Sublingual Administration of Tacrolimus is Safe and Provides Similar Drug Exposure to Per-oral Route in Liver Transplant Recipients During Early Postoperative Period–A Large, Retrospective, Observational Study$$$ Background/Aims: Per-oral (PO) administration of tacrolimus (TAC) results in inadequate trough levels in the early postoperative period in liver-transplant (LT) recipients who undergo Roux-en-Y hepaticojejunostomy for biliary reconstruction. Sublingual administration (SL) of tacrolimus provides an alternative route in such patients. The objectives of this study were to assess the feasibility and safety of SL tacrolimus in adult LT-recipients in the early postoperative period and to compare therapeutic efficacy of SL administration of tacrolimus versus PO route. Methods: single-center, retrospective, observational study carried out in adult living donor liver transplant (LDLT) recipients between January 2022 and December 2022. Recipients who underwent Roux-en-Y hepaticojejunostomy for biliary reconstruction received tacrolimus through the SL route till postoperative day (POD) 5 as they were kept nil per oral constituted the study group while recipients who underwent duct-to-duct (D-D) anastomosis for biliary reconstruction were allowed orally from POD1 and received PO-tacrolimus were chosen as controls. The feasibility and safety of SL-tacrolimus were assessed in terms of patient acceptance, need to discontinue SL-tacrolimus, incidence of local adverse effects, and systemic adverse events like neurotoxicity and nephrotoxicity. Therapeutic efficacy was evaluated by comparing median trough levels (TAC level) achieved and incidence of graft rejection between two groups. Results: Two hundred twelve patients underwent LT during the study period, of which 125 were included (58 in the SL-group and 67 in PO-group). Both groups had comparable baseline characteristics. In the SL-group, all patients tolerated SL-Tacrolimus well and no local adverse events were observed. Patients with SL-Tacrolimus administration achieved a higher median TAC level (ng/ml) vs. PO route (5.85 vs. 5 (P = 0.06)) despite receiving similar median cumulative tacrolimus dose before assessing TAC-level. Fifty percent of patients achieved TAC level ≥6 ng/ml in SL-group vs. 35.8% in PO-group (P = 0.14). The incidence of neurotoxicity, nephrotoxicity, and graft rejection during hospital stay were similar in both the groups (P = 0.56, 0.82, and 0.28, respectively). Conclusion: SL-tacrolimus is safe and provides similar trough levels to PO-tacrolimus and may be considered as a viable alternative whenever inadequate TAC levels are anticipated through the per-oral route. ER  - 
Effects of a video-feedback intervention on parenting behavior and state anxiety in mothers of children with neurodevelopmental disabilities$$$ Neurodevelopmental disability (ND) poses a significant challenge to infants' socio-emotional and cognitive development, as well as to caregiving dynamics, such as parental sensitivity and mother-infant interaction. Prior research highlights the crucial role of early parenting support interventions in enhancing parental behaviors, serving as a protective developmental factor for children at risk for or diagnosed with ND. This single-cohort, multicentric study aims to evaluate the efficacy of early video-feedback intervention (VFI) in improving maternal parenting behaviors. Thirty-four mothers with their children diagnosed with ND participated in the study. Different dimensions of parenting behavior (i.e., affection, responsiveness, encouragement, teaching) were assessed during 10-minute mother-infant interactions, both before (T0) and after (T1) completing six weekly VFI sessions. Additionally, mothers completed standardized questionnaires assessing parenting stress, anxiety, and depressive symptoms. The results indicated significant improvements in maternal responsiveness, encouragement, and teaching following the intervention. Furthermore, mothers reported a state anxiety reduction at T1. Additionally, higher scores in affection and responsiveness were correlated with reduced maternal stress. These findings support the utility of VFI as a valuable tool for enhancing positive parenting skills in the context of ND, and provide insights into the dyadic processes through which parenting behaviors may promote socio-emotional and cognitive development in children with ND. ER  - 
Prevalence, determinants, and health outcomes of potentially inappropriate medication use according to the 2023 beers criteria among hospitalised older patients$$$ Background: This study aims to determine the prevalence, determinants, and rehospitalisation outcomes of potentially inappropriate medication (PIM) use among hospitalised older patients. Design and participants: This retrospective cohort study analysed older patients admitted to a tertiary care hospital from 2021 to 2023. We evaluated PIM prescriptions using the 2023 Beers criteria, classifying the patients as PIM users or non-users. We assessed the prevalence of PIM use, identified its determinants, and investigated the association between PIM use and rehospitalisation for any reason within one year of discharge, as well as the related length of stay and total medical costs. Results: The study comprised 20,629 hospitalised older patients with a mean age of 71.17 ± 8.14 years, 50.21% of whom were women. PIM usage was prevalent among 91.32% of the patients. The determinants of PIM use included being female, having a longer hospital stay, an increasing number of prescribed drugs, and three or more chronic conditions. However, the use of PIM did not significantly increase the risk of rehospitalisation (adjusted hazard ratios = 1.02; 95% CI = 0.87–1.19), length of stay (adjusted mean difference [aMD] = 0.35 days; 95% CI = -1.31 to 2.01 days), or cost of medical care (aMD = 2,039 Baht; 95% CI = -9,824 to 13,901 Baht). Conclusions: The use of PIMs among hospitalised older patients remains alarmingly high and is strongly correlated with the number of prescribed drugs. However, no significant link was found between PIM use and rehospitalisation outcomes within a one-year period. ER  - 
Intermittent theta burst stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has no additional effect on the efficacy of virtual reality exposure therapy for acrophobia. A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study$$$ Anxiety disorders are among the most common mental disorders. Treatment guidelines recommend pharmacotherapy and cognitive behavioral therapy as standard treatment. Although cognitive behavioral therapy is an effective therapeutic approach, not all patients benefit sufficiently from it. In recent years, non-invasive brain stimulation techniques, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation, have been investigated as promising adjuncts in the treatment of affective disorders. The aim of this study is to investigate whether a combination of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) and virtual reality exposure therapy leads to a significantly greater reduction in acrophobia than virtual reality exposure with sham stimulation. In this randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study, 43 participants with acrophobia received verum or sham iTBS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex prior to two sessions of virtual reality exposure therapy. Stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with iTBS was motivated by an experimental study showing a positive effect on extinction memory retention. Acrophobic symptoms were assessed using questionnaires and two behavioral approach tasks one week before, after treatment and six months after the second diagnostic session. The results showed that two sessions of virtual reality exposure therapy led to a significant reduction in acrophobic symptoms, with an overall remission rate of 79 %. However, there was no additional effect of iTBS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the therapeutic effects. Further research is needed to determine how exactly a combination of transcranial magnetic stimulation and exposure therapy should be designed to enhance efficacy. ER  - 
Turner syndrome and neuropsychological abnormalities: a review and case series$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to establish the genotype-phenotype correlation between karyotype results and the neurological and psychiatric alterations presented in patients with Turner syndrome (TS). Methods: A retrospective study was conducted on the medical records of 10/140 patients with TS and neurophysiological abnormalities seen at a university hospital in southern Brazil. In addition, a literature review spanning the period from January 1, 2012 to January 1, 2023 was carried out using the PubMed and Virtual Health Library databases. Results: Our study showed a potential correlation between neurological and psychiatric alterations in patients with TS. These findings are in accordance with those described in literature such as a high prevalence of learning or intellectual disabilities. However, our sample found more seizure episodes than those reported in other studies. Conclusions: The correlation established could be due to X chromosome dose–effect, as the review suggests that sex chromosome number and hormonal development can be associated with verbal, social, and cognitive skills or impairments. ER  - 
CSF and blood signatures support classification of limbic encephalitis subtypes$$$ Autoimmune limbic encephalitis (ALE) represents a heterogeneous disease associated with antibodies targeting extracellular (ALEextra) epitopes, intracellular (ALEintra) epitopes, anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase65 ALE (ALEGAD65), and ALE without detectable antibodies (ALEabneg). Combining analysis of cellular parameters, investigated by flow cytometry, and soluble parameters in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) from a large cohort of 148 ALE patients (33 ALEextra, 12 ALEintra, 28 ALE-GAD65, 37 ALEabneg) in comparison to paradigmatic examples for neuro-inflammatory (51 relapsing remitting MS patients (RRMS)), and neuro-degenerative (34 Alzheimer's disease patients (AD)) diseases revealed discrete immune signatures in ALE subgroups. Identification of ALE-subtype specific markers facilitated classification of rare ALE-associated tumors, which may prompt further diagnostic efforts in clinical practice. While ALEintra exhibited features of neuro-inflammation, ALEextra displayed features of neuro-inflammation as well as neuro-degeneration. Moreover, ALEGAD65 and ALEabneg lacked hallmarks of inflammation. This may explain the low efficacy of anti-inflammatory treatment regimens in ALEGAD65 and presumably also ALEabneg. ER  - 
Functional Syncope in Children and Adolescents: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Background: Functional syncope, or psychogenic pseudosyncope, is often under-recognized. We aimed to show that functional syncope may be diagnosed in most pediatric patients by the initial neurological consultation. Methods: We reviewed the medical records of patients who were evaluated from 2006 to 2022 in clinic for apparent transient loss of consciousness (a-TLOC) and probable functional syncope. Inclusion criteria included the following: (1) one or more episodes of a-TLOC; (2) spontaneous recovery; (3) age <19 years; (4) patients collapse or lie immobile andunresponsive to verbal stimulation; (5) normal or mildly increased heart rate and blood pressure, if assessed; (6) no other medical causes; and (7) episodes occurred during tilt, electroencephalography, or electrocardiogram or were seen by the author on a smartphone video or in clinic. Patients meeting criteria 1 to 7 were classified as “definite” functional syncope and those meeting criteria 1 to 6 as “probable” functional syncope. Results: We identified 31 patients with a-TLOC: 26 (23 females) had functional syncope, aged six to 17 years, whereas five were excluded (two functional seizures, one temporal lobe epilepsy, one vasovagal syncope, and one asthma). The clinical features of 13 patients in each group (definite versus probable) were not different statistically. Episodes were prolonged (1 to 270 minutes, mean 58 minutes) and frequent (daily or weekly in 65%), with eyes closed in 71% and eye flutter in 27%. After mean follow-up of 15 months in 14 patients: episodes disappeared in 29%, decreased >50% in 36%, and remained the same in 36%. Conclusions: Functional syncope can be diagnosed at the initial neurological consultation without additional diagnostic testing in most patients. ER  - 
National impact of a constraining regulatory framework on pregabalin dispensations in France, 2020–2022$$$ Background: Pregabalin is a drug approved for neuropathic pain, epilepsy and general anxiety disorder. However, pregabalin is also an increasing cause of diversion and misuse, and, for this reason, the French health authorities have decided in 2021 to classify it as a narcotic drug, requiring secured prescription pads. Our study aimed to evaluate the impact of this measure on pregabalin dispensation patterns. Methods: Using data from a national representative sample of 12,690 French community pharmacies, we assessed the impact of the new regulatory framework, implemented in June 2021, on the total monthly quantity of pregabalin dispensed by conducting an interrupted time-series (ITS) analysis. We built a counterfactual model to predict what would have happened without the intervention. We conducted the same analyses in the subsample of pregabalin dispensations exceeding the maximum recommended dosage of 600 mg per day. Additionally, we compared (1) the number of pregabalin dispensations (2) the co-dispensing of opioids and/or benzodiazepines one year before and one year after the regulation. Results: Following the regulatory change, there was an immediate and significant drop of 38,475,375 mg (95 %CI [-66,931,799 mg; -10,018,951 mg] in pregabalin dispensations. This decline continued in the following months, with a decrease of 4,788,107 mg (95 %CI: [-8,888,326 mg; -687,888 mg] per month. The counterfactual model predicted that, without the intervention, there would have been no notable change in pregabalin dispensations. The ITS analyses showed no significant change in pregabalin dispensations following the new regulation for the subsample with doses exceeding 600 mg per day. Concurrently, there was a significant decrease in co-dispensing of opioids (18.4 % pre-regulation versus 11.6 % post-regulation, p < 0.001) and benzodiazepines (21.4 % pre-regulation versus 11.7 % post-regulation, p < 0.001). Conclusion: The constraining regulation adopted in 2021 by the French health authorities significantly curtailed total pregabalin dispensing in community pharmacies. Our findings underscore the importance of regulatory measures to limit the misuse of a prescribed medication. ER  - 
Cannabis use, sleep and mood disturbances among persons with epilepsy – A clinical and polysomnography study from a Canadian tertiary care epilepsy center$$$ Objective: Interest in anti-seizure properties of cannabinoids is increasing, with the rise in prevalence of recreational and medical cannabis use, especially across Canada. In a recent study on people with epilepsy (PWE), cannabis use showed a strong association with poor psychosocial health. Sleep and mood comorbidities are highly prevalent in epilepsy, and are common motivations for cannabis use. The primary objective of this study was to assess demographic, subjective and objectively assessed sleep quality and mood related differences among PWE who regularly use cannabis compared to those who do not. Methods: Consecutive consenting patients with a confirmed epilepsy diagnosis, admitted to our Epilepsy Monitoring Unit, over a 3-year period (2019–2022) were enrolled. Detailed epilepsy-related data and self-reported sleep [Pittsburgh Sleep quality index (PSQI)], Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS)], mood [(Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI) and Beck's Anxiety inventory (BAI)] and cannabis use related data were collected. Overnight polysomnography (PSG) was conducted on the first night of admission, with simultaneous 18-channel video-EEG. Sleep (PSG) scoring followed American Academy of Sleep Medicine guidelines by a scorer blinded to clinical details. Results: Among 51 patients with similar seizure control, 25 (13 F) reported cannabis use (mean age 36.3+14.8 years) and were significantly younger than 26 (18 F) non-users (mean age 48.3+15 years). Cannabis users had significantly better subjective sleep quality (mean PSQI scores 7.2+2.9 vs 10.2+5.2 respectively). Most patients endorsed sleepiness (Cannabis users with ESS scores greater than 10; 91.3 %, 77.3 % in non-users) and moderate to extreme depression (BDI) scores. No significant differences were observed in objective sleep parameters. BDI score significantly predicted PSQI and ESS scores on multiple logistic regression analysis. Significance: Despite a significant age difference, self-reported sleep quality is better among PWE who report regular cannabis use compared to non-users. However, there is no significant difference in objective sleep quantity and quality from PSG between the two groups. Additionally, severity of depressive symptoms is a significant predictor of sleep quality and of excessive daytime sleepiness among PWE. ER  - 
Neurological and psychiatric phenotype of a multicenter cohort of patients with SETD5-related neurodevelopmental disorder$$$ Pathogenic variants in the SETD5 gene cause a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by intellectual disability, autism, and facial dysmorphisms, with incomplete penetrance. To date, no distinctive neurological, psychiatric, electroencephalographic, and neuroimaging features have been identified in this condition. We expand the clinical phenotype of SETD5-related disorder by describing 28 previously unreported patients, 26 carrying single nucleotide variants, and 2 with copy number variations involving SETD5 gene, focusing on neurological, psychiatric, EEG, and brain MRI data. In our cohort neurological symptoms include hypotonia (39.2 %), hyperkinetic movement disorders including stereotypies and chorea (21.4 %) and gait abnormalities ranging from tip-toe or unsteady walking and alterations of fine motor skills (35.7 %). Epilepsy was present in about 14 % of patients, including different types of seizures as epileptic spasms, focal motor, and non-motor seizures. Concerning the cognitive phenotype, intellectual disability or global developmental delay depending on age, ranging from mild to severe, was present in 75 % of cohort, 21.4 % exhibit borderline intellectual functioning while an individual has a normal intelligence quotient. Other psychiatric comorbidities include autism, ADHD, psychotic disorder and other internalizing and externalizing symptoms. Finally, we conduct a comprehensive review of the available literature, suggesting a possible genotype-phenotype correlation. ER  - 
Fatalism, self-management and self-esteem: How do they shape the quality of life in MS and epilepsy Patients?$$$ Objective: This study aimed to investigate the impact of fatalism, self-management, and self-esteem on the quality of life of individuals with multiple sclerosis and epilepsy. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted between February and May 2024 with 122 MS patients and 108 epilepsy patients. Participants completed questionnaires measuring fatalistic beliefs, self-management, self-esteem, and quality of life. Data were collected through face-to-face interviews during hospital visits. Statistical analyses included t-tests, Mann-Whitney U tests, and hierarchical regression. Results: MS patients reported significantly higher levels of fatalism and lower levels of self-esteem compared to epilepsy patients. However, both groups reported statistically significant relationships between fatalism, self-management, self-esteem, and quality of life. Hierarchical regression analyses revealed that the factor of fatalism negatively impacted quality of life in both groups, while self-management and self-esteem were positively associated with quality of life. Although these variables consistently impacted the quality of life for both groups, the magnitude of these effects and the amount of variance explained differed. Conclusions: These findings highlight the importance of addressing fatalistic beliefs, promoting self-management skills, and enhancing self-esteem in both MS and epilepsy patients. Intervention programs focusing on these psychosocial factors could significantly improve the quality of life for individuals living with these chronic neurological conditions. ER  - 
Physical exercise habits in people with epilepsy: A survey from Brazilian population$$$ This survey evaluated the Brazilian population's physical exercise habits and compared them with those from two decades ago. In this cross-sectional study, 432 people with epilepsy (PWE) assessed the questionnaire. Of these, 387 (age: 33 ± 10.58, 81.4 % women) completed the questionnaire. Among them, 60.5 % were involved in regular physical activities. Among those who exercise regularly, the majority (96.5 %) exercised between 2 and 5 times weekly and had been physically active for at least two years. Only 23.3 % were prohibited by their doctors from participating in physical activities. Only 10 % reported that seizures occur during exercise, and about half of them (55.8 %) believed that exercise improves or has no effect on seizure frequency. Most (79.06 %) did not or rarely believe exercise can trigger seizures. More than half (57.3 %) were not afraid to have seizures during exercise or were not afraid of injury during exercise due to a seizure (69 %). Most believed exercise improves cognition (80.9 %), depression, and anxiety (93.8 %). We visited this scenario two decades early. In our previous study, only 15 % exercised regularly, while in this survey, 58.4 % routinely exercised. Our findings also align with our initial survey, indicating a low seizure frequency during regular exercise, a belief that physical activity reduces seizure frequency, and a reduction in the fear that exercise might trigger seizures. In conclusion, our results show that after two decades, there have been several improvements in physical and sports activity participation among PWE. Implementing strategies to reduce barriers to exercise for PWE and educating them on the benefits of physical activity can help improve this scenario. ER  - 
Impact of interaction among antiseizure medication polytherapy, clinical, sociodemographic and psychological factors on quality of life in patients with epilepsy: A systematic review$$$ Introduction: Drug-resistant epilepsy usually requires the use of polytherapy with antiseizure medications (ASMs) for management, which could involve side and adverse effects that may impact quality of life (QOL). This systematic review summarizes the evidence about the relationship between ASM polytherapy and QOL in epilepsy patients, considering clinical, sociodemographic, and psychological variables. Method: This review followed the PRISMA guidelines and was registered in PROSPERO. The studies examined were collected from PubMed/MEDLINE, Scopus, Web of Science, and Embase. The data extracted were categorized into three categories: the relationship between the number of ASMs and QOL, differences in QOL between patients taking polytherapy and patients taking monotherapy, and the role of other variables on QOL. Results: The review included 34 studies. Thirty examined the relationship between the number of ASMs and QOL, 93.3% of them identifying a significant association between a higher number of ASMs and poorer QOL. Fifteen studies analyzed differences in QOL between patients receiving polytherapy and those on monotherapy, all of them showing poorer QOL in those on polytherapy. Thirty-two studies considered other factors beyond polytherapy as determinants of QOL, including clinical, sociodemographic, and psychological variables, and higher seizure frequency and mood comorbidities (depression and anxiety) emerged as the strongest predictors of poor QOL. Conclusions: Polytherapy, despite being necessary for managing drug-resistant epilepsy, significantly contributes to impairing QOL. Effective seizure control remains critical, but a multifactorial approach addressing mental health and social determinants is essential for improving QOL in epilepsy patients. Future research should focus on optimizing treatment strategies that balance seizure control by minimizing the negative impact of polytherapy. ER  - 
Recent trends and disparities in 24-hour movement behaviors among US youth with mental, behavioral and neurodevelopmental conditions$$$ Background: Meeting 24-h movement behaviors (24-HMB: physical activity [PA], screen time [ST], and sleep [SL]) recommendations may be associated with positive health outcomes among youth with specific mental, behavioral, and neurodevelopmental (MBD) conditions. However, temporal trends and disparities in meeting 24-HMB guidelines in these higher-risk groups have not been investigated, hampering the development of evidence-based clinical and public health interventions. Methods: Serial, cross-sectional analyses of nationally National Survey of Children's Health (NSCH) data (including U.S. youth aged 6–17 years with MBD conditions) were conducted. The time-trends survey data was conducted between 2016 and 2021. The prevalence of 24-HMB adherence estimates were reported for the overall sample and for various sociodemographic subgroups. The subgroups analyzed included: age group (children[aged 6 to 13 years], adolescents[aged 14 to 17 years]), sex, socioeconomic status, and ethnicity. Results: Data on 52,634 individuals (mean age, 12.0 years [SD,3.5]; 28,829 [58.0 %] boys) were analyzed. From 2016 to 2021 the estimated trend in meeting PA + ST + SL guidelines declined (−0.8 % [95%CI, −1.0 % to −0.5 %], P for trend <0.001), whereas meeting none of 24-HMB guidelines increased (2.2 % [1.8 % to 2.6 %], P for trend <0.001). White participants, children, and boys reported higher estimated prevalence of meeting full integrated (PA + ST + SL) guidelines. Discussion: The temporal trends observed in this study highlight the importance of consistently monitoring movement behavior among MBD youth and identifying variations by sociodemographic groups in meeting 24-HMB guidelines for health promotion within these vulnerable groups. ER  - 
Association between the levels of toxic heavy metals and schizophrenia in the population of Guangxi, China: A case-control study$$$ The relationship between body levels of heavy metals and the risk of schizophrenia remains unclear. This study investigates the relationship between plasma levels of toxic heavy metals and the risk of schizophrenia among adults in Guangxi, China. Plasma concentrations of lead (Pb), cadmium (Cd), arsenic (As), and chromium (Cr) were measured using inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS). To evaluate both the single and combined effects of metal exposure on the risk of schizophrenia, we employed multivariate logistic regression, Bayesian Kernel Machine Regression (BKMR), and generalized Weighted Quantile Sum (gWQS) models. Additionally, we employed the Comparative Toxicogenomics Database (CTD) to analyze the mechanistic pathways through which metal mixtures may induce schizophrenia. Relative mRNA expression levels were measured using Real-Time Quantitative Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-qPCR). Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) analyses were conducted to predict potential biological functions. In logistic regression models, compared to the lowest exposure group (Q1), the odds ratios (ORs) for Pb in groups Q2, Q3, and Q4 were 2.18 (95% CI: 1.20–3.94), 4.74 (95% CI: 2.52–8.95), and 3.62 (95% CI: 1.80–7.28), respectively. Both BKMR and gWQS models indicated a positive correlation between the combined effects of toxic heavy metal mixtures and the risk of schizophrenia, with Pb demonstrating the most substantial impact, particularly in older adults and females. Elevated levels of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) and interleukin-1 beta (IL-1β) were observed in patients with schizophrenia, while the expression of tumor protein p53 (TP53) was significantly reduced. These findings underscore the critical need to avoid exposure to toxic heavy metals to prevent schizophrenia, highlighting significant public health implications. ER  - 
Abnormal metabolites in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex of female epilepsy patients with migraine without aura$$$ Epilepsy and migraine without aura (MWoA) are often comorbid, but the exact mechanisms are unclear. Magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) may help to understand the neurometabolic mechanisms in patients with epilepsy comorbid with MWoA (EWM). In this prospective cross-sectional study, we recruited 64 female patients, including 24 with EWM, 20 with epilepsy, and 20 with MWoA, as well as 20 age-level-matched and educational-level-matched female healthy controls from our hospital between August 2021 and November 2022. A single-voxel point-resolved spectroscopy sequence was used to acquire spectra of the bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortices (DLPFCs). Metabolites were quantified by linear combination model software, and the values were corrected for the partial volume effect of cerebrospinal fluid. MRS data comparisons were performed with multivariate analyses of variance. Correlation analyses were calculated between metabolites and main clinical data. The results showed that N-acetyl aspartate (NAA) was asymmetrical between the bilateral DLPFCs. Both NAA and myoinositol were significantly reduced in EWM than in healthy controls. Choline-containing compounds (Cho) were higher in MWoA than in the other three groups. Correlation analyses revealed that NAA of the right DLPFC and Cho of the bilateral DLPFCs in EWM were negatively related to migraine frequency. In addition, glutamate and glutamine (Glu and Gln, Glx) of the right DLPFC in EWM were negatively correlated with migraine severity. Our findings suggested that comorbid epilepsy and MWoA in female patients can lead to a synergistic reduction of both NAA and myoinositol, reflecting more serious injuries of neurons and glial cells. ER  - 
Predictors of antipsychotics switching among ambulatory patients with schizophrenia in Ethiopia: a multicenter hospital-based cross-sectional study$$$ Introduction: A change of therapy from one to another antipsychotic medication is currently the main challenge of therapy. This study aimed to assess the prevalence of antipsychotic medication switches and determinants among patients with schizophrenia in Northwest Ethiopia. Methods: Multi-center hospital-based cross-sectional study was conducted at five Comprehensive Specialized Hospitals found in Northwest Ethiopia from April 30, 2021, to August 30, 2021. Data were extracted from both patients’ medical charts and interviews. Data were entered into Epi-data software version 3.5.1 and exported to SPSS version 25.0 for analysis. A multivariable logistic regression model was fitted to identify factors associated with medication regimen switch. The level of significance of the study was kept at a p-value of 0.05 with a 95% confidence interval. Result: A total of 414 patients are involved in the study, and 188 (45.5%) of patients switched antipsychotics within one year. The unavailability of the medication is the commonest reason for switching. Being male [AOR = 2.581, 95% CI (1.463, 4.552)], having relapse [AOR = 2.341,95% CI (1.169,4.687)], history of hospitalization in the past year [AOR = 3.00,95% CI (1.478,5.715)] and taking typical antipsychotics [AOR = 3.340, CI (1.76, 6.00)] had a significant association with antipsychotics switching. Conclusions and recommendations: There is a high prevalence of antipsychotic switches among schizophrenia patients. Prescribers need to be careful while dosing, selecting, and switching antipsychotics, hence may help reduce discontinuation and unnecessary switch and thus achieve optimal clinical management. ER  - 
Demographic and clinical characteristics, seizure disorders, and antiepileptic drug usage in different types of corpus callosum disorders: a comparative study in children$$$ Background: This study aimed to investigate the demographic and clinical characteristics, types of seizure disorders, and antiepileptic drug usage among individuals with different types of corpus callosum disorders. Methods: A total of 73 individuals were included in the study and divided into three groups based on the type of corpus callosum abnormality: hypoplasia (H), agenesis (A), and dysgenesis (D). Demographic data, including gender and preterm birth, as well as clinical characteristics such as seizure disorders, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), severe developmental delay/intellectual disability, and other brain malformations, were analyzed. The types of seizure disorders and antiepileptic drugs used were also examined. Results: The H group had the highest number of participants (n = 47), followed by the A group (n = 11) and the D group (n = 15). The A group had the highest percentage of males and preterm births, while the D group had the highest percentage of seizure disorders, other brain malformations, and severe developmental delay/intellectual disability. The A group also had the highest percentage of ADHD. Focal seizures were observed in all three groups, with the highest proportion in the A group. Focal impaired awareness seizures (FIAS) were present in all groups, with the highest proportion in the D group. Generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) were observed in all groups, with the highest proportion in the H group. Different types of antiepileptic drugs were used among the groups, with variations in usage rates for each drug. Conclusion: This study provided insights into the demographic and clinical characteristics, seizure disorders, and antiepileptic drug usage among individuals with different types of corpus callosum disorders. Significant differences were found between the groups, indicating the need for tailored management approaches. However, the study has limitations, including a small sample size and a cross-sectional design. Further research with larger sample sizes and longitudinal designs is warranted to validate these findings and explore the relationship between corpus callosum abnormality severity and clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Prevalence and trend of central nervous system–active medication polypharmacy among US commercially insured adults with vs without early-onset dementia: a multi-year cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Limited data exist on the prevalence and trend of central nervous system (CNS)-active medication polypharmacy among adults with early-onset dementia (EOD) and whether these estimates differ for adults without EOD but with chronic pain, depression, or epilepsy, conditions managed by CNS-active medications. Methods: A multi-year, cross-sectional study using 2012–2021 MarketScan Commercial Claims data was conducted among adults aged 30 to 64 years with EOD and those without EOD but having a diagnosis of chronic pain, depression, or epilepsy as comparison groups. For each disease cohort, the primary outcome was CNS-active medication polypharmacy defined as concurrent use of ≥ 3 CNS-active medications on the US Beers Criteria list that overlapped for > 30 consecutive days during 12 months following a randomly selected medical encounter with the disease diagnosis. A separate multivariate modified Poisson regression model was used to estimate time trends in CNS polypharmacy in each disease cohort. Differences in trend estimates between EOD and non-EOD disease cohorts were examined by an interaction between EOD status and yearly time. Results: From 2013 to 2020, the annual crude prevalence of CNS polypharmacy was higher among adults with EOD (21.2%–25.0%) than adults with chronic pain (5.1%–5.9%), depression (14.8%–21.7%), or epilepsy (20.0%–22.3%). The adjusted annual prevalence of CNS polypharmacy among patients with EOD did not significantly change between 2013 and 2020 (adjusted prevalence rate ratio [aPRR], 0.94; 95% CI, 0.88–1.01), whereas a significant decreasing trend was observed among non-EOD cohorts with chronic pain (aPRR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.63–0.69), depression (aPRR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.77–0.85), and epilepsy (aPRR, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.83–0.89). The interaction analysis indicated that patients with epilepsy and depression (vs with EOD) had a decreasing probability of CNS-active medication polypharmacy over time (aPRR, 0.98 [95% CI, 0.98–0.99]; P <.001 for interaction for both conditions). Conclusions: The prevalence of CNS polypharmacy among US commercially insured adults with EOD (vs without) was higher and remained unchanged from 2013 to 2021. Medication reviews of adults with EOD and CNS polypharmacy are needed to ensure that benefits outweigh risks associated with combined use of these treatments. ER  - 
Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis patients with late diagnosed in single orthopedic clinic: two novel variants in the CYP27A1 gene$$$ Background: Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis (CTX) is a rare autosomal recessive lipid storage disorder caused by loss of function variants in the CYP27A1 gene which encodes sterol 27-hydroxylase, on chromosome 2q35. Although the symptoms begin commonly in infancy, CTX diagnosis is often delayed. The aim of this study is to review the orthopedic findings of the disease by providing an overview of the clinical features of the disease. It is to raise awareness of this condition for which early diagnosis and treatment are important. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated the clinical, laboratory, radiological, and genetic findings of eight patients from four families who were admitted to our Orthopedics and Traumatology Department between 2017 and 2022 due to bilateral Achilles tendon xanthomas, were found to have high cholestanol and CYP27A1 gene mutations. Results: The mean age of patients was 37, and five of them were male. The mean age at the onset of symptoms was 9.25 years. The mean age of initial diagnosis was 33.75 years. Between symptom onset and clinical diagnosis, an average delay of 24.5 years was observed. All patients had bilateral Achilles tendon xanthoma. Notably, a novel variant (c.670_671delAA) in CYP27A1 gene was identified in three patients who also presented with peripheral neuropathy and bilateral pes cavus. One patient had osteoporosis and four patients had osteopenia. Five patients had a history of bilateral cataracts. Furthermore, three of the patients had early-onset chronic diarrhea and three of the patients had ataxia. Two of the patients had epilepsy and seven of the patients had behavior-personality disorder. All patients had low intelligence, but none of them had cardiac disease. Conclusion: We present the diagnostic process and clinical features which the largest CTX case series ever reported from single orthopedic clinic. We suggest that patients with normal cholesterol levels presenting with xanthoma being genetically analyzed by testing at their serum cholestanol level, and that all siblings of patients diagnosed with CTX be examined. ER  - 
Harris Poll Migraine Report Card: population-based examination of high-frequency headache/migraine and acute medication overuse$$$ Background: Migraine is a disabling neurologic disease that can fluctuate over time in severity, frequency, and acute medication use. Harris Poll Migraine Report Card was a US population-based survey to ascertain quantifiable distinctions amongst individuals with current versus previous high-frequency headache/migraine and acute medication overuse (HFM+AMO). The objective of this report is to compare self-reported experiences in the migraine journey of adults with HFM+AMO to those who previously experienced HFM+AMO but currently have a sustained reduction in headache/migraine frequency and acute medication use. Methods: An online survey was available to a general population panel of adults (≥18 years) with migraine per the ID Migraine™ screener. Respondents were classified into “current HFM+AMO” (within the last few months had ≥8 headache days/month and ≥10 days/month of acute medication use; n=440) or “previous HFM+AMO” (previously had HFM+AMO, but within the last few months had ≤7 headache days/month and ≤9 days/month of acute medication use; n=110). Survey questions pertained to demographics, diagnosis, living with migraine, healthcare provider (HCP) communication, and treatment. Results: Participants in the current HFM+AMO group had 15.2 monthly headache days and 17.4 days of monthly acute medication use in last few months compared to 4.2 and 4.1 days for the previous HFM+AMO group, respectively. Overall, current preventive pharmacologic treatment use was low (15-16%; P>0.1 for current vs previous) in both groups. Previous HFM+AMO respondents reported better current acute treatment optimization. More respondents with current (80%) than previous HFM+AMO (66%) expressed concern with their current health (P<0.05). More than one-third of both groups wished their HCP better understood their mental/emotional health (current 37%, previous 35%; P>0.1 for current vs previous) and 47% (current) to 54% (previous) of respondents worried about asking their HCP too many questions (P>0.1 for current vs previous). Conclusion: Apart from optimization of acute medication, medical interventions did not significantly differentiate between the current and previous HFM+AMO groups. Use of preventive pharmacological medication was low in both groups. Adults with current HFM+AMO more often had health concerns, yet both groups expressed concerns of disease burden. Optimization of acute and preventive medication and addressing mental/emotional health concerns of patients are areas where migraine care may impact outcomes regardless of their disease burden. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.). ER  - 
Predicting factors for acute encephalopathy in febrile seizure children with SARS-CoV-2 omicron variant: a retrospective study$$$ Background: SARS-CoV-2 posed a threat to children during the early phase of Omicron wave because many patients presented with febrile seizures. The study aimed to investigate predicting factors for acute encephalopathy of children infected by SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant presenting with febrile seizures. Methods: The retrospective study analyzed data from pediatric patients who visited the emergency department of Chang Gung Memorial Hospital in Taiwan between April and July 2022. We specifically focused on children with COVID-19 who presented with febrile seizures, collecting demographic, clinical, and laboratory data at the pediatric emergency department, as well as final discharge diagnoses. Subsequently, we conducted a comparative analysis of the clinical and laboratory characteristics between patients diagnosed with acute encephalopathy and those with other causes of febrile seizures. Results: Overall, 10,878 children were included, of which 260 patients presented with febrile seizures. Among them, 116 individuals tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 and of them, 14 subsequently developed acute encephalopathy (12%). Those with acute encephalopathy displayed distinctive features, including older age (5.1 vs. 2.6 years old), longer fever duration preceding the first seizure (1.6 vs. 0.9 days), cluster seizure (50% vs. 16.7%), status epilepticus (50% vs. 13.7%) and occurrences of bradycardia (26.8% vs. 0%) and hypotension (14.3% vs. 0%) in the encephalopathy group. Besides, the laboratory findings in the encephalopathy group are characterized by hyperglycemia (mean (95% CI) 146 mg/dL (95% CI 109–157) vs. 108 mg/dL (95% CI 103–114) and metabolic acidosis (mean (95% CI) pH 7.29(95% CI 7.22–7.36) vs. 7.39 (95%CI 7.37–7.41)). Conclusions: In pediatric patients with COVID-19-related febrile seizures, the occurrence of seizures beyond the first day of fever, bradycardia, clustered seizures, status epilepticus, hyperglycemia, and metabolic acidosis should raise concerns about acute encephalitis/encephalopathy. However, the highest body temperature and the severity of leukocytosis or C-reactive protein levels were not associated with poor outcomes. ER  - 
Brain 18 F-FDG PET reveals cortico-subcortical hypermetabolic dysfunction in juvenile neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Background: In juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus (j-SLE) with neuropsychiatric (NP) symptoms, there is a lack of diagnostic biomarkers. Thus, we study whether PET-FDG may identify any metabolic dysfunction in j-NPSLE. Methods: A total of 19 18FDG-PET exams were consecutively performed using PET-MRI system in 11 non-sedated patients presenting with j-NPSLE (11-18y) for less than 18 months (m) and without any significant lesion at MRI. Psychiatric symptoms were scored from 0 (none) to 3 (severe) at PET time. PET images were visually analyzed and voxel-based analyses of cerebral glucose metabolism were performed using statistical parametric mapping (spm) with an age-matched control group, at threshold set > 50 voxels using both p < 0.001 uncorrected (unc.) and p < 0.05 corrected family wise error (FWE). Results: Patients exhibited mainly psychiatric symptoms, with diffuse inflammatory j-NPSLE. First PET (n = 11) was performed at a mean of 15y of age, second/third PET (n = 7/n = 1) 6 to 19 m later. PET individual analysis detected focal bilateral anomalies in 13/19 exams visually but 19/19 using spm (unc.), mostly hypermetabolic areas (18/19). A total of 15% of hypermetabolic areas identified by spm had been missed visually. PET group analysis (n = 19) did not identify any hypometabolic area, but a large bilateral cortico-subcortical hypermetabolic pattern including, by statistical decreasing order (unc.), thalamus, subthalamic brainstem, cerebellum (vermis and cortex), basal ganglia, visual, temporal and frontal cortices. Mostly the subcortical hypermetabolism survived to FWE analysis, being most intense and extensive (51% of total volume) in thalamus and subthalamus brainstem. Hypermetabolism was strictly subcortical in the most severe NP subgroup (n = 8, scores 2–3) whereas it also extended to cerebral cortex, mostly visual, in the less severe subgroup (n = 11, scores 0–1), but difference was not significant. Longitudinal visual analysis was inconclusive due to clinical heterogeneity. Conclusions: j-NPSLE patients showed a robust bilateral cortico-subcortical hypermetabolic network, focused subcortically, particularly in thalamus, proportionally to psychiatric features severity. Further studies with larger, but homogeneous, cohorts are needed to determine the sensitivity and specificity of this dysfunctional pattern as a potential biomarker in diffuse inflammatory j-NPSLE with normal brain MRI. ER  - 
Comparison of the effect of phenobarbital & levetiracetam in the treatment of neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) as adjuvant treatment in neonates admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Infants who are born from mothers with substance use disorder might suffer from neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) and need treatment with medicines. One of these medicines is phenobarbital, which may cause side effects in long-term consumption. Alternative drugs can be used to reduce these side effects. This study seeks the comparison of the effects of phenobarbital & levetiracetam as adjuvant therapy in neonatal abstinence syndrome. Methods: This randomized clinical trial was performed in one year from May 2021 until May 2022. The neonates who were born from mothers with substance use disorder and had neonatal abstinence syndrome in Afzalipoor Hospital of Kerman were studied. The treatment started with morphine initially and every four hours the infants were checked. The infants who were diagnosed with uncontrolled symptoms After obtaining informed consent from the parents were randomly divided into two groups and treated with secondary drugs, either phenobarbital or levetiracetam. Results: Based on the obtained results, it was clear that there was no significant difference between the hospitalization time of the two infant groups under therapy (phenobarbital: 18.59 days versus Levetiracetam 18.24 days) (P-value = 0.512). Also, there was no significant difference between both groups in terms of the frequency of re-hospitalization during the first week after discharge, the occurrence of complications, and third treatment line prescription (P-value = 0.644). Conclusions: Based on the obtained results, like hospitalization duration time (P-value = 0.512) it seems that levetiracetam can be used to substitute phenobarbital in treating neonatal abstinence syndrome. Trial registration: The current study has been registered in the Iran registry of clinical trials website (fa.irct.ir) on the date 25/2/2022 with registration no. IRCT20211218053444N2. ER  - 
Efficacy of Wearable low-intensity pulsed Ultrasound treatment in the Movement disorder in Parkinson’s disease (the SWUMP trial): protocol for a single-site, double-blind, randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a progressive, neurodegenerative illness marked by the loss of dopaminergic neurons, causing motor symptoms. Oral levodopa replacement therapy remains the gold standard in the treatment of PD. It is, nevertheless, a symptomatic treatment. There is currently no effective treatment for PD. Therefore, new therapies for PD are highly desirable. Low-intensity pulsed ultrasound (LIPUS) has been shown to improve behavioral functions in PD animal models. It is a new type of neuromodulation approach that combines noninvasiveness with high spatial precision. The purpose of this study is to establish a new clinical protocol for LIPUS in the treatment of movement disorders in patients with PD. Methods: This protocol is a single-site, prospective, double-blind, randomized controlled trial (RCT). Forty-eight participants with clinically confirmed PD will be randomly allocated to one of two groups: LIPUS group or sham group. All of the participants continue to use pharmacological therapy as a fundamental treatment. The primary outcome is the difference between groups from baseline to 4 months in the change in the Unified Parkinson’s Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) motor score (part III). The secondary outcomes include the rating scales such as the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), and other three rating scales, and medical examinations including high-density electroencephalography (hdEEG) and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). The primary safety outcome will be assessed at 4 months, and adverse events will be recorded. Discussion: This study represents the clinical investigation into the efficacy of therapeutic LIPUS in the treatment of PD for the first time. If LIPUS is determined to be effective, it could offer a practical and innovative means of expanding the accessibility of ultrasound therapy by using a wearable LIPUS device within a home setting. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry ChiCTR2100052093. Registered on 17 October 2021. ER  - 
An observational time-series study on the behavioral effects of adjunctive artisanal cannabidiol use by adults with treatment resistant epilepsies$$$ Background: For approximately 30% of people with epilepsy, seizures are not well-controlled by anti-seizure medication (ASM). This condition, called treatment resistant epilepsy (TRE), is associated with increased morbidity and mortality, and substantially impacts the quality of life of both the individual and their family. Non-responsiveness to ASMs leads many people with TRE to seek alternative therapies, such as cannabinoid-based medication, particularly cannabidiol (CBD), with or without medical or professional advice. This is due in part to widespread reporting in the media about the benefits of CBD for seizures in some forms of epilepsy. Methods: Adults with TRE, opting to add CBD to their existing treatment regime, completed this prospective, observational, longitudinal, quasi-experimental, time-series study. We hypothesized that adjunctive CBD use would positively impact participants’ quality of life and psychological well-being in comparison to a baseline period without CBD use. Participants were followed for a period of approximately six months – for approximately one month of baseline prior to the initiation of CBD use and approximately five months after the initiation of CBD use. Participants provided urine samples and completed behavioral questionnaires that assessed quality of life, anxiety/depression, and adverse events during baseline and at two times during CBD use. Results: Complete case analyses (n = 10) showed a statistically significant improvement in quality of life, a statistically significant decrease in anxiety symptoms, and a statistically significant decrease in the experience of adverse events over time (p < 0.05). Improvements noted in the experience of depression symptoms did not reach statistical significance. Urinalysis revealed the majority of participants had no CBD/metabolites in their system at the beginning of the study, and confirmed the presence of CBD/metabolites in participants’ urine after CBD was added to their treatment regime. Analysis of missing data using multiple imputation supported the findings of the complete case analysis. Interpretation: For a small group of individuals with TRE of varying etiologies, adjunctive use of artisanal CBD was associated with improvements in the behavioral and psychological symptoms of TRE, as well as improved medication tolerability. ER  - 
Pilot study with randomised control of dual site theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for methamphetamine use disorder: a protocol for the TARTAN study$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) (including the theta burst stimulation (TBS) form of TMS used in this study) is a non-invasive means to stimulate nerve cells in superficial areas of the brain. In recent years, there has been a growth in the application of TMS to investigate the modulation of neural networks involved in substance use disorders. This study examines the feasibility of novel TMS protocols for the treatment of methamphetamine (MA) use disorder in an ambulatory drug and alcohol treatment setting. Methods: Thirty participants meeting the criteria for moderate to severe MA use disorder will be recruited in community drug and alcohol treatment settings and randomised to receive active TMS or sham (control) intervention. The treatment is intermittent TBS (iTBS) applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), then continuous TBS (cTBS) to the left orbitofrontal cortex (OFC). Twelve sessions are administered over 4 weeks with opt-in weekly standardized cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) counselling and a neuroimaging sub-study offered to participants. Primary outcomes are feasibility measures including recruitment, retention and acceptability of the intervention. Secondary outcomes include monitoring of safety and preliminary efficacy data including changes in substance use, cravings (cue reactivity) and cognition (response inhibition). Discussion: This study examines shorter TBS protocols of TMS for MA use disorder in real-world drug and alcohol outpatient settings where withdrawal and abstinence from MA, or other substances, are not eligibility requirements. TMS is a relatively affordable treatment and staff of ambulatory health settings can be trained to administer TMS. It is a potentially scalable and translatable treatment for existing drug and alcohol clinical settings. TMS has the potential to provide a much-needed adjuvant treatment to existing psychosocial interventions for MA use disorder. A limitation of this protocol is that the feasibility of follow-up is only examined at the end of treatment (4 weeks). Trial registration: Australia New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry ACTRN12622000762752. Registered on May 27, 2022, and retrospectively registered (first participant enrolled) on May 23, 2022, with protocol version 7 on February 24, 2023. ER  - 
Phenotypic and genetic analysis of children with unexplained neurodevelopmental delay and neurodevelopmental comorbidities in a Chinese cohort using trio-based whole-exome sequencing$$$ Background: Trio-based whole-exome sequencing (trio-WES) enables identification of pathogenic variants, including copy-number variants (CNVs), in children with unexplained neurodevelopmental delay (NDD) and neurodevelopmental comorbidities (NDCs), including autism spectrum disorder (ASD), epilepsy, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Further phenotypic and genetic analysis on trio-WES-tested NDD-NDCs cases may help to identify key phenotypic factors related to higher diagnostic yield of using trio-WES and novel risk genes associated with NDCs in clinical settings. Methods: In this study, we retrospectively performed phenotypic analysis on 163 trio-WES-tested NDD-NDCs children to determine the phenotypic differences between genetically diagnosed and non-genetically diagnosed groups. Additionally, we conducted genetic analysis of ASD genes with the help of Simons Foundation for Autism Research Institute (SFARI) Gene database to identify novel possible ASD-risk genes underlying genetic NDD conditions. Results: Among these 163 patients, pathogenic variants were identified in 82 cases (82/163, 50.3%), including 20 cases with CNVs. By comparing phenotypic variables between genetically diagnosed group (82 cases) and non-genetically diagnosed group (81 cases) with multivariate binary logistic regression analysis, we revealed that NDD-NDCs cases presenting with severe-profound NDD [53/82 vs 17/81, adjusted-OR (95%CI): 4.865 (2.213 – 10.694), adjusted-P < 0.001] or having multiple NDCs [26/82 vs 8/81, adjusted-OR (95%CI): 3.731 (1.399 – 9.950), adjusted-P = 0.009] or accompanying ASD [64/82 vs 35/81, adjusted-OR (95%CI): 3.256 (1.479 – 7.168), adjusted-P = 0.003] and head circumference abnormality [33/82 vs 11/81, adjusted-OR (95%CI): 2.788 (1.148 – 6.774), adjusted-P = 0.024] were more likely to have a genetic diagnosis using trio-WES. Moreover, 37 genes with monogenetic variants were identified in 48 patients genetically diagnosed with NDD-ASD, and 15 dosage-sensitive genes were identified in 16 individuals with NDD-ASD carrying CNVs. Most of those genes had been proven to be ASD-related genes. However, some of them (9 genes) were not proven sufficiently to correlate with ASD. By literature review and constructing protein-protein interaction networks among these 9 candidate ASD-risk genes and 102 established ASD genes obtained from the SFARI Gene database, we identified CUL4B, KCNH1, and PLA2G6 as novel possible ASD-risk genes underlying genetic NDD conditions. Conclusions: Trio-WES testing is recommended for patients with unexplained NDD-NDCs that have severe-profound NDD or multiple NDCs, particularly those with accompanying ASD and head circumference abnormality, as these independent factors may increase the likelihood of genetic diagnosis using trio-WES. Moreover, NDD patients with pathogenic variants in CUL4B, KCNH1 and PLA2G6 should be aware of potential risks of developing ASD during their disease courses. ER  - 
Psychiatric implications of anti-seizure medications in epileptic population$$$ Background and objective: Epilepsy is a prevalent neurological disorder that affects a significant number of individuals globally. This condition is associated with a high occurrence of psychiatric comorbidities, which can significantly affect the quality of life of individuals affected. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between antiseizure therapies and the likelihood of psychiatric comorbidities in individuals with epilepsy. Methodology: Data for this study was gathered from the Neurology referral center in Islamabad, Pakistan. A standardized questionnaire was utilized to gather data from 120 individuals diagnosed with epilepsy. The survey consisted of inquiries regarding the management of seizures, the utilization of anti-seizure medications, and the presence of psychiatric comorbidities. The data was analyzed using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS). Results: The findings indicated that individuals who were using multiple antiseizure medications had a notably higher likelihood of having psychiatric comorbidities in comparison to those who were on mono therapy (p = 0.010). suggests that patients with unsuccessful seizure control are more probable to have psychiatric comorbidities as compared to those with good seizure control (p = 0.029). Conclusion: To conclude poor seizure control and poly therapy are associated with increased risk of psychiatric comorbidities. ER  - 
Post-traumatic stress disorder symptoms among internally displaced persons: unveiling the impact of the war of Tigray$$$ Introduction: Due to the war in Tigray, 2.1 million people (31% of the total population) were internally displaced. Epidemiological evidence shows that the burden of mental health is higher in war/conflict and post-conflict areas of the world compared to non-conflict places, especially for those who have experienced targeted ethnic violence as a result of civil and political unrest. Post-traumatic stress disorder is one of the common psychiatric disorders experienced during war. Thus, this study aimed to assess the level and aggravating factors of PTSD during the war in Tigray. Methods: A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 2132 IDP family heads in Tigray from August 6–30, 2021. Study participants were recruited using a multi-stage sampling technique. Data were collected using a pretested structured questionnaire through face-to-face interviews. The PCL-C checklist, derived from DSM-IV criteria, was used to assess the magnitude of post-traumatic stress disorder. The entered data were exported to the SPSS version 26 statistical package for analysis. Summary statistics were computed, and logistic regression analysis was used to investigate factors associated with developing PTSD. Results: A total of 2071 IDPs were surveyed with a response rate of 99.7%. The survey revealed that the level of PTSD among community-hosted IDPs was 57.7%; 95% CI 55.5%-59.8%. Older age (> 50) (AOR 3.1, 95% CI 1.497–6.421), primary and secondary school attendance (AOR 2.1, 95% CI 1.344–3.279; and 1.697, 95% CI 1.067–2.7) respectively, internally displaced persons with a family size of > 6 members (AOR 1.821, 95% CI 1.124–2.95), disability due to the war (AOR 1.702, 95% CI 1.077–2.69), and loss of contact with family members (AOR 1.472, 95% CI 1.032–2.099) were significantly associated with PTSD. Conclusion: The overall level of PTSD among cIDPs was found to be high (57.7%). Almost every other IDP developed this serious mental health syndrome. Immediate psycho-social health intervention is needed by local and international organizations in collaboration with governmental and non-governmental institutions based on the study's findings. ER  - 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the use of benzodiazepines and benzodiazepine-related drugs in Estonia: an interrupted time-series analysis$$$ Background: The COVID-19 pandemic has posed challenges that worsened people’s mental health. We explored the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the mental well-being of the population, as indicated by the prevalence rates of benzodiazepine and benzodiazepine-related drug (BDZ) use. Methods: This population‐based, time‐series analysis included all prescriptions of BDZs dispensed in Estonia between 2012 and 2021. The monthly prevalence rates of BDZ use were calculated. Autoregressive integrated moving average models with pulse and slope intervention functions tested for temporary and long-term changes in monthly prevalence rates after the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Results: Throughout the 10-year study period, a total of 5,528,911 BDZ prescriptions were dispensed to 397,436 individuals. A significant temporary increase in the overall prevalence rate of BDZ use in March 2020 (2.698 users per 1000, 95% CI 1.408–3.988) was observed, but there was no statistically significant long-term change. This temporary increase affected all the examined subgroups, except for new users, individuals aged 15–29 years, and prescribing specialists other than general practitioners and psychiatrists. The long-term increase in BDZ use was confined to females aged 15–29 years (0.056 users per 1000 per month, 95% CI 0.033–0.079), while no significant change was observed among males of the same age (0.009 users per 1000 per month, 95% CI – 0.017 to 0.035). Among females aged 15–29 years, a significant long-term increase in BDZ use was observed for anxiety disorders (0.017 users per 1000 per month, 95% CI 0.010–0.023), depressive disorders (0.021 users per 1000 per month, 95% CI 0.012–0.030), and other mental and behavioral disorders (0.020 users per 1000 per month, 95% CI 0.010–0.030), but not for sleep disorders (– 0.008 users per 1000 per month, 95% CI – 0.018–0.002). Conclusion: The COVID-19 pandemic led to a short-term increase in BDZ use immediately after the pandemic was declared. In the long term, young females experienced a sustained increase in BDZ use. The prolonged effect on girls and young women suggests their greater vulnerability. These results underscore the need to effectively address the long-term effects of the pandemic among youth. ER  - 
Sleep disturbances are associated with greater healthcare utilization in children with autism spectrum disorder$$$ Background: Sleep disturbances are frequently reported in children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and are associated with the severity of co-occurring symptoms. This study’s aim was to examine the extent of healthcare utilization and clinical outcomes associated with sleep disturbances in children with ASD. Study design: A retrospective, cross-sectional study of 541 children with ASD from the Azrieli National Center for Autism and Neurodevelopment Research (ANCAN) whose parents completed the Children’s Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ). Children with a total CSHQ score ≥ 48 were defined as having sleep disturbances. Sociodemographic characteristics, ASD diagnostic measures, chronic co-occurring conditions, medication usage, hospitalizations, visits to the emergency room (ER), and visits to specialists were compared in ASD children with and without sleep disturbances. Multivariate logistic regression models were then used to assess the independent association of sleep disturbances with clinical characteristics and healthcare utilization. Results: Of the 541 children with ASD, 257 (47.5%) had sleep disturbances. Children with sleep disturbances exhibited higher rates of multiple (≥ 3) co-occurring conditions (19.1% vs. 12.7%; p = 0.0414) and prescribed medications (45.5% vs. 32.7%; p = 0.0031) than other children. Finally, ASD children with sleep disturbances were 1.72 and 2.71 times more likely to visit the ER and be hospitalized than their counterparts (aOR = 1.72; 99%CI = 1.01–2.95; and aOR = 2.71; 99%CI = 1.10–6.67, respectively). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that sleep disturbances are associated with greater healthcare utilization among children with ASD. Further studies could examine whether treating sleep disturbances in children with ASD yields additional clinical benefits beyond improvements in sleep. ER  - 
Comparative analysis of dexmedetomidine, midazolam, and propofol impact on epilepsy-related mortality in the ICU: insights from the MIMIC-IV database$$$ Background: Dexmedetomidine (Dex), midazolam, and propofol are three distinct sedatives characterized by varying pharmacological properties. Previous literature has indicated the positive impact of each of these sedatives on ICU patients. However, there is a scarcity of clinical evidence comparing the efficacy of Dex, midazolam, and propofol in reducing mortality among people with epilepsy (PWE). This study aimed to assess the impact of Dex, midazolam, and propofol on the survival of PWE. Methods: The data were retrospectively retrieved from the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care (MIMIC)-IV database (version 2.0). PWE were categorized into Dex, midazolam, and propofol groups based on the intravenously administered sedatives. PWE without standard drug therapy were included in the control group. Comparative analyses were performed on the data among the groups. Results: The Dex group exhibited a significantly lower proportion of in-hospital deaths and a markedly higher in-hospital survival time compared to the midazolam and propofol groups (p < 0.01) after propensity score matching. Kaplan-Meier curves demonstrated a significant improvement in survival rates for the Dex group compared to the control group (p = 0.025). Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) revealed no significant differences in survival rates among the Dex, midazolam, and propofol groups (F = 1.949, p = 0.143). The nomogram indicated that compared to midazolam and propofol groups, Dex was more effective in improving the survival rate of PWE. Conclusion: Dex might improve the survival rate of PWE in the ICU compared to no standard drug intervention. However, Dex did not exhibit superiority in improving survival rates compared to midazolam and propofol. ER  - 
Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation to acutely reduce emotional vulnerability and improve emotional regulation in borderline personality disorder (tVNS-BPD): study protocol for a randomized, single-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is considered a disorder of emotion regulation resulting from the expression of a biologically determined emotional vulnerability (that is, heightened sensitivity to emotion, increased emotional intensity/reactivity, and a slow return to emotional baseline) combined with exposure to invalidating environments. Vagal tone has been associated with activity in cortical regions involved in emotion regulation and a lower resting state of vagal tone has been observed in BPD patients relative to healthy controls. Non-invasive transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) has been shown to reduce temper outbursts in adults with Prader-Willi Syndrome, to enhance recognition of emotions in healthy students, and to improve depressive and anxiety symptoms. Furthermore, a single session of taVNS has been shown to acutely alter the recognition of facial expressions of negative valence in adolescents with MDD and increase emotion recognition in controls. However, the effect of taVNS on emotional vulnerability and regulation in individuals diagnosed with BPD has not been investigated. Our aims are to determine if taVNS is effective in acutely reducing emotional vulnerability and improve emotional regulation in BPD patients. Methods: Forty-two patients will be randomized to a single session of taVNS or sham-taVNS while going through an affect induction procedure. It will consist of the presentation of one neutral and three negative affect-evoking 4-min-long videos in sequence, each of which is followed by a 4-min post-induction period during which participants will rate the quality and intensity of their current self-reported emotions (post-induction ratings) and the perceived effectiveness in managing their emotions during the video presentation. The rating of the current self-reported emotions will be repeated after every post-induction period (recovery ratings). Mixed models with individuals as random effect will be used to investigate the ratings at each stage of the study, taking into account the repeated measures of the same individuals at baseline, pre-induction, post-induction, and recovery. Discussion: The study has potential to yield new insights into the role of vagal tone in emotion dysregulation in BPD and offer preliminary data on the effectiveness of taVNS as a possible non-invasive brain stimulation to treat a core symptom of BPD. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05892900. Retrospectively registered on Jun 07, 2023. ER  - 
Disease-modifying therapies as positive predictors of quality of life for Sudanese patients with multiple sclerosis: a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is an immune-mediated, neurodegenerative disease with devastating, disabling, and negative impacts on the patients’ quality of life (QoL). Although MS was not known in Sudan, it seems to be rising in recent years. This is a cross-sectional, hospital-based study aimed at assessing the impact of MS medications on patients’ QoL in neurology clinics in Khartoum City. Sixty-four patients diagnosed with MS were recruited. SF-36 questionnaire was used to assess the patients’ QoL. Data were collected from patients’ records in addition to the hand-delivered questionnaire. Data were analyzed using ANOVA test and logistic regression; p ≤ 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: The majority of patients were females from north Sudan (92.2%). The mean age was 28.2 ± 6.5. Relapsing–remitting was the most diagnosed MS type (65.6%). Fatigue and urinary incontinence were the most observed symptoms. All patients had vitamin D deficiency (5–20 ng/ml). Disease-modifying therapies (DMTs) were prescribed to 37.5% of patients. The overall mean QoL was 53.9 ± 14.7 with fair physical and mental health (51.8 ± 19.2 and 57.0 ± 10.9, respectively). Patients on DMTs showed a significantly good QoL compared to azathioprine (p ≤ 0.01), corticosteroids (p ≤ 0.01.), and no medications (p ≤ 001). Azathioprine (OR = 0.12; p ≤ 0.05), corticosteroids (OR = 0.14; p ≤ 0.05) and no treatment (OR = 0.01; p ≤ 0.001) negatively affected MS patients’ QoL when compared to DMTs. Vitamin D supplementation was significantly (p ≤ 0.01) associated with good QoL. Conclusions: MS was prominent in young females’ descendants of Sudanese northern tribes. DMTs improve the devastating effect of MS on patients’ QoL, and vitamin D supplementation was significantly associated with good QoL of MS patients. ER  - 
Children with ADHD and EEG abnormalities at baseline assessment, risk of epileptic seizures and maintenance on methylphenidate three years later$$$ Purpose: This study aimed to assess the incidence of EEG abnormalities (EEG-ab) in children diagnosed with ADHD, investigate the risk of epileptic seizures (SZ) and maintenance on methylphenidate (MPH) over a three-year period. Methods: A total of 517 ADHD children aged 6–14 years were included. Baseline assessments included the identification of EEG-ab, ADHD inattentive subtype (ADHD-I), comorbid epilepsy, the use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and the use of MPH. At the 3-year follow-up, assessments included the presence of EEG-ab, maintenance on MPH, AED usage, SZ risk in cases with EEG-epileptiform abnormalities (EEG-epi-ab), compared with control ADHD cases without EEG-epi-ab matched for age and gender. Results: EEG-ab were identified in 273 (52.8%) cases. No statistically significant differences were observed between the EEG-ab and EEG-non-ab groups in terms of age, gender, ADHD-I type or initial use of MPH. EEG non-epileptiform abnormalities (EEG-non-epi-ab) were found in 234 out of 478 (49%) cases without EEG-epi-ab. Notably, EEG-non-epi-ab occurred more frequently in the group of 39 cases with EEG-epi-ab (30/39 (76.9%) vs. 9/39, (21.3%), a subset selected for 3-year follow-up. At 3-year-follow-up no statistically significant difference was found in maintenance on MPH in ADHD cases with and without EEG-epi-ab. Nobody of ADHD cases without comorbid epilepsy or with comorbid epilepsy with achieved SZ freedom developed new SZ. Only 3 children with drug resistant epilepsy experienced SZs, without increase in SZ frequency. The disappearance rate of EEG-epi-ab was higher than that EEG-non-epi-ab (71.8% vs. 33.3%). Conclusions: Children with and without EEG-ab exhibited similar patterns of MPH use (initial use, positive response, and maintenance on MPH). The presence of comorbid epilepsy and EEG-ab, with or without EEG-epi-ab, was not associated with an increased risk of SZ despite the use of MPH. ER  - 
Trends and off-label utilization of antipsychotics in children and adolescents from 2016 to 2021 in China: a real-world study$$$ Background: Global antipsychotic usage, including off-label prescriptions, has increased in recent decades. However, trends in China, particularly for children and adolescents, remain unclear. This study explored these trends from 2016 to 2021 and identified factors associated with off-label prescriptions. Methods: In this retrospective study, we analyzed on-label and off-label prescriptions based on drug information approved by the China National Medical Products Administration. To identify factors associated with off-label prescriptions, we conducted multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results: Our study included 48,258 antipsychotic prescriptions, 52.4% (25,295) of which were prescriptions for males. Of these, 61.7% (29,813) were off-label. Over time, the number of antipsychotics and the percentage of off-label prescriptions for children and adolescents overall increased from 2016 to 2021. The use of atypical antipsychotics increased, whereas that of typical antipsychotics decreased. For off-label usage, all of the factors in our study were associated with off-label usage, including age, sex, year, region, department, reimbursement, antipsychotic type, drug expense, number of polypharmacy and diagnoses. Additionally, tiapride (15.8%) and aripiprazole (18.6%) were the most common typical and atypical antipsychotics, respectively. For pediatric diseases, common diagnoses included mood or affective disorders (31.7%) and behavioral and emotional disorders, with onset usually occurring in childhood and adolescence (29.1%). Furthermore, a depressive state was the most common diagnosis for which antipsychotic polypharmacy was used for treatment. Conclusion: In this retrospective study, off-label antipsychotic prescriptions were common, with trends generally increasing among children and adolescents from 2016 to 2021. However, there is a lack of evidence supporting off-label usage, thus emphasizing the need for studies on the efficacy and safety of these treatments. ER  - 
Risk factors and predictors of recurrence of febrile seizures in children in Nantong, China: a retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Although most children with febrile seizures (FS) have a favorable prognosis, some experience recurrence within 1–3 years. Age, peak temperature, and family history are now recognized as important risk factors for FS recurrence, yet studies in this area are lacking in China. This study aimed to investigate the risk factors for FS recurrence in children in Nantong, China, and to develop a prediction model. Methods: This retrospective cohort study analyzed 463 children diagnosed with febrile seizures (FS) who presented to the Affiliated Hospital of Nantong University between January 2015 and June 2020. Basic information, disease characteristics, and laboratory and imaging data were collected. A follow-up survey was conducted one year post-discharge to assess the recurrence status of FS in children. Univariate logistic regression and random forest models were used to identify and rank the predictive ability of risk factors for recurrence. Results: Of the 463 children with FS, 70 experienced recurrences within 1 year of discharge, resulting in a one-year recurrence rate of 15%. Age (OR = 0.61, 95% CI: 0.46, 0.80, P < 0.001), duration of the first episode (OR = 1.03, 95% CI: 1.00, 1.06, P = 0.040), and peak temperature (OR = 0.68, 95% CI: 0.47, 0.98, P = 0.036) were identified as independent risk factors for FS recurrence. Age had the highest relative importance in predicting FS recurrence, followed by the duration of the first episode, with an area under the ROC curve of 0.717. Conclusion: Young age and duration of the first seizure are important independent risk factors for FS recurrence and are key considerations for predicting recurrence. Further research is needed to confirm the potential use of Neutrophil–lymphocyte ratio (NLR) as a predictor of FS recurrence. ER  - 
An elderly case of paraneoplastic anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis associated with large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma of the lung$$$ Background: Recent studies have suggested that N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors are involved in the cell proliferation in several tumors. However, there have been no reports demonstrating the expression of NR1 subunit of the NMDA receptor in large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma (LCNEC). Case presentation: Here, we report the first elderly case of paraneoplastic anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis associated with LCNEC of the lung with NR1 expression. Of note, NR1 subunit expression in the tumor cells of the present case was confirmed by immunohistochemistry (IHC). Radiation therapy and immunotherapies, such as corticosteroids and intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG), shrank the tumors and improved neurological symptoms in the present case. Additionally, we also confirmed the expression of NR1 in the tumor cells obtained from three other cases with LCNEC of the lung at our hospital by IHC. Conclusion: Our IHC results indicate that LCNEC generally expresses NR1 subunit and NMDA receptor may be involved in the tumor development and growth. ER  - 
Diagnostic pattern of mental, neurological and substance use disorders at primary health care facilities in Uganda$$$ Integration of diagnosis and treatment for mental, neurological, and substance use (MNS) disorders into primary health care is a recommended strategy to improve access to services in low-and middle-income countries. Despite numerous initiatives for integration of mental health care in Uganda, there has not been an evaluation of health management information system (HMIS) records to determine whether MNS disorders are routinely diagnosed. We sought to determine diagnostic pattern of MNS disorders at primary health facilities in Wakiso and Kampala districts, the most populous regions of Uganda. Lower-level primary health facilities were visited to obtain records from HMIS registers, to document diagnoses of MNS disorders. Secondary data analysis was conducted and descriptive statistics reported. A total of 40 primary health care facilities were visited representing 58.6% of the health facilities in the study districts. More than half (54.8%) and almost all (87.5%) of the lower-level health facilities in Wakiso district and Kampala district respectively were visited. The proportion of MNS disorders diagnosed at lower-level primary health facilities in Uganda is very low with Epilepsy the most common MNS diagnosis recorded. Reasons for such low numbers of diagnoses at primary health facilities are discussed as are possible solutions. ER  - 
Knowledge, attitudes, and practices of caregivers with children diagnosed with epilepsy attending a pediatric outpatient clinic: a descriptive, cross-sectional, questionnaire-based study in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia$$$ Background: Caregivers’ knowledge and attitudes influence help-seeking behavior and treatment decisions of patients with epilepsy, which in turn significantly impacts epilepsy care. In Ethiopia, epilepsy is often misunderstood, associated with misconceptions and accompanied by persistent negative attitudes. The objective of this study is to assess the knowledge, attitude, and practice of caregivers of children with epilepsy. Methods: We conducted a hospital-based survey at the Yekatit 12 Hospital Pediatric Neurology Clinic, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, between May and July 2022. We invited caregivers of children with epilepsy taking one or more daily anti-seizure medications to participate. Caregivers were invited to complete a structured questionnaire with guidance from a trained nurse to estimate knowledge and attitudes towards epilepsy and its treatment. Knowledge and attitudes were categorized as “good” and “favorable” (correct answers to ≥ 50% of questions) or “bad” and “unfavorable” (< 50% correct answers), respectively. Attitudes towards standard care versus non-standard (e.g., spiritual) care were also estimated. Results: A total of 120 caregivers completed the questionnaire. Many caregivers were familiar with the term ‘epilepsy’, with more than half (51.7%) having heard or read about it previously. The reported causes of epilepsy varied, with birth injury being the most common cause (44 out of 120 caregivers). Notably, there was association between the caregiver’s gender and their knowledge score, with a p-value = 0.05. Caregivers exposed to information about epilepsy through hearing or reading demonstrated significantly higher levels of knowledge, with a p-value < 0.001. Additionally, knowing someone with epilepsy other than the index child was significantly associated with higher knowledge scores (p-value < 0.001). The study also revealed negative attitudes toward epilepsy: for example, 56.7% of surveyed caregivers believed it is unlikely that a child with epilepsy has normal cognitive abilities and 39.1% believed they should never be allowed to attend regular school. Additionally, a high proportion of caregivers (70%) sought alternative treatments (e.g., spiritual help) alongside standard medical care. Conclusions: A significant knowledge gap was identified among caregivers, revealing prevalent misconceptions and negative attitudes. Improving epilepsy awareness, attitudes, and practices among caregivers will potentially contribute to overall improved quality of life for children with epilepsy. ER  - 
High incidence of cerebrovascular lesions on magnetic resonance imaging in pediatric COVID-19 during omicron outbreak – A retrospective case series$$$ Background: The incidence of pediatric hospitalizations has significantly increased since the spread of the omicron variant of COVID-19. Changes of characteristics in respiratory and neurological symptoms have been reported. We performed a retrospective, cross-sectional study to characterize the MRI change in children with an emphasis on the change of cerebral vasculatures. Methods: We retrospectively collected clinical and MRI data of 31 pediatric patients with neurological symptoms during the acute infection and abnormalities on MRI during the outbreak of omicron variant from April 2022 to June 2022 in Taiwan. The clinical manifestations and MRI abnormalities were collected and proportion of patients with vascular abnormalities was calculated. Results: Among 31 pediatric patients with post-COVID-19 neurological symptoms, MRI abnormalities were observed in 15 (48.4%), predominantly encephalitis/encephalopathy (73.3%). Notable MRI findings included focal diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) hyperintensity in cerebral cortex and thalamus, diffuse cortical T2/DWI hyperintensity, and lesions in the medulla, pons, cerebellum, and splenium of corpus callosum. Vascular abnormalities were seen in 12 (80%) patients with MRI abnormalities, mainly affecting the middle cerebral arteries. The spectrum of neurological manifestations ranged from seizures to Alice in Wonderland syndrome, underscoring the diverse impact of COVID-19 on pediatric patients. Conclusion: A high proportion of vascular abnormalities was observed in pediatric patients with neurological involvements, suggesting that vascular involvement is an important mechanism of neurological manifestations in omicron variant infection. ER  - 
Sleep, cognitive functions, behavioral, and emotional disturbance in self-limited focal childhood epilepsies$$$ Background: Self-limited focal epilepsies of childhood, including self-limited epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (SeLECTS), idiopathic childhood occipital epilepsy of Gastaut (ICOE-G), and self-limited epilepsy with autonomic seizures (SeLEAS), were considered benign conditions. However, recent research assumed potential adverse impacts on sleep, cognition, behavior, and emotional well-being. Our aim was to investigate the effects of self-limited focal epilepsies on sleep architecture, cognitive functions, behavior, and emotional disturbances in drug naive children. A cross-sectional study was conducted on 46 newly diagnosed children (ages 6–12) with SeLECTS (n = 22), ICOE-G (n = 12), SeLEAS (n = 12), and 20 healthy controls. Overnight polysomnography was performed. Cognitive assessments included intelligence scales, executive function tests, verbal fluency, visuospatial abilities, and memory. Behavioral and emotional problems were evaluated using standardized questionnaires and psychiatric interviews. Results: Children with epilepsy exhibited significant disturbances in sleep architecture, impairments in cognitive domains (executive functions, verbal fluency, visuospatial skills, and memory), and higher rates of internalizing/externalizing problems, social issues, attention deficit hyperactive disorder, depression, and anxiety compared to controls. No significant differences were found among the three epilepsy subtypes. Conclusion: Self-limited focal epilepsies in childhood are associated with sleep disruption, cognitive deficits, behavioral issues, and psychiatric comorbidities, challenging their traditional "benign" perception. Comprehensive management approaches addressing these multidimensional impacts are warranted. ER  - 
Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the care of people with epilepsy and predictors of epilepsy worsening: Aswan/upper Egypt hospital-based study$$$ Background: During the Coronavirus disease pandemic “COVID-19”, epilepsy was one of many chronic neurological diseases in which treatment was neglected. This study aimed to evaluate the impact of the pandemic on people with epilepsy and identify potential predictors of seizure worsening through a face-to-face hospital survey. During the study period, 245 participants were recruited: 124 people with epilepsy (PwE) and 121 people without epilepsy (PwoE) age and sex-matched. Both groups were compared using sociodemographic COVID-19-related questionnaires and Hamilton Anxiety and Depression scales. PwE also completed epilepsy-specific questionnaires. Subsequently, we subdivided the PwE group into people with worsening epilepsy (WPwE) and those without (NWPwE). Results: Compared with PwoE, PwE had significantly higher rates of COVID-19 infection (59.7% versus 41.3%, p = 0.004), and 69.4% of them (86/124) reported WPwE. WPwE had significantly higher rates of COVID-19 infection (75.6% versus. 23.7%, p < 0.0001), emergency room visits (69.8% versus 42.1%, p = 0.004), delayed neurology appointments (69.8% versus 42.1%, p = 0.004), and difficulties accessing medication (69.8% versus 47.4%, p = 0.02) and being less likely to be vaccinated (39.5% versus 68.4%, p = 0.003) than NWPwE. Depression and anxiety rates increased significantly during the pandemic compared with prior pandemics in both PwE and PwoE (p < 0.0001 for each). Moreover, the WPwE showed a significant increase in depression rates (33.7–60.5%, p < 0.0001) and higher mean anxiety scores compared to the NWPwE (p = 0.029). A multivariate binary logistic regression analysis showed that having a COVID-19 infection (AOR: 12.086, p < 0.0001), being laid off (AOR: 0.024, p = 0.001), or having more seizures before the pandemic (AOR: 3.366, p = 0.009) were all strong predictors of seizures getting worse. Conclusions: Nearly 69% of PwE experienced pandemic-related seizures worsening, along with deterioration of mental health. Factors such as personal COVID-19 infection, unemployment, work interruption, and higher pre-COVID seizure frequency were identified as key predictors of seizure worsening. Mitigating these predictors could strengthen resilience among PwE during future widespread crises. Trial registration clinicaltrials.gov, NCT05205590. Registered on October 25, 2021—Retrospectively registered, https://classic.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT05205590 ER  - 
Opinions and experience of neurologists and neurology trainees in Saudi Arabia on functional neurological disorders: a survey based study$$$ Background: Functional Neurological Disorder (FND) is commonly encountered in clinical practice, causing functional impairment and poor quality of life. As there is limited data from Saudi Arabia, our study aims to explore the experience and opinions of Saudi neurologists and neurology trainees regarding FND. Methods: In our cross-sectional observational study, we included 100 neurology consultants and trainees. Data was collected using an online questionnaire from March to August 2023. Results: A total of one hundred neurologists participated in the survey. Although 41% of physicians encountered FND patients on a weekly basis or more frequently, only 41.7% of trainees reported receiving dedicated lectures on FND. Furthermore, only 46% of respondents felt comfortable providing a clear explanation of the FND diagnosis to their patients. While the majority (64%) used the term “Functional Neurological Disorder” in medical documentation, only 43% used this term when communicating the diagnosis to patients, with the terminology varying widely. Clinicians emphasized that inconsistent and variable neurological examinations were key indicators raising diagnostic suspicion, which aligns with the recommended reliance on detailed clinical history and neurological examination. Lastly, 61% of physicians stated that their approach to patients with FND lacked a structured management plan. Conclusion: Our study findings emphasize that FND is commonly encountered in clinical practice and reveal a significant lack of targeted education on FND for neurology trainees. Enhancing educational programs for both trainees and practicing neurologists on this prevalent neurological condition is essential for improving patient care and outcomes. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations of hospitalized patients with coronavirus disease 2019 during the second wave in Egypt$$$ Background: Studies suggested that COVID-19 virus causes neurological and psychiatric manifestations with different mechanisms. However, prevalence of neurological and psychiatric manifestations among COVID-19 patients varies across studies from 18.1%: 82.3%. The objective of this study was to determine neuropsychiatric manifestations in a sample of Egyptian COVID-19 hospitalized patients during the second wave of the pandemic and to detect factors affecting neurological and psychiatric prevalence. This cross-sectional study was conducted at Ain Shams university isolation hospitals and included 110 hospitalized COVID-19 patients, over a 2-month period from June 2021 to August 2021. Patients underwent a careful history taking, full neurological examination including Mini-Mental State Examination, the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV (SCID I), COVID-19 severity criteria. Any available imaging and laboratory tests were recorded. Results: 83 (75.5%) patients had neurological manifestations. The most common neurological manifestations were headache (50.9%), hypogeusia (24.5%), hyposmia, paresthesia (23.6% each) and coma (15.5%). After exclusion of 17 patients who could not be examined by Mini-Mental State Examination, psychiatric manifestations were seen in 56 patients (61.5%) out of the remaining 91 patients. The most prevalent psychiatric disorders were delirium (30.8%), depression (19%), and adjustment disorder (17.5%). Moreover, hypertension, COVID-19 severity, place of admission, and high levels of LDH and ALT affected neurological manifestations prevalence. Conclusions: COVID-19 infection and its immune reaction along with its social and psychological effects have a great impact on mental and physical health. Hence, neuropsychiatric evaluation cannot be ignored in any case with COVID-19 infection. ER  - 
Antipsychotic medication in people with intellectual disability and schizophrenia: A 25-year updated systematic review and cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: To determine the efficacy and safety of antipsychotic medication for treating individuals with a dual diagnosis of intellectual disability (ID) and schizophrenia. Methods: We systematically reviewed the literature to explore the risks and benefits of antipsychotics for schizophrenia in ID. In addition, a cross-sectional retrospective study on the tolerance profiles of a representative ID and schizophrenia cohort was conducted. Results: From the systematic search, we retained 18 articles detailing information on 24 cases. In almost all cases, the antipsychotic improved psychotic symptoms (e.g., hallucinations, delusions, disorganization). Negative manifestations were also improved (blunted affects, amotivation, poor rapport), as were challenging behaviors in a few cases. The most commonly reported side effects were neurological (extra-pyramidal, movement disorder, epilepsy) and metabolic manifestations. In the retrospective cross-sectional study, we reported data on 112 participants with comorbid ID and schizophrenia. In all, 103 participants were antipsychotic-treated, of which 39% were on antipsychotic monotherapy. Of these, 35% were in the obesity range, 25% in the hyperglycemic range, and 25% in the dyslipidemia range. The body mass index did not differ between the groups. Conclusions: This study provides an initial evidence base underpinning the efficacy of antipsychotic drugs on schizophrenia in the ID population. Nevertheless, there may be an increased risk of metabolic side effects, hence, close monitoring of blood glucose, lipids, and weight should be implemented when prescribing antipsychotics to this population. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric comorbidities in adult patients with new-onset epilepsy$$$ Background: Neuropsychiatric comorbidities in adult patients with new-onset epilepsy in our university hospitals has not been assessed, so the purpose of this study was to identify the neuropsychiatric comorbidities in adult patients with new onset epilepsy in our university hospitals. We recruited one hundred patients, assessed them clinically, radiologically, electrophysiologically, and we performed Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale Fourth Edition (WAIS-IV), Liverpool Seizure Severity Scale (LSSS), Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7-item (GAD-7) scale, Beck’s Depression Inventory II (BDI II) and Quality of Life In Epilepsy-10 Questionnaire (QOLIE-10) to assess cognitive function, seizure severity, anxiety, depression, and quality of life of the patients, respectively. Results: Older adult age group had higher LSSS than other groups. Middle-aged adults’ group had higher WAIS-IV full scale Intelligence Quotient (IQ) score and lower GAD-7 scale scores than other age groups. Patients regularly on more than one anti-seizure medication had lower IQ results, more seizure severity, depression, anxiety and worse quality of life than those on monotherapy. Males had slightly higher IQ scores. Patients with moderate and severe BDI-II score had significantly higher rate of uncontrolled seizures, higher seizures’ frequency, more abnormal EEG and were regularly on valproate at significantly higher rates as compared to those with minimal BDI-II score. Patients with moderate anxiety were significantly older than those with normal and severe anxiety. Patients with severe anxiety had higher rate of family history of epilepsy, higher rates of uncontrolled seizures and higher seizures’ frequency as compared to those with mild and moderate anxiety. Patients with mild, moderate, and severe score on GAD-7 had more abnormal EEG as compared to those with normal GAD-7 score. Patients with severe and very severe seizures had significantly higher levels of anxiety, depression and impaired quality of life than those with mild and moderate seizure severity. Conclusions: Most patients with epilepsy had psychiatric comorbidities such as depression and anxiety which strongly reduce their quality of life and interfere with their compliance to anti-seizure medication. Males had slightly higher Intelligence Quotient (IQ) scores on WAIS-IV. Moreover, patients regularly taking more than one anti-seizure medication had a statistically significantly lower IQ score, more seizure severity, higher Beckʼs depression inventory II score, higher generalized anxiety disorder 7-item scale score, and worse quality of life than those on monotherapy. ER  - 
The benefits of ventriculoperitoneal shunting in normal pressure hydrocephalus patients—a follow-up of three years$$$ Objective: The ventriculoperitoneal shunt (VPS) is an established approach in treating normal pressure hydrocephalus (NPH). This study aims to examine the long-term effects of VPS regarding clinical and radiological outcomes, to explore interdependencies with comorbidities and medication, and to determine a suitable opening pressure of the programmable valve. Methods: 127 patients with VPS were retrospectively evaluated. The Hakim triad along with Evans index (EI) and callosal angle (CA) were examined preoperatively and postoperatively at various time points up to over thirty-six months. Preexisting comorbidities and medication were considered. Adjustments to valve settings were documented along with symptom development and complications. Wilcoxon and paired-sample t-tests were used to analyze postoperative change. Chi-square, Eta-squared, and Pearson coefficients were used in correlation analyses. Results: Relief from individual symptoms was most prominent within the first 6 months (p < 0.01). EI and CA significantly decreased and increased, respectively (p < 0.05). Postoperative clinical and radiological improvement was largely maintained over the follow-up period. Diabetes mellitus and apoplexy correlated with surgical outcomes (p < 0.05). The median opening pressure as a function of overall symptom management was determined to be 120 mmH2O for women and 140 mmH2O for men. Conclusion: VPS is effective in treating NPH with respect to both clinical and radiological outcomes, although these two components are independent of each other. Improvement is most pronounced in short-term and maintained in the long-term. Comorbidities have significant influence on the course of NPH. The valve setting does not forecast change in radiological findings; consequently, priority should be placed on the patient’s clinical condition. ER  - 
Observational cohort study of 100 patients presenting with functional visual loss: clinical characteristics and comparison with other functional neurologic disorders$$$ Objective: Recent research has helped to develop a more detailed understanding of many functional neurologic disorders. The aim of this study was to increase our knowledge of functional visual loss and to compare the findings with those of other functional syndromes. Design: Prospective and retrospective observational cohort study. Methods: This study took place at neuro-ophthalmology clinics at 3 major hospitals in London, United Kingdom, over a 12-month period. The study population consisted of 157 participants, 100 with functional visual loss, 21 pathologic control subjects with organic visual loss, and 36 healthy nonpathologic control subjects. All participants had their diagnosis confirmed with a full neuro-ophthalmic examination, neuroimaging, and visual electrophysiology. A full assessment of all participants’ medical history was obtained from their general practitioner, and all participants completed a series of questionnaires assessing relevant associations. Results: Data were obtained on 157 participants, 100 with functional visual loss, 21 pathologic control subjects with organic visual loss, and 36 healthy nonpathologic control subjects. Participants with functional visual loss were typically female (74%) with a mean age at vision loss of 40.0 ± 16 years. Sixty-four percent of participants had bilateral vision loss; the remainder, unilateral loss. Twenty-six percent of the total cohort had organic visual loss with functional overlay. Fifty percent of participants with functional visual loss had a preexisting psychiatric diagnosis, the most common being a depressive disorder. Sixty-two percent of participants had an ocular history, and 87% had a previously diagnosed medical illness, most commonly neurologic (45%). Thirty-five percent of participants self-reported at least 1 additional functional symptom. Conclusions: Our population of functional visual loss subjects shares many similarities with the majority of patients with other functional neurologic disorders. They are generally young and female and have a greater than expected rate of psychiatric, medical, and coexisting ocular conditions. We found increased rates of precipitating stressors, clinical depression, and organic eye problems in subjects with functional visual loss. ER  - 
Quality of life, depression and anxiety in cerebral amyloid angiopathy: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background and Purpose: Data on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and mood in cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA), a disease characterized by stroke and cognitive decline, are limited. We aimed to investigate the impacted domains of life, value-based HRQoL and the prevalence of depression and anxiety in patients with CAA. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study of patients with sporadic (s)CAA, lobar dominant mixed CAA and hypertensive arteriopathy (mixed CAA-HTA), or Dutch-type hereditary (D-)CAA, from prospective outpatient clinic cohorts. Participants completed four questionnaires: the EuroQoL 5 dimensions 5-level questionnaire (EQ-5D-5L; EQ-VAS for visual analogue scale; EQ-Index for index rating), the Short-Form 36 questionnaire (SF-36), the Center for Epidemiologic Studies—Depression scale (CES-D), and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS; -D for depression and -A for anxiety subscales). The EQ-5D-5L assesses the domains mobility, self-care, usual activities, pain/discomfort and anxiety/depression. The SF-36 domains are physical functioning, social functioning, physical role limitations, emotional role limitations, mental health, vitality, bodily pain, and general health perceptions. We compared age- and sex- adjusted HRQoL (SF-36 domain scores; EQ-VAS; EQ-Index) to the Dutch normative population, and estimated the prevalences of current depression (either: history of depression or current use of antidepressants, with high score on CES-D [≥16] and/or HADS-D [≥8]; or high score on both depression questionnaires) and anxiety (HADS-A ≥ 8). Results: We included 179 patients: 77 with sCAA (mean age: 72 years, women: 36%), 31 with mixed CAA-HTA (68 years, women: 29%), and 71 with D-CAA (56 years, women: 52%, symptomatic: 35 [49%]). The SF-36 profiles of all patient groups were similar, negatively differing from the norm in emotional role functioning, social functioning and vitality. The EQ-VAS score of patients (mean [SD] sCAA: 76 [16], D-CAA: 77 [15]) was similar to the norm, as was the EQ-Index score. Fifteen patients with sCAA (23%; 95% confidence interval [CI] 13%–33%), seven with mixed CAA-HTA (27%; 95% CI 10%–44%) and eight with D-CAA (14%; 95% CI 5%–22%) were noted as having depression. The prevalences of anxiety and depression were equivalent. Conclusions: We found that CAA influenced emotional role functioning and aspects linked to social engagement consistently across its subtypes. One quarter of patients exhibited depressive or anxiety symptoms. Recognizing these impacted domains could enhance overall well-being. ER  - 
Longitudinal follow up of a phase 2 trial of venetoclax added to hyper-CVAD, nelarabine and pegylated asparaginase in patients with T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and lymphoma$$$ Optimal frontline use of active agents in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma (T-ALL/LBL) is prudent to improve outcomes. We report the long-term follow-up of the phase 2 trial of HyperCVAD with nelarabine and pegylated asparaginase (Original cohort). In the latest protocol iteration venetoclax was added to the induction/consolidation regimen (Venetoclax cohort). Eligible patients were adults with untreated T-ALL/LBL or after minimal therapy and with adequate organ function. Primary endpoint of this analysis was improvement in 2-year progression free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) with venetoclax. From Aug 2007 to Dec 2024, 145 patients, at a median age of 35.4 years, were treated; 46 (33.8%) were in the venetoclax cohort. At median follow-up (mFU) of 62.4 months, 5-year PFS, duration of response (DOR), and OS were 63.7%, 72.0% and 66.2% respectively. In the venetoclax cohort (mFU 24.4 months) 2-year PFS (87.9% versus 64.1%, p = 0.03) and 2-year DOR (93.6% versus 69.2%, p = 0.005) were superior to the original cohort (mFU 89.4 months) and 2-year OS appeared better (87.8% versus 73.9%, p = 0.16). Febrile neutropenia was the most common serious adverse event, seen in 60% patients. The addition of venetoclax to HyperCVAD-nelarabine-pegylated asparaginase was tolerable and led to improvement in DOR and PFS. ER  - 
Effect of tDCS combined with virtual reality for post-stroke cognitive impairment: a randomized controlled trial study protocol$$$ Background: Post-stroke cognitive impairment (PSCI) not only increases patient mortality and disability, but also adversely affects motor function and the ability to perform routine daily activities. Current therapeutic approaches for, PSCI lack specificity, primarily relying on and medication and traditional cognitive therapy supplemented by a limited array of tools. Both transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and virtual reality (VR) training have demonstrated efficacy in improving cognitive performance among PSCI patients. Previous findings across various conditions suggest that implementing a therapeutic protocol combining tDCS and VR (tDCS - VR) may yield superior in isolation. Despite this, to our knowledge, no clinical investigation combining tDCS and VR for PSCI rehabilitation has been conducted. Thus, the purpose of this study is to explore the effects of tDCS - VR on PSCI rehabilitation. Methods: This 4-week, single-center randomized clinical trial protocol will recruit 200 patients who were randomly assigned to one of four groups: Group A (tDCS + VR), Group B (tDCS + sham VR), Group C (sham tDCS + VR), Group D (sham tDCS + sham VR). All four groups will receive conventional cognitive rehabilitation training. The primary outcome measurement utilizes the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE). Secondary outcome measures include the Montreal Cognitive Assessment, Frontal Assessment Battery, Clock Drawing Test, Digital Span Test, Logic Memory Test, and Modified Barthel Index. Additionally, S-YYZ-01 apparatus for diagnosis and treating language disorders assesses subjects’ speech function. Pre- and post-four-week intervention assessments are conducted for all outcome measures. Functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) is employed to observe changes in oxygenated hemoglobin (HbO), deoxy-hemoglobin (HbR), and total hemoglobin (HbT) in the cerebral cortex. Discussion: Our hypothesis posits that the tDCS - VR therapy, in opposed to individual tDCS or VR interventions, could enhance cognitive function, speech ability and daily living skills in PSCI patients while concurrently augmenting frontal cortical activity. This randomized study aims to provide a robust theoretical foundation supported by scientific evidence for the practical implementation of the tDCS - VR combination as a secure and efficient PSCI rehabilitation approach. Trial registration: Chictr.org.cn Identifier: ChiCTR2300070580. Registered on 17th April 2023. ER  - 
Allopregnanolone and progesterone in relation to a single electroconvulsive therapy seizure and subsequent clinical outcome: an observational cohort study$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an important treatment for several severe psychiatric conditions, yet its precise mechanism of action remains unknown. Increased inhibition in the brain after ECT seizures, mediated by γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA), has been linked to clinical effectiveness. Case series on epileptic patients report a postictal serum concentration increase of the GABAA receptor agonist allopregnanolone. Serum allopregnanolone remains unchanged after a full ECT series, but possible transient effects directly after a single ECT seizure remain unexplored. The primary aim was to measure serum concentrations of allopregnanolone and its substrate progesterone after one ECT seizure. Secondary aims were to examine whether concentrations at baseline, or postictal changes, either correlate with seizure generalization or predict clinical outcome ratings after ECT. Methods: A total of 130 participants (18–85 years) were included. Generalization parameters comprised peak ictal heart rate, electroencephalographic (EEG) seizure duration, and prolactin increase. Outcome measures were ratings of clinical global improvement, perceived health status and subjective memory impairment. Non-parametric tests were used for group comparisons and correlations. The prediction analyses were conducted with binary logistic and simple linear regression analyses. Results: Allopregnanolone and progesterone remained unchanged and correlated neither with seizure generalization nor with clinical outcome. In men (n = 50), progesterone increased and allopregnanolone change correlated negatively with EEG seizure duration. In a subgroup analysis (n = 62), higher baseline allopregnanolone and progesterone correlated with postictal EEG suppression. Conclusions: ECT seizures have different physiologic effects than generalized seizures in epilepsy. Progesterone might have implications for psychiatric illness in men. ER  - 
Exploring the appropriate situation of performing CSF mNGS in patients with proposed intracranial infections$$$ Background: Identifying the responsible pathogen is crucial for precision medicine in intracranial infections, and Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Metagenomic Next-Generation Sequencing (mNGS) is a reliable method for this detection. However, the indiscriminate utilization of this approach may impose a financial burden on both patients and society. The study aims to investigate the optimal conditions for applying CSF mNGS in patients with suspected intracranial infections, offering valuable references for precision medicine of intracranial infections. Methods: A total of 175 hospitalized patients presenting with suspected intracranial infections were selected for retrospective analysis. Base on the detection of responsible pathogens using CSF mNGS, the patients were categorized into two groups, responsible pathogens in Group A were detected but not in Group B. The types of responsible pathogens in group A and the final diagnosis of patients in group B were analyzed. Demographic data, clinical presentation, CSF analysis, imaging results, and electroencephalography (EEG) findings were analyzed for both groups. Finally, a scoring system was established to promptly assess the appropriateness of CSF mNGS for patients with suspected intracranial infections. Each independent predictor was assigned a score of 1, and the patients were subsequently scored. We advocate sending patients’ CSF for mNGS when the cumulative score is ≥ 2. Results: In Group A, the predominant responsible pathogen was the varicella-zoster virus (VZV), while Group B exhibited the highest proportion of final diagnoses related to epilepsy. The logistic regression model indicates that headache [OR = 2.982, 95% CI (1.204–7.383), p = 0.018], increased cerebrospinal fluid white cell count [OR = 4.022, 95% CI (1.331–12.156), p = 0.014], and decreased cerebrospinal fluid glucose levels [OR = 9.006, 95% CI (2.778–29.194), P < 0.001] are independent predictive factors for intracranial infection pathogens detected by CSF mNGS. Under this scoring system, the sensitivity for detecting the responsible pathogen was 57.5%, and the specificity was 87.4%. Conclusion: The likelihood of detecting the responsible pathogen through CSF mNGS in patients with suspected intracranial infections can be evaluated using the scoring system. Furthermore, it is crucial to consider the possibility of another condition, such as epilepsy, when the responsible pathogen is not detected using cerebrospinal fluid mNGS. ER  - 
Risk related to gestational weight loss among individuals with obesity: a population-based cohort study$$$ Objective: There is no clear evidence on the risk of gestational weight loss (GWL) for individuals with obesity. Our study aimed to assess the association between GWL and adverse perinatal outcomes among individuals with obesity. Methods: This population-based retrospective cohort study examined individuals with prepregnancy BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 who had a singleton pregnancy, using Ontario, Canada, birth registry data from 2012 to 2020. The primary outcome was a composite of adverse outcomes, including perinatal death and neonatal morbidity. The association between GWL and risk of adverse perinatal outcomes was estimated using generalized estimating equation models and restricted cubic spline regression analysis. Stratified analysis was conducted by obesity class. Results: Of the 157,205 individuals with obesity, 6.1% experienced GWL. Compared with adequate gestational weight gain, GWL was associated with an increased risk of a composite of adverse perinatal outcomes (adjusted risk ratio: 1.31; 95% CI: 1.22–1.39). Similar results were observed in the stratified analysis. Restricted cubic spline regression analysis revealed that average weekly gestational weight changes displayed a nonlinear U-shaped association, with a higher risk of a composite of adverse perinatal outcomes noted in the extremities, particularly toward GWL and excessive weight gain. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that GWL may increase the risk of adverse perinatal outcomes across all obesity classes. ER  - 
Improvement of persistent impairments in executive functions and attention following electroconvulsive therapy in a case control longitudinal follow up study$$$ Background: How cognition is influenced by electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) and major depressive disorder (MDD) is still debated. The development and etiology of neurocognitive impairment in MDD were examined by investigating the cognitive profile following ECT related to the state, scar, and trait perspectives, with the former predicting improvements parallel with depressive symptoms, while the two latter expected persisting impairments. Executive functions (EF) and attention are central to cognition and alterations in these functions could influence other domains like memory. The main aims of the present study were to examine the short and long-term effects of ECT on EF and attention in patients with major depressive disorder by exploiting the rapid antidepressant effect of this treatment. Methods: A case-control longitudinal follow-up design was used to investigate the effects of unilateral brief-pulse ECT on EF and attention in patients with depression (n = 36) compared to untreated healthy controls (n = 16). EF and attention were measured pre-treatment, approximately two weeks, and six months post-treatment. Results: The patient group showed significantly worse performance on most tests compared to healthy controls pre-treatment, and no short- or long-term worsening of EF and attention following ECT was found. Significant improvement was identified in patients’ attention, processing speed and inhibition after ECT. Conclusions: The present study showed that there was no cognitive worsening after ECT treatment. An improvement in several of the tests measuring inhibition, attention, and processing speed was parallel to symptom reduction, with the former showing associations to symptom change, suggesting state-related effects from improved mood. Still, the patient group performed significantly worse on most measures both pre-treatment and at the short and long-term follow-ups, indicating prevailing trait or scar effects on cognitive functions and potential lack of practice effects. Clinical trial number: NCT04348825 (14.04.20). ER  - 
Deep brain stimulation of Hippocampus in Treatment-resistant Schizophrenia (DBS-HITS): protocol for a crossover randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Ventral hippocampus (vHipp) in schizophrenia is in a state of hyperactivity and hypermetabolism, where the glutamate/gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) imbalance leads to downstream dopamine hyperactivity in the midbrain-limbic system. High-frequency deep brain stimulation (DBS) can disrupt the abnormal synchronization of functional circuits and modulate local brain networks. Methods: The DBS-HITS study is a crossover randomized controlled trial. DBS will be applied to bilateral vHipp in six patients. They will be randomly assigned to receive 3-month high-frequency active stimulation and then 3-month sham stimulation, or vice versa. After 6-month crossover trial phase, all participants will undergo personalized active stimulation. Researchers will assess clinical symptoms and neurocognition, collect EEG and PET-CT data during planned follow-ups. Adverse event will be researcher-assessed or participant self-reported throughout the trial. Discussion: To our knowledge, the DBS-HITS study is the first hippocampal DBS randomized controlled trial for schizophrenia. The goal of the DBS-HITS study is to assess the efficacy and safety of hippocampal DBS in treatment-resistant schizophrenia (TRS) and to investigate its impact on hippocampal activity and glutamate/GABA metabolism. The study is expected to deepen our understanding of the effects and side-effects of neuromodulation in TRS to facilitate individualized DBS treatment. Trial registration: NCT05694000 in ClinicalTrial.gov, registered on January 23, 2023. ER  - 
Cluster analysis of clinical manifestations assigns systemic lupus erythematosus-phenotype subgroups: A multicentre study on 440 patients$$$ Objective: Systemic lupus erythematous (SLE) is a heterogenous disease characterised by a large panel of autoantibodies and a wide spectrum of clinical signs and symptoms that engender different outcomes. We aimed to identify distinct, homogeneous SLE patients’ phenotypes. Methods: This retrospective study enrolled SLE patients meeting the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics (SLICC) classification criteria, enrolled in the French multicentre “APS (antiphospholipid syndrome) and SLE” Registry. Based on 29 variables selected to cover a broad range of clinical and laboratory (excluding autoantibodies) SLE manifestations, unsupervised multiple correspondence analysis followed by hierarchical ascendent-clustering analysis assigned different phenotypes. Results: We included 440 patients, mostly women (94.3%). Median age at SLE diagnosis was 24 (IQR 19–32) years. Cluster analysis yielded three distinct subgroups based on cumulative clinical manifestations, not autoantibody pattern. Cluster 1 (n = 91) comprised mostly Caucasian patients, with APS-associated clinical and biological manifestations, e.g., livedo, seizure, thrombocytopaenia and haemolytic anaemia. Cluster 2 (n = 221), the largest, included patients with mild clinical manifestations, mainly articular, more frequently associated with Sjögren's syndrome and with less frequent autoantibody-positivity. Cluster 3 (n = 128) consisted of patients with the largest panel of SLE-specific clinical manifestations (cutaneous, articular, proliferative nephritis, pleural, cardiac and haematological), the most frequent autoantibody-positivity, low complement levels, and more often of Asian and sub-Saharan African origin. Conclusion: This unsupervised clustering method distinguished three distinct SLE patient subgroups, highlighting SLE heterogeneity. ER  - 
Clinical Effects of Psychedelic Substances Reported to United States Poison Centers: 2012 to 2022$$$ Study objective: Psychedelic substances use is increasing in the United States (US). The approval of new psychedelic drugs and legalization of natural psychedelic substances will likely further increase exposures and subsequent adverse events. The study objective is to describe the clinical effects, therapies, and medical outcomes of patients with psychedelic exposures reported to US poison centers. Methods: We performed a retrospective, cross-sectional study on psychedelic exposures reported to the National Poison Data System from January 1, 2012, to December 31, 2022. We categorized exposures into groups: hallucinogenic amphetamines, lysergic acid diethylamide, tryptamines (such as N, N-dimethyltryptamine), phencyclidine, hallucinogenic mushrooms, hallucinogenic plants, and ketamine and ketamine analogs. We summarized effects, treatments, and outcomes and evaluated associations with logistic regression and odds ratios. Results: Our sample included 54,605 cases. There were concomitant exposures in 41.1% (n=22,460) of cases. Hallucinogenic mushroom exposures increased most over the study period from 593 in 2012 to 1,440 in 2022. Overall, 27,444 (50.3%) psychedelic exposures had symptoms that required treatment, severe residual or prolonged symptoms, or death. Cardiovascular effects were common, especially with hallucinogenic amphetamine exposures (31.1%). Patients managed in or referred to a health care facility received medical therapies in 62.4% of cases, including sedation (32.9%) and respiratory interventions (10.3%). Conclusion: Over half of psychedelic exposures reported to US poison centers had symptoms that required treatment, severe residual or prolonged symptoms, or death. Increases in psychedelic use may lead to increased frequency of adverse events and health care utilization. ER  - 
Association of antipsychotic formulations with sudden cardiac death in patients with schizophrenia: A nationwide population-based case–control study$$$ The aim of this study was to clarify the association between various antipsychotic formulations—oral-daily antipsychotics (OAPs), long-acting injectable antipsychotics (LAIs), and their combination—and the risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD). We conducted a nationwide population-based case–control study using data from 2011 to 2020 from the National Health Insurance Research Database and multiple-cause-of-death data from Taiwan. The study included patients with a new diagnosis of schizophrenia who were followed for SCD occurrence until 2020. Cases and controls were frequency-matched at a 1:4 ratio by age, sex, and year of new schizophrenia diagnosis. Compared with the use of OAP monotherapy, the use of LAI and OAP combination (OR = 1.91) and LAI monotherapy (OR = 1.45) were associated with an increased risk of SCD. Additionally, cardiovascular comorbidities (adjusted OR = 11.15) were identified as a significant risk factor for SCD. This study revealed the following hierarchy of SCD risk associated with antipsychotic formulations (listed from lowest to highest risk): nonuse of antipsychotics, OAP monotherapy, LAI monotherapy, and their combination. These findings underscore the importance of assessing cardiovascular disease history before LAIs are prescribed to patients with schizophrenia and indicate that physicians should avoid prescribing combined antipsychotics when using LAIs. ER  - 
Depression and stigma among a sample of Egyptian adolescents with epilepsy and their impact on antiseizure medications adherence$$$ Background: The lifetime prevalence of epilepsy varies between 3.5 and 10.7 per 1000 individuals in developed countries, and from 0.9 to 74.4 per 1000 individuals in Asia, sub-Saharan Africa, and Latin America. In adolescents, the prevalence of epilepsy is estimated to be 1.5 to 2%. Purpose: The purpose of this study was to examine the clinical characteristics of adolescents with epilepsy (AWE) and highlight the differences between childhood-onset epilepsy and adolescent-onset epilepsy. Additionally, the study aimed to assess the level of self-stigma and depression, as well as their impact on adherence to antiseizure medication (ASMs). Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted at the Epilepsy Clinic at Kasr Al-Ainy Hospitals. Patients underwent a thorough evaluation of their seizure history, as well as completed the Adherence to Refills and Medications Scale (ARMS), Kilifi Stigma Scale for Epilepsy (KSSE), and Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) to assess depression. Results: A total of 136 AWE were included in the study, consisting of 82 males and 54 females with a median age of 15 and an interquartile range of 13–17. Most patients (54 %) had focal onset seizures, while the remaining 46 % had generalized onset seizures. Of the total sample, 87 (64 %) achieved seizure control for at least one year and are currently taking ASMs. However, only 60 % of the patients were found to be adherent to their ASMs. Fourteen patients (17.2 %) met the criteria for drug-resistant epilepsy. Interestingly, patients with adolescent-onset epilepsy were significantly more adherent to their ASMs compared to those with childhood-onset epilepsy (P=0.01). Additionally, the adherent group had significantly lower scores on KSSE and PHQ-9 compared to the non-adherent group (P=<0.0001 for each). Furthermore, there was a positive correlation between scores on the KSSE and PHQ-9 (P<0.001). Conclusion: Depression and self-stigma are significant barriers to adherence among adolescents with epilepsy. These findings highlight the need to involve psychiatrists and epileptologists in epilepsy transition programs. ER  - 
Impact of seizure outcome and extent of neocortical resection on emotional well-being in patients with epilepsy one year after temporal lobe surgery$$$ Background: Seizure frequency and cognitive function are common parameters in assessing epilepsy surgery outcomes. However, psychobehavioral outcomes, such as symptoms of depression and quality of life (QOL), have not found equal attention yet. Objective: To assess the effect of seizure frequency, the extent of resection, and cognitive function on the psychobehavioral outcome of patients after temporal lobe surgery for pharmacoresistant epilepsy. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed all consecutive patients who underwent surgery for intractable temporal lobe epilepsy between 09/2015 and 07/2019. We examined seizure outcome, surgical plan, resection volume, cognitive functions, and psychobehavioral outcome. Results: This study included 77 patients (31 males, 46 females) who underwent temporal lobe surgery. One year after surgery, 53 patients (68.8 %) were completely seizure-free (Engel IA) and 92.2 % of patients showed a worthwhile improvement in seizure frequency (Engel I-III). Resection volume was significantly negatively correlated with QOL (r = − 0.284, p = 0.041). However, after controlling for the effect of seizure outcome, no significant correlation remained. Patients with a worthwhile improvement in seizure frequency showed significantly fewer symptoms of depression (p = 0.024) and a significantly higher QOL (p = 0.012) one year after surgery. The differences in symptoms of depression (p = 0.044) and QOL (p = 0.030) between patients with and without improvements in seizure frequency remained significant after controlling for the effect of resection volume. After procedures sparing the amygdala and hippocampus (neocortical resection), patients presented significantly fewer symptoms of depression (p = 0.044) and significantly better QOL (p = 0.008) than patients after procedures involving mesial-temporal structures, independent of the resection volume, and after controlling for the side of the procedure (dominant vs. non-dominant). After also controlling for seizure outcome, the difference remained for QOL (p = 0.014) but not for symptoms of depression. Conclusions: A patient's emotional well-being one year after surgery for pharmacoresistant temporal lobe epilepsy strongly depends on their seizure outcome. As an individual factor, the extent of neocortical resection negatively affects postsurgical emotional well-being, but a favorable seizure outcome outweighs this effect, independent of the resection volume. A favorable seizure outcome even outweighs the negative effects of procedures involving mesial-temporal structures on symptoms of depression. ER  - 
Life After Neonatal Seizures: Characterizing the Longitudinal Parent Experience$$$ Background: Parents of neonates with seizures report persistent symptoms of depression, anxiety, and posttraumatic stress. We aimed to characterize the parent experience of caring for children impacted by neonatal seizures, including longitudinal assessment across childhood. Methods: This prospective, observational, multicenter study was conducted at Neonatal Seizure Registry (NSR) sites in partnership with the NSR Parent Advisory Panel. Parents completed surveys at discharge; 12, 18, and 24 months; and 3, 4, 5, 7, and 8 years. Surveys included demographic information and open-ended questions targeting parent experience. A conventional content analysis approach was used. Results: A total of 320 caregivers completed at least one open-ended question, with the majority of respondents at discharge (n = 142), 12 months (n = 169), 18 months (n = 208), and 24 months (n = 245). We identified the following three primary themes. (1) Personal Burden of Care: Parents experienced emotional distress, financial strain, physical demands, and fears for their child's unknown outcome; (2) Managing Day-to-Day Life: Parents described difficulties navigating their parenting role, including managing their child's challenging behaviors and understanding their child's needs amid neurodevelopmental impairment; (3) My Joys as a Parent: Parents valued bonding with their child, being a caregiver, and watching their child's personality grow. Conclusions: Parents of children impacted by neonatal seizures face persistent challenges, which are interwoven with the joys of being a parent. Our findings suggest that future interventions should promote resiliency, address caregivers’ psychosocial needs longitudinally, and provide enhanced support for parents caring for children with medical complexity. ER  - 
Mediators of sex-specific differences in rates of stroke mimics among patients treated with intravenous thrombolysis: A nationwide analysis of 174,995 patients$$$ Introduction: Women are at higher risk of stroke mimics; however, the underlying reasons are unclear. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study of the 2016–2020 National Inpatient Sample database, we identified patients treated with intravenous thrombolysis (IVT). Demographic information, vascular risk factors, comorbidities, and presence of known risk factors for stroke mimics (seizures, migraines, demyelinating diseases, psychiatric illnesses, and functional neurological disorders [FND]) were identified using ICD-10 codes. Rates of no cerebral infarction (NCI) were compared between men and women. Mediation analyses were conducted to identify significant drivers of sex-specific differences in the rate of NCI. Results: 174,995 IVT-treated patients were identified; 41,605 (23.8 %) had NCI. Female patients had significantly higher rates of NCI compared to men (26.2 % vs. 20.9 %, p < 0.001). Women had significantly higher rates of stroke mimic risk factors (seizures, migraines, demyelinating disease, anxiety, depression, FND, and electrolyte derangements; all p < 0.001). Mediation analyses revealed that 39.8 %, 19.1 % of female sex's association with higher rates of NCI were mediated by higher rates of migraines and FND among women, respectively (both p < 0.001). Conclusions: IVT-treated women were more likely to have NCI than men. This relationship was largely mediated by higher rates of migraine and FND among women. ER  - 
History of tobacco smoking and alcohol use can predict the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy in individuals with schizophrenia: A multicenter clinical trial$$$ Background: Current research has found that factors such as gender, age, and family history can predict the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in individuals with schizophrenia. In our clinical practice, we anecdotally observed that tobacco smokers and alcohol drinkers with schizophrenia seemed to respond more effectively to ECT than non-smokers and non-drinkers. The current study aimed to examine whether history of tobacco smoking or alcohol consumption serve as indicators for predicting therapeutic efficacy of ECT in individuals with schizophrenia. Methods: A total of 481 individuals receiving ECT combined with antipsychotic medication (ECT + AP medication) completed a two-week (six sessions of ECT) follow-up; 106 individuals receiving only antipsychotic medication (AP medication) also completed a two-week follow-up. Smoking, alcohol consumption, and AP medication usage was recorded for these individuals. Severity of psychotic symptoms was assessed using the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS). Results: ECT + AP medication: Compared to schizophrenic individuals without a history of smoking (non-smokers), those with a history of smoking (smokers) showed a high decrease in negative symptoms (36.96% vs 24.76%; F = 5.974, p = 0.015). While, compared to individuals without a history of alcohol consumption (non-drinkers), those with a history of alcohol consumption (drinkers) showed a high decrease in positive symptoms (48.90% vs 41.47%; F = 5.074, p = 0.025). AP medication: No differences were found in symptom reduction between smokers and non-smokers or between drinkers and non-drinkers (p > 0.05). Conclusions: Smoking history in schizophrenic individuals independently predicts better improvement in negative symptoms after ECT, while alcohol consumption history independently predicts better improvement in positive symptoms after ECT. This is a clinically significant finding. ER  - 
The Multiple Sclerosis Prodrome in a Retrospective Pediatric Cohort$$$ Background: Evidence suggests a prodromal phase in multiple sclerosis (MS), with increased health care use preceding the first demyelinating event (FDE). Although prior studies have explored this in adults, limited data exist for pediatric cases. We aimed to analyze health care utilization and prodromal symptoms in the two years before FDE in patients with pediatric-onset MS (POMS). Methods: From 122 patients at the Pediatric Multiple Sclerosis & Demyelinating Diseases Center at Washington University School of Medicine from 2011 to 2021, 37 POMS cases were identified. Of these, 21 with at least two years of records preceding FDE were included. Retrospective analysis covered symptoms and health care utilization in the two-year period before FDE, including ambulatory visits, hospital admissions, and office calls. Results: Patients showed increased health care utilization in the year preceding FDE (period B; 96 interactions) compared with the prior year (period A; 77 interactions) and an increase in the percentage of neurology-related encounters (P < 0.001). There was an increase in all office calls from period A to period B (P = 0.01). Neurological complaints included headaches (28.6%), visual (19.0%), sensory (14.3%), and balance (14.3%) in the two years before FDE, and 28.6% of patients presented for psychiatric complaints. Common non-neurological complaints included infection, dermatologic, and musculoskeletal issues and injury. Conclusions: Our POMS cohort showed increased health care use before FDE, consistent with population-based data. This study emphasizes diverse symptoms in prodromal POMS, with headaches being the most common neurological symptom in the two-year period before FDE. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation: Novel concept for the treatment of glioblastoma and solid cancers by cytokine (interleukin-6) reduction, attenuating the SASP, enhancing tumor immunity$$$ Immuno-oncology, specifically immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs), has revolutionized cancer care with dramatic, long-term responses and increased survival, including patients with metastatic cancer to the brain. Glioblastomas, and other primary brain tumors, are refractory to ICIs as monotherapy or in combination with standard therapy. The tumor microenvironment (TME) poses multiple biological hurdles: blood-brain barrier, immune suppression, heterogeneity, and tumor infiltration. Genomic analysis of the senescence-associated secretory phenotype (SASP) and preclinical models of glioma suggest that an exciting approach would entail reprogramming of the glioma microenvironment, attenuating the pro-inflammatory, pro-tumorigenic cytokines of the SASP, especially interleukin-6 (IL-6). A testable hypothesis now proposed is to modulate the immune system by harnessing the body's ‘inflammatory reflex’ to reduce cytokines. Vagus nerve stimulation can activate T cell immunity by the cholinergic, α7nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist (α7nAchR), and suppress IL-6 systemically, as well as other pro-inflammatory cytokines of the SASP, interleukin -1β (IL-1β) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α). The hypothesis predicts that electrical activation of the vagus nerve, with cytokine reduction, in combination with ICIs, would convert an immune resistant (“cold”) tumor to an immune responsive (“hot”) tumor, and halt glioma progression. The hypothesis also envisions cancer as an immune “dysautonomia” whereby a therapeutic intervention, vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), resets the systemic and local cytokine levels. A prospective, randomized, phase II clinical trial, to confirm the hypothesis, is a logical, exigent, next step. Cytokine reduction by VNS could also be useful for other forms of human cancer, e.g., breast, colorectal, head and neck, lung, melanoma, ovarian, pancreatic, and prostate cancer, as the emerging field of “cancer neuroscience” shows a role for neural regulation of multiple tumor types. Because IL-6, and companion pro-inflammatory cytokines, participate in the initiation, progression, spread and recurrence of cancer, minimally invasive VNS could be employed to suppress glioma or cancer progression, while also mitigating depression and/or seizures, thereby enhancing quality of life. The current hypothesis reimagines glioma pathophysiology as a dysautonomia with the therapeutic objective to reset the autonomic nervous system and form an immune responsive state to halt tumor progression and prevent recurrence. VNS, as a novel method to control cancer, can be administered with ICIs, standard therapy, or in clinical trials, combined with emerging immunotherapy: dendritic cell, mRNA, or chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell vaccines. ER  - 
Non-invasive brain stimulation enhances the effect of physiotherapy for balance and mobility impairment in people with Multiple Sclerosis.$$$ Background: Impairment of balance and gait is common in Multiple Sclerosis (MS). Non-invasive Brain Stimulation techniques are promising adjuncts to physical therapy to improve disability. Objective: To determine if combining transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) with conventional exercise therapy enhances balance and mobility in people with multiple sclerosis (PwMS) compared to exercise alone. Methods: In a double-blind randomised controlled trial, PwMS were randomised into a real or sham tDCS group. All patients received individualized exercise treatment. Twelve sessions of real (intensity 2mA, bipolar) or sham tDCS was administered over the primary motor area for 20 minutes followed by one hour of physiotherapy focusing on balance, strength, and mobility, twice a week for six weeks. Outcome measures included balance (Berg Balance Score), mobility (10m Walk Test), fatigue (Fatigue Severity Scale) and quality of life (Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life - 54) performed 1 week before intervention, at week 7 (1-week post-intervention), and at six months post-intervention. Falls questionnaire was completed 1 week before intervention and at 6 months post-intervention. Generalised linear mixed model analysis was used to compare outcomes at different time points within groups (before and after exercise treatment) and between groups (sham vs real stimulation groups). Results: Forty participants (mean age 54 and mean EDSS 3.5) were randomly allocated to receive real (n=19) or sham (n=21) stimulation, with 36 completing the post-intervention (real 17, sham 19) and 32 completing the 6-month assessments (real 15, sham 17). All participants had significantly improved balance and mobility scores post exercise treatment (within groups comparison, p<0.05). Between groups comparison found a small but significant improvement in the Berg Balance Score (mean improvement 1.9 and 2 points, p <0.05) and 10-metre Walk Test (mean improvement of 0.09 and 0.11m/s, p <0.05) in the real tDCS group compared to the sham group after six weeks of training and at six months follow-up, respectively. There was no benefit in fatigue, falls and QOL scores in the real stimulation group compared to the control group. Conclusion: Our results suggest that the addition of tDCS prior to exercise treatment provides a significant improvement in walking speed and balance in people with MS which lasts longer, compared to exercise alone. Further study is needed to optimize the use of this relatively inexpensive and well tolerated device for rehabilitation. Trial Registration: Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry (ACTRN12628001836224) ER  - 
Cranial venous outflow insufficiency$$$ rendered almost invisible to radiological imaging by circular reasoning. Rethinking normal craniocervical venous anatomy; Background and purpose: Cranial venous outflow insufficiency, a model of brain dysfunction based on partial or intermittent obstruction to cranial venous drainage, is an attempt to explain a clinical phenotype characterised by multiple complex symptoms, including headache, fatigue and cognitive dysfunction, that can be responsible for long term neurological disability. This concept, however, has been received with some scepticism first, because its supposed symptoms seem mainly non-organic and, secondly, because its supposed lesions can be regarded as no more than variants of normal craniocervical venous anatomy. This reasoning, however, fails to appreciate that an understanding of normal venous anatomy has evolved, not from dedicated studies in healthy volunteers, but almost entirely from patients whose symptoms are assumed to be non-organic, or at least not referrable to the specifics of craniocervical venous anatomy. So, the reasoning is circular, and whilst this may not matter when frank venous thrombosis makes the diagnosis of venous disease clear, it might be frustrating attempts to understand the clinical expression of more subtle forms of cranial venous outflow compromise. Reassurance on this point, however, is only possible if it is inconceivable that the symptoms described by these patients could ever be referred back to the venous system, an assumption that has not been tested. The purpose of this study was to test this assumption by examining the clinical profile of patients who, by default, make a significant contribution to perceptions of normal venous anatomy, that is patients with MRI brain scans reported to be normal. Method: Cross-sectional: we recorded the symptoms and diagnoses in 100 consecutive patients with MRI brain scans reported as normal. Results: 26 % complained of headache, 25 % of focal neurological symptoms, 15 % of dizziness. 13 % had seizure/collapse. 46 % of patients had no final diagnosis. 18 % were diagnosed with migraine, 7 % with functional neurological disorder and 6 % with epilepsy. Conclusions: The clinical overlap between patients with brain MRI reported as normal and patients with known venous sinus disease, as documented in the literature, raises strong concerns regarding their role in defining normal craniocervical venous anatomy. Current assumptions regarding this anatomy, therefore, are probably unsafe, this inviting a re-evaluation of the clinicopathological significance of hitherto almost ignored configurations of cranial venous outflow, such as jugular venous narrowing or outflow asymmetry, and giving encouragement to explore a pathological substrate in cranial venous outflow insufficiency for a range of otherwise unexplained symptoms. ER  - 
Characterisation of psychological and neurocognitive processes accompanying functional seizures$$$ Objectives: To examine the relationship between clinical, psychological, and cognitive characteristics of adults with functional seizures. Methods: This study describes baseline characteristics of one-hundred and seven participants with a documented diagnosis of functional seizures recruited to the Re-PROGRAM randomised controlled trial. Participants completed a semi-structured interview, neuropsychological assessment, and questionnaire measures via Telehealth. Results: Participants reported low levels of trust in body sensations, high levels of negative ruminative thinking, dissociation, somatisation, anxiety, depression, severe levels of functional impairment, and poor quality of life. At a group level, they had normal neurocognitive function, including mental control, processing speed, attention, and executive function. Anxiety (73%), depression (68%), post-traumatic stress disorder (49%), migraine (63%) and chronic pain (52%) were common comorbidities. Forty-three percent reported a family history of dementia. Somatic symptoms were associated with depression, anxiety, dissociation, ruminative negative thinking, and lower scores on the ’Not-distracting’ interoception scale. Poorer psychosocial functioning was associated with depression and dissociation. Reduced mental quality of life was associated with higher levels of depression, anxiety, dissociation, ruminative negative thinking, and lower scores on the ‘Trusting’ interoception scale. There were no associations between the clinical or psychological variables and seizure frequency or seizure classification. Neither cognitive impairment nor failure on effort testing were associated with the clinical or psychological factors, quality of life or psychosocial functioning. Significance: This study highlights the burden of psychiatric and physical comorbidity; and the relationship between psychological factors and functional impairment in a large cohort of patients with functional seizures despite normal cognitive function. ER  - 
Risk of ADHD in children with childhood absence epilepsy versus controls: A population-based study$$$ Introduction: Children with childhood absence epilepsy (CAE) are deemed to be at higher risk of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), however the magnitude of that risk has not been assessed in a population-based study. Methods: The Rochester Epidemiology Project database was used to identify children with a new diagnosis of CAE while resident in Olmsted County, MN between 1980–2018. For each case, four age- and sex-matched controls without epilepsy were identified. Records of cases and controls screening positive for ADHD were reviewed to confirm this diagnosis. Those with comorbid ADHD and CAE were further assessed to determine if the ADHD diagnosis preceded or followed the epilepsy diagnosis, as well as the impact of ADHD treatment on possible seizure exacerbation and long-term epilepsy course. Results: Forty-one cases of CAE were identified and matched to 164 controls. ADHD was diagnosed in 17 children (41.5 %) with CAE and 12 controls (7.3 %) (p < 0.001). Compared to those without epilepsy, the diagnosis of ADHD in CAE was more likely to be made by a mental health professional than a primary care provider (p = 0.047). ADHD in CAE typically followed the diagnosis of CAE and in 7/17 cases, was diagnosed after remission of epilepsy and discontinuation of antiseizure medication. There was no difference in the proportion of cases or controls treated with ADHD medication (16/17 cases and 12/12 controls). Both groups had high likelihood of favorable response to ADHD medication and no child with CAE experienced seizure exacerbation with ADHD treatment. Conclusions: ADHD was 5.7-fold more common in CAE then in children without epilepsy in our population-based study. Treatment with stimulants is highly effective and not associated with worsening of seizures. Primary care providers must be vigilant to carefully screen this population for ADHD. ER  - 
Ask the Patient: Goals for Functional seizure treatment$$$ Treatment trials for functional seizure (FS) help improve functioning and reduce disability in affected individuals. Clinical trials have prioritized clinician-defined outcomes, but no studies have directly asked adults with FS what they hope to accomplish. This study examined patient-defined goals for treatment in a consecutive cohort of 826 adults with FS referred for outpatient treatment. Goals were reviewed and sorted into 6 categories with 32.5% of goals related to seizure management, 21.8% to abstract functional improvement, 20.3% to concrete functional improvement, 14.8% to seizure education, 10.1% to psychiatry tools, and 0.5% to Other. Although treatment trials have prioritized reduced event frequency as a primary outcome, people with FS most frequently prioritize goals for functional improvement. Data suggests that rehabilitation metrics of FS treatment outcome may be just as, or more important to adults with FS than what medical providers prioritize for outcome success. Study findings have implications for how to define FS treatment success and suggest equal prioritization of patient-centered goals to medically-defined goals in trial design. ER  - 
Personality psychopathology in temporal lobe epilepsy: An Arabian study$$$ Objectives: Previous research has linked epilepsy of the temporal lobe (TLE) with comorbidities of psychiatric nature, yet few studies have investigated personality psychopathology in patients with TLE. This is the first study on the topic in the Arab world and the first study using the Personality Inventory for DSM-5-Brief From (PID-5-BF). Thus, this study, which is cross-sectional by nature, aims to explore the potential relationship between TLE and personality psychopathology. Methods: Utilizing the validated Arabic version of the Personality Inventory for DSM-5 − Brief Form (PID-5-BF), this study compared average total scores and domain scores among 24 TLE patients and 48 controls from the general population, using the Independent Samples t-test. Binary logistic regression used to assess the impact of gender and age on personality psychopathology in both the TLE and control group. Results: Following adjustment for age and gender, notable disparities emerged in average total scores (p < 0.001), as well as negative affect (p < 0.0001), disinhibition (p < 0.04), and psychoticism scores (p < 0.01), with TLE patients exhibiting higher scores across these domains with a score of 1.28, 2.00, 1.08 and 1.25 respectively compared to controls with a score of 0.85, 1.08, 0.69 and 0.69 respectively. Nevertheless, analyses investigating age and gender as predictors for personality psychopathology yielded non-significant results in both groups. Discussion: The study hints at a possible positive link between TLE and personality psychopathology, possibly attributable to limbic system involvement. This is the first study of its kind in the Arab world, highlighting a neglected topic in the region. While these results hold clinical implications, further research is warranted to validate these relationships. ER  - 
Design and methodology of a randomized clinical trial of quetiapine to reduce central nervous system polypharmacy in veterans with postconcussive syndrome symptoms$$$ Lack of evidence to guide medication treatments for mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) in veterans too often results in polypharmacy practices attempting to provide symptomatic relief from multiple postconcussive syndrome symptoms. Therefore, the field needs to find an effective medication that reduces the burden of postconcussive symptoms without complicating the treatment burden of veterans. This clinical trial seeks to determine whether switching veterans to quetiapine monotherapy (intervention) is superior to continuing to receive treatment as usual (TAU, control) polypharmacy for veterans with symptoms of postconcussive syndrome and posttraumatic stress disorder who are receiving rehabilitation treatment for mTBI. This study will test the conceptual mediation model hypothesis that quetiapine monotherapy may enhance recovery from mTBI by (1) increasing engagement in rehabilitation services, and/or (2) reducing the adverse effects of TAU polypharmacy. This study will enroll 146 patients from two Veterans Administration Medical Centers into a 12- week phase III, randomized, pragmatic clinical trial comparing outcomes from treatment with quetiapine monotherapy and TAU. Quetiapine will be cross tapered up to a maximum dose of 200 mg (as tolerated) as other medications are discontinued. The primary outcome measures are postconcussive syndrome symptoms (Neurobehavioral Symptom Inventory), functional disability (World Health Organization Disability Assessment), and quality of life (World Health Organization Quality of Life Assessment). Overall, this study aims to determine whether quetiapine monotherapy is superior to TAU polypharmacy and improves the quality of life for veterans with comorbid postconcussive syndrome and posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms who are receiving rehabilitation treatment for mTBI. ER  - 
Customized GPT model largely increases surgery decision accuracy for pharmaco-resistant epilepsy$$$ Background: To develop an enhanced epilepsy diagnosis system by integrating an expert-informed ontology with a custom generative pre-trained transformer (GPT), validated by inferring possible seizure lateralization and localization using retrospective textual data from the pre-surgical assessments of patients with pharmaco-resistant epilepsy (PRE). Methods: We developed an AI system for epilepsy diagnosis using Protégé with OWL/SWRL, integrating a knowledge base with seizure semiology, seizure types EEG descriptors, expert insights, and literature to pinpoint seizure locations. A customized GPT model was then tailored for specific diagnostic needs. Validated through 16 surgical cases, the system's accuracy in seizure localization and the JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) Epilepsy Matcher's term matching capabilities were confirmed against a Protégé-based knowledge base. Results: A total of 117 patients with PRE underwent video-EEG monitoring at a single institution. However, only 16 of these patients received epilepsy surgery. The Protégé system achieved 75 % accuracy in diagnosing epilepsy from 16 cases using semiology, which increased to 87.5 % with EEG data. The Json Epilepsy Matcher further improved accuracy to 87.5 % with symptoms alone and 93.8 % when including EEG data, highlighting the benefits of applying GPT techniques. Conclusions: This study highlights the efficacy of the JSON Epilepsy Matcher in improving seizure diagnosis accuracy. When combined with EEG data, it achieves a 93.8 % accuracy rate, suggesting a potential improvement in the practicality and generalizability of the original ontology expert system, boosting physicians’ confidence in confirming surgery and potentially sparing many children from prolonged suffering. This innovative approach not only improves diagnostic accuracy but also sets a precedent for future applications of AI in neurology. ER  - 
Propionic Acidemia diagnosed in Amish adults and pregnancy outcomes: A case series$$$ Background: Propionic acidemia (PA) is an inborn error of metabolism (IEM) that typically presents in the newborn. The Amish of North America have an increased prevalence of PA due to a founder variant in the PCCB gene. The Amish PA phenotype is variable, and some individuals remain asymptomatic and undiagnosed until adulthood. Additionally, there are limited reports of pregnancy outcomes in Amish individuals with PA. Methods: A retrospective single center chart review was completed on sixty Amish individuals with PA to identify individuals diagnosed as adults (18 years or older) and pregnancy outcomes. We assessed age at diagnosis, reason for PA testing, medical history prior to diagnosis including developmental delay, seizure, protein intolerance, cardiac symptoms, and anxiety. Following the diagnosis, we assessed the prevalence of prolonged QTc and dilated cardiomyopathy. We assessed our cohort for number of pregnancies, pregnancy outcomes, and peripartum complications. Results: Nine out of sixty individuals (15 %) were diagnosed with PA as adults. A family member with PA was the most common reason to prompt genetic testing. Cardiac symptoms were present in six of nine individuals prior to diagnosis. Three individuals diagnosed as adults had dilated cardiomyopathy and one underwent cardiac transplant. There were twenty-one pregnancies in six women with eighteen successful deliveries and three miscarriages. Two women developed peripartum cardiomyopathy. There were no acute maternal decompensations. Conclusion: Our work supports the consideration that all Amish newborns be screened for PA with molecular testing to enable early diagnosis. The stark difference in peripartum outcomes requires further prospective work to ensure appropriate monitoring throughout pregnancy while respecting individual values and autonomy. ER  - 
Effectiveness and Safety of Flumazenil Augmentation During Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Introduction: Benzodiazepines are considered to negatively affect seizure quality and duration during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Several researchers have advocated the use of flumazenil, a competitive benzodiazepine receptor antagonist, for patients treated with benzodiazepines during ECT. However, clinical evidence regarding flumazenil use in ECT remains sparse. The aim of this study is to investigate the effects of flumazenil on seizure duration and adverse effects. Methods: All patients with depressive disorders, treated with flumazenil during a course of ECT in 2019 in a tertiary hospital, were identified through a retrospective chart review. Seizure duration was recorded before and after flumazenil administration. Effectiveness of ECT was assessed using the Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology and the Bush-Francis Catatonia Rating Scale. Postictal agitation was ascertained by identifying patients who received additional sedatives immediately after ECT or who needed physical restraint. Results: Twenty-six patients were included, receiving a total of 363 treatments, of which 263 were augmented with flumazenil. Flumazenil administration increased electroencephalogram seizure duration on average with 10.5 seconds comparing ECT with or without flumazenil (P = 0.003). In 21.8% of the cases, no increase in seizure duration was observed. Postictal agitation occurred at least once in 34.6% of the patients receiving flumazenil during their course of ECT. Conclusion: Our results show that flumazenil increases seizure duration, albeit with limited clinical implications. Noteworthy, the prevalence of postictal agitation is high. When confronted with short seizures, clinicians should therefore deploy other available techniques to lower seizure threshold before considering flumazenil. ER  - 
An automated blood test for glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and ubiquitin carboxy-terminal hydrolase L1 (UCH-L1) to predict the absence of intracranial lesions on head CT in adult patients with mild traumatic brain injury: BRAINI, a multicentre observational study in Europe$$$ Background: Following mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), elevated concentrations of brain-specific blood proteins glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and ubiquitin C-terminal hydrolase-L1 (UCH-L1) may be indicative of intracranial lesions normally detected by head CT scans. We sought to validate the performance of this combination of biomarkers at predetermined cutoff values with an automated immunoassay to predict which patients did not have intracranial lesions. Methods: This prospective, observational study was conducted in France and Spain at 16 emergency departments. Adult patients with mTBI were eligible if they had a head CT scan and gave a 10-ml blood sample within 12 h of injury. GFAP and UCH-L1 serum concentrations were measured and analysed, in less than an hour time, according to predefined cutoff values of 22 pg/ml and 327 pg/ml, respectively. Serum concentrations of S100B protein were concomitantly determined in a subset of patients. The primary outcome measures were the sensitivity and negative predictive value (NPV) of the combined GFAP–UCH-L1 test to rule out intracranial lesions on head CT scans. ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT04032509). Findings: Between August 2019 and June 2021, 1508 patients were recruited, and 1438 were included in the main analysis. Median age was 69 years (IQR 44–83). Most patients (74%) presented 3 h after trauma. 179 (12.4%) patients were positive for intracranial lesions by CT. The sensitivity of the combined test was 98.3% (95% CI 95.0–99.7) and the specificity 24.9 (95% CI 22.6–27.4), with a NPV of 99.1% (95% CI 97.1–99.8). Three patients with a positive CT scan had negative biomarker test results. S100B had a sensitivity of 83.0% (95% CI 76.2–88.2) and a NPV of 94.2% (95% CI 91.6–96.0). Patients with higher biomarker values more frequently had poorer recovery at 3 months after injury. Interpretation: Testing for GFAP and UCH-L1, using validated cutoffs obtained with a new, fast automated immunoassay platform, accurately predicted the absence of intracranial lesions on head CT following mTBI. Funding: This study is co-funded by the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) Health, a body of the European Union (Grant nº19474). Biomarkers tests were funded by bioMérieux. ER  - 
Psychostimulants for hypersomnia (excessive daytime sleepiness) in myotonic dystrophy$$$ Background: Excessive daytime sleepiness is a common symptom of myotonic dystrophy. Psychostimulants are drugs that are increasingly used to treat hypersomnia in myotonic dystrophy. Objectives: To assess the effects of psychostimulants in myotonic dystrophy patients with hypersomnia. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov, and WHO ICTRP on 5 January 2023. We also checked the bibliographies of identified papers and made enquiries of the authors of the papers. Selection criteria: We considered all randomised controlled trials that have evaluated any type of psychostimulant (versus a placebo or no treatment) in children or adults with myotonic dystrophy, confirmed by clinical and electromyographic diagnostic, or genetic testing, and hypersomnia. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently scrutinised potentially relevant papers for study inclusion, with any disagreements resolved by discussion. Two review authors independently performed data extraction. We obtained unpublished data from some study authors. We assessed the methodological quality of trials and applied GRADE to assess the certainty of evidence. Review authors did not contribute to eligibility or risk of bias assessment or data extraction of trials in which they had participated. When cross-over trials were included in the analysis, treatment effects were summarised as mean difference (MD) between treatment effects and standard error, and analysed by generic inverse variance. Main results: We included six trials (136 participants). All studies included only adult outpatients, aged from 18 to 70 years old, and followed them only in the short term (up to four weeks). Five trials had a cross-over design. We judged five trials as being at low risk of bias. Primary outcome. Data for mean improvement in the Maintenance of Wakefulness Test were available from three trials. The MD was 3.59 (95% confidence interval (CI) −0.06 to 7.24) minutes, and there was marked heterogeneity across studies (I2 = 71%). We downgraded the certainty of evidence to very low for inconsistency and imprecision. Secondary outcomes. Data for mean improvement in the Epworth Sleepiness Scale were available from five trials. The MD was −2.55 (95% CI −4.00 to −1.11, P < 0.001) in favour of modafinil with considerable heterogeneity across studies (I2 = 80%). We downgraded the certainty of evidence to low for inconsistency. The effects of psychostimulants on excessive daytime sleepiness as assessed by the Multiple Sleep Latency Test (MD −1.82, 95% CI −5.57 to 1.93; P = 0.34; very low certainty evidence) and on quality of life (MD 1.27, 95% CI −3.63 to 6.17; I2 = 0%; very low certainty evidence) were very uncertain. The risk ratio for experiencing adverse events was 1.70 (95% CI 0.75 to 3.85; P = 0.20; I2 = 0%; low certainty evidence). No trial evaluated our primary or secondary outcomes in the long term. We were not able to perform planned subgroup analyses as none of the trials provided relevant data. Authors' conclusions: In myotonic dystrophy, the effects of psychostimulants on excessive daytime sleepiness as assessed by the Maintenance of Wakefulness Test or Multiple Sleep Latency Test and on quality of life are very uncertain. Psychostimulants may improve hypersomnia as self-evaluated by the Epworth Sleepiness Scale and may increase the risk of adverse events. More randomised trials are needed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of psychostimulants in both the short and long term. ER  - 
Ofatumumab treatment for severe refractory anti-NMDAR encephalitis: A case series$$$ Rituximab is recommended as the preferred second-line immunotherapy for autoimmune encephalitis (AE). However, Ofatumumab (OFA), a novel fully human anti-CD20 antibody, has been reported infrequently in patients with AE. Among the various forms of AE, anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDAR) encephalitis is the most common and severe. This study presents three cases of severe anti-NMDAR encephalitis treated with OFA following the failure of first-line immunotherapy. The results indicated that the patients experienced no significant adverse reactions after receiving OFA, and their clinical symptoms improved markedly within one week of treatment. One month post-treatment with OFA, scores on the Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) and the Barthel Index of Activities of Daily Living (Barthel-ADL) increased, while scores on the modified Rankin Scale (mRS), Clinical Assessment Scale in Autoimmune Encephalitis (CASE), and Paroxysmal Sympathetic Hyperactivity Assessment Measure (PSH-AM) decreased. During the three-month and six-month follow-up periods, patients exhibited further symptomatic improvement, suggesting that OFA is a safe and effective treatment option for anti-NMDAR encephalitis. These findings propose a novel therapeutic strategy for severe refractory anti-NMDAR encephalitis. ER  - 
Brain Abscess Causes Brain Damage With Long-Lasting Focal Cerebral Hypoactivity that Correlates With Abscess Size: A Cross-Sectional 18F-Fluoro-Deoxyglucose Positron Emission Tomography Study$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Bacterial brain abscesses may have long-term clinical consequences, eg, mental fatigue or epilepsy, but long-term structural consequences to the brain remain underexplored. We asked if brain abscesses damage brain activity long term, if the extent of such damage depends on the size of the abscess, and if the abscess capsule, which is often left in place during neurosurgery, remains a site of inflammation, which could explain long-lasting symptoms in patients with brain abscess. METHODS: 2-[18F]-fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography (FDG-PET/CT), electroencephalography, and MRI were performed 2 days to 9 years after neurosurgery for bacterial brain abscess. RESULTS: FDG-PET/CT revealed hypometabolism in the neocortex or cerebellum overlying the previous bacterial abscess in 38 of 40 patients. The larger the abscess, the greater was the extent of the subsequent hypometabolism (r = 0.63; p = 3 × 10-5). In 9 patients, the extent of subsequent hypometabolism seemed to coincide with the extent of peri-abscess edema in the acute phase. Follow-up MRI after ≥1 year in 9 patients showed focal tissue loss and gliosis. In 13 patients with abnormal electroencephalography recordings, abnormalities extended beyond the cerebral lobe affected by the abscess, indicating damage to wider brain networks. The abscess capsule had an FDG signal indicating inflammation only during the first week after neurosurgical pus drainage. CONCLUSION: The bigger a brain abscess is allowed to grow, the more extensive is the long-term focal reduction in brain activity. This finding emphasizes the need for rapid neurosurgical intervention. The abscess capsule does not display long-lasting inflammation and probably does not explain long-term symptoms after brain abscess. ER  - 
Clinical and molecular genetic analysis of 18 cases of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis$$$ Objective To analyze the clinical and molecular genetic characteristics of patients with cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) to increase the awareness of the disease among clinicians. Methods The clinical data, including the age of onset and diagnosis, clinical manifestations, neuroimaging and neuroelectrophysiology and the genetic data of patients diagnosed with CTX in the Department of Neurology, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University from March 2017 to December 2023 were retrospectively collected and analyzed. Results A total of 18 patients were enrolled in this study, including 12 males and 6 females.The onset age was 10 (6, 29) years, with a minimum onset age of 3 years and a maximum onset age of 32 years; the period from onset to diagnosis was 19.00 (8.75, 24.25) years, with the shortest being 6 months and the longest being 35 years. Among the 18 patients, 16 patients had symptoms and signs of spastic paralysis, 9 patients had cognitive impairment and peripheral neuropathy, 8 patients had cerebellar ataxia, 3 patients had mental disorders, 3 patients had autonomic nervous dysfunction, and only 2 patients had seizures. Among the non-neurological symptoms, 9 patients had Achilles tendon xanthoma, of whom 1 patient was accompanied by patellar tendon xanthoma; 8 patients had adolescent cataracts, 6 patients had chronic diarrhea since childhood. All patients underwent brain MRI examination, among whom 15 patients had cerebellar dentate nucleus involvement, 10 patients had corticospinal tract involvement and 2 patients had normal brain MRI. Fourteen patients underwent nerve conduction and electromyography examinations, among whom 9 patients presented with multiple peripheral neuropathy characterized by motor or motor sensory demyelination. A total of 17 CYP27A1 gene variants were detected in 18 patients. The c.1420C>T and c.1263+1G>A were the hot-spot mutations in this cohort. Conclusions Spastic paralysis, cerebellar ataxia, tendon xanthoma and adolescent cataracts are typical manifestations of CTX. The cerebellar dentate nucleus and corticospinal tract are mainly involved on the neuroimaging. It should be noted that some patients lack the typical characteristics mentioned above. The c.1420C>T and c.1263+1G>A are the hot-spot mutations in this cohort. ER  - 
The public health significance of prior homelessness: Findings on multimorbidity and mental health from a nationally representative survey$$$ Aims The associations of prior homelessness with current health are unknown. Using nationally representative data collected in private households in England, this study aimed to examine Common Mental Disorders (CMDs), physical health, alcohol/substance dependence, and multimorbidities in people who formerly experienced homelessness compared to people who never experienced homelessness. Methods This cross-sectional study utilised data from the 2007 and 2014 Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Surveys. Former homelessness and current physical health problems were self-reported. Current CMDs, alcohol dependence and substance dependence were ascertained using structured validated scales. Survey-weighted logistic regression was used to compare multimorbidities (conditions in combination) for participants who formerly experienced homelessness with those who had never experienced homelessness, adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics, smoking status and adverse experiences. Population attributable fractions (PAFs) were calculated. Results Of 13,859 people in the sample, 535 formerly experienced homelessness (3.6%, 95% CI 3.2-4.0). 44.8% of people who formerly experienced homelessness had CMDs (95% CI 40.2-49.5), compared to 15.0% (95% CI 14.3-15.7) for those who had never experienced homelessness. There were substantial associations between prior homelessness and physical multimorbidity (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.98, 95% CI 1.53-2.57), CMD-physical multimorbidity (aOR 3.43, 95% CI 2.77-4.25), CMD-alcohol/substance multimorbidity (aOR 3.53, 95% CI 2.49-5.01) and trimorbidity (CMD-alcohol/substance-physical multimorbidity) (aOR 3.26, 95% CI 2.20-4.83), in models adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics and smoking. After further adjustment for adverse experiences, associations attenuated but persisted for physical multimorbidity (aOR 1.40, 95% CI 1.10-1.79) and CMD-physical multimorbidity (aOR 1.55, 95% CI 1.20-2.00). The largest PAFs were observed for CMD-alcohol/substance multimorbidity (17%) and trimorbidity (16%). Conclusions Even in people currently rehoused, marked inequities across multimorbidities remained evident, highlighting the need for longer-term integrated support for people who have previously experienced homelessness. ER  - 
Comparing the Neurocognitive Effects of Right-Unilateral Ultra-Brief Pulse Electroconvulsive Therapy and Magnetic Seizure Therapy for the Treatment of Major Depressive Episode$$$ BACKGROUND: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is under investigation as a treatment for adults with major depression. Prior research suggested that MST has comparable antidepressant efficacy with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), but with greater cognitive safety. The objective of the study was to compare the neurocognitive outcomes of patients receiving an acute course of MST with those receiving ECT for the treatment of major depressive episode. METHODS: This was a between-subject, double-masked, randomized, multi-center clinical trial. Seventy-three participants with a severe major depressive episode were enrolled and randomly assigned to treatment with MST (N = 38) or ultra-brief pulse right unilateral ECT (N = 35). The main outcomes were change in performance from baseline to end of acute treatment on multiple neurocognitive measures. RESULTS: Patients receiving MST, relative to those receiving ECT, had superior cognitive outcomes up to 72-hours post-treatment. Specifically, following MST treatment, there was significant improvement in fine motor dexterity (p=0.017) and no significant change in cognitive domains of attention, verbal fluency, executive function, and verbal learning and memory. In contrast, following treatment with ECT, patients demonstrated significantly worsened performance on measures of verbal fluency (p<0.001), executive function (p=0.038), and verbal memory retention (p<0.001). Autobiographical memory consistency significantly decreased following treatment with both ECT (p<0.001) and MST, though the magnitude of change was greater for ECT. CONCLUSIONS: The study findings confirm prior work and provide new evidence supporting the enhanced cognitive safety of MST relative to ECT. Future research is warranted on MST to optimize its application in individuals across the lifespan with neuropsychiatric illnesses. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00488748. ER  - 
“Heroic” medicine in neurology: A historical perspective$$$ Background and purpose: Repetitive bloodletting, promoting profuse diarrhoea and vomiting, the formation of artificial ulcers, and other aggressive treatment methods based on humoral theory and Brunonian medicine were used for patients with nervous system (NS) diseases until the end of the 19th century. These methods are also termed “heroic” medicine by modern medical historians. Methods: I analysed doctoral dissertations on the subject of NS diseases, clinical reports from 1806 to 1842 from the Vilnius University clinics, and other primary sources. This study was conducted in the vein of a historical–medical analysis and synthesis of primary sources, using comparative analysis, analogy, descriptive methods, and the method of retrospective diagnosis. Results: Copious bloodletting, purgatives, leeches, cupping therapy, and other potentially harmful methods were frequently employed as habitual treatments for patients with NS diseases. Calomel was used as a purgative and an anti-inflammatory drug, and acidum borussicum was prescribed for patients with hydrophobia. After analysing three clinical cases, I revealed how principles of desperate, “heroic” medicine were applied to treat severe NS diseases with the “strongest” drugs, described in the scientific literature of the time. Conclusions: My work was not intended to judge or criticize historical treatment methods but to demonstrate on what contemporary scientific theories they were based. We should not rule out the idea that some aggressive treatment methods used nowadays, although they eradicate or reduce the burden of a NS disease, or even prolong patients' lives, may offer exceptional examples of 21st century “heroic” medicine for future generations. ER  - 
Differentiating non-epileptic seizures from epileptic seizures in Glut1 deficiency syndrome$$$ Aim: To investigate the clinical characteristics of non-epileptic seizures due to transient brain dysfunction caused by energy deficiency after prolonged fasting or exercise in individuals with glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome (Glut1DS), and then elucidate further the seizure features to distinguish non-epileptic seizures from epileptic seizures. Method: This retrospective case–control study included 57 non-epileptic seizures and 23 epileptic seizures (control group) in 14 individuals (11 males, three females; aged 5–44 years, median = 20 years) with Glut1DS, all with a heterozygous pathogenic SLC2A1 mutation. Results: Non-epileptic seizures were classified as paroxysmal altered consciousness (n = 8), movement disorders (n = 35) (eye-head movements, ataxia, spasticity, weakness, involuntary movement), dysaesthesia (n = 8), and vomiting (n = 6) at the peak ages at onset of 5 to 10 years. Ketogenic diet therapy was effective in 33 of 43 (77%) non-epileptic seizures. Providing supplementary food before high-impact exercise or during attacks prevented or mitigated non-epileptic seizures in some individuals. Glut1DS-associated non-epileptic seizures are fundamentally situation-related seizures with specific provoking and ameliorating factors. Non-epileptic seizures can be distinguished from epileptic seizures by the absence of complete consciousness loss and rapid postictal recovery despite prolonged seizures. Interpretation: Non-epileptic seizures are not well recognized but require different therapeutic approaches compared to epileptic seizures. Awareness of the differentiation of non-epileptic seizures from epileptic seizures is essential when performing preventive or therapeutic decision-making for acute exacerbation seizures. What this paper adds: Non-epileptic seizures are invariably situation-related seizures. Non-epileptic seizures were classified as altered consciousness, movement disorders, dysaesthesia, and vomiting. Non-epileptic seizures were characterized by the absence of complete consciousness loss and were accompanied by rapid recovery. Non-epileptic seizures can occur simultaneously or consecutively with another. Supplementary food can be effective in preventing the development of sustained exercise-induced movement disorders. ER  - 
Ketamine reduces seizure and interictal continuum activity in refractory status epilepticus: a multicenter in-person and teleneurocritical care study$$$ Background: There is not a preferred medication for treating refractory status epilepticus (RSE) and intravenous ketamine is increasingly used. Ketamine efficacy, safety, dosage, and influence of other variables on seizure cessation while on ketamine infusions are not well studied. We aimed to characterize ketamine effect on RSE, including interictal activity on electroencephalogram (EEG) and when done by Teleneurocritical care (TNCC). Methods: We conducted a multicenter, retrospective study from August 2017 to October 2022. Patients 18 years or older who had RSE and received ketamine were included. The primary outcome was effect of ketamine on RSE including interictal activity; secondary outcomes were effect of other variables on RSE, care by TNCC, ketamine infusion dynamics, adverse events, and discharge outcomes. Logistic regression was used. Results: Fifty-one patients from five hospitals met inclusion criteria; 30 patients had RSE and interictal activity on EEG. Median age was 56.8 years (IQR 18.2) and 26% had previously diagnosed epilepsy. Sixteen (31%) patients were treated virtually by TNCC. In those with RSE on EEG, ketamine was added as the fourth antiseizure medication (mean 4.4, SD 1.6). An initial bolus of ketamine was used in 24% of patients (95 mg, IQR 47.5), the median infusion rate was 30.8 mcg/kg/min (IQR 40.4), and median infusion duration was 40 h (IQR 37). Ketamine was associated with 50% cessation of RSE and interictal activity at 24 h in 84% of patients, and complete seizure cessation in 43% of patients. In linear regression, ASMs prior to ketamine were associated with seizure cessation (OR 2.6, 95% CI 0.9–6.9, p = 0.05), while the inverse was seen with propofol infusions (OR 0.02, 95% CI 0.001–0.43, p = 0.01). RSE management by in-person NCC versus virtual by TNCC did not affect rates of seizure cessation. Conclusions: Ketamine infusions for RSE were associated with reduced seizure burden at 24 h, with 84% of patients having 50% seizure reduction. Similar efficacy and safety was observed irrespective of underlying RSE etiology or when done via TNCC vs in-person NCC. ER  - 
The effect of lithium variation coefficient on the risk of attack in patients with bipolar disorder: A pilot study$$$ Background: This study examines the association between the coefficient of variation (%CV) of lithium levels and episode risk and frequency in bipolar patients maintaining serum lithium levels within the therapeutic range. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed patients with bipolar disorder under care from 2018 to 2022. Inclusion criteria were at least 2 years of follow-up, a minimum of three annual lithium level measurements within the therapeutic range. Patients were categorized based on seizure status. We calculated mean lithium levels, standard deviation (SD), and %CV. Results: The study included 75 patients (patients with-without episodes, 39–36). Demographic data revealed no significant differences. While mean lithium levels showed no significant disparity between groups, SD and %CV were notably higher in patients with episodes (P <.05). ROC analysis demonstrated AUC values of 0.722 (95% CI: 0.607–0.836 P =.001) for %CV and 0.709 (95% CI: 0.593–0.826; P =.002) for SD. The optimal %CV cutoff was 17.39, with 67% sensitivity and 69% specificity. A weak correlation was found between %CV and the number of episodes (P =.001, r = 0.376). The post-hoc power analysis for this study was 0.78. Conclusions: Despite acceptable lithium levels, patients with recent episodes exhibited significant lithium level fluctuations. Integrating %CV with real-time lithium measurements during bipolar disorder follow-up may enhance clinical monitoring and seizure prediction. ER  - 
Characterizing drug-induced epidermal necrolysis in a pediatric cohort$$$ This study aims to characterize the timeline and clinical features of onset, progression, and management of drug-induced epidermal necrolysis in pediatric patients. Sixteen pediatric patients were retrospectively identified and selected if under age 18 years at admission with one identified culprit drug exposure. Culprit drugs were antiepileptics (12/16, 75%) and antibiotics (4/16, 25%). Notably, anti-epileptic drugs (AED) had delayed onset and reported dose escalations that precipitated symptom onset; thus, patients prescribed AED with or without planned dose escalations should be monitored for prodromal symptoms longer than the typical onset window. ER  - 
Investigation of patients with childhood epilepsy in single center: Comprehensive genetic testing experience$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy is a common multifactorial neurological disease usually diagnosed during childhood. In this study, we present the contribution of consecutive genetic testing to the genetic diagnostic yield of childhood epilepsy. Methods: In 100 children (53 female, 47 male) with epilepsy, targeted sequencing (TS) and clinical exome sequencing (CES) were performed. All cases (n = 100) included in the study were epilepsy patients. In addition, we investigated the genetic diagnosis rates according to the associated co-occurring findings (including developmental delay/intellectual disability, brain malformations, macro-/microcephaly, and dysmorphic features). Results: The overall diagnostic rate in this study was 33% (n = 33 patients). We identified 11 novel variants in WDR45, ARX, PCDH19, SCN1A, CACNA1A, LGI1, ASPM, MECP2, NF1, TSC2, and CDK13. Genetic diagnosis rates were as follows: cases with developmental delay/intellectual disability 38.7% (24/62) and without developmental delay/intellectual disability 23.6% (9/38); cases with brain malformations 46.8% (15/32) and without brain malformations 25% (16/64); cases with macro-/microcephaly 50% (6/12) and without macro-/microcephaly 28.4% (25/88); and cases with dysmorphic features 48.2% (14/29) and without dysmorphic features 23.9% (17/71). Conclusion: Genotype–phenotype correlation is even more important in diseases such as epilepsy, which include many genes and variants of these genes in etiopathogenesis. We presented the clinical findings of the cases carrying 11 novel variants in detail, including dysmorphic features, accompanying neurodevelopmental disorders, EEG results, and brain MRI results. ER  - 
Therapeutic drug monitoring for valproate: deriving a novel formula for calculation of free concentration$$$ Background: Monitoring free valproate concentrations, as with other highly protein-bound anticonvulsants, is essential in clinical situations where protein binding may be disrupted. Conversion of measured total concentrations to approximate free concentrations offers a cost-effective alternative. This study evaluated the relationship between total and free valproate concentrations for discordance and the impact of key determinants. A novel formula was devised that incorporates significant variables. Methods: A multicentre, cross-sectional observational analytical study included 101 subjects 18 years and older using valproate for 6 months or longer. Participants were recruited from private and public sector healthcare settings from primary to tertiary level in, South Africa, during 2017–2019. Results: Free valproate concentrations could be measured for 84 subjects. Discordance for concomitant total and free valproate concentrations was 79.1%. Among 19 participants with elevated free concentrations, 15 (78.9%) had total valproate concentrations within the recommended reference range. Calculations based on the study-derived formula were more accurate in predicting free valproate concentration than previously proposed methods. Conclusion: This study proposes that the novel formula for calculating free valproate enables more accurate prediction. ER  - 
The use of intranasal sufentanil and/or s-ketamine for treatment of procedural pain in children in an ambulatory setting: A retrospective observational study$$$ Background: Minor but painful medical procedures are often handled at the operating room. If safe and effective treatment options are available many procedures may be performed outside of the operating room. Objective(s): The objective of this study is to assess the adverse events of intranasal s-ketamine and/or sufentanil alone or as part of a multimodal analgesic regime for medical procedures outside of the operating room. Secondary outcomes included analgesic effect, doses and indications for use. Design: Retrospective observational study. Setting: Tertiary care paediatric hospital. Patients: Children 1 year up till 18 years. Intervention(s): Intranasal (IN) sufentanil (S), intranasal s-ketamine (K) or the free combination of the two drugs (SK). Main Outcome Measure(s): The frequency of adverse events including serious adverse events reported by intervention. Results: Between 2004 and 2014, 2185 medical procedures were registered, including 652 procedures with IN SK, 1469 procedures with IN S and 64 procedures with IN K. The children's median age was 5.6 years (range 1.0–17.9). Medical procedures with at least one adverse event were 18% with IN SK, 25% with IN K and 18% with IN S. Common adverse events included episodes of vomiting (9%), nausea (8%) and dizziness (3%). In two patients receiving IN S, serious adverse events occurred. One patient had respiratory depression and bronchospasm and another patient with cerebral palsy had a seizure. Both were handled immediately and did not result in any sequelae. The median doses of intranasal sufentanil were 38% lower when combined with s-ketamine (IN SK free combination: sufentanil dose 0.5 μg/kg (range 0.2–1.3) and s-ketamine dose 0.5 mg/kg (range 0.2–1.5). IN S monotherapy, sufentanil dose 0.8 μg/kg (range 0.2–2.7)). Similar analgesic effect was reported for S and SK. Conclusions: Intranasal sufentanil and/or s-ketamine are feasible for the treatment of procedural pain in an ambulatory setting with appropriate per- and post-procedural observations and trained staff. ER  - 
Factors associated with poor sleep in children with drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Objective: We aimed to investigate sleep in children with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE), including developmental and epileptic encephalopathies (DEEs). Next, we examined differences in sleep macrostructure and microstructure and questionnaire outcomes between children with well-controlled epilepsy (WCE) and children with DRE. Furthermore, we wanted to identify factors associated with poor sleep outcome in these children, as some factors might be targets to improve epilepsy and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in children 4 to 18-years-old. Children without epilepsy, with WCE, and with DRE were included. Overnight electroencephalography (EEG), including chin electromyography and electrooculography, to allow sleep staging, was performed. Parents were asked to fill out a sleep questionnaire. Classical five-stage sleep scoring was performed manually, spindles were automatically counted, and slow wave activity (SWA) in the first and last hour of slow wave sleep was calculated. Results: One hundred eighty-two patients were included: 48 without epilepsy, 75 with WCE, and 59 with DRE. We found that children with DRE have significantly lower sleep efficiency (SE%), less time spent in rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, fewer sleep spindles, and a lower SWA decline over the night compared to children with WCE. Subjectively more severe sleep problems were reported by the caregivers and more daytime sleepiness was present in children with DRE. Least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression showed that multifocal interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs), benzodiazepine treatment, and longer duration of epilepsy were associated with lower SE% and lower REM sleep time. The presence of multifocal discharges and cerebral palsy was associated with fewer spindles. Benzodiazepine treatment, drug resistance, seizures during sleep, intellectual disability, and older age were associated with lower SWA decline. Significance: Both sleep macrostructure and microstructure are severely impacted in children with DRE, including those with DEEs. Epilepsy parameters play a distinct role in the disruption REM sleep, spindle count, and SWA decline. ER  - 
Predictors of first hospitalization due to disease activity and infections in systemic lupus erythematosus patients$$$ Objectives: To identify the predictive factors of first hospitalization and associated variables to the main causes of hospitalizations in lupus patients from a Latin American cohort. Methods: The first hospitalization after entry into the cohort during these patients’ follow-up due to either lupus disease activity and/or infection was examined. Clinical and therapeutic variables were those occurring prior to the first hospitalization. Descriptive statistical tests, multivariable logistic, and Cox regression models were performed. Results: 1341 individuals were included in this analysis; 1200 (89.5%) were women. Their median and interquartile range (IQR) age at diagnosis were 27 (20–37) years and their median and IQR follow up time were 27.5 (4.7–62.2) months. A total of 456 (34.0%) patients were hospitalized; 344 (75.4%), 85 (18.6%) and 27 (5.9%) for disease activity, infections, or both, respectively. The predictors of the first hospitalization regardless of its cause were: medium (HR 2.03(1.27–3.24); p = 0.0028) and low (HR 2.42(1.55–3.79); p < 0.0001) socioeconomic status, serosal (HR 1.32(1.07–1.62); p = 0.0074) and renal (HR 1.50(1.23–1.82); p < 0.0001) involvement. Antimalarial (AM) use (HR 0.61(0.50–0.74); p < 0.0001) and achieving remission (HR 0.80(0.65–0.97); p = 0.0300) were negative predictors. Conclusions: The first hospitalization was associated with worse socioeconomic status and serosal and renal involvement. Conversely, AM use and achieving remission were associated with a lower risk of hospitalizations. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of seizure recurrence and epilepsy development in patients with alcohol-related seizures$$$ Background: Alcohol withdrawal is widely recognized as a trigger for acute symptomatic seizures among individuals with chronic alcohol consumption. While most alcohol withdrawal seizures occur shortly after cessation, chronic alcohol consumption can be associated with the development of epilepsy, necessitating anti-epileptic drug (AED) therapy. This study aimed to investigate the clinical characteristics, seizure recurrence, and epilepsy development in patients with alcohol-related seizures and to identify prognostic factors for epilepsy. Methods: In a retrospective analysis at Ewha Womans University Mokdong Hospital, 206 patients with alcohol-related seizures were examined and 15 were excluded due to preexisting epilepsy. Demographic and clinical data, including alcohol withdrawal duration, seizure recurrence, types, and comorbidities, were investigated. Logistic regression models were used to analyze the risk factors for seizure recurrence and epilepsy development. The performance of the final models was evaluated based on the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) and validated using calibration plots and leave-one-out cross-validation. Results: Of the 191 patients (146 males; mean age 48.3 ± 12.1 years) with alcohol-related seizures, 99 patients (51.8%) experienced seizure recurrence and 79 patients (41.4%) developed epilepsy. Factors associated with seizure recurrence included alcohol consumption levels, occurrence of focal impaired awareness seizure, anxiety, and headache. The number of recurrent seizures, semiology, status epilepticus, electroencephalogram findings, and brain imaging findings was associated with epilepsy development. The predictive models showed strong diagnostic performance, with AUCs of 0.833 for seizure recurrence and 0.939 for epilepsy development. Conclusion: High alcohol consumption and specific clinical and diagnostic features are significant predictors of seizure recurrence and the development of epilepsy among patients with alcohol-related seizures. These findings underscore the importance of early identification and intervention to prevent seizure recurrence and the onset of epilepsy, emphasizing the importance of AED treatment in managing these conditions. ER  - 
Investigating the association between generalized anxiety symptoms and social and communication impairments of autistic youth$$$ Background: Past research has found that overall anxiety and social anxiety symptoms are associated with the occurrence of social and communication challenges within autistic populations. Objective: The aim of this study was to determine whether generalized anxiety disorder symptoms were associated with social and communication symptoms in autistic youth. Method: The cross-sectional sample was comprised of 253 autistic youth aged 8-18 (196 Males, 57 Females). Participants were divided in a child (Grade 3-8) group and an adolescent (Grade 9-12) group. A hierarchical linear regression analysis was conducted to evaluate whether the generalized anxiety score predicted the social communication composite score, derived from the ADOS-2, after controlling for sex, grade level and expressive language ability. Results: Correlation analyses showed an association between social communication ability and general anxiety disorder symptoms in the child group such that those with greater anxiety had fewer social communication symptoms. However, after controlling for sex, grade, and language ability, general anxiety disorder symptoms did not predict social communication difficulties in either children or adolescents. Conclusions: Alongside past literature, these findings suggest that the different types of anxiety disorders may have differential impacts on autistic youth’s social and communication symptoms. Further research should investigate whether other anxiety subtypes affect autistic youth’s social and communication symptoms. ER  - 
A Retrospective Cohort Study of a Newly Proposed Criteria for Sporadic Creutzfeldt–Jakob Disease$$$ Background/Objectives: Sporadic Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease (sCJD) is a fatal neurodegenerative disorder traditionally diagnosed based on the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria in 1998. Recently, Hermann et al. proposed updated diagnostic criteria incorporating advanced biomarkers to enhance early detection of sCJD. This study aimed to evaluate the sensitivity and specificity of Hermann’s criteria compared with those of the WHO criteria in a large cohort of patients suspected of prion disease in Japan. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, we examined the new criteria using data of 2004 patients with suspected prion disease registered with the Japanese Prion Disease Surveillance (JPDS) between January 2009 and May 2023. Patients with genetic or acquired prion diseases or incomplete data necessary for the diagnostic criteria were excluded, resulting in 786 eligible cases. The sensitivity and specificity of the WHO and Hermann’s criteria were calculated by comparing diagnoses with those made by the JPDS Committee. Results: Of the 786 included cases, Hermann’s criteria helped identify 572 probable cases compared with 448 by the WHO criteria. The sensitivity and specificity of the WHO criteria were 96.4% and 96.6%, respectively. Hermann’s criteria demonstrated a sensitivity of 99.3% and a specificity of 95.2%, indicating higher sensitivity but slightly lower specificity. Fifty-five cases were classified as “definite” by both criteria. Conclusions: The findings suggest that Hermann’s criteria could offer improved sensitivity for detecting sCJD, potentially reducing diagnostic oversight. However, caution is advised in clinical practice to avoid misdiagnosis, particularly in treatable neurological diseases, by ensuring thorough exclusion of other potential conditions. ER  - 
Effectiveness of the Additional Risk Minimisation Measures for Valproate Among Healthcare Professionals and Patients: A Cross-Sectional Survey in Six European Countries$$$ Purpose: To assess the impact of the 2018 European additional risk minimisation measures (aRMMs) regarding the use of valproate in women of childbearing potential (WCBP) and during pregnancy. Methods: A cross-sectional, non-interventional survey conducted in six European countries among 1982 healthcare professionals (HCPs) (July–October 2020) and 779 WCBP treated with valproate for epilepsy, bipolar disorder or other indications (August 2020–February 2021). HCPs were prescribing physicians (neurologists, psychiatrists, paediatricians and GPs), gynaecologists and pharmacists. Prespecified criteria were defined for success in the dimensions of awareness, knowledge and behaviour (correct answers to ≥ 80% of questions at individual level) and overall success (≥ 90%/80% successful HCPs/patients respectively, in the behaviour dimension and one of the two other dimensions). Results: HCPs and patients did not meet the success criteria either overall or in any dimension. Highest success rates were in the behaviour dimension for gynaecologists (71.7%), pharmacists (49.7%) and patients (51.2%), and in the awareness dimension for prescribing physicians (23.6%). HCPs reported being unfamiliar with some educational materials and lacked knowledge of detailed prescribing conditions for valproate and the need for contraception regardless of sexual activity. More than 50% of patients were aware of the relevant patient materials and knew about the teratogenic risks of valproate. Conclusion: Self-reported levels of awareness, knowledge and behaviour varied considerably by HCP type and among patient respondents. Further investigation is needed into why certain measures of the pregnancy prevention programme are not well known and followed, to improve their effectiveness. This will be addressed in a qualitative study which will be based on interviews with HCPs and patients. ER  - 
Investigating the neurodevelopmental correlates of early adolescent-onset emotional problems$$$ Background: Emotional problems (EPs) increase sharply after mid-adolescence. Earlier EPs are associated with poorer long-term outcomes, and their underlying mechanisms may differ to later-onset EPs. Given an established relationship between ADHD, autism, and later depression, we aimed to examine associations between neurodevelopmental conditions and correlates and early adolescent-onset EPs. Methods: Adolescents in two UK population cohorts, Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) and Millennium Cohort Study (MCS), were included. Individuals scoring >6 on the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ) emotional problems subscale between ages 11–14 were defined as having early adolescent-onset EP, whilst those scoring >6 for the first time at 16–25 were defined as having later-onset EP. We tested associations between early adolescent-onset EP (total cases = 887, controls = 19,582) and ICD-10/DSM-5 neurodevelopmental conditions and known correlates, including: sex, birth complications, low cognitive ability, special educational needs (SEND), and epilepsy. Analyses were conducted separately in ALSPAC and MCS then meta-analysed. Results: In the meta-analysis of both cohorts, early adolescent-onset EPs were associated with female sex and greater likelihood of low cognitive ability, SEND, autism, ADHD, and reading difficulties. Compared to later-onset EP, early adolescent-onset EPs were associated with male sex, low cognitive ability, SEND, epilepsy, ASD, ADHD, and reading difficulties. Limitations: A clinical definition of depression/anxiety was available only in ALSPAC, instead we primarily defined EP via questionnaires, which capture a broader phenotype. Conclusions: Individuals with early adolescent-onset EP are likely to have a co-occurring neurodevelopmental condition. Clinicians should consider assessing for neurodevelopmental conditions in young adolescents with EPs. ER  - 
Impact of pandemics on primary care: changes in general practitioner antidepressant prescriptions and mental health referrals during lockdowns in England, UK$$$ Objectives: In recent times, the world has witnessed unprecedented challenges, with the COVID-19 pandemic being a major disruptor to various aspects of daily life. This article delves into the profound impact of pandemics on primary care, specifically focussing on changes in antidepressant prescriptions and mental health referrals before, during, and after lockdowns in England, UK. Methods: In this retrospective study, we used anonymised individual-level electronic health record data from general practitioner (GP) practices in the North of England, UK. We applied a negative binomial-logit hurdle model and a multinominal logit regression model to assess the impact on antidepressant prescriptions and GP referral types, respectively. Results: The initiation of antidepressant prescriptions showed a notable decrease during and post lockdowns, with a minor uptick in ongoing antidepressant prescriptions during the lockdown periods. Over the course of lockdowns and beyond, there was a growing trend of patients being referred to social prescribing interventions. Notably, individuals from ethnic minorities were more inclined to receive fewer medical treatments and more social prescribing interventions. Conclusion: The increase in antidepressant prescriptions during the pandemic-related lockdowns was expected due to these challenging circumstances. Reduced referrals to secondary mental health services occurred as online counselling services were deemed inappropriate by some doctors, and patients were hesitant to seek face-to-face help. Notably, there was a rise in social prescribing referrals, emerging as a valuable resource for psychological support amid heightened mental health strain. Additionally, ethnic minority patients were less likely to receive medical treatments but more likely to be referred to social prescribing services. Despite the inevitable negative impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, these findings highlight the active role of non-clinical support in a social model of health, addressing unmet needs and reducing barriers to mental health care for certain groups. ER  - 
CSF-profile and hypocretin levels in children with narcolepsy type 1 and 2$$$ Background: Narcolepsy is a rare neurological disease caused by dysfunction of hypocretin-producing neurons. Hypocretin concentrations in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of less than 110 pg/ml are considered pathological in adults. Objectives: To compare hypocretin levels of children with narcolepsy type 1, type 2 and disease control groups, in addition to a detailed CSF analysis, clinical and polysomnographic parameters. Methods: In a retrospective, cross-sectional study, children diagnosed with narcolepsy based on clinical and polysomnographic parameters, who received a CSF analysis and hypocretin measurement, in addition to controls, were included. CSF was analyzed for the presence of cells, total protein, lactate, intrathecal synthesis of antibodies against measles, rubella and/or varicella zoster, and oligoclonal bands. All children had a complete sleep study including a multiple sleep latency test (MSLT). Results: 49 children with narcolepsy type 1, 15 children with type 2 and 37 children with other (suspected) neurological diseases were included. CSF routine analysis did not reveal any differences between the three groups. All children with narcolepsy type 1 had hypocretin levels of less than 110 pg/ml (range: 10–101 pg/ml). Hypocretin levels in type 2 patients ranged from 43 to 436 pg/ml (median 157 pg/ml). The median hypocretin level in the control cohort was 365 pg/ml (range: 153–583 pg/ml). In 4 children with narcolepsy type 2 the diagnosis was changed to narcolepsy level 1 because of a CSF hypocretin level of less than 110 pg/ml according to the recently proposed criteria, which consider the measurement of hypocretin in CSF. Conclusion: Children with narcolepsy type 1 showed significantly lower CSF hypocretin levels than children with narcolepsy type 2 and controls. As suggested by the recently published narcolepsy criteria, hypocretin levels of less than 110 pg/ml should be used as an additional criterion for the presence of narcolepsy type 1 in children. ER  - 
Use of ECT in patients with organic catatonia$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered to be a treatment of choice in patients with catatonia, who do not respond to lorazepam, irrespective of the underlying aetiology. Although, significant data is available for successful use of ECT in patients with catatonia secondary to affective and psychotic disorders, little information is available for use of ECT in organic catatonia. Aim: To assess demographic and clinical profile of patients with organic catatonia receiving ECT. Methodology: Using a retrospective study design, ECT register of the department was reviewed for the period of 2019–2023 to identify the patients with organic catatonia, who received ECT. The treatment records of these patients were reviewed to extract the demographic and clinical profile. Results: During the study period, out of the 926 patients who received ECT, 12 (1.3 %) patients diagnosed with organic catatonia received ECT. The mean age of study sample was 41.67 (SD- 20.68) years and mean number of ECTs given in a course of ECT were 8 (SD- 4.3). In majority of the patients, ECT was considered after the failure of lorazepam challenge test. Majority (75 %) of the patients showed good response to ECT and only 16.67 % of the patients experienced complications during the course of ECT. Conclusion: ECT is an effective and well-tolerated treatment for organic catatonia. ER  - 
Clinico-epidemiological profile & outcome of patients presenting with cerebral venous thrombosis to emergency department$$$ Objectives: To better understand the clinical and radiological characteristics of Cerebral Venous Thrombosis (CVT), we conducted a study focusing on the assessment of neurological outcomes and factors associated with poor prognosis in patients with CVT. Methods: This prospective, observational study took place over two years (July 2020 to June 2022) in a tertiary care teaching hospital in South India, encompassing adults aged 18 years and over. Key data points included demographic information, symptomatology, physical and neurological examinations, neuroimaging findings, hospital interventions, and neurological outcomes at discharge and at a six-week telephonic follow-up. Results: A total of 140 patients with CVT, median age 34 years, were studied. 61.4 % were males. The most common symptoms and signs were headaches (70.7 %) and papilledema (60.7 %). Hemorrhagic infarct was the most prevalent finding on the non-contrast computed tomography (NCCT) of the brain, involving 39.4 % of patients. The most commonly affected sinus was the superior sagittal sinus. Risk factors most often observed were alcoholism (45 %), smoking (21.4 %), anemia (27.1 %), oral contraceptive pill usage (12.1 %), and hypertension (12.1 %). Deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism was present in 5 % of the patients. The mean hospital stay was 13.9 days, with 6.4 % of patients requiring endotracheal intubation at presentation and 22.9 % during their stay. The observed in-hospital mortality rate was 17.9 %, increasing to 22.4 % at the six-week follow-up. Morbidity (mRS 3–5) was 24.3 % at discharge, decreasing to 8.2 % at six-week follow-up. Favorable outcomes were reported in 57.9 % of cases at discharge, rising to 69.4 % at six weeks. Conclusions: Our study underscores the importance of recognizing cardinal symptoms and diverse risk factors of CVT, including alcoholism and anemia. Majority of CVT occurrences were observed in males aged 18–29. Critical determinants of heightened morbidity and mortality were identified, including lower GCS scores and the necessity for advanced interventions. Notably, majority of patients presented favorable neurological outcomes at six-week follow-up. ER  - 
Clinical correlates of perceived stigma among people living with epilepsy enrolled in a self-management clinical trial$$$ Background and Purpose: Stigma is a pervasive barrier for people living with epilepsy (PLWE) and can have substantial negative effects. This study evaluated clinical correlates of perceived stigma in a research sample of PLWE considered to be at high risk due to frequent seizures or other negative health events. Methods: Analyses were derived from baseline data from an ongoing Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)-funded randomized controlled trial (RCT) testing an epilepsy self-management approach. Standardized measures assessed socio-demographics, perceived epilepsy stigma, epilepsy-related self-efficacy, epilepsy self-management competency, health literacy, depressive symptom severity, functional status, social support and epilepsy-related quality of life. Results: There were 160 individuals, mean age of 39.4, (Standard deviation/SD=12.2) enrolled in the RCT, 107 (66.9 %) women, with a mean age of epilepsy onset of 23.9 (SD 14.0) years. The mean seizure frequency in the prior 30 days was 6.4 (SD 21.2). Individual factors correlated with worse perceived stigma were not being married or cohabiting with someone (p = 0.016), lower social support (p < 0.0001), lower self-efficacy (p < 0.0001), and lower functional status for both physical health (p = 0.018) and mental health (p < 0.0001). Perceived stigma was associated with worse depressive symptom severity (p < 0.0001). Multivariable linear regression found significant independent associations between stigma and lower self-efficacy (β −0.05; p = 0.0096), lower social support (β −0.27; p = 2.4x10-5, and greater depression severity (β 0.6; p = 5.8x10-5). Conclusions: Perceived epilepsy stigma was positively correlated with depression severity and negatively correlated with social support and self-efficacy. Providers caring for PLWE may help reduce epilepsy stigma by screening for and treating depression, encouraging supportive social relationships, and providing epilepsy self-management support. Awareness of epilepsy stigma and associated factors may help reduce some of the hidden burden borne by PLWE. ER  - 
Psychedelic mushroom-containing chocolate exposures: Case series$$$ Introduction: The recreational use of psilocybin or psilocin-containing products, a chemical found naturally in certain mushroom species, is on the rise across the United States. Several cases of serious clinical effects related to mushroom-containing products have recently been reported to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The emergence of these new products and their health consequences are not yet well understood. This case series aims to characterize exposures to mushroom-containing chocolate products, including patient characteristics, clinical effects, treatment(s), and clinical outcome severity, reported to a poison center network. Material and methods: This was a retrospective case series conducted in patients exposed to mushroom-containing chocolate products across three poison centers between January 2023 to August 2024. Patients were identified via a database search of ToxSentry®. Patients were included if they were exposed to a mushroom-containing chocolate product. Patients were excluded if they ingested an unrelated product or if there was insufficient information documented within ToxSentry®. The primary endpoint was to describe clinical outcome severity after exposure to mushroom-containing chocolate products. Results: A query of ToxSentry® identified 164 cases; 36 cases met study criteria. The median age of patients in this case series was 17 years old. For most patients (23, 64 %), the reason for the exposure was intentional, with 20 reporting intentional abuse or misuse of the product. Common clinical effects reported included mental status changes (26, 76 %), paranoia/hallucinations (10, 28 %), dysrhythmias (7, 19 %) and gastrointestinal discomfort (6, 17 %). There was one report of seizure. Most clinical effects lasted between 3 and 24 h after ingestion (29, 81 %). Intravenous fluids (18, 50 %) and benzodiazepines (7, 19 %) were the most common treatments given. No fatalities were reported. Discussion: While most patients in this series experienced minor clinical effects, some developed serious effects after ingestion of a mushroom-containing chocolate product. Findings from this study further characterize the limited patient demographics, clinical effects, and outcomes published thus far. Further characterization in a larger cohort of patients could expand on our initial findings and is needed to better identify factors that may influence clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Predicting intracranial bleeding during anticoagulation for venous thromboembolism within different time frames: Findings from the RIETE registry$$$ Background: The risk of intracranial bleeding during anticoagulation for venous thromboembolism (VTE) is substantial and persists beyond the initial treatment phase. We aimed to refine risk-assessment through phase-specific prognostic scores. Methods: We identified data from 77,786 VTE patients in the RIETE registry from March 2009 to October 2023 to develop two prognostic scores for intracranial bleeding. Multivariable Cox regression was used to analyze distinct variables for the early (≤90 days) and late (>90 days) phases, with comparative validation against existing scores (modified ACCP, RIETE, VTE-BLEED, and CHAP). Results: Intracranial bleeding occurred in 411 patients (0.53 %), with 208 cases in the early phase and 203 in the late phase. The 30-day mortality was 45 % and 35 %, respectively. Shared significant predictors for both phases include baseline abnormal mental status, brain cancer, recent intracranial bleeding, and epilepsy. Unique to early-phase bleeding were body weight, non-brain cancer, hypertension, dementia, thrombocytopenia, renal insufficiency, and thrombolytic therapy. Advanced age, pulmonary embolism initially, prior stroke, depression, treatment with direct oral anticoagulants, and use of corticosteroids predicted late-phase bleeding. Both prognostic scores showed a c-statistic of 0.68, outperforming existing scores. Conclusions: The study introduces two temporal prognostic scores for intracranial bleeding during anticoagulation for VTE. By discerning specific risk factors pertinent to each treatment phase, these scores outperform traditional models, offering an advanced tool for clinical decision-making. They hold significant potential for optimizing anticoagulation management and reducing bleeding-related mortality. ER  - 
Functional seizure semiology and classification in a public and private hospital$$$ Purpose: Our understanding of potential differences in seizure semiology among patients with functional seizures (FS), also known as psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), across socioeconomic contexts is currently limited. By examining the differences in seizure manifestations between different socioeconomic groups, we aim to enhance the understanding of how socioeconomic factors may influence FS presentation. This study aimed to describe FS semiology in patients from a private and public epilepsy monitoring units (EMUs) in Cape Town, South Africa. Methods: The study included patients with FS confirmed through video-electroencephalography (video-EEG) and without comorbid epilepsy. For this retrospective case-control study, data on seizure semiology was gathered from digital patient records, beginning with the earliest available record for each hospital. Results: A total of 305 patients from a private hospital and 67 patients from a public hospital were eligible for the study (N = 372). The private hospital tended to report more akinetic and subjective seizure types when compared to the public hospital. Additionally, patients at the public hospital had higher odds of reporting emotional seizure triggers (aOR=2.57, 95% CI [1.03, 6.37]), loss of consciousness or awareness (aOR=2.58, 95% CI [1.07, 6.24]), and rapid post-event recovery (aOR=6.01, 95% CI [2.52, 14.34]). At the same time, they were less likely to report both short (<30 s) (aOR=0.21, 95% CI [0.08, 0.55]) and long (>5 min) seizures (aOR=0.73, 95% CI [0.13, 0.56]), amnesia for the event (aOR=0.19, 95% CI [0.09, 0.43]), ictal aphasia (aOR=0.33, 95% CI [0.14, 0.76]) or falls and drop attacks (aOR=0.43, 95% CI [0.18, 0.996]), when compared to the private hospital patients. Conclusion: While the seizure manifestations were largely consistent across the two socioeconomic cohorts of patients with FS, some subtle differences were observed and warrant further investigation. ER  - 
UK Medical Cannabis Registry: a case series analyzing clinical outcomes of medical cannabis therapy for generalized anxiety disorder patients$$$ This study aims to analyze changes in health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and safety in patients with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) prescribed a homogenous selection of cannabis-based medicinal products (CBMPs). Patients prescribed Adven CBMPs (Curaleaf International, UK) for GAD were identified from the UK Medical Cannabis Registry. Primary outcomes were changes in patient-reported outcome measures (PROMs) from baseline up to 12 months, including GAD-7, Single-Item Sleep Quality Scale (SQS), and EQ-5D-5L. Adverse events were recorded using CTCAE version 4.0. A total of 120 patients were identified for inclusion, of which 38 (31.67%), 52 (43.33%), and 30 (25.00%) were prescribed oils, dried flower, and both formulations of CBMP. Associated improvements in GAD-7, SQS, and EQ-5D-5L at 1, 3, 6, and 12 months were observed compared to baseline (P < 0.010). There were 24 (20.00%) patients who reported 442 (368.33%) adverse events, most of which were mild (n = 184, 41.63%) and moderate (n = 197, 44.57%). This study reports an association between initiation of a homogeneous CBMP therapy and improvements in anxiety severity and HRQoL in individuals with GAD. Moreover, therapy was well-tolerated at 12 months follow-up. Further investigation through randomized controlled trials will ultimately be required to determine causation. ER  - 
Clinical presentation of young persons with epilepsy who have not transitioned to adult health care systems: A single-site retrospective cohort$$$ Objective: We aimed to determine the demographics and clinical presentation of young persons with epilepsy (YPE) 18-years and older who have not transitioned to adult health care systems (AHCS) and to investigate the number of neurology-related hospital encounters in this population before and after attaining adulthood. Methods: We conducted a single-site retrospective cohort study at Dayton Children's Hospital (DCH) between 12/01/2021 and 5/31/2022. We included epilepsy patients 18-years and older. Patient demographics, insurance, number of hospitalizations and Emergency Department (ED) visits before and after 18 years of age, clinical presentation, and comorbidities were collected. Results: 251 patient charts were reviewed. The median age was 20.9 years. The most common comorbidities were intellectual disability (36 %) and psychiatric illnesses (59 %). The majority had generalized epilepsy (52 %) and tonic-clonic seizures (56 %). 58 % of the patients had infrequent seizures in the past year. Documentation of transition to AHCS discussion occurred in only 3 % of patients before age 18 compared to 35 % of patients after age 18. There was a decrease in 30 % for ED visits and 15 % for neurology related hospitalizations after the age of 18. Conclusion: YPE 18-years of age and older who were managed by a pediatric neurologist at DCH had significant co-morbidities. However, they were clinically stable and rarely required admission to the hospital. Most of them did not have documentation about transition discussions. At DCH, YPE who have not transitioned to AHCS are clinically stable and well managed. ER  - 
Interictal head-turning sign in patients with idiopathic generalized epilepsy during initial medical interview: A matched multicenter study$$$ Background: Utilizing interictal manifestations for the diagnosis of epilepsy is challenging. We investigated whether an interictal “head-turning sign,” typically indicative of dependence on others observed in Alzheimer's disease, can act as a behavioral marker of idiopathic generalized epilepsy. Methods: This multicenter study examined 579 consecutive patients, with a mean age of 36.8 ± 20.4 years, who did not have an intellectual disability and had their first outpatient visit for epilepsy evaluation between 2019 and 2023. Patients were categorized into IGE, non-IGE epilepsy, non-epileptic, and psychiatric conditions based on their ultimate diagnostic outcomes to identify difference of the occurrence of the head-turning sign among them. Additionally, we extracted data from patients under the age of 40, specifically adolescents and young adults (AYA). Then we used propensity score matching to confirm the reproducibility of observed differences and to identify associated factors within the AYA age group. Results: The occurrence of the head-turning sign was significantly more prevalent in the IGE group compared to the non-IGE group (20.4 % vs. 2.2 %; P<0.0001) and non-epileptic group (20.4 % vs. 8.3 %; P=0.033). Following the matching, the head-turning sign was still evident in IGE relative to non-IGE patients (14.6 % vs. 4.5; P=0.004), yielding a 94 % specificity for IGE. IGE diagnosis (P<0.0001), myoclonic seizure (P<0.0001), being visited by a parent (P=0.017), and comorbidity with headache (P=0.021) were significantly associated with the head-turning sign. Multivariate analysis revealed that IGE (odds ratio: OR=2.80, P=0.028), attending with a parent (OR=2.92, P=0.029), and comorbidity with headache (OR=4.06, P=0.016) were independently associated with the head-turning sign. Conclusions: We confirmed a substantial association between the interictal “head-turning sign” and IGE. This unique sign may reflect a tendency towards dependence on others in IGE, and may serve as a promising diagnostic auxiliary marker for identifying IGE in the AYA age group. ER  - 
Multimorbidity in systemic lupus erythematosus in a population-based cohort: The Lupus Midwest Network$$$ Objectives: The objectives of this study were to assess the prevalence and incidence of multimorbidity and its association with the SLICC/ACR damage index (SDI) among patients with SLE. Methods: Using prevalent and incident population-based cohorts of patients with SLE and their matched comparators, we assessed 57 chronic conditions. Chronic conditions were categorized as SDI-related or SDI-unrelated. Multimorbidity was defined as the presence of two or more chronic conditions. The prevalence of multimorbidity for both cohorts was compared using logistic regression. Cox models were used to examine the development of multimorbidity after SLE incidence. Results: The prevalent cohort included 449 patients with established SLE on 1 January 2015. They were three times more likely to have multimorbidity compared with non-SLE comparators [odds ratio (OR) 2.98, 95% CI 2.18-4.11]. The incident cohort included 270 patients with new-onset SLE. At SLE incidence, patients with SLE were more likely to have multimorbidity than comparators (OR 2.27, 95% CI 1.59-3.27). After incidence, the risk of developing multimorbidity was 2-fold higher among patients with SLE than among comparators [hazard ratio (HR) 2.11, 95% CI 1.59-2.80]. The development of multimorbidity was higher in patients with SLE based on SDI-related conditions (HR 2.91, 95% CI 2.17-3.88) than on SDI-unrelated conditions (HR 1.73, 95% CI, 1.32-2.26). Conclusion: Patients with SLE had a higher burden of multimorbidity, even before the onset of the disease. The risk disparity continued after SLE classification and was also seen in a prevalent SLE cohort. Multimorbidity was driven both by SDI-related and unrelated conditions. ER  - 
Diagnostic Value of Intermittent Photic Stimulation among Adult Patients in a Tertiary Referral Epilepsy Center: A Retrospective Study$$$ Purpose:Photosensitivity is a phenomenon that may be elicited by standardized intermittent photic stimulation during EEG recording and is detected more frequently in children and adolescents. Nevertheless, at our Epilepsy Center, we routinely assess photosensitivity in all newly referred adult patients. In this investigation, we sought to address the diagnostic yield under the prerequisites described.Methods:We reanalyzed all routine EEG recordings among referrals to the department of adults during the first six months of 2019, including a simultaneous video that is always coregistered in our center. The prevalence of abnormal findings during photic stimulation was assessed.Results:Intermittent photic stimulation was performed on 344 patients. Photoparoxysmal response were detected in five subjects (1.5%). All patients were female. Four patients were diagnosed with idiopathic generalized epilepsy, and one with Doose syndrome. Photomyogenic responses were recorded in 1.1% and only in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. In two subjects with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, the typical seizure was provoked by intermittent photic stimulation (8.7% of all subjects with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in this cohort). Photoparoxysmal response was not detected in any subject with focal epilepsy, syncope, or other nonepileptic paroxysmal events. In every case of photoparoxysmal responses, increased photosensitivity had already been reported before recording.Conclusions:In our study, photoparoxysmal responses was a rare phenomenon among adults with a preponderance of females and idiopathic generalized epilepsies. Intermittent photic stimulation may be helpful in provoking typical psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and thus abbreviate the diagnostic process. Provided a careful history, routine intermittent photic stimulation in adults with epilepsy does not appear to be mandatory. ER  - 
Does Hyperventilation Increase the Diagnostic Yield of the Routine Electroencephalogram: A Retrospective Analysis of Adult and Pediatric Cohorts$$$ Purpose:While hyperventilation (HV) increases the diagnostic yield of EEG in children, there is conflicting evidence to support its application in adults. For the first time in history, a large cohort of patients has undergone EEGs without HV during the COVID-19 pandemic. Utilizing this opportunity, we sought to investigate whether HV increases the diagnostic yield of EEG in children compared with adults.Methods:Patients aged six years and above who had routine EEGs at Monash Health between January 2019 and December 2020 were studied. The cohort was divided into two, pediatric (younger than 18 years) and adult (18 years or older). Epileptiform abnormalities (ictal and interictal) were the outcomes investigated. The effect of HV was examined with logistic regression to determine odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals.Results:In total, we studied 3,273 patients (pediatric = 830, adult = 2,443). In the pediatric cohort, HV significantly increased the diagnostic yield of absence seizures (p = 0.01, odds ratios 2.44, 95% confidence intervals 1.21-4.93). In adults, HV did not increase the yield of absence seizures (p = 0.34, odds ratios 0.36, 95% confidence intervals 0.05-2.88). Interictal epileptiform discharges during HV were significantly more frequent in children compared with adults (p < 0.001, odds ratios 3.81, 95% confidence intervals 2.51-5.77).Conclusions:Hyperventilation is useful to increase the yield of interictal epileptiform discharges and absence seizures in pediatric patients but not in adults. Hence, routine EEG may be recorded in adults without HV when it is unsafe to perform. ER  - 
Do mindfulness interventions cause harm? Findings from the Learning to Apply Mindfulness to Pain (LAMP) Pragmatic Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Although mindfulness-based interventions (MBIs) are widely used in clinical and nonclinical settings, there has been little systematic study of their potential risks. To address this gap, we examined differences in psychological and physical worsening among participants in the usual care and intervention conditions of a 3-group, randomized pragmatic trial (Learning to Apply Mindfulness to Pain [LAMP]) that tested the effectiveness of 2 approaches to delivering MBIs to patients with chronic pain. Methods: The sample consisted of 374 male and 334 female patients with chronic pain enrolled in the LAMP trial who completed a 10-week follow-up survey, 61% of whom had a mental health diagnosis. Psychological and physical worsening was assessed by a checklist asking whether participants experienced specific symptoms since beginning the study. We used multivariable logistic regression models with imputed data to determine whether predicted probabilities of increased symptoms differed between usual care and the 2 MBIs. Results: Participants in usual care were more likely to report experiencing increased psychological and physical worsening than were those in the MBIs, including an increase in disturbing memories; sadness, anxiousness, and fatigue; isolation and loneliness; and feeling more upset than usual when something reminded them of the past. Conclusions: MBIs do not appear to cause harm, in terms of increased symptoms, for this population of patients with chronic pain and high levels of mental health comorbidities. Clinical trial registration: Preregistration with an analysis plan at www.ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04526158. Patient enrollment began December 4, 2020. ER  - 
Epidemiology of pediatric meningitis and encephalitis in Japan: a cross-sectional study$$$ Information on the epidemiology and cause-specific clinical features of pediatric meningitis and encephalitis is limited, owing to conventional laboratory methods' limitations in identifying causative pathogens. The FilmArray Meningitis/Encephalitis (FA-M/E) panel, a molecular diagnostic tool, can detect 14 pathogens within 1 hour. We investigated meningitis and encephalitis epidemiology among children in Japan and FA-M/E panels' utility in their clinical management. This cross-sectional study was conducted among children aged 0–18 years admitted to seven regional hospitals in western Japan between October 2022 and September 2023. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) samples were collected from 221 children and tested using the FA-M/E panel. Clinical and microbiological data were reviewed retrospectively. Fifty-eight patients tested positive using the FA-M/E panel. Viral and bacterial pathogens were detected in 49 and nine cases, respectively. Human parechovirus and enterovirus occurred mainly in epidemic clusters during the summer and were primarily detected in young infants. Patients who tested positive for human parechovirus had a significantly higher frequency of sepsis-like manifestations and a lower frequency of CSF pleocytosis than did those who tested positive for enterovirus. CSF pleocytosis was absent in 30 patients who tested positive using the FA-M/E panel. Among the patients who tested positive for bacteria, three of the nine were not diagnosed using conventional culture methods, owing to prior antimicrobial therapy. The FA-M/E panel can identify bacterial and viral pathogens causing pediatric meningitis and characterize the epidemiology in local communities. ER  - 
Prevalence of Depression in Patients with Epilepsy: A Single Center Cross-sectional Study at a Tertiary Care Hospital$$$ Background: Depression in persons with epilepsy (PWE) negatively impacts the quality of life (QOL), increasing suicidal risk and increasing healthcare costs. Aim: To assess the prevalence of depression in recently diagnosed PWE and the impact of seizure variables on depression. Study design: A prospective study of recently diagnosed epilepsy patients attending a tertiary hospital in government Tirunelveli Medical College Hospital. Materials and methods: Recently diagnosed epilepsy patients (n = 100) were administered the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) translated into local vernacular language for quantitative assessment of depression. Statistical analysis: Chi-squared test and logistic regression analysis were used to assess the impact of seizure-related variables on BDI scores (p < 0.05 was considered significant). Results: Using the BDI, the prevalence of depressive symptoms in PWE was 48%. A strong correlation coefficient of 0.8 was obtained on the PWE scores on both scales, demonstrating their effectiveness in detecting depressive symptoms. Conclusion: Depression was more common in PWE than in the general population. Depression may be seen even before the onset of epilepsy in some patients, thereby hinting at a probable similar mechanism. Patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and major depressive disorder show changes in serotonergic 5-hydroxytryptophan (5HT) 1A receptor density in their brains, as observed using positron emission tomography. It is crucial to promptly identify and manage depression in newly diagnosed epilepsy patients, along with administering appropriate antiepileptic drugs. ER  - 
Association of oxidative balance score with epilepsy and moderate to severe depression: Insights from the NHANES study$$$ Background: Depression is a significant public health issue, closely associated with epilepsy and oxidative stress (OS). This study aims to explore the level of OS in patients with epilepsy and its relationship with moderate to severe depression (MSD). Methods: This cross-sectional study includes 10,819 participants aged 20–80 from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) database (2013–2020 pre-pandemic). Depression symptoms were assessed using the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), and epilepsy was diagnosed based on antiepileptic drug use in the past 30 days. The oxidative balance score (OBS) was calculated from dietary recall and lifestyle habits over the previous 24 h. Results: Compared to non-epileptic subjects, epileptic patients have a significantly higher prevalence of depression. Epileptic patients exhibit lower OBS and Dietary Oxidative Balance Scores (DOBS), while there is no significant difference in Lifestyle Oxidative Balance Scores (LOBS). Depressed patients show lower OBS, DOBS, and LOBS. The mediation model indicates that DOBS mediates 3.44 % of epilepsy-related MSD. Conclusions: Epileptic patients exhibit significantly higher levels of OS and consume more pro-oxidant foods compared to the general population. However, their lifestyle habits do not differ significantly from those of the control group. Additionally, epileptic patients are at a higher risk of developing MSD. Although a pro-oxidant diet may be associated with epilepsy-mediated MSD, its mediating effect is relatively weak. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental predictors of treatment response in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder$$$ BACKGROUND: Treatment resistance is a major challenge in psychiatric disorders. Early detection of potential future resistance would improve prognosis by reducing the delay to appropriate treatment adjustment and recovery. Here, we sought to determine whether neurodevelopmental markers can predict therapeutic response. METHODS: Healthy controls (N = 236), patients with schizophrenia (N = 280) or bipolar disorder (N = 78) with a known therapeutic outcome, were retrospectively included. Age, sex, education, early developmental abnormalities (obstetric complications, height, weight, and head circumference at birth, hyperactivity, dyslexia, epilepsy, enuresis, encopresis), neurological soft signs (NSS), and ages at first subjective impairment, clinical symptoms, treatment, and hospitalization, were recorded. A supervised algorithm leveraged NSS and age at first clinical signs to classify between resistance and response in schizophrenia. RESULTS: Developmental abnormalities were more frequent in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder than in controls. NSS significantly differed between controls, responsive, and resistant participants with schizophrenia (5.5 ± 3.0, 7.0 ± 4.0, 15.0 ± 6.0 respectively, p = 3 × 10-10) and bipolar disorder (5.5 ± 3.0, 8.3 ± 3.0, 12.5 ± 6.0 respectively, p < 1 × 10-10). In schizophrenia, but not in bipolar disorder, age at first subjective impairment was three years lower, and age at first clinical signs two years lower, in resistant than responsive subjects (p = 2 × 10-4 and p = 9 × 10-3, respectively). Age at first clinical signs and NSS accurately predicted treatment response in schizophrenia (area-under-curve: 77 ± 8%, p = 1 × 10-14). CONCLUSIONS: Neurodevelopmental features such as NSS and age of clinical onset provide a means to identify patients who may require rapid treatment adaptation. ER  - 
Combined Methylphenidate and Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors in Adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder$$$ Importance: Depression is a common comorbidity of adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and the combination of methylphenidate and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) is a frequently prescribed treatment. However, there is limited clinical evidence on the safety of this medication combination in adults with ADHD. Objective: To evaluate the safety of administering a combination of SSRI and methylphenidate in adults with ADHD and comorbid depression. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cohort study obtained data from a nationwide claims database in South Korea from January 2016 to February 2021. Participants were adults aged 18 years or older with a diagnosis of ADHD and depressive disorder who were prescribed methylphenidate. Comparisons of 4 groups who received prescriptions were conducted: (1) SSRI plus methylphenidate (hereafter, SSRI) group vs methylphenidate-only group and (2) methylphenidate plus fluoxetine (hereafter, fluoxetine) group vs methylphenidate plus escitalopram (hereafter, escitalopram) group (compared to find a preferable treatment option). Data analysis was conducted between July and December 2023. Exposures: New users of the methylphenidate and SSRI combination among adults with both ADHD and depressive disorder. Main Outcomes and Measures: A total of 17 primary and secondary outcomes, including neuropsychiatric and other events, were assessed, with respiratory tract infection used as a control outcome. Groups were matched at a 1:1 ratio using a propensity score to balance confounders. A Cox proportional hazards regression model was used to calculate hazard ratio (HRs) and 95% CIs. Subgroup analysis by sex and sensitivity analyses in varying epidemiologic settings were conducted. Results: The study included 17 234 adults with ADHD (mean [SD] age at study entry, 29.4 [10.8] years; 9079 females [52.7%]). There was no difference in the risk of outcomes between the methylphenidate-only and SSRI groups, except for a lower risk of headache in the SSRI group (HR, 0.50; 95% CI, 0.24-0.99). In sensitivity analyses of fluoxetine vs escitalopram, the risk of hypertension (HR: 1:n matching, 0.26; 95% CI, 0.08-0.67) and hyperlipidemia (HR: 1:n matching, 0.23; 95% CI, 0.04-0.81) was lower in the fluoxetine group than in the escitalopram group. Conclusions and Relevance: Results of this study revealed no significant increase in adverse event risk associated with use of SSRI plus methylphenidate vs methylphenidate alone in adults with ADHD and comorbid depression. Instead, the combination was associated with a lower risk of headache. ER  - 
Health Disparities Among Sexual and Gender Minority People Living With Epilepsy: A Cross-Sectional Analysis$$$ Background and ObjectivesVisibility of sexual and gender minority (SGM) people has been steadily increasing over the recent years; however, little is known about the distinct seizure and mental health characteristics among SGM people with epilepsy. In this study, we describe these characteristics among SGM subgroups. Methods Data on demographics, seizure metrics, mental health, and quality of life were collected using patient-reported questionnaires gathered at first epilepsy clinic visits as part of routine clinical care from January 2019 to September 2023 at Massachusetts General Hospital. SGM people were defined as people who completed both sexual orientation and gender identity questionnaires and reported a sexual orientation other than heterosexual and/or a gender identity other than cisgender. Seizure control was defined as 1 year or more without experiencing seizures. Anxiety, depression, and quality-of-life data were collected through ordinal scales (GAD-7, PHQ-9, and PROMIS 10, respectively). Descriptive statistics were used to compare data between groups. No association test was performed because of the descriptive nature of this study. Results From 4,046 first-visit questionnaires, 2,166 (53.53%) had sexual orientation and gender identity information, with 143 (6.6%) of these respondents identified as SGM. Seizure control was present in 27 (65.85%) and 401 (62.95%) heterosexual cisgender respondents. Median values of SGM and heterosexual cisgender respondents were 5 (interquartile range [IQR] 8) and 3 (IQR 6) for PHQ-9 (depression), 4 (IQR 7) and 3 (IQR 10) for GAD-7 (anxiety), 41.1 (IQR 14.5) and 45.8 (IQR 14.5) for PROMIS-10-Mental, and 47.7 (IQR 11.8) and 50.8 (IQR 15.4) for PROMIS-10-Physical, respectively. Discussion This study provides one of the first overviews of distinct epilepsy, mental health, and quality-of-life metrics among SGM people. The low proportion of survey responses regarding sexual orientation and gender identity fields indicate the need for improved data collection methods in epilepsy clinics. ER  - 
Cerebral venous thrombosis in children an 18-year review of a Portuguese hospital$$$ Introduction: Cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT) is an uncommon and clinically heterogeneous cerebrovascular particularly in children, only a few published case series focused in the pediatric population. Patients and methods: Retrospective single-center observational and analytical study of consecutive pediatric patients admitted in a level II Portuguese hospital with a confirmed diagnosis of CVT, from 2003 to 2021. Clinical presentation, neuroimaging findings, prothrombotic factors, treatment strategies, outcome and recanalization were documented. Results: Twelve children were included (58% female). Mean age was 7.3 years. The most frequent symptoms were vomiting, headache and behavioral alterations. Infection was the triggering factor in 50% of the cases. The diagnosis of CVT was made based on imaging evidence of thrombosis through magnetic imaging resonance (MRI) with venography and/or computed tomography (CT) with venography. In 67% of cases there were multiples sinuses involved; the transverse sinus was the most affected, followed by the sigmoid sinus. In 83% of cases anticoagulant therapy was initiated with low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) and associated prothrombotic factors were investigated, with no major prothrombotic factors identified. No deaths occurred, but 30% had long-term neurological sequelae. One patient recurred 18 years later. Conclusion: The results of this study are consistent with data from other published studies. MRI is the preferred imaging method for diagnosis in children by avoiding ionizing radiation and allowing identification of subjacent causes. Anticoagulation with LMWH is recommended and important to reduce mortality and sequelae. Infectious diseases are the most common trigger for CVT and can also be the cause for high morbidity and poor outcomes. ER  - 
SETBP1 haploinsufficiency and related disorders clinical and neurobehavioral phenotype study$$$ To comprehensively investigate the neurodevelopmental profile and clinical characteristics associated with SETBP1 haploinsufficiency disorder (SETBP1-HD) and SETBP1-related disorders (SETBP1-RD). We reported genetic results on 34 individuals, with behavior and clinical data from 22 with SETBP1-HD and 5 with SETBP1-RD, by assessing results from medical history interviews and standardized adaptive, clinical, and social measures provided from Simons Searchlight. All individuals with SETBP1-HD and SETBP1-RD exhibited neurological impairments including intellectual disability/developmental delay (IDD), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autism spectrum disorder, and/or seizures, as well as speech and language delays. While restricted interests and repetitive behaviors present challenges, a relative strength was observed in social motivation within both cohorts. Individuals with SETBP1-RD reported a risk for heart issues and compared to SETBP1-HD greater risks for orthopedic and somatic issues with greater difficulty in bowel control. Higher rates for neonatal feeding difficulties and febrile seizures were reported for individuals with SETBP1-HD. Additional prominent characteristics included sleep, vision, and gastrointestinal issues, hypotonia, and high pain tolerance. This characterization of phenotypic overlap (IDD, speech challenges, autistic, and attention deficit traits) and differentiation (somatic and heart issue risks for SETBP1-RD) between the distinct neurodevelopmental disorders SETBP1-HD and SETBP1-RD is critical for medical management and diagnosis. ER  - 
Impact of hospital-administered extended-release naltrexone on readmission rates for patients with alcohol use disorder$$$ Background and Aims: Alcohol use disorder (AUD) is a persistent public health concern, contributing significantly to mortality and morbidity. This study aims to evaluate the impact of in-hospital extended-release naltrexone (XR-NTX) administration on alcohol-related outcomes. Methods: This retrospective cohort study, conducted at an academic medical centre, included 141 adult patients with AUD who received XR-NTX between December 2020 and June 2021. Primary and secondary outcomes were assessed 90 days before and after XR-NTX administration to identify number of alcohol-related hospitalisations, emergency department (ED) visits and average length of hospital stay. Subgroup analyses assessed outcomes in high hospital utilisers and marginally housed or unhoused populations. Results: There was a significant decrease in ED visits and length of hospital stay post XR-NTX and no significant difference in the number of rehospitalisations. Subgroup analysis showed significant reduction in hospital readmissions and ED visits among high hospital utilisers. Our sample was a predominantly middle-aged, male and white patient population. Conclusions: In-hospital initiation of XR-NTX for AUD was associated with a significant decrease in ED visits and length of hospital stay. While no significant impact on the number of hospitalisations was observed overall, there was a substantial reduction in hospital readmissions and ED visits among high utilisers. Our findings suggest the potential benefits of in-hospital XR-NTX, emphasising the need for further research to establish causal relationships, assess cost-effectiveness and explore effectiveness across diverse patient populations. Effective in-hospital interventions, such as XR-NTX, hold promise for improving patient outcomes and reducing the healthcare burden associated with AUD. ER  - 
Insufficient evidence for an association between iatrogenic Alzheimer's disease and cadaveric pituitary-derived growth hormone$$$ A Nature Medicine paper published in January 2024 describes eight cases of iatrogenic Alzheimer's disease in individuals who received cadaveric pituitary-derived human growth hormone. The paper's conclusions argue for the transmissibility of Alzheimer's disease, which, if true, would create a significant public health crisis. For example, neurosurgical practices would require substantial revision, and many individuals who have undergone neurosurgical procedures would now be at considerable risk of Alzheimer's disease. A detailed review of the presented cases reveals that they do not have Alzheimer's disease, and there are alternative explanations for the cognitive decline described. In people with progressive cognitive decline, the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease requires a demonstration of amyloid and tau pathology or amyloid and tau biomarkers. Extensive tau pathology is not demonstrated, and some also lack amyloid beta pathology. The cases described in this paper do not meet the criteria for dementia due to Alzheimer's disease by clinical and pathological standards. Highlights: Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease has been transmitted by cadaveric growth hormone. There is no evidence for the transmission of Alzheimer's disease by cadaveric growth hormone. There is no evidence that Alzheimer's disease is transmissible. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes and adaptive behavior in adult patients with Lennox–Gastaut syndrome$$$ Objective: Lennox–Gastaut syndrome (LGS) is a severe form of epilepsy characterized by difficult-to-control seizures and cognitive dysfunction. Previous studies mainly focused on pediatric populations, and little is known about the long-term cognitive outcome in adult patients with LGS. The objective of this study was to investigate the long-term functional and adaptive behavior in adult patients with LGS. Methods: This cross-sectional study enrolled adult patients diagnosed with LGS according to the recently published International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) diagnostic criteria. The adaptive behavior of participants was assessed using the Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales, Survey Interview, Second Edition (VABS-II). Demographic, clinical, electroencephalography (EEG), and antiseizure medication (ASM) data were also collected at different timepoints, to investigate their association with VABS-II scores. Results: The study included 38 adult patients with LGS. A low score on the Adaptive Behavior Composite Scale was found in all patients. When considering single VABS-II domains, particularly low scores were found in daily living skills and socialization, whereas slightly higher performances were observed in communication. An earlier age at LGS diagnosis was identified as the most significant predictor of worse adaptive outcomes in adult life. At the time of study evaluation, high seizure frequency, higher EEG background slowing, and multifocal EEG epileptiform abnormalities were significantly associated with lower VABS-II raw scores. Furthermore, in an exploratory correlation analysis with ASM regimen at the study visit, treatment with cannabidiol was associated with higher adaptive behavior scores, whereas benzodiazepine intake correlated with lower scores. Significance: This study provides relevant insights into the long-term challenges faced by adults with Lennox–Gastaut syndrome (LGS), highlighting significant impairments in adaptive behavior as well as the associated clinical and electroencephalography features. Additionally, this study provides a more specific neuropsychological profile in adults with LGS and underscores the importance of comprehensive care approaches that go beyond seizure control in this population. Plain Language Summary: This study examined adults with Lennox–Gastaut syndrome (LGS), a severe type of epilepsy, to understand their long-term abilities to perform daily tasks and adapt socially. We found that these adults have significant difficulties with daily living and social skills, although not all areas were equally affected. They performed somewhat better in communication, particularly in understanding others (receptive communication). Importantly, the younger the age at which LGS was diagnosed, the worse their outcomes were as adults. This study highlights the need for research and treatment approaches that focus not only on controlling seizures but also on improving daily life skills. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic (functional) seizures in adults with intellectual disability and epilepsy: A matched case–control study$$$ Objective: To describe the characteristics of psychogenic non-epileptic (functional) seizures (PNES) in adults with epilepsy and intellectual disability (ID) and to establish differences and risk factors regarding psychosocial functioning between individuals with and without PNES. Methods: Adults with ID and epilepsy living in epilepsy care facilities in The Netherlands were screened for PNES by a neurologist. A control group consisting of people with epilepsy and ID, without PNES, was matched according to age, sex, and level of ID. Objective data were retrieved retrospectively from clinical notes of the resident. Standardized questionnaires and tests, adjusted for people with ID, were obtained from participants and their nursing staff. Differences were analyzed using paired t tests, Wilcoxon signed-rank tests, or McNemar's tests, appropriate for matched case–control studies. Conditional logistic regression identified PNES risk factors. Results: Five hundred forty individuals were screened, of which 42 had PNES (point prevalence 7.8%). In total, 35 cases and 35 controls gave consent. Proxy reports indicated that PNES impacted daily life in 79% by adjusting the individual's schedule, and caused minor injuries in one-third. Those with PNES were mainly female (69%); had a mild (46%) or moderate (37%) level of ID; showed more symptoms of depression (p =.024), anxiety (p =.030), self-injurious behavior (p =.015); and experienced more negative life events (p <.001). Clinically relevant predictors of PNES were the number of negative life events (odds ratio [OR] 1.71, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.12–2.53) and self-injurious behaviors (OR 5.27, 95% CI.97–28.81). Significance: Previously, PNES in individuals with ID and epilepsy were described mainly as a reinforced behavioral pattern, due to limited associations with psychiatric disorders. Our results demonstrate that this population does show individual psychosocial vulnerabilities when measured with instruments adjusted for this population, as indicated by proxy reports from daily caregivers. Viewing PNES as an involuntary response, especially for stress-prone individuals with ID, could reduce stigma and improve treatment. ER  - 
Screening for depression in patients with epilepsy: What are the benefits for physicians and patients in the real-life setting$$$ Objective: Screening for depression in people with epilepsy (PWE) is highly recommended in order to avoid underdiagnosis, misdiagnosis, or delayed diagnosis of this highly impacting comorbidity. Here we evaluated the impact of reporting and suggesting depression via the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) on medical decision-making, and thereby the value of a depression screening for good medical practice. Methods: Of 445 BDI data sets, PWE with scores indicating moderate (BDI 19–29) to severe depressive disorder (BDI >29) were extracted and clinical reports were retrospectively reviewed regarding decisions on antidepressants, anti-seizure medications (ASMs), and non-pharmaceutical interventions. Results: Sixty-four PWE (14%; 56% female; mean age 39.7 years) showed elevated BDI scores, with 40 (63%) categorized as moderate depression and 24 (37%) as severe depression. Thirty-nine percent of PWE already had a pre-existing diagnosis of depression and 53% left the clinic with the diagnosis of depression, half of them with antidepressants. High depression scores were associated with any intervention in 53%, interventions with potentially mood affecting ASM in 19%, treatment with antidepressants in 11%, and non-pharmaceutical interventions in 41%. Non-pharmaceutical interventions were related to BDI scores. Changes of potentially mood-affecting ASMs were more frequent in PWE with moderate scores, and introduction of antidepressants appeared as a trend related to higher depression scores. Significance: The finding of an only weak relation between high depression scores, diagnoses of depression, and treatment consequences questions the diagnosis and treatment pathway and the clinical value of the BDI screening in PWE. Prospective standard procedures need to be established for depression diagnosis and treatment including follow-up evaluations of the validity of the diagnosis and effectiveness of the decisions taken. ER  - 
An Epidemiological Study of Physical–Mental Multimorbidity in Youth: Une étude épidémiologique de la morbidité physique-mentale chez les jeunes$$$ Objective: This epidemiological study estimated the lifetime prevalence of chronic physical illness (i.e., an illness that lasted or was expected to last ≥6 months) and 6-month prevalence of mental disorder and multimorbidity (i.e., ≥1 physical illness and ≥1 mental disorder) in youth. Associations between physical illness and mental disorder were quantified, including the number of illnesses. Secondary objectives examined factors associated with mental disorder, after controlling for physical illness. Methods: Data come from 10,303 youth aged 4–17 years in the 2014 Ontario Child Health Study (OCHS). Physical illness was measured using a list of chronic conditions developed by Statistics Canada. Mental disorders were measured using the OCHS Emotional Behavioural Scales. The Health Utility Index Mark III assessed overall functional health. Results: Weighted prevalence estimates showed 550,090 (27.8%) youth had physical illness, 291,986 (14.8%) had mental disorder, and 108,435 (5.4%) had multimorbidity. Physical illness was not associated with mental disorder. However, youth with 2 physical illnesses, as compared to no physical illnesses, had increased odds of having any mental (OR = 1.75 [1.08, 2.85]), mood (OR = 2.50 [1.39, 4.48]) and anxiety disorders (OR = 2.40 [1.33, 4.31]). Mean functional health scores demonstrated a dose–response association across health status categories, with the highest scores among healthy youth and the lowest scores among multimorbid youth (all p <.05). Conclusion: Chronic physical illness and mental disorders are prevalent in youth. Youths with 2 physical illnesses have a higher likelihood of mental disorders. Higher functional health scores protected against all mental disorders. Mental health interventions for youth should promote strong overall functional health. Plain Language Summary Title: Physical-Mental Multimorbidity in Ontario Youth. ER  - 
Enhancing quality of life in epilepsy with a digital intervention (emyna): Results of the ELAINE randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Despite the availability of pharmacological treatment for seizures, people with epilepsy (PwE) commonly experience impairments in quality of life (QoL). Given the limited access to psychosocial treatments for PwE, digital interventions could bridge treatment gaps and help improve QoL. The objective of this study was to examine the effectiveness of emyna, a fully automated digital intervention based on cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) techniques, in improving health-related QoL among PwE who reported impairments in QoL. A previous trial showed that emyna was effective in improving depressive symptoms among PwE with a comorbid depressive disorder, but its effects on QoL among PwE without comorbid depression remain unknown. Methods: A pragmatic randomized controlled trial was conducted with N = 438 PwE (mean age = 37.5, 70.3% women, physician-verified diagnoses) who were assigned to the intervention group (n = 216), which used emyna alongside treatment as usual (TAU), or the control group (n = 222), which received TAU only. QoL and secondary outcomes such as general self-efficacy, medication adherence, general distress, and epilepsy-related work and social adjustment were assessed at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months. The primary outcome was QoL assessed with the Quality of Life in Epilepsy [QOLIE-31] total score at 3 months post-randomization. Results: Findings from the intent-to-treat analyses showed that after 3 months, participants in the intervention group experienced significant and clinically relevant improvements in health-related QoL compared to the control group (baseline-adjusted group difference = 4.5; 95% CI = [2.0, 6.9], p < 0.001; Cohen's d = 0.32). Effects on secondary outcomes did not reach statistical significance. Significance: This study extends previous research by demonstrating that emyna facilitates improvements in QoL in a diverse group of PwE treated in routine care settings. This CBT-based digital intervention therefore presents a convenient and cost-effective addition to healthcare providers' treatment repertoire. Plain Language Summary: In our study, we tested a digital program called emyna, which conveys cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) techniques to help improve the quality of life for people living with epilepsy. We found that those who used emyna alongside their usual treatments felt better about their quality of life compared to those who did not use the program. Emyna offers a new, convenient way for people with epilepsy to manage their condition, which can be used alongside currently available treatments. ER  - 
A sense of urgency: Trait impulsivity in co-occurring bipolar and alcohol use disorder$$$ Background: Bipolar disorder (BD) and alcohol use disorder (AUD) often co-occur, with BD + AUD characterized by higher levels of impulsivity relative to either disorder alone. Emotional facets of impulsivity (e.g., “urgency,” measured by the UPPS-P), however, remain underexplored in this population and could have distinct associations with clinical correlates. Methods: This cross-sectional study used a two-by-two (BDxAD) factorial design, including groups with BD + AD (n = 28), BD (n = 29), AD (n = 28), and healthy controls (HC) (n = 27), to identify between-group differences among the five subscales of the UPPS-P. Associations of UPPS-P subscales with Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS) total scores and clinical variables of interest were also examined. Results: BD + AD had the highest scores for every UPPS-P subscale but Sensation Seeking, with the Positive and Negative Urgency subscales having the largest main effects for both BD and AD. BIS-11 total scores were most correlated with the urgency subscales of the UPPS-P. Negative Urgency was found to be uniquely relevant to clinical measures in the BD + AD group. Rapid cycling was associated with both urgency subscales and BIS-11 scores, and the Alcohol Dependence Scale was most correlated with the Premeditation subscale. Limitations: Cross sectional design and predominantly white sample. Conclusions: Unlike the BIS-11, UPPS-P is able to distinguish emotional from nonemotional facets of impulsivity, something especially relevant to people with co-occurring BD + AD, where fluid emotionality is a key part of symptom presentation. For this reason, the UPPS-P should be utilized in future studies and clinical settings measuring trait impulsivity in this population. ER  - 
Juvenile-onset Huntington's disease – Spectrum and evolution of presenting movement disorders$$$ Juvenile-onset Huntington's disease (HD) is a rare subset of HD with symptom-onset before the age of 18. In contrast to the adult population, children present early-on with behavioral, psychiatric, and cognitive symptoms, in addition to a diverse spectrum of movement disorders. This poses a distinct challenge in diagnosis and management. We here describe the spectrum of movement disorders, accompanied with detailed video recordings, in seven cases of juvenile-onset HD. Our findings highlight early cognitive and behavioral symptoms, preceding motor symptoms. The diverse movement disorder phenotypes included dystonia, Parkinsonism, myoclonus, and chorea, findings which underscore the heterogeneity of presenting symptoms. ER  - 
Is there a prodrome to NMOSD? An investigation of neurologic symptoms preceding the first NMOSD attack$$$ Background: It is unknown whether people with aquaporin-4 antibody positive (AQP4-IgG+) neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) experience a prodrome, although a few cases report AQP4 + serology up to 16 years before the first attack. Objectives: To evaluate whether individuals with AQP4-IgG + NMOSD have prodromal neurologic symptoms preceding the first attack. Methods: We reviewed medical records of participants meeting the 2015 diagnostic criteria for AQP4-IgG + NMOSD from four demyelinating disease centres in the Canadian NMOSD cohort study CANOPTICS. We searched for neurologic symptoms occurring at least 30 days before the first attack. Results: Of 116 participants with NMOSD, 17 (14.7%) had prodromal neurologic symptoms. The median age was 48 years (range 25–83) at first attack; 16 (94.1%) were female. Participants presented with numbness/tingling (n = 9), neuropathic pain (n = 5), visual disturbance (n = 4), tonic spasms (n = 2), Lhermitte sign (n = 2), severe headache (n = 2), incoordination (n = 2), weakness (n = 1), psychosis (n = 1) or seizure (n = 1). Of eight who underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) brain, orbits and/or spinal cord, five had T2 lesions. Within 1.5–245 months (median 14) from the onset of prodromal neurologic symptoms, participants experienced their first NMOSD attack. Conclusions: One in seven people with NMOSD experienced neurologic symptoms before their first attack. Further investigation of a possible NMOSD prodrome is warranted. ER  - 
Reliability and Validity of Hindi Version of the Confusion Assessment Method for Intensive Care Unit (CAM-ICU) for Diagnosis of Delirium: A Cohort Study$$$ Background: The confusion assessment method for the intensive care unit (CAM-ICU) is a bedside tool to diagnose delirium in critically ill patients. This study aims to determine the reliability and validity of the Hindi version of CAM-ICU against the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM), fourth edition text revision (DSM-IV-TR), and DSM, fifth edition (DSM-5) criteria for diagnosis of delirium. Methods: Seventy-five Hindi-speaking consenting patients ≥18-year-old with Richmond Agitation Sedation Scale ≥−3 and an anticipated ICU stay > 48 hours were included. Patients with known severe mental illnesses, visual/hearing loss, neurological injury, burns, drug overdose, and Glasgow Coma Scale <9 at the time of screening were excluded. After 48 hours of ICU stay and ensuring at least 2 hours of sedative interruption, within a 4-hour period, two examiners independently assessed delirium using the Hindi version of the scale and an experienced psychiatrist assessed the patients independently and applied the DSM-IV-TR and DSM-5 criteria for diagnosing delirium. Time taken for CAM-ICU assessment, inter-observer reliability, sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were calculated. Results: The Cohen’s κ value was 0.944 (p < 0.001). The Cronbach’s α for observer 1 and observer 2 was 0.961 and 0.968, respectively. The sensitivity and negative predictive value of the tool was 100% with both DSM-IV-TR and DSM-5. The specificity was 90.2% and 92% and the positive predictive value was 82.8 and 86.2% with DSM-IV-TR and DSM-5, respectively. Conclusions: The Hindi version of CAM-ICU is a reliable and valid tool for the diagnosis of delirium in an ICU setting. Trial registration: The study was registered with the Clinical Trials Registry, India (CTRI) as per the research guidelines laid down by the Indian Council of Medical Research before enrolling the participants. (CTRI number-CTRI/2021/01/030471). The registration date was 14th January 2021. URL of registry is http://ctri.nic.in. Highlights: Delirium in the ICU is often undiagnosed due to unfamiliarity, lack of understanding of symptoms, non-availability of psychiatric consultation, and validated diagnostic tools in the native language of the patient. This study aims to find the reliability and validity of the Hindi version of CAM-ICU. ER  - 
Fall Outcomes in Older Adults Following Benzodiazepine/Z-Drug Discontinuation: A Retrospective Cohort Study in an Academic Health System$$$ Background: Benzodiazepines and z-drugs increase the fall risk in older adults. There is a lack of real-world data examining the association between falls and deprescribing medications. Objective: In a retrospective cohort study of older adults with chronic benzodiazepine or z-drug use receiving care at an academic health system from January 2017 to December 2020, we explored the association between medication discontinuation and falls. Methods: Chronic use was defined as ≥ 3 medication dispensings and cumulative days’ supply ≥ 45 days within 100 days in 2018. Discontinuation was defined as a dispensing gap of ≥ 180 days within 1 year of chronic use eligibility, with a secondary definition requiring a gap of ≥ 90 days. Non-discontinuers (n = 524) were matched 4:1 to discontinuers (n = 131) if they had a fill in the same month as the matched discontinuation index date. The association between discontinuation and a fall during 2.25-year follow-up was assessed using Cox proportional hazards models. The analysis was repeated using a gap of ≥ 90 days (n = 279 discontinuers; 1116 matched non-discontinuers). Results: The cumulative incidence of falls-related acute visits was 6.9% for discontinuers and 9.7% for non-discontinuers [adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 0.65, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.31–1.31]. Using the 90-day-gap definition, the cumulative incidence was 9.3% for discontinuers and 8.5% for non-discontinuers (HR 1.12, 95% CI 0.70–1.77). Conclusion: Benzodiazepine/z-drug discontinuation was not associated with reduced risk of falls. However, the relationship between discontinuation and falls varies depending on the definitions used. It is essential to examine different discontinuation definitions in larger studies while considering other relevant clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Effect of Relaxation-Based Virtual Reality on Psychological and Physiological Stress of Substance Abusers Under Detoxification: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Introduction: Substance abuse is a widespread problem, with high rates of treatment dropout. Stress plays a crucial role in this problem, so innovative interventions with stressed patients can assist them in completing treatment. Methods: This study is a randomized controlled trial with 60 participants who have substance abuse disorder undergoing detoxification at a residency facility in Tehran, Iran. Participants were randomly assigned to one of three groups: watching a 360° video of nature, a 360° video of a city environment, or no virtual experience. The intervention was performed only for one session. Psychological stress was measured using the Positive and Negative Affect Schedule and Perceived Stress Scale before and after the intervention. Physiological stress was assessed through respiratory rate, skin conductance, and heart rate recordings during the virtual reality (VR) experience. Data analysis was performed using R software (version 4.2). Results: Paired t-test results indicated significant psychological differences before and after virtual nature experiences, but not in the control and city groups. The repeated measure ANOVA showed a significant reduction in skin conductance (p < 0.01) and respiratory rate (p < 0.01) scores in the nature group. Conclusion: The findings suggest that VR relaxation could be a potentially beneficial intervention for reducing stress in patients during detoxification. ER  - 
Clinical Significance of Overlap Syndrome of Histologically Confirmed Lupus Nephritis with Antineutrophil Cytoplasmic Antibody-Associated Vasculitis$$$ Objectives: We applied the 2022 American College of Rheumatology/ European Alliance of Association for Rheumatology (ACR/EULAR) criteria for antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)-associated vasculitis (AAV) to patients histologically diagnosed with lupus nephritis (LN) to investigate the overall rate of and initial contributing factors to the reclassification of overlap syndrome of LN with AAV (OS-LN-AAV). Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of 1292 patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and included 164 patients with LN in this study. Patient demographics, SLE manifestations, LN classes, and laboratory data, including ANCA levels, were recorded. All-cause mortality and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) were evaluated as poor outcomes. Results: The median age of the 164 patients was 37.0 years, and 12.2% were men. The overall reclassification rate was 37.8%, of which 34.1% and 3.7% of the patients were reclassified as having OS-LN-microscopic polyangiitis and OS-LN-granulomatosis with polyangiitis (GPA), respectively, but none as having eosinophilic GPA. ANCA positivity and AAV-suggesting lung lesions were major contributors to OS-LN-AAV reclassification. When patients were compared based on OS-LN AAV reclassification, ANCA positivity and myeloperoxidase-ANCA (or P-ANCA) positivity favoured for OS-LN-AAV reclassification, whereas oral ulcers did not. However, OS-LN-AAV reclassification did not affect all-cause mortality or ESKD. Conclusions: This is the first study demonstrating a 37.8% reclassification rate in patients histologically diagnosed with LN using the 2022 ACR/EULAR criteria for AAV. Furthermore, it was also the first to reveal ANCA positivity and AAV-suggesting lung lesions as major contributors to OS-LN-AAV reclassification. ER  - 
The Association between Medroxyprogesterone Acetate Exposure and Meningioma$$$ Background/Objectives: Medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA) is a synthetic progesterone that is most commonly used as a contraceptive. MPA acts by binding to the progesterone receptor of the hypothalamus, and this receptor has been found to be important in the pathophysiology of meningiomas. Recent research has reported an increased association between the use of MPA and intracranial meningioma, though the literature is mostly limited by low numbers of meningioma cases and low exposure to MPA. The objective of the current study is to build upon the previously published literature utilizing a large database from the United States. Methods: Utilizing a large commercial insurance database, the current matched case–control study identified meningioma cases using ICD-10 codes from hospital data and MPA exposure, as established from pharmaceutical claims data. Controls were matched 10:1 to cases based on age, year of enrollment, and duration of enrollment. A conditional logistic regression estimated odds ratios (ORs) for the association between MPA exposure and the odds of developing a meningioma. Results: Among 117,503 meningioma cases and 1,072,907 matched controls, oral MPA exposure was not associated with odds of meningioma; however, injection MPA exposure was associated with a 53% increased odds of being a case (OR 1.53, 95% CI 1.40–1.67). This association was specific to cerebral meningiomas (OR 1.68, 95% CI 1.50–1.87), an association that became stronger with a longer duration of use of injection MPA. Conclusions: The current results are consistent with the prior literature, which reports an association between injection exposures to MPA and a stronger association with increasing use of MPA. Women should be cautioned about the prolonged use of MPA, and future research should examine whether the extended use of MPA is associated with the meningioma grade. ER  - 
Improvements in Sleep Quality in Patients With Major Depressive and Generalized Anxiety Disorders Treated With Individualized, Parcel-Guided Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Introduction: Poor quality sleep has often been cited as a cause of lowered quality of life in patients with affective disorders such as major depressive disorder (MDD) and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). As sleep and affective disorders are affected by multi-network interactions, we hypothesize that the modulation of the central executive network (CEN), salience, and default mode networks (DMNs) through individualized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may improve sleep and quality of life. Methods: A retrospective analysis from 2020 to 2023 was conducted in patients with affective disorders at Cingulum Health. Multiple targets were selected based on anomalies detected from individual, functional connectivity networks from a machine-learning connectivity software. rTMS was conducted with accelerated continuous or intermittent theta burst stimulation (TBS) based on the anomaly detected. Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), EuroQol (EQ5D), Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI), and the General Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) questionnaires were administered prior to, after, and at follow-up of rTMS. Results: Twenty-seven patients were identified, and the most common diagnoses were MDD (41%) or MDD with GAD (41%). All patients had at least one rTMS target in the CEN. The most common target (19 patients) was L8Av in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). Patients experienced significant improvements in sleep, quality of life, depressive, and anxiety symptoms after rTMS and during follow-up. Improvements in sleep correlated with quality of life at follow-up. Conclusion: This study suggests that personalized, parcel-guided rTMS is safe and may provide sustained improvements in sleep, quality of life, and affective symptoms for patients with affective disorders. ER  - 
Incidence and Risk of Coronavirus Disease 2019 Hospitalization Among Unvaccinated Children$$$ Objectives: The aim of this study is to determine the incidence and risk factors associated with COVID-19 hospitalization among unvaccinated children. Methods: Children aged 0– < 18 years, members of Kaiser Permanente Northern California (KPNC), were followed from March 1, 2020, until the earliest occurrence of: chart-confirmed COVID-19 hospitalization, disenrollment from KPNC, age 18 years, receipt of COVID-19 vaccine, death, or study end (December 31, 2022). We calculated the incidence rate of hospitalization by SARS-CoV-2 variant period and by age group. We determined risk factors for hospitalization using Poisson regression. We also conducted descriptive analyses of hospitalized cases. Results: Among 1,107,799 children, 423 were hospitalized for COVID-19 during follow-up. The incidence of hospitalization increased with each new SARS-CoV-2 variant and was highest among children aged < 6 months. Among the < 6-month-olds, the incidence rate per 100,000 person-months was 7 during predelta, 13.3 during delta, and 22.4 during omicron. Black (RR = 2.05, 95% CI: 1.33–3.16) and Hispanic children (RR = 1.82, 95% CI: 1.34–2.46) and children with any comorbidities were at high risk of hospitalization (RR = 3.81, 95% CI: 2.94–4.95). Overall, 20.3% of hospitalized children were admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU), but ICU admission was 36.1% among 12– < 18-year-olds. The majority of ICU admits (91.8%) had no comorbidities. Conclusion: Children too young to be vaccinated had the highest incidence of COVID-19 hospitalization, while adolescents had the highest proportion of ICU admissions. To prevent severe disease in children and adolescents, everyone eligible should be vaccinated. ER  - 
Headaches in Pediatric Patients during the Past Decade: Comparative Analysis by Age Group from a Multicenter Study in Korea$$$ Background: Headache is a common complaint during childhood and adolescence. It is important to be aware of the characteristics of pediatric headaches in order to make a precise and timely diagnosis. This study investigated the clinical characteristics of pediatric headaches according to the underlying etiology and age group. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of 3374 pediatric patients (2667 with primary headache [PH] and 707 with secondary headache [SH]) who presented with headaches at two centers between January 2012 and November 2023. Results: The incidence of PH was significantly higher in adolescents (40.1% vs. 22.9%), whereas that of SH was considerably higher in preschoolers (37.5% vs. 16.3%) (p < 0.001). The prevalence of headaches attributed to infection was significantly higher in preschool and school-aged children (90.8% vs. 80.2%, p < 0.001); adolescents exhibited significantly higher frequencies of cranial and cervical vascular disorders (3.7% vs. 1.3%, p = 0.044) and psychiatric disorders (5.6% vs. 0.6%, p < 0.001). Statistically significant differences were observed between preschool/school-aged children and adolescents in terms of headache characteristics and the prevalence of headache-associated symptoms (60.4% vs. 74.1%, p < 0.001 in PH), neurologic abnormalities (10.2% vs. 23.6%, p < 0.001 in PH; 2.4% vs. 11.7%, p < 0.001 in SH), and headache triggers (19.9% vs. 24.2%, p = 0.008 in PH; 2.0% vs. 8.0%, p < 0.001 in SH). Conclusions: Recognizing the etiology and age-specific differences in the clinical characteristics of headaches is crucial for an accurate and timely diagnosis. Tailoring the diagnostic approach accordingly helps to achieve optimal outcomes in pediatric patients with headaches. ER  - 
Developmental Profile of Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder Versus Social Communication Disorder: A Pilot Study$$$ Background: Social Communication Disorder (SCD), introduced in the DSM-5, is distinguished from Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) by the absence of restricted and repetitive behaviors or interests (RRBIs). Aim: To compare the adaptive, sensory, communication, and cognitive profiles of children with ASD and SCD. Methods: The assessments of nine children with SCD and ten with ASD were compared with either Fisher’s Exact Test or the Mann–Whitney Test. Assessments included the Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales, the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule (ADOS), the Short Sensory Profile, Bishop’s Children’s Communication Checklist, a pragmatics evaluation, and the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children IV. Results: The total ADOS score and the second subtotal “Restricted and Repetitive Behaviors” were significantly higher (p = 0.022) in the ASD group than in the SCD group. The Vineland standard score for the “Socialization” domain was significantly lower (p = 0.037) in the ASD group (mean: 51 +/− 19) than in the SCD group (mean: 80 +/− 28). The working memory index score was also significantly lower (p = 0.013) in the ASD group compared to the SCD group. Conclusions: While ASD and SCD share similarities in communication and pragmatic difficulties, some distinctions have been identified, e.g. in executive functioning and the impact on socialization, which may be linked to the absence of RRBIs in SCD. These findings highlight the challenges posed by this nosographic separation during diagnostic evaluations due to the scarcity of discriminative tools. ER  - 
Prevalence and impact of primary headaches among students aged 8–12 years in Sub-Saharan Africa: Cameroon experience$$$ Background: The present study aimed to investigate the prevalence and impact of primary headache among students aged 8–12 years in the city of Douala (Cameroon). Methods: From January to May 2022, a cross-sectional study was conducted in 52 primary schools randomly selected from five districts in the city of Douala. The study population consisted of primary school students in level III classes. The diagnosis of primary headache was made according to the International Classification of Headache Disorders, 3rd ed (ICHD-3) criteria and the paediatric version of the HARDSHIP questionnaire was used for recruitment. Results: In total, 2056 students participated of whom 55.9% (n = 1149) were female, with a median age of 11 years. The prevalence of headache in the last 12 months was 85.7% (n = 1762), that of migraine was 26.1% (n = 536) and that of tension-type headache (TTH) was 15.1% (n = 311). Regarding the impact of primary headaches, 176 (32.8%) migraineurs reported absenteeism from school compared to 70 (22.5%) students with TTH (p = 0.03) and 309 (57.6%) migraineurs had a break in their activities compared to 147 (47.3%) students with TTH (p < 0.01). Conclusions: Primary headaches are common among students aged 8–12 years in the city of Douala. They are responsible for a considerable impact on children and their family, particularly for migraineurs. ER  - 
Association of nirmatrelvir–ritonavir with post-acute sequelae and mortality in patients admitted to hospital with COVID-19: a retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Studies have established the short-term efficacy of nirmatrelvir–ritonavir in managing COVID-19, yet its effect on post-COVID-19 condition, especially in patients admitted to hospital, remains understudied. This study aimed to examine the effect of nirmatrelvir–ritonavir on post-COVID-19 condition among patients admitted to hospital in Hong Kong. Methods: This retrospective cohort study used real-world, territory-wide inpatient records, vaccination records, and confirmed COVID-19 case data from the Hong Kong Hospital Authority and Department of Health, The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Patients aged 18 years and older who tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 between March 11, 2022, and Oct 10, 2023, and who were admitted to hospital with COVID-19 were included. The treatment group included patients prescribed nirmatrelvir–ritonavir within 5 days of symptom onset, excluding those prescribed molnupiravir within 21 days, and the control group had no exposure to either nirmatrelvir–ritonavir or molnupiravir. The outcomes were post-acute inpatient death and 13 sequelae (congestive heart failure, atrial fibrillation, coronary artery disease, deep vein thrombosis, chronic pulmonary disease, acute respiratory distress syndrome, interstitial lung disease, seizure, anxiety, post-traumatic stress disorder, end-stage renal disease, acute kidney injury, and pancreatitis). These outcomes were evaluated starting at 21 days after the positive RT-PCR date in each respective cohort constructed for the outcome. Standardised mortality ratio weights were applied to balance covariates, and Cox proportional hazards regression was used to investigate the relationship between nirmatrelvir–ritonavir and outcomes. Findings: 136 973 patients were screened for inclusion, among whom 50 055 were eligible and included in the analysis (24 873 [49·7%] were female and 25 182 [50·3%] were male). 15 242 patients were prescribed nirmatrelvir–ritonavir during acute COVID-19 and 23 756 patients were included in the control group; 11 057 patients did not meet our definition for the exposed and unexposed groups. Patients were followed up for a median of 393 days (IQR 317–489). In the nirmatrelvir–ritonavir group compared with the control group, there was a significantly lower hazard of post-acute inpatient death (hazard ratio 0·62 [95% CI 0·57–0·68]; p<0·0001), congestive heart failure (0·70 [0·58–0·85]; p=0·0002), atrial fibrillation (0·63 [0·52–0·76]; p<0·0001), coronary artery disease (0·71 [0·59–0·85]; p=0·0002), chronic pulmonary disease (0·68 [0·54–0·86]; p=0·0011), acute respiratory distress syndrome (0·71 [0·58–0·86]; p=0·0007), interstitial lung disease (0·17 [0·04–0·75]; p=0·020), and end-stage renal disease (0·37 [0·18–0·74]; p=0·0049). There was no evidence indicating difference between the groups in deep vein thrombosis, seizure, anxiety, post-traumatic stress disorder, acute kidney injury, and pancreatitis. Interpretation: This study showed extended benefits of nirmatrelvir–ritonavir for reducing the risk of post-acute inpatient death as well as cardiovascular and respiratory complications among patients admitted to hospital with COVID-19. Further research is essential to uncover the underlying mechanisms responsible for these observed negative associations and to devise effective strategies for preventing the onset of post-acute sequelae. Funding: Health and Medical Research Fund, Research Grants Council theme-based research schemes, and Research Grants Council Collaborative Research Fund. ER  - 
Therapeutic potential of the ketogenic diet: A metabolic switch with implications for neurological disorders, the gut-brain axis, and cardiovascular diseases$$$ The Ketogenic Diet (KD) is a dietary regimen that is low in carbohydrates, high in fats, and contains adequate protein. It is designed to mimic the metabolic state of fasting. This diet triggers the production of ketone bodies through a process known as ketosis. The primary objective of KD is to induce and sustain ketosis, which has been associated with numerous health benefits. Recent research has uncovered promising therapeutic potential for KD in the treatment of various diseases. This includes evidence of its effectiveness as a dietary strategy for managing intractable epilepsy, a form of epilepsy that is resistant to medication. We are currently assessing the efficacy and safety of KD through laboratory and clinical studies. This review focuses on the anti-inflammatory properties of the KD and its potential benefits for neurological disorders and the gut-brain axis. We also explore the existing literature on the potential effects of KD on cardiac health. Our aim is to provide a comprehensive overview of the current knowledge in these areas. Given the encouraging preliminary evidence of its therapeutic effects and the growing understanding of its mechanisms of action, randomized controlled trials are warranted to further explore the rationale behind the clinical use of KD. These trials will ultimately enhance our understanding of how KD functions and its potential benefits for various health conditions. We hope that our research will contribute to the body of knowledge in this field and provide valuable insights for future studies. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in individuals with intellectual disability/borderline cognitive function: Characterization through a comparison study$$$ Purpose: We set out to characterize psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in individuals with either intellectual disability (ID) or borderline intellectual function (BIF) in comparison to those with normal cognitive function. We aimed to identify differences between the two groups to improve clinical management protocols. Methods: We conducted a retrospective, observational, single-center study. The medical records of individuals (aged ≥ 14 years) diagnosed with PNES, confirmed through video-electroencephalography (vEEG) at a specialized epilepsy center between January 2008 and December 2021, were reviewed. We restricted our study to individuals who underwent comprehensive neuropsychological evaluations. Furthermore, demographic, clinical, and neuropsychological data with potential prognostic indicators, alongside the reevaluation of vEEG recordings were studied. We compared two study groups based on intelligence quotient (IQ): individuals without ID (IQ≥85; n = 25) and those with either mild ID or BIF (n = 25). Results: No statistically significant clinical differences were observed between the two groups. Individuals with mild ID/BIF didn't show a longer diagnostic delay, and the prescription of inappropriate antiseizure medications (ASMs) was comparable in both cohorts. Most individuals with mild ID/BIF were treated with behavioral psychotherapeutic approaches with similar outcomes in both subgroups. Conclusions: Individuals with mild ID/BIF and PNES don't differ in clinical management. Demographic and clinical data, as well as semiology, were comparable to those of individuals with normal cognitive function. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) appears to be an effective treatment approach for individuals with and without mild ID/BIF. Further studies are needed to validate and ascertain their possible applicability in individuals with moderate/severe ID. ER  - 
De novo depression following temporal lobe epilepsy surgery$$$ Surgical removal of the mesial temporal lobe can effectively treat drug-resistant epilepsy but may lead to mood disorders. This fact is of particular interest in patients without a prior psychiatric history. The study investigates the relationship between Temporal Lobe Epilepsy (TLE), mood disorders, and the functional connectivity of the Hippocampus (Hipp) and Nucleus Accumbens (NAcc). In this case control study, twenty-seven TLE patients and 18 control subjects participated, undergoing structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans before and after surgery. Post-surgery, patients were categorized into those developing de novo depression (DnD) within the first year and those without depression (nD). Functional connectivity maps between NAcc and the whole brain were generated, and connectivity strength between the to-be-resected Hipp area and NAcc was compared. Within the first year post-surgery, 7 out of 27 patients developed DnD. Most patients (88.8 %) exhibited a significant reduction in NAcc-Hipp connectivity compared to controls. The DnD group showed notably lower connectivity values than the nD group, with statistically significant disparities. Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve analysis identified a potential biomarker threshold (Crawford-T value of -2.08) with a sensitivity of 0.83 and specificity of 0.76. The results suggest that functional connectivity patterns within the reward network could serve as a potential biomarker for predicting de novo mood disorders in TLE patients undergoing surgery. This insight may assist in identifying individuals at a higher risk of developing DnD after surgery, enhancing therapeutic guidance and clinical decision-making. ER  - 
Rates and determinants of breastfeeding initiation in women with and without epilepsy: A 25-year study$$$ Purpose: To examine the rates and determinants of breastfeeding initiation (BFI) amongst women with epilepsy (WWE) and women without epilepsy (WWoE) in Manitoba, Canada. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using province-wide health databases from 1995 to 2019. Annual BFI rates for WWE and WWoE were examined. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to quantify the association between maternal and infant characteristics and BFI in both groups. Results: During the study period, 1,331 pregnant WWE and 357,334 WWoE were examined. Among WWE, 70.9 % initiated breastfeeding compared to 81.8 % among WWoE. We observed a significant small increase in yearly trends of BFI in both WWE (β=0.45, p = 0.008) and WWoE (β=0.23, p < 0.001). In WWE, BFI was associated with caesarean delivery (aOR=0.72,95 % CI: 0.53–0.97), chronic pain (aOR=0.67,95 % Cl: 0.46–0.97), lower income (aOR=0.34,95 % Cl: 0.26–0.44), and gestational age (aOR= 1.09,95 % CI:1.01–1.18). In WWoE, BFI was associated with chronic pain (aOR=0.83,95 % Cl: 0.80–0.86), lower income (aOR=0.45, 95 %CI:0.44–0.46), mood and anxiety disorder (aOR=0.84,95 % CI:0.81–0.86), and gestational age (aOR=1.13,95 % Cl:1.12–1.14). The use of any ASM (aOR=0.66,95 % Cl:0.51–0.85), new generation (aOR=0.86,95 % Cl: 0.62–1.20), polytherapy (aOR=0.46,95 % Cl: 0.31–0.69) and gabapentin (aOR=0.49,95 % Cl: 0.17–1.24) reduced the likelihood of BFI among WWE. Conclusion: BFI was approximately 10 % lower in WWE compared to WWoE. Determinants such as low income, ASM use, and comorbidities were significant contributors to a reduced BFI in both groups. Targeted counselling for WWE on breastfeeding benefits is essential. Further research is needed to investigate breastfeeding continuation in WWE. ER  - 
Isolated Psychiatric Symptoms in Children With Anti-N-Methyl-d Aspartate Receptor Encephalitis$$$ Background: Isolated psychiatric symptoms can be the initial symptom of pediatric anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor autoimmune encephalitis (pNMDARE). Here we report on the prevalence of isolated psychiatric symptoms in pNMDARE. We also assess whether initial neurodiagnostic tests (brain magnetic resonance imaging [MRI], electroencephalography [EEG], and/or cerebrospinal fluid [CSF] white blood cell count) are abnormal in children with isolated psychiatric symptoms and pNMDARE. Methods: This multicenter retrospective cohort study from CONNECT (Conquering Neuroinflammation and Epilepsies Consortium) from 14 institutions included children under age 18 years who were diagnosed with pNMDARE. Descriptive statistics using means, medians, and comparisons for continuous versus discrete data was performed. Results: Of 249 children included, 12 (5%) had only psychiatric symptoms without other typical clinical features of autoimmune encephalitis at presentation. All but one (11 of 12 = 92%) had at least one abnormal finding on initial ancillary testing: eight of 12 (67%) had an abnormal EEG, six of 12 (50%) had an abnormal MRI, and five of 12 (42%) demonstrated CSF pleocytosis. The single patient with a normal MRI, EEG, and CSF profile had low positive CSF NMDA antibody (titer of 1:1), and symptoms improved without immunotherapy. Conclusions: Isolated first-episode psychiatric symptoms in pNMDARE are uncommon, and the majority of children will exhibit additional neurodiagnostic abnormalities. Delaying immunotherapy in a child with isolated psychiatric symptoms and normal neurodiagnostic testing may be warranted while awaiting confirmatory antibody testing. ER  - 
Cognitive correlates of psychopathology in functional/dissociative seizures and non-lesional epilepsy: An exploratory study$$$ Objective: To explore the relationship between cognitive functioning and psychopathological features in Functional/Dissociative Seizures (FDS), and test whether this differs from that observed in epilepsy. Methods: We recruited a cross-sectional sample of adults (age > 18) with a diagnosis of non-lesional epilepsy or FDS between January 2021 and July 2022 (n = 73). Participants completed a series of psychiatric questionnaires and neuropsychological measures. Spearman's Correlation Coefficient was computed between each of the psychiatric and cognitive measures in each group. Fisher's Z test of significance for independent correlation coefficients then tested the significance of the difference between correlation coefficients for the two groups. Results: There were no group differences in neuropsychological test scores. However, people with FDS reported higher seizure severity, depression levels, number of medically unexplained somatic symptoms, and exposure to traumatic events compared to epilepsy. Results of the Fisher's Z-test revealed significant differences in correlation coefficients between groups in two instances. First, in the association between the number of traumatic experiences and cognitive switching (z = 2.77, p = 0.006); the number of traumatic experiences were positively associated with cognitive switching in epilepsy but showed a non-significant negative trend in FDS. Secondly, in the association between vocabulary abilities and the number of medically unexplained symptoms (z = −2.71; p = 0.007); higher vocabulary ability was associated with fewer somatic symptoms in epilepsy, while no such correlation was observed in FDS. Significance: This study provides preliminary evidence for the complex interplay between cognitive functioning and psychopathology in FDS and epilepsy. Neurocognitive functioning such as vocabulary abilities or attentional switching may play a role in the expression or maintenance of pathological features of FDS. ER  - 
Sleepless nights, troubled futures: The association between insufficient sleep and child flourishing$$$ Objective: To examine associations between sleep and flourishing among children ages 0–5 years in the United States and whether these differ by age, developmental needs, and family resilience. Study design and methods: Cross-sectional data from the 2020–2021 National Survey of Children's Health (N = 31,095) were used with survey-weighted logistic regression to explore associations between insufficient sleep (defined as not meeting age-recommended daily sleep guidelines: 12–16 h for 4- to 12-month-olds, 11–14 h for 1- to 2-year-olds, and 10–13 h for 3- to 5-year-olds) and flourishing (using four markers combined and categorized into two groups). Tests of effect measure modification (EMM) were performed on the multiplicative and additive scales. Results: Weak but notable evidence was found that children with insufficient sleep had decreased odds of flourishing (aOR = 0.76; 95 % CI: 0.60, 1.00). No evidence of EMM by child age or family resilience was found. However, the sleep-flourishing association differed significantly by children's developmental needs, suggesting that the combined effect of sleep and developmental needs impact flourishing more than either factor alone. Conclusions: Approximately 38 % of children ages 0–5 years in the United States are estimated to have insufficient sleep. This study provides evidence that insufficient sleep is associated with decreased flourishing among children with special health care needs (CSHCN). Future implications: Increasing sleep interventions among children under five is warranted among children with special health care needs. The association between sleep and flourishing within specific CSHCN categories, including emotional, behavioral, or developmental (EBD) criteria, should be explored to optimize sleep policies. ER  - 
Polysomnographic features prior to dream enactment behaviors in isolated rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder$$$ Objective: This study aimed to identify electroencephalogram correlates of dream enactment behaviors (DEBs) and elucidate their cortical dynamics in patients with isolated/idiopathic rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder (iRBD). Methods: This cross-sectional study included 15 patients with iRBD. Two REM sleep periods in routine polysomnography were compared: the 60 s preceding the DEBs (“pre-representative behavior” [preR]), and the 60 s with the least submental electromyogram activity (“background” [BG]). Six EEG frequency bands and electrooculogram were analyzed; power spectra, coherence and phase-locking values in four 15-s periods were examined to assess trends. These indices were also compared between preR and BG. Results: Compared with BG, significantly higher delta power in the F3 channel and gamma power in the F4 and O2 channels were observed during preR. For functional connectivity, the widespread beta-band connectivity was significantly increased during preR than BG. Conclusion: Before notable REM sleep behaviors, uneven distributed higher EEG spectral power in both very low and high frequencies, and increased wide-range beta band functional connectivity, were observed over 60 s, suggesting cortical correlates to subsequent DEBs. Significance: This study may shed light on the pathological mechanisms underlies RBD through the routine vPSG analysis, leading to detection of DEBs. ER  - 
Treatment of prolonged seizure with diazepam nasal spray: An exploratory post hoc cohort analysis$$$ Background: Benzodiazepines are used in first-line rescue therapy as immediate-use seizure medication for the treatment of seizure clusters and prolonged seizures. Their use varies across clinical practices and conditions, and they can be used promptly when indicated. Clinical studies have demonstrated seizure termination within 2 min when diazepam nasal spray is used to treat seizure clusters within 5 min, but the response when treating longer duration seizures in a cluster remains to be characterized. Objective: To describe and assess timing and dosing of diazepam nasal spray in the subset of prolonged seizures within seizure clusters in a larger dataset of all treated seizure clusters collected during a long-term safety study of diazepam nasal spray. Methods: Using timing data recorded in seizure diaries, this post hoc analysis and associated sensitivity analyses focused on prolonged seizures treated 5 to 15 min after the seizure start. Measures included time to treatment administration and time to seizure termination. Second-dose data were used as a proxy for effectiveness. Results: In this group of seizure clusters treated 5 to 15 min after seizure start, median time drug administration was 6 min after seizure start, median time from drug administration to seizure termination was 7 min, and median overall seizure duration was 15 min. Sensitivity analyses by age, epilepsy type, and high seizure frequency confirmed this pattern. Use of a second dose occurred in 9.3 % of episodes, with the majority of second doses administered ≤ 4 h after the first dose. Safety results from the overall study showed 82.2 % of patients had ≥ 1 treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) irrespective of relationship to treatment, during a mean participation of ∼ 1.5 years. In addition, 30.7 % patients had a serious TEAE, and 18.4 % had TEAEs deemed at least possibly related to the study drug, none of which were serious. No events of cardiorespiratory depression were reported. Conclusions: Although immediate use of diazepam nasal spray (within 5 min) resulted in quicker seizure termination, a treatment delay of 5 to 15 min still produced rapid termination of the seizure cluster with high first-dose effectiveness and an overall acceptable safety profile. These findings suggest that diazepam nasal spray maintains effectiveness in prolonged seizures within a cluster with delayed treatment. ER  - 
Education and employment among patients with childhood-onset epilepsy in adulthood: A population-based cohort study$$$ Objective: This study explored the association of childhood-onset epilepsy (COE) with educational attainment, adulthood employment, and income. Methods: A population-based cohort of 312 children with COE was identified from Tampere University Hospital, Finland. Population Register Center formed a matched random population sample of 1248 children without COE as a reference cohort. The two cohorts were linked to the Statistics Finland database to obtain information on educational attainment, employment status, and income. Fisher's exact test was used to compare employment and graduation. Independent samples t-test was used for analyzing graduation grades and the Mann-Whitney test was used for analyzing yearly income. Results were stratified by sex and disability. Results: During a follow-up of 25 years, a substantially higher proportion of the patients never entered the workforce, 37 % (109/312) compared with 4 % (44/1248) for the referents without COE (p < 0.001). A two-fold difference was observed for COE patients without other disabilities (7.7 %, 13/169, p = 0.01). No clear difference was found in long-term employment between the COE without disabilities and the referents (67 %, 114/169 versus 74 %, 920/1248, p = 0.087). The patients with COE had worse lower secondary school graduation grade averages (7.36 vs 7.6, p = 0.004) and graduation rates (64 % vs 98 %, p < 0.001), the patients without disabilities had similar results to referents (7.43, p = 0.07, 98 %). Of the patients with COE, 18 % graduated from college compared to 38 % of the referents (p < 0.001). The median income was lower in males and females with COE of all ages compared to the referents. The COE patients without additional mental or physical disabilities had income comparable to the healthy referents. 143 patients (46 %) had additional disabilities. Significance: Patients with COE have lower educational attainment, stable employment, and income. Patients without disabilities also have an increased risk of unemployment, but those capable of entering the workforce have stable careers with earnings comparable to the rest of the population. ER  - 
Status epilepticus in tuberculous meningitis$$$ Objective: There is paucity of information about status epilepticus (SE) in tuberculous meningitis (TBM). In this communication, we report SE semiology, response to antiseizure medication (ASM) and outcome of the TBM patients with SE. Methods: The diagnosis of TBM was based on clinical, cerebrospinal fluid and MRI findings. The clinical details, severity of meningitis, and MRI and electroencephalography findings were noted. The type of SE, onset from the meningitis symptoms, number of ASMs required to control SE and outcomes were noted. Results: During study period from august 2015 to march 2023, 143 TBM patients were admitted and 10 (6.9 %) had SE, whose age ranged between 12 and 45 years. MRI revealed exudates in six, hydrocephalus in three, infarctions in seven and tuberculoma in six patients. Median (interquartile range) duration of SE after meningitis symptoms was 65 (43.7–100.5) days. Three had generalized convulsive SE, three epileptia partialis continua (EPC), three focal convulsive SE with bilateral convulsion, and one had non-convulsive SE. Two (20 %) patients responded to two ASMs, six (60 %) had refractory SE whose seizure continued after benzodiazepine and one ASM, and two (20 %) had super-refractory SE having seizures for ≥ 24 h despite use of intravenous anesthetic agent. Four (40 %) patients died; uncontrolled SE resulted death in one, and the remaining patients died due to primary disease. Only 2 (20 %) patients had good recovery and 4 (40 %) had poor recovery at 6 months. Conclusion: Status epilepticus in TBM is uncommon and can be refractory or super-refractory resulting in poor outcome. ER  - 
Health literacy is associated with cognition and everyday functioning in a consecutive clinical series of people with epilepsy in a surgical setting$$$ Objective: Low health literacy is common among people with epilepsy (PWE) and may play an important role in disease management and outcomes. The current study evaluated whether health literacy is related to cognition, health, and everyday functioning in PWE. Methods: This cross-sectional, correlational study included 25 demographically comparable healthy adults retrospectively matched to a consecutive series of 89 PWE presenting for neuropsychological evaluation in a surgical setting and who completed the Newest Vital Sign and Brief Health Literacy Screener. The PWE also completed a comprehensive neuropsychological battery and measures of quality of life and everyday functioning. Results: PWE had significantly lower health literacy as compared to healthy adults (ps < 0.05) at a medium-to-large effect size. In analyses covarying for education and oral word reading literacy in the PWE sample, lower health literacy was independently associated with bilateral seizure onsets, greater antiseizure medication burden, poorer performance on measures of memory and information processing speed, and difficulties with self-care (ps < 0.05). Significance: Findings suggest that PWE are at risk for low health literacy, which may be partly attributable to disrupted brain-behavior relationships and contribute to poorer everyday functioning. Future studies are needed to identify effective methods to support and improve health literacy in PWE. ER  - 
Psychosocial burden in mothers with epilepsy and their caregiver: Feasibility and preliminary results of a digital screening procedure$$$ Objective: The present study aims to evaluate the feasibility of utilizing a digital procedure to screen for anxiety and depression as well as impairments in psychosocial aspects, such as social support, social activity and quality of life (QoL) in women with epilepsy (WWE) after childbirth. Furthermore, the study intends to digitally screen for burden of the respective caregivers in WWE compared to a healthy control group. Materials and methods: This comparative cross-sectional study was conducted in the post-partum period on 30 WWE and 33 healthy controls who gave birth between 01/2018 and 05/2021. Additionally, 24 caregivers of WWE and 26 caregivers of healthy mothers took part in this study. Information on psychosocial health and psychosocial burden was collected digitally using the short version of the Social Support Questionnaire, the Social Activity Self-Report Scale and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. The caregiver burden was digitally assessed with the Zarit Burden Scale in its German adaptation (i.e., Zarit Burden Interview and the Family Burden Questionnaire). Furthermore, QoL was assessed with the QOLIE-31 (Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory) in WWE and with the Life Satisfaction Questionnaire in healthy controls. Results: When comparing WWE and healthy controls, the groups were comparable on psychosocial aspects, such as self-reported social support, anxiety, depression and social activity, when assessed with self-report measures in a digital screening procedure. Although not significantly different between groups, anxiety, depression, self-reported social support and social activity were correlated with overall QoL in both, WWE and healthy controls. Caregivers of WWE and healthy controls were neither significantly different in their objective burden nor in their subjective burden as reported in digitally applied self-report measures. Conclusion: Although not significantly different between groups, given the correlation between psychosocial aspects and QoL, it is worthwhile to include these aspects in standard clinical screening extending beyond the screening of anxiety and depression in WWE. Overall, the preliminary psychosocial data presented in this study suggest that a digital assessment of psychosocial burden seems reasonable in WWE and warrants integration into further research and clinical practice. Nevertheless, since no significant differences concerning psychosocial aspects were found in the present study, one may argue that highly specialized clinical care, as provided in the present study, may counteract potential psychosocial impairment experienced by WWE who do not receive such specialized care. Hence, further investigations outside of specialized outpatient clinics as well as prospective investigations of subjective factors that may dynamically change during pregnancy ought to be addressed in clinical practice and research for improving care during and after pregnancy in WWE. ER  - 
FINDING THE UNKNOWN: EXPLORING THE IMPACT OF EXTENDED-RELEASE INJECTABLE NALTREXONE ADMINISTRATION AND SEDATION REQUIREMENTS ON ICU PATIENTS$$$ SESSION TITLE: Critcal Care Abstracts Posters (M) SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/09/2024 10:20 am - 11:05 am PURPOSE: Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD) affects approximately 30 million patients in the United States, significantly straining healthcare with high morbidity and mortality. To combat this ongoing problem, various pharmacological agents, including extended-release injectable (ERI) naltrexone, have been introduced. ERI naltrexone could potentially influence sedation and analgesia in patients on invasive mechanical ventilation (IMV) due to opioid receptor antagonism. There is limited data on this effect. We aim to understand the impact of ERI naltrexone on ICU patients on IMV. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was conducted and included all patients who required ICU admission after ERI naltrexone administration at our institution from 01/01/2022 to 02/29/2024. Data on patients who required ICU admission within 30 days of receiving ERI naltrexone was extracted from the electronic health record. The retrieved patient records were reviewed, incorporating patient demographics, admission reason, sedation requirements, adjunct medication use, liberation from the ventilator, and average length of stay (ALOS). No statistical analysis was done due to pool size. RESULTS: We reviewed nine patients; two were excluded as they were not intubated. The included seven patients had a median age of 58 years [IQR 48-69 years], predominantly male (86%) and Hispanic (76%). The reason for IMV and ICU admission was severe pneumonia for two patients, COPD exacerbation for one, status epilepticus for two, UGIB for one, and trauma for one. Among these patients, the most frequently utilized sedatives were fentanyl, propofol, and dexmedetomidine. We observed that patients who received ERI naltrexone within 15 days prior to ICU admission had higher sedation requirements, necessitating the use of at least three sedatives within the first two days of intubation. The median length of sedation (MLOS) was 20 days. Moreover, this subset of patients necessitated tracheostomy due to prolonged IMV averaging greater than 30 days and ALOS of 49 days. Adjunct medication use (Quetiapine and Clonazepam) was also noted in this group in an attempt to facilitate ventilator weaning. Conversely, patients who required IMV 15-30 days after ERI naltrexone required lower sedation doses to achieve ventilator synchrony, with MLOS of 3 days, 100% extubation rate, and ALOS of 11.5 days. CONCLUSIONS: The increasing prescription of ERI naltrexone for patients with a history of AUD use could impact ICU management to achieve optimal sedation. Our patient cohorts exhibited disparities between ALOS and sedation requirements, depending on the time frame between intubation and ERI naltrexone administration. Larger studies may elucidate the statistical correlation between higher sedation needs during the initial weeks following ERI naltrexone use. The observed reduction in sedation dosage after 15 days of ERI naltrexone use may be attributable to its elimination from the body. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: The increasing use of ERI naltrexone for AUD presents a hidden challenge for sedation requirements in patients requiring IMV. This may lead to increased ALOS, thereby increasing the burden on the healthcare system. In such cases, alternative sedation strategies that avoid opioid agonists such as Fentanyl could be implemented. This observation underscores the importance of exploring the impact of Naltrexone in critically ill patients. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Mohmed Imran Gora No relevant relationships by Manmeet Kaur Gujral No relevant relationships by Alejandro Hallo No relevant relationships by Chee Yao Lim No relevant relationships by Vidya Menon No relevant relationships by Ammar Vohra ER  - 
Disease burden and healthcare utilization in pediatric low-grade glioma: A United States retrospective study of linked claims and electronic health records$$$ Background: Despite high long-term survival rates, pediatric low-grade gliomas (pLGGs) are linked with significant tumor- and treatment-associated morbidities that may persist throughout life. The aims of this descriptive cross-sectional pilot study were to characterize health conditions among a cohort of patients with pLGG and explore the feasibility of quantifying disease burden and healthcare resource utilization (HRU). Methods: Optum® Market Clarity Data were used to identify patients aged ≤18 years with an ICD-10 code for brain neoplasm, ≥1 physician notes, and with evidence of pLGG recorded between January 1, 2017 and June 30, 2018. Outcomes including health characteristics, HRU, medications, and procedures were assessed at 6-month intervals over 36 months. Results: One hundred and fifty-four patients were identified with pLGG and over half experienced headache/migraine, respiratory infection, pain, or behavioral issues during the 36-month study period. The most common comorbidities were ocular/visual (including blindness), mental health disorders, seizures, and behavioral/cognition disorders. Most symptoms and comorbidities persisted or increased during the study period, indicating long-term health deficits. HRU, including speciality care visits, filled prescriptions, and administered medications, was common; 74% of patients had prescriptions for anti-infectives, 56% antiemetics, and 52% required pain or fever relief. Sixty-five percent of patients underwent treatment to control their pLGG, the most common being brain surgery. Little decline was observed in medication use during the study period. Conclusions: Patients with pLGG have complex healthcare needs requiring high HRU, often over a long time. Patients need to be optimally managed to minimize disease- and treatment-related burden and HRU. ER  - 
A nurse-led intervention for carers of people with high-grade glioma: A case series of carers reporting high distress$$$ Background: Carers play an important role in supporting patients diagnosed with high-grade glioma (HGG). However, this experience is frequently distressing and many carers require support. Objectives: To describe unmet needs of highly distressed carers of people with HGG and recommendations and referrals made by a nurse to support them within the Care-IS trial. Methods: Descriptive case series. Carers of people with HGG in the Care-IS trial reporting severe anxiety and/or depression at baseline and/or 4 months and high distress at baseline (during chemoradiotherapy) and at 4 months were included. Carers completed the Partner and Caregiver Supportive Care Needs Scale and Brain Tumor Specific Unmet Needs Survey for carers at baseline, 2, 4, 6, and 12 months. Monthly nurse telephone assessments documented carers' needs, recommendations, and referrals made. Data are reported descriptively. Results: Four highly distressed carers were identified (N=98). Each reported a moderate-high need at ≥1 timepoint for: financial support and/or travel insurance; making life decisions in uncertainty; information about cancer prognosis/likely outcome; and coping with unexpected treatment outcomes. Specific brain tumor unmet needs were: adjusting to changes in personality, mental and thinking abilities, and accessing government assistance. Nurses provided information about treatment, side effects, and practical support. Recommendations for clinical care and referrals to community-based services, and medical specialists were offered. Conclusions: Highly distressed carers have diverse support needs in many domains, which can change over time. Nurses were critical in identifying carers' needs, providing support, and making referrals. Carers' distress and needs require ongoing screening and management. ER  - 
Epicardial pacemaker placement is associated with low complication rate and improved quality of life in dogs$$$ OBJECTIVE To describe complications and outcomes in dogs undergoing epicardial pacemaker (EP) implantation, identify factors associated with survival, and investigate improvement in clinical signs and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) following surgery. ANIMALS 52 client-owned dogs that underwent EP placement. METHODS Medical records of 4 UK-based referral hospitals were searched and data reviewed retrospectively between July 2010 and December 2022. Factors contributing to outcomes after EP placement were assessed. RESULTS The primary reasons for referral included collapsing/syncopal episodes (n = 36), exercise intolerance (15), and significant bradycardia (46). Third-degree atrioventricular block (39/52 [75%]) was the predominant indication for pacemaker placement, and common reasons for EP placement included previous transvenous pacemaker dislodgment/loss of capture (n = 12) and small body size (10). Intra- and postoperative complications were documented in 11% and 23% of dogs, respectively. Overall, 96% of dogs survived to discharge, and median follow-up time was 462 days (range, 31 to 3,139 days). Presence of coexistent myocardial or valvular disease at the time of EP implantation was associated with a reduced survival. Owners reported decreased clinical signs, increased activity levels, and improved HRQoL. CLINICAL RELEVANCE Epicardial pacemaker implantation is a valuable option for dogs requiring artificial cardiac pacing. Complications were common but did not impact the overall outcome. Dogs with a coexisting cardiac pathology had a shorter life expectancy after EP placement, but their HRQoL appeared to be good, with an improvement in clinical signs and increased activity levels. ER  - 
Staged Combination Surgery Strategies for Complex Medically Refractory Epilepsy: A Case Series$$$ Introduction: Multiple surgical modalities are available for the treatment of medically refractory epilepsy, including surgical resection, laser interstitial thermal therapy (LITT), and neurostimulation. Complex epilepsy networks with multi-focal onset zones that overlap with eloquent cortex may benefit from combined surgical approaches. Limited data exists on outcomes associated with performing these therapies in tandem. We report outcomes for patients who underwent combination epilepsy surgery. Methods: We performed a retrospective review of adult patients with medically refractory epilepsy who underwent staged combination epilepsy surgeries during the same admission at our institution. A total of six cases treated between 2019 and 2023 were identified. All patients underwent a presurgical work-up including stereotactic EEG. They underwent a combined approach with either surgical resection, LITT, responsive neurostimulation (RNS), or deep brain stimulation (DBS). We extracted data on demographic, clinical, and surgical characteristics. Primary outcome was change in seizure frequency from baseline. The mean follow-up period was 17 months. Results: The mean age at time of surgery was 42.7 years with average age epilepsy onset of 14.3 years. Four of six patients were female and one-third had a concurrent mood disorder. The mean number of presurgical anti-seizure medications (ASMs) and prior failed ASMs were 2.5 and 8.83, respectively. Focal impaired awareness (83%) followed by focal to bilateral tonic-clonic (67%) seizures were the most common seizure types. All patients had at least one epileptogenic zone in the mesial temporal region. Four patients also had neocortical seizure onset zones and 50% had a cortical malformation. A total of 4 patients had prior surgery (2 resection, 1 LITT, and 1 VNS). For the staged combination approach, three patients underwent LITT followed by RNS, two patients underwent resection followed by RNS, and one patient underwent LITT followed by DBS. The mean reduction in seizure frequency per month at the last follow-up was 79.3%. Mean length of stay was 12 days. Four patients were discharged home and two were discharged to a rehabilitation facility. There were two complications related to surgery—one had superior visual field deficits related to LITT of bilateral ventricular heterotopias and one patient developed a deep venous thrombosis post-operatively. Conclusion: All six patients experienced at least a 67% reduction in seizures from baseline. This case series demonstrates the safety and efficacy of a combined surgical approach and should be considered for complex refractory epilepsy cases with multi-focal seizure onset zones and at least one lesion that can be safely resected or ablated. Disclosures: Daniel Cleary, MD, PhD: None, Lia Ernst, MD: None, Adeline Fecker, BS: None, Mostafa Ismail, MD: None, Christian Lopez Ramos, MD, MPH: None, Ahmed Raslan, MD: None, Alexander Rockhill, PhD: None, Maryam Shahin, MD: None, Maryam Shahin, MD: None, Hao Tan, MS: None, Erin Yamamoto, MD: None ER  - 
Evaluation of Prescription Patterns in Management of Agitation in Patients Referred to the Emergency Department$$$ Objective: This research aims to evaluate patterns of prescription of medications used to manage acute agitation in adult Iranian patients at the emergency department (ED) of Roozbeh Psychiatric Hospital in Tehran. Method: The study analyzed data from the medical records of 252 patients who received pharmacotherapy for agitation. Results: The findings revealed that 181 patients (71.82%) were given typical antipsychotics, with haloperidol being the most commonly prescribed medication. Atypical antipsychotics were administered to 24 participants (9.52%), primarily olanzapine, and 52 patients (20.63%) received benzodiazepines, predominantly lorazepam. The treatment response was also assessed as appropriate in 224 patients (88.89%) and inappropriate in 28 patients (11.11%). Conclusion: The study recommends providing new-generation medications to developing countries and underscores the importance of updating student educational programs. ER  - 
1.36 Psychotic Symptoms in Children With Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency$$$ Objectives: Succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency (SSADHD) is an ultra-rare autosomal recessive inborn error of gamma-amino butyric acid metabolism. Clinical features include cognitive disabilities, epilepsy, and neuropsychiatric symptoms. OCD, anxiety, and insomnia are common; psychosis is described in the literature but is more rare. Our study objectives are to review the current literature on pediatric and adult cases of SSADHD with psychosis, explore potential treatments for psychotic symptoms in SSADHD, and present a pediatric case of SSADHD with psychosis. Methods: We conducted a systematic literature review using PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science with the terms “SSADH deficiency,” “succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency,” “4-hydroxybutyric aciduria,” “ALDH5A1,” “psychosis,” “psychotic,” “schizophrenia,” “delusions,” “hallucinations,” “paranoia,” “psychiatry,” “psychiatric,” and “behavioral.” Of 132 articles, 119 were excluded due to redundancy, not in English, and not including psychosis and SSADHD content. The remaining 13 articles included 2 review articles, 1 clinical trial, 9 case reports, and 1 consensus guideline. Our case is a 12-year-old girl with intellectual disability, auditory and visual hallucinations, weight loss, anxiety, and agitation, diagnosed with SSADHD. Her hospital course was notable for delirium secondary to hydroxyzine use, insomnia, and poor intake, with successful treatment of psychosis using quetiapine. Results: We found 22 patients with SSADHD and psychosis, estimated to be 10% of all described cases of SSADHD. Psychosis followed neurological symptoms in all cases. Forty-one percent of cases had pediatric onset of psychosis, a higher percentage than described in a prior literature review. All had cognitive disabilities. Treatments included risperidone, quetiapine, haloperidol, aripiprazole, and clonazepam. A consensus guideline on SSADHD offered benzodiazepines and atypical antipsychotics as treatments for psychosis, with weak evidence. Conclusions: Our case and literature review highlight the need to consider rare metabolic diseases for patients with psychosis and intellectual disability. Atypical antipsychotics such as quetiapine may be helpful to treat psychosis in this disorder, including in pediatric cases. GS, PSY, APS ER  - 
5.68 Characteristics and Comorbidities of ASD as Risk Factors for Severity: A US National Survey$$$ Objectives: ASD consists of heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorders with impairments in social communication, repetitive behaviors, and restricted interests. This condition is associated with several comorbidities that significantly affect the quality of life. Therefore, individuals with ASD should undergo screening for common comorbidities to enable early diagnosis and treatment. This study aimed to assess the prevalence and common sociodemographic characteristics of ASD as well as both medical and psychiatric comorbidities and their effects on the severity of ASD. Methods: Data from the National Survey of Children’s Health (NSCH) in the United States from 2020 to 2021 were used in this study. We included 79,182 children and adolescents aged between 3 and 17 years for the analysis. The mean age of these individuals was 10.1 (SD 4.6), and 2568 (3.2%) had an ASD diagnosis. Results: Our analysis showed that ASD is more common in males (78.7%) than females (21.3%). Additionally, ASD was associated with lower family income and a higher level of education in the family. We found that 96.4% of patients developed at least one comorbid condition. The most common neuropsychiatric comorbidities included developmental delay (64%), behavioral and conduct problems (57.8%), and anxiety (45.7%). While the most common medical comorbidities were allergies (32.4%), genetic disorders (26.2%), and asthma (12.6%). The odds of intellectual disability (OR: 5.8), developmental delay (OR: 5.0), Down syndrome (OR: 4.5), epilepsy (OR: 3.4), cerebral palsy (OR: 3.0), vision problems (OR: 2.5), and genetic disorders (OR: 2.3) were significantly higher among severe cases. Conclusions: The presence of numerous comorbidities in individuals with ASD, often linked to increased ASD severity, underscores the critical importance of comprehensive screening, early diagnosis, and targeted treatment strategies to enhance the overall health and well-being of these individuals. ASD, CM, EPI ER  - 
Deep phenotyping of unaffected carriers of pathogenic BMPR2 variants screened for pulmonary arterial hypertension$$$ Introduction Pathogenic variants in the gene encoding for BMPR2 are a major genetic risk factor for heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension. Owing to incomplete penetrance, deep phenotyping of unaffected carriers of a pathogenic BMPR2 variant through multimodality screening may aid in early diagnosis and identify susceptibility traits for future development of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Methods 28 unaffected carriers (44±16 years, 57% female) and 21 healthy controls (44±18 years, 48% female) underwent annual screening, including cardiac magnetic resonance imaging, transthoracic echocardiography, cardiopulmonary exercise testing and right heart catheterisation. Right ventricular pressure-volume loops were constructed to assess load-independent contractility and compared with a healthy control group. A transgenic Bmpr2Δ71Ex1/+ rat model was employed to validate findings from humans. Results Unaffected carriers had lower indexed right ventricular end-diastolic (79.5±17.6 mL m-2 versus 62.7±15.3 mL m-2; p=0.001), end-systolic (34.2±10.5 mL m-2 versus 27.1±8.3 mL m-2; p=0.014) and left ventricular end-diastolic (68.9±14.1 mL m-2 versus 58.5±10.7 mL m-2; p=0.007) volumes than control subjects. Bmpr2Δ71Ex1/+ rats were also observed to have smaller cardiac volumes than wild-type rats. Pressure-volume loop analysis showed that unaffected carriers had significantly higher afterload (arterial elastance 0.15±0.06 versus 0.27±0.08 mmHg mL-1; p<0.001) and end-systolic elastance (0.28±0.07 versus 0.35±0.10 mmHg mL-1; p=0.047) in addition to lower right ventricular pulmonary artery coupling (endsystolic elastance/arterial elastance 2.24±1.03 versus 1.36±0.37; p=0.006). During the 4-year follow-up period, two unaffected carriers developed pulmonary arterial hypertension, with normal N-terminal probrain natriuretic peptide and transthoracic echocardiography indices at diagnosis. Conclusion Unaffected BMPR2 mutation carriers have an altered cardiac phenotype mimicked in Bmpr2Δ71Ex1/+ transgenic rats. Future efforts to establish an effective screening protocol for individuals at risk for developing pulmonary arterial hypertension warrant longer follow-up periods. ER  - 
ACCELERATING DRUG REPURPOSING IN PSYCHIATRY USING GENETICS$$$ New pharmacotherapies in psychiatry would likely reduce the immense burden that mental health conditions place on individuals and society at large. However, the pipeline to discover novel drugs for use in psychiatric disorders has remained unproductive, where a lack of objective biomarkers for psychiatric diagnoses and the assessment of treatment outcomes contributes to clinical trial failure. Therefore, new approaches are urgently needed to identify more suitable drug candidates for clinical trials. One approach is the integration of human genetic and molecular data to identify and prioritize existing drugs for human clinical trials, known as drug repurposing. This approach has previously been successfully applied in psychiatry and offers an avenue for expedited clinical translation compared to traditional drug discovery. For example, valproic acid was originally used for its anticonvulsant properties in epilepsy before its utility in bipolar disorder was uncovered. Despite the promise of drug repurposing in psychiatry, challenges remain arising from the immense biological heterogeneity of these phenotypes. The advent of well powered, genetic association studies and high throughput measurements on diverse molecular data types (e.g., gene expression) represent an opportunity to better understand the biological complexity of these phenotypes and accelerate successfully translating prospective repurposing candidates into clinical practice. In this symposium, we will outline some of the key methodological considerations and progress to date in genetically informed prioritization of repurposing candidates across psychiatric disorders. Specifically, we will discuss how integration of genetic association signals with multiomic data can reveal prospective opportunities for drug repurposing. Approaches to biologically interpret individual target genes in the context of the wider polygenic architecture of these disorders will also be outlined. Shared genetic liability and biological relationships between psychiatric disorders and somatic disorders across the rest of the body treated by existing drugs additionally can present supporting lines of evidence for prospective repurposing candidates. Finally, given the immense variability observed between individuals with the same diagnosis, we will discuss the prospects of using genetics to target drug repurposing opportunities with greater precision at the individual level. This symposium brings together a diverse set of international researchers that are working at the forefront of innovative approaches to identify opportunities for drug repurposing in psychiatry. ER  - 
Incidence and predictors of neuropsychiatric manifestations following a traumatic brain injury at referral hospitals in Dodoma, Tanzania: A protocol of a prospective longitudinal observational study$$$ Introduction Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) is any injury to the brain resulting from an external force leading to complications. TBI affects 27–69 million people yearly, with high incidence in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs), mainly attributed to motor traffic accidents. Within three to six months following moderate-to-severe TBI, the relative risk of any psychiatric disorder is significantly higher than in the general population. Post-TBI neuropsychiatric disorders include depression with a prevalence of up to 53%, apathy up to 72%, Posttraumatic stress disorder (26%), anxiety (9%), manic symptoms (5–9%) and psychosis (3 to 8%). This study aims to determine the incidence and predictors of post-TBI neuropsychiatric manifestations among patients admitted at Referral hospitals in Dodoma. Methods and analysis This is a prospective longitudinal observational study in which patients admitted with moderate to severe TBI will be recruited. Patients will be followed for six months, the diagnostic MINI International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI) tool will be used to assess TBI, and the severity and progression of symptoms will be evaluated using PHQ-9 for depressive symptoms, GAD-7 for anxiety symptoms, PCL-5 for Posttraumatic Stress Disorders (PTSD), MoCA for cognitive assessment, AES for apathy and YMRS for manic symptoms at one, three and six months. Logistic regression will be analysed to determine the association between predictors and neuropsychiatric outcomes. Conclusion Given the dearth of understanding of the burden of neuropsychiatric complications and associated outcomes in sub-Saharan Africa, the study will shed light on the incidence and factors contributing to post-TBI neuropsychiatric complications and, thus, provide a platform for further research and design of necessary interventional programs for the population at risk. ER  - 
Characterization of Laboratory-Confirmed Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease From 3 Ontario Tertiary Care Centers Between 2012 and 2022: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Background: Globally, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) affects one in one million people annually, but there is a paucity of recent Canadian data. This study summarizes epidemiology trends and diagnostic timelines of laboratory-confirmed CJD cases in three tertiary Ontario hospitals. Method: Using laboratory information systems, we identified 30 patients with a laboratory-confirmed CJD diagnosis between 2012 and 2022 at three major tertiary hospitals in Ontario. Retrospective chart reviews were then completed. Results: Patients had a mean of 2.2 hospital visits (SD, 1.2) prior to being admitted for testing. The most common symptom presentations included loss of coordination (63.3%), behavioral changes (60%), progressive mobility loss (53.4%), memory loss (50.0%), and involuntary movements (50.0%). Magnetic resonance imaging findings showed potential CJD in 76.7% of cases, and 56.7% exhibited periodic sharp wave complexes characteristic of CJD on electroencephalogram. The mean duration from symptom onset to microbiologic testing was 91 days (SD, 90.7). End-point quaking-induced conversion (EP-QuIC) testing of cerebrospinal fluid was positive in 90.0% of patients, while 83.3% tested positive for 14-3-3 on enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Elevated cerebrospinal fluid 14-3-3 levels significantly correlated with shorter duration from symptom onset to death (R2 = 0.71, F = 19.55, P =. 0022). Post-diagnosis, 46.7% of patients were discharged home, 16.6% were transferred to external palliative care or hospice facilities, and 36.7% died during admission. The mean time from symptom onset to death was 121 days (SD, 120.7), and from diagnosis to death 35 days (SD, 83.9). Conclusions: This study highlights the importance of early CJD consideration and laboratory testing when appropriate neurologic symptoms are present. ER  - 
Determinants and levels of depression among young adult patients with epilepsy: a cross-sectional study in a Tertiary Care Hospital, Tamilnadu, India$$$ Background: People with epilepsy tend to have more psychological problems, including anxiety and depression. Similarly, a three times higher risk of premature death was prevailed (or expected) in people with epilepsy than that in the general population. The main objective of this study is to analyze the determinants and the levels of depression in young adult patients with epilepsy. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in a tertiary care medical hospital and research center, in Chennai, Tamilnadu. Forty-one young adults aged 18–25 years with a diagnosis of epilepsy willing to participate were included based on inclusive criteria. A general information questionnaire and Zung self-rating depression scale (SRDS) were used to analyze the study. Data were collected through face-to-face interviews and evaluated using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) software to test the P-value significance. Results: 39.0% of patients felt downhearted or blue most of the time. The majority of male (44.4%) and female (85.8%) patients stated that they were in moderate depression (the score range was from 60 to 69). There was an association between variables of age groups, family income, number of comorbidities, and last episode of seizure with the level of depression among young adult patients significant at, P-value < 0.01. Conclusion: This study revealed that to remove the stigma of epilepsy, raising awareness in society and educational campaigns about epilepsy may be helpful. Thus, efforts should be undertaken to control seizures, reduce depression, and improve the overall quality of life of young adult patients. ER  - 
Predictors of Emergency Department Visits in Home Healthcare Patients: A Case-Control Study in Taiwan$$$ Objectives: Home healthcare (HHC) is an important care choice for ageing people with disabilities; however, the risk factors for emergency department (ED) visits, a poor outcome index, remain unclear. Therefore, we conducted this study to clarify it. Methods: We conducted a case-control study from a medical center in Taiwan by identifying HHC patients between Aug 1, 2019, and July 31, 2021. Age, sex, iatrogenesis, underlying comorbidities, and ED visit data were collected. Univariable and multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed to identify independent predictors of ED visits. Results: We identified 240 patients, including 133 patients with and 107 patients without ED visits, for this study. The mean ages were 83.9 and 83.3 years and females accounted for 71% and 60.9% of patients without and with ED visits, respectively. Multivariable logistic regression analyses showed that urinary catheters (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 5.84; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.48–23.01, p = 0.012) and peptic ulcer disease (PUD)/gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) (aOR: 2.27; 95% CI: 1.12–4.61, p = 0.023) were independent predictors of ED visits. Stratified analyses according to sex and age showed that PUD/GERD and dyslipidemia were significant predictors of ED visits in female patients. Conclusions and clinical implications: This study identified independent predictors of ED visits in HHC patients. Our results provide an important reference for the early prevention, recognition, and adjustment of care plans for at-risk patients. Further studies recruiting more patients and external validation are warranted. ER  - 
Systemic Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis uncovered by vulvar biopsy in a young patient: a case report$$$ Summary: Langerhans cell histiocytosis (LCH) is a rare proliferative disorder involving Langerhans cells. In this patient diagnosis was only possible through histological analysis of a vulvar biopsy after being misdiagnosed with craniopharyngioma. Medical history and clinical findings: A 23-year-old female presented with vulvar ulceration. She had a history of diabetes insipidus, sudden increase in weight, potential psychogenic seizures, and masses in the infundibulum and spinal cord since age 15. Following transsphenoidal biopsies in 2017 and 2019 she was initially diagnosed with craniopharyngioma and received targeted irradiation. During follow-ups, she showed a growing infundibulum mass, developed skin lesions, vigilance disorder and experienced complete anterior pituitary insufficiency. Diagnosis: The patient was referred to our dysplasia clinic in January 2023. Vulvoscopy revealed a 1.5cm2 erosive lesion on the small left labia, leading to a biopsy to rule out vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia (VIN). Histologically, there was evidence of a cutaneous manifestation of LCH resulting in a consultation with the rare diseases department at the University Medical Center Hamburg. An examination of the infundibulum biopsy was performed retrospectively, which revealed a manifestation of LCH opposite to the initial diagnosis. No BRAF, MAP2K1 or MAP2K2 mutation was found. A PET-CT showed a highly metabolically active pituitary gland. Therapy: Clinically, systemic LCH affected at least the infundibulum and vulva, causing significant symptoms leading to the initiation of treatment with cladribine. Course: The patient's symptoms significantly improved with chemotherapy and local corticosteroid therapy. After six cladribine cycles, the skin lesions disappeared and the pituitary gland mass fully regressed. ER  - 
Description Of Patients With Post-surgical Hypoparathyroidism In Clinical Follow-up In Brazil$$$ Post-surgical hypoparathyroidism is an event that may occur, especially after extensive procedures in the cervical region. There are few long-term follow-up studies on individuals who develop permanent post-surgical hypoparathyroidism and its long-term complications. Objective: This study aims to assess the clinical and laboratory characteristics of patients diagnosed with permanent hypoparathyroidism at a tertiary care center in Brazil. Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of medical records. Results: We evaluated 27 patients with permanent hypoparathyroidism, with an average age of 53 years (SD=10), where 15% were alcohol and tobacco consumers, and 88% were female. The average time of permanent hypoparathyroidism diagnosis was 9 years and 3 months. Regarding the surgical indication, 35% were due to Graves' disease, 25% for thyroid goiter, 25% for thyroid cancer, and 15% for glottic cancer. Only 15% had a description of the parathyroid glands in the pathology report. As for medications, all patients were using calcium carbonate, with an average dose of 1700 mg daily per individual. 90% of the patients were using calcitriol, with an average dose of 0.64 mcg daily, and 55% were using cholecalciferol, with an average weekly dose of 9700 IU. Hydrochlorothiazide was used by 35% of the patients, with an average daily dose of 34 mg. Regarding postoperative exams 24 hours after surgery, only half had the parathyroid hormone (PTH) test requested or available, with only one patient having PTH >10 pg/mL. Regarding chronic complications, 15% presented with nephrolithiasis, 5% with subcapsular cataract, 5% with prophylaxis for seizures, 15% with a diagnosis of depression, and 10% with arrhythmias. Conclusion: Individuals with permanent hypoparathyroidism require attention due to chronic complications, and proper treatment aims to reduce the chance of developing other diseases associated with permanent post-surgical hypoparathyroidism. ER  - 
Association of Seizure Foci and Location of Tau and Amyloid Deposition and Brain Atrophy in Patients with Alzheimer Disease and Seizures$$$ Background and ObjectivesAlzheimer disease (AD) is associated with a 2 to 3-fold increased risk of developing late-onset focal epilepsy, yet it remains unclear how development of focal epilepsy in AD is related to AD pathology. The objective of this study was to examine spatial relationships between the epileptogenic zone and tau deposition, amyloid deposition, and brain atrophy in individuals with AD who developed late-onset, otherwise unexplained focal epilepsy. We hypothesized that if network hyperexcitability is mechanistically linked to AD pathology, then there would be increased tau and amyloid deposition within the epileptogenic hemisphere.MethodsIn this cross-sectional study, we performed tau and amyloid PET imaging, brain MRI, and overnight scalp EEG in individuals with early clinical stages of AD who developed late-onset, otherwise unexplained focal epilepsy (AD-Ep). Participants were referred from epilepsy and memory disorders clinics at our institutions. We determined epilepsy localization based on EEG findings and seizure semiology. We quantified tau deposition, amyloid deposition, and atrophy across brain regions and calculated asymmetry indices for these measures. We compared findings in AD-Ep with those in a control AD group without epilepsy (AD-NoEp).ResultsThe AD-Ep group included 8 individuals with a mean age of 69.5 ± 4.2 years at PET imaging. The AD-NoEp group included 14 individuals with a mean age of 71.7 ± 9.8 years at PET imaging. In AD-Ep, we found a highly asymmetric pattern of tau deposition, with significantly greater tau in the epileptogenic hemisphere. Amyloid deposition and cortical atrophy were also greater in the epileptogenic hemisphere, although the magnitudes of asymmetry were reduced compared with tau. Compared with AD-NoEp, the AD-Ep group had significantly greater tau asymmetry and trends toward greater asymmetry of amyloid and atrophy. AD-Ep also had significantly greater amyloid burden bilaterally and trends toward greater tau burden within the epileptogenic hemisphere, compared with AD-NoEp.DiscussionOur results reveal a spatial association between the epileptogenic focus and tau deposition, amyloid deposition, and neurodegeneration in early clinical stages of AD. Within the limitations of a cross-sectional study with small sample sizes, these findings contribute to our understanding of the clinicopathologic heterogeneity of AD, demonstrating an association between focal epilepsy and lateralized pathology in AD. ER  - 
Quadriparesis and paraparesis following chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy in children and adolescents$$$ Immune effector cell–associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) is a common but potentially severe adverse event associated with chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CART) therapy, characterized by the development of acute neurologic symptoms following CART infusion. ICANS encompasses a wide clinical spectrum typified by mild to severe encephalopathy, seizures, and/or cerebral edema. As more patients have been treated with CART, new ICANS phenomenology has emerged. We present the clinical course of 5 children who developed acute onset of quadriparesis or paraparesis associated with abnormal brain and/or spine neuroimaging after infusion of CD19- or CD22-directed CART, adverse events not previously reported in children. Orthogonal data from autopsy studies, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) flow cytometry, and CSF proteomics/cytokine profiling demonstrated chronic white matter destruction, but a notable lack of inflammatory pathologic changes and cell populations. Instead, children with quadriparesis or paraparesis post-CART therapy had lower levels of proinflammatory cytokines, such as interferon gamma, CCL17, CCL23, and CXCL10, than those who did not develop quadriparesis or paraparesis. Taken together, these findings imply a noninflammatory source of this newly described ICANS phenomenon in children. The pathophysiology of some neurologic symptoms following CART may therefore have a more complex etiology than exclusive T-cell activation and excessive cytokine production. ER  - 
Cognitive behavioral interventions for depression and anxiety in adults with neurological disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ We examined the efficacy of cognitive and behavioral interventions for improving symptoms of depression and anxiety in adults with neurological disorders. A pre-registered systematic search of Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, PsycINFO, Embase, and Neurobite was performed from inception to May 2024. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) which examined the efficacy of cognitive and behavioral interventions in treating depression and/or anxiety among adults with neurological disorders were included. Estimates were pooled using a random-effects meta-analysis. Subgroup analyses and meta-regression were performed on categorical and continuous moderators, respectively. Main outcomes were pre- and post-intervention depression and anxiety symptom scores, as reported using standardized measures. Fifty-four RCTs involving 5372 participants with 11 neurological disorders (including multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, stroke) were included. The overall effect of interventions yielded significant improvements in both depression (57 arms, Hedges' g = 0.45, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.35-0.54) and anxiety symptoms (29 arms, g = 0.38, 95% CI 0.29-0.48), compared to controls. Efficacy was greater in studies which employed a minimum baseline symptom severity inclusion criterion for both outcomes, and greater in trials using inactive controls for depression only. There was also evidence of differential efficacy of interventions across the neurological disorder types and the outcome measure used. Risk of bias, intervention delivery mode, intervention tailoring for neurological disorders, sample size, and study year did not moderate effects. Cognitive and behavioral interventions yield small-to-moderate improvements in symptoms of both depression and anxiety in adults with a range of neurological disorders. ER  - 
Association of Ventricular Arrhythmias with Lamotrigine: An Observational Cohort Study$$$ Background Whether lamotrigine (LTG) is associated with ventricular tachycardia (VT) in bipolar disorder (BPD), partial seizures (PSZ) and generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTSZ) with and without structural heart disease (SHD) remains controversial. A mechanistic rational for LTG-induced re-entrant cardiac arrhythmias has recently been elucidated, leading to a real-world comparative cohort observational study being warranted. Methods: A retrospective observational comparative safety study was performed using a large healthcare claims database of adult participants analyzing the one-year cumulative VT. Analytic cohort included adult participants diagnosed with bipolar I disorder (BPD), partial seizures (PSZ) or generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTSZ). Participants were free from supraventricular or ventricular arrhythmias during the 6-month baseline period before the index LTG or CTR date. Exposure to LTG versus commonly prescribed alternative agents were the control comparators (CTR). One-year cumulative ventricular tachycardia (VT) incidence was calculated separately for GTSZ, PSZ and BPD using Kaplan-Meier estimator, with participants being censored at last enrollment, treatment switching or discontinuation. The VT association hazard ratios (HR) for LTG versus CTR was adjusted for baseline characteristics. Results: The analytic cohort included 153,852 LTG and 213,593 CTR for BPD, 10,275 LTG and 24,971 CTR for PSZ, and 5,860 LTG and 17,506 CTR for GTSZ. Baseline cardiovascular risk profiles were higher among CTR than LTG across the three sub-analytic cohorts. The 1-year VT cumulative incidence from LTG or CTR free from was 0.79% vs 0.68% in BPD, 0.76% vs 0.58% in PSZ, and 0.93% vs 0.40% in GTSZ cohorts, The adjusted HR [95% CI] estimates were 1.326 [1.122-1.568, p<0.01], 1.403 [0.920-2.138, p=0.11], and 1.180 [0.607-2.295, p=0.63]. Conclusions: In adult participants, LTG has a strong association to increase VT risk compared to commonly prescribed alternatives. ER  - 
Hospital Readmissions among Infants with Neonatal Opioid Withdrawal Syndrome$$$ Importance: Although cases of neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome (NOWS) increased 5-fold in recent years, no study has examined national hospital readmission rates for these infants. Objective: To examine hospital readmissions for infants with and without NOWS. Design, Setting, and Participants: This retrospective cohort study analyzed serial cross-sectional samples of US hospital discharge records from the Nationwide Readmissions Database for calendar years 2016 to 2020. Infants with NOWS were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. The data analysis was performed between January 5, 2023, and May 6, 2024. Exposure: Neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome. Main Outcome and Measures: Survey-weighted logistic regression was used to examine 90-day all-cause and cause-specific hospital readmissions. Multivariable models adjusted for sex, low birth weight, gestational age, multiple gestation, type of insurance, and year of birth. Results: Of the 13855246 newborns identified in this weighted analysis, 89018 (0.6%) were diagnosed with NOWS, of whom 53.8% were male and 81.1% born full-term (>36 weeks gestation). The 90-day all-cause readmission rate was 4.2% for infants with NOWS compared with 3.0% for those without NOWS (P <.001). After risk adjustment, the odds of all-cause readmission were higher among infants with NOWS (adjusted odds ratio [AOR], 1.18; 95% CI, 1.08-1.29). Infants with NOWS had significantly higher odds of readmissions for seizures (AOR, 1.58; 95% CI, 1.01-2.46), failure to thrive (AOR, 1.99; 95% CI, 1.36-2.93), traumatic brain injury (AOR, 2.95; 95% CI, 1.76-4.93), and skull fractures (AOR 3.72; 95% CI, 2.33-5.93). Infants with NOWS had higher odds of receiving a diagnosis of confirmed maltreatment (AOR, 4.26; 95% CI, 2.19-8.27), including for neglect (AOR, 14.18; 95% CI, 5.55-36.22) and physical abuse (AOR, 2.42; 95% CI, 0.93-6.29); however, the latter finding was not statistically significant. Conclusions and Relevance: In this nationally representative cohort study, infants with NOWS were at increased risk of readmission for any cause as well as for trauma and confirmed maltreatment. These findings may in part reflect the dual stressors that mothers with opioid use disorder face in caring for a newborn with NOWS in the context of a substance use disorder and underscore the need for family-based, in-home services that focus concurrently on substance use treatment and parenting support. ER  - 
Socio-medical Factors Associated with Neurodevelopmental Disorders on the Kenyan Coast$$$ Background Neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) are a group of conditions with their onset during the early developmental period and include conditions such as autism, intellectual disability and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Occurrence of NDDs is thought to be determined by both genetic and environmental factors, but data on the role of environmental risk factors for NDD in Africa is limited. This study investigates environmental influences on NDDs in children from Kenya. This case-control study compared children with NDDs and typically developing children from two studies on the Kenyan coast that did not overlap. Methods and Findings We included 172 of the study participants from the Kilifi Autism Study and 151 from the NeuroDev Study who had a diagnosis of at least one NDD and 112 and 73 with no NDD diagnosis from each study, respectively. Potential risk factors were identified using unadjusted univariable analysis and adjusted multivariable logistic regression analysis. Univariable analysis in the Kilifi Autism Study sample revealed hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy conferred the largest odds ratio (OR) 10.52 (95%CI 4.04 – 27.41) for NDDs, followed by medical complications during pregnancy (gestational hypertension & diabetes, eclampsia, and maternal bleeding) OR: 3.17 (95%CI 1.61 – 6.23). In the NeuroDev study sample, labour and birth complications (OR: 7.30 (2.17 – 24.61)), neonatal jaundice (OR: 5.49 (95%CI 1.61 – 18.72)) and infection during pregnancy (OR: 5.31 (1.56 – 18.11)) conferred the largest risk associated with NDDs. In the adjusted analysis, seizures before age 3 years in the Kilifi Autism study and labour and birth complications in the NeuroDev study conferred the largest increased risk. Higher parity, the child being older and delivery at home were associated with a reduced risk for NDDs. Conclusion Recognition of important risk factors such as labour and birth complications could guide preventative interventions, developmental screening of at-risk children and monitoring progress. Further studies examining the aetiology of NDDs in population-based samples, including investigating the interaction between genetic and environmental factors, are needed. ER  - 
Psychiatric, Neurological, and Somatic Comorbidities in Intermittent Explosive Disorder: a retrospective cohort study of electronic health records$$$ Importance: Intermittent Explosive Disorder (IED) is an understudied psychiatric condition that presents with repeated episodes of impulsive aggression and poorly regulated emotional control, often resulting in interpersonal and societal consequences. Better understanding of comorbidities will allow for enhanced screening, diagnosis, and treatment of patients. Objective: To investigate prevalence and associations of IED with psychiatric, neurological, and somatic disorders using real-world data Design: Matched cohorts of patients with or without IED diagnosis were identified using data from the TriNetX Research Network (until January 31, 2024). Cox proportional hazard models were used to estimate and compare the probabilities of acquiring other diagnoses using patients’ available medical records. Setting: Analysis of electronic medical records from two patient populations. Participants: 30,357 individuals with IED and equal number of demographically matched individuals without IED from the TriNetX Research. Exposure: IED diagnosis identified through the associated ICD codes. Main Outcomes and Measures: The main outcomes were ICD-10-CM diagnostic categories and root codes for disorders and health conditions in both cohorts. Main measures are total numbers and proportions of patients who had the diagnostic codes, as well as adjusted hazard ratios for IED diagnosis. Results: Although only 0.03% of the total patient population had an IED diagnosis, we found extensive and widespread comorbidities with psychiatric, neurological and somatic conditions. A significant 95.7% of the individuals with IED had another psychiatric diagnosis. All psychiatric sub-categories and 95% of the psychiatric diagnoses were significantly associated with IED, with HRs ranging from 2 to 77. Among neurological conditions, neurodegenerative diseases and epilepsy had the highest HRs, followed by extrapyramidal and movement disorders, cerebral palsy and other paralytic syndromes, and sleep disorders. Notable associations with IED also includes conditions such as obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and GERD. Conclusion and Relevance: Our findings illuminate the extensive comorbid relationships between IED and psychiatric, neurological, and somatic disorders. This underscores the necessity for an integrated diagnostic and treatment approach that addresses both the psychological and physical health aspects of IED. Additionally, our work highlights the need for more accurate and inclusive diagnosis of IED in patients with mental disorders. ER  - 
Clinical features and genetic analysis of autosomal dominant mental retardation caused by TRIO gene mutations$$$ Objective To summary the clinical phenotype and genotype characteristics of 2 cases of autosomal dominant mental retardation (MRD) caused by TRIO gene variation. Methods Retrospective study of the clinical data of 2 cases of autosomal dominant MRD caused by TRIO gene mutations diagnosed at the Department of Neurology, Children′s Hospital Affiliated to Zhengzhou University in April 2019 and January 2023 was conducted. The clinical features were summarized and gene analysis and follow-up were carried out. Results The 2 patients were 6 years and 5 months old and 5 months old males, respectively. Clinical manifestations included seizures, cognitive and motor disorders, low intelligent development; case 1 had microcephaly, attention deficit disorder, ataxia, and aggressive behavior, and case 2 had macrocephaly. Brain magnetic resonance imaging revealed cerebellar atrophy in case 1, and non-specific dilation of the subarachnoid space and hypoplasia of the corpus callosum in case 2. Analysis of chromosome karyotype and chromosome copy number variation in 2 children showed no abnormalities. Whole exome sequencing revealed novel missense mutations in the TRIO gene in both patients [NM_007118:c.4289C>A(p.Thr1430Lys), c.4111C>A(p.His1371Asn), respectively]. The application of rehabilitation function training and a variety of anti-seizure medications can not fully and effectively control the seizure. Conclusion TRIO gene c.4289C>A(p.Thr1430Lys), c.4111C>A(p.His1371Asn) de novo missense variants were the genetic etiology of the 2 probands,causing rare autosomal dominant MRD type 44 and 63. ER  - 
The association between epilepsy and sleep disturbance in US adults: the mediating effect of depression$$$ BACKGROUND: People with epilepsy (PWE) frequently experience sleep disturbances that can severely affect their quality of life. Depression is also a common symptom in the PWE population and can aggravate sleep problems. However, the interplay between epilepsy, depression, and sleep disturbances is not yet fully understood. Our study was designed to investigate the association between epilepsy and sleep disturbances in US adults and to determine whether depressive symptoms play a mediating role in this relationship. METHODS: We examined data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) spanning January 1, 2015, to March 2020, before the pandemic.A total of 10,093 participants aged ≥ 20 years with complete data on epilepsy and sleep disturbance were included. Weighted multiple logistic regression and mediation analysis were used to explore the associations among depression, epilepsy, and sleep disturbance. Interaction effects of epilepsy with various covariates were also investigated. RESULTS: Epilepsy was associated with depression and sleep disturbances. Weighted logistic regression analysis revealed a significant association between epilepsy and sleep disturbances (OR = 3.67, 95% CI = 1.68-8.04). Depression partially mediated this relationship, demonstrating a mediation effect of 23.0% (indirect effect = 0.037, P < 0.001). Subgroup analyses revealed variations in the relationship between epilepsy and sleep disturbances among different groups. Furthermore, interaction analyses revealed significant interactions between epilepsy and age (P = 0.049) and hypertension (P = 0.045). CONCLUSIONS: Our study utilizing NHANES data confirmed that depression partially mediated the association between epilepsy and sleep disturbance. Additionally, we observed differences in this association across demographic groups. Addressing depressive symptoms in PWE may improve their sleep quality, but further research is needed to explore the underlying mechanisms. ER  - 
Use of Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors and Angiotensin Receptor Blockers Is Associated With a Reduced Risk of Poststroke Epilepsy in Patients With Ischemic Stroke$$$ BACKGROUND: Poststroke epilepsy (PSE) is a common complication after ischemic stroke. This study investigates the association between the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs) or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) and the risk of PSE in patients with ischemic stroke. METHODS AND RESULTS: A population-based retrospective cohort study was conducted using Taiwan’s National Health Insurance Research Database between 2000 and 2015. Patients with hypertension with a history of ischemic stroke were classified into prevalent, new, and nonusers according to their use of ACEIs/ARBs. Prevalent ACEI/ARB users were further classified into continuing or discontinued users, based on their poststroke medication adherence. We used multivariate Cox regression models, adjusted for demographics and comorbidities, to assess the risk of PSE among different ACEI/ARB user groups. There were 182 983 ACEI/ARB users and 38 365 nonusers included. There were 7387 patients diagnosed with PSE, whereas 213 961 were not. Nonusers exhibited a higher risk of PSE (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 1.72 [95% CI, 1.63–1.82]). Both prevalent and nonusers had higher risks compared with new ACEI/ARB users, with respective aHRs of 1.33 (95% CI, 1.25–1.41) and 2.00 (95% CI, 1.87–2.14). Discontinued ACEI/ARB users showed the highest risk of PSE (aHR, 2.34 [95% CI, 2.15–2.54]), suggesting the importance of continuing ACEI/ARB use after stroke. Treatment-by-age interaction was significant among patients with or without ACEI/ARB use before stroke (P value for interaction 0.004 and <0.001, respectively), suggesting a stronger beneficial association in younger patients. CONCLUSIONS: The use of ACEIs/ARBs after ischemic stroke in patients with hypertension is associated with a reduced risk of PSE, especially among younger patients. ER  - 
Functional neurological disorder in Saudi Arabia: A retrospective study$$$ Objectives: To describe the clinical profile of a sample of Saudi patients with Functional Neurological Disorder (FND). Method: A retrospective chart review of FND patients seen from 2021-2023 at a neuropsychiatry clinic at an academic tertiary care center in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Results: Out of 473 patients seen in the clinic during the review period, 52 (11%) had FND. Mean age was 34 years (standard deviation = 10.7), and 77% were female. Family dispute (39%) was the most reported risk factor, followed by sexual abuse (15%). The most common FND symptoms were nonepileptic seizures (61.5%) and abnormal movements (30.8%). Pain was reported by 57.7% and cognitive symptoms by 36.5%. FND symptoms were frequently attributed to supernatural causes (67.3%). During the last follow-up visit, 53.9% of patients reported FND symptom improvement, whereas 21.2% reported no change, 10.2% reported worsening, and 15% were lost to follow-up. The proportion of patients without symptom improvement was higher among patients with cognitive symptoms (45.5% vs 18% respectively, X2 = 10.08, df = 3, p =.018). The mean number of visits was highest in patients reporting worsening and the lowest was among patients reporting no change (F = 4.21, p =.017). Conclusion: The role of family disputes in FND in the Middle East, the role of supernatural concepts in how FND is perceived, and the relatively high rate of subjective improvement within this sample of Saudi FND patients merit further exploration. Cognitive symptoms may be another prognostic indicator. Prospective multicenter studies of those with FND using standardized assessment measures are needed. ER  - 
Availability and Cost of Expensive and Common Generic Prescription Drugs: A Cross-sectional Analysis of Direct-to-Consumer Pharmacies$$$ Background: Direct-to-consumer (DTC) pharmacies sell generic prescription drugs, often at lower prices than traditional retail pharmacies; however, not all drugs are available, and prices vary. Objective: To determine the availability and cost of generic drugs at DTC pharmacies. Design: Cross-sectional study. Setting: Five national DTC pharmacies in April and May 2023. Participants: Each qualifying form of 100 generic drugs with the highest cost-per-patient (expensive) and the 50 generic drugs with the highest number of patients (common) in Medicare Part D in 2020 Main Measures: Availability of these drugs and the lowest DTC pharmacy price for a standardized drug strength and supply (e.g., 30 pills), compared to GoodRx retail pharmacy prices. Key Results: Of the 118 expensive generic dosage forms, 94 (80%) were available at 1 or more DTC pharmacies; out of 52 common generic dosage forms, 51 (98%) were available (p < 0.001). Of the 88 expensive generics available in comparable quantities and strengths across pharmacies, 42 (47%) had the lowest cost at Amazon, 23 (26%) at Mark Cuban Cost Plus Drug Company, 13 (14%) at Health Warehouse, and 12 (13%) at Costco; for 51 common generic formulations, 16 (31%) had the lowest cost at Costco, 14 (27%) at Amazon, 10 (20%) at Walmart, 6 (12%) at Health Warehouse, and 5 (10%) at Mark Cuban Cost Plus Drug Company. For the 77 expensive generics with available GoodRx retail pharmacy prices, the median cost savings at DTC pharmacies were $231 (95% CI, $129–$792) or 76% (IQR, 53–91%); for 51 common generics, savings were $19 (95% CI, $10–$34) or 75% (IQR, 67–83%). Conclusions: Many of the most expensive generic drugs are unavailable at direct-to-consumer pharmacies. Meanwhile, less expensive, commonly used generics are widely available, but drug prices vary by pharmacy and savings are modest, requiring patients to shop around for the lowest cost. ER  - 
Investigating the impact of probiotic on neurological outcomes in Rett syndrome: A randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled pilot study$$$ This pilot study investigates the feasibility and assesses the impact of Lactobacillus plantarum PS128 probiotics on the neurological function in Rett syndrome. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled trial on Rett syndrome with MECP2 mutation aged between 1 and 50 years in Taiwan. In this pilot study, twice-daily L. plantarum PS128 or placebo was administered for 16 weeks. In addition to feasibility, we also assessed the changes utilizing the Mullen Scales of Early Learning. In total, 36 participants were finally randomized into L. plantarum PS128 (n = 18) or placebo (n = 18) groups. At the end of intervention, the retention rates were 100% for L. plantarum PS128 and 94.44% for placebo, with withdrawal rates of 5.56% for the placebo group. Both groups tolerated well, except for one L. plantarum PS128 participant who reported loose stool. The probiotic group showed a change of 2.19 ± 3.76, while the placebo group had −0.85 ± 5.09 (p = 0.051) in the total age-equivalent scores of Mullen Scales of Early Learning. There was a significant difference in the change of the total score on the Burke–Fahn–Marsden Movement Scale between probiotc group and placebo group (−12.19 ± 12.12 vs −4.59 ± 4.20, p = 0.020). In leg dystonia, the probiotic group exhibited a change of −4.11 ± 5.11 compared with −0.38 ± 1.50 in the placebo group (p = 0.008). Our findings affirm the feasibility of L. plantarum PS128 in Rett syndrome. Future clinical trials are mandatory to further explore its long-term impact on Rett syndrome. Lay abstract: Rett syndrome often involves gastrointestinal symptoms and gut microbiota imbalances. We conducted a study to explore the feasibility of probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum PS128 and the impact on neurological functions in Rett syndrome. The results of our investigation demonstrated that the supplementation of probiotic L. plantarum PS128 was feasible and well tolerated, with 100% retention rate and 0% withdrawal rate. In addition, there was only one participant who had loose stool after taking L. plantarum PS128. Further, there was a tendency to enhance overall cognitive developmental level, as assessed using Mullen Scales of Early Learning. In addition, it significantly improved dystonia, as assessed using the Burke–Fahn–Marsden Movement Scale, in comparison with the placebo group. This study provides a strong foundation for future research and clinical trials exploring the potential of L. plantarum PS128 probiotics as a complementary therapy for individuals with Rett syndrome. ER  - 
Possible incomplete penetrance of Xq28 int22h-1/int22h-2 duplication$$$ Xq28 int22h-1/int22h-2 duplication is the result of non-allelic homologous recombination between int22h-1/int22h-2 repeats separated by 0.5 Mb. It is responsible for a syndromic form of intellectual disability (ID), with recurrent infections and atopic diseases. Minor defects, nonspecific facial dysmorphic features, and overweight have also been described. Half of female carriers have been reported with ID, whereas all reported evaluated born males present mild to moderate ID, suggesting complete penetrance. We collected data on 15 families from eight university hospitals. Among them, 40 patients, 21 females (one fetus), and 19 males (two fetuses), were carriers of typical or atypical Xq28 int22h-1/int22h-2 duplication. Twenty-one individuals were considered asymptomatic (16 females and 5 males), without significantly higher rate of recurrent infections, atopia, overweight, or facial dysmorphism. Approximately 67% live-born males and 23% live-born female carriers of the typical duplication did not have obvious signs of intellectual disability, suggesting previously undescribed incomplete penetrance or low expression in certain carriers. The possibility of a second-hit or modifying factors to this possible susceptibility locus is yet to be studied but a possible observational bias should be considered in assessing such challenging X-chromosome copy number gains. Additional segregation studies should help to quantify this newly described incomplete penetrance. ER  - 
The prevalence of constipation in adult psychiatric out-patients on clozapine treatment at a regional public hospital in Hong Kong$$$ Objective: To determine the occurrence of constipation in local patients on clozapine treatment, and to compare the demographical and clinical characteristics of patients on clozapine treatment with or without constipation. Methods: This is a cross-sectional, observational study. All adult psychiatric out-patients on clozapine treatment attending follow-up at a regional hospital were recruited for clinical interview and medical record review. The Enhanced Asian Rome III Questionnaire (EAR3Q) was used to define patients with constipation. The Bristol Stool Form Scale (BSFS) was used to assess stool form. The Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale-Anchored (BPRS-A) was used to measure psychiatric symptoms. The Brief Medication Adherence Scale (BMAS) was used to assess treatment adherence. Logistic regression was conducted to identify independent associating factors of constipation in patients on clozapine treatment. Results: The prevalence of constipation in patients on clozapine treatment was 26.3%, (95% CI [21.5%, 31.6%]). Independent associating factors included disorder of psychological development (aOR = 6.98, 95% CI [1.24, 39.18]), anxiety (very mild: aOR = 9.23, 95% CI [2.59, 32.87]; mild: aOR = 2.66, 95% CI [1.26, 5.62]), prescription with combination of laxatives (aOR = 0.40, 95% CI [0.17, 0.95]), and concomitant use of amisulpride (aOR = 2.52, 95% CI [1.09, 5.82]), quetiapine (aOR = 5.92, 95% CI [1.11, 31.56]) and metamucil (aOR = 9.30, 95% CI [1.53, 56.58]). Conclusion: This study examined the prevalence of clozapine-associated constipation in Hong Kong using a validated questionnaire. The identification of independent factors associated with constipation could facilitate better risk stratification and risk modification in clinical practice. ER  - 
Original Research: Clinical Significance of a Unique Pediatric EEG Configuration: Bi-Frontal Spikes With Simultaneous Bi-Occipital Positivity$$$ Introduction: Frontal-predominant epileptiform discharges (EDs) include generalized spike-wave (GSW) and frontal spikes (FS). However, negative bi-frontal ED with simultaneous occipital positivity (BFOD) are rare, leading to questions regarding physiological generators. Methods: To determine the clinical significance of BFOD, electroclinical features of children with BFOD (n = 40) were compared to control patients with GSW (n = 102) and FS (n = 100). Results: Results are presented in the following order: BFOD, GSW, and FS. Epilepsy was prevalent among the groups: 95.0%, 90.2%, and 77.0%, respectively. The median age of seizure-onset did not significantly differ between groups: 3.00, 4.00, and 2.25 years, respectively. Regarding EEG background features, the BFOD group had more disorganized sleep architecture than other groups, P <.005. There was a significant difference in the proportion of developmental delay (DD) between the groups (P <.005). BFOD had much higher odds of DD compared to GSW and FS groups: odds ratio (OR) (confidence interval [CI]) 19.44 [5.64, 64.05] and 3.98 [1.16, 13.34]. Furthermore, BFOD had much higher odds of severe DD compared to GSW and FS groups: 9.60 [2.75, 33.45] and 2.73 [1.03, 7.27]. A Gross Motor Function Classification System (GMFCS) score of ≥ 4 was more prevalent in BFOD (22.5%), than GSW (0%) and FS groups (9%). On neuroimaging, BFOD had more structural (P <.005) and multilobar structural (P <.05) abnormalities than control groups. Conclusion: Children with BFOD had particularly severe significant DD, considerable motor deficit (GMFCS ≥ 4), and brain structural abnormalities, often multilobar. This suggests BFOD is a marker of severe underlying brain dysfunction and not benign when encountered on routine EEG review. ER  - 
Evidence of bottom-up homeostatic modulation induced taVNS during emotional and Go/No-Go tasks$$$ Bilateral transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) - a non-invasive neuromodulation technique – has been investigated as a safe and feasible technique to treat many neuropsychiatric conditions. such as epilepsy, depression, anxiety, and chronic pain. Our aim is to investigate the effect of taVNS on neurophysiological processes during emotional and Go/No-Go tasks, and changes in frontal alpha asymmetry. We performed a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial with 44 healthy individuals who were allocated into two groups (the active taVNS group and the sham taVNS group). Subjects received one session of taVNS (active or sham) for 60 min. QEEG was recorded before and after the interventions, and the subjects were assessed while exposed to emotional conditions with sad and happy facial expressions, followed by a Go/No-Go trial. The results demonstrated a significant increase in N2 amplitude in the No-Go condition for the active taVNS post-intervention compared to the sham taVNS after adjusting by handedness, mood, and fatigue levels (p = 0.046), significantly reduced ERD during sad conditions after treatment (p = 0.037), and increased frontal alpha asymmetry towards the right frontal hemisphere during the emotional task condition (p = 0.046). Finally, we observed an interesting neural signature in this study that suggests a bottom-up modulation from brainstem/subcortical to cortical areas as characterized by improved lateralization of alpha oscillations towards the frontal right hemisphere, and changes in ERP during emotional and Go/No-Go tasks that suggests a better subcortical response to the tasks. Such bottom-up effects may mediate some of the clinical effects of taVNS. ER  - 
Vitamin D deficiency and effect of treatment on seizure frequency and quality of life parameters in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Objective: This study was undertaken to assess the effect of treatment of vitamin D deficiency in drug-resistant epilepsy. Methods: We conducted a multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial, including patients aged ≥15 years with drug-resistant focal or generalized epilepsy. Patients with 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH]D) < 30 ng/mL were randomized to an experimental group (EG) receiving vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol, 100 000 IU, five doses in 3 months) or a control group (CG) receiving matched placebo. During the open-label study, EG patients received 100 000 IU/month for 6 months, whereas CG patients received five doses in 3 months then 1/month for 3 months. Monitoring included seizure frequency (SF), 25(OH)D, calcium, albumin, creatinine assays, and standardized scales for fatigue, anxiety–depression, and quality of life (Modified Fatigue Impact Scale [M-FIS], Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, Quality of Life in Epilepsy [QOLIE-31]) at 3, 6, and 12 months. The primary efficacy outcome was the percentage of SF reduction compared to the reference period and CG at 3 months. Secondary outcomes were SF and bilateral tonic–clonic seizure (BTCS) reduction, scale score changes, and correlations with 25(OH)D during the follow-up. Results: Eighty-eight patients were enrolled in the study (56 females, aged 17–74 years), with median baseline SF per 3 months = 16.5 and ≥2 antiseizure medications in 88.6%. In 75 patients (85%), 25(OH)D was <30 ng/mL; 40 of them were randomly assigned to EG and 34 to CG. After the 3-month blinded period, SF reduction did not significantly differ between groups. However, during the open-label period, SF significantly decreased (30% median SF reduction, 33% responder rate at 12 months). BTCSs were reduced by 52%. M-FIS and QOLIE-31 scores were significantly improved at the whole group level. SF reduction correlated with 25(OH)D > 30 ng/mL for >6 months. Significance: Despite no proven effect after the 3-month blinded period, the open-label study suggests that long-term vitamin D3 supplementation with optimal 25(OH)D may reduce SF and BTCSs, with a positive effect on fatigue and quality of life. These findings need to be confirmed by further long-term studies. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03475225 (03-22-2018). ER  - 
Correlation between neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus and immunological markers: a real-world retrospective study$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to investigate disparities in clinical profiles and autoantibody patterns between patients with and without neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) in a cohort and to identify risk factors associated with NPSLE in the Chinese population. Methods: SLE patients were retrospectively reviewed from two tertiary hospitals. The relationships between NPSLE and immunological biomarkers were explored. Results: Among the 945 SLE patients, 75 (7.94%) were diagnosed with NPSLE. The most prevalent NP manifestations involved cognitive disorder (30.67%), headache (26.67%), seizure disorder (26.67%), and psychosis (26.67%).We observed significant associations between psychosis and anti-β2GPI antibodies (F = 6.092, p = 0.015), polyneuropathy and anti-Scl70 antibodies (F = 20.161, p < 0.001), demyelinating syndrome and anti-cardiolipin antibodies (F = 6.637, p = 0.011), myasthenia gravis and anti-RNP (F = 5.864, p = 0.017), and anti-Smith antibodies (F = 5.096, p = 0.026). Multivariate logistics analysis showed that anti-prothrombin (aPT) IgM antibodies (OR = 10.985, CI 1.279–94.343, p = 0.029), age (OR = 1.169, CI 1.032–1.325, p = 0.014), and serum creatinine (SCr) (OR = 1.014, CI 1.003–1.025, p = 0.009) were independent risk factors of NPSLE, while anti-Sjogren syndrome antigen B (SSB) antibodies (OR 0.023, CI 0.002–0.622, p = 0.023) and high complement C3 (OR = 0.001, CI 0–0.045, p < 0.001) indicated reduced risk of NPSLE. Conclusion: Various neuropsychiatric manifestations in SLE were found to be correlated with specific autoantibodies. Independent risk factors for NPSLE included aPT IgM antibodies, age, and elevated serum creatinine, while the absence of anti-SSB antibodies and low complement C3 levels were associated with increased risk. Key points: •Significant associations were found between specific autoantibodies and neuropsychiatric symptoms, shedding light on potential biomarkers for predicting and understanding NPSLE. •The study identifies independent risk factors for NPSLE in the Chinese population, including the presence of anti-prothrombin IgM antibodies, older age, elevated serum creatinine, and lower complement C3 levels. ER  - 
Impact of Third-Generation Antiseizure Medications on People with Epilepsy in a Low-Income Population: The Brivaracetam Experience in a Real-World Study$$$ Background: Third-generation antiseizure medications, such as brivaracetam, are recognized for their superior safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetic profiles. However, their potential benefits are often limited in low-income populations because of challenges related to availability and affordability. Objective: We aimed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of brivaracetam for treating epilepsy in a low-income population, within a real-world setting. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included individuals with epilepsy from a low-income population in Bogotá, Colombia, who were treated with brivaracetam between January 2020 and July 2023. Effectiveness (mean seizure reduction and ≥ 50% seizure reduction) and safety (retention rate and adverse events) were evaluated. Results: A total of 106 individuals were included, with a median age of 33 years (interquartile range: 24–44). Most had focal epilepsy with a median disease duration of 25.4 years (standard deviation: 13.6). The baseline seizure frequency was 4 seizures per month (interquartile range: 2–15) and individuals had previously received a mean of 4.4 (standard deviation: 1.8) antiseizure medications. The mean percentage seizure reduction at 3, 6, and 12 months was 55.3%, 66.9%, and 63.8%, respectively. Additionally, 60%, 63.8%, and 65.9% of individuals achieved a ≥ 50% seizure reduction at 3, 6, and 12 months, respectively. Retention rate at 3 months was 89% (n = 95) and 18.7% (n = 20) reported adverse effects. Conclusions: In a real-world setting, brivaracetam has been shown to be safe and effective for the treatment of epilepsy in individuals from a low-income population. This study suggests that people with epilepsy living in this context can significantly benefit from the use of third-generation antiseizure medications. ER  - 
From flare to care: Dermatologists' impact on pediatric atopic dermatitis hospital admissions$$$ Background/Objectives: Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a common chronic skin disease in the pediatric population; however, rates of admissions for flares in patients established with dermatology compared to those that are not established have not been fully assessed in prior studies. Methods: We reviewed electronic medical records of patients hospitalized (billing codes 99221–99223, 99217) with diagnoses encompassing AD, eczema, and dermatitis (ICD-10 codes L20.8-L20.9, L30.8-L30.9) between January 1, 2011, and December 31, 2021, at University Hospitals (UH) in Cleveland, Ohio. Patients were considered established with dermatology if they had been seen by a dermatology provider within 6 months prior to admission. Statistical analysis was performed using chi-square goodness of fit. Results: A total of 95 patient encounters met criteria for inclusion. Fifteen (15.8%) patients were established with dermatology at the time of admission and 80 (84.2%) were not. The chi-square value (x2 = 44.74) was greater than the critical value of 10.828 at one degree of freedom (p <.001). There were 8 patients who had more than one admission for atopic dermatitis flares; 2 of these patients were established with dermatology prior to their first admission, and 4 were established at the time of the second admission. Conclusion: The majority of patients admitted with AD flare were not established with dermatology. Many of these patients lived in a low socioeconomic area and missed follow-up appointments. Increasing access to dermatologic care for patients with atopic dermatitis, especially in lower-income areas, could aid in decreasing atopic dermatitis-related hospitalizations. ER  - 
Resective surgery for mesial temporal lobe epilepsy associated with hippocampal sclerosis in patients over 50 years: a case–control study$$$ Background: Mesial temporal lobe epilepsy associated with hippocampal sclerosis (MTLE/HS) is the most common cause of drug-resistant focal seizures and surgical resection is the primary treatment option, with seizure-free rates ranging from 60 to 80%. However, data on postsurgical seizure outcomes in patients ≥ 50 years of age are limited. This study aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of surgery in this age group compared to younger patients. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of data from resective surgeries conducted in patients with MTLE/HS between 1990 and 2022. We focused on patients aged ≥ 50 years and compared the surgical safety and efficacy variables between this group and a control group of patients aged < 50 years through a case–control study. Results: Among the 450 MTLE/HS patients who underwent surgery during the inclusion period, 61 (13.6%) were aged ≥ 50 years and matched with 183 younger patients, totaling 244 study participants. The two groups had similar characteristics. At the last follow-up (median 5.7 years), Engel I outcomes were achieved in 80.3% of the older patients and 81.4% of the younger patients, with no significant difference (p = 0.85). Postoperative cognitive and psychiatric outcomes did not differ between the groups. Major complication rates were also comparable, at 3.3% in the older group and 2.7% in the younger group (p = 0.83). The extratemporal ictal abnormalities observed on video-EEG were the only variable that demonstrated a significant association with an unfavorable seizure outcome in the older group (OR 9.3, 95% CI [1.8–47.6], p = 0.005). Conclusions: This study provides grade 3 evidence that resective surgery for MTLE/HS patients aged ≥ 50 years is as effective and safe as it is for younger patients, and thus should be considered as the primary treatment option for drug-resistant cases. ER  - 
Association of depression and social anxiety symptom scores with disease characteristics in pediatric patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenia: a cross-sectional study$$$ Patients with ITP have been reported to experience higher levels of depression and anxiety than their healthy counterparts. The limited research conducted on this subject in the pediatric age group has demonstrated that patients have psychosocial difficulties, and their quality of life is adversely affected. The correlation of depressive symptoms with disease characteristics of cITP has never been investigated. This was a cross-sectional study in patients being treated for cITP. Communication with participants was done during routine outpatient visits or by telephone or e-mail, and a survey about demographics and the Children’s Depression Inventory (CDI) and the Social Anxiety Scale for Children-Revised (SAS-CR) was administered prospectively. A total of 56 children with cITP were recruited. The mean CDI score was 17 (SD: ± 9.44). Approximately half of the patients had higher CDI scores than healthy Turkish children. Older age, time since diagnosis, a number of hospitalizations (both total and within the last year) were positively correlated with CDI scores. There was no significant correlation between SAS-CR scores and disease characteristics. Depressive symptom scores were higher in children with cITP compared with healthy children in this study. Psychological needs may be overlooked in the medical management of children with cITP. ER  - 
Long-Term Outcome of Motor Functional Neurological Disorder After Rehabilitation$$$ Background and Purpose Functional neurological disorder (FND) is defined as the presence of neurological symptoms that are inconsistent with a neurological disease. We performed a single-center retrospective study aimed at determining the long-term outcome of FND patients receiving inpatient rehabilitation and the predictors of a good outcome. Methods A multidisciplinary graded exercise program was provided with one or two daily physiotherapy and occupational therapy sessions on 5 days each week, as well as weekly psychological support. Outcome was assessed using the motor part of the Functional Independence Measure scale (FIM; maximum score of 91) at admission, discharge, and follow-up, with the last assessment performed by phone interview. Results The 30 included patients were aged 43.6±14.7 years (mean±standard deviation), comprised 70% females, and received a mean of 4 weeks of rehabilitation. The admission FIM score (80.2±8.3) was significantly lower than the discharge FIM score (86.9±4.6; p<0.001, Wilcoxon signed-rank test). No notable difference was observed between discharge and follow-up FIM scores (85.5±8.5, p=0.54). The mean follow-up of the 36-month FIM scores at discharge and follow-up was dichotomized as a good outcome in cases where all items were scored ≥6 (functional independence). Binomial logistic regression showed that absence of a comorbid psychiatric disorder (p=0.039, odds ratio=10.7) was a predictive factor for a good outcome at follow-up. Other variables (e.g., sex and age) were not significant predictors of clinical outcome (all p≥0.058). Conclusions These results suggest inpatient intensive rehabilitation for motor FND is effective and produces favorable long-term results. Further studies with larger groups are warranted so that the management protocols can be standardized. ER  - 
Evaluation of Types of Traumatic Events and Comorbid Mental and Physical Diseases in Adults with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Retrospective Study$$$ Introduction: In this study, mental and physical illnesses, types of traumatic events, frequency of recurrence and sociodemographic characteristics of patients with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) were examined. Methods: The study included the files of 179 patients over the age of 18 who were admitted to the psychiatry outpatient clinic between 01.12.2010 and 31.01.2023 and diagnosed with PTSD. The data was obtained from the hospital automation system and national database. Results: Of the 44 patients diagnosed with a single comorbid mental illness, 45.5% had mixed anxiety and depressive disorder and 36.4% had a depressive disorder. The rate of patients with comorbid mental illness in PTSD was 51.4%, and chronic physical illness was observed in 59.8%. In our study, sexual trauma and domestic violence had the highest recurrence rates among traumatic events (80%). Conclusion: Comorbid mental and physical illnesses are common in PTSD. The lack of adequate examination time and an appropriate therapeutic environment causes this diagnosis to be missed by clinicians and prevents patients from getting an ideal health service. In order to prevent recurrences of sexual traumas and domestic violence, the competent authorities must make practices of protecting socially disadvantaged groups more effective and act in accordance with international conventions. ER  - 
Proteomics identifies potential immunological drivers of postinfection brain atrophy and cognitive decline$$$ Infections have been associated with the incidence of Alzheimer disease and related dementias, but the mechanisms responsible for these associations remain unclear. Using a multicohort approach, we found that influenza, viral, respiratory, and skin and subcutaneous infections were associated with increased long-term dementia risk. These infections were also associated with region-specific brain volume loss, most commonly in the temporal lobe. We identified 260 out of 942 immunologically relevant proteins in plasma that were differentially expressed in individuals with an infection history. Of the infection-related proteins, 35 predicted volumetric changes in brain regions vulnerable to infection-specific atrophy. Several of these proteins, including PIK3CG, PACSIN2, and PRKCB, were related to cognitive decline and plasma biomarkers of dementia (Aβ42/40, GFAP, NfL, pTau-181). Genetic variants that influenced expression of immunologically relevant infection-related proteins, including ITGB6 and TLR5, predicted brain volume loss. Our findings support the role of infections in dementia risk and identify molecular mediators by which infections may contribute to neurodegeneration. ER  - 
Comparing the Effect of Intravenous Tramadol and Intravenous Nalbuphine in Addition to Midazolam for the Control of Shivering after Spinal Anesthesia$$$ Introduction: Shivering is a common complication during neuraxial anesthesia, leading to metabolic and cardiovascular challenges. Existing treatments vary in effectiveness, and this study compares intravenous tramadol and nalbuphine, both administered with midazolam, for shivering control. Objectives: To evaluate and compare the efficacy of IV tramadol and IV nalbuphine, alongside midazolam, in controlling post-spinal anesthesia shivering. Materials and Methods: A prospective, randomized comparative clinical study involving 100 patients undergoing various surgical procedures under spinal anesthesia. Patients were divided into two groups to receive either IV Tramadol or IV Nalbuphine with midazolam. Parameters like shivering severity, time to cessation, recurrence, and side effects were recorded and analyzed. Results: Both tramadol and nalbuphine effectively controlled shivering with comparable response times and side effect profiles. There was no significant difference in the incidence of nausea, vomiting, and sedation between the groups. Hemodynamic stability was maintained throughout the study. Conclusion: IV tramadol and IV nalbuphine, in conjunction with midazolam, are effective in controlling post-spinal anesthesia shivering, with similar efficacy and safety profiles. They provide valuable options for clinicians in managing this common anesthetic complication. Further research is encouraged for more refined application in diverse patient populations. ER  - 
No effect of older age on the severity and duration of alcohol withdrawal syndrome$$$ Objective. Few studies have analysed the impact of age on the severity and duration of Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome (AWS), and the results are contradictory. We aimed to investigate the effects of age on the severity and duration of AWS during inpatient detoxification. Methods. This study was a retrospective cohort study in the inpatient facility of Brijder Addiction Care, The Hague, the Netherlands. The total sample consisted of 141 patients with AWS: 59 patients aged < 55 years and 82 patients aged ≥ 55 years. Patients were treated with a standard detoxification protocol. The Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA-Ar) was used to assess the severity and duration of AWS. Other outcome variables were the duration of hospital stay and the occurrence of delirium, falls, and seizures. Results. The maximum CIWA-Ar score, first CIWA-Ar score, time to achieve a CIWA-Ar score < 10, and duration of hospital stay were not different between the age groups. The numbers of delirium, falls, and seizures were too small to test the statistical significance of the difference between age groups. In multivariate analyses adjusted for gender, units of alcohol used per day, somatic diseases, and benzodiazepine use, age (as a continuous variable) was neither associated with severity nor with duration of AWS. Conclusions. Age was not a significant predictor of severity or duration of AWS in multivariate analyses. ER  - 
Clinical Spectrum of Autoimmune Encephalitis in Children at Tertiary Care Hospital$$$ Objective: To study the clinical spectrum and functional outcome of autoimmune encephalitis in children. Study Design: Cross-sectional study. Place and Duration of Study: Department of Pediatric Neurology, University of Child Health Sciences, The Children’s Hospital, Lahore. (a tertiary care hospital) after getting ethical approval from the Institutional Review Board via letter no.661. Material and Methods: It was a cross-sectional study. We retrospectively analysed the records of patients diagnosed with autoimmune encephalitis from May 2022 to May 2023. The attendants of the study participants who fulfilled the inclusion criteria filled out a validated questionnaire. We documented the data on demographic information, clinical features, laboratory findings, radiological investigations, treatment given and their outcomes. The collected data were analysed using SPSS v26, whereas frequencies, percentages, ANOVA and post hoc tests were applied. Results: Most of the study participants were male and presented with encephalopathy. Cerebrospinal fluid NMDA receptor antibodies were negative in two-thirds of the patients, while one-third tested positive. Regarding the clinical spectrum of autoimmune encephalitis, the most prevalent symptoms included disorganized speech, agitation, primary febrile illness, anxiety, paranoia, social withdrawal, insomnia, severe cognitive dysfunction, and an increased frequency of seizures. ANOVA for between treatment analysis showed significant values for intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG) and Rituximab (p≤0.05) whereas for methylprednisolone it was non-significant (p≥0.05). Post hoc values showed a significant difference (p≤0.05) between the post treatment scores of methylprednisolone and IVIG or Rituximab. Conclusion: Autoimmune encephalitis has shown a diverse range of symptoms in our study participants, with IVIG and Rituximab as the better treatment option than merely steroids. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression as risk factors for postoperative complications and pain in lumbar spine surgery: A national database study$$$ Objective: To investigate the potential association between anxiety and depression and surgical outcomes in patients undergoing LSS. By analyzing data from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) database, we aim to identify whether anxiety and depression serve as predictors for postoperative complications and pain-related symptoms. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted via the NIS database. Those undergoing LSS from 2010 to 2019 were divided into four groups: those with a diagnosis of anxiety, depression, both depression and anxiety, and neither depression nor anxiety. The chi-squared test, rank sum test, the Student-Newman-Keuls, least significant difference, and Bonferroni tests were used to identify differences between these groups. Logistic regression analysis was utilized to determine if anxiety and depression were predictors for postoperative complications and pain-related symptoms. Results: From 2010 to 2019, 832,099 patients undergoing LSS were identified. Patients with either anxiety or depression were associated with heavier economic burdens ($85,375, $76,840, $88,542 in the anxiety, depression, and comorbid group, respectively, p < 0.001) and prolonged hospital stay (p < 0.001). They were identified to experience higher risks of various complications especially thrombophilia (OR = 1.82, and 1.55 in the anxiety and the depression group, respectively, p < 0.01). Multiple pain-related symptoms, but face reduced risks of inpatient mortality (OR = 0.71, 0.75, and 0.63 in the anxiety, depression, and comorbid group, respectively, p < 0.01). Conclusions: The overall morbidities of depression and anxiety were relatively high. Psychiatric comorbidities were closely correlated with the negative outcomes after LSS. The psychological health of patients receiving LSS requires necessary attention to ensure pain control and prevent complications postoperatively. ER  - 
Characteristics and prognosis of LGI1 antibody encephalitis$$$ Objectives: To investigate clinical manifestations and outcomes of patients with LGI1 autoimmune encephalitis. Methods: A total of 12 patients who were diagnosed with LGI1 autoimmune encephalitis were retrospectively analyzed between 2018 and 2022 at the Department of Neurology of the Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University. Clinical characteristics, laboratory examinations, electroencephalograms, brain magnetic resonance images and prognosis were assessed. The clinical data were collected by searching through electronic medical records. Results: Among 12 patients, 8 were male and 4 were female. The average age at disease onset was 61.8 years (24–83). The most common clinical symptoms were seizures (n=10), cognitive dysfunction (n=8), and mental behavioral disorders (n=8). A total of 9 cases had hyponatremia. Brain MRI and electroencephalographic were abnormal in 7 patients each. All patients were treated with first line immunotherapy. Most patients responded well and 3 patients relapsed on follow-up. Conclusion: Characteristic features of LGI1 antibody encephalitis include subacute onset cognitive impairment, seizures, faciobrachial dystonic seizures (FBDS), and mental and behavioral abnormalities. Especially, FBDS and hyponatremia suggest LGI1-antibody encephalitis. Therefore, early identification and immunotherapy may prevent cognitive impairment and improve prognosis. ER  - 
A comparison of infectious and autoimmune meningoencephalitis: Clinical presentation, biochemical markers and MRI findings$$$ Objective: This study investigates distinguishing patterns in lesion distribution, relevant clinical presentation and biochemical markers in MRI to differentiate infective encephalitis (IE) and autoimmune encephalitis (AE). Methods: Retrospective study of adult patients with a confirmed diagnosis of IE and AE admitted to the Neurology unit from January 2012 to December 2020 with MRI Brain. Selected cases with confirmed IE (according to the 2013 Infective Encephalitis Consortium diagnostic criteria) or antibody-positive AE (detection of Neuronal auto-antibody from blood or CSF), coupled by clinical presentation. MRI brain lesion distribution, lobar involvement, enhancement, haemorrhage, vasculopathy and atrophy were analysed. Results: Forty-seven patients (21 IE and 26 AE, respectively) were selected. IE group are older (48.0 ± 16.81) compared to AE (28.4 ± 14.10). Fever and vomiting were significant in IE (p<0.001), whereas psychosis, seizure, movement disorder, and tumour (ovarian teratoma) were significant in the AE cohort. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis showed elevated leucocytes with polymorphism and high protein levels in IE (2.081 g/L ± 2.93 vs AE (0.352g/L ± 0.18). MR imaging detected abnormal findings in 61.9% of cases with infectious encephalitis (IE), while 76.9% of cases with autoimmune encephalitis (AE) exhibited normal MRI results. Asymmetrical lesions and inferior frontal lobe distribution (57.1%) were significantly prevalent in IE (p<0.05). Enhancement patterns and haemorrhage were rarely observed in AE patients. Conclusion: IE presented at an older age, with the majority having MRI findings such as asymmetrical lesions, leptomeningeal enhancement, and involvement of medial temporal, hippocampus and inferior frontal cortex. IE clinically presents with fever, vomiting, and elevated CSF leucocytes and protein levels. AE presents at a younger age with seizure, psychosis, movement disorder, tumour (ovarian teratoma). Fewer AE have MRI findings, and if present, tend to be symmetrical in distribution. Lobar involvement in the inferior frontal was the MRI feature that significantly favoured the diagnosis of IE compared to AE. IE and AE have distinct clinical, biochemical, and MRI abnormalities that can be discriminated between the 2 entities. ER  - 
Recreational Drug Overdose—Clinical Value of Toxicological Analysis$$$ Background: Toxicological analysis of patients with acute recreational drug poisoning can improve our understanding of substance use patterns, clinical symptoms, and improve treatment. Patient history alone may be incomplete or misleading. The objective was to assess the differences in patient history and analytical results, to describe the clinical characteristics, implications and hospital management, and to describe the drug use pattern over time. Methods: A retrospective study including all patients admitted to our toxicology unit with recreational drug toxicity and analytical testing from October 2014 to December 2022. Results: 872 patients were included. Patient history revealed a median of one ingested substance class: opiates/opioids, benzodiazepines/Z-drugs, and Pregabalin were predominant. Urine analysis revealed a median of three ingested substance classes (p < 0.001). Benzodiazepines/Z-drugs, Pregabalin, and THC were severely underreported. Agitation and aggression, anxiety, hallucinations, and psychosis were frequent, associated with cocaine, cathinone/phenethylamine, and amphetamine/MDMA detection and required sedation. Coma was also frequent, associated with opiate/opioid, benzodiazepine/Z-drug, GBL/GHB, and Pregabalin detection and required intubation, and/or application of Naloxone and/or Flumazenil. Twelve patients arrived in cardiac arrest; all were positive for opiates/opioids. Four patients died: three with Benzodiazepines/Z-drugs, Pregabalin and opiates/opioids detected, one with cathinones/phenethylamines detected. While cathinones/phenethylamines and synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists were mainly detected between 2014–2016, detection decreased significantly between 2017–2022 after NPS legislation passed. Pregabalin detection increased. Conclusions: Patient history is inaccurate, and patients frequently underreport ingested drugs. Opiates and opioids are still the main cause of morbidity and mortality. Pregabalin is increasingly abused. NPS legislation effectively decreased cathinone/phenethylamine and synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonist overdoses. ER  - 
Utilization of Healthcare Services in Patients with Chronic Diseases under 18 Years Old: Differences and Contributing Factors$$$ Pediatric patients with chronic conditions frequently have unmet care needs, make extensive use of healthcare services, and often encounter fragmented, non-centered care. This study aimed to analyze the differences in the utilization of primary care (PC) and hospital care (HC) services by these patients according to sex, age, and complexity and to identify associated factors. A cross-sectional study was conducted in a basic health area of Madrid, including patients under 18 years. Among these patients, 15.7% had ≥1 chronic disease, 54.1% were male, the average age was 9.5 years, 3.5% had complexity, and 11.3% had multimorbidity. The mean number of contacts/year with the healthcare system was 9.1, including 8.3 contacts/year with PC (4.9 with pediatricians and 1.9 with nurses) and 0.8 contacts/year with HC (0.8 in external consultations and 0.01 hospitalizations). The factors associated with PC utilization were complexity; female sex; European origin; and diseases like asthma, epilepsy, stroke, recurrent urinary infection, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and anxiety, while older age was negatively associated. Thyroid disorders were significantly associated with HC utilization. These findings could help guide the design of optimized pediatric patient-centered care approaches to coordinate care across healthcare services and reduce high healthcare utilization, therefore improving the healthcare outcomes and quality of life for these patients. ER  - 
Evaluating Family Coping Mechanisms in Pediatric Seizure Disorders: From Emergency Room to Long-Term Follow-Up$$$ Pediatric seizure disorders profoundly impact family dynamics, often escalating stress and impairing coping mechanisms. This study aimed to longitudinally assess the impact of pediatric seizures on family stress and coping, evaluating the efficacy of multidisciplinary follow-up care in enhancing psychological resilience and adaptation. A longitudinal study design was implemented, enrolling children aged 1–18 who presented with a first seizure and received a neurologist’s diagnosis at the Emergency Clinical Hospital for Children “Louis Turcanu,” Timisoara, Romania. Validated questionnaires, including the Parenting Stress Index (PSI), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), Perceived Stress Scale (PSS-10), and Parental Concerns Questionnaire (PCQ), were employed at baseline, 6, and 12 months. Statistical analysis utilized ANOVA and t-tests to evaluate changes in stress and coping outcomes. The study involved 68 families, with significant reductions in stress and anxiety reported over the follow-up period. Initial PSI scores showed high stress levels across various domains: Emotional Stress (59.47) decreased to 50.63 at one year; Parent–Child Communication Difficulties started at 66.03 ± 20.15 and reduced to 56.92 ± 18.74; and Total Family Stress decreased from 65.55 to 55.97. The HADS scores indicated initial anxiety and depression at 8.2 ± 3.1 and 7.1 ± 2.8, respectively, with reductions to 6.8 and 5.9 by the end of the year. The overall HADS score showed a decrease from 15.4 to 12.8. PCQ results mirrored these findings, with Total Score dropping from 9.7 to 7.7. PSS-10 scores declined from 13.5 to 11.3, with a significant reduction in the positive sub-score. The proactive, multidisciplinary care approach significantly reduced stress and enhanced coping mechanisms in families dealing with pediatric seizures. The decreases in stress, anxiety, and depression scores highlight the potential for integrated care models to improve long-term outcomes in these families. These findings support the continued development of targeted interventions to aid in the management of chronic pediatric conditions. ER  - 
The Effect of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on M1 with and without Mirror Visual Feedback on Range of Motion and Hand Grip Strength of the Affected Upper Limb in Children with Spastic Hemiplegic Cerebral Palsy$$$ Objectives This study investigated the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) before and during the mirror visual feedback (MVF) on hand grip strength (HGS) and range of motion of the affected hand in children with spastic hemiplegia cerebral palsy (SHCP). Materials & Methods Twelve children with SHCP participated in this randomized, crossover, and double-blind study. They were randomly exposed to one of four intervention conditions, including 1) a-tDCS-offline, 2) s-tDCS-offline, 3) a-tDCS-online, and 4) s-tDCS-online, with a one-week interval. Participants in the online condition received either anodal or sham tDCS during MVF, while those in the offline condition received tDCS before performing MVF. The tDCS was applied over the M1 area of the affected hemisphere for 20 minutes at 1 mA intensity. The HGS and range of motion of the wrist and elbow (ROM-W and ROM-E) of the affected limb were measured before (pre) and immediately after (post) interventions in each session. Results The results showed that the HGS was significantly higher under a-tDCS-offline (p=0.001), s-tDCS-offline (p=0.004), and s-tDCS-online (p=0.005) compared to the a-tDCS-online. Moreover, the ROM-W was significantly higher under a-tDCS-offline (p=0.034), s-tDCS-offline (0.011), and s-tDCS-online (p=0.027) compared to the a-tDCS-online. Eventually, the ROM-E was significantly higher under a-tDCS-offline, s-tDCS-offline, and s-tDCS-online compared to the a-tDCS-online (p0.001; p0.001; p=0.01, respectively). Conclusion The results might have practical implications regarding the timing of the application of tDCS in conjunction with MVF in children with SHCP. ER  - 
Prenatal antidepressant use and risk of congenital malformations: A population-based cohort study$$$ Previous studies examining antidepressants and congenital-malformations were primarily conducted in western countries, and many were constrained by important methodological limitations. This population-based study identified 465,069 women (including 1,705 redeemed ≥1 prescription of antidepressants during first-trimester) aged 15–50 years who delivered their first and singleton child between 2003 and 2018 in a predominantly-Chinese population in Hong Kong, using territory-wide medical-record database of public-healthcare services, and employed propensity-score fine-stratification-weighted logistic-regression analyses to evaluate risk of any major and organ/system-specific congenital-malformations following first-trimester exposure to antidepressants. Major malformation overall was not associated with any antidepressant (weighted-odds-ratio wOR, 0.88 [95 %CI, 0.44–1.76]), specific drug-class, or individual antidepressants. Exposure to any antidepressant was associated with increased risk of cardiac (wOR, 1.82 [95 %CI, 1.07–3.12]) and respiratory anomalies (wOR,4.11 [95 %CI, 1.61–10.45]). Exposure to selective-serotonin-reuptake-inhibitors (SSRI) and multiple-AD-classes were associated with respiratory and cardiac anomalies, respectively. However, these identified associations were not consistently affirmed across sensitivity analyses, precluding firm conclusion. Observed associations of specific cardiac defects with serotonin-norepinephrine-reuptake-inhibitors (SNRI), tricyclic-antidepressants (TCA) and multiple-AD-classes were noted with wide confidence-intervals, suggesting imprecise estimation. Overall, our findings suggest that first-trimester antidepressant exposure was not robustly associated with increased risk of congenital-malformations. Further research clarifying comparative safety of individual antidepressants on specific malformations is warranted. ER  - 
Impact of an alcohol withdrawal screening and treatment protocol for hospitalized patients$$$ Introduction: Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome (AWS) is a potentially life-threatening complication of alcohol use disorder (AUD) that can be challenging to recognize in hospitalized patients. Our institution implemented universal AUD screening for all patients admitted to a non-critical care venue using the Prediction of Alcohol Withdrawal Severity Scale (PAWSS). At risk patients were then further assessed, utilizing the Glasgow Modified Alcohol Withdrawal Scale (GMAWS), and medicated according to a predetermined protocol. This study sought to determine whether this protocol decreased hospital length of stay, lowered the total benzodiazepine dose administered, and decreased adverse events attributable to AWS. Methods: This retrospective cohort study was conducted over a 6-year period from 2014 to 2020. The study included patients with an ICD-10 code diagnosis of AWS and subsequently divided them into two groups: pre- and post-protocol introduction. Outcome measures were compared pre- versus post-protocol introduction. Results: There were 181 patient encounters pre- and 265 patient encounters post-protocol. There was no statistically significant difference in median length of stay between the two groups (2.956 days pre and 3.250 days post-protocol, p = 0.058). Post-protocol, there was a statistically significant reduction in median total benzodiazepine dose (13.5 mg and 9 mg lorazepam equivalents pre- and post-protocol, p < 0.001) and in occurrence of delirium tremens (7.7 % pre and 2.3 % post-protocol, p = 0.006). Conclusion: Protocol implementation did not reduce length of stay in patients with AUD but was associated with a significant reduction in total benzodiazepine dose and, when adjusted, a non-statistically significant decrease in progression to delirium tremens in hospitalized patients, after applying Bonferroni adjustment. ER  - 
Insomnia in patients with MRI-negative epilepsy: The associated factors and 3D-pCASL cerebral blood flow perfusion changes$$$ Objective: This study aimed to identify the factors associated with insomnia in MRI-negative epilepsy and uncover the underlying pathological mechanism driving insomnia within the context of epilepsy. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study of patients with MRI-negative epilepsy recruited consecutively from December 2021 to December 2022. All subjects completed the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), Self-rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), and Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS). Additionally, some subjects underwent the three-dimensional pseudo continuous arterial spin labeling(3D-pCASL) imaging examination. Bilateral frontal lobe, temporal lobe, hippocampus, thalamus, amygdala, caudate nucleus and lenticular nucleus were selected as regions of interest(ROI) and cerebral blood flow(CBF) values were measured in these regions. Subjects were classified into insomnia (ISI ≥ 10) or non-insomnia (ISI < 10) groups, and univariate and stepwise logistic regression analyses were employed to identify the factors associated with insomnia. Furthermore, CBF values in each ROI were compared between the two groups to identify the brain regions potentially related to the underlying pathological mechanism of insomnia in epilepsy. Results: A total of 73 patients with MRI-negative epilepsy were recruited in this study(men, 49.3 %). Among them, 14 patients(19.2 %) had insomnia. Univariate regression revealed that nocturnal seizures, number of anti-seizure medication(ASM), anxiety, use of valproic acid(VPA), depression, and excessive daytime sleepiness(EDS) may be associated with insomnia in MRI-negative epilepsy (all p0.05). Stepwise regression demonstrated that nocturnal seizures, anxiety, and EDS were independently associated with insomnia in MRI-negative epilepsy (OR[95 %CI]P: 14.64[2.02–106.27]0.008,49.35[3.06–796.61]0.006, 13.28[1.25–140.66]0.032, respectively). Furthermore, CBF values in the left amygdala were significantly lower in patients with MRI- negative epilepsy who had insomnia. Conclusion: The prevalence of insomnia in MRI-negative epilepsy is 19.2%. Nocturnal seizures, anxiety, and EDS were independently associated with insomnia in MRI-negative epilepsy. The noteworthy decrease in CBF values in the left amygdala might be connected to the underlying pathological mechanism of insomnia in epilepsy. ER  - 
Enteral Ketamine for Status Epilepticus in Children with Epilepsy$$$ Background: Approximately 10% to 20% of children with epilepsy experience status epilepticus (SE), and children with seizure clustering are at higher risk. Ketamine is growing in use for SE. This study examines the efficacy and safety of enteral ketamine in the treatment of convulsive status epilepticus (CSE) characterized by refractory seizure clusters and nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) in children with epilepsy. Methods: Patient charts were reviewed retrospectively. Children with epilepsy aged one to 21 years presenting in SE and treated with enteral ketamine between September 1, 2021 and September 1, 2022 at a pediatric tertiary care center were identified. Resolution or reduction in seizure frequency within 48 hours, clinical presentation, endotracheal intubation, hospitalization duration, side effects, and readmission were assessed. Results: Nine patients aged two to 21 years were identified. Six patients presented in CSE characterized by recurrent seizures, and three patients presented in NCSE. Five patients had genetic epilepsies, including PCDH19- and MECP2-related epilepsy. Seven patients had resolution or reduction in seizures within 48 hours of ketamine initiation. Two patients were intubated. Hospitalization duration ranged from one to 34 days. Three patients reported side effects. Three patient readmissions with early ketamine treatment had equal or shorter hospitalizations. Conclusions: Enteral ketamine may prove an effective, well-tolerated option for treatment of convulsive and nonconvulsive SE in children with epilepsy, including genetic epilepsies, and may prevent intubation and shorten hospitalization time. ER  - 
Virtual reality for postsurgical pain management: An explorative randomized controlled study$$$ Background: Virtual reality (VR) is a promising tool in a multimodal analgesic approach; however, evidence regarding virtual reality for postsurgical pain is limited. This study investigates the initial effectiveness and feasibility of self-administered virtual reality in postsurgical pain management. Methods: Patients reporting a postsurgical pain score ≥4 were randomized for control or VR, stratified for 3 interventions with varying levels of immersion and interaction. Subjects were instructed to use virtual reality as add-on treatment at least 3 times a day for 10 minutes on days 2 till 4 postoperatively. Primary outcome was the mean daily pain intensity. Results of pain scores were related to patient and intervention characteristics, to explore which characteristics interact with virtual reality effects. Secondary outcomes were analgesic use, anxiety, stress, and feasibility. Results: One hundred patients were included in the analyses: 37 in the control group and 63 for VR. VR did not demonstrate a significant effect on self-reported pain scores (P = .43), nor were specific patient or intervention characteristics associated with greater VR effects. Analgesic usage did not differ between groups. However, there was a trend toward greater cumulative percentages of patients achieving a 30% pain reduction, and significantly lower daily experienced stress (P = .01) and anxiety (P = .03) levels in VR intervention groups. VR was used less than prescribed, mainly because of illness and pain. Adverse events included disorientation, nausea, and fatigue. Conclusions: This explorative study did not demonstrate initial effectiveness of VR as add-on pain treatment regarding pain and analgesic use; however, VR positively affected stress and anxiety. VR is safe and suitable for a wide target audience, and feasibility differed between interventions. Personalizing and improving VR technology may enhance its effectiveness. ER  - 
Functional seizures and binge eating disorder: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: Functional seizures (FS) are brief, involuntary changes in behaviour or consciousness, distinct from epileptic seizures, potentially associated with psychological dissociation. Binge eating disorder (BED) was linked to psychological and somatic dissociation also. However, any connection between FS and BED is insufficiently explored. We aimed to assess BED prevalence in individuals with FS, anxiety/depression (AD), and healthy subjects (HS), to investigate dissociation's link to binge eating, and to explore psychological characteristics of FS individuals. Method: Participants underwent evaluations based on ILAE guidelines and DSM-5 criteria, including questionnaires assessing binge eating, dissociation, anxiety, depression and personality traits. Inclusion criteria were age > 18 years, no history of substance abuse, no history of epilepsy, and no use of medications inducing eating disorders. Results: We found significantly more frequent and severe binge-eating symptoms in individuals with FS and AD compared to HS. Depression and dissociation correlated with binge-eating symptoms in both AD and FS groups. The PID-5 facet ’Perseveration’ predicted binge-eating attitudes only in FS individuals; they reported more childhood emotional neglect and increased disinhibition compared do AD people. Discussion: This study underscores the commonality of binge-eating symptoms in FS individuals, emphasizing its association with dissociation symptoms. This finding support the hypothesis of a link between dissociation and eating disorders. Unique clinical characteristics in individuals with FS were identified, as a compulsive dimension related to binge-eating symptoms, providing a comprehensive understanding of their psychological profile and guiding targeted therapeutic interventions. ER  - 
Quality of life in children with epilepsy: The role of parental mental health and sleep disruption$$$ Background: Parents of children with epilepsy (CWE) are at increased risk of mental health difficulties including anxiety and depression, as well as sleep difficulties. From both the child's and parent's perspectives, health-related quality of life has been shown to be strongly related to parental mental health. However, there is no literature on parental sleep as a predictor of child health-related quality of life. The role of parental variables has been assessed in relation to epilepsy-specific variables (e.g., seizure severity, anti-seizure medications) and how these relate to health-related quality of life, but prior studies have failed to consider the role of co-occurring conditions which are prevalent in CWE. The current study aims to assess how common anxiety symptoms, depression symptoms and sleep problems are in parents of CWE; and to determine the impact these parental variables as well as child co-occurring conditions have on health-related quality of life in CWE. Methods: 33 CWE aged 4–14 years old were recruited from two hospitals and parents were asked to complete a series of questionnaires assessing both child and parental variables. Results: It was found that 33.3 % and 12.0 % of parents of CWE experienced clinically significant anxiety and depression symptoms respectively. In addition 67.9 % of parents presented with significant sleep problems. In initial analysis, parental anxiety symptoms, depression symptoms and sleep problems were all significantly predictive of child health-related quality of life. However when co-occurring child sleep problems and neurodevelopmental characteristics were included, parental variables were no longer significantly predictive of child health-related quality of life. Conclusion: These results suggest that child co-occurrences mediate the relationship between parental variables and child health-related quality of life. The current data highlight the need for a systemic approach to epilepsy management and suggest that support for co-occurrences could benefit health-related quality of life for children and their parents. ER  - 
Tracheal Intubation and Mechanical Ventilation in Adults with Severe Salicylate Poisoning$$$ Background: Salicylate poisoning may lead to critical acid–base disturbances. Tracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation for patients with severe salicylism has been strongly discouraged. Study Objective: This study aims to describe pH trends, complications, and outcomes in a cohort of salicylate-poisoned patients who were intubated. Methods: This retrospective observational study included adults presenting to the emergency department (ED) with severe salicylate poisoning (serum salicylate concentration >40 mg/dL and admission to an intensive care unit) over a 14-year period (2007–2021). The primary and secondary outcomes were the change in serum pH and the occurrence of severe complications (systolic blood pressure <80 mm Hg, oxygen saturation <80%, or cardiac arrest), respectively, in the 6 h after presentation. Results: Among 32 adults with severe salicylate poisoning (median serum salicylate level 64.2, interquartile range 52.5–70.7), 11 (34%) underwent tracheal intubation. The initial mean pH (±SD) in the no intubation group was 7.48 ± 0.07 and was 7.36 ± 0.04 in the intubation group. The mean absolute difference in pH measured before and after intubation was -0.02 (95% confidence interval −0.11 to 0.07). No severe complications were observed during or up to 6 h after tracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation. Conclusion: In our single-center experience managing adults with severe salicylate poisoning, tracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation were not associated with substantial perturbation of serum pH or severe complications. These findings challenge the current paradigm that these interventions should be avoided in salicylate-poisoned patients. ER  - 
Different psychopathological courses between chronic interictal psychosis and schizophrenia$$$ Objective: The clinical course of interictal psychosis (IIP) has not yet been investigated. We aimed to compared the psychopathology and time-relevant indices between chronic IIP (CIIP) and schizophrenia (SC) Methods: In this comprehensive psychopathological study, patients with chronic psychosis with and without epilepsy (127 with CIIP and 187 with SC) were compared. Psychopathology was measured using the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS): total, negative symptoms (NSs), positive symptoms (PSs), and anxiety-depressive symptoms (ADSs). Time-relevant indices included age at the time of evaluation, age at the onset of psychosis, and duration of psychosis. The psychopathology of psychosis types and time-relevant indices were analyzed using Pearson's correlation coefficient analysis of covariance. Results: Age at the time of evaluation was significantly correlated with NS, and ADS scores. Age-relevant trajectories significantly interacted with psychosis types. As age advanced, patients with SC exhibited increased scores, whereas patients with CIIP often exhibited decreased (or unchanged) scores. Age at onset of psychosis was significantly correlated with NS and ADS outcomes in patients with CIIP, whereas it was not correlated in patients with SC. There were significant interactions between age at onset and psychosis types. Patients with early-onset CIIP exhibited higher NS and lower ADS scores, whereas patients with SC exhibited no particular trajectory. The duration of psychosis significantly interacted with the psychosis types in the BPRS total, NSs and PSs. As duration increased, patients with CIIP exhibited no significant relationship, whereas patients with SC exhibited significantly higher psychotic scores. Conclusion: Psychopathological courses differ between patients with CIIP and SC. Although patients with SC often exhibit deteriorations in psychotic symptoms, patients with CIIP exhibit no distinct deterioration. These findings can contribute psychiatric nosology, treatment strategies, and prediction outcomes. ER  - 
Use of Electroconvulsive Therapy in Children and Adolescents With Catatonia—A Case Series$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly efficacious in catatonia yet remains underutilized in pediatric patients. Practice guidelines recommend bilateral placement in cases with urgent need for response such as catatonia. Because of significantly lower cognitive burden and efficacy (compared to bilateral), right unilateral placement (RUL) is preferred for major depression. Increasing literature shows RUL is effective for catatonia in adults, but its use in catatonic youth is largely unknown. Objectives: The aims of the study are to describe naturalistic outcomes of ECT in pediatric patients with catatonia and to discuss ECT parameter considerations. Methods: This is a retrospective chart review of patients under 18-years of age at Saint Louis Children's Hospital with diagnosis of catatonia who received ECT from 2019 to November 2023. All cases received ECT per clinical protocol. Catatonic symptoms were monitored using the Busch Francis Catatonia Scale. Institutional review board approved the study. Results: Twelve inpatients with debilitating catatonia and a failed benzodiazepine trial underwent ECT. Ten of these 12 patients initiated RUL placement, one received bifrontal, and another bilateral. All patients achieved resolution of catatonia: 6 patients with RUL alone and 4 who started with RUL later switched to bilateral due to nonresponse. The patient receiving bifrontal switched to bilateral due to nonresponse. Patients with malignant catatonia preferentially responded to bilateral placement. Patients experienced expected side effects from ECT. Conclusions: RUL ECT was effective for catatonia in pediatric patients and can be considered as initial placement. A switch to bilateral can be considered in nonresponse, similar to current approach for major depression. For malignant catatonia, bilateral placement remains preferential. ER  - 
Clinical Outcomes Associated with a Remote Postpartum Hypertension Monitoring Program$$$ OBJECTIVE:To evaluate differences in health care utilization and guideline adherence for postpartum individuals with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) who are engaged in a remote monitoring program, compared with usual care.METHODS:This was a retrospective cohort study of postpartum individuals with HDP who delivered between March 2019 and June 2023 at a single institution. The primary exposure was enrollment in a remote hypertension management program that relies on patient home blood pressure (BP) measurement and centralized nursing team management. Patients enrolled in the program were compared with those receiving usual care. Outcomes included postpartum readmission, office visit within 6 weeks postpartum, BP measurement within 10 days, and initiation of antihypertensive medication. We performed multivariable logistic and conditional regression in a propensity score matched cohort. Propensity scores, generated by modeling likelihood of program participation, were assessed for even distribution by group, ensuring standardized bias of less than 10% after matching.RESULTS:Overall, 12,038 eligible individuals (6,556 participants, 5,482 in the control group) were included. Program participants were more likely to be White, commercially insured, be diagnosed with preeclampsia, and have higher prenatal and inpatient postpartum BPs. Differences in baseline factors were well-balanced after implementation of propensity score. Program enrollment was associated with lower 6-week postpartum readmission rates, demonstrating 1 fewer readmission for every 100 individuals in the program (propensity score-matched adjusted risk difference [aRD]-1.5, 95% CI,-2.6 to-0.46; adjusted risk ratio [aRR] 0.78, 95% CI, 0.65-0.93). For every 100 individuals enrolled in the program, 85 more had a BP recorded within 10 days (propensity score-matched aRD 85.4, 95% CI, 84.3-86.6), and six more had a 6-week postpartum office visit (propensity score-matched aRD 5.7, 95% CI, 3.9-7.6). Program enrollment was also associated with increased initiation of an antihypertensive medication postpartum (propensity score-matched aRR 4.44, 95% CI, 3.88-5.07).CONCLUSION:Participation in a postpartum remote BP monitoring program was associated with fewer postpartum hospital readmissions, higher attendance at postpartum visits, improved guideline adherence, and higher rates of antihypertensive use. ER  - 
Is there an optimal time for tracheostomy after anterior cervical spine surgery in patients with cervical fracture?$$$ BACKGROUND CONTEXT: Patients with cervical spinal cord injuries (SCIs) often receive anterior cervical spine fixation (ACSF) and tracheostomy to prevent further damage, lower pulmonary complication risks, and enhance mobilization. The proximity of the tracheostomy and ACSF site raises concerns for complications, begetting the question of optimal tracheostomy timing. PURPOSE: Investigate the optimal tracheostomy timing following ACSF. STUDY DESIGN/SETTING: Retrospective cohort study. PATIENT SAMPLE: A total of 732 Adult patients with sub-axial cervical spine fractures who underwent ACSF and subsequent tracheostomy from 2010 to 2022 were included. Patients with an active or recent history of infection, malignancy of the cervical spine, or any concurrent posterior approach were excluded. Patients were divided into three groups following ACSF: early- (0-5 days), intermediate- (6-10 days), and late- tracheostomy (11-20 days). Baseline comorbidities were assessed with the Charlson Comorbidity Index and include obesity (BMI 30-40 and BMI 40+), chronic kidney disease, diabetes mellitus, smoking, depression, and osteoporosis. The studied patient population was evaluated on the presence of SCI and the level of cervical fracture (C3-C5, C6-T1). OUTCOME MEASURES: Ninety-day complications include arrhythmia, myocardial infarction, cardiac arrest, atelectasis, pleural effusion, pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis (DVT), cardiovascular accident, delirium, seizure, dysphagia, ileus, perforated ulcer, electrolyte abnormality, renal failure, pneumonia, sepsis, urinary tract infection, wound dehiscence, seroma, hematoma, deep wound infection, and superficial wound infection. 90-day emergency department visits, readmission, anterior reoperation, and mortality were also documented. METHODS: Pearson χ2 test was used to assess for differences in demographics, preexisting comorbidities, and surgical parameters. Multivariable logistic regression was used to determine the independent effects of tracheostomy timing (intermediate vs early & late vs early) on the postoperative outcomes after adjusting for demographic factors, baseline comorbidities, and fracture level. All statistical analyses were conducted using the research query interface provided by PearlDiver Bellwether. The common statistical metrics, including frequencies, mean values, confidence interval (CI), and odds ratios (ORs), were collected by the Bellwether system using the R statistical package. Statistical significance was set at p < 0.05. RESULTS: Significant differences in BMI were observed among the three groups, with the highest BMI in the late group (7.9%), compared to early (5.0%) and intermediate (2.8%). For sub-axial fracture location, C3-C5 and C6-T1 both showed significant in-group differences (p= 0.036 & p=0.015 respectively). Fractures at the C3-C5 level were more prevalent in the early group, whereas the C6-T1 level was associated more with the late group, which may correlate with the distance between the incision sites of tracheostomy and ACSF. Short-term complications, arrhythmia (p<0.001), cardiac arrest (p=0.024), DVT (p=0.018), and ileus (p=0.014) were all more likely to be associated with the late group than the early group. In contrast, dysphagia (p=0.027) was more common in the early group than in the late group. Hospital readmission was also more common in the early group compared to the intermediate (p=0.032) and to the late (p=0.024) group. Other measured complications did not show significant differences. CONCLUSIONS: Early tracheostomy after ACSF is associated with decreased risk of short-term postoperative arrhythmia, cardiac arrest, DVT, and ileus, but with increased risk of dysphagia and hospital readmission. No statistically significant different surgical site infection risk was found among the three groups. The study positions itself as a pivotal step in elucidating future research direction on optimal tracheostomy timing. FDA Device/Drug Status: This abstract does not discuss or include any applicable devices or drugs. ER  - 
High-Dose Propranolol for Severe and Chronic Aggression in Autism Spectrum Disorder A Pilot, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized Crossover Study$$$ Background: Despite the use of behavioral interventions and psychotropic medications, many individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) who engage in severe aggression remain refractory to conventional treatment. Propranolol, a beta-blocker, has accumulated much anecdotal evidence as a promising option. However, well-designed studies are rare, and the apprehension about cardiovascular side effects from large doses continues to exist. Purpose: The aims of this study were (1) to demonstrate the feasibility of treating aggression with high-dose propranolol using telehealth study visits and (2) to document cardiac safety. Methods: This study utilized a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover design. Dosing was titrated up in a flexible but stepwise fashion until therapeutic response was obtained or up to 200 mg tid. Following washout, those who were assigned propranolol were crossed over to placebo and vice versa. Six participants between the ages 12–19 participated. The primary outcome measures were the final Clinical Global Impression Improvement Scale (CGI-I) and the Aberrant Behavior Checklist—Community Irritability (ABC-C/I) scores at 200 mg tid. Results: The CGI-I indicated a 50% reduction in symptoms in the propranolol phase, while the ABC-I indicated a 37% reduction in comparison to placebo. The effect sizes (r) for the CGI-I and the ABC-C/I were large, −0.74 and −0.64, respectively. The average blood pressure was 122/68 during the placebo phase and 109/72 during the propranolol phase. All Holter monitor exams were unremarkable. Conclusion: These results suggest that propranolol is an effective option in decreasing aggression in individuals with ASD. As this was a small study, a larger clinical trial is needed. ER  - 
Use of ECT for Children With and Without Catatonia A Single-Site Retrospective Analysis$$$ Objectives: The objective study was to investigate the safety and efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in a retrospective cohort of pediatric patients. Methods: A single-site retrospective analysis was conducted of patients aged younger than 18 years who received ECT in a private university hospital from January 28, 2012 to April 8, 2023. Treatment efficacy and adverse events were determined retrospectively through review of the medical record. Results: A total of 36 pediatric patients met the inclusion criteria. Catatonia was the most common presenting indication for ECT, followed by psychosis and suicidal ideation. For all patients, Clinical Global Impressions–Improvement scale scores indicated that it was very likely for a subject to experience at least “much improvement” with the estimated probability of receiving a Clinical Global Impressions–Improvement scale score better than 3 of 0.852 (t.s. = 16.3; P < 0.001; 95% confidence interval, 0.711–0.931). All patients with catatonia demonstrated a positive clinical response and experienced a statistically significant reduction in total Bush-Francis Catatonia Rating Scale scores observed (t = 11.9; df = 20; SD = 6.3; P < 0.001; 95% confidence interval, 12.6–17.9). No significant adverse events were reported for any patient in the cohort. However, 14 (38.9%) patients experienced prolonged seizures, all of which were terminated with propofol (mean, 49.7 mg). Conclusions: This study provides further data supporting the safe and effective use of pediatric ECT in the treatment of various psychiatric conditions. However, more research is needed to determine the risk factors associated with prolonged seizures and the optimal seizure parameters in young people. ER  - 
A comprehensive assessment of care competence and maternal experience of first antenatal care visits in Mexico: Insights from the baseline survey of an observational cohort study$$$ Background Comprehensive antenatal care (ANC) must prioritize competent, evidence-based medical attention to ensure a positive experience and value for its users. Unfortunately, there is scarce evidence of implementing this holistic approach to ANC in low- and middle-income countries, leading to gaps in quality and accountability. This study assessed care competence, women's experiences during the first ANC visit, and the factors associated with these care attributes. Methods and findings The study analyzed cross-sectional baseline data from the maternal eCohort study conducted in Mexico from August to December 2023. The study adapted the Quality Evidence for Health System Transformation (QuEST) network questionnaires to the Mexican context and validated them through expert group and cognitive interviews with women. Pregnant women aged 18 to 49 who had their first ANC visit with a family physician were enrolled in 48 primary clinics of the Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social across 8 states. Care competence and women's experiences with care were the primary outcomes. The statistical analysis comprised descriptive statistics, multivariable linear and Poisson regressions. A total of 1,390 pregnant women were included in the study. During their first ANC visit, women received only 67.7% of necessary clinical actions on average, and 52% rated their ANC experience as fair or poor. Women with previous pregnancies (adjusted regression coefficient [aCoef.] -3.55; (95% confidence intervals [95% CIs]): -4.88, -2.22, p < 0.001), at risk of depression (aCoef. -3.02; 95% CIs: -5.61, -0.43, p = 0.023), those with warning signs (aCoef. -2.84; 95% CIs: -4.65, -1.03, p = 0.003), common pregnancy discomforts (aCoef. -1.91; 95% CIs: -3.81, -0.02, p = 0.048), or those who had a visit duration of less than 20 minutes (<15 minutes: aCoef. -7.58; 95% CIs: -10.21, -4.95, p < 0.001 and 15 to 19 minutes: aCoef. -2.73; 95% CIs: -4.79, -0.67, p = 0.010) and received ANC in the West and Southeast regions (aCoef. -5.15; 95% CIs: -7.64, -2.66, p < 0.001 and aCoef. -5.33; 95% CIs: -7.85, -2.82, p < 0.001, respectively) had a higher probability of experiencing poorer care competence. Higher care competence (adjusted prevalence ratio [aPR] 1.004; 95% CIs:1.002, 1.005, p < 0.001) and receiving care in a small clinic (aPR 1.19; 95% CIs: 1.06, 1.34, p = 0.003) compared to a medium-sized clinic were associated with a better first ANC visit experience, while common pregnancy discomforts (aPR 0.94; 95% CIs: 0.89, 0.98, p = 0.005) and shorter visit length (aPR 0.94; 95% CIs: 0.88, 0.99, p = 0.039) were associated with lower women's experience. The primary limitation of the study is that participants' responses may be influenced by social desirability bias, leading them to provide socially acceptable responses. Conclusions We found important gaps in adherence to ANC standards and that care competence during the first ANC visit is an important predictor of positive user experience. To inform quality improvement efforts, IMSS should institutionalize the routine monitoring of ANC competencies and ANC user experience. This will help identify poorly performing facilities and providers and address gaps in the provision of evidence-based and women-centered care. ER  - 
Assessing Stigma Toward Mental, Neurological, and Substance Use Disorders in Liberia: A Population Representative Study$$$ Mental health stigma remains a major global problem associated with low self-esteem, social withdrawal, and poor health-seeking behavior in individuals. However, limited published evidence details these challenges in Liberia. Knowledge of public perceptions toward mental illness and key trends in the associations between knowledge of mental, neurological, and substance use disorders (MNSs) and stigma is crucial to designing evidence-based mental health policies and supporting service delivery. This population-representative survey explored and quantified stigma related to MNSs in four health regions in Liberia, using a multistage stratified random sampling of 1,148 residents. Four internationally validated scales were used to assess knowledge, attitudes, and perceptions toward schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, epilepsy, and substance use disorder including the 1) Mental Health Attribution Questionnaire; 2) Five Question Stigma Indicator Questionnaire to assess Community Stigma; 3) Reported Intended Behavioral Scale; and 4) Personal Acceptance Level of Conditions. Data from interviews with 1,140 participants (96% response rate) were analyzed using central tendencies, hypothesis testing with simple logistic regression, and bivariate analysis for association between dependent and independent variables. Low mental health knowledge was found to be a strong predictor of discriminatory behaviors and stigma. Results revealed that exposure to movies or television significantly predicted increased discriminatory tendencies and that a lesser degree of acceptance was shown toward substance use disorder than any of the other conditions. These findings underscore the need for increased awareness and education about mental health to eliminate stigma and promote better care and inclusion for people living with MNSs. ER  - 
Multimodal smoking cessation treatment combining repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, cognitive behavioral therapy, and nicotine replacement in veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder: A feasibility randomized controlled trial protocol$$$ Tobacco-related deaths remain the leading cause of preventable death in the United States. Veterans suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD)—about 11% of those receiving care from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)—have triple the risk of developing tobacco use disorder (TUD). The most efficacious strategies being used at the VA for smoking cessation only result in a 23% abstinence rate, and veterans with PTSD only achieve a 4.5% abstinence rate. Therefore, there is a critical need to develop more effective treatments for smoking cessation. Recent studies suggest the insula is integrally involved in the neurocircuitry of TUD. Thus, we propose a feasibility phase II randomized controlled trial (RCT) to study a form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) called intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS). iTBS has the advantage of allowing for a patterned form of stimulation delivery that we will administer at 90% of the subject’s resting motor threshold (rMT) applied over a region in the right post-central gyrus most functionally connected to the right posterior insula. We hypothesize that by increasing functional connectivity between the right post-central gyrus and the right posterior insula, withdrawal symptoms and short-term smoking cessation outcomes will improve. Fifty eligible veterans with comorbid TUD and PTSD will be randomly assigned to active-iTBS + cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) + nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) (n = 25) or sham-iTBS + CBT + NRT (n = 25). The primary outcome, feasibility, will be determined by achieving a recruitment of 50 participants and retention rate of 80%. The success of iTBS will be evaluated through self-reported nicotine use, cravings, withdrawal symptoms, and abstinence following quit date (confirmed by bioverification) along with evaluation for target engagement through neuroimaging changes, specifically connectivity differences between the insula and other regions of interest. ER  - 
Marizomib for patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma: A randomized phase 3 trial$$$ Background. Standard treatment for patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma includes surgery, radiotherapy (RT), and temozolomide (TMZ) chemotherapy (TMZ/RT→TMZ).The proteasome has long been considered a promising therapeutic target because of its role as a central biological hub in tumor cells. Marizomib is a novel pan-proteasome inhibitor that crosses the blood–brain barrier. Methods. European Organisation for Research andTreatment of Cancer 1709/Canadian CancerTrials Group CE.8 was a multicenter, randomized, controlled, open-label phase 3 superiority trial. Key eligibility criteria included newly diagnosed glioblastoma, age > 18 years and Karnofsky performance status > 70. Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio.The primary objective was to compare overall survival (OS) in patients receiving marizomib in addition toTMZ/RT→TMZ with patients receiving the only standard treatment in the whole population and in the subgroup of patients with MGMT promoter-unmethylated tumors. Results. The trial was opened at 82 institutions in Europe, Canada, and the U.S. A total of 749 patients (99.9% of the planned 750) were randomized. OS was not different between the standard and the marizomib arm (median 17 vs. 16.5 months; HR = 1.04; P = .64). PFS was not statistically different either (median 6.0 vs. 6.3 months; HR = 0.97; P = .67). In patients with MGMT promoter-unmethylated tumors, OS was also not different between standard therapy and marizomib (median 14.5 vs. 15.1 months, HR = 1.13; P = .27). More CTCAE grade 3/4 treatment-emergent adverse events were observed in the marizomib arm than in the standard arm. Conclusions. Adding marizomib to standard temozolomide-based radiochemotherapy resulted in more toxicity, but did not improve OS or PFS in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma. ER  - 
A Randomised clinical trial to compare effectiveness of ketofol and ketofol-dexmedetomidine group in patients undergoing modified electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction: Over time, the use of ketamine and propofol in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) anaesthesia has increased. This study assessed the impact of dexmedetomidine prior to ketofol, a ketamine and propofol combination, circulation dynamics, the duration of seizures, the emergence agitation post-ECT, and the recovery period.Methods: We randomly assigned 60 ASA (American Society of Anesthesiologists) class I or II patients scheduled for ECT to two groups: the ketofol (KF) and the ketofol-dexmedetomidine (KFD), each with thirty patients. The groups received 0.5 mcg/kg dexmedetomidine and 10 ml of 0.9% saline infusion intravenously for at least 10 minutes and 10 minutes prior to the procedure, respectively, before administering ketofol. We studied the duration of the seizures, the circulatory dynamics before, during, and after ECT, and the effects on agitation, depression, mania, and psychosis. We also identified early and post-Modified E.C.T. complications.Results: In both groups, demographic profiles regarding age and gender showed no significant results. Most of the patients in group KFD reached their target MAP (mean arterial pressure) and HR (heart rate) faster and with less hemodynamic fluctuation than those in group KF. This was due to lower induction doses of ketofol (KFD > KF) and shorter induction times (KFD > KF). The mean Hamilton Depression Rating score was significantly lower in the KFD group compared to the KF group.Conclusion:Dexmedetomidine given before electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) helps stop immediate hyperdynamic reactions and lowers agitation after the procedure without changing the length of the seizure. ER  - 
Exploring Risk Factors for Adverse Reactions in Children with an Acute Psychotic Episode Using the Global Trigger Tool: Does Age Matter?$$$ Aim: To establish significant risk factors for the development of adverse drug effects (ADEs) in children and adolescents with an acute psychotic episode taking antipsychotics. Materials and Methods: The research team randomly selected 15 patient records each month for 3 years (2016-2018). Overall, 450 patient records were included (223 boys and 227 girls, mean age was 14.52 ± 2.21 years). Adverse effects were identified using the standard algorithm of the Global Trigger Tool method. A “trigger” is an indication that an adverse reaction is likely to occur, e.g., an antihistamine prescription on a prescribing list. When a trigger was detected, the case history was studied in further detail to confirm the occurrence of ADEs. We divided patients into two groups: the “children” group (under 12 years old) and the “adolescents” group (13 years and older). Data were analyzed using the statistical package IBM SPSS Statistics 23.0. Results: Of the 450 patient records, 402 (89.3%) had at least one trigger detected. In total, 126 case histories contained evidence of ADE (28%). The total number of ADEs per 1000 patient days was 5.39 and the number of ADEs per 100 admissions was 32.0. Among adolescents, two or more triggers per patient were significantly more frequently identified (61.3% vs. 44.6%; p = 0.001). ADEs were rare in “Children” compared with “Adolescents” (13.8% vs. 30.4%; p = 0.006). The logistic regression analysis confirmed high predictive role of “Adolescence” (odds ratio [OR] = 2.58; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.22-5.4; p = 0.013), “Polypharmacy” (OR = 1.96; 95% CI 1.23-3.1; p = 0.004), and “First-life hospitalization” (OR = 2.17; 95% CI 1.34-3.48; p = 0.001) for ADE fact in patient records. Conclusion: We found that significant risk factors for ADEs to antipsychotics in patients with acute psychotic episode were adolescence (13 years and older), polypharmacy, and first-life hospitalization. The fact that children (i.e., younger than 13 years of age) are less likely to experience ADEs was not associated with high-risk drugs or higher doses in our study. ER  - 
Prevalence and proportion by age and sex of chronic health conditions in a large healthcare system$$$ Background Disease prevalence and distribution by patient characteristics data are needed to guide “representative” patient enrollment in clinical trials and assess relevance of results to patient populations. Our objective was to describe disease prevalence, and age/sex distribution of patients with common chronic conditions from a large population sample. Methods A cross-sectional study of all members of Clalit Health Services, alive on January 1, 2020. Included were 26 chronic diseases, and 21 types of malignancies regarded as active by being diagnosed between January 1, 2018- to January 1, 2020, or by prescription of oncologic treatment medications January 1, 2018 and January 1, 2020. Results Data from 4,627,183 individuals, 2,274,349 males and 2,352,834 females from newborn to 110 years. Obesity (19%), hypertension (13%), diabetes mellitus (9%), esophagitis-gastritis (5.5%), thyroid disease (5.3%), asthma (5.1%), ischemic heart disease (4.5%), depression (4.5%), osteoporosis (3.8%), and atopic dermatitis (3.6%) were the ten most prevalent conditions. Proportions of age groups varied between conditions (67% of hypertensives were ≥65 years old, 24% ≥80 years; 73% with ischemic heart disease were ≥65 years, 29% ≥80 years; 59% of diabetics were ≥65 years, 17% ≥80 years; 42% of atrial fibrillation patients were ≥80 years; 40% of heart failure patients were ≥80 years). Proportions of males and females for most conditions paralleled prevalence except proportions of women increased after age 80 for cardiovascular diseases, and for diabetes after age 75. The five most frequent active cancers were breast, prostate, colon/rectal, lymphoma and melanoma. The prevalence of cancers increased with age beginning in the middle-aged groups and peaking at very old ages. Women had lower prevalence of lung cancers and accounted for lower percentages of patients with lung cancers (45 vs 55%) but similar percentages for women and men were seen in the patients with colon and rectal cancer (50.4 vs. 49.6% in women) and lymphoma (50.7 vs. 49.3% in women). Conclusions Prevalence of medical conditions and distributions differ by age and sex. This information serves as an example and resource for data needed to describe a “representative” clinical population. ER  - 
Initiating Aripiprazole Lauroxil: Post Hoc Analysis of Safety and Tolerability of 1-Day and 21-Day Regimens$$$ Objective: Aripiprazole lauroxil (AL), a long-acting injectable antipsychotic, has 2 initiation options: 1-day (AL NanoCrystal Dispersion [ALNCD] injection plus 30 mg oral aripiprazole on day 1 only) and 21-day (15 mg oral aripiprazole for 21 days). This post hoc analysis assessed the safety and tolerability of both initiation approaches Methods: We analyzed data from the first 4 weeks of 2 AL studies, one using the 1-day initiation regimen (conducted between November 2017 and March 2019) and the other using the 21-day initiation regimen (conducted between December 2011 and March 2014). Outcomes of interest during the matched 4-week period included the likelihood of adverse events (AEs), including those associated with discontinuation, rated as serious, or of special interest (injection site reactions [ISRs] and akathisia). Results: The 1-day (n = 99) and 21-day (n = 415) initiation regimens had comparable rates of AEs (57.6% and 52.0%, respectively; most were mild), serious AEs (2.0% and 1.4%), and AEs leading to discontinuation (4.0% and 3.1%). The incidence of ISRs was 11.1% after the ALNCD injection (day 1) in the 1-day initiation regimen. ISR rates for the AL starting doses were 9.2% for the 1-day regimen (AL 1064 mg on day 8) and 3.9% for the 21-day regimen (AL 441 mg/882 mg on day 1). Rates of akathisia were 9.1% and 11.1% for the 1-day and 21-day regimens, respectively. One patient discontinued because of an ISR in the 21-day study, and 2 patients in the 21-day study discontinued because of akathisia. Mean changes from baseline in week 4 Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale total scores were −17.4 (1-day) and −19.5 (21-day). Conclusions: Four-week safety and tolerability were similar following the initiation of AL with either the 1-day or 21-day regimen, supporting the utility of both initiation regimens. Engaging patients in discussions regarding options for initiating AL may help facilitate shared decision-making and personalization of treatment for patients with schizophrenia. ER  - 
The role of vagal nerve stimulation on psychosocial associated disorders in refractory epilepsy patients$$$ Objective: To determine the effects of vagal nerve stimulation on cognition and epilepsy-associated psychosocial problems in patients with intractable epilepsy, and to assess their relation to seizure decline. Method: The longitudinal study was conducted at Saad Al-Witry Neurosciences Hospital, Baghdad, Iraq, from December 2015 to December 2020, and comprised refractory epilepsy cases with implanted vagal nerve stimulation devices. They were subjected to pre- and post-implantation epilepsy protocol assessment with added neuropsychological evaluation using the Mini-Mental State Examination system. Each case was followed up for 2 years post-implantation. Descriptive data regarding patient records of age, seizure nature, mental functioning level, and vagal nerve stimulation insertion was noted. Data was analysed using SPSS 21. Results: Of the 150 patients, 75(50%) each were males and females, with 70(46.7%) aged <10 years at the time of surgery. Overall, 80(53.3%) patients had partial seizures with secondary generalisation, 70(46.7%) had refractory seizure attacks for <5 years, 78(52%) had attack frequency of 2-5 per day. All 150(100%) patients had had vagal nerve stimulation for >2 years. Post-intervention, 80(53.3%) patients had <2 attacks per day. Mini-Mental State Examination score was >25 in 35(23.3%) patients which post-intervention rose to 64(42.7%). Conclusion: There was evidence of improvement with respect to patient characteristics predictive of vagal nerve stimulation-related cognition and neuropsychological responsiveness in refractory epilepsy. ER  - 
Variations in the genomic profiles and clinical behavior of meningioma by racial and ethnic group$$$ OBJECTIVE The influence of socioeconomic factors on racial disparities among patients with sporadic meningiomas is well established, yet other potential causative factors warrant further exploration. The authors of this study aimed to determine whether there is significant variation in the genomic profile of meningiomas among patients of different races and ethnicities and its correlation with clinical outcomes. METHODS The demographic, genomic, and clinical data of patients aged 18 years and older who had undergone surgery for sporadic meningioma between September 2008 and November 2021 were analyzed. Statistical analyses were performed to detect differences across all racial/ethnic groups, as were direct comparisons between Black and non- Black groups plus Hispanic and non-Hispanic groups. RESULTS This study included 460 patients with intracranial meningioma. Hispanic patients were significantly younger at surgery (53.9 vs 60.2 years, p = 0.0006) and more likely to show symptoms. Black patients had a higher incidence of anterior skull base tumors (OR 3.2, 95% CI 1.7-6.3, p = 0.0008) and somatic hedgehog mutations (OR 5.3, 95% CI 1.6-16.6, p = 0.003). Hispanics were less likely to exhibit the aggressive genomic characteristic of chromosome 1p deletion (OR 0.28, 95% CI 0.07-1.2, p = 0.06) and displayed higher rates of TRAF7 somatic driver mutations (OR 2.96 95% CI 1.1-7.8, p = 0.036). Black patients had higher rates of recurrence (OR 2.6, 95% CI 1.3-5.2, p = 0.009) and shorter progression-free survival (PFS; HR 2.9, 95% CI 1.6-5.4, p = 0.002) despite extents of resection (EORs) similar to those of non-Black patients (p = 0.745). No significant differences in overall survival were observed among groups. CONCLUSIONS Despite similar EORs, Black patients had worse clinical outcomes following meningioma resection, characterized by a higher prevalence of somatic hedgehog mutations, increased recurrence rates, and shorter PFS. Meanwhile, Hispanic patients had less aggressive meningiomas, a predisposition for TRAF7 mutations, and no difference in PFS. These findings could inform the care and treatment strategies for meningiomas, and they establish the foundation for future studies focusing on the genomic origins of these observed differences. ER  - 
Late-Life Bipolar Disorder Subtypes According to Age Onset A Retrospective Study$$$ This article characterizes the clinical differences between bipolar disorder (BD) subtypes in 44 early-onset (EOBD), 32 late-onset (LOBD), and 30 very-late-onset (VLOBD) disorders. We considered vascular mania in five LOBD and 17 VLOBD, with an association with rightsided lesions for VLOBD. Other nonvascular-related brain injuries preceded the emergence of mania: traumatic brain injury (one LOBD, two VLOBD), epilepsy/brain tumor (one LOBD), multiple sclerosis (one LOBD), and HIV-encephalopathy/cerebral toxoplasmosis (two VLOBD). No secondary mania was identified in 21.4% of the VLOBD and 64% of the LOBDd, corresponding to presumptive idiopathic/primary BD. A transdiagnostic conversion within the affective disorder spectrum occurred in 50% of the VLOBD, 30.8% of the LOBD, and 20.5% of the EOBD across the lifespan. An interplay between genetics and age-specific processes may underlie the neurobiological underpinnings of late-lifeonset idiopathic/primary BD. ER  - 
PREDICTORS OF MEDICATION DISCREPANCIES IN HUNTINGTON'S DISEASE: PATIENT SELF-REPORT COMPARED TO PHARMACY RECORDS$$$ Background Proper medication reconciliation (= comparing the accuracy of patient-reported medication use with pharmacy records) could prevent potentially dangerous situations such as drug-drug interactions and hospitalization. This is particularly important when patients rely on multiple medications and may suffer from cognitive impairment, such as in neurodegenerative disorders like Huntington's Disease (HD). Currently, it is unknown how often medication discrepancies occur in HD patients and which factors contribute to the discrepancies. Aims Identify prognostic factors of medication discrepancies in HD, using patient-reported medication use and local pharmacy records. Methods With 134 pre- and manifest HD patients, we performed a multivariable logistic regression analysis with medication discrepancy as dependent variable (pharmacy records as reference value) and sex, CAP score, disease status (pre- or manifest HD), number of concomitant medications taken, presence of an informal caregiver, Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale-Total Functioning Capacity, unified cognitive Z-score and Problem Behaviors Assessment-short characteristic scores for depression, anxiety, and apathy as independent variables. Results Medication discrepancies were reported frequently, both in premanifest (42.2%) and manifest HD subjects (37.1%). Impaired cognition significantly predicted medication discrepancies (beta = -0.663, SE 0.27, p = 0.014). All other variables were non-significant. Conclusions Regardless of HD disease status and stage, patient self-reported medication use is not a reliable source, especially in those with impaired cognitive function. The presence of an informal caregiver and the absence of polypharmacy, depression, anxiety and apathy do not influence self-reported medication accuracy. Objective verification of medication use with HD patients' local pharmacy is recommended.. ER  - 
Tacrolimus-related neurotoxicity in liver transplant - Is it safe to revert back to tacrolimus from cyclosporine$$$ Introduction: Tacrolimus has formed the backbone of immunosuppressive therapy post liver transplantation since its introduction. The neurotoxicity of tacrolimus is one of the most common reasons for the need for discontinuation of this drug; and the incidence in liver transplant ranges from 10 to 30%, which is significantly higher than in kidney, lung or heart transplants. Switching to cyclosporine is an effective method to manage moderate to severe neurotoxicity. However, immunosuppression with cyclosporine is considered sub-optimal, with up to 10% higher rates of graft loss. Hence, the reintroduction of tacrolimus after the improvement of neurological symptoms, in a safe manner, is desirable. Method: We did a retrospective study of all patients who underwent a liver transplant at our centre from 2019 to 2023, and were switched to cyclosporine secondary to tacrolimus-related toxicity. Results: 61 patients were identified to have received cyclosporine from a total of 1353 liver transplant recipients, comprising predominantly of living donor liver transplants (only 2 deceased donor transplants). The reason for switching to cyclosporine was reviewed and 68.8% (n=42) were found to be secondary to neurotoxicity. Among the other causes, common were cardiotoxicity (n=7) and nephrotoxicity (n=4). In the case of neurotoxicity, a switch to cyclosporine had been made only in case of moderate to severe symptoms, as per institution protocol. Thus, mild manifestations such as headache and tremors had been managed conservatively without a change of medication. Excluding the patients with incomplete data, a detailed analysis was done for 35 patients with tacrolimus-related neurotoxicity necessitating the switch to cyclosporine. The average duration of follow-up in this subset was 21 months. The switch to cyclosporine was done at a median of 20 days postoperatively (range, 0 to 385 days). The most common presentation of severe neurotoxicity was posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) with or without seizures (n=13), followed by psychosis and behavioural changes (n=11). Visual disturbances (n=2), peripheral neuropathy (n=2), debilitating tremors (n=2) and encephalopathy (n=3) were the other reasons for switching to cyclosporine. On follow-up, 54.3% (n=19) of the patients could be switched back to tacrolimus. The median duration of cyclosporine for these patients was 108 days (range, 8 to 672 days). All patients tolerated the reintroduction of tacrolimus well, with only one patient showing continued mild behavioural changes, which were managed with medications. Conclusion: Tacrolimus-related neurotoxicity is a major dose and drug-limiting adverse effect. However, most of the mild manifestations can be well managed with dose modifications. In case of severe symptoms, tacrolimus can be switched to cyclosporine till neurological improvement; following which it is feasible, safe and preferable to reintroduce tacrolimus for optimal long-term immunosuppression. ER  - 
Prevalence of autoimmune diseases in functional neurological disorder: Influence of psychiatric comorbidities and biological sex$$$ Background Functional neurological disorder (FND) is a common and disabling neuropsychiatric condition, which disproportionally affects women compared with men. While the etiopathogenesis of this disorder remains elusive, immune dysregulation is emerging as one potential mechanism. To begin to understand the role of immune dysfunctions in FND, we assessed the prevalence of several common autoimmune diseases (ADs) in a large cohort of patients with FND and examined the influence of psychiatric comorbidities and biological sex. Methods Using a large biorepository database (Mass General Brigham Biobank), we obtained demographic and clinical data of a cohort of 643 patients diagnosed with FND between January 2015 and December 2021. The proportion of ADs was calculated overall, by sex and by the presence of psychiatric comorbidities. Results The overall prevalence of ADs in our sample was 41.9%, with connective tissue and autoimmune endocrine diseases being the most commonly observed ADs. Among patients with FND and ADs, 27.7% had ≥2 ADs and 8% met criteria for multiple autoimmune syndrome. Rates of ADs were significantly higher in subjects with comorbid major depressive disorder and post-Traumatic stress disorder (p= 0.02). Women represented the largest proportion of patients with concurrent ADs, both in the overall sample and in the subgroups of interest (p's < 0.05). Conclusions This study is unique in providing evidence of an association between FND and ADs. Future studies are needed to investigate the mechanisms underlying this association and to understand whether FND is characterised by distinct dysregulations in immune response. ER  - 
Psychiatric features in NMDAR and LGI1 antibody–associated autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Patients with autoimmune encephalitis (AE) often developed psychiatric features during the disease course. Many studies focused on the psychiatric characteristic in anti-NMDAR encephalitis (NMDAR-E), but anti-LGI1 encephalitis (LGI1-E) had received less attention regarding the analysis of psychiatric features, and no study compared psychiatric characteristic between these two groups. The clinical data of AE patients (62 NMDAR-E and 20 LGI1-E) who developed psychiatric symptoms were analyzed in this study. In NMDAR-E, the most common higher-level feature was “behavior changes” (60/62, 96.8%) and the lower-level feature “incoherent speech” was observed in 33 patients (33/62, 53.2%), followed by “agitation” (29/62, 46.8%) and “incongruent laughter/crying” (20/62, 32.3%). Similar to NMDAR-E, “behavior changes” was most common in LGI1-E (17/20, 85.0%), but the features of suicidality, eating, and obsessive–compulsive were not reported. The top three lower-level features were visual hallucinations (9/20, 45.0%), incoherent speech (8/20, 40.0%), and mood instability (7/20, 35.0%). The comparative study found that “incongruent laughter/crying”, in lower-level features, was more frequently observed in NMDAR-E (32.3% vs. 0%, p = 0.002). Moreover, the Bush Francis Catatonia Rating Scale (BFCRS) assessing the catatonic symptoms in NMDAR-E were higher than LGI1-E, but the 18 item-Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS-18) showed no difference in the two groups. In summary, both NMDAR-E and LGI1-E often developed psychiatric symptoms. In contrast with LGI1-E, the psychiatric feature “incongruent laughter/crying” was more frequently associated with NMDAR-E, and catatonic symptoms were more severe in NMDAR-E. ER  - 
Efficacy of Continuous Infusion Ketamine for Analgosedation in the Medical Intensive Care Unit: A Propensity-Weighted Analysis$$$ Background: Few randomized controlled trials have evaluated the use of ketamine vs opiate-based analgosedation. Methods: A retrospective cohort analysis of 169 mechanically ventilated patients admitted to the medical intensive care unit (MICU) at an academic medical center was conducted to evaluate efficacy of ketamine vs opiate-based analgosedation by comparing the percentage of time within target sedation range. The primary outcome was percentage of time within target sedation range (RASS -1 to +1) within first 72 hours of primary sedation initiation. Secondary outcomes including percentage of time under-sedated, over-sedated, and in coma; use of concomitant analgesic, sedative, and antipsychotic agents; presence of delirium; percentage of CPOT scores at goal; and hemodynamic effects were also evaluated. Results: After weighting, the mean percentage of time at RASS goal for ketamine patients was 43.0% compared to 41.4% for opiate-based sedation patients. Ketamine was not significantly non-inferior to opiate-based sedation for the mean percentage of time at RASS goal (P =.11). The median percentage of CPOT scores at goal was 13.3% higher in the ketamine group (P =.042). Patients in the ketamine group received significantly less additional sedative agents than the patients in the opiate-based sedation group. Conclusion: A similar percent of time at RASS goal was found for the ketamine analgosedation group compared to the opiate-based sedation group, although this did not reach statistical signicance for non-inferiority due to lack of statistical power. This study found a higher percentage of CPOT scores within goal with less additional sedative agents required compared to an opiate-based sedation regimen. ER  - 
Ultrasound evaluation of brain parenchyma in preterm infants with prenatal opioid exposure$$$ Objective: To evaluate whether preterm infants with prenatal opioid exposure had differences in brain size on head ultrasounds (HUS) in comparison to non-exposed infants. Study design: Preterm infants ≤34 weeks with prenatal opioid exposure (n = 47) and matched non-exposed infants (n = 62) with early HUSs were examined. Fifteen brain measurements were made and linear regression models performed to evaluate differences. Results: Brain measurements were smaller in the right ventricular index [β = −0.18 mm (95% CI −0.32, −0.03]), left ventricular index [β = −0.04 mm (95% CI −0.08, −0.003)], left basal ganglia insula [β = −0.10 mm (95% CI −0.15, −0.04)], right basal ganglia insula [β = −0.08 mm (95% CI −0.14, −0.03)], corpus callosum fastigium length [β = −0.16 mm (95% CI −0.25, −0.06)], intracranial height index [β = −0.31 mm (95% CI −0.44, −0.18)], and transcerebellar measurements [β = −0.13 (95% CI −0.25, −0.02)] in the opioid-exposed group. Conclusions: Preterm infants with prenatal opioid exposure have smaller brain sizes compared to non-exposed infants, potentially increasing their risk for neurodevelopmental abnormalities. ER  - 
Blood and CSF anti-neuronal antibodies testing in psychotic syndromes: a retrospective analysis from a tertiary psychiatric hospital$$$ A Consensus of Psychoimmunology Experts (Pollak et al., 2019) established a set of red flags and proposed diagnostic criteria for psychosis of autoimmune origin (AIP). Previous studies on AIP are limited by the scarcity of CSF analysis, preventing the valorization of blood anti-neuronal antibodies (Ab). The aims of this study are to determine the relative frequency and characterize AIP in a cohort of psychotic patients that underwent CSF workup. This work is a retrospective study in a tertiary psychiatric hospital. Clinical and paraclinical data were collected from medical records, and patients were classified according to Pollak et al. (2019) criteria. From 68 patients, ten (14.7%) had positive anti-neuronal antibodies (Ab): n = 5 in CSF and blood (n = 4 anti-NMDAr, n = 1 -GAD65), and n = 5 in blood only (n = 1 anti-GABAb, n = 1 -GAD65, n = 1 -SOX1, n = 1 -NMDAr, n = 1 -zic4). After 5- (2–10)-year follow-up, n = 6/68 (8.8%) had AIP diagnosis in context of autoimmune encephalitis (AE), and the remaining (n = 4/10, blood-only Ab) alternative diagnoses (n = 2 dementia, n = 1 schizophrenia, n = 1 intellectual disability). Ten of the 13 patients that fulfilled criteria for possible AIP were mimics, and only three AE had criteria for probable AIP. All AIP developed neurological manifestations (mostly cognitive dysfunction); EEG was usually abnormal (66.7%), and all had normal MRI. We found statistically significant associations between AIP/AE and systemic autoimmune disease, presentation with seizures and EEG abnormalities. All AE developed neurological symptoms alongside psychosis. Ab positivity occurred predominantly in AE but also in other neuropsychiatric disorders. Clinical suspicion based on the knowledge of the described presentations of established Ab is crucial in the psychotic patient approach. ER  - 
Association of semaglutide with reduced incidence and relapse of cannabis use disorder in real-world populations: a retrospective cohort study$$$ Cannabis is the most frequently used illicit drug in the United States with more than 45 million users of whom one-third suffer from a cannabis use disorder (CUD). Despite its high prevalence, there are currently no FDA-approved medications for CUD. Patients treated with semaglutide, a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1RA) approved for treating type 2 diabetes (T2D) and for weight management have reported reduced desire to drink and smoke. Preclinical studies have shown that semaglutide decreased nicotine and alcohol consumption. Preclinical and preliminary clinical evidence of semaglutide’s potential beneficial effects on various substance use disorders led us to evaluate if it pertained to CUD. In this retrospective cohort study of electronic health records (EHRs) from the TriNetX Analytics Network, a global federated health research network of approximately 105.3 million patients from 61 large healthcare organizations in the US, we aimed to assess the associations of semaglutide with both incident and recurrent CUD diagnosis compared to non-GLP-1RA anti-obesity or anti-diabetes medications. Hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of incident and recurrent CUD were calculated for 12-month follow-up by comparing propensity-score matched patient cohorts. The study population included 85,223 patients with obesity who were prescribed semaglutide or non-GLP-1RA anti-obesity medications, with the findings replicated in 596,045 patients with T2D. In patients with obesity (mean age 51.3 years, 65.6% women), semaglutide compared with non-GLP-1RA anti-obesity medications was associated with lower risk for incident CUD in patients with no prior history CUD (HR: 0.56, 95% CI: 0.42–0.75), and recurrent CUD diagnosis in patients with a prior history CUD (HR: 0.62, 95% CI: 0.46–0.84). Consistent reductions were seen for patients stratified by gender, age group, race and in patients with and without T2D. Similar findings were replicated in the study population with T2D when comparing semaglutide with non-GLP-1RA anti-diabetes medications for incident CUD (HR: 0.40, 95% CI: 0.29–0.56) and recurrent CUD (HR: 0.66, 95% CI: 0.42–1.03). While these findings provide preliminary evidence of the potential benefit of semaglutide in CUD in real-world populations, further preclinical studies are warranted to understand the underlying mechanism and randomized clinical trials are needed to support its use clinically for CUD. ER  - 
Dalfampridine in the treatment of primary fatigue in patients with multiple sclerosis: a randomized clinical trail$$$ Introduction: Fatigue is a highly prevalent debilitating symptom among patients with multiple sclerosis (PwMS), which markedly affects the quality of life. The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of extended-release fampridine on fatigue in PwMS. Methods: This was a randomized, double-blind clinical trial on 77 PwMS with a complaint of fatigue, aged over 18 years old, randomized to extended-release fampridine (n = 44) or placebo (n = 35) for 12 weeks. Fatigue and motor function were assessed at baseline and end point. Results: A total of 88 patients were recruited, of whom 77 were analyzed. 80.5% were female, with a median age of 38. 87% were diagnosed with relapsing–remitting MS (RRMS) with a median disease duration of 96 months. Fingolimod (37.7%) was considered the most frequently used DMT, followed by ani-CD20s (32.5%). The total median MFIS score was 43.5 and 37 in the fampridine and placebo groups which were not significantly different (p > 0.05). After 12 weeks, the total MFIS improved in both groups compared to the baseline, which was significant in the active group (p = 0.04). However, the final end point total MFIS was still comparable between the two groups (p = 0.11). Conclusion: The present study revealed a positive short-term effect of extended-release fampridine on MFIS in PwMS. However, this effect was not significantly superior to the placebo. ER  - 
Low-grade epilepsy-associated tumors: Epilepsy outcome and antiseizure medication discontinuation after lesionectomies as first-line surgical approach in pediatric population$$$ Objective: This study aimed to evaluate epilepsy outcome and antiseizure medication (ASM) discontinuation after lesionectomies as first surgical approach in pediatric population diagnosed with low-grade epilepsy-associated neuroepithelial tumors (LEATs). Methods: We conducted a retrospective study. Thirty-six consecutive patients with histological diagnoses of LEATs who underwent surgery between 2018 and 2021 at our institution were included. The clinical and surgical data were retrospectively analyzed. Results: Thirty (83.3%) of 36 patients are free of disabling seizures (Engel class I) and 19 (63,4%) of them are classified as Engel Ia. In 17 (47.2%) patients, ASM could be discontinued. The mean age at surgery was 8.6 years (±4.04) and the mean age at onset of epilepsy was 7.2 years (±3.8), whereas the mean duration of epilepsy in months at the time of surgery was 21.3 months (±23.7). The epileptogenic tumor was in the temporal lobe in 20 (55.5%) patients. Because of seizure persistence, a second or a third surgery was necessary for six patients (16.7%) and four of them had residual lesions (three in temporal and one in extratemporal site). No perioperative complications were recorded, including acute seizures, with a median hospitalization time of 7 days. Shorter epilepsy duration at time of surgery as long as a single ASM was significantly correlated with an Engel class I outcome (p-value =.01 and p-value =.016, respectively). Focal seizure semeiology was associated with an increased probability of antiseizure medication discontinuation (p-value =.042). Significance: Our findings confirm that shorter epilepsy disease duration, monotherapy before surgery, and seizure semeiology are determinant factors for a positive seizure outcome and medication discontinuation, also with less invasive surgical approaches such as lesionectomies. However, considering the intrinsic multifactorial epileptogenic nature of LEATs, a tailored surgical approach should be considered to optimize clinical and seizure outcome, especially for lesions located in the temporal lobe. ER  - 
Human cat borne rabies as the new epidemiology of the disease in the Andes mountains$$$ Background: Rabies virus (RABV) is the etiologic agent of rabies, a fatal brain disease in mammals. Rabies circulation has historically involved the dog has the main source of human rabies worldwide. Nevertheless, in Colombia, cats (Felis catus) have become a relevant species in the epidemiology of rabies. Aims: To characterize rabies cases in humans in Colombia in the last three decades in the context of the epidemiology of the aggressor animal. Materials and Methods: We conducted a retrospective longitudinal epidemiological study of human rabies caused by cats’ aggression, collecting primary and secondary information. Variables considered included the demography of the patient, symptoms, information about the aggressor animal as the source of infection and the viral variant identified. Results: We found that the distribution of rabies incidence over the years has been constant in Colombia. Nevertheless, between 2003 and 2012 a peak of cases occurred in rural Colombia where cats were the most frequent aggressor animal reported. Most cats involved in aggression were unvaccinated against rabies. Cat's clinical signs at the time of the report of the human cases included hypersalivation and changes in behaviour. Human patients were mostly children and female and the exposure primarily corresponded to bite and puncture lacerations in hands. The RABV lineage detected in most cases corresponded to variant 3, linked to the common vampire bat (Desmodus rotundus). The geographical presentation of cat borne RABV in humans occurred along the Andes mountains, epidemiologically known as the rabies red Andean corridor. Discussion: By finding cats as the primary source of rabies spillover transmission in Colombia, this report highlights the importance of revising national rabies control and prevention protocol in countries in the Andes region. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that rabies vaccination for outdoor cats needs to prioritize to reduce the number of rabies-related human deaths. ER  - 
Triheptanoin Did Not Show Benefit versus Placebo for the Treatment of Paroxysmal Movement Disorders in Glut1 Deficiency Syndrome: Results of a Randomized Phase 3 Study$$$ Background: Paroxysmal movement disorders are common in Glut1 deficiency syndrome (Glut1DS). Not all patients respond to or tolerate ketogenic diets. Objectives: The objective was to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of triheptanoin in reducing the frequency of disabling movement disorders in patients with Glut1DS not receiving a ketogenic diet. Methods: UX007G-CL301 was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 crossover study. After a 6-week run-in, eligible patients were randomized 1:1 to the first sequence (triheptanoin/placebo or placebo/triheptanoin) titration plus maintenance, followed by washout and the opposite sequence titration plus maintenance. The placebo (safflower oil) matched the appearance, taste, and smell of triheptanoin. Open-label triheptanoin was administered in the extension. The frequency of disabling paroxysmal movement disorder events per 4 weeks (recorded by diary during maintenance; primary endpoint) was assessed by Wilcoxon rank-sum test. Results: Forty-three patients (children, n = 16; adults, n = 27) were randomized and treated. There was no difference between triheptanoin and placebo in the mean (interquartile range) number of disabling paroxysmal movement disorder events (14.3 [4.7–38.3] vs. 11.8; [3.2–28.7]; Hodges-Lehmann estimated median difference: 1.46; 95% confidence interval, −1.12 to 4.36; P = 0.2684). Treatment-emergent adverse events were mild/moderate in severity and included diarrhea, vomiting, upper abdominal pain, headache, and nausea. Two patients discontinued the study because of non-serious adverse events that were predominantly gastrointestinal. The study was closed early during the open-label extension because of lack of effectiveness. Seven patients continued to receive triheptanoin compassionately. Conclusion: There were no significant differences between the triheptanoin and placebo groups in the frequency of disabling movement disorder events during the double-blind maintenance period. © 2024 The Authors. Movement Disorders published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society. ER  - 
Real-world use of the updated refractory epilepsy screening tool for Lennox–Gastaut syndrome$$$ Objective: To evaluate the Refractory Epilepsy Screening Tool for Lennox–Gastaut Syndrome (REST-LGS) for real-world identification of LGS in adults and to develop a scoring system for the tool. Methods: A retrospective chart review of adults with drug resistant epilepsy (DRE) and intellectual development disorder (IDD) was conducted by 2 primary care providers blinded to diagnosis. The REST-LGS was designed via the Modified Delphi Consensus and was previously validated. This tool consists of 8 criteria (4 major, 4 minor) considered indicative of LGS. To account for missing data in the earlier validation study and to evaluate applicability in a real-world setting, the REST-LGS was refined to include a scoring system in which major criteria were more heavily weighted than minor criteria, producing categories of “likely” (>11 points), “possible” (8–11 points), and “unlikely” (<8 points) LGS. Statistical analyses were descriptive. Results: Of the 100 patients included in the analysis, data for slow spike–waves in electroencephalography and seizure onset age – both major REST-LGS criteria – were missing for 46% and 42% of patients, respectively. The majority of patients met 4 of the 8 REST-LGS criteria (cognitive impairment since childhood, 71%; persistent seizures despite a trial of ≥2 antiseizure medications, 65%; seizure onset before the age of 12 years, 57%; ≥2 seizure types, 56%). All 4 major criteria were met in 22 patients (22%). The percentages of patients considered “likely,” “possible,” or “unlikely” to have LGS were 26%, 30%, and 44%, respectively. Of the 74 patients without a previous LGS diagnosis, 42 (57%) were identified as “possible” or “likely” to have LGS using REST-LGS. Significance: In this analysis, the validated REST-LGS was evaluated in a real-world setting. The majority of previously undiagnosed patients were identified via REST-LGS as “possible” or “likely” to have LGS. Extensive missing data highlights challenges of LGS diagnosis in adults. Plain Language Summary: There is a need to identify adult patients with Lennox–Gastaut syndrome (LGS) so they can receive appropriate treatment. The Refractory Epilepsy Screening Tool for LGS (REST-LGS) questionnaire was designed by experts to identify whether patients with seizures that are not controlled by medications may have LGS. In this study, 2 physicians completed the REST-LGS using charts for 100 patients who experience seizures not controlled by medications. Of the patients who were previously diagnosed as not having LGS, the majority were “likely” or “possible” to have LGS based on the REST-LGS; therefore, the REST-LGS can identify patients for further evaluation. ER  - 
Prevalence and associated factors of psychiatric comorbidities in epilepsy in the Casablanca–Settat region of Morocco: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: To determine the estimated prevalence of anxiety, depression, and anxiety–depression syndrome (ADS) and to identify the associated factors in Moroccan people with epilepsy (PWE). Method: A cross-sectional study was conducted among adult PWE (June 2021–December 2022) in the Casablanca–Settat region. PWE were interviewed by completing a questionnaire collecting sociodemographic and clinical data. Anxiety and depression were assessed by the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). Out of 21 points, a score ≥8 is in favor of considerable anxiety/depression symptoms and a sum of the two scores ≥15 indicates the presence of ADS. Data were analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) 21.0. p-values ≤0.05 were considered statistically significant and logistic regression was performed to determine the associated factors. Results: Among 294 PWE, the median age was 39 years (interquartile range [IQR]: 25.75–54.00). The median anxiety, depression, and ADS scores were 8 (IQR: 5.00–10.00), 7 (IQR: 4.00–10.00), and 15 (IQR: 10.00–20.00), respectively. Anxiety, depression, and ADS were revealed in 51.4%, 44.9%, and 51.0% of PWE, respectively. Depression was the only predictor for anxiety (aOR = 24.20; 95%CI: 12.45–47.01). Antiseizure polytherapy (aOR = 3.35; 95%CI: 1.72–6.54) and anxiety (aOR = 24.04; 95%CI: 12.12–47.67) were the factors associated with depression. The risk of ADS was increased by female gender (aOR = 2.83; 95%CI: 1.68–4.78), antiseizure polytherapy (aOR = 2.75; 95%CI: 1.62–4.65), structural epilepsy (aOR = 1.73; 95%CI: 1.01–2.94), and the presence of concomitant conditions with epilepsy (aOR = 1.96; 95%CI: 1.16–3.31). Significance: Our study reports high psychiatric comorbidity prevalence in epilepsy, which supports the bidirectional link hypothesis. Associated factors found are important in the prognosis and prevention. Plain Language Summary: The neural mechanisms underlying epilepsy tend to expose PWE to psychiatric disorders. Our study aims to quantify the rate of psychiatric comorbidities and their predictive factors in Moroccan PWE. The estimated prevalences of significant symptoms of anxiety, depression, and ADS were 51.4%, 44.9%, and 51.0%, respectively. Depression was the predictor of anxiety. Antiseizure polymedication and anxiety were the associated factors with depression. The risk of SAD was increased by female gender, antiseizure polymedication, structural epilepsy, and concomitant diseases with epilepsy. Our results are important for considering the psychiatric aspect of PWE and improving their care and quality of life. ER  - 
Therapeutic value of patent foramen ovale closure for drug-resistant epilepsy: A case series report$$$ Objective: Closure surgery of patent foramen ovale (PFO) has been found to effectively control cryptogenic stroke and migraine, but it is uncertain whether PFO closure could also alleviate epileptic seizures. This study aims to observe the therapeutic effect of PFO closure on epileptic seizures. Methods: Since July 11th, 2017, in the neurology department of West China Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, we have been regularly monitoring patients with epilepsy who have undergone PFO closure. The patient's clinical information, such as frequency, duration, and severity of seizures, before and after surgery was recorded in detail as well as postoperative safety events. Results: Of the 31 epilepsy patients who confirmed PFO observed (27 cases were drug-resistant epilepsy, 87.10%), average age of surgery was 23.74 years, and 12 cases were female (38.71%). After one-year follow-up, 26 patients (83.87%) achieved remission of seizure frequency, and 22 of whom (70.97%) experienced a remission of more than 50%. Additionally, compared to before surgery, 22 cases (70.97%) reported a decrease in the average seizure duration, and 20 cases (64.52%) reported a reduction in seizure severity. In the seizure indicators of frequency, average duration and severity, significant differences were identified between preoperative and postoperative comparisons with all test p values were <0.05. Furthermore, no serious safety events were reported except for one patient who briefly reported chest pain, and all patients expressed effective PFO closure. Significance: The PFO closure has been shown for the first time to result in a significant reduction in the frequency, duration, and severity of seizures. Patients with drug-resistant epilepsy and PFO with a large shunt are ideal candidates for undergoing PFO closure. Plain Language Summary: Since PFO closure was found to have a good therapeutic effect on cryptogenic stroke and migraine, it has become a credible complementary therapy for the treatment of neurological diseases, and drug-resistant epilepsy with PFO is expected to become the next target disease that PFO closure could significantly improve. ER  - 
Estimating the likelihood of epilepsy from clinically noncontributory electroencephalograms using computational analysis: A retrospective, multisite case–control study$$$ Objective: This study was undertaken to validate a set of candidate biomarkers of seizure susceptibility in a retrospective, multisite case–control study, and to determine the robustness of these biomarkers derived from routinely collected electroencephalography (EEG) within a large cohort (both epilepsy and common alternative conditions such as nonepileptic attack disorder). Methods: The database consisted of 814 EEG recordings from 648 subjects, collected from eight National Health Service sites across the UK. Clinically noncontributory EEG recordings were identified by an experienced clinical scientist (N = 281; 152 alternative conditions, 129 epilepsy). Eight computational markers (spectral [n = 2], network-based [n = 4], and model-based [n = 2]) were calculated within each recording. Ensemble-based classifiers were developed using a two-tier cross-validation approach. We used standard regression methods to assess whether potential confounding variables (e.g., age, gender, treatment status, comorbidity) impacted model performance. Results: We found levels of balanced accuracy of 68% across the cohort with clinically noncontributory normal EEGs (sensitivity =61%, specificity =75%, positive predictive value =55%, negative predictive value =79%, diagnostic odds ratio =4.64, area under receiver operated characteristics curve =.72). Group level analysis found no evidence suggesting any of the potential confounding variables significantly impacted the overall performance. Significance: These results provide evidence that the set of biomarkers could provide additional value to clinical decision-making, providing the foundation for a decision support tool that could reduce diagnostic delay and misdiagnosis rates. Future work should therefore assess the change in diagnostic yield and time to diagnosis when utilizing these biomarkers in carefully designed prospective studies. ER  - 
Predicting post-surgical functional status in high-grade glioma with resting state fMRI and machine learning$$$ Purpose: High-grade glioma (HGG) is the most common and deadly malignant glioma of the central nervous system. The current standard of care includes surgical resection of the tumor, which can lead to functional and cognitive deficits. The aim of this study is to develop models capable of predicting functional outcomes in HGG patients before surgery, facilitating improved disease management and informed patient care. Methods: Adult HGG patients (N = 102) from the neurosurgery brain tumor service at Washington University Medical Center were retrospectively recruited. All patients completed structural neuroimaging and resting state functional MRI prior to surgery. Demographics, measures of resting state network connectivity (FC), tumor location, and tumor volume were used to train a random forest classifier to predict functional outcomes based on Karnofsky Performance Status (KPS < 70, KPS ≥ 70). Results: The models achieved a nested cross-validation accuracy of 94.1% and an AUC of 0.97 in classifying KPS. The strongest predictors identified by the model included FC between somatomotor, visual, auditory, and reward networks. Based on location, the relation of the tumor to dorsal attention, cingulo-opercular, and basal ganglia networks were strong predictors of KPS. Age was also a strong predictor. However, tumor volume was only a moderate predictor. Conclusion: The current work demonstrates the ability of machine learning to classify postoperative functional outcomes in HGG patients prior to surgery accurately. Our results suggest that both FC and the tumor’s location in relation to specific networks can serve as reliable predictors of functional outcomes, leading to personalized therapeutic approaches tailored to individual patients. ER  - 
Risk of COVID-19 infection and seizure exacerbation among patients with epilepsy during the peak of Omicron wave$$$ Objectives: Existing data regarding the risk of COVID-19 infection and its effects on seizure control in patients with epilepsy (PWE) are inconclusive. Our research aims to investigate the PWE who are susceptible to COVID-19 and what factors contribute to seizure exacerbation. Methods: From Dec 28, 2022 to Feb 19, 2023, a cross-sectional questionnaire survey among adult PWE was conducted. The demographics, epilepsy-related information, COVID-19-related variables, and seizure outcomes after COVID-19 infection were collected. Multivariate logistic analyses were performed to determine the risk factors associated with COVID-19 infection and exacerbated seizures. Results: Of 1557 PWE, 829 (53.2%) were infected with COVID-19 and 136 (16.4%) developed seizure exacerbation after COVID-19 infection. Overweight/obesity (OR 1.372, 95% CI 1.075–1.753, p = 0.011), immunocompromised (OR 3.301, 95% CI 1.093–9.974, p = 0.031), active epilepsy (OR 1.700, 95% CI 1.378–2.097, p < 0.001), and antiseizure medication (ASM) polytherapy (OR 1.314, 95% CI 1.065–1.621, p = 0.011) were associated with COVID-19 infection. Active epilepsy (OR 4.696, 95% CI 2.568–8.586, p < 0.001) and fever-associated seizures (OR 4.298, 95%CI 2.659–6.946, p < 0.001) were associated with seizure exacerbation. Significance: PWE with overweight/obesity, immunocompromised, active epilepsy, and ASM polytherapy were at higher risk of COVID-19 infection. Once infected with COVID-19, seizures were exacerbated in PWE with active epilepsy and fever-associated seizures. Plain language summary: Patients with epilepsy (PWE) do not appear to be more susceptible to COVID-19 infection than general population. Once infected with COVID-19, 16.4% of PWE had seizure exacerbation. The PWE who have experienced seizures within the past 12 months before infection tend to contract COVID-19 more often, and are more likely to experience seizure exacerbations following COVID-19 infection. ER  - 
Effect of Infra Low Frequency (ILF) neurofeedback training on EEG in children with autism spectrum disorders$$$ Objective: To investigate whether Infra-low frequency Neurofeedback (ILF-NFB) training can improve brain electrical activity in children with autism spectrum disorders ASD. Method: This single arm pre and post intervention study was carried out at IBMS (Institute of Basic Medical Sciences), Khyber Medical University, Peshawar and Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Medical University (SZABMU), Islamabad from January 2021 to December 2022. A purposive sampling technique was used. Thirty-five ASD children (male=24; female=11; 7-17 years) were provided with 30 sessions of infra low frequency (ILF) neurofeedback training for 15-20 minutes, during 10 weeks. Childhood Autism Rating Scale (CARS) scoring was done and electroencephalogram (EEG) activity was compared before and after ILF-NF training sessions. Results: Around 62.9% participants had mild-moderate autism and 37.1% had severe autism. Wilcoxon Signed rank test revealed a significant decline in delta (Pre-test=47.31±19.22, Post-test=22.07±6.83; p=<0.001), theta (Pretest=24.75±16.62, Post-test=12.37±3.59; p=<0.001) and alpha (Pre-test=12.01±9.81, Post-test=4.03±1.61; p=< 0.001) waves. Mann Whitney U test exhibited no significant gender differences in EEG pattern before and after neurofeedback except in theta waves (p=0.03) before the intervention. Conclusion: Decline in delta, theta, beta and alpha waves propose that ILF-NF training can be effective in improving the EEG activity. ILF-NFB can be perceived as a valuable non-invasive, non-pharmacological intervention for improving EEG pattern via reintegration of brain activity resulting in increased the attention and focus, enhanced mental stability and cognitive engagement. ER  - 
A retrospective observational cohort study of the anesthetic management and outcomes of pediatric patients with Alexander disease undergoing lumbar puncture or magnetic resonance imaging$$$ Background: Alexander disease is a rare, progressive leukodystrophy, which predisposes patients to complications under general anesthesia due to clinical manifestations including developmental delay, seizures, dysphagia, vomiting, and sleep apnea. However, study of anesthetic outcomes is limited. Aims: Our aim was to describe patient characteristics, anesthetic techniques, and anesthesia-related complications for Alexander disease patients undergoing magnetic resonance imaging and/or lumbar puncture at a quaternary-care children's hospital. Methods: We performed a retrospective review of anesthetic outcomes in patients with Alexander disease enrolled in a prospective observational study. Included patients had diagnosed Alexander disease and underwent magnetic resonance imaging and/or lumbar puncture at our institution. We excluded anesthetics for other procedures or at outside institutions. Collected data included patient characteristics, anesthetic techniques, medications, and complications under anesthesia and in the subsequent 24 h. We performed descriptive statistics as appropriate. Results: Forty patients undergoing 64 procedures met inclusion criteria. Fifty-six procedures (87.5%) required general anesthesia or monitored anesthesia care (MAC) and eight (12.5%) did not. The general anesthesia/MAC group tended to be younger than nonanesthetized patients (median age 6 years [IQR 3.8; 9] vs. 14.5 years [IQR 12.8; 17.5]). In both groups, dysphagia (78.6% vs. 87.5%, respectively), seizures (62.5% vs. 25%), and recurrent vomiting (17.9% vs. 25%) were frequently reported preprocedure symptoms. Inhalational induction was common (N = 48; 85.7%), and two (3.6%) underwent rapid sequence induction. Serious complications were rare, with no aspiration or seizures. Hypotension resolving with ephedrine occurred in eight cases (14.3%). One patient each (1.8%) experienced postprocedure emergence agitation or vomiting. Fifty-three (94.6%) were ambulatory procedures. No inpatients required escalation in acuity of care. Conclusions: In this single-center study, patients with Alexander disease did not experience frequent or irreversible complications while undergoing general anesthesia/MAC. Co-morbid symptoms were not increased postanesthesia. Some patients may not require anesthesia to complete short procedures. ER  - 
Excess prevalence of preexisting chronic conditions in older adults with incident epilepsy$$$ Objective: Prior studies have examined chronic conditions in older adults with prevalent epilepsy, but rarely among those with incident epilepsy. Identifying the chronic conditions with which older adults present at epilepsy incidence assists with the evaluation of disease burden in this patient population and informs coordinated care development. The aim of this study was to identify preexisting chronic conditions with excess prevalence in older adults with incident epilepsy compared to those without. Methods: Using a random sample of 4 999 999 fee-for-service Medicare beneficiaries aged >65 years, we conducted a retrospective cohort study of epilepsy incidence in 2019. Non-Hispanic Black and Hispanic beneficiaries were oversampled. We identified preexisting chronic conditions from the 2016–2018 Medicare Beneficiary Summary Files and compared chronic condition prevalence between Medicare beneficiaries with and without incident epilepsy in 2019. We characterized variations in preexisting excess chronic condition prevalence by age, sex, and race/ethnicity, adjusting for the racial/ethnic oversampling. Results: We observed excess prevalence of most preexisting chronic conditions in beneficiaries with incident epilepsy (n = 20 545, weighted n = 19 631). For stroke, for example, the adjusted prevalence rate ratio (APRR) was 4.82 (99% CI:4.60, 5.04), meaning that, compared to those without epilepsy, beneficiaries with incident epilepsy in 2019 had 4.82 times the stroke prevalence. Similarly, beneficiaries with incident epilepsy had a higher prevalence rate for preexisting neurological conditions (APRR = 3.17, 99% CI = 3.08–3.27), substance use disorders (APRR = 3.00, 99% CI = 2.81–3.19), and psychiatric disorders (APRR = 1.98, 99% CI = 1.94–2.01). For most documented chronic conditions, excess prevalence among beneficiaries with incident epilepsy in 2019 was larger for younger age groups compared to older age groups, and for Hispanic beneficiaries compared to both non-Hispanic White and non-Hispanic Black beneficiaries. Significance: Compared to epilepsy-free Medicare beneficiaries, those with incident epilepsy in 2019 had a higher prevalence of most preexisting chronic conditions. Our findings highlight the importance of health promotion and prevention, multidisciplinary care, and elucidating shared pathophysiology to identify opportunities for prevention. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy in a tertiary Australian mental health facility between 2009 and 2020$$$ Background: Despite electroconvulsive therapy being one of the most effective treatments in psychiatry, few studies report trends in the provision of electroconvulsive therapy over time. This study aims to investigate the use of electroconvulsive therapy between 2009 and 2020 in an Australian public tertiary mental health facility, and to describe the electroconvulsive therapy patient population and change in courses of treatment. Methods: Routinely collected data for 677 patients who received 1669 electroconvulsive therapy courses of treatment at an Australian public tertiary mental health facility between 2009 and 2020 were examined. Results: The provision of acute electroconvulsive therapy was stable across the study period; however, the number of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy courses commenced declined over the study. Schizophrenia was the most common indication for index treatment (37.4%). The majority of patients (85.7%) received acute electroconvulsive therapy only. Voluntary provision of electroconvulsive therapy declined over the study period, reducing from 44.9% in 2009 to 16.3% in 2020. Conclusion: Over the study period, there was a significant reduction in the number of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy courses commenced, and a large increase in involuntary treatment. The provision of electroconvulsive therapy was more likely to occur in males with a diagnosis of schizophrenia. Further studies are needed to generate a greater understanding of the factors influencing the provision of electroconvulsive therapy within differing geographical, social and healthcare landscapes. ER  - 
Group A Streptococcal meningitis in children: a short case series and systematic review$$$ Background: Group A streptococcal(GAS) meningitis is a severe disease with a high case fatality rate. In the era of increasing GAS meningitis, our understanding about this disease is limited. Purpose: To gain a better understanding about GAS meningitis. Methods: Five new cases with GAS meningitis were reported. GAS meningitis related literatures were searched for systematic review in PUBMED and EMBASE. Case reports and case series on paediatric cases were included. Information on demographics, risk factors, symptoms, treatments, outcomes, and emm types of GAS was summarized. Results: Totally 263 cases were included. Among 100 individuals, 9.9% (8/81) had prior varicella, 11.1% (9/81) had anatomical factors, and 53.2% (42/79) had extracranial infections. Soft tissue infections were common among infants (10/29, 34.5%), while ear/sinus infections were more prevalent in children ≥ 3 years (21/42, 50.0%). The overall case fatality rate (CFR) was 16.2% (12/74). High risk of death was found in patients with shock or systemic complications, young children(< 3 years) and cases related to hematogenic spread. The predominate cause of death was shock(6/8). Among the 163 patients included in case series studies, ear/sinus infections ranged from 21.4 to 62.5%, while STSS/shock ranged from 12.5 to 35.7%, and the CFR ranged from 5.9 to 42.9%. Conclusions: A history of varicella, soft tissue infections, parameningeal infections and CSF leaks are important clinical clues to GAS in children with meningitis. Young children and hematogenic spread related cases need to be closely monitored for shock due to the high risk of death. ER  - 
Effectiveness and Safety of Adjunctive Cenobamate in People with Focal-Onset Epilepsy: Evidence from the First Interim Analysis of the BLESS Study$$$ Introduction: Despite new anti-seizure medications (ASMs) being introduced into clinical practice, about one-third of people with epilepsy do not reach seizure control. Cenobamate is a novel tetrazole-derived carbamate compound with a dual mechanism of action. In randomized controlled trials, adjunctive cenobamate reduced the frequency of focal seizures in people with uncontrolled epilepsy. Studies performed in real-world settings are useful to complement this evidence and better characterize the drug profile. Methods: The Italian BLESS (“Cenobamate in Adults With Focal-Onset Seizures”) study is an observational cohort study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness, tolerability, and safety of adjunctive cenobamate in adults with uncontrolled focal epilepsy in the context of real-world clinical practice. The study is ongoing and conducted at 50 centers in Italy. This first interim analysis includes participants enrolled until June 2023 and with 12-week outcome data available. Results: Forty participants with a median age of 36.5 (interquartile range [IQR] 26.0–47.5) years were included. The median monthly seizure frequency at baseline was 6.0 (IQR 2.5–17.3) seizures and 31 (77.5%) participants had failed four or more ASMs before cenobamate. At 12 weeks from starting cenobamate, the median reduction in monthly seizure frequency was 52.8% (IQR 27.1–80.3%); 22 (55.0%) participants had a ≥ 50% reduction in baseline seizure frequency and six (15.0%) reached seizure freedom. The median number of concomitant ASMs decreased from 3 (IQR 2–3) at baseline to 2 (IQR 2–3) at 12 weeks and the proportion of patients treated with > 2 concomitant ASMs decreased from 52.5% to 40.0%. Seven (17.5%) patients reported a total of 12 adverse events, 11 of which were considered adverse drug reactions to cenobamate. Conclusion: In adults with uncontrolled focal seizures, the treatment with adjunctive cenobamate was well tolerated and was associated with improved seizure control and a reduction of the burden of concomitant ASMs. Trial Registration Number: NCT05859854 (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier). ER  - 
Obstetric factors and neonatal outcomes of depressed skull fractures in newborns$$$ Purpose: To determine the obstetric factors affecting the development of depressed skull fracture in neonates. Materials and methods: This was a retrospectively cohort study on neonates born between July 2016 and August 2021. Neonates diagnosed with depressed skull fractures within one week of birth through X-ray and/or brain ultrasonography were included, and their mothers' obstetric characteristics were reviewed. Results: There were 12 cases in 6791 live births. Five women were over 35 years old. All except two were nulliparous. Five cases were delivered from labor induction and others presented with spontaneous labor. Except for two cases, delivery occurred within an hour after full cervical dilatation. Two cases were assisted by vacuum. None displayed fetal distress signs such as low Apgar scores below 7, meconium staining, and umbilical cord pH under 7.2. All depressed fractures were found in the right parietal area. Three cases resulted in focal hyperechoic lesion in brain ultrasonography and two of them showed small hemorrhage-like lesion in magnetic resonance imaging. All depressed skull fractures improved within 6 months in followed X-rays or ultrasonography. Conclusions: There was no definitely associated obstetric condition for depressed skull fracture of neonates although nulliparous women were majority of the affected cases. ER  - 
Correction to: Patterns and utility of myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein (MOG) antibody testing in cerebrospinal fluid (Journal of Neurology, (2024), 271, 5, (2662-2671), 10.1007/s00415-024-12213-7)$$$ In the original version of this article, author was misinformed about CSF MOG antibody testing at their institution in that CSF samples are not diluted, and titers are not directly calculated, but staining intensity is used in lieu of titer values (staining is a proxy for low, medium and high titers) as per assay instructions. This will not change the meaning, data and interpretation of the results in any way, but as soon as author became aware of this, author wanted to provide the few needed corrections. As well, a small error claiming all CSF MOG values were low when 4/5 were low has been corrected (correct in the table, not in the text). The paragraph in the section “MOG IgG Titers” which previously read As per the current MOGAD diagnostic criteria, a Mitogen lab/Euroimmun assay high-positive titer with an endpoint dilution of 1:1000 and medium positive titer with endpoint dilution of 1:100 was deemed acceptable for consideration of MOGAD diagnosis in lieu of live CBA testing [12]. should have read As per the current MOGAD diagnostic criteria, in serum or plasma, a Mitogen lab/Euroimmun assay high-positive titer with an endpoint dilution of 1:1000 and medium positive titer with endpoint dilution of 1:100 was deemed acceptable for consideration of MOGAD diagnosis in lieu of live CBA testing [12]. For CSF testing, samples are not diluted, and a 4-point semi-quantitative (subjective) scale of fluorescence intensity is employed, as a proxy for titers, to report results where “weak” = 1 + staining/a definitive perceptible staining pattern, “moderate/medium” is 2–3 + staining and “high’ is 4 + staining. The paragraph in the section “Variables of interest” which previously read Chart review was performed using available electronic medical record platforms and paper charts for patient demographics including gender and age at testing, assay fluid and timing, and assay result (reported by MitogenDx as negative, inconclusive, weak positive (at 1:10 endpoint dilution), medium positive (at 1:100 endpoint dilution), or high positive (at 1:1000 endpoint dilution). Additional information regarding clinical presentation/phenotype, acute and maintenance therapy, associated laboratories including CSF parameters, neuroimaging and ophthalmological results, and initial and final diagnosis were obtained as well. should have read Chart review was performed using available electronic medical record platforms and paper charts for patient demographics including gender and age at testing, assay fluid and timing, and assay result (reported by MitogenDx as negative, inconclusive, weak positive (at 1:10 endpoint dilution or weak intensity staining in CSF), medium positive (at 1:100 endpoint dilution or medium/moderate intensity staining in CSF), or high positive (at 1:1000 endpoint dilution or high intensity staining in CSF). Additional information regarding clinical presentation/phenotype, acute and maintenance therapy, associated laboratories including CSF parameters, neuroimaging and ophthalmological results, and initial and final diagnosis were obtained as well. The second sentence of the section “Serum positive/CSF positive patients” which previously read Notably, 5 patients with positive CSF fndings had a MOG antibody titer of endpoint dilution of 1:10 (“weakly positive”) and serum values with an endpoint dilution of ≥ 1:100. should have read Notably, 4/5 patients with positive CSF findings had “weakly positive”/staining MOG results and serum values with an endpoint dilution of ≥ 1:100. In Table 1, in the first column, fourth entry which previously read “Serum titer/CSF titer*” should have read “Serum titer/CSF Staining*” In Table 1, in the second column, fourth entry under the heading “Serum+/CSF+” which previously read “3HP, 2MP/1HP, 4WP” should have read “3HP, 2MP/1H, 4W” In Table 1, footnote which previously read *HP or high positive = 1:1000 endpoint dilution, MP or medium positive = 1:100 endpoint dilution, WP or weak positive = 1:10 endpoint dilution should have read *HP or high positive = 1:1000 endpoint dilution, MP or medium positive = 1:100 endpoint dilution, WP or weak positive = 1:10 endpoint dilution. In CSF H or High = 4 + intensity staining, M or moderate/medium = 2–3 + intensity staining, W or weak = 1 + intensity staining The corrected Table 1 is given below. (Table presented.) Initial and final diagnoses and CSF characteristics in serum/CSF MOG groups Serum+/CSF+ Serum + /CSF− Serum−/CSF− Number of patients N = 5 (3 within 30d) N = 23 (19 within 30d) N = 240 (218 within 30d) Age (y), mean (range)/median (IQR) 15.8 (4.1–51.3)/7.3(6.48–10.1) 20.5 (3.0–70.4)/14.8(10.3–22.0) 28.9 (0.75–86.9)/24.3 (13.7–43.4) Patients < 18 years of age (%) 4 (80%) 15 (65%) 108 (45%) Serum titer/CSF staining* 3HP, 2MP/1H, 4W 10HP, 4MP, 9WP/– – Gender 5 M 8F:15 M 133F:107 M Phenotypes at presentation ADEM 4 2 9 Encephalitis/meningitis 0 3 44 BON/RON/SON 0 4 17 ON 0 9 23 LETM 1 4 21 TM 0 1 50 Brainstem 0 0 31 Psychiatric 0 1 14 Seizure(s) 0 1 11 Cerebral 0 0 12 Other 0 1 24 Percentage with MOG MRI features** 100% 79% – Final diagnosis Recurrent MOGAD/persistent MOG+ 3 (60%) 6 (26%) 0 NMOSD 0 1 (4%) 10 (4%) ADEM 1 2 8 Autoimmune encephalitis 2 1 11 Encephalitis/meningitis/other 0 2 17 Optic neuritis 0 6 12 Optic neuropathy other 0 0 1 LETM 0 1 7 LETM assoc with cancer 0 0 5 TM 0 0 15 Non-inflammatory TM 0 1 3 RIS/CIS/MS 0 0 47 (20%) Migraine/other headache 0 0 8 Functional neurological disorder 0 0 4 CNS infection 0 0 2 Systemic infection 0 0 1 Primary psychiatric 0 1 15 Movement disorder 0 0 2 Peripheral nerve 0 0 6 Neurosarcoidosis 0 1 2 CNS vasculitis 0 0 4 Brain cancer/tumor 0 0 3 Vision other 0 0 11 Inflammatory brain disorder 0 0 5 Idiopathic intracranial hypertension 0 0 2 Seizure disorder 0 0 4 Systemic lupus Erythematosus 0 0 2 PRES 0 0 2 Normal 0 0 3 Other/unknown 0 1 4 ADEM acute disseminated encephalomyelitis, BON/RON/SON bilateral/recurrent/sequential optic neuritis, LETM longitudinally extensive transverse myelitis, TM transverse myelitis, NMOSD neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder, RIS/CIS/MS radiologically isolated/clinically isolated syndrome, MS multiple sclerosis, PRES posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome *HP or high positive = 1:1000 endpoint dilution, MP or medium positive = 1:100 endpoint dilution, WP or weak positive = 1:10 endpoint dilution. In CSF H or High = 4 + intensity staining, M or moderate/medium = 2–3 + intensity staining, W or weak = 1 + intensity staining **In patients with MOG phenotype (19 S+/C− and all S+/C+) with MRI features as per the MOGAD 2023 diagnostic criteria [12] In Table 3, fourth column heading which previously read “CSF MOG Titer*” should have read “CSF MOG Staining*” In Table 3, under the column “CSF MOG Titer* five entries which previously read Weak positive Weak positive Weak positive High positive Weak positive should have read Weak Weak Weak High Weak In Table 3, foot note which previously read ImmRx immunotherapy, ADEM acute disseminated encephalomyelopathy, AE autoimmune encephalitis, ON optic neuritis, LETM longitudinally extensive transverse myelitis, IVMPS intravenous methylprednisolone, IVIg intravenous immunoglobulin, PLEX plasmapheresis, RTX rituximab, MMF mycophenolate mofetil *Weak positive titer = 1:10 endpoint dilution, high positive titer = 1:1000 endpoint dilution **CSF sampled < 24 h of start of immunotherapy was considered “pre-CSF” treatment should have read ImmRx immunotherapy, ADEM acute disseminated encephalomyelopathy, AE autoimmune encephalitis, ON optic neuritis, LETM longitudinally extensive transverse myelitis, IVMPS intravenous methylprednisolone, IVIg intravenous immunoglobulin, PLEX plasmapheresis, RTX rituximab, MMF mycophenolate Mofetil *CSF sampled < 24 h of start of immunotherapy was considered “pre-CSF” treatment The corrected Table 3 is given below. (Table presented.) Serum positive patients and immunotherapy timing relative TO CSF testing Patient Presentation Pre-CSF ImmRx CSF MOG staining* Post-CSF ImmRx 1 ADEM/AE None given Weak IVMPS, IVIg, RTX 2 ADEM None given Weak IVIg, MMF 3 ADEM None given Weak IVMPS, IVIg 4 LETM None given High IVMPS, IVIg 5 ADEM None given Weak IVMPS, IVIg 6 Bilateral ON None given Negative IVMPS 7 Bilateral ON IVMPS 1d before Negative PLEX, RTX, MMF 8 ON None given Negative IVMPS 9 ADEM None given Negative IVMPS 10 ON None given Negative IVMPS 11 ON IVMPS 3d before Negative None given 12 ON IVMPS 5d before Negative None given 13 ON None given Negative IVMPS 14 ON None given Negative IVMPS 15 ON None given Negative IVMPS 16 Bilateral ON IVMPS 4d before Negative None given 17 Meningoencephalitis None given Negative IVMPS 18 LETM None given Negative IVMPS 19 ADEM None given Negative IVMPS 20 Recurrent ON IVMPS 1d before Negative None given 21 LETM None given Negative IVMPS, PLEX 22 ON None given Negative None given 23 Myelopathy None given Negative None given 24 Encephalitis None given Negative None given 25 Chorea None given Negative None given 26 ON None given Negative None given 27 Encephalitis None given Negative None given 28 Delirium None given Negative None given ImmRx immunotherapy, ADEM acute disseminated encephalomyelopathy, AE autoimmune encephalitis, ON optic neuritis, LETM longitudinally extensive transverse myelitis, IVMPS intravenous methylprednisolone, IVIg intravenous immunoglobulin, PLEX plasmapheresis, RTX rituximab, MMF mycophenolate Mofetil *CSF sampled < 24 h of start of immunotherapy was considered “pre-CSF” treatment In “Discussion” section, 13th sentence of the seventh paragraph which previously read As per the current MOGAD criteria, titers with endpoint dilutions of 1:10 are open to interpretation and would not be accepted as a reliable for the diagnosis of MOGAD. should have read As per the current MOGAD criteria, weakly positive titers are open to interpretation and would not be accepted as a reliable for the diagnosis of MOGAD. In “Discussion” section, 15th sentence of the seventh paragraph which previously read Interestingly, in our current study, all CSF MOG titers were at endpoint dilution 1:10. should have read Interestingly, in our current study, 4/5 CSF MOG staining results, as a proxy for titers, were “weak”. ER  - 
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and its Impact on Attention Networks in Tinnitus Patients$$$ Background: Tinnitus is a prevalent condition often leading to disruptions in attentional functions. The effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on cortical attention networks has yielded inconsistent findings. Objectives: This study aimed to examine the influence of tDCS on patients suffering from tinnitus on the efficacy of alerting, orienting, and conflict, as gauged by the Attention Network Test (ANT). Methods: 30 tinnitus patients with chronic bothersome tinnitus longer than 6 months with moderate and high severities were placed into two separate groups at random. The control group (n=15) underwent sham tDCS, while the treatment group (n=15) received active tDCS, with the anodal electrode placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and the cathodal electrode over t he right DLPFC. The ANT and the Electroencephalography (EEG) recording were used before and after interventions. The differences were analyzed using the MANCOVA test. Results: There was a significant difference (P<0.01) between the control and tDCS groups only in terms of the mean post-test scores of conflict. However, no significant difference was observed in the means of alerting and orienting. This suggests that tDCS primarily influenced the conflict index, leading to its enhancement. EEG recording indicated a variety of significant changes in various frequency bands in different channel locations. Theta and high beta showed no significant difference in any channel, and most changes happened in the form of an increase in high alpha after tDCS. Absolute Power in theta and high beta frequency ranges showed no significant difference in any channel, and most changes in Absolute Power happened as an increase in high alpha frequency after tDCS. Conclusion: tDCS potentially improves the attentional network in patients afflicted with tinnitus. More research is required to draw definitive conclusions, especially since only conflict demonstrated significance in the ANT test. ER  - 
Post-Traumatic Epilepsy: Observations from an Urban Level 1 Trauma Center$$$ There are approximately 2.5 million cases of traumatic brain injury (TBI) in the U.S. each year. Post-traumatic epilepsy (PTE), a sequela of TBI, has been shown to occur in approximately 15% of TBI patients. Pre-disposing risk factors for the development of PTE include severe TBI and penetrating head injury. PTE is associated with poor functional outcomes, increased negative social factors, and mental illness. We conducted a retrospective chart review with a 5-year timeframe at an urban Level 1 Trauma Center. Patients with ICD-10-CM codes associated with TBI were identified. Patients were coded as TBI with or without PTE by the presence of codes associated with PTE. Datapoints collected included risk factors for PTE and encounters with neurologists. A total of 1886 TBI patients were identified, with 178 (9.44%) classified as TBI with PTE. The most significant risk factor associated with PTE was severe brain injury, with an odds ratio (OR) of 2.955 (95% CI [2.062,4.236]; p < 0.0001). Only 19 of 178 patients (10.7%) visited a neurologist beyond 6 months after TBI. Our results suggest the presence of a significant population of patients with PTE and the need for better follow-up. ER  - 
Outcomes of COVID-19 and Influenza in Cerebral Palsy Patients Hospitalized in the United States: Comparative Study of a Nationwide Database$$$ Patients with cerebral palsy (CP) are particularly vulnerable to respiratory infections, yet comparative outcomes between COVID-19 and influenza in this population remain underexplored. Using the National Inpatient Sample from 2020–2021, we performed a retrospective analysis of hospital data for adults with CP diagnosed with either COVID-19 or influenza. The study aimed to compare the outcomes of these infections to provide insights into their impact on this vulnerable population. We assessed in-hospital mortality, complications, length of stay (LOS), hospitalization costs, and discharge dispositions. Multivariable logistic regression and propensity score matching were used to adjust for confounders, enhancing the analytical rigor of our study. The study cohort comprised 12,025 patients—10,560 with COVID-19 and 1465 with influenza. COVID-19 patients with CP had a higher in-hospital mortality rate (10.8% vs. 3.1%, p = 0.001), with an adjusted odds ratio of 3.2 (95% CI: 1.6–6.4). They also experienced an extended LOS by an average of 2.7 days. COVID-19 substantially increases the health burden for hospitalized CP patients compared to influenza, as evidenced by higher mortality rates, longer hospital stays, and increased costs. These findings highlight the urgent need for tailored strategies to effectively manage and reduce the impact of COVID-19 on this high-risk group. ER  - 
Relations between Neurocognitive Function and Visual Acuity: A Cross-Sessional Study in a Cohort of Premature Children$$$ Background: Premature children with retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) have been reported to an have increased risk of visual and neurocognitive impairments, yet little is known about whether vision could affect specific neurocognition. This study aimed to clarify the correlations between neurocognition and vision in premature children. Materials and Methods: This is a nonrandomized, cross-sectional, observational study in a pediatric cohort with five groups: (1) full-term (n = 25), (2) prematurity without ROP (n = 154), (3) prematurity with ROP but without treatment (n = 39), (4) prematurity with ROP and with bevacizumab (IVB) treatment (n = 62), and (5) prematurity with ROP and with laser/laser + IVB treatment (n = 20). Neurocognitive function was evaluated by the Wechsler Preschool and Primary Scale of Intelligence, Fourth Edition (WPPSI-IV) around the age of 4 years. Visual acuity (VA) and refractive errors were tested. Correlations between WPPSI parameters and visual outcomes were analyzed across five groups. Results: Among the 300 recruited children (mean age = 4.02 + 0.97 years, male = 56.3%), 297 were assessed by WPPSI-IV and 142 were assessed by vision tests. The Full-Scale Intelligence Quotient (FSIQ) index was worse in the premature groups. After adjusting for covariates, seven items, including FSIQ-Index (p = 0.047), fluid-reasoning index (p = 0.004), FR-percentile ranking (p = 0.008), object assembly (p = 0.034), picture concept (p = 0.034), zoo locations (p = 0.014) and bug search (p = 0.020), showed significant differences between groups. The better the best corrected VA (BCVA), the higher the scores on Verbal Comprehension Index (VCI), VCI-PR, and the subtest of information. Conclusions: Specific cognitive dysfunctions are related to the BCVA in this large cohort. Subtest performance profiles in WPPSI can be affected by prematurity, ROP treatment, and different ROP treatment. FSIQ is generally lower in premature children and even lower in children with ROP. ER  - 
Clinical and Surgical Outcomes of Shoulder Arthrodesis$$$ Introduction: Shoulder arthrodesis is typically seen as a salvage procedure with limited functional objectives. In appropriately selected patients, it may effectively alleviate pain, provide stable motion, and offer patient function satisfaction. However, there have been few reports on the outcomes following shoulder arthrodesis. Methods: A multicenter, retrospective chart review of patients undergoing shoulder arthrodesis between 2001 and 2023 in Western Australia was conducted. Clinical records and imaging were then reviewed to determine patient demographics. A cross-sectional analysis of Visual Analogue (VAS), Oxford Shoulder (OSS), and American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons Shoulder (ASES) Scores, satisfaction and complication rates was conducted. Results: In total, 14 patients with a mean age of 39.5 years (range 22–52 years, 71% male) with a mean follow-up of 7.4 years (range 3 months–18 years) were identified. The most common indications for arthrodesis included osteoarthritis (8, 57%) and instability (6, 43%). Major contributory factors were recurrent seizures (5, 36%) and multiple surgeries (4, 29%). Radiographic union was observed in 13 (93%) patients. The mean VAS was 2.8 (range 0–7), mean OSS was 33.0 (range 23–42) and ASES score was 55.4 (range 37–82). In total, 11 patients (79%) reported being satisfied. Five (36%) patients returned to theatre for complications. Conclusions: In this patient series, shoulder arthrodesis demonstrates a notable efficacy in pain reduction, high satisfaction, acceptable function, and complication rates. ER  - 
Human Herpesvirus 6—A Rare Aetiologic Agent for CNS Infections in Immunocompetent Individuals or an Underestimation?$$$ Background: Human herpesvirus 6 (HHV-6) is considered a ubiquitous virus, with many countries reporting a seroprevalence of more than 80–90% among the general population. However, this virus is unique among herpesviruses in its ability to integrate into the genetic material of the host’s cells. Thus, there are three ways by which HHV-6 can cause an active infection–primary infection, reactivation of a latent acquired infection, or activation of iciHHV-6 (inherited chromosomally integrated HHV-6). Whole blood quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) is very useful in distinguishing between iciHHV-6 and primary infection/reactivation. Our aim is to assess the role of HHV-6 in the aetiology of central nervous system (CNS) infections in adults and children, to describe all HHV-6-positive cases in an attempt to determine the susceptible population and to identify potential risk factors that can be linked to HHV-6 meningoencephalitis. Methods: We performed a retrospective study involving patients that were admitted to Prof. Dr. Matei Bals National Institute of Infectious Diseases, Bucharest, Romania, with a diagnosis of meningitis or encephalitis. We only selected the clinical records of patients that had a multiplex PCR Biofire® FilmArray® meningitis/encephalitis panel. Results: We report a 5% HHV-6 positivity in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of patients with CNS infections tested with a commercial multiplex PCR M/E (meningitis/encephalitis) panel. Additionally, 2% to 4% of the total study population (n = 100) had active HHV-6 infections, which denotes 40 to 80% of the HHV-6-positive samples. We did not observe any statistically significant correlation between HHV-6 positivity in the CSF and variables such as age, sex, or comorbidities, including obesity, diabetes, hypertension, immunosuppression, or oncologic disease. Therefore, no risk factors could be linked with HHV-6 positivity in the CSF. Conclusions: although multiplex qualitative PCR is highly useful for providing rapid results and identifying nearly every pathogen that can cause meningitis/encephalitis, we have to be aware of this type of test’s limitations. All patients with HHV-6 detectable in their CSF via a multiplex PCR test should also undergo qPCR testing from both CSF and blood to prevent over-diagnosing HHV-6 CNS infections, to avoid unnecessary antiviral treatments, and ensure the accurate identification of the true diagnosis. ER  - 
Off-label higher doses of serotonin reuptake inhibitors in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder: Safety and tolerability$$$ Objective: To examine the long-term safety and tolerability of off-label high-dose serotonin reuptake inhibitors (OLHD-SRIs) in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Methods: A retrospective longitudinal study was performed on 105 randomly selected outpatients diagnosed with OCD and were treated with OLHD-SRIs for at least 6 months. Patients received sertraline >200 mg/day, escitalopram >20 mg/day, fluvoxamine >300 mg/day, and fluoxetine >60 mg/day, combined with exposure and response prevention therapy. Patients were divided into three dosing groups: sertraline equivalent dose (SED) ≤ 200 mg/day (n = 26, 24.7%), 201–400 mg/day (n = 51, 48.5%) and 401–650 mg/day (n = 28, 26.6%). Safety and tolerability were assessed with an electrocardiogram, blood biochemistry, complete blood count, and side-effects monitoring. Results: SED ranged from 100 to 650 mg/day and the mean duration of OLHD-SRI treatment was 20.8 months. The most common side-effects reported were sexual dysfunction (n = 36, 34%), weight gain (n = 28, 27%), sedation (n = 27, 26%), hyperhidrosis (n = 20, 19%), and tremor (n = 11, 10%). Abnormal ECG was documented in one patient, and another patient experienced a first-time seizure, whereas elevated liver enzymes were seen in 4.8% of the sample (n = 5). None of the patients had serotonin syndrome or drug-induced liver injury. Side-effects did not differ among the three dosing groups. Conclusion: OLHD-SRIs appear to be safe and well tolerated in OCD patients in SED ≤ 650 mg/day doses and the side-effects did not differ between the three dosing groups. ER  - 
Increased Risk of Dementia after Transient Global Amnesia: A Nationwide Population-Based, Longitudinal Follow-Up Study in South Korea$$$ Introduction: The long-term cognitive outcomes after transient global amnesia (TGA) have been contradictory in the literature. Our study aimed to longitudinally investigate the association between TGA and incident dementia using long-term data from a nationwide population-based cohort in South Korea. Methods: The study population was recruited between 2002 and 2020 using the International Classification of Diseases (Tenth Revision; ICD-10) codes from the Korean National Health Insurance Service database. The cumulative incidence curve was plotted to compare the incidence of dementia between the TGA (ICD-10 code G45.4; n = 10,276) and non-TGA (n = 27,389) groups, determined using 1:3 propensity score matching. Using Cox proportional hazard regression models, we obtained crude and adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the incident dementia in patients with TGA compared to non-TGA controls. To examine independent variables determining dementia in the TGA group, logistic regression analysis was performed, and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) and 95% CIs were calculated. Results: The TGA group had a significantly higher cumulative incidence of dementia than the non-TGA group (p < 0.001, log-rank test). TGA was significantly associated with incident dementia in the univariate and multivariate Cox models (HR 1.34, 95% CI 1.28–1.39 and aHR 1.40, 95% CI 1.34–1.46, respectively). The adjusted logistic regression for incident dementia in the TGA group showed that age (per 1 year, aOR 1.09, 95% CI 1.09–1.10), female sex (aOR 1.31, 95% CI 1.18–1.45), diabetes (aOR 1.21, 95% CI 1.08–1.35), stroke (aOR 1.30, 95% CI 1.16–1.46), depression (aOR 1.53, 95% CI 1.33–1.76), anxiety (aOR 1.24, 95% CI 1.01–1.39), and rural residence (aOR 1.24, 95% CI 1.10–1.41) were independently associated with incident dementia. Conclusion: Our results suggest a longitudinal association of TGA with incident dementia. ER  - 
The effect of epilepsy self-management on productivity at work$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a significant public health concern and the most common neurological disorder. Lack of understanding of the disease may magnify the challenges faced by employees with epilepsy, including effective management of symptoms, and full participation in workplace and work productivity. Aim: Study aimed to evaluate epilepsy self-management skills of working individuals with epilepsy and to determine the impact of it on productivity at work. Methods: The study adopted a cross-sectional design and involved 111 individuals with epilepsy. Data collection was carried out using a socio-demographic characteristics form, the “Epilepsy Self-Management Scale” and the “Endikot Work Productivity Scale.” Results: The average age was 35.76 ± 3.39 in the study. The majority of the participants (57.7 %) were women. Additionally, 33.3 % were private sector employee, and 39.6 % held a bachelor's degree. The mean score of the Epilepsy Self Management Scale was 3.91 ± 0.15, the total score of Endikot Work Productivity Scale was 39.84 ± 6.33. A negative significant correlation was observed between epilepsy self management and work productivity. Moreover, women (3.94 ± 0.17) and healthcare workers (3.97 ± 0.06) had higher scores of epilepsy self management. While men (40.43 ± 0.15) demonstrated higher productivity scores, public servants (35.61 ± 0.34) had lower scores compared to others (p < 0.05). Conclusions: The findings of this study suggest that improved self-management of epilepsy among working individuals leads to increased work productivity. The epilepsy-management skills of women and healthcare workers was higher. Furthermore, men exhibited lower productivity levels, while woman and public servants displayed higher. ER  - 
Trends and disparities in the prevalence of physical activity among US adults with epilepsy, 2010–2022$$$ Background: Physical activity may be associated with health benefits for people with epilepsy. It remains unclear how the prevalence of physical activity has changed at a national level over the years and whether this prevalence varies between subgroups. Methods: The National Health and Interview Survey, which was conducted from 2010 to 2017 and again in 2022, was used for our nationally representative study. This study explored the trends and disparities in meeting physical activity guidelines among US individuals with epilepsy and non-epilepsy adults. Results: The prevalence of adults with epilepsy meeting physical activity guidelines was consistently lower and remained unchanged compared to those without epilepsy. Among the population with epilepsy, the prevalence of aerobic physical activity was 38.1 % (95 % CI, 32.6 %-43.5 %) in 2010 and 39.0 % (95 % CI, 33.4 %-44.7 %) in 2017 (P for trend = 0.84), and remained unchanged in 2022 (39.1 %). For muscle-strength training, the prevalence was 17.5 % (95 % CI, 13.3 %–21.7 %) in 2010 and 18.8 % (95 % CI, 14.8 %–22.8 %) in 2017 (P for trend = 0.82). The prevalence for both activities combined was 12.4 % (95 % CI, 8.7 %–16.2 %) in 2010 and 16.6 % (95 % CI, 12.8 %–20.5 %) in 2017 (P for trend = 0.26). The prevalence of aerobic physical activity varied by educational attainment, body mass index, comorbid conditions, alcohol-drinking status, and epilepsy status. Conclusion: This study suggests that the adherence rate to meeting physical activity guidelines among US adults with epilepsy was at a low level and had not improved over time. This finding highlights the need for additional nationwide efforts to promote physical activity in the US population with epilepsy. ER  - 
Comorbidities in Hispanic/Latino Veterans with epilepsy$$$ Background: Hispanic/Latino people with epilepsy may be at a differential risk of medical and psychiatric comorbidities given genetic, environmental, sociocultural, and quality of care factors. In people with epilepsy, comorbidities are especially crucial to investigate given the well-known impact on quality of life and risk of adverse outcomes. Yet, Hispanic/Latino Veterans with Epilepsy (HL-VWE) remain an understudied population. The present nationwide population study sought to investigate medical and psychiatric comorbidities in this group. Methods: Data from the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Corporate Data Warehouse administrative data were used to identify 56,556 VWE (5.7 % HL-VWE) using a one-year cross-sectional analysis of ICD codes. Elixhauser Comorbidity Index scores and psychiatric diagnoses were calculated based on ICD-9/ICD-10-CM diagnoses using a lookback period. Comparisons were made between HL-VWE and non-HL-VWE using chi-squared and student t-tests. Regression analyses were then performed to examine group differences while accounting for age. Results: HL-VWE had higher probability of being diagnosed with several psychiatric conditions when accounting for age, including depression (OR 1.21, 95 % CI 1.13–1.31) and schizophrenia (OR 1.56, 95 % CI 1.31–1.84). There were no significant differences in medical comorbidities between the HL-VWE and non-HL-VWE groups. Conclusions: We present results from the largest known study of HL people with epilepsy examining their psychiatric and medical comorbidities and one of the first to specifically study HL-VWE. Compared to non-HL-VWE, the Hispanic/Latino group had comparable medical comorbidity, but higher rates of multiple psychiatric conditions. Results indicate a need for increased screening and interventions in this population to reduce psychiatric disease burden. ER  - 
Probiotics and the microbiota-gut-brain axis in neurodegeneration: Beneficial effects and mechanistic insights$$$ Neurodegenerative diseases (NDs) are a group of heterogeneous disorders with a high socioeconomic burden. Although pharmacotherapy is currently the principal therapeutic approach for the management of NDs, mounting evidence supports the notion that the protracted application of available drugs would abate their dopaminergic outcomes in the long run. The therapeutic application of microbiome-based modalities has received escalating attention in biomedical works. In-depth investigations of the bidirectional communication between the microbiome in the gut and the brain offer a multitude of targets for the treatment of NDs or maximizing the patient's quality of life. Probiotic administration is a well-known microbial-oriented approach to modulate the gut microbiota and potentially influence the process of neurodegeneration. Of note, there is a strong need for further investigation to map out the mechanistic prospects for the gut-brain axis and the clinical efficacy of probiotics. In this review, we discuss the importance of microbiome modulation and hemostasis via probiotics, prebiotics, postbiotics and synbiotics in ameliorating pathological neurodegenerative events. Also, we meticulously describe the underlying mechanism of action of probiotics and their metabolites on the gut-brain axis in different NDs. We suppose that the present work will provide a functional direction for the use of probiotic-based modalities in promoting current practical treatments for the management of neurodegenerative-related diseases. ER  - 
Young people diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) years ago − How are they now?$$$ Background: Up to 30% of patients referred to epilepsy centres for drug-resistant epilepsy turn out to have psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Patients with PNES are a very heterogeneous population with large differences in regard to underlying causes, seizures severity, and impact on quality of life. There is limited knowledge regarding the long-term seizure prognosis of youth with PNES and its influential factors. Methods: We have performed a retrospective study on adolescents diagnosed with PNES who were receiving inpatient care at our hospital for 2–4 weeks in the period of 2012–2020. They all attended psychoeducational courses to educate them about PNES, coping with the seizures, and possible contributors to seizure susceptibility. There were 258 patients who fulfilled the inclusion criteria. We contacted them by text messages, through which they received brief information about the study and an invitation to participate. There were 62 patients (24 %) who agreed and participated in structured telephone interviews. We excluded 10 patients due to concomitant epilepsy. The mean age of the remaining 52 participants was 20.9 years (16–28 years), and 45 (87 %) were women. Results: After a mean of 4.7 years (2–9 years) since discharge from our hospital, 28 patients (54 %) had been free of seizures in the last 6 months. There were 16 patients (31 %) who had better situations in regard to seizures but were not completely seizure free, while 8 patients (15 %) were either unchanged (3 patients) or worse (5 patients). There were 39 patients (75 %) who had received conversation therapy, and 37 patients (71 %) had been treated by a psychologist or psychiatrist. There were 10 patients (19 %) who had dropped out of school or work, and the percentage increased with age. There were 42 patients (80 %) who perceived their health as good or very good. Conclusion: Patients had a relatively favourable seizure prognosis as 54% were free of seizures and 31% had a better seizure situation, at the time of this study. However, the fact that 19% had dropped out of school or work was worrying. Young age and satisfaction with treatment were associated with being employed or receiving education. Satisfaction with perceived treatment was significantly associated with personal experience of good health. This emphasizes the importance of early diagnosis, adapted interventional measures, and long-term follow-up by healthcare for young people with PNES. ER  - 
Effects of PDE10A inhibitor MK-8189 in people with an acute episode of schizophrenia: A randomized proof-of-concept clinical trial$$$ Background: PDE10A inhibition represents a potential mechanism for treating schizophrenia. PDE10A inhibitors increase cyclic nucleotides in striatal neurons, thereby mimicking the effects of dopamine receptor D2 antagonists and D1 agonists. We evaluated the PDE10A inhibitor MK-8189 for treating schizophrenia. Methods: Randomized, double-blind, placebo and active-controlled, phase 2a, multicenter, inpatient trial in adults experiencing an acute episode of schizophrenia. Participants were randomized 2:2:1 to once-daily MK-8189 12 mg, placebo, or risperidone 6 mg (active control) for 4-weeks. The primary outcome was change-from-baseline in total score on the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) at 4 weeks. Results: The number of treated participants was 90 for MK-8189, 89 for placebo, and 45 for risperidone. MK-8189 demonstrated a trend towards improvement versus placebo for change-from-baseline in PANSS total score after 4 weeks (difference = −4.7 [95 % CI: −9.8,0.5], P = 0.074). The active control risperidone was superior to placebo on PANNS total score (difference = −7.3 [95 % CI: −14.0,−0.6], P = 0.033), demonstrating assay sensitivity, while MK-8189 and risperidone did not significantly differ (difference = 2.6 [95 % CI: −4.0,9.2], P = 0.440). MK-8189 had a nominally significant effect on PANSS positive subscale score compared to placebo (difference = −2.2 [95 % CI: −3.8,−0.5], P = 0.011). Discontinuation of MK-8189 treatment due to an adverse event was low (<10 %). Extrapyramidal symptoms occurred with MK-8189 but were mostly mild and transient. Compared with placebo, MK-8189 reduced body weight while risperidone increased weight. Conclusions: These findings suggest that PDE10A inhibition may produce antipsychotic effects and associated weight loss and that further trials with PDE10A inhibitors are warranted. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT03055338 ER  - 
The 2017 and 2022 ILAE epilepsy classification systems identify needs and opportunities in care: A paediatric hospital-based study$$$ Objectives: There is a paucity of studies reporting the epilepsy spectrum using the 2017 and 2022 ILAE classification systems in everyday clinical practice. To identify gaps and opportunities in care we evaluated a hospital-based cohort applying these epilepsy classification systems, including aetiology and co-morbidity, and the utility of molecular genetic diagnosis to identify available precision therapies. Methods: Cross sectional retrospective study of all children with epilepsy (≤16 years) attending University Hospital Galway (2017–2022). Data collection and analysis of each case was standardised to ensure a systematic approach and application of the recent ILAE categorisation and terminology (2017 and 2022). Ethics approval was obtained. Results: Among 356 children, epilepsy was classified as focal (46.1 %), generalised (38.8 %), combined (6.2 %), and unknown (9 %). Epilepsy syndrome was determined in 145/356 (40.7 %), comprising 24 different syndromes, most commonly SeLECTS (9 %), CAE (7 %), JAE (6.2 %) and IESS (5.9 %). New aetiology-specific syndromes were identified (e.g. CDKL5-DEE). Molecular diagnosis was confirmed in 19.9 % (n = 71) which encompassed monogenic (13.8 %) and chromosomopathy/CNV (6.2 %). There was an additional 35.7 % (n = 127) of patients who had a presumed genetic aetiology of epilepsy. Remaining aetiology included structural (18.8 %, n = 67), infectious (2 %, n = 7), metabolic (1.7 %, n = 6) and unknown (30.3 %, n = 108). Encephalopathy categorisation was determined in 182 patients (DE in 38.8 %; DEE in a further 11.8 %) associated with a range of co-morbidities categorised as global delay (29.2 %, n = 104), severe neurological impairment (16.3 %, n = 58), and ASD (14.6 %, n = 52). Molecular-based “precision therapy” was deemed available in 21/356 (5.9 %) patients, with “molecular precision” approach utilised in 13/356 (3.7 %), and some benefit noted in 6/356 (1.7 %) of overall cohort or 6/71 (8.5 %) of the molecular cohort. Conclusion: Applying the latest ILAE epilepsy classification systems allow comparison across settings and identifies a major neuro-developmental co-morbidity rate and a large genetic aetiology. We identified very few meaningful molecular-based disease modifying “precision therapies”. There is a monumental gap between aetiological identification, and impact of meaningful therapies, thus the new 2017/2022 classification clearly identifies the major challenges in the provision of routine epilepsy care. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of levetiracetam in people with and without intellectual disabilities: A naturalistic case control study$$$ Introduction: People with Intellectual Disabilities (PwID) are twenty times more likely than general population to have epilepsy. Guidance for prescribing antiseizure medication (ASM) to PwID is driven by trials excluding them. Levetiracetam (LEV) is a first-line ASM in the UK. Concerns exist regarding LEV's behavioural and psychological adverse effects, particularly in PwID. There is no high-quality evidence comparing effectiveness and adverse effects in PwID to those without, prescribed LEV. Methods: Pooled casenote data for patients prescribed LEV (2000–2020) at 18 UK NHS Trusts were analysed. Demographics, starting and maximum dose, adverse effects, dropouts and seizure frequency between ID (mild vs. moderate-profound (M/P)) and general population for a 12-month period were compared. Descriptive analysis, Mann-Whitney, Fisher's exact and logistic regression methods were employed. Results: 173 PwID (mild 53 M/P 120) were compared to 200 without ID. Mean start and maximum dose were similar across all groups. PwID (Mild & M/P) were less likely to withdraw from treatment (P = 0.036). No difference was found between ID and non-ID or between ID groups (Mild vs M/P) in LEV's efficacy i.e. >50 % seizure reduction. Significant association emerged between ID severity and psychiatric adverse effects (P = 0.035). More irritability (14.2 %) and aggression (10.8 %) were reported in M/P PwID. Conclusion: PwID and epilepsy have high rates of premature mortality, comorbidities, treatment resistance and polypharmacy but remain poorly researched for ASM use. This is the largest studied cohort of PwID trialled on LEV compared to general population controls. Findings support prescribing of LEV for PwID as a first-line ASM. ER  - 
A comparison of patients with epileptic seizures (ES) versus those with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) on measures of alexithymia, mood, and anxiety$$$ Objective: To compare persons with epilepsy (PWE) to those with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) on measures of depression, anxiety, and alexithymia subscales (i.e., difficulty identifying emotions, difficulty describing emotions, and external-oriented thinking). Material and methods: In this retrospective study, 235 epilepsy patients and 90 patients with PNES were evaluated between 2012 and 2020 at the Northeast Regional Epilepsy Group. These patients had completed the Toronto Alexithymia Scale (TAS-20), The Center for Epidemiologic Studies - Depression Scale (CES-D) and The State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI). Background information was collected regarding work/student/disability status at the time of the evaluation history of psychiatric diagnosis; psychological trauma; and involvement in psychotherapy either at the time of the evaluation or prior. Results: Significant differences between PWEs and those with PNES were found not only in historical data (e.g., Psychiatric History, History of Trauma, and History of Therapy) (p < .001) but also on measures of Depression (p = .002) and Anxiety (p < .001). ANOVA analysis also revealed significant differences in the distribution of the TAS-Total score, TAS-Describing emotions, and TAS-Identifying emotions. Using logistic regression (stepwise model) the optimal set of predictors for a differential diagnosis of epilepsy and PNES was combination of TAS-Identifying emotions score, history of psychological trauma, and history of therapy. The accuracy of the prediction was determined to be 80.2 %. Conclusions: Although higher alexithymia rates are present in PNES and PWEs, clinicians may find a combination of TAS-Identifying Emotion score, history of trauma, and history of psychotherapy useful in supporting a differential diagnosis. Also, a subgroup may exist among those with PNES with high levels of alexithymia, depression, and anxiety that may require a different treatment approach focused on addressing difficulties in identifying and describing their emotions and their other symptomatology. ER  - 
Cerebral Palsy Phenotypes in Genetic Epilepsies$$$ Background: Although there are established connections between genetic epilepsies and neurodevelopmental disorders like intellectual disability, the presence of cerebral palsy (CP) in genetic epilepsies is undercharacterized. We performed a retrospective chart review evaluating the motor phenotype of patients with genetic epilepsies. Methods: Patients were ascertained through a research exome sequencing study to identify genetic causes of epilepsy. We analyzed data from the first 100 individuals with molecular diagnoses. We determined motor phenotype by reviewing medical records for muscle tone and motor function data. We characterized patients according to CP subtypes: spastic diplegic, spastic quadriplegic, spastic hemiplegic, dyskinetic, hypotonic-ataxic. Results: Of 100 individuals with genetic epilepsies, 14% had evidence of possible CP, including 5% characterized as hypotonic-ataxic CP, 5% spastic quadriplegic CP, 3% spastic diplegic CP, and 1% hemiplegic CP. Presence of CP did not correlate with seizure onset age (P = 0.63) or seizure control (P = 0.07). CP occurred in 11% (n = 3 of 27) with focal epilepsy, 9% (n = 5 of 54) with generalized epilepsy, and 32% (n = 6 of 19) with combined focal/generalized epilepsy (P = 0.06). Conclusions: In this retrospective analysis of patients with genetic epilepsies, we identified a substantial portion with CP phenotypes, representing an under-recognized comorbidity. These findings underscore the many neurodevelopmental features associated with neurogenetic conditions, regardless of the feature for which they were ascertained for sequencing. Detailed motor phenotyping is needed to determine the prevalence of CP and its subtypes among genetic epilepsies. These motor phenotypes require clinical management and represent important targeted outcomes in trials for patients with genetic epilepsies. ER  - 
Quality of life during usual epilepsy care for anxiety or depression symptoms: Secondary patient-reported outcomes in a randomized trial of remote assessment methods$$$ Background and objectives: Anxiety and depression are highly prevalent and impactful in epilepsy. American Academy of Neurology quality measures emphasize anxiety and depression screening and quality of life (QOL) measurement, yet usual epilepsy care QOL and anxiety/depression outcomes are poorly characterized. The main objective was to assess 6-month QOL, anxiety and depression during routine care among adults with epilepsy and baseline anxiety or depression symptoms; these were prespecified secondary outcomes within a pragmatic randomized trial of remote assessment methods. Methods: Adults with anxiety or depression symptoms and no suicidal ideation were recruited from a tertiary epilepsy clinic via an electronic health record (EHR)-embedded process. Participants were randomized 1:1 to 6 month outcome collection via patient portal EHR questionnaires vs. telephone interview. This report focuses on an a priori secondary outcomes of the overall trial, focused on patient-reported health outcomes in the full sample. Quality of life, (primary health outcome), anxiety, and depression measures were collected at 3 and 6 months (Quality of Life in Epilepsy-10, QOLIE-10, Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7, Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory-Epilepsy). Change values and 95 % confidence intervals were calculated. In post-hoc exploratory analyses, patient-reported anxiety/depression management plans at baseline clinic visit and healthcare utilization were compared with EHR-documentation, and agreement was calculated using the kappa statistic. Results: Overall, 30 participants (15 per group) were recruited and analyzed, of mean age 42.5 years, with 60 % women. Mean 6-month change in QOLIE-10 overall was 2.0(95 % CI −6.8, 10.9), and there were no significant differences in outcomes between the EHR and telephone groups. Mean anxiety and depression scores were stable across follow-up (all 95 % CI included zero). Outcomes were similar regardless of whether an anxiety or depression action plan was documented. During the baseline interview, most participants with clinic visit EHR documentation indicating action to address anxiety and/or depression reported not being offered a treatment(7 of 12 with action plan, 58 %), and there was poor agreement between patient report and EHR documentation (kappa=0.22). Healthcare utilization was high: 40 % had at least one hospitalization or emergency/urgent care visit reported and/or identified via EHR, but a third (4/12) failed to self-report an EHR-identified hospitalization/urgent visit. Discussion: Over 6 months of usual care among adults with epilepsy and anxiety or depression symptoms, there was no significant average improvement in quality of life or anxiety/depression, suggesting a need for interventions to enhance routine neurology care and achieve quality of life improvement for this group. ER  - 
Neurocognitive effects and electrophysiological findings in ADHD and self-limiting centrotemporal spike wave epilepsy (SeLECTS) − A prospective tertiary care study$$$ Objective: The study aimed to determine the prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in patients with self-limiting epilepsy with centrotemporal spike wave (SeLECTS), as well as the electroclinical features associated with this comorbid condition and the neurocognitive effects using psychometric tests. Additionally, we analysed the electrophysiological findings and neurocognitive status of patients with ADHD to estimate the prevalence of epilepsy and neurocognitive effects in the ADHD population and evaluate their clinical features. Method: The study included patients diagnosed with SeLECT and ADHD who were matched for age and gender. Electrophysiological tests, psychometric tests, demographic and clinical characteristics of SeLECTS patients aged 7–13 years and ADHD patients of similar age were analysed. The study examined electrophysiological and psychometric tests, as well as demographic and clinical characteristics. Both groups underwent testing using the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children (WISC-R), Stroop Colour and Word Test (SCWT), and EEG (Electroencephalogram). The SeLECT group also underwent the Bender Visual-Motor Gestalt Test. Rsults: No significant relationship was found between the SeLECT and ADHD groups in terms of age and gender. The rate of epileptiform discharge in EEG findings without a diagnosis of epilepsy was 5.6 % (n = 2) in the ADHD group. The rate of ADHD in the SeLECTS group was 28 % (n = 11). Although all subsections of the WISCR test were higher in the ADHD patient group than in the SeLECTS patient group, only verbal IQ and total IQ showed a significant difference. No significant differences were found between the completion times, error rates, and correction averages of the SCWT sections in both groups. There was no significant correlation found between the performance IQ, verbal IQ, and total intelligence scores in either the isolated SeLECTS patient group or the SeLECTS + ADHD patient group (p > 0.05). However, it is worth noting that verbal IQ was below normal in both groups and slightly lower in the SeLECT + ADHD group. Additionally, the mean SeWT completion time was significantly longer in the SeLECT + ADHD group than in the isolated SeLECT group. However, no significant difference was found in the Bender Gestalt Visual Motor Perception Test. In the psychometric analyses comparing the isolated SeLECTS, SeLECT + ADHD, and ADHD patient groups, the SCWT completion times were significantly longer in the SeLECT + ADHD group than in the other two groups. The verbal IQ score was significantly higher in the ADHD group than in the other two groups. Conclusion: In conclusion, although SeLECTS is commonly considered a benign form of epilepsy, our study found a high rate of comorbidity with ADHD. This condition has a negative impact on verbal intelligence and sustained attention, highlighting the importance of a complete neuropsychological evaluation at the stage of epilepsy diagnosis. It is crucial not to overlook the possibility of an ADHD diagnosis. ER  - 
Heterogeneity of comprehensive clinical phenotype and longitudinal adaptive function and correlation with computational predictions of severity of missense genotypes in KIF1A-associated neurological disorder$$$ Purpose: Pathogenic variants in kinesin family member 1A (KIF1A) are associated with KIF1A-associated neurological disorder. We report the clinical phenotypes and correlate genotypes of individuals with KIF1A-associated neurological disorder. Methods: Medical history and adaptive function were assessed longitudinally. In-person evaluations included neurological, motor, ophthalmologic, and cognitive assessments. Results: We collected online data on 177 individuals. Fifty-seven individuals were also assessed in-person. Most individuals had de novo heterozygous missense likely pathogenic/pathogenic KIF1A variants. The most common characteristics were hypotonia, spasticity, ataxia, seizures, optic nerve atrophy, cerebellar atrophy, and cognitive impairment. Mean Vineland adaptive behavior composite score (VABS-ABC) was low (M = 62.9, SD = 19.1). The mean change in VABS-ABC over time was −3.1 (SD = 7.3). The decline in VABS-ABC was associated with the age at first assessment and abnormal electroencephalogram/seizure. There was a positive correlation between evolutionary scale model (ESM) score for the variants and final VABS-ABC (P = .003). Abnormal electroencephalogram/seizure, neuroimaging result, and ESM explain 34% of the variance in final VABS-ABC (P < .001). Conclusion: In-person assessment confirmed caregiver report and identified additional visual deficits. Adaptive function declined over time consistent with both the neurodevelopmental and neurodegenerative nature of the condition. Using ESM score assists in predicting phenotype across a wide range of unique variants. ER  - 
Clinical, cognitive, and functional characteristics of recent-onset psychosis with autistic features: A 2-year longitudinal study$$$ Though categorized as separate illnesses, schizophrenia and autism are known to exhibit shared characteristics. This study explored the distinctions in clinical, cognitive, and functional characteristics among individuals with recent-onset psychosis, considering the severity of their autistic symptoms, involving longitudinal examinations. We analyzed 671 patients with recent-onset psychosis from Korean Early Psychosis Cohort Study (KEPS), and used the PANSS Autism Severity Score (PAUSS) to categorize patient into ‘autistic’, ‘moderate’, and ‘non-autistic’ groups. The autistic group had the highest rate of schizophrenia diagnosis, and the lowest incidence of comorbid psychiatric disorders. Schizophrenia diagnosis predicted membership of the autistic group. More severe autistic symptoms correlated with worse overall symptoms and functional outcomes, which significantly predicted membership of the autistic group. Cognitive impairments and emotional recognition difficulties increased with the severity of autistic symptoms. 2-year longitudinal assessments demonstrated that group differences in autistic features and overall symptoms, and functional outcomes remained consistent, and membership of the autistic group significantly predicted symptomatic remission and functional recovery. In conclusion, the presence of autistic symptoms has a significant impact on the overall symptomatology and functional capabilities. They are enduring attributes rather than temporary state variables, and serve as a significant predictor for both symptomatic and functional recovery. ER  - 
Use of Clozapine in persons with a history of seizures: A retrospective study$$$ Background: Seizures are considered to be one of the dreaded side effects of clozapine, and due to this, the use of clozapine is avoided in patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia. Resultantly, there is little information about the use of clozapine among patients with seizure disorder. Aim: To assess the safety of clozapine in patients with history of seizures in their lifetime before starting clozapine and receiving clozapine for the management of psychotic disorders. Results: Out of the 958 patients, 35 (3.65 %) had a history of at least one seizure episode before starting clozapine, with a mean of 5.06 (SD: 7.23; Median: 3.00) seizures before starting clozapine. The mean duration between the last seizure and the starting of clozapine was 123.75 (SD: 124.99; Median: 84) months, with nine patients having an episode of seizure in the previous 12 months and 15 patients being seizure-free for more than ten years. About one-fourth (25.7 %; nine out of 35) of the patients had recurrence of seizure while receiving clozapine for a mean duration of about five years. When the recurrence of seizure after starting clozapine was evaluated in patients receiving antiepileptics along with clozapine, the incidence of at least one seizure was 26.67 % (4 out of 15), and among those not receiving antiepileptics, the incidence of at least one seizure was 25 % (5 out of 20). The dose of clozapine at which seizure was noted ranged from 12.5 mg to 600 mg/day with a mean of 236.25 (SD: 169.04; Median: 162.5) mg/day. In none of the patients, clozapine had to be stopped due to the continuation of seizures. Conclusion: About one-fourth of the patients with history of an episode of seizure have recurrence of seizure while receiving clozapine. The demographic and clinical variables do not differ between those who develop and who do not develop seizures after starting clozapine, including concomitant use of antiepileptics. ER  - 
Detecting and Predicting Cognitive Decline in Individuals with Traumatic Brain Injury: A Longitudinal Telephone-Based Study$$$ Traumatic brain injuries (TBIs) can lead to long-lasting cognitive impairments, and some survivors experience cognitive decline post-recovery. Early detection of decline is important for care planning, and understanding risk factors for decline can elucidate targets for prevention. While neuropsychological testing is the gold standard approach to characterizing cognitive function, there is a need for brief, scalable tools that are capable of detecting clinically significant changes in post-TBI cognition. This study examines whether a clinically significant change can be detected using the Brief Test of Adult Cognition by Telephone (BTACT) in a sample of individuals with chronic TBI and investigates whether potentially modifiable factors are associated with cognitive decline. Ninety participants aged 40 or older with complicated mild-to-severe TBI participated in two telephone-based study visits *1 year apart. Demographic, head trauma exposure, comorbid medical conditions, physical, and psychosocial functioning data were collected via self-report. The BTACT, a brief measure of global cognitive function, was used to assess cognitive performance across six domains. A reliable change index for quantifying clinically significant changes in BTACT performance was calculated. Results revealed cognitive decline in 10–27% of participants across various cognitive domains. More specifically, only depressive symptoms, including depressed affect and anhedonia, were significantly associated with cognitive decline after correcting for multiple comparisons using false discovery rate (FDR). Other factors such as the number of blows to the head, male gender, dyspnea, increased anxiety symptoms, seizures, illicit drug use, and fewer cardiovascular comorbidities should be considered hypothesis generating. Importantly, age was not a significant predictor of cognitive decline, which challenges the assumption that cognitive decline is solely related to the natural aging process. It suggests that there are unique factors associated with TBI that impact cognitive function, and these factors can affect individuals across the lifespan. The BTACT is a brief and sensitive tool for identifying clinically meaningful changes in cognitive function over a relatively brief period (i.e., 1 year) in a sample of individuals in the chronic stages of TBI (i.e., x = 6.7 years post-TBI). Thus, the BTACT may be useful in surveillance efforts aimed at understanding and detecting decline, particularly in situations where in-person cognitive screening is impractical or unfeasible. We also identified potentially modifiable targets for the prevention of post-TBI cognitive decline. These findings can offer insights into treatment goals and preventive strategies for individuals at risk for cognitive decline, as well as help to facilitate early identification efforts. ER  - 
A call for caution when using network methods to study multimorbidity: an illustration using data from the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging$$$ Objectives: To examine the impact of two key choices when conducting a network analysis (clustering methods and measure of association) on the number and type of multimorbidity clusters. Study Design and Setting: Using cross-sectional self-reported data on 24 diseases from 30,097 community-living adults aged 45–85 from the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging, we conducted network analyses using 5 clustering methods and 11 association measures commonly used in multimorbidity studies. We compared the similarity among clusters using the adjusted Rand index (ARI); an ARI of 0 is equivalent to the diseases being randomly assigned to clusters, and 1 indicates perfect agreement. We compared the network analysis results to disease clusters independently identified by two clinicians. Results: Results differed greatly across combinations of association measures and cluster algorithms. The number of clusters identified ranged from 1 to 24, with a low similarity of conditions within clusters. Compared to clinician-derived clusters, ARIs ranged from −0.02 to 0.24, indicating little similarity. Conclusion: These analyses demonstrate the need for a systematic evaluation of the performance of network analysis methods on binary clustered data like diseases. Moreover, in individual older adults, diseases may not cluster predictably, highlighting the need for a personalized approach to their care. ER  - 
Mental health in secondary school-aged children with epilepsy and their primary caregivers: A case control study$$$ Purpose: To describe the prevalence and associated factors of mental health problems in secondary school-aged (11–16 years) children with epilepsy and their primary caregivers compared to a control group without epilepsy. Methods: Children with epilepsy (n = 60), controls (n = 49), and caregivers (n = 60 epilepsy and n = 49 control group) completed a measure of the child's mental health (Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire; SDQ). Primary caregivers in both groups completed a measure of their own mental health (Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Scale-21; DASS-21). Factors associated with child and caregiver mental health in the epilepsy group were explored using linear regression. Results: There were no significant differences between the epilepsy and control group regarding age, gender, ethnicity and socioeconomic status. A higher proportion of children with epilepsy scored in the at-risk range on the SDQ indicating more mental health problems than the control group, as reported by the children (45% vs. 24 %) (p = 0.026) and caregivers (52% vs. 14 %) (p < 0.001). Primary caregivers of children with epilepsy had more symptoms of depression (p = 0.001), anxiety (p = 0.028) and stress (p = 0.019) than caregivers in the control group. Children with epilepsy with greater motor coordination problems had greater mental health difficulties. Children with epilepsy with more mental health difficulties had caregivers with more difficulties and caregivers of children with earlier onset of seizures had more mental health difficulties. Conclusions: Epilepsy confers a high risk for mental health problems in adolescents and their primary caregivers. There is a need to better understand the relationship between caregiver and child mental health difficulties in epilepsy. ER  - 
12-month neurological and psychiatric outcomes of semaglutide use for type 2 diabetes: a propensity-score matched cohort study$$$ Background: While semaglutide, approved for type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), is being investigated as a treatment for brain disorders, concerns over adverse neuropsychiatric events have emerged. More data are therefore needed to assess the effects of semaglutide on brain health. This study provides robust estimates of the risk of neurological and psychiatric outcomes following semaglutide use compared to three other antidiabetic medications. Methods: This retrospective cohort study used electronic health records from TriNetX US Collaborative Network, covering >100 million patients in the USA. Due to the exploratory nature of this study, we did not use a pre-registered protocol or statistical analysis plan. Three cohorts with T2DM prescribed semaglutide between 1st December 2017 and 31st May 2021 were propensity-score matched (1:1 using a greedy nearest-neighbour algorithm with calliper distance of 0.1) with cohorts receiving sitagliptin, empagliflozin, and glipizide. Using Cox regression analysis, we compared the risks of 22 neurological and psychiatric outcomes within one year since the index prescription: encephalitis, parkinsonism, cognitive deficit, dementia, epilepsy/seizure, migraine, insomnia, nerve disorder, myoneural junction/muscle disease, intracranial haemorrhage, ischaemic stroke, alcohol misuse, opioid misuse, cannabis misuse, stimulants misuse, nicotine misuse, psychosis, bipolar disorder, depression, anxiety, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and suicidality. Negative control outcomes (NCOs) were used to assess unmeasured confounding. Findings: Each matched cohort included 23,386 (semaglutide vs sitagliptin), 22,584 (vs empagliflozin), and 19,206 (vs glipizide) patients. Semaglutide was not associated with an increased risk of neurological and psychiatric outcomes. Instead, after multiple-testing correction, semaglutide was associated with reduced risk for several such outcomes, notably cognitive deficit compared to sitagliptin (HR 0.72, 95% CI 0.64–0.80) and glipizide (HR 0.72, 95% CI 0.63–0.81), dementia compared to sitagliptin (HR 0.52, 95% CI 0.40–0.68), and nicotine misuse across most comparisons (HR 0.72, 95% CI 0.61–0.85 against glipizide; HR 0.77, 95% CI 0.65–0.90 against empagliflozin; HR 0.82, 95% CI 0.70–0.95 against sitagliptin, though the latter was no longer statistically significant after adjustment for multiple comparisons). Empagliflozin showed fewest differences from semaglutide. No differences in NCOs were observed between cohorts. Interpretation: Semaglutide is not associated with higher 12-month risk of adverse neuropsychiatric outcomes compared to other antidiabetic medications. Potential beneficial associations with some outcomes, especially cognitive deficit and nicotine misuse, should stimulate validation in clinical trials. Funding: National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) Oxford Health Biomedical Research Centre, Medical Research Council. ER  - 
The role of shame in functional and epileptic seizures$$$ Background: Shame, a complex social emotion, may play a clinically important role in seizure disorders. Therefore, this study examined levels of shame aversion & shame proneness and their relationship with various mental health difficulties (MHDs), and seizure frequency & severity in people with functional seizures (PWFS) and epilepsy (PWE). Methods: In this cross-sectional study, PWFS (N = 68) and PWE (N = 70) were recruited through a neurology clinic and charities, completed online self-reported measures of shame proneness & aversion, seizure frequency & severity, depression, anxiety, somatic symptoms, and perceived socioeconomic status (PSS). Data analyses involved t-tests, correlations, and moderated regression analyses. Results: Both PWFS and PWE showed high and equivalent levels of shame aversion & proneness; mean levels of these measures were more than a standard deviation higher in PWFS and PWE, than in non-clinical populations of previous studies. Both groups had clinically high levels of depression and somatic symptoms, but not anxiety, with PWFS having significantly higher levels than PWE. Shame aversion predicted anxiety and depression in both groups, even after controlling for PSS, age, and gender. Interestingly, PSS, a demographic control variable, significantly predicted depression, anxiety, somatic symptoms, and seizure frequency in both groups. Conclusion: We observed high levels of shame and MHDs in PWFS and PWE. Shame aversion predicted anxiety and depression in both groups, even after controlling for demographic variables. Our findings underline the significant role of shame in people with seizures, despite the differences between PWFS and PWE being smaller than expected. ER  - 
Subacute encephalopathy with seizures in alcoholics (SESA) syndrome$$$ Purpose: To describe four patients with subacute encephalopathy with seizures in alcoholics (SESA) syndrome and to review its clinical, electroencephalogram (EEG), neuroimaging and diagnostic criteria. Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of a series of prospectively collected patients who met the previously established criteria for SESA syndrome. Subsequently, we reviewed all cases published in the English language from the initial description to the present. Results: We found 34 patients diagnosed with SESA syndrome to date, including the four cases of SESA in this report. Fourteen out of 34 (41.1 %) patients were over 60 years of age. Twelve (35.2 %) were abstinent from alcohol and in 4 (11.7 %) there was excessive alcohol consumption. Triggering causes were unknown in 18 cases (53.0 %). All cases (100 %) presented with an altered mental status. Fourteen (41.1 %) subjects had a history of epileptic seizures in the context of acute withdrawal syndrome (AWS). Twenty (58.8 %) patients had focal motor seizures (FMSs), 24 (70.5 %) bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (BTCSs), and 15 (44.1 %) focal impaired awareness seizures (FIASs). In 8 (23.5 %), criteria for focal nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) were met. Twenty-eight (82.3 %) subjects had transient neurological deficits. In 29 (85.2 %) subjects, lateralized periodic discharges (LPDs) were observed in the EEG. Areas of increased T2/FLAIR signal and restricted diffusion were mentioned in 22 subjects (64.7 %). Transfer to the intensive care unit (ICU) was necessary in 8 (23.5 %) subjects. Thirteen (38.2 %) had recurrent episodes. Enduring cerebral sequelae had been mentioned in 9 (26.4 %) cases. The most used anti-seizure medication (ASM) was levetiracetam, followed by phenytoin and lacosamide. Conclusion: SESA syndrome represents a well-defined subtype of focal NCSE in patients with chronic alcoholism. Its prompt recognition can facilitate the initiation of early ASM therapy and help implement a video-EEG evaluation and neuroimaging strategy. ER  - 
Cannabidiol-Only Product Use in Pregnancy in the United States and Canada Findings From the International Cannabis Policy Study$$$ This study aimed to characterize pregnant individuals' use of cannabidiol (CBD). Data are from the International Cannabis Policy Study (2019-2021), a repeated cross-sectional survey of individuals aged 16-65 years in the United States and Canada (N566,457 women, including 1,096 pregnant women). The primary analysis compared pregnant and nonpregnant women's CBD-only product use patterns and reasons for use. The prevalence of CBD-only use in pregnant women was 20.4% compared with 11.3% among nonpregnant women, P < .001. Reasons for CBD use among pregnant women included anxiety (58.4%), depression (40.3%), posttraumatic stress disorder (32.1%); pain (52.3%), headache (35.6%), and nausea or vomiting (31.9%). Thus, CBD-only product use was prevalent in this large sample, with one in five pregnant women reporting use. Characterization of prenatal CBD use is an important first step to exploring potential risks to exposed offspring. ER  - 
Children and young adults with inflammatory bowel disease have an increased incidence and risk of developing mental health conditions: A uk population-based cohort study$$$ Background: The burden of mental health conditions in children and young adults with inflammatory bowel disease remains unclear. We assessed this using a primary care database in the United Kingdom. Methods: A retrospective, observational study compared children and young adults with incident inflammatory bowel disease 5 to 25 years of age (2010-2020) against population control subjects. Outcomes comprised incident depression, anxiety disorder, eating disorders, body image disorders, attention-deficit disorders, behavioral disorders, adjustment disorders, acute stress disorder, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder, self-harm, parasuicide (including suicide), and sleep disturbance. The any mental health condition category comprised any of these conditions. Results: A total of 3898 young patients with incident inflammatory bowel disease were matched to 15 571 control subjects. Inflammatory bowel disease patients were significantly more likely to develop new posttraumatic stress disorder (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 2.47; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.23-4.94), eating disorders (aHR, 1.85; 95% CI, 1.05-3.26), self-harm (aHR, 1.49; 95% CI, 1.00-2.21), sleep disturbance (aHR, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.15-1.71), depression (aHR, 1.34; 95% CI, 1.16- 1.56), anxiety (aHR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.06-1.48), and any mental health condition (aHR, 1.28; 95% CI, 1.12-1.46). Male inflammatory bowel disease patients aged 12 to 17 years, and patients with Crohn's disease appear to have the highest risk for developing new mental health conditions. Conclusions: Young inflammatory bowel disease patients have a significantly higher incidence and risk of new mental health conditions. Mental health remains a critically overlooked aspect of inflammatory bowel disease patient management. Further research into identifying optimal monitoring tools and support for these patients is required to improve patient care. The study protocol was specified and registered a priori. ClinicalTrials.gov study identifier: NCT05206734. ER  - 
Comparative analysis of financial toxicity between SARS-CoV-2 infection and common comorbidities$$$ Financial toxicity is common in individuals with COVID-19 and Long COVID. However, the extent of financial toxicity experienced, in comparison to other common comorbidities, is uncertain. Contributing factors exacerbating financial challenges in Long COVID are also unclear. These knowledge gaps are addressed via a cross-sectional analysis utilizing data from the 2022 National Health Interview Survey (NHIS), a representative sample drawn from the United States. COVID-19 cases were identified through self-reported positive testing or physician diagnoses. Long COVID was defined as experiencing COVID-19-related symptoms for more than three months. Comorbidity was assessed based on self-reported diagnoses of ten doctor-diagnosed conditions (Yes/No). Financial toxicity was defined as having difficulty paying medical bills, cost-related medication nonadherence, delaying healthcare due to cost, and/or not obtained healthcare due to cost. A total of 27,492 NHIS 2022 respondents were included in our analysis, representing 253 million U.S. adults. In multivariable logistic regression models, adults with Long COVID (excluding respondents with COVID-19 but not Long COVID), showed increased financial toxicity compared to those with other comorbidities, such as epilepsy (OR [95% CI]: 1.69 [1.22, 2.33]), dementia (1.51 [1.01, 2.25]), cancer (1.43 [1.19, 1.71]) or respiratory/cardiovascular conditions (1.18 [1.00, 1.40]/1.23 [1.02, 1.47]). Long COVID-related financial toxicity was associated with female sex, age <65 years, lack of medical insurance, current paid employment, residence region, food insecurity, fatigue, mild to severe depression symptoms experienced during the survey completion, visits to hospital emergency rooms, presence of arthritis, cardiovascular or respiratory conditions, and social activity limitations. In conclusion, American adults with Long COVID, but not those who had prior COVID-19 infection without Long COVID, exhibited a higher prevalence of financial toxicity compared to individuals with common comorbidities. Vulnerable populations were at greater risk for financial toxicity. These findings emphasize the importance of evaluating strategies to reduce economic burden and increase awareness of the effect of Long COVID-related financial toxicity on patient’s healthcare and health status. ER  - 
Impact of Psychological Intervention on the Quality of Life of Primary Care Givers of Patients with Cancer: Preliminary Report in City based Cancer Hospital, India$$$ Background and Aim: Caring for an individual with cancer can lead to significant stress, anxiety and feelings of sadness among primary caregivers, ultimately impacting their overall psychological and physical well-being. The aim of this research was to assess if cancer primary caregivers who underwent Psychological Interventions (PI) observed enhancements in their Quality of Life by decreasing levels of depression and anxiety. Materials and Methods: A single-centre randomized control trial was conducted among 53 adult primary caregivers aged >18 years of age to <65 years and those involved with their patients’ actual care not less than 12 hours per day, between April, 2023 to August, 2023. All participants went through the assessment of QoL and Depression and Anxiety levels by using validated tools. Participants were randomly assigned into two groups: Group-A (N=31), participants receiving psychological support and Group-B (N=22), who did not receive any psychological support.The intervention comprised five sessions. Following department protocol participants were followed-up based on 21,42, 63, 84 and 105 days. Participants completed primary outcomes (Anxiety, Depression and Quality of Life) before one of each session to see the impact of each session. To identify the impact of PI, descriptive statistics were calculated as the Mean±Standard deviation of the score of validated tools based on primary outcomes. Results: A total of 53, female caregivers (61%) were more than male individuals (39%). About 60.57% of the caregivers reported severe hampering of their QoL. The data showed significant improvements in outcomes measured from pre to post and from post-to-follow-up as compared to Group-B counterparts (p<0.005). Group-A had statistically significant improvements in QoL in 120 days’ follow-uptime, compared with Group-B, p=<0.01. Conclusion: Under challenging circumstances during the period of cancer treatment, PI is a useful intervention for standing continuous psychological support as it is associated with better Quality of Life for primary caregivers. Further research examining factors influencing the outcomes of psychological intervention will be justified. ER  - 
Cortical Entry and the Occurrence of Symptomatic Idiopathic Delayed Onset Edema after Deep Brain Stimulation Surgery$$$ Background: Symptomatic idiopathic delayed onset edema (IDE) is a complication which can occur after electrode placement in deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgery. Due to the potential duration and severity of neurological deficits, it can cause a heavy burden on the patient. The cortical area used for electrode entrance may be associated with the occurrence of symptomatic IDE. Objective: To evaluate possible influence of cortical entry of DBS electrodes on symptomatic IDE occurrence in patients from 2014 - 2021. Methods: A total of 575 patients underwent DBS surgery for Parkinson's disease (PD), tremor, dystonia, pain, epilepsia, depression and obsessive compulsive disorder. Symptomatic IDE occurred in 10 PD patients, 4 tremor patients and 1 pain patient (IDE group, representing 27 trajectories). The cortical entry and surrounding edema volume of the trajectories were determined. A group of patients after DBS without IDE (non-IDE consisting of 120 PD patients; 56 tremor patients; 11 pain patients; representing 355 trajectories) was used for comparison. Edema volume was measured using CT. Cortical entry of Brodmann areas 6 (divided in pre-supplementary motor area and supplementary motor area, pre-SMA and SMA), 8 or pre-8 were determined using MRI. Results: Average edema volume was 10 cm3 and 12 cm3 for right and left trajectories, respectively. Cortical entry occurred in 10% and 35% of SMA and pre-SMA respectively. 49% in BA8 and 6% anteriorly to BA8. Cortical entry in the SMA, 17% of the patients developed IDE. 10% in the pre-SMA, 3% in BA8. IDE did not occur when the cortical entry was anterior to area 8. Conclusion: Symptomatic IDE occurred in PD, tremor and pain patients after DBS. In the IDE group Brodmann area 6 was chosen more often as DBS entry compared to the non-IDE group. The more anterior situated cortical areas were less susceptible to developing symptomatic IDE. It seems sensible to avoid area 6 for electrode entry in (PD, tremor and pain) DBS cases. Possibly this area is more susceptible for symptomatic IDE due to its neuronal architecture and contributions in linking cognition to action. ER  - 
Combined pterional burr hole and coagulation of middle meningeal artery for chronic subdural hematoma$$$ Background: ere are many surgical techniques to treat chronic subdural hematomas (CSHs). However, they all have high recurrence rates. Recently, embolization of the middle meningeal artery (MMA) following surgical evacuation of CSH has reduced the recurrence rate. We investigated the feasibility of combining the surgical obliteration of the MMA at the same time as the placement of a burr hole for evacuation of the CSH. Case Description: We report on nine patients who underwent 11 of these combined procedure by the same surgeon in two hospitals, including clinical data and images during the perioperative and postoperative periods. Cardoso had previously reported details of the surgical technique. Two patients underwent bilateral procedures. Two patients had two burr holes because the hematomas did not extend caudally to the pterion, where the MMA enters the calvarium. Intraoperative fluoroscopy was used to locate the point of entry of the MMA into the calvarium in most cases, except in two instances when navigation was utilized. Conclusion: is small series of nine cases suggests the feasibility of using this combined procedure as an additional option to the treatment of CSHs, especially where endovascular treatment might not be readily available. Furthermore, it has the potential advantages of safety, efficacy, avoidance of a second endovascular procedure, faster disappearance of the subdural collection, lesser exposure to radiation, and cost containment. Larger prospective controlled series are needed to identify its potential usefulness. ER  - 
State-dependent effects of responsive neurostimulation depend on seizure localization$$$ Brain-responsive neurostimulation is firmly ensconced among treatment options for drug-resistant focal epilepsy, but over a quarter of patients treated with the RNS System do not experience meaningful seizure reduction. Initial titration of RNS therapy is typically similar for all patients, raising the possibility that treatment response might be enhanced by consideration of patient-specific variables. Indeed, small, single-center studies have yielded preliminary evidence that RNS System effectiveness depends on the brain state during which stimulation is applied. The generalizability of these findings remains unclear, however, and it is unknown whether state-dependent effects of responsive neurostimulation are also stratified by location of the seizure onset zone where stimulation is delivered. We aimed to determine whether state-dependent effects of the RNS System are evident in the large, diverse, multi-center cohort of RNS System clinical trial participants and to test whether these effects differ between mesiotemporal and neocortical epilepsies. Eighty-one of 256 patients who were treated with the RNS System across 31 centers during clinical trials met criteria for inclusion in this retrospective study. Risk states were defined in relation to phases of daily and multi-day cycles of interictal epileptiform activity that are thought to determine seizure likelihood. We found that the probabilities of risk state transitions depended on the stimulation parameter being changed, the starting seizure risk state, and the stimulated brain region. Changes in two commonly adjusted stimulation parameters, charge density and stimulation frequency, produced opposite effects on risk state transitions depending on seizure localization. Greater variance in acute risk state transitions was explained by state-dependent responsive neurostimulation for bipolar stimulation for neocortical epilepsies and for monopolar stimulation for mesiotemporal epilepsies. Variability in effectiveness of RNS System therapy across individuals may relate, at least partly, to the fact that current treatment paradigms do not account fully for fluctuations in brain states or locations of simulation sites. State-dependence of electrical brain stimulation may inform development of next-generation closed-loop devices that can detect changes in brain state and deliver adaptive, localization-specific patterns of stimulation to maximize therapeutic effects. ER  - 
Impact of the US Food and Drug Administration warning regarding increased risk of aortic aneurysms or aortic dissections on fluoroquinolone prescribing trends$$$ Background The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a warning in December 2018 regarding an increased risk of aortic aneurysms and aortic dissections associated with fluoroquinolone (FQ) use. This warning specifically targeted older adults and patients with conditions such as hypertension, Marfan syndrome, Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, atherosclerosis, peripheral vascular disease and history of aneurysms. Objective To evaluate the impact of the safety warning on prescribing trends of FQs in the targeted population. Methods This cross-sectional study with an interrupted time series (ITS) analysis (January 2018–December 2019) used a 25% random sample of IQVIA PharMetrics® Plus for Academics health plan claims database. The impact of the warning on FQ utilisation was quantified among the targeted population and a non-targeted population. Results From 2018 to 2019, both study populations saw a decrease in the year-over-year percent change of FQ prescriptions per 100 000 beneficiaries (−11%, from 14 227 to 12 662, targeted; −15%, from 5227 to 4446, non-targeted) and proportion of FQ use versus other antibiotics (from 15.6% to 13.8%, targeted; from 9.4% to 8%, non-targeted). In the targeted population, the ITS analysis did not show a significant trend change, a change in level or postwarning trend in the monthly rate of FQ prescriptions per 1000 beneficiaries. A positive trend change was observed in the non-targeted population (0.07, <0.01–0.13), but there were no significant changes in level or post-warning trend. Conclusion We did not find a change in FQ prescription rates after the warning. The utility of safety advisories as a primary tool for mitigating FQ use in high-risk populations should be revisited. ER  - 
Transcriptional determinism and stochasticity contribute to the complexity of autism-associated SHANK family genes$$$ Precision of transcription is critical because transcriptional dysregulation is disease causing. Traditional methods of transcriptional profiling are inadequate to elucidate the full spectrum of the transcriptome, particularly for longer and less abundant mRNAs. SHANK3 is one of the most common autism causative genes. Twenty-four Shank3-mutant animal lines have been developed for autism modeling. However, their preclinical validity has been questioned due to incomplete Shank3 transcript structure. We apply an integrative approach combining cDNA-capture and long-read sequencing to profile the SHANK3 transcriptome in humans and mice. We unexpectedly discover an extremely complex SHANK3 transcriptome. Specific SHANK3 transcripts are altered in Shank3-mutant mice and postmortem brain tissues from individuals with autism spectrum disorder. The enhanced SHANK3 transcriptome significantly improves the detection rate for potential deleterious variants from genomics studies of neuropsychiatric disorders. Our findings suggest that both deterministic and stochastic transcription of the genome is associated with SHANK family genes. ER  - 
Anti-contact protein-associated protein 2 antibody encephalitis in children: A case report$$$ BACKGROUND Anti-contactin-associated protein-like 2 (CASPR2) antibody encephalitis is an autoimmune disorder characterized by the presence of antibodies against the voltage-gated potassium channel. This leads to neurological symptoms, such as seizures, cognitive decline, and neuropathic pain, primarily affecting the limbic system. The prognosis of this disorder varies among individuals. CASE SUMMARY The patient, a girl aged nine years and nine months, underwent treatment for 14 to 21 d. The main clinical manifestations were vomiting and unclear consciousness, positive pathological signs, normal cranial computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging, and abnormal electroencephalogram. The child was discharged after receiving immunoglobulin and hormone treatment. Subsequent follow-up over a period of 15 months after discharge, conducted through telephone and outpatient visits, showed no recurrence of symptoms. CONCLUSION Anti-CASPR2 antibody autoimmune encephalitis in children is rare, mainly manifested as convulsions, mental abnormalities, cognitive impairment, and neuropathic pain, among others. Timely evaluation for autoimmune encephalitis antibodies is crucial, especially in cases of recurrent central nervous system involvement in children. ER  - 
Perampanel in post-stroke epilepsy: Clinical practice data from the PERampanel as Only Concomitant antiseizure medication (PEROC) study$$$ Introduction: Post-stroke epilepsy (PSE) is one of the most common causes of acquired epilepsy. Nevertheless, there is limited evidence regarding the clinical profile of antiseizure medications (ASMs) in PSE. This study aims to evaluate the 12-month effectiveness and tolerability of perampanel (PER) used as only add-on treatment in patients with PSE in a real-world setting. Methods: We performed a subgroup analysis of PSE patients included in a previous retrospective, longitudinal, multicentre observational study on adults. Treatment discontinuation, seizure frequency and adverse events were collected at 3, 6 and 12 months. Sub-analyses by early (≤1 previous ASM) or late PER add-on were also conducted. Results: Our analysis included 56 individuals with PSE, characterized by varying initial treatment modalities and timeframes relative to disease onset. We found notable retention rates (92.8%, 83.7%, and 69% at 3, 6, and 12 months), with treatment withdrawal mainly due to poor tolerability. One year after PER introduction, seizure frequency significantly reduced, with a responder rate (≥50% reduction) of 83.9% and a seizure-free rate of 51.6%. Adverse events occurred in 25 (46.3%) patients, mainly dizziness, irritability, and behavioural disorders. No major statistical differences were found between early (30 patients, 53.6%) and late add-on groups, except for a higher 6-month responder rate in the early add-on group. Conclusion: Adjunctive PER was effective and well-tolerated in patients with PSE in a real-world setting. Perampanel demonstrated good efficacy and safety as both early and late add-on treatment, making it a compelling option for this unique patient population. ER  - 
Pediatric Autoimmune Encephalitis: A Nationwide Study in Latvia$$$ Background Autoimmune encephalitis (AE) is the third most common encephalitis in children. Diagnosis can be challenging due to overlapping and diverse clinical presentations as well as various investigation results. This study aims to characterize the clinical, diagnostic features, as well as treatment and outcomes of AE in children and determine the incidence of pediatric AE in Latvia. Methods The study was conducted at the Children’s Clinical University Hospital in Riga. The study participants were patients under the age of 18 years diagnosed with AE from 2014 to 2022. Data regarding clinical characteristics, investigation findings, treatment strategy, and outcomes were retrospectively collected from the medical history data system. Results We included 18 pediatric patients diagnosed with AE. The mean incidence of pediatric AE in Latvia was 0.56 per 100,000 children. Most patients (66.6%) had seronegative AE. In the seropositive group, the most common was anti-methyl-Daspartate receptor AE, with two patients having other antibodies. The most prevalent clinical features were personality change, cognitive impairment, autonomic dysfunction, and movement disorders. The majority of patients (58.8%) received first-line treatment only. More than half (55.6%) of our AE patient group had long-term sequelae. Conclusions Our study shows that the pediatric AE incidence in Latvia is similar to what has been previously reported in other studies. A relatively high proportion of seronegative AE was present in our cohort, indicating that awareness of possible misdiagnosis should be raised. Further research is needed to better understand the underlying mechanisms, characterize clinical features, and determine the treatment of choice in different situations to improve long-term outcomes. ER  - 
Methylphenidate Versus Placebo for Treating Fatigue in Patients With Advanced Cancer: Randomized, Double-Blind, Multicenter, Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ PURPOSETo compare effects and side effects of 6 weeks of individually dose-titrated methylphenidate or placebo on fatigue in palliative care patients with advanced cancer.METHODSThis is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial. Eligible patients had advanced incurable cancer and fatigue >3/10. Principal exclusions were hypertension; psychiatric, cardiovascular, cerebrovascular, renal, liver, or blood disorders; substance dependency; and epilepsy. Patients were randomly assigned 1:1 methylphenidate or placebo starting at 5 mg twice daily. Dose of methylphenidate/placebo was titrated once per week, over 6 weeks, up to a maximum of 20 mg three times daily. Trial ended at 10 weeks. Primary outcome was the difference in Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy Fatigue (FACIT-F) scores between groups at 6 ± 2 weeks. Secondary outcomes included adverse effects, quality of life, and mood.RESULTSOne hundred sixty-two patients (73 men; mean, 65.8; standard deviation [SD], 10.3 years) were randomly assigned, and three were excluded from analysis. Seventy-seven were allocated placebo (baseline FACIT-F = 22 [SD, 10]); 82 were allocated methylphenidate (FACIT-F = 20 [SD, 9]). After 6 ± 2 weeks, FACIT-F scores were 1.97 points (95% CI, -0.95 to 4.90; P =.186) higher (better) on methylphenidate than placebo. Across 10 weeks of the study, FACIT-F was nominally higher in the methylphenidate group versus placebo (Diff, 2.20 [95% CI, 0.39 to 4.01]), but this did not reach the minimally clinically important difference (5-points). At 6 weeks, there were no differences between groups in quality-of-life or symptom domains except for depression scores (nominally reduced in the methylphenidate group: Diff, -1.35 [95% CI, -2.41 to -0.30]). There were no differences in mortality or serious adverse events.CONCLUSIONAfter 6 ± 2 weeks of treatment, methylphenidate was not superior to placebo for treating fatigue in advanced cancer. Methylphenidate was safe and well-tolerated. ER  - 
Treatment outcomes in the inpatient management of severe functional neurological disorder: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Background Functional neurological disorder (FND) is a heterogeneous condition; severe forms can be disabling. Multidisciplinary treatment and rehabilitation are recommended for severe FND, but there remains a lack of evidence for its efficacy and lack of understanding of the predictors and components of recovery. Methods We report clinical outcome data for an inpatient cohort with severe FND. Clinical Global Impression Improvement with treatment is the primary outcome measure. Admission and discharge measures (Euroqol quality of life measures, Beck Depression Inventory, Spielberger Trait Anxiety Inventory, Cambridge Depersonalisation Scale, Illness Perception Questionnaire (Revised) and Functional Mobility Scale) are reported as secondary outcomes. Results We describe an FND cohort (n=52) with chronic illness (mean symptom duration 9.7 years). At admission, there were clinically relevant levels of depression, anxiety and depersonalisation derealisation. At the time of discharge, most (43/52) patients' global condition had improved. Measures of mobility, depression and quality of life also significantly improved while at discharge, symptoms were experienced as more understandable and less distressing than at admission. An admission measure of patient confidence in treatment was predictive of eventual clinical outcome. Conclusions The most frequent outcome of inpatient rehabilitation is global improvement, even when symptoms are chronic and severe, reflected in measurable changes in both physical and psychological functioning. Significant levels of depersonalisation derealisation seen in this patient group suggest that routine enquiry into such experiences could help personalise FND treatment approaches. Patient confidence in treatment is key in determining clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Daridorexant treatment for chronic insomnia: a real-world retrospective single-center study$$$ Introduction: Chronic insomnia disorder (CID) significantly impacts well-being and daily functioning. Daridorexant, a double orexin receptor blocker, has shown efficacy in randomized clinical trials and has been recently approved for the treatment of CID in adult patients. This retrospective observational study aimed to describe real-world data on daridorexant effectiveness and safety in adult patients with CID. Methods: Consecutive patients initiating on-label daridorexant at the Sleep Medicine Centre, University Hospital of Rome Tor Vergata were enrolled. Baseline and 30-day follow-up (FU) evaluations included patients’ and CID characteristics, comorbidities, and clinicians’ and patients’ subjective ratings of changes with the Clinical and Patient Global Impression-Improvement scores (CGI-Is and PGI-Is), as well as Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) scores in a subgroup of patients. Results: Sixty-nine patients initiated 50-mg daily dosage. At FU, 58% of both patients and clinicians rated CID as improved on CGI-Is and PGI-Is, with no differences based on comorbidities, sex, or number of previous medications. No significant predictors of CGI-Is and PGI-Is improvement were identified. At FU, ISI scores (n = 24) significantly decreased from 18.25 ± 3.21 to 12.08 ± 6.12 (Z = 8.000; p < 0.001). Of these, eight patients (33.3%) had absence of insomnia symptoms, and no patients reported a worsening in ISI score categories. Conclusions: This study suggests daridorexant to be effective and safe in real-world CID treatment whether used as a first-ever treatment, switch, or add-on, as reflected by subjective and objective measures and the absence of serious treatment-related adverse events. Future research on larger cohorts should explore daridorexant potential across diverse patient characteristics. ER  - 
Clinical and video-polysomnographic characterization of restless sleep disorder in adult patients$$$ Adults with restless sleep disorder (RSD) have never been studied clinically and polysomnographically. This study aimed to describe the clinical manifestation, duration, and distribution of sleep-related movements in adult patients with restless sleep disorder. Patients who had performed VPSG from Jan 2021 to Jan 2022 and met the diagnosis criteria of RSD were enrolled in the study. Patients’ bed partners were also interviewed or telephoned in identifying this disorder. Scoring of movements during sleep was according to the diagnosis criteria of RSD and scoring of large muscle group movements during sleep proposed by the International RLS Study Group in 2020 and 2021, respectively. The clinical manifestation, the distribution of sleep stage as well as the types and duration of the movements were carefully recorded and analyzed. We included ten patients in the study with a mean age of 27.6 years (range 22–38). There was a male prevalence in adults with RSD. The study highlighted the findings from video-polysomnography, which indicated frequent sleep-related movements occurring throughout the Night. These movements were most prominent during N1 and N2 sleep stage, followed by REM sleep, while fewer movements were observed during N3 sleep. Adults with RSD experienced significant daytime functioning impairments, including non-refreshing sleep, daytime fatigue/sleepiness, and mood disturbance. Two of the patients in the study were diagnosed with anxiety and depression, further underscoring the impact of RSD on mental health. Adult patients also suffer from severe RSD, and the RSD that originates in childhood tends to persist into adulthood. In these cases, longer duration of the disease and poor sleep quality may be associated with an increased risk of developing psychiatric comorbidities. Our cases represent an objectively documented type of RSD in younger adult patients. ER  - 
A silent scream in the pediatric emergency department: child abuse and neglect$$$ Child abuse and neglect includes any behavior that harms the child or hinders the child’s development. The aim of this study was to determine the demographic and clinical characteristics of patients with suspected child abuse or neglect in the pediatric emergency department. Between July 2017 and July 2022, patients admitted to our pediatric emergency department and consulted to the medical social services unit with a preliminary diagnosis of neglect and/or abuse were retrospectively scanned through the registry system. The patients were divided into five groups according to their victimization: physical, sexual, and emotional abuse; neglect; and medical child abuse (MCA)—Munchausen by proxy. A total of 371 children were included in the study. Two hundred twenty-two (59.8%) of the patients were female and the median age was 161 months [IQR (46–192)]. Then, 56.3% of the patients were in the adolescent age group. The most common admission time period was between 16.00 and 24.00 (n 163, 43.9%). Then, 24.2% of the patients were exposed to physical abuse, 8.8% to sexual abuse, 26.1% to emotional abuse, 50.4% to neglect, and 3.2% to MCA. One hundred eight (29.1%) patients were followed up as inpatients in the pediatric intensive care unit. Four of the patients (1%) had out-of-hospital cardiac arrest, and the deaths were in patients under 2 years of age. Conclusion: Pediatric emergency departments are one of the important units visited by child maltreatment patients. Victimized children may reflect their silent screams with various clinical presentations. Infants are at the greatest risk of suffering serious or fatal injuries. Health professionals working in the emergency department have an important role in detecting, treating, and preventing recurrence of child neglect and abuse. (Table presented.) ER  - 
Which parameters influence cognitive, psychiatric and long-term seizure outcome in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy after selective amygdalohippocampectomy?$$$ Background: We aimed to analyze potentially prognostic factors which could have influence on postoperative seizure, neuropsychological and psychiatric outcome in a cohort of patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE) due to hippocampal sclerosis (HS) after selective amygdalohippocampectomy (SAHE) via transsylvian approach. Methods: Clinical variables of 171 patients with drug-resistant MTLE with HS (88 females) who underwent SAHE between 1994 and 2019 were evaluated using univariable and multivariable logistic regression models, to investigate which of the explanatory parameters can best predict the outcome. Results: At the last available follow-up visit 12.3 ± 6.3 years after surgery 114 patients (67.9%) were seizure-free. Left hemispheric MTLE was associated with worse postoperative seizure outcome at first year after surgery (OR = 0.54, p = 0.01), female sex—with seizure recurrence at years 2 (OR = 0.52, p = 0.01) and 5 (OR = 0.53, p = 0.025) and higher number of preoperative antiseizure medication trials—with seizure recurrence at year 2 (OR = 0.77, p = 0.0064), whereas patients without history of traumatic brain injury had better postoperative seizure outcome at first year (OR = 2.08, p = 0.0091). All predictors lost their predictive value in long-term course. HS types had no prognostic influence on outcome. Patients operated on right side performed better in verbal memory compared to left (VLMT 1-5 p < 0.001, VLMT 7 p = 0.001). Depression occurred less frequently in seizure-free patients compared to non-seizure-free patients (BDI-II Z = − 2.341, p = 0.019). Conclusions: SAHE gives an improved chance of achieving good postoperative seizure, psychiatric and neuropsychological outcome in patients with in MTLE due to HS. Predictors of short-term outcome don’t predict long-term outcome. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric complications of coronavirus disease 2019: Mount Sinai Health System cohort study$$$ Objective: To describe the frequency of neuropsychiatric complications among hospitalized patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) and their association with pre-existing comorbidities and clinical outcomes. Methods: We retrospectively identified all patients hospitalized with COVID-19 within a large multicenter New York City health system between March 15, 2020 and May 17, 2021 and randomly selected a representative cohort for detailed chart review. Clinical data, including the occurrence of neuropsychiatric complications (categorized as either altered mental status [AMS] or other neuropsychiatric complications) and in-hospital mortality, were extracted using an electronic medical record database and individual chart review. Associations between neuropsychiatric complications, comorbidities, laboratory findings, and in-hospital mortality were assessed using multivariate logistic regression. Results: Our study cohort consisted of 974 patients, the majority were admitted during the first wave of the pandemic. Patients were treated with anticoagulation (88.4%), glucocorticoids (24.8%), and remdesivir (10.5%); 18.6% experienced severe COVID-19 pneumonia (evidenced by ventilator requirement). Neuropsychiatric complications occurred in 58.8% of patients; 39.8% experienced AMS; and 19.0% experienced at least one other complication (seizures in 1.4%, ischemic stroke in 1.6%, hemorrhagic stroke in 1.0%) or symptom (headache in 11.4%, anxiety in 6.8%, ataxia in 6.3%). Higher odds of mortality, which occurred in 22.0%, were associated with AMS, ventilator support, increasing age, and higher serum inflammatory marker levels. Anticoagulant therapy was associated with lower odds of mortality and AMS. Conclusion: Neuropsychiatric complications of COVID-19, especially AMS, were common, varied, and associated with in-hospital mortality in a diverse multicenter cohort at an epicenter of the COVID-19 pandemic. ER  - 
Perampanel as monotherapy or first adjunctive therapy in pediatric and adult patients with epilepsy: the first United States-based phase IV open-label ELEVATE study$$$ ELEVATE (Study 410; NCT03288129) is the first prospective, multicenter, open-label, Phase IV study of perampanel as monotherapy or first adjunctive therapy in patients aged ≥ 4 years with focal-onset seizures or generalized tonic–clonic seizures in the United States. The study included Screening, Titration (≤ 13 weeks), Maintenance (39 weeks), and Follow-up (4 weeks) Periods. During Titration, perampanel was initiated at 2 mg/day and up-titrated to 4 mg/day at Week 3. Depending on response and tolerability, optional up-titrations to a maximum of 12 mg/day occurred. The primary endpoint was retention rate; additional endpoints included seizure-freedom rate, 50% responder rate, and incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). At baseline, 10 (18.5%) patients were assigned to the monotherapy group and 44 (81.5%) patients to the first adjunctive therapy group. However, due to the addition of an anti-seizure medication along with perampanel on the first day of treatment, one patient was excluded from the monotherapy subgroup analyses. The mean perampanel exposure duration was 39.8 weeks and 32 (59.3%) patients completed the study. Retention rate at 12 months (or study completion) was 63.0% (monotherapy, 77.8%; first adjunctive therapy, 59.1%). Seizure-freedom rate during the Maintenance Period was 32.7% (monotherapy, 44.4%; first adjunctive therapy, 29.5%) and the 50% responder rate was 78.7% (monotherapy, 85.7%; first adjunctive therapy, 76.9%). TEAEs and serious TEAEs were reported by 88.9% (n = 48/54) and 7.4% (n = 4/54) of patients, respectively. Overall, the efficacy and safety of perampanel as monotherapy or first adjunctive therapy support the use of perampanel as early-line treatment for epilepsy. ER  - 
Stimulus-related modulation in the 1/f spectral slope suggests an impaired inhibition during a working memory task in people with multiple sclerosis$$$ Background: An imbalance of excitatory and inhibitory synaptic transmission in multiple sclerosis (MS) may lead to cognitive impairment, such as impaired working memory. The 1/f slope of electroencephalography/magnetoencephalography (EEG/MEG) power spectra is shown to be a non-invasive proxy of excitation/inhibition balance. A flatter slope is associated with higher excitation/lower inhibition. Objectives: To assess the 1/f slope modulation induced by stimulus and its association with behavioral and cognitive measures. Methods: We analyzed MEG recordings of 38 healthy controls (HCs) and 79 people with multiple sclerosis (pwMS) while performing an n-back task including target and distractor stimuli. Target trials require an answer, while distractor trials do not. We computed the 1/f spectral slope through the fitting oscillations and one over f (FOOOF) algorithm within the time windows 1 second before and after each stimulus presentation. Results: We observed a flatter 1/f slope after distractor stimuli in pwMS compared to HCs. The 1/f slope was significantly steeper after stimulus for both HCs and pwMS and was significantly correlated with reaction times. This modulation in 1/f slope was significantly correlated with visuospatial memory assessed by the BVMT-R test. Conclusion: Our results suggest possible inhibitory mechanism deficits in pwMS during a working memory task. ER  - 
Clinical and serological insights into paraneoplastic brachial amyotrophic diplegia$$$ Background: Brachial amyotrophic diplegia (BAD) is typically linked to a neurodegenerative etiology such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Clinical and serological characterizations of paraneoplastic neurologic syndromes resembling BAD are limited. Methods: A retrospective chart review of patients with BAD-like presentations was conducted. Clinical/paraclinical features of paraneoplastic BAD and neurodegenerative BAD cases were compared. Results: Between 2017 and 2023, 13 cases of BAD were identified, of these 10 were neurodegenerative BAD (ALS variant), and 3 cases associated with paraneoplastic autoimmunity. An additional paraneoplastic BAD case diagnosed in 2005 was included. LUZP4-IgG was detected in all four paraneoplastic cases, with coexisting KLHL11-IgG in three cases and ANNA1 (anti-Hu)-IgG in one case. Out of the four paraneoplastic cases, two patients had seminoma, while the remaining two had limited cancer investigation. Three patients exhibited bi-brachial weakness as the initial symptom before the onset of brainstem symptoms or seizures. Compared to BAD patients with a neurodegenerative etiology, a higher proportion of paraneoplastic cases had ataxia (75% vs 0%, p = 0.011). Other clinical features only detected in the paraneoplastic BAD group were vertigo (n = 2), hearing loss (n = 2) and ophthalmoplegia (n = 2). Electrodiagnostic studies in these patients revealed cervical myotome involvement, supportive of motor neuronopathy. All paraneoplastic cases but none of the neurodegenerative BAD cases exhibited inflammatory cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) findings (lymphocytic pleocytosis and/or supernumerary oligoclonal bands; p = 0.067). Despite the administration of immunotherapy and/or cancer treatment, none of the paraneoplastic patients reported clinical improvement. Discussion: BAD or bi-brachial neurogenic weakness is a rare phenotypic presentation associated with paraneoplastic autoimmunity. Co-existing features of brainstem dysfunction or cerebellar ataxia should prompt further paraneoplastic evaluation. Common serological and cancer associations among these cases include LUZP4-IgG and KLHL11-IgG, along with testicular germ cell tumors, respectively. ER  - 
The impact of SARS-CoV-2 in Greece$$$ OBJECTIVE To quantitatively and qualitatively explore the emergency calls received by the National Center of Emergency Care (Greek acronym: EKAB) in the region of Attica for the period 2019–2021. METHOD Retrospective descriptive analysis of the database recording calls to EKAB for the peri-pandemic and pandemic period. RESULTS The average number of calls per year was 350,000, two thirds of which resulted in the further use of emergency services. In the first year of the pandemic crisis (2020), calls decreased by 14% compared to 2019. During the first lockdown calls decreased by 33%. Considerable reductions were observed for calls related to trauma and motor vehicle accidents (21%) and cardiovascular events (22%). The proportion of calls resulting in refusals of transportation to hospital increased. Moreover, calls for “psychiatric/suicide attempts” increased in 2020. CONCLUSIONS This was the first study using real-world data to explore the response of EKAB to the demand for emergency medical services (EMS) before and during the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic crisis. The study shed light to the composition of demand and the changes induced by SARS-CoV-2. The findings were consistent with the reported experience of other emergency services across the world. ER  - 
ASSESSMENT OF PRESCRIPTION TRENDS, QUALITY OF LIFE, AND ADVERSE DRUG REACTIONS IN MIGRAINE MANAGEMENT: A CROSS-SECTIONAL STUDY AT A TERTIARY CARE TEACHING HOSPITAL$$$ Objective: To assess the prescription patterns in migraine patients, evaluate the impact of migraine on their quality of life, and identify and report any adverse drug reactions (ADRs). Background: Migraine is a common neurological illness characterized by the release of inflammatory chemicals in the brain, leading to pain in the cranial area. It predominantly affects individuals between the ages of 35 and 45, with a higher incidence among females. Various symptoms, such as nausea, vomiting, and sensitivity to light and sound, are observed in migraine patients. The exact cause of migraines is unknown, but factors like genetic predisposition, hormonal influences, and lifestyle triggers play a role. Methodology: A cross-sectional observational study was conducted at Parul Sevashram Hospital over a 10 months. In this study patients were enrolled form the inpatients and outpatient department of neurology to assess the prescription patterns, quality of life, and adverse drug reactions (ADRs) among migraine patients. Data was collected from patients' case sheets and prescriptions. The HIT-6 scale and Migraine Specific Quality of Life (MSQoL) Questionnaire were used to evaluate quality of life, and ADRs were recorded using the CDSCO reporting form. Results: A total of 153 patients with migraine were included in the study, with a higher The age group of 26-40 years had the highest number of migraine patients (41%). Naproxen and Domperidone were the most frequently prescribed drugs, accounting for 86.27% of all prescriptions, followed closely by Flunarizine (54.90%) in preventive treatment. Conclusion: This study highlights the higher prevalence of migraines among females, emphasizing the need for gender-specific management strategies. Common prescriptions include naproxen, domperidone, and flunarizine, with NSAIDs and antiemetics prevailing. Quality of life assessments show moderate scores, varying by age, gender, and pain intensity, with males reporting higher scores in certain domains, suggesting gender-specific coping mechanisms. The findings underscore the complexity of migraine management and advocate for personalized approaches tailored to individual patient needs. ER  - 
Erratum to: “A multicenter randomized controlled trial of medium-chain triglyceride dietary supplementation on epilepsy in dogs”, (J Vet Intern Med, (2020), 34, 3, (1248-1259), 10.1111/jvim.15756)$$$ The conflict of interest declaration was missing information about two authors. The missing information is shown below: Andrea Tipold serves as Associate Editor for the Journal of Veterinary Internal Medicine. She was not involved in review of this manuscript. Holger Volk in last 5 years served as contract researcher for: Nestle 2012-2014 and 2017-2020—dietary modification of epilepsy in dogs; Boehringer Ingelheim 2014-2015—investigating the effects of imepitoin behavioral, physiologic and owner reported indicators of anxiety in dogs treated for idiopathic epilepsy; CASE BBSRC PhD studentship 2012-2016—metabolic profiling of epilepsy in dogs; American Kennel Club American Health Foundation 2016-2020—Investigating the Effect of a Ketogenic Medium Chain Triglycerides Supplement on the treatment of Canine Idiopathic Epilepsy and its behavioral comorbidities; BBSRC 2017-2020—Investigating the relationship between epilepsy, drug-resistance and affective disorders in the domestic dog BB/P001874/1; provided continuous education for veterinary surgeons sponsored by Nestle, Boehringer Ingelheim and Virbac in the last 5 years. The authors did not allow any bias from any of these conflicts of interest to affect the design, analysis or writing of the paper. ER  - 
Efficacy and Side Effects of Mixed-Strategy Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Proof-of-Concept Randomized Clinical Trial on Late Life Depression$$$ Objective Patients with late life depression sometimes refuse to receive electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) owing to its adverse reactions. To alleviate patient’s resistance, a novel ECT stimulation strategy named mixed-strategy ECT (msECT) was designed in which patients are administered conventional ECT during the first three sessions, followed by low energy stimulation during the subsequent sessions. However, whether low energy electrical stimulation in the subsequent stage of therapy affect its efficacy and reduce adverse reactions in patients with late life depression remains unknown. To explore differences between msECT and regular ECT(RECT) with respect to clinical efficacy and side effects Methods This randomized, controlled trial was conducted from 2019 to 2021 on 60 patients with late life depression who were randomly assigned to two groups: RECT or msECT. A generalized estimating equation (GEE) was used to compare the two stimulation strategies regarding their efficacy and side effects on cognition. Chi-squared test was used to compare side effects in the two strategies. Results In the intent-to-treat group, the GEE model suggested no differences between-group difference in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 score over time (Wald χ2=7.275, p=0.064), whereas the comparison of side effects in the two strategies favored msECT (Wald χ2=8.463, p=0.015) as fewer patients had adverse events during the second phase of treatment with msECT (χ2=13.467, p=0.004). Conclusion msECT presents its similar efficacy to RECT. msECT may have milder side effects on cognition. ER  - 
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the right inferior parietal lobe on the body image perception in anorexia nervosa: A pilot randomized controlled study$$$ Introduction: Restrictive anorexia nervosa (AN) is associated with distorted perception of body shape, previously linked to hypoactivity and reduced excitability of the right inferior parietal lobe (rIPL). Here, we investigated the impact of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF rTMS) of the rIPL on body shape perception in patients with AN. Methods: Seventeen patients with AN (median [Q1_Q3] age, 35 [27_39] years; disease duration, 12 [6_18] years) were randomly assigned to receive real or sham HF (10 Hz) rTMS of the rIPL over a period of 2 weeks, comprising 10 sessions. The primary outcome measure was the Body Shape Questionnaire (BSQ). Secondary outcomes included eating disorder symptoms, body mass index, mood, anxiety, and safety. Data collection were done at baseline, post-rTMS, and at 2 weeks and 3 months post-rTMS. Results: Following both real and sham rTMS of the rIPL, no significant differences were observed in body shape perception or other parameters. Both real and sham rTMS interventions were deemed safe and well tolerated. Notably, serious adverse events were associated with the underlying eating and mood disorders, resulting in hospitalization for undernutrition (five patients) or suicidal attempts (two patients). Conclusion: This pilot study does not support the use of rTMS of the rIPL as an effective method for improving body shape perception in individuals with the restrictive form of AN. Further research is warranted to comprehensively explore both the clinical and neurophysiological effects of HF rTMS in this population. ER  - 
The Association of Gabapentin Initiation with Cognitive and Behavioral Changes in Older Adults with Cognitive Impairment: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Background: Although gabapentin has been increasingly prescribed to older adults, the relation between gabapentin initiation and longer-term neurocognitive changes is not well understood. Thus, this study aimed to examine the association of gabapentin initiation with cognitive and motor function decline in older adult participants with cognitive impairment. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using the National Alzheimer’s Coordinating Center Uniform Data Set (2005–March 2023). Participants with cognitive impairment at the visit of gabapentin initiation (i.e., index visit) were included. Using the incidence density sampling method, up to nine non-users were randomly selected for each initiator. Cognitive decline over 1 year was defined as any increase in Clinical Dementia Rating global score (CDR®GLOB) or a 1-point increase in CDR® sum of boxes (CDR®SB). Functional status decline over 1 year was defined as at least a 3-point increase in the Functional Activities Questionnaire (FAQ) sum or a 0.3-point increase of mean of FAQ. Motoric decline over 1 year was defined as new clinician reports of gait disorder, falls, and slowness. To mitigate confounding and selection bias, joint stabilized inverse probability of treatment weights and censoring weights were used. Analyses compared index with index + 1 and index + 2 visits. Results: For the study of cognitive and functional status decline, we included 505 initiators (mean age [SD] 78.8 [7.4]; male = 45%) and 4545 non-users (79.2 [7.6]; 50.1%). For the study of motor decline, we included 353 initiators (78.3 [7.2]; 42.8%) and 3177 non-users (78.5 [7.4]; 48.1%). Gabapentin initiation was not statistically associated with decline on CDR®GLOB, CDR®SB, FAQ sum, or mean FAQ at the index + 1 or index + 2 visits. However, gabapentin initiation was significantly associated with increased odds of new falls at the index + 2 visit (odds ratio [95% confidence interval] 2.5 [1.3, 4.6]). Conclusions: Over 1 or 2 years of follow-up, gabapentin initiation was not associated with decline in cognitive or functional status but was associated with increased odds of falling among research participants with cognitive impairment. ER  - 
Dalzanemdor (SAGE-718), a novel, investigational N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor positive allosteric modulator: Safety, tolerability, and clinical pharmacology in randomized dose-finding studies in healthy participants and an open-label study in participants with Huntington's disease$$$ N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR)-positive allosteric modulators (PAMs) represent a potential therapeutic strategy for cognitive impairment in disorders associated with NMDAR hypofunction, including Huntington's disease (HD) and Alzheimer's disease. Dalzanemdor (SAGE-718) is a novel, investigational NMDAR PAM being evaluated for the potential treatment of cognitive impairment in these disorders. We report first-in-human, phase I, double-blind, dose-finding studies to assess the safety, tolerability, and clinical pharmacology of dalzanemdor. A single-ascending dose study (dalzanemdor 0.35, 0.75, 1.5, or 3.0 mg vs. placebo) was conducted in healthy participants and included food effects. A multiple-ascending dose study (14 days) was conducted in healthy participants (dalzanemdor 0.5 or 1.0 mg vs. placebo) and HD participants (open-label dalzanemdor 1.0 mg) and included exploratory pharmacodynamics on cognitive performance. Dalzanemdor was generally well tolerated with no adverse events leading to discontinuation. Dalzanemdor exhibited pharmacokinetic parameters appropriate for once-daily dosing. Following single and multiple doses in healthy participants, median terminal half-life was 8–118 h, and the median time to reach maximum plasma concentration was 4–7 h. Exposures were dose-proportional after single dose (6–46 ng/mL) and more than dose-proportional after multiple doses (6–41 ng/mL). With multiple dosing, a steady state was achieved after 11 days in healthy participants and 13 days in HD participants. Dalzanemdor exposure decreased slightly with food. In HD participants, results suggest that dalzanemdor may improve cognitive performance on tests of executive function. These results support continued clinical development of dalzanemdor for the potential treatment of cognitive impairment in disorders of NMDAR hypofunction. ER  - 
Oral health assessment of epilepsy patients from a tertiary hospital in Asia$$$ Introduction: Oral health problems are frequently overlooked in patients with epilepsy. We evaluate the oral health status of epilepsy patients from a tertiary teaching hospital. Materials and Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study of epilepsy patients from the neurology clinic, Hospital Canselor Tuanku Muhriz, Kuala Lumpur. The dental assessment included the decayed, missing and filled teeth (DMFT) criteria, as well as the plaque and periodontal status by dentists. Results: A total of 151 patients were recruited. The median age of onset of epilepsy was 16 (IQR 7-30) years, with generalised seizures at 59.6% and focal seizures in 40.4% of patients. Fair or poor oral health was present in 59 (39.1%) and gingivitis was seen in 65 (43%). The median DMFT decayed (D), missing (M) and filled teeth (FT) was 3 (IQR 1-7). The median age of patients with fair or poor oral health was older (40 years, IQR 31-51) than the patients with excellent or good oral health (33 years, IQR 26-45), (p=0.014). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that carbamazepine (Odds Ratios, OR: 3.694; 95% Confidence Intervals, 95%CI: 1.314, 10.384) and hypertension (OR 6.484; 95%CI: 1.011, 41.594) are the risk factors for fair or poor oral health. Phenytoin use is 4.271 times more likely to develop gingivitis (OR 4.271; 95% CI: 1.252, 14.573). Conclusion: Factors that contribute to fair or poor oral health include age, antiseizure medications like phenytoin and carbamazepine, and hypertension. Effective preventive strategies should be implemented to maintain oral health in epilepsy patients. ER  - 
A Four-Wave Cross-Lagged Study of Exposure to Violent Contexts, Cognitive Distortions, and School Bullying during Adolescence$$$ School bullying represents a widespread expression of violence in the peer context. Guided by the social-ecological model, this study investigated the longitudinal and transactional pathways linking domestic and neighborhood/community violence exposure (through direct victimization and witnessing), self-serving cognitive distortions (CDs), and school bullying perpetration. Furthermore, consistent with the previous literature, we tested the cognitive desensitization process that could develop in response to chronically violent contexts. Two four-wave cross-lagged panel mediation models were tested in a sample of 778 high school students (28.1% males; Mage [Time 1; T1] = 14.20, SD = 0.58). The results showed differential effects of multiple contexts and forms of violence exposure, with domestic violence victimization and community violence witnessing being associated with self-serving CDs and bullying perpetration over time. Moreover, significant associations between CDs and bullying perpetration over time were found, with bidirectional effects for each of these longitudinal patterns. Finally, self-serving CDs significantly mediated the relationships between both domestic violence victimization and community violence witnessing and school bullying perpetration. These findings highlight the need to consider school bullying as a social phenomenon stemming from a complex and bidirectional interplay between individuals and the environments they inhabit, confirming a basic postulate that “violence breeds violence”. ER  - 
Prevalence of cranial autonomic symptoms in frequent episodic tension-type headache: A post hoc analysis of the cross-sectional Migraine in Poland study$$$ Background. Cranial autonomic symptoms (CASs) include lacrimation, con-junctival injection, rhinorrhea, nasal congestion, facial flushing or sweating, ptosis, and myosis. These symptoms may be associated with trigeminal auto-nomic cephalalgias (TACs) and migraine. Objectives. The aim of the study was to assess whether CASs are also reported by patients with frequent episodic tension-type headache (eTTH). Material and methods. A cross-sectional online survey of a large Polish population was conducted between August 2021 and June 2022. The analysis assessed diagnostic criteria for migraine and eTTH, as well as the presence of allodynia, headache-related disability and symptoms of depression. Results. The survey involved 3,225 respondents (age: 13–80 years, mean (M) = 38.9 years; 87.1% female). A total of 166 individuals met the diagnostic criteria for isolated frequent eTTH without migraine or probable migraine with or without aura. Allodynia was present during the majority of attacks in 40 (24.1%) eTTH subjects, while 86 (51.8%) eTTH respondents reported at least 1 CAS during their headache attacks. The presence of at least 1 CAS was more prevalent in migraine than in eTTH (p = 0.001). The respondents with at least 1 CAS during eTTH attacks reported a higher burden associated with pain (p = 0.024) and higher Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) scores (p = 0.016). Conclusions. The prevalence of retrospectively reported CASs was high among individuals with eTTH, which may potentially contribute to diagnostic errors. Cranial autonomic symptoms in eTTH do not appear to be caused by severe pain or central sensitization. ER  - 
Psychiatric complications following SEEG-guided radiofrequency thermocoagulations in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ SEEG-guided radiofrequency thermocoagulation (RF-TC) in the epileptogenic regions is a therapeutic option for patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy who may have or not indication for epilepsy surgery. The most common adverse events of RF-TC are seizures, headaches, somatic pain, and sensory-motor deficits. If RF-TC could lead to psychiatric complications is unknown. In the present study, seven out of 164 patients (4.2 %) experienced psychiatric decompensation with or without memory deterioration after RF-TC of bilateral or unilateral amygdala and hippocampus. The appearance of symptoms was either acute, subacute, or chronic and the symptoms were either transient or lasted for several months. Common features among these patients were female sex, mesial temporal epilepsy, and a pre-existing history of psychological distress and memory dysfunction. Our study highlights the possibility of neuropsychiatric deterioration in specific patients following SEEG-guided RF-TC, despite its rarity. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms and activity engagement in autistic adolescents and those with other developmental disabilities$$$ Background: Autistic adults and those with other developmental disabilities (DD) have increased depressive symptoms and decreased activity engagement when compared to those with no DD. Few studies explore activities related to depressive symptoms in autistic people and those with other DD during adolescence. Objective: The objectives of this analysis were to describe depressive symptoms and activity engagement among autistic adolescents and those with other DD and no DD and explore types of activities associated with depressive symptoms, stratified by study group. Methods: Parents of adolescents completed a multi-site case-control study of autism and other DD when their child was 2–5 years of age and a follow-up survey when their child was 12–16 years of age. Questions asked about the adolescent's current diagnoses, depressive symptoms (i.e., diagnosis, medication use, or symptoms), and engagement in club, social, sport, vocational, volunteer, and other organized activities. Results: Autistic adolescents (N = 238) and those with other DD (N = 222) were significantly more likely to have depressive symptoms than adolescents with no DD (N = 406), (31.9 %, 30.6 %, and 15.0 % respectively). Lower percentages of autistic adolescents participated in activities than peers with other DD, who had lower percentages than peers with no DD. Participation in sports was associated with lower likelihood of depressive symptoms in all groups. Conclusions: Autistic adolescents and those with other DD are at increased risk for depressive symptoms and reduced activity engagement. Participation in sports may be especially important for adolescent mental health regardless of disability status. Implications for public health education and intervention are discussed. ER  - 
Efficacy of verbal suggestion, verbal suggestion with a tuning fork, and verbal suggestion with a cotton swab for inducing the paroxysmal event during video-EEG recording in children with suspected psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Introduction: Video-electroencephalogram (EEG) with suggestion is widely considered the gold standard for diagnosing psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). However, ethical concerns and uncertainties persist regarding the most minimally invasive and least deceptive suggestion approach. Materials and methods: In an open-label randomized controlled trial, we evaluated the effectiveness of three suggestion methods (verbal suggestion, verbal suggestion with a tuning fork, and verbal suggestion with a cotton swab) during short-term video-EEG (STVEEG) recordings to induce PNES in children aged 5–18 years. If the paroxysmal event couldn't be elicited with the assigned method, alternative techniques were employed. Results: Out of 97 initially screened children, 75 were enrolled, with 25 in each group. The efficacy of all three suggestion methods was comparable in reproducing paroxysmal events (success rate of 16/25, 17/25 and 17/25 in verbal suggestion only, verbal suggestion with tuning fork and sterile cotton swab group respectively, p = 0.83) and the time required for induction (median of 2, 3 and 3 min respectively, p = 0.21). After trying alternative methods, 20 %, 12 %, and 12 % more patients in these three groups, respectively, were able to reproduce the paroxysmal event, with the differences not reaching statistical significance (p = 0.74). The assigned induction method or the success/failure of event reproduction did not significantly impact clinical outcomes at 12 weeks, and none of the patients in whom PNES could not be reproduced during STVEEG were later found to have an organic cause. Only the presence of psychiatric comorbidity independently predicted successful event reproduction during STVEEG, with statistical significance even after adjusting for other variables (p = 0.03). Conclusion: The efficacy of verbal suggestion alone in inducing paroxysmal nonepileptic seizures is on par with using a tuning fork or cotton swab in conjunction with verbal suggestion during STVEEG. ER  - 
Physical fitness in Indian women with epilepsy on anti-seizure medications and its association with reproductive status, quality of life and stigma: A cross-sectional study$$$ Purpose: To determine the status of physical fitness, reproductive abnormalities, QOL and epilepsy associated stigma in women with epilepsy (WWE) and their association with ASM therapy and seizure frequency. Methods: This cross-sectional study included WWE of reproductive age (18–50 years) on antiseizure medications (ASMs) for at least three months before enrolment. Physical fitness was assessed using International Physical Activity Questionnaires (IPAQ) and Body composition analysis. Subjects were interviewed for menstrual abnormalities [menstrual disturbance or Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)/hirsutism]. Validated questionnaires were used for assessment of, QOL (QOLIE-10) and Stigma in epilepsy (Epilepsy Stigma Scale). Sub-group analysis was done to compare the above parameters on the basis of a) type of therapy (mono or polytherapy), b) type of ASMs treatment (conventional, newer, or conventional + newer ASMs), and c) seizure type and (d) seizure frequency. Correlation and regression analysis were done to find out the association among different variables with physical fitness. Results: The overall prevalence of poor physical fitness, reproductive abnormalities, worsened QOL and stigma in the enrolled WWE (n = 203) were 21.18 %, 20.19 %, 52.7 %, and 21.67 %, respectively. Sub-group analysis revealed that WWE on monotherapy (n = 99) had higher median IPAQ score (p = 0.002), comparatively less reproductive abnormalities (24.03 %, p = 0.008), and higher stigma (24.03 %, p = 0.04) than polytherapy group. WWE on conventional ASMs had significantly higher IPAQ scores compared to newer and conventional + newer ASMs groups (p = 0.02). The prevalence of poor physical fitness and stigma was significantly higher in WWE with higher number of seizures (p = 0.007, <0.001, respectively). No significant difference in QOL was observed on the basis of ASM type and therapy; however, WWE with generalized onset seizures had worsened QOL compared to those with focal onset seizures (p = 0.04). A significant negative correlation was found among seizure frequency and IPAQ score in WWE (p = 0.04). Conclusion: WWE on polytherapy were physically less active, higher occurrence of reproductive abnormalities, and stigma compared to the monotherapy group. WWE with higher seizure frequency had poor physical fitness, and higher stigma compared to those with lesser number of seizures. These findings may aid value in optimization of ASM treatment in WWE of reproductive age. ER  - 
Investigating family resilience factors for enhancing family adaptation in children with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To identify and understand the key family resilience factors that contribute to the improved family adaptation of children with epilepsy. Methods: Parent of children with epilepsy treated in the outpatient unit and general ward at Severance Children's Hospital in Seoul, Korea, completed a structured online questionnaire between April and May 2023. This study examined risk (epilepsy severity, time since diagnosis, parental depression, and perceived stigma) and protective factors (child temperament, epilepsy knowledge, family communication skills, parent's educational level, monthly household income, and social support) of family adaptation based on Patterson's Family Resilience Model. Furthermore, general characteristics such as daily caregiving time, perceived parental health, family type, and primary caregiver role were analyzed. Results: This study included 131 participants with a mean age of 41.79 ± 5.77 years, with children having an average age of 9.19 ± 4.94 years. The regression model was significant, and revealed the impact of communication skills, social support, and primary caregivers other than parents. Moreover, a shorter time since diagnosis has a more positive impact on family adaptation. Conclusions: To improve family adaptation in children with epilepsy, the focus should be placed on improving communication skills, increasing social support, and providing access to external support services. Furthermore, families expecting longer illness duration require proactive measures to support them. These findings could guide future strategies to enhance adaptation in families with children with epilepsy. ER  - 
Care pathways in childhood neurodevelopmental disorders: Toward greater awareness of KBG syndrome among pediatricians$$$ Introduction: KBG syndrome is an autosomal dominant, polymalformative genetic syndrome that is mainly associated with neurodevelopmental and learning disorders, intellectual disability, behavioral disorders, and epilepsy as well as characteristic dysmorphic features, short stature, and ENT (ear, nose, and throat) abnormalities. However, the diagnostic pathway of these individuals is an element that has not been broadly evaluated. The main aim of this study was therefore to characterize the diagnostic pathway for these individuals, by assessing the different healthcare professionals involved and the main referral elements. Method: This was a multicenter, retrospective, descriptive study. A cohort of 30 individuals with KBG syndrome who were followed up at Poitiers University Hospital and Bordeaux University Hospital we recruited. Results: Pediatricians were the main healthcare professionals who referred individuals for genetic consultation, and the main reason for referral was an assessment of learning delays or intellectual disability, in association with other abnormalities. Conclusion: Pediatricians play a crucial role in the diagnostic guidance of individuals with KBG syndrome, and the main reason for referral remains the assessment of a learning delay or intellectual disability. Healthcare professionals must therefore remain attentive to the child's development and the various anomalies associated with it, in particular characteristic dysmorphic features, behavioral disorders, and statural growth. ER  - 
Deep brain stimulation of the amygdala for treatment-resistant combat post-traumatic stress disorder: Long-term results$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) holds promise for neuropsychiatric conditions where imbalance in network activity contributes to symptoms. Treatment-resistant Combat post-traumatic stress disorder (TR-PTSD) is a highly morbid condition and 50% of PTSD sufferers fail to recover despite psychotherapy or pharmacotherapy. Reminder-triggered symptoms may arise from inadequate top-down ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) control of amygdala reactivity. Here, we report long-term data on two TR-PTSD participants from an investigation utilizing high-frequency amygdala DBS. The two combat veterans were implanted bilaterally with quadripolar electrodes targeting the basolateral amygdala. Following a randomized staggered onset, patients received stimulation with adjustments based on PTSD symptom severity for four years while psychiatric and neuropsychiatric symptoms, neuropsychological performance, and electroencephalography were systematically monitored. Evaluation of vmPFC-Amygdala network engagement was assessed with 18FDG positron emission tomography (PET). CAPS-IV scores varied over time, but improved 55% from 119 at baseline to 53 at 4-year study endpoint in participant 1; and 44%, from 68 to 38 in participant 2. Thereafter, during 5 and 1.5 years of subsequent clinical care respectively, long-term bilateral amygdala DBS was associated with additional, clinically significant symptomatic and functional improvement. There were no serious stimulation-related adverse psychiatric, neuropsychiatric, neuropsychological, neurological, or neurosurgical effects. In one subject, symptomatic improvement was associated with an intensity-dependent reduction in amygdala theta frequency power. In our two participants, FDG-PET findings were inconclusive regarding the hypothesized mechanism of suppression of amygdala hyperactivity. Our findings encourage further research to confirm and extend our preliminary observations. ER  - 
Association between physical activity and psychosocial status in adults with epilepsy: Results from the 2022 National health Interview survey$$$ Objective: The study aimed to investigate the association between physical activity and the four dimensions of psychosocial status in adults with epilepsy. Methods: The data of individuals with epilepsy utilized in this cross-sectional study were derived from the 2022 National Health Interview Survey(NHIS). Physical activity was analyzed based on walking, moderate or vigorous intensity physical activity and the 2018 Physical Activity Guidelines (PAG) for Americans. The psychosocial status of the participants was assessed using self-report questionnaires that evaluated life satisfaction, symptoms of depression and anxiety, and social functioning. A multivariate ordinal regression model was employed to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) following adjustment for potential confounding factors. Results: In total of 424 individuals with epilepsy(mean age:48.0 years; male: 40.6 %) were included in this study. About 39.9 % of the participants met the 2018 PAG for aerobic activity. After controlling for potential confounding factors, individuals who adhered to the 2018 PAG for aerobic activity were found to have a higher likelihood of reporting increased life satisfaction (OR, 0.39; 95 % CI: 0.21, 0.71), decreased symptoms of depression (OR, 0.53; 95 % CI: 0.30, 0.94), and improved social functioning (OR, 0.42; 95 % CI: 0.24, 0.74). However, no significant association was observed between physical activity and anxiety symptoms among individuals with epilepsy. Conclusions: This study emphasizes that moderate to vigorous physical activity enhances psychosocial health in individuals with epilepsy. Nevertheless, it is important to note that a causal relationship cannot be inferred from these findings, and further verification through randomized controlled trials is necessary. ER  - 
Assessing the Role of Asthma on the Relationship between Neurodevelopmental Disabilities and Adverse Birth Outcomes$$$ Background: Investigating asthma as an effect modifier between adverse birth outcomes and neurodevelopmental disabilities (NDDs) across different races is crucial for tailored interventions and understanding variable susceptibility among diverse populations. Methods: Data were collected through the National Survey of Children's Health. This cross-sectional study included 131,774 children aged 0 to 17 years. Study exposures comprised adverse birth outcomes including preterm birth and low birth weight. Weighted prevalence estimates and odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) among children with and without adverse birth outcomes were calculated for NDDs including attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autism spectrum disorder, cerebral palsy, seizure, and several others including behavior problems. Adjusted odds ratios were stratified by asthma status and separate interactions were assessed for each outcome. Results: Of 131,774 participants, 10,227 were born low birth weight (9.12%; 95% CI: 8.77% to 9.49%), 14,058 were born preterm (11.35%; 95% CI: 10.94% to 11.76%), and 16,166 participants had asthma (11.97%; 95% CI: 11.58% to 12.37%). There were 68,100 males (51.11%), 63,674 females (48.89%), 102,061 non-Hispanic Whites (NHW) (66.92%), 8,672 non-Hispanic Blacks (NHB) (13.97%), and 21,041 participants (19.11%) categorized as other. NHB children with adverse birth outcomes had higher prevalence of several NDDs compared to NHW children. Conclusions: Asthma was not shown to be an effect modifier of the association between adverse birth outcomes and NDDs. Nevertheless, these results suggest that NDDs are more prevalent within US children with adverse birth outcomes, with higher rates among NHB compared to NHW children. These findings support screening for NDDs in pediatric health care settings among patients with adverse birth outcomes, particularly among those from ethnic minority backgrounds. ER  - 
Time-course of drug-related psychiatric and behavioral treatment-emergent adverse events during brivaracetam treatment in adults with focal-onset seizures$$$ Objective: We previously analyzed data from three phase lll trials of adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV) in adults showing that the incidence and prevalence of drug-related central nervous system treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) quickly peaked and decreased over several weeks following BRV treatment initiation. However, that analysis did not assess psychiatric and behavioral side effects which can occur with antiseizure medication (ASM) treatment. Here, we investigate the time-course of psychiatric and behavioral TEAEs by week of BRV treatment and how these TEAEs were managed. Methods: Data were pooled from three trials (N01252 [NCT00490035]; N01253 [NCT00464269]; N01358 [NCT01261325]) in adult patients (≥16 years of age) with focal-onset seizures receiving BRV adjunctive therapy. This post hoc analysis reports data on the incidence and prevalence of drug-related psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs over time in patients who received BRV doses of 50–200 mg/day (without titration) or placebo (PBO) during the 12-week treatment period. A logistic regression model was used to determine if psychiatric or behavioral comorbid conditions were predictors for drug-related psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs, or BRV discontinuation due to psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs. Results: A total of 803 patients received BRV 50–200 mg/day, and 459 patients received PBO. Drug-related psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs were reported by 11.0 % of patients during adjunctive BRV treatment (PBO: 4.8 %) with onset early after BRV initiation (median time to onset of first drug-related psychiatric or behavioral TEAE: 15 days). Incidence peaked at week 1 and decreased over the first 4 weeks following BRV initiation. Prevalence peaked at week 4 and then remained stable between weeks 5–12. In an analysis excluding patients on concomitant levetiracetam (BRV: n = 744; PBO: n = 422), the incidence of drug-related psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs was similar to the incidence in the overall population. The most common drug-related psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs were irritability, insomnia, depression, and anxiety. Only 2 % of patients discontinued BRV due to psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs (PBO: 1.3 %), while most patients on BRV who reported drug-related psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs did not require a change in dose (84.1 %; PBO: 63.6 %). A history of psychiatric or behavioral comorbid conditions (not ongoing at BRV initiation) was not associated with an increased likelihood of drug-related psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs, or BRV discontinuation due to psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs. Ongoing psychiatric or behavioral comorbid conditions at BRV initiation increased the likelihood of drug-related psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs, but not the likelihood of BRV discontinuation due to psychiatric or behavioral TEAEs. Conclusions: Drug-related psychiatric and behavioral TEAEs occurred early during BRV treatment, and most patients did not require a change in BRV dose. These data can help guide clinician monitoring and patient expectations after starting BRV. ER  - 
Differences in factors associated with insomnia symptoms between patients with epilepsy with and without depressive symptoms$$$ Objective: To determine if insomnia-related factors differ depending on the presence of depression in patients with epilepsy. Methods: This cross-sectional multicenter study collected data on depressive symptoms, insomnia symptoms, and excessive daytime sleepiness, which were defined as a Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) score of ≥ 10, an Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) score of ≥ 15, and an Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) of ≥ 11, respectively. Further, uncontrolled seizures were defined as one or more seizures per month during antiseizure medications treatment. A stepwise logistic regression analysis was conducted, with a logistic regression with interaction terms performed to identify differences in insomnia-related factors depending on depressive symptoms. Results: Of 282 adults with epilepsy (men, 58 %; mean age, 40.4 ± 13.9 years), a PHQ-9 score ≥ 10, an ISI score ≥ 15, an ESS score ≥ 11 were noted in 23.4 % (n = 66), 20.2 % (n = 57), and 12.8 % (n = 36), respectively. More patients with depressive symptoms had an ISI score ≥ 15 (56.1 % vs. 9.3 %; p < 0.001) than those without. In multiple logistic regression, uncontrolled seizures (odds ratio [OR], 4.896; p < 0.01), daytime sleepiness (OR, 5.369; p < 0.05), and a history of psychiatric disorders (OR, 3.971; p < 0.05) were identified as significant factors that were more likely to be associated with an ISI score ≥ 15; however, this was only true in patients without depressive symptoms. In contrast, use of perampanel (OR, 0.282; p < 0.05) was less likely associated, while female sex (OR, 3.178; p < 0.05) was more likely associated with an ISI score ≥ 15 only in patients with depressive symptoms. Conclusions: Insomnia-related factors in patients with epilepsy may differ between patients with and without depression. Our findings of different insomnia-related factors based on the presence of depression may facilitate the management of patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Tolerability of perampanel: A retrospective study at the department of psychiatry$$$ Purpose: We aimed to identify factors that contribute to the discontinuation of perampanel. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed patients with epilepsy at the Department of Psychiatry, Hokkaido University Hospital. We evaluated the factors contributing to perampanel discontinuation as primary outcomes using Cox proportional hazards regression. Then, we explored the components contributing to the primary outcomes using logistic regression analysis. Results: A total of 118 patients were included, 44.9% of whom discontinued participation, 22.0% had intellectual disability, and 23.7% had a psychiatric disorder other than intellectual disability. Adverse effects occurred in 65% of the patients, 23.7% had psychiatric adverse effects (PAE), and 49.2% had common adverse effects (CAE). The effect of PER to suppress seizures was confirmed in 65.3% of them. Discontinuation was influenced by non-response (Hazard Ratio (HR) 6.70, 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 3.42–13.1), the occurrence of PAE (HR 3.68, 95% CI 1.89–7.16), CAE (HR 1.90, 95% CI 1.06–3.41), and comorbid psychiatric disorders (HR 2.35, 95% CI 1.21–4.59). Moreover, comorbid intellectual disability correlated with a low risk of PAE (OR 0.19, 95% CI 0.04–0.89). Conclusion: The discontinuation of perampanel is influenced by poor efficacy and the occurrence of common/psychiatric adverse effects. The discontinuation of perampanel is influenced by poor efficacy and the occurrence of common/psychiatric adverse effects. Consideration of factors contributing to perampanel discontinuation may assist in determining the indication for perampanel treatment. ER  - 
Medical and psychiatric comorbidities, somatic and cognitive symptoms, injuries and medical procedure history in patients with functional seizures from a public and a private hospital$$$ Purpose: Patients with functional seizures (FS), otherwise known as psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), from different socioeconomic backgrounds may differ, however, this remains a gap in current literature. Comorbidities can play both a precipitating and a perpetuating role in FS and are important in the planning of individual treatment for this condition. With this study, we aimed to describe and compare the reported medical and psychiatric comorbidities, injuries, somatic and cognitive symptoms, and medical procedures among patients with FS from a private and a public epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) in Cape Town, South Africa. Methods: This is a retrospective case-control study. We collected data on the comorbidity and medical procedure histories, as well as symptoms and clinical signs reported by patients with video-electroencephalographically (video-EEG) confirmed FS without comorbid epilepsy. We used digital patient records starting with the earliest available digital record for each hospital until the year 2022. Results: A total of 305 patients from a private hospital and 67 patients from a public hospital were included in the study (N = 372). Public hospital patients had higher odds of reporting intellectual disability (aOR=15.58, 95% CI [1.80, 134.95]), circulatory system disease (aOR=2.63, 95% CI [1.02, 6.78]) and gait disturbance (aOR=8.52, 95% CI [1.96, 37.08]) compared to patients with FS attending the private hospital. They did, however, have fewer odds of reporting a history of an infectious or parasitic disease (aOR=0.31, 95% CI [0.11, 0.87]), respiratory system disease (aOR=0.23, 95% CI [0.06, 0.82]), or medical procedures in the past (aOR=0.32, 95% CI [0.16, 0.63]). Conclusion: The study presents prevalence and comparative data on the medical profiles of patients with FS from different socioeconomic backgrounds which may inform future considerations in FS diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Comparative study of perceived invalidating environment and stress coping strategies between patients with drug resistant epilepsy and functional dissociative seizures$$$ Background and objectives: We investigated perceived invalidating environment during childhood and stress-coping strategies in patients with; functional dissociative seizures (FDS, n=26), drug-resistant epilepsy patients with no psychiatric comorbidity (DREnc, n=23), and drug-resistant epilepsy patients with psychiatric comorbidity (DREpc, n=34). Design/Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study. Patients underwent Video Electroencephalography to confirm the diagnosis and completed a psychiatric assessment supported by clinical instruments. Invalidating environment and stress coping were studied through the ICES and CAE questionaries, respectively. A series of multinomial logistic regression analyses were performed with the explored variables. Results: The maternal negative response model predicted a higher probability of FDS condition. A chaotic family type increased the likelihood of DREpc instead of FDS. DREpc and FDS patients displayed many different behaviors to cope with stress other than trying to solve the problem, the most used strategy in the DREnc group. Parental invalidation was higher in DREpc than in FDS. Conclusions: Our results deepen the data provided by previous studies indicating that multiple variables of biosocial origin have significant effects on these groups of patients. The presence of an invalidating environment may predict FDS but also the presence of psychiatric disorders among DRE. Psychotherapeutic strategies to enhance these variables might be necessary for this population. ER  - 
Effects of ganaxolone on non-seizure outcomes in CDKL5 Deficiency Disorder: Double-blind placebo-controlled randomized trial$$$ CDKL5 deficiency disorder (CDD) is a rare developmental and epileptic encephalopathy. Ganaxolone, a neuroactive steroid, reduces the frequency of major motor seizures in children with CDD. This analysis explored the effect of ganaxolone on non-seizure outcomes. Children (2–19 years) with genetically confirmed CDD and ≥ 16 major motor seizures per month were enrolled in a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial. Ganaxolone or placebo was administered three times daily for 17 weeks. Behaviour was measured with the Anxiety, Depression and Mood Scale (ADAMS), daytime sleepiness with the Child Health Sleep Questionnaire, and quality of life with the Quality of Life Inventory-Disability (QI-Disability) scale. Scores were compared using ANOVA, adjusted for age, sex, number of anti-seizure mediations, baseline 28-day major motor seizure frequency, baseline developmental skills, and behaviour, sleep or quality of life scores. 101 children with CDD (39 clinical sites, 8 countries) were randomized. Median (IQR) age was 6 (3–10) years, 79.2 % were female, and 50 received ganaxolone. After 17 weeks of treatment, Manic/Hyperactive scores (mean difference 1.27, 95%CI –2.38,-0.16) and Compulsive Behaviour scores (mean difference 0.58, 95%CI -1.14,-0.01) were lower (improved) in the ganaxolone group compared with the placebo group. Daytime sleepiness scores were similar between groups. The total change in QOL score for children in the ganaxolone group was 2.6 points (95%CI -1.74,7.02) higher (improved) than in the placebo group but without statistical significance. Along with better seizure control, children who received ganaxolone had improved behavioural scores in select domains compared to placebo. ER  - 
New Insights Into the Therapeutic Management of Varicella Zoster Virus Meningitis: A Series of 123 Polymerase Chain Reaction–Confirmed Cases$$$ Background. Varicella zoster virus (VZV) can reactivate and cause meningitis, but few studies have distinguished it from meningoencephalitis regarding treatment recommendations. The objective of this study was to assess the outcomes of a large series of patients with VZV meningitis according to their therapeutic management. Methods. We conducted a bicentric retrospective cohort study, in Paris, France, including all adult patients with a cerebrospinal fluid sample positive for VZV by polymerase chain reaction between April 2014 and June 2022. We distinguished meningitis from encephalitis according to the International Encephalitis Consortium criteria. Unfavorable outcome was defined as mortality or functional sequelae defined by a loss of 2 points on the modified Rankin Scale. Results. We included 123 patients with meningitis. Among them, 14% received no antivirals, while 20% were treated with oral valacyclovir alone, 41% with a short course of intravenous (IV) acyclovir before switch to valacyclovir, and 25% with a long course of IV acyclovir. Outcomes were favorable regardless of antiviral regimen. In multivariate analysis, only age, underlying immunosuppression, and cranial radiculitis appear to be predictive factors for longer IV therapy, based on the Akaike information criterion. Conclusions. In this study, patients with VZV meningitis had a good outcome, with no evidence of any impact of the treatment strategy. However, further studies are needed to support the possibility of milder treatment in immunocompetent patients, avoiding cost and side effects of IV acyclovir. ER  - 
Increased frequency and mortality in persons with neurological disorders during COVID-19$$$ Determining the frequency and outcomes of neurological disorders associated with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is imperative for understanding risks and for recognition of emerging neurological disorders. We investigated the susceptibility and impact of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection among persons with premorbid neurological disorders, in addition to the post-infection incidence of neurological sequelae, in a case-control population-based cohort. Using health service data collected between 1 March 2020 and 30 June 2021, we constructed a cohort of SARS-CoV-2 RNA-positive (n = 177 892) and -negative (n = 177 800) adults who were age, sex and comorbidity matched and underwent RT-PCR testing at similar times. COVID-19-associated mortality rates were examined within the cohort. Neurological sequelae were analysed during the acute (<3 months) and the post-acute (3-9 months) phases post-infection. The risk of death was significantly greater in the SARS-CoV-2 RNA-positive (2140 per 100 000 person years) compared with RNA-negative (922 per 100 000 person years) over a follow-up of 9 months, particularly amongst those with premorbid neurological disorders: adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence interval) in persons with a prior history of parkinsonism, 1.65 (1.15-2.37); dementia, 1.30 (1.11-1.52); seizures, 1.91 (1.26-2.87); encephalopathy, 1.82 (1.02-3.23); and stroke, 1.74 (1.05-2.86). There was also a significantly increased risk for diagnosis of new neurological sequelae during the acute time phase after COVID-19, including encephalopathy, 2.0 (1.10-3.64); dementia, 1.36 (1.07-1.73); seizure, 1.77 (1.22-2.56); and brain fog, 1.96 (1.20-3.20). These risks persisted into the post-acute phase after COVID-19, during which inflammatory myopathy (2.57, 1.07-6.15) and coma (1.87, 1.22-2.87) also became significantly increased. Thus, persons with SARS-CoV-2 infection and premorbid neurological disorders are at greater risk of death, and SARS-CoV-2 infection was complicated by increased risk of new-onset neurological disorders in both the acute and post-acute phases of COVID-19. ER  - 
TRANSCRANIAL DIRECT CURRENT STIMULATION TREATMENT IN PATIENTS WITH ALCOHOL DEPENDENCE: A RANDOMIZED SHAM-CONTROLLED TRIAL$$$ Drug Category: Alcohol Topic: Treatment Aim: Craving is a critical symptom of addiction and significantly predictive of relapse. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been implied as a potential approach to reduce craving. This study aimed to investigate the safety and effectiveness of tDCS on craving and substance treatment outcomes in patients with alcohol dependence. Methods: Patients with alcohol dependence (severe alcohol use disorder) were enrolled in the study. Participants were randomized to two groups after two weeks of detoxification: 1) tDCS, and 2) sham, and received a total of 10 tDCS sessions over two weeks. Demographic data, alcohol and other substance use data were collected. The following data were gathered before (T0: week 0), during (T1: week 1), after (T2: week 2), and at follow-up (T3: week 4) to assess symptoms of craving, motivation, and other emotional symptoms: Visual Analog Scale (VAS), Penn Alcohol Craving Scale (PACS), Severity of Alcohol Dependence Questionnaire (SADQ), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), Alcohol Relapse Risk Scale (ARRS), Obsessive Compulsive Drinking Scale (OCDS), Penn Alcohol Craving Scale (PACS), Alcohol Craving Questionnaire-Short Form-Revised (ACQ-SF-R), and Alcohol Withdrawal Self The Alcohol Abstinence Self-Efficacy Scale (AASE). Results: 37 patients with alcohol dependence were randomly assigned in 2:1 ratio to 26 in the tDCS group and 11 in the sham group. A total of 2 in the tDCS group and 2 in the sham group dropped out. Using repeated measure ANOVA, significant improvements in VAS, PACS, OCDS, ARRS, BDI, BAI, and AASE scores were found in both the tDCS and sham groups after the intervention, but the differences between the two groups were not statistically significant. Conclusions: This study revealed that tDCS is a safe brain stimulation method with few adverse effects exclusive of seizures in patients with alcohol dependence. This preliminary study suggest tDCS might have potential as an adjunct to addiction treatment. Financial Support: This work was supported by grants from Taipei City Government (TPECH-10708107) ER  - 
Body Mass Index in Alcohol Withdrawal: Predictive or Protective?$$$ Select Drug Category Alcohol Topic Comorbidities Abstract Detail Other Abstract Category Original Research Aim: Alcohol use disorder (AUD) is associated with substantial morbidity and mortality in the United States and globally. Obesity frequently co-occurs with AUD and may share common mechanisms as well as morbidity, but it is unclear whether elevated body mass index (BMI) increases risk for alcohol withdrawal syndromes (AWS), a potentially life-threatening complication of AUD. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted over a 6-year period from 2014 to 2020 to assess predictors of complications from AWS. Hospitalized patients (N=688) patients with an ICD-10 code diagnosis of AWS were included. BMI and obesity status were assessed as predictors of AWS severity (seizures, delirium tremens), and hospitalization course (escalations in care, length of stay), controlling for age, sex, prior AWS, and psychiatric comorbidities. Results: Multiple linear regression analysis showed that BMI did not predict incident delirium tremens (p = 0.58) and marginally significantly predicted reduced occurrence of seizures (B = -0.189, p = 0.049). BMI had a trend relationship with number of intubations (B = -0.106, p = 0.066) and significantly predicted fewer escalations in care (B = -0.094, p = 0.008), but did not significantly predict number of rapid response interventions (p = 0.634). Notably, overweight status significantly predicted a lower rate of escalations and intubations while there was no relationship for lean or obese. Conclusions: Prior research has shown that morbidity and mortality have a non-linear relationship with BMI, with those in the overweight range at lowest risk. Consumption of food and alcohol is likely driven by a dynamic neurobiological system that may change with increasing body weight, such that overweight status may be somewhat protective of complications versus lean or obesity. Future research is necessary to identify mechanisms that may increase risk at low and high ends of the weight spectrum, with the goal of tailoring treatments for AWS. Financial Support: none ER  - 
Clinical description and evaluation of 30 pediatric patients with ultra-rare diseases: A multicenter study with real-world data from Saudi Arabia$$$ Background With the advancement of next-generation sequencing, clinicians are now able to detect ultra-rare mutations that are barely encountered by the majority of physicians. Ultra-rare and rare diseases cumulatively acquire a prevalence equivalent to type 2 diabetes with 80% being genetic in origin and more prevalent among high consanguinity communities including Saudi Arabia. The challenge of these diseases is the ability to predict their prevalence and define clear phenotypic features. Methods This is a non-interventional retrospective multicenter study. We included pediatric patients with a pathogenic variant designated as ultra-rare according to the National Institute for Clinical Excellence’s criteria. Demographic, clinical, laboratory, and radiological data of all patients were collected and analyzed using multinomial regression models. Results We included 30 patients. Their mean age of diagnosis was 16.77 months (range 3–96 months) and their current age was 8.83 years (range = 2–15 years). Eleven patients were females and 19 were males. The majority were of Arab ethnicity (96.77%). Twelve patients were West-Saudis and 8 patients were South-Saudis. SCN1A mutation was reported among 19 patients. Other mutations included SZT2, ROGDI, PRF1, ATP1A3, and SHANK3. The heterozygous mutation was reported among 67.86%. Twenty-nine patients experienced seizures with GTC being the most frequently reported semiology. The mean response to ASMs was 45.50% (range 0–100%). Conclusion The results suggest that ultra-rare diseases must be viewed as a distinct category from rare diseases with potential demographic and clinical hallmarks. Additional objective and descriptive criteria to detect such cases are needed. ER  - 
Association of adverse cardiovascular events with gabapentin and pregabalin among patients with fibromyalgia$$$ Objective Fibromyalgia, a chronic pain disorder, impacts approximately 2% of adults in the US. Gabapentin and pregabalin are common treatments to manage fibromyalgia-related pain. Our recent study showed the risk of adverse cardiovascular events increased in diabetic neuropathy patients who were prescribed gabapentin or pregabalin. Here, we investigated whether the prescription of gabapentin or pregabalin has similar cardiovascular risk in patients with fibromyalgia. Methods This retrospective cohort study leveraged electronic health records from 64 US healthcare organizations with 112 million patients. The study population included 105,602 patients first diagnosed with fibromyalgia and followed by a prescription of gabapentin, pregabalin, or other FDA-approved drugs for treating fibromyalgia from 2010 to 2019. Outcomes were deep venous thrombosis (DVT), myocardial infarcts (MI), peripheral vascular disease (PVD), strokes, heart failure, and pulmonary embolism (PE). In propensity-score-matched cohorts, 1-year and 5-year hazard ratios (HRs) were computed with their respective 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Additionally, we conducted sensitivity analyses on the subpopulations without other possible indications. Results For 5-year follow-up, gabapentin increased the risk of PVD (HR = 1.46, 95% CI = 1.17–1.80), MI (HR = 1.31, 95% CI = 1.03–1.66), heart failure (HR = 1.27, 95% CI = 1.10–1.48), DVT (HR = 1.80, 95% CI = 1.33–2.44), and PE (HR = 2.23, 95% CI = 1.62–3.07). Pregabalin increased the risk of DVT (HR = 1.49, 95% CI = 1.01–2.20), and PE (HR = 2.24, 95% CI = 1.43–3.50). For 1-year follow-up, gabapentin increased the risk of PVD (HR = 1.32, 95% CI = 1.11–1.57), DVT (HR = 1.35, 95% CI = 1.09–1.68), and PE (HR = 1.36, 95% CI = 1.17–1.57). Pregabalin increased the risk of PVD (HR = 1.32, 95% CI = 1.06–1.63) and PE (HR = 1.25, 95% CI = 1.03–1.52). Sensitivity analyses showed similar trends. Conclusion In fibromyalgia patients, the prescription of gabapentin and pregabalin moderately increased the risk of several adverse cardiovascular events. This risk, together with benefits and other adverse reactions, should be considered when prescribing these medications for fibromyalgia patients. ER  - 
Contemporary Management and Outcomes of Veterans Hospitalized With Alcohol Withdrawal: A Multicenter Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Objectives: Few studies describe contemporary alcohol withdrawal management in hospitalized settings or review current practices considering the guidelines by the American Society of Addiction Medicine (ASAM). Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of patients hospitalized with alcohol withdrawal on medical or surgical wards in 19 Veteran Health Administration (VHA) hospitals between October 1, 2018, and September 30, 2019. Demographic and comorbidity data were obtained from the Veteran Health Administration Corporate Data Warehouse. Inpatient management and hospital outcomes were obtained by chart review. Factors associated with treatment duration and complicated withdrawal were examined. Results: Of the 594 patients included in this study, 51% were managed with symptom-triggered therapy alone, 26% with fixed dose plus symptom-triggered therapy, 10% with front loading regimens plus symptom-triggered therapy, and 3% with fixed dose alone. The most common medication given was lorazepam (87%) followed by chlordiazepoxide (33%), diazepam (14%), and phenobarbital (6%). Symptom-triggered therapy alone (relative risk [RR], 0.68; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.57-0.80) and front loading with symptom-triggered therapy (RR, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.62-0.92) were associated with reduced treatment duration. Lorazepam (RR, 1.20; 95% CI, 1.02-1.41) and phenobarbital (RR, 1.28; 95% CI, 1.06-1.54) were associated with increased treatment duration. Lorazepam (adjusted odds ratio, 4.30; 95% CI, 1.05-17.63) and phenobarbital (adjusted odds ratio, 6.51; 95% CI, 2.08-20.40) were also associated with complicated withdrawal. Conclusions: Overall, our results support guidelines by the ASAM to manage patients with long-acting benzodiazepines using symptom-triggered therapy. Health care systems that are using shorter acting benzodiazepines and fixed-dose regimens should consider updating alcohol withdrawal management pathways to follow ASAM recommendations. ER  - 
CHARACTERISTICS AND TREATMENT OF CHILDREN ADMITTED TO TERTIARY HOSPITAL WITH FUNCTIONAL VOMITING/RUMINATION DISORDER$$$ Functional GI disorders (FGIDs) represent a variable combination of chronic or recurrent symptoms attributed to the GI tract that are not explained by structural causes.1 They are considered to be disorders of gut-brain interaction due to interactions between psycho-social factors, genes, environment, and physiological factors. FGID include functional vomiting and rumination syndrome and if severe, patients require hospital admission and can be challenging to manage.2 Our aim is to investigate presentation, investigation, management and outcomes of children admitted to a tertiary paediatric gastroenterology centre with FGID and assess the input from our multidisciplinary medical, psychology and dietetic team. We used discharge codes to identify children admitted in the past 5 years with vomiting, children with organic disease and anorexia were excluded. We reviewed their medical records to assess their presenting symptoms, investigations, medical, dietetic and psychological management and frequency of inpatient and outpatient hospital contacts. Nineteen patients were identified (12 female,7 male), 17 were White British, 1 was Black/British African and 1 patient's ethnicity was unknown. Age at presentation ranged between 7-16 y, although 73% were teenagers. Presenting symptoms included vomiting (89%), abdominal pain (78%), weight loss (83%), rumination (61%). Half of the included children had another functional diagnoses such as dissociative seizures, chronic fatigue and chronic pain. All children underwent extensive investigations including endoscopy, physiology studies, radiology, and blood tests, some requiring general anaesthetic, but no alternative pathology was identified. We found 50% of patients required NG feeding and of those, half progressed to needing NJ feeding. Multiple medications were used with no noted improvement in symptoms. The average length of stay was 50.8 days. Referrals to psychology occurred in 84% of cases, most at the point of admission. Inpatients averaged 8 hours psychology contact, whereas post-discharge outpatients averaged 7 hours. Thirty-two percent of patients had confirmed or suspected neurodiversity. Safeguarding was involved in 37% of cases and 68% had at least one adverse childhood experience (ACE). Over half of children and parents sought a medical explanation for symptoms and 37% expressed reluctance to engage with psychology input. In summary, a diagnosis of FGID is often difficult for families and patients to accept leading to high morbidity, multiple investigations & multiple medications. We propose early adoption of a psychological model of care by the multidisciplinary team may improve outcomes for these children and reduce the impact on gastroenterology services. ER  - 
Behavioral interventions with and without pharmacological treatment: A comparative study at an autistic center in Jordan$$$ Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a complex and highly variable neurodevelopmental disorder. This manuscript describes an observational study aimed at evaluating the impact of behavioral and pharmacological treatments on autistic patients at a Jordanian Autism Institution. Patients were evaluated every three months to assess their progress in behavioral treatment using the ABLLS (Assessment of Basic Language and Learning Skills) method, which evaluates 25 skills based on a child’s performance. The researcher collected all previous assessments and observed at least two evaluation periods. Males comprised 90.38% of the study population. Among psychiatric conditions, hyperactivity (36.54%) and irritability (30.77%) showed the highest prevalence. The first interval served as the baseline. Results from the second and third intervals showed slight differences but were not statistically significant. In contrast, the fourth interval demonstrated a statistically significant difference (P < 0.0001). In conclusion, combining pharmacological and behavioral treatments appears more beneficial than behavioral therapy alone, although this benefit may take at least a year to manifest effectively. ER  - 
Validation of the Seizure-Related Impact Assessment Scale (SERIAS): a study protocol$$$ Introduction This study aims to validate the Seizure-Related Impact Assessment Scale (SERIAS). This novel patient-reported outcome measure (PROM) compares the ‘trade-off’ between seizures and treatment-related adverse effects, and measures epilepsy disability qualitatively and quantitively. It fills an important gap in PROMs for epilepsy clinical trials and practice. Methods and analysis Adults with epileptologistconfirmed epilepsy from two Australian Epilepsy Centres are being recruited. People with functional seizures, or who are unable to self-complete English-language validated instruments are excluded. Participants providing informed consent are invited to complete questionnaires at baseline, 3 and 6 months later. SERIAS includes five questions that ask about the number of days per month that seizures or treatment-related adverse effects partially or fully impact work/home/school and family/social/ non-work activities, as well as a visual analogue scale regarding epilepsy-related disability. SERIAS is completed alongside seven internationally validated instruments measuring treatment-related adverse effects, mood disorders and quality of life. Target recruitment is n=100, ensuring>50 people complete all questionnaires at all timepoints. Comprehensive psychometric analysis will be performed. Convergent validity will be investigated using bivariate correlations with relevant measures. Reliability will be investigated using Cronbach’s alpha, McDonald’s omega and test–retest correlation coefficients. SERIAS will be a novel PROM for epilepsy clinical trials and practice. Ethics and dissemination Multisite ethics approval was granted by the Alfred Health Ethics Committee (HREC 17/23). Results of this study will be disseminated through publication in peer-reviewed journals and presentations at scientific conferences. ER  - 
Multidisciplinary re-evaluation of neuropsychiatric events to confirm the neuropsychiatric lupus diagnosis at an Indonesian tertiary hospital$$$ Objective Neuropsychiatric SLE (NPSLE) has a broad spectrum and to date, there is no gold-standard biomarker. The diagnosis relies on clinical assessment, supporting examinations and exclusion of other possible aetiologies. One method that can be used to establish NPSLE is to conduct a re-evaluation by involving several fields of medical science. This study aims to reassess SLE cases with neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations through multidisciplinary re-evaluation and determine the final diagnosis of NPSLE or non-NPSLE. Methods This retrospective cross-sectional study used medical record data from patients with SLE with NP manifestations. Inclusion criteria included patients diagnosed with SLE, who had clinical manifestations of NP and were >18 years old. Multidisciplinary re-evaluation was conducted and agreed upon the diagnosis of NPSLE or non-NPSLE. Results We included 94 subjects with a total of 132 NP events consisting of 69 NPSLE and 63 non-NPSLE. After re-evaluating NPSLE events, 33.3% were still concluded to be NPSLE. Meanwhile, from the non-NPSLE group, 22.2% were then declared as NPSLE. There were no significant differences in demographic characteristics between the NPSLE and non-NPSLE groups. The proportion of NP events in both groups was almost the same except for cerebrovascular disease manifestations which were more common in the NPSLE group. Higher Mexican SLE Disease Activity Index scores with (p<0.001) or without NP (p=0.02) were observed in the NPSLE group compared with the non-NPSLE group, as well as higher proportion of active disease (p=0.03), higher anti-double-stranded DNA titres (p<0.001) and lower values of C3 (p=0.018) and C4 (p=0.001). Conclusions Multidisciplinary re-evaluation can be used as a method to confirm the diagnosis of NPSLE. There is a tendency for overdiagnosis of NPSLE when clinicians are faced with NP events in patients with SLE. Complete clinical and supporting data are needed to determine the final diagnosis of NPSLE. ER  - 
Gene Editing for CEP290-Associated Retinal Degeneration$$$ BACKGROUND CEP290-associated inherited retinal degeneration causes severe early-onset vision loss due to pathogenic variants in CEP290. EDIT-101 is a clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR)–CRISPR-associated protein 9 (Cas9) gene-editing complex designed to treat inherited retinal degeneration caused by a specific damaging variant in intron 26 of CEP290 (IVS26 variant). METHODS We performed a phase 1–2, open-label, single-ascending-dose study in which persons 3 years of age or older with CEP290-associated inherited retinal degeneration caused by a homozygous or compound heterozygous IVS26 variant received a subretinal injection of EDIT-101 in the worse (study) eye. The primary outcome was safety, which included adverse events and dose-limiting toxic effects. Key secondary efficacy outcomes were the change from baseline in the best corrected visual acuity, the retinal sensitivity detected with the use of full-field stimulus testing (FST), the score on the Ora–Visual Navigation Challenge mobility test, and the vision-related quality-of-life score on the National Eye Institute Visual Function Questionnaire–25 (in adults) or the Children’s Visual Function Questionnaire (in children). RESULTS EDIT-101 was injected in 12 adults 17 to 63 years of age (median, 37 years) at a low dose (in 2 participants), an intermediate dose (in 5), or a high dose (in 5) and in 2 children 9 and 14 years of age at the intermediate dose. At baseline, the median best corrected visual acuity in the study eye was 2.4 log10 of the minimum angle of resolution (range, 3.9 to 0.6). No serious adverse events related to the treatment or procedure and no dose-limiting toxic effects were recorded. Six participants had a meaningful improvement from baseline in cone-mediated vision as assessed with the use of FST, of whom 5 had improvement in at least one other key secondary outcome. Nine participants (64%) had a meaningful improvement from baseline in the best corrected visual acuity, the sensitivity to red light as measured with FST, or the score on the mobility test. Six participants had a meaningful improvement from baseline in the vision-related quality-of-life score. CONCLUSIONS The safety profile and improvements in photoreceptor function after EDIT-101 treatment in this small phase 1–2 study support further research of in vivo CRISPRCas9 gene editing to treat inherited retinal degenerations due to the IVS26 variant of CEP290 and other genetic causes. ER  - 
Heartbeat evoked potentials and autonomic arousal during dissociative seizures: insights from electrophysiology and neuroimaging$$$ Introduction Dissociative seizures often occur in the context of dysregulated affective arousal and entail dissociative symptoms such as a disintegration of bodily awareness. However, the interplay between affective arousal and changes in interoceptive processing at the onset of dissociative seizures is not well understood. Methods Using retrospective routine data obtained from video-electroencephalography telemetry in a university hospital epilepsy monitoring unit, we investigate ictal changes in cardiac indices of autonomic arousal and heartbeat evoked potentials (HEPs) in 24 patients with dissociative seizures. Results Results show autonomic arousal during seizures with increased heart rate and a shift towards sympathetic activity. Compared with baseline, ictal HEP amplitudes over central and right prefrontal electrodes (F8, Fz) were significantly less pronounced during seizures, suggesting diminished cortical representation of interoceptive information. Significant correlations between heart rate variability measures and HEPs were observed at baseline, with more sympathetic and less parasympathetic activity related to less pronounced HEPs. Interestingly, these relationships weakened during seizures, suggesting a disintegration of autonomic arousal and interoceptive processing during dissociative seizures. In a subgroup of 16 patients, MRI-based cortical thickness analysis found a correlation with HEP amplitudes in the left somatosensory association cortex. Conclusions These findings possibly represent an electrophysiological hint of how autonomic arousal could negatively impact bodily awareness in dissociative seizures, and how these processes might be related to underlying brain structure. ER  - 
Cannabis Use Reported by Patients Receiving Primary Care in a Large Health System$$$ Importance: Despite the changing legal status of cannabis and the potential impact on health, few health systems routinely screen for cannabis use, and data on the epidemiology of cannabis use, and especially medical cannabis use among primary care patients, are limited. Objective: To describe the prevalence of, factors associated with, and reasons for past-3 month cannabis use reported by primary care patients. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cross-sectional study used electronic health record data from patients aged 18 years and older who had an annual wellness visit between January 2021 and May 2023 from a primary care clinic within a university-based health system in Los Angeles, California. Exposures: Factors of interest included age, race and ethnicity, sex, employment status, and neighborhood Area Deprivation Index (ADI). Main Outcomes and Measures: Cannabis use was assessed using the Alcohol Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST). Patients were also asked about reasons for use, symptoms for which they used cannabis, and mode of use. Results: Among the 175734 patients screened, the median (range) age was 47 (18-102) years; 101657 (58.0%) were female; 25278 (15.7%) were Asian, 21971 (13.7%) were Hispanic, and 51063 (31.7%) were White. Cannabis use was reported by 29898 (17.0%), with 10360 (34.7%) having ASSIST scores indicative of moderate to high risk for cannabis use disorder (CUD). Prevalence of cannabis use was higher among male patients than female patients (14939 [20.0%] vs 14916 [14.7%]) and younger patients (18-29 years, 7592 [31.0%]; ≥60 years, 4200 [8.5%]), and lower among those who lived in the most disadvantaged neighborhoods (ADI decile 9-10, 189 [13.8%]; ADI decile 1-2, 12431 [17.4%]). The most common modes of use included edibles (18201 [61.6%]), smoking (15256 [51.7%]), and vaporizing (8555 [29.0%]). While 4375 patients who reported using cannabis (15.6%) did so for medical reasons only, 21986 patients (75.7%) reported using cannabis to manage symptoms including pain (9196 [31.7%]), stress (14542 [50.2%]), and sleep (16221 [56.0%]). The median (IQR) number of symptoms managed was 2 (1-4), which was higher among patients who were at moderate to high risk for CUD (4 [2-6] symptoms). Conclusions and Relevance: In this study, cannabis use and risk of CUD were common, and more than three-quarters of patients who reported any cannabis use reported doing so to manage a health-related symptom. These findings suggest that integration of information regarding cannabis use for symptom management could help provide a crucial point-of-care opportunity for clinicians to understand their patients' risk for CUD.. ER  - 
Early Celecoxib use in Patients with Traumatic Brain Injury$$$ Background: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) can cause rapid brain inflammation. There is debate over the safety and efficacy of anti-inflammatory agents in its treatment. With a particular focus on cyclooxygenase 2 (COX2) selective inhibition, we sought to determine the impact of celecoxib versus no celecoxib treatment on outcomes in patients with TBI and compare these with outcomes associated with nonselective COX inhibition (ibuprofen) and corticosteroid (dexamethasone) treatment. Methods: This retrospective cohort study used TriNetX, a large publicly available global health research network, to gather clinical data extracted from the electronic medical records. Using International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision and pharmacy codes, we identified patients with TBI who were and were not treated with celecoxib, ibuprofen, and dexamethasone. Analysis was performed on propensity-matched and unmatched cohorts, which were matched on demographics, comorbidities, and neurological injuries. Our primary end point was 1-year survival. Secondary end points were ventilator and tracheostomy dependence, gastrostomy tube placement, seizures, and craniotomy. Results: After propensity score matching, a total of 1443 patients were identified in both the celecoxib and no celecoxib cohorts. Ninety-two (6.4%) patients in the celecoxib cohort died within 1 year following TBI versus 145 (10.0%) in the no celecoxib cohort (odds ratio 0.61; 95% confidence interval 0.46–0.80; p = 0.0003). The 1-year survival rate was 96.1% in the celecoxib cohort versus 93.1% in the no celecoxib cohort (p < 0.0001). At the end of the 1-year period, celecoxib was associated with significantly lower gastrostomy tube dependence (p = 0.017), seizure activity (p = 0.027), and myocardial infarction (p = 0.021) compared with the control cohort. Ibuprofen was also associated with higher 1-year survival probability and lower rates of post-TBI complications. Dexamethasone was broadly associated with higher morbidity but was associated with higher 1-year survival probability compared with the no dexamethasone cohort. Conclusions: Early celecoxib and ibuprofen use within 5 days post TBI was associated with higher 1-year survival probabilities and fewer complications. With emerging yet controversial preclinical evidence to suggest that COX inhibition improves TBI outcomes, this population-level study offers suggestive support for these drugs’ clinical benefit, which should be pursued in prospective clinical studies. ER  - 
Comparison of the Effectiveness and Safety of Clozapine Between Once-Daily and Divided Dosing Regimen in Patients With Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia$$$ Background: Clozapine is the most effective antipsychotic with respect to the incidence of discontinuation and is indicated for treatment-resistant schizophrenia. Although the recommendation for clozapine administration is divided dosing, once-daily dosing of clozapine is commonly prescribed in many countries. However, there is currently no clinical data comparing all-cause discontinuation between the 2 methods of administration of clozapine. Objectives: To compare the all-cause discontinuation and safety of clozapine administration between once-daily and divided dosing regimens. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study. Participants were patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia who had received 300 to 600 mg/day of clozapine for at least 3 months. Data were collected from outpatient medical records at Somdet Chaopraya Institute of Psychiatry. Eligible patients were classified into 2 groups: once-daily dosing and divided dosing. The primary outcome was the all-cause discontinuation rate between groups. The duration of the study was 2 years. Results: One hundred eighteen patients were included and analyzed in this study (once-daily dosing group: n = 58; divided dosing group: n = 60). There was no significant difference in all-cause discontinuation between the 2 groups (odds ratio 1.03; 95% confidence interval: [0.28, 3.79]: P = 1.00), or adverse events between groups. Conclusion and Relevance: In patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia, there were no significant differences in effectiveness or safety between once-daily and divided dosing of clozapine. Further prospective studies with larger sample sizes are required to confirm these findings. ER  - 
A Comparison of Ketamine and Midazolam as First-Line Anesthetic Infusions for Pediatric Status Epilepticus$$$ Background: Pediatric refractory status epilepticus (RSE) often requires management with anesthetic infusions, but few data compare first-line anesthetics. This study aimed to compare the efficacy and adverse effects of midazolam and ketamine infusions as first-line anesthetics for pediatric RSE. Methods: Retrospective single-center study of consecutive study participants treated with ketamine or midazolam as the first-line anesthetic infusions for RSE at a quaternary care children’s hospital from December 1, 2017, until September 15, 2021. Results: We identified 117 study participants (28 neonates), including 79 (68%) who received midazolam and 38 (32%) who received ketamine as the first-line anesthetic infusions. Seizures terminated more often in study participants administered ketamine (61%, 23/38) than midazolam (28%, 22/79; odds ratio [OR] 3.97, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.76–8.98; P < 0.01). Adverse effects occurred more often in study participants administered midazolam (24%, 20/79) than ketamine (3%, 1/38; OR 12.54, 95% CI 1.61–97.43; P = 0.016). Study participants administered ketamine were younger, ketamine was used more often for children with acute symptomatic seizures, and midazolam was used more often for children with epilepsy. Multivariable logistic regression of seizure termination by first-line anesthetic infusion (ketamine or midazolam) including age at SE onset, SE etiology category, and individual seizure duration at anesthetic infusion initiation indicated seizures were more likely to terminate following ketamine than midazolam (OR 4.00, 95% CI 1.69–9.49; P = 0.002) and adverse effects were more likely following midazolam than ketamine (OR 13.41, 95% CI 1.61–111.04; P = 0.016). Survival to discharge was higher among study participants who received midazolam (82%, 65/79) than ketamine (55%, 21/38; P = 0.002), although treating clinicians did not attribute any deaths to ketamine or midazolam. Conclusions: Among children and neonates with RSE, ketamine was more often followed by seizure termination and less often associated with adverse effects than midazolam when administered as the first-line anesthetic infusion. Further prospective data are needed to compare first-line anesthetics for RSE. ER  - 
Clozapine and neutrophil response in patients of African descent: A six-month, multinational, prospective, open-label clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Clozapine is the most effective antipsychotic for treatment-resistant schizophrenia, but it is markedly underutilized, particularly in the US Black population, partly because of concern over clozapine-associated low absolute neutrophil count (ANC). People of African descent have a lower normative ANC range than the White population, which is associated with a specific “ACKR1-null” (“Duffy null”) CC genotype (SNP rs2814778) on the ACKR1 gene, termed benign ethnic neutropenia (BEN). The range of ANC variability and safety of clozapine have not been established in people with BEN or examined prospectively in people of African descent. Methods: We completed a multisite, 6-month, prospective, open-label clinical trial of clozapine treatment in people of African descent with schizophrenia spectrum disorders for whom clozapine was clinically indicated, with or without the ACKR1-null genotype. We examined clozapine safety and weekly ANC during clozapine treatment and evaluated ANC variability by ACKR1-null genotype, sex, study site, and clozapine dosing using repeated measures analysis of covariance. Genotype was assayed using TaqMan® technology. Results: We enrolled 274 participants, of whom 227 (82.8 %) completed 6 months of clozapine treatment. There was one case of severe neutropenia (<500 cells/mm3) (0.36 %) over 1467.6 person-months of clozapine exposure. This participant recovered without sequelae after discontinuation of clozapine. Of the 249 participants with known genotypes, 199 (79.9 %) had the ACKR1-null genotype. Neutropenia (<1500 cells/mm3) occurred significantly more often in the ACKR1-null group (33 % [65/199]) than in those with the T allele (6 % (3/50); p < 0.001). Fourteen (5 %) patients discontinued due to adverse events. Rates of infection and fever were low and sialorrhea was the commonest side effect (N = 187, 68 %). Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the largest prospective clozapine trial in people of African descent. Severe neutropenia was rare, despite the high prevalence (80 %) of the ACKR1-null genotype. Our findings suggest that clozapine can be used safely in Black patients including those with BEN. ER  - 
Clinical Outcomes and Systemic Complications Related to the Severity and Etiology of Status Epilepticus Using a Common Data Model$$$ Background: Status epilepticus (SE) is a critical neurological emergency in patients with neurological and nonneurological diseases. Mortality rises with SE severity. However, whether brain injury or systemic organ dysfunction causes death after SE remains unclear. We studied clinical outcomes and systemic dysfunctions associated with SE using standardized data from the common data model. This model includes clinical evaluations and treatments that provide real-world evidence for standard practice. Methods: This retrospective cohort study used the common data model database of a single tertiary academic medical center. Patients diagnosed with SE (corresponding to G41 of the International Classification of Diseases 10 and administration of antiseizure medication) between January 1, 2001, and January 1, 2018, were enrolled. Demographics, classifications of SE severity, and outcomes were collected as operational definitions by using a common data model format. Systemic complications were defined based on the Sequential Organ Failure Assessment criteria. Results: The electronic medical records of 1,825,196 patients were transformed into a common data model, and 410 patients were enrolled. The proportion of patients classified as having nonrefractory SE was 65.4% (268/410), followed by refractory (28.5%, 117/410) and super-refractory SE (6.1%, 25/410). Patients with more severe SE had longer intensive care unit and hospital stays. Renal dysfunction and thrombocytopenia were higher in the in-hospital death group (P = 0.002 and 0.003, respectively). In multivariable analysis, the Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II score and platelet count were significantly different in the in-hospital death group (odds ratio, 1.169, P = 0.004; and 0.989, P = 0.043). Conclusions: Systemic complications after SE, especially low platelet counts, were linked to worse outcomes and increased mortality in a common data model. The common data model offers expandability and comprehensive analysis, making it a potentially valuable tool for SE research. ER  - 
Effect of lanadelumab on attack frequency and QoL in Japanese patients with hereditary angioedema: Report of five cases$$$ Lanadelumab, a recombinant human anti-kallikrein monoclonal antibody, is recommended as the first-line option for long-term prophylaxis (LTP) in hereditary angioedema (HAE). However, the efficacy of lanadelumab and its effects on the quality of life (QoL) in Japanese HAE patients using real-world data have not been reported. Herein, we report the outcomes of five HAE patients who were treated with lanadelumab at two Japanese institutions. We retrospectively collected data on attack frequency and on-demand treatment frequency using an angioedema quality of life (AE-QoL) questionnaire. Our data corresponded to five Japanese HAE patients who started lanadelumab treatment: four with HAE due to C1-inhibitor deficiency (HAE-1) and one with HAE with a normal C1-inhibitor (HAE-nC1-INH). Two HAE-1 patients showed a reduction in both attacks and number of on-demand treatments. The other HAE-1 patients had an increase in the number of on-demand treatments, although there was no apparent reduction in attacks. The HAE-nC1-INH patient showed a slight increase in both attacks and number of on-demand treatments. Only one HAE-1 patient discontinued treatment after 1 month owing to side effects, including dizziness and headache. All four who continued treatment showed improved AE-QoL total and domain scores. Therefore, in this study, using real-world data, we demonstrated that lanadelumab reduced attack frequency and improved QoL in Japanese HAE patients. ER  - 
PERPRISE: A prospective non-interventional study of PERampanel as only adjunctive treatment in patients with PRImary or SEcondarily generalized tonic–clonic seizures: First interim analysis$$$ Objective: To report the interim results of the PERPRISE study (Study 509; NCT04202159), which is evaluating perampanel as the only adjunctive anti-seizure medication (ASM) in adults with focal to bilateral tonic–clonic seizures (FBTCS) or primary generalized tonic–clonic seizures (GTCS). Methods: PERPRISE is an ongoing 12-month multicenter, prospective, observational, non-interventional study of perampanel in a real-world setting in Germany. Patients are aged ≥18 years with FBTCS or GTCS due to focal or idiopathic generalized epilepsy. Perampanel, as an adjunctive therapy to ASM monotherapy (‘add-on therapy’) or as a substitute for one ASM in dual therapy (‘substitution therapy’), is prescribed in line with its SmPC. The Interim Analysis Set comprises the first 100 patients who received ≥1 dose of perampanel and attended or discontinued prior to the ~6-month visit. Interim endpoints include retention rate, measures of effects on seizure frequency, and treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Results: One hundred patients were included in the Interim Analysis Set (add-on, n = 43 [43.0%]; substitution, n = 55 [55.0%]; unknown, n = 2). The 6-month retention rate was 78.0% (add-on, 83.7%; substitution, 72.7%). For the overall population with GTCS and/or FBTCS, seizure-freedom rate at 6 months was 58.8% (add-on, 72.2%; substitution, 47.9%) and 50% responder rate at 6 months was 82.6% (add-on, 89.2%; substitution, 76.6%). Retention rates and seizure outcomes were better with perampanel as an early-line treatment than as a late-line treatment. TEAEs were reported by 48 patients (48.0%), most commonly dizziness (n = 9), fatigue (n = 7), and irritability (n = 7). Sixteen patients (16.0%) withdrew from perampanel treatment due to TEAEs. Significance: The interim analysis of PERPRISE offers insight into the real-world use of perampanel in Germany, including for the first time, clinical practice data from patients with GTCS and switching ASMs within a dual therapy. Further data from PERPRISE will be of value to inform clinical decision-making in this patient cohort. Plain Language Summary: Patients with epilepsy often take more than one medication for seizure control. This 12month study looked at patients in Germany receiving perampanel as only add-on medication. The interim analysis shows, that at 6 months, over 70% of the 100 patients continued to use perampanel; 59% experienced no seizures during treatment with perampanel, and in 83%, seizure frequency was reduced by half. Side effects occurred in 48% of patients (most commonly dizziness, fatigue, and irritability) and caused 16% to withdraw from the study. Overall, perampanel was a suitable as only add-on medication for patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
The usefulness of NDDI-E and QOLIE-10 scales for the screening of major depressive disorders in patients with epilepsy in video-EEG units$$$ Objective: Mood disorders in patients with epilepsy are common, with depression being the most prevalent. However, this comorbidity is often underdiagnosed. The systematic use of scales such as NDDI-E and QOLIE-10 in prolonged video-EEG monitoring units could be a useful tool for the detection of this comorbidity. Methods: Descriptive cross-sectional study of a series of patients with epilepsy evaluated in a prolonged video-EEG monitoring unit. Results: Three hundred forty-nine patients were included. The mean age was 49.1 years, and 49.3% were female. 66.2% had focal epilepsy. 20.4% had pharmacoresistant epilepsy. 38.7% of patients had NDDI-E > 13. 43% of patients with focal epilepsy had NDDI-E > 13 versus 21.8% of patients with idiopathic generalized epilepsy (p =.015). Patients with focal temporal epilepsy had the highest rate of NDDI-E > 13 (48.5%). Significant association was found between patient-perceived mood and NDDI-E score (p <.001). However, in the group of patients with NDDI-E > 13, 37.6% had reported feeling “very good” or “good” in mood. Likewise, in the group that had reported feeling “very good” or “good” 21.6% had NDDI-E > 13. In 50.5% of patients with NDDI-E > 13 some kind of therapeutic intervention aimed at this comorbidity was performed. Perceived quality of life as measured by the QOLIE-10 scale was lower in patients with NDDI-E > 13 (p <.001). Significance: The use of scales such as the NDDI-E and QOLIE-10 at the time of admission in video-EEG monitoring units allows screening for major depressive disorders in patients with epilepsy, which subsequently needs to be confirmed by formal assessment by a psychiatrist. Their systematic use in these units prevents some patients from going undiagnosed. Detection of these disorders allows targeted therapeutic intervention. ER  - 
Efficacy and Safety of adjunctive Perampanel in a prospective, real-world, Phase IV study in Indian patients aged ≥12 years for Treatment of focal-onset Epilepsy: Study 508$$$ Objective: ESPRITE (Study 508; NCT03836924) evaluated the real-world safety, tolerability, and efficacy of adjunctive perampanel in patients aged ≥12 years with focal-onset seizures (FOS), with or without focal to bilateral tonic–clonic seizures (FBTCS), in India. Methods: ESPRITE was a prospective, multicenter, single-arm, observational, Phase IV study with a 6-month Treatment Period. Patients were aged ≥12 years and had been prescribed perampanel for adjunctive treatment of FOS, with or without FBTCS. Assessments included incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs; primary endpoint), median percent reduction in seizure frequency per 28 days from baseline, 50% responder rates, and seizure-freedom rates. Results: Overall, 200 patients were enrolled (199 patients in the Safety Analysis Set and 174 patients who completed all visits in the main efficacy analyses). TEAEs (all mild or moderate in severity) were reported in 18.1% (n = 36/199) of patients (the most common were dizziness [3.0%] and irritability [2.0%]). TEAEs leading to discontinuation of perampanel were reported in 2.0% of patients; no deaths or serious TEAEs occurred. At 6 months, median percent reduction in seizure frequency was 100.0%, 50% responder rate was 83.3%, and seizure-freedom rate was 49.4%. Significance: Adjunctive perampanel (at a mean daily dose of 4 mg/day) was shown to be well tolerated and effective in patients aged ≥12 years with FOS, with or without FBTCS, from India. Plain Language Summary: Many patients do not receive adequate treatment for epilepsy and need effective seizure control medications. In this 6-month clinical study, 199 patients from India, aged 12 years or older, added perampanel to the anti-seizure medications they were already taking. At 6 months, 49% of patients experienced no seizures since starting perampanel and seizure frequency was reduced by half in 83% of patients. Side effects occurred in 18% of patients (most commonly dizziness and irritability) and caused 2% to stop perampanel; no deaths were reported. Perampanel was an effective and generally safe added medication for patients with epilepsy from India. ER  - 
Clinical outcomes among initial survivors of cryptogenic new-onset refractory status epilepsy (NORSE)$$$ Objective: New-onset refractory status epilepticus (NORSE) is a rare but severe clinical syndrome. Despite rigorous evaluation, the underlying cause is unknown in 30%–50% of patients and treatment strategies are largely empirical. The aim of this study was to describe clinical outcomes in a cohort of well-phenotyped, thoroughly investigated patients who survived the initial phase of cryptogenic NORSE managed in specialist centers. Methods: Well-characterized cases of cryptogenic NORSE were identified through the EPIGEN and Critical Care EEG Monitoring Research Consortia (CCEMRC) during the period 2005–2019. Treating epileptologists reported on post-NORSE survival rates and sequelae in patients after discharge from hospital. Among survivors >6 months post-discharge, we report the rates and severity of active epilepsy, global disability, vocational, and global cognitive and mental health outcomes. We attempt to identify determinants of outcome. Results: Among 48 patients who survived the acute phase of NORSE to the point of discharge from hospital, 9 had died at last follow-up, of whom 7 died within 6 months of discharge from the tertiary care center. The remaining 39 patients had high rates of active epilepsy as well as vocational, cognitive, and psychiatric comorbidities. The epilepsy was usually multifocal and typically drug resistant. Only a minority of patients had a good functional outcome. Therapeutic interventions were heterogenous during the acute phase of the illness. There was no clear relationship between the nature of treatment and clinical outcomes. Significance: Among survivors of cryptogenic NORSE, longer-term outcomes in most patients were life altering and often catastrophic. Treatment remains empirical and variable. There is a pressing need to understand the etiology of cryptogenic NORSE and to develop tailored treatment strategies. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric comorbidities in tuberous sclerosis complex patients with epilepsy: results of the TAND checklist survey$$$ Purpose: In addition to epilepsy, individuals with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) experience a wide range of behavioral, psychiatric, intellectual, academic, and psychosocial problems. They usually exert a large psychological burden on individuals with these illnesses. Methods: This cross-sectional study used TSC-associated neuropsychiatric disorders (TAND) checklist interviews conducted at a single medical center. The enrollment of all subjects was > 6 years, and the comorbidities of neurodevelopmental disorders were assessed by clinical psychologists before enrollment. To assess the spectrum of TAND, the TAND checklist was applied as stated in the protocol, and the responses to the TAND checklist were evaluated by clinical psychologists. Results: In the behavioral concerns of patients with TSC without epilepsy, those with epilepsy had excessive shyness, language delay, lack of eye contact, rigid behavior, inattentiveness, and restlessness. In psychiatric disorders, autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder are significantly correlated with epilepsy history. Diminished academic skills, including reading, writing, and mathematics skills, are significantly associated with epilepsy history. For intellectual ability, TSC patients without epilepsy is associated normal intelligence level. Among neuropsychological skills, deficits in attention, dual tasking/multi-tasking, visuospatial tasking, and executive skills are significantly associated with epilepsy history. Conclusions: Epilepsy in patients with TSC contributes to comorbid neuropsychiatric disorders. In addition to epilepsy evaluation, it is crucial to evaluate the heterogeneous spectrum of neuropsychiatric disorders using a standard checklist during the annual clinical follow-up of patients with TSC. ER  - 
Changes in public attitude toward epilepsy in Hungary since 1994. A multicriteria weighting analysis$$$ Objective: To assess the adult Hungarian population's knowledge about and attitude toward epilepsy and compare the present findings with previous ones in 1994 and 2000. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional survey of the Hungarian adult population from 28th February to 8th March 2023. A non-probability quota sampling with a random walk method was used. We applied the computer-assisted personal interviewing (CAPI) method and used a multicriteria weighting procedure to correct for bias along the main sociodemographic variables. To detect changes over time, we used chi-squared tests, and to analyze the effect of sociodemographic characteristics, we applied multivariate logistic regression. Results: One thousand participants (53.1% women, mean age 48.1 ± 16.75 years) representing Hungary's population were interviewed yielding a response rate of 80.3%. 26.3% knew someone with epilepsy (55.9% in 1994 and 51.9% in 2000), and 30.8% saw an epileptic seizure (58% in 1994 and 55.3% in 2000). Compared to the young, fewer adults and elderly people knew someone with epilepsy or had seen a seizure. Like in 1994 and 2000, 16.6% reported objection to their children's interaction with people with epilepsy; however, in the present study, significantly fewer people opposed their children marrying or working together with epileptic people, indicating a change in attitude (p < 0.0001). Rural residents had less objection to their children's interaction with people with epilepsy (p < 0.05). People with secondary education objected significantly more often than those with primary education to their children's interaction (p = 0.037), marriage to people with epilepsy (p = 0.043), or their having equal employment (p = 0.008). Higher education people were as “permissive” as those with primary education. Significance: Certain parameters of familiarity and attitude markers of the Hungarian population toward epilepsy have improved. These tendencies are promising, but work is still needed; our results will hopefully evoke educational programs and campaigns against negative attitudes. Plain Language Summary: The knowledge of the Hungarian population about epilepsy and their attitude toward people with epilepsy has been improved since 1994. People from rural areas have shown more acceptance for people with epilepsy. Those people who completed secondary education were significantly more prone to stigmatization than those with primary education. ER  - 
Enrolment of the first paediatric cohort into the Australian lupus registry and biobank: A single-centre experience$$$ Introduction: We aim to report on the feasibility of establishment of the first paediatric cohort as part of the longitudinal database of the Australian Lupus Registry and Biobank (ALRB) and to describe the enrolment data with a focus on clinical characteristics, serological data, treatment strategies and patient/parent-reported outcome measures. Methods: All patients under the age of 18 years with a diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) attending the paediatric rheumatology service of a single, tertiary hospital were identified. Patients were enrolled in the ALRB if they met ≥4/11 of the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 1997 SLE classification criteria or the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics (SLICC) 2012 classification criteria. Enrolment data including demographics, clinical characteristics, serological profiles, disease activity and damage assessments were recorded. Peds-QL Rheumatology and General Modules were used to assess patient and parent-reported outcomes. Results: Twenty-seven patients were eligible for inclusion, with 26 patients (96%) consenting for enrolment. Twenty-five patients (92%) consented for biobanking. Twenty patients (77%) were female. The median age at enrolment was 16 years (interquartile range (IQR) 13.7, 17.4). The median disease duration from diagnosis was 3.2 years (IQR 1.4, 5.3). Sixteen patients (62%) had synovitis, 16 (62%) had cutaneous involvement, 4 (15%) had serositis, 17 (65%) had haematological involvement and 7 (27%) had renal involvement at enrolment. Nineteen patients (73%) were prescribed at least two disease-modifying anti-rheumatic medications (DMARDs). Hydroxychloroquine (n = 22, 85%) and mycophenolate mofetil (n = 9, 35%) were the most commonly prescribed DMARDs. The median SLEDAI-2K score was 2 (IQR 2, 4). Six patients (23%) had active disease (SLEDAI-2K ≥6) at enrolment. Three patients (11.5%) had reported damage using the SLICC/ACR Damage Index. Twenty-three children (88%) and eighteen parents (69%) completed the Paediatric Quality of Life Inventory. Quality of life scores reported across domains of physical, emotional, social and school functioning at enrolment were comparable to previously studied paediatric cohorts with SLE and other chronic diseases. Conclusion: We have established our centre as the first paediatric participating site of the ALRB, providing contemporary data on the clinical characteristics, serological profile and health-related quality of life outcomes of Australian children with SLE. Paediatric involvement with this national registry will provide a unique perspective for future clinical and scientific research. Collection of Australian-specific paediatric longitudinal data will also enable a broader understanding of SLE within a multicultural Australian population. ER  - 
Hospitalizations and transgender patients in the United States$$$ It is known that transgender people experience health inequalities. Disparities in hospital outcomes impacting transgender individuals have been inadequately explored. We conducted this retrospective cohort study using the National Inpatient Sample (01/2018–12/2019) to compare in-hospital mortality and utilization variables between cisgender and transgender individuals using regression analyses. Approximately two-thirds of hospitalizations for transgender patients (n = 10,245) were for psychiatric diagnoses. Compared to cisgender patients, there were no significant differences in adjusted means differences (aMD) in length of stay (LOS) (aMD = −0.29; p =.16) or total charges (aMD = −$486; p =.56). An additional 4870 transgender patients were admitted for medical diagnoses. Transgender and cisgender individuals had similar adjusted odds ratios (aOR) for in-hospital mortality (aOR = 0.96; p =.88) and total hospital charges (aMD = −$3118; p =.21). However, transgender individuals had longer LOS (aMD = +0.46 days; confidence interval [CI]: 0.15–0.90; p =.04). When comparing mortality and resource utilization between cisgender and transgender individuals, differences were negligible. ER  - 
Comparative analysis of patients with new onset refractory status epilepticus preceded by fever (febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome) versus without prior fever: An interim analysis$$$ Febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome (FIRES) is a subset of new onset refractory status epilepticus (NORSE) that involves a febrile infection prior to the onset of the refractory status epilepticus. It is unclear whether FIRES and non-FIRES NORSE are distinct conditions. Here, we compare 34 patients with FIRES to 30 patients with non-FIRES NORSE for demographics, clinical features, neuroimaging, and outcomes. Because patients with FIRES were younger than patients with non-FIRES NORSE (median = 28 vs. 48 years old, p =.048) and more likely cryptogenic (odds ratio = 6.89), we next ran a regression analysis using age or etiology as a covariate. Respiratory and gastrointestinal prodromes occurred more frequently in FIRES patients, but no difference was found for non-infection-related prodromes. Status epilepticus subtype, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and magnetic resonance imaging findings, and outcomes were similar. However, FIRES cases were more frequently cryptogenic; had higher CSF interleukin 6, CSF macrophage inflammatory protein-1 alpha (MIP-1a), and serum chemokine ligand 2 (CCL2) levels; and received more antiseizure medications and immunotherapy. After controlling for age or etiology, no differences were observed in presenting symptoms and signs or inflammatory biomarkers, suggesting that FIRES and non-FIRES NORSE are very similar conditions. ER  - 
Ganglionic Local Opioid Analgesia at the Superior Cervical Ganglion: MRI-Verified Solution Spread$$$ Introduction: Ganglionic local opioid analgesia (GLOA) at the superior cervical ganglion (SCG) is performed for pain control and is known to be an effective procedure. In this study, we evaluated the spread of the injectate in the area of the SCG. Our expectation was that there would be a correlation between the area and volume of the injectate spread and post-procedural outcome measures. Methods: This was a retrospective blinded review of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans. Assessors evaluated the anatomical area of fluid spread, the furthermost spread from midline, any hampered spread and contact of contrast fluid with other structures. The efficacy of GLOA and complications were estimated. Results: The main solution spread reached from the C1 to C3 vertebrae. The furthest spread in the lateral and sagittal planes was 21.2 and 15.2 mm, respectively. The furthest craniocaudal spread was 63.5 mm. In 53.3% and 33% of interventions, the solution was found in the parapharyngeal space and in its “medial compartment,” respectively. A correlation was found between pain relief and both solution spread and volume of solution spread. No hampered spread was recorded. A negative correlation between pain reduction and number of GLOA was observed. Higher pre-procedural pain intensity was correlated with higher pain reduction. We estimated pain relief in 93% of procedures correctly. No correlation between post-procedural Numerical Rating Scale (NRS) scores and different needle approaches was found. Conclusion: For the transoral blocking technique, a strict laterodorsal needle direction is recommended to prevent possible block failures. A total volume of 2 ml injected into the parapharyngeal space and its “medial compartment” is recommended. Higher volumes may lead to uncontrolled distribution patterns. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov identifier NCT05257655; date of registration 2022-02-25; patient enrollment date from 2023-01-09 to 2023-08-31. ER  - 
Validation of MyFORTA: An Automated Tool to Improve Medications in Older People Based on the FORTA List$$$ Background: Listing tools have been developed to improve medications in older patients, including the Fit fOR The Aged (FORTA) list, a clinically validated, positive-negative list of medication appropriateness. Here, we aim to validate MyFORTA, an automated tool for individualized application of the FORTA list. Methods: 331 participants of a multi-center cohort study (AgeCoDe) for whom the FORTA score (sum of overtreatment and undertreatment errors) had been determined manually (gold standard [GS]) were reassessed using the automated MyFORTA (MF) tool. This tool determines the score from ATC and ICD codes combined with clinical parameters. Results: The FORTA scores were 9.01 ± 2.91 (mean ± SD, MF) versus 6.02 ± 2.52 (GS) (p < 0.00001). Removing undertreatment errors for calcium/vitamin D (controversial guidelines) and influenza/pneumococcal vaccinations (no robust information in the database), the difference decreased: 7.5 ± 2.7 (MF) versus 5.98 ± 2.55 (GS) (p < 0.00001). The remaining difference was driven by, for example, missing nitro spray in coronary heart disease/acute coronary syndrome as the related information was rarely found in the database, but notoriously detected by MF. Three hundred and forty errors from those 100 patients with the largest score deviation accounted for 68% of excess errors by MF. Conclusion: MF was more sensitive to detect medication errors than GS, all frequent errors only detected by MF were plausible, and almost no adaptations of the MF algorithm seem indicated. This automated tool to check medication appropriateness according to the FORTA list is now validated and represents the first clinically directed algorithm in this context. It should ease the application of FORTA and help to implement the proven beneficial effects of FORTA on clinical endpoints. ER  - 
Autism Spectrum Disorders in Calabar, Nigeria$$$ Objectives Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder that is prevalent worldwide. The incidence of autism has increased worldwide. However, there is a dearth of data in sub-Saharan Africa. The study is aimed at determining the clinical and socio-developmental profile of children with ASD in a tertiary hospital in Nigeria. Materials & Methods This study is a six-year retrospective review of the medical records of children who presented with clinical autism diagnoses at the Department of Pediatrics, University of Calabar Teaching Hospital. Relevant data were extracted from the medical records of those who met the diagnostic criteria. Descriptive statistics were presented in proportions, percentages, and tables. Results Of the 1806 children with neurological disorders seen in the clinic within the study period, twenty-eight were found to have symptoms of autism based on the American Psychiatric Association›s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual V (DSM-5) criteria, giving a prevalence of 1.6%. The mean age at diagnosis was 3.8 ±1.4 (range 2 to 10) years, with a male-to-female ratio of 3:1. About two-thirds of the children diagnosed were older than three years. Seven percent of the children had siblings with autism, 53.5% of children with autism in the study had hyperactivity as comorbidity, while seizures were found in 7% of cases. Conclusion The prevalence of ASD among children seen in Calabar is 1.6%. Hyperactivity, mental retardation, and seizure disorders are associated comorbidities in the study. Late presentation is a common feature in this facility. Thus, increasing awareness is essential to enhance early recognition, timely diagnosis, and appropriate intervention. ER  - 
(R)-(-)-Ketamine: The Promise of a Novel Treatment for Psychiatric and Neurological Disorders$$$ NMDA receptor antagonists have potential for therapeutics in neurological and psychiatric diseases, including neurodegenerative diseases, epilepsy, traumatic brain injury, substance abuse disorder (SUD), and major depressive disorder (MDD). (S)-ketamine was the first of a novel class of antidepressants, rapid-acting antidepressants, to be approved for medical use. The stereoisomer, (R)-ketamine (arketamine), is currently under development for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). The compound has demonstrated efficacy in multiple animal models. Two clinical studies disclosed efficacy in TRD and bipolar depression. A study by the drug sponsor recently failed to reach a priori clinical endpoints but post hoc analysis revealed efficacy. The clinical value of (R)-ketamine is supported by experimental data in humans and rodents, showing that it is less sedating, does not produce marked psychotomimetic or dissociative effects, has less abuse potential than (S)-ketamine, and produces efficacy in animal models of a range of neurological and psychiatric disorders. The mechanisms of action of the antidepressant effects of (R)-ketamine are hypothesized to be due to NMDA receptor antagonism and/or non-NMDA receptor mechanisms. We suggest that further clinical experimentation with (R)-ketamine will create novel and improved medicines for some of the neurological and psychiatric disorders that are underserved by current medications. ER  - 
Sequential levetiracetam and phenytoin in electroencephalographic neonatal seizures unresponsive to phenobarbital: a multicenter prospective observational study in India$$$ Background: Although levetiracetam and phenytoin are widely used antiseizure medications (ASM) in neonates, their efficacy on seizure freedom is unclear. We evaluated electroencephalographic (EEG) seizure freedom following sequential levetiracetam and phenytoin in neonatal seizures unresponsive to phenobarbital. Methods: We recruited neonates born ≥35 weeks and aged <72 h who had continued electrographic seizures despite phenobarbital, from three Indian hospitals, between 20 June 2020 and 31 July 2022. The neonates were treated with intravenous levetiracetam (20 mg/kg x 2 doses, second line) followed by phenytoin (20 mg/kg x 2 doses, third line) if seizures persisted. The primary outcome was complete seizure freedom, defined as an absence of seizures on EEG for at least 60 min within 40 min from the start of infusion. Findings: Of the 206 neonates with continued seizures despite phenobarbital, 152 received levetiracetam with EEG. Of these one EEG was missing, 47 (31.1%) were in status epilepticus, and primary outcome data were available in 145. Seizure freedom occurred in 20 (13.8%; 95% CI 8.6%–20.5%) after levetiracetam; 16 (80.0%) responded to the first dose and 4 (20.0%) to the second dose. Of the 125 neonates with persisting seizures after levetiracetam, 114 received phenytoin under EEG monitoring. Of these, the primary outcome data were available in 104. Seizure freedom occurred in 59 (56.7%; 95% CI 46.7%–66.4%) neonates; 54 (91.5%) responded to the first dose and 5 (8.5%) to the second dose. Interpretation: With the conventional doses, levetiracetam was associated with immediate EEG seizure cessation in only 14% of phenobarbital unresponsive neonatal seizures. Additional treatment with phenytoin along with levetiracetam attained seizure freedom in further 57%. Safety and efficacy of higher doses of levetiracetam should be evaluated in well-designed randomised controlled trials. Funding: National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) Research and Innovation for Global Health Transformation (NIHR200144). ER  - 
Delirium in acute stroke is associated with increased cognitive and psychiatric symptoms over time: The Nor-COAST study$$$ Background: Delirium, an acute and fluctuating mental disturbance of attention, cognition, and consciousness, commonly occurs in acute stroke. Research on long-term outcomes of stroke patients experiencing delirium is limited, especially regarding cognitive and psychiatric symptoms. Methods: As part of the Nor-COAST study, 373 patients were screened for delirium using the Confusion Assessment Method (CAM) in the acute phase of stroke. Patients were included in the mixed-model linear regression analyses if they had available data from the follow-ups at three, 18 or 36 months, totaling 334 (44.6 % women, mean (SD) age: 72.1 (12.5) years, 17 (5.1 %) diagnosed with delirium). Global cognition was measured using the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA). Psychiatric symptoms were measured using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the Neuropsychiatric Inventory-Questionnaire (NPI-Q). Results: At three months, delirium was associated with a higher NPI-Q score (Mean (SD) 2.9 (3.6) vs 1.4 (2.2)). At 18 and 36 months, delirium was associated with a lower MoCA score (Mean (SD) 19.7 (6.6) vs 24.3 (5.0), and 20.6 (7.6) vs 24.6 (4.8)), higher HADS anxiety symptoms (5.0 (4.3) vs 3.3 (3.3), and 5.9 (4.1) vs 3.4 (3.6)), higher HADS depression symptoms (7.2 (4.7) vs 3.4 (3.3), and 6.6 (5.1) vs 3.7 (3.7)), and higher NPI-Q score (2.4 (4.4) vs 1.7 (2.3), 2.6 (4.5) vs 1.0 (1.9)). Delirium significantly predicted the psychiatric symptoms hallucinations and agitation. Conclusions: Patients with delirium in the acute phase of stroke may be particularly vulnerable to developing cognitive and psychiatric symptoms in the chronic phase. ER  - 
Predicting in-hospital mortality using Elixhauser comorbidity in patients underwent single and multiple coronary artery bypass surgery$$$ Background: Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting (CABG) is a high-risk surgery. Cardiovascular diseases are strongly associated with comorbidities. This study aimed to assess the prediction of in-hospital mortality by comorbidities in patients who underwent CABG. Methods: The National Inpatient Sample database was used to extract patients who received 1, 2, 3, and 4+ CABG between Q4 2015 and 2020. Best-fit model by logistic regressions was used to predict in-hospital mortality by Elixhauser Comorbidity Index (ECI). Moreover, age was adjusted in ECI prediction. Results: There were 190,524, 83,725, 48,147, and 13,540 patients who underwent 1, 2, 3, and 4+ CABG, respectively. In-hospital mortality was best predicted by ECI in 3 CABG (c-statistic = 0.63, 95 % CI = 0.62–0.65), followed by 4+ CABG (c-statistic = 0.63, 95 % CI = 0.60–0.66), 1 CABG (c-statistic = 0.62, 95 % CI = 0.61–0.63), and 2 CABG (c-statistic = 0.62, 95 % CI = 0.61–0.63). After adjusting for age, ECI adequately predicted in-hospital mortality in 4+ CABG (c-statistic = 0.72, 95 % CI = 0.69–0.75) and 3 CABG (c-statistic = 0.69, 95 % CI = 0.68–0.71). Predictive powers for age-adjusted ECI were comparable in 1 CABG (c-statistic=0.67, 95 % CI = 0.66–0.68) and 2 CABG (c-statistic = 0.67, 95 % CI = 0.65–0.68). Conclusions: ECI was a moderate (c-statistic 0.6–0.7) predictor of in-hospital mortality in all CABG. Age-adjusted ECI could effectively predict in-hospital mortality, especially in patients who underwent 3 and 4+ CABG. ER  - 
The effect of 20-minute mindful breathing exercise on psychological well-being in epilepsy: A pilot randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Depression and anxiety are prevalent in epilepsy patients, but psychiatric or psychological services may not be accessible to all patients. This study aimed to determine the effectiveness of the 20-minute mindful breathing on the psychological well-being of PWE using an instructional video. Method: This was a pilot, assessor-blinded, randomized controlled trial. The intervention group received a guided video and was briefed to perform the exercise twice a week for two weeks while the waitlist control group only received the video upon completion of the study. The subjects were assessed at three-time points (T0: Baseline, T1: 2 weeks after the intervention, T2: 4 weeks after intervention), using the Neurological Disorders Depression Index (NDDI-E), General Anxiety Disorder (GAD-7), Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31) and Mindfulness Attention Awareness Scale (MAAS). Results: Twenty patients were recruited, with 10 in the intervention and waitlist-control groups. Compared with the waitlist-control group, participants in the intervention group showed significant improvement in NDDI-E at T1 (p = 0.022) but not at T2 (p = 0.056) and greater improvement in GAD-7 at T1 and T2 but not statistically significant. The QOLIE-31 overall score in the intervention group has significantly improved at T1 (p = 0.036) and T2 (p = 0.031) compared to the waitlist-control group. For MAAS, the intervention group also had an increased score at T2 (p = 0.025). Conclusion: The 20-minute mindfulness breathing exercise has an immediate effect in improving depression and quality of life among people with epilepsy. ER  - 
The prevalence and correlates of PTSD, insomnia, and fatigue among people with epilepsy during Oct.7th war on Gaza: A study from Jordan$$$ Jordan and Palestine are tightly related countries as the same families live in the two adjacent countries. The present study sought to examine the prevalence and determinants of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)symptoms, insomnia, and fatigue among a cohort of People with Epilepsy (PWE) in Jordan. This is a cross-sectional study with inclusion criteria. PTSD, insomnia, and fatigue were assessed using validated scales. Data were analyzed from 109 PWE, PTSD symptoms were screened in (35.5 %), and Insomnia was screened in 51.8 %, moreover, fatigue mean score ± SD was 44.64 ± 26.96. PTSD symptoms were significantly associated with “females” and “age above 30 years” Insomnia severity was associated with “females”. Also, the regression results demonstrated that “abstinence from social media” was significantly related to lower insomnia severity. Higher fatigue severity was associated with “married” and “Generalized Tonic-Clonic Seizures”, whereas, lower fatigue severity was associated with “males”, and with “levetiracetam”. Our findings indicate the need for actions to alleviate mental health deterioration in PWE. ER  - 
Death of a loved one: A potential risk factor for onset of functional seizures$$$ Functional seizures (FS) are a symptom of Functional Neurological Disorder (FND), the second most common neurological diagnosis made worldwide. Childhood trauma is associated with the development of FS, but more research is needed to truly understand the effects of trauma on FS onset. A sample of 256 responses by adults with FS to the Childhood Traumatic Events Scale were analyzed using a Cox proportional hazard model. When investigating each unique childhood traumatic exposure and its associated self-reported severity together, experiencing death of a loved one and experiencing violence were significantly associated with FS onset, suggesting reduced time from trauma exposure to first FS. Death of a loved one in childhood is often overlooked as an influential risk factor for future development of serious mental illnesses such as FS. In this study we show death of a loved one in childhood should be considered as an influential traumatic experience and recommend FND researchers examine its prevalence in patient histories and the potential effects on attachment-related processes and clinical treatment formulations. We recommend future studies incorporate loss of a loved one during childhood (before age 18) in both quantitative and qualitative assessments of persons with FND. ER  - 
Social support and the burden of physical and psychiatric comorbidities in the patients with late-onset epilepsy in China: A cross-sectional study$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy is the third most common neurological disorder in elderly people. Patients with epilepsy (PWEs) are more likely to have comorbidities. Social support is very important for PWEs. However, there are many gaps in the research on social support in older PWEs, especially the correlation between social support and comorbidities. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in three hospitals in China. Social support was assessed using the Social Support Rate Scale. The burden of physical comorbidities was assessed using the CCI, and global disability was assessed using the mRS. The NDDIE was used to assess depression, the GAD7 was used for anxiety, the CDR was used for cognitive status, and the NPI was used for psychotic symptoms. Results: A total of 154 older PWEs participated in the study. There were 97 patients with at least one physical comorbidities. The burden of physical comorbidities was negatively correlated with overall social support (Adj. r = -0.35, P < 0.001) and global disability (Adj. r = -0.45, P < 0.001). In terms of psychiatric comorbidities, anxiety, depression, and cognitive status were not correlated with overall social support (Adj. r = -0.03, −0.02, and −0.11, P > 0.05). Psychotic symptoms were correlated with overall social support (Adj. r = -0.20, P < 0.05). The overall burden of psychiatric comorbidities was associated with overall social support (r = 0.30, P < 0.01). Discussion: Neurologists and social workers should consider more personalized biopsychosocial care to improve the quality of life of older PWEs. ER  - 
Sleep profiles in epilepsy patients undergoing monotherapy and polytherapy: A comparative cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: Sleep disturbances commonly reported among epilepsy patients have a reciprocal relationship with the condition; While epilepsy and anti-seizure medications (ASMs) can disrupt sleep structure, disturbed sleep can also exacerbate the frequency of seizures. This study explored subjective sleep disturbances and compared sleep profiles in patients who underwent ASM monotherapy and polytherapy. Methods: We enrolled 176 epilepsy patients who completed a structured questionnaire containing demographic and clinical information and the Persian versions of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), and Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) to evaluate sleep quality, insomnia, excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS), and depressive symptoms, respectively. Chi-square and Mann-Whitney U tests were employed to analyze the association between variables, and logistic regression analysis was conducted to identify factors predicting sleep disturbances. Results: Comparative analysis of mono/polytherapy groups revealed a significantly higher prevalence of insomnia and EDS among patients on polytherapy compared to monotherapy. However, no significant difference was found in sleep quality between the two groups. Logistic regression analysis revealed that a depressive mood serves as a robust predictor for sleep issues, whereas treatment type did not emerge as an independent predictor of sleep disturbances. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that an increased number of ASMs does not inherently result in a higher incidence of sleep issues. Therefore, multiple ASMs may be prescribed when necessary to achieve improved seizure control. Furthermore, this study underscores the importance of comprehensive management that addresses seizure control and treating affective symptoms in individuals with epilepsy. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of patients with refractory non-epileptic seizures$$$ Objectives: This incidence of non-epileptic seizures (NES) is estimated at 1–35 per 100,000 population. While many patients achieve remission, a significant fraction of patients have a poor prognosis despite optimal interventions. This study reports on the characteristics of patients with refractory NES diagnosed and treated at a comprehensive epilepsy centre. Methods: A retrospective review of admissions to the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit identified patients diagnosed with NES over a 6-year period. Patients with refractory NES were identified through review of medical files. A diagnosis of refractory NES was assigned when patients experienced ongoing NES at least 1 year after diagnostic video-EEG monitoring. Data pertaining to predisposing, precipitating and perpetuating factors was collected on all patients and a comparative analysis was conducted between refractory and non-refractory cases. Results: 66 patients with NES were identified, 35% were deemed refractory. There was no significant difference amongst predisposing factors between the groups. Psychosocial adversity and a clear precipitant proximate to the onset of NES were significantly more common in the refractory cohort. Unemployment at time of diagnosis was a significant perpetuating factor associated with poor outcome. Conclusion: This study provides insight into the features associated with refractory NES and may serve to improve prognostication and management in this disabling condition. ER  - 
Characterization and quantification of epilepsy patients with hospital episodes in Portugal: A multicenter retrospective study from Liga Portuguesa Contra a Epilepsia$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy affects around 50 million people worldwide and is associated with lower quality of life scores, an increased risk of premature death, and significant socio-economic implications. The lack of updated evidence on current epidemiology and patient characterization creates considerable uncertainty regarding the epilepsy burden in Portugal. The study aims to characterize and quantify the epilepsy patients who have been hospitalized, with medical or surgical procedures involved, and to analyze their associated comorbidities and mortality rates. Methods: A multicenter retrospective study was conducted using hospital production data of epilepsy patients. The study included all patients diagnosed with epilepsy-related International Classification of Diseases-9/10 codes between 2015 and 2018 in 57 Portuguese National Health Service (NHS) hospitals (n = 57 institutions). Patient characterization and quantification were done for all patients with an epilepsy diagnosis, with specific analyses focusing on those whose primary diagnosis was epilepsy. Baseline, demographic, and clinical characteristics were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Results: Between 2015 and 2018, a total of 80,494 hospital episodes (i.e., patient visit that generates hospitalization and procedures) were recorded, with 18 % to 19 % directly related to epilepsy. Among these epilepsy-related hospital episodes, 13.0 % led to short term hospitalizations (less than 24 h). Additionally, the average length of stay for all these epilepsy-related episodes was 8 days. A total of 49,481 patients were identified with epilepsy based on ICD-9/10 codes. The median age of patients was 64 years (min: 0; max: 104), with a distribution of 4.8 patients per 1,000 inhabitants. From the total of deaths (9,606) between 2015 and 2018, 14% were associated with patients whose primary diagnosis was epilepsy, with 545 of these being epilepsy-related deaths. Among patients with a primary diagnosis of epilepsy, the most common comorbidities were hypertension (24%) and psychiatric-related or similar comorbidities (15%), such as alcohol dependance, depressive and major depressive disorders, dementia and other convulsions. Conclusion: This study showed similar results to other European countries. However, due to methodological limitations, a prospective epidemiological study is needed to support this observation. Furthermore, the present study provides a comprehensive picture of hospitalized epilepsy patients in Portugal, their comorbidities, mortality, and hospital procedures. ER  - 
Chronic idiopathic urinary retention: Comorbidity and outcome in 102 individuals$$$ Objectives: Chronic Idiopathic urinary retention is poorly understood. One small study suggests higher than expected rates of functional neurological disorder and pain comorbidity which may have implications for understanding the disorder. We investigated the frequency of functional neurological disorder, chronic pain other medical and psychiatric comorbidity, triggers of urinary retention, results of urodynamic assessment, medication history, management, and outcome in patients with chronic idiopathic urinary retention. Methods: A consecutive retrospective electronic notes analysis was undertaken of patients with chronic idiopathic urinary retention presenting to a secondary care urology clinic between Jan 2018-Jan 2021, with follow-up to their most recent urological appointment. Results: 102 patients were identified (mean age of 41.9 years, 98% female). 25% had functional neurological disorder (n = 26), most commonly limb weakness (n = 19, 19%) and functional seizures (n = 16, 16%). Chronic pain (n = 58, 57%) was a common comorbidity. Surgical and medical riggers to urinary retention were found in almost half of patients (n = 49, 48%). 81% of patients underwent urodynamic assessment (n = 83). Most frequently no specific abnormality was reported (n = 30, 29%). Hypertonic urethral sphincter was the most identified urodynamic abnormality (n = 17, 17%). We noted high levels of opioid (n = 50, 49%) and benzodiazepine (n = 27, 26%) use. Urinary retention resolved in only a small number of patients (n = 6, 6%, median follow up 54 months), in three cases spontaneously. Conclusion: This preliminary data suggests idiopathic urinary retention is commonly comorbid with functional neurological disorder, and chronic pain, suggesting shared mechanisms. ER  - 
Impact of jail-based methadone or buprenorphine treatment on non-fatal opioid overdose after incarceration$$$ Background: Non-fatal overdose is a leading predictor of subsequent fatal overdose. For individuals who are incarcerated, the risk of experiencing an overdose is highest when transitioning from a correctional setting to the community. We assessed if enrollment in jail-based medications for opioid use disorder (MOUD) is associated with lower risk of non-fatal opioid overdoses after jail release among individuals with opioid use disorder (OUD). Methods: This was a retrospective, observational cohort study of adults with OUD who were incarcerated in New York City jails and received MOUD or did not receive any MOUD (out-of-treatment) within the last three days before release to the community in 2011–2017. The outcome was the first non-fatal opioid overdose emergency department (ED) visit within 1 year of jail release during 2011–2017. Covariates included demographic, clinical, incarceration-related, and other characteristics. We performed multivariable cause-specific Cox proportional hazards regression analysis to compare the risk of non-fatal opioid overdose ED visits within 1 year after jail release between groups. Results: MOUD group included 8660 individuals with 17,119 incarcerations; out-of-treatment group included 10,163 individuals with 14,263 incarcerations. Controlling for covariates and accounting for competing risks, in-jail MOUD was associated with lower non-fatal opioid overdose risk within 14 days after jail release (adjusted HR=0.49, 95% confidence interval=0.33–0.74). We found no significant differences 15–28, 29–56, or 57–365 days post-release. Conclusion: MOUD group had lower risk of non-fatal opioid overdose immediately after jail release. Wider implementation of MOUD in US jails could potentially reduce post-release overdoses, ED utilization, and associated healthcare costs. ER  - 
Identifying co-morbidities and risk in people with epilepsy: The Maltese experience$$$ Background: People with epilepsy are at increased risk of multiple co-morbidities that may influence risk of adverse outcomes including impact on quality of life and premature mortality. These risk factors include potentially modifiable clinical characteristics associated with sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP). For services to tackle risk, the clinical complexity of the target epilepsy population needs to be defined. While this has been comprehensively studied in large, economically developed countries little knowledge of these issues exist in small economically developed countries, like Malta (population: 500,000). Methods: This was a single centre study focused exclusively on patients attending Gozo General Hospital (GGH) Malta. STROBE guidance for reporting cross sectional studies was used to design and report the study. This was a retrospective review of standard care and SUDEP and seizure risks provided to all adults (over 18 years) with epilepsy attending GGH (2018–2021). Results: The review identified 68 people and 92% were compliant with their anti-seizure medication. A fifth (21%) had an intellectual disability. Despite only one patient having a psychotic illness, 19% were on antipsychotic medication. Only 18% of patients had a specific epilepsy care plan, 6% nocturnal surveillance and none had received advice on SUDEP. Discussion: Patient outcomes may be improved with increasing rates of personalized epilepsy care plans, appropriate nocturnal surveillance and reducing the prescription of antipsychotic medication as it is associated with greater risk of mortality. Issues such as stigma and shame appear to play a significant role in small communities and their access to care. ER  - 
Comparison of minimally invasive to standard temporal lobectomy approaches to epilepsy surgery: Seizure relief and visual confrontation naming outcomes$$$ The purpose of this study was to systematically examine three different surgical approaches in treating left medial temporal lobe epilepsy (mTLE) (viz., subtemporal selective amygdalohippocampectomy [subSAH], stereotactic laser amygdalohippocampotomy [SLAH], and anterior temporal lobectomy [ATL]), to determine which procedures are most favorable in terms of visual confrontation naming and seizure relief outcome. This was a retrospective study of 33 adults with intractable mTLE who underwent left temporal lobe surgery at three different epilepsy surgery centers who also underwent pre-, and at least 6-month post-surgical neuropsychological testing. Measures included the Boston Naming Test (BNT) and the Engel Epilepsy Surgery Outcome Scale. Fisher's exact tests revealed a statistically significant decline in naming in ATLs compared to SLAHs, but no other significant group differences. 82% of ATL and 36% of subSAH patients showed a significant naming decline whereas no SLAH patient (0%) had a significant naming decline. Significant postoperative naming improvement was seen in 36% of SLAH patients in contrast to 9% improvement in subSAH patients and 0% improvement in ATLs. Finally, there were no statistically significant differences between surgical approaches with regard to seizure freedom outcome, although there was a trend towards better seizure relief outcome among the ATL patients. Results support a possible benefit of SLAH in preserving visual confrontation naming after left TLE surgery. While result interpretation is limited by the small sample size, findings suggest outcome is likely to differ by surgical approach, and that further research on cognitive and seizure freedom outcomes is needed to inform patients and providers of potential risks and benefits with each. ER  - 
Quality of life in people with epilepsy: Associations with resilience, internalized stigma, and clinical factors in a low-income population$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy is a common neurological disorder associated with comorbidities and a reduced quality of life (QoL). Internalized stigma is negatively correlatedwiththe QoL, whereas high levels of resilience are associated with increased QoL. Although the stigma towards people with epilepsy (PWE) is expected to be higher in low-income settings than in high-income settings, further research is needed. This study aimed to examine the extent to which resilience and internalized stigma correlatewith the QoL in PWE from a low-income population. Material and Methods: A cross-sectional, observational, descriptive study was conducted on 60 PWE who visited the Neurology Department of the Hospital de Clinicas (Buenos Aires, Argentina) between May and September 2022. Demographic and clinical data were collected. Participants completed the Quality of Life, Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire-Short Form (Q-LES-Q-SF), the Chronic Illness Anticipated Stigma Scale (CIASS), and the Resilience Scale (RS). Variables that showed a significant association with the QoL in the univariate analysis were included in a multiple regression model. Results: Participants had a low overall QoL score, with a median of 59 (95 %CI: 57.2–61.8). They had an average level of education and a high rate of unemployment. Perceived stigma was higher in the workplace than in the medical or family settings. Univariate analysis revealed that the QoL was associated with internalized stigma score, resilience score, seizure frequency, seizure etiology, work status, and educational level. The multiple regressionrevealed a significant decrease in the QoL when perceived stigma increased (p = 0.0016) or when the cause of epilepsy was structural (p = 0,006) and a significant increase in the QoL when the resilience score was higher (p = 0.0004). Conclusion: The QoL of PWE in a low-income context is strongly associated with their levels of resilience and internalized stigma. When addressing the social burden of epilepsy, resilience support should be increased in the care of PWE to reduce internalized stigma and improve the QoL. ER  - 
Quality of life predictors among Moroccan adults with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: This study aimed to determine the factors associated with quality of life (QOL) in adult patients living with epilepsy in Morocco. Methods: 110 patients with epilepsy aging 18 years old were interviewed using the standard and validated Moroccan version of the Quality of Life in Epilepsy inventory with 31 items (QOLIE-31). Descriptive statistics, one-way ANOVA, and multivariate regression were used for data analysis. Results: The mean age of the patients was 35.70 years old (standard deviation (SD)12.2). The mean total score of QOLIE-31 was 43.6±10.2. The highest mean±SD score was the medication effects subscale 52.3±12.1, and the lowest was the overall quality of life subscale 39.2±13.2. Patients with no seizure episode during the last month had a better mean total score of QOLIE-31 (47.6±10.5) than the study participants having a seizure in the last month (40.6±8.9, p≤0.001). These data supported that presence of seizure in the past 4 weeks (β=4.626, CI95 % 1.123; 8.130), memory disorders (β=10.025, IC 95 % 2.811; 17.239), seizure trigger factors such as forgetting to take antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) (β=5.205, IC 95 % 1.769; 8.641), personal problems (β=4.957, IC 95 % 0.604; 9.310), low monthly income (<2000MAD, 194.94$: β= −9.937, IC 95 % −18.536; −1.338), (2000–5000MAD, 194.94$- 487.35$: β= −24.804, IC 95 % −43.171; −6.437), and employment (β= −4.291, IC 95 % −7.976; −0.605) were the factors associated with QOL. Significance: The overall QOL of patients with epilepsy was low. This study showed that the presence of seizures, memory disorders, monthly income, trigger factors, and employment status were QOL predictors for epileptic patients. ER  - 
The utility of serum glucose potassium ratio as a predictive factor for haemorrhagic transformation, stroke recurrence, and mortality among ischemic stroke patients$$$ Background and Objective: Glucose-Potassium Ratio (GPR) has emerged as a biomarker in several pathophysiological conditions. However, the association between GPR and long-term outcomes in stroke patients has not been investigated. Our study evaluated the applicability of baseline GPR as a predictive prognostic tool for clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients. Methods: The multicenter retrospective cohort study included acute-subacute adult ischemic stroke patients who had their baseline serum GPR levels measured. Eligible patients were categorized into two sub-cohorts based on the baseline GPR levels (<1.67 vs. ≥ 1.67). The primary outcome was the incidence of 30-day hemorrhagic transformation, while stroke recurrence, and all-cause mortality within twelve months, were considered secondary. Results: Among 4083 patients screened, 1047 were included in the current study. In comparison with GPR < 1.67 group, patients with ≥ 1.67 GPR had a significantly higher ratio of all-cause mortality within twelve months (aHR 2.07 [95 % CI 1.21–3.75] p = 0.01), and higher ratio of 30-day hemorrhagic transformation but failed to reach the statistical significance (aHR 1.60 [95 % CI 0.95–2.79], p = 0.08). Conclusion: Overall, baseline GPR serum is an independent predictor of all-cause mortality within twelve months in patients with acute and subacute ischemic stroke. Further clinical studies are necessary to validate these findings. ER  - 
The incidence of neurological complications in mechanically ventilated COVID-19 ICU patients: An observational single-center cohort study in three COVID-19 periods$$$ Background: Neurological complications in COVID-19 patients admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU) have been previously reported. As the pandemic progressed, therapeutic strategies were tailored to new insights. This study describes the incidence, outcome, and types of reported neurological complications in invasively mechanically ventilated (IMV) COVID-19 patients in relation to three periods during the pandemic. Methods: IMV COVID-19 ICU patients from the Dutch Maastricht Intensive Care COVID (MaastrICCht) cohort were included in a single-center study (March 2020 – October 2021). Demographic, clinical, and follow-up data were collected. Electronic medical records were screened for neurological complications during hospitalization. Three distinct periods (P1, P2, P3) were defined, corresponding to periods with high hospitalization rates. ICU survivors with and without reported neurological complications were compared in an exploratory analysis. Results: IMV COVID-19 ICU patients (n=324; median age 64 [IQR 57–72] years; 238 males (73.5%)) were stratified into P1 (n=94), P2 (n=138), and P3 (n=92). ICU mortality did not significantly change over time (P1=38.3%; P2=41.3%; P3=37.0%; p=.787). The incidence of reported neurological complications during ICU admission gradually decreased over the periods (P1=29.8%; P2=24.6%; P3=18.5%; p=.028). Encephalopathy/delirium (48/324 (14.8%)) and ICU-acquired weakness (32/324 (9.9%)) were most frequently reported and associated with ICU treatment intensity. ICU survivors with neurological complications (n=53) were older (p=.025), predominantly male (p=.037), and had a longer duration of IMV (p<.001) and ICU stay (p<.001), compared to survivors without neurological complications (n=132). A multivariable analysis revealed that only age was independently associated with the occurrence of neurological complications (ORadj=1.0541; 95% CI=1.0171–1.0925; p=.004). Health-related quality-of-life at follow-up was not significantly different between survivors with and without neurological complications (n = 82, p=.054). Conclusions: A high but decreasing incidence of neurological complications was reported during three consecutive COVID-19 periods in IMV COVID-19 patients. Neurological complications were related to the intensity of ICU support and treatment, and associated with prolonged ICU stay, but did not lead to significantly worse reported health-related quality-of-life at follow-up. ER  - 
Diagnosis of common health conditions among autistic adults in the UK: evidence from a matched cohort study$$$ Background: Autistic people are disproportionately likely to experience premature mortality and most mental and physical health conditions. We measured the incidence of diagnosed conditions accounting for the most disability-adjusted life years in the UK population according to the Global Burden of Disease study (anxiety, depression, self-harm, harmful alcohol use, substance use, migraine, neck or back pain, and gynaecological conditions). Methods: Participants were aged 18 years or above and had an autism diagnosis recorded in the IQVIA Medical Research Database between 01/01/2000 and 16/01/2019. We included 15,675 autistic adults without intellectual disability, 6437 autistic adults with intellectual disability, and a comparison group matched (1:10) by age, sex, and primary care practice. We estimated crude incidences and incidence rate ratios (IRRs) adjusted for age and sex. Findings: Autistic adults without intellectual disability experienced a higher incidence (IRR, 95% CI) of self-harm (2.07, 1.79–2.40), anxiety (1.91, 1.76–2.06), depressive disorders (1.79, 1.67–1.92), and substance use (1.24, 1.02–1.51) relative to comparison participants. Incidences of harmful alcohol use (1.01, 0.85–1.18), migraine (0.99, 0.84–1.17), and gynaecological conditions (1.19, 0.95–1.49) did not differ. Neck or back pain incidence was lower (0.88, 0.82–0.95). Autistic adults with intellectual disability experienced a higher incidence of self-harm (2.08, 1.69–2.56). Incidences of anxiety (1.14, 1.00–1.30), gynaecological conditions (1.22, 0.93–1.62), and substance use (1.08, 0.80–1.47) did not differ, and lower incidences were found for depressive disorders (0.73, 0.64–0.83), harmful alcohol use (0.65, 0.50–0.84), migraine (0.55, 0.42–0.74), and neck or back pain (0.49, 0.44–0.55). Interpretation: Although our findings cannot be directly compared to previous prevalence studies, they contrast with the higher frequency of mental and physical health conditions in autistic adults reported in studies that directly assessed and/or surveyed autistic people about co-occurring conditions. The present findings may suggest under-diagnosis of common conditions in autistic people, particularly those with intellectual disability. Improved detection should be a clinical and policy priority to reduce health inequalities. Funding: Dunhill Medical Trust, Economic and Social Research Council, National Institute of Health and Care Research. ER  - 
Molecular characterization and descriptive analysis of carbapenemase-producing Gram-negative rod infections in Bogota, Colombia$$$ In this study, the genetic differences and clinical impact of the carbapenemase-encoding genes among the community and healthcare-acquired infections were assessed. This retrospective, multicenter cohort study was conducted in Colombia and included patients infected with carbapenem-resistant Gram-negative rods between 2017 and 2021. Carbapenem resistance was identified by Vitek, and carbapenemase-encoding genes were identified by whole-genome sequencing (WGS) to classify the alleles and sequence types (STs). Descriptive statistics were used to determine the association of any pathogen or gene with clinical outcomes. A total of 248 patients were included, of which only 0.8% (2/248) had community-acquired infections. Regarding the identified bacteria, the most prevalent pathogens were Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Klebsiella pneumoniae. In the WGS analysis, 228 isolates passed all the quality criteria and were analyzed. The principal carbapenemase-encoding gene was blaKPC, specifically blaKPC-2 [38.6% (88/228)] and blaKPC-3 [36.4% (83/228)]. These were frequently detected in co-concurrence with blaVIM-2 and blaNDM-1 in healthcare-acquired infections. Notably, the only identified allele among community-acquired infections was blaKPC-3 [50.0% (1/2)]. In reference to the STs, 78 were identified, of which Pseudomonas aeruginosa ST111 was mainly related to blaKPC-3. Klebsiella pneumoniae ST512, ST258, ST14, and ST1082 were exclusively associated with blaKPC-3. Finally, no particular carbapenemase-encoding gene was associated with worse clinical outcomes. The most identified genes in carbapenemase-producing Gram-negative rods were blaKPC-2 and blaKPC-3, both related to gene co-occurrence and diverse STs in the healthcare environment. Patients had several systemic complications and poor clinical outcomes that were not associated with a particular gene. IMPORTANCE Antimicrobial resistance is a pandemic and a worldwide public health problem, especially carbapenem resistance in low- and middle-income countries. Limited data regarding the molecular characteristics and clinical outcomes of patients infected with these bacteria are available. Thus, our study described the carbapenemase-encoding genes among community- and healthcare-acquired infections. Notably, the co-occurrence of carbapenemase-encoding genes was frequently identified. We also found 78 distinct sequence types, of which two were novel Pseudomonas aeruginosa, which could represent challenges in treating these infections. Our study shows that in low and middle-income countries, such as Colombia, the burden of carbapenem resistance in Gram-negative rods is a concern for public health, and regardless of the allele, these infections are associated with poor clinical outcomes. Thus, studies assessing local epidemiology, prevention strategies (including trials), and underpinning genetic mechanisms are urgently needed, especially in low and middle-income countries. ER  - 
Cerebral clues: serum neurofilament light chain (sNfL) as a novel biomarker for immune check point inhibitor (ICI) mediated seronegative encephalitis$$$ Immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) mediated encephalitides are increasingly being recognized in the literature, but atypical cases may be missed or misdiagnosed. Recent efforts are directed to identify biomarkers to help elucidate early diagnosis and treatment. Herein, we describe two cases of antibody negative ICI-mediated encephalitis with elevated serum Neurofilament light chain (sNfL) levels. Practical Implication: Baseline and longitudinal measurements of serum neurofilament light chains can help determine treatment strategies and prognosis in patients with suspected immune checkpoint inhibitor encephalitis. ER  - 
Clinico-Biochemical Spectrum of Pakistani Patients with Glutaric Aciduria Type 1 (GA1): Experience from a Specialised Biochemical Genetics Laboratory in Pakistan$$$ Objective: To evaluate the clinical, radiological, and biochemical features of glutaric aciduria Type 1 (GA1) patients identified through urine organic acid testing at a biochemical genetics laboratory (BGL) in Pakistan. Study Design: Observational study. Place and Duration of the Study: Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, The Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi, Pakistan, from January 2013 to December 2022. Methodology: Medical charts and urine organic acid (UOA) chromatograms of the patients presenting at the BGL from January 2013 to December 2022 were reviewed. Brain imaging was obtained where available. Variables were noted as per the objective and descriptive statistics were obtained. Results: GA1 was found in 64 (0.4%) patients out of a total of 16,094 UOA requests for high-risk screening cases. The age of diagnosis ranged between one month and three years. The brain MRI findings revealed characteristic abnormalities such as cerebral atrophy, expanded CSF spaces, white matter abnormalities, and a distinct bat wings appearance, in cohesion with the results of biochemical testing. Conclusion: Sixty-four cases of GA1 from a single centre indicate a high frequency of the disorder in Pakistan. Late diagnosis emphasises the need for increased clinical awareness and preferably newborn screening to ensure optimal outcomes. ER  - 
EE234 Quality of Life and Burden of Epilepsy Patients in United States: A Comparative Study of Matched Case-Control Based on Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS), 2017-2021$$$ Objectives: Epilepsy is a chronic non-communicable brain disorder and has significant implications on quality of life and HCRU. The aim of the study was to assess quality of life and use of healthcare resources (HCRU) among epilepsy patients in the US. Methods: Medical expenditure panel survey (MEPS) database for the period from 2017 to 2021 was used to assess population-based estimates of quality of life and HCRU burden. Epilepsy patients were included if they had a related ICD-10 diagnosis code (G40) and were taking >1 epilepsy-related medication and/or had >1 visit to a neurologist. Epilepsy patients were matched on age, gender and region with non-epilepsy respondents (those not diagnosed with epilepsy) by 1:5 case-control matching using Greedy matching algorithm. Results: A total of 415 epilepsy and 2075 non-epilepsy respondents were included in the study (mean age of 45 years in both groups). Respondents with public insurance (43.7% vs 22.2%; p-value<0.0001) and unemployment rate (61.9% vs 32.6%; p-value<0.0001) were nearly twice in the epilepsy group. A significant difference was also observed in perceived mental health status between two groups (25.9% vs 9.1%, p-value<0.0001). Depression was found to be twice as prevalent among epilepsy group (34.0% vs 16.5%; p-value<0.0001). Social/recreational and cognitive limitations were more common among epilepsy group (23.5% vs 4.9%, p-value<0.0001, and 35.8% vs 4.6%, p-value<0.0001). Larger proportion of epilepsy patients faced a problem paying medical bills compared to controls (21.0% vs 8.7%, p-value<0.0001). Total healthcare expenses incurred were significantly greater ($28,240 vs $8,218; p-value<0.0001) as were prescription expenses ($10,039 vs $2,261; p-value<0.0001) in epilepsy patients as compared to non-epilepsy group. Conclusions: Epilepsy patients were seen to face significantly poor psychological health, quality of life and greater economic burden. The study quantified the extent of such burden and makes an urgent care to embark on suitable pharmacological and other measures to alleviate this burden. ER  - 
Health Sciences Students’ Knowledge, Attitudes, and Awareness of the Effects of Sleep Quality on the Brain: A Cross-sectional Study$$$ Introduction: Sleep is a fundamental necessity for the human body, particularly for ensuring optimal brain function, and health science students are predisposed to experiencing lower-quality sleep than the general population. Aim: To assess the knowledge, attitudes, and awareness of health science students regarding the influence of sleep quality on the brain. Materials and Methods: This descriptive cross-sectional study included male and female students from diverse Colleges at King Saud bin Abdulaziz University for Health Sciences in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, encompassing the College of Science and Health Professions, College of Medicine, College of Applied Medical Sciences, and College of Nursing. The study spanned one year, commencing in September 2022 and concluding in September 2023. It included 361 participants who completed a self-administered validated questionnaire. Participants were chosen through non probability consecutive sampling, and the questionnaire covered demographic characteristics, attitudes towards sleep quality, awareness of its importance, and knowledge of its impact on the brain. Data analysis encompassed descriptive statistics and inferential tests, including the Independent t-test, and Chi-square test with a significance level of p-value <0.05. Results: Female students exhibited a higher likelihood of disagreeing (p-value=0.006) with the notion that sleep quality does not impact memory conversion compared to males. Additionally, a significant number of female students (p-value=0.009) acknowledged the correlation between anxiety and insomnia, which was not as prevalent among males. Among the participants, 66.8% were females, and 33.2% were males. Common presleep behaviours included avoiding tea/coffee (76.5%) and using smartphones before bedtime (90.6%). While awareness of sleep quality’s influence on memory recall was high (72.0%), comprehension of its connection with seizures in epilepsy was relatively lower. Conclusion: This study underscores the significance of assessing attitudes, knowledge, and awareness regarding sleep quality among health science students. Notable gender variations were observed, with females demonstrating greater awareness of sleep’s impacts on memory and insomnia related to anxiety. Consequently, sleep education initiatives and fostering healthy sleep habits among students in health science disciplines are essential. ER  - 
Psychiatric Comorbidities in Neurologic Hospitalizations in Portugal: A Nationwide Retrospective Observational Study$$$ Introduction: Psychiatric comorbidities have a significant impact on patients’ quality of life and often go undetected in neurologic practice. The aim of this study was to describe and characterize psychiatric comorbidities among patients hospitalized due to a neurologic disorder in mainland Portugal. Methods: A retrospective observational study was performed by analyzing hospitalization with a primary diagnosis of neurologic disorder defined as categories 76, 77, 79 - 85, 95, 109 of the Clinical Classification Software for International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification, occurring between 2008 and 2015 in adult patients (≥ 18 years of age). Psychiatric comorbidities were determined as the presence of a secondary diagnosis belonging to the Clinical Classification Software categories 650 to 670. Results: A total of 294 806 hospitalization episodes with a primary diagnosis of a neurologic disorder were recorded in adult patients between 2008 - 2015 in Portuguese public hospitals. Approximately 26.9% (n = 79 442) of the episodes had a recorded psychiatric comorbidity (22.1%; 32.2%, female versus male hospitalizations). Patients with registered psychiatric comorbidities were younger (66.2 ± 16.2 vs 68.6 ± 17.2 with no psychiatric comorbidities, p < 0.001), presented lower all-cause in-hospital mortality rates, and significantly longer mean hospital stays. ‘Delirium, dementia, amnestic and other cognitive disorders’ were recorded in 7.4% (n = 21 965) of the hospitalizations, followed by alcohol-related disorders in 6.5% (n = 19 302) and mood disorders in 6.1% (n = 18 079). Epilepsy/seizures were the neurologic disorders with the highest proportion of recorded psychiatric comorbidities (39.9%). Conclusion: Psychiatric comorbidities were recorded in more than a quarter of the hospitalizations with a primary diagnosis of a Neurologic disorder. Psychiatric comorbidities varied among neurological disorders and were associated with different demographic and clinical features. ER  - 
Structural Brain MR Imaging Alterations in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus with and without Neuropsychiatric Events$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Systemic lupus erythematosus is a complex autoimmune disease known for its diverse clinical manifestations, including neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus, which impacts a patient’s quality of life. Our aim was to explore the relationships among brain MR imaging morphometric findings, neuropsychiatric events, and laboratory values in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus, shedding light on potential volumetric biomarkers and diagnostic indicators for neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twenty-seven patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (14 with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus, 13 with systemic lupus erythematosus), 24 women and 3 men (average age, 43 years, ranging from 21 to 62 years) were included in this cross-sectional study, along with 10 neuropsychiatric patients as controls. An MR imaging morphometric analysis, with the VolBrain online platform, to quantitatively assess brain structural features and their differences between patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus and systemic lupus erythematosus, was performed. Correlations and differences between MR imaging morphometric findings and laboratory values, including disease activity scores, such as the Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index and the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics Damage Index, were explored. An ordinary least squares regression analysis further explored the Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index and Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics Damage Index relationship with MR imaging features. RESULTS: For neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus and non-neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus, the brain regions with the largest difference in volumetric measurements were the insular central operculum volume (P value = .003) and the occipital cortex thickness (P = .003), which were lower in neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus. The partial correlation analysis showed that the most correlated morphometric features with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus were subcallosal area thickness asymmetry (P, .001) and temporal pole thickness asymmetry (P = .011). The ordinary least squares regression analysis yielded an R2 of 0.725 for the Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index score, with calcarine cortex volume as a significant predictor, and an R2 of 0.715 for the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics Damage Index score, with medial postcentral gyrus volume as a significant predictor. CONCLUSIONS: The MR imaging volumetric analysis, along with the correlation study and the ordinary least squares regression analysis, revealed significant differences in brain regions and their characteristics between patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus and those with systemic lupus erythematosus, as well as between patients with different Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index and Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics Damage Index scores. ER  - 
Study on the occurrence of delirium in geriatric patients undergoing hip fracture surgery$$$ BACKGROUND: Delirium is an acute state of confusion characterized by altered consciousness. This condition usually appears in hospitalized elderly subjects and increases its frequency as the patient’s age increases. Patients with delirium arising during hospitalization have a higher short-term mortality rate, a higher probability being institutionalized and a higher probability of having a physical disability and exposes patients to a greater risk of developing neurodegenerative disorder. The aim of this study is to specifically analyze the percentage of subjects who have experienced an episode of delirium and therefore required a specialist Geriatric or Psychiatric evaluation within an Orthopedics department following hospitalization for hip and femur fracture. We also analyzed possible correlations with the age of the patients, sex, comorbidity and the type of fracture that requires a different surgical approach. Once delirium occurs, interventions have little effect on severity or duration, emphasizing the importance of primary prevention. This review provides an overview of interventions to prevent postoperative delirium in elderly patients undergoing elective surgery. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective study, analyzing 348 patients (266 women and 82 men) with an average age of 84.37 years, who were hospitalized for femur fracture from Jan. 1st, 2020 to Dec. 31st, 2022. We restricted the sample only to geriatric patients, that is, with an age greater than 65. The average stay in ED was 0.7 days, about 17 hours. The average stay in the Orthopedics department was 10.3 days. Of the 348 elderly patients hospitalized, 59 (about 17.0%) experienced an episode of delirium that required a medical advice by a specialist capable of managing delirium, that is geriatrician or psychiatrist. During the observation period towards the 348 hospitalized patients, a total of 53 geriatric (psychogeriatric) and 10 psychiatric consultations were requested. Since patients experienced an episode of delirium, some (nine patients) underwent multiple evaluations. RESULTS: A total of 348 subjects (266 women and 82 men) with an average age of 84.37 years were analyzed. Firstly, it has become clear that the probability of developing delirium increases with increasing of recovery days, OR 5.28 (95% CI: 1.95-14.26). Another finding from the study is that subjects with depressive syndrome have a higher risk of developing delirium OR 2.3080 (95% CI: 1.1455-4.6500) as well as subjects who already manifested a known dementia OR 4.8468 (95% CI: 2.5266-9.2976). The statistical analysis shows there is no correlation between delirium and the patient’s sex, and patients’ other comorbidities: hypertension, diabetes mellitus, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, Parkinson disease, dysthyroidism, chronic renal failure, osteoporosis, epileptic disease, pneumonia and COVID-19. CONCLUSIONS: The factors contributing to the development of delirium are advanced age, pre-existing dementia, physical disabilities, and sensory deficits, use of psychoactive drugs and insertion of urinary catheters. The management necessitates a multidisciplinary approach, involving geriatricians and psychiatric specialists that considering both the physical and psychological dimensions of delirium. ER  - 
How does cognitive behavior therapy for dissociative seizures work? A mediation analysis of the CODES trial$$$ BACKGROUND: We compared dissociative seizure specific cognitive behavior therapy (DS-CBT) plus standardized medical care (SMC) to SMC alone in a randomized controlled trial. DS-CBT resulted in better outcomes on several secondary trial outcome measures at the 12-month follow-up point. The purpose of this paper is to evaluate putative treatment mechanisms. METHODS: We carried out a secondary mediation analysis of the CODES trial. 368 participants were recruited from the National Health Service in secondary / tertiary care in England, Scotland, and Wales. Sixteen mediation hypotheses corresponding to combinations of important trial outcomes and putative mediators were assessed. Twelve-month trial outcomes considered were final-month seizure frequency, Work and Social Adjustment Scale (WSAS), and the SF-12v2, a quality-of-life measure providing physical (PCS) and mental component summary (MCS) scores. Mediators chosen for analysis at six months (broadly corresponding to completion of DS-CBT) included: (a) beliefs about emotions, (b) a measure of avoidance behavior, (c) anxiety and (d) depression. RESULTS: All putative mediator variables except beliefs about emotions were found to be improved by DS-CBT. We found evidence for DS-CBT effect mediation for the outcome variables dissociative seizures (DS), WSAS and SF-12v2 MCS scores by improvements in target variables avoidance behavior, anxiety, and depression. The only variable to mediate the DS-CBT effect on the SF-12v2 PCS score was avoidance behavior. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings largely confirmed the logic model underlying the development of CBT for patients with DS. Interventions could be additionally developed to specifically address beliefs about emotions to assess whether it improves outcomes. ER  - 
A Post-Hoc Analysis of Emotional Lability With Delayed-Release/Extended-Release Methylphenidate in Children Aged 6 to 12 Years of Age Participating in Two Phase 3 Clinical Trials$$$ OBJECTIVE: DR/ER-MPH (formerly HLD200) is an evening-dosed delayed-release and extended-release methylphenidate approved for the treatment of ADHD in patients ≥6 years. Post hoc analyses of two pivotal Phase 3 trials: HLD200-107 (NCT02493777) and HLD200-108 (NCT02520388) evaluated emotional lability (EL) with DR/ER-MPH treatment. METHODS: Differences in Conners Global Index-Parent (CGI-P) EL subscale scores and age- and gender-adjusted T-scores over an open-label titration phase (HLD200-107) and between treatment and placebo groups at endpoint (HLD200-108) were evaluated. RESULTS: In HLD200-107 (N = 117) mean CGI-P EL subscale scores improved from 5.3 to 1.3 (p < .0001) after 6 weeks; in HLD200-108 significant improvements were observed in the treatment group (n = 81) versus placebo (n = 80; 3.11 vs. 4.08; p = .0053). T-scores showed an improvement with DR/ER-MPH treatment in both trials. Few emotional adverse events (AEs) were reported. CONCLUSION: DR/ER-MPH treatment resulted in statistically significant improvements in EL to the level of non-ADHD peers as contextualized by T-scores. ER  - 
The importance of transition clinics: A chart-review examining demographic, health, and social variables in young adults with epilepsy who were recently transitioned$$$ Background: Research consistently shows that adolescents transitioning from pediatric to adult care struggle. Although data looking at young adults with epilepsy is limited, research suggests that these adults tend to have higher rates of depression and anxiety, lower rates of medication compliance, and lower education. Methods: To better understand this population and their struggles, a retrospective chart review of 58 patients transferred from pediatric to adult care was done. Results: 39.7% of participants were lost to follow-up; 12 were temporarily lost (average 1.3 years) and 11 were permanently lost. Twenty-three participants admitted to medication non-compliance, with fifteen having break-through seizures. Of the 45 patients that filled out mental health assessments at initial visit, 28.9% met the threshold for major depressive disorder, and 56.6% of patients had symptoms of anxiety. Data found that at one-year follow-up, 60% of these patients had similar or worsened depression scores, and 64% had similar or worsened anxiety scores. Conclusions: The findings of this study are concerning and highlight the need for greater education and support for these adolescents. Specifically, patients need more education on the importance of consistent follow-ups and consistently taking medication. Findings also suggest the importance of assessing and addressing mental health concerns. ER  - 
Informing treatment advancement and innovation in a tertiary care neurocritical care (NCC)) program$$$ Background: Children with neurological injuries/insults carry the highest risk of death and disability in Pediatric and Neonatal ICUs. These patients comprise 25-30% of admissions and have a myriad of diagnoses. Longitudinal outcome data is required to inform treatment effects and innovation strategies. NCC at the Alberta Children's Hospital (ACH) participates in acute, subacute, and long-term/outpatient management with an aim to use comprehensive clinical data to improve outcomes. Methods: A prospective, longitudinal, population-based observational cohort study of NCC patients from local NICUs, PICU, and a NCC follow-up program, with comprehensive data from clinical records, development scores and QoL assessments. Results: Since 2019, 929 patients have been enrolled including: 407 neonates, 167 infants, 106 preschool-age and 100 school-age children, and 152 adolescents. The most common reasons for NCC consult were paroxysmal events (36%), encephalopathy (27%) and neonatal HIE (20%). Conclusions: Our database encapsulates the diverse nature of NCC patients and has enabled cohort-specific studies (e.g., neonatal HIE and ECLS outcomes). Program evolution will further facilitate higher powered research studies through large enrollment, comprehensive data capture (with a provincial EHR), and longitudinal outcomes. Engagement with staff and families will also inform treatment and afford evidence-based counseling to families. ER  - 
CORRELATION BETWEEN NEUROPSYCHIATRIC SYSTEMIC LUPUS ERYTHEMATOSUS AND IMMUNOLOGICAL MARKERS$$$ Background: Nervous system involvement in SLE, also named neuropsychiatric SLE (NPSLE), can present as a series of neurological and psychiatric (NP) manifestations. NPSLE has been closely linked to specific autoantibodies, but the findings have been inconsistent across studies [1-3]. Objectives: This study aimed to investigate disparities in clinical profiles and autoantibody patterns between patients with and without NPSLE in a cohort and to identify risk factors associated with NPSLE in the Chinese population. Methods: SLE patients were retrospectively reviewed from two tertiary hospitals. The relationships between NPSLE and immunological biomarkers were explored. Results: Among the 945 SLE patients, 75 (7.94%) were diagnosed with NPSLE. The most prevalent NP manifestations involved cognitive disorder (30.67%), headache (26.67%), seizure disorder (26.67%), and psychosis (26.67%).We observed significant associations between psychosis and anti-β2GPI antibodies (F= 6.092, p= 0.015), polyneuropathy and anti-Scl70 antibodies (F= 20.161, p< 0.001), demyelinating syndrome and anti-cardiolipin antibodies (F= 6.637, p= 0.011), myasthenia gravis and anti-RNP (F= 5.864, p= 0.017) and anti-Smith antibodies (F= 5.096, p= 0.026). Multivariate logistics analysis showed that anti-prothrombin (aPT) IgM antibodies (OR= 10.985, CI 1.279-94.343, p= 0.029), age (OR= 1.169, CI 1.032- 1.325, p= 0.014), and serum creatinine (SCr) (OR= 1.014, CI 1.003-1.025, p= 0.009) were independent risk factors of NPSLE, while anti-Sjogren syndrome antigen B (SSB) antibodies (OR 0.023, CI 0.002-0.622, p= 0.023) and complement C3 (OR= 0.001, CI 0-0.045, p< 0.001) indicated reduced risk of NPSLE. Conclusion: Various neuropsychiatric manifestations in SLE were found to be correlated with specific autoantibodies. Independent risk factors for NPSLE included aPT IgM antibodies, age, and elevated serum creatinine, while the absence of anti-SSB antibodies and low complement C3 levels were associated with reduced risk. ER  - 
COVID-19 Pandemic Effects on Epileptic Children and Interleukin 6 Levels in Recently Diagnosed Epileptic Patients: A Cross Sectional Study$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a disease with wide range of definitions. It is considered a multifactorial condition that may present at various ages and in many forms, which makes it challenging for physicians. In late 2019, SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) emerged as a novel coronavirus. Both epilepsy and COVID-19 can be linked in more than one way. Aim of the Study: To Determine the effects of COVID-19 pandemic on the health-related quality of life and psychosocial aspects of children with epilepsy & to Determine whether COVID-19 infection is an inflicting cause for epilepsy in newly diagnosed cases. Patients and Methods: We interviewed 50 patients with Epilepsy and their parents, for the blood tests we sampled 40 and 40 close relatives with no medical condition of similar age and sex. Results: 50 subjects' results were demonstrated, 28 males and 22 females, median age was 9 years old. Unfortunately, almost all were experiencing depression, data showed that 1 (2%) didn't have depression, 15 (30%) had mild depression, 27 (54%) had moderate depression and 7 (14%) had been experiencing severe depression, Mostly, all in our study were experiencing anxiety, data showed that 1 (2%) didn't experience anxiety, 7 (14%) experienced mild anxiety, 16 (32%) experienced moderate anxiety while 26 (52%) experienced severe anxiety. Fair physical, social and emotional health overall, data showed that the average physical health quality of life was 450 (SD 197.65), the average emotional health quality of life was 275 (SD 126.91), the average social health quality of life was 275 (SD 123.61) and the average school performance quality of life was 287.5 (SD 154.31). There were 9 cases newly diagnosed with epilepsy who were COVID IgM. Among subjects with COVID IgM positive, 3 (25%) had no neurological manifestations. Cases had higher levels of IL-6 compared to control children 187.5+/-68.89 and 77.33+/-27.94 respectively with statistically significant difference p<0.001. However, no significant difference was found upon comparing COVID IgM levels of the 2 relevant groups. Conclusion: COVID-19 pandemic has major impacts on healthrelated quality of life, causing depression, anxiety, decreased social and physical activities and poor school performance. COVID-19 can cause new onset seizures and epilepsy, or increase the frequency of seizures, IL-6 is a useful marker for severity of diseases as COVID-19, also for following up the progression of the disease, but not a marker for diagnosing it. ER  - 
Embolization of an Intracranial Vertebral Artery Aneurysm via the Deep Cervical Artery$$$ Treatment of vertebral artery aneurysms can be challenging due to the unusual vascular anatomy or unfeasibility of traditional endovascular techniques. We describe a novel approach for endovascular treatment of a ruptured intracranial vertebral artery aneurysm with bilateral vertebral artery occlusions and hypoplasia of the posterior communicating arteries. Successful coil embolization was performed using a collateral pathway for microcatheterization via anastomosis between the deep cervical artery and the vertebral artery. This case report highlights a novel alternative endovascular treatment approach for vertebrobasilar aneurysms in case of a poor vascular status with occlusion or lack of traditional endovascular access routes. ER  - 
Family cohesion and quality of life significantly affecting personality changes in adult epilepsy patients: a case-control study$$$ OBJECTIVE: The goal of epilepsy treatment is not only to control convulsive seizures but also to improve the quality of life of patients. This study aimed to investigate personality changes and the risk factors for their development in adult epilepsy patients. METHODS: A case-control study in a Class III, Class A hospital. The study comprised 206 adult epilepsy patients admitted to the Neurology Department at the First Hospital of Jilin University between October 2019 and December 2021, while the control group consisted of 154 community volunteers matched with the epilepsy group based on age, sex, and education. No additional treatment interventions were determined to be relevant in the context of this study. RESULTS: There is a significantly higher incidence of personality changes in epilepsy than in the general population, and patients with epilepsy were more likely to become psychoticism, neuroticism, and lie. Epilepsy patient's employment rate and average quality of life score were significantly lower than that of the general population and had strong family intimacy but poor adaptability in this study. There are many factors affecting personality change: sleep disorders, economic status, quality of life, use of anti-seizure drugs, family cohesion and adaptability. The independent risk factors were quality of life and family cohesion. ER  - 
Cross-sectional evaluation of health resource use in patients with functional neurological disorders referred to a tertiary neuroscience centre$$$ Introduction Functional neurological disorder (FND) is a common cause of referral to neurology services. FND has been shown to lead to significant healthcare resource use and is associated with significant disability, comorbidity and distress. This leads to substantial direct, indirect and intangible costs to the patient and society. Methods We recruited consecutive patients with FND referred to a tertiary FND specialist clinic. We assessed health and social care resource use in the 6 months preceding their consultation through a modified version of the Client Service Receipt Inventory in the form of a postal questionnaire. The total cost was estimated by combining the number and frequency of health resource use with standard national unit costs. We also assessed indirect costs such as informal care and loss of income. Results We collected data on 118 subjects. Patients with comorbid anxiety or depression had higher costs in the preceding 6 months, as did patients who had a longer duration of FND symptoms. Indirect costs were higher than the already substantial direct costs and a large proportion of patients with FND were receiving government support. Conclusion This study highlights the high cost of FND to both patients and health systems. Adequate reform of the patient pathway and reorganisation of services to make diagnoses and initiate treatment more quickly would likely reduce these costs. ER  - 
Prenatal Exposure to Valproic Acid Across Various Indications for Use$$$ Importance: Teratogenic outcomes associated with valproic acid use represent a substantial concern for persons of childbearing age. Regulatory agencies worldwide have enhanced warnings or implemented risk minimization programs to reduce exposure during pregnancy. Objectives: To determine pregnancy rates during valproic acid use and concomitant contraception use across indications. Design, Setting, and Participants: This retrospective cohort study used data from the Merative MarketScan commercial claims databases from January 1, 2005, to December 31, 2020, to identify female patients aged 12 to 44 years who initiated valproic acid treatment and had continuous insurance enrollment 6 months before initiation and 9 months after treatment end. A treatment episode included consecutive prescription fills that occurred within 7 days from the end of the days' supply of the previous dispensing. Data were analyzed from March 1 to September 10, 2023. Main Outcomes and Measures: Treatment episodes were categorized by inferred indication using diagnoses preceding treatment initiation, including epilepsy, migraine or headache, mood disorders, and unknown or off-label uses. Pregnancy incidence rate ratios (IRRs) were calculated and were adjusted for age and calendar year. Contraceptive use (prescription contraceptives, intrauterine devices, and implants) during treatment was examined. Results: The cohort included 165772 valproic acid treatment episodes among 69390 women (mean [SD] age, 29.8 [10.0] years). Mood disorders (42.5%) were the most common indication, followed by migraine or headache (20.1%), with epilepsy playing a minor role (14.9%). Pregnancy incidence rates during valproic acid use remained unchanged, with a rate of 1.74 (95% CI, 1.14-2.53) per 100 person-years in 2005 and a rate of 1.90 (95% CI, 1.16-3.12) per 100 person-years in 2019. Compared with epilepsy, pregnancy rates were more than double for mood disorder (IRR, 2.16 [95% CI, 1.93-2.42]) and migraine or headache (IRR, 2.01 [95% CI, 1.92-2.09]). Few treatment episodes coincided with contraceptive use (37 012 [22.3%]), and oral dosage forms were the most common (27 069 [73.1%]). Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort study of patients of childbearing age who used valproic acid, pregnancy rates during valproic acid use did not decrease despite enhanced US Food and Drug Administration safety communications, and contraception use remained low. Patients with migraine and mood disorders accounted for the largest proportion of valproic acid use and had the highest pregnancy rates, while patients with epilepsy had the lowest. These findings suggest a need to enhance efforts to mitigate prenatal exposure to valproic acid, especially for indications where the risk of use during pregnancy outweighs the benefit.. ER  - 
Restoring thalamocortical circuit dysfunction by correcting HCN channelopathy in Shank3 mutant mice$$$ Thalamocortical (TC) circuits are essential for sensory information processing. Clinical and preclinical studies of autism spectrum disorders (ASDs) have highlighted abnormal thalamic development and TC circuit dysfunction. However, mechanistic understanding of how TC dysfunction contributes to behavioral abnormalities in ASDs is limited. Here, our study on a Shank3 mouse model of ASD reveals TC neuron hyperexcitability with excessive burst firing and a temporal mismatch relationship with slow cortical rhythms during sleep. These TC electrophysiological alterations and the consequent sensory hypersensitivity and sleep fragmentation in Shank3 mutant mice are causally linked to HCN2 channelopathy. Restoring HCN2 function early in postnatal development via a viral approach or lamotrigine (LTG) ameliorates sensory and sleep problems. A retrospective case series also supports beneficial effects of LTG treatment on sensory behavior in ASD patients. Our study identifies a clinically relevant circuit mechanism and proposes a targeted molecular intervention for ASD-related behavioral impairments. ER  - 
RISK OF MAJOR ADVERSE CARDIOVASCULAR OUTCOMES AMONG PATIENTS WITH CELIAC DISEASE AND DEPRESSION: A LARGE MULTICENTER STUDY$$$ Introduction Celiac disease (CD) is an autoimmune disorder triggered by gluten ingestion that has a global seroprevalence of approximately 1.3%. CD has classically been linked to a number of conditions including thyroid disease and epilepsy, but recent data has also identified a possible connection to major depressive disorder. While the association of depression and cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been well documented, only recently has there been a connection theorized with CD and CVD outcomes. This study aims to assess whether patients with CD and depression have a higher risk of developing major CVD compared to CD patients without depression. Methods This is a large, population-based, retrospective cohort study using the TriNetX platform. Adult patients aged ≥ 18 years with a confirmed diagnosis of CD were included. Those with a history of Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, malignant neoplasm of the colon, malignant (primary) neoplasm, tropical sprue, Whipple's disease, opioid dependence with opioid-induced mood disorder, stimulant use disorder, alcohol use disorder with alcohol-induced mood disorder, and psychoactive substance use disorder with psychoactive substance-induced mood disorder were excluded. Patients with depression prior to the index event and up to one year after the index event were also excluded. Patients who were diagnosed with celiac disease and developed depression post-CD diagnosis were matched with patients diagnosed with CD that did not develop depression using 1:1 propensity score matching, according to demographics and diagnoses (Table 1). The TriNetX platform then calculated the odds ratio of developing major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), heart failure and stroke. Results Prior to propensity matching, the cohort with CD and depression included 5,786 patients and the cohort with CD but without depression included 85,917 patients. After propensity matching, each cohort included 5,783 patients. As described in Table 2, the lifetime risk of stroke in the CD and depression cohort was significantly higher than that of the CD without depression cohort (odds ratio 2.091; 95% CI 1.294, 3.379; p-value 0.002). The overall risk of heart failure and MACE was similar in both groups. Conclusion In this large study, we found that there was a significant increase in the lifetime risk of stroke in patients with CD and depression compared to patients with CD but without depression. However, the risks of developing heart failure and MACE across both groups were similar. These findings demonstrate more deliberate attention should be focused on patients with CD and depression to reduce the risk of stroke. The mechanism for this increased risk needs to be further investigated. [table presented] ER  - 
Neuropathologic Validation and Diagnostic Accuracy of Presynaptic Dopaminergic Imaging in the Diagnosis of Parkinsonism$$$ Background and ObjectivesDegeneration of the presynaptic nigrostriatal dopaminergic system is one of the main biological features of Parkinson disease (PD), multiple system atrophy (MSA), progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP), and corticobasal degeneration (CBD), which can be measured using single-photon emission CT imaging for diagnostic purposes. Despite its widespread use in clinical practice and research, the diagnostic properties of presynaptic nigrostriatal dopaminergic (DAT) imaging in parkinsonism have never been evaluated against the diagnostic gold standard of neuropathology. The aim of this study was to evaluate the diagnostic parameters of DAT imaging compared with pathologic diagnosis in patients with parkinsonism.MethodsRetrospective cohort study of patients with DAT imaging for the investigation of a clinically uncertain parkinsonism with brain donation between 2010 and 2021 to the Queen Square Brain Bank (London). Patients with DAT imaging for investigation of pure ataxia or dementia syndromes without parkinsonism were excluded. Those with a pathologic diagnosis of PD, MSA, PSP, or CBD were considered presynaptic dopaminergic parkinsonism, and other pathologies were considered postsynaptic for the analysis. DAT imaging was performed in routine clinical practice and visually classified by hospital nuclear medicine specialists as normal or abnormal. The results were correlated with neuropathologic diagnosis to calculate diagnostic accuracy parameters for the diagnosis of presynaptic dopaminergic parkinsonism.ResultsAll of 47 patients with PD, 41 of 42 with MSA, 68 of 73 with PSP, and 6 of 10 with CBD (sensitivity 100%, 97.6%, 93.2%, and 60%, respectively) had abnormal presynaptic dopaminergic imaging. Eight of 17 patients with presumed postsynaptic parkinsonism had abnormal scans (specificity 52.9%).DiscussionDAT imaging has very high sensitivity and negative predictive value for the diagnosis of presynaptic dopaminergic parkinsonism, particularly for PD. However, patients with CBD, and to a lesser extent PSP (of various phenotypes) and MSA (with predominant ataxia), can show normal DAT imaging. A range of other neurodegenerative disorders may have abnormal DAT scans with low specificity in the differential diagnosis of parkinsonism. DAT imaging is a useful diagnostic tool in the differential diagnosis of parkinsonism, although clinicians should be aware of its diagnostic properties and limitations.Classification of EvidenceThis study provides Class II evidence that DAT imaging does not accurately distinguish between presynaptic dopaminergic parkinsonism and non-presynaptic dopaminergic parkinsonism. ER  - 
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Non-convulsive Electric Shock in the Treatment of Depression: A Meta-analysis$$$ Background: Depression is an affective mental disorder that seriously endangers the physical and psychological health of human beings. This study attempted to systematically evaluate and compare the clinical efficacy and onset time of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and non-convulsive electroshock in the treatment of Depression through the method of evidence-based medicine. Methods: As of December 2022, we have selectively searched domestic and foreign databases by computer, including English databases PubMed, ScienceDir ETC (Elsevier), Embase, wiley, and Chinese databases HowNet (CNKI), Wanfang (WanFang), VIP (VIP), Chinese Medical Association, CBM (sinomed) Chinese biomedical literature database, etc., collected randomized controlled studies on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and non-convulsive electric shock in the treatment of Depression, and included 21 documents in total. Two researchers independently screened the literature, comprehensively evaluated the retrieved literature according to the established inclusion and exclusion criteria, extracted valid data, and used Review Manager 5.4 software for quantitative statistical analysis. The clinical effective rate and Hamilton depression Rating scale (Hamilton depression scale, HAMD) and onset time were used as outcome indicators for evaluation. Results: A total of 12 literatures were included in this study for Meta-analysis, involving a total of 678 subjects. The results of Meta-analysis showed that the HAMD score of the study group was higher than that of the control group after treatment, MD=2.01, 95%CI (0.59-3.68), P < .05; there was no statistically significant difference in clinical efficacy between the study group and the control group, OR = 0.88, 95%CI (0.31-1.92), Z = 1.16, P = .29; the onset time of the study group was shorter than that of the control group, MD = 2.01, 95%CI (0.59-3.68), Z = 3.31, P = .001. Conclusion: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is superior to non-convulsive electroconvulsive shock in the treatment of Depression. However, further research is needed to verify its long-term efficacy in the treatment of such diseases. Future studies could focus on investigating the sustainability of treatment effects, exploring potential predictors of treatment response, and comparing the cost-effectiveness of rTMS and NCES in clinical practice. Such research would provide valuable insights for optimizing treatment strategies for depression. ER  - 
A Phase 0/I Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamics and Safety and Tolerability Study of Letrozole in Combination with Standard Therapy in Recurrent High-Grade Gliomas$$$ Purpose: High-grade gliomas (HGG) carry a poor prognosis, with glioblastoma accounting for almost 50% of primary brain malignancies in the elderly. Unfortunately, despite the use of multiple treatment modalities, the prognosis remains poor in this population. Our preclinical studies suggest that the presence of aromatase expression, encoded by CYP19A1, is significantly upregulated in HGGs. Remarkably, we find that letrozole (LTZ), an FDA-approved aromatase inhibitor, has marked activity against HGGs. Patients and Methods: We conducted a phase 0/I single-center clinical trial (NCT03122197) to assess the tumoral availability, pharmacokinetics (PK), safety, and tolerability of LTZ in recurrent patients with HGG. Planned dose cohorts included 2.5, 5, 10, 12.5, 15, 17.5, and 20 mg of LTZ administered daily pre- and postsurgery or biopsy. Tumor samples were assayed for LTZ content and relevant biomarkers. The recommended phase 2 dose (R2PD) was determined as the dose that resulted in predicted steady-state tumoral extracellular fluid (ECF; Css,ecf) >2 mmol/L and did not result in ≥33% dose-limiting adverse events (AE) assessed using CTCAE v5.0. Results: Twenty-one patients were enrolled. Common LTZrelated AEs included fatigue, nausea, musculoskeletal, anxiety, and dysphoric mood. No DLTs were observed. The 15 mg dose achieved a Css,ecf of 3.6 ± 0.59 mmol/L. LTZ caused dosedependent inhibition of estradiol synthesis and modulated DNA damage pathways in tumor tissues as evident using RNA-sequencing analysis. Conclusions: On the basis of safety, brain tumoral PK, and mechanistic data, 15 mg daily is identified as the RP2D for future trials. ER  - 
Prospective neuroimaging and neuropsychological evaluation in adults with newly diagnosed focal epilepsy$$$ Objective: There are few prospective longitudinal studies in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy (NDE) despite that this is a key time point to understand the underlying biology of epilepsy and to identify potential interventions and biomarkers for seizure and cognitive outcomes. Here we have performed a prospective combined neuroimaging and neuropsychological study in a cohort of patients with focal NDE and healthy controls. Methods: We recruited 104 patients with NDE and 45 healthy controls for research-grade 3 Tesla MRI (diagnostic and structural imaging, diffusional kurtosis imaging, resting-state functional MRI, task-based functional MRI), EEG, comprehensive neuropsychological, and blood biomarker investigations. We report here on the baseline clinical, neuroradiological, MRI morphometric, and neuropsychological findings in this cohort. Results: 38% of patients had unremarkable MRI features, 12% had lesions of known significance in epilepsy, 49% with abnormalities of unknown significance in epilepsy, and 23% with incidental findings. In comparison, 56% of controls had unremarkable MRI features, 7% had lesions of known significance in epilepsy, 33% with abnormalities of unknown significance in epilepsy, and 16% had incidental findings. Patients had a higher incidence of white matter hyperintensities compared to controls. Reduced bihemispheric frontal lobe cortical thickness and thalamic volumes were observed in patients with moderate effect sizes. Patients scored significantly lower on tasks of executive function, processing speed, and visual, delayed, and immediate memory, and significantly higher on depression and anxiety assessments compared to controls. Patient neuropsychological performance was related to various brain morphometric features. Significance: People with adult focal NDE have a greater proportion of MRI-positive findings than previously reported. Subtle white matter lesions may represent an important diagnostic criterion and have a pathophysiological basis in focal epilepsy. Morphometric and neuropsychological alterations are present at the point of diagnosis of epilepsy, which suggests that brain and cognitive changes are not exclusively due to the deleterious impact of chronic epilepsy. ER  - 
Characterizing the clinical and sociodemographic profiles of hospitalized adolescents with autism spectrum disorder$$$ The prevalence of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is increasing worldwide. Youngsters with ASD demonstrate higher rates of intellectual disabilities (IDs), comorbid psychopathology and psychiatric hospitalizations, compared to children in the general population. This study characterizes the demographics and clinical parameters of adolescent psychiatric inpatients with ASD compared to inpatients without ASD, all hospitalized during the study period. Additionally, within the ASD group, those with ID were compared to those without. The rate of males among participants with ASD was significantly higher than among those without ASD, and the duration of hospitalization was longer. In contrast, the rate of cigarette smoking, major depressive disorder and suicidal thoughts among those with ASD was lower. One-third of those with ASD had moderate to severe ID, about 10% had comorbid epilepsy, and about half of them demonstrated aggressive behavior. Most ASD patients showed significant improvement upon discharge, although the extent of improvement was more prominent among ASD patients with no ID. Our findings, consistent with previous research, indicate that hospitalization is beneficial to youths with ASD, both those with and those without ID. Further studies that include long-term follow-up are needed. ER  - 
Cognitive Behavioural Therapy in Adults with Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizures: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomised Controlled Trials$$$ Background: Randomised controlled clinical trials (RCTs) investigating cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) among adults with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) has become increasingly available, prompting the opportunity to critically appraise the efficacy and safety of CBT in this population. Methods: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis including RCTs comparing CBT in addition to standardised medical treatment (SMT) versus SMT alone for adults with PNES. The primary outcome was seizure freedom at the end of treatment. Secondary outcomes included measures of quality of life, anxiety and depression assessed via standardised clinical questionnaires. Results: Three RCTs were included comprising 228 participants treated with CBT and 222 with SMT. The intervention was significantly associated with seizure freedom (Odds Ratio [OR] 1.98; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.14, 3.46; p = 0.02; I2 = 0%), reductions in anxiety (standardised mean difference [SMD] -0.21; 95% CI -0.41, -0.003; p = 0.047; I2 = 0%) and improvements in quality of life (SMD 0.34; 95% CI 0.12, 0.57; p = 0.003; I2 = 0%) at the end of treatment. Conversely, no significant differences between groups were observed regarding depression symptoms (SMD -0.19; 95% CI -0.39, 0.02; p = 0.08; I2 = 0%). There was no statistically significant increase in the risk of suicidal ideation and self-harm with CBT (OR 2.11; 95% CI 0.81, 5.48; p = 0.13; I2 = 0%) nor were there differences in terms of discontinuation rates during followup (OR 0.92; 95% CI 0.49, 1.72; p = 0.79; I2 = 7%). Conclusions: There is high-quality evidence supporting the efficacy and safety of CBT in treating PNES. Future research should investigate whether combining CBT with other therapeutic methods could potentially enhance treatment efficacy. ER  - 
Dexmedetomidine for analgesia and sedation in newborn infants receiving mechanical ventilation$$$ Background: Dexmedetomidine is a selective alpha-2 agonist with minimal impact on the haemodynamic profile. It is thought to be safer than morphine or stronger opioids, which are drugs currently used for analgesia and sedation in newborn infants. Dexmedetomidine is increasingly being used in children and infants despite not being licenced for analgesia in this group. Objectives: To determine the overall effectiveness and safety of dexmedetomidine for sedation and analgesia in newborn infants receiving mechanical ventilation compared with other non-opioids, opioids, or placebo. Search methods: We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, and two trial registries in September 2023. Selection criteria: We planned to include randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-RCTs evaluating the effectiveness of dexmedetomidine compared with other non-opioids, opioids, or placebo for sedation and analgesia in neonates (aged under four weeks) requiring mechanical ventilation. Data collection and analysis: We used standard Cochrane methods. Our primary outcomes were level of sedation and level of analgesia. Our secondary outcomes included days on mechanical ventilation, number of infants requiring additional medication for sedation or analgesia (or both), hypotension, neonatal mortality, and neurodevelopmental outcomes. We planned to use GRADE to assess the certainty of evidence for each outcome. Main results: We identified no eligible studies for inclusion. We identified four ongoing studies, two of which appear to be eligible for inclusion; they will compare dexmedetomidine with fentanyl in newborn infants requiring surgery. We listed the other two studies as awaiting classification pending assessment of full reports. One study will compare dexmedetomidine with morphine in asphyxiated newborns undergoing hypothermia, and the other (mixed population, age up to three years) will evaluate dexmedetomidine versus ketamine plus dexmedetomidine for echocardiography. The planned sample size of the four studies ranges from 40 to 200 neonates. Data from these studies may provide some evidence for dexmedetomidine efficacy and safety. Authors' conclusions: Despite the increasing use of dexmedetomidine, there is insufficient evidence supporting its routine use for analgesia and sedation in newborn infants on mechanical ventilation. Furthermore, data on dexmedetomidine safety are scarce, and there are no data available on its long-term effects. Future studies should address the efficacy, safety, and long-term effects of dexmedetomidine as a single drug therapy for sedation and analgesia in newborn infants. ER  - 
Five-year follow-up of a clinic-based sleep intervention for paediatric epilepsy: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Sleep disturbances in children with epilepsy are prevalent, and are associated with substantial adverse medical and psychosocial consequences. This study is a 5-year follow-up of a clinic-based sleep intervention study that randomized 100 toddlers and preschool-age children with epilepsy to a usual care group or a sleep intervention group. The intervention group received standard paediatric neurology care plus three education sessions during the child's routine clinic visit. The outcomes measured were: (1) child sleep by actigraphy and parental report; and (2) maternal sleep and depression. We aimed to evaluate the long-term benefits of a clinic-based sleep intervention for paediatric epilepsy. In total, 42 families (42.0%) participated. The average child's age at follow-up was 9.55 years. Thirty-eight (90.5%) children were not obtaining sufficient sleep at baseline, and 40 (95.2%) at the 5-year follow-up. The numbers of children with clinically significant sleep disturbances were 40 (95.2%) at baseline and 36 (85.7%) at the 5-year follow-up. Fourteen mothers (33.3%) had poor sleep quality and high depressive symptoms at both assessment time points. There were no differences (P > 0.05) in the child and maternal outcomes between the two trial arms. Overall, there was no evidence that a clinic-based sleep intervention that effectively improved multiple aspects of sleep in toddlers and preschool-age children with epilepsy had long-lasting beneficial effects. Our findings suggest that sleep interventions for families of children with epilepsy require ongoing reinforcement and monitoring during routine paediatric neurology care to prevent sleep problems from persisting or recurring. ER  - 
Association between antihyperlipidemic agents and the risk of chronic periodontitis in patients with hyperlipidemia: A population-based retrospective cohort study in Taiwan$$$ Background: The lipid-lowering and anti-inflammatory effects of statins and fibrates may ameliorate periodontitis. Patients with hyperlipidemia tend to have a worse periodontal status. This study assessed the association between the use of statins/fibrates and the incidence of chronic periodontitis in patients with hyperlipidemia in Taiwan. Methods: This retrospective cohort study enrolled patients newly diagnosed with hyperlipidemia between 2001 and 2012 from the 2000 Longitudinal Generation Tracking Database and followed them for 5 years. The study population was divided into four groups: statin monotherapy, fibrate monotherapy, combination therapy (both statins and fibrates), and control (neither statins nor fibrates). Each patient in the treatment group was matched at a ratio of 1:1 with a control. Chronic periodontitis risk was compared in the three study arms by using a Cox proportional hazard model. Results: Chronic periodontitis risk was reduced by 25.7% in the combination therapy group compared with the control group (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 0.743; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.678–0.815). Low dose (<360 cumulative defined daily dose [cDDD]) and shorter duration (<2 years) of statin monotherapy seem to be associated with an increased risk of chronic periodontitis; high dose (≥720 cDDD/≥1080 cDDD) and longer duration (≥3 years) of statin/fibrate monotherapy may be correlated with a lower risk of periodontitis. Hydrophobic statin users had a lower chronic periodontitis risk than hydrophilic statin users. Conclusion: Chronic periodontitis risk was lower in patients with hyperlipidemia on combination treatment with statins and fibrates, and the risk decreased when patients used statins or fibrates for >3 years. ER  - 
The relationship between psychiatric symptoms and the use of levetiracetam in people with epilepsy$$$ Background: Mental health in people with epilepsy (PWE) is often overlooked, especially in developing countries. Purpose: Consequently, the current work had two objectives: (1) to estimate the burden of depression, anxiety, insomnia, and stress, and (2) to examine the association of these psychiatric/psychological symptoms with levetiracetam and other relevant clinical factors in a cohort of Jordanian PWE. Research Design: This is a cross-sectional study. The demographic and clinical data were recorded. Depression was measured by the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9, Arabic-validated version) and anxiety by the General Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7, Arabic-validated version). The insomnia severity index (ISI-A, Arabic version) was used to assess sleep quality, and the Perceived Stress Scale (PSS-A, Arabic version) was used to measure perceived stress. Study Sample: Data were analyzed from 280 patients, of which 178 (63.6%) received levetiracetam as monotherapy or as adjuvant. Results: Depression was reported in 150 (53.6%), anxiety in 110 (39.3%), insomnia in 131 (46.8%), and clinically significant stress in 211 (75.4%). At univariate analysis, levetiracetam was not associated with psychiatric symptoms. Multivariate logistic regression revealed that severe depressive symptoms were associated with family history (OR = 2.47, 95% CI = 1.42-4.33, P =.001) and seizure type (OR = 1.69, 95% CI = 1.01-2.80, P =.04), severe anxiety symptoms were associated with family history (OR = 1.90, 95% CI = 1.12-3.23, P =.01), severe insomnia was associated with seizure type (OR = 2.16, 95% CI = 1.33-3.5, P =.002) and severe stress was associated with marital status (OR = 2.37, 95% CI = 1.31-4.29, P =.004). Conclusions: The high psychological burden of PWE is a challenging issue that requires attention and prompt action to control its risk factors. Levetiracetam was not associated with psychiatric symptoms in this study. ER  - 
Predisposing factors of health promotion behaviors and health literacy in adolescents: A cross-sectional design$$$ Objective: This study was designed to measure health promotion behaviors, health literacy (HL) levels, and their predisposing factors among adolescents. Design: A cross-sectional design was used. Sample: The study was completed by 1046 students aged 11–14 years. Measurements: Data were collected via the HL for School–Aged Children Scale and the Adolescent Health Promotion Scale. Results: HL was significantly associated with gender, participation in sport activities, and health promotion behaviors. There was no confounding factor for HL. Adolescent health promotion behaviors were significantly associated with academic level, weight perception, participation in sport activities, and HL. Conclusions: Nurses could improve communication and decision-making skills related to health behaviors and learn how to obtain health-related knowledge to promote the health of adolescents. ER  - 
Trajectory of health-related quality of life in parents of children treated with epilepsy surgery versus medical therapy$$$ Purpose: Child health-related quality of life (HRQOL) has been shown to improve after epilepsy surgery and is linked to parent HRQOL. We postulated that the HRQOL of parents whose children underwent epilepsy surgery would improve over two years compared to those treated with medical therapy. The aim of the study was to evaluate the trajectory of HRQOL of parents whose children received treatment with epilepsy surgery or medical therapy over two years. Methods: This multi-center study recruited parents whose children were evaluated for epilepsy surgery. Parents completed measures of care-related QOL (CarerQOL) at the time of their children’s surgical evaluation, 6 months, 1 year, and 2 years later. Additional measures included parent anxiety and depression, satisfaction with family relationships, family resources and demands, and child clinical variables. A linear mixed model was used to compare the trajectories of parent HRQOL of surgical and medical patients, adjusting for baseline clinical, parent, and family characteristics. Results: There were 111 children treated with surgery and 154 with medical therapy. The trajectory of parent HRQOL was similar among parents of surgical and medical patients over the two-year follow-up. However, HRQOL of parents of surgical patients was 3.0 points higher (95%CI − 0.1, 6.1) across the follow-up period compared to parents of medical patients. Parents of seizure-free children reported 2.3 points (95%CI 0.2, 4.4) higher HRQOL relative to parents of non-seizure-free children across the two-year follow-up. Conclusion: Parent HRQOL did not improve after their children were treated with epilepsy surgery, possibly related to ongoing comorbidities in children. ER  - 
Association of antiseizure medications and adverse cardiovascular events: A global health federated network analysis$$$ Objective: A diagnosis of epilepsy has been associated with adverse cardiovascular events (CEs), but the extent to which antiseizure medications (ASMs) may contribute to this is not well understood. The aim of this study was to compare the risk of adverse CEs associated with ASM in patients with epilepsy (PWE). Methods: A retrospective case–control cohort study was conducted using TriNetX, a global health federated network of anonymized patient records. Patients older than 18 years, with a diagnosis of epilepsy (International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision code G40) and a medication code of carbamazepine, lamotrigine, or valproate were compared. Patients with cardiovascular disease prior to the diagnosis of epilepsy were excluded. Cohorts were 1:1 propensity score matched (PSM) according to age, sex, ethnicity, hypertension, heart failure, atherosclerotic heart disease, atrial and cardiac arrythmias, diabetes, disorders of lipoprotein metabolism, obesity, schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, medications, and epilepsy classification. The primary outcome was a composite of adverse CEs (ischemic stroke, acute ischemic heart disease, and heart failure) at 10 years. Cox regression analyses were used to calculate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) following 1:1 PSM. Results: Of 374 950 PWE included; three cohorts were established after PSM: (1) carbamazepine compared to lamotrigine, n = 4722, mean age 37.4 years; (2) valproate compared to lamotrigine, n = 5478, mean age 33.9 years; and (3) valproate compared to carbamazepine, n = 4544, mean age 37.0 years. Carbamazepine and valproate use were associated with significantly higher risk of composite cardiovascular outcome compared to lamotrigine (HR = 1.390, 95% CI = 1.160–1.665 and HR = 1.264, 95% CI = 1.050–1.521, respectively). Valproate was associated with a 10-year higher risk of all-cause death than carbamazepine (HR = 1.226, 95% CI = 1.017–1.478), but risk of other events was not significantly different. Significance: Carbamazepine and valproate were associated with increased CE risks compared to lamotrigine. Cardiovascular risk factor monitoring and careful follow-up should be considered for these patients. ER  - 
The Phenotypic and Genotypic Spectrum of CSF1R-Related Disorder in China$$$ Background: Colony-stimulating factor 1 receptor (CSF1R)-related disorder (CRD) is a rare autosomal dominant disease. The clinical and genetic characteristics of Chinese patients have not been elucidated. Objective: The objective of the study is to clarify the core features and influence factors of CRD patients in China. Methods: Clinical and genetic-related data of CRD patients in China were collected. Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), and Sundal MRI Severity Score were evaluated. Whole exome sequencing was used to analyze the CSF1R mutation status. Patients were compared between different sexes, mutation types, or mutation locations. Results: A total of 103 patients were included, with a male-to-female ratio of 1:1.51. The average age of onset was (40.75 ± 8.58). Cognitive impairment (85.1%, 86/101) and parkinsonism (76.2%, 77/101) were the main clinical symptoms. The most common imaging feature was bilateral asymmetric white matter changes (100.0%). A total of 66 CSF1R gene mutants (22 novel mutations) were found, and 15 of 92 probands carried c.2381 T > C/p.I794T (16.30%). The MMSE and MoCA scores (17.0 [9.0], 11.90 ± 7.16) of female patients were significantly lower than those of male patients (23.0 [10.0], 16.36 ± 7.89), and the white matter severity score (20.19 ± 8.47) of female patients was significantly higher than that of male patients (16.00 ± 7.62). There is no statistical difference in age of onset between male and female patients. Conclusions: The core manifestations of Chinese CRD patients are progressive cognitive decline, parkinsonism, and bilateral asymmetric white matter changes. Compared to men, women have more severe cognitive impairment and imaging changes. c.2381 T > C/p.I794T is a hotspot mutation in Chinese patients. © 2024 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society. ER  - 
Comprehensive phenotypes of patients with SYNGAP1-related disorder reveals high rates of epilepsy and autism$$$ Objective: To delineate the comprehensive phenotypic spectrum of SYNGAP1-related disorder in a large patient cohort aggregated through a digital registry. Methods: We obtained de-identified patient data from an online registry. Data were extracted from uploaded medical records. We reclassified all SYNGAP1 variants using American College of Medical Genetics criteria and included patients with pathogenic/likely pathogenic (P/LP) single nucleotide variants or microdeletions incorporating SYNGAP1. We analyzed neurodevelopmental phenotypes, including epilepsy, intellectual disability (ID), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), behavioral disorders, and gait dysfunction for all patients with respect to variant type and location within the SynGAP1 protein. Results: We identified 147 patients (50% male, median age 8 years) with P/LP SYNGAP1 variants from 151 individuals with data available through the database. One hundred nine were truncating variants and 22 were missense. All patients were diagnosed with global developmental delay (GDD) and/or ID, and 123 patients (84%) were diagnosed with epilepsy. Of those with epilepsy, 73% of patients had GDD diagnosed before epilepsy was diagnosed. Other prominent features included autistic traits (n = 100, 68%), behavioral problems (n = 100, 68%), sleep problems (n = 90, 61%), anxiety (n = 35, 24%), ataxia or abnormal gait (n = 69, 47%), sensory problems (n = 32, 22%), and feeding difficulties (n = 69, 47%). Behavioral problems were more likely in those patients diagnosed with anxiety (odds ratio [OR] 3.6, p =.014) and sleep problems (OR 2.41, p =.015) but not necessarily those with autistic traits. Patients with variants in exons 1–4 were more likely to have the ability to speak in phrases vs those with variants in exons 5–19, and epilepsy occurred less frequently in patients with variants in the SH3 binding motif. Significance: We demonstrate that the data obtained from a digital registry recapitulate earlier but smaller studies of SYNGAP1-related disorder and add additional genotype–phenotype relationships, validating the use of the digital registry. Access to data through digital registries broadens the possibilities for efficient data collection in rare diseases. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life and neurocognitive functioning in patients with recurrent glioblastoma treated with intracerebral immune checkpoint inhibition$$$ Purpose: After glioblastoma (GB) recurrence, prognosis is very cumbersome. Therefore, health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and neurocognitive functioning (NCF) have become important endpoints in clinical trials when evaluating novel treatments. We aimed to evaluate the HRQoL and NCF in patients with recurrent glioblastoma (rGB) treated with a combination of surgical intervention (reoperation or biopsy) and intracerebral immune checkpoint inhibition. Methods: Patients who participated in the trial (N = 23), at a single-center university hospital were included. Data were collected using 3 patient-reported outcome measures (EORTC-QLQ-C30, EORTC-QLQ-BN20, and HADS) and computerized NCF testing. In the responder group, baseline values were compared to results at a 6-month follow-up. Additionally, exploratory analyses compared baseline HRQoL and NCF between responders and non-responders. Results: There were five responders and 18 non-responders. When comparing the mean and individual baseline with follow-up results for the responders, we observed overall a stable to slight clinically relevant improvement of HRQoL in multiple subsets of the questionnaires while maintaining a stable NCF. One patient deteriorated on anxiety and depression symptoms from baseline to follow-up. Conclusions: In patients that responded to intracerebral immunotherapy in our institutional trial, HRQoL and NCF remained stable over time, suggesting that no detrimental effect on cognitive function or quality of life may be expected with this treatment approach. Furthermore, there seems to be an overall tendency for responders to score better on HRQoL and NCF than non-responders at baseline. ER  - 
Racial disparities in the utilization of invasive neuromodulation devices for the treatment of drug-resistant focal epilepsy$$$ Racial disparities affect multiple dimensions of epilepsy care including epilepsy surgery. This study aims to further explore these disparities by determining the utilization of invasive neuromodulation devices according to race and ethnicity in a multicenter study of patients living with focal drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE). We performed a post hoc analysis of the Human Epilepsy Project 2 (HEP2) data. HEP2 is a prospective study of patients living with focal DRE involving 10 sites distributed across the United States. There were no statistical differences in the racial distribution of the study population compared to the US population using census data except for patients reporting more than one race. Of 154 patients enrolled in HEP2, 55 (36%) underwent invasive neuromodulation for DRE management at some point in the course of their epilepsy. Of those, 36 (71%) were patients who identified as White. Patients were significantly less likely to have a device if they identified solely as Black/African American than if they did not (odds ratio =.21, 95% confidence interval =.05–.96, p =.03). Invasive neuromodulation for management of DRE is underutilized in the Black/African American population, indicating a new facet of racial disparities in epilepsy care. ER  - 
Psychological risk factors for upper extremity fractures in preschool children: A case-control study$$$ BACKGROUND: In school-age children, upper extremity fractures are associated with both parental and child-related factors and represent a multifactorial entity. This study aims to explore the psychological risk factors associated with upper extremity fractures in preschool children. METHODS: This single-center, hospital-based, age-matched case-control study involved 55 cases of upper extremity fractures and 55 controls experiencing growing pains. Parents of the children participated in face-to-face interviews. We examined the potential associations between scores on the Mother-to-Infant Bonding Scale (MIBS), Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Self-Report Scale (ASRS), Autism-Spectrum Quotient (AQ), State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI), and Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ), and the risk of upper extremity fractures. RESULTS: Advanced parental age and lower household income emerged as risk factors for upper extremity fractures, while longer maternal educational attainment was identified as a protective factor. In the univariate analyses, elevated scores on the Autism-Spectrum Quotient Communication subscale (AQ-C), overall AQ score, Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire Hyperactivity subscale (SDQ-H), and Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire Emotional and Peer Problems subscale (SDQ-Int) were associated with an increased fracture risk (Odds Ratio [OR] (95% Confidence Interval [CI]): 1.15 (1.05-1.27), OR: 1.05 (1.01-1.09), OR: 1.25 (1.01-1.54), and OR: 1.19 (1.04-1.37), respectively). The AQ-C and SDQ-Int scales remained statistically significant as risk factors for upper extremity fractures (OR: 1.15 (1.02-1.28) and OR: 1.21 (1.02-1.43), respectively) in the multivariate regression analyses. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that psychological factors affecting both parents and children could potentially increase the risk of upper extremity fractures in preschool children. ER  - 
Long-term effects of adjunctive eslicarbazepine acetate in adult Asian patients with refractory focal seizures: Post hoc analysis of a phase III trial$$$ A post hoc analysis of data from Asian patients included in the study BIA-2093-304 was conducted to evaluate the long-term safety/tolerability and efficacy of adjunctive eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) in adult Asian patients with refractory focal seizures. Part I was a randomized controlled trial, in which patients received ESL (800 or 1200 mg once daily [QD]) or placebo, assessed over a 12-week maintenance period. Patients completing Part I could enter two open-label extension periods (Part II, 1 year; Part III, ≥2 years), during which all received ESL (400–1600 mg QD). Safety/tolerability was assessed by evaluating treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Efficacy assessments included responder and seizure freedom rates. The safety population included 125, 92, and 23 Asian patients in Parts I, II, and III, respectively. Incidence of ESL-related TEAEs was 61.3%, 45.7%, and 17.4% during Parts I, II, and III, respectively. ESL-related TEAEs (most commonly, dizziness, somnolence, and headache) were consistent with ESL's known safety profile. During Part I, responder rates were higher with ESL 800 (41.7%) and 1200 mg QD (44.4%) versus placebo (32.6%), although not statistically significant. Seizure freedom rates with ESL 800 (5.5%) and 1200 mg QD (11.1%) were also higher versus placebo (0%) (p < 0.05 for ESL 1200 mg QD versus placebo). At the end of Part II, responder and seizure freedom rates were 60.3% and 14.7%, respectively. In summary, adult Asian patients with refractory focal seizures were responsive to treatment with ESL as adjunctive therapy and generally showed treatment tolerance well for up to 3 years. No new/unexpected safety findings were observed. ER  - 
SCN1A—Characterization of the Gene’s Variants in the Polish Cohort of Patients with Dravet Syndrome: One Center Experience$$$ The aim of this study was to characterize the genotype and phenotype heterogeneity of patients with SCN1A gene mutations in the Polish population, fulfilling the criteria for the diagnosis of Dravet syndrome (DRVT). Particularly important was the analysis of the clinical course, the type of epileptic seizures and the co-occurrence of additional features such as intellectual disability, autism or neurological symptoms such as ataxia or gait disturbances. Based on their results and the available literature, the authors discuss potential predictors for DRVT. Identifying these early symptoms has important clinical significance, affecting the course and disease prognosis. 50 patients of the Pediatric Neurology Clinic of the Institute of Mother and Child in Warsaw clinically diagnosed with DRVT and carriers of SCN1A pathogenic variants were included. Clinical data were retrospectively collected from caregivers and available medical records. Patients in the study group did not differ significantly in parameters such as type of first seizure and typical epileptic seizures from those described in other studies. The age of onset of the first epileptic seizure was 2–9 months. The co-occurrence of intellectual disability was confirmed in 71% of patients and autism in 18%. The study did not show a correlation between genotype and phenotype, considering the severity of the disease course, clinical symptoms, response to treatment, the presence of intellectual disability, autism symptoms or ataxia. From the clinical course, a significant problem was the differentiation between complex febrile convulsions and symptoms of DRVT. The authors suggest that parameters such as the age of the first seizure, less than one year of age, the onset of a seizure up to 72 h after vaccination and the presence of more than two features of complex febrile seizures are more typical of DRVT, which should translate into adequate diagnostic and clinical management. The substantial decrease in the age of genetic verification of the diagnosis, as well as the decline in the use of sodium channel inhibitors, underscores the growing attention of pediatric neurologists in Poland to the diagnosis of DRVT. ER  - 
Clinical efficacy of adjunctive esketamine anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorders: A pragmatic, randomized, controlled trial$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for depression, and esketamine has been shown to have antidepressant effects. However, it is currently unclear whether adjunctive esketamine can enhance the clinical efficacy of ECT in real-world clinical practice. In this pragmatic clinical trial, patients with major depression were randomly assigned into two groups: patients received 0.25 mg/kg esketamine plus propofol (esketamine group) or the same volume of saline (control group) plus propofol. Results indicated that there was no difference in response and remission rates between the two groups. However, patients receiving esketamine had a higher remission rate of SI and lower psychotic scores. Patients receiving esketamine also required a lower electric dose, but the seizure duration and cognitive function were comparable between the two groups. Diastolic blood pressure increased after esketamine injection, but there was no increased risk of hypertension. Furthermore, incidence of delirium and confusion were comparable between the groups. Conclusively, adjunctive esketamine anesthesia does not provide any advantage in improving the response and remission rates of ECT. However, it can improve remission of SI and alleviate accompanying psychotic symptoms in depressive patients. With adjunctive usage, the adverse cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric events associated with esketamine appear to be tolerable. ER  - 
Resilience and psychosocial factors in adult with epilepsy: A longitudinal study$$$ Purpose: Resilience is conceptually characterized as a dynamic process encompassing positive adaptation in the context of significant adversity. Our goal was to assess the resilience in people with epilepsy (PWE) and how it impacts longitudinally on psychosocial factors, with a particular focus on the manifestation of stigmatization-related feelings. Methods: We consecutively enrolled 78 adults PWE (42.5 ± 16.2 years old); among them 36 (46.1 %) were seizure-free. All subjects completed at baseline (T0) the Resilience Scale (RS-14) and questionnaires for the assessment of depressive symptoms, anxiety and quality of life: respectively, Beck Depression Inventory-II (BD-II), Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) and QOLIE-31 (Q31). All patients were followed up prospectively and re-evaluated after 6–22 months (T1; mean: 14 ± 8 months; median 14 months); at follow up they also completed the Stigma Scale of Epilepsy (SSE) for the assessment of the stigma associated with epilepsy. We correlated resilience values with all psychosocial scores at T0 and T1. Factors associated with resilient and vulnerable outcomes were identified. Finally, a multiple stepwise regression analysis was applied to identify predictors for resilience and stigma perception. Results: The results showed for the RS-14 score a significant direct correlation with the Q31 (p < 0.001) and an inverse correlation with the depressive and anxiety symptoms at both times (T0 and T1), as evaluated with BDI-II (p < 0.001) and GAD-7 (p < 0.001). Finally, we found a significant inverse correlation between RS-14 at T0 and the levels of stigmatization assessed with SSE at T1 (p =.015). Using a multiple stepwise regression analysis separately for resilience and stigma perception, depressive symptoms turned out as the best predictors for both variables. Finally, considering longitudinal evaluation we did not observe significant changes in depressive and anxious symptoms, despite a significant reduction in the total number of seizures at follow up. Conclusions: Our study showed that depressive symptoms, anxiety and quality of life were significantly associated with resilience in PwE. Finally, as a novel finding resilience was proved to affect the perception of stigma related to epilepsy more than seizures. ER  - 
Autoimmune encephalitis in Israeli children – A retrospective nationwide study$$$ Immune-mediated or autoimmune encephalitis (AE) is a relatively new, rare and elusive form of encephalitis in children. We retrospectively collected seropositive children (0–18 years old) with well characterized antibodies through 3 reference laboratories in Israel. Clinical symptoms, MRI and EEG findings and treatment courses were described. A total of 16 patients were included in the study, with 10 females. Anti NMDA encephalitis was most common followed by anti HU and anti mGLuR1. Psychiatric symptoms, abnormal movements, seizures and behavioral changes were the most common presentation. Pathological MRI and EEG findings were described in 37% and 56% of children, respectively. Treatment with corticosteroids, Intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG) was first line in most children. Following inadequate response children were treated with plasmapheresis and/or rituximab. Two patients relapsed following both first and second line protocols. In terms of long term prognosis, 9 children (56%) had one or more residual behavioral, psychiatric or neurologic findings. Three children required hospitalization for rehabilitation. AE remains a rare diagnosis with variable presenting symptoms, requiring a high index of suspicion. Consensus recommended treatment is generally effective in the pediatric population. Female gender was associated with a higher chance of severe disease. Larger cohorts would be needed to identify prognostic factors in the pediatric population. ER  - 
Breathing control training for functional seizures: A multi-site, open-label pilot study$$$ There are no well-validated treatments for functional seizures. While specialist psychotherapy is usually recommended, the evidence for its benefit is qualified, and it can be difficult to obtain. Given the association between hyperventilation and functional seizures we explored an alternative modality, breathing control training, in a multi-site open label pilot trial. Participants with functional seizures over the age of 16 received an hour of breathing training from a respiratory physiotherapist, with a half-hour booster session a month later. Seizure frequency and Nijmegen scores (a measure of hyperventilation) were reported at baseline and follow-up, 3–4 months later. Eighteen subjects were recruited, and 10 completed follow-up. Seven of these 10 had improved seizure frequency, and 3 did not (Wilcoxon signed rank test, p = 0.09), with seizure frequency correlating with Nijmegen score (Spearman's rank correlation = 0.75, p = 0.034). The intervention was well tolerated, with no adverse events reported. These preliminary results support a potentially new approach to treating functional seizures that should prove cost-effective and acceptable, though require confirmation by a randomised controlled trial. ER  - 
Diagnostic test accuracy in longitudinal study settings: theoretical approaches with use cases from clinical practice$$$ Objectives: In this study, we evaluate how to estimate diagnostic test accuracy (DTA) correctly in the presence of longitudinal patient data (ie, repeated test applications per patient). Study Design and Setting: We used a nonparametric approach to estimate the sensitivity and specificity of three tests for different target conditions with varying characteristics (ie, episode length and disease-free intervals between episodes): 1) systemic inflammatory response syndrome (n = 36), 2) depression (n = 33), and 3) epilepsy (n = 30). DTA was estimated on the levels ‘time’, ‘block’, and ‘patient-time’ for each diagnosis, representing different research questions. The estimation was conducted for the time units per minute, per hour, and per day. Results: A comparison of DTA per and across use cases showed variations in the estimates, which resulted from the used level, the time unit, the resulting number of observations per patient, and the diagnosis-specific characteristics. Intra- and inter-use-case comparisons showed that the time-level had the highest DTA, particularly the larger the time unit, and that the patient-time-level approximated 50% sensitivity and specificity. Conclusion: Researchers need to predefine their choices (ie, estimation levels and time units) based on their individual research aims, estimands, and diagnosis-specific characteristics of the target outcomes to make sure that unbiased and clinically relevant measures are communicated. In cases of uncertainty, researchers could report the DTA of the test using more than one estimation level and/or time unit. ER  - 
A happiness approach to valuing health states for children$$$ Preference weights are widely used to score generic health states into utility indexes for estimation of quality adjusted life years (QALYs) and to aid health care funding decisions. To date, health state utilities are predominantly derived using stated preference methods based on decision utility. This paper tests an alternative and generates preference weights using experienced utility for children based on the Child Health Utility 9D (CHU9D) descriptive system. We estimate the relative values of the CHU9D health states with regard to experienced utility, where experienced utility is approximated by self-reported happiness. A nationally-representative longitudinal survey was used including 6090 Australian children aged 12–17 years surveyed over 2014–2018. The derived weights were then applied to calculate the utility decrements for a few common child health conditions. We found that the estimated utility decrements are largely similar to those estimated using the published CHU9D Australian adolescent weights based on decision utility, except for pain and depression. A smaller utility decrement for pain and a larger utility decrement for depression were indicated by experienced utility. We contribute to the literature by showing that using experienced utility methods to generate preference weights for health states is possible, and we discuss some important methodological challenges for future studies such as the impracticability of anchoring to ‘dead’ when utilizing experienced utility. ER  - 
Ketogenic Diet Intervention on Metabolic and Psychiatric Health in Bipolar and Schizophrenia: A Pilot Trial$$$ The ketogenic diet (KD, also known as metabolic therapy) has been successful in the treatment of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and epilepsy. More recently, this treatment has shown promise in the treatment of psychiatric illness. We conducted a 4–month pilot study to investigate the effects of a KD on individuals with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder with existing metabolic abnormalities. Twenty–three participants were enrolled in a single–arm trial. Results showcased improvements in metabolic health, with no participants meeting metabolic syndrome criteria by study conclusion. Adherent individuals experienced significant reduction in weight (12 %), BMI (12 %), waist circumference (13 %), and visceral adipose tissue (36 %). Observed biomarker enhancements in this population include a 27 % decrease in HOMA–IR, and a 25 % drop in triglyceride levels. In psychiatric measurements, participants with schizophrenia showed a 32 % reduction in Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale scores. Overall Clinical Global Impression (CGI) severity improved by an average of 31 %, and the proportion of participants that started with elevated symptomatology improved at least 1–point on CGI (79 %). Psychiatric outcomes across the cohort encompassed increased life satisfaction (17 %) and enhanced sleep quality (19 %). This pilot trial underscores the potential advantages of adjunctive ketogenic dietary treatment in individuals grappling with serious mental illness. ER  - 
Psychiatric and behavioral concerns of perampanel with concomitant levetiracetam in children with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Perampanel (PER) is expanding the therapeutic scope for pediatric epilepsy owing to its efficacy and favorable safety profile. However, concerns about psychiatric and behavioral adverse events (PBAEs) in combination therapy with levetiracetam (LEV) continue to contribute to hesitation in its prescription. We investigated the risk profiles for PBAEs when adding PER to pediatric epilepsy treatment and analyzed the differences according to the presence of concomitant LEV. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of children aged 4–18 years with epilepsy who were prescribed PER as adjunctive therapy from March 2016 to February 2023. We compared the occurrence and management of PBAEs between the PER without LEV and PER with LEV groups. The risk factors for PBAEs were also analyzed. Results: Ninety-four patients (53 boys and 41 girls) were included in this study. The median age of total patients at the time of adding PER was 14.9 years (12.3–16.4 years), and 53 patients (56.4 %) had concomitant LEV. Forty-seven PBAEs occurred in 34 patients (36.2 %), with no significant differences depending on whether concomitant LEV is present or not. The most common PBAEs were aggression (14.9 %), irritability (9.6 %), affect lability (7.4 %), and acute psychosis (6.4 %). PBAEs occurred at a lower dosage (2–6 mg/day) in 70.6 % of the patients. In addition, 73.5 % of patients with PBAEs continued PER treatment by follow-up observation or by reducing the PER dosage. No risk factors, such as the presence of concomitant LEV or lamotrigine, any comorbid conditions, higher PER dosage (8–12 mg/day), two or more concomitant anti-seizure medications, and younger age (<13 years) at PER add-on, showed significant associations. Conclusion: When expanding the use of anti-seizure medications in pediatric patients, real-world evidence on safety issues is crucial for pediatric epileptologists. We confirmed that combination therapy with PER and LEV did not increase the risk profile of PBAEs. ER  - 
A quantitative cross-sectional study of the burden of caring for patients with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, Dravet syndrome, and tuberous sclerosis complex-associated epilepsy in Japan$$$ Introduction: Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS), Dravet syndrome (DS), and tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC)-associated epilepsy are rare conditions associated with severe childhood-onset epilepsy. Caregivers play a critical role in the patients’ care and may experience significant psychosocial and socioeconomic burden. This cross-sectional study determined the burden of caring for patients with these rare epilepsy conditions in Japan. Methods: A quantitative online survey was used to assess patients’ and caregivers’ characteristics and the caregivers’ emotional state, among others. Several validated questionnaires were used: the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS; 0–21 score) assessed the caregivers’ emotional wellbeing, the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory Family Impact Module (PedsQL FIM; 0–100 score) assessed the health-related quality of life (HRQoL) of the caregivers and their families, and the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment General Health (WPAI:GH; 0–100 % score) questionnaire assessed work productivity. Results: A total of 36 caregivers responded (median [interquartile range (IQR)] age 43.5 [39.5, 48.3] years; 33/36 [92 %] female; 13/36 [36 %] working part-time and 13/36 [36 %] not working). Participants cared for 7/36 (19 %), 19/36 (53 %), and 10/36 (28 %) patients with LGS, DS, and TSC, respectively (median [IQR] age, 11.0 [6.8, 16.3] years; age at first seizure, 0 [0, 0] years). Patients received a median (IQR) of 4 (3, 5) treatment drug types. Patients experienced median (IQR) 3.0 (0, 21.0) epileptic seizures in the previous week; 28/36 (78 %) had severe intellectual disabilities, and 34/36 (94 %) had developmental delays. Caregivers reported stress (17/36 [47 %]), sleep problems (13/36 [36 %]), and anxiety (12/36 [33 %]). They spent a median (IQR) of 50.0 (17.5, 70.0) hours caregiving in the previous week, with 3.0 (1.0, 11.0) hours of seizure-specific care. Caregivers reported that their lives would be easier with a median (IQR) of 1.5 (0, 5.0) hours fewer per week caring for patients during/following seizures. Median HADS scores were 9.5 (‘suspected anxiety diagnosis’) and 7.5 (‘no depression’) for caregivers, and PedsQL FIM Total median score was 60.1, indicating HRQoL impairment for the caregiver and their family. WPAI:GH scores for paid workers indicated important work impairment. Higher caregiving hours (≥ 21 h vs. < 21 h in the previous week) resulted in higher caregiver burden as indicated by the HADS Total score (p = 0.0062) and PedsQL FIM Total score (p = 0.0007). Conclusions: Caregivers of patients with LGS, DS, or TSC in Japan experience a significant time burden, reduced HRQoL, and high level of work/activity impairment. Caregivers provide round-the-clock care to patients and rely on family and specialized caring services to help manage the increased caregiving time, which tends to be associated with greater emotional burden and HRQoL impact. ER  - 
Effects of a Nurse-Led Cognitive Behavioral Intervention for Parents of Children With Epilepsy$$$ Background: This study aimed to evaluate the effects of a nurse-led cognitive behavioral intervention for parents of children with epilepsy (CWE). Methods: The study recruited 238 CWE from the neurology ward of Xiangya Hospital from March 2019 to August 2022. According to the interventions after discharge, the children and their parents were randomly divided into 117 parent-child dyads in the intervention group and 121 parent-child dyads in the control group. The seizure severity and treatment compliance in CWE as well as the parents’ psychological states and satisfaction with the care provided by nurses were compared before and after intervention. Results: The follow-up six months after discharge showed that the seizure frequency among CWE in the intervention group was significantly less than the controls (P = 0.048). Compared with the controls, the intervention group also reported fewer symptoms of anxiety and depression, better sleep quality, and more positive attitudes toward epilepsy, as well as higher nursing satisfaction (P < 0.001). The correlation analysis indicated the correlation of CWE's seizure severity was correlated with the compliance, parents' psychological states, and parents' satisfaction with the care provided by nurses. Conclusions: The adoption of the nurse-led cognitive behavioral intervention on parents of CWE can improve the parents’ mental health status and their satisfaction with the nurses, which can have a positive association with the seizure severity of CWE. In light of this information, this nursing intervention may be a new method for the long-term disease management of CWE. ER  - 
Osimertinib plus local treatment for brain metastases versus osimertinib alone in patients with EGFR-Mutant Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer$$$ Objectives: Osimertinib is a standard treatment for patients with EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and is highly effective for brain metastases (BMs). However, it is unclear whether local treatment (LT) for BMs prior to osimertinib administration improves survival in EGFR-mutant NSCLC. We aimed to reveal the survival benefit of upfront local treatment (LT) for BMs in patients treated with osimertinib. Materials and Methods: This multicenter retrospective study included consecutive patients with EGFR mutation (19del or L858R)-positive NSCLC who had BMs before osimertinib initiation between August 2018 and October 2021. We compared overall survival (OS) and central nervous system progression-free survival (CNS-PFS) between patients who received upfront LT for BMs (the upfront LT group), and patients who received osimertinib only (the osimertinib-alone group). Inverse-probability treatment weighting (IPTW) analysis was performed to adjust for potential confounding factors. Results: Of the 121 patients analyzed, 57 and 64 patients had 19del and L858R, respectively. Forty-five and 76 patients were included in the upfront LT group and the osimertinib-alone groups, respectively. IPTW-adjusted Kaplan–Meier curves showed that the OS of the upfront LT group was significantly longer than that of the osimertinib-alone group (median, 95 % confidence intervals [95 %CI]: Not reached [NR], NR–NR vs. 31.2, 21.7–33.2; p = 0.021). The hazard ratio (HR) for OS and CNS-PFS was 0.37 (95 %CI, 0.16–0.87) and 0.36 (95 %CI, 0.15–0.87), respectively. Conclusions: The OS and CNS-PFS of patients who received upfront LT for BMs followed by osimertinib were significantly longer than those of patients who received osimertinib alone. Upfront LT for BMs may be beneficial in patients with EGFR-mutant NSCLC treated with osimertinib. ER  - 
Design and validation of a diagnostic suspicion checklist to differentiate epileptic from psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES-DSC)$$$ Objective: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are complex clinical manifestations and misdiagnosis as status epilepticus remains high, entailing deleterious consequences for patients. Video-electroencephalography (vEEG) remains the gold-standard method for diagnosing PNES. However, time and economic constraints limit access to vEEG, and clinicians lack fast and reliable screening tools to assist in the differential diagnosis with epileptic seizures (ES). This study aimed to design and validate the PNES-DSC, a clinically based PNES diagnostic suspicion checklist with adequate sensitivity (Se) and specificity (Sp) to discriminate PNES from ES. Methods: A cross-sectional study with 125 patients (n = 104 drug-resistant epilepsy; n = 21 PNES) admitted for a vEEG protocolised study of seizures. A preliminary PNES-DSC (16-item) was designed and used by expert raters blinded to the definitive diagnosis to evaluate the seizure video recordings for each patient. Cohen's kappa coefficient, leave-one-out cross-validation (LOOCV) and balance accuracy (BAC) comprised the main validation analysis. Results: The final PNES-DSC is a 6-item checklist that requires only two to be present to confirm the suspicion of PNES. The LOOCV showed 71.4% BAC (Se = 45.2%; Sp = 97.6%) when the expert rater watched one seizure video recording and 83.4% BAC (Se = 69.6%; Sp = 97.2%) when the expert rater watched two seizure video recordings. Conclusion: The PNES-DSC is a straightforward checklist with adequate psychometric properties. With an integrative approach and appropriate patient history, the PNES-DSC can assist clinicians in expediting the final diagnosis of PNES when vEEG is limited. The PNES-DSC can also be used in the absence of patients, allowing clinicians to assess seizure recordings from smartphones. ER  - 
Evaluating the prevalence and risk factors for depression in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis: A cross-sectional multicenter study$$$ Background: Epilepsy frequently accompanies Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). Notably, people with temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis may face an increased susceptibility to MDD, as evidence indicates the involvement of the limbic system in the development of emotional symptoms. Objectives: To determine the prevalence and predictors of depression in temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis (TLE-HS) and compare them to those of other epilepsy types. Methods: A sample of 293 epilepsy patients, including 159 non-TLE-HS and 134 TLE-HS, were recruited from three hospitals. Of these, 215 completed a two-section electronic survey. The first section collected demographic and epilepsy data, while the second used the Arabic version of the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E). Results: Of 215 patients, 104 (48%) had TLE-HS—38 with right TLE-HS (37%), 56 with left TLE-HS (54%), and 10 with bilateral TLE-HS (10%). The prevalence and severity of depression was assessed with an NDDI-E score of 15 or higher identified 35 patients (16%) with MDD. Valproic acid and lamotrigine were associated with higher NDDI-E scores. No such associations were found for levetiracetam or carbamazepine. Polytherapy in TLE-HS showed a significant correlation with daily poor concentration. Conclusion: We explored the differences in depression prevalence between TLE-HS and other epilepsy types and concluded they are minimal but slightly higher in TLE-HS. Predictors of depression such as seizure frequency and disease duration influenced MDD prevalence in TLE-HS. Lamotrigine and valproate were linked to higher NDDI-E scores. ER  - 
Predictors for and use of rescue medication in adults with epilepsy: A multicentre cross-sectional study from Germany$$$ Background: Seizure clusters, prolonged seizures, and status epilepticus are life-threatening neurological emergencies leading to irreversible neuronal damage. Benzodiazepines are current evidence-based rescue therapy options; however, recent investigations indicated the prescription of mainly unsuitable benzodiazepines and inappropriate use of rescue medication. Objective: To examine current use, satisfaction, and adverse events concerning rescue medication in patients with epilepsy in Germany. Patients and Methods: The study was conducted at epilepsy centres in Frankfurt am Main, Greifswald, Marburg, and Münster between 10/2020 and 12/2020. Patients with an epilepsy diagnosis were assessed based on a questionnaire examining a 12-month period. Results: In total, 486 patients (mean age: 40.5, range 18–83, 58.2 % female) participated in this study, of which 125 (25.7 %) reported the use of rescue medication. The most frequently prescribed rescue medications were lorazepam tablets (56.8 %, n = 71 out of 125), buccal midazolam (19.2 %, n = 24), and rectal diazepam (10.4 %, n = 13). Seizures continuing for over several minutes (43.2 %, n = 54), seizure clusters (28.0 %, n = 35), and epileptic auras (28.0 %, n = 35) were named as indications, while 28.0 % (n = 35) stated they administered the rescue medication for every seizure. Of those continuing to have seizures, 46.0 % did not receive rescue medication. On average, rescue medication prescription occurred 7.1 years (SD 12.7, range 0–66) after an epilepsy diagnosis. Conclusions: Unsuitable oral benzodiazepines remain widely prescribed for epilepsy patients as rescue medication. Patients also reported inappropriate use of medication. A substantial proportion of patients who were not seizure-free did not receive rescue medication prescriptions. Offering each patient at risk for prolonged seizures or clusters of seizures an individual rescue treatment with instructions on using it may decrease mortality and morbidity and increase quality of life. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of adjunctive cenobamate based on patient etiology: Post-hoc analysis of YKP3089C017 randomized clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Adjunctive cenobamate was effective and safe for the treatment of uncontrolled focal onset seizures in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2 study (YKP3089C017; NCT01866111). This post-hoc analysis assessed the efficacy of adjunctive cenobamate in the treatment of patients with different epileptic etiologies during the study. Methods: Adult patients with uncontrolled focal seizures who previously received 1 to 3 antiseizure medications (ASMs) were randomly assigned in a ratio of 1:1:1:1 to receive placebo or cenobamate 100, 200 or 400 mg/day. Patients were further stratified based on their etiologic causes as genetic/presumed genetic, unknown cause, structural cause, and not reported (NR) groups. The frequency per 28 days for an 18-week double-blind treatment period, responder rates (≥50 %, ≥75 %, ≥90 %, and 100 %) during the maintenance phase (12 weeks), and safety were assessed. Results: A total of 394 patients were categorized into the genetic/presumed genetic (n = 9; 2.28 %), unknown cause (n = 199; 50.51 %), structural cause (n = 177; 44.92 %), and NR (n = 13; 3.30 %) groups, with 4 patients were classified into either of the two etiological causes each. The baseline characteristics were comparable. The percentage of reduction in seizure frequency per 28 days was significantly higher in the cenobamate-treated structural (p = 0.01) and unknown cause (p = 0.0003) groups compared with the placebo group. Responder rates of ≥50 %, ≥75 %, ≥90 %, and 100 % were also higher with cenobamate therapy. Notably, no serious treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were observed in the genetic/presumed genetic group treated with cenobamate. The most common TEAEs (≥10 %) occurring in patients treated with cenobamate were nervous system disorders by system organ class, and somnolence was the most commonly reported TEAE. Conclusion: Cenobamate reduces seizures in adult patients previously treated with ASMs, with high responder rates and acceptable safety, regardless of underlying causes. ER  - 
Early versus late switch over of antiseizure medications from intravenous to the oral route in children with seizures: Single-blinded, randomized controlled trial (ELAIO trial)$$$ Introduction: Early switch-over of anti-seizure medications (ASMs) from intravenous to oral route may reduce the duration of hospitalization, drug acquisition costs, and behavioral upset in hospitalized children with seizures. Objective: The primary objective was to compare short-term seizure recurrence within 1 week in hospitalized children aged 1 month to 18 years with new-onset/breakthrough seizures after an early versus late switch-over from intravenous to the oral route of ASMs. Secondary objectives were to compare the incidence of status epilepticus, duration of hospital stay, drug acquisition costs, and caregiver-reported satisfaction scores in both groups. Methods: In this single-blind randomized controlled trial, patients with seizures were categorized based on the number of ASMs required and the history of status epilepticus. Patients in each category were randomized in a 1:1 ratio into either early or late switch-over (ES or LS) groups. In the ES groups, ASMs were tapered one-by-one between 0 and 24 hours of seizure freedom, while in the LS groups, they were tapered one-by-one between 24 and 48 hours of seizure freedom. Results: A total of 112 children were enrolled in the study, with 56 in each arm. Seizure recurrence at 1 week and 12 weeks was comparable in ES and LS groups (3/55 vs. 1/54 at 1 week, p=0.61; 7/49 vs. 6/49 at 12 weeks, p=0.98). Drug acquisition costs were significantly lower in the ES group (393±274 vs. 658±568 INR, p=0.002). Thrombophlebitis and dysphoria were significantly more common in the LS group (p=0.008 and 0.03, respectively). Conclusion: The early switch-over of ASMs from intravenous to oral route is safe without any significant increased risk of short-term seizure recurrence and also associated with a reduction in the incidence of thrombophlebitis and ASM acquisition costs. Trial registration No: CTRI/2021/03/032145 ER  - 
Current practice and safety measures in epilepsy monitoring units in the Gulf Cooperation Council Countries: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background: An increasing number of Epilepsy Monitoring Units (EMU) display various practices and safety protocols. EMU settings should meet clear, standardized safety protocols to avoid seizure adverse events (SAE). We aim to provide the foundational framework facilitating the establishment of unified evidence-based safety regulations to address the practices and safety measures implemented within the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC). Methods: In this cross-sectional study, EMU directors in the GCC were contacted directly by phone to personally complete an electronic 37-item questionnaire sent via text messages and email. From January 2021–December 2021. Results: Seventeen EMUs from six GCC countries participated in the study. All EMU directors responded to the study. Twelve (70.6%) EMUs monitored adults and children, five (29.4%) monitored adults, and none monitored children only. The number of certified epileptologists in the EMUs ranged from one to eight per unit. Fifteen (88.2%) EMUs applied a continuous observation pattern, whereas two (11.8%) performed daytime only. The precautions most commonly used in the video Electroencephalogram (EEG) were seizure pads and bedside oxygen in 15 EMUs (88.2%). For invasive EEG, seizure pads were used in 9 EMUs (52.9%), %) and IV access in 8 EMUs (47.1%). The occurrence of adverse events varied among EMUs. The most common conditions were postictal psychosis 10 (58.8%), injuries 7 (41.2%), and status epilepticus 6 (35.3%). Falls were mainly related to missed seizures or delayed recognition by video monitors in 8 EMUs (47.1%). The extended EMU stay was because of an insufficient number of recorded seizures in 16 EMUs (94.1%), poor seizure lateralization and localization in 10 (58.8%), and re-introduction of AEDs in nine (52.9%). All EMUs had written acute seizure and status epilepticus management protocols. A postictal psychosis management protocol was available for 10 (58.8%). Medications were withdrawn before admission in 6 EMUs (35.3%). The specific medication withdrawal speed protocol upon admission was available in 7 EMUs (41.2%). Pre-admission withdrawal of medication demonstrated a shorter length of stay in both video and invasive EEG, which was statistically significant (ρ (15) = −.529, p =.029; ρ (7) = −.694, p =.038; respectively). Conclusion: The practice and safety regulations of EMUs in the GCC vary widely. Each EMU reported the occurrences of SAE and injuries. Precautions, protective measures, and management protocols must be reassessed to minimize the number of SAEs and increase the safety of the EMU. ER  - 
Vosoritide treatment for children with hypochondroplasia: a phase 2 trial$$$ Background: Hypochondroplasia is a rare autosomal dominant skeletal dysplasia due to activating variants in FGFR3. It presents with disproportionate short stature with a wide range of clinical severity. There are currently no approved medications to treat short stature in children with hypochondroplasia. Vosoritide is a C-type natriuretic peptide analog that was recently approved for improving growth in children with achondroplasia. We aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of vosoritide in children with hypochondroplasia. Methods: We conducted a single-arm, phase 2, open-label trial at a single centre in the USA and enrolled 26 children with hypochondroplasia. The trial consists of a 6-month observation period to establish a baseline annualized growth velocity followed by a 12-month intervention period during which vosoritide is administered daily via subcutaneous injection at a dose of 15 μg/kg/day. The trial's co-primary endpoints included the incidence of adverse events and the change from baseline in age-sex standardized annualized growth velocity and height standardized deviation score (SDS) after 12 months of treatment. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT04219007). Findings: Twenty-four participants with a mean age of 5.86 years received vosoritide therapy. The first participant was enrolled on August 4, 2020, and the final participant completed the 18-month trial on September 8, 2023. Vosoritide was well tolerated with no treatment-related serious adverse events. Injection site reactions occurred in 83.3% of participants. No participants discontinued therapy due to an adverse event. Annualized growth velocity increased by 2.26 standard deviations (SD) and height SDS increased by 0.36 SD during the treatment period versus the observation period. Hypochondroplasia specific height SDS increased by 0.38 SD. There was a 1.81 cm/year increase in absolute annualized growth velocity. Interpretation: Vosoritide was safe and effective in increasing growth velocity in children with hypochondroplasia. Efficacy was similar to what has been reported in children with achondroplasia. Funding: This study was supported by an investigator-initiated grant fromBioMarin Pharmaceutical. ER  - 
Delirium with Psychosis in an Elderly Woman with Autoimmune Encephalitis$$$ Introduction: Delirium is very common in elderly patients with acute illnesses. Patients can display a broad array of symptoms ranging from lethargy to severe behavioral abnormality (1). Antipsychotics were used in a case of delirium that turned out to be due to autoimmune encephalitis. This case helps to shed the light on the need to avoid polypharmacy in the geriatric population. The Post-Acute and Long Term Care setting can be the perfect environment to implement such an important concept. Case Description: An elderly female in her 80’s with history of hypertension, and hypothyroidism first presented to another facility with confusion and was treated for urinary tract infection. She returned with fluctuating mental status. Workup was negative except for EEG showing seizure activity, and she was given 1 gram of Levetiracetam intravenously (IV). She was discharged on Valproic acid 4 days later. She presented to our facility 3 weeks later with visual hallucinations, compulsivity, and insomnia. Her private physician had initiated a workup for mild cognitive impairment. Her exam was normal except that she could not do serial sevens. Repeated workup was normal. Neurology suggested a 5-day course of 1 gram IV methylprednisolone daily, with no improvement. Psychiatry recommended antipsychotics with no response. She developed several side effects of Haloperidol and was given Benztropine. Subsequently, she was given 5 days of IV immunoglobulin, her symptoms improved, and she was presumed to have autoimmune encephalitis. Her antipsychotic regimen was tapered off before her discharge to a Sub-Acute Rehabilitation Center. Discussion: Acute illness in an older individual with cognitive impairment is a predisposing factor for delirium. The etiology is not always obvious. Risk mitigation and prompt treatment therefore rely on a sophisticated strategy to address the contributing factors (1). A systematic review of 26 randomized controlled trials and observational studies, evaluating 5607 adult inpatients with delirium, does not support routine use of Haloperidol or second-generation anti-psychotics for treating delirium in adult inpatients (2). Treating isolated symptoms instead of targeting the underlying etiology of a disease, often leads to increased pill burden for our patients. This case illustrates how polypharmacy can occur, and adversely affect outcome. Refraining from initiating medications for which there is a lack of clear indication for their use, may be an easier task than deprescribing. References: 1. Melissa LP Matisson, MD: Delirium. Annals of Internal Medicine ACP. Oct 2020; 173:7 50-64 2. Roozbeh Nikooie, MD et al. Antipsychotics for Delirium in Hospitalized Adults. A Systematic Review. Annals of Internal Medicine. 2019; Oct 171:485-495 3. Edward R. Marcantonio, MD: Delirium in Hospitalized Older Patients. New England Journal of Medicine. Oct 2017; 377:1456-66 Disclosure: None ER  - 
Gain-of-function and loss-of-function variants in GRIA3 lead to distinct neurodevelopmental phenotypes$$$ AMPA (α-Amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionic acid) receptors (AMPARs) mediate fast excitatory neurotransmission in the brain. AMPARs form by homo-or heteromeric assembly of subunits encoded by the GRIA1-GRIA4 genes, of which only GRIA3 is X-chromosomal. Increasing numbers of GRIA3 missense variants are reported in patients with neurodevelopmental disorders (NDD), but only a few have been examined functionally. Here, we evaluated the impact on AMPAR function of one frameshift and 43 rare missense GRIA3 variants identified in patients with NDD by electrophysiological assays. Thirty-one variants alter receptor function and show loss-of-function or gain-of-function properties, whereas 13 appeared neutral. We collected detailed clinical data from 25 patients (from 23 families) harbouring 17 of these variants. All patients had global developmental impairment, mostly moderate (9/25) or severe (12/25). Twelve patients had seizures, including focal motor (6/12), unknown onset motor (4/12), focal impaired awareness (1/12), (atypical) absence (2/12), myoclonic (5/12) and generalized tonic-clonic (1/12) or atonic (1/12) seizures. The epilepsy syndrome was classified as developmental and epileptic encephalopathy in eight patients, developmental encephalopathy without seizures in 13 patients, and intellectual disability with epilepsy in four patients. Limb muscular hypotonia was reported in 13/25, and hypertonia in 10/25. Movement disorders were reported in 14/25, with hyperekplexia or non-epileptic erratic myoclonus being the most prevalent feature (8/25). Correlating receptor functional phenotype with clinical features revealed clinical features for GRIA3-Associated NDDs and distinct NDD phenotypes for loss-of-function and gain-of-function variants. Gain-of-function variants were associated with more severe outcomes: patients were younger at the time of seizure onset (median age: 1 month), hypertonic and more often had movement disorders, including hyperekplexia. Patients with loss-of-function variants were older at the time of seizure onset (median age: 16 months), hypotonic and had sleeping disturbances. Loss-of-function and gain-of-function variants were disease-causing in both sexes but affected males often carried de novo or hemizygous loss-of-function variants inherited from healthy mothers, whereas affected females had mostly de novo heterozygous gain-of-function variants. ER  - 
Randomized Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial of Dutasteride for Reducing Heavy Drinking in Men$$$ Background Prior studies indicate that neuroactive steroids mediate some of alcohol's effects. Dutasteride, widely used to treat benign prostatic hypertrophy, is an inhibitor of 5-alpha reductase enzymes, which play a central role in the production of 5α-reduced neuroactive steroids. The purpose of this study was to test dutasteride's tolerability and efficacy for reducing drinking. Methods Men (n = 142) with heavy drinking (>24 drinks per week) and a goal to either stop or reduce drinking to nonhazardous levels were randomized to placebo or 1 mg dutasteride daily for 12 weeks. We hypothesized that dutasteride-treated patients would be more successful in reducing drinking. Results Generalized linear mixed models that included baseline drinking, treatment, time and their 2-way interaction identified significant interactions of treatment-time, such that dutasteride treatment reduced drinking more than placebo. During the last month of treatment, 25% of dutasteride-treated participants had no hazardous drinking (no heavy drinking days and not more than 14 drinks per week) compared with 6% of placebo-treated participants (P = 0.006; NNT = 6). Sensitivity analysis identified baseline drinking to cope as a factor associated with larger reductions in drinking for dutasteride compared with placebo-treated participants. Dutasteride was well tolerated. Adverse events more common in the dutasteride group were stomach discomfort and reduced libido. Conclusion Dutasteride 1 mg daily was efficacious in reducing the number of heavy drinking days and drinks per week in treatment-seeking men. The benefit of dutasteride compared with placebo was greatest for participants with elevated baseline drinking to cope motives. ER  - 
DEPRESSION IN FAMILY MEMBERS OF ALCOHOL DEPENDENCE PATIENTS: AN OBSERVATIONAL STUDY$$$ Objectives: The aim of the study was to find out prevalence and severity of depression in family members of alcohol-dependence patients. Methods: This was a cross-sectional, observational study in which 50 family members of patients with alcohol dependence according to mental and behavioral disorders diagnostic criterion for research (ICD-10 DCR) included on the basis of a predefined inclusion and exclusion criteria. The severity of alcohol dependence was assessed by Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test-C (AUDIT-C) score. The incidence of depression and its severity in family members was assessed by Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) score. The correlation of AUDIT-C score in alcohol-dependent patients and HAM-D score in family members was done by using Pearson coefficient correlation statistical purposes p<0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Results: Out of the 50 patients with alcohol dependence, 48 (96.00%) were males and 2 (4%) were females. The mean age of the patients was found to be 41.12±11.02. The mean duration of alcoholism was 8.16±5.39 years. 19 (38%) patients had AUDIT-C score of 8 whereas AUDIT-C score of 10 and 12 was found in 16 (32%) and 15 (30%) patients each. The most commonly affected relative was spouse (40%), followed by mother (26%), brother (20%), and father (14%). Majority of the family members (82%) had mild depression (score between 8 and 13). Nine (18%) patients did not have any depression. Moderate, severe, or very severe depression was not seen in any family member. There was a significant positive correlation between AUDIT-C score in alcohol-dependent patients and HAM-D score in family members (R score=0.6333 and p<0.005). Conclusion: There is a significant psychological impact, particularly depression, of alcohol dependence on family members. Severity of hazardous drinking correlated positively with the incidence of depression in family members. ER  - 
Urban Rural Differences on Accessing Patient- Centered Medical Home Among Children With Mental/Developmental Health Conditions/Disorders$$$ Introduction: To address healthcare spending growth and coordinated primary care, most states in the United States have adopted patient-centered medical homes (PCMHs). To evaluate urban rural difference on accessing PCMH among US children, particularly for children with developmental disabilities (DDs) and mental health disorders (MHDs). Methods: This cross-sectional study used the 2016-2018 National Survey for Children's Health (NSCH). Multivariable adjusted logistic regression analyses were used to assess the association between accessing PCMHs and rurality and mental/developmental conditions/disorders. Results: Children with both DDs and MHDs were statistically significantly higher in rural areas (10.9% rural vs. 8.3% urban, p ≤.001). Children in rural areas reported higher odds of accessing PCMHs (14%) among all U.S. children, but no differences by subgroups for children with MHDs and/or DDs. Compared with children without DDs/MHDs, the reduction in access to PCMHs varies by children's health status (41% reduction for children both DDs and MHDs, 25% reduction for children with MHDs without DDs) effects. Children with MHDs/DDs were less likely to receive family-centered care, care coordination, and referrals. Conclusions: Quality improvements through PCMHs could focus on family-centered care, care coordination, and referrals. Patient-centered medical home performance measurement could be improved to better measure mental health integration and geographical differences. ER  - 
PO-04-015 ANTIDEPRESSANT USE IN CHILDREN WITH CONGENITAL LONG QT SYNDROME$$$ Background: Congenital LQTS conveys a significant risk of cardiac events, including syncope, seizures, and/or sudden cardiac death. Primary management includes avoidance of medications that prolong the QT interval. Many antidepressant medications are known to be QT-prolonging, and while use of these drugs in children is expanding, there is currently no literature on whether their use increases event rate or significantly prolongs the QTc in congenital LQTS. Objective: The objectives of this study are to determine the prevalence of depression and anxiety in patients with congenital LQTS; to evaluate the antidepressant treatment, outcomes, and frequency of LQTS-triggered events in patients with congenital LQTS; and to assess QT interval changes during antidepressant treatment of patients with congenital LQTS. Methods: This was a single-center retrospective study. A list of study patients was generated by an electronic medical records query. Patients were divided into cohorts based on whether they were prescribed antidepressant medications during the study period. Incidence of LQTS-triggered events and QT interval measurements before and after antidepressant use were recorded for comparison. Results: A total of 98 subjects were identified for analysis. Ninety-two percent of patients were prescribed beta-blockers as treatment for their long QT syndrome. Twenty-seven percent (n=26) of the cohort were diagnosed with anxiety or depression. Of these, 58% (n=15) received antidepressant therapy. The most commonly prescribed medications were sertraline and fluoxetine. Median duration of antidepressant therapy up to last known follow-up was 2 years. We found no significant difference in the LQTS event rate or QTc from before antidepressants were prescribed compared to when patients were on antidepressants. Median (IQR) of baseline average QTc 467 (460, 479) ms vs median (IQR) of first post-antidepressant QTc 482 (462, 487), p = 0.27. Conclusion: In this single-center study, the prevalence of anxiety and depression in patients with LQTS were consistent with those of the general population. Our data also suggests rates of treatment that are comparable to those of the general population. The lack of increased cardiac events or QTc prolongation suggests that certain antidepressant therapy may be safe in patients with LQTS on beta-blockers. Further study across multiple centers and with a larger cohort may help clarify the safety of these medications and increase practitioner comfort in prescribing in this population. ER  - 
Pregnancies in Women After Liver Transplant due to Wilson's Disease—Case Series$$$ Wilson's disease is a rare autosomal recessive disorder. Due to a defect in membrane copper transporter, copper is not excreted in the bile and accumulates in the tissues. The only treatment for acute liver failure in Wilson's disease is a liver transplant. Aim: Assessment of the course of pregnancies and comparison of obstetric outcomes in female liver transplant recipients in the course of Wilson's disease. Methodology: Retrospective analysis of data of women, who were pregnant and gave birth in the years: 2017 to 2023. Evaluation of their liver function used pharmacotherapy and obstetric outcomes. Results: We recorded 11 pregnancies in liver transplantation recipients due to Wilson's disease. Ten single pregnancies and 1 twin (DCDA) were observed. In all pregnancies, graft functions and immunosuppressive drug concentrations were monitored. Three women suffered from epilepsy, one was diagnosed with psychiatric disorder. Two were diagnosed with cholestasis, and another 2 with gestational diabetes. Two of them were treated for pregnancy-induced hypertension and 2 developed preeclampsia. Deterioration of liver function parameters in pregnancy was observed in 2 cases. In total, 8 full-term babies were born and 4 late-preterm, including twins at 35 weeks of gestation. Seven pregnancies were delivered by caesarean section and 4 delivered vaginally. No complications in early postpartum period have been reported. Conclusions: Women with Wilson's disease treated with organ transplantation have a chance of successful pregnancies and deliveries. ER  - 
Characterizing Vitamin B12 Deficiency in Neurology Outpatients: A Retrospective Observational Study$$$ Objectives Clinical manifestations of vitamin B12 deficiency are varied and may result in missed or delayed diagnosis. This investigation explores the diverse clinical manifestations and demographic characteristics of vitamin B12 deficiency in neurology outpatients, aiming to enhance timely diagnosis and outcomes. Methods The severity of vitamin B12 deficiency was classified as absolute (≤150 pg/mL) or borderline deficiency (150-300 pg/mL). We conducted a retrospective analysis of 165 outpatients with vitamin B12 deficiency at the department of neurology between May 2020 and May 2021. Result Absolute vitamin B12 deficiency was found in 23.0% of the patients. The most common age range was 50-60 years, the most common cause was vegetarianism, and the most common symptom was headache. Epileptiform symptoms were more likely to occur in younger patients (<20 years old) with vitamin B12 deficiency, whereas psychiatric symptoms were more likely to occur in older patients (>70 years old). Vegetarians, salivation, and nonmegaloblastic anemia were more obvious in patients with absolute vitamin B12 deficiency, whereas headaches often showed borderline B12 deficiency. Conclusions The clinical characteristics of vitamin B12 deficiency are complex and nonspecific. The diagnosis should be based on multiple factors. ER  - 
effects of intravenous single-bolus lidocaine infusion versus intravenous single-bolus magnesium sulfate infusion on postoperative pain, emotional status, and quality of life in patients undergoing spine fusion surgery: a randomized study$$$ BACKGROUND: We assessed the efficiency of intravenous adjuvants in decreasing opioid intake and pain scores after spine fusion surgery. MetHoDs: this study included 120 patients aged 18-60 listed for spine fusion surgery under general anesthesia. Patients were randomly assigned to four groups: Group (Lidocaine): received IV lidocaine 4 mg/kg in 50 mL volume over 30 min. Group (Magnesium): received IV magnesium sulfate 30mg/kg in 50 mL volume over 30 min. Group (combined Lidocaine and Magnesium): received IV lidocaine 4 mg/kg in 50 mL volume over 30 min.+IV magnesium sulfate 30mg/ kg in 50 mL volume over 30 min. Group (Control): received IV saline 50 mL. The time to the first request analgesia, the postoperative pain score, total analgesic use, patient satisfaction, anxiety, depression, mental state, quality of life, and side effects were measured. RESULTS: The combined group had more extended time for the first analgesic request and fewer rescue analgesia doses than the other groups. NRS scores at rest or movement were statistically significantly lower in the lidocaine group and the combined group compared to the control group (P1, P3<0.05) at almost all times. this combination reduces anxiety and depression and improves overall health up to three months after a single infusion. the combined group had higher patient satisfaction. coNclUsioNs: a synergistic effect of a combination of lidocaine and magnesium sulfate on perioperative pain was found. it reduces analgesic consumption, depression, and anxiety and improves overall health up to three months after a single infusion dose. ER  - 
The Effect of Naloxone on the Duration of Hospitalization Caused by Tramadol Poisoning: A Retrospective Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Background: This study examined the effect of naloxone on the duration of hospitalization caused by tramadol poisoning. Methods: The studied population included all patients with tramadol drug poisoning admitted to Kowsar Karaj Hospital in 2022. The sample size was 100 people. The research data were collected with the help of a questionnaire made by the researcher to collect demographic information and hospitalization information of the patients and were analyzed and studied statistically. Findings: The average age of patients was 26.84 ± 6.801 years. 50% of the cases admitted to the study with suicidal intent were poisoned by tramadol. The average dose of naloxone prescribed for the patients was 0.552 ± 0.3855 mg. In the examination of the clinical manifestations of the patients, among the hospitalized patients, 8% were admitted with symptoms of seizures and 9% with symptoms of respiratory depression. The average duration of hospitalization of patients was 36.31 ± 16.991 hours. There was a significant relationship between the occurrence of respiratory depression and the dose of naloxone, and with the increase of the injection dose, the probability of occurrence of depression decreased. (P = 0.001). Concerning the length of hospitalization variable, the results showed that despite the significant difference in the dose of naloxone, higher doses required. They had a longer hospital stay (P = 0.001). Conclusion: The duration of hospital stays, as well as the respiratory depression caused by tramadol poisoning, can be effectively minimized by using naloxone. Most of the poisonings were done in young people to commit suicide. It seems that it is necessary to inform them about the use of tramadol. ER  - 
REAL-WORLD USE OF SOLRIAMFETOL FOR EXCESSIVE DAYTIME SLEEPINESS IN PATIENTS REPORTING ANXIETY OR DEPRESSION$$$ Introduction: Psychiatric comorbidities are common in patients with excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) from narcolepsy or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Real-world efficacy and safety data of wake promoting agents in these populations is limited. Solriamfetol (SunosiR), a dopamine/norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor that activates TAAR1 and 5HT1A receptors, is approved to treat EDS associated with narcolepsy or OSA. Solriamfetol clinical trials excluded and the prescribing information caution against use in patients with severe psychiatric comorbidities, so limited data exists for this population. Here we describe real world use of solriamfetol in German patients with narcolepsy or OSA who self-reported depression/anxiety (yes/no response) at baseline. Methods: We performed a retrospective chart review (SURWEY) using data from German physicians who prescribed solriamfetol to patients with EDS associated with narcolepsy or OSA and at a stable dose for ≥6 weeks. Comorbidities, including anxiety/ depression, were documented with background information at baseline. Results: Of the 154 patients, n=48 (31.2%) reported anxiety and/or depression (OSA, n=23/83 [27.7%], narcolepsy, n=25/71 [35.2%]). Most patients (≥85%) reported no additional psychiatric, neurological, or sleep disorder. Regardless of primary etiology, baseline mean±aSD Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) scores were generally similar in patients with (OSA, 16.0±a2.8; narcolepsy, 17.9±a3.6) and without (OSA, 16.0±a3.3; narcolepsy, 17.5±a2.9) anxiety/depression. Overall, mean±aSD decreases in ESS scores were 4.6±a3.2 and 5.2±a3.6 with and without anxiety/depression, respectively; and similar in OSA (5.2±a3.1 vs 5.5±a3.9), narcolepsy (3.9±a3.2 vs 4.9±a3.3). Ninety percent of patients achieved ≥2-point reduction in ESS scores from baseline and patients (≥89%) and physicians (≥91%) reported improvement in EDS with solriamfetol, which were both similar across primary etiologies and anxiety/ depression presence. Anxiety/depression data was not collected at follow-up. Common adverse events were headache, insomnia, and decreased appetite, which generally occurred at similar rates regardless of reported anxiety/depression. Conclusion: These real-world data describe solriamfetol treatment outcomes in narcolepsy or OSA patients who did and did not self-report anxiety/depression. Regardless of anxiety/depression, ESS scores improved, and most patients and physicians reported improved EDS. Our findings are consistent with clinical trial results and suggest that solriamfetol is effective in managing EDS symptoms in this population regardless of common psychiatric comorbidities. ER  - 
VALPROIC ACID AND CENTRAL SLEEP APNEA: A RETROSPECTIVE STUDY$$$ Introduction: Central sleep apnea (CSA) is associated with several medical conditions (e.g., heart failure, atrial fibrillation) and medications (e.g., opioids, ticagrelor, sodium oxybate and valproic acid). We report a case of a 31-year-old female with bipolar disorder treated with valproic acid diagnosed with central sleep apnea on polysomnography, which revealed an apnea-hypopnea index of 150/hour, central apnea index of 112/ hour, nadir oxygen saturation of 78%, and 38.6 minutes with oxygen saturation ≤ 88%. Echocardiogram, electrocardiogram, brain magnetic resonance imaging, serum acylcarnitine and serum ammonia levels were unremarkable. Total and free serum valproic acid level was 33 and < 3 mcg/mL, respectively. Two cases of central sleep apnea associated with valproic acid use, both of which improved upon discontinuation of valproic acid, have been reported in the literature. We started the patient on positive airway pressure and suggested she taper off valproic acid and then repeat polysomnography. Given the possible association between central sleep apnea and valproic acid use, we retrospectively analyzed patients receiving valproic acid at time of polysomnography. Methods: We retrospectively identified patients between 2005- 2017 who were prescribed valproic acid (n=6,169), and of these 72 received valproic acid within 90 days of polysomnography. After chart review, we were able to confirm that 29 received valproic acid at time of polysomnography via blood levels or clear chart documentation. Results: Four patients (13.8 %) demonstrated a central apnea index ≥ 5 per hour (mean apnea-hypopnea index 39.2/hour +/- 32.2/ hour including a central apnea index 11.7 +/- 6.6/ hour) during polysomnography. Although one patient (3.4 %), a 2-year-old child with Dravet syndrome and refractory/drug resistant generalized epilepsy, was diagnosed clinically with central sleep apnea, the other three patients were diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea and had other potential reason(s) for the elevated central apnea index (e.g., opioid use as needed for migraines). Conclusion: Our case describes a third report of central sleep apnea possibly associated with valproic acid, and our retrospective study indicates that this association is rare. Prospective sleep studies on patients before and after receiving valproic acid are warranted to determine if valproic acid causes central sleep apnea. ER  - 
REAL-WORLD USE OF SOLRIAMFETOL FOR EXCESSIVE DAYTIME SLEEPINESS IN PATIENTS REPORTING ANXIETY OR DEPRESSION$$$ Introduction: Psychiatric comorbidities are common in patients with excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) from narcolepsy or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Real-world efficacy and safety data of wake promoting agents in these populations is limited. Solriamfetol (Sunosi®), a dopamine/norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor that activates TAAR1 and 5HT1A receptors, is approved to treat EDS associated with narcolepsy or OSA. Solriamfetol clinical trials excluded and the prescribing information caution against use in patients with severe psychiatric comorbidities, so limited data exists for this population. Here we describe real world use of solriamfetol in German patients with narcolepsy or OSA who self-reported depression/anxiety (yes/no response) at baseline. Methods: We performed a retrospective chart review (SURWEY) using data from German physicians who prescribed solriamfetol to patients with EDS associated with narcolepsy or OSA and at a stable dose for ≥6 weeks. Comorbidities, including anxiety/ depression, were documented with background information at baseline. Results: Of the 154 patients, n=48 (31.2%) reported anxiety and/or depression (OSA, n=23/83 [27.7%], narcolepsy, n=25/71 [35.2%]). Most patients (≥85%) reported no additional psychiatric, neurological, or sleep disorder. Regardless of primary etiology, baseline mean±SD Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) scores were generally similar in patients with (OSA, 16.0±2.8; narcolepsy, 17.9±3.6) and without (OSA, 16.0±3.3; narcolepsy, 17.5±2.9) anxiety/depression. Overall, mean±SD decreases in ESS scores were 4.6±3.2 and 5.2±3.6 with and without anxiety/depression, respectively; and similar in OSA (5.2±3.1 vs 5.5±3.9), narcolepsy (3.9±3.2 vs 4.9±3.3). Ninety percent of patients achieved ≥2-point reduction in ESS scores from baseline and patients (≥89%) and physicians (≥91%) reported improvement in EDS with solriamfetol, which were both similar across primary etiologies and anxiety/ depression presence. Anxiety/depression data was not collected at follow-up. Common adverse events were headache, insomnia, and decreased appetite, which generally occurred at similar rates regardless of reported anxiety/depression. Conclusion: These real-world data describe solriamfetol treatment outcomes in narcolepsy or OSA patients who did and did not self-report anxiety/depression. Regardless of anxiety/depression, ESS scores improved, and most patients and physicians reported improved EDS. Our findings are consistent with clinical trial results and suggest that solriamfetol is effective in managing EDS symptoms in this population regardless of common psychiatric comorbidities. ER  - 
VALPROIC ACID AND CENTRAL SLEEP APNEA: A RETROSPECTIVE STUDY$$$ Introduction: Central sleep apnea (CSA) is associated with several medical conditions (e.g., heart failure, atrial fibrillation) and medications (e.g., opioids, ticagrelor, sodium oxybate and valproic acid). We report a case of a 31-year-old female with bipolar disorder treated with valproic acid diagnosed with central sleep apnea on polysomnography, which revealed an apnea-hypopnea index of 150/hour, central apnea index of 112/ hour, nadir oxygen saturation of 78%, and 38.6 minutes with oxygen saturation ≤ 88%. Echocardiogram, electrocardiogram, brain magnetic resonance imaging, serum acylcarnitine and serum ammonia levels were unremarkable. Total and free serum valproic acid level was 33 and < 3 mcg/mL, respectively. Two cases of central sleep apnea associated with valproic acid use, both of which improved upon discontinuation of valproic acid, have been reported in the literature. We started the patient on positive airway pressure and suggested she taper off valproic acid and then repeat polysomnography. Given the possible association between central sleep apnea and valproic acid use, we retrospectively analyzed patients receiving valproic acid at time of polysomnography. Methods: We retrospectively identified patients between 2005- 2017 who were prescribed valproic acid (n=6,169), and of these 72 received valproic acid within 90 days of polysomnography. After chart review, we were able to confirm that 29 received valproic acid at time of polysomnography via blood levels or clear chart documentation. Results: Four patients (13.8 %) demonstrated a central apnea index ≥ 5 per hour (mean apnea-hypopnea index 39.2/hour +/- 32.2/ hour including a central apnea index 11.7 +/- 6.6/ hour) during polysomnography. Although one patient (3.4 %), a 2-year-old child with Dravet syndrome and refractory/drug resistant generalized epilepsy, was diagnosed clinically with central sleep apnea, the other three patients were diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea and had other potential reason(s) for the elevated central apnea index (e.g., opioid use as needed for migraines). Conclusion: Our case describes a third report of central sleep apnea possibly associated with valproic acid, and our retrospective study indicates that this association is rare. Prospective sleep studies on patients before and after receiving valproic acid are warranted to determine if valproic acid causes central sleep apnea. ER  - 
Trends in Donor Cause of Death for Lung Transplants: An Expanded Analysis$$$ Rationale: Few studies have outlined the trends in cause of death (CoD) for lung transplant (LTx) donors. This study aims to analyze all available data from the Organ Procurement and Transplant Network (OPTN) to identify trends in donor CoD.Methods: This retrospective study analyzed de-identified OPTN LTx patient data from 1987 to 2023. A total of 50036 donors were included in the study. Donor age ranged from <1 year old to 77 years old. We stratified the data across 5 time periods: 1987-1989, 1990- 1999, 2000-2009, 2010-2019, 2020-2023. Within each period, donors were classified by mechanism of death (MOD) and circumstance of death. Gunshot/Stab Wound related deaths prior to 1990 were reported as “Gunshot/Stab Wound (Pre- OTIS).”Results: The average age of donors has risen from 28.90 years in 1990-1999 to 35.75 in 2020-2023. Among circumstances of death, natural causes and motor vehicle accidents contributed to the largest CoD for lung donors. Among MOD, intracranial hemorrhage/stroke accounted for the greatest portion of deaths for lung donors overall (31.96%). Blunt Injuries accounted for 24.22% of lung donor CoD. Blunt Injuries have shown a decreasing trend since 2000-2009. From 1990 to 2023, Drug Intoxication had the largest increase in cause of mortality (0.76% in 1990-1999 compared to 19.36% in 2020-2023). Cardiovascular (CV) causes of mortality also rose by 712% from 1990-1999 to 2020-2023. Deaths due to seizures increased from 0.50% in 1990-1999 to 1.41% in 2020-2023. Death from Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) has not been recorded as a MOD since 2010. Electrical CoD had the greatest decrease in reason for mortality with a 75.77% decrease from 1990-1999 to 2020-2023. Gunshot wounds (GSW) continue to be the largest cause of suicide and homicide amongst lung donors, while drug intoxication/overdose has drastically increased over time. Suicides related to asphyxiation or strangling have also increased. From 1987-1989 to 2020-2023, the portion of deaths with a “None of the above” cause have decreased from 46.21% to 1.31%. Conclusions: In the US lung donor population, intracranial hemorrhage or stroke continues to be the largest cause of donor death. Drug intoxications have seen a significant rise since 1990 until the current period, representing the second greatest CoD for lung donors. More data should be explored to understand the survival implications of these trends for recipients. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Comparing Length of Stay Between Adult Patients Admitted to the Intensive Care Unit With Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome Treated With Phenobarbital Versus Lorazepam$$$ Rationale: Alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS) is a common reason for hospital and intensive care unit admissions. Standard of care for treatment of AWS includes use of benzodiazepines (e.g. lorazepam). However, due to the high incidence of AWS in hospitalized patients, and therefore burden on hospital systems, there is interest in identifying more effective treatments. Phenobarbital, a barbiturate, is a safe alternative to benzodiazepines for AWS that has several benefits including its mechanism of action and pharmacokinetics. Methods: We queried the medical record system to review admission data for patients admitted to the ICU for AWS during a 34-month period to determine if there was a difference in length of stay (LOS) between patients who received benzodiazepines versus those who received phenobarbital. Patients were included if they were admitted to the ICU, with a diagnosis of alcohol use disorder, on clinical institute of alcohol withdrawal (CIWA) scoring, who did not have a diagnosis of epilepsy. Simple regression analysis was used to determine associations between LOS and phenobarbital amount, lorazepam amount, and complications (mechanical ventilation). Results: 204 patients were included in the study. 112 patients (52.90%) received phenobarbital and had a mean hospital LOS of 11.82 days (median 8.34 days, SD 9.73) and a mean ICU LOS of 6.91 days, with an average dose of phenobarbital of 11.77 mg/kg. All the patients who received phenobarbital also received lorazepam (average amount 151.08 mg). 87 patients (42.65%) received only lorazepam and had a mean hospital LOS of 10.14 days (median 6.05 days, standard deviation 15.18), mean ICU LOS of 3.39 days, with an average amount of lorazepam of 53.95 mg. There was no significant difference between LOS for patients who received phenobarbital and those who received only lorazepam (p = 0.37). Conclusions: There was no significant difference in LOS between patients who received lorazepam versus those who received phenobarbital for AWS. Additionally, all the patients who were treated with phenobarbital were also treated with lorazepam which increases the risk of respiratory depression (a side effect of both medications). This finding presented an opportunity to develop an initiative to standardize care by establishing a consistent protocol for phenobarbital use in the ICU. We identified severity of withdrawal as a confounder: often patients with the highest CIWA scores received both phenobarbital and lorazepam; suggesting that phenobarbital is safe, but protocols informing its use would improve patient safety and potentially LOS. ER  - 
A Retrospective Analysis of Unplanned Extubations in the Intensive Care Units at University Hospital$$$ Rationale: Prevalence of unplanned extubations (UE) in the ICU setting has been reported to be from 3% to 16% of intubated patients. Several risk factors for UE events have been reported in the literature, including male gender, lower sedation on the Richmond Agitation-Sedation Scale (RASS), and use of physical restraints. However, the literature is limited regarding certain risk factors, notably race and substance use disorder as a comorbidity, both of which may play a role in UE events in an urban American patient population. This study aims to expand on the current literature by searching for risk factors unique to an urban population such as Newark, New Jersey. Methods: We conducted a retrospective descriptive study of adult patients who experienced UE in the ICUs of University Hospital in Newark, NJ between January 2022 and July 2023. Data regarding patient demographics, reason for intubation, patient factors (comorbidities, RASS, history of prior UE, sedatives), environmental factors (use of restraints, time of UE, length of stay) were collected from the electronic medical record system. Descriptive statistics were expressed in percentages and presented with graphs. Results: A total of 110 patients were included in the study. The median age was 53.5 (range 20-91). 53.2% (n=58) were Black, and 22.7% (n=25) was of Hispanic ethnicity. Similarly to other studies, male sex (67%, n=73) and use of restraints (77%, n=85) were frequently associated with UE. Among the 74 patients who were admitted with a medical diagnosis, 32.4% (n=24) had a primary neurological pathology, notably seizures (n=17). Distinctly, 24.3% (n=18) were admitted after a drug overdose, and substance use disorder was the most common comorbidity (39.1%, n=43). Most UE occurred between 8 am to 12 pm (27%, n=30) and the median documented RASS was -1. Conclusions: This preliminary study demonstrates that between January 2022 and July 2023, drug overdose and seizure disorders were the most prominent causes of ICU admission among patients who underwent UE in Newark, NJ. Most UEs also occurred in Black patients, although further studies that compare these findings to the larger ICU population are necessary to elucidate whether these are true risk factors. Documented RASS was also lower than expected at -1. Otherwise, our population seems to demonstrate risk factors in line with the current literature, including male gender, use of restraints, and admission to the Medical ICU. ER  - 
A Broken Brain$$$ Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDA-R) encephalitis is a form of autoimmune encephalitis that is under recognized due to the variability in presenting symptoms. The prominent neuropsychiatric features often lead to a diagnosis of psychiatric illness, resulting in delayed treatment. We present the case of a 23-year-old woman with no medical or psychiatric history who developed acute onset psychosis with rapid neurological decline secondary to anti-NMDA-R encephalitis. Initially, she presented to a community hospital following a motor vehicle accident. At the accident site, she was noted to have nonsensical ramblings regarding religious ideologies, disorganized behaviors and thought blocking. With negative trauma work-up, she was admitted to the behavioral unit with suspected diagnosis of schizophrenia despite no prior history of psychosis. Her symptoms progressed to catatonia followed soon after by focal motor convulsions suggestive of seizure. Given the presence of a cold sore, there was concern for herpes encephalitis and she was started on acyclovir. She was transferred to a tertiary center for ICU level of care and continuous EEG. Extensive work-up including MRI brain and spine, urine toxicology and electrolyte panel were unremarkable. Following neurology consultation, lumbar puncture was performed to rule out infectious and autoimmune etiology. Her cerebral spinal fluid was significant for pleocytosis but negative for bacterial or viral infection. The autoimmune panel returned with NMDA R1 > 1:160 titer and she was started on plasmapheresis. Transvaginal ultrasound was performed and was negative for ovarian pathology. Unfortunately, she continued to neurologically decline; therefore, treatment with IVIG and prednisone were started. She underwent repeat lumbar puncture and was noted to have elevated opening pressure of 32 cm of water and subsequently started on topiramate. Unfortunately, her hospital course was complicated by aspiration requiring intubation, eventually requiring tracheostomy. Despite aggressive treatment, she showed no neurological recovery. Rituximab was considered; however, the patient was accepted for a clinical study at a large tertiary center. Unique to this case is the acute onset psychosis and rapid neurological decline over the span of a couple of weeks due to anti-NMDA-R encephalitis. Despite aggressive therapies, she showed no neurological improvement and was enrolled in a clinical trial involving the use of inebilizumab in addition to receiving more rounds of plasmapharesis and IVIG. She is now decannulated but continues to have catatonia. Early diagnosis for autoimmune encephalitis should always be considered in young females who present with psychosis and neurological symptoms with no prior history of mental disorders. ER  - 
Beyond Maternal Health: Examining the Effect of Birth Complications on Unmarried Fathers' Postpartum Well-Being$$$ INTRODUCTION: Birth complications (BCs) are known risk factors for maternal postpartum depression, but their effect on paternal postpartum depression (PPD), especially among unmarried fathers, remains understudied. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, we analyzed data from The Future of Families and Child Wellbeing longitudinal birth cohort, focusing on unmarried fathers who were present at their child's birth (n=1,484). Paternal PPD was assessed using a 12-item CES-D scale, dichotomized into depression present versus absent. Maternal medical records identified seven conditions constituting BC, including excessive bleeding, placental abruption, placenta previa, emergency csection, seizure during delivery, cord prolapse, or fetal distress. Logistic regression models were estimated, adjusting for parents' demographics, self-reported health status, cohabitation, poverty, substance use, relationship quality, and prior fatherhood experience. RESULTS: Postpartum depression affected 132 fathers (9%), while BC occurred in 602 mothers (41%). In the unadjusted model, BC was associated with 42% increased odds of paternal PPD compared to uncomplicated births (95% CI, 1.00-2.04). In multivariable analysis, BC was significantly linked to paternal PPD (aOR 1.46; 95% CI, 1.00-2.12). Fathers in great/very good health had 37% lower paternal PPD odds than those in good/fair/poor health (95% CI, 0.43-0.96), while interparental conflict was linked to higher paternal PPD odds (aOR 2.38; 95% CI, 1.61-3.52). CONCLUSION: Our study found birth complications to be associated with increased odds of paternal postpartum depression. Further research is needed to explore how maternal birth experiences affect paternal well-being, particularly among unmarried fathers, and identify novel ways to incorporate fathers into perinatal support systems and interventions. ER  - 
Long-term health outcomes in non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease patients with cognitive impairment or dementia$$$ Background and Aims: A decline in cognitive function, with a spectrum ranging from mild cognitive impairment to dementia (CI-D), is common in patients with chronic kidney diseases (CKD), rendering them frailer. Whether the coexistence of CKD and CI-D increases the health risk profile remains unclear. Our work aims to clarify how this association increases adverse outcomes for CKD patients (stages 3-5). Method: This retrospective observational cohort study was conducted on CKD patients (stages 3-5) from the Global Collaborative Network (GCN) of the TriNetX research platform between 2004 and 2024. TriNetX provides access to anonymized electronic medical records from over half a million CKD patients in large healthcare organizations (HCOs) across the world. Our report includes patients from 110 HCOs with different demographic backgrounds. The study compared outcomes of patients with CKD stages 3-5, aged 18-70 years, with and without pre-existent CI-D (diagnosed within 5 years). The two cohorts were propensity score-matched (PSM) for age, sex, ethnicity, comorbidities (neurological, haematological, musculoskeletal, respiratory including smoking history, oncological, cardiovascular, gastroenterological and endocrine conditions) and CKD stage. The proportional hazard assumption was tested using the generalized Schoenfeld approach built in the TriNetX platform. A 95% confidence interval (95% CI) was considered evidence of statistical significance throughout the analyses. Kaplan- Meier (KM) was used for survival probability. Statistical significance was defined as p-value < 0.05. Outcome events were included from 1 day after the index event (CKD diagnosis) until 3650 days after. Results: Of the total of 503,298 CKD patients, 7,891 had a co-existent diagnosis of CI-D made within 5 years (prevalence rate 1.56%). A PSM generated a matched cohort of 7,890 patients each. The mean age of the cohort was 60.7 ± 7.0 years, with a predominance of white ethnicity (53.7%) and an equal male-to-female ratio. Standardized difference (Std diff) was used to evaluate the balance of baseline characteristics in the PSM populations. Generally, Std diff < 0.1 is considered a small difference and all comorbidities fell below this threshold after PSM (Table 1 ). The comparison of the outcomes at follow-up between the matched cohorts is illustrated in Table 2 . CKD patients with concomitant CI-D had higher all-cause mortality (18.4% vs 12.1%, p < 0.0001), a higher risk of cerebrovascular disease (10.8% vs 7.8%), malnutrition (6.7% vs 4.3%), mood disorders (13.7% vs 8.9%), anxiety (13.2% vs 10.9%), encephalopathy (9.6% vs 4.5%), epilepsy (4.3% vs 1.3%). All findings were statistically significant with a p < 0.0001. Proportional hazard models showed that CI-D was a strong risk factor associated with all-cause mortality (HR: 1.761; 95% CI (1.621- 1.913, p < 0.0001)) and other cerebrovascular and mental health illnesses. Conclusion: Our real-world data demonstrate that a concomitant CI-D diagnosis is a strong risk factor for negative health outcomes and mortality in patients with CKD stages 3-5. These results highlight the need for routine cognitive assessments in patients with advanced CKD to deliver personalised care. ER  - 
The relationship between clinical presentation and the nature of care in adults with intellectual disability and epilepsy - National comparative cohort study$$$ Background A quarter of People with Intellectual Disabilities (PwID) have epilepsy compared with 1% of the general population. Epilepsy in PwID is a bellwether for premature mortality, multimorbidity and polypharmacy. This group depends on their care provider to give relevant information for management, especially epilepsy. There is no research on care status relationship and clinical characteristics of PwID and epilepsy. Aim Explore and compare the clinical characteristics of PwID with epilepsy across different care settings. Method A retrospective multicentre cohort study across England and Wales collected information on seizure characteristics, intellectual disability severity, neurodevelopmental/biological/psychiatric comorbidities, medication including psychotropics/anti-seizure medication, and care status. Clinical characteristics were compared across different care settings, and those aged over and younger than 40 years. Results Of 618 adult PwID across six centres (male:female = 61%:39%), 338 (55%) received professional care whereas 258 (42%) lived with family. Significant differences between the care groups existed in intellectual disability severity (P = 0.01), autism presence (P < 0.001), challenging behaviour (P < 0.001) and comorbid physical conditions (P = 0.008). The two groups did not vary in intellectual disability severity/genetic conditions/seizure type and frequency/psychiatric disorders. The professional care cohort experienced increased polypharmacy (P < 0.001) and antipsychotic/psychotropic use (P < 0.001/P = 0.008). The over-40s cohort had lower autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) comorbidity (P < 0.001/P = 0.007), increased psychiatric comorbidity and challenging behaviour (P < 0.05), physical multimorbidity (P < 0.001), polypharmacy (P < 0.001) and antipsychotic use (P < 0.001) but reduced numbers of seizures (P = 0.007). Conclusion PwID and epilepsy over 40 years in professional care have more complex clinical characteristics, increased polypharmacy and antipsychotic prescribing but fewer seizures. ER  - 
Analysis of surgical efficacy and prognostic factors in temporal lobe epilepsy patients with hippocampal sclerosis and temporal lobe neocortical lesions$$$ Objective To explore the surgical efficacy and prognostic factors in temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) patients with hippocampal sclerosis combined with temporal lobe neocortical lesions. Methods The clinical data of 62 TLE patients who underwent anterior temporal lobe resection for hippocampal sclerosis combined with temporal lobe neocortical lesions at the Department of Neurosurgery, Xiangya Hospital, Central South University from January 2014 to April 2018 were retrospectively collected. Patients were followed up 3 months after surgery and every year by outpatient or telephone interviews. The surgical efficacy was graded according to the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) epilepsy surgery outcome standards and divided into a favored outcome group (favored group) and an unfavored outcome group (unfavored group). Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to evaluate factors that may affect the surgical efficacy. Variables with P<0.05 in the univariate analysis were included in multivariate analysis to determine the risk factors for unfavored postoperative outcome. According to the postoperative pathology type, the patients were divided into focal cortical dysplasia (FCD) IIIa (hippocampal sclerosis combined with temporal lobe neocortex FCD type ) group and dual pathology (hippocampal sclerosis combined with other pathological lesions) group. The differences in clinical characteristics and surgical efficacy of patients with different pathology types were analyzed. Results Postoperative pathology confirmed that 43 patients (69.35%) had FCD type IIIa; 19 patients (30.65%) had dual pathology. The operations of 62 patients were successfully completed, and 6 patients (9.68%) experienced postoperative complications, including 1 case of intracranial hemorrhage, 1 case of subarachnoid hemorrhage, 1 case of intracranial infection, 1 case of mild hemiplegia, 1 case of mania, and 1 case of persistent mild aphasia. At 3 months post surgery, 50 patients (80.65%) had no seizures or had aura of epilepsy; 12 patients (19.35%) still had epileptic seizures after surgery. All 62 patients received clinical follow-up, and the follow-up time was 3.37±0.94 years. By the last follow-up, 49 patients (79.00%) had no epileptic seizures after surgery, including 46 patients with ILAE grade 1 outcome and 3 patients with grade 2 outcome; 13 patients still had epileptic seizures after surgery, including 3 cases of ILAE grade 3, 6 cases of grade 4, 3 cases of grade 5, and 1 case of grade 6. The results of univariate analysis showed that the differences in age at surgery, side of the lesion, and interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs) between the postoperative favored outcome group and unfavored outcome group were statistically significant (all P<0.05); while there were no statistically significant differences in gender, disease course or age of onset (all P>0.05). Multivariate analysis results showed that existence of bilateral IEDs was a risk factor for unfavored postoperative outcome (OR=8.57, 95%CI: 1.62-45.40, P=0.012). Compared with the dual pathology group, the patients in the FCD IIIa group were older at surgery and had a longer course of disease, and the differences were statistically significant (both P<0.05). However, there was no statistically significant difference in the postoperative efficacy between the two groups (P>0.05). Conclusions Surgical resection is an effective way to treat TLE patients with hippocampal sclerosis and temporal lobe neocortex lesions. Existence of bilateral IEDs is a risk factor for poor surgical efficacy. Although there are differences in clinical characteristics between patients with FCD type IIIa and dual pathology, the surgical outcomes are similar between the two groups. ER  - 
Cognitive correlates of psychopathology in Functional/Dissociative Seizures and non-lesional epilepsy: an exploratory study$$$ Objective: To explore the relationship between cognitive functioning and psychopathological features in Functional/Dissociative Seizures (FDS), and test whether this differs from that observed in epilepsy. Methods: We recruited a cross-sectional sample of adults (age > 18) with a diagnosis of non-lesional epilepsy or FDS between January 2021 and July 2022. Participants completed a series of psychiatric questionnaires and neuropsychological measures. Spearman’s Correlation Coefficient was computed between each of the psychiatric and cognitive measures in each group. Fisher’s Z test of significance for independent correlation coefficients then tested the significance of the difference between correlation coefficients for the two groups. Results: There were no group differences in neuropsychological test scores. However, people with FDS reported higher seizure severity, depression levels, number of medically unexplained somatic symptoms, and exposure to traumatic events compared to epilepsy. Results of the Fisher’s Z-test revealed significant differences in correlation coefficients between groups in two instances. First, in the association between the number of traumatic experiences and cognitive switching (z = 2.77, p = 0.006); the number of traumatic experiences were positively associated with cognitive switching in epilepsy but showed a non-significant negative trend in FDS. Secondly, in the association between vocabulary abilities and the number of medically unexplained symptoms (z = -2.71; p = 0.007); higher vocabulary ability was associated with fewer somatic symptoms in epilepsy, while no such correlation was observed in FDS. Significance: This study provides preliminary evidence for the complex interplay between cognitive functioning and psychopathology in FDS and epilepsy. Neurocognitive functioning such as vocabulary abilities or attentional switching may play a role in the expression or maintenance of pathological features of FDS. ER  - 
Sociodemographic and clinical risk factors for suicidal ideation and suicide attempt in functional/dissociative seizures and epilepsy: a large cohort study$$$ BACKGROUND: People with functional/dissociative seizures (FDS) are at elevated suicidality risk. OBJECTIVE: To identify risk factors for suicidality in FDS or epilepsy. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study from the UK's largest tertiary mental healthcare provider, with linked national admission data from the Hospital Episode Statistics. Participants were 2383 people with a primary or secondary diagnosis of FDS or epilepsy attending between 01 January 2007 and 18 June 2021. Outcomes were a first report of suicidal ideation and a first hospital admission for suicide attempt (International Classification of Diseases, version 10: X60-X84). Demographic and clinical risk factors were assessed using multivariable bias-reduced binomial-response generalised linear models. FINDINGS: In both groups, ethnic minorities had significantly reduced odds of hospitalisation following suicide attempt (OR: 0.45-0.49). Disorder-specific risk factors were gender, age and comorbidity profile. In FDS, both genders had similar suicidality risk; younger age was a risk factor for both outcomes (OR: 0.16-1.91). A diagnosis of depression or personality disorders was associated with higher odds of suicidal ideation (OR: 1.91-3.01). In epilepsy, females had higher odds of suicide attempt-related hospitalisation (OR: 1.64). Age had a quadratic association with both outcomes (OR: 0.88-1.06). A substance abuse disorder was associated with higher suicidal ideation (OR: 2.67). Developmental disorders lowered the risk (OR: 0.16-0.24). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study systematically reporting risk factors for suicidality in people with FDS. Results for the large epilepsy cohort complement previous studies and will be useful in future meta-analyses. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Risk factors identified will help identify higher-risk groups in clinical settings. ER  - 
Post-trial access to implantable neural devices: an exploratory international survey$$$ Objectives Clinical trials of innovative neural implants are rapidly increasing and diversifying, but little is known about participants' post-trial access to the device and ongoing clinical care. This exploratory study examines common practices in the planning and coordination of post-trial access to neurosurgical devices. We also explore the perspectives of trial investigators on the barriers to post-trial access and ongoing care, as well as ethical questions related to the responsibilities of key stakeholder groups. Design, setting, and participants Trial investigators (n=66) completed a survey on post-trial access in the most recent investigational trial of a surgically implanted neural device they had conducted. Survey respondents predominantly specialized in neurosurgery, neurology and psychiatry, with a mean of 14.8 years of experience working with implantable neural devices. Main outcome measures Outcomes of interest included rates of device explantation during or at the conclusion of the trial (pre-follow-up) and whether plans for post-trial access were described in the study protocol. Outcomes also included investigators' greatest 'barrier' and 'facilitator' to providing research participants with post-trial access to functional implants and perspectives on current arrangements for the sharing of post-trial responsibilities among key stakeholders. Results Trial investigators reported either 'all' (64%) or 'most' (33%) trial participants had remained implanted after the end of the trial, with 'infection' and 'non-response' the most common reasons for explantation. When asked to describe the main barriers to facilitating post-trial access, investigators described limited funding, scarcity of expertise and specialist clinical infrastructure and difficulties maintaining stakeholder relationships. Notwithstanding these barriers, investigators overwhelmingly (95%) agreed there is an ethical obligation to provide post-trial access when participants individually benefit during the trial. Conclusions On occasions when devices were explanted during or at the end of the trial, this was done out of concern for the safety and well-being of participants. Further research into common practices in the post-trial phase is needed and essential to ethical and pragmatic discussions regarding stakeholder responsibilities. ER  - 
Trajectories of Inflammatory Markers and Post-COVID-19 Cognitive Symptoms: A Secondary Analysis of the CONTAIN COVID-19 Randomized Trial$$$ Background and ObjectivesChronic systemic inflammation has been hypothesized to be a mechanistic factor leading to post-acute cognitive dysfunction after COVID-19. However, little data exist evaluating longitudinal inflammatory markers.MethodsWe conducted a secondary analysis of data collected from the CONTAIN randomized trial of convalescent plasma in patients hospitalized for COVID-19, including patients who completed an 18-month assessment of cognitive symptoms and PROMIS Global Health questionnaires. Patients with pre-COVID-19 dementia/cognitive abnormalities were excluded. Trajectories of serum cytokine panels, D-dimer, fibrinogen, C-reactive peptide (CRP), ferritin, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and absolute neutrophil counts (ANCs) were evaluated over 18 months using repeated measures and Friedman nonparametric tests. The relationships between the area under the curve (AUC) for each inflammatory marker and 18-month cognitive and global health outcomes were assessed.ResultsA total of 279 patients (N = 140 received plasma, N = 139 received placebo) were included. At 18 months, 76/279 (27%) reported cognitive abnormalities and 78/279 (28%) reported fair or poor overall health. PROMIS Global Mental and Physical Health T-scores were 0.5 standard deviations below normal in 24% and 51% of patients, respectively. Inflammatory marker levels declined significantly from hospitalization to 18 months for all markers (IL-2, IL-2R, IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12, IL-13, INFγ, TNFα, D-dimer, fibrinogen, ferritin, LDH, CRP, neutrophils; all p < 0.05), with the exception of IL-1β, which remained stable over time. There were no significant associations between the AUC for any inflammatory marker and 18-month cognitive symptoms, any neurologic symptom, or PROMIS Global Physical or Mental health T-scores. Receipt of convalescent plasma was not associated with any outcome measure.DiscussionAt 18 months posthospitalization for COVID-19, cognitive abnormalities were reported in 27% of patients, and below average PROMIS Global Mental and Physical Health scores occurred in 24% and 51%, respectively. However, there were no associations with measured inflammatory markers, which decreased over time. ER  - 
Altered regional brain activity moderating the relationship between childhood trauma and depression severity$$$ Objective: Childhood trauma (CT) is a major environmental risk factor for an adverse course and treatment outcome of major depressive disorder (MDD). Evidence suggests that an altered regional brain activity may play a crucial role in the relationship between CT and MDD. This study aimed to clarify the relationship between CT, regional brain activity, and depression severity. Methods: In this study, 96 patients with MDD and 82 healthy controls (HCs) participated. Regional brain activity was measured using the fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (fALFF) and regional homogeneity (ReHo). These measures were compared between the MDD and HC groups, and the values of different brain regions were extracted as moderators. Results: Increased fALFF and ReHo values were observed in the left middle temporal gyrus in the MDD group compared with the HC group (p < 0.001). Furthermore, the fALFF and ReHo values moderated the positive correlation between the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ) score, 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) total score, and retardation factor score in the MDD group (all, p < 0.05). Finally, as the fALFF and ReHo values increased, the positive correlations between CTQ, HAMD-17 total, and retardation dimension scores became stronger. Conclusion: Our study highlighted the crucial role of altered brain function in connecting childhood maltreatment with depressive symptoms. Our findings indicate that an altered regional brain activity could explain the potential neurobiological mechanisms of MDD symptoms, offering the opportunity to function as a powerful diagnostic biomarker. ER  - 
Association between cardiometabolic index and depression: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2011–2014$$$ Background: Emerging evidence suggests a common pathophysiological basis for metabolic disorders and mental diseases. Despite the existence of reports suggesting a strong connection between dyslipidemia and depression, a comprehensive and reliable indicator to identify depression is still lacking. Cardiometabolic index (CMI) is an integrated index calculated from three vital metabolic indicators, including triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL[sbnd]C) and waist height ratio (WHtR). Objective: This study aims to explore the association between CMI and depression. Methods: Cross-sectional data of participants with complete information of CMI, depression, and other covariates were obtained from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Weighted student's t-test and Chi-square test were used to identify the differences between two groups. Weighted multivariate logistic regression model, restricted cubic spline (RCS) regression analysis, subgroup analysis and interaction tests were conducted to explore the association between CMI and depression. Receiver operating curve (ROC) analysis and area under the curve (AUC) were also utilized to evaluate the performance of CMI in identifying depression. Results: A positive correlation between CMI and depression was observed in 3794 participants included in the study, which was further confirmed to be non-linear via RCS regression analysis, with two significant inflection points being identified, including 0.9522 and 1.58. In the crude or adjusted models, individuals with a CMI level ≥ 0.9522 exhibited remarkably increased risk for developing depression. CMI got an AUC of 0.748 in identifying depression. Subgroup analyses and interaction tests indicate that the association between CMI and depression remained consistent across different subgroups and was not modified by other covariates except drinking. Those who are current drinkers and with a high CMI are more susceptible to suffer depression. Conclusions: An elevated CMI is linked to increased risk for depression. Addressing dyslipidemia and improving lipid levels may potentially lower the risk for depression. ER  - 
Disease characterization in cloned foals in Colombia, the effect of placental pathologies on the success and survival of cloned foals from two different cell lines$$$ Cloned foals born in the different cloning programs in the USA, Argentina, and recently in Colombia have experienced several pathological entities during their pregnancy and neonatal period. These entities include abortions, stillbirths, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, large umbilical remanent, and angular deformity on the fore limb. The objectives of this study were to determine whether cloned foals suffer similar diseases and have the same mortality rate as non-cloned ones and the differences between cloned foals from two different cell lines (fibroblastic and bone marrow cells) and, to establish whether mares carrying cloned foals from different cell lines have ultrasonographic, paraclinical, and hormonal profile parameters equal to traditional pregnancies and to determine whether there are differences between the cloned foals from the two different cell lines. In the analysis of the continuous variables, significant mean differences were established in the three groups of mares in PCV, hemoglobin, erythrocyte count, MCV, MCH, serum proteins and globulins, and in lymphocyte counts p<0.05. A risk analysis was made for morbidity and mortality associated with the cell origin of the clone and its pregnancy using chi-square sequential tests and logistic regression, and it was considered statistically significant at p< 0.05. A principal component analysis of the paraclinical findings of the mares with the outcome of the foal and the paraclinical parameters of the foals divided by the origin of gestation was performed to evaluate the components of the response variable and their dynamics. Thirty-four pregnancies of clones of fibroblastic origin, 26 of clones of bone marrow origin, and 32 of non-clones were studied. The presentation of placental diseases compatible with placentitis was significantly more frequent (p= 0.026) in mares with cloned foals from fibroblastic cell lines. Neonatal sepsis was determined to be the most frequent disease and was diagnosed more commonly in foals of fibroblastic cell origin—an increase in the risk (OR 37) (p=0.0006). The risk of death was positive and significant with the fibroblast cell line foals (OR: 9.1. P<0.01) compared to the cloned foals of marrow cell origin and non-cloned foals. The risk of death can be predicted in the neonatal period, and some indicators found in this study, such as signs related to placentitis, are associated with increased neonatal mortality and are more frequent in foals of fibroblastic cell origin. ER  - 
Sensory Processing Difficulties and Occupational Therapy Outcomes for Functional Neurological Disorder$$$ Background and Objectives Occupational therapy (OT) consensus recommendations and articles outlining a sensory-based OT intervention for functional neurological disorder (FND) have been published. However, limited research has been conducted to examine the efficacy of OT interventions for FND. We performed a retrospective cohort study aimed at independently replicating preliminarily characterized sensory processing difficulties in patients with FND and reporting on clinical outcomes of a sensory-based OT treatment in this population. We hypothesized that (1) a history of functional seizures, anxiety, and/or post-traumatic stress disorder would be associated with increased sensory processing difficulties and (2) the number of OT treatment sessions received would positively relate to clinical improvement. Methods Medical records were reviewed for 77 consecutive adults with FND who received outpatient, sensory-based OT care. Data from the Adolescent/Adult Sensory Profile characterized self-reported sensory processing patterns across 4 quadrants (low registration, sensory sensitivity, sensory seeking, and sensory avoidance) in this population. Following univariate screenings, multivariate linear regression analyses were performed to identify neuropsychiatric characteristics associated with discrete sensory processing patterns. Clinical improvement was quantified using an estimated, clinician-determined improvement rating (“improved” vs “not improved”), and relationships between clinical participation, baseline neuropsychiatric factors, and outcomes were investigated. Results Patients with FND reported sensory processing patterns with elevated scores in low registration, sensory sensitivity, and sensation avoidance compared with normative values; differences in sensory processing scores were not observed across FND subtypes (i.e., motor, seizure, and speech variants). In linear regression analyses, lifetime history of an anxiety disorder, history of migraine headaches, current cognitive complaints, and a comorbid major neurologic condition independently predicted individual differences in sensory processing scores. Following a sensory-based OT intervention, 62% of individuals with FND were clinician determined as “improved.” In a multivariate logistic regression analysis controlling for baseline characteristics associated with improvement ratings, number of treatment sessions positively correlated with clinical improvement. Discussion These findings support the presence of sensory processing difficulties in patients with FND and provide Class IV evidence for the efficacy of an outpatient, sensory-based OT intervention in this population. Controlled prospective trials are warranted. ER  - 
Phenibutan—an Illegal Food Supplement With Psychotropic Effects and Health Risks$$$ Background: Phenibut (β-phenyl-γ-aminobutyric acid) is an analog of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). Like abapentin and pregabalin, it inhibits α2-δ–subunits of voltage-dependent presynaptic calcium channels. The potential harm resulting from the use of these gabapentinoids is currently a matter of debate. Methods: This review is based on pertinent publications retrieved by a selective literature search and on cases reported to the Giftinformationszentrum-Nord (GIZ-Nord), a poison information center at the University of Göttingen, Germany. Results: Phenibut is a prescription drug in Russia but its production, possession, use, trafficking, or administration is illegal in Germany. The phenibut toxicity syndrome resembles that of gabapentinoids and GABA mimetics: benzodiazepine-like withdrawal symptoms including epileptic seizures, delirium and paradoxical activation have been described, as have cases of abuse and dependence. A few cases of use in the setting of multidrug abuse, and of phenibut-related death, have been described to date in the USA. The GIZ-Nord received 17 inquiries about phenibut, 55 about gabapentin, and 126 about pregabalin over the period 2008–2022. Over the same period, the GIZ-Nord was informed of 1207 cases involving Z substances and 4324 involving benzodiazepines. In the majority of the registered intoxications, including those with phenibut, the symptoms were mild. Overdoses of phenibut (2–100 g) were reported in 15 of the 17 cases; 8 of the persons who had taken an overdose were somnolent. In such cases, observation in intensive care was recommended. Respiratory depression or coma was not encountered in any case, not even in the patient who had taken 100 g of phenibut. Conclusion: Phenibut causes symptoms resembling those of gabapentinoid and benzodiazepine use. There have been reports of phenibut use in combination with other psychotropic drugs; in particular, its use together with opiates could increase the risk of coma and respiratory depression. No deaths due to phenibut intoxication have been published in Germany or elsewhere in Western Europe, although such cases may have been overlooked, as this drug is still largely unknown to Western medicine. ER  - 
Benzodiazepine Use during Pregnancy and Risk of Miscarriage$$$ Importance: Benzodiazepine use during pregnancy has raised significant concerns due to the potential harmful effects of this drug class on neonates. Studies on the association between benzodiazepine use and the risk of miscarriage are limited. Objective: To quantify the risk of miscarriage associated with benzodiazepine use during pregnancy after controlling for unmeasured confounders and exposure time trends. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a nationwide, population-based case-time-control study using Taiwan's National Birth Certificate Application database and the National Health Insurance database. Pregnancies resulting in miscarriage between 2004 and 2018 were included in the case group and were 1:1 matched with exposure time-trend control individuals using disease risk score, considering demographic characteristics and prepregnancy comorbidities. Data were analyzed from August 2022 to March 2023. Exposures: Discordant exposures to benzodiazepines during risk period (1-28 days before miscarriage) and 2 reference periods (31-58 days and 181-208 days before the last menstrual period) were compared for each pregnancy. Main Outcomes and Measures: Miscarriage was defined as any pregnancy loss occurring between the first prenatal care visit (usually 8 weeks) and the 19th completed week of pregnancy. Results: This study comprised a total of 3067122 pregnancies among 1957601 women, 136134 of which (4.4%) resulted in miscarriage. The mean (SD) age of the study population was 30.61 (5.91) years. The use of benzodiazepines during pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of miscarriage (odds ratio [OR], 1.69; 95% CI, 1.52-1.87), and consistent findings were observed across multiple sensitivity analyses considering different time windows and accounting for misclassification. In subgroup analyses, an increased risk of miscarriage was associated with each commonly used individual benzodiazepine, ranging from case-time-control ORs of 1.39 (95% CI, 1.17-1.66) for alprazolam to 2.52 (95% CI, 1.89-3.36) for fludiazepam. Conclusions and Relevance: This nationwide case-time-control study revealed an increased risk of miscarriage associated with benzodiazepine use during pregnancy after accounting for measurable confounders, and results were unlikely to be due to unmeasured confounding. These findings underscore the necessity for health care professionals to meticulously balance the risk-benefit ratio when considering the use of benzodiazepines to treat psychiatric and sleep disorders during pregnancy. ER  - 
Exposure to Sedation and Analgesia Medications: Short-term Cognitive Outcomes in Pediatric Critical Care Survivors With Acquired Brain Injury$$$ Background/Objective: Pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) survivors risk significant cognitive morbidity, particularly those with acquired brain injury (ABI) diagnoses. Studies show sedative and analgesic medication may potentiate neurologic injury, but few studies evaluate impact on survivor outcomes. This study aimed to evaluate whether exposures to analgesic and sedative medications are associated with worse neurocognitive outcome. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted of 91 patients aged 8 to 18 years, undergoing clinical neurocognitive evaluation approximately 1 to 3 months after PICU discharge. Electronic health data was queried for sedative and analgesic medication exposures, including opioids, benzodiazepines, propofol, ketamine, and dexmedetomidine. Doses were converted to class equivalents, evaluated by any exposure and cumulative dose exposure per patient weight. Cognitive outcome was derived from 8 objective cognitive assessments with an emphasis on executive function skills using Principal Components Analysis. Then, linear regression was used to control for baseline cognitive function estimates to calculate a standardized residualized neurocognitive index (rNCI) z-score. Multivariable linear regression evaluated the association between rNCI and medication exposure controlling for covariates. Significance was defined as P <.05. Results: Most (n = 80; 88%) patients received 1 or more study medications. Any exposure and higher cumulative doses of benzodiazepine and ketamine were significantly associated with worse rNCI in bivariate analyses. When controlling for Medicaid, preadmission comorbid conditions, length of stay, delirium, and receipt of other medication classes, receipt of benzodiazepine was associated with significantly worse rNCI (β-coefficient = −0.48, 95% confidence interval = −0.88, −0.08). Conclusions: Exposure to benzodiazepines was independently associated with worse acute phase cognitive outcome using objective assessments focused on executive function skills when controlling for demographic and illness characteristics. Clinician decisions regarding medication regimens in the PICU may serve as a modifiable factor to improve outcomes. Additional inquiry into associations with long-term cognitive outcome and optimal medication regimens is needed. ER  - 
On- and off-label utilisation of antipsychotics in Australia (2000–2021): Retrospective analysis of two medication datasets$$$ Objective: To determine antipsychotic utilisation patterns in Australian adults from 2005 to 2021, with a focus on on-label and off-label prescriptions. Methods: We examined antipsychotic dispensing trends in adults from 2005 to 2021 using a 10% sample of the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS) dataset, which contains patient-level information on medicines dispensed throughout Australia. The lack of diagnostic information in PBS was substituted by analysing BEACH (Bettering the Evaluation And Care of Health) dataset, a cross-sectional national survey from 2000 to 2016, consisting of data from general practitioner–patient encounters. Results: There were 5.6 million dispensings for 164,993 patients in PBS throughout this period; 69% patients had >1 dispensing, with a median of 6 per patient. Calculating the estimated period of exposure gave a total of 693,562 treatment episodes, with a median duration of 80 days. There were steady increases in both the incidence and prevalence of antipsychotic dispensings, mainly due to oral second-generation antipsychotics. The most commonly prescribed antipsychotics were quetiapine, olanzapine and risperidone, with a significant portion of patients receiving low-dose quetiapine without dose titration. Analysis of diagnostic indications from BEACH indicated that 27% of antipsychotic prescriptions were off-label for indications such as depression, dementia, anxiety and insomnia, at much lower prescribed daily dosages. Conclusion: The increasing prescribing and off-label use highlights concerns about chronic adverse effects caused by antipsychotics. The combined analysis of medication dispensings and the diagnostic indications for which they are prescribed is a novel approach and throws a spotlight on the need for additional monitoring of antipsychotics. ER  - 
Behavioral and transcriptional effects of repeated electroconvulsive seizures in the neonatal MK-801-treated rat model of schizophrenia$$$ Rationale: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment modality for schizophrenia. However, its antipsychotic-like mechanism remains unclear. Objectives: To gain insight into the antipsychotic-like actions of ECT, this study investigated how repeated treatments of electroconvulsive seizure (ECS), an animal model for ECT, affect the behavioral and transcriptomic profile of a neurodevelopmental animal model of schizophrenia. Methods: Two injections of MK-801 or saline were administered to rats on postnatal day 7 (PN7), and either repeated ECS treatments (E10X) or sham shock was conducted daily from PN50 to PN59. Ultimately, the rats were divided into vehicle/sham (V/S), MK-801/sham (M/S), vehicle/ECS (V/E), and MK-801/ECS (M/E) groups. On PN59, prepulse inhibition and locomotor activity were tested. Prefrontal cortex transcriptomes were analyzed with mRNA sequencing and network and pathway analyses, and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) analyses were subsequently conducted. Results: Prepulse inhibition deficit was induced by MK-801 and normalized by E10X. In M/S vs. M/E model, Egr1, Mmp9, and S100a6 were identified as center genes, and interleukin-17 (IL-17), nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB), and tumor necrosis factor (TNF) signaling pathways were identified as the three most relevant pathways. In the V/E vs. V/S model, mitophagy, NF-κB, and receptor for advanced glycation end products (RAGE) pathways were identified. qPCR analyses demonstrated that Igfbp6, Btf3, Cox6a2, and H2az1 were downregulated in M/S and upregulated in M/E. Conclusions: E10X reverses the behavioral changes induced by MK-801 and produces transcriptional changes in inflammatory, insulin, and mitophagy pathways, which provide mechanistic insight into the antipsychotic-like mechanism of ECT. ER  - 
The characteristics and risk factors of cerebrovascular events in young systemic lupus erythematosus patients: A case-control study$$$ Objectives: We clarified the characteristics and risk factors of CVEs in young SLE patients. Method: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of patients younger than 50 years of age diagnosed with SLE and first CVEs from 1995 to 2020 in a tertiary medical center in Taiwan. We collected data on the patient characteristics before the CVE and reviewed the laboratory data obtained during the period. At a ratio of 1:3, cases and controls were matched with sex, SLE diagnosis age, diagnosis year, and SLE duration. Results: We enrolled 43 CVE SLE patients and matched 129 non-CVE SLE controls. The median age at the time of the CVE was 39 years. Around 70% of young-aged CVE involved the cerebral lobes of frontal (∼30%), parietal (∼20%), occipital (∼10%), and temporal (∼10%). The peak incidence period for hemorrhagic CVE was within 1st year of SLE diagnosis (37%); in contrast, during the 2nd to 5th year of SLE diagnosis (25%) for ischemia CVEs. Hyperlipidemia (odds ratio [OR] = 19.36, p = 0.002), anti-phospholipid syndrome (APS) (OR = 41.9, p = 0.0068), a lower hemoglobin level (OR = 0.66, p = 0.0192), and a higher SLE Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI-2k) score (OR = 1.22, p = 0.0019) were independent risk factors for CVEs in young SLE patients. Conclusion: Hyperlipidemia, APS, low Hb level, and high SLEDAI-2k significantly increase the risk of young-aged SLE patients developing CVE. ER  - 
Criminality in patients with autoimmune encephalitis: A case series$$$ Background and purpose: Despite it being an immunotherapy-responsive neurological syndrome, patients with autoimmune encephalitis (AE) frequently exhibit residual neurobehavioural features. Here, we report criminal behaviours as a serious and novel postencephalitic association. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included 301 AE patients. Five of who committed crimes underwent direct assessments and records review alongside autoantibody studies. Results: Five of 301 patients (1.7%) with AE exhibited criminal behaviours, which included viewing child pornography (n = 3), repeated shoplifting, and conspiracy to commit murder. All five were adult males, with LGI1 autoantibodies (n = 3), CASPR2 autoantibodies, or seronegative AE. None had evidence of premorbid antisocial personality traits or psychiatric disorders. Criminal behaviours began a median of 18 months (range = 15 months–12 years) after encephalitis onset. At the time of crimes, two patients were immunotherapy-naïve, three had been administered late immunotherapies (at 5 weeks–4 months), many neurobehavioural features persisted, and new obsessive behaviours had appeared. However, cognition, seizure, and disability measures had improved, alongside reduced autoantibody levels. Conclusions: Criminal behaviours are a rare, novel, and stigmatizing residual neurobehavioural phenotype in AE, with significant social and legal implications. With caution towards overattribution, we suggest they occur as part of a postencephalitis limbic neurobehavioural syndrome. ER  - 
Determinants of Persistent, Multi-Year, Frequent Emergency Department Use Among Children and Young Adults in Three US States$$$ Objective: This study examines the factors associated with persistent, multi-year, and frequent emergency department (ED) use among children and young adults. Methods: We conducted a retrospective secondary analysis using the 2012–2017 Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Emergency Department Databases for children and young adults aged 0–19 who visited any ED in Florida, Massachusetts, and New York. We estimated the association between persistent frequent ED use and individuals’ characteristics using multivariable logistic regression models. Results: Among 1.3 million patients with 1.8 million ED visits in 2012, 2.9% (37,558) exhibited frequent ED use (≥4 visits in 2012) and accounted for 10.2% (181,138) of all ED visits. Longitudinal follow-up of frequent ED users indicated that 15.4% (5770) remained frequent users periodically over the next 1 or 2 years, while 2.2% (831) exhibited persistent frequent use over the next 3–5 years. Over the 6-year study period, persistent frequent users had 31,551 ED visits at an average of 38.0 (standard deviation = 16.2) visits. Persistent frequent ED use was associated with higher intensity of ED use in 2012, public health insurance coverage, inconsistent health insurance coverage over time, residence in non-metropolitan and lower-income areas, multimorbidity, and more ED visits for less medically urgent conditions. Conclusions: Clinicians and policymakers should consider the diverse characteristics and needs of pediatric persistent frequent ED users compared to broader definitions of frequent users when designing and implementing interventions to improve health outcomes and contain ED visit costs. ER  - 
Phosphatidylserine enriched with polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acid supplementation for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents with epilepsy: A randomized placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a frequent comorbidity in children with epilepsy, which management mostly relies on the usual treatments of ADHD, especially methylphenidate. Supplementation with polyunsaturated n-3 Fatty Acid (PUFA) has been proposed as an alternative therapeutic approach in ADHD without epilepsy but has never been evaluated in epilepsy-associated ADHD. Methods: A multicenter double blind randomized placebo-controlled trial evaluating supplementation with PUFA, in eicosapentaenoic- and docosahexaenoic-acid form, conjugated to a phospholipid vector (PS-Omega3) in children aged >6 and <16-years old, and suffering from any type of epilepsy and ADHD (inattentive or combined type) according to DSM-V. After a 4-week baseline period, patients were allocated (1:1) either to placebo group or to PS-Omega 3 group and entered a 12 week-double-blind treatment period which was followed by a 12 week-open-label treatment period. The primary outcome was the reduction of the ADHD-rating scale IV attention-deficit subscore after 12 weeks of treatment. Results: The study was stopped early because of lack of eligible participants and the expected sample size was not reached. Seventy-four patients were randomized, 44 in PS-Omega3, and 30 in the placebo group. The reduction after 12 weeks of treatment in the inattention subscore of the ADHD-IV scale was −1.57 in the PS-Omega3 group, and −2.90 in the placebo group (p = 0.33, α = 5%). Results were similar after 24 weeks of treatment and for all other ADHD-related secondary outcomes, with no difference between placebo and PS-Omega3. Conclusion: Our study remaining underpowered, no formal conclusion about the effect of Ps-Omega3 could be drawn. However, our data strongly suggested that the PS-Omega 3 formulation used in the current study did not improve ADHD symptoms in children with epilepsy. Plain Language Summary: Supplementation with polyunsaturated n-3 Fatty Acid (PUFA) has been proposed in ADHD but has never been evaluated in patients with both epilepsy and ADHD. To address this issue, we conducted a multicenter double blind randomized placebo-controlled trial evaluating supplementation with PUFA in children with epilepsy and ADHD. The study was stopped early because of lack of eligible participants, hampering formal conclusion. However, the evolution of the ADHD symptoms at 12 and 24 weeks did not differ between placebo and PUFA supplementation, strongly suggesting that PUFA did not improve ADHD symptoms in children with epilepsy. ER  - 
Juvenile neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus: A specific clinical phenotype and proposal of a probability score$$$ Objective: Juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus (j-SLE) is a rare chronic auto-immune disease involving several organs. Neuropsychiatric (NP) SLE (NPSLE) is frequent in j-SLE and associated with increased morbidity/mortality. Although NPSLE classification criteria exist, attributing NP features to j-SLE remains a major challenge. The study objective is to thoroughly describe j-NPSLE patients and assist in their diagnosis. Methods: This is a 4-year retrospective monocentric study of j-SLE patients. NP events were attributed to j-SLE using standardised diagnostic criteria and multidisciplinary paediatric clinical expertise. Clinical features, brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)s and samples analysis including cerebrospinal fluid were assessed. A risk of j-NPSLE score was developed based on multivariable logistic regression analysis. Results: Of 39 patients included, 44% were identified as having j-NPSLE. J-NPSLE diagnosis was established at the onset of j-SLE in 59% of patients. In addition to frequent kidney involvement (76%) and chilblains (65%), all j-NPSLE patients displayed psychiatric features: cognitive symptoms (82%), hallucinations (76%), depressed mood (35%), acute confused state (18%) and catatonia (12%). Neurological involvement was often mild and nonspecific, with headache (53%) in about half of the patients. The main features reported on brain MRI were nonspecific T2/FLAIR white matter hyperintensities (65%), and cerebral atrophy (88%). Upon immunosuppressive treatment, clinical improvement of NP features was observed in all j-NPSLE patients. The score developed to attribute j-NPSLE probability, guide further investigations and appropriate treatments is based on hallucinations, memory, sleep and renal involvement (Sensitivity: 0.95 Specificity: 0.85). Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) neopterin assessment increases the score sensitivity and specificity. Conclusion: Physicians should carefully and systematically assess the presence of NP features at diagnosis and early stages of j-SLE. For j-NPSLE patients with predominant psychiatric features, a multidisciplinary collaboration, including psychiatrists, is essential for the diagnosis, management and follow-up. ER  - 
Safety and effectiveness of diazepam nasal spray in male and female patients: Post hoc analysis of data from a phase 3 safety study$$$ Sex differences in drug pharmacokinetics include variations in the expression of the cytochrome P450 enzymes, which are involved in the metabolism of benzodiazepines. It is unclear whether sex influences outcomes associated with intranasally administered drugs. A post hoc analysis of sex differences was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of diazepam nasal spray, which included examining changes in the number of days between seizure clusters over time (SEIzure interVAL [SEIVAL]). Diazepam nasal spray is approved for acute treatment of seizure clusters in patients with epilepsy aged ≥6 years. Data from a phase 3 safety study were used to determine the proportion of second doses used within 24 h (ie, a proxy for effectiveness) and SEIVAL. Adverse events were recorded. Of 163 treated patients, 89 were female, and 74 were male. Approximately 16% of both sexes self-administered the study drug. A slightly higher proportion of seizure clusters was treated with a second dose in female (14.7%) than male (9.4%) patients. SEIVAL increased significantly and substantially over a year for all patients. The safety profile was generally similar between the sexes. These results suggest that potential sex differences in benzodiazepine pharmacokinetics do not meaningfully influence outcomes associated with diazepam nasal spray. Plain Language Summary: Some drugs may have differences in absorption and metabolism between genders that could translate into differences in safety and effectiveness. This safety study looked at diazepam nasal spray for treating seizure clusters in patients at least 6 years old. It found that safety was about the same for females and males. For both groups, most clusters stopped after only 1 dose of the drug, and the time between treated clusters got longer over a year. ER  - 
Patterns of subregional cerebellar atrophy across epilepsy syndromes: An ENIGMA-Epilepsy study$$$ Objective: The intricate neuroanatomical structure of the cerebellum is of longstanding interest in epilepsy, but has been poorly characterized within the current corticocentric models of this disease. We quantified cross-sectional regional cerebellar lobule volumes using structural magnetic resonance imaging in 1602 adults with epilepsy and 1022 healthy controls across 22 sites from the global ENIGMA-Epilepsy working group. Methods: A state-of-the-art deep learning-based approach was employed that parcellates the cerebellum into 28 neuroanatomical subregions. Linear mixed models compared total and regional cerebellar volume in (1) all epilepsies, (2) temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis (TLE-HS), (3) nonlesional temporal lobe epilepsy, (4) genetic generalized epilepsy, and (5) extratemporal focal epilepsy (ETLE). Relationships were examined for cerebellar volume versus age at seizure onset, duration of epilepsy, phenytoin treatment, and cerebral cortical thickness. Results: Across all epilepsies, reduced total cerebellar volume was observed (d =.42). Maximum volume loss was observed in the corpus medullare (dmax =.49) and posterior lobe gray matter regions, including bilateral lobules VIIB (dmax =.47), crus I/II (dmax =.39), VIIIA (dmax =.45), and VIIIB (dmax =.40). Earlier age at seizure onset ((Formula presented.) =.05) and longer epilepsy duration ((Formula presented.) =.06) correlated with reduced volume in these regions. Findings were most pronounced in TLE-HS and ETLE, with distinct neuroanatomical profiles observed in the posterior lobe. Phenytoin treatment was associated with reduced posterior lobe volume. Cerebellum volume correlated with cerebral cortical thinning more strongly in the epilepsy cohort than in controls. Significance: We provide robust evidence of deep cerebellar and posterior lobe subregional gray matter volume loss in patients with chronic epilepsy. Volume loss was maximal for posterior subregions implicated in nonmotor functions, relative to motor regions of both the anterior and posterior lobe. Associations between cerebral and cerebellar changes, and variability of neuroanatomical profiles across epilepsy syndromes argue for more precise incorporation of cerebellar subregional damage into neurobiological models of epilepsy. ER  - 
Developmental epileptic encephalopathy in DLG4-related synaptopathy$$$ Objective: The postsynaptic density protein of excitatory neurons PSD-95 is encoded by discs large MAGUK scaffold protein 4 (DLG4), de novo pathogenic variants of which lead to DLG4-related synaptopathy. The major clinical features are developmental delay, intellectual disability (ID), hypotonia, sleep disturbances, movement disorders, and epilepsy. Even though epilepsy is present in 50% of the individuals, it has not been investigated in detail. We describe here the phenotypic spectrum of epilepsy and associated comorbidities in patients with DLG4-related synaptopathy. Methods: We included 35 individuals with a DLG4 variant and epilepsy as part of a multicenter study. The DLG4 variants were detected by the referring laboratories. The degree of ID, hypotonia, developmental delay, and motor disturbances were evaluated by the referring clinician. Data on awake and sleep electroencephalography (EEG) and/or video-polygraphy and brain magnetic resonance imaging were collected. Antiseizure medication response was retrospectively assessed by the referring clinician. Results: A large variety of seizure types was reported, although focal seizures were the most common. Encephalopathy related to status epilepticus during slow-wave sleep (ESES)/developmental epileptic encephalopathy with spike–wave activation during sleep (DEE-SWAS) was diagnosed in >25% of the individuals. All but one individual presented with neurodevelopmental delay. Regression in verbal and/or motor domains was observed in all individuals who suffered from ESES/DEE-SWAS, as well as some who did not. We could not identify a clear genotype–phenotype relationship even between individuals with the same DLG4 variants. Significance: Our study shows that a subgroup of individuals with DLG4-related synaptopathy have DEE, and approximately one fourth of them have ESES/DEE-SWAS. Our study confirms DEE as part of the DLG4-related phenotypic spectrum. Occurrence of ESES/DEE-SWAS in DLG4-related synaptopathy requires proper investigation with sleep EEG. ER  - 
Is Electroencephalography Useful in Children with Developmental Delays but without Overt Seizures?$$$ Purpose: Electroencephalography (EEG) is useful for clarifying the association between cortical activity and cognitive processes in children. We investigated whether EEG abnormalities were correlated with developmental delay/intellectual disability (DD/ID) in the absence of clinical seizures. Methods: We retrospectively identified 166 children with DD/ID who underwent EEG at Pusan National University Hospital between January 2011 and December 2021. We compared clinical characteristics and test results between those with normal and those with abnormal EEGs. Additionally, we analyzed EEG abnormalities in relation to neurodevelopmental disorders, specifically autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Results: Of the 166 patients, 39 (23.5%) displayed abnormal EEGs, while 127 (76.5%) had normal EEGs. Of the former, 25 (64.1%) patients exhibited epileptiform discharges, including 22 (56.3%) with focal and three (7.7%) with generalized discharges. Focal discharges most frequently affected the central area (35.9%). Twenty patients (51.3%) exhibited rhythmic slowing patterns. Epilepsy diagnoses were significantly more common among patients with abnormal EEGs (n=8, 20.5%) than among those with normal EEGs (n=9, 7.1%) (P<0.001). Of 22 patients with ASD, five (12.8%) had abnormal EEGs. Of 13 patients with ADHD, five (36.4%) had abnormal EEGs, all with epileptiform discharges. Two patients with ASD and two with ADHD exhibited rhythmic slowing. Abnormal EEG findings were significantly more common among those with genetic abnormalities compared to genetically normal patients (26 vs. 13, P=0.017). Conclusion: EEG represents a potential screening tool for children with DD. Abnormal EEG findings are associated with increased epilepsy risk, informing diagnosis and treatment planning. ER  - 
Cumulative Anticholinergic Burden and its Predictors among Older Adults with Alzheimer’s Disease Initiating Cholinesterase Inhibitors$$$ Background: Cumulative anticholinergic burden refers to the cumulative effect of multiple medications with anticholinergic properties. However, concomitant use of cholinesterase inhibitors (ChEIs) and anticholinergic burden can nullify the benefit of the treatment and worsen Alzheimer’s disease (AD). A literature gap exists regarding the extent of the cumulative anticholinergic burden and associated risk factors in AD. Therefore, this study evaluated the prevalence and predictors of cumulative anticholinergic burden among patients with AD initiating ChEIs. Methods: A retrospective longitudinal cohort study was conducted using the Medicare claims data involving parts A, B, and D from 2013 to 2017. The study sample included older adults (65 years and older) diagnosed with AD and initiating ChEIs (donepezil, rivastigmine, or galantamine). The cumulative anticholinergic burden was calculated based on the Anticholinergic Cognitive Burden scale and patient-specific dosing using the defined daily dose over the 1 year follow-up period after ChEI initiation. Incremental anticholinergic burden levels were dichotomized into moderate–high (sum of standardized daily anticholinergic exposure over a year (TSDD) score ≥ 90) versus low–no (score 0–89). The Andersen Behavioral Model was used as the conceptual framework for selecting the predictors under the predisposing, enabling, and need categories. A multivariable logistic regression model was used to evaluate the predictors of high-moderate versus low–no cumulative anticholinergic burden. A multinomial logistic regression model was also used to determine the factors associated with patients having moderate and high burdens compared to low/no burdens. Results: The study included 222,064 older adults with AD with incident ChEI use (mean age 82.24 ± 7.29, 68.9% females, 83.6% White). Overall, 80.48% had some anticholinergic burden during the follow-up, with 36.26% patients with moderate (TSDD scores 90–499), followed by 24.76% high (TSDD score > 500), and 19.46% with low (TSDD score 1–89) burden categories. Predisposing factors such as age; African American, Asian, or Hispanic race; and need factors included comorbidities such as dyslipidemia, syncope, delirium, fracture, pneumonia, epilepsy, and claims-based frailty index were less likely to be associated with the moderate–high anticholinergic burden. The factors that increased the odds of moderate–high burden were predisposing factors such as female sex; enabling factors such as dual eligibility and diagnosis year; and need factors such as baseline burden, behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia, depression, insomnia, urinary incontinence, irritable bowel syndrome, anxiety, muscle spasm, gastroesophageal reflux disease, heart failure, and dysrhythmia. Most of these findings remained consistent with multinomial logistic regression. Conclusion: Four out of five older adults with AD had some level of anticholinergic burden, with over 60% having moderate–high anticholinergic burden. Several predisposing, enabling, and need factors were associated with the cumulative anticholinergic burden. The study findings suggest a critical need to minimize the cumulative anticholinergic burden to improve AD care. ER  - 
The profile of epilepsy and its characteristics in children with neurocutaneous syndromes$$$ Objectives: The profile of seizures in neurocutaneous syndromes is variable. We aimed to define the characteristics of epilepsy in children with neurocutaneous syndromes. Materials and Methods: Cross-sectional study over 18 months at a tertiary care pediatric hospital, including children with neurocutaneous syndromes aged between 1 and 15 years, using the 2017-International League Against Epilepsy classification. Results: In 119 children with neurocutaneous syndromes, 94 (79%) had epilepsy. In eight children with neurofibromatosis one with epilepsy, 5 (62.5%) had generalized motor tonic-clonic seizures, 1 (12.5%) had generalized motor epileptic spasms, 1 (12.5%) had generalized motor automatism, and 1 (12.5%) had a focal seizure. In 69 children with tuberous sclerosis complex with epilepsy, 30 (43.5%) had generalized motor epileptic spasms, 23 (33.3%) had focal seizures, and nine (13.0%) had generalized motor tonic-clonic seizures. In 14 children with Sturge–Weber syndrome with epilepsy, 13 (92.8%) had focal seizures, and 1 (7.2%) had generalized motor tonic seizures. Statistically significant associations were found between epilepsy and intellectual disability (P = 0.02) and behavioral problems (P = 0.00). Conclusion: Profiling seizures in children with neurocutaneous syndromes are paramount in devising target-specific treatments as the epileptogenesis in each syndrome differs in the molecular pathways leading to the hyperexcitability state. Further multicentric studies are required to unravel better insights into the epilepsy profile of neurocutaneous syndromes. ER  - 
Reducing the Impact of Headache and Allodynia Score in Chronic Migraine: An Exploratory Analysis from the Real-World Effectiveness of Anti-CGRP Monoclonal Antibodies Compared to Onabotulinum Toxin A (RAMO) Study$$$ Background: Chronic migraine (CM) is a disabling and hard-to-treat condition, associated with high disability and high cost. Among the preventive treatments, botulinum toxin A (BoNT-a) and monoclonal antibodies against the calcitonin gene-related protein (anti-CGRP mAbs) are the only disease-specific ones. The assessment of the disease burden is complex, and among others, tools such as the allodynia symptoms checklist (ASC-12) and headache impact test (HIT-6) are very useful. This exploratory study analysed the impact of these two therapies on migraine burden. Methods: The RAMO study was a multicentre, observational, retrospective investigation conducted in two headache centres: the Fondazione IRCCS Istituto Neurologico Carlo Besta (Milan) and the Fondazione Policlinico Campus Bio-Medico (Rome). This study involved patients with chronic migraine treated with mAbs or BoNT-A. We conducted a subgroup exploratory analysis on HIT-6 and ASC-12 scores in the two groups. The Wilcoxon rank-sum test, Fisher’s exact test, and ANOVA were performed. Results: Of 126 patients, 36 on mAbs and 90 on BoNT-A had at least one available follow-up. mAbs resulted in a mean reduction of −11.1 and −11.4 points, respectively, in the HIT-6 at 6 and 12 months, while BoNT-A was reduced −3.2 and −3.6 points, respectively; the mAbs arm resulted in mean reductions in ASC-12 at 6 and 12 months of follow-up of −5.2 and −6.0 points, respectively, while BoNT-A showed lesser mean changes of −0.5 and −0.9 points, respectively. The adjusted analysis confirmed our results. Conclusions: In this exploratory analysis, anti-CGRP mAbs showed superior effectiveness for HIT-6 and ASC12 compared to BoNT-A. Reductions in terms of month headache days (MHD), migraine disability assessment test (MIDAS), and migraine acute medications (MAM) were clinically relevant for both treatments. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation on adolescents and young adults with major depressive disorder: A randomized, double blinded, controlled trial$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a newer form of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for depression. However, its efficacy and safety in adolescents and young adults with major depressive disorder (AYA-MDD) have not been well studied, especially when applied with a strategy that combines neuronavigation targeting and accelerated iTBS. Methods: In this study, ninety patients were randomly assigned to twice-daily (two 600-pulse sessions spaced out by 10 min, n = 31), once-daily (one 600-pulse session, n = 29) or sham iTBS (no pulses, n = 30) groups for 10 treatment days. The primary outcome measure was the change in depression scores on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-17). Other clinical symptoms, such as anxiety, were also evaluated. Results: Linear mixed model analysis found that scores on the HAMD-17 and its factors improved in all three groups, but these improvements did not significantly differ among groups. Other clinical symptoms such as anxiety also improved. Response and remission rates were relatively low and did not differ among groups at any time point. The most common adverse event was headache, and the proportion of participants who reported headache in the twice-daily and once-daily groups was significantly higher than that in the sham group. Conclusions: The current results indicated that twice-daily and once-daily iTBS under neuronavigation are safe and well tolerated in AYA-MDD, but the overall efficacy was not superior to that of sham treatment. We speculated several possible reasons such as the high placebo response of the young population, inadequate iTBS pulses and so on. ER  - 
Effective Factors in Cognitive Functions of Patients with Temporal Lobe Epilepsy$$$ Background: Temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) is the most common form of focal epilepsy and increases the risk of cognitive impairment, negatively impacting the quality of life of affected individuals. Objectives: This study aimed to investigate cognitive function in patients with low socioeconomic status affected by TLE and identify factors influencing such function. Methods: This case-control study, conducted between July 2021 and August 2022, compared the cognitive function of 40 patients affected by TLE to 92 healthy controls. The Montreal cognitive assessment (MoCA) was used for neurocognitive evaluation. Data analysis was performed using SPSS 25.0 for Windows. Results: The mean age of the patient group was 33.35 years, compared to 35.37 years in the control group. Moreover, 70% of patients affected by TLE displayed cognitive impairment and demonstrated lower performance in cognitive functions than the control group (P < 0.05). Significant correlations were identified between overall MoCA scores and several factors, including seizure frequency, educational level, polytherapy, disease duration, and self-esteem scores (P < 0.05). Multivariate analysis revealed that seizure control and higher educational level were statistically significant predictors of overall MoCA scores in patients affected by TLE. Conclusions: In low-income patients affected by TLE, seizure control and a higher educational level emerged as predictors of cognitive performance. These findings underscore the importance of identifying and managing comorbidities and the need for tailored cognitive rehabilitation programs for this population. ER  - 
Ketamine in the treatment of refractory and super-refractory status epilepticus: Experience from two centres$$$ Purpose: There is insufficient evidence on the management of refractory status epilepticus (RSE) and super-RSE (SRSE). Ketamine is a N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist in the treatment of these entities. Our objectives were to study the effectiveness and safety of ketamine in the treatment of adult patients with RSE and SRSE, to determine the factors that can influence the response to ketamine, and to explore its use in patients without mechanical ventilation. Methods: Adult patients who had received intravenous ketamine for the treatment of RSE or SRSE at Hospital Universitario Clínico San Carlos (Madrid, Spain) or Hospital Universitari Vall d'Hebron (Barcelona, Spain) from 2017 to 2023 were retrospectively analysed. Results: This study included 58 adult patients, mean (standard deviation) age 60.2 (15.7) years, of whom 41 (70.7 %) were male; 33 (56.9 %) patients responded to ketamine without recurrence, with a low rate of adverse effects (8.6 %). The presence of SRSE at the time of ketamine initiation (OR 0.287, p = 0.028) and the time elapsed between status epilepticus onset and ketamine administration (OR 0.991, p = 0.034) were associated with worse response to ketamine. Patients treated without mechanical ventilation had similar rates of response without recurrence (62.5% vs 56.9 %) and lower mortality (37.5% vs 53.5 %) compared to the overall group. Conclusion: Ketamine is an effective drug with few adverse effects. Prompt administration should be considered in patients with RSE requiring anaesthesia, in patients with SRSE, and in patients with RSE who do not respond to standard antiseizure drugs and in whom mechanical ventilation is not advised. ER  - 
Which psychogenic nonepileptic seizure (PNES) patients are more likely to be treated with anti-seizure medications?$$$ Background: The average time for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) diagnosis is about 7.5 years. Many patients receive inadequate treatment and sometimes even life-threatening treatments such as tracheal intubation during this time. Purpose: To determine the risk factors for misdiagnosis of PNES as Epilepsy. Methods: The medical records of patients who underwent video-electroencephalogram (EEG) monitoring were reviewed retrospectively. Patients who had PNES without epileptic seizures (ES) were included in this study. Baseline personal and monitoring characteristics were collected. The patients were then divided into two groups based on their therapeutic status. Patients in the treatment group were again divided into two groups based on the number of anti-seizure medications (ASM) they were treated with. Results: Fifty-seven patients diagnosed with PNES were included in this study. Thirty-seven patients were under treatment, and 20 patients were not under treatment at the time of monitoring. Motor seizures, abnormal interictal EEG patterns, and pathological brain imaging findings were more frequent among patients in the treatment group (p<0.05). Patients with motor seizures were more likely to be treated with multiple ASM than patients with only dialeptic nonmotor seizures (p<0.05). Lastly, patients in the treatment group were monitored longer and had fewer seizures during monitoring (p<0.05). Conclusion: PNES patients with abnormal EEG patterns and pathological brain imaging findings are more likely to be treated with ASM. The pure dialeptic nature of seizures is less likely to be misdiagnosed as ES. In addition, patients with such seizures are less likely to be treated with multiple treatment lines. ER  - 
Recognizing Aphasia Secondary to Left Temporal Lobe Seizure: A Case Report$$$ Introduction: Altered mental status is a common occurrence in the hospital and may be related to several conditions. One manifestation of altered mental status is aphasia, which is usually associated with ischemic strokes affecting the middle cerebral artery. However, there are cases in the literature that report aphasia secondary to seizure, with the proposed mechanism of seizure activity occurring in the dominant temporal lobe. To distinguish between ischemic stroke and seizures as the root cause of aphasia, we must synthesize a patient's medical history, any localizing neurological symptoms, imaging and specific EEG patterns as key indicators in making this determination. The following assessment emphasizes the need to maintain seizure etiologies within the differential. Methods: Selected a patient on which to perform a case report. Results: We present the case of a 62-year-old left-handed female with history of Major Depressive Disorder, alcohol use disorder, prior stroke, self-reported seizure disorder, history of two suicide attempts and a recent psychiatric hospitalization, who was re-admitted to the psychiatric unit for worsening confusion, disorientation, and intermittent word-finding difficulty. Upon admission, laboratory findings indicated a moderate urinary tract infection (UTI) and elevated blood alcohol level. Physical and neurological examinations were unremarkable except for mild and intermittent word-finding difficulties. Her Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MOCA) revealed a score of 23/30. Initial assessment of the patient attributed acute mental status changes to intoxication, UTI, or sequela from previous ischemic stroke that occurred in November 2022. Computed tomography (CT) showed encephalomalacia in the inferior left temporal lobe. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) also showed encephalomalacia with gliosis in the inferior left temporal lobe as well as partial occlusion in the left transverse sinus. Four days later, the patient experienced sudden-onset aphasia accompanied by disorientation. During transfer to the emergency department, she had a witnessed generalized tonic-clonic seizure lasting one minute. A repeat stat CT scan did not show any new bleeding or infarction. Seizure etiology was not previously considered within the differential diagnosis. She was admitted to the neurology department for further evaluation. Computed tomography angiography (CTA) of the head and neck was unremarkable. Computed tomography venogram (CTV) demonstrated some filling defects within the left transverse and sigmoid sinus with partial recanalization within the proximal sigmoid sinus. Electroencephalography (EEG) demonstrated left temporal cortical irritability and mild cerebral dysfunction, raising concerns of left temporal lobe epilepsy. The patient was initiated on Levetiracetam, and later upon readmission to the inpatient psychiatry unit, was cross-tapered to Valproic Acid to also target her mood symptoms. She was discharged with plans to follow-up with Psychiatry and Neurology outpatient services. Conclusions: Acute onset aphasia is typically one of the hallmark features of an acute stroke or TIA. Yet, as demonstrated by this case, and consistent with reports in the literature, a seizure etiology should also be considered. A 2019 retrospective study of patients admitted in the emergency setting demonstrated that previous history of epilepsy, alteration of consciousness, and co-occurring infection more likely reflect seizure and that ischemic cardiopathy, atrial fibrillation and mild lateralizing signs more indicate stroke. Our case was unique in that she had risk factors for both seizure and stroke, making the primary diagnosis for her acute-onset aphasia difficult to elucidate. The area of encephalomalacia in the inferior left temporal lobe could be functioning as a focus of epileptogenic activity, as aphasic seizures tend to be associated with structural brain lesions. The literature mainly describes the mechanism of aphasia secondary to seizure occurring in the dominant hemisphere. Another retrospective study found that the type of aphasia appears to depend on seizure localization in the dominant temporal lobe: impaired speech comprehension with posterior lateral temporal lobe, anomia and reduced verbal fluency with anterior mediobasal structures, and jargon aphasia with basal temporal lobe. Broca's area was not affected by seizure discharge in this study, so involvement of other regions likely led to language production deficits. This presentation highlights the importance of including seizure etiology in work up of acute onset aphasia and emphasizes the importance of comprehensive neurological and psychiatric work up and collaboration. ER  - 
Caregiver burden and its predictors in adult epilepsy patients$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate caregiver burden and factors associated with caregiver burden in caregivers of adults with epilepsy. Materials and methods: This descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted with 107 patients with epilepsy and 107 their primary caregivers. Personal information form including sociodemographic data and Zarit Caregiver Burden Inventory (ZBI), were used for caregivers, and patient information form, Montreal Cognitive Assessment Scale (MoCA), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), Epilepsy Quality of Life Scale (QoLIE-31) and Stigma Scale were used for patients. Results: Caregiver burden was found to be related to gender (p = 0.047), marital status (p = 0.008), income (p = 0.003), education level (p = 0.05) age at onset of epilepsy (p = 0.025) and type of therapy (p = 0.005). The scale scores for cognitive functions (p < 0.001), stigma (p < 0.001), anxiety (p = 0.001), depression (p = 0.005), and quality of life (p < 0.001) of the patient showed significant correlations with caregiver burden. In addition, caregiver burden was found to correlate with some caregiver characteristics such as caregivers‘ age (p = 0.041), gender (p < 0.001), education (p < 0.001), income (p = 0.001) and relationship with the patient (p = 0.016). Time spent on caregiving per day was also positively correlated with caregiving burden (p < 0.001). In regression analysis, the gender of the caregiver, the gender of the patient, the stigma level of patient, and the type of treatment were found to be predictors of care burden (p < 0.05, R2 = 0.61). Conclusion: It was found that two-thirds of the families of patients with epilepsy experienced varying degrees of caregiver burden. In addition, it was determined that caregiver burden was associated with sociodemographic and numerous psychosocial factors of the patient as well as the caregiver. It is important that both the caregiver and the patient being cared for are closely evaluated in interventions to reduce the caregiver burden in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Prevalence and factors associated with psychosis among adults with epilepsy at a tertiary hospital in Uganda, cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Psychotic disorders are prevalent among people with epilepsy compared to the general population. However, there is limited information regarding psychosis among people with epilepsy in Uganda. This study therefore determined the prevalence and associated factors of psychosis among adults with epilepsy attending Butabika National Referral Mental Hospital in Uganda. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study involving adults with epilepsy. The diagnosis of psychosis was assessed using the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview, module for Psychotic disorders. Logistic regression analysis identified factors associated with psychosis. Results: Out of 250 participants, 6.8% had psychosis and 13.6% had depression. Psychosis was significantly associated with older age, greater perceived stigma and substance use. Conclusion: Psychosis affects nearly 7% of adults with epilepsy in Uganda especially among those who are older, with perceived stigma and substance use. Routine screening and early intervention to management of psychosis in PWE is highly recommended. ER  - 
Medication use in patients with functional seizures from a public and a private hospital$$$ Purpose: Currently, we have limited knowledge of any potential differences among patients with functional seizures (FS), otherwise known as psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), from different socioeconomic backgrounds. Investigating medication use among these patients may provide insight into the quality and intensity of medical care they receive. Thus, we aimed to assess and compare the frequency and quantity of antiseizure medications (ASMs), and psychiatric and other medications used among patients with FS from a private and public epilepsy monitoring units (EMUs) in Cape Town, South Africa. Methods: Only video-electroencephalographically (video-EEG) confirmed patients with FS with no comorbid epilepsy were eligible for the study. For this retrospective case-control study we collected data on patients’ medication-taking histories using digital patient records, starting with the earliest available digital patient record for each hospital. Results: A total of 305 patients from a private hospital and 67 patients from a public hospital were included in the study (N = 372). Patients with FS attending the public hospital had lower odds of taking any ASMs at presentation (aOR=0.39, 95% CI [0.20, 0.75]) and ever taking psychiatric medications (aOR=0.41, 95% CI [0.22, 0.78]) compared to FS patients from the private hospital. They did, however, have higher odds of being discharged with an ASM (aOR=6.60, 95% CI [3.27, 13.35]) and ever taking cardiovascular medication (aOR=2.69, 95% CI [1.22, 5.90]) when compared to the private hospital patients. With every additional presenting ASM (aOR=0.63, 95% CI [0.45, 0.89]) and psychiatric medication (aOR=0.58, 95% CI [0.40, 0.84]) the odds of being from the public hospital decreased. However, they increased with every additional discharge ASM (aOR=3.63, 95% CI [2.30, 5.72]) and cardiovascular medication (aOR=1.26, 95% CI [1.02, 1.55]). Conclusion: Standard approaches to pharmacological treatment for patients with FS differed between the public and private hospitals and may indicate a gap in quality of care. ER  - 
Translation and validation of the Vietnamese Epilepsy Self-Management Scale (V-ESMS)$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to translate and validate the Vietnamese version of the Epilepsy Self-Management Scale (V-ESMS). Methods: The translation and cross-cultural adaptation of the original version of the ESMS into Vietnamese followed the Principles of Good Practice for the Translation and Cultural Adaptation Process for Patient-Reported Outcomes Measures guideline with “forward–backward” translation and culturally adapted. The participants were recruited consecutively at neurology clinics at Nguyen Tri Phuong Hospital and University Medical Center, Ho Chi Minh City, from January 2022 to July 2022 and required to complete the V-ESMS. The validity was assessed by exploratory factor analysis (EFA) and confirmatory factor analysis (CFA). Cronbach's alpha and intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) were used to evaluate internal and temporal reliability, respectively. Results: A total of 200 participants were recruited for analysis. The V-ESMS included 36 items and five domains. The factor loading ranged between 0.313 and 0.927; most items loaded in their hypothesized factors proved in the original scale. Using the CFA, theCMIN/DF, comparative fit index, and root mean square error of approximation were 2.883, 0.80, and 0.097, respectively. The Cronbach's alpha in each domain was 0.79–0.907; the scale was 0.936. The ICC from 0.94 to 0.98 showed excellent test–retest reliability. Conclusion: The 36-item V-ESMS with five domains presented good validity and reliability. This instrument could be used to assess self-management in people with epilepsy in Vietnam. ER  - 
Characteristics and outcomes of youth with functional seizures attending intensive interdisciplinary pain treatment$$$ Functional seizures (FS) can be debilitating and negatively impact quality of life. Yet intervention research for FS is limited, especially for youth. This study examined clinical characteristics and outcomes of youth with FS (13–23 years) presenting to a pediatric intensive interdisciplinary pain treatment (IIPT) program in the midwestern United States. Sixty youth (mean age = 16.5 years; 83.3 % female) met inclusion criteria. At intake, comorbid chronic pain, somatic symptoms, autonomic dysfunction, eating and weight disturbances, and mental health concerns were common. Despite this high symptom burden, youth with FS reported significant improvements in functioning measured with the Functional Disability Inventory, t(53) = 9.80, p <.001, d = 1.32; depression measured with the Center for Epidemiological Studies – Depression Scale for Children, t(53) = 6.76, p <.001, d = 0.91; anxiety measured with the Spence Children's Anxiety Scale, t(53) = 3.97, p < .001, d = 0.53; and catastrophizing measured with the Pain Catastrophizing Scale for Children, t(53) = 6.44, p <.001, d = 0.86, following completion of the program, suggesting that IIPT may be an effective treatment option for highly disabled and emotionally distressed youth with FS. Future research is needed to continue to refine best practices for youth with FS to reduce suffering and improve outcomes. ER  - 
Independent Factors Associated with 30-Day In-Hospital Mortality from Acute Spontaneous Intracerebral Hemorrhage$$$ Objective: This study aims to investigate independent factors associated with 30-day mortality in patients with acute spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage (SICH) before treatment. Methods: A retrospective analysis was performed on medical records of patients hospitalized with acute SICH between 2019 and 2021. Data included personal history, hospital stay duration, symptom onset, chief complaint, underlying diseases, medication, and alcohol/smoking habits. Physical examination records comprised baseline blood pressure, Glasgow Coma Scale assessment, and pupil reaction evaluation. Diagnostic imaging, specifically computed tomography brain scans, was examined for hemorrhage details. Multivariable logistic analysis was utilized for data analysis. Results: Among 663 cases, 185 (27.9%) experienced mortality. Risk factors for mortality included chronic kidney disease, ischemic heart disease, loss of follow-up in hypertension clinic, and pontine hemorrhage. Conversely, motor response (m), reactive pupils, and basal cistern persistence significantly decreased the risk of mortality in multivariable analysis. Receiver operating characteristic analysis identified a m score of 5 as the cutoff for predicting survival. Conclusions: Chronic kidney disease, ischemic heart disease, loss of hypertension follow-up, m, reactive pupils, pontine hemorrhage, and basal cistern persistence were independent variables associated with the 30-day mortality rate in SICH patients before treatment initiation. A m, pupil reaction, and basal cistern persistence serve as predictive tools for assessing mortality in SICH before treatment. ER  - 
Longitudinal point-of-care assessment of psychomotor vigilance in children in the epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ The epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) is a complex and dynamic operational environment, where the cognitive and behavioural consequences of medical and environmental changes often go unnoticed. The psychomotor vigilance task (PVT) has been used to detect changes in cognition and behaviour in numerous contexts, including among astronauts on spaceflight missions, pilots, and commercial drivers. Here, we piloted serial point-of-care administration of the PVT in children undergoing invasive monitoring in the EMU. Seven children completed the PVT throughout their hospital admission and their performance was associated with daily seizure counts, interictal epileptiform discharges, number of antiseizure medications (ASMs) administered, and sleep quality metrics. Using mixed-effects models, we found that PVT reaction time and accuracy were adversely affected by greater number of ASMs and interictal epileptiform activity. We show that serial point-of-care PVT is simple and feasible in the EMU and may enable greater understanding of individual patient responses to medical and environmental alterations, inform clinical decision-making, and support quality-improvement and research initiatives. ER  - 
WCN24-757 NEUROPSYCHIATRIC SLE (NPSLE) IN CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS WITH LUPUS NEPHRITIS$$$ Introduction: Data on neuropsychiatric manifestations in childhood-onset lupus nephritis (cLN) are scarce. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of biopsy-proven cLN diagnosed from 2000 to 2021 to investigate the epidemiology, clinical characteristics, associated risk factors and outcomes of neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) in the presence of cLN. NPSLE was defined according to the 1999 American College of Rheumatology nomenclature with the exclusion of those presenting with isolated headaches, anxiety or mood disorder. Results: 95 Chinese children with biopsy-proven cLN were included in the analysis. Of these patients, a total of 31 NPSLE events were reported in 11 patients (12%), with 1 patient developed NPSLE before the onset of cLN, 4 and 6 patients developed NPSLE concurrently with and after the onset of cLN, respectively. The most frequent NPSLE event was seizure (n=12, 39%). Estimated glomerular filtration rate <30ml/min/1.73m2 at diagnosis of cLN (adjusted odd ratio 6.73, 95% CI 1.2935.11) and higher maximal proteinuria during the observation period (adjusted odd ratio 1.07, 95% CI 1-1.13) were predictive of NPSLE upon multivariable analysis. Compared to children with cLN who did not develop NPSLE, significantly more children who developed subsequent NPSLE flare following initial kidney involvement had a history of medication non-adherence (100% vs 25%, p<0.001), higher degree of proteinuria at the diagnosis of cLN (urine protein/creatinine ratio, 5.74 vs 2.35mg/mg, p =0.04) and during the entire observation period (urine protein/creatinine ratio, 13.2 vs 3.3mg/mg, p = 0.004). Patients with NPSLE had a significantly lower complete remission rates for cLN at 6- and 12-month post-induction (27.3% vs 70.2%, p = 0.014; 45.5% vs 83.3%, p =0.01, respectively). Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that patients with NPSLE had worse kidney (Figure 1) and patient survivals (Figure 2) (log-rank test, p <0.001, 0.0014 respectively) than those without NPSLE. Conclusions: Worse kidney and patient survivals are observed in cLN patients with NPSLE. Severe LN manifestation and medication non-adherence are associated with the development of NPSLE. I have no potential conflict of interest to disclose. ER  - 
WCN24-2237 STUDY OF CLINICOPATHOLOGICAL PROFILE AND OUTCOMES OF PATIENTS WITH INFECTION RELATED GLOMERULONEPHRITIS FROM A SINGLE TERTIARY CENTRE IN SOUTHERN INDIA$$$ Introduction: Changing epidemiology of Infection related glomerulonephritis from an indolent course into more dramatic presentation and outcomes conferred newer insights to the prevailing pathogenesis and pathophysiology. In the yester years, IRGN was mostly limited to children and was considered to be benign secondary to streptococcal respiratory tract and skin infection. As the time elapsed, we see staphylococcal infections as the most common culprit, more so in adults in whom the presentation and outcomes sometimes are gloomy. In adults’ various factors implicated in causation of IRGN diabetes mellitus, malignancy, alcoholism and intravenous drug abuse. Methods: In this context, this study is undertaken to study the epidemiology, clinical presentation, various spectrum of infections and outcomes of IRGN. Institutional ethical committee clearance is taken .The current study is both retrospective and prospective data collected from August 2022 to February 2023 from patients presented with features consistent with IRGN. Renal biopsy is done in cases of rapidly progressive renal failure or persistent nephrotic proteinuria. Evaluation for underlying possible source of infection are documented. Laboratory evaluation, apart from routine blood chemistry, specific investigations include Complement levels, blood culture, urine culture, dental examination, ENT evaluation, bone and musculoskeletal screening in relevant cases, 2DEcho, fever profile, ASO titers, fundus examination, serology for HIV, HBsAg and HCV and other tropical infections like Dengue, Leptospira, Malaria and scrub. Data regarding the treatment, need for renal replacement therapy are collected.Patients are followed post discharge at 1 month, 3 months and 6 months. Hypertension, renal dysfunction, proteinuria, complement levels and active sediment are assessed during the time of follow up. Results: Data is captulated. Final data will be presented in the WCN congress.QUESTIONAIRE Name Age Gender Occupation Resident of Phone History of Fever/hematuria/sore throat/skin lesions/dental caries/oliguria/hypertension/edema Other systems- rash, joint pains, diarrhea, jaundice, seizures, bleeding Family history of similar illness Epidemic or sporadic onset Clinical syndrome Nephrotic-nephritic/ Acute Nephritic illness/ RPRF /AKI Co Morbidities HTN/DM/CAD/TB/IV Drug abuse/ Malignancy Investigations CBP CRP RFT LFT LDH ESR 24 hr protein UPCR CUE ASO titres Blood culture Urine culture Dental examination ENT examination Fundus Fever profile (in relevant cases)- Smear for Malarial parasite, Dengue IgG and IgM; NS1; Leptospira antibodies; Scrub typus antibodies. Complement levels (C3 and C4) ANA and ANCA levels are done when relevant CXR PA VIEW USG Renal biopsy Renal replacement therapy Conclusions: IRGN is a self limiting glomerulonephritis. Nevertheless timely follow up of cases help us understand the changing pathogenesis, pathophysiology and outcome of the patients with IRGN. I have no potential conflict of interest to disclose. ER  - 
Prevalence of dementia among people experiencing homelessness in Ontario, Canada: a population-based comparative analysis$$$ Background: Cognitive decline in people experiencing homelessness is an increasingly recognised issue. We compared the prevalence of dementia among people experiencing homelessness to housed individuals in the general population and those living in low-income neighbourhoods. Methods: We conducted a population-based, cross-sectional, comparative analysis using linked health-care administrative data from Ontario, Canada. We included individuals aged 45 years or older on Jan 1, 2019, who visited hospital-based ambulatory care (eg, emergency department), were hospitalised, or visited a community health centre in 2019; and identified people experiencing homelessness if they had one or more health-care records with an indication of homelessness or unstable housing. Prevalence of dementia was ascertained as of Dec 31, 2019, using a validated case definition for Alzheimer's disease and related dementia that was modified to include diagnoses made at a community health centre. Poisson models were used to generate estimates of prevalence. Estimates were compared with Ontarians that accessed any of the same health-care services over the same time, overall (general population group), and among those who were in the lowest quintile of area-based neighbourhood income (low-income group). Findings: 12 863 people experiencing homelessness, 475 544 people in the low-income comparator group, and 2 273 068 people in the general population comparator group were included in the study. Dementia prevalence was 68·7 per 1000 population among people experiencing homelessness, 62·6 per 1000 population in the low-income group, and 51·0 per 1000 population in the general population group. Descriptively, prevalence ratios between people experiencing homelessness and the comparator groups were highest within the ages of 55–64 years and 65–74 years in both sexes, ranging from 2·98 to 5·00. After adjusting for age, sex, geographical location of residence (urban vs rural), and health conditions associated with dementia, the prevalence ratio of dementia among people experiencing homelessness was 1·71 (95% CI 1·60–1·82) compared with the low-income group and 1·90 (1·79–2·03) compared with the general population group. Interpretation: People experiencing homelessness experience a high burden of dementia compared with housed populations in Ontario. Findings suggest that people experiencing homelessness might experience dementia at younger ages and could benefit from the development of proactive screening and housing interventions. Funding: The Public Health Agency of Canada. ER  - 
Childhood and juvenile absence epilepsy and associated comorbidities$$$ Introduction: Among the idiopathic generalized epilepsies, absence epilepsy is the most prevalent type. They can be associated with cognitive, behavioral, or psychiatric disorders. Objective: To describe the clinical and electroencephalographic characteristics, as well as the comorbidities, in children under 18 years old who had childhood and juvenile absences epilepsy. Patients and methods: Retrospective, single-center, observational study in a referral center for 8 years. Results: Of the 103 patients, 67 were female (65%). The median age of the first crisis was 7 years. Forty-four percent of patients had a personal history of seizures, and half had a family history of epilepsy. Learning disorders were present in 21% of the patients; 14% had associated attention-deficit hyperactivity disorders, and 11% had both. Anxiety and depression were found in 10% of children. The electroencephalogram, in most cases (68%), presented abnormal activity. The most used drug was valproic acid. Conclusion: Behavioral, cognitive, and psychiatric comorbidities are common in children with childhood and juvenile absence epilepsy, so an active search for these disorders is required in order to achieve timely treatment and reduce the impact on the school life of children and adolescents. ER  - 
Clinical burden of classical homocystinuria in the United States: A retrospective claims analysis$$$ Background: Classical homocystinuria (HCU), a rare metabolic disorder characterized by elevated total plasma and tissue levels of homocysteine, is a heterogeneous disease, affecting the vascular, nervous, ocular, and skeletal systems. The goals of this study were to estimate rates of specific clinical conditions relevant to HCU and compare these rates to the general (non-HCU) population. Methods: This was a retrospective analysis using IQVIA's PharMetrics® Plus database. Patients were included if they had at least two outpatient claims (at least 30 days apart) or at least one inpatient claim with a diagnosis code for homocystinuria (E72.11) and at least six months of pre- and post-index continuous enrollment. HCU patients were identified by excluding patients with evidence of secondary causes of elevated homocysteine (megaloblastic anemia, vitamin B12 deficiency, folate deficiency, chronic kidney disease, end-stage kidney disease). Major clinical conditions were assessed anytime during the study period (January 01, 2018 to February 28, 2023) and included thrombotic/thromboembolic conditions (deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, renal vein/portal vein/sinus/cerebral venous/arterial thrombosis, myocardial infarction, stroke, transient ischemic attack), neurological disease (white matter disease, epilepsy, aphasia, hemiplegia/hemiparesis, extrapyramidal and movement disorder), cognitive impairment (mild cognitive impairment, intellectual disability, developmental delay), psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, psychosis, anxiety), ocular conditions (retinal detachment, lens dislocation, myopia, glaucoma, cataracts, strabismus, iridodonesis), and skeletal conditions (osteoporosis, scoliosis, pectus excavatum, pectus carinatum, pes cavus, genu valgum, marfanoid habitus, fractures, kyphosis, skeletal fragility, bone mass deficiency). All remaining conditions (hyperlipidemia, hypopigmentation, hypertension, spontaneous pneumothorax, chronic pancreatitis, dental crowding) were grouped under Other. Rates of clinical events in the HCU cohort were compared to rates observed in the non-HCU general population (at least one month of continuous enrollment) in PharMetrics Plus. Results: Overall, 1875 likely HCU patients were included in the analysis. Mean age was 53 years and nearly 40% were female. The frequency of thrombotic/thromboembolic conditions was nearly five times higher (21.2% vs 4.7%) in HCU patients compared with the general non-HCU population (n = 59,044,824). Neurological disease (3.7% vs 1.1%), cognitive impairment (2.1% vs 0.6%), and conditions classified as Other (69.2% vs 26.5%) occurred around three times more often. Psychiatric conditions (23.2% vs 17.6%) and skeletal conditions (7.9% vs 6.2%) were slightly higher in patients with HCU. The most common individual clinical conditions in the HCU cohort, listed from highest to lowest, were anxiety (19.5%), pulmonary embolism (10.4%), stroke/transient ischemic attack (10.4%), deep vein thrombosis (7.0%), osteoporosis (5.2%), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (4.4%), and cataracts (3.6%). Conclusions: Overall, the clinical burden in patients with HCU is substantially higher than in the general non-HCU population, with rates of thrombotic/thromboembolic conditions, neurological disease, and cognitive impairment occurring at a much higher frequency. ER  - 
USE OF NEUROPATHIC PAIN MEDICATIONS PRIOR TO TOTAL KNEE REPLACEMENT: A NATIONAL POPULATION-BASED CASE-CONTROL STUDY IN ENGLAND$$$ Purpose (the aim of the study): Amid growing concerns regarding opioids and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, we document an increase in prescribing of the gabapentinoids (gabapentin and pregabalin), within patients with osteoarthritis (OA), of which a proportion appears to be off-label use for the condition. Furthering this, we hypothesised that medications indicated for neuropathic pain (amitriptyline, duloxetine, gabapentin and pregabalin) are likely prescribed to patients during their journey towards total knee replacement (TKR), although the time frame of their use remains uncertain. Our present study sought to: 1) evaluate 10-year prescribing trends of neuropathic pain medication prescribing in patients undergoing TKR; 2) to compare these trends to population-matched controls. Methods: Patients undergoing primary TKR between 2015 and 2019 were identified within the Clinical Practice Research Datalink AURUM, a nationally representative English primary care dataset. Cases were matched to controls by 5-year age-band, sex, and practice using risk-set sampling. Patient demographics, year of TKR and comorbidities, including depression, were described. Annual prevalence with 95% confidence intervals (CI) and prevalence rate ratios (PRR) of prescribing in the 10 years prior to TKR/matched index date were estimated using Poisson regression. Overall prescribing trends, as well as those by medication type, were stratified by age, sex, geographical region and year of TKR. Results: 47,045 cases were identified, matched 1:1 to controls. More cases had depression and musculoskeletal conditions (11.4%, 80.6%, respectively) than controls (9.6%, 62.2%). Prevalence of neuropathic pain medication prescribing from 10- to 1-year pre-TKR increased within both cases and controls from 6.8% (95% CI 6.5-7.0) to 17.2% (16.8-17.54), and from 5.0% (4.8-5.2) to 9.8% (9.5-10.1), respectively (Figure 1). Prescribing was higher among cases than controls in all years studied. PRR increased consistently towards TKR, increasing from 1.35 (1.28, 1.42) to 1.75 (1.69, 1.81). PRR was highest in females (>1.7 in the final two years preceding TKR) and those aged 45-49 (>3.5 across same time period). Amitriptyline was the most commonly prescribed medication across cases and controls in all years preceding TKR; PRR was highest for gabapentin and pregabalin (>1.8 in final two years). Stratification by index year suggested a possible cohort effect, with the increase in prescribing slowing by 2016-2017. Conclusions: Patients undergoing TKR are more likely to receive prescriptions for amitriptyline, duloxetine, gabapentin or pregabalin, than general population controls. In each of the final two years prior to TKR, over 15% of cases will receive at least one prescription for a neuropathic medication, despite no national guidance recommending their use in osteoarthritis. Most notably, a substantial minority of patients waiting for TKR - particularly female, younger TKR candidates, and those living in less affluent regions in the North of England - are prescribed anti-epileptic and antidepressant medications. Previous findings, together with current evidence on temporal patterns of prescribing, suggest that at least some of this is off-label prescribing for OA pain control. Additional pharmacological options for managing osteoarthritis pain, as well as greater access to non-pharmacological core treatments, prior to surgical intervention, are required. [Formula presented] Prevalence of Prescribing in Cases and Controls, by Any and Stratified by Patient Sex ER  - 
The burden of mental disorders in Mexico, 1990-2019: Mental and neurological disorders, substance use, suicides, and related somatic disorders$$$ Introduction: Mental, neurological, substance use, suicide, and related somatic disorders (MNSS, for the Spanish acronym) have a negative impact on the quality-of-life of people and the Mexican economy, but updated information is lacking. The objective of this work is to analyze the disability adjusted life years (DALYs) of the MNSS in Mexico by sex, age, state, and degree of marginalization between 1990 and 2019. Methods: The data and methodology of the «Global Burden of Disease Group» (GBD) are used. The GBD calculates DALYs as the sum of two components: years of life lost due to premature mortality (YLL) and years lived with disability (YLD). Likewise, the data on the degree of marginalization from the National Population Council in Mexico are used. Results: MNSS represented 16.3% of the disease burden in the Mexican population in 2019. The trend of the age-standardized rates of DALYs of the MNSS has increased little from 1990 to 2019. The highest increase has been for women. Mental (depression) and neurological (headache) disorders contribute the most to the disease burden among MNSS. In the interior of the country, Baja California Sur presented the highest increase in the period. Discussion: The results show a complex panorama of the MNSS and its subtypes by sex, age groups and territory. More resources are needed to improve mental health care. ER  - 
Transient Febrile reaction after Electroconvulsive Therapy : A case report in an adult man with Ultra- Resistant Schizophrenia$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a therapeutic method that induces artificial seizure by electrical stimulation to resolve various psychiatric symptoms. ECT is particularly effective in resistant schizophrenia and may improve response to medication despite the presence of potential adverse side effects. Post-ECT delirium and Headaches are some of the most frequent side effects presented in literature. Fever is yet another unexplained reaction, however there are a few case reports and retrospective studies that report on it. Objectives: We aim to illustrate through a clinical case and a review of literature the prevalence of post ECT fever as well as the possible explanatory mechanisms. Methods: In this study we report the case of a man with ultraresistant schizophrenia who was treated successfully with ECT despite the development of transient febrile reaction and we present a review of literature on pubmed using the following key words : ECT, fever, resistant psychosis, mechanisms. Results: Our patient is a 48-year-old man with a psychiatric history of schizophrenia evolving since the age of 34. He has a history of matricide in 2021 resulting in his hospitalisation in a forensic psychiatric ward. He underwent trials of classic and atypical antipsychotics that weren't efficacious thus he was diagnosed with resistant schizophrenia in 2022. He was treated initially with clozapine 500 mg per day and then with the association (clozapine + amisulpride) yet it wasn't effective on his persecutory delirium and fratricide ideas. Plus, there was no reduction in his PANSS (Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale) scores. The diagnosis of ultraresistant schizophrenia was established. The staff indicated the adjunction of ECT to Clozapine. In the inpatient unit, hours after his fourth ECT session he developed a fever (40°C), his blood pressure (120/80 mm Hg), pulse(85 beats per minute),and respiratory rate(20 breaths per minute) were normal. Blood samples, including cultures, were drawn, which showed normal blood cell count and CPK(140U/L) but CRP was elevated (31 U/L), a chest x-ray showed no acute pulmonary disease, and his urinalysis result and Covid test were negative. His fever resolved then spontaneously after two hours. The same transient febrile reaction occurred again 3 times. It was postulated in literature that fever may be due to inadequate muscle reaction. Data also suggested the potential influence of ECT on the hypothalamus that is a key region in regulating body temperature. Conclusions: Further studies are required in order to establish the real prevalence of this side effect and its possible causes. ER  - 
Clinical and electroencephalographic particularities of children and adolescents with behavioral disorders$$$ Introduction: Behavioral disorders are a frequent reason for consultation in child psychiatry. Children and adolescents with epilepsy are at risk of behavioral disorders that can affect their quality of life. Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the electroencephalographic aspects of children with behavioral disorders and to determine the prevalence of comorbidity with epilepsy. Methods: This was a retrospective descriptive study conducted from January 2019 to May 2022. We included all children and adolescents referred to the functional explorations department at Habib Bourguiba hospital, Tunisia for Electroencephalogram (EEG) as part of a workup to explore a behavioral disorder. Results: A total of 117 patients were included in the study. The mean age was 14 ±4.2 years. The sex ratio was 1.29. Agitation was reported in 66.7% of patients. One case of attempted suicide was noted. Among these patients, 29.9% reported audiovisual hallucinations. Concentration difficulties were associated with 59% of cases. Ten patients had a history of epileptic seizures. Of the 117 EEGs performed, 59.8% were pathological. The abnormalities observed were paroxysms in 67.1% of cases and focal slowing in 25.7%. Five patients had a rapid rhythm on the EEG. An absencetype electro-clinical seizure was recorded in one patient. Patients with visual hallucinations had epileptiform abnormalities of occipital location in 41.7% of cases, and slow waves of anterior location in 50% of cases. Patients with auditory hallucinations had parietal epileptiform abnormalities in 89% of cases. Conclusions: Ictal and interictal manifestations seem to play a part in the genesis of behavioral disorders in children and adolescents. An EEG would therefore be preferable in this age group, for better management. ER  - 
I smell something weird - Ictal olfactory hallucinations in patients with primary brain tumors$$$ Introduction: Ictal olfactory hallucinations (the experience of a smell due to a focal seizure in the absence of an environmental stimulus for the sensation) are rare. They often appear in a context of a brain tumor located in the orbitofrontal or mesotemporal region. However, their accurate prevalence, etiology and anatomical origin remains unclear, as few studies focused on this type of seizures specifically. Objectives: To evaluate the clinical, neurophysiological and imaging characteristics of patients with brain tumors and olfactory seizures. Methods: We present a 3-year retrospective patient record study carried out at the Portuguese Institute of Oncology in Lisbon. Clinical records of 572 patients admitted due to a primary Central Nervous System (CNS) tumor, for their first neurooncology appointment, between July 2020 and July 2023, were reviewed. Results: 8 patients with olfactory seizures were identified. Five were men. The mean age was 57.75 (ages between 15 and 70 years old). In seven patients, olfactory seizures constituted the initial clinical presentation of the tumor. In two patients, focal olfactory seizures had progression to bilateral tonic clonic. Most seizures were perceived as unpleasant (smells of metal, ammonia, 'hot blood', 'dead bodies' were described). Tumors involved the temporal lobe in all patients, the insula in two of them and, for the majority, the lesion was right-sided. Six patients were diagnosed with Glioblastoma IDH wildtype (Grade 4, WHO), one patient with Oligodendroglioma, IDH-mutated and 1p/19q-codeleted (Grade 2, WHO) and the pediatric patient with a diffuse pediatric type high-grade glioma, H3 and IDH wildtype. The average follow-up time was 6.8 months, two patients died. Conclusions: This is the first retrospective study carried out in Portugal that documents the prevalence of olfactory seizures in patients with primary CNS tumors. Given the scarce literary evidence, we consider that olfactory seizures may be more frequent than documented, particularly in the presentation of brain tumors. As so, active semiological investigation may contribute to an earlier diagnosis. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric Manifestations and Complications Related to Juvenile Systemic Lupus Erythematosus$$$ Objective: To determine the clinical presentation and associated complications in juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) with neurological involvement. Background: Juvenile SLE is a chronic autoimmune pathology that impacts several body systems and is characterized by alternating periods of remission and relapses. Neuropsychiatric involvement is present in up to 20% of pediatric patients. Clinical manifestations are an indicator of severity in the disease and the most common are increased intracranial pressure and chronic headache, due to damage occurring to central and peripheral nerves influenced by hormonal, genetic and environmental factors. Design/Methods: A retrospective cross-sectional study, in which medical records of patients hospitalized between 2018 - 2023, diagnosed with SLE by SLICC 2012 and American College of Rheumatology (ACR) criteria from a referral pediatric Hospital were reviewed. Statistical analyses were performed in SPSS 25 Results: Forty-eight patients were identified in a female to male ratio (3:1), with an average age of 10.75 ± 2.78 years. Neuropsychiatric manifestations were present in 58.3% of patients, the most common were headache (27.1%), anxiety (15.6%), depression (14.6%), seizures (10.4%), confusion (4.2%) and cerebral infarction (4.2%). In the laboratory, ANA was positive in 96.4% of patients and 89.2% had hypocomplementemia. Complications, including progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, occurred in 47.9%. Finally, the resulting mortality was 10.7%. There was no significant association between clinical manifestations and mortality, but there was a significant association with higher hospital admissions p ≤ 0.007. Conclusions: Neuropsychiatric involvement in juvenile SLE is joint and its incidence appears to be related to increased disease activity, potentially leading to severe complications such as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. Despite a low mortality rate in our study, the need for further investigations is suggested for a more complete understanding of the disease in this population. ER  - 
Emergency Department Treatment of Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures: A Retrospective Chart Review1$$$ Objective: To describe the characteristics and management of psychogenic non-epileptic seizure (PNES) presenting to an urban emergency department (ED). Background: PNES is a unique diagnostic challenge with a high rate of misdiagnosis in the ED. It is imperative to study the characteristics of PNES presentations to better inform future clinical judgement and guide acute management. Design/Methods: Between June and December 2018, 996 seizure-related visits at three urban EDs were reviewed and patients presenting with PNES were identified. Data was collected on patient demographics, seizure history, and hospital course; including ED treatment, ED diagnostics, and discharge information. Patients presenting with syncope or medication refills were excluded. Results: We identified 32 patient encounters presenting with PNES (3.2%). The median age was 38 years and 84.3% were female. Of all encounters, 31.2% had an established history of PNES, 40.6% had a prior history of epilepsy, and 6.2% had both diagnoses. Less than half were on home anti-seizure medications (ASM) prior to the ED visit (43.8%). Overall, 40.6% received acute medication administration including benzodiazepines (25%) and/or ASM loading dose (28.1%). Acute neurodiagnostic included CT head imaging (31.2%) and EEG (9.3%). There were five inpatient admissions (15.6%), and Neurology service was consulted for 9.3% of all encounters. ASMs were prescribed upon discharge for 25% of encounters. Of these patient encounters, 37.5% had a subsequent representation for PNES or seizure of unknown type. Conclusions: PNES are not a commonly identified presentation to the ED. Patients identified as PNES in the ED are more likely to have a previous diagnosis of PNES/epilepsy. Despite clinical diagnosis of PNES, less than half of the patients received acute medication administration and almost one third received acute neuroimaging. Further ER studies are needed to improve identification of PNES patients to reduce the cost and burden of treatment and diagnostic studies. ER  - 
CAMKV Autoimmune Paraneoplastic Encephalitis$$$ Objective: To report a novel paraneoplastic encephalitis associated with calmodulin kinase-like vesicle associated (CAMKV)-IgG antibody. Background: Uterine cancer is historically associated with paraneoplastic cerebellar ataxia but not encephalitis. High-throughput protein microarrays expedite novel neural antibody discovery. Design/Methods: Unclassified antibodies identified by murine brain-based indirect immunofluorescence assay (IFA) October 2022-September 2023 with cerebrum-restricted IgG staining (cerebellum negative) were screened by protein microarray and CAMKV identified as a high-ranking candidate antigen. Additional patient samples with an identical staining pattern were obtained retrospectively (serum, 3; CSF, 3). Western blot, confocal microscopy, immune-absorption and mass spectrometry were performed to elucidate CAMKV specificity further. Recombinant antigen-specific assays (cell-based assay [CBA], western blot) provided additional molecular confirmation. Results: Five patients with CAMKV-IgG were identified, 3 women; 2 men (median symptom-onset age was 59 years; range, 53-74). All samples (serum 4, CSF 3) were tissue IFA and CAMKV CBA positive. Onset was subacute (4) or acute (1). All had encephalitis manifesting with ≥1 of: behavioral change (3), seizures (3), psychosis (2), amnesia (2), hyperkinetic movements (tremor [1], choreiform movements [1]), insomnia (2). None had cerebellar ataxia. CSF revealed lymphocytic pleocytosis (median, 17; range, 8-74 [normal, ≤5]) in all 4 available. EEG was abnormal in 3 of 4 (subclinical electrographic seizures [2], bilateral epileptiform discharges [1]). T2 hyperintensities present in all patients were: mesial temporal (4), bilateral basal ganglia (3). Diffusion weighted lesions affected right paramedian frontal and parietal lobes (1), and bilateral anterior cingulate gyri (1). Cancers detected were uterine (3 patients: adenocarcinoma [2; 1 poorly differentiated], neuroendocrine [1]), bladder (1), non-Hodgkin lymphoma (1). Two patients developed encephalitis following immune checkpoint inhibitor cancer therapy (atezolizumab [1], pembrolizumab [1]). All 5 demonstrated an initial response to immunotherapy (corticosteroids [4], IVIG [2]); 3 patients died from cancer. Conclusions: CAMKV-IgG is a biomarker of immunotherapy-responsive paraneoplastic encephalitis (limbic and extra-limbic) notably associated with uterine cancer. ER  - 
Diffusion Tensor Imaging in Pediatric NMDAR Encephalitis with Grossly Normal MRI Reveals Widespread Changes of Subcortical Microstructure Compared to Healthy Controls$$$ Objective: To compare the microstructural subcortical white matter changes in children with NMDAR encephalitis and grossly normal MRIs to that of age- and sex-matched healthy controls. Background: Pediatric NMDAR encephalitis is an antibody-mediated autoimmune neuropsychiatric condition characterized by focal weakness, language deficits, seizures, movement disorder, psychosis, and autonomic dysfunction. Children often have normal MR imaging of the brain at presentation, obscuring-and potentially delaying-any potential neurologic workup. Deficits in NMDAR encephalitis may be associated with previously unidentified microstructural changes. Design/Methods: This is a case control study comparing diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) in children with NMDAR encephalitis (n=10) to those of age- and sex-matched healthy controls (n=30). Most control patients were evaluated with MRI for headache and all images obtained in both groups were performed on the same equipment. In brief, the FMRIB Software Library (Oxford) suite was used to compare tract-based spatial statistics (TBSS) of DTI data following a standardized sequence of denoising, removing artifacts, aligning images, and performing voxel-based statistics. Results: Children with NMDAR encephalitis and grossly normal MRIs (n=10) had significantly reduced fractional anisotropy (FA) in the internal capsule, corpus callosum, superior longitudinal fasciculus, inferior longitudinal fasciculus, and arcuate fasciculus, all affecting the right-side greater than left (p<0.05), compared to healthy controls (n=30). On average, the NMDAR encephalitis group had significantly higher mean diffusivity (MD) and radial diffusivity (RD) in the same subcortical white matter regions, overall indicating reduced axonal caliber, myelination, and perhaps long-tract atrophy compared to controls. Conclusions: Pediatric NMDAR encephalitis with grossly normal MRI may be identified by microstructural changes on DTI. These changes correlate to pediatric NMDAR encephalitis symptoms and may represent the underlying pathogenesis of disease. Future studies are needed to evaluate the dynamic nature of subcortical white matter microstructural changes over the course of disease. ER  - 
Residual Symptoms, Recovery & Predictors of Long-term Sequalae After Autoimmune Encephalitis$$$ Objective: To investigate residual symptoms, recovery, and long-term sequelae in autoimmune encephalitis (AE). Background: Knowledge of outcomes and long-term sequelae is important for patient care and counseling in AE, but the data remain limited. Design/Methods: Retrospective chart review of 182 patient charts meeting definite AE criteria evaluated at the Autoimmune Neurology Clinic, Mayo Clinic (January 2006-December 2020). After the last AE attack, 143 had follow-up for ≥12-24 months and 119 had follow-up >24 months. Results: Antibody positivities among the 182 were: LGI1 (60), GAD65, (32), NMDA-R (25), seronegative (18), GFAP (11), CASPR2 (9), DPPX (7), ANNA1 (6), MOG (6), Ma2 (6) and other (22). Median number of attacks was 1 (range, 1-5). After the last attack residual symptoms were: cognitive difficulties (97/143, 68%, during the initial 12-24 months; and 63/119, 53%, at the last follow-up), seizures (38/143, 27%, and 31/119, 26%), depression (27/143, 19%, and 27/119, 23%), sleep disorders (36/143, 25%, and 23/119, 19%), movement disorders (15/143, 10%, and 17/119, 14%), brainstem symptoms (18/143, 13%, and 16/119, 13%), dysautonomia (16/143, 11%, and 15/119, 13%), chronic pain (10/143, 7%, and 13/119, 11%), and fatigue (20/143, 14% and 12/119, 10%). At last follow-up, 100/119 (84%) achieved mRS≤2, which was associated with mRS<4 at attack (p=0.021) and lack of CSF pleocytosis (p=0.019). Factors associated with dementia after AE included delayed treatment (p=0.044) and neuronal nuclear/cytoplasmic antibody positivity (p=0.034). Factors associated with post-AE epilepsy were: focal to bilateral tonic clonic seizure (p=0.023) during the attack, multiple anti-epileptic medication use (p=0.008), and medial temporal atrophy (p=0.027). Of 182 patients, 20 (11%) died, and the most common cause of death was neurological deterioration. Conclusions: Post-AE, diverse neurological, psychiatric and sleep problems are reported. A significant proportion of patients achieved independence in daily activities within two years post-attack. These findings and factors associated with long-term sequelae may assist in counselling at diagnosis. ER  - 
Inpatient Psychiatry Consultations in Patients Admitted to Neurology$$$ Objective: To identify the most common reasons for psychiatric consultations for patients admitted to the inpatient general neurology service, as well as final diagnoses and recommendations. Background: Patients admitted to neurology often suffer from comorbid psychiatric conditions. Historically branching from the same field, psychiatry and neurology share conditions affecting the same organ. Nevertheless, the two branches have become increasingly specialized, as reflected in their distinct scope of practice and training programs. Therefore, academic programs must be selective about what to teach about each specialty respectively. Design/Methods: All psychiatry consultations for patients admitted to the general neurology service at our institution were collected from 1/1/2022-10/12/2023. The chart review was performed using the STAnford Research Repository (STARR) tools. The protocol was approved by the Institutional Review Board from Stanford University (ID: 71292). Patients admitted to the epilepsy monitoring unit or stroke ward were excluded. Children were also excluded. Extracted data include demographics, reason for admission and consultation, diagnoses, and recommendations. Results: Our initial search identified 139 medical charts. After thorough chart review screening, 56 unique patients were included. The average age was 53.9 years with 48.2% of male. The most common reasons for consultation were agitation, anxiety, and psychosis. The most common diagnoses were delirium, anxiety disorders and adjustment disorder. The consultation recommendations ranged from adjustments of insomnia medications (ex: melatonin, ramelteon) to more complex antipsychotic management and involuntary psychiatric holds. Conclusions: With this data, we were able to summarize the main reasons for consulting psychiatry on the general neurology ward. In addition to identifying potential knowledge gaps, this information can be used to improve residency and fellowship curricula and ultimately patient care. We also hope to increase collaborations between our deeply related disciplines. Next steps include conducting the inverse study about neurology consultations in patients admitted to psychiatry. ER  - 
Characterization of Social Determinants of Health in Patients with Anti-NMDAR Encephalitis$$$ Objective: To characterize the social determinants of health (SDOH) impacting anti-NMDAR encephalitis patients. Background: Anti-NMDAR encephalitis is a rare autoimmune neurologic condition characterized by complex neuropsychiatric symptoms including psychosis, behavioral changes, memory deficits, seizures, abnormal movements, and autonomic dysregulation. Preliminary analysis of population databases by our group showed that many of our patients encountered multiple SDOH inequities, having lived in disadvantaged areas compared to both the state and national average. Design/Methods: This is a patient-reported outcome study of 24 anti-NMDAR encephalitis patients from the University of Utah Health seen between January 2012 - August 2022. We captured SDOH related to economic stability, educational access, healthcare access, neighborhood environment, and community support via telephone interview, while correlating this with retrospectively collected clinical outcomes. Results: 58.3% (n=14) were male and 50% (n=12) were white/non-Hispanic. Average age of diagnosis was 24.8 [5-82]. The median time from symptom onset to confirmatory NMDAR IgG Antibody Assay was 25.5 days. Distribution of insurance revealed 37.5% (n=9) had private insurance, 45.8% (n=11) had government insurance, 4.2% (n=1) had a combination of private and government insurance, and 12.5% (n=3) of patients were uninsured. Further sensitivity analysis will be conducted to understand the correlation between individual SDOH and clinical outcomes. Conclusions: We have previously determined that patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis in this cohort represent the moderately to moderate-to-most disadvantaged populations within a large catchment area. This study will further categorize specific SDOH related to economic stability, educational access, healthcare access, neighborhood environment, and community support in this patient population through one-on-one phone interviews. Identification of the SDOH obstacles encountered by this population will enable us to identify modifiable factors which can promote timely diagnosis and to direct interventions informed by patient reported SDOH. ER  - 
A Pain in the Brain: A Case Series of Painful Seizures$$$ Objective: To describe the clinical course of eight patients with focal epilepsy and painful semiology, thereby contributing to a better understanding of this frequently misdiagnosed condition. Background: Painful seizures are a rare presentation of epilepsy, historically categorized into: Unilateral, Cephalic, and Abdominal. The reported prevalence ranges from 0.002% to 2.8%. Design/Methods: Eight patients with painful seizures were identified in a cohort of Epilepsy patients at our Comprehensive Epilepsy Center. Variables including demographics, presentation, management, and outcomes were collected through a retrospective chart review. A descriptive analysis of the findings were done. Results: Among eight ictal pain cases, two were abdominal, three unilateral, one whole body, one cephalic and one thoracic. Six were initially misdiagnosed: nonepileptic events (3), panic attacks (2), migraines (1). Final localization was based on: stereotactic EEG (sEEG) (4), MRI/scalp EEG (1), scalp EEG/PET (2), and semiology-based (1). The epileptogenic areas for the four sEEG cases were opercular (2), insular (1), and middle-middle temporal gyrus (1). Outcomes included: medication responsive (2), incomplete resection of epileptogenic zone (due to overlap with Broca's area) followed by RNS failure to control painful seizures but improvement in other seizure types (1), failure to control seizures with insular resection and laser ablation with ongoing surgical workup (1), seizure freedom following anterior temporal lobectomy (1), stable pre- to post-RNS at one month follow-up (1), ongoing pre-surgical workup (1), and lost to follow-up (1). Conclusions: Painful seizures can mimic headache disorders, neuralgias, musculoskeletal pain, visceral pain and non-epileptic spells. Thereported prevalence of painful seizures is a likely underestimation due to misdiagnosis secondary to the diagnosticchallenge. Our thoracic/chest pain type of ictal pain suggests a new semiology and may provide localizing value. Key toavoiding misdiagnosis is exploring spell characteristics suggestive of epilepsy especially when appropriate painmanagement fails. Painful seizures commonly indicate involvement of insular and/or opercular zones. ER  - 
Characteristics and Co-morbidities of Autism Spectrum Disorder as Predictors of Severity: A National Survey in the United States$$$ Objective: This study aimed to assess the common clinical characteristics of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). In the next step, clinical features associated with the severity of ASD were identified. Background: ASD consists of a heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorders with impairments in social communication, repetitive behaviors, and restricted interests. This condition is associated with several co-morbidities which significantly affect the quality of life. Therefore, individuals with ASD should undergo screening for common co-morbidities to enable early diagnosis and treatment. Design/Methods: Data of National Survey of Children's Health (NSCH) in the US from 2020 to 2021 were used in this study. We included 79,182 children and adolescents aged between 3 to 18 years for the analysis. The mean age of these individuals was 10.1 (standard deviation: 4.6), and 2,568 (3.2%) had ASD diagnosis. Results: Our analysis showed that ASD is more common in males (78.7%) than females (21.3%). Additionally, ASD was more prevalent among families with lower income levels. We found that 96.4% of patients developed at least one co-morbid condition. The most common neuropsychiatric co-morbidities included developmental delay (64%), behavioral and conduct problems (57.8%) and anxiety (45.7%). The odds of intellectual disability (odds ratio, OR: 5.8), developmental delay (OR: 5.0), Down syndrome (OR: 4.5), epilepsy (OR: 3.4), cerebral palsy (OR: 3.0), vision problems (OR: 2.5), and genetic disorders (OR: 2.3) were significantly higher among severe cases Conclusions:The presence of numerous co-morbidities in individuals with ASD, often linked to increased ASD severity, demonstrates thecritical importance of comprehensive screening, early diagnosis, and targeted treatment strategies to enhance the overallhealth and well-being of these individuals. ER  - 
Investigating Racial/Ethnic Disparities and Associated Risk Factors of Post-traumatic Epilepsy Following Traumatic Brain Injury in Hawai'i$$$ Objective: Investigating potential racial disparities and associated baseline comorbidities in patients admitted for post-traumatic epilepsy (PTE) following traumatic brain injury (TBI) in the unique, minority-majority population of the Hawaiian Islands. Background: Racial and ethnic minority groups in the United States experience a higher incidence of TBI and TBI-associated complications. Despite this, minority populations continue to remain underrepresented in TBI empirical studies. PTE is a common complication of TBI in both the acute and chronic setting and is defined as seizures occurring within one week following head trauma. Prior studies have shown that Black patients experience PTE at a higher rate than White patients following TBI. Whether such discrepancies exist among Asians, Native Hawaiians (NH), and Other Pacific Islanders (PI) remain unknown. Design/Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using administrative claims data from all hospitals in Hawaii, identifying patients who were admitted for traumatic brain injury between 2005 and 2017. We then tracked these patients to determine if they had subsequent visits with a diagnosis of epilepsy. Sociodemographic information and baseline comorbid conditions were collected to account for potential cofounders. Results: We identified 8217 total TBI cases across 8 different racial groups, among whom 157 (1.9%) developed PTE. Japanese patients faced the lowest odds of PTE [OR: 0.30; 95% CI: 0.30, 0.85; p≤0.01]. Independent risk factors for PTE were Medicaid [OR: 2.49; 95% CI: 1.32, 4.73; p≤0.01] and Medicare [OR: 2.26; 95% CI: 1.18, 4.35; p≤0.01] recipients and a history of alcohol usedisorder [OR: 1.68; 95% CI: 1.08, 2.61; p≤0.02].Conclusions:Relative to other races, Japanese patients faced the lowest odds of developing epilepsy following TBI. Other independentrisk factors for PTE were Medicaid or Medicare recipients and those with a history of alcohol use disorder. More in-depthstudies are necessary to explore the socioeconomic and healthcare elements potentially driving our findings. ER  - 
People with Epilepsy (PWE and Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder (ADHD)/Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD$$$ Objective: To determine the relationship between epilepsy and ADHD/ADD Background: The association between epilepsy and comorbid ADHD/ADD is still under-recognized in clinical practice, even though the well-established bidirectional connection has been noted. Studies have shown a potential relationship between focal and generalized epilepsy with ADHD/ADD. Design/Methods: Patients diagnosed with epilepsy and ADD/ADHD were included in the study population from our epilepsy database (2019- present). Patients with ADHD was analyzed from the epilepsy database using SPSS software, variables were compared using chi-square test and means of groups were compared using t-test. Results: There are 3025 patients in the epilepsy database out of which 237 had ADHD/ADD. About 48.6% were men and 51.4% were women. The mean age was 38.70±25.8 years in the PWE without ADHD/ADD while in the ADHD group the mean age was 32.65±20.15 (pvalue <0.01). The mean age of onset of seizure in the ADHD group was 22.33±20.16 years vs 26.04±22.13 years in the PWE without ADHD/ADD group (p-value <0.05). Among the ADHD group 33.8% had focal epilepsy compared to 38.5% in the PWE without ADHD/ADD (p-value 0.164). There was an increased incidence of generalized epilepsy in the ADHD group compared to the control group (39% vs 31.9% p value <0.05). Furthermore, there was an increased correlation of Childhood Absence Epilepsy (CAE) in the ADHD group (21.5% vs 6.1% p-value <0.001). EEG data was available for 180 patients in the ADHD group out of which 54 showed epileptiform changes compared to 1388 in the PWE withoutADHD/ADD, out of which 183 showed epileptiform changes (30% vs 13.1% p-value 0.08). Conclusions: In this study, patients with ADHD have a higher incidence of generalized epilepsy and more specifically CAE. Our studystrengthens the point that ADHD is significantly associated with childhood absence epilepsy. ER  - 
Increased Incidence of Comorbidities in Patients with Uncontrolled Epilepsy$$$ Objective: To evaluate incident comorbidities in adults with epilepsy taking antiseizure medication (ASM). Background: Medical comorbidities are common in people with epilepsy and can impact their medical care and quality of life. Design/Methods: Adults (18 years) with epilepsy (ICD-10-CM G40∗) taking 1 ASM between 1/1/2015-12/31/2021 were identified from the HealthVerity Marketplace Private Source 20 claims database. Patients had to have 360 days of pharmacy/medical enrollment before and after initiating ASM line of therapy (LOT, defined as dispensing of an ASM for 30 days). Uncontrolled epilepsy was defined as 1 of the following: seizure-related inpatient or emergency room visit, or new ASM LOT initiation during follow-up. Uncontrolled patients were matched with controlled patients using propensity matching. In each cohort, we compared time-to-first occurrence of new comorbidities after initiating first or third observed LOT up to 720 days after an uncontrolled event. Comorbidities assessed were atrial fibrillation, diabetes, high cholesterol, hypertension, obesity, alcohol/substance abuse disorder, mood disorder, nonepileptic seizures, psychiatric disorders, sleep disorders, brain trauma, dementia/Alzheimer's disease, migraine, status epilepticus, and stroke. Results: 78,714 unique patients received first LOT; 64,031 received third LOT. 57% and 56% of first and third LOT patients, respectively, had uncontrolled epilepsy within the first 360 days after initiating ASM. The incidence of all assessed comorbidities except diabetes, high cholesterol, hypertension, and obesity were increased in the uncontrolled vs controlled cohorts following first LOT (hazard ratios ranging from 1.02 for sleep disorders to 2.92 for non-epileptic seizures). In most cases, hazard ratios increased following third compared to first LOT, and all comorbidities except high cholesterol were increased in uncontrolled vs controlled cohorts following third LOT. Conclusions: Patients with uncontrolled epilepsy had a higher incidence of new comorbidities than patients with controlled epilepsy after starting their first and third observed ASM. Further work is needed to examine the nature of these relationships. ER  - 
Depression in Older Adults with Epilepsy: A Crosssectional Study Examining Prevalence, Risk Factors, and Socio-demographic Correlates in the Detroit Metropolitan Geriatric Population$$$ Objective: To study the occurrence of depression in the geriatric epilepsy patient population and associated factors. Background: Epilepsy in older adults poses a unique set of challenges associated with managing chronic seizures in the setting of disability, cognitive decline, and dependence. Depression is a common comorbidity of epilepsy, and may be underdiagnosed and undertreated Design/Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted at the epilepsy outpatient clinic at Wayne State University. Subjects (age 55 years) with epilepsy were consented to participate in the study with IRB approval. Non-English speakers were excluded. Survey questions included patient demographics, seizure frequency, number of anti-seizure medications (ASM), the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) and Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD-7). Descriptive analysis to assess the occurrence of depression, and logistic regression analysis was conducted to find an association of depression with demographic factors while controlling anxiety. Results: A total of 127 unique epilepsy patients 55 years old were included, out of whom 49.2% were males, 84% identified as Black persons, 28% were on 2 or more ASMs. Positive depression results (NDDI-E 15) were present in 23.6% of the patients, 53.3% of whom were females. Average NDDI-E score was 10.7 (±4.4) On the NDDI-E score breakdown, most feelings of depression were related to every day struggling (86%), feeling guilty (76%), feeling frustrated (90%), whereas suicidalideation was present in six (20%) of patients with depression. Logistic regression of age, gender, race, number of ASMs andseizure frequency did not show a significant relationship when controlled for anxiety.Conclusions:Depression remains a significant comorbidity in older adults living with epilepsy. Findings of this study underscore theimportance of screening for depression and suicidal ideation in this patient population. ER  - 
Differences in Delivery Type, Breastfeeding Initiation, and Length of Postpartum Hospitalization in Patients with Epilepsy within a Single Hospital System$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to assess whether differences exist in delivery types and obstetric outcomes in patients with epilepsy (PWE) versus patients without epilepsy (PWoE) in a diverse hospital system. Background: PWE account for 0.3% to 0.5% of all births annually. PWE have higher obstetric healthcare utilization and lower rates of breastfeeding initiation, while data on cesarean delivery rates is mixed. However, much of this data is limited to largely white and non-Hispanic populations. Design/Methods: This, retrospective, observational study compared obstetric and delivery outcomes between PWE and PWoE using electronic medical record data from 09/01/2018 to 05/31/2023 in a single multihospital system. Outcomes were compared using Chisquare, Fisher's Exact, or Mann-Whitney U tests. Following the preliminary study of categorical information with a p<0.05, post-hoc tests with Bonferroni adjustments were conducted. Results: Compared with PwoE (n≤33,575), PWE (n≤199) were more likely to undergo labor induction (44.2% vs. 37.4%; p≤0.049), have preterm deliveries (14.1% vs. 8.1%; p≤0.002), have longer (3 day) postpartum hospitalizations (32.8% vs. 24.8%; p≤0.009), have substance use disorder(s) (5.0% vs. 0.8%; p<0.001) and were less likely to initiate breastfeeding (82.2% vs. 89.9%; p≤0.001). A higher proportion of PWoE were non-English speakers (8.7% vs. 2.5%; p≤0.002) and never smoked (78.2% vs. 60.3%; p<0.001) compared to PWE. Though a higher proportion of PWE delivered neonates requiring intensive care (9.0% vs. 5.7%; p≤0.063) and had cesarean deliveries (37.2% vs. 31.5%; p≤0.084), the difference compared to PWoE was not statistically significant. The percentage of Hispanic or Latinx-identifying patients in our sample was higher than thenational average (26.9% vs. 19.1%).Conclusions:These findings support existing literature on breastfeeding, obstetrical healthcare utilization, and preterm deliveries in asample of PWE with greater Hispanic or Latinx representation. ER  - 
Using Large Language Models to Identify Candidates for Pediatric Epilepsy Surgery$$$ Objective: Evaluate two large language models' abilities to identify pediatric cases for epilepsy surgery, and recommend palliative or definitive procedures. Background: Only one-third of eligible children receive epilepsy surgery, with low rates in underserved populations. Surgical procedures include definitive procedures targeting seizure freedom (resection, ablation, disconnection) and palliative procedures aiming to reduce seizure frequency and/or severity. Large language models (LLMs) may be able to extract information from clinical notes and recommend surgical treatments. Design/Methods: We conducted a retrospective observational cohort study. We compiled surgical eligibility criteria via literature review and rapid qualitative analysis with input from 7 pediatric epileptologists. Notes and vignettes of children with refractory epilepsy were manually classified into “surgical” and “not surgical”; then “surgical” into “definitive” or “palliative”. PaLM 2 Bison (Google, Mountain View, CA) and GPT-4 (OpenAI, San Francisco, CA) LLMs were prompted using zero- and few-shot approaches. Performance was evaluated through sensitivity, specificity, and positive (PPV) and negative (NPV) predictive values. Results: Literature review and interviews indicated that seizures refractory to 2 or more anti-seizure medications would make a child eligible for epilepsy surgery. Factors favoring definitive surgery included concordant imaging, neuropsychological testing, and semiology; preservation of eloquent areas; and certain genetic mutations. For 24 cases, LLMs identified surgical candidates with >90% sensitivity using all approaches. The few-shot approach had the best overall performance, with 88.9% specificity for both LLMs; PPV of 93.3% for Bison, 93.8% for GPT-4; and NPV of 88.9% for Bison and 100% for GPT-4. Neither LLM effectively distinguished definitive vs palliative. Bison often memorized prompts and presented fabricated data (“hallucinations”), reducing specificity. Conclusions: Preliminary data suggest that LLMs can identify candidates for epilepsy surgery with >90% sensitivity. Performance for LLMs was highest with a few-shot approach. LLMs performed less well in distinguishing candidacy for definitive versus palliative procedures, and were impacted by hallucination and memorization. ER  - 
An Observational Study to Explore Burden of Epilepsy for Caregivers and Understand Perspectives of Health Care Providers in Argentina, China, and Taiwan$$$ Objective: The study aimed to identify and evaluate the burden of caring for an adult, adolescent, or child with epilepsy from the caregiver's perspective, and identify the perception and management of caregiver burden by healthcare providers (HCPs) and the drivers of decision-making in clinical practice. Background: Unpaid adult caregivers are important stakeholders in epilepsy management, and proper communication between HCPs and caregivers is needed to further enhance patient well-being. Design/Methods: This was a cross-sectional survey of caregivers of patients with epilepsy and HCPs treating patients with epilepsy. Results: 200 caregivers completed the survey, across China, Taiwan (each n≤65/200, 32.5%), and Argentina (n≤70/200, 35.0%). Caregivers commonly experienced emotional impacts, such as stress (66.5%), anxiety (58.5%), and depression (45.5%). Caregivers frequently reported impacts relating to work/school productivity, working hours (each 40.0%), or financial stress (24.5%). More than half of the caregivers were not comfortable discussing certain topics with HCPs including sleep (26%), work (22%), and sexual activity (20%). 200 HCPs completed the survey across China, Taiwan (each n≤70/200, 35.0%), and Argentina (n≤60/200, 30.0%). Most HCPs reported that caregivers discussed issues related to caregiving (93.0%). These included fatigue (85.0%), poor-quality sleep (68.0%), emotional impacts and stress (61.5% each), anxiety (57.0%), worry about the patient's future prospects(54.0%) [such as health status (56.5%), worsening of the condition (47.0%), seizure frequency (46.0%) and impact onquality of life (46.0%)], and loss of caregiver's work productivity/career opportunities (50.5%). Conclusions: Caregivers for patients with epilepsy experience emotional, physical, financial, work-related, and social impacts. Over three-quarters of HCPs reported caregivers sought emotional or moral support. This study identifies gaps in caregiver support andcan be a basis of future initiatives to improve needs of caregivers and gaps in family-healthcare provider communication, sothat they can partner with HCPs in the care of patient with epilepsy. ER  - 
Factors Associated with Risk for Depression in People with Epilepsy$$$ Objective: This study aims to identify factors associated with positive PHQ-9 screening scores in individuals with epilepsy and explore the risk factors for depression in Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander (NHPI) patients with epilepsy. Background: Depression is a prevalent comorbidity in individuals with epilepsy, affecting 32% of patients, significantly higher than the general population. To aid early identification and targeted interventions for depression in epilepsy patients, this study investigates factors associated with positive PHQ-9 screening scores. It also explores depression risk in NHPI patients with epilepsy. Design/Methods: This retrospective chart review included 126 adult patients diagnosed with epilepsy at a private outpatient neurology clinic in Honolulu, Hawaii. Patients without a prior epilepsy diagnosis or screened before 2015 were excluded. The analysis encompassed demographic and clinical variables, such as seizure etiology, comorbidities, and medications. Statistical analysis compared control and test groups. Results: The study identified 64 patients with positive PHQ-9 scores and 62 controls. Those with positive PHQ-9 scores were more likely to use nicotine, alcohol, marijuana, or controlled substances. Age, comorbidities, and mental health diagnoses correlated significantly with PHQ-9 scores. NHPI patients with positive PHQ-9 scores were more likely to have asthma, hypertension, and be overweight or obese. However, the frequency of depression diagnoses did not significantly differ between the groups Conclusions: This study confirmed the link between elevated depression scores and substance use, particularly nicotine, and identified age as amarginal factor. Patients with positive PHQ-9 scores were more likely to have other health problems and a diagnosis of depression. Thestudy did not find a relationship between seizure etiology and depression risk but also did not replicate previous findings regardingdepression risk and gender, unemployment, and polytherapy. The results provide valuable insights for healthcare providers. ER  - 
High Rates of Pregnancy Complications in Patients with Functional Seizures$$$ Objective: There is limited literature documenting risks and pregnancy outcomes in mothers with functional seizures (FS) with or without comorbid epilepsy. We hypothesized that FS diagnosis during pregnancy is associated with a higher rate of pregnancy complications. Background: Convulsive events during pregnancy can be associated with injuries to the mother and fetus through falls and decreased placental perfusion, irrespective of if these convulsions are epileptic or functional. Unfortunately, pregnancy-related complications are common in patients with epilepsy, and the rate of delivery by cesarean section is elevated in community, but not academic medical centers. FS are diagnosed in ∼30% of patients admitted for video-EEG monitoring, and 75% of patients with FS are women. FS also may occur during delivery, prompting delivery by cesarean section or misdiagnosis of eclampsia. Design/Methods: A retrospective chart review of over 800 charts of mothers delivering at a large academic medical center with the ICD-10 codes for pregnant plus either R56.9 (seizure) or F44.5 (conversion disorder with attacks or seizures) was performed. There were 25 mothers identified with the code for pregnant and F44.5 (68% were confirmed FS via video EEG monitoring). Eight mothers were identified as having both epilepsy and FS (32%). We evaluated the rate of pregnancy-related complications, pregnancy outcomes, co-morbid risk factors for FS and mode of delivery. Results: Data was collected for 34 pregnancies in 25 patients (mean age 26.1 years). Pregnancy related complications and outcomes included: preeclampsia/eclampsia (20%), gestational diabetes (6.7%), gestational hypertension (16.7%), placental abruption (one), stillbirth (one, 3%), NICU admission (13.3%), small for gestational age (16.7%) and cesarean section delivery (61%). Conclusions: Pregnancy complications occurred at a high incidence in patients with FS. The elevated cesarean section rate mirrors the elevated rate seen in patients with epilepsy. Other complications may be associated with common medical comorbidities of FS. ER  - 
Unraveling the Diagnostic Odyssey of Children with Nonmotor Focal Epilepsy$$$ Objective: This study aimed to conduct an in-depth analysis of children with non-motor seizures and their paths to diagnosis. Background: Individuals with focal epilepsy often face significant delays to diagnosis, which are particularly prominent in non-motor cases. These delays frequently lead to preventable morbidity and mortality. Design/Methods: This retrospective analysis utilized data from the Human Epilepsy Project, an international study that collected data from 34 sites from 2012-2017. Participants enrolled were 12 years, typically developing, and within 4 months of diagnosis of focal epilepsy. We used participant medical records to identify those with initial non-motor seizure semiology. Results: There were 36 children aged 11-18 years with non-motor onset focal epilepsy and detailed pre-diagnostic records. Median time to diagnosis was 9 months (ranging from 2 weeks to 10 years). Seizure descriptions included odd sensations, visual or auditory experiences, and emotions (most commonly anxiety or fear). A range of providers were seen prior to diagnosis, with one patient evaluated by over five. The most frequent evaluations were with emergency departments (31%) followed by neurologists (13.8%) and primary care (11%). Prior to epilepsy diagnosis, almost half (47.2%) received an alternate diagnosis, including syncope (5/17), dehydration (4/17), and psychiatric diagnoses (4/17). Other explanations included psychogenic non-epileptic events, headache, and first-lifetime seizure. Six children received multiple explanations (6/36). Fifty-eight percent were diagnosed only after conversion to motor seizures. The most prevalent consequences of delay were school disruption (6/36) and injuries during a subsequent motor seizure (5/36). Conclusions: This study illustrates the challenge of receiving a diagnosis of non-motor seizures, illustrating that many cases only come to attention after conversion to motor seizures and that many see providers early, only to be misdiagnosed. We describe details of the path to diagnosis in a cohort of children with the aim of increasing recognition of non-motor seizures and reducing diagnostic delays. ER  - 
Exploring the Impact of Observational Volume Loss and White Matter Changes on Cognitive Function and Mental Health Among Neurologically Healthy Older Adults$$$ Objective: To investigate the prevalence of incidental MRI findings among neurologically healthy older adults and the relationship of those incidental findings to cognitive and mental health outcomes. Background: Distinguishing between healthy brain aging and prodromal neurological disease is vital for early detection and prevention of neurological disorders, especially dementia, stroke, movement disorders, and epilepsy. Volume loss and white matter changes both occur with healthy aging and with development of neurological disease. Design/Methods: The Cleveland Clinic Brain Study is a longitudinal, observational study of neurologically healthy older adults collecting annual multimodal data including neuroimaging, self-report questionnaires, and neuropsychological testing. The baseline structural MRIs of 1125 participants (77.2% female, 87.9% white, aged 50 to 86, mean 61.4 years) have been qualitatively evaluated for incidental findings and systematically documented by a team of neuroradiologists. Groups were compared with two-sample t-tests or one-way ANOVA followed by Benjamini-Hochberg multiple testing correction. Results: Seventy percent of participants had abnormal MRI findings, including 60 participants requiring clinical action. Additionally, 12.6% showed volume loss, while 60.9% had white matter changes. Participants with volume loss were older (t(1124) ≤ 10.52), had worse memory performance (t(987) ≤ 3.09), and lower stress (t(831) ≤ 2.49) than those without. Depression symptoms increased with volume loss severity (F(1,134)≤ 10.64). Only age differed (t(1124) ≤ 4.92) between those with and without any white matter changes. More severe white matter changes were associated with increased age (F(2,678)≤ 22.21) and depression (F(2,678)≤ 4.57), yet with reduced anxiety (F(2,678)≤ 3.10) and stress (F(2,678)≤ 4.61). All reported tests had adjusted p-values less than 0.05. Conclusions: Our data demonstrate that, at baseline, volume loss severity and white matter change severity relate to several cognitive and mental health outcomes. Evaluating the relationship between these outcomes and structural MRI features over time will allow us to explore age- and disease-related patterns. ER  - 
Initial MRI, EEG, and CSF White Cell Count Are Abnormal in Children with Anti-NMDA Receptor Encephalitis with Isolated Psychiatric Symptoms$$$ Objective: To assess whether initial ancillary tests (brain magnetic resonance imaging-MRI, electroencephalogram-EEG, and/or cerebrospinal fluid-CSF white blood cell count) are abnormal in children with isolated psychiatric symptoms and antiNMDA receptor encephalitis. Background: Isolated psychiatric symptoms can be the initial symptom of pediatric anti-NMDA receptor autoimmune encephalitis (pNMDARE). However, the utility of initiating empiric immunotherapy prior to autoantibody test results is poorly understood. Identification of appropriate patients reduces risk of administering unnecessary treatment. Here we assess the characteristics of isolated new onset psychiatric symptoms in pNMDARE. Design/Methods: This multi-center retrospective cohort study from CONNECT (CONquering Neuroinflammation and Epilepsies ConsorTium) from 14 institutions included children under 18 years old who were diagnosed with pNMDARE from January 1, 2008 - September 1, 2022. Psychiatric symptoms were defined as the presence of catatonia, agitation, hallucinations, confusion, behavioral changes, anxiety, and suicidal ideation. Patients who had non-psychiatric symptoms (seizures, movement disorders, autonomic instability, speech changes, and hypoventilation) were excluded. Descriptive statistics using means and medians and comparisons for continuous versus discrete data were performed.Results: Out of 249 children included, twelve (5%) had only psychiatric symptoms without other typical clinical features of autoimmune encephalitis at presentation. All but one (11/12=92%) had at least one abnormal finding on initial ancillary testing: 8/12 (67%) had an abnormal EEG, 6/12 (50%) had an abnormal MRI, and 5/12 (42%) demonstrated CSF pleocytosis. The single patient with a normal MRI, EEG and CSF profile had low positive CSF NMDA antibody (titer of 1:1) and symptoms improved without immunotherapy. Conclusions: Isolated first episode psychiatric symptoms in pNMDARE is uncommon, and the majority of children will exhibit additional abnormalities on diagnostic testing (EEG, MRI, and/or CSF). Thus, it is reasonable to await diagnostic confirmation with antibody testing prior to starting immunotherapy in a patient with isolated psychiatric symptoms, especially without abnormal ancillary testing. ER  - 
Making the Diagnosis$$$ Objective: We aim to understand the value of a clinical adjudication committee in verifying the diagnosis of new onset focal epilepsy. Background: Human Epilepsy Project (HEP) 1 is a multicenter prospective observational study of newly treated focal epilepsy patients with a goal of identifying biomarkers predictive of patient prognosis. Significant effort was employed to ensure proper enrollment including an adjudication committee. Design/Methods: Subjects were submitted for enrollment if they were deemed to have a >80% likelihood of focal epilepsy and were seen within four months of treatment initiation. If subjects had a normal or no MRI/ EEG, or if eligibility was in question for any other reason, they were adjudicated by 4 expert epileptologists to establish a consensus agreement on the diagnosis. Details of history, MRI and EEG findings at time of enrollment for each group were analyzed, along with reasons for later disqualification. Results: 489 participants were enrolled, with 354 (72%) requiring adjudication. During the course of the study, 13 participants were later rejected for not having a diagnosis of focal epilepsy; 5/135 (3.7%) not adjudicated and 8/354 (2.3%) adjudicated. 10/13 ultimately did not have epilepsy (7 non-epileptic seizures, 1 long QT syndrome, and 2 others) and 3 had generalized epilepsy. At time of enrollment, 6 subjects had a normal EEG, 3 had no EEG, and 4 had an abnormal EEG. 7 subjects had a normal MRI, 3 had no MRI, and 3 had an abnormal MRI. Conclusions: Using strict enrollment criteria and an expert adjudication panel, only 2.6% (13/489) of those enrolled were later discovered not to have a diagnosis of focal epilepsy. Despite lacking MRI/EEG confirmation of focal epilepsy, those requiring adjudication had a lower rate of misdiagnosis when compared to those who did not require adjudication. . ER  - 
Does Discharge Diagnosis Determine Risk of Death? Mortality Following Admission to Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Epilepsy Centers of Excellence (ECoE) Epilepsy Monitoring Units (EMUs)$$$ Objective: To evaluate the prognostic significance of discharge diagnosis (i.e. epilepsy, psychogenic non-epileptic seizures [PNES], mixed epileptic and non-epileptic seizures, versus nondiagnostic admissions) on mortality following admission to VHA ECoE EMUs. Background: People with epilepsy and PNES have increased risk of premature mortality compared to the general population. Design/Methods: Retrospective observational cohort study of all Veterans admitted to VHA ECoE EMUs between 10/1/2011 and 9/26/2022 and entered in a national VHA ECoE EMU database. Exclusion criteria included incomplete patient identifiers (21.1% of cohort). Subjects were matched to VHA national administrative data, including date of death. Survival from time of EMU admission was calculated by discharge diagnosis using Kaplan-Meier curves and Cox hazard ratios (HR), and adjusted for age at time of admission, gender and Elixhauser weighted comorbidity index (ECI). Results: Among the 3,930 unique Veterans, 849 (21.6%) died before 2022. Decedents included 276 (31.9%) of 846 Veterans with epilepsy (median age 57 years in EMU, 88.8% male, ECI 11.6); 83 (12.4%) of 672 Veterans with PNES (median 47 years in EMU, 78.3% male, ECI 3.5); 12 (15.2%) of the 79 Veterans with mixed diagnoses (median 50 years in EMU; 79.8% male, ECI 5.7); and 715 (30.9%) of 2,315 Veterans with nondiagnostic admissions (median 57 years in EMU, 58.9% male, ECI 11.3). After adjusting for age, gender and ECI, Veterans with epilepsy had significantly increased risk of premature mortality, compared to Veterans with PNES (HR 1.76, 95% Wald CI 1.04-3.31) and mixed (HR 1.76, 95%CI 1.37-2.25) but not when compared to nondiagnostic admissions (HR 1.07, 95%CI 0.933-1.23). Conclusions: Veterans with epilepsy and nondiagnostic EMU admissions have significantly increased risk of death following discharge, when compared to Veterans with PNES or mixed PNES and epilepsy discharge diagnoses. . ER  - 
Ancillary Service Utilization Patterns in Functional Neurological Disorder Patients: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Objective: To assess healthcare utilization patterns and adherence to standard treatment of patients after receiving a diagnosis of a functional neurological disorder (FND). Background: FND is the second most common diagnosis presenting to neurology clinics. It is a rule in neuropathophysiological diagnosis made through neurological exam and, in some cases, functional brain imaging such as EEG. While the effectiveness of multidisciplinary management has been well-documented, less is known about the care pathways of FND patients in ancillary care and the potential differences in types and frequency of encounters between various presentations of FND cases. This study describes ancillary care utilization pre- and post-diagnosis in a cohort of FND patients. It will also describe potential differences in utilization between identified subtypes of FND - motor, sensory, seizures or attacks, and mixed - and other patient groupings that may emerge from study results of this heterogeneous sample. Design/Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study in which patients will be stratified into pre-diagnosis and post-diagnosis groups. The study period will be 48 months: 24 months before and 24 months after diagnosis. We will use MRN cross-matched clinical records to gather data which will include all patients at Ochsner Clinic Foundation with an International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) diagnosis of functional neurological disorder (F44.4-F44.7) via Epic Electronic Health Record) between January 1, 2012 and January 1, 2022. Inclusion criteria include patients with an ICD-coded diagnosis of FND with at least one encounter at an Ochsner facility between dates listed. Exclusion criteria include patients without a diagnosis of FND but with another functional presentation (i.e., irritable bowel syndrome, fibromyalgia). Results: The results of this promissory abstract are pending and will be complete by April 2024. In the last ten years, there were 6,492 patients with an FND diagnosis at this facility. Conclusions: N/A . ER  - 
Is There a Prodrome to NMOSD? An Investigation of Neurologic Symptoms Preceding the First NMOSD Attack$$$ Objective: To evaluate if patients with aquaporin-4 antibody positive (AQP4+) neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) have prodromal neurologic symptoms preceding the first NMOSD attack. Background: It is unknown whether patients with AQP4+ NMOSD experience a prodrome, although there are cases reported of positive AQP4 serology up to 16 years before the first attack. Design/Methods: We retrospectively reviewed medical records of patients from four demyelinating disease centres across Canada who were enrolled in the Canadian NMOSD and other atypical demyelinating diseases cohort study (CANOPTICS). Participants had a diagnosis of AQP4+ NMOSD by 2015 criteria. We searched for neurologic symptoms occurring at least 30 days before the first attack. We excluded episodes where diagnosis was delayed, but in retrospect symptoms were attacks consistent with 2015 criteria. Findings were summarized descriptively. Results: Out of 116 patients with AQP4+ NMOSD, 18 (15.5%) had prodromal neurologic symptoms. Median age was 48.5 years (range 25-83) at first attack; 17 (94.4%) were female. Patients had a history of numbness (n≤9), neuropathic pain (n≤5), visual disturbance (n≤4), tonic spasms (n≤2), Lhermitte sign (n≤2), severe headache (n≤2), incoordination (n≤2), weakness (n≤1), psychosis (n≤1), seizure (n≤1), or tremor (n≤1). Symptoms were constant (n≤11) or intermittent (n≤9), and 10 (55.6%) had more than one symptom. Five of 8 (62.5%) who underwent MRI had T2 hyperintense lesions that were not classic for NMOSD. Five (27.8%) had symptoms that persisted until their first attack, while 13 (72.2%) had complete resolution of symptoms with a median duration of 4 weeks (range 2 minutes-16 weeks). Within 1.5-245 months (median 16) patients experienced their first NMOSD attack with transverse myelitis (n≤10), optic neuritis (n≤5), area postrema syndrome (n≤1), brainstem/cerebellar syndrome (n≤1), or cerebral syndrome (n≤1). Conclusions: Some patients may experience prodromal neurologic symptoms prior to the first NMOSD attack. Further systematic investigation of a possible NMOSD prodrome is warranted. . ER  - 
Clinical effectiveness of the psychological therapy Mental Health Intervention for Children with Epilepsy in addition to usual care compared with assessment-enhanced usual care alone: a multicentre, randomised controlled clinical trial in the UK$$$ Background: Mental health difficulties are common in children and young people with chronic health conditions, but many of those in need do not access evidence-based psychological treatments. The study aim was to evaluate the clinical effectiveness of integrated mental health treatment for children and young people with epilepsy, a common chronic health condition known to be associated with a particularly high rate of co-occurring mental health difficulties. Methods: We conducted a parallel group, multicentre, open-label, randomised controlled trial of participants aged 3–18 years, attending epilepsy clinics across England and Northern Ireland who met diagnostic criteria for a common mental health disorder. Participants were randomised (1:1; using an independent web-based system) to receive the Mental Health Intervention for Children with Epilepsy (MICE) in addition to usual care, or assessment-enhanced usual care alone (control). Children and young people in both groups received a full diagnostic mental health assessment. MICE was a modular psychological intervention designed to treat common mental health conditions in children and young people using evidence-based approaches such as cognitive behaviour therapy and behavioural parenting strategies. Usual care for mental health disorders varied by site but typically included referral to appropriate services. Participants, along with their caregivers, and clinicians were not masked to treatment allocation but statisticians were masked until the point of analysis. The primary outcome, analysed by modified intention-to-treat, was the parent-report Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ) at 6 months post-randomisation. The study is complete and registered with ISRCTN (57823197). Findings: 1401 young people were potentially deemed eligible for study inclusion. Following the exclusion of 531 young people, 870 participants were assessed for eligibility and completed the SDQ, and 480 caregivers provided consent for study inclusion between May 20, 2019, and Jan 31, 2022. Between Aug 28, 2019, and Feb 21, 2022, 334 participants (mean ages 10·5 years [SD 3·6] in the MICE group vs 10·3 [4·0] in control group at baseline) were randomly assigned to an intervention using minimisation balanced by age, primary mental health disorder, diagnosis of intellectual disability, and autistic spectrum disorder at baseline. 168 (50%) of the participants were female and 166 (50%) were male. 166 participants were randomly assigned to the MICE group and 168 were randomly assigned to the control group. At 6 months, the mean SDQ difficulties for the 148 participants in the MICE group was 17·6 (SD 6·3) and 19·6 (6·1) for the 148 participants in the control group. The adjusted effect of MICE was –1·7 (95% CI –2·8 to –0·5; p=0·0040; Cohen's d, 0·3). 14 (8%) patients in the MICE group experienced at least one serious adverse event compared with 24 (14%) in the control group. 68% percent of serious adverse events (50 events) were admission due to seizures. Interpretation: MICE was superior to assessment-enhanced usual care in improving symptoms of emotional and behavioural difficulties in young people with epilepsy and common mental health disorders. The trial therefore shows that mental health comorbidities can be effectively and safely treated by a variety of clinicians, utilising an integrated intervention across ages and in the context of intellectual disability and autism. The evidence from this trial suggests that such a model should be fully embedded in epilepsy services and serves as a model for other chronic health conditions in young people. Funding: UK National Institute for Health Research Programme Grants for Applied Research programme and Epilepsy Research UK Endeavour Project Grant. ER  - 
Suicide risk of chronic diseases and comorbidities: A Korean case-control study$$$ Objectives: Chronic diseases including mental disorders have been associated with suicide. This study broadens the approach by incorporating a comprehensive list of chronic diseases and a context of comorbidities and explored their associations with suicide. Methods: Data-linkage between death registry and Korean National Health Insurance data was conducted. Suicide cases (n = 64,099) between 2009 and 2013 were 1:4 matched for gender and age to an alive control (n = 256,396). A total of 92 individual diseases of 9 broad categories were identified from insurance claims data. Conditional logistic regression was applied to assess the associations, adjusting for mental and behavioral disorders and socioeconomic status. Results: Suicide cases frequently experienced chronic diseases (90.0 %) and comorbidities (74.6 %). Chronic diseases greatly increased suicide risk and, among these, mental and behavioral disorders showed the highest suicide risk (OR = 7.53, 95 % CI = 7.32–7.74) followed by cardiovascular (OR = 3.36, 95 % CI = 3.26–3.47). For individual diseases, gastritis and duodenitis were most prevalent (68.1 %) among suicide cases but depressive disorder showed the highest risk (OR = 4.95, 95 % CI = 4.79–5.12). Suicide risk was strong in comorbid status sometimes comparable to odds for mental and behavioral disorder alone (e.g., OR for cardiovascular and eye vision-related diseases = 4.01, 95 % CI = 3.86–4.17). Limitations: Differentiation of comorbidity was limited to pairs between major disease categories, neglecting the heterogeneity within categories. Conclusion: Chronic diseases, in particular comorbidity, showed strong associations with suicide. This suggests that those with comorbidities feel that they are pushed to the extreme line, supporting comprehensive interventions for them to address wider reasons including psychological and social problems, besides medical problems. ER  - 
Characterization of neurological morbidity associated with thyroid antibodies: Hashimoto's encephalopathy and beyond$$$ Background: Hashimoto's Encephalopathy (HE) manifests with various neurologic symptoms associated with elevated thyroglobulin (TG) and/or thyroperoxidase (TPO) antibodies. Some patients with thyroid antibodies exhibit neurological presentations not consistent with HE. This study aims to characterize the spectrum of neurological morbidity in patients with thyroid antibodies. Methods: We reviewed all patients tested for TG or TPO antibodies from 2010 to 2019. Patients tested for thyroid antibodies as part of a neurological workup for new symptoms were classified into the following categories: patients meeting full criteria for HE, patients with other neuroimmunological disorders, patients with unexplained neurological symptoms not fully meeting HE criteria, and patients with incidental non neuroimmunological disorders. Results: There were 2717 patients with positive thyroid antibodies in the dataset including 227 patients (78% female, age 54 ± 19 years) who met inclusion criteria. Twelve patients (5%) met HE criteria, 30 (13%) had other neuroimmunological disorders, 32 (14%) had unexplained neurological symptoms, and 153 (67.4%) had incidental disorders. In addition to cognitive dysfunction, seizures, movement disorders, motor weakness, and psychosis, HE patients were also more likely to have cerebellar dysfunction, language impairment, and sensory deficits. They were more likely to carry a Hashimoto's thyroiditis diagnosis and had higher titers of thyroid antibodies. They all had a robust response to steroids. Conclusion: The neurological spectrum of HE may be wider than previously reported, including frequent cerebellar, sensory, and language dysfunction. A subgroup of thyroid antibody positive patients with unexplained neurological symptoms may represent further expansion of thyroid antibody-related neurological disorders. ER  - 
Brain Abscess Caused by Oral Cavity Bacteria: A Nationwide, Population-based Cohort Study$$$ Background. Oral cavity bacteria are the most frequent etiology of brain abscess. Yet, data on the clinical presentation and outcome are scarce. Methods. We performed a nationwide, population-based study comprising all adults (aged ≥18 years) with brain abscess due to oral cavity bacteria in Denmark from 2007 through 2020. Prognostic factors for unfavorable outcome (Glasgow outcome scale, 1–4) were examined using modified Poisson regression to compute adjusted relative risks (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results. Among 287 identified patients, the median age was 58 years (interquartile range, 47–66), and 96 of 287 (33%) were female. Preexisting functional impairment was absent or mild in 253 of 280 (90%), and risk factors for brain abscess included immunocompromise in 95 of 287 (33%), dental infection in 68 of 287 (24%), and ear–nose–throat infection in 33 of 287 (12%). Overall, a neurological deficit was present in 246 of 276 (86%) and in combination with headache and fever in 64 of 287 (22%). Identified microorganisms were primarily the Streptococcus anginosus group, Fusobacterium, Actinomyces, and Aggregatibacter spp., and 117 of 287 (41%) were polymicrobial. Unfavorable outcome occurred in 92 of 246 (37%) at 6 months after discharge and was associated with antibiotics before neurosurgery (RR, 3.28; 95% CI, 1.53–7.04), rupture (RR, 1.89; 95% CI, 1.34–2.65), and immunocompromise (RR, 1.80; 95% CI, 1.29–2.51), but not with specific targeted antibiotic regimens. Identified dental infection was associated with favorable prognosis (RR, 0.58; 95% CI, .36–.93). Conclusions. Brain abscess due to oral cavity bacteria often occurred in previously healthy individuals without predisposing dental infections. Important risk factors for unfavorable outcome were rupture and immunocompromise. However, outcome was not associated with specific antibiotic regimens supporting carbapenem-sparing strategies. ER  - 
UK medical students' self-reported knowledge and harm assessment of psychedelics and their application in clinical research: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objective To capture UK medical students' self-reported knowledge and harm assessment of psychedelics and to explore the factors associated with support for changing the legal status of psychedelics to facilitate further clinical research. Design Cross-sectional, anonymous online survey of UK medical students using a non-random sampling method. Setting UK medical schools recognised by the General Medical Council. Participants 132 medical students who had spent an average of 3.8 years (SD=1.4; range: 1-6) in medical school. Results Most students (83%) reported that they were aware of psychedelic research and only four participants (3%) said that they were not interested in learning more about this type of research. Although medical students' harm assessment of psychedelics closely aligned with that of experts, only 17% of students felt well-educated on psychedelic research. Teachings on psychedelics were only rarely encountered in their curriculum (psilocybin: 14.1 (SD=19.9), scale: 0 (never) to 100 (very often)). Time spent at medical schools was not associated with more knowledge about psychedelics (r=0.12, p=0.129). On average, this sample of medical students showed strong support for changing the legal status of psychedelics to facilitate further research into their potential clinical applications (psilocybin: 80.2 (SD=24.8), scale: 0 (strongly oppose) to 100 (strongly support)). Regression modelling indicated that greater knowledge of psychedelics (p<0.001), lower estimated harm scores (p<0.001), more time spent in medical school (p=0.024) and lower perceived effectiveness of non-pharmacological mental health treatments (p=0.044) were associated with greater support for legal status change. Conclusions Our findings reveal a significant interest among UK medical students to learn more about psychedelic research and a strong support for further psychedelic research. Future studies are needed to examine how medical education could be refined to adequately prepare medical students for a changing healthcare landscape in which psychedelic-assisted therapy could soon be implemented in clinical practice. ER  - 
Migraine Prevalence, Environmental Risk, and Comorbidities in Men and Women Veterans$$$ Importance: Migraine is a prevalent and debilitating condition that substantially impacts quality of life. Investigating migraine prevalence, associated comorbidities, and potential military service exposures in veterans, focusing on gender differences, is crucial for targeted interventions and management strategies. Objective: To determine the prevalence of migraine, associated health comorbidities, and potential military service and environmental exposures among men and women US veterans using a large-scale epidemiological sample from the Million Veteran Program (MVP). Design, Setting, and Participants: This cross-sectional study analyzed self-report survey data from the MVP, a large epidemiological sample of US veterans that was started in 2011 and has ongoing enrollment. Eligible participants were selected from the MVP database in 2023. The study included 491604 veterans to examine migraine prevalence, health comorbidities, demographic characteristics, military service history, and environmental exposures. Data were analyzed from December 2022 to July 2023. Exposures: Military service and environmental factors, such as chemical or biological warfare exposure, were considered. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was migraine prevalence among men and women veterans, assessed through self-reported diagnoses. Secondary outcomes included the association between migraine and health comorbidities, demographic characteristics, military service history, and environmental exposures. Results: Of the 491604 veterans included in this study, 450625 (91.8%) were men and 40979 (8.2%) were women. The lifetime prevalence of migraine was significantly higher in women (12324 of 40979 [30.1%]) than in men (36816 of 450625 [8.2%]). Migraine prevalence varied by race and ethnicity, with the highest prevalence in Hispanic or Latinx women (1213 of 3495 [34.7%]). Veterans with migraine reported worse general health, higher levels of pain, increased pain interference with work, a higher likelihood of psychiatric and neurological health conditions, and greater lifetime opioid use. Specific aspects of military service, including service post-September 2001 and deployment in Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom, and environmental factors, including Agent Orange, chemical and biological welfare, and antinerve agent pills history, were significantly associated with migraine prevalence. Conclusions and Relevance: In this cross-sectional study of migraine, the results highlighted gender differences in migraine prevalence and associated health comorbidities among US veterans. The findings emphasized the need for interdisciplinary approaches to migraine management, increased awareness and education efforts, and population-based screening strategies, particularly for women and Hispanic veterans who are at greater risk. Our findings encourage further research into tailored interventions for specific subpopulations and the impact of military service and environmental exposures on migraine and related health conditions. ER  - 
Clinical Outcomes of Magnetic Seizure Therapy vs Electroconvulsive Therapy for Major Depressive Episode: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly effective and rapid in treating depression, but it carries a risk of significant cognitive adverse effects. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), an investigational antidepressant treatment, may maintain the robust antidepressant efficacy of ECT while substantially reducing adverse effects due to its enhanced focality and weaker stimulation strength; however, previous clinical trials of MST were limited by small sample sizes. Objective: To compare the antidepressant efficacy of MST vs ultrabrief pulse right unilateral (RUL) ECT. Design, Setting, and Participants: A between-participants, double-blinded, randomized clinical trial was conducted at 3 academic hospitals from June 2007 to August 2012. Adults aged 18 to 90 years who were referred for treatment with ECT, had a major depressive episode in the context of major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder, and had a baseline 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-24) total score of 18 or higher were included. Participants were randomly assigned 1:1 to treatment with MST or ultrabrief pulse RUL ECT. After the treatment course, patients were naturalistically followed up for up to 6 months to examine the durability of clinical effects. Interventions: Treatment with MST, applied at 100 Hz at 100% of the maximum device power for 10 seconds, or ultrabrief pulse RUL ECT, applied at 6 times seizure threshold. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was change from baseline in HDRS-24 total score, with patients followed up for up to 6 months. A reduction of at least 50% in the HDRS-24 score indicated response, and at least a 60% decrease in the HDRS-24 score and a total score of 8 or less indicated remission. Results: Of the 73 participants (41 [56.2%] female; mean [SD] age, 48 [14.1] years), 35 were randomized to MST and 38 to ECT. Among them, 53 (72.6%) were classified as completers (29 in the MST group and 24 in the ECT group). Both MST and ECT demonstrated clinically meaningful antidepressant effects. In the intent-to-treat sample, 18 participants (51.4%) in the MST group and 16 (42.1%) in the ECT group met response criteria; 13 (37.1%) in the MST group and 10 (26.3%) in the ECT group met remission criteria. Among completers, 17 of 29 (58.6%) in the MST group and 15 of 24 (62.5%) in the ECT group met response criteria; 13 of 29 (44.8%) in the MST group and 10 of 24 (41.7%) in the ECT group met remission criteria. There was no significant difference between MST and ECT for either response or remission rates. However, the mean (SD) number of treatments needed to achieve remission was 9.0 (3.1) with MST and 6.7 (3.3) with ECT, a difference of 2.3 treatments (t71.0= 3.1; P =.003). Both MST and ECT showed a sustained benefit over a 6-month follow-up period, again with no significant difference between them. Compared with MST, ECT had significantly longer time to orientation after treatment (threshold level: F1,56= 10.0; P =.003) and greater severity of subjective adverse effects, particularly in the physical and cognitive domains. Conclusions and Relevance: This randomized clinical trial found that the efficacy of MST was indistinguishable from that of ultrabrief pulse RUL ECT, the safest form of ECT currently available. These results support the continued development of MST and provide evidence for advantages relative to state-of-the-art ECT. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00488748. ER  - 
The relationship between social phobia and cognitive impairment in idiopathic generalized epilepsy patients: a cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: Epilepsy, a neurological disorder affecting approximately 65 million people worldwide, frequently presents with various comorbidities, including cognitive impairment. The factors contributing to cognitive impairment are complex and multifaceted. This study aimed to investigate the influence of social phobia on cognitive function in patients with idiopathic generalized tonic-clonic epilepsy. Methods: This prospective study recruited 87 adult idiopathic generalized tonic-clonic epilepsy patients diagnosed according to the International League Against Epilepsy 2017 classification. Differential diagnosis involved electroencephalography, magnetic resonance imaging, and neurological examinations. All participants were assessed for cognitive impairment, social phobia, depression, and anxiety using the Montreal Cognitive Assessment, Liebowitz Social Anxiety Scale, Beck Depression Inventory, and Beck Anxiety Inventory, respectively . Results: A significant majority (73.6%) of participants reported social phobia. Compared to those without social phobia, the Montreal Cognitive Assessment total score was significantly lower in the social phobia group (P=0.002). Additionally, epilepsy duration was significantly longer in the social phobia group (P=0.03). Montreal Cognitive Assessment scores showed a negative correlation with Liebowitz Social Anxiety Scale-avoidance, Liebowitz Social Anxiety Scale-total, and age (P=0.003, P=0.005, and P<0.001, respectively). Conclusion: This study suggests that individuals with idiopathic generalized tonic-clonic epilepsy experiencing social phobia may exhibit lower cognitive function compared to those without. This indicates that comorbid social phobia might negatively impact cognitive abilities in idiopathic generalized tonic-clonic epilepsy patients. ER  - 
Adverse events and contradictory effects of benzodiazepine in a case with intellectual disability and challenging behaviour$$$ This study aims to contribute to the knowledge about lacking or contradictory effects of benzodiazepine on hyperaroused or aggressive behaviour in persons with intellectual disability (ID). We conducted a retrospective and natural case study in a person with mild ID and multiple adverse childhood experiences (ACE), using routine diary data consisting of 275 days including 113 consecutive days under benzodiazepine medication. The medication effects were documented as “calm / relaxed”, “fretful / distressed” and “sleep / doze”. Transitions between these were modelled using Markov chains. Differences in transitions were analysed using Chi-Square test for homogeneity. The results show a significantly reduced stability of mood and increased distressed behaviour under benzodiazepine. This is in line with reports about the effects of psychotropic medication in patients with ID and challenging behaviour. Besides other influences on unexpected medication effects, a possible dissociative identity disorder is discussed as an additional explanation. ER  - 
The Deep Learning Method Differentiates Patients with Bipolar Disorder from Controls with High Accuracy Using EEG Data$$$ Background: Bipolar disorder (BD) is a mental disorder characterized by depressive and manic or hypomanic episodes. The complexity in the diagnosis of Bipolar disorder (BD) due to its overlapping symptoms with other mood disorders prompted researchers and clinicians to seek new and advanced techniques for the precise detection of Bipolar disorder (BD). One of these methods is the use of advanced machine learning algorithms such as deep learning (DL). However, no study of BD has previously adopted DL techniques using EEG signals. Method: EEG signals of 169 BD patients and 45 controls were cleaned from the artifacts and processed using two different DL methods: a one-dimensional convolutional neural network (1D-CNN) combined with the long-short term memory (LSTM) and a two-dimensional convolutional neural network (2D-CNN). Additionally, Class Activation Maps (CAMs) acquired from the bipolar and control groups were used to obtain distinctive regions to specify a particular class in an image. Results: Group identifications were confirmed with 95.91% overall accuracy through the 2D-CNN method, demonstrating very high sensitivity and lower specificity. Also, the overall accuracy obtained from the 1D-CNN + LSTM method was 93%. We also found that F4, C3, F7, and F8 electrode activities produce predominant features to detect the bipolar group. Conclusion: To our knowledge, this study used EEG-based DL analysis for the first time in BD. Our results suggest that the raw EEG-based DL algorithm can successfully differentiate individuals with BD from controls. Class Activation Map (CAM) analysis suggests that prefrontal changes are predominant in EEG data of patients with BD. ER  - 
Levetiracetam induces severe psychiatric symptoms in people with epilepsy$$$ Background: : Drug-induced psychiatric symptoms are an important cause of treatment failure. Worldwide, levetiracetam has been widely used to treat epilepsy; however, associated psychobehavioral abnormalities have been observed. This study aimed to characterize levetiracetam-induced severe psychiatric symptoms and to propose preventive and therapeutic measures. Methods: : In this retrospective cluster sampling study, psychiatric symptoms of patients who had taken levetiracetam for at least 1 month were analyzed. Results: : 111(7.8%) of the 1,412 included patients exhibited severe psychiatric symptoms. Hallucinations, delusions, aggressive behavior, and agitation were the most common manifestations. Some patients also showed suicidal and self-harm behaviors. These symptoms were mainly controlled by reducing the dose of levetiracetam, stopping the drug, or adding antipsychotic drugs to the treatment regimen. Conclusion: : The severe psychiatric symptoms caused by levetiracetam require special attention. ER  - 
A case of a childhood onset developmental encephalopathy with a novel de novo truncating variant in the Membrane Protein Palmitoylated 5 (MPP5) gene$$$ Background: Membrane Protein Palmitoylated 5 (MPP5) is a highly conserved apical complex protein, essential for cell polarity. Defects in neuronal cell polarity are associated with neurologic disorders. Only three patients with heterozygous MPP5 de novo variants have been reported so far, with global developmental delay, behavioral changes and in only one case epileptic seizures. Objective: To describe a new patient with a novel truncating de novo mutation in MPP5 and to characterize in detail the epileptic phenotype and electroencephalographic features of the encephalopathy. Methods: We identified a novel truncating de novo mutation in MPP5 in a 44 year old patient by exome sequencing (p.Ser498Phefs*15). We retrospectively analyzed his clinical and instrumental data along a thirty-year follow up. Result: Our patient presents with generalized tonic-clonic seizures, myoclonic and clonic seizures, non-epileptic myoclonus, tremor, severe intellectual disability, mild face dysmorphic traits, and psychosis. Discussion and conclusion: We present a case of a childhood onset developmental encephalopathy with a likely-pathogenic variant in the MPP5 gene. This represents the first complete description of the epileptic syndrome associated with the MPP5 gene. ER  - 
Palliative care for children with central nervous system tumors: results of a Spanish multicenter study$$$ Background: Brain tumors represent the most common cause of cancer-related death in children. Few studies concerning the palliative phase in children with brain tumors are available. Objectives: (i) To describe the palliative phase in children with brain tumors; (ii) to determine whether the use of palliative sedation (PS) depends on the place of death, the age of the patient, or if they received specific palliative care (PC). Methods: Retrospective multicenter study between 2010 and 2021, including children from one month to 18 years, who had died of a brain tumor. Results: 228 patients (59.2% male) from 10 Spanish institutions were included. Median age at diagnosis was 5 years (IQR 2–9) and median age at death was 7 years (IQR 4–11). The most frequent tumors were medulloblastoma (25.4%) and diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (DIPG) (24.1%). Median number of antineoplastic regimens were 2 (range 0–5 regimens). During palliative phase, 52.2% of the patients were attended by PC teams, while 47.8% were cared exclusively by pediatric oncology teams. Most common concerns included motor deficit (93.4%) and asthenia (87.5%) and communication disorders (89.8%). Most frequently prescribed supportive drugs were antiemetics (83.6%), opioids (81.6%), and dexamethasone (78.5%). PS was administered to 48.7% patients. Most of them died in the hospital (85.6%), while patients who died at home required PS less frequently (14.4%) (p =.01). Conclusion: Children dying from CNS tumors have specific needs during palliative phase. The optimal indication of PS depended on the center experience although, in our series, it was also influenced by the place of death. ER  - 
A Systematic Review of Relationships Between Illness Identity and Health-Related Outcomes in Individuals with Chronic Illnesses$$$ The aim of the current systematic review is to examine relationships among illness identity and illness-specific variables, adherence, and health-related outcomes. Studies were included if they (a) presented quantitative data on illness identity’s relationship with adherence or health-related outcomes, (b) included chronic medical illness samples, (c) were peer-reviewed, and (d) were available in English. PubMed and EBSCOhost were searched. Quality was evaluated using the EPHPP Tool. Twelve papers were included. Moderate evidence supports the relationship between engulfment, enrichment, and illness complexity. Moderate evidence supports relationships between multiple identities and adherence as well as with various health-related outcomes. There is somewhat consistent evidence for associations between engulfment and negative health-related outcomes. It may be important to inform healthcare providers of possible identity challenges that patients face and their associations with adherence and health-related outcomes. Routine illness identity screening may allow for identification of individuals who would benefit from increased support. ER  - 
Neurological complications of excessive recreational nitrous oxide use: a case series based on a text mining algorithm$$$ Background: The recreational use of nitrous oxide (N2O) has gained popularity over recent years. We present a case series of excessive N2O users with neurological complications. Methods: In this retrospective three-centre study, we used a text mining algorithm to search for patients who used N2O recreationally and visited a neurologist. Results: We identified 251 patients. The median duration of N2O use was 11 months (interquartile range [IQR], 3–24) and the median amount of N2O used per occasion 1.6 kg (IQR 0.5–4.0). Clinically, polyneuropathy (78%), myelopathy (41%), and encephalopathy (14%) were the most common diagnoses. An absolute vitamin B12 deficiency of < 150 pmol/L was found in 40% of cases. In 90%, at least one indicator of functional vitamin B12 status (vitamin B12, homocysteine, or methylmalonic acid) was abnormal. MRI showed signs of myelopathy in 30/55 (55%) of cases. In 28/44 (64%) of those who underwent electromyography, evidence of axonal polyneuropathy was found. Most (83%) patients were treated with vitamin B12 supplementation, and 23% were admitted to the hospital. Only 41% had follow-up for ≥ 30 days, and 79% of those showed partial or complete recovery. Conclusions: In this case series of excessive N2O users, we describe a high prevalence of polyneuropathy, myelopathy, and encephalopathy. Stepwise testing for serum levels of vitamin B12, homocysteine, and methylmalonic acid may support the clinical diagnosis. Due to low sensitivity, MRI of the spinal cord and electromyography have limited value. Effective treatment should incorporate supplementation of vitamin B12 and strategies to prevent relapses in N2O use. ER  - 
Prevalence of multiple long-term conditions (multimorbidity) in England: a whole population study of over 60 million people$$$ Objectives: To determine the prevalence of multiple long-term conditions (MLTC) at whole English population level, stratifying by age, sex, socioeconomic status and ethnicity. Design: A whole population study. Setting: Individuals registered with a general practice in England and alive on 31 March 2020. Participants: 60,004,883 individuals. Main outcome measures: MLTC prevalence, defined as two or more of 35 conditions derived from a number of national patient-level datasets. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the independent associations of age, sex, ethnicity and deprivation decile with odds of MLTC. Results: The overall prevalence of MLTC was 14.8% (8,878,231), varying from 0.9% (125,159) in those aged 0–19 years to 68.2% (1,905,979) in those aged 80 years and over. In multivariable regression analyses, compared with the 50–59 reference group, the odds ratio was 0.04 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.04–0.04; p < 0.001) for those aged 0–19 years and 10.21 (10.18–10.24; p < 0.001) for those aged 80 years and over. Odds were higher for men compared with women, 1.02 (1.02–1.02; p < 0.001), for the most deprived decile compared with the least deprived, 2.26 (2.25–2.27; p < 0.001), and for Asian ethnicity compared with those of white ethnicity, 1.05 (1.04–1.05; p < 0.001). Odds were lower for black, mixed and other ethnicities (0.94 (0.94–0.95) p < 0.001, 0.87 (0.87–0.88) p < 0.001 and 0.57 (0.56–0.57) p < 0.001, respectively). MLTC for persons aged 0–19 years were dominated by asthma, autism and epilepsy, for persons aged 20–49 years by depression and asthma, for persons aged 50–59 years by hypertension and depression and for those aged 60 years and older, by cardiometabolic factors and osteoarthritis. There were large numbers of combinations of conditions in each age group ranging from 5936 in those aged 0–19 years to 205,534 in those aged 80 years and over. Conclusions: While this study provides useful insight into the burden across the English population to assist health service delivery planning, the heterogeneity of MLTC presents challenges for delivery optimisation. ER  - 
Amplitude-determined seizure-threshold, electric field modeling, and electroconvulsive therapy antidepressant and cognitive outcomes$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) pulse amplitude, which dictates the induced electric field (E-field) magnitude in the brain, is presently fixed at 800 or 900 milliamperes (mA) without clinical or scientific rationale. We have previously demonstrated that increased E-field strength improves ECT’s antidepressant effect but worsens cognitive outcomes. Amplitude-determined seizure titration may reduce the E-field variability relative to fixed amplitude ECT. In this investigation, we assessed the relationships among amplitude-determined seizure-threshold (STa), E-field magnitude, and clinical outcomes in older adults (age range 50 to 80 years) with depression. Subjects received brain imaging, depression assessment, and neuropsychological assessment pre-, mid-, and post-ECT. STa was determined during the first treatment with a Soterix Medical 4×1 High Definition ECT Multi-channel Stimulation Interface (Investigation Device Exemption: G200123). Subsequent treatments were completed with right unilateral electrode placement (RUL) and 800 mA. We calculated Ebrain defined as the 90th percentile of E-field magnitude in the whole brain for RUL electrode placement. Twenty-nine subjects were included in the final analyses. Ebrain per unit electrode current, Ebrain/I, was associated with STa. STa was associated with antidepressant outcomes at the mid-ECT assessment and bitemporal electrode placement switch. Ebrain/I was associated with changes in category fluency with a large effect size. The relationship between STa and Ebrain/I extends work from preclinical models and provides a validation step for ECT E-field modeling. ECT with individualized amplitude based on E-field modeling or STa has the potential to enhance neuroscience-based ECT parameter selection and improve clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Repeated peripheral infusions of anti-EGFRvIII CAR T cells in combination with pembrolizumab show no efficacy in glioblastoma: a phase 1 trial$$$ We previously showed that chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy targeting epidermal growth factor receptor variant III (EGFRvIII) produces upregulation of programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) in the tumor microenvironment (TME). Here we conducted a phase 1 trial (NCT03726515) of CAR T-EGFRvIII cells administered concomitantly with the anti-PD1 (aPD1) monoclonal antibody pembrolizumab in patients with newly diagnosed, EGFRvIII+ glioblastoma (GBM) (n = 7). The primary outcome was safety, and no dose-limiting toxicity was observed. Secondary outcomes included median progression-free survival (5.2 months; 90% confidence interval (CI), 2.9–6.0 months) and median overall survival (11.8 months; 90% CI, 9.2–14.2 months). In exploratory analyses, comparison of the TME in tumors harvested before versus after CAR + aPD1 administration demonstrated substantial evolution of the infiltrating myeloid and T cells, with more exhausted, regulatory, and interferon (IFN)-stimulated T cells at relapse. Our study suggests that the combination of CAR T cells and PD-1 inhibition in GBM is safe and biologically active but, given the lack of efficacy, also indicates a need to consider alternative strategies. ER  - 
Value of drug level concentrations of brivaracetam, lacosamide, and perampanel in care of people with epilepsy$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to determine whether clinical efficacy and reported adverse effects (AEs) of the newer antiseizure medications (ASMs) brivaracetam (BRV), lacosamide (LCM), and perampanel (PER) have been associated with plasma levels of these ASMs. We also investigated whether plasma levels outside the reference range has led to dose adjustments. Methods: Plasma levels of 300 people with epilepsy (PWE) seen at our tertiary epilepsy center were determined by liquid chromatography–tandem mass spectrometry. PWE received BRV (n = 100), LCM (n = 100), or PER (n = 100), in most cases in polytherapy. Demographic and clinical data were retrospectively analyzed and related to plasma levels. Clinical efficacy of BRV, LCM, or PER was assessed retrospectively by comparing seizure frequency at the time of current blood draw with seizure frequency at the time of first administration. AEs were also recorded and, if reported, compared retrospectively with the time of first administration. Results: No significant associations were found between plasma levels of BRV, LCM, or PER and seizure freedom (BRV, p = 1.000; LCM, p =.243; PER, p =.113) or responder status (BRV, p =.118; LCM, p =.478; PER, p =.069) at presentation. There was also no pattern between plasma levels and the occurrence of AEs. In the majority of cases, drug levels outside the reference ranges have not led to adjustments in the daily doses of BRV (93.5%), LCM (93.9%), or PER (89.1%). Significance: Plasma levels at a given time point did not allow conclusions to be drawn about seizure control or the occurrence of AEs. Our findings indicate that efficacy and tolerability cannot be predicted based on averaged data from a single plasma measurement due to high interindividual variability. Instead, individual reference values should be established when sufficient clinical data are available, in line with the 2008 International League Against Epilepsy position paper on therapeutic drug monitoring. ER  - 
Analysis of clinical, immunological characteristics, damage, and survival in 300 Turkish systemic lupus erythematosus patients$$$ Objective: This retrospective study aimed to conduct a comprehensive analysis of Turkish Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) patients of Caucasian ethnicity, focusing on their clinical, immunological, and therapeutic characteristics, damage accural and mortality. Patients and Methods: We carried out a retrospective assessment of 300 SLE patients diagnosed between 2001 and 2017 at Kocaeli University Rheumatology Clinic. Demographic data, clinical manifestations, immunological profiles, treatment approaches, disease-related damage, and survival information were collected. Results: The study population had a significant female predominance (89%) with a mean age of disease onset of 35.4 (SD:13.3) years. Hematological (72.6%) and mucocutaneous (72%) manifestations were the most common clinical findings, followed by arthritis (66.3%). Females had higher frequency of photosensitivity (p = 0.019), malar rash (p < 0.001), and alopecia (p = 0.014). Anti-dsDNA antibodies were detected in 61.6% of patients, while 57% of patients had hypocomplementemia. Secondary antiphospholipid syndrome was observed in 15.3% of patients; the most common manifestations included deep venous thrombosis (32.6%) and cerebrovascular accidents (30.4%). Lupus Nephritis (LN) affected 40.3% of the cohort. The most common pathologic finding was Class IV LN (30.5%). Eventually, 13 (4.3%) patients developed chronic kidney disease (CKD) and 4 had renal replacement therapies. Patients with LN had higher usage of pulse steroids, azathioprin, mycophenolate mofetil, cyclophosphamide, and rituximab (p < 0.001 for each). In the juvenile-onset group (n = 31, 10.3%), an increased occurrence of malar rash (p = 0.009), nephritis (p = 0.034), hypocomplementemia (p = 0.001), positive anti-dsDNA (p = 0.007), anti-Sm (p = 0.046), anti-rib-P (p = 0.014) antibodies were observed. At least one damage parameter was observed in 32.6% patients with musculoskeletal manifestations being the most common. Thirteen patients were diagnosed with various malignancies, with cervical cancer being the most common (4 cases). The total 5 and 10-year survival rates were 92.5% and 86.7%, respectively. However, patients with CKD, had lower survival rates; 75% at 3 years and 60% at 15 years. Regression analysis demonstrated an association of CKD and history of infections with decreased survival (p = 0.02, each). Conclusion: Ethnicity and geography influence the clinical diversity of SLE. Recognizing these disparities is crucial for tailoring patient care. Future inception cohort studies in Turkish SLE patients are necessary to address the limitations of retrospective research. ER  - 
Topiramate ban in women of childbearing potential with idiopathic generalized epilepsy: Does effectiveness offset the teratogenic risks?$$$ Regulatory agencies have recently discouraged the prescription of topiramate (TPM) to women of childbearing potential with epilepsy due to growing evidence of the teratogenic and neurodevelopmental risks associated with its use during pregnancy. It remains, however, unclear whether the use of TPM in this population can be supported to some extent by its high effectiveness. In this multicenter, retrospective, cohort study performed at 22 epilepsy centers, we investigated the comparative effectiveness of TPM and levetiracetam (LEV) given as first-line antiseizure medication in a cohort of women of childbearing potential with idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE). A total of 336 participants were included, of whom 24 (7.1%) received TPM and 312 (92.9%) LEV. Women treated with TPM had significantly higher risks of treatment failure and treatment withdrawal and were less likely to achieve seizure freedom at 12 months compared to women treated with LEV. In conclusion, this study highlighted a low tendency among clinicians to use TPM in women of childbearing potential with IGE, anticipating the recently released restrictions on its use. Furthermore, the available data on effectiveness do not appear to support the use of TPM in this population. ER  - 
Long-Term Safety Outcomes of Fecal Microbiota Transplantation: Real-World Data Over 8 Years From the Hong Kong FMT Registry$$$ Background and Aims: Prospective long-term real-world safety data after fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) remain limited. We reported long-term outcomes of FMT from a population-based FMT registry in Hong Kong. Methods: We recruited patients undergoing FMT for recurrent Clostridioides difficile infection (CDI) and non-CDI indications from clinical trials, from June 2013 to April 2022 in Hong Kong. We captured data on demographics, FMT indications and procedures, clinical outcomes and short- to long-term safety. New medical diagnoses were obtained from electronic medical records and independently adjudicated by clinicians. Long-term safety in patients with recurrent CDI was compared with a control group treated with antibiotics. Results: Overall, 123 subjects (median age 53 years, range 13–90 years; 52.0% male) underwent 510 FMTs and were prospectively followed up for a median of 30.3 (range, 1–57.9) months. The most common indication for FMT was type 2 diabetes mellitus. The most common short-term adverse events within 1 month of FMT included diarrhea and abdominal pain. At long-term follow-up beyond 12 months, 16 patients reported 21 new-onset medical conditions confirmed by electronic medical records. All were adjudicated to be unlikely to be related to FMT. There was no new case of inflammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel syndrome, allergy, diabetes mellitus, or psychiatric disorder. In a subgroup of patients with recurrent CDI, FMT was associated with a significantly higher cumulative survival probability compared with matched control subjects. Conclusions: This prospective real-world data from Asia's first FMT registry demonstrated that FMT has an excellent long-term safety profile. The risk of developing new medical conditions beyond 12 months after FMT is low. ER  - 
Navigated and individual α-peak-frequency–guided transcranial magnetic stimulation in male patients with treatment-refractory schizophrenia$$$ Background: Previous electroencephalography (EEG) studies have indicated altered brain oscillatory α-band activity in schizophrenia, and treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using individualized α-frequency has shown therapeutic effects. Magnetic resonance imaging–based neuronavigation methods allow stimulation of a specific cortical region and improve targeting of rTMS; therefore, we sought to study the efficacy of navigated, individual α-peak-frequency–guided rTMS (αTMS) on treatment-refractory schizophrenia. Methods: We recruited medication-refractory male patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder in this double-blind, sham-controlled study. We randomized patients to a 3-week course of either active αTMS or sham stimulation applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). We assessed participants with the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) and the Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI) at baseline and after treatment. We conducted a follow-up assessment with the PANSS 3 months after intervention. Results: We included 44 patients. After treatment, we observed a significantly higher PANSS total score (p = 0.029), PANSS general psychopathology score (p = 0.027) and PANSS 5-factor model cognitive–disorganized factor score (p = 0.011) in the αTMS group than the sham group. In addition, the CGI–Improvement score was significantly higher among those who received αTMS compared with sham stimulation (p = 0.048). Limitations: The limited number of study participants included only male patients. Depression was not formally evaluated. Conclusion: Navigated αTMS to the left DLPFC reduced total, general psychopathological, and cognitive –disorganized symptoms of schizophrenia. These results provide evidence for the therapeutic efficacy of individual α-peak-frequency–guided rTMS in treatment-refractory schizophrenia. Clinical trial registration: NCT01941251; ClinicalTrials.gov. ER  - 
The burden of head trauma in rural and remote North Queensland, Australia$$$ Background: Head trauma is a leading cause of death and disability worldwide. Young males, Indigenous people, and rural/remote residents have been identified as high-risk populations for head trauma, however, Australian research is limited. Our aim was to define and describe the incidence, demographics, causes, prehospital interventions, and outcomes of head trauma patients transported by aeromedical services within North Queensland, Australia. We hypothesized that young, Indigenous males living remotely would be disproportionately affected by head trauma. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study of all head trauma patients transferred by air to or between Townsville, Cairns, Mount Isa and Mackay Hospitals between January 1, 2016 and December 31, 2018. Patients were identified from the Trauma Care in the Tropics data registry and followed for a median 30-months post-injury. Primary endpoints were patient and injury characteristics. Secondary outcome measures were hospital stay and mortality. Results: A total of 981 patients were included and 31.1 % were Indigenous. Sixty-seven percent of injuries occurred remotely and the median time from injury to hospital was 5.8-hours (range 67–3780 min). Eighty percent of severe head injuries occurred in males (p = 0.007). Indigenous and remote patients were more likely to sustain mild injuries. The most common mechanism of injury overall was vehicle accident (37.5 %), compared to assault in the Indigenous subgroup (46.6 %, p<0.001). The overall mortality rate was 4.9 %, with older age and lower initial Glasgow Coma Score significant predictors of in-hospital mortality. Prehospital intubation was associated with a 7-fold increased risk of mortality (p = 0.056), while patients that received tranexamic acid (TXA) were almost 5-times more likely to die. Conclusions: In North Queensland, young Indigenous males are at highest risk of traumatic head injuries. Vehicle accidents are an important preventable cause of head injury in the region. TXA administration is an important consideration for remote head trauma retrievals, in which time to emergency care is prolonged. Appropriate treatment and risk stratification strategies considering time to definitive care, severity of injury, and other prehospital patient factors require further investigation. ER  - 
A different perspective into clinical symptoms in CPT I deficiency$$$ Carnitine palmitoyltransferase I (CPT I) deficiency is an autosomal recessive disorder causing long-chain fatty acid oxidation defect, characterized by metabolic decompensation episodes accompanied by hypoketotic hypoglycemia, hepatomegaly, seizures, renal tubular acidosis, and hyperammonemia. The aim of this study was to investigate the neurological symptoms in CPT I deficiency and different outcomes with respect to predisposing factors for sequela and to draw attention to the neurological impairment that may develop during the course of the disease. The retrospective study reviewed clinical characteristics of 14 patients. Mean follow-up period was 10.3 ± 4.7 (range: 8 months-18.6 years; median: 10 years) years. Three patients were diagnosed with newborn screening. In the symptomatic group (n = 12) most common presenting symptoms were psychomotor retardation (n = 6), seizures (n = 5), encephalopathy (n = 5), dystonia (n = 1), Reye-like syndrome (n = 5), muscle weakness (n = 3), and autism (n = 1). Neurologic findings detected in the follow-up period included speech disorder (n = 9), abnormal cranial MRI findings (n = 5), neuropathy (n = 1), and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (n = 1). Speech disorders collectively included delayed expressive language development, speech articulation disorder, speech delay, stuttering, and specific speech difficulties. After starting treatment for CPT I deficiency, speech disorders improved in 3 patients. Our findings confirmed that the clinical manifestations of CPT I deficiency is wider than previously thought, causing specific neurologic dysfunction, mainly speech disorders at a large scale, that were unexpected in a fatty acid oxidation disorder. We suggest that early diagnosis and treatment is the key factor to prevent neurologic sequelae while an extensive neurological evaluation is essential in patients with CPT I deficiency both at the time of diagnosis and during the follow-up period. ER  - 
A retrospective, naturalistic study of deep brain stimulation and vagal nerve stimulation in young patients*$$$ Introduction: Invasive neuromodulation interventions such as deep brain stimulation (DBS) and vagal nerve stimulation (VNS) are important treatments for movement disorders and epilepsy, but literature focused on young patients treated with DBS and VNS is limited. This retrospective study aimed to examine naturalistic outcomes of VNS and DBS treatment of epilepsy and dystonia in children, adolescents, and young adults. Methods: We retrospectively assessed patient demographic and outcome data that were obtained from electronic health records. Two researchers used the Clinical Global Impression scale to retrospectively rate the severity of neurologic and psychiatric symptoms before and after patients underwent surgery to implant DBS electrodes or a VNS device. Descriptive and inferential statistics were used to examine clinical effects. Results: Data from 73 patients were evaluated. Neurologic symptoms improved for patients treated with DBS and VNS (p <.001). Patients treated with DBS did not have a change in psychiatric symptoms, whereas psychiatric symptoms worsened for patients treated with VNS (p =.008). The frequency of postoperative complications did not differ between VNS and DBS groups. Conclusion: Young patients may have distinct vulnerabilities for increased psychiatric symptoms during treatment with invasive neuromodulation. Child and adolescent psychiatrists should consider a more proactive approach and greater engagement with DBS and VNS teams that treat younger patients. ER  - 
Children’s Health, Wellbeing and Academic Outcomes over the Summer Holidays: A Scoping Review$$$ Background: The school day provides a supportive and stimulating environment that may protect children and adolescents (5–18 years) from behaviours that are adverse for health and wellbeing. Objective: To review the literature regarding changes in children’s academic achievement or overall wellbeing during the extended school summer break and evaluate if the outcomes are different for children experiencing disadvantage. Methods: The peer-reviewed literature was searched across six electronic databases for studies tracking changes in any academic, health or wellbeing outcome in children over the summer holidays. Studies were screened in duplicate for inclusion. Data were extracted using a standardized data extraction form. Outcomes were coded as decline (suggestive or significant), increase (suggestive or significant) or mixed/neutral and then compared to the school year or according to disadvantaged. Results: Seventy-six studies (n = 14,230,846 participants) were included. Strong evidence was found of a decline in academic outcomes and increases in adiposity, sedentary behaviour and screen time. There was moderate evidence of declines in cardiovascular fitness and physical activity. These patterns were magnified for disadvantaged children. Limited data were available on muscular fitness, sleep, diet quality and social, emotional or mental wellbeing. A total of 80% of studies were from the United States. Most data were from children 12 years of age and younger. Conclusions: Over the summer break, children’s academic and health outcomes decline. Children experiencing disadvantage display magnified losses that warrant further investigation. The summer holidays present an opportunity to improve children’s health and wellbeing. ER  - 
Factors Impacting the Reduction in Neophobia Prevalence in Phenylketonuria Patients$$$ Food neophobia (FN), the fear of sampling new foods, can have a significant impact on children’s eating habits. Children with phenylketonuria (PKU), a hereditary condition that inhibits the body’s capacity to metabolize phenylalanine, should take this attitude with caution. Patients with PKU must follow a rigorous phenylalanine (Phe)-restricted diet to avoid brain malfunction that can include intellectual disability, seizures, and behavioral difficulties. The novelty of our work stems from the fact that we explored the origins of this incorrect intake pattern, which exacerbates PKU patients’ already fragile health. We conducted a cross-sectional study on 34 previously diagnosed phenylketonuria patients and a control group ranging in age from 7 months to 40 years, with a sex ratio of M/F 2:1. The Food Neophobia Scale (FNS) was used to determine neophobia. We used JASP (version 0.18.1) statistical analysis to examine the relationship between neophobia and PKU condition, age and nutritional status at the time of study, diet compliance, parental educational level, period from birth to PKU diagnosis, and environmental (rural/urban) provenience of PKU patients. According to the data, 61.76% of patients with PKU were neophobic, as were 70.57% of the control group. Food neophobia was associated with PKU patients’ present age, the period from birth to PKU diagnosis, and parental educational level. ER  - 
A Specific Pattern of Routine Cerebrospinal Fluid Parameters Might Help to Identify Cases of West Nile Virus Neuroinvasive Disease$$$ Background: Viral meningitis/encephalitis (ME) is a rare but potentially harmful disease. The prompt identification of the respective virus is important to guide not only treatment but also potential public health countermeasures. However, in about 40% of cases, no virus is identified despite an extensive diagnostic workup. The aim of the present study was to analyze demographic, seasonal, and routine cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) parameters in cases of viral ME and assess their utility for the prediction of the causative virus. Methods: Demographic data, season, and routine CSF parameters (total leucocytes, CSF cell differentiation, age-adjusted CSF/serum albumin ratio, and total immunoglobulin ratios) were retrospectively assessed in cases of viral ME. Results: In total, 156 cases of acute viral ME (74 female, median age 40.0 years) were treated at a tertiary-care hospital in Germany. Specific viral infections were detected in 93 (59.6%) cases. Of these, 14 (9.0%) cases were caused by herpes simplex virus (HSV), 36 (23.1%) by varicella-zoster virus (VZV), 27 (17.3%) by enteroviruses, 9 (5.8%) by West Nile virus (WNV), and 7 (4.5%) by other specific viruses. Additionally, 64 (41.0%) cases of ME of unknown viral etiology were diagnosed. Cases of WNV ME were older, predominantly male, showed a severe disruption of the blood–CSF–barrier, a high proportion of neutrophils in CSF, and an intrathecal total immunoglobulin M synthesis in the first CSF sample. In a multinominal logistic regression analysis, the accuracy of these CSF parameters together with age and seasonality was best for the prediction of WNV (87.5%), followed by unknown viral etiology (66.7%), VZV (61.8%), and enteroviruses (51.9%). Conclusions: Cases with WNV ME showed a specific pattern of routine CSF parameters and demographic data that allowed for their identification with good accuracy. These findings might help to guide the diagnostic workup in cases with viral ME, in particular allowing the timely identification of cases with ME due to WNV. ER  - 
Impact of Cytomegalovirus (CMV) on an Academic Pediatric Infectious Diseases Outpatient Clinic Referral Population, 2005–2020: Will the Advent of Universal Congenital CMV (cCMV) Screening Change Clinical Practice Referral Patterns?$$$ Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infections exert a substantial impact on the practice of pediatric infectious diseases. Although most infections in children are minimally symptomatic, several populations are at risk for CMV-associated disease, including immunosuppressed children, children with HIV infection, and, most significantly, children with congenital CMV (cCMV) infection. In spite of the ubiquitous nature of CMV infection, few studies have quantified the impact of CMV-associated care in a pediatric outpatient clinic setting. We evaluated the impact of CMV on clinical care in an outpatient clinic setting over a fifteen-year period at the University of Minnesota (UMN) Masonic Children’s Hospital Pediatric Infectious Diseases (PID) Clinic. A retrospective review of clinic appointments identified 253 unique patients specifically evaluated over this time period for consideration of CMV infection. Of these, 242 were pediatric patients. The majority of the pediatric patients evaluated in the PID clinic were referred for either confirmed or suspected cCMV infection, including children referred for consideration of CMV as a potential reason for a failed newborn hearing screen (NHS) and/or for evaluation of CMV as a possible etiology for documented hearing loss. In total, 116 of the children evaluated during this time period (48%) were unequivocally confirmed as having cCMV infection, with an additional 37 (15%) presenting with presumed, probable, or possible cCMV infection. A total of 16 (7%) of the pediatric CMV cases were confirmed to be post-natally acquired infections. Of the 253 total patients, 11 (4%) of the referrals were for pregnant patients seeking advice about potential therapies in the setting of a known or suspected primary maternal infection during their pregnancies, with an attendant risk of fetal CMV infection. This overview of the demographics and referral patterns for patients evaluated for known or suspected CMV infections in a tertiary care center outpatient PID clinic will serve as a useful baseline assessment, even as future patterns of outpatient care are highly likely to evolve. We predict that PID clinic referrals for newborns identified by universal cCMV screening programs will result in a shift of the CMV outpatient population to healthier infants with clinically inapparent infections, and care will need to be taken by practitioners not to over-medicalize management for these asymptomatic newborns. ER  - 
Psychiatric Comorbidities in Women Veterans with Epilepsy$$$ Background: Women Veterans with epilepsy (WVE) may have unique psychiatric comorbidities that affect presentation, treatment, and outcomes. This large, nationally representative study of Veterans Health Administration (VHA) patients explores sex differences in psychiatric diagnoses and treatment to better characterize WVE. Methods: This study included a retrospective cohort design utilizing VHA Corporate Data Warehouse administrative data. Data from 58,525 Veterans with epilepsy (8.5% women) were obtained. Psychiatric diagnoses and treatment were analyzed, with comparisons between men with epilepsy and WVE. Secondary analyses included further exploration of select gynecological conditions. Results: WVE had higher psychiatric burden than men, as evidenced by higher rates of nearly all psychiatric diagnoses, including depression (59.1% vs. 38.9%; w2 = 771.6), posttraumatic stress disorder (42.0% vs. 26.5%; w2 = 549.1), and anxiety disorder (44.9% vs. 24.5%; w2 = 977.7), as well as higher use of psychotropic medication prescriptions (2.3 vs. 1.4 average number of psychotropics prescribed). Furthermore, higher percentages of women versus men utilized the emergency room for psychiatric purposes (11.7% vs. 6.9%; w2 = 153.06) and were hospitalized with psychiatric diagnoses (9.8% vs. 6.1%; w2 = 100.95). Discussion: Veterans with epilepsy represent a unique group with high rates of psychiatric comorbidity. These results suggest that among Veterans, men and women with epilepsy have differing psychiatric comorbidities, leading to disparate health care needs. Based on this study’s findings, WVE may require a different approach to care with an increased focus on specialized psychiatric treatment for WVE. ER  - 
Prevalence of and factors associated with the early prescription of antiseizure medications in adults newly diagnosed with epilepsy in Germany$$$ Background: There is little information on prescription patterns of antiseizure medications (ASMs) during the early management of patients with epilepsy in Germany. Therefore, this study investigated the prevalence of and the factors associated with ASM prescription in patients newly diagnosed with epilepsy in this country. Methods: Adults diagnosed for the first time with epilepsy in one of 128 neurology practices in Germany between 2005 and 2021 were included (Disease Analyzer database, IQVIA). The prescription of ASMs was assessed within 30 days, six months, and 12 months of the diagnosis. Covariates were demographic factors, epilepsy sub-diagnoses, and co-diagnoses frequently associated with epilepsy. Results: This study included 55,962 participants (mean [SD] age 52.5 [20.0] years; 50.5 % men). The prevalence of ASM prescription ranged from 45.0 % within 30 days to 66.0 % within 12 months of the diagnosis. Men were less likely to receive ASMs within six and 12 months of epilepsy diagnosis than women. In addition, epilepsy sub-diagnoses of symptomatic, complex, or generalized nature were associated with increased odds of ASM prescription compared with epilepsy of unspecified nature. Finally, there was an inverse and significant association between multiple co-diagnoses (e.g., diabetes, mental and behavioral disorders due to use of alcohol, and traumatic brain injury) and ASM prescribing. Conclusions: A substantial proportion of participants were prescribed ASMs in the year following epilepsy diagnosis, highlighting that the early prescription of ASMs was necessary for these patients. Further research is warranted to corroborate the present findings in other countries and settings. ER  - 
Advocacy for Epilepsy Surgery in Africa: Moroccan Experience of 132 Cases$$$ Background: In Africa, epilepsy is a real burden. Temporal lobe epilepsy is the most common drug-resistant focal epilepsy disorder, and temporal lobectomy is the most common effective treatment for patients with drug-resistant epilepsy. Objective: We aim to highlight the Moroccan experience in epilepsy surgery and to ascertain its long-term outcome. Through the results of surgical treatment in our series, we hope to raise awareness of the need for epilepsy surgery in Africa and contribute to its development. Methods: We present a retrospective study of 132 patients who underwent surgery for epilepsy from January 2005 to December 2021 at our institution. The presurgical evaluation was based on clinical screening, interictal electroencephalography, video-electroencephalography, neuropsychological tests, magnetic resonance imaging, and positron emission tomography in some cases. Data are presented as the median and ranges. For all analyses, P values <0.05 were considered statistically significant. Results: Our series includes 132 patients (69 males; 52.27%); the median age at surgery was 24 years (range, 1–64). One hundred and fifteen patients (87%) were operated on for temporal lobe epilepsy, of whom 98 (85%) had anterior temporal lobectomy and 17 (15%) had lesionectomy. Seventeen patients (13%) were operated on for extratemporal epilepsy, of whom 4 had lesionectomy, 7 functional hemispherotomy, and 5 Gamma Knife stereotactic radiosurgery. Our postoperative outcomes 3 months after surgery found 113 patients (85.6%) seizure-free (Engel class I), 16 with Engel class II (12.1%), and 3 with Engel class III (2.3%) in temporal lobe epilepsy. In extratemporal lobe epilepsy, 12 patients (70.5%) showed Engel class I, seizure-free, 4 Engel class II (23.5%), and 1 Engel class III (6%). Conclusions: These results confirm that most patients with drug-resistant epilepsy may benefit from surgical treatment without submitting to preoperative invasive explorations. This finding should help develop epilepsy surgery widely in Africa. ER  - 
The mediating role of social support in the relationship between psychosocial problems and sleep patterns of adolescents with epilepsy$$$ Aim: This study was conducted to examine the mediating role of social support in the relationship between psychosocial problems of adolescents with epilepsy and their sleep patterns. Methods: The data were collected with Adolescent Information Form, Strength and Difficulties Questionnaire, Sleep Disturbance Scale for Children and Multidimensional Scale of Perceived Social Support in this descriptive and correlational study. The mediating role of multidimensional social support that children with epilepsy received with the Process Macro program was examined in the relationship between their psychosocial problems and their sleep status. Process model 4 was used and analysis was made based on the Bootstrap method. Results: As a result of the analysis, it was found that the participants had been diagnosed with epilepsy for a mean of 6.0 ± 1.61 years and had a mean of 3.1 ± 2.48 seizures per week. It was found that the sleep problems experienced by adolescents with epilepsy affected their psychosocial health and this effect was at the level of 84 % (β = 0.933; p < 0.001). The effect of perceived social support on the dependent variable sleep disturbance in adolescents with epilepsy was found to be statistically significant (β = -0.540; p < 0.001). It was determined that the Psychosocial Health Status score of adolescents diagnosed with epilepsy explained 87 % of the change in sleep disturbance experienced with perceived social support (p < 0.001). The effect of social support perceived by adolescents with epilepsy on sleep disturbance was found to be statistically significant. Perceived social support has no effect on the psychosocial problems they experience. Conclusions: It was found that social support was not a mediator in the relationship between psychosocial problems of adolescents with epilepsy and their sleep status. ER  - 
Dual diagnosis of epilepsy and dissociative seizures: Prescription patterns, feasibility and safety of rationalising antiseizure medication$$$ Background: Patients with a dual-diagnosis of epilepsy and dissociative seizures (DS) have received far less attention than those with single pathology. Anti-seizure medication (ASM) prescription patterns and safety of rationalisation have not been reviewed. Methods: We undertook a retrospective cohort study of all patients with a dual-diagnosis admitted to the Scottish Epilepsy Centre between 2012–2020. ASM frequencies were compared across admission, discharge and follow-up and emergency hospital attendances compared a year before and after admission. Demographic data, seizure characteristics and mortality data were also reviewed. Results: Across the 139 patients included in our study, ASM frequency at follow-up was significantly lower than on admission (mean 2.51 vs 2.14, Z = −2.11 p = 0.035, r = −0.215). Total hospital attendances in the year following admission were significantly lower than in the year before (mean 1.27 vs 0.77, Z = 2.306, p = 0.021, r = −0.262). Those with inactive epilepsy had their medications reduced to a greater extent that those with active epilepsy. 44 patients had their ASM frequency reduced during admission with a similar trend of reduced hospital attendances (mean 1.29 vs 0.43 Z = −3.162 p = 0.002). There was one epilepsy related death. Conclusions: Clinicians should consider the development of co-morbid DS in patients with epilepsy not responding to an escalation of ASM, especially if presenting with a new seizure type. Patients with a dual-diagnosis of epilepsy and DS, particularly those with well controlled epilepsy, are likely overtreated with ASM. Medication review in a tertiary epilepsy centre allows for safe rationalisation of ASM and likely contributes to the need for fewer hospital attendances. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of agomelatine in epilepsy patients with sleep and mood disorders: An observational, retrospective cohort study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the therapeutic efficacy and safety of agomelatine for treating the sleep and mood disorders in epilepsy patients. Methods: Retrospective data were derived from 113 epilepsy patients for at least 8 weeks. All the subjects were divided into two groups, one was treated with agomelatine, the other was treated with escitalopram. Their depression and anxiety states were assessed by Hamilton Depression (HAMD) and Hamilton Anxiety (HAMA) Scales. Sleep quality was assessed by the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). Results: The HAMA, HAMD and PSQI scores in both groups significantly declined after the treatments with agomelatine and escitalopram. However, the agomelatine group exhibited greater improvement in terms of HAMA and PSQI scores compared to the escitalopram group. No severe adverse events were observed in agomelatine group. Significance: Agomelatine performed better in HAMA and PSQI scores compared to escitalopram, where no significant increase in seizure frequency or side effects were observed. Possibly, agomelatine presents a promising therapeutic option for treating the sleep or mood disorders in epilepsy patients. ER  - 
Elevated phase amplitude coupling as a depression biomarker in epilepsy$$$ Depression is prevalent in epilepsy patients and their intracranial brain activity recordings can be used to determine the types of brain activity that are associated with comorbid depression. We performed case-control comparison of spectral power and phase amplitude coupling (PAC) in 34 invasively monitored drug resistant epilepsy patients’ brain recordings. The values of spectral power and PAC for one-minute segments out of every hour in a patient's study were correlated with pre-operative assessment of depressive symptoms by Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI). We identified an elevated PAC signal (theta-alpha–beta phase (5–25 Hz)/gamma frequency (80–100 Hz) band) that is present in high BDI scores but not low BDI scores adult epilepsy patients in brain regions implicated in primary depression, including anterior cingulate cortex, amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex. Our results showed the application of PAC as a network-specific, electrophysiologic biomarker candidate for comorbid depression and its potential as treatment target for neuromodulation. ER  - 
KCNA2 IgG autoimmunity in neuropsychiatric diseases$$$ Background: Autoantibodies against the potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily A member 2 (KCNA2) have been described in a few cases of neuropsychiatric disorders, but their diagnostic and pathophysiological role is currently unknown, imposing challenges to medical practice. Design / Methods.: We retrospectively collected comprehensive clinical and paraclinical data of 35 patients with KCNA2 IgG autoantibodies detected in cell-based and tissue-based assays. Patients’ sera and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) were used for characterization of the antigen, clinical-serological correlations, and determination of IgG subclasses. Results: KCNA2 autoantibody-positive patients (n = 35, median age at disease onset of 65 years, range of 16–83 years, 74 % male) mostly presented with cognitive impairment and/or epileptic seizures but also ataxia, gait disorder and personality changes. Serum autoantibodies belonged to IgG3 and IgG1 subclasses and titers ranged from 1:32 to 1:10,000. KCNA2 IgG was found in the CSF of 8/21 (38 %) patients and in the serum of 4/96 (4.2 %) healthy blood donors. KCNA2 autoantibodies bound to characteristic anatomical areas in the cerebellum and hippocampus of mammalian brain and juxtaparanodal regions of peripheral nerves but reacted exclusively with intracellular epitopes. A subset of four KCNA2 autoantibody-positive patients responded markedly to immunotherapy alongside with conversion to seronegativity, in particular those presenting an autoimmune encephalitis phenotype and receiving early immunotherapy. An available brain biopsy showed strong immune cell invasion. KCNA2 autoantibodies occurred in less than 10 % in association with an underlying tumor. Conclusion: Our data suggest that KCNA2 autoimmunity is clinically heterogeneous. Future studies should determine whether KCNA2 autoantibodies are directly pathogenic or develop secondarily. Early immunotherapy should be considered, in particular if autoantibodies occur in CSF or if clinical or diagnostic findings suggest ongoing inflammation. Suspicious clinical phenotypes include autoimmune encephalitis, atypical dementia, new-onset epilepsy and unexplained epileptic seizures. ER  - 
The burden of epilepsy on long-term outcome of genetic developmental and epileptic encephalopathies: A single tertiary center longitudinal retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: This retrospective cohort analysis highlighted neurodevelopmental outcome predictors of genetic developmental and epileptic encephalopathies (DEE). Patients and Methods: Patients’ demographic, clinical and molecular genetics data were collected. All patients underwent clinical, developmental, and neuropsychological assessments. Results: We recruited 100 participants (53 males, 47 females) with a mean follow-up lasting 10.46 ± 8.37 years. Age at epilepsy-onset was predictive of poor adaptive and cognitive functions (VABS-II score, r = 0.350, p = 0.001; BRIEF control subscale, r = -0.253; p = 0.031). Duration of epilepsy correlated negatively with IQ (r = -0.234, p = 0.019) and VABS-II score (r = -0.367, p = 0.001). Correlations were found between delayed/lacking EEG maturation/organization and IQ (r = 0.587, p = 0.001), VABS-II score (r = 0.658, p = 0.001), BRIEF-MI and BRIEF-GEC scores (r = -0.375, p = 0.001; r = -0.236, p = 0.033), ASEBA anxiety (r = -0.220, p = 0.047) and ADHD (r = -0.233, p = 0.035) scores. The number of antiseizure medications (ASMs) correlated with IQ (r = -0.414, p = 0.001), VABS-II (r = -0.496, p = 0.001), and BRIEF-MI (r = 0.294, p = 0.012) scores; while age at the beginning of therapy with ASEBA anxiety score (r = 0.272, p = 0.013). The occurrence of status epilepticus was associated with worse adaptive performances. The linear regression analysis model showed that delayed/lacking EEG maturation/organization had a significant influence on the IQ (R2 = 0.252, p < 0.001) and the BRIEF-GEC variability (R2 = 0.042, p = 0.036). The delayed/lacking EEG maturation/organization and the duration of epilepsy also had a significant influence on the VABS-II score (R2 = 0.455, p = 0.005). Conclusions: Age at seizure-onset, EEG maturation/organization, duration of epilepsy, occurrence of status epilepticus, age at the introduction and number of ASMs used are reliable predictors of long-term outcomes in patients with genetic DEE. ER  - 
Abstract No. 596 Quantifying the Burden of Hereditary Hemorrhagic Telangiectasia on Quality of Life and Psychological Health: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Purpose: Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (HHT) is a disorder characterized by multiple arteriovenous malformations (AVMs) and telangiectasias. The wide range of these clinical manifestations significantly impacts patients' quality of life (QoL). Despite the considerable burden that HHT imposes on patients, limited research has been conducted in this area. The aim of this study is to assess the impact of HHT on QoL, as well as to identify demographic and clinical factors associated with lower QoL. Materials and Methods: An international cross-sectional survey study was conducted between March and April 2022 using the Cure HHT international network. Participants completed a survey battery that included different questions regarding their perception of the impact of HHT on their QoL, and five standardized instruments: ESS, NOSE-HHT, PROMIS Fatigue Scale-8a, HADS-A, HADS-D, and SF-36, Spearman’s correlations, Univariate analyses, Tukey’s HSD test and Kruskal-Wallis analysis were used. Results: A total of 565/1042 participants completed the survey. Epistaxis (92.2%) and fatigue (78.9%) were the most common symptoms reported. There was a significant correlation between severe ESS scores and higher HADS-D (β=3.3 p < 0.001), HADS-A (β=2.4 p < 0.001), PROMIS-fatigue (β=8 p < 0.001) and lower SF-36 (β=–26.4 p < 0.001) scores. Liver failure and seizures were significant predictors for higher likelihood of depression, anxiety and fatigue. Participants expressed a significant impact on their physical (25%), role (25%), emotional (22%), social (18%) and cognitive (11%) functioning. However, a higher number of participants considered it was extremely important to improve their physical (51%), cognitive (47%), role (43%) and emotional (45%) functioning. Conclusion: These findings contribute to a more comprehensive understanding of the impact of HHT on QoL and psychological health. Patients with worse ESS were found to be more likely to meet criteria for depression, anxiety and fatigue. Additionally, HHT patients expressed a desire for improvement in a broad range of functional domains. These results suggest a need for increased awareness and more effective interventions to improve the QoL of HHT patients. ER  - 
Outcomes in 14 live births resulting from Pegvaliase-treated pregnancies in PKU-affected females$$$ Background: Adults with PKU have difficulty maintaining plasma phenylalanine (Phe) in the range that is safe for neurologic function. Elevated plasma Phe is a risk factor for congenital anomalies and developmental delay in offspring resulting from pregnancies with poor Phe control in women with PKU. Enzyme supplementation with pegvaliase allows adults with PKU to eat an unrestricted diet and have plasma Phe levels in a safe range for pregnancy but pegvaliase has not been approved for use in pregnant females with PKU. We report the results of chart review of 14 living offspring of females affected with PKU who were responsive to pegvaliase and chose to remain on pegvaliase throughout their pregnancy. Methods: Fourteen pregnancies (one triplet pregnancy) and their offspring were identified at eight PKU treatment centers and medical records from pregnancy and birth were submitted for this study. Institutional Review Board approval was obtained. Responses to a dataset were provided to a single center and analyzed. Results: Six females and eight males were born without congenital anomalies and all offspring had normal growth parameters. While mothers had preexisting comorbidities, no additional comorbidities were reported in the offspring. Four of eleven infants (excluding triplet pregnancies) were delivered preterm (36%), a higher rate than the general population (12%). A single first trimester (eight weeks) miscarriage in a 40y was not counted in this cohort of 14 live born infants. CONCLUSION: This retrospective study suggests that pegvaliase is effective at maintaining safe maternal blood Phe levels during pregnancy without deleterious effects on mother or child. A tendency toward premature birth (4/11; 36%) is higher than expected. ER  - 
Impact of newborn screening for fatty acid oxidation disorders on neurological outcome: A Belgian retrospective and multicentric study$$$ Fatty acid oxidation (FAO) disorders are autosomal recessive genetic disorders affecting either the transport or the oxidation of fatty acids. Acute symptoms arise during prolonged fasting, intercurrent infections, or intense physical activity. Metabolic crises are characterized by alteration of consciousness, hypoglycemic coma, hepatomegaly, cardiomegaly, arrhythmias, rhabdomyolysis, and can lead to death. In this retrospective and multicentric study, the data of 54 patients with FAO disorders were collected. Overall, 35 patients (64.8%) were diagnosed after newborn screening (NBS), 17 patients on clinical presentation (31.5%), and two patients after family screening (3.7%). Deficiencies identified included medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (MCAD) deficiency (75.9%), very long-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (VLCAD) deficiency (11.1%), long-chain hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase (LCHAD) deficiency (3.7%), mitochondrial trifunctional protein (MTP) deficiency (1.8%), and carnitine palmitoyltransferase 2 (CPT 2) deficiency (7.4%). The NBS results of 25 patients were reviewed and the neurological outcome of this population was compared with that of the patients who were diagnosed on clinical presentation. This article sought to provide a comprehensive overview of how NBS implementation in Southern Belgium has dramatically improved the neurological outcome of patients with FAO disorders by preventing metabolic crises and death. Further investigations are needed to better understand the physiopathology of long-term complications in order to improve the quality of life of patients and to ensure optimal management. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation to the ipsilesional motor cortex in subacute stroke (NETS): a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Each year, five million people are left disabled after stroke. Upper-extremity (UE) dysfunction is a leading problem. Neuroplasticity can be enhanced by non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) but evidence from large, randomized multicenter trials is lacking. We aimed at demonstrating efficacy of NIBS to enhance motor recovery after ischemic stroke. Methods: We randomly assigned patients to receive anodal transcranial direct current (tDCS, 1 mA, 20 min) or placebo stimulation (‘control’) over the primary motor cortex of the lesioned hemisphere in addition to standardized rehabilitative training over ten days in the subacute phase after stroke. The original study was planned to enrol 250 but, following a blinded interim analysis, ended with 123 participants. The primary outcome parameter was UE impairment, measured by UE-Fugl-Meyer-Assessment (UEFMA), one to seven days after the end of the treatment intervention (ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT00909714). Findings: From 2009 to 2019, 123 patients were included, with 119 entering intention-to-treat analysis (ITT). The control group (N = 61) improved 8.9 (SD 7.7) UEFMA points, the tDCS group (N = 58) improved 9.0 (8.8) points. ITT was neutral with respect to the primary efficacy endpoint (p = 0.820). We found no difference in UEFMA change between active tDCS and control. The safety profile of tDCS was favorable. In particular, there were no seizures. Interpretation: In patients with ischemic stroke, anodal tDCS applied to the motor cortex of the lesioned hemisphere over 10 days in the subacute phase was safe but did not improve the recovery of upper extremity function compared with placebo stimulation. Funding:Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (GE 844/4-1). ER  - 
A Retrospective Matched Comparison Study of Prolonged Seizures in ECT$$$ Objective This study assessed the incidence of and risk factors for prolonged seizures (>180 sec) in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Method In 611 adult patients undergoing 6697 ECT treatments administered over a 2.5-year study period, 29 individuals experienced 42 prolonged seizures. A comparison sample (n = 29) was matched on sex, age, and treatment, and compared on psychiatric and medical diagnoses, as well as current medications. To examine the association between the characteristics and prolonged seizure, conditional logistic regression models or exact McNemar tests were conducted. Results Prolonged seizures occurred on average in 1 of every 167 treatments. No specific psychiatric disorders or medical conditions were associated with the prolonged seizure group. Antipsychotic drugs were used in a higher proportion of the comparison group than in the prolonged seizure group, suggesting a protective effect. Atropine was used in a lower proportion of the long seizure group than in the comparison group. No untoward sequelae occurred, and no progression to status epilepticus was observed. Conclusions Prolonged seizures appear to be an uncommon complication of ECT in adults. The characteristics examined in this study suggest limited association of psychotropic medications with prolonged seizures. Treatment of prolonged seizures was straightforward. Prolonged seizures had no impact on the course of treatment. Further exploration of prolonged seizures would enhance the generalizability of the findings from this single site study. ER  - 
Longitudinal Comparison of PNES spell and ASM reduction in PNES Patients with and without Epilepsy Discharged from an Epilepsy Monitoring Unit$$$ Objective: To examine trends of Antiseizure Medication (ASM) reduction and discontinuation, as well as Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizure (PNES) spell reduction and resolution in patients with PNES, with and without comorbid epileptic seizures (ES). Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted on data from 145 patients with PNES, including 109 with PNES alone and 36 with PNES plus comorbid epilepsy. Patients were admitted to the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) between May 2000 and April 2008, with follow-up clinical data collected until September 2015. Clinical records were thoroughly examined, encompassing the period preceding the PNES diagnosis until either loss to follow-up or September 2015. A subsequent chart review was conducted by two neurologists, covering the period following the diagnosis of PNES until either loss to follow-up or September 2015, which ever came first. Results: Patients with PNES alone had higher rates of ASM reduction for all variables of ASM reduction measured compared to those with comorbid epilepsy (all at p < 001). Among patients with PNES alone, reductions in ASMs were observed after EMU discharge, but an uptick and plateau were seen in later follow-up years (100% of patients free of ASMs at years 2–3, 20% on at least one ASM by year 7). This pattern differs greatly in PNES + ES patients, in which the only time point at which any patient was able to discontinue all ASMs was at EMU discharge (4.5% of patients), with all patients taking at least one ASM for every other follow-up time point. Reductions in PNES spell frequency did not differ significantly between the two groups (for example PNES spells reduced at final FU 47.2% vs 42.9%, p = 0.65). In both groups, despite an initial drop in variables of PNES spell reduction and resolution in the early years post discharge, there is an eventual rebound and plateau (for example in PNES only patients, 33.9% of patients having no resolution in 1st year FU, which rises to 78% at years 4–5, and plateus around 52.8% at more than 7 years follow-up.) Significance: This study contributes to the growing body of research focused on improving the current approach to management and prognostic outlook of PNES. Although PNES only patients had higher rates of ASM reduction, the uptick and plateau observed in later years highlights the challenges in managing PNES. Similarly, the continued persistence and rebound of PNES spells underline the continued poor prognostic outcomes associated with this condition. ER  - 
The role of carbon dioxide in electroconvulsive therapy: Assessing the necessity of forced hyperventilation$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a modern neurostimulation procedure rated with recommendation grade A in the new National Disease Management Guideline for treatment-resistant depression. The therapeutic agent is the convulsion. The qualitative assessment of the convulsion remains a prevalent topic in research and literature. It is commonly evaluated based on the following quality criteria: duration, heart rate, and additionally hemispheric coherence, amplitude, and postictal suppression in the EEG. Treatment parameters, such as anesthetic agents, charge, and placement of stimulation, are individually adjusted according to these criteria to optimize clinical outcomes and minimize side effects. Complementary, anesthesia is performed in such a way that the convulsive threshold is initially kept as low as possible by briefly lowering the partial pressure of carbon dioxide (PCO2). Common practice involves forced hyperventilation via mask ventilation or intubation, which continues shortly into the convulsion phase. Even if performed only for a limited time, hyperventilation during artificial ventilation is not free of risks, such as barotrauma or decreased cerebral blood flow. Objective: This study aims to determine whether forced hyperventilation to lower PCO2 is associated with better quality criteria in ECT treatments. Method: A retrospective evaluation of treatment data from clinical practice will be conducted to determine if there is an inverse correlation between CO2 measured via capnometry and quality score (duration, pulse, and EEG). This score ranges from 0% to 100%. Five potential covariates such as age, gender, anesthetic agent, charge, and placement of stimulation are also included. We use a linear mixed effects model that considers individual variation among patients as a random effect. The influence of CO2, as well as the five covariates named above, on the quality score is evaluated. Results (Preliminary): In a preliminary evaluation of 92 treatments involving 10 patients from 2019 to 2023 (7 women and 3 men with an average age of 61.80 years (SD = 16.07)), 18 esketamine and 74 etomidate treatments were included. The mean quality score was 80.38% (SD = 22.64). The average CO2 value was 25.78 mmHg (SD = 4.50). The mean charge was 124.02% (SD = 44.85%). In this preliminary model, CO2 had a significant influence (p =.002) on the quality score with an estimate of −65.12. Additionally, etomidate anesthesia (estimate = 1586.74, p =.008), age (estimate = −4040.09, p =.03), and charge (estimate = −12.77, p =.01) also showed significant impacts on the quality score. Conclusion: The results suggest that both individual factors (age) and treatment parameters, such as CO2, charge, and anesthesia agent, influence the quality score. A lower CO2 value was associated with an improved quality score. For further analysis and presentation, the inclusion of approximately 150 patients from 2018 to 2023 is planned. ER  - 
Chronic constipation in people with intellectual disabilities in the community: cross-sectional study$$$ Background One-third to half of people with intellectual disabilities suffer from chronic constipation (defined as two or fewer bowel movements weekly or taking regular laxatives three or more times weekly), a cause of significant morbidity and premature mortality. Research on risk factors associated with constipation is limited. Aims To enumerate risk factors associated with constipation in this population. Method A questionnaire was developed on possible risk factors for constipation. The questionnaire was sent to carers of people with intellectual disabilities on the case-loads of four specialist intellectual disability services in England. Data analysis focused on descriptively summarising responses and comparing those reported with and without constipation. Results Of the 181 people with intellectual disabilities whose carers returned the questionnaire, 42% reported chronic constipation. Constipation was significantly associated with more severe intellectual disability, dysphagia, cerebral palsy, poor mobility, polypharmacy including antipsychotics and antiseizure medication, and the need for greater toileting support. There were no associations with age or gender. Conclusions People with intellectual disabilities may be more vulnerable to chronic constipation if they are more severely intellectually disabled. The associations of constipation with dysphagia, cerebral palsy, poor mobility and the need for greater toileting support suggests people with intellectual disabilities with significant physical disabilities are more at risk. People with the above disabilities need closer monitoring of their bowel health. Reducing medication to the minimum necessary may reduce the risk of constipation and is a modifiable risk factor that it is important to monitor. By screening patients using the constipation questionnaire, individualised bowel care plans could be implemented. ER  - 
Nonconvulsive Status Epilepticus: Clinical Findings, EEG Features, and Prognosis in a Developing Country, Mexico$$$ Purpose: There is a lack of clinical and epidemiological knowledge about nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) in developing countries including Mexico, which has the highest prevalence of epilepsy in the Americas. Our aim was to describe the clinical findings, EEG features, and outcomes of NCSE in a tertiary center in Mexico. Methods: We conducted a retrospective case series study (2010-2020) including patients (≥15 years old) with NCSE according to the modified Salzburg NCSE criteria 2015 with at least 6 months of follow-up. We extracted the clinical data (age, sex, history of epilepsy, antiseizure medications, clinical manifestations, triggers, and etiology), EEG patterns of NCSE, and outcome. Descriptive statistics and multinomial logistic regression were used. Results: One hundred thirty-four patients were analyzed; 74 (54.8%) women, the total mean age was 39.5 (15-85) years, and 71% had a history of epilepsy. Altered state of consciousness was found in 82% (including 27.7% in coma). A generalized NCSE pattern was the most common (32.1%). The NCSE etiology was mainly idiopathic (56%), and previous uncontrolled epilepsy was the trigger in 48% of patients. The clinical outcome was remission with clinical improvement in 54.5%. Multinomial logistic regression showed that the patient's age (P = 0.04), absence of comorbidities (P = 0.04), history of perinatal hypoxia (P = 0.04), absence of clinical manifestations (P = 0.01), and coma (P = 0.03) were negatively correlated with the outcome and only the absence of generalized slowing in the EEG (P = 0.001) had a significant positive effect on the prognosis. Conclusions: Age, history of perinatal hypoxia, coma, and focal ictal EEG pattern influence negatively the prognosis of NCSE. ER  - 
THE MORBIDITY PATTERN OF GERIATRIC AGE GROUP PATIENTS ADMITTED IN MEDICINE WARD THROUGH EMERGENCY$$$ Objectives: Geriatric patients have higher admission rates, readmission rates, mortality rates, and emergency department attendance rates as compared to younger patients. They suffer from multiple comorbidities. Hence, the current study aims to find out the common causes of emergency hospital admission of geriatric populations and to describe their morbidity pattern. Methods: A total of 208 geriatric patients were included in the study. After taking proper consent from the caregiver/relative; the detailed history of the patient had been taken, along with clinical examination had been done at bedside. Then relevant laboratory investigation (Biochemical, Pathological and Radiological) had performed. Statistical analysis was done according to the study parameter. Results: System-wise morbidities did not vary statistically among the participants of different age groups. Among the elderly population (>80 years) endocrinal morbidities (93.9%) followed by gastrointestinal morbidities were the most common (91.8%). On the other hand, among the relatively younger age group, that is, 60–70 years psychiatric morbidities were least common (18.3%). Among the morbidities noted, central nervous system (CNS) morbidities had a female preponderance, which was statistically significant. All the participants who were smokers were diagnosed with endocrinal morbidities. While among non-smokers 83.7% had endocrinal morbidities. The difference was statistically significant (p<0.001). All the participants who were chronic alcoholics were diagnosed with GI morbidities. While among non-alcoholics 81.9% had Endocrinal morbidities. The difference was statistically significant. Conclusion: The elderly persons have significantly higher admission rates, mortality rates, and ICU admission rates. Social, economic, and healthcare support for the elderly people can be effective in reducing morbidities and unwanted clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Disease Progression Patterns of Brain Morphology in Schizophrenia: More Progressed Stages in Treatment Resistance$$$ Background and Hypothesis: Given the heterogeneity and possible disease progression in schizophrenia, identifying the neurobiological subtypes and progression patterns in each patient may lead to novel biomarkers. Here, we adopted data-driven machine-learning techniques to identify the progression patterns of brain morphological changes in schizophrenia and investigate the association with treatment resistance. Study Design: In this cross-sectional multicenter study, we included 177 patients with schizophrenia, characterized by treatment response or resistance, with 3D T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging. Cortical thickness and subcortical volumes calculated by FreeSurfer were converted into z scores using 73 healthy controls data. The Subtype and Stage Inference (SuStaIn) algorithm was used for unsupervised machinelearning analysis. Study Results: SuStaIn identified 3 different subtypes: (1) subcortical volume reduction (SC) type (73 patients), in which volume reduction of subcortical structures occurs first and moderate cortical thinning follows, (2) globus pallidus hypertrophy and cortical thinning (GP-CX) type (42 patients), in which globus pallidus hypertrophy initially occurs followed by progressive cortical thinning, and (3) cortical thinning (pure CX) type (39 patients), in which thinning of the insular and lateral temporal lobe cortices primarily happens. The remaining 23 patients were assigned to baseline stage of progression (no change). SuStaIn also found 84 stages of progression, and treatment-resistant schizophrenia showed significantly more progressed stages than treatment-responsive cases (P = .001). The GP-CX type presented earlier stages than the pure CX type (P = .009). Conclusions: The brain morphological progressions in schizophrenia can be classified into 3 subtypes, and treatment resistance was associated with more progressed stages, which may suggest a novel biomarker. ER  - 
Hospitalizations after Renal Transplantation in Children: Risk Factors, Causes, and Outcomes$$$ Introduction: The aims of this study were to evaluate the frequency and causes of hospitalizations in the posttransplant period of children, investigate the risk factors, and evaluate the relationship between hospitalizations and renal prognosis in the long term. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the files of pediatric renal transplant patients, followed at least 6 months after kidney transplantation, in our center. Clinical information including age at transplantation, gender, primary disease, donor type, immuno-suppressive medication, hospitalization dates, and indications (infections and non-infectious) during follow-up period and graft outcomes was recorded. Results: A total of 74 children (46 males) were followed up for a median of 54 months. Among them, 69 patients (93.2%) were hospitalized 446 times. The most common cause of hospitalizations was infections (314 times, 70%). Urinary tract infections were the most important cause followed by upper respiratory tract infections. Forty (54%) patients were hospitalized 132 times (29.5%) for noninfectious reasons. The most common non-infectious reason was nonspecific graft dysfunction (19 patients, 30 times), followed by rejection (17 patients, 27 times). Younger age, use of induction therapy, and having congenital anomalies of kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) were found to be risk factors for increased hospitalization rates (p < 0.05). The number of hospitalizations was found to be negatively affecting the final glomerular filtration rate of transplant recipients (p: 0.04, r: –0.023). Conclusion: Patients with CAKUT, who received induction therapy, and small children were hospitalized more frequently after transplantation. Strategies to prevent hospitalizations will achieve a better graft prognosis. ER  - 
Testing neuro-oncology tenets: are MRI findings and symptoms different with true progression compared with immunotherapy-related treatment effect in patients with primary brain tumors?$$$ Background: Treatment effect (TE) poses a diagnostic challenge in patients treated with immunecheckpoint inhibitors (ICIs). Although TE has been described in patients with primary brain tumors (PBT) treated with chemoradiation as pseudo-progression, it has not been well characterized with ICI therapy. TE is thought to be less symptomatic than true tumor progression (TP), but this has not been well studied. We investigated MRI characteristics and symptoms in PBT patients with histologically confirmed TP or TE. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of 50 PBT patients treated with ICI therapy (single or doublet) with/without chemotherapy that had biopsy proven TP or TE, histologically confirmed with either mitotically active tumor cells or necrosis with macrophages without tumor cells, respectively. Blinded review of pre-operative MRI using T1-post contrast, T2-FLAIR, Perfusion, and Diffuse Weighted Index (DWI) sequences were evaluated for characteristics such as extent of T2- FLAIR, midline shift, and appearance of contrast enhancement. PRO symptom severity had been collected using the M.D. Anderson Symptom Inventory-Brain Tumor (MDASI-BT), and PROMIS Anxiety and Depression 8b short forms. Results: Forty had pathologically confirmed TP and 10 had TE; median age 44, predominantly male (58%), white (80%), non-Hispanic (82%) with GBM (40%). No differences in sex, age, ethnicity, diagnosis, prior treatment, or steroid use at the time of imaging between patients with TP vs TE. TE imaging was more likely to show midline shift (40%) on MRI than TP (9.7%), p-value=0.047. TE lesions had more T2-FLAIR relative to contrast enhancement; the ratio of contrast enhancement/T2-FLAIR hyperintensity was smaller in the TE group vs TP group (0.337 vs 0.569, respectively (p=0.010). Patients with TP had a significantly higher neurologic factor symptom score (1.88 vs 0.35, p-value=0.003). Of the neurologic symptoms, there were statistically significant group differences in numbness/tingling (1.8 vs 0.0, p<0.001) and weakness (2.8 vs 0.0, p<0.001) but not pain (2.1 vs 1.4, p<0.58) and seizures (0.8 vs 0.0, p<0.44). While not statistically significant but with effect sizes (ES) greater than 0.5, patients with TE had worse cognitive symptoms (factor score 2.3 vs 1.2, ES=0.62), difficulty remembering (4.0 vs 1.5, ES=1.03), and difficulty understanding (2.0 vs 0.7, ES=0.79), and worse scores on PROMIS Depression (51.9 vs 47.1, ES=0.51). Conclusions: TE was symptomatic and not uncommon (20%) in this cohort. The symptom profile between TE and TP differed; TE presented with more cognitive and affective symptoms, whereas TP presented with focal neurologic symptoms, including weakness and numbness/tingling. The imaging findings in TE of more midline shift and T2-FLAIR suggest a possible diffuse cytokine-release process causing parenchymal changes rather than tumor invasion. These findings highlight that TE with ICI treatment is common and may have symptoms and imaging changes that are related to the underlying inflammatory process. Confirmatory studies are required. ER  - 
Teaching NeuroImage: Radial Compression Neuropathy Secondary to Accessory Belly of the Triceps Muscle$$$ In the Resident & Fellow Section Teaching NeuroImage Radial Compression Neuropathy Secondary to Accessory Belly of the Triceps Muscle by Bastias et al.,1 the title for Figure 2 should be Left Radial Nerve on Ultrasound and Surgical Decompression. The editorial staff regret the omission. ER  - 
Longitudinal Disability, Cognitive Impairment, and Mood Symptoms in Patients with Anti-NMDA Receptor Encephalitis$$$ Background and ObjectivesLongitudinal outcomes in anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis (anti-NMDARe) are still not fully understood and may not be adequately captured with the modified Rankin Scale (mRS), often the sole reported outcome. We aim to characterize longitudinal outcomes in anti-NMDARe using multiple outcome measures.MethodsThis single-center, retrospective, observational study examined outcome measures (mRS and Clinical Assessment Scale in Autoimmune Encephalitis [CASE]) in adults with NMDA receptor-IgG in CSF at short- and long-term follow-ups using linear and logistic regression modeling. Patients with evaluations for cognitive impairment (Montreal Cognitive Assessment/Mini-Mental State Examination), depression (Patient Health Questionnaire-9), and anxiety (General Anxiety Disorder-7) >6 months from symptom onset were correlated with final CASE scores.ResultsThirty-eight patients (76% female, median disease onset age = 28 years, range = 1-75 years) were included. The majority received first-line immunosuppressants (97%) at a median of 3.9 weeks (interquartile range [IQR] = 2.1-9.7) from symptom onset and 68% received second-line therapies. At baseline, median/mean mRS and CASE were 4 (IQR = 3-5) and 12.9 (SD = 7.2), respectively. At short-term follow-up (median = 10 weeks, IQR = 6-17), factors associated with higher CASE and mRS included dysautonomia, coma/lethargy, seizures/status epilepticus, and intensive care unit admission (p < 0.05). At long-term follow-up (median = 70 weeks, IQR = 51-174), median/mean mRS and CASE were 2 (IQR = 1-3) and 4.4 (SD = 4.2), respectively. Only weakness at symptom onset predicted higher mRS scores (odds ratio = 5.6, 95% confidence interval 1.02-30.9, p = 0.047). Despite both mRS and CASE improving from baseline (p < 0.001), only 9 patients (31%) returned to their premorbid function. Among patients with cognitive and mood evaluations >6 months from onset, moderate-severe cognitive impairment (42%), depression (28%), and anxiety (30%) were frequent. Cognitive and depression measures were associated with final CASE subscores (including memory, language, weakness, and psychiatric).DiscussionMultiple clinical factors influenced short-term outcomes, but only onset weakness influenced long-term mRS, highlighting that mRS is predominantly affected by global motor function. Although mRS and CASE improved over time for most patients, these outcome measures did not capture the full extent of long-term functional impairment in terms of mood, cognition, and the ability to return to premorbid function. This emphasizes the need for increased utilization of more nuanced cognitive and mood outcome measures. ER  - 
Dispensaries and Medical Marijuana Certifications and Indications: Unveiling the Geographic Connections in Pennsylvania, USA$$$ Introduction: Pennsylvania opened its first medical marijuana (MMJ) dispensary in 2018. Qualifying conditions include six conditions determined to have no or insufficient evidence to support or refute MMJ effectiveness. We conducted a study to describe MMJ dispensary access in Pennsylvania and to determine whether dispensary proximity was associated withMMJ certifications and community demographics. Methods: Using data from the Pennsylvania Department of Health, we geocoded MMJ dispensary locations and linked them to US Census Bureau data. We created dispensary access measures from the populationweighted centroid of Zip Code Tabulation Areas (ZCTAs): distance to nearest dispensary and density of dispensaries within a 15-min drive. We evaluated associations between dispensary access and the proportion of adults who received MMJ certification and the proportion of certifications for low evidence conditions (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, epilepsy, glaucoma, Huntington's disease, opioid use disorder, and Parkinson's disease) using negative binomial modeling, adjusting for community features. To evaluate associations racial and ethnic composition of communities and distance to nearest dispensary, we used logistic regression to estimate the odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI), adjusting for median income. Results: Distance and density of MMJ dispensaries were associated with the proportion of the ZCTA population certified and the proportion of certifications for insufficient evidence conditions. Compared to ZCTAs with no dispensary within 15 min, the proportion of adults certified increased by up to 31% and the proportion of certifications for insufficient evidence decreased by up to 22% for ZCTAs with two dispensaries. From 2018 to 2021, the odds of being within five miles of a dispensary was up to 20 times higher in ZCTAs with the highest proportions of individuals who were not White (2019: OR: 20.14, CI: 10.7-37.8) and more than double in ZCTAs with the highest proportion of Hispanic individuals (2018: OR: 2.81, CI: 1.51-5.24), compared to ZCTAs with the lowest proportions. Conclusions: Greater dispensary access was associated with the proportions of certified residents and certifications for low evidence conditions. Whether these patterns are due to differences in accessibility or demand is unknown. Associations between community demographics and dispensary proximity may indicate MMJ access differences. ER  - 
Neuropsychological Profiles, Etiologies, and Medical Comorbidities in Early-Onset Dementia and Cognitive Impairment: A Memory Outpatient Clinic Cohort Study$$$ Background: Although early-onset dementia (EOD) is associated with diagnostic challenges that differ from those related to late-onset dementia, only limited studies have addressed the neuropsychological and health characteristics or specified the diagnoses underlying early-onset cognitive impairment in a real-world clinical setting. Objective: To investigate the neuropsychological profiles, etiologies, and comorbidities of an unselected cohort of memory clinic patients (≤65 years at symptom onset). Methods: The patients’ (n = 210) diagnoses were determined based on comprehensive diagnostic workup. Medical comorbidities and neuropsychological profiles were compared between clinically relevant patient groups, namely early-onset dementia (n = 55), mild cognitive impairment due to vascular or suspected neurodegenerative (MCI-n, n = 35) or non-neurodegenerative (MCI-o, n = 106) etiologies, and subjective cognitive decline (n = 14). Results: The most prevalent diagnoses were Alzheimer’s disease (AD, 14%) and depression (11%). Multiple prior medical conditions were common (67%); however, EOD patients had fewer other diagnoses (p = 0.008) than MCI-o patients. Compared to other groups, EOD patients had more severe deficits (p < 0.001) on immediate and delayed memory, processing speed, symptom awareness, and global cognition. AD patients had weaker memory retention ability but less behavioral symptoms than frontotemporal dementia (FTD) patients (p ≤ 0.05). Depression was associated with better immediate memory, symptom awareness, and global cognition than AD and FTD (p < 0.05). Conclusions: EOD is associated with more severe and widespread neuropsychological deficits but fewer prior medical diagnoses than nondegenerative etiologies of cognitive impairment. AD and depression are common etiologies and the neuropsychological profiles are partly overlapping; however, memory, symptom awareness and global cognitive impairment measures may help in the differential diagnosis. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes of paediatric Guillain–Barré syndrome$$$ Aim: To study long-term sequelae in children with Guillain–Barré syndrome (GBS). Method: This was a prospective observational study with children from two French tertiary centres. Data were from clinical and several standardized scales or questionnaires. Results: Fifty-one patients were included with a median follow-up of 6 years 4 months (range 3–20 years) after the acute phase. The sequelae rate was 67% (95% confidence interval [CI] 53–78) and did not vary with time. Most children had minor sequelae (Guillain–Barré Syndrome Disability Score [GBSDS] = 1); only one was unable to run (GBSDS = 2). The most frequent complaints were paraesthesia (43%), pain (35%), and fatigue (31%). The neurological examination was abnormal in 18% of children, autonomy was compromised in 14%, and symptoms of depression occurred in 34%. The factors associated with late-onset sequelae were correlated with severity during the initial phase (i.e. initial GBSDS >4, odds ratio 6.6, 95% CI 1.8–33; p = 0.009). The predictive factors of more severe late-onset conditions were initial severity (p = 0.002) and sex (female patients; p = 0.01). Interpretation: Two-thirds of children with GBS had late-onset sequelae following an episode, often minor, but sometimes with continuing effects on their everyday lives. Particularly affected were those who had severe GBS during the acute phase and who lost the ability to walk. What this paper adds: Two-thirds of children with Guillain–Barré syndrome (GBS) had persistent sequelae. Sequelae were often minor, but daily repercussions of them were sometimes serious. Sequelae were significantly associated with severe GBS during the acute phase. ER  - 
Depression, anxiety, stress, and suicide risk in patients with functional seizures vs. those with epilepsy$$$ Background: We aimed to investigate the rates of positive screening for depression, anxiety, stress, and suicide risk in adults with seizures [i.e., well-matched groups of patients with focal epilepsy vs. idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE) vs. functional seizures (FS)]. Methods: This was a cross sectional study. Patients, 19–55 years of age, with a diagnosis of IGE, focal epilepsy or FS were investigated at the outpatient epilepsy clinic at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz, Iran, from September 2022 until January 2023 and during their follow-up visits. We used the validated Farsi version of DASS-21 (Depression-Anxiety-Stress Scale) to investigate and screen for depression, anxiety, and stress in these patients. We also used the Beck Scale for Suicide Ideation (BSSI). Results: Forty patients with focal epilepsy, 40 persons with IGE, and 40 individuals with FS were included. Depression and anxiety were more prevalent among patients with FS compared with those with epilepsy. The rate of stress among patients with FS was not significantly different compared with that in patients with epilepsy. The suicide risks were not significantly different between the groups either. Conclusion: Patients with FS are at high risk for psychiatric comorbidities that is comparable or even worse than that in patients with epilepsy. Specific validated scales to screen for psychiatric comorbidities and suicide risk should be integral components of the evaluation and treatment of all patients with seizures. ER  - 
Real-world use of Safinamide in motor fluctuating Parkinson’s disease patients in Italy$$$ Introduction: Safinamide is a recent antiparkinsonian drug that modulates both dopaminergic and glutamatergic systems with positive effects on motor and nonmotor symptoms of Parkinson’s disease (PD). Here, we aimed to describe the efficacy and safety of safinamide in the Italian PD patients in real-life conditions. Methods: We performed a sub-analysis of the Italian cohort of the SYNAPSES study, a multi-country, multi-center, retrospective-prospective cohort observational study, designed to investigate the use of safinamide in routine clinical practice. Patients received for the first time a treatment with safinamide and were followed up for 12 months. The analysis was conducted on the overall population and in subgroups of interest: i) patients > 75 years, ii) patients with relevant comorbidities and iii) patients affected by psychiatric symptoms. Results: Italy enrolled 616/1610 patients in 52 centers, accounting for 38% of the entire SYNAPSES cohort. Of the patients enrolled, 86.0% were evaluable at 12 months, with 23.3% being > 75 years, 42.4% with psychiatric conditions and 67.7% with relevant comorbidities. Safinamide was effective on motor symptoms and fluctuations as measured through the Unified PD rating scale III and IV scores, and on the total score, without safety issues in none of the subgroups considered. Conclusion: The SYNAPSES data related to Italian patients confirms the good safety profile of safinamide even in special groups of patients. Motor fluctuations and motor impairment improved at the follow-up suggesting the significant role of safinamide in managing motor symptoms in PD patients. ER  - 
The role of unidentified bright objects in the neurocognitive profile of neurofibromatosis type 1 children: a volumetric MRI analysis$$$ Purpose: Cognitive impairment is described in 80% of Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) patients. Brain focal areas of T2w increased signal intensity on MRI, the so-called Unidentified Bright Objects (UBOs) have been hypothesized to be related to cognitive dysfunction, although conflicting results are available in literature. Here, we investigated the possible relation between UBOs’ volume, cognitive impairment, and language disability in NF1 patients. Material and methods: In this retrospective study, clinical and MRI data of 21 NF1 patients (M/F = 12/9; mean age 10.1 ± 4.5) were evaluated. Brain intellectual functioning and language abilities were assessed with specific scales, while the analyzed MRI sequences included axial 2D-T2-weighted and FLAIR sequences. These images were used independently for UBOs segmentation with a semiautomatic approach and obtained volumes were normalized for biparietal diameters to take into account for brain volume. Possible differences in terms of normalized UBOs volumes were probed between cognitively affected and preserved patients, as well as between subjects with or without language impairment. Results: Patients cognitively affected were not different in terms of UBOs volume compared to those preserved (p = 0.35 and p = 0.30, for T2-weighted and FLAIR images, respectively). Similarly, no differences were found between patients with and without language impairment (p = 0.47 and p = 0.40, for the two sequences). Conclusions: The relation between UBOs and cognition in children with NF1 has been already investigated in literature, although leading to conflicting results. Our study expands the current knowledge, showing a lack of correlation between UBOs volume and both cognitive impairment and language disability in NF1 patients. ER  - 
Pediatric craniopharyngioma: a 20-year study on epidemiological features, clinical presentation, and survival outcomes in a tertiary care center from LMIC$$$ Introduction: Craniopharyngioma constitutes approximately 10% of primary brain tumors in children. It can cause considerable morbidity and mortality due to the local aggressiveness of the tumor itself or its management affecting the hypothalamus-pituitary axis and optic pathway involvement. There is very scarce data available from LMIC which makes the management controversial where multidisciplinary teams are already not available in most of the centers. This is a single-center cross-sectional retrospective review of 20-year record of 49 patients with craniopharyngioma treated between 2001 and 2020 at Aga Khan University Hospital, a tertiary care center in Karachi, Pakistan. Methods: We have assessed the epidemiological data of children presenting with the diagnosis of craniopharyngioma, treatment modalities used, and neurological, endocrine, and hypothalamic complications in these patients. The assessment involved a retrospective review of medical records and medical follow-up. Results: Out of a total of 49 patients, 26 (53%) were male, and 23 (46.9%) were female. The mean age was 9.5 years (SD ± 4.5 years). Most common symptoms at initial presentation were headache 41 (83.6%), visual deficit 40 (81.6%), nausea and vomiting 26 (53%), and endocrine abnormalities 16 (32%). Treatment modalities used at our center include gross total resection 11 (22%) and subtotal resection 38 (77%) out of total, while 6 (12.2%) patients received intracystic interferon. Histopathologic findings of the majority of patients (40 (81%)) revealed an adamantinomatous type of tumor. Only 23 (46.9%) children followed in clinic post-op. Median follow-up after craniopharyngioma presentation was 5 years (± 2.1 SD, range: 2–10 years). Pituitary hormone deficiencies (98%) and visual disturbances (75%) were the most common long-term health conditions observed. Conclusions: Since pituitary hormone deficiencies and visual disturbance were the most common long-term health conditions observed in our study, these patients require a multidisciplinary team follow-up to improve their quality of life. ER  - 
Comparing patient reported and medical record data of adverse drug reactions to anti-seizure drugs$$$ Background: Anti-seizure drugs (ASDs) can potentially cause serious adverse drug reactions (ADRs). Patient self-reporting can increase the rate of ADR detection, but studies examining patient self-reporting of ADRs caused by ASDs are lacking. Aim: To determine the characteristics of ADRs reported by patients receiving ASDs, assess laboratory data and medical record confirmation of patient-reported ADRs, and explore factors associated with laboratory data and medical record confirmation. Method: A self-reporting questionnaire was distributed to patients prescribed ASDs at outpatient clinics. Patients assessed the causality of suspected ADRs using Causality Assessment Tool. Naranjo's algorithm was used by researchers for causality assessment. Medical records were used to gather information on ADR symptoms, ASD medication, and abnormal laboratory data. Results: From 478 distributed questionnaires, 93.1% completed the questionnaire and 67.4% of respondents reported at least one ADR. The most common ADRs were drowsiness (50.7%), dizziness (9.7%), and ataxia (4.3%). For causality, suspected ADRs were classified as possible in 52.3% of cases and probable in 46.3% of cases by patients, and possible in 64.7% of cases and probable in 25.7% of cases by researchers. Only 12.7% of patients had laboratory data and/or medical record confirmation of suspected ADRs. The psychiatry clinic was less likely to confirm suspected ADRs compared to the epilepsy clinic (OR = 0.412, p = 0.022). Conclusion: Confirmation of patient-reported ADRs with either laboratory data or medical records was uncommon. Recording patient-reported ADRs in patients’ medical history and monitoring laboratory tests related to patient-reported symptoms should be promoted to increase the safety of ASD treatment. ER  - 
Influence of sleep disturbance, depression, anxiety, and stress on quality of life in people with epilepsy$$$ Objectives: We assessed the quality of life, sleep, depression, anxiety, and stress in people with pharmacoresistant epilepsy (PRE) and newly diagnosed epilepsy (NDE). We also assessed the influence of sleep, depression, anxiety, and stress on the quality of life (QOL) and the complex association between these factors. Methods: We recruited 80 PRE and 70 NDE people attending the epilepsy clinic. We assessed QOL, sleep quality, daytime sleepiness, and mood using the quality of life in epilepsy-31 inventory (QOLIE-31), Pittsburgh sleep quality index (PSQI), Epworth sleepiness scale (ESS), and depression anxiety stress scale (DASS-21). We compared the results between the two groups of epilepsy populations. We performed univariate and multivariate linear regression to determine the factors affecting the QOLIE-31 total score. We applied Spearman's rank correlation to find the interrelationship between variables influencing QOL. Results: We found significantly lower QOLIE-31 total scores (p =.001) in PRE compared to NDE. The PSQI and ESS did not differ significantly between the PRE and NDE groups. Anxiety (p =.002) and stress (p =.003) scores were significantly higher in PRE than in NDE. QOLIE-31 total scores showed a negative correlation with PSQI as well as symptoms of depression, anxiety, and stress scores in both groups. Multiple linear regression analysis revealed depression as a major factor influencing the QOLIE-31 total score in PRE (p =.001) and NDE (p =.003). We found significant complex associations between PSQI, depression, anxiety, stress, and QOLIE total scores in both groups. Significance: The QOL is poorer for people with PRE than for those with NDE. Depression is a major determinant of QOL in PWE. These factors need to be considered to improve the QOL in epilepsy. ER  - 
Age at diagnosis and diagnostic delay across attention-deficit hyperactivity and autism spectrums$$$ Background: Despite the known benefits of accurate and timely diagnosis for children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorders (autism), for some children this goal is not always achieved. Existing research has explored diagnostic delay for autism and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder only, and when attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism co-occur, autism has been the focus. No study has directly compared age at diagnosis and diagnostic delay for males and females across attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, autism and specifically, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder + autism. Methods: Australian caregivers (N = 677) of children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, autism or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder + autism were recruited via social media (n = 594) and the Monash Autism and ADHD Genetics and Neurodevelopment Project (n = 83). Caregivers reported on their child’s diagnostic process. Diagnostic delay was the mean difference between general initial developmental concerns and the child’s attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism diagnosis. Results: Children with autism were significantly younger at autism diagnosis than the attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder + autism group (ηp2 = 0.06), whereas children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder were significantly older at attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder diagnosis than the attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder + autism group (ηp2 = 0.01). Delay to attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism diagnosis was significantly longer in the attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder + autism group compared to attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ηp2 = 0.02) and autism (η2 = 0.04) only. Delay to autism diagnosis for females with autism (η2 = 0.06) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder + autism (η2 = 0.04) was longer compared to males. Conclusions: Having attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder + autism and being female were associated with longer delays to diagnosis. The reasons for these delays and possible adverse effects on outcomes require further study. ER  - 
Suspected tick-borne flavivirus meningoencephalomyelitis in dogs from the UK: six cases (2021)$$$ Objectives: Tick-borne encephalitis virus and louping ill virus are neurotropic flaviviruses transmitted by ticks. Epidemiologically, tick-borne encephalitis is endemic in Europe whereas louping ill's predominant geographical distribution is the UK. Rarely, these flaviviruses affect dogs causing neurological signs. This case series aimed to describe the clinical, clinicopathological, and imaging findings, as well as the outcomes in six dogs with meningoencephalitis and/or meningomyelitis caused by a flavivirus in the UK in 2021. Materials and Methods: Observational retrospective case-series study. Clinical data were retrieved from medical records of dogs with positive serological or immunohistochemical results from three different institutions from spring to winter 2021. Results: Six dogs were included in the study. All dogs presented an initial phase of pyrexia and/or lethargy followed by progressive signs of spinal cord and/or intracranial disease. Magnetic resonance imaging showed bilateral and symmetrical lesions affecting the grey matter of the thalamus, pons, medulla oblongata, and thoracic or lumbar intumescences with none or mild parenchymal and meningeal contrast enhancement. Serology for tick-borne encephalitis virus was positive in five dogs with the presence of seroconversion in two dogs. The viral distinction between flaviviruses was not achieved. One dog with negative serology presented positive immunohistochemistry at post-mortem examination. Three dogs survived but presented neurological sequelae. Three dogs were euthanased due to the rapid progression of the clinical signs or static neurological signs. Clinical Significance: These cases raise awareness of the presence of tick-borne encephalitis as an emergent disease or the increased prevalence of louping ill virus affecting dogs in the UK. ER  - 
An Integrative Nomogram for Identifying Cognitive Impairment Using Seizure Type and Cerebral Small Vessel Disease Neuroimaging Markers in Patients with Late-Onset Epilepsy of Unknown Origin$$$ Introduction: Cognitive impairment (CI) is a common comorbidity in patients with late-onset epilepsy of unknown origin (LOEU). However, limited data are available on effective screening methods for CI at an early stage. We aimed to develop and internally validate a nomogram for identifying patients with LOEU at risk of CI and investigate the potential moderating effect of education on the relationship between periventricular white matter hyperintensities (PVHs) and cognitive function. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the clinical data of 61 patients aged ≥ 55 years diagnosed with LOEU. The main outcome was CI, reflected as an adjusted Montreal Cognition Assessment score of < 26 points. A nomogram based on a multivariable logistic regression model was constructed. Its discriminative ability, calibration, and clinical applicability were tested using calibration plots, the area under the curve (AUC), and decision curves. Internal model validation was conducted using the bootstrap method. The moderating effect of education on the relationship between PVH and cognitive function was examined using hierarchical linear regression. Results: Forty-four of 61 (72.1%) patients had CI. A nomogram incorporating seizure type, total cerebral small vessel disease burden score, and PVH score was built to identify the risk factors for CI. The AUC of the model was 0.881 (95% confidence interval: 0.771–0.994) and 0.78 (95% confidence interval: 0.75–0.8) after internal validation. Higher educational levels blunted the negative impact of PVH on cognitive function. Conclusion: Our nomogram provides a convenient tool for identifying patients with LOEU who are at risk of CI. Moreover, our findings demonstrate the importance of education for these patients. ER  - 
Prospective study of cenobamate on cognition, affectivity, and quality of life in focal epilepsy$$$ Objective: Cenobamate is a recently approved antiseizure medication that proved to be safe and effective in randomized controlled trials. However, little is known about its impact on some areas frequently affected by epilepsy. For this reason, we explored the effects of cenobamate on cognitive performance, as well as on negative affectivity and quality of life in a sample of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy. Methods: Two prospective cohort studies were carried out. In Study 1, 32 patients (22 men and 10 women) underwent a baseline (T0) and a short-term (T1) neuropsychological assessment after 3 months of cenobamate administration. In Study 2, 22 patients (16 men and 6 women) from the T1 sample also underwent a baseline and a follow-up evaluation (T2) 6 months after T0. Results: No significant differences were found in cognitive variables, negative affectivity, and quality of life either in Study 1 or Study 2. Similarly, based on the reliable change index, it was found that most patients showed no changes in these variables. Significance: These results suggest that cenobamate is a safe antiseizure medication in terms of cognition, negative affectivity, or quality of life since no adverse events have been found after 3 and 6 months of treatment. Plain Language Summary: Cenobamate is a new antiseizure medication. In patients with epilepsy, cenobamate seems to not affect cognition, anxiety, depression, or quality of life. ER  - 
A real-world comparison among third-generation antiseizure medications: Results from the COMPARE study$$$ Objective: There are few comparative data on the third-generation antiseizure medications (ASMs). We aimed to assess and compare the effectiveness of brivaracetam (BRV), eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL), lacosamide (LCM), and perampanel (PER) in people with epilepsy (PWE). Efficacy and tolerability were compared as secondary objectives. Methods: This multicenter, retrospective study collected data from 22 Italian neurology/epilepsy centers. All adult PWE who started add-on treatment with one of the studied ASMs between January 2018 and October 2021 were included. Retention rate was established as effectiveness measure and described using Kaplan–Meier curves and the best fitting survival model. The responder status and the occurrence of adverse events (AEs) were used to evaluate efficacy and safety, respectively. The odds of AEs and drug efficacy were estimated by two multilevel logistic models. Results: A total of 960 patients (52.92% females, median age = 43 years) met the inclusion criteria. They mainly suffered from structural epilepsy (52.29%) with monthly (46.2%) focal seizures (69.58%). Compared with LCM, all the studied ASMs had a higher dropout risk, statistically significant in the BRV levetiracetam (LEV)-naïve (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.97, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.17–3.29) and PER groups (HR = 1.64, 95% CI = 1.06–2.55). Women were at higher risk of discontinuing ESL (HR = 5.33, 95% CI = 1.71–16.61), as well as PER-treated patients with unknown epilepsy etiology versus those with structural etiology (HR = 1.74, 95% CI = 1.05–2.88). BRV with prior LEV therapy showed lower odds of efficacy (odds ratio [OR] =.08, 95% CI =.01–.48) versus LCM, whereas a higher efficacy was observed in women treated with BRV and LEV-naïve (OR = 10.32, 95% CI = 1.55–68.78) versus men. PER (OR = 6.93, 95% CI = 3.32–14.44) and BRV in LEV-naïve patients (OR = 6.80, 95% CI = 2.64–17.52) had a higher chance of AEs than LCM. Significance: Comparative evidence from real-world studies may help clinicians to tailor treatments according to patients' demographic and clinical characteristics. ER  - 
Leukotriene antagonists reduce epileptic seizures-related hospitalization in older adult populations with allergic rhinitis or asthma: A population-based cohort study using the Shizuoka Kokuho database: The Shizuoka study$$$ Objective: Managing the risk of epileptic seizures in older adults is increasingly important as the population ages. Leukotriene receptor antagonists (LTRAs) are commonly used to treat asthma or allergic rhinitis. Preclinical studies suggest that LTRAs have antiepileptic effects; however, few population-based etiological studies on this topic have been available. Our study explored whether LTRAs reduce hospitalization risk associated with epileptic seizures in older individuals with asthma or allergic rhinitis. Methods: We conducted a new-user design analysis using the Shizuoka Kokuho database. We included all individuals aged 60-89 years who had at least one episode of allergic rhinitis or asthma during the study period. We compared individuals who newly started LTRAs with those who did not take LTRAs. Propensity score matching was used to balance the baseline characteristics of the participants. We compared the hazard ratios for seizure-related hospitalization between new LTRA users and non-users and performed subgroup analyses. Results: Our matched cohorts consisted of 64 724 new users and non-users of LTRAs who were aged 60-89 years and had asthma or allergic rhinitis. During the observation period, 377 (0.58%) and 595 (0.92%) incidents were observed in the LTRA new-user and non-user groups, respectively. The hazard ratio for seizure-related hospitalization was 0.75 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.62-0.92) in the LTRA new-user group compared with the non-user group. Subgroup analysis revealed that the hazard ratio was weak in diabetic patients (1.31; 95% CI: 0.72-2.38). Significance: This study indicated that LTRAs reduced seizure-related hospitalization in older adult patients with allergic rhinitis or asthma. We could not evaluate the severity and related diseases of epileptic seizures during LTRAs. Further studies, including observational studies, detailed multicenter prospective studies, and clinical trials, are needed to validate these findings. Plain Language Summary: This study examined if leukotriene receptor antagonists (LTRAs), commonly used for asthma or allergies, could lower seizure risk in older adults. Analyzing health records of 60-89 year-olds with asthma or allergies, we found a reduced rate of seizure-related hospitalizations in those starting LTRAs, though this was not as evident in diabetic patients. Our results suggest potential benefits of LTRAs in preventing seizures in older adults with respiratory issues, but further research is needed to confirm these findings. ER  - 
Frequency of epilepsy and pathological EEG findings in a Norwegian sample of children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder: Impact on cognition and adaptive functioning$$$ Background: Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder (FASD) comprises a combination of developmental, cognitive, and behavioral disabilities that occur in children exposed to alcohol prenatally. A higher prevalence of epilepsy and pathological electroencephalographic (EEG) features have also been reported in individuals with FASD. We examined the frequency of epilepsy, pathological EEG findings, and their implications for cognitive and adaptive functioning in children with FASD. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study of 148 children with FASD who underwent a multidisciplinary assessment and a 120-min EEG recording. Group comparisons and regression analyses were performed to test the associations between epilepsy and pathological EEG findings, FASD subgroups and neurocognitive test results and adaptive functioning. Results: The frequency of epilepsy was 6%, which compares with 0.7% in Norway overall. Seventeen percent of children without epilepsy had pathological EEG findings. Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) was diagnosed in 64% of the children. Children with epilepsy and/or pathological EEG findings had comparable cognitive and adaptive scores to those with normal EEG. However, children with frontal EEG pathology (without epilepsy) had significantly lower scores on the IQ indices Processing speed and Working memory than FASD children without such findings, irrespective of ADHD comorbidity. Conclusions: There was a greater prevalence of epilepsy among children with FASD than in the general Norwegian population. A greater frequency of EEG pathology was also evident in children without epilepsy, across all FASD subgroups. Irrespective of epilepsy, ADHD comorbidity, and FASD subgroup, children with frontal EEG pathology, despite having a normal total IQ, showed significantly slower processing speed and poorer working memory, which may indicate specific executive function deficits that could affect learning and adaptive functioning. ER  - 
Understanding the impact of socioeconomic and health factors on geriatric depression: A comparative study in rural and urban Bangladesh$$$ Background and Aims: The prevalence of depression among the elderly is a growing concern, and this study examines the differences between urban and rural areas in terms of geriatric depression. Methods: Using a two-stage random sampling approach in urban areas and a multistage random sampling approach in rural areas, the study surveyed 944 elderly individuals of both sexes. Results: The results indicate that the prevalence of depression was high, with 52.5% of the elderly population experiencing mild to severe depression. The study found that increasing age, female gender, nuclear family structure, and involvement of housewives or others were significant factors affecting depression in urban areas, while increasing age and elderly people without spouses were significant factors in rural areas. Additionally, the study identified hearing impairment, asthma, and arthritis as risk factors for depression in rural areas, and bronchitis, heart disease, and thyroid illness as significant factors in urban areas. Conclusion: These findings highlight the need for policymakers to focus on addressing the mental health needs of older people, particularly women and those without spouses. ER  - 
Epidemiology of Pertussis and Pertussis-Related Complications in Adults: A German Claims Data Analysis$$$ Introduction: Pertussis is a highly contagious respiratory infection. It affects people of all ages, yet evidence of the impact of pertussis in adults with underlying conditions (UCs) is scarce. This study investigated the incidence and complication rate of pertussis in adult patients with and without UC. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted using routinely collected German claims data between 2015 and 2019. Patients with and without different pneumological, cardiovascular, endocrinological, musculoskeletal, and psychological UCs were matched for incidence estimation. Logistic regression models were used to estimate the risk of pertussis depending on the presence of UCs. Negative binomial models were used to assess complication rates in patients with pertussis and with and without UC. Results: In total, 4383 patients were diagnosed with pertussis during the study period. Patients with any UC had an increased risk for pertussis compared to matched patients without UC (odds ratio [OR] 1.72; 95% confidence interval [CI]1.60–1.84, p < 0.0001). Underlying asthma had the highest risk of pertussis (OR 2.70; 95% CI 2.50–2.91, p < 0.0001), followed by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (OR 2.35; 95% CI 2.10–2.60, p < 0.0001) and depression (OR 2.08; 95% CI 1.95–2.22, p < 0.0001). Severe complications occurred in 10.8% of the pertussis cohort (13.4% with UC vs. 9.5% without UC). The UC-attributable effect on the risk of severe pertussis-related complications was significantly increased for any UC (incidence rate ratio [IRR] 1.29, 95% CI 1.19–1.39). The severe complication risk was also increased for patients aged 60+ (IRR 1.59, 95% CI 1.46–1.72). Conclusion: This study shows that adults with certain UCs have an increased risk for pertussis and are more likely to have complications. These results provide further evidence that pertussis is a relevant and impactful infectious disease in adults with and without certain UC, indicating that these patients need to be considered when developing vaccination recommendations to avoid pertussis and its associated complications. A graphical abstract is available with this article. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.) ER  - 
Knowledge and Attitudes of Cannabidiol in Croatia among Students, Physicians, and Pharmacists$$$ Due to cannabidiol’s health benefits and absence of serious side effects, its use is constantly growing. This is a survey-based cross-sectional study that was conducted to determine Croatian pharmacists’, physicians’, and students’ knowledge and attitudes about cannabidiol (CBD). Two questionnaires were created, one for students and the other for physicians and pharmacists. Our participants (in total 874: 473 students and 401 physicians and pharmacists) generally had positive attitudes towards CBD therapy as approximately 60% of them believe that CBD treatment is generally efficacious. Participants had positive attitudes toward the therapeutic value of CBD, especially pharmacists and pharmacy students (63.8% and 72.2%, respectively). Pharmacists were significantly more convinced that CBD could reduce the use of opioids prescribed for chronic pain (p < 0.05). Only 17.5% of students had read scientific papers about CBD, compared to a significantly higher percentage of physicians and pharmacists (43.0% and 47.8%, respectively) (p < 0.05). This study revealed a gap in knowledge regarding CBD, since 89.3% of pharmacists and physicians, as well as 84.8% of students, believe they need more education about CBD. We conclude that it is important to improve the educational curricula so that medical professionals can recommend CBD use to their patients when needed. ER  - 
The Impact of Demographic Characteristics on Parenting Stress among Parents of Children with Disabilities: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Even though it is already known that parents of children with developmental delays or disabilities experience higher parenting stress than families of typically developing children, the contributing factors need to be analyzed in more detail. The aim of this cross-sectional study was to examine the influence of demographic characteristics on parenting stress from caring for a disabled child and to identify possible protective or additional stressful social factors. A total of 611 mothers and fathers of children with developmental delays, chronic diseases, or disabilities completed two questionnaires during their medical appointments at the Children’s Development Center (CDC) of Leipzig University Hospital between June 2020 and February 2021. These consisted of the German versions of the Parenting Stress Index (PSI) and the Impact on Family Scale (IOFS). To determine differences between the various groups, we used parametric and non-parametric tests. Mothers and single parents are significantly more strained than fathers and non-single parents. Parents with vocational training, those who graduated with a higher-level diploma, and those within employment report a higher financial burden. While unemployed and full-time workers experience the lowest stress, parents who work part-time or exclusively take care of their child show higher levels of stress. Looking at the age of the child, parents of children of young primary school age are the most stressed, and those of infants are the least stressed. These findings suggest that mothers and single parents especially should receive more support, and parents need to be provided with more attention during their child’s entry into school. Possible limitations and the influence of the COVID-19 pandemic are discussed. ER  - 
Atomoxetine Treatment of Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms in 3–6-Year-Old Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Atomoxetine is indicated for the management of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents aged 6 to 18 years. Few studies have assessed the safety and tolerability of atomoxetine in younger patients. This retrospective cohort study included 133 children aged 3–6 years who were diagnosed with ADHD comorbid with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). The primary endpoint was the evaluation of the safety profile of atomoxetine. In total, 50 patients (37.6%) experienced adverse events (AEs), which led to treatment discontinuation in 23 patients (17.3%). The most common AEs were gastrointestinal (24.1%), aggression or hostility (12.8%), and increased hyperactivity (9.0%). In the 23 patients who discontinued treatment, all the AEs resolved after treatment ceased. Among the 110 patients who completed at least 6 months’ treatment, atomoxetine titrated to a dose of 1.2–1.8 mg/kg/day appeared to be well tolerated and effective. The Clinical Global Impression—Improvement score improved to 1 (“very much improved”) and 2 (“much improved”) in 62.4% and 20.3% of children, respectively, at their last visit. Overall, atomoxetine appeared to be well tolerated in younger children with comorbid ADHD and ASD. Nevertheless, close patient monitoring remains essential, and the study limitations necessitate caution in generalizing these findings to broader populations. Long-term prospective studies are required. ER  - 
Corticosteroids versus clobazam for treatment of children with epileptic encephalopathy with spike-wave activation in sleep (RESCUE ESES): a multicentre randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Epileptic encephalopathy with spike-wave activation in sleep (EE-SWAS) is a rare syndrome associated with cognitive and behavioural regression. On the basis of mostly small observational and retrospective studies, corticosteroids and clobazam are often considered the most effective treatments for this syndrome. We aimed to compare cognitive outcomes of children with EE-SWAS 6 months after starting treatment with either corticosteroids or clobazam. Methods: We did a multicentre, randomised controlled trial at eight tertiary referral centres for rare epilepsies in seven European countries. Children were eligible to participate if they were aged 2–12 years, were diagnosed with EE-SWAS within 6 months before inclusion, and had not been treated with corticosteroids or clobazam previously. Participants were randomly assigned (1:1) to treatment with corticosteroids (either continuous treatment with 1–2 mg/kg per day of prednisolone orally or pulse treatment with 20 mg/kg per day of methylprednisolone intravenously for 3 days every 4 weeks) or clobazam (0·5–1·2 mg/kg per day orally). The primary outcome was cognitive functioning after 6 months of treatment, which was assessed by either the intelligence quotient (IQ) responder rate (defined as improvement of ≥11·25 IQ points) or the cognitive sum score responder rate (defined as improvement of ≥0·75 points). Safety was assessed by number of adverse events and serious adverse events. Data were analysed in the intention-to-treat population, which included all children as randomised who had primary outcome data available at 6 months. The trial is registered with the Dutch Trial Register, Toetsingonline, NL43510.041.13, and the ISRCTN registry, ISRCTN42686094. The trial was terminated prematurely because enrolment of the predefined number of 130 participants was deemed not feasible. Findings: Between July 22, 2014, and Sept 3, 2022, 45 children were randomly assigned to either corticosteroids (n=22) or clobazam (n=23); two children assigned clobazam dropped out before 6 months and were excluded from the intention-to-treat analysis. At the 6-month assessment, an improvement of 11·25 IQ points or greater was reported for five (25%) of 20 children assigned corticosteroids versus zero (0%) of 18 assigned clobazam (risk ratio [RR] 10·0, 95% CI 1·2–1310·4; p=0·025). An improvement of 0·75 points or more in the cognitive sum score was recorded for one (5%) of 22 children assigned corticosteroids versus one (5%) of 21 children assigned clobazam (RR 1·0, 95% CI 0·1–11·7, p=0·97). Adverse events occurred in ten (45%) of 22 children who received corticosteroids, most frequently weight gain, and in 11 (52%) of 21 children who received clobazam, most often fatigue and behavioural disturbances. Occurrence of adverse events did not differ between groups (RR 0·8, 95% CI 0·4–1·4; p=0·65). Serious adverse events occurred in one child in the corticosteroid group (hospitalisation due to laryngitis) and in two children in the clobazam group (hospitalisation due to seizure aggravation, and respiratory tract infection). No deaths were reported. Interpretation: The trial was terminated prematurely, and the target sample size was not met, so our findings must be interpreted with caution. Our data indicated an improvement in IQ outcomes with corticosteroids compared with clobazam treatment, but no difference was seen in cognitive sum score. Our findings strengthen those from previous uncontrolled studies that support the early use of corticosteroids for children with EE-SWAS. Funding: EpilepsieNL, WKZ fund, European Clinical Research Infrastructure Network, and Ming fund. ER  - 
Multidisciplinary Care May Help to Reduce Disparities Associated With Race in Youth With Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures$$$ Background: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are a common type of functional neurological disorder in which patients experience seizurelike episodes. Health disparities based on race and socioeconomics, documented in children with epilepsy and adults with PNES, have not been reported in children and adolescents with PNES. We hypothesize that disparities exist in this population, which impact overall care and therefore influence outcomes. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed youth referred to our multidisciplinary clinic from 2018 to 2020. All patient charts were screened by social work before the visit to identify potential barriers to care, and a nurse conducted follow-up calls. Patients' race was identified from the electronic health record and compared with several variables. Outcomes were collected via phone follow-up. Descriptive statistics were produced, and comparisons between white patients and patients of other races were completed using Fisher exact tests and multivariable logistic regressions. Results: During the study period, 237 patients were eligible for the analysis. Sixty-eight patients (29%) identified as a race other than white. Only 60%, 56%, and 40% of the cohort were reached for follow-up at one, three, and 12 months, respectively. In general, outcomes were similar between racial groups; however, we found that patients of nonwhite race were more likely to receive support from social work due to barriers identified in screening (P = 0.045). Conclusions: Health disparities based on race may exist in youth with PNES. A multidisciplinary clinic including social work may help mitigate barriers leading to more equitable care and similar outcomes for white and nonwhite youth with PNES. ER  - 
Effect of erythropoietin on cognitive side-effects of electroconvulsive therapy in depression: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial: Effects of EPO on cognitive side-effects of ECT$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective and rapid-acting treatment for severe depression but is associated with cognitive side-effects. Identification of add-on treatments that counteract these side-effects would be very helpful. This randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study investigated the effects of four add-on erythropoietin (EPO; 40,000 IU/ml) or saline (placebo) infusions over 2.5 weeks of ECT (eight ECT sessions) in severely depressed patients with unipolar or bipolar depression. Neuropsychological assessments were conducted pre-ECT, three days after the eighth ECT (week 4), and at a 3-month follow-up. Further, functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) was conducted after the eighth ECT. The primary outcome was change from pre- to post-ECT in a ‘speed of complex cognitive processing’ composite. Secondary outcomes were verbal and autobiographical memory. Of sixty randomized patients, one dropped out before baseline. Data were thus analysed for 59 patients (EPO, n = 33; saline, n = 26), of whom 28 had fMRI data. No ECT-related decline occurred in the primary global cognition measure (ps≥0.1), and no effect of EPO versus saline was observed on this outcome (ps≥0.3). However post-ECT, EPO-treated patients exhibited faster autobiographical memory recall than saline-treated patients (p = 0.02), which was accompanied by lower memory-related parietal cortex activity. The absence of global cognition changes with ECT and EPO, coupled with the specific impact of EPO on autobiographical memory recall speed and memory-related parietal cortex activity, suggests that assessing autobiographical memory may provide increased sensitivity in evaluating and potentially preventing cognitive side-effects of ECT. Trial registrations: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT03339596, EudraCT no.: 2016-002326-36. ER  - 
Effect of early ultrasound-guided femoral nerve block on preoperative opioid consumption in emergency patients with hip fracture: a randomized trial$$$ Background and importance Ultrasound-guided femoral nerve block (FNB) could be used as part of a multimodal preoperative pain management for patients with hip fracture. Evidence of the effects of its early implementation in the emergency room as an immediate alternative to intravenous morphine titration is sparse. Objective To investigate the effect of an early ultrasound-guided FNB performed by emergency physicians on preoperative opioid consumption, compared to standard pain management. Design, setting, and participants This open randomized controlled trial was conducted in the Emergency Department of a French hospital with patients with neck or trochanteric femoral fracture who had a pain score ≥7 out of 10 points at triage. Intervention Patients were randomized to receive an initial analgesia with an early ultrasound-guided FNB or with standard pain management. The continuation of pain treatment followed standardized pain control guidelines until hospital discharge in both groups. Outcome measure and analysis The primary outcome was preoperative opioid consumption truncated 48h after triage time, and converted in morphine milligram intravenous equivalents (MME). Secondary outcomes were time to pain relief, time for regaining walk, opioid consumption and occurrence of opioid and FNB adverse effects during the hospital stay. Exploratory outcomes included ease and duration of the procedure. Main results We randomized 35 patients: 17 to standard pain management and 18 to ultrasound-guided FNB, among whom 30 patients completed the protocol. The median of preoperative opioid consumption was reduced by 60% in the ultrasound-guided FNB group compared to standard group [6 MME (3-9) vs. 15 MME (11-18)], with a consumption difference of 9 MME (95% CI: 3-14, P < 0.001). Throughout hospital stay, opioid consumption was reduced by 56% in the ultrasound-guided FNB group compared to standard group, with a consumption difference of 11.5 MME (95% CI: 0.5-22).Times to pain relief and for regaining walk did not differ between groups. Opioid adverse events occurrence were reduced by 40% (95% CI: 5.1-74.9) in the ultrasound-guided FNB group compared to standard group. No adverse effects of FNB have been detected. Conclusion Early ultrasound-guided FNB resulted in reducing preoperative opioid consumption, without delaying time to pain relief. ER  - 
Prevalence of atypical presentations among outpatients and associations with diagnostic error$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to assess the prevalence of atypical presentations and their association with diagnostic errors in various diseases. Methods: This retrospective observational study was conducted using cohort data between January 1 and December 31, 2019. Consecutive outpatients consulted by physicians from the Department of Diagnostic and Generalist Medicine at a university hospital in Japan were included. Patients for whom the final diagnosis was not confirmed were excluded. Primary outcomes were the prevalence of atypical presentations, and the prevalence of diagnostic errors in groups with typical and atypical presentations. Diagnostic errors and atypical presentations were assessed using the Revised Safer Dx Instrument. We performed primary analyses using a criterion; the average score of less than five to item 12 of two independent reviewers was an atypical presentation (liberal criterion). We also performed additional analyses using another criterion; the average score of three or less to item 12 was an atypical presentation (conservative criterion). Results: A total of 930 patients were included out of a total of 2022 eligible. The prevalence of atypical presentation was 21.7 and 6.7 % when using liberal and conservative criteria for atypical presentation, respectively. Diagnostic errors (2.8 %) were most commonly observed in the cases with slight to moderate atypical presentation. Atypical presentation was associated with diagnostic errors with the liberal criterion for atypical presentation; however, this diminished with the conservative criterion. Conclusions: An atypical presentation was observed in up to 20 % of outpatients with a confirmed diagnosis, and slight to moderate atypical presentation may be the highest risk population for diagnostic errors. ER  - 
Safety and Efficacy of Surgical and Percutaneous Cardiac Interventions for Adults With Down Syndrome$$$ Objective: To assess risks and benefits of cardiac intervention in adults with Down syndrome (DS). Patients and Methods: A retrospective review was conducted using data from a study we published in 2010. Patients aged 18 years or older with DS who underwent cardiac operation or percutaneous intervention from February 2009 through April 2022 (new cohort) were compared with patients in the previous study (January 1969 through November 2007; remote cohort) at Mayo Clinic. Results: In total, 81 adults (43 men; 38 women) with DS underwent 89 cardiac interventions (84 surgical; 5 percutaneous) at a mean age of 33 years. Twenty-six patients presented with complete atrioventricular canal defect (17%) or tetralogy of Fallot (15%). The most common adult procedures were valve interventions: mitral (31%), tricuspid (15%), and pulmonary (12%). Of pulmonary valve interventions in the new cohort, 33% were performed percutaneously. The postoperative mortality rate was low (1% total). The mean time between last operation and death was 16 years. Conclusion: Adults with DS can undergo cardiac operation and percutaneous intervention with low morbidity and mortality risk and good long-term survival. ER  - 
The longitudinal effects of cannabidiol on brain temperature in patients with treatment-resistant epilepsy$$$ Neuroinflammation (NI) is a key pathophysiological contributor to treatment-resistant epilepsy (TRE) that remains challenging to observe in vivo. Magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging and thermometry (MRSI-t) is an emerging technique that can be used to non-invasively map brain temperature, whereby brain temperature elevations serve as a surrogate for the cellular and biochemical processes associated with NI. In a previous multimodal imaging study of focal epilepsy patients, we observed MRSI-t-based brain temperature elevations ipsilateral to the seizure onset zone (SOZ) that were concordant with evidence of edema (Sharma et al., 2023). Despite its potential as tool, it is unclear if MRSI-t can monitor changes in brain temperature in response to treatment. We imaged 25 participants approximately 12-weeks apart. Eight patients with TRE were imaged before receiving highly-purified pharmaceutical grade cannabidiol (CBD; pre-CBD) and after 12-weeks of CBD (on-CBD) therapy. Seventeen healthy controls (HCs) were also imaged twice. Repeated measures t-tests computed changes in TRE patients’ seizure symptoms, mood, and brain temperature within their respective SOZs. Repeated measures ANOVAs tested Group*Time changes in imaging data. Participants with TRE had abnormally high peak brain temperatures within their SOZs that decreased after CBD initiation (p < 0.0001). Seizure severity scores also improved after CBD initiation (p < 0.001). These findings provide insights into the possible neural effects of CBD, and further demonstrate MRSI-t's potential as a tool for delineating SOZ. Further investigations into MRSI-t as a longitudinal measure of therapy-induced changes in NI are warranted. ER  - 
Health care access, psychosocial outcomes and mental health in adults living with epilepsy during the COVID-19 pandemic$$$ Purpose: People living with epilepsy (PLWE) have a higher prevalence of mental health comorbidities and poorer psychosocial outcomes compared to the general population. The aim of this study was to examine psychosocial outcomes, mental health, healthcare accessibility, and seizure burden in PLWE during the COVID-19 pandemic. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study of adults with epilepsy treated in an urban multicenter health system from 2021 to 2022. A standardized questionnaire assessed for COVID-19 history, comorbidities, access to antiseizure medications (ASMs) and neurological care, seizure burden, and psychosocial outcomes (e.g., employment, social and financial support). The Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) and Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) were administered to evaluate for depression and anxiety. Frequency and proportions for categorical variables and median and interquartile ranges for continuous variables were calculated. Results: Fifty-five PLWE participated (95 % response rate). Median age was 40 years (IQR 31.5–66.5), 61.8 % were women, 47.3 % had a bachelor's degree or higher and 29.1 % each had Medicaid and Medicare insurance. Race (from highest to lowest %) was: 32.7 % White, 20 % Black, 20 % Latinx, 14.5 % Asian, and 12.7 % selected “other” or “prefer not to say.” COVID-19 had been diagnosed in 21.8 % of participants. Symptoms of anxiety and depression were self-reported by 43.6 % and 34.5 % of patients, respectively, with many describing this symptom as new post-pandemic (37.5 % and 31.6 %, respectively). Using validated scales, 52.7 % had depression (PHQ-9 score ≥ 5) with 30.9 % having moderate/severe depression (PHQ-9 score ≥ 10), while 29.1 % had probable generalized anxiety disorder (GAD-7 score ≥ 8). Seizure burden increased in 21.8 % of participants, while 20 % reported fewer seizures and 29.1 % were seizure free since the COVID-19 pandemic. Economic impacts of the pandemic included job loss (25 % amongst those employed at onset of pandemic), new or worsened financial difficulties (40 %), and new or worsened social support issues (30.9 %). Of all participants, 18.2 % reported difficulties accessing ASMs and 25.5 % cancelled visits, but of those with cancelled visits, 78.6 % had their appointments rescheduled as a telehealth visit. Conclusion: Our cohort of PLWE experienced some challenges during the COVID-19 pandemic including poorer mental health and financial and employment-related stressors. Encouragingly, healthcare access was relatively spared during the COVID-19 crisis, with some patients even reporting a reduction in seizure burden. However, PLWE require ongoing psychosocial support with particular attention to decompensation of mental health and social stressors that may be exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. ER  - 
The relationship between stress, anxiety, depression and medication adherence behavior in patients with epilepsy: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: To investigate the relationships between stress, anxiety, and depression and medication adherence behavior in patients with epilepsy (PEW). Methods: A cross-sectional study design was conducted on 235 PEW in the Qazvin's Boo Ali Sian Hospital. Data collection tools included socio demographic and clinical data form, morisky medication adherence scale (MMAS-8), depression anxiety stress scales -21(DASS-21). We used adjusted multivariate logistic regression model for statistical analysis. Results: A considerable proportion of patients reported mild, moderate, severe and extremely severe symptoms of depression (177 [75/3%]), anxiety (169 [71.9 %]), and stress (158 [67.2 %]). However, 61/8% of the participant had proper medication adherence and 38/3% had poor medication adherence. The results of adjusted multivariate logistic regression showed that in patients who had severe and extremely severe depression and anxiety, the probability of poor medication adherence was higher (P < 0.05). The levels of stress were not significant predictors for medication adherence behavior (P > 0.05). Conclusion: According to this study, severe and extremely severe depression and anxiety can be considered as an important predicting factor in the lack of adherence to antiepileptic medication. Practice Implications: Healthcare professionals can improve care of patients with PEW by considering patients’ mental and psychological health problems in educational, counseling and supportive programs. ER  - 
Perioperative quality indicators among neurosurgery patients: A retrospective cohort study of 1142 cases at a tertiary center$$$ Objective The purpose of this study was to present the first comprehensive analysis of perioperative quality indicators; length of hospital stay; readmission; reoperation; pre-, intra, and postoperative events; and mortality in a diverse neurosurgical patient cohort in Europe. Methods Electronic medical records of all patients who were admitted to our institution between January 1 and December 31 of 2020, and underwent an index neurosurgical operation (n = 1142) were retrospectively reviewed. Results The median length of hospital stay at the index admission and readmission was 8 days (range: 1–242 days) and 5 days (range: 0–94 days), respectively. Of the 1142 patients, 22.9% (n = 262) had an extended length of hospital stay of ≥14 days. The all-cause 7-, 15-, 30-, 60-, and 90-day readmission rates were 3.9% (n = 44), 5.7% (n = 65), 8.8% (n = 100), 12.3% (n = 141), and 16.5% (n = 188), respectively. The main reason for unplanned readmission was deterioration of medical and/or neurological condition. The all-cause 7-, 15-, 30-, 60-, and 90-day reoperation rates were 11.1% (n = 127), 13.8% (n = 158), 16.5% (n = 189), 18.7% (n = 213), and 19.4% (n = 221), respectively. Unplanned reoperations were due primarily to hydrocephalus. The rate of preoperative events was 1.1% (n = 13), one-third of which were associated with infection. The rate of intraoperative events was 11.0% (n = 126), of which 98 (64.47%) were surgical, 37 (24.34%) were anesthesiologic, and 17 (11.18%) were associated with technical equipment. The rate of postoperative events was 9.5% (n = 109). The most common postoperative event was malfunction, disconnection, or dislocation of an implanted device (n = 24, 17.91%). The mortality rates within 7, 15, 30, 60, and 90 days after the index operation were 0.9% (n = 10), 1.8% (n = 21), 2.5% (n = 29), 3.4% (n = 39), and 4.7% (n = 54), respectively. Several patient characteristics and perioperative factors were significantly associated with outcome parameters. Conclusions This study provides an in-depth analysis of quality indicators in neurosurgery, highlighting a variety of inherent and modifiable factors influencing patient outcomes. ER  - 
Daridorexant treatment effectiveness for chronic insomnia: A real-world retrospective study$$$ Introduction: Insomnia is a prevalent sleep disorder that significantly affects individuals' well-being and daily functioning. It is thus crucial to treat it to improve patients' quality of life and overall health. Daridorexant is a recently approved insomnia treatment which works by blocking orexin receptors. This study aimed to evaluate real-world data on daridorexant treatment in adult patients with chronic insomnia through the means of subjective outcomes. Materials and Methods: Retrospective observational study. Consecutive patients starting on-label daridorexant per clinician’s choice at the Sleep Medicine Centre, Neurology Unit, University Hospital Tor Vergata (Rome), were enrolled and evaluated at baseline and at 30 days follow-up (FU). This study evaluated patients’ characteristics, insomnia duration, previous insomnia treatments, comorbidities, and clinicians’ and patients’ subjective reported changes in insomnia with the 7-point Likert scale (1=very much improved; 4=no change; 7=very much worse) Clinical and Patient Global Impression-Improvement scores (CGI-Is and PGI-Is). Moreover, changes in insomnia symptoms were evaluated with the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) scale in a subgroup of patients. Results: 69 patients [33 (47.8%) female, age 51.32±16.42 (19–83) years] were enrolled. 50 (72.5%) had sleep maintenance insomnia, 11 (15.9%) had sleep onset insomnia, 8 (11.6%) had both. On average, insomnia lasted 59.97±69.45 (3–360) months. 19 (27.5%) patients had no comorbidities, 34 (49.3%) had at least one, and 16 (23.2%) had at least two. The most common comorbidities were depression (n=21, 30.4%), anxiety (n=17, 24.6%), and epilepsy (n=6, 8.7%). Nine (13.0%) patients reported no previous insomnia medication, 15 (21.7%) reported one, 19 (27.5%) reported two, 7 (10.1%) reported three, and 19 (27.5%) reported more than four. All patients started treatment with a 50mg dosage; 12 (17.4%) dropped out at FU (n=5 due to inefficacy and n=7 due to personal reasons). CGI-Is and PGI-Is are available for the entire cohort. At FU, mean PGI-Is were 3.00±1.25; namely, only 5 (7.2%) patients rated their insomnia as worsened, while it remained unchanged for 24 (34.8%), and improved for 40 (58.0%). Mean CGI-Is were 2.80±1.18; namely, clinicians never rated insomnia as worsened, while they rated it as unchanged for 29 (42.0%) patients and improved for 40 (58.0%). No differences according to the number of comorbidities were found (p=0.451 and p=0.583 for CGI-Is and PGI-Is, respectively). No differences in the PGI-Is and CGI-Is across sexes, number of previous medications, and most common comorbidities were found. No association among PGI-Is, CGI-Is and insomnia duration were observed. Finally, ISI scores (n=24) significantly decreased from 18.25±3.21 to 12.08±6.12 (Z=8.000; p<0.001) at FU. In linear regression models, age, insomnia duration and number of previous medications for insomnia did not predict CGI-and PGI-I.U. Conclusions: Low CGI-I and PGI-I scores, as well as significant reductions in the ISI scores, suggest daridorexant is effective in treating adult patients with chronic insomnia in a real-world setting. Patients’ sex, number of previous medications, and insomnia duration seem to not affect treatment. Larger cohorts are warranted to clarify daridorexant treatment potential in clinical practice. Acknowledgements: Fabio Perversi for medical writing. ER  - 
Psychotropic medicines' prevalence, patterns and effects on cognitive and physical function in older adults with intellectual disability in Ireland: Longitudinal cohort study, 2009-2020$$$ Background The frequent prescribing of psychotropics and high prevalence of polypharmacy among older adults with intellectual disabilities require close monitoring. Aims To describe change in prevalence, predictors and health outcomes of psychotropic use during the four waves (2009/2010, 2013/2014, 2016/2017, 2019/2020) of the Intellectual Disability Supplement to the Irish Longitudinal Study on Ageing (IDS-TILDA). Method Eligible participants were adults (≥40 years) with intellectual disabilities who participated in all four waves of IDS-TILDA and who reported medication use for the entire period. Differences between groups were tested using Cochran's Q test for binary variables and the McNemar-Bowker test for variables with more than two categories. Generalised estimating equation models were used to assess associations between psychotropic use, participants' characteristics and health outcomes. Results Across waves (433 participants) there were no significant differences in prevalence of psychotropic use (61.2-64.2%) and psychotropic polypharmacy (42.7-38.3%). Antipsychotics were the most used subgroup, without significant change in prevalence between waves (47.6-44.6%). A significant decrease was observed for anxiolytics (26.8-17.6%; P < 0.001) and hypnotics/sedatives (14.1-9.0%; P < 0.05). A significant increase was recorded for antidepressants (28.6-35.8%; P < 0.001) and mood-stabilising agents (11.5-14.6%; P < 0.05). Psychotropic polypharmacy (≥2 psychotropics) was significantly associated with moderate to total dependence in performing activities of daily living over the 10-year period (OR = 1.80, 95% CI 1.21-2.69; P < 0.05). Conclusions The study indicates an increase in usage of some classes of psychotropic, a reduction in others and no change in the relatively high rate of antipsychotic use over 10 years in a cohort of older adults with intellectual disabilities and consequent risk of psychotropic polypharmacy and medication-related harm. ER  - 
Major Drug–Drug Interaction Exposure Among Medicaid-Insured Children in the Outpatient Setting$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Drug–drug interactions (DDIs) can cause adverse drug events, but little is known about DDI exposure in children in the outpatient setting. This study aimed to determine the prevalence of major DDI exposure and factors associated with higher DDI exposure rates among children in an outpatient setting. METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional study of children aged 0 to 18 years with $1 ambulatory encounter, and $2 dispensed outpatient prescriptions study using the 2019 Marketscan Medicaid database. DDIs (exposure to a major DDI for $1 day) and the adverse physiologic effects of each DDI were identified using DrugBank’s interaction database. Primary outcomes included the prevalence and rate of major DDI exposure. We used logistic regression to assess patient characteristics associated with DDI exposure. We examined the rate of DDI exposures per 100 children by adverse physiologic effects category, and organ-level effects (eg, heart rate-corrected QT interval prolongation). RESULTS: Of 781 019 children with $2 medication exposures, 21.4% experienced $1 major DDI exposure. The odds of DDI exposure increased with age and with medical and mental health complexity. Frequently implicated drugs included: Clonidine, psychiatric medications, and asthma medications. The highest adverse physiologic effect exposure rate per 100 children included: Increased drug concentrations (14.6), central nervous system depression (13.6), and heart rate-corrected QT interval prolongation (9.9). CONCLUSIONS: One in 5 Medicaid-insured children with $2 prescription medications were exposed to major DDIs annually, with higher exposures in those with medical or mental health complexity. DDI exposure places children at risk for negative health outcomes and adverse drug events, especially in the harder-to-monitor outpatient setting. ER  - 
Analysis of the clinical presentation and genetic profile of epilepsy‑aphasia spectrum due to GRIN2A gene mutations$$$ Objective To explore the clinical phenotypic features and genetic variation characteristics of children with epilepsy‑aphasia spectrum due to GRIN2A gene variants confirmed by second‑generation sequencing. Methods The clinical data of 5 children with epilepsy‑aphasia spectrum with epileptic onset diagnosed in the Department of Neurology, Children′s Hospital Affiliated to Zhengzhou University, from February 2019 to November 2022 were retrospectively analyzed. Whole‑exome genome sequencing of the probands using a second‑generation sequencing method confirmed that all 5 cases were children with the GRIN2A gene variant. The characteristics of the GRIN2A gene variants were analyzed. Results Among the 5 children diagnosed with epileptic aphasia spectrum due to GRIN2A gene variants, the male‑to‑female ratio was 4∶1, and the age range of onset was 1.5-4.4 years. The clinical phenotype included seizures in all cases, language and intellectual developmental deficits in 4 cases, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in 3 cases. The seizures were manifested as focal seizures or secondary generalized seizures, and were effectively controlled with antiepileptic drugs. Among the 5 children, gene variant of case 1 was originated from a paternal heterozygous variant, and cases 2-5 had de novo variants, which were c.2107C>T (p.Gln703*) nonsense variant, c.2284G>A (p.Gly762Arg) missense variant, c.2197del (p. Ala733Glnfs*3) shifted coding variant, c.2511G>A (p.Trp837*) nonsense variant, and c.1651+1G>C shear site variant, respectively. None of the 5 loci were reported in the literature. Conclusions Epilepsy‑aphasia spectrum is an epilepsy syndrome with a complex onset, and may have different phenotypes at different genetic variant loci, with focal seizures or secondary generalized seizures, which can be effectively controlled with anti‑seizure medication. The GRIN2A gene variant is the genetic etiology of the epileptic aphasia spectrum. ER  - 
Pilot RCT comparing low-dose naltrexone, gabapentin and placebo to reduce pain among people with HIV with alcohol problems$$$ Background To estimate the effects on pain of two medications (low-dose naltrexone and gabapentin) compared to placebo among people with HIV (PWH) with heavy alcohol use and chronic pain. Methods We conducted a pilot, randomized, double-blinded, 3-arm study of PWH with chronic pain and past-year heavy alcohol use in 2021. Participants were recruited in St. Petersburg, Russia, and randomized to receive daily low-dose naltrexone (4.5mg), gabapentin (up to 1800mg), or placebo. The two primary outcomes were change in self-reported pain severity and pain interference measured with the Brief Pain Inventory from baseline to 8 weeks. Results Participants (N = 45, 15 in each arm) had the following baseline characteristics: 64% male; age 41 years (SD±7); mean 2 (SD±4) heavy drinking days in the past month and mean pain severity and interference were 3.2 (SD±1) and 3.0 (SD±2), respectively. Pain severity decreased for all three arms. Mean differences in change in pain severity for gabapentin vs. placebo, and naltrexone vs. placebo were -0.27 (95% confidence interval [CI] -1.76, 1.23; p = 0.73) and 0.88 (95% CI -0.7, 2.46; p = 0.55), respectively. Pain interference decreased for all three arms. Mean differences in change in pain interference for gabapentin vs. placebo, and naltrexone vs. placebo was 0.16 (95% CI -1.38, 1.71; p = 0.83) and 0.40 (95% CI -1.18, 1.99; p = 0.83), respectively. Conclusion Neither gabapentin nor low-dose naltrexone appeared to improve pain more than placebo among PWH with chronic pain and past-year heavy alcohol use. ER  - 
Detection of Late Complications After Stroke in Younger versus Older Adults With Ischemic Stroke Using Active Surveillance versus Usual Care: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Introduction: Late complications after stroke (LCAS) impede return to pre-stroke responsibilities and worsen quality of life, yet they can be readily treated. We previously demonstrated that an active surveillance approach could improve LCAS detection in young adults. However, it is not known if a similar strategy would be useful for older adults. We assessed differences in LCAS detection and resultant clinical practice changes (CPC) among young and older stroke survivors using both active surveillance and usual care approaches. Methods: We retrospectively collected data from the EHR at Tufts Medical Center for patients age ≥ 18 with acute ischemic stroke (AIS) and Stroke Clinic evaluations including demographics, comorbidities, presence of LCAS (including central pain, cognitive impairment, dystonia, headache, insomnia, lethargy, mood disorders, orthostasis, seizures, and spasticity), and evidence of CPC (diagnostic test, prescription, or referral). Differences in LCAS detection and in clinical practice change between age groups were compared during three-time intervals (0-3 months, 3-12 months, 0-12 months), and stratified by surveillance strategy. Descriptive statistics and multivariable logistic regression were used to identify predictors of LCAS detection and CPC. Results: Three hundred eleven AIS survivors (16% young, 44% female, 42% non-white) were included, with 43% undergoing active surveillance. Older adults were more likely to have a non-English preferred language. While LCAS were detected more frequently in young adults (86% vs 65%, p=0.003), the overall proportion was high in both age groups. Motor LCAS were detected at similar proportions (20% vs 12%, p=0.15), but nonmotor LCAS were detected more in young adults (91% vs 71%, p=0.003). Among all AIS survivors, active surveillance was associated with higher proportion of LCAS detection for nonmotor symptoms but not for motor symptoms. In analyses adjusted for surveillance method and age, active surveillance was strongly associated with any LCAS detection and with CPC for any LCAS and nonmotor LCAS. Conclusions: Active surveillance increases LCAS detection in both young and older AIS survivors compared to usual care, and it is a major determinant of CPC for nonmotor LCAS. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life in epilepsy and its associated factors among adult patients with epilepsy attending Mizan Tepi University Teaching Hospital, Southwest Ethiopia: a cross-sectional study$$$ Objective To determine the mean score of health-related quality of life in epilepsy and its associated factors among adult patients with epilepsy. Design Institution-based cross-sectional study based on random case selection was conducted. Setting The study was carried out at Mizan-Tepi University Teaching Hospital located in Southwest Ethiopia. Participants A total of 346 patients with epilepsy who visited the psychiatric clinic for follow-up for at least 3 months and who were 18 years or older were included in the study. Main outcome measure Health-related quality of life in epilepsy measured using quality-of-life in epilepsy (QOLIE)-31 health survey evaluated as a dependent variable with simple and multivariable linear regressions. Results The overall weighted mean score of health-related quality of life was 55.6 (SD=20.9). Only 50.3% of patients scored above a total score of 50. Age (β=-0.35, 95% CI-0.46 to -0.23), anxiety (β=-6.79, 95% CI -9.26 to -4.32), depression (β=-7.36, 95% CI -10.16 to -4.55), low self-esteem (β=-5.29, 95% CI -8.07 to -2.51), perceived stigma (β=-3.62, 95% CI -6.30 to -0.94), taking medication two times or more times per day (β=-2.4, 95% CI -4.58 to -0.27), being illiterate (β=-4.1, 95% CI -6.87 to -1.31) and having more than two seizures for a year (β=-4.18, 95% CI -6.97 to -1.39) were negatively affecting health-related quality of life while income of >1000 birr per month (β=4.5, 95% CI 2.00 to 6.99), social support (β=0.34, 95% CI 0.27 to 0.40) and being free of seizure for a year (β=6.5, 95% CI 3.66 to 9.33) were positively affecting health-related quality of life. Conclusions Only half of the patients with epilepsy in the study area are leading a better quality of life and the overall mean health-related quality of life score is lower than the global mean score. Health-related quality of life was inversely associated with age, anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, perceived stigma, taking medication two times a day or more, being illiterate and experiencing more than two seizures in a year. Besides controlling seizures, public educational campaigns should be conducted to raise public awareness regarding the need for social support. ER  - 
Reporting Requirements, Confidentiality, and Legal Immunity for Physicians Who Report Medically Impaired Drivers$$$ Importance: Physicians play an important role in assessing patients' ability to drive. There is a dearth of peer-reviewed information on policies regarding physician reporting of medically impaired drivers. Objective: To investigate state reporting requirements and the availability of confidentiality and legal immunity for physicians who report medically impaired drivers. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cross-sectional study was conducted from November 1 to 30, 2022, in 3 rounds. First, all 50 US states' Department of Motor Vehicle (DMV) websites were systematically reviewed. Second, DMV staff from each state were surveyed via telephone. Third, each state's legal codes for driver licensing were reviewed. Main Outcomes and Measures: Outcome measures included the percentage of states with mandatory and voluntary reporting policies, reporting instructions on DMV websites, anonymous reporting options, and legal immunity for reporting physicians, in addition to characteristics of states' mandatory reporting policies (ie, types of medical conditions that require reporting) and policies surrounding the confidentiality of reports. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Results: One-third of state DMV websites (17 [34%]) lacked instructions regarding physician reporting. Six states had mandatory reporting requirements; 4 of these states only required reporting of conditions characterized by lapses of consciousness. Only 3 states (6%) accepted anonymous reports, and 7 states (14%) deemed physician reports of medically impaired drivers confidential without exception. Nearly one-third of states (15 [30%]) deemed reports by physicians confidential, with the exception that reported drivers could find out who reported them if they asked for a copy of the reporting form. Most states (37 [74%]) had statutes that protected physicians from liability related to reporting medically impaired drivers. Conclusions and Relevance: This cross-sectional study of state reporting requirements regarding medically impaired drivers found many differences in state policies regarding mandatory reporting and the conditions that require reporting. There was also limited availability of online reporting instructions, anonymous reporting options, and legal protections for reporting physicians.. ER  - 
Exploring Factors That Prolong the Diagnosis of Myasthenia Gravis$$$ Background and Objectives Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a condition with significant phenotypic variability, posing a diagnostic challenge to many clinicians worldwide. Prolonged diagnosis can lead to reduced remission rates and morbidity. This study aimed to identify factors leading to a longer time to diagnosis in MG that could be addressed in future to optimize diagnosis time. Methods One hundred and ten patients from 3 institutions in Melbourne, Australia, were included in this retrospective cohort study. Demographic and clinical data were collected for these patients over the first 5 years from diagnosis and at 10 years. Nonparametric statistical analysis was used to identify factors contributing to a longer diagnosis time. Results The median time for MG diagnosis was 102 (345) days. 90% of patients were diagnosed before 1 year. Female patients took longer than male patients to be diagnosed (p = 0.013). The time taken for first presentation after symptom onset contributed most to diagnosis time (median 17 [141] days), with female patients and not working as contributory factors. Neurology referral took longer if patients had diplopia (p = 0.022), respiratory (p = 0.026) symptoms, or saw an ophthalmologist first (p < 0.001). Outpatient management compared with inpatient was associated with a longer time to be seen by a neurologist from referral (p < 0.001), for the first diagnostic result to return (p = 0.001), and for the result to be reviewed (p < 0.001). Ocular MG had a median greater time to neurologist review than generalized MG (median 5 [25] days vs 1 [13] days, p = 0.035). Electrophysiology tests took longer for outpatients than inpatients (median 21 [35] days vs 2 [8] days, p < 0.001). Outpatients were also started on treatment later than inpatients (p < 0.001). There was no association of MG severity, ethnicity, age, medical and ocular comorbidities, and public or private health service on diagnosis time. There was also no impact of time to diagnosis on Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America outcomes, number of follow-ups or hospitalizations, or prevalence of treatments used. This study is limited by low patient numbers and its retrospective nature. Discussion This study identified several factors that can contribute to a prolonged diagnosis time of MG. Patient and clinician education about MG and outpatient diagnostic efficiency needs emphasis. Further studies are also needed to explore the delayed presentation time of women and nonworking patients in MG. ER  - 
High-Dose Docosahexaenoic Acid in Newborns Born at Less Than 29 Weeks' Gestation and Behavior at Age 5 Years: Follow-Up of a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Children born at less than 29 weeks' gestation are at risk of behavioral difficulties. This may be due in part to the lack of transplacental supply of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a key fatty acid with structural and functional roles in the brain. Objective: To determine whether meeting the neonatal DHA requirement through supplementation is associated with improved behavioral functioning of children born at less than 29 weeks' gestation. Design, Setting and Participants: This was a follow-up of children from 10 Australian participating centers in a multi-center, blinded, parallel group randomized clinical trial of infants born at less than 29 weeks' gestation conducted from June 2012 and September 2015, excluding those with additional fatty acid supplementation or major congenital or chromosomal abnormalities. Follow-up took place from August 2018 to May 2021. Parents of surviving children who had not withdrawn from the original trial were invited to complete questionnaires when the child turned 5 years' corrected age. Interventions: Infants were randomized to receive daily enteral emulsions providing 60 mg/kg/d of DHA or a soy-oil emulsion (with no DHA) from within the first 3 days of enteral feeding until 36 weeks' postmenstrual age or discharge home, whichever occurred first. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome of this follow-up was parent-rated behavior and emotional functioning as indicated by the Total Difficulties score of the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire. Parents also completed questionnaires about their child's behavioral manifestations of executive functioning, as well as a range of health outcomes to assess potential longer-term side effects of DHA intervention. Results: Primary outcome data were available for 731 children (76% of 958 surviving eligible children; 361 in the intervention group and 370 in the control group). Of these 731, 452 (47%) were female, and the mean (SD) corrected age at follow-up was 5.4 (0.5) years. Following imputation for missing data, the mean Total Difficulties score was the same in both groups (intervention group, n = 465; mean [SD], 11.8 [6.3]; control group, n = 493; mean [SD], 11.8 [6.0]; mean difference adjusted for sex, gestational age stratum, and hospital, 0.01; 95% CI, -0.87 to 0.89; P =.98). There was no evidence for differences between the groups in any secondary outcomes of behavior, executive functioning, or health. Conclusions and Relevance: In this follow-up of a randomized clinical trial, enteral DHA supplementation at the equivalent of the estimated in utero dose for infants born at less than 29 weeks' gestation did not improve behavioral functioning at age 5 years. There were no indications of adverse effects with DHA supplementation. Trial Registration: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry: ACTRN12612000503820. ER  - 
Characteristics of children with autism and unspecified intellectual developmental disorder (intellectual disability) presenting with severe self-injurious behaviours$$$ Objective: This study aims to delineate the characteristics of severe self-injurious behaviors (SIB) in a cohort of children with autism and unspecified intellectual developmental disorder (UIDD) (intellectual disability) and examine potential risk factors for developing SIB. Methods: A retrospective chart review studied characteristics of severe SIB in 30 children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and UIDD referred to a tertiary care center. Characteristics examined include genetic syndromes, brain MRI abnormalities, verbal ability, adaptive functioning, SIB frequency and severity, age of onset, number of psychopharmacological agents, irritability, hyperactivity, stereotypy, psychiatric and physical comorbidities, among others. Descriptive and bivariate analysis were applied to explore potential relationships between factors. Results: Children with severe SIB exhibit this behaviour with high frequency, inflicting moderate to severe injury. Most children in the study sample are non-verbal and have ASD (93.3%; n = 28) with psychiatric (96.7%; n = 29) and physical (90%; n = 27) comorbidities. Overall SIB improvement using the Clinical Global Impression, Improvement Score (CGI-I) was 3.0 (minimally improved). A minority were much or very much improved following appropriate intervention. Conclusions: The severity of SIB is much higher in this sample than previously noted in the literature. Severe SIB is associated with ADHD, early onset mood disorders, tics, avoidant restrictive food intake disorder and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder. ER  - 
Sexual Assault Victimization in Premature Female Mortalities: Evidence from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health$$$ Previous research has documented many behavioral problems associated with being a female victim of sexual assault, but little attention has been devoted to whether this experience might be related to premature mortalities. We investigated this utilizing the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health survey, collected from over 10,000 adolescent females in 1995, whose premature deaths (n = 65) were noted in 2007 in National Death Index records. Significant associations were found between females with a substance misuse history and their premature deaths, but not with being a sexual assault victim. The subset of respondents (n = 208) evincing both these characteristics showed significantly higher risks of dying prematurely, as did those females with early histories of drug misuse alone. Yet, adolescent females with histories of drug misuse who also attempted suicide (n = 214) did not show similar elevated risks of dying prematurely compared to others without these experiences. This exploratory evidence points to an affinity between both being a female sexual assault victim and having an early history of misusing drugs, putting such people at heightened risks for dying prematurely, suggesting the potential benefits of counseling and supportive services for those so affected. ER  - 
Syndromic retinitis pigmentosa caused by biallelic SCAPER frameshift variant$$$ Purpose: Mutations in the SCAPER gene have previously been reported to be a rare cause of syndromic and non-syndromic autosomal recessive retinitis pigmentosa (RP). We report a case of syndromic RP caused by a frameshift heterozygous mutation in SCAPER. Our case has a relatively mild ocular phenotype with the presence of cone involvement noted on full field electroretinogram (ffERG) without impacting central or color vision. Materials and Methods: A 17-year-old male presented with progressive nyctalopia in both eyes. He underwent ophthalmic examination and multimodal imaging. A complete retinal degeneration panel consisting of 322 genes was used to screen for molecular causes of retinal dystrophy in this patient along with family segregation analysis. Results: Fundus examination of the proband revealed mild RP phenotype with waxy pallor of optic discs, attenuated retinal arterioles, and single bone spicule like pigmentary change in the mid-periphery bilaterally. Multimodal imaging and ffERG demonstrated a picture of RP with cone dysfunction without impacting central or color vision bilaterally. Examined family members were found to be normal. The proband was found to be heterozygous for two novel frameshift pathogenic variants in SCAPER c.3781del, p. (Val1261Serfs*26), c.868_869del, p. (Glu290Serfs*7) both leading to predicted premature termination. The family members tested were found to be heterozygous for SCAPER c.868_869del, p. (Glu290Serfs*7) pathogenic variant confirming their carrier status. Conclusion: We report a case of a syndromic RP of previously unreported ocular phenotype associated with SCAPER pathogenic variant, which will add to the phenotypic spectrum of retinopathy and systemic features associated with pathogenic variants in SCAPER. ER  - 
Divergent neurodevelopmental profiles of very-low-birth-weight infants$$$ Background: Advanced perinatal medicine has decreased the mortality rate of preterm infants. Long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes of very-low-birth-weight infants (VLBWIs) remain to be investigated. Methods: Participants were 124 VLBWIs who had in-hospital birth from 2007 to 2015. Perinatal information, developmental or intelligence quotient (DQ/IQ), and neurological comorbidities at ages 3 and 6 years were analyzed. Results: Fifty-eight (47%) VLBWIs received neurodevelopmental assessments at ages 3 and 6 years. Among them, 15 (26%) showed DQ/IQ <75 at age 6 years. From age 3 to 6 years, 21 (36%) patients showed a decrease (≤–10), while 5 (9%) showed an increase (≥+10) in DQ/IQ scores. Eight (17%) with autism spectrum disorder or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ASD/ADHD) showed split courses of DQ/IQ, including two with ≤–10 and one with +31 to their scores. On the other hand, all 7 VLBWIs with cerebral palsy showed DQ ≤35 at these ages. Magnetic resonance imaging detected severe brain lesions in 7 (47%) of those with DQ <75 and 1 (18%) with ASD/ADHD. Conclusions: VLBWIs show a broad spectrum of neurodevelopmental outcomes after 6 years. These divergent profiles also indicate that different risks contribute to the development of ASD/ADHD from those of cerebral palsy and epilepsy in VLBWIs. Impact: Very-low-birth-weight infants (VLBWIs) show divergent neurodevelopmental outcomes from age 3 to 6 years.A deep longitudinal study depicts the dynamic change in neurodevelopmental profiles of VLBWIs from age 3 to 6 years.Perinatal brain injury is associated with developmental delay, cerebral palsy and epilepsy, but not with ASD or ADHD at age 6 years. ER  - 
More severe initial manifestations and worse short-term functional outcome of intracerebral hemorrhage in the plateau than in the plain$$$ Intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) is one of the most devastating forms of stroke. However, studies on ICH at high altitude are insufficient. We aimed to compare the initial manifestations, imaging features and short-term functional outcomes of ICH at different altitudes, and further explore the effect of altitude on the severity and prognosis of ICH. We retrospectively recruited ICH patients from January 2018 to July 2021 from two centers at different altitudes in China. Information regarding to clinical manifestations, neuroimages, and functional outcomes at discharge were collected and analyzed. Association between altitude and initial severity, neuroimages, and short-term prognosis of ICH were also investigated. A total of 724 patients with 400 lowlanders and 324 highlanders were enrolled. Compared with patients from the plain, those at high altitude were characterized by more severe preliminary manifestations (P < 0.0001), larger hematoma volume (P < 0.001) and poorer short-term functional outcome (P < 0.0001). High altitude was independently associated with dependency at discharge (adjusted P = 0.024), in-hospital mortality (adjusted P = 0.049) and gastrointestinal hemorrhage incidence (adjusted P = 0.017). ICH patients from high altitude suffered from more serious initial manifestations and worse short-term functional outcome than lowlanders. Control of blood pressure, oxygen supplementation and inhibition of inflammation may be critical for ICH at high altitude. ER  - 
Identification, synthesis and quantification of eutylone consumption markers in a chemsex context$$$ Eutylone is a cathinone-derived synthetic amphetamine scheduled by the World Health Organization and European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction since 2022 due to its growing consumption. We report here an eutylone intoxication involving a 38-year-old man and a 29-year-old woman in a chemsex context. A bag containing a white crystalline powder labelled as a research product was found in their vehicle. Nuclear magnetic resonance and liquid chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry (LC-HRMS) analyses identified the powder as eutylone and confirmed purity superior to 99%. LC-HRMS data analysis using molecular networking allowed to propose new eutylone metabolites in blood samples in a graphical manner. We described 16 phase I (e.g. hydroxylated or demethylated) and phase II metabolites (glucuroconjugates and sulfoconjugates). The same metabolites were found both in male and female blood samples. Toxicological analyses measured eutylone concentration in blood samples at 1374 ng/mL and 1536 ng/mL for the man and the woman, respectively. A keto-reduced metabolite (m/z 238.144) was synthesized to permit its quantification at 67 ng/mL and 54 ng/mL in male and female blood samples, respectively. Overall, the identification of these metabolites will increase the knowledge of potential drug consumption markers and allow to implement mass spectrometry databases to better monitor future drug abuse or consumption. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of zuranolone co-initiated with an antidepressant in adults with major depressive disorder: results from the phase 3 CORAL study$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a mental health disorder that can cause disability and functional impairment that standard-of-care (SOC) antidepressant therapies (ADTs) can take weeks to treat. Zuranolone is a neuroactive steroid and positive allosteric modulator of synaptic and extrasynaptic γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) type A receptors approved as an oral, once-daily, 14-day treatment course in adults with postpartum depression and under investigation in adults with MDD. The phase 3 CORAL Study (NCT04476030) evaluated the efficacy and safety of zuranolone 50 mg co-initiated with SOC ADT (zuranolone+ADT) vs placebo co-initiated with SOC ADT (placebo+ADT) in adults with MDD. Patients were randomized 1:1 to once-daily, blinded zuranolone+ADT or placebo+ADT for 14 days, then continued open-label SOC ADT for 28 more days. The primary endpoint was change from baseline (CFB) in the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-17) total score at Day 3. Among 425 patients in the full analysis set, CFB in HAMD-17 total score at Day 3 was significantly improved with zuranolone+ADT vs placebo+ADT (least squares mean [standard error], −8.9 [0.39] vs −7.0 [0.38]; p = 0.0004). The majority of patients receiving zuranolone+ADT that experienced treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) reported mild or moderate events. The most common TEAEs present in ≥10% of patients in either zuranolone+ADT or placebo+ADT groups were somnolence, dizziness, headache, and nausea. These results demonstrate that zuranolone+ADT provided more rapid improvement in depressive symptoms compared with placebo+ADT in patients with MDD, with a safety profile consistent with previous studies. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT04476030. ER  - 
Neurological complications during the Omicron COVID-19 wave in China: A cohort study$$$ Background and purpose: The aim was to investigate the neurological complications associated with coronavirus disease 19 (COVID-19) during the 2022 Omicron wave. Methods and analysis: The medical records of a cohort of people admitted to neurological wards of three participating tertiary centres in Sichuan from 12 December 2022 to 12 January 2023 were reviewed. Demographics and clinical data were obtained and analysed with an interest in COVID-19-related new-onset or worse neurological symptoms. The current data were also compared in two centres with similar data from the same period 12 months earlier. Results: In all, 790 people were enrolled, of whom 436 were positive for COVID-19. Ninety-nine had new onset COVID-related neurological problems, or their known neurological condition deteriorated during the wave. There was a significant difference in demographics from the findings amongst admissions 12 months earlier as there was an increase in the average age, the incidence of encephalitis and encephalopathy, and mortality rates. One hundred and one received COVID-specific antivirals, intravenous glucocorticoids and intravenous immunoglobulin therapy. No differences were seen between these and those who did not use them. Conclusion: New-onset neurological conditions, particularly encephalitis and encephalopathy, increased significantly during this period. Deterioration of existing neurological conditions, such as seizure exacerbation, was also observed. A large-scale treatment trial of people with COVID-19 infection presenting with neurological disorders is still needed. ER  - 
Factors influencing concentrations of risperidone and 9-hydroxyrisperidone in psychiatric outpatients taking immediate-release formulations of risperidone$$$ Objectives: To analyze the factors affecting the concentrations of the active moiety of risperidone (RIS) and its active metabolite 9-hydroxyrisperidone (9-OH-RIS) in psychiatric outpatients taking immediate-release formulations. Methods: This is a retrospective study on the therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) data regarding RIS and 9-OH-RIS in adult psychiatric outpatients. TDM data with simultaneous RIS and 9-OH-RIS monitoring from March 2018 to February 2020 and relevant medical records (including dosage, dosage form, sex, age, diagnosis, combined medication, and comorbid disease) from 399 adult psychiatric outpatients (223 males and 176 females) were included in this study. Results: The daily dose of RIS was 5.56 ± 2.05 mg, the concentration of total active moiety was 42.35 ± 25.46 ng/mL, and the dose-adjusted plasma concentration (C/D) of active moiety was 7.83 ± 3.87 (ng/ml)/(mg/day). Dose, sex, and age were identified as important factors influencing concentrations of RIS and 9-OH-RIS in adult psychiatric outpatients. Conclusions: Individualized medication adjustments should be made according to the specific conditions of psychiatric outpatients. The findings strongly support the use of TDM to guide dosing decisions in psychiatric outpatients taking RIS. ER  - 
Long-term physical and psychiatric morbidities and mortality of untreated, deferred, and immediately treated epilepsy$$$ Objective: In Australia, 30% of newly diagnosed epilepsy patients were not immediately treated at diagnosis. We explored health outcomes between patients receiving immediate, deferred, or no treatment, and compared them to the general population. Methods: Adults with newly diagnosed epilepsy in Western Australia between 1999 and 2016 were linked with statewide health care data collections. Health care utilization, comorbidity, and mortality at up to 10 years postdiagnosis were compared between patients receiving immediate, deferred, and no treatment, as well as with age- and sex-matched population controls. Results: Of 603 epilepsy patients (61% male, median age = 40 years) were included, 422 (70%) were treated immediately at diagnosis, 110 (18%) received deferred treatment, and 71 (12%) were untreated at the end of follow-up (median = 6.8 years). Immediately treated patients had a higher 10-year rate of all-cause admissions or emergency department presentations than the untreated (incidence rate ratio [IRR] = 2.0, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.4–2.9) and deferred treatment groups (IRR = 1.7, 95% CI = 1.0–2.8). They had similar 10-year risks of mortality and developing new physical and psychiatric comorbidities compared with the deferred and untreated groups. Compared to population controls, epilepsy patients had higher 10-year mortality (hazard ratio = 2.6, 95% CI = 2.1–3.3), hospital admissions (IRR = 2.3, 95% CI = 1.6–3.3), and psychiatric outpatient visits (IRR = 3.2, 95% CI = 1.6–6.3). Patients with epilepsy were also 2.5 (95% CI = 2.1–3.1) and 3.9 (95% CI = 2.6–5.8) times more likely to develop a new physical and psychiatric comorbidity, respectively. Significance: Newly diagnosed epilepsy patients with deferred or no treatment did not have worse outcomes than those immediately treated. Instead, immediately treated patients had greater health care utilization, likely reflecting more severe underlying epilepsy etiology. Our findings emphasize the importance of individualizing epilepsy treatment and recognition and management of the significant comorbidities, particularly psychiatric, that ensue following a diagnosis of epilepsy. ER  - 
Estimation of Ambulation and Survival in Neurodegeneration with Brain Iron Accumulation Disorders$$$ Background: Neurodegeneration with Brain Iron Accumulation (NBIA) disorder is a group of ultra-orphan hereditary diseases with very limited data on its course. Objectives: To estimate the probability of preserving ambulatory ability and survival in NBIA. Methods: In this study, the electronic records of the demographic data and clinical assessments of NBIA patients from 2012 to 2023 were reviewed. The objectives of the study and factors impacting them were investigated by Kaplan–Meier and Cox regression methods. Results: One hundred and twenty-two genetically-confirmed NBIA patients consisting of nine subtypes were enrolled. Twenty-four and twenty-five cases were deceased and wheelchair-bound, with a mean disease duration of 11 ± 6.65 and 9.32 ± 5 years. The probability of preserving ambulation and survival was 42.9% in 9 years and 28.2% in 15 years for classical Pantothenate Kinase-Associated Neurodegeneration (PKAN, n = 18), 89.4% in 7 years and 84.7% in 9 years for atypical PKAN (n = 39), 23% in 18 years and 67.8% in 14 years for Mitochondrial Membrane Protein-Associated Neurodegeneration (MPAN, n = 23), 75% in 20 years and 36.5% in 33 years for Kufor Rakeb Syndrome (KRS, n = 17), respectively. The frequencies of rigidity, spasticity, and female gender were significantly higher in deceased cases compared to surviving patients. Spasticity was the only factor associated with death (P value = 0.03). Conclusions: KRS had the best survival with the most extended ambulation period. The classical PKAN and MPAN cases had similar progression patterns to loss of ambulation ability, while MPAN patients had a slower progression to death. Spasticity was revealed to be the most determining factor for death. ER  - 
Effect of Levetiracetam on Cognition: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Double-Blind Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trials$$$ Background: Studies have suggested that levetiracetam may help improve cognitive function in patients with epilepsy. Recently, its efficacy in improving cognitive function was reported in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer’s disease. However, the specific cognitive domains affected and the degree of evidence supporting these effects remain unclear. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to explore the effects of levetiracetam on different cognitive domains. Methods: This meta-analysis was conducted following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) 2020 guidelines. We defined our inclusion criteria for the systematic review as: (1) randomized placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) involving human subjects, (2) double-blinded RCTs, and (3) RCTs evaluating the quantitative differences in cognitive function between levetiracetam and placebo. We excluded: (1) non-RCT studies, (2) open-label studies, and (3) RCTs lacking cognitive assessments for either intervention. Two authors independently searched electronic databases, including PubMed, Embase, Cochrane CENTRAL, and ClinicalTrials.gov, from inception until 2 July 2023. The methodological quality of the included studies was assessed using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. Meta-analytic techniques were applied to examine the impact of levetiracetam on cognitive domain tests, with Hedges’ g facilitating the comparison with placebo. The domains analyzed comprised multi-domain, executive function, processing speed, working memory, verbal memory/learning (verbal ML), visuospatial memory/learning (visuospatial ML), and language. We used odds ratios to compare the incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events between the groups, including somnolence, fatigue, dizziness, headache, irritability, and cognitive adverse events. Results: A random-effects model was utilized to perform a meta-analysis of 16 RCTs including 545 participants. Compared with a placebo, levetiracetam was associated with improved executive function [Hedges’g = − 0.390, 95% confidence interval (CI) = − 0.609 to − 0.172, p < 0.001, I 2 = 24.0%]. Subgroup analysis showed that levetiracetam outperformed placebo in patients without epilepsy (Hedges’ g = − 0.419, 95% CI = − 0.647 to − 0.191, p < 0.001, I 2 = 26.2%). Meanwhile, low-dose levetiracetam showed a moderate favorable effect over placebo (Hedges’ g = −0.544, 95% CI = − 1.085 to − 0.003, p = 0.049, I 2 = 65.3%). In patients without epilepsy, low-dose levetiracetam was associated with improved executive function (Hedges’g = − 0.544, 95% CI = − 1.085 to − 0.003, p = 0.049, I 2 = 65.3%). Concurrently, levetiracetam was associated with more frequent somnolence than a placebo (odds ratio = 4.654, 95% CI = 1.533 to 14.124, p = 0.007, I 2 = 32.9%). Potential publication bias was observed in the executive function domain. Conclusions: This exploratory study suggests that levetiracetam might improve executive function in specific populations. However, the diversity in study populations and potential publication bias warrant caution. ER  - 
An Evaluation of Difficulty in Emotion Regulation, Impulsivity, and Emotional Eating in Children and Adolescents Diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate difficulties in emotion regulation, emotional eating, and impulsivity in children diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Materials and Methods: The study included 53 children who were diagnosed with T1DM, and a control group of 50 subjects. The Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-age Children—Present and Lifetime Version, Difficulties in Emotion Regulation Scale— Short Form (DERS-16), Emotional Eating Scale-Child and Adolescent Form (EES-C), and the Barratt Impulsivity Scale 11—Short Form (BIS-11) were administered to the participants. Results: In the T1DM group, the disease duration was a mean of 52.7 ± 40.62 months, and only 17% had good metabolic control. The rate of psychiatric disorder determined was significantly higher in the T1DM group (P = .001). No significant difference was determined between the 2 groups in respect of the DERS-16, EES-C, and BIS-11 total and subscale scores. However, in multivariate linear regression, the increase in BIS-11 total score was affected by increasing DERS impulse (β = 0.475), decreasing age (β = −0.209), and presence of T1DM (β = 0.211). An increase in the DERS-16 total score was associated with the presence of psychiatric disorder (β = −0.258) and an increase in BIS-11-A (the second scale assesses concentration problems) (β = 0.317) score. In the T1DM group, the glycated hemoglobin level was lower in the group with insulin treatment with the injection method (8.2 ± 2.1%) than in those with the pump method (9.1 ± 1.5%) (P = .069). Conclusion: It is important that mental health professionals take an active role in all processes of the disease in order to protect the mental health of children with T1DM. ER  - 
Duration of birth depression and neurodevelopmental outcomes after whole-body hypothermia for hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy in India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh – an exploratory analysis of the HELIX trial$$$ Background: Effect of duration of birth depression on neurodevelopmental outcomes in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs) is not known. We examined the association of birth depression with brain injury, neurodevelopmental outcomes, and hypothermia after hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) in south Asia. Methods: We compared cerebral magnetic resonance (MR) at 2 weeks, and adverse outcomes (death or moderate or severe disability) at 18 months in 408 babies with moderate or severe HIE who had long birth depression (positive pressure ventilation (PPV) >10 min or Apgar score<6 at 10 min or cord pH < 7.0) and short birth depression (PPV for 5–10 min or Apgar score<6 at 5 min, but ≥6 at 10 min). Findings: Long depression group (n = 201) had more severe HIE (32.8% versus 6.8%), mortality (47.5% versus 26.4%), death or disability at 18 months (62.2% versus 35.4%) (all p < 0.001), MR injury (Odds ratio; 95% CI) to basal ganglia (2.4 (1.3, 4.1); p = 0.003), posterior limb of internal capsule (2.3 (1.3, 4.3); p < 0.001) and white matter (1.7 (1.1, 2.7); p = 0.021), and lower thalamic N-acetylaspartate levels (7.69 ± 1.84 versus 8.29 ± 1.60); p = 0.031) than short depression group (n = 207). Three babies had no heartbeat at 5 min, of which 1 died and 2 survived with severe disability. No significant interaction between the duration of birth depression and whole-body hypothermia was seen for any of the MR biomarker or clinical outcomes. Interpretation: Long birth depression was associated with more brain injury and adverse outcomes than short depression. Effect of hypothermia was not modified by duration of birth depression. Funding:National Institute for Health Research. ER  - 
The role of scoliosis on the comorbidity and demographics of neurofibromatosis type 1 patients: A retrospective analysis of the National Inpatient Sample database$$$ Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) is the most common neurocutaneous syndrome in the United States, affecting every 1 in 3000 individuals. NF1 occurs due to non-functional mutations in the NF1 gene, which expresses neurofibromin, a protein involved in tumour suppression. As a result, NF1 typically presents with non-cancerous neoplasm masses called neurofibromas across the body. Out of all NF1 abnormalities, the most common skeletal abnormality seen in around 10%–30% of NF1 patients is scoliosis, an improver curvature of the spine. However, there is a lack of research on the effects of scoliosis on demographics and morbidities of NF1 patients. We performed a national analysis to investigate the complex relationship between NF1 and scoliosis on patients' demographics and comorbidities. We conducted a retrospective cross-sectional analysis of the 2017 US National Inpatient Sample database using univariable Chi-square analysis and multivariable binary logistic regression analysis to determine the interplay of NF1 and scoliosis on patients' demographics and comorbidities. Our query resulted in 4635 total NF1 patients, of which 475 (10.25%) had scoliosis and 4160 (89.75%) did not. Demographic analysis showed that NF1 patients with scoliosis were typically younger, female and white compared to NF1 patients without scoliosis. Comorbidity analysis showed that NF1 patients with scoliosis were more likely to develop malignant brain neoplasms, epilepsy, hydrocephalus, pigmentation disorders, hypothyroidism, diabetes with chronic complications and coagulopathy disorders. NF1 patients with scoliosis were less likely to develop congestive heart failure, pulmonary circulation disease, peripheral vascular disease, paralysis, chronic pulmonary disease, lymphoma and psychosis. NF1 patients with scoliosis were predominantly younger, female, white patients. The presence of scoliosis in NF1 patients increases the risks for certain brain neoplasms and disorders but serves a protective effect against some pulmonary and cardiac complications. ER  - 
Effectiveness of Keyhole Clipping of Unruptured Intracranial Aneurysms Detected by “Brain Dock” in Healthy Japanese Adults$$$ In Japan, brain docking has enhanced the detection of unruptured intracranial aneurysms in healthy adults. At our institution, surgical clipping is the first-line treatment for unruptured intracranial aneurysms (UIA). In this study, the differences in neurological and radiological outcomes, as well as cognitive and psychological results, between standard clipping and keyhole clipping for these aneurysms detected via brain docking were evaluated. The study included 131 aneurysms detected via “brain dock.” Of these, 65 were treated with keyhole clipping surgery (keyhole clipping group), and 66 were treated with standard clipping surgery (standard clipping group). Evaluations at 3 months included the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale, modified Rankin Scale, Mini-Mental State Exami-nation, Hasegawa’s Dementia Scale-revised, Beck Depression Inventory, Hamilton Rating Scale for De-pression, and radiological abnormalities. The mean operative time and postoperative hospitalization period were significantly shorter in the keyhole clipping group than in the standard clipping group (p < 0.001). Between the groups, no significant differences in postoperative neurological complications or radiological abnormalities were found. The keyhole clipping group demonstrated slightly but significantly better Beck Depression Inventory and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores than the standard clipping group (Beck Depression Inventory, p = 0.046; Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, p < 0.01). Both the Beck Depression Inventory and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores at 3 months were significantly enhanced (p < 0.001) in the keyhole clipping group. These findings propose that keyhole clipping could be considered a new therapeutic option for small UIA detected via brain docking. ER  - 
Association and Prevalence of Alcoholism in Epileptic Patients at Tertiary Care Teaching Hospital$$$ Background: The effects of alcohol are complexly interlinked with the pathophysiology of epilepsy. Given that both epilepsy and alcohol have a significant detrimental impact on the brain; it is essential to investigate alcohol's causative involvement as an independent risk factor for epilepsy. Thus, the study aimed to quantify alcohol as an etiologic factor of epilepsy and find its prevalence in the study population. Materials and Methods: A prospective cross-sectional study was conducted in the general medicine wards of a tertiary care teaching hospital for six months. A total of 111 epileptic inpatients of both genders, above 18 years of age were included in the study. The Chi-Square Test of Independence was used to carry out a statistical analysis of the data. Results: The study comprised 111 epileptic patients. A strong association between alcohol consumption with a new onset of seizures was found (p<0.05, V=0.54). The prevalence of alcohol-related seizures was found to be 24.32%. Our statistical analysis also indicated that the new onset of seizure was significantly associated with alcohol consumption in the group of patients with co-morbidities (p<0.05, V=0.28). The study found that alcoholism was strongly associated with the precipitation of seizures and that alcohol-related seizure is prevalent in our study population. Conclusion: By considering the new onset of seizures as a serious adverse consequence of alcoholism, we are provided with an opportunity to counsel these patients on alcohol dependence while striving to optimize permanent pharmacological treatment to prevent further seizures. The prevention of more seizures should not take precedence over the treatment of alcohol dependence. ER  - 
Family Psycho-Social Involvement Intervention for severe mental illness in Uganda$$$ Background: Treatment rates for severe mental illness (SMI) are low in low-and middle-income countries because of limited resources. Enlisting family support could be effective and low cost in improving patient outcomes. Aim: The article assess the feasibility, acceptability and estimates of efficacy of Family Psychosocial Involvement Intervention (FAPII) for patients with SMI. Setting: Masaka Regional Referral Hospital and Mityana District Hospital in Uganda. Methods: This was a controlled pilot study with two sites randomly assigned as intervention and control. Thirty patients each with one or two family members and six mental health professionals were recruited at the intervention site. Five patients, their family members and two mental health professionals met monthly for 6 months to discuss pre-agreed mental health topics. Patient outcomes were assessed at baseline, 6-and 12-months and analysed using paired t-tests. The trial was prospectively registered (ISRCTN25146122). Results: At 6 and 12 months, there was significant improvement in the QoL in the intervention group compared to the control (p = 0.001). There was significant symptom reduction in the intervention group at 6 and 12 months (p < 0.001). Family Psychosocial Involvement Intervention affected better treatment adherence at 6 and 12 months (p = 0.035 and p < 0.001, respectively) compared to the control arm. Conclusion: Family Psychosocial Involvement Intervention improved QoL, medication adherence, reduced stigma and symptoms among patients with SMI. The authors recommend involving families in the care of patients with SMI in Uganda, with FAPII employing culturally sensitive psychotherapy. Contribution: The results support involvement of family in the care of patients with SMI. ER  - 
Predictive role of impulsivity, anxiety, and depression in the efficacy of intermittent theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation modalities for treating methamphetamine use disorder: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Methamphetamine use disorder (MUD) can cause impulsive behavior, anxiety, and depression. Stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in MUD patients by intermittent theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (iTBS-rTMS) is effective in reducing cravings, impulsive behavior, anxiety, and depression. The purpose of this study was to explore whether these psychological factors helped to predict MUD patients' responses to iTBS-rTMS treatment. Methods: Fifty MUD patients and sixty healthy subjects matched for general conditions were used as study subjects. The study randomly divided MUD patients into iTBS-rTMS and sham stimulation groups and received 20 sessions of real or sham iTBS-rTMS treatment, and the study collected cue-related evoked craving data before and after treatment. All subjects completed the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS-11), Self-rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), and Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS). Results: The MUD patients showed significantly higher levels of impulsivity, anxiety, and depression than the healthy subjects. The MUD patients who received the real treatment had significantly lower impulsivity, anxiety, and depression scores, and better treatment effects on cravings than the sham stimulation group. The Spearman rank correlation and stepwise multiple regression analyses showed that the baseline BIS-11 and the reduction rate (RR) of BIS-11 and RR of SDS were positively correlated with the decrease in cravings in the iTBS-rTMS group. ROC curve analysis showed that RR of SDS (AUC = 91.6 %; 95 % CI = 0.804–1.000) had predictive power to iTBS- rTMS therapeutic efficacy, the cutoff value is 15.102 %. Conclusions: iTBS-rTMS had a good therapeutic effect in MUD patients and the baseline impulsivity, the improved depression and impulsivity were associated with therapeutic effect of iTBS-rTMS. The improved depression had the potential to predict the efficacy of the iTBS-rTMS modality for MUD treatment. ER  - 
Therapeutic changes of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients in pregnancy and feto-maternal outcomes: a retrospective cohort study$$$ Objectives: Patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) frequently show non-compliance with their medication. We evaluated the compliance of patients with SLE in Jordan with their medication and the relationships with fetal and maternal outcomes. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of patients with SLE who had no co-morbidities or antiphospholipid syndrome; and were taking only prednisolone, hydroxychloroquine, and/or antiplatelet and anticoagulant medication. Results: We studied 173 pregnancies. Prednisolone was administered around pregnancy in 50 (28.9%) of these. The compliance with hydroxychloroquine, prednisolone, and anticoagulant and antiplatelet medication was 87.5%, 91.4%, and 97.3%, respectively. Non-compliance with anticoagulant/antiplatelet therapy was significantly associated with pregnancy-related complications. No complications developed in participants who were non-compliant with prednisolone therapy. The mean pre-pregnancy Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI) for the pregnancies was 3.7, indicating low disease activity. Pregnancies with high pre-pregnancy SLEDAI scores tended to be more likely to have preterm deliveries, intrauterine growth restriction, and stillbirth. Postpartum relapse tended to be associated with higher pre-pregnancy SLEDAI. Conclusions: In patients with pre-conceptional low SLE activity, changes in therapeutic compliance during pregnancy are not associated with adverse outcomes. In addition, post-partum relapse is not associated with pre-pregnancy SLEDAI score in therapeutically compliant patients. ER  - 
Facial emotion recognition is associated with executive functions and depression scores, but not staging of dementia, in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease$$$ Background: Although deficits in facial emotion recognition (FER) significantly affect interpersonal communication and social functioning, there is no consensus on how FER affects Alzheimer's disease (AD). In this study, we aimed to investigate the clinical and neuropsychological factors affecting the possible deficits in the FER abilities of patients with AD. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 37 patients with mild [clinical dementia rating (CDR) scale score = 1] or moderate (CDR = 2) AD, in whom vascular dementia and depression were excluded, and 24 cognitively normal (CDR = 0) subjects. FER ability was determined using the facial emotion identification test (FEIT) and facial emotion discrimination test (FEDT). All participants underwent mini-mental state examination (MMSE), frontal assessment battery (FAB), and geriatric depression scale (GDS). The neuropsychiatric inventory-clinician rating scale (NPI-C), Katz index of independence in activities of daily living, and Lawton instrumental activities of daily living were also administered to patients with AD. Results: The FEIT and FEDT total scores showed that patients with mild and moderate AD had significant FER deficits compared to healthy controls. However, no significant difference was observed between patients with mild and moderate AD in the FEIT and FEDT total scores. FEIT and FEDT scores were not correlated with the MMSE and NPI-C total and subscales scores in patients with AD. Linear regression indicated that FEIT and FEDT total scores were significantly related to age and FAB scores. The GDS score negatively moderated the relationship between FAB and FEDT. Conclusions: This study demonstrated a decreased FER ability in patients with AD. The critical point in FER deficits is the presence of dementia, not the dementia stage, in AD. It has been determined that executive functions and depression (even at a subsyndromal level), which have limited knowledge, are associated with FER abilities. ER  - 
Multimorbidity of Psoriasis: A Large-Scale Population Study of Its Associated Comorbidities$$$ Introduction: Psoriasis is a chronic disease of the skin with a prevalence of 2% in the general population. The high prevalence of psoriasis has prompted the study of its comorbidities in recent decades. We designed a study to determine the prevalence of psoriasis in a large-scale, population-based cohort, to exhaustively describe its comorbidities, and to analyze which diseases are associated with psoriasis. Methods: Retrospective, observational study based on the clinical information contained in the electronic health records of the individuals in the EpiChron Cohort with a diagnosis of psoriasis (31,178 individuals) in 2019. We used logistic regression models and calculated the likelihood of the occurrence of each comorbidity based on the presence of psoriasis (p-value < 0.05). Results: The prevalence of psoriasis was 2.84%, and it was more prevalent in men (3.31% vs. 2.43%). The most frequent chronic comorbidities were disorders of lipid metabolism (35.87%), hypertension (35.50%), and other nutritional-endocrine-metabolic disorders (21.79%). The conditions most associated with psoriasis were (odds ratio; 95% confidence interval) tuberculosis (2.36; 1.24–4.49), cystic fibrosis (2.15; 1.25–3.69), amongst others. We did not find a significant association between psoriasis and hypertension or neoplasms (0.90; 0.86–0.95). Conclusions: This study revealed significant associations between psoriasis and cardiac, psychological, and musculoskeletal comorbidities. ER  - 
Functional seizures: Are they consistent over time?$$$ Background: Our previous study showed that functional seizures (FS) are consistent in the same patient during a single video EEG monitoring (VEEG). This study aimed to check whether FS remains consistent across VEEG sessions even after several years. Methods: The study evaluated the consistency of FS across different VEEG sessions using five criteria: FS type, the main anatomical region involved (specifically, the body part most affected during the seizure), other involved anatomical regions, frequency of movements, and duration of FS. Consistency levels were categorized as low (one consistent axis), moderate (two consistent axes), and high (three or more consistent axes). Results: Fourteen patients were included in the final analysis. The mean time between monitoring was 3.8 ± 2.5 years (0.5–8 year). In 13 of 14 patients, the first and second monitoring events were classified into the same FS category. There was consistency in the main anatomical region involved in 9 out of 12 patients with motor FS. In 9 out of 12 patients with motor FS, the other anatomical regions involved were consistent in both sessions. The mean duration of the FS between sessions was inconsistent in most of the patients. Ten patients were classified with high consistency, one patient with moderate consistency, two patients with low consistency, and in one patient, the events were classified as inconsistent. Conclusions: Our results show that FS tends to remain consistent in a single patient even after several years, and there is probably no correlation between the degree of consistency and the time between VEEG sessions. These findings have implications for supporting the concept of FS as a consistent phenomenon. Additionally, they may suggest potential avenues for future research to elucidate the origins of FS. Subsequent studies are essential to validate and expand upon these preliminary observations. ER  - 
Sodium-fluorescein-guided awake surgery for cerebral metastases located in eloquent brain areas: technical notes and preliminary experiences$$$ Background/aim: Awake craniotomy (AC) maximizes the resection of lesions in eloquent brain areas while preserving functionality. Tumor delineation with intraoperative use of sodium fluorescein (NaFl) facilitates total resection. When used with AC, it may allow for safe resection without increasing the risk of postoperative neurologic deficits. This study investigated the efficacy and safety of the combined use of NaFl and AC for maximum safe resection in patients with brain metastases. Material and methods: Patients who underwent AC due to brain metastasis in the Department of Neurosurgery of Uludağ University’s Faculty of Medicine between January 1, 2018 and August 1, 2022, were retrospectively analyzed. The study comprised 2 patient groups: plain AC (pAC) and NaFl-guided AC (NaFlg–AC). Surgical outcomes related to fluorescence intensity, degree of resection, perioperative complications, and postoperative neurological factors were evaluated. Results: The pAC group included 16 patients (12 males, 4 females), and the NaFlg–AC group comprised 21 (13 males, 7 females). The mean patient ages for males and females were 61.4 years (61.4 ± 9.5 years) and 60.4 years (60.6 ± 12 years), respectively. The most common origin of the metastatic lesion was the lung in both the pAC and NaFlg–AC groups (n = 12 vs. n = 14, respectively). Gross total resection (GTR) was achieved in 85.7% of the patients in the NaFlg–AC group, whereas the GTR rate was 68.7% in the pAC group. There was no significant difference in GTR rates between the 2 groups (p = 0.254). The mean duration of the resection time was significantly shorter in the NaFlg–AC group (45.95 ± 7.00 min vs. 57.5 ± 12.51 min; p = 0.002). The patients’ Karnofsky Performance Status (KPS) score did not reach statistical significance at 6-month follow-up in either group compared to their preoperative baseline scores (p = 0.374). KPS did not show a significant difference between the 2 groups at any time. Conclusion: Fluorescence-guided resection in AC for metastatic tumors in sensory, motor, and cognitive areas is a feasible, safe, and convenient technique that significantly increases GTR rates and shortens operative time compared to conventional white light surgery without fluorescence guidance. It also does not increase the incidence of postoperative complications. With the combined use of AC and NaFl, ensuring clear and visible tumor margins during surgery and controlling patients’ neurological function in real-time are possible. ER  - 
Ketamine for depressive symptoms: A retrospective chart review of a private ketamine clinic$$$ Background: There is currently no published evidence demonstrating the effectiveness and safety of subanaesthetic doses of ketamine, when administered intravenously as an adjunct treatment for depressive symptoms, in a real world setting in South Africa. Aim: This retrospective chart review reports the clinical response (change in Patient Health Questionnaire – 7 score) to an initial infusion series of ketamine added to usual treatment, and the pattern of its subsequent maintenance use, for depressive symptoms. Setting: A private ketamine clinic in Hilton, KwaZulu-Natal. Methods: The medical records of all patients who attended a private ketamine clinic between August 2019 and 31 May 2021 were retrospectively analysed. Depression symptoms were evaluated using the Patient Health Questionaire-9 (PHQ-9) administered immediately before and 24 h after each treatment. Response was defined as a score decrease of more than 50%. Results: Among the 154 patients who received ketamine infusions for depression, 67 completed a six infusion initial series, with a response rate of 60.6% and remission rate of 32.4%. Of the 154, 50% no longer experienced any suicidal ideation after treatment and adverse events were uncommon, with 6.2% of infusions requiring intervention for adverse events, mostly nausea. In addition, 48.5% of those who completed the initial series continued to receive maintenance infusions, with no evidence of escalating use or abuse. Conclusion: Incorporating intravenous ketamine into the existing treatment regimens at a private clinic was associated with reduced acuteness of depression severity and suicidal ideation. This approach appeared safe and tolerable, showing no signs of abuse or dependence. Contribution: This is the first known naturalistic study reporting on ketamine use for depressive symptoms in South Africa. ER  - 
A Cross Sectional Study to Observe Cost of Benzodiazepines in Adult Patients with Psychiatric Disorders$$$ Background: Benzodiazepines are sedative-hypnotic medications that have been used for decades in the treatment of anxiety, epilepsy, insomnia, and other conditions. Prolonged use of benzodiazepines leads to adverse effects like addiction problems, with withdrawal symptoms, diminishing effect and difficulty in discontinuing treatment. Aims and Objectives: This observational cross-sectional study was designed to study the cost of benzodiazepines in adult population in psychiatry outpatient department of a tertiary general hospital. Materials and Methods: In 1 year duration study, 400 patients on benzodiazepines enrolled in this study and they filled up a questionnaire designed for the study. The data was evaluated using descriptive statistics. Results: The most economical drug was found to be Clonazepam 0.5mg dose, which is a longer acting benzodiazepine. Its cost per pack of 10 tablets was Rs 5.5 with per day cost was Rs 0.55. The costliest benzodiazepine prescribed was Chlordiazepoxide 10mg twice a day with cost per pack of 10 tablets was Rs 21 with per day cost was Rs 4.2. Conclusion: There is a requirement for data, which can help implement better strategy for regulation of the cost analysis at all levels to reduce burden on the patient. More studies in larger samples and multiple centres throughout the nation are needed to justify our findings. ER  - 
Generalized seizures after acute fluoxetine overdose in four adolescents$$$ Fluoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor that is less frequently associated with severe toxicity in acute overdose compared with other psychotropic medications. Although rare, generalized seizure has been reported after isolated fluoxetine overdose. Most cases in the literature have occurred between one- and 16 h following acute ingestion of ≥1000 mg. Here, we present a series of four cases of adolescents who presented to our pediatric emergency department with reported or witnessed seizures after acute fluoxetine overdose between 3/2021 and 1/2022. These cases included intentional ingestions of fluoxetine at doses between 600 and 1200 mg (10–19.5 mg/kg), each of whom had a single, witnessed episode of generalized seizure activity which occurred between three- and nine-hours post-ingestion. All patients had signs of mild serotonin excess and two met conventional criteria for diagnosis of serotonin toxicity. All patients were evaluated by a medical toxicologist and were hospitalized for observation. No patient developed subsequent seizure or further complications related to overdose and no patient received neuroimaging, electroencephalography, or evaluation by a neurologist. Though previously described, seizure is an uncommon and potentially underappreciated complication after fluoxetine overdose and occurred in some of our patients at doses lower than those which have typically been reported in the literature. ER  - 
Anxiety, depression, sleep disorders and quality of life in parents of children with first unprovoked seizure and epilepsy$$$ Background. Parents of a child with neurological problems such as seizures and epilepsy experience significant mental distress. Little is known about the mental state of parents in such a stressful situation. This study aims to determine the prevalence of self-reported depression, anxiety, sleep disorders, and quality of life in parents of children with epilepsy and first unprovoked seizure. Methods. This cross-sectional study was conducted among the parents of children diagnosed with first unprovoked seizure and epilepsy admitted to the Pediatric Neurology Department, Outpatient Unit of İnönü University Medical Faculty Hospital. Participants filled out a questionnaire investigating demographic variables, Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), and 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey (SF-36). Results. 113 parents participated in the study. Depression was found in 7%, anxiety in 14%, and sleep quality disorder in 33.3% of parents of children diagnosed with epilepsy on the basis of moderate or higher severity, while depression was found in 8.9%, anxiety in 14.3%, and sleep disorder in 21.4% of parents of children diagnosed with first unprovoked seizure. There was no statistically significant difference between the groups. Mothers were at higher risk for loss of physical function and social functionality. There was a positive correlation between BAI, BDI, and PSQI scores. Quality of life sub-dimension measured by SF-36 was associated with different levels of depression, anxiety, and sleep quality. Conclusion. Addressing parental psychiatric problems by professionals involved in the treatment of children with a history of seizures may have the potential to provide further support for the family and the care of patients. ER  - 
Listening to music during intranasal (es)ketamine therapy in patients with treatment-resistant depression correlates with better tolerability and reduced anxiety$$$ Background: Although the effectiveness of (es)ketamine for therapy-resistant depression (TRD) has been established, potential treatment-limiting factors include side effects like dissociation, anxiety, or elevated blood pressure. Music can reduce stress and negative emotions as anxiety. This study aimed to investigate the impact of listening to music during intranasal (es)ketamine administration on both tolerability and efficacy. Methods: Records of 494 sessions (of 37 patients) with intranasal (es)ketamine administration, each containing data of blood pressure measurements, DSS-IV (dissociation symptoms scale-IV), anxiety and euphoria analogue scale, MADRS (Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale) and BDI (Beck’s Depression Inventory) were evaluated. Results: The between-group analysis, comparing participants who listened to music with those who did not, revealed significant differences in the administered dose (p-value: 0.003, mean: 131.5 mg with music vs. 116.7 mg without music), scores on the DSS Item 1 (p-value: 0.005, mean: 3 points vs. 2.4 points), levels of anxiety (p-value: <0.001, mean: 0.4 points vs. 1.4 points), and measurements of maximal systolic blood pressure after administration (p-value: 0.017, mean: 137.9 mmHg vs. 140.3 mmHg). Listening to music had no impact on the MARDS-change score between the sessions. Limitations: Key limitations include a non-randomized naturalistic design and the non-standardized selection of music, which was based on individual patient preferences. Conclusion: Listening to music during intranasal (es)ketamine therapy appears to be linked to reduced anxiety and lower blood pressure, stable or increased dissociation levels, and improved tolerance for higher doses. These findings could potentially contribute to the optimization of (es)ketamine therapy, both in terms of treatment efficacy and managing side effects. ER  - 
Altered cortical thickness-based structural covariance networks in type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ Cognitive impairment is a common complication of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and early cognitive dysfunction may be associated with abnormal changes in the cerebral cortex. This retrospective study aimed to investigate the cortical thickness-based structural topological network changes in T2DM patients without mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Fifty-six T2DM patients and 59 healthy controls underwent neuropsychological assessments and sagittal 3-dimensional T1-weighted structural magnetic resonance imaging. Then, we combined cortical thickness-based assessments with graph theoretical analysis to explore the abnormalities in structural covariance networks in T2DM patients. Correlation analyses were performed to investigate the relationship between the altered topological parameters and cognitive/clinical variables. T2DM patients exhibited significantly lower clustering coefficient (C) and local efficiency (Elocal) values and showed nodal property disorders in the occipital cortical, inferior temporal, and inferior frontal regions, the precuneus, and the precentral and insular gyri. Moreover, the structural topological network changes in multiple nodes were correlated with the findings of neuropsychological tests in T2DM patients. Thus, while T2DM patients without MCI showed a relatively normal global network, the local topological organization of the structural network was disordered. Moreover, the impaired ventral visual pathway may be involved in the neural mechanism of visual cognitive impairment in T2DM patients. This study enriched the characteristics of gray matter structure changes in early cognitive dysfunction in T2DM patients. ER  - 
Epidemiology and Outcomes of Neurofibromatosis Type 1 (NF-1): Multicenter Tertiary Experience$$$ Purpose: The aim of this manuscript was to assess the epidemiology and clinical features of Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF-1) based on the newly published revised NF-1 diagnostic criteria and to evaluate complications of NF-1 including neurodevelopmental disorders. Patients and methods: A retrospective cross-sectional observational study was conducted in the Ministry of National Guard Health Affairs (MNGHA) healthcare organization branches including four tertiary hospitals and 51 primary health care centers in different regions in Saudi Arabia. This study included all patients diagnosed with NF1 using the revised NIH diagnostic criteria published in 2021 that were registered at the electronic medical records (EMR) from 2015 to 2021. Results: A total of 184 patients fulfilled the diagnostic criteria and were included in this study. The median age at diagnosis was 11 years (IQR: 4.00–20.25). The most encountered diagnostic criteria in this study were Café-au-lait macules (85.3%), and (42.9%) were found to have two or more neurofibromas with plexiform neurofibroma being the most common subtype (23.36%), approximately (36.4%) of the patient with optic pathway glioma. Nearby (26.6%) of the patients displayed different type of tumors. Iris Lisch nodules were presented in 36.4% of patients at a median age of 12 years (IQR: 9.0–21.8). Cardiovascular abnormality was encountered in 9.8% of the patients. Around 27.7% of the patients reported headache and 11.4% of the patient suffered from different type of epilepsy. Besides, 10.5% of the patients had intellectual disability, 33.8% suffered from communication disorders, and 4.9% patients had ADHD. Conclusion: The results of this study will enable practitioners to adopt a more holistic approach and prioritize numerous attributes, which they can subsequently incorporate into their therapeutic methodologies. Furthermore, the identification of these attributes will facilitate an expeditious and accurate diagnosis. Hence, the implementation of intervention during its nascent phase may result in a more advantageous consequence. ER  - 
Central nervous system immune-related disorders after SARS-CoV-2 vaccination: a multicenter study$$$ Background: COVID-19 vaccines have been approved due to their excellent safety and efficacy data and their use has also permitted to reduce neurological complications of SARS-CoV-2. However, clinical trials were underpowered to detect rare adverse events. Herein, the aim was to characterize the clinical spectrum and immunological features of central nervous system (CNS) immune-related events following SARS-CoV-2 vaccination. Methods: Multicenter, retrospective, cohort study (December 1, 2020-April 30, 2022). Inclusion criteria were (1) de novo CNS disorders developing after SARS-CoV-2 vaccination (probable causal relationship as per 2021 Butler criteria) (2); evidence for an immune-mediated etiology, as per (i) 2016 Graus criteria for autoimmune encephalitis (AE); (ii) 2015 Wingerchuk criteria for neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders; (iii) criteria for myelitis. Results: Nineteen patients were included from 7 tertiary referral hospitals across Italy and France (one of them being a national referral center for AE), over almost 1 year and half of vaccination campaign. Vaccines administered were mRNA-based (63%) and adenovirus-vectored (37%). The median time between vaccination and symptoms onset was 14 days (range: 2-41 days). CSF was inflammatory in 74%; autoantibodies were detected in 5%. CSF cytokine analysis (n=3) revealed increased CXCL-10 (IP-10), suggesting robust T-cell activation. The patients had AE (58%), myelitis (21%), acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM) (16%), and brainstem encephalitis (5%). All patients but 2 received immunomodulatory treatment. At last follow-up (median 130 days; range: 32-540), only one patient (5%) had a mRS>2. Conclusion: CNS adverse events of COVID-19 vaccination appear to be very rare even at reference centers and consist mostly of antibody-negative AE, myelitis, and ADEM developing approximately 2 weeks after vaccination. Most patients improve following immunomodulatory treatment. ER  - 
The valproate prescription pattern for female mental healthcare users of reproductive age$$$ Background: Sodium valproate (valproate) that is used both as an anti-epileptic and a mood stabiliser is teratogenic in pregnancy. A Dear Health Care Professional Letter (DHCPL) issued in December 2015 recommended the avoidance of sodium valproate prescription in women of childbearing age (WOCBA) and pregnant women. Aim: This study aimed to describe the prescription pattern of valproate in female mental healthcare users (MHCUs). Setting: Regional hospital psychiatry department in King Dinizulu Hospital Complex, Durban, KwaZulu-Natal. Methods: This was a descriptive, retrospective chart review of female in-and out-patient aged 12–55 years who were receiving a valproate prescription for mental illness between 01 January 2018 and 31 December 2020. Results: Of the 158 females who received valproate during the study period, 15 (9.5%) had it tapered off while 143 (90.5%) were continued. Only 19% of all the patients had documented counselling regarding valproate, 19 (12%) had documented contraceptive use, and six (3.8%) continued its use at any point during pregnancy. The most frequently prescribed dose range was 800 mg – 1499 mg/day (n = 111, 70.7%) and the most common psychiatric indication was a psychotic disorder. Conclusion: This study showed that prescription of valproate in female MHCUs still occurs in practice in a referral centre in South Africa despite the guidelines outlining management of those of reproductive age on valproate. The prescription pattern and monitoring of valproate were poorly documented in relation to the guideline. Contribution: This study highlights the lack of adherence to recommendations regarding the prescription of valproate in WOCBA and the need for improved documentation of the indications, consent and counselling. ER  - 
Risk factors and clinical profile of autism spectrum disorder in southern Brazil$$$ In Brazil, as in other countries, it is expected a significant variation of epidemiological and clinical characteristics among individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). This study was performed to explore maternal risk factors and clinical characteristics of children with ASD in a population located in southern Brazil. Data were collected from medical records and analyzed to explore biomarkers associated with ASD. Out of 321 children with ASD, 86.5% were males with a male-to-female ratio of 5.7:1, 50.7% were mild/moderate while 49.3% presented severe ASD. Between the risk factors investigated, gestational infection was significantly associated with severe ASD patients. There was also an association between epilepsy and severe autism. Several gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms were significantly associated with severe ASD. Obesity, followed by lower levels of cholesterol, were also significant factors associated with an ASD diagnosis when compared to age-matched controls. Finally, severe ASD was associated with significantly higher serum serotonin levels when compared to age-matched controls and mild/moderate ASD cases. Our findings demonstrate that our population shares many features associated with ASD around the world, such as GI symptoms, epilepsy, and high serotonin levels. It is worth highlighting the low cholesterol levels associated with obesity as an unusual feature that deserves more attention. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics to prevent hypersensitivity reactions to antiepileptic drugs: Is testing performed when indicated?$$$ Extensive scientific evidence consistently demonstrates the clinical validity and utility of HLA-B∗15:02 pre-screening in averting severe cutaneous adverse reactions (SCARs), namely Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis, associated with carbamazepine or oxcarbazepine usage. Current practice guidelines and drug labeling actively advocate for pharmacogenetic pre-screening before initiating these antiepileptic drugs (AED), with particular emphasis on patients of Asian descent. However, there is a potential need to strengthen compliance with these recommendations. This retrospective study aimed to describe the pharmacogenetic pre-screening, documentation, and SCARs incidence for patients of Asian ancestry initiated on carbamazepine or oxcarbazepine at a large Northeastern USA healthcare system. Between 1 July 2016 and August 1, 2021, 27 patients with documented Asian heritage in the electronic health record (EHR) were included. The overall rate of HLA-B∗15:02 pre-screening before carbamazepine or oxcarbazepine initiation was 4%. None who underwent pharmacogenetic pre-screening carried the associated HLA-B risk allele, and no SCARs were reported. Notably, pharmacogenetic results were not discretely entered into the EHR, and the results were only found as attached documents in the miscellaneous section of the EHR. There remains a significant opportunity for improving HLA-B∗15:02 pre-screening for patients starting carbamazepine and oxcarbazepine to prevent SCARs in the USA. ER  - 
Normalization and cross-sectional validation of an extended Adverse Event Profile (E AEP) in a large cohort of patients with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: The Liverpool Adverse Event Profile (L AEP) is commonly applied in clinical practice and pharmacological trials for the monitoring of side effects of anti-seizure medication (ASM). However, additional symptoms need to be assessed and normative data would be appreciated to put patients´ complaints into perspective. Methods: An extended 32-item AEP (E AEP) was given to 537 healthy subjects and 1,605 patients with epilepsy as part of the Bonn ASM side effect registry. The tool was factor-analyzed, normed with regard to age, gender, and repeated application, and related to drug load and individual substances (with N> 100) on item and scale level (total E AEP and its subscales cognition, dizziness, energy, mood, bodily symptoms, aggression, and sexuality). Results: Compared to non-normalized results, on item level, between one and two-thirds less problematic responses were noted after normalization. Binary regression analyses revealed differential effects of antiseizure-drug treatment, but also of antidepressants and neuroleptics on complaint domains. The explained variance was better for bodily than psychic domains. The results reflect both known drug side effects and indications. Patients´ explicit attribution of problems to their drugs barely improved the correlation of the E AEP and treatment parameters. Conclusion: Application of a normed AEP is highly recommended to avoid an overestimation of treatment related problems in patients with epilepsy. It allows evaluation on item and scale level for individuals as well as groups in drug trials. Plausible relations to individual drugs and to drug load can be demonstrated. The explanatory power was better for physical than psychic domains. Drug-related complaint patterns reflect known drug side effects (e.g. perampanel and brivaracetam with aggression) as well as drug indications (e.g. lamotrigine for depression), the latter particularly when considerations of side effects found their way into treatment decisions. Longitudinal evaluation with repeated application of the E AEP along with changes of drug treatment is in progress. ER  - 
Insomnia in epilepsy is associated with nocturnal seizures and anxiety$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to identify the factors associated with insomnia in patients with epilepsy (PWE) and provide evidence for clinical prevention and treatment. Methods: PWE who visited our epilepsy clinic from December 2021 to December 2022 were enrolled in our study. All participants completed the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), Self-rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), and Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS). Based on their ISI scores, they were categorized into two groups: PWE with insomnia (ISI score ≥ 10) and PWE without insomnia (ISI score < 10). Univariate analysis and stepwise logistic regression analysis were conducted to identify the factors associated with insomnia in PWE. Results: A total of 196 Chinese PWE were recruited in this study(men, 39.8 %). Of these, 39 PWE(19.9 %) had insomnia.The incidence of nocturnal seizures (43.6 %vs19.7 %), depression (46.2 %vs9.6 %), anxiety (59.0 %vs11.5 %), and excessive daytime sleepiness(EDS,28.2 %vs5.7 %) in PWE with insomnia were significantly higher than in those without insomnia(all p0.01). Univariate regression analysis showed that seizures greater than or equal to once per month, nocturnal seizures, anxiety, depression, and EDS may associate with insomnia in PWE(all p0.05). Stepwise logistic regression analysis demonstrated that nocturnal seizures (OR = 2.611,95 % CI 1.040–6.478, P = 0.038) and anxiety (mild OR = 4.830,95 %CI 1.741–13.186, P = 0.002;moderate OR = 24.239,95 %CI 4.719–183.935, P0.001; severe OR = 37.653,95 %CI 4.931–782.741, P = 0.002) were independently associated with insomnia in PWE. Conclusion: PWE with insomnia are more likely to experience depression and EDS. Nocturnal seizures and anxiety are identified as independent factors associated with insomnia in PWE. Furthermore, Anxiety has a greater impact on insomnia in PWE and the likelihood of insomnia has increased significantly with the aggravation of anxiety levels. ER  - 
German questionnaires assessing quality of life and psycho-social status in people with epilepsy: Reliable change and intercorrelations$$$ Objectives: People with epilepsy (PWE) not only suffer from seizures but also from various psycho-social issues containing facets such as social functioning, anxiety, depression or stigmatization, and consequently quality of life. (1) Assessing reliable change of these issues is crucial to evaluate their course and potential treatment effects. As most psycho-social self-report questionnaires have been validated in separate samples, their clinical-socio-demographic differences may limit the comparability and generalizability of the scales’ internal consistency, which is important for the reliable change index (RCI). Using a co-normalized approach, we provide the internal consistency and RCIs for a large set of questionnaires targeting quality of life (QOLIE-31-P), depressive symptoms (NDDI-E), anxiety (GAD-7), seizure severity (LSSS), subjective antiseizure medication adverse events (LAEP), stigma, epilepsy-related fear, and restrictions in daily life (PESOS), and subjective cognition (FLei). As for some German versions of these measures, psychometric data is still missing, we also add important information for the German language area. (2) In addition, knowledge about intercorrelations of these constructs is needed to shape questionnaire usage and treatment approaches. We thus investigate associations of these scales and compare weighted and unweighted subscales of the QOLIE-31-P. Methods: In our prospective study, 202 adult in-patients of the Epilepsy-Center Berlin-Brandenburg with a reliable diagnosis of epilepsy filled out a set of self-report questionnaires between 03/2018 and 03/2021. We calculated Cronbach's α, RCIs, and bivariate intercorrelations and compared the respective correlations of weighted and unweighted scales of the QOLIE-31-P. Results: For most of the scales, good to excellent internal consistency was identified. Furthermore, we found intercorrelations in the expected directions with strong links between scales assessing similar constructs (e.g., QOLIE-31-P Cognition and FLei), but weak relationships between measures for different constructs (e.g., QOLIE-31-P Seizure worry and FLei). The QOLIE-31-P Total score was highly correlated with most of the other scales. Some differences regarding their correlational patterns for weighted and unweighted QOLIE-31-P scales were identified. Conclusions: Psycho-social constructs share a large amount of common variance, but still can be separated from each other. The QOLIE-31-P Total score represents an adequate measure of general psycho-social burden. ER  - 
Patient-reported outcome measures in patients with familial cerebral cavernous malformations: results from the Treat_CCM trial$$$ Background: The Phase 1/2 Treat_CCM randomized controlled trial for people with familial cerebral cavernous malformations (FCCMs) confirmed the safety of propranolol and suggested beneficial effects on intracerebral hemorrhage or new focal neurological deficits, but the effects on patient-reported outcome measures have not been reported. Methods: Participants completed self-reported questionnaires at baseline, 1 and 2 years. Depression was assessed with the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-2); Anxiety with the State–Trait Anxiety Inventory X1 and X2 (STAI X-1 and STAI X-2); and Quality of Life with the Short Form 36 (SF-36), split into the physical and mental component scales (PCS and MCS). Differences between treatment groups and the general population were assessed. Change over time by treatment was assessed by means of mixed models. Results: In total, 71 participants (48 propranolol and 23 standard care) were enrolled, of whom 61 (73%) completed questionnaires at baseline and 2-year FU. At baseline, no differences between treatment groups for any of the questionnaires were present. Twenty (31.7%) patients were considered depressed at baseline, while this proportion was lower in the propranolol group after 2 years (28.6% vs. 55.5%, p = 0.047). The STAI X-1 and X-2 scores were stable over time. PCS was lower in FCCM patients as compared with the general Italian population, while the MCS was similar to the general population. No effect of propranolol was found for both PCS and MCS. Conclusion: Depression is common among patients with FCCM. Patients randomized to propranolol had a lower proportion of participants with depression after 2 years. Clinical trial registration: https://clinicaltrials.gov/, identifier (NCT03589014). ER  - 
Complex executive functions assessed by the trail making test (TMT) part B improve more than those assessed by the TMT part A or digit span backward task during vagus nerve stimulation in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Introduction: There is a paucity of clinical studies examining the long-term effects of vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) on cognition, although a recent study of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) treated with VNS therapy demonstrated significant improvement in executive functions as measured by the EpiTrack composite score. The present study aimed to investigate performance variability in three cognitive tests assessing executive functions and working memory in a cohort of DRE patients receiving VNS therapy during a follow-up duration of up to 5 years. Methods: The study included 46 DRE patients who were assessed with the Trail Making Test (TMT) (Parts A and B) and Digit Span Backward (DB) task prior to VNS implantation, 6 months and 12 months after implantation, and yearly thereafter as a part of the clinical VNS protocol. A linear mixed-effects (LME) model was used to analyze changes in test z scores over time, accounting for variations in follow-up duration when predicting changes over 5 years. Additionally, we conducted descriptive analyses to illustrate individual changes. Results: On average, TMT-A z scores improved by 0.024 units (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.006 to 0.042, p = 0.009), TMT-B z scores by 0.034 units (95% CI: 0.012 to 0.057, p = 0.003), and DB z scores by 0.019 units per month (95% CI: 0.011 to 0.028, p < 0.001). Patients with psychiatric comorbidities achieved the greatest improvements in TMT-B and DB z scores among all groups (0.0058 units/month, p = 0.036 and 0.028 units/month, p = 0.003, respectively). TMT-A z scores improved the most in patients taking 1–2 ASMs as well as in patients with psychiatric comorbidities (0.042 units/month, p = 0.002 and p = 0.003, respectively). Conclusion: Performance in all three tests improved at the group level during the follow-up period, with the most robust improvement observed in TMT-B, which requires inhibition control and set-switching in addition to the visuoperceptual processing speed that is crucial in TMT-A and working-memory performance that is essential in DB. Moreover, the improvement in TMT-B was further enhanced if the patient had psychiatric comorbidities. ER  - 
Quality of Sleep and the Factors Affecting It in Adults with Traumatic Spinal Cord Injury: A Cross Sectional Study$$$ Background: In this study, we assessed the quality of sleep and the factors affecting it, in adults with traumatic spinal cord injury. Methods: The observational cross-sectional study was carried out for a period of one year in 100 adults with TSCI who satisfied the selection criteria and visited the Department of PMR, at a tertiary care centre, Kerala, India. They were assessed for quality of sleep using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). They were also interviewed and examined for extent of injury and for the presence of specific symptoms or signs peculiar to the study population. The presence or absence of these factors were compared with the quality of sleep to find out if they had any relationship to the same. Results: SPSS version 25 data analyser was used to assess the variables. Chi square test was used to compare the results. On relating with sleep quality, the following factors: (1) AIS status, (2) duration of SCI, (3) flexor spasms, (4) bowel accidents, (5) anxiety, (6) depression, (7) bed mobility and (8) ambulatory ability were found to be of significance, while the factors: (1)extent of injury, (2)pain and (3) spasticity were not found to be statistically significant. Conclusions: (1) 47% of the study population had disturbed sleep with a PSQI score of more than 5. (2) Patients with AIS D were 1. three times more likely to have undisturbed sleep compared to AIS A. (3) Patients with duration of SCI of more than one year were 1.56 times more likely to have undisturbed sleep compared to patients with duration less than one year. (4) Patients with flexor spasm were 3.67 times more likely to have disturbed sleep compared to those without. (5) Patients with bowel accidents were 3.67 times more likely to have disturbed sleep compared to those without. (6) Patients with anxiety were 3.73 times more likely to have disturbed sleep compared to those without. (7) Patients with depression were 8.33 times more likely to have disturbed sleep compared to those without. (8) Patients with bed mobility were 4.88 times more likely to have undisturbed sleep compared to those without. (9) Patients with ambulatory ability were 17.3 times more likely to have undisturbed sleep compared to those without. ER  - 
Alcohol for seizure induction in the epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ Rationale: Seizure induction techniques are used in the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) to increase diagnostic yield and reduce length of stay. There are insufficient data on the efficacy of alcohol as an induction technique. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study using six years of EMU data at our institution. We compared cases who received alcohol for seizure induction to matched controls who did not. The groups were matched on the following variables: age, reason for admission, length of stay, number of antiseizure medications (ASM) at admission, whether ASMs were tapered during admission, and presence of interictal epileptiform discharges. We used both propensity score and exact matching strategies. We compared the likelihood of epileptic seizures and nonepileptic events in cases versus controls using Kaplan-Meier time-to-event analysis, as well as odds ratios for these outcomes occurring at any time during the admission. Results: We analyzed 256 cases who received alcohol (median dose 2.5 standard drinks) and 256 propensity score-matched controls. Cases who received alcohol were no more likely than controls to have an epileptic seizure (X2(1) = 0.01, p = 0.93) or nonepileptic event (X2(1) = 2.1, p = 0.14) in the first 48 h after alcohol administration. For the admission overall, cases were no more likely to have an epileptic seizure (OR 0.89, 95 % CI 0.61–1.28, p = 0.58), nonepileptic event (OR 0.97, CI 0.62–1.53, p = 1.00), nor require rescue benzodiazepine (OR 0.63, CI 0.35–1.12, p = 0.15). Stratified analyses revealed no increased risk of epileptic seizure in any subgroups. Sensitivity analysis using exact matching showed that results were robust to matching strategy. Conclusions: Alcohol was not an effective induction technique in the EMU. This finding has implications for counseling patients with epilepsy about the risks of drinking alcohol in moderation in their daily lives. ER  - 
Efficacy of vestibular rehabilitation and its facilitating and hindering factors from real-world clinical data$$$ Background and purpose: Customized vestibular rehabilitation improved dizziness and imbalance in several randomized controlled trials. In the present study, we determined the efficacy of customized vestibular rehabilitation using real-world observational data. Methods: In this retrospective observational study, we recruited 64 patients (median age = 60, interquartile range = 48–66.3) who completed the customized vestibular rehabilitation from January to December 2022. The outcomes of rehabilitation were evaluated using the dizziness handicap inventory (DHI) or vestibular disorders activities of daily living scale (VADL). The factors associated with outcomes were assessed with a generalized linear model, of which covariates included patients’ age, sex, duration of illness, type of vestibular disorders, initial DHI and VADL scores, exercise compliance, and initial hospital anxiety and depression scale (HADS) scores. Results: After the median of 6 (4–6) weeks of rehabilitation, DHI and VADL scores significantly improved in patients with either peripheral or central vestibular disorders (Wilcoxon signed-rank test, p < 0.05). The initial DHI and VADL scores showed a positive while the sum of HADS scores showed a negative correlation with the outcome. In contrast, the age, sex, duration of illness, types of vestibular disorders, and exercise compliance did not affect the outcome. Discussion and conclusion: Customized vestibular rehabilitation is effective for central as well as peripheral disorders, especially when the symptoms are severe and the psychological distress is mild. ER  - 
Myotonic dystrophy type 1 (Steinert disease): 29 years of experience at a tertiary pediatric hospital$$$ Background: Myotonic dystrophy type 1 (DM1) is a multisystemic disorder caused by the expansion of a noncoding triplet repeat. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed to characterize pediatric patients with DM1 followed in a tertiary hospital over the last 29 years, comparing the congenital and the childhood/juvenile-onset forms. Results: Thirty-seven patients (59.5 % male) were included, with a median age at the latest assessment of 16.8 years and a median follow-up of 7.7 years. Eleven patients were lost to follow-up, and two died. Twenty-five had congenital DM1 (CDM1), and this form had significantly higher triplet repeat length, history of polyhydramnios, lower median age at diagnosis, and first and last assessment. Common symptoms included distal skeletal muscle weakness (75.7 %) and facial involvement (94.6 %), along with dysphonia/dysarthria (73.0 %) and myotonia (73.0 %). Delayed independent ambulation frequency was significantly higher for CDM1 cases. Skeletal deformities affected 54.1 %, with talipes equinovarus and scoliosis occurring exclusively in CDM1 patients. Cognitive deficit was present in 75.7 % of cases. Polysomnograms revealed seven cases of obstructive sleep apnea and two of hypoventilation. Noninvasive ventilation was used in nine cases, and three had recurrent respiratory infections. The cardiovascular system was affected in 21.6 % of cases. Gastrointestinal issues included constipation (24.3 %), feeding difficulties (16.2 %), and cholelithiasis (5.4 %). Cataracts, epilepsy, and diabetes mellitus were reported in two cases each. Conclusion: Our study highlights the diverse spectrum of severity and multiorgan involvement of DM1 in pediatric patients. It underscores the importance of establishing a pediatric-specific standard of care to enhance health outcomes through comprehensive multidisciplinary management. ER  - 
Association of level of adherence to Mediterranean diet with cognitive and dementia status in subjects with chronic diseases: a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: The Mediterranean diet has been linked to brain neuroprotection. Evidence from meta-analyses showed reduced risk of dementia with greater intake of vegetables and fruits, fish, and the Mediterranean diet. The current study raises important questions about the association between low risk dementia and Mediterranean diet. Objective: The objective was to evaluate the association between levels of adherence to the Mediterranean diet and dementia and cognitive status in subjects 50 years of age and older. Method: The Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS), the modified 30-item ‘Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Third Edition (DSM-III) risk of dementia, and the Standard Mini-Mental Status Examination (SMMSE) cognitive status scores were used to assess the levels of adherence to the Mediterranean diet’. Results: A total of 150 subjects were enrolled in the study. Forty-one (27.3%) had ‘suspected or confirmed dementia, while 48 individuals (32%) were categorized as having moderate to severe cognitive decline. Subjects who reported moderate to high adherence to the Mediterranean diet (55, 36.7%) had significantly lower dementia scores (7.0 3.8 versus 17.6 5.1) and higher cognitive (25.4 3.8 versus 8.6 7.2) scores compared to those (38, 25.3%) who reported low adherence to the Mediterranean diet. Conclusion: Subjects who were highly or moderately adherent to the Mediterranean diet had significantly lower dementia scores and better cognitive status than those with low adherence. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures with and without epilepsy: Exploring the influence of co-existing psychiatric disorders on clinical characteristics and outcomes$$$ Background and objectives: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are commonly associated with co-existing psychiatric disorders. The relationship between psychiatric factors and PNES episodes with and without epilepsy remains understudied. We reviewed co-existing psychiatric disorders in PNES-only, PNES with epilepsy aiming to examine whether these co-existing disorders associated with PNES clinical presentation and long-term outcomes. Methods: We conducted a retrospective, longitudinal cohort study of patients with PNES diagnosed at our EMU from May 2000 to April 2008, with follow-up clinical data until September 2015. We categorized patients into three groups: PNES-only, PNES+ definite epilepsy, and PNES+ possible/probable epilepsy. Results: In total, 271 patients with PNES were identified: 194 had PNES-only, 30 had PNES+ possible or probable epilepsy, and 47 had PNES+ definite epilepsy. No significant differences were observed in the prevalence of depression, anxiety, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), substance abuse, or suicidal thoughts among the three groups. Similarly, no differences in co-existing psychiatric disorders characteristics were discovered among patients grouped by various durations and frequencies of PNES episodes. At EMU admission, for PNES-only patients total of 130/194 patients (67%) were on ASMs, and 64/194 (32.9%) were not. PNES-only not on ASM were the most likely to report at least two of the three main psychiatric disorders (depression, anxiety, and PTSD; p = 0.01). At the final follow-up, 68/130 (52.3%) and 92/130 (70.8%) patients were able to discontinue or reduce their ASM intake, respectively, with no significant differences in co-existing psychiatric disorders among them (p < 0.001). Overall, 51.6% or 31.3% of patients reported reduced or resolved PNES episodes, respectively. Further, this reduction and resolution of PNES episode were not affected by any psychological variable. Conclusions: Co-existing psychiatric disorders prevalence did not differ between patients with PNES-only and those with coexisting epilepsy. Further, co-existing psychiatric disorders characteristics did not reliably predict PNES episode duration, frequency, reduction, or resolution. For patients with PNES-only, the presence of co-existing psychiatric disorders did not predict the rate at which ASMs could be reduced or discontinued. ER  - 
Childhood vertigo: A retrospective series of 791 cases$$$ Background: Vertigo is one of the most common complaints leading to admissions in pediatric neurology clinics. Diagnosis of vertigo in children is often challenging due to limited communication capacity in defining symptoms, the unreliability of neurovestibular investigations in children and the variability of etiologies. The aim of this study is to evaluate clinical and etiological profile of vertigo in childhood and to assess the diagnostic yield of neuroimaging and electroencephalography (EEG). Methods: All patients under the age of 18 years presented with vertigo to the pediatric neurology outpatient clinic of Ankara Keçiören Research and Training Hospital were included in the study. Demographic data, accompanying symptoms, family history, physical and neurological examination findings, neuroimaging, and EEG results were retrospectively analyzed. The etiological spectrum was also evaluated according to age groups. Results: A total of 791 patients (female/male=2.1) with a mean age of 13.1 years were included in the study. The most common etiologies were vestibular migraine (27.3%) and psychogenic vertigo (14.9%) in the entire cohort; whereas benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood was the top diagnosis in children ≤12 years (25%). The most common accompanying symptom was headache (36.7%) which was most frequently associated with vertigo attacks in migrainous patients. In most cases there was no correlation between neuroimaging findings and vertigo. Additionally, the contribution of EEG to the diagnosis was found to be limited. Conclusion: Most of the childhood vertigo cases can be diagnosed accurately by a detailed medical history, physical and neurological examination. A multidisciplinary approach is essential for evaluating childhood vertigo and all the signs and symptoms accompanying vertigo should be considered while planning further investigations including neuroimaging and EEG. ER  - 
Angong niuhuang pill improves the neurological function of younger patients with basal ganglia and cerebral lobe intracerebral hemorrhage: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background & Objective: Spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage (SICH) is one of the stroke forms with the highest disability and mortality rates and significant differences in prognosis among patients with different locations of SICH. Angong Niuhuang Pill (ANP) 安宫牛黄丸 is one of the most well-known traditional Chinese patent medicines used in the clinical emergency treatment of cardio-cerebrovascular diseases. This prospective study was performed to determine the therapeutic effect of ANP in different locations of SICH. Methods: Patients with basal ganglia(n=81) and cerebral lobe (n=67) hemorrhage were randomly assigned into two groups: the standard medical management (SMM) group and the combined ANP as well as medical management group (ANP group). Fisher exact test and Mann-Whitney U test were used for comparing the differences between two groups. Primary and secondary outcomes were the 6-month modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores and the 2-week Brunnstrom stage ratings. Results: For patients with basal ganglia hemorrhage and cerebral lobe hemorrhage, there were no significant differences observed between the ANP group and the SMM group in terms of patient age (53.1±5.3 vs 52.7±6.4; 54.7±4.8 vs 52.7±5.9), sex (male:64.3% vs 53.8%; 63.6% vs 58.8%), body mass index (25.1±2.1 vs 24.2±2.6; 25.6±2.0 vs 25.0±2.4), mean hematoma volume (17.1±6.6 vs 18.6±5.7; 18.4±7.4 vs 18.9±6.0), as well as the proportions of hypertension (88.1%vs71.8%; 90.9% vs 76.5%), alcoholism (40.5% vs 51.3%; 54.6% vs 41.2%), smoking (40.5% vs 38.5%; 36.4% vs 38.2%), and diabetes mellitus (21.4% vs 18%; 12.1% vs 17.7%). The proportion of basal ganglia hemorrhage patients with a 6-month mRS score of 0-2 in the ANP group was significantly higher than that in the SMM group (26.2% vs. 2.6%, P=0.004), but it was not significantly improved in patients with cerebral lobe hemorrhage (57.6% vs 38.2%, P=0.145). The 2-week Brunnstrom stage ratings of patients with basal ganglia hemorrhage were significant difference (P=0.048). But for patients with cerebral lobe hemorrhage, there was no significant difference (P=0.164). The incidence of liver dysfunction, renal dysfunction, gastrointestinal dysfunction, hypothermia and allergy in the two groups of patients was not significantly different. Conclusions: ANP has different therapeutic effects on different locations of SICH, and has the most obvious effect on improving the long-term neurological function of patients with basal ganglia hemorrhage. ER  - 
Prevalence of use of on-label and off-label psychotropics in the Greek pediatric population$$$ With a global increased use of psychotropics in pediatrics, their off-label use is a concern due to uncertainty and risk. Data on psychotropics use in the Greek pediatric population do not exist to date. We analyzed retrospective data from the nationwide pharmacy claim database, to estimate the prevalence of psychotropics in pediatrics focusing on off-label use (March 2016-October 2019). In total 63,782 pediatric subjects had at least one identified psychotropic prescription. The prevalence of psychotropics use was 5.1–14.6/1,000 pediatric inhabitants. When excluding 42,508 subjects who received only short-time hydroxyzine, the prevalence was 3.1–6.5/1,000 pediatric inhabitants; adolescents and boys had higher exposures. An in-depth analysis of 21,274 subjects accounting for 222,307 psychotropic dispensations, showed antiepileptics as the most frequent psychotropics, consistently with the finding on epilepsy being the most frequent diagnosis; diazepam was the single drug with the highest exposure in almost all ages. 14% of subjects have received at least one medicine with no pediatric information in the labelling, corresponding to 5.5% of dispensed psychotropics. 7.6% of all dispensed psychotropics were used in a non-authorized age range with quetiapine being the most frequent psychotropic as off-label age range; antipsychotics and antidepressants were first as off-label for non-authorized indication. Data from Greece show that a relevant number of patients are prescribed psychotropics, with 1 in 7 being under off-label use. Due to the limitations inherent to pharmacy claims databases, further research using clinical data for a longer follow-up period could confirm and identify trends in psychotropics use in Greece. ER  - 
Influence of psychological factors on the relationship between subjective and objective memory in adults with pharmacoresistant temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Many adults with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) report subjective cognitive impairment; however, prior studies have shown a discrepancy between these subjective complaints and objective cognitive deficits on neuropsychological measures. Mood disorders/symptoms are also common in TLE and have been linked to greater subjective cognitive difficulties. To further understand these relationships, this retrospective study sought to determine if symptoms of depression and anxiety moderate or mediate the relationship between subjective cognitive impairment and objective cognitive performance in adults with TLE. Method: Participants were 345 adults (mean age = 40.7; 55 % female) with pharmacoresistant TLE who completed self-report screening measures of depression, anxiety, and subjective cognitive function along with objective memory measures as part of a pre-surgical clinical neuropsychological evaluation. A series of linear regression analyses was conducted to examine the potential moderating and mediating effects of mood on the relationship between subjective and objective memory function after adjusting for relevant covariates. Results: Consistent with existing literature, self-reported depression and anxiety symptoms were significantly correlated with subjective memory difficulties across all scales (all p < .001). Subjective memory impairment was also significantly correlated with objective memory performance on neuropsychological measures, albeit with small effect sizes (estimate range 0.04-0.20). Contrary to our hypothesis, depression and anxiety did not moderate or mediate the relationship between subjective memory complaints and objective memory performance. Conclusions: While symptoms of depression and anxiety were associated with subjective memory ability in this cohort of adults with TLE, this study suggests that mood symptoms do not fully explain the relationship between subjective and objective memory function, likely reflecting the complex and multifactorial relationships among these variables. Nevertheless, our results highlight the importance of screening for depression and anxiety symptoms and assessing patients' subjective memory complaints as part of a neuropsychological evaluation as each of these factors tap into a different aspect of the patient functioning. ER  - 
The influence of concomitant antidepressant and antipsychotic medication on antidepressant effect and seizure duration of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: A significant proportion of patients with a depressive disorder show resistance to pharmacological and psychotherapeutic antidepressant treatments. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is still one of the most effective treatment methods, especially in the acute phase. In everyday clinical practice, this usually accompanies pharmacological treatment. It has been shown that pharmacological treatment following acute ECT treatment reduces the rate of relapses. However, the effect of various antidepressants (ADs) and antipsychotics (APs) on the effect during the course of ECT has rarely been investigated Methods: In this retrospective chart review study, the data of 104 depressive patients treated with ECT were examined. We analyzed the influence of concomitant administration of AD and AP or no psychotropic medication on the effect of ECT using the Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). We further analyzed the influence of the ADs Bupropion, Venlafaxine, and Sertraline or no AD and the influence of augmentation with Aripiprazole or Quetiapine or Olanzapine. Results/discussion: Psychotropic medication did not have an impact on antidepressant efficacy of ECT as measured with the MADRS scores. In addition, the comparison between the antidepressant or antipsychotic medications themselves did not show any significant difference. However, we found a significantly different seizure duration depending on the antidepressant substance that patients received during ECT (p =.008). ECT treatment itself led to a highly significant reduction of 13.3 points in the MADRS (p <.001). Conclusion: Taken together, our study underlines that concomitant psychotropic medication while doing electroconvulsive therapy does not bare the risk of prolonged seizure duration or does it reduce the effectiveness of ECT. To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first to examine the effect of treatment with antidepressants in combination with antipsychotics while doing ECT. In light of our results, this combination therapy is safe and effective. Bearing in mind the delay in onset of antidepressant action of medication and the importance of antidepressant medication for relapse prevention, this study further supports the recommendation that psychotropic medication should be given in adjunction to ECT. ER  - 
The effect of sleep disorders on quality of life in patients with epilepsy: A multicenter study from Turkey$$$ Objective: We aimed to investigate sleep disorders in patients with epilepsy (PWE) and to investigate the effects of sleep disorders on quality of life. Methods: In our multicenter study conducted in Turkey, 1358 PWE were evaluated. The demographic and clinical data of the patients were recorded. The Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-10 (QOLIE-10) were administered. Results: The mean age of 1358 patients was 35.92 ± 14.11 (range, 18–89) years. Seven hundred fifty-one (55.30 %) were women. Some 12.7 % of the patients had insomnia (ISI > 14), 9.6 % had excessive daytime sleepiness (ESS > 10), 46.5 % had poor sleep quality (PSQI > 5), and 354 patients (26.1 %) had depressive symptoms (BDI > 16). The mean QOLIE-10 score was 22.82 ± 8.14 (10–48). Resistant epilepsy was evaluated as the parameter with the highest risk affecting quality of life Adjusted odds ratio (AOR = 3.714; 95 % confidence interval (CI): [2.440–5.652] < 0.001)). ISI (AOR = 1.184; 95 % CI: [1.128–1.243]; p < 0.001), ESS (AOR = 1.081; 95 % CI: [1.034–1.130]; p < 0.001), PSQI (AOR = 0.928; 95 % CI: [0.867 – 0.994]; p = 0.034), BDI (AOR = 1.106; 95 % CI: [1.084–1.129]; p < 0.001), epilepsy duration (AOR = 1.023; 95 % CI: [1.004–1.041]; p = 0.014), were determined as factors affecting quality of life. Significance: Sleep disorders are common in PWE and impair their quality of life. Quality of life can be improved by controlling the factors that may cause sleep disorders such as good seizure control, avoiding polypharmacy, and correcting the underlying mood disorders in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Adverse events related to drug–drug interactions in COVID-19 patients. A persistent concern in the post-pandemic era: a systematic review$$$ Introduction: Since COVID-19 patients are often polytreated, monitoring drug–drug interaction (DDIs) is necessary. We evaluated whether drugs used after the second COVID-19 pandemic wave were associated with DDI-related adverse events and the role of drug interaction checkers in identifying them. Methods: The study (PROSPERO-ID: CRD42024507634) included: 1) consulting the drug interaction checkers Drugs.com, Liverpool COVID-19 Interactions, LexiComp, Medscape, and Micromedex; 2) systematic review; 3) reviewed studies analysis; 4) evaluating drug interaction checkers potential to anticipate DDI-related adverse events. The systematic review was performed searching PubMed, Scopus, ScienceDirect, and Cochrane databases from 1 March 2022 to 11 November 2023. Observational studies, and clinical trials were included. Article without reporting direct association between DDIs and adverse events were excluded. The risk of bias was assessed by Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Results: The most frequent DDIs involved nirmatrelvir/ritonavir (N/R) and fluvoxamine. Fifteen studies, including 150 patients and 35 DDI-related outcomes, were analyzed. The most frequent DDIs involved tacrolimus with N/R, resulting in creatinine increase. Eighty percent of reported DDI-related adverse events would have been identified by all drug-interaction checkers, while the remaining 20% by at least 2 of them. Conclusions: Drug interaction checkers are useful but show inconsistencies. Multiple sources are needed to tailor treatment in the context of COVID-19. ER  - 
Somatic and mental health among older patients in opioid agonist therapy: a cross-sectional geriatric assessment study$$$ Background: Opioid-dependent persons age prematurely. However, studies comprehensively assessing the health of older patients in opioid agonist therapy (OAT) are lacking. Aim: This study aims to characterise the ageing opioid-dependent population in Switzerland through a comprehensive geriatric assessment of physical and mental health conditions in a convenience sample of older patients in OAT. Methods: We performed a comprehensive geriatric assessment of physical and mental health conditions in 61 OAT patients aged ≥ 49 years in Basel, Switzerland. The evaluation comprised medical anamnesis, substance use (self-report and urinalysis), health-related quality of life (HRQOL), medical chart review and clinical examination, including spirometry, functional diagnostics, and blood testing. Data on HRQOL was compared with the general German-speaking Swiss population. Results: The assessment yielded a high prevalence of somatic (72.2% according to self-report, 83.6% according to medical chart review) and mental conditions (60.0% according to self-report, 77.0% according to medical chart review), which participants were frequently unaware of. Geriatric symptoms, concurrent substance use, and polypharmacy were highly prevalent. The geriatric assessment identified previously unknown health problems and led to further diagnostic or therapeutic measures in 73% of cases. HRQOL was significantly lower compared to both age-matched and geriatric reference groups. Conclusions: Age-related health conditions are overly common but frequently overlooked in patients receiving OAT. Regular assessments and integrative approaches to geriatric and addiction care could improve the identification and treatment of age-related conditions. Recent geriatric symptoms and HRQOL should be considered an endpoint when evaluating the treatment of older OAT patients. ER  - 
Estimating life expectancy and years of life lost for autistic people in the UK: a matched cohort study$$$ Background: Previous research has shown that people who have been diagnosed autistic are more likely to die prematurely than the general population. However, statistics on premature mortality in autistic people have often been misinterpreted. In this study we aimed to estimate the life expectancy and years of life lost experienced by autistic people living in the UK. Methods: We studied people in the IQVIA Medical Research Database with an autism diagnosis between January 1, 1989 and January 16, 2019. For each participant diagnosed autistic, we included ten comparison participants without an autism diagnosis, matched by age, sex, and primary care practice. We calculated age- and sex-standardised mortality ratios comparing people diagnosed autistic to the reference group. We used Poisson regression to estimate age-specific mortality rates, and life tables to estimate life expectancy at age 18 and years of life lost. We analysed the data separately by sex, and for people with and without a record of intellectual disability. We discuss the findings in the light of the prevalence of recorded diagnosis of autism in primary care compared to community estimates. Findings: From a cohort of nearly 10 million people, we identified 17,130 participants diagnosed autistic without an intellectual disability (matched with 171,300 comparison participants), and 6450 participants diagnosed autistic with an intellectual disability (matched with 64,500 comparison participants). The apparent estimates indicated that people diagnosed with autism but not intellectual disability had 1.71 (95% CI: 1.39–2.11) times the mortality rate of people without these diagnoses. People diagnosed with autism and intellectual disability had 2.83 (95% CI: 2.33–3.43) times the mortality rate of people without these diagnoses. Likewise, the apparent reduction in life expectancy for people diagnosed with autism but not intellectual disability was 6.14 years (95% CI: 2.84–9.07) for men and 6.45 years (95% CI: 1.37–11.58 years) for women. The apparent reduction in life expectancy for people diagnosed with autism and intellectual disability was 7.28 years (95% CI: 3.78–10.27) for men and 14.59 years (95% CI: 9.45–19.02 years) for women. However, these findings are likely to be subject to exposure misclassification biases: very few autistic adults and older-adults have been diagnosed, meaning that we could only study a fraction of the total autistic population. Those who have been diagnosed may well be those with greater support needs and more co-occurring health conditions than autistic people on average. Interpretation: The findings indicate that there is a group of autistic people who experience premature mortality, which is of significant concern. There is an urgent need for investigation into the reasons behind this. However, our estimates suggest that the widely reported statistic that autistic people live 16-years less on average is likely incorrect. Nine out of 10 autistic people may have been undiagnosed across the time-period studied. Hence, the results of our study do not generalise to all autistic people. Diagnosed autistic adults, and particularly older adults, are likely those with greater-than-average support needs. Therefore, we may have over-estimated the reduction in life expectancy experienced by autistic people on average. The larger reduction in life expectancy for women diagnosed with autism and intellectual disability vs. men may in part reflect disproportionate underdiagnosis of autism and/or intellectual disability in women. Funding: Dunhill Medical Trust,?>Medical Research Council, National Institute for Health and Care Research, and the Royal College of Psychiatrists. ER  - 
Impact of social media “challenges” on poison center case volume for intentional ingestions among school-aged children: an observational study$$$ Introduction: Mental health problems among youth have escalated over the past decade, with increased rates of self-harm, including suicide attempts by ingestion. Social media use has been linked to youth mental health, including “challenges” urging youth to ingest substances for recreational and other purposes. We hypothesized that social media challenges for particular substances would temporally correspond with increased ingestions of these substances. Methods: We identified peak Google Trends search times for social media ingestion challenges involving diphenhydramine, laundry pods, nutmeg, and cinnamon, and used data from America’s Poison Centers National Poison Data System to plot reported ingestions 3 months before and after peak searches in school-aged children. Results: There were 2,169 individuals in the analysis. Diphenhydramine was the most frequently reported ingestion for misuse/abuse and suicidal purposes (n = 266 and 1,609, respectively). For all ingestions together, 45 percent (n = 979) had a moderate health effect, and 6.35 percent (n = 137) had a major health effect. Time of peak searches corresponded with increased ingestions for each substance. Discussion: We found a temporal relationship between peak Google Trends searches for ingestion challenges and ingestions of that substance reported to United States poison centers. Compared to misuse/abuse ingestions, most suicidal ingestions peaked 1–2 months later, suggesting a public health opportunity for intervention. Limitations: This retrospective observational study does not establish causal effect. All data are a result of self-reporting of the exposures, which may lead to a reporting bias. Google Trends is not the only search engine and likely underestimates the true incidence of social media posts. Conclusions: Additional research is needed on the relationship between social media and youth mental health, particularly around “challenges” that place youths’ health at risk. There may be opportunities for intervention to decrease medical and mental health sequelae of these challenges. ER  - 
Analysis of Risk Factors and Clinical Presentation of Acute Symptomatic Seizures in Adults$$$ Background: A seizure is a sudden episode resulting from abnormal, excessive, or unsynchronized neuronal activity in the brain. Seizures can be classified as either acute symptomatic or unprovoked. Misclassifying acute symptomatic seizures as unprovoked is common due to similar age distribution and occurrence rates. Correct classification and identification of the underlying cause are vital because they influence therapeutic management, the risk of developing epilepsy, and mortality rates. Methods: This study included patients admitted to wards or presenting at casualty/OPD in Govt Medical College and Hospital, Wanaparthy, Telangana State with initial onset seizures, adhering to specific inclusion and exclusion criteria. Participants' demographic, social, and medical information was documented on a proforma sheet. Patients underwent neuroimaging studies, EEG, and other essential blood tests. In all instances, the type of seizure was categorized according to the ILAE Classification of 2017. Results: A total of 50 cases of new adult-onset seizures were reported in the duration of the study. Seizures were noted across a range of ages, peaking between 41 and 60 years with a slight male predominance. General-ized seizures were reported in 94% of cases and focal seizures in 4% of cases. Neurological causes like cerebral venous thrombosis and stroke were found in 56% of cases, while non-neurological factors like alcohol with-drawal accounted for 30%. The cause remained unidentified in 14% of cases. Conclusion: Accurate diagnosis and proper management are crucial to prevent future seizures and improve patients' quality of life. By taking a detailed medical history, conducting a thorough clinical examination, and utilizing available diagnostic tools, we can effectively determine the underlying cause and tailor treatment accordingly. This comprehensive approach can significantly reduce the morbidity and mortality associated with epilepsy. ER  - 
SCREEN EXPOSURE TIME AND ITS IMPACT ON BEHAVIORAL HEALTH IN CHILDREN$$$ Background: Screen exposure is increasing among children nowadays. The cognitive and emotional development is not fully mature in young children. Violent and mature content can lead to aggressive behavior and psychological disturbances in children. This study aimed to analyze the association between screen exposure time and behavioral health of 6 – 10-year-old children using Strength and Difficulties questionnaire. Material and Methods: This cross-sectional study was done in 400 children attending paediatric OPD. Data was collected from parents regarding screen time during weekdays and weekends. The average screen time was calculated and children were categorized in two groups as those with < 2 hours and those with > 2 hours of screen time. The cut-off of 2 hours was based on IAP screen time and digital wellness guidelines for children more than 5 years. Behavioral health was assessed using Strength and Difficulties score (SDQ) questionnaire completed by parents. Children were categorized as four bands viz. close to average, slightly raised, high, very high. The association between screen exposure time and SDQ scores were analyzed. Results: 172 (43%) of children had screen exposure more than 2 hours. 13% of children had abnormal scores (high and very high band) in SDQ. Children with screen exposure time of more than 2 hours had 3.46 times higher odds of having very high SDQ scores (OR 3.46, 95% CI 1.07 – 11.21, p = 0.03). The association of excessive screen time with very high scores was significant. Conclusion: Screen exposure time was more than the recommended time limit in most of the children. Children with higher screen time > 2 hours had high SDQ scores indicating poor behavioral health. ER  - 
Assessing the Incidence Rate of Neuropsychiatric Adverse Effects in Older Adults Following Levetiracetam Initiation: A Retrospective Study$$$ Background: Levetiracetam (LEV) is commonly prescribed for epilepsy management. However, neuropsychiatric disorders (NPDs) are concerning adverse effects that may result in medication discontinuation. This study aims to examine the incidence and factors influencing LEV associated NPDs in adult patients aged 50 years and above. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted on patients aged 50 years and above prescribed LEV between 2010 and 2020, with at least one follow-up appointment six months post-treatment initiation. The incidence of new-onset or aggravated NPDs and variables potentially influencing this risk were examined. Independent t-test, chi-squared, and Fisher’s exact test were used, in addition to univariate and multivariate logistic regression. Results: The study included 100 patients with a mean age at LEV start of 63.31 years (SD = 16.48). Neuropsychiatric symptoms were observed in 6 (6.0%) patients. Factors associated with new-onset NPDs were younger age at epilepsy diagnosis (p=0.005), younger age at LEV start (p=0.004), and concurrent use of Carbamazepine/Oxcarbazepine (p=0.004). On multivariate analysis, only the association with Carbamazepine/Oxcarbazepine remained significant (OR 14.62, 95% CI 1.86–114.70, p=0.011). Conclusion: The findings indicate that the incidence of NPDs in elderly patients is relatively low (6%). Further research with larger samples is needed in comparison with a younger sample as a control group to confirm these findings. ER  - 
Variable arachnoid cyst presentations in variable age groups$$$ a comparative single center study; Introduction. Arachnoid cysts are an intracranial spaces that are filled with cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and lined with arachnoid membranes. They may be asymptomatic or present with focal epilepsy, headache and other neurological symptoms. Purpose. This study shows the different presentation of brain arachnoid cysts in relation to their locations in variable age groups. Methods. This is a retrospective analytic cohort comparative study that enrolled 168 patients was done in the Middle Euphrates Neuroscience Center and Al-Sadder Medical City, from the first of February 2020 to the first of February 2023. The collected data of patients include patient’s age, gender, presentation, location of the cyst in the brain and its dimension. Each patient was assessed a full general and neurological examination. The data were analysed according to presentation and location of cyst in the brain via MRI. Results. The mean age of group one is 10 years (4-18 years) and for group two is 35 years (19-70 years). Regarding the gender, the male gender was more in group one, while the female gender was more in group two than in group one. Regarding the presentation, the most common presentation is focal epilepsy in about 47.61% in both groups and more in group one (about 68.11%). Regarding the MRI location of arachnoid cyst, the most common site was the temporal lobe. The overall percentage of arachnoid cyst is 57.14% in temporal lobe and 13.09% in occipital lobe in total patients Conclusion. The arachnoid cysts of brain are variable in both their presentations and their locations in different ages. The most common presentation is focal epilepsy in patient 18 years old and less, while the headache in patient older than 18 years. The most common site of cyst is temporal lobe. ER  - 
Research progress in the treatment of chronic fatigue syndrome through interventions targeting the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis$$$ Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) causes great harm to individuals and society. Elucidating the pathogenesis of CFS and developing safe and effective treatments are urgently needed. This paper reviews the functional changes in the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis in patients with CFS and the associated neuroendocrine mechanisms. Despite some controversy, the current mainstream research evidence indicates that CFS patients have mild hypocortisolism, weakened daily variation in cortisol, a weakened response to the HPA axis, and an increase in negative feedback of the HPA axis. The relationship between dysfunction of the HPA axis and the typical symptoms of CFS are discussed, and the current treatment methods are reviewed. ER  - 
Neuromuscular diseases and long-term ventilation$$$ The landscape of neuromuscular disease (NMD) is changing: new disease-modifying therapies including gene therapy are now in clinical use, with many more in development. There is a case for cautious optimism, with the real expectation that more patients are going to survive and be transitioned to adult services. New “treated” phenotypes are likely to emerge and long-term outcomes are still unknown. In this chapter, we highlight some of the latest clinical developments in NMD, particularly focusing on spinal muscular atrophy as it has seen some of the most rapid changes in the past few years. We also highlight the unique aspects of transition in NMD and long-term ventilation patients, and emphasise the importance of a multidisciplinary approach in this process. ER  - 
EEG and MRI Abnormalities in Patients with Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures$$$ Objective:To compare the rate of EEG and MRI abnormalities in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) patients with and without suspected epilepsy. Patients were also compared in terms of their demographic and clinical profiles.Methods:A retrospective analysis of 271 newly diagnosed PNES patients admitted to the epilepsy monitoring unit between May 2000 and April 2008, with follow-up clinical data collected until September 2015.Results:One hundred ninety-four patients were determined to have PNES alone, 16 PNES plus possible epilepsy, 14 PNES plus probable epilepsy, and 47 PNES plus confirmed epilepsy. Fifty-seven of the 77 patients (74.0%) with possible, probable, or definite epilepsy exhibited epileptiform activity on EEG, versus only 16 of the 194 patients (8.2%) in whom epilepsy was excluded. Twenty-four of these 194 patients (12.4%) had MRI abnormalities. Three of 38 patients (7.9%) with both EEG and MRI abnormalities were confirmed not to have epilepsy. In PNES patients with EEG or MRI abnormalities compared with those without, patients with abnormalities were more likely to have epilepsy risk factors, such as central nervous system structural abnormalities, and less likely to report minor head trauma. The presence of EEG abnormalities in PNES-only patients did not influence antiseizure medication reduction, whereas those with MRI abnormalities were less likely to have their antiseizure medications reduced.Conclusions:Psychogenic nonepileptic seizure patients without MRI or EEG abnormalities are less likely to have associated epilepsy, risk factors for epilepsy, and had different demographic profiles. There is a higher-than-expected level of EEG and MRI abnormalities in PNES patients without epilepsy. ER  - 
A CLINICAL STUDY ON COMPARISON BETWEEN PHENYLEPHRINE AND MEPHENTERMINE FOR CORRECTING HYPOTENSION FOLLOWING SPINAL ANAESTHESIA IN LOWER SEGMENT CAESEREAN SECTION$$$ Background: The aim of the study is to compare the effectiveness of phenylephrine and mephentermine in treating hypotension following spinal anaesthesia. Materials & Methods: This study was conducted at Government Medical College, Nandyala. The Study period was one year. Study population were 60 patients undergoing elective and emergency lower segment cesarean section. After obtaining Institutional Ethical Committee approval, written consent were obtained from all patients included in the study. Results: In the present study, age between Groups by Unpaired t-test were t-value=1.272, p-value=0.208>0.05 which shows no statistical significant difference between Age and Groups. SLA between Groups by Pearson’s chi-squared test. which shows no statistical significant association between SLA at 2 Mins and Groups. In comparison between APGAR at 1 Min with Groups were X2=3.068, p=0.080>0.05 which shows no statistical significant association. between APGR at 1 Min and Groups. Similarly, in comparison between APGAR at 5 Mins with Groups were X2=0.741, p=0.671>0.05 which shows no statistical significant association between APGAR at 5 Mins and Groups. Side effects between Groups by Pearson’s chi-squared test were X2=1.019, p=0.797>0.05 which shows no statistical significant association between Side effects and Groups. Systolic Blood Pressure between Groups by Unpaired t-test were all the time durations of Systolic Blood Pressure with Groups shows no statistical significant difference at p > 0.05 level. Diastolic Blood Pressure between Groups by Unpaired t-test were all the time durations of Diastolic Blood Pressure with Groups shows no statistical significant difference at p > 0.05 level whereas in comparison of Diastolic Blood Pressure at Baseline with Groups were t-value=2.314, p-value=0.024<0.05 which shows statistical significant difference at p < 0.05 level. SPO2 between Groups by Unpaired t-test were all the time durations of SPO2 with Groups shows no statistical significant difference at p> 0.05 level whereas in comparison of SPO2 at 2 mins with Groups were t-value=2.408, p-value=0.023<0.05 which shows statistical significant difference at p < 0.05 level. Heart Rate between Groups by Unpaired t-test were all the time durations of Heart Rate with Groups shows no statistical significant difference at p > 0.05 level whereas in comparison of time durations of Heart Rate at 10 Mins (t-value=3.544, p-value=0.001<0.01), 15 Mins (t-value=3.469,p-value=0.001<0.01), 20 Mins (t-value=2.819,p-value=0.007<0.01), 30 Mins (t-value=3.273,p-value=0.002<0.01) with Groups shows highly statistical significant difference at p < 0.01 level.Conclusion: In conclusion, we found that both vasopressors namely Mephentermine and Phenylephrine are effective in IV bolus form in maintenance of maternal arterial pressure within 20% limit of baseline values. ER  - 
Case report: Transition from anti-CD20 therapy to inebilizumab for 14 cases of neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder$$$ Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) is a rare autoimmune disorder of the central nervous system characterized by recurrent, disabling attacks that affect the optic nerve, spinal cord, and brain/brainstem. While rituximab, targeting CD20-positive B-cells, is used as an off-label therapy for NMOSD, some patients continue to exhibit breakthrough attacks and/or adverse reactions. Inebilizumab, a humanized and glycoengineered monoclonal antibody targeting CD19-positive B-cells, has been FDA approved for the treatment of NMOSD in adult patients who are anti-aquaporin-4 (AQP4) antibody positive. Given the limited real-world data on the efficacy and safety of inebilizumab, especially in those transitioning from rituximab, a retrospective chart review was conducted on 14 NMOSD patients from seven centers. Of these, 71.4% (n = 10) experienced a combined 17 attacks during rituximab treatment, attributed to either breakthrough disease (n = 10) or treatment delay (n = 7). The mean duration of rituximab treatment was 38.4 months (3.2 years). Notably, no subsequent attacks were observed during inebilizumab treatment [mean duration of inebilizumab treatment was 19.3 months (1.6 years)], underscoring its potential as an effective treatment for NMOSD. Our data suggest that inebilizumab provides clinical benefit with effective disease control and a favorable safety profile for patients transitioning from rituximab. ER  - 
Prevalence of psychiatric and physical comorbidities in patients diagnosed with opioid use disorder (OUD) in Lanarkshire, Scotland. 2018-2019: cross-sectional study$$$ Background. Substance use disorder (SUD) is a medical disorder in which patients chronically use, misuse, or become dependent on different substances. When the substance used is an opioid, this can be classed as opioid use disorder (OUD). Several studies have been conducted to raise information about psychiatric and physical comorbidities in OUD patients. Information regarding the prevalence of comorbidities in patients with OUD in the UK is limited. This study aims to describe overall patients' characteristics and estimate the prevalence of physical and psychiatric comorbidities according to the patient's gender and age. Methods. The study uses data from the community addition team in NHS Lanarkshire, Scotland. Results. Five hundred twenty-one patients prescribed Opioid Agonist Treatments (OAT) such as methadone or buprenorphine participated. The majority of the sample were male patients (60.8%). The average age was 42.7 years. The psychiatric disorders presented as 38.2% (108 cases) in the sample. Regarding the physical disorders, the most common were respiratory disorders (21.9%, 62 cases) and cardiovascular disorders (8.5%, 24 cases). With respect to patient age, the total disorders were more prevalent in the older age group (40 yrs +) (61.5%), as predicted, rather than the younger age group (20 – 39 years) (49.2%) (p-value < 0.0001). Conclusions. This study highlights the prevalence and importance of diagnosing and treating these comorbidities in this population. Future research is needed to understand better the factors associated with OUD and these comorbidities. ER  - 
Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome post stem cell transplantation in sickle cell disease: case series and literature review$$$ Introduction: Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) is a serious neurological syndrome that may develop following immunosuppressive therapy for stem cell transplantation (SCT). We report 8 patients with sickle cell disease (SCD) who developed PRES, which is likely to be related to immunosuppression. Methods: This is retrospective cohort analysis of the SCD registry at the King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Center (KFSHRC) in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Inclusion criteria included all adults SCD patients who underwent SCT from 2011 until 2022. We explored all cases of PRES in patients with SCT. PRES was diagnosed with MRI imaging showing reversible vasogenic cerebral edema associated with neurological symptoms including severe headache, seizures, encephalopathy, delirium, and visual disturbances. Results: During ten years follow-up (2011–2022) we found 8 patients with PRES (age range between 14 to 37 years at diagnosis) PRES occurred 8 to 124 days following SCT in 7 cases and one patient developed PRES 8 months prior to SCT. All patients were on immunosuppressive medications, including tacrolimus, cyclosporine, sirolimus and or mycophenolate mofetil. Headache, seizures, visual hallucinations, confusion, and drowsiness were the most common presenting symptoms. MRI showed abnormalities in the occipital, parietal and frontal lobes in most cases. Recovery was complete in all patients and no recurrences were noted. Two patients had graft versus host disease (GVHD). We compared risk factors for PRES among the 8 cases and 136 SCT in SCD patients who did not develop PRES. There was a significant association between PRES and imaging abnormalities, including previous bi-hemispheric infarctions (p = 0.001), and cerebral microbleeds (CBMs). PRES was strongly associated with presence (p = 0.006), size (p = 0.016) and number (p = 0.005) of CMBs. Conclusion: PRES can develop days to weeks following SCT in patients with SCD, and is associated with immunosuppressive therapy, previous bi-hemispheric infarctions and CMB. Prompt recognition and intervention leads to good recovery. ER  - 
The psychedelic call: analysis of Australian Poisons Information Centre calls associated with classic psychedelics$$$ Introduction: The global use of certain classical psychedelics has increased in recent years, but little is known about their spectrum of toxicity within Australia. We aim to describe calls to New South Wales Poisons Information Centre relating to exposures to classical psychedelics including lysergic acid diethylamide, psilocybin, N,N-dimethyltryptamine, ayahuasca, mescaline and ibogaine. Methods: This is a retrospective observational study of calls to New South Wales Poisons Information Centre between January 2014 and December 2022. We identified exposures to classical psychedelics within New South Wales Poisons Information Centre database and measured the annual number of exposures, source of call (hospital, health care worker, member of the public), co-ingested substances, clinical features and advice given. Results: There were 737 calls related to relevant psychedelic exposures; 352 (47.8 per cent) to lysergic acid diethylamide, 347 (47.0 per cent) to psilocybin, 28 (3.8 per cent) to N,N-dimethyltryptamine, 4 (0.5 per cent) to ayahuasca, 4 (0.5 per cent) to mescaline and 2 (0.3 per cent) to ibogaine. Cases were predominantly male (77.2 per cent) and aged between 20 and 74 years (65.6 per cent). Psychedelic calls more than doubled from 45 in 2014 to 105 in 2022 and 625 (85 per cent) of all calls were either from or referred to hospital. Co-ingestion of psychedelics with another substance occurred in 249 (33.8 per cent) of calls and the most frequent clinical features related to single substance psychedelic exposures were hallucinations (27.6 per cent), gastrointestinal symptoms (21.7 per cent) and tachycardia (18.1 per cent). Seizures occurred in 2.9 per cent of single substance psychedelic exposures. Discussion: Increasing incidence of psychedelic exposure calls, including those reporting significant toxicity, likely reflects increasing community use. This may in part be driven by increasing interest in psychedelic assisted psychotherapy trials subsequently increasing public awareness. Conclusion: Relatively high poisoning severity contrasts with safety within clinical trials of psychedelic assisted psychotherapy that may relate to the uncontrolled nature of community use which is mitigated within clinical trial environments. Education about safe use may be useful. ER  - 
Expanding the clinical spectrum of anti-DPPX encephalitis: a multicenter retrospective study$$$ Objective: Anti-dipeptidyl-peptidase-like protein-6 (DPPX) encephalitis is a rare autoimmune encephalitis, and clinical and experimental information regarding this disease is limited. We conducted this study to comprehensively describe the clinical characteristics, ancillary test results, neuroimaging results, and treatment response in a group of Chinese patients with anti-DPPX encephalitis for better understanding this disease. Methods: We recruited 14 patients who tested positive for anti-DPPX antibodies in the serum and/or cerebrospinal fluid from 11 medical centers between March 2021 and June 2023. This retrospective study evaluated data on symptoms, autoantibody test, auxiliary examinations, treatments, and outcomes. Results: The average age at diagnosis was 45.93 ± 4.62 years (range: 11–72 years), and 9 of the 14 patients were males. The main symptoms included cognitive impairment (50.0%, 7/14), central nervous system hyperexcitability (42.9%, 6/14), gastrointestinal dysfunction (35.7%, 5/14), and psychiatric disorders (35.7%, 5/14). Notably, we discovered specific findings on 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron-emission tomography (PET)/magnetic resonance imaging in two patients. Co-existing autoantibodies were identified in two patients. Parainfection was identified in four patients. One patient had other autoimmune diseases, and one had tumor. Eleven patients received immunotherapy and most patients improved at discharge. Surprisingly, three male patients but no female patients relapsed during the 6 months of follow-up. Conclusion: The development and outcome of anti-DPPX encephalitis are variable. Male patients were predominant in our cohort. The most common symptoms were the classical triad of prodromal gastrointestinal dysfunction, cognitive and mental disorders, and central nervous system hyperexcitability. Infections, immune dysregulation, and tumors may be important etiologies. Long-term monitoring of disease development should be done in male patients. Overall, our results highlight novel clinical characteristics of anti-DPPX encephalitis. ER  - 
Rationale and design of a double-blinded, randomized placebo-controlled trial of 40 Hz light neurostimulation therapy for depression (FELIX)$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a debilitating condition that affects more than 300 million people worldwide. Current treatments are based on a trial-and-error approach, and reliable biomarkers are needed for more informed and personalized treatment solutions. One of the potential biomarkers, gamma-frequency (30–80 Hz) brainwaves, are hypothesized to originate from the excitatory-inhibitory interaction between the pyramidal cells and interneurons. The imbalance between this interaction is described as a crucial pathological mechanism in neuropsychiatric conditions, including MDD, and the modulation of this pathological interaction has been investigated as a potential target. Previous studies attempted to induce gamma activity in the brain using rhythmic light and sound stimuli (GENUS–Gamma Entrainment Using Sensory stimuli) that resulted in neuroprotective effects in Alzheimer’s disease (AD) patients and animal models. Here, we investigate the antidepressant, cognitive, and electrophysiological effects of the novel light therapy approach using 40 Hz masked flickering light for patients diagnosed with MDD. Methods and design: Sixty patients with a current diagnosis of a major depressive episode will be enrolled in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial. The active treatment group will receive 40 Hz masked flickering light stimulation while the control group will receive continuous light matched in color temperature and brightness. Patients in both groups will get daily light treatment in their own homes and will attend four follow-up visits to assess the symptoms of depression, including depression severity measured by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D17), cognitive function, quality of life and sleep, and electroencephalographic changes. The primary endpoint is the mean change from baseline to week 6 in depression severity (HAM-D6 subscale) between the groups. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of transcranial pulse stimulation in young adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a pilot, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: This is the first study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among young adolescents in Hong Kong. Methods: This double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial included a TPS group and a sham TPS group, encompassing a total of 30 subjects aged 12–17 years who were diagnosed with ADHD. Baseline measurements SNAP-IV, ADHD RS-IV, CGI and executive functions (Stroop tests, Digit Span) and post-TPS evaluation were collected. Both groups were assessed at baseline, immediately after intervention, and at 1-month and 3-month follow-ups. Repeated-measures ANOVAs were used to analyze data. Results: The TPS group exhibited a 30% reduction in the mean SNAP-IV score at postintervention that was maintained at 1- and 3-month follow-ups. Conclusion: TPS is an effective and safe adjunct treatment for the clinical management of ADHD. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.Gov, identifier NCT05422274. ER  - 
EPITRANS. Quality assessment of the epilepsy transition process$$$ Objective: To analyze the differences in clinical management during the epilepsy transition process from pediatric to adult care and to determine the quality of life and degree of satisfaction of patients and caregivers during the transition. Methods: This is a longitudinal study including patients with epilepsy transferred from pediatric to adult epilepsy care between 2013 and 2017. Patients had a minimum follow-up of 3 years before the transition visit and at least 3 years consulting in the adults section. Clinical characteristics were retrieved from the medical chart. Quality of life and satisfaction questionnaires were administered by online access to patients and caregivers at the end of the adult follow-up period. Results: 99 patients (50.5 % women, mean transition age 16.5 ± 1 years old) were included. Before the transition visit, 90 % of patients received a transition discussion and 88 % had a formal clinical report. In the pediatric period, patients were visited more frequently, had more EEGs and genetic studies, and were seen by the same neuropediatrician (P<0.05). In the adult period, patients underwent a larger number of prolonged video EEGs and were prescribed polytherapy more often (P<0.05). Quality of life remained steady during the entire transition, but satisfaction with the care received was significantly higher during the pediatric period. Conclusions: Significant differences were seen in epilepsy care during transition from pediatric to adult management, and this had an impact on the degree of satisfaction reported by patients and caregivers. Our results provide evidence of the potential value of development and early implementation of a protocolled transition program. ER  - 
Machine learning algorithms to the early diagnosis of fetal alcohol spectrum disorders$$$ Introduction: Fetal alcohol spectrum disorders include a variety of physical and neurocognitive disorders caused by prenatal alcohol exposure. Although their overall prevalence is around 0.77%, FASD remains underdiagnosed and little known, partly due to the complexity of their diagnosis, which shares some symptoms with other pathologies such as autism spectrum, depression or hyperactivity disorders. Methods: This study included 73 control and 158 patients diagnosed with FASD. Variables selected were based on IOM classification from 2016, including sociodemographic, clinical, and psychological characteristics. Statistical analysis included Kruskal-Wallis test for quantitative factors, Chi-square test for qualitative variables, and Machine Learning (ML) algorithms for predictions. Results: This study explores the application ML in diagnosing FASD and its subtypes: Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS), partial FAS (pFAS), and Alcohol-Related Neurodevelopmental Disorder (ARND). ML constructed a profile for FASD based on socio-demographic, clinical, and psychological data from children with FASD compared to a control group. Random Forest (RF) model was the most efficient for predicting FASD, achieving the highest metrics in accuracy (0.92), precision (0.96), sensitivity (0.92), F1 Score (0.94), specificity (0.92), and AUC (0.92). For FAS, XGBoost model obtained the highest accuracy (0.94), precision (0.91), sensitivity (0.91), F1 Score (0.91), specificity (0.96), and AUC (0.93). In the case of pFAS, RF model showed its effectiveness, with high levels of accuracy (0.90), precision (0.86), sensitivity (0.96), F1 Score (0.91), specificity (0.83), and AUC (0.90). For ARND, RF model obtained the best levels of accuracy (0.87), precision (0.76), sensitivity (0.93), F1 Score (0.84), specificity (0.83), and AUC (0.88). Our study identified key variables for efficient FASD screening, including traditional clinical characteristics like maternal alcohol consumption, lip-philtrum, microcephaly, height and weight impairment, as well as neuropsychological variables such as the Working Memory Index (WMI), aggressive behavior, IQ, somatic complaints, and depressive problems. Discussion: Our findings emphasize the importance of ML analyses for early diagnoses of FASD, allowing a better understanding of FASD subtypes to potentially improve clinical practice and avoid misdiagnosis. ER  - 
Medical reasons for permanent and temporary disqualification of Turkish civil aviation pilots$$$ The aim of this study was to identify diseases that result in permanent and temporary medical disqualification for civil aviation pilots and their changes over the years. A retrospective analysis was conducted on the medical examination records performed in Turkey from 2018 to 2022, in accordance with ICAO and EASA standards. The permanent disqualification rate was 1.3%, and the temporary disqualification rate was 6.6%. The most common reasons for permanent disqualification among pilots were circulatory system diseases (24%), mental and behavioral disorders (22.9%), and nervous system diseases (11.5%). The most common reasons for temporary disqualification among pilots were circulatory system diseases (17.9%), digestive system diseases (11.8%), and health problems related to COVID-19 infection (9.5%). The data obtained from this study may be useful in developing preventive medicine approaches to prevent medical disqualifications and in-flight medical incapacitation. ER  - 
A Study on the Prevalence of Psychiatric Morbidities in the Last Trimester of Antenatal Mothers$$$ Background: In this study, we wanted to study the prevalence of psychiatric morbidities in the last trimester of antenatal mothers. Methods: This was a hospital based cross sectional study conducted among 60 antenatal mothers in their last trimester-28 to 39 completed weeks, age between 18 to 40yrs, attending antenatal clinic, Velammal Medical College and Hospital, Madurai, Tamil Nadu, over a period of six months after obtaining clearance from institutional ethics committee and written informed consent from the study participants. Results: Multipara had a significantly higher prevalence of Generalised anxiety disorder and Dysthymic disorder and Primipara had a significantly higher prevalence of Depressive disorder. Prevalence of Anxiety and Depressive disorder did not have a significant relationship in the antenatal period with the background of comorbid medical disorders. Prevalence of Psychiatric disorders was high with advancing age of the mother and with unwillingness of pregnancy but did not show relationship with of pregnancy. Significantly high anxiety and depressive symptoms correlated with increasing stressful life events and poorer marital quality. Mothers with previous obstretic and neonatal complications had a significantly higher prevalence of Psychiatric morbidities. Higher Neuroticism scores had significantly poorer quality of marital life. Conclusion: Follow up study is needed to understand the progress of the Psychiatric morbidities into the postpartum period and the obstretic and neonatal outcomes. Also effect of early intervention in patients diagnosed with Psychiatric morbidities and the outcome of such interventions are also needed to be considered in the near future. ER  - 
Suicidal behavior and associated factors among holy water users at Northwest, Ethiopia, 2023: an institution based cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Suicide is a serious cause of mortality that affects families, communities, and the entire country. Because of a lack of national systematic reporting for cause-specific mortality, a high level of stigma, and religious non-acceptance, suicidal behavior is an under-reported and concealed cause of death in the majority of low- and middle-income countries. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of suicidal behavior and associated factors among holy water users at the Andassa Saint George Monastery, 2023. Methods: An institution-based cross-sectional study was conducted at the Andassa Saint George Monastery from 5 April to 5 May 2023. A systematic random sampling method was utilized to select 423 study participants and the Suicidal Behaviors Questionnaire—Revised was used to assess suicidal behavior. The data were gathered using the epicollect5 software with a face-to-face interview method then exported to SPSS-25 for analysis. A binary logistic regression model was used and all variables in a bivariate analysis with a p-value of less than 0.25 were entered into a multivariable logistic regression model, and statistical significance was declared at a p-value of less than 0.05. Results: The prevalence of suicidal behavior among holy water users was 9.7% (95% CI: 7.1–12.4). Being female [2.632 (1.206–5.748)], living alone [2.52 (1.06–5.97)], and having depression [3.03 (1.32–6.99)], epilepsy [3.82 (1.28–11.40)], and diabetes mellitus [3.37 (1.229–9.25)] were significantly associated with suicidal behavior. Conclusion: In this study, almost 1 in 10 had engaged in suicidal behavior in their lifetime. Several risk factors for suicidal behavior were identified, including being female, living alone, and having diabetes mellitus, epilepsy, and depression. ER  - 
Clinical features and surgical outcomes in temporal lobe epilepsy with amygdala enlargement - a single tertiary center study$$$ Objective: To analyze and summarize clinical features and surgical outcomes in temporal lobe epilepsy with amygdala enlargement (TLE-AE) in a single tertiary center. Methods: Patients with TLE-AE admitted to the Neurological Disease Center of Peking University International Hospital from January 2016 to September 2022 were continuously collected. The clinical data of TLE-AE patients were retrospectively analyzed. Results: A total of 19 patients with TLE-AE were included. The average age at onset was (29.0 ± 14.5) years and all patients had focal impairment awareness seizure (FIAS). Ten (52.6%) patients were in line with drug-resistant epilepsy and 8 cases received surgical treatment. Focal temporal interictal epileptiform discharges on scalp electroencephalography were exclusively present ipsilateral to AE in 15 (78.9%) patients. Stereo-electroencephalography analysis found the ictal onset zone involved not only the enlarged amygdala but also the hippocampus in 2 patients. Two patients who responded well to antiseizure medication exhibited AE remission on follow-up MRI. Histopathology of the amygdala showed focal cortical dysplasia (FCD) in 7 patients and ganglioglioma in 1 patient. The 8 surgical patients were followed up for 13-79 months after operation. Six (75.0%) patients achieved Engel class Ia or I outcome, whereas 2 cases did not fully respond to the surgery (Engel class II). Conclusions: Patients with TLE-AE had a later age of seizure onset and FIAS was common. The epileptogenic zone in TLE-AE patients may be located in the enlarged amygdala and ipsilateral hippocampus. AE might be a secondary seizure-induced change in a subset of patients with favorable responses to drugs. As for drug-resistant patients, FCD may be the most common pathological change and surgical treatment could be taken into consideration. ER  - 
Age-specific risk factors of depression among the oldest-old - evidence from the multicenter AgeCoDe-AgeQualiDe study$$$ Purpose: The present study aimed to investigate age-group-specific incidence rates and risk factors for depressive symptoms in the highest age groups. Methods: Data were derived from a prospective multicenter cohort study conducted in primary care – the AgeCoDe/AgeQualiDe study. In total, 2,436 patients 75 years and older were followed from baseline to ninth follow-up. To assess depressive symptoms, the short version of the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS-15, cutoff score 6) was used. Age-specific competing risk regressions were performed to analyze risk factors for incident depressive symptoms in different age groups (75 to 79, 80 to 84, 85+ years), taking into account the accumulated mortality. Results: The age-specific incidence rate of depression was 33 (95% CI 29-38), 46 (95% CI 40-52) and 63 (95% CI 45-87) per 1,000 person years for the initial age groups 75 to 79, 80 to 84 and 85+ years, respectively. In competing risk regression models, female sex, mobility as well as vision impairment, and subjective cognitive decline (SCD) were found to be risk factors for incident depression for age group 75 to 79, female sex, single/separated marital status, mobility as well as hearing impairment, and SCD for age group 80 to 84, and mobility impairment for age group 85+. Conclusion: Depressive symptoms in latest life are common and the incidence increases with increasing age. Modifiable and differing risk factors across the highest age groups open up the possibility of specifically tailored prevention concepts. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and diagnostic delay in cluster headache in Egypt$$$ Background: Early diagnosis of CH is a cornerstone and it is important to detect causes leading to diagnostic delay. Limited published data exist regarding CH in Egypt, and with no data showing characteristics of CH or causes of diagnostic delay. Aim: To investigate clinical characteristics, for CH and detect causes of diagnostic delay in Egypt. Methodology: A cross-sectional study was conducted including all patients (age: 18–60 years) with primary headache disorders in Egypt with CH patients consecutively recruited over 1 year. Demographic and clinical characteristics as well as rate of diagnostic delay were collected. Results: This registry included 1187 patients with primary headaches over a year. CH accounted for 1.9%. The majority of CH patients were males (82%), and a mean age of 37.9 ± 10 years. The mean age of disease onset was 25 ± 8 years. Sixty-five percent had episodic CH, while 34.8% had chronic CH. Most of the patients (95.7%) had strictly unilateral pain (right side 52.2%, left side 43.5%). Autonomic features were rhinorrhea (91%), ptosis (87%), and lacrimation (78%). Migrainous features were found in 26% of patients. Bout duration of CH lasted on an average of 1–4 months. Time interval of diagnostic delay ranged from 0.5 to 29 years, with a mean diagnostic delay of 9.8 ± 7.9 years. Conclusion: This study showed that CHs present 1.9% of primary headache disorders in Egypt, with males more affected than females. the incidence of smoking was higher among CH patients. Marked diagnostic delay was found which necessitate an action toward raising awareness. ER  - 
A Study of the Effect of Treatment On the Clinical Profile, Pain, and Disability in Migraine Patients Seen in a Tertiary Hospital$$$ Background: Migraine is a disabling disease that poses a significant societal burden. Migraine is a major cause of disability. Migraine is the eighth leading disease-causing disability in the population. Objective: To study the clinical profile and measure the pain and migraine-related disability of patients with all types of migraine using the McGill pain assessment scale and Migraine Disability Assessment (MIDAS) before and after 3 months of effect on the medication. Methods: A Prospective-Cross sectional study was carried out in a multispecialty hospital with male and female patients between 18 and 65 years. The data were collected from the patients directly through the questionnaire of McGill pain assessment scale-short form (SF) and MIDAS, which was provided before and after the medication. Results: There were 165 subjects of which 52 were men and 113 were women. The mean age of all the subjects was 43 years. About 26.06% of the subjects had a family history of headaches. The scores of McGill pain and MIDAS assessment before and after medication were as follows: 0–15 were 30.90% and 73.33%, Score 16–30 were 54.54% and 18.18%, the score of 31–45 were 14.54% and 7.87% of the subjects. MIDAS grade I was 17.57% and 50.90%, Grade II 33.93% and 21.81%, Grade III 30.30% and 15.75% Grade IV 18.18% and 11.51% of the subjects. Discussion: The calculated “t” value between the before and after medication values of McGill and MIDAS by paired ‘t-test was 13.85 and 17.49 respectively. As the calculated “t” value is more than the table value, the alternate hypothesis is accepted. Conclusion: This study confirms that there is a significant difference in disability levels before and after acute and preventative treatments when measured over 3 months. In addition, the preponderance of females was high, and the functional disability that affects work and social activity associated with migraine is moderate to severe. ER  - 
A novel approach to treating post-stroke depression: administration of Botulinum Toxin A via local facial injection$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is a frequent complication following a stroke, characterized by prolonged feelings of sadness and loss of interest, which can significantly impede stroke rehabilitation, increase disability, and raise mortality rates. Traditional antidepressants often have significant side effects and poor patient adherence, necessitating the exploration of more suitable treatments for PSD. Previous researchers and our research team have discovered that Botulinum Toxin A (BoNT-A) exhibits antidepressant effects. Therefore, our objective was to assess the efficacy and side effects of BoNT-A treatment in patients with PSD. Methods: A total of 71 stroke patients meeting the inclusion criteria were allocated to the two group. 2 cases were excluded due to severe neurological dysfunction that prevented cooperation and 4 cases were lost follow-up. Ultimately, number of participants in the BoNT-A group (n = 32) and Sertraline group (n = 33). Treatment efficacy was evaluated 1, 2, 4, 8 and 12 weeks post-treatment. Results: There were no significant differences in baseline characteristics between the two groups (p > 0.05). Both groups exhibited comparable treatment efficacy, with fewer side effects observed in the BoNT-A group compared to the Sertraline group. BoNT-A therapy demonstrated significant effects as early as the first week (p < 0.05), and by the 12th week, there was a notable decrease in neuropsychological scores, significantly lower than the baseline level. The analysis revealed significant differences in measurements of the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) (F(770) = 12.547, p = 0.000), Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA) (F(951) = 10.422, p = 0.000), Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS) (F(1385) = 10.607, p = 0.000), and Self-Rating Anxiety Scale (SAS) (F(1482) = 11.491, p = 0.000). Conclusion: BoNT-A treatment effectively reduces depression symptoms in patients with PSD on a continuous basis. ER  - 
The effect of microvascular decompression of the CN IX-X root entry/exit zone and the ventrolateral medulla in neurogenic hypertension involving the vertebral/basilar artery$$$ Introduction: Neurogenic hypertension (HTN) is a type of HTN characterized by increased activity of the sympathetic nervous system. Vascular compression is one of the pathogenic mechanisms of neurogenic HTN. Despite Jannetta's solid anatomical and physiological arguments in favor of neurogenic HTN in the 1970's, the treatment for essential HTN by microvascular decompression (MVD) still lacks established selection criteria. Therefore, the subjects selected for our center were limited to patients with primary trigeminal neuralgia (TN) and primary hemifacial spasm (HFS) of the vertebral/basilar artery (VA/BA) responsible vessel type coexisting with neurogenic HTN who underwent MVD of the brainstem to further explore possible indications for MVD in the treatment of neurogenic HTN. Methods: A retrospective analysis of 63 patients who were diagnosed with neurogenic HTN had symptoms of HFS and TN cranial nerve disease. Patients were treated at our neurosurgery department from January 2018 to January 2023. A preoperative magnetic resonance examination of the patients revealed the presence of abnormally located vascular compression in the rostral ventrolateral medulla (RVLM) and the root entry zone (REZ) of the IX and X cranial nerves (CN IX- X). Results: There was no significant difference between the two groups in terms of gender, age, course of HFS, course of TN, course of HTN, degree of HTN, or preoperative blood pressure. Based on the postoperative blood pressure levels, nine out of 63 patients were cured (14.28%), eight cases (12.70%) showed a marked effect, 16 cases (25.40%) were effective, and 30 cases were invalid (47.62%). The overall efficacy was 52.38%. However, 39 cases of combined cranial nerve disease were on the left side of the efficacy rate (66.67%) and 24 cases of combined cranial nerve disease were on the right side of the efficacy rate (29.16%). Discussion: Over the last few decades, many scholars have made pioneering progress in the clinical retrospective study of MVD for neurogenic hypertension, and our study confirms the efficacy of MVD in treating vertebral/basilar artery-type neurogenic hypertension by relieving the vascular pressure of RVLM. In the future, with the development and deepening of pathological mechanisms and clinical observational studies, MVD may become an important treatment for neurogenic hypertension by strictly grasping the surgical indications. Conclusion: MVD is an effective treatment for neurogenic HTN. Indications may include the following: left-sided TN or HFS combined with neurogenic HTN; VA/BA compression in the left RVLM and REZ areas on MRI; and blood pressure in these patients cannot be effectively controlled by drugs. ER  - 
Current state of clinical ultrasound neuromodulation$$$ Unmatched by other non-invasive brain stimulation techniques, transcranial ultrasound (TUS) offers highly focal stimulation not only on the cortical surface but also in deep brain structures. These unique attributes are invaluable in both basic and clinical research and might open new avenues for treating neurological and psychiatric diseases. Here, we provide a concise overview of the expanding volume of clinical investigations in recent years and upcoming research initiatives concerning focused ultrasound neuromodulation. Currently, clinical TUS research addresses a variety of neuropsychiatric conditions, such as pain, dementia, movement disorders, psychiatric conditions, epilepsy, disorders of consciousness, and developmental disorders. As demonstrated in sham-controlled randomized studies, TUS neuromodulation improved cognitive functions and mood, and alleviated symptoms in schizophrenia and autism. Further, preliminary uncontrolled evidence suggests relieved anxiety, enhanced motor functions in movement disorders, reduced epileptic seizure frequency, improved responsiveness in patients with minimally conscious state, as well as pain reduction after neuromodulatory TUS. While constrained by the relatively modest number of investigations, primarily consisting of uncontrolled feasibility trials with small sample sizes, TUS holds encouraging prospects for treating neuropsychiatric disorders. Larger sham-controlled randomized trials, alongside further basic research into the mechanisms of action and optimal sonication parameters, are inevitably needed to unfold the full potential of TUS neuromodulation. ER  - 
A Retrospective Study of 132 Patients Who Attempted Suicide Admitted to a Turkish Medical Center in Ankara, September 2022 to August 2023$$$ Background: Patients who have attempted suicide by traumatic mechanisms and who present to the Emergency Department (ED) are important due to their severity and high mortality. This retrospective study aimed to evaluate the presentation 132 cases of attempted suicide admitted to a hospital ED in Ankara, Turkey, between September 2022 and August 2023. Material/Methods: This retrospective study assessed date on 132 adult patients who presented at the ED of Ankara City Hospital due to attempted suicide by traumatic method during a 1-year study period. The descriptive characteristics of the cases, their chronic psychiatric diseases, and the characteristics of their injuries were analyzed based on the duration of stay in the ED and hospital as outcome measures. Results: Among our study population, 67% were men and 33% were women, and 52% had a previous psychiatric diagnosis. Incision was the predominant trauma mechanism (n=102, 77.3%). Patients with upper-extremity injuries had shorter stays in the ED (P=0.013), while those injured in with motor vehicle-related injuries and those falling from height stayed in the hospital longer (P=0.018). Conclusions: In the traumatic suicides discussed, upper-extremity injuries with incision predominated. Upper-extremity injuries had shorter ED treatment times. Those injured by falling from heights or by motor vehicles required longer clinical care in the hospital. ER  - 
Behavioral comorbidities treatment by fecal microbiota transplantation in canine epilepsy: a pilot study of a novel therapeutic approach$$$ Introduction: Anxiety and cognitive dysfunction are frequent, difficult to treat and burdensome comorbidities in human and canine epilepsy. Fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) has been shown to modulate behavior in rodent models by altering the gastrointestinal microbiota (GIM). This study aims to investigate the beneficial effects of FMT on behavioral comorbidities in a canine translational model of epilepsy. Methods: Nine dogs with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) and behavioral comorbidities were recruited. The fecal donor had epilepsy with unremarkable behavior, which exhibited a complete response to phenobarbital, resulting in it being seizure-free long term. FMTs were performed three times, two weeks apart, and the dogs had follow-up visits at three and six months after FMTs. Comprehensive behavioral analysis, including formerly validated questionnaires and behavioral tests for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)- and fear- and anxiety-like behavior, as well as cognitive dysfunction, were conducted, followed by objective computational analysis. Blood samples were taken for the analysis of antiseizure drug (ASD) concentrations, hematology, and biochemistry. Urine neurotransmitter concentrations were measured. Fecal samples were subjected to analysis using shallow DNA shotgun sequencing, real-time polymerase chain reaction (qPCR)-based Dysbiosis Index (DI) assessment, and short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) quantification. Results: Following FMT, the patients showed improvement in ADHD-like behavior, fear- and anxiety-like behavior, and quality of life. The excitatory neurotransmitters aspartate and glutamate were decreased, while the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and GABA/glutamate ratio were increased compared to baseline. Only minor taxonomic changes were observed, with a decrease in Firmicutes and a Blautia_A species, while a Ruminococcus species increased. Functional gene analysis, SCFA concentration, blood parameters, and ASD concentrations remained unchanged. Discussion: Behavioral comorbidities in canine IE could be alleviated by FMT. This study highlights FMT’s potential as a novel approach to improving behavioral comorbidities and enhancing the quality of life in canine patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Physostigmine reversal of delirium from second generation antipsychotic exposure: a retrospective cohort study from a regional poison center$$$ Introduction: Physostigmine is an effective antidote for antimuscarinic delirium. There is little evidence for its use to reverse delirium following second generation antipsychotic exposure. The purpose of this study is to describe the safety and effectiveness of physostigmine in reversing delirium from second generation antipsychotic exposure. Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study of all patients reported to a single regional poison center treated with physostigmine following a second generation antipsychotic exposure from January 1, 2000 to April 15, 2021. The poison center electronic medical record was queried to identify cases and for data abstraction. The primary outcome was the positive response rate to physostigmine, as determined by two trained abstractors. Secondary outcomes included physostigmine dosing, and adverse events. Results: Of 147 charts reviewed, 138 individual patients were included, and the response to physostigmine was reported in 128 patients. The most common second-generation antipsychotic exposure was quetiapine (97; 70.3 percent). A positive response to physostigmine was noted in 106/128 (82.8 percent) patients [95 percent confidence interval 68.9–83.6 percent]. Median number of physostigmine doses was 1 (interquartile range 1–3; range 1–9). The median total physostigmine dose received was 2 mg (interquartile range 2–6 mg; range 0.15–30 mg). The positive physostigmine response rate for patients with an antimuscarinic co-ingestion was not significantly different compared to patients with a different co-ingestion or no co-ingestion (25/34 versus 81/94; P = 0.09). Adverse events were reported in four (2.9 percent) patients, including one death. Discussion: A positive response to physostigmine to treat antimuscarinic delirium from second generation antipsychotic exposure was reported in 82.8 percent of patients, which is similar to previous physostigmine studies. Adverse events were infrequent, and included diaphoresis (one 0.7 percent), seizure (one; 0.7 percent), and bradycardia (one; 0.7 percent). One (0.7%) patient suffered a cardiac arrest 60 minutes after receiving physostigmine to treat antimuscarinic delirium following having received increasing clozapine doses over the previous month. Conclusions: In this study, physostigmine appears to be a safe and effective treatment for antimuscarinic delirium from second generation antipsychotic exposure. Further studies are needed to validate the safety and effectiveness of physostigmine for this indication. ER  - 
Factors associated with having uncontrolled asthma in rural Appalachia$$$ Background: Chronic respiratory disease disproportionately affects residents of Appalachia, particularly those residing in Central Appalachia. Asthma is particularly burdensome to Central Appalachian residents regarding cost and disability. Improving our understanding of how to mitigate these burdens requires understanding the factors influencing asthma control among individuals with asthma living in Central Appalachia, specifically rural Kentucky. Methods: This community-based, cross-sectional epidemiologic study used survey data to identify characteristics associated with uncontrolled and controlled asthma. The designation of “uncontrolled asthma” was based on a self-report of ≥ 2 asthma exacerbations in the past year. Individuals with ≤ 1 or no exacerbations were considered to have controlled asthma. Chi-square or Fisher exact tests assessed the association between categorical variables and asthma control categories. Logistic regression was conducted to determine the impact of factors on the likelihood of uncontrolled asthma. Results: In a sample of 211 individuals with self-reported asthma, 29% (n = 61, 46 females) had uncontrolled asthma. Predictors of uncontrolled asthma included depression (odds ratio 2.61, 95% CI 1.22–5.61, p =.014) and living in multi-unit housing (odds ratio 4.99, 95% CI 1.47–16.96, p =.010) when controlling for age, sex, financial status, and occupation. Being overweight or obese was not a predictor of uncontrolled asthma. Physical activity and BMI did not predict the likelihood of uncontrolled asthma. Conclusion: This study highlights significant challenges rural communities in Appalachian Kentucky face in managing asthma. Factors like depression, housing conditions, and a lack of self-management strategies play pivotal roles in asthma control in this population. ER  - 
Serious treatment-emergent adverse events in chronic low back pain patients treated with buprenorphine or oral opioids: A retrospective commercial claims analysis$$$ Aim: Explore the safety of Belbuca R (buprenorphine buccal film), buprenorphine transdermal patches and oral opioids for chronic low back pain (cLBP) treatment. Methods: The retrospective analysis of the MarketScan Commercial database (2018-2021) included treatment-naive cLBP adults. The first date of buprenorphine (Belbuca and transdermal patch) or opioid prescription was index date. Cohorts were defined based on the index medication. Observation included a 6-month pre-index period, while postindex lasted until the end of continuous insurance coverage. There were 44 relevant treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) identified in the literature. Incidence rate ratio (IRR) and incidence rate difference (IRD) were used to compare serious TEAE rates (in 1000 person-years) between cohorts. Propensity-score matching minimized the selection bias. Results: Buprenorphine had lower rates of 15 serious TEAEs than oral opioids (all p ≤ 0.037), while higher rates only for serious di”iness (IRR 2.44, p = 0.011; driven by Belbuca), opioid abuse/dependence (IRR 3.13, p = 0.004; driven by patches) and cholecystitis (IRD 20.25, p = 0.044; an outlier). Additionally, a comparison between Belbuca and oral opioids showed lower rates of 13 serious TEAEs (all p ≤ 0.024) and a higher serious di”iness rate (IRR 3.17, p = 0.024). Although the rates of serious opioid abuse/dependence were similar (24.60 vs 26.93, p = 0.921), all Belbuca patients and none of the opioid patients had a positive history of these events. Belbuca also had lower rates of five serious TEAEs than transdermal patches (all p ≤ 0.018), including a serious opioid abuse/dependence (IRR 0.04, p < 0.001), but higher rates of serious cholecystitis (IRD 52.17, p = 0.035; an outlier) and suicidal ideation (IRD 156.50, p < 0.001; an outlier). Conclusion: Buprenorphine had a better safety profile than oral opioids in cLBP treatment. Belbuca showed a more favorable TEAE profile than buprenorphine transdermal patches and oral opioids. Plain language summary: Serious harmful effects of treatment for long-lasting low back pain: What is this article about?: This study explored how safe is to use the drugs prescribed for chronic low back pain-buprenorphine and opioids. Researchers analyzed insurance data of patients with long-lasting low back pain and explored the occurrence of serious medical problems that may be caused by the treatment they take. Buprenorphine was compared with opioids and also different forms of buprenorphine were compared with each other-the patch that adheres to the skin versus the film that sticks to the inner cheek (buccal film). What were the results?: We laid out 44 different types of harmful effects while taking the drugs and tracked their frequency in the patient insurance records. The most relevant results were: • Fifteen out of the 44 medical problems occurred less often when taking buprenorphine than opioids. Only three illnesses were more frequent with buprenorphine • Patients with buccal films felt serious di”iness more commonly than those with opioids but they less often experienced 13 other illnesses • Five serious harmful effects were observed less frequently in the buccal film than in skin patches • Two harmful effects were more common when using the buccal film than the skin patch. These effects were not related to the treatment but rather to the patient’s disease history. What do the results mean?: Buprenorphine treatment for long-lasting low back pain may be a safer option than opioids. Also, patients had fewer serious harmful treatment effects when using buccal film than skin patches and opioids. Shareable abstract: #Belbuca (#buprenorphine buccal film) used for chronic #lowbackpain showed a better #safety profile than buprenorphine transdermal patches or oral #opioids. Also, buprenorphine (Belbuca and transdermal patch) was associated with fewer serious #adverseevents than oral opioids. ER  - 
A 7-year longitudinal survey of valproate prescription in women of childbearing age in Japan using a publicly available National Insurance Claims Database Japan$$$ IntroductionPharmacological treatments with valproate should be avoided where possible in childbearing-aged and pregnant women with epilepsy and bipolar disorder because they increase the risk of major congenital malformations. We previously reported a valproate prescription status in 2014 using publicly available National Insurance Claims DatabaseNDB Open Data Japan. This study aimed to evaluate the changes over time in valproate prescription using the NDB Open Data, which was released after the previous research2015–2020. MethodsFollowing the previous study, we used prescription data from April 2015 to March 2021 from the NDB Open Data Japan. We examined the available prescription data of valproate in female and male outpatient data classified as total childbearing age15–49 years, younger childbearing age15–29 years, older childbearing age30–49 years, and non-childbearing age≥ 50 years. We determined the association between valproate prescription and sex at childbearing age, comparing to the non-childbearing age, and the odds ratioORwas estimated. ResultsThe proportion of valproate prescription for younger women of childbearing age15– 29 yearsshowed a significant downward trend from 2014 to 2020. Also, The OR of women of younger childbearing age15–29 yearswas decreased from 2014 to 2020 and 0.89in 2014, 0.77 in 2015, 0.72in 2016, 0.69in 2017, 0.67in 2018, 0.63in 2019, and 0.63in 2020. DiscussionThe proportion of valproate prescriptions for younger women of childbearing age 15–29 yearsdecreased every year between 2014 and 2019, likely influenced by factors such as safety concerns during pregnancy, changes in treatment guidelines favoring alternative medications, and improved patient education about the potential risks associated with valproate use during pregnancy. ER  - 
Falls in hospitalized older adults and the use of fall risk-increasing drugs and anticholinergic medications in Colombia: a case‒control study$$$ Introduction: In-hospital falls are multicausal in older hospitalized patients. Drugs with anticholinergic load and psychotropic effects can increase the risk of falling. Objective: This study aimed to determine the associations between fall risk-increasing drugs (FRIDs) and the anticholinergic risk score (ARS) with falls in hospitalized older hospitalized patients. Methods: This was a case‒control study of patients ≥65 years of age of either sex treated in four clinics in Colombia between 2018 and 2020. Each patient who suffered a fall during hospitalization was matched with four hospitalized patients who did not. Sociodemographic, clinical, and pharmacologic variables and the use of the ARS and FRIDs were evaluated. The risk associated with FRIDs was estimated using conditional logistic regression. Results: There were 250 patients and 1,000 controls (ratio of 1:4), with a mean age of 77.4 ± 7.4 years and a predominance of men (n = 800, 64.0%). The majority of falls occurred during hospitalization (n = 192 patients, 76.8%). Polypharmacy, calcium channel blockers, antiepileptics, antipsychotics, sodium–glucose cotransporter type 2 inhibitors, and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs were associated with falls during hospitalization. With an ARS score of 3, the probability of falling during the hospital stay increased (aOR: 2.34; 95% CI: 1.64–3.32). Conclusion: There is an association between suffering a fall and the use of drugs with anticholinergic load or FRIDs in hospitalized adults more than 65 years of age in Colombia. ER  - 
Analysis of clinical characteristics of autoimmune encephalitis with antibodies against contactin‑associated protein‑like 2$$$ Objective To explore the clinical characteristics of patients with antibodies against contactin‑associated protein‑like 2 (CASPR2). Methods The clinical data of 24 patients with anti‑CASPR2 encephalitis diagnosed at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University from January 2018 to December 2022 were retrospectively analyzed. According to the age of first onset, the patients were divided into early onset group (10 cases, onset age<45 years) and late onset group (14 cases, onset age≥45 years). The clinical data including clinical manifestations, auxiliary examinations, and treatment response between these 2 groups were compared. Results Among the 24 patients, there were 13 cases with epilepsy, 13 cases with cognitive decline, 13 cases with mental disorders, 14 cases with autonomic dysfunction, 8 cases with peripheral nerve hyperexcitability, 5 cases with Morvan syndrome, 5 cases with unstable walking, and 8 cases with sleep disorders. Among the 10 cases of the early onset group, 7 cases are females, and 8 cases showed epilepsy. The incidence rate of epilepsy in the early onset group was higher than that in the late onset group (5/14, Fisher exact probability, P=0.047). Among the 14 cases of the late onset group, 6 cases are females, 9 cases showed cognitive impairment and 8 cases presented with mental disorders. There were 6 cases with abnormal brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The cerebrospinal fluid protein of the late onset group [0.37 (0.29, 0.58) g/L] was higher than that in the early onset group [0.22 (0.16, 0.30) g/L; Z=-2.667, P=0.008]. The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores before and after treatment were 3.29±0.83 and 1.50 (0.75, 2.25), which were higher than those in the early onset group [mRS scores before and after treatment were 2.10±0.99 and 0 (0, 1.00), t=-3.188, P=0.004; Z=-2.335, P=0.020]. Conclusions There are various symptoms in patients with anti‑CASPR2 encephalitis. The early onset patients are common in women, with a higher incidence of epilepsy. The late onset patients are common in males, with prominent manifestations of cognitive impairment and mental disorders, which have a greater impact on daily living abilities. And abnormal MRI findings are common, and the cerebrospinal fluid protein is higher in late onset patients. Anti‑CASPR2 antibody may cause more severe immune damage to the nervous system in elderly patients. ER  - 
Case report: Tremor in the placebo condition of a blinded clinical trial of intermittent theta-burst stimulation for cocaine use disorder$$$ We report a case of a new-onset, persistent tremor that developed during a clinical trial (NCT02927236) of intermittent theta burst stimulation [iTBS, a form of repetitive magnetic transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)] for cocaine use disorder. Although the participant exhibited an exceptionally strong clinical response, subsequent unblinding revealed that they received sham iTBS. This case highlights the potential for strong functional neurological placebo responses in rTMS trials, and functional disorders might be a marker of a placebo response. Additionally, we note the possibility that the weak e-fields produced by some sham rTMS systems may induce clinically relevant effects. ER  - 
Assessment of altered brain function in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures using resting-state functional MRI$$$ Background: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizure (PNES) is a disease characterized by the alternations in the brain network. The current study aimed to assess the global and local brain network changes in various brain regions for the patients with PNES using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). Materials and Methods: The resting-state fMRI (rs-fMRI) data of 32 adults (ranged from 22-61 years; mean: 33.1±7.2), including 16 healthy controls and 16 PNES patients, were obtained. Several standard global network parameters, including small-worldness, average clustering coefficient, characteristic path length, and global efficiency, were investigated. Nodal characteristics, such as the degree of centrality (DC), betweenness centrality (BC), nodal efficiency (NF), nodal local efficiency (NLF), nodal clustering coefficient (NCC), and shortest route, were also determined independently for each node (region) to represent local changes in the brain network. The local and global parameters’ values were compared between healthy individuals and PNES patients using Mann-Whitney statistical test. Results: There was no significant difference among the global parameter values obtained from PNES patients and healthy individuals (P>0.05). However, many local brain network parameters showed statistically significant differences in the functional connectivity networks (P<0.05), including attentional, sensorimotor, default mode, executive control networks, and subcortical area. Conclusion: Although global brain network parameters calculated from fMRI images were similar between healthy and PNES participants, many local brain network parameters showed statistically significant differences. Our findings support PNES patients' hypoactivity in the regions associated with awareness and motor control as well as their hyperactivity in the areas associated with emotion and motion control. ER  - 
A multi-institutional phase I study of acetazolamide with temozolomide in adults with newly diagnosed MGMT-methylated malignant glioma$$$ Background. A significant unmet need exists for the treatment of glioblastoma, IDH-wildtype (GBM). Preclinical work shows that acetazolamide sensitizes GBM to temozolomide (TMZ) by overcoming TMZ resistance due to BCL-3-dependent upregulation of carbonic anhydrase. Acetazolamide is Food and Drug Administration-approved for the treatment of altitude sickness. Drug repurposing enables the application of drugs to diseases beyond initial indications. This multi-institutional, open-label, phase I trial examined a combination of acetazolamide and TMZ in patients with MGMT promoter-methylated high-grade glioma. Methods. A total of 24 patients (GBM, IDH-wildtype = 22; Grade 4 astrocytoma, IDH-mutant = 1; Grade 3 astrocytoma, IDH-mutant = 1) were accrued over 17 months. All patients received oral acetazolamide (250 mg BID for 7 days increased to 500 mg BID for Days 8-21 of each 28-day cycle) during the adjuvant phase of TMZ for up to 6 cycles. Results. No patient had a dose-limiting toxicity. Adverse events were consistent with known sequelae of acetazolamide and TMZ. In the 23 WHO Grade 4 patients, the median overall survival (OS) was 30.1 months and the median progression-free survival was 16.0 months. The 2-year OS was 60.9%. In total 37% of the study population had high BCL-3 staining and trended toward shorter OS (17.2 months vs N.R., P = .06). Conclusions. The addition of acetazolamide is safe and tolerable in GBM patients receiving standard TMZ. Survival results compare favorably to historical data from randomized trials in patients with MGMT promoter-methylated GBM and support examination of acetazolamide in a randomized trial. BCL-3 expression is a potential biomarker for prognosis in GBM or for patients more likely to benefit from TMZ. ER  - 
Long-term survivors of glioblastoma: Tumor molecular, clinical, and imaging findings$$$ Background. Glioblastoma (GBM) is the most aggressive primary brain malignancy with <45% living a year beyond diagnosis. Previously published investigations of long-term survivors (LTS) provided clinical data but rarely incorporated a comprehensive clinical and molecular analysis. Herein, we identify clinical, imaging, molecular, and outcome features for 23 GBM-LTS patients and compare them with a matched cohort of short-term survivors (STS). Methods. Molecularly confirmed Isocitrate Dehydrogenase (IDH) wildtype GBM patients living ≥3 years post-diagnosis (NLTS = 23) or <3 years (NSTS = 75) were identified from our Natural History study. Clinical and demographic characteristics were compared. Tumor tissue was analyzed with targeted next generation sequencing (NGS) (NLTS = 23; NSTS = 74) and methylation analysis (NLTS = 18; NSTS = 28). Pre-surgical MRI scans for a subset of LTS (N = 14) and STS control (N = 28) matched on sex, age, and extent of resection were analyzed. Results. LTS tended to be younger. Diagnostic MRIs showed more LTS with T1 tumor hypointensity. LTS tumors were enriched for MGMTp methylation and tumor protein 53 (TP53) mutation. Three patients with classic GBM histology were reclassified based on NGS and methylation testing. Additionally, there were LTS with typical poor prognostic molecular markers. Conclusions. Our findings emphasize that generalized predictions of prognosis are inaccurate for individual patients and underscore the need for complete clinical evaluation including molecular work-up to confirm the diagnosis. Continued accrual of patients to LTS registries that contain comprehensive clinical, imaging, tumor molecular data, and outcomes measures may pro\vide important insights about individual patient prognosis. ER  - 
Self-reported attention and hyperactivity symptoms among adults with epilepsy$$$ Background Patients with epilepsy (PWE) frequently have comorbid psychiatric disorders, the most common of which are depression and anxiety. Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity (ADHD) is also more frequent among PWE, though that condition has been scarcely studied among the adult PWE population. Objective This study aimed to compare the presence of ADHD symptoms between adult PWE and the general population. Methods This was an observational case-control study. Ninety-five adult PWE from a tertiary center in southern Brazil were compared with 100 healthy controls. All subjects were submitted to three structured scales: 1) the World Health Organization Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale version 1.1 (ASRS); 2) the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS); and 3) the Adverse Events Profile (AEP). Dichotomic variables were analyzed through chi-square test and Fisher’s exact test, as appropriate, and nonparametric variables were analyzed through the Mann-Whitney U test. Results Medians and interquartile ranges (IR) were: 1) ASRS: 26.00 (IR: 18 to 38) among PWE versus 17.00 (IR: 11 to 24) among controls, p < 0.001; 2) HADS: 14.00 (IR: 8 to 21) among PWE versus 11.00 (IR: 8 to 16) among controls, p = 0.007; 3) AEP: 3800 (IR: 31 to 49) among PWE versus 33.00 (IR: 23 to 43) among controls, p = 0.001. Conclusion PWE showed a higher burden of symptoms of ADHD, depression, and anxiety when compared with controls, which replicates in the Brazilian population the findings of current literature that point toward a higher prevalence of such disorders among PWE. ER  - 
Psychiatry Prescription Audit Findings in a Tertiary Care Hospital: A Cross-sectional Study$$$ Irrational prescriptions can lead to unnecessary drug interactions, emergence or reinforcement of drug resistance, adverse drug reactions, increase in the cost and duration of treatment. Irrational use of medications is a major health concern increasing the morbidity and mortality of the patients, particularly in the developing countries. According to World Health Organisation (WHO), more than half of all medications globally are inappropriately prescribed, dispensed or sold. The current investigation was a single-centric, hospital-based, crosssectional, observational study that aimed at investigating the quality and improving the rationality of prescriptions through prescription auditing using WHO core prescribing indicators and NHM (National Health Mission) prescription audit guidelines. A total of 530 prescriptions were evaluated in the study. The average number of medications prescribed per patient was 4.7. Only 4.2% medications were prescribed by generic names. All the prescriptions had the OPD registration number, date of consultation, age and gender of the patient, and contained medications as per the essential medicine list and available in the hospital dispensary. ER  - 
Adverse event profile of memantine and donepezil combination therapy: a real-world pharmacovigilance analysis based on FDA adverse event reporting system (FAERS) data from 2004 to 2023$$$ Background: Donepezil in combination with memantine is a widely used clinical therapy for moderate to severe dementia. However, real-world population data on the long-term safety of donepezil in combination with memantine are incomplete and variable. Therefore, the aim of this study was to analyze the adverse events (AEs) of donepezil in combination with memantine according to US Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS) data to provide evidence for the safety monitoring of this therapy. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed reports of AEs associated with the combination of donepezil and memantine from 2004 to 2023 extracted from the FAERS database. Whether there was a significant association between donepezil and memantine combination therapy and AEs was assessed using four disproportionality analysis methods, namely, the reporting odds ratio, proportional reporting ratio, Bayesian confidence propagation neural network, and multi-item gamma Poisson shrinker methods. To further investigate potential safety issues, we also analyzed differences and similarities in the time of onset and incidence of AEs stratified by sex and differences and similarities in the incidence of AEs stratified by age. Results: Of the 2,400 adverse drug reaction (ADR) reports in which the combination of donepezil and memantine was the primary suspected drug, most of the affected patients were female (54.96%) and older than 65 years of age (79.08%). We identified 22 different system organ classes covering 100 AEs, including some common AEs such as dizziness and electrocardiogram PR prolongation; fall, pleurothotonus and myoclonus were AEs that were not listed on the drug label. Moreover, we obtained 88 reports of AEs in men and 100 reports of AEs in women; somnolence was a common AE in both men and women and was more common in women, whereas pleurothotonus was a more common AE in men. In addition, we analyzed 12 AEs in patients younger than 18 years, 16 in patients between 18 and 65 years, and 113 in patients older than 65 years. The three age groups had distinctive AEs, but lethargy was the common AE among all age groups. Finally, the median time to AE onset was 19 days in all cases. In both men and women, most AEs occurred within a month of starting donepezil plus memantine, but some continued after a year of treatment. Conclusion: Our study identified potential and new AEs of donepezil in combination with memantine; some of these AEs were the same as in the specification, and some of the AE signals were not shown in the specification. In addition, there were sex and age differences in some of the AEs. Therefore, our findings may provide valuable insights for further studies on the safety of donepezil and memantine combination therapy, which are expected to contribute to the safe use of this therapy in clinical practice. ER  - 
The Clinical, Radiological and Genetic Spectrum of PLA2G6-Associated Neurodegeneration: An Experience From a Tertiary Center$$$ Background: Despite being the second most common type of neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation, there is limited literature on PLA2G6-associated neurodegeneration (PLAN) within the Asian ethnicity, particularly in the Indian context. Methods: We conducted a retrospective observational study on patients with pathogenic/ likely pathogenic PLA2G6 variants based on exome sequencing. Results: We identified 26 patients (22 families, 15 males) of genetically-confirmed PLAN with a median age of 22.5 years and age at onset of 13.0 years, encompassing various subtypes: infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy (5/26;19.2%), atypical neuroaxonal dystrophy (3/26;11.5%), dystonia-parkinsonism (5/26;19.2%), dystonia-parkinsonism-myoclonus (n = 4, 15.38%), early-onset Parkinson’s disease (2/26;7.7%), complex dystonia (2/26;7.7%), and complicated hereditary spastic paraparesis (cHSP; 5/26;19.2%). The common initial symptoms included walking difficulty (7/26;26.9%), developmental regression (6/26;23.1%), and slowness (4/26;15.4%). Dystonia (14/26;53.8%), followed by parkinsonism (11/26; 42.3%), was the most common motor symptom. Non-motor symptoms included cognitive decline (12/26;46.2%) and behavioral changes (6/26;23.1%). Neuroimaging revealed cerebellar atrophy in 23/26 (88.5%) patients and claval hypertrophy in 80% (4/5) of INAD patients. Levodopa responsiveness was noted in 12 of 14 patients with parkinsonism/dystonia who received levodopa, and dyskinesia was noted in 10/11 patients. Genetic analysis revealed a total of 19 unique variants in PLA2G6 gene, of which 11 were novel. Twelve patients harbored the c.2222G>A variant, which is predominantly seen in Asian subpopulations. Conclusions: The study introduces 26 new patients of PLAN and 12 patients associated with the c.2222G>A variant, potentially forming the most extensive single center series to date. It also expands the phenotypic, neuroimaging, and genotypic spectrum of PLAN. ER  - 
CASPR2-related epilepsy: A distinctive and unrecognized form of epilepsy in adult and elderly males$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to describe the clinical features of contactin-associated protein-like 2 (CASPR2)-IgG-associated seizures. Methods: Nine patients were retrospectively collected from two epilepsy centers. For each patient we obtained a full clinical, neurophysiological, and MRI study along with detection of antineuronal autoantibodies from serum and CSF. The patients were followed up for 1–6 years. Results: The patients were nine male subjects aged 56–85 years (mean: 66) with a 1- to 14-year (mean: 6,3 median: 6) history of seizures. The seizures were classified as focal onset seizures with impaired awareness, usually preceded by epigastric aura (two), piloerection (two), olfactory hallucinations (two), nausea and dizziness (one). Tonic–clonic seizures were present in five patients. Seizure frequency was high in six cases and sporadic in three. Most patients reported memory impairment (eight) or behavioral/mood changes (four). Interictal EEGs usually showed bilateral or unilateral temporal epileptiform abnormalities. A number of seizures arising from the temporal lobes, with bilateral asynchronous onset, were recorded on long-term video-EEG monitoring in two patients. MRI disclosed nonspecific white matter T2 hyperintensities suggestive of chronic vascular changes in four patients and bilateral T2-FLAIR amygdalo-hippocampal hyperintensity in three cases. Neuropsychological study demonstrated various degrees of cognitive impairment in the majority of cases. Increased titers of CASPR2 autoantibodies were detected in the serum and CSF, which persisted over time in four cases. Drug resistance to common anti-seizure medications was present in seven cases who benefited from immunotherapy. Significance: CASPR2-IgG testing should be performed among old male patients with a recent or even not recent onset of focal seizures with impaired awareness particularly when these seizures are accompanied by cognitive impairment or behavioral disturbances. In these cases, anti-seizure medications may be ineffective while immunotherapy may lead to a prompt improvement of seizures and cognitive deficits. ER  - 
Factors influencing quality of life in extratemporal lobe epilepsy and mesial temporal lobe epilepsy: a cross-sectional study using medical records$$$ Objective: This study aimed to examine differences in factors influencing quality of life (QOL) in people with extratemporal lobe epilepsy (ETLE) and mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE). Methods: We obtained data from the medical records of 84 (47 ETLE and 37 MTLE) people with epilepsy. The data included age, sex, employment, seizure frequency, number of antiseizure medication (ASM), Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) score, and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-31 (QOLIE-31) score. Multiple regression analyses were performed using QOLIE-31 as the dependent variable and age, sex, employment, seizure frequency, number of ASM, and NDDI-E score as the independent variables in ETLE or MTLE. Results: From the results of the multiple regression analyses, QOLIE-31 in ETLE was associated with NDDI-E (β = −0.757, p < 0.001) and employment (β = 0.388, p = 0.008). Meanwhile, QOLIE-31 in MTLE was associated with NDDI-E (β = −0.625, p < 0.001), employment (β = 0.396, p = 0.041), and number of ASMs (β = −0.399, p = 0.018). Conclusion: Overall, our findings indicate that the number of ASMs is potentially an influence on QOL of MTLE but similar effect is not observed in ETLE. ER  - 
Real-world study of adverse events associated with gepant use in migraine treatment based on the VigiAccess and U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s adverse event reporting system databases$$$ Background: This study aimed to investigate the real-world profile of adverse events (AEs) associated with gepant medications in the clinical treatment of migraines by analyzing data collected from the VigiAccess database and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS) database. As novel migraine therapies, gepants act by targeting the calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) pathway, demonstrating effective control of migraine attacks and good tolerability. Nonetheless, comprehensive real-world studies on the safety of gepants are still lacking, particularly regarding their safety in large populations, long-term use, and potential adverse reactions in specific groups, which necessitates further empirical research. Leveraging these two international adverse event reporting system databases, we systematically gathered and analyzed reports of AEs related to gepant medications, such as rimegepant. Our focus encompasses but is not limited to severe, new, and rare adverse reactions induced by the drugs, as well as safety issues pertaining to the gastrointestinal, cardiovascular, hepatic, and renal systems. Through descriptive statistical analyses, we assessed the incidence and characteristics of AEs, compared AEs among gepants, and uncovered previously unknown AE information, all with the goal of providing a reference for the selection of clinical treatment regimens and AE monitoring. Methods: By extracting all AE reports concerning “rimegepant”, “atogepant”, and “ubrogepant” from the VigiAccess and FAERS database since its establishment up to 31 March 2024, a retrospective quantitative analysis was conducted. The reporting odds ratio (ROR) method were used to compare AEs among the three gepants. Results: In the VigiAccess and FAERS databases, 23542 AE reports in total, respectively, were identified as being related to gepant medications. Among gastrointestinal system AEs, rimegepant had the greatest proportion and greatest signal strength; nausea was most severe and had the strongest signal in rimegepant AEs, whereas constipation was most prominent and had the strongest signal in atogepant AEs. In skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders, rash and pruritus were more frequently observed with rimegepant, followed by ubrogepant. Alopecia emerged as a novel AE, being more severe in rimegepant and secondarily in atogepant. Regarding cardiac disorders, the three gepants showed comparable rates of cardiac AEs, yet rimegepant exhibited the strongest AE signal. In musculoskeletal and connective tissue AEs, ubrogepant presented the most positive signals for skeletal muscle AEs. Furthermore, among the rare blood and lymphatic system disorder AEs, rimegepant had the highest number of reports of Raynaud’s phenomenon and the strongest signal. The study also revealed that while reports of AEs involving liver diseases were scarce across the three gepants, severe AEs were detected in clinical trials, highlighting the need for continued, enhanced monitoring of liver system AEs through large-scale datasets. Conclusion: Gepant medications exhibit similarities and differences in their safety profiles. Analysis of the two databases indicated the presence of AEs across various systems, including gastrointestinal disorders, skin and subcutaneous tissue diseases, musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders, organ-specific effects, and liver diseases. However, each drug displays distinct incidences and signal intensities for these AEs. Additionally, the study revealed a rare AE in the form of Raynaud’s phenomenon. These findings suggest that during clinical use, individualized medication selection and AE monitoring should be based on the patient’s physiological condition and specific characteristics. ER  - 
Unraveling the relations between post-traumatic stress symptoms, neurocognitive functioning, and limbic white matter in pediatric brain tumor patients$$$ Background. Pediatric brain tumor patients are at risk of developing neurocognitive impairments and associated white matter alterations. In other populations, post-traumatic stress symptoms (PTSS) impact cognition and white matter. This study aims to investigate the effect of PTSS on neurocognitive functioning and limbic white matter in pediatric brain tumor patients. Methods. Sixty-six patients (6–16 years) completed neuropsychological assessment and brain MRI (1-year post-diagnosis) and parents completed PTSS proxy questionnaires (CRIES-13; 1–3 months and 1-year post-diagnosis). Mean Z-scores and percentage impaired (>1SD) for attention, processing speed, executive functioning, and memory were compared to normscores (t-tests, chi-square tests). Multi-shell diffusion MRI data were analyzed for white matter tractography (fractional anisotropy/axial diffusivity). Effects of PTSS on neurocognition and white matter were explored with linear regression models (FDR correction for multiple testing), including age at diagnosis, treatment intensity, and tumor location as covariates. Neurocognition and limbic white matter associations were explored with correlations. Results. Attention (M = −0.49, 33% impaired; P < .05) and processing speed (M = −0.57, 34% impaired; P < .05) were significantly lower than healthy peers. PTSS was associated with poorer processing speed (β = −0.64, P < .01). Treatment intensity, age at diagnosis, and tumor location, but not PTSS, were associated with limbic white matter metrics. Neurocognition and white matter metrics were not associated. Conclusions. Higher PTSS was associated with poorer processing speed, highlighting the need for monitoring, and timely referrals to optimize psychological well-being and neurocognitive functioning. Future research should focus on longitudinal follow-up and explore the impact of PTSS interventions on neurocognitive performance. ER  - 
Childhood primary stabbing headache: A double center study$$$ Background: Primary stabbing headache (PSH) is an idiopathic headache disorder characterized by head pain occurring as a transient and localized single stab or a series of stabs. The present study aimed to examine the characteristics of childhood PSH and whether they fit the International Classification of Headache Disorders, 3rd edition (ICHD-3) criteria. We also investigated the association with migraine and episodic syndromes. Methods: In this retrospective study, we included 60 patients seen at two headache clinics (Rome and Bari) between 2016 and 2022. A headache-focused history was obtained. All patients had normal neurological examination. PSH was defined according to ICHD-3 criteria. Results: Twenty-three patients were male (38%) and median (range) age at disease onset was 8 (3–17) years. Stabs recurred with irregular frequency and their duration varied from a few seconds up to 30 minutes. Stabs were located in different head regions. Twenty-five patients (42%) underwent neuroimaging exams. Five children reported a limitation of daily activities and none had a chronic pattern. Forty-seven patients (78%) reported a family history of primary headache, especially migraine, and forty-three had episodic syndromes (i.e. infantile colic, benign paroxysmal vertigo, motion sickness, recurrent abdominal pain, cyclic vomiting). Twenty patients had an associated primary headache: 16 suffered from migraine and four suffered from tension type-headache. According to ICHD-3 criteria, thirty-one patients had a diagnosis of probable PSH as a result of a duration of stabs longer than a few seconds (>3 seconds). Conclusions: Features of childhood PSH can vary widely. As seen in previous studies, several patients reported a stab duration longer than a few seconds and this might suggest that current ICHD-3 criteria may need adjustments to be suitable for children. High frequency of associated migraine and episodic syndromes could suggest a common pathophysiological mechanism between PSH and migraine. We can hypothesize that PSH and migraine attacks may be part of a spectrum of the same disease, although further evidence is needed. Larger studies with long-term follow-up are needed to improve understanding of this condition. ER  - 
Comorbidity rates of autism spectrum disorder and functional neurological disorders: A systematic review, meta-analysis of proportions and qualitative synthesis$$$ This study evaluated the comorbidity rates of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) with functional neurological disorders (FNDs). A systematic review was conducted in accordance with Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. A subset of data was suitable for meta-analysis of proportions. Studies which assessed either the prevalence of ASD in patients with FNDs, or the prevalence of FNDs in patients with ASD were considered. Critical appraisal was conducted using Joanna Briggs Institute Critical Appraisal Tools. Fourteen studies met the inclusion criteria. Three cross-sectional studies which reported the comorbidity of ASD among children presenting with functional seizures met inclusion for meta-analysis. The pooled comorbidity rate of ASD in this group was 10.26% [3.92, 18.95], with an I2 value of 81%, indicating significant heterogeneity between studies. Most included studies (n = 5) reported on the rates of Somatic Symptom Disorders in adults with ASD. Comorbidity rates were also reported for ASD with Functional Motor Disorders and for mixed FND cohorts. Critical appraisal indicated that studies were underpowered, did not match cases with controls and failed to account for confounding factors. Identifying ASD and FND comorbidity may guide treatment options and reduce the risks of unnecessary medical investigations. Lay abstract: Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and functional neurological disorders (FND) are relatively common conditions, and there has been recent interest in the overlap between them. Both conditions share core features of alexithymia, impaired interoception and deficits in attentional focus. To date, relatively little is known about the comorbidity rates between ASD and FND. This is the first meta-analysis and qualitative synthesis on the subject. We found that around 10% of children presenting with functional seizures have a comorbid ASD diagnosis. People with ASD are more likely than the neurotypical population to have functional somatic disorders, and there is also evidence that ASD rates are higher for other FNDs such as functional motor disorders. Since FND comes with risks of unnecessary medical procedures and investigations, it is important to recognize the potential for people with ASD to have an FND comorbidity. ER  - 
Evaluation of Clozapine-induced Toxicities in Psychic Patients in Mental Health Care Hospitals in the Southern Region of the Saudi Arabia Kingdom$$$ Background: Clozapine is a psychiatric medication that may cause various side effects, some of them may be serious and fatal adverse effects, such as severe neutropenia, agranulocytosis, lymphocytopenia, myocarditis, and orthostatic hypotension, that have been associated to an increased risk of death. Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate the serious and potentially fatal adverse effects of clozapine toxicity in psychic patients at mental health care hospitals in the Southern region of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Methods: By using a survey, data were retrospectively collected from 193 adult psychic patient reports who have been administrated clozapine with regular follow-ups, in mental health hospitals in the Southern region of Saudi Arabia between 2019 and 2021. Then, these data are recorded and analyzed Statistically using SPSS software, with suitable tests, and predetermined statistical significance (p-value) of less than 0.001. Results: The occurrence of agranulocytosis, neutropenia, hypotension, and seizures showed a highly significant correlation with higher doses of clozapine administration (i.e. p < 0.001). Similarly, agranulocytosis and neutropenia were significantly associated with the occurrence of both hypotension and seizures (i.e. p < 0.001). Conclusion: The collected data in this study showed an increased incidence of agranulocytosis and neutropenia associated with clozapine-treated psychic patients in the Southern region of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia which warrants further clinical studies to find this correlation. ER  - 
Initial clinical evidence on biperiden as antiepileptogenic after traumatic brain injury—a randomized clinical trial$$$ There is currently no efficacious intervention for preventing post-traumatic epilepsy (PTE). Preclinical studies support the potential use of anticholinergics for this condition. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of biperiden as an intervention for preventing PTE. A randomized, double-blinded clinical trial was conducted at HC/FMUSP between 2018–2022. Adults with acute traumatic brain injury (TBI) were randomly assigned to receive biperiden or placebo, for 10 days. The primary outcome was the incidence of PTE while the secondary outcomes included the frequency of seizures, the frequency of any adverse events and mortality after 24 months. The study was powered at a planned enrolment of 132 patients. The trial began in January 2018 and was halted by researchers on March 2020 (and terminated in December 2022) in the face of the global COVID-19 pandemic. Overall, 123 participants were randomized and 112 contributed with data for modified mITT analysis, being that 61 (49.5%) participants completed the 24-month follow-up consult. Data analysis indicated lack of evidence of biperiden for either, the incidence of post-traumatic epilepsy (2.6, 95%CI, 0.65–10.57; p = 0.170) or the mortality rate (1.57, 95%CI, 0.73–3.38; p = 0.248). The frequency of late post-traumatic seizures was higher for biperiden group (2.03, 95%CI = 0.912–3.1597; p <0.001). The present study suggests that there was insufficient evidence regarding the effect of biperiden in preventing PTE after TBI, which underpins the need for larger studies. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT01048138. ER  - 
A Comparative Study between Epidural Analgesia with Bupivacaine 0.5% along 25 Mcg Fentanyl with Bupivacaine 0.5 with Dexmedetomidine 25 Mcg in Radical Cholecystectomy$$$ Background and Objectives: Pain is defined by the international association for study of pain as an “unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage or described in terms of such damage, Based on the present clinical comparative study epidural analgesia with bupivacaine 0.5% along 25 mcg fentanyl with bupivacaine 0.5% with dexmedetomidine 25 mcg in radical cholecystectomy. Material and Methods: This study was an interventional, prospective, double blind, parallel group, randomized clinical study conducted on patients undergoing elective lower limb and upper abdominal surgeries.in Department of Anaesthesiology at NMCH Jamuhar, Rohtas. Conclusion: Based on the present clinical comparative study, Epidural analgesia bupivacaine 0.5% with 25 mcg dexmedetomidine when administered for radical cholecystectomy was superior to bupivacaine 0.5% with 25 mcg fentanyl in providing longer duration of pain relief. we conclude that isobaric 0.75% Ropivacaine, when administered through epidural route, provides adequate anaesthesia for gall bladder surgeries. ER  - 
Longitudinal characterization of symptoms, healthcare resource utilization, and costs among people with thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura compared with non-thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura controls$$$ Aims: Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is an ultra-rare blood disorder, characterized by severe ADAMTS13 deficiency. Affected individuals present with potentially life-threatening acute events and may experience sub-acute and chronic TTP manifestations often resulting in long-term organ damage. Incremental symptom prevalence before, during, and after an acute event as well as healthcare resource utilization (HCRU) and costs during and after an acute event were compared between people with TTP and matched non-TTP controls. Methods: This retrospective, matched study used data from Merative MarketScan Commercial Database and Medicare Supplemental Database (from January 1, 2008, through September 30, 2021) to identify people with TTP (inpatient diagnosis for “thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA)” or “congenital TTP,” and ≥1 claim for plasma exchange or infusion). People with TTP were matched (1:2) with non-TTP controls on age, sex, geographic region, index year, and select Elixhauser comorbidities. Results: 255 people with TTP were matched with 510 non-TTP controls. Both cohorts had a mean age of 43.9 years; 71% were female. Overall, more people with TTP reported symptoms compared with non-TTP controls prior to (51% vs 43%), during (99% vs 52%), and after an acute event (85% vs 50%; p < 0.05 for all periods). Symptom prevalence decreased following an acute event compared with during an acute event, but remained high—85% of people with TTP experienced symptoms compared with 50% of non-TTP controls. HCRU and mean costs per patient per month were significantly higher in all care settings among people with TTP compared with non-TTP controls (p < 0.05). Limitations: Identification of patient populations may have been limited due to coding errors, as the data were obtained from an administrative claims database. Conclusions: TTP is associated with a substantial symptom burden and increased costs and HCRU during and up to almost a year after acute events, demonstrating the longitudinal burden of this disease. ER  - 
Spectrum of neurological manifestations, existence of diabetes mellitus, and 5-year mortality and cancer association outcomes in a cohort of Omani patients with positive anti- GAD autoimmunity$$$ Objectives: There is scarce data in the literature concerning the anti-GAD65 antibodies (GAD-Abs) autoimmunity in the Omani population. Methods: Retrospective cohort study included GAD-Abs positive patients (n = 444) presented to a tertiary referral center in Oman from January 2005 until January 2018, with a five-year follow-up to study the cancer association and mortality outcomes. Results: Out of 444 patients, 27 patients (6.1%) showed GAD-Abs related neurological disorders. Adult age group was significantly associated with more GAD-Abs related neurological manifestations compared to pediatric and adolescents age group (p = 0.045). There was no association between the presence or absence of neurological manifestations with diabetes mellitus nor the titer level of GAD-Abs. Refractory status epilepticus and stiff person syndrome were the main causes of death in patients with neurological manifestations over five years and none of them found to have associated cancer. Conclusion: The GAD-Abs autoimmunity represents a spectrum of neurological manifestations with variable severity and outcome among Omanis with positive GAD-Abs testing. The results of this study will serve as a platform for future studies to address the impact of GAD-Abs autoimmunity on the morbidity, mortality and treatment efficacy in the Omani population. ER  - 
Evaluation of sunobinop for next-day residual effects in healthy participants$$$ Sunobinop is a novel, potent, selective partial agonist at nociceptin/orphanin FQ peptide (NOP) receptors. The primary objective of this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was to assess the next-day residual effects of an evening dose of sunobinop in healthy participants. Participants were randomized into 1 of 5 treatment sequences. Treatment consisted of 1 dose each of sunobinop 0.2, 0.6, 2, and 6 mg suspension and placebo suspension. Key pharmacodynamic (PD) measures included the digit symbol substitution test (DSST), Karolinska sleepiness scale (KSS), and body sway. The randomized safety population consisted of 25 participants. The DSST, KSS, and body sway showed dose-dependent effects following the administration of sunobinop, with no significant differences versus placebo at sunobinop doses <2 mg. At sunobinop 2 mg, PD effects were relatively small in magnitude and inconsistent. The last timepoint where significant differences between sunobinop 2 mg and placebo on the DSST, KSS, and body sway were observed was at 12 h, 16.5 h, and 13.5 h postdose, respectively. Sunobinop 6 mg resulted in larger and consistent PD effects, with significant differences from placebo at all timepoints up to 16.5–18 h postdose. Somnolence was the most frequently reported adverse event (AE), and all AEs were mild-to-moderate. No deaths occurred during the study or discontinuations due to an AE. Overall, a nighttime oral dose of sunobinop up to 2 mg was safe and generally well tolerated in healthy participants with limited next-day residual effects that were consistent with other sedative/hypnotic drugs. ER  - 
A 3.5-year clinical experience with perampanel for refractory epilepsy$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of perampanel, which was used in a cohort of patients with refractory epilepsy for up to 3.5 years in a real-world setting in Saudi Arabia. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Data from the medical records of patients treated with perampanel between March 13th, 2017, and September 6th, 2020, at neurology clinics at King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre (KFSHRC), Riyadh and Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, was collected. The Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP) scale was also used to measure the adverse effects of perampanel. RESULTS: Of the 75 included patients, 66.7% responded to perampanel at the last follow-up, including 22.7% seizure-free for at least the last six months, and 44% of patients responded with a ≥ 50% reduction in seizure frequency from baseline. The overall incidence of adverse effects that led to perampanel discontinuation was 13.3%; the most common adverse effect was aggressive behavior followed by sedation. Pre-existing psychiatric comorbidity was significantly associated with the incidence of psychiatric and behavioral adverse effects on perampanel (p = 0.0206). The mean score of LEAP was 40. The most frequently rated adverse effects in LEAP were “feelings of anger and aggression to others”, “nervousness and/or agitation” and “sleepiness”. The efficacy and tolerability of perampanel were dose-dependent. Dose 6 mg/day was the most frequently used dose that was taken by about one-third of patients at their last visit. CONCLUSIONS: Perampanel was effective as an adjunctive treatment for intractable seizures, with a responder rate of 66.7%. The long-term tolerability of perampanel was generally good. Aggressive behavior was the most common reason for perampanel discontinuation. Patients should be counseled and monitored for these adverse effects, particularly those with a history of previous psychiatric and behavioral problems. ER  - 
Identification of biallelic mutations in MCM3AP and comprehensive literature analysis$$$ Background: Minichromosome maintenance complex component 3 associated protein (MCM3AP) is a gene in which mutations can result in autosomal recessive peripheral neuropathy with or without impaired intellectual development. The MCM3AP genotype-phenotype correlation and prognosis remain unclear. The aim of this study was to explore the genotype–phenotype correlations pertaining to MCM3AP. Methods: Whole-exome sequencing (WES) combined with copy number variation sequencing (CNV-seq) were performed on the genomic DNA isolated from a Chinese family, and Sanger sequencing, quantitative PCR and cDNA analyses were performed to examine the mutations. The retrospective study was conducted on 28 individuals with biallelic MCM3AP mutation-related diseases, including features such as mutations, motor development impairment, intellectual disability, weakness/atrophy, and cerebral magnetic resonance imaging abnormalities. Results: Sequencing identified novel compound heterozygous mutations in MCM3AP, namely, a paternal variant c.1_5426del (loss of exons 1–25) and a maternal splicing variant c.1858 + 3A>G. Functional studies revealed that the variant c.1858 + 3A>G resulted in the heterozygous deletion of exon 5, thereby affecting splicing functionality. Furthermore, the compound heterozygous mutation may affect the functionality of the protein domain. Retrospective analysis revealed different genotype–phenotype correlations for the pathogenic variants in biallelic MCM3AP: all individuals (100%) with mutations outside the Sac3 domain exhibited early-onset symptoms, motor developmental delays, and cognitive abnormalities, conversely, the proportions of individuals carrying mutations within the domain were 26.7% (motor delays) and 46.7% (cognitive abnormalities). Conclusion: Our findings further expand the genetic mutation spectrum of biallelic MCM3AP and highlight the genotype-phenotype associations. Additionally, we elaborate on the importance of rehabilitation intervention. ER  - 
Clinical and sociodemographic predictors of depressive symptoms in epilepsy patients in a single tertiary epilepsy center$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this cross-sectional study was to determine the frequency of depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy (PWE) in a tertiary epilepsy center and to analyse possible predictors of depression in several domains, including clinical characteristics of epilepsy and sociodemographic factors. Methods: PWE patients who visited our epilepsy clinic during the 6th month in 2020 and 2021 were enrolled in our study. To collect the data, structured scales were created for the clinical characteristics of the disease and for the sociodemographic data. All participants completed the Back Depression Inventory II (BDI-II). Univariate analysis and binary logistic regression were also conducted to identify the factors associated with depressive symptoms in PWE. Results: A total of 131 PWE were recruited for this study. It was determined that depressive symptoms were present in 51.1% of PWE. Of these, 49.25% manifested severe depressive symptoms. Approximately 18% of PWE use antidepressant medications, which is significantly less than that of PWE who are currently depressed. Univariate regression analysis revealed that female sex (p = 0.013), severe seizure frequency in the past year (p = 0.001), the use of the antiseizure medication polytherapy (p = 0.018), the presence of side effects of antiseizure medications (p = 0.001), a history of febrile seizures (p = 0.015), focal impaired awareness seizures (p = 0,051), and a combination of focal aware seizures with focal impaired awareness seizures combined with bilateral tonic‒clonic seizures (p = 0,006) may be associated with depressive symptoms in PWE patients. Binary logistic regression analysis demonstrated that side effects of antiseizure medications (OR = 3.01; 95% CI = 1.09–8.32), history of febrile seizures (OR = 3.75; 95% CI = 1.07–13.11), female sex (OR = 2.16; 95% CI = 0.984–4.73), and combination of focal aware seizures to focal impaired awareness seizures to bilateral tonic‒clonic seizures (OR = 7.32; 95% CI = 0.830–64.59) were unique, independent predictors of depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy. Conclusion: Depressive symptoms in PWE are frequent, severe, undiagnosed, and mostly untreated. The side effects of antiseizure medications, history of febrile seizures, female sex, and combination of focal awareness seizures and focal impaired awareness seizures combined with bilateral tonic‒clonic seizures are unique, independent predictors of depressive symptoms in PWE. ER  - 
Understanding social situations: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial evaluating a novel social cognitive training versus modified problem-solving training for people with psychosis$$$ Background: Psychotic spectrum disorders (PSD) are associated with poor social function. In this study, we investigate which of two different types of 2-month long training courses is more effective in improving day-to-day interactions and quality of life. Methods/design: Participants with psychotic spectrum disorders will be randomly assigned to one of two training courses. Social functioning, everyday activities, social cognition and symptoms will be assessed at multiple timepoints, including baseline, treatment midpoint, end of treatment and 2-month follow-up. One training focuses on how to make good judgments about what other people may be thinking or feeling in social situations, and why people might act in certain ways in different situations. The other training focuses on different strategies for handling everyday problems and stressors. Both trainings are done in one-on-one sessions with a research staff member. There will be 16-20 training sessions, each about 45-60 minutes long. The investigators will ask participants to attend 2 training sessions per week, so the total training time should be about 2 months. Clinical Trials Registration: PROSPERO, identifier NCT04557124. ER  - 
Speed of processing training to improve cognition in moderate to severe TBI: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Moderate to severe traumatic brain injury (TBI) often results in cognitive deficits. Processing speed (PS) deficits are common, exerting a significant impact on daily life. Few studies have examined the efficacy of cognitive rehabilitation specifically for PS deficits in moderate to severe TBI. Objective: Examine the efficacy of Speed of Processing Training (SOPT) in moderate to severe TBI. This protocol is a 10-session behavioral intervention for PS deficits that has been successfully used with other cognitively impaired populations. Methods: This double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial included 46 participants with moderate to severe TBI, 22 randomly assigned to the treatment group and 24 to the placebo-control group. Baseline and follow-up measures included a task similar to the training task (UFOV), measures of near transfer (neuropsychological measures of processing speed: Symbol Digit Modalities Test (SDMT), Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-IV (WAIS-IV) Symbol Search, WAIS-IV Coding) and measures of far transfer [neuropsychological measures of learning and memory: the California Verbal Learning Test-II (CVLT-II), Memory Assessment Scales - Prose Memory (MAS-PM)]. Results: Significant improvement from pre-to post-SOPT was observed on all subtests of the UFOV, which is similar to the training task. There was no significant difference on neuropsychological measures of PS or new learning and memory post-treatment. Neuropsychological assessment 6-months post-treatment showed no significant change in PS ability over time. Monthly booster sessions did not impact performance at the 6-month follow-up. Conclusion: Consistent with the SOPT literature, SOPT improves PS ability as measured by the UFOV, a task similar to the training task, in moderate to severe TBI. However, neither near nor far transfer was noted. That is, no improvement was noted on neuropsychological measures of PS. ER  - 
L-carnitine for valproic acid-induced toxicity$$$ Aims: Review the effectiveness and dosing of L-carnitine for valproic-acid induced toxicity. Methods: A literature review of the pharmacokinetics and clinical use of L-carnitine was performed. Results: Valproic acid is a fatty acid used for numerous therapeutic indications ranging from epilepsy to bipolar disorder. The metabolism of valproic acid produces both therapeutic and toxic metabolites. Whilst it has a good safety profile, adverse effects of valproic acid in chronic use include hepatotoxicity ranging from transient elevation of liver enzymes to fulminant liver failure and hyperammonaemia with resultant encephalopathy. L-carnitine is an essential cofactor for mitochondrial fatty acid metabolism, which is an important source of energy in cardiac and skeletal muscle. Physiological concentrations of L-carnitine are maintained in man by exogenous dietary intake and endogenous synthesis. Following exogenous oral administration of L-carnitine, the bioavailability ranges from 14% to 18%. After bolus intravenous administration of L-carnitine in doses ranging from 20 to 100 mg/kg, the volume of distribution is 0.2–0.3 L/kg, and the fraction excreted unchanged in urine is 0.73–0.95, suggesting that renal clearance of L-carnitine is dose dependent due to saturable renal reabsorption at supraphysiological concentrations. Conclusions: There is evidence supporting the use of L-carnitine in treating hyperammonaemia and hepatotoxicity following chronic therapeutic use and after acute overdose of valproic acid, but the optimal dose and route of administration is unknown. Based on the pharmacokinetics of L-carnitine, we advocate the administration of L-carnitine for valproic-acid induced hyperammonaemia or hepatotoxicity as an intravenous loading dose of 5 mg/kg followed by a continuous intravenous infusion instead of the oral or intravenous boluses that are currently advocated. ER  - 
Changes in Autism and Co-Occurring Conditions from Preschool to Adolescence: Considerations for Precision Monitoring and Treatment Planning$$$ Purpose: To describe retention of an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) diagnosis from preschool to adolescence and the most common co-occurring diagnoses among children with ASD in preschool and adolescence. A second objective was to identify co-occurring diagnoses more likely to emerge between preschool and adolescence among children with ASD vs. another developmental or mental health diagnosis in preschool. Methods: Children completed a case-control study when they were between 2 and 5 years of age. Caregivers reported their child’s diagnoses of ASD and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), any developmental delay (DD), epilepsy/seizure disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, sensory integration disorder, and speech/language disorder when the child was preschool age and, separately, during adolescence. Any anxiety and depression/mood disorder, intellectual disability (ID), and learning disability (LD) were considered only in adolescence. Results: 85.5% of preschool children retained their ASD diagnosis in adolescence. DD, sensory integration disorder, and speech-language disorder co-occurred in over 20% of preschool age children with ASD. These same conditions, along with anxiety disorders, ADHD, ID, and LD, co-occurred in over 20% of adolescents with ASD. Significantly more children with ASD vs. another developmental or mental health diagnosis in preschool gained diagnoses of ADHD, DD, sensory integration disorder, and speech-language disorder by adolescence. Conclusion: ASD is a highly stable diagnosis and co-occurring conditions are common. The prevalence of co-occurring diagnoses may depend on age, with some persisting from preschool to adolescence and others emerging over time. Health and education providers can use these findings to inform precision monitoring and treatment planning. ER  - 
Incidence and pattern of neurological emergencies in Ramadan$$$ Background: The impact of Ramadan fasting on various neurological emergencies remains relatively unexplored. This study aimed to clarify the incidence and pattern of the different neurological emergencies in Ramadan compared to Shaaban. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, all adult patients attending the emergency room at two Egyptian centers with neurological emergencies during Shaaban and Ramadan were evaluated. Clinical, laboratory, and radiological assessments were made on an individual basis upon which the diagnosis of neurological disorder was made. IBM SPSS Version 25 was used to analyze the data. Results: Seventy-twenty patients were included, 382 during Shaaban and 338 during Ramadan. Among causes of delirium, the frequency of dehydration was significantly higher, and the frequency of illicit drug abuse was significantly lower during Ramadan compared to Shaaban (P = 0.004, 0.030, respectively). The incidence of ICH was significantly reduced during Ramadan compared to Shaaban (10.8% vs 19.7%, P = 0.031). The incidence of cardioembolic strokes significantly increased during Ramadan than Shaaban (40.5% vs 26.4%, P = 0.014), whereas the incidence of small vessel disease (SVD) significantly decreased during Ramadan than Shaaban (21.6% vs. 42.1%, P < 0.001). The incidence of a single seizure was significantly higher in Ramadan than in Shaaban (69.4% vs. 34.6%, P = 0.007). The incidence of functional neurological disorders was significantly reduced in Ramadan than in Shaaban (P < 0.001). Conclusion: The incidence of delirium caused by illicit drug abuse, ICH, SVD, and functional neurological disorders declined during Ramadan, while the incidence of delirium triggered by dehydration, cardioembolic strokes, and a single seizure increased during Ramadan. ER  - 
Autoimmune encephalitis in a resource-limited public health setting: a case series analysis$$$ Background Autoimmune encephalitis (AE) consists of a group of acquired diseases that affect the central nervous system. A myriad of phenotypes may be present at the onset. Due to the heterogeneity of clinical presentations, it is difficult to achieve uniformity for the diagnostic and therapeutic processes and follow-up strategies. Objective To describe a series of patients diagnosed with AE in a resource-limited public hospital in southern Brazil and to analyze therapeutics and outcomes. Methods We retrospectively reviewed the electronic medical records of patients diagnosed with AE at the Hospital de Clínicas de Porto Alegre from 2014 to 2022. Data collected included clinical presentation, neuroimaging, cerebrospinal fluid testings, electroencephalogram, autoantibodies, treatments, outcomes, follow-up time, degree of neurological impairment, and mortality. Results Data from 17 patients were retrieved. Eleven cases were classified as definite AE and 6 as possible AE. Autoantibodies were identified in 9 patients. Timing for diagnosis was impacted by the high costs associated with autoantibody testing. Most patients became functionally dependent (82.4%) and most survivors remained with autoimmune-associated epilepsy (75%). Five patients died during hospitalization, and one after a 26-month of follow-up. Conclusion In this resource-limited hospital, patients with AE had a worse clinical outcome than that previously described in the literature. Development of epilepsy during follow-up and mortality were greater, whilst functional outcome was inferior. Autoantibody testing was initially denied in most patients, which impacted the definitive diagnosis and the use of second-line therapies. ER  - 
Efficacy of levetiracetam combined with oxcarbazepine in the treatment of adults with temporal lobe epilepsy and its impact on memory and cognitive function$$$ Objective: To explore the effect of levetiracetam combined with oxcarbazepine on the memory and cognitive function of adult patients with temporal lobe epilepsy. Methods: This retrospective analysis included 91 adult patients with temporal lobe epilepsy treated at Xianyang Hospital from June 2020 to December 2022. Based on their medication regimen, patients were categorized into an observation group (n=51) receiving levetiracetam plus oxcarbazepine and a control group (n=40) receiving only levetiracetam. Both groups underwent 3 months of continuous treatment. Therapeutic efficacy, pre- and post-treatment memory function (assessed using the Clinical Memory Scale, CMS), cognitive function (evaluated with the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-Revised in China, WAISRC), anxiety and depression levels (measured by the Hamilton Anxiety Scale, HAMA, and Hamilton Depression Scale, HAMD), as well as adverse reactions, were compared between the two groups. Independent factors influencing treatment efficacy were also analyzed. Results: CMS and WAISRC scores significantly increased in both groups after treatment (both P=0.001), with the observation group showing more significant improvements than the control group (P=0.001). The improvements in HAMA and HAMD scores in the observation group were significantly better than the control group (all P<0.001). Adverse reaction occurrence showed no significant difference between the two groups (P>0.05). Prognostic analysis identified seizure frequency and treatment regimen as independent factors influencing efficacy. Conclusion: Levetiracetam combined with oxcarbazepine effectively improves cognitive dysfunction in adults with temporal lobe epilepsy, with superior efficacy to levetiracetam alone, and good safety. ER  - 
Oral Health-Related Quality of Life among Children and Adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Objective: To assess the oral health-related quality of life (OHRQoL) of children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) through parental/caregiver perceptions. Material and Methods: Children and adolescents aged 4-18 years enrolled in an ASD center at Manaus, AM, Brazil, were assessed for dental caries by clinical examination. A trained and calibrated examiner performed all exams. The "Parental-Caregiver Perceptions Questionnaire" (PCP-Q) and the "Family Impact Scale" (FIS) were used to assess OHRQoL. Data analysis was performed using descriptive statistics and the Mann-Whitney U test. Results: Fifty-one children/adolescents of both sexes participated in the study. The mean age of patients was ten years (3.0), and most were male (76.5%). Forty-five (88.2%) mothers had more than nine years of schooling, and 28 (54.9%) earned equal to or less than two Brazilian minimum wages. The global PCP-Q score ranged from 0 to 25, with a mean value of 7.41 (6.64). The impact score values were significantly higher in individuals with caries experience in primary dentition (p<0.05). No significant differences in OHRQoL scores existed regarding family income and maternal schooling. Conclusion: According to parental/caregiver perceptions, children and adolescents with ASD had a higher impact on the PCP-Q functional limitation domain. Caries experience in primary teeth contributed to higher mean scores in all PCP-Q domains. ER  - 
Evaluating depression in Indonesian adolescents with epilepsy: Comprehensive validation and reliability assessment of the neurological disorders depression inventory-epilepsy for youth Indonesian version (NDDI-E-Y[ID])$$$ Objectives: Epilepsy is a common chronic neurological disorder in pediatrics. Depression is an often underdetected comorbidity in childhood epilepsy. This study aimed to adapt the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory-Epilepsy for Youth (NDDI-E-Y) to the Indonesian language and population, as well as to validate the Indonesian version of NDDI-E-Y (NDDI-E-Y[ID]). Methods: This three-stage study comprised instrument translation, cultural verification, and content validity testing (first stage), pilot testing (second stage), followed by concurrent validity and reliability testing (third stage) of the NDDI-E-Y(ID). Validation was done against the Centre for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale – Revised (CESD-R). Content validity, assessed by six experts, was quantified using the content validity index for items (I-CVI) and scale (S-CVI). Participants were adolescents aged 12–17 years diagnosed with any type of epilepsy who completed both instruments. Concurrent validity was evaluated using Spearman's correlation and reliability was measured using Cronbach's alpha. Results: The first stage produced a culturally appropriate NDDI-E-Y(ID). Thirty healthy adolescents and 10 adolescents with epilepsy participated in the second stage. In the third stage, another group of 30 adolescents with epilepsy took part. We obtained I-CVI and S-CVI values averaging 1. The NDDI-E-Y(ID) showed a positive and significant correlation with CESD-R (Spearman's rho = 0.671, p < 0.001). A Cronbach's alpha of 0.928 reflected a high internal consistency. Significance: Based on the results, the NDDI-E-Y(ID) was found to be a valid and reliable screening instrument for detecting depression in youth with epilepsy. Plain Language Summary: Depression is an under-recognized problem in youth with epilepsy. Currently available depression screening tools are in English, making it less suitable for detection purposes in Indonesia. This study developed and validated the Indonesian version of the NDDI-E-Y, a depression screening tool for youth with epilepsy. ER  - 
Efficacy of Levetiracetam vs Phenobarbital as First Line Therapy for the Treatment of Neonatal Seizures$$$ OBJECTIVE Seizures are one of the most common neurologic complications seen in a neonate. Historically, phenobarbital has been the agent of choice, but can lead to adverse neurologic outcomes, which has contributed to the use of other agents. Levetiracetam has proven great efficacy with an excellent safety profile in older patients, causing interest of its use in neonates. The objective of this study was to determine if levetiracetam would provide similar neonatal seizure resolution rates as phenobarbital. METHODS The study was a single-center, retrospective, cohort study from August 1, 2020 to August 31, 2022 investigating the efficacy and safety of using levetiracetam compared with phenobarbital as a first line treatment for neonatal seizures. The primary outcome was to assess overall seizure resolution after administration of levetiracetam or phenobarbital, without addition of a second antiseizure medication. RESULTS There were 87 patients included in the study. Fifteen neonates (27.78%) achieved seizure resolution with phenobarbital compared with 9 neonates (27.27%) who received levetiracetam first line (p = 0.959). Neonates who received phenobarbital had higher rates of adverse effects. Neonates who received a ben-zodiazepine prior to administration of levetiracetam had lower seizure resolution rates (p = 0.021). CONCLUSIONS These findings suggest there is no difference in using phenobarbital over levetiracetam to achieve complete seizure resolution in a neonate. Higher rates of adverse events were seen in the phenobarbital group. The use of a benzodiazepine prior to administration of levetiracetam may reduce the efficacy of levetiracetam. ABBREVIATIONS ASM, antiseizure medication; BP, blood pressure; BZD, benzodiazepine; CGA, corrected gestational age; EEG, electroencephalogram; GABA, -aminobutyric acid; HIE, hypoxic-ischemic encepha-lopathy; LEV, levetiracetam; NICU, neonatal intensive care unit; OSH, outside hospital; PB, phenobarbital; SV2A, synaptic vesicle 2A. ER  - 
Co-Occurring Mental and Physical Health Conditions Among Older Adults With and Without Post-traumatic Stress Disorder: A Case Control Study$$$ Objectives: Rates of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) among older adults range from 0.4%–4.5%. Research examining PTSD in adults has demonstrated numerous associations between physical and mental health conditions; however, these are less well characterized in older adults. The current study aimed to identify base rates of such conditions among older adults with and without a history of PTSD. Method: In a case control design using the National Alzheimer’s Coordinating Center Uniform Data Set, adults 65 years or older from the United States who endorsed either the presence or absence of PTSD were matched by age to assess between-group differences (N = 472; 236 pairs). We examined differences across self-reported sociodemographics and physical health, mental health, and substance use histories. Results: More participants with a history of PTSD identified as Hispanic, non-white, non-married, and functionally independent. Compared to individuals without a history of PTSD, significantly more individuals with a history of PTSD had histories of depression, anxiety, substance abuse, Parkinson’s disease, seizures, insomnia, and TBI. Among participants without PTSD history, only 14.7% reported a history of TBI, compared to 41.1% of individuals with PTSD history. Conclusions: Findings showed expected trends toward worse physical and mental health among older adults with self-reported PTSD. There was a striking difference in the frequency of TBI history between participants with and without PTSD. These findings underscore a need to assess for PTSD among older adults, particularly those reporting a history of TBI. ER  - 
Varicella zoster virus central nervous system infection – a retrospective study from a tertiary center in Greece$$$ Introduction Central nervous system (CNS) infection due to the varicella zoster virus (VZV) can complicate the primary infection or the reactivation, leading to significant mortality and morbidity. This study aimed to describe the clinical, laboratory, and radiological characteristics of patients with confirmed VZV CNS infection in a tertiary hospital in Greece. Methods Data about patients hospitalized from January 2018 to September 2023 with CNS infection by VZV, confirmed by a syndromic polymerase chain reaction in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), were retrospectively collected and evaluated. Results In total, 14 patients were recorded. The median age was 49 years, and 35.7% were male. Headache was present in 71.4%, a rash in 57.1%, and fevers, nausea or vomiting, and disorientation in 35.7%. The CSF showed lymphocytic pleocytosis in all patients. Brain magnetic resonance imaging was performed in 53.8%. Empirical antivirals were given in 69.2%, and intravenous acyclovir was given to all patients after identification of VZV in the CSF. Only 7.1% (1 patient) required intensive care unit admission, and 7.1% (1 patient) died. Patients presenting without a rash may be slightly younger, have a slightly lower Charlson comorbidity index, be more likely to present with photophobia or phonophobia, and have lower serum CRP. Conclusions Patients presenting with VZV CNS infection have lymphocytic pleocytosis in the CSF and usually have a favorable outcome with antiviral treatment. Those presenting without a rash may have a different overall clinical phenotype from those with a rash; however, this must be evaluated in larger studies in the future. ER  - 
Efficacy of Phenobarbital, Italept, and Topamax in the Treatment of Neonatal Seizures:A Double-Blinded Cross-Sectional Study of the Iranian Population$$$ Objectives Seizures are changes in the electrical activity of the brain. These changes can cause significant or otherwise asymptomatic symptoms. Phenobarbital and phenytoin are known drugs for treating neonatal seizures, but little clinical experience exists using other drugs. The present study aims to evaluate the efficacy of other drugs, such as Levetiracetam and Topiramate, compared to Phenobarbital in treating neonatal seizures. Materials & Methods In a double-blind clinical trial, all neonates admitted to a referral hospital for two years (2020-2022) due to seizures were included. All of the neonates were treated with a dosage of 10-40mg/kg/state IV Phenobarbital to control the acute seizure. After that, they were divided into three groups with specific treatment programs. Groups were ordered with oral Phenobarbital 5mg/kg/day maintenance (first group), oral Topiramate 3-8mg/kg/day (second group), and 10-40mg/kg/day Levetiracetam (third group). Seizures and potential side effects were investigated through interviews and medical EEG tests. The data was analyzed using the Chi-square test. Results Sixty infants (20 neonates in each group) were studied. Phenobarbital, Italept, and Topiramate did not significantly differ in controlling convulsions and changes related to brain paroxysmal discharges. Conclusion Due to the long treatment duration and side effects, it is essential to choose the appropriate drug for treating treatment-resistant seizures of neonates. The present study found that Phenobarbital, Levetiracetam, and Topiramate are equally effective in controlling seizures. These medications can also help eliminate abnormalities in children’s brain paroxysmal. ER  - 
Comparative safety analysis of lacosamide and perampanel in epilepsy management: insights from FAERS database$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a chronic neurological condition requiring effective management with minimal adverse effects. Lacosamide (LCM) and Perampanel (PER), two promising treatments, have distinct profiles that merit comparative analysis to guide clinical decision-making. Methods: This study utilizes a pharmacovigilance analysis of adverse events reported in the FDA Adverse Event Reporting System database from Q1 2009 to Q3 2023. Employing disproportionality and Bayesian analyses, we assessed and compared the AE signals associated with LCM and PER to elucidate their safety profiles in epilepsy treatment. Results: The analysis included 12,576 AE reports for LCM and 2,703 for PER, highlighting a higher incidence of psychiatric disorders, including aggression with LCM, and a notable association of PER with psychiatric disorders such as psychotic disorders and dizziness. LCM showed a relatively safe profile during pregnancy, whereas PER’s data suggested caution due to reported cases of suicidal ideation and attempts. Conclusion: This comprehensive evaluation underscores the importance of understanding the distinct AE profiles of LCM and PER in clinical practice, providing valuable insights for personalized epilepsy management. Future research with rigorous prospective designs is recommended to validate these findings and explore the mechanisms underlying the reported adverse events. ER  - 
Impact of sacubitril/valsartan on atrial fibrillation burden in heart failure: a retrospective observational study$$$ Background: Sacubitril/valsartan (an angiotensin receptor-neprilysin inhibitors [ARNI]) might improve atrial fibrillation (AF) condition, but its added value remains controversial. Aim: We aimed to analyse the effect of ARNI on AF burden. Method: We conducted a single-centre, retrospective self-controlled study in a tertiary centre. Data were retrieved from January 2019–January 2023. All cardiac resynchronisation therapy-implantable cardioverter defibrillator (CRT-D) carriers on ARNI were included if implantation had been at least 3 months before drug initiation. Proarrhythmic events, equal time length control (before ARNI initiation), and exposure (after ARNI initiation) periods were defined. Echocardiographic data were retrieved if they were up to 1 year old before ARNI initiation and if they were available 3 months to 1 year after initiation. AF burden was defined by frequency and median value of paroxysmal events and the overall variation in AF status was determined. Ethical approval was granted by the Ethics Committee of the Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra (Reference no: PI OBS.SF.174-2022) and the study conforms with the Declaration of Helsinki. Results: Seventy-two patients were included in the study (73.3% men). After ARNI, there was a reduction in New York Heart Association functional class ± standard deviation (2.00 ± 0.75 to 1.85 ± 0.61, p = 0.043) and an increase in left ventricular ejection fraction ± standard deviation (from 31.67% ± 9.28% vs 37.33% ± 14.49%, p = 0.027). Before ARNI initiation, 34 patients did not have AF, 19 had paroxysmal AF, 15 had permanent AF, and 2 had persistent AF. The total amount of AF episodes (91 vs 44, p = 0.808) and median paroxysmal episodes (among those with paroxysmal AF or no AF) (5 vs 3, p = 0.121) were numerically reduced after ARNI initiation, though variation was not statistically significant. No differences were found as well regarding ventricular arrhythmias or device therapies. Conclusion: ARNI did not significantly decrease the number of AF paroxysmal episodes or median number of paroxysmal events per patient. Even though ARNI may have a positive impact on AF burden of heart failure patients, larger studies are needed to provide unequivocal evidence. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of substance use disorders elderly patients: A look at a Swiss psychogeriatric inpatient unit$$$ Background: Historically, even if Substance Use Disorder (SUD) is more common in young people, the number of older adults with SUD is growing for many reasons, among which the ageing of the ‘baby boomer’ generation, who reported higher rates of substance abuse than previous ones and due to the higher life expectancy. Regarding cognitive impairment, alcoholism has been associated with direct and indirect neurotoxic effects with chronic structural and functional brain damage. Data regarding the US population showed at least one opioid prescription in 2017, and opioid prescriptions were highest (26.8%) in the older age group (≥65 years). Recent systematic reviews conducted on randomised clinical trials confirmed an excess benzodiazepine prescription among older adults for what scientific evidence suggests is appropriate. Our research group is studying the consequences of substance use in the degenerative processes of the elderly, wondering if the use of substances accelerates the processes of neurodegeneration and aggravates their clinical condition. Methods. This is an observational, non-interventional study based on a single evaluation of older adults (age ≥ 65 years) admitted in 2022 to the Psychogeriatric Unit of the Cantonal Psychiatric Clinic of Mendrisio (Switzerland). All the data were extracted retrospectively from electronic medical records, including routine clinical data. 59 patients were using substances, whereas 212 were not. Results. SUD subjects were predominantly males and younger, with higher hospitalisation rates in a voluntary regimen. Conclusions. Substance users are younger when they require hospitalisation for geriatric problems, in which neurodegeneration is prevalent. This fact pushes us to continue our research in the field. ER  - 
Health utilities of patients with epilepsy in a Canadian population$$$ Objective: Health state utilities are required to obtain quality adjusted life years, a common metric that informs clinical decision-making at individual, group, and health policy levels. Health state utilities are different from health-related quality of life, and their distribution across patients with epilepsy, as well as the factors that impact them, have not been studied in depth. We aimed to describe the distribution of health state utilities in people with epilepsy and the impact of different combinations of clinical and demographic factors on health state evaluation. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of patients' data prospectively collected in the Calgary Comprehensive Epilepsy Program registry. Patient-reported health state utilities were measured using the 5-level EuroQol 5-Dimension scale (EQ-5D-5L) completed at their initial assessment. EQ-5D-5L index scores were derived via the time trade-off approach based on Canadian norms, and their distribution across different health states and patient characteristics was obtained. The Tobit regression model was used to evaluate the determinants of EQ-5D-5L index scores. Results: Of 1446 patients included in this analysis, 724 (50.5%) were female. The median (interquartile range) Canada-normed EQ-5D-5L index score was.87 (.71–.91). Patients with significantly lower health utilities were more likely to be female (p =.008), to be older (p =.034), to be unmarried (p =.013), to have failed to achieve 1-year seizure freedom (p <.001), to have no postsecondary education (p =.028), to be depressed (p <.001), to have antiseizure medication side effects (p =.001), to be unemployed (p <.001), and to be unable to drive (p <.001). A look-up table of health utilities based on combinations of clinical–demographic characteristics was produced. Significance: Health utility estimates for combinations of different health states in people with epilepsy attending specialty clinics are now available. These can help guide clinical decision-making in routine clinical practice, economic evaluations of treatment interventions, and health care policies. ER  - 
Tinnitus prevalence and associated risk factors among university students: A cross-sectional study$$$ Introduction: Tinnitus is a common medical condition that affects an individual’s quality of life. It affects 5%–43% of the global population. Only a few research studies have been conducted in Palestine, so knowledge of tinnitus prevalence and risk factors is limited. The purpose of this study was to determine tinnitus prevalence and risk factors among young university students in Palestine. Methods: A cross-sectional study of Palestinian university students was done utilizing an online self-administered questionnaire. The questionnaire for the study was developed using the European School for Interdisciplinary Tinnitus Research-Screening Questionnaire. A logistic regression analysis of the associations between tinnitus and influencing factors was performed to determine the effects of various clinically relevant variables on the likelihood of experiencing tinnitus. Results: A total of 728 participants responded to the questionnaire aged 20.0 ± 2.0. The overall prevalence of tinnitus was 31%. Having a relative with tinnitus, gastroesophageal reflux, depression and anxiety, hearing difficulties, vertigo, tympanic membrane perforation, chronic otitis, acoustic trauma, head and neck radiotherapy, dental surgery, ear surgery, ear pain, headache, neck pain, temporomandibular joint pain, balance disorders, and nasal septal deviation were significantly associated with tinnitus. The logistic regression analysis showed that suffering from frequent vertigo (at least once per year), from slight hearing difficulty, temporomandibular joint pain, performing ear surgery, and having depression and anxiety is associated with an increased risk of having tinnitus. Conclusions: The current study concluded that tinnitus is common among Palestinian university students. Furthermore, the study identified several major risk factors for tinnitus. It is critical to explore the possibly modifiable risk factors for tinnitus in order to have a better understanding of the condition and eventually minimize its prevalence. ER  - 
„Ми з Вами” (We Stand with You) – saving child war refugees from Ukraine by haematopoietic stem cell transplantation and chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy in Poland$$$ Introduction: The devastation of hospitals and the severing of international links has made paediatric haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) in Ukraine impossible. The aim of our study was to present the activity of Polish paediatric bone marrow transplant units in saving the lives of child war refugees. Material and methods: The data collected from 6 units on the treatment of child war refugees from Ukraine with HSCT were analysed. Results: From 24 February 2022 up to the end of 2022, 18 children from Ukraine underwent HSCT and one received chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapy. This project was possible due to great organisational support from non-governmental organisations (NGOs), international cooperation (“SAFER Ukraine” enterprise), and financial coverage by the Polish national insurance system. Twelve patients were treated in Wrocław, 3 in Lublin, 2 in Bydgoszcz, one in Poznań, and one in Kraków. The group consisted of 10 boys and 9 girls, aged 1.3–17.9 years, 16 of whom suffered from haematological malignancy (acute lymphoblastic leukaemia n = 9, acute myeloblastic leukaemia n = 5, juvenile myelomonocytic leukaemia n = 2) and 3 from non-neoplastic disease (severe aplastic anaemia n = 2 and severe combined immunodeficiency syndrome n = 1). Despite poor preparation, numerous pre-existing comorbidities, a high rate of acute complications, and long hospital stays, the overall results were satisfactory. Only 2 patients (10%) died during the first 100 days after transplantation, both due to severe infection. The total number of allogeneic-HSCTs performed in Poland on Ukrainian children during wartime was not substantially lower than in previous years in their home country. Moreover, this specific war situation allowed the prescribing of CAR-T therapy to one of the first paediatric patients from this country. Conclusions: Saving the lives of seriously ill child war refugees with the use of HSCT and CAR-T therapy is effective provided that all entities responsible for it cooperate in a coordinated manner and support the activities of NGOs. ER  - 
Altered sense of agency in schizophrenia: the aberrant effect of cardiac interoceptive signals$$$ Background: Schizophrenia (SZ) is characterized by abnormalities in self-representation, including a disturbed sense of agency (SoA). The continuous processing of sensory information concerning the internal state of the body (interoception) is argued to be fundamental to neural representations of the self. We, therefore, tested if aberrant interoception underpins disturbances in SoA in SZ, focusing on cardiac interoceptive signaling. Methods: Forty-two SZ and 29 non-clinical participants (healthy controls; HC) performed an intentional binding task to measure SoA during concurrent heartbeat recording. The effect of cardiac interoceptive signals on SoA was measured by the difference in intentional binding effect during systole and diastole. This measure was standardized based on the overall intentional binding effect to control for non-cardiac factors, and then compared between SZ and HC. Results: Our study revealed a significant difference between SZ and HC groups, with opposite effects of cardiac systole on SoA. Specifically, cardiac systole disrupted SoA in SZ, contrasting with the enhanced SoA in HC. Across the SZ group, the extent to which SoA was disrupted by cardiac systole correlated significantly with a clinical proxy for symptom instability, namely the number of hospital admissions for hallucinations and delusions. Furthermore, the disruption was particularly observed in patients with severe hallucinations. Conclusions: This study revealed a disturbance in the impact of cardiac interoceptive signals on an implicit index of SoA in schizophrenia. This supports the notion that pathophysiological disruption of the central integration of interoceptive information increases vulnerability to disturbances in self-representation and the associated expression of schizophrenic symptoms. ER  - 
Clinical and Laboratory Characteristics, Diagnosis, and Treatment of Patients with Neurosyphilis in Emergency Department: A Retrospective Study of 12 Patients$$$ Purpose: Syphilis, caused by Treponema pallidum, presents a diagnostic challenge due to its diverse clinical manifestations. Neurosyphilis has seen a resurgence in recent years, particularly among men who have sex with men and those living with HIV. Diagnosis of neurosyphilis in emergency settings is challenging due to its varied neurological presentations. This study aims to serve as a reference for dermatologists and neurologists in diagnosing and treating neurosyphilis. Patients and Methods: This retrospective study analyzed patients who presented with neuropsychiatric symptoms and were ultimately diagnosed with neurosyphilis. These patients were collected from the emergency department in Peking Union Medical College Hospital between January 2018 and November 2023. The medical history, clinical symptoms, laboratory examinations, cranial MRI characteristics, and treatment regimens of these patients were investigated. Results: Among the included 12 neurosyphilis patients, memory deterioration was observed in 8 out of the 12 neurosyphilis patients. Diagnosis often resulted in delays, with misdiagnoses mainly including Alzheimer’s disease, stroke, and epilepsy. Neuroimaging revealed various abnormalities, predominantly affecting ventricular and temporal regions. Treatment with penicillin-based regimens varied in compliance, with only a minority of patients adhering to guidelines. Treatment outcomes were inconsistent, with some patients experiencing irreversible neurological damage and fluctuating serum rapid plasma reagin (RPR) titers. Conclusion: Diagnosis of neurosyphilis in the emergency department remains challenging, necessitating awareness of its varied neurological presentations. Enhanced diagnostic strategies are imperative to accelerate treatment initiation and improve outcomes for affected individuals. ER  - 
Feasibility, acceptability, and fidelity of remote-delivered abbreviated mindfulness-based cognitive therapy interventions for patients with migraine and depressive symptoms$$$ Objective: This study was an open-label single-arm clinical trial evaluating the fidelity, feasibility, acceptability, and clinical signal of abbreviated mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT-brief) delivered either via telephone (MBCT-T) or by video conferencing (MBCT-V) for people with migraine and comorbid depressive symptoms. Background: Migraine is commonly comorbid with elevated depressive symptoms. MBCT reduces depressive symptoms and shows promise to reduce migraine-related disability. An abbreviated and remotely delivered version of MBCT could increase access to care. Methods: People with migraine and elevated depressive symptoms were recruited from a large urban health system. Participants were assigned in blocks of eight to receive an evidence-based MBCT-brief treatment, including eight weekly group classes and home practice delivered via telephone (MBCT-T) or video (MBCT-V); MBCT-T was randomly selected for the first block. Sessions were recorded and coded for treatment fidelity. Feasibility was assessed via session attendance (primary), homework completion, recruitment rate, and survey completion rate. Acceptability was assessed via the eight-item Client Satisfaction Questionnaire (CSQ-8; primary), the Credibility/Expectancy Questionnaire (CEQ), the System Usability Scale (SUS), and items assessing survey acceptability. Participants completed the Headache Disability Inventory (HDI) and Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self Report 16-item (QIDS-SR16) at baseline, mid-treatment, and post-treatment. Feasibility and acceptability rates were compared to a priori benchmarks. Results: Participants (n = 16) were all female with a mean (standard deviation [SD]) age of 45 (13) years, the majority of whom identified as White (13/16, 81%) and non-Hispanic (14/16, 88%). The intervention met the a priori criteria set for therapist fidelity to treatment protocol (mean [SD] MBCT-Treatment Acceptability and Competence Scale Adherence score 2.9 [0.2]), feasibility (mean [SD] session attendance was 7.9/8 [0.3]), and acceptability (mean [SD] CSQ-8 score 28.8 [3.3]) for the entire sample and for each treatment arm. The usability of the remote-delivery system was high across study participants (mean [SD] SUS score 84.8 [11.0]). Survey procedures were broadly deemed acceptable, with at least 80% participants either endorsing “Agree” or “Strongly Agree” across all items. Using Wilcoxon tests, we observed significant reductions in both the HDI (pre-treatment median [interquartile range] score 63 [40, 70] vs. post-treatment 36 [26, 54], p = 0.004) and the QIDS-SR16 (pre-treatment median [interquartile range] score 8 [5, 13] vs. post-treatment 4 [3, 6], p = 0.003). Conclusion: We found that remotely delivered MBCT-brief for migraine and depressive symptoms was feasible and acceptable to patients in both the telephone and video modalities. Intervention was associated with significant post-treatment reductions in headache-related disability and depressive symptomatology, findings that must be interpreted cautiously in the absence of a control group. ER  - 
The Prevalence of Depressive Symptoms in Patients with Idiopathic Parkinson’s Disease: Cross-Sectional Study from Somalia$$$ Introduction: Depression is one of the most common non-motor symptom of Parkinson’s disease (PD), with an increasing prevalence in recent years. It causes significant psychological consequences that affect the disease course, overall quality of life, and functioning. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of depression in outpatients with Parkinson’s disease evaluated in the neurology clinic at tertiary hospital in Mogadishu, Somalia. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 50 PD patients without dementia to determine the prevalence of depression at the neurology clinic of the Mogadishu Somalia Türkiye Training and Research Hospital between February and November 2022. All eligible participants were interviewed by a team of doctors using a structured questionnaire that consisted of sociodemographics and clinical characteristics, the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) for depression assessment, and the Modified Hoehn and Yahr Scale for PD staging. Results: Of the 50 PD participants, 60% were male and 58% were older than 60 years. 20% of them had a family history of PD and HTN as comorbid conditions. The prevalence of depression among the participants was 46% (95% CI 31.8–60.7). Of the patients with depression, 22% and 24% had mild and moderate depressive symptoms, respectively. The Mann–Whitney U-test revealed a statistically significant association between depression symptoms and the presence of comorbidity (χ2 = 136.50, p<0.01). The Kruskal–Wallis test revealed a statistically significant association between depression symptoms and a longer duration of PD (χ2 (2) = 18.21, p<0.01) and advanced stages of PD (χ2 (2) = 13.74, p<0.01). Conclusion: This is the first study conducted on patients with PD in Somalia and found that a significant proportion of these patients experienced depressive symptoms. We also highlighted that factors such the presence of medical comorbidities, high monthly income, advanced PD stage, longer duration of PD, and use of multiple medications for PD were significantly associated with the presence of depressive symptoms. ER  - 
Association between hallucinations and sensory processing difficulties in children and adolescents$$$ Introduction: Hallucinations are serious symptoms that can lead to high levels of distress, functional impairment, and increased risk of suicide in both adults and children. However, their etiology and treatment remain unclear. Hallucinations and sensory processing difficulties (SPDs) are associated with various psychiatric disorders, including mood, anxiety, and post-traumatic stress disorder. This study aimed to investigate the potential association between hallucinations and SPDs in a pediatric population. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study with 335 children aged 6–18 years who visited the child psychiatry outpatient clinic at Osaka Metropolitan University Hospital between April 2020 and March 2023 and continued treatment for at least three months. After excluding those with intellectual disabilities or uncontrolled epilepsy, 304 participants were included in the analyses. The presence of hallucinations was assessed through interviews with the children and their parents. SPDs were evaluated using the Short Sensory Profile. Binomial logistic regression analysis was conducted to assess the association between hallucinations and SPDs, adjusting for age, sex, autism spectrum disorder, socioeconomic difficulties (low-income, single-parent households), and the presence of mood and anxiety disorders. Results: Hallucinations were present in 64 children (21%). Logistic regression analysis showed a significant positive association between SPDs and hallucinations, even after adjusting for age, sex, autism spectrum disorder, socioeconomic difficulties, and the presence of mood and anxiety disorders (odds ratio, 1.02; 95% CI, 1.008–1.036; p = 0.002). Conclusion: The results of this study suggest a potential association between hallucinations and SPDs in pediatric patients. Further prospective studies are needed to explore the causal relationship between these factors and determine whether interventions for SPDs can alleviate hallucinations in children. ER  - 
Effectiveness of antipsychotic drug therapy for treating psychosis in people with epilepsy: A systematic review$$$ Individuals with epilepsy are at risk of developing preictal, ictal, postictal and interictal psychoses. Antipsychotic drugs (APDs) are the main class of drugs used to treat psychosis and schizophrenia. The efficacy and safety of APDs as a treatment for epileptic psychosis is not well understood. This systematic review aimed to assess the effectiveness and adverse effects of APDs for treating psychosis in people with epilepsy. We adhered to the PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guidelines. We searched MEDLINE, Embase, PsycInfo, and AMED (Allied and Complementary Medicine) from database inception to June 20, 2023. We contacted experts in the field and performed citation searches to identify additional records. Title, abstract, full-text review, and data analysis were conducted in duplicate, with conflicts resolved by discussion among authors. Given the considerable heterogeneity of study designs, meta-analysis was not deemed appropriate; instead, the results were tabulated in a narrative synthesis. The Joanna Briggs Institute Risk of Bias tool and GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation) framework were used to assess study quality. We identified 13 studies with a total of 1180 participants. In the four case series included, the psychotic symptoms of 25 of 28 patients treated with APDs partially improved or fully resolved. Three of the four cohort studies reported an association between antipsychotic use and longer duration of psychotic episodes, two found similar results in both APD and non-APD groups, and two did not report control psychosis outcomes. When reported, seizure frequency was observed to remain unchanged or decrease following APD treatment. The evidence on the effectiveness of antipsychotics in the treatment of psychosis in epilepsy is inconclusive and may reflect confounding by indication. However, most studies suggest that antipsychotics were not associated with a marked worsening in seizure frequency. It remains unclear whether antipsychotics should be used in epilepsy, and well-controlled cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are necessary to draw definitive conclusions. ER  - 
Magnetic Seizure Therapy vs Modified Electroconvulsive Therapy in Patients With Bipolar Mania A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ IMPORTANCE Bipolar mania is a common disabling illness. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for patients with severe mania, though it is limited by the risk of cognitive adverse effects. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) as an alternative treatment to ECT for bipolar mania has not yet been reported. OBJECTIVE To compare the effectiveness and cognitive adverse effects of MST and ECT in bipolar mania. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS This randomized clinical trial was conducted at the Shanghai Mental Health Center from July 1, 2017, through April 26, 2021. Forty-eight patients with bipolar mania were recruited and randomly allocated to receive MST or ECT. The data analysis was performed from June 5, 2021, through August 30, 2023. INTERVENTIONS Patients completed 2 or 3 sessions of MST or ECT per week for a total of 8 to 10 sessions. The MST was delivered at 100% device output with a frequency of 75 Hz over the vertex. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The primary outcomes were reduction of total Young Manic Rating Scale (YMRS) score and response rate (more than 50% reduction of the total YMRS score compared with baseline). An intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis and repeated-measures analyses of variance were conducted for the primary outcomes. RESULTS Twenty patients in the ECT group (mean [SD] age, 31.6 [8.6] years; 12 male [60.0%]) and 22 patients in the MST group (mean [SD] age, 34.8 [9.8] years; 15 male [68.2%]) were included in the ITT analysis. The response rates were 95.0% (95% CI, 85.4%-100%) in the ECT group and 86.4% (95% CI, 72.1%-100%) in the MST group. The YMRS reduction rate (z = −0.82; 95% CI, −0.05 to 0.10; P = .41) and response rate (χ2 = 0.18; 95% CI, −0.13 to 0.31; P = .67) were not significantly different between the groups. The time-by-group interaction was significant for the language domain (F1,24 = 7.17; P = .01), which was well preserved in patients receiving MST but worsened in patients receiving ECT. No serious adverse effects were reported in either group. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE These findings suggest that MST is associated with a high response rate and fewer cognitive impairments in bipolar mania and that it might be an alternative therapy for the treatment of bipolar mania. ER  - 
Anti-GABAB receptor encephalitis: clinical and laboratory characteristics, imaging, treatments and prognosis$$$ Introduction: Anti-GABABR encephalitis is a rare disease reported to be often associated with tumors. The current study aims to summarize the clinical characteristics, imaging features, treatments, outcomes and explore the potential prognosis risk factors of patients with anti-GABABR encephalitis. Methods: Patients tested positive for anti-GABABR were retrospective studied from a single medical center in China over a period of 3 years. They were followed up for a maximum period of 18 months. Clinical data were summarized and prognostic factors including demographic characteristics, laboratory tests, and neurological functions were compared between survived and deceased patients at 18 months follow-up. Results: Twenty-six patients, 10 females (38.5%) and 16 males (61.5%), diagnosed with anti-GABABR encephalitis were studied. The median age was 58 years. Of the 23 cases with complete clinical data, their main manifestations were epileptic seizures (65%), mental and behavioral abnormalities (52%), and cognitive impairment (48%). 7 (30.4%) cases had tumors: 5 small cell lung cancer (SCLC), 1 rectum adenocarcinoma (moderately differentiated) and 1 esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. MRI showed 5 (22%) cases had T2 FLAIR increased signals in cortex but with different regions affected. One of the two patients scanned for PET-CT showed hypermetabolism in the left temporal lobe region. The disease course ranged from 5 days to 3 years. 2 patients (one had esophageal carcinoma) without immunotherapy and 3 patients (one had SCLC) that did not response to immunotherapy died soon after diagnosis. 18 patients improved after immunotherapy while 3 (all had SCLC) died after relapses. The prevalence of epileptic seizures and malignancies was significantly lower in the survival group than in the deceased group at 18-months follow-up, the same as the admission mRs score. Serum fibrinogen, cerebrospinal fluid immunoglobulin G quotient, and 24-hour intrathecal synthesis rate were significantly lower in the survival groups as well. Conclusions: Cortex T2 FLAIR abnormalities were only observed in a small proportion of anti-GABABR encephalitis patients with heterogeneous MRI phenotypes. High mRS score at admission, epileptic seizures and the presence of a tumor indicated a poor prognosis, while the underlying mechanism of the later two factors should be investigated further. ER  - 
Genetic investigation and diagnosis in adults with congenital heart disease with or without structural or neurodevelopmental comorbidity: a retrospective chart review$$$ Introduction: Genetic evaluation is indicated for individuals with congenital heart disease (CHD), especially if extracardiac anomalies are also present. Timely recognition of genetic diagnoses can facilitate medical management and as well as provide assessment of reproductive risk. At least 20% of the pediatric population with CHD has a syndrome or genetic diagnosis. Further, at least 30% have extracardiac congenital malformations and/or neurodevelopmental differences (NDD), and this is known to increase the likelihood of a genetic/syndromic diagnosis. However, little is known regarding whether these statistics also apply to the current population of adults living with CHD, many of whom were born prior to currently available genetic testing. Methods: The primary aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of documented genetic and syndromic diagnoses in a cohort of adults with CHD followed by a dedicated adult CHD (ACHD) clinic. The secondary aims were to describe genetic testing and genetic referral patterns in this population and identify the presence of extracardiac comorbidities which are known to be indicative of an underlying genetic diagnosis in the pediatric CHD population. To answer these questions, we performed a retrospective chart review on a sample of adults with CHD (excluding those with isolated bicuspid aortic valve) seen at Cincinnati Children’s Hospital in the ACHD clinic between 2010–2021. Results: Among 233 adult CHD patients, 36 (14%) had a documented genetic or syndromic diagnosis but only 29 (13.7%) had received genetic testing, while 27 (11.6%) had received genetic referrals. Furthermore, of 170 patients without any documented genetics related care (defined as genetic testing, genetic referrals, or genetic diagnosis), 35 (20%) had at least one congenital and/or neurodevelopmental comorbidity. Factors associated with individuals having received genetics related care included younger age (<40), male sex, and presence of extracardiac comorbidities. Discussion: Our results indicate important gaps in genetics-related care for adults living with CHD. The subset of our cohort with congenital and/or neurodevelopmental comorbidities who received no genetic-related care, represent a population of adults with CHD who may have unrecognized genetic diagnoses. ER  - 
Reduced serum neurotrophic factors and monoamine neurotransmitters in epilepsy patients with comorbid depression$$$ Objective: This study aimed to investigate the roles of neurotrophic factors (NTFs), monoamine neurotransmitters, and inflammatory processes in the pathophysiology of the comorbidity of epilepsy and depression. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted with 57 epilepsy patients (PWE), 50 patients with epilepsy and comorbid depression (PWECD), and 47 healthy controls (HC) admitted between June 2020 and June 2024. Serum levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), glial-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF), 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT), norepinephrine (NE), dopamine (DA), interleukin-1β (IL-1β), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Additionally, BDNF and GDNF levels in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) samples were analyzed from selected patients in the PWE and PWECD groups. Results: Serum BDNF levels were significantly lower in both PWE and PWECD groups compared to HC, while no differences between the former two groups. GDNF levels were lower in PWECD compared to HC, but not between PWE and HC. Serum 5-HT was significantly reduced in PWECD compared to both HC and PWE groups. No significant differences were observed in serum DA, NE, and IL-6 levels across the groups. Serum IL-1β levels were elevated in the PWECD group compared to the HC group. The Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS) score negatively correlated with serum 5-HT and GDNF levels. In terms of predictive ability, serum BDNF demonstrated higher accuracy for the diagnosis of epilepsy [area under the curve, AUC = 0.701, 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) 0.601 ~ 0.801], while serum 5-HT was the best marker for predicting the development of depression in epilepsy patients (AUC = 0.727, 95% CI 0.632 ~ 0.821). No significant correlation was found between serum and CSF BDNF levels within the same subject (r = 0.155; p = 0.221; Spearman correlation), and CSF GDNF levels were too low to be clinically informative. Conclusion: The findings suggest the involvement of NTFs, monoamine neurotransmitters, and inflammatory processes in the pathogenesis of epilepsy and depression. Decreased serum BDNF levels correlate with epilepsy but not necessarily with comorbid depression, while serum GDNF and 5-HT show potential clinical value in diagnosing this comorbidity. However, the deficient levels of NTFs in CSF suggest a need for more sensitive detection methods. ER  - 
Exploring the impact of stimulant medications on weight in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in Dubai, United Arab Emirates$$$ Objective: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), prevalent in 5% of children worldwide, impacts academic performance and often coexists with psychiatric disorders. Psychostimulant medications are primary treatments for ADHD, enhancing dopamine to reduce symptoms. However, dopamine increase may cause appetite loss. This pioneering study in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) explores psychostimulant effects on weight in children diagnosed with ADHD, aiming to uncover unique regional characteristics and contributing factors to weight changes. Methods: This retrospective cohort study assessed data from electronic medical records from 2017 to 2022, aiming to assess the impact of psychostimulants on weight in children aged 6–18 years. Inclusion criteria covered psychostimulant-treated and untreated patients with ADHD. Statistical analysis, involving longitudinal data methods aimed to demonstrate significant weight differences. Results: Data from 107 pediatric patients diagnosed with ADHD were analyzed, with 86 meeting inclusion criteria. Most patients were male (80.2%). ADHD presentations varied, and methylphenidate immediate release was the most prescribed stimulant medication. Patients experienced initial weight loss followed by overall gain over 12 months. Coexisting conditions, maternal factors, family history, and correlations with autism spectrum disorder were explored. Conclusion: This study provides valuable insights into the effects of psychostimulant medications on the weight of children and adolescents diagnosed with ADHD in the UAE. It suggests avenues for future research, emphasizing extended follow-ups to understand long-term psychostimulant effects, nuanced examinations of age and gender, and exploring interactions with comorbidities. Despite limitations, the research provides insights into ADHD medication effects, guiding personalized treatment approaches for pediatric populations. ER  - 
Bipolar and Laplacian montages are suitable for high-gamma modulation language mapping with stereoelectroencephalography$$$ Objective: To determine the optimal montage and vocalization conditions for high-gamma language mapping using stereoelectroencephalography. Methods: We studied 12 epilepsy patients who underwent invasive monitoring with depth electrodes and measurement of auditory-naming related high-gamma modulations. We determined the effects of electrode montage and vocalization conditions of the response on the high-gamma (60–140 Hz) amplitudes. Results: Compared to common average reference montage, bipolar and Laplacian montages effectively reduced the degree of auditory naming-related signal deflections in the white matter during the stimulus and response phases (mixed model estimate: −21.2 to −85.4%; p < 0.001), while maintaining those at the cortical level (−4.4 to +7.8%; p = 0.614 to 0.085). They also reduced signal deflections outside the brain parenchyma during the response phase (−90.6 to −91.2%; p < 0.001). Covert responses reduced signal deflections outside the brain parenchyma during the response phase (−17.0%; p = 0.010). Conclusion: On depth electrode recording, bipolar and Laplacian montages are suitable for measuring auditory naming-related high-gamma modulations in gray matter. The covert response may highlight the gray matter activity. Significance: This study helps establish the practical guidelines for high-gamma language mapping using stereoelectroencephalography. ER  - 
Distinct comorbidity phenotypes among post-9/11 Veterans with epilepsy are linked to diverging outcomes and mortality risks$$$ Objective: To investigate phenotypes of comorbidity before and after an epilepsy diagnosis in a national cohort of post-9/11 Service Members and Veterans and explore phenotypic associations with mortality. Methods: Among a longitudinal cohort of Service Members and Veterans receiving care in the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) from 2002 to 2018, annual diagnoses for 26 conditions associated with epilepsy were collected over 5 years, ranging from 2 years prior to 2 years after the year of first epilepsy diagnosis. Latent class analysis (LCA) was used to identify probabilistic comorbidity phenotypes with distinct health trajectories. Descriptive statistics were used to describe the characteristics of each phenotype. Fine and Gray cause-specific survival models were used to measure mortality outcomes for each phenotype up to 2021. Results: Six distinct phenotypes were identified: (1) relatively healthy, (2) post-traumatic stress disorder, (3) anxiety and depression, (4) chronic disease, (5) bipolar/substance use disorder, and (6) polytrauma. Accidents were the most common cause of death overall, followed by suicide/mental health and cancer, respectively. Each phenotype exhibited unique associations with mortality and cause of death, highlighting the differential impact of comorbidity patterns on patient outcomes. Significance: By delineating clinically meaningful epilepsy comorbidity phenotypes, this study offers a framework for clinicians to tailor interventions. Moreover, these data support systems of care that facilitate treatment of epilepsy and comorbidities within an interdisciplinary health team that allows continuity of care. Targeting treatment toward patients with epilepsy who present with specific heightened risks could help mitigate adverse outcomes and enhance overall patient care. ER  - 
Prevalence of multimorbidity in survivors of 28 cancer sites: an English nationwide cross-sectional study$$$ Multimorbidity, the presence of a chronic condition in addition to cancer, is of particular importance to cancer survivors. It has an impact on the progression, stage at diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of cancer patients. Evidence is scarce on the prevalence of specific comorbidities in survivors of different cancers to inform prevention and management of multimorbidity. The objective of this study is to address this evidence gap by using large scale electronic health data from multiple linked UK healthcare databases to examine the prevalence of multimorbidity in 28 cancer sites. For this population-based cross-sectional study, we linked primary and secondary healthcare data from the UK Clinical Research Practice Datalink (CPRD) GOLD dataset and Hospital Episode Statistics (HES). We identified survivors of 28 common cancers aged 18 years or older at diagnosis who survived 2 years of cancer and compared their multimorbidity with matched controls without a history of cancer. To compare prevalence of individual comorbidity, multivariable logistic regression models, adjusted for confounding factors were used. Between January 1, 2010 and December 31, 2020, we identified 347,028 cancer survivors and 804,299 controls matched on age, sex and general practice. Cancer survivors had a higher prevalence of multimorbidity compared to non-cancer controls across all the cancer sites. Hypertension (56.2%), painful conditions (39.8%), osteoarthritis (38.0%), depression (31.8%) and constipation (31.4%) were the five most frequent chronic conditions reported. Compared to the controls, higher odds of constipation were found in survivors of 25 of the 28 cancer sites and higher odds of anaemia were found in 23 cancer sites. Prevalence of constipation, anaemia and painful conditions were higher after cancer diagnosis compared to before diagnosis. Since these comorbidities are not uniformly assessed as part of any of the comorbidity scales, they tend to be underreported among cancer survivors. The elevated risk of certain comorbidities in cancer survivors suggests the potential for preventative efforts in this population to lower disease burden and improve quality of life. Long-term conditions should not be viewed as the inevitable result of cancer diagnosis and treatment. We need to consider integrated management of chronic conditions tailored to specific cancers to improve cancer survivorship. ER  - 
Antiseizure medication adherence and epilepsy surgery attitude in people with epilepsy in Morocco: A cross-sectional study$$$ We determine the proportion of non-Antiseizure Medication Adherence (non-AMA) and refusal attitude towards Epilepsy Surgery (ES) and their associated factors in Moroccan People With Epilepsy (PWE). A cross-sectional study was conducted (December 2021-December 2022) among adult Moroccan PWE. PWE were interviewed for their reactions to AMA and the ES attitude. Their medical files were processed to complete their sociodemographic and clinical data. Data were analyzed by the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software 21.0. A Chi-square test was performed to compare variables and multivariate logistic regression was used to highlight associations. Statistical tests were considered significant at a p-value ≤ 0.05 for a Confidence Interval (CI) of 95 %. The median age of our sample (n = 294) was 38 years (IQR: 25.00–55.00). Non-AMA was noted in 24.5 % with indifference as the main reason (55.6 %). ES refusal was found in 33.3 %, attributed mostly to apprehension (61.2 %). In the multivariate analysis, male sex (aOR = 1.94; 95 %CI: 1.03–3.64) and the existence of a family history of epilepsy (aOR = 1.96; 95 %CI: 1.02–3.75) were the factors associated with the non-AMA, whereas the use of allopathic treatments (aOR = 2.32; 95 %CI: 1.20–4.51), exclusively focal or generalized (not combined) seizures (aOR = 2.66; 95 %CI: 1.36–5.21) and the combination of a generic with the originator ASM (aOR = 2.64; 95 %CI: 1.12–6.18) were the predictive factors with the ES refusal attitude. The proportions found of non-AMA and ES refusal were relatively low compared to other studies, which may indicate the effort that medical staff have devoted recently to raising awareness of the importance of PWE's therapeutic involvement. ER  - 
Valproate—is withdrawal worth it?$$$ Morbidity and Mortality Risks Associated With Valproate Withdrawal in Young Adults with Epilepsy Mbizvo GK, Bucci T, Lip GYH, Marson AG. Brain. 2024;147(10):3426-3441. doi: 10.1093/brain/awae128. PMID: 38657115 Valproate is the most effective treatment for idiopathic generalized epilepsy. Current guidance precludes its use in women of childbearing potential, unless other treatments are ineffective or not tolerated, because of high teratogenicity. This risk was recently extended to men. New guidance will limit use both in men and women aged <55 years, resulting in withdrawal of valproate from men already taking it, as occurs for women. Whether there are risks of personal harm (including injury or death) associated with valproate withdrawal has not yet been quantified for men or women on valproate, meaning clinicians cannot reliably counsel either sex when discussing valproate withdrawal with them, despite that this concern may be at the forefront of patients’ and clinicians’ minds. We assessed whether there are any morbidity or mortality risks associated with valproate withdrawal in young men and women. We performed a retrospective cohort study of internationally derived electronic health data within the TriNetX Global Collaborative Network. Included were men and women aged 16–54 years with ≥1 epilepsy disease or symptom code between 01/12/2017-01/12/2018 and ≥2 valproate prescriptions over the preceding two years (01/01/2015-30/11/2017). 5-year propensity-matched risks of mortality and a range of morbidity outcomes were compared between those remaining on versus withdrawn from valproate during the 01/12/2017-01/12/2018 recruitment period, regardless of whether switched to another antiseizure medication. Survival analysis was undertaken using Cox-proportional hazard models, generating hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). 8991 men and 5243 women taking valproate were recruited. 28% of men and 36% of women were subsequently withdrawn from valproate. Valproate withdrawal was associated with significantly increased risks of emergency department attendance (HRs overall: 1.236 (CI 1.159-1.319), men: 1.181 (CI 1.083-1.288), women: 1.242 (CI 1.125-1.371)), hospital admission (HRs overall: 1.160 (CI 1.081-1.246), men: 1.132 (CI 1.027-1.249), women: 1.147 (CI 1.033-1.274)), falls (HRs overall: 1.179 (CI 1.041-1.336), men: 1.298 (CI 1.090-1.546)), injuries (HRs overall: 1.095 (CI 1.021-1.174), men: 1.129 (CI 1.029-1.239)), burns (HRs overall: 1.592 (CI 1.084-2.337)), and new-onset depression (HRs overall 1.323 (CI 1.119-1.565), women: 1.359 (CI 1.074-1.720)). The risk of these outcomes occurring was 1-7% higher in those withdrawn from valproate than in those remaining on valproate. Overall, valproate withdrawal was not associated with increased mortality. These results may help patients and clinicians have a more informed discussion about personal safety when considering valproate withdrawal. ER  - 
Pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome and pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorder associated with streptococcal infections: a delphi study and consensus document about definition, diagnostic criteria, treatment and follow-up$$$ Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorder Associated with Streptococcal Infections (PANDAS) and Pediatric Acute-onset Neuropsychiatric Syndrome (PANS) are broad diagnoses that encompass a range of sudden-onset neuropsychiatric symptoms in children, which can include obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), tics, anxiety, emotional instability, and cognitive difficulties. Unlike PANDAS, PANS is not strictly linked to group A streptococcal infections but can be triggered by various infectious or environmental factors. Lights and shadows remain upon the management of children with PANS and PANDAS and there is no clear consensus regarding definition, diagnostic criteria, treatment, and follow-up. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the level of agreement on PANS and PANDAS definition, diagnostic criteria, treatment and follow-up and to assess on the basis of recent studies whether there is a need to modify the current recommendations used by primary care pediatricians and hospital pediatricians in clinical practice in order to improve outcomes. Using the Delphi method, this consensus provides shared indications on PANS and PANDAS management in pediatric age, based on the most updated literature. This work represents, in our opinion, the most complete and up-to-date information on the diagnosis of PANS and PANDAS, as well as consensus statements about several aspects of clinical care. Undoubtedly, more randomized and controlled trials are needed in the pediatric population to better define the best management, also in terms of adequate follow-up examinations and period of observation. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidities of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in Japan: a nationwide population-based study$$$ Introduction: This study aimed to estimate prevalence and incidence of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and comorbid relationships between ADHD and other psychiatric disorders in Japan. Methods: Using the real-world JMDC Claims Database, we conducted a cross-sectional study (analysis years 2017–2021) and retrospective cohort study (observation 2 years before/after the initial ADHD diagnosis; data collection 2005–2021; enrollment 2017–2019). Patients were male or female, aged 0–57 years. Cross-sectional study patients had an ADHD or other psychiatric disorder diagnosis (with or without medication) and were continuously registered in each analysis year; retrospective study patients had an ADHD diagnosis and ≥2 years’ observation before and after diagnosis. Endpoints were annual prevalence and incidence of ADHD in Japan, prevalence and risk ratio of each psychiatric comorbidity in patients with ADHD, prevalence and risk ratios of ADHD in patients with each psychiatric comorbidity, and prevalence of psychiatric disorders before/after the initial ADHD diagnosis. Results: ADHD prevalence in children/adolescents and adults increased each year from 2017 to 2021. Prevalence in boys was 3.5–4.1 times higher than in girls. Prevalence in adults was lower than in children/adolescents, with a small sex difference. ADHD was highly comorbid with various psychiatric disorders. In 2019, the most common comorbidity in children/adolescents with ADHD was autism spectrum disorder (ASD; 54.4%); in adults, it was mood disorders (60.9%). ADHD prevalence in patients with various psychiatric disorders was higher than in the control population. ADHD prevalence was highest in patients with oppositional defiance disorder among both children/adolescents and adults (77.2% and 69.2%, respectively). In the retrospective cohort study (N = 14,940), the most common psychiatric disorders diagnosed prior to ADHD diagnosis were ASD in children/adolescents (33.9% of patients), and mood disorders and sleep disorders in adults (36.9% and 23.8% of patients, respectively). Discussion: ADHD was comorbid with various psychiatric disorders in Japan. In children and adolescents with ADHD, ASD was often diagnosed prior to ADHD. Psychiatric disorders, especially mood disorders and sleep disorders, were frequently diagnosed prior to the initial ADHD diagnosis in adults. The likelihood of comorbid ADHD should be considered when diagnosing adult patients with psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Long-term characterization of behavior phenotypes in children with seizures: Analytic approach matters$$$ Objective: Behavioral problems in children with new onset epilepsies have been well established in the literature. More recently, the literature indicates the presence of unique behavioral patterns or phenotypes in youth with epilepsy that vary significantly in vulnerability and resilience to behavioral problems. This study contrasts the interpretation of behavioral risk as inferred from cross-sectional versus latent group analytic perspectives, as well as the presence, consistency, stability, and progression of behavioral phenotypes in youth with new onset epilepsy and sibling controls over 3 years. Methods: Three hundred twelve participants (6–16 years old) were recruited within 6 weeks of their first recognized seizure along with 223 unaffected siblings. Each child's behavior was recorded by parents and teachers frequently over 36 months using the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL), and each child completed self-report measures of depression symptoms over 36 months. Measures were evaluated cross-sectionally and longitudinally to identify clusters with prototypical behavioral trajectories. Results: Cross-sectional analyses exhibited a pattern of generalized and undifferentiated behavioral problems compared to sibling controls at baseline and prospectively. In contrast, latent trajectory modeling identified three distinct behavior phenotype clusters across all raters (parents, teachers, and youth) over baseline and longitudinal assessments. CBCL Cluster 1 (~30% of youth with epilepsy) exhibited behavior similar to/better than controls, Cluster 2 (~50%) exhibited moderate behavior issues, and Cluster 3 (~20%) exhibited the most pronounced/problematic behavior, falling into Achenbach's clinically relevant behavior range. Behavior within clusters remained stable and consistent. Teachers' and children's behavior assessments corresponded to these cluster groupings consistently over 36 months. Predictors of cluster membership include seizure syndrome type and social determinants of health. Significance: This study demonstrates the varying public health perspectives of behavioral risk in youth with epilepsy that result as a function of analytic approach as well as the presence of distinct latent behavioral trajectory phenotypes over time in youth with new onset epilepsy. ER  - 
CHARACTERISTICS OF CHILDREN LIVING WITH HIV IN A REFERRAL CENTER IN IRAN: A CROSS-SECTIONAL STUDY$$$ Background. With an estimated 38.4 million people worldwide living with HIV in 2021, including 2.73 million children, there is a pressing need to understand and address HIV transmission and its impact on children’s health. This study aims to describe the demographic characteristics, clinical profiles, and outcomes of Iranian children living with HIV referred to one of the largest center for counseling HIV patients in Iran. Materials and methods. In this descriptive cross-sectional study, we assessed clinical and biological markers in HIV-infected children treated at the counseling center for behavioral diseases in a referral Hospital in Tehran. The study included a total of 60 records of children and adolescents under the age of 18, spanning from 2004 to 2020. We collected detailed clinical and laboratory data, including demographic information, treatment history, comorbidities, opportunistic infections, adherence to treatment, side effects of HIV treatment, and laboratory test results. Additionally, the study investigated any history of COVID-19 infection during the follow-up period, which coincided with the pandemic. Results. Out of the 60 patients included in the study, there were 23 females (38.3%) and 37 males (61.6%), with a mean age of 10.03 years. About 16.7% of patients had at least one comorbidity, including epilepsy, ADHD, autoimmune hepatitis, ITP, allergic asthma, alopecia areata, and cystic fibrosis. Among the mothers of these children, 93.9% were HIV-positive. Out of the 60 mothers, 6.7% were not infected with the virus, 60% were receiving treatment, and 10% had passed away. Treatment adherence was acceptable in 93.3% of patients. Opportunistic infectious diseases were experienced by 36.7% of patients, with oral candidiasis being the most common. Hospitalizations occurred in 21 patients, primarily due to pneumonia, fever, weakness, lethargy, and oral thrush. Conclusions. Investigating the demographic, clinical profile, and long-term outcomes of pediatric HIV is crucial for policymakers to effectively address the ongoing HIV epidemic. Given the significant knowledge gap on pediatric HIV in Iran, further studies in this area are necessary to improve understanding and inform strategies for the prevention, management, and treatment of HIV in children in the country. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of lingual tonsillectomy in multilevel airway surgery for pediatric obstructive sleep apnea$$$ Study Objectives: Prior studies have demonstrated the efficacy of lingual tonsillectomy in treating pediatric obstructive sleep apnea. The goal of this study is to describe the postoperative outcomes following lingual tonsillectomy as a part of drug-induced sleep endoscopy-directed multilevel sleep surgery. Methods: A retrospective review was performed for pediatric patients with obstructive sleep apnea who underwent lingual tonsillectomy as a part of drug-induced sleep endoscopy-directed sleep surgery. Data collected included age, sex assigned at birth, body mass index z-score, polysomnography results, past medical and surgical history, and postoperative outcomes. Results: A total of 174 patients were included in the study with a mean age of 8.29 ± 3.49 years (range 1.89–15.62) and mean preoperative apnea-hypopnea index of 7.88 ± 13.42 (range 1.10–123.40). Complications occurred in 26 patients (14.9%) including 14 patients (8.0%) requiring emergency department visit or readmission and 12 patients (6.9%) experiencing postoperative bleeding. Asthma (P = .033) and developmental delay (P = .016) correlated with postoperative complications. For patients with preoperative and postoperative polysomnography data (n = 145; 83.3%), there was significant improvement (P < .001) in apnea-hypopnea index with a mean postoperative apnea-hypopnea index of 4.02 ± 7.81 (range 0.00–54.46). Surgical failure, defined as postoperative apnea-hypopnea index ≥ 5, was identified in 25 patients (17.2%). Surgical failure was associated with body mass index z-score > 2 (P = .025) and Trisomy 21 (P = .005). Conclusions: This study highlights the promising surgical success rate of drug-induced sleep endoscopy-directed lingual tonsillectomy in multilevel sleep surgery (82.8%) and infrequent complications including postoperative bleeding (6.9%) and readmission (2.3%). ER  - 
Polysomnographic findings in the ultra-rare McLeod syndrome: further documentation of sleep apnea as a possible feature$$$ Study Objectives: McLeod syndrome is a very rare multisystemic neurodegenerative disease linked to mutations in the XK gene. It has cardiac, neurologic, and neuromuscular manifestations and shares similarities with Huntington’s disease. The aim of this study was to evaluate sleep patterns of patients affected by McLeod syndrome. Methods: This retrospective case series of four males who underwent diagnostic polysomnography (mean age 53.8 ± 2.5 years) includes self-reported and objective evaluation of sleep using the Epworth Sleepiness Scale, genetic tests, documentation of clinical course and features, and laboratory-based full-night attended video-polysomnography. Results: In three out of four patients, an Epworth Sleepiness Scale score ≥ 7 was evident. The average apnea-hypopnea index was 45.0 ± 19.0, with predominantly obstructive phenotype in three patients and predominant central events (central sleep apnea syndrome) in one patient. A significantly increased periodic limb movement index during sleep was observed in all patients. All patients tolerated continuous positive airway pressure or pressure controlled therapy. Conclusions: Polysomnography of all patients confirmed sleep apnea syndrome as a feature of McLeod syndrome. Three patients were diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea and one with central sleep apnea syndrome. In addition, periodic limb movement index was increased in all patients. ER  - 
Complications of Implanted Vagus Nerve Stimulation: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Introduction: Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) has emerged as a promising tool in ischemic stroke rehabilitation. However, there has been no systematic review summarizing its adverse effects, critical information for patients and providers when obtaining informed consent for this novel treatment. This systematic review and meta-analysis reports the adverse effects of VNS. Methods: A systematic review was performed in accordance with PRISMA guidelines to identify common complications after VNS therapy. The search was executed in Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Embase, and Ovid MEDLINE. All prospective, randomized controlled trials using implanted VNS therapy in adult patients were eligible for inclusion. Case studies and studies lacking complete complication reports were excluded. Extracted data included technology name, location of implantation, followup duration, purpose of VNS, and adverse event rates. Results: After title-and-abstract screening of 4,933 studies, 21 were selected for final inclusion. Across these studies, 1,474 patients received VNS implantation. VNS was used as a potential therapy for epilepsy (9), depression (8), anxiety (1), ischemic stroke (1), chronic heart failure (1), and fibromyalgia (1). The 5 most common postimplant adverse events were voice alteration/hoarseness (n = 671, 45.5%), paresthesia (n = 233, 15.8%), cough (n = 221, 15.0%), dyspnea (n = 211, 14.3%), and pain (n = 170, 11.5%). Conclusions: Complications from VNS are mild and transient, with reduction in severity and number of adverse events with increasing follow-up time. In prior studies, VNS has served as treatment option in several instances of treatment-resistant conditions, such as epilepsy and psychiatric conditions, and its use in stroke recovery and rehabilitation should continue to be explored. ER  - 
Fine hippocampal morphology analysis with a multi-dataset cross-sectional study on 2911 subjects$$$ CA1 subfield and subiculum of the hippocampus contain a series of dentate bulges, which are also called hippocampus dentation (HD). There have been several studies demonstrating an association between HD and brain disorders. Such as the number of hippocampal dentation correlates with temporal lobe epilepsy. And epileptic hippocampus have a lower number of dentation compared to contralateral hippocampus. However, most studies rely on subjective assessment by manual searching and counting in HD areas, which is time-consuming and labor-intensive to process large amounts of samples. And to date, only one objective method for quantifying HD has been proposed. Therefore, to fill this gap, we developed an automated and objective method to quantify HD and explore its relationship with neurodegenerative diseases. In this work, we performed a fine-scale morphological characterization of HD in 2911 subjects from four different cohorts of ADNI, PPMI, HCP, and IXI to quantify and explore differences between them in MR T1w images. The results showed that the degree of right hippocampal dentation are lower in patients with Alzheimer's disease than samples in mild cognitive impairment or cognitively normal, whereas this change is not significant in Parkinson's disease progression. The innovation of this paper that we propose a quantitative, robust, and fully automated method. These methodological innovation and corresponding results delineated above constitute the significance and novelty of our study. What's more, the proposed method breaks through the limitations of manual labeling and is the first to quantitatively measure and compare HD in four different brain populations including thousands of subjects. These findings revealed new morphological patterns in the hippocampal dentation, which can help with subsequent fine-scale hippocampal morphology research. ER  - 
Epileptologists’ attitudes toward physical exercise and sports for persons with epilepsy in China$$$ We undertook a survey among epileptologists in China to explore their attitudes toward physical exercise and sports for persons with epilepsy (PWEs). A total of 288 epileptologists participated. Most recognized the potential benefits of physical exercise and sports for PWEs, including improved cognitive function (74.6 %), alleviation of mental disorders (73.2 %), and enhanced quality of life (83.8 %). Epileptologists overwhelmingly agreed on the importance of discussing and encouraging physical exercise and sports for PWEs (97.4 % and 95.2 %, respectively). Before engagement in physical exercise and sports, most epileptologists considered that the duration of seizure-free status could be shorter if the seizures were typically focal, non-motor, or without impaired awareness (p < 0.05). There was consensus (99.1 %) on the need to grade the risk of related activities. Opinions were divided regarding the use of health certificates for restricting PWEs (favored by 63.2 %). The majority (93.9 %) called for an expert consensus or clinical guidelines in China. In conclusion, epileptologists in China generally demonstrate a positive attitude toward physical exercise and sports for PWEs. Both benefits and risks of these activities have generally been acknowledged. It is recommended to prioritize activities with lower risks and higher benefits. However, the recommendations for PWEs with a lower likelihood of recurrence and less risky seizure types can be more liberal. Urgent development of normative guidance from governmental and professional bodies is warranted. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental Follow-Up of Children Born to Mothers with Graves' Disease and Neonatal Hyperthyroidism$$$ Introduction: Neonatal hyperthyroidism, often caused by maternal Graves' disease (GD), carries potential neurodevelopmental risks for children. Excessive thyroid hormones during fetal development are linked to neurological issues like ADHD and epilepsy. However, the impact of transient neonatal hyperthyroidism is not well understood. Methods: In a retrospective study at the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne, 21 neonates with hyperthyroidism from mothers with GD were examined. Of these, the parents of 10 children consented to participate; thus, questionnaires assessing executive functions, behavior, and social communication were completed. The outcomes were compared to those of control subjects recruited from the community using standardized tools (BRIEF, SDQ, SCQ). The results were analyzed against socio-demographic factors, maternal, and neonatal health. Results: No significant demographic or clinical differences were found between study participants (n = 10) and non-participants (n = 11). Participants, compared to controls, showed similar family demographics but a higher proportion of control parents had university-level education (p = 0.003). Patients displayed more social (SCQ scores: 12.1 ± 2.5 vs. 6 ± 1.07, p = 0.008) and behavioral difficulties (SDQ scores: 10.2 ± 2.17 vs. 6.14 ± 1.03, p = 0.03), with increased executive function challenges (BRIEF scores indicating problem-solving and self-regulation difficulties). Significant effects of family living situation and partner education level on neurodevelopmental measures were noted, underscoring the influence of socio-demographic factors. Conclusions: These findings suggest neonatal hyperthyroidism might lead to subtle neurodevelopmental variations, with socio-economic elements and family dynamics possibly intensifying these effects. While most children did not show severe impairments, early detection and intervention are recommended. The research emphasizes the necessity for inclusive care approaches that consider socio-economic factors for children affected by neonatal hyperthyroidism. ER  - 
Health Care Providers’ Knowledge, Attitudes, and Practices Toward Medicinal Cannabis: The Case of Lebanon$$$ Background: In 2020, the Lebanese parliament legalized cannabis for medical and industrial use, sparking diverse reactions among health care professionals (HCP). Few studies have been conducted to reflect the position of HCP on the topic, and no previous studies targeted all physicians with relevant specialties or had a large sample size. The current study aimed to assess the knowledge, attitude, and practice of the Lebanese medical community toward medicinal cannabis (MC). Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted targeting HCP from different backgrounds and specialties. The survey questionnaire was disseminated through different scientific societies in the Lebanese Order of Physicians and other professional bodies. An online survey was shared with oncologists, rheumatologists, psychiatrists, neurologists, pharmacists, and psychotherapists across different geographic regions. It covered questions about sociodemographic details, knowledge, attitude, and practice related to MC. Descriptive and bivariate analyses were performed. A total of 202 HCP responded to the survey, yielding a response rate of 34%. Results: Eighteen percent of the participants described their level of knowledge about the indications of MC as good. Twenty-five percent of the respondents are willing to prescribe, and 30% “may consider” it. Among those willing to prescribe, the majority may consider MC to treat chronic pain, palliative care, post-traumatic stress disorder, epilepsy, and anxiety. Respondents’ knowledge about the side effects of MC is as follows: driving difficulties (82%), addiction (69%), drug interactions (65%), and weight gain (43%). Willingness to prescribe varies by medical specialty, previous clinical experience with MC, and gender. The majority of the participants expressed concerns about the potential harm of using MC and indicated that legalization would negatively impact society. Sixty-nine percent of the respondents reported not receiving any formal education about MC and agreed on the need to expand knowledge about its indications and side effects. The majority agreed that MC should be dispensed based on a prescription from a physician with special training and recognized the importance of establishing a national registry for patients undergoing MC treatment, as well as the necessity of guidelines for approval. Conclusion: The current data indicate that attitudes toward prescribing MC vary by medical specialty, gender, and clinical experience. Implementation of effective educational strategies in Lebanon to enhance HCP knowledge about MC and promote its proper use is crucial. ER  - 
Neurologic comorbidity in psychiatric inpatients: evidence from neurologic consultations in a Spanish center$$$ Introduction. The presence of psychiatric comorbidity in some neurological disorders is common. A bi-directional influence between some psychiatric and neurological disorders has been discussed, but not widely studied. There is an absence of literature on the typology and rates of neurology consultations in different types of psychiatric inpatients. Materials and methods. Cross-sectional study based on real world data on patients who had a neurological consultation during hospitalization on a psychiatric ward. Results. The most frequent reasons for visits to neurologists in our study were cluster ‘Epilepsy/other types of non-epileptic seizures’ (n = 177, 36.44%), followed by cluster ‘Movement disorders’ (n = 77, 20.48%), ‘Cognitive disorder’ (n = 69, 18.35%), and finally cluster ‘Neuropathy’ (n = 21, 5.59%). The most frequent type of psychiatric patient who required neurologic consultation presented a psychotic disorder (n = 100, 26.60%), follow by problem behavior (n = 82, 21.81%), bipolar disorder (n = 78, 20.78%), depressive disorder (n = 42, 11.17%) and autism spectrum disorder (n = 20, 5.32%). We found a statistically significant relationship between (problem behavior and intellectual disability) and neurologic consultation for epilepsy/other types of non-epileptic seizures, and between (depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, autism spectrum disorder and intellectual disability) and neurologic consultation for movement disorders. Conclusions. This is the first study in the literature which analyzes the rates and typology of neurologic consultations in people hospitalized with psychiatric disorders. A deep knowledge of epilepsy, movement disorders and cognitive disorders should be required for health professionals to treat psychiatric inpatients appropriately. Patients with particular psychiatric disorders seem to require a higher number of neurologic consultations than others during their hospitalization. ER  - 
Observational study of the effect of perampanel on sleep and daytime sleepiness in adult patients with epilepsy in real-life clinical practice$$$ Objective: to evaluate the effect of PER (Fycompa®) on sleep quality and daytime sleepiness when used as an adjunct antiepileptic drug (AED) in the treatment of epilepsy in adults. Material and methods. The study included 106 patients aged 18 to 73 years with absolute predominance of focal epilepsy (n=96) who were prescribed PER as an adjunctive AED when previous therapy was insufficient, regardless of whether or not complaints of insomnia were present. The study was conducted from April 2022 to June 2023. The maximum observation period was 12 months. The study was multicentre (10 Russian clinical centres) and designed as an observational study, with patients being monitored prospectively, but some of the indicators were collected retrospectively, taking into account the conditions of real-life clinical practice. We assessed: sleep quality using the Pittsburgh Insomnia Scale (Ya.I. Levin modification), daytime sleepiness according to the Epworth scale, anxiety/depression level (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, HADS), adverse events (AEs), efficacy/tolerability of combination therapy with PER for epilepsy at baseline, and after 1, 3, 6 and 12 months of therapy based on the number of completed questionnaires at each visit in the real-life clinical practice. Results. After a follow-up period of 12 months, the retention rate for complex therapy with PER was 84.9%. PER was discontinued in 15.1% of patients and in only 5.7% due to AEs. The most common AE was dizziness, which was observed with a frequency of over 10% (n=21), followed by irritability (n=9) and drowsiness (n=9) with the same frequency. No new, previously undescribed AEs were observed in this study. The use of PER as an additional AED led to a significant reduction in daytime sleepiness and an improvement in sleep quality after the first month of use; by the 12-month follow-up period, the daytime sleepiness index gradually decreased and reached normal levels, and sleep quality improved. The use of PER as part of a complex therapy led to a significant reduction in the initially elevated anxiety level. Conclusion. The use of PER as an additional AED in adults in dynamics significantly improves sleep quality and reduces daytime sleepiness after the first month of use, regardless of the duration of the disease and the order of PER administration. The use of PER as part of a complex therapy led to a decrease in the initially elevated anxiety level from subclinical to normal. ER  - 
The Impact of Shift Work on the Lifestyle and Well-being of Emergency Physicians: A Comprehensive Examination of Eating Habits and Health Behaviors$$$ Aim: Shift work causes unhealthy changes in sleep patterns, physical activity, and eating habits. We evaluated emergency physicians’ eating habits and health behaviors and how shift work affects them. Materials and Methods: A survey questionnaire consisting of 40 questions was administered to Turkish emergency physicians at the international emergency medicine (EM) congresses held in 2018 by Turkey’s two major EM societies. Results: A total of 278 emergency physicians were divided into the non-shift group (n=55) and the shift group (n=223). Most experienced depression (73.4%) and some reported sleep problems (45%) and irritability (34.2%). No shift effect was detected on most eating habits, body mass index, regular exercise, and self-perceived health status. The shift group statistically had fewer positive considerations about hospital food and was more likely to order or eat from different alternatives. Conclusion: Emergency physicians in our study suffered from sleep problems, mood disorders, unhealthy dietary routines, and limited physical activity, which did not particularly differ by shift work. The generalizability of the findings is limited. ER  - 
Association between uterine artery embolization for postpartum hemorrhage and second delivery on maternal and offspring outcomes: a nationwide cohort study$$$ STUDY QUESTION: What are the maternal and neonatal outcomes of second delivery in women who underwent uterine artery embolization (UAE) during their first delivery? SUMMARY ANSWER: Women who underwent UAE during their first delivery exhibited higher risks of placental problems, preterm births, and postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) in second delivery and the second offspring also showed increased risk of major congenital malformations, admission to the neonatal intensive care units (NICU), necrotizing enterocolitis, intraventricular hemorrhage, and bronchopulmonary dysplasia. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: UAE is a minimally invasive procedure used as an alternative to hysterectomy for managing severe PPH. However, recent studies have raised concerns about potential obstetric complications, including recurrent PPH, placenta accreta spectrum (PAS), and fetal growth restriction in subsequent delivery following UAE. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This was a nationwide retrospective cohort study using the Korean National Health Insurance Service (K-NHIS) database, covering 50 million individuals from 2004 to 2020. The cohort included 3 616 923 women with live births between 1 January 2005 and 31 December 2019 with follow-up data extending to 31 December 2020. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: The study included women who had their first live birth between 2005 and 2019, excluding those who underwent hysterectomy (without UAE ¼ 3 612 389, UAE ¼ 4534). Among them, we selected women who had single gestation secondary delivery (without UAE ¼ 1 694 600, UAE ¼ 1146). Propensity score matching was used to control for confounding factors, resulting in 11 184 women without UAE and 1119 women with UAE for subsequent analysis. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Women in the UAE group had significantly higher risks of PAS (odds ratio (OR) ¼ 38.91, 95% CI ¼ 18.61-81.34), placenta previa (OR ¼ 6.98, 95% CI ¼ 5.57-8.75), and preterm birth (OR ¼ 2.23, 95% CI ¼ 1.71-2.90) during their second delivery. The risk of recurrent PPH was also significantly higher (OR ¼ 8.94, 95% CI ¼ 7.19-11.12). Their second offspring were more likely to have major congenital malformations (OR ¼ 1.62, 95% CI ¼ 1.25-2.11) and adverse neonatal outcomes, including NICU admissions (OR ¼ 1.83, 95% CI ¼ 1.48-2.25). Long-term outcomes showed a higher risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (hazard ratio ¼ 1.64, 95% CI ¼ 1.03-2.63) but were otherwise comparable to those in the without UAE group. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Retrospective nature of the study may have introduced exposure and outcome misclassifications, despite the reliability of the K-NHIS database. Unmeasured confounders and selection bias due to only including live births could also have influenced the results. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Women with a history of UAE require meticulous prenatal care and close monitoring during subsequent deliveries due to increased risks of complications. Counseling and referral to high-risk medical centers may improve outcomes. Further research is needed to understand the mechanisms of complications in both mothers and offspring at sequential delivery, as well as to refine UAE procedures. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study supported by Patient-Centered Clinical Research Coordinating Center (PACEN) funded by the Ministry of Health & Welfare, Republic of Korea (HC21C0123). This study was funded by S.-Y.O. The authors of this manuscript declare no relationships with any companies whose products or services may be related to the subject matter of the article. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A. ER  - 
Machine learning classification of functional neurological disorder using structural brain MRI features$$$ Background: Brain imaging studies investigating grey matter in functional neurological disorder (FND) have used univariate approaches to report group-level differences compared with healthy controls (HCs). However, these findings have limited translatability because they do not differentiate patients from controls at the individual-level. Methods: 183 participants were prospectively recruited across three groups: 61 patients with mixed FND (FND-mixed), 61 age-matched and sex-matched HCs and 61 age, sex, depression and anxiety-matched psychiatric controls (PCs). Radial basis function support vector machine classifiers with cross-validation were used to distinguish individuals with FND from HCs and PCs using 134 FreeSurfer-derived grey matter MRI features. Results: Patients with FND-mixed were differentiated from HCs with an accuracy of 0.66 (p=0.005; area under the receiving operating characteristic (AUROC)=0.74); this sample was also distinguished from PCs with an accuracy of 0.60 (p=0.038; AUROC=0.56). When focusing on the functional motor disorder subtype (FND-motor, n=46), a classifier robustly differentiated these patients from HCs (accuracy=0.72; p=0.002; AUROC=0.80). FND-motor could not be distinguished from PCs, and the functional seizures subtype (n=23) could not be classified against either control group. Important regions contributing to statistically significant multivariate classifications included the cingulate gyrus, hippocampal subfields and amygdalar nuclei. Correctly versus incorrectly classified participants did not differ across a range of tested psychometric variables. Conclusions: These findings underscore the interconnection of brain structure and function in the pathophysiology of FND and demonstrate the feasibility of using structural MRI to classify the disorder. Out-of-sample replication and larger-scale classifier efforts incorporating psychiatric and neurological controls are needed. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric Manifestations of Monkeypox: A Retrospective Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Objective: The World Health Organization declared monkeypox (MPX), a global health crisis, in July 2022. Its symptoms include fever, rash, lymphadenopathy, myalgias, and fatigue; there have also been the reports of neurological manifestations and no data on psychiatric manifestations. In our study, we aimed to study neurologic and psychiatric manifestations in MPX patients. Methodology: Our study used the TriNetX database to identify MPX patients along with their age, gender, race, ethnicity, and geographic location data. Using International Classification of Diseases, tenth revision codes for neurological, psychiatric symptoms, and diagnoses, we identified 331 individuals on November 22, 2022, who had neuropsychiatric signs within a month of diagnosis with MPX (n = 1,006). Results: The most common neurological symptom was pain (17.3%) followed by headache (10.3%), while the most frequent psychiatric symptoms were mood disorders (11.9%), emotional issues (10.5%), and anxiety (9.4%). Conclusion: In this study, neuropsychiatric symptoms were present in about one-third of MPX patients. Physicians, neurologists, and psychiatrists should be aware of the potential for neuropsychiatric side effects associated with MPX infection in patients. ER  - 
Memory complaint in a middle-income country: a four-year longitudinal study in a cohort with low-education$$$ Background Memory complaints are frequent in older adults and are associated with higher risk of cognitive decline. Objective To investigate the functional outcome of individuals with memory complaints followed up at primary care centers. Methods Data were collected between 2016 e 2020 in primary health care centers in Brazil. Patients underwent the Brief Cognitive Screening Battery, and the Functional Activities Questionnaire. Results The initial sample (2016) comprised 91 individuals classified into those with subjective cognitive decline (SCD, n=15), mild cognitive impairment (MCI, n=45), or dementia (n=31). During follow-up, 8 individuals (8.8% of the initial sample) died and 26 (28.5% of the initial sample) were not found. Fifty-seven participants underwent clinical reassessment. Of 15 individuals with SCD, 7 were not found (46.7%), 4 (26.7%) progressed to MCI, and 4 (26.7%) remained stable. Of 45 individuals with MCI, 11 were not found (24.4%), 2 (4.4%) died, 6 (13.4%) progressed to dementia, 12 (26.7%) regressed to SCD, and 14 (31.1%) remained stable. Of 31 individuals with dementia, 8 were not found (25.8%), 6 (19.4%) died, 2 (6.5%) regressed to SCD, 7 (22.6%) regressed to MCI, and 8 remained stable (25.8%). Clinical improvement was due to the treatment of reversible causes, such as B12 hypovitaminosis andmood disorders. Older age, lower Mini-Mental State Examination, and higher scores of memory complaint, but not the use of benzodiazepines and of proton pump inhibitors, were predictors of functional status. Conclusion Despite their limits (short sample size, missing data), these results support the idea that adequate screening, follow-up, and treatment of reversible causes of dementia in primary care are essential. ER  - 
Extra-digestive manifestations of celiac disease$$$ Introduction. Celiac disease (CD) is a chronic autoimmune disorder triggered by gluten ingestion in genetically predisposed individuals, presenting with a diverse range of symptoms that extend beyond the gastrointestinal tract. The condition’s systemic nature is evidenced by its extra-digestive manifestations, which can affect various organs including the skin, joints, liver, and nervous system. Methods. This descriptive, retrospective study was conducted at a tertiary care center, focusing on adult patients diagnosed with CD who exhibited extra-digestive symptoms. Data were extracted from medical records of patients admitted between January 1, 2010 and June 30, 2024. Variables included demographic information, primary diagnosis, and associated extra-digestive manifestations. Descriptive statistical methods were employed for data analysis. Results. The sample included 108 patients with CD, the mean age was 43.21 years, with a predominance of females (76.85%). Iron deficiency anemia was the most common extra-digestive manifestation, affecting 20.37% of patients, followed by hypoproteinemia (18.52%) and Hashimoto’s thyroiditis (14.81%). Co-occurrence analysis revealed frequent combinations of conditions, such as anemia with cardiovascular diseases and depressive disorders. Notable associations with neurological conditions like gluten ataxia and peripheral neuropathy were also observed. Conclusion. This study highlights the extensive extra-digestive manifestations of celiac disease, underscoring its systemic impact. The high prevalence of autoimmune conditions such as Hashimoto’s thyroiditis and rheumatoid polyarthritis among CD patients reflects the need for holistic management strategies. Discrepancies between our findings and existing literature, particularly regarding skin and neurological conditions, emphasize the need for further research to better understand these associations and the long-term effects of a gluten-free diet. ER  - 
Effects of different indications on electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: The objective of the study is to evaluate how electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) affects treatment-resistant depression, bipolar and schizophrenic patient groups, and suicide attempt histories and to evaluate the relationship between treatment variables and patient outcomes. Method: In a retrospective cohort study at the inpatient psychiatry clinic of Çam and Sakura City Hospital between January, 2021, and February, 2023, 103 patients receiving ECT were analyzed. They were categorized into two groups according to indications that suicide risk (n = 76) and resistance to pharmacotherapy (n = 27). Results: The analysis revealed no significant age (p = 0.374) or gender (p = 0.304) differences between groups. However, significant differences emerged in diagnostic distribution (p = 0.027), with the suicide risk group receiving more ECT sessions (13.6 ± 11.2, p = 0.025) and experiencing longer total seizure times (427 ± 325 s, p = 0.023) compared to the treatment-resistant group (8.5 ± 4.7 sessions and 279 ± 115 s, respectively). Conclusions: ECT’s therapeutic application does not differ from demographic variables but is influenced by clinical diagnosis, with suicide risk patients receiving more intensive treatment. These findings highlight the necessity of individualized ECT protocols and suggest that diagnostic considerations are critical in optimizing ECT treatment strategies. Despite its retrospective design, the study underscores the importance of personalized ECT regimens and calls for further prospective research to validate these findings. ER  - 
Evaluation of the Behavioral Effect of Psychostimulants in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Background Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is often accompanied by comorbid conditions such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and epilepsy. In this context, patients are often treated with psychostimulants in an attempt to control behavioral symptoms. This study aims to understand the behavioral effects of psychostimulants in children with ASD and investigate if interictal epileptiform discharges on electroencephalogram (EEG) can act as a modifying factor in this behavior. Methods Sixty-eight patients with ASD who were being accompanied in the Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry of the Centro Hospitalar Universitário de São João and had previously done an EEG assessment answered a questionnaire regarding their behavioral response to psychostimulants. Results In total, 47.4% of patients reported improved agitation, 56.1% enhanced concentration, and 8.8% improved sleep. Conversely, 28.1% experienced worsened agitation, 15.8% worsened concentration, and 17.5% worsened sleep. The remaining reported no alterations. The age of diagnosis correlated significantly with improved agitation, with a higher diagnosis age being associated with a higher probability of improvement. Extended-release methylphenidate and genetic variations were significantly associated with worsening of agitation. Regarding speech, 86% exhibited no changes, while 14% showed alterations, mostly, 87.5%, characterized as negative. For other behavioral alterations, 45.6% reported negative changes, 3.5% reported positive changes, and 50.9% reported no additional alterations. Female gender was significantly associated with other negative behavioral changes. A significant correlation was found between treatment duration and the probability of improvement in agitation, concentration, and other behavioral changes. ER  - 
Effect of COVID-19 on seizures and patient behavior in people with epilepsy$$$ Background and purpose – To evaluate the long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on seizure frequency and levels of mental distress in individuals with epilepsy and identify potential risk factors associated with increased seizure frequency. Methods – This is a cross-sectional study conducted in Türkiye in May 2021 by phone. Information on epilepsy syndromes, antiseizure medications, average seizure frequency, and drug resistance was obtained from medical records. A questionnaire was completed that included demographic and clinical characteristics and Kessler Psychological Distress Scale 10 (K-10). From people with epilepsy (PWE), seizure control in the month before the pandemic and perceived stress, sleep changes, changes in adaptation during this period, and whether there were changes in seizure control after the pandemic were questioned. Results – A total of 227 patients were included, and the K-10 score of 81.9% (186/227) of PWE was found to be ≥30. An increase in seizure frequency was detected in 34 (15%) patients. The factors affecting the increase in seizure frequency were analyzed using logistic regression analysis. In the univariate model hesitate to go to the emergency room despite having seizures during the pandemic (OR= 8.325; 95% CI: [2.943 - 23.551], p=<0.001) was evaluated as the parameter with the highest risk of increased seizure frequency. In multivariate analyses (enter model) only polytherapy (OR= 2.945; 95% CI: [1.152 – 7.532], p=0.024) was detected as the parameter with increased seizure frequency. Conclusion – One year after the declaration of the pandemic, we found that stress was still common, the frequency of seizures increased. In multivariate analyses, only polytherapy was detected as the parameter with increased seizure frequency. ER  - 
Does Electroencephalography Seizure Duration Account for an Adequate Treatment of Magnetic Seizure Therapy for Schizophrenia?$$$ Objectives A seizure lasting >15 s has been considered to indicate treatment for magnetic seizure therapy (MST), a modification of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), without much validation. This study aimed to investigate whether this seizure duration was suitable for the treatment of schizophrenia. Methods Altogether, 34 and 33 in-patients with schizophrenia received 10 sessions of MST and ECT, respectively. Clinical symptoms were assessed using the Positive and Negative Symptom Scale at baseline and at the 4-week follow-up. Electroencephalogram (EEG) was monitored during each MST or ECT treatment using bifrontal electrodes. Results The proportion of participants who achieved the 15-second threshold was only 28.6% in the MST group, with a significant difference between responders and nonresponders. For patients receiving MST, the average EEG seizure duration correlated with the percentage of Positive and Negative Symptom Scale reduction (t(32) = 2.51, P = 0.017, uncorrected; t(32) = 2.00, P = 0.055, corrected with clinical characteristics). The average EEG seizure duration predicted the clinical response at a trend level (Z = 1.76, P = 0.078) with an optimal cutoff of 11.3 seconds. All patients in the ECT group achieved the 15-second threshold. However, their average EEG seizure duration was uncorrelated with clinical improvement. Conclusions The duration of EEG seizures may be associated with the antipsychotic effects of MST. This association may have been influenced by various clinical and technical factors. More research is needed to define the specific criteria for adequate MST in schizophrenia in order to achieve personalized dosing. ER  - 
Effectiveness of propofol in anesthetic management and cognitive function in schizophrenic patients undergoing convulsion-free modified electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: To investigate the effects of propofol on anesthetic effectiveness and cognitive functioning in schizophrenic patients undergoing convulsion-free modified electroconvulsive therapy (MECT). Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted on the clinical data of 80 schizophrenia patients treated with MECT at the Affiliated Brain Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University from January 2021 to December 2023. Patients were divided into a control group (39 patients) receiving etomidate and an observation group (41 patients) receiving a combination of etomidate and propofol for general anesthesia induction. Parameters compared between the groups included systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), heart rate (HR), arterial oxygen saturation (SaO2), time to spontaneous respiration recovery, wakefulness time, cognitive function (assessed by the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-Revised in China, WAIS-RC), symptom severity (measured by the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, PANSS), and adverse reactions. Results: No significant differences were observed in SBP, DBP, HR, and SaO2 between the groups over time, nor was there any interaction between group and time on these parameters (all P>0.05). However, the observation group showed significantly shorter times to spontaneous respiration recovery and wakefulness (both P<0.05). Post-treatment, the observation group also had higher WAIS-RC scores and lower PANSS scores, along with a reduced total incidence of adverse reactions (all P<0.05). Conclusion: Propofol for the induction of general anesthesia in MECT, enhances clinical anesthetic outcomes, diminishes the impact on cognitive functions, and reduces the incidence of adverse reactions, thereby suggesting its high safety and efficacy. ER  - 
EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF PRE-EMPTIVE USE OF ORAL TAPENTADOL VERSUS ORAL PREGABALIN FOR POST OPERATIVE ANALGESIA FOLLOWING CARDIAC SURGERY: A COMPARATIVE STUDY$$$ Background and Objective: After cardiac surgery, post operative pain is a major concern for patient as well as surgeon. Establishment of analgesia even before surgical incision is pre-emptive analgesia. Primary objective of this study is comparison of duration of analgesia in patients who were administered oral Tapentadol versus oral Pregabalin prior the surgery. Methods and Material: A prospective randomised double-blind study was conducted on 66 patients undergoing elective cardiac surgery using midline sternotomy incision. Patients were divided into two groups-Group T and Group P where patients were given oral Tapentadol 100 mg and oral Pregabalin 150 mg respectively 2 hours prior the surgery. All patients were monitored for duration of analgesia (time of first rescue analgesic after extubation from time of ingestion of the drug), VAS score, heart rate, mean arterial pressure, sedation score, intraoperative requirement of fentanyl, side effects (if any). Results: There was no statistical significant difference in duration of analgesia between two groups (p value > 0.05). There was statistically significant difference in intra operative fentanyl requirement (p value < 0.05), it was lower in Group P than in Group T. The difference in Median VAS score at 0 hrs and 24 hrs post extubation was statistically significant, where VAS scores were less in Group P than in Group T. Conclusion: Administration of oral pregabalin as pre-emptive analgesic showed comparable duration of analgesia but better safety profile in terms of haemodynamic stability and less sedation as well as respiratory depression than oral Tapentadol. ER  - 
LONG-TERM OUTCOMES OF PATIENTS WITH CEREBRAL VENOUS SINUS THROMBOSIS FROM TAMIL NADU$$$ Background: Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) is an important cause of stroke in young. There is paucity of literature on the long-term sequelae of CVST. Methods: This hospital-based ambispective study included adult patients with radiologically confirmed CVST diagnosed between 2014 and 2020 with at least one year of follow up. We documented neurological disability at discharge and at follow-up using modified Rankin score (mRS), daily activity using Barthel index, cognitive deficits using Montreal Cognitive Assessment score (MOCA), the behavioral outcome with Hamilton depression rating scale (HDRS). Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed for factors presumed to be associated with outcomes. Results: We identified 225 patients with CVST with a median age was 30 years(range 18-72), 117(52%) were women. Follow-up after a median of 24 months (range 12-63),208(94.1%) scored 0-2 on mRS; however, cognitive impairment was seen in 104(69.1%), depression in 125(58.4%). On univariate analysis, factors associated with a poor motor outcome(mRS score 3-5) were low socioeconomic status, older age, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, migraine, frontal lobe involvement, baseline mass effect, and mRS at admission. On multivariate analysis, acute phase mass effect (p=0.006)(OR 49.4. CI 3.02-806.6), baseline mRS (p=0.004)(OR 53.3 CI 3.5-794.7) had a significant association. Low socio-economic status alone was associated with cognitive impairment (p=0.002). Univariate factors related to depression were puerperal CVST patients, anemia, disability, and mass effect at presentation, but only anemia (p=0.066) and the mass effect(P=0.077) had a multivariate association. Conclusion: In one of the largest series long term follow up of CVST, though mortality and motor outcome were excellent, long-term neuropsychiatric impairment was common. Acute care and long-term management must have plans to prevent and manage these occult neuropsychiatric deficits. ER  - 
QUALITATIVE CHANGES IN PARAMETERS OF PSYCHOGENIC NON-EPILEPTIC SEIZURES IN CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS WITH ADJUVANT LOW FREQUENCY RTMS AS COMPARED TO SHAM STIMULATION$$$ Objective: This study investigated the efficacy of adjunctive low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) compared to sham stimulation for treating psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in children and adolescents. Methods: Twenty patients diagnosed with PNES were randomized to receive either active rTMS or sham stimulation over the supplementary motor area (SMA) for ten sessions over two weeks. Clinical severity, seizure frequency and duration, dissociative experiences, anxiety, and depression were assessed before, after treatment, and at two weeks follow-up. Results: Both groups showed improvements in clinical parameters. However, the active rTMS group demonstrated a significantly greater reduction in overall clinical severity compared to sham at the four-week follow-up. This improvement was not sustained after treatment ended. Additionally, patients with more severe PNES (higher seizure frequency and duration) showed greater improvement with rTMS. There were no significant differences between groups in anxiety or depression scores. Conclusion: Low-frequency rTMS may offer some benefits for PNES, particularly for patients with severe symptoms. However, the short-lived effects and potential for placebo response necessitate further research with larger sample sizes, longer follow-up periods, and optimized stimulation parameters. ER  - 
A Cross-Sectional Study Of Parent’s Knowledge And Practice In Home Management Of Fever In The Paediatric Age Group At Tertiary Healthcare Centre.$$$ Fever in children is a common presenting complaint during health visits. Parents frequently have concerns about fever and perceive it as a disease rather than a symptom of illness. Parent’s practice of home managing of fever varies according to their background and experience. To explore parents’ perception and practice in home management of fever in their preschool children in tertiary healthcare centre. This is a cross-sectional study. Data were collected from 180 parents attending at Paediatric ward at tertiary health care hospital, using self-administered questionnaire. Very less parents (17%) defined fever correctly and only 13% identified high fever. Most all the parents (79%) believed fever is harmful, and febrile convulsion was the most concerned complication of fever (50%), followed by loss of consciousness, dehydration and hearing loss. Most of the parents (89%) touch their children to confirm fever and 11% use oral thermometer. Most parents gave their children nonprescribed fever medication (51%) and 43% applied cold compression. Only 6% took their children to the doctor right away. Most of participants were not sure either in choosing fever medicine (91.7%) or giving the proper dose and frequency(97.8%). No difference in knowledge or practice was found in relation to difference in demographic characteristics of participants. Results of this study indicate poor knowledge and practice in regard to parent’s management of febrile children, overuse of nonprescribed fever medication, and possible waste of health resources. ER  - 
Pain and functional neurological disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background Functional neurological disorder (FND) is characterised by neurological symptoms, such as seizures and abnormal movements. Despite its significance to patients, the clinical features of chronic pain in people with FND, and of FND in people with chronic pain, have not been comprehensively studied. Methods We systematically reviewed PubMed, Embase and PsycINFO for studies of chronic pain in adults with FND and FND in patients with chronic pain. We described the proportions of patients reporting pain, pain rating and timing, pain-related diagnoses and responsiveness to treatment. We performed random effects meta-analyses of the proportions of patients with FND who reported pain or were diagnosed with pain-related disorders. Results Seven hundred and fifteen articles were screened and 64 were included in the analysis. Eight case–control studies of 3476 patients described pain symptoms in a higher proportion of patients with FND than controls with other neurological disorders. A random effects model of 30 cohorts found that an estimated 55% (95% CI 46% to 64%) of 4272 patients with FND reported pain. Random effects models estimated diagnoses of complex regional pain syndrome in 22% (95% CI 6% to 39%) of patients, irritable bowel syndrome in 16% (95% CI 9% to 24%) and fibromyalgia in 10% (95% CI 8% to 13%). Five studies of FND diagnoses among 361 patients with chronic pain were identified. Most interventions for FND did not ameliorate pain, even when other symptoms improved. Conclusions Pain symptoms and pain-related diagnoses are common in FND. Classification systems and treatments should routinely consider pain as a comorbidity in patients with FND. ER  - 
Epileptic patients with anterior shoulder instability: are there specific bone lesions? A case control study$$$ Hypothesis: Chronic epilepsy may cause important bipolar bony lesions. We aim to compare the specific pathoanatomic metrics of the bony lesions in chronic shoulder anterior instability that occur in patients with epilepsy vs. patients without epilepsy. Methods: From 2006 to 2020, we included epileptic and nonepileptic patients with anterior recurrent shoulder instability. We randomly adjusted the patients of the 2 groups according to the sex, age, and type of management. We included 50 patients. For each included patient, we performed an in-depth analysis and comparison of the glenoid bone loss based on the computed tomography scan: PICO method (patient/population, intervention, comparison and outcomes) using the best-fit circle; and the Hill-Sachs lesion: the depth and width were given as a percentage of the humeral head diameter on an axial view. We also evaluated the engaging character of the involved lesion using the on-track vs. off-track analysis. Those characteristics were compared between the 2 groups. Results: We found a glenoid bone loss in 32 patients. Glenoid bone loss was not significantly greater in patients with epilepsy (P = .052). A Hill-Sachs lesion was found in 42 patients (22 in the group with epilepsy and 20 in the group without epilepsy). Hill-Sachs lesions were significantly deeper and larger in the group with epilepsy (depth: 22% vs. 9%, P < .001; width: 43% vs. 28%, P = .003). In the group with epilepsy, 90% of the bone lesions were off-track vs. 30% in the group without epilepsy. Thus, the patients with epilepsy presented more engaging bony lesions than patients without epilepsy (P = .001) (OR = 23). Conclusions: In a population of patients with epilepsy who had shoulder instability, Hill-Sachs lesions are larger and deeper than in normal patients with shoulder instability. By contrast, there is no significant difference regarding the characteristics of the glenoid bone loss if present. This implies that bone lesions in instable shoulders of patients with epilepsy need at least a bony stabilization procedure on the humeral side in the majority of cases. ER  - 
Adverse reactions of cycloplegic and mydriatic eye drops in routine ophthalmologic examination of pediatric patients in Saudi Arabia: A retrospective study and survey of pediatric ophthalmologists$$$ PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to explore the side effects of using cycloplegic eye drops at ophthalmology clinics at King Saud Medical City (KSMC) in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Moreover, to have an insight into physicians’ attitude towards the management of these side effects. METHODS: A retrospective cross‑sectional study where medical records of pediatric patients who attended ophthalmology clinics at KSMC. Subjects were selected after reviewing their files and based on their reaction to the ocular drops. In addition, the response of ophthalmologists was obtained through a questionnaire distributed through electronic channels. RESULTS: A total of 111 patients’ medical records were included in this study. The most reported cycloplegic agents that caused side effects were cyclopentolate 1%, tropicamide 1%, and phenylephrine 2.5%. Fifty‑three percentage of physicians reported that changing their way of administering cycloplegic drops in practice plays a role in reducing some side effects. The most reported side effects of using cycloplegic eye drops were facial flushing 68%, followed by fever 46%, and irritability 38% of cases. Few children who experienced side effects needed medical intervention. CONCLUSION: Side effects caused by cycloplegic agents are usually mild and rarely severe. There are some systemic side effects such as hallucinations, psychosis, or seizures. Proper parental counseling before administering cycloplegic agents and proper clinical management in case of severe side effects is crucial. Prophylactic measures to reduce the incidence of these side effects are advisable. ER  - 
Vitamins and minerals vs ketogenic diet in management of refractory epilepsy?$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy, a chronic disorder with recurrent seizures, is challenging to manage, especially in cases resistant to standard antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Aim of the study: We aimed to determine which is better in management of refractory epilepsy in pediatrics (mixed steroid and ketogenic diet or multivitamins)Methods: It is a randomized, single-blinded study at Assiut University Children Hospital, Egypt (October 2020-October 2021), 70 patients aged 1-17 with refractory epilepsy were assigned to two treatment groups: Group 1 received multivitamins (zinc, copper, magnesium, vitamins A, C, D, selenium, calcium), and Group 2 received corticosteroids followed by a ketogenic diet. Both groups continued their standard AED regimen. Changes in seizure frequency, metabolic parameters, radiological findings, and overall improvement were assessed.Results: No significant differences in demographic and neurological assessments, laboratory and radiological findings were noted. Generalized seizures were more common. The vitamin group had the highest overall improvement, though convulsion frequency changes but had insignificant difference from another group.Conclusion: Both treatments showed limited impact on convulsion frequency. ER  - 
Multi-modal MRI for objective diagnosis and outcome prediction in depression$$$ Research Purpose: The low treatment effectiveness in major depressive disorder (MDD) may be caused by the subjectiveness in clinical examination and the lack of quantitative tests. Objective biomarkers derived from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may support clinical experts during decision-making. Numerous studies have attempted to identify such MRI-based biomarkers. However, the majority is uni-modal (based on a single MRI modality) and focus on either MDD diagnosis or outcome. Uncertainty remains regarding whether key features or classification models for diagnosis may also be used for outcome prediction. Therefore, we aim to find multi-modal predictors of both, MDD diagnosis and outcome. By addressing these research questions using the same dataset, we eliminate between-study confounding factors. Various structural (T1-weighted, T2-weighted, diffusion tensor imaging (DTI)) and functional (resting-state and task-based functional MRI) scans were acquired from 32 MDD and 31 healthy control (HC) subjects during the first visit at the investigational site (baseline). Depression severity was assessed at baseline and 6 months later. Features were extracted from the baseline MRI images with different modalities. Binary 6-months negative and positive outcome (NO; PO) classes were defined based on relative (to baseline) change in depression severity. Support vector machine models were employed to separate MDD from HC (diagnosis) and NO from PO subjects (outcome). Classification was performed through a uni-modal (features from a single MRI modality) and multi-modal (combination of features from different modalities) approach. Principal Results: Our results show that DTI features yielded the highest uni-modal performance for diagnosis and outcome prediction: mean diffusivity (AUC (area under the curve) = 0.701) and the sum of streamline weights (AUC = 0.860), respectively. Multi-modal ensemble classifiers with T1-weighted, resting-state functional MRI and DTI features improved classification performance for both diagnosis and outcome (AUC = 0.746 and 0.932, respectively). Feature analyses revealed that the most important features were located in frontal, limbic and parietal areas. However, the modality or location of these features was different between diagnostic and prognostic models. Major Conclusions: Our findings suggest that combining features from different MRI modalities predict MDD diagnosis and outcome with higher performance. Furthermore, we demonstrated that the most important features for MDD diagnosis were different and located in other brain regions than those for outcome. This longitudinal study contributes to the identification of objective biomarkers of MDD and its outcome. Follow-up studies may further evaluate the generalizability of our models in larger or multi-center cohorts. ER  - 
Pattern and Predictors of Neurologic Comorbidities Among African Children with Epilepsy$$$ Background Epilepsy is the most common neurologic disorder affecting children in Nigeria. It is often associated with other neurologic comorbidities in addition to epileptic seizures, such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and cognitive, visual, and hearing impairments, which can be unrecognized while focusing on the seizures. Methods This cross-sectional study assessed the prevalence, pattern, and predictors of neurologic comorbidities among 100 children with epilepsy (CWE) attending the pediatric neurology clinic of Jos University Teaching Hospital, Jos, Nigeria, and age- and sex-matched controls selected consecutively. Data were summarized using frequencies and proportions. Chi-squared and Mann–Whitney U tests were used to test the categorical values, while logistic regression was used to determine the predictive factors for neurologic comorbidities. Results The prevalence of neurologic comorbidities among CWE versus controls was 65 vs. 15% (p < 0.001). Factors associated with neurologic comorbidities in CWE include younger age at onset of epileptic seizures (p < 0.003), severity of seizures (p < 0.001), history of status epilepticus (p < 0.044), background history of intracranial infections (p < 0.029), and the use of combination antiepileptic drugs (p < 0.001). Predictors of comorbidities in CWE were treatment with sodium valproate and polytherapy. Conclusion Neurologic comorbidities are more frequent among CWE than controls; therefore, screening for neurologic comorbidities should be routine when assessing and managing CWE. ER  - 
Epidemiological profile of patients with chronic lower extremity ulcers in two public hospitals in southern Brazil$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to typify the clinical and epidemiologic profile of outpatients with chronic lower extremity ulcers in two reference centers of the public health system in Paraná state, in Southern Brazil. Methods: Demographic, clinical, and anthropometric data about the patients were collected at each assessment, as well as information on the etiology, size, and duration of ulcers. Results: There were 68 study participants, 40 (58.82%) men and 28 (41.18%) women, with an average age of 65.1 (± 13.6) years and an average 1.6 ulcers per patient. The average duration of ulcers was 9.7 (± 12.2) years, and the average size of the largest lesion of each patient was 80.0 (± 140.0) cm2. Regarding body mass index, 19 (27.94%) patients were eutrophic, 21 (30.88%) were overweight, 23 (33.82%) were obese and 5 (7.35%) were underweight. The most common etiology was venous ulcers, present in 39 (57.35%) patients. Conclusion: The clinical and epidemiologic profile of patients is similar to that in developed nations. There was a longer time since onset and a larger average size of ulcers than described in the medical literature. ER  - 
Healthcare impact of electroencephalography performed during clinical neurophysiology on-call duty in a third-level hospital$$$ Introduction: The electroencephalogram (EEG) is a useful tool in the diagnosis of pathologies such as non-convulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) or brain death (BD), cardiac arrest (CA), and status epilepticus (SE) treatment monitoring. In addition, it provides irreplaceable information depending on the time it is performed, as is the case with the diagnosis of epilepsy after a first epileptic seizure (ES) or to differentiate these from non-epileptic paroxysmal events (NEPE). Its usefulness is maintained outside the usual working day, but it is not available in many centers. Subjects and methods: Retrospective observational study based on the clinical history of 86 patients who underwent an on-call EEG (ocEEG) at our hospital during 2020. Results: One hundred two records requested by Intensive Care (41.1%), Neurology (37.3%), Pediatrics (17.6%) or other services (4%) were made. Suspected NCSE represented 56.7%, followed by treatment monitoring in EE (21.6%). The ME accounted for only 6.9% of the total. The ocEEG avoided potential iatrogenesis in a 56.3% of cases with therapeutic implications, allowed to treat 27.58% of patients who would have remained without treatment until the conventional EEG. An increase in the level of care was required in only 22.2% of all cases. The ocEEG was anticipated a mean of 31.6 h to the next conventional EEG that would have been available. Conclusions: The availability of ocEEG is beneficial in terms of diagnosis, therapy, and hospital management, advancing decision-making and avoiding iatrogenesis. Its availability should become widespread. ER  - 
Neurocognitive Impairment in Non-Central Nervous System Cancer Survivors Exploratory Study of Attention and Executive Functioning Assessments Using Event-Related Potentials$$$ Cancer and its treatments entail a profound inflammatory response of the central nervous system (CNS). This intense neurotoxic process can lead to significant neurocognitive impairment even in non-CNS cancers. Few studies have examined this domain, and data available is based on limited designs using neuropsychological assessments comprising self-report or traditional testing batteries that capture basic response data. Here, we leverage cognitive electrophysiology, specifically Event-Related Potentials (ERPs), to examine and delineate neurocognitive impairments in non-CNS cancer survivors. Eleven survivors, who were on average 4.6 years in remission from head and neck cancer and 10 matched healthy controls underwent standardized cognitive and emotional “Go-Nogo” paradigms concomitant to EEG recording. Significant differences in amplitude morphology in the very early ERP components (C1, N1, P1) and middle ERP component (N2), were apparent between non-CNS cancer survivors and controls. Later ERP components (P3, N4) did not show amplitude differences. Non-CNS cancer survivors yielded faster latencies in the early components for pain-related stimuli during the emotional paradigm, albeit tended to yield slower ERP latencies overall across both experiments. These findings suggest that early gating and inhibitory control are dysregulated in non-CNS cancer survivors, which can impact executive functioning and cognitive processing involved in everyday activities for many years post-treatment. The findings do not fully align with ERP morphologies associated with neurocognitive impairment in degenerative conditions (such as dementia and Alzheimer’s disease), affecting later-stage ERP components. Our initial results suggest that (1) cognitive impairments in cancer survivors do not follow a degenerative trajectory, (2) rather are in line with “lesion” related damage (such as stroke, epilepsy), and as such, (3) have the potential for treatments involving neurocognitive plasticity. ER  - 
VALPROIC ACID SERUM LEVELS IN ICU PATIENTS: A RETROSPECTIVE EVALUATION$$$ INTRODUCTION: Valproic acid (VPA) is a narrow therapeutic index drug most commonly used to treat seizure and mood disorders. Guidelines recommend targeting total levels between 50-100 mg/L for seizure disorders and 50- 125 mg/L for bipolar disorder. Currently at our health system, there is no guidance on how to monitor either free or total VPA levels. METHODS: A multi-site, retrospective chart review was conducted from August 1, 2021 to July 31, 2022. Patients who received a VPA dose during an ICU admission were included in the study for evaluation. Data was collected on the patient's age, gender, therapy details, VPA dosage, medication administration, lab results, and medical history. Trough levels were assessed for appropriate timing. Patients with supratherapeutic levels were evaluated for signs of toxicity. RESULTS: Four hundred and eight patients were included in this study. Of these patients, 87 (21%) patients had supratherapeutic levels. There were 41 supratherapeutic total levels and 92 supratherapeutic free levels in these patients. In terms of toxicities in patients with supratherapeutic levels, 33 (38%) patients had hyperammonemia, 17 (20%) had elevated AST/ALT, 21 (24%) had thrombocytopenia, and 12 (14%) had hyperbilirubinemia. When considering patient populations where there would be concern for discordant free versus total levels, there were 42 (48%) patients with hypoalbuminemia, 46 (52%) patients with hyperuremia, and 54 (62%) patients with altered renal function. Lastly, 20 (23%) patients had their doses adjusted after a supratherapeutic lab resulted, with an average time to dose change of 10 hours (SD 12). CONCLUSIONS: While there were 133 supratherapeutic levels, only 20 of those were acted upon. This may suggest that the majority of these supratherapeutic levels were not drawn appropriately. The most common toxicity was hyperammonemia though the relatively low rate of toxicity occurrences in patients with supratherapeutic levels also implies most labs were incorrectly drawn. In sum, this data suggests there is an opportunity to optimize monitoring of VPA by providing clear guidance on when to appropriately draw VPA levels, especially, when a free level would be indicated. ER  - 
PHENOBARBITAL VERSUS BENZODIAZEPINES FOR THE TREATMENT OF SEVERE ALCOHOL WITHDRAWAL$$$ INTRODUCTION: Severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome (SAWS) can precipitate hallucinations, delirium tremens (DT), seizures, and death. Scheduled phenobarbital may offer advantages over symptom-triggered benzodiazepines for SAWS regarding hospital length of stay (LOS), intensive care unit (ICU) LOS, and incidence of mechanical ventilation, but its role in therapy has not been fully elucidated. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study compared patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) or progressive care unit who received scheduled phenobarbital or benzodiazepines for management of SAWS between July 2018 to July 2022. Patients were included if they had a history of DT or seizures, Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment of Alcohol (CIWA-AR) > 15, or Prediction of Alcohol Withdrawal Severity Scale (PAWSS) ≥ 4. The primary outcome was hospital LOS. Secondary outcomes included ICU or progressive care LOS, incidence of adjunctive pharmacotherapy, and incidence and duration of mechanical ventilation. RESULTS: Data from 126 phenobarbital and 98 benzodiazepine encounters was analyzed. Inclusion criteria met were history of seizures (78.1%), CIWA-Ar > 15 (68.3%), history of DT (61.6%), and PAWSS ≥ 4 (16.5%). Patients who received phenobarbital had a significantly shorter hospital LOS compared to patients who received benzodiazepines (median [IQR], 2.8 [2.5-3.5] vs. 4.7 [2.9- 6.7] days; p < 0.0001). Those who received phenobarbital also had shorter ICU/progressive LOS (median [IQR], 0.7 [0.6-0.9] vs. 1.3 [0.8-2.2] days; p < 0.0001), and a lower incidence of dexmedetomidine (6 [4.8%] vs. 53 [54.1%]; p < 0.0001) and antipsychotic initiation (7 [5.6%] vs. 36 [36.7%]); p < 0.0001). One (0.8%) patient in the phenobarbital group compared to 6 (6.1%) patients in the benzodiazepine group was mechanically ventilated (p = 0.045), but there was no difference in duration of new mechanical ventilation (median [IQR], 1.2 vs. 1.6 [1-3] days; p = 1.00). CONCLUSIONS: Scheduled phenobarbital was associated with a decrease in hospital LOS, ICU/progressive LOS, initiation of adjunctive pharmacotherapy, and incidence of new mechanical ventilation compared to benzodiazepines for SAWS. ER  - 
CAN HEMODYNAMICS IMPACT NEUROLOGIC EVENTS IN FONTAN PATIENTS UNDERGOING CARDIAC TRANSPLANTATION?$$$ INTRODUCTION: The 30-year survival in single ventricle patients requiring Fontan palliation has increased to 85% in recent years. With Fontan failure, patients are subjected to low cardiac output. Following transplantation, cardiac output is dramatically increased resulting in higher cerebral perfusion. There are additional risks due to prothrombic states and multiple palliations. We aim to describe perioperative neurological events (PNE) in patients with Fontan circulation post cardiac transplantation. METHODS: This is a retrospective, single-center study that includes patients with Fontan physiology who underwent heart transplantation at our institution from 2006 to 2021. Forty-six patients ranging from 4 years to 53 years were included. Points of evaluation included neurological signs and symptoms in the first month after surgery, findings on CT and MRI, abnormalities on electroencephalography (EEG), neurology consult, and the initiation of antiepileptics. Preoperative hemodynamics were evaluated included Fontan pressure, systolic function, and systemic atrioventricular (AV) valve regurgitation. RESULTS: Twelve of forty-six patients (26%) experienced PNE. EEG changes were appreciated in seven patients (15%) with seizure activity in three. Eleven of the forty-six patients (23%) had findings on head imaging including infarcts (n=4), acute subdural hematoma (n=4), and subarachnoid hemorrhage (n=2). The overall survival was 94% with none of the patients having long-term neurological disability. The average Fontan pressure of patients with PNE was 22.3 compared to 19.2 in the group without events. 41% of patients with PNE had depressed systolic function versus 31% of the patients without PNE. Interestingly, 41% of patients with PNE had severe systemic AV valve regurgitation compared to 50% in the group without PNE. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates the need for close neurological monitoring including EEG in Fontan patients undergoing heart transplantation, particularly patients with a Fontan pressure of greater than 20 and a history of severely depressed systolic cardiac function. With diligent care our center demonstrated a survival of 94%. A larger cohort of patients can help better delineate factors that increase the risk of neurological events. ER  - 
TIME FROM TREATMENT INITIATION TO HOSPITAL DISCHARGE IN PATIENTS WITH ALCOHOL WITHDRAWAL SYNDROME$$$ INTRODUCTION: Alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS) is a common, highly comorbid condition in hospitalized patients, which complicates and prolongs hospital care. AWS manifests itself in various symptoms, such as nausea, vomiting, tremor, anxiety, hallucinations, seizures, or delirium. This study compared time from initiation of treatment for AWS to hospital discharge in patients who received benzodiazepines or phenobarbital in three diverse hospitals. METHODS: This was a retrospective chart review of unique, hospitalized patients (N = 75), admitted and treated for AWS between April 1, 2021, and August 31, 2021. Chart abstractors were experienced inpatient pharmacists and physicians who underwent standardized training. AWS treatment was categorized as mainly benzodiazepine or mainly phenobarbital based on a combination of documented clinical intent, medications received, and therapeutic effects. The outcome of interest was time from medication administration to hospital discharge, hypothesizing that patients who received phenobarbital would result in faster resolution of AWS and thus shorter time to hospital discharge than patients who received benzodiazepines. RESULTS: Among patients hospitalized and treated for AWS, 49% received mainly benzodiazepines and 51% received mainly phenobarbital treatment. Most patients had a history of alcohol use two years prior to or at the time of hospitalization, and patients previously hospitalized for AWS requiring treatment were more common in the phenobarbital group. Majority of patients (92%) had a timely diagnosis of AWS. The median time from AWS treatment initiation to discharge was 5.5 [IQR 6.00] and 3.83 [IQR 5.61] days in the mainly benzodiazepines and mainly phenobarbital groups, respectively [p-value = 0.849]. CONCLUSIONS: In patients who received a timely diagnosis of AWS and were treated with mainly benzodiazepines or mainly phenobarbital, there were no significant difference in the time from initiation of treatment to hospital discharge. The sample size of the study was small to assess for differences between the groups. Additionally, the decision on main treatment strategy was made subjectively by the chart abstractor, and data were limited to what were available on Epic and any other external hospital records accessible through Epic. ER  - 
Frequency, pro ile and predictors of medication use in children with Autism Spectrum Disorder : A Crosssectional Study$$$ Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) comprises a group of neurodevelopmental disabilities. The DSM-5 includes autism, Asperger's disorder, and “pervasive personality disorder not otherwise speci ied” under the umbrella heading of ASD. The symptoms of ASD generally appear between the ages of 2 and 3 years. The children experience dif iculty in developing social, speech, and behavioral skills. Therefore, behavioral therapy is usually the irst-line treatment, with pharmacological therapies added to help patients function in their daily activities. Risperidone and aripripazole are some FDA approved antipsychotics, for treating irritability associated with ASD. Medications are also used in ASD are to treat comorbid seizure disorder, ADHD or sleep and gastrointestinal issues. This study was carried out to identify frequency of medication usage, medication pro iles and clinical predictors of medication use in children with ASD. A Total of 30 children diagnosed with ASD were recruited for the study after obtaining an informed consent from the parents, sociodemographic details were collected, assessments were done using BPI-S, ISAA and FAD General functioning scale. The data was analysed using relevant statistical methods. 9 out of 30 children (30%) were on antipsychotics, risperidone being the most common. 9 out of 30 children (30%) were on medications for comorbid ADHD with Clonidine being the most common. The study found a strong positive correlation between ISAA scores and BPI (+0.56) and higher scores in both were associated with higher likelihood of medication use. ER  - 
Childhood Onset Catatonic Schizophrenia$$$ INTRODUCTION: Childhood-onset schizophrenia is rare: its prevalence is about 50 times lower than the one observed in adulthood. It is also frequently unrecognized, notably because its clinical aspect varies with age. Catatonia is a psychomotor syndrome which can include motor, mental, behavioral and vegetative symptoms. CASE PRESENTATION: A 13 year old female was brought with complaints of decreased interaction, maintaining odd posture, staring spells, standing spells and refusal to eat or drink for 3 months. Patient had a history of psychotic features in the past in the form of suspiciousness, muttering and gesturing to herself, feeling that people want ill of her for 1.5 years for which the patient was on antipsychotics with about 60% improvement in symptoms. Patient was admitted to the psychiatry ward, where a medicine referral was sought and organicity was ruled out. Patient was treated with Tab Lorazepam (6mg) and Tab Aripiprazole(15mg). ECTs were considered for the patient, however were not administered due to dissent of the parents. The patient showed improvement on above medications and was discharged from the ward. DISCUSSION: Childhood onset schizophrenia (COS) and catatonia (C) are rare and severe psychiatric disorders. A number of environmental factors, including prenatal maternal infections and perinatal complications, may also be implicated in the pathogenesis of schizophrenia, in addition to genetic factors. The management of schizophrenia in children and adolescents should be based on a multimodal therapeutic plan, including drug therapy and individual psychotherapy, along with family, social and educational interventions. Introduction Clinical presentation in children and adolescents with major mental illness varies. This study was to understand the variation in presentation of clinical features in this area especially in Indian context. Objectives The objective of this study: To describe the clinical profile in children and adolescents with psychosis and mood disorders Methodology Cross-sectional study in tertiary care Centre. Children and adolescent meeting the inclusion criteria were assessed and interview was based on K-SADS (Kiddie- Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia) questionnaire. Results and discussion This study included 38 subjects with 25(66%) in the depression, 7(18%) in mania, 6(16%) in Psychosis group. Mean age of presentation in depression group was 15.2 years. Mean duration of depressive episode was around 23 ± 8.6 weeks. Predominant symptom was irritability and low mood followed by sleep disturbances, rejection sensitivity, lack of reactivity to positive stimuli, worthlessness and then anhedonia and easy fatiguability. Rejection sensitivity and lack of reactivity was associated with suicidality. In mania group, predominant symptoms were elevated mood, irritability, decreased need for sleep, pressure of speech followed by agitation and distractibility. Conclusion This study shows variable presentation like sleep disturbances in various phases, suicidality and factors associated with it like rejection sensitivity. Lower levels of anhedonia and anergia. Strengths of this study was it had a cross sectional design and was based on standardised questionnaire. Limitations of this study is that its hospital based and predominant inpatient sample. Further studies with longitudinal designs are necessary. ER  - 
Bilateral Centromedian Nucleus of Thalamus Responsive Neurostimulation for Pediatriconset Drug-resistant Epilepsy$$$ Neuromodulation therapies offer an effective treatment option for patients with drugresistant epilepsy (DRE) who are unlikely to benefit from surgical resection. In this study, we present a retrospective single-center case series involving patients with pediatric-onset DRE who underwent implantation of stereotactic depth electrodes for the responsive neurostimulation (RNS) system, specifically targeting the bilateral centromedian nucleus (CM) of the thalamus between October 2020 and October 2022. We identified sixteen patients and reviewed their seizure outcomes, programming parameters, and follow-up complications. The median age at the time of electrode implantation was 13 years, with a range of 3.6 to 22 years. Notably, six patients (38%) were younger than 12 years old at the time of implantation. We reliably detected ictal EEG patterns during typical seizures. At a median follow-up period of 1.3 years (ranging from 0.6 to 2.6 years), ten patients (62%) achieved a significant reduction of 50% or more in seizure frequency. Eight patients (50%) experienced sensorimotor side effects, and three patients (19%) developed superficial pocket infections, leading to the removal of the RNS device. Most of the side effects related to stimulation were observed in the monopolar-cathodal configuration but could be alleviated through a change in programming to a bipolar configuration or by adjusting the stimulation frequency. Our findings indicate that closed-loop neurostimulation using RNS targeting the bilateral centromedian nucleus is a viable and valuable therapeutic alternative for patients with pediatric-onset DRE who are not good candidates for resective epilepsy surgery. ER  - 
COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS OF EFFICIENCIES OF IMMUNOSUPPRESSIVE DRUGS IN SLE WITH DIFFERENT CLINICAL PRESENTATION AND THEIR MOLECULAR STRATIFICATION: A PROSPECTIVE STUDY FROM INDIA$$$ Objectives 1) Compare the clinical manifestations in SLE patients at diagnosis and after treatment. 2) Stratifying SLE patients on (flare and remission) based on different immunosuppressants (CYC, HCQ and MMF) with optimal therapeutic approach. Methods The prospective and longitudinal study was performed in the Department of Medicine, Rheumatology, Biochemistry and Nephrology in KMC Manipal and AIIMS New Delhi from Oct 2022 to Oct 2023. 42 lupus patients evaluated with clinical manifestations at diagnosis and after treatment with Cyclophosphamide, Hydroxychloroquine and Mycophenolate. BILAG scoring was done to evaluate the organ involved with disease activity. Blood plasma profiling for molecular stratification of patients at different stages of the disease and genomic DNA was isolated for SNPs non-responding to the above drugs apart from clinical study. Ethics approval from both institutions have been taken for the study and patients gave their informed consent. Results Out of 42 adult patients, our cohort includes 37 females (88%) and 5 males (11.9%). The mean patient age range is 31.5. The female to male ratio of 7.5:1 in our cohort. The youngest patient was 18 year and 62-year-old female with maximum age. The youngest developed the disease at the age six. Arthralgia (83.3%) most common symptoms followed by fever and photosensitivity (64.28%) (table 1) Lupus headache, depression and anxiety were common in our cohort with progression of disease. Renal involvement in 46% with majority in class IV (41.1%) class III (35.2%) lupus nephritis (LN)and one patient with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Musculoskeletal, mucocutaneous, haematological, and immunological dominates in our population (35%). HCQ the drug of choice in adults (50%) in comparison to MMF and CYC (table 2). In our cohort, maximum patient was in remission with the response to drugs (HCQ- 72%, MMF-68% and Cyclo- 66%. Conclusions Our study revealed Seizures, Depression, Chronic Kidney Disease and End stage Lupus Nephritis is major concern. Lupus panniculitis, and Pityriasis lichenoid chronic are distinctive features seen in adult SLE.HCQ seems to be optimal therapeutic immunosuppressant as maintenance therapy in both flare and remission. Stratification of patients based on drug response and disease activity using clinical, molecular, and genomic tool will resolve complexity of the lupus and help in development of biomarker in lupus flare. ER  - 
SLEEP DISORDERS AND ADENOID HYPERTROPHY IN CHILDREN WITH ADHD$$$ Aim To study the incidence and effects of adenoid hypertrophy on sleep, cognition, attention, learning, speech and language development in children with ADHD. Material and Method A 10 years retrospective randomized controlled study was done by review of clinical records of 1500 children with ADHD in age group 3- 5 years and > 5- 7years with age and sex matched controls. Our data included Vanderbilts for Parents, Connors test, Behavior scales, Children QL -P, OSA- 18, Children sleep habit questionnaire, IQ BKT, LD test, ENT Consultation for airway evaluation, PSG( parameters (apnea-hypopnea index [AHI] and the lowest SaO2), EEG and Lab Tests: Hemogram, iron profile, TFT, Vit. D, IgE, Heavy metals. Statistical test of Chi square was done using SSPS 20.0. P valueignificance was <0.05. Inclusions: All children with confirmed diagnosis of ADHD, assessed by multidisciplinary team. EXCLUSIONS: Children with global delay, seizure disorder, syndromes, abnormal MRI brain, and other psychiatric, or neurological disorders. Results About 33.8% had adenoid hypertrophy vs. 11.2% in controls, 26.4% had obstructive sleep apnea vs. 0.3% controls, 5.3% had Enuresis vs. 0.1% controls, 18.2% had speech and language problem vs. 1.6% in controls, 42% had cognitive difficulties vs. 4.8%, sleep disturbances in 78% Vs. 31% controls. Adenoidectomy was done in 28%, ABA was done in 93% and Medication was required in 17% cases. Post adenoidectomy, symptoms of OSA measured by Pediatric Sleep Questionnaire Sleep showed 83% improvement in first six months and 92% improvement by one year. Quality of life was shown to significantly improve on the PedsQL and OSA-18 scales. Conclusions ADHD is one of the neurodevelopmental disability that is increasing rapidly today. Worldwide incidence from 5 to 11%. Our study suggests that adenoid hypertrophy is one of the contributing factors in causing sleep disorders, poor cognition, speech articulation and inattention in ADHD. ER  - 
ANTIEPILEPTIC DRUG USE IN CHILDREN BEYOND EPILEPSY: A POPULATION-BASED LONGITUDINAL STUDY$$$ Background Epilepsy is frequently associated with psychiatric disorders and migraine in childhood, suggesting a shared underlying pathological mechanism. Moreover, antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are also used for treatment of specific psychiatric and pain disorders. Objective To characterize the use of AEDs in children and adolescents beyond epilepsy and seizure disorders. Methods Study population: Children and adolescents (age: 0-19 years) in British Columbia (BC), Canada, with at least one dispensing for an AED between 1997 -2018. Dispensings were picked up from the pharmacy by patient or caregiver. Data source: BC health administrative databases pharmacy, medical visit and hospitalization data. Design and Analysis: The first AED dispensing was set as the index date. The longitudinal nature of the study allowed the search for diagnostic codes from birth to the index date for children with epilepsy and seizures and those without. The total number of dispensings and all ICD diagnostic codes for all patients were determined across four age ranges (0-4, 5-9, 10-14, 15-19 years). Categorical and continuous variables were analyzed by CMH chi-square and ANOVA methods. Results 6,382 patients (42.6% of all AED users) had at least one dispensing of AEDs in the absence of a diagnosis of epilepsy or seizure disorder. Lamotrigine, valproate and topiramate show increases in the numbers of patients and dispensings in the 5-9 and 10-14 year age categories, with an increase of 45.7% in the patient number for lamotrigine; 12.2% for valproate and 149.1% increase for topiramate. The 2,067 diagnostic codes three months before the first topiramate dispensing in patients 10 - 14 years of age without any evidence for epilepsy or seizure since birth (72.2% of all patients who started topiramate in this age range) included 26.52% for migraine or other type of headaches; 5.1% for mood and bipolar disorder; 13.23% for ADHD and disturbance of conduct, and 6.32% psychosis. Discussion The increase in topiramate usage in the absence of epilepsy was surprising, since its adverse effects on memory, learning and intellectual development are well described. There is a lack of evidence for the use of topiramate for the prevention of migraine in children between 8 and 17 years of age. A previously published placebo-controlled RCT of 361 children with migraine found that topiramate was not more effective than placebo in reducing the number of headache days over 24 weeks. ER  - 
Systematic review and meta-analysis of disease clustering in multimorbidity: a study protocol$$$ Introduction Multimorbidity is defined as the presence of two or more chronic diseases. Co-occurring diseases can have synergistic negative effects, and are associated with significant impacts on individual health outcomes and healthcare systems. However, the specific effects of diseases in combination will vary between different diseases. Identifying which diseases are most likely to co-occur in multimorbidity is an important step towards population health assessment and development of policies to prevent and manage multimorbidity more effectively and efficiently. The goal of this project is to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies of disease clustering in multimorbidity, in order to identify multimorbid disease clusters and test their stability. Methods and analysis We will review data from studies of multimorbidity that have used data clustering methodologies to reveal patterns of disease co-occurrence. We propose a network-based meta-analytic approach to perform meta-clustering on a select list of chronic diseases that are identified as priorities for multimorbidity research. We will assess the stability of obtained disease clusters across the research literature to date, in order to evaluate the strength of evidence for specific disease patterns in multimorbidity. Ethics and dissemination This study does not require ethics approval as the work is based on published research studies. The study findings will be published in a peer-reviewed journal and disseminated through conference presentations and meetings with knowledge users in health systems and public health spheres. PROSPERO registration number CRD42023411249. ER  - 
Protocol for the Tallaght University Hospital Institute for Memory and Cognition-Biobank for Research in Ageing and Neurodegeneration$$$ Introduction Alzheimer's disease and other dementias affect >50 million individuals globally and are characterised by broad clinical and biological heterogeneity. Cohort and biobank studies have played a critical role in advancing the understanding of disease pathophysiology and in identifying novel diagnostic and treatment approaches. However, further discovery and validation cohorts are required to clarify the real-world utility of new biomarkers, facilitate research into the development of novel therapies and advance our understanding of the clinical heterogeneity and pathobiology of neurodegenerative diseases. Methods and analysis The Tallaght University Hospital Institute for Memory and Cognition Biobank for Research in Ageing and Neurodegeneration (TIMC-BRAiN) will recruit 1000 individuals over 5 years. Participants, who are undergoing diagnostic workup in the TIMC Memory Assessment and Support Service (TIMC-MASS), will opt to donate clinical data and biological samples to a biobank. All participants will complete a detailed clinical, neuropsychological and dementia severity assessment (including Addenbrooke's Cognitive Assessment, Repeatable Battery for Assessment of Neuropsychological Status, Clinical Dementia Rating Scale). Participants undergoing venepuncture/lumbar puncture as part of the clinical workup will be offered the opportunity to donate additional blood (serum/plasma/whole blood) and cerebrospinal fluid samples for longitudinal storage in the TIMC-BRAiN biobank. Participants are followed at 18-month intervals for repeat clinical and cognitive assessments. Anonymised clinical data and biological samples will be stored securely in a central repository and used to facilitate future studies concerned with advancing the diagnosis and treatment of neurodegenerative diseases. Ethics and dissemination Ethical approval has been granted by the St. James's Hospital/Tallaght University Hospital Joint Research Ethics Committee (Project ID: 2159), which operates in compliance with the European Communities (Clinical Trials on Medicinal Products for Human Use) Regulations 2004 and ICH Good Clinical Practice Guidelines. Findings using TIMC-BRAiN will be published in a timely and open-access fashion. ER  - 
Gabapentin Use among Individuals Initiating Buprenorphine Treatment for Opioid Use Disorder$$$ Importance: Gabapentin prescriptions have drastically increased in the US due to off-label prescribing in settings such as opioid use disorder (OUD) treatment to manage a range of comorbid conditions and withdrawal symptoms, despite a lack of evidence. Objective: To assess the purpose and associated risks of off-label gabapentin use in OUD treatment. Design, Setting, and Participants: This retrospective recurrent-event case-control study with a crossover design used administrative claims data from MarketScan Commercial and Multi-State Medicaid databases from January 1, 2006, to December 31, 2016. Individuals aged 12 to 64 years with an OUD diagnosis and filling buprenorphine prescriptions were included in the primary analysis conducted from July 1, 2022, through June 1, 2023. Unit of observation was the person-day. Exposures: Days covered by filled gabapentin prescriptions. Main Outcomes and Measures: Primary outcomes were receipt of gabapentin in the 90 days after initiation of buprenorphine treatment and drug-related poisoning. Drug-related poisonings were defined using codes from International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, and International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision. Results: A total of 109 407 patients were included in the analysis (mean [SD] age, 34.0 [11.2] years; 60 112 [54.9%] male). Among the 29 967 patients with Medicaid coverage, 299 (1.0%) were Hispanic, 1330 (4.4%) were non-Hispanic Black, 23 112 (77.1%) were non-Hispanic White, and 3399 (11.3%) were other. Gabapentin was significantly less likely to be prescribed to Black or Hispanic patients, and more likely to be prescribed to female patients, those with co-occurring substance use or mood disorders, and those with comorbid physical conditions such as neuropathic pain. Nearly one-third of persons who received gabapentin (4336 [31.1%]) had at least 1 drug-related poisoning after initiating buprenorphine treatment, compared with 13856 (14.5%) among persons who did not receive gabapentin. Adjusted analyses showed that days of gabapentin use were not associated with hospitalization for drug-related poisoning (odds ratio, 0.98 [95% CI, 0.85-1.13]). Drug-related poisoning risks did not vary based on dosage. Conclusions and Relevance: Gabapentin is prescribed in the context of a myriad of comorbid conditions. Even though persons receiving gabapentin are more likely to have admissions for drug-related poisoning, these data suggest that gabapentin is not associated with an increased risk of drug-related poisoning alongside buprenorphine in adjusted analyses. More data on the safety profile of gabapentin in OUD settings are needed.. ER  - 
Effectiveness of Yoga Intervention in Reducing Felt Stigma in Adults with Epilepsy: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background and ObjectivesPersons with epilepsy are afflicted with comorbidities such as stigma, anxiety, and depression which have a significant impact on their quality of life. These comorbidities remain largely unaddressed in resource-limited countries. This randomized controlled trial (RCT) aimed to investigate whether yoga and psychoeducation were effective in reducing felt stigma (primary outcome), neuropsychiatric outcomes, and seizure frequency, as compared with sham yoga and psychoeducation in persons with epilepsy.MethodsThis was an assessor-blinded, sham yoga-controlled RCT. Patients clinically diagnosed with epilepsy, aged 18-60 years, and scoring higher than the cutoff score for felt stigma as measured by the Kilifi Stigma Scale (KSS) in our population were randomly assigned to receive either yoga therapy plus psychoeducation (intervention) or sham yoga therapy plus psychoeducation (comparator) for a duration of 3 months. The primary outcome was a significant decrease in felt stigma as compared with the comparator arm as measured by the KSS. Primary and secondary outcomes (seizure frequency, quality of life, anxiety, depression, mindfulness, trait rumination, cognitive impairment, emotion regulation) were assessed at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months. Parametric/nonparametric analysis of covariance and the χ2 test were used to compare the 2 arms.ResultsA total of 160 patients were enrolled in the trial. At the end of the follow-up period (6 months), the intervention arm reported significant reduction in felt stigma as compared with the control arm (Cohen's d = 0.23, 95% CI -0.08 to 0.55, p = 0.006). Significantly higher odds of >50% seizure reduction (odds ratio [OR] 4.11, 95% CI 1.34-14.69, p = 0.01) and complete seizure remission (OR 7.4, 95% CI 1.75-55.89, p = 0.005) were also observed in the intervention group. The intervention group showed significant improvement in symptoms of anxiety, cognitive impairment, mindfulness, and quality of life relative to the control group at the end of follow-up period (p < 0.05).DiscussionYoga can alleviate the burden of epilepsy and improve the overall quality of life in epilepsy by reducing perceived stigma.Trial Registration InformationClinical Trials Registry of India (CTRI/2017/04/008385).Classification of EvidenceThis study provides Class I evidence that yoga reduces felt stigma in adult patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Eribulin in metastatic breast cancer: Real world data$$$ BACKGROUND: Metastatic breast cancer (MBC) is incurable. Systemic therapy is the standard treatment; however, an optimal sequence of chemotherapy has not been established. OBJECTIVE: Evaluating effectiveness and safety of eribulin in MBC treatment and comparing the results obtained with published literature. METHODS: Observational, descriptive and retrospective study of patients with MBC treated with eribulin from 01/12/2015 to 30/10/2021. Effectiveness was analysed using Kaplan–Meier-survival-curves, for the overall number of patients treated and stratified by treatment line. Safety was measured according to adverse events (AE) based on CTCAE v5.0. Data analysis was performed using R v4.0.1. RESULTS: They were included in this study 53 women who received eribulin (median age 58 years). Comparison of median survival from this study versus published data were: progression-free-survival (PFS) 3 (IC95%: 3–4) versus 3.7 months and overall-survival (OS) 8 (IC95%: 3–4) versus 13.2 months for the overall number of patients. For the 1–3 line treatment group, PFS was 6 (IC95%: 3-NA) and OS was 15 (IC95%: 6-NA). There were 322 AEs, the most frequent being blood disorders 16% (52), general disorders 12% (38), and gastrointestinal disorders 12% (38). CONCLUSIONS: The median PFS was similar to that reported previously, with lower OS. There was a tendency to achieve better results when eribulin was used earlier. Eribulin is a less well-tolerated drug than published literature. ER  - 
Effects of New-Generation Antiepileptic Drug Prophylaxis on Delayed Neurovascular Events After Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage$$$ Neuroelectric disruptions such as seizures and cortical spreading depolarization may contribute to the development of delayed cerebral ischemia (DCI) after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH). However, effects of antiepileptic drug prophylaxis on outcomes remain controversial in SAH. The authors investigated if prophylactic administration of new-generation antiepileptic drugs levetiracetam and perampanel was beneficial against delayed neurovascular events after SAH. This was a retrospective single-center cohort study of 121 consecutive SAH patients including 56 patients of admission World Federation of Neurological Surgeons grades IV − V who underwent aneurysmal obliteration within 72 h post-SAH from 2013 to 2021. Prophylactic antiepileptic drugs differed depending on the study terms: none (2013 − 2015), levetiracetam for patients at high risks of seizures (2016 − 2019), and perampanel for all patients (2020 − 2021). The 3rd term had the lowest occurrence of delayed cerebral microinfarction on diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging, which was related to less development of DCI. Other outcome measures were similar among the 3 terms including incidences of angiographic vasospasm, computed tomography-detectable delayed cerebral infarction, seizures, and 3-month good outcomes (modified Rankin Scale 0 − 2). The present study suggests that prophylactic administration of levetiracetam and perampanel was not associated with worse outcomes and that perampanel may have the potential to reduce DCI by preventing microcirculatory disturbances after SAH. Further studies are warranted to investigate anti-DCI effects of a selective α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionate receptor antagonist perampanel in SAH patients in a large-scale prospective study. ER  - 
Co-occurring conditions in children with Down syndrome and autism: a retrospective study$$$ Background: Down syndrome (DS) is one of the most common genetic causes of intellectual disability, and it is associated with an increased incidence of numerous co-occurring conditions. Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is common in persons with DS, with rates reported as high as 39%. However, little is known regarding co-occurring conditions in children with both DS and ASD. Methods: A single-center retrospective review of prospective longitudinally collected clinical data was performed. Any patient with a confirmed diagnosis of DS evaluated at a large, specialized Down Syndrome Program in a tertiary pediatric medical center between March 2018 and March 2022 was included. A standardized survey which included demographic and clinical questions was administered during each clinical evaluation. Results: In total, 562 individuals with DS were included. The median age was 10 years (IQR: 6.18–13.92). Of this group, 72 (13%) had a co-occurring diagnosis of ASD (DS+ASD). Individuals with DS+ASD were more likely to be male (OR 2.23, CI 1.29–3.84) and had higher odds of a current or prior diagnosis of constipation (OR 2.19, CI 1.31–3.65), gastroesophageal reflux (OR 1.91, CI 1.14–3.21), behavioral feeding difficulties (OR 2.71, CI 1.02–7.19), infantile spasms (OR 6.03, CI 1.79–20.34) and scoliosis (OR 2.73, CI 1.16–6.40). There were lower odds of congenital heart disease in the DS+ASD group (OR 0.56, CI 0.34–0.93). There was no observed difference in prematurity or Neonatal Intensive Care Unit complications between groups. Individuals with DS+ASD had similar odds of having a history of congenital heart defect requiring surgery to those with DS only. Furthermore, there was no difference in rates of autoimmune thyroiditis or celiac disease. There was also no difference in rates of diagnosed co-occurring neurodevelopmental or mental health conditions in this cohort, including anxiety disorders and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Conclusions: This study identifies a variety of medical conditions which are more frequent in children with DS+ASD than DS alone, providing important information for the clinical management of these patients. Future research should investigate the role of some of these medical conditions in the development of ASD phenotypes, and whether there may be distinct genetic and metabolic contributions towards these conditions. ER  - 
A six-month prospective, randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, crossover, dietary trial design to investigate the potential of psychobiotics on seizure semiology and comorbidities in canine epilepsy: study protocol$$$ Background: Epilepsy is the most common chronic neurological disease in dogs. More than two-thirds of these patients suffer from associated behavioural comorbidities. The latter could have their origin in partially overlapping pathomechanisms, with the intestinal microbiome as a potential key link between them. The current arsenal of drugs for epilepsy management remains limited. Most canine patients continue to have seizures despite treatment and the occurrence of comorbidities is not sufficiently addressed, limiting quality of life of affected dogs and owners. Therefore, novel additional epilepsy management options are urgently needed. The microbiome-gut-brain axis may serve as a new target for the development of innovative multimodal therapeutic approaches to overcome current shortcomings in epilepsy management. Methods: A six-month prospective, randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, crossover, dietary trial was designed to investigate the potential of the psychobiotic Bifidobacterium longum on behavioural comorbidities in canine epilepsy. Seizure semiology will be evaluated as a secondary outcome measure. Thirty-four privately owned dogs are planned to be included in the ongoing study meeting the following inclusion criteria: Dogs displaying increased anxiety/fear behaviour since the start of the idiopathic epilepsy. Tier II confidence level of the International Veterinary Epilepsy Task Force for the diagnosis of idiopathic epilepsy, with a maximum seizure interval of 3 month and a minimum of three generalised seizures within that period and chronically treated with at least one antiseizure drug without improvement in seizure frequency Each dog will receive the allocated supplement (probiotic vs. placebo) alongside its normal diet for a 3-month period. After a three-week wash out period, the second phase starts by administering the respective other supplement for another 3 months. Discussion: The current study considers modern high-quality standards for epilepsy medication trials. Common biasing effects should be limited to a possible minimum (regression-to-the mean effect, placebo effect, observer effect), ensuring a high validity and accuracy of the acquired results, thus enabling a representative nature of the efficacy of Bifidobacterium longum as add-on supplement for dogs suffering from epilepsy and its comorbidities. This publication should provide a description of the study procedure and data acquisition methods, including prognosed statistical analysis. ER  - 
Determinants of quality of life in Nigerian female patients with epilepsy on carbamazepine and levetiracetam monotherapy$$$ Background: The study is aimed to identify the predictors of Quality of Life (QOL) in women with epilepsy (WWE) on carbamazepine (CBM) and levetiracetam (LTM) monotherapy. 100 WWE were recruited (50 each on CBM and LTM), after clinical diagnosis of epilepsy supported by Electroencephalography (EEG) features and seizures classification by 2017 International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) criteria, the Quality of Life Inventory Scale 31(QOLIE-31) and Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (ZSRDS) were used to assess QOL and depression, respectively. Result: Higher QOLIE-31 scores was seen in the LTM group across all domains except seizure worry (p = 0.051) compared to CBM group. Logistic regression showed that the use of CBM (p = 0.000), fast frequency on EEG (p = 0.005), longer duration of epilepsy (p = 0.017), presence of depression (p = 0.008) and lower level of education (p = 0.003) were predictors of QOL. Progesterone (p = 0.040), oestradiol (p = 0.011) and prolactin (p = 0.002) in follicular phase showed significant association with QOLIE-total score. In the luteal phase, luteinizing hormone–follicle stimulating hormone (LH–FSH) ratio (p = 0.009) and testosterone (p = 0.015), FSH (p = 0.015), prolactin (p = 0.000), showed significant association with QOL. None of the hormones independently predicts QOL. Conclusion: LTM group appears to have better QOL than CBM group. Healthcare providers should focus on addressing these identified predictors which include medication effect, depression, Level of education, EEG background and duration of epilepsy with aim of improving QOL. ER  - 
Epilepsy and associated factors in elderly people of Amirkola, North of Iran (The Amirkola Health and Ageing Project)$$$ Background: Knowledge about the associated factors with epilepsy in the elderly in Iran is limited. Therefore, yes ydtt siht to determine the prevalence of epilepsy and associated factors in Amirkola elderly patients. Methods: This cross-sectional study is a part of a comprehensive and cohort research of "The Amirkola Health and Ageing Project". The Mini-mental State Examination was used for cognitive impairment, Geriatric Depression Scale for psychiatric diseases and the Physical Activity Scale for Elderly questionnaire for physical activity. Results: The prevalence of epilepsy was 35 from 1482 participants (24/1000). The significant association between Parkinson’s Disease (OR=6.25, 95%CI=1.35-28.4, P=0.001), falls (OR= 3.81, 95%CI=1.62-8.97, P=0.001), depression (P=0.001), hyperphosphatemia (P=0.039) and hypokalemia (P= 0.031) concluded with epilepsy. Past history of stroke (6 % versus 2%, OR= 2.8, 95%CI, 0.97-8.27, P=0.07), increased serum level of triglyceride (OR= 1.96, 95%CI= 0.99-3.88, P=0.06) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) (P=0. 45) were seen in epileptic patients vs. non-epileptic patients. Conclusion: Parkinson's disease, frequency of falls and depression were the associated factors in epileptic patients and a correlation between past history of stroke, increased serum level of triglyceride and LDL with epilepsy were seen. Associated factors required screening, diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Electroacupuncture for the management of symptom clusters in cancer patients and survivors (EAST)$$$ Background: Neuropsychiatric symptoms, comprising cognitive impairment, fatigue, insomnia, depression, and anxiety, are prevalent and may co-occur during and after chemotherapy treatment for cancer. Electroacupuncture (EA), which involves mild electrical stimulation with acupuncture, holds great potential in addressing the management of individual symptoms. However, there is a lack of studies evaluating if EA can manage concurrent neuropsychiatric symptoms in cancer (i.e., symptom cluster). Hence, we designed a trial to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and feasibility of administering EA as an intervention to mitigate neuropsychiatric symptom clusters amongst cancer patients and survivors. Methods: The EAST study is a randomized, sham-controlled, patient- and assessor-blinded clinical trial. Sixty-four cancer patients and survivors with complaints of one or more neuropsychiatric symptom(s) in the seven days prior to enrollment are recruited from the University of California Irvine (UCI) and Children’s Hospital of Orange County (CHOC). Individuals with needle phobia, metastases, bleeding disorders, electronic implants, epilepsy, exposure to acupuncture in the three months prior to enrollment, and who are breastfeeding, pregnant, or planning to get pregnant during the duration of the study will be excluded. Screening for metal fragments and claustrophobia are performed prior to the optional neuroimaging procedures. Recruited patients will be randomized (1:1) in random blocks of four or six to receive either ten weekly verum EA (treatment arm, vEA) or weekly sham EA (control arm, sEA) treatment visits with a follow-up appointment four to twelve weeks after their last treatment visit. The treatment arm will receive EA at 13 acupuncture points (acupoints) chosen for their therapeutic effects, while the control arm receives minimal EA at 7 non-disease-related acupoints. Questionnaires and cognitive assessments are administered, and blood drawn to assess changes in symptom clusters and biomarkers, respectively. Conclusion: The EAST study can provide insight into the efficacy of EA, an integrative medicine modality, in the management of cancer symptom clusters in routine clinical practice. Trial registration: This trial is registered with clinicaltrials.gov NCT05283577. ER  - 
Baseline characteristics of people experiencing homelessness with a recent drug overdose in the PHOENIx pilot randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Drug-related deaths in Scotland are the highest in Europe. Half of all deaths in people experiencing homelessness are drug related, yet we know little about the unmet health needs of people experiencing homelessness with recent non-fatal overdose, limiting a tailored practice and policy response to a public health crisis. Methods: People experiencing homelessness with at least one non-fatal street drug overdose in the previous 6 months were recruited from 20 venues in Glasgow, Scotland, and randomised into PHOENIx plus usual care, or usual care. PHOENIx is a collaborative assertive outreach intervention by independent prescriber NHS Pharmacists and third sector homelessness workers, offering repeated integrated, holistic physical, mental and addictions health and social care support including prescribing. We describe comprehensive baseline characteristics of randomised participants. Results: One hundred and twenty-eight participants had a mean age of 42 years (SD 8.4); 71% male, homelessness for a median of 24 years (IQR 12–30). One hundred and eighteen (92%) lived in large, congregate city centre temporary accommodation. A quarter (25%) were not registered with a General Practitioner. Participants had overdosed a mean of 3.2 (SD 3.2) times in the preceding 6 months, using a median of 3 (IQR 2–4) non-prescription drugs concurrently: 112 (87.5%) street valium (benzodiazepine-type new psychoactive substances); 77 (60%) heroin; and 76 (59%) cocaine. Half (50%) were injecting, 50% into their groins. 90% were receiving care from Alcohol and Drug Recovery Services (ADRS), and in addition to using street drugs, 90% received opioid substitution therapy (OST), 10% diazepam for street valium use and one participant received heroin-assisted treatment. Participants had a mean of 2.2 (SD 1.3) mental health problems and 5.4 (SD 2.5) physical health problems; 50% received treatment for physical or mental health problems. Ninety-one per cent had at least one mental health problem; 66% had no specialist mental health support. Participants were frail (70%) or pre-frail (28%), with maximal levels of psychological distress, 44% received one or no daily meal, and 58% had previously attempted suicide. Conclusions: People at high risk of drug-related death continue to overdose repeatedly despite receiving OST. High levels of frailty, multimorbidity, unsuitable accommodation and unmet mental and physical health care needs require a reorientation of services informed by evidence of effectiveness and cost-effectiveness. Trial registration UK Clinical Trials Registry identifier: ISRCTN 10585019. ER  - 
Migraine symptoms, healthcare resources utilization and disease burden in a large Polish migraine cohort: Results from ‘Migraine in Poland’—a nationwide cross-sectional survey$$$ Background: The Migraine in Poland study is the first large scale nationwide cross-sectional online survey of symptoms, approaches to management, treatment patterns, quality of life, and sociodemographic characteristics of the Polish migraine patients’ cohort, conducted from August 2021 to June 2022. Methods: A cross-sectional online survey was designed based on the American Migraine Prevalence and Prevention (AMPP) Study. Participants were recruited through broad advertisement through various channels. The survey included questions allowing for the diagnosis of migraine without aura (MwoA) based on the third edition of the International Classification of Headache Disorders (ICHD-3). Moreover, the questionnaire assessed sociodemographic and headache features, comorbidities, consultation rates with medical professionals, as well as the use of abortive or preventive treatment, including non-pharmacological methods, psychological symptoms and the burden of migraine. Results: A structured online questionnaire was submitted by 3225 respondents aged 13 to 80 (mean age 38.9, 87.1% women). In this group 1679 (52.7%) of participants fulfilled ICHD-3 diagnostic criteria for MwoA, which was in most cases (88.3%) confirmed by a medical professional in the past. In this group the average number of monthly headache days was 4.7, while 47.8% of participants had at least 4 migraine days per month. Mean Migraine Disability Assessment score was 42.65 (median 32). Among MwoA respondents, 1571 (93.6%) had consulted their headache with a medical professional in the past – mostly neurologists (n = 1450 (83.4%) and primary care physicians (n = 1393 (82.9%). In the MwoA cohort, 1553 (92.5%) of participants declared the current use of some form of treatment, although only 193 (11.5%) respondents were currently on preventive medications. The most prevalent comorbidities included: chronic rhinitis (37.1%), allergies (35.9%) and low blood pressure (26.9%). Anxiety (20.4%) and depression (21.3%) were highly prevalent among participants. Conclusions: People with migraine in Poland face similar difficulties as their peers in other countries. Despite relatively high access to neurologist consultations and good diagnosis accuracy, migraine still poses diagnostic and therapeutic difficulties. In this context, migraine undertreatment in Polish population must be underlined, especially in context of high disease burden. ER  - 
Seizure semiology and predictors of outcomes in Chinese patients with glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody-associated neurological syndrome$$$ Background: In the current study, seizure semiology and potential predictive factors of seizure outcomes in glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody (GAD Ab)-associated neurological syndrome were investigated. Methods: In this study, 32 Chinese patients with GAD Ab-associated neurological syndrome who presented with seizures at Peking Union Medical College Hospital from January 2017 to October 2022 were reviewed; 30 had a follow-up duration of more than 1 year. Results: Among the 32 patients, 10 presented with epilepsy alone. Concomitant neurological syndromes were observed in 22 patients, including limbic encephalitis (n = 20), stiff-person syndrome (SPS, n = 1), and cerebellar ataxia (n = 1). Bilateral tonic–clonic seizures were observed in 21 patients (65.6%). Focal seizures occurred in 27 patients (84.4%); 17 had focal motor seizures and 18 focal non-motor seizures. Among 30 patients with long-term follow-up, 11 (36.7%) were seizure-free. Acute/subacute onset (p = 0.049) and comorbidity of limbic encephalitis with epilepsy (p = 0.023) led to better seizure outcomes. Patients with persistent epilepsy were more likely to have focal seizure (p = 0.003) and higher frequency of seizure (p = 0.001). Furthermore, these patients tended to have longer intervals from onset to immunomodulatory treatments. Early immunotherapy (within 6 months from onset) was administered in 81.8% of seizure-free patients but only in 42.1% of patients with persistent seizures. However, steroid and immunosuppressant duration did not differ in the two groups. Repeated serum GAD Ab tests during the follow-up showed no association with seizure outcomes. Conclusions: The seizure manifestations are diverse and variable. Approximately one third of patients achieved seizure remission during long-term follow-up. The type and frequency of seizures may influence the seizure outcomes. Early immunotherapy, especially within 6 months, may lead to better seizure outcomes. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and potential association to Parkinson’s disease and dementia with Lewy bodies in patients with major depressive disorder who received maintenance electroconvulsive therapy: a retrospective chart review study$$$ Background: Maintaining remission after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is clinically relevant in patients with depression, and maintenance ECT has been introduced in patients who fail to maintain remission after ECT. However, the clinical characteristics and biological background of patients who receive maintenance ECT are poorly understood. Thus, this study aimed to examine the clinical background of patients who underwent maintenance ECT. Methods: Patients with major depressive disorder who underwent ECT followed by maintenance ECT (mECT group) and those who did not (acute ECT [aECT] group) were included. Clinical characteristics, including the results of neuroimaging examinations for Parkinson’s disease (PD) and dementia with Levy body (DLB) such as myocardial 123I-metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) scintigraphy and dopamine transporter imaging single-photon emission computerized tomography (DaT-SPECT), were compared between the groups. Results: In total, 13 and 146 patients were included in the mECT and aECT groups, respectively. Compared to the aECT group, the mECT group showed a significantly higher prevalence of melancholic features (92.3% vs. 27.4%, p < 0.001) and catatonic features (46.2% vs. 9.6%, p = 0.002). Overall, 8 of the 13 patients in the mECT group and 22 of the 146 patients in the aECT group underwent neuroimaging examinations for PD/DLB. The rate of patients examined is significantly higher in the mECT group than in the aECT group (61.5% vs. 11.2%, p < 0.001). Among the groups examined, 7/8 patients in the mECT group and 16/22 patients in the aECT group showed relevant neuroimaging findings for PD/DLB; the positive rate was not significantly different between the two groups (87.5% vs. 72.7%, p = 0.638). Conclusions: Patients who receive acute and maintenance ECT may have underlying neurodegenerative diseases, including PD/DLB. Investigating the neurobiology of patients who receive maintenance ECT is important for developing appropriate treatments for depression. ER  - 
Prevalence of probable mental, neurological and substance use conditions and case detection at primary healthcare facilities across three districts in Ghana: findings from a cross-sectional health facility survey$$$ Background: Few studies have examined the prevalence of mental, neurological and substance use (MNS) conditions, case detection and treatment in primary healthcare in rural settings in Africa. We assessed prevalence and case detection at primary healthcare facilities in low-resource rural settings in Ghana. Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted at the health facility level in three demonstration districts situated in Bongo (Upper East Region), Asunafo North (Ahafo Region) and Anloga (Volta Region) in Ghana. The study participants were resident adult (> 17 years) out-patients seeking healthcare at primary care facilities in each of the three demonstration districts. Data were collected on five priority MNS conditions: depression, psychosis, suicidal behaviour, epilepsy and alcohol use disorders. Results: Nine hundred and nine (909) people participated in the survey. The prevalence of probable depression was 15.6% (142/909), probable psychotic symptoms was 12% (109/909), probable suicidal behaviour was 11.8% (107/909), probable epilepsy was 13.1% (119/909) and probable alcohol use disorders was 7.8% (71/909). The proportion of missed detection for cases of depression, self-reported psychotic symptoms, epilepsy and alcohol use disorders (AUD) ranged from 94.4 to 99.2%, and was similar across study districts. Depression was associated with self-reported psychotic symptoms (RR: 1.68; 95% CI: 1.12–1.54). For self-reported psychotic symptoms, a reduced risk was noted for being married (RR: 0.62; 95% CI: 0.39–0.98) and having a tertiary level education (RR: 0.12; 95% CI: 0.02–0.84). Increased risk of suicidal behaviour was observed for those attending a health facility in Asunafo (RR: 2.31; 95% CI: 1.27–4.19) and Anloga districts (RR: 3.32; 95% CI: 1.93–5.71). Age group of 35 to 44 years (RR: 0.43; 95% CI: 0.20–0.90) was associated with reduced risk of epilepsy. Being female (RR: 0.19; 95% CI: 0.12–0.31) and having a tertiary education (RR: 0.27; 95% CI: 0.08–0.92) were associated with reduced risk of AUD. Conclusions: Our study found a relatively high prevalence of probable MNS conditions, and very low detection and treatment rates in rural primary care settings in Ghana. There is a need to improve the capacity of primary care health workers to detect and manage MNS conditions. ER  - 
Sleep quality, anxiety, symptoms of depression, and caregiver burden among those caring for patients with Dravet syndrome: a prospective multicenter study in Germany$$$ Background: This study measured sleep quality among caregivers of patients with Dravet syndrome (DS) and assessed the impacts of mental health problems and caregiver burden on sleep quality. Methods: This multicenter, cross-sectional study of patients with DS and their caregivers throughout Germany consisted of a questionnaire and a prospective 4-week diary querying disease characteristics, demographic data, living conditions, nocturnal supervision, and caregivers’ work situations. Sleep quality was assessed using the Pittsburgh Sleeping Quality Index (PSQI). The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the Burden Scale for Family Caregivers (BSFC) were used to measure anxiety, symptoms of depression, and caregiver burden. Results: Our analysis included 108 questionnaires and 82 four-week diaries. Patients with DS were 49.1% male (n = 53), with a mean age of 13.5 ± 10.0 years. Caregivers were 92.6% (n = 100) female, with a mean age of 44.7 ± 10.6 years. The overall mean PSQI score was 8.7 ± 3.5, with 76.9% of participants (n = 83) scoring 6 or higher, indicating abnormal sleep quality. The HADS for anxiety and depression had overall mean scores of 9.3 ± 4.3 and 7.9 ± 3.7, respectively; 61.8% and 50.9% of participants scored above the cutoff value of 8 for anxiety and depression, respectively. Statistical analyses revealed caregiver anxiety levels and patients’ sleep disturbances as major factors influencing PSQI scores. The overall mean BSFC score of 41.7 ± 11.7 indicates a moderate burden, with 45.3% of caregivers scoring 42 or higher. Conclusions: Sleep quality is severely affected among caregivers of patients with DS, correlating with anxiety, comorbidities, and patients’ sleep disturbances. A holistic therapeutic approach should be implemented for patients with DS and their caregivers, focusing on the sleep quality and mental health of caregivers. Trial registration: German Clinical Trials Register (DRKS), DRKS00016967. Registered 27 May 2019, http://www.drks.de/DRKS00016967 ER  - 
Frequency of antidepressant use and clinical characteristics of children and adolescents undergoing polysomnography: an observational study$$$ Background: Antidepressants are increasingly used in children for various psychiatric disorders but also for sleep disorders such as insomnia; however, it is currently unknown how many children undergoing polysomnography (PSG) are taking anti-depressants. The aims were: to determine the frequency of use of antidepressants in paediatric patients referred for PSG, to identify the most common antidepressants used, to investigate the reasons for their use, and to analyse the PSG parameters found in children taking antidepressants. Method: An observational cross-sectional retrospective chart review of all children undergoing PSG at Seattle Children’s Hospital from 6/14/2020 to 12/8/2022 was carried out. Clinical features (such as diagnosis, especially psychiatric), sleep disorders (such as insomnia and restless sleep), and class of antidepressant used [selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs), tricyclic antidepressants (TCA), or atypical antidepressants], and PSG parameters were collected for further analysis. Results: Among 3,371 patients who underwent PSG during the study, 367 children were selected who were taking one antidepressant only (154 boys and 213 girls, mean age was 13.7 ± years 3.69). A significantly decreased sleep stage N3 was found in girls, who were older than boys. Children with insomnia had longer sleep latency than children without, but more N3. There was a prolonged rapid eye movement (REM) sleep latency in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and children with autism. REM latency was longer and REM percentage smaller in children taking SNRIs. Periodic leg movement index ≥ 5/hour was found in a higher number of children taking SSRIs or SNRIs (24.9%) than in subjects taking TCA or atypical antidepressants (13.3%) (chi-square 5.29, p = 0.013). Conclusions: Child and adolescent psychiatrists should question about the effects on sleep (both positive and negative) after initiating therapy with antidepressant medications. ER  - 
High-risk factors associated with refractory childhood bacterial meningitis in Southwest China$$$ Background: Refractory bacterial meningitis is acute, develops rapidly, and has higher mortality and morbidity than common bacterial meningitis. This study was undertaken to investigate the high-risk factors related to refractory bacterial meningitis in children with positive pathogens. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of 109 patients who had bacterial meningitis. The patients were divided into a refractory group (96 patients) and nonrefractory group (13 patients) based on the classification criteria. Seventeen clinical variables on risk factors were extracted and evaluated by univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses. Results: There were 64 males and 45 females. The onset age ranged from 1 month old to 12 years old, and the median age was 181 days old. The pathogenic bacteria included 67 cases of gram-positive (G+) bacteria (61.5%) and 42 cases of gram-negative (G-) bacteria. In patients who were 1 to 3 months old, E. coli was the most common (47.5%), followed by Streptococcus agalactiae and Staphylococcus hemolyticus (10.0%); in patients > 3 months old, S. pneumoniae was the most common (55.1%), followed by E. coli (8.7%). The multivariate analysis indicated that consciousness disorder (odds ratio [OR] = 13.050), peripheral blood C-reactive protein (CRP) ≥ 50 mg/L (OR = 29.436), and the isolate bacteria being gram-positive bacteria (OR = 8.227) were independent risk factors for predicting who would progress to refractory bacterial meningitis in this group. Conclusion: For patients who have pathogenic positive bacterial meningitis along with consciousness disorder, CRP ≥ 50 mg/L, and/or have an isolate bacteria that is a G + bacteria, it is important to be alert to the potential for progression to refractory bacterial meningitis, which demands the physicians’ significant attention. ER  - 
Video-EEG-monitoring to guide antiseizure medication withdrawal$$$ Background: Discontinuing anti-seizure medication (ASM) should be considered in persons with epilepsy with long-term seizure freedom. Clinicians should also pursue ASM withdrawal in persons with one-time seizures without increased recurrence risk and those with suspected non-epileptic events. However, ASM withdrawal is associated with the risk of recurring seizures. Monitored ASM withdrawal in an epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) could help better evaluate the risk of seizure recurrence. Here, we investigate the practice of EMU-guided ASM withdrawal, assess its indications, and aim to determine positive and negative predictors for successful withdrawal. Methods: We screened the medical records of all patients admitted to our EMU between November 1, 2019, and October 31, 2021, and included patients of at least 18 years admitted with the aim of permanent ASM withdrawal. We defined four groups of withdrawal indications: (1) long-term seizure freedom; (2) suspected non-epileptic events; (3) history of epileptic seizures but not fulfilling diagnostic criteria of epilepsy; and (4) seizure-freedom after epilepsy surgery. Successful withdrawal was defined according to the following criteria: no recoding of (sub)clinical seizure activity during VEM (groups 1, 2, and 3), patients did not meet the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) definition of epilepsy (groups 2 and 3) [14], and patients were discharged without ongoing ASM treatment (all groups). We also evaluated the prediction model by Lamberink et al. (LPM) for the risk of seizure recurrence in groups 1 and 3. Results: 55/651 (8.6%) patients fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Withdrawal indications were distributed as follows; group 1: 2/55 (3.6%); group 2: 44/55 (80%); group 3: 9/55 (16,4%); group 4: 0/55. Overall, ASM withdrawal was successful in 90.9%. The sensitivity of the LPM for a 2-year 50% relapse risk threshold was 75%, the specificity 33.3%; for a 5-year relapse risk respectively 12.5% and 33.3%, suggesting that the model is not suitable for risk assessment in patients with one-time seizures or acute-symptomatic seizures, who constituted most of the evaluated patients. Conclusions: Our study suggests that EMU-guided ASM withdrawal could be a helpful tool to support clinical decision-making and improve patient safety. Prospective, randomized trials should further evaluate this method in the future. ER  - 
Trends in adverse drug reactions related to oral weak opioid analgesics in therapeutic use in adults: A 10-year French vigilances retrospective study$$$ Aim: To describe the symptoms, patient demographics, and trends over time of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) related to weak opioid analgesics reported to the French vigilance networks. Methods: Retrospective study of data from French Poison Control Centers and Pharmacovigilance Centers databases of weak opioid analgesics-related ADRs cases, with high causality score, in adults, in therapeutic analgesic use, without co-exposure, between 2011 and 2020. Results: The number of cases was 388 in the Poisonings database and 155 in the Pharmacovigilance database; ratio of the number of these cases to all reported cases during the study period was 0.02% and 0.03%, respectively. Tramadol was most often involved (74% and 56.1%, respectively), followed by codeine (26% and 38.7%, respectively). There was no significant variation in the number of cases reported. Cases most often involved young adults (median age: 40 years) and mostly women (76%). Gastrointestinal symptoms were mostly reported (80% and 65%, respectively) as described in the Summary of Products Characteristics. Patterns of ADRs were comparable in both databases, except for codeine-associated acute pancreatitis and anaphylaxis that were reported in the Pharmacovigilance database. No fatality was observed. Severity was more often observed in the Pharmacovigilance database (30%) than in the Poisonings database (moderate toxicity: 7%). Conclusion: ADRs mostly occurred among young women using tramadol, without significant variation in the number of reported cases over time. Serious ADRs were more frequently reported to the Pharmacovigilance database, particularly for codeine. Women seemed to be at greater risk of ADRs. ER  - 
Comorbidity in incident osteoarthritis cases and matched controls using electronic health record data$$$ Background: Comorbidities are common in patients with osteoarthritis (OA). This study aimed to determine the association of a wide range of previously diagnosed comorbidities in adults with newly diagnosed OA compared with matched controls without OA. Methods: A case–control study was conducted. The data were derived from an electronic health record database that contains the medical records of patients from general practices throughout the Netherlands. Incident OA cases were defined as patients with one or more diagnostic codes recorded in their medical records that correspond to knee, hip, or other/peripheral OA. Additionally, the first OA code had to be recorded between January 1, 2006, and December 31, 2019. The date of cases’ first OA diagnosis was defined as the index date. Cases were matched (by age, sex, and general practice) to up to 4 controls without a recorded OA diagnosis. Odds ratios were derived for each 58 comorbidities separately by dividing the comorbidity prevalence of cases by that of their matched controls at the index date. Results: 80,099 incident OA patients were identified of whom 79,937 (99.8%) were successfully matched with 318,206 controls. OA cases had higher odds for 42 of the 58 studied comorbidities compared with matched controls. Musculoskeletal diseases and obesity showed large associations with incident OA. Conclusions: Most of the comorbidities under study had higher odds in patients with incident OA at the index date. While previously known associations were confirmed in this study, some associations were not described earlier. ER  - 
Flight safety risk assessment of self-medication among fighter pilots: a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Fighter pilots are a specific population in which any adverse drug reaction can unpredictably interact with aeronautical constraints and thus compromise flight safety. This issue has not been evaluated in risk assessments. Aim: To provide a semi-quantitative assessment of the risk to flight safety of self-medication in fighter pilots. Method: A cross-sectional survey that aimed at identifying the determinants of self-medication in fighter pilots was conducted. All medications consumed within 8 h preceding a flight were listed. A modified Failure Mode and Effects Analysis was performed, and any adverse drug reaction reported in the French marketing authorization document of a drug was considered a failure mode. The frequency of occurrence and severity were evaluated using specific scales to assign each to three risk criticality categories: acceptable, tolerable, and unacceptable. Results: Between March and November 2020, the responses of 170 fighter pilots were analyzed, for an overall return rate of approximately 34%. Among them, 78 reported 140 self-medication events within 8 h preceding a flight. Thirty-nine drug trade names (48 different international nonproprietary names) were listed, from which 694 potential adverse drug reactions were identified. The risk criticality was considered unacceptable, tolerable and acceptable for 37, 325 and 332 adverse drug reactions, respectively. Thus, the risk criticality was considered unacceptable, tolerable and acceptable for 17, 17, and 5 drugs, respectively. Conclusion: This analysis suggests that the overall risk to flight safety of the current practice of self-medication in fighter pilots may be considered at least tolerable, or even unacceptable. ER  - 
Unveiling the enigma: physicians' perceptions of functional neurological disorders in Egypt—a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: In medical practice, it is common to see patients who present with physical symptoms for which no disease pathology can be found. The presence of neurological symptoms that are shown to be incompatible with neurological pathophysiology is classically known as “conversion disorder” or “Functional Neurological Symptom Disorder” (FND). While FND is common in Egypt as in the rest of the world, few scientific studies systematically evaluate the degree of knowledge, attitude, and care provided by health care professionals to FND patients. We aimed to assess Egyptian physicians’ perspectives on FND. Results: A cross-sectional study has been conducted on 152 physicians dealing with FND practicing in Egypt from specialties of psychiatry, neurology, and other specialties. We found that for 45% of the participants, disordered functioning of the nervous system plus psychogenesis was the accepted etiology behind FND. Most participants were significantly not satisfied with their education about FND (p-value 0.01). Psychiatrists and neurologists significantly preferred to use the term “conversion disorder” while other specialties mainly used “psychic” and “Somatization/Somatoform Disorder” (p-value 0.001). Forty-four percent of the participants think they have a good knowledge of functional neurological disorders (FND), while the majority (86.8%) were worried about missing an organic disorder. Psychiatrists were the most confident in diagnosing FND and the most comfortable discussing it with patients (p-values 0.055 and 0.007, respectively). Conclusion: Here we highlight the common theme of worry about FND patients prevailing among healthcare professionals who are mostly perplexed about the mechanisms behind FND, and how to communicate these symptoms to other professionals and patients themselves. Future directions need to be devoted to minimizing the gap between the research finding and the currently applied care. Better education and teaching about FND may improve patient care. ER  - 
Higher rates of non-skeletal complications and greater healthcare needs in achondroplasia compared to the general UK population: a matched cohort study using the CPRD database$$$ Background: The natural history of skeletal complications in achondroplasia (ACH) is well-described. However, it remains unclear how the rates of non-skeletal complications, surgical procedures, healthcare needs and mortality differ between individuals with ACH and the general population. This study aimed to contextualise the extent of these outcomes by comparing event rates across the lifespan, between those with ACH and matched controls in a United Kingdom (UK) population. Methods: This retrospective, matched cohort study used data from national UK databases: the Clinical Practice Research Database (CPRD) GOLD from primary care, the secondary care Hospital Episode Statistics (HES) databases and the Office of National Statistics mortality records. ACH cases were identified using disorder-specific Read Codes or International Classification of Diseases 10th Revision codes. For each ACH case, up to four age- and sex-matched controls (defined as those without evidence of skeletal/growth disorders) were included. Event rates per 100 person-years were calculated for a pre-defined set of complications (informed by reviews of existing ACH literature and discussion with clinical authors), healthcare visits and mortality. Rate ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to compare case and control cohorts. Results: 541 ACH cases and 2052 controls were identified for the CPRD cohort; of these, 275 cases and 1064 matched controls had linkage to HES data. Approximately twice as many non-skeletal complications were reported among individuals with ACH versus controls (RR [95% CI] 1.80 [1.59–2.03]). Among ACH cases, a U-shaped distribution of complications was observed across age groups, whereby the highest complication rates occurred at < 11 and > 60 years of age. Individuals with ACH had greater needs for medication, GP referrals to specialist care, medical imaging, surgical procedures and healthcare visits versus controls, as well as a mortality rate of almost twice as high. Conclusions: Patients with ACH experience high rates of a range of both skeletal and non-skeletal complications across their lifespan. To manage these complications, individuals with ACH have significantly increased healthcare needs compared to the general population. These results underscore the need for more coordinated and multidisciplinary management of people with ACH to improve health outcomes across the lifespan. ER  - 
Clinical and dopaminergic imaging characteristics of the FARPRESTO cohort of trial-ready idiopathic rapid eye movement sleep behavior patients$$$ Introduction: Idiopathic/isolated rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder (iRBD) is considered the prodromal stage of alpha-synucleinopathies. Thus, iRBD patients are the ideal target for disease-modifying therapy. The risk FActoRs PREdictive of phenoconversion in iRBD Italian STudy (FARPRESTO) is an ongoing Italian database aimed at identifying risk factors of phenoconversion, and eventually to ease clinical trial enrollment of well-characterized subjects. Methods: Polysomnography-confirmed iRBD patients were retrospectively and prospectively enrolled. Baseline harmonized clinical and nigrostriatal functioning data were collected at baseline. Nigrostriatal functioning was evaluated by dopamine transporter-single-photon emission computed tomography (DaT-SPECT) and categorized with visual semi-quantification. Longitudinal data were evaluated to assess phenoconversion. Cox regressions were applied to calculate hazard ratios. Results: 365 patients were enrolled, and 289 patients with follow-up (age 67.7 ± 7.3 years, 237 males, mean follow-up 40 ± 37 months) were included in this study. At follow-up, 97 iRBD patients (33.6%) phenoconverted to an overt synucleinopathy. Older age, motor and cognitive impairment, constipation, urinary and sexual dysfunction, depression, and visual semi-quantification of nigrostriatal functioning predicted phenoconversion. The remaining 268 patients are in follow-up within the FARPRESTO project. Conclusions: Clinical data (older age, motor and cognitive impairment, constipation, urinary and sexual dysfunction, depression) predicted phenoconversion in this multicenter, longitudinal, observational study. A standardized visual approach for semi-quantification of DaT-SPECT is proposed as a practical risk factor for phenoconversion in iRBD patients. Of note, non-converted and newly diagnosed iRBD patients, who represent a trial-ready cohort for upcoming disease-modification trials, are currently being enrolled and followed in the FARPRESTO study. New data are expected to allow better risk characterization. ER  - 
Determinants of quality of life in adults with epilepsy: a multicenter, cross-sectional study from Germany$$$ Background: Assessment of quality of life (QoL) has become an important indicator for chronic neurological diseases. While these conditions often limit personal independence and autonomy, they are also associated with treatment-related problems and reduced life expectancy. Epilepsy has a tremendous impact on the QoL of patients and their families, which is often underestimated by practitioners. The aim of this work was to identify relevant factors affecting QoL in adults with epilepsy. Methods: This cross-sectional, multicenter study was conducted at four specialized epilepsy centers in Germany. Patients diagnosed with epilepsy completed a standardized questionnaire focusing on QoL and aspects of healthcare in epilepsy. Univariate regression analyses and pairwise comparisons were performed to identify variables of decreased QoL represented by the overall Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31) score. The variables were then considered in a multivariate regression analysis after multicollinearity analysis. Results: Complete datasets for the QOLIE-31 were available for 476 patients (279 [58.6%] female, 197 [41.4%] male, mean age 40.3 years [range 18–83 years]). Multivariate regression analysis revealed significant associations between low QoL and a high score on the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP; beta=-0.28, p < 0.001), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale – depression subscale (HADS-D; beta=-0.27, p < 0.001), Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory in Epilepsy (NDDI-E; beta=-0.19, p < 0.001), revised Epilepsy Stigma Scale (beta=-0.09, p = 0.027), or Seizure Worry Scale (beta=-0.18, p < 0.001) and high seizure frequency (beta = 0.14, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Epilepsy patients had reduced QoL, with a variety of associated factors. In addition to disease severity, as measured by seizure frequency, the patient’s tolerability of anti-seizure medications and the presence of depression, stigma, and worry about new seizures were strongly associated with poor QoL. Diagnosed comorbid depression was underrepresented in the cohort; therefore, therapeutic decisions should always consider individual psychobehavioral and disease-specific aspects. Signs of drug-related adverse events, depression, fear, or stigmatization should be actively sought to ensure that patients receive personalized and optimized treatment. Trial Registration: German Clinical Trials Register (DRKS00022024; Universal Trial Number: U1111-1252-5331). ER  - 
Key causes and long-term trends related to emergency department and inpatient hospital admissions of homeless persons in England$$$ Background: It is estimated that approximately 300,000 people are experiencing homelessness in England. The aim of this study was to evaluate key causes and long-term trends of emergency departments (EDs) and in hospital inpatient admissions of persons experiencing homelessness in England. Methods: ED and hospital inpatient admissions data were obtained from Hospital Episode Statistics (HES) covering all National Health Service (NHS) England hospitals. Anyone identified or declared to be experiencing homelessness during the service usage are recorded in HES datasets. Data were extracted for the 10-year study period and compared to the general population, which includes all patients attending the ED or admitted to inpatient care in England. Results: Drug- and alcohol-related causes contribute to the most frequent reasons for attendance and admissions of persons experiencing homelessness in the ED and inpatient respectively. A total of 30,406 ED attendances were recorded for persons experiencing homelessness in the year 2018/2019 (+ 44.9% rise vs 2009/10) of which injuries and poisoning respectively represented 21.8% and 17.9% of all persons experiencing homelessness presentations to the ED. Poisoning (including drug overdose) represented only 1.9% of all attendances by the general population during the same study year (rate ratio vs general populations 9.2 95% CI 9.0–9.4). High mortality rates were observed in relation to presentations attributed to drug- and alcohol-related causes. A total of 14,858 persons experiencing homelessness inpatient admissions were recorded in 2018/2019 (+ 68.6% vs 2009/2010). Psychoactive substance use constituted 12.7% of all admissions in 2018/2019 compared to 0.4% of in the general populations (rate ratio: 33.3, 95% CI: 31.9–34.7). There was a 44.3% rise in the number of admissions related to poisoning in the study period amongst persons experiencing homelessness in England (vs 14.2% in general population). Conclusion: Marked disparities around primary causes of ED and inpatient admissions were identified between persons experiencing homelessness and the general population. There is a continued need for prevention measures to reduce the prevalence of drug and alcohol, injury and poisoning-related admissions to the ED, enhanced service provision at the community level, and multisector collaborations. These initiatives should maximise opportunities for early interventions and improve outcomes for persons experiencing homelessness, including increased accessibility of healthcare and mental health services, particularly in areas that demonstrate increasing ED and inpatient attendance rates over time. ER  - 
Assessment of a modified MINDS-based protocol for management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome on an inpatient medical service$$$ Objective: To determine if a novel symptom-based alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS) protocol in a US Veterans cohort leads to significant clinical improvements in patient outcomes and safety. Background: Prior studies of AWS management, oftentimes using the revised version of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA-Ar) index, have demonstrated the effectiveness of symptom-triggered therapy for AWS. The Minnesota Detoxification Scale (MINDS) is an alternative to the CIWA-Ar index but remains unevaluated outside of the intensive care unit (ICU) setting. This study assesses outcomes in AWS management prior to and after the implementation of a novel MINDS-based AWS protocol (SDAWP) utilizing a revised MINDS index (MINDS-rev) in an inpatient medical ward setting. Methods: Retrospective cohort study including encounters prior to (n = 342) and after (n = 338) the implementation of the protocol. Pre- and post-protocol encounters were selected by combinations of diagnostic codes and charting elements. Outcome measures of AWS management were obtained in both groups. The primary endpoint was median total benzodiazepine exposure. Secondary outcomes included median length of hospitalization, median duration of benzodiazepine administration, and the incidence of complications. Results: The median total benzodiazepine exposure in the post-SDAWP group was significantly lower than the pre-SDAWP group (21.2 vs. 12.0 mg, p < 0.0001) and for a significantly shorter median duration of time (4.0 vs. 3.0 days, p < 0.0001). There was no significant difference in the median length of stay (4.0 vs. 4.0 days, p = 0.50). The incidence of delirium tremens (21 vs. 7, p = 0.01) and need for transfer to a higher level of care (33 vs. 12, p = 0.002) was significantly lower in the post-SDAWP group. Conclusion: The SDAWP has provided significant improvements in AWS management in our institution and may potentially serve as a template for wider use in other inpatient settings. ER  - 
Heterogeneity of clinical features, EEG and brain imaging findings in anti-leucine-rich glioma-inactivated protein 1 autoimmune encephalitis: a retrospective case series study and review of the literature$$$ Background: Anti-leucine-rich glioma-inactivated 1 (LGI-1) autoimmune encephalitis (AE), characterized by rapid decline of memory, seizures, and neuropsychiatric abnormalities, is a rare but devastating disorder. Early diagnosis and treatment are essential to prevent long-term sequelae. In this report, we provide a detailed description of clinical characteristics, laboratory test results, imaging, and electroencephalography (EEG) findings, as well as treatment responses of eight patients with anti-LGI-1 AE treated at our center. Case presentation: At the onset, all eight patients presented with confusion/memory deterioration, seizures (including faciobrachial dystonic seizures or other types of seizure), and behavioral changes such as hallucination, paranoia, and anxiety. Four patients were found with severe hyponatremia. Anti-LGI1 antibodies were detected in the cerebrospinal fluid and/or serum of all patients. For patients with faciobrachial dystonic seizures, no discernible scalp EEG change was detected, while EEG recording of patients experiencing other types of seizure showed focal slowing, focal epileptiform discharges, and focal onset seizures. All patients showed abnormal brain magnetic resonance imaging signals, mainly involving the mesial temporal lobe and the hippocampus. In addition, one patient also experienced fulminant cerebral edema during the acute phase of the illness. All patients received immunotherapy and anti-seizure medications and achieved good seizure control. Nevertheless, these patients continued to experience cognitive impairment during their long-term follow-ups. Conclusions: The care of anti-LGI1 AE patients requires rapid evaluation, prompt initiation of immunotherapy, and long-term follow-up. The long-term presence of neurocognitive complications observed in these patients underline the importance of developing reliable biomarkers that can distinguish between different subtypes of this disease with heterogeneous clinico-electrographico-radiological features. Further research is needed to understand the molecular mechanisms underlying the heterogeneity, in order to facilitate development of more effective treatments for anti-LGI1 AE. ER  - 
Shift from older- to newer-generation antiseizure medications in people with acute ischemic stroke in Australia: A population-based study$$$ Objective: To investigate the trends in antiseizure medications (ASMs) use following ischemic stroke and to examine factors associated with use of newer- and older-generation ASMs. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using state-wide linked health datasets. Patients who were hospitalized with a first-ever ischemic stroke between 2013 and 2017 and were dispensed ASM within 12 months from discharge were included. Logistic regression was used to examine the predictors of receiving newer-generation ASMs. Generalized linear modeling was used to identify factors associated with ASM use after ischemic stroke. Results: Of 19 601 people hospitalized with a first-ever ischemic stroke, 989 were dispensed an ASM within 12 months from discharge. The most prevalent first ASMs were levetiracetam (38.0%), valproate (25.8%), and carbamazepine (10.3%). Most people were dispensed ASM monotherapy (86.9%). There was a shift toward the use of newer-generation ASMs between 2013 and 2017 (odds ratio [OR] 2.82, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.92–4.16). Metropolitan residents were more likely to be dispensed newer-generation ASMs as a first-line treatment (OR 1.79, 95% CI 1.31–2.45). People over 85 years (OR 0.38, 95% CI 0.23–0.64), with dementia (OR 0.35, 95% CI 0.19–0.63) and psychotic comorbidities (OR 0.29, 95% CI 0.09–0.96) were less likely to be dispensed newer-generation ASMs. Older age (coefficient [β] 0.23, P = 0.030), history of beta blocker use (β 0.17, P = 0.029), multiple ASMs (β 0.78, P < 0.001), and newer-generation ASM (β 0.23, P = 0.001) were associated with higher defined daily dose (DDD) of ASM whereas female sex and being married were associated with lower DDD. Significance: There has been a shift toward newer-generation ASMs for poststroke seizures and epilepsy. Concerningly, vulnerable patient groups were more likely to be dispensed older-generation ASMs. This may lead to unnecessary exposure to adverse events and drug–drug interactions. Further research is needed to evaluate comparative effectiveness and safety of newer- and older-generation ASMs in poststroke populations. ER  - 
Susac syndrome: neurological update (clinical features, long-term observational follow-up and management of sixteen patients)$$$ Susac syndrome is a likely autoimmune microangiopathy affecting the brain, retina and inner ear. Due to the rarity of this condition, diagnosis and treatment can be challenging. Diagnosis is based on the presence of the clinical triad of central nervous system dysfunction, branch retinal artery occlusions and sensorineural hearing loss. Typical MRI findings of callosal and peri-callosal lesions may assist in diagnosis. Clinical course can be monophasic, polycyclic or chronic continuous. It is important to look out for red flags to attain an accurate diagnosis and follow a therapeutic algorithm based on severity of the disease and response to treatment. Patients are treated with steroids and immunosuppressive agents with a variable response. Early aggressive treatment especially in severe cases, may help in preventing relapses and morbidity/disability. This study highlights important diagnostic features and proposes a treatment algorithm based on clinical experience from management of 16 patients from 2 neuroscience centres in the UK since 2007, who were followed up over a long period of 3–15 years. ER  - 
Polymorphism of glucocorticoid receptor gene (rs41423247) in functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks)$$$ Objective: We investigated the association between the glucocorticoid receptor (GR) gene, also known as the nuclear receptor subfamily 3, group C, member 1 (NR3C1), rs41423247 polymorphism, and functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks) in a case–control study. We hypothesized that the tested polymorphism has significant associations with functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks) independent from comorbid depression. Methods: Seventy patients with functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks), 70 with major depressive disorder (MDD), and 70 healthy controls (HCs) were studied. Their DNAs were analyzed for NR3C1 rs41423247 polymorphism. Results: Genotype and allele frequencies of rs41423247 were different between the three groups. G allele carriers were more frequent in patients with functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks) and those with MDD compared to HCs (p = 0.0001). However no significant difference was observed with respect to allele distributions between functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks) and MDD groups (p = 0.391). CC genotype was less often associated with functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks) versus HC: Codominant model; p = 0.001, OR = 0.11, 95% CI = 0.05–0.24, and −2loglilkelihood = 231.7. In comparison between functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks) group and other (MDD + HC) groups, we observed a significant association between CG genotype and functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks) (Codominant model; p = 0.001, OR = 5.63, 95% CI = 2.60–12.40 and −2loglikelihood = 245.99). Significance: Patients with functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks) and those with MDD were significantly more often G allele carriers in rs41423247 compared with HCs. We observed a significant association between CG genotype and functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks). However, we could not exclude the possibility of confounding effects of depression. Future genetic studies of patients with functional seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures/attacks) should include a comparison group with depression in addition to a comparison group of HCs. ER  - 
Development and validation of a peripheral cell ratio and lactate score for differentiating status epilepticus from prolonged psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: Differentiating status epilepticus (SE) from prolonged psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (pPNES) can be difficult clinically. We aimed to define the utility of peripheral cell counts, cell ratios, and lactate levels in distinguishing SE from pPNES. Methods: Retrospective two-center study investigating the sensitivity and specificity of acute (≤12 h of event offset) peripheral cell counts, cell ratios (neutrophil–lymphocyte ratio, neutrophil–monocyte ratio, monocyte–lymphocyte ratio, platelet–lymphocyte ratio, systemic immune-inflammatory index [SII], systemic inflammatory response index [SIRI]), and lactate levels in differentiating SE from pPNES. Patients were identified from two tertiary hospitals, with one forming the development cohort and the other the validation cohort. Using generalized additive models to generate biomarker vs time curves, optimal blood collection times were defined for set parameters. Three diagnostic scores combining neutrophil count, SII, or SIRI with lactate levels were developed and validated in separate cohorts. Results: For the development cohort, 1262 seizure-like events were reviewed and 79 SE and 44 pPNES events were included. For the validation cohort, 241 events were reviewed and 20 SE and 11 pPNES events were included. Individually, the biomarkers generally had low sensitivity and reasonable specificity for differentiating SE from pPNES, with the neutrophil count, SIRI, and SII performing best with sensitivities of 0.65–0.84, specificities of 0.64–0.89, and ROC AUCs of 0.78–0.79. Lactate levels peaked at 60 min, while cell counts and ratios peaked after 240 min. Combining early peaking lactate levels and later peaking neutrophil count, SIRI or SII resulted in three scores that improved predictive potential with sensitivities of between 0.75 and 0.79, specificities between 0.93 and 1.00, and ROC AUCs of 0.89–0.91. Significance: Lactate levels peak early post-SE, whereas cell counts and ratios do so later. The differing post-event time profiles of lactate levels vs neutrophil count, SIRI, and SII allow incorporation into three separate scores which can assist in differentiating SE from pPNES. ER  - 
Clinical presentations and treatment outcomes of Hashimoto encephalopathy at Siriraj Hospital – Thailand’s largest national tertiary referral center$$$ Background: Hashimoto encephalopathy has multiple clinical presentations, and other than the presence of thyroid antibody, laboratory and imaging investigations are all non-specific. Data specific to the clinical presentations and treatment outcomes of patients with Hashimoto encephalopathy in Thailand remain scarce. Objectives: To retrospectively investigate the clinical presentations and treatment outcomes of patients with Hashimoto encephalopathy at Siriraj Hospital. Methods: Patients who presented with acute encephalopathy at our center during July 2012-March 2017 were evaluated for eligibility. The inclusion criteria were positive anti-thyroperoxidase (anti-TPO) or anti-thyroglobulin (anti-Tg) in serum with negative neuronal antibody in serum or cerebral spinal fluid (CSF). Clinical presentations, symptom duration, laboratory results of thyroid status and thyroid autoantibody, CSF study, and clinical outcomes were collected. Results: Of the 204 patients who presented with encephalopathy, 31 (15.2%) were positive for the anti-TPO or anti-Tg antibody. Of those, 13 patients met the diagnostic criteria for Hashimoto encephalopathy. Clinical presentations included cognitive impairment (76.9%), clouding of consciousness (46.2%), and behavior change (30.8%). The neuropsychiatric presentations were visual hallucination (30.8%), auditory hallucination (15.4%), delusion (7.7%), and mood disturbance (23.1%). Other clinical presentations included seizure (38.5%), abnormal movement (23.1%), sleep disturbance (38.5%), ataxia (46.2%), stroke-like episode (15.4%), and fever (15.4%). Most patients (76.9%) had onset within < 3 months. Regarding outcomes, 1 patient who did not receive corticosteroid died from status epilepticus and septic shock. Among the 12 patients who received corticosteroid, 9 (75%) had marked improvement, 1 (8.3%) had slight improvement, and 2 (16.6%) had no clinical improvement. Seven patients (53.9%) had normal thyroid function, 4 patients (30.8%) had subclinical hypothyroidism, and 2 patients (15.4%) had subclinical hyperthyroidism. Conclusions: The results of this study revealed cognitive impairment, neuropsychiatric symptoms, seizure, ataxia, and sleep disturbance to be common manifestations of Hashimoto encephalopathy. This condition should always be considered in individuals with subacute onset of unexplained cognitive impairment or cerebellar ataxia. Laboratory and neuroimaging investigations were all found to be nonspecific in Hashimoto encephalopathy. Most patients responded well to treatment, so clinical suspicion and early diagnosis and treatment will lead to improved patient outcomes. ER  - 
SLCO5A1 and synaptic assembly genes contribute to impulsivity in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy$$$ Elevated impulsivity is a key component of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), bipolar disorder and juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME). We performed a genome-wide association, colocalization, polygenic risk score, and pathway analysis of impulsivity in JME (n = 381). Results were followed up with functional characterisation using a drosophila model. We identified genome-wide associated SNPs at 8q13.3 (P = 7.5 × 10−9) and 10p11.21 (P = 3.6 × 10−8). The 8q13.3 locus colocalizes with SLCO5A1 expression quantitative trait loci in cerebral cortex (P = 9.5 × 10−3). SLCO5A1 codes for an organic anion transporter and upregulates synapse assembly/organisation genes. Pathway analysis demonstrates 12.7-fold enrichment for presynaptic membrane assembly genes (P = 0.0005) and 14.3-fold enrichment for presynaptic organisation genes (P = 0.0005) including NLGN1 and PTPRD. RNAi knockdown of Oatp30B, the Drosophila polypeptide with the highest homology to SLCO5A1, causes over-reactive startling behaviour (P = 8.7 × 10−3) and increased seizure-like events (P = 6.8 × 10−7). Polygenic risk score for ADHD genetically correlates with impulsivity scores in JME (P = 1.60 × 10−3). SLCO5A1 loss-of-function represents an impulsivity and seizure mechanism. Synaptic assembly genes may inform the aetiology of impulsivity in health and disease. ER  - 
Cerebral microbleeds in the poisoned patient: An observational magnetic resonance imaging study$$$ Critical illness-associated cerebral microbleeds of poorly understood pathophysiology have been observed on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in severely hypoxaemic patients similarly to high-altitude cerebral oedema patients. The prevalence and circumstances of occurrence of such cerebral microbleeds in the severely poisoned patients are unknown. We retrospectively reviewed all cerebral MRIs performed in the poisoned patients with atypical neurological presentation or outcome admitted to our intensive care unit in 2014–2021. Three out of 64 patients (4.7%) investigated with cerebral MRI among the 2986 severely poisoned patients presented cerebral microbleeds. Microbleeds were localized in the white cerebral matter mainly in the corpus callosum. Ingested toxicants included dichlorvos, methadone and tramadol. Patients were found comatose with possibly prolonged severe hypoxaemia requiring prompt tracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation. They presented delayed arousal and dysexecutive syndrome leading to sequelae. Microbleeds on MRI can occur in the critically ill poisoned patients and seems to be a multifactorial phenomenon. A direct relationship with the toxicant seems improbable. Physicians should be aware of such a non-specific complication accounting for sequelae. ER  - 
Clinical Features, Incidence and Treatment Outcome in Pregnancy-Associated Osteoporosis: A Single-Centre Experience over Two Decades$$$ Pregnancy-associated osteoporosis (PAO) is a rare syndrome which typically presents with vertebral fractures during pregnancy or lactation. The medical records of sixteen patients with PAO who presented to a specialist clinic at the Western General Hospital in Edinburgh over a 20-year period were reviewed to evaluate the mode of presentation, potential risk factors and response to treatment. The most common presentation was back pain occurring in 13/16 (81.2%) individuals due to multiple vertebral fractures. The diagnosis was usually made postpartum and in 12/16 individuals (75.0%), PAO presented during the woman’s first pregnancy. Medicines which could have contributed to the development of PAO included thromboprophylaxis therapies in 8 subjects (50.0%), inhaled or injected corticosteroids in 5 (31.3%), anticonvulsants in 2 (12.5%) and a LHRH agonist in 1 (6.3%). Five individuals reported a family history of osteoporosis, and two pregnancies were complicated by hyperemesis gravidarum. Treatments administered included calcium and vitamin D supplements, bisphosphonates and teriparatide. Bone mineral density increased following the diagnosis in all cases, regardless of treatment given. One patient had further fracture during follow-up, but four patients had subsequent pregnancies without fractures. We estimated that in this locality, the incidence of PAO was 6.8/100,000 pregnancies with a point prevalence of 4.1 per 100,000 women. This case series indicates the importance of family history of osteoporosis and thromboprophylaxis drugs as risk factors for PAO while also demonstrating that the reductions in bone density tend to reverse with time, irrespective of the treatment given. ER  - 
The role of creatine kinase in distinguishing generalized tonic–clonic seizures from psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and syncope: a retrospective study and meta-analysis of 1300 patients$$$ Background/aim: As the clinical differentiation between epileptic seizures, psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), and syncope depends mainly on a detailed report of the event, which may not be available, an objective assessment of a potential biochemical analysis is needed. We aimed to investigate whether serum creatine kinase (CK) could be used to differentiate epileptic seizure from PNES and syncope and to assess the strength of evidence present. Methods: We directed a retrospective cohort study coupled with a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies that measured CK in patients with epilepsy, PNES, syncope, and healthy controls. Results: The cohort study, which traced 202 patients, showed that the CK level was significantly higher 48 h after the event in the epilepsy group versus patients with syncope (p < 0.01) Along with 1086 patients obtained through a database search for meta-analysis, CK level compared to different types of seizures from PNES was higher in epileptic seizure patients with a mean difference of 568.966 mIU/ml (95% CI 166.864, 971.067). The subgroup analysis of CK showed that it was higher in GTCS compared to syncope with a mean difference of 125.39 mIU/ml (95% CI 45.25, 205.52). Discussion: Increased serum levels of CK have been associated mainly with epileptic seizures in relation to non-epileptic events. However, further studies would try to explore the variation in measurements and any other potential diagnostic marker. Conclusion: The cohort study shows that the CK level in epilepsy seizures is higher after 48 h from the event compared to syncope. Moreover, the meta-analysis results show the present diagnostic utility of CK and its importance to be used in accordance with a detailed report of the event. ER  - 
Persistent headaches one year after bacterial meningitis: prevalence, determinants and impact on quality of life$$$ Background: Little is known on headaches long-term persistence after bacterial meningitis and on their impact on patients’ quality of life. Methods: In an ancillary study of the French national prospective cohort of community-acquired bacterial meningitis in adults (COMBAT) conducted between February 2013 and July 2015, we collected self-reported headaches before, at onset, and 12 months (M12) after meningitis. Determinants of persistent headache (PH) at M12, their association with M12 quality of life (SF 12), depression (Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale) and neuro-functional disability were analysed. Results: Among the 277 alive patients at M12 87/274 (31.8%), 213/271 (78.6%) and 86/277 (31.0%) reported headaches before, at the onset, and at M12, respectively. In multivariate analysis, female sex (OR: 2.75 [1.54–4.90]; p < 0.001), pre-existing headaches before meningitis (OR: 2.38 [1.32–4.30]; p < 0.01), higher neutrophilic polynuclei percentage in the CSF of the initial lumbar puncture (OR: 1.02 [1.00–1.04]; p < 0.05), and brain abscess during the initial hospitalisation (OR: 8.32 [1.97–35.16]; p < 0.01) were associated with M12 persistent headaches. Neither the responsible microorganism, nor the corticoids use were associated with M12 persistent headaches. M12 neuro-functional disability (altered Glasgow Outcome Scale; p < 0.01), M12 physical handicap (altered modified Rankin score; p < 0.001), M12 depressive symptoms (p < 0.0001), and M12 altered physical (p < 0.05) and mental (p < 0.0001) qualities of life were associated with M12 headaches. Conclusion: Persistent headaches are frequent one year after meningitis and are associated with quality of life alteration. Clinical trial: NCT01730690. ER  - 
The relationship between mood and anxiety and cognitive phenotypes in adults with pharmacoresistant temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Objective: Patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) are often at a high risk for cognitive and psychiatric comorbidities. Several cognitive phenotypes have been identified in TLE, but it is unclear how phenotypes relate to psychiatric comorbidities, such as anxiety and depression. This observational study investigated the relationship between cognitive phenotypes and psychiatric symptomatology in TLE. Methods: A total of 826 adults (age = 40.3, 55% female) with pharmacoresistant TLE completed a neuropsychological evaluation that included at least two measures from five cognitive domains to derive International Classification of Cognitive Disorders in Epilepsy (IC-CoDE) cognitive phenotypes (i.e., intact, single-domain impairment, bi-domain impairment, generalized impairment). Participants also completed screening measures for depression and anxiety. Psychiatric history and medication data were extracted from electronic health records. Multivariable proportional odds logistic regression models examined the relationship between IC-CoDE phenotypes and psychiatric variables after controlling for relevant covariates. Results: Patients with elevated depressive symptoms had a greater odds of demonstrating increasingly worse cognitive phenotypes than patients without significant depressive symptomatology (odds ratio [OR] = 1.123–1.993, all corrected p's <.05). Number of psychotropic (OR = 1.584, p <.05) and anti-seizure medications (OR = 1.507, p <.001), use of anti-seizure medications with mood-worsening effects (OR = 1.748, p =.005), and history of a psychiatric diagnosis (OR = 1.928, p <.05) also increased the odds of a more severe cognitive phenotype, while anxiety symptoms were unrelated. Significance: This study demonstrates that psychiatric factors are not only associated with function in specific cognitive domains but also with the pattern and extent of deficits across cognitive domains. Results suggest that depressive symptoms and medications are strongly related to cognitive phenotype in adults with TLE and support the inclusion of these factors as diagnostic modifiers for cognitive phenotypes in future work. Longitudinal studies that incorporate neuroimaging findings are warranted to further our understanding of the complex relationships between cognition, mood, and seizures and to determine whether non-pharmacologic treatment of mood symptoms alters cognitive phenotype. ER  - 
An exploratory study of brain temperature and choline abnormalities in temporal lobe epilepsy patients with depressive symptoms$$$ Objective: Epilepsy and depression share neurobiological origins, and evidence suggests a possible bidirectional relationship that remains poorly understood. This exploratory, cross-sectional study aimed to investigate this relationship by employing magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging (MRSI) and thermometry (MRSI-t) in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) with comorbid depressive symptoms and control participants. This is the first study to combine MRSI and MRSI-t to examine brain temperature and choline abnormalities in regions implicated in seizure onset and depression. Methods: Twenty-six patients with TLE and 26 controls completed questionnaires and underwent imaging at 3T. Volumetric echo-planar MRSI/MRSI-t data were processed within the Metabolite Imaging and Data Analysis System (MIDAS). Choline (CHO) was quantified as a ratio over creatine (CRE; CHO/CRE). Brain temperature (TCRE) was calculated based on the chemical shift difference of H2O relative to CRE's stable location on the ppm spectrum. The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale measured anxiety and depressive symptoms. The Chalfont Seizure Severity Scale measured seizure severity in patients with TLE. Two sets of voxelwise independent sample t tests examined group differences in CHO/CRE and TCRE maps. Voxel-based multimodal canonical correlation analysis (mCCA) linked both datasets to investigate if, how, and where CHO/CRE and TCRE abnormalities were correlated in TLE participants and controls. Results: Compared to controls, patients with TLE reported more depressive symptoms (P = 0.04) and showed CHO/CRE and TCRE elevations in left temporal and bilateral frontal regions implicated in seizure onset and depressive disorders (pFWE < 0.05). For the TLE group, CHO/CRE levels in temporal and frontal cortices were associated with elevated TCRE in bilateral frontal and temporal gyri (r = 0.96), and decreased TCRE in bilateral fronto-parietal regions (r = −0.95). Significance: Abnormalities in TCRE and CHO/CRE were observed in seizure-producing areas and in regions implicated in depression. These preliminary findings suggest that common metabolic changes may underlie TLE and depression. Our results suggest further investigations into the proposed bidirectional mechanisms underlying this relationship are warranted. ER  - 
Prognostic factors in epilepsy with eyelid myoclonia (Jeavons syndrome)$$$ Purpose: To describe the prognostic factors of drug resistance in 40 patients with epilepsy with eyelid myoclonia or Jeavons syndrome. Method: Retrospective analysis from two French tertiary centers. Results: Forty patients were enrolled (31 females and 9 males; mean age at epilepsy onset: 6.2 ± 3.4 years [range: 1–15 years]). Half of the patients (20/40) achieved at least a one-year remission from all seizure types. In the responders, seizure freedom was achieved after a mean 13.85 ± 13.43 years from the onset of epilepsy (range: 1–44). The presence of intellectual disability and an earlier onset of the disease (≤ 5 years) were the most powerful predictors of poor seizure control (P = 0.003 and P = 0.005, respectively). When considering the age of onset, patients with early-onset seizures (≤ 5 years) presented more frequently with intellectual disabilities, psychiatric comorbidities, absences, and a major risk of refractoriness (70% versus 30%, P = 0.01) than patients with onset after 5 years. At the last follow-up, 15 patients (37.5%) were taking a single drug, 16 (40%) were taking two, and seven (17.5%) were taking more than two. The most frequent drugs were valproate (23/40, 57.7%), followed by levetiracetam (16/40, 40%), and lamotrigine (14/40, 35%). Conclusion: Patients with Jeavons syndrome present a high rate of pharmaco-resistance with the need for long-term treatment. Early onset of epilepsy and the presence of intellectual disability appeared to be the most relevant predictors of poor seizure control, suggesting the use of genetic tests to individualize specific etiologies and perhaps adapt the therapeutic strategy. ER  - 
POST-TREATMENT COMPLICATIONS AMONG DRUG RESISTANT TUBERCULOSIS PATIENTS IN TERTIARY CARE SETTINGS$$$ Despite major social and medical interventions around the sphere, tuberculosis is still a global health concern from many decades. Drug resistant tuberculosis is more difficult to treat further advent of adverse effects on completion of treatment compromise the quality of life. Patients infected with drug resistant TB are more prone to get toxic effects of chemotherapeutic drugs. Some of the adverse effects are long lasting and chronic. Aim of this study was to observe the adverse effects and complications of drug resistant TB patients on completion of their treatment at programmatic management of drug resistant TB (PMDT) site in a tertiary care hospital. This cross sectional study was undertaken at PMDT site of a well-known tertiary care hospital of Lahore Pakistan from February 2021 to January 2023. All the patients of drug resistant TB completing their treatment from PMDT site were interviewed to ask about complications and adverse effects. Ethical permission for this work was obtained and data was collected on predesigned questionnaire then entered and analyzed in SPSS. A total of 150 drug resistant TB patients were interviewed, consisting of 83 (55.3%) males and 67 (44.7%) females. An overall mean age of patients was remained to be 34.59±14.95 years. Joint pain (32.7%) was the most common complication reported by drug resistant TB patients followed by Nausea (32.0%) and vomiting (23.3%). Irreversible hearing loss (3.3%) and vision problems (2.7%) were also reported. Drugs to treat resistant TB cases keep higher level of toxicity as 79.3% of the study subjects had at least one complication. Male gender and long treatment group acquired significantly higher level of complications as compared to female gender and short term group respectively. ER  - 
Exploring the Influential Factors Impacting the Provision of Family-Centered Care for Children with Cerebral Palsy in Saudi Arabia$$$ Family-centered care is widely considered as best practice in pediatric rehabilitation. We aimed to investigate parents’ perception of the family-centeredness of health care services for their children with cerebral palsy (CP) using the Arabic Measure of Processes of Care-20 (AR-MPOC-20). We also explored factors related to the child (sex, secondary impairments, and gross motor classification system level) and environment (family and residential region) that may influence the family-centeredness of services in Saudi Arabia. This was a cross-sectional study of 223 children with CP (age 6 months–18.2 years, M = 6.2 + 3.7 years) and their parents. Generally, parents perceived services as less family-centered. The lowest average score was for ‘Providing General Information’ (M = 2.9 ± 1.5), while ‘Respectful and Supportive Care’ had the highest average (M = 4.6 ± 1.8). Factors influencing the provision of family-centered care included being a female child and a mother’s educational level. In addition, all subscales of AR-MPOC-20 differed by region, p < 0.001, except for ‘Providing Specific Information’ which did not significantly differ by region p = 0.163. Clinicians should consider the families’ need for information regarding their children’s condition and available services, with special attention to the mothers of female children and mothers with low levels of education. ER  - 
Prescription Practices of Cannabinoids in Children with Cerebral Palsy Worldwide—A Survey of the Swiss Cerebral Palsy Registry$$$ Cannabinoids are prescribed to children with cerebral palsy despite limited evidence. We aimed to assess cannabinoid prescribing practices in children with cerebral palsy, focusing on indications, types of preparations used, and tolerability. Furthermore, we investigated how physicians acquire knowledge about cannabinoid medication. We asked physicians with expertise in the care of children with cerebral palsy about their prescribing practices for cannabinoids. Data were collected through an online survey, which was distributed by email. In addition to the demographic information of participants, we also inquired about the indications for the prescription of cannabinoids, experiences regarding efficacy, and observed side effects of the therapy. Seventy physicians from Europe, North America, and Australia completed the survey. Forty-seven participants were experienced in treating of children with cerebral palsy with cannabinoids. The most common indication was epilepsy (69%), followed by spasticity (64%) and pain (63%). The preparations and doses prescribed varied considerably. Half of the participants evaluated the effect of the cannabinoids as moderate. Twenty-nine physicians reported side effects, most frequently, drowsiness (26%), somnolence (19%), fatigue (13%), and diarrhea (13%). Despite the lack of evidence to date, cannabinoids are used to treat children with cerebral palsy in a wide variety of indications. Randomized controlled trials in this vulnerable patient group are therefore of utmost importance. ER  - 
Work-Up and Treatment Strategies for Individuals with PIK3CA-Related Disorders: A Consensus of Experts from the Scientific Committee of the Italian Macrodactyly and PROS Association$$$ PIK3CA-related disorders encompass many rare and ultra-rare conditions caused by somatic genetic variants that hyperactivate the PI3K-AKT-mTOR signaling pathway, which is essential for cell cycle control. PIK3CA-related disorders include PIK3CA-related overgrowth spectrum (PROS), PIK3CA-related vascular malformations and PIK3CA-related non-vascular lesions. Phenotypes are extremely heterogeneous and overlapping. Therefore, diagnosis and management frequently involve various health specialists. Given the rarity of these disorders and the limited number of centers offering optimal care, the Scientific Committee of the Italian Macrodactyly and PROS Association has proposed a revision of the most recent recommendations for the diagnosis, molecular testing, clinical management, follow-up, and treatment strategies. These recommendations give insight on molecular diagnosis, eligible samples, preferable sequencing, and validation methods and management of negative results. The purpose of this paper is to promote collaboration between health care centers and clinicians with a joint shared approach. Finally, we suggest the direction of present and future research studies, including new systemic target therapies, which are currently under evaluation in several clinical trials, such as specific inhibitors that can be employed to downregulate the signaling pathway. ER  - 
Medications for opioid use disorder prescribed at hospital discharge associated with decreased opioid agonist dispensing in patients with opioid use disorder requiring critical care: A retrospective study$$$ Introduction: Buprenorphine is highly effective for the treatment of opioid use disorder (OUD), and, in recent years, the rates of patients maintained on buprenorphine requiring critical care have been steadily increasing. Currently, no unified guidance exists for buprenorphine management during critical illness. Likewise, we do not know if patients maintained on buprenorphine for OUD are prescribed medications for OUD (MOUD) following hospital discharge or if buprenorphine management influences mu opioid agonist dispensing. Methods: In our cohort of adults over the age of 18 with OUD, receiving buprenorphine formulations in the 3 months preceding their ICU admission, we sought to investigate the relationship between receipt of MOUD and non-MOUD opioid prescribing up to 12 months following hospital discharge. This was a single-center, retrospective cohort study approved by the MaineHealth institutional review board. The study analyzed differences in prescription rates between discharge and subsequent time points using chi square or Fisher's exact test, as appropriate. We performed analyses using SPSS Statistical Software version 28 (IBM SPSS Inc., Armonk, NY) with significance set at p < 0.05. Results: We identified a statistically significant increase in MOUD prescribing 3 months posthospital discharge in patients who received MOUD at time of discharge (87.9 % vs 40 % p = 0.002.) The study found a significant increase in nonbuprenorphine opioid prescribing in patients who did not receive an MOUD prescription at time of discharge (24.2 % vs 70 % p = 0.007). This trend persisted at the 6-month and 12-month time points; however, it did not reach statistical significance. Additionally, the study identified a significant reduction in the incidence of non-MOUD opioid dispensing in patients prescribed MOUD at each time point measured (p = 0.007, p < 0.001. p < 0.001 and p = 0.008 at discharge, 3, 6, and 12 months, respectively). Conclusions: These findings support continuing buprenorphine dispensing following hospital discharge. ER  - 
Pitolisant-supported bridging during drug holidays to deal with tolerance to modafinil in patients with narcolepsy$$$ Study objectives: Modafinil is a common treatment for excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in narcolepsy. The long-term use of modafinil can lead to tolerance with the loss of efficacy and the continuous increase of its dose. Pharmacological strategies to deal with the tolerance to modafinil are lacking. We investigated the efficacy and safety of pitolisant-supported bridging during drug holidays in patients with tolerance to modafinil. Methods: Narcolepsy patients on monotherapy with modafinil who developed symptoms of tolerance were eligible. The following alternating therapy regimen was established: Monday to Friday patients continued on modafinil whereas Saturday and Sunday they switched to pitolisant to “bridge” the EDS symptoms. Patients were assessed at baseline and after three months with the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) and the Ullanlinna Narcolepsy Scale (UNS). Health-related quality of life (HrQol) was evaluated by EuroQol5D. Adverse events were documented in the patients’ diaries. Results: 41 patients aged 30.9 ± 5.6 years were included. After three months of the alternating therapy regimen, the symptoms of tolerance decreased and the modafinil dose could be reduced by 41% (p < 0.01) resulting in better safety. The EDS improved on ESS (baseline: 18.2 ± 4.2, follow-up: 12.6 ± 4.0, p < 0.0001) and UNS (baseline: 25.8 ± 7.9, follow-up: 18.9 ± 5.9, p < 0.0001). The HrQol increased significantly. Conclusion: Patients with tolerance to modafinil could benefit from pitolisant-supported bridging during drug holidays. This alternating pharmacological strategy proved to be safe and helped to reduce EDS and to decrease the modafinil dose. Further randomized controlled studies are required to evaluate the different strategies to deal with the tolerance to modafinil. Clinical trial registration number: Clinical Trials.gov Identifier NCT05321355. ER  - 
Investigation of mechanisms of action involved in the antidepressant-like effect of Trans,trans-farnesol in mice antidepressant-like effect of Trans,trans-farnesol in mice$$$ This study aimed to investigate, through in vivo and biochemical methodologies, the effect of trans,trans-farnesol (12.5, 25, 50 or 100 mg/kg, p.o.) acute administration, adopting different behavioral and neurochemical parameters associated with an acute induced-depression model in mice. The initial results showed that, the oral treatment with trans,trans-farnesol, at the dose of 100 mg/kg induced a possible antidepressant-like effect in animals subjected to forced swim test (FST) and reserpine-induced akinesia. In addition, it was observed that the compound in question has an effect size and properties similar to imipramine (prototype of tricyclic antidepressants), but devoid of proconvulsant adverse effect. In biochemical assays, the pretreatment with trans,trans-farnesol, at a dose of 100 mg/kg (p.o.), decreased the hippocampal concentration of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and restored striatal levels of noradrenaline and serotonin in mice subjected to FST. Altogether, these results suggest that trans,trans-farnesol showed a significant antidepressant-like effect, which seems to be mediated by the antagonism of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, reduction of oxidative stress and the modulation of noradrenaline and serotonin content in the central nervous system. ER  - 
Liver transplantation in ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency: A retrospective multicentre cohort study$$$ Ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency (OTCD) is an X-linked defect of ureagenesis and the most common urea cycle disorder. Patients present with hyperammonemia causing neurological symptoms, which can lead to coma and death. Liver transplantation (LT) is the only curative therapy, but has several limitations including organ shortage, significant morbidity and requirement of lifelong immunosuppression. This study aims to identify the characteristics and outcomes of patients who underwent LT for OTCD. We conducted a retrospective study for OTCD patients from 5 UK centres receiving LT in 3 transplantation centres between 2010 and 2022. Patients' demographics, family history, initial presentation, age at LT, graft type and pre- and post-LT clinical, metabolic, and neurocognitive profile were collected from medical records. A total of 20 OTCD patients (11 males, 9 females) were enrolled in this study. 6/20 had neonatal and 14/20 late-onset presentation. 2/20 patients had positive family history for OTCD and one of them was diagnosed antenatally and received prospective treatment. All patients were managed with standard of care based on protein-restricted diet, ammonia scavengers and supplementation with arginine and/or citrulline before LT. 15/20 patients had neurodevelopmental problems before LT. The indication for LT was presence (or family history) of recurrent metabolic decompensations occurring despite standard medical therapy leading to neurodisability and quality of life impairment. Median age at LT was 10.5 months (6–24) and 66 months (35–156) in neonatal and late onset patients, respectively. 15/20 patients had deceased donor LT (DDLT) and 5/20 had living related donor LT (LDLT). Overall survival was 95% with one patient dying 6 h after LT. 13/20 had complications after LT and 2/20 patients required re-transplantation. All patients discontinued dietary restriction and ammonia scavengers after LT and remained metabolically stable. Patients who had neurodevelopmental problems before LT persisted to have difficulties after LT. 1/5 patients who was reported to have normal neurodevelopment before LT developed behavioural problems after LT, while the remaining 4 maintained their abilities without any reported issues. LT was found to be effective in correcting the metabolic defect, eliminates the risk of hyperammonemia and prolongs patients' survival. ER  - 
A single-center survey on physical activity barriers, behaviors and preferences in adults with epilepsy$$$ Background: Improved understanding of physical activity barriers and preferences in people with epilepsy is needed to successfully design and perform larger, more robust effectiveness trials. Methods: Adult patients at a single tertiary epilepsy center between January and April 2020 were surveyed. The survey included a validated physical activity questionnaire (Physical Activity Scale for the Elderly) plus 15 items aimed to address 1) perceptions and beliefs regarding physical activity, 2) barriers to routine physical activity, and 3) willingness and ability to participate in a physical activity intervention and 4) current physical abilities, activities, and preferences. Results: 95 participants with epilepsy (age 42 ± 16.2, 59 % female) completed the survey. Sixty-five participants (68.4 %) reported that they believe that physical activity could improve their seizure frequency. However, 40 % of those surveyed said their neurologist had never talked to them about physical activity. The most commonly reported barriers to physical activity were lack of time (24.7 %) and fear of having a seizure (19.7 %), while barriers to intervention participation included being unable to come to in-person sessions (53 % of those willing to participate),living far away (39.3 %), time constraints (28.6 %), and lack of transportation (21.4 %). Conclusion: Future physical activity studies in people with epilepsy should focus on using tailored interventions that accommodate their unique beliefs and barriers. ER  - 
Can family members reliably assess mood and suicidal ideation in individuals with epilepsy?$$$ Background: Routine detection of depression, anxiety and suicidal ideation in people with epilepsy (PWE) remains suboptimal. We investigated the level of agreement between PWE and their proxies when evaluating these psychiatric symptoms. Methods: From October 2021 to March 2022, we conducted a cross-sectional anonymous survey at Vilnius University Hospital Santaros Klinikos (Vilnius, Lithuania). Persons accompanying PWE completed different scales measuring symptoms of depression and anxiety and evaluated suicidal ideation among PWE (defined as a non-zero score of the suicide item of the Beck depression inventory (BDI) or as a score > 1 of the item 4 of the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy, NDDI-E). Agreement between PWE and their proxies was measured using the Wilcoxon test for paired samples and Pearson's correlation analysis. Results: The study included 140 PWE (mean age 41.0 ± 18.1, 71 (50.7 %) female) and 140 proxies (mean age 49.0 ± 15.01, 105 (75.0 %) female, 57 (40.7 %) were parents, 51 (36.4 %) – spouses, 15 (10.7 %) – partners, 11 (7.9 %) – children and 6 (4.3 %) – siblings of PWE). There were no statistical differences in paired scores of the BDI, Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale, Generalized Anxiety Disorder scale-7, and the NDDI-E (p > 0.05). Proxies reported statistically higher scores on the Geriatric Depression Scale (Z = − 2.026, p = 0.043) than PWE. The correlation between PWE and proxy evaluations for all instruments was moderate (varying from r = 0.500 to r = 0.688, p < 0.001). For most psychometric scales proxies became less accurate with higher scale scores for anxiety and depression and tended to underestimate the level of such symptoms (correlation between scale results and signed (PWE − proxy) mismatch varied from r = 0.368 to r = 0.641, p < 0.001). The measure of proxy-PWE agreement on suicidal ideation was low (Cohen's Κ = 0.192, p = 0.025); proxies missed 63 % (NDDI-E) to 70 % (BDI) of cases of suicidal ideation. Conclusion: Companions of PWE provided comparable reports of participant anxiety and depression on a group level but tended to underestimate psychiatric symptoms as their scale scores became higher. Proxies significantly underreported suicidal ideation in those people who did express it. While proxy reporting should not be used interchangeably on an individual level, its use in group studies may be useful and ought to be investigated further. ER  - 
Prospective associations between ADHD symptoms and physical conditions from early childhood to adolescence: a population-based longitudinal study$$$ Background: The co-occurrence between attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and physical conditions is frequent but often goes unrecognised. Most available evidence on the links between ADHD and physical conditions relies on cross-sectional studies. Understanding temporal sequences of associations is key to inform appropriate treatment and preventive strategies. We aimed to assess possible longitudinal associations between ADHD symptoms and a broad range of physical conditions, adjusting for several confounding factors. Methods: Participants came from the population-based Quebec Longitudinal Study of Child Development. Participants were selected from the Quebec Birth Registry, recruited between October, 1997, and July, 1998, from the province of Quebec, Canada, and followed up in early childhood (n=2120; age 5 months–5 years), middle childhood (n=1750; age 6–12 years), and adolescence (n=1573; age 13–17 years). Main outcome measures included ADHD symptom severity and physical conditions, which were reported by the person most knowledgeable of the child in early childhood, by teachers in middle childhood, and self-reported in adolescence. Multivariable regression analyses were conducted to study the prospective associations between ADHD symptoms and later physical conditions, and physical conditions and later ADHD symptoms, adjusting for multiple confounders. Findings: We found several prospective associations between ADHD symptoms and physical conditions including asthma, high BMI (≥1 SD above the mean), epilepsy, dental caries, acute infections, injuries, and sleep problems. After adjusting for key confounding factors, several associations remained: ADHD symptoms in early childhood were associated with later high BMI during middle childhood (odds ratio [OR] 1·19 [95% CI 1·05–1·35]) and adolescence (OR 1·14 [1·01–1·29]), and with unintentional injuries during adolescence (OR 1·10 [1·01–1·21]). ADHD symptoms in middle childhood were significantly associated with later dental caries during adolescence (OR 1·10 [1·01–1·20]). Unintentional injuries in early childhood were associated with later ADHD symptoms in middle childhood (standardised mean difference [SMD] 0·15 [0·05–0·24]) and adolescence (SMD 0·13 [0·04–0·23]), and restless legs syndrome symptoms in middle childhood were associated with later ADHD symptoms in adolescence (SMD 0·15 [0·05–0·25]). Interpretation: Our results point to the need to carefully monitor children with ADHD in early or middle childhood for several physical conditions, and to monitor children with particular physical conditions for ADHD symptoms. Our study also calls for policies to promote more integrated health-care systems for children with complex mental and physical needs, bridging the current gap between mental and physical health-care services. Funding: Québec Government's Ministry of Health, Ministry of Education, and Ministry of Family Affairs; The Lucie and André Chagnon Foundation; the Robert-Sauvé Research Institute of Health and Safety at Work; the Québec Statistics Institute; the Fonds de Recherche du Québec–Santé; the Fonds de Recherche du Québec–Societé et Culture; Canada's Social Science and Humanities Research Council; the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, the Sainte-Justine Research Center; and the French National Research Agency. Translation: For the French translation of the abstract see Supplementary Materials section. ER  - 
Sleep quality and depression in mothers of children with epilepsy and its relation to their children's sleep$$$ Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between sleep disturbances in children with epilepsy (CWE) and maternal sleep quality and depression severity. Methods: A Cross-sectional study was conducted in pediatric sleep disturbances using questionnaires on mother-reported sleep of CWE [Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ)], maternal sleep quality [Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI)], and maternal depression status [Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS)]. 114 dyads consisting of CWE and their mothers were included in this study. Results: Over three-quarters (78.9 %) of mothers reported poor sleep quality (total PSQI score ≥ 5), and nearly a third (29.8 %) met clinical criteria for moderate or severe depression levels. The mothers' total PSQI scores were between 5.93 ± 2.44 (range: 2–16 points). The most affected PSQI subcomponents were sleep latency (AUC = 0.826p < 0.001) and daytime dysfunction (AUC = 0.800p < 0.001). The majority of children (88.6 %) were stated by their mothers to have sleep-related problems. The total CSHQ scores of the children were between 49.06 ± 9.20 (range: 33–86 points). The most affected CSHQ subcomponents were detected sleep anxiety (AUC = 0.856, p < 0.001), bedtime resistance (AUC = 0.818, p < 0.001) and daytime sleepiness (AUC = 0.807, p < 0.001). There was a statistically significant positive correlation between maternal sleep quality and depression severity (rho = 0.842; p < 0.001). A statistically significant positive moderate correlation was detected between sleep problems in CWE and maternal sleep quality and depression severity (rho = 0.406; p < 0.001, rho = 0.399; p < 0.001, respectively). As a result of multiple stepwise logistic regression analysis, the presence of seizures during sleep and generalized epileptiform discharges on electroencephalography were associated risk factors with poor maternal sleep quality (OR:6.6, p = 0.014; OR:11.5, p = 0.018, respectively). A borderline insignificant relationship was observed between a less than 50 % decrease in seizure frequency and the poor maternal sleep quality (OR:20.59p = 0.059). Seizures during sleep was associated risk factor with children's sleep disturbances (OR:7.2, p = 0.02). Conclusions: Sleep problems in CWE may lead to negative consequences such as sleep quality and/or depression in mothers. Interventions planned to correct sleep disturbances in mothers suggest that children's sleep problems should be optimally managed. ER  - 
Characterising people with focal drug-resistant epilepsy: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Objectives: To describe the demographics, clinical characteristics, drug treatment outcomes, healthcare resource utilization, and injuries among people with focal drug-resistant epilepsy (F-DRE) analysed separately for six European countries. Methods: We used electronic medical record data from six European (Belgium, Spain, Italy, France, UK and Germany) primary care/specialist care databases to identify antiseizure medication (ASM) treatment-naïve people (aged ≥ 18 years at F-DRE diagnosis). They were followed from their epilepsy diagnosis until death, the date of last record available, or study end. We used descriptive analyses to characterise the F-DRE cohort, and results were reported by country. Results: One–thousand–seventy individuals with F-DRE were included (mean age 52.5 years; 55.4 % female). The median follow-up time from the first diagnosis to the end of the follow-up was 95.5 months across all countries. The frequency of F-DRE diagnosis in 2021 ranged from 8.8 % in Italy to 18.2 % in Germany. Psychiatric disorders were the most common comorbidity across all countries. Frequently reported psychiatric disorders were depression (26.7 %) and anxiety (11.8 %). The median time from epilepsy diagnosis to the first ASM failure ranged from 5.9 (4.2–10.2) months in France to 12.6 (5.8–20.4) months in Spain. Levetiracetam and lamotrigine were the most commonly used ASM monotherapies in all countries. Consultation with a general practitioner is sought more frequently after F-DRE diagnosis than after epilepsy diagnosis, except in the UK. Significance: No one ASM is optimal for all people with F-DRE, and the risks and benefits of the ASM must be considered. Comorbidities must be an integral part of the management strategy and drive the choice of drugs. ER  - 
Temporo-Parietal Extraventricular Approach for Deep Brain Stimulation Targeting the Anterior Nucleus of the Thalamus: Institutional Experience$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The anterior nucleus of the thalamus (ANT) is a common target for deep brain stimulation (DBS) for drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE). However, the surgical approach to the ANT remains challenging because of its unique anatomy. This study aims to summarize our experience with the posterior temporo-parietal extraventricular (TPEV) approach targeting the ANT for DBS in DRE. METHODS: We performed a retrospective analysis of patients with DRE who underwent ANT-DBS using the TPEV approach between January 2011 and February 2021. Subjects with at least 6-month follow-up were eligible. The final lead position and number of active contacts targeting the anteroventral nucleus (AV) of the ANT were assessed using Lead-DBS. Mean seizure frequency reduction percentage and responder rate (=50% decrease in seizure frequency) were determined. RESULTS: Thirty-one patients (mean age: 32.9 years; 52% female patients) were included. The mean follow-up period was 27.6 months ± 13.9 (29, 16-36). The mean seizure frequency reduction percentage was 65% ± 26 (75, 50-82). Twentysix of 31 participants (83%) were responders, P < .001. Two subjects (6%) were seizure-free for at least 6 months at the last evaluation. Antiepileptic drugs dose and/or number decreased in 17/31 subjects (55%). The success rate for placing at least 1 contact at AV was 87% (27/31 patients) bilaterally. The number of active contacts at the AV was significantly greater in the responder group, 3.1 ± 1.3 (3, 2-4) vs 1.8 ± 1.1 (2, 1-2.5); P = .041 with a positive correlation between the number of active contacts and seizure reduction percentage; r = 0.445, R2 = 0.198, P = .012. CONCLUSION: The TPEV trajectory is a safe and effective approach to target the ANT for DBS. Future studies are needed to compare the clinical outcomes and target accuracy with the standard approaches. ER  - 
Research protocol of the efficacy of probiotics for the treatment of alcohol use disorder among adult males: A comparison with placebo and acceptance and commitment therapy in a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background and aim Primarily, this study compares the efficacy of probiotic and acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT) in alleviating the severity of alcohol craving and alcohol use disorder (AUD) among patients who had undergo two weeks of in-patient detoxification. Secondarily, this study compares the efficacy of probiotic and ACT in mitigating the severity of comorbid depression and anxiety symptoms; decreasing serum level of pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as interleukin 1β (IL-1β), interleukin 6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α); changing the event-related potential in electroencephalogram (EEG) and restoring microbiota flora in the gut of AUD patients. Methods and analysis Initially, during Phase I of the study, the serum level of IL-1β, IL-6 and TNF-α; ERP changes in the EEG and fecal microbiota content will be compared between 120 AUD patients and 120 healthy controls. Subsequently in Phase II of the study, 120 AUD patients will be randomized by stratified permuted block randomization into the probiotic, ACT and placebo groups in a 1:1:1 ratio. Participants in the probiotic and placebo groups will be administered one sachet per day of Lactobacillus spp. probiotic and placebo, respectively for 12 weeks. While those in the ACT group will receive one session per week of ACT for 8 weeks. Outcome measures will be administered at four timepoints, such as t0 = baseline assessment prior to intervention, t1 = 8 weeks after intervention began, t2 = 12 weeks after intervention and t3 = 24 weeks after intervention. Primary outcomes are the degrees of alcohol craving, alcohol withdrawal during abstinence and AUD. Secondary outcomes to be assessed are the severity of co-morbid depression and anxiety symptoms; the serum levels of IL-1β, IL-6 and TNF-α; changes in ERP and fecal microbiota content. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression among epilepsy patients in a tertiary care hospital in Sri Lanka$$$ Background and aims: OBJECTIVES To determine the prevalence of depression and associated sociodemographic factors and clinical characteristics among adult epilepsy patients attending neurology clinics at a Tertiary Care hospital in Sri Lanka. Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional hospital-based study was conducted on 413 patients with epilepsy in neurology clinics in Teaching Hospital Karapitiya. Exclusion criteria were: age below 18; other neurologic conditions; chronic severe medical illnesses; other psychiatric comorbidities; a history of cancer in the last five years and current illicit drug use. Consecutive sampling was done of all patients with epilepsy attending the clinics. An interviewer administered Sociodemographic and Clinical characteristics questionnaire and 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) was used. SPSS software was used for analysis. Results: The prevalence of depression was 29.8% (of the 413 patients). Of these, patients (21.3%) had mild depression, patients (5.6%) moderate depression, patients (2.2%) moderately severe depression and patients (0.7%) severe depression. Presence of seizures in last month (p < 0.001), having had formal education (p < 0.011), ever-married (p < 0.009), having had children (p < 0.011) were statistically significant associations with the presence of depression among epilepsy patients. Conclusions: Depression among patients with epilepsy is common with significant clinical, social and economic implications in terms of health care needs, quality of life and lost productivity despite scarcity of data among Asian countries. The prevalence of depression in this study was high compared to the general Sri Lankan population (4.1%). Prompt identification and treatment of psychiatric comorbidities can lead to more robust outcomes and effective utilization of limited healthcare resources. ER  - 
A protocol for a pooled analysis of cohort studies: The association between depression and anxiety in epileptic disorders$$$ Background/Introduction Depressive and anxiety disorders constitute major mental health challenges affecting adults of all ages globally. It has been reported that individuals with depressive or anxiety disorders face an elevated risk of developing neurological conditions, including seizures and epilepsy. Additionally, people with these disorders tend to exhibit distinct clinical outcomes compared to the general population. However, the associations between depressive or anxiety disorders and epilepsy remain contentious. Thus, this study aims to elucidate the associations between these neuropsychiatric disorders, including depressive and anxiety disorders, and epilepsy or seizures. Methods We will systematically search three electronic databases—PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library—from inception through March 2023 to identify relevant cohort studies investigating the associations between depressive or anxiety disorders and epilepsy or seizures. Two independent reviewers will extract data from eligible studies using pre-designed standardized data extraction forms, and cross-check results. A third author will resolve any discrepancies. Quality assessment will be performed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale (NOS). Pooled risk estimates (Relative risks or hazard ratios with their 95% CI) will be calculated using the DerSimonian-Laird random-effects model. If between-study heterogeneity is identified, we will conduct subgroup analyses or meta-regressions to explore the possible sources of heterogeneity (participants, exposure, outcome, and study design) stratified by various study characteristics. Potential publication bias will be detected through the inspection of funnel plot asymmetry, complemented by the Egger linear regression approach (Egger’s test) and the Begg rank correlation test (Begg’s test). Discussion This pooled analysis will evaluate the association between depressive or anxiety disorders and epilepsy or seizures, providing high-level evidence to inform early identification and prevention strategies for epilepsy or seizures. Ethics and dissemination Given that the data utilized for analysis in this pooled analysis does not involve human subjects or medical records, no ethical approval is required for this study. We intend to present the results of this study at national or international conferences or submit the findings to a peer-reviewed journal. ER  - 
Predicting pediatric emergence delirium using data-driven machine learning applied to electronic health record dataset at a quaternary care pediatric hospital$$$ Objectives: Pediatric emergence delirium is an undesirable outcome that is understudied. Development of a predictive model is an initial step toward reducing its occurrence. This study aimed to apply machine learning (ML) methods to a large clinical dataset to develop a predictive model for pediatric emergence delirium. Materials and Methods: We performed a single-center retrospective cohort study using electronic health record data from February 2015 to December 2019. We built and evaluated 4 commonly used ML models for predicting emergence delirium: least absolute shrinkage and selection operator, ridge regression, random forest, and extreme gradient boosting. The primary outcome was the occurrence of emergence delirium, defined as a Watcha score of 3 or 4 recorded at any time during recovery. Results: The dataset included 54 776 encounters across 43 830 patients. The 4 ML models performed similarly with performance assessed by the area under the receiver operating characteristic curves ranging from 0.74 to 0.75. Notable variables associated with increased risk included adenoidectomy with or without tonsillectomy, decreasing age, midazolam premedication, and ondansetron administration, while intravenous induction and ketorolac were associated with reduced risk of emergence delirium. Conclusions: Four different ML models demonstrated similar performance in predicting postoperative emergence delirium using a large pediatric dataset. The prediction performance of the models draws attention to our incomplete understanding of this phenomenon based on the studied variables. The results from our modeling could serve as a first step in designing a predictive clinical decision support system, but further optimization and validation are needed. Clinical trial number and registry URL: Not applicable. ER  - 
Detection of Pattern of Some Unusual Signs and Symptoms of Multiple Sclerosis$$$ Background/Objective(s): Multiple sclerosis (MS) is the most common disabling neurological disorder in young adults. It is an autoimmune disease affecting the central nervous system (CNS) resulting in severe physical and cognitive debilitation, and neurological difficulties. The objective of this study was to assess the signs and symptoms of MS among Egyptian adults. Material(s) and Method(s): People diagnosed with MS as per the 2017 McDonald Diagnostic Criteria have been included in the cross-sectional investigation. Adults of ages ranging from 30 to 50 years were included, with no demographic restrictions. Patients with disorders that impact cognition or cortical activity were excluded. Result(s): Results showed that the frequency of attacks varied from one to nine. The frequency of the affected lobes in the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) varied from one to six. Only four patients' EEGs showed epileptic activity. Excluding the three patients who had progressive MS, all the others had relapsing remitting MS. The average Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) score was 24.96 ±7.24, with only five patients scoring normal, while 13 (40.6%), 2 (6.3%), and 12 (37.5%) patients had mild, moderate, and severe depression, respectively. The average Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A) score was 24.56 ± 9.32, with only three patients scoring normal, while 21 (65.6%), 6 (18.8%) and 2 (6.3%) patients had mild, moderate and severe anxiety, respectively. Out of all patients included, 28.1% had Positive Pulfrick phenomenon, 40.6% had Positive Uthoff phenomenon, 84.4% had depression, 90.6% had anxiety, 12.5% had seizures. Conclusion(s): Patients with MS might experience several unique signs and symptoms that are misinterpreted and might lead to delayed dignosis. ER  - 
EPH85 Clinical Burden of GM2 Gangliosidoses in the United States (US): A Retrospective Observational Cohort Study Using Electronic Health Records (EHR)$$$ Objectives: This retrospective cohort study aimed to describe clinical characteristics among patients with and without GM2 gangliosidoses in the US. Methods: The Optum® Market clarity database (linked claims and EHR) was used to identify patients with GM2 gangliosidoses (between 1-October-2015 and 30-September-2021) defined as those with ≥2 EHRs with a GM2-related ICD-10 code (E75.0/E75.00/E75.01/E75.02/E75.09) or one EHR and two claims with GM2-related ICD-10 codes on different days. Patients with GM2 gangliosidoses were matched 1:10 with a random sample of patients without GM2 gangliosidoses on age and gender. Clinical characteristics were assessed using ICD codes and natural language processing extracted terms from physician notes. Results were stratified by age groups (pediatric: 2 to <18 years; adult: ≥18 years). Results: Overall, 115 patients with GM2 gangliosidoses (pediatric: N=26, mean [SD] age: 5.1 [3.7] years; adult: N=89, 47.6 [17.1] years; mean (SD) baseline observability: 1,994 [1,348] days) were matched to 1,150 patients without GM2 gangliosidoses (pediatric: N=260; adult: N=890). At baseline, the most frequent manifestations among children with GM2 gangliosidoses were seizures/epilepsy (81%), aphagia/dysphagia (65%), developmental disorders (65%), ataxia (58%) and hypotonia (50%) and were ≥5 times more prevalent than in children without GM2 gangliosidoses. Depression was more prevalent among adults with GM2 gangliosidoses than in those without (57% vs. 45%), while anxiety prevalence was comparable between both groups (56% vs. 50%). Conversely, muscle weakness (52%), falls (51%), fractures (39%), ataxia (39%), urine incontinence (35%), aphagia/dysphagia (34%), altered mental status (29%), tremors (28%), speech disturbances (25%), bipolar disorder (19%), cognitive impairment (15%) and mania (11%) were ≥2 times more prevalent in adults with GM2 gangliosidoses than in those without. Conclusions: Patients with GM2 gangliosidoses experience substantial clinical burden encompassing a wide range of manifestations. These findings highlight an urgent need for better diagnosis, disease-modifying treatments and comprehensive management strategies to address complex unmet needs of this population. ER  - 
A Real-World Evaluation of People with Drug-Resistant Focal Epilepsy Across Six European Countries$$$ Objectives: To investigate the demographics, clinical characteristics, and Healthcare Resource Utilization (HCRU) amongst people with Focal Drug-Resistant Epilepsy (F-DRE) in Europe. Methods: A cohort of F-DRE individuals across UK, Belgium, Germany, France, Spain, and Italy was identified from July 2015 to April 2022. Resistance to treatment was defined based on the failure of two or more tolerated Anti-Seizure Medications (ASMs). Individuals with at least one specific focal-epilepsy (FE) diagnosis (Index date 1), were selected from primary/specialist care databases. The third ASM treatment initiation (Index date 2) was the proxy for treatment resistance. People with a diagnosis of generalized epilepsy, aged <18 or with less than 180 days of follow-up, were excluded. The study population was ASM treatment naïve at Index date 1. Results: Of 64,439 FE individuals, 1,075 were F-DRE (54.1% female). The median age at Index date 2 was 50 years. Time to first ASM failure from diagnosis ranged from 5.8 months in France, to 12.5 months in Spain, while time to second ASM failure ranged from 15.3 months in France to 33.1 in the UK. Psychiatric disorders like depression and anxiety were the most prevalent comorbidities in all countries. Bipolar affective disorders, psychosis and intellectual disability, were more prevalent in Germany (1.1%, 4.4% and 13.6%) than in the other countries. Hepatic and renal function tests were the most common blood tests, performed mainly after epilepsy diagnosis in Belgium and Germany and after F-DRE in Italy, Spain, and the UK. Conclusions: This retrospective real-world study identified people with F-DRE from GP/specialist care databases in six European countries based on a minimum number of ASM treatment changes as indicators of response to therapy. The study showed that psychiatric disorders were the most prevalent comorbidity and that hepatic and renal function tests were the most common recorded laboratory investigations. ER  - 
Evaluation of the quality of life of epileptic patients: Descriptive and analytical cross-sectional study of a Tunisian series$$$ Background and aims: Because of their social impact, epileptic patients' quality of life (QOL) and associated psychiatric disorders may represent a public health problem. This work is aimed at determining the epidemiological, clinical and therapeutic characteristics of epileptic patients in the region of Mahdia, evaluating their QOL and determining the associated factors that may alter it. Methods: Descriptive and analytical cross-sectional study of a cohort of 71 patients treated for epilepsy at the outpatient Neurology Department in Mahdia. Results: We collected 71 patients. The mean age was 36 years with extremes of 18 and 80. Parental consanguinity was found in 31%. 70.4% of patients had a primary school level and 53.5% were single. QOL was measured using the SF36 scale in its validated literaryArabic version. It concluded that 63.8%of patients had impaired QOL. Screening for a possible depression was done using the PHQ-9 scale and 74.6%of the patients had depression ranging from mild to severe. The evaluation of cognitive functions was performed using the MOCA scale. 70%of patients had mild cognitive impairment. In correlation with the SF36, the factors found to be involved in the deterioration of QOL were: absence of a professional activity, educational level, low socio-economic level, poor response to treatment, polytherapy, presence of depression and frequency of seizures. Conclusions: The systematic use of screening tools for anxiety and depression disorders can help identify at-risk epileptic patients while helping the follow-up of their symptoms during subsequent visits. An investigation on public awareness, understanding and attitudes towards epilepsy seems necessary to reduce the rate of stigmatization. ER  - 
Epidemiology of epilepsy in Goma, People's Republic of the Congo$$$ Background and aims: Epilepsy is one of the most common neurological conditions but the majority of epileptic patients in sub-Saharan African countries do not receive appropriate treatment. In the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), very few epidemiological studies have been conducted on epilepsy. The objective of this study was to describe socio-demographic characteristics, the type of epileptic seizures, and the etiological factors of these seizures in a hospital cohort of epileptic patients followed at the Neuropsychiatric Hospital Center in Goma (in the DRC). Methods: This was a cross-sectional study of 917 epileptic patients received in neurology consultation at the Neuropsychiatric Hospital Center in Goma (in the DRC) from January 1st, 2017 to December 31st, 2021. Results: The median age of patients was 16 years, the median age of the patients at the onset of seizures was 13 years and the median time between the onset of seizures and consultation was 8.0 months; 14.2% had a family history of epilepsy. Generalized tonic-clonic seizures were the most frequent (76.7%), followed by motor-focal impaired awareness seizures (5.2%) and non-motor focal aware seizures (3.6%). The etiologic factor was found in 444 (48.4%) patients and was dominated by chronic alcoholism (20.9%), neurocysticercosis (17.6%), meningitis (14.6%), malnutrition (11.3%), cerebral malaria (8.3%), and head injury (7.7%). Conclusions: This study provides an epidemiological overview of epilepsy in Goma city. The etiological factors and types of seizures will dictate the best possible treatment options. ER  - 
Fahr syndrome: Clinico-radiological polymorphism of a rare neurological pathology$$$ Background and aims: Fahr syndrome (FS) is caused by calcium deposition mainly in the basal ganglia (BG). The diagnosis is radiological and the clinical manifestations are polymorph. The aim of our study is to describe the different clinical, biological and radiological aspects of patients with FS. Methods: This is a descriptive retrospective study including patients hospitalized in our department of neurology of the National Institute of neurology of Tunis between 2011 and 2022 and to whom the diagnosis of FS was made on imaging. The family history, the data of the general and neurological examination, the biological and radiological data as well as the etiologies retained were collected and studied. Results: We identified 15 patients. The mean age was 47.6 years [24–72]. Five patients had similar cases in their families. Our patients had epilepsy (2/15), abnormal movements (5/15), infarction (2/15), Parkinsonism (5/15), dementia (3/15), hallucinations (2/15) and headaches (2/15). Calcifications were found in the BG (15/15), the dentate nuclei (7/15) and the cerebellar white matter (2/15). Hypo-parathyroidism (6/15), pseudo-hypo-parathyroidism (3/15) and Fahr's disease (6/15) were retained. Conclusions: FS is a heterogeneous entity and can be secondary to several diseases. The manifestations are variable: dementia, hallucinations, parkinsonism and isolated headaches. The diagnosis is essentially radiological. FS is incurable but the neurological manifestations are manageable. ER  - 
Index of benign focal epileptiform discharges of childhood and specificity of cognitive functions development in children: А retrospective study$$$ Background and aims: Benign focal epileptiform discharges of childhood (BFEDCs) are common graph elements on electroencephalograms (EEG) in children aged 3–14 years. The presence of BFEDCs is genetically determined. Only a small percentage of patients with BFEDCs have epileptic seizures. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of BFEDCs index on the presence/absence of negative changes in neuropsychological and speech status of pediatric patients. Methods: A retrospective study of medical records of 32 children aged 4–12 years, including 92 EEG with BFEDCs during sleep, results of 32 neuropsychological and speech assessments, regardless of the presence or absence of seizures, was carried out. For comparative analysis, we used the calculation of the risk ratio (RR) with their confidence intervals. Results: All patients were divided into two groups depending on the BFEDCs index on the EEG during sleep. Children with BFEDCs index of 80% or more were included into the first group, less than 80% – into the second. The comparison of neuropsychological and speech status of children in 2 groups revealed that attention deficit (RR = 1.56, CI [1.05, 2.30], p = 0.03), visual memory impairment (RR = 2.16, CI [1.12, 4.17], p = 0.02) were observed more often in the first group. Conclusions: In children with a high BFEDCs index (more than 80% of sleep recording) visual memory impairment and attention deficit are observed more often than in children with lower BFEDCs index. Acknowledgements. This work was supported by the Kazan Federal University Strategic Academic Leadership Program (PRIORITY-2030). ER  - 
Prevalence of depression, anxiety, and stress disorders and their impact on quality of life among adult epileptic patients in Makkah, Saudi Arabia$$$ Background and aims: Epilepsy patients are known to have higher rates of depression and anxiety than the general population. The current study aims to measure the prevalence of depression, anxiety, and stress disorders and their impact on quality of life among adult epileptic patients in Makkah city. Methods: We included all the epileptic patients who had a follow up with the epilepsy clinic at King Abdullah Medical City (KAMC) between 1/1/2021 and 1/1/2023. The patients were asked to complete a questionnaire that contains three sections: The first section included questions regarding the socio-demographic and disease characteristics of the participants, the second section included the depression, anxiety, and stress scale (DASS-21), and the last section included the quality of life in epilepsy survey (QOLIE-31). Results: 66 patients completed the questionnaire. The mean age of the patients was 33.48 (±13.97), and 36 of them were females (45.5%). The prevalence of depression, anxiety, and stress according to the DASS-21 was 39 (59.1%), 46 (69.7%), and 39 (59.1%) respectively. The mean score of the QOLIE-31 was 43.04 (±16.12). Bivariate analysis showed that there is a significant association between the QOLIE-31 score and each of gender (p = 0.007), Education (P < 0.001), seizures frequency (P = 0.013), number of antiepileptic drugs (P = 0.017), Depression (P < 0.001), Anxiety (P < 0.001) and stress (P < 0.001). Multiple linear regression showed that depression had a significant negative impact on the QOLIE-31 score (β = −10.51, P = 0.033). Conclusions: According to the results, depression is shown to have a high impact on epileptic patients' quality of life. Further studies are needed in Saudi Arabia. ER  - 
Diagnostic significance of paraneoplastic neuronal antibodies in Japanese adults with autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Background and aims: Clinical features of autoimmune encephalitis are variable, and thus, diagnosis can be difficult and often delayed especially when patients exhibit atypical movement disorders or psychiatric symptoms. Paraneoplastic neurological syndromes are usually associated with malignant cancer but paraneoplastic antibodies (PA) can be present without overt cancers. Here we evaluated diagnostic significance of PA in Japanese adult patients with autoimmune encephalitis with epilepsy. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed medical records of all patients who visited our epilepsy clinic and underwent thorough diagnostic evaluation for autoimmune encephalitis including a set of 12 PA test, i.e. anti-Amphiphysin (AMPH), CV2, PNMA2(Ma2/Ta), Ri, Yo, Hu, recoverin, SOX1, titin, zic4, GAD65, and Tr(DNER), between April 2021 and October 2022. Results: Of 32 patients who were investigated, 6 patients (19.0%) (2 males, age 38.0 ± 18.0 years; mean ± SD) were positive to PA (anti-AMPH: 1, PNMA2: 1, Yo: 1, recoverin: 2, and SOX1: 1). Two of 6 patients were diagnosed as psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in other hospitals. No patient was complicated with malignant tumor. In a patient with anti-SOX1 positivity, serum anti-SS-A/Ro antibody was also detected and cerebrospinal fluid showed slight protein elevation. A patient with anti-AMPH positivity had a history of clinically isolated syndrome and was a HTLV-1 carrier. Intravenous high-dose methylprednisolone was administered in four patients and was effective in three patients. Conclusions: Approximately one-fifth of autoimmune encephalitis with new-onset or intractable epilepsy is attributable to PA even though there is no sign of malignant tumor in Japanese adult patients. Early evaluation of PA and commencement of immunotherapy are warranted. ER  - 
Role of glucose level in early termination of epileptic activities: Analysis using long-term video EEG with flash glucose monitoring$$$ Background and aims: It is well-known that low-frequency activities in electroencephalography (EEG) increase during hypoglycemia, however, whether hypoglycemia can cause changes in epileptic activities has not been fully investigated thus far. Recently, the American Clinical Neurophysiology Society's EEG Terminology 2021 (ACNS2021) defined criteria for the Brief Potentially Ictal Rhythmic Discharges (BIRDs) including rhythmic fast activities. Here, we evaluated an association between hypoglycemia and BIRDs. Methods: Data of a 27-year-old female with focal epilepsy and idiopathic hypoglycemia, who underwent scalp-recorded long-term video-EEG using the International 10–20 system with T1/T2 electrodes, were analyzed. Her anti-neuronal antibodies were negative. EEG record for 6 h was retrospectively evaluated in longitudinal bipolar montages with 15 s per display screen. Number and duration of BIRDs, classified according to ACNS2021, were checked in each 30-min epoch. Glucose levels were obtained by flash glucose monitoring system, and average glucose level was determined based on area-under-curve during 30-min epoch which was checked using pixel-counting software. We evaluated the relationship between the number/duration of BIRDs subtypes and average glucose levels by setting cut-off values of 70, 60, and 50 mg/dL. Results: Number of evolving BIRDs (2.33 ± 0.47 vs. 0.44 ± 0.68, mean ± SD) and duration of definite BIRDs (3.15 ± 1.82 vs. 2.10 ± 1.00 s) per epoch showed statistically significant differences between epochs with glucose level less than 50 mg/dL and those with 50 mg/dL or higher (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Maintenance of glucose level at least 50 mg/dL is important for early termination of epileptic activities. ER  - 
Trazodone in the off-label treatment of insomnia: Abuse and safety risks$$$ Background and aims: Although not approved by the FDA to treat insomnia, trazodone is commonly prescribed in the US partly due to lack of scheduling, which gives the perception that it is safer than drugs such as benzodiazepines. This study investigated trazodone abuse/dependence potential and safety risks. Methods: Suspect cases involving trazodone or benzodiazepines (eg, temazepam, triazolam, estazolam) frequently prescribed for insomnia were identified from national databases including FDA Adverse Events Reporting System (FAERS) from January 1,2015 to June 30,2022, the National Forensic Laboratory Information System (NFLIS) for confiscation data, and the American Association of Poison Control Centers’-National Poison Data System (AAPCC-NPDS) from 2020. Drug-related risk of falls was assessed from claims databases. Results: FAERS included 11,228 trazodone and 5,120 benzodiazepine reports. Of these reports, drug-abuse and drug-dependence cases with trazodone were lower than with benzodiazepines (drug-abuse: 6.4 % versus 12.6 %, respectively; drug-dependence: 1.1 % versus 3.6 %). Serious cases (81.8 %/83.9 %) and deaths (35.4 %/36.0 %) were similar between trazodone and benzodiazepines, respectively. NFLIS reported 612/1,575,874 (0.04 %) drug seizure cases that included trazodone, whereas AAPCC-NPDS reported 22,225/1,446,011 (1.54 %) total case mentions of trazodone/all pharmaceuticals and 8,445 trazodone-related single-exposure cases. Falls risk (over the 1-year period following first prescription fill) in Medicare beneficiaries age ≥65 y and in commercially insured enrollees ≥18 y was reported for trazodone and benzodiazepines: Medicare, 9.5 %/11.3 %; commercially-insured: 4.6 %/3.7 %. Conclusions: Data from multiple national sources demonstrate that trazodone has abuse/dependence potential and important safety risks. Given the limited data from well-controlled studies and its off-label use, re-evaluation of trazodone prescribing rates for treating patients with insomnia is warranted. SUPPORT: Eisai Inc. ER  - 
Neurological syndromes as the first manifestation of SARS-COV-2 in patients hospitalized in a second level hospital$$$ Background and aims: Clinical manifestations of COVID-19 are related to the distribution of ACE receptors and determine its multisystem involvement, this has allowed the establishment of various neurological syndromes. The aim our study is to describe neurological manifestations due to COVID-19 in hospitalized patients. Methods: Cross-sectional, observational and descriptive study from February 2020 to March 2021, we analyzed records of patients hospitalized for acute infection by SARS COV-2 and diagnosis of neurological syndrome. Results: We evaluated 600 files, we included 20 (3 %). 55 % were men. Average age 55.7 ± 12.2 years. 65 % with HBP, 55 % DM2 and 5 % with AF. 35 % deaths, and 55 % discharged due to improvement, 30 % discharged with mRankin 3 (2 to 6); 25 % required IMV. We found neurological syndromes classified as vascular and inflammatory, we identified mixed syndromes of the CNS and PNS: encephalopathy (2), global aphasia (1), epileptic seizures (2), Frontal Syndrome, motor aphasia with pyramidal syndrome, intracranial hypertension, Pyramidal Syndrome (4 ) + dysarthria, coma (4), partial Status Epilepticus, late-onset convulsive syndrome, areflexic flaccid quadriparesis, acute confusional syndrome, pancerebellar syndrome, psychosis, transverse cord syndrome. 65 % of the etiologies of them were vascular. Conclusions: Severity NS were not related to the severity of the pulmonary infection and in some patients were the first manifestation of the COVID-19. The multisystem condition of COVID-19 includes an applied range of neurological symptoms but the most disabling symptoms were related to vascular causes. ER  - 
Deciphering molecular efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (RTMS) in treating dementia in low vs Himalayan high-landers: Protocol$$$ Background and aims: Dementia causes progressive cognitive decline. Eventually, patients become entirely dependent on others. Unfortunately, existing pharmacological treatments demonstrates limited efficacy. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a non-invasive, electrodeless, focal brain stimulation technique, has heterogenous effects on dementia. Thus, an optimal protocol should be evaluated through a bio-marker, such as Clusterin (CLU) that directly correlates with rate of clinical progression. Dementia resilience is remarkably high in high-landers. The understanding of highlander genetic expression could lead to the discovery of a novel therapy. Finally, we hypothesize that multisession rTMS protocol will prevent dementia progression by delaying apoptosis regardless of demographics. Methods: Inclusion & exclusion criteria of dementia: Must have: • Diagnosed with cognitive impairment or dementia • Ability to obtain a motor threshold, determined during the screening process • Stable condition and living environment to enable attendance at scheduled clinic visits • Willing to remain on stable regimen during the treatment phase • Able to read and verbalize understanding Must not have: • Prior exposure to rTMS or electroconvulsive therapy • Cardiac pacemaker, cochlear implant, or other implanted device or metal in the brain • Current or prior history of seizure disorder • Traumatic brain injury within the last 2 months • Participation in interventional clinical trial at the same time as this trial • Known current psychosis • History of mass lesion or cerebral infarct • Not fluent in Hindi/ English or hearing impairment severe enough to impair comprehension Results: [Formula presented] This being protocol. Results not applicable Conclusions: [Formula presented] This being a protocol. Conclusions not applicable ER  - 
A randomised controlled trial on the effect of viewing the event on psychological outcome in patients with psychogenic non epileptic events (EVEPOP Trial)$$$ Background and aims: BACKROUND Psychogenic Non Epileptic Event is a sensitive diagnosis, which when delivered along with one's own event leads to a better understanding of the illness. This study aims to look at the effect of viewing one's own event on psychological status in PNEE. Methods: This is a single centre prospective randomised controlled trial where patients diagnosed with PNEE in our epilepsy monitoring unit were randomised into intervention and control arm. Both the groups were given standard psychotherapy while the recorded event was shown to intervention arm alone. Event frequency and baseline psychological status using standard questionnaires (HADS and QOLIE - 31) was recorded at baseline and compared during followup at 12 weeks. Paired t-test was used to compare the results. The trial is registered with CTRI/2021/04/033220. Results: A total of 65 patients (31 intervention / 34 control) were included in the study with similar baseline characteristics. The mean baseline per-week event frequency was 9.93 (16.7) and 11.78 (25.3) in intervention and control group respectively, which had fallen to 2.58 (4.65), p = 0.731 and 1.58 (3.04), p = 0.313 during 12 week followup. HADS scores improved significantly in both the groups while among QOLIE 31 components, seizure worry (p = 0.008), overall quality of life (p < 0.001) and emotional well being (p < 0.003) improved in intervention arm as compared to control arm. Conclusions: Psychotherapy in addition to event viewing improves psychological status in PNEE especially with regard to seizure worry and emotional well being perhaps by improving self - acceptance of the diagnosis and increasing the engagement and adherence to psychotherapy. ER  - 
The prevalence of psychogenic non-epileptic seizure among epilepsy patients a study from an epilepsy canter in Makkah$$$ Background and aims: Psychogenic Non-epileptic seizure (PNES) is a clinical seizure without associated EEG changes. The development of PNES in patient with epilepsy is challenging. It's one of possible causes of drug resistant epilepsy. Its diagnosis is difficult and require an EMU admission in most of the cases. The aim of this study is to assess the prevalence of PNES in patient with epilepsy admitted to an EMU in a tertiary care canter in Makkah. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed all patients admitted to the EMU at King Abdullah Medical City in Makkah between 2015 and 2022. Patients with epilepsy and PNES were included in the study. Results: 14 patients out of 192patients with epilepsy were found to have PNES as well. The prevalence of PNES among patient with epilepsy admitted to EMU at KAMC was 7%. 57.1% were female, 85.7% of patients had baseline focal epilepsy. 84% of those patients were on 3 or more anti epileptics drugs (AEDs) before EMU admission. After the diagnosis of PNES the number of AEDs were reduced to 2 or less in 71% of patients. Conclusions: PNES is not uncommon problem in patient with epilepsy. Its recognition is very important as it is a possible cause of drug resistant epilepsy. Identification of PNES in patient with epilepsy requires an EMU admission and recognising the events under video monitoring. ER  - 
People with single acute symptomatic and first unprovoked seizures in Moscow: Etiology and mortality$$$ Background and aims: The first-ever generalized tonic-clonic seizure (GTCS) constitutes a huge burden for the healthcare system. In this retrospective cohort study, we aimed to assess etiology and mortality in adults with acute symptomatic seizures (ASE) and first unprovoked seizures (FUS) in Moscow. Methods: A total of 1032 consecutive cases of the first-ever GTCS from the emergency ambulance database in Moscow were evaluated. The full information about these cases, including the history, previous and following hospitalizations, outcome of the index seizure, comorbidities, mortality, was collected from the Moscow «Unified medical information and analytical system data». ASE were defined according to Beghi E. et al. (2010). People with preexisting epilepsy (n = 296) were excluded. Сhi-square test was used for group comparisons. Results: Out of 736 adult patients with first-ever GTCS, 265 (36%) had ASE (mean age 46.09 ± 13.9, 61.6% males) and 471 (64%) had FUS (mean age 51.47 ± 17.73, 75.3% males). The presumed etiology of ASE was alcohol withdrawal (76.2%), acute stroke (12.7%), traumatic brain injury (TBI, 9.5%). In patients with FUS, the etiology was unknown in 66.8%, 14.2% had a history of stroke, 8.7% had TBI, and 4.67% had tumors. The proportion of males was higher in ASE (p < 0.0001). Patients with FUS were older (p < 0.0001), but the three-year mortality in patients with ASE was higher (25.2% versus 19.9%, p = 0.000). Conclusions: Among patients with the first-ever GTCS, the proportion of FUS was higher than ASE. The etiology of ASE was mostly alcohol withdrawal. The three-year mortality was significantly higher in patients with ASE compared to patients with FUS. ER  - 
Sociodemographic and clinical profile of patients attending psychiatry ambulatory services at the Quelimane general hospital, Mozambique$$$ Background and aims: Background The daily routine in psychiatry services has revealed that there is a general lack of knowledge about the cause of neuropsychiatric disorders and combined with beliefs, because people believe that services attending freaks or Crazy. The lack of human, financial and material resources, frequent discontinuation of psychotropic drugs, led us to think that with adequate clinical characterization, it would influence the creation of better conditions for the treatment of people who seek psychiatric services. Objective: To assess the sociodemographic and clinical profile of patients attending the ambulatory psychiatric service. Methods: Methodology - A quantitative, cross-sectional study that analyzed retrospective data of Patients who had their first consultation from 2018 to 2020 were eligible. A data collection form was developed which included sociodemographic and, clinical variables, co-morbidities, treatment provided and outcomes. Results: A total of 488 patient files, 55.7 % are 18–40 years old, 56.1 % males, 87.5 % urban residents; 51.2 % single, 26.4 % living with parents; 32.6 % were literate. The main illnesses were Epilepsy 40.4 % followed by Schizophrenia and other psychoses 17.4 %: resulting of malaria 13.7 % and HIV/AIDS 7.6 and consumption of psychoactive substances 7.6 %. 34.8 % patients treated with antiepileptics and 40.0 % with antipsychotics associated or no with Antiretroviral were improve. Conclusions: Conclusion: Outpatients in psychiatric services diagnosed with neuropsychiatric disorders improve with available psychopharmacological treatments. However, future studies should be conducted to uncover the causes of this psychiatric diseases as a number of infectious diseases such as HIV, toxoplasmosis, cysticercosis, and toxic substances like ingestion of alcohol may lead to psychiatric diseases ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors of functional seizures among adult Sudanese patients with epilepsy, a cross-sectional clinic-based study$$$ Background and aims: Epilepsy can be associated with functional seizures. Our main aim is to assess functional seizures' prevalence and risk factors among adult Sudanese patients with epilepsy. Methods: This cross-sectional clinic-based study was conducted from January to February 2021 at Daoud Charity Clinic in Omdurman city, Sudan. Ninety-nine adult Sudanese patients with epilepsy were included. Data were collected using a well-validated interview-based semi-structured questionnaire. A senior consultant neurologist and a consultant psychiatrist diagnosed the functional seizures based on full clinical history and investigations. The diagnosis was performed according to International League against epilepsy (ILAE) classification. Results: This study included 99 patients with epilepsy, 57 % were females, 79 % reside in Khartoum state, and 32 % reached secondary school. The main types of epilepsy were generalized tonic-clonic (68 %), followed by focal seizures with impaired awareness (11 %). The majority of the patients have been diagnosed with epilepsy for over three years (65 %). Comorbid epilepsy and functional seizures were found in 29 % of the patients, with a significantly higher prevalence in patients with social problems and depression (p = 0.005 and p < 0.01, respectively). Patients with depression had a 14 times higher risk of functional seizures than those without depression, 95 % CI [3.8, 52.3]. Conclusions: A remarkably high prevalence of functional seizures was found among adult patients with epilepsy. Patients suffering from social problems and/or depression and poor economic status had a higher tendency to develop functional seizures, especially after two to three years of treatment and above. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression among epileptic patients attending Daoud Charity Clinic, Khartoum State, Sudan between November to December 2022$$$ Background and aims: Epilepsy is having two or more unprovoked seizures; which are sudden, uncontrolled body movements. Studies show that epilepsy can be associated with a variety of psychological disorders; the most common of which is a depressive disorder. Depression is a mental state of low mood and aversion to activity, and it's classified medically as a mental and behavioral disorder. It has certain criteria for diagnosis based on either DSM5 or (ICD) scale. Unfortunately, there are not enough published papers about the psychiatric aspects of epilepsy in Sudan. We aimed to measure depression prevalence and its severity among epileptic patients attending the clinic. Methods: This was a cross-sectional descriptive study among epileptic patients visiting Daoud Charity Clinic between the 4th of November to 16th December 2022. 100 patients were interviewed using a structured questionnaire assessing their Socio-demographic and epilepsy characteristics and the PHQ-9 to assess depression through 27 points divided into (9) questions in which participant's score must be at least (4) points to be considered as having depression. Results: Patients' ages ranged from 14 to 70 years (mean age 30.16). Most of them had generalized epilepsy (79.2%). (57.4%) of the sample was depressed, ranging from mild, moderate, moderately severe, to severe depression in (31.7%), (14.9%), (9.9%) and (1%) respectively. Conclusions: Depression was common among epileptic patients in this study. Our findings indicate the need for improved methods for early diagnosis and treatment of depression among epileptic patients, as well as to raise primary care physicians' knowledge about the co-morbid mood disorders among such patients. ER  - 
Assessment of psychiatric comorbidities in DRE (drug -resistant epilepsy) patients$$$ Background and aims: About one-third of people with epilepsy experience comorbid depression and anxiety. The present study aimed to assess the psychiatric comorbidities in drug resistant epilepsy patients. Methods: A neuro-cognitive and psycho-social intervention module was developed that include cognitive retraining, cognitive behavioral therapy and family counselling. Participants with epilepsy were randomized to an intervention group and control group. This study was divided into two assessments – Pre-assessment and Post-assessment. Intervention group received intervention for weekly two hours. After 8 weeks, participants were invited to complete post-assessment. The Beck depression inventory (BDI) and Hamilton anxiety rating scale (HARS) and Quality of Life (QOLIE-31) scale were used to assess depression, anxiety and quality of life. Results: Participants were 47 adults with epilepsy. Patient in intervention group a significant decline (p < 0.05) in the Beck Depression Inventory - I (BDI-I) and Hamilton anxiety rating scale (HARS). Furthermore, there was a significant improvement in the Quality of Life (QOLIE-31). Conclusions: The results of this study suggest that intervention can be effective in reducing comorbid depressive and anxious symptoms. ER  - 
Multidisciplinary Care for Pediatric Patients With Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures May Be Associated With Decreased Health Care Utilization$$$ Background and Objectives: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are paroxysmal events that resemble epileptic seizures but have psychological underpinnings. Patients with PNES have high health care utilization. We hypothesize that appropriate care would lead to decreases in utilization. The aim of this study was to measure the impact of a multidisciplinary PNES clinic in reducing health care utilization (HCU) in youth with PNES referred to the clinic. Methods: We reviewed the frequency of visits to the emergency department (ED), urgent care (UC), planned and unplanned hospitalizations, neurodiagnostic studies, and total charges associated with these encounters 12 months before and 12 months after initial referral to the clinic. Manual chart review of all patients referred from November 2017 to March 2020 was performed. Results: Two hundred and twelve unique patients were included in this retrospective study. Patient sex was identified as 71% female, 28% male, and 1% other, with an average age of 14 years at diagnosis. These patients visited the ED a total of 410 times before being seen in the PNES clinic, which decreased to 187 visits after (75% reduction). All measures of HCU decreased in the 12 months after the visit, and statistically significant differences were observed in all measures of HCU except for head MRIs, leading to an estimated potential cost savings of $7,978,447. Discussion Patients with PNES were found to have decreased health care utilization in the 12 months after referral to the Nationwide Children's Hospital multidisciplinary clinic, including significant decreases in emergency services and unnecessary diagnostic testing, in the 12 months after the referral. ER  - 
Comorbidity in Congenital Hypothyroidism—A Nationwide, Population-based Cohort Study$$$ Context: Patients with congenital hypothyroidism (CH) are affected more often than the general population by other chronic diseases and neurological difficulties. Objective: The aim of this nationwide population-based register study was to investigate the incidence of congenital malformations, comorbidities, and the use of prescribed drugs in patients with primary CH. Methods: The study cohort and matched controls were identified from national population-based registers in Finland. All diagnoses from birth until the end of 2018 were collected from the Care Register, and subject-specific prescription drug purchases were identified from The Prescription Register from birth until the end of 2017. Results: Diagnoses of neonatal and chronic diseases were collected for 438 full-term patients and 835 controls (median follow-up time 11.6 years; range, 0-23 years). Newborns with CH were more often found to have neonatal jaundice (11.2% and 2.0%; P < .001), hypoglycemia (8.9% and 2.8%; P < .001), metabolic acidemia (3.2% and 1.1%; P = .007), and respiratory distress (3.9% and 1.3%; P < .003) as compared to their matched controls. Congenital malformations were diagnosed in 66 of 438 (15.1%) CH patients and in 62 of 835 (7.4%) controls (P < .001). The most commonly affected extrathyroidal systems were the circulatory and musculoskeletal systems. The cumulative incidence of hearing loss and specific developmental disorders was higher among CH patients than controls. The use of antidepressant and antipsychotic drugs was similar in CH patients and their controls. Conclusion: CH patients have more neonatal morbidity and congenital malformations than their matched controls. The cumulative incidence of neurological disorders is higher in CH patients. However, our results do not support the existence of severe psychiatric comorbidity. ER  - 
08 THE ECONOMIC COST OF FUNCTIONAL NEUROLOGICAL DISORDERS: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW INTRODUCTION$$$ Functional Neurological Disorders (FND) represent genuine involuntary neurological symptoms and signs including seizures, weakness and sensory disturbance which have characteristic clinical features, and represent a problem of voluntary control and perception despite normal basic structure of the nervous system. The historical view of FND as a diagnosis of exclusion can lead to unnecessary healthcare resource utilisation, and high direct and indirect economic costs. A systematic review was performed using PRISMA guidelines in order to assess these economic costs, and to assess for any cost- effective treatments. Methods We searched electronic databases (Pubmed, PsycInfo, Medline, EMBASE, and the National Health Service Economic Evaluations Database of the University of York) for original, primary research publications between inception of the databases and 8th April 2022. Key search terms included 'functional neurological disorder', 'conversion disorder' and 'functional seizures'. Reviews, case reports, case series and qualitative studies were excluded. We performed a descriptive and qualitative thematic analysis of the resulting studies. Results The search resulted in a total of 3,244 studies. A hand-search of conference abstracts was also conducted. 16 studies were included after screening, and exclusion of duplicates. These included: cost-of-illness (COI) studies which were conducted alongside cohort studies without intervention, which included a comparator group, e.g. another neurological disorder (n=4); COI studies which were conducted alongside cohort studies without intervention, which did not include a comparator group (n=4); economic Evaluations (EE) of interventions which were either pre-post cohort studies (n=6) or randomized controlled trials (n=2). Of these, five studies assessed active interventions, and three studies assessed costs before and after a definitive diagnosis of FND. Studies showed an excess cost associated with FND, which consisted of both direct, but also large indirect costs. Studies showed promise that interventions, including provision of a definitive diagnosis, could reduce this cost. No cost-effective treatments were identified. Study comparison was limited by study design and location heterogeneity. Conclusion FND is associated with significant use of healthcare resources, resulting in economic costs to both the patient and the tax-payer, as well as intangible losses. Interventions, including accurate diagnosis, appear to offer an avenue towards reducing these costs. ER  - 
18 CLINICAL FEATURES IN 104 PATIENTS INVESTIGATED FOR POTENTIAL AUTOIMMUNE ENCEPHALITIS AT A LONDON TEACHING HOSPITAL AFTER PRESENTING WITH PSYCHOTIC SYMPTOMS$$$ Objectives/Aims The aim of this retrospective study was to describe characteristics and diagnostic outcomes of patients presenting with psychosis to a general hospital who were investigated for possible autoimmune encephalitis (AE). Methods Electronic patient records were used to identify patients who had presented with psychosis to a London teaching hospital, were reviewed by neurology, and in whom the diagnosis of autoimmune encephalitis had been considered. Data were collected on clinical features, admission length, investigation results, antibody results, whether immunotherapy was given, whether response was seen to immunotherapy, and final diagnosis. A diagnosis of AE was defined as meeting the Graus criteria for either definite NMDA receptor encephalitis, or definite autoimmune limbic encephalitis. Clinical features were compared between AE (meeting definite criteria) and all other causes of psychosis. Patients with a likely diagnosis of AE (but not meeting definite criteria) were excluded from analyses. Anonymized data were analysed using SPSS28. Subgroup comparisons for categorical variables were conducted using Pearson's c2 test. Results 104 suitable patients were identified as having presented with psychotic symptoms and undergone investigation for AE. Year of presentation ranged from 2010 - 2021. 24 were found to have AE with the most common subtype being NMDA receptor encephalitis (N=14). 80 had psychosis due to other causes, most commonly: primary psychiatric disorders (N=24), suspected AE not meeting definite criteria (N=16), infectious (N=9), and neurodegenerative (N=7). Impaired consciousness (p=0.010) was found to be significantly more common in the AE group compared to the non-AE group. No significant difference in frequency of seizures, speech symptoms, sleep disruption, movement disorders, cognitive dysfunction, autonomic dysregulation, focal neurology, encephalopathy, adverse reaction to antipsychotics, and current/ recent tumour was observed. Focused comparison of patients with AE and those with primary psychiatric disorders found significant difference in frequency of impaired cognition (p = 0.009) and encephalopathy (p = 0.007). Conclusions Impaired consciousness is seen more frequently in AE compared to other causes of psychosis. In combination with other clinical features this may lend support to a potential diagnosis of AE. Limitations include selection bias from patient screening, and observer bias from medical record retrospective review. There is a need for future prospective longitudinal studies to guide development of clinical guidelines for the detection of AE presenting with psychotic symptoms. ER  - 
Bariatric Surgery on Patients with Epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Obesity is a common comorbid condition in patients with epilepsy, its occurrence is multifactorial and antiepileptic medications may contribute to the development of obesity and metabolic syndrome. Bariatric surgery can be offered to patients with epilepsy and obesity related comorbidities. Currently, there is lack of information regarding bariatric surgery on seizure control and antiepileptic drug concentration/toxicity. Methods: A retrospective review of a local database was performed in a tertiary centre for Bariatric Surgery. All consecutive patients with epilepsy referred to the Bariatric MDT since 2010 were identified. Standard clinical data, postoperative complications, seizure frequency, antiepileptic therapy and weight loss were extracted. Results: We identified 11 patients with epilepsy who underwent Bariatric Surgery (3 Sleeve gastrectomy, 4 gastric bypass, 4 gastric band). The %TWL 1 year after Bariatric Surgery (BS) was 22.4(20-24)%; 3 years following BS was 19.9(5-25)% and 5 years following BS was 18.9(4-24)%. 7 Patients remained seizure free during 5 year follow up after BS, in 3 people their seizure frequency did not change after BS and one patient had a cluster of dissociative seizures. There were no medication side effects reports due to impact of surgery. Conclusion: Bariatric Surgery is a safe treatment option for individuals with epilepsy. The majority of patients with epilepsy who underwent bariatric surgery had no worsening in seizure frequency or experienced any medication side effects due to the impact of surgery on absorption. Individuals with morbid obesity and epilepsy can be considered for bariatric surgery. More research is required to adequately explore the impact of BS on patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
1405. Angel of Death - Tetanus and Rabies - Indian Experience$$$ Background. Tetanus is an old-world disease and Rabies dated back to the Vedic period i.e 1500-500BC in ancient Indian scripture, Yama, the mythical God of Death. This is one of very few recent studies done in India on Tetanus and Rabies, the data available on Tetanus and rabies are less so we are trying to share our experience on these diseases, so it will help the physicians to get a better understanding. Methods. This is a retrospective study, detailed 3 years case sheet review was done and the patient's clinical presentation and prognosis was noted in pre designed format.Inclusion criteria - All diagnosed cases of tetanus and rabies,Exclusion criteria - patient already received treatment from local hospital. Results. 58 tetanus cases with average duration hospital stay 15 days, common occupation farmers(barefoot workers).The site of injury -foot in 65% cases followed by injuries to the fingers or the hand in 30% and 5%cases due to injury while tooth picking with pin, splinter removal using pins.Clinical symptoms -Trismus Lock jaw (41),difficulty in walking (2),limb pain/stiffness(17),back muscle, pain/stiffness( 12,)Dysphagia (7) ,72% autonomic dysfunction.Opisthotonos position and riscus sardonicus developed after 7-8days of infection. 18% mortality was noted most cases were unvaccinated cases. 31 Rabies cases - age group of 35-45, most cases were unprovoked bite.Common site of injury lower limbs.68% grade 3, 32% grade.Symptoms from bite1 months High grade fever, anxiety were initial symptoms followed by hydrophobia and aerophobia. 20% cases had seizure. Minimum hospital stays 12 days,Mortality 100. Conclusion. Tetanus and rabies are preventable diseases; if ignored can cost life .So Rabies vaccination and immunoglobulin should be administered on time. ER  - 
Dissociative Neurological Symptom Reactions Following COVID-19 Vaccination in Adolescents in Japan$$$ Background. In 2019, the WHO categorized immunization stress-related reactions as an adverse event following immunization (AEFI). Understanding AEFI is essential for determining an appropriate communication strategy to sustain trust in vaccination. Delayed response to immunization includes dissociative neurological symptom reactions (DNSRs), which are characterized by functional neurological symptoms. DNSRs following immunizations are quite rare, but it is often wrongly linked to causal relationship with vaccines that the public might perceive unnecessary fear. As DNSRs following vaccination in adolescents are currently understudied, the present report aimed to describe the clinical features of DNSRs following COVID-19 vaccination. Methods. The multicentric study was conducted between July 2021 and March 2023 at seven tertiary pediatric medical centers accepting patients with persistent AEFI. Patients aged 18 years or younger were included. Their charts were reviewed retrospectively for demographic data, symptoms, and the outcomes of DNSRs following COVID-19 vaccination. Results. In total, 46 patients aged 6 to 17 years were referred for persistent AEFI following COVID-19 vaccination. Among these, eight received the diagnosis of DNSR. Female patients comprised 87% of the cohort. All the patients had received the Comirnaty vaccine (Pfizer). Before DNSR onset, seven and one patient had received their first and second dose of Comirnaty, respectively. Two and one of the eight patients had a mental handicap and autism spectrum disorder, respectively. The DNSR symptoms included weakness (37%), gait irregularity (25%), speech difficulty (25%), paralysis (12%), and non-epileptic seizure (12%). The duration from vaccination to symptom onset ranged from 0 to 14 days (median: 1 day; IQR: 1-2 days). Symptom duration was 0.5-11 months (median: 5 months; IQR: 1-7 months). The outcomes included resolution (25%), improvement (62%) and no change (12%). Patients with DNSR symptoms This is summary of patients presenting with DNSRs. Conclusion. DNSRs following COVID-19 vaccination were observed predominately in female, adolescent patients and had a favorable, long-term outcome. ER  - 
GLOBRYTE: A Phase III, Open-Label, Multicenter, Randomized Trial Evaluating Glofitamab Monotherapy in Patients with Relapsed or Refractory Mantle Cell Lymphoma$$$ Background and Significance: There is currently no standard of care for patients (pts) with relapsed or refractory (R/R) mantle cell lymphoma (MCL). Although Bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitors (BTKi) have improved clinical outcomes in R/R MCL, there is a high unmet need for new treatment options for pts who do not respond to, or progress through, BTKi therapy. Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies, such as brexucabtagene autoleucel, have shown promising outcomes, but alternative systemic therapies are still needed in this pt population. Glofitamab is a CD20xCD3 T-cell-engaging bispecific antibody that redirects T cells to eliminate B cells. A Phase I/II trial of glofitamab monotherapy with step-up dosing (SUD) and obinutuzumab pretreatment (Gpt; 1000 or 2000mg) to mitigate the risk of cytokine release syndrome (CRS) showed high and durable complete response (CR) rates (73.0%) and manageable, mostly low-grade CRS in heavily pretreated pts with R/R MCL (n=37), most of whom had failed prior BTKi therapy (Phillips et al. ASH 2021, Phillips et al. ASH 2022). Study Design and Methods : The GLOBRYTE study (GO43878; EU CT: 2023-503206-37-00) is a Phase III, open-label, multicenter, randomized, controlled trial that will evaluate the efficacy, safety, pharmacokinetics (PK), and pharmacodynamics (biomarkers) of glofitamab monotherapy in pts with R/R MCL, in comparison with an investigator's choice of rituximab + bendamustine (BR) or rituximab + lenalidomide (R-Len). Pts with histologically confirmed R/R MCL who have received ≥1 prior line of systemic therapy (including a BTKi) and have an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0-2 are eligible for enrollment. Exclusion criteria include leukemic, non-nodal MCL; prior CAR T-cell therapy or CD20xCD3 bispecific antibodies; primary or secondary central nervous system (CNS) lymphoma or history of CNS lymphoma; and current or prior CNS disease (including stroke or transient ischemic attack in the past 2 years and residual neurologic deficits, epilepsy, or CNS vasculitis). Eligible pts will be randomly assigned (1:1) to receive glofitamab or investigator's choice of BR or R-Len stratified by line of therapy (1 vs ≥2) and response to last therapy (relapsed vs refractory). Pts will receive intravenous (IV) Gpt (2000mg) on Day (D) 1 of Cycle (C) 1, 7 days prior to the first glofitamab dose (Gpt may be split over 2 days as 1000mg doses if needed: the second 1000mg dose must be administered ≥1 day before initial glofitamab treatment). Pts will receive glofitamab for a fixed duration of 12 cycles, unless progressive disease (PD) or unacceptable toxicity occurs earlier. Glofitamab IV SUD will be given on C1D8 (2.5mg), C1D15 (10mg), and then the target dose (30mg) on D1 of C2-12 (21-day cycles). Pts randomized to the investigator's choice will receive 375mg/m 2 IV rituximab on D1 in combination with either 90mg/m 2 IV bendamustine on D1-2 of each cycle (BR for six cycles) or 20mg/day oral lenalidomide on D1-21 of each cycle (R-Len until PD); the cycle length for BR or R-Len is 28 days. Crossover to glofitamab from the investigator's choice is permitted in pts with radiologic confirmation of PD ( Figure). The primary endpoint is progression-free survival (PFS) determined by independent review committee (IRC). Treatment comparisons will be made with a 2-sided, level 0.05 stratified log-rank test. Secondary endpoints include overall survival (OS); IRC- and investigator-assessed CR rate, objective response rate, duration of response, and duration of CR; PFS (investigator-assessed); safety; health-related quality of life including time to deterioration in physical functioning or fatigue evaluated by the EORTC QLQ-C30; glofitamab PK; and immune response to glofitamab (including presence of anti-drug antibodies). Response will be determined according to Lugano criteria (Cheson et al. J Clin Oncol 2014). Stratified hazard ratios with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) will be calculated for PFS and OS, and odds ratios (95% CI) will be calculated for the difference in CR rate and overall response rate between treatment arms. Predictive and prognostic biomarkers (to characterize high-risk subgroups and minimal residual disease kinetics) will also be explored. An estimated 80 sites globally will enroll approximately 182 pts with R/R MCL (glofitamab n=91; BR or R-Len n=91 total) starting in Oct-Nov 2023 (APAC, US, and EU regions). ER  - 
Survival Analysis of Immunotherapy Effects on Relapse Rate in Pediatric and Adult Autoimmune Encephalitis$$$ Background and ObjectivesPrior observational studies for autoimmune encephalitis (AE) have mostly focused on outcomes after acute immunotherapies with better outcomes associated with earlier immunotherapy use. However, the impact of long-term immunotherapy and its association with clinical relapse is not well known.MethodsWe conducted a retrospective study of consecutive patients meeting published clinical criteria for AE evaluated at UC San Diego and Rady Children's Hospital from January 2007 to November 2021. Survival analysis and Cox multivariable regression models were used to evaluate relapse risk using rituximab exposure as a time-dependent variable. Pooled and age-stratified analyses were performed.ResultsA total of 204 pediatric and 380 adult participants were screened of which 30 pediatric and 75 adult participants were included. The most common antibody subtype in both cohorts was anti-NMDA receptor (76% in pediatric, 34% in adult). Relapses occurred in 31% of pediatric antibody-positive, 40% of adult antibody-positive, and 20% of adult antibody-negative cases. Times to first relapse (TTFR) were 10.6 ± 7.4 months (pediatric antibody-positive), 13.1 ± 24.5 months (adult antibody-positive), and 6.9 ± 3.8 months (adult antibody-negative). Rituximab was the most common second-line immunotherapy used. Combining pediatric and adult data, rituximab use was associated with a 71% lower hazard for time to first relapse (hazard ratio [HR] 0.29, 95% CI 0.09-0.85) and 51% lower hazard for recurring relapses (HR 0.49, 95% CI 0.9-1.26). The HR for TTFR with rituximab use in children was 0.30 (95% CI 0.05-1.69), 0.29 (95% CI 0.07-1.29) in adults, 0.32 in non-NMDA antibody-positive encephalitis (95% CI 0.07-1.39), and 0.42 (95% CI 0.07-2.67) for anti-NMDAR.DiscussionRelapses are common in pediatric and adult patients with AE, although less frequently in anti-NMDARE. Using a rigorous survival model, we demonstrate a substantial benefit of rituximab use for reducing relapse rates in AE, especially for the adult population.Classification of EvidenceThis study provides Class IV evidence that rituximab is associated with a lower hazard to relapse in patients with AE. ER  - 
Sociodemographic and clinical risk factors for suicidal ideation and suicide attempt in functional/dissociative seizures and epilepsy: a large cohort study$$$ Objective. To identify risk factors for first episodes of suicidal ideation and suicide attempt in people with functional/dissociative seizures (FDS) or epilepsy. Methods. Retrospective cohort study from the UK’s largest tertiary mental health care provider, with linked national admission data from the Hospital Episode Statistics (HES). Participants were 2383 people with a primary or secondary diagnosis of FDS or epilepsy attending between 01/01/2007 and 18/06/2021. Outcomes were a first report of suicidal ideation and a first hospital admission for suicide attempt (ICD-10 X60-X84). Demographic and clinical risk factors were assessed using multivariable bias-reduced binomial-response generalised linear models. Results. In both groups, ethnic minorities had significantly reduced odds of hospitalisations following a suicide attempt (OR: 0.45 – 0.49). Disorder-specific risk factors were gender, age, and comorbidity profile. In FDS, both genders had similar risk of suicidality; younger age was a risk factor for both outcomes (OR: 0.16 – 1.91) and a diagnosis of Depression or Personality Disorders was associated with higher odds of reporting suicidal ideation (OR: 1.91 and 3.01 respectively). In epilepsy, females had higher odds of being hospitalised following suicide attempt (OR: 1.64). Age had a quadratic association with both outcomes (OR: 0.88 – 1.06). A Substance Abuse Disorder was associated to higher suicidal ideation (OR: 2.67) whilst Developmental Disorders lowered the risk (OR: 0.16 – 0.24). Conclusions. This is the first study systematically reporting risk factors for suicidality in people with FDS. Results for the large epilepsy cohort complement previous studies and will be useful in future meta-analyses. ER  - 
Comorbidities prior to out-of-hospital cardiac arrest and diagnoses at discharge among survivors$$$ Background Out-of-hospital cardiac arrest (OHCA) has a dismal prognosis with overall survival around 10%. Previous studies have shown conflicting results regarding the prevalence and significance of comorbidities in OHCA, as well as the underlying causes. Previously, 80% of sudden cardiac arrest have been attributed to coronary artery disease. We studied comorbidities and discharge diagnoses in OHCA in all of Sweden. Methods We used the Swedish Registry of Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation, merged with the Inpatient Registry and Outpatient Registry to identify patients with OHCA from 2010 to 2020 and to collect all their comorbidities as well as discharge diagnoses (among those admitted to hospital). Patient characteristics were described using means, medians and SD. Survival curves were performed among hospitalised patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) as well as heart failure. Results A total of 54 484 patients with OHCA were included, of whom 35 894 (66%) were men. The most common comorbidities prior to OHCA were hypertension (43.6%), heart failure (23.6%), chronic ischaemic heart disease (23.6%) and atrial fibrillation (22.0%). Previous AMI was prevalent in 14.8% of men and 10.9% of women. Among women, 18.0% had type 2 diabetes, compared with 19.6% of the men. Among hospitalised patients, 30% were diagnosed with AMI, 27% with hypertension, 20% with ischaemic heart disease and 18% with heart failure as discharge diagnoses. Conclusion In summary, we find evidence that nowadays a minority of cardiac arrests are due to coronary artery disease and AMIs and its complications. Only 30% of all cases of OHCA admitted to hospital were diagnosed with AMI. Coronary artery disease is now likely in the minority with regard to causes of OHCA. ER  - 
GRN Missense Variants and Familial Alzheimer's Disease: Two Case Reports$$$ Background: Progranulin protein (GRN) is a growth factor, encoded by the GRN (Granulin precursor) gene, involved in several functions including inflammation, wound repair, signal transduction, proliferation, and tumorigenesis. Mutations in GRN gene are usually the genetic etiology of frontotemporal dementia (FTD), but different studies reported GRN mutations in Alzheimer 's disease (AD) patients. Objective: Here, we analyzed FTD linked gene GRN in 23 patients with a clinical diagnosis of AD and a family history of AD (FAD), not carrying mutations in AD candidate genes (PSEN 1, PSEN 2, and APP). In addition, Microtubule-associated protein tau (MAPT) gene was studied too. All patients underwent an extensive neuropsychological battery. Methods: Genetic analyses were performed thought PCR assay and sequencing. Variants were annotated with ANNOVAR and allele frequency was checked on population databases. In silico prediction tools were consulted to check nonsynonymous variants and their effect on protein function and structure. The clinical data were retrospectively collected from medical records. Results: Genetic screening of MAPT and GRN in 23 FAD patients highlighted two rare different variants in two probands (2/23 = 8,7%) located in GRN gene: R433W (p.Arg433Trp) and C521Y (p.Cys521Tyr). The R433W and C521Y are variants with uncertain significant, that are predicted to affect GRN protein structure and function, with a possible damaging effect. Conclusions: Our data provide evidence of the importance of GRN genetic analysis also in the study of familial AD. ER  - 
Plasma Biomarker Profile and Clinical Correlations in Adult Patients with Tuberous Sclerosis Complex$$$ ObjectivesDifferent pathophysiologic mechanisms, especially involving astrocytes, could contribute to tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). We assessed neurodegeneration and astrocytopathy plasma biomarkers in adult patients with TSC to define TSC biomarker profile and investigate clinical-radiologic correlations.MethodsPatients with TSC aged 15 years or older followed at Policlinico "Umberto I"of Rome were consecutively enrolled (July 2021-June 2022). The plasma levels of the following biomarkers were compared between patients and age/sex-matched healthy controls (HCs): TTau, pTau181, Abeta40, Abeta42, neurofilament light chain, and glial fibrillary acid protein (GFAP).ResultsThirty-one patients (20 females/11 males; median age 30 years, interquartile range 24-47) and 38 HCs were enrolled. Only GFAP was significantly higher in the whole TSC population than in HCs (132.71 [86.14-231.06] vs 44.80 [32.87-66.76] pg/mL, p < 0.001), regardless of genotype. GFAP correlated with the disease clinical (ρ = 0.498, p = 0.005) and radiologic severity (ρ = 0.417, p = 0.001). It was significantly higher in patients with epileptic spasms (254.50 [137.54-432.96] vs 86.92 [47.09-112.76] pg/mL, p < 0.0001), moderate-severe intellectual disability (200.80 [78.40-427.6] vs 105.08 [46.80-152.58] pg/mL, p = 0.040), and autism spectrum disorder (306.26 [159.07-584.47] vs 109.34 [72.56-152.08] pg/mL, p = 0.021).DiscussionOur exploratory study documented a significant increase of GFAP plasma concentration in adult patients with TSC, correlated with their neurologic severity, supporting the central role of astrocytopathy in TSC pathophysiology. ER  - 
The association between early childhood onset epilepsy and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in 3237 children and adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD): a historical longitudinal cohort data linkage study$$$ Children and young people with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) have an increased risk of comorbidities, such as epilepsy and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). However, little is known about the relationship between early childhood epilepsy (below age 7) and later ADHD diagnosis (at age 7 or above) in ASD. In this historical cohort study, we examined this relationship using an innovative data source, which included linked data from routinely collected acute hospital paediatric records and childhood community and inpatient psychiatric records. In a large sample of children and young people with ASD (N = 3237), we conducted a longitudinal analysis to examine early childhood epilepsy as a risk factor for ADHD diagnosis while adjusting for potential confounders, including socio-demographic characteristics, intellectual disability, family history of epilepsy and associated physical conditions. We found that ASD children and young people diagnosed with early childhood epilepsy had nearly a twofold increase in risk of developing ADHD later in life, an association which persisted after adjusting for potential confounders (adjusted OR = 1.72, CI95% = 1.13–2.62). This study suggests that sensitive monitoring of ADHD symptoms in children with ASD who have a history of childhood epilepsy may be important to promote early detection and treatment. It also highlights how linked electronic health records can be used to examine potential risk factors over time for multimorbidity in neurodevelopmental conditions. ER  - 
How have Participation Outcomes of Autistic Young Adults been Measured? A Scoping Review$$$ Autistic young adults experience challenges participating in the workforce, post-secondary schooling, and living in the community. We examined how participation outcomes have been measured in autistic young adults. Articles (n = 113) were identified through database searches and citation tracking. Guided by current models in the literature, data were extracted for each measure of participation. Results include a description of the studies in the review, the extent to which participation across life situations has been addressed, and a critical analysis of the measures used to describe participation. While there is some breadth in the investigation of participation across diverse life situations, there is limited depth in what the measures capture and many measures used lack psychometric support. ER  - 
Pediatric brain aneurysms: a review of 1458 brain MR angiograms$$$ Purpose: To evaluate clinical and imaging characteristics of pediatric brain aneurysms. Materials and Methods: A retrospective review of 1458 MR angiograms of pediatric patients (≤18 years old) obtained between 2006 and 2021 was performed. A non-infundibular arterial luminal outpouching larger than 1mm in size was identified as an “Intracranial aneurysm.” Patient demographics, clinical presentations, and predisposing risk factors, including family history and underlying medical conditions, were reviewed. MRA images were analyzed for aneurysm location, number, maximum diameter, and interval changes on follow-up. Results: Forty-nine (3.3%) patients (30 females, 19 males) with 64 intracranial aneurysms were identified with an average age of 13.71 ± 3.67 years. Eleven (22.4%) patients had multiple aneurysms. An underlying systemic illness was observed in 81.6% (40/49) cases, with sickle cell disease as the most frequent (25/49, 51%) diagnosis. A first-degree family history of intracranial aneurysms was recognized in 36/1458 (2.5%) patients. However, no intracranial aneurysm was found in this group. While 02/49 (4%) patients presented with acute SAH, headache was the most common (16/49, 32.7%) symptom at presentation in unruptured cases. The majority (47/64, 73.4%) of the aneurysms were located in the anterior circulation, with the ICA ophthalmic segment being most frequently (24/47, 51%) involved. Most (54/64, 84.4%) aneurysms were smaller than 4mm in size at the time of diagnosis. At least one follow-up MRA was obtained in 72.3% (34/47) of the unruptured aneurysms cohort. There was no change in the aneurysm size and morphology in 31/34 (91.2 %) patients over an average imaging follow-up of 39.6 months. Three (6%) patients demonstrated an interval increase in the aneurysm size. SAH patients (n=2) and two unruptured aneurysm patients with an interval increase in size were successfully treated with endovascular techniques. Conclusion: Female predominance with a higher frequency of small and unruptured intracranial aneurysms was recognized in our cohort. A higher incidence of an underlying systemic illness, especially sickle cell disease, was also noted. Most intracranial aneurysms in children appear to remain stable. However, there seems to be the risk of an aneurysm size increase which warrants regular clinical and imaging follow-up. ER  - 
Epidemiology of sperm DNA fragmentation in a retrospective cohort of 1191 men$$$ Background: The scientific and clinical communities now recognize that sperm DNA integrity is crucial for successful fertilization, good embryo development, and offspring quality of life. Despite the apparent unanimity, this criterion is rarely evaluated in clinical practice. We evaluated the sperm DNA fragmentation index of nearly 1200 sperm samples and its connections based on the patient's age, body mass index, the season of sperm collection, geographical location, medical history, and addictive behaviors. Methods: A cohort of 1503 patients who were referred to the Royan Institute between July 2018 and March 2020 was examined. Only 1191 patient records with demographic data, complete semen analysis, and DNA fragmentation index measurements were included in the final cohort. Documents were classified, incorporated into statistical models, and analyzed. Results: The results confirmed previous findings that the sperm DNA fragmentation index was significantly higher in aging men. The sperm DNA fragmentation index and high DNA stainability levels were significantly higher in spring and summer samples than in those of other seasons. No correlation was found between semen DNA fragmentation index and patient body mass index, although the study cohort was significantly overweight. Contrary to what might be expected, we observed that the sperm DNA fragmentation index was higher in rural than in urban patients. Intriguingly, epileptic patients exhibited significantly higher sperm DNA fragmentation index levels. Discussion and conclusion: Age is the factor that is most strongly associated with sperm DNA fragmentation index levels. Our analysis of 1191 samples indicates that between the ages of 19 and 59, the sperm DNA fragmentation index increases by an average of 2% each year. Intriguingly, from an epidemiological perspective, the warm season (spring/summer) is associated with a higher sperm DNA fragmentation index in the study population, possibly due to the deleterious effect of temperature on sperm quality. Some neurological diseases, such as epilepsy, are associated with decreased sperm DNA integrity. This observation could be related to the iatrogenic effects of associated therapies. In the study cohort, body mass index did not appear to be correlated with the DNA fragmentation index. ER  - 
Pneumonia Risk Increased by Dementia-Related Daily Living Difficulties: Poor Oral Hygiene and Dysphagia as Contributing Factors$$$ Objective: Although pneumonia is the leading cause of death among patients with dementia, the specific underlying causes remain unclear. In particular, the potential connection between pneumonia risk and dementia-related daily living difficulties, such as oral hygiene practice and mobility impairment, and the use of physical restraint as a management practice, has not been extensively studied. Methods: In our retrospective study, we included 454 admissions corresponding to 336 individual patients with dementia who were admitted to a neuropsychiatric unit due to behavioral and psychological symptoms. The admissions were divided into two groups: those who developed pneumonia while hospitalized (n=62) and those who did not (n=392). We investigated differences between the two groups in terms of dementia etiology, dementia severity, physical conditions, medical complications, medication, dementia-related difficulties in daily living, and physical restraint. To control potential confounding variables, we used mixed effects logistic regression analysis to identify risk factors for pneumonia in this cohort. Results: Our study found that the development of pneumonia in patients with dementia was associated with poor oral hygiene, dysphagia, and loss of consciousness. Physical restraint and mobility impairment showed a weaker, nonsignificant association with the development of pneumonia. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that pneumonia in this population may be caused by two primary factors: increased pathogenic microorganisms in the oral cavity due to poor hygiene, and an inability to clear aspirated contents due to dysphagia and loss of consciousness. Further investigation is needed to clarify the relationship between physical restraint, mobility impairment, and pneumonia in this population. ER  - 
Clozapine for the treatment of aggressiveness and agitation in advanced dementia$$$ Background: Distressing behavioural symptoms, particularly agitation and aggressiveness, remain a difficult problem in everyday clinical practice in the treatment of multimorbid patients with dementia. Clozapine may be an effective therapeutic alternative in this context. Methods: In a retrospective study, patients who had a diagnosis of dementia and had been treated in a specialized geriatric psychiatry unit with clozapine between August 2018 and February 2022 were included, and medical records were systematically reviewed. The Clinical Global Impressions Scale was used to assess improvement, and the Pittsburgh Agitation Scale for symptom reduction. In addition, side effects and clinical features were documented in detail. Results: A total of 31 patients (median age 82 years) were identified with a mean clozapine dose of 47.2 (SD 35.6) mg. A total of 13 patients tolerated clozapine very well, 10 showed tolerable side effects, and in 10 patients side effects were the reason for stopping clozapine. Behavioural symptoms improved significantly, as indicated by the assessment scores. Conclusions: In summary, clozapine was effective and well tolerated in 23 patients, suggesting that low-dose clozapine may help to alleviate the suffering of difficult-to-treat multimorbid patients with advanced dementia and their caregivers. However, particular attention should be paid to adverse drug reactions, especially in patients with cardiovascular and pulmonary impairment. ER  - 
The influence of glioblastoma on patients' cognitive and demographic characteristics and psychological well-being of patients and caregivers: a single-centre retrospective study$$$ Background: Glioblastoma, the most aggressive primary brain tumour in adults, poses significant challenges for patients and their caregivers. This study investigates a range of clinical parameters, such as symptoms, tumour characteristics, presence of seizures, mental status, and depression/anxiety, in glioblastoma patients. The rapid deterioration of physical and cognitive functions experienced by patients can have profound effects on both patients and their relatives throughout the course of the disease. The objective of this study was to examine and compare psychological symptoms between glioblastoma patients and their relatives. Materials and Methods: The study included 98 adult patients with glioblastoma who underwent pre- and postoperative cognitive assessments using the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE). The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) was also used to evaluate and compare psychological symptoms of patients and their relatives over time. Seizures were seen in 45.9% of patients, and the mean age of the patients was 60.1 ± 13.8 years. The patients were evaluated at various time intervals before and after surgery, and the data were retrospectively analyzed. Results: The study found that before surgery, the anxiety levels of caregivers were significantly higher than those of patients during all evaluation periods. Additionally, the depression scores of caregivers were significantly higher than those of patients only in the first month following the operation. There were no significant differences in depression scores between patients and caregivers in the other assessment intervals. The average cognitive level of patients, as assessed by the MMSE scale was 22.4 before the operation and 20.9 after the operation. Conclusion: Glioblastoma has a significant impact on the mental health and emotional well-being of both patients and their relatives. This study highlights the importance of providing early support to both patients and their relatives before surgery. The study's strength is that it focuses on an early time point, prior to surgery, where both patients and their relatives are already affected and may require additional support. The results of this study can help healthcare professionals to better understand the psychological impact of glioblastoma and provide more targeted support to patients and their caregivers. ER  - 
Lateralization of delta band power in magnetoencephalography (MEG) in patients with unilateral focal epilepsy and its relation to verbal fluency$$$ Introduction: Delta power is a clinically established biomarker for abnormal brain processes. However, in patients with unilateral focal epilepsy (FE) it is still not well understood, how it relates to the epileptogenic zone and to neurocognitive functioning. The aim of the present study was thus to assess how delta power relates to the affected hemisphere, whether lateralization strength differs between the patients, and how changes in delta power correlate with cognitive functioning. Method: We retrospectively studied patients with left (LFE) and right FE (RFE) who had undergone a resting-state magnetoencephalography measurement. We computed global and hemispheric delta power and lateralization indices and examined whether delta power correlates with semantic and letter verbal fluency (former being a marker for language and verbal memory, latter for executive functions) in 26 FE patients (15 LFE, 11 RFE) and 10 healthy controls. Results: Delta power was increased in FE patients compared to healthy controls. However, the increase across hemispheres was related to the site of the epileptic focus: On group level, LFE patients showed higher delta power in both hemispheres, whereas RFE patients primarily exhibited higher delta power in the ipsilateral right hemisphere. Both groups showed co-fluctuations of delta power between the hemispheres. Besides, delta power correlated negatively only with letter verbal fluency. Conclusion: The findings confirm and provide further evidence that delta power is a marker of pathological activity and abnormal brain processes in FE. Delta power dynamics differ between patient groups, indicating that delta power could offer additional diagnostic value. The negative association of delta power and letter verbal fluency suggests that executive dysfunctions are related to low frequency abnormalities. ER  - 
Psychometric Evaluation of the PedsQL GCS and CHU9D in Australian Children and Adolescents with Common Chronic Health Conditions$$$ Background: Generic instruments such as the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory™ v4.0 Generic Core Scales (PedsQL GCS) and Child Health Utility 9D (CHU9D) are widely used to assess health-related quality of life (HRQOL) of the general childhood population, but there is a paucity of information about their psychometric properties in children with specific health conditions. This study assessed psychometric properties, including acceptability, reliability, validity, and responsiveness, of the PedsQL GCS and the CHU9D in children and adolescents with a range of common chronic health problems. Methods: We used data from the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children (LSAC), for children aged 10–17 years with at least one of the following six parent-reported health conditions: asthma, anxiety/depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism/Asperger’s, epilepsy, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. The LSAC used parent proxy-reported PedsQL GCS and child self-reported CHU9D assessments. The performance of each instrument (PedsQL GCS and CHU9D) for each psychometric property (acceptability, reliability, validity, and responsiveness) was assessed against established criteria. Results: The study sample included 7201 children and adolescents (mean age = 14 years; range 10.1–17.9 years; 49% female) with 15,568 longitudinal observations available for analyses. Across the six health conditions, acceptability of the PedsQL GCS was high, while acceptability for the CHU9D was mixed. Both the PedsQL GCS and CHU9D showed strong internal consistency (Cronbach’s alpha range: PedsQL GCS = 0.70–0.95, CHU9D = 0.76–0.84; item-total correlations range: PedsQL GCS = 0.35–0.84, CHU9D = 0.32–0.70). However, convergent validity for both the PedsQL GCS and CHU9D was generally weak (Spearman’s correlations ≤ 0.3). Known group validity was strong for the PedsQL GCS (HRQOL differences were detected for children with and without asthma, anxiety/depression, ADHD, autism/Asperger’s, and epilepsy). CHU9D was only able to discriminate between children with and without anxiety/depression, ADHD, and autism/Asperger’s. The responsiveness of both the PedsQL GCS and CHU9D was variable across the six conditions, and most of the estimated effect sizes were relatively small (< 0.5). Conclusion: This study expands the evidence base of psychometric performance of the PedsQL GCS and CHU9D and can aid in appropriate HRQOL instrument selection for the required context by researchers and clinicians. ER  - 
Exome sequencing in the pediatric neuromuscular clinic leads to more frequent diagnosis of both neuromuscular and neurodevelopmental conditions$$$ Introduction/Aims: Exome sequencing (ES) has proven to be a valuable diagnostic tool for neuromuscular disorders, which often pose a diagnostic challenge. The aims of this study were to investigate the clinical outcomes associated with utilization of ES in the pediatric neuromuscular clinic and to determine if specific phenotypic features or abnormal neurodiagnostic tests were predictive of a diagnostic result. Methods: This was a retrospective medical record review of 76 pediatric neuromuscular clinic patients who underwent ES. Based upon clinical assessment prior to ES, patients were divided into two groups: affected by neuromuscular (n = 53) or non-neuromuscular (n = 23) syndromes. Results: A diagnosis was made in 28/76 (36.8%), with 29 unique disorders identified. In the neuromuscular group, a neuromuscular condition was confirmed in 78% of those receiving a genetic diagnosis. Early age of symptom onset was associated with a significantly higher diagnostic yield. The most common reason neuromuscular diagnoses were not detected on prior testing was due to causative genes not being present on disease-specific panels. Changes to medical care were made in 57% of individuals receiving a diagnosis on ES. Discussion: These data further support ES as a powerful diagnostic tool in the pediatric neuromuscular clinic and highlight the advantages of ES over gene panels, including the ability to identify diagnoses regardless of etiology, identify genes newly associated with disease, and identify multiple confounding diagnoses. Rapid and accurate diagnosis by ES can not only end the patient's diagnostic odyssey, but often impacts patients' medical management and genetic counseling of families. ER  - 
Personalized, parcel-guided rTMS for the treatment of major depressive disorder: Safety and proof of concept$$$ Background: Not all patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) benefit from the US Food and Drug Administration-approved use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. We may be undertreating depression with this one-size-fits-all rTMS strategy. Methods: We present a retrospective review of targeted and connectome-guided rTMS in 26 patients from Cingulum Health from 2020 to 2023 with MDD or MDD with associated symptoms. rTMS was conducted by identifying multiple cortical targets based on anomalies in individual functional connectivity networks as determined by machine learning connectomic software. Quality of life assessed by the EuroQol (EQ-5D) score and depression symptoms assessed by the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) were administered prior to treatment, directly after, and at a follow-up consultation. Results: Of the 26 patients treated with rTMS, 16 (62%) attained remission after treatment. Of the 19 patients who completed follow-up assessments after an average interval of 2.6 months, 11 (58%) responded to treatment and 13 (68%) showed significant remission. Between patients classified with or without treatment-resistant depression, there was no difference in BDI improvement. Additionally, there was significant improvement in quality of life after treatment and during follow-up compared to baseline. Limitations: This review is retrospective in nature, so there is no control group to assess the placebo effect on patient outcomes. Conclusion: The personalized, connectome-guided approach of rTMS is safe and may be effective for depression. This personalized rTMS treatment allows for co-treatment of multiple disorders, such as the comorbidity of depression and anxiety. ER  - 
Contrasting socioeconomic inequality with noncommunicable diseases: Insights from a population-based survey using the concentration index in Kong cohort study$$$ Background: Noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) are the major causes of mortality across the globe, which impose a substantial burden on health care systems, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. The present study aimed to determine socioeconomic inequality in the prevalence of NCDs using the concentration index (CI). Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on the baseline data of the Bandar Kong cohort. The principal component analysis was used to determine people's socioeconomic status (SES). The CI and Lorenz Curve were used for the assessment of socioeconomic inequality. Multivariate logistic regression was used to assess the relationship between SES and the prevalence of NCDs. A p Value less than 0.05 is considered significant. Results: Frequency and prevalence of diabetes was 653 (16.22%), hypertension 848 (21.06%), chronic lung diseases 161 (4%), epilepsy 70 (1.74%), mental disorders 191 (4.74%), stillbirth 299 (13.94%), thyroid disorders 391 (9.71%) and depression 146 (3.63%). CI for the prevalence of diabetes was [−0.107, %95 CI: −0.146 to −0.068], hypertension [−0.122, %95 CI: −0.155 to −0.088], chronic lung disease [−0.116, %95 CI: −0.202 to −0.03], psychiatric disorders [−0.230, %95 CI: −0.304 to −0.155], depression [−0.132, %95 CI: −0.220 to−0.043] and stillbirth [−0.162, %95 CI: −0.220 to −0.105]. The Gini index was negative for all these diseases, indicating that these are significantly concentrated in people of poor SES. Conclusions: The findings suggest that selected NCDs were concentrated among the poor and the low-income. Particular attention may be necessary to address the problem of NCDs among these groups. ER  - 
Seizing Off This Mortal Coil: A Matter of Epilepsy and Death$$$ Premature Mortality and Causes of Death Among People With Epilepsy: A Nationwide Population-Based Incident Cohort Study Moon HJ, Lee H, Yoon D, Koo YS, Shin JY, Lee SY. Neurology. 2023;100(20): e2060-e2070. doi:10.1212/WNL.0000000000207212. PMID: 36948594; PMCID: PMC10186245 Background and objectives: People with epilepsy (PWE) are at risk of premature death with considerable variability according to the study population. We aimed to estimate the risk and causes of death in PWE according to age, disease severity, disease course, comorbidities, and socioeconomic status in Korea. Methods: We conducted a nationwide population-based retrospective cohort study using the National Health Insurance database linked with the national death register. Newly treated PWE from 2008 to 2016 who were identified by antiseizure medication (ASM) prescriptions and diagnostic codes for epilepsy/seizure were included and observed until 2017. We assessed all-cause and cause-specific crude mortality rates and standardized mortality ratios (SMRs). Results: Among 138,998 PWE, 20,095 deaths were identified, and the mean follow-up period was 4.79 years. The SMR was 2.25 in the overall group of PWE, with a higher value in the younger age group at diagnosis and a shorter time interval after diagnosis. The SMR in the monotherapy group was 1.56, while that in the group with 4 or more ASMs was 4.93. PWE without any comorbidities had an SMR of 1.61. PWE who were rural residents had a higher SMR than those who were urban residents (2.47 vs 2.03, respectively). The causes of death among PWE were cerebrovascular disease (18.9%, SMR 4.50), malignant neoplasms outside the CNS (15.7%, SMR 1.37), malignant neoplasms of the CNS (6.7%, SMR 46.95), pneumonia (6.0%, SMR 2.08), and external causes (7.2%, SMR 2.17), including suicide (2.6%, SMR 2.07). Epilepsy itself and status epilepticus accounted for 1.9% of the overall death. The excess mortality associated with pneumonia and external causes was persistently high, whereas the excess mortality associated with malignancy and cerebrovascular diseases tended to decrease with increasing time since diagnosis. Discussion: This study showed excess mortality in PWE, even in those without comorbidities and those receiving monotherapy. Regional disparities and sustained risks of deaths from external causes over 10 years imply potential points of intervention. In addition to active control of seizures, education about injury prevention, monitoring for suicidal ideation, and efforts to improve accessibility to epilepsy care are all required to reduce mortality. ER  - 
Feasibility of psychological screening in a tertiary epilepsy clinic$$$ Objective: People with epilepsy (PWE) have a high prevalence of developing depression and anxiety. The objective is to determine the feasibility of brief screening tools to screen for depression and anxiety in epilepsy, and the predictive factors. Method: This is a cross-sectional study in the neurology clinic in a tertiary teaching hospital in Kuala Lumpur. The screening tools used were the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) and the General Anxiety Disorder Form (GAD-7). Results: Five hundred and eighty-five patients were recruited in this study, and 50.8% of them were male, predominantly Chinese (46.7%), with a mean age of seizure onset of 21.8 ± 16.1 years. The majority had focal seizures (75.0%), and 41.9% had seizure remission. There were 15.5% who scored ≥15 in the NDDI-E, and 17.0% had moderate or severe anxiety (scored ≥10 in the GAD-7). In a regression model to predict the NDDI-E score, the age of seizure onset recorded a higher beta value (β = −0.265, p =< 0.001), followed by the duration of epilepsy (β = −0.213, p =< 0.001), use of levetiracetam (LEV) (β = 0.147, p = 0.002), clonazepam (CLZ) (β = 0.127, p = 0.011), and lamotrigine (LTG) (β = 0.125, p = 0.011), number of current antiseizure medications (β = −0.124, p = 0.049), seizure remission for ≥1 year (β = −0.108, p = 0.011), and female (β = 0.082, p = 0.049). For the GAD-7 score, the predictors included current age (β = −0.152, p = 0.001), the use of LEV (β = 0.122, p = 0.011), Indian ethnicity (β = 0.114, p = 0.006), and the use of carbamazepine (β = −0.090, p = 0.043). Conclusion: Implementation of simple psychological screening using self-administered questionnaires was feasible in a busy tertiary epilepsy clinic. ER  - 
Risk factors for behavioral and psychotic dysregulation at the epilepsy monitoring unit in patients with intracranial electrodes$$$ Objective: Aberrant behavior in patients with epilepsy (PWE) admitted to an epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) can endanger their safety. We sought to identify predictive factors for post-ictal behavioral dysregulation and psychosis in patients with refractory epilepsy being monitored at an EMU. Methods: Retrospective data were gathered from electronic patient files of all patients with refractory epilepsy who underwent intracranial registration at our EMU. We assessed behavioral and psychotic dysregulations by reviewing clinical notes, administered emergency medication, and reports of injuries or casualties in patients and nurses. In addition, we compared patient demographic characteristics, clinical characteristics, and antiepileptic drug (AED) profiles between patients with and without behavioral and/or psychotic dysregulation. Results: Out of 73 admissions, 23 patients (32%) experienced behavioral dysregulation, and five patients experienced psychosis (7%). Behavioral dysregulation was only significantly associated with a previous history of interictal or postictal psychosis. Psychotic dysregulation is significantly associated with a psychiatric history, including a history of agitation or psychosis, whether or not epilepsy-related. For both types of dysregulations, there was no relation with a pre-admission frequency of seizures, clustering of seizures during monitoring, or a temporal focus of seizures. We could not report a relationship between AED use, tapering, and the occurrence of dysregulation. Conclusion: We conclude that a psychiatric history, including a history of agitation and psychosis, is related to an increased risk of behavioral and psychotic dysregulation in patients undergoing invasive seizure monitoring at the EMU. ER  - 
Dosage, time, and polytherapy dependent effects of different levetiracetam regimens on cognitive function$$$ Objective: Cognitive impairment is a potential drawback of antiseizure medications. This study aimed to evaluate the impact of different levetiracetam drug regimens on cognitive function. Methods: A retrospective analysis identified 221 patients diagnosed with seizures who underwent cognitive screening. Patients were categorized into four groups: no medications, non-levetiracetam medications, high and low dose levetiracetam. Composite scores determined low and high levetiracetam groups whereby one point was added for each increment in dosage, duration since uptake, and concurrent anti-seizure medication. Variables known to affect cognition were recorded and classified as demographic, seizure-related, diagnosis-related, and psychopathology. Logistic regression was used to identify variables associated with cognitive scores below cut-off. Results: Multivariable analysis found being male, non-active in the community, less than 12 years of education, left temporal lobe epilepsy, high seizure frequency, and depression were associated with poor cognitive performance. In a final regression analysis, the high levetiracetam group exhibited a 4.5-fold higher likelihood of scoring below cut-off than the medication-free group (OR 4.5, CI 1.5–13.6, p<.08). Depression (OR 2.1, CI 1.1-3.9, p<.03), being male (OR 2.2, CI 1.1-4.3, p<.02), and not being active in the community (OR 3.8, 1.6-8.7, p <.003) remained significant contributors to the model. Language (p<.05), attention (p<.05), and delayed recall (p<.001) were the most affected cognitive domains. Significance: When taken in small doses, for brief periods as monotherapy, levetiracetam minimally influences cognition. At higher doses, as part of long-term seizure management, in conjunction with multiple ASMs, LEV is associated with cognitive impairment. ER  - 
Distinct phenotypes in a cohort of anti-CASPR2 associated neurological syndromes$$$ Introduction: Anti-contactin-associated protein-like 2 (CASPR2) is classically associated with limbic encephalitis (LE), Morvan syndrome and peripheral nerve hyperexcitability (PNH). Additional clinical features have been previously recognized. Objective: To describe a cohort of patients with anti-CASPR2-associated neurological syndromes from a tertiary referral centre. Methods: Retrospective analysis of patients with positive serum anti-CASPR2 antibodies in the period between 2014 and 2021. Results: Nineteen patients were identified, 11 (57.9%) male, with a median age at symptom onset of 49.0 (31.3–63.0) years and a median time to diagnosis of 1.0 (0.0–1.8) years. The most common clinical syndromes were LE (7 cases, 36.8%), Morvan syndrome (4, 21.1%) and PNH (2, 10.5%). Six patients presented with atypical phenotypes (31.6%), comprising dysautonomia (orthostatic hypotension and Adie's Pupil), motor tics/stereotypies, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and brainstem involvement. The most common presenting symptoms were seizures (31.6%), PNH (21.1%) and cognitive dysfunction (15.8%). One LE patient had a disease duration of 2,5 years and was initially diagnosed with dementia. CSF was normal in most cases. Brain MRI showed temporal lobe hyperintensities in 4 LE cases (57.1%). All PNH cases had myokymic discharges of fasciculations in the electromyography. Two patients had associated thymoma and 1 had lung adenocarcinoma. Eight patients (42.1%) received treatment during the acute phase and 26.3% maintenance treatment. Approximately half of the treated cases improved or stabilised, with 4 (21.1%) deaths in the whole cohort. Conclusion: Anti-CASPR2-associated neurological disorders may present with isolated atypical phenotypes, a slowly progressive clinical course, and with normal CSF or imaging findings. ER  - 
Epilepsy hospitalizations and mental disorders: A Portuguese population-based observational retrospective study (2008–2015)$$$ Background: Psychiatric comorbidities are highly frequent in people with epilepsy and were found to be markers of poorer prognosis. These comorbidities increase the use of healthcare resources, including emergency department visits and inpatient care. Despite this, there is little information on healthcare utilization associated with a wide range of comorbid mental disorders in people with epilepsy (PWE). Objective: To characterize registered mental disorders among all hospitalizations with a primary diagnosis of epilepsy and to analyze their association with crucial hospitalization outcomes. Methods: An observational retrospective study was performed using administrative data from hospitalization episodes with epilepsy as the primary diagnosis discharged between 2008 and 2015. Mental disorder categories 650 to 670 from Clinical Classification Software were selected as secondary diagnoses. Mann-Whitney U, Kruskall-Wallis, and Chi-squared tests were used to establish comparisons. For each episode, data regarding hospitalization outcomes was retrieved, including length of stay (LoS), in-hospital mortality (IHM), 8-year period readmissions, and total estimated charges. Results: Overall, 27,785 hospitalizations were analyzed and 33.9% had registered mental disorders, with alcohol-related disorders being the most prevalent (11.7%). For episodes with a concomitant register of a mental disorder, LoS was significantly longer (5.0 vs. 4.0 days, P <0.001), and IHM was higher (2.8% vs. 2.2%, P <0.001), as were readmissions (25.5% vs. 23.7%, P <0.001), and median episodes’ charges (1,578.7 vs. 1,324.4 euros, P <0.001). Conclusion: Epilepsy-related hospitalizations with registered mental disorders heightened the utilization of healthcare resources, stressing the importance of diagnosing and treating mental disorders in PWE. ER  - 
Care and three-year outcomes of children with Benign Epilepsy with Centro-Temporal Spikes in England$$$ Purpose: Benign Epilepsy with Centro-Temporal Spikes (BECTS) is a pediatric epilepsy with typically good seizure control. Although BECTS may increase patients’ risk of developing neurological comorbidities, their clinical care and short-term outcomes are poorly quantified. Methods: We retrospectively assessed adherence to National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) guidelines relating to specialist referral, electroencephalogram (EEG) conduct and annual review in the care of patients with BECTS, and measured their seizure, neurodevelopmental and learning outcomes at three years post-diagnosis. Results: Across ten centers in England, we identified 124 patients (74 male) diagnosed with BECTS between 2015 and 2017. Patients had a mean age at diagnosis of 8.0 (95% CI = 7.6–8.4) years. 24/95 (25%) patients were seen by a specialist within two weeks of presentation; 59/100 (59%) received an EEG within two weeks of request; and 59/114 (52%) were reviewed annually. At three years post-diagnosis, 32/114 (28%) experienced ongoing seizures; 26/114 (23%) had reported poor school progress; 15/114 (13%) were diagnosed with a neurodevelopmental disorder (six autism spectrum disorder, six attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder); and 10/114 (8.8%) were diagnosed with a learning difficulty (three processing deficit, three dyslexia). Center-level random effects models estimated neurodevelopmental diagnoses in 9% (95% CI: 2–16%) of patients and learning difficulty diagnoses in 7% (95% CI: 2–12%). Conclusions: In this multicenter work, we found variable adherence to NICE guidelines in the care of patients with BECTS and identified a notable level of neurological comorbidity. Patients with BECTS may benefit from enhanced cognitive and behavioral assessment and monitoring. ER  - 
Effects of attachment styles, childhood traumas, and alexithymia in Turkish patients with epilepsy and functional seizures$$$ Introduction: In this cross-sectional study, we used self-report scales to compare childhood traumas, attachment styles, and alexithymia among patients with functional seizures (FS) to patients with epilepsy and healthy controls. We also investigated risk factors associated with FS. Material and methods: A total of 44 patients with epilepsy, 14 patients with FS, and 25 healthy controls were included. All participants were over the age of 18 and were referred to the Baskent University Adana Epilepsy and Video-EEG Center. The patients underwent neurological examinations, brain MRIs, and video-EEG evaluations. Epileptic seizures were classified based on video EEG. The control group consisted of healthy individuals without neurological or psychiatric illness and a history of epileptic seizures or syncope. Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ), Adult Attachment Scale (AAS), and Toronto Alexithymia Scale-20 (TAS-20) were applied to all participants. Results: Patients with FS had lower educational levels, higher rates of unemployment and single-marital status. The FS group had higher depression, childhood trauma, and alexithymia scores than the other groups. Furthermore, FS patients had a higher prevalence of avoidant attachment. The alexithymia and childhood trauma scores were both correlated with depression. Through the logistic regression analysis, childhood trauma scores and alexithymia were significant risk factors for FS. Conclusion: The use of video-EEG for diagnosing FS can reduce the risk of misdiagnosis and inappropriate antiepileptic treatment. Psychiatric comorbidities, childhood traumas, and alexithymia are prevalent in patients with FS. Therefore, implementing a multidisciplinary treatment approach that addresses the psychological, medical, and social aspects of FS can significantly improve outcomes. ER  - 
ROLE OF DIFFUSION-WEIGHTED MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING FOR BRAIN TUMOR CHARACTERIZATION$$$ Objectives: This study was conducted with the objective to link the results of diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with the tumor’s histopathological grade. The current study aims to evaluate this and determine the accuracy of diffusion-weighted MRI to determine grade of glioma. Methods: The present study was a hospital-based cross-sectional purposive study. A total of 50 patients undergoing the MR evaluation of the brain with evidence of clinically suspected cerebral mass were enrolled in study based on inclusion and exclusion criteria. Statistical analysis was performed. Results: In our study, the minimum apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) was significantly lower for high-grade than for low-grade gliomas (1119.68±138.33 vs. 717.18±154.38, p<0.001). Conclusions: By examining diffusion-weighted images and comparing the ADC of gliomas with the World Health Organization grade, we analyze the potential of ADC in predicting tumor grade through this study. ER  - 
(011) Catatonia Presentation and Evaluation of Creatine Kinase Blood Level as a Screening Tool by Emergency Room Physicians$$$ Background: Catatonia may present with puzzling symptoms that delay adequate and timely treatment1. Per report, 28% of bipolar patients exhibited clinical signs of catatonia2, and patients exhibiting psychosis and agitation sometimes received anti-psychotic medication that is known to worsen catatonia. When patients with catatonia present to emergency departments (ED), their presentations are often attributed to psychiatric conditions3. In patients presenting to ED with features suspicious for catatonia, CK (Creatinine Kinase) level measurements may be implemented3. Objective: Analyze Creatinine Kinase test order pattern by ER physicians for patients presenting with manifestations of catatonia. Methods: In this IRB approved study, charts of patients presenting to ER who received a diagnosis of catatonia (per ICD-9 diagnostic codes) were assessed with regard to CK lab value. Inclusion criteria were: (1.) patients diagnosed with catatonia, and (2.) CK value of 320 or higher. Further analysis recorded the diagnosis at the time of lab order and determined whether catatonia was the diagnosis given on the day of the order. Results: CK value above 320 n=41, male n=27, female n=14. Age mean=41.63, established catatonia diagnosis=31 (75.61%). Pre-catatonia (diagnosed after day of CK order) n=10 (24.39%). Diagnoses given at pre-catatonia stage (on day of CK order) included 1. Fever of unknown origin, 2. Bipolar vs illicit drugs vs new onset psychosis, 3. acute mental status change (AMS), 4. AMS/septic shock, 5. Intractable epilepsy without status epilepticus, 6. Acute Encephalopathy Infectious vs Metabolic, 7. Alcohol Withdrawal; Rhabdomyolysis, 8. fevers post-left ventricular assisted device (LVAD), 9. AMS, likely in setting of acute toxic metabolic encephalopathy, history of Recurrent non-traumatic rhabdomyolysis, assumed to be in the setting of baclofen use, 10. Parkinson plus severe underlying dementia. Discussion: For 24% of these catatonia patients with elevated CK, CK lab was ordered when other diagnoses were suspected initially, but patients were later diagnosed with catatonia. This points toward the heterogeneity in catatonia presentation in the ER. Multi-center study is required to see the CK order pattern in ER in the setting of catatonia and related conditions. Conclusion: ER physicians often utilize CK labs in catatonia. A subgroup of patients had CK ordered when delirium was initially suspected. Consultation-Liaison psychiatry teams in ER should look for any available CK lab when evaluating catatonia in ER and could add to the diagnostic tools. References: 1. Ozan E, Aydin EF. Challenges in diagnosing and adequately treating malignant catatonia and its fatal consequences. J Neuropsychiatry Clin Neurosci. 2014 Winter;26(1):E52 2. Taylor MA, Abrams R, Catatonia Prevalence and Importance in the Manic Phase of Manic-Depressive Illness, Arch Gen Psychiatry. 1977;34(10):1223-1225. 3. Jaimes-Albornoz W, Serra-Mestres J. Catatonia in the emergency department. Emerg Med J. 2012 Nov;29(11):863-7. ER  - 
Trends in anti-neuropathic medications turnover in Iraq$$$ Objectives: Neuropathic pain (NP) is a type of chronic pain. Numerous diseases and/or lesions are associated with the development of NP, and diabetes mellitus is the most prevalent cause. Several classes of medications were recommended and/or approved as anti-neuropathic medications. This study aimed to examine the trends in the turnover of anti-neuropathic medications in Iraq. Methods: This was a retrospective analysis of the turnover of selected anti-neuropathic medications in the Iraqi market derived from Advanced Marketing Statistics between 2017 and 2021. The sales units were converted to defined daily doses. Regression analysis and correlation analysis were used to compare the turnover of the medications. Key findings: The overall volume of turnover of anti-neuropathic medications increased between 2017 and 2021. The anti-neuropathic market domination was shifted from carbamazepine to pregabalin, in which the average increase in pregabalin turnover of 60% [95% CI (confidence interval) 37.6–82.5] quarterly to achieve 42% of the market share (highest sales) by 2021. The overall expenditure on anti-neuropathic medications increased steadily over the study period. Conclusions: The market of anti-neuropathic medications’ domination was shifted from the older antiepileptic drug (AED) (carbamazepine) to the newer AED (pregabalin). The availability and affordability of less expensive generic versions of these agents, together with the better safety profiles of the newer agents were the main driver for this shift. This indeed allowed Iraqi physicians to adhere to the latest international guidelines. ER  - 
Hemorrhage resulted from cortical venous infarction with seizure as first symptom after craniotomy: a clinical analysis of 11 patients$$$ Objective To summarize the clinical characteristics and efficacy of hemorrhage resulted from cortical venous infarction with seizure as the first symptom after craniotomy. Methods Eleven patients with hemorrhage resulted from cortical venous infarction with seizure as the first symptom after craniotomy admitted to Neurosurgical Center, 988th Hospital of PLA Joint Logistic Support Force from June 2011 to September 2019 were chosen in our study; primary diseases included meningioma in 7 patients, contusion and laceration of frontal lobe in 2, hypertensive cerebral hemorrhage in 1, and obsessive-compulsive disorder in 1 patient. Epilepsy was the first symptom after craniotomy. Clinical characteristics and efficacy of these patients were analyzed retrospectively; seizure control efficacy was evaluated by Engel grading. Results First seizure occurred 4 h-7 d after craniotomy in these 11 patients, including 2 with focal sensory retention seizure, 3 with focal bilateral tonic-clonic seizure, and 6 with general tonic-clonic seizure. Follow-up cranial CT revealed hematoma in surgical region, adjacent cortex or subcortex in 9 patients (hematoma volume: 15-50 mL); emergency craniotomy (hematoma clearance) and decompressive craniectomy was performed in 5 patients; only emergency craniotomy (hematoma clearance) was performed in 3 patients; conservative treatment was performed in 1 patient. A small amount of diffuse bleeding with severe cerebral edema in the surgical region appeared in 2 patients, and the transient limb paralysis gradually recovered after 2 months of conservative treatment. Follow-up was performed for (4.5±1.7) years ([2.3-7.0] years). During the last follow-up, 4 patients were normal, 5 patients had mild to moderate hemiplegia, 1 had mild decreased vision in the right eye, and 1 had long-term coma. Epileptic control efficacy analysis indicated that 8 had Engel grading I and 3 grading II. Conclusion Complete removal of hematoma and inactivated brain tissues can effectively control seizures and rebleeding in patients with hemorrhage resulted from cortical venous infarction. ER  - 
A PHASE 2 CLINICAL PROTOCOL: PLACEBOCONTROLLED, DOUBLE-BLIND, PARALLEL-GROUP TO CONFIRM SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF NA-831 IN COMBINATION WITH ADUCANUMAB IN SUBJECTS WITH EARLY ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE$$$ Background: Aducanumab is a monoclonal antibody that targets aggregated forms (plaque) of amyloid beta (Aβ) found in the brains of people with Alzheimer's disease. Aducanumab (brand name Aduhelm) has been approved by the FDA for patients with early Alzheimer's disease (AD). NA-831 is an experimental drug that has showed a proof of safety and efficacy in Phase 2 clinical trial for patients with early Alzheimer's disease. AD patients are treated with a number of comedications not only to address cognitive impairment (standard-of-care) but also other comorbidities. It is clear that amyloid reduction at best leads to modest changes in clinical deterioration and that there is room for additional therapeutics to improve patient quality of life. In addition, amyloid-related imaging abnormalities side-effects need to be taken into account opening the possibilities of dose-sparing with new combinations. Aims: The phase 2 study consists of a Core and Open Label Extension (OLE) Phase will be conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of combination therapy of NA- 831 and aducanumab with patients with Early Alzheimer's Disease (EAD). The Core is a 12-month treatment, multi-centers, double blind, placebo controlled parallel group study. The Extension Phase is up to approximately 18 months (including 3 months follow up). Methods: Core Study: Participants will be divided in 3 groups, randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive a drug or a combination of two drugs or placebo. Group 1: will receive one 30 mg of NA-831 capsule orally once a day or placebo, Group 2: will receive and intravenous aducanumab following the following schedule: Infusions 1-2: 1 mg/kg IV q4Weeks or placebo. Infusions 3-4: 3 mg/kg IV q4Weeks or placebo. Infusions 5-6: 6 mg/kg IV q4Weeks or placebo. Infusion 7 and beyond: 10 mg/kg IV q4Weeks or placebo. Group 3: will receive one 30 mg of NA-831 capsule orally once a day, and intravenous aducanumab following the following schedule: Infusions 1-2: 1 mg/kg IV q4Weeks or placebo. Infusions 3-4: 3 mg/kg IV q4Weeks or placebo. Infusions 5-6: 6 mg/kg IV q4Weeks or placebo. Infusion 7 and beyond: 10 mg/kg IV q4Weeks or placebo. The core study will be double blinded. Open Label Extension Phase: Participants completing the core study will receive one 30 milligram (mg) NA-31capsule orally once a day, and intravenous aducanumab (6 mg per kilogram of body weight every 4 weeks). The Extension Phase is up to approximately 18 months (including 3 months follow up). Enrolment: 240 participants. Ages: 50 to 90 Years. All sexes are eligible for study. Key Inclusion Criteria: Diagnosis: Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) due to Alzheimer's disease - intermediate likelihood: Meet the National Institute of Aging - Alzheimer's Association (NIA-AA) core clinical criteria for MCI due to Alzheimer's disease - intermediate likelihood. Have a global Clinical Dementia Rating (CDR) score of 0.5 and CDR Memory Box score of 0.5 or greater at Screening and Baseline. Report a history of subjective memory decline with gradual onset and slow progression over the last 1 year before Screening; must be corroborated by an informant. Mild Alzheimer's disease dementia: Meet the NIA-AA core clinical criteria for probable Alzheimer's disease dementia. Have a global CDR score of 0.5 to 1.0 and a CDR Memory Box score of 0.5 or greater at Screening and Baseline. Key Exclusion Criteria: Any neurological condition that may be contributing to cognitive impairment above and beyond that caused by the participant's Alzheimer's disease. History of transient ischemic attacks (TIA), stroke, or seizures within 12 months of Screening. Any psychiatric diagnosis or symptoms (example, hallucinations, major depression, or delusions) that could interfere with study procedures in the participant. Results to be presented: I. Key Outcome Measures: Core Study: Change from Baseline in the CDR-SB at 12 Months [Time Frame: Baseline, 12 months]. Extension Phase: Number of Participants Reporting One or More Treatment-emergent Adverse Events (TEAEs) [Time Frame: From first dose of study drug up to approximately 18 months (including 3 months follow up) for the extension phase]. II. Secondary Outcome Measures:. Core Study: Change from Baseline in Alzheimer Disease Assessment Scale - Cognitive Subscale 14 (ADAS-cog14) at 12 Months [Time Frame: Baseline, 12 months]. Core Phase: Change from Baseline in Alzheimer's Disease Composite Score (ADCOMS) at 12 Months [Time Frame: Baseline, 12 months]. Core Study: Change from Baseline in Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study-Activities of Daily Living Scale for Mild Cognitive Impairment (ADCS MCI-ADL) at 12 Months [Time Frame: Baseline, 12 months]. Additional study will include (a) complex PK-PK interaction studies, or (c) providing evidence that the combination has a synergistic effect. Conclusions: The Phase 2 clinical trial will be conducted more than 20 sites in the US and several countries. The details of the Phase 2 methodology and protocol will be presented and discussed. ER  - 
A PHASE 3 CLINICAL PROTOCOL: PLACEBOCONTROLLED, DOUBLE-BLIND, PARALLEL-GROUP TO CONFIRM SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF NA-831 IN COMBINATION WITH LECANEMAB IN SUBJECTS WITH EARLY ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE$$$ Background: Lecanemab, a humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody that binds with high affinity to Aβ soluble protofibrils, which has been approved by the FDA for patients with early Alzheimer's disease (AD). NA-831 is an experimental drug that has showed a proof of safety and efficacy in Phase 2 clinical trial for patients with early Alzheimer's disease. AD patients are treated with a number of comedications not only to address cognitive impairment (standard-of-care) but also other comorbidities. It is clear that amyloid reduction at best leads to modest changes in clinical deterioration and that there is room for additional therapeutics to improve patient quality of life. In addition, amyloid-related imaging abnormalities sideeffects need to be taken into account opening the possibilities of dose-sparing with new combinations. Aims: The phase 3 study consists of a Core and Open Label Extension (OLE) Phase will be conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of combination therapy of NA- 831 and lecanemab with patients with Early Alzheimer's Disease (EAD). The Core is an 18-month treatment, multi-centers, double blind, placebo controlled parallel group study. Methods: Core Study: Participants will be divided in 3 groups, randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive a drug or a combination of two drugs or placebo. Group 1: will receive one 30 mg of NA-831 capsule orally once a day or placebo. Group 2: will receive and intravenous lecanemab (10 mg per kilogram of body weight every 2 weeks) or placebo. Group 3: will receive one 30 mg of NA-831 capsule orally once a day and intravenous lecanemab (5 mg per kilogram of body weight every 2 weeks) or placebo. The core study will be double blinded. Open Label Extension Phase: Participants completing the core study will receive one 30 milligram (mg) NA-31capsule orally once a day, and intravenous lecanemab (5 mg per kilogram of body weight every 2 weeks). Enrolment: 630 participants. Ages: 50 to 90 Years. All sexes are eligible for study. Key Inclusion Criteria: Diagnosis: Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) due to Alzheimer's disease - intermediate likelihood: Meet the National Institute of Aging - Alzheimer's Association (NIAAA) core clinical criteria for MCI due to Alzheimer's disease - intermediate likelihood. Have a global Clinical Dementia Rating (CDR) score of 0.5 and CDR Memory Box score of 0.5 or greater at Screening and Baseline. Report a history of subjective memory decline with gradual onset and slow progression over the last 1 year before Screening; must be corroborated by an informant. Mild Alzheimer's disease dementia: Meet the NIA-AA core clinical criteria for probable Alzheimer's disease dementia. Have a global CDR score of 0.5 to 1.0 and a CDR Memory Box score of 0.5 or greater at Screening and Baseline. Key Exclusion Criteria: Any neurological condition that may be contributing to cognitive impairment above and beyond that caused by the participant's Alzheimer's disease. History of transient ischemic attacks (TIA), stroke, or seizures within 12 months of Screening. Any psychiatric diagnosis or symptoms (example, hallucinations, major depression, or delusions) that could interfere with study procedures in the participant. Results to be presented: I. Key Outcome Measures: Core Study: Change from Baseline in the CDR-SB at 18 Months [Time Frame: Baseline, 18 months]. Extension Phase: Number of Participants Reporting One or More Treatment-emergent Adverse Events (TEAEs) [Time Frame: From first dose of study drug up to approximately 24 months (including 3 months follow up) for the extension phase]. II. Secondary Outcome Measures: Core Study: Change from Baseline in Alzheimer Disease Assessment Scale - Cognitive Subscale 14 (ADAS-cog14) at 18 Months [Time Frame: Baseline, 18 months]. Core Phase: Change from Baseline in Alzheimer's Disease Composite Score (ADCOMS) at 18 Months [Time Frame: Baseline, 18 months]. Core Study: Change from Baseline in Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study-Activities of Daily Living Scale for Mild Cognitive Impairment (ADCS MCI-ADL) at 18 Months [Time Frame: Baseline, 18 months]. Additional study will include (a) complex PK-PK interaction studies, or (c) providing evidence that the combination has a synergistic effect. Conclusion: The Phase 3 clinical trial will be conducted more than 30 sites in the US and several countries. The details of the Phase 3 methodology and protocol will be presented and discussed. ER  - 
DOSE-EFFECT RELATIONSHIP OF DEXAMETHASONE ON OUTCOMES OF PRIMARY CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM LYMPHOMA$$$ BACKGROUND: Dexamethasone is commonly used for symptomatic management in primary central nervous lymphoma (PCNSL). The optimal dosing scheme for dexamethasone is unknown and practice patterns widely vary among clinicians. In this study, we explored the dose-effect relationship of dexamethasone on PCNSL outcomes to better influence quality care for these patients. METHODS: We retrospectively identified 24 Mayo Clinic patients (1/1/2018 12/31/2022) with pathologically confirmed PCNSL who received dexamethasone. All patients otherwise received standard oncologic care including methotrexate-based systemic chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. The association between dexamethasone dosing regimens and clinical outcomes (performance status, clinical and radiographic response, survival) in addition to potential adverse effects were evaluated in the acute phase of presentation and at first post-treatment oncology follow up. RESULTS: Nine patients received less frequent dexamethasone dosing (4 mg twice daily or less), while 15 received more frequent dexamethasone dosing (4 mg four times daily). Fourteen patients received dexamethasone prior to biopsy, 2 of which (1 in each cohort) had a non-diagnostic biopsy and required a second procedure 3 weeks to 3 months later to confirm PCNSL diagnosis. There were no statistically significant differences in time to diagnosis from presentation or clinical and radiographic improvement including Karnofsky Performance Status, reduction in seizures, or survival between the two cohorts. Additionally, there were no differences in the frequency of adverse events (e.g., hyperglycemia, hypertension, infection, psychosis) between the two dosing regimens. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that more frequent dexamethasone dosing is not associated with better clinical outcomes in the symptomatic management of PCNSL. Twice daily or less frequent dosing can be considered without compromising patient outcomes. ER  - 
TUMOR-RELATED EPILEPSY IN PATIENTS WITH BRAIN TUMORS (PBT): AN ACADEMIC INSTITUTION EXPERIENCE$$$ BACKGROUND: Brain tumors are the second most common cause of intractable focal epilepsy. Seizures can be the presenting symptom of PBT or develop later in the disease course, impacting morbidity and quality of life. Despite the high prevalence of PBT-related epilepsy, there is a scarcity of literature to help better identify its unique features and characterizations that can guide medical management and reach a standardized approach for it. We present a retrospective review of a cohort of PBT-related epilepsy cases at a single academic institution. METHODS: Records of patients with PBT seen at Upstate Medical University between 2012 and 2022 were reviewed. Inclusion criteria were: 18 years of age and older at the time of diagnosis and having at least one seizure that thought to be related to a PBT. Patients with history of previous epilepsy or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures were excluded. RESULTS: Of the 1103 reviewed records, 293 patients (26.56%) met the inclusion criteria. Mean age at tumor diagnosis was 57.7 years +/- 16.6, and mean follow-up after tumor diagnosis was 17.9 months. Seizures were the initial presentation of the brain tumor in 166 (56.66%) patients. The most common tumor was grade 4 glioma in 45% of patients. Anti-seizure medications were started in 92.1%, and the most commonly used medication was levetiracetam in 75%. Number of patients who underwent total resection of the tumor was 123 (42.4%). On the last follow-up visit, 56% of patients remained seizure-free. CONCLUSION: Patients with PBT often develop epilepsy that, at times, can be intractable. More than half of our patients experienced a seizure as the presenting symptom. Even though more than 90% were started on anti-seizure medications, only 56% remained seizure-free on follow-ups. Since seizures dramatically affect the quality of life, managing seizures in this patient population warrants further studies. ER  - 
DOSE-EFFECT RELATIONSHIP OF DEXAMETHASONE ON OUTCOMES OF BRAIN METASTASES$$$ BACKGROUND: Dexamethasone is commonly used to manage peritumoral edema and alleviate neurologic symptoms in patients with intracranial tumors. The optimal dexamethasone dose for brain metastases is unknown and widely variable. Recent literature reports the most common regimen is 4 mg four times daily. However, the half-life of dexamethasone is 35-54 hours, suggesting that such frequent dosing may be unnecessary. We explored the dose-effect relationship of dexamethasone on brain metastases patient outcomes to improve quality of care. METHODS: We retrospectively identified 100 patients (1/1/2016 - 12/31/2022) with brain metastases who were treated with dexamethasone and had adequate follow-up. All patients received standard oncologic care including chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and/or surgical intervention. We evaluated the association between dexamethasone dosing regimens (< 4 mg twice daily versus > 4 mg three times daily), clinical outcomes (performance status, clinical and radiographic response to corticosteroids, survival), and dexamethasone adverse effects during the acute presentation and at first neuro-oncologic follow-up. RESULTS: Seventy-two patients received less frequent dexamethasone dosing (< 4 mg twice daily), while 28 received more frequent dexamethasone dosing (> 4 mg three times daily). Patients with higher frequency dexamethasone dosing were more likely to have radiographic evidence of midline shift (p < 0.001), compression of ventricles (p < 0.001), and herniation (p = 0.0020) at presentation. Those with more frequent dosing more often demonstrated radiographic response to dexamethasone (67.9% vs. 45.8%, p = 0.0323), but there were no differences in symptomatic improvement, Karnofsky Performance Status, seizure reduction, survival, or the frequency of adverse events (e.g., hyperglycemia, hypertension, infection, psychosis) between the two cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that for most patients with brain metastases, less frequent dexamethasone dosing may lead to clinical outcomes that are similar to those patients who received more frequent dosing. However, higher doses of dexamethasone can be considered for those with more concerning radiologic features. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of tafasitamab with or without lenalidomide added to first-line R-CHOP for DLBCL: the phase 1b First-MIND study$$$ Anti-CD19 immunotherapy tafasitamab is used in combination with lenalidomide in patients with relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) who are ineligible for autologous stem cell transplant. Open-label, phase 1b, First-MIND study assessed safety and preliminary efficacy of tafasitamab + R-CHOP (rituximab, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone) ± lenalidomide as first-line therapy in patients with DLBCL. From December 2019 to August 2020, 83 adults with untreated DLBCL (International Prognostic Index 2-5) were screened and 66 were randomly assigned (33 per arm) to R-CHOP-tafasitamab (arm T) or R-CHOP-tafasitamab-lenalidomide (arm T/L) for 6 cycles. Primary end point was safety; secondary end points included end-of-treatment (EoT) overall response rate (ORR) and complete response (CR) rate. All patients had ≥1 treatment-emergent adverse event, mostly grade 1 or 2. Grade ≥3 neutropenia and thrombocytopenia occurred, respectively, in 57.6% and 12.1% (arm T) and 84.8% and 36.4% (arm T/L) of patients. Nonhematologic toxicities occurred at similar rates among arms. R-CHOP mean relative dose intensity was ≥89% in both arms. EoT ORR was 75.8% (CR 72.7%) in arm T and 81.8% (CR 66.7%) in arm T/L; best ORR across visits was 90.0% and 93.9%. Eighteen-month duration of response and of CR rates were 72.7% and 74.5% (arm T) and 78.7% and 86.5% (arm T/L); 24-month progression-free and overall survival rates were 72.7% and 90.3% (arm T) and 76.8% and 93.8% (arm T/L). Manageable safety and promising signals of efficacy were observed in both arms. Potential benefit of adding tafasitamab + lenalidomide to R-CHOP is being investigated in phase 3 frontMIND (NCT04824092). This study is registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as #NCT04134936. ER  - 
The Yield of Ambulatory Video-EEG: Predictors of Successful Event Capture$$$ Background and Objectives: The purpose of this study was to assess the likelihood of capturing a patient's typical event in question on ambulatory video-EEG monitoring (AVEM) based on certain baseline patient or event characteristics. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed 300 studies that resulted between June 2021 and August 2022 ordered by adult epileptologists. Patients were included in event analysis if the study was ordered for the purpose of capturing an event (and excluded for all other purposes). Results: A total of 149 studies were included in event analysis. Sixty-eight patients (46%) had their typical events captured on AVEM. Diagnosis was an epileptic seizure in 17 patients (25%), psychogenic nonepileptic seizure in 7 (10%), and other nonepileptic events in 44 (65%). Regarding event frequency, for patients who on average had daily events, 84% had events captured, which corresponds to a significantly increased odds ratio (OR 17.90, 95% CI 7.55-42.44, p < 0.001). For those who had events <1 per week to ≥1 per month, only 9% had events captured (OR 0.06, 95% CI 0.02-0.19, p < 0.001). No patients who had events less frequently than once per month had a diagnostic AVEM. Regarding the number of antiseizure medications (ASMs), the odds ratio was increased for those not on ASMs (OR 2.65, 95% CI 1.17 -6.03, p = 0.02) and decreased for those on 1 ASM (OR 0.28, 95% CI 0.13 -0.60, p = 0.001). There was no statistical significance based on event type (motor vs nonmotor), prior seizure diagnosis, history of psychiatric comorbidity, or presence of a focal brain lesion. Discussion: Certain baseline characteristics can increase or decrease the pretest probability of capturing a typical event on AVEM, particularly the frequency of events and number of ASMs. This can be useful information for clinicians before ordering a study so that resources can be properly allocated. ER  - 
Phenotypes of undiagnosed adults with actionable OTC and GLA variants$$$ Inherited metabolic disorders (IMDs) are variably expressive, complicating identification of affected individuals. A genotype-first approach can identify individuals at risk for morbidity and mortality from undiagnosed IMDs and can lead to protocols that improve clinical detection, counseling, and management. Using data from 57,340 participants in two hospital biobanks, we assessed the frequency and phenotypes of individuals with pathogenic/likely pathogenic variants (PLPVs) in two IMD genes: GLA, associated with Fabry disease, and OTC, associated with ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency. Approximately 1 in 19,100 participants harbored an undiagnosed PLPV in GLA or OTC. We identified three individuals (2 male, 1 female) with PLPVs in GLA, all of whom were undiagnosed, and three individuals (3 female) with PLPVs in OTC, two of whom were undiagnosed. All three individuals with PLPVs in GLA (100%) had symptoms suggestive of mild Fabry disease, and one individual (14.2%) had an ischemic stroke at age 33, likely indicating the presence of classic disease. No individuals with PLPVs in OTC had documented hyperammonemia despite exposure to catabolic states, but all (100%) had chronic symptoms suggestive of attenuated disease, including mood disorders and migraines. Our findings suggest that GLA and OTC variants identified via a genotype-first approach are of high penetrance and that population screening of these genes can be used to facilitate stepwise phenotyping and appropriate care. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes and health-related quality of life in patients with autoimmune encephalitis: An observational study$$$ Autoimmune encephalitis (AE) subacutely causes severe and multiple symptoms; however, most patients achieve neurologically favorable outcomes. Despite the substantial recovery in motor function, persistent impairments in mental/social aspects lasting for several years have been recognized, and its potential effect on health-related quality of life (HRQOL) has been argued. To urgently evaluate the long-term effects of AE on patients' HRQOL, we investigated patient-oriented long-term outcomes and assessed the HRQOL of patients with AE. Data of patients who were diagnosed with probable/definite AE, defined by Graus AE criteria 2016, and treated at our hospital between January 2011 and October 2020 were retrospectively retrieved. Their long-term (≥2 years) outcomes, which included various sequelae and handicaps in social activities such as returning to previous work/school life through structured interview forms, were evaluated, and the HRQOL was assessed using Neuro-QOL battery. We identified 32 patients who met the Graus AE criteria 2016 and eventually enrolled 21 patients in the study. The median interval between disease onset and survey period was 63 (25-156) months, and 43% of the patients had persistent neuropsychiatric symptoms, including memory disorders, personality changes, and seizures. No more than 71% returned to their previous work/school life. Although most of the patients had global QOL within normal limits, 48% had social QOL under normal limits. Patients with sequelae were significantly less likely to return to previous work/school and had worse global/social quality of life than patients without sequelae. In conclusion, nearly half of patients with AE had social QOL under normal limits 5 years after onset. The difficulty in returning to work/school and a worse HRQOL were notable in patients with sequelae. ER  - 
Content or context? A study protocol for a three-arm parallel randomised controlled trial of R e -PROGRAM, a brief internet-based intervention for patients with functional seizures$$$ Introduction Functional seizures (FS) mimic epilepsy but are not caused by epileptic electrical activity in the brain and are believed to have a psychological origin. There is a well-documented gap between the needs of patients with FS and available therapeutic resources. While there is potential for reducing seizure burden in patients via psychosocial intervention, there is no evidence-based care pathway or consistent availability of treatment and no effective pharmacological treatment. The objective of this study is to investigate the clinical efficacy and tolerability of a novel internet-based intervention in reducing seizure frequency. Methods and analysis A 3-arm parallel randomised controlled trial will compare the efficacy of brief guided internet-based therapy to unguided internet-based therapy and to standard care. Approximately 100 participants with FS will be recruited, with diagnostic criteria based on gold standard video-electroencephalogram (v-EEG) monitoring; patients will be randomly assigned to one of the three study arms. The primary study outcome will be FS frequency at 6 weeks and at follow-up (6 and 12 months) compared with baseline. Seizure frequency will be modelled using Poisson regression. Secondary outcomes include psychosocial functioning, healthcare resource usage, anxiety, depression, somatisation and life impact. Between-group differences will be evaluated using analysis of variance. Analysis of covariance will estimate within-group changes on secondary outcomes. Cognitive and psychological factors will be used as predictors of seizure reduction in exploratory analyses. A qualitative survey using a semi-structured interview will use thematic analyses to explore participants' treatment experiences, their impressions of FS management and perceived mechanisms for change. Ethics and dissemination The study was approved by the Human Research and Ethics Committee of the Alfred Hospital Human Research Ethics Committee as part of the Australian Multisite Ethics approval system. Results of the study will be presented at national and international conferences and published in peer-reviewed journals. Trial registration number ACTRN12622000262707. ER  - 
A longitudinal study of the relationships between sleep problems in autistic children and maternal mental health$$$ Autistic children experience a high rate of sleep problems, which have been associated with maternal mental health difficulties. However, the directionality of these relationships has received little attention. The extent to which children’s sleep problems influence maternal mental health difficulties and vice versa remains unclear. The aim of this study was to examine the bidirectional relationships between the sleep problems of autistic children and maternal mental health difficulties over 12 years. Six biennial waves of longitudinal data from when children were 4 to 5 years old were drawn from the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children. The sample comprised 397 child–mother dyads. Maternal mental health was assessed with the Kessler-6, while sleep problems were assessed through a series of questions relating to common sleep problems in children. The results demonstrated significant bidirectional effects between maternal mental health and child sleep problems at key developmental transition time points. Specifically, when children transitioned from preschool to primary school and again when the children transitioned from primary school to high school. These findings highlight the need for increased support for both the child and mother at these critical time points to reduce the negative impact of maternal psychological distress on child sleep problems and vice versa. Lay abstract: Autistic children experience increased the rates of sleep problems. These sleep problems have been associated with mother’s mental health symptoms. However, the direction of these relationships is not well understood. This study investigated the relationships between autistic children’s sleep problems and mothers’ mental health over a 12-year period using data collected as part of the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children. Data from 397 autistic children and their mothers were included in this study. Mothers completed a questionnaire about their own mental health and common childhood sleep problems at four time points from 4–5 years to 14–15 years. The results showed important relationships between mothers’ mental health symptoms and child sleep problems at two time points. Specifically, (1) mothers’ mental health symptoms when the child was aged 4 to 5 years predicted child sleep problems at age 6 to 7 years; and (2) child sleep problems at age 12–13 years predicted mothers’ mental health symptoms when the child was aged 14 to 15 years. Interestingly, these significant relationships also coincide with key developmental transition time points, when the child is transitioning in and out of primary school. These findings highlight the need for increased support for both the child and mother at these times to optimise outcomes for both. ER  - 
Long-term adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes of discordant twins delivered at term: A nationwide population-based study$$$ Objective: To evaluate long-term adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes of discordant twins delivered at term. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Nationwide (Republic of Korea). Population: All twin children delivered at term between 2007 and 2010. Methods: The study population was divided into two groups according to inter-twin birthweight discordancy: the ‘concordant twin group’, twin pairs with inter-twin birthweight discordancy less than 20%; and the ‘discordant twin group’, twin pairs with inter-twin birthweight discordancy of 20% or more. The risk of long-term adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes was compared between the concordant twin group and the discordant twin group. Long-term adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes between smaller and larger twin children within twin pairs were further analysed. The composite adverse neurodevelopmental outcome was defined as the presence of at least one of the following: motor developmental delay, cognitive developmental delay, autism spectrum disorders/attention deficit hyperactivity disorders, tics/stereotypical behaviour or epileptic/febrile seizure. Main Outcome Measures: Long-term adverse neurodevelopmental outcome. Results: Of 22 468 twin children (11 234 pairs) included, 3412 (15.19%) twin children were discordant. The risk of composite adverse neurodevelopmental outcome was higher in the discordant twin group than in the concordant twin group (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.13, 95% CI 1.03–1.24). The long-term adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes were not significantly different between smaller and larger twin children in discordant twin pairs (adjusted HR 1.01, 95% CI 0.81–1.28). Conclusion: In twin pairs delivered at term, an inter-twin birthweight discordancy of 20% or greater was associated with long-term adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes; and long-term adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes were not significantly different in smaller or larger twin children in discordant twin pairs. ER  - 
Pattern of systemic lupus erythematosus in NIGERIA: a multicentre descriptive hospital-based study$$$ Introduction: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a chronic autoimmune inflammatory disease with manifestations ranging from mild to life-threatening organ dysfunction. There is wide variability in the reported incidence and prevalence rate globally, particularly in low and middle-income countries. Nigeria had very few isolated reports of SLE from private and public hospitals Therefore, we conducted this large multi-center descriptive study to determine the sociodemographic, clinical profile, laboratory patterns, and treatment among Nigerian lupus patients. Methods: A retrospective hospital-based study of all SLE patients seen over 4 years (January 2017 to December 2020) was conducted at 20 rheumatology clinics spread across the 6 geopolitical zones of Nigeria. All patients 18 years and above satisfying the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 1997 and/or the Systemic Lupus International Collaboration Clinics (SLICC) 2012 classification criteria for SLE were enrolled. Patients with other Rheumatic and Musculoskeletal Diseases (RMDs) not in keeping with SLE and Patients with incomplete data were excluded. Data was analysed using SPSS version 23.0 software. Results: A total of 896 patients with SLE were included in the final analysis with a mean age ± SD of 34.47 ± 11 and a female to male ratio of 8.1:1. Synovitis was reported by 61.6% of patients, while 51%, 19.9% and11.4% patients reported acute, sub-acute and chronic lupus rashes respectively. ANA was positive in 98.0% with titers ranging from 1:80 to 1:64,000. Conclusion: SLE is not rare in Nigeria. Most patients were female in their 3rd to 4th decades of life. There is a delayed presentation to a rheumatology facility. Arthritis and mucocutaneous manifestations were the most frequent presentation. Key Points •This study presents the first national data on SLE in Nigeria •This study showed that SLE is not rare in Nigeria in contrast to previous reports •There appear to be ethnic disparity in the frequency of lupus among Nigerians •Nigerians with lupus have very high titer of ANA. ER  - 
Risk characteristics of alcohol and/or drug misuse in repeat emergency department attendees for seizures: a case–control study$$$ Background: There is a bi-directional relationship between seizures and substance misuse, i.e., alcohol and recreational drugs. Seizures and substance misuse are recognised separately to influence increased emergency department (ED) admissions and early death. There is however no understanding of the cumulative influence of these matters on repeat ED attenders for seizures esp. as a third are likely to re-attend within the year. This case–control study compares the characteristics of people with substance misuse to those without substance misuse presenting recurrently with seizures to the ED. Methods: From a single ED serving a rural population in the Southwest of England, data of all people presenting more than once with a seizure over a 4-year period were examined. The diagnosis of alcohol or drug misuse, deaths, demographic characteristics, and service use were captured. Results: Of 450 repeat attenders, 95 had a recorded history of alcohol and/or drug problems. Those with substance misuse had double the mortality when adjusted for age and gender compared to those without. They were also more likely to be male, younger in age, have mental health issues, live in socially deprived neighborhoods, not take anti-seizure medications and not have had a specialist review in epilepsy services in the previous year. Nearly a quarter of those with addiction issues died in the 4-year period. Discussion: Service provision for this vulnerable group may need to be modelled along different lines to traditional approaches, such as an assertive outreach community-based service as provided for chronic psychiatric and addiction management. ER  - 
Patterns of Prescription Medication Use during the First Trimester of Pregnancy in the United States, 1997–2018$$$ The objective of this analysis was to describe patterns of prescription medication use during pregnancy, including secular trends, with consideration of indication, and distributions of use within demographic subgroups. We conducted a descriptive secondary analysis using data from 9,755 women whose infants served as controls in two large United States case–control studies from 1997–2011 and 2014–2018. After excluding vitamin, herbal, mineral, vaccine, i.v. fluid, and topical products and over-the-counter medications, the proportion of women that reported taking at least one prescription medication in the first trimester increased over the study years, from 37% to 50% of women. The corresponding proportions increased with increasing maternal age and years of education, were highest for non-Hispanic White women (47%) and lowest for Hispanic women (24%). The most common indication for first trimester use of a medication was infection (12–15%). Increases were observed across the years for medications used for indications related to nausea/vomiting, depression/anxiety, infertility, thyroid disease, diabetes, and epilepsy. The largest relative increase in use among women was observed for medications to treat nausea/vomiting, which increased from 3.8% in the earliest years of the study (1997–2001) to 14.8% in 2014–2018, driven in large part by ondansetron use. Prescription medication use in the first trimester of pregnancy is common and increasing. Many medical conditions require treatments among pregnant women, often involving pharmacotherapy, which necessitates consideration of the risk and safety profiles for both mother and fetus. ER  - 
Antiseizure medication selection and retention for adult onset focal epilepsy in a Swedish health service region: A population-based cohort study$$$ Objective: Historically, approximately half of those with newly diagnosed epilepsy have responded to and tolerated the first antiseizure medication (ASM), but there are few contemporary real-world data. Third-generation ASMs have improved tolerability and are increasingly used according to prescription data. We aimed to describe current ASM selection and retention in adult onset focal epilepsy in western Sweden. Methods: A multicenter retrospective cohort study was performed at five public neurology care providers in western Sweden (nearly complete coverage in the area). We reviewed 2607 medical charts and included patients diagnosed with nongeneralized epilepsy after January 1, 2020 who had a seizure onset after age 25 years (presumed focal onset) and were started on ASM monotherapy. Results: A total of 542 patients (median age at seizure onset = 68 years, interquartile range = 52–77) were included. Most patients received levetiracetam (62%) or lamotrigine (35%), with levetiracetam being more common among men and those with structural causes or short epilepsy duration. During follow-up (median = 471.5 days), 463 patients (85%) remained on the first ASM. Fifty-nine (18%) patients discontinued levetiracetam, and 18 (10%) ended treatment with lamotrigine (p =.010), most commonly because of side effects. In a multivariable Cox regression model, the discontinuation risk was higher for levetiracetam than lamotrigine (adjusted hazard ratio = 2.01, 95% confidence interval = 1.16–3.51). Significance: Levetiracetam and lamotrigine were the dominating first ASMs for adult onset focal epilepsy in our region, indicating good awareness of problems with enzyme induction or teratogenicity of older drugs. The most striking finding is the high retention rates, perhaps reflecting a shift toward an older epilepsy population, higher tolerability of newer ASMs, or suboptimal follow-up. The finding that treatment retention differed among patients receiving levetiracetam and lamotrigine aligns with the recent SANAD II results. It suggests lamotrigine may be underutilized in our region and that education efforts are needed to ensure it is considered the first choice more often. ER  - 
The tertiary service for psychosis: Holistic recommendations for people with complex psychosis$$$ Objective: To describe (i) the clinical characteristics of individuals referred to the Tertiary Referral Service for Psychosis (TRSP) and (ii) the recommendations TRSP made for future treatment across psychopharmacological and other intervention domains. Method: Retrospective audit of clinical data collected during the assessment process of individuals who accessed TRSP between 02/06/2020 and 31/12/2022. Categories of recommendations made following collaborative care planning comprised psychopharmacological, neuropsychological, psychological, psychosocial, physical health, substance misuse and other domains. Results: Eighty-two individuals were included, with diagnoses most commonly of schizophrenia (54.9%) and schizoaffective disorder (30.5%). The median PANSS score was 88.0 (73–100). Social occupational functioning was very poor (SOFAS M = 37.0, SD = 15.1). Cognitive functioning was poor (RBANS: M = 74.6; SD: 15.0). 67.1% had physical health comorbidities, with high prevalence of smoking (52.4%) and substance misuse (25.6%). Psychopharmacological recommendations (made for 81.7%) included clozapine trial (25.6%), clozapine dose change/augmentation (22.0%) and rationalisation of polypharmacy (12.2%). Neuropsychological (73.2%), psychological (39.0%) and psychosocial (85.4%) recommendations included access to cognitive remediation, psychological therapy and disability support. Physical health and substance misuse interventions were recommended for 91.5% and 20.7%, respectively. Conclusions: Individuals referred to the TRSP had marked clinical and functional impairments. Holistic collaborative care planning complemented psychopharmacological interventions with psychological, psychosocial and physical healthcare recommendations. ER  - 
Trends in the neurological emergency room, focusing on persons with seizures$$$ Background and purpose: Previous studies in neurological emergency rooms (nERs) have reported many non-acute, self-presenting patients, patients with delayed presentation of stroke, and frequent visits of persons with seizures (PWS). The aim of this study was to evaluate trends during the last decade, with special focus on PWS. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed patients who presented to our specialized nER during the course of 5 months in 2017 and 2019, and included information on admission/referral, hospitalization, discharge diagnosis, and diagnostic tests/treatment in the nER. Results: A total of 2791 patients (46.6% male, mean age 57 ± 21 years) were included. The most common diagnoses were cerebrovascular events (26.3%), headache (14.1%), and seizures (10.5%). Most patients presented with symptoms lasting >48 h (41.3%). The PWS group included the largest proportion of patients presenting within 4.5 h of symptom onset (171/293, 58.4%), whereas only 37.1% of stroke patients presented within this time frame (273/735). Self-presentation was the most common admission pathway (31.1%), followed by emergency service referral (30.4%, including the majority of PWS: 197/293, 67.2%). Despite known diagnosis of epilepsy in 49.2%, PWS more often underwent accessory diagnostic testing including cerebral imaging, compared to the overall cohort (accessory diagnostics 93.9% vs. 85.4%; cerebral imaging 70.1% vs. 64.1%). Electroencephalography in the nER was only performed in 20/111 patients (18.0%) with a first seizure. Nearly half of the patients (46.7%) were discharged home after nER work-up, including most self-presenters (632/869, 72.7%) and headache patients (377/393, 88.3%), as well as 37.2% (109/293) of PWS. Conclusion: After 10 years, nER overuse remains a problem. Stroke patients still do not present early enough, whereas PWS, even those with known epilepsy, often seek acute and extensive assessment, indicating gaps in pre-hospital management and possible over-assessment. ER  - 
Cognitive phenotype of juvenile absence epilepsy: An investigation of patients and unaffected siblings$$$ Objective: The cognitive profile of juvenile absence epilepsy (JAE) remains largely uncharacterized. This study aimed to: (1) elucidate the neuropsychological profile of JAE; (2) identify familial cognitive traits by investigating unaffected JAE siblings; (3) establish the clinical meaningfulness of JAE-associated cognitive traits; (4) determine whether cognitive traits across the idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE) spectrum are shared or syndrome-specific, by comparing JAE to juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME); and (5) identify relationships between cognitive abilities and clinical characteristics. Methods: We investigated 123 participants—23 patients with JAE, 16 unaffected siblings of JAE patients, 45 healthy controls, and 39 patients with JME—who underwent a comprehensive neuropsychological test battery including measures within four cognitive domains: attention/psychomotor speed, language, memory, and executive function. We correlated clinical measures with cognitive performance data to decode effects of age at onset and duration of epilepsy. Results: Cognitive performance in individuals with JAE was reduced compared to controls across attention/psychomotor speed, language, and executive function domains; those with ongoing seizures additionally showed lower memory scores. Patients with JAE and their unaffected siblings had similar language impairment compared to controls. Individuals with JME had worse response inhibition than those with JAE. Across all patients, those with older age at onset had better attention/psychomotor speed performance. Significance: JAE is associated with wide-ranging cognitive difficulties that encompass domains reliant on frontal lobe processing, including language, attention, and executive function. JAE siblings share impairment with patients on linguistic measures, indicative of a familial trait. Executive function subdomains may be differentially affected across the IGE spectrum. Cognitive abilities are detrimentally modulated by an early age at seizure onset. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric comorbidities and cognition in epilepsy with eyelid myoclonia: A retrospective pediatric case series$$$ Objective: Epilepsy with eyelid myoclonia (EEM) is a rare epileptic syndrome classified within the Genetic Generalized Epilepsies of childhood. It is characterized by a high drug resistance, and little is known about prognostic factors and neurodevelopmental comorbidities. The aim of this study was to describe the clinical features, cognitive profile, and prognostic factors in a series of children with EEM. Methods: This is a retrospective observational study of patients diagnosed with EEM from 2012 to 2022 in a tertiary pediatric hospital. Results: Seventeen patients were analyzed (mean age at symptom onset 5.8 years). Neuropsychiatric comorbidities were present in 76.4% (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder 58.8%, behavioral disorder 11.8%, autism spectrum disorder 11.8%, and psychotic outbreaks 11.8%). Neurocognitive assessment was performed in 75%, revealing cognitive impairment in 66.6% (62.5% with borderline intellectual function and 37.5% with -IQ <70-), with predominant difficulties in executive functions, comprehensive language, and motor skills. Cognitive deterioration was observed in one patient in parallel onset with psychotic symptoms. High refractoriness to antiseizure medication (ASM) was observed, with only 23.5% of the patients being seizure-free after a mean follow-up of 7 years. The most effective ASM was valproic acid, and two of them received ketogenic diet with good response. Regarding prognostic factors, psychotic symptoms were associated with a greater number of antiseizure medication (p <.05) implying a more drug-resistant epilepsy. Significance: In our study, we found a high rate of cognitive and psychiatric comorbidities and high refractoriness. These data support the concept of EEM as an intermediate entity between idiopathic generalized epilepsy and epileptic and/or neurodevelopmental encephalopathy. Making a proper diagnosis and management of these comorbidities is necessary to improve prognosis and quality of life in EEM. ER  - 
Challenges in the Management of Children and Adolescents With Epilepsy in China During the COVID-19 Pandemic: An Online Survey-Based Study$$$ Introduction: To investigate the challenges in the management of children and adolescents with epilepsy in China during the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional survey among 845 patients with epilepsy using an online-based questionnaire. The questionnaire focused on sociodemographic characteristics, epilepsy-related conditions, health care access, COVID-19 vaccination, and the mental health of caregivers. Depression was assessed using Patient Health Questionnaire-9. Results: During the pandemic, 24.73% of the patients had increased seizures. The majority of patients (68.89%) experienced difficulty obtaining antiseizure medications. In addition, 94.79% of the patients had difficulty consulting a doctor. A total of 52.78% of the patients selected telemedicine services, and most found these services to be helpful. Moreover, 76.11% of the patients failed to complete the COVID-19 vaccination. More than half of the caregivers had anxiety and depressive symptoms. The risk factors for depression comprised irregularity in taking antiseizure medications, difficulty in obtaining antiseizure medications, and failure to consult a doctor on time. Conclusions: The COVID-19 pandemic presented a great challenge in the management of children and adolescents with epilepsy in China. The findings highlight the importance of improving health care systems and medication management and the mental health of their caregivers. ER  - 
Methodology of a Natural History Study of a Rare Neurodevelopmental Disorder: Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood as a Prototype Disease$$$ Here, we describe the process of development of the methodology for an international multicenter natural history study of alternating hemiplegia of childhood as a prototype disease for rare neurodevelopmental disorders. We describe a systematic multistep approach in which we first identified the relevant questions about alternating hemiplegia of childhood natural history and expected challenges. Then, based on our experience with alternating hemiplegia of childhood and on pragmatic literature searches, we identified solutions to determine appropriate methods to address these questions. Specifically, these solutions included development and standardization of alternating hemiplegia of childhood–specific spell video-library, spell calendars, adoption of tailored methodologies for prospective measurement of nonparoxysmal and paroxysmal manifestations, unified data collection protocols, centralized data platform, adoption of specialized analysis methods including, among others, Cohen kappa, interclass correlation coefficient, linear mixed effects models, principal component, propensity score, and ambidirectional analyses. Similar approaches can, potentially, benefit in the study of other rare pediatric neurodevelopmental disorders. ER  - 
Socioecologic Factors Associated With Obesity in Adolescents With Epilepsy in the United States$$$ Background: Obesity among youth with epilepsy has multifactorial etiology, yet socioecologic obesity risk factors (eg, neighborhood factors) have not been examined in this population. This study examined (1) the prevalence of obesity adjusting for relevant covariates and (2) socioecologic correlates of obesity in adolescents with epilepsy aged 10-17 years. Methods: This cross-sectional study used 2017-2018 National Survey of Children's Health data (total n = 27,094; epilepsy n = 184). Chi-square tests compared weighted prevalence of obesity with relevant covariates among all adolescents and adolescents with epilepsy. Weighted multiple logistic regression models were conducted to adjust for covariates. Results: The prevalence of obesity in adolescents with epilepsy was 27.8% (95% confidence interval [CI] 15.4%-40.3%) vs 15.1% (95% CI 14.1%-16.2%) for the non-epilepsy group. Adolescents with epilepsy also had higher odds of obesity after adjusting for age, gender, race/ethnicity, household income, physical activity, and medical home (odds ratio [OR] 2.1, 95% CI 1.2-3.8). Adjusting for sociodemographics, anxiety (OR 4.5, 95% CI 1.3-15.6), 2 or more adverse childhood experiences (OR 7.3, 95% CI 1.6-33.4), neighborhood detracting elements (eg, OR 5.2, 95% CI 1.5-18.5 for 1 detracting element), and forgone care (ie, unmet health care needs) (OR 22.4, 95% CI 3.8-132.8) were associated with obesity in adolescents with epilepsy. Adjusting for multiple comparisons, neighborhood detracting elements (P <.0001) and forgone care (P <.0007) remained significant. Conclusion: Variables related to mental health, family functioning, built environment, and forgone care were associated with obesity in adolescents with epilepsy, but the association was not fully explained by these factors. Obesity interventions for this population should consider multiple levels of influence including the community and special health care needs of this population. ER  - 
Characteristics of Epilepsy in Children with Cerebral Palsy: A Single Tertiary Center Study$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to describe the characteristics of epilepsy in cerebral palsy (CP) patients and identify risk factors for epilepsy and drug-resistant epilepsy. Methods: CP patients aged 18 years old or younger who visited the pediatric neurology department and/or rehabilitation department of a tertiary care hospital between January 2016 and December 2022 with a minimum follow-up period of 2 years were included. Demographic and clinical data, seizure characteristics, brain imaging, electroencephalography, and genetic evaluation results were reviewed retrospectively. Results: Among 268 patients included in this study, 36.9% had epilepsy and 10.8% had drug-resistant epilepsy. Asphyxia (29.3%), hemorrhage, infarction, and brain infection (25.3%) were associated with epilepsy. Epileptic CP patients were more likely to experience neonatal seizures (18.2% vs. 4.1%, P<0.001) and febrile seizures (12.1% vs. 7.1%, P=0.02) than non-epilepsy CP patients. The most common cerebral subtype in patients with epilepsy was spastic quadriplegia (59.6%). Epilepsy patients were more severely impaired in gross motor function, with worse intellectual disability. Patients with macrocephaly or cerebral malformation were more likely to have drug resistance. Valproate (51.7% and 25.7%) and levetiracetam (41.4% and 25.7%) were the two most commonly used antiseizure medications, both in monotherapy and polytherapy. Conclusion: A history of asphyxia, febrile seizure, neonatal seizure, spastic quadriplegia, more severely impaired gross motor function, and intellectual disability were found to be risk factors for epilepsy. Further research with prospective data collection to develop a model for predicting seizures or epilepsy in CP patients is needed. ER  - 
Association of comorbid-socioeconomic clusters with mortality in late onset epilepsy derived through unsupervised machine learning$$$ Background and objectives: Late-onset epilepsy is a heterogenous entity associated with specific aetiologies and an elevated risk of premature mortality. Specific multimorbid-socioeconomic profiles and their unique prognostic trajectories have not been described. We sought to determine if specific clusters of late onset epilepsy exist, and whether they have unique hazards of premature mortality. Methods: We performed a retrospective observational cohort study linking primary and hospital-based UK electronic health records with vital statistics data (covering years 1998–2019) to identify all cases of incident late onset epilepsy (from people aged ≥65) and 1:10 age, sex, and GP practice-matched controls. We applied hierarchical agglomerative clustering using common aetiologies identified at baseline to define multimorbid-socioeconomic profiles, compare hazards of early mortality, and tabulating causes of death stratified by cluster. Results: From 1,032,129 people aged ≥65, we identified 1048 cases of late onset epilepsy who were matched to 10,259 controls. Median age at epilepsy diagnosis was 68 (interquartile range: 66–72) and 474 (45%) were female. The hazard of premature mortality related to late-onset epilepsy was higher than matched controls (hazard ratio [HR] 1.73; 95% confidence interval [95%CI] 1.51–1.99). Ten unique phenotypic clusters were identified, defined by ‘healthy’ males and females, ischaemic stroke, intracerebral haemorrhage (ICH), ICH and alcohol misuse, dementia and anxiety, anxiety, depression in males and females, and brain tumours. Cluster-specific hazards were often similar to that derived for late-onset epilepsy as a whole. Clusters that differed significantly from the base late-onset epilepsy hazard were ‘dementia and anxiety’ (HR 5.36; 95%CI 3.31–8.68), ‘brain tumour’ (HR 4.97; 95%CI 2.89–8.56), ‘ICH and alcohol misuse’ (HR 2.91; 95%CI 1.76–4.81), and ‘ischaemic stroke’ (HR 2.83; 95%CI 1.83–4.04). These cluster-specific risks were also elevated compared to those derived for tumours, dementia, ischaemic stroke, and ICH in the whole population. Seizure-related cause of death was uncommon and restricted to the ICH, ICH and alcohol misuse, and healthy female clusters. Significance: Late-onset epilepsy is an amalgam of unique phenotypic clusters that can be quantitatively defined. Late-onset epilepsy and cluster-specific comorbid profiles have complex effects on premature mortality above and beyond the base rates attributed to epilepsy and cluster-defining comorbidities alone. ER  - 
Relationship of Medication Intake and Systemic Conditions with Periodontitis: A Retrospective Study$$$ Objectives: To examine the potential relationship of medication intake and systemic conditions with periodontitis. Methods and Materials: A total of 1985 patient records with a diagnosis of periodontal health and stage III and IV periodontitis were included in the analysis. Demographic characteristics, the number of missing teeth, patient-reported medical conditions and medication intake as well as smoking habits were recorded. Regression models were performed to explore the outcomes. Results: Older individuals, Hispanic ethnic groups, Black and Hispanic or Latino racial groups and non-White individuals in general were significantly more frequently diagnosed with periodontitis than health. Hypertension, glaucoma, anxiety and depression were significantly associated with periodontitis, while cancer, alcohol use, kidney problems, asthma, sleep apnea and gastrointestinal disorders were associated with periodontal health. Patients who reported taking anticoagulants, statins and ACE inhibitors demonstrated 3.546 (95% CI: 1.982, 6.343), 2.771 (95% CI: 1.877, 4.09) and 4.847 (95% CI: 2.785, 8.434) times higher odds of having periodontitis, respectively. Conclusion: Within the limitations of this retrospective study that utilized the BigMouth dental data repository, there is a possible relationship between systemic medications including anticoagulants, ACE inhibitors and statins as well as systemic medical conditions including hypertension, glaucoma, anxiety and depression with periodontitis. ER  - 
Ratings of the Effectiveness of 13 Therapeutic Diets for Autism Spectrum Disorder: Results of a National Survey$$$ This study presents the results of the effectiveness of 13 therapeutic diets for autism spectrum disorder from 818 participants of a national survey, including benefits, adverse effects, and symptom improvements. The average Overall Benefit of diets was 2.36 (0 = no benefit, 4 = great benefit), which was substantially higher than for nutraceuticals (1.59/4.0) and psychiatric/seizure medications (1.39/4.0), p < 0.001. The average Overall Adverse Effects of diets was significantly lower than psychiatric/seizure medications (0.10 vs. 0.93, p < 0.001) and similar to nutraceuticals (0.16). Autism severity decreased slightly over time in participants who used diet vs. increasing slightly in those that did not (p < 0.001). Healthy and Feingold diets were the two top-rated diets by Overall Benefit; the ketogenic diet was the highest for nine symptoms (though had fewer respondents); and the gluten-free/casein-free diet was among the top for overall symptom improvements. Different diets were reported to affect different symptoms, suggesting that an individual’s symptoms could be used to guide which diet(s) may be the most effective. The results suggest that therapeutic diets can be safe and effective interventions for improving some ASD-related symptoms with few adverse effects. We recommend therapeutic diets that include healthy foods and exclude problematic foods. Therapeutic diets are inexpensive treatments that we recommend for consideration by most people with ASD. ER  - 
Antipsychotic Use: Cross-Sectional Opinion Survey of Psychiatrists in India and United Kingdom$$$ The aim of this survey of psychiatrists from the UK and India was to compare their opinions on antipsychotic medication choice and their experiences of such medications’ effectiveness and tolerability in patients who were newly diagnosed with acute schizophrenia. Following ethical approval, a cross-sectional online survey of psychiatrists from the UK and India was conducted. Ninety-five responses were received from each country. The most selected first-line APDs in both countries were olanzapine (47.5%), risperidone (42.8%) and aripiprazole (25.3%). A total of 60% of psychiatrists from India (60%) and 48% from the UK (48%) selected ‘medication efficacy’ as the main factor in their choice. Reassessment and consideration to switch most often took place within 4–6 weeks (53.7%) and 3–6 months (11.6%). The major reasons for switching antipsychotic medications were poor clinical efficacy (69%) and lack of tolerability (45%). Nonadherence was the most common reason for relapse (90% of UK psychiatrists and 70% of Indian psychiatrists), followed by illicit drug use (27.6%). The most commonly reported side effects that led to nonadherence were weight gain (10.8%), drowsiness (10.4%), erectile dysfunction and movement disorders (equally 8.7%). It was concluded that olanzapine, risperidone and aripiprazole are the most commonly selected as the initial treatment choice by psychiatrists from India and the UK. They are perceived as widely effective and well tolerated. ER  - 
Road Traffic Injury Trends in Lucknow Region: A Retrospective Observational Study$$$ Introduction: Over the last few decades, road accidents have become one of the biggest problems worldwide. Despite improved road infrastructure and potential measures to address the problem, developing countries are experiencing an alarming increase in morbidity and mortality from accidents for pedestrians, drivers, and passengers. Most of the cars involved in accidents involved pedestrians and passengers. Pillion riders are the most common. To find ways to prevent these traffic accidents, this study aims to identify many types and patterns in pedestrian, driver, and passenger accidents. Aim: To understand the pattern of Injuries in Road Traffic Accidents and to prevent associated morbidity and mortality. Method: 1085 instances in all were utilized for the investigation, and information was gathered from the Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences Emergency Department, records, and police records for the six months from October 2022 to March 2023. Result: Male Pillion Riders of the group of 15-35 years without wearing Safety precautions and having been drunk were most common among the affected. Conclusion: Education, adherence to traffic regulations, road improvement, and instruction on safety precautions like wearing helmets or seat belts while traveling can minimize the risk associated with RTA. ER  - 
Temporal Lobe Surgery for Epilepsy in a Resource-Limited Vietnamese Cohort$$$ Background: Epilepsy surgery is traditionally difficult to pursue in resource-limited countries but is nevertheless essential in the treatment of medication-refractory, surgically amenable epilepsy. Methods: With the help of international collaboration, a successful epilepsy program was started in Vietnam. This article comprises a retrospective chart review, combined with prospective longitudinal follow-up of 35 cases of unilateral drug-resistant epilepsy in the temporal lobe who underwent temporal lobectomy, in Viet Duc University Hospital from May 2018 to September 2022. Results: The female/male ratio was 0.6:1, and focal seizures with impaired awareness accounted for 97.14% of patients. Of patients with focal awareness seizures, 51.41% were localized and detected by electroencephalography. Postoperatively, 80% of patients were seizure free (Engel I) at 1 year, and the remaining 20% had worthwhile seizure improvement (Engel II). Postoperative temporal lobe pathology was categorized as follows: mesial temporal sclerosis (48.57%), focal cortical dysplasia (25.71%), and low-grade neoplasms (25.71%). Of patients, 17.14% had postoperative complications (5 infections and 1 transient extremity paresis), and there were no deaths. Conclusions: Even in low-resource environments, effective and safe surgical care can be provided for drug-resistant epilepsy caused by temporal lobe disease. This study serves as a model of international collaboration and support for future hospitals in low-resource environments to replicate. ER  - 
Resilience predicts and modulates anxiety severity in people with epilepsy$$$ Background: Anxiety is one of the most relevant psychiatric comorbidities in people with epilepsy (PwE). The role of resilience (RES) in the development of anxiety is not well understood. We purposed to better characterize RES impact on anxiety severity in PwE. Materials and methods: One hundred and seventy-six PwE underwent online surveys including a collection of socio-demographic, seizure-related, and psychological variables. PwE were grouped according to the data collected; anxiety levels were compared through non-parametric statistics. Hierarchical regression analysis (HRA) and logistic regression were performed to characterize RES contribute in predicting the presence and the severity of anxiety. Mediation/moderation analysis was performed to evaluate causal effects among RES, depression, and anxiety. Results: Anxiety did not differ according to socio-demographic and seizure-related variables, exemption for the presence of drug-related adverse effects. Depression, RES, and sleep quality provided the major contribute on anxiety variance. The addiction of RES level in HRA and logistic regression provided a significant increase of R-squared value (p-value = 0.02) and of area under the curve (p-value = 0.03), respectively. RES modulated depression/anxiety relationship (p-value < 0.001), whereas depression did not mediate RES/anxiety correlation (p-value = 0.68). Conclusions: We demonstrated that RES is a significant independent predictor of anxiety in PwE and is able to modulate depression impact on anxiety. Moreover, we confirmed the relevance of depression and sleep quality on anxiety severity. ER  - 
Exploring behavioral systems of the reinforcement sensitivity theory in people with epilepsy: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: Although epilepsy has previously been associated with behavioral changes, no previous study has utilized the behavioral models of the reinforcement sensitivity theory (RST) to investigate the impact of epilepsy on behavior. Therefore, the objective of this cross-sectional study is to examine the potential relationship between epilepsy and the neurobehavioral systems of the RST. Methods: Using the Reinforcement Sensitivity Theory–Personality Questionnaire (RST-PQ), this cross-sectional study assessed the behavioral systems of the RST in a sample of 27 epilepsy patients and 27 age- and gender-matched healthy individuals. The RST-PQ was designed to assess the different behavioral systems of the RST. The behavioral approach system (BAS) is responsible of the approach behavior, in high values related to risk seeking and addictive behavior and in low values well related to depression. The behavioral inhibition system (BIS) is well related to anxiety in high levels, and the fight flight freeze system (FFFS) is responsible for the avoidance behavior. Results: After adjusting for age, no significant differences were found in demographic information (gender and marital status) between the general population and epilepsy patients. Gender distribution was similar, with 55.6% females in both groups. Marital status also showed no significant difference, with 74% single in the control group and 63% in the epilepsy group. Significant differences were observed in the behavioral systems of the RST. The epilepsy group had higher scores compared with the control group in several areas. BAS reward activity had a median score of 23 in the epilepsy group and 21 in the control group (p = 0.001). BAS goal drive persistence (p = 0.04), BAS impulsivity (p = 0.014), FFFS (p = 0.002), and BIS (median score of 77 in the epilepsy group and 66 in the control group) also showed significant differences, with p = 0.001. These significant differences remained consistent before and after matching the control group, indicating their robustness. The only exception was BAS reward activity, which did not show a significant difference after matching, with p = 0.106 and p = 0.051 before and after matching, respectively. Conclusions: The study suggests a potential positive association between epilepsy and the BIS, potentially mediated by the hippocampus. The relationship between epilepsy and the BAS, as well as the FFFS, may also be influenced by the BIS. These findings have clinical implications, but further research is needed to confirm these relationships. ER  - 
Ictal crying in epileptic seizures and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: What are the hints to differentiate them?$$$ Objectives: Ictal crying (IC) is a quite rare semiological manifestation of epileptic seizures (ESs) and it has been mostly reported in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs). However, labeling IC as a pathognomonic sign of PNES can be harmful. We first aimed to investigate IC frequency in ES and PNES and highlight the differences of IC between ES and PNES. Secondly, we aimed to analyze etiology, detailed semiology, treatment options, and outcome of patients with IC in ES in more detail. Methods: We retrospectively screened all video-EEG monitoring unit reports from Hacettepe University Hospitals’ Epilepsy Center over a 20-year period (1996–2017) for the diagnosis of IC. We included the patients with IC who had at least one documented seizure. Patients who had IC with both facial expression and vocalization compatible with crying with or without weeping and subjective feeling of sadness, were included in the study. We classified patients with IC as ES and PNES. Demographic, historical, clinical, neuroimaging, electrophysiological parameters, video-EEG data, treatment options, and prognosis of all patients were recorded. Demographic, clinical, and video-EEG data were compared between ES and PNES. Results: During the study period, 1983 patients were investigated. Six patients (all female) with ES and 37 patients (33 female) with PNES were identified. When we compared patients with PNES and ES with IC, the number of ASMs taken and duration of disease were significantly higher in patients with ES than PNES. Longer duration of seizure, longer duration of crying component, late onset of crying component in seizure, early responsiveness after seizure, not occurring during sleep, accompanied by eye closure and weeping, were found significantly higher in patients with PNES. Besides, if we analyze ES group in more detail, all had medical treatment refractory focal epilepsy and two of them whose IC was seen as an early semiological manifestation of their seizures had good outcome after nondominant anterior temporal lobectomy (ATL)+amygdalohippocampectomy (AH). However, three patients had various cortical lesions apart from temporal lobe on MRI and one patient had focal epilepsy with frontal lobe semiology with negative MRI. Conclusion: Although the most common etiology for IC is PNES and it is rarely seen in ES, it can be harmful to label ictal crying as a pathognomonic sign for PNES. We proposed that there are some semiological differences in terms of IC between PNES and ES. These differences may help to distinguish IC in PNES and ES in daily practice. Moreover, it can be speculated that nondominant temporal lobe involvement may be associated with IC in ES. ER  - 
A prospective 5-year longitudinal study detects neurocognitive and imaging correlates of seizure remission in self-limiting Rolandic epilepsy$$$ Objective: Self-limiting Rolandic epilepsy (RE) is the most common epilepsy in school-age children. Seizures are generally infrequent, but cognitive, language, and motor coordination problems can significantly impact the child's life. To better understand brain structure and function changes in RE, we longitudinally assessed neurocognition, cortical thickness, and subcortical volumes. Methods: At baseline, we recruited 30 participants diagnosed with RE and 24-healthy controls and followed up for 4.94 ± 0.8 years when the participants with RE were in seizure remission. Measures included were as follows: T1-weighted magnetic resonance brain imaging (MRI) with FreeSurfer analysis and detailed neuropsychological assessments. MRI and neuropsychological data were compared between baseline and follow-up in seizure remission. Results: Longitudinal MRI revealed excess cortical thinning in the left-orbitofrontal (p = 0.0001) and pre-central gyrus (p = 0.044). There is a significant association (p = 0.003) between a reduction in cortical thickness in the left-orbitofrontal cluster and improved processing of filtered words. Longitudinal neuropsychology revealed significant improvements in the symptoms of developmental coordination disorder (DCD, p = 0.005) in seizure remission. Conclusions: There is evidence for altered development of neocortical regions between active seizure state and seizure remission in RE within two clusters maximal in the left-orbitofrontal and pre-central gyrus. There is significant evidence for improvement in motor coordination between active seizures and seizure remission and suggestive evidence for a decline in fluid intelligence and gains in auditory processing. ER  - 
A Comprehensive Assessment of Long-Term Complications in Patients with Stevens-Johnson Syndrome and Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis$$$ Introduction: Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS), toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), and SJS/TEN overlap syndrome are rare severe hypersensitivity reactions that lead to epithelial sloughing. Studies investigating the chronic multisystem effects of these syndromes and assessing patients in terms of quality of life (QOL), depression, and anxiety in the pediatric population are limited. In this study, we aimed to investigate the long-term effects of these diseases from a multisystem perspective. Method: Sixteen pediatric patients diagnosed with SJS, TEN, and SJS/TEN overlap syndrome were evaluated between September 2020 and March 2021. Physical and eye examinations were performed. To evaluate QOL and psychological status, Children's Dermatology Life Quality Index (CDLQI), Screen for Child Anxiety-Related Emotional Disorders (SCARED), and Children's Depression Inventory (CDI) were conducted. The patients' general characteristics, symptoms, and examination findings at their first admission were retrospectively obtained from the hospital's electronic records. Results: Nineteen percent of the patients were female (n = 3). There were 7 patients (44%) with the diagnosis of SJS, 5 patients (31%) with TEN, and 4 patients (25%) with SJS/TEN overlap. The median follow-up time of the subjects was 6.5 years. The most common sequelae in the chronic period were skin changes (n = 13, 81%). Hyperpigmentation was the most common skin change (n = 9, 56%). In the last evaluation, 9 cases had eye involvement. In two cases, eye examination was normal in the acute phase, while ocular involvement was present in the chronic period. In 4 (50%) patients, there was height and/or weight percentile loss. Three patients' SCARED scores and 2 patients' CDI scores were high. According to the CDLQI survey, SJS, TEN, or SJS/TEN overlap syndrome had a small to moderate effect on the QOL in the 43% (n = 6) of the patients. The ANA values of 3 patients (60%) were positive at the follow-up and negative at the first admission. Conclusion: SJS, TEN, and SJS/TEN overlap syndrome may cause sequelae even after a long time of the onset of the disease. Patients' QOL and psychological status can be affected negatively. Ocular symptoms may develop in the follow-up, even without involvement in the acute period. Patients with SJS, TEN, and SJS/TEN overlap syndrome should be followed up in the chronic period and approached multidisciplinary. ER  - 
Exploring the impact of chronic medical conditions on maternal mental health: A National Inpatient Sample analysis$$$ Background: Pregnancy and postpartum period are associated with stress and pain. Chronic medical conditions can aggravate depressive and psychotic mental illnesses in the peripartum period. Aim: The study aimed to investigate the association between different chronic medical conditions and mental illnesses during pregnancy and the postpartum period using the National Inpatient Sample (NIS). Methods: Pregnant women or women in the postpartum period were retrieved from the NIS 2016–2019 database using the International Classification of Diseases (ICD)-10 and set as our targeted population. Postpartum depression, puerperal psychosis, and mental illnesses related to pregnancy were also retrieved as our outcomes of interest. STATA 15 was used to analyze the data and investigate the relationship between chronic medical conditions and pregnancy-related mental illnesses. Results: 2,854,149 admissions were retrieved from the database with a mean age of 29 ± 6 years old. Univariate and multivariate analyses showed a significant association between chronic medical conditions and postpartum depression, puerperal psychosis, and other mental illnesses. On univariate analysis, heart failure (odds ratio [OR] = 13.9; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 3.5–55.88; P < 0.001), alcohol misuse (OR = 5.3; 95% CI = 1.7–16.4; P = 0.004), and migraine (OR = 3.9; 95% CI = 2.8–5.3; P < 0.001) showed high association with postpartum depression. Epilepsy (OR = 54.37; 95% CI = 7.4–399.34; P < 0.001), systemic lupus erythematosus (OR = 24.66; 95% CI = 3.36–181.1; P = 0.002), and heart diseases (OR = 15.26; 95% CI = 3.6–64.5; P < 0.001) showed the highest association with puerperium psychosis. Alcohol misuse (OR = 8.21; 95% CI = 7.4–9.12; P < 0.001), osteoarthritis (OR = 6.02; 95% CI = 5.41–6.70; P < 0.001), and migraine (OR = 5.71; 95% CI = 5.56–5.86; P < 0.001) showed the highest association with other mental illnesses during pregnancy and the postpartum period. Conclusion: Heart diseases, alcohol misuse, migraine, systemic lupus erythematosus, and epilepsy were the most important chronic medical conditions associated with mental diseases during pregnancy and the postpartum period. This investigation recommends integrating management of chronic diseases and mental health care together. Specifically, screening for mental illnesses should be a routine part of care for patients with chronic medical conditions, especially during pregnancy and early postpartum. By identifying and addressing mental health issues early on, healthcare providers can improve the overall health and well-being of these patients, ultimately leading to better maternal and fetal outcomes. ER  - 
How valid are proxy assessment of mental health and sleep comorbidities of patients with epilepsy using standardized questionnaires?$$$ Background: The study aimed to determine the level of agreement between patients with epilepsy and their proxies when assessing psychiatric comorbidities, sleep disorders, and medication adherence using standardized questionnaires. Methods: This agreement study is an ancillary analysis of the PRERIES study, a matched case-control study exploring SUDEP risk factors. Controls aged 15 years and older, with active epilepsy or in remission for less than 5 years were recruited between 01/01/2011 and 03/31/2019. An interview was carried out by a trained psychologist on both the patient and a proxy-respondent. During these independent interviews, the following comorbidities were explored: psychiatric comorbidities using the MINI, the STAI- Y2 and NDDI-E scales, sleep disorders with the SDQ-SA and Epworth scales and medication adherence. Level of agreement between patient and their proxy was estimated using Gwet's AC1&2. Results: Among the 107 patient–proxy dyads recruited, proxy respondents were mainly family members (65.4%) or spouses (30.8%). Exploration of present major depression showed excellent agreement at 0.81 [0.65;0.97], as well as exploration of dysthymia at 0.96 [0.61;1]. Suicidal risk evaluation had a lesser agreement at 0.77 [0.60;0.94]. Agreement on anxiety was moderate 0.5 [0.38;0.62]. For sleep disorder, SDQ-SA presented a better agreement than the Epworth questionnaire with respectively 0.73 [0.51;0.95] and 0.45 [0.26;0.63]. For medication adherence, the overall agreement rate was excellent (0.90 [0.78;1]). Conclusion: Exploration of potential risk factors through families can give valuable and relatively robust information, especially if the respondent lives with the patient, and should be retrieved, when possible, in usual clinical setting. ER  - 
Hypophosphatemia as a possible biomarker for epileptic seizures at the emergency department$$$ Introduction: Hypophosphatemia seems to be temporally associated with seizures, despite not being considered a trigger. We aimed to evaluate hypophosphatemia as a biomarker for seizures. Methods: Retrospective study, including all consecutive patients admitted at our central hospital's emergency department from 01/01–31/03/2021, screened as “altered consciousness/syncope” or “seizures”, with available phosphate levels. Results: 277 patients included, mostly male (61.7%), mean age 64.3 years. Final diagnosis was “seizure” in 34.7% and “other diagnosis” in 65.3%. Patients with seizures were younger (p<0.001), had more frequent epilepsy (p<0.001) and alcoholism (p=0.01). Patients with other diagnosis had more often renal failure (p<0.001) and statin (p=0.02) or diuretic (p=0.003) therapy. Time to blood collection (from the event and from admission) was similar between groups. Patients with seizures had lower mean phosphate levels and more frequent hypophosphatemia (<2.4mg/dL) (p<0.001). Mean CK levels were similar in both groups (p=0.25). HyperCK (>200U/L) was more frequent in the seizure group (p=0.04). Odds ratio (OR) of hypophosphatemia for seizures was 4.330 (CI 95% 2.170–8.640, p<0.001), persisting after correction for confounders. OR of hyperCK was 1.890 (CI 95% 1.060–3.371, p=0.03), losing significance when adjusted. Sensitivity was low for both. Hypophosphatemia was more specific (91.2% vs 79.9%). Conclusions: Our findings support hypophosphatemia as a seizure biomarker. More studies are needed. ER  - 
National audit of pathways in epileptic seizure referrals (NAPIER): A national, multicentre audit of first seizure clinics throughout the UK and Ireland$$$ Background: Current guidelines set clinical standards for the management of suspected first seizures and epilepsy. We aimed to assess if these standards are being met across first seizure clinics nationally, to describe variations in care and identify opportunities for service delivery improvement. Methods: Multicentre audit assessing the care of adults (≥16 years) referred to first seizure clinics from 31st December 2019 going backwards (30 consecutive patients per centre). Patients with pre-existing diagnosis of epilepsy were excluded. Anonymised referral, clinic, and follow-up data are reported with descriptive statistics. Results: Data provided for 727 patients from 25 hospitals in the UK and Ireland (median age 41 years [IQR 26–59], 52% males). Median time to review was 48 days (IQR 26–86), with 13.8% (IQR 3.3%–24.0%) of patients assessed within 2 weeks. Seizure recurrence was seen in 12.7% (IQR 6.6%–17.4%) of patients awaiting first appointment. Documentation for witness accounts and driving advice was evident in 85.0% (IQR 74.0%–100%) and 79.7% (IQR 71.2%–96.4%) of first seizure/epilepsy patients, respectively. At first appointment, discussion of sudden unexpected death in epilepsy was documented in 30.1% (IQR 0%–42.5%) of patients diagnosed with epilepsy. In epilepsy patients, median time to MRI neuroimaging was 37 days [IQR 22–56] and EEG was 30 days [IQR 19–47]. 30.4% ([IQR 0%–59.5%]) of epilepsy patients were referred to epilepsy nurse specialists. Conclusions: There is variability nationally in the documented care of patients referred to first seizure clinics. Many patients are facing delays to assessment with epilepsy specialists with likely subsequent impact on further management. ER  - 
Prevalence and predictors of depressive symptoms among caregivers of patients with epilepsy in Hong Kong$$$ Study aim: To estimate the prevalence of high caregiving burden and depressive symptoms among caregivers (CG) of patients with epilepsy (PWEs) in Hong Kong and identify risk and protective factors for both outcomes after the Model of Stress and Carer Burden (MSCB). Methods: This cross-sectional study recruited participants from local epilepsy clinics to complete a 15-minute survey on a tablet. Caregiving burden (CB) was assessed using the 4-item Zarit Caregiver Burden Interview. Depressive symptoms were assessed using the 2-item Patient Health Questionnaire. Family functioning was assessed using the Short-Form Family Assessment Device General Functioning Subscale. Sociodemographic data of the caregivers and clinical data of the PWE they cared for were described. Hierarchical logistic regression models were used to analyze the factors associated with the outcomes. Results: A hundred and fifty-one CGs of PWEs were recruited for this study. The prevalence of high caregiving burden (ZBI-4 > 7) for CGs of PWEs was 58.9% (n = 89), whereas the prevalence of high depressive symptoms (PHQ2 > 2) was 23.8% (n = 36). Hierarchical logistic regression analysis revealed that entering patient characteristics and care situations did not enhance the model's predictability. In the full model, a high perceived CB was a risk factor for elevated depressive symptoms. Good physical health protects against depressive symptoms. Conclusions: Among caregivers of PWE in Hong Kong, a high perceived caregiving burden was a risk factor for elevated depressive symptoms; however, the clinical characteristics of the PWEs were not. Self-reported physical health is a protective factor against increased depressive symptoms. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations and sleep disturbances with dolutegravir-based antiretroviral therapy versus standard of care in children and adolescents: a secondary analysis of the ODYSSEY trial$$$ Background: Cohort studies in adults with HIV showed that dolutegravir was associated with neuropsychiatric adverse events and sleep problems, yet data are scarce in children and adolescents. We aimed to evaluate neuropsychiatric manifestations in children and adolescents treated with dolutegravir-based treatment versus alternative antiretroviral therapy. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of ODYSSEY, an open-label, multicentre, randomised, non-inferiority trial, in which adolescents and children initiating first-line or second-line antiretroviral therapy were randomly assigned 1:1 to dolutegravir-based treatment or standard-of-care treatment. We assessed neuropsychiatric adverse events (reported by clinicians) and responses to the mood and sleep questionnaires (reported by the participant or their carer) in both groups. We compared the proportions of patients with neuropsychiatric adverse events (neurological, psychiatric, and total), time to first neuropsychiatric adverse event, and participant-reported responses to questionnaires capturing issues with mood, suicidal thoughts, and sleep problems. Findings: Between Sept 20, 2016, and June 22, 2018, 707 participants were enrolled, of whom 345 (49%) were female and 362 (51%) were male, and 623 (88%) were Black-African. Of 707 participants, 350 (50%) were randomly assigned to dolutegravir-based antiretroviral therapy and 357 (50%) to non-dolutegravir-based standard-of-care. 311 (44%) of 707 participants started first-line antiretroviral therapy (ODYSSEY-A; 145 [92%] of 157 participants had efavirenz-based therapy in the standard-of-care group), and 396 (56%) of 707 started second-line therapy (ODYSSEY-B; 195 [98%] of 200 had protease inhibitor-based therapy in the standard-of-care group). During follow-up (median 142 weeks, IQR 124–159), 23 participants had 31 neuropsychiatric adverse events (15 in the dolutegravir group and eight in the standard-of-care group; difference in proportion of participants with ≥1 event p=0·13). 11 participants had one or more neurological events (six and five; p=0·74) and 14 participants had one or more psychiatric events (ten and four; p=0·097). Among 14 participants with psychiatric events, eight participants in the dolutegravir group and four in standard-of-care group had suicidal ideation or behaviour. More participants in the dolutegravir group than the standard-of-care group reported symptoms of self-harm (eight vs one; p=0·025), life not worth living (17 vs five; p=0·0091), or suicidal thoughts (13 vs none; p=0·0006) at one or more follow-up visits. Most reports were transient. There were no differences by treatment group in low mood or feeling sad, problems concentrating, feeling worried or feeling angry or aggressive, sleep problems, or sleep quality. Interpretation: The numbers of neuropsychiatric adverse events and reported neuropsychiatric symptoms were low. However, numerically more participants had psychiatric events and reported suicidality ideation in the dolutegravir group than the standard-of-care group. These differences should be interpreted with caution in an open-label trial. Clinicians and policy makers should consider including suicidality screening of children or adolescents receiving dolutegravir. Funding: Penta Foundation, ViiV Healthcare, and UK Medical Research Council. ER  - 
Risk of suicide and religious or spiritual beliefs in Brazilian adult patients with epilepsy$$$ In epilepsy, suicidal behavior is higher compared with the general population. Objective: To assess the relationship between suicide risk, religiosity or spirituality, and clinical variables in adult patients with epilepsy (PWE). Methodology: The data from the suicide module of the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI) were related to scores on the Brief Multidimensional Measure of Religiousness/Spirituality (BMMRS-P) and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), as well as clinical variables in 96 adults PWE, with a significance level of p < 0.05. Results: The study included 49 patients with temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis (TLE-HS) and 47 cases of other epilepsies. The presence of suicide risk in the MINI was observed in 43 (44.7%) cases. Suicide risk was associated with an earlier age of epilepsy onset, higher seizure frequency, neurological abnormalities, and higher scores on the HADS-A and HADS-D scales. Suicide risk was low in 33 (76.7%) cases and moderate or high in 10 (23.2%) cases. Higher suicide risk was associated with higher education levels, focal structural epilepsy, use of ≥2 antiseizure medications, neurological abnormalities, anxiety, and dimensions such as daily spiritual experiences, religious or spiritual coping, organizational religiousness, and total score in the BMMRS-P. Discussion: A high number of patients with epilepsy exhibited suicide risk, with epilepsy-related variables, the presence of anxiety, and perceived lower belongingness and social support from religiosity or spirituality anxiety being associated with a higher risk. The social support provided by religiosity/spirituality may be a non-clinical factor associated with suicidal behavior. Suicide in epilepsy is associated with a complex interaction of multidimensional factors. ER  - 
Neuropsychological function in psychosis of epilepsy$$$ Objective: The neuropsychological profile of patients with psychosis of epilepsy (POE) has received limited research attention. Recent neuroimaging work in POE has identified structural network pathology in the default mode network and the cognitive control network. This study examined the neuropsychological profile of POE focusing on cognitive domains subserved by these networks. Methods: Twelve consecutive patients with a diagnosis of POE were prospectively recruited from the Comprehensive Epilepsy Programmes at The Royal Melbourne, Austin and St Vincent's Hospitals, Melbourne, Australia between January 2015 and February 2017. They were compared to 12 matched patients with epilepsy but no psychosis and 42 healthy controls on standardised neuropsychological tests of memory and executive functioning in a case-control design. Results: Mean scores across all cognitive tasks showed a graded pattern of impairment, with the POE group showing the poorest performance, followed by the epilepsy without psychosis and the healthy control groups. This was associated with significant group-level differences on measures of working memory (p = < 0.01); immediate (p = < 0.01) and delayed verbal recall (p = < 0.01); visual memory (p < 0.001); and verbal fluency (p = 0.02). In particular, patients with POE performed significantly worse than the healthy control group on measures of both cognitive control (p =.005) and memory (p <.001), whereas the epilepsy without psychosis group showed only memory difficulties (delayed verbal recall) compared to healthy controls (p =.001). Conclusion: People with POE show reduced performance in neuropsychological functions supported by the default mode and cognitive control networks, when compared to both healthy participants and people with epilepsy without psychosis. ER  - 
AWAreness during REsuscitation - II: A multi-center study of consciousness and awareness in cardiac arrest$$$ Introduction: Cognitive activity and awareness during cardiac arrest (CA) are reported but ill understood. This first of a kind study examined consciousness and its underlying electrocortical biomarkers during cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR). Methods: In a prospective 25-site in-hospital study, we incorporated a) independent audiovisual testing of awareness, including explicit and implicit learning using a computer and headphones, with b) continuous real-time electroencephalography(EEG) and cerebral oxygenation(rSO2) monitoring into CPR during in-hospital CA (IHCA). Survivors underwent interviews to examine for recall of awareness and cognitive experiences. A complementary cross-sectional community CA study provided added insights regarding survivors’ experiences. Results: Of 567 IHCA, 53(9.3%) survived, 28 of these (52.8%) completed interviews, and 11(39.3%) reported CA memories/perceptions suggestive of consciousness. Four categories of experiences emerged: 1) emergence from coma during CPR (CPR-induced consciousness [CPRIC]) 2/28(7.1%), or 2) in the post-resuscitation period 2/28(7.1%), 3) dream-like experiences 3/28(10.7%), 4) transcendent recalled experience of death (RED) 6/28(21.4%). In the cross-sectional arm, 126 community CA survivors’ experiences reinforced these categories and identified another: delusions (misattribution of medical events). Low survival limited the ability to examine for implicit learning. Nobody identified the visual image, 1/28(3.5%) identified the auditory stimulus. Despite marked cerebral ischemia (Mean rSO2 = 43%) normal EEG activity (delta, theta and alpha) consistent with consciousness emerged as long as 35–60 minutes into CPR. Conclusions: Consciousness. awareness and cognitive processes may occur during CA. The emergence of normal EEG may reflect a resumption of a network-level of cognitive activity, and a biomarker of consciousness, lucidity and RED (authentic “near-death” experiences). ER  - 
88 Emergency Department Visits Among Opioid Use Disorder Patients$$$ Objectives: The rate of opioid overdose in the United States continues to grow, with synthetic opioids being involved in majority of overdose deaths. There are over 1,000 emergency department (ED) visits every day from opioid misuse. Previous studies demonstrate consensus among ED physicians regarding the initiation of buprenorphine for opioid use disorder (OUD) treatment. However, there has not been extensive research investigating what contributes to OUD patients’ ER utilization. This study sought to examine the impact of demographic and clinical characteristics on ED visits among OUD patients. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study (n=110,237), patient claims data from September 2017 to March 2022 from IQVIA were analyzed. An index date was assigned for patients with either ≥1 claim for buprenorphine (including extended-release buprenorphine (BUP-XR) and transmucosal buprenorphine (TMBUP) products) or a diagnosis of OUD between March 2018 and September 2021. Three cohorts were created: BUP-XR (n=543), TM-Bup (n=52,569) and no-medication for OUD (MOUD) (n=57,125). Characteristics for these patient cohorts were collected from a 6-month pre-index period. Inferential statistics and multivariate logistic regression were conducted to identify the predictors of four types of ED visits: any opioid overdose, synthetic opioid overdose, opioid withdrawal/detoxification, and all-cause ED visits in the 6-month post-index period. Regression models were controlled for demographics, comorbidities, geography, cost, opioid overdose, and medication history. Results: Overall, OUD patients most likely to have an ED visit in post-index period were between 18-34 years (OR:1.16; CI:1.12-1.20), males (OR: 1.08, CI:1.05-1.11) or those who had an opioid overdose in the pre-index period (OR: 1.60; CI:1.43-1.80). OUD patients with asthma (OR: 1.28, CI:1.00-1.63) were more likely to have an opioid overdose ED visit than those without. Patients with chronic pain/fibromyalgia (OR: 3.21, CI:1.01-10.23) were more likely to have an ED visit for synthetic opioids overdose. Lastly, OUD patients with asthma (OR: 1.44, CI:1.35-1.52), chronic pain/fibromyalgia (OR: 1.82, CI:1.57-2.11), dementia/Alzheimer's disease (OR: 1.31, CI:1.12-1.53), epilepsy/seizure disorder (OR:1.56, CI:1.44-1.70), liver/gall bladder/pancreatic disease (OR: 1.23, CI:1.12-1.34), liver cirrhosis (OR: 1.23, CI:1.05-1.44) or schizophrenia (OR: 1.80, CI:1.68-1.94) were more likely to have an all-cause ED visit. None (0%) of the patients in the BUP-XR treatment cohort had an ED visit for an opioid overdose in the post-index period, compared to 629 patients (1.2%) of the TM-Bup cohort and 578 (1%) of the no-MOUD cohort. Patients in the BUP-XR cohort (OR: 0.45, CI:0.37-0.54) and the TM-Bup cohort (OR:0.82, CI:0.80-0.85) were less likely than those in the no-MOUD cohort to have an all-cause ED visit, however, patients in the TM-Bup cohort were more likely to have an opioid withdrawal/detoxification ED visit (OR:1.9, CI:1.7-2.2) compared to no-MOUD cohort. Conclusions: This study demonstrates that while OUD patients who are male or between 18-34 years are more likely to have ED visits, there are significant risk factors such as history of opioid overdose and comorbidities that potentially play an essential role. Understanding these can accelerate treatment for those at-risk and potentially prevent subsequent acute events. Yes, authors have interests to disclose Disclosure: Indivior Employee Indivior Disclosure: IQVIA Employee IQVIA ER  - 
NOT ALL CATATONIA IS CRAZY$$$ SESSION TITLE: Critical Care Case Report Posters 10 SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/09/2023 12:00 pm - 12:45 pm INTRODUCTION: Anti-N-Methyl-d-Aspartate (anti-NMDA) Receptor Encephalitis is the most common form of autoimmune encephalitis which most commonly affects young women. This diagnosis requires further investigation for an underlying neoplasm. The most commonly associated malignancy is an ovarian teratoma1. The diagnosis of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis is confirmed by the detection of IgG antibodies to the GluN1 subunit of the NMDA receptor2. It is important to consider this diagnosis as many are misdiagnosed with psychiatric illness. CASE PRESENTATION: A 25 year old woman with a history of depression and an ovarian dermoid cyst status post bilateral ovarian cystectomies presented to the emergency department with altered mental status and lethargy. She was accompanied by her mother who reported altered mental status and seizure like activity. Initial workup, including CT scan of the head, laboratory testing, and toxicology screening were unremarkable. On exam, she was noted to be in a catatonic state with full passive range of motion in all extremities and waxy flexibility in the bilateral upper extremities. She experienced a seizure while in the emergency department and was subsequently started on antiepileptics. Further history revealed a recent admission to inpatient psychiatric at an outside hospital after imaging including CT and MRI had no remarkable findings to explain symptoms. Lumbar puncture revealed low glucose and elevated leukocyte count, with negative cytology and infectious panel. The paraneoplastic panel was pending. On day 3 of admission, she was found to have elevated NMDA receptor antibodies at 1:60. She was urgently started on plasmapheresis. Transvaginal ultrasound revealed 4cm left ovarian cyst and patient went for left salpingo-oophorectomy. She was discharged home on glucocorticoids with plans to start Rituximab as an outpatient. DISCUSSION: In young women with new onset psychosis, it is important to consider anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis in the differential. Although patients require prolonged treatment, recovery is possible with early diagnosis, aggressive treatment, and tumor removal. Relapse occurs in 15 to 24 percent of patients, but most patients will make a full recovery within two years of disease onset.3 CONCLUSIONS: Anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis is associated with significant morbidity and often requires intensive care unit management to optimize care and outcomes. It is often misdiagnosed early in the course leading to delay in starting therapy and increased risk of complications such as seizures, cardiovascular instability, and respiratory failure. REFERENCE #1: Anti-NMDAR Encephalitis | Center for Autoimmune Neurology | Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. (n.d.). https://www.med.upenn.edu/autoimmuneneurology/nmdar-encephalitis.html REFERENCE #2: Liu Y, Tian Y, Guo R, Xu X, Zhang M, Li Z, Xiao Y, Cao W, Gao H, Kong D, Du Y, Meng L, Zhang J, Huang X. Anti-NMDA Receptor Encephalitis: Retrospective Analysis of 15 Cases, Literature Review, and Implications for Gynecologists. J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 15;2022:4299791. doi: 10.1155/2022/4299791. PMID: 35340259; PMCID: PMC8941556. REFERENCE #3: Titulaer MJ, McCracken L, Gabilondo I, Armangué T, Glaser C, Iizuka T, Honig LS, Benseler SM, Kawachi I, Martinez-Hernandez E, Aguilar E, Gresa-Arribas N, Ryan-Florance N, Torrents A, Saiz A, Rosenfeld MR, Balice-Gordon R, Graus F, Dalmau J. Treatment and prognostic factors for long-term outcome in patients with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis: an observational cohort study. Lancet Neurol. 2013 Feb;12(2):157-65. doi: 10.1016/S1474-4422(12)70310-1. Epub 2013 Jan 3. PMID: 23290630; PMCID: PMC3563251. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Anne Marie Bonaguro No disclosure on file for Amisha Shah No relevant relationships by Mohammed Siddiqui No relevant relationships by Morena Valdizon ER  - 
INTRAPERITONEAL CEFEPIME-INDUCED NEUROTOXICITY$$$ SESSION TITLE: Critical Care Case Report Posters 3 SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/10/2023 09:40 am - 10:25 am INTRODUCTION: Cefepime, a fourth-generation cephalosporin, is a commonly used intravenous broad-spectrum antibiotic. The pharmacokinetics of cefepime make it a favorable empiric intraperitoneal monotherapy to treat peritonitis in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) on peritoneal dialysis [1]. Cefepime can also cause neurotoxicity, and patients with renal disease are at increased risk due to impaired drug clearance. Cefepime-induced neurotoxicity (CIN) is almost exclusively reported in patients receiving intravenous cefepime. This case describes a rare scenario in which intraperitoneal cefepime led to neurotoxicity. CASE PRESENTATION: An 81-year-old woman with ESRD on peritoneal dialysis was diagnosed with Citrobacter freundii peritonitis after a week of fevers and abdominal pain. She had no history of peritonitis or seizures. She was started on 2 grams of intraperitoneal cefepime daily. Four days later, she presented with altered mental status, weakness, and involuntary upper extremity jerking movements. She was confused, afebrile, hypertensive, and tachypneic. Computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging of the brain showed no acute abnormalities. There were no significant laboratory abnormalities on a complete blood count, complete metabolic panel, blood gas, and a metabolic workup for altered mental status was normal. Her antibiotics were changed from intraperitoneal cefepime to both intravenous piperacillin-tazobactam and intraperitoneal gentamicin due to concern for CIN. Spot electroencephalogram (EEG) showed continuous generalized periodic discharges (GPDs) concerning for ictal-interictal continuum. Continuous EEG showed abundant GPDs indicative of moderate acute diffuse neuronal dysfunction, with features associated with toxic or metabolic encephalopathies. The patient received loading doses of levetiracetam and lacosamide with no improvement. Due to persistent concern for CIN, and literature supporting improved clearance of cefepime via hemodialysis compared to peritoneal dialysis, the decision was made to start hemodialysis [2]. The patient received both hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis for two days, which resulted in rapid resolution of her altered mentation. She was ultimately discharged at her baseline mental status. Her altered mental status was attributed to neurotoxicity secondary to intraperitoneal cefepime. DISCUSSION: This case describes a rare instance of CIN due to intraperitoneal cefepime. This elderly patient with renal failure developed ictal-interictal continuum activity after receiving four daily doses of intraperitoneal cefepime to treat Citrobacter freundii peritonitis. The overall incidence of CIN is about 1% but is estimated to be as high as 16.6% in those with renal disease. It can present as myoclonus, non-convulsive seizures, psychosis, and/or tonic-clonic seizures. Cefepime is thought to cause neurotoxicity through antagonistic effects on gamma-aminobutyric (GABA) receptors leading to downstream excitation [3]. Peritoneal dialysis is less effective at clearing cefepime compared to hemodialysis, which causes the antibiotic to have a prolonged half-life of 18 hours. The recommended intraperitoneal dose for a patient on peritoneal dialysis is 1 gram daily - half of what our patient received [1]. Therefore, short term HD is sometimes necessary to clear cefepime in patients on peritoneal dialysis [2]. CONCLUSIONS: Neurotoxicity is most commonly described as a side effect of intravenous cefepime but can also be seen after intraperitoneal administration. Hemodialysis, in addition to peritoneal dialysis, may be necessary to clear cefepime more rapidly in patients with CIN. REFERENCE #1: Kitrungphaiboon, Thidarat, et al. "Intraperitoneal cefepime monotherapy versus combination therapy of cefazolin plus ceftazidime for empirical treatment of CAPD-associated peritonitis: a multicenter, open-label, noninferiority, randomized, controlled trial." American Journal of Kidney Diseases 74.5 (2019): 601-609. REFERENCE #2: Lin, Chun-Jen, et al. "Cefepime-related encephalopathy in peritoneal dialysis patients." Journal of the Chinese Medical Association 74.2 (2011): 87-90. REFERENCE #3: De Sarro, A., et al. "Relationship between structure and convulsant properties of some beta-lactam antibiotics following intracerebroventricular microinjection in rats." Antimicrobial agents and chemotherapy 39.1 (1995): 232-237. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Lana Aleuy No relevant relationships by Matthew Reaven No relevant relationships by Divya Verma ER  - 
SOURCE CONTROL–PUT THE MEDICINE WHERE IT GREY MATTERS: PYOGENIC VENTRICULITIS IN STREPTOCOCCUS PNEUMONIAE MENINGITIS TREATED WITH INTRATHECAL ANTIBIOTICS$$$ SESSION TITLE: Neuro-Critical Care SESSION TYPE: Rapid Fire Case Reports PRESENTED ON: 10/11/2023 09:40 am - 10:25 am INTRODUCTION: Pyogenic ventriculitis is a rare intracranial infection causing inflammation of the ventricular ependymal lining and pus within the ventricular system. It's a complication of community acquired meningitis more commonly seen in infants with neonatal meningitis, and is rarely seen in adults. CASE PRESENTATION: A 61-year-old male with alcohol use disorder, chronic pancreatitis, diabetes mellitus, and peptic ulcer disease, presented with fever, nausea, and vomiting. He endorsed a one-week history of headaches and neck pain. He was found to be febrile and tachycardic. Labs revealed significant leukocytosis, hyperglycemia, elevated beta-hydroxybutyrate, lactic acidosis, and high anion gap metabolic acidosis. Lumbar puncture (LP) was performed. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) showed 5800/µL WBCs and 13000/µL RBCs, with protein >600mg/dL and glucose <7mg/dL; CSF PCR panel was positive for streptococcus pneumoniae. The patient developed seizures and was intubated for airway protection. He was started on empiric meningitis coverage with steroids and levetiracetam. CSF and blood cultures both grew streptococcus pneumoniae without evidence of endocarditis on transesophageal echocardiography. Despite tailored antibiotics and antiepileptics, he continued to have seizures, requiring fosphenytoin. His mental status did not improve, and he remained febrile. MRI of the brain showed pyogenic ventriculitis, with repeat LP showing persistently elevated WBC count, after one week of IV antibiotics. Intrathecal vancomycin was started through an extra ventricular drain (EVD) with serial CSF samples showing improvement in WBC count and drastic clinical improvement with a return to baseline mental status and resolution of fevers. Repeat MRI on day 6 of intrathecal antibiotics showed overall significant improvement of pyogenic ventriculitis. EVD was removed and he completed a course of IV antibiotics. DISCUSSION: Pyogenic ventriculitis is commonly seen with catheter-related infections, trauma, and brain abscess, but only a few cases of primary meningitis complicated with pyogenic ventriculitis in adults have been reported. In a retrospective study, streptococcus pneumonaie was found to be the most common culprit of ventriculitis in patients with bacterial meningitis. While there are treatment guidelines for healthcare-associated ventriculitis and meningitis, there are no clear guidelines on the treatment of ventriculitis due to bacterial meningitis. Another case report describes a patient who was successfully treated with IV antibiotics. As there was no clinical and objective CSF improvement while on IV antibiotics, intrathecal vancomycin was initiated via an EVD with rapid improvement. CONCLUSIONS: This case highlights a possible need for invasive intervention and intrathecal antibiotics in refractory cases of pyogenic ventriculitis, and further research is needed in developing treatment guidelines. REFERENCE #1: Hong S, Yang Y, Zhang Q, Zhuo S, Wang L. Recurrent primary pyogenic ventriculitis in an adult woman: A case report - bmc neurology. BioMed Central. https://bmcneurol.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12883-021-02422-2. Published October 19, 2021. Accessed March 31, 2023. REFERENCE #2: Luque-Paz D, Revest M, Eugène F, et al. Ventriculitis: A severe complication of central nervous system infections. Open forum infectious diseases. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8176394/. Published April 29, 2021. Accessed March 31, 2023. REFERENCE #3: Tunkel AR, Hasbun R, Bhimraj A, et al. 2017 Infectious Diseases Society of America's clinical practice guidelines for healthcare-associated ventriculitis and meningitis*. OUP Academic. https://academic.oup.com/cid/article/64/6/e34/2996079. Published February 14, 2017. Accessed March 31, 2023. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by JohnPaul Kwak No relevant relationships by Erik Perez No relevant relationships by Christina Jee Ah Rhee No relevant relationships by Mohamed Salih Makawi ER  - 
TEMPOROMANDIBULAR JOINT DISLOCATION AFTER INTUBATION$$$ SESSION TITLE: Critical Care Case Report Posters 56 SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/11/2023 12:00 pm - 12:45 pm INTRODUCTION: The temporomandibular joint (TMJ) is a modified hinge joint with the condyle of the mandible resting in a shallow glenoid fossa, predisposing it to be easily dislocated without extreme force. Anterior dislocation of TMJ is the most common type of dislocation. It can occur due to excessive opening of the mouth, trauma, or seizures. Iatrogenic cases of TMJ dislocation have been reported during anesthesia induction, intubation, and upper endoscopic procedures. This case report discusses a post-intubation complication of TMJ dislocation. CASE PRESENTATION: A 20-year-old female with a past medical history of anxiety and depression presented to the emergency department (ED) for evaluation of a seizure secondary to a drug overdose. She had consumed an unknown amount of diphenhydramine prior to being found by the family. She had witnessed seizure-like activity lasting one minute prior to the arrival of the ambulance. She was noted to have two additional seizure-like episodes en route to the ED for which midazolam was administered. Upon arrival to the ED, the patient was intubated for unresponsiveness. Laboratory workup showed severe metabolic acidosis. The urine drug screen was positive for benzodiazepines and tricyclic antidepressants. An electroencephalogram was negative for seizures. The patient remained hemodynamically stable. She was extubated the following day when she reported bilateral TMJ pain and inability to close her mouth or talk. A maxillofacial computed tomography (CT) showed bilateral anterior dislocation of the mandibular condyles. She underwent closed reduction of dislocated TM joints under anesthesia with resolution of her symptoms. DISCUSSION: TMJ dislocation is a serious complication of intubation that can lead to long-term sequelae if not treated in a timely manner. Common symptoms include pain, inability to close oral cavity, drooling, and dysarthria. Including TMJ dislocation in the list of potential complications after intubation is important to prevent misrepresentation of its symptoms as those of a stroke. Intubation is an important part of critical care medicine, however, evaluating for TMJ dislocation is not a common practice post-intubation. In our patient, a retrospective review of the CT scan of head on admission revealed that TMJ dislocation was present post-intubation. The diagnosis of TMJ dislocation after intubation can get delayed and often diagnosed after extubation when the patient manifests the symptoms. In our patient, the TMJ dislocation could be attributed to intubation although seizures could not be excluded as a potential cause. Diagnosis of TMJ dislocation includes a thorough examination and obtaining a three-dimensional computed tomography. Management of acute TMJ dislocation includes pain relief and manual reduction. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, it is important to include TMJ dislocation as a potential complication of intubation to facilitate prompt diagnosis and treatment, and to avoid long-term sequelae. REFERENCE #1: Rattan, Vidya, and Suman Arora. "Prolonged Temporomandibular Joint Dislocation in an Unconscious Patient after Airway Manipulation." Anesthesia & Analgesia 102, no. 4 (April 2006): 1294. https://doi.org/10.1213/01.ane.0000199217.90585.b5. REFERENCE #2: Singh, AkhileshKumar, NareshKumar Sharma, Arun Pandey, Vishal Verma, and Shreya Singh. "Temporomandibular Joint Dislocation." National Journal of Maxillofacial Surgery 6, no. 1 (2015): 16. https://doi.org/10.4103/0975-5950.168212. REFERENCE #3: Wang, Li-Kai, Ming-Chung Lin, Fuh-Cheng Yeh, and Ying-Hui Chen. "Temporomandibular Joint Dislocation during Orotracheal Extubation." Acta Anaesthesiologica Taiwanica 47, no. 4 (2009): 200–203. https://doi.org/10.1016/s1875-4597(09)60055-2. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Navdeep Brar No relevant relationships by Rashmeet Brar No relevant relationships by Harleen Kaur No relevant relationships by Kartikeya Rajdev No relevant relationships by Kinza Salim ER  - 
HEMODIALEAK: THE PERILS OF HYDROXOCOBALAMIN$$$ SESSION TITLE: Critical Care Case Report Posters 10 SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/09/2023 12:00 pm - 12:45 pm INTRODUCTION: Septic shock is a form of vasodilatory shock that is precipitated by bacterial endotoxins, inflammatory cytokines, nitric oxide (NO) and hydrogen sulfide (H2S). Treatment for hemodynamic collapse usually consists of fluid resuscitation with crystalloids, vasopressors and stress dose steroids, but there are very few therapies to aid in refractory cases. Hydroxocobalamin, commonly used for cyanide toxicity, has been proposed as a therapeutic option in those with refractory shock. There are very limited trials on the use of hydroxocobalamin in the setting of septic shock thus the implications of its utilization are vastly unknown. We present a patient with refractory septic shock who developed oliguric acute kidney injury (AKI) that was given hydroxocobalamin which prevented the implementation of hemodialysis. CASE PRESENTATION: This is a 42-year-old male with past medical history of hypertension, obesity, epilepsy, alcoholism who was brought to the emergency department after he was found difficult to arouse. Initial vital signs were temperature of 36.7, heart rate of 114 beats per minute, respiratory rate of 38, blood pressure of 132/60 mmHg and a saturation of oxygen on 96%. Patient was diaphoretic, disoriented, with clear breath sounds bilaterally. Lab work disclosed severe metabolic acidosis, hyperglycemia, hypokalemia, oliguric AKI and lactic acidosis prompting patient to be treated as diabetic ketoacidosis with fluid resuscitation and intravenous insulin. Shortly after admission to the intensive care unit he suffered hemodynamic collapse and was started on vasopressor therapy with norepinephrine, vasopressin, epinephrine, phenylephrine and patient was also started on stress dose steroids as well as broad spectrum antibiotics due to concern for septic shock. He remained in refractory shock thus hydroxocobalamin was given with minimal response in hemodynamics. Patient developed respiratory distress prompting intubation and mechanical ventilation, chest x-ray was consistent with pulmonary edema therefore hemodialysis was attempted but was unable to be performed due to blood leak alarm exacerbated by the hydroxocobalamin. Patient progressed to multiorgan failure and family opted for comfort measures only shortly after. DISCUSSION: Hydroxocobalamin works as a free radical scavenger binding to NO and H2S which may stabilize the capillary membrane thus restoring vascular tone, helping resolve the vasodilatory component of septic shock, and there has been evidence that it can be helpful in septic shock. In the hemodialysis machine circuit, blood is separated from dialysate by a semipermeable membrane. The integrity of the membrane is important as it maintains the sterility and protects patients from inadvertent blood loss. For this reason, dialysis machines have been designed to cease operations when blood is detected in the dialysate. (12) Since the dark reddish-purple discoloration of body fluids and skin has been one of the reported adverse events of the therapy with hydoxocobalamin, this could explain the interference with the photometric sensors for blood leak in the dialysis machines. The chromaturia can be observed after treatment for 7-35 days. CONCLUSIONS: Hydroxocobalamin can help resolve cases of refractory septic shock but clinicians should be cognizant that it might impede the ability to provide hemodialysis. REFERENCE #1: Patel JJ, Willoughby R, Peterson J, et al. High-Dose IV Hydroxocobalamin (Vitamin B12) in Septic Shock: A Double-Blind, Allocation-Concealed, Placebo-Controlled Single-Center Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial (The Intravenous Hydroxocobalamin in Septic Shock Trial). Chest. 2023;163(2):303-312. doi:10.1016/j.chest.2022.09.021 REFERENCE #2: Cheungpasitporn W, Hui J, Kashani KB, Wittwer ED, Albright RC Jr, Dillon JJ. High-dose hydroxocobalamin for vasoplegic syndrome causing false blood leak alarm. Clin Kidney J. 2017;10(3):357-362. doi:10.1093/ckj/sfx004 REFERENCE #3: Shapeton AD, Mahmood F, Ortoleva JP. Hydroxocobalamin for the Treatment of Vasoplegia: A Review of Current Literature and Considerations for Use. J Cardiothorac Vasc Anesth. 2019;33(4):894-901. doi:10.1053/j.jvca.2018.08.017 DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Pablo amador No relevant relationships by Allan Roberto Bueso Pineda No relevant relationships by Orlando Garner No relevant relationships by Alejandro Herrera ER  - 
METHADONE-INDUCED LEUKOENCEPHALOPATHY MIMICKING NEUROLEPTIC MALIGNANT SYNDROME$$$ SESSION TITLE: Critical Care Global Case Report Posters 1 SESSION TYPE: Global Case Reports PRESENTED ON: 10/10/2023 12:00 pm - 12:45 pm INTRODUCTION: Leukoencephalopathy is a disease of the brain white matter that causes motor, sensory, and visual impairment. Methadone is a well-established medication-assisted therapy for drug abuse and dependence. Methadone overdose is, however, a formidable clinical, diagnostic, and management challenge. CASE PRESENTATION: A 34-year-old woman with a past medical history of psychoactive substance use disorder, herpes simplex and hepatitis C virus infection, and opioid use disorder presented to the emergency department with hyperactive delirium, muscle rigidity, and bilateral upper extremity clonus. Urine toxicology was positive for methadone. A head CT was unremarkable. She was admitted with waxing-waning mental status, and she became progressively non-responsive with the concern that she was developing delirium-induced catatonia. She was trialed on lorazepam with minimal effect. A brain MRI showed diffuse white matter hyperintensity suggestive of leukoencephalopathy, and an EEG ruled out epileptiform changes. She developed worsening intermittent lead-pipe rigidity in the lower extremities, upper extremity dystonia, and a high fever. She was transferred to the medical intensive care unit. Her creatine kinase was 5 K U/L and lactic acid was 13.7 mmol/L. Infectious work-up including lumbar puncture was negative. She was started on dexmedetomidine and lorazepam for control of muscle rigidity and severe delirium and coenzyme Q, vitamin E, and vitamin C. Her mental status and neuromuscular symptoms gradually improved after a prolonged hospital admission of 28 days, after which she was transferred to acute rehabilitation. She returned to baseline function two months later. DISCUSSION: Leukoencephalopathy can be genetic, toxicity-related, or can occur in the setting of eclampsia (1). Other possible causes of toxic leukoencephalopathy include immunosuppressants or imidazole, crack cocaine, carbon monoxide, ethanol, and antiepileptic or chemotherapy medications (1).This was a case of drug-related leukoencephalopathy with severe extrapyramidal symptoms and pyrexia. Leukoencephalopathy related to methadone overdose is recognized, but it is less common than cases linked to heroin use. Our case is unusual in light of the lack of imaging findings of brain stem white matter changes and cerebellar swelling with subsequent hydrocephalus on MRI reported in previous case reports (2). CONCLUSIONS: Leukoencephalopathy should be in the differential diagnosis of cases of methadone intoxication. REFERENCE #1: Koksel Y, Ozutemiz C, Rykken J, Ott F, Cayci Z, Oswood M, McKinney AM. "CHOICES": An acronym to aid in delineating potential causes of non-metabolic, non-infectious acute toxic leukoencephalopathy. Eur J Radiol Open. 2019 Jun 28;6:243-257. doi: 10.1016/j.ejro.2019.06.005. Erratum in: Eur J Radiol Open. 2020 Dec 17;8:100308 REFERENCE #2: Zanin A, Masiero S, Severino MS, Calderone M, Da Dalt L, Laverda AM. A delayed methadone encephalopathy: clinical and neuroradiological findings. J Child Neurol. 2010 Jun;25(6):748-51. doi: 10.1177/0883073809343318 DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by sarah Hatahet No relevant relationships by Anas Rihawi No relevant relationships by Amr Salem No relevant relationships by Ahmed Salem No relevant relationships by Mohanad Soliman ER  - 
Trends and disparities in deep brain stimulation utilization in the United States: a Nationwide Inpatient Sample analysis from 1993 to 2017$$$ Background: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is an approved treatment option for Parkinson's Disease (PD), essential tremor (ET), dystonia, obsessive-compulsive disorder and epilepsy in the United States. There are disparities in access to DBS, and clear understanding of the contextual factors driving them is important. Previous studies aimed at understanding these factors have been limited by single indications or small cohort sizes. The aim of this study is to provide an updated and comprehensive analysis of DBS utilization for multiple indications to better understand the factors driving disparities in access. Methods: The United States based National Inpatient Sample (NIS) database was utilized to analyze the surgical volume and trends of procedures based on indication, using relevant ICD codes. Predictors of DBS use were analyzed using a logistic regression model. DBS-implanted patients in each indication were compared based on the patient-, hospital-, and outcome-related variables. Findings: Our analysis of 104,356 DBS discharges from 1993 to 2017 revealed that the most frequent indications for DBS were PD (67%), ET (24%), and dystonia (4%). Although the number of DBS procedures has consistently increased over the years, radiofrequency ablation utilization has significantly decreased to only a few patients per year since 2003. Negative predictors for DBS utilization in PD and ET cohorts included age increase and female sex, while African American status was a negative predictor across all cohorts. Significant differences in patient-, hospital-, and outcome-related variables between DBS indications were also determined. Interpretation: Demographic and socioeconomic-based disparities in DBS use are evident. Although racial disparities are present across all indications, other disparities such as age, sex, wealth, and insurance status are only relevant in certain indications. Funding: This work was supported byAlan & Susan Hudson Cornerstone Chair in Neurosurgery atUniversity Health Network. ER  - 
Brain vascularization in deep brain stimulation surgeries: epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease, and obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ BACKGROUND: In our experience, we encountered more blood vessels during deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgeries in epilepsy. In this study, we have quantified and compared the cerebral vascularization in epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease (PD) and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). METHODS: A retrospective observational study in 15 epilepsy and 15 PD patients was performed. The amount, location, and size of blood vessels within 5 millimeters (mm) of all DBS electrode trajectories (N.=120) for both targets (anterior nucleus of the thalamus: ANT and subthalamic nucleus: STN) in both patient groups were quantified and compared on a Medtronic workstation (Dublin, Ireland). Additionally, blood vessels in the trajectories (N.=120) of another group of 15 PD (STN) and 15 OCD (ventral capsule-ventral striatum [VC-VS]) patients were quantified and compared (trajectories N.=120), also to the first group. Statistical analyses were performed with SPSS version 27.0 (descriptive statistics, independent samples t-tests, Mann Whitney U Test, ANOVA Test and post-hoc Tukey Test). A P value <0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Our results showed a significant greater amount of cerebral blood vessels in epilepsy patients (10 SD±4) compared to PD (PD1 6 SD±1 and PD2 5 SD±3) and OCD (5 SD±1) with P<0.0001. Also, all other subanalyses showed more vascularization in the epilepsy group. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that the brain of epilepsy patients seems to be more vascularized compared to PD and OCD patients. This can make the surgical planning for DBS more challenging, and the use of multiple trajectories limited. ER  - 
64.1 ECT in Children and Adolescents: Patient Selection Process$$$ Objectives: This presentation focuses on the patient selection process for ECT in youth (<18 years). The AACAP best practice parameters identify severe and/or treatment-resistant MDD or mania, schizoaffective disorder, schizophrenia, catatonia, and neuroleptic malignant syndrome as indications for its use. ECT is also used in selected cases with autoimmune encephalitis, intractable epilepsy, and severe self-injurious or aggressive behavior. The patient selection process is important to provide equal access to a highly effective treatment for the most severely affected youth. Methods: We retrospectively examined electronic medical records (EMRs) for neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) and non-NDD youth who had received ECT at a tertiary care medical center. IRB approved the collection of these data. Results: From July 2017 to June 2022, annually on average, 176 ECT treatments were performed in the inpatient unit, 435 treatments were done on an outpatient basis, and 12 treatments were performed on the medical floor. Referrals for ECT may come from within the institution, outside clinics, or other hospitals. The process involves establishing the primary diagnosis, identifying comorbidity, past psychiatric history, medical comorbidity, and family psychiatric history. Standardized assessment tools are essential to document symptom severity and monitor longitudinal progress. Collateral information is obtained from the family and past treatment providers. Neuropsychological testing is performed unless the patient is unable to participate. Patients are also evaluated for contraindications or high-risk medical conditions relevant for administering anesthesia or ECT. Conclusions: A comprehensive evaluation and accurate diagnosis are important during the patient selection process for ECT. Setting treatment goals, recognizing illness severity, and treatment refractoriness are also important prerequisites. NM, TREAT, ADOL ER  - 
3.5 EMERGING NEUROTHERAPEUTICS FOR THE TREATMENT OF DEPRESSION IN CHILDREN, ADOLESCENTS, AND YOUNG ADULTS$$$ Objectives: Depression is a prevalent problem in youth with substantial morbidity, mortality, and societal challenges. Depressive symptoms in at least 40% or more of adolescents do not respond to standard interventions. Reoccurrences and residual symptoms are common and confer risk for substance use disorders, co-occurring conditions, and educational impairment. This presentation will review recent efforts to adapt and innovate novel therapeutics for the treatment of depression in youth. Methods: Paul E. Croarkin, DO, MS, a clinician researcher, will review recent research, clinical applications, and planned work focused on novel treatments for depression in youth. This will include discussions of transcranial electrical stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), ECT, magnetic seizure therapy, ketamine, and conceptual considerations for future work with psychedelic therapies. This interactive presentation will be tailored to address pertinent information for clinicians. Results: Transcranial electrical stimulation modalities have not been adequately studied in youth but may have practical advantages as adjuncts to evidence-based psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy. Dose-finding and biomarker development studies are underway to address optimal dosing of TMS in the context of a recent failed multicenter trial of 10 Hz dosing. Anecdotal experience suggests that some Asian and Latinx patients may prefer TMS interventions over standard treatments. ECT is a class II device for treating severe major depressive episodes associated with MDD or bipolar disorder in patients aged 13 years and older who are treatment resistant or who require a rapid response due to the severity of their psychiatric or medical condition. A recent randomized, double-blind trial demonstrated acute efficacy for ketamine treatment of depression in adolescents. A recent study of adolescents suggested that recreational use of psilocybin (but not LSD, 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine [MDMA], peyote, or mescaline) was associated with a decreased odds of lifetime suicidal thinking. Conclusions: Future research in neurotherapeutics for depression framed with caution and equipoise will benefit our patients and field. NM, DDD, R ER  - 
4.67 Risk Factor Analysis for Psychotic Disorder–Related Hospitalization in Children, Adolescents, and Transitional-Age Youth: Results From Nationwide Inpatient Study$$$ Objectives: Our study aims to identify predictive factors including demographics and comorbidities for psychotic disorders–related hospitalization in pediatric and transitional-age youth (TAY). Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study using the nationwide inpatient sample (NIS 2018-2019), and included 618,495 inpatients (ages 6-24 years) divided into 2 cohorts: psychotic disorders and other psychiatric illnesses. A logistic regression model was used to measure the OR of variables associated with psychotic disorders. Results: About 15% of total psychiatric inpatients were primarily hospitalized for psychotic disorders, and majorly were aged 18 to 24 (91%), male (68.9%), and identified as White (37.7%) and Black (35.8%). TAY (OR 17.2), males (OR 2.5), and those from low-income families (OR 1.16) had a higher likelihood of psychotic disorder–related hospitalization compared to their counterparts. Compared to the Whites, Blacks (OR 2.8) and Hispanics (OR 2.06) had higher odds of psychotic disorder hospitalization. Among comorbidities, stimulant-related disorders (OR 1.36) and epilepsy (OR 1.24) increased the likelihood of hospitalization for psychotic disorders, with the highest being in children ages 6 to 11 years old. Comorbidities including neurodevelopmental disorders, anxiety, and trauma-related disorders were not associated with increased odds of psychotic disorders hospitalization. Cannabis-related disorder had an increased odds of psychotic disorder hospitalization only in adolescents (OR 1.21). Conclusions: The higher likelihood of psychotic disorder–related hospitalization due to stimulant-related disorders and epilepsy in children under 11 years old, and cannabis-related disorders in adolescents, emphasize the need for specialized treatment approaches. ADOL, PSY, SZ ER  - 
3.28 Neuropsychiatric Manifestations of COVID-19 in Hospitalized Pediatrics: A Multicenter Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Objectives: COVID-19 patients have been associated with a large number of neuropsychiatric manifestations. Despite the high prevalence of COVID-19, few studies have examined such manifestations in children and adolescents. This study investigated neuropsychiatric manifestations in hospitalized children and adolescents admitted for COVID-19 infection in Iran. Methods: This national prospective observational study included admitted Iranian children and adolescents (4-18 years old) diagnosed with COVID-19 infection. Pediatric neurologists, child and adolescent psychiatrists, and infectious disease specialists assessed 375 infected patients during August and December 2021. Results: Of the 375 patients, 176 (47%) were female, with a mean age of 9.0 ± 3.39 years. Psychiatric and neurological manifestations were reported in 58 (15.5%) and 58 (15.5%) patients, respectively. The most prevalent psychiatric disorders were separation anxiety disorder (SAD, 5.1%), MDD (3.5%), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD, 2.7%), and insomnia (2.4%). Regarding neurological complications, seizures were the most prevalent (13.1%), followed by encephalitis (1.9%), transverse myelitis (0.3%), acute ischemic stroke (0.3%), and Guillain-Barre syndrome (0.3%). There was no significant relationship between the duration of COVID-19 infection (p =.54) and intensive care unit (ICU) admission (p =.44) with the emergence of psychiatric symptoms. Conclusions: The most prevalent neurologic and psychiatric complications among children and adolescents with COVID-19 infection were seizures and the symptoms of anxiety/mood disorders, respectively. CON ER  - 
Follow-Up After PICU Discharge for Patients With Acquired Brain Injury: The Role of an Abbreviated Neuropsychological Evaluation and a Return-to-School Program*$$$ OBJECTIVES: To present the results of an abbreviated testing protocol used to screen for neurocognitive and psychological sequelae of critical illness among PICU survivors with acquired brain injury in our post-discharge follow-up programs and describe our process for facilitating this population's return to academic life. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Neurocritical care follow-up programs at two U.S. academic, tertiary medical/surgical PICUs. PATIENTS: Children greater than 4 years old enrolled in the neurocritical care follow-up programs (n = 289) at these institutions who underwent neurocognitive and psychological testing between 2017 and 2021. INTERVENTIONS: None. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: One month after discharge from the hospital, nearly half of the children and/or their parents (48%) in our neurocritical care follow-up programs identified some type of emotional or behavioral concern compared to their premorbid state, and 15% reported some type of cognitive concern. On evaluation, 35% of the children were given a new neurocognitive diagnosis. Neurocognitive domains regulated by the executive functioning system were the most commonly affected, including attention (54%), memory (31%), and processing speed (27%). One-quarter of the children were given a new psychological diagnosis, most commonly post-traumatic stress disorder or stress-related symptoms (12%). Over 80% of patients in the programs were given new recommendations for school, for both new academic services and new classroom accommodations. Over half of children (57%) were referred for comprehensive follow-up neuropsychological evaluation. CONCLUSIONS: Abbreviated neurocognitive and psychological evaluation successfully identifies the same deficits commonly found among PICU survivors who undergo longer, more complete testing protocols. When combined with services aimed at successfully reintegrating PICU survivors back to school, this focused evaluation can provide an effective and efficient means of screening for cognitive and emotional deficits among PICU survivors and establish a rationale for early academic support upon the child's return to school. ER  - 
Phase II Trial of Atezolizumab Combined With Carboplatin and Pemetrexed for Patients With Advanced Nonsquamous Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer With Untreated Brain Metastases (Atezo-Brain, GECP17/05)$$$ PURPOSEThe Atezo-Brain study evaluated atezolizumab combined with chemotherapy in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with untreated brain metastases, a population traditionally excluded from trials.METHODSThis single-arm phase II clinical trial enrolled patients with advanced nonsquamous NSCLC with untreated brain metastases without neurologic symptoms or asymptomatic with medical treatment. Dexamethasone was allowed up to 4 mg once daily. Atezolizumab plus carboplatin and pemetrexed was given for four to six cycles followed by atezolizumab plus pemetrexed until progression for a maximum of 2 years. The primary end points were to determine the progression-free survival (PFS) rate at 12 weeks and the incidence of grade 3 adverse events during the first 9 weeks. Intracranial outcomes were assessed using response assessment in neuro-oncology brain metastases criteria.RESULTSForty patients were enrolled and 22 (55%) were receiving corticosteroids at baseline. The overall 12-week PFS rate was 62.2% (95% credibility interval [CrI], 47.1 to 76.2). The rate of grade 3/4 adverse events during the first 9 weeks was 27.5%. Most neurologic events were grade 1 and 2 but five patients (12.5%) experienced grade 3-4 neurologic events. With a median follow-up of 31 months, intracranial median PFS was 6.9 months and response rate was 42.7% (95% CrI, 28.1 to 57.9). Systemic median PFS was 8.9 months and response rate was 45% (95% CrI, 28.1 to 57.9). The median overall survival (OS) was 11.8 months (95% CI, 7.6 to 16.9) and the 2-year OS rate was 27.5% (95% CI, 16.6 to 45.5).CONCLUSIONAtezolizumab plus carboplatin and pemetrexed demonstrates activity in patients with advanced nonsquamous NSCLC with untreated brain metastases with an acceptable safety profile. ER  - 
YIELD OF SLEEP DEPRIVATION EEG IN SUSPECTED EPILEPSY. A RETROSPECTIVE STUDY$$$ Sleep is an activation procedure and is considered the most potent and best-documented modulator of seizures and interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs) on electroencephalogram (EEG). The precise role of sleep deprivation in the diagnostic process of epilepsy has not been fully clarified after more than 50 years of use. Sleep deprivation is a procedure that is accompanied by discomfort for patients and their families. Therefore, an accurate indication according to each patient-specific characteristic is needed. This study aims to assess the effectiveness of sleep deprivation EEG in the diagnostic process of patients with suspected epilepsy in our center. We included patients with a first unprovoked seizure and patients with paroxysmal events suspecting seizures who underwent a sleep deprivation EEG (sdEEG) or routine EEG (rEEG). All patients were subsequently classified with confirmed epilepsy or not. We included 460 patients. The group with sdEEG consisted of 115 patients, while the group with rEEG comprised 345 patients. In the sdEEG group, 19 patients (17%) were confirmed with epilepsy, of which 17 presented interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs). For the rEEG group, 66 patients (19%) were confirmed with epilepsy, of which 63 presented IEDs. The difference was not statistically significant. Our study failed to find a difference in the yield of sleep deprivation versus routine EEG in patients with epilepsy, but there are many significant confounders / sample biases that limit the generalizability of the findings, particularly to the majority of adult practices. Declaration of Interest Statement: None ER  - 
Non-epileptic psychogenic seizures: semiology in a patient’s cohort from a national reference epilepsy unit in Lima, Peru$$$ Objective: To describe the semiology of Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizures (PNES) in patients diagnosed by video-electroencephalogram (VEEG) in a national epilepsy center. Methods: An observational, descriptive, and retrospective study of patients older than 14 years, admitted for telemetry monitoring at the Epilepsy Unit of the National Hospital Edgardo Rebagliati Martins in Lima, Peru, between January 1st, 2017, and December 31, 2022. A definitive diagnosis of PNES was reached through VEEG. Results: Twenty of 26 studied patients were female and 6 male. Most patients experienced loss of posture with falls (92%), gradual onset (88%), some degree of altered consciousness or responsiveness during the event (73%). The most prevalent motor signs included asynchronous movements of the trunk and/or extremities (73%), fluctuation in motor activity (73%), global or limb tremors (54%), and forced eyelid closure (50%). Non-motor signs were predominantly subjective symptoms (34%). Most of the patients presented motor PNES (73%) compared to non-motor (12%) and mixed (15%). Conclusions: The described clinical events had a prolonged duration, gradual onset, and altered levels of consciousness/responsiveness. The most frequent clinical motor signs were asynchronous movements of the trunk and/or extremities, motor fluctuation, tremors, and forced eyelid closure. Non-motor findings were, primarily, subjective symptoms. Most of the patients presented motor PNES. ER  - 
Audit of Anaesthetic Management and Perioperative Complications of Patients Undergoing Awake Craniotomies at s Tertiary Care Centre in Western Rajasthan, India$$$ Background: Awake craniotomy (AC) is the intracranial surgical procedure performed on the eloquent brain areas. At the same time, the patient is deliberately kept awake for the mapping and functional testing of the cortex.1 Awake craniotomy is a challenging technique requiring skill, expertise, experience, cooperation, coordination, and commitment of the entire operation theatre (OT) team.2 Aims and Objectives: To audit the anesthetic management and perioperative complications of patients undergoing awake craniotomies at a tertiary care center. Methods: After approval from the institutional ethical committee, we took records of all the awake craniotomies performed at our center from 2017 to April 2023. Data was collected from institutional electronic medical records and patient files. A retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data was done. We evaluated the anesthetic management and perioperative complications encountered in these patients. We preferred the awake-awake-awake (AAA) technique. A preoperative operation theatre (OT) tour was done with all the patients, where the patients were asked to visit a neurosurgery OT a day or two before surgery. On the day of surgery, after taking informed written consent, the patients were shifted to OT, and standard ASA monitors were attached along with a BIS monitor. Before scalp block application, dexmedetomidine infusion was started at 0.4-0.7 mcg/kg/hr to keep BIS greater than 80. Before surgical pin insertion, fentanyl and propofol infusions started and titrated to maintain BIS 65-75. After opening the dura, fentanyl, and propofol were stopped, and patients were kept on dexmedetomidine infusion only to increase BIS 80. This kept the patients consciously sedated while following commands. Results: From 2017 till now, 20 cases of awake craniotomies have been done. • Out of 20 patients, 86% were males, and 14% were females. • The lesion site included 60% in the frontal, 27% in the parietal, and 13% in the insular areas. • Motor functions were assessed in 66.6% of patients, speech function in 13.3% of patients, and combined motor and speech areas were assessed in 20% of patients • Out of 20 patients, gross total resection was done in 26.6%, near-total resection in 33.3%, and subtotal resection in 40% of patients. • 53.3% of patients had low-grade glioma, 33.3% had highgrade glioma, and 13.3% of patients had cavernoma • The incidence of seizures in our cohort was 10% (2 patients out of 20) compared to 12% in the literature. The seizure episode was abolished after irrigating the surgical field with cold saline. • No patient underwent respiratory depression or airway obstruction intraoperatively. • None of our patients was required to be converted to general anesthesia. Conclusion: Anesthesia management for awake craniotomies is a safe practice in our institution as perioperative complications are less (incidence of seizures 10% compared to 12%) than mentioned in the literature. ER  - 
Prodrome in relapsing-remitting and primary progressive multiple sclerosis in an Argentinean cohort: Ten years before onset of the disease$$$ Introduction: Prodrome in clinical medicine refers to the early symptoms and signs of illness preceding the clinical onset of the disease. Degenerative processes in neurodegenerative diseases can start years before clinical manifestation, however the initial episode of MS is not clearly preceded by recognizable prodrome. In contrast, prodromal phases were already being recognized and accepted for other neurological diseases e.g. Parkinson. Objectives/Aims: Primary outcome: to evaluate the proportion of all-cause use of health care during ≤ 10 years that included all medical encounters, any hospital admission (inpatient and outpatient visits), physician claims. Secondary outcome: to determine if the different phenotypes of MS were related with a any prodrome. Methods: Retrospective/observational study from 300 clinical records of our hospital from 1995 to 12/2022. We identified people with Relapsing-MS (RRMS), Progressive-MS (PMS) and clinical isolated syndrome (CIS). We consider as prodrome: psychiatric disease (depression/anxiety/bipolar disorder/psychosis); headache, epilepsy, pain, cognitive impairment during scholarship, and other systemic disorders anaemia, metabolic or vascular symptom). We classified the time of registered prodrome: ≥10 y; ≥5-10 y; ≥1-<5 y; <1y. Results: The study included 300 patients, n=136p(45.4%) presented prodrome symptoms: RRMS n=105(77.2%); PMS n=20(14.7%), CIS n=11(8,1%).164p had not previous medical encounters. Mean age of prodrome:33y; Mean age at MS diagnosis:37y. Gender: F/M n=89(65.4%)/47(34.6%). Hypothyroidism: RRMS 15.24% vs PMS 5%; Depression: RRMS 12.38% vs PMS 25%; Anxiety RRMS 9,52% vs PMS 10%. P value=0.1357 between phenotypes and any prodrome. Conclusion: This is the first report from Argentina and we demonstrate that MS patients use more frequently the health care systems in the 10 years before a first demyelinating event, suggesting the existence of a measurable multiple sclerosis prodrome. Depression, anxiety, hypothyroidism and headache were the more frequent prodromes detected. These findings have clinical implications, including an earlier window of opportunity to identify the disease and potentially treat MS. ER  - 
Is there a prodrome to NMOSD? An investigation of neurologic symptoms preceding the first NMOSD attack$$$ Introduction: People with multiple sclerosis may experience a prodrome before the first attack or typical neurologic symptoms. It is unknown whether there may be a prodrome to aquaporin-4 antibody positive (AQP4+) neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD), although there are cases reported of positive AQP4 serology up to 16 years before the first attack. Objectives/Aims: To evaluate if patients with AQP4+ NMOSD have a prodrome of neurologic symptoms preceding the first NMOSD attack. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed medical records of patients from a single demyelinating disease centre in Toronto, Ontario who were enrolled in the Canadian NMOSD and other atypical demyelinating diseases cohort study (CANOPTICS). Included participants had a diagnosis of AQP4+ NMOSD by 2015 International Panel on NMO Diagnosis (IPND) criteria. We searched for neurologic symptoms occurring at least 30 days before the first attack. We excluded episodes where diagnosis was delayed but were retrospectively identified to be attacks consistent with 2015 criteria. Findings were summarized descriptively. Results: Out of 84 participants with AQP4+ NMOSD, 15 (17.9%) had prodromal neurologic symptoms. Their median age was 49 years (range 25-83) at NMOSD onset; 15 (100.0%) were female. Patients had a history of numbness (n=8), neuropathic pain (n=4), visual disturbance (n=3), tonic spasms (n=2), Lhermitte sign (n=2), severe headache (n=2), incoordination (n=2), weakness (n=1), psychosis (n=1), or seizure (n=1). Symptoms were constant (n=9) or intermittent (n=8), and 9 patients (60.0%) had more than one neurologic symptom. Patients underwent MRI brain (n=7), CT head (n = 6), or MRI spine (n=4). Five of 8 (62.5%) who underwent MRI had T2 hyperintense lesions which were not classic for NMOSD. Five patients (33.3%) had symptoms that persisted until their first attack, while 10 patients (66.7%) had complete resolution of symptoms with a total median symptom duration of 4 weeks (range 2 minutes-16 weeks). Within 1.5-152 months (median 12) patients experienced their first NMOSD attack with longitudinally extensive transverse myelitis (n=9), bilateral optic neuritis (n=2), unilateral optic neuritis (n=1), area postrema syndrome (n=1), brainstem/cerebellar syndrome (n=1), or cerebral syndrome with encephalopathy (n=1). Conclusion: Some people with NMOSD may experience a prodrome with neurologic symptoms before the first attack. These findings suggest that further systematic investigation of a possible NMOSD prodrome is warranted. ER  - 
Outcome and spectrum of neuropsychiatric manifestations in juvenile onset sle: Single centre experience from India$$$ Introduction: Juvenile onset systemic lupus erythematosus (JSLE) is a rare disease with significant morbidity and mortality. Though renal disease has received a lot of attention, neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations have been less studied. NPSLE has varied spectrum from minimal cognitive dysfunction to serious NP manifestations like stroke, and transverse myelitis. Methods: Retrospective review of case records of JSLE patients seen at a tertiary care rheumatology clinic over the last 25 years was done and patients having NPSLE were identified. Details of patients with NPSLE including demographic, clinical and laboratory data was retrieved from clinical file and hospital information system. Results: Among 338 JSLE patients seen over this period, 88 (26.03%) had NP manifestations. The mean age at presentation was 15.7 (range 8-18) years and among them 8 were boys. Seizures were present in 53 (60.22%), psychosis in 15 (17.04%), mood disorders in 12 (13.63%), headaches in 11 (12.50%) and transverse myelitis in 3 (3.40%) patients. Neuropathy was uncommon with 3 children having peripheral nerve mononeuropathy, 1 having polyneuropathy and 3 had cranial neuropathy. The most common SLE features in these patients were mucocutaneous manifestations in 79 (89.77%), musculoskeletal in 63 (71.59%) and nephritis in 62 (70.45%). Anti-dsDNA antibodies were present in 69 (78.40%) patients, anti-Sm in 12/41 (29.26%), anti-Ribosomal P in 8/51 (15.68%). Direct coombs test was positive in 25/63 (39.6%) patients while 6/65 patients (9.23%) had positive antiphospholipid antibodies. Most patients received corticosteroids along with immunosuppressive drugs besides supportive care. Nineteen patients did not follow up at our centre, in the remaining 69 at an average follow up of 6.6 years, 48 (69.6%) had no recurrence of NP features while 2 (2.9%) had recurrent seizures, 2 (2.9%) had intermittent psychotic episode and 2 (2.9%) had recurrent transverse myelitis. The NP manifestations led to morbidity in 4 (5.8%) patients [ residual moderate sensory neural hearing loss in 1, partial foot drop in 1, residual quadriparesis in 2 patients]. 4 patients died [2 due to status epilepticus, 2 due to non-neurological causes). Conclusion: NP manifestations occur in a quarter of patients with JSLE and in about 10% each, they are associated with recurrences and significant morbidity. ER  - 
JAKI OF ALL TRADES$$$ Introduction: Sarcoidosis affects approximately 1% of the population. Of these, up to one-third of patients will develop cutaneous manifestations. There are two situations where sarcoidosis can become life threatening; seizures secondary to neuro-sarcoidosis and arrhythmias due to cardiac infiltration. Currently, there are limited licensed therapies for the treatment of sarcoidosis. We describe a case of multi-system sarcoidosis whose extensive skin and pulmonary manifestations did not respond to conventional DMARDs and biologics requiring targeted therapies, in the context of recent military service. Case description: A 46-year-old male who worked as a Corporal in the Army presented with shortness of breath, blurry vision and painful red eyes to his local hospital. His symptoms had been ongoing for a few weeks prior to presentation. On examination he had reduced air entry in his lungs. His heart sounded regular; however, it was noted that he had erythema nodosum on his shins alongside tender nodular skin lesions on his elbows, feet and arms. He had synovitis in his MCPs and PIPs bilaterally. A chest X-ray demonstrated bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy and routine blood work was unremarkable. He was referred to the ophthalmologists who noted he had bilateral panuveitis with retinal vasculitis. His QuantiFERON, HIV and syphilis serology were negative; however, his hepatitis B core antibody was positive with a negative DNA. A skin biopsy confirmed non-necrotising granulomas and a subsequent HRCT demonstrated small volume bilateral pleural effusions, central mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy with micronodular changes. An EBUS confirmed non-necrotising, non-caseating epithelioid granulomas consistent with a diagnosis of sarcoidosis. He was commenced on a tapering dose of prednisolone (30mg to start with), hydroxychloroquine (400mg) and methotrexate (15mg). He remained well until the return of his lesions 24 months later. On assessment, his skin lesions had returned with dactylitis in his toes and synovitis in his wrists. Investigations revealed no improvement in his vital capacity and a markedly raised Il2Ra of 5739ng/L which was previously 2812ng/L (reference range 423-1843ng/L). A decision was made to commence infliximab (5mg/kg) to manage his inflammatory arthritis and cutaneous sarcoidosis. He remained well on infliximab for 6 months with the recurrence of his skin lesions requiring repeated courses of prednisolone (30mg). A CT-PET demonstrated active pulmonary and skin lesions. A decision to escalate his treatment was made. Discussion: Our patient had both biochemical and radiological evidence of cutaneous and pulmonary sarcoidosis affecting his quality of life both physically and psychologically. He has significant exertional breathlessness, skin lesions across his torso and abdomen, and scored highly for depression and anxiety on GAD7 and PHQ9 respectively. There are few therapies available for the management of sarcoidosis beyond TNF inhibitors; however, there are promising clinical trials for the use of tofacitinib in cutaneous sarcoidosis. Our patient demonstrated both a seronegative inflammatory arthritis alongside his sarcoidosis and a decision was made to commence tofacitinib 5mg twice daily. His baseline DAS-28 score was 5.81. His skin lesions have gradually resolved 8 weeks after starting treatment and he has had an improvement in his respiratory and musculoskeletal symptoms. This is a very promising initial result for a treatment currently undergoing clinical trial for use in sarcoidosis. It is likely that his occupational risk factors could have triggered the sarcoidosis initially. He worked as a Corporal in the Army including 3 tours to Iraq over a 5-year period and would have been exposed to unspecified particular matter. Presentations of sarcoidosis following military service have been described previously. Similarly, there was a large spike in incidence of pulmonary sarcoidosis reported following the collapse of the Twin Towers. This is thought to be related to the increase in aerosol particular matter following the disaster, triggering an immune response when inhaled in susceptible adults. This has the potential to have financial implications for the patient. Key learning points: Sarcoidosis remains a challenging disease to diagnose and manage given its heterogenicity, but has potentially fatal consequences if left untreated. There is no single diagnostic test. Presentation varies from innocent bystander with isolated lymph node disease, to developing high disease burden with systemic involvement. This case highlights the potential for environmental factors to trigger sarcoidosis in susceptible patients. JAK inhibitors are the latest development in the field of sarcoidosis. Currently the only recognised JAK inhibitor for the treatment of sarcoidosis is tofacitinib as it inhibits both interferon by JAK1 and G-CSF through JAK2/3. STAT1 has been isolated during immunohistological analysis of skin lesions in sarcoidosis which is inhibited by tofacitinib and forms the basis of its use in cutaneous sarcoidosis. The management of sarcoidosis in the acute setting is commonly prednisolone; however, steroid sparing therapies should be considered in patients needing recurrent, prolonged courses of corticosteroids or those with evidence of critical organ involvement such as CNS, cardiac or lung disease. Life threatening disease or disease refractory to DMARD therapy should be considered for anti-TNF therapy with infliximab or adalimumab. More recently, tofacitinib has been promising as a treatment for sarcoidosis as seen in this case with clinical trials underway in Yale and Portland. Newer therapies in development include the GM-CSF inhibitor namilumab, and efzofitimod, a neuropilin 2 inhibitor. ER  - 
Dissociative seizures in the emergency room: Room for improvement$$$ Background Dissociative seizures, also known as functional or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, account for 11%-27% of all emergency seizure presentations. Misdiagnosis as epileptic seizures is common and leads to ineffective and potentially harmful treatment escalations. We assess the potential for diagnostic improvement at different stages of emergency workup and estimate the utility of benzodiazepines. Methods A retrospective study of all emergency presentations with a discharge diagnosis of acute dissociative seizures seen at a university hospital 2010-2022 was performed to assess clinical characteristics and emergency decision-making. Results Among 156 patients (73% female, median 29 years), 15% presented more than once for a total of 203 presentations. Half of seizures were ongoing at first medical contact; prolonged seizures and clusters were common (23% and 24%). Diagnostic accuracy differed between on-site emergency physicians and emergency department neurologists (12% vs 52%). Typical features such as eye closure, discontinuous course and asynchronous movements were common. Benzodiazepines were given in two-thirds of ongoing seizures, often in high doses and preferentially for major hyperkinetic semiology. Clinical response to benzodiazepines was mixed, with a minority of patients remaining either unaffected (16%) or becoming critically sedated (13%). A quarter of patients given benzodiazepines by emergency medical services were admitted to a monitoring unit, 9% were intubated. Conclusions Improved semiological assessment could reduce early misdiagnosis of dissociative seizures. Although some seizures seem to respond to benzodiazepines, critical sedation is common, and further studies are needed to assess the therapeutic ratio. ER  - 
Prevalence and Predictors of Psychiatric Disorders in Patients with Epilepsy in a Tertiary Level Care Hospital$$$ Background: Common mental disorders are severe and frequent co-morbid psychiatric illnesses with epilepsy. Different study findings across the world showed that patients with epilepsy have a higher burden of mental disorders than the general population. However, these issues in patients with epilepsy have been consistently undiagnosed. Objectives: The study aimed to screen common mental disorders and the determinants among patients with epilepsy. Methods: An institutional-based cross-sectional study was conducted among patients with Epilepsy from March 10 to May 15, 2021. Patients were assessed for the risk of common mental disorders using a pretested, structured, self-reporting questionnaire (SRQ-20). The collected data were entered into Epi-data version 3.1 software and analyzed using R version 4.0 software. Descriptive statistics were computed using frequency, percent, mean, and standard deviations. A simple logistic regression model was fit to identify the association and strength of exploratory variables and common mental disorders at a 95% confidence interval and p-value < 0.05. Results: The study included 202 patients diagnosed with epilepsy and yielded a response of 91.4%. About 53% of the patients were males. The magnitude of common mental disorders among patients with epilepsy was 57.9% (95% CI: 44.56, 71.24). Being more than one substance user (AOR = 5.7; 95%CI: 1.6, 20.7) and Not having social support (AOR = 4.3; 95%CI: 1.5, 11.9) were the identified determinants of common mental disorders. Conclusion: The magnitude of common mental disorders among patients with epilepsy were high. Not having social support and khat chewing were the identified risk factors significantly associated with common mental disorders. Early screening and treatments are the key interventions to prevent complications and deaths from common mental disorders. ER  - 
Utilization of Antiseizure Medications in Women of Childbearing Age With Epilepsy and Nonepilepsy Indications: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Background and ObjectivesAntiseizure medications (ASMs) are among the most commonly prescribed teratogenic drugs in women of childbearing age. Limited data exist on utilization patterns across different indications for therapy and for the newer-generation ASMs in this population. Thus, we assessed the pattern of ASM use in women of childbearing age with epilepsy and nonepilepsy indications (pain and psychiatric disorders).MethodsWe conducted a retrospective analysis of deidentified administrative data submitted to the Optum Clinformatics database. Eligible participants included women aged 12-50 years who filled ASMs between year 2011 and 2017. Participants were followed from date of index prescription filled to study end or insurance disenrollment, whichever came first. For the overall cohort and potential therapy indications, we assessed the type and frequency of ASMs filled; proportion of participants on monotherapy, polytherapy, or treatment switching; and duration of continuous use. Trends were characterized using annual percent change from study start to study end.ResultsOur analysis included 465,131 participants who filled 603,916 distinct ASM prescriptions. At baseline, most of the participants had chronic pain (51.0%) and psychiatric disorders (32.7%), with epilepsy the least common (0.9%). The most frequently dispensed were diazepam (24.3%), lorazepam (20.1%), gabapentin (17.4%), clonazepam (12.7%), topiramate (11.3%), and lamotrigine (4.6%). Significant linear increase in trends were observed with gabapentin (annual percent change [95% CI]: 8.4 [7.3-9.4]; p < 0.001) and levetiracetam (3.4 [0.7-6.2]; p = 0.022) and decreasing trends for diazepam (-3.5 [-2.4 to 4.5]; p < 0.001) and clonazepam (-3.4 [-2.3 to 4.5]; p = 0.001). No significant change in trend was observed with valproate (-0.4 [-2.7 to 1.9]; p = 0.651), while nonlinear changes in trends were observed with lorazepam, topiramate, lamotrigine, and pregabalin.DiscussionDecreasing trends were observed with older ASMs in the overall cohort and across the potential indications for therapy. Conversely, increasing trends were seen with the newer ASMs. Considering the risk of teratogenicity associated with the newer medications largely unknown, counseling and education in addition to a careful consideration of the benefits vs potential risks should remain pivotal when prescribing ASMs for women of childbearing age. ER  - 
Implant Survival in Tissue-Engineered Mandibular Reconstruction—Early Experiences$$$ Study Design: This article is to evaluate the early outcomes of dental implants placed in bone generated with tissueengineering techniques, specifically recombinant human bone morphogenic protein-2 (rhBMP-2), allogeneicbone particulate, and bone marrow aspirate concentrate (BMAC) in patients with resection of benignpathology. Objective: To evaluate the long-term prognosis of dental implants placed in tissue engineered mandibular reconstruction. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated 12 patient records, all of whom underwent segmental mandibular resection of benign pathology and reconstruction with a combination of BMAC, rhBMP-2, and allogeneic bone. Collecteddata points included the patient's age, gender, medical and social histories, implant site and placement date, resection/reconstruction date, final prosthesis, pathology resected, and follow-up dates (average 25 monthsof follow-up). Implant success was defined as clinical osseointegration (immobility), absence of peri-implantradiolucency, and absence of infection. Results: Twelve patients met inclusion criteria with a total of 46 implants. The overall implant survival rate was 91.3%. There were 4 implant failures occurring in two patients: 1 failure in Patient 3 and 3 failures in Patient 8. Neitherpatient had any existing medical comorbidities or social history known to increase the risk for implant failure. The average implant placement occurred 11.6 months after mandibular reconstruction. Conclusions: Preliminary findings of implant placement in bone generated with tissue engineering techniques have shown to be another predictable alternative for orofacial rehabilitation. Practical Implications: Dental rehabilitationusing dental implants is a predictable treatment option for patients that have required reconstruction of largebony defects status post resection of benign pathology using novel tissue engineering techniques. ER  - 
White Matter Hyperintensities and Poststroke Apathy: A Fully Automated MRI Segmentation Study$$$ Poststroke apathy (PSA) is a common neuropsychiatric disorder that may affect up to 30% of stroke patients. Despite the difficulties of investigating this condition (overlapping with depression, heterogeneity of diagnostic criteria, a small number of studies), some recent diffusion tensor imaging studies have suggested that widespread microstructural white matter (WM) disruption plays a key role in the development of PSA. Therefore, we intended to investigate this hypothesis by evaluating the relationship between WM hyperintensities (WMH) and apathy in patients with cerebrovascular disease. Methods: We studied patients with apathy (n = 7), depression (n = 13), comorbid apathy and depression (n = 13), and controls (n = 20), and we investigated the variables associated with the volume of WMH measured by an automated brain MRI segmentation software. Results: The overall prevalence of PSA was 37.7% (pure and comorbid). Patients with apathy presented a higher volume of WMH in comparison to controls. Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), NPI-A, and the number of cerebral microbleeds were the only variables associated with WMH. Conversely, NPI-D did not correlate to WMH. Discussion/Conclusion: This is an exploratory study that supports the view of PSA as a distinct syndrome from PSD mediated mainly by diffuse white matter hyperintensities, which suggests that WM disruption is an important pathway to the development of apathy in stroke patients. ER  - 
Practice of immediate sequential bilateral cataract surgery (ISBCS): A teaching hospital experience in United Kingdom$$$ Background / Objectives: Utilisation of ISBCS has been encouraged since COVID-19 in line with the RCOphth recommendations. This study aims to share experience from a UK teaching hospital on ISBCS and to evaluate pre-, intra- and post-operative outcomes from the ISBCS cohort. Methods: Of 3402 cataract surgeries performed between July 2020 and July 2021 (1 year since the reopening of the cataract service from COVID-19), 208 eyes of 104 patients (6.1%) undergoing ISBCS were retrospectively studied on their demographics, biometry, surgeon grades, and pre-, intra- and post-operative data. Results: The mean age was 74.5 ± 9.4 years and 62% were female. Eighty-nine percent of the eyes were performed under local anaesthesia and 70% were ‘routine’ cases. Other risk factors included: short eyes requiring pre-operative mannitol infusion (10%), high myopia (8%), poor dilation (2%) and a ‘glaucoma’ cohort [angle closure (2%) and prior trabeculectomy (1%)]. Three eyes (1%) had complications intra-operatively in second eye (1 case each: posterior capsule rupture, corneal oedema and zonular dehiscence). Two patients (1%) had complications in the first eye (1 case each: suprachoroidal haemorrhage, conjunctival & iris haemorrhage), hence had their second eye postponed. Twelve months post-operatively, 20 eyes (10%) had recorded post-op complications with cystoid macular oedema being the commonest (4.5%) and no endophthalmitis. Eighty-six percent were discharged with satisfaction. No significant differences were found in pre-operative features, complication rates and post-operative outcomes between consultant and non-consultant surgeons (p > 0.05). Conclusions: Our experience which included a cohort of high-risk patients showed safe and successful practice of ISBCS without having a negative impact on training. ER  - 
Factors and Labor Cost Savings Associated with Successful Pediatric Imaging without Anesthesia: a Single-Institution Study$$$ Rationale and Objectives: In pediatric imaging, sedation is often necessary to obtain diagnostic quality imaging. We aim to quantify patient and imaging-specific factors associated with successful pediatric scans without anesthesia and to evaluate labor cost savings associated with our institutional Scan Without Anesthesia Program (SWAP). Materials and Methods: Patients who participated in SWAP between 2019-2022 were identified. Chart review was conducted to obtain sociodemographic and clinical information. Radiology database was used to obtain scan duration, modality/body part of examination, and administration of contrast. Mann-Whitney U and Chi-Square tests were used for univariate analysis of factors associated with success. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate independent contributions to success. Associated hospital labor cost savings were estimated using salary information obtained through publicly available resources. Results: Of 731 patients, 698 had successful and 33 had unsuccessful scans (95% success rate). In univariate analysis, older age, female sex, absence of developmental delay, and administration of contrast were significantly associated with successful scans. Multivariate analyses revealed that older age, female sex, and absence of developmental delay were significant independent factors lending toward success. Imaging-related factors were not associated with outcome in multivariate analysis. Estimated labor cost savings were $139,367.80 per year for the medical center. Conclusion: SWAP had an overall success rate of 95%. Older age, absence of developmental delay, and female sex were independently significantly associated with successful outcome. Cost analysis reveals substantial labor cost savings to the institution compared with imaging under anesthesia. ER  - 
Tumefactive brain parenchymal neurosarcoidosis$$$ Background: Enhancing brain parenchymal disease, and especially tumefactive lesions, are an uncommon manifestation of neurosarcoidosis. Little is known about the clinical features of tumefactive lesions and their impact on management and outcomes, which this study aims to characterize. Methods: Patients with pathologically-confirmed sarcoidosis were retrospectively reviewed and included if brain lesions were: (1) intraparenchymal, (2) larger than 1 cm in diameter, and (3) associated with edema and/or mass effect. Results: Nine patients (9/214, 4.2%) were included. Median onset age was 37 years. Diagnosis was confirmed by brain parenchymal biopsies in 5 (55.6%). Median modified Rankin scale (mRS) score was 2 (range 1–4) at initial presentation. Common manifestations included headache (77.8%), cognitive dysfunction (66.7%), and seizures (44.4%). Sixteen lesions were present in 9 patients. The frontal lobe (31.3%) was most affected, followed by the subinsular region (12.5%), basal ganglia (12.5%%), cerebellum (12.5%), and pons (12.5%). MRI characteristics of the dominant lesions included spherical morphology (77.8%), perilesional edema (100.0%), mass effect (55.6%), well-demarcated borders (66.7%), and contrast enhancement (100.0%; 55.6% heterogeneous). Leptomeningitis was frequently present (77.8%). All required corticosteroid-sparing treatments, and most (55.6%) needed at least a third line of treatment (infliximab used in 44.4%). All patients relapsed (median 3 relapses, range 1–9). Median last mRS was 1.0 after median follow-up of 86 months, with significant residual deficits in 55.6%. Conclusion: Tumefactive brain parenchymal lesions are uncommon, usually affect the supratentorial brain along with leptomeningitis, and are refractory to initial treatments with a high risk of relapse. Significant sequelae were encountered despite a favorable median last mRS. ER  - 
Functional neurological disorder is common in patients attending chronic pain clinics$$$ Background and purpose: Chronic pain is a common comorbidity in those with functional neurological disorder (FND); however, the prevalence and characteristics of FND in those with chronic pain is unknown. Methods: A retrospective electronic records review was made of consecutive new patients attending a chronic pain clinic of a regional service. Clinical features, medication for and outcome of chronic pain, any lifetime diagnoses of functional disorders, FND, and psychiatric disorders, and undiagnosed neurological symptoms were recorded. Results: Of 190 patients attending the chronic pain clinic, 32 (17%) had a lifetime diagnosis of FND and an additional 11 (6%) had undiagnosed neurological symptoms. Pain patients with comorbid FND were more likely to have chronic primary pain (88% with FND, 44% without FND, p < 0.0001), widespread chronic primary pain (53%, 15%, p < 0.00001), and depression (84%, 52%, p < 0.005) and less likely to have a pain-precipitating event (19% vs. 56%, p < 0.001). However, there was no significant difference between these patients in opiate prescription, benzodiazepine prescription, or pain outcome. Conclusions: This first study of FND in a chronic pain patient population found a remarkably high prevalence of FND (17%) and is possibly an underestimation. The size of the overlap indicates that FND and chronic pain research fields are likely to have a lot to learn from each other. ER  - 
Late but not early seizures impact negatively early post stroke recovery: A case-control study$$$ Background: Seizures are a frequent complication of strokes. The initial severity of the stroke is a risk factor for both seizure occurrence and poor functional recovery. Aim: To determine whether epilepsy has a negative impact on functional recovery or is just a proxy for the initial severity of the stroke. Patients and methods: We conducted a monocentric retrospective case-control study in 408 consecutive patients hospitalized in the neurological rehabilitation department of the Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital for rehabilitation of a recent stroke between 1999 and 2019. We matched 1:1 stroke patients with and without seizures according to numerous variables that may influence the outcome: type of stroke (ischemic vs hemorrhagic (ICH)), type of endovascular treatment performed (thrombolysis, thrombectomy), exact location of the stroke (arterial territory for ischemic strokes, lobar territory for ICH), extent of the stroke, side of the stroke, and age at the time of stroke. Two criteria were used to judge the impact on neurological recovery: the change in modified Rankin score between entry and the discharge from the rehabilitation department, and the length of stay. Seizures were divided into early (within 7 days of stroke) and late (after 7 days) seizures. Results: We accurately matched 110 stroke patients with and without seizures. Compared to seizure-free matched stroke patients, stroke patients with late seizures had a poorer neurological functional recovery in terms of Rankin score evolution (p = 0.011*) and length of stay (p = 0.004*). The occurrence of early seizures had no significant impact on functional recovery criteria. Conclusion: Late seizures, that is, stroke-related epilepsy, have a negative impact on early rehabilitation, whereas early symptomatic seizures do not negatively impact functional recovery. These results reinforce the recommendation not to treat early seizures. ER  - 
Assessment of self-stigma in epilepsy: Validation of the German version Epilepsy Self-Stigma Scale (ESSS-G)$$$ Objective: Self-stigma is the internalization of unfavorable public perceptions, which people with epilepsy (PWE) frequently experience. PWE with strong self-stigma have low self-esteem and are less likely to engage in treatment behavior. The Epilepsy Self-Stigma Scale (ESSS) has been developed and validated in Japan. We translated the ESSS into German for this study to examine its reliability and validity. Methods: We created the German version of ESSS (ESSS-G) based on the original Japanese version. From May to October 2022, we recruited out- and inpatients from Bethel Epilepsy Centre, University Hospital for Epileptology, for psychometric evaluation. Inclusion criteria were an age of ≥18 years, sufficient reading and speaking skills in German, and the ability to comprehend the German questionnaires. Participants also completed the Rosenberg Self-Esteem Scale (RSES), Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E), Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7 (GAD-7), Epilepsy Knowledge Scale, and items on “overall quality of life (QOL)” and “overall health” (items from QOLIE-31). Results: One hundred twenty-eight of 146 patients asked to participate granted informed consent and completed the study questionnaire (87.7% response rate). 115 cases were analyzed since 13 did not match the inclusion criteria. The analysis revealed a single factor explaining 49.2% of the total variance. All factor loadings were >0.40, and the reliability was high (Cronbach's α = 0.80). Higher ESSS total scores were associated with higher anxiety (GAD-7, r = 0.54, P < 0.001) and depression (NDDI-E, r = 0.45, P < 0.001), lower self-esteem (RSES, r = −0.41, P < 0.001), overall QOL (r = −0.40, P < 0.001), and overall health (r = −0.35, P < 0.001), but not with knowledge about epilepsy (r = 0.03, P = 0.770). In Germany, females, younger individuals, patients with earlier seizure onset, and those with generalized epilepsy had significantly higher self-stigma. Significance: The German version of the ESSS proved reliable and valid. It allows to evaluate the efficacy of treatment strategies in lowering self-stigma and conducting intercultural comparisons of epilepsy self-stigma. ER  - 
Fractures in people with epilepsy: A nationwide population-based cohort study$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the age, gender, and site-specific prevalence of fractures in people with epilepsy (PWE) and matched general population comparators in a nationwide study in North Macedonia between 2015 and 2018. Methods: PWE and matched controls were selected through a systematic search of the electronic National Health System (eNHS). We determined the period prevalence (PP) of all site-specific fractures. We also calculated gender and age-specific incidence rate ratios (IRR) for various fractures. Odds ratios (ORs) and risk ratios (RR) were estimated for the number and type of ASM as well as comorbid conditions. Results: Out of 13 818 prevalent epilepsy cases, 6383 (46.2%) were females, and 7435 (53.8%) were males. 109 PWE out of 1000 had at least one fracture during the study period and ~8 people out of 1000 in the general population. The most frequent sites in terms of PP both in PWE and controls, were fractures of the lower arm, hip and femur, and lower leg. Significant differences in PP for all fracture locations were observed between PWE and controls (P < 0.001). The noticeable differences of ∼100 times higher PP were observed for fractures of the skull and jaw in PWE. IRR of any fracture in PWE was 272.84/10 000 person-years; higher in the older age groups and among people who received >2 ASM. Fracture risk was increased with the use of >2 ASM (OR: 1.56; 95% CI: 1.32-1.84 and RR: RR: 1.32). The presence of comorbidities also increased fractures risk (OR: 1.24; 95% CI: 1.10-1.38). Significance: This population-based study depicts a higher fracture prevalence in PWE compared to the general population. A higher number of ASM and the presence of comorbidities increase the risk of fractures and targeted prevention might be needed in those subgroups of PWE. ER  - 
The clinical spectrum associated with ATP1A2 variants in Chinese pediatric patients$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the clinical spectrum associated with ATP1A2 variants in Chinese children with hemiplegia, migraines, encephalopathy or seizures. Methods: Sixteen children (12 males and 4 females), including ten patients with ATP1A2 variants whose cases had been published previously, were identified using next-generation sequencing. Results: Fifteen patients had FHM2 (familial hemiplegic migraine type 2), including three who had AHC (alternating hemiplegia of childhood) and one who had drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Thirteen patients had DD (developmental delay). The onset of febrile seizures, which occurred between 5 months and 2 years 5 months (median 1 year 3 months) was earlier than the onset of HM (hemiplegic migraine), which occurred between 1 year 5 months and 13 years (median 3 years 11 months). Disturbance of consciousness subsided first, at 40 h to 9 days (median 4.5 days); hemiplegia and aphasia were resolved slowly, taking 30 min to 6 months (median 17.5 days) for the former and 24 h to over 1 year (median 14.5 days) for the latter. Cranial MRI showed edema in the cerebral hemispheres, mainly the left hemisphereacute attacks. All thirteen FHM2 patients recovered to baseline in 30 min to 6 months. Fifteen patients had between 1 and 7 (median 2) total attacks between the baseline and follow-up timepoints. We report twelve missense variants, including a novel variant ATP1A2 variant, p.G855E. Conclusions: The known genotypic and phenotypic spectra of Chinese patients with ATP1A2-related disorders were further expanded. Recurrent febrile seizures and DD combined with paroxysmal hemiplegia and encephalopathy should raise the clinical suspicion of FHM2. The avoidance of triggers and thus the prevention of attacks may be the most effective therapy for FHM2. ER  - 
Adverse cutaneous reactions to psychotropic drugs$$$ Introduction: Psychotropic drugs are not devoid of side effects, especially cutaneous reactions, some of which are severe, and can jeopardize functional and life prognosis. The Aim of this study is to highlight the epidemiological and clinical features of severe cutaneous adverse reactions (SCARs) due to psychotropic drugs. Materials and methods: We carried out a retrospective study over a period of 10 years, It concerned all patients hospitalized in our dermatology department for SCARs induced by psychotropic drugs. The imputability was confirmed by the French methodology of Bégaud et al. Results: We identified 41 cases, of which 18 patients (43.9%) were being treated with psychotropic drugs for the first time. The most incriminated psychotropic drugs were: carbamazepine (n = 16), phenobarbital (n = 8), lamotrigine (n = 5). Clinical forms were: drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms syndrome (n = 30), Stevens–Johnson syndrome (n = 4), overlap syndrome (n = 1), drug-induced vasculitis (n = 4), symmetrical drug-related intertriginous and flexural exanthema syndrome (n = 1), photosensitivity (n = 1). Complications were as follows: hepatic cytolysis (75%), cholestasis (60%), functional renal failure (43%). Carbamazepine was statistically correlated with renal damage and cholestasis (P = 0.013) and phenobarbital was associated with a risk of hepatic cytolysis (P = 0.027). Conclusion: Cutaneous side effects to psychotropic drugs remain rare < 2%. In our study, we found that rapid or recent increase in dose of anticonvulsants, or the combination of several psychotropic drugs is the most common cause of SCARs. We also found that carbamazepine was more likely to cause renal damage and cholestasis, whereas chlorpromazine was statistically correlated with hepatic cytolysis. ER  - 
Using machine learning approach to predict depression and anxiety among patients with epilepsy in China: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Anxiety and depression are the most prevalent comorbidities among epilepsy patients. The screen and diagnosis of anxiety and depression are quite important for the management of patients with epilepsy. In that case, the method for accurately predicting anxiety and depression needs to be further explored. Methods: A total of 480 patients with epilepsy (PWE) were enrolled in our study. Anxiety and Depressive symptoms were evaluated. Six machine learning models were used to predict anxiety and depression in patients with epilepsy. Receiver operating curve (ROC), decision curve analysis (DCA) and moDel Agnostic Language for Exploration and eXplanation (DALEX) package were used to evaluate the accuracy of machine learning models. Results: For anxiety, the area under the ROC curve was not significantly different between models. DCA revealed that random forest and multilayer perceptron has the largest net benefit within different probability threshold. DALEX revealed that random forest and multilayer perceptron were models with best performance and stigma had the highest feature importance. For depression, the results were much the same. Conclusions: Methods created in this study may offer much help identifying PWE with high risk of anxiety and depression. The decision support system may be valuable for the everyday management of PWE. Further study is needed to test the outcome of applying this system to clinical settings. ER  - 
Safety and Efficacy of Long-Term Deutetrabenazine Use in Children and Adolescents with Tics Associated with Tourette Syndrome: An Open-Label Extension Study$$$ Background: Tourette syndrome (TS) is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by motor and phonic tics. Objective: To assess the safety and efficacy of deutetrabenazine (Teva Neuroscience, Inc, Parsippany, NJ), a vesicular monoamine transporter 2 inhibitor, in children and adolescents with TS. Methods: Alternatives for Reducing Tics in TS (ARTISTS) open-label extension (OLE) (NCT03567291) was a 54-week, global, phase 3, open-label extension study of deutetrabenazine (6–48 mg daily) conducted May 28, 2018 to April 3, 2020 with a 2-week randomized withdrawal period. Participants (6–16 years of age) had TS and active tics causing distress or impairment. Safety (primary outcome) was assessed by treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and clinical laboratory testing. Efficacy was measured by the Yale Global Tic Severity Scale-Total Tic Score (YGTSS-TTS). Results: The intent-to-treat population (228 participants; mean age, 12.0 years; 79.8% male; 86.4% white) had a median (range) duration of exposure of 28.4 (0.3–52.9) weeks. Of 227 participants in the safety analysis, 161 (70.9%) reported ≥1 TEAE (exposure-adjusted incidence rate, 2.77/patient-year), of which 95 (41.9%) were treatment related. The most frequently reported TEAEs were headaches, somnolence, nasopharyngitis, weight increases, and anxiety. No additional safety signals were observed. Worsening of YGTSS-TTS after the 2-week randomized withdrawal was not statistically significant (least squares mean difference, −0.4; P = 0.78). Several exploratory measures showed sustained improvement throughout the treatment periods. Conclusions: In this long-term, open-label trial, deutetrabenazine was well tolerated with low frequency of TEAEs. There was no significant difference in tics between treatment arms during the 2-week randomized withdrawal period, however, descriptive statistics and comparison with baseline showed a numeric improvement in tics, quality of life, and other measures. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric Function Improvement in Pediatric Patients with Phenylketonuria$$$ Objective: To evaluate effects of sapropterin dihydrochloride on blood phenylalanine (Phe) and symptoms of neuropsychiatric impairment in children and adolescents with phenylketonuria (PKU). Study design: PKU subjects 8-17 years of age (n = 86) were randomized to double-blind treatment with sapropterin (n = 43) or placebo (n = 43) for 13 weeks, then all received open-label sapropterin therapy for an additional 13 weeks. Blood Phe and symptoms of inattention, hyperactivity/impulsivity (Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale IV [ADHD RS-IV]), executive functioning (Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function), depression (Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression), and anxiety (Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety) were assessed. Results: Following the 13-week randomization phase, the sapropterin and placebo groups had mean changes in blood Phe of −20.9% and +2.9%, respectively. Corresponding least square mean differences in ADHD RS-IV scores were significantly greater for the sapropterin vs the placebo group: Total (−3.2 points, P = .02), Inattention subscale (−1.8 points, P = .04), and Hyperactivity/Impulsivity subscale (−1.6 points, P = .02). Forest plots favored sapropterin treatment over placebo for all ADHD RS-IV and Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function indices. There were no significant differences in reported problems with attention or executive function between the 2 groups at baseline or at week 26 following the 13-week open-label treatment period. Anxiety and depression scores did not differ significantly between cohorts at any time. Sapropterin was well tolerated, with a favorable safety profile. Conclusions: Sapropterin reduced blood Phe and was associated with significant improvement in parent-reported symptoms of inattention, hyperactivity/impulsivity, and executive functioning in children and adolescents with PKU. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01114737. Registered 27 April 2010, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01114737. ER  - 
Epilepsy surgery in patients with hypothalamic hamartomas – Population-based two-year and long-term outcomes$$$ Objective: Hypothalamic hamartomas are benign lesions associated with drug resistant epilepsy. Surgical treatment has become an increasingly utilised approach with promising results. This study aims to evaluate seizure outcome and complications after surgery in a population-based series of patients with intractable epilepsy and hypothalamic hamartoma. Methods: All patients with hypothalamic hamartoma treated with epilepsy surgery in Sweden since 1995 with at least two years of follow-up were included. Preoperative, two-, five- and ten-year prospective longitudinal data were collected from The Swedish National Epilepsy Surgery Register. Data included seizure types and frequency, duration of epilepsy, clinical characteristics, neurological deficits, cognitive level and complications. In a subgroup from Gothenburg, we also analysed data not included in the register such as classification of hamartomas, surgical procedures and gelastic seizures. Results: Eighteen patients were operated on during the period 1995–2020. The median age at epilepsy onset was 6 months and age at surgery 13 years. Four were seizure free and another four had ≥75% reduction in seizure frequency at the two-year follow-up. Two of the 13 patients with a long-term follow-up (five or ten years) were seizure-free and four had ≥75% reduction in seizure frequency. Three had an increased seizure frequency. No major complications were seen. Five had minor complications. In the Gothenburg subgroup all had open pterional disconnection or intraventricular endoscopic disconnection. Six of 12 were free from gelastic seizures at the two-year follow-up and six of eight at the long-term follow-up. Conclusion: This study supports surgical treatment of hypothalamic hamartomas as a safe method with a low risk of permanent complications. The seizure reduction seems to be persistent over time. ER  - 
Social and Medical Characteristics of Neonates Who Were Abandoned in a Tertiary Maternity Hospital in Turkey$$$ Objective: This study aimed to investigate the characteristics of neonates who were abandoned in a tertiary maternity hospital and to determine the accompanying morbidities. Materials and Methods: This hospital-based, retrospective descriptive study was conducted by evaluating the medical records between 2012 and 2019 in a tertiary hospital in İzmir. Results: During the study period, there were 76 women who left their babies in the hospital following delivery. Median age of the mothers was 23 (range 12-44) years. Among them, 31.5% (n = 24) were below 18 years of age. Seventy-three of the pregnancies (96%) were unwanted, 67 of the mothers were unmarried (88.16%), of which 17 revealed a history of rape (22.36%), and 2 of them were victims of incest (2.63%). Thirty-six (47.36%) neonates were female and 36 of them (47.36%) were delivered by cesarean section. The mean gestational age was 37.3 ± 2.2 weeks and the mean birth weight was 2927 ± 572 g. Twenty-one (27.63%) babies were born prematurely and 15 (19.73%) had low birth weight. Four babies (5.26%) had hypoglycemia, 3 (3.94%) had hyponatremia, 5 (6.57%) had hypocalcemia, and 3 (3.94%) had hypomagnesemia. Conclusion: Unwanted pregnancies were found to be one of the key reasons for newborn abandonment and linked to a higher risk of complications for both mother and child. To prevent unintended pregnancy and its negative effects, it is important to ensure that all adolescents have access to high-quality education in a safe and supportive learning environment, school-based health services, and increase access to contraceptive services, including emergency contraception and safe and legal abortion services. ER  - 
Reasons for Encounters and Comorbidities in Adolescents with Intellectual Disability in General Practice: A Retrospective Analysis of Data from the Ask Study$$$ Adolescents with intellectual disability have substantial health needs. This retrospective analysis of data from the Ask Study describes reasons for primary care encounters and the prevalence and incidence of chronic physical and mental conditions among a cohort of community-dwelling adolescents with intellectual disability. Participants attended secondary schools in southern Queensland, Australia. Primary care data were extracted from primary care records. Demographic and health information was collected using carer-completed questionnaires. Reasons for primary care encounters, disease prevalence at age 16 years, and disease incidence through adolescence were reported. Data were obtained for 432 adolescents with intellectual disability (median follow-up: 4.1 years). Skin problems (29.4 per 100 encounters) were the most common reason patients presented for primary care, followed by psychological and behavioural problems (14.4 per 100 encounters) and musculoskeletal problems (13.8 per 100 encounters). Conditions with the highest prevalence were autism spectrum disorder (18.6%) and asthma (18.1%). The prevalence of epilepsy, visual impairment, and cerebral palsy were 14.7, 11.1, and 8.0%, respectively. Gastroesophageal reflux had the highest incidence (9.4 cases per 1000 person-years). Adolescents with intellectual disability have significant healthcare needs, which general practitioners need to be aware of and address. Study findings should inform the development of training programs for general practitioners. ER  - 
Paroxysmal nonepileptic events in children and adolescents admitted to the epilepsy monitoring unit: A retrospective study$$$ Several patients are referred to the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) to evaluate episodic events that can be challenging to differentiate from epileptic events. The current study aimed to determine the prevalence of non-epileptic events (NEEs) among children and adolescents admitted to the EMU, and the clinical and demographic features of such events. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated all patients aged 18 years and below who were admitted to the EMU of King Fahad Medical City, Riyadh, KSA, from January 2014 to March 2020. Results: The prevalence of NEEs in children & adolescents admitted to the EMU was 25%. Psychogenic events (PNESs, 30%) were the most common type. Movement disorders occurred more often in younger age group, while migraine was seen more often in school-aged children. Conclusion: The prevalence of NEEs was 25%, and this result is similar to that reported in the literature. The distribution of events is mainly based on age. Clinical and video-based assessments are essential in identifying such events to prevent unnecessary treatment with anti-seizure medications. ER  - 
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in patients with seizures: Functional seizures vs. epilepsy$$$ Background: We investigated the rates of positive screening for attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults with seizures [i.e., focal epilepsy vs. idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE) vs. functional seizures (FS)]. We hypothesized that the rates of positive screening for ADHD are different between these three groups of patients. Methods: This was a cross sectional study. Patients, 19 to 55 years of age, with a diagnosis of IGE, focal epilepsy or FS were investigated at the outpatient epilepsy clinic at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz, Iran, from September 2022 until January 2023 and during their follow-up visits. We used the validated Persian version of Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS v1.1)15 to investigate and screen for ADHD in these patients. Results: Forty patients with focal epilepsy, 40 with IGE, and 40 with FS were included. Attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) screening was positive in 35% of patients with FS, in 30% of those with focal epilepsy (compared with FS, p = 0.633), and in 10% of patients with IGE (compared with FS, p = 0.007). Conclusion: Adult patients with functional seizures and those with focal epilepsy are at a high risk of self-reporting experiences that could be characteristic of ADHD. Screening tools [e.g., Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS v1.1)] are useful to help clinicians address seizure comorbidities such as ADHD. However, a clinical diagnosis of ADHD should be ascertained in a patient with positive screening. ER  - 
Long-term follow-up of phenobarbital versus valproate for generalized convulsive status epilepticus in adults: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Objective: Intravenous phenobarbital is frequently offered to patients with generalized convulsive status epilepticus (GCSE) in China, but its long-term benefits are unclear. We aimed to evaluate the long-term effects of intravenous phenobarbital on adult patients with GCSE. Methods: This randomized clinical trial with a 12-month follow-up was performed in Xuanwu Hospital, Capital Medical University (Beijing, China) between February 2011 and December 2021. After the failure of intravenous diazepam treatment, adult patients with GCSE were randomized to receive either intravenous phenobarbital or valproate. Neurological outcome within 12-month was dichotomized as good (modified Rankin scale, mRS 0–2) or poor (mRS 3–6). Cognitive function was measured by mini-mental state examination (MMSE) and Montreal cognitive assessment (MoCA). Hamilton anxiety scale (HAMA) and Hamilton depression scale (HAMD) were tested for mood disorders. Results: We consecutively recruited 166 patients with GCSE. After excluding individuals with termination after intravenous diazepam (n = 61), and with other exclusion criteria (n = 7), 98 patients were included and 88.0% (66/75) of survivors achieved seizure freedom at 12-month. Forty-five patients (45.92%) had good outcomes at 3-month and 57 patients (58.16%) had good outcomes at 12-month. And 46.67% (35/75) of survivors showed mRS improvement at 12-month (phenobarbital group, n = 17 vs. valproate group, n = 18, P = 0.321). Despite there was no significant difference with respect to good outcomes at 3-month (54.0% vs. 37.5%, P = 0.101), the rate of good outcomes in phenobarbital group was higher than valproate group at 12-month (68.0% vs. 47.92%, P = 0.044). A total of 43 patients successfully participated cognitive and emotional tests. Mild cognitive impairment was found in 7.14% of phenobarbital group and 50.0% in valproate group (P = 0.026). In addition, there were no significant differences with respect to anxiety (36.36% vs. 38.10%) and depression (31.82% vs. 47.62%) between the phenobarbital and valproate groups. Conclusions: Combined with long term conventional therapy, intravenous phenobarbital group had more good outcomes than intravenous valproate group in Chinese adult patients with GCSE up to 12-month follow-up. This finding may prompt the option of intravenous phenobarbital especially in patients with limited access to new antiseizure drugs. ER  - 
Potential feasibility of a remote first visit in the epilepsy clinic$$$ Background: Since the beginning of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) epidemic in Israel in early 2020, follow-up visits through phone consultations were available only for patients treated in our outpatient epilepsy clinic. Objective: To assess the potential feasibility of phone consultation instead of in-person first visit in the outpatient epilepsy clinic. Methods: The computerized database and medical records of all the patients who had an in-person first visit in our outpatient epilepsy clinic during a 4-year period (2018-2021) were retrospectively reviewed. Potential feasibility of a remote visit was assessed for all visits and was deemed possible when physical examination or vagal nerve stimulator (VNS) examination or parameter adjustment was not reported in the visit summary. Results: The study group included 462 patients who had an in-person first visit in the outpatient epilepsy clinic during the study period. A remote first visit was deemed potentially feasible in 404 (87%) patients. Those in whom a remote first visit was deemed potentially infeasible were older (p = 0.0001), with longer disease duration (p = 0.001) and higher rates of antiseizure medication polytherapy (p = 0.0001), VNS and additional symptoms (p = 0.0001). Conclusions: A remote visit may be potentially feasible for most patients who are scheduled for a first visit in the epilepsy clinic. An in-person visit may remain the preferred option for patients with additional neurological symptoms or a VNS, and may also be considered in older patients and those with longer disease duration or antiseizure medication polytherapy. ER  - 
Factors related to the severity of obsessive–compulsive symptoms and their impact on suicide risk in epileptic patients$$$ Objective: To explore relevant factors for the severity of obsessive–compulsive symptoms (OCSs) in adult epileptic patients and investigate whether the severity of OCSs is a mediator in the relationship between depressive/anxiety symptoms and suicide risk in epileptic patients. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study from a hospital in Northeast China. Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS), Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDIE), Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD-7), and Nurses’ Global Assessment of Suicide Risk (NGASR) were used to assess the severity of OCSs, depressive symptoms, anxiety symptoms, and suicide risk in epileptic patients, respectively. The independent factors of the severity of OCSs and their mediating effects in the relationship between depressive/anxiety symptoms and suicide risk were evaluated by regression analyses and mediator models, respectively. Results: NDDIE scores (β = 0.404, p < 0.001), GAD-7 scores (β = 0.247, p = 0.009), and polytherapy (β = 0.119, p = 0.032) were the independent factors of Y-BOCS scores. The Y-BOCS scores partially mediated the relationship between GAD-7 scores and NGASR scores (standardized coefficients of indirect effect = 0.109, Bootstrap 95% CI = 0.024 to 0.214). Still, they did not mediate the relationship between NDDIE scores and NGASR scores (standardized coefficients of indirect effect = 0.062, Bootstrap 95% CI = −0.024 to 0.169). Conclusions: Depressive symptoms, anxiety symptoms, and polytherapy are independently associated with the severity of OCSs in epileptic patients. Depressive and anxiety symptoms mediate the effect of the severity of OCSs on suicide risk in epileptic patients completely. ER  - 
Multi-dimensional influence of pediatric epilepsy on children and their families: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: In this study, we aimed to evaluate the effects of pediatric epilepsy on family burden, parental anxiety, depression states, and quality of life of both parents and children. Methods: The study was undertaken between March and December 2021 using an online questionnaire that included the Family Burden Scale of Disease, the 7-item Generalized Anxiety Disorder scale, the 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire, the WHO Quality of Life Scale (WHOQOL-BREF), and the PedsQL 4.0 Generic Core Scales (parent-proxy report). Results: A total of 288 parents of children aged 2–18 years were included. Overall, 94.8% of the participating families experienced high levels of disease burden, 67.0% of parents suffered from anxiety states, 57.0% suffered from depression states, and 56.2% of children with epilepsy suffered from comorbid neuropsychiatric symptoms. The mean WHOQOL-BREF score for parental quality of life was 53.7 ± 12.8, while the median PedsQL score for children's quality of life was 65.4 (49.6–81.7). Parental depression states contributed the most to family burden and parental quality of life, whereas comorbidities of epilepsy contributed the most to children's quality of life. Seizure frequency significantly influenced parental anxiety states, and family burden was the most significant predictor of parental depression states. Conclusion: Heavy disease burden, anxiety states, and depression states are prevalent in families with children suffering from epilepsy, and most have a poor quality of life. There is a need for greater focus on the quality of life of this patient population and their caregivers, as well as increased resources to help combat anxiety, depression, and poor quality of life. ER  - 
Pediatric psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: A retrospective observational cohort study at a quaternary center$$$ Background: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) represent a common functional disorder in the pediatric population. We aimed to characterize pediatric PNES by describing their clinical characteristics, PNES semiologies, and healthcare pathway towards and after diagnosis. Material and Methods: This was a retrospective, observational chart review of pediatric patients aged 6 to 18 years admitted between December 2020 and December 2021 for spell classification or suspected PNES. Psychogenic non-epileptic seizure diagnosis was made by the capture of a typical event on video electroencephalogram (vEEG). We used descriptive statistics to summarize demographic and clinical characteristics. Results: We included 26 patients (18 females, 69.2%) with a mean age (SD) of 13.9 (2.5) years. Pre-morbid neurologic and psychiatric conditions included: epilepsy (23.1%), migraine (46.2%), mild traumatic brain injury (26.9%), anxiety (57.7%), ADHD (34.6%), and depression (30.8%). Six patients (23.1%) had a prior diagnosis of PNES. 14 patients (53.8%) presented with convulsive, and 6 (23.1%) each with non-convulsive and mixed PNES. Patients were seen by a range of providers prior to diagnosis including ED providers (50%), neurologists (53.8%), pediatricians (34.6%), and psychology/psychiatry (11.5%). Emergency department evaluation occurred for 13 patients (50%) on 15 occasions, and six (23.1%) were admitted to the hospital. The median (p25-p75) time from PNES onset to presentation and diagnosis at our institution was 3.5 (1.5–6.2) and 4.1 (3–7) months, respectively. A total of 33 events from the 26 patients were captured on vEEG. The most frequent semiologies in our cohort were rhythmic motor (27.3%) followed by equal frequency (18.2%) of complex motor and dialeptic. Eighteen patients (69.2%) were followed after the PNES diagnosis, for a median (p25-p75) of 17.3 months (6.3–21) with variable outcome. Conclusion: Pediatric PNES has female predominance and often presents with comorbid psychosocial stressors and psychiatric conditions. High clinical suspicion and early recognition are crucial to decrease healthcare utilization and establish timely diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Comparison of the Relationship Between Stigmatization and Depression in Patients with Focal and Generalized Seizures$$$ Objective: Stigmatization in patients with epilepsy is seen in varying degrees at all times, all over the world. To determine whether the stigma value and depression scores perceived by patients with epilepsy were different in focal and generalized seizures and to reveal the factors that might be effective in stigmatization. Methods: A total of 130 patients who were diagnosed as having epilepsy, 76 females and 54 males, were included in the study. Educational status, marital status, duration of illness, seizure control, and the number of drugs used were recorded. A questionnaire for depression and stigmatization was administered to all participants. Results: The mean age of the women was 35.26 ± 12.82 (mean ± standard deviation) years and 33.67 ± 12.55 years for men. Of the patients, 44.6% had focal seizures, 44.6% had generalized seizures, and 10.8% had unknown seizures. Stigmatization was detected in 70% and depression was detected in 54.6% of the patients. There was no difference between the stigmatization and depression scores of focal and generalized seizures (P =.338; P =.857, respectively). There was no difference between the stigmatization and sex, age, and marital status (P =.730; P =.657; P =.320, respectively). In our subgroup analyses, the stigmatization rate decreased as the education level increased (P =.000). There was a significant correlation between depression and stigmatization severity. We find a weak relationship between insufficiency and duration of the disease (r = 0.217, P <.01). Conclusion: The stigmatization rate was independent of seizure type, seizure frequency, sex, age, and marital status. Stigmatization severity was significantly correlated with the presence of depression. Although seizures are well controlled with treatment, patients with epilepsy should be followed closely in terms of psychological and social support. ER  - 
Investigation of Electroconvulsive Therapy Parameters in Propofol and Ketamine–Propofol Combination Anesthesia$$$ Objective: It is aimed to highlight the concept of electrical stimulus [electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) dose], an aspect that has not received sufficient attention in previous research on ECT. Methods: This study is a retrospective investigation aiming to examine the medical records of patients who received ECT. Patients were assigned to 2 groups. The first group received a dose of 1mg/kg propofol for ECT anesthesia (n = 25), while the second group receives a combination of 0.5 mg/kg propofol and 0.5 mg/kg ketamine (n = 36).The electrical charge required to induce an effective seizure and the parameters determining the electrical charge, such as pulse width, frequency, stimulus duration, and current, were recorded at each session and compared. Results: In propofol group the initial value of frequency was 29.03 ± 7.35 Hz and the last value (frequence at eighth session) was 83.06 ± 24.45 Hz. The difference in frequency was found to be significantly increased in propofol group (F = 151.95; ηp2 = 0.83; P < .0001). In propofol + ketamine group the initial value of frequency was 24.09 ± 7.42 Hz and the last value (frequence at eighth session) was 91.74 ± 22.39 Hz. The difference in frequency was found to be significantly increased in propofol group (F = 237.05; ηp2 = 0.95; P < .0001). The duration of session was significantly decreased in propofol group (F = 10.29; ηp2 = 0.28; P < .0001). The duration of the seizure in first session was 57.17 ± 19.09 seconds and the duration of seizure in eighth session was 50.78 ± 14.21 seconds in propofol + ketamine group. The duration of the session was significantly decreased in propofol + ketamine group. Conclusion: It was observed that the ECT dose remained similar between the 2 groups. Further research is warranted to delve into the cognitive effects of the propofol + ketamine combination in ECT procedures. ER  - 
In-Hospital Amantadine Does Not Improve Outcomes After Severe Traumatic Brain Injury: An 11-Year Propensity-Matched Retrospective Analysis$$$ Background: Disruption of dopamine neurotransmission is associated with functional impairment after severe traumatic brain injury (sTBI). This has prompted the study of dopamine agonists, such as amantadine, to assist recovery of consciousness. Randomized trials have mostly addressed the posthospital setting, with inconsistent findings. Therefore, we evaluated the efficacy of early amantadine administration on recovery of consciousness after sTBI. Methods: We searched the medical records of all patients with sTBI admitted to our hospital between 2010 and 2021 who survived 10 days postinjury. We identified all patients receiving amantadine and compared them with all patients not receiving amantadine and a propensity score–matched nonamantadine group. Primary outcome measures included discharge Glasgow Coma Scale, Glasgow Outcome Scale-Extended score, length of stay, mortality, recovery of command-following (CF), and days to CF. Results: In our study population, 60 patients received amantadine and 344 did not. Compared with the propensity score–matched nonamantadine group, the amantadine group had no difference in mortality (86.67% vs. 88.33%, P = 0.783), rates of CF (73.33% vs. 76.67%, P = 0.673), or percentage of patients with severe (3–8) discharge Glasgow Coma Scale scores (11.11% vs. 12.28%, P = 0.434). In addition, the amantadine group was less likely to have a favorable recovery (discharge Glasgow Outcome Scale-Extended score 5–8) (14.53% vs. 16.67%, P < 0.001), had a longer length of stay (40.5 vs. 21.0 days, P < 0.001), and had a longer time to CF (11.5 vs. 6.0 days, P = 0.011). No difference in adverse events existed between groups. Conclusions: Our findings do not support the early administration of amantadine for sTBI. Larger inpatient randomized trials are necessary to further investigate amantadine treatment for sTBI. ER  - 
Correlation between depression and perceived stigma among people living with epilepsy$$$ Background: Epilepsy is characterized by recurrent seizures that happen in men and women of all ages. Comorbid depression is common with epilepsy due to its social stigma. This study aimed to describe the correlation between depression and perceived stigma among people living with epilepsy. Methods: It was a cross-sectional descriptive study conducted with 96 people with epilepsy using the convenience sampling method. Fisher's exact test was used to analyze the association between sociodemographic data, levels of depression, and perceived stigma. Pearson's correlation coefficient was used to analyze the relationship between depression and perceived stigma. Results: Twenty-three percent of respondents were found to be depressed, in that 16.7% were mildly depressed, 4.2% were moderately depressed, and 2.1% were severely depressed. Perceived stigma was found in 85.5%, of which 74% were moderately stigmatized and 11.5% were highly stigmatized. This study revealed a significant positive relationship between depression and perceived stigma (r = 0.21) at the p = 0.04 level. Conclusion: It highlights the correlation between perceived stigma and depression; if the patients felt stigmatized by epilepsy, they had a higher chance of having depression. Healthcare providers need to strengthen awareness in society for stigma reduction and early recognition of comorbid depression. ER  - 
Psychosocial correlates of neurodevelopmental disabilities in 2- to 3-year-olds$$$ Rationale: Canada's National Longitudinal Study of Children and Youth survey data provide insights into chronic health conditions in children. Children with neurodevelopmental disabilities (NDD) are at increased risk for adverse behavioral outcomes. Methods: We examined data from 3 cycles of Canada's National Longitudinal Survey of Children and Youth for the presence of epilepsy (Epi), cerebral palsy (CP), and intellectual disability (ID) in 2- to 3-year-olds. We then examined the relationship of NDD to composite measures of behavior: hyperactivity-inattention (HI), prosocial behaviors (PS), emotional disorder-anxiety (EA), physical aggression oppositional behavior (AO), and separation anxiety (SA). Results: There were 15 children with Epi, 25 with CP and 28 with ID in a sample of 10,879, which represented a population of 756,848 2- to 3-year-old Canadian children. Comparison of mean scores of the NDD groups and controls (Welch's ANOVA), indicated statistically significant differences in HI, PS, EA, and SA at the p < 0.001 level. Post hoc analysis showed significant intergroup differences. Children with epilepsy did not differ from controls on any of the behavioral measures. However, in comparison to controls, children with intellectual disability had higher EA and SA scores and lower PS scores, and those with cerebral palsy had lower PS scores. Conclusions: Children with NDD show differences in behavioral outcomes at a very early age when compared with controls. Screening for these behaviors and early intervention programs may help avoid longer term psychiatric comorbidity associated with these disabilities. ER  - 
Prevalence and correlates of excessive fatigue among Moroccan school adolescents: A cross-sectional study$$$ Excessive fatigue in adolescents is a growing concern as it impacts various aspects of their lives. Research on its prevalence and contributing factors in specific populations, especially in developing countries, is scarce. This study examines the prevalence of excessive fatigue among Moroccan adolescents and its association with demographic characteristics, parasomnias, depressive symptoms, and academic performance. In this cross-sectional study, we assessed excessive fatigue among 800 Moroccan adolescents (aged 12-20 years) in Settat province, using a comprehensive questionnaire including Pichot's Fatigue Scale (PFS), Patient Health Questionnaire 9 (PHQ-9), parasomnia questionnaire, and demographic questionnaire. The primary outcome was excessive fatigue, while covariates included demographic factors, physical health, regular exercise, depressive symptoms, and specific parasomnias. Associations were analyzed using cross-tabulation analysis, chi-squared tests, and correlation analysis. Excessive fatigue was prevalent in 8.4% of participants. Female adolescents had significantly higher adjusted odds of experiencing excessive fatigue than male adolescents, with an adjusted odds ratio (AOR) of 3.07 [95% CI (1.48, 6.37), P=0.003]. Excessive fatigue was significantly associated with nightmares, sleep paralysis, and hypnagogic hallucinations. A strong positive linear correlation was observed between fatigue and depressive symptoms (r=0.746, P<0.001). This study highlights the prevalence of excessive fatigue among Moroccan adolescents, emphasizing the importance of addressing gender-specific issues, sleep habits, and mental health support. Further research is needed to understand the underlying mechanisms and explore the role of lifestyle and socio-cultural contexts. ER  - 
Does celecoxib with sodium valproate have an augmentation effect on acute mania in bipolar disorder? A double-blind controlled clinical trial in Iran$$$ Inflammatory processes in the brain play a role in acute mania etiopathogenesis. There is little evidence indicating the efficacy of celecoxib adjuvant therapy in treatmenting of manic episodes of bipolar disorder. Therefore, this clinical trial aimed to assess the celecoxib effect on treating acute mania. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 58 patients meeting the criteria for acute mania were enrolled. After considering eligibility, 45 patients were included in the study and randomly divided into two groups. The first group (23 patients) received sodium valproate 400 mg/day along with celecoxib 400 mg/day, and the second group (22 patients) received sodium valproate 400 mg/day and a placebo. The subjects were evaluated by the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) at the beginning of the study and 9, 18, and 28 days following the initiation of the medication. Evaluation of baseline factors indicated a significant difference in age (P = 0.01) and psychiatric history (P = 0.02) between the two groups. However, other factors were similar between groups (P ≥ 0.05). Comparing the YMRS score between celecoxib and placebo groups revealed no significant difference on days 0, 9, 18, and 28. However, the YMRS score at the end of the study decreased by 16.05 ± 7.65 in the intervention group (P < 0.001) and 12.50 ± 5.98 in controls (P < 0.001) compared to the baseline, the trend of change was not significant between the two groups during the time of the study (F = 0.38; P = 0.84). Although celecoxib adjuvant therapy indicated no considerable side effects, a longer treatment duration may be needed to detect its beneficial effects for treating acute mania in bipolar patients. ER  - 
Factors Affecting Quality of Life in Adolescent Siblings of Children With Autism Spectrum Disorder$$$ Objectives: To compare the quality of life (QoL) of adolescent siblings of children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD-Sibs) with siblings of typically developing children (TD-Sibs), and study the factors affecting the QoL. Methods: Between 1 February, 2021 and 31 September, 2021, 40 children aged 10–18 years, whose sibling was suffering from ASD, were enrolled (Study group). 40 age- and sex-matched siblings of children with no clinically apparent neurodevelopmental abnormality or behavioral problem were also enrolled (Control group). Severity of autism was assessed by using the childhood autism rating scale 2 (CARS-2) score. QoL was assessed by a validated version of the World Health Organi-zation Quality of Life questionnaire Brief version (WHO QoL BREF), and compared between cases and controls using Wilcoxon rank sum test. Results: The mean (SD) age of study participants was 13.55 (2.75) years. The mean (SD) CARS-2 score of our sample was 35.78 (5.23). Mild to moderate autism was seen in 23 (57.5%) children, and 13 (32.5%) had severe autism. The median (IQR) QoL in ASD-Sibs was worse than TD-Sibs in physical domain (24 (19,26) vs 32 (29,32); P<0.001), psychological domain (22 (17,23) vs 25 (23,25); P<0.001), social domain (11 (8,12) vs 13 (11,14); P<0.001), and environmental domain (28 (26,31) vs 35 (31,35); P<0.001). Among the ASD-Sibs, severity of the sibling’s ASD and the family’s socioeconomic status were the only two factors significantly affecting one of the domains of QoL. Conclusions: The observed lower QoL score in adolescent siblings of children with ASD, more so in those whose siblings had more severe ASD, suggests the need for targeting the family as a unit while formulating plans for holistic management of children with ASD. ER  - 
Impact of mental disorders during education on work participation: A register-based longitudinal study on young adults with 10 years follow-up$$$ Background Mental disorders are a leading cause of disability and a major threat to work participation in young adults. This register-based longitudinal study aims to investigate the influence of mental disorders on entering and exiting paid employment among young graduates and to explore differences across socioeconomic groups. Methods Register information on sociodemographics (age, sex, migration background) and employment status of 2 346 393 young adults who graduated from secondary vocational (n=1 004 395) and higher vocational education or university (n=1 341 998) in the period 2010-2019 was provided by Statistics Netherlands. This information was enriched with register information on the prescription of nervous system medication for mental disorders in the year before graduation as a proxy for having a mental disorder. Cox proportional hazards regression models were used to estimate the influence of mental disorders on (A) entering paid employment among all graduates and (B) exiting from paid employment among graduates who had entered paid employment. Results Individuals with mental disorders were less likely to enter (HR 0.69-0.70) and more likely to exit paid employment (HR 1.41-1.42). Individuals using antipsychotics were the least likely to enter (HR 0.44) and the most likely to exit paid employment (HR 1.82-1.91), followed by those using hypnotics and sedatives. The association between mental disorders and work participation was found across socioeconomic subgroups (ie, educational level, sex and migration background). Discussion Young adults with mental disorders are less likely to enter and maintain paid employment. These results ask for prevention of mental disorders and for a more inclusive labour market. ER  - 
Combined cytotoxic and immune-stimulatory gene therapy for primary adult high-grade glioma: a phase 1, first-in-human trial$$$ Background: High-grade gliomas have a poor prognosis and do not respond well to treatment. Effective cancer immune responses depend on functional immune cells, which are typically absent from the brain. This study aimed to evaluate the safety and activity of two adenoviral vectors expressing HSV1-TK (Ad-hCMV-TK) and Flt3L (Ad-hCMV-Flt3L) in patients with high-grade glioma. Methods: In this dose-finding, first-in-human trial, treatment-naive adults aged 18–75 years with newly identified high-grade glioma that was evaluated per immunotherapy response assessment in neuro-oncology criteria, and a Karnofsky Performance Status score of 70 or more, underwent maximal safe resection followed by injections of adenoviral vectors expressing HSV1-TK and Flt3L into the tumour bed. The study was conducted at the University of Michigan Medical School, Michigan Medicine (Ann Arbor, MI, USA). The study included six escalating doses of viral particles with starting doses of 1×1010 Ad-hCMV-TK viral particles and 1×109 Ad-hCMV-Flt3L viral particles (cohort A), and then 1×1011 Ad-hCMV-TK viral particles and 1×109 Ad-hCMV-Flt3L viral particles (cohort B), 1×1010 Ad-hCMV-TK viral particles and 1×1010 Ad-hCMV-Flt3L viral particles (cohort C), 1×1011 Ad-hCMV-TK viral particles and 1×1010 Ad-hCMV-Flt3L viral particles (cohort D), 1×1010 Ad-hCMV-TK viral particles and 1×1011 Ad-hCMV-Flt3L viral particles (cohort E), and 1×1011 Ad-hCMV-TK viral particles and 1×1011 Ad-hCMV-Flt3L viral particles (cohort F) following a 3+3 design. Two 1 mL tuberculin syringes were used to deliver freehand a mix of Ad-hCMV-TK and Ad-hCMV-Flt3L vectors into the walls of the resection cavity with a total injection of 2 mL distributed as 0·1 mL per site across 20 locations. Subsequently, patients received two 14-day courses of valacyclovir (2 g orally, three times per day) at 1–3 days and 10–12 weeks after vector administration and standad upfront chemoradiotherapy. The primary endpoint was the maximum tolerated dose of Ad-hCMV-Flt3L and Ad-hCMV-TK. Overall survival was a secondary endpoint. Recruitment is complete and the trial is finished. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01811992. Findings: Between April 8, 2014, and March 13, 2019, 21 patients were assessed for eligibility and 18 patients with high-grade glioma were enrolled and included in the analysis (three patients in each of the six dose cohorts); eight patients were female and ten were male. Neuropathological examination identified 14 (78%) patients with glioblastoma, three (17%) with gliosarcoma, and one (6%) with anaplastic ependymoma. The treatment was well-tolerated, and no dose-limiting toxicity was observed. The maximum tolerated dose was not reached. The most common serious grade 3–4 adverse events across all treatment groups were wound infection (four events in two patients) and thromboembolic events (five events in four patients). One death due to an adverse event (respiratory failure) occurred but was not related to study treatment. No treatment-related deaths occurred during the study. Median overall survival was 21·3 months (95% CI 11·1–26·1). Interpretation: The combination of two adenoviral vectors demonstrated safety and feasibility in patients with high-grade glioma and warrants further investigation in a phase 1b/2 clinical trial. Funding: Funded in part by Phase One Foundation, Los Angeles, CA, The Board of Governors at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, and The Rogel Cancer Center at The University of Michigan. ER  - 
One-Year Outcomes in Patients With Acute Stroke Requiring Mechanical Ventilation$$$ BACKGROUND: Long-term outcomes of patients with severe stroke remain poorly documented. We aimed to characterize one-year outcomes of patients with stroke requiring mechanical ventilation in the intensive care unit (ICU). METHODS: We conducted a prospective multicenter cohort study in 33 ICUs in France (2017-2019) on patients with consecutive strokes requiring mechanical ventilation for at least 24 hours. Outcomes were collected via telephone interviews by an independent research assistant. The primary end point was poor functional outcome, defined by a modified Rankin Scale score of 4 to 6 at 1 year. Multivariable mixed models investigated variables associated with the primary end point. Secondary end points included quality of life, activities of daily living, and anxiety and depression in 1-year survivors. RESULTS: Among the 364 patients included, 244 patients (66.5% [95% CI, 61.7%-71.3%]) had a poor functional outcome, including 190 deaths (52.2%). After adjustment for non-neurological organ failure, age ≥70 years (odds ratio [OR], 2.38 [95% CI, 1.26-4.49]), Charlson comorbidity index ≥2 (OR, 2.01 [95% CI, 1.16-3.49]), a score on the Glasgow Coma Scale <8 at ICU admission (OR, 3.43 [95% CI, 1.98-5.96]), stroke subtype (intracerebral hemorrhage: OR, 2.44 [95% CI, 1.29-4.63] versus ischemic stroke: OR, 2.06 [95% CI, 1.06-4.00] versus subarachnoid hemorrhage: reference) remained independently associated with poor functional outcome. In contrast, a time between stroke diagnosis and initiation of mechanical ventilation >1 day was protective (OR, 0.56 [95% CI, 0.33-0.94]). A sensitivity analysis conducted after exclusion of patients with early decisions of withholding/withdrawal of care yielded similar results. We observed persistent physical and psychological problems at 1 year in >50% of survivors. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with severe stroke requiring mechanical ventilation, several ICU admission variables may inform caregivers, patients, and their families on post-ICU trajectories and functional outcomes. The burden of persistent sequelae at 1 year reinforces the need for a personalized, multi-disciplinary, prolonged follow-up of these patients after ICU discharge. REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov; Unique identifier: NCT03335995. ER  - 
Baseline Characteristics of 1976 Patients with Ectatic Corneal Disorders at a Single Center from 2010 to 2021: A Cross-Sectional Study of the Homburg Keratoconus Center$$$ Objectives:The study objective was to analyze the baseline characteristics of keratoconus (KC) patients at the Homburg Keratoconus Center from 2010 to 2021.Methods:This cross-sectional study included 3,674 eyes, with analysis of demographics, clinical findings, visual function, endothelial measurements, and topographic, tomographic, and corneal biomechanical data from the first visit.Results:Mean patient age was 36.3±13.8 years. The mean uncorrected distance visual acuity in log of minimal angle of resolution was 0.60 (20/80, Snellen equivalent), and the corrected mean was 0.3 (20/40). Of 1976 patients, 48.9% reported eye rubbing. Mean values (ranges) were 49.4±6.3 (36.3-78.0) D for steep keratometry, 462.4±66.0 (48.0-659.0) m for thinnest corneal thickness, 9.7±8.7 (-0.5 to 88.8) for Belin/Ambrósio enhanced ectasia total deviation, 0.8±0.4 (0.0-1.0) for the Corvis biomechanical index, 0.9±0.2 (0.0-1.0) for the tomographic biomechanical index, 0.1±0.5 (-0.9 to 2.0) for the KC match index, 8.3±1.8 (2.2-17.7) mm Hg for corneal hysteresis, 7.1±2.2 (0.0-17.0) mm Hg for corneal resistance factor, and 2,562.9±326.3 (1,011-3,937) cells/mm2 for endothelial cell density. The average ABCDE KC stage was A2B3C1D1E2. Distance-corrected visual acuity correlated strongly with topometric, tomographic, and biomechanical data (P<0.001).Conclusions:This comprehensive description of baseline features of KC patients at a tertiary center provides a reference for further longitudinal and international multicentric studies. ER  - 
Predictors of persistent opioid use in non-cancer older adults: a retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Long-term opioid use and associated adverse outcomes have increased dramatically in recent years. Limited research is available on long-term opioid use in older adults. Objective: We aimed to determine the incidence and predictors of long-term or persistent opioid use (POU) amongst opioid-naïve older adults without a cancer diagnosis. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study using five national administrative healthcare databases in New Zealand. We included all opioid-naïve older adults (≥65 years) who were initiated on opioid therapy between January 2013 and June 2018. The outcome of interest was POU, defined as having continuously filled ≥1 opioid prescription within 91-180 days after the index opioid prescription. Multivariable logistic regression was used to examine the predictors of POU. Results: The final sample included 268,857 opioid-naïve older adults; of these, 5,849(2.2%) developed POU. Several predictors of POU were identified. The use of fentanyl (adjusted odds ratio (AOR) = 3.61; 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.63-4.95), slow-release opioids (AOR = 3.02; 95%CI 2.78-3.29), strong opioids (AOR = 2.03; 95%CI 1.55-2.65), Charlson Comorbidity Score ≥ 3 (AOR = 2.09; 95% CI 1.78-2.46), history of substance abuse (AOR = 1.52; 95%CI 1.35-1.72), living in most socioeconomically deprived areas (AOR = 1.40; 95%CI 1.27-1.54), and anti-epileptics (AOR = 2.07; 95%CI 1.89-2.26), non-opioid analgesics (AOR = 2.05; 95%CI 1.89-2.21), antipsychotics (AOR = 1.96; 95%CI 1.78-2.17) or antidepressants (AOR = 1.50; 95%CI 1.41-1.59) medication use were the strongest predictors of POU. Conclusion: A significant proportion of patients developed POU, and several factors were associated with POU. The findings will enable healthcare providers and policymakers to target early interventions to prevent POU and related adverse events. ER  - 
PO3_12. Identify the association of cardiorespiratory arrest and respiratory failure in women with preeclampsia using magnesium sulfate$$$ Background: Despite the confirmation of the effectiveness of the use of Magnesium Sulfate (MgSO4) for the prevention and treatment (TTO) of preeclampsia (PE) and eclampsia (E), there are still no well-established protocols regarding its dosage and duration of TTO, causing fear in its use by some professionals in the health area. The present study seeks to prove that for the main complications such as cardiorespiratory arrest (CPA) and respiratory failure (RI), the use of MgSO4 in women with PE and E at different dosages and infusion times is insignificant, therefore, not administering it is more reckless than the occurrence of any risk. As an objective, to identify the association of CRP and RI in women with PE, using MgSO4 as the primary outcome. As a secondary endpoint, to compare the results between MgSO4 infusion time of conventional therapy and shorter therapy. Methods: Only systematic review studies between 2011 and 2021 were searched in the PubMed and Cochrane databases, in addition to the PICO methodology. Inclusion criteria: clinical trials aimed at pregnant women with more than 20 weeks of gestational age and those that evaluated in detail the use of Magnesium Sulfate in its different dosages. Exclusion criteria: study protocols, pilot studies, studies evaluating only magnesium sulfate in areas of medicine other than obstetrics. The descriptors used in the research were: (Pre-Eclampsia), (Pre-Eclampsia) and (EPH Gestosis), (Toxemias, Pregnancy) combined with the Boolean operator “OR” associated with (Magnesium Sulfate) and (Sulphate, Magnesium). Results A total of 750 articles were identified, which, after applying inclusion and exclusion filters, remained 13 articles. The results of the review according to Vigil-De Gracia P, et al (2016), show that the incidence of PCR and IR is rare, only 11 patients had respiratory depression, which represents less than 0.5% of the total number of patients. patients. analyzed. Regarding side effects, Pascoal et. al (2019), identified the symptoms with greater statistical significance, such as: dizziness (p=0.01), thirst (p=0.07) and vomiting (p=0.06) in patients treated with 2g of MgSO4. Other frequent complications described by Charoenvidhya Dhirapatara, et al (2015) and Rimal Surya Prasad, et al (2017) were seizures, hemorrhage and oliguria, but without statistical significance. Regarding the regimen and the adoption of MgSO4 infusion times, Kashanian, t. al (2013) and Maia, et. al (2014) that therapies with shorter infusion times have more benefits and fewer complications compared to therapies with longer infusion times. Conclusion: The present study confirms existing data in the literature, showing the insignificant occurrence of cardiorespiratory arrest and respiratory failure in women with pre-eclampsia who use magnesium sulfate. Furthermore, it shows that a shorter time of magnesium sulfate infusion is beneficial for a given treatment. Conflicts of interests: No conflict to declare. ER  - 
Assessing drug utilization and drug-drug interactions in the management of epilepsy, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's disease and migraine$$$ Background: Neurological disorders (ND) affect the structure and function of the central nervous system, including Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases, epilepsy, migraine and stroke. ND has major symptoms ranging from mild to severe memory problems and physical disabilities. The present study investigated central nervous system (CNS) drug utilization trends, drug-drug interaction and morbidity patterns in ND. Methods: A prospective study was carried out at a multi-specialty hospital, including neurology outpatient cases, in 2016. A study was ethically approved by the institutional ethics committee (IEC) for human research, and data were collected from patients' case records. The prescribing trend was assessed by World Health Organization (WHO) core prescribing indicators. The International Classification of Diseases (ICD) 10 was used to assess the morbidity pattern. Drug-drug interactions were analysed by a multidrug interaction checker. Results: We discovered that 53.57% and 46.42% of the 280 neurology cases were female and male, respectively. Here, we showed that epilepsy was the most commonly diagnosed (31.07%) condition, followed by migraine (30.35%), Parkinsonism (Pn) (13.21%), Alzheimer's and dementia (AD) (10.71%) and myasthenia gravis (7.14%). The most commonly used CNS drugs were sodium valproates. Donepezil, fluoxatin and levodopa-carbidopa. In this study, 80% of drugs were prescribed with the most common category being antiepileptics; 16.77% and 23.21% of prescriptions observed potential drug-drug interactions. Conclusions: The treatment priority for epilepsy was sodium valproate, which had a high prescription rate. For AD, donepezil was given priority, while in PN, levodopa-carbidopa was prescribed most often. In significant drug-drug interactions (DDI), pharmacodynamic mechanisms were very common, while in minor DDI, pharmacokinetic mechanisms were observed. ER  - 
Nicotine flux as a powerful tool for regulating nicotine delivery from e-cigarettes: Protocol of two complimentary randomized crossover clinical trials$$$ Introduction Electronic cigarette (EC) use has increased rapidly in the last decade, especially among youth. Regulating nicotine delivery from ECs could help curb youth uptake and leverage EC use in harm reduction yet is complicated by varying device and liquid variables that affect nicotine delivery. Nicotine flux, the nicotine emission rate, is a parameter that incorporates these variables and focuses on the performance rather than the design of an EC. Nicotine flux therefore could be a powerful regulatory tool if it is shown empirically to predict nicotine delivery and subjective effects related to dependence. Methods and analysis This project consists of two complementary clinical trials. In Trial I, we will examine the relationship between nicotine flux and the rate and dose of nicotine delivery from ECs, hence, impacting abuse liability. It will also examine the extent to which this relationship is mediated by nicotine form (i.e., freebase versus protonated). At Yale School of Medicine (YSM), study participants will puff EC devices under conditions that differ by flux and form, while arterial blood is sampled in high time resolution. In Trial II, we will assess the relationship between nicotine flux, form, and subjective effects. At the American University of Beirut (AUB), participants will use EC devices with varying nicotine fluxes and forms, while dependency measures, such as the urge to use ECs, nicotine craving, and withdrawal symptoms, will be assessed. We will also monitor puffing intensity and real-time exposure to toxicants. Ethics and dissemination The protocol of Trial I and Trial II was approved by YSM and AUB IRBs, respectively. We will disseminate study results through peer-reviewed publications and conference presentations. Trial registration: NCT05706701 for Trial I and NCT05430334 for Trial II. ER  - 
IDENTIFICATION OF THE PATHOANATOMIC METRICS OF THE GLENOHUMERAL BONY LESIONS IN THE EPILEPTIC PATIENTS WITH ANTERIOR SHOULDER INSTABILITY: A COMPARATIVE STUDY$$$ Background: Wrong management of the bone lesions in shoulder instability is a cause of surgical failure. Chronic epilepsy may cause important bipolar bony lesions. We aim to compare the specific pathoanatomic metrics of the bony lesions in chronic shoulder instability that occur in the epileptic population vs non epileptic population. Our hypothesis was that in a population of patients with recurrent shoulder instability, epileptic patients have larger and more engaging bone lesions than non-epileptic patients. Methods: From 2006 to 2020, we included epileptic and non-epileptic patients with anterior recurrent shoulder instability. We randomly adjusted the patients of the two groups according to the sex, age and type of management. We finally included 50 patients. For each included patient, we performed an in-depth CT-scan analysis and comparison of the glenoid bone loss: PICO method using the best-fit circle on the sagittal view; and the Hill-Sachs lesion: the depth and width were given as a percentage of the humeral head diameter on an axial view. We also evaluated the engaging character of the involved lesion using the On-track/Off-track analysis. Those characteristics were compared between the two groups. Results: We found a glenoid bone loss in 32 patients (18 in the epileptic group and 14 in the non-epileptic group). Glenoid bone loss was not significantly greater in patients with epilepsy (p=0,052). A Hill-Sachs lesion was found in 42 patients (22 in epileptic group and 20 in non-epileptic group). Hill-Sachs lesions were significantly deeper and larger in the epileptic group. (depth: 22% vs 9%, p=0,0001; width: 43% vs 28%, p=0,003). In the epileptic group 90% of the bone lesions were OFF-track versus 30% in the non-epileptic group. Thus, the epileptic patients presented more engaging bony lesions than non-epileptic patients (p=0,001) (OR=23). Conclusions: In a population of epileptic patients, Hill-Sachs lesions are larger and deeper than in patients with non-epileptic shoulder instability. By contrast, there is no significant difference regarding the characteristics of the glenoid bone loss if present. This implies that bone lesions in instable shoulders of epileptic patients’ (previously stabilized neurologically) need at least a bony stabilization procedure on the humeral side in the majority of cases. ER  - 
Neurological and psychiatric disorders among autistic adults: a population healthcare record study$$$ BACKGROUND: Co-occurring psychiatric disorders are common in autism, with previous studies suggesting 54-94% of autistic individuals develop a mental health condition in their lifetime. Most studies have looked at clinically-recruited cohorts, or paediatric cohorts followed into adulthood, with less known about the autistic community at a population level. We therefore studied the prevalence of co-occurring psychiatric and neurological conditions in autistic individuals in a national sample. METHODS: This retrospective case-control study utilised the SAIL Databank to examine anonymised whole population electronic health record data from 2001 to 2016 in Wales, UK (N = 3.6 million). We investigated the prevalence of co-occurring psychiatric and selected neurological diagnoses in autistic adults' records during the study period using International Classification of Diseases-10 and Read v2 clinical codes compared to general population controls matched for age, sex and deprivation. RESULTS: All psychiatric conditions examined were more common amongst adults with autism after adjusting for age, sex and deprivation. Prevalence of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (7.00%), bipolar disorder (2.50%), obsessive-compulsive disorder (3.02%), psychosis (18.30%) and schizophrenia (5.20%) were markedly elevated in those with autism, with corresponding odds ratios 8.24-10.74 times the general population. Depression (25.90%) and anxiety (22.40%) were also more prevalent, with epilepsy 9.21 times more common in autism. CONCLUSIONS: We found that a range of psychiatric conditions were more frequently recorded in autistic individuals. We add to understanding of under-reporting and diagnostic overshadowing in autism. With increasing awareness of autism, services should be cognisant of the psychiatric conditions that frequently co-occur in this population. ER  - 
PNES IN BRAIN TUMOR PATIENTS : AN UNEXPECTED CHALLENGE$$$ BACKGROUND: Epileptic seizures (ES) are common in brain tumor patients. The phenomenon of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) amongst those patients has not been well described. PNES Phenomenology could be similar to ES, however, epileptogenic activity on electro-encephalogram (EEG) is absent. The diagnosis of PNES can be challenging in brain tumor patients since both types of seizures can present with similar symptoms and might occur together. Risk factors for the development of PNES include a history of negative events in childhood, exposure to trauma, history of psychiatric illness and chronic pain, and substance abuse. Diagnosing PNES is important for delivering the appropriate treatment, and preventing the toxic influence of unneeded treatment and procedures. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The Electronic files of patients with ES and PNES were evaluated, in A retrospective analysis from the database of the Neuro-Oncology unit at Sheba Medical- Center. RESULTS: 4 patients with brain tumor related epilepsy and PNES were identified: a female 22 years old with right frontal IDH1 mutated non 1p/19q deleted glioma WHO2, a 44 years old male with right frontal IDH1 mutated 1p/19q deleted glioma WHO2, a 48 years old female with left temporo-insular IDH1 mutated non 1p/19q deleted glioma WHO2 and a 65 years old female with multiple radiation induced meningiomas. Seizures semiology were compatible with the lesions. The first two patients had recent stress factors, and the last two suffered severe diagnosis-related anxiety. All patients presented initially with ES and developed PNES subsequently. They were treated with 2-4 Anti-Epileptic drugs(AED's). They were referred to EEG video monitoring due to worsening seizures frequency despite increasing the AED's and no evidence of tumor progression at that time. All patients had clinical seizures which did not have any epileptiform activity correlation on Video-EEG. Hence, PNES was diagnosed. Three patients underwent psychological treatment and two patients received medical therapy for underlying psychological factors contributing to PNES. Seizure frequency and number of AED's decreased in all patients. CONCLUSION: In patients with brain tumors the diagnosis of PNES can be challenging but should be considered in patients with increased seizures frequency regardless of stable imaging and absence of any other provocative factors. Video EEG is pivotal for PNES diagnosis. Psychological consulting and treatment are recommended in PNES cases. Correct diagnosis and treatment will contribute to the patient's quality of life. ER  - 
RESECTION CAVITY LOCATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH CHANGES IN DEPRESSIVE SYMPTOMS AFTER SURGERY IN PATIENTS WITH DIFFUSE GLIOMA$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of glioma resections is to maximize tumor removal while preserving functional integrity. Functional outcome usually focuses on neurological and neurocognitive functions. However, emotions may also be affected by surgery. Therefore, we determined the occurrence of depressive symptoms after surgery and investigated factors associated with changes in depressive symptoms after surgery, specifically focusing on the location of the resection cavity. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This study included a single center retrospective cohort of patients with a diffuse glioma who underwent a surgical resection between 2009 and 2021. Patients completed the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D) before and after surgery, with cut-offs for no depressive symptoms (CES-D <16), mild depressive symptoms (CES-D 16-20) or moderate to severe depressive symptoms (CES-D >20). We calculated a change score with a minimum clinically important difference defined as 6 points. Surgical cavities were semi-automatically segmented based on postoperative MRIs. Patient characteristics, i.e. age, sex, education, epilepsy, and tumor characteristics, including tumor grade, and segmented cavity locations, were related to change in depression scores in a multivariable regression analysis and sparse canonical correlation analysis. RESULTS: We included 83 patients with a mean age of 42 years (SD 11.8), consisting of 61% males, 49% with high education, 86% with epilepsy and 61% with a WHO grade 2 glioma, 27% grade 3 and 12% grade 4 glioma. Median change in depressive scores was 1, with a range from -25 to 30. Before surgery, 26% had at least mild depressive symptoms, after surgery, 33% had at least mild depressive symptoms. A clinically important increase (≥6) in depressive symptoms was seen in 25% of patients, whereas 15% had a clinically important decrease in depressive symptoms. Patient characteristics and tumor grade were not associated with change in depressive symptoms. Eight clusters of cavity locations were associated with change in depressive symptoms (CV corr = 0.224, p = 0.0419), including in the left and right frontal, temporal, and anterior cingulate regions. CONCLUSION: Resection cavity locations are associated with changes in depressive symptoms in patients with diffuse glioma. This may be important for patient counseling and of potential use for neurosurgical decision making. ∗ These authors contributed equally. ER  - 
COMORBIDITIES AFFECTING CHILDREN WITH AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORDER: A RETROSPECTIVE CHART REVIEW FROM THE MAIN REFERRAL SITE FOR ASD EVALUATION IN MANITOBA$$$ BACKGROUND: Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) is a developmental disorder characterized by deficits in social interaction/communication, restricted interests and repetitive behaviours. Recent discussions have emerged worldwide regarding a possible “overly-inclusive” diagnosis of ASD, adding heterogeneity around presentation/etiology and comorbidities. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to determine the frequency and characteristics of comorbidities among children diagnosed with ASD in Manitoba, and to evaluate differences in presentation between those with and without medical comorbidities. As comorbid neurodevelopmental disorders such as global developmental delay (GDD) and attention- deficit yyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are common in children with ASD, these were not included as “medical comorbidities” and were studied separately. DESIGN/METHODS: We conducted a retrospective chart review of >2000 electronic charts at the main referral site for children <6 years requiring evaluation for ASD in Manitoba. All children aged 0-5 years diagnosed with ASD at this site between May 2016 to September 2021 were identified. X2 and t test were used to compare groups. RESULTS: Of the total of 1858 children identified, 1459 (78%) were male, 252 (13.5%) were born prematurely, 504 (27%) had ≥1 medical comorbidity. Most common medical comorbidities were neurological (12.7%) and allergies/eczema (6.1%). Comorbid GDD was diagnosed in 428 (23%). Age of referral to RCC and age of diagnosis did not differ between groups. Medical comorbidities were more common among preterm children (31% vs. 26%, p:<0.01) and children with comorbid GDD (35% vs. 18.6%, p:<0.01). There was no significant difference in overall presence of medical comorbidities by sex (29.5% vs. 26.6%, p: 0.25); however, girls had a statistically significant higher incidence of neurological comorbidities, e.g. cerebral palsy, epilepsy, hypotonia NYD (16% vs. 12%, p:0.03). CONCLUSION: Results of this study are consistent with previous studies, which note high comorbidity rates among children with ASD. The high rates of associated neurological conditions, GDD, and prematurity add heterogeneity to this group and may relate to the reported “overly- inclusive” diagnosis. This study will be used as a catalyst for guiding further prospective studies in the area. ER  - 
Deep brain stimulation surgery under ketamine induced conscious sedation: a double blind randomized controlled trial$$$ Background. The gold standard anesthesia for deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgery is the “awake” approach, using local anesthesia alone. While it offers high-quality microelectrode recordings and clinical assessment of the stimulation therapeutic window, it potentially causes patients extreme stress and might result in suboptimal surgical outcomes. However, the alternative of general anesthesia or deep sedation dramatically reduces reliability of physiological navigation and therapeutic window assessment, thus potentially diminishing the accuracy of lead localization. We therefore designed a prospective double-blinded randomized controlled trial to investigate a novel anesthesia regimen of ketamine-induced conscious sedation for DBS surgery. Methods. Patients with Parkinson's disease undergoing subthalamic nucleus DBS surgery were enrolled. Patients were randomly assigned to either the experimental or control group. During the physiological navigation phase, the experimental group received ketamine infusion at a dosage of 0.25 mg/kg/hr, while the control group received normal saline. Both groups received moderate propofol sedation before and after the physiological navigation phase. Primary outcomes were non-inferiority of electrophysiological quality, including multiunit recordings, EEG, EMG, bispectral index and lead localization accuracy according to postoperative CT scans. Secondary outcomes included patients’ satisfaction level measured using Iowa satisfaction with anesthesia scale for awake procedures. Potential side effects and adverse events were also monitored, including hemodynamics (blood pressure, heart rate) and cognition (hallucinations during surgery and early post-operative cognition using Montreal Cognitive Assessment). Results. Thirty patients, 15 from each group, were included in the study and analysed. Intraoperatively, the electrophysiological signature of the subthalamic nucleus was similar under ketamine and saline. Tremor amplitude was slightly lower under ketamine (p = 0.002). The accuracy of lead position was comparable in both groups. Postoperatively, patients in the ketamine group reported significantly higher satisfaction with anesthesia. The improvement in Unified Parkinson’s disease rating scale part-III was similar between the groups. No negative effects of ketamine on hemodynamic stability or cognition were reported perioperatively. Additionally, no procedure-related complications were reported in either group, besides one case of peri-lead edema in the control group. Conclusion. This study demonstrates that ketamine induced conscious sedation during physiological navigation in DBS surgery resulted in non-inferior intra-operative, post-surgical and patient satisfaction outcomes compared to the commonly used standard awake protocol, without major disadvantages. Future studies should investigate the applicability of this protocol in other awake neurosurgical procedures, such as DBS for other targets and indications, and awake craniotomy for tumor resection and epilepsy. ER  - 
Cenobamate and Clobazam Combination as Personalized Medicine in Autoimmune-Associated Epilepsy with Anti-Gad65 Antibodies$$$ Background and ObjectivesAutoimmune-associated epilepsy (AAE) with antiglutamic acid decarboxylase 65 (GAD65) antibodies is considered a T-cell-mediated encephalitis that evolves to drug-resistant epilepsy. We do not have an effective therapeutic strategy for these patients. Because the GAD enzyme is primarily responsible for the conversion of glutamate to GABA, the mechanism of epileptogenesis in this condition predicts decreased levels of GABA content in synaptic vesicles. Cenobamate (CNB) acts as a positive allosteric modulator at synaptic and extra synaptic GABAA receptors, producing increased inhibitory neurotransmission in the brain. This mechanism could be especially beneficial in AAE with anti-GAD65 antibodies because it would be able to correct the imbalance due to the GABAergic stimulation deficit in postsynaptic neurons.MethodsWe recruit a retrospective multicentric consecutive case series of AAE with anti-GAD65 antibodies from 5 epilepsy units in Spain who have received treatment with CNB.ResultsA total of 8 patients were recruited. This cohort of highly refractory patients have failed a mean of 9.50 (SD = 3.20) ASM without control of seizures for sustained periods of time. The average number of seizures per month during the previous 3 months before CNB treatment was 19.63 (SD = 17.03). After the introduction of CNB improvement was achieved in all our patients, with a median reduction in the number of seizures of 92.22% (interquartile range [IQR]: 57.25-98.75). The mean follow-up was 156.75 days (SD = 68.23). In patients with concomitant treatment with clobazam (CLB), the median percentage of seizure reduction was higher than those not taking CLB: 94.72% (IQR: 87.25-100) vs 41.50% (p = 0.044) and also higher than the control group of patients with refractory epilepsy not related to anti-GAD65 treated with the same combination: 94.72% (IQR: 87.25-100) vs 45.00% (IQR: 25.00-87.00) (p = 0.019).DiscussionTreatment with the combination CNB + CLB could be a type of personalized medicine in patients with AAE with anti-GAD65. Our preliminary data will need to be endorsed with new prospective and controlled studies. ER  - 
Association between physical multimorbidity and common mental health disorders in rural and urban Malawian settings: preliminary findings from Healthy Lives Malawi long-term conditions survey$$$ In low-income Africa, the epidemiology of physical multimorbidity and associated mental health conditions is not well described. We investigated the multimorbidity burden, disease combinations, and relationship between physical multimorbidity and common mental health disorders in rural and urban Malawi using early data from 9,849 adults recruited to an on-going large cross-sectional study on long-term conditions, initiated in 2021. Multimorbidity was defined as having two or more measured (diabetes, hypertension) or self-reported (diabetes, hypertension, disability, chronic pain, HIV, asthma, stroke, heart disease, and epilepsy). Depression and anxiety symptoms were scored using the 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire and 7-item General Anxiety Disorder scale and defined by the total score (range 0–27 and 0–21, respectively). We determined age-standardized multimorbidity prevalence and condition combinations. Additionally, we used multiple linear regression models to examine the association between physical multimorbidity and depression and anxiety symptom scores. Of participants, 81% were rural dwelling, 56% were female, and the median age was 30 years (IQR 21–43). The age-standardized urban and rural prevalence of multimorbidity was 14.1% (95% CI, 12.5–15.8%) and 12.2% (95% CI, 11.6–12.9%), respectively. In adults with two conditions, hypertension, and disability (18%) co-occurred most frequently, and in those with three conditions, hypertension, disability, and chronic pain (23%) were the most common combination. Compared to adults without physical conditions, having one (B-Coefficient (B) 0.78; 95% C1 0.63–0.95%), two- (B 1.36; 95% CI 1.14–1.58%), and three- or more- physical conditions (B 2.23; 95% CI 1.87–2.59%) were associated with increasing depression score, p-trend <0.001. A comparable ‘dose-response’ relationship was observed between physical multimorbidity and anxiety symptom scores. While the direction of observed associations cannot be determined with these cross-sectional data, our findings highlight the burden of multimorbidity and need for integrating mental and physical health service delivery in Malawi. ER  - 
Diagnostic test accuracy in longitudinal study settings: Theoretical approaches with use cases from clinical practice$$$ In this study we evaluate how to estimate diagnostic test accuracy (DTA) correctly in the presence of longitudinal patient data (i.e., repeated test applications per patient). We used a nonparametric approach to estimate sensitivity and specificity of diagnostic tests for three use cases with different characteristics (i.e., episode length and intervals between episodes): 1) systemic inflammatory response syndrome, 2) depression, and 3) epilepsy. DTA was estimated on the levels ‘time’, ‘event’, and ‘patient-time’ for each diagnosis, representing different research questions. A comparison of DTA for these levels per and across use cases showed variations in the estimates, which resulted from the used level, the time unit (i.e., per minute/hour/day), the resulting number of observations per patient, and the diagnosis-specific characteristics. Researchers need to predefine their choices (i.e., estimation levels and time units) based on their individual research aims, including the estimand definitions, and give an appropriate rationale considering the diagnosis-specific characteristics of the target outcomes and the number of observations per patient to make sure that unbiased and clinically relevant measures are communicated. Nonetheless, researchers could report the DTA of the test using more than one estimation level and/or time unit if this still complies with the research aim. ER  - 
Health conditions and service use of autistic women and men: A retrospective population-based case–control study$$$ This study used administrative data to compare the socio-demographics, health conditions, and health service use of autistic adults with adults with and without other developmental disabilities, after matching for age and sex. Autistic women and men were more likely to have a wide range of physical and mental health conditions compared to adults without developmental disabilities. Rates of co-occurring health conditions were similar or lower among autistic adults compared to adults with other developmental disabilities, except for a higher prevalence of psychiatric conditions among autistic adults. Notably increased psychiatric service use was evident among autistic women and men compared to the other groups. Among age-matched autistic women and men, significant differences were found for physical (i.e. Crohn’s disease/colitis, rheumatoid arthritis) and psychiatric conditions (i.e. psychotic disorders, non-psychotic disorders), as well as service use (i.e. emergency department visits, hospitalizations, family doctor and neurologist visits). These findings suggest autistic adults have high health care needs, as do adults with other developmental disabilities. Mental health support is especially critical for autistic adults and research examining sex and gender effects will assist in tailoring health promotion and intervention efforts. Lay abstract: This study used administrative data from Ontario, Canada to compare the health conditions and service use of autistic women and men with adults with other developmental disabilities and with adults without developmental disabilities. Autistic women and men were more likely to have physical and mental health conditions compared to adults without developmental disabilities. Rates of health conditions were similar or lower among autistic adults compared to adults with other developmental disabilities, except more autistic adults had psychiatric conditions. Autistic women and men used higher rates of psychiatric services compared to all other groups. When comparing autistic women with same aged autistic men, sex differences were found for specific physical (Crohn’s disease/colitis, rheumatoid arthritis) and psychiatric conditions (psychotic disorders, non-psychotic disorders), as well differences in service use (emergency department visits, hospitalizations, family doctor and neurologist visits). These results further highlight the high health needs and service use of autistic women and men, as well as adults with other developmental disabilities. It is critical for future research to focus on mental health support for autistic adults and to better understand how to tailor supports to best serve autistic women. ER  - 
Importance of a multi-tiered treatment approach for intellectually and developmentally disabled patients with hidradenitis suppurativa$$$ Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic, debilitating skin condition that is characterized by painful pustules, nodules, abscesses, and sinus tracts. The complicated and fast-evolving treatment of HS consists of a multi-tiered approach that includes, antibacterial, antihormonal, anti-inflammatory, and surgical options. Studies have demonstrated an earlier age of onset and increased prevalence of HS in patients with intellectual and developmental disability (IDD) compared to patients without IDD. To explore the use of an intensive multi-tiered HS management algorithm that requires monthly office visits, monthly intravenous therapy, and several daily treatment modalities in an HS population with IDD, we conducted an IRB-approved retrospective chart review of HS patients treated at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine-Montefiore HS Center (HSC) with diagnoses of concurrent IDD to investigate their demographic and diagnostic characteristics, as well as the spectrum of therapies employed in this cohort. A total of 22 HS patients with concomitant IDD, including trisomy 21, unspecified intellectual disability, autism spectrum disorder, and trisomy 13 were identified. Therapies utilized in this cohort for HS included topical and oral antibiotics, spironolactone, finasteride, oral contraceptive pills, infliximab, adalimumab, isotretinoin, intralesional and intramuscular triamcinolone injections, and excisional surgery. In conclusion, our findings indicate that despite the practical challenges, daily oral antibiotic regimens, anti-androgen combinations, oral retinoids, infliximab, adalimumab, and surgery collectively play important roles in treating HS patients with IDD. Our cases underscore the importance of utilizing the full range of modalities as the HS treatment algorithm continues to evolve. ER  - 
Pediatric abusive head trauma: visual outcomes, evoked potentials, diffusion tensor imaging, and relationships to retinal hemorrhages$$$ Purpose: Function and anatomy of the visual system were evaluated in children with abusive head trauma (AHT). The relationships between retinal hemorrhages at presentation were examined with outcome measures. Methods: Retrospective review of data in children with AHT for 1) visual acuity at last follow-up, 2) visual evoked potentials (VEP) after recovery, 3) diffusion metrics of white matter tracts and grey matter within the occipital lobe on diffusion tensor imaging (DTI), and 4) patterns of retinal hemorrhages at presentation. Visual acuity was converted into logarithm of minimum angle of resolution (logMAR) after correction for age. VEPs were also scored by objective signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). Results: Of 202 AHT victims reviewed, 45 met inclusion criteria. Median logMAR was reduced to 0.8 (approximately 20/125 Snellen equivalent), with 27% having no measurable vision. Thirty-two percent of subjects had no detectable VEP signal. VEPs were significantly reduced in subjects initially presenting with traumatic retinoschisis or hemorrhages involving the macula (p < 0.01). DTI tract volumes were decreased in AHT subjects compared to controls (p < 0.001). DTI metrics were most affected in AHT victims showing macular abnormalities on follow-up ocular examination. However, DTI metrics were not correlated with visual acuity or VEPS. There was large inter-subject variability within each grouping. Discussion: Mechanisms causing traumatic retinoschisis, or traumatic abnormalities of the macula, are associated with significant long-term visual pathway dysfunction. AHT associated abnormalities of the macula, and visual cortical pathways were more fully captured by VEPs than visual acuity or DTI metrics. ER  - 
Seizures in eating disorders$$$ Objective: To complete a descriptive study of seizure etiology in a large population of eating disorder (ED) patients and to better understand whether malnutrition itself, in those with EDs, is associated with seizure development. Method: In this retrospective study, 75 patients with documented seizures met inclusion criteria from a total of 1664 charts. Results: Prevalence of seizures in this ED cohort was found to be 4.5%, with 29.3% of individuals experiencing seizures due to psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Other common causes of seizures included substance abuse/withdrawal (18.7%), primary seizure disorder (12%), and electrolyte abnormalities/hypoglycemia (10.7%). Three patients (4%) also developed their seizures presumably due to Wernicke's encephalopathy (WE). Discussion: Several etiologies of seizures are reported from this large sample of ED patients, and this is also the first study to report on a possible association of WE as a cause of seizures in ED patients. The contribution of WE and malnutrition toward the development of seizures in this population remains to be determined, and future studies should also seek to better understand the inter-relationship between malnutrition and the other variables discussed in this article, such as hypomagnesemia, toward seizure development. Public significance: The medical complications of EDs are myriad but seizures have not historically been considered one of those direct complications of malnutrition. The findings of this retrospective study suggest that seizure development may be a direct and indirect complication associated with EDs. The presentation of Wernicke's encephalopathy, which can also be associated with development of seizures, requires further investigation in those with EDs. ER  - 
Neurological and imaging phenotypes of adults with untreated phenylketonuria: new cases and literature review$$$ Objectives: Phenylketonuria (PKU) is the most prevalent congenital disease of amino acid metabolism. Neurological manifestations usually complicate PKU in untreated adult patients. This study describes neurological and imaging phenotypes of adult patients with untreated PKU. Methods: We investigated a cohort of 320 unrelated adult patients with suspected genetic leukoencephalopathies using whole-exome sequencing (WES). We analyzed the phenotypic features of adult PKU patients in our cohort and summarized cases reported in the literature. Results: We identified 10 patients in our cohort and 12 patients in the literature, who presented with neurological manifestations and were diagnosed with PKU in adulthood. Approximately 60% of these patients had onset of clinical features in adulthood. The most common neurological symptoms of patients presenting in adulthood were cognitive disturbance and spastic paralysis, followed by vision loss, cerebellar ataxia, weakness of limbs, and seizure. This differed from that of patients presenting with PKU features in childhood, who consistently had mental retardation with various neurological complications emerging during a broad age range. Imaging findings were similar between patients presenting with clinical features in childhood compared with adulthood, comprising symmetric periventricular white matter hyperintense on T2-weighted imaging and diffusion-weighted imaging predominantly in the parietal and occipital lobes. Also, normal brain imaging and diffuse leukoencephalopathies were observed in both patient groups. Conclusion: PKU with clinical features presenting in adulthood is an atypical subtype and should be considered during diagnosis of adults with neurological symptoms and leukoencephalopathy. DWI seems to be most helpful to distinguish patients with PKU. Additionally, we demonstrate that PKU constitutes a part (3.1%) of adult genetic leukoencephalopathies. ER  - 
Central nervous system thrombosis in pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia in Turkey: A multicenter study$$$ Background: In patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), the risk of thromboembolism increases due to hemostatic changes secondary to the primary disease and due to treatment-related factors. In this multicenter study, we aimed to research the frequency of central nervous system (CNS) thrombosis occurring during treatment, hereditary and acquired risk factors, clinical and laboratory features of patients with thrombosis, treatment approaches, and thrombosis-related mortality and morbidity rates in pediatric ALL patients. Procedure: Pediatric patients who developed CNS thrombosis during ALL treatment from 2010 to 2021 were analyzed retrospectively in 25 different Pediatric Hematology Oncology centers in Türkiye. The demographic characteristics of the patients, symptoms associated with thrombosis, the stage of the leukemia treatment during thrombosis, the anticoagulant therapy applied for thrombosis, and the final status of the patients recorded through electronic medical records were determined. Results: Data from 70 patients with CNS thrombosis during treatment, out of 3968 pediatric patients with ALL, were reviewed. The incidence of CNS thrombosis was 1.8% (venous: 1.5 %; arterial: 0.03%). Among patients with CNS thrombosis, 47 had the event in the first 2 months. Low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) was the most commonly used treatment with a median of 6 months (min–max: 3–28 months). No treatment-related complications occurred. Chronic thrombosis findings occurred in four patients (6%). In five (7%) patients who developed cerebral vein thrombosis, neurological sequelae (epilepsy and neurological deficit) remained. One patient died related to thrombosis, and the mortality rate was 1.4%. Conclusion: Cerebral venous thrombosis and, less frequently, cerebral arterial thrombosis may develop in patients with ALL. The incidence of CNS thrombosis is higher during induction therapy than during other courses of treatment. Therefore, patients receiving induction therapy should be monitored carefully for clinical findings suggestive of CNS thrombosis. ER  - 
New-onset functional tics during the COVID-19 pandemic: Clinical characteristics of 105 cases from a single centre$$$ Background and purpose: The COVID-19 pandemic has been associated amongst other things with a sharp increase in adolescents and young adults presenting acutely with functional tics. Initial reports have suggested clinically relevant differences between functional tics and neurodevelopmental tics seen in primary tic disorders such as Tourette syndrome. We aimed to provide confirmatory findings from the largest single-centre cohort to date. Methods: In the present study we present data from 105 consecutive patients who developed functional tics during a 3-year period overlapping with the COVID-19 pandemic (April 2020–March 2023). All patients underwent a comprehensive neuropsychiatric assessment at a single specialist centre for tic disorders. Results: Female adolescents and young adults accounted for 69% of our sample. Functional tics had an acute/subacute onset in most cases (75% with a peak of severity within 1 month). We found a disproportionately high frequency of complex movements (81%) and vocalizations (75%). A subset of patients (23%) had a pre-existing primary tic disorder (Tourette syndrome with functional overlay). The most common psychiatric co-morbidities were anxiety (70%) and affective disorders (40%). Moreover, 41% of patients had at least one functional neurological disorder in addition to functional tics. Exposure to tic-related social media content was reported by half of the patients. Conclusions: Our findings confirm substantial clinical differences between functional tics developed during the pandemic and neurodevelopmental tics. Both patient- and tic-related red flags support the differential diagnostic process and inform ongoing monitoring in the post-pandemic era. ER  - 
A longitudinal cohort study of mediators of health-related quality of life after pediatric epilepsy surgery or medical treatment$$$ Objectives: The purpose of this longitudinal cohort study was to examine the variables that influence health-related quality of life (HRQOL) after epilepsy surgery in children. We examined whether treatment type (surgical vs medical therapy) and seizure control are related to other variables that have been shown to influence HRQOL, namely depressive symptoms in children with epilepsy or their parents, and the availability of family resources. Methods: In total, 265 children with drug-resistant epilepsy were recruited from eight epilepsy centers across Canada at the time of their evaluation for candidacy for epilepsy surgery and were assessed at baseline, 6-month, 1-year, and 2-year follow-up. Parents completed the Quality of Life in Childhood Epilepsy Questionnaire (QOLCE-55) and measures of family resources and depression; children completed depression inventories. Causal mediation analyses using natural effect models were used to evaluate the extent to which the relationship between treatment and HRQOL was explained by seizure control, child and parent depressive symptoms, and family resources. Results: Overall, 111 children underwent surgery and 154 were treated with medical therapy only. The HRQOL scores of surgical patients were 3.4 points higher (95% confidence interval [CI]: −0.2, 7.0) relative to medical patients at the 2-year follow-up after adjusting for baseline covariates, with 66% of the effect of surgery attributed to seizure control. Child or parent depressive symptoms and family resources had negligible mediation effects between treatment and HRQOL. The effect of seizure control on HRQOL was not mediated by child or parent depressive symptoms, or by family resources. Significance: The findings demonstrate that seizure control is on the causal pathway between epilepsy surgery and improved HRQOL in children with drug-resistant epilepsy. However, child and parent depressive symptoms and family resources were not significant mediators. The results highlight the importance of achieving seizure control to improve HRQOL. ER  - 
Diabetes treatment deintensification in Australians with dementia compared to the general population: A national cohort study$$$ Background: Diagnosis of dementia may change peoples' goals of care. In people with diabetes, this may lead to relaxing treatment targets and reducing the use of diabetes medications. The aim of this study was to examine changes in diabetes medication use before and after initiating medication for dementia. Methods: A national cohort of people aged 65–97 years, living with dementia and diabetes, and a general population cohort with diabetes matched for age, sex, and index date were extracted from the Australian national medication claims database. Trajectories of diabetes medication use, expressed as mean defined daily dose (DDD) each month for each individual from 24 months before to 24 months after the index date, were estimated using group-based trajectory modeling (GBTM). Cohorts were analyzed separately. Results: People with dementia (N = 1884) and the matched general population (N = 7067) had a median age of 80 years (interquartile range 76–84) and 55% were female. In both models, people exhibited one of five diabetes medication trajectories, with 16.5% of people with dementia and 24.0% of the general population assigned to trajectories that represented deintensification. In the general population model, those on deintensifying trajectories were older than those on stable trajectories (median 83 vs. 79 years). In the dementia cohort model, those on high or low deintensifying trajectories were slightly older (median age 81 or 82, respectively, vs. 80 years) and had at least 1 more comorbidity (median 8 or 7, respectively, vs. 6) than those on stable trajectories. Conclusions: Initiating medication for dementia does not appear to be a trigger for deintensification of diabetes treatment regimens. Deintensification was more common in the general population; people living with dementia are potentially overtreated for diabetes. ER  - 
Assessing the Menstrual Cycle and Related Problems in Adolescents with a Genetic Syndrome Associated with Intellectual Disability$$$ Study Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the experience and quality of life (QoL) related to menstruation in adolescents with a genetic syndrome accompanying intellectual disability (ID). Methods: This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted on 49 adolescents with a genetic syndrome accompanied by ID, which was defined by the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-Revised, and 50 unaffected controls. In a survey created by the authors, demographic information, menstrual history, and information regarding menstrual difficulties, school abstinence, dysmenorrhea, and premenstrual changes were collected. The Childhood Health Assessment Questionnaire was used to evaluate physical impairment, whereas the QoL scale was utilized to evaluate QoL in general and during menstruation. Data were collected from caregivers and additionally from the participants with mild ID, whereas in the control group, data were collected from the participants. Results: Menstrual history was similar between the 2 groups. Menstruation-related school absenteeism was higher among the ID group (8% vs 40.5%, P <.001). Mothers reported that 73% of their daughters needed help with menstruation care. Social, school, psychosocial functioning, and total QoL scores during menstruation were significantly lower in the ID group when compared with the controls. A significant decrease in physical, emotional, social, psychosocial functioning, and total QoL score occurred during menstruation in the ID group. None of the mothers requested menstrual suppression. Conclusion: Although menstrual patterns in the 2 groups were similar, QoL decreased significantly while menstruating in the ID group. Despite a decrease in QoL, an increase in school absenteeism, and a high percentage of needing assistance while menstruating, none of the mothers requested menstrual suppression. ER  - 
Delayed episodic memory recall after one week is associated with executive functions and divided attention in pediatric epilepsy patients$$$ Aim: Recent studies suggest that although children with epilepsy may show normal learning and memory performance, accelerated long-term forgetting (ALF) may become evident over time. Our study examined associations between delayed episodic memory performance (recall 1-week after learning) and executive functions. Method: A consecutive sample of children with a diagnosis of idiopathic epilepsy with focal or generalized seizures, without morphologic or metabolic abnormalities (n = 20, mean age: 11.70 years) was compared to an IQ-matched healthy control group (n = 20, mean age: 11.55 years). We also assessed parents’ and children's rating of forgetting in everyday life and explored its association with delayed episodic memory recall. Results: Similar to results from recent studies of pediatric patients with temporal lobe epilepsy or genetic generalized epilepsy, our pediatric epilepsy patients showed a significantly elevated recall loss over time, although verbal learning, immediate and 30-minute recall was comparable to the matched control group. Additionally, delayed memory recall in patients was moderately associated with their subjective rating of forgetting, as well as with executive functions (verbal fluency and switching) and divided attention. Interpretation: We assume that executive functions play a crucial role in deep memory encoding, facilitating stronger and more enduring memory traces. Given that approximately 20% of epilepsy patients – compared to a healthy reference sample – had a significantly reduced delayed recall and due to the clinical relevance of long-term memory, age-appropriate standard norms for free memory recall after 1-week are desirable. ER  - 
CSF neopterin and quinolinic acid are biomarkers of neuroinflammation and neurotoxicity in FIRES and other infection-triggered encephalopathy syndromes$$$ Objective: Infection-triggered encephalopathy syndromes (ITES) are potentially devastating neuroinflammatory conditions. Although some ITES syndromes have recognisable MRI neuroimaging phenotypes, there are otherwise few biomarkers of disease. Early detection to enable immune modulatory treatments could improve outcomes. Methods: We measured CSF neopterin, quinolinic acid, kynurenine and kynurenine/tryptophan ratio using a liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry (LC–MS/MS) system. The CSF of 18 children with ITES were compared with acute encephalitis (n = 20), and three control groups, namely epilepsy (n = 20), status epilepticus (n = 18) and neurogenetic controls (n = 20). Results: The main ITES phenotypes in 18 patients were acute encephalopathy with biphasic seizures and late restricted diffusion (AESD, n = 4), febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome (FIRES n = 4) and other ITES phenotypes. Influenza A was the most common infectious trigger (n = 5), and 50% of patients had a preceding notable neurodevelopmental or family history. CSF neopterin, quinolinic acid and kynurenine were elevated in ITES group compared to the three control groups (all p < 0.0002). The ROC (area under curve) for CSF neopterin (99.3%, CI 98.1–100) was significantly better than CSF pleocytosis (87.3% CI 76.4–98.2) (p = 0.028). Elevated CSF neopterin could discriminate ITES from other causes of seizures, status epilepticus and febrile status epilepticus (all p < 0.0002). The elevated CSF metabolites normalised during longitudinal testing in two patients with FIRES. Interpretation: CSF neopterin and quinolinic acid are neuroinflammatory and excitotoxic metabolites. This CSF metabolomic inflammatory panel can discriminate ITES from other causes of new onset seizures or status epilepticus, and rapid results (4 h) may facilitate early immune modulatory therapy. ER  - 
Factors associated with lamotrigine concentration/dose ratio in individuals with bipolar disorders$$$ Monitoring of lamotrigine levels is recommended in epilepsy. However, in bipolar disorders (BD), no study has described the therapeutic range in daily practice and factors being associated to it. We used retrospective data of individuals with BD, treated with lamotrigine, and included in the FondaMental Advanced Centers of Expertise for Bipolar Disorders cohort. We extracted clinical and biological data and explored associations between these variables and lamotrigine concentration/dose (C/D) ratio. The database included 675 individuals who received lamotrigine at inclusion, whose main characteristics were female sex (68.3%) and BD type 2 (52.1%). Data about lamotrigine C/D ratio were available for 205 individuals. Lamotrigine C/D ratio was significantly associated with: Body Mass Index (BMI) (r=-0.159), estimated GFR (glomerular filtration rate) (r=-0.228), total bilirubin (r = 0.241) and at a trend level, antidepressant co-prescription (U = 3169). The model obtained was: lamotrigine C/D ratio = 1.736 - 0.013*BMI + 0.095*total bilirubin (UI/L) - 0.007*eGFR (ml/min) + 0.210*AST/ALT – 0.004*GGT (UI/L) + 0.014*age (year) + 0.303*currently smoking (yes or no) – 0.588*antidepressant co-prescription (yes or no) – 0.357*gender (F = 1.899, p = 0.057, adjusted R2 = 0.11) Information about plasma lamotrigine C/D ratio were available for only 205 out of the 675 individuals in the database and has been obtained from different laboratories. The representativeness of the included sample may be questionable. This is the first study providing information on a large sample of individuals with BD regarding factors associated with lamotrigine C/D ratio. This study allows to propose a model of lamotrigine C/D ratio that would deserve further replication. ER  - 
Outcome of Absence Epilepsy With Onset at 8-11 Years of Age: Watershed Ages When Syndromes Overlap$$$ Introduction: Absence seizures occur in various epilepsy syndromes, including childhood and juvenile absence epilepsy and juvenile myoclonic epilepsy. When children present with absence seizures at ages when syndromes overlap, initial syndrome designation is not always possible, making early prognostication challenging. For these children, the study objective is to determine clinical and initial electroencephalograph (EEG) findings to predict the development of generalized tonic-clonic seizures, which is a factor that affects outcome. Methods: Children with new-onset absence seizures between 8 and 11 years of age with at least 5 years of follow-up data were studied through the review of medical records and initial EEG tracings. Results: Ninety-eight patients were included in the study. The median age of absence seizure onset was 9 years (interquartile range [IQR] = 8.00, 10.00) and follow-up was 15 years (IQR = 13.00, 18.00). Forty-six percent developed generalized tonic-clonic seizures and 20% developed myoclonic seizures. On multiple regression analysis, a history of myoclonic seizures, anxiety, as well as bifrontal slowing and mild background slowing on initial EEG (P <.05) were associated with generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Although not statistically significant, a shorter duration of shortest EEG burst on baseline EEG was also associated with generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Conclusion: On initial EEG, bifrontal and background slowing and myoclonic seizures and anxiety are associated with developing generalized tonic-clonic seizures, which is of prognostic significance when early syndrome designation is difficult. ER  - 
Virtual Reality Technology to Enhance Conventional Rehabilitation Program: Results of a Single-Blind, Randomized, Controlled Pilot Study in Patients with Global Developmental Delay$$$ Global developmental delay (GDD) is a complex disorder that requires multimodal treatment involving different developmental skills. The objective of this single-blind, randomized, controlled pilot study is to evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of conventional rehabilitation programs integrated with the BTs-Nirvana virtual reality system. Patients with GDD aged 12 to 66 months were enrolled and treated for a 48-session cycle. Patients were randomized into two groups, (1) conventional treatment and (2) conventional treatment supplemented with the use of BTs-Nirvana, in a 1:1 ratio. Before and after treatments, areas of global development were tested with the Griffiths-III Mental Developmental Scale and the clinical indicator of global improvement were measured with the Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement (CGI-I). Feasibility was confirmed by the high retention rate. The experimental group presented a significantly improvement in General Quotient (GQ) after treatment (GQ, p = 0.02), and the effect of the two treatments was significantly different in both the GQ (t =2.44; p = 0.02) and the Foundations of Learning subscale (t =3.66; p < 0.01). The overall improvement was also confirmed by the CGI-I (p = 0.03). According to these preliminary data, virtual reality can be considered a useful complementary tool to boost the effectiveness of conventional therapy in children with GDD. ER  - 
Risks of neurological and psychiatric sequelae 2 years after hospitalisation or intensive care admission with COVID-19 compared to admissions for other causes$$$ The association between COVID-19 and subsequent neurological and psychiatric disorders is well established. However, two important questions remain unanswered. First, what are the risks in those admitted to intensive care unit (ICU) with COVID-19? Admission to ICU is itself associated with neurological and psychiatric sequelae and it is not clear whether COVID-19 further increases those risks or changes their profile. Second, what are the trajectories of neurological and psychiatric risks in patients admitted to hospital or ICU with COVID-19, and when do the risks subside? We sought to answer these two questions using a retrospective cohort study based on electronic health records (EHR) data from the TriNetX Analytics Network (covering 89 million patients, mostly in the USA). Cohorts of patients admitted to hospital or ICU with COVID-19 were propensity score-matched (for 82 covariates capturing risk factors for COVID-19 and more severe COVID-19 illness) to patients admitted to hospital or ICU (respectively) for any other reason. Matched cohorts were followed for up to two years and the risk of 14 neurological and psychiatric outcomes were compared. A total of 280,173 patients admitted to hospital and 46,573 patients admitted to ICU with COVID-19 were successfully matched to an equal number of patients admitted to hospital or ICU for any other reason. Those hospitalised with COVID-19 were found to be at a greater risk of a range of neurological and psychiatric outcomes including seizure/epilepsy, encephalitis, myoneural junction/muscle disease, Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS), dementia, cognitive deficits, psychotic disorder, mood and anxiety disorders, but not ischaemic stroke or intracranial haemorrhage. When risks were elevated after COVID-19, most remained so for the whole two years of follow-up (except for mood and anxiety disorders). Risk profiles and trajectories were substantially different among those admitted to ICU: compared to those admitted for any other reasons, those admitted with COVID-19 were at a greater risk of myoneural junction/muscle disease, GBS, cognitive deficits and anxiety disorder, but at a significantly lower risk of ischaemic stroke, intracranial haemorrhage, encephalitis, and mood disorder. When elevated, the risks in those admitted to ICU with COVID-19 were mostly short-lived. In summary, risks of neurological and psychiatric sequelae in patients hospitalised with COVID-19 are wide ranging and long standing whereas those in patients admitted to ICU with COVID-19 are similar to, or lower than, the risks observed post-ICU admission for any other cause. These contrasting risk trajectories are relevant for researchers, clinicians, patients, and policymakers. ER  - 
820-nm Transcranial near-infrared stimulation on the left DLPFC relieved anxiety: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study$$$ Objective: Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is a chronic mood disease associated with abnormal brain network connections, including decreased activity in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Cortical excitability can be increased with 820-nm transcranial near-infrared stimulation (tNIRS), while transcranial magnetic stimulation with electroencephalography (TMS-EEG) can help evaluate time-varying brain network connectivity. A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial was conducted to assess the efficacy of tNIRS on the left DLPFC and the impact on time-varying brain network connections in GAD patients. Methods: A total of 36 GAD patients were randomized to receive active or sham tNIRS for 2 weeks. Clinical psychological scales were assessed before, after, and at the 2-, 4-, and 8-week follow-ups. TMS-EEG was performed for 20 min before and immediately after tNIRS treatment. The healthy controls did not receive tNIRS and only had TMS-EEG data collected once in the resting state. Results: The Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA) scores of the active stimulation group decreased post-treatment compared with the sham group (P = 0.021). The HAMA scores of the active stimulation group at the 2-, 4-, and 8-week follow-up assessments were lower than those before treatment (P < 0.05). The time-varying EEG network pattern showed an information outflow from the left DLPFC and the left posterior temporal region after active treatment. Conclusion: Herein, 820-nm tNIRS targeting the left DLPFC had significant positive effects on therapy for GAD that lasted at least 2 months. tNIRS may reverse the abnormality of time-varying brain network connections in GAD. ER  - 
Inside the Bell Jar of Social Media: A Descriptive Study Assessing YouTube Coverage of Psychotropic Medication Adherence$$$ The global mental health crisis is a longstanding one that impacts a multitude of patient populations worldwide. Within this crisis, psychiatric medication adherence is yet another complex public health challenge that continues to persist and contribute towards the chronic nature of the increased incidence and prevalence of psychiatric morbidities, which in turn result in the sequalae of substantial costs to humanity, the healthcare system, lost productivity, functioning and disability among patients with mental disorders. Psychotropic medication adherence is a significant part of psychiatric care and treatment across severity levels of mental illness. This health behavior is also filled with complexities, given the abundance of social and behavioral determinants as well as intrinsic and extrinsic factors that surround this health behavior. Examining contexts for promoting this health behavior change is crucial in determining directions for addressing it more optimally. There have been several published studies on considerations and interventions to address this health behavior; however, to date, no studies have been published on assessing coverage and directions of content across social media platforms, which trend as a rising health communication medium in our digital era. The present study is the first of its kind to dive into exploring the nature of widely viewed content and deliverers of this content on a prominent social media platform, YouTube, as the basis to determine potential directions for future intervention that can extend to reaching more patients struggling with this high-risk health behavior across the world, given the global reach of social media. ER  - 
Prophylactic Administration of Tranexamic Acid Reduces Blood Products’ Transfusion and Intensive Care Admission in Women Undergoing High-Risk Cesarean Sections$$$ Postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) remains a major cause of maternal mortality. Tranexamic acid (TxA) has shown effectiveness in reducing PPH-related maternal bleeding events and deaths. We conducted a cohort study including parturient women at high risk of bleeding after undergoing a cesarean section (CS). Participants were divided into two groups: the treatment group received prophylactic 1-g TxA before surgery (n = 500), while the comparison group underwent CS without TxA treatment (n = 500). The primary outcome measured increased maternal blood loss following CS, defined as more than a 10% drop in hemoglobin concentration within 24 h post-CS and/or a drop of ≥2 g/dL in maternal hemoglobin concentration. Secondary outcomes included PPH indicators, ICU admission, hospital stay, TxA complications, and neonatal data. TxA administration significantly reduced hemoglobin decrease by more than 10%: there was a 35.4% decrease in the TxA group vs. a 59.4% decrease in the non-TxA group, p < 0.0001 and hemoglobin decreased by ≥2 g/dL (11.4% in the TxA group vs. 25.2% in non-TxA group, p < 0.0001), reduced packed red blood cell transfusion (p = 0.0174), and resulted in lower ICU admission rates (p = 0.034) and shorter hospitalization (p < 0.0001). Complication rates and neonatal outcomes did not differ significantly. In conclusion, prophylactic TxA administration during high-risk CS may effectively reduce blood loss, providing a potential intervention to improve maternal outcomes. ER  - 
Relationship of Fibroblast Growth Factor 23 Serum Levels with Disease Characteristics in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Patients$$$ Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23), a hormone secreted by osteocytes and osteoblasts, is a major regulator of vitamin D and phosphate homeostasis. FGF23 has been associated with the disturbance of mineral homeostasis, and with kidney and cardiovascular diseases. Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is an autoimmune disorder that can affect virtually any organ. In the present work, we set out to analyze the relationship of FGF23 with the expression of SLE, including patterns of activity, damage, and severity. A total of 284 well-characterized patients with SLE were recruited. Activity (SLEDAI), severity (Katz), and damage index (SLICC-DI) scores were determined. The serum levels of FGF23 were also assessed. Multivariable linear regression analysis was performed to study the relationship between disease characteristics and FGF23. FGF23 and 25(OH) vitamin D were negatively correlated. Furthermore, prednisone use was associated with higher circulating FGF23 after an adjustment for confounding factors. SLICC-DI was related to higher serum levels of FGF23 after a multivariable analysis. However, when the SLICC-DI index items and domains were analyzed separately, apart from proteinuria ≥3.5 gm/24 h, only the musculoskeletal domain, encompassing arthritis and osteoporosis, was significantly associated with higher serum levels of FGF23. In conclusion, an association is observed between elevated serum FGF23 levels and disease damage, particularly related to musculoskeletal complications and proteinuria, in patients with SLE. ER  - 
Long-Term Non-Congenital Cardiac and Renal Complications in Down Syndrome: A Study of 32,936 Patients$$$ Background: Individuals with Down syndrome are at a higher risk of cardiac, renal, and other health issues due to a complex disease physiology. However, few data exist on long-term disease risks to guide prevention and care. We aimed to determine the 10-year incidence of cardiac, renal, and urinary tract complications in Down syndrome versus matched controls. Methods: This retrospective cohort study utilized a large collaborative database. We identified 32,444 patients with Down syndrome and matched controls, excluding those with pre-follow-up target events. Covariates included demographics, lifestyle factors, and comorbidities. Outcomes were ischemic heart disease, hypertension, hypothyroidism, epilepsy, urinary tract infections and chronic kidney disease. We calculated unadjusted and adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using Cox regression and plotted Kaplan–Meier survival curves. Findings: Over 10 years, Down syndrome patients showed a 3.7-fold higher ischemic heart disease risk (95% CI: 3.0–4.6) and a 1.6-fold higher hypertension risk (95% CI: 1.4–1.8) versus controls. Hypothyroidism (HR = 2.0; 95% CI: 1.7–2.4), epilepsy (HR = 4.5; 95% CI: 3.5–5.8), and urinary tract infection (HR = 3.9; 95% CI: 3.4–4.6) risks were also higher. Chronic kidney disease risk was 2.7-fold greater (95% CI: 2.1–3.5). Survival analysis confirmed a significantly higher incidence of all outcomes in Down syndrome (p < 0.0001). Interpretation: This large study found major health challenges in Down syndrome, with risks 3- to 5-fold higher for chronic conditions versus matched controls over 10 years. Though survival remains high with proper care, focusing resources on the prevention and management of complications in this high-risk group can optimize well-being across the lifespan. Future research accounting for limitations here would provide definitive estimates of disease risk in Down syndrome to guide targeted health strategies. ER  - 
Genotype–Phenotype Analysis of Children with Epilepsy Referred for Whole-Exome Sequencing at a Tertiary Care University Hospital$$$ Background: Despite the high consanguinity rates, data on genetic epilepsy in Saudi Arabia is limited. The objective of the current study was to characterize genetic mutations associated with epilepsy in pediatric patients and describe their phenotypic presentations. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted among children presented with epilepsy in one center in Saudi Arabia between 2015 and 2018. Only those who had undergone genetic testing were included. Results: A total of 45 patients had positive whole-exome sequencing (WES) genetic testing with 37 mutations. Six mutations (SCN1A, DENND5A, KCNQ2, ACY1, SCN2A, and PCDH19) were repeated in 15 patients, with largely heterogeneous phenotypic presentations in patients with the same mutation. Several mutations are reported for the first time in Saudi Arabia. The median age at epilepsy onset was four months. Consanguineous parents and family history of epilepsy were frequent (31.8% and 33.3%, respectively). Developmental delay (44.4%), cognitive delay (42.2%), language delay (40.0%), behavioral features (28.9%), and microcephaly (20.0%) were frequent presentations. At initial diagnosis, 68.9% of EEG and 48.9% of brain MRI were abnormal. The most currently used antiseizure medications (ASMs) were levetiracetam (48.9%), topiramate (28.9%), and valproic acid (20.0%). Approximately 60% of the patients were controlled with (47.6%) or without (11.9%) ASMs, and three (7.1%) patients died. Conclusions: Multiple mutations among children with epilepsy are reported in one hospital in Saudi Arabia, with the majority reported for the first time. The current findings highlight the importance of doing genetic testing for the evaluation of childhood epilepsy. ER  - 
Comorbidities Affecting Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Retrospective Chart Review$$$ Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a developmental disorder characterized by deficits in social interaction/communication, restricted interests, and repetitive behaviors. Recent discussions have emerged worldwide regarding the heterogeneity around presentation/etiology and comorbidities. This study aimed to determine the frequency and characteristics of comorbidities among children diagnosed with ASD in Manitoba and to evaluate differences in presentation between those with and without medical comorbidities. We conducted a retrospective chart review of >1900 electronic charts at the only publicly funded referral site for children ≤6 years requiring evaluation for ASD in Manitoba. All children aged 0–6 years diagnosed with ASD at this site between May 2016 and September 2021 were identified. χ2 and t-tests were used to compare groups. Of the total of 1858 children identified, 1452 (78.1%) were boys, 251 (13.5%) were prematurely born, and 539 (29.0%) had ≥1 medical comorbidity. Global developmental delay (GDD) was diagnosed in 428 (23.0%). The age of referral and diagnosis did not differ between groups. Comorbidities were more common among premature children (16.0% vs. 12.5%, p: 0.005) and children with comorbid GDD (34.9% vs. 18.2%, p < 0.001). Neurological comorbidities were most common (37.1%). No sex difference in the overall presence of comorbidities was found (boys = 77.1% vs. 78.5%, p: 0.518); however, girls had a higher incidence of neurological comorbidities, e.g., cerebral palsy, seizures, hypotonia (14.8% vs. 9.64%, p: 0.009), as well as genetic comorbidities (4.92% vs. 2.75%, p: 0.04). The high rates of associated neurological conditions, GDD, and prematurity add heterogeneity to this group leading to potential difficulties with prognosis and service allocation. Primary vs. secondary ASD can be a way of separating individuals based on relevant medical comorbidities. ER  - 
Demographic and geographic variations in the access time of pediatric patients presenting with staring spells$$$ Objective: To assess the demographic and geographic variations in access time – defined as years between the date of symptom onset and initial date of neurological care – in pediatric patients presenting with staring spells. Materials and methods: We conducted a secondary analysis of a retrospective chart review study from 2011 to 2021. A total of 1,353 staring spell patients, aged 0 to 17.9 years, were analyzed for age, sex, race/ethnicity, insurance, county, average county annual per capita personal income, and access time. Results: Patients aged 0–2.9 years had the shortest median access time of 0.3 years, compared to 1.2 years in patients aged 3–12.9 years and 1.0 year in patients aged 13–17.9 years. Statistically significant differences were seen based on race/ethnicity and insurance with White patients having shorter access time of 0.5 years compared to Black patients with 1.0 year and self-pay patients having the shortest access time of 0.4 years compared to patients with private insurance (0.7 years). Warren County had the largest annual per capita personal income of $65,855 and access time of 0.5 years compared to Preble county with the least annual per capita personal income of $45,016 and access time of 1.1 years. Conclusion: Demographic parameters of age, race/ethnicity, insurance, and annual county per capita personal income appeared to be associated with access time to initial neurological care in patients with staring spells. These associations need to be investigated further to ensure timely access to neurological care and to ensure equity in health care. ER  - 
Patterns of utilization and cost of healthcare services and pharmacotherapy among patients with drug-resistant epilepsy during the two-year period before neurostimulation: A descriptive analysis of the journey to implantation based on analyses of a large United States healthcare claims database$$$ Objective: To conduct a descriptive assessment of patterns of utilization and cost of healthcare services and pharmacotherapies among patients with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) before neurostimulator implantation. Methods: Using a large United States healthcare claims database, we identified all patients with DRE who were implanted with neurostimulators between January 1, 2012, and December 31, 2019. Patients without an epilepsy diagnosis on their implantation date were excluded, as were those without (1) anti-seizure medication (ASM) dispenses within 12 months of implantation date, and (2) continuous enrollment for the 24-month period before this date. Demographic and clinical characteristics were assessed over the two-year period before implantation, as were patterns of utilization and cost of healthcare services and pharmacotherapy. Care was assessed as all-cause or epilepsy-related, with the latter defined as all medical (inpatient and outpatient) care resulting in diagnoses of epilepsy and all ASM dispenses. Results: Eight hundred sixty patients met all selection criteria. Among these patients, comorbidities were common, including depression (27%), anxiety (30%), and learning disabilities (25%). Fifty-nine percent of patients had ≥1 all-cause hospitalizations; 57% had ≥1 epilepsy-related admissions. Patients averaged 8.6 epilepsy-related visits to physicians’ offices, including 5.1 neurologist visits. Mean all-cause and epilepsy-related healthcare costs during the pre-implantation period were $123,500 and $91,995, respectively; corresponding median values were $74,567 and $53,029. Median monthly all-cause healthcare costs increased by 138% during the 24-month period (from $1,042 to $2,481 in the month prior to implantation); median epilepsy-related costs, by 290% (from $383 to $1,492). Conclusions: The two-year period before neurostimulator implantation is a long and costly journey. Estimates likely minimize the burden experienced during this period, given that seizure frequency and severity—and corresponding impacts on quality of life—were unavailable in these data. Further research is needed to understand the clinical, economic, and psychological impact of the time between DRE onset and implantation among qualifying patients. ER  - 
The natural history of epilepsy and nonepileptic seizures in Sturge–Weber syndrome: A retrospective case-note review$$$ Objective: Patients with Sturge–Weber Syndrome (SWS) experience varying degrees of neurological problems – including epilepsy, hemiparesis, learning disability (LD), and stroke-like episodes. While the range of clinical problems experienced by children with SWS is well recognized, the spectrum of clinical presentation and its treatment during adulthood has been relatively neglected in the literature to date. This study explored the natural history of epileptic and nonepileptic seizures into adulthood in patients with SWS, and their treatment, and investigated whether any clinical factors predict which symptoms a patient will experience during adulthood. Methods: A retrospective case-note review of a cohort of 26 adults with SWS at the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery (NHNN). Childhood data were also recorded, where available, to enable review of change/development of symptoms over time. Results: The course of epilepsy showed some improvement in adulthood – seventeen adults continued to have seizures, while six patients gained seizure freedom, and no one had adult-onset seizures. However, seizures did worsen for some patients. Although no factors reached statistical significance regarding predicting continued epilepsy in adulthood, being male, more severe LD, having required epilepsy surgery, and bilateral cortical involvement may be important. Nonepileptic seizures (NES) also began during adulthood for four patients. Significance: By adulthood, there is some degree of improvement in epilepsy overall; while NES may occur for the first time. While the majority of the results did not survive adjustments for multiple comparisons, some interesting trends appeared, which require further investigation in a multicenter national audit. Patients with more neurologically severe presentations during childhood may continue to experience seizures. Careful monitoring and screening are needed during adulthood, to detect changes and newly developing symptoms such as NES, and target treatment promptly. ER  - 
Assessment of epilepsy awareness, knowledge, and attitudes among preclinical and clinical medical students in the West Bank of Palestine$$$ Objective: The purpose of this research was to evaluate the level of epilepsy-related awareness, knowledge, and attitude exhibited by medical students at a specific medical school in Palestine, as well as the students' reactions to the treatment and social activities provided to patients with epilepsy. Methods: A cross-sectional, observational research of 306 medical students at An-Najah National University in the West Bank, Palestine, was conducted. We used a validated survey taken from previous publications. We split the medical students into preclinical (2nd and 3rd year) and clinical (4th, 5th, and 6th year) groups to see if there were significant differences in their awareness, knowledge, attitude, and their practices toward patients with epilepsy. Several elements, such as sociodemographics, awareness, knowledge, attitude, and practices regarding epilepsy, were included in the survey. The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) 29.0. Quantitative data were expressed as mean and standard deviation, whereas qualitative data as frequencies and percentages. The chi-square test was used to compare groups. Any P-value below 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: In general, clinical medical students exhibited better epilepsy awareness, knowledge, and attitude than preclinical students. Of note, 73.6% of clinical students believe epilepsy is a treatable disorder, compared to 44.6% of preclinical students (P-value < 0.001). Some students believe that depression/anxiety (39.6%), psychosis (35.7%), jinns (evil spirit) (7.8%), evil eye (5.8%), and punishment from God (4.5%) cause epilepsy. Clinical students were more likely than preclinical students to have rotated in a neurology clinic or department (40% vs. 4.6%, P-value < 0.001). In total, 95.5% of clinical students and 86.9% of preclinical students (P-value = 0.006) thought patients with epilepsy should marry. Clinical stage students were more likely than preclinical stage students to think that patients with epilepsy can have children (92.7% vs. 83.1%, P-value = 0.009). Preclinical stage students were more likely than clinical stage students to believe that students with epilepsy should not play sports (22.3% versus 13%, P-value = 0.030). Generally, there were no significant gender differences in awareness, knowledge, and attitudes. Conclusion: The study found that medical students knew little about epilepsy types, causes, triggers, and first aid. Negative attitudes toward people with epilepsy living alone and discrimination against people with epilepsy were also observed. Students' perceptions of this prevalent disease must be improved through educational programs that provide increased opportunities for clinical exposure to this condition as well as proper inclusion of epilepsy in the regular curriculum. ER  - 
Amygdala subfield and prefrontal cortex abnormalities in patients with functional seizures$$$ Background: Functional seizures (FS) are paroxysmal episodes, resembling epileptic seizures, but without underlying epileptic abnormality. The aetiology and neuroanatomic associations are incompletely understood. Recent brain imaging data indicate cerebral changes, however, without clarifying possible pathophysiology. In the present study, we specifically investigated the neuroanatomic changes in subregions of the amygdala and hippocampus in FS. Methods: T1 MRI scans of 37 female patients with FS and 37 age-matched female seizure naïve controls (SNC) were analyzed retrospectively in FreeSurfer version 7.1. Seizure naïve controls included patients with depression and anxiety disorders. The analysis included whole-brain cortical thickness, subcortical volumes, and subfields of the amygdala and hippocampus. Group comparisons were carried out using multivariable linear models. Results: The FS and SNC groups did not differ in the whole hippocampus and amygdala volumes. However, patients had a significant reduction of the right lateral amygdala volume (p = 0.00041), an increase of the right central amygdala, (p = 0.037), and thinning of the left superior frontal gyrus (p = 0.024). Additional findings in patients were increased volumes of the right medial amygdala (p = 0.031), left anterior amygdala (p = 0.017), and left dentate gyrus of the hippocampus (p = 0.035). Conclusions: The observations from the amygdala and hippocampus segmentation affirm that there are neuroanatomic associations of FS. The pattern of these changes aligned with some of the cerebral changes described in chronic stress conditions and depression. The pattern of detected changes further study, and may, after validation, provide biomarkers for diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidity in relation to clinical characteristics of epilepsy: A retrospective observational study$$$ Purpose: Prevalence of psychiatric disorders in people with epilepsy is high. However, diagnostic validity and information about the nature of the seizure disorders are often poor in population-based studies. In a well validated and classified patient sample, we investigated psychiatric comorbidity according to clinical characteristics. Method: Participants in The Trøndelag Health Study (HUNT) with ≥ 2 diagnostic epilepsy codes during 1987–2019 were identified. Medical records were reviewed, and epilepsy was validated and classified according to ILAE. Psychiatric comorbidity was defined by ICD-codes. Results: In 448 individuals with epilepsy, 35% had at least one psychiatric disorder (anxiety and related disorders 23%, mood disorders 15%, substance abuse and personality disorders 7%, and psychosis 3%). Comorbidity was significantly higher in women than in men (p = 0.007). The prevalence of psychiatric disorders was 37% in both focal and generalized epilepsy. In focal epilepsy, it was significantly lower when etiology was structural (p = 0.011), whereas it was higher when the cause was unknown (p = 0.024). Comorbidity prevalence was 35% both in patients achieving seizure freedom and in those with active epilepsy but 38% among 73 patients with epilepsy resolved. Conclusion: Just over one third of people with epilepsy had psychiatric comorbidities. The prevalence was equal in focal and generalized epilepsy but was significantly higher in focal epilepsy of unknown cause compared to lesional epilepsy. Comorbidity was independent of seizure control at last follow-up but was slightly more common in those with resolved epilepsy, often having non-acquired genetic etiologies possibly linked to neuropsychiatric susceptibility. ER  - 
The clinical characteristics of childhood-onset and late-onset functional seizures: How do they differ?$$$ Background: We investigated childhood-onset functional seizures (FS) and late-onset FS and hypothesized that there are differences in their characteristics. Methods: In this retrospective study, we investigated all patients with confirmed FS with an age at onset of 14 years or younger and those with an age at onset of 50 years or older, who were admitted to the epilepsy monitoring units at one center in Iran (Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center, from 2008 until 2022) and one center in the USA (Vanderbilt University Medical Center, from 2011 until 2022). Results: One-hundred and forty patients were included. They included 80 patients with childhood-onset FS and 60 with late-onset FS. Those with late-onset FS were more likely to have medical comorbidities compared with the patients with childhood-onset FS (OR = 13.9). Those with late-onset FS more likely had a history of head injury compared with the patients with childhood-onset FS (OR = 5.97). Duration of illness was significantly longer in patients with childhood-onset FS compared with the patients with late-onset FS (6 years vs. 2 years). Conclusion: Our study identified several similarities and differences in the clinical characteristics and predisposing factors of patients with childhood-onset and late-onset FS. In addition, we found that childhood-onset FS is more likely to remain undiagnosed and thus untreated for many years. These findings provide additional evidence that FS is a heterogenous condition and we propose that a proportion of the differences between patients may be accounted for by age-associated factors. ER  - 
Impact of JME on quality of life: Does a well-controlled epilepsy also hamper the psychological wellbeing?$$$ Purpose: Epilepsy is a stigmatizing disorder and its diagnosis can have important psychosocial consequences on individuals, severely impacting their quality of life(QOL). There are numerous studies which have seen an adverse impact on the psychosocial aspects of life in patients with intractable epilepsy. The aim of this study was to assess the QOL in adult and adolescent patients with JME, which is largely a well-controlled form of epilepsy. Methodology: This was a hospital based cross-sectional observational study comprising of 50 JME patients. QOLIE-31-P and QOLIE–AD-48 questionnaires were used to assess QOL in adults & adolescents(11–17 years) respectively. The Mini international neuropsychiatric interview-version 7.0.2 and Brief psychiatric rating scale were used for screening of underlying psychopathology and if, the screening tests were positive then they were further evaluated and classified using DSM V and ICD 10. Results: The mean QOLIE-31-P score was 64.65 ± 15.74. Majority of the adult patients had fair QOL (poor, fair and good QOL scores in 18 %, 54 % and 28 % respectively). Subscale scores in poor category were for the medication effects and pertaining to seizure worry.Among adolescent patients, the mean QOLIE 48 AD score was 69.15 ± 13.13. 50 % had fair QOL. Amongst those with poor QOL, majority of poor scores were for the attitude towards epilepsy. The QOL scores were significantly poorer in patients with uncontrolled seizures. 78 % of the patients had comorbid anxiety and depression, however syndromic psychiatric diagnosis was seen in 10.25 % and 2.56 % for anxiety and depression respectively. Presence of psychiatric symptoms did not influence QOL scores. Conclusion: QOL, in well controlled JME, is fair in majority of patients. QOL might improve if seizure worry is addressed and patients are educated about medication effects at the time of initial diagnosis. Vast majority of patients may experience minor psychiatric issues, which do need addressal for formulating a holistic and individualized treatment plan. ER  - 
Patterns of psychotropic drug use in veterans with epilepsy: Do drug interactions matter?$$$ Rationale: Patients with epilepsy are likely to suffer from psychiatric comorbidities, including depression and anxiety. They often require treatment with multiple psychotropic drugs (PDs). While it is clear that CYP-inducing ASMs (EIASMs) can increase the oral clearance of multiple medications (thus lowering systemic exposure), it is less clear that all PK interactions are clinically meaningful (e.g. lower efficacy). As a first step in addressing this issue, this study sought to quantify the potential impact of ASM choice, whether EIASM or non-inducer (NIASM), on surrogate markers of suggestive of clinical use, including resultant antidepressant (AD) or antipsychotic (AP) dose, frequency of combination use of AD & AP, and number of multiple drug switches of PDs. Our hypothesis is that because of PK interactions, EIAED treatment would be associated with higher psychotropic drug doses, more frequent Rx adjustments and poly psychotropic comedication, all in order to optimize therapeutic response. Methods: Using VA pharmacy and national encounter databases, veterans with epilepsy were identified based on having a seizure diagnosis and being prescribed concomitantly an ASM and a psychotropic drug for at least 365 days between 10/1/2010 and 9/30/2014. Patients for whom psychotropic drugs were prescribed any time between beginning and end prescriptions dates of ASMs were considered. Among those, patients receiving both an EIASM + NEIASM concomitantly were categorized with the EIASM group. Patients were evaluated for AD only, AP only and both (AD & AP). To compute average drug doses per day, averages for each patient were computed and averaged again. Multiple drug switches were defined to be for patients who had been prescribed more than three psychotropic drugs during the observation period. Pearson's Chi-Square test was used to compare relative proportions of AD, AP and AD + AP in both groups. Results: In all, 16,188 patients were identified (57.0% on EIASM, 43.0% on NIASM) with a mean age of 58.7 years (91.2% male). A larger proportion of patients on EIASM received mono treatment with any psychotropic drug, as compared to NIASM (42.0% vs 36.1%). Among all, 59.6% received AD only, 6.5% received AP only, and 33.8% received both concurrently. Of EIASM, 62.5% were on AD, 5.9% on AP, and 31.7% on both AP & AD. For NIASM, 55.9% received AD, 7.4% AP, and 36.7% on AD & AP. Chi-square showed that the distribution of PD was statistically different between EIASM and NIASM groups. Z tests showed that each difference (AD, AP and both) in proportions was statistically significant (p values (4 tests, one Chi-square, 3 Z tests <0.001) between EIASM vs NIASM. Interestingly, mean doses of AD or AP did not appear to differ between ASM groups. Conclusions: Concurrent psychotropic drug use is quite common in the VA population with epilepsy, and a large number of patients still receive enzyme-inducing ASMs that may complicate other medical therapies. Interestingly, in seeming contradiction to our hypothesis, mean daily doses of either AD or AP did not appear to differ between inducers vs non-inducers. Similarly, use of polytherapy, and/or multiple trials of various psychotropic drugs did not appear increased in the CYP-induced group. In fact, combination therapy of AD + AP was higher in NIASM than EIASM. These data suggest that perhaps these types of PK interactions may not in fact result in meaningful clinical differences. Since the present analyses did not include clinical psychiatric measures, future analyses examining direct clinical outcomes are clearly warranted. ER  - 
Psychiatric and psychological assessment of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) with no response to previous treatments$$$ Objective: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are common imitators of epileptic seizures. Refractoriness to antiseizure medication hinders the differential diagnosis between ES and PNES, carrying deleterious consequences in patients with PNES. Psychiatric and psychological characteristics may assist in the differential diagnosis between drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) and PNES. Nevertheless, current comprehensive psychiatric and psychological descriptive studies on both patient groups are scarce and with several study limitations. This study provides a comprehensive psychiatric and psychological characterization of Spanish patients with DRE and PNES. Method: A cross-sectional and comparative study was completed with 104 patients with DRE and 21 with PNES. Psychiatric and psychological characteristics were assessed with the HADS, SCL-90-R, NEO-FFI-R, PDQ-4+, COPE, and QOLIE-31 tests. Parametric and non-parametric tests were used, and regression models were fit to further explore factors affecting patients' life quality. Results: Patients with PNES had greater levels of somatization and extraversion and were associated with benzodiazepine intake. Patients with DRE showed greater narcissistic personality disorder symptoms than those with PNES. In patients with DRE, difficulty in performing basic needs-related tasks and greater psychological distress severity and seizure frequency were associated with poorer life quality. In contrast, being a woman, having a psychiatric disorder history, and greater psychiatric symptoms’ intensity were associated with poorer life quality in patients with PNES. Conclusion: Patients with DRE and PNES share similar psychiatric and psychological characteristics, with only very few being significantly different. ER  - 
VE-MMODE – A randomized controlled trial of Venlafaxine versus Escitalopram for treatment of mild to moderate depression in persons with epilepsy$$$ Objectives: Depression in persons with epilepsy (PWE) goes undiagnosed and untreated. Despite being common, there are no direct efficacy comparisons of available antidepressants in PWE. Our aim was to compare the effectiveness of Venlafaxine (VEN) and Escitalopram (ESCIT) in comorbid depression in PWE. Methods: In a single-center, prospective, double-blinded randomized controlled trial (RCT) 90 PWE (age ≥18 years) with mild to moderate depression, were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive ESCIT (5–20 mg/day) or VEN (37.5–150 mg/day) for 8 weeks. The primary outcome was to study differences in the efficacy, based on the change in scores of the Hamilton depression rating scale (HAM-D) at 8 weeks. Seizure frequency, QOLIE-31, adverse event profile, and medication adherence were secondary outcome measures. Results: Using the NDDI-E scale, we screened 350 PWE, 90 were enrolled. ITT analysis included all participants and the PP analysis included 40 participants to VEN group and 42 to ESCIT group. Baseline mean (±SD) HAM-D scores for both groups were similar (13.53 ± 3.27; 13.02 ± 3.57). The mean difference (95%CI) on HAM-D scores at 8 weeks was found to be significant within both groups (ITT/PP- VEN: 7.75(6.75, 8.79)/7.92 (7.06, 8.78); p < 0.001, ESCIT: 8.21 (7.39, 9.03)/8.23(7.43, 9.04); p < 0.001). However, there was no significant difference in the efficacy of VEN versus ESCIT at 8 weeks. A significant improvement in QOLIE-31 index and seizure frequency was observed from baseline in both the groups. 90% of those on VEN and 92.9% of those using ESCIT adhered to the treatment at week 8. Adverse events were more in VEN group than the ESCIT group. Conclusions: This study found that HAMD scores improved significantly in the ESCIT and VEN groups, despite the fact that there was no clinically meaningful difference observed between the two groups. Trials with a larger sample size and longer duration are required to establish whether ESCIT or VEN is superior. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of immediate switch from sodium channel blockers to Lacosamide$$$ Lacosamide (LCM) is a new-generation anti-seizure medication approved for monotherapy and add-on therapy for focal-onset epilepsy. It has novel pharmacodynamics and favorable pharmacokinetic qualities with good clinical response. This study aims to evaluate the effectiveness and tolerability of LCM when used in the immediate switch from sodium channel blockers in patients with focal-onset and generalized-onset epilepsies. This retrospective, multicenter observational study was conducted with adult patients who received LCM as mono- or polytherapy through immediate switch with 6 to 52 months follow-up. The clinical data obtained during the follow-up period were analyzed to assess retention rate, seizure freedom, more than 50% seizure reduction, and adverse effects. A total of 32 patients (eight females, 24 males) with a median age of 49.75 (range, 23–86) years, median age at epilepsy onset of 32.58 (range, 0.5–85) years, and median epilepsy duration of 17.17 (range, 1–46) years were included in this study. Seizure frequency was between 1 and 90 in the past 6 months. Seven (21.9%) of the patients had structural brain lesions and 27 (84.4%) of the patients had EEG abnormalities. The adverse effects leading to switching were hyponatremia, rash, elevated liver enzymes, pain, and erectile dysfunction. At 14.34 (range, 6–52) months follow-up, 30 (93.75%) patients in total retained LCM, 20 (66.7%) of them were seizure-free, and 13 were on LCM monotherapy. Responder rate was 81.25%. Eight (25%) of the patients experienced adverse effects after the immediate switch. One patient with generalized-onset epilepsy needed to quit LCM due to an increase in seizures. Seizure frequency did not change in three patients in the focal-onset group. Immediate switch to LCM showed favorable outcomes with a significant reduction in seizure frequency, high retention rates, and tolerable adverse effect profiles in both focal-onset and generalized-onset seizures. ER  - 
Cognitive outcomes at age 3 years in children with fetal exposure to antiseizure medications (MONEAD study) in the USA: a prospective, observational cohort study$$$ Background: The neurodevelopmental effects of fetal exposure to most antiseizure medications are unclear. We aimed to investigate the effects of fetal exposure to commonly used antiseizure medications on neuropsychological outcomes at age 3 years. Methods: The Maternal Outcomes and Neurodevelopmental Effects of Antiepileptic Drugs (MONEAD) study is a prospective, observational, multicentre cohort study at 20 specialty epilepsy centres in the USA. We have investigated pregnancy outcomes in women (aged 14–45 years) with and without epilepsy who were enrolled during pregnancy (≤20 weeks’ gestational age), and their children. The primary outcome for children at age 3 years was a blindly assessed Verbal Index score, which was calculated by averaging scores on the Naming Vocabulary and Verbal Comprehension subtests of Differential Ability Scales-II, Expressive Communication and Auditory Comprehension subscales of Preschool Language Scale-5, and Peabody Picture Vocabulary Test-4. Children of women with and without epilepsy were compared, and the associations of medication exposures to outcomes in exposed children were assessed. The MONEAD study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT0730170, and is ongoing. Findings: Between Dec 19, 2012, and Jan 13, 2016, 456 pregnant women (351 with epilepsy and 105 without epilepsy) were enrolled into the study. 345 children were born to women with epilepsy and 106 children were born to women without epilepsy. Verbal Index scores at age 3 years did not differ for children of women with epilepsy (n=284; adjusted least-square mean 102·7, 95% CI 101·4 to 103·9) versus those without epilepsy (n=87; 102·3, 99·8 to 104·7). Significant risk factors for reduced Verbal Index scores included maternal intelligence quotient, maternal education, post-birth anxiety, gestational age at enrolment, child's sex, and child's ethnicity. For Verbal Index scores, antiseizure medication exposure effects were not seen for maximum third trimester blood concentrations (n=258; adjusted parameter estimate –2·9, 95% CI –6·7 to 1·0). However, in secondary analyses, exposure-dependent effects were present on multiple cognitive measures, which varied by medication. Interpretation: We found no difference in neurodevelopmental outcomes between children with fetal exposure to newer antiseizure medications compared with unexposed children. However, some exposure-dependent antiseizure medication effects were seen in secondary analyses. The adverse effects of maternal post-birth anxiety emphasise the importance of screening mothers during pregnancy and postpartum and implementing interventions. Additional studies are needed to clarify the exposure-dependent effects. Funding: National Institutes of Health, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, and National Institute of Child Health and Development. ER  - 
Long-term Outcome of Pediatric Liver Transplant Recipients Who Have Reached Adulthood: A Single-center Experience$$$ Background. As long-term survival of pediatric liver transplant recipients increases, the assessment of physical, psychological, and social well-being becomes more important. Methods. In this retrospective analysis, 120 young adult patients (age ≥18 y) who underwent liver transplantation in childhood were studied. Patients with ideal outcome were defined as patients with perfect graft function, with no complications from the immunosuppressive medication, no late retransplantation, and no steroid treatment. Also, the patients' drug adherence and their psychosocial situation were assessed. Results. After a median follow-up of 19 y, only 16.7% of the patients (mean age: 26.5 y) were considered patients with ideal outcome. The main reasons precluding ideal outcome were chronic kidney disease (38.3%), elevated liver enzymes (33.3%), and arterial hypertension (31.7%). Ideal outcome decreased over time from 54% to 42%, 26%, and 8% at 10-, 15-, 20-, and 25-y follow-up, respectively. Reduced drug adherence was noted in 24.8% of patients and associated with a significantly higher prevalence of donor-specific antibodies class II (P = 0.015), elevated transaminases (P = 0.010), and chronic rejection (P < 0.001). Also, 15% of patients had a psychiatric disease, mainly depression. Conclusions. The morbidity of young adults who underwent liver transplantation as children was high and increased over time. The majority developed complications from immunosuppression or chronic graft dysfunction. More than 1 in 7 patients had a psychiatric disease and 1 in 4 was not perfectly drug adherent. Therefore, immunosuppressive treatment and psychological care should be optimized for these particularly vulnerable patients. ER  - 
Immunogenicity and Safety of a Hexavalent DTwP-IPV-HB-PRP∼T Vaccine Versus Separate DTwP-HB-PRP∼T, bOPV, and IPV Vaccines Administered at 2, 4, 6 Months of Age Concomitantly With Rotavirus and Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccines in Healthy Infants in Thailand$$$ Background: This study investigated the immunogenicity and safety of a fully liquid, hexavalent, diphtheria (D)-tetanus (T)-whole-cell pertussis (wP)-inactivated poliovirus (IPV)-hepatitis B (HB)-Haemophilus influenzae b (PRP-T) vaccine compared to licensed DTwP-HB-PRP∼T, IPV, and bivalent oral poliovirus (bOPV) vaccines following co-administration with other pediatric vaccines [pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV13) and rotavirus vaccine]. Methods: Phase III, randomized, open-label study in Thailand. Healthy infants received DTwP-IPV-HB-PRP∼T at 2, 4 and 6 months of age (N = 228), or DTwP-HB-PRP∼T and bOPV (2, 4 and 6 months of age) and IPV (4 months of age) (N = 231). All participants received PCV13 (2, 4 and 6 months of age) and rotavirus vaccine (2 and 4 months of age). Immunogenicity for all antigens was assessed using validated assays, and noninferiority post-third dose was evaluated for anti-D, anti-T, anti-pertussis [anti-pertussis toxin (anti-PT) and anti-fimbriae 2/3 (anti-FIM)], anti-polio 1, 2, 3, anti-HB, and anti-PRP∼T. Safety was assessed using parental reports. Results: Noninferiority was demonstrated for each antigen, and overall noninferiority of DTwP-IPV-HB-PRP∼T versus DTwP-HB-PRP∼T+bOPV+IPV was concluded. Similarity in each group was observed for the GMC ratio for antirotavirus antibodies (20.9 and 17.3, respectively) and anti-PCV13 antibodies (range: 8.46-32.6 and 7.53-33.1, respectively). Two serious adverse events were related to DTwP-IPV-HB-PRP∼T (febrile convulsion and acute febrile illness) and 1 was related to DTwP-HB-PRP∼T+bOPV+IPV (febrile seizure), but overall there were no safety concerns with similar rates of participants experiencing solicited (99.1% and 98.3%) and unsolicited (19.3% and 19.5%) adverse events in each group. Conclusions: This study confirmed the suitability of DTwP-IPV-HB-PRP∼T primary series vaccination in combination with rotavirus and PCV13 vaccines. ER  - 
Functional Seizure Clinics: A Proposed Financially Viable Solution to the Neurologist Supply and Demand Mismatch$$$ Background and Objectives Projections from recent studies suggest that by 2025, there will not be enough neurologists to meet the demand in 41 states. In this study, we investigate the financial impact and improved access to care for persons with epilepsy that is possible by implementing a multidisciplinary treatment clinic for persons with functional seizures (FS), previously referred to as psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, thus separating those patients out of an epilepsy clinic. Methods This observational retrospective study used real-time data of 156 patients referred to an FS clinic integrated into a tertiary care epilepsy center to simulate its effect on epilepsy division access and finances. Access was measured using simulations of the number of return patient visits (RPVs) and new patient visits (NPVs) of patients with FS to a dedicated epilepsy clinic, based on survey results inquiring about the standard of care without the FS clinic. Finances were simulated using the resultant access multiplied by respective wRVU and reimbursement per CPT code. Results Treatment of 156 patients with FS in a multidisciplinary FS clinic resulted in 343 newly opened NPVs, reimbursement of $102,000, and 1,200 wRVUs in our dedicated epilepsy clinic. There were 686 RPVs, $103,000 in reimbursement, and 1,320 wRVUs. Relative to the total number of NPVs with epilepsy clinic epileptologists, 343 NPVs represent a biennial 15.5% increase in available new patient visit slots. Discussion Our findings describe the financial viability of integrating a treatment clinic for persons with FS by directing them to FS-specialized treatment and thereby increasing access for patients with probable epilepsy to the dedicated epilepsy clinic. This study provides a potential solution to the national mismatch in the supply and demand of neurologists and an initial framework to use for those who wish to establish or integrate FS services in their institution. ER  - 
Nationwide Study of Postlegalization Marijuana Use Among Patients With Epilepsy in Canada$$$ Background and Objectives Patients with epilepsy have long sought alternatives to conventional antiseizure medications (ASMs) for the treatment of their epilepsy and to improve the significant side effect burden of ASMs and comorbidities. It was established before the legalization of marijuana in Canada in 2018 that many patients with epilepsy use marijuana to treat their seizures or for recreational purposes. However, there exists no current data on the prevalence and habits of marijuana use in the Canadian epilepsy population since legalization. Methods We conducted a nationwide cross-sectional survey of patients recruited through health care providers or epilepsy organizations to investigate marijuana usage habits and perceptions. Results From 395 responses obtained through the survey, 221 responses stated that they used marijuana within the past year. A history of seizures for more than 10 years was noted in 50.7% (n = 148) patients with generalized seizures being the most common type (n = 169; 57.1%). Most of them (n = 154; 52.0%) had tried 3 or more ASMs, and 37.2% (n = 110) used various other treatments (ketogenic diet, vagus nerve stimulation, or resective surgery) indicating a proportion with drug-resistant epilepsy. This subgroup was more likely to have started using marijuana for drug-resistant epilepsy (p < 0.001). Current marijuana use for epilepsy management was endorsed by 47.5% (n = 116). Marijuana was “somewhat” to “very” effective at reducing seizure frequency for 60.1% (n = 123). The main side effects of marijuana were impaired thinking (n = 40; 17.17%), anxiety (n = 37; 15.74%), and altered hunger (n = 36; 15.32%). Marijuana was used at least once daily by 70.3% (n = 168) with the median amount per week being 5.0 g (IQR = 1-10), and the preferred method of consumption was smoking (n = 83; 34.7%). The participants expressed concerns regarding financial strain (n = 108; 36.5%), lack of recommendation from a doctor (n = 89; 30.1%), and lack of information (n = 56; 18.9%) surrounding marijuana use. Discussion This study reveals a high prevalence of marijuana use among patients with epilepsy living in Canada particularly when seizures are drug resistant. A significant proportion of patients reported improvement of seizures with marijuana use, consistent with previous studies. With the increased accessibility of marijuana, it is imperative that physicians are aware of marijuana usage habits among patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Impact of Prophylactic Use of Levetiracetam on Seizure Incidence in Deep Spontaneous Intracerebral Hemorrhage in Patients Admitted in a NeurolCU$$$ Background & Purpose Spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage (sICH) is associated with increased risk of seizures. Current guidelines do not recommend the routine use of seizure prophylaxis in patients with sICH. In this single center study, we sought to determine if prophylactic use of levetiracetam led to a reduction in seizure and decreased length of stay compared to patients who did not receive routine prophylaxis. Methods retrospective chart review in the period between January 2019 to October, 2022 at Cleveland Clinic Florida Neurosciences Intensive Care Unit. Patients were identified through the ICD-10 classification. Data collected included patient demographics, and ICH location and volume. Values from Intracerebral Hemorrhage, NIHHS and GCS were collected. The primary outcome of this study was incidence of seizure activity during the first seven days of admission. Secondary outcomes included ICU and hospital length of stay, and the incidence of ICU delirium Results A total of 297 patients were included in this study. The median admission NIHSS score was 9 and ICH volume was 13mL. Of these patients, 132 were initiated on prophylactic levetiracetam and for a duration equal or longer than 48-hours. The mean age of the pooled patients was 63 years. 43% were female. Of the 132 patients initiated on levetiracetam, 4.1% had a recorded clinical or electrographic seizure event compared to 8.3% in those not on seizure prophylaxis. There was no significant difference in ICU or hospital length of stay. Conclusion Albeit current guidelines do not recommend the routine use of seizure prophylaxis in sICH, the use of seizure prophylaxis with levetiracetam led to a reduction in the incidence of clinical or electrographic seizure events in patients with sICH but without significant difference in ICU or hospital length of stay. ER  - 
Prognostic factors for employment outcomes in patients with a history of childhood-onset drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Objective: The employment outcomes of childhood-onset drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) has not been studied enough. The aim of this retrospective cohort study is to investigate the employment outcomes of childhood-onset DRE in June 2022 and identify the risk factors associated with non-employment. Materials and methods: The sample consisted of 65 participants ≥18 years of age with a history of childhood-onset DRE. Fifty participants (77%) were salaried employees and 15 participants (23%) were non-employed. Clinical and psychosocial information were evaluated for calculating the relative risk (RR) of non-employment. Results: Regarding medical factors, lower IQ [RR, 0.645; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.443–0.938; p = 0.022] was positively associated with employment. In contrast, age at follow-up (RR, 1.046; 95% CI, 1.009–1.085; p = 0.014); number of ASMs at follow-up (RR, 1.517; 95% CI, 1.081–2.129; p = 0.016); use of medications such as phenobarbital (RR, 3.111; 95% CI, 1.383–6.997; p = 0.006), levetiracetam (RR, 2.471; 95% CI, 1.056–5.782; p = 0.037), and topiramate (RR, 3.576; 95% CI, 1.644–7.780; p = 0.001) were negatively associated with employment. Regarding psychosocial factor, initial workplace at employment support facilities (RR, 0.241; 95% CI, 0.113–0.513; p < 0.001) was positively associated with employment. In contrast, complication of psychiatric disorder symptoms (RR, 6.833; 95% CI, 2.141–21.810; p = 0.001) was negatively associated with employment. Regarding educational factor, graduating schools of special needs education (RR, 0.148; 95% CI, 0.061–0.360; p < 0.001) was positively associated with employment. Conclusions: Specific medical, psychosocial, and educational factors may influence the employment outcomes of childhood-onset DRE. Paying attention to ASMs’ side effects, adequately preventing the complications of psychiatric disorder symptoms, and providing an environment suitable for each patient condition would promote a fine working status for people with childhood-onset DRE. ER  - 
Augmentation of Electroconvulsive Therapy with Oral Caffeine: A Retrospective Analysis of 40 Patients with Major Depression$$$ Objective Studies have demonstrated the efficacy of injectable caffeine as an augmentation method in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). This study investigated whether orally administered caffeine increases seizure duration during ECT. Methods Medical records of 40 patients treated with a series of ECT were retrospectively analyzed. Patients whose electroencephalogram (EEG) seizure duration had dropped<30 s, or motor seizure duration<15 s were included. They subsequently received oral caffeine (0.2 g) before ECT sessions. Primary outcomes were EEG seizure duration and motor seizure duration, compared with those from the last pre-caffeine session (baseline) and the first five caffeine-augmented sessions. The mental state was assessed with the Global Assessment of Functioning (GAF). In addition, data on maximum heart rate, maximal arterial pressure, and adverse effects were collected. Results The EEG seizure duration increased by 14.9 s (52%) on average between baseline and the first caffeine-augmented session. The increased length remained widely stable over the subsequent ECT sessions. EEG seizure duration was>30 s in more than 80% of sessions. A statistically significant increase in motor seizure duration appeared only in the 2 ndand 3 rdof five sessions with augmentation. Oral caffeine pretreatment was overall well tolerated. The percentage of patients with at least serious mental impairment (GAF score≤50) dropped from 77.5 to 15%. Conclusions Results suggest the utility of oral caffeine (0.2 g) to increase ECT-induced seizures in patients with durations below clinically significant thresholds. ER  - 
The Assessment and Management of Childhood Masturbation: An Analysis of 90 Cases$$$ Aim: The child's self-stimulating pleasure behavior is defined as childhood masturbation (CM). Diagnosis of CM is mainly based on behavior and analysis of video recordings. This study aims to investigate etiological factors, movement patterns, and treatment options. Medical records and video recordings of CM in our clinic between 2015 and 2020 were retrospectively reviewed. Results: Ninety patients aged 8 months to 9 years were included in our study. The male-to-female ratio was 23/67. The mean age at onset of masturbation (mean ± standard deviation) was 21.42 ± 18.44 (6-107) months. Note that 27.7% (32) of the patients were taking antiepileptic drugs before admission. Eight of the 90 patients had abnormal electroencephalograms. The time of onset of CM was related to cessation of breast milk in 24.4%, separation from the mother in 43.3%, new siblings in 16.6%, initiation of toilet training in 7.7%, and parental divorce in 6.6%. Behavioral therapy was sufficient in 71.1%. Hydroxyzine hydrochloride in 19 (21.1%) and risperidone in 9 (10%) were given in the remaining cases. Overall, 23/28 of the cases receiving medication improved during follow-up. Conclusion: Physicians may have difficulty identifying repetitive movements in CM. Misdiagnosis or delayed diagnosis may lead to unnecessary use of antiepileptic drugs, delayed initiation of treatment, and prolonged treatment duration. Video recordings are important in the differential diagnosis of CM. CM may have psychosocial causes and can often be effectively treated with behavioral therapy. Pharmacological treatment (hydroxyzine hydrochloride and risperidone) may be considered in cases that do not respond to behavioral treatment. ER  - 
A Modified Technique for Interventional MRI-Guided Deep Brain Stimulation Using the ClearPoint System$$$ BACKGROUND:Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is increasingly performed using imaging-based techniques, which are rapidly evolving to minimize invasiveness and use limited resources efficiently.OBJECTIVE:To describe a modified surgical technique for interventional MRI-guided stereotactic procedures using ClearPoint.METHODS:A total of 160 consecutive DBS cases for Parkinson disease (48%), essential tremor (44%), dual essential tremor/Parkinson disease (3%), and dystonia (5%) were studied. Technique modifications included (1) preplanning the target/trajectory, (2) adoption of a smaller incision and new stereotactic frame, (3) changing the sequence of surgical steps, aiming to final target PRIOR to drilling, (4) reducing burr hole size, (5) minimizing dural opening, and (6) anchoring leads with a bio cement/plate combination in lieu of commercial devices. Demographic data, radial error, number of passes, and case time were prospectively collected while complications and clinical outcomes were retrospectively assessed.RESULTS:One hundred and forty seven DBS patients had 262 total leads placed. Average radial error was 0.41 mm bilaterally. Seventy nine leads had error <0.2 mm; 6 leads had error >1 mm. Pin-to-stylet insertion time, pin-to-frame removal time, and pin-to-room departure time were 2 hours 1 minute, 2 hours 48 minutes, and 3 hours 16 minutes, respectively, and were significantly shorter than those obtained with the original ClearPoint technique for our first 150 DBS cases (P <. 0001). Complications included infection with hardware removal (2.5%) and superficial hemorrhage without permanent neurological sequelae (1.9%).CONCLUSION:The modified ClearPoint technique maintains accuracy while reducing invasiveness and MRI time. This workflow can be expanded to other applications, including laser interstitial thermal therapy and gene delivery. ER  - 
Validation of the 2019 EULAR/ACR classification criteria for systemic lupus erythematosus in an academic tertiary care centre$$$ Objectives To assess the sensitivity and specificity of the 2019 EULAR/American College of Rheumatology (ACR) classification criteria for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in outpatients at an academic tertiary care centre and to compare them to the 1997 ACR and the 2012 Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics criteria. Methods Prospective and retrospective observational cohort study. Results 3377 patients were included: 606 with SLE, 1015 with non-SLE autoimmune-mediated rheumatic diseases (ARD) and 1756 with non-ARD diseases (hepatocellular carcinoma, primary biliary cirrhosis, autoimmune hepatitis). The 2019 criteria were more sensitive than the 1997 criteria (87.0% vs 81.8%), but less specific (98.1% vs 99.5% in the entire cohort and 96.5% vs 98.8% in patients with non-SLE ARD), resulting in Youden Indexes for patients with SLE/non-SLE ARD of 0.835 and 0.806, respectively. The most sensitive items were history of antinuclear antibody (ANA) positivity and detection of anti-double-stranded deoxyribonucleic acid (dsDNA) antibodies. These were also the least specific items. The most specific items were class III/IV lupus nephritis and the combination of low C3 and low C4 complement levels, followed by class II/V lupus nephritis, either low C3 or low C4 complement levels, delirium and psychosis, when these were not attributable to non-SLE causes. Conclusions In this cohort from an independent academic medical centre, the sensitivity and specificity of the 2019 lupus classification criteria were confirmed. Overall agreement of the 1997 and the 2019 criteria was very good. ER  - 
Brief Report: Psychogenic Nonepileptic Events in Pediatric Patients with Autism or Intellectual Disability$$$ This is a retrospective case series of pediatric patients referred to the psychogenic nonepileptic events clinic (PNEE) who had comorbid diagnoses of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) or intellectual disability (ID). We describe 15 patients, nine with ASD and six with ID who had a telephone visit follow-up at 12 months. There were higher rates of male gender (40%) and comorbid epilepsy (53%) compared to the larger PNEE cohort. Eleven patients were available for follow-up and ten patients had improvement in events or were event-free. We report that patients with ASD or ID can develop PNEE and experience improvement from events. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental profile and stages of regression in Phelan–McDermid syndrome$$$ Aim: To characterize the neurodevelopmental profile of patients with Phelan–McDermid syndrome (PMS) and describe the nature and trajectory of regression. Method: This was a retrospective, monocentric study examining the clinical and developmental data of 24 patients (average age = 25 years 6 months, range = 6–56 years, n = 13 males) with a confirmed 22q13.3 terminal deletion carried out at the Centre for Human Genetics, University Hospital Leuven. The neurodevelopmental profile of individuals with PMS was examined, combining both cross-sectional and longitudinal data obtained by systematic review of digital medical records. Results: Remarkable loss of skills was present in 19 individuals affecting both language and motor skills. The first manifestations of neurodevelopmental regression occurred, on average, at the age of 7 years 6 months (range = 5–11 years). Language skills (active vocabulary) were primarily affected followed by, in order of loss, psychosocial adaptability, fine motor skills, and walking ability. The course of regression was characterized by a distinctive four-stage pattern. The first stage often occurred around mid-childhood and was defined by a pronounced and abrupt decline of language skills. This stage was generally followed by the second stage where a (prolonged) period of stagnation of regression was seen. The third stage was defined by acute neuropsychiatric decline (e.g. catatonia, hallucinations, psychosis). Acute events such as severe sickness, hormonal shifts, and psychosocial stress frequently preceded the fourth and final stage, which was characterized by severe neuromotor degeneration. Interpretation: Neurodevelopmental regression should be considered as a key feature of PMS. We present a four-stage model of neurodevelopmental regression, entailing language skills, fine and gross motor function, and psychosocial adaptation, which can be applied in future practice and research. ER  - 
Childhood neurodevelopmental disorders and maternal diabetes: A population-based cohort study$$$ Aim: To assess the risk of a wide spectrum of neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) in offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Method: This retrospective cohort study included 877 233 singletons born between 2004 and 2008 in Taiwan. Children were followed up to 2015 for diagnoses of NDDs, including autism spectrum disorder (ASD), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), developmental delay, intellectual disability, cerebral palsy, and epilepsy/infantile spasms using health insurance claims data. We performed Cox regression models to estimate the relative risks of NDDs associated with maternal diabetes. Covariates included parental age, year of birth, child sex, family income, urbanization level, hypertensive disorder, and preterm delivery status. Results: In utero there were 338 (0.04%) children exposed to T1DM, 8749 (1.00%) to T2DM, and 90 200 (10.28%) to GDM. The effect of T1DM on NDDs was the largest, followed by T2DM, then GDM. T1DM was associated with an increased risk of developmental delay, intellectual disability, and epilepsy/intellectual spasms in offspring. T2DM was associated with an increased risk of ASD, ADHD, developmental delay, intellectual disability, cerebral palsy, and epilepsy/intellectual spasms. GDM was associated with an increased risk of ASD, ADHD, and developmental delay. Interpretation: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy, including T1DM, T2DM, and GDM, is associated with an increased risk of some NDDs in offspring. ER  - 
Follow-up to low-dose fenfluramine for Sunflower syndrome: A non-randomized controlled trial$$$ Aim: This study reports on the long-term results for an initial cohort of patients with Sunflower syndrome who enrolled in an open-label study of low-dose fenfluramine as well as the short-term results of a second cohort. Method: We conducted a single-center, open-label study at the Massachusetts General Hospital. We analyzed the effect of fenfluramine on handwaving seizure frequency at monthly intervals during a 4-month core study period for the second patient cohort, and we evaluated the long-term (>2 years) effect of fenfluramine for the initial patient cohort. Results: Eight of the 10 patients from the second cohort provided analyzable seizure data. These patients experienced a 33% median reduction in seizure frequency during the core study, as compared to the previously reported 79% for the initial cohort (n = 9). Of the seven patients from the first cohort who remain on fenfluramine in the extension study, five continue to experience benefit. Fenfluramine was overall well tolerated with minimal side effects, reduced appetite and fatigue being the primary adverse events, and no evidence of cardiac valvulopathy or pulmonary hypertension. Interpretation: This study suggests fenfluramine can be an effective, durable, and well-tolerated antiseizure medication option for patients with Sunflower syndrome. ER  - 
Effect of Parity on Placental Histopathology Features in Singleton Live Births Following IVF$$$ The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of parity (primipara vs multipara) on the histopathology of the placenta in singleton live births following in vitro fertilization. We conducted a retrospective cohort study evaluating data of all IVF resulted live births from one university affiliated hospital during 2009–2017. All patients had the placenta sent for pathological evaluation. Exclusion criteria were history of miscarriage or elective termination of pregnancy, abnormal uterine cavity findings, previous uterine surgery, in vitro maturation cycles, gestational carrier cycles, oocyte recipient cycles, preimplantation genetic diagnosis cycles, and multiple pregnancies. The outcomes measured included anatomical, inflammation, vascular malperfusion, and villous maturation placental features. A multivariate analysis was conducted to adjust the results for factors potentially associated with placental pathology features. A total of 395 live births were included in the final analysis and were allocated to the study groups according to parity: primipara (n = 273) and multipara (n = 122). After adjustment for potential confounding factors, multiparity was found to be significantly associated with delayed villous maturation (OR 4.9; 95% CI 1.2–19.8) and primiparity was significantly associated with maternal vascular malperfusion (OR 0.6; 95% CI 0.3–0.8). We showed that parity has an impact on placental histopathological changes which in turn may affect perinatal outcome. ER  - 
Efficacy of ketamine, propofol, and dexmedetomidine for anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients: A double-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the therapeutic opportunities for patients with psychological disorders when they may decline to take medication. We sought to systematically compare the anesthetic efficacy of ketamine, propofol, and dexmedetomidine for electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients. This double-blind trial enrolled treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients (n = 85) who had been hospitalized for ECT in the Amir Kabir Hospital's psychiatric ward (Arak, Iran). The ketamine, propofol, and dexmedetomidine groups received a dose of 0.2 μg/kg ketamine, 1.5 mg/kg propofol, and 0.8 mg/kg dexmedetomidine, respectively. In all intervention groups, 10 mL of interventional drugs was injected intravenously for 10 minutes, and in the placebo group, 10 mL of normal saline was given over the same period. The dexmedetomidine group's blood pressure was revealed comparatively lower at all times. Dexmedetomidine-treated patients showed their marked satisfaction, while those treated with propofol had shorter recovery time, shorter seizure duration, and shorter time to achieve an Aldrete score of 9-10 and increased relaxation, and next dexmedetomidine produced deeper relaxation. Propofol could shorten recovery time and seizure duration, and enhance relaxation, while dexmedetomidine was associated with higher patient satisfaction. Considering that any anesthetic which does not shorten seizure duration may serve efficiently for ECT and that ketamine-treated patients had more prolonged seizure duration, the preferred drug can hence be considered from various angles, thereby offering anesthetic agents with highly favorable efficacy in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients needing ECT. The drug choice thus depends on physical conditions, underlying diseases, and psychiatrist consultation. ER  - 
Mortality risk in adults with intellectual disabilities and epilepsy: an England and Wales case–control study$$$ Background: People with epilepsy (PWE) and people with intellectual disabilities (ID) both live shorter lives than the general population and both conditions increase the risk of death further. We aimed to measure associations between certain risk factors for death in PWE and ID. Methods: A retrospective case–control study was conducted in ten regions in England and Wales. Data were collected on PWE registered with secondary care ID and neurology services between 2017 and 2021. Prevalence rates of neurodevelopmental, psychiatric and medical diagnoses, seizure frequency, psychotropic and antiseizure medications (ASM) prescribed, and health activity (epilepsy reviews/risk assessments/care plans/compliance etc.) recorded were compared between the two groups. Results: 190 PWE and ID who died were compared with 910 living controls. People who died were less likely to have had an epilepsy risk assessment but had a greater prevalence of genetic conditions, older age, poor physical health, generalized tonic–clonic seizures, polypharmacy (not ASMs) and antipsychotic use. The multivariable logistic regression for risk of epilepsy-related death identified that age over 50, medical condition prevalence, antipsychotic medication use and the lack of an epilepsy review in the last 12 months as associated with increased risk of death. Reviews by psychiatrists in ID services was associated with a 72% reduction in the odds of death compared neurology services. Conclusions: Polypharmacy and use of antipsychotics may be associated with death but not ASMs. Greater and closer monitoring by creating capable health communities may reduce the risk of death. ID services maybe more likely to provide this holistic approach. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life and medication use among individuals with Angelman syndrome$$$ Purpose: The primary goal of this analysis is to describe the health-related quality of life (HRQoL), medical history, and medication use among adolescents and adults individuals with Angelman syndrome (AS). Methods: The analysis uses baseline data collected during the STARS study, a double-blind placebo controlled trial of gaboxadol (OV101) in adolescents and adults with AS. The HRQoL was estimated using EuroQoL 5-Dimension 5-Level (EQ-5D) health questionnaire proxy 1 version, which was completed by the caregivers. EQ-5D consists of two parts, a 5-dimension descriptive and a visual analogue scale (VAS) component. The utility score derived from EQ-5D ranges from 0 to 1 (perfect health) and VAS ranges from 0 to 100 (perfect health). Results: 87 individuals with AS were included in the present analysis. The mean utility score was 0.44 ± 0.20 and VAS score was 84 ± 1.5. The EQ-5D data indicated that the self-care, mobility and daily activities were most impacted. All adolescents (100%) and most adults (93%) had at least moderate problems with self-care activities, such as washing or dressing themselves. More than half (55%) of the adolescents and adults had at least moderate issues with mobility and usual activities. Approximately, 30% of adolescents and adults had moderate to extreme problems with anxiety/depression. High baseline concomitant use of medications was observed across both age groups with an average of 5 medications being used per person. Conclusion: This study highlights the impact of AS on HRQoL and medication utilization among adolescents and adults individuals with AS. ER  - 
Celiac disease and risk of neuropsychiatric disorders: A nationwide cohort study$$$ Introduction: Previous studies have indicated that patients with celiac disease (CD) may have an increased risk of developing neuropsychiatric disorders. However, large-scale epidemiologic studies on the topic are still scarce. We aimed to examine the association between CD and development of neuropsychiatric disorders during an 18-year follow-up period. Methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study. All Danish patients with an incident diagnosis of CD (ICD-10 K90.0) from 2000 to 2018 were identified in nationwide registries and compared with birthdate- and sex-matched controls (variable 1:10 ratio) for the development of a neuropsychiatric disease. Individual neuropsychiatric diseases were also examined. The absolute risk was calculated by the cumulative incidence, and the relative risk was estimated in Cox regression models. Results: We identified a cohort of 6329 patients with CD diagnosed from 2000 to 2018 and 63,287 matches at risk for developing incident neuropsychiatric disorders. The cumulative incidence of development of any neuropsychiatric disorder was 3.9%, 14.9%, 24.8%, 35.9% after 1, 5, 10, and 15 years of follow-up, respectively, in patients with CD compared with 1.8%, 9.3%, 18.3%, and 27.0% in controls. Gray's test for equality p < 0.001. The relative risk was HR = 1.58 (95% confidence interval: 1.49–1.68) in CD patients compared with matches. For the individual outcomes, CD was associated with an increased relative risk of developing anxiety, depression, eating disorders, epilepsy, migraine, and stress. We also found indications of an increased relative risk of ADHD, alcoholism, bipolar disorders, and drug abuse, although the associations were less clear. No associations were found between CD and dementia, Parkinson's disease, and schizophrenia. Conclusions: In this nationwide study including more than 6000 patients with CD, we found an increased risk of development of a neuropsychiatric disorder compared with age- and sex-matched controls. The causes and the clinical relevance of these associations remain to be elucidated. ER  - 
Domain-specific relationships of subjective and objective cognition in epilepsy$$$ Objective: Many people with epilepsy report subjective cognitive impairment (SCI), i.e., problems with memory, attention, or executive functions, reducing quality of life. Nevertheless, overlap with objective cognitive impairment (OCI) is often weak. One reason may be a domain-specific mismatch between subjective reports and objective tests. We aimed to evaluate relations between SCI and OCI of corresponding domains and to assess whether these differ between persons who over- or underestimate their performance. Methods: In this prospective, cross-sectional sample of 104 adult inpatients with epilepsy, we performed multiple regression analyses predicting SCI in the domains attention, memory, and executive functions. We tested relationships with measures of psychomotor speed, short-term memory, verbal learning, verbal delayed recall, and word fluency while controlling for age, sex, seizure frequency, structural lesions, mono- versus polytherapy and adverse events of antiseizure medication (ASM), depressive and anxiety symptoms, level of education, and employment status. Furthermore, we tested whether these relationships differed between realistic raters and over- and underestimators. Results: We found domain-specific relations for attention and executive functions for the full sample, explaining a small proportion of variance of SCI (general dominance index =.03 and.004), whereas ASM adverse events and psychological variables were more important predictors. When dividing the sample according to the concordance of SCI and OCI, we found high frequencies of both over- (23%–46%) and underestimation (31%–35%) depending on the domain. The explanatory power of OCI for SCI was stronger within the subgroups compared to the full sample, suggesting nonlinear relationships and different underlying mechanisms for realistic raters, underestimators, and overestimators. Significance: Domain-specific SCI and OCI are related, and both should be assessed with standardized instruments. These relationships differ between over- and underestimators as well as realistic raters. Based on the concordance of self-ratings and objective measures, tailored counseling and treatment should be offered. ER  - 
Jansen-de Vries syndrome: Expansion of the PPM1D clinical and phenotypic spectrum in 34 families$$$ Jansen-de Vries syndrome (JdVS) is a neurodevelopmental condition attributed to pathogenic variants in Exons 5 and 6 of PPM1D. As the full phenotypic spectrum and natural history remain to be defined, we describe a large cohort of children and adults with JdVS. This is a retrospective cohort study of 37 individuals from 34 families with disease-causing variants in PPM1D leading to JdVS. Clinical data were provided by treating physicians and/or families. Of the 37 individuals, 27 were male and 10 female, with median age 8.75 years (range 8 months to 62 years). Four families document autosomal dominant transmission, and 32/34 probands were diagnosed via exome sequencing. The facial gestalt, including a broad forehead and broad mouth with a thin and tented upper lip, was most recognizable between 18 and 48 months of age. Common manifestations included global developmental delay (35/36, 97%), hypotonia (25/34, 74%), short stature (14/33, 42%), constipation (22/31, 71%), and cyclic vomiting (6/35, 17%). Distinctive personality traits include a hypersocial affect (21/31, 68%) and moderate-to-severe anxiety (18/28, 64%). In conclusion, JdVS is a clinically recognizable neurodevelopmental syndrome with a characteristic personality and distinctive facial features. The association of pathogenic variants in PPM1D with cyclic vomiting bears not only medical attention but also further pathogenic and mechanistic evaluation. ER  - 
Be a PEACH and Hand Me That Levetiracetam: Seizure Prophylaxis for Spontaneous Intracerebral Hemorrhage$$$ Safety and Efficacy of Prophylactic Levetiracetam for Prevention of Epileptic Seizures in the Acute Phase of Intracerebral Haemorrhage (PEACH): A Randomised, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Trial Peter-Derex L, Philippeau F, Garnier P, André-Obadia N, Boulogne S, Catenoix H, Convers P, Mazzola L, Gouttard M, Esteban M, Fontaine J, Mechtouff L, Ong E, Cho T-H, Nighoghossian N, Perreton N, Termoz A, Haesebaert J, Schott A-M, Rabilloud M, Pivot C, Dhelens C, Filip A, Berthezène Y, Rheims S, Boutitie F, Derex L. Lancet Neurol. 2022;21(9):781-791. doi:10.1016/S1474-4422(22)00235-6 Background: The incidence of early seizures (occurring within 7 days of stroke onset) after intracerebral haemorrhage reaches 30% when subclinical seizures are diagnosed by continuous EEG. Early seizures might be associated with haematoma expansion and worse neurological outcomes. Current guidelines do not recommend prophylactic antiseizure treatment in this setting. We aimed to assess whether prophylactic levetiracetam would reduce the risk of acute seizures in patients with intracerebral haemorrhage. Methods: The double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 3 PEACH trial was conducted at three stroke units in France. Patients (aged 18 years or older) who presented with a non-traumatic intracerebral haemorrhage within 24 h after onset were randomly assigned (1:1) to levetiracetam (intravenous 500 mg every 12 h) or matching placebo. Randomisation was done with a web-based system and stratified by centre and National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score at baseline. Treatment was continued for 6 weeks. Continuous EEG was started within 24 h after inclusion and recorded over 48 h. The primary endpoint was the occurrence of at least one clinical seizure within 72 h of inclusion or at least one electrographic seizure recorded on continuous EEG, analysed in the modified intention-to-treat population, which comprised all patients who were randomly assigned to treatment and who had a continuous EEG performed. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02631759, and is now closed. Recruitment was prematurely stopped after 48% of the recruitment target was reached due to a low recruitment rate and cessation of funding. Findings Between June 1, 2017, and April 14, 2020, 50 patients with mild-to-moderate severity intracerebral haemorrhage were included: 24 were assigned to levetiracetam and 26 to placebo. During the first 72 h, a clinical or electrographic seizure was observed in three (16%) of 19 patients in the levetiracetam group versus ten (43%) of 23 patients in the placebo group (odds ratio 0.16, 95% CI 0.03–0.94, p = 0.043). All seizures in the first 72 h were electrographic seizures only. No difference in depression or anxiety reporting was observed between the groups at 1 month or 3 months. Depression was recorded in three (13%) patients who received levetiracetam versus four (15%) patients who received placebo, and anxiety was reported for two (8%) patients versus one (4%) patient. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events in the levetiracetam group versus the placebo group were headache (nine [39%] vs six [24%]), pain (three [13%] vs ten [40%]), and falls (seven [30%] vs four [16%]). The most frequent serious adverse events were neurological deterioration due to the intracerebral haemorrhage (one [4%] vs four [16%]) and severe pneumonia (two [9%] vs two [8%]). No treatment-related death was reported in either group. Interpretation: Levetiracetam might be effective in preventing acute seizures in intracerebral haemorrhage. Larger studies are needed to determine whether seizure prophylaxis improves functional outcome in patients with intracerebral haemorrhage. ER  - 
Prevalence and comorbidities of Sjogren's syndrome patients in the Community of Madrid: A population-based cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: To estimate the prevalence, sociodemographic characteristics and comorbidities of Sjogren's syndrome (SS) patients in the Community of Madrid. Methods: A population-based cross-sectional cohort of SS patients was derived from the information system for rare diseases in the Community of Madrid (SIERMA) and confirmed by a physician. The prevalence per 10,000 inhabitants among people aged ≥ 18 years in June 2015 was calculated. Sociodemographic data and accompanying disorders were recorded. Univariate and bivariate analyses were performed. Results: A total of 4,778 SS patients were confirmed in SIERMA; 92.8% were female, with a mean age of 64.3 (standard deviation = 15.4) years. A total of 3,116 (65.2%) patients were classified as primary SS (pSS), and 1,662 (34.8%) as secondary SS (sSS). The prevalence of SS among people aged ≥18 years was 8.4/10,000 (95%Confidence interval [CI] = 8.2–8.7). The prevalence of pSS was 5.5/10,000 (95%CI = 5.3–5.7), and that of sSS was 2.8/10,000 (95%CI = 2.7–2.9), with rheumatoid arthritis (20.3%) and systemic lupus erythematosus (8.5%) being the most prevalent associated autoimmune diseases. The most common comorbidities were hypertension (40.8%), lipid disorders (32.7%), osteoarthritis (27.7%) and depression (21.1%). The most prescribed medications were nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (31.9%), topical ophthalmic therapies (31.2%) and corticosteroids (28.0%). Conclusion: The prevalence of SS in the Community of Madrid was similar to the overall prevalence worldwide observed in previous studies. SS was more frequent in women in their sixth decade. Two out of every three SS cases were pSS, while one-third were associated predominantly with rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus. ER  - 
Start Low and Go Slow: The General Principle of Managing Older Adults With Epilepsy Finds Robust Support From Frailty$$$ Association Between Frailty and Antiseizure Medication Tolerability in Older Adults With Epilepsy Vary-O’Neal A, Miranzadeh S, Husein N, Holroyd-Leduc J, Sajobi TT, Wiebe S, Deacon C, Tellez-Zenteno JF, Josephson CB, Keezer MR. Neurology. 2023;100(11):e1135-e1147. doi:10.1212/WNL.0000000000201701. PMID: 36535780. Background and Objective: Frailty is an important aspect of biological aging, referring to the increased vulnerability of individuals with frailty to physical and psychological stressors. While older adults with epilepsy are an important and distinct clinical group, there are no data on frailty in this population. We hypothesize that frailty will correlate with the seizure frequency and especially the tolerability of anti-seizure medications (ASMs) in older adults with epilepsy. Methods: We recruited individuals aged 60 years or older with active epilepsy from 4 Canadian hospital centers. We reported the seizure frequency in the 3 months preceding the interview, while ASM tolerability was quantified using the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP). We applied 3 measures of frailty: grip strength as a measure of physical frailty, 1 self-reported score (Edmonton frail score [EFS]), and 1 scale completed by a healthcare professional (clinical frailty scale [CFS]). We also administered standardized questionnaires measuring levels of anxiety, depression, functional disability, and quality of life and obtained relevant clinical and demographic data. Results: Forty-three women and 43 men aged 60-93 years were recruited, 87% of whom had focal epilepsy, with an average frequency of 3.4 seizures per month. Multiple linear regression and zero-inflated negative binomial regression models showed that EFS and CFS scores were associated with decreased ASM tolerability, each point increase leading to 1.83 (95% CI: 0.67-4.30) and 2.49 (95% CI: 1.27-2.39) point increases on the LAEP scale, respectively. Neither the EFS and CFS scores nor grip strength were significantly associated with seizure frequency. The EFS was moderately correlated with depression, anxiety, quality of life, and functional disability, demonstrating the best construct validity among the 3 tested measures of frailty. Discussion: The EFS was significantly, both statistically and clinically, associated with ASM tolerability. It also showed multiple advantages in performance while assessing for frailty in older adults with epilepsy, when compared with the 2 other measures of frailty that we tested. Future studies must focus on what role the EFS during epilepsy diagnosis may play in ASM selection among older adults with epilepsy. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric involvement in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus: A multicenter study$$$ Introduction: Neuropsychiatric (NP) involvement is a restricted area in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (jSLE). Aim: To investigate the prevalence, demographic and clinical features, and outcomes of the neurological involvement in the Turkish jSLE population. Methods: This study was based upon 24 referral centers’ SLE cohorts, multicenter and multidisciplinary network in Turkey. Patient data were collected by a case report form which was standardized for NP definitions according to American Collage of Rheumatology (ACR). Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics/American College of Rheumatology Damage Index (SDI) neuropsychiatric part was used to determine NP damage. Variables were evaluated Ward's hierarchical clustering analyses, univariate, and multivariate logistic regression analyses. Results: A hundred forty-nine of 1107 jSLE patients had NP involvement (13.5%). The most common NPSLE findings were headache (50.3%), seizure (38.3%), and acute confusional state (33.6%). Five clusters were identified with all clinical and laboratory findings. The first two clusters involved neuropathies, demyelinating diseases, aseptic meningitis, and movement disorder. Cluster 3 involved headache, activity markers and other SLE involvements. Idiopathic intracranial hypertension, cerebrovascular disease, cognitive dysfunction, psychiatric disorders and SLE antibodies were in the fourth, and acute confusional state was in the fifth cluster. In multivariate analysis, APA positivity; OR: 2.820, (%95CI: 1.002–7.939), P: 0,050, plasmapheresis; OR: 13.804 (%95CI: 2.785–68.432), P: 0,001, SLEDAI scores; OR: 1.115 (%95CI: (1.049–1.186), P: 0,001 were associated with increased risk for neurologic sequelae. Conclusion: We detected the prevalence of juvenile NPSLE manifestations in Turkey. We have identified five clusters that may shed light pathogenesis, treatment and prognosis of NP involvements. We also determined risk factors of neurological sequelae. Our study showed that new definitions NP involvements and sequelae for childhood period are needed. ER  - 
Pembrolizumab in brain metastases of diverse histologies: phase 2 trial results$$$ Brain metastases (BMs) are an emerging challenge in oncology due to increasing incidence and limited treatments. Here, we present results of a single-arm, open-label, phase 2 trial evaluating intracranial efficacy of pembrolizumab, a programmed cell death protein 1 inhibitor, in 9 patients with untreated BMs (cohort A) and 48 patients with recurrent and progressive BMs (cohort B) across different histologies. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients achieving intracranial benefit, defined by complete response, partial response or stable disease. The primary endpoint was met with an intracranial benefit rate of 42.1% (90% confidence interval (CI): 31–54%). The median overall survival, a secondary endpoint, was 8.0 months (90% CI: 5.5–8.7 months) across both cohorts, 6.5 months (90% CI: 4.5–18.7 months) for cohort A and 8.1 months (90% CI: 5.3–9.6 months) for cohort B. Seven patients (12.3%), encompassing breast, melanoma and sarcoma histologies, had overall survival greater than 2 years. Thirty patients (52%; 90% CI: 41–64%) had one or more grade-3 or higher adverse events that were at least possibly treatment related. Two patients had grade-4 adverse events (cerebral edema) that were deemed at least possibly treatment related. These results suggest that programmed cell death protein 1 blockade may benefit a select group of patients with BMs, and support further studies to identify biomarkers and mechanisms of resistance. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02886585 ER  - 
Bilateral cardiac sympathetic denervation in patients with congenital long QT syndrome$$$ Background: Long QT syndrome (LQTS) is a potentially lethal yet treatable genetic heart disease for which left cardiac sympathetic denervation (LCSD) is a class I recommendation. Recent reports have suggested bilateral cardiac sympathetic denervation (BiCSD) as the initial surgical denervation therapy in LQTS. Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine the frequency and settings in which BiCSD was used in a tertiary referral center with expertise in LCSD. Methods: We performed a retrospective review of 234 out of 1638 patients with LQTS who underwent sympathetic denervation (14%) at our institution to identify the subset of patients who underwent BiCSD. Cardiac events (CEs) before LCSD, after LCSD, and after the completion of BiCSD were recorded and defined as being an appropriate implantable cardioverter-defibrillator shock, arrhythmic syncope, or sudden cardiac arrest. Results: Only 11 patients (4.7%; 6 females [55%]) had BiCSD at our institution. Patients who received BiCSD trended toward being younger at diagnosis (6 ± 15 years vs 14 ± 13 years; P = .06) and being more likely to be symptomatic (73% vs 53%; P = .07) than the larger LCSD-only cohort. Continued CEs post-LCSD (3.8 CEs per patient on average) was the predominant determinant to return for BiCSD. Over 60 combined years of follow-up, 4 patients have not had a CE post-BiCSD while the other 7 patients average 3.6 nonlethal CEs. Conclusion: Less than 5% of all patients receiving denervation therapy underwent BiCSD. When BiCSD was chosen, it was almost always done in a staged sequential manner beginning with LCSD first and when driven by the arrhythmogenicity of the LQTS substrate, despite otherwise optimized guideline-directed therapies. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental outcome in children with congenital cytomegalovirus infection: A prospective multicenter cohort study$$$ Background: Congenital cytomegalovirus infection (cCMV) is the most common congenital infection worldwide and is a major cause of neurodevelopmental impairment in children. At this point there are insufficient data on neurodevelopmental outcome of children with cCMV, both symptomatic and asymptomatic. Aim: This study aimed to describe the neurodevelopmental outcome in a large prospective cohort of children with cCMV. Methods: All children with cCMV, included in the Flemish cCMV register, were eligible for this study. Data on neurodevelopmental outcome was available in 753 children. Data on neuromotor, cognitive, behavioral, audiological and ophthalmological outcome were analyzed. Results: Neurodevelopmental outcome was normal in 530/753 (70,4 %) at any age of last follow-up. Mild, moderate and severe neurodevelopmental impairment was found in 128/753 (16,9 %), 56/753 (7,4 %) and 39/753 (5,2 %), respectively. Adverse outcome is found both in the symptomatic and asymptomatic children (53,5 % versus 17,8 %). Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) was diagnosed more often than in the general population in Flanders (2,5 % versus 0,7 %). Speech and language impairment was found in 2 %, even in absence of hearing loss. Conclusion: Both symptomatic and asymptomatic cCMV children are at risk of sequelae, with higher risk in case of first trimester infection. During follow-up of this population, special attention should be given to the audiological follow-up, the presence of hypotonia at young age, the possible higher risk of ASD and the risk of speech and language impairment even in absence of hearing loss. Our results emphasize the need for multidisciplinary neurodevelopmental follow-up of all cCMV infected children. ER  - 
Clinical relevance of interictal dysphoric disorder and its impact on quality of life in drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Objective: This study aims to assess the prevalence of Interictal Dysphoric Disorder (IDD) in drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) and to describe its clinical and psychopathological profile, including personality, as well as its impact on quality of life (QOL). Method: A retrospective cross-sectional study from an Epilepsy Unit from January 2007 to December 2017. All patients were diagnosed with DRE. Patients underwent a battery of tests (HADS, SCL-90R, PDQ-4+, QOLIE-31) and a psychiatrist assessed the presence of Axis-I disorders and IDD. Statistical procedures were carried out using R-4.0.1 software. Results: A total of 282 patients were included. A statistically significant association was found between IDD and mood and anxiety disorders (p < 0.001 and p < 0.05 respectively), and between IDD and higher scores in all HADS and SCL-90-R items compared to subjects without IDD (p < 0.001). A statistically significant association was also found between IDD and obsessive–compulsive, borderline and depressive personality disorder (p < 0.05). Scores in all QOLIE-31 items except for ‘medication effects’ were significantly lower in subjects with IDD compared with subjects without IDD (p < 0.001). Conclusions: In DRE, IDD subjects show differences in the psychopathological profile and QOL scores compared to subjects without a diagnosis of IDD. An early diagnosis of IDD could facilitate prompt interventions which might positively impact QOL. ER  - 
Socioemotional and behavioural difficulties in children with chronic physical conditions: Analysis of the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children$$$ Objectives To examine the prevalence of socioemotional and behavioural difficulties (SEBDs) in children with chronic physical conditions (CPCs) and to analyse how this prevalence varied with the type and number of CPCs and the age of the child. Design Cross-sectional study of a secondary data analysis of the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children. Setting An Australian nationally representative sample of general population of children. Participants 15 610 children-waves aged 6-14 years. Intervention/exposure Children reported to have at least 1 of the 21 CPCs by their parents. Main outcome measures Clinically relevant SEBDs were defined using standardised cut-offs of the parent-administered Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire. Results Children with a CPC have significantly increased odds of total, internalising and externalising SEBDs than those without (total SEBDs, adjusted odds rartio or OR 3.13, 95% CI 2.52 to 3.89), controlling for sex, age, socioeconomic status and parental mental health status. The highest prevalence of total SEBDs was found in children with chronic fatigue (43.8%), epilepsy (33.8%) and day wetting (31.6%). An increasing number of comorbid CPCs was associated with a rising prevalence of SEBDs. On average, 24.2% of children with at least four CPCs had SEBDs. These children had 8.83-fold increased odds (95% CI 6.9 to 11.31) of total SEBDs compared with children without a CPC. Age was positively related to the odds of SEBDs. Conclusion Children with a CPC have a significantly increased risk of having SEBDs than those without. These findings highlight the need for routine assessment and integrated intervention for SEBDs among children with CPCs. ER  - 
The fate of spikes in self-limited epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes: Are clinical and baseline EEG features effective?$$$ Objective: The aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of clinical and electroencephalographic features on spike reduction with a focus on the first EEG characteristics in self-limited epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (SeLECTS). Methods: This retrospective study was conducted on SeLECTS patients of with at least five years follow-up and at least two EEG recordings in which spike wave indexes (SWI) were calculated. Results: 136 patients were enrolled. Median SWI in the first and last EEGs were 39% (7.6–89%) and 0 (0–112%). Gender, seizure onset age, psychiatric diseases, seizure characteristics (semiology, duration, and relationship to sleep), last EEG time, and spike lateralization in the first EEG did not have a statistically significant effect on the SWI change. Multinomial logistic regression analysis revealed that presence of phase reversal, interhemispheric generalization, and SWI percentage had a significant effect on spike reduction. The frequency of seizures was also significantly decreased in patients with a greater decrease in SWI. Both valproate and levetiracetam were statistically superior in suppressing SWI, with no significant difference between them. Conclusion: Interhemispheric generalization and phase reversal in the first EEG in SeLECTS had negative effects on the spike reduction. The most effective ASMs in reducing spikes were valproate and levetiracetam. ER  - 
A comparative study of the injury pattern between suicidal and accidental falls from height in Northern Tunisia$$$ Background: Falls from height are a common cause of marbidity and mortality. The aim of this study is to examine the characteristics of the victims, the circumstances of the fall and distribution of the injuries of accidental and suicidal falls from height. Materials and methods: It was a retrospective cross-sectional study, based on autopsies performed over 16 years (January 2005 to December 2020). The recorded variables included demographic data of the victim, height of fall, death scene findings, length of hospital stay, autopsy findings, and toxicological results. Results: Of the 753 victims of fall from height, 607 were fallers and 146 were jumpers. We found that male victims were predominant in the accidental group (86.8% vs. 69.2%). The mean age at death was 43.6 ± 17.9 years. Suicidal falls occurred in a private house in the majority of cases (70.5%), while accidental falls occurred most frequently at workplace (43.8%). Suicidal falls were higher than accidental falls (10.4 ± 7.3 m vs. 7.1 ± 5.7 m). Injuries in the thorax, abdomen, pelvis, upper and lower extremities were more frequentl in the suicidal falls group. Pelvic fractures were 2.1 times more likely to occur in the suicidal falls. Head injuries were more frequent in the accidental falls group. The survival delay was shorter in the suicidal falls group. Conclusions: our study highlights the differences in the profile of the victims and in the pattern of injuries caused by falls from height, depending on the victim's intention to fall. ER  - 
Treatment Provided in Children and Adolescents with Functional Seizures—A Danish Nationwide Cohort$$$ Background: Functional seizures (FS) are episodes of paroxysmal involuntary movements and altered consciousness without the typical changes in the electroencephalography as with epilepsy. A multidisciplinary approach is the golden standard in the treatment of FS. This study examined the cross-sectoral collaboration and treatment modalities provided to children and adolescents after a diagnosis of FS. Method: A Danish nationwide cohort, consisting of 334 children and adolescents, aged 5–17 years, with a validated diagnosis of FS during the period 2004–2014 was studied. Medical record data were collected from diagnosing hospital departments. Management and treatment modalities from the time of diagnosis up to three months after diagnosis were explored. Results: The most used treatment modalities were psychoeducation (n = 289, 86.5%) and follow-up in outpatient care (n = 192, 70.6%). A cross-sectoral collaboration was initiated for a third of cases (n = 98, 29.3%). The most commonly provided treatment combination consisted of psychoeducation, follow-up in outpatient care and psychotherapy; however, only a few patients received this specific combination (n = 14, 4.2%). Conclusions: The treatment applied was individualized and consisted of varying use of treatment modalities. Initiatives to curate clinical guidelines and implement a multidisciplinary treatment approach should be further explored to improve treatment for this young group of patients. ER  - 
Low quality of life, increased number of anti-seizure drugs, and the lack of caregiver support are associated with internalized stigma in adult Mexican patients with epilepsy$$$ Background: People with epilepsy (PWE) have been subject to stigma throughout history, a factor that could compromise their performance in daily life. In Mexico, little is known about the factors that may be affecting internalized stigma. Objective: To evaluate the internalized stigma in adult PWE, its relationship with the quality of life, cognitive and depressive symptomatology, and clinical-demographic characteristics. Material and methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study with a consecutive sampling approach in patients with epilepsy treated at the National Institute of Neurology and Neurosurgery Manuel Velasco Suárez (NINNMVS). Sociodemographic and clinical data, depressive symptomatology (Beck's depression inventory, DBI), cognition (MoCA test), quality of life (QOLIE-31 scale), and internalized stigma (King's internalized stigma scale, ISS) were evaluated. Correlations were made between the continuous variables and the ISS to select those with statistical significance and include them in a multiple linear regression model, along with the dummy variables, to explain internalized stigma. Results: Of 128 patients, 74 (58%) were women; 38% of the patients had more than 20 years of epilepsy evolution. In addition, 39% presented depressive symptoms, and around 60% manifested a possible cognitive impairment. The variables that showed statistical significance concerning the ISS were selected along with dummy variables for multiple linear regression analysis. The resultant model considers the QOLIE-31 total score (β = −0.489), the number of anti-seizure drugs (ASD, β = 0.253), and those patients without caregiver support (β = −0.166) with an adjusted R2 value of 0.316. Conclusions: A diminishing quality of life, an increased number of ASD, and patients without caregiver support influence a slight to moderate variation of internalized stigma in Mexican PWE. Therefore, it is necessary to continue studying other possible factors that influence internalized stigma to generate effective strategies to reduce its negative effects on PWE. ER  - 
Etomidate versus Propofol for Electroconvulsive Therapy in Patients with Major Depressive Disorders in Terms of Clinical Responses to Treatment: A Retrospective Analysis$$$ General anesthetic agents may be associated with the clinical efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), as they may influence seizure quality and duration. Hence, a retrospective study was conducted to compare the clinical effects and seizure variables of etomidate and propofol during ECT. Patients treated with ECT under anesthesia with etomidate (n = 43) or propofol (n = 12) were retrospectively analyzed. Seizure variables (seizure duration, intensity, and threshold) and hemodynamic changes during ECT were assessed and recorded. Clinical responses to treatment were evaluated using the Clinical Global Impression scale and mood at discharge after the course of ECT. Adverse effects were also recorded. The demographic characteristics were similar between the two groups. There were no significant differences in the Clinical Global Impression scale scores, mood at discharge, and adverse effects between the two groups (p > 0.05); however, etomidate was associated with a significantly longer motor (42.0 vs. 23.65 s, p < 0.001) and electroencephalogram (51.8 vs. 33.5 s, p < 0.001) seizure duration than propofol. In conclusion, etomidate showed more favorable seizure profiles than propofol during ECT; however, both agents (etomidate and propofol) were associated with similar clinical efficacy profiles at discharge. ER  - 
Fatigue Potentially Reduces the Effect of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Depression Following COVID-19 and Its Vaccination$$$ COVID-19’s long-term effects, known as Long-COVID, present psychiatric and physical challenges in recovered patients. Similarly, rare long-term post-vaccination side effects, resembling Long-COVID, are emerging (called Post-Vaccine). However, effective treatments for both conditions are scarce. Our clinical experience suggests that transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) often aids recovery in Long-COVID and Post-Vaccine patients. However, its effectiveness is reduced in patients with severe fatigue. Therefore, we retrospectively analysed Tokyo TMS Clinic’s outpatient records (60 in total; mean age, 38 years) to compare Long-COVID and post-vaccine patients’ characteristics and symptoms, assess the impact of TMS on their symptoms, and investigate the role of fatigue in depression recovery with TMS. The primary outcome was the regression coefficient of the initial fatigue score on depression score improvement using TMS. Secondary outcomes included psychiatric/physical scores before and after TMS and their improvement rates. We found no differences in the initial symptoms and background factors between Long-COVID and Post-Vaccine patients. After ten TMS sessions, all psychiatric and physical symptom scores improved significantly. TMS improves depression, insomnia, anxiety, and related neuropsychiatric symptoms, which were the primary complaints in this study. Thus, we conclude that TMS improves depression and anxiety. The effectiveness of TMS in treating depression in Long-COVID and Post-Vaccine patients decreased as fatigue severity increased. In conclusion, TMS relieved depressive symptoms following COVID-19 and vaccination; however, fatigue may hinder its effectiveness. ER  - 
Improving the treatment of functional seizures through a public specialist outpatient clinic$$$ Objectives: We performed an audit of the first 12 months of clinical operations to assess the feasibility of a newly established public outpatient clinic for the assessment and treatment of functional (psychogenic nonepileptic) seizures (FS). Method: Clinical notes for the first 12 months of the FS clinic were systematically reviewed with data compiled on referral pathways, clinic attendance, clinical features, treatments, and outcomes. Results: Of eighty-two new FS patients referred to the clinic, over 90% attended. Patients were diagnosed with FS after comprehensive epileptological and neuropsychiatric review, mostly with typical seizure-like episodes captured during video-EEG monitoring, and most accepted the diagnosis. Most had FS at least weekly, with little sense of control and significant impairment. The majority of individuals had significant psychiatric and medical comorbidity. Predisposing, precipitating, and perpetuating factors were readily identified in >90% of cases. Of 52 patients with follow-up data within12 months, 88% were either stable or improved in terms of the control of their FS. Conclusion: The Alfred functional seizure clinic model, the first dedicated public outpatient clinic for FS in Australia, provides a feasible and potentially effective treatment pathway for this underserved and disabled patient group. ER  - 
Constitutional Mismatch Repair Deficiency Syndromes, a Neurofibromatosis 1 Mimicker That Hinders Timely Management$$$ Background: Constitutional mismatch repair deficiency (CMMRD) is a rare, autosomal recessive disease caused by a biallelic germline mutation in one of the DNA mismatch repair genes (MLH1, MSH2, MSH6 and PMS2). In addition to colorectal, brain, and hematological malignancies, many additional premalignant and non-malignant features that can point toward the diagnosis of CMMRD have been reported. The report from the CMMRD consortium revealed that all children with CMMRD have café-au-lait macules (CALMs) but the number of CALMs does not reach > 5 in all CMMRD patients, which is one of the diagnostic criterions of NF1. About half of the patients with CMMRD develop brain tumors and up to 40% develop metachronous second malignancies. Methods: This is an observational retrospective case series describing five pediatric patients with CMMRD. Results: All the five patients in our cohort developed brain tumors and showed a predilection to the frontal lobe. In our cohort, multiple Mongolian spots, coloboma, obesity, CHD, dysmorphism, and clubfoot were also encountered. In all our patients, NF1 and other tumorigenic predisposing syndromes were initially suspected. Conclusion: Increasing awareness of this condition and its shared reminiscent NF1 features, particularly CALMs among child neurologists, oncologists, geneticists, and dermatologists can help uncover the tip of the iceberg of CMMRD that carries an important consequence on management. ER  - 
Gender differences in quality of life and psychiatric comorbidities among persons with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: A single-center cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME) is the most common idiopathic generalized/genetic epilepsy syndrome. Gender differences are known in clinical presentation, with a well-identified female predilection. We aimed to study gender-based differences in quality of life (QoL) and psychiatric comorbidities among persons with JME. Materials and Methods: This was a cross-sectional study conducted at a teaching hospital in Delhi, India. Persons above 11 years of age with JME diagnosed according to the International League Against Epilepsy criteria established in 2001 were enrolled. QoL assessment was made using Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-Adolescents-48 (QOLIE-AD-48) and Patient-Weighted Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory 31 (QOLIE-31-P) for adolescent and adult patients, respectively. For the assessment of psychiatric comorbidities, participants were administered the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview (M.I.N.I). Participants who tested positive for psychiatric comorbidities on M.I.N.I subsequently underwent the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual-5 categorization. Results: We enrolled 50 patients with JME. Eighteen (36%) were male and 32 (64%) were female patients. The median age of males at study enrollment was 23.5 (range 15–38) years. The median age of females was 22 (16–48) years. The median QOLIE-31-P score among males was 68.31 (37.13–91.82) and for females was 66.9 (31.7–99.1). The median overall QoL score for males was 65 (25–87.5), which qualified as “fair” QoL. For females, the median overall QoL score was 62.5 (10–87.5) which also qualified as “fair” QoL. No significant difference was noted between genders in QoL (P = 0.723). Among males, 55.5% had psychiatric comorbidity. Of these, two had mild depression and eight had anxiety. Among female patients, 34.4% had comorbid psychiatric issues; 6 had anxiety and 5 had depression. No significant difference was noted between genders (P = 0.9136). Conclusion: Persons with JME do not have gender-stratified differences in terms of psychiatric comorbidities and QoL despite differences in exposure to antiseizure medications and other gender-related factors. All persons with JME should be screened for psychiatric comorbidities, specifically anxiety, and depression. ER  - 
MR Imaging Findings in a Large Population of Autoimmune Encephalitis$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Autoimmune encephalitis is a rare condition in which autoantibodies attack neuronal tissue, causing neuropsychiatric disturbances. This study sought to evaluate MR imaging findings associated with subtypes and categories of autoimmune encephalitis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Cases of autoimmune encephalitis with specific autoantibodies were identified from the medical record (2009-2019). Cases were excluded if no MR imaging of the brain was available, antibodies were associated with demyelinating disease, or .1 concurrent antibody was present. Demographics, CSF profile, antibody subtype and group (group 1 intracellular antigen or group 2 extracellular antigen), and MR imaging features at symptom onset were reviewed. Imaging and clinical features were compared across antibody groups using x 2 and Wilcoxon rank-sum tests. RESULTS: Eighty-five cases of autoimmune encephalitis constituting 16 distinct antibodies were reviewed. The most common antibodies were anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate (n ¼ 41), anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase (n ¼ 7), and anti-voltage-gated potassium channel (n ¼ 6). Eighteen of 85 (21%) were group 1; and 67/85 (79%) were group 2. The median time between MR imaging and antibody diagnosis was 14 days (interquartile range, 4-26 days). MR imaging had normal findings in 33/85 (39%), and 20/33 (61%) patients with normal MRIs had anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antibodies. Signal abnormality was most common in the limbic system (28/85, 33%); 1/68 (1.5%) had susceptibility artifacts. Brainstem and cerebellar involvement were more common in group 1, while leptomeningeal enhancement was more common in group 2. CONCLUSIONS: Sixty-one percent of patients with autoimmune encephalitis had abnormal brain MR imaging findings at symptom onset, most commonly involving the limbic system. Susceptibility artifact is rare and makes autoimmune encephalitis less likely as a diagnosis. Brainstem and cerebellar involvement were more common in group 1, while leptomeningeal enhancement was more common in group 2. ER  - 
Clinical Epidemiological Profile of De Novo Postpartum Hypertensive Disorder in BP Koirala Institute of Health Sciences, a Tertiary Care Center in Eastern Nepal$$$ Aim: To identify the incidence, clinical risk factors, and clinical course of women with de novo postpartum hypertensive disorder without prior antepartum or chronic hypertensive disorders. Methods: This is a retrospective cross-sectional study. Postpartum records of all pregnant women normotensive in the antepartum and prepregnancy period, delivered in this institute and women (within 6 weeks postpartum period) admitted with the diagnosis of new-onset postpartum hypertension in the reference time period (March 2020–May 2020) were evaluated. Women with an antenatal diagnosis of preeclampsia or chronic hypertension were excluded. Relevant information regarding demographic characteristics, history, pregnancy course, postpartum course, and significant morbidity was collected. The incidence of de novo postpartum hypertension (dPPHTN) was calculated. The medians were compared using the Wilcoxon rank-sum tests. The association between outcome variables and epidemiological and clinical variables was assessed using the Chi-square test. For follow-up of the course of HTN, patients with dPPHTN were inquired via telephone conversation regarding duration of treatment, adherence to home BP charting, and complications. Results: Among 1,080 women who were normotensive 54 women developed dPPHTN giving us the incidence of 4.9%. Cesarean delivery was found to have a statistically significant association with dPPHTN. No statistically significant association was found in terms of parity, family history of HTN in first-degree relatives, and multiple gestations in the development of dPPHTN. No statistically significant difference was found between the medians of maternal age, gestational age at delivery, and that of birth weight among the two groups. The median postpartum day of presentation was 1st postpartum day with range of 0–7th postpartum day. The majority (92%) of cases were asymptomatic and were detected upon routine inpatient blood pressure monitoring, 5% patients had headache as the presenting symptom, and 1 patient presented with seizure. Median (range) peak systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 140 (120–170) mm Hg and 100 (70–110) mm Hg, respectively. The median length of hospital stay was 2 days with range of 2–7 days. About 19 (35%) patients were discharged with daily home blood pressure charting instructions, and 35 (65%) were discharged on oral medications. Regarding follow-up, 17 (31.48%) patients could not be contacted, 15 (27.77%) patients complied with home BP charting and discontinued antihypertensive therapy after physician consultation with duration of use of antihypertensive ranging from 7 to 14 days, 21 (38.88%) were noncompliant and lost to follow-up, 1 (1.8%) patient developed chronic hypertension. Conclusion: De novo postpartum hypertension is an underrecognized disorder with potential serious maternal morbidity. Our study elucidates the need for the development and implementation of stringent postpartum surveillance and follow-up protocols in order to detect, manage, and prevent morbidity due to this disorder. ER  - 
The extent of anticholinergic burden across an older Welsh population living with frailty: Cross-sectional analysis of general practice records$$$ Background: Anticholinergic medicines are associated with adverse outcomes for older people. However, little is known about their use in frailty. The objectives were to (i) investigate the prevalence of anticholinergic prescribing for older patients, and (ii) examine anticholinergic burden according to frailty status. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of Welsh primary care data from the Secure Anonymised Information Linkage databank including patients aged ≥65 at their first GP consultation between 1 January and 31 December 2018. Frailty was identified using the electronic Frailty Index and anticholinergic burden using the Anticholinergic Cognitive Burden (ACB) scale. Descriptive analysis and logistic regression were conducted to (i) describe the type and frequency of anticholinergics prescribed; and (ii) to estimate the association between frailty and cumulative ACB score (ACB-Sum). Results: In this study of 529,095 patients, 47.4% of patients receiving any prescription medications were prescribed at least one anticholinergic medicine. Adjusted regression analysis showed that patients with increasing frailty had higher odds of having an ACB-Sum of >3 compared with patients who were fit (mild frailty, adj OR 1.062 (95%CI 1.061-1.064), moderate frailty, adj OR 1.134 (95%CI 1.131-1.136), severe frailty, adj OR 1.208 (95%CI 1.203-1.213)). Conclusions: Anticholinergic prescribing was high in this older population. Older people with advancing frailty are exposed to the highest anticholinergic burden despite being the most vulnerable to the associated adverse effects. Older people with advancing frailty should be considered for medicines review to prevent overaccumulation of anticholinergic medications, given the risks of functional and cognitive decline that frailty presents. ER  - 
Alzheimer's Behavioral and Psychiatric Burden in Saudi Arabia: Validation of the Saudi Version of the Neuropsychiatric Inventory$$$ Background: The burden of behavioral and psychiatric symptoms in dementia (BPSD) has not been characterized in Saudi patients with Alzheimer disease (AD). Moreover, the Saudi version of the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (SNPI) has not been validated. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to validate the SNPI and describe frequency and determinants of BPSD in Saudi AD patients. Methods: The SNPI and BEHAVE-AD instruments were administered to community-dwelling Saudi AD patients and their caregivers. Results: The sample size was 192. The first 59 constituted the validation cohort. Cronbach alpha of the SNPI and BEHAVE-AD were 0.91 and 0.79, respectively. There were significant correlations between: (1) the total SNPI and BEHAVE-AD scores (r=0.84, P<0.001); (2) analogous SNPI and BEHAVE-AD symptom subscores (P<0.05); (3) SNPI and BEHAVE-AD caregiver distress (F=22.6, P<0.001). Inter-rater reliability of the SNPI was excellent (kappa=0.74). Ninety percent of patients experienced 4 SNPI symptoms or more. Patients with stroke and prior psychiatric history were most likely to experience BPSDs. The most common symptom was apathy (82%). Caregiver distress was determined by the total NPI score and impulsiveness subscale score. Conclusions: The SNPI is valid and reliable for assessing BPSD in Saudi AD patients. Longitudinal studies of BPSDs in Saudi specialized dementia clinics are needed. ER  - 
Effects of Anesthesia Changes during Maintenance ECT: A Longitudinal Comparison of Seizure Quality under Anesthesia Using Propofol/Esketamine Versus Methohexital$$$ Introduction The effectiveness of ECT relies on the induction of a generalized cerebral seizure. Among others, seizure quality (SQ) is potentially influenced by the anesthetic drug used. Commonly used anesthetics comprise barbiturates, etomidate, propofol, and esketamine, with different characteristics and impacts on seizure parameters. So far, no studies have compared the influence of methohexital vs. a combination of propofol/esketamine on established SQ parameters. Methods This retrospective longitudinal study compared eight established SQ parameters (PSI, ASEI, MSC, midictal amplitude, motor and electroencephalography (EEG) seizure duration, concordance, PHR) before and after the change from propofol/esketamine to methohexital in 34 patients under maintenance ECT. Each patient contributed four measurements, two before and two after the anesthesia change. Anesthesia dose, stimulus dose, electrode placement, and concomitant medication remained unchanged throughout the analyzed treatments. Results Under methohexital (M =88.97 mg), ASEI (p =0.039 to 0.013) and midictal amplitude (p =0.022 to<0.001) were significantly lower, whereas seizure duration (motor and EEG) was significantly longer when compared to propofol/esketamine (M=64.26 mg/51.18 mg; p =0.012 to<0.001). PSI, MSC, seizure concordance, and PHR were not affected by the anesthetic used. Discussion Although to what extent these parameters correlate with the therapeutic effectiveness remains ambiguous, a decision for or against a particular anesthetic could be considered if a specific SQ parameter needs optimization. However, no general superiority for one specific substance or combination was found in this study. In the next step, anesthetic effects on treatment response and tolerability should be focused on. ER  - 
Phase II Investigation of TVB-2640 (Denifanstat) with Bevacizumab in Patients with First Relapse High-Grade Astrocytoma$$$ Purpose: Glioblastoma represents the most common prim-Results: A total of 25 patients were enrolled. The most frequently ary brain tumor. Although antiangiogenics are used in the reported adverse events (AE) were palmar–plantar erythrodysestherecurrent setting, they do not prolong survival. Glioblastoma sia, hypertension, mucositis, dry eye, fatigue, and skin infection. Most is known to upregulate fatty acid synthase (FASN) to facilitate were grade 1 or 2 in intensity. The overall response rate (ORR) for lipid biosynthesis. TVB-2640, a FASN inhibitor, impairs this TVB-2640 plus bevacizumab was 56% (complete response, 17%; activity. partial response, 39%). PFS6 for TVB-2640 plus bevacizumab was Experimental Design: We conducted a prospective, single-cen-31.4%. This represented a statistically significant improvement in PFS6 ter, open-label, unblinded, phase II study of TVB-2640 plus bevover historical bevacizumab monotherapy (BELOB 16%; P ¼ 0.008) acizumab in patients with recurrent high-grade astrocytoma. and met the primary study endpoint. The observed OS6 was 68%, with Patients were randomly assigned to TVB-2640 (100 mg/m2 oral survival not reaching significance by log-rank test (P ¼ 0.56). daily) plus bevacizumab (10 mg/kg i.v., D1 and D15) or bevacizuConclusions: In this phase II study of relapsed high-grade mab monotherapy for cycle 1 only (28 days) for biomarker analysis. astrocytoma, TVB-2640 was found to be a well-tolerated oral drug Thereafter, all patients received TVB-2640 plus bevacizumab until that could be safely combined with bevacizumab. The favorable treatment-related toxicity or progressive disease (PD). The primary safety profile and response signals support the initiation of a larger endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS). multicenter trial of TVB-2640 plus bevacizumab in astrocytoma. ER  - 
RARE & DELAYED IFOSFAMIDE ENCEPHALOPATHY: A CASE REPORT OF CHEMOTHERAPEUTIC NEUROTOXICITY IN PRESUMED EWING SARCOMA$$$ CASE: A 25-year-old female with past medical history of presumed Ewing Sarcoma of the mandible on chemotherapy presented with 2 days of encephalopathy. She was at her baseline until 2 days before admission, when she had non-sensical verbal outbursts, unprovoked crying spells & refused to follow commands. On arrival, vitals were within normal limits. Labs were significant for WBC count of 24 103/ mcL, calcium of 10.2 mg/dL, & negative urine drug screen. CT head without contrast & MRI brain were normal. Physical exam showed a 7.1-cm expansile lytic mass of the right mandibular body, fixed gaze without tracking, mild tremor & occasional grunting. Recent medications included alternating cycles of ifosfamide & etoposide with vincristine, doxorubicin & cyclophosphamide. These medications were first administered 14 days prior to presentation & last administered 7 days prior. Within 2 hours of admission, psychiatry & neurology were consulted. Electroencephalogram showed diffuse slowing. She continued to be intermittently encephalopathic with impaired attention & limited thought content. Behaviors included hair pulling, pulling at room fixtures & standing on furniture. Haloperidol, lorazepam & scheduled olanzapine were trialed without benefit. Oncology recommended trial of methylene blue for delayed ifosfamide toxicity. Her symptoms resolved after 5 days of methylene blue administration, & she was discharged with plans to adjust her chemotherapy regimen. IMPACT/DISCUSSION: Ifosfamide is used as treatment in many solid organ & hematologic malignancies. Encephalopathy is a known adverse reaction of ifosfamide therapy, occurring in 10-30% of patients. Most neurotoxic side effects occur within the first 5 days post-infusion. Ifosfamide is metabolized by the liver into chloroacetaldehyde & chlorothylamine, which can cross the blood brain barrier & are neurotoxic. These can cause hallucinations, seizures, disorientation, coma, death & brain damage through direct neurotoxicity or inhibition of mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation. Risk factors for ifosfamide toxicity are older age, female gender, low serum albumin, renal failure & oral route of administration. While a clinical diagnosis, the onset of encephalopathy is known to typically occur within 2 to 146 hours of infusion. Two case reports demonstrated delayed neurotoxicity, 7- & 16-days postinfusion, both resolving with methylene blue administration. Aside from hydration & discontinuation of the offending agent, methylene blue is the antidote for ifosfamide toxicity. Symptoms typically improve within 24 hours of administration, & time to improvement may correlate with timing of toxicity. Those with delayed onset of symptoms may also have delayed resolution with methylene blue, as seen in our patient, who received 5 days of treatment. CONCLUSION: Delayed encephalopathy is a rare side effect of ifosfamide, but should be considered in patients receiving the drug, even several days post-treatment. ER  - 
MENTAL HEALTH IN SECONDARY SCHOOL CHILDREN WITH EPILEPSY AND THEIR CAREGIVERS: A CASE CONTROL STUDY$$$ Objectives The primary aim was to describe the prevalence of mental health problems in secondary school-aged children with epilepsy (11-15 years) and their primary caregivers and compare with a healthy control group. The secondary aim was to explore the association between child mental health and quality of life. Methods Children with 'active' epilepsy (currently taking antiseizure medicines) and controls were recruited via collaborating hospitals and an online portal. Epilepsy diagnoses were verified by caring physicians. Children people with epilepsy (n=60) and controls (n=49) completed a measure of mental health (Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire; SDQ) whilst primary caregivers in both groups completed a measure of their own mental health (Depression, Anxiety and Stress Scale). The children's quality of life was measured with the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL). Comparisons between the two groups were undertaken using chi-square analysis and independent t-tests. The relationship between child mental health and child quality of life was undertaken using correlational analysis. Alpha level was p<0.05 and effect size is reported using Cohen's d. Results There were no significant differences between the young people with epilepsy and those in the control group regarding age, gender, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status. A significantly higher proportion of children with epilepsy (45%) scored in the at-risk range on the SDQ indicating more mental health problems than the control group (24%) (p=0.026). Children with epilepsy had significantly more problems in subscales of emotion (p<0.001, d=0.657), hyperactivity/inattention (p=0.044, d=0.393) and peer problems (p=0.021; d=0.452). However, there were no significant differences on the conduct (p=0.690; d=0.077) or prosocial behaviour (p=0.171; d=0.265) subscales. There was a significant negative correlation between child reported quality of life and mental health problems (p<0.001; r = -0.582) in the epilepsy group; lower quality of life was associated with higher mental health problems. The primary caregivers of children with epilepsy reported significantly more symptoms of stress (p=0.019, d=0.460), anxiety (p=0.028; d=0.429) and depression (p=0.007, d=0.529;) than those of children in the control group. Conclusions Epilepsy confers a high risk for mental health problems in secondary school-aged children and their primary caregivers. The symptoms in children have a significant negative impact on quality of life. There is a need to screen secondary school-aged children with epilepsy for mental health problems and provide evidence-based treatment to those that screen positive. Future research should focus on the impact of identifying and treating mental problems in children on caregiver mental health. ER  - 
RATES, CAUSES AND PREDICTORS OF MORTALITY AND AVOIDABLE MORTALITY IN CHILDREN AND YOUNG PEOPLE WITH AND WITHOUT INTELLECTUAL DISABILITIES$$$ Objectives The aim of this study was to investigate mortality rates and associated factors, and avoidable mortality in children/ young people with intellectual disabilities. Methods This retrospective, general community, cohort study identified all records for people with learning disabilities aged 5-24 in the 2011 Scottish Census, and a 15% age matched comparison group of the Scottish population free from these conditions. The records for these individuals were data-linked between Scotland's 2011 Census and 9.5 years of National Records for Scotland death certification data. The main outcome measures were deaths up to 2020: age of death, agestandardised mortality ratios (age-SMRs); causes of death including cause-specific age-SMRs/sex-SMRs; and avoidable deaths. Results Death occurred in 260/7247 (3.6%) children/young people with intellectual disabilities (crude mortality rate=388/ 100 000 person-years) and 528/156 439 (0.3%) children/ young people without intellectual disabilities (crude mortality rate=36/100 000 person-years). SMRs for children/young people with versus those without intellectual disabilities were 10.7 for all causes (95% CI 9.47 to 12.1), 5.17 for avoidable death (95% CI 4.19 to 6.37), 2.3 for preventable death (95% CI 1.6 to 3.2) and 16.1 for treatable death (95% CI 12.5 to 20.8). SMRs were highest for children (27.4, 95% CI 20.6 to 36.3) aged 5-9 years, and lowest for young people (6.6, 95% CI 5.1 to 8.6) aged 20-24 years. SMRs were higher in more affluent neighbourhoods. Crude mortality incidences were higher for the children/young people with intellectual disabilities for most International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th Revision chapters. The most common underlying avoidable causes of mortality for children/young people with intellectual disabilities were epilepsy, aspiration/reflux/choking and respiratory infection, and for children/young people without intellectual disabilities were suicide, accidental drug-related deaths and car accidents. Conclusion Children with intellectual disabilities had significantly higher rates of all-cause, avoidable, treatable and preventable mortality than their peers. The largest differences were for treatable mortality, particularly at ages 5-9 years. Interventions to improve healthcare to reduce treatable mortality should be a priority for children/young people with intellectual disabilities. Examples include improved epilepsy management and risk assessments, and coordinated multidisciplinary actions to reduce aspiration/ reflux/choking and respiratory infection. This is necessary across all neighbourhoods. ER  - 
RATES, CAUSES and PREDICTORS of MORTALITY and AVOIDABLE MORTALITY in CHILDREN and YOUNG PEOPLE with and WITHOUT INTELLECTUAL DISABILITIES$$$ Objectives The aim of this study was to investigate mortality rates and associated factors, and avoidable mortality in children/young people with intellectual disabilities. Methods This retrospective, general community, cohort study identified all records for people with learning disabilities aged 5-24 in the 2011 Scottish Census, and a 15% age matched comparison group of the Scottish population free from these conditions. The records for these individuals were data-linked between Scotland's 2011 Census and 9.5 years of National Records for Scotland death certification data. The main outcome measures were deaths up to 2020: age of death, age-standardised mortality ratios (age-SMRs); causes of death including cause-specific age-SMRs/sex-SMRs; and avoidable deaths. Results Death occurred in 260/7247 (3.6%) children/young people with intellectual disabilities (crude mortality rate=388/100 000 person-years) and 528/156 439 (0.3%) children/young people without intellectual disabilities (crude mortality rate=36/100 000 person-years). SMRs for children/young people with versus those without intellectual disabilities were 10.7 for all causes (95% CI 9.47 to 12.1), 5.17 for avoidable death (95% CI 4.19 to 6.37), 2.3 for preventable death (95% CI 1.6 to 3.2) and 16.1 for treatable death (95% CI 12.5 to 20.8). SMRs were highest for children (27.4, 95% CI 20.6 to 36.3) aged 5-9 years, and lowest for young people (6.6, 95% CI 5.1 to 8.6) aged 20-24 years. SMRs were higher in more affluent neighbourhoods. Crude mortality incidences were higher for the children/young people with intellectual disabilities for most International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th Revision chapters. The most common underlying avoidable causes of mortality for children/young people with intellectual disabilities were epilepsy, aspiration/reflux/choking and respiratory infection, and for children/young people without intellectual disabilities were suicide, accidental drug-related deaths and car accidents. Conclusion Children with intellectual disabilities had significantly higher rates of all-cause, avoidable, treatable and preventable mortality than their peers. The largest differences were for treatable mortality, particularly at ages 5-9 years. Interventions to improve healthcare to reduce treatable mortality should be a priority for children/young people with intellectual disabilities. Examples include improved epilepsy management and risk assessments, and coordinated multidisciplinary actions to reduce aspiration/reflux/choking and respiratory infection. This is necessary across all neighbourhoods. ER  - 
MENTAL HEALTH in SECONDARY SCHOOL CHILDREN with EPILEPSY and THEIR CAREGIVERS: A CASE CONTROL STUDY$$$ Objectives The primary aim was to describe the prevalence of mental health problems in secondary school-aged children with epilepsy (11-15 years) and their primary caregivers and compare with a healthy control group. The secondary aim was to explore the association between child mental health and quality of life. Methods Children with 'active' epilepsy (currently taking antiseizure medicines) and controls were recruited via collaborating hospitals and an online portal. Epilepsy diagnoses were verified by caring physicians. Children people with epilepsy (n=60) and controls (n=49) completed a measure of mental health (Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire; SDQ) whilst primary caregivers in both groups completed a measure of their own mental health (Depression, Anxiety and Stress Scale). The children's quality of life was measured with the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL). Comparisons between the two groups were undertaken using chi-square analysis and independent t-tests. The relationship between child mental health and child quality of life was undertaken using correlational analysis. Alpha level was p<0.05 and effect size is reported using Cohen's d. Results There were no significant differences between the young people with epilepsy and those in the control group regarding age, gender, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status. A significantly higher proportion of children with epilepsy (45%) scored in the at-risk range on the SDQ indicating more mental health problems than the control group (24%) (p=0.026). Children with epilepsy had significantly more problems in sub-scales of emotion (p<0.001, d=0.657), hyperactivity/inatten-tion (p=0.044, d=0.393) and peer problems (p=0.021; d=0.452). However, there were no significant differences on the conduct (p=0.690; d=0.077) or prosocial behaviour (p=0.171; d=0.265) subscales. There was a significant negative correlation between child reported quality of life and mental health problems (p<0.001; r =-0.582) in the epilepsy group; lower quality of life was associated with higher mental health problems. The primary caregivers of children with epilepsy reported significantly more symptoms of stress (p=0.019, d=0.460), anxiety (p=0.028; d=0.429) and depression (p=0.007, d=0.529;) than those of children in the control group. Conclusions Epilepsy confers a high risk for mental health problems in secondary school-aged children and their primary caregivers. The symptoms in children have a significant negative impact on quality of life. There is a need to screen secondary school-aged children with epilepsy for mental health problems and provide evidence-based treatment to those that screen positive. Future research should focus on the impact of identifying and treating mental problems in children on caregiver mental health. ER  - 
Integrative roles of human amygdala subdivisions: Insight from direct intracerebral stimulations via stereotactic EEG$$$ Substantial studies of human amygdala function have revealed its importance in processing emotional experience, autonomic regulation, and sensory information; however, the neural substrates and circuitry subserving functions have not been directly mapped at the level of the subnuclei in humans. We provide a useful overview of amygdala functional characterization by using direct electrical stimulation to various amygdala regions in 48 patients with drug-resistant epilepsy undergoing stereoelectroencephalography recordings. This stimulation extends beyond the anticipated emotional, neurovegetative, olfactory, and somatosensory responses to include visual, auditory, and vestibular sensations, which may be explained by the functional connectivity with cortical and subcortical regions due to evoked amygdala-cortical potentials. Among the physiological symptom categories for each subnucleus, the most frequently evoked neurovegetative symptoms were distributed in almost every subnucleus. Laterobasal subnuclei are mainly associated with emotional responses, somatosensory responses, and vestibular sensations. Superficial subnuclei are mainly associated with emotional responses and olfactory and visual hallucinations. Our findings contribute to a better understanding of the functional architecture of the human amygdala at the subnuclei level and as a mechanistic basis for the clinical practice of amygdala stimulation in treating patients with neuropsychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Inflammatory properties of diet mediate the effect of epilepsy on moderate to severe depression: Results from NHANES 2013–2018$$$ Background: Depression is a major public health problem, and epilepsy and a high-inflammatory diet are important causes of depression. We aimed to explore the level of dietary inflammation in epileptic patients and its relationship with moderate to severe depression (MSD). Methods: This cross-sectional study included 12,788 participants aged 20–80 years from the NHANES database from 2013 to 2018. Depressive symptoms were evaluated using the nine-item Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9), and epilepsy was diagnosed based on the use of antiepileptic drugs within the previous 30 days. Dietary inflammatory index (DII) scores and energy-adjusted DII (E-DII) scores were calculated based on dietary recalls of the past 24 h, and average DII (ADII) and energy-adjusted ADII (E-ADII) were calculated based on two 24-hour dietary recalls. Results: The DII, E-DII, and ADII scores and prevalence of MSD were significantly increased in epileptic patients compared with non-epilepsy subjects. The E-ADII score (P = 0.078) was weakly associated with comorbid MSD in patients with epilepsy. Mediation models showed that dietary inflammation scores mediated 2.31 % to 12.25 % of epilepsy-related MSD. In stratified analysis, an increased prevalence of MSD was present in the Quartile 2 subgroup based on DII and E-ADII scores and in the Quartile 3 subgroup of epileptic patients based on DII, E-DII, and ADII scores. Conclusions: Epileptics consume more proinflammatory foods and nutrients than control subjects. MSD in patients with epilepsy is associated with their high inflammatory diet. Suggesting an urgent need for rational dietary management in the epileptic population. ER  - 
A Retrospective Case Series of Concomitant Carbapenem and Valproic Acid Use: Are Best Practice Advisories Working?$$$ Background: A Best Practice Advisory (BPA) warns clinicians of an interaction between carbapenems and valproic acid (VPA) that can cause significant declines in VPA levels leading to serious consequences for patients treated for seizure disorder and unknown implications for alternative indications. Objective: The goal of this study was to assess BPA efficacy in avoiding concomitant VPA/carbapenems, and to characterize use of these agents, clinical implications, and potential alternative therapeutic options. Methods: Retrospective chart review was performed on all patients over the course of 1 year who were concomitantly prescribed a carbapenem and VPA at Hartford Hospital, Hartford, CT. Data collected included: level of care, duration of concomitant therapy, indications, VPA levels during or surrounding overlap, documentation of the interaction, and therapeutic implications. Results: Carbapenems and VPA were administered to 591 and 625 patients, respectively; the BPA fired 126 times in 24 patients, and 15 patients were initiated on these agents concomitantly. Eight (53%) patients received VPA for seizures. The remaining seven (47%) received VPA for alternative indications. Eight of nine VPA levels were sub-therapeutic during carbapenem therapy and polypharmacy was administered in all patients receiving VPA for non-convulsive indications. Conclusion: Co-prescribing of these drugs was rare; however, the BPA was ineffective in 63% of instances. Reductions in VPA efficacy for any indication should be expected with concomitant carbapenem administration. Antibiotics other than carbapenems should be considered when coverage of multidrug resistant Gram-negative pathogens is required in patients whose VPA treatment cannot be interrupted or switched to a therapeutic alternative. ER  - 
Evaluation of voriconazole related adverse events in pediatric patients with hematological malignancies$$$ Background: Despite therapeutic drug monitoring and pharmacogenetic-guided dose selection are recommended for pediatric patients, safety of voriconazole is mostly monitored by clinical assessment. Having comprehensive knowledge of safety profile and distinguishing incidental events from the reactions that are truly related to voriconazole use are crucial for safer and uninterrupted treatment. Objectives: This study aimed to address adverse reactions during the first month of voriconazole use by systematically evaluating retrospective records of all adverse events. Patients/Methods: It is a single-center, retrospective analysis of patients who received voriconazole from 1 September 2010 to 1 September 2020. Severity of abnormal findings in medical records were systematically graded. Causality between voriconazole and the events was evaluated by Liverpool Causality Assessment Tool (LCAT), Naranjo Algorithm and World Health Organization Causality Assessment System. The events with possible or probable causal relation to voriconazole are classified as adverse reaction. Results: Records of 45 patients included in the study. The overall frequency of adverse reactions was 51.1%. Hepatobiliary laboratory adverse reactions identified in 48.9% of the patients and led to treatment discontinuation in 20.0%. Amylase and lipase elevation (2.2%), ventricular extra systoles (2.2%), hallucination and nightmares (2.2%) were other adverse reactions. Conclusions: Hepatobiliary abnormalities were the most common adverse reactions and the most common cause of treatment discontinuation. For safer treatment in critically ill patients, the dose should be personalized. To clearly identify the accurate frequency and the causality of all adverse reactions, prospective studies with much larger sample size are needed. ER  - 
Evaluation of Dexmedetomidine as an Adjunct to Phenobarbital for Alcohol Withdrawal in Critically Ill Patients$$$ Introduction: Dexmedetomidine (DEX) is commonly used with benzodiazepines for the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS), but limited data exist regarding its use with phenobarbital (PHB). This analysis evaluated the utility of DEX in addition to PHB for AWS in adult patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). Methods: This was a single-center, retrospective cohort analysis of critically ill adult patients who received PHB plus either DEX or different adjunctive therapies (NO-DEX) for AWS between 2018 and 2021. Patients were excluded if they had underlying altered mental status or seizure disorder unrelated to AWS or received PHB at outside hospitals. Coarsened exact matching (CEM) was performed to match patients on baseline characteristics in a 1:1 ratio. The primary outcome was ICU length of stay (LOS). A multivariate linear regression analysis was performed to assess the effects of DEX on ICU LOS when accounting for confounders. Secondary outcomes included days with delirium and incidence of mechanical ventilation after PHB administration. Results: Of the 606 encounters evaluated, 197 met criteria for inclusion. After CEM, 56 encounters remained in each group for analysis. The median ICU LOS was 97.2 [50.1:139.5] hours for the DEX group and 47.5 [28.8:88.1] hours for the NO-DEX group (P =.002). The multivariate linear regression analysis showed the use of DEX (P =.008) was independently associated with an increased ICU LOS by 49.8 h. The DEX group had higher rates of total delirium days (208 vs 143 days, P <.001) and a higher incidence of mechanical ventilation after PHB administration (32% vs 9%, P <.001). Conclusion: This analysis suggests the use of adjunctive DEX with PHB for AWS was associated with a prolonged ICU LOS. Additional studies are needed to further understand the role of adjunctive DEX in the treatment of AWS in critically ill patients. ER  - 
Deep phenotyping of frontal lobe epilepsy compared to other epilepsy syndromes$$$ Aims: Frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE) is understudied and often misdiagnosed. We sought to comprehensively phenotype FLE and to differentiate FLE from other focal and generalised epilepsy syndromes. Methods: This was a retrospective, observational cohort study of 1078 cases of confirmed epilepsy in a tertiary neurology centre in London. Data sources were electronic health records, investigation reports and clinical letters. Results: 166 patients had FLE based on clinical findings and investigations—97 with identifiable electroencephalography (EEG) foci in frontal areas (definite FLE), while 69 had no frontal EEG foci (probable FLE). Apart from EEG findings, probable and definite FLE did not differ in other features. FLE was distinct from generalized epilepsy, which tended to present with tonic–clonic seizures and be due to genetic causes. FLE and temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) both featured focal unaware seizures and underlying structural or metabolic aetiology. FLE, TLE and generalized epilepsy differed in their EEG (P = 0.0003) and MRI (P = 0.002) findings, where FLE had a higher rate of normal EEG and abnormal MRI findings compared to TLE. Conclusions: EEG is often normal for FLE, and abnormalities are commonly identified with MRI. There was no difference in the clinical features of definite and probable FLE, suggesting they represent the same clinical entity. The diagnosis of FLE can be made even when scalp EEG is normal. This large medical cohort provides hallmark features of FLE that differentiate it from TLE and other epilepsy syndromes. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and outcome of patients with brain arteriovenous malformations from a university hospital in Nepal$$$ Background: Clinical presentations, management strategies and outcomes of patients with brain arteriovenous malformations (bAVMs) are complex due to variable natural history and uncertainty in the optimal treatment modality. Data are scarce regarding patients with bAVMs from developing countries either due to low incidence or a low detection rate. The objective of this study is to describe the clinical characteristics, management strategies, and outcomes of patients with bAVMs treated microsurgically in a university hospital from Nepal. Methods: The clinical records of patients confirmed to have bAVMs and microsurgically excised between July 2015 and March 2022 were retrospectively reviewed. Data on demographic and clinical characteristics, morphometric characteristics of bAVMs on imaging, management strategies, and the 6-month outcomes were abstracted and analyzed. Results: Out of 43 bAVMs diagnosed, 23 were microsurgically excised during the study period. The mean age of the patients was 28 (7–57) years. Eighteen patients (78.2%) presented with hemorrhage whereas 5 (17.4%) had seizures. Eight (34.8&) patients had bAVMs on the motor cortex (6 on the right side and 2 on the left side). Only one patient had infratentorial bAVM. Seventeen (73.9%) out of 23 were in Spetzler-Martin grade II and III before surgery. One patient had flow-related two arterial aneurysms. A single-stage surgery was performed with angiographic confirmation of obliteration in all patients. The favorable outcome (mRS 0–2) was achieved in 22 (95.6%) patients. One patient died. Conclusion: The overall number of subjects diagnosed with bAVMs in our hospital is markedly lower than cerebral aneurysms. The resource limitation in the diagnosis due to the limited availability of computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging and angiography is the most likely cause of low detection. With an individualized and careful selection strategy, surgical results are excellent even in this low-volume setting. ER  - 
Potential role of FKBP5 single-nucleotide polymorphisms in functional seizures$$$ Objective: We investigated the associations between FKBP5 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and functional seizures (FS). Methods: Seventy patients with FS, 140 with major depressive disorder (MDD), and 140 healthy controls were studied. Their DNAs were analyzed for the rs1360780 in the 3′ region and rs9470080 in the 5′ region of the FKBP5. Childhood trauma questionnaire and hospital anxiety and depression scale were used. Results: Patients with FS and those with MDD had less GG and more AA genotypes in both rs9470080 and rs1360780 SNPs compared with those in healthy controls. Similar results were observed for allelic frequencies. There were no significant differences between FS and MDD groups in terms of genotype and allelic frequencies for both SNPs. The results of multinomial logistic regression analysis showed that FKBP5 polymorphisms were not associated with the diagnosis. Significance: Patients with FS and those with MDD had significantly different genotypes in both rs9470080 and rs1360780 SNPs compared with those in healthy controls. However, it seems that FKBP5 polymorphisms were not associated with FS in the absence of depression. Further genetic investigations of patients with FS may increase our understanding of the neurobiological underpinnings of this condition, but such studies should be large enough and very well designed; they should include a comparison group with depression in addition to a healthy control group. ER  - 
Subjective cognition is linked to everyday functioning in epilepsy$$$ Objective: Many people with epilepsy (PWE) suffer from reduced everyday functioning such as unemployment, relationship difficulties, or lifestyle limitations. To identify whether subjective cognitive impairment (SCI) is a potential source of these impairments, associations with restrictions of daily life (RDL) and reduced daily activities (DA) were examined. Methods: In a prospective cross-sectional sample of 316 adult in-patients with epilepsy, multiple regression analyses were calculated predicting RDL and DA. The relationships between these two measures and SCI were controlled for age, sex, seizure frequency, presence of structural lesions, epilepsy duration, mono- vs polytherapy and adverse events of antiseizure medication (ASM), level of depressive and anxiety symptoms, education, and employment. We also checked for an interaction between depressive symptoms and SCI, to evaluate whether patients with more depressive symptoms are more vulnerable for unfavorable associations between SCI and RDL or DA, respectively. General dominance indices (GDIs) were calculated to compare predictors. Results: Substantial SCI was present in 46% of our sample. SCI was independently associated with RDL and DA. Comparison of relative predictor importance revealed that SCI accounted for 23% of the total variance of RDL (GDISCI = 0.12, (Formula presented.) = 50%) and 24% of the total variance of DA (GDISCI = 0.08, (Formula presented.) = 32%). SCI was among the two most important predictors in both models. PWE with more depressive symptoms had stronger associations between SCI and RDL or DA, respectively. Significance: Subjective cognitive impairment represents a frequent concern in PWE and may have detrimental consequences for their everyday life. PWE with depressive symptoms may be at greater risk of unfavorable relationships between SCI and everyday functioning. Exchange and collaboration between professionals offering psychotherapeutic, neuropsychological, and psychosocial interventions are crucial to address the patients' individual needs. ER  - 
A registry for Dravet syndrome: The Italian experience$$$ Objectives: We describe the Residras registry, dedicated to Dravet syndrome (DS) and to other phenotypes related to SCN1A mutations, as a paradigm of registry for rare and complex epilepsies. Our primary objectives are to present the tools and framework of the integrative platform, the main characteristics emerging from the patient cohort included in the registry, with emphasis on demographic, clinical outcome, and mortality. Methods: Standardized data of enrolled pediatric and adult patients were collected in 24 Italian expert centers and regularly updated at least on a yearly basis. Patients were prospectively enrolled, at registry starting, but historical retrospective data were also included. Results: At present, 281 individuals with DS and a confirmed SCN1A mutation are included. Most patients have data available on epilepsy (n = 263) and their overall neurological condition (n = 255), based on at least one follow-up update. Median age at first clinical assessment was 2 years (IQR 0–9) while at last follow-up was 11 years (IQR 5–18.5). During the 7-year activity of the registry, five patients died resulting in a mortality rate of 1.84 per 1000-person-years. When analyzing clinical changes over the first 5-year follow-up, we observed a significant difference in cognitive function (P < 0.001), an increased prevalence of behavioral disorders including attention deficit (P < 0.001), a significant worsening of language (P = 0.001), and intellectual disability (P < 0.001). Significance: The Residras registry represents a large collection of standardized national data for the DS population. The registry platform relies on a shareable and interoperable framework, which promotes multicenter high-quality data collection. In the future, such integrated platform may represent an invaluable asset for easing access to cohorts of patients that may benefit from clinical trials with emerging novel therapies, for drug safety monitoring, and for delineating natural history. Its framework makes it improvable based on growing experience with its use and easily adaptable to other rare and complex epilepsy syndromes. ER  - 
The MGPIDP-L project: Potentially inappropriate drug prescribing and its associated factors$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to identify the prevalence of potentially inappropriate drug prescribing1 (PIDP) using a combination of explicit and implicit criteria in a sample of Lebanese older adults taking 5 or more chronic medications per day in ambulatory care settings and to identify which factors were associated with PIDP. The explicit criteria included five different lists: Beers, Laroche, European Union (EU(7)-PIM list), STOPP/ START, STOPP Frail, and Alert and Mastering of Iatrogenesis issued by the French High Authority of Health. We also performed a sensitivity analysis to compare the potentially inappropriate medications according to each criterion. Methods: Data were collected from each patient via a face-to-face interview. Logistic regressions were conducted to evaluate both objectives. Results: Many factors were positively associated with PIDP. The risk of PIDP was positively associated with age (OR =4.692, 95% CI [1.889–11.655]). Treatment for insomnia doubled the odds of PIDP (P<0.05). Participants who picked their medications from the pharmacy and had excess stock of drugs were at higher risk of having PIDP by 2.042 (95% CI [1.199–3.478]) and 2.965(95% CI [1.133–7.762]) respectively. However, patients with a perception of being heavily medicated and patients with a missed dose in the last two weeks had lower odds of PIDP. Conclusion: Our study showed a high prevalence of PIDP in Lebanon, which is associated with various correlates. Selecting the appropriate tools to assess PIDP and providing patient education regarding the risks associated with potentially inappropriate medications are issues to be addressed among older adults. ER  - 
Effect of mTOR Inhibitors in Epilepsy Treatment in Children with Tuberous Sclerosis Complex Under 2 Years of Age$$$ Introduction: Mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR) inhibitors sirolimus and everolimus are an effective therapy for subependymal giant cell astrocytomas, cardiac rhabdomyomas, renal angiomyolipomas, and lymphangioleiomyomatosis associated with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). Everolimus was recently approved in the EU and the USA for the treatment of refractory focal-onset seizures. Despite frequent use of mTOR inhibitors, there are only a few studies on their effect on epilepsy control in children under 2 years of age. This study aims to assess the effect of adjunctive mTOR inhibitor treatment on seizure frequency in this age group. Methods: We performed retrospective data analysis of medical records of patients with TSC who initiated sirolimus or everolimus under the age of 2 years. Participants’ antiseizure medication was adjusted according to their epilepsy control independently from mTOR inhibitor administration. The data was assessed separately for patients treated with mTOR inhibitors before and after the onset of seizures. We also compared the treatment group with a matched control group. The follow-up duration was up to 24 months. Results: Twenty-one patients with TSC from two clinical centers were included in the study. Nine participants had no history of seizures before mTOR inhibitor initiation. Twelve reported active epilepsy in the month prior to treatment initiation. Most patients treated preventively with mTOR inhibitors did not report active epilepsy at the end of their follow-up. In the second group, the mean frequency of seizures decreased with time. According to the comparative analysis, seizure control was better in the groups treated with mTOR inhibitors. Conclusion: Patients with TSC treated with mTOR inhibitors demonstrated better seizure control than individuals without this treatment. Adjunctive pharmacotherapy with mTOR inhibitors appears to have a beneficial effect on epilepsy outcome in young children. Further prospective clinical trials should be conducted to determine the efficacy of mTOR inhibitors on epilepsy in patients with TSC under the age of 2 years. ER  - 
Comparing two definitions of pediatric complexity among children cared for in general and pediatric emergency departments in a statewide sample$$$ Objective: The number of children cared for in emergency departments (EDs) with medical complexity continues to rise. We sought to identify the concordance between 2 commonly used criteria of medical complexity among children presenting to a statewide sample of EDs. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cross-sectional study of children presenting to a statewide sample of Illinois EDs between 2016 and 2021. We classified patients as having medical complexity when using 2 definitions (≥1 pediatric Complex Chronic Condition [CCC] or complex chronic disease using the Pediatric Medical Complexity Algorithm [PMCA]) and compared their overlap and clinical outcomes. Results: Of 6,550,296 pediatric ED encounters, CCC criteria and PMCA criteria were met in 217,609 (3.3%) and 175,708 (2.7%) encounters, respectively. Among patients with complexity, 100,015 (34.1%) met both criteria, with moderate agreement (κ = 0.49). Children with complexity by CCC had similar rates of presentation to a pediatric hospital (16.3% vs 14.8%), admission (28.5% vs 33.7%), ICU stay (10.0% vs 10.1%), and in-hospital mortality (0.5% vs 0.5%) compared to children with complexity by PMCA. The most common visit diagnoses for children with CCCs were related to sickle cell disease with crisis (3.9%), abdominal pain (3.6%), and non-specific chest pain (2.7%). The most common diagnoses by PMCA were related to depressive disorders (4.9%), sickle cell disease with crisis (4.8%), and seizures (3.2%). Conclusions and Relevance: The CCC and PMCA criteria of multisystem complexity identified different populations, with moderate agreement. Careful selection of operational definitions is required for proper application and interpretation in clinical and health services research. ER  - 
Comparative adherence trajectories of oral disease-modifying agents in multiple sclerosis$$$ Study Objective: This study compared the adherence trajectories of fingolimod (FIN), teriflunomide (TER), and dimethyl fumarate (DMF) users with multiple sclerosis (MS) as there is limited evidence regarding the comparative adherence patterns of different oral disease-modifying agents (DMAs). Design: A retrospective cohort study. Data Source: 2015–2019 IBM MarketScan Commercial Claims Database. Patients: Adults (≥18 years) with MS (International Classification of Diseases [ICD]-9/10-Clinical Modification [CM]:340/G35) diagnosis and ≥1 DMA prescription. Intervention: Incident FIN-, TER-, or DMF use based on the index DMA with 1 year of washout period. Measurements: The DMA adherence trajectories based on the proportion of days covered (PDC) were examined using the Group-Based Trajectory Modeling (GBTM) one year after the treatment initiation. Generalized boosting models (GBM)-based inverse probability treatment weights (IPTW) were incorporated in multinomial logistic regression to assess the comparative adherence trajectories across oral DMAs with FIN group as a reference category. Measurements and Main Results: The study cohort consisted of 1913 patients with MS who were initiated with FIN (24.2%, n = 462), TER (24.0%, n = 458), and DMF (51.9%, n = 993) during 2016–2018. The adherence rate (PDC ≥ 0.8) among FIN, TER, and DMF users was found to be 70.8% (n = 327), 59.6% (n = 273), and 61.0% (n = 606), respectively. The GBTM grouped patients into three adherence trajectories: Complete Adherers—59.1%, Slow Decliners—22.6%, and Rapid Discontinuers—18.3%. The multinomial logistic regression model involving GBM-based IPTW revealed that DMF (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 2.32, 95% confidence interval [CI]:1.57–3.42) and TER (aOR: 2.50, 95% CI: 1.62–3.88) users had higher odds to be rapid discontinuers relative to FIN users. In addition, TER users were more likely (aOR: 1.50, 95% CI: 1.06–2.13) to be slow decliners compared with FIN users. Conclusion: Teriflunomide and DMF were associated with poorer adherence trajectories than FIN. More research is needed to evaluate the clinical implications of these adherence trajectories of oral DMAs to optimize the management of MS. ER  - 
Adverse Event Profiles of Antiseizure Medications and the Impact of Coadministration on Drug Tolerability in Adults with Epilepsy$$$ Background: Antiseizure medication (ASM) as monotherapy or in combination is the treatment of choice for most patients with epilepsy. Therefore, knowledge about the typical adverse events (AEs) for ASMs and other coadministered drugs (CDs) is essential for practitioners and patients. Due to frequent polypharmacy, it is often difficult to clinically assess the AE profiles of ASMs and differentiate the influence of CDs. Objective: This retrospective analysis aimed to determine typical AE profiles for ASMs and assess the impact of CDs on AEs in clinical practice. Methods: The Liverpool AE Profile (LAEP) and its domains were used to identify the AE profiles of ASMs based on data from a large German multicenter study (Epi2020). Following established classifications, drugs were grouped according to their mode of action (ASMs) or clinical indication (CDs). Bivariate correlation, multivariate ordinal regression (MORA), and artificial neural network (ANNA) analyses were performed. Bivariate correlation with Fisher’s z-transformation was used to compare the correlation strength of LAEP with the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) to avoid LAEP bias in the context of antidepressant therapy. Results: Data from 486 patients were analyzed. The AE profiles of ASM categories and single ASMs matched those reported in the literature. Synaptic vesicle glycoprotein 2A (SV2A) and voltage-gated sodium channel (VGSC) modulators had favorable AE profiles, while brivaracetam was superior to levetiracetam regarding psychobehavioral AEs. MORA revealed that, in addition to seizure frequency, α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) modulators and antidepressants were the only independent predictors of high LAEP values. After Fisher’s z-transformation, correlations were significantly lower between LAEP and antidepressants than between LAEP and HADS or NDDI-E. Therefore, a bias in the results toward over interpreting the impact of antidepressants on LAEP was presumed. In the ANNA, perampanel, zonisamide, topiramate, and valproic acid were important nodes in the network, while VGSC and SV2A modulators had low relevance for predicting relevant AEs. Similarly, cardiovascular agents, analgesics, and antipsychotics were important CDs in the ANNA model. Conclusion: ASMs have characteristic AE profiles that are highly reproducible and must be considered in therapeutic decision-making. Therapy using perampanel as an AMPA modulator should be considered cautiously due to its relatively high AE profile. Drugs acting via VGSCs and SV2A receptors are significantly better tolerated than other ASM categories or substances (e.g., topiramate, zonisamide, and valproate). Switching to brivaracetam is advisable in patients with psychobehavioral AEs who take levetiracetam. Because CDs frequently pharmacokinetically interact with ASMs, the cumulative AE profile must be considered. Trial registration: DRKS00022024, U1111-1252-5331. ER  - 
Factors influencing prognosis and relapse in patients with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis$$$ Background: Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDAR) encephalitis is the most common type of autoimmune encephalitis. Here, we investigated the factors associated with poor prognosis and relapse in patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Methods: In this single-center observational cohort study, we retrospectively analyzed 51 patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis treated in our hospital from January 2014 to October 2022. The demographic data, clinical characteristics, scale scores, results of auxiliary examination, and treatment details were statistically analyzed. Based on modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores measured before final discharge, patients were divided into groups with good (mRS score 0–2) and poor (mRS score 3–6) prognoses for functional evaluation. The chi-squared test or Fisher's exact test was used to compare categorical data, and the t-test and Mann–Whitney U test were used to compare normally and non-normally distributed continuous data, respectively. Binary logistic regression was used to identify the risk factors for prognosis and relapse. Results: At admission, the main clinical manifestations observed were psychobehavioral disorders (50 cases, 98.0%), consciousness disorders (28 cases, 54.9%), epilepsy (33 cases, 64.7%), motor disorders (28 cases, 54.9%), speech disorders (24 cases, 47.1%), and dysfunction of the autonomic nervous system (15 cases, 29.4%). All 51 patients (100%) had mRS scores of 3–5 at admission, and 50 were treated with intravenous methylprednisolone and human immunoglobulin. A total of 22 patients (43.1%) had an mRS score of 3–6 at discharge, which was significantly lower than those at admission. One patient died (mRS score 6) after developing septic shock (fatality rate 1.9%). Binary logistic regression analysis showed that movement disorders/involuntary movement (odds ratios [OR] 3.778, p = 0.029), abnormal brain magnetic resonance imaging (OR 4.817, p = 0.013), electroencephalogram slow wave activity of >50% (OR 8.400, p = 0.001), a white blood cell count of >10 × 106/L in the cerebrospinal fluid (OR 3,210, p = 0.048), and male sex (OR 3.282, p = 0.050) were risk factors for poor prognosis. A duration of disease of >12 months (OR 8.800, p = 0.001) and first-line-immunotherapy for less than 3 months after first onset (OR 3.719, p = 0.048) were identified as risk factors for relapse. Conclusion: Motor disorders or involuntary movement, abnormal brain magnetic resonance imaging, electroencephalogram slow wave activity >50%, and elevated white blood cell counts in cerebrospinal fluid were associated with poor prognosis in patients with NMDAR encephalitis. First-line immunotherapy less than 3 months after first onset may be a risk factor for relapse. ER  - 
Unique clinical presentations and follow-up outcomes from experience with congenital disorders of glycosylation: PMM2-PGM1-DPAGT1-MPI-POMT2-B3GALNT2-DPM1-SRD5A3-CDG$$$ Objectives: Congenital Glycosylation Disorders (CDG) are a large group of inherited metabolic diseases with multi-organ involvement. Herein, we aimed to expand the clinical characteristics of patients with CDG based on our experience with diagnoses and follow-up of CDG patients from different subtypes. Methods: The clinical and laboratory findings from the last 15 years were reviewed retrospectively in Ege University Child Metabolism and Nutrition Department. Results: There were 8 (57.2%) females and 6 (42.8%) males. Diagnoses of the patients were PMM2-CDG (n=4), PGM1-CDG (n=2), DPAGT1-CDG (n=2), SRD5A3-CDG (n=2), MPI-CDG (n=1), POMT2-CDG (n=1), B3GALNT2-CDG (n=1), DPM1-CDG (n=1). The clinical findings of the patients were dysmorphia (85.7%), developmental delay (85.7%), intellectual disability (85.7%), ocular abnormalities (64.2%), skeletal malformations (64.2%), failure to thrive (57.1%), microcephaly (57.1%), hepatomegaly (35.7%), hearing loss (35.7%), seizures (28.5%), gastrointestinal symptoms (21.4%), endocrine abnormalities (21.4%), and cardiac abnormalities (7.1%). Laboratory findings were abnormal TIEF (92.8%), abnormal liver enzymes (64.2%), decreased protein C (64.2%), decreased antithrombin III (64.2%), decreased protein S (42.8%), hypogammaglobulinemia (35.7%), cerebellar hypoplasia (28.5%), CK elevation (7.1%), and hypoglycemia (7.1%). Conclusions: This study contributes to the literature by sharing our ultra-rare DPM1-CDG case with less than 20 cases in the literature and expanding the clinical and molecular characteristics of other CDG patients. Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia, short stature, hypothyroidism, growth hormone deficiency, hypogammaglobulinemia, pericardial effusion, elevated CK, congenital myasthenia, and anorectal malformation were unique findings that were observed. Cerebello-ocular findings accompanying multi-organ involvement were an essential clue for a possible CDG. ER  - 
Facial Emotion Recognition in Patients with Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy$$$ Previous studies have found facial emotion recognition (FER) impairments in individuals with epilepsy. While such deficits have been extensively explored in individuals with focal temporal lobe epilepsy, studies on individuals with generalized epilepsies are rare. However, studying FER specifically in individuals with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME) is particularly interesting since they frequently suffer from social and neuropsychological difficulties in addition to epilepsy-specific symptoms. Furthermore, recent brain imaging studies have shown subtle microstructural alterations in individuals with JME. FER is considered a fundamental social skill that relies on a distributed neural network, which could be disturbed by network dysfunction in individuals with JME. This cross-sectional study aimed to examine FER and social adjustment in individuals with JME. It included 27 patients with JME and 27 healthy controls. All subjects underwent an Ekman-60 Faces Task to examine FER and neuropsychological tests to assess social adjustment as well as executive functions, intelligence, depression, and personality traits. Individuals with JME performed worse in global FER and fear and surprise recognition than healthy controls. However, probably due to the small sample size, no significant difference was found between the two groups. A potential FER impairment needs to be confirmed in further studies with larger sample size. If so, patients with JME could benefit from addressing possible deficits in FER and social difficulties when treated. By developing therapeutic strategies to improve FER, patients could be specifically supported with the aim of improving social outcomes and quality of life. ER  - 
Acute organophosphorus toxicity in a regional hospital in Johannesburg, South Africa: A retrospective chart review$$$ Introduction: Intentional and accidental organophosphorus exposures pose a significant healthcare-related burden on South African communities. This study will review the demographics, characteristics and clinical course of patients presenting with features of acute organophosphorus toxicity to a regional Emergency Centre in Johannesburg, South Africa. Methods: This was a retrospective chart review of all patients treated for possible acute organophosphorus toxicity from January 2020 to August 2021. Results: A total of 205 patients were identified of which 134 patients were included in the study. The median age was 26 years with a male predominance (male= 56%, female=44%). 109 patients (81.3%) survived, 18 patients (13.4%) demised and the outcome of 7 patients (5.2%) was unknown. The median hospital length of stay was 8 days, (IQR= 5-13 days), and the longest hospital stay was 37 days in ICU. Atropinisation dose was significantly higher for intubated patients (median=140.0mg; IQR=90mg-219.5mg) compared to patients who were not intubated (median=60mg; IQR=20.5mg-120mg, p < 0.05). The length of stay was significantly higher for intubated patients (median=11 days; IQR=7-15 days) compared to patients who were not intubated (median=5 days; IQR=3-8 days, p < 0.00). There was a moderate positive correlation between atropinisation dose and length of stay (Correlation coefficient = 0.37, p < 0.00). There was a moderate negative correlation between atropinisation dose and cholinesterase level (Correlation coefficient= - 0.39, p < 0.00). Of those reported to have adverse effects 78.6%, were related to atropine toxicity. Conclusion: Our study shows a high mortality rate secondary to organophosphorus toxicity. Significant exposures and thus higher doses of atropine were associated with increased length of stay and need for intubation. We found a high incidence of atropine-related adverse effects. More studies are needed to further establish the balance between the therapeutic and adverse effects of high-dose atropine as a treatment modality for organophosphorus toxicity. ER  - 
A cross-sectional survey of prospective healthcare professionals' knowledge, attitudes and perceptions of medical Cannabis$$$ Background: Compounds isolated from Cannabis possess many beneficial effects creating a renewed worldwide interest in its therapeutic potential. With increased legalization for medicinal use globally, healthcare professionals must be familiar with the drug's uses and potential adverse effects. Objective: To determine prospective healthcare providers' knowledge, attitude and perception to medical Cannabis. Method: A self-administered online questionnaire comprising 21 questions to assess the knowledge, attitude and perception of medical Cannabis was distributed via google forms among students at the Faculty of Medical Sciences, the University of the West Indies, St Augustine Campus. Chi-square analysis was used to detect significant associations between demographics and measured variables. A p-value <0.05 was considered significant. Results: Popular perceived therapeutic benefits of Cannabis were chronic pain (91.2%), anxiety (84.2%) and seizures (71.1%), and identification of the risks associated with the use of Cannabis was low. Users of Cannabis were able to identify indications and symptoms that can be treated with Cannabis but were less aware of the adverse effects of the drug than non-users (p < 0.001). More than three-quarters (87.3%) believed they could identify therapeutic uses and adverse effects but only 14.2% were ready to answer queries from patients. The main source of Cannabis information was the internet and information was lacking in the medical school curriculum. Conclusion: The majority of students could not identify the drug's indications and adverse effects. There is a need to improve training for all prospective medical personnel to cater for the change in legislation status. ER  - 
Neurological Manifestations and Complications of the Central Nervous System as Risk Factors and Predictors of Mortality in Patients Hospitalized with COVID-19: A Cohort Study$$$ The aim of this study was to analyze the risk factors and predictors of mortality in a retrospective cohort of patients with coronavirus disease (COVID-19) who presented central nervous system (CNS) manifestations and complications when admitted to hospital. Patients hospitalized from 2020 to 2022 were selected. Demographic variables; history of neurological, cardiological and pulmonary manifestations; comorbidities; prognostic severity scales; and laboratory tests were included. Univariate and adjusted analyses were performed to determine risk factors and predictors of mortality. A forest plot diagram was used to show the strength of the associated risk factors. The cohort included 991 patients; at admission, 463 patients presented CNS damage and of these, 96 hospitalized patients presented de novo CNS manifestations and complications. We estimate a general mortality of 43.7% (433/991) and 77.1% (74/96), for hospitalized patients with de novo CNS manifestations and complications, respectively. The following were identified as risks for the development of hospital CNS manifestations and complications when in hospital: an age of ≥64 years, a history of neurological disease, de novo deep vein thrombosis, D-dimer ≥ 1000 ng/dL, a SOFA ≥ 5, and a CORADS 6. In a multivariable analysis, the mortality predictors were an age of ≥64 years, a SOFA ≥ 5, D-dimer ≥ 1000 ng/mL and hospital CNS manifestations and complications when admitted to hospital. Old age, being hospitalized in critical condition, and having CNS manifestations and complications in hospital are predictors of mortality in hospitalized patients with COVID-19. ER  - 
N°97 – Decreased regional postictal perfusion after electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures measured with arterial spin labeling$$$ Objectives: Purpose: The postictal state may result from hypoperfusion as a consequence from seizure-triggered vasoconstriction. Here, we explore this hypothesis using data from patients with major depressive disorder treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). We recently argued that the postictal state in these patients shows similar characteristics as observed in patients with epilepsy. Earlier work suggested that postictal perfusion decreases in frontal brain areas. Content: Methods: We used arterial spin labeling magnetic resonance imaging (ASL-MRI) before the start of the ECT-course and one hour after an ECT-session (i.e., in the postictal state). Per patient, cerebral blood flow (CBF) was quantified in baseline and postictal scans. We performed an explorative full-factorial whole-brain voxel-wise analysis of variance to determine perfusion changes over time, while correcting for age, sex, and electrode placement. Data were part of a prospective randomized trial with a three-conditions cross-over design (NL68690.091.18). Results: Twenty-one patients were included. In this preliminary analysis, we found decreased regional postictal perfusion in the medial and superior frontal gyrus, bilateral middle temporal gyrus, left superior parietal lobule, and left precuneus (p < 0.05; cluster-level corrected). Compared to baseline, no significant increases in postictal cerebral perfusion were noted. Conclusion: We find regional postictal perfusion decreases in select frontal and temporal brain areas which supports the postictal hypoperfusion hypothesis. Keywords: Postictal; Perfusion; Electroconvulsive therapy; Major despressive disorder; Arterial Spin Labeling. French language not detected for EMBFRA articles source xml ER  - 
N°247 – Resting-state brain connectivity differences between epileptic and non-epileptic first events$$$ Objectives: Introduction: Epilepsy is a brain network disorder affecting different regions across the brain. Clinical diagnosis often relies on different “markers” such as brain lesions or signs in the electroencephalography (EEG) tracing. However, in clinical routine these markers are not always clear or present at all, making it difficult to provide a certain diagnosis, especially because different pathologies can underlie the same epileptic symptoms. Here we investigated if measures of functional connectivity applied to resting-state EEG recordings differed between five patients groups (N = 15 per each group): epileptic, acute symptomatic seizure (ASS), psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, syncope, and patients who suffered from a single unprovoked seizures. Content: Methods: We retrospectively recruited untreated first-seizure patients for whom the EEG tracing did not show interictal epileptic discharges, and who presented no epileptogenic brain lesions (besides the hemorrhagic stroke group). We calculated a weighted phase lag index as a measure of connectivity in several regions of interest (ROIs) and for different frequency bands. Results: We found a significant interaction (p = 0.034) across groups for clustering coefficient (network segregation), which was increased in epileptic and ASS patients versus controls (p < 0.001 and p < 0.01 respectively), specifically in delta frequency. Conclusions: Given the often difficult diagnosis of epilepsy in the absence of clear signs on the EEG tracing, connectivity measures across patient groups could provide support for the identification of a possible underlying epileptic disorder. Future prospective studies will determine its usefulness as a biomarker for epilepsy. Disclosures: MS has shares in Epilog. Keywords: EEG; Epilepsy; Connectivity; First seizure; Biomarker. ER  - 
Neurologic Manifestations of Influenza in Children$$$ Objective: We assessed the neurologic manifestation of influenza among hospitalized children with influenza (neuro-flu), comparing their demographic and clinical characteristics to hospitalized children without neurologic manifestation (classic-flu). Methods: A retrospective, cohort study. All children with laboratory confirmed influenza (PCR), admitted to the Soroka University Medical Center (SUMC) between 2016 and 2019 were included. Results: Overall, 951 patients were identified: 201 with neuro-flu, and 750 with classic-flu. Seizures (n = 125) were the most common neurological manifestation of neuro-flu (seizure-flu): 73 simple febrile seizures, 45 atypical febrile seizures, and 7 afebrile seizures. Neurological comorbidities rates were significantly higher in neuro-flu versus classic-flu (13.0% vs. 6.0%), while respiratory and cardiac comorbidities were less common in neuro-flu (4.5% and 0.5% vs. 8.0% and 4.5%, respectively). Neuro-flu (compared with classic-flu) was associated with leukocytosis (21.0% vs. 13.0%, P < 0.001) and lower C-reactive protein (CRP) levels (2.4 ± 4.1 vs. 3.3 ± 5.4, P = 0.03). Notably, patients with classic flu had a more prominent respiratory disease, as they had more chest radiographs (CXR) performed (60.5% vs. 45.0%, P < 0.001), higher rates of pneumonia (27.0% vs. 12.0%, P < 0.001), and antibiotic (antibacterial) treatment (60.0% vs. 42.0%, P < 0.001). Conclusions: Influenza can appear as a neurologic disease, manifested mainly with febrile seizures. Children with neuro-flu have more neurologic comorbidities, suggesting that neuro-flu is mainly driven by host-factors, rather than by pathogen-factors. The relatively lower rates of pneumonia in neuro-flu suggests that these patients are admitted in the early stage of the influenza infection, which triggers the neurologic response. ER  - 
Differences in Cognitive Adverse Effects and Seizure Parameters Between Thiopental and Propofol Anesthesia for Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Introduction Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a well-established treatment option in case of severe and treatment-resistant psychiatric conditions. In this retrospective study, we compared the 2 anesthetics propofol and thiopental in terms of seizure quality, cognitive adverse effects, and clinical outcome. Methods Data collection was performed retrospectively by a chart review, including patient files and medical records. A total of 64 patients (female = 60.9%) treated with ECT within the period of February 2019 to March 2020 were included. Of these, 35 (54.7%) received thiopental for ECT narcosis and 29 (45.3%) were treated with propofol. Results Six hundred sixteen ECT treatments (mean number per case, 9.6) were performed in total. The mean electroencephalogram seizure duration (38.3 vs 28.1 seconds, t = 3.534, degrees of freedom [df] = 62, P < 0.001) and motor seizure duration (21.5 vs 12.0, t = 4.336, df = 62, P < 0.001) as well as postictal suppression index and heart rate increase were significantly higher in the thiopental group. Mean stimulation energy needed per session was higher in the propofol group (88.6% vs 73.0%, Mann-Whitney U test, P = 0.042). The ECT series was more likely to be interrupted due to cognitive adverse effects in the thiopental group (P = 0.001, Pearson χ2 = 10.514, df = 1). Number of patients achieving remission was significantly higher in the thiopental group (31.4% vs 6.9%, P = 0.015, χ2 = 5.897, df = 1). Conclusions Thiopental led to better seizure duration and quality and was associated with a higher rate of remission. As a downside, thiopental was also associated with a greater risk of cognitive adverse effects. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive Therapy Anesthetic Choice and Clinical Outcomes$$$ Objective Etomidate and methohexital are the 2 commonly used anesthetics for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the United States. The objective of this study was to examine how anesthetic choice between etomidate and methohexital is associated with real-world clinical outcomes. Methods This naturalistic retrospective cohort study examined longitudinal electronic health records for 495 adult patients who received 2 or more ECT treatments from 2010 to 2019 in Kaiser Permanente North California, a large integrated health care system. Study outcomes included 12-month posttreatment depression remission as measured by the 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire, psychiatric and all-cause emergency department visits, and psychiatric and all-cause hospitalizations. Results Anesthetic choice was not significantly related to depression severity, emergency department visits, or psychiatric hospitalizations at 12 months after completing ECT. In exploratory analyses, we found that etomidate compared with methohexital was associated with higher rates of patient discomfort adverse effects - postictal agitation, phlebitis, and myoclonus (2.4% vs 0.4%; P < 0.001). Conclusions We present the first large comparison of etomidate and methohexital as anesthetics for ECT and their associations with real-world outcomes. Our study showed no significant difference on depression remission, emergency department visits, or hospitalizations 12-months posttreatment. Thus, clinicians should focus on other patient or treatment characteristics when deciding on anesthetics for ECT. Further investigation is needed to confirm our exploratory findings that etomidate use was correlated with a higher rate of patient discomfort adverse effects relative to methohexital. ER  - 
Seizure EEG Quality in Right Unilateral Ultrabrief ECT$$$ Objective The aims of this study were to compare threshold and suprathreshold ictal electroencephalograms (EEGs) in right unilateral (RUL) ultrabrief (UB) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and to identify the differences between these EEGs. Methods This study is a retrospective review of 125 pairs EEGs from titration and subsequent sessions across a 2-year period. All EEGs were independently rated for by 2 assessors using a scale based on qualities of an EEG used to guide ECT treatment dose adequacy, for example, midictal amplitude, regularity, interhemispheric coherence, seizure end point, and postictal suppression. The scores of threshold and suprathreshold EEGs were compared within and between groups based on 2 ECT types, that is, RUL UB ECT and RUL brief pulse (BP) ECT. Results Paired t tests showed a statistically significant difference in between threshold and suprathreshold EEG scores in RUL UB ECT. There were no statistically significant differences between corresponding scores for RUL UB ECT and RUL BP ECT threshold and suprathreshold EEGs. Conclusions There is a significant difference between the quality of threshold and suprathreshold EEGs in RUL UB ECT when measured with an EEG rating scale. Visual rating of ictal EEGs is as reliable in discriminating between threshold and suprathreshold seizure in RUL UB ECT as it is in RUL BP ECT. ER  - 
CO203 Cumulative Anticholinergic Burden and Its Predictors Among Older Adults with Alzheimer's Disease Initiating Cholinesterase Inhibitors$$$ Objectives: Cumulative anticholinergic burden (CAB) focuses on the cumulative effect of multiple medications with anticholinergic properties. However, concomitant use of cholinesterase inhibitors (ChEIs) and CAB can nullify the treatment benefit of ChEIs and worsen Alzheimer's disease (AD). This study evaluates the prevalence and factors associated with CAB among patients with AD initiating ChEIs. Methods: A retrospective longitudinal cohort study was conducted using the Medicare data from 2013-2017. The study included older adults ( >65 years) with a diagnosis of AD and incident ChEI (donepezil, rivastigmine, or galantamine) use. CAB was calculated based on the Anticholinergic Cognitive Burden scale and patient-specific dosing using the defined daily dose over a one-year follow-up from ChEI initiation. CAB levels were dichotomized into moderate/high(Sum of standardized daily anticholinergic exposure over a year score ≥ 90) versus low/no (score 0–89). A multivariable logistic regression model was used to evaluate the factors associated with CAB based on the Andersen Behavioral Model. Results: The study included 222,064 older adults with AD with incident ChEI use (mean age 82.24 ±7.29, 68.9% females, 83.6% White). Overall, 80.48% had some anticholinergic burden, with most patients with moderate scores 90-500 (36.26%), followed by high scores >500 (24.76%), and low scores 1-89 (19.46%) burden categories. Predisposing factors such as age, males, African Americans, Asians, and Hispanics; need factors such as dyslipidemia, syncope, delirium, fracture, pneumonia, epilepsy, and claims-based frailty index were negatively associated with CAB. Positively associated enabling factors were dual eligibility and diagnosis year; need factors such as baseline burden, behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia, depression, insomnia, urinary incontinence, irritable bowel syndrome, anxiety, muscle spasm, gastroesophageal reflux disease heart failure, and dysrhythmia. Conclusions: Over 60% of older adults with AD had moderate-high CAB with several associated predisposing, enabling, and need factors. The study findings suggest a critical need to minimize CAB to improve AD care. ER  - 
Feasibility of Outpatient Hemodialysis for Patients with Total Artificial Heart: A Case Series$$$ Total artificial hearts (TAH) are used in patients with end-stage heart failure as a bridge-to-transplant. AKI is a common postoperative complication associated with TAH implant. Patients requiring temporary dialysis are denied implantation of TAH due to the inability to provide outpatient (OP) dialysis in the long term. Here we discuss four cases of TAH patients from a single center who were successfully maintained on OP hemodialysis (HD). All four patients were implanted with a 70cc SyncardiaTMTAH for NICM. Two patients were implanted as bridge-to-transplant (BTT); one received a heart/kidney transplant and the other received a heart transplant. Two patients were implanted as destination therapy; one was maintained on OP HD until end-of-life, and the other received a heart transplant after becoming transplant eligible. These cases confirm that OP HD is a feasible option for TAH patients with post-implant chronic renal dysfunction provided that the dialysis centers are trained and supported by the implanting program. ER  - 
Multimorbidity Patterns in Older Adults: the Role of Social Variables and Lifestyle Behaviors$$$ Introduction: While some condition clusters represent the chance co-occurrence of common individual conditions, others may represent shared causal factors. The aims of this study were to identify multimorbidity patterns in older adults and to explore the relationship between social variables, lifestyle behaviors, and the multimorbidity patterns identified. Methods: This was a cross-sectional design. Data came from 3,273 individuals aged ≥65 from the Seniors-ENRICA-2 cohort; information on 60 chronic disease categories, categorized according to the 2nd edition of the International Classification of Primary Care and the 10th edition of the International Classification of Diseases, was obtained from clinical record linkage. To identify multimorbidity patterns, an exploratory factor analysis was conducted over chronic disease categories with a prevalence >5%, using Oblimin rotation and Kaiser's eigenvalues-greater-than-one rule. The association between multimorbidity patterns and their potential determinants was assessed with multivariable linear regression. Results: The three-factor solution (Musculoskeletal diseases and mental disorders, Cardiometabolic diseases, and Cardiopulmonary diseases) explained 64.5% of the total variance. Being older, lower occupational category, higher levels of loneliness, lower levels of physical activity, and higher body mass index were associated with higher scores in the multimorbidity patterns identified. Female sex was linked to the Musculoskeletal diseases and mental disorders pattern, while being male was revealed to the two remaining multimorbidity patterns. A high diet quality was inversely related to Cardiometabolic diseases, while optimal sleep duration was inversely related to Cardiopulmonary diseases. Conclusion: Three multimorbidity patterns were identified in older adults. Multimorbidity patterns were differently associated with social variables and lifestyles behavioral factors. ER  - 
Association between First Trimester Exposure to Ambient PM2:5 and NO2 and Congenital Heart Defects: A Population-Based Cohort Study of 1,342,198 Live Births in Canada$$$ BACKGROUND: The extent to which ambient air pollution contributes to the pathogenesis of congenital heart defects remains uncertain. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether first trimester exposure to ambient fine particulate matter (PM2:5) and nitrogen dioxide (NO2) was associated with the risk of critical and noncritical heart defects in a large population-based cohort of births. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective cohort study of children conceived between 2000 and 2016 in Quebec, Canada. Heart defects were identified via data from the Maintenance and Use of Data for the Study of Hospital Clientele registry. The main exposures were average concentration of PM2:5 and NO2 in a) the first trimester and b) the month of conception. Exposures were estimated at the residential postal code. Associations with critical and noncritical heart defects were assessed using logistic regression models, adjusted for maternal and infant characteristics. We considered single-and two-pollutant models and assessed modifying effects of maternal comorbidity, including preexisting hypertension, preeclampsia, anemia, and diabetes. RESULTS: The cohort comprised 1,342,198 newborns, including 12,715 with heart defects. Exposure in the first trimester and month of conception yielded similar results; both were associated with a greater risk of heart defects. Adjusted odds ratios (OR) for any heart defect per interquartile range increase were 1.02 (95% CI: 1.00, 1.05) for PM2:5 and 1.10 (95% CI: 1.07, 1.13) for NO2. Associations with atrial septal defects were 1.08 (95% CI: 1.03, 1.14) for PM2:5 and 1.19 (95% CI: 1.12, 1.25) for NO2. Corresponding ORs for ventricular septal defects and individual critical heart defects were not significant. PM2:5 (OR = 1:11; 95% CI: 1.06, 1.17) and NO2 (OR = 1:23; 95% CI: 1.17, 1.31) exposure were associated with a greater risk of heart defects in mothers with comorbidity. DISCUSSION: In this population-based cohort, prenatal exposure to ambient air pollution during the first trimester was associated with an increased risk of heart defects, particularly atrial septal defects. The association with heart defects was greater in mothers with comorbidity. https://doi.org/10.1289/EHP11120. ER  - 
Health Diagnoses and Service Utilization in the Year Before Youth and Young Adult Suicide$$$ Objective: Suicide rates among young people are rising. Health care visits provide opportunities for identification and intervention, yet studies have been limited by small or circumscribed samples. This study sought to expand the knowledge base by examining health care encounters and diagnoses among young people who later died by suicide. Methods: This case-control study examined diagnoses of mental and general medical disorders and health care utilization in the 30 and 365 days before suicide death in nine large U.S. health care systems. Data (years 2000–2015) from 445 suicide decedents ages 10–24 years were matched with data from 4,450 control group patients. Results: Suicide decedents were more likely to have at least one mental disorder diagnosis (51% vs. 16%; adjusted OR [AOR]55.74, 95% CI54.60–7.18) and had higher rates of nearly all mental health conditions. Substance use disorders were common (12%) and more likely (AOR58.50, 95% CI55.53–13.06) among suicide decedents. More than one in three (42%) suicide decedents had a health care visit in the month before death, and nearly all (88%) had a visit in the previous year. Conclusions: Despite the greater likelihood of suicide associated with mental disorder diagnoses, such disorders were present among only 51% of suicide decedents. High rates of health care utilization among suicide decedents indicate a need for improving identification of mental health conditions and suicide risk across the health care system. Increased substance use screening may help identify youths at high risk because substance use disorders were significantly more prevalent and likely among suicide decedents. ER  - 
Datura 'devil's herb' rare intoxication: A 15-year retrospective study$$$ Rationale: Datura stramonium is a ubiquitous solanaceous plant found in urban and rural areas. It has become popular for its hallucinogenic effect and is consumed in various forms. All parts of the plant are toxic because they contain substances (alkaloids) that oppose the action of a neurotransmitter, acetylcholine. These compounds are atropine, scopolamine, hyoscyamine. Patients and methods/materials and methods: We report a series of cases of acute intoxication with Datura hospitalized in the department of intensive care and toxicology of Mahmoud Yaacoub center of Tunis (CAMU) from October 2008 to February 2022. Results: Sixteen patients were eligible, among them nine were male (56%). The median age was 39 years with extremes of 17 and 79 years. The main season of intoxication was spring (37%). The median time to onset of symptoms was 1 h [1,8] and the median time to emergency room visit was 6 h [2,24]. Only one patient was followed in psychiatry for a bipolar disorder and four patients were addicted to drugs (25%). Intoxication was voluntary in six patients and accidental in six others. Clinical signs were mydriasis with photophobia and blurred vision (93%), mucocutaneous dryness (43%), intense thirst (40%), fever (10%), dysphagia (25%), nausea (35%) and difficulty in speaking (13%). The presence of a bladder globe was noted in five patients (31%). The neuropsychological signs were almost constant including agitation (88%), hallucinations (88%), confusion (81%) reminiscent of alcoholic drunkenness, somnolence (63%), coma in three patients (19%) and seizures in two patients who required mechanical ventilation. Cardiovascular signs were palpitations (49%), sinus tachycardia (41%), bradycardia (13%), and hypertension (39%). Acute renal failure was present in 12% of cases. No digestive decontamination was performed in this series. Symptomatic treatment was effective in most cases. All intubated patients were extubated and evolved favorably. Conclusion: The diagnosis of Datura intoxication is clinical. Its low cost and easy access are the factors of an increase in its consumption as a psychoactive substance. The prognosis is related to clinical disorders: hospitalization is always necessary. ER  - 
Study of illicit drug intoxications in patients admitted in intensive care unit$$$ Rationale: Illicit drugs are often consumed by young people during festivity for their psychostimulant effect. They are more and more commonly used worldwide. The objective of the present study was to describe the epidemiology, clinical and therapeutic features of poisoning with illicit drugs. Patients and methods/materials and methods: It is a retrospective descriptive monocentric study conducted over a period of 8 years from August 2013 to December 2021 in a medical and toxicological intensive care unit. Results: Twenty-three (23) patients were enrolled in the study with acute illicit drugs poisoning. The mean age was 27 ± 7 years with male predominance. Sixteen patients were drug addicts, only one had a psychiatric history. Fourteen patients were smokers and 13 were alcoholic. Two were known to have epilepsy, one had a history of attempted suicide and only one with a history of asthma. The intoxication was voluntary in 19 cases and accidental in 4 cases. The intoxications were divided according to the type of drug: ecstasy (n = 9), cocaine (n = 3), cannabis (n = 1), heroin (n = 1), buprenorphin (n = 1). We noticed one case of combination of cocaine and opiates (n = 1), three cases of combination of cannabis and cocaine (n = 3), one combination of cannabis and heroin (n = 1), one combination of cannabis and LSD (n = 1), one intoxication with heroin, ecstasy and cannabis (n = 1). In most cases, patients were admitted in the weekends (n = 13) and in the summer (n = 9), while no cases were observed on Monday. Neurological symptoms were predominant (n = 13). For ecstasy (n = 9), the clinical presentation was mainly adrenergic (n = 3) and serotonin syndrome (n = 3). Two patients developed hypokalemia with good outcome. Regarding cocaine overdose cases (n = 3), two patients had tachycardia. For the one case of cannabis intoxication and the other with buprenorphin poisoning, the main symptoms were neurological signs and they had a good outcome. The most common electrocardiographic abnormality (n = 8) was sinus tachycardia. The mean hospital length of stay was 33 ± 18 h. Twenty-two patients (22) were discharged from the hospital. We registered one case of death secondary to multiorgan failure after massive intoxication with cannabis, ecstasy and heroin. Conclusion: Illicit drug intoxication is an emerging health problem in toxicology units in our country. Acute intoxication with illicit substances, as shown in this study, can be severe and fatal. Our results are similar to recent data in the literature. ER  - 
Acute insulin intoxication in the ICU: a retrospective study$$$ Rationale: Insulin is a protein hormone produced by the pancreas and is necessary in certain situations of diabetic patients since it is the only hypoglycemic hormone secreted in the human body. Insulin intoxication is underreported in recent literature. We report in this work the experience of the Tunisian national poison center for this intoxication. Patients and methods/materials and methods: Single-center descriptive and observational retrospective study that included all patients hospitalized for insulin intoxication at the polyvalent and toxicological critical care unit over a 10-year period (2013-2022). Insulin intoxication was defined as flollows: injection of a supra-therapeutic quantity in a diabetic or injection of insulin in a non-diabetic patient, with a blood glucose level at the finger on admission < 0.7 g/L. Results: During the study period, 61 patients were admitted for insulin intoxication: 20 patients (32.8%) presented with intermediate insulin intoxication, 14 patients with rapid insulin (23%), 8 patients with analogues (13%) and 19 patients (31%) had mixed intoxication with two types of insulin. The mean age was 32 ± 12 years with a sex ratio of 1.65. Diabete mellius was present in 26 patients (43%) and they were all treated with insulin. 39% of the patients were intoxicated with another associated treatment with a mean time of onset of hypoglycemia of 2.7 ± 2.5 h and a mean time of consultation to the emergency room of 6 ± 5.7 h. Intoxication was voluntary in 60 cases and one patient presented with insulin overdose. Psychiatric disorder was present in 30 patients (49%) with recurrence of suicide in 23 patients (38%). The mean dose of self-injected insulin was 295 ± 385 IU with a mean admission blood glucose level of 0.46 ± 0.25 g/L. The initial manifestations of intoxication included sweating in 39 patients (64%), tremors in 18 patients (29%), agitation with anxiety in 10 patients (16%). Confusion was present in 16 patients (26%), seizures in 7 patients and 10 patients (16%) had a coma, with 5 cases of coma who required intubation and mechanical ventilation. CT Brain showed only one case of cerebral edema. One patient had brain MRI which showed a laminar cortical necrosis. The average amount of glucose received to correct hypoglycemia was 363 ± 381.5 g and the average duration of hypoglycemia was 26 ± 18 h. Two patients presented severe neurological sequelae. Conclusion: Insulin intoxication is rare but remains serious and lifethreatening because of the risk of heavy neurological sequelae. ER  - 
Acute Risperidone Intoxication: Retrospective Study 2012-2022$$$ Rationale: Risperidone intoxication is uncommon and known to have a good prognosis with a low mortality rate. Very few reports on this intoxication exist. Patients and methods/materials and methods: Retrospective observational study that included all patients admitted to the medical and toxicology intensive care unit of a reference poison center for management of Risperidone intoxication. The study period was 10 years (from 2012 to 2022). Results: Forty-four patients were included during the study period, a female predominance was noted with a gender ratio (1.93), the mean age was 33 years ± 14. Psychiatric history was reported in 86% of the patients (22.7% depressed; 18.2% bipolar disorder; 18.2% schizophrenic and 40.9% had unspecified psychiatric history). In 9% of the cases the intoxication was related to a psychiatric decompensation and a therapeutic overdose and in 91% of cases was for suicidal purposes. Multi-drug intoxication was reported in the majority of cases: 62% associated with benzodiazepines, 20% associated with another neuroleptic and in 10% antidepressant. The supposed dose ingested was 40 mg [8,120] with an average consultation time of 3 h [1,6]. The neurological symptoms reported were: 50% somnolence, 25% extrapyramidal syndrome, 15.9% agitation, 4.1% seizures. A decreased level of consciousness (average Glasgow score 11 ± 4) was reported with a delay after intoxication of 5 ± 2 h and required mechanical ventilation in 36%. Pupils were reflexive in 45.5%, mydriatic in 11.4% and miosis in 43.2%. No hyperthermia was reported. Cardiovascular manifestations reported: tachycardia 75%, collapsus 16% (43% requiring catecholamines and 47% responding to fluid expansion), rarely an ECG change was reported: long QT 6.8%, right bundle branch block 4.5%. The most frequent metabolic disorders were metabolic acidosis (29.5%), rhabdomyolysis (9.1%) and acute renal failure (4.5%), of which only one patient required hemodialysis. Activated charcoal was used in two patients. 42% of the patients presented pneumonia: 18.8% ventilator-associated pneumonia; 22.7% aspiration pneumonia. The median duration of mechanical ventilation was 2 days [1; 24]. Among intubated patients, 32% presented an agitated awakening and 93.8% were subsequently extubated. The median length of stay in intensive care was 2 days [2,32]. The reported death rate was 2.3%. Conclusion: This study shows that acute risperidone intoxication can cause severe neurological and cardiovascular manifestations. Treatment is mainly symptomatic with no specific antidote. ER  - 
Theophylline intoxications: clinical presentation management and prognosis$$$ Rationale: Theophylline belongs to the xanthine family and is used for its bronchodilator effect. However, because of its very narrow therapeutic margin, it is less and less prescribed. Theophylline intoxications, whether accidental or voluntary, are rare but can be serious in some cases due to life-threatening cardiac and neurological complications. Patients and methods/materials and methods: It was a retrospective study between 2017 and 31st January 2023. We followed all patients who had been referred to our ICU for theophylline intoxication. Information collected included age, sex, amount of drug supposedly ingested and any initial clinical manifestations of toxicity. A blood sample was also collected for determination of plasma theophylline concentration. A plasma theophylline concentration > 15 mg/L was considered a reference for the diagnosis of poisoning. Results: Forty-five patients were included. Their median age was 20 [14;84] years; they were predominantly female 35 (79,5%). The co-morbidities were in 27% chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (asthmatic n = 7; 58% and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease n = 5; 42%). A history of psychiatry depressive disorder was noted in 12%. The mean delay in presenting to the emergency department was of 6 h [1;25]. The median theophylline supposed ingested dose was 3000 mg [300; 12000]. It was associated with other substances in 23 cases. Intoxication was voluntary in 91% and the overdose was reported in 9%. Clinical features were digestive disorders in 36 cases (80%), tachycardia in 28 patients (62.2%), tremors in 12 patients (27%), agitation for two patients (4%), seizures in one case and mean of CGS was 15 [14-15]. Six patients had a hemodynamic distress requiring the use of cathecolamines. Metabolic acidosis was present in 36 patients (80%) with a mean bicarbonate level of 18.8 ± 3.66 mmol/L. Lactate measurement was performed in 16 patients with a mean of 4.69 ± 2.02 mmol/L. Hypokalemia was found on admission in 27 patients (60%), with a medium level of 3.18 ± 0.53 mmol/l. Theophylline measurement was performed at admission with a median of 40[20;86] mg/l. The use of beta blockers as antidote was required in 15 cases (33%). The average length of stay in hospital was 2 days [1,6]. The evolution was favorable in all cases. Conclusion: Doctors should be aware of theophylline toxicity. Theophylline poisoning can be fatal for serum level above 100 mg/l. Recognition of clinical signs of poisoning and rapid management are the only guarantees of the prognosis. ER  - 
Phenytoin versus valproate acid in the management of status epilepticus$$$ Rationale: Phenytoin and valproate are commonly used antiepileptic drugs. It's generally believed that phenytoin is more effective for partial onset seizures and valproate is more effective in generalized onset seizures. Although there'is no evidence between this two antiepileptic molecules in the management of status epilepticus. We aim to compare phenytoin and valproate when used as antiepileptic drug in the management of status epilepticus in the prognostic. Patients and methods/materials and methods: We conducted a retrospective study in an intensive care unit including critically ill patients with status epilepticus between January 2016 and December 2022. We divided into 2 groups: those who received valproate acid (G1) and those who received phenytoin (G2). Groups were matched on age, gender, SAPSII and APACHE scores, severity of distress on admission and etiologies for status epilepticus. Results: Eighty patients with status epilepticus were enrolled in our institution. The median age was 53 [16-90] years and sex-ratio was 4,71. 37,5% had epilepsy, 27,2% had diabetes and 25% had HTA. Only 4,3% had renal failure. The mean APACHEII and SAPS II scores were respectively 18 ± 2 and 37 ± 4. Only 8,5% of patients had an electroencephalogram which demonstrated a comiality in third cases. Generalized tonic-clonic movement was the most frequent type of seizure (87,2%). The differents etiologies of status epilepticus were: cerebrovascular accidents (hemorrhagic stroke in 21,7% and ischemic stroke in 10,9%); switching off the epileptic drug (19,6%); central nervous system infection (meningitis 10,9%); cerebral thrombophlebitis (6,5%); drug toxicity (6,8%) and metabolic abnormalities (2,2%). The management of secondary neurological injuries was achieved in 93,6% of cases. Invasive mechanical ventilation with neurosedation were needed for 76,6% of patients and 38,3% of patients had shock. The complications of status epilepticus were observed in 13,2% cases: hemiplegia (6,6%), frontal lobe syndrome (1,7%), vegetative state (6,6%) and facial palsy (1,7%). ICU mortality was 23,5%. ICU length of stay was 13 ± 22 days [1-132]. There were 37 patients in G1 versus 43 in G2. There was no difference in the etiologies (p = 0,329) or the type of seizure (p = 0,11) between the two groups. A repeat crisis was observed in 10,6% of cases without difference between the two groups (p = 0,6). We noticed a higher incidence of the need of mechanical ventilation, nosocomial infection, need of vaso-active drugs and mortality in G1 without signification (p:0,373, p = 0,56, p = 0,34 and p = 0,34 respectively). Conclusion: We did not find any evidence that a significant difference exists between phenytoin and valproate for the outcomes. However, a propective study is needed to identify bias and to confirm these results. ER  - 
Omega-3 supplementation for ADHD in children with epilepsy$$$ Introduction: The treatment strategy for ADHD in children with epilepsy is based on the standard treatment such as methylphenidate. Our objective was to assess the efficacy of PolyUnsaturated n-3 Fatty Acid (PUFA) conjugated to a phospholipid vector in children with epilepsy. Material and methods: We performed a multicenter double blind parallel group randomized (1:1) controlled trial comparing PolyUnsaturated n-3 Fatty Acid (PUFA) with placebo in children aged > 6 and < 16-year suffering from any type of epilepsy and ADHD (inattentive or combined type) according to DSM-V criteria. The participants were on a stable dose of antiepileptic drug (AED) for at least one month prior to inclusion. The primary outcome was the reduction of the ADHD-rating scale IV attention-deficit subscore. Results: Seventy-four patients were randomized, 44 in PUFA and 30 in the placebo group. The study was stopped early because of lack of eligible participants. The reduction at 12 weeks in the inattention subscore of the ADHD-IV scale between the randomization visit and the one after 12 weeks of treatment was -1.57 in the PS-Omega3 group, and -2.90 in the placebo group (p = 0.33, α = 5%). The reduction at 12 weeks in the total score of the ADHD-IV scale between the randomization visit and the one after 12 weeks of treatment was -2.64 in the PS-Omega3 group, and -5.33 in the placebo group (difference -2.69, p = 0.15, exploratroy). Discussion/Conclusion: Whether PUFA conjugated to a phospholipid vector influences the ADHD rating scale inattention subscore compared with placebo remains unclear. Because of the potential low efficacy of PUFA for ADHD, we believe that it is not worth exploring with more RCTs the potential benefit of PUFA for ADHD in children with epilepsy. There is however growing evidence that psychosocial treatments for youth with ADHD and epilepsy might be promising. [1-3]. ER  - 
THE ATTRIBUTION OF NEUROPSYCHIATRIC EVENTS IN SYSTEMIC LUPUS ERYTHEMATOSUS: DATA FROM “ATTIKON” LUPUS COHORT$$$ Background: The attribution of neuropsychiatric manifestations to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) or unrelated causes is often obscure. Objectives: The attribution of neuropsychiatric events to lupus (SLE related) or other causes (non-SLE related) in a large SLE cohort. Methods: Retrospective study of 707 SLE patients from “Attikon” lupus cohort [1,2]. Neuropsychiatric manifestations were classified as either primary neuropsychiatric SLE (SLE related; attributed to SLE using a combination of multidisciplinary physician judgment with attribution models [3]) or secondary NPSLE (non-SLE related; neuropsychiatric manifestations not attributed to SLE) or manifestations of uncertain attribution. Results: 258 patients developed 345 NP events in total. Among them, 140 (40.6%) were attributed to SLE, while 148 (42.9%) were classified as secondary NPSLE. In 57 NP events, the attribution remained uncertain. Among primary NP manifestations, cerebrovascular events (n=34, 24.3%), seizures (n=25, 17.8%) and cranial neuropathies (n=18, 5.2%) were the most common, while mood disorders (n=69, 46.6%) and headache (n=22, 14.9%) were the most common secondary NPSLE. The extra-CNS clinical and serological phenotype do not differ between primary and secondary NPSLE. Patients with primary NPSLE as compared to secondary NPSLE, were more likely to accrue irreversible damage (SLICC damage index > 0) (OR=2.88, 95%CI 1.67-4.96) and develop additional neuropsychiatric manifestations (OR=3.74, 95%CI 1.98-7.09). Conclusion: A significant proportion of NP events cannot classified as primary or secondary NPSLE. Cerebrovascular eventσ and seizures are the most common primary NP manifestations in SLE. The primary NPSLE is associated with accrual of irreversible damage and increased risk of developing additional NP manifestations. ER  - 
COMORBIDITIES AND SAFETY EVENTS IN PATIENTS WITH SYSTEMIC LUPUS ERYTHEMATOSUS$$$ Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a complex autoimmune disease with multiorgan involvement. High disease activity may drive the development of comorbidities and safety events in SLE. Objectives: To assess the prevalence of comorbidities and history of safety events at the time of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI) assessment and the incidence of newly diagnosed comorbidities and safety events post-SLEDAI assessment among a prevalent cohort of adult SLE patients ≥18 years old. Methods: This was a retrospective observational cohort study using the OM1 SLE Registry data from January 2013 to February 2022 (OM1, Inc., Boston, MA). The index date was defined as the first observed or estimated SLEDAI score with ≥12 months of prior data occurring after the first observed SLE diagnosis. The baseline period included all observed time prior to and including the index date. The follow-up period for identifying incident comorbidities and safety events included all available data after the index date. Incidence rates were stratified by disease activity. Results: Among 10,837 patients, mean age was 52 years and 92% were female. The most common existing comorbidities were hypertension (44%), fibromyalgia (32%), anemia (29%), dyslipidemia (29%), thyroid disease (26%), obesity (25%), depression (22%), rheumatoid arthritis (22%), anxiety (19%), and Sjogren's syndrome (18%). History of safety events at baseline most commonly included any infection (11%), abnormal liver function tests, hepatitis, or acute liver injury (ALI) (8%), elevated creatinine or acute kidney injury (AKI) (6%), and any malignancy (5%). Most patients were treated with first-line therapy for SLE (glucocorticoids and/or antimalarials) during follow-up (89%). Use of second-line (methotrexate, azathioprine, leflunomide) and third-line (belimumab, anifrolumab, mycophenolate mofetil, mycophenolic acid, tacrolimus, cyclosporine, voclosporin, rituximab) SLE therapies were less common (29% and 30%, respectively). During follow-up, 36% of patients had no disease activity, 28% had mild activity, 22% had moderate activity, and 14% had severe activity. Greater disease activity was associated with higher rates of incident hypertension, dyslipidemia, anxiety, thyroid disease, end-stage renal disease or dialysis, chronic liver disease/cirrhosis, avascular necrosis, seizures or epilepsy, and Sjogren's syndrome. The most common incident safety events regardless of disease activity were any infection (30.7 per 1000 person-years [PY]), abnormal liver function tests, hepatitis, or ALI (20.3 per 1000 PY), and elevated creatinine or AKI (17.9 per 1000 PY). Correlation between incident safety events and disease activity varied by outcome. Conclusion: Many common comorbidities occur more frequently among patients with higher SLE disease activity. The association between disease activity and the incidence of safety events was less clear. SLE-related systemic inflammation, comorbidities, and effects of SLE treatment (both positive and negative) likely contribute to patients' risk profiles. (Table Presented). ER  - 
DIAGNOSTIC SENSITIVITY OF 18F-FDG PET/CT AND MRI IN PATIENTS WITH AUTOIMMUNE ENCEPHALITIS$$$ Introduction: Autoimmune encephalitis (AE) is an inflammatory disorder of the brain associated with varied neurologic symptoms and hence poses a major diagnostic challenge for the clinician. The pathogenesis of AE is related to the presence of autoantibodies against intracellular antigens (Hu, Ma2, GAD), synaptic receptors (NMDA receptor, AMPA receptor, GABA receptor, mGluR5, Dopamine receptor), ion channels and other cell-surface proteins (LGI-1, CASPR2, DPPX; MOG, AQP4, GQ1b). Treatment in these patients is often delayed due to the lack of specific symptoms and the time taken to obtain the result of the autoantibodies analysis. We performed a retrospective analysis of 14 patients to assess the role of 18F-FDG PET/CT in the diagnosis of autoimmune encephalitis. We compared 18F-FDG PET/CT with the MRI which is first diagnostic procedure in this setting and also correlated with CSF antibodies. Methods: We included 14 patients who presented with wide range of neurological symptoms like rigidity (35% of patients), tremors (21%), gait abnormality (42%), ataxia (35%), dysarthria (14%) , seizures(21%), jerky movements(28%), memory loss(50%), hallucinations(28%), fever(21%), headache, nausea, vomiting (14%) and cognitive impairment (57%) who were clinically suspected to have autoimmune encephalitis.18 F-FDG PET/CT studies were analyzed both qualitatively and semi-quantitatively. MRI findings were correlated with 18F-FDG PET/CT scan with respect to areas involved and structural deficits. Areas of cortical lobar hypo-hyper metabolism that were 2 SDx from the mean were recorded as abnormal. Results: On visual inspection, all 14 patients were identified as having an abnormal pattern of 18F-FDG uptake. In semi-quantitative analysis, at least 1 region of interest with metabolic change was identified. Overall, 18F-FDG PET/CT was abnormal in all the 14 patients whereas MRI was abnormal only in 21% of patients. The finding on brain 18F-FDG PET/CT imaging was lobar hypermetabolism (6/14 patients, 42%) followed by mixed pattern (5/14 patients, 35%) and hypometabolism (4/14 patients, 28%). Metabolic changes were most commonly observed in the frontal lobe followed by the parietal lobe. Basal ganglia were affected in 2 patients. The CSF analysis revealed positive NMDA receptor antibodies in 4 patients, VGKC (CASPR2) antibodies in 2 patients. 3 of the 14 patients had history of COVID infection and urothelial carcinoma in 1 patient. Based upon clinical criteria and available investigative reports, all patients were treated with specific immunotherapy. During follow up all the 14 patients showed symptomatic as well as clinical response. Conclusions: In our study, 18F-FDG PET/CT scan showed superior sensitivity in the diagnosis of autoimmune encephalitis. It is possible that the metabolic abnormalities occur much early in disease process and hence MRI appear to be less sensitive than 18F-FDG PET/CT in this clinical setting. Hence 18F-FDG PET/CT imaging may be an early biomarker of disease and could be used as the first modality of imaging in the patients suspected to have autoimmune encephalitis. ER  - 
Psychometric properties of Hamilton Depression Rating Scale among people with epilepsy in Jimma University Medical Center, Neurology Clinic, Southwest Ethiopia, 2020: Cross-sectional study.$$$ Objective It is crucial to use clinically validated instruments to detect and treat depression in people with epilepsy. Therefore, this study aimed to describe the psychometric properties of the Afaan Oromo version of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 17-item (HAMD-17) among these individuals in Ethiopia. Design A cross-sectional validation study. Setting A tertiary hospital, Southwest Ethiopia. Participants A total of 133 people with epilepsy were included in this study using a consecutive sampling technique from 1 September 2020 to 30 September 2020. Outcome The psychometric property of the HAMD-17. Criterion validity was assessed using the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI). The internal consistency was determined using Cronbach's alpha. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was used in determining the cut-off score, sensitivity, specificity and positive predictive value (PPV) and negative predictive value (NPV). The tools were translated into the local language (Afaan Oromo) and back into English and pretested before the data collection. Results The mean age of the participants was 31.7 years, SD±10.7. Eighty-six (64.7%), 55 (48.1%), 68 (51.1%) and 62 (46.6%) of them were male, unmarried, urban residents and completed primary school, respectively. The internal consistency of HAMD-17 was α=0.74. The Pearson's correlation coefficient for criterion validity was r=0.88. The ROC analysis showed 0.92 and 0.91 sensitivity and specificity of the HAMD-17, respectively. It also revealed α=0.96 NPV and α=0.87 PPV at a cut score of ≥9. The area under the ROC curve was 0.96. Conclusions The Afaan Oromo version of the HAMD-17 was considered valid and reliable for assessing depression in people with epilepsy, and the tool is not difficult to understand. The diagnostic performance using the gold standard MINI showed a good discriminatory capacity of the instrument. It can be used by any health professional to screen depression in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Determinants of Low Disease Activity and Remission in Pediatric Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Patients$$$ Objective: In our study, it was aimed to investigate the effects of disease symptoms at presentation in pediatric systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients on low disease activity and remission success after the 2nd year of the disease. Material and Methods: Demographic, clinical, and laboratory data of pediatric SLE patients being followed up at our center were obtained from their electronic medical records and patient files. Disease activity at 2 years after diagnosis was measured based on SLE Disease Activity Index-2000 (SLEDAI-2K) scores. Results: In this study, 29 patients diagnosed with pediatric SLE and followed up regularly for at least 2 years were included. At 2 years following diagnosis, according to their SLE activity measurements, 14 (48.2%) patients had high disease activity status (HDAS), whereas 15 (51.7%) had low disease activity status (LDAS)-remission. There was no statistically significant difference between the initial presenting symptoms of the two groups. At 5 years following diagnosis, among 15 patients, 6 (40%) had LDAS-remission, and 9 (60%) had HDAS. The 5th-year SLEDAI-2K scores of the patients with HDAS at 2 years were significantly higher than the 5th-year scores of those with LDAS-remission at 2 years (p=0.028). It was also found that the HDAS of 8 patients who had active disease at 2 years (80%) continued at 5 years. Conclusion: The results of our study showed that pediatric SLE presenting symptoms did not have a significant determining effect on low disease activity and remission at 2 years. On the other hand, low disease activity and remission observed at 2 years may be indicative of LDAS and remission at 5 years. ER  - 
The impact of COVID-19 restrictions on acute hospital presentations due to alcohol-related harm in Waitematā Auckland, New Zealand$$$ aims: New Zealand’s public health response to the COVID-19 pandemic has largely been considered successful, although there have been concerns surrounding the potential harms of the lockdown restrictions enforced, including alteration of alcohol consumption. New Zealand utilised a four-tiered alert level system of lockdowns and restrictions, with Level 4 denoting strict lockdown. This study aimed to compare alcohol-related hospital presentations during these periods with corresponding calendar-matched dates from the preceding year. methods: We conducted a retrospective case-controlled analysis of all alcohol-related hospital presentations between 1 January 2019 to 2 December 2021 and compared COVID-19 restriction periods to corresponding calendar-matched pre-pandemic periods. results: A total of 3,722 and 3,479 alcohol-related acute hospital presentations occurred during the four COVID-19 restriction levels and corresponding control periods respectively. Alcohol-related presentations accounted for a greater proportion of all admissions during COVID-19 Alert Levels 3 and 1 than the respective control periods (both p<0.05), but not during Levels 4 and 2 (both p>0.30). Acute mental and behavioural disorders accounted for a greater proportion of alcohol-related presentations during Alert Levels 4 and 3 (both p≤0.02), although alcohol dependence was present in a lower proportion of presentations during Alert Levels 4, 3, and 2 (all p<0.01). There was no difference in acute medical conditions including hepatitis and pancreatitis during all alert levels (all p>0.05). conclusion: Alcohol-related presentations were unchanged compared to matched control periods during the strictest level of lockdown, although acute mental and behavioural disorders accounted for a greater proportion of alcohol-related admissions during this period. New Zealand appears to have avoided the general trend of increased alcohol-related harms seen internationally during the COVID-19 pandemic and its lockdown restrictions. ER  - 
The impact of COVID-19 restrictions on acute hospital presentations due to alcohol-related harm in Waitematā Auckland, New Zealand$$$ AIMS: New Zealand’s public health response to the COVID-19 pandemic has largely been considered successful, although there have been concerns surrounding the potential harms of the lockdown restrictions enforced, including alteration of alcohol consumption. New Zealand utilised a four-tiered alert level system of lockdowns and restrictions, with Level 4 denoting strict lockdown. This study aimed to compare alcohol-related hospital presentations during these periods with corresponding calendar-matched dates from the preceding year. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective case-controlled analysis of all alcohol-related hospital presentations between 1 January 2019 to 2 December 2021 and compared COVID-19 restriction periods to corresponding calendar-matched pre-pandemic periods. RESULTS: A total of 3,722 and 3,479 alcohol-related acute hospital presentations occurred during the four COVID-19 restriction levels and corresponding control periods respectively. Alcohol-related presentations accounted for a greater proportion of all admissions during COVID-19 Alert Levels 3 and 1 than the respective control periods (both p<0.05), but not during Levels 4 and 2 (both p>0.30). Acute mental and behavioural disorders accounted for a greater proportion of alcohol-related presentations during Alert Levels 4 and 3 (both p≤0.02), although alcohol dependence was present in a lower proportion of presentations during Alert Levels 4, 3, and 2 (all p<0.01). There was no difference in acute medical conditions including hepatitis and pancreatitis during all alert levels (all p>0.05). CONCLUSION: Alcohol-related presentations were unchanged compared to matched control periods during the strictest level of lock-down, although acute mental and behavioural disorders accounted for a greater proportion of alcohol-related admissions during this period. New Zealand appears to have avoided the general trend of increased alcohol-related harms seen internationally during the COVID-19 pandemic and its lockdown restrictions. ER  - 
Association of Long-term Antiseizure Medication Use and Incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Background and Objectives Diabetes mellitus (DM) contributes significantly to metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular events, and it may be a comorbidity of epilepsy. The objective of this study was to investigate whether long-term antiseizure medication (ASM) use is associated with the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Methods We analyzed data from the Chang Gung Research Database. Patients aged ≥45 years who received ASM treatment from January 2001 to May 2019 were identified. Patients with DM-associated diseases and short-term ASM use were excluded. The patients were classified into nonenzyme interaction, enzyme-inducing, enzyme-inhibiting, and mixed ASM groups. The rate of incident diabetes associated with individual ASM was further analyzed. Propensity score weighting was performed to balance between-group differences. Analyses were conducted with Cox proportional regression models and stabilized inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW). Hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated at 3, 4, 6, and 9 years after the index date and the end of follow-up. Results A total of 5,103 patients were analyzed, of whom 474 took nonenzyme interaction ASMs, 1,156 took enzyme-inducing ASMs, 336 took enzyme-inhibiting ASMs, and 3,137 took mixed ASMs. During follow-up (39,248 person-years), 663 patients developed new-onset DM, and the prevalence was 13.0%. The incidence of DM plateaued at 6–9 years after ASM initiation. Enzyme-inhibiting ASMs were significantly associated with a higher HR starting at the third year and then throughout the study period. The HRs were 1.93 (95% CI 1.33–2.80), 1.85 (95% CI 1.24–2.75), and 2.08 (95% CI 1.43–3.03) in unadjusted, adjusted, and stabilized IPTW models, respectively, at the end of follow-up. The dosing of ASM did not increase the risk of DM, and none of the individual ASM analyses reached statistical significance. Discussion The long-term use of enzyme-inhibiting ASMs was associated with an increased risk of incident DM, and the risk increased with the duration of treatment. These findings may guide the choice of drugs in those requiring long-term ASM therapy, particularly in high-risk individuals. Classification of Evidence This study provides Class IV evidence that enzyme-inhibiting ASMs were associated with an increased risk of developing DM compared with nonenzyme interaction ASMs. ER  - 
Suicide in Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease: A Retrospective Case-Control Study$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS), a treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD), has been associated with suicidality. We conducted a case-control study comparing suicide in four pairs of cohorts: PD patients with DBS or not, epilepsy patients with resection surgery or not, subjects with BMI≥30 with bariatric surgery or not, and patients with chronic kidney disease with transplantation or not. PD patients with DBS demonstrated a lower risk of suicide relative to PD patients without DBS. Findings from other elective surgeries indicate that patients receiving operative treatments do not possess predictable differences in suicide rates relative to their medically managed counterparts. ER  - 
COMMON ADOLESCENT MENTAL HEALTH DISORDERS SEEN IN FAMILY MEDICINE CLINICS IN GHANA AND NIGERIA$$$ Background Mental health disorders among adolescents is on the rise globally. For fear of stigmatization, patients seldom present to mental health physicians. They are mostly picked during consultations with Family Physicians. This study seeks to evaluate the common mental health disorders seen by family Physicians in Family Medicine Clinics in Nigeria and Ghana. Methodology A descriptive cross-sectional study involving 302 Physicians practicing in Family Medicine Clinics in Nigeria and Ghana who were randomly selected for the study. Data were collected using self-administered semi-structured questionnaire, and were entered into excel spreadsheet before analysing with IBM-SPSS version 22. Descriptive statistics using frequencies and percentages was used to describe variables. Ethical approval was obtained prior to commencement of the study. Results Of the 302 Physicians recruited for the study, only 233 completed the study, in which 168 (72.1%) practiced in Nigeria and 65 (27.9%) in Ghana. They were mostly in urban communities (77.3%) and tertiary health facilities (65.2%). Over 90% of Family Medicine practitioners attended to adolescents with mental health issues with over 70% of them seeing at least 2 adolescents with mental health issues every year. The burden of mental health disorder was 16% and the common mental health disorders seen were depression (59.2%), Bipolar Affective Disorder (55.8%), Epilepsy (51.9%) and Substance Abuse Disorder (44.2%). Conclusion Family Physicians in Nigeria and Ghana attend to a good number of adolescents with mental health disorders in their Family Medicine clinics. There is the need for Family Physicians to have specialized training and retraining to be able to recognize and treat adolescent mental health disorders. This will help reduce stigmatization and improve the management of the disease thus reducing the burden. ER  - 
Deep Brain Stimulation of the Anterior Nucleus of the Thalamus in Drug-Resistant Epilepsy in the MORE Multicenter Patient Registry$$$ Background and ObjectivesThe efficacy of deep brain stimulation of the anterior nucleus of the thalamus (ANT DBS) in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) was demonstrated in the double-blind Stimulation of the Anterior Nucleus of the Thalamus for Epilepsy randomized controlled trial. The Medtronic Registry for Epilepsy (MORE) aims to understand the safety and longer-term effectiveness of ANT DBS therapy in routine clinical practice.MethodsMORE is an observational registry collecting prospective and retrospective clinical data. Participants were at least 18 years old, with focal DRE recruited across 25 centers from 13 countries. They were followed for at least 2 years in terms of seizure frequency (SF), responder rate (RR), health-related quality of life (Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory 31), depression, and safety outcomes.ResultsOf the 191 patients recruited, 170 (mean [SD] age of 35.6 [10.7] years, 43% female) were implanted with DBS therapy and met all eligibility criteria. At baseline, 38% of patients reported cognitive impairment. The median monthly SF decreased by 33.1% from 15.8 at baseline to 8.8 at 2 years (p < 0.0001) with 32.3% RR. In the subgroup of 47 patients who completed 5 years of follow-up, the median monthly SF decreased by 55.1% from 16 at baseline to 7.9 at 5 years (p < 0.0001) with 53.2% RR. High-volume centers (>10 implantations) had 42.8% reduction in median monthly SF by 2 years in comparison with 25.8% in low-volume center. In patients with cognitive impairment, the reduction in median monthly SF was 26.0% by 2 years compared with 36.1% in patients without cognitive impairment. The most frequently reported adverse events were changes (e.g., increased frequency/severity) in seizure (16%), memory impairment (patient-reported complaint, 15%), depressive mood (patient-reported complaint, 13%), and epilepsy (12%). One definite sudden unexpected death in epilepsy case was reported.DiscussionThe MORE registry supports the effectiveness and safety of ANT DBS therapy in a real-world setting in the 2 years following implantation.Classification of EvidenceThis study provides Class IV evidence that ANT DBS reduces the frequency of seizures in patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. ER  - 
United States’ qualifying conditions compared to evidence of the 2017 National Academy of Sciences Report$$$ Objective: To compare the 2017 National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (NAS) report to state medical cannabis (MC) laws defining approved qualifying conditions (QC) from 2017 to 2024 and to determine if there exist gaps in evidence-based decision making. Methods: The 2017 NAS report assessed therapeutic evidence for over twenty medical conditions treated with MC. We identified the QCs of 38 states (including Washington, D.C.) where MC was legal in 2024. We also identified the QCs that these states used in 2017. QCs were then categorized based on NAS-established level of evidence: substantial/conclusive evidence of effectiveness, moderate evidence of effectiveness, limited evidence of effectiveness, limited evidence of ineffectiveness, and no/insufficient evidence to support or refute effectiveness. This study was completed between January 31, 2023 through May 20, 2024. Results: Most states listed at least one QC with substantial evidence—80.0% of states in 2017 and 97.0% in 2024. However, in 2024 only 8.3% of the QCs on states’ QC lists met the standard of substantial evidence. Of the 20 most popular QCs in the country in 2017 and 2024, one only (chronic pain) was categorized by the NAS as having substantial evidence for effectiveness. However, seven (ALS, Alzheimer’s disease, epilepsy, glaucoma, Huntington’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, spastic spinal cord damage) were rated as either ineffective or insufficient evidence. Conclusion: Most QCs lack evidence for use based on the 2017 NAS report. Many states recommend QCs with little evidence, such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), or even those for which MC is ineffective, like depression. There have been insufficient updates to QCs since the NAS report. These findings highlight a disparity between state-level MC recommendations and the evidence to support them. ER  - 
Screening of Major Depression Disorder in Patients with Epilepsy in Indonesian National Referral Hospital$$$ Background and ObjectivesMajor depressive disorder (MDD) is a common psychiatric disorder in patients with epilepsy (PWE). The Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) is one of the MDD screening tools used in PWE. This study aims to determine the accuracy of the valid and reliable NDDI-E Indonesian version as an MDD screening tool in PWE and investigate the prevalence and risk factors for the development of MDD in PWE.MethodsA diagnostic cross-sectional study was conducted at Cipto Mangunkusumo National Referral Hospital, Indonesia. Patients were PWE aged 18 years or older who visited the epilepsy outpatient clinic. The valid and reliable NDDI-E Indonesian version and Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI) International Classification of Disease, 10th Revision (ICD-10) were used to diagnose MDD. In phase II of the study, diagnostic accuracy was evaluated using the receiver operative characteristic (ROC) curve method to obtain the area under the curve (AUC) and diagnostic 2 x 2 table to determine the cutoff point, sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), and negative predictive value (NPV). During phase III of the study, eligible individuals were screened for MDD using the NDDI-E Indonesian version. Demographic and clinical data were collected. Data analysis was performed using the χ2 test, Mann-Whitney test, and multivariate logistic regression analysis.ResultsA total of 105 individuals were involved, and only 23 of them were found to experience MDD based on MINI ICD-10. The best cutoff point for the NDDI-E Indonesian version was ≥11, with a sensitivity of 91.3%, specificity 89%, PPV 70%, and NPV 97.3%. The AUC obtained from ROC analysis was 97.5% (95% CI 95-99%, p < 0.001). Then, the survey was completed by 79 individuals, predominantly male, mostly within the age range of 26-45 years. The prevalence of MDD in PWE was 50.6%, and the significant risk factors were seizure frequency ≥8 times a year and the presence of chronic diseases (p < 0.001).DiscussionThe NDDI-E Indonesian version was a screening tool with a high diagnostic accuracy to detect MDD in PWE at a cutoff point of 11. Poor seizure control and the presence of other chronic diseases were the risk factors correlated with MDD development in PWE. ER  - 
Perioperative outcomes and the effects of anesthesia in congenital central hypoventilation patients$$$ Purpose: Patients with congenital central hypoventilation syndrome (CCHS) have autonomic dysfunction and lack ventilatory responses to hypoxemia and hypercarbia and thus are prone to adverse events during general anesthesia. The objective of this study was to describe the perioperative outcomes of patients with CCHS who were undergoing diaphragm pacer (DP) implantation surgeries under general anesthesia. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on patients with CCHS who underwent DP implantation surgeries at CHLA between January 2000 and May 2016. Charts were reviewed for demographics, PHOX2B genotype, ventilatory support, comorbidities, anesthesia administered, and perioperative courses. Results: Of 19 patients with CCHS (58% female) mean age at surgeries was 8.6 ± 5.8 years. Seventeen patients were ventilator-dependent during sleep only; two were ventilator dependent 24 h per day. Mean surgery duration was 3.1 ± 0.5 h. Seventeen patients were extubated to PPV via tracheostomy in the OR. Two patients were extubated to NPPV on postoperative day (POD) 1. Mean transition time to home ventilator or NPPV was 3.0 ± 2.2 days, and mean hospital stay was 5.0 ± 2.1 days. One patient premedicated without ventilatory support developed hypoxemia and hypoventilation. Ten patients (52%) had intraoperative events such as bradycardia, hypotension, significant hypoxemia, and bronchospasm. Fifteen patients had postoperative events. Hypoxemia, pneumonia, and atelectasis accounted for most of perioperative complications. One patient experienced seizure on POD 2 due to hypercarbia. Conclusion: Patients with CCHS are vulnerable to the cardiorespiratory effects of sedative and anesthetic agents. Therefore, they require vigilant monitoring and optimal ventilatory support in the perioperative period. ER  - 
Prevalence of Undiagnosed Acute Hepatic Porphyria in Cyclic Vomiting Syndrome and Overlap in Clinical Symptoms$$$ Background and Aims: Acute hepatic porphyria (AHP) presents with nausea and vomiting and can mimic cyclic vomiting syndrome (CVS). The prevalence of AHP in CVS and overlap in clinical symptomatology is not known. We thus sought to determine the prevalence of pathogenic variants for AHP and characterize symptom overlap between CVS and AHP. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study of 234 CVS patients using Rome criteria. Patients were eligible for AHP genetic testing if they had recurrent episodes of severe, diffuse abdominal pain with ≥ 2 of the following—peripheral nervous system (muscle weakness/aching, numbness, tingling), central nervous system (confusion, anxiety, seizures, hallucinations), autonomic nervous system (hyponatremia, tachycardia, hypertension, constipation) symptoms, red/brownish urine, or blistering skin lesions on sun-exposed areas. A family history of AHP or elevated urinary porphobilinogen (PBG)/aminolaevulinic acid (ALA) were also criteria for genetic testing and was performed using a 4-gene panel. Results: Mean age was 38.7 ± 14.5 years, 180 (76.9%) were female and 200 (85.5%) were Caucasian. During a CVS attack, 173 (92%) reported abdominal pain, 166 (87.2%) had peripheral nervous system, 164 (86.8%) had central nervous system and 173 (92) % had autonomic symptoms. Ninety-one eligible patients completed genetic testing. None were positive for AHP but two had variants of uncertain significance (VUS) in the HMBS gene. Conclusions: There is a high prevalence of non-gastrointestinal symptoms in CVS, like AHP, which is important for clinicians to recognize. AHP was not detected in this study and larger studies are warranted to ascertain its prevalence. ER  - 
Predictors of Thirty-Day Hospital Readmissions in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus in the United States: A Nationwide Study$$$ Objective: To evaluate independent risk factors for readmission and to determine the major reasons for readmission in a nationally representative sample of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods: We used the Nationwide Readmissions Database to identify adults with SLE who were discharged from hospital to home during January–November of 2016 and 2017. Thirty-day all-cause readmissions were identified. A multivariable adjusted survey-specific logistic regression model was used to identify factors associated with readmission. Results: A total of 132,400 hospitalized adults with SLE were discharged home during the study period; 88.3% were female, with a median age of 51.0 years (interquartile range 38.7–61.9 years). Of these, 18,973 individuals (14.3%) were readmitted within 30 days of discharge from their index hospitalization. In multivariable analyses, the factors associated with the highest odds for readmission were autoimmune hemolytic anemia (odds ratio [OR] 1.86 [95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.51–2.29]), glomerular disease (OR 1.27 [95% CI 1.19–1.36]), pericarditis (OR 1.35 [95% CI 1.14–1.60]), heart failure (OR 1.34 [95% CI 1.24–1.44]), age 18–30 years (OR 1.28 [95% CI 1.17–1.41] versus age ≥​65 years), and Medicare (OR 1.20 [95% CI 1.13–1.28]) and Medicaid insurance (OR 1.26 [95% CI 1.18–1.34]). Sepsis (7.6%), SLE (7.4%), heart failure (3.5%), and pneumonia (3.2%) were among the most common causes for readmission. Conclusion: In this nationally representative study of SLE readmissions, the strongest risk factors for 30-day readmission were younger age, SLE-related manifestations, and public insurance. These results identify patient groups with SLE that would benefit from postdischarge interventions designed to reduce hospitalizations and improve health outcomes. ER  - 
The tolerability of sofosbuvir/velpatasvir for 12 weeks in patients treated in the ASTRAL 1, 2 and 3 studies: A pooled safety analysis$$$ To evaluate the safety and tolerability of the fixed-dose, single-tablet regimen sofosbuvir/velpatasvir (SOF/VEL) for the treatment of hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in three Phase 3 studies in patients with and without compensated cirrhosis. Data from three registrational trials (ASTRAL-1, NCT02201940; ASTRAL-2, NCT02220998; ASTRAL-3, NCT02201953) were pooled by treatment regimen. Researchers assessed treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and laboratory abnormalities in patients randomized to SOF/VEL or placebo for 12 weeks in ASTRAL-1 and SOF/VEL for 12 weeks in ASTRAL-2 and ASTRAL-3. Overall, 1035 patients were treated with SOF/VEL, and 116 patients received placebo. Rates of any TEAE were generally similar between patients receiving SOF/VEL (79.4%) and those receiving placebo (76.7%). The majority of TEAEs were mild to moderate, with 23 (2.2%) treatment-emergent serious AEs in patients treated with SOF/VEL. Of these treatment-emergent serious AEs, none led to premature study discontinuation, nor were they considered related to treatment. Presence of compensated cirrhosis, greater age and mild renal impairment did not impact incidence or severity of TEAEs with SOF/VEL treatment. The most common TEAEs (incidence ≥10%) were headache, fatigue, nausea and nasopharyngitis in patients receiving SOF/VEL; similar rates were observed in placebo-treated patients. Three deaths (<1%) were reported in patients treated with SOF/VEL, all posttreatment and none assessed as related to study treatment. Similar to that of placebo, SOF/VEL treatment of HCV infection had a safety/tolerability profile that was not affected by baseline factors, such as the presence of compensated cirrhosis, mild renal impairment or advanced age. ER  - 
COVID-19 severity is related to poor executive function in people with post-COVID conditions$$$ Patients with post-coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) conditions typically experience cognitive problems. Some studies have linked COVID-19 severity with long-term cognitive damage, while others did not observe such associations. This discrepancy can be attributed to methodological and sample variations. We aimed to clarify the relationship between COVID-19 severity and long-term cognitive outcomes and determine whether the initial symptomatology can predict long-term cognitive problems. Cognitive evaluations were performed on 109 healthy controls and 319 post-COVID individuals categorized into three groups according to the WHO clinical progression scale: severe-critical (n = 77), moderate-hospitalized (n = 73), and outpatients (n = 169). Principal component analysis was used to identify factors associated with symptoms in the acute-phase and cognitive domains. Analyses of variance and regression linear models were used to study intergroup differences and the relationship between initial symptomatology and long-term cognitive problems. The severe-critical group performed significantly worse than the control group in general cognition (Montreal Cognitive Assessment), executive function (Digit symbol, Trail Making Test B, phonetic fluency), and social cognition (Reading the Mind in the Eyes test). Five components of symptoms emerged from the principal component analysis: the “Neurologic/Pain/Dermatologic” “Digestive/Headache”, “Respiratory/Fever/Fatigue/Psychiatric” and “Smell/ Taste” components were predictors of Montreal Cognitive Assessment scores; the “Neurologic/Pain/Dermatologic” component predicted attention and working memory; the “Neurologic/Pain/Dermatologic” and “Respiratory/Fever/Fatigue/Psychiatric” components predicted verbal memory, and the “Respiratory/Fever/Fatigue/Psychiatric,” “Neurologic/Pain/Dermatologic,” and “Digestive/Headache” components predicted executive function. Patients with severe COVID-19 exhibited persistent deficits in executive function. Several initial symptoms were predictors of long-term sequelae, indicating the role of systemic inflammation and neuroinflammation in the acute-phase symptoms of COVID-19.” Study Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT05307549 and NCT05307575. ER  - 
How Is Functional Neurological Disorder Managed in Australian Hospitals? A Multi-Site Study Conducted on Acute Inpatient and Inpatient Rehabilitation Wards$$$ Background: Successful management for functional neurological disorder (FND) requires multidisciplinary involvement starting with providing a definitive diagnosis. Objectives: To observe clinical management of patients with FND during hospital admission. Methods: A prospective observational study was conducted over six Australian hospitals over a 4-month period. Data collected included patient demographics, communication of the diagnosis of FND, access to the multidisciplinary team, hospital length of stay (LOS), and emergency department (ED) presentations. Results: A total of 113 patients were included. Median LOS was 6 (interquartile range, 3–14) days. Thirty-five (31%) presented to ED with 9 (8%) re-presenting two or more times after hospital discharge. Total hospital utilization cost was AUD$3.5million. A new diagnosis was made in 82 (73%) patients. Inpatient referrals were made to neurology (81, 72%), psychology (29, 26%), psychiatry (27, 24%), and physiotherapy (100, 88%). Forty-four (54%) were not told of the diagnosis. Twenty (24%) did not have their diagnosis documented in their medical record. Of the 19 (23%) not reviewed by neurology on non-neurosciences wards, 17 (89%) did not have their diagnosis communicated and 11 (58%) did not have it documented. Twenty-five (42%) referred to neurology were not provided with a diagnosis. Conclusions: Current gaps in service provision during inpatient hospital admissions in Australia include low rates of communication of a diagnosis, particularly when patients are not located on a neurosciences ward, and limited and variable access to inpatient multidisciplinary teams. Specialized services are needed to improve education, clinical pathways, communication, and health outcomes while reducing healthcare system costs. ER  - 
When Definitions Differ, are Comparisons Meaningful? Definitions of Weight Regain After Bariatric Surgery and Their Associations with Patient Characteristics and Clinical Outcomes - A Need for a Revisit?$$$ Introduction: Definitions and prevalence of weight regain (WR) after bariatric surgery remains inconsistent and their clinical significance unclear. Objectives: To assess WR five years after sleeve gastrectomy (LSG), employing six definitions; and appraise their association with patient characteristics/clinical outcomes. Methods: Consecutive patients (N = 589) who underwent LSG were followed up for 5 years. WR prevalence was calculated yearly employing six definitions. Regression analysis assessed associations between WR at 5 years, and patient characteristics (age, sex, preop BMI, number of follow-up visits, number of comorbidities) and remission of comorbidities (type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia). Results: Sample’s mean age and BMI were 34 ± 11.6 years and 43.13 ± 5.77 kg/m2, and 64% were females. Percentage of patients with WR at 2, 3, 4, and 5 years fluctuated between 2.53% and 94.18%, subject to definition, and time point. The definition “Any WR” generated the highest prevalence of WR (86–94%) across all time points. At 5 years, for patient characteristics, preoperative BMI was associated with three definitions (P 0.49 to < 0.001), sex was associated with two (P < 0.026–0.032), and number of comorbidities was associated with one definition (P = 0.01). In terms of comorbidities, only hypertension was associated with WR (one definition, P = 0.025). No other definitions of WR were associated with any of the variables under examination. Conclusion: Weight regain is reasonably expected after BMS. WR definitions were of minor clinical significance due to weak associations with limited comorbidities. Dichotomous definitions might offer some guidance while managing individual patients. However, its utility as a comparator metric across patients/procedures requires refinements. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. ER  - 
A Retrospective Real-Life Multicenter Study on Concurrent Oral Preventive Treatments in Patients with Chronic Migraine Treated with OnabotulinumtoxinA$$$ Background and Objective: OnabotulinumtoxinA (BoNTA) is a relatively safe and effective treatment for chronic migraine. The local mode of action of BoNTA favors the combination of oral treatments with systemic action. However, little is known about the possible interactions with other preventive treatments. The objective of the study was to describe the use of oral preventive treatments in patients with chronic migraine treated with BoNTA in routine clinical care and discuss the tolerability and efficacy according to the presence or absence of concomitant oral treatments. Methods: In this multicenter, observational, retrospective, cohort study, we collected data from patients with chronic migraine receiving prophylactic treatment with BoNTA. Patients were eligible if aged ≥18 years, diagnosed with chronic migraine according to the International Classification of Headache Disorders, Third Edition criteria, and treated with BoNTA according to the PREEMPT paradigm. We documented the proportion of patients with at least one concomitant treatment prescribed specifically for migraine (CT+M) and their side effects during four BoNTA treatment cycles. Additionally, we collected monthly headache days and monthly acute medication days from the patients’ headache diaries. Patients with CT+M were compared to those without concomitant treatment (CT−) using a nonparametric approach. Results: Our cohort included 181 patients taking BoNTA, of whom 77 (42.5%) received a CT+M. The most frequently prescribed concomitant treatments were antidepressants and antihypertensive drugs. Side effects in the CT+M group occurred in 14 patients (18.2%). Only in three of them (3.9%), the side effects had a significant interference with the patient’s functioning (all in topiramate 200-mg/day users). Both CT+M and CT− groups had a significant reduction in monthly headache days of respectively − 6 (95% confidence interval − 9, − 3; p < 0.001; w = 0.200) during cycle 4 compared with baseline versus − 9 (95% confidence interval − 13, −6; p < 0.001; w = 0.469). However, the reduction in monthly headache days was significantly smaller in patients with CT+M after the fourth treatment cycle compared with patients with CT− (p = 0.004). Conclusions: Prescription of oral concomitant preventive treatment is common in patients with chronic migraine receiving BoNTA. We did not identify any unexpected safety or tolerability issues in patients receiving BoNTA and a CT+M. However, patients with a CT+M experienced a smaller reduction in monthly headache days when compared with those with CT−, which might be associated with a higher resistance to treatment in that subgroup of patients. ER  - 
A pragmatic review of varenicline prescribing practices$$$ Background: Smoking is the leading preventable cause of illness and premature death worldwide. Most tobacco users desire to quit, but few are successful. Guidelines recommend varenicline as an initial treatment recommendation to support smoking cessation. Objectives: Determine whether historic warnings preclude the use of varenicline as an initial treatment recommendation in patients with and without certain comorbidities. Appendix 1 shows the questions asked in the survey. Methods: This study was conducted in 2 parts. Part 1 of this study was a provider survey. Part 2 was a multicenter, retrospective chart review. Survey respondents were primary care providers (PCPs) or internal medicine residents within a large health system. Patients included in the chart review had a PCP appointment between January 1, 2017, and December 31, 2020, and a diagnosis of tobacco dependence or tobacco cessation therapy prescription. Results: In total, 352 providers were included in survey distribution and 56 responses were received, resulting in a response rate of 16%. Most providers (77%) indicated that they would be likely to use varenicline as an initial treatment recommendation in a patient with no comorbidities. Providers indicated they would be unlikely to use varenicline in a patient with certain mental health comorbidities (43%, 43%, and 55% for patients with bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, or history of suicide attempts, respectively, with 25%, 30%, and 27% having no opinion for each group). In addition, chart review yielded data for 25,128 patients. Notably, patients with schizophrenia were found to have an odds ratio of 0.55 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.39–0.77) to receive varenicline at any point in therapy, and patients with diabetes had an odds ratio of 2.66 (95% CI 2.22–3.19) to receive no treatment. Conclusions: Historic warnings for neuropsychiatric events with varenicline may still preclude usage in patients with serious psychiatric comorbidities such as schizophrenia. In addition, patients with diabetes were less likely to receive any form of tobacco cessation therapy. ER  - 
Comparison of Imaging Methods and Population Pattern in Dogs with Spinal Diseases in Three Periods between 2005 and 2022: A Retrospective Study$$$ The aim of this study was the long-term comparison of the imaging methods used in dogs with neurologic diseases related to the spine and spinal cord. We also compared the occurrence of neurological diseases according to the localization, gender, age, and breed. As the availability of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) has increased over the years, resulting in increased diagnostic and therapeutic success rates, the study was divided into three time periods (2005–2014, 2015–2018, and 2019–2022). Our results suggest changes in the population structure of the dogs studied and changes in the use of diagnostic methods that directly or indirectly influence the choice and success rate of therapy. Our results may be of interest to owners, breeders, practicing veterinarians, and insurance companies. ER  - 
Kullback–Leibler Divergence of Sleep-Wake Patterns Related with Depressive Severity in Patients with Epilepsy$$$ (1) Objective: Whether abnormal sleep-wake rhythms were associated with depressive symptoms in patents with epilepsy had remained unclear. Our study aimed to establish relative entropy for the assessment of sleep-wake patterns and to explore the relationship between this index and the severity of depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy. (2) Methods: We recorded long-term scalp electroencephalograms (EEGs) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HAMD-17) questionnaire scores from 64 patients with epilepsy. Patients with HAMD-17 scores of 0–7 points were defined as the non-depressive group, while patients with scores of 8 or higher were defined as the depression group. Sleep stages were firstly classified based on EEG data. We then quantified sleep-wake rhythm variations in brain activity using the Kullback–Leibler divergence (KLD) of daytime wakefulness and nighttime sleep. The KLD at different frequency bands in each brain region was analyzed between the depression and non-depression groups. (3) Results: Of the 64 patients with epilepsy included in our study, 32 had depressive symptoms. It was found that patients with depression had significantly decreased KLD for high-frequency oscillations in most brain areas, especially the frontal lobe. A detailed analysis was conducted in the right frontal region (F4) because of the significant difference in the high-frequency band. We found that the KLDs at the gamma bands were significantly decreased in the depression groups compared to the non-depression group (KLDD = 0.35 ± 0.05, KLDND = 0.57 ± 0.05, p = 0.009). A negative correlation was displayed between the KLD of gamma band oscillation and HAMD-17 score (r = −0.29, p = 0.02). (4) Conclusions: Sleep-wake rhythms can be assessed using the KLD index calculated from long-term scalp EEGs. Moreover, the KLD of high-frequency bands had a negative correlation with HAMD-17 scores in patients with epilepsy, which indicates a close relationship between abnormal sleep-wake patterns and depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Children with FASD—Evolving Patterns of Developmental Problems and Intervention Costs in Ages 0 through 16 in Finland$$$ This is a retrospective chart review of 55 persons (mean age 11 years, range 2–28 years) diagnosed with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder (FASD) in one Finnish central hospital. The aim was to determine typical problems and interventions and estimate their costs during different periods of childhood between ages 0 and 16. During the first year, 29/38 (76.3%) were treated in the neonatal intensive care unit, 29/43 (67.4%) received physiotherapy, 15/43 (34.9%) were diagnosed with congenital malformation, 8/43 (18.6%) had heart defects. Between 1 and 6 years, 39/45 (86.7%) received occupational therapy, 25/45 (55.6%) speech therapy, and 12/45 (26.7%) were diagnosed with strabismus. Between 7 and 12 years, 25/37 (67.6%) were diagnosed with ADHD and special education was recommended for 30/37 (81.1%). Learning disorders and the need for psychiatric care increased with age. Between 13 and 16 years, 12/15 (80%) were treated in the psychiatric unit, and by this age, 8/15 (53.3%) were diagnosed with intellectual disability. Before 16 years, 44/55 (80%) were placed out of home, which caused 78.5% of the estimated cumulative mean extra costs of EUR 1,077,000 in 2022 currency. Except for psychiatric costs, health care costs were highest during early years. Charting typical patterns of problems may help in identifying children with FASD and planning follow-ups, content of assessments, and interventions. ER  - 
Association between Periodontitis Extent, Severity, and Progression Rate with Systemic Diseases and Smoking: A Retrospective Study$$$ Background: The aim of this study was to analyze the relationship between extent, severity (stage), and rate of progression (grade) of periodontitis with systemic diseases as well as smoking using a large database. Methods: Patients’ records identified in the BigMouth Dental Data Repository with a periodontal diagnosis based on the 2017 World Workshop on the Classification of Periodontal and Peri-Implant Diseases and Conditions were evaluated. Patients were further categorized based on extent, severity, and rate of progression. Data were extracted from patients’ electronic health records including demographic characteristics, dental procedural codes, and self-reported medical conditions, as well as the number of missing teeth. Results: A total of 2069 complete records were ultimately included in the analysis. Males were more likely to have generalized periodontitis and stage III or IV periodontitis. Older individuals were more likely diagnosed with grade B and stage III or IV periodontitis. Individuals with generalized disease, grade C, and stage IV demonstrated a significantly higher number of missing teeth. Higher numbers of tooth loss reported during supportive periodontal treatment were noted in generalized disease and stage IV periodontitis. Multiple sclerosis and smoking were significantly associated with grade C periodontitis. Conclusions: Within the limitations of this retrospective study that utilized the BigMouth dental data repository, smokers were significantly associated with rapid progression of periodontitis (grade C). Gender, age, number of missing teeth, and number of tooth loss during supportive periodontal treatment were associated with disease characteristics. ER  - 
476. Genet - A Novel International Research Collaboration for the Standardized Collection and Sharing of ECT Treatment Data and Associated Biosignals – Implementation, Application, and Findings$$$ Background: Eighty years of ECT related research, ranging from controlled clinical investigations to genetics and neurophysiology, has greatly advanced our understanding of the basic and therapeutic mechanisms involved. However, several factors are known to obstruct large-scale investigations of the basic treatment variables. Mainly, existing data collection procedures are inefficient at handling and exporting multi-dimensional panel data structures and associated biosignals. Currently these may be analyzed by using pre-calculated parameters like the postictal suppression index or maximum sustained coherence. Methods: To address these issues, we focus on the standardized collection and collaborative analysis of longitudinal ECT-data and present a novel international multicenter research cooperation. Using a digital data collection tool allows for efficient storage and analysis of each patient’s treatment data, including their biosignals. Along with the collection tool’s added benefit of data transfer to clinical computer systems, several collaborative research opportunities arise and are outlined. Results: Data of 191 patients suffering from major depressive disorder served as a longitudinal clinical research-usecase: We analyzed interrelations between trajectories of clinical impression, seizure quality, and stimulation dose across electroconvulsive therapy treatment by modeling linear growth using multilevel models. Furthermore, we introduce EEG analysis and machine learning pipelines allowing for feature extraction from multivariate time series data, for example seizure related biosignals, which may be used to predict seizure activity and possibly guide clinical decision making. Conclusions: We will discuss specific challenges of applying a big-data approach to the highly complex ECT-treatment data and related biosignals, such as nested multidimensional and variable length time series data. Funding Source: University Hospital Bonn - Foerderung Klinische Studien Keywords: Electroconvulsive Therapy - ECT, Digital devices, Depression ER  - 
543 Mucous membrane pemphigoid is associated with multiple somatic and psychiatric comorbidities$$$ Mucous membrane pemphigoid (MMP) is a group of rare autoimmune blistering conditions mostly affecting the mucous membranes of elderly people. National epidemiological data and larger studies on comorbidities of MMP are scarce. We analyzed the incidence comorbidities of MMP in a retrospective, case-control registry study of all MMP patients diagnosed in specialized health care hospitals between 1996 and 2018 in Finland (n=268). Also, the specialties of diagnostic code registrations were determined. The mean incidence of MMP was 0.44 per million per year and it varied during the study period. The female to male ratio was 1,8:1. In 90.4% (n=245) of the patients, MMP diagnosis was registered either in dermatology or dentistry units and the remaining 6.7% (n=18) and 1.9% (n=5) in ophthalmology and other specialties, respectively. In the analysis of comorbidities, several psychiatric and somatic disorders were significantly associated with MMP. For example, depression and anxiety disorders were significantly more common in the MMP group than in the control group, odds ratios (OR) being 1.98 (95% confidence interval [CI]1.12-3.50) and 2.26 (95% CI 1.03-4.96), respectively. Of the multiple associating somatic comorbidities, rheumatoid arthritis was four times, and epilepsy (as the only neurological comorbidity) three times more common in the MMP group. Solid malignancies were not significantly associated with MMP compared to the control population. In conclusion, we found the incidence of MMP to be in line with previous studies and detected a notable burden of psychiatric and somatic comorbidities among MMP patients in a large national registry-based dataset. ER  - 
The effect of responsive neurostimulation (RNS) on neuropsychiatric and psychosocial outcomes in drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Objective: The impact of responsive neurostimulation (RNS) on neuropsychiatric and psychosocial outcomes has not been extensively evaluated outside of the original clinical trials and post-approval studies. The goal of this study was to ascertain the potential real-world effects of RNS on cognitive, psychiatric, and quality of life (QOL) outcomes in relation to seizure outcomes by examining 50 patients undergoing RNS implantation for drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE). Methods: We performed a retrospective review of all patients treated at our institution with RNS for DRE with at least 12 months of follow-up. In addition to baseline demographic and disease-related characteristics, we collected cognitive (Full-Scale Intelligence Quotient, Verbal Comprehension, and Perceptual Reasoning Index), psychiatric (Beck Depression and Anxiety Inventory Scores), and QOL (QOLIE-31) outcomes at 6 and 12 months after RNS implantation and correlated them with seizure outcomes. Results: Fifty patients (median age 39.5 years, 64% female) were treated with RNS for DRE in our institution from 2005 to 2020. Of the 37 of them who had well-documented pre and post-implantation seizure diaries, the 6-month median seizure frequency reduction was 88%, the response rate (50% or greater seizure frequency reduction) was 78%, and 32% of patients were free of disabling seizures in this timeframe. There was no statistically significant difference at a group level in any of the evaluated cognitive, psychiatric, and QOL outcomes at 6 and 12 months post-implantation compared to the pre-implantation baseline, irrespective of seizure outcomes, although a subset of patients experienced a decline in mood or cognitive variables. Significance: Responsive neurostimulation does not appear to have a statistically significant negative or positive impact on neuropsychiatric and psychosocial status at the group level. We observed significant variability in outcome, with a minority of patients experiencing worse behavioral outcomes, which seemed related to RNS implantation. Careful outcome monitoring is required to identify the subset of patients experiencing a poor response and to make appropriate adjustments in care. ER  - 
Predictive Value of Complete Blood Count, Venous Blood Gas Measurements, and Glucose/Potassium Ratio for Delayed Neuropsychiatric Syndrome in Children with Acute Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Due to Coal-Burning Stove$$$ Objective: Delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome may occur after carbon monoxide poisoning has completely healed. The literature on indicators to predict delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome in pediatric patients is limited. The aim of the study is to investigate the effectiveness of complete blood count parameters, neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio, platelet/lymphocyte ratio, systemic immune inflammation index, glucose/potassium ratio, venous blood gas parameters, and carboxyhemoglobin in predicting delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome in children with carbon monoxide poisoning due to coal-burning stove. Materials and Methods: The patients admitted to the pediatric emergency department with acute carbon monoxide poisoning between 2014 and 2019 were analyzed. The patients were divided into 2 groups as delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome (+) and delayed neuro-psychiatric syndrome (−). Neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio, platelet/lymphocyte ratio, systemic immune inflammation index (platelet count×neutrophil count/lymphocyte count), and glucose/ potassium ratio were calculated. Results: Of the 137 patients, 46 were diagnosed with delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome within 1 year of carbon monoxide poisoning. A control group was formed from 137 age-and sex-matched children. Glasgow Coma Scale < 15 was found in 11% of patients with delayed neu-ropsychiatric syndrome (−) and 8.7% of patients with delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome (+) (P =.773). Blood glucose, potassium, glucose/potassium ratio, platelet/lymphocyte ratio, white blood cell, neutrophil count, lymphocyte count, neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio, systemic immune inflammation index, venous partial pressure of carbon dioxide, carboxyhemoglobin, and met-hemoglobinemia levels were significantly different between control, delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome (+), and delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome (−) groups (P <.05). The most effective predictors for delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome were systemic immune inflammation index (area under the curve = 0.852; cut-off value > 1120; sensitivity = 89.1%; specificity = 75.8%), neutrophil (area under the curve = 0.841; cut-off value > 8000/mm3; sensitivity = 78.2%; specificity = 79.1%), and neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio (area under the curve = 0.828; cut-off value > 4; sensitivity = 78.2%; specificity = 75.5%). Conclusion: About one-third of children with carbon monoxide poisoning due to coal-burning stove develop delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome. Systemic immune inflammation index, neutrophil count, and neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio obtained immediately after the poisoning in the pediatric emergency department may be effective predictors for delayed neuropsychiatric syndrome. ER  - 
‘A rollercoaster of emotions’: Reflections on growing up with epilepsy in Ireland$$$ Purpose: Childhood epilepsy can have lasting effects which extend beyond those attributed to seizures. Previous studies have explored the lived experience of childhood epilepsy, but to our knowledge, no study has afforded adults with a diagnosis of childhood epilepsy the opportunity to reflect on their experiences. In comparison with children, adult respondents have the benefit of ample time having lapsed in order to process their experiences and have greater linguistic competencies. The aim of this study was to retrospectively capture, via interview, adults' perceptions of the impact of epilepsy during their childhood. Methods: A semi-structured interview schedule was developed in collaboration with patient experts to investigate participants' experiences of growing up with epilepsy in Ireland. Thirteen Irish adults aged between 18 and 35 years, who had their first seizure before the age of 16, were interviewed. Data was analysed using Big Q reflective thematic analysis. Results: Three main themes and 14 subthemes were generated from the data. The main themes comprised (1) disenfranchised grief, (2) need to belong and (3) walking in my shoes. Conclusion: All three themes demonstrated a common need for patient care that is cognisant of the child's developmental stage and psychosocial health, and the myriad of factors that contribute to both. Information, resources and clinical engagement with children with epilepsy require the input of patients with current or past experience of childhood epilepsy to guide development. A co-production approach is needed to address some of the disenfranchised and isolating experiences recollected by our participants. ER  - 
Prevalence, nature, and severity of the psychiatric comorbidities and their impact on quality of life in adolescents with Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Adults with Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME) are at increased risk for psychiatric comorbidities, personality traits, and abnormality in executive function. But studies on adolescents and their impact on quality of life are scarce in the literature. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study was performed between August 2019 and October 2022 to compare the prevalence of psychiatric comorbidities in adolescents with JME and age and gender-matched healthy controls. After completing DSM-5 Structured Clinical Interview (SCID-5) initially in all patients, we measured the severity of individual psychiatric problems like anxiety, depression, and somatic symptoms by using an appropriate psychometric scale. We also measured both groups' intelligence quotient (IQ), executive function, and quality of life. Results: One hundred patients with JME (14.3 ± 2.5 years, 48 boys) and 100 controls were enrolled. Psychiatric disorders were observed in 46% of JME and 6% of controls (p < 0.01). Psychiatric comorbidities noted in the patients with JME were: somatic symptom and related disorders(n = 14), anxiety (n = 13), adjustment disorders (n = 12), depression (n = 11), oppositional defiant disorder (n = 6), conduct disorder (n = 5), anorexia nervosa (n = 3), narcissistic (n = 3), histrionic (n = 1), substance-related disorder (n = 1), borderline (n = 2) and antisocial personality disorder (n = 2). The prevalence of depressive disorders, anxiety disorders, adjustment disorders, somatic symptoms, related disorders, and any personality disorder was significantly more in the JME group (p < 0.01 for all). Female gender, higher Epilepsy Stigma Scale score, and lower Epilepsy Outcome Expectancy Scale were significantly associated with depressive disorders (p = 0.04, 0.03, 0.03 respectively). Similarly, for anxiety, only female gender and lower Epilepsy Outcome Expectancy Scale were significant associated factors (p = 0.03, 0.02 respectively). Conclusions: Psychiatric disorders like anxiety, depression, and personality disorders are more frequent in adolescents with JME than in controls. ER  - 
Non-epileptic paroxysmal events at pediatric video-electroencephalography monitoring unit over a 15-year period$$$ Objective: Non-epileptic paroxysmal events (NEPEs) are common in pediatric patients and may be misdiagnosed as epileptic seizures. We aimed to study the distribution of NEPEs across age groups and with different comorbidities, and to correlate the patients' presenting symptoms with their final diagnosis after video-EEG. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed video-EEG recordings of children aged one month to 18 years who were admitted between March 2005 and March 2020. Patients who experienced any NEPE while under video-EEG monitorization were evaluated in this study. Subjects with concomitant epilepsy were also included. The patients were first divided into 14 groups according to the basic characteristics of symptoms they reported at admission. The events captured on video-EEG were then classified into six NEPE categories based on the nature of the events. These groups were compared according to video-EEG results. Results: We retrospectively evaluated 1338 records of 1173 patients. The final diagnosis was non-epileptic paroxysmal event in 226 (19.3%) of 1173 patients. The mean age of the patients was 105.4 ± 64.4 months at the time of the monitoring. The presenting symptoms were motor in 149/226 (65.9%) patients, with jerking being the most common (n = 40, 17.7%). Based on video-EEG, the most common NEPE was psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) (n = 66, 29.2%), and the most common PNES subtype was major motor movements (n = 19/66, 28.8%). Movement disorders (n = 46, 20.4%) were the second most common NEPE and the most common NEPE (n = 21/60, 35%) in children with developmental delay (n = 60). Other common NEPEs were physiological motor movements during sleep (n = 33, 14.6%), normal behavioral events (n = 31, 13.7%), and sleep disorders (n = 15, 6.6%). Almost half of the patients had a prior diagnosis of epilepsy (n = 105, 46.5%). Following the diagnosis of NEPE, antiseizure medication (ASM) was discontinued in 56 (24.8%) patients. Conclusion: Non-epileptiform paroxysmal events can be difficult to distinguish from epileptic seizures in children, especially in patients with developmental delay, epilepsy, abnormal interictal EEG, or abnormal MRI findings. Correct diagnosis of NEPEs by video-EEG prevents unnecessary ASM exposure in children and guides appropriate management of NEPEs. ER  - 
Proton therapy and limited surgery for paediatric and adolescent patients with craniopharyngioma (RT2CR): a single-arm, phase 2 study$$$ Background: Compared with photon therapy, proton therapy reduces exposure of normal brain tissue in patients with craniopharyngioma, which might reduce cognitive deficits associated with radiotherapy. Because there are known physical differences between the two methods of radiotherapy, we aimed to estimate progression-free survival and overall survival distributions for paediatric and adolescent patients with craniopharyngioma treated with limited surgery and proton therapy, while monitoring for excessive CNS toxicity. Methods: In this single-arm, phase 2 study, patients with craniopharyngioma at St Jude Children's Research Hospital (Memphis TN, USA) and University of Florida Health Proton Therapy Institute (Jacksonville, FL, USA) were recruited. Patients were eligible if they were aged 0–21 years at the time of enrolment and had not been treated with previous radiotherapeutic or intracystic therapies. Eligible patients were treated using passively scattered proton beams, 54 Gy (relative biological effect), and a 0·5 cm clinical target volume margin. Surgical treatment was individualised before proton therapy and included no surgery, single procedures with catheter and Ommaya reservoir placement through a burr hole or craniotomy, endoscopic resection, trans-sphenoidal resection, craniotomy, or multiple procedure types. After completing treatment, patients were evaluated clinically and by neuroimaging for tumour progression and evidence of necrosis, vasculopathy, permanent neurological deficits, vision loss, and endocrinopathy. Neurocognitive tests were administered at baseline and once a year for 5 years. Outcomes were compared with a historical cohort treated with surgery and photon therapy. The coprimary endpoints were progression-free survival and overall survival. Progression was defined as an increase in tumour dimensions on successive imaging evaluations more than 2 years after treatment. Survival and safety were also assessed in all patients who received photon therapy and limited surgery. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01419067. Findings: Between Aug 22, 2011, and Jan 19, 2016, 94 patients were enrolled and treated with surgery and proton therapy, of whom 49 (52%) were female, 45 (48%) were male, 62 (66%) were White, 16 (17%) were Black, two (2%) were Asian, and 14 (15%) were other races, and median age was 9·39 years (IQR 6·39–13·38) at the time of radiotherapy. As of data cutoff (Feb 2, 2022), median follow-up was 7·52 years (IQR 6·28–8·53) for patients who did not have progression and 7·62 years (IQR 6·48–8·54) for the full cohort of 94 patients. 3-year progression-free survival was 96·8% (95% CI 90·4–99·0; p=0·89), with progression occurring in three of 94 patients. No deaths occurred at 3 years, such that overall survival was 100%. At 5 years, necrosis had occurred in two (2%) of 94 patients, severe vasculopathy in four (4%), and permanent neurological conditions in three (3%); decline in vision from normal to abnormal occurred in four (7%) of 54 patients with normal vision at baseline. The most common grade 3–4 adverse events were headache (six [6%] of 94 patients), seizure (five [5%]), and vascular disorders (six [6%]). No deaths occurred as of data cutoff. Interpretation: Proton therapy did not improve survival outcomes in paediatric and adolescent patients with craniopharyngioma compared with a historical cohort, and severe complication rates were similar. However, cognitive outcomes with proton therapy were improved over photon therapy. Children and adolescents treated for craniopharyngioma using limited surgery and post-operative proton therapy have a high rate of tumour control and low rate of severe complications. The outcomes achieved with this treatment represent a new benchmark to which other regimens can be compared. Funding: American Lebanese Syrian Associated Charities, American Cancer Society, the US National Cancer Institute, and Research to Prevent Blindness. ER  - 
Medical Cannabis in the Treatment of Parkinson's Disease$$$ Objectives Medical cannabis (MC) has recently garnered interest as a potential treatment for neurologic diseases, including Parkinson's disease (PD). A retrospective chart review was conducted to explore the impact of MC on the symptomatic treatment of patients with PD. Methods Patients with PD treated with MC in the normal course of clinical practice were included (n = 69). Data collected from patient charts included MC ratio/formulation changes, PD symptom changes after initiation of MC, and adverse events (AEs) from MC use. Information regarding changes in concomitant medications after MC initiation, including opioids, benzodiazepines, muscle relaxants, and PD medications, was also collected. Results Most patients were initially certified for a 1:1 (Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol:cannabidiol) tincture. Eight-seven percent of patients (n = 60) were noted to exhibit an improvement in any PD symptom after starting MC. Symptoms with the highest incidence of improvement included cramping/dystonia, pain, spasticity, lack of appetite, dyskinesia, and tremor. After starting MC, 56% of opioid users (n = 14) were able to decrease or discontinue opioid use with an average daily morphine milligram equivalent change from 31 at baseline to 22 at the last follow-up visit. The MC was well-tolerated with no severe AEs reported and low rate of MC discontinuation due to AEs (n = 4). Conclusions The MC may improve motor and nonmotor symptoms in patients with PD and may allow for reduction of concomitant opioid medication use. Large, placebo-controlled, randomized studies of MC use in patients with PD are required. ER  - 
Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on incidence of long-Term conditions in Wales: A population data linkage study using primary and secondary care health records$$$ Background The COVID-19 pandemic has directly and indirectly had an impact on health service provision owing to surges and sustained pressures on the system. The effects of these pressures on the management of long-Term or chronic conditions are not fully understood. Aim To explore the effects of COVID-19 on the recorded incidence of 17 long-Term conditions. Design and setting This was an observational retrospective population data linkage study on the population of Wales using primary and secondary care data within the Secure Anonymised Information Linkage (SAIL) Databank. Method Monthly rates of new diagnosis between 2000 and 2021 are presented for each long-Term condition. Incidence rates post-2020 were compared with expected rates predicted using time series modelling of pre-2020 trends. The proportion of annual incidence is presented by sociodemographic factors: Age, sex, social deprivation, ethnicity, frailty, and learning disability. Results A total of 5 476 012 diagnoses from 2 257 992 individuals are included. Incidence rates from 2020 to 2021 were lower than mean expected rates across all conditions. The largest relative deficit in incidence was in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease corresponding to 343 (95% confidence interval = 230 to 456) undiagnosed patients per 100 000 population, followed by depression, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, anxiety disorders, and asthma. A GP practice of 10 000 patients might have over 400 undiagnosed long-Term conditions. No notable differences between sociodemographic profiles of post-and pre-2020 incidences were observed. Conclusion There is a potential backlog of undiagnosed patients with multiple long-Term conditions. Resources are required to tackle anticipated workload as part of COVID-19 recovery, particularly in primary care. ER  - 
Towards implementation of context-specific integrated district mental healthcare plans: A situation analysis of mental health services in five districts in Ghana$$$ Background Access to quality mental health services in Ghana remains poor, yet little is known about the extent of the access gaps and provision of mental health services at the district level in Ghana. We aimed to conduct an analysis of mental health infrastructure and service provision in five districts in Ghana. Methods A cross-sectional situation analysis was conducted using a standardised tool to collect secondary healthcare data, supplemented by interviews with key informants, across five purposively selected districts in Ghana. The Programme for Improving Mental Health Care (PRIME) situation analysis tool was adapted to the Ghanaian context and used for data collection. Results The districts are predominantly rural (>60%). There were severe challenges with the provision of mental healthcare: there were no mental healthcare plans, supervision of the few mental health professionals was weak and unstructured, access to regular supplies of psychotropic medications was a major challenge, and psychological treatments were extremely limited given the lack of trained clinical psychologists. There were no available data on treatment coverage, but we estimate this to be <1% for depression, schizophrenia, and epilepsy across districts. Opportunities for mental health systems strengthening include: the commitment and willingness of leadership, the existence of the District Health Information Management System, a well-established network of community volunteers, and some collaboration with traditional and faith-based mental health service providers. Conclusion There is poor mental health infrastructure across the five selected districts of Ghana. There are opportunities for strengthening mental health systems through interventions at the district healthcare organisation, health facility, and community levels. A standardised situation analysis tool is useful for informing district-level mental healthcare planning in low-resource settings in Ghana and potentially other sub-Saharan African countries. ER  - 
Autoimmune complications and clinical outcomes of herpes simplex encephalitis in children: A case series$$$ Objective: To report the neurologic prognosis and autoimmune complications of 16 cases of childhood herpes simplex virus encephalitis. Methods: The study was conducted at Şanliurfa Training and Research Hospital, Turkey from June 2017 to August 2019. The study included 16 pediatric patients aged between 6 months and 17 years (median age 77.7 months) who were diagnosed with herpes simplex virus type 1 encephalitis by pediatric infectious disease and pediatric neurology clinics. Patients were followed using patient records, and interviews at the pediatric neurology clinic or via the telephone. Clinical and demographic data, received therapies, neurologic prognosis and complications were evaluated. Results: Patients with and without autoimmune encephalitis were compared in terms of age, sex, symptom duration before treatment, initial cerebrospinal fluid protein, glucose, red blood count and white blood count but no significant difference was found. Autoimmune complications were seen in four patients. N-methyl-D-Aspartate encephalitis was observed in three patients and choreoathetosis was seen in one patient. The average follow-up period was 48.3 months. Twenty-five percent of the patients were receiving multiple antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment, 43.8% were receiving single AED treatment and 31.3% were not receiving AED treatment at the end of the follow-up. Motor disability was observed in 12.5% and drug-resistant epilepsy was observed in 6.3% who had autoimmune complications. Conclusions: Seizures and movement disorders were controlled with immunotherapy and autoantibodies should be studied routinely. Treatment should be started early upon recognition of autoimmune complications through follow-up by measuring autoantibody levels and clinical examination results. Effective prevention and curative treatment modalities are needed to avoid herpes simplex virus encephalitis complications. ER  - 
Olanzapine/Samidorphan in Young Adults With Schizophrenia, . Schizophreniform Disorder, or Bipolar I Disorder Who Are Early in Their Illness: Results of the Randomized, Controlled ENLIGHTEN-Early Study$$$ Objective: Patients with early-phase schizophrenia or bipolar I disorder (BD-I) are at greater risk for antipsychotic-associated weight gain. This 12-week, randomized, double-blind study conducted between June 2017 and December 2021 evaluated weight effects of combination olanzapine and samidorphan (OLZ/SAM) versus olanzapine in early-phase illness. Methods: Young adults (16–39 years) with DSM-5 schizophrenia, schizophreniform disorder, or BD-I, < 4 years since symptom onset, body mass index < 30 kg/m2, and < 24 weeks’ cumulative antipsychotic exposure were randomized to OLZ/SAM (5–20/10 mg/d) or olanzapine (5–20 mg/d). Primary endpoint was percent change from baseline body weight at week 12. Secondary endpoints, tested hierarchically, were proportions of patients with ≥ 10% or ≥ 7% weight gain, waist circumference change, and Clinical Global Impressions-Severity (CGI-S) change. Results: Of 428 patients (OLZ/SAM, n = 213; olanzapine, n = 215), 408 had ≥ 1 postbaseline weight assessment and were analyzed. Percent weight change was significantly lower with OLZ/SAM versus olanzapine (4.91% vs 6.77%; least-squares mean [LSM] [SE] difference, −1.87% [0.75]; P= .012). Although fewer patients treated with OLZ/SAM had ≥ 10% weight gain, the difference was not statistically significant versus olanzapine (21.9% vs 30.4%, respectively; OR = 0.64; 95% CI = 0.39 to 1.05); hierarchical testing precluded further statistical evaluation of secondary endpoints. Proportions of patients with ≥ 7% weight gain (33.1% vs 44.8%; OR = 0.61, 95% CI = 0.39 to 0.94) and waist circumference change (2.99 vs 3.90 cm; LSM [SE] difference, −0.92 cm [0.58]; 95% CI = −2.06 to 0.22) favored OLZ/SAM. LSM (SE) CGI-S change with OLZ/SAM was −0.82 (0.06). OLZ/SAM and olanzapine had similar safety profiles, including small, similar metabolic parameter changes. Conclusions: In patients with early-phase schizophrenia, schizophreniform disorder, or BD-I, OLZ/SAM treatment resulted in less weight gain versus olanzapine. ER  - 
Optimally Choosing Medication Type for Patients With Opioid Use Disorder$$$ Patients with opioid use disorder (OUD) tend to get assigned to one of 3 medications based on the treatment program to which the patient presents (e.g., opioid treatment programs tend to treat patients with methadone, while office-based practices tend to prescribe buprenorphine). It is possible that optimally matching patients with treatment type would reduce the risk of return to regular opioid use (RROU). We analyzed data from 3 comparative effectiveness trials from the US National Institute on Drug Abuse Clinical Trials Network (CTN0027, 2006-2010; CTN0030, 2006-2009; and CTN0051 2014-2017), in which patients with OUD (n = 1,459) were assigned to treatment with either injection extended-release naltrexone (XR-NTX), sublingual buprenorphine-naloxone (BUP-NX), or oral methadone. We learned an individualized rule by which to assign medication type such that risk of RROU during 12 weeks of treatment would be minimized, and then estimated the amount by which RROU risk could be reduced if the rule were applied. Applying our estimated treatment rule would reduce risk of RROU compared with treating everyone with methadone (relative risk (RR) = 0.79, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.60, 0.97) or treating everyone with XR-NTX (RR = 0.71, 95% CI: 0.47, 0.96). Applying the estimated treatment rule would have resulted in a similar risk of RROU to that of with treating everyone with BUP-NX (RR = 0.92, 95% CI: 0.73, 1.11). ER  - 
A randomized controlled study: Evaluating the efficacy of a mobile application developed for mothers who have children with epilepsy in Turkiye$$$ PURPOSE: This study was conducted for the purposes of developing the Mobile Epilepsy Education Package (MEEP) for mothers who have children with epilepsy, and evaluating the efficacy of such a package. DESIGN AND METHODS: The research consisted of a randomized, controlled experimental study. DISCERN measuring tool was used to evaluate the content of MEEP. The evaluation of the package was conducted with a total of 60 mothers-30 participants in the intervention group and 30 controls. This study was conducted in the Pediatric Neurology Outpatient Clinic of a hospital with mothers who had children with epilepsy, ages 3-6. A Description Form, the Epilepsy Knowledge Scale for Parents, and Parental Anxiety over Seizures Scale were used in the data collection. RESULTS: The general quality evaluation of MEEP according to the experts was rated 70.35 ± 6.20, with interrater agreement at a good level. Knowledge and anxiety scores were similar in the groups prior to the mobile application. Following the application, a significant increase was seen in the level of knowledge about epilepsy among the intervention group mothers (p < .001), while a significant decrease was observed in anxiety over seizures (p = .009). CONCLUSIONS: MEEP, which was developed to evaluate mothers' levels of knowledge about epilepsy and their state of anxiety over seizures, resulted in an increase in knowledge and reduced anxiety. PRACTICE IMPLICATIONS: A simple-to-use, easy-to-access and low-cost mobile application has been developed that facilitates epilepsy diagnosis, follow-up and treatment, increases mothers' knowledge levels, and reduces anxiety levels. ER  - 
Traumatic isolated skull fractures in infant: a 5 years retrospective study in a level I pediatric trauma center$$$ Introduction: Head trauma is the most frequent pediatric trauma. 95% are minor. Of these, 6% are complicated with a skull fracture. In France, there is no guidelines for the management of isolated skull fracture. Large series of children have shown few complications and suggest that patient can be discharged home after clinical observation at the emergency. At the Hospital Femme Mère Enfant, the current protocol is to hospitalize the child few days and request ophthalmologic (fundus) and electroencephalography (EEG) examinations. The aim of this study was to evaluated the complication rate of infants with isolated skull fracture at our institution. Methods: This was a 5-year retrospective study. Criteria for complication were as follow: death, surgery, modification of the neurological status. For all patient, we included their results of the fundus and EEG. Results: The complication rate was 4.3% during the hospitalization (4 of 93 patients). Three patients underwent surgery for a depressed skull fracture seen on the first computerized tomography (CT). One patient really got complicated within the first 24h after the trauma. He required a transfer to the ICU and underwent emergency surgery for an acute obstructive hydrocephalus due to a posterior fossa hematoma. A diagnosis of severe haemophilia A was made. For all patients, the fundus and EEG were normal. In the subgroup of patients consulting ≥ 24 hours after the head trauma, none had any complications during hospitalization. Conclusions: The rate of life-threatening complication after an isolated skull fracture is very low. Systematic fundus and EEG examination seem not to be indicated in absence of a suspicion of epileptic seizure for the EEG or non-accidental head trauma for the fundus. However, hospitalization surveillance for at least 24h seems to be compulsory for trauma that happened less than 24h before the consultation at the emergency unit. ER  - 
RETROSPECTIVE EVALUATION OF THE ADMINISTRATION OF ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY (ECT) IN A QUEENSLAND SPECIALIST PSYCHOGERIATRIC UNIT$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is commonly used as an acute, continuation and maintenance treatment for geriatric patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), particularly those who present with psychotic symptoms, acute suicidal ideation, and treatment-resistant depression. Objectives: To evaluate the practice of ECT at Ipswich General Hospital (IGH) regarding the compliance of procedure (documentation quality, motor/ electroencephalography (EEG) endpoint, level of energy, time frames, shared decision-making and the role of treating psychiatrist) with current guidelines. Methods: Data were extracted from the Consumer Integrated Mental Health and Addiction (CIMHA) from a sample of 29 patients. Audit standards were set according to the September 2018 Department of Health Queensland's guidelines for ECT, The Administration of Electroconvulsive Therapy. Findings: The majority (83%) of patients had severe depressive disorders treated with bifrontal (82%) followed by right unilateral (13.7%) electrode placement. Documentation was often inadequate and in several cases did not follow the approved guideline regarding (a) EEG descriptions (e.g. morphology, postictal suppression index, PSI); (b) duration of motor and EEG seizure; (c) decisionmaking regarding the next stimulus; (d) seizure end-point detection; (e) inter-stimulus pause timeline; (f) hesitant switching to more effective configurations; (g) use of alternative variables in case of motor/EEG mismatches and (h) involvement of the referring psychiatrist in the process of treatment. Conclusion: The system needs improvement in the quality of documentation, involvement of treating psychiatrist, shared decision-making, detailed EEG monitoring, and timely switch to more effective ECT methods with lower cognitive adverse effects. ER  - 
Assessment of QOL in stroke patients with epilepsy in resource poor settings$$$ Background and aims: Issues: gum hyperplasia, Fatigue, Sleeplessness, depression, anxiety common in stroke -epilepsy-sufferers. Supportivecare facility inaccessible in rural/tribal areas asia. Objective: 174 persons die/year from epilepsy-complications yearly. statistically >90% anxiety, 68% experience unbearable-fatigue; 70% social neglect/humiliation, 54% sleeplessness, 37% complain gum hyperplasia and 64% depression. Importance of spirituality/religion in coping with epilepsy is increasingly recognized Methods: This was a cross sectional study. We surveyed stroke-patientswith- epilepsy through QOL-questionnaires. After 14 weeks with psychosocial support, Counseling & palliative support with anti-depressants/ nutrition, QOL improved to statistically. 5 Traditional faith-healers involved for more psychological impact on patients family. Results: Diazepam as adjuvant-drugs in 63% patients. 200 specialist palliative care beds required for our Rural/tribal population of 6,00,000. significant correlations between higher scores of spirituality with absence of depression, fatigue. Likewise higher scores of QOL (ANOVA p < 0.001) correlated with gum-issues. . Conclusions: Life-span/QOL of stroke-patients-with-epilepsy depends on social acceptance & appropriate-supportive-care. NGO-personals should be trained in Palliative-care-services & rehabilitation. This study data used for patient advocacy. Spiritual well-being increases despair in chronic cases. Field of Spiritual/psycho-social/community support is fertile ground for further investigations for better management of neurology disorders in resource poor countries where specialized care is still inaccessible for majority population. ER  - 
Single Center Analysis of Patients with Nonconvulsive Status Epilepticus caused by Cerebrovascular Diseases treated at Comprehensive Stroke Center Intensive Care Unit$$$ Background and aims: Nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE), early and late onset, is a common complication in patients with cerebrovascular disease but it is difficult to recognize. NCSE is associated with neurological deterioration and increased morbidity and mortality. The aim of the study was to evaluate the clinical characteristics of patients with NCSE regarding to favourable and poor outcome. Methods: Retrospective monocentric analysis of patients with NCSE associated with cerebrovascular diseases requiring continuous VideoEEG monitoring treated at comprehensive stroke centre ICU from January 2013 to December 2022. They were categorized by phenomenology, treatment, EEG patterns, NIHSS, age, medical history, morbidity, trigger, acute, and chronic lesion. All analysed patients met Salzburg consensus criteria for NCSE. Favourable functional outcome at discharge was defined as modified Rankin Scale 0-2. Results: 33 patients, 20(61%) women, mean age 71 years were included. Mean NIHSS on admission was 9,7. Mean time of SE was 9,5 days, mean time of hospitalization days were 23. Good outcome at discharge occurred in 6(18%) patients. Poor outcome was 27(81%) including 6(15%) deaths. All patients with positive symptoms (e.g.rhythmic twitching of one or more muscle groups, tonic eye deviation, hippus or nystagmoid eye jerking) had poor outcome (p=0.026). Predictors for the poor outcome were atrial fibrillation, ischemic heart disease and history of stroke. Conclusions: There were not any statistical differences in outcomes according to the etiology (acute or chronic lesion, ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke). The phenomenology of NCSE was demonstrated as a statistically significant difference between patients with favourable and poor outcome. ER  - 
Ketamine for Postoperative Avoidance of Depressive Symptoms: The K-PASS Feasibility Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Introduction: Postoperative depressive symptoms are associated with pain, readmission, death, and other undesirable outcomes [1-3]. Prior perioperative studies have shown rapid but transient antidepressant effects with ketamine, usually administered as 0.5 mg/kg over 40 minutes during or after surgery [4-7]. Longer infusions have yielded sustained antidepressant responses, lasting several weeks, in outpatients with treatmentresistant depression [8,9], but it is unknown whether a similar strategy can produce lasting antidepressant effects after surgery. The objective of this feasibility study is to determine whether it is possible to conduct a large randomized comparative effectiveness clinical trial to answer this question. Methods: This single-center, double-blind, placebocontrolled feasibility randomized clinical trial includes patients aged 18 or older with a history of depression scheduled for inpatient surgery. Depression was detected using either a previous diagnosis documented in the electronic health record and/or an antidepressant on the home medication list. After surgery, patients were randomized to receive either ketamine (load of 0.5 mg/kg over 10 minutes followed by infusion of 0.3 mg/kg/h) or an equal volume of normal saline. Initially, the infusion was given over 8 hours on postoperative day 1, to patients with planned intensive care unit (ICU) admission in accordance with local hospital policy regarding approved locations for ketamine infusions. In order to increase the number of eligible patients, the protocol was updated to remove the ICU inclusion criterion, to shorten the infusion duration to 3 hours allowing administration to occur in the postanesthesia care unit, and to start the loading dose in the operating room immediately after extubation. Depressive symptoms were measured using the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) preoperatively and on post-infusion days 1, 2, 4, 7, and 14. The primary feasibility endpoints were the fraction of patients approached who enroll and were randomized, the fraction of randomized patients who completed the study infusion, and the fraction of randomized patients with MADRS scores at the scheduled time points. Results: As of 12/07/2022, 19 patients have been randomized out of the target of 32. Characteristics of randomized patients are shown in Table 1. Under the original protocol, 1 patient was randomized out of 26 who were invited to participate (3.8%). Under the updated protocol, 18 patients have been randomized out of 84 who were invited (21% - Figure 1). Since launching the updated protocol, on average 1.5 patients have been randomized per week (Figure 2). The study medication infusion was completed as planned in 18 out of 19 patients (95%). In one patient, the infusion was stopped early because the patient experienced a seizure followed by impaired consciousness (postoperatively from a neurosurgical procedure). Upon review, this adverse event was deemed unlikely to be related to the study medication. Psychotomimetic and organic side effects during the infusion have been minimal (Table 2). MADRS assessments were completed at 98 of the 112 time points at which they were attempted (87.5%). Incomplete assessments were primarily related to patients not answering the telephone. Depressive symptom trajectory after surgery varied across patients, including some with increasing MADRS scores (worsening symptoms) and others with decreasing scores (improving symptoms - Figure 3). Conclusions: Following the protocol changes, patient recruitment and medication administration appear to be highly feasible. Further adjustments to communication and patient engagement procedures are expected to improve the MADRS completion rate. Based on the current rate of progress, we expect to finish randomization in February 2023. Updated results will be provided at the meeting. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Association of Employment Status with Symptom Burden and Health-Related Quality of Life in People Living with Primary CNS Tumors$$$ Background and ObjectivesFinancial toxicity significantly affects many patients, especially cancer survivors. We evaluated the association of unemployment as a major contributor to financial toxicity with patient-reported outcomes (PROs) assessing multiple illness experience domains in a primary CNS tumor (PCNST) cohort.MethodsPatient and disease characteristics and PROs measuring symptom burden, interference, psychologic distress, functional impairment, and health-related quality of life (HRQOL) from participants enrolled in an institutional review board-Approved observational study at the US NIH's Neuro-Oncology Branch were collected between September 2016 and December 2019. Descriptive statistics, tests of association, and comparison of group mean values were used to describe and evaluate PROs.ResultsOf the 277 participants diagnosed with a PCNST, 57% were male and 43% were female. Participants reported their race as White, non-Hispanic (78%); White, Hispanic/Latino (9%); Asian (7%); Black (4%); Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander (1%); and other (2%) with 8% missing. The median age of the overall cohort was 45 years (range 18-74). Hispanic participants in the overall sample were 2.3 times more likely, and in the brain tumor group 3.2 times more likely, to report unemployment (p = 0.043, odds ratio [OR] 2.3, 95% CI 1.0-5.4 and p = 0.008, OR 3.2, 95% CI 1.3-7.9, respectively). 77 (28%) individuals unemployed due to tumor reported more functional impairment with walking, washing, dressing, and performing usual activities and reduced HRQOL (p < 0.001). More unemployed participants in the total sample reported moderate-To-severe depressive symptoms (25%) than those employed (8%) (χ2(1) = 13.9, p < 0.001, OR 3.7, 95% CI 1.8-7.8) and more moderate-To-severe anxiety symptoms (30%) than those employed (15%) (χ2(1) = 7.8, p = 0.005, OR 2.4, 95% CI 1.3-4.5). Unemployed participants with brain tumor reported on average 3 more symptoms as moderate-To-severe compared with those employed (t(83) =-4.0, 95% CI difference-5 to-2, p < 0.001, Hedge g = 0.70).DiscussionBeing unemployed due to a PCNST strongly correlated with high symptom burden, functional impairment, psychological distress, and reduced HRQOL, which may be impediments to returning to work that warrant intervention. Lack of employer-based health insurance and reduced earnings are financial sequelae of unemployment superimposed on the physical, social, and cognitive effects of living with a PCNST. Innovations to screen for and address financial toxicity and its contributing factors are needed. ER  - 
Direct cost analysis of rapid MRI in the emergency department evaluation of patients suspected of having acute ischemic stroke**$$$ Background: Abbreviated “rapid MRI” protocols have become more common for the evaluation of acute ischemic stroke (AIS). Prior research has not evaluated the effect of rapid MRIs on cost or hospital length of stay in AIS patients. Methods: We retrospectively identified AIS patients who presented within 6 h of acute neurologic symptom onset to an emergency department (ED) and activated a “brain attack” code. We included sequential patients from January 2012 to September 2015, before rapid MRI was available, who had CT perfusion (CTP) and compared them to patients from October 2015 to May 2018 who had a rapid MRI. We used inverse-probability-weighting (IPW) to balance the cohorts. The primary outcomes were direct cost to our healthcare system and total hospital length of stay (LOS). Results: We included 408 brain attack activations (mean ± SD age 62.1 ± 17.6 years, 47.8% male): 257 in the CTP cohort and 151 in the MRI cohort. Discharge diagnosis was ischemic stroke in 193/408 (47.3%). After patient matching, we found significant reductions for the MRI cohort in total cost (−18.7%, 95% CI −35.0, −2.4, p = 0.02) and hospital LOS (−17.0%, 95% CI −31.2, −2.8, p = 0.02), with no difference in ED LOS (p = 0.74) as compared to the CTP cohort. Conclusion: Although these results are preliminary and hypothesis-generating, we found that the use of a rapid MRI protocol in emergency department brain attacks was associated with a 18.7% reduction in total direct cost and 17% reduction in hospital length of stay. ER  - 
A proposed new taxonomy of cognitive phenotypes in multiple sclerosis: The International Classification of Cognitive Disorders in MS (IC-CoDiMS)$$$ Background: Characterization of cognitive impairment (CI) in multiple sclerosis into distinct phenotypes holds promise for individualized treatments and biomarker exploration. Objective: Apply a previously validated, neuropsychologically driven diagnostic algorithm to identify a taxonomy of the type of cognitive phenotypes in multiple sclerosis. Methods: An algorithm developed and validated in other neurological diseases was applied to a cohort of 1281 people with multiple sclerosis who underwent clinical neuropsychological evaluation across three multiple sclerosis centers. A domain was marked impaired if scores on two tests within the domain fell below one of the two thresholds of interest (compared to controls; −1.0 SD and −1.5 SD below the mean). Results were then tabulated for each participant to determine the type of impairments across the sample. Results: At −1 SD threshold, 48.7% were intact, 21.6% had single-domain, 14.3% bi-domain, and 15.4% multi-domain impairment. At −1.5 SD threshold, 72.9% were intact, 14.0% had single-domain, 8.2% bi-domain, and 5.0% multi-domain impairment. Processing speed was the most frequent single-domain impairment, followed by executive function and memory. Conclusions: These findings advance the taxonomy of cognitive phenotypes in multiple sclerosis and clarify the type and distribution of possible cognitive diagnoses, pave the way for further investigation of associated biomarkers, and provide clinically meaningful information to guide individualized treatment and rehabilitation. ER  - 
Sleep disturbance in adults with untreated primary brain tumors: prevalence and impact on quality of life$$$ Purpose: To investigate the frequency of sleep disturbance and its effects on quality of life in adults with untreated primary brain tumors. Methods: This cross-sectional study recruited 68 and 35 patients with newly diagnosed benign and malignant brain tumors, respectively. All participants completed the Chinese versions of the Athens Insomnia Scale, Epworth Sleepiness Scale, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, Brief Fatigue Inventory, and EORTC-QLQ-BN20 for quality-of-life assessment. An actigraph was used to measure sleep parameters [e.g., dichotomy index (I < O)], for at least 3 consecutive days in untreated status. Results: The majority of the patients with benign and malignant tumors had meningioma (57.4%) and glioblastoma (40%), respectively. The prevalence of insomnia, poor sleep quality, and excessive daytime sleepiness was 59.2%, 77.7%, and 4.9%, respectively. The prevalence rates of sleep disturbances were not affected by tumor locations (suprasellar vs. non-suprasellar tumors) and tumor types (benign vs. malignant tumors). Only 36 participants completed actigraphy assessments (I < O = 95.4) due to having a tight schedule, actigraph malfunction, or not having the habit of wearing a wristwatch; 61% of them experienced circadian rhythm disruption (I < O ≤ 97.5). Insomnia was the only sleep parameter that significantly affected quality of life after controlling for potential confounders (B = 0.54, p = 0.03, adjusted R2 = 0.60). Conclusion: More than 60% of the patients with primary malignant and benign brain tumors experienced insomnia, poor sleep quality, and circadian rhythm disruption. Insomnia was independently correlated with quality of life in untreated status. Health-care providers can apply these findings to design effective interventions targeting sleep disturbance to improve quality of life in this population. ER  - 
Stroke mimics characteristics in a public hospital in Salta, Argentina$$$ Introduction: Limited time to perform thrombolytic treatment in acute ischemic stroke, associated with initial normality in CT in the first hours, results in many cases in a difficult differentiation with “Stroke Mimic” (SM). The objective of this study was to determine the percentage of patients admitted to the San Bernardo Hospital in Salta Capital with an initial diagnosis of stroke, who were finally diagnosed as SM, as well as to describe their characteristics. Material and methods: An observational, prospective, cross-sectional study was carried out for 16 months, including all hospitalized patients who had an initial diagnosis of acute ischemic stroke. Epidemiological data, history, data of the episode, FABS scale and a depression scale were collected. The final diagnosis was determined by neuroimaging or by ABCD2 score in case of transient ischemic attack. The necessary statistics were calculated to assess significant differences between both groups. Results: 155 cases were analyzed, of which 27 were SM. The SM group showed a higher percentage of women, a higher educational level and a lower percentage of hypertension. Regarding the FABS scale, most of its variables showed an association with the presence of SM (absence of facial paralysis, history of seizures, age under 50 years, systolic blood pressure at admission less than 150 mmHg and isolated sensory symptoms) We also could estimate that the higher the FABS scale score, the greater the possibility of having SM. Conclusion: Knowing the variables that are most frequently associated with SM can facilitate the differential diagnosis and in this regard, we highlight the usefulness of the FABS scale for this purpose. Knowing local data can help improve diagnostic accuracy. ER  - 
Short- and mid-term outcomes in systemic lupus erythematosus patients presenting with disease exacerbation after SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccination: A cohort study from Puerto Rico$$$ Objective: To determine if SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccination has an impact on the clinical course of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods: Puerto Ricans with SLE who received mRNA COVID-19 vaccines were studied. Demographic parameters, clinical manifestations, disease activity (per Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI), disease damage (per Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics/American College of Rheumatology Damage Index), emergency room visits, hospitalizations, and pharmacologic therapy were determined. Baseline variables (prior to vaccination) were compared between patients with and without exacerbation after SARS-CoV-2 vaccination. Among those with exacerbation, clinical outcomes were determined up to 1 year after vaccination. Results: Of the entire cohort (n = 247), 14 (5.7%) had post-vaccination exacerbations. Photosensitivity, oral ulcers, anti-Ro antibodies, higher SLEDAI score, and corticosteroids exposure were associated with post-vaccination flares. Among those with post-vaccination flares, 10 (71.4%) had major organ involvement. No significant differences were observed for mean SLEDAI scores, emergency room visits, hospitalizations, disease damage, and exposure to immunosuppressive drugs before and after SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccination. At 12 months of follow-up, all patients were fully controlled without evidence of active disease. Conclusion: In our group of SLE patients, 5.7% had a disease flare after SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccination. Most had exacerbations involving major organs/systems. Mucocutaneous manifestations, anti-Ro antibodies, disease activity, and corticosteroids were associated with flares. Awareness of these factors and the possibility of a major lupus flare after vaccination with COVD-19 vaccines is critical to provide timely and effective therapy. ER  - 
Transient epileptic amnesia: a retrospective cohort study of 127 cases, including CSF amyloid and tau features$$$ Background: Transient epileptic amnesia (TEA) is a late-onset epilepsy syndrome encompassing transient iterative amnesias and interictal cognitive impairment, two features that overlap with incipient neurodegenerative dementias. We, therefore, examined the yield of CSF amyloid and tau biomarkers in TEA. Methods: In this retrospective study, 127 TEA patients with unremarkable imaging findings were divided into 2 groups, namely, CSF (n = 71) and no-CSF (n = 56). Both were compared for demographics; medical history; baseline neurological, cognitive, and behavioral features; baseline mesial temporal lobe atrophy; and cognitive follow-up at a median of 13 months. CSF samples were examined for amyloid β-42 peptide as well as phospho-tau and total-tau levels. Results: At baseline, the CSF-TEA group had significantly (p < 0.01) more frequent mild parkinsonism (42.9% vs. 20%) and cognitive concerns (31% vs. 10.7%), a more blunted sense of smell (34.3% vs. 9.4%), a lower baseline MMSE score (27 vs. 28.9), a more frequent amnestic mild cognitive impairment profile (69% vs. 42.6%), and more atrophic hippocampal changes. At follow-up, the CSF-TEA group had significantly (p < 0.01) lower MMSE scores (27.8 vs. 28.9). CSF analyses revealed amyloid and/or tau changes in 27 patients (38%), including an Alzheimer’s disease (AD) profile in 17 (24%). Conclusions: This study shows a good diagnostic value of CSF sampling in a specific population of TEA with characteristics suggestive of incipient degenerative diseases (i.e., red flags). It argues for TEA being the inaugurating feature in some cases of AD. More broadly, our results suggest an etiological heterogeneity in TEA. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] ER  - 
Cortical thickness and diffusion tensor imaging in patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus, with normal structure on brain MRI$$$ Objectives: Neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) is associated with adverse outcomes; however, imaging abnormalities are only detectable by conventional brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in up to 50% of patients. This study investigated the variability in cortical thickness and diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) parameters among patients with NPSLE whose brain morphology appeared normal on conventional MRI. Methods: This retrospective study enrolled 27 female patients with NPSLE (median age: 41.0 years, range: 22–63 years) and 34 female healthy controls (median age: 37.0 years, range: 24–55 years). None exhibited evident abnormalities on conventional MRI. Regional volumes, cortical thickness, and DTI parameters, including fractional anisotropy (FA) and mean diffusivity (MD), were compared. Age-adjusted multivariable logistic regression analysis was conducted to detect significant NPSLE-associated differences. Results: No significant differences in grey or white matter volume fractions were observed between the groups. However, the NPSLE group demonstrated significant cortical thinning in the right pars opercularis (2.45 vs 2.52 mm, p = 0.007), reduced FA values in the fornix (0.35 vs 0.40, p = 0.001) and left anterior limb of internal capsule (0.50 vs 0.52, p = 0.012), and increased MD in the fornix (1.71 vs 1.48, p = 0.009) and left posterior corona radiata (0.80 vs 0.76, p = 0.005) compared with those of healthy controls. Conclusions: Cortical thickness measurements and DTI analyses can be used to detect differential variations in patients with NPSLE who exhibit an otherwise normal brain structure on conventional MRI, indicating the existence of subtle changes despite the absence of obvious macrostructural central nervous system involvement of lupus. ER  - 
Influence of comorbidity on mortality in patients with epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: This study aims to determine the contribution of comorbidities to excess psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) mortality. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted of tertiary epilepsy outpatients from St. Vincent's Hospital Melbourne, Australia with an 8:1 comparison cohort, matched by age, sex, and socioeconomic status (SES) to national administrative databases between 2007 and 2017. Privacy-preserving data linkage was undertaken with the national prescription, National Death Index, and National Coronial Information System. Forty-five comorbid disease classes were derived by applying the Australian validated RxRisk-V to all dispensed prescriptions. We fitted Cox proportional hazard models controlling for age, sex, SES, comorbidity, disease duration, and number of concomitant antiseizure medications, as a marker of disease severity. We also performed a parallel forward-selection change in estimate strategy to explore which specific comorbidities contributed to the largest changes in the hazard ratio. Results: A total of 13 488 participants were followed for a median 3.2 years (interquartile range = 2.4–4.0 years), including 1628 tertiary epilepsy outpatients, 1384 patients with epilepsy, 176 with PNES, and 59 with both. Eighty-two percent of epileptic seizures and 92% of typical PNES events were captured in an epilepsy monitoring unit. The age-/sex-/SES-adjusted hazard ratio was elevated for epilepsy (4.74, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 3.36–6.68) and PNES (3.46, 95% CI = 1.38–8.68) and remained elevated for epilepsy (3.21, 95% CI = 2.22–4.63) but not PNES (2.15, 95% CI =.77–6.04) after comorbidity adjustment. PNES had more pre-existing comorbidities (p =.0007), with a three times greater median weighted Rx-RiskV score. Psychotic illness, opioid analgesia, malignancies, and nonopioid analgesia had the greatest influence on PNES comorbid risk. Significance: Higher comorbidity appears to explain the excess PNES mortality and may represent either a wider underrecognized somatoform disorder or a psychological response to physical illness. Better understanding and management of the bidirectional relationship of these wider somatic treatments in PNES could potentially reduce the risk of death. ER  - 
Perampanel as precision therapy in rare genetic epilepsies$$$ Objective: Perampanel, an antiseizure drug with α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptor antagonist properties, may have a targeted effect in genetic epilepsies with overwhelming glutamate receptor activation. Epilepsies with loss of γ-aminobutyric acid inhibition (e.g., SCN1A), overactive excitatory neurons (e.g., SCN2A, SCN8A), and variants in glutamate receptors (e.g., GRIN2A) hold special interest. We aimed to collect data from a large rare genetic epilepsy cohort treated with perampanel, to detect possible subgroups with high efficacy. Methods: This multicenter project was based on the framework of NETRE (Network for Therapy in Rare Epilepsies), a web of pediatric neurologists treating rare epilepsies. Retrospective data from patients with genetic epilepsies treated with perampanel were collected. Outcome measures were responder rate (50% seizure reduction), and percentage of seizure reduction after 3 months of treatment. Subgroups of etiologies with high efficacy were identified. Results: A total of 137 patients with 79 different etiologies, aged 2 months to 61 years (mean = 15.48 ± 9.9 years), were enrolled. The mean dosage was 6.45 ± 2.47 mg, and treatment period was 2.0 ± 1.78 years (1.5 months–8 years). Sixty-two patients (44.9%) were treated for >2 years. Ninety-eight patients (71%) were responders, and 93 (67.4%) chose to continue therapy. The mean reduction in seizure frequency was 56.61% ± 34.36%. Sixty patients (43.5%) sustained >75% reduction in seizure frequency, including 38 (27.5%) with >90% reduction in seizure frequency. The following genes showed high treatment efficacy: SCN1A, GNAO1, PIGA, PCDH19, SYNGAP1, POLG1, POLG2, and NEU1. Eleven of 17 (64.7%) patients with Dravet syndrome due to an SCN1A pathogenic variant were responders to perampanel treatment; 35.3% of them had >90% seizure reduction. Other etiologies remarkable for >90% reduction in seizures were GNAO1 and PIGA. Fourteen patients had a continuous spike and wave during sleep electroencephalographic pattern, and in six subjects perampanel reduced epileptiform activity. Significance: Perampanel demonstrated high safety and efficacy in patients with rare genetic epilepsies, especially in SCN1A, GNAO1, PIGA, PCDH19, SYNGAP1, CDKL5, NEU1, and POLG, suggesting a targeted effect related to glutamate transmission. ER  - 
Adolescents with chronic conditions: Engagement with children's mental health systems during the Covid-19 pandemic$$$ Purpose: The Covid-19 pandemic contributed to adverse adolescent mental health outcomes globally. Adolescents with chronic conditions have four times the odds of self-harm than peers. Little evidence exists to guide pediatric nurses on how to engage this vulnerable population with mental health support as the pandemic continues. In adults with chronic conditions, positive health assets (health access literacy, health self-efficacy, and emotional well-being) are directly related to improved patient engagement. The objective of this study was to gain a deeper understanding of engagement with mental health supports in adolescents with chronic conditions to inform practice. Design and Methods: Using mixed methods, we surveyed and interviewed adolescents with chronic conditions aged 10–20 years. Random sampling was applied to avoid bias. Valid and reliable scales were used to measure health access literacy, health self-efficacy, and emotional well-being. Textual data were collected using a semistructured interview guide. Integrated data analysis was conducted using structural equation models and interpretive phenomenology. Results: One hundred fifty-four participants provided numerical data and 17 participants provided textual data (mean age 15.5 years; 56% female, 5.8% agender; 56% White; 16.9% Black or African American, 4.5% Asian; 51.9% Hispanic or Latinx; 23.4% LGBTQ+). The structural model was an acceptable fit for the data (comparative fit index [CFI] = 0.97, Tucker–Lewis index [TLI] = 0.95). Participants reported higher levels of health access literacy (M = 3.88, SD = 0.848) than health self-efficacy (M = 2.98, SD = 0.646), and engagement (M = 1.78, SD = 1.71). Health access literacy predicted emotional well-being (β =.33, p <.001, 95% confidence interval [CI] [.20,.50]) and health self-efficacy (β =.52, p <.001, 95% CI [0.42,.062]). Emotional well-being positively predicted health self-efficacy (β =.21, p <.003, 90% CI [0.10, 0.033]). Health self-efficacy predicted engagement (β =.20, p <.01, 90% CI [0.07, 0.034]). Participants reported not engaging until “it was really, really bad” citing fear, stigma, and lack of connectedness with providers as barriers. Practice Implications: Regardless of health access literacy and health self-efficacy, adolescents with chronic conditions may not engage until crisis levels. Pediatric nurses can aim to engage with this vulnerable population proactively. ER  - 
Identifying risk factors for opioid-induced neurotoxicity in cancer patients receiving oxycodone$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to determine the frequency of opioid-induced neurotoxicity (OIN) in cancer patients receiving oral controlled-release oxycodone and to define risk factors for OIN. Methods: This was a single-center, retrospective study of hospitalized adult cancer patients receiving oral controlled-release oxycodone between April 1, 2013, and April, 30, 2020. The onset of OIN within 30 days after oxycodone initiation in the study patients was investigated. OIN was defined as any of the following: delirium, hallucinations (visual or auditory), seizure, myoclonus, hyperesthesia, and excessive somnolence. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to identify risk factors for OIN in patients receiving oxycodone. Results: In total, 520 patients were included in this study. The number of patients with OIN was 65 (12.5%). The median time until onset of OIN after oxycodone initiation was 7.5 days. Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that age ≥ 65 years (OR = 2.74, 95% CI [1.30–5.78], p = 0.008), total bilirubin ≥ 1.3 mg/dL (OR = 4.85, 95% CI [2.13–11.0], p < 0.001), and concomitant use of pregabalin or mirogabalin (OR = 3.11, 95% CI [1.47–6.61], p = 0.003) were significant independent risk factors for OIN. Conclusion: Age ≥ 65 years, liver dysfunction, and concomitant use of pregabalin or mirogabalin were independent risk factors for OIN in patients receiving oxycodone. Patients with these risk factors who are receiving oxycodone should be monitored for OIN, especially early in the administration of oxycodone. ER  - 
A concurrent dual analysis of genomic data augments diagnoses: Experiences of 2 clinical sites in the Undiagnosed Diseases Network$$$ Purpose: Next-generation sequencing (NGS) has revolutionized the diagnostic process for rare/ultrarare conditions. However, diagnosis rates differ between analytical pipelines. In the National Institutes of Health-Undiagnosed Diseases Network (UDN) study, each individual's NGS data are concurrently analyzed by the UDN sequencing core laboratory and the clinical sites. We examined the outcomes of this practice. Methods: A retrospective review was performed at 2 UDN clinical sites to compare the variants and diagnoses/candidate genes identified with the dual analyses of the NGS data. Results: In total, 95 individuals had 100 diagnoses/candidate genes. There was 59% concordance between the UDN sequencing core laboratories and the clinical sites in identifying diagnoses/candidate genes. The core laboratory provided more diagnoses, whereas the clinical sites prioritized more research variants/candidate genes (P < .001). The clinical sites solely identified 15% of the diagnoses/candidate genes. The differences between the 2 pipelines were more often because of variant prioritization disparities than variant detection. Conclusion: The unique dual analysis of NGS data in the UDN synergistically enhances outcomes. The core laboratory provided a clinical analysis with more diagnoses and the clinical sites prioritized more research variants/candidate genes. Implementing such concurrent dual analyses in other genomic research studies and clinical settings can improve both variant detection and prioritization. ER  - 
Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation (ta-VNS) for Treatment of Drug-Resistant Epilepsy: A Randomized, Double-Blind Clinical Trial$$$ This study explored the efficacy and safety of transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (ta-VNS) in patients with epilepsy. A total of 150 patients were randomly divided into active stimulation group and control group. At baseline and 4, 12, and 20 weeks of stimulation, demographic information, seizure frequency, and adverse events were recorded; at 20 weeks, the patients underwent assessment of quality of life, Hamilton Anxiety and Depression scale, MINI suicide scale, and MoCA scale. Seizure frequency was determined according to the patient’s seizure diary. Seizure frequency reduction > 50% was considered effective. During our study, the antiepileptic drugs were maintained at a constant level in all subjects. At 20 weeks, the responder rate was significantly higher in active group than in control group. The relative reduction of seizure frequency in the active group was significantly higher than that in the control group at 20 weeks. Additionally, no significant differences were shown in QOL, HAMA, HAMD, MINI, and MoCA score at 20 weeks. The main adverse events were pain, sleep disturbance, flu-like symptoms, and local skin discomfort. No severe adverse events were reported in active and control group. There were no significant differences in adverse events and severe adverse events between the two groups. The present study showed that ta-VNS is an effective and safe therapy for epilepsy. Furthermore, the benefit in QOL, mood, and cognitive state of ta-VNS needs further validation in the future study although no significant improvement was shown in this study. ER  - 
The monthly incidence of abusive head trauma, inflicted skeletal trauma, and unexplained skin lesion in children in six French university hospitals during the COVID-19 pandemic$$$ Introduction: The COVID-19 pandemic was a stressful period. Lockdowns may have added to parental difficulty leading to an increase in violence. This study aimed to compare the monthly incidence of high suspicion of child physical abuse before and during the COVID-19 pandemic. Material: We have retrospectively reviewed imaging examinations of children having a skeletal X-ray examination in six university hospitals with high suspicion of abusive head traumatism (AHT), inflicted skeletal trauma (IST) and unexplained skin lesions (USL) between March 2020 and June 2021 and compared with the similar period from 2018 to 2019. The monthly incidence of the different physical maltreatment was analyzed using a QuasiPoisson regression model. Results: We included 178 children (n = 127 boys, 71.3 %), 110 during the pandemic period, median age 5 months. AHT was diagnosed in 91 children, 55 had inflicted skeletal trauma (IST) and 46 had unexplained skin lesions (USL). Among the 91 patients with AHT, 86 had a subdural hematoma (95.6 %) and 40 had bridging veins thrombosis (44 %). The ophthalmological examination performed on 89 children (97.9 %) revealed retinal hemorrhages in 57 children (89.8 %). The incidence of AHT doubled during the months of COVID-19 lockdowns (rate ratio = 2; 95 % CI [1.1; 3.6], p = 0.03). No difference in monthly incidence was observed for IST and USL groups. Conclusion: A significant increase in AHT was observed during the months with lockdowns and curfews during the COVID-19 pandemic. This highlights the need for developing a national strategy to prevent physical abuse in children in this context. ER  - 
Unintentional Injuries Are Associated with Self-Reported Child Maltreatment among Swedish Adolescents$$$ Injuries constitute a large share of childhood morbidity and mortality. This study examines whether adolescents with self-reported experiences of different types of child maltreatment more frequently reported unintentional injury events requiring health- or dental care during the last year and/or hospitalization at any time during childhood. Cross-sectional data from a Swedish national representative school survey (2016) including 4741 adolescents were used (78.5% response rate). Data were analyzed with univariate tests and multiple logistic regression. Statistically significant associations between reported experiences of physical, psychological and sexual abuse, neglect, and witnessing partner violence during childhood and reported unintentional injuries requiring health- or dental care during the last year were found (aOR:s between 1.39–1.77). The corresponding association for poly-victimization was aOR 1.91 (95% CI 1.39–2.62). Furthermore, a linear-by-linear association was seen for degree of victimization and number of episodes of unintentional injuries that required care in the last year (p = 0.000), as well as lifetime hospitalizations (p = 0.000). This study shows significant associations between child maltreatment and unintentional injuries requiring health- and/or dental care and hospitalization. To improve both injury and child maltreatment prevention, healthcare professionals need to pay particular attention to children and adolescents who repeatedly seek healthcare services due to injurious events. ER  - 
Seizure duration predicts postictal electroencephalographic recovery after electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures$$$ Objective: We aim to provide a quantitative description of the relation between seizure duration and the postictal state using features extracted from the postictal electroencephalogram (EEG). Methods: Thirty patients with major depressive disorder treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were studied with continuous EEG before, during, and after ECT-induced seizures. EEG recovery was quantified as the spectral difference between postictal and baseline EEG using the temporal brain symmetry index (BSI). The postictal temporal EEG evolution was modeled with a single exponential. The parameters of the model, including the time constant τ, describe the change and speed of postictal EEG recovery. The change from baseline EEG at t = 60 minutes post-seizure (ΔBSI) was calculated from the exponential fit. Postictal clinical reorientation time (ROT) was clinically established. A multivariate generalized multi-level Bayesian model was estimated with seizure duration and ROT as predictors of τ and ΔBSI. Results: EEG features of 290 seizures and postictal states were used for analyses. The model faithfully described the dynamics of the postictal EEG in nearly all patients. Seizure duration was associated with the recovery time constant, τ, and ΔBSI. ROT was associated with τ, but not with ΔBSI. Conclusions: Longer seizures are associated with slower postictal EEG recovery and more enduring EEG changes compared to baseline. Significance: Quantitative EEG allows objective assessment of the postictal state. ER  - 
Primary and Secondary Risk Factors Associated With Concussion Symptom Clusters in Collegiate Athletes: Results From the NCAA-DoD Grand Alliance CARE Consortium$$$ Background: There is a broad and diverse range of symptoms after a concussion, from irritability to nausea. This heterogeneity of symptoms is a challenge for clinicians managing the different presentations among injuries. Prior research has investigated the structure of postconcussive symptoms to determine if they can be grouped into clusters of related symptoms. Purpose/Hypothesis: The purpose of this study was to identify symptom clusters during the acute phase after a sports-related concussion using exploratory factor analysis and to understand the relationship between risk factors for postconcussion symptoms (ie, demographics, injury characteristics, mental health, and sleep qualities) and different symptom clusters. We hypothesized that certain factors would be predictive of specific symptom clusters. Study Design: Cross-sectional study; Level of evidence, 3. Methods: Collegiate athletes (N = 1104) from the Concussion, Assessment, Research, and Education (CARE) Consortium completed the Sport Concussion Assessment Tool–Third Edition symptom assessment tool 24 to 48 hours after concussion. Exploratory factor analysis was conducted on the symptom evaluation to determine symptom clusters 24 to 48 hours after concussion. Regression analysis was used to examine the effects of pre- and postinjury characteristics. Results: Exploratory factor analysis revealed a 4-cluster structure for acute postconcussive symptoms that explained 62% of the variance in symptom reporting: vestibular-cognitive, migrainous, cognitive fatigue, and affective. Delayed reporting, less sleep before assessment, female sex, and being hurt outside of competition (during practice/training) was correlated with increased symptoms for 4 symptom clusters. Depression predicted higher vestibular-cognitive and affective symptoms. Amnesia was correlated with higher vestibular-cognitive and migrainous symptoms, whereas migraine history was associated with more migrainous and affective symptoms. Conclusion: Symptoms can be grouped into 1 of 4 distinct clusters. Certain variables were associated with increased symptoms across multiple clusters and may be indicative of greater injury severity. Other factors (ie, migraine history, depression, amnesia) were associated with a more specific symptom presentation and may be mechanistically related to concussion outcomes and biological markers. ER  - 
Phenobarbital in Status epilepticus – Rediscovery of an effective drug$$$ Phenobarbital (PB) is one of the oldest Antiseizure Medicines (ASMs), which is in clinical use since 1912. Its value in the treatment of Status epilepticus is currently discussed controversially. Phenobarbital has fallen out of favor in many countries across Europe because of reports of hypotension, arrhythmias, and hypopnea. Phenobarbital has a strong antiseizure effect with remarkably little sedation. It exerts its clinical effects, through the increase of GABE-ergic inhibition and decrease of glutamatergic excitation by inhibition of AMPA receptors. Despite good preclinical evidence, there are remarkably few randomized controlled studies on humans in SE, which suggest, that it is at least as good as lorazepam in first-line treatment in early SE, and significantly better than valproic acid in benzodiazepine-resistant SE. Data from randomized trials and large non-randomized prospective and retrospective studies suggest, that Phenobarbital is well tolerated even if used in very high dose protocols. Thus, despite its decline in its popularity at least in Europe and North America, it should be considered a highly cost-effective treatment for early and established SE, not only in resource-limited settings. This paper was presented at the 8th London-Innsbruck Colloquium on Status Epilepticus and Acute Seizures held in September 2022. ER  - 
Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and suspected epilepsy: An antiseizure medication reduction study$$$ Objective: To examine predictors of ASM reduction/discontinuation and PNES reduction/resolution in patients with PNES with a confirmed or strong suspicion of comorbid ES. Methods: A retrospective analysis of 271 newly diagnosed Patients with PNESs admitted to the EMU between May 2000 and April 2008, with follow-up clinical data collected until September 2015. Forty-seven patients met our criteria of PNES with either confirmed or probable ES. Results: Patients with PNES reduction were significantly more likely to have come off all ASMs by the time of final follow-up (21.7 vs. 0.0%, p = 0.018), while documented generalized (i.e. epileptic) seizures were much more common in patients with no reduction in PNES frequency (47.8 vs 8.7%, p = 0.003). When comparing patients that reduced their ASMs (n = 18) with those that did not (n = 27), the former were more likely to have neurological comorbid disorders (p = 0.004). When comparing patients with PNES resolution (n = 12) vs not (n = 34), those with PNES resolution were more likely to have a neurological comorbid disorder (p = 0.027), had a younger age at EMU admission (29.8 vs 37.4, p = 0.05) and a greater proportion of patients with ASMs reduced in EMU (66.7% vs 30.3%, p = 0.028). Similarly, those with ASM reduction had more unknown (non-generalized, non-focal) seizures (33.3 vs 3.7%, p = 0.029). On hierarchical regression analysis, a higher level of education and absence of generalized epilepsy remain as positive predictors of PNES reduction (p = 0.042, 0.015), while the presence of some other neurological disorder besides epilepsy (p = 0.04) and being on more ASMs at EMU admission (p = 0.03) were positive predictors of ASM reduction by final follow-up. Significance: Patients with PNES and epilepsy have distinct demographic predictors of PNES frequency and ASM reduction by final follow-up. Patients with PNES reduction and resolution had higher level education, less generalized epileptic seizures, younger age at EMU admission, more likely to have presence of a neurological disorder besides epilepsy, and a greater proportion of patients had a reduction in the number of ASMs in the EMU. Similarly, patients with ASM reduction and discontinuation were on more ASMs at initial EMU admission and also were more likely to have a neurological disorder besides epilepsy. The positive relationship between reduction in psychogenic nonepileptic seizure frequency and discontinuation of ASMs at final follow-up elucidates that tapering medication in a safe environment may reinforce psychogenic nonepileptic seizure diagnosis. This can be reassuring to both patients and clinicians, resulting in the observed improvements at the final follow-up. ER  - 
Clinical Correlates of Osmophobia in Primary Headaches: An Observational Study in Child Cohorts$$$ Primary headaches, especially migraines, have a significant impact on physical and mental health, as well as on the scholarly performance and quality of life of children and adolescents. Osmophobia could be a potential diagnostic marker of migraine diagnosis and disability. This multicenter observational cross-sectional study included 645 children, aged 8–15, with a diagnosis of primary headaches. We took into consideration the duration, intensity and frequency of headaches, pericranial tenderness, allodynia and osmophobia. In a subgroup of migraine children, we evaluated the migraine-related disability, Psychiatric Self-Administration Scales for Youths and Adolescents, and the Child Version of the Pain Catastrophizing Scale. Osmophobia was found to be present in 28.8% of individuals with primary headaches, with children suffering from migraines having the highest prevalence (35%). Migraine patients with osmophobia also showed a more severe clinical picture, with enhanced disability, anxiety, depression, pain catastrophizing, and allodynia symptoms (F Roy square 10.47 p < 0.001). The presence of osmophobia could help in identifying a clinical migraine phenotype coherent with an abnormal bio-behavioral allostatic model that is worthy of prospective observations and careful therapeutic management. ER  - 
A case series evaluation of comprehensive drug testing in the pediatric acute care setting$$$ Introduction: Drug testing typically follows a one-size-fits-all approach that is inadequate in some clinical scenarios, such as child maltreatment, neglect, and unintentional drug exposure. Results from immunoassay-based testing, which are non-specific, insensitive, and far from comprehensive, can lead to unintended consequences for children and their families. Objectives: The objective of this retrospective case series study is to evaluate the utility of real-time (0–1 day) comprehensive drug testing as an alternative to immunoassay-based testing in the pediatric acute care setting. Methods: Comprehensive drug testing results obtained by mass spectrometry testing and associated medical data for all pediatric cases (0–12 years) at one institution from 2019 to 2022 were included in the analysis. The final case series (n = 7) included all cases from patients <3 years with comprehensive drug testing results that were inconsistent with medication history and/or toxicology results by immunoassay. Results: Comprehensive drug testing by mass spectrometry was ordered for 174 urine and blood samples representing 97 patients (0–12 years) from 2019 to 2022. Of these, 76 cases were from patients <3 years old; results were consistent with medication history and confirmatory for immunoassay results (n = 34), consistent with medication history (n = 14), confirmatory for immunoassay results (n = 10), negative (n = 9), or medical history was incomplete (n = 2). The remaining 7 cases were included in the final case series. Conclusions: The cases highlight the value of real-time comprehensive drug testing in acute pediatric cases. Testing results can rule out toxic exposure from the diagnostic differential when negative, and lead to appropriate medical and social interventions when positive. ER  - 
Characteristics and multidisciplinary team management of FND$$$ Care of patients with functional neurological disorders (FND) is complex, often with poor outcomes. There is currently only low quality evidence of interventions needed for recovery in the acute phase. In this paper the characteristics of a cohort of acute FND patients managed within a large tertiary neurosciences centre are described and health service provision explored to identify fidelity with best practice. ER  - 
Patient-level and system-level determinants of stroke fatality across 16 large hospitals in Ghana and Nigeria: a prospective cohort study$$$ Background: Every minute, six indigenous Africans develop new strokes. Patient-level and system-level contributors to early stroke fatality in this region are yet to be delineated. We aimed to identify and quantify the contributions of patient-level and system-level determinants of inpatient stroke fatality across 16 hospitals in Ghana and Nigeria. Methods: The Stroke Investigative Research and Educational Network (SIREN) is a multicentre study involving 16 sites in Ghana and Nigeria. Cases include adults (aged ≥18 years) with clinical and radiological evidence of an acute stroke. Data on stroke services and resources available at each study site were collected and analysed as system-level factors. A host of demographic and clinical variables of cases were analysed as patient-level factors. A mixed effect log-binomial model including both patient-level and system-level covariates was fitted. Results are presented as adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) with respective 95% CIs. Findings: Overall, 814 (21·8%) of the 3739 patients admitted with stroke died as inpatients: 476 (18·1%) of 2635 with ischaemic stroke and 338 (30·6%) of 1104 with intracerebral haemorrhage. The variability in the odds of stroke fatality that could be attributed to the system-level factors across study sites assessed using model intracluster correlation coefficient was substantial at 7·3% (above a 5% threshold). Stroke units were available at only five of 16 centres. The aRRs of six patient-level factors associated with stroke fatality were: low vegetable consumption, 1·19 (95% CI 1·07–1·33); systolic blood pressure, 1·02 (1·01–1·04) for each 10 mm Hg rise; stroke lesion volume more than 30 cm3, 1·48 (1·22–1·79); National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score, 1·20 (1·13–1·26) for each 5-unit rise; elevated intracranial pressure, 1·75 (1·31–2·33); and aspiration pneumonia, 1·79 (1·16–2·77). Interpretation: Studies are needed to assess the efficacy of interventions targeting patient-level factors such as aspiration pneumonia in reducing acute stroke fatality in this region. Policy directives to improve stroke unit access are warranted. Funding: US National Institutes of Health. Translations: For the Twi, Yoruba and Hausa translations of the abstract see Supplementary Materials section. ER  - 
Paroxysmal Nonepileptic Events in Children With Epilepsy and Cerebral Palsy$$$ Objective: To determine the frequency of paroxysmal nonepileptic events in children with cerebral palsy due to brain injury who have epilepsy and to describe the factors associated with paroxysmal nonepileptic events. Methods: Retrospective, population-based study of children from the Victorian CP Register born 1999–2006. Neuroimaging, medical records, electroencephalograms (EEG), and EEG requests were analyzed. Results: Of the included 256 children, 87 had epilepsy. EEGs (with video correlation) were available for 82 of 87. Eighteen (18/82, 22%) had epileptic events captured on EEG. Twenty-one (21/82, 26%) had paroxysmal nonepileptic events captured on EEG. The majority (13/18, 77%) of children with epileptic events also had paroxysmal nonepileptic events captured. Ten parents and carers continued to report events as epileptic despite there being no ictal EEG correlate for specific events on multiple EEGs. There were no clear associations to identify which children would have ongoing paroxysmal nonepileptic events reported. Conclusions: Paroxysmal nonepileptic events were captured on EEG in one-fourth of children from this cerebral palsy cohort with epilepsy and available EEG. Half the parents and carers reported previously identified paroxysmal nonepileptic events as epileptic on subsequent EEGs, highlighting the need for clearer counseling so that parents better understand seizure semiology in children with EEG-proven paroxysmal nonepileptic events. ER  - 
Clinician-rated outcomes of patients with functional neurological disorders treated in an outpatient clinic$$$ Background: Patients with functional neurological (conversion) disorder (FND) have historically been difficult to treat. Outcomes have been studied in research trials, documenting improvements; however, limited information is available from a community-treated FND cohort. Objectives: We aimed to examine clinical outcomes in outpatients with FND treated with the Neuro-Behavioral Therapy (NBT) approach. These uncontrolled setting treatment data could complement more structured clinical studies results. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review of consecutive patients diagnosed with FND, ages 17 to 75, who were treated with the NBT workbook at the Rhode Island Hospital Behavioral Health clinic between 2014 and 2022. NBT consisted of 45-minute, individual, outpatient sessions, in clinic or via telehealth with one clinician. Global Assessment of Functioning (GAF), and Clinical Global Impression (CGI) –Severity, and –Improvement were scored for every appointment. Results: Baseline characteristics are available for 107 patients. Mean age at FND symptom onset was 37 years. Patients had a mix of FND semiologies, which included Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures (71%), Functional Movement Disorder (24.3%), Functional Sensory Disorder (14%), Functional Weakness (6.5%), and Functional Speech Disorder (5.6%). Clinical evaluation scores revealed improvements over time. Conclusions: We describe a well-characterized sample of patients with various and mixed FND semiologies, who received manualized therapy, NBT, in an outpatient clinic. Patients had similar psychosocial profiles to those in clinical studies and displayed improvement in clinical measures. These results demonstrate the practicability of NBT for motor FND semiologies and for PNES, in a “real-world” outpatient practice, extending care beyond structured clinical trials. ER  - 
Long-Term Pharmacological and Psychosocial Outcomes of Adolescent-Onset Epilepsy: A Single-Center Experience$$$ Purpose: Despite the high incidence of epilepsy during adolescence, little attention has been paid to the outcomes and prognosis of adolescent-onset epilepsy. The aim of this study was to inves-tigate the long-term pharmacological and psychosocial outcomes of adolescent-onset epilepsy. Methods: From 1993 to 2019, the electronic medical records of adolescent-onset epilepsy patients were retrieved from Asan Medical Center Children’s Hospital. Seizure outcomes were eval-uated based on the seizure-free period at last contact. Possible predictors of remission, relapse, and intractability were investigated. Neuropsychiatric comorbidities, socioeconomic status, and transition outcomes were also assessed. Results: In total, 137 patients were enrolled in this study. The median age at diagnosis of epilepsy was 14 years and the mean duration of therapy was 13.0 years. During follow-up, 93 patients (67.9%) achieved terminal remission, of which 27 cases (19.7%) resolved. Relapse after withdrawal of medication occurred in 74 patients (54.0%), and the presence of electroencephalo-graphic abnormalities (odds ratio [OR], 8.23; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.39 to 48.87; P=0.020), poor adherence (OR, 4.84; 95% CI, 2.13 to 11.02; P=0.000), and history of febrile seizures (OR, 4.10; 95% CI, 1.21 to 13.93; P=0.024) were risk factors for relapse. Neurodevelopmen-tal and psychological comorbidities were documented in 17 (12.4%) and 12 (8.8%) patients, re-spectively. Thirty-six (26.3%) patients transferred to adult clinics, at a mean age of 21.9 years. Conclusion: This study showed overall favorable seizure outcomes with a high rate of remission, but with frequent relapse after withdrawal. ER  - 
Investigating changes in mental health services utilisation in England and their impact on health outcomes and wellbeing during the COVID-19 pandemic: Protocol for a health data-linkage study$$$ Introduction Linking routinely collected health care system data records for the same individual across different services and over time has enormous potential for the NHS and its patients. The aims of this data linkage study are to quantify the changes to mental health services utilisation in responses to the COVID-19 pandemic and determine whether these changes were associated with health-related outcomes and wellbeing among people living in the most deprived communities in North East and North Cumbria, England. Methods and analysis We will assemble a retrospective cohort of people having referred or self-referred to NHS-funded mental health services or Improving Access to Psychological Therapies (IAPT) services between 23rd March 2019 and 22nd March 2020 in the most deprived areas in England. We will link together data from retrospective routinely collected healthcare data including local general practitioner (GP) practice data, Hospital Episode Statistics admitted patient care outpatients, and A&E, Community Services Data Set, Mental Health Services Data Set, and Improving Access to Psychological Therapies Data Set. We will use these linked patient-level data to 1) describe the characteristics of the cohort prior to the lockdown; 2) investigate changes to mental health services utilised between multiple time periods of the COVID-19 lockdown including out of lockdown; 3) explore the relationship between these changes and health outcomes/wellbeing and factors that confound and mediate this relationship among this cohort. Strengths and limitations of this study • This study comprises a deprived population-based cohort of people having referred or self-referred to NHS-funded secondary mental health services or Improving Access to Psychological Therapies (IAPT) services over an extended period of the lockdown in England (2019–2022). • This study will utilise a new longitudinal data resource that will link together detailed data from a cohort of individual participants and retrospective administrative data relating to the use of primary, secondary, and community care services. • The study period covers pre-lockdown, different lockdown and post-lockdown, and out of lockdown periods up to March 2022. • Routinely collected administrative data contain limited contextual information and represent an underestimate of total health outcomes for these individuals. • Routinely collected datasets can often been incomplete or contain missing data, which can make it difficult to accurately analyse the data and draw meaningful conclusions. • Intervention and treatment for mental health conditions are not wholly captured across these data sources and may impact health outcomes. ER  - 
Long-Term Opioid Therapy Among Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus in the Community: A Lupus Midwest Network (LUMEN) Study$$$ Objective. There is little information about the epidemiology and factors associated with opioid therapy in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). We aimed to assess the prevalence of opioid therapy and explore factors associated with long-term opioid therapy (LTOT) in patients with SLE. Methods. Patients with SLE were matched with controls without SLE in a population-based cohort on January 1, 2015. We captured demographics, manifestations of SLE, comorbidities (ie, fibromyalgia, mood disorders, osteoarthritis, chronic low back pain [CLBP], chronic kidney disease (CKD), avascular necrosis, osteoporosis, fragility fractures, and cancer), and the Area Deprivation Index (ADI). Opioid prescription data were used to assess the prevalence of LTOT, defined as contiguous prescriptions (gaps of < 30 days between prescriptions) and receiving opioid therapy for ≥ 90 days or ≥ 10 prescriptions before the index date. Results. A total of 465 patients with SLE and 465 controls without SLE were included. In total, 13% of patients with SLE and 3% of controls without SLE were receiving opioid therapy (P < 0.001), and 11% of patients with SLE were on LTOT vs 1% of controls without SLE. Among patients with SLE, acute pericarditis (odds ratio [OR] 3.92, 95% CI 1.78-8.66), fibromyalgia (OR 7.78, 95% CI 3.89-15.55), fragility fractures (OR 3.72, 95% CI 1.25-11.07), CLBP (OR 4.00, 95% CI 2.13-7.51), and mood disorders (OR 2.76, 95% CI 1.47-5.16) were associated with LTOT. We did not find an association between opioid therapy and ADI. Conclusion. Patients with SLE are more likely to receive LTOT than controls. Among patients with SLE, LTOT was associated with pericarditis and several comorbidities. However, LTOT was not associated with CKD despite the limited pain control options among these patients. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of colistin sulfate in the treatment of infections caused by carbapenem-resistant organisms: a multicenter retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Polymyxins have become an important treatment option for carbapenem-resistant organisms (CRO) infections. However, there is a rare of clinical studies on colistin sulfate. This study sought to investigate the rate of clinical improvement and adverse reactions of colistin sulfate in the treatment of severe infections caused by CRO in critically ill patients and assess the factors associated with 28-day all-cause mortality. Methods: This multicenter retrospective cohort study included intensive care unit (ICU) patients who received colistin sulfate due to CRO infections during July 2021 and May 2022. The primary endpoint was clinical improvement at end of therapy. Secondary endpoints included adverse reactions bacterial clearance rate and 28-day all-cause mortality. Results: A total of 122 patients, who were included between July 2021 and May 2022, were included in this study, of whom 86 (70.5%) showed clinical improvement and 36 (29.5%) showed clinical failure. The comparison of the clinical data of the patients showed that the median sequential organ failure assessment (SOFA) score was higher in the failure group than the improvement group {9.5 [7, 11] vs. 7 [4, 9], P=0.002}, the proportion of patients receiving extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) was higher in the failure group than the improvement group (27.8% vs. 12.8%, P=0.046), and the median duration of treatment was longer in the improvement group than the failure group {12 [8, 15] vs. 5.5 [4, 9.75], P<0.001}. A total of 5 (4.1%) patients suffered from acute kidney injury due to increases in creatinine during colistin sulfate treatment. The Cox regression survival analysis showed that the SOFA score [hazards ratio (HR) =1.198, P=0.001], ECMO treatment (HR =2.373, P=0.029), and duration of treatment (HR =0.736, P<0.001) were independently associated with 28-day all-cause mortality. Conclusions: Colistin sulfate is a reasonable choice for the treatment of CRO infections in the current treatment options are limited. The possible kidney injury caused by the colistin sulfate requires intensive monitoring. ER  - 
Utility and Validity of Incidental Video Recordings in the Differential Diagnosis of Consciousness Loss$$$ Background: Loss of consciousness (LOC) is one of the most common reasons for seeking neurological advice in clinics and emergency departments. There is considerable difficulty in determining the nature of the events according to patient reports, and collateral history is often difficult to interpret due to multiple versions and observer interpretations. Objectives: To examine the utility and validity of incidental video recordings (IVR) in the differential diagnosis of LOC. Methods: In this retrospective study, I included patients with a documented IVR description. Results were divided into three categories: definite approval (IVR conclusion was decisive and congruent with the gold standard test), partial approval (IVR conclusion was decisive and diagnosis was confirmed by treatment response or clinical course), and Inconclusive (IVR conclusion was not decisive, no gold standard test was performed, or the gold standard test was either not decisive or incongruent with the IVR). Results: I evaluated the results of 31 patients with IVR documentation. Overall, in 18 patients (58%), the IVR conclusion was decisive and congruent with the gold standard test. In 8 patients (25.8%), the IVR conclusion was decisive and congruent with the clinical course or treatment response. In 5 patients (16.1%) the IVR was regarded as inconclusive. Conclusions: IVR have a substantial yield and are highly accurate in the differential diagnosis of LOC, mainly differentiating between epileptic seizures and psychogenic nonepileptlc seizures, yet it Is utilized In a minority of the patients In real life. ER  - 
Gender-specific differences in comorbidities, in-hospital complications and outcomes in emergency patients with ethanol intoxication with and without multisubstance use$$$ AIMS OF THE STUDY: To analyse gender-specific differences in comorbidities, multisubstance abuse, in-hospital complications, intensive care unit transfers and referrals to psychiatric wards of emergency department patients with ethanol intoxication. Several lines of evidence suggest an influence of gender differences on diagnostic and therapeutic approaches to various diseases. METHODS: Over a period of 7 years, all patients with signs or symptoms of ethanol intoxication and a positive blood ethanol test admitted for the first time to the emergency department of a Swiss regional tertiary referral hospital were prospectively enrolled. Patients were categorised into two subgroups: patients without additional drug use were considered ethanol-only cases, whereas patients who had also ingested other substances (as determined from bystanders, physicians and urine drug screening) were considered multisubstance cases. A retrospective analysis of this ungrouped database evaluated gender-specific differences in comorbidities, multisubstance abuse, in-hospital complications, intensive care unit transfers and referrals to psychiatric wards within these two subgroups. Statistical analysis included Fisher’s exact test for categorical data and Wilcoxon rank sum test for continuous data. RESULTS: Of 409 enrolled patients, 236 cases were ethanol-only and 173 were multisubstance cases. The three most common comorbidities in multisubstance patients showed significant gender differences: psychiatric disorders (43% males vs 61% females; p = 0.022), chronic ethanol abuse (55% males vs 32% females; p = 0.002) and drug addiction (44% males vs 17% females; p = 0.001). Gender differences were also found for the most frequently co-ingested substances: benzodiazepines (35% males vs 43% females; p = 0.014), cannabis (45% males vs 24% females; p = 0.006) and cocaine (24% males vs 6% females; p = 0.001). Male and female ethanol-only patients were transferred to the intensive care unit in 8% of cases. In multisubstance cases, 32% of male and 43% of female patients were transferred to the intensive care unit (no significant gender difference). The psychiatric ward referral rate in male (30%) and female (48%) patients with multisubstance abuse was significantly different (p = 0.028). No significant gender difference in psychiatric ward referral rates was observed for ethanol-only patients (12% males, 17% females). CONCLUSION: Among emergency department patients admitted with ethanol intoxication, gender differences in comorbidities, substance use and psychiatric ward referrals were highly significant among patients who presented with multisubstance abuse. Rates of intensive care unit transfer for patients with ethanol intoxication are substantial for both genders, reflecting relevant disease burden and resource demand, as well as the need for further preventive efforts. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerance profile of risperidone use in people with autism spectrum disorder in a clinic in Santarém, Pará, Brazil. A retrospective study$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to obtain the profile of efficacy and tolerance of risperidone in the treatment of people with autism spectrum disorder. Materials and Methods: This research was a cross-sectional and retrospective study. The medical records of 100 patients diagnosed with ASD according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5) were analyzed and measures of central tendency and correlation between variables such as gender, age at diagnosis, symptoms, daily dose, comorbidities, polytherapy, adverse drug effects, and outcome (improvement, worsening, and drug discontinuation) were calculated using Pearson’s R test with a level of statistical significance p < 0.05. Results: The male gender was the most affected, corresponding to 80% of the participants. The mean age at diagnosis was 6.88 ± 6.24 and the mean dose was 1.89 ± 1.68 mg/day. The use of risperidone for patients with aggressiveness, hyperactivity, insomnia, or self-harm improved in 76% of patients and adverse effects were reported in 27% of cases. The presence of self-harm implied lower chances of improvement (P = 0.05/r = −0.20). Adverse effects were strong predictors of discontinuation (P = 0.01/r = 0.39), and epileptic patients were more likely to have them (P = 0.02/r = 0.20). Male gender was associated with dosages lower than 2 mg/day (P = 0.05/r = 0.23). Conclusion: Risperidone is a good option in the management of secondary symptoms of ASD, generally requiring low doses and presenting an acceptable profile of adverse effects. The age of diagnosis does not affect the drug’s efficiency, but it can make the management of ASD difficult. ER  - 
Levetiracetam Dosing for Seizure Prophylaxis in Neurocritical Care Patients$$$ INTRODUCTION: Levetiracetam has emerged as a safer alternative to phenytoin for seizure prophylaxis in patients presenting with subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) or traumatic brain injury (TBI). However, it remains unclear which Levetiracetam dosing regimen is most effective at preventing seizures. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study captured adult patients at a quaternary care center presenting with SAH or TBI who received levetiracetam as a total daily dose (TDD) equivalent to or greater than 1000 mg. The primary outcome was the combined seizure incidence, including clinical and subclinical seizures. RESULTS: Among the 139 patients identified, 49.6% were male, and the mean age was 53 years. For patients receiving 1000 mg TDD levetiracetam, the administration was 500 mg twice daily. For patients receiving >1000 mg TDD, 77/78 patients received 1000 mg twice daily, and the remaining patient received 750 mg twice daily. A higher seizure incidence was observed, 11.5% vs 1.3%, in patients receiving 1000 mg TDD compared with doses >1000 mg TDD, respectively (p = 0.01), despite no difference in examined confounders, including history of alcoholism (14.8% vs. 19.2%, p = 0.49), benzodiazepine use (65.6% vs. 73.1%, p = 0.28), or propofol use (62.3% vs. 62.8%, p = 0.17). No difference in adverse effects were observed (anemia 1.6% vs. 3.8%, p = 0.44; leukopenia 6.6% vs. 9.0%, p = 0.60; thrombocytopenia 1.6% vs. 1.3%, p = 0.86). CONCLUSIONS: Patients may experience a reduced incidence of clinical and electroencephalographic seizures with levetiracetam dosing greater than 1000 mg TDD. ER  - 
Safety and Efficacy of Brain-Responsive Neurostimulation Treatment With Depth Leads Placed in the Neocortex$$$ INTRODUCTION: Responsive neurostimulation (RNS) is efficacious in treating medically refractory epilepsy arising from neocortical foci. During clinical trials, most patients with neocortical seizure foci received cortical strip leads, perhaps due to intracranial monitoring with subdural grids/strips. Stereo-electroencephalography (sEEG) has become more widely utilized since the trials, resulting in increased placement of neocortical RNS depth leads. This is also an appealing approach when dural adhesions make strip lead implantation difficult. METHODS: We conducted retrospective chart review of adult patients with refractory epilepsy at seven institutions who underwent placement and connection of at least one RNS depth lead in the neocortex. RESULTS: 61 neocortical depth leads were connected to the RNS neurostimulator in 53 patients. 33 patients had additional depth leads in a non-neocortical focus, and 12 had an additional neocortical strip lead. Median follow-up was 2.2 years (range: 0.4 - 5.2 years). Median clinical seizure reduction in seizures was 63% at 1 y and 75% at last follow-up. 12 patients (23%) were seizure-free at last follow-up; a majority of these (83%) were seizure-free for >6 mo, with five patients seizure-free for >1 y. There were two (3.8%) scalp infections. One patient (1.9%) had each of the following: chemical meningitis, epidural hematoma, post-surgical status epilepticus (resolved with stimulation), new-onset non-epileptic seizures, and stimulation-related nausea (resolved with programming). CONCLUSIONS: Our multicenter series of 53 patients with neocortical-onset epilepsy treated with neocortical RNS depth leads demonstrated 75% median seizure reduction at 2 y of follow-up with a similar safety profile to placement of deep brain electrodes for movement disorders. Neocortical depth leads may be preferred with the RNS system following sEEG evaluation and/or if strip placement poses increased surgical risk. ER  - 
A Nationwide Study Characterizing the Risk and Outcome Profiles of Multilevel Fusion Procedures in Neuromuscular Scoliosis Patients With Neurofibromatosis Type 1$$$ INTRODUCTION: Spine abnormalities are a common manifestation of Neurofibromatosis Type 1 (NF1); however, the outcomes of surgical treatment for NF1-associated spinal deformity are not well explored. METHODS: The National Inpatient Sample was queried for NF1 and non-NF1 patient populations with neuromuscular scoliosis who underwent multilevel fusion surgery involving eight or more vertebral levels between 2004 and 2017. Multivariate regression modeling was used to explore the relationship between perioperative variables and pertinent outcomes. RESULTS: Of the 55,485 patients with scoliosis, 533 patients (0.96%) had NF1. Patients with NF1 were more likely to have comorbid solid tumors (p < 0.0001), clinical depression (p < 0.0001), peripheral vascular disease (p < 0.0001), and hypertension (p<0.001). Following surgery, NF1 patients had a higher incidence of hydrocephalus (0.6% vs. 1.9% p=0.002), seizures (4.9% vs. 5.7% p = 0.006), and accidental vessel laceration (0.3% vs. 1.9% p = 0.011). Although there were no differences in overall complication rates or in-hospital mortality, multivariate regression revealed NF1 patients had an increased probability of pulmonary (OR 0.5, 95% CI 0.3-0.8, p = 0.004) and neurological (OR 1.8, 95%CI 1.0-3.3, p = 0.053) complications. There were no significant differences in utilization, including nonhome discharge or extended hospitalization; however, patients with NF1 had higher total hospital charges (OR -$18739, SE 3384, p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that NF1 is associated with certain complications following multilevel fusion surgery but does not appear to be associated with differences in quality or cost outcomes. These results provide some guidance to surgeons and other healthcare professionals in their perioperative decision making by raising awareness about risk factors for NF1 patients undergoing multilevel fusion surgery. We intend for this study to set the national baseline for complications after multilevel fusion in the NF1 population. ER  - 
Drug Interaction with a Novel COVID-19 Oral Agent With Resultant Intubation$$$ Background: During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted emergency use authorizations (EUA) to several novel medications including Paxlovid (nirmatrelvir/ritonavir.) Using unfamiliar EUA drugs may cause inadvertent drug-drug interactions. Hypothesis: Co-administration of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and cariprazine decreased cariprazine metabolism causing central nervous system (CNS) depression requiring intubation. Methods: This is a single-patient retrospective chart review. A 55-year old man with a history of intellectual disability and schizophrenia presented from his residential treatment facility with profound CNS depression requiring intubation for airway protection. Computed tomography and angiography of his head and neck revealed no acute abnormalities. EEG showed nonspecific background slowing consistent with toxic metabolic encephalopathy. He had been diagnosed with COVID-19 three days prior and started on Paxlovid. Toxicology was consulted for evaluation of possible pharmacological toxicity. Pharmacy records revealed daily cariprazine therapy. Results: Cariprazine is a third-generation antipsychotic used to treat bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. It has a long half-life with active metabolites. This patient was started on Paxlovid, a known CYP-3A4 inhibitor, and was continued on the same dose of cariprazine, potentially increasing cariprazine adverse effects which include seizures and somnolence. A comprehensive drug screen was positive for loxapine, which was not prescribed. Interestingly, there was no detectable amoxapine, a loxapine metabolite, which would likely be positive in the setting of chronic use. There is no current literature that suggests that cariprazine and loxapine cross-react, but this may explain the isolated positive result. Cariprazine was held, and the patient's mental status improved. He was extubated on hospital day four and discharged. Conclusion: The EUA of medications like Paxlovid may prove dangerous when prescribers are unfamiliar with their metabolism and may cause significant drug-drug interactions which is the proposed mechanism of altered mental status in this case. These conclusions are limited by their descriptive nature and lack of quantitative drug levels.. ER  - 
Comparison of Ethanol Withdrawal Management Protocols: SEWS-Phenobarbital on a Medical Toxicology Admitting Service vs Standard Hospital CIWA-Benzodiazepine Protocol$$$ Background: We compared quality outcomes of Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome (AWS) management between a primary medical toxicology admitting service and other inpatient admitting services within a hospital network. Methods: Retrospective, single center observational study between April 2021 - August 2022. The medical toxicology service utilizes a Severity of Ethanol Withdrawal Scale (SEWS)-phenobarbital symptom-triggered monotherapy protocol at their 16-bed withdrawal management unit, whereas the remainder of the hospital network utilizes a conventional Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment (CIWA)- benzodiazepine (BZD) protocol. Quality data was obtained via electronic medical records comparing relative length of stay (LOS) and readmission rates between the withdrawal management unit and network inpatient and intensive care settings for similar patients with AWS, querying specific medical diagnoses of alcohol withdrawal, delirium tremens, seizure, Wernicke Encephalopathy, Wernicke-Korsakoff Syndrome, alcoholic ketoacidosis, atrial fibrillation, pancreatitis, transaminitis, kidney injury, dehydration, and overdose. An expected LOS index was calculated using a formula accounting for the aforementioned co-morbidities; a value of one indicates the expected hospital stay. Seven-day bounce-back and 30-day readmission rates (for any reason) were also examined. Results: During the study period, the medical toxicology service admitted an average of 59 patients per month (range: 31-90). Average LOS index was 0.86 for the withdrawal management unit, compared to 1.28 for the rest of the network. Seven-day bounce-back rate for the withdrawal management unit was 4.9%, compared to 8.35% for the rest of the network. Thirty-day readmission rate for the withdrawal management unit was 5.55% compared to 10.56% for the rest of the network. No readmissions were related to any recurrence of withdrawal symptoms in the absence of recidivism. Conclusion: The medical toxicology withdrawal management unit, using a SEWS-phenobarbital protocol, showed decreased LOS, seven-day bounce-backs, and thirty-day readmission rates compared to inpatient hospital and intensive care unit settings for the same defined population of patients.. ER  - 
“That's not Cough Syrup”: Pediatric Siblings Accidentally Poisoned by the Organophosphate Pesticide Coumaphos$$$ Background: Pediatric organophosphate insecticide poisonings are rare in the United States and life-threatening toxicity is unusual. We report two accidental ingestions of the organophosphate insecticide coumaphos that resulted in life threatening symptoms. Methods: This was a two-patient retrospective chart review. Consent was obtained from the patients' mother. A seven year-old male and 10 year-old female both presented from home after accidental ingestion of one 'spoonful' of coumaphos 20% liquid (Asuntol®; Bayer de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., Mexico D.F., Mexico). There were no other known ingestions. Both became rapidly symptomatic, with the male developing dyspnea, vomiting, and depressed mental status and the female developing headache and nausea. Soon after, the male had a witnessed cardiopulmonary arrest and the female developed altered mental status and flaccid paralysis. Results: Both patients were treated initially with atropine in the emergency department but required no additional doses. On arrival to the pediatric intensive care unit, both received pralidoxime with subsequent plasma exchange, and continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration. Transient anemia, coagulopathy, transaminitis, and hyperglycemia developed in both patients. The female was extubated on hospital day six and the male on hospital day 11. The female's course was complicated by aspiration pneumonia and an isolated seizure. The male's course was complicated mainly by anoxic brain injury, with associated seizures, neuroagitation, spasticity, and autonomic instability. The female was discharged on hospital day 16 and remained asymptomatic 32 days after ingestion. As of 90 days after ingestion, the male remained admitted to inpatient rehabilitation. Conclusion: The optimal treatment regimen for organophosphate insecticide toxicity remains poorly defined. The clinical benefit of pralidoxime, plasma exchange, and CVVHDF is uncertain in these cases.. ER  - 
Levetiracetam Dosing for Seizure Prophylaxis in Neurocritical Care Patients$$$ INTRODUCTION: Levetiracetam has emerged as a safer alternative to phenytoin for seizure prophylaxis in patients presenting with subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) or traumatic brain injury (TBI). However, it remains unclear which Levetiracetam dosing regimen is most effective at preventing seizures. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study captured adult patients at a quaternary care center presenting with SAH or TBI who received levetiracetam as a total daily dose (TDD) equivalent to or greater than 1000 mg. The primary outcome was the combined seizure incidence, including clinical and subclinical seizures. RESULTS: Among the 139 patients identified, 49.6% were male, and the mean age was 53 years. For patients receiving 1000 mg TDD levetiracetam, the administration was 500 mg twice daily. For patients receiving >1000 mg TDD, 77/78 patients received 1000 mg twice daily, and the remaining patient received 750 mg twice daily. A higher seizure incidence was observed, 11.5% vs 1.3%, in patients receiving 1000 mg TDD compared with doses >1000 mg TDD, respectively (p = 0.01), despite no difference in examined confounders, including history of alcoholism (14.8% vs. 19.2%, p = 0.49), benzodiazepine use (65.6% vs. 73.1%, p = 0.28), or propofol use (62.3% vs. 62.8%, p = 0.17). No difference in adverse effects were observed (anemia 1.6% vs. 3.8%, p = 0.44; leukopenia 6.6% vs. 9.0%, p = 0.60; thrombocytopenia 1.6% vs. 1.3%, p = 0.86). CONCLUSIONS: Patients may experience a reduced incidence of clinical and electroencephalographic seizures with levetiracetam dosing greater than 1000 mg TDD. ER  - 
Safety and Efficacy of Brain-Responsive Neurostimulation Treatment With Depth Leads Placed in the Neocortex$$$ INTRODUCTION: Responsive neurostimulation (RNS) is efficacious in treating medically refractory epilepsy arising from neocortical foci. During clinical trials, most patients with neocortical seizure foci received cortical strip leads, perhaps due to intracranial monitoring with subdural grids/strips. Stereo-electroencephalography (sEEG) has become more widely utilized since the trials, resulting in increased placement of neocortical RNS depth leads. This is also an appealing approach when dural adhesions make strip lead implantation difficult. METHODS: We conducted retrospective chart review of adult patients with refractory epilepsy at seven institutions who underwent placement and connection of at least one RNS depth lead in the neocortex. RESULTS: 61 neocortical depth leads were connected to the RNS neurostimulator in 53 patients. 33 patients had additional depth leads in a non-neocortical focus, and 12 had an additional neocortical strip lead. Median follow-up was 2.2 years (range: 0.4 - 5.2 years). Median clinical seizure reduction in seizures was 63% at 1 y and 75% at last follow-up. 12 patients (23%) were seizure-free at last follow-up; a majority of these (83%) were seizure-free for >6 mo, with five patients seizure-free for >1 y. There were two (3.8%) scalp infections. One patient (1.9%) had each of the following: chemical meningitis, epidural hematoma, post-surgical status epilepticus (resolved with stimulation), new-onset non-epileptic seizures, and stimulation-related nausea (resolved with programming). CONCLUSIONS: Our multicenter series of 53 patients with neocortical-onset epilepsy treated with neocortical RNS depth leads demonstrated 75% median seizure reduction at 2 y of follow-up with a similar safety profile to placement of deep brain electrodes for movement disorders. Neocortical depth leads may be preferred with the RNS system following sEEG evaluation and/or if strip placement poses increased surgical risk. ER  - 
A Nationwide Study Characterizing the Risk and Outcome Profiles of Multilevel Fusion Procedures in Neuromuscular Scoliosis Patients With Neurofibromatosis Type 1$$$ INTRODUCTION: Spine abnormalities are a common manifestation of Neurofibromatosis Type 1 (NF1); however, the outcomes of surgical treatment for NF1-associated spinal deformity are not well explored. METHODS: The National Inpatient Sample was queried for NF1 and non-NF1 patient populations with neuromuscular scoliosis who underwent multilevel fusion surgery involving eight or more vertebral levels between 2004 and 2017. Multivariate regression modeling was used to explore the relationship between perioperative variables and pertinent outcomes. RESULTS: Of the 55,485 patients with scoliosis, 533 patients (0.96%) had NF1. Patients with NF1 were more likely to have comorbid solid tumors (p < 0.0001), clinical depression (p < 0.0001), peripheral vascular disease (p < 0.0001), and hypertension (p<0.001). Following surgery, NF1 patients had a higher incidence of hydrocephalus (0.6% vs. 1.9% p=0.002), seizures (4.9% vs. 5.7% p = 0.006), and accidental vessel laceration (0.3% vs. 1.9% p = 0.011). Although there were no differences in overall complication rates or in-hospital mortality, multivariate regression revealed NF1 patients had an increased probability of pulmonary (OR 0.5, 95% CI 0.3-0.8, p = 0.004) and neurological (OR 1.8, 95%CI 1.0-3.3, p = 0.053) complications. There were no significant differences in utilization, including nonhome discharge or extended hospitalization; however, patients with NF1 had higher total hospital charges (OR -$18739, SE 3384, p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that NF1 is associated with certain complications following multilevel fusion surgery but does not appear to be associated with differences in quality or cost outcomes. These results provide some guidance to surgeons and other healthcare professionals in their perioperative decision making by raising awareness about risk factors for NF1 patients undergoing multilevel fusion surgery. We intend for this study to set the national baseline for complications after multilevel fusion in the NF1 population. ER  - 
IVIG for Treatment-Resistant Psychosis For a Child with Turner Syndrome$$$ Psychosis is defined as the presence of false beliefs or false perceptions. In children some causes of psychosis include psychiatric diagnosis such as schizophrenia and autism. However, it may also be secondary to medical conditions like various forms of encephalitis. Studies have shown that IVIG has been efficacious in the treatment of psychosis in the setting of autoimmune encephalitis. A 9-year-old girl with a past medical history of Turner Syndrome, developmental delay, epilepsy, growth hormone deficiency, metabolic bone disease, and autism (ASD) presented with auditory and visual hallucinations that began June 2020. She began with her hearing voices that repeated the word dead and told her that she would not live. The hallucination later took the form of a man that would mock her, laugh about her parents dying, and tell her to kill them. The patient had associated symptoms of insomnia, anxiety, sadness, and increased anger. On her initial admission, CSF studies including culture and gram strain were unremarkable. NMDA, VHKC, and GAD65 antibodies were negative.At this time the hallucinations were thought to be due to ASD and she was prescribed Risperdal 0.25mg twice a day. Unfortunately, this did not improve her symptoms and from the time period of June 2020 to May 2021 she subsequently underwent trials of Risperdal, Zyprexa, Invega, Abilify, Thorazine, Haldol, and Clozaril. However, the symptoms persisted. Zoloft was prescribed, which was efficacious for anger and dysphoria. Trazodone, melatonin, and Remeron were tried for the treatment of insomnia, but did not cause enough improvement to continue the medications. Due to progression of command hallucinations with the man instructing her to hurt others, the patient was admitted July 2021 for administration of IVIG. Repeat CSF studies and brain MRI were unremarkable. From July 29, 2021 toAugust 1, 2021 she received three doses of IVIGwhich resulted in improvement of psychosis. Prior to administration, she was seeing the man throughout the day every single day, was sleeping only 3-4 hours a night, and having nightmares everyday. On evaluation 2 weeks after IVIG, she was only seeing the man 1-2 time a day, sleeping 6-8 hours a night, having nightmares 1-2 times a week, and her mood had improved. This case illustrates the potential use of IVIG for the treatment of treatment-resistant psychosis. Although the cause of this patient's symptoms remains unclear, there were clear benefits from the administration of IVIG that were not seen with trials of antipsychotics. ER  - 
Evaluation of Antipsychotics vs Valproic Acid in Hyperactive Delirium$$$ Delirium is a common geriatric syndromes in hospitalized patients. Valproic acid (VA) has been used off-label to assist in the management of delirium in the intensive care (ICU) setting, but studies are limited in its efficacy. Antipsychotics are the standardized medication in the electronic health record (EHR). The primary objective of this study evaluated the resolution of hyperactive delirium with antipsychotics vs VA in a non-ICU setting A retrospective chart review on hospitalized patients >70 years old and admitted between 1/2021 and 12/2021 with hyperactive delirium, defined as positive Confusion Assessment Method (CAM) scores, in a non-ICU setting. Patients were excluded if they required antipsychotics or VA for other medical conditions such as epilepsy schizophrenia, and bipolar disorder. The antipsychotic arm included patients who received medications such as haloperidol, risperidone quetiapine, and olanzapine, and the VA group included patients who received VA, and as-needed antipsychotics. This study was deemed to be IRB exempt. The primary outcome of the resolution of hyperactive delirium was defined as CAM negative prior to discharge. Secondary outcomes included time from first CAM positive to first CAM negative and patients with multiple delirium episodes, defined as greater than or equal to 2 CAM positive events 281 patients were evaluated; 34 patients in the VA group and 28 patients in the antipsychotic group. No statistical difference was seen in the primary outcome; the % of patients with delirium resolution was 79% in the VA group and 92% in the antipsychotic group (p=0.166). The time to resolution of the first delirium episode was nonstatistically significant (1.9 hours vs 2.1 hours, VA vs. antipsychotic) Fewer patients in the VA group had multiple episodes of delirium compared to the antipsychotics group (17.6% vs. 42.9%, VA vs. antipsychotic P=0.027) There was no difference in the resolution of hyperactive delirium or time to resolution of delirium between the two groups. However the use of VA was associated with statistically significant decreased incidence of multiple episodes of delirium compared to antipsychotic use. There may be benefit for using VPA in patients with repeat episodes of delirium. Larger studies are needed to further investigate the impact of VPA for the management of hyperactive delirium in a non-ICU patient population . ER  - 
Musical Ear Syndrome in a 96-year-old Veteran$$$ Background: Musical hallucinations (MH), also called Musical Ear Syndrome, are sensory experiences of tunes or melodies unrelated to external stimuli. They are an infrequent but likely underreported type of auditory hallucination. Etiologies include focal cerebral lesions, epilepsy, psychiatric disorders, drugs, toxic metabolic conditions and hearing loss. There is a lack of awareness of the association between sensory loss and hallucinations. Case Description: A 96-year-old Black Veteran with severe bilateral sensorineural hearing loss presented to geriatric clinic complaining of MH. For the past year, he experienced episodes of hearing musical sounds such as choir singing that he recognized as not real. His hearing had declined over 30 years, and recently hearing aids provided little help. He had previously declined cochlear implants. His wife also noted mild memory loss but no functional decline. He did not have preexisting psychiatric or neurologic disorders. There were no visual hallucinations or parkinsonian features to suggest early dementia with Lewy bodies. His diagnostic workup was notable for a Montreal Cognitive Assessment score of 21/30 with deficits in delayed recall. A brain MRI showed chronic microvascular ischemia but no major structural lesions. He was referred to neurology and a video monitored EEG did not show seizure activity during reported hallucinations. He was diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment and musical ear syndrome. He was educated on the syndrome and encouraged to listen to music with a head set. Discussion: Studies have demonstrated a link between sensory deprivation and hallucinations. The prevalence of hallucinations is higher in conditions like social isolation, vision loss (Charles Bonnet syndrome) and hearing loss. In a cross-sectional study there was a linear correlation between severity of hearing loss and hallucinations, with a prevalence of 24% in severe hearing loss. A proposed mechanism involves sensory deafferentation: diminished sensory input leads to abnormal excitation and disinhibition of cortical auditory networks. In older patients, it is important to recognize MH as a potential consequence of hearing impairment. They can be diminished by improving hearing or by increasing sensory input with music. These patients can be reassured that the hallucinations are not due to dementia or psychosis and sometimes even improve spontaneously. ER  - 
Cognitive and Behavioral Effects of Adjunctive Brivaracetam in Children and Adolescents with Focal Seizures: Final Data From an Open-label Follow-up Trial$$$ Objective: Evaluate cognitive and behavioral effects of long-term adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV) in children with focal seizures. Background: Children with epilepsy are at increased risk for cognitive and behavioral problems. Design/Methods: Post-hoc analysis of phase 3, open-label, follow-up trial (N01266; NCT01364597; patients <16 years at core trial entry; ≤5 mg/kg/day BRV tablet/oral solution [≤200 mg/day]). Planned trial duration ≥3 years. Outcomes included Achenbach Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL; ages 1.5-5 and 6-18 years), Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF; ages 2-<5 [BRIEF-P] and 5-16 years). Results: 140 patients were included (mean age 9.5 years; 22.9% aged 1.5-5 years [median exposure 3.6 years], 77.1% aged 6-16 years [median exposure 3.5 years]). Mean changes (baseline to last evaluation) for all Achenbach CBCL and BRIEF-P/BRIEF subscale scores were negative, reflecting stability/slight improvement. The largest decreases in CBCL were for aggressive behavior and anxious/depressed (both age groups) and other problems (1.5-5 years). The largest decreases in BRIEF-P/BRIEF scores were for inhibit and working memory (both age groups) and emotional control (2-<5 years). Most patients had no shift in T-score category (baseline to last evaluation) for each CBCL subscale (between normal and borderline clinical range [BCR]) and BRIEF-P/BRIEF subscale (between normal and potential clinical significance [PCS]). For all CBCL subscales, higher proportion of patients changed from BCR to normal than from normal to BCR. Changes for BRIEF-P were mostly PCS to normal; for BRIEF, similar proportions of patients changed in either direction. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were reported in 100% and 95.4% of patients aged 1.5-5 and 6-16 years (drug-related TEAEs 31.3%, 30.6%; discontinuations due to TEAEs 6.3%, 9.3%). Conclusions: Cognitive and behavioral functioning scores in children and adolescents with focal seizures during long-term adjunctive BRV therapy were generally stable or slightly improved. BRV was generally well tolerated. ER  - 
A Randomised Controlled Trial on the Effect of Viewing the Event in Psychogenic non epileptic Events$$$ Objective: To study the effect of viewing one's event on psychological status in psychogenic non-epileptic events (PNEE) Background: PNEEs are bodily complaints due to unconscious mental conflict and the thoughts of which alters the psychological status adversely. Thus, when this sensitive diagnosis is delivered along with one's own event, a better understanding of the illness brings harmony to internal milieu when coupled with psychotherapy. Design/Methods: This is a single centre prospective randomised controlled trial where patients diagnosed with PNEE in our epilepsy monitoring unit were randomised into intervention and control arm. Both the groups were given standard psychotherapy while the recorded event was shown to intervention arm alone. Event frequency and baseline psychological status using standard questionnaires (HADS and QOLIE - 31) was recorded at baseline and compared during follow up at 12 weeks. Paired t test was used to compare the results. Results: A total of 65 patients (31 intervention/34 control) were included in the study with similar baseline characteristics. The mean baseline per-week event frequency was 9.93 (16.7) and 11.78 (25.3) in intervention and control group respectively, which had fallen to 2.58 (4.65), p=0.731 and 1.58 (3.04), p=0.313 during 12 week follow up. HADS anxiety and depression scores improved significantly in both the groups while among QOLIE 31 components, seizure worry (p=0.008), overall quality of life (p<0.001) and emotional well being (p<0.003) in intervention arm. However, control arm had improvement in overall quality of life (p=0.003) and social effects (p=0.016) components. Conclusions: Event viewing, in addition to psychotherapy improves psychological status in PNEE especially with regard to seizure worry and emotional well being perhaps by improving self - acceptance of the diagnosis and increasing the engagement and adherence to psychotherapy. ER  - 
A Cross-Sectional Study of the Neuropsychiatric Phenotype of CACNA1C-Related Disorder$$$ Objective: To investigate the full neurologic, psychiatric, and developmental phenotypic spectrum of individuals with CACNA1C-related disorder. Background: CACNA1C encodes the voltage gated L-type Ca 1.2 calcium channel. A specific gain of function pathogenic variant in CACNA1C causes Timothy syndrome type 1 (TS1) with multi-system involvement including cardiac long QT syndrome, syndactyly, and neuropsychiatric symptoms. We found that the TS1 variant alters neuronal activity-dependent signaling and interneuron migration. The broader spectrum of CACNA1C-related disorder (CRD) includes isolated cardiac disease, isolated neurologic deficits, and TS, but it is unknown how the clinical presentation of CRD variants other than TS relate to neural defects. We surveyed individuals with CRD to define the neuropsychiatric and developmental phenotype to guide future research into the role of calcium channels in neural development. Design/Methods: Caregivers of and individuals with CRD completed an online survey of pre and perinatal events, cardiac events, developmental milestones, neuropsychiatric symptoms, and neuropsychiatric diagnoses. Multiple Mann-Whitney tests were used for comparison of categorical values and Fisher's exact test for comparison of categorical variables between participants with and without LQTS. Results: Twenty-four participants with germline CACNA1C variants completed the survey. The most common neuropsychiatric symptoms and/or diagnoses were developmental delay in 92%, incoordination in 71%, hypotonia in 67%, autism spectrum disorder in 50% (autistic features in 92%), seizures in 37.5%, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in 21% of participants. There were no significant differences in symptoms between participants with and without LQTS. Conclusions: In our CRD cohort there was an increased prevalence of multiple neuropsychiatric symptoms compared with the general population. These findings indicate the key role of Ca 1.2 in brain development and the clinical importance of screening and treating neuropsychiatric symptoms in all individuals with CRD. Future directions include deep phenotyping of neuropsychiatric symptoms and efforts to relate these symptoms to specific cellular defects. ER  - 
Associations of small vessel disease and seizures among hospitalized stroke patients$$$ Objective: To evaluate the association of white matter disease and cerebral micro bleeds with seizures among hospitalized patients with ischemic stroke. Background: Small vessel diseases are frequent in ischemic stroke, yet unlike hemorrhagic strokes, their association with seizures has not been well characterized. Design/Methods: Retrospective cohort of hospitalized patients with anterior circulation ischemic stroke. The association of White matter disease and cerebral micro bleeds with seizures was assessed using a logistic regression model. Results: Of 381 patients, 17 developed seizures. Compared with patients without CMBs, those with CMBs had four-fold higher odds of seizures (adjusted OR: 4.36, 95% 1.23-15.34, p=0.02). White matter disease burden was not associated with seizures. Conclusions: In this cohort of hospitalized patients with anterior circulation ischemic stroke, the presence of 4 or more CMBs increased the risk of seizures. The long-term risk of seizures associated with CMBs and other markers of small vessel disease is warranted. ER  - 
Long Term Outcomes in Patients with AntiDPPX Autoimmunity$$$ Objective: To describe long term outcomes in anti-DPPX encephalitis. Background: Dipeptidyl-peptidase-like protein 6 (DDPX) antibody-associated encephalitis is a rare type of immune-mediated encephalitis characterized by cognitive disorder, neuropsychiatric symptoms, and CNS hyperexcitability, preceded by prodromal weight loss and diarrhea. Although anti-DPPX encephalitis has been described to be immunotherapy responsive, data regarding long-term outcomes is lacking. Design/Methods: We retrospectively identified anti-DPPX encephalitis patients across all three Mayo Clinic sites using the neuroimmunology lab database with the following inclusion criteria: 1) DPPX cell-based assay positive samples in serum and CSF; 2) duration of follow up of at least 36 months from symptom onset to last follow up. Results: Six anti-DDPX patients were included (median age, 56.5 years; range, 28-70 years) with a median follow up of 70.5 months (range 42-144 months). Of these 67% (4/6) were males. Median time from symptom onset to initiation of treatment was 15.5 months (range 4-48 months). Only 16% (1/6) had a malignancy identified (CLL). All patients had prodromal weight loss and gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms. All patients had cognitive impairment ranging from mild symptoms to dementia. One had neuropsychiatric symptoms including agitation, paranoia, and delusions. Seizures were documented in 33% (2/6), none were drug resistant. All patients had resolution of GI symptoms at last follow up, but all had persistence of sleep disturbances. 100% (6/6) had relapses. One patient died who had severe dysautonomia, but cause of death is unknown. The rest had stability or improvement in symptoms determined objectively with Kokmen mental status exam, ambulatory status (5/6) and ability to return to work (1/6). 33% (2/6) were able to discontinue immunotherapy and remained stable. Conclusions: Overall long-term outcomes are good in anti-DPPX encephalitis. Relapses are common, particularly in the setting of weaning off immunotherapy. Patients can improve symptoms on treatment, but full resolution and return to premorbid baseline is unlikely. ER  - 
Longitudinal clinical outcomes, cognitive impairment, and mood symptoms in anti NMDAR encephalitis$$$ Objective: To characterize longitudinal outcomes in anti-NMDA receptor (anti-NMDAR) encephalitis. Background: Outcomes in anti-NMDAR encephalitis are poorly understood but may be influenced by factors not adequately captured using the modified Rankin Scale (mRS). Design/Methods: This retrospective, observational cohort study examined outcome measures (mRS and clinical assessment scale in autoimmune encephalitis, CASE) in adults with anti NMDAR-IgG in CSF at hospital discharge and long-term follow-up. Linear and logistic regression modeled outcomes. Mixed models examined predictor effects by time. Subgroups with evaluations for cognitive impairment (CI) (Montreal Cognitive Assessment or Mini Mental State Examination) >6 months from symptom onset and depression (Patient Health Questionnaire-9) and anxiety (General Anxiety Disorder-7) within 1 year of long-term followup were reported. Spearman correlations were examined between mood and final CASE scores. Results: Thirty-eight patients (76.3% female, median disease onset age=28 years, IQR=22-36) were included. The majority received first-(97.4%) and second-line (68.4%) immunosuppressants at a median of 3.9 weeks (IQR=2.1-9.7). Median/mean mRS and CASE were 4 (IQR=3-5) and 12.7 (SD=7) at baseline and 2 (IQR=1-3) and 4 (SD=4.1) at long-term follow-up (median=70 weeks, IQR=51-174). Both improved from baseline (p<0.001). At hospital discharge (median=10 weeks, IQR=6-17), predictors of higher CASE and mRS scores included: dysautonomia, coma/lethargy, seizures/status epilepticus, and intensive care unit admission (p<0.05). At long-term follow-up, only onset weakness predicted higher mRS scores (OR=5.62, CI 1.02-30.90, p=0.047). Seizures were uncommon (3%). Psychiatric morbidity was the main contributor to final CASE scores (mean=1.3, SD=0.94). In subgroup analyses, moderate-severe CI (50%), depression (29.5%), and anxiety (41.6%) were frequent. There was a correlation between depression (r=0.65, p<0.01) and anxiety (r=0.79, p<0.01) measures with final CASE memory sub-scores. Conclusions: Different clinical factors predict early versus long-term outcomes in anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Only onset weakness predicts long-term disability by mRS. Long-term CI and mood symptoms were frequently noted. Highlighting a complex interplay, mood symptoms correlated with CASE memory sub-scores. ER  - 
Anti-NMDAR encephalitis mimicking rapidly progressive neurodegenerative disorder in a toddler: a case report$$$ Objective: To report that anti-NMDAR encephalitis in children can present with developmental regression and seizures mimicking a rapidly progressive neurodegenerative disorder. Background: Anti-NMDAR encephalitis is one of the most common causes of encephalitis in children. However, variations in clinical presentation and a multiphasic course often leads to delays in diagnosis. Herein we describe a toddler who presented with developmental regression and abnormal EEG suggestive of a genetic neurodegenerative disorder but was found to be highly positive for anti-NMDAR antibody and responded positively to immunotherapy. Design/Methods: Retrospective chart review. Results: An 18-month-old female with a history of eczema and unvaccinated status presented with a 1-week history of developmental regression that profoundly advanced during admission to include depressed level of consciousness, generalized hypotonia, loss of purposeful movements, choreiform and dystonic movements, tonic seizures, and infantile spasms. MRI brain and spine and cerebral spinal fluid indices were normal. EEG initially showed several brief tonic seizures, abundant epilepti form discharges and photoparoxysmal response at low frequencies that raised concern for possible lysosomal storage disease. She was started on Keppra with resolution of her seizures. Repeat EEG on day 18 of hospitalization however showed worsening pattern with modified hypsarrhythmia and she was initiated on high-dose oral prednisolone for infantile spasms. She underwent extensive neurometabolic and genetic workup which were largely unremarkable. Anti-NMDAR antibody returned positive on day 32 of hospitalization. She was initiated on methylprednisolone and plasma exchange, followed by intravenous immunoglobulin, with dramatic improvement. She was discharged on day 68 of hospitalization, with plan to continue intravenous immunoglobulin monthly. Conclusions: Our case emphasizes the significance of suspecting anti-NMDAR encephalitis as a cause of progressive neurological deterioration in young children. ER  - 
Correlation of Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS) measures with unplanned healthcare resources utilization (HRU) among patients with epilepsy (PWE): a retrospective cohort study Alexandra Urban$$$ Objective: To evaluate whether PROMIS scores correlate with unplanned HRU among PWE. Background: Mental, physical, and social health determinants have a significant effect on quality of life with sparse data on their effect on unplanned HRU. Design/Methods: We utilized the PROMIS-16 questionnaire to assess patients' mental, physical, and social health. Patients completed the questionnaire as part of routine medical care at outpatient neurology clinic visits. We performed a retrospective analysis of the PROMIS measures completed between June 2018, and August 2022. PROMIS data was combined with Health Plan claims data on utilization at 7, 30 and 90-day from the index clinic visit and analyzed using a logit model. A pathologic score in each of the 8 PROMIS measures (Anxiety>62, Depression>60, Fatigue >65, Pain>65, Sleep Disturbance>65, Cognition<35, Physical function<35, Social scores<35) was analyzed as an independent predictor of unplanned HRU in each of 4 domains (Mortality all causes, Hospitalization all causes, ED treat and release all causes and Urgent care all causes). Results: The cohort included 6485 unique PWE (13159 encounters; 53.1% females, 10.1% black, median age 46.4-years). The following statistically significant correlations emerged: 1) pathological Physical Function and Social Scores were associated with 90-day mortality; 2) pathological Fatigue, Pain, Sleep Disturbance, Physical Function, and Social Scores were associated with 7-day Hospitalization, 3) Pathological Anxiety, Depression, Fatigue, Pain, Physical Function, and Social Scores were associated with 7-day ED visits, 4) Pathological scores on each of the 8 measures correlated with 90-day Hospitalization (7 measures with a 30-day) and ED visits (5 measures with a 30-day), and 5) Pathological Fatigue scores correlated with 90-day urgent care utilization. Conclusions: PROMIS scores are associated with unplanned HRU at short index times from outpatient neurology clinic visits among PWE. This prognostic utility supports the routine collection of patient-reported health measures in clinical practice along with developing timely interventions. ER  - 
Efficacy and Quality of Life Outcome of Combined Epilepsy Surgery with RNS Placement$$$ Objective: Retrospectively review clinical outcomes in patients treated with resection or Laser interstitial Thermal Therapy (LiTT) immediately (≤ 90 days) after implantation of RNS. Background: Surgical resection and LiTT are standard treatments for refractory epilepsy, but these options can be limited by eloquent cortex and seizure multifocality. Previous studies have suggested RNS may be used in conjunction with resective surgery (RNS+R) or LiTT (RNS+LiTT) as a new combination of treatments. Besides seizure control, quality of life and psychiatric symptoms including depression and anxiety are considered as important outcome evaluation after epilepsy surgery. Design/Methods: 34 patients that had RNS+R or RNS+LiTT at our center were reviewed and 10 were excluded. The decision of dual procedures was made prior to surgery. Patients received RNS+R had both resective surgery and RNS placement in the same procedure. Patients received RNS+LiTT had several weeks gap between the RNS placement and LiTT due to neurosurgical logistics. Clinical follow-ups were performed at 12, 18, 24, 36 and 48 months for evaluation of seizure frequency. Patient health questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) is used as a depression assessment. Quality of life in epilepsy questionnaire (QOLIE-31) was used as scoring for evaluation of general quality of life. Results: Among the 24 patients that had RNS+R or RNS+LiTT, 22 patients (91.6%) showed improved seizure frequency at the last follow up. Fourteen patients had PHQ-9 evaluation and the average score was 5.85±6.29 (mean±SD), among which nine were between 0-4 (minimal depression), one was between 5-9(mild depression), three were between 10-14(moderate depression), one was 15-19(moderately severe depression) and none was 20-27(severe depression). QOLIE-31 done in eight patients showed average score of 65.61 ± 18.09 (mean±SD) in last follow-up visit. Conclusions: Our study showed significant seizure control rate of RNS+R or RNS+LiTT therapy in refractory epilepsy patients. It also suggestive for promising psychiatric outcomes and quality of life scoring after surgery. ER  - 
Seizures in Dementia are Associated with Worse Clinical Outcomes, Higher Mortality and Shorter Lifespans$$$ Objective: To study impact of seizures on clinical and mortality outcomes in dementia patients. Background: Dementia and seizures are both public health imperatives. Seizures occur in 10- 64% of those with dementia and accelerate cognitive decline. However, the impact of seizures on clinical and mortality outcomes in dementia patients has not been studied. Design/Methods: We analyzed longitudinal data from 39 Alzheimer's disease Centers from 9/2005-12/2021, maintained by National Alzheimer's Coordinating Center. We included patients with cognitive impairment at initial visit. We compared cognitive, functional and mortality outcomes among those with and without seizures. Results: At the initial visit, among 26,425 cognitively impaired patients, 374(1.4% point prevalence) had seizures. Seizure patients were significantly younger (62.91 vs 68.4 years, p<0.001) at onset of cognitive decline. In multivariate regression analysis, dominant Alzheimer's disease(AD) mutation(OR: 5.55, CI: 2.39-12.89, p < 0.001), stroke (OR: 3.17, CI: 2.35-4.27, p < 0.001), transient ischemic attack[TIA] (OR: 1.72, CI: 1.21-2.46, p = 0.003), traumatic brain injury[TBI] (OR: 1.92, CI: 1.48-2.50, p < 0.001), Parkinson's disease [PD] (OR: 1.79, CI: 1.07- 2.98, p = 0.025), depression (OR: 1.61, CI: 1.30-1.99, p < 0.001) and lower education (OR: 0.97, CI: 0.95-0.99, p = 0.043) were associated with seizures. Patients with seizures performed worse on mini-mental-status examination(18.50 vs 22.88, p < 0.001) and Clinical-Dementia-Rating Sum-of-boxes(7.95 vs 4.28, p < 0.001); and had more physical dependence(OR: 2.52, CI: 1.99-3.19, p < 0.001) compared to those without seizures after adjusting for age and dementia duration using generalized linear model. Analysis of longitudinal mortality data showed that a higher proportion of seizure patients had died (OR: 1.56, CI: 1.27-1.91, p < 0.0001),and they were younger at death(72.99 vs 79.72years, p < 0.001). Multivariate survival analysis using Cox regression was conducted to study age at death and seizure status. We adjusted the model for sex, disease duration, stroke, TIA, TBI, depression, education and dominant AD mutation. Despite adjustment, patients with seizures were at a higher risk of dying at a younger age(hazard ratio: 1.76, CI: 1.49-2.08, p<0.001). Conclusions: Our study shows that dementia patients with seizures have worse cognition and higher mortality rates at a younger age compared to dementia patients without seizures. Dementia patients with early onset of dementia, dominant AD mutation, stroke, TIA, TBI, PD, depression, and/or lower education are more likely to have seizures. Dementia patient with these risk factors may be routinely considered for EEG for early identification and treatment of seizures to improve outcomes. ER  - 
EEG abnormalities in patients with PNES$$$ Objective: Our goal is to characterize EEG abnormalities in patients with psychogenic non epileptic seizures (PNES) with and without epilepsy as well as examine the relationship between EEG and imaging in this cohort at a Level-4 Epilepsy center. Background: Prior studies have shown that PNES patients have higher rates of EEG abnormalities; both epileptiform and non-epileptiform as compared to the general population. Studies have noted EEG changes in patients with PNES. For most of these studies, studying EEG abnormalities were not a primary goal. These studies were older, had smaller sample sizes, some were in specific groups (children, neurological conditions, developmentally delayed people ) or did not distinguish between underlying cerebral disorders vs or epilepsy. In one recent larger study, which did find higher rate of interictal EEG abnormalities in patients with PNES (1.8 times more likely, this did not reach significance) but used routine EEGs to study interictal data. Design/Methods: Retrospective chart review of all patients discharged from the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit between 1/2016 and 12/2018. Results: 287 patients with PNES and 17 with PNES and epilepsy (PNES+E) were included. Age was mean of 41 years (PNES) and 39 years (PNES+E). 78.4% of PNES patients had normal interictal EEG, 21.6% had abnormal interictal EEG. 17.6% of PNES+E patients had normal interictal EEG and 82.4% had abnormal interictal EEG. Overall, 15.1 % of patients had an interictal epileptiform abnormality. 10.8% of pts with PNES had epileptiform discharges as compared to 88.2% of patients with PNES+E. Overall, 17.4% of the total pts had a non-epileptiform abnormality on their EEG. In the PNES group, this was 16% and in the PNES+E group, it was 41.2% Conclusions: Patients with PNES have a much higher rate of epileptiform discharges at 11% compared to the general population (∼2%). ER  - 
Feasibility and Insights from Automated Depression and Anxiety Screening for People with Epilepsy$$$ Objective: To describe how systematic screening for depression and anxiety was accomplished in a tertiary epilepsy clinic and describe the insights that the data provided to quality improvement teams. Background: Mental health comorbidities are highly prevalent among people living with epilepsy (PWE), leading to poor quality of life. Thus, routine screening for anxiety and depression allows for early diagnosis, referral, and treatment of these comorbidities for PWE, improving health outcomes. Mental health screening feasibility concerns have emerged in multiple clinical practices, challenging epilepsy clinics to adopt new practices. Design/Methods: We conducted a retrospective data analysis from the Electronics Health Record as part of a Quality Improvement initiative in two tertiary epilepsy clinics (Massachusetts General Hospital and Barrow Neurological Institute), comprising January 2019 to October 2022. PWE were offered patient-reported e-questionnaires to create a cohort based on the completion of depression (PHQ-9) and anxiety (GAD-7) screenings. We stratified the records by demographic measures and classified patients based on the severity of depression and anxiety. Moreover, we created a sub-cohort that includes only the records that met Seizure Freedom criteria and calculated the number of observations for Seizure Freedom about the severity of both depression and anxiety. Results: A total of 813 PWE offering depression and anxiety e-questionnaires were filtered, of which n=500 and n=94 completed PHQ-9 and GAD-7 questionnaires respectively, with a completion rate of 73%. For PHQ-9 completed patients, 54% had no/minimal depression, 20.2% mild depression, 13% moderate depression, and 12.8% severe depression. Most patients achieving seizure freedom were with no/minimal depression. For GAD-7 completed patients, 22.3 % had no/minimal anxiety, 19.2 % mild anxiety, 30.8 % moderate anxiety, and 27.7 % severe anxiety. Conclusions: Virtual routine screening is feasible in busy tertiary epilepsy clinics as part of care for PWE to identify psychiatric comorbidities, serving as a crucial tool to guide further treatment decisions. ER  - 
Association of interictal EEG findings in those with concomitant epileptic seizures and PNES$$$ Objective: To assess whether epileptics with EEG abnormalities in the right hemisphere have a higher rate of concomitant PNES. Background: PNES is classified as a functional neurological disorder (FND), however, more recently, various studies have attempted to elucidate structural, anatomical, or molecular alterations that might implicate certain regions of the brain in the development of functional disorders, like PNES. Design/Methods: We performed a retrospective chart review of patients ages 18-69 who were admitted to the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit at Parkland Hospital between the years 2016-2018. Information was abstracted from EEG reports of patients diagnosed with epileptic seizures (ES) and concomitant Psychogenic Non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and ES. The relationship between R-sided EEG abnormalities and a concomitant diagnosis of PNES was explored using odds ratios. Results: There were 140 patients with ES alone, and 47 patients with PNES+ES. The odds ratios for R-sided ictal, epileptiform interictal, and non-epileptiform interictal abnormalities on EEG were 1.044 [95% confidence interval(CI) (0.26, 4.15)], 2.652 [95% CI (0.97, 7.24)], and 4.769 [95% CI of (1.71, 13.27)], respectively. Conclusions: In patients with concomitant ES+PNES, there is a greater likelihood of finding R-sided ictal and interictal findings on EEG. Our findings support an association between R-sided interictal abnormalities and concomitant PNES in people having epilepsy, consistent with previous research suggesting R-sided neuroanatomical structures having a role in the development of PNES. Specifically, abnormal cortical function in neuroanatomical regions involved in emotion and delusion may be hypothesized to a mediate a relationship between PNES and the right hemisphere of the brain. ER  - 
A Study On The Quality Of Life And Psychiatric Comorbidities In Patients Of Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy In A Tertiary Care Center In North India$$$ Objective: To assess quality of life in patients with Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy with special emphasis on social, psychological, relationships and vocational aspects of life Objective:To screen and classify psychiatric co morbidities in patients with Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy Background: Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME) is exemplary of a well-defined age-related genetic epilepsy syndrome representing 5-11 % of all epilepsy cases & 3-11 % of all adolescent epilepsy cases. 74% of JME patients have at least one major marker of unfavorable social outcome. One of the contributing factors maybe the distinct personality profile such as unsteadiness, lack of discipline and an indifference to their disease. JME though usually well controlled, may adversely impact the Quality of Life. Design/Methods: This was an observational cross - sectional study carried out over a period of 18 months in a tertiary center at Delhi. Sample size was 50. Patients fulfilling the diagnostic criteria of Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy according to ILAE criteria 2001 were included in the study. They underwent a structured questionnaire to assess for the impact of JME on the Quality of Life. QOLIE-48 AD and QOLIE 31 P was used for adolescent and adult population respectively. Then they underwent M.I.N.I 7.0.2. Those testing positive for psychiatric disorders underwent DSM-5 categorization. Results: We found two important determinants of reduced Quality of Life in the adolescent patients - Physical Functioning [Mean score :57.36 ± 18.94] & Health perception [Mean score: 57.36 ± 18.94] respectively. Quality of Life -31 P score [Mean score: 62.29 ± 25.02] was fair in (37.21 %) of adults. Academic underachievement was seen in 1(2%), 1(2%) public gatherings, 2 (4%) expressed fear of breaking marriage . Anxiety was found in (10%) and depression in (6%). Conclusions: Anxiety and depression were the comorbid psychiatric disorders in the study population The concurrent presence of these comorbid conditions must be addressed to improve the quality of life. ER  - 
Investigation of anxiety, depression, and adjustment disorder in mothers of children with a seizure disorder in the Georgian population$$$ Objective: Our study aimed to investigate the prevalence of depression, anxiety, and adjustment disorder in mothers of children with seizure disorders and to find the risk factors contributing to developing these diseases. Background: Around fifty million people worldwide have a seizure disorder, making it one of the most common neurological diseases globally. Studies have shown that caregivers of patients often experience mental health issues. However, there are few studies about the risk factors contributing to mental and adjustment disorders in mothers of children with seizures leading to chronic depression. Design/Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted. Fifty-nine mothers of children with seizures aged 0-18 years were investigated in Georgia using questionnaires including information about sociodemographic, financial, and personal issues, as well as Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ9), General Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD7), and Adjustment Disorder-New Module-7 (ADNM7). Results: Out of fifty-nine participants, fifty-five had one or more mental disorders. 37/59 had depression, 16/59 had adjustment disorder and 45/59 had GAD. The most common risk factor was financial issues. GAD and depression had a strong association with lack of family support. Adjustment disorder was mainly associated with patients' mothers being aware of the disease before diagnosis. Stigma was primarily associated with depression, while conflicts within the family were associated with depression and adjustment disorder. Conclusions: Results of the study suggest that the most common risk factors causing mental distress are financial issues and lack of family support. This opens new avenues to develop preventive and management strategies for these diseases. ER  - 
Clinical, laboratory and neurological assessment of lithium toxicity in patients with bipolar disorders$$$ Background: Lithium was once the drug of choice for treating bipolar disorder. It has a low therapeutic efficacy and frequently appears in hazardous concentrations in clinical practice. It has been found that long-term lithium intoxication, which is caused by lithium gradually building up, is more common. The overwhelming majority of the symptoms are neurological; commonly, the mental state is disturbed and could even become coma-like. Aim: To measure the clinical, laboratory, and neurological changes of lithium toxicity in patients with bipolar disorder in correlation with these effects with periodic lithium level monitoring. Methods: In order to pinpoint individuals with euthymic BD based on various serum concentrations (<1.2, 1.2-3, and >3 mmol/L), the cohort research was carried out in Al Azhar New Damietta Hospital from September 1, 2022 to the end of January 2023. Disease was confirmed using the Young Mania Rating Scaling (YMRS) and the structured diagnostic examination for DSM-V axis I disorders. Demographic, clinical, and laboratory data were obtained for analysis. Results: The distribution of severe/moderate/mild neurological symptoms for the >3 mmol/L, 1.2– 3 mmol/L and <1.2 mmol/L groups were 0/10/40, 10/15/10 and 20/0/0 % respectively (p< 0.05). Cardiovascular symptoms appeared more common in patients receiving >3 mmol/L of lithium than those receiving 1.2–3 mmol/L and <1.2 mmol/L of lithium level (10% versus 5 and 0%, respectively p < 0.05). The blood urea nitrogen, creatinine and TSH levels significantly increased in severe toxic lithium level (>3 mmol/L, p<0.05). Conclusion: Participants receiving continuous lithium treatment should be closely watched for its toxicity and administered right away in the event of poisoning due to the outstanding results of detoxification programs. ER  - 
Does Lidocaine Shorten Seizure Duration in Electroconvulsive Therapy?$$$ Background Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective short-term treatment for schizophrenia and depression, amongst other disorders. Lidocaine is typically added to reduce pain from intravenous propofol injection. However, depending on the dose used in the ECT setting, it can shorten seizure duration. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of lidocaine dose on seizure duration. Methods This retrospective, naturalistic cohort study included 169 patients treated with ECT. We examined 4714 ECT sessions with propofol or propofol plus lidocaine. Ictal quality was manually rated by visual inspection. The main outcome of this study was the relation of lidocaine with seizure duration after controlling for socio-demographic, ECT, and other anesthetic variables. Results There was a significant negative association between lidocaine usage and seizure duration. Multivariate analyses showed that seizure duration was shortened by an average of 3.21 s in sessions with lidocaine. Moreover, in this subgroup, there was a significant negative dose-dependent association between lidocaine dose and seizure length. Complementarily, a significant positive association between preictal BIS and seizure length was found in the subgroup of sessions where preictal was used. Conclusions We provide additional evidence highlighting the importance of caution regarding lidocaine dosing due to the effect on seizure length in the ECT setting. It is advisable for clinicians to exercise caution when administering lidocaine regarding its dosing and seizure length in ECT settings. Future investigation is needed to assess causal relationships by studying certain vulnerable groups or employing other charge calculation techniques, such as the titration method. ER  - 
Association between Frailty and Antiseizure Medication Tolerability in Older Adults with Epilepsy$$$ Background and ObjectiveFrailty is an important aspect of biological aging, referring to the increased vulnerability of individuals with frailty to physical and psychological stressors. While older adults with epilepsy are an important and distinct clinical group, there are no data on frailty in this population. We hypothesize that frailty will correlate with the seizure frequency and especially the tolerability of antiseizure medications (ASMs) in older adults with epilepsy.MethodsWe recruited individuals aged 60 years or older with active epilepsy from 4 Canadian hospital centers. We reported the seizure frequency in the 3 months preceding the interview, while ASM tolerability was quantified using the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP). We applied 3 measures of frailty: grip strength as a measure of physical frailty, 1 self-reported score (Edmonton frail score [EFS]), and 1 scale completed by a healthcare professional (clinical frailty scale [CFS]). We also administered standardized questionnaires measuring levels of anxiety, depression, functional disability, and quality of life and obtained relevant clinical and demographic data.ResultsForty-Three women and 43 men aged 60-93 years were recruited, 87% of whom had focal epilepsy, with an average frequency of 3.4 seizures per month. Multiple linear regression and zero-inflated negative binomial regression models showed that EFS and CFS scores were associated with decreased ASM tolerability, each point increase leading to 1.83 (95% CI: 0.67-4.30) and 2.49 (95% CI: 1.27-2.39) point increases on the LAEP scale, respectively. Neither the EFS and CFS scores nor grip strength were significantly associated with seizure frequency. The EFS was moderately correlated with depression, anxiety, quality of life, and functional disability, demonstrating the best construct validity among the 3 tested measures of frailty.DiscussionThe EFS was significantly, both statistically and clinically, associated with ASM tolerability. It also showed multiple advantages in performance while assessing for frailty in older adults with epilepsy, when compared with the 2 other measures of frailty that we tested. Future studies must focus on what role the EFS during epilepsy diagnosis may play in ASM selection among older adults with epilepsy. ER  - 
Short-term transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation increases pupil size but does not affect EEG alpha power: A replication$$$ Background: Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) is a promising brain stimulation method for the treatment of pharmaco-resistant epilepsy and depression. Its clinical efficacy is thought to depend on taVNS-induced activation of the locus coeruleus. However, unlike for invasive VNS, there is little evidence for an effect of taVNS on noradrenergic activity. Objective: We attempted to replicate recently published findings by Sharon et al. (2021), showing that short bursts of taVNS transiently increased pupil size and decreased EEG alpha power, two correlates of central noradrenergic activity. Methods: Following the original study, we used a single-blind, sham-controlled, randomized crossover design. We applied short-term (3.4 s) taVNS in healthy human volunteers (n=29), while collecting resting-state pupil-size and EEG data. To analyze the data, we used scripts provided by Sharon and colleagues. Results: Consistent with Sharon et al. (2021), pupil dilation was significantly larger during taVNS than during sham stimulation (p = .009; Bayes factor supporting the difference = 7.45). However, we failed to replicate the effect of taVNS on EEG alpha power (p = .37); the data were four times more likely under the null hypothesis (BF10 = 0.28). Conclusion: Our findings support the effectiveness of short-term taVNS in inducing transient pupil dilation, a correlate of phasic noradrenergic activity. However, we failed to replicate the recent finding by Sharon et al. (2021) that taVNS attenuates EEG alpha activity. Overall, this study highlights the need for continued research on the neural mechanisms underlying taVNS efficacy and its potential as a treatment option for pharmaco-resistant conditions. It also highlights the need for direct replications of influential taVNS studies. ER  - 
CANNABIS AND CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE$$$ Background Cannabis is the most widely used illicit drug in the United States and is now being legalized in several states for recreational use. However, its use has been associated with medical complications. Methods Annually, almost one million inpatient cases in the United States have documentation of cannabis use as per our analysis of the Nationwide Readmission Database (NRD) for 2016-2019. Age distribution [5th, 50th, and 95th percentiles are approximately 18, 35, and 65 years, respectively] is bimodal and has the highest frequency peaks at 27 years. Therefore, we extracted all 18- to 35-year-old patients, excluding December discharges. We compared baseline characteristics and comorbidities among cannabis users (CU) and non-cannabis users (NCU). Appropriate analyses were applied using SAS 9.4 Results We identified 5,044,125 weighted admissions in 2019. Most admissions (93%) were NCU, and 366,104 (7%) were CU. NCU comprised 80% females and 59% older than 27 years. CU included 53% males, and 51% were younger than 27 years (p<0.0001). CU had longer hospitalizations and higher rates of leaving against advice (5.6% vs. 2%) and subsequently more readmissions (12.4% vs. 7.8%) in comparison to NCU (p<0.001). The most common reason for CU admissions was psychiatric illness (mood, psychotic, and substance use disorders), with a higher prevalence of tobacco (53% vs. 15%) and other substance abuse (70% vs. 6%). Marijuana use was associated with higher rates of hypertension, seizures, acute kidney injury, liver disease, pancreatitis, malnutrition, acute stroke, respiratory failure, heart failure, and pericarditis. Also, CU had higher odds of cardiac arrhythmias and acute myocardial infarction. However, the latter association was no longer statistically significant after adjusting for tobacco and other substance abuse. Conclusion We found cannabis use to be associated with serious health conditions. Because most of the available data on cannabis use is short-term, observational, and retrospective studies, rigorous scientific research is needed to examine causal linkages to cannabis use and its health effects, especially as the legal availability of cannabis grows across states. ER  - 
Hong Kong poison information centre: Annual report 2020$$$ Background: The Hong Kong Poison Information Centre has provided consultation service to healthcare professionals and collected epidemiological data on poisoning in Hong Kong since 2005. Objective: To analyse and report the poisoning data of Hong Kong Poison Information Centre in 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic. Methods: A retrospective review of all poisoning cases recorded in the Poison Information and Clinical Management System of Hong Kong Poison Information Centre in 2020. Results: A total of 3633 poisoning cases were analysed. Compared to 2019 (pre-COVID era), there was a reduction of ~10% of total poisoning cases recorded (383 cases), with a majority (> 90%) of reduction from poisoning cases with no clinical effect (353 cases). A greater proportion of reduction was observed among the children (0–12 years), patients with general unintentional poisoning, poisoning due to therapeutic error and food poisoning. An increased number of cases was noted from abusive use, adverse herb/proprietary Chinese medicine reaction and poisoning related to household bleaches. Teenage (13–19 years) poisoning seemed to be unaffected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the previously observed increasing trend continued (up to 11.8% of total poisoning cases this year). Despite a total reduction in poisoning cases recorded, the number of deaths increased by 37% from 35 in 2019 to 48 in 2020 (mortality rate 1.5%). A total of seven interesting cases were discussed. Conclusion: This 15th annual report provides updated epidemiological information on poisoning patterns in Hong Kong during the COVID-19 pandemic. It also highlighted important changes and possible effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on poisoning in Hong Kong in comparison with our previous reports. ER  - 
Annual Days With a Health Care Encounter for Children and Youth Enrolled in Medicaid: A Multistate Analysis$$$ Objective: To assess the number of days that children experienced a health care encounter and associations between chronic condition types and health care encounters. Methods: Retrospective analysis of data from 5,082,231 children ages 0 to 18 years enrolled in Medicaid during 2017 in 12 US states contained in the IBM Watson Marketscan Medicaid Database. We counted and categorized enrollees’ encounter days, defined as unique days a child had a health care visit, by type of health service. We used International Classification of Disease-10 diagnosis code categories from Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality's Chronic Condition Indicator System to identify chronic mental and physical health conditions. Results: Median (interquartile range [IQR]) annual encounter days was 6 (2–13). Children in the 91st to 98th and ≥99th percentiles for encounter days experienced a median of 49 (IQR 38–70) and 229 (IQR 181, 309) days, respectively; these children accounted for 52.6% of days for the cohort. As encounter days increased from the 25th to >90th percentile, the percentage of children with co-existing mental and physical health conditions increased from <0.1% to 47.4% (P < .001). Outpatient visits accounted for a total of 68.3% and 62.2% of days for children the 91st to 98th and ≥99th percentiles. Conclusion: Ten percent of children enrolled in Medicaid averaged health care encounters at least 1 day per week; 1% experienced health care encounters on most weekdays. Further investigation is needed to understand how families perceive frequent health care encounters, including how to facilitate their children's care in the most feasible way. ER  - 
Conversion between the Montreal Cognitive Assessment and the Mini-Mental Status Examination$$$ Background: Early and accurate detection of cognitive changes using simple tools is essential for an appropriate referral to a more detailed neurocognitive assessment and for the implementation of therapeutic strategies. The Mini-Mental Status Examination (MMSE) and the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) are two commonly used psychometric tests for cognitive screening. Both tests have different strengths and weaknesses. Preferences regarding test selection may therefore differ among clinicians. The aim of this retrospective observational cohort study was to define corresponding scores for the MMSE and the MoCA. Methods: We examined the relationship between the cognitive screening tests in 803 German-speaking Memory Clinic outpatients, encompassing a wide range of neurocognitive disorders. We produced a conversion table using the equipercentile equating method with log-linear smoothing. In addition, we conducted a systematic review of existing MMSE-MoCA conversions to create a table allowing for the conversion of MoCA scores into MMSE scores and vice versa using the weighted mean method. Results: The Memory Clinic sample showed that the prediction of MMSE to MoCA was overall less accurate compared to the conversion from MoCA to MMSE. The 19 studies included after thorough literature search showed that MoCA scores were consistently lower than MMSE scores. Eleven of 19 conversion studies had addressed the conversion of the MoCA to the MMSE, while two studies converted MMSE to MoCA scores. Another six studies applied bi-directional conversions. We provide an easy-to-use table covering the entire range of scores and taking into account all currently existing conversion formulas. Conclusion: The comprehensive MMSE-MoCA conversion table enables a direct comparison of cognitive test scores at screening examinations and over the course of disease in patients with neurocognitive disorders. ER  - 
Clinical manifestations of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in children: Experiences from a single center$$$ Background: This study aimed to determine the clinical features of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and to enhance the accuracy of the differential diagnosis of epilepsy. Methods: This retrospective case series included patients diagnosed with PNES between December 2003 and February 2019 at Taipei Veterans General Hospital. We used International Classification of Diseases (10th revision) codes for screening, and relevant medical records were reviewed. Experienced pediatric neurologists diagnosed PNES based on clinical manifestations, and occasionally on confirmatory video-electroencephalography (EEG) or simultaneous scalp-EEG during the paroxysmal attack. General information, clinical manifestations, psychological conditions, and relevant laboratory or imaging test results were collected and analyzed. Results: Twenty-six patients (mean age, 13 years 8 months) were evaluated, 9 male and 17 female. Ten patients with PNES had a previously established diagnosis of epilepsy. The duration between symptom onset and diagnosis ranged from 1 to 120 (mean, 21; median, 12) days. Sixteen patients showed possible causative psychosocial stressors. Multiple characteristic features or specific clinical manifestations of PNES—that usually differ from epileptic seizures—were observed in all patients with PNES. Conclusion: A detailed evaluation of clinical manifestations and medical history is important for the accurate diagnosis of PNES. ER  - 
Neuropathological Insights into Unexpected Cognitive Decline in Epilepsy$$$ Objective: Some patients unexpectedly display an unfavorable cognitive course after epilepsy surgery subsequent to any direct cognitive sequelae of the surgical treatment. Therefore, we conducted in-depth neuropathological examinations of resective specimens from corresponding patients to provide insights as to the underlying disease processes. Methods: In this study, cases with significant cognitive deterioration following a previous postoperative assessment were extracted from the neuropsychological database of a longstanding epilepsy surgical program. An extensive reanalysis of available specimens was performed using current, state-of-the-art neuropathological examinations. Patients without cognitive deterioration but matched in regard to basic pathologies served as controls. Results: Among the 355 operated patients who had undergone more than one postoperative neuropsychological examination, 30 (8%) showed significant cognitive decline in the period after surgery. Of the 24 patients with available specimens, 71% displayed further neuropathological changes in addition to the typical spectrum (ie, hippocampal sclerosis, focal cortical dysplasias, vascular lesions, and low-grade tumors), indicating (1) a secondary, putatively epilepsy-independent neurodegenerative disease process; (2) limbic inflammation; or (3) the enigmatic pathology pattern of "hippocampal gliosis" without segmental neurodegeneration. In the controls, the matched individual principal epilepsy-associated pathologies were not found in combination with the secondary pathology patterns of the study group. Interpretation: Our findings indicate that patients who unexpectedly displayed unfavorable cognitive development beyond any direct surgical effects show rare and very particular pathogenetic causes or parallel, presumably independent, neurodegenerative alterations. A multicenter collection of such cases would be appreciated to discern presurgical biomarkers that help with surgical decision-making. ANN NEUROL 2023;93:536–550. ER  - 
Expansion of the clinical and molecular spectrum of WWOX-related epileptic encephalopathy$$$ WWOX biallelic loss-of-function pathogenic single nucleotide variants (SNVs) and copy number variants (CNVs) including exonic deletions and duplications cause WWOX-related epileptic encephalopathy (WOREE) syndrome. This disorder is characterized by refractory epilepsy, axial hypotonia, peripheral hypertonia, progressive microcephaly, and premature death. Here we report five patients with WWOX biallelic predicted null variants identified by exome sequencing (ES), genome sequencing (GS), and/or chromosomal microarray analysis (CMA). SNVs and intragenic deletions of one or more exons were commonly reported in WOREE syndrome patients which made the genetic diagnosis challenging and required a combination of different diagnostic technologies. These patients presented with severe, developmental and epileptic encephalopathy (DEE), and other cardinal features consistent with WOREE syndrome. This report expands the clinical phenotype associated with this condition, including failure to thrive in most patients and epilepsy that responded to a ketogenic diet in three patients. Dysmorphic features and abnormal prenatal findings were not commonly observed. Additionally, recurrent pancreatitis and sensorineural hearing loss each were observed in single patients. In summary, these phenotypic features broaden the clinical spectrum of WOREE syndrome. ER  - 
Relationship between the EULAR/ACR classification criteria and organ damage in systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Objectives: To study the relationship between the 2019 EULAR/ACR classification criteria and organ damage in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods: Patients involved in a cross-sectional validation study of the EULAR/ACR criteria and judged by a panel of rheumatologists to be clinical SLE were studied. Those who fulfilled the EULAR/ACR criteria at their last clinic visit were stratified into 2 groups based on a cutoff score of 20. The last SLE International Collaborating Clinic (SLICC) Organ Damage Index (SDI) was compared between these two groups. Relationship among the domains of the EULAR/ACR criteria and SDI in all patients was studied by using Spearman’s rank correlation. Results: A total of 562 SLE patients were studied (93.6% women; age 36.5 ± 14.1 years; follow-up duration 11.6 ± 6.6 years). The mean and median EULAR/ACR criteria scores in those who fulfilled the EULAR/ACR criteria (N = 542) were 24.6 ± 7.3 and 24 (interquartile range 19–30), respectively. A total of 392 patients had EULAR/ACR scores of ≥20 (group 1), and 150 patients had scores of 10–19 (group 2). Group 1 patients had significantly higher prevalence of fever, alopecia, oral ulcers, acute lupus skin lesions, arthritis, serositis, seizure, hemolytic anemia, leukopenia, and renal disease and so were the anti-dsDNA, anti-Sm, antiphospholipid antibodies, and low complement state. Organ damage (SDI score of ≥1) occurred in 232 (42.8%) patients. Patients in group 1 had significantly higher SDI scores in the renal, cardiovascular, dermatological, and gonadal domains than group 2. The renal, neuropsychiatric, and antiphospholipid antibody domain scores of the EULAR/ACR criteria correlated positively with the total SDI. The renal domain of the EULAR/ACR criteria had the strongest correlation with renal damage (Rho 0.30; p < 0.001). Patients who scored 10 points in the renal domain had significantly higher renal damage score than those scored 8 points or 4 points. Gonadal damage score was also significantly more common in the 10-point than in the 8-point group. Conclusion: In addition to disease classification, the EULAR/ACR SLE criteria may have value in predicting prognosis. ER  - 
How patients' psycho-social profiles contribute to decision-making in epilepsy surgery: A prospective study$$$ Objective: Identifying factors associated with surgical decision-making is important to understand reasons for underutilization of epilepsy surgery. Neurologists' recommendations for surgery and patients' acceptance of these recommendations depend on clinical epilepsy variables, for example, lateralization and localization of seizure onset zones. Moreover, previous research shows associations with demographic factors, for example, age and sex. Here, we investigate the relevance of patients' psycho-social profile for surgical decision-making. Methods: We prospectively studied 296 patients from two large German epilepsy centers. Multiple logistic regression analyses were used to investigate variables linked to neurologists' recommendations for and patients' acceptance of surgery or intracranial video-electroencephalographic monitoring. Patients' psycho-social profiles were assessed via self-reports and controlled for various clinical–demographic variables. Model selection was performed using the Akaike information criterion. Results: As expected, models for neurologists' surgery recommendations primarily revealed clinical factors such as lateralization and localization of the seizure onset zone, load with antiseizure medication (ASM), and site of the epilepsy-center. For this outcome, employment was the only relevant psycho-social aspect (odds ratio [OR] =.38, 95% confidence interval [CI] =.13–1.11). In contrast, three of the five relevant predictors for patients' acceptance were psycho-social. Higher odds were found for those with more subjective ASM adverse events (OR = 1.04, 95% CI =.99–1.00), more subjective seizure severity (OR = 1.12, 95% CI = 1.01–1.24), and lower subjective cognitive impairment (OR =.98, 95% CI =.96–1.00). Significance: We demonstrated the relevance of the patients' psycho-social profile for decision-making in epilepsy surgery, particularly for patients' decisions. Thus, in addition to clinical–demographic variables, patients' individual psycho-social characteristics add to the understanding of surgical decision-making. From a clinical perspective, this calls for individually tailored counseling to assist patients in finding the optimal treatment option. ER  - 
Prospective multicenter cohort study of possible psychogenic nonepileptic seizure cases—Results at 1-year follow-up examinations$$$ Objective: The primary purpose of this prospective multicenter study was to examine clinical and demographic feature differences according to the diagnostic level of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and then clarify whether prognosis may also differ accordingly. Methods: Two hundred forty-two consecutive patients strongly suspected of having PNES attacks were invited to participate, of whom 52 did not consent or contact was lost. At the 1-year follow-up examination, PNES diagnosis was reconsidered in nine patients. In 96 patients, the diagnostic level remained the same (P-group), with that in 43 considered to be clinically established (CE-group) and in 42 documented (D-group). The Qolie-10 and NDDI-E questionnaires were examined at both the study entry and the follow-up examination. Results: Multiple regression analysis of quality of life (QoL) score (n = 173; R2 = 0.374; F = 7.349; P < 0.001) revealed NDDI-E score (t = −6.402; P < 0.001), age of PNES onset (t = −3.026; P = 0.003), and ethnic minority status (t = 3.068; P = 0.003) as significant contributors. At entry, the P-group showed the lowest PNES attack frequency (P < 0.000), the lowest rate of antiseizure, antidepressant, and antipsychotic medication (P < 0.000; P = 0.031; P = 0.013, respectively), and the lowest proportion of psychosis (P = 0.046). At follow-up, PNES attack frequency (P < 0.000), number of admittances to emergency room (P < 0.000), and scores for QoL (P < 0.000) as well as depression (P = 0.004) were found to be significantly improved together with other collateral indicators, such as rate of antiseizure medication prescription (P = 0.001) and psychiatric symptoms (P = 0.03). Multiple regression analysis of a sample limited to patients with intellectual disability (ID) (n = 44; R2 = 0.366; F = 4.493; P = 0.002) revealed continued psychotherapy at follow-up (t = 2.610, P = 0.013) and successful reduction in antiseizure medication (t = 2.868; P = 0.007) as positively related with improved QoL. Significance: Clinical and the socio-psychological constellation of possible, clinically established, and documented PNES were found to differ greatly. Unexpectedly, significant effects of the continuous psychotherapeutic intervention were confirmed in PNES patients with ID. ER  - 
Disclosing an Invisible Disability During a Romantic Relationship: Schizophrenia and Epilepsy$$$ This study aims to examine the effect of disclosing an invisible disability on the partner’s willingness to continue a relationship, as a function of the type of disability disclosed, the timing of its disclosure, gender, and the negative affects the disclosure aroused. A total of 311 college students without disabilities read a randomized scenario in which the subject of the evaluation was exposed to the partner’s invisible disability, and then completed the Positive and Negative Affect Schedule to measure the subject of evaluation's affects following the disclosure. Finally, participants rated the subject of evaluation’s degree of willingness to continue the relationship. The associations among variables were analyzed using a “moderated moderated” mediation model in an SPSS macro named PROCESS. Differences in negative affect as a function of gender were observed, such that women reported higher negative affect than men. The negative affects aroused by the disclosure mediated the relationship between the type of invisible disability disclosed and the partner’s willingness to continue the relationship. Among women, only the timing of the disclosure was a moderator in the association between the type of disability, negative affect, and willingness to continue the relationship. Our findings provide evidence expanding our understanding of how self-disclosure may impact the formation of romantic relationships among people with disabilities. Results also highlight the need to empower individuals with disabilities and support their natural need to establish intimate relationships, leading the way for social inclusion. ER  - 
Epilepsy severity mediates association between mutation type and ADHD symptoms in tuberous sclerosis complex$$$ The association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is widely reported, with support for the role of epilepsy, yet the mechanisms underlying the association across development are unclear. The Tuberous Sclerosis 2000 Study is a prospective longitudinal study of TSC. In Phase 1 of the study, baseline measures of epilepsy, cortical tuber load, and mutation were obtained with 125 children ages 0–16 years. In Phase 2, at an average of 8 years later, ADHD symptoms were measured for 81 of the participants. Structural equation modeling revealed an indirect pathway from genetic mutation, to cortical tuber load, to epileptic spasm severity in infancy, to ADHD symptoms in middle childhood and adolescence, in addition to a pathway linking current seizure severity to ADHD symptoms. Findings were retained when intelligence quotient (IQ) was entered as a correlated factor. The findings support a cascading developmental pathway to ADHD symptoms mediated by early-onset and severe epilepsy in the first 2 years of life. This warrants detailed investigation of seizure characteristics and cognitive and behavioral sequelae associated with ADHD from early in life, to further the understanding of the association between ADHD and early-onset epilepsy across syndromic and non-syndromic populations. ER  - 
Comorbidity among inpatients with dementia: a preliminary cross-sectional study in West China$$$ Objective: To investigate comorbidities among hospitalized patients with dementia. Method: Data were extracted from the discharge records in our hospital. Comorbidities based on ICD-10 were selected from the Charlson Comorbidity Index (CCI) and Elixhauser Comorbidity Index (ECI). The distributions of these comorbidities were described in dementia inpatients and age- and sex-matched nondementia controls, as well as in inpatients with Alzheimer’s disease and vascular dementia. A logistic regression model was applied to identify dementia-specific morbid conditions. Results: A total of 3355 patients with dementia were included, with a majority of 1503 (44.8%) having Alzheimer's disease, 395 (11.8%) with vascular dementia, and 441 (13.1%) with mixed dementia. The mean number of comorbidities was 3.8 in dementia patients (vs. 2.9 in controls). The most prevalent comorbidities in inpatients with dementia compared with those without dementia were cerebral vascular disease (73.0% vs. 35.9%), hypertension (62.8% vs. 56.2%), and peripheral vascular disease (53.7% vs. 31.2%). Comorbidities associated with dementia included epilepsy (OR 4.8, 95% CI 3.5–6.8), cerebral vascular disease (OR 4.1, 95% CI 3.7–4.5), depression (OR 4.0, 95% CI 3.2–5.0), uncomplicated diabetes (OR 1.5, 95% CI 1.4–1.7), peripheral vascular disease (OR 1.8, 95% CI 1.6–2.0), rheumatoid arthritis collagen vascular disease (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.3–2.3), and anemia (OR 1.2, 95% CI 1.04–1.3). Some comorbidities suggested a protective effect against dementia. They were hypertension (OR 0.8, 95% CI 0.7–0.9), COPD (OR 0.6, 95% CI 0.5–0.6), and solid tumor without metastasis (OR 0.4, 95% CI 0.3–0.4). Vascular dementia has more cardiovascular and cerebrovascular comorbidities than Alzheimer's disease. Conclusion: Patients with dementia coexisted with more comorbidities than those without dementia. Comorbidities (esp. cardio-cerebral vascular risks) in patients with vascular dementia were more than those in patients with AD. Specifically, vascular and circulatory diseases, epilepsy, diabetes and depression increased the risk of dementia. ER  - 
Steroid hormone pathways, vitamin D and autism: a systematic review$$$ The origins of the male preponderance in autism incidence remain unclear. The idea that perinatal factors associated with sex differentiation (e.g., steroid hormone pathways) may increase the possibility of the emergence of autism is complementary to the hypothesis that female individuals are intrinsically less likely to develop autism. Empirical evidence for the mechanistic roles of in utero steroid hormones in autism etiology is accumulating but inconsistent. We conducted a systematic review using rigorous criteria for the measurements of steroids and vitamin D exposure, to summarize the potential contributing roles of prenatal and early postnatal steroids and vitamin D alterations to the emergence of autism. We searched PubMed, PsychInfo, Scopus, and included 22 studies for qualitative synthesis. Among them, six studies examined the association of autism diagnoses in offspring and levels of steroids and precursor steroid hormones in the fetal environment, eight studies examined the associations between autism and maternal and fetal blood vitamin D levels during pregnancy and at birth, and eight studies examined the associations between offspring autism diagnoses and maternal hyperandrogenemia diagnosed before pregnancy. We identified promising and complex results regarding the relations between steroid metabolism and autism. The interpretation of findings was limited by the mostly observational study designs, insufficient investigation of the effects of offspring sex, confounders and their cumulative effects on the development of the child, and unclear impact of the timing of steroids exposure and their effects on fetal neurodevelopment. ER  - 
The Burden of Caring for Individuals with Tuberous Sclerosis Complex (TSC) Who Experience Epileptic Seizures: A Descriptive UK Survey$$$ Introduction: Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is a rare multisystem genetic condition characterised by benign tumours; prevalent manifestations include epilepsy and neuropsychiatric disorders. This study examined the burden of TSC for primary caregivers and families, exploring the impact of characteristics such as seizures. Methods: Primary caregivers of individuals with TSC in the United Kingdom participated in an online survey, comprising the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory™ Family Impact Module, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), and TSC-specific items. Responses were analysed using descriptive and regression analysis statistics (closed-ended) or qualitative content analysis (open-ended). Results: Seventy-three participants partially completed and 59 fully completed the survey; 95% were female, and 90% were parents of an individual with TSC. A median (range) of 2 (1–11) household members were carers. Primary caregivers spent a mean (standard deviation [SD]) of 104.3 (51.7) hours caring in the previous week, reporting high mean (SD) HADS scores of 11.2 (4.8) (anxiety) and 7.9 (4.4) (depression) and considerable family burden. Increased seizure frequency increased hours spent caring by primary caregivers (p = 0.01) and was associated with a decreased mean (SD) family functioning score of 46.2 (23.0) and parent health-related quality of life (HRQL) score of 45.4 (20.3) (both p = 0.03). Multivariable models predicted intellectual disability increased hours spent caring by primary caregivers (p = 0.01–0.04), and neuropsychiatric comorbidities decreased family functioning (p = 0.02) and caregiver HRQL (p < 0.01). Conclusion: These findings highlight the role of epileptic seizures and neuropsychiatric disorders in the considerable burden of TSC on primary caregivers and families. ER  - 
Vorasidenib and ivosidenib in IDH1-mutant low-grade glioma: a randomized, perioperative phase 1 trial$$$ Vorasidenib and ivosidenib inhibit mutant forms of isocitrate dehydrogenase (mIDH) and have shown preliminary clinical activity against mIDH glioma. We evaluated both agents in a perioperative phase 1 trial to explore the mechanism of action in recurrent low-grade glioma (IGG) and select a molecule for phase 3 testing. Primary end-point was concentration of d-2-hydroxyglutarate (2-HG), the metabolic product of mIDH enzymes, measured in tumor tissue from 49 patients with mIDH1-R132H nonenhancing gliomas following randomized treatment with vorasidenib (50 mg or 10 mg once daily, q.d.), ivosidenib (500 mg q.d. or 250 mg twice daily) or no treatment before surgery. Tumor 2-HG concentrations were reduced by 92.6% (95% credible interval (CrI), 76.1–97.6) and 91.1% (95% CrI, 72.0–97.0) in patients treated with vorasidenib 50 mg q.d. and ivosidenib 500 mg q.d., respectively. Both agents were well tolerated and follow-up is ongoing. In exploratory analyses, 2-HG reduction was associated with increased DNA 5-hydroxymethylcytosine, reversal of ‘proneural’ and ‘stemness’ gene expression signatures, decreased tumor cell proliferation and immune cell activation. Vorasidenib, which showed brain penetrance and more consistent 2-HG suppression than ivosidenib, was advanced to phase 3 testing in patients with mIDH LGGs. Funded by Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Servier Pharmaceuticals LLC; ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT03343197. ER  - 
Channeling of New Neuropsychiatric Drugs—Impact on Safety and Effectiveness Studies$$$ This study aimed to examine differential prescribing due to channeling and propensity score non-overlap over time in new versus established treatments for common neurological conditions. We conducted cross-sectional analyses on a national sample of US commercially insured adults using 2005–2019 data. We compared new users of recently approved versus established medications for management of diabetic peripheral neuropathy (pregabalin versus gabapentin), Parkinson disease psychosis (pimavanserin versus quetiapine), and epilepsy (brivaracetam versus levetiracetam). Within these drug pairs, we compared demographic, clinical, and healthcare utilization characteristics of recipients of each drug. In addition, we fit yearly propensity score models for each condition and assessed propensity score non-overlap over time. For all three drug pairs, users of the more recently approved medications more frequently had prior treatment (pregabalin = 73.9%, gabapentin = 38.7%; pimavanserin = 41.1%, quetiapine = 14.0%; brivaracetam = 93.4%, levetiracetam = 32.1%). Propensity score non-overlap and its resulting sample loss after trimming were the greatest in the first year that the more recently approved medication was available (diabetic peripheral neuropathy, 12.4% non-overlap; Parkinson disease psychosis, 6.1%; epilepsy, 43.2%) and subsequently improved. Newer neuropsychiatric therapies appear to be channeled to individuals with refractory disease or intolerance to other treatments, leading to potential confounding and biased comparative effectiveness and safety study findings when compared to established treatments. Propensity score non-overlap should be reported in comparative studies that include newer medications. When studies comparing newer and established treatments are critically needed as soon as new treatments enter the market, investigators should recognize the potential for channeling bias and implement methodological approaches like those demonstrated in this study to understand and improve this issue in such studies. ER  - 
Neuropathology of Central and Peripheral Nervous System Lymphoma in Dogs and Cats: A Study of 92 Cases and Review of the Literature$$$ The literature about nervous system lymphoma (NSL) in dogs and cats is fragmentary, based on a few case series and case reports with heterogeneous results. The aim of our study was to retrospectively analyze 45 cases of canine and 47 cases of feline NSL and compare our results with previously reported data, also providing an extensive literature review. Breed, age, gender, clinical signs, type, and neurolocalization were recorded for each case. The pathological patterns and phenotype were assessed by histopathology and immunohistochemistry. The occurrence of central and peripheral NSL was similar between the two species in both primary and secondary types. NSL occurred with a slightly higher prevalence in Labrador Retrievers, and spinal cord lymphoma (SCL) was associated with young age in cats. The most frequent locations were the forebrain in dogs and the thoracolumbar segment in cats. Primary central nervous system lymphoma (CNSL) in cats most frequently involved the forebrain meninges, particularly as a B-cell phenotype. Peripheral NSL mostly affected the sciatic nerve in dogs and had no preferred location in cats. Nine different pathological patterns were identified, with extradural as the most prevalent SCL pattern in both species. Finally, lymphomatosis cerebri was described for the first time in a dog. ER  - 
Factors Contributing to Risk of Persistence of Positive and Negative Symptoms in Schizophrenia during Hospitalization$$$ The aim of the study was to evaluate factors that may contribute to the persistence of positive, negative and other psychopathological symptoms of schizophrenia. All patients were treated in general psychiatric wards between January 2006 and December 2017. The initial study sample comprised of the medical reports of 600 patients. The main, specified inclusion criterion for the study was schizophrenia as a discharge diagnosis. Medical reports of 262 patients were excluded from the study due to no neuroimaging scans being available. The symptoms were categorised into three groups: positive, negative, and other psychopathological symptoms. The statistical analysis comprised modalities such as demographic data, clinical symptoms, as well as neuroimaging scans linking them to a potential impact of sustaining the mentioned groups of symptoms during the period of hospitalization. The analysis revealed that statistically significant risk factors of persistence of the three groups of symptoms are the elderly age, the increasing toll of hospitalizations, suicidal attempts in medical history, a family history of alcohol abuse, the presence of positive, negative and other psychopathological symptoms on admission to the hospital, as well as the absence of cavum septi pellucidi (CSP). The study showed that addiction to psychotropic drugs and a family history of schizophrenia were more frequent in patients with persistent CSP. ER  - 
Risk of Developing Seizures in Children With Abnormal EEG Findings During Polysomnography$$$ Background: Polysomnography (PSG) utilizes abbreviated electroencephalogram (EEG) to stage sleep. The aim of this study was to determine whether epileptiform abnormalities on this limited EEG coverage correlated with abnormalities on routine EEG (rEEG) and an increased risk for seizures in children without a prior diagnosis of epilepsy. Methods: A six-year retrospective chart review was performed assessing children with abnormalities on EEG during PSG. Children who underwent subsequent rEEG were included; children with a prior diagnosis of seizures were excluded. The main outcome measures were rEEG results and subsequent diagnosis of epilepsy. Results: A total of 67 children met inclusion criteria. Average age was six years, and 43 (64%) were male. rEEG was normal in 16 (24%). Epileptiform abnormalities were focal in 36 (54%), generalized in eight (12%), and mixed in five (8%). An additional two (3%) had slow background rhythm without epileptiform discharges. Thirty-one patients had neurology clinic follow-up with an average duration of 31 months (range 4 to 65 months). Of these, nine (29%) developed seizures, including all three with generalized epileptiform discharges, four of 19 (21%) with focal epileptiform discharges, and two of five (40%) with mixed epileptiform discharges or background slowing. None of the four patients with a normal rEEG had seizures. Eight of the nine patients with seizures were treated with antiepileptic drugs. Conclusions: Children with no history of seizures found to have abnormal EEG during PSG are likely to have an abnormal rEEG. Additionally, they have an increased risk for developing seizures. ER  - 
Childhood experiences and needs of offspring living with paternal and maternal severe mental illness: A retrospective study in China$$$ Objective: Parental mental illness is considered one of the strongest risk factors for the development of children. This study aimed to describe the adverse childhood experiences and needs of offspring living with parental severe mental illness (SMI) in China and to compare the differences in needs between offspring living with maternal SMI and those living with paternal SMI. Method: Overall, 381 participants, including 76 living with paternal SMI, 104 living with maternal SMI, and 201 living without parental mental illness, were enrolled. Data were collected using questionnaires from five sites in China. Differences among the three groups were compared using analysis of variance and chi-square test. Factors were extracted using exploratory factor analysis, and differences in factor scores between the paternal and maternal SMI groups were compared using the rank sum test. Results: The percentages of poverty, family care, and housework were significantly higher in the paternal SMI group and maternal SMI group, compared with the control group, and those of school dropout and relationship with friends were significantly higher in the maternal SMI group (p < 0.0167). The need for stigma reduction in the maternal SMI group was significantly higher than that in the paternal SMI group (p = 0.015). Conclusion: Our findings highlight the importance of considering the impact of maternal and paternal SMI on child development. There is an urgent need to develop a national program to assist families with mentally ill parents to provide services for children living with parental SMI. ER  - 
Outcomes for the apparent life-threatening event infant$$$ Aim: To examine the outcome for apparent life-threatening event infants and the determining factors for that outcome. Methods: A retrospective review of 903 infants (0–12 months of age) presenting to the pediatric wards at Christchurch Hospital between 1985 and 1996 with events characterized by some combination of apnoea, change in color, and muscle tone. Events, resulting in 1088 admissions, were classified from medical record review according to the severity and underlying conditions, with risk factors and long-term outcomes examined. Results: The severity of events was reduced with implementing sudden infant death syndrome recommendations regarding the risk of prone sleeping. There were no sudden infant death syndrome deaths on home apnoea monitoring. Five apparent life-threatening event infants, not referred for home apnoea monitoring, subsequently died of sudden infant death syndrome. Two infants died and one suffered significant hypoxic insult when apnoea monitoring was interrupted under the age of 4 months. Asthma and neurodevelopmental conditions appeared to be over-represented subsequently in the apparent life-threatening event group. Conclusion: Identifying apparent life-threatening event infants at risk of sudden infant death syndrome lacked specificity. The use of apnoea home monitoring appeared protective in this cohort, but safe sleeping practices remained central for reducing sudden infant death syndrome risk. ER  - 
Anticonvulsant fatalities reported to the American Association of Poison Control Centers 2000 - 2019$$$ Background: Anticonvulsants are frequently prescribed, and exposures are commonly reported to American Association of Poison Control Centers sites. The purpose of this study was to describe the epidemiology of fatalities associated with oral anticonvulsant use, including patient demographics, specific medications, and the circumstances surrounding the deaths. Methods: This was a retrospective analysis of cases coded with oral anticonvulsants as a single substance and associated with a fatal outcome reported to the AAPCC National Poison Data System from 2000 to 2019. Polydrug ingestions and parenteral exposures were excluded. Patient characteristics, circumstances of the ingestion, specific medication, and chronicity of use were described. Results: We identified 126 cases that were classified as fatalities associated with single anticonvulsant use. The five most implicated anticonvulsants were carbamazepine, gabapentin, lamotrigine, phenytoin, and valproic acid. The majority (68.3%) of fatal cases were suicides. Phenytoin was implicated in eight (89%) adverse reactions and seven (70%) therapeutic errors. Valproic acid caused one (11.1%) adverse reaction and was associated with one (10%) therapeutic error. Three (75%) unintentional fatalities were caused by carbamazepine. The plurality (42.1%) of fatal ingestions occurred in acute-on-chronic use. An additional 40 (31.7%) were acute. Chronic use accounted for 15 (11.9%) of fatal exposures, including 5/10 of fatalities attributed to therapeutic error. The chronicity of medication use was unknown in 18 (14.3%) of fatal ingestions. Narrative summaries were available in 14 cases. Four of the patients presented to the emergency department with minimal symptoms. The other 10 had varying degrees of central nervous system (CNS) depression. Seizures were observed in six cases. Hyperammonemia was reported in seven of nine valproic acid ingestions. Conclusions: Fatalities associated with isolated anticonvulsant use are uncommon and typically occur following intentional overdoses. Fatal adverse reactions and therapeutic errors are most associated with phenytoin use and disproportionately affect elderly patients. ER  - 
PARK2 Microdeletion or Duplications Have Been Implicated in Different Neurological Disorders Including Early Onset Parkinson Disease$$$ The PARK2 gene is located on 6q26, encodes ubiquitin-E3- ligase, and is a transcriptional repressor of p53. It contains 12 exons. PARK2 copy number variants has been reported in various types of neurodevelopmental disorders, namely schizophrenia, Parkinson’s disease (PD), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). In this retrospective study, nine cases (five with microdeletion and four with microduplication) are reported with 6q26 deletion disrupting the PARK2 gene. Microdeletion sizes ranged between 215 Kb and 356 Kb, and duplication between 279 Kb and 726 Kb. These were present within the exons 7–10. Family follow up with FISH probes revealed paternal inheritance in two cases, maternal in two cases, and de novo origin in one case. Our results support previous studies showing that patients with PARK2 CNVs involving exons 5–12 might be more deleterious and cause a unique syndrome. Comprehensive analysis of additional case studies is needed to have a full characterization of this neurological disorder syndrome. ER  - 
Psychoses after an antiepileptic drug administration: Frequency, timing, and duration$$$ Objectives: To clarify the pathophysiology of psychoses after the new administration of antiepileptic drugs (AED), we analyzed the annual incidence, timing of development, and duration of episodes. Methods: Psychotic outcomes in the first 6-month period after an AED or non-AED administration in patients with focal epilepsy were exhaustively reviewed in eight Japanese neuropsychiatry institutions. In cases with psychotic episodes, the subtype of psychosis, timing of development, previous history of psychosis, and duration of the episode were evaluated. Results: Between 1981 and 2015, 5018 new drugs (4402 AED and 616 non-AED) were administered to 2067 patients with focal epilepsy. In the first 6-month period, 105 psychotic episodes occurred (81 interictal psychosis [IIP] and 24 postictal psychosis). Furthermore, 55 cases were first episodes and 50 were recurrent episodes. The frequency of psychoses is significantly higher after AED administration (n = 102) compared with non-AED administration (n = 3). Psychosis occurred most frequently in the initial 1-month period after new-AED administration and tended to decrease with increasing time. The estimated annual incidence of all psychoses after a new AED administration was 3.5% (2.0% for first-episode psychosis and 1.8% for first-episode IIP). Duration of psychoses (mean, 38.5 weeks) was equivalent to overall IIP. Duration of IIP did not shorten with discontinuation of newly administered AED. Significance: Patients with epilepsy exhibit psychosis more frequently after new AED administration than after non-AED administration. This study shows the pathophysiology of psychoses after AED administration with annual incidence, the timing of development, and the duration of PAP, which have rarely been reported. ER  - 
Predictors of functional impairment at assessment and functional improvement after treatment at a national digital mental health service$$$ Mental disorders are associated with impairment to daily functioning, which affects both the individual and society. Despite this, most research on treatment outcome only report symptom change. Self-reported days out of role (DOR) is a simple measure of functional impairment used in many population studies. The current study sought to report on the degree of functional impairment measured by DOR in a clinical sample at assessment, the factors associated with this impairment, the predictors of functional improvement after treatment and the relationship between symptomatic and functional change. Using a prospective uncontrolled observational cohort study design with a sample of 17,813 patients accessing a digital mental health service (DMHS), we examined self-reported demographic, psychosocial and clinical data. Using a series of univariate regression models and multivariate classification algorithms, we found that baseline DOR was associated with age, employment and relationship status, symptom severity, symptom chronicity and with the presence of several psychosocial difficulties. Baseline DOR was best predicted by older age, disability payments, higher symptom severity and increasing number of endorsed psychosocial difficulties (R2 = 32.7 %). Forty-one per cent of the sample experienced a >50 % or greater reduction in DOR following treatment. Those who were separated, unemployed or on disability payments, or with severe and chronic depression, experienced the greatest reductions in DOR after treatment. Changes in functioning were independent of changes in symptoms, highlighting the importance of functional impairment as a treatment outcome. This study found that many of the patients who access DMHS have significant levels of functional impairment, a large proportion obtain functional improvement after treatment, and improvement in function after treatment was independent of improvement in symptoms. ER  - 
Antidepressant drugs use and epilepsy risk: A nationwide nested case-control study$$$ Background: To investigate the association between exposure to antidepressants (ADs) and the risk of epilepsy among patients exposed to ADs. Method: We conducted a case-control study using Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database between 1998 and 2013. A total of 863 patients with epilepsy and 3,452 controls were included. The dose of ADs was categorized according to the cumulative defined daily dose (cDDD). The risk of epilepsy was assessed using conditional logistic regression analysis. Results: Compared with cDDD < 90, ADs exposure with cDDD > 365 (odds ratio [OR]: 1.37, 95% confidence interval [CI]:1.12–1.68) was associated with an increased risk of epilepsy, but not for those with cDDD 90–365 (OR: 1.07,95% CI: 0.87–1.30) after adjustment for several comorbidities and indications of ADs use. Other identified risk factors include cerebrovascular disease, traumatic brain injury, and central nervous system infection. Subgroup analysis of individual ADs showed that escitalopram (OR: 1.93, 95% CI: 1.12–3.31), venlafaxine (OR: 1.62, 95% CI: 1.13–2.31), mirtazapine (OR: 1.56, 95% CI: 1.00–2.43), paroxetine (OR: 1.44, 95% CI: 1.08–1.94), and fluoxetine (OR: 1.25, 95% CI: 1.01–1.56) had a significantly higher risk of epilepsy. Sertraline, fluvoxamine, citalopram, duloxetine, milnacipran, and bupropion did not show any proconvulsant effects. Conclusions: The study found an increased risk of epilepsy among patients who were exposed to any ADs, particularly longer-term users. Given the nature of observational studies with residual bias, interpretation should be cautious. ER  - 
Project ECHO telementoring program in epilepsy for school nurses$$$ Objectives: Many children with epilepsy experience seizures at school. School nurses must have the clinical expertise to deliver high-quality, safe care for students with epilepsy. However, in some regions of the U.S. access to interactive, epilepsy evidence-based education programs is limited. The objective of this project was to assess the feasibility of adapting the Epilepsy Foundation's (EFs) school nurse education program to the ECHO model and evaluate its impact on school nurse knowledge and self-efficacy in managing epilepsy in students with seizures and program satisfaction. Methods: The EFs educational program for school nurses was adapted to the ECHO model and delivered by a team of interdisciplinary epilepsy specialists via videoconferencing. Retrospective post-program surveys were administered at program completion. Data from 32 participants with complete post-program surveys were used for the analysis of knowledge and confidence. Descriptive statistics and the sign test were conducted. Results: Participants were 166 school nurses from 13 states. The majority had > 15 years of school nurse experience and served schools in suburban or rural areas. Improvements in knowledge and confidence were reported on most survey items. The highest improvements in self-reported knowledge and confidence were in psychosocial aspects of care, comorbidities, and recognition of nonepileptic events. Program satisfaction was rated as high by over 90% of participants. Conclusions: Telementoring using the ECHO methodology is a feasible modality to educate and link epilepsy specialists and providers with school nurses nationwide. Findings suggest that attending the MSS ECHO provided an educational and meaningful learning experience. The gains in knowledge and confidence in psychosocial aspects of epilepsy care and comorbidities highlight the importance of the inclusion of this content in educational programs. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures and functional motor disorders in developmental age: A comparison of clinical and psychopathological features$$$ Background: Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizures (PNES) and Functional Motor Disorders (FMDs) commonly represent the main clinical manifestations of Functional Neurological Disorders (FNDs). Despite their high prevalence in pediatric neurological services, literature on this topic is still spare for this population. The present study aimed to deepen the clinical knowledge of a pediatric FNDs sample through a demographic and clinical characterization of the most recurrent clinical patterns during the pediatric age. Moreover, a comparison of neuropsychological and psychopathological profiles of PNES and FMD patients was carried out to identify specific vulnerabilities and therapeutic targets linked with these different clinical manifestations. Materials and methods: A total of 43 FNDs patients (age range 7–17 years old) were retrospectively included in our study, enrolled in two subgroups: 20 with FMDs and 23 with PNES diagnosis. They were inpatients and outpatients referred over a period of 5 years and a standardized neurological, neuropsychological (WISC-IV/WAIS-IV), and psychiatric (CDI-2, MASC-2, ADES, DIS-Q, PID-5) evaluation was assessed. Results: In PNES patients the most common clinical phenotypes were functional tonic-clonic (52%) and atonic (32%) manifestations while in the FMDs group were gait alterations (60%), functional myoclonus (35%), and tremor (35%). A higher frequency of cognitive impairment was reported in PNES patients with higher anxiety-depressive symptom rates than FMDs patients. Conclusions: Notably, specific neurocognitive and psychopathological profiles were described in PNES and FMDs, highlighting higher cognitive and psychiatric vulnerabilities in PNES, suggesting as well different strategy for therapeutic approaches. ER  - 
A Large Turkish Cohort of Williams Syndrome: The Evaluation of Facial, Cardiovascular, and Neuropsychiatric Features$$$ Objective:Williams syndrome is caused by a microdeletion at 7q11.23 and is characterized by a distinctive face, cardiovascular disease, and intellectual disability with a specific cognitive and behavioral profile. This study aims to evaluate the clinical features and obtain important information that can guide early diagnoses and correct follow-up. Materials and Methods: The study included 78 patients whose diagnoses were confirmed by fluorescent in situ hybridization. Facial features, anthropometric measurements, and neurocognitive, endocrine, and urinary system evaluations were obtained from the medical records, and photographs of the patients were evaluated retrospectively. Results: The most common complaints at admission were cardiovascular disease and atypical face. The mean age at admission was 39 ± 4.8 months. The mean age of patients presenting with atypical face was 41 ± 5.6 months, while it was 11 ± 3.1 months in patients presenting with cardiovascular disease. Short nose/bulbous nasal type with anteverted nares and periorbital fullness, which are diagnostic facial features, were present in all patients in the infantile/ early childhood period. 80% of the patients had cardiovascular disease; supravalvular aortic stenosis (53.8%) and peripheral pulmonary artery stenosis (41%) were the most common cardiac anomalies.Intellectual/developmental disability was present in 75.6% of the patients. Behavioral disorders including autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder were detected in 50% of our patients. Hypersensitivity to loud and/or sudden sounds was present in all patients. Conclusion: We highlighted that recognition of facial findings is important for early diagnosis, especially in patients without cardiovascular disease. The frequency of cardiovascular, endocrinological, renal anomalies, and intellectual disability/developmental delay was described that provide valuable information in the follow-up of patients. ER  - 
Non-Rheumatic Chronic Comorbidities in Children with Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis$$$ Objective: Juvenile idiopathic arthritis is a heterogeneous group of disorders and is the most common rheumatic condition in childhood. There are scarce data regarding all comorbidities in juvenile idiopathic arthritis patients. Materials and Methods: We aimed to identify the non-rheumatic comorbidities in our juvenile idiopathic arthritis patients. Data were obtained cross-sectionally from the medical records and the face-to-face interviews for 6 consecutive months. Those with more than 1 rheumatic disease were excluded, and conditions that were highly related to the disease, such as uveitis, were not taken into account. Results: The study included 459 patients with female dominance (62.1%, n = 285). The median age of the patients was 12.87 (1.53-20.95) years. One hundred fifty patients (32.7%) had at least 1 comorbidity (5 patients had 3 comorbidities, and 24 patients had 2 comorbidities). The most common 3 non-rheumatic accompanying medical conditions in our patients were allergic rhinitis (n = 37, 8.1%), attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (n = 35, 7.6%), and atopic derma-titis (n = 28, 6.1%). None of our patients with systemic JIA had any autoimmune disease. All the patients with primary immune deficiencies had anti-nuclear antibody positivity. Conclusion: Almost one-third of our patients had at least one comorbidity. This finding might be very helpful to us in planning our multi-disciplinary approach to our patients. ER  - 
Cardiovascular mortality post burn injury$$$ BACKGROUND Burn injury is responsible for both acute and ongoing inflammation, resulting in systematic changes impacting the cardiovascular, hepatobiliary, endocrine, and metabolic systems, but there is minimal investigation into long-term clinical outcomes. This study aimed to investigate mortality due to cardiovascular related long-term postburn injury. METHODS This was a retrospective cohort study linking a burns unit database with mortality outcomes from a Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages. Data were extracted from the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare and stratified into three age groups: 15 to 44 years, 45 to 64 years, and 65+ years. Mortality rate ratios (MRRs) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated to compare the burns cohort mortality incidence rates with the national mortality incidence rates for each of the three age groups. Logistic regression was used to identify demographic and clinical factors associated with cardiovascular mortality. RESULTS A total of 4,134 individuals in the database were analyzed according to demographic and clinical variables. The 20-year age-standardized cardiovascular mortality rate for the burns cohort was significantly higher compared with the Australian population (250.6 per 100,000 person-years vs. 207.9 per 100,000 person-years) (MRR, 1.21; 95% CI, 1.001-1.45). Cardiovascular mortality was significantly higher in males aged 15-44 and 45-64 years had a cardiovascular mortality rate significantly higher than the Australian population (MRR = 10.06, 95% CI 3.49-16.63), and (MRR = 2.40, 95% CI 1.42-3.38) respectively. Those who died of cardiovascular disease were more frequently intubated postburn injury (p = 0.01), admitted to intensive care (p < 0.0001), and had preexisting comorbid physical conditions (60.9% vs. 15.0%, p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION Survivors from burn injury, especially young males, are at increased long-term risk of death from cardiovascular disease. Increased screening and counseling pertaining to lifestyle factors should be standard management postburn injury. Longitudinal observation of physiological changes, investigation of mechanistic factors, and investigation of interventional strategies should be instituted. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE Prognostic and Epidemiologic; Level IV. ER  - 
Phase 2, placebo-controlled clinical study of oral ganaxolone in PCDH19-clustering epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Protocadherin-19 (PCDH19)-clustering epilepsy is a distinct developmental and epileptic encephalopathy characterized by early-onset seizures that are often treatment refractory. Caused by a mutation of the PCDH19 gene on the X chromosome, this rare epilepsy syndrome primarily affects females with seizure onset commonly in the first year of life. A global, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2 trial was conducted to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of ganaxolone compared with placebo as adjunctive therapy to a standard antiseizure medication regimen in patients with PCDH19-clustering epilepsy (VIOLET; NCT03865732). Methods: Females aged 1–17 years with a molecularly confirmed pathogenic or likely pathogenic PCDH19 variant who were experiencing ≥12 seizures during a 12-week screening period were stratified by baseline allopregnanolone sulfate (Allo-S) levels (low: ≤2.5 ng/mL; high: >2.5 ng/mL) at screening and randomized 1:1 within each strata to receive ganaxolone (maximum daily dose of 63 mg/kg/day if ≤28 kg or 1800 mg/day if >28 kg) or matching placebo in addition to their standard antiseizure treatment for the 17-week double-blind phase. The primary efficacy endpoint was the median percentage change in 28-day seizure frequency from baseline to the 17-week double-blind phase. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were tabulated by overall, system organ class, and preferred term. Results: Of the 29 patients screened, 21 (median age, 7.0 years; IQR, 5.0–10.0 years) were randomized to receive either ganaxolone (n = 10) or placebo (n = 11). After the 17-week double-blind phase, the median (IQR) percentage change in 28-day seizure frequency from baseline was − 61.5% (−95.9% to −33.4%) among patients in the ganaxolone group and − 24.0% (−88.2% to −4.9%) among patients in the placebo group (Wilcoxon rank-sum test, p = 0.17). TEAEs were reported by 7 of 10 (70.0%) patients in the ganaxolone group and 11 of 11 (100%) patients in the placebo group. Somnolence was the most common TEAE (40.0% ganaxolone vs 27.3% placebo); serious TEAEs were more common in the placebo group (10.0% ganaxolone vs 45.5% placebo); and 1 (10.0%) patient in the ganaxolone group discontinued the study versus none in the placebo group. Conclusions: Ganaxolone was generally well tolerated and led to a greater reduction in the frequency of PCDH19-clustering seizures compared to placebo; however, the trend did not reach statistical significance. Novel trial designs are likely needed to evaluate the effectiveness of antiseizure treatments for PCDH19-clustering epilepsy. ER  - 
Predictors and outcomes of delirium in the emergency department during the first wave of the COVID-19 pandemic in Milan$$$ Background Respiratory infections can be complicated by acute brain failure. We assessed delirium prevalence, predictors and outcomes in COVID-19 ED patients. Methods This was a retrospective observational study conducted at the San Raffaele ED (Italy). Patients age >18 years attending the ED between 26 February 2020 and 30 May 2020 and who had a positive molecular nasopharyngeal swab for SARS-CoV-2 were included. The Chart-Based Delirium Identification Instrument (CHART-DEL) was used to retrospectively assess delirium. Univariable and multivariable logistic regression analyses were used to evaluate delirium predictors. Univariable binary logistic regression analyses, linear regression analyses and Cox regression analyses were used to assess the association between delirium and clinical outcomes. Age-adjusted and sex-adjusted models were then run for the significant predictors of the univariable models. Results Among the 826 included patients, 123 cases (14.9%) of delirium were retrospectively detected through the CHART-DEL method. Patients with delirium were older (76.9±13.15 vs 61.3±14.27 years, p<0.001) and more frequently living in a long-term health facility (32 (26%) vs 22 (3.1%), p<0.001). Age (OR 1.06, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.09, p<0.001), dementia (OR 17.5, 95% CI 7.27 to 42.16, p<0.001), epilepsy (OR 6.96, 95% CI 2.48 to 19.51, p<0.001) and the number of chronic medications (OR 1.09, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.17, p=0.03) were significant predictors of delirium in multivariable analyses. Delirium was associated with increased in-hospital mortality (adjusted HR 2.16, 95% CI 1.55 to 3.03, p<0.001) and with a reduced probability of being discharged home compared with being institutionalised (adjusted OR 0.39, 95% CI 0.25 to 0.61, p<0.001). Conclusions Chart review frequently identified ED delirium in patients with COVID-19. Age, dementia, epilepsy and polypharmacy were significant predictors of ED delirium. Delirium was associated with an increased in-hospital mortality and with a reduced probability of being discharged home after hospitalisation. The findings of this single-centre retrospective study require validation in future studies. ER  - 
TREATMENT AND IMPROVED OUTCOMES OF THREE ADULT PATIENTS WITH GUANIDINOACETATE METHYLTRANSFERASE (GAMT) DEFICIENCY$$$ Background: Guanidinoacetate methyltransferase (GAMT) deficiency is an autosomal recessive creatine deficiency syndrome caused by biallelic pathogenic variants in GAMT. Clinical features include developmental delay (DD), intellectual disability (ID), epilepsy, autism, movement disorder, and behavioral problems. Previous studies have found a link between the age at which treatment begins and the severity of ID and normal neurodevelopment has been achieved in very early treated patients. Treatment options have been suggested including creatine monohydrate, ornithine, sodium benzoate, and arginine (protein) restriction. Methods: We describe our experience treating patients with GAMT deficiency. We performed clinical assessment of three adult patients with GAMT deficiency and retrospectively collected comprehensive clinical, biochemical and molecular data from their electronic medical records. We monitored creatine, guanidinoacetate, ornithine, arginine and glycine in blood to ensure compliance and efficacy and adjust dosage of creatine and ornithine as needed. Results: The neurology and genetics teams in our institution have been following 3 adult patients with GAMT deficiency for many years. Patient 1 is an 18 yo male who was diagnosed at the age of 13 months when he presented with DD and hypotonia. Patient 2 is a 20-year-old female diagnosed at 12.5 years of age when she presented with drug resistant epilepsy; her past medical history was significant for global DD/ID, severe autism and infrequent episodes of seizures. Patient 3 is 24-year-old woman who was diagnosed at the age of 19 when she was evaluated for global developmental delay, autism and epilepsy. The diagnosis was confirmed in the patients using standard biochemical and molecular methods. Treatment was initiated 3–4 weeks after the diagnosis was confirmed and included creatine monohydrate (400–500 mg/kg/d in 3 divided doses) and ornithine supplementation (400–500 mg/kg/d in 3 divided doses). The means of GAA, creatine and ornithine levels in blood (uM) after treatment were 6.2 ± 1.4 (range: 3.7–8.1), 959 ± 404 (298–2199), and 237.2 ± 96.5 (range: 64–443), respectively. None of the patients in our cohort received sodium benzoate or had a protein restriction. Except for diarrhea in one patient, no side effects were observed. Patient 1 had only sporadic seizures and currently receives no antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). He exhibits some articulation problems, ADHD, anxiety and autistic traits but no ID. Patients 2 & 3 were able to be weaned off AEDs a few months after starting creatine and ornithine. They both became more interactive, with improved muscle tone and weight gain, but they remained nonverbal, with severe autism, and completely reliant on their family for all daily life activities. Conclusions: Patients with GAMT deficiency who receive creatine and ornithine supplementation have a better outcome. All three patients in our cohort are seizure-free and do not require AEDs. Earlier treatment is associated with better neurocognitive outcomes and previous data showed normal neurodevelopment is possible if treatment starts in asymptomatic individuals with GAMT deficiency. Randomized double blind trials are required to determine whether the addition of sodium benzoate with or without protein restriction, as well as the use of MRS to monitor cerebral creatine levels, can further improve the neurocognitive outcomes. ER  - 
ACUTE DECOMPENSATIONS IN SMALL MOLECULE AND ENERGY DEFICIENCY NEUROMETABOLIC DISORDERS – NEUROMONITORING DATA FROM SINGLE CENTER OVER 10 YEARS$$$ Background: Episodes of metabolic decompensation in inborn errors of metabolism (IEMs) are life-threatening emergencies which frequently result in admission to pediatric intensive care units (PICUs). Among the relatively common IEMs, proximal urea cycle disorders (UCD), organic acidemias (OA), Maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) and mitochondrial diseases (MD) such as MELAS constitute majority of the patients who are admitted recurrently to PICUs at children's hospitals. Each of these entities have a unique mechanism of brain injury and therefore, varying types of neurological complications. Methods: Data was collected by retrospective chart review for patients with afore-mentioned disorders who were admitted to the PICU at our institution due to metabolic or neurologic symptoms from 2008-2018. IRB approval was obtained, and information was analyzed in REDCap database. Results: Our cohort included 40 unique patients (8 UCD, 7 OA, 3 MSUD and 22 MD) with 153 admissions. Presenting symptoms included altered mentation (36%), seizures (41%), focal weakness (5%), and emesis (28%). Biochemical aberrations during admission included hyperammonemia (37%), lactic acidosis (55%), and elevated leucine (6%). Continuous EEG was performed during 40% of these admissions for fluctuating mental status, prolonged seizures, characterization of paroxysmal events, and monitoring for raised intracranial pressure. EEG background was notable for slowing – mild (20%), moderate (52%), severe (14%) - and burst suppression (4%). 45% of recordings showed seizures – 46% had clinical and 83% had electrographic seizures. Among these recordings, maximum number of seizures were 1 and maximum were 201, with a mean of 45.22. Sporadic epileptiform discharges were seen in 62.7% of these recordings, being abundant in 28.1% and frequent in 50%. The most commonly used anti-seizure medications for status epilepticus were phenytoin and phenobarbital. Neuroimaging (MRI) was ordered in 25% of admissions, revealing edema (2.4%), cortical and basal ganglia injury (20% and 2.4%, respectively), and encephalomalacia (49%). Mean length of stay in PICU was 5.11 days and 4% of patients had in-house mortality. Only 8% of admissions had iatrogenic complications, most commonly hyperglycemia or hypotension. Mean pediatric overall and cerebral performance score at discharge were 3.32 and 3.39 respectively. Conclusions: This is the largest study till date which investigates recognition, stabilization and mortality in patients with neurometabolic disorders admitted to PICUs. Results showed a high incidence of subclinical seizures during acute crisis. This data can be used to form standardized monitoring protocols to improve the neurological care in IEMs. ER  - 
NEUROLOGICAL AND PSYCHOLOGICAL COMORBIDITIES IN 36 INDIVIDUALS WITH MSUD ENROLLED IN THE IBEM-IS DATABASE$$$ Background: Maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) is an autosomal recessive condition caused by decreased activity of the branched-chain amino-ketoacid dehydrogenase complex. This leads to build up of branched chain amino acids, leucine, isoleucine, and valine. The most common clinical features of MSUD at presentation include maple syrup odor of the cerumen, poor feeding, irritability, and focal dystonia. Detection of MSUD in newborns allows for early intervention and prevention of acute metabolic crisis and encephalopathy. Treatments for MSUD include dietary therapy and liver transplantation. However, there is limited evidence that these therapies decrease the psychological and neurological comorbidities seen in this patient population. MSUD patients have been shown to have high rates of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), depression and anxiety. There is limited understanding of the age of onset of these neuropsychological sequelae, or of the prevalence of other neuropsychiatric symptoms. Methods: Retrospective data review was completed for 36 patients with MSUD enrolled in the Inborn Errors of Metabolism Information System (IBEM-IS). Results: In this data set of 36 patients with MSUD ranging in age from two weeks to 45 years old, 17 patients had neurological or psychological findings including 7 females and 10 males. Almost two-thirds (64.7%) of patients with a psychological or neurological comorbidity had more than one. 9 of these 17 patients were identified through newborn screening and treated from birth. Anxiety was found in four patients, average age 22 years when first reported. Depression was noted in two of the patients, ages of onset 20 and 35. ADHD, developmental delay, seizures, ataxia, hypotonia and brain abnormalities were also reported. Five patients were hospitalized due to psychological or neurological symptoms or complications. Two patients experienced hospitalization due to hallucinations, one during an acute metabolic crisis. Ages of onset for hallucinations were 23 and 24 years. Both patients were diagnosed and received intervention for MSUD within the first 18 days of life. Three patients in the data set reported seeing a psychiatrist, with therapy initiated at the age of 10, 16 and 25 years old. Three patients saw a psychologist, with initial sessions at ages 22, 25 or 35 years old. Four patients saw a neurologist, with the average age first reported seeing a neurologist as 11.70 years old. In this data set 16.67% of the patients take at least one psychopharmacologic drug. Conclusions: This cohort of 36 MSUD patients from the IBEM-IS provides evidence that psychological and neurological comorbidities are common in the MSUD population, particularly as they move into adult life. Men and women appear to be equally affected in this small series. Patients identified by newborn screening were not less likely to experience neurological and psychological comorbidities than the patients in this cohort diagnosed clinically. Further research is needed to understand the etiology of these comorbidities so that effective prevention strategies can be developed. ER  - 
Valproate-Associated Hyperammonemic Encephalopathy: Clinical Correlates and Management Strategies in a Tertiary Care Center$$$ Background Common adverse effects of valproate include sedation, tremor, gastrointestinal effects, and weight gain. Valproate-associated hyperammonemic encephalopathy (VHE) is an uncommon adverse effect of valproate therapy, which includes symptoms such as tremors, ataxia, seizures, confusion, sedation and coma. We report clinical features and management of 10 cases of VHE in a tertiary care center. Methods In a retrospective chart review of case records from January 2018 to June 2021, 10 patients with VHE were identified and included in this case series. The data collected include demographic information, psychiatric diagnosis, comorbidities, liver function tests, serum ammonia and serum valproate levels, dosages and duration of valproate, management of hyperammonemia including dosage variations, discontinuation, adjuvant drugs used, and whether rechallenge was done. Results The most common indication of starting valproate was bipolar disorder (n = 5). All the patients had more than one physical comorbidity and risk factors for developing hyperammonemia. Seven patients received valproate at a dose higher than 20 mg/kg. The duration of valproate use varied from 1 week to 19 years before developing VHE. Dose reduction or discontinuation and lactulose were the most common management strategies used. All 10 patients improved. Among the 7 patients in whom valproate was discontinued, for 2 patients valproate was reinitiated in inpatient care with careful monitoring and was found to be well tolerated Conclusions This case series highlights the need for a high index of suspicion for VHE as it is frequently associated with a delayed diagnosis and recovery in psychiatric settings. Screening for risk factors and serial monitoring may allow earlier diagnosis and management. ER  - 
Comprehensive neurological evaluation of a cohort of patients with neurofibromatosis type 1 from a single institution$$$ Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) is a phenotypically heterogenous multisystem cancer predisposition syndrome manifesting in childhood and adolescents. Central nervous system (CNS) manifestations include structural, neurodevelopmental, and neoplastic disease. We aimed to (1) characterize the spectrum of CNS manifestations of NF1 in a paediatric population, (2) explore radiological features in the CNS by image analyses, and (3) correlate genotype with phenotypic expression for those with a genetic diagnosis. We performed a database search in the hospital information system covering the period between January 2017 and December 2020. We evaluated the phenotype by retrospective chart review and imaging analysis. 59 patients were diagnosed with NF1 [median age 10.6 years (range, 1.1–22.6); 31 female] at last follow-up, pathogenic NF1 variants were identified in 26/29. 49/59 patients presented with neurological manifestations including 28 with structural and neurodevelopmental findings, 16 with neurodevelopmental, and 5 with structural findings only. Focal areas of signal intensity (FASI) were identified in 29/39, cerebrovascular anomalies in 4/39. Neurodevelopmental delay was reported in 27/59 patients, learning difficulties in 19/59. Optic pathway gliomas (OPG) were diagnosed in 18/59 patients, 13/59 had low-grade gliomas outside the visual pathways. 12 patients received chemotherapy. Beside the established NF1 microdeletion, neither genotype nor FASI were associated with the neurological phenotype. NF1 was associated with a spectrum of CNS manifestations in at least 83.0% of patients. Regular neuropsychological assessment complementing frequent clinical and ophthalmologic testing for OPG is necessary in the care of each child with NF1. ER  - 
COMPARISON OF ETOMIDATE AND PROPOFOL AS INDUCTION AGENTS IN MODIFIED ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY$$$ Objective: The aim of the study was to compare the effects of induction agents Propofol and Etomidate on hemodynamic parameters (Heart rate, Systolic Blood Pressure, Diastolic Blood pressure, and mean arterial pressure) in modified electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: It was a prospective, randomized, and double-blinded study. The present study was conducted in the Department of Anaesthesiology at our tertiary care multispeciality referral hospital, Shri Guru Ram Rai Institute of Medical and Health Sciences, Patel Nagar, Dehradun. A total of 80 adult patients in the age group 20–50 years belonging to American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status I and II were included in the study. They were randomly allocated to Group I (Propofol) and Group II (Etomidate), with 40 patients in each group. The duration of the study was September 2018–February 2020. Results: Both Etomidate and Propofol have been proposed as good induction agents to be used for ECT, but each has its own merits and demerits. Propofol leads to a significantly shorter seizure duration as compared to Etomidate. Propofol has the advantage of having rapid and smooth recovery as compared to Etomidate. Recovery criteria in terms of return to spontaneous respiration, consciousness, and fully responding were statistically significant between the two drug groups (p<0.001). Conclusion: Propofol has the advantage of having rapid and smooth recovery as compared to Etomidate. Minimum side effects were seen in both groups. Subseizure was seen with the Propofol group more than Etomidate. Hence, we conclude that Etomidate is a better induction agent as compared to Propofol in modified ECT. ER  - 
Neuroimaging findings and neurological manifestations in hospitalized COVID-19 patients: Impact of cancer and ventilatory support status$$$ Introduction Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) is known to affect the central nervous system. Neurologic morbidity associated with COVID-19 is commonly attributed to sequelae of some combination of thrombotic and inflammatory processes. The aim of this retrospective observational study was to evaluate neuroimaging findings in hospitalized COVID-19 patients with neurological manifestations in cancer versus non-cancer patients, and in patients with versus without ventilatory support (with ventilatory support defined as including patients with intubation and noninvasive ventilation). Cancer patients are frequently in an immunocompromised or prothrombotic state with side effects from chemotherapy and radiation that may cause neurological issues and increase vulnerability to systemic illness. We wanted to determine whether neurological and/or neuroimaging findings differed between patients with and without cancer. Methods Eighty adults (44 male, 36 female, 64.5 ±14 years) hospitalized in the Mount Sinai Health System in New York City between March 2020 and April 2021 with reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction-confirmed COVID-19 underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) during their admissions. The cohort consisted of four equal subgroups based on cancer and ventilatory support status. Clinical and imaging data were acquired and analyzed. Results Neuroimaging findings included non-ischemic parenchymal T2/FLAIR signal hyperintensities (36.3%), acute/subacute infarcts (26.3%), chronic infarcts (25.0%), microhemorrhages (23.8%), chronic macrohemorrhages (10.0%), acute macrohemorrhages (7.5%), and encephalitis-like findings (7.5%). There were no significant differences in neuroimaging findings between cancer and non-cancer subgroups. Clinical neurological manifestations varied. The most common was encephalopathy (77.5%), followed by impaired responsiveness/ coma (38.8%) and stroke (26.3%). There were significant differences between patients with versus without ventilatory support. Encephalopathy and impaired responsiveness/coma were more prevalent in patients with ventilatory support (p = 0.02). Focal weakness was more frequently seen in patients without ventilatory support (p = 0.01). Discussion This study suggests COVID-19 is associated with neurological manifestations that may be visible with brain imaging techniques such as MRI. In our COVID-19 cohort, there was no association between cancer status and neuroimaging findings. Future studies might include more prospectively enrolled systematically characterized patients, allowing for more rigorous statistical analysis. ER  - 
Evaluating the effect of yoga as an adjunct therapy in type 1 diabetes care: Study protocol for randomised control trial$$$ Background: Individuals with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) confront serious lifestyle alterations that include an absolute daily requirement for exogenous insulin, monitoring their glucose control, and paying attention to dietary intake. Yoga is an ancient mind-body practice increasingly recognized to have health benefits in various clinical and non-clinical conditions. The current trial was intended to evaluate the efficacy of yoga therapy on glycemic variability and physical activity among patients with T1DM. Methods: This is a single-centre, parallel-group prospective, randomized, open-blind end-point trial to evaluate the effectiveness of yoga therapy as an adjunct to T1DM care. 88 Patients aged between 12 and 17 years will be recruited from a charitable hospital for patients with T1DM and randomly allocated either to the intervention or control arm with an allocation ratio of 1:1. The control group will continue the standard care provided by the treating physicians, and the yoga group will be administered an additional Yoga module for three months. The monitoring of glycemic fluctuation will be assessed by the continuous glucose monitor, HbA1c, C-peptide, Insulin dose, lipid profile, and using psychological questionnaires such as Peds QL 3.0 Type-1 Diabetes Module, Peds QL 4.0 Generic Core Sale, Hypoglycemic fear survey, Kutcher Adolescent depression scale, Type 1 Diabetes stress scale, Physical Activity Questionnaire for Adolescents, will be done at baseline and three months. Discussion: The study is intended to address the physical and other risk factors among patients with T1DM. The study is prospectively registered on the India Clinical Trial Registry. ER  - 
Analysis of Hospital-Based Dental Procedures Under General Anesthesia in Uncooperative Patients: a Retrospective Study$$$ General anesthesia is a well-documented therapeutic option for the provision of dental treatment, particularly in patients with special healthcare needs and uncooperative pediatric patients. Objectives: This retrospective study aimed to analyze the characteristics of dental general anesthesia (DGA) procedures for uncooperative patients of all ages in a tertiary healthcare facility, Clinical Hospital Dubrava, in Zagreb, Croatia. Material and methods: The hospital records for the patients treated for various dental reasons under GA were obtained at the Clinical Hospital Dubrava in Zagreb, Croatia. Results: Between 2014 and 2019, a total of 810 DGA procedures were performed including 697 patients. The median age was 18 years. Almost half of the patients referred to undergo DGA procedures were from the City of Zagreb and Zagreb County, 27.8% (N=225) and 21.0% (N=170), respectively. More than 90% of patients undergoing DGA procedures were referred with 1 to 3 medical conditions. 47.9% of patients had 1 to 3 dental conditions, of which caries was the most common condition (95.7%). The mean waiting time (±SD) was 113.06 (±62.62) days. 90 patients (14.8%) were referred for dental procedures under GA more than once, accounting for 203 procedures (25.1%). Conclusions: DGA remains a single dental treatment option for specific individuals. There is an institutional and, also, an organizational need to address the long waiting times and high repeated DGA rates. ER  - 
Frequency of Depression in Patients Suffering from Non-Epileptic Fits$$$ Introduction: The most prevalent and severe type of mental disease, depression affects 60–70% of adults, primarily between the ages of 15 and 35. Not only are the patients affected by this terrible disorder, but also their care givers and families. It has long been known that depression often manifests as a variety of psychosomatic conditions, one of which is non-epileptic fits, which are typically more common in children and women than men. Therefore, the majority of patients who present to a psychiatric emergency room, outpatient department, or ward having non-epileptic fits have underlying depression. This was one of the few studies conducted on the prevalence of depression in patients experiencing non-epileptic fits in Pakistan, particularly in province, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Study Design and Study Area: In the psychiatry department of Khyber Teaching Hospital Peshawar, this descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted. Duration of Study: The duration of study was 06 months i.e. from 30th march, 2015 to 30th September, 2015. Materials and Methods: The study included 162 patients who presented to the hospital with non-epileptic fits and had ages ranging from 20 to 40 years. The study excluded non-consenting individuals, those with organic brain disorders, and those who had another psychiatric diagnosis already. On a proforma that was especially created, variables were recorded. The BDI depression scale was used to evaluate the depression screening process. Results: Of 193 patients, 162 met the requirements for study. The patients were estimated to have a mean age of 25.44 years, with a standard deviation of 14.25 years. Only 32 patients (20%) were female, while remaining 130 (80%) patient were male. Majority 88 (56%) individuals were uneducated. 46 people (32%) had education up to the primary level, 14 (8%) were matriculating, and 12 (4%) were graduates. 40 people (25%) were single, 94 people (58%) were wed, and 28 people (17%) were widows or widowers. 30 people (19%) were working and 132 (81%) were unemployed. 62 persons had been seeking care for more than 24 months, compared to 8 who had been doing so for less than 24 months, 20 persons for less than 18 months, 14 patients having duration of illness for less than 12 months and 12 patients of less than 6 months period of illness. Only when nonepileptic fits were linked to the depression (p value 0.004) was statistical significance observed. When depression was compared to the patient's gender, marital status, educational attainment, length of care, and occupation, there was no statistically significant difference. Conclusions: The majority of people who have non-epileptic fits also have depression. Age of onset of non-epileptic fits and depression are significantly correlated, whereas gender, educational level, marital status, occupation, length of illness, and patient's family history are not. ER  - 
Randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial of memantine in children with epileptic encephalopathy$$$ Memantine is an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist, approved for dementia treatment. There is limited evidence of memantine showing benefit for paediatric neurodevelopmental phenotypes, but no randomized placebo-controlled trials in children with developmental and epileptic encephalopathy. In this randomized double-blind placebo-controlled crossover trial (Trial registration: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03779672), patients with developmental and epileptic encephalopathy received memantine and placebo, each for a 6-week period separated by a 2-week washout phase. Electroencephalography, seizure diary, patient caregivers' global impression, serum inflammatory markers and neuropsychological evaluation were performed at baseline and after each treatment phase. The primary outcome measure was classification as a 'responder', defined as ≥2 of: >50% seizure frequency reduction, electroencephalography improvement, caregiver clinical impression improvement or clear neuropsychological testing improvement. Thirty-one patients (13 females) enrolled. Two patients withdrew prior to initiating medication and two (twins) had to be removed from analysis. Of the remaining 27 patients, nine (33%) were classified as responders to memantine versus two (7%) in the placebo group (P < 0.02). Electroencephalography improvement was seen in eight patients on memantine compared to two on placebo (P < 0.04). Seizure improvement was observed in eight patients on memantine and two on placebo (P < 0.04). Caregivers reported overall clinical improvement in 10 patients on memantine compared to seven on placebo (not significant). Statistical analysis of neuropsychological evaluation suggested improvements in symptoms of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism. Memantine is a safe and effective treatment for children with developmental and epileptic encephalopathy, having the potential to improve both seizure control and cognitive function. ER  - 
Outcomes of children born to mothers with systemic lupus erythematosus exposed to hydroxychloroquine or azathioprine$$$ Objectives: HCQ and AZA are used to control disease activity and reduce risk of flare during pregnancy in patients with SLE. The aim of this study was to determine the outcomes of children born to mothers with SLE exposed to HCQ or AZA during pregnancy and breast-feeding. Methods: Women attending UK specialist lupus clinics with children ≤17 years old, born after SLE diagnosis, were recruited to this retrospective study. Data were collected using questionnaires and from clinical record review. Factors associated with the outcomes of low birth weight and childhood infection were determined using multivariable mixed-effects logistic regression models. Results: We analysed 284 live births of 199 mothers from 10 UK centres. The first pregnancies of 73.9% of mothers (147/199) were captured in the study; (60.4%) (150/248) and 31.1% (87/280) children were exposed to HCQ and AZA, respectively. There were no significant differences in the frequency of congenital malformations or intrauterine growth restriction between children exposed or not to HCQ or AZA. AZA use was increased in women with a history of hypertension or renal disease. Although AZA was associated with low birth weight in univariate models, there was no significant association in multivariable models. In adjusted models, exposure to AZA was associated with increased reports of childhood infection requiring hospital management [odds ratio 2.283 (1.003, 5.198), P = 0.049]. Conclusions: There were no significant negative outcomes in children exposed to HCQ in pregnancy. AZA use was associated with increased reporting of childhood infection, which warrants further study. ER  - 
Neurologic Manifestations of Coronavirus Disease 2019 in Children: An Iranian Hospital-Based Study$$$ Background: COVID-19 infection and its neurological manifestations were seen in children although less common than adults. The aim of this study was to determine the frequency of different types of neurologic findings of hospitalized children with COVID-19. Methods: This retrospective study was performed on hospitalized pediatric patients aged ≤ 18 years with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 at Children's Medical Center Hospital. Neurological manifestations were defined as the presence of any of the following symptoms: seizure, altered mental status, behavioral/personality change, ataxia, stroke, muscle weakness, smell and taste dysfunctions, and focal neurological disorders. Results: Fifty-four children with COVID-19 were admitted and their mean age was 6.94 ± 4.06 years. Thirty-four of them (63%) were male. The most frequent neurological manifestation was seizure (19 [45%]) followed by muscle weakness (11 [26%]), loss of consciousness (10 [23%]), and focal neurological disorders (10 [23%]). Other neurological manifestations consisted of headache (n = 7), movement disorders (n = 6), behavioral/personality change (n = 5), ataxia (n = 3), and stroke (n = 3). Twenty-nine percent of our patients had leukocytosis. A neutrophil count above 70% was seen in 31% of participants. Among our patients, 81% had a positive reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test for SARS-CoV-2. Conclusion: During the current pandemic outbreak, hospitalized children with COVID-19 should be evaluated for neurological signs because it is common among them and should not be under-estimated. ER  - 
Is opium addiction a risk factor for benign prostatic hyperplasia?$$$ Background: Prostate enlargement is a common issue amongst men, which causes significant side effects for aging men. Regarding the high prevalence of prostate enlargement and opium addiction and its derivatives, assessing the relationship between opium use with prostate enlargement may be an exciting issue. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study. There were two groups; the case group contained men with a history of at least one year of opium abuse. The control group was men in the same age range referred to university-affiliated hospitals for ultrasonography for other reasons except for prostate problems. The prostate size and demographic information of patients were recorded. The prostate volume of more than 20 ml was considered as an enlarged prostate. Results: 212 males participated in the study from December 2018 to March 2019 at Namazi Hospital of Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, including 78 drug abuse patients (mean age=39.08±6.52 years old) in the case group and 134 (mean age=40.69±6.28 years old) in the control group. The mean prostate size in the addict group was significantly higher than in the healthy group (P=0.005). There was a significant correlation between the size of the prostate and the age in both groups. However, there was no correlation between prostate size and body mass index. Conclusion: Due to a decrease in the sexual desire of addicted people, we first expected to face smaller prostates in addicted men; however, the study results proved the opposite. One explanation can be that the decreased libido increases the likelihood of fluid accumulation in the prostate, this might lead to chronic inflammatory reactions, hypertrophy, and prostate hyperplasia. Therefore, a more comprehensive study is needed to investigate the interaction between the drug and prostate tissue. Finally, it can be concluded that addiction to opium and its derivatives can increase the chance of prostate enlargement. Due to the lack of previous studies in this field, it seems necessary to conduct additional studies with larger sample sizes and control confounding factors. ER  - 
Feasibility of a Virtual Reality (VR) Intervention Targeting Distress and Anxiety in Primary Brain Tumor (PBT) Patients at the Time of Neuroimaging: Interim Analysis of a Phase 2 Clinical Trial$$$ Background/Purpose: PBT patients experience high levels of distress and anxiety symptoms at the time of neuroimaging (“scanxiety”). This single-arm phase 2 clinical trial interim analysis investigated the feasibility of an immersive VR intervention administered via telehealth for PBT populations. Methods: English-speaking adult patients with upcoming neuroimaging who can self-report symptoms and have reported distress on prior patient-reported outcomes (PROs) were eligible. Exclusion criteria include recent cranial surgery, scalp wounds, or seizures, anxiety disorders, nausea, and visual deficits. The primary intervention is a brief self-selected VR relaxation scenario completed prior to neuroimaging followed by self-directed use for 1 month. PROs are completed before and immediately after the intervention, as well as 1 week and 1 month later, with a qualitative phone interview to assess satisfaction. Results: Fifty-five screened patients were contacted via email with 15 (27%) no responses. 40 patients were approached with 9 (16%) declines, 11 (20%) screen fails, and 20 patients were consented and enrolled. Decline reasons included treatment-related symptoms (11%), no distress or anxiety (30%), and unknown (56%). Screen fail reasons included vertigo and incisional scalp pain (9%), recent seizure activity (9%), diplopia (9%), and anxiety disorders (9% claustrophobia/ panic disorder, 18% PTSD, and 36% GAD). Of those enrolled, 50% were male and the majority were 50 years old (65%), White/ non-Hispanic (90%), and had a KPS score of 90 (85%), a high-grade tumor (65%), and were on active treatment. 100% of enrolled patients completed the VR intervention, weekly check-ins, PRO questionnaires, and qualitative interview. >90% of patients found VR worthwhile, would use VR again, and would recommend VR to other patients for use before clinical evaluations. Conclusions and Implications: These findings suggest that VR intervention is feasible and study continuation is warranted. The high incidence of PTSD and GAD has not been previously reported and necessitates further exploration. ER  - 
Long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes following liver transplantation for metabolic disease$$$ Introduction: Inborn errors of metabolism (IEM) including urea cycle disorders (UCD) and organic acidemias (OA) often result in metabolic decompensations and subsequent neurological injury and developmental delay. Liver transplant (LT) can improve metabolic control and potentially mitigate longer term developmental sequalae. This study describes the neurodevelopmental outcomes within a cohort of children with IEM at 1-year and 3-years' post-LT utilizing standardized motor and cognitive assessments. Methods: Retrospective chart review of children with an IEM diagnosis who underwent LT between January 2014-December 2021. Children without at least one motor or cognitive assessment were excluded. Cognitive assessments were initiated at 2.5 years of age. See Table 1 for assessment measures utilized. For analysis, children were grouped according to the following assessment outcomes: within age expectations (within 1 standard deviation (SD) of mean), at risk (1-2SD below mean) or delayed (>2SD below mean) compared to population norms. Results: Twenty-four children (63% male) underwent LT with a median age at transplant of 1.4 (IQR 0.64, 4.36) years. Fifteen (63%) had a UCD diagnosis. Fourteen (58%) received a living donor transplant. Overall, 3-year survival rate was 100%. Fifteen (63%) required dialysis for hyperammonemia and 10 (42%) had documented seizures pre-LT. 1-Year Post LT: Twenty-two children completed motor assessments, and 6 completed cognitive assessments. Overall, 14/22 (64%) had motor scores >1SD below mean and 5/6 (83%) had cognitive scores >1SD below mean (Table 2). 4/6 (67%) children were diagnosed with a Global Developmental Delay (GDD)/Intellectual Disability (ID) and 1/6 (17%) with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). At risk/delayed motor scores were associated with dialysis pre-LT (p=0.026); at risk/delayed visual motor scores were associated with admission for hyperammonemia pre-LT (p=0.067). 3-Years Post-LT<: Thirteen children completed motor assessments and 14 completed cognitive assessments. 12/13 (92%) had motor scores >1SD below mean and 11/14 (78%) had cognitive measures >1SD below mean. 6/14 (43%) were diagnosed with GDD/ID, 1/14 (7%) with Learning Disability, 3/14 (21%) with ADHD, and 1/14 (7%) with Autism Spectrum Disorder. Overall prevalence of motor and cognitive delay along with psychological diagnosis is higher than population norms, and those reported for children post-LT with a non-IEM diagnosis. Lower intelligence scores were associated with a UCD diagnosis (p=0.024).Conclusions: Higher prevalence of developmental impairment post-LT for IEM may reflect pre-LT related neurological pathology. However, in our study, the proportion of children falling within age expectation on cognitive measures increased at 3 years post-LT. Our results support the need for earlier screening and therapeutic interventions which may optimize the long-term outcome of these children. ER  - 
REAL-LI? LITHIUM AS A CAUSE OF PROLONGED SEVERE DELIRIUM$$$ Case Presentation: A 67 year-old woman presented with six weeks of worsening disorientation. Her husband reported severe insomnia, abnormal behaviors, decreased short-term memory, and very labile mood. She had a history of well-controlled bipolar disorder on chronic lithium therapy. She had a forty pack-year smoking history. She was diagnosed with a urinary tract infection and delirium eight weeks prior, was treated with 5 days of nitrofurantoin, and her symptoms and delirium resolved. She had no fevers, headaches, abnormal urinary symptoms, alcohol use, drug use, or changes in medications. She had normal vital signs with no fevers. She was disoriented and did not follow commands. She had a normal cardiopulmonary exam, no neck stiffness, normal cranial nerve and strength exam, no suprapubic pain or costovertebral angle tenderness, no skin rashes, ataxia, or asterixis. She had speech with labile prosody, shifting between calm and yelling, with markedly labile affect. Her white blood cell count was eighteen. Platelets were normal. Lithium level was normal. Blood cultures and a urine culture had no growth. Vitamin B twelve and thyroid stimulating hormone levels were normal. HIV antibody and syphilis treponemal antibody were negative. Cerebrospinal fluid testing had no white blood cells, normal glucose and protein, negative bacterial cultures, paraneoplastic antibody, and herpes simplex virus testing. Electroencephalogram had no epileptiform activity. Her hospital course was prolonged by severe persistent delirium despite trials of quetiapine fifty milligrams nighty, high dose intravenous thiamine, and ramelteon eight milligrams nightly. She scratched and pinched nursing staff and removed several intravenous lines. A magnetic resonance imaging brain scan was negative for stroke, brain mass, or subdural hematoma. A positron-emission computed tomography scan had no hypermetabolic uptake. Repeated lithium levels were normal. Psychiatric evaluation was not consistent with mania. Lithium was empirically discontinued with psychiatry consultation. After two days, she had a rapid, marked, durable improvement in her delirium. She was continued on nightly quetiapine. Another three days later she was discharged to home. Months later her bipolar disorder remained well controlled, and delirium remained resolved. Discussion: Delirium is common in hospitalized patients. The differential diagnosis for delirium is often broad. This patient's differential diagnosis included recurrent urinary tract infection, mania, central nervous system bacterial or viral infections, abscess, bacteremia, paraneoplastic encephalitis, autoimmune encephalitis, hypothyroidism, vitamin B twelve deficiency,Wernicke encephalopathy, steroid responsive encephalopathy associated with autoimmune thyroiditis, hepatic encephalopathy, human immunodeficiency virus infection, neurosyphilis, seizure disorder, and medication adverse effects. She had taken lithium for many years. Consistent with prior case reports, lithium is a rare cause of a prolonged severe delirium. The pathophysiology is unknown. Serum lithium levels are often normal. Conclusions: Lithium is a rare cause of prolonged severe delirium and should be suspected when an extensive workup of a broad differential diagnosis is unrevealing. Marked improvement of delirium following lithium discontinuation is consistent with lithium-related delirium. Close monitoring after discontinuation of lithium is required to monitor for depression or mania. ER  - 
Diagnostic Overshadowing of Post-ictal Psychosis in the ED- A Case Series$$$ Introduction: Diagnostic overshadowing is established as a mechanism by which physical symptoms are misattributed to mental disorder, hence under-diagnosing and under-treating medical pathology. We report a case series of adult males with established neurological disorders who presented to the ED with visual hallucinations in the postictal period. The phenomena of postictal psychosis is long established in neuropsychiatric literature, with reported rates of postictal psychosis in epilepsy of 2%. Patients vsual hallucinations resolve with anticonvulsant stabilisation and rarely require antipsychotic augmentation. Objectives: To illustrate diagnostic overshadowing in a case series of postictal psychosis Methods: Retrospective case series Results: Case 1: A 36year old man self-presented to the ED 24hrs post tonic-clonic seizure of 15minutes duration. Medical history was significant for hydrocephalus as an infant with 29 surgical revisions of in-situ ventriculoperitoneal shunt since initial placement. Secondary epilepsy was reported to be poorly controlled with an estimated 50 ED attendances in the past year for management of seizure activity. On assessment new symptomatology of non-threatening visual hallucinations with associated low mood was elicited. A diagnosis of postictal psychosis was advised following psychiatric assessment and medical admission with anticonvulsant titration recommended. Despite this characteristic presentation there were repeated requests to admit this patient to the psychiatric unit and a perceived lack of understanding of his acute medical needs. Case 2: A 45year old man self-presented to the ED <24hours post discharge following medical admission for management of seizure. Medical history was significant for a right parieto-temporal infarct one year prior, with acceptable return to functioning following rehabilitation. The man had recently been diagnosed with secondary epilepsy and titration of sodium valproate commenced. The patient presented as distressed in the context of new onset visual hallucinations and palinopsia. Medical admission with urgent neurology input and anticonvulsant titration was advised following psychiatric assessment. ED physician repeatedly stated this patients presentation was stress related and requested psychiatric admission. Following medical admission the patient was managed by neurology. Sodium valproate was augmented with clobazam and the patients psychopathology resolved in full. Conclusions: Diagnostic overshadowing is prevalent in the ED. Despite established medical diagnoses there may be a reluctance for medical teams to acknowledge or treat organic psychopathology. Psychiatrists must keep abreast of medical comorbidities and physical treatment guidelines of neuropsychiatric disorders in order to advocate appropriately for due medical input. Postictal psychosis is effectively managed by neurological input for effective seizure control with collaborative neuropsychiatry input. ER  - 
Prevalence and factors associated with non-suicidal self-Injury and suicidality in children and adolescent attending Emergency department in Oman$$$ Introduction: Non-suicidal self-Injury (NSSI) and suicidality are common reasons for emergency presentations in child and adolescent psychiatry (1). NSSI is defined as intentional destruction of one's body tissue without suicidal intent and has a prevalence rate in adolescents of approximately 30-40% in clinical samples (2). Suicide prevalence is around 24-33% (3). There are many factors leading to suicidal or self-harming behavior. A prior history of self-injurious behavior is one of the strongest predictors of future suicidal behavior, both cross-sectionally and longitudinally (6) . Additionally, longitudinal studies have found that a previous suicide attempt increases the risk of a future suicide attempt threefold. Suicide and NSSI have a significant impact on families and communities. Hence, considerable required clinical attention is warranted to develop preventive strategies. Objectives: The aim of this study is to investigate the prevalence of non-suicidal self-Injury (NSSI) and suicidality among children and adolescents presenting in emergency department of the tertiary psychiatric services and to study their demographic and clinical characteristics. Methods: This is a retrospective cross-sectional analytical study included all children and adolescent patients attended the emergency department at Sultan Qaboos University Hospital between June 2021 to March 2016. The data was collected using the hospital' s electronic database to retrieve the medical records of children and adolescents who visited the emergency department. Patients who were 18 years of the age or younger were included in the study. The included patients must had been evaluated by psychiatrist during their presentations in the emergency department. Results: During the 63 months of observation, 114 patients attended the emergency department and required psychiatric evaluation, 44.7%(n=51) of patients presented with NSSI and/or SA. The mean age was 15.7. 80.4%(n=41) were females while 19.6% (n=10) were males. 37.3% had a primary diagnosis of major depressive disorder (MDD) and 21.5% had comorbid medical illness. 44% of suicidal attempts were with drug overdose, mostly paracetamol overdose, while the most used method for NSSI was cutting the body with a razor, 57%.19 patients had a primary diagnosis of major depressive disorder, 17 patients had no clear diagnosis at presentation.22% of the patients had other medical comorbidities, 5 patients with epilepsy. 51% of the patients had positive family history of mental illness. Conclusions: Considering that NSSI and suicidality were found to be the main reasons for presenting to a child and adolescent emergency psychiatric service, it seems crucial for physicians at PEDs to provide proper crisis intervention and referral to mental health services when appropriate. Early identification of risk factors is highly recommended. ER  - 
Secondary Mania in Older Adults: a case report and review of literature$$$ Introduction: Although mania is commonly associated with bipolar disorder, it can have many etiologies. Thus, primary mania results from bipolar disorder, whereas secondary mania results from pharmacological, metabolic, or neurologic causes. Older adults are at risk for secondary mania because of increased medical comorbidities and neurological changes. In one retrospective study of 50 patients with mania who were older than 65 years, it was the first manic episode for 28% of the patients and 71% had a comorbid neurological disorder. Objectives: The etiology of mania is important because although acute symptomatic treatment of both primary and secondary mania may be similar, appropriate treatment of secondary mania includes addressing the cause. We present here two case histories of secondary mania in older adults, discuss their presentations and differential diagnosis in turn, and discuss treatment. Methods: We will present a clinical case of a patient. Ms. A, a 63-year-old divorced woman with no prior medical or psychiatric history, was seen for an acute manic episode with mixed features. She was in her usual state of health until 2 weeks before admission, when she presented with a status epilepticus requiring a one-week hospitalization in the neurology département and treated by Carbamazepine. She then developed an abnormally excited and labile mood, motor excitability accompanied by rapid thoughts, with a total loss of desire and pleasure and thoughts of death. Results: In our study, the patient presented a manic episode with mixed characteristics secondary to a status epilepticus. The patient was treated both somatically and psychologically, and the evolution was positive. The patient was stabilised after being put on an antiepileptic drug associated with an antipsychotic drug. In our study, the patient presented with a manic attack with mixed characteristics secondary to a status epilepticus.The patient was treated both somatically and psychologically, and the evolution was favourable. The patient was stabilised after being put on an antiepileptic drug associated with an antipsychotic drug. Conclusions: Late onset psychiatric disorders often represent a challenge for the psychiatrists as far as the diagnosis and management issues are concerned. The elderly patients have generally been reported to have associated medical, especially neurological illnesses and are also prone to side effects of various psychotropic medications. ER  - 
Somatoform disorders in out-patient psychiatric setting: An overview$$$ Introduction: The somatoform disorders are a group of psychiatric disorders that present with unexplained physical symptoms. Objectives: This study aimed at assessing the prevalence and risk factors of somatoform disorders (SD) and their types among patients attending a major psychiatric clinic in Duhok Governorate/ Kurdistan Region of Iraq. Our secondary aim was to assess the common presenting symptoms of conversion disorder (CD). Methods: 637 subjects were randomly selected from the outpatient psychiatric clinic at Azadi Teaching Hospital in Duhok Governorate/ Kurdistan Region of Iraq. Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Axis I Disorders-Patient Edition (Version 2.0) was applied to diagnose patients with SDs. Results: In our sample the prevalence of SD was 24%. CD comprised the vast majority of SD at 75.8%, followed by somatization disorder at 7.8% and undifferentiated SD at 5.2%. SD was most common (60.1%) in adolescents and young adults (ages 15-25 y.o.); (p <0.05), and female gender comprised most of the SD in our sample (75.8%; p <0.001) Although, more than two-third of the cases were from lower educational levels (illiterate and primary educational level) (67.3%), more than fifty percent were married (52.3%), majority were housewives (39.2%) and more than half of the cases were from urban areas (52.3%), but no significant association were found between SD and educational level, marital status, occupation, and residence (p-values were 0.218, 0.659, 0.072, 0.090 respectively). Regarding the symptomatic presentation of CD, vast majority of the cases presented with pseudo-seizures which comprised (81%), followed by motor symptoms which comprised (17.2%), and sensory symptoms which constituted (1.7%) only. Conclusions: SD was highly prevalent among patients attending a major outpatient psychiatric clinic in Duhok Governorate/Kurdistan Region of Iraq, and CD was the most common presenting form of SD. Younger age (adolescents and young adults) and female gender comprised the majority of cases. Interestingly, the most common presenting symptom of CD in our sample was pseudoseizures. ER  - 
EARLY ONSET AGGRESSIVE BEHAVIOR INDUCED BY PERAMPANEL IN THE TREATMENT OF CHRONIC INSOMNIA: A CASE REPORT$$$ Introduction: Chronic insomnia, resistant to different treatments (pharmacological, sleep hygiene and cognitive-behavioral therapy) remains one of the greatest challenges in our daily practice as psychiatrists. The pharmacological options include benzodiazepines and their analogues (zolpidem, zopiclone, etc.). However, when trying to treat chronic insomnia the use of off-label drugs, including antidepressants with sedative action (such as trazodone), antipsychotics or antiepiletic drugs, is not uncommon. Perampanel is a non-competitive AMPA receptor antagonist, marketed for the treatment of partial onset epilepsy and primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures. It has been used in the treatment of chronic insomnia with positive results and it has shown to improve the quality of sleep in a recent observational retrospective cohort study. The most frequent adverse effects of Perampanel include dizziness and drowsiness. Perampanel can also cause psychiatric and behavioral adverse effects, aggression and irritability in up to 10% of patients, as well as depression, and suicidal ideation, with higher rates in patients with psychiatric history. Objectives: To draw attention to possible adverse effects of Perampanel and to add knowledge to improve the treatment for chronic insomnia. Methods: Case report and non-systematic literature review of the current data. Results: A33 year old woman with Anorexia Nervosa was admitted to the psychiatric hospitalization unit due to suicidal ideation and a history of chronic insomnia. Perampanel was started at a dose of 2mg/day, progressively titrated to 6mg/day, following patient's informed consent. Aweek after the initiation of treatment, her sleep pattern had improved but she became aggressive, showed low tolerability to minor frustrations and suffered from an intensification of suicidal ideation. She became extremely hostile to the personnel, had severe tantrums and deliberate self injurious behavior. Perampanel was discontinued and in less than a week her aggressive behavior succumbed. Although she was not re-exposed to Perampanel the symptoms she presented are considered a very likely adverse drug reaction. Levomepromazine 20mg/day and Lormetazepam 0.5mg/day were reinstated as a treatment for insomnia. Conclusions: Psychiatric comorbidity is known to be a risk factor for behavioral adverse effects of Perampanel. Therefore Perampanel as a treatment for chronic insomnia needs a careful individual benefit-risk assessment and monitoring for adverse effects. ER  - 
Management of subjects with Intermittent Explosive Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder with Lumateperone$$$ Introduction: Use of lumateperone in reduction of aggression in patients with both autism spectrum disorder and intermittent explosive disorder has not heretofore been described. Objectives: Explore the impact of lumateperone treatment for intermittent explosive disorder in autism spectrum disorder. Methods: Case A: An illiterate non-verbal 18-year-old male, presented with history of behavior problems, developmental and intellectual delays. He attended special education programs at school where he had difficulty interacting with peers and teachers. For three weeks prior to presentation, he has displayed more anger and aggression, biting his hands, pounding on the walls and furniture, and screaming. Case B: This 18-year-old male, presented with a history of hypsarrhythmia, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, severe developmental delay, deficit in socializing with lack of interaction with others and autism, presented with aggression, agitation, and hostility, banging on walls and furniture and throwing objects. Coincident with this was an increase in frequency of myoclonic seizures occurring up to twentyfive seizures per day followed by a postictal period of shouting and screaming. Results: Case A: Psychiatric examination: Nonverbal, intermittently grunting and screaming, eyes darting, not responding to verbal commands. Posturing of arms in the air, in a hostile stance. Ten days post starting nightly lumateperone 42 mg, patient was no longer banging furniture nor biting. He remained non-verbal but without screaming and hostile behavior. Case B: Psychiatric examination: Non-verbal screaming, throwing furniture, hitting walls and uncooperative to verbal commands. One month post starting lumateperone 42 mg nightly, while the seizures persisted, patient's violent attacks were not severe. Two months later, the aggression was much less severe, that he could attend school. Behavioral problems with aggression would recur an hour before the next evening's lumateperone dose. Conclusions: Lumateperone modulates a variety of neurotransmitters including glutamate, functions as a presynaptic partial dopamine agonist and postsynaptic dopamine antagonist, and enhances N-methyl-d-aspartate, an inhibitor of serotonin reuptake (Reddy, 2020), input, on any of these, may be its mechanism of action (Vyas, 2020). Perchance, its action as a 5HT-2A receptor antagonist may be its method of reducing aggression, as has been posited for its anti aggression effect in schizophrenia (Vyas, 2020). Lumateperone impacts on neurotransmitters, including substance P, which modulate aggression (Gretchen, 2020). Alternativity ASD correlated with dysfunction of Area VIIIA of the right posterior cerebellum and its connection with the left frontal cortex (Heemkerk, 2021). Lumateperone may act to stabilize these areas and thus inhibit aggression (Heemkerk, 2021). In those with aggression associated with ASD and IED, a trial of lumateperone may be worthwhile. ER  - 
A psychiatric mobile clinic in rural Ghana as a model to deliver professional services to a huge catchment area, review of 12 years experience$$$ Introduction: The population in remote areas in Ghana as in other low- and middle- income countries (LMIC's) are known to suffer from limited access to quality mental health services. The challenges include limited inpatient and outpatient mental health services at the regional and district levels, shortage of well-trained professionals, poor funding by the government and difficulties for the patients to pay for medical costs, poor telecommunication services and the lack of adequate infrastructure. Objectives: We present a novel model of professional psychiatric mobile clinic, Gye Nyame Mobile Clinics, in remote areas in Ghana. This comprehensive service package connects the current loose ends of existing structural efforts in the subdistricts, trains regularly district hospital teams and bridges the gap between district hospital, primary health posts down to every patient. Methods: In this retrospective descriptive study we collected demographic data of all the patients who visited the Gye Nyame professional mobile clinic in Psychiatry (GNMC) from November 1, 2008 to October 31, 2019 in the ten health posts of Ghana's Ashanti Region Results: Between November 2008 and October 2019, we counted 16.370 visits of patients with psychiatric/ neurological diagnosis. The patients suffered mostly from schizophrenia in 24,1%, general convulsions in 40,8 % and other psychotic disorders in 5,9% of the visits. 78,5% returned to our mobile clinic for follow-up, 100% could be treated on outreach. Conclusions: This community-based approach delivers psychiatric services to subdistrict and district levels and to patients who have no other access to these professional services. According to the results, a wide spectrum of pathologies and quantity of patients are seen - especially patients with no former treatment- the most common diagnosis in the rural area are schizophrenia, other psychotic disorders and generalized convulsions, followed by intellectual disabilities/autism spectrum disorder and cerebral malaria neuropsychiatric complications. This is the first study to evaluate the implemented impact of integrated psychiatric services into existing structures in remote areas of LMIC's. ER  - 
Profile of persons placed under guardianship in the psychiatric department of Monastir$$$ Introduction: The legally incapacitated major is any person who, having acquired the legal majority, should therefore enjoy his rights, and face his social duties, but because of an alteration of his physical or mental faculties, is not able to provide alone for the safeguarding of his interests, nor to face alone his social obligations; there is, therefore, a need for protection which is the placing under guardianship. Objectives: To describe the clinical and sociodemographic profile of the subjects put under guardianship in the psychiatric services of Monastir. Methods: This is a retrospective descriptive study that focused on 71 files of subjects examined in the context of psychiatric expertise of guardianship in the psychiatric department Fattouma Bourguiba of Monastir during the period from 10-02-2016 to 08-06-2022. Results: In total, we included 71 files of the subjects who were examined in the framework of the expert assessments of guardianship. The average age was 53 years. The predominance of males was noted with a sex ratio M/F = 1.5. Most of the patients were of urban origin; more than half (54.9%) were single with an average socioeconomic level for most of the patients (81.7%); 53.5% were illiterate and only 11.3% had a higher education level. Among the somatic antecedents in our population, 40.9% had neurological pathologies: stroke 8.5%, epilepsy 7%, and dementia 9.9%. The psychiatric history (71.8%) was marked by intellectual disability (47.9%) followed by schizophrenia (28.2%). Neuropsychiatric comorbidity was noted in 25.4%. The diagnoses retained at the time of the expertise were: intellectual disability (47%), followed by psychosis and dementia with similar percentages of 21%. The duration of the evolution of the symptoms in our population varied between 1 year and 60 years with an average of 22.56 years. The request for guardianship was made by the siblings in 40.8% of cases, followed by the ascendants in 21.1%. All the assessments took place at the hospital on a pre-arranged appointment and were formulated in French language. Conclusions: The knowledge of the specificities of the different Tunisian laws governing guardianship is essential and the meticulous drafting of expert reports requires adapted training, which should be included in the basic training modules for psychiatrists. ER  - 
LAMOTRIGINE INDUCED LEUCOPENIA IN A PATIENT WITH TYPE 2 BIPOLAR DISEASE$$$ Introduction: Lamotrigine(LTG) is a widely used medication for bipolar disorder(BD) maintenance treatment, bipolar depression, epilepsy, trigeminal neuralgia.1 The well-known common side effects of LTG are rash, fatigue, gastrointestinal symptoms, dizziness, headach e,insomnia.2 While one of the most refrained side effects of LTG is Steven Johnson's syndrome, there have been reports of blood dyscrasia, such as agranulocytosis, neutropenia, pancytopenia.3,4Unfortunately, the exact mechanism of the blood dyscrasias isn't fully explained. Here we report a case of LTG-induced leucopenia in a patient with BD type 2 patient. We obtained the patient's consent. Objectives: We report a case of a 56-year-old female patient, brought to the emergency unit with complaints of feeling unhappy, hopeless, having trouble sleeping and suicidal thoughts for two months.She attempted suicide a few days ago, had multiple suicide attempts in the last two years. She had 3 psychiatric hospitalizations due to depressive episodes and 1 hypomanic episode. Her mood was depressed. She had psychomotor retardation, no psychotic feature. Due to active suicidal ideation, we admitted her to the inpatient unit with the diagnosis of BD type 2. Routine blood tests were within the normal range. We increased quetiapine XR 300 mg and venlafaxine 300 mg, which she had already taken;discontinued her aripiprazole treatment and added LTG 25 mg/d. 8 after initiation of LTG, there was a decrease in white blood coun(WBC) from a baseline level of 5.18x109 /L to 3x109 / L, while neutrophil count decreased from 3.8x109 /L to 1.15x109 /L in 12 days.Her medical records showed no sign of leucopenia. No pathology was detected in the peripheral smear or ultrasonography performed with the haematology consultation. Considering leucopenia might be an adverse drug reaction associated with LTG, we discontinued LTG treatment on the 9th day of administration. 9 days after discontinuation WBC was up to 4.22x109 /L, neutrophil count was 2.78x109 /L. We started valproate 500 mg/d and on the 27th day of her stay, she was discharged with a euthymic mood, having no depressive symptoms or suicidal thoughts. Her last treatment was venlafaxine 225 mg, quetiapine XR 300 mg, quetiapine IR 100 mg, valproate 500 mg, lorazepam 1 mg daily. Methods: It is a retrospective review. Results: In this LTG naive patient, the WBC values were within the normal range at admission.There was a significant temporal relationship between the initiation of the LTG and the decrease in WBC values.The absence of other factors in the laboratory tests and examinations, the rapid increase of WBC levels after the LTG was discontinued suggests the observed effect may be a side effect of LTG. Conclusions: Blood dyscrasies aren't a very common side effect of LTG, but it might be helpful to see CBC, especially in older populations, on patients with polypharmacy regimens and with severe mental illness that may interfere with patient's ability to express any subtle side effect. ER  - 
Predictors of Return to Work Among Patients Attending a Long-term Treatment and Rehabilitation Service for Functional Neurological Disorder (FND) and Related Conditions$$$ Introduction: Limited data is available on the prognosis of patients with FND concerning their ability to return to work. Objectives: To identify factors associated with the ability to return to work in patients with FND following treatment and rehabilitation. Methods: We retrospectively assessed the employment outcomes of 79 consecutively evaluated patients. Patients were referred at the inception of an FND Program for adults. The majority of patients were unemployed, on sickness leave and or disability benefits at the time of their referral (n=71). Their median age was 48 years. Most patients were of female gender (n=50), in a relationship (n=53), with no dependants (n=64). Most patients had a referral diagnosis of mixed functional neurological symptoms (n=35), presenting with a combination of motor, sensory, cogniform or dissociative seizure symptoms. Among patients distinct phenomenological presentations, the most common referral diagnosis was functional sensory disorder (n=16). Twenty two patients had a concurrent structural neurological disorder. Seven patients had an accident compensation claim, and twenty had a workers' compensation or employment insurance claim at the time of referral. Results: Approximately 30 % of patients were able to return to some work (n=24) within five years or less, and all those who were in employment at the time of the referral continued to hold a job for the duration of their treatment. We identified a negative correlation between patients' ability to return to work and the length of employment interruption, with patients more recently out of work (within a year prior to the referral) being most able to return to work (odds ratio = 2; 95% CI, 1.2 to 3.8). We previously analyzed employment figures at 18 months of the service operation. Return to work was moderately lower at that point at 19%, but with maintained negative correlation with the length of employment interruption. There was a negative correlation between having a work-related financial claim and the ability to return to work (p <0.001). There was no statistically significant correlation between demographic variables (gender, age, relationship status, or having dependants) and the ability to return to work, nor was there a statistically significant correlation between the phenomenology of Functional Neurological Disorder (motor, sensory, cogniform, non-epileptic attack disorder or mixed) and the ability to return to work. Conclusions: Early and continuous treatment of employed or recently unemployed patients with Functional Neurological Disorder is associated with better occupational outcomes. Having a work-related compensation claim is correlated with negative occupational outcomes. There is a need for further research into occupational rehabilitation, specially for patients receiving work-related compensation claim. ER  - 
Impact of somatic and addictive comorbidities on the quality of life of patients with schizoaffective disorder$$$ Introduction: Schizoaffective Disorder is frequently associated with somatic and addictive comorbidities. This association can change the expression of the disease as well as its prognosis. In addition, this association can affect many functional and psychosocial aspects that can lead to impaired quality of life (QOL) and overall functioning of patients. Objectives: the aims of this work were to study the impact of somatic and addictive comorbidities on QOL and global functioning of patients followed for schizoaffective disorder. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study carried out at the psychiatric consultation of the University Hospital of Mahdia for a period of 6 months. The evaluation of the QOL was made using a generic instrument for measuring quality of life: the SF-36 in its version in literary Arabic using the Global Evaluation of Functioning scale . Results: fifty-two patients with schizoaffective disorder were included in the study. The age of the patients varied from 29 to 62 years with an average of 38 years. The sex ratio (M/F) was 1.6. Singles accounted for 46.2%. Somatic comorbidities were found in 30.8% of patients. Diabetes ranked first (13.5%) followed by arterial hypertension (9.6%) then epilepsy (3.8%). Addictive comorbidities were noted in 63.5% of patients. Tobacco, alcohol and Cannabis were the most consumed substances with respective rates of 57.7; 28.8 and 13.5%. The evaluation of the QoL of the patients revealed that 80.8% of the patients had scores attesting to an altered QoL. Regarding the evaluation of global functioning by EGF, (65.4%) of patients had a score of less than 70 attesting to an impairment of global functioning. The analytical study of correlation between the dimensions of the SF-36 and somatic comorbidities found that dimension D1 (physical activity) is significantly influenced by somatic comorbidities (10-4). The deterioration in the global functioning of the patients was not correlated with the presence of somatic comorbidities (p=0.28). The change in QoL was not correlated with the consumption of psychoactive substances (0.32 for alcohol and p=0.23 for drug addiction). Conclusions: It is accepted that the objectives of the management of patients suffering from schizoaffective disorder go beyond the remission of clinical symptoms to the improvement of QoL and socio-professional functioning. Larger-scale work is needed to study the influence of comorbidities associated with schizoaffective disorder on these dimensions. ER  - 
Does Vitamin D3 supplementation improve Depression scores among rural adolescent? A Cluster Randomized control trial$$$ Introduction: Contemporary evidence has established that stunted vitamin D levels are associated with depression, poor mood and other mental disorders.Vitamin D supplementation might play a significant role in depression. Objectives: To assess the role of supplementation of Vitamin D on depression scores among rural adolescents Methods: It is a Cluster Randomized Control Trial carried out for a period of two years. 10 Government rural schools were taken as clusters and sample size was calculated using previous literature. (Libuda.et al:EJN. 2020; 27:1-0) 150 was the final sample size in each group. Adolescents aged 11-18 years were included and with any pre-existing mental health illness, renal abnormalities and confirmed neurological disorders (Epilepsy) were excluded. Intervention group received 2 months of 2000 IU per day for 9 weeks and Control arm received 500 mg of Calcium and low dose (250 IU) of Vitamin D. To assess socio-demographic status a pretested semi structured questionnaire was used. To assess depression, Becks Depression Inventory (BDI-II) was used. Venous Blood was taken by experienced lab technician and analyzed in Central Diagnostic Laboratory Services, Biochemistry Department, SDUMC, SDUAHER, Kolar, Karnataka, India. Study was started after Central ethics Committee approval. This study is intramural funded project (Rs.6,12,000/). Clinical Trials Registry number: CTRI/2021/07/034654: REF/2021/03/042355. All the data collected entered in Microsoft excel and analysed using SPSS v 22(IBM corp, USA). Pre-intervention and post intervention difference assessed with t-test summarized as Mean and Standard deviation (SD) with statistically significant difference defined with p value less than 0.05. Both Intention-To-Treat analysis and Per Protocol analysis done and reported separately. Results: Comparing Becks Depression scores before and after intervention, Vitamin D arm showed statistically significant reduction in Becks Depression scores. Intention to treat analysis showed that Vitamin D arm had statistically significant reduction in Becks Depression scores. Conclusions: Vitamin D supplementation had reduced Depression scores among rural adolescents significantly. Vitamin D toxicity was not noted inspite of High dose of Vitamin D supplementation. ER  - 
Synthetic Cannabinoids (SCs) K2 clinical manifestation-A literature review$$$ Introduction: There has been an increase in the use of new psychoactive substances containing synthetic cannabinoids in recent years. It is also known as K2, spice, or fake weed, and these are popular as recreational drugs [Kourouni I et al. JAMA NetW Open 2020 Jul; 1;3(7): e208516]. CB1 agonists in SCs mimic the effects of cannabis, making users feel happy and relaxed. However, recreational SCs may result in unwanted severe consequences such as acute anxiety and psychosis [Gunderson EW et al. AM J Addict 2012 Jul-Aug; 21(4): 320-6]. Relative to tetra-hydro cannabinol (THC), synthetic cannabinoids (SCs) are more potent and efficacious agonists and may exert deleterious effects on health [Gunderson EW et al. AM J Addict 2012 Jul-Aug; 21(4): 320-6]. Objectives: Our aim of this review is to focus on the typical presentation of SCs use and help clinicians to better understand and be more vigilant about K2 manifestations Methods: In conducting the literature review, only English language articles were selected from PubMed and PubMed Central (PMC) databases through August 14, 2022, using the search term Synthetic cannabinoids k2 clinical manifestation . Three reviewers conducted the initial review of the titles and abstracts of the electronic search, followed by detailed assessments of the relevant studies. Peerreviewed Case series, case reports, and systematic review studies were included that met the inclusion criteria (articles in the English language, studies on humans, studies on synthetic cannabinoids (SC) or K2 use and its clinical manifestations. Results: Electronic search results showed a total of 60 articles. Fifty articles were excluded based on title review (36 articles), abstract review (4 articles), and full article review (10 articles). Case series on 30 ICU patients (SC intoxication) showed agitation 33%, bizarre behavior, coma 33%, seizure 20%, Acute respiratory failure 60%, Tracheal intubation 70%, Rhabdomyolysis 26%, Invasive mechanical ventilation 40%, Acute kidney injury 26% and cardiotoxic effect [Kourouni I et al. JAMA NetW Open 2020 Jul; 1; 3(7): e208516]. Cross-sectional study on 50 male cases showed altered perception 68%, including auditory and visual hallucination, dizziness and loss of consciousness, palpitation 76%, chest pain 12%, panic attack, and convulsion [Abdelmoneim WM et al. Middle East Current Psychiatry 2022; 29 (1): 24]. Literature reviews has shown the common psychiatric presentations of SC are acute anxiety, agitation, psychosis, paranoia, disorientation, alteration of mood and perception, hallucination, and delusion [DebruyneDet al. Subst Abuse Rehabil. 2015 Oct 20; 6:113-29, Radhakrishnan R et al. Front Psychiatry 2014 May 22;5:54]. Conclusions: There are limited research related to synthetic cannabinoids in human. Based on our review, SC intoxication can be life-threatening besides psychiatric manifestation. Therefore, clinicians must understand the vast clinical manifestations of SCs. ER  - 
Directionality of the Association Between Epilepsy and Depression: A Nationwide Register-Based Cohort Study$$$ Background and Objectives: Epilepsy and depression share a bidirectional relationship; however, its magnitude and long-term temporal association remain to be elucidated. This study investigates the magnitude and long-term association between epilepsy and depression, comparing with the risks of the 2 disorders after another chronic medical illness (asthma). Methods: In a nationwide register-based matched cohort study, we identified all individuals who received a first diagnosis of epilepsy, depression, and asthma from January 1, 1980, to December 31, 2016. We used a Cox regression model to estimate the risk of epilepsy after depression and vice versa and the risk of epilepsy or depression after asthma, compared with healthy references matched on age and sex, adjusting for medical comorbidity, substance abuse, and calendar time. Results: were stratified by epilepsy subtype. We furthermore investigated the risk of admission with acute seizures for persons with epilepsy who became depressed. Results: In a population of 8,741,955 individuals, we identified 139,014 persons with epilepsy (54% males, median age at diagnosis 43 years [inter quartile range (IQR) 17-65 years]), 219,990 persons with depression (37% males, median age at diagnosis 43 years [IQR 29-60 years]), and 358,821 persons with asthma (49% males, median age at diagnosis 29 years [IQR 6-56 years]). The adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) of depression after epilepsy was 1.88 (95% CI 1.82-1.95), and the aHR of epilepsy after depression was 2.35 (95% CI 2.25-2.44). The aHR of depression after asthma was 1.63 (95% CI 1.59-1.67) and that of epilepsy after asthma, 1.48 (95% CI 1.44-1.53). The risk of depression was highest in the few years preceding and after an epilepsy diagnosis, and vice versa, but remained elevated during the entire follow-up period for both directions of the association. There was no evidence of a stronger association with depression for any epilepsy subtype. Receiving a diagnosis of depression subsequent to an epilepsy diagnosis was associated with a 1.20-fold (95% CI 1.07-1.36) increased HR of acute hospital admission with seizures. Discussion: We identified a long-term bidirectional relationship between depression and epilepsy in a large-scale cohort study. Risk estimates were higher than those of epilepsy or depression after asthma. ER  - 
Comparison of modified anterior and traditional posterior accesses for ultrasound-guided superior laryngeal nerve block in awake endotracheal intubation: study protocol for a randomised non-inferiority clinical trial$$$ Introduction Awake tracheal intubation (ATI) involves placing a tracheal tube in an awake, spontaneously breathing patient. Superior laryngeal nerve block (SLNB) can effectively abolish the glottic closure reflex, and blunt the sensation of the structures above the cords. A method that consists of SLNB along with translaryngeal injection (TLI) can provide satisfactory anaesthesia and intubating conditions. We present a novel modified access of SLNB, ultrasound (US)-guided anterior SLNB, to aid awake videolaryngoscopes-assisted endotracheal intubation in adult elective surgery patients, and we compare the effectiveness and safety to traditional US-guided posterior SLNB. Methods and analysis A total of 100 adult elective surgery patients requiring general endotracheal anaesthesia will be randomly assigned to the modified group (modified US-guided anterior SLNB) or the traditional group (traditional US-guided posterior SLNB). After SLNB, all participants will be performed with TLI. The primary outcome is the proportion of acceptable intubation conditions based on intubation scores. Secondary outcomes include: (a) the first-attempt intubation success rate, (b) haemodynamic changes during ATI, (c) time taken for airway anaesthesia and intubation, (d) recall of intubation, (e) participant perception of comfort during intubation, (f) perioperative complication rate. This report describes the study design of this randomised controlled trial. Ethics and dissemination The study protocol has been approved by an ethical committee of the West China Hospital (Sichuan University), and registered at the Chinese Clinical Trials Register (www.chictr.org.cn). Results will be published in a peer-reviewed journal. ER  - 
Cross-Validating the Embedded Performance Validity Indicators in the Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test in Mixed Neuropsychiatric and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Clinical Samples$$$ Objective: The Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test (RAVLT) is a common test of learning and memory with established embedded validity indicators (EVIs), including the Effort Score (ES) and Forced Choice (FC) recognition. Currently, the literature lacks a head-to-head comparison of the classification accuracy of ES and FC for detecting invalid test performance. This study aimed to cross-validate ES and FC in two large, diverse, independent samples. Method: This cross-sectional study included a mixed neuropsychiatric (n = 209) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) sample (n = 544). Validity groups were established using multiple criterion performance validity tests (PVTs), resulting in 242 valid/57 invalid and 480 valid/64 invalid performances in the neuropsychiatric and ADHD samples, respectively. Results: ES and FC both demonstrated robust classification accuracy. The optimal ES cut score was significantly higher for the ADHD (≤13; 41% sensitivity/90% specificity) than the neuropsychiatric (≤3; 33% sensitivity/89% specificity) sample. Classification accuracies of FC ranged from weak in the ADHD (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.67) to excellent in the neuropsychiatric (AUC = 0.80) sample. The FC cut score was ≤12 (54% sensitivity/91% specificity) in the neuropsychiatric and ≤14 in the ADHD (41% sensitivity/93% specificity) sample. Both EVIs were significant predictors of validity status when examined in combination. Conclusions: Both the RAVLT-ES and RAVLT-FC were effective as PVTs; however, their relative utility varied by sample such that FC had stronger classification statistics in the neuropsychiatric sample (which included a higher incidence of cognitive impairment and dementia), whereas ES was more robust in the adult ADHD sample. Moreover, considering This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. both EVIs may result in greater accuracy than isolation. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental Outcomes of a Cohort of Children with Tuberous Sclerosis Complex with Epileptic Spasms$$$ The neurodevelopmental outcomes in children with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) with epileptic spasms remain underdiagnosed and might be responsible for significant morbidity and mortality burdens, even after spasms abate. The study was a cross-sectional study over 18 months at a tertiary care pediatric hospital, involving 30 children with TSC who had epileptic spasms. They were assessed with Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-5 criteria for autism spectrum disorder (ASD), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and intellectual disability (ID), and childhood psychopathology measurement schedule (CPMS) for behavioral disorders. The median age at onset of epileptic spasms was 6.5 (1-12) months, and the age at enrolment was 5 (1-15) years. Of 30 children, 2 (6.7%) had only ADHD, 15 (50%) had only ID/GDD (global developmental delay), 4 (13.3%) had ASD and ID/GDD, 3 (10%) had ADHD and ID/GDD, and 6 (20%) had none. The median intelligence quotient/development quotient (IQ/DQ) score was 60.5 (20-105). CPMS assessment revealed significant behavioral abnormalities in almost half the children. Eight (26.7%) patients were completely seizure-free for at least 2 years, 8 (26.7%) had generalized tonic-clonic seizures, 11 (36.6%) had focal epilepsy, and 3 (10%) had evolved into Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. A high proportion of neurodevelopment disorders, including ASD, ADHD, ID/GDD, and behavioral disorders were seen in this pilot study with a small cohort of children with TSC with epileptic spasms. ER  - 
Widening the Spectrum of Risk Factors, Comorbidities, and Prodromal Features of Parkinson Disease$$$ Importance: The prodromal phase of Parkinson disease (PD) may last for more than 10 years. Recognition of the spectrum and occurrence of risk factors, comorbidities, and prodromal features of PD can increase understanding of the causes and development of the disease and help identify individuals at risk. Objective: To identify the association of a subsequent diagnosis of PD with a range of risk factors and prodromal features, including lifestyle factors, comorbidities, and potential extracerebral manifestations of PD. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a case-control study using insurance claims of outpatient consultations of patients with German statutory health insurance between January 1, 2011, and December 31, 2020. Included were patients with incident diagnosis of PD without a previous diagnosis of parkinsonism or dementia and controls matched 1:2 for age, sex, region, and earliest year of outpatient encounter. Exposures: Exposures were selected based on previous systematic reviews, case-control and cohort studies reporting on risk factors, comorbidities, and prodromal features of PD. Main Outcomes and Measures: Previously postulated risk factors and prodromal features of PD, using the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) coding. Results: A total of 138345 patients with incident PD (mean [SD] age, 75.1 [9.8] years; 73720 male [53.3%]) and 276690 matched controls (mean [SD] age, 75.1 (9.8) years; 147440 male [53.3%]) were identified. Study participants were followed up for a mean (SD) of 6.0 (2.0) years. Consistent with previous reports, risk factors and prodromal features associated with PD included traumatic brain injury, odds ratio (OR), 1.62; 95% CI, 1.36-1.92; alcohol misuse, OR, 1.32; 95% CI, 1.21-1.44; hypertension, OR, 1.29; 95% CI, 1.26-1.31; anosmia, OR, 2.16; 95% CI, 1.59-2.93; and parasomnias (including RBD), OR, 1.62; 95% CI, 1.42-1.84. In addition, there were associations with restless legs syndrome (OR, 4.19; 95% CI, 3.91-4.50), sleep apnea (OR, 1.45; 95% CI, 1.37-1.54), epilepsy (OR, 2.26; 95% CI, 2.07-2.46), migraine (OR, 1.21; 95% CI, 1.12-1.29), bipolar disorder (OR, 3.81; 95% CI, 3.11-4.67), and schizophrenia (OR, 4.48; 95% CI, 3.82-5.25). The following diagnoses were also found to be associated with PD: sensory impairments beyond anosmia, such as hearing loss (OR, 1.14; 95% CI, 1.09-1.20) and changes of skin sensation (OR, 1.31; 95% CI, 1.21-1.43). There were also positive associations with skin disorders (eg, seborrheic dermatitis, OR, 1.30; 95% CI, 1.15-1.46; psoriasis, OR, 1.13; 95% CI, 1.05-1.21), gastrointestinal disorders (eg, gastroesophageal reflux, OR, 1.29; 95% CI, 1.25-1.33; gastritis, OR, 1.28; 95% CI, 1.24-1.33), conditions with a potential inflammatory component (eg, seronegative osteoarthritis, OR, 1.21; 95% CI, 1.03-1.43), and diabetes types 1 (OR, 1.32; 95% CI, 1.21-1.43) and 2 (OR, 1.24; 95% CI, 1.20-1.27). Associations even 5 to 10 years before diagnosis included tremor (odds ratio [OR], 4.49; 95% CI, 3.98-5.06), restless legs syndrome (OR, 3.73; 95% CI, 3.39-4.09), bipolar disorder (OR, 3.80; 95% CI, 2.82-5.14), and schizophrenia (OR, 4.00; 95% CI, 3.31-4.85). Conclusions and Relevance: Results of this case-control study suggest that the associations found between PD and certain risk factors, comorbidities, and prodromal symptoms in a representative population may reflect possible early extrastriatal and extracerebral pathology of PD. This may be due to shared genetic risk with PD, medication exposure, or direct causation, or represent pathophysiologically relevant factors contributing to the pathogenesis of PD. ER  - 
Motor stereotypies in autism spectrum disorder: Clinical randomized study and classification proposal$$$ Motor stereotypies are frequently reported in individuals with autism spectrum disorder, but determinants of stereotypies remain poorly understood. In this study, a randomized sample of children with diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder was investigated to identify the prevalence and determinants of stereotypies. A total of 134 children who carried the diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder were included (aged 2.3–17.6 years; 79.1% male). Stereotypies were classified during a standardized protocol with video recording. The prevalence of stereotypies was 56.7%. Among 1198 captured stereotypies, hand/arm stereotypies were the most frequent. Thirty-five morphology patterns were identified, the most frequent being hand flapping, tapping, and jumping. In univariate analysis, an association was found between stereotypies and younger age (odds ratio = 0.74), developmental delay, or intellectual disability (odds ratio = 5.25), being nonverbal (odds ratio = 0.06), epilepsy (odds ratio = 3.89), Autism Diagnostic Interview–Revised-A score (odds ratio = 1.17), Autism Diagnostic Interview–Revised-C score (odds ratio = 1.25), and Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule–2 score (odds ratio = 1.65). After multivariate analysis, only younger age, being nonverbal, and Autism Diagnostic Interview–Revised-A and Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule–2 scores remained as determinants of stereotypies. The prevalence of stereotypies in autism spectrum disorder was close to the values obtained in a previous meta-analysis and seems to represent a valid value. The combination of younger age, being nonverbal, and autism severity seems to increase the odds of stereotypies. Lay abstract: Motor stereotypies are one of the most frequent features in children with a diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder. They may disrupt children’s functioning and development and be a potential source of stress for families. Several factors, including sex, age, cognitive ability, and severity of autism spectrum disorder, may influence the presence and intensity of stereotypies. The present study aimed to identify the prevalence of motor stereotypies in a group of children with autism spectrum disorder. In addition, it sought to investigate whether sex, age, cognitive ability, verbal language, neurological comorbidities, and severity of autism spectrum disorder were associated with an increased probability and higher number, duration, and variability of stereotypies. A total of 134 participants aged 2.3–17.6 years underwent a clinical protocol with standardized video-recorded sessions. Stereotypies were identified and classified by two independent evaluators. The prevalence of stereotypies was 56.7%, and a total of 1198 motor stereotypies were captured. Children who were younger, nonverbal, and had higher severity of autism spectrum disorder had an increased probability of presenting stereotypies. Being nonverbal or having higher severity of autism spectrum disorder was also associated with presenting a higher number of stereotypies. Children with developmental delay, intellectual disability, or epilepsy displayed longer stereotypies, and children with developmental delay or intellectual disability additionally presented more diverse stereotypies. As part of the study, the authors present a clinical classification model, a glossary, and video samples of motor stereotypies. The findings of this study suggest that children who are younger, nonverbal, have lower cognitive ability, and have higher severity of autism spectrum disorder may have a higher burden of stereotypies. Earlier intervention and monitoring of these children have the potential to improve their long-term outcomes. ER  - 
A phase I trial of metformin in combination with vincristine, irinotecan, and temozolomide in children with relapsed or refractory solid and central nervous system tumors: A report from the national pediatric cancer foundation$$$ Background: Patients with relapsed and refractory solid and central nervous system (CNS) tumors have poor outcomes and need novel therapeutic options. Vincristine, irinotecan, and temozolomide (VIT) is a common chemotherapy regimen in relapsed pediatric tumors with an established toxicity profile. Metformin shows preclinical anti-cancer activity through multiple pathways. Methods: The objective of this Phase I trial was to establish the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and recommended Phase II dose (RP2D) of metformin in combination with VIT in children with relapsed and refractory solid and CNS tumors. A 3 + 3 design was used to test the addition of metformin at five dose levels (666, 999, 1333, 1666, and 2000 mg/m2/day). Therapy toxicity, pharmacokinetics, and radiologic response to treatment were evaluated. Results: Twenty-six patients (median age 13 years, range 2–18 years) were enrolled with 22 evaluable for toxicity. The most common diagnoses were Ewing sarcoma (n = 8), rhabdomyosarcoma (n = 3) and atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor (n = 3). The MTD was exceeded at Dose Level 5 due to two dose-limiting toxicities; both were Grade 3 diarrhea requiring prolonged hospitalization and intravenous fluids. The MTD was not determined due to study closure with less than six patients enrolled at Dose Level 4. Frequently observed toxicities were gastrointestinal (most notably diarrhea) and hematologic. Amongst 16 patients evaluable for best overall response, there was one complete response (Ewing sarcoma), three partial responses (Ewing sarcoma, glioblastoma multiforme, and alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma), and five patients with stable disease. Conclusions: The MTD of VIT with metformin was not determined due to premature study closure. We recommend an RP2D of Dose Level 4, 1666 mg/m2/day. Radiographic responses were seen in multiple tumor types. Further evaluation for efficacy could be investigated in a Phase II trial. ER  - 
Comorbidities and clinical outcomes in adult- and juvenile-onset Huntington’s disease: a study of linked Swedish National Registries (2002–2019)$$$ Background: Huntington’s disease (HD) is a rare, neurodegenerative disease and its complex motor, cognitive and psychiatric symptoms exert a lifelong clinical burden on both patients and their families. Objective: To describe the clinical burden and natural history of HD. Methods: This longitudinal cohort study used data from the linked Swedish national registries to describe the occurrence of comorbidities (acute and chronic), symptomatic treatments and mortality in an incident cohort of individuals who either received the first diagnosis of HD above (adult onset HD; AoHD) or below (juvenile-onset HD; JoHD) 20 years of age, compared with a matched cohort without HD from the general population. Disease burden of all individuals alive in Sweden was described during a single calendar year (2018), including the occurrence of key symptoms, treatments and hospitalizations. Results: The prevalence of HD in 2018 was approximately 10.2 per 100,000. Of 1492 individuals with a diagnosis of HD during 2002 and 2018, 1447 had AoHD and 45 had JoHD. Individuals with AoHD suffered a higher incidence of obsessive–compulsive disorder, acute psychotic episodes, pneumonia, constipation and fractures compared with matched controls. Individuals with JoHD had higher incidence rates of epilepsy, constipation and acute respiratory symptoms. Median time to all-cause mortality in AoHD was 12.1 years from diagnosis. Patients alive with HD in Sweden in 2018 displayed a pattern of increased clinical burden for a number of years since diagnosis. Conclusions: This study demonstrates the significant and progressive clinical burden in individuals with HD and presents novel insights into the natural history of JoHD. ER  - 
Using Patient-Reported Health Data From Social Media to Identify Diverse Lupus Patients and Assess Their Symptom and Medication Expressions: A Feasibility Study$$$ Objective: Patient communities use social media for peer support and information seeking. This study assessed the feasibility of using public patient-generated health data from the social network Twitter to identify diverse lupus patients and gather their perspectives about disease symptoms and medications. Methods: We extracted public lupus-related Twitter messages (n = 47,715 tweets) in English posted by users (n = 8,446) in the US between September 1, 2017 and October 31, 2018. We analyzed the data to describe lupus patients and the expressed themes (symptoms and medications). Two independent coders analyzed the data; Cohen's kappa coefficient was used to ensure interrater reliability. Differences in symptom and medication expressions were analyzed using 2-tailed Z tests and a combination of 1-way analysis of variance tests and unpaired t-tests. Results: We found that lupus patients on Twitter are diverse in gender and race: approximately one-third (34.64%, 62 of 179) were persons of color (POCs), and 85.47% were female. The expressed disease symptoms and medications varied significantly by gender and race. Most of our findings correlated with documented clinical observations, e.g., expressions of general pain (8.39%, 709 of 8,446), flares (6.05%, 511 of 8,446), and fatigue (4.18%, 353 of 8,446). However, our data also revealed less well-known patient observations, e.g., possible racial disparities within ocular manifestations of lupus. Conclusion: Our results indicate that social media surveillance can provide valuable data of clinical relevance from the perspective of lupus patients. The medical community has the opportunity to harness this information to inform the patient-centered care within underrepresented patient groups, such as POCs. ER  - 
Temporal trends and rural-urban disparities in cerebrovascular risk factors, in-hospital management and outcomes in ischaemic strokes in China from 2005 to 2015: A nationwide serial cross-sectional survey$$$ Background Stroke is the leading cause of mortality in China, with limited evidence of in-hospital burden obtained from nationwide surveys. We aimed to monitor and track the temporal trends and rural-urban disparities in cerebrovascular risk factors, management and outcomes from 2005 to 2015. Methods We used a two-stage random sampling survey to create a nationally representative sample of patients admitted for ischaemic stroke in 2005, 2010 and 2015. We sampled participating hospitals with an economic-geographical region-stratified random-sampling approach first and then obtained patients with a systematic sampling approach. We weighed our survey data to estimate the national-level results and assess changes from 2005 to 2015. Results We analysed 28 277 ischaemic stroke admissions from 189 participating hospitals. From 2005 to 2015, the estimated national hospital admission rate for ischaemic stroke per 100 000 people increased (from 75.9 to 402.7, P trend <0.001), and the prevalence of risk factors, including hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidaemia and current smoking, increased. The composite score of diagnostic tests for stroke aetiology assessment (from 0.22 to 0.36, P trend <0.001) and secondary prevention treatments (from 0.46 to 0.70, P trend <0.001) were improved. A temporal decrease was found in discharge against medical advice (DAMA) (from 15.2% (95% CI 13.7% to 16.7%) to 8.6% (8.1% to 9.0%); adjusted P trend =0.046), and decreases in in-hospital mortality (0.7% in 2015 vs 1.8% in 2005; adjusted OR (aOR) 0.52; 95% CI 0.32 to 0.85) and the composite outcome of in-hospital mortality or DAMA (8.4% in 2015 vs 13.9% in 2005; aOR 0.65; 95% CI 0.47 to 0.89) were observed. Disparities between rural and urban hospitals narrowed; however, disparities persisted in in-hospital management (brain MRI: rural-urban difference from-14.4% to-11.2%; cerebrovascular assessment: from-20.3% to-16.7%; clopidogrel: from-2.1% to-10.3%; anticoagulant for atrial fibrillation: from-10.9% to-8.2%) and in-hospital outcomes (DAMA: from 2.7% to 5.0%; composite outcome of in-hospital mortality or DAMA: from 2.4% to 4.6%). Conclusions From 2005 to 2015, improvements in hospital admission and in-hospital management for ischaemic stroke in China were found. A temporal improvement in DAMA and improvements in in-hospital mortality and the composite outcome of in-hospital mortality or DAMA were observed. Disparities between rural and urban hospitals generally narrowed but persisted. ER  - 
Cortical profiles of numerous psychiatric disorders and normal development share a common pattern$$$ The neurobiological bases of the association between development and psychopathology remain poorly understood. Here, we identify a shared spatial pattern of cortical thickness (CT) in normative development and several psychiatric and neurological disorders. Principal component analysis (PCA) was applied to CT of 68 regions in the Desikan-Killiany atlas derived from three large-scale datasets comprising a total of 41,075 neurotypical participants. PCA produced a spatially broad first principal component (PC1) that was reproducible across datasets. Then PC1 derived from healthy adult participants was compared to the pattern of CT differences associated with psychiatric and neurological disorders comprising a total of 14,886 cases and 20,962 controls from seven ENIGMA disease-related working groups, normative maturation and aging comprising a total of 17,697 scans from the ABCD Study® and the IMAGEN developmental study, and 17,075 participants from the ENIGMA Lifespan working group, as well as gene expression maps from the Allen Human Brain Atlas. Results revealed substantial spatial correspondences between PC1 and widespread lower CT observed in numerous psychiatric disorders. Moreover, the PC1 pattern was also correlated with the spatial pattern of normative maturation and aging. The transcriptional analysis identified a set of genes including KCNA2, KCNS1 and KCNS2 with expression patterns closely related to the spatial pattern of PC1. The gene category enrichment analysis indicated that the transcriptional correlations of PC1 were enriched to multiple gene ontology categories and were specifically over-represented starting at late childhood, coinciding with the onset of significant cortical maturation and emergence of psychopathology during the prepubertal-to-pubertal transition. Collectively, the present study reports a reproducible latent pattern of CT that captures interregional profiles of cortical changes in both normative brain maturation and a spectrum of psychiatric disorders. The pubertal timing of the expression of PC1-related genes implicates disrupted neurodevelopment in the pathogenesis of the spectrum of psychiatric diseases emerging during adolescence. ER  - 
Staring Spells: An Age-based Approach Toward Differential Diagnosis$$$ Evaluations to rule out epileptic vs nonepileptic staring spells may entail unnecessary evaluations that can be costly and time consuming. Our study aims to identify common etiologies for staring spells across 3 different pediatric age groups and to propose an age-based clinical guidance to help determine which patients warrant further workup. Methods: This was a single-center retrospective chart analysis of 1496 patients aged 0.0-17.9 years presenting with confirmed staring spell diagnosis from January 2011 to January 2021. The patients were divided into 3 groups based on their age: 0.0-2.9, 3.0-12.9, and 13.0-17.9 years. Patient information collected included demographics, clinical presentation, comorbidities, and final diagnosis. Multilevel likelihood ratios and a receiver operating characteristic curve were determined using 8 of the 11 clinical variables. A total of 1142 patients who met the inclusion criteria were included for the final analysis. The most common final diagnosis was attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) (35%), followed by normal behavior (33%). Generalized and focal epilepsy were diagnosed in 8% and 4% of the patients, respectively. In the 0.0-2.9-year age group, normal behavior was the final diagnosis in 72% patients. In the 3.0-12.9-year and 13.0-17.9-year age groups, ADHD was the most frequent final diagnosis in 46% and 60%, respectively. Overall, ADHD and normal behaviors remain the most common final diagnoses. Multilevel likelihood ratios can be used to develop an age-based guidance to differentiate between epileptic and nonepileptic staring spell diagnoses. ER  - 
Probing dual harm and non-violent misconduct among imprisoned adult men in Northern Ireland$$$ Purpose: This study examines the prevalence of dual harm (i.e. self-harm and violence) among imprisoned adult men in Northern Ireland, the relationship between dual harm and non-violent misconduct, while controlling for other known risk factors for misconduct, as well as how those who engage in dual harm may differ from other groups. Methods: Using the administrative records of 892 adult men, descriptive statistics assessed the prevalence of dual harm. A negative binominal regression followed by predicted margins examined the relationship between dual harm and non-violent misconduct accounting for controls. Additionally, a multinomial logistic regression was utilised to identify if those engaged in dual harm differed from others in terms of their characteristics and in-prison experiences. Results: The findings indicate that 1-in-5 adult men were engaged in dual harm, with these men accounting for 72% of all non-violent misconduct incidents examined. Dual harm was significantly related to an increased involvement in non-violent misconduct compared to other harm histories (self-harm only, violence only, or no harm) even when other known risk factors were considered. Those engaged in dual harm were also discovered to possess a number of characteristics that differ significantly from other groups. Conclusion: These findings strengthen emerging research indicating those who engage in dual harm are a distinct group that can be challenging to manage due to their increased involvement in misconduct and their multiple needs, which existing services and supports may be ill suited to address. ER  - 
Efficacy of Omaveloxolone in Friedreich's Ataxia: Delayed-Start Analysis of the MOXIe Extension$$$ Background: MOXIe was a two-part study evaluating the safety and efficacy of omaveloxolone in patients with Friedreich's ataxia, a rare, progressive neurological disease with no proven therapy. MOXIe part 2, a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial, showed omaveloxolone significantly improved modified Friedreich's Ataxia Rating Scale (mFARS) scores relative to placebo. Patients who completed part 1 or 2 were eligible to receive omaveloxolone in an open-label extension study. Objective: The delayed-start study compared mFARS scores at the end of MOXIe part 2 with those at 72 weeks in the open-label extension period (up to 144 weeks) for patients initially randomized to omaveloxolone versus those initially randomized to placebo. Methods: We performed a noninferiority test to compare the difference between treatment groups (placebo to omaveloxolone versus omaveloxolone to omaveloxolone) using a single mixed model repeated measures (MMRM) model. In addition, slopes of the change in mFARS scores were compared between both groups in the open-label extension. Results: The noninferiority testing demonstrated that the difference in mFARS between omaveloxolone and placebo observed at the end of placebo-controlled MOXIe part 2 (−2.17 ± 1.09 points) was preserved after 72 weeks in the extension (−2.91 ± 1.44 points). In addition, patients previously randomized to omaveloxolone in MOXIe part 2 continued to show no worsening in mFARS relative to their extension baseline through 144 weeks. Conclusions: These results support the positive results of MOXIe part 2 and indicate a persistent benefit of omaveloxolone treatment on disease course in Friedreich's ataxia. © 2022 The Authors. Movement Disorders published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes of preterm infants in the first 6 years of life: a nationwide population-based study in Korea$$$ This study examined the relationship between gestational age and long-term outcomes up to 6 years of age using population-based big data from the National Health Insurance Service in Korea. This retrospective observational cohort study used data from the National Health Information Database (2011–2017). All children born in Korea during 2011 (January 1–December 31) were eligible and were followed up until 2017. Gestational age groups were divided into extremely preterm (< 28 weeks), very preterm (28–31 weeks), moderate-to-late preterm (32–36 weeks), and full-term (37–41 weeks). The survival rate, neurodevelopmental diseases, hearing or visual impairment, and respiratory morbidities were compared for each gestational age group. In total, 370,301 children were included in the analysis. The total survival rate increased with increasing gestational age. Furthermore, the risk of neurodevelopmental diseases (i.e., epilepsy, cerebral palsy, delayed development, mental retardation, language disorder, developmental coordination disorder, autism spectrum disorder), hearing or visual impairment, and asthma-related inhaler prescription increased with decreasing gestational age, despite adjustment for covariates. Conclusion: Lower gestational age was associated with an increase in a wide spectrum of adverse neurodevelopmental and respiratory outcomes in the first 6 years of life. Although morbidities were highest at the earliest gestational ages, moderate-to-late preterm children were significantly associated with increased adverse outcomes compared with full-term children. Our findings prove this under-recognized group’s long-term follow-up and policy support.What is Known:• Infants born preterm are at high risk for neurodevelopmental and various medical health problems.• Nationwide research on long-term outcomes for moderate-to-late preterm birth is sparse.What is New:• In this nationwide cohort study, lower gestational age at birth was inversely associated with increased adverse neurodevelopmental and respiratory outcomes in the first 6 years of life.• Long-term follow-up and policy support are required for moderate-to-late preterm children who are at risk of increased adverse outcomes compared with full-term births. ER  - 
Diagnostic yield of clinical exome sequencing in adulthood in medical genetics clinics$$$ Clinical exome sequencing (ES) is the most comprehensive genomic test to identify underlying genetic diseases in Canada. We performed this retrospective cohort study to investigate the diagnostic yield of clinical ES in adulthood. Inclusion criteria were: (1) Adult patients ≥18 years old; (2) Patients underwent clinical ES between January 1 and December 31, 2021; (3) Patients were seen in the Department of Medical Genetics. We reviewed patient charts. We applied American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics and the Association for Molecular Pathology variant classification guidelines for interpretation of variants. Non-parametric Fisher's exact statistical test was used. Seventy-seven patients underwent clinical ES. Fourteen different genetic diseases were confirmed in 15 patients: FBXO11, MYH7, MED13L, NSD2, ANKRD11 (n = 2), SHANK3, RHOBTB2, CDKL5, TRIO, TCF4, SCN1, SMAD3, POGZ, and EIF2B3 diseases. The diagnostic yield of clinical ES was 19.5%. Patients with a genetic diagnosis had a significantly higher frequency of neurodevelopmental disorders than those with no genetic diagnosis (p = 0.00339). The diagnostic yield of clinical ES was the highest in patients with seizures (35.7%), and with progressive neurodegenerative diseases (33.3%). Clinical ES is a helpful genomic test to provide genetic diagnoses to the patients who are referred to medical genetic clinics due to suspected genetic diseases in adulthood to end their diagnostic odyssey. Targeted next generation sequencing panels for specific phenotypes may decrease the cost of genomic test in adulthood. ER  - 
A randomized, open-label, two-treatment crossover study to evaluate the effect of food on the pharmacokinetics of diazepam nasal spray in healthy adults$$$ Objective: The pharmacokinetics of oral diazepam are affected by food, but food-effect studies have not been conducted for diazepam nasal spray because it is believed that most absorption occurs via the nasal mucosa. However, gastrointestinal side effects reported with nasal diazepam suggest that at least a portion of the drug may be absorbed enterally and thus subject to food effects. The objective of this study was to evaluate the possible effects of food on the pharmacokinetics of diazepam nasal spray in healthy adults. Methods: This randomized, open-label crossover study compared equal doses of diazepam nasal spray after an overnight fast and after a standardized high-fat, high-calorie breakfast. Each participant served as their own control, and there was a washout period of at least 21 days between treatments. Results: Twenty-four healthy adults enrolled in this study. Two participants withdrew consent, and two had pre-dose diazepam concentrations that exceeded the protocol-defined minimum after the washout period and were excluded from the final analysis population of 20 participants. Under fed conditions, the mean maximum plasma diazepam concentration was decreased by 48% (p <.0001) and the overall diazepam exposure during the first 4 h was reduced by 57% (p <.0001) compared with fasted conditions. The time to maximum plasma concentration was 4.0 h in the fed state compared with 2.0 h in the fasted state (p <.0001). At 2 h post-dose, diazepam concentrations were ≥150 ng/mL for 100% of the participants when in the fasted state and 30% when in the fed state. Significantly more participants experienced adverse events under fasted conditions (83.3%) than under fed conditions (54.5%; p =.0340). Significance: This study in healthy volunteers demonstrated that food significantly decreases and delays the absorption of diazepam dosed via nasal spray. Patients using diazepam nasal spray after eating may obtain diazepam concentrations that are below those needed for seizure control. ER  - 
Somatic symptoms and related disorders in a large cohort of people with epilepsy: A cohort study$$$ Objective: This study was undertaken to characterize somatic symptoms and related disorders (SSD) in epilepsy. Methods: Adults with epilepsy under active follow-up at a tertiary epilepsy center were consecutively enrolled. The diagnosis of SSD was performed by an experienced psychologist based on the structured clinical interview for Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th edition. Detailed social/demographic data, epilepsy features, psychiatric features, life quality, disability, and economic burden were collected and compared between people with SSD and those without. Bodily distress syndrome checklist, Somatic Symptom Disorder–B Criteria Scale, Patient Health Questionnaire-9, and Generalized Anxiety Disorder seven-item scale (GAD-7) were used to evaluate SSD individuals' somatic symptoms, symptom-related psychological distress, and depressive and anxious symptoms. Quality of life and disability were assessed by Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory 31 (QOLIE-31) and World Health Organization Disability Assessment Schedule V.2.0 (WHO DAS 2.0). A risk prediction nomogram was generated using least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) analysis and validated. Results: One hundred fifty of 631 participants (24%) were diagnosed with SSD. In people with SSD, the top three most common somatic symptoms were memory impairment, headache, and dizziness (85%, 80%, and 78%, respectively), and multiple systems were involved in most (82%) people with SSD. Compared with people without SSD, those with SSD had lower QOLIE-31 total scores, and higher WHO DAS 2.0 scores and disease economic burdens. LASSO analysis suggested that a history of severe traumatic brain injury, hippocampal sclerosis, low seizure worry and medication effects scores on QOLIE-31, multiple systems affected by somatic symptoms, and a high GAD-7 score were risk factors of SSD. The nomogram was validated for good accuracy in the training and testing cohorts. Significance: SSD are likely to be a common comorbidity in epilepsy and harm epilepsy prognosis. Our risk prediction nomogram was successfully developed but needs further validation in larger cohorts. ER  - 
Contribution of the μ-opioid receptor system to affective disorders in temporal lobe epilepsy: A bidirectional relationship?$$$ Objective: Affective disorders are frequent comorbidities of temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). The endogenous opioid system has been implicated in both epilepsy and affective disorders, and may play a significant role in their bidirectional relationship. In this cross-sectional study, we investigated the association between μ-opioid receptor binding and affective disorders in patients with TLE. Methods: Nine patients with TLE and depression/anxiety underwent 11C-carfentanil positron emission tomography (CFN PET) and neuropsychiatric assessment, including the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale and the Positive and Negative Affect Schedule. The normalized CFN PET scans were compared with those of 26 age-matched healthy controls. Correlation analyses with affective symptoms were performed by region of interest-based analysis focusing on the limbic circuit and orbitofrontal cortex. Results: We observed widely reduced CFN binding potential (BP) in bilateral frontal lobes and striata in patients with TLE compared to healthy controls. In the TLE group, more severe anxiety and negative affect were associated with decreased CFN BP in the posterior cingulate gyrus. Significance: In patients with TLE, interictally reduced binding in the opioid system was associated with higher levels of anxiety and negative affect. We speculate that seizure-related agonist-driven desensitization and downregulation of opioid receptors could be a potential underlying pathomechanism. ER  - 
The effect of lacosamide monotherapy on sleep architecture in patients with epilepsy: a preliminary evidence$$$ Lacosamide (LCM) is a third-generation antiseizure medication (ASM), and its effect on sleep architecture was supported by a few studies in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy in which LCM was used as an add-on treatment. To gather knowledge on ASMs effects on sleep, this study aimed at evaluating the effects of LCM monotherapy on sleep in patients with focal epilepsy. Ten patients diagnosed with epilepsy (mean age 58.00 ± 14.77, 60.0% female, mean monthly seizure frequency 1.20 ± 2.48) starting LCM as monotherapy were included. Sleep architecture was assessed through polysomnography at baseline and at the 6-month follow-up visit. A significant decrease was observed in seizure frequency (p = 0.004), being all patients seizure-free at follow-up. At baseline, eight patients had poor sleep efficiency (< 85%). Sleep efficiency increased at follow-up, with only three patients having an index < 85% (p = 0.022). From baseline to follow-up, a significant decrease was observed in sleep latency (p = 0.022) and wakefulness after sleep onset (p = 0.047). Moreover, a significant decrease was observed in the percentage of stage 1 (Md = 6.70 vs Md = 3.85, p = 0.005) and stage 3 (Md = 27.70 vs Md = 22.35, p = 0.01) of Non-REM sleep. This study suggests that LCM monotherapy may positively impact sleep architecture in patients with epilepsy. The sleep efficiency improvement and the decrease of sleep latency and wakefulness after sleep onset observed at follow-up highlight better sleep stability and continuity in patients treated with LCM. Notably, all patients were seizure-free at follow-up, and seizure freedom may also concur to sleep structure improvement. ER  - 
Sinonasal complications of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2: A single center case series$$$ Background: The emergence of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) has resulted in an unprecedented global pandemic. Most infected patients are either asymptomatic or have mild upper respiratory infection symptoms. However, life-threatening sequelae have been observed. In this report, we reviewed nine cases of patients with severe complications from sinonasal disease in the setting of acute SARS-CoV-2 infection. Methods: IRB approval was obtained prior to study initiation. A retrospective chart review was performed of patients admitted to a tertiary hospital with complex sinonasal symptoms that required otolaryngologic evaluation and management in the setting of concomitant SARS-CoV-2 infection. Results: Nine patients, ranging from ages 3 to 71 years, with sinonasal disease and simultaneous SARS-CoV-2 infection were identified. Initial presentations ranged from asymptomatic infection to mild/moderate disease (nasal obstruction, cough) or more severe sequelae including epistaxis, proptosis, or neurologic changes. SARS-CoV-2 tests were positive from one to 12 days after symptom onset, with three patients receiving SARS-CoV-2-directed treatment. Complex disease presentations included bilateral orbital abscesses, suppurative intracranial infection, cavernous sinus thrombosis with epidural abscess, systemic hematogenous spread with abscess development in four distinct anatomic locations, and hemorrhagic benign adenoidal tissue. Eight of nine patients (88.8%) required operative intervention. Patients with abscesses also required prolonged, culture-directed antibiotic courses. Conclusion: Though most SARS-CoV-2 infections are asymptomatic and/or self-limited, there is significant morbidity and mortality in patients with severe disease sequela as outlined in our reported cases. This suggests early identification and treatment of sinonasal disease in this patient population is critical to minimizing poor outcomes. Further research on the pathophysiology of these atypical presentations is needed. Level of Evidence: 4 (Case Series). ER  - 
Central nervous system involvement in systemic lupus erythematosus: Data from the Spanish Society of Rheumatology Lupus Register (RELESSER)$$$ Objectives: To analyze the prevalence, incidence, survival and contribution on mortality of major central nervous system (CNS) involvement in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods: Patients fulfilling the SLE 1997 ACR classification criteria from the multicentre, retrospective RELESSER-TRANS (Spanish Society of Rheumatology Lupus Register) were included. Prevalence, incidence and survival rates of major CNS neuropsychiatric (NP)-SLE as a group and the individual NP manifestations cerebrovascular disease (CVD), seizure, psychosis, organic brain syndrome and transverse myelitis were calculated. Furthermore, the contribution of these manifestations on mortality was analysed in Cox regression models adjusted for confounders. Results: A total of 3591 SLE patients were included. Of them, 412 (11.5%) developed a total of 522 major CNS NP-SLE manifestations. 61 patients (12%) with major CNS NP-SLE died. The annual mortality rate for patients with and without ever major CNS NP-SLE was 10.8% vs 3.8%, respectively. Individually, CVD (14%) and organic brain syndrome (15.5%) showed the highest mortality rates. The 10% mortality rate for patients with and without ever major CNS NP-SLE was reached after 12.3 vs 22.8 years, respectively. CVD (9.8 years) and organic brain syndrome (7.1 years) reached the 10% mortality rate earlier than other major CNS NP-SLE manifestations. Major CNS NP-SLE (HR 1.85, 1.29–2.67) and more specifically CVD (HR 2.17, 1.41–3.33) and organic brain syndrome (HR 2.11, 1.19–3.74) accounted as independent prognostic factors for poor survival. Conclusion: The presentation of major CNS NP-SLE during the disease course contributes to a higher mortality, which may differ depending on the individual NP manifestation. CVD and organic brain syndrome are associated with the highest mortality rates. ER  - 
Microstructural Changes in the Corpus Callosum in Systemic Lupus Erythematous$$$ Central nervous system (CNS) involvement in childhood-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (cSLE) occurs in more than 50% of patients. Structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) has identified global cerebral atrophy, as well as the involvement of the corpus callosum and hippocampus, which is associated with cognitive impairment. In this cross-sectional study we included 71 cSLE (mean age 24.7 years (SD 4.6) patients and a disease duration of 11.8 years (SD 4.8) and two control groups: (1) 49 adult-onset SLE (aSLE) patients (mean age of 33.2 (SD 3.7) with a similar disease duration and (2) 58 healthy control patients (mean age of 29.9 years (DP 4.1)) of a similar age. All of the individuals were evaluated on the day of the MRI scan (Phillips 3T scanner). We reviewed medical charts to obtain the clinical and immunological features and treatment history of the SLE patients. Segmentation of the corpus callosum was performed through an automated segmentation method. Patients with cSLE had a similar mid-sagittal area of the corpus callosum in comparison to the aSLE patients. When compared to the control groups, cSLE and aSLE had a significant reduction in the mid-sagittal area in the posterior region of the corpus callosum. We observed significantly lower FA values and significantly higher MD, RD, and AD values in the total area of the corpus callosum and in the parcels B, C, D, and E in cSLE patients when compared to the aSLE patients. Low complement, the presence of anticardiolipin antibodies, and cognitive impairment were associated with microstructural changes. In conclusion, we observed greater microstructural changes in the corpus callosum in adults with cSLE when compared to those with aSLE. Longitudinal studies are necessary to follow these changes, however they may explain the worse cognitive function and disability observed in adults with cSLE when compared to aSLE. ER  - 
Longitudinal assessment of comorbidities and co-occurring conditions in adolescents with migraine: A secondary analysis of the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health (Add Health)$$$ Objective: To investigate the links between adolescent migraine and comorbid and co-occurring conditions using a large, nationally representative longitudinal study. Background: Comorbidities and co-occurring conditions play an important role in the clinical treatment of individuals with migraine. Research in this area has focused largely on the adult population using cross-sectional data, but less is known about adolescents and how conditions may co-occur over time from a broader developmental perspective. The goals of this manuscript were to empirically evaluate the associations between adolescent migraine and several linked conditions and explore the relative timings of onset of these conditions from adolescence to adulthood. Methods: Data came from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health (Add Health), a school-based study of the health-related behaviors and conditions of adolescents. The present study examined data from Wave 1 (W1, study years: 1994–1995), Wave 4 (W4, study years: 2008–2009), and Wave 5 (W5, study years: 2016–2018). Analyses and visual plots were used to evaluate potential links between parent-reported adolescent migraine status (PR-AdMig) at W1 and 15 medical conditions identified based on self-reported medical diagnoses (SR-MDs) at W4 and W5. Based on prior literature in adults, we identified 11 conditions predicted to be associated with PR-AdMig and four conditions predicted not to be associated with PR-AdMig. The analyses were exploratory and post hoc. Results: The total sample size pooling over all analyses was n = 13,786, but the wave-specific sample sizes differed due to missing data (W4 analyses, n = 12,692; W5 analyses, n = 10,340); 7243/13,786 (unweighted: 52.5%; weighted: 50.5%) of participants were female, 7640/13,786 (unweighted: 55.4%; weighted: 68.6%) were White, and 1580/13,786 (unweighted: 11.5%; weighted: 12.0%) had PR-AdMig. The average ages were 15.8 years at W1, 28.7 years at W4, and 37.8 years at W5. Findings showed that PR-AdMig was associated with anxiety/panic disorder (W4: PR-AdMig vs. Control weighted %: 17.1% vs. 12.6%, unadjusted odds ratio [OR] = 1.43, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.18–1.74, p = 0.0003; W5: 31.6% vs. 22.4%, OR = 1.60, 95% CI 1.28–2.02, p < 0.0001), asthma/chronic bronchitis/emphysema (W4: 20.0% vs. 14.7%, OR = 1.45, 95% CI 1.20–1.76, p < 0.001; W5: 21.0% vs. 14.6%, OR = 1.55, 95% CI 1.25–1.94, p < 0.001), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (W4: 8.3% vs. 5.4%, OR = 1.58, 95% CI 1.18–2.10, p = 0.002), depression (W4: 23.7% vs. 15.4%, OR = 1.71, 95% CI 1.43–2.04, p < 0.0001; W5: 33.8% vs. 25.1%, OR = 1.53, 95% CI 1.22–1.90, p < 0.001), epilepsy/seizure disorder (W4: 2.2% vs. 1.2%, OR = 1.84, 95% CI 1.23–2.76, p = 0.004), migraine (W4: 38.8% vs. 11.9%, OR = 4.7, 95% CI 4.1–5.5, p < 0.001), post-traumatic stress disorder (W4: 4.1% vs. 2.8%, OR = 1.45, 95% CI 1.01–2.08, p = 0.042; W5: 11.3% vs. 7.1%, OR = 1.67, 95% CI 1.27–2.20, p < 0.001), and sleep apnea (W5: 11.0% vs. 7.6%, OR = 1.51, 95% CI 1.15–1.98, p = 0.003). Among theoretically unlinked conditions, only hepatitis C at W4 was shown to have a relationship with adolescent onset migraine (0.7% vs. 0.2%, OR = 3.63, 95% CI 1.32–10.0, p = 0.013). Visual plots suggested that the retrospective, self-report timing of onset of specific subsets of co-occurring conditions tended to group together over time. Conclusions: Consistent with the existing headache literature, results showed that adolescent migraine was associated with other medical and psychological conditions and visual plots suggested that there may be developmental patterns in the occurrence of migraine with other related conditions. ER  - 
Medical and Psychiatric Risk Factors for Dementia in Veterans with and without Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI): A Nationwide Cohort Study$$$ Background: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a risk factor for dementia and is common, especially among Veterans. It is unknown whether TBI exposure moderates the effect of other common medical/psychiatric comorbidities that are also risk factors for dementia. If treatable or preventable risk factors have a different impact on TBI-exposed Veterans, then this may have important public health implications for dementia prevention. Objectives: Determine prevalence of common medical/ psychiatric comorbidities and associated risk of dementia in Veterans with versus without TBI. Design: Observational cohort. Setting: Nationwide Veterans Health Administrative data 2001–2019. Participants: After excluding baseline dementia, Veterans age ≥55 years with TBI (N=95,139) were age/sex/race-matched 1:2 with Veterans without TBI (N=190,278). Measurements: We compared prevalence of hypertension, coronary artery disease (CAD), diabetes, cerebrovascular disease (CVD), epilepsy, depression, and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) among Veterans with and without TBI. We calculated risk of incident dementia associated with each comorbidity using multivariable hazard ratios (HR) with Fine-Grey competing risk of death adjusted for baseline demographics. We estimated population attributable fraction (PAF) of dementia due to each comorbidity among Veterans with versus without TBI. Results: Prevalence of all comorbidities were significantly more prevalent (5.7% to 21.5% higher) among Veterans compared to those without TBI. All comorbidities were associated with increased risk of dementia in both groups. There were significant interactions between comorbidities and TBI in which HRs were slightly lower among Veterans with TBI (adjusted HRs 1.08–1.37) compared to those without TBI (adjusted HRs 1.12–2.13). Nevertheless, PAFs for dementia due to depression, hypertension, CAD, CVD, and epilepsy were slightly higher in Veterans with TBI due to their high prevalence in this group. Conclusions: Targeting depression, hypertension, CAD, CVD, and epilepsy may be especially important for dementia risk reduction among Veterans with TBI. ER  - 
Long-Term Outcome of Pediatric Patients with Anti-NMDA Receptor Encephalitis in a Single Center$$$ Background: Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor encephalitis is the most common autoimmune encephalitis in children. There is a high probability of recovery if treated promptly. We aimed to analyze the clinical features and long-term outcomes of pediatric patients with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis. Method: We conducted a retrospective study with definite diagnoses of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis in 11 children treated in a tertiary referral center between March 2012 and March 2022. Clinical features, ancillary tests, treatment, and outcomes were reviewed. Results: The median age at disease onset was 7.9 years. There were eight females (72.7%) and three males (27.3%). Three (27.3%) patients initially presented with focal and/or generalized seizures and eight (72.7%) with behavioral change. Seven patients (63.6%) revealed normal brain MRI scans. Seven (63.6%) had abnormal EEG results. Ten patients (90.1%) received intravenous immunoglobulin, corticosteroid, and/or plasmapheresis. After a median follow-up duration of 3.5 years, one patient was lost to follow-up at the acute stage, nine (90%) had an mRS ≤ 2, and only one had an mRS of 3. Conclusions: With the early recognition of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis based on its clinical features and ancillary tests, we were able to treat patients promptly with first-line treatment and achieve favorable neurological outcomes. ER  - 
Responsive Neurostimulation of the Anterior Thalamic Nuclei in Refractory Genetic Generalized Epilepsy: A Case Series$$$ Genetic generalized epilepsies (GGEs) are thought to represent disorders of thalamocortical networks. There are currently no well-established non-pharmacologic treatment options for patients with drug-resistant GGE. NeuroPace’s Responsive Neurostimulation (RNS) System was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration to treat focal seizures with up to two ictal foci. We report on three adults with drug-resistant GGE who were treated with thalamic RNS. Given the severity of their epilepsies and the potential ictogenic role of the thalamus in the pathophysiology of GGE, the RNS System was palliatively implanted with leads in the bilateral anterior thalamic nuclei (ANT) of these patients. The ANT was selected because it was demonstrated to be a safe target. We retrospectively evaluated metrics including seizure frequency over 18–32 months. One patient required explantation due to infection. The other two patients were clinical responders. By the end of the observation period reported here, one patient was seizure-free for over 9 months. All three self-reported an improved quality of life. The clinical response observed in these patients provides ‘proof-of-principle’ that GGE may be treatable with responsive thalamic stimulation. Our results support proceeding to a larger study investigating the efficacy and safety of thalamic RNS in drug-resistant GGE. ER  - 
High Prevalence of Alternative Diagnoses in Children and Adolescents with Suspected Long COVID—A Single Center Cohort Study$$$ Background: Long COVID (LC) is a diagnosis that requires exclusion of alternative somatic and mental diseases. The aim of this study was to examine the prevalence of differential diagnoses in suspected pediatric LC patients and assess whether adult LC symptom clusters are applicable to pediatric patients. Materials and Methods: Pediatric presentations at the Pediatric Infectious Diseases Department of the University Hospital Essen (Germany) were assessed retrospectively. The correlation of initial symptoms and final diagnoses (LC versus other diseases or unclarified) was assessed. The sensitivity, specificity, negative and positive predictive values of adult LC symptom clusters were calculated. Results: Of 110 patients, 32 (29%) suffered from LC, 52 (47%) were diagnosed with alternative somatic/mental diseases, and 26 (23%) remained unclarified. Combined neurological and respiratory clusters displayed a sensitivity of 0.97 (95% CI 0.91–1.00) and a negative predictive value of 0.97 (0.92–1.00) for LC. Discussion/Conclusions: The prevalence of alternative somatic and mental diseases in pediatric patients with suspected LC is high. The range of underlying diseases is wide, including chronic and potentially life-threatening conditions. Neurological and respiratory symptom clusters may help to identify patients that are unlikely to be suffering from LC. ER  - 
Psychobiological personality traits of children and adolescents with disorders of arousal$$$ Introduction: Disorders of arousal (DOA) are parasomnias that emerge from incomplete arousal out of Non-Rem Sleep (NREM) and lead to a broad variety of emotional and motor behaviours. Increasing evidence supports the hypothesis that specific psychopathological traits contribute to the multifactorial origin of these phenomena. The aim of the current multicenter study was to compare the personality profile of children and adolescents with and without DOA using the Junior Temperament and Character Inventory (JTCI). Methods: We enrolled 36 patients with a diagnosis of DOA (mean age of 11 ± 3 years, 64% males), and 36 healthy age and gender matched control subjects (mean age of 11.2 ± 3.6, years, 67% males). Their parents completed the Paris Arousal Disorder Severity Scale (PADSS), the Sleep Disturbance Scale for Children (SDSC) and the JTCI. Results: Patients with DOA reached significantly higher levels compared to their control group in total PADSS (p < 0.0001) and in total SDSC (p < 0.0001). They also displayed higher scores in novelty seeking (p = 0.005), harm avoidance (p = 0.01), self-transcendence (p = 0.006) JTCI subscales, and lower scores on the self-directedness subscale (p = 0.004). Conclusion: Our pediatric sample with DOA exhibited specific psychobiological personality traits compared to age and gender matched subjects without DOA. These results shed light on new possible etiopathogenetic mechanisms, as TCI traits have been linked to specific genetic variants and brain circuits, like the reward system. Prospective studies are required to assess the effect of targeted psychological/psychiatric treatment on DOA symptomatology. ER  - 
Oral minocycline plus rifampicin versus oral linezolid for complicated skin and skin structure infections caused by methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus: The AIDA open label, randomized, controlled Phase 4 trial$$$ Background: The need for oral, cost-effective treatment for complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) due to methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) was addressed by the non-inferiority comparisons of oral minocycline plus rifampicin with linezolid. Methods: In the AIDA multicenter, open label, randomized, controlled clinical trial, hospitalized adults with cSSSI and documented MRSA were randomly assigned at a 2:1 ratio to either oral 600 mg rifampicin qd plus 100 mg minocycline bid or oral 600 mg linezolid bid for 10 days. The primary endpoint was the clinical cure rate in the clinically evaluable (CE) population at the test-of-cure visit (14 days). Non-inferiority was confirmed if the lower confidence limit (CI) did not fall below the accepted error margin of 15%. The study is registered with EudraCT number 2014-001276-56. Findings: 123 patients recruited between November 2014 and January 2017 were randomly assigned to treatment (81 patients to minocycline plus rifampicin and 42 patients to linezolid). Cure rates were 78.% (46/59, 90% CI 67.3–86.5) and 68.6% (24/35, 90% CI 53.4–81.3), respectively (P = 0.337). The percent difference in cure rates was 9.4% (90% CI −7.2 to 26.8%). Minocycline plus rifampicin combination was deemed non-inferior to linezolid as the lower CI was −7.2% i.e. smaller than the accepted error margin of −15%. Although statistically not significant, the overall rate of adverse events was higher in the linezolid group (47.6%, 20/42 versus 38.3%, 31/81). Interpretation: Oral minocycline plus rifampicin was non-inferior to oral linezolid treatment providing alternative oral treatment for cSSSI. Funding: TheEU Seventh Research Framework Programme. ER  - 
Skin-related complications following deep brain stimulation surgery: A single-center retrospective analysis of 525 patients who underwent DBS surgery$$$ Background: Although Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) is a safe and proven treatment modality for patients suffering from debilitating movement and neuropsychiatric disorders, it is not free from complications. Management of skin erosion and infection following DBS surgery constitutes a challenge in everyday clinical practice. Objectives: Skin-related complications were evaluated in patients who underwent DBS surgery due to Parkinson's disease (PD), dystonia, essential tremor (ET), and other indications including Tourette syndrome (TS), Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD), and epilepsy. Methods: A retrospective analysis of clinical data was performed on patients who underwent DBS surgery between November 2008 and September 2021 at the Department of Neurosurgery, Institute of Psychiatry and Neurology, Warsaw. Results: 525 patients who underwent 927 DBS leads implantations were included in the analysis. There were 398 patients with PD, 80 with dystonia, 26 with ET, 7 with drug-resistant epilepsy, 5 with Multiple Sclerosis, 4 with Holme's or cerebellar tremor, 3 with TS, and 2 with OCD. 42 patients (8,0%) had 78 skin infection episodes. The overall level of skin erosion was 3,8% (20/525 patients). The risk of developing infection episode was connected with younger age at diagnosis (p = 0.017) and at surgery (p = 0.023), whereas the development of skin erosion was connected with the dystonia diagnosis (p = 0.012). Patients with dystonia showed the highest rate of infections and erosions (11/70 and 7/70 patients retrospectively). Discussion: Postoperative skin complications are a serious side effect of DBS surgery. Conclusion: Our study suggests that dystonic patients are at higher risk of developing skin-related complications after DBS surgery. ER  - 
Effectiveness of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation for social cognition and negative symptoms among individuals with schizophrenia: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Social cognitive and negative symptoms impairment may increase the risk of mental disability in individuals with schizophrenia. However, randomized controlled studies on the effectiveness of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) for social cognition and negative symptoms in individuals with schizophrenia are very limited. Methods: A total of 125 individuals with schizophrenia were recruited, 66 of whom were randomly divided into an active iTBS group (n=34) and sham iTBS group (n=32) by stratified sampling. Participants received either active iTBS or sham iTBS targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) 20 sessions for 4 weeks under navigation. The Facial Emotion Recognition Test (FERT), Hinting Task (HT), and Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) were measured at baseline, 2 weeks, and 4 weeks. The trial protocol was registered with the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR2100051984). Results: Sixty patients (90.90%) completed the intervention and the 4-week follow-up, including 29 women (43.94%) and 37 men (56.06%) with a mean (SD) age of 47.53 (10.17) years. The primary outcomes showed FERT scores (week 2; 0.27 [95% CI, 0.09 to 0.45]; P< .01; ES 0.14) (week 4; 0.63 [95% CI, 0.45 to 0.80]; P< .001; ES 0.47) and HT scores (week 2; 1.00 [95% CI, -0.02 to 1.98]; P< .05; ES 0.67) (week 4; 2.13 [95% CI, 1.21 to 3.06]; P< .001; ES 0.27) in the active iTBS group were significantly different from those in the sham iTBS group at 2 and 4 weeks of follow-up. The secondary outcome showed that the negative symptom score (-3.43 [95% CI, -4.85 to -2.01]; P< .001; ES 0.29) of the active iTBS group was significantly different from that of the sham iTBS group at the 4th week of follow-up. Conclusions: Accelerated iTBS can effectively ameliorate the social cognition and negative symptoms of individuals with schizophrenia. These results suggest that accelerated iTBS may be a safe and effective neuromodulation technique to improve the overall functional recovery of individuals with schizophrenia, and has a good clinical application prospect. ER  - 
Prevalence of headache disorders in patients living with epilepsy in rural region in western part of India$$$ Background and aims: Headache disorders cause significant distress in patients living with epilepsy (PWE) and are underreported. This study aimed to evaluate the prevalence of various forms of headache in PWE. Methodology: Two hundred and three PWE were evaluated for the presence and type of headache as per the International Classification of Headache Disorders (ICHD)-3 classification criteria. The severity was graded using the Headache Under Response to Treatment (HURT)–3. A subgroup analysis of headache and epilepsy was done. The World Health Organization-5 (WHO-5) questionnaire was used to assess mental well-being. The Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI) questionnaire was used to study the psychiatric comorbidities, which were classified according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM)-IV classification. Results: The prevalence of headaches in PWE was 45% [60% females]. Female gender and younger age were significantly associated with migraine (p values of 0.03 and 0.05, respectively). Migraine was the most common type of headache (71%), followed by tension-type headache (TTH) (23%) in PWE. The headache was inter-ictal in 80% of PWE. In PWE with migraine, both juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME) and frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE) had a 28% prevalence. In PWE with TTH, FLE was more common (43%). The prevalence of migralepsy in PWE was 4% [n = 4; 2 each of occipital lobe epilepsy (OLE) and idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE)]. A psychiatric illness was more than two times more likely in PWE with headache (n = 34; 37%) as compared to PWE without headache (n = 19; 17%). Patients living with epilepsy with headaches and psychiatric comorbidities had significantly lower mental well-being (p = 0.001). Forty five percent of PWE with headaches required acute management, and 35% required prophylactic management for their headache. Conclusion: Headache is frequently ignored in PWE. It can affect their mental health and quality of life. Evaluation and management of headache in PWE is very important. ER  - 
Gabapentinoid Prescribing Practices at a Large Academic Medical Center$$$ Objective: To evaluate indications for gabapentinoid prescription at an academic medical center. Patients and Methods: We retrospectively reviewed patients aged 18 years or older who were prescribed gabapentinoids (gabapentin or pregabalin) during the 2019 calendar year at an academic medical center in the US Midwest. Patient demographic characteristics, indications for gabapentinoid prescription, and prescribing clinician specialities were abstracted from a random sample, and the findings were extrapolated to the overall cohort. Results: A total of 6205 prescriptions for gabapentinoids were initially identified. In the random sample of prescriptions (n=721), 89.5% were for gabapentin and 10.5% were for pregabalin. More women than men were prescribed gabapentinoids, and the mean ± SD patient age was 58.6±16.9 years. The top 5 indications for gabapentinoid prescriptions were neuropathic pain, musculoskeletal pain, restless legs syndrome, anxiety, and headache. A majority (66.7%) of prescriptions had substantial-to-modest evidence, but 29.0% of prescriptions had conflicting or insufficient evidence. Conclusion: To our knowledge, this study is one of the first to manually review clinical notes from multiple clinical specialities to ascertain indications for gabapentinoid prescriptions. Although most prescriptions had modest evidence to support their use, a high percentage of gabapentinoid prescriptions were issued for indications not supported by robust evidence. This suggests that prescribers are gravitating toward gabapentinoid use for reasons that are currently not fully understood. Clinician intent for off-label gabapentinoid prescriptions at the point of care should be further studied to understand the factors that lead to these clinical decisions. ER  - 
Afraid to go out: Poor quality of life with phobic anxiety in a large cross-sectional adult epilepsy center sample$$$ Purpose: People with epilepsy (PWE) have unmet healthcare needs, especially in the context of mental health. Although the current literature has established increased incidence of anxiety and depression in PWE and their contribution to poor quality of life, little is known regarding the presence and impact of specific phobia and agoraphobia. Our aim was to assess factors associated with high phobic/agoraphobic symptoms in a large, single tertiary epilepsy center sample, and to assess their impact on quality of life. Methods: In a diverse sample of 420 adults with epilepsy, cross-sectional association of demographic, epilepsy and cognitive factors with high phobic symptoms were assessed using multiple logistic regression. Symptoms were measured with the SCL-90R validated self-report subscale (T-score ≥ 60 considered high phobic symptom group). Multiple logistic regression modeling was used to assess for independent association of demographic and clinical variables with presence of high phobic symptoms, and multiple linear regression modeling was used to evaluate for independent cross-sectional associations with epilepsy-specific quality of life (QOLIE-89). Results: Lower education (adjusted OR 3.38), non-White race/ethnicity (adjusted OR 2.34), and generalized anxiety symptoms (adjusted OR 1.91) were independently associated with high phobic/agoraphobic symptoms, all p < 0.005. Phobic/agoraphobic symptoms were independently associated with poor quality of life as were depression symptoms, older age, and non-White race/ethnicity. Generalized anxiety did not demonstrate a significant independent association with quality of life in the multivariable model. Conclusion: In this study sample, phobic/agoraphobic symptoms were independently associated with poor quality of life. Clinicians should consider using more global symptom screening instruments with particular attention to susceptible populations, as these impactful symptoms may be overlooked using generalized-anxiety focused screening paradigms. ER  - 
Effects of progressive muscle relaxation exercises on patients with epilepsy on level of depression, quality of sleep, and quality of life: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: This study aims to evaluate the effects of progressive relaxation exercises applied to patients with epilepsy on patients’ depressive symptom severity, quality of sleep, and quality of life. Methods: The study was designed as a randomized controlled interventional study with a control group and pre-and post-test intervention. It was conducted with 70 patients with epilepsy, 35 in the intervention group and 35 in the control group, between November 1, 2021, and April 15, 2022. The patients in the intervention group were required to perform 12 progressive muscle relaxation exercise sessions 3 days a week for a total of 4 weeks. No interventions were made in the control group during the study. The data were collected with a “Personal Information Form,” “Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI),” “Beck Depression Inventory (BDI),” and “Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QUOLIE -31).” Results: The mean PSQI total score, subscale scores, and mean BDI total scores of the patients in the intervention group decreased significantly compared to those in the control group after the intervention (p<0.05). Additionally, a significant difference was found between the mean QUOLIE-31 total scores and subscale scores of the patients in the intervention and control group after the intervention (p<0.05), the mean scores of the intervention group were significantly higher than those of the control group (p<0.05). Conclusion: Progressive muscle relaxation exercises decreased depressive symptoms severity and improved sleep and life quality in patients with epilepsy. Progressive relaxation exercises may be recommended as a complementary nursing intervention in treating epilepsy. ER  - 
Describing the natural history and burden of illness in Gaucher disease type 3 patients using a cluster from Optum's de-identified market clarity data (2007–2020)$$$ A retrospective observational cohort study was conducted to describe the natural history and burden of illness in chronic neuropathic Gaucher disease (nGD/GD3) in the United States. In absence of a specific ICD10 code for nGD, a retrospective agglomerative hierarchical unsupervised clustering was conducted to identify nGD patients, applying an algorithm in Optum’s de-identified Market Clarity data (2007–2020) on individuals with Gaucher disease identified based on diagnosis codes or GD-related prescription fills (Index date). The burden of illness and healthcare resource use including medications, hospital and specialists’ visits were analyzed pre- and post-index. Among 33 identified patients, median [min-max] age was 26 [0–80] years, 54.6% were above 18-year-old with a median [IQR] follow-up of 2.1 [0.7–5.4] years. Up to 72.8% of patients received a Gaucher therapy (ERT/SRT). Most prevalent neurological manifestations were developmental regression (57.6%), tremor (39.4%), dysphagia (24.2%), hearing impairment (21.2%), ataxia (18.2%). Eye movement disorders (6.1%), gaze palsy (6.1%), myoclonic seizures (3%) were also reported. Anxiety (39.4%), depression (33.3%), respiratory infections (27.3%), dementia (21.2%), Parkinson's disease (15.2%) were reported comorbidities. During follow-up, 81.8% of patients visited at least one specialist (median [IQR]: 94 [17–490] visits); specifically, 63.6% consulted neurologists (median [IQR]: 7.0 [0–34] visits); oncologists, internists, and gastroenterologists were each consulted by more than 40% of patients; the prescription of psychotherapeutics and analgesics were respectively 69.7% and 66.7%. In 12-month follow-up period, 97% had at least one outpatient visit with a median [IQR] of 32 [8–51] visits, main reasons being Gaucher and lipidoses (26.2% each); 33% had emergency/inpatient visits. GD3 patients showed chronic neurological manifestations, although hallmarks (i.e. eye movement) seemed underreported. Healthcare resource use appeared substantial. Study limitations such as underreporting of symptoms, coding error or misclassification of patient influenced findings. Specific nGD ICD-10 code would help identify patients accurately and capture their burden. Funding: Sanofi ER  - 
Long-term wellbeing and neurocognitive functioning of diffuse low-grade glioma patients and their caregivers: A longitudinal study spanning two decades$$$ Background: While patients with diffuse low-grade glioma (LGG) often survive for years, there is a risk of tumor progression which may impact patients' long-term health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and neurocognitive functioning (NCF). We present a follow-up of LGG patients and their informal caregivers (T3) who took part in our previous HRQOL investigations (T1, M = 7 and T2 M = 13 years after diagnosis). Methods: Participants completed HRQOL (short form-36 health survey [SF-36]; EORTC-BN20), fatigue (Checklist Individual Strength [CIS]), and depression (Center for Epidemiological Studies-Depression [CES-D]) questionnaires and underwent NCF assessments. T3 scores were compared with matched controls. Changes over time (T1-T2-T3) on group and participant level were assessed. Where available, histology of the initial tumor was revised and immunohistochemical staining for IDH1 R132H mutant protein was performed. Results: Thirty patients and nineteen caregivers participated. Of N = 11 with tissue available, 3 patients had confirmed diffuse LGG. At T3, patients (M = 26 years after diagnosis) had HRQOL and NCF similar to, or better than controls, yet 23.3% and 53.3% scored above the cut-off for depression (≥16 CES-D) and fatigue (≥35 CIS), respectively. Caregivers' HRQOL was similar to controls but reported high rates of fatigue (63.2%). Over time, patients' mental health improved (P <. 05). Minimal detectable change in HRQOL over time was observed in individual patients (30% improvement; 23.3% decline; 20% both improvement and decline) with 23.3% remaining stable. NCF remained stable or improved in 82.8% of patients. Conclusions: While HRQOL and NCF do not appear greatly impacted during long-term survivorship in LGG, depressive symptoms and fatigue are persistent. ER  - 
Fatal Fulminant Cerebral Edema in Six Children With SARS-CoV-2 Omicron BA.2 Infection in Taiwan$$$ Acute fulminant cerebral edema in children following SARS-CoV-2 infection has been rarely reported. Such patients frequently demonstrate rapid progression and are usually fatal. In this retrospective study, we describe the detailed clinical, laboratory, and neuroimaging features of six fatal cases in Taiwan. All patients had shock initially, five showed rapid progression to multiorgan failure and disseminated intravascular coagulation, and three developed acute respiratory distress syndromes. The inflammatory biomarkers in the first 3 days, including interleukin 6, ferritin, lactate dehydrogenase, and D-dimer, showed significant elevation in all cases. The hyperinflammatory response may play a role in the pathophysiology. ER  - 
Children and young adults with inflammatory bowel disease have an increased incidence and risk of developing mental health conditions: A UK population-based cohort study$$$ Background: While it is widely recognised that inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) is associated with depression and anxiety, the burden of mental health conditions in children and young adults with IBD remains unclear. This study assessed this burden using UK populationbased data Methods: A retrospective observational study was performed using a large UK primary care dataset (Optimum Patient Care Research Database). Children and young adults aged 5-25 years diagnosed with IBD between 2010 and 2020 were propensity score matched with up to four population controls. The association between IBD and incident depression, anxiety disorder (AD), eating disorders, body image disorders, attention-deficit disorders, behavioural disorders adjustment disorders, acute stress disorder, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), self-harm, parasuicide (including suicide), sleep disturbance and 'any mental health condition' (a composite consisting of all these mental health conditions) was investigated. Absolute risk was derived using Kaplan-Meier analysis. Relative risk of all outcomes up to 10-years in the IBD cohort versus controls was estimated using adjusted Cox proportional hazards models controlling for age, sex, socioeconomic status, ethnicity and other conditions (asthma, atopic dermatitis, allergic rhinitis thyroid disease, epilepsy, diabetes mellitus, cancer, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, ankylosing spondylitis, and psoriatic arthritis) Results: 3,898 young patients with incident IBD were matched to 15,571 controls. IBD patients were significantly more likely to develop PTSD (adjusted Hazard Ratio [aHR] 2.47, 95% CI 1.23-4.94), eating disorders (aHR 1.85, 95% CI 1.05-3.26), self-harm (aHR 1.49, 95% CI 1.00-2.21), sleep disturbance (aHR 1.40, 95% CI 1.15-1.71), depression (aHR 1.34, 95% CI 1.16- 1.56), AD (aHR 1.25, 95% CI 1.06- 1.48), and 'any mental health condition' (aHR 1.28, 95% CI 1.12-1.46) (Figure 1). In subgroup analysis, male sex, and IBD patients aged 12 to 17 appear to have the greatest additional risk for developing mental health conditions (Figure 2) and Crohn's disease had a higher risk than ulcerative colitis (aHR 1.32, 95% CI 1.10-1.58 and aHR 1.19, 95% CI 0.95-1.49 respectively) Conclusion: Young IBD patients have a significantly higher incidence and risk of new mental health conditions. Mental health remains a critically overlooked aspect of IBD patient management. Further research into identifying optimal monitoring tools and support for these patients is required to improve patient care. (Figure Presented) . ER  - 
Early-Stage Contactin-Associated Protein-like 2 Limbic Encephalitis: Clues for Diagnosis$$$ Background and ObjectivesPrevious studies suggested that autoimmune limbic encephalitis with antibodies against contactin-associated protein-like 2 (CASPR2-encephalitis) is clinically heterogeneous and progresses slowly, preventing its early recognition. We aimed to describe the onset and progression of CASPR2-encephalitis and to assess long-term outcomes.MethodsWe retrospectively analyzed the medical records of all patients whose CSF tested positive for anti-CASPR2 antibodies in our center between 2006 and 2020. Standardized telephone interviews of all available patients and relatives were conducted, assessing long-term functional independence using the Functional Activity Questionnaire (FAQ) and quality of life using the 36-Item Short-Form Survey (SF36).ResultsForty-eight patients were included (98% males; median age 64 years), and 35 participated in telephone interviews (73%). At onset, 81% had at least 1 neurologic symptom among the following: limbic (54%), peripheral nerve hyperexcitability (PNH; 21%), and/or cerebellar symptoms (17%). Most of the patients (75%) had initially symptoms of only one of these categories. Limbic symptoms at onset included mostly seizures (33%), while memory disturbances were less frequent (10%). PNH signs were mostly neuropathic pain (9/10 patients). Other symptoms seen at onset included asthenia (33%), mood disorders (25%), and insomnia (21%); 19% of patients did not show any limbic, peripheral, or cerebellar symptom at onset but only asthenia (15%), mood disorders (6%), weight loss (8%), dysautonomia (4%), and/or insomnia (2%). The peak of the disease was attained in median 16.7 months after onset. Over the study period (median follow-up, 58.8 months, range 10.6-189.1), 77% of patients developed ≥3 core CASPR2 symptoms and 42% fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for autoimmune limbic encephalitis, although all patients ultimately developed limbic symptoms. At the last visit, most interviewed patients (28/35 patients, 80%; median, 5 years after onset) had recovered functional independence (FAQ <9) while only the vitality subscore of the SF36 was lower than normative data (mean 49.9 vs 58.0, p = 0.0369).DiscussionCASPR2-encephalitis has a progressive course and is highly heterogeneous at the early stage. In men older than 50 years, otherwise unexplained seizures, cerebellar ataxia, and/or neuropathic pain are suggestive of early-stage CASPR2-encephalitis, especially if they coincide with recent asthenia, mood disorders, or insomnia. ER  - 
Acute posterior multifocal placoid pigment epitheliopathy: clinical presentation and risk of stroke and transient ischaemic attack$$$ Background/aims Acute posterior multifocal placoid pigment epitheliopathy is a rare but important disease that can be associated with life-threatening complications due to cerebral vasculitis. The primary objective was to determine the incidence of neurological complications and risk factors for stroke and transient ischaemic attack (TIA) associated with acute posterior multifocal placoid pigment epitheliopathy. Secondary objectives included the clinical presentation, visual outcomes and recurrence rates. Methods This was a multicentre retrospective case series including 111 eyes from 60 subjects presenting from January 2009 to June 2020. results Median age at presentation was 29 years (IQR 24.7–35.1) and 36 subjects (60.0%) were male. 20 subjects (33.3%) reported a viral prodrome. Stroke and TIA were observed in seven subjects (11.7%). Older age was the only significant risk factor for stroke/TIA (p=0.042). Vision loss occurred in seven eyes, with four eyes (3.6%) having final visual acuity 6/15–6/60 and three eyes (2.7%) having visual acuity of 6/60 or worse. Recurrence occurred in 10 subjects (16.7%). Conclusions The presence of headache cannot reliably predict those at risk of stroke/TIA. Individuals presenting with acute posterior multifocal pigment epitheliopathy should therefore undergo a clinical neurological review and work-up for cerebral vasculitis as deemed appropriate by the treating ophthalmologist and collaborating neurologist. ER  - 
Correlations of Kratom (Mitragyna speciosa Korth.) Use Behavior and Psychiatric Conditions From a Cross-Sectional Survey$$$ Kratom (Mitragyna speciosa Korth.) use has increased substantially over the past decade outside of its indigenous regions, especially for the self-treatment of psychiatric conditions. An anonymous, cross-sectional, online survey was completed by 4, 945 people who use kratom (PWUK) between July 2019 and July 2020. A total of 2, 296 respondents completed an extended survey that included clinical scales for measuring attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depressive and anxiety disorders. PWUK and met criteria for ADHD, PTSD, depressive or anxiety disorders were primarily middle-aged (31–50 years), employed, college-level educated, and reported greater concurrent or prior use of kratom with cannabis, cannabidiol, and benzodiazepines. For all psychiatric conditions, PWUK reported decreased depressive and anxious moods than before kratom use. Based on this self-report study, observational and other clinical studies are warranted for kratom. ER  - 
Magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy increase aperiodic activity$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a leading cause of disability worldwide. One of the most efficacious treatments for treatment-resistant MDD is electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Recently, magnetic seizure therapy (MST) was developed as an alternative to ECT due to its more favorable side effect profile. While these approaches have been very successful clinically, the neural mechanisms underlying their therapeutic effects are unknown. For example, clinical “slowing” of the electroencephalogram beginning in the postictal state and extending days to weeks post-treatment has been observed in both treatment modalities. However, a recent longitudinal study of a small cohort of ECT patients revealed that, rather than delta oscillations, clinical slowing was better explained by increases in aperiodic activity, an emerging EEG signal linked to neural inhibition. Here we investigate the role of aperiodic activity in a cohort of patients who received ECT and a cohort of patients who received MST treatment. We find that aperiodic neural activity increases significantly in patients receiving either ECT or MST. Although not directly related to clinical efficacy in this dataset, increased aperiodic activity is linked to greater amounts of neural inhibition, which is suggestive of a potential shared neural mechanism of action across ECT and MST. ER  - 
Diagnosis of comorbid migraine without aura in patients with idiopathic/genetic epilepsy based on the gray zone approach to the International Classification of Headache Disorders 3 criteria$$$ Background: Migraine without aura (MwoA) is a very frequent and remarkable comorbidity in patients with idiopathic/genetic epilepsy (I/GE). Frequently in clinical practice, diagnosis of MwoA may be challenging despite the guidance of current diagnostic criteria of the International Classification of Headache Disorders 3 (ICHD-3). In this study, we aimed to disclose the diagnostic gaps in the diagnosis of comorbid MwoA, using a zone concept, in patients with I/GEs with headaches who were diagnosed by an experienced headache expert. Methods: In this multicenter study including 809 consecutive patients with a diagnosis of I/GE with or without headache, 163 patients who were diagnosed by an experienced headache expert as having a comorbid MwoA were reevaluated. Eligible patients were divided into three subgroups, namely, full diagnosis, zone I, and zone II according to their status of fulfilling the ICHD-3 criteria. A Classification and Regression Tree (CART) analysis was performed to bring out the meaningful predictors when evaluating patients with I/GEs for MwoA comorbidity, using the variables that were significant in the univariate analysis. Results: Longer headache duration (<4 h) followed by throbbing pain, higher visual analog scale (VAS) scores, increase of pain by physical activity, nausea/vomiting, and photophobia and/or phonophobia are the main distinguishing clinical characteristics of comorbid MwoA in patients with I/GE, for being classified in the full diagnosis group. Despite being not a part of the main ICHD-3 criteria, the presence of associated symptoms mainly osmophobia and also vertigo/dizziness had the distinguishing capability of being classified into zone subgroups. The most common epilepsy syndromes fulfilling full diagnosis criteria (n = 62) in the CART analysis were 48.39% Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy followed by 25.81% epilepsy with generalized tonic-clonic seizures alone. Conclusion: Longer headache duration, throbbing pain, increase of pain by physical activity, photophobia and/or phonophobia, presence of vertigo/dizziness, osmophobia, and higher VAS scores are the main supportive associated factors when applying the ICHD-3 criteria for the comorbid MwoA diagnosis in patients with I/GEs. Evaluating these characteristics could be helpful to close the diagnostic gaps in everyday clinical practice and fasten the diagnostic process of comorbid MwoA in patients with I/GEs. ER  - 
Depression, anxiety and stress in Saudi migraine patients using DASS-21: local population-based cross-sectional survey$$$ Background: Psychiatric comorbidity is common among migraineurs, such as anxiety and depression. This type of comorbidity contributed to migraine chronicity, management efficacy, and increasing the risk for other comorbidities. This study designed to estimate the prevalence of depression, anxiety, and stress (DAS) symptoms among Saudi migraine patients using the validated instrument (DASS-21) and considering socio-demographic factors and individual differences that affect migraine progression and prognosis. Design/methods: Cross-sectional, self-administered, web-based-questionnaire distributed among Saudi Arabia general population. Only migraine patients with clinical diagnosis allowed to complete the survey. Results: A total of 247 migraine patients participated and they are predominantly females, with ages between 16 and 45 years, Saudi nationals, married, non-smokers but do not exercise regularly. About 73.3% met the abnormal score in anxiety on DASS-21, as well as 70.9% in depression and 72.3% in stress. Four statistically significant correlations with DAS were identified. Migraine patients who are smoking have a higher prevalence of depression and stress (p < 0.05). Those who do not exercise regularly have a higher prevalence only for depression (p = 0.03). A higher prevalence of all emotional states was found in patients with more than one co-morbidity and patients with a clinical diagnosis of depression and anxiety disorders (p < 0.02). The sensitivity of DASS-21 for depression and anxiety are 96.9% and 93.3%, respectively. Conclusions: Both smoking cessation and exercise to prevent migraine attacks deserve a clinical trial. A holistic approach is needed to decrease psychiatry-related disability and promote management outcomes in migraineurs. Using DASS-21 for migraine patients as a routine screening instrument is valuable to prevent psychiatric comorbidity. ER  - 
Maternal hypothyroidism and its effect on placental histopathology in singleton live births resulting from in vitro fertilization treatment$$$ We aimed to examine the impact of maternal hypothyroidism on placental pathology and perinatal outcomes in singleton live births resulting from IVF, using medical records of IVF births between 2009 and 2017 at a tertiary hospital. The primary outcomes included anatomical, inflammation, vascular malperfusion, and villous maturation placental features. Secondary outcomes included foetal, maternal, perinatal, and delivery complications. There were 1,057 live births, of which 103 (9.7%) and 954 (90.3%) were in the study and control groups, respectively. Patients in the study group were more likely to have diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, and non-reassuring foetal heart rate (NRFHR) tracing during delivery. After adjustment for potential confounding factors, hypothyroidism was significantly associated with the bilobed placenta (aOR 4.1; 95% CI 1.2–14.3), retroplacental haematoma (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.2–4.9), decidual arteriopathy (aOR 2.0; 95% CI 1.2–4.1) and subchorionic thrombi (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.3–5.0). Additionally, there was a statistically significant relationship with NRFHR tracing. The incidence of acute chorioamnionitis and severe foetal inflammatory response was higher in the study group. In conclusion, the placental histopathology patterns of singleton IVF live births show that maternal hypothyroidism has a significant impact on adverse perinatal outcomes. ER  - 
Acute organophosphate and carbamate pesticide poisonings–a five-year survey from the National Poison Control Center Of Serbia$$$ Pesticide poisonings, intentional as well as accidental, are common, especially in undeveloped and developing countries. The goal of this study was to analyze the clinical presentation of patients hospitalized due to acute organophosphate (OPP) or carbamate pesticide (CP) poisoning as well as to analyze the factors that potentially influenced the severity and outcome of the poisonings. A retrospective cross-sectional study was performed. The age and gender of each patient were recorded, the type of ingested pesticide, whether the poisoning was intentional or accidental, number of days of hospitalization, the severity of the poisoning, and the outcome of the treatment (i.e., whether the patient survived or not). Clinical aspects of poisonings were analyzed, as well as the therapeutic measures performed. 60 patients were hospitalized due to acute OPP or CP poisoning, out of 51 (85.00%) were cases of intentional self-poisoning. The majority of patients were poisoned by OPPs (76.67%), in one-third the causative agent was malathion, followed in frequency by chlorpyrifos and diazinon. Dimethoate poisonings were manifested with the most severe clinical picture. A 70% or lower activity of reference values of acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase was found in 50% and 58% of patients, respectively. The most common symptom was miosis (58.33%), followed by nausea and vomiting. Pralidoxime reactivated acetylcholinesterase inhibited by chlorpyrifos or diazinon, but not with malathion or dimethoate. Impairment of consciousness and respiratory failure, as well as the degree of acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase inhibition, were prognostic signs of the severity of poisoning. The lethal outcome was more often found in older patients (t = 2.41, p = 0.019). The type of ingested pesticide significantly affects the severity and outcome of poisoning as well as the effectiveness of antidotes. ER  - 
Evaluation of carotid intima media thickness as an early marker of atherosclerosis in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder: a case-control study$$$ There are studies reporting different results on whether there is an increased incidence of cardiovascular problems in autism spectrum disorder (ASD). The aim of this study was to examine carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT), an early marker of atherosclerosis in children and adolescents with ASD. This single-center case-control study was conducted in a tertiary care hospital. Eighty-five children (36 children with autism and 49 healthy controls) aged 6–18 were enrolled. After a clinical interview, Children’s Global Assessment Scale (CGAS) and Autism Behavior Checklist (ABC) were filled out and laboratory measures were collected for ASD group. Anthropometric measurements (height, weight, waist and hip) of each participant were assessed. The cIMT was measured with an ultrasound probe on both sides of the neck. Age, gender, body mass index percentile and waist/hip ratio adjusted right/left common carotid arteries IMT and right/left bulb IMT were statistically significantly higher in the autism group than controls (0.45 ± 0.01 mm and 0.55 ± 0.01 mm, respectively, p < 0.001). We performed multiple linear regression analysis to determine statistically significant related factors of the cIMT in ASD. Early onset of autism symptoms were related with high carotid IMT (β = −0.496, p = 0.01). These findings suggest that atherosclerosis may begin earlier in children with ASD, which is one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders in childhood. The cIMT measurement, which is an easy and noninvasive method in the cardiovascular assessment and follow-up can be recommended for clinical use for individuals with ASD. ER  - 
Electroencephalogram utilization and psychiatric comorbidities among children and adolescents with epilepsy in rural Southwestern Uganda$$$ Objective: This study aimed at describing routine electroencephalogram (EEG) findings among children and adolescents with a clinical diagnosis of epilepsy and determines how interictal EEG abnormalities vary with the psychiatric comorbidities. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study among children and adolescents with epilepsy aged 5–18 years receiving care from a regional referral hospital in Southwestern Uganda. Psychiatric comorbidities were assessed using an adapted parent version of Child and Adolescent Symptom Inventory-5. Thirty-minute EEG samples were taken from routine EEG recordings that were locally performed and remotely interpreted for all participants. Results: Of the 140 participants, 71 (50.7%) had normal EEG findings and 51 (36.4%) had epileptiform abnormalities while 18 (12.9%) had non-epileptiform. Of those who had epileptiform abnormalities on EEG, 23 (45.1%) were focal, 26 (51.0%) were generalized, and 2 (3.9%) were focal with bilateral spread. There was no significant association between the different psychiatric comorbidities and the interictal EEG abnormalities. Conclusions: Among children and adolescents with a clinical diagnosis of epilepsy in Southwestern Uganda, only 36% showed epileptiform abnormalities on their EEG recordings. There was no association between the interictal EEG abnormalities and psychiatric comorbidities. ER  - 
A longitudinal study of the mental health of autistic children and adolescents and their parents during COVID-19: Part 2, qualitative findings$$$ In Part 1 of this UK-based study, across four timepoints between March and October 2020, autistic children and young people showed higher levels of parent-reported depression and anxiety symptoms than those with other special educational needs and disabilities. In this study, we draw on qualitative data from 478 parents/carers of autistic pupils and those with other special educational needs and disabilities to conduct a longitudinal qualitative content analysis examining stability and change in the mental health of these young people, and their parents/carers, during the first 6 months of the COVID-19 pandemic. Worry and psychological distress were dominant categories at all timepoints and we noted that, in line with quantitative findings, worry in autistic pupils stayed stable over time but decreased for those with other special educational needs and disabilities. The third dominant category was wellbeing and we saw evidence that removing demands, especially the demand to attend school, was a driver of wellbeing for a significant minority of pupils, particularly autistic pupils, and their parents/carers. Overall, we observed no differences in mental health experiences between the two groups of parents, also mirroring quantitative findings. Lay abstract: We know that autistic children and young people, and their caregivers, are at increased risk of mental ill health. We asked whether the first 6 months of COVID-19 exacerbated that risk, and whether the implications were different for autistic pupils and their caregivers, than for those with other special educational needs and difficulties. In a linked paper, we found that caregivers of autistic pupils reported higher levels of depression and anxiety symptoms in their children than parents of children with other special educational needs and difficulties (Toseeb & Asbury, 2022). For pupils with other special educational needs and difficulties, their parent-reported anxiety symptoms eased over time while remaining high throughout for autistic pupils. There were no differences in mental health and wellbeing between caregivers of autistic pupils and those with other special educational needs and difficulties. Here, we used parents’ written descriptions of their own and their child’s mental health during the first 6 months of COVID-19 to explore these linked findings in greater depth. We identified strong evidence of worry and distress for all, but most prominently autistic children and young people. Our finding that worry and distress declined over time for pupils with other special educational needs and difficulties, but not for autistic pupils, was supported and we observed a few differences between caregivers. We also found evidence of wellbeing throughout the sample, and examples of some (mainly autistic) pupils benefitting from a reduction in demands (e.g. going to school). This has implications for our understanding of the school experience for autistic pupils. Findings suggest that the mental health of autistic children and young people may have been disproportionately affected during the first 6 months of COVID-19 and that careful consideration of optimal support, from both health and education perspectives, is vital. ER  - 
The Diagnostic Utility of Short-Term Video Electroencephalography at a Tertiary Care Center in North India: A Retrospective Study$$$ Purpose: This study investigated the diagnostic utility of short-term video electroencephalography (EEG) recordings at a tertiary care center in North India. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted of 30 minutes of video EEG recordings done between January 2021 and January 2022 in children between 1 and 10 years of age. Demographic and clinical data were collected from the EEG register. Age, sex, the clinical diagnosis, the number of anti-seizure medicines (ASMs), the activation procedures used, and EEG abnormalities were recorded. Results: Data from 100 children (male-to-female ratio, 1.9:1) were analysed. The mean age was 5.39±2.02 years. The indications for EEG recordings were epileptic disorders, neurodevelopmental disorders, paroxysmal non-epileptic events, and miscellaneous in 66%, 18%, 9%, and 7% of children, respectively. EEG abnormalities were seen in 50 children (50%) and about 45% of children were on two or more ASMs. EEG abnormalities in sleep were seen in 35 of 66 (53%) children, whereas abnormalities were observed on awake recordings with activation procedures (hyperventilation and photic) in 23 of 34 (68%) children; this difference was not statistically significant (P=0.16) Conclusion: EEG abnormalities were significantly more common in children taking multiple ASMs; however, there was no statistically significant difference in the EEG yield between asleep and awake records with activation procedures. A better selection of patients for routine EEG, through an assessment of their clinical history and comorbidities, is warranted to increase its diagnostic yield. ER  - 
DEPRESSION IN CHILDREN WITH CHRONIC ILLNESS IN THE AGE GROUP 6 YEARS TO 18 YEARS: A CROSS-SECTIONAL STUDY$$$ Background: Over the last few years, the global prevalence of pediatric chronic disorders (PCD) has risen. Chronic medical disease is an undesirable burden for children, as it interferes with their typical activities, necessitates repeated hospitalizations, health care at home, or any extensive medical treatment, and hampers their growth and development. Understanding the relationship between chronic disease and depression disorders is becoming increasingly important for providing quality health care as chronic disease and depressive disorders are increasingly recognized as major health obstacles. Methods: In this study titled “Depression in Children with Chronic Illness in The Age Group 6 Years To 18 Years: A Cross-Sectional Study”, was conducted over two years study period. According to all inclusion & exclusion criteria, 75 children were studied. The study was conducted in the department of pediatrics of a tertiary care hospital. Children suffering from the chronic disease were interviewed by the investigator personally & findings were noted in predesigned proforma. Data was collected using various questionnaires. Data were entered into Epidata software version 3.1 and analysed using Epidata Analysis software. Results: The majority of children were from the 13.1 – 16 years age group. The majority of children were male (42 children, 56%) as compared to female children (33 children, 44%). After clinical analysis, we found that 57.33% (43 children) were depressed and were classified accordingly to the severity of depression. Among depressed children male to female ratio was 0.95:1 showing female preponderance in the prevalence of depression. Out of 43 depressed children, the most common age group among them was the adolescent age group of 15-18 years. The commonest illness was sickle cell disease (25 children, 33.33%), Haemophilia (23 children, 30.67%) & type 1 diabetes mellitus (9 children, 12%). Among 75 participants, as per the depression scale, clinical depression was noted in 30 children (40%) while 7 children had borderline depression (9.33%). Conclusion: There is a complex combination of elements in childhood/adolescent depression, including sex hormones, psychosocial stresses, developmental factors, and hereditary traits, all of which play a role. There is an increased vulnerability to sadness, stress, and anxiety in children with chronic illnesses. If left untreated, childhood/adolescent depression has a detrimental impact on academic, cognitive, and social development, and can lead to serious consequences. ER  - 
Retrospective study of 20 cats surgically treated for insulinoma$$$ Objective: To report the clinical signs, histopathology results, and prognostic factors for outcomes following excision for feline insulinoma (INS). Study design: Retrospective study. Sample population: Twenty client-owned cats. Methods: Medical records from 2006 to 2020 were reviewed by Veterinary Society of Surgical Oncology members for cats with hypoglycemia resulting from INS, with surgical excision and follow up. Clinical signs and histopathology results were summarized. Factors potentially related to disease-free interval (DFI), disease-related death (DRD), and overall survival time (OST) were analyzed with a Cox proportional hazards regression analysis. Results: All cats were hypoglycemic on presentation with neurologic signs in 18 out of 20 and inappropriate insulin levels in 12/13. Excision of insulinomas resulted in immediate euglycemia or hyperglycemia in 18 cats. Eighteen cats survived to hospital discharge. The median time to death or last postoperative follow up was 664 days (range: 2-1205 days). Prognostic factors included age at presentation (for DFI); time to postoperative euglycemia (for DRD); preoperative and postoperative serum blood glucose concentrations; metastasis at the time of surgery (DFI and DRD), and histopathologic tumor invasion (for OST). The median OST for all cats was 863 days. The 1-, 2- and 3-year survival rates were 75%, 51%, and 10%, respectively. Conclusion: Excision of insulinoma resulted in euglycemia or hyperglycemia in most cats. Negative prognostic factors included young age, low serum glucose concentrations, metastasis at time of surgery, tumor invasion, and shorter time to euglycemia. Clinical significance: Surgical excision resulted in survival times comparable to those of canine INS. ER  - 
Stratifying sudden death risk in adults with drug-resistant focal epilepsy: The SUDEP-CARE score$$$ Background and purpose: A clinical risk score for sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) in patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy could help improve prevention. Methods: A case–control study was conducted including (i) definite or probable SUDEP cases collected by the French National Sentinel Mortality Epilepsy Network and (ii) control patients from the French national research database of epilepsy monitoring units. Patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy were eligible. Multiple logistic regressions were performed. After sensitivity analysis and internal validation, a simplified risk score was developed from the selected variables. Results: Sixty-two SUDEP cases and 620 controls were included. Of 21 potential predictors explored, seven were ultimately selected, including generalized seizure frequency (>1/month vs. <1/year: adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 2.6, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.25–5.41), nocturnal or sleep-related seizures (AOR 4.49, 95% CI 2.68–7.53), current or past depression (AOR 2.0, 95% CI 1.19–3.34) or the ability to alert someone of an oncoming seizure (AOR 0.57, 95% CI 0.33–0.98). After internal validation, a clinically usable score ranging from −1 to 8 was developed, with high discrimination capabilities (area under the receiver operating curve 0.85, 95% CI 0.80–0.90). The threshold of 3 has good sensitivity (82.3%, 95% CI 72.7–91.8), whilst keeping a good specificity (82.7%, 95% CI 79.8–85.7). Conclusions: These results outline the importance of generalized and nocturnal seizures on the occurrence of SUDEP, and show a protective role in the ability to alert someone of an oncoming seizure. The SUDEP-CARE score is promising and will need external validation. Further work, including paraclinical explorations, could improve this risk score. ER  - 
Recovery of Visual Field After Awake Stimulation Mapping of the Optic Pathway in Glioma Patients$$$ Brain mapping during awake craniotomy for gliomas can help preserve neurological functions, including maintenance of central and peripheral vision. However, the consecutive changes in the visual field remain unknown. We retrospectively assessed 14 patients who underwent awake craniotomy for gliomas infiltrating into the optic radiation. Cortico-subcortical direct electrical stimulation (DES) was intraoperatively applied until transient visual symptoms were elicited and recorded. The visual fields were examined consecutively in the preoperative period and postoperative subacute and chronic periods. To evaluate the anatomo-functional validity of the recordings, all DES-elicited points were overlaid onto a three-dimensional template that included the optic radiation, using voxel-based morphometry (VBM) mapping. All patients experienced visual symptoms that were classified as phosphenes, blurred vision, or hallucinations during DES, and surgical resection was limited to within the functional boundaries. In VBM, almost all the subcortical positive mapping points overlapped with the surface of the optic radiation, and the distribution of sites that induced visual phenomena in the upper or lower visual fields could be differentiated in the anatomical space. We observed no postoperative visual deficit in four patients (29%), time-dependent improvements in five out of eight patients that presented transient quadrantanopia or partial visual defect (36% out of 57%), and permanent hemianopsia (14%) in two patients with occipital lesions. Intraoperative DES that identifies and preserves optic radiation in awake craniotomy for gliomas is a reliable and effective technique to reduce risk of permanent deficits, but has a low success rate in patients with occipital involvement. ER  - 
Childhood trauma in patients with epileptic vs nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: Childhood trauma has been implicated as a risk factor for the etiology of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Relatively little attention has been paid to whether profiles of specific trauma types differ between patients with epilepsy and PNES. Investigating childhood trauma profiles in these patient groups may identify psychological vulnerabilities that predispose to developing PNES, and aid early diagnoses, prevention, and treatment. Methods: Data were collected from two cohorts (nRetrospective = 203; nProspective = 209) admitted to video–electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring units in Melbourne Australia. The differences in Childhood Trauma Questionnaire domain score between patient groups were investigated using standardized effect sizes and general linear mixed-effects models (GLMMs). Receiver-operating characteristic curves were used to investigate classification accuracy. Results: In the retrospective cohort, patients diagnosed with PNES reported greater childhood emotional abuse, emotional neglect, physical abuse, sexual abuse, and physical neglect relative to patients with epilepsy. These differences were replicated in the prospective cohort, except for physical abuse. GLMMs revealed significant main effects for group in both cohorts, but no evidence for any group by domain interactions. Reported sexual abuse showed the best screening performance of PNES, although no psychometric scores were adequate as isolated measures. Significance: Patients with PNES report a greater frequency of childhood trauma than patients with epilepsy. This effect appears to hold across all trauma types, with no strong evidence emerging for a particular trauma type that is more prevalent in PNES. From a practical perspective, inquiry regarding a history of sexual abuse shows the most promise as a screening measure. ER  - 
Genetic Mechanisms Behind Severe Psychotic Reactions to Levetiracetam$$$ A Pharmacogenomic Assessment of Psychiatric Adverse Drug Reactions to Levetiracetam Campbell C, McCormack M, Patel S, Stapleton C, Bobbili D, Krause R, Depondt C, Sills GJ, Koeleman BP, Striano P, Zara F, Sander JW, Lerche H, Kunz WS, Stefansson K, Stefansson H, Doherty CP, Heinzen EL, Scheffer IE, Goldstein DB, O’Brien T, Cotter D, Berkovic SF, EpiPGX Consortium; Sisodiya SM, Delanty N, Cavalleri GL. Epilepsia. 2022;63(6):1563-1570. doi:10.1111/epi.17228 Objective: Levetiracetam (LEV) is an effective antiseizure medicine, but 10%-20% of people treated with LEV report psychiatric side-effects, and up to 1% may have psychotic episodes. Pharmacogenomic predictors of these adverse drug reactions (ADRs) have yet to be identified. We sought to determine the contribution of both common and rare genetic variation to psychiatric and behavioral ADRs associated with LEV. Methods: This case-control study compared cases of LEV-associated behavioral disorder (n = 149) or psychotic reaction (n = 37) to LEV-exposed people with no history of psychiatric ADRs (n = 920). All samples were of European ancestry. We performed genome-wide association study (GWAS) analysis comparing those with LEV ADRs to controls. We estimated the polygenic risk scores (PRS) for schizophrenia and compared cases with LEV-associated psychotic reaction to controls. Rare variant burden analysis was performed using exome sequence data of cases with psychotic reactions (n = 18) and controls (n = 122). Results: Univariate GWAS found no significant associations with either LEV-associated behavioural disorder or LEV-psychotic reaction. PRS analysis showed that cases of LEV-associated psychotic reaction had an increased PRS for schizophrenia relative to controls (p =.0097, estimate =.4886). The rare-variant analysis found no evidence of an increased burden of rare genetic variants in people who had experienced LEV-associated psychotic reaction relative to controls. Significance: The polygenic burden for schizophrenia is a risk factor for LEV-associated psychotic reaction. To assess the clinical utility of PRS as a predictor, it should be tested in an independent and ideally prospective cohort. Larger sample sizes are required for the identification of significant univariate common genetic signals or rare genetic signals associated with psychiatric LEV ADRs. ER  - 
Trends in intentional abuse and misuse ingestions in school-aged children and adolescents reported to US poison centers from 2000-2020$$$ Context: Childhood and adolescent misuse and abuse exposures remain a serious public health challenge in the United States. This study aimed to describe recent trends and patterns of intentional substance misuse and abuse exposures among school-aged children and adolescents in the United States. Methods: This study was a retrospective cohort study of intentional misuse and abuse exposures in children 6 through 18 years reported to the National Poison Data System (NPDS) from January 1, 2000, through December 31, 2020. Demographic trends, reported clinical effects, treatments, management sites, and health outcomes were assessed overall and within four age categories: 6–9, 10–12, 13–15, and 16–18. Results: Between 2000 and 2020, there were 338,727 cases regarding intentional misuse and abuse exposures for children ages 6 through 18 years old. Overall, misuse/abuse ingestions fluctuated over time, with a peak in 2011. The majority of intentional misuse/abuse ingestions occurred in males (58.3%), and more than 80% of all reported exposure cases occurred in youth aged 13 to 18. 32.6% of ingestions resulted in worse than minor clinical outcomes. Older age groups had a greater number of severe medical outcomes compared to younger age groups. Major or life-threatening exposures (including those resulting in death) were more common in males. Overall, deaths were rare (n = 450), 0.1%). Male sex, older age, abuse ingestions, exposure site of a public area or other residence, and multiple ingested substances were other factors associated with increased mortality. Marijuana exposure rates had the highest average monthly increase overall, with the most dramatic rise occurring from 2017 to 2020. Edible marijuana preparations accounted for the highest increase in call rates compared with all other forms of marijuana. Discussion and Conclusion: With over 330,000 poison center cases reported during the 20-year study period, intentional substance misuse and abuse exposures substantially impact the pediatric population. The substances most commonly misused/abused are more widely available substances such as over-the-counter medications, household products and pharmaceuticals commonly prescribed to youth. Differences in age and sex were evident, with males and adolescents more likely to abuse and misuse substances. Our study describes an upward trend in marijuana misuse/abuse exposures among youth, especially those involving edible products. These findings highlight an ongoing concern about the impact of rapidly evolving cannabis legalization on this vulnerable population. ER  - 
Effects of baclofen on insular gain anticipation in alcohol-dependent patients — a randomized, placebo-controlled, pharmaco-fMRI pilot trial$$$ Rationale: One hallmark of addiction is an altered neuronal reward processing. In healthy individuals (HC), reduced activity in fronto-striatal regions including the insula has been observed when a reward anticipation task was performed repeatedly. This effect could indicate a desensitization of the neural reward system due to repetition. Here, we investigated this hypothesis in a cohort of patients with alcohol use disorder (AUD), who have been treated with baclofen or a placebo. The efficacy of baclofen in AUD patients has been shown to have positive clinical effects, possibly via indirectly affecting structures within the neuronal reward system. Objectives: Twenty-eight recently detoxified patients (13 receiving baclofen (BAC), 15 receiving placebo (PLA)) were investigated within a longitudinal, double-blind, and randomized pharmaco-fMRI design with an individually adjusted daily dosage of 30–270 mg. Methods: Brain responses were captured by functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) during reward anticipation while participating in a slot machine paradigm before (t1) and after 2 weeks of individual high-dose medication (t2). Results: Abstinence rates were significantly higher in the BAC compared to the PLA group during the 12-week high-dose medication phase. At t1, all patients showed significant bilateral striatal activation. At t2, the BAC group showed a significant decrease in insular activation compared to the PLA group. Conclusions: By affecting insular information processing, baclofen might enable a more flexible neuronal adaptation during recurrent reward anticipation, which could resemble a desensitization as previously observed in HC. This result strengthens the modulation of the reward system as a potential mechanism of action of baclofen. Trial registration: Identifier of the main trial (the BACLAD study) at clinical.gov: NCT0126665. ER  - 
Post-stroke acquired childhood aphasia. A scoping review$$$ Aphasia has a great impact on children’s lives, with stroke being its most common and studied etiology. However, our knowledge about this disorder is limited, the studies on this topic are sparse, and a consensus regarding its definition is lacking. In particular, the interpretation of this condition varied over time: from the rigid description of the so-called “standard doctrine” to the adoption of adult models for post-stroke aphasia. Therefore, this review provides a critical overview of childhood aphasia after stroke, focusing on its epidemiology, definition, diagnosis, and clinical manifestation. The scoping review approach was adopted, following PRISMA-ScR guidelines. PubMed, Web of Science, and PsycInfo databases were searched for related peer-review papers in English. Forty-six records were identified; the majority were single cases and case series, only a few were reviews and observational studies. Epidemiologic data are scarce; a few studies report that aphasia affects about one-third of children post-stroke. Despite terminological differences, there is an overall agreement on the definition of post-stroke aphasia in children as a language disorder acquired after the age of two. Approaches for the diagnosis and evaluation vary widely, including both assessments for developmental language disorders and tests for aphasia in adults. The clinical manifestations described in children are numerous and varied, similar to those found in adults, in contrast with the “standard doctrine.” This review highlights the need for further studies to improve the knowledge of this condition, develop validated and specific assessment tools, and standardize clinical management. ER  - 
Smoking cessation Through Optimization of clinical care in Pregnancy: the STOP pragmatic randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Smoking cessation improves pregnancy outcomes, yet there is uncertainty around the efficacy of models of antenatal intervention for smoking cessation in pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to test the Smoking cessation Through Optimization of clinical care in Pregnancy (STOP) clinic as an antenatal care pathway for smoking cessation in pregnancy. The STOP intervention is a smoking cessation clinic staffed by a dedicated multidisciplinary team of obstetricians, midwives, and smoking cessation practitioners, who provide motivational and psychological support and intensive clinical monitoring of pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: This was a pragmatic randomized controlled trial of the STOP clinic compared with routine antenatal care at a tertiary urban maternity hospital delivering >8000 infants per year. The primary outcome measured was continuous abstinence from smoking before 28+0 weeks’ gestation, sustained throughout the duration of the pregnancy, and validated using biological measures. The secondary outcomes included maternal and fetal morbidity, delivery and neonatal outcomes, smoking outcomes, and qualitative measures. RESULTS: A total of 436 women were randomized, with 430 women included in the primary outcome analysis. Women attending the STOP antenatal clinic were more likely to quit smoking compared with those in routine care (odds ratio, 3.62; 95% confidence interval, 1.43–9.17). In addition, women who continued to smoke in the STOP clinic smoked fewer cigarettes daily at the time of delivery compared with controls: 5±4 in the STOP clinic and 7±5 in the control group (odds ratio, 0.28; 95% confidence interval, 0.13–0.59). However, this intervention did not alter postpartum relapse rates (4.3% intervention arm vs 1.5% control arm, not significant) at 4 to 6 months following delivery. The mean birthweight was similar in the intervention and control arms; however, quitters in both groups had infants with significantly higher birthweights compared with those of continued smokers. CONCLUSION: The STOP antenatal model of care leads to higher smoking cessation rates among pregnant smokers and lower daily cigarette consumption at time of delivery. Currently, there is no defined or dedicated antenatal pathway for pregnant smokers, despite the high-risk nature of their pregnancies. Our findings suggest that improved smoking cessation rates in pregnancy may be achieved using the holistic approach of the STOP model of care. ER  - 
Relationship between RANO-PRO Working Group standardised priority constructs and disease progression among malignant glioma patients: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Recognising the importance of clinical outcomes assessments (COAs), the Response Assessment in Neuro-Oncology-Patient Reported Outcome (RANO-PRO) Working Group recommended inclusion of core symptoms and functions in clinical care or research for malignant glioma patients. This study evaluated the association of the recommended symptoms (pain, perceived cognition, seizures, aphasia, symptomatic adverse events) and functions (weakness, walking, work, usual activities) with disease progression in these patients. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, patients with malignant glioma were included from the US National Cancer Institute Neuro-Oncology Branch Natural History Study (NOB–NHS) which follows primary central nervous system tumour patients aged 18 years and older throughout their disease trajectory. The M.D. Anderson Symptom Inventory-Brain Tumor (MDASI-BT), EQ-5D-3L, Karnofsky Performance Status (KPS), and Neurologic Function scores (NFS) were evaluated in relation to disease progression by chi-square tests, independent- and paired-samples t-tests, adjusted for multiple comparisons at first assessment and over time to a second assessment. Radiographic disease progression was determined on the interpretation of the imaging study by a radiologist and neuro-oncologist using standard criteria as part of clinical trial participation or routine standard of care. The priority constructs were evaluated to provide initial evidence of their relevance, relationship to disease status over time, and sensitivity to change in a diverse group of patients with malignant glioma. Findings: Seven hundred and sixty-five patients had enrolled into the NOB–NHS between September 1, 2016 and January 31, 2020. Three hundred and thirty-six patients had a diagnosis of a malignant glioma (anaplastic astrocytoma, anaplastic oligodendroglioma, glioblastoma, and gliosarcoma) and were included in the current study. The sample was 64% male (n = 215), 36% female (n = 121), median age of 52 years (IQR = 18.75), 82% White (n = 276), and 65% had tumour recurrence (n = 219). One hundred and fifty-four (46%) had radiographic disease progression. Difficulty remembering, fatigue, and weakness were worse in the group whose imaging was interpreted as radiographic disease progression versus stable disease, as well as the functions of walking, work, activity, and self-care (1.1 < difference < 1.8). Patients with disease progression were four times more likely to have a poor KPS (≤80) and worse NFS. Among patients with disease progression at a second assessment (n = 112), all symptoms, except seizures, worsened between first assessment and disease progression and up to 22% of patients (n = 25) reported worsening mobility, self-care, and usual activity; 46% (n = 51) and 35% (n = 30) had worsened KPS and NFS, respectively. On average, 4 symptoms or functions (SD = 3) were reported as moderate-to-severe and 30% (n = 33) and 23% (n = 26) had a change to moderate-to-severe fatigue and walking, respectively, at time of disease progression. Over 7% of patients with worsening (n = 7 of 100) reported every symptom and function as having changed the most severely including seizures with fatigue and activity reported as the top symptom and function, respectively. Interpretation: The identified core symptoms and functions worsened at the time of progression, supporting the relevance and sensitivity of the priority constructs identified by the RANO-PRO Working Group for clinical care and clinical trials for malignant glioma patients. Funding: The Natural History Study is supported by Intramural Project 1ZIABC011786-03. ER  - 
Serious Adverse Drug Reactions to Antipsychotics in Minors with Multiple Disabilities: Preventability and Potential Cost Savings by Therapeutic Drug Monitoring$$$ Introduction Children and adolescents with multiple disabilities and mental disorders (CAMD) are frequently treated with antipsychotic drugs. However, CAMD are particularly susceptible to serious adverse drug reactions (sADRs). This retrospective study examined the frequency of sADRs to antipsychotics in CAMD. Further, the potential preventability of these sADRs through therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) and the potential socio-economic benefits of TDM were explored. Methods Routine clinical data of all patients treated at a specialized psychiatric clinic for CAMD between January 2017 and December 2018 were retrospectively examined. Data on the occurrence of sADRs (definition according to the European Medicines Agency), their causality with antipsychotics, as well as their preventability (Schumock criteria) were extracted from patient files. The prolongation of the hospital stay due to sADRs was calculated, and the cost savings were estimated if TDM had been applied. The data were based on a subsample of the KiDSafe project, supported by the Innovation Fund of the Joint Federal Committee, grant number 01NVF16021. Results One hundred two CAMD who were administered at least one antipsychotic drug during inpatient treatment were identified. Of these patients, 22 (21.6 %) sADRs with a possible causal relationship with the antipsychotic treatment were documented. Eleven sADRs (50 %) could potentially have been prevented through TDM. Mitigating sADRs through TDM likely would have prevented prolonged hospital stays and thus conferred considerable savings for health insurance companies. Discussion The routine implementation of TDM is urgently recommended for antipsychotic treatment in CAMD to increase drug therapy safety. ER  - 
Alexithymia and related factors among patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: Alexithymia is a psychiatric symptom characterized by difficulties in emotion recognition, expression, and regulation. The purpose of our study was to investigate the prevalence of alexithymia among patients with epilepsy (PWE) and related factors. Methods: By the means of a cross-sectional study, we consecutively recruited PWE who visited the First Hospital of Jilin University. The demographical information and clinical data were collected. Toronto Alexithymia Scale-20 (TAS-20), Emotion Regulation Questionnaire (ERQ), Kilifi Stigma Scale for Epilepsy (KSSE), Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E), Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7), and Nurses' Global Assessment of Suicide Risk scale (NGASR) scales were applied to assess alexithymia, emotion regulation strategies, and the presence of comorbid psychiatric symptoms. Results: A total of 203 PWE were included. The differences in education, monthly per capita income of the family, and the number of antiepileptic drugs were statistically significant among these three groups with alexithymia, possible alexithymia, and non-alexithymia (p < 0.05). Toronto Alexithymia Scale-20 scores were significantly and positively correlated with BMI (rho = 0.143, p = 0.042). Expression suppression, stigma, and generalized anxiety were independent risk factors for alexithymia (R2 = 0.471, F = 19.075, p < 0.001). Conclusions: A high prevalence of alexithymia (18.7%) was found in PWE. Alexithymia is primarily influenced by the emotional regulation strategies, anxiety, and stigma among PWE. It tends to be a mood symptom or personality trait rather than a direct result of epilepsy. ER  - 
Sex differences in the relationship between aggression and symptoms of depression and anxiety in adults with refractory focal epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To determine whether sex affects the relationship between aggression and symptoms of depression and anxiety in adults with refractory focal epilepsy. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 85 adults with refractory focal seizures, which are defined as one or more seizures recurring per month even when the patient is treated with two or more antiseizure medications. We used the Buss-Perry Aggression Questionnaire (AQ) and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) to evaluate aggression and symptoms of depression and anxiety, respectively. We performed multivariate linear regression and analysis of covariance with interaction terms. HADS-depression and HADS-anxiety scores were separately evaluated to avoid multicollinearity between both of them. Results: The HADS-depression and HADS-anxiety scores, male sex, an antiseizure medication load of ≥3, and the use of pregabalin were independently correlated with at least one of the AQ total and subscale scores. These models for depressive and anxiety symptoms explained 34.2% and 32.5%, respectively, of the variance of the AQ total score. Although the AQ total scores did not differ between the sexes, sex significantly affected the relationships between aggression and symptoms of depression and anxiety. Specifically, HADS-depression and HADS-anxiety scores were positively associated with the AQ total scores, especially scores of verbal aggression and anger subtypes, in men but not in women. Conclusions: These findings support the importance of including anger management and other strategies targeted toward aggression in the development of psychological interventions to reduce anxiety and depression in adults with refractory focal epilepsy. Tailoring those interventions to the needs of males and females will be important to consider. ER  - 
General self-efficacy differentially moderates depressive symptoms in adults with epilepsy depending on seizure severity$$$ Purpose: We evaluated whether the relationship between general self-efficacy and depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy differed depending on age, sex, and seizure status. Methods: This multicenter, cross-sectional study was conducted on 299 adults with epilepsy, using the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the General Self-efficacy Scale (GSES). We performed stepwise linear regression analysis and analysis of covariance with interaction terms. Results: The stepwise linear regression analysis showed that BDI scores were negatively correlated with GSES scores and positively correlated with age ≥ 40 years, unemployed status, recurrence of generalized or focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS or FBTCS), and antiseizure medication polytherapy. The final model explained 38.9% of the variance in BDI scores. The analysis of covariance revealed that the moderating effect of GSES scores on BDI scores was less in subjects who had seizure freedom for at least 1 year than in those who did not. In contrast, the moderating effect of GSES scores on BDI scores was greater in subjects who had an age ≥ 40 years and those who experienced GTCS or FBTCS during the previous year than in those who did not. The negative relationship between GSES and BDI scores tended to be stronger in men than in women, but it did not reach statistical significance (p = 0.098). All models were adjusted by significant factors in the linear regression analysis of BDI scores. Conclusions: The negative relationship between general self-efficacy and depressive symptoms may be stronger in older patients and patients with poorer seizure outcomes. ER  - 
Retention, efficacy, tolerability, and quality of life during long-term adjunctive brivaracetam treatment by number of lifetime antiseizure medications: A post hoc analysis of phase 3 trials in adults with focal seizures$$$ Objective: To evaluate long-term retention, reasons for discontinuation, efficacy, tolerability, and health-related quality of life (HRQOL) during adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV) treatment in adults with focal seizures by number of lifetime antiseizure medications (ASMs). Methods: Post hoc analyses of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (N01358; NCT01261325) and corresponding open-label extension (OLE) (N01379; NCT01339559) of adjunctive BRV in adults (16–80 years of age) with focal seizures. Outcomes were assessed from the first day of BRV treatment in the double-blind (patients randomized to BRV) or open-label trial (patients randomized to placebo) by number of lifetime ASMs (1–2, 3–4, 5–6, or ≥ 7). Lifetime ASMs were defined as previous (stopped before BRV initiation) and concomitant ASMs at BRV initiation. Results: Seven hundred and forty patients received adjunctive BRV (safety set [SS]; median modal dose: 200 mg/day [N = 737]; median treatment duration: 2.67 years), of whom 13.8 % had 1–2, 20.8 % had 3–4, 21.1 % had 5–6 and 44.3 % had ≥7 lifetime ASMs. Patients with a higher number of lifetime ASMs had a younger age at epilepsy onset, longer epilepsy duration, and higher baseline seizure frequency. Kaplan-Meier estimated retention on BRV at 12 (83.2–65.9 %) and 36 months (63.0–44.1 %) was highest in patients with 1–2 lifetime ASMs and decreased with the number of lifetime ASMs. The estimated proportions of patients who discontinued BRV due to lack of efficacy or treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) increased with the number of lifetime ASMs. Efficacy analyses included seven hundred and thirty eight patients (intention-to-treat set [ITT]). Median percentage reductions from baseline in focal seizure frequency/28 days (76.3–39.6 %), 50 % responder rates (66.7–39.8 %), 75 % responder rates (51.0–19.6 %), and continuous seizure freedom for ≥12 months at any time during BRV treatment (35.3–6.1 %) were highest in patients with 1–2 lifetime ASMs and decreased by the number of lifetime ASMs. The overall incidence of TEAEs (SS) was generally similar in each lifetime ASM subgroup (84.4–90.5 %). Discontinuations due to TEAEs increased with the number of lifetime ASMs (7.8–20.1 %). The greatest improvements in QOLIE-31-P scores occurred in the Seizure Worry and Daily Activities/Social Function subscales, with no clear pattern by the number of lifetime ASMs at 12 months and with the highest improvement in patients with 1–2 lifetime ASMs at 24 months. At 24 months, the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) Anxiety subscale scores improved in patients (SS) with 1–2 and 3–4 lifetime ASMs. HADS Depression subscale scores were generally stable independent of the number of lifetime ASMs. Conclusions: The balance between efficacy, tolerability, and HRQOL was most favorable in patients with focal seizures who had been exposed to one or two ASMs before BRV initiation. However, patients exposed to ≥7 ASMs before BRV initiation also benefitted from long-term adjunctive BRV treatment. ER  - 
A Cross-Sectional Study of the Neuropsychiatric Phenotype of CACNA1C-Related Disorder$$$ Background: CACNA1C encodes the voltage-gated L-type calcium channel CaV1.2. A specific gain-of-function pathogenic variant in CACNA1C causes Timothy syndrome type 1 (TS1) with cardiac long QT syndrome, syndactyly, and neuropsychiatric symptoms. Our previous work found that the TS1 mutation alters neuronal activity-dependent signaling and interneuron migration. Recent case series highlighted a broader spectrum of CACNA1C-related disorder (CRD) that includes isolated cardiac disease, isolated neurologic deficits, and TS, but it is unknown how the clinical presentation of other CRD variants relates to neural defects. We surveyed individuals with CRD to define the neuropsychiatric and developmental phenotype in an effort to guide future research into the role of calcium channels in neural development. Methods: Caregivers of and individuals with CRD completed an online survey of pre- and perinatal events, cardiac events, developmental milestones, neuropsychiatric symptoms, and neuropsychiatric diagnoses. Multiple Mann-Whitney tests were used for comparison of categorical values and Fisher exact test for comparison of categorical variables between participants with and without cardiac arrhythmia. Results: Twenty-four participants with germline CACNA1C variants including TS1 completed the survey. The most common neuropsychiatric symptoms and/or diagnoses were developmental delay in 92%, incoordination in 71%, hypotonia in 67%, autism spectrum disorder in 50% (autistic features in 92%), seizures in 37.5%, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in 21% of participants. There were no significant differences in symptoms between participants with and without arrhythmia. Conclusions: In our CRD cohort, there was an increased prevalence of multiple neuropsychiatric symptoms compared with the general population. These findings indicate the key role of CaV1.2 in brain development and the clinical importance of screening and therapeutically addressing neuropsychiatric symptoms in all individuals with CRD. Future directions include deep phenotyping of neuropsychiatric symptoms and efforts to relate these symptoms to cellular defects. ER  - 
Long-term Anticoagulation with Apixaban in Patients with Cerebral Venous Thrombosis$$$ Introduction: Cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT) is a life-threatening neurological condition. There is limited evidence for the use of direct oral anticoagulants (DOAC) for long-term anticoagulation in this patient population. We report a case series of patients treated with apixaban and their clinical course. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study. Patients diagnosed with CVT in a defined time period at our institution were screened for long-term anticoagulation and patients who were treated with apixaban were included in this study. Results: A total of nine patients were included in this study. The mean age was 36 years and 56% of the patients included were women. All received initial anticoagulation with unfractionated heparin (UFH) infusion for at least twenty-four hours, except for one patient who had anti-thrombin III deficiency and was treated with argatroban infusion. For long-term anticoagulation, 56% of patients received apixaban 10 mg twice daily for the first five to seven days followed by 5 mg twice daily, while the remaining 44% were transitioned from IV anticoagulation to apixaban 5 mg twice daily. There were no adverse events reported, except for one patient who developed anemia after 7 months of treatment and required a blood transfusion. Complete recanalization was achieved in 78% while 22% had partial recanalization. Follow-up time ranged from six to twenty-three months. Conclusion: The use of apixaban for long-term anticoagulation in CVT resulted in recanalization in all of the patients in this case series without any major side effects. This case series adds to the emerging studies demonstrating the utility of apixaban for CVT. ER  - 
Acute pesticide poisoning in the central part of Iran: A 4-year cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: Intoxication with pesticides is a well-known public health problem. We aimed to describe the demographic and toxico-clinical characteristics and outcomes of patients with pesticide poisoning. Methods: This retrospective cross-sectional study was performed in Khorshid Hospital affiliated with Isfahan University of Medical Sciences, Isfahan, Iran. All patients with pesticide poisoning (insecticides, herbicides, fungicides, rodenticides, and acaricides) were evaluated. The patients’ demographic, toxicological, clinical, and laboratory findings from March 2016 until March 2021 were collected and analyzed. Results: During the study period, 25,659 patients with acute poisoning were admitted, of which, 1567 (6.1% of the total poisoning) with pesticide poisoning were included. The mean ± SD age of the patients was 31.34 ± 13.7 years and 55.3% were men (male/female ratio = 1.23). In approximately 75% of the patients, poisoning occurred by suicidal attempts, while in 14.3% (n = 224), it was accidental. Insecticides caused about 51.30% of the poisonings. However, rodenticides were most commonly used in completed suicide attempts (79.9%). The frequency of previously attempted suicide, and self-harming was different among the patients with respect to the type of pesticide poisoning (p < 0.05). Previous suicidal attempts (35.3%) and self-harming (17.3%) were reported more in patients poisoned with the combination of pesticides. Half of the patients were employed. Nausea and vomiting (56.7%, n = 889) were the most common clinical manifestations; 8.3% (n = 130) of the patients died, 64 of whom had rodenticide poisoning. Conclusion: The prevalence of pesticide poisoning was relatively low; most were insecticide poisoning. Poisoning occurred most through attempted suicide. Rodenticides and herbicides had higher mortality rates than other pesticides. Patients with previously attempted suicide and self-harming behavior may use a combination of pesticides. ER  - 
Association of depression and epilepsy in Rwanda: A prospective longitudinal study$$$ Introduction: Depression is the most common psychiatric comorbidity for persons living with epilepsy. In Rwanda, the prevalence of epilepsy and depression are high, with 4,9% and 13.0% respectively. This prospective interventional study aimed to determine the prevalence and incidence of depression and the outcome of persons living with epilepsy (PwE) with depression attending the outpatient neurology department of a tertiary center. Methods: Persons living with epilepsy enrolled between February and June 2018 in a screening cohort with a 12-month follow-up. At every 3-month study visit, PwE were screened for depression using the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) questionnaire. Any positively screened subject was administered the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) to confirm the diagnosis and severity of depression. Subjects with moderate to severe depression (MSD), were started on treatment and were followed for another year. We describe the prevalence and incidence of depression, baseline characteristics, epilepsy and depression outcomes, and changes in PGI-C. Results: Of 572 PwE enrolled, 46 were diagnosed with MSD in a twelve-month period, resulting in an incidence of MSD of 32.7/1000 patient-years. The prevalence of any depression and MSD was 14.2% and 4.7%, respectively. Longer epilepsy duration and seizure status at baseline were associated with MSD. Significant improvements in PGI-C and seizure frequency were observed after treatment optimization. Conclusion: The use of PHQ-9 and HDRS proved successful in identifying depression in PwE. Combined treatment of epilepsy and depression resulted in improved outcomes, warranting the implementation of depression screening every six months in daily neurology practice. ER  - 
Physical-mental multimorbidity in a large primary health care population in Stockholm County, Sweden$$$ Background: Multimorbidity of mental and physical disorders may be common. Our objectives were to estimate the prevalence of mental disorders and determine physical-mental multimorbidity relationships adjusted for sex and age within a primary care population in Region Stockholm, Sweden. Methods: From 2.4 million Region Stockholm inhabitants, we included adult patients with ≥ 1 primary care consultation from 2013 through 2017. We clustered 40 physical diagnoses into 9 categories and grouped mental disorders into mild-moderate (i.e., depression, anxiety, stress disorder, sleep disturbance) or severe (i.e., bipolar disorder, schizophrenia). Results: Of 1 105 065 patients, mean age was 49 years, 56% were females, and nearly one-third had a mental disorder (97% mild-moderate). Adjusted odds ratios (AOR) for mild-moderate and severe mental disorders were highest in patients with alcohol abuse (AOR=3.7, 95% CI 3.6–3.8; AOR=7.2, 95% CI 6.7–7.6, respectively) vs. those with no abuse. Higher odds for either level of mental comorbidity occurred in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF), cerebrovascular disease, Transient ischemic attack (TIA), Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), Gastroesophageal reflux disease- irritable bowel syndrome (GERD-IBS), chronic pain, dementia, nicotine dependence, and Parkinson's disease. For mild-moderate mental disorders, AOR in males was highest (1.45) at age 28 and was below 1.0 after age 46; AOR in females was highest (1.30) at age 38 and was below 1.0 after age 38. For severe mental disorders, AOR was below 1.0 after age 58 in males and after age 62 in females. Conclusion: Physical-mental multimorbidity was common in primary care patients in Sweden, with the highest odds occurring in those who were female, younger, and/or had an alcohol abuse disorder. ER  - 
A descriptive study of aripiprazole, brexpiprazole, and cariprazine exposures in children ages 0 to 5 years reported to United States poison centers$$$ Introduction: Increased prescribing of antipsychotics and availability of new antipsychotics has resulted in increased exposures in children. Current data on aripiprazole, brexpiprazole, and cariprazine are limited. Methods: This was a retrospective database study utilizing the National Poison Data System from 2015 through 2021. We included cases of single substance exposures to aripiprazole, brexpiprazole, cariprazine, or lumateperone in children ages 0 to 5 years old with follow-up to a known outcome. Key outcomes were medical outcomes, clinical effects, and level of care if treated in a healthcare facility. Results: There were 3,573 aripiprazole, 137 brexpiprazole, 249 cariprazine, and one lumateperone exposure over the period. Primary outcomes were evaluated in 2,655 cases (2,390 aripiprazole, 96 brexpiprazole, and 169 cariprazine). Fifty-one percent were male and 77% were between 0 and 2 years old. Moderate effect was coded in 16.6% of aripiprazole, 23% of brexpiprazole, and 12% of cariprazine exposures. Major effect was coded in 0.6% of aripiprazole, 1% of brexpiprazole, and 2.4% of cariprazine exposures. Duration of symptoms was mostly between 8 and 24 h for 34.6% of aripiprazole, 30% of brexpiprazole, and 32% of cariprazine exposures. Over 60% of the children seen in a health care facility were discharged from the emergency department. The lowest doses resulting in at least a moderate effect and admission to a health care facility was 0.46 mg/kg for aripiprazole, 2.1 mg/kg for brexpiprazole, and 1.9 mg/kg for cariprazine. Important clinical effects included central nervous system depression, tremors, tachycardia, agitation, and vomiting. Conclusion: Reported ingestions of aripiprazole, brexpiprazole, or cariprazine may result in neurologic symptoms like central nervous system depression or seizures in children. The prolonged duration of symptoms resulted in admission for at least a day for many cases. Further research should address optimal monitoring time and location for these exposures. ER  - 
Including visual orienting functions into cerebral visual impairment screening: Reliability, variability, and ecological validity$$$ Background: Cerebral visual impairment (CVI) is a heterogeneous brain-based visual processing disorder in which basic visual orienting functions (VOF) and higher-order perception can be impaired. Aims: To evaluate (1) the test-retest reliability and variability of an eye tracking-based VOF paradigm, and related clinical characteristics, and (2) the relations between VOF (variability) and daily visual functioning and visuoperceptual dimensions. Methods and procedures: Thirty-three children with CVI (Males=14; mean age=9 years 10 months) underwent eye tracking thrice, completed a visuoperceptual battery, and parents completed the Flemish CVI questionnaire. VOF reliability and variability of reaction time (RTF), fixation duration and accuracy were assessed with intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC), Bland-Altman plots, and coefficient of variation. Relations were analysed with linear mixed models. Outcomes and results: Highly salient visual stimuli had good RTF reliability (ICCs=0.75) and triggered less variable VOF. Intermediate and low salience stimuli had poor-to-moderate reliability and triggered more variable VOF. Younger performance age related to more VOF variability. Greater visual (dis)interest, clutter and distance viewing impairments, and a weaker visuoperceptual profile related to slower RTF. Conclusions and implications: Highly salient stimuli reveal a child's ‘optimal’ visual performance, whereas intermediate and low salience stimuli uncover VOF variability, which is a key CVI hallmark to detect. ER  - 
Dissociation and its biological and clinical associations in functional neurological disorder: systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background Studies have reported elevated rates of dissociative symptoms and comorbid dissociative disorders in functional neurological disorder (FND); however, a comprehensive review is lacking. Aims To systematically review the severity of dissociative symptoms and prevalence of comorbid dissociative disorders in FND and summarise their biological and clinical associations. Method We searched Embase, PsycInfo and MEDLINE up to June 2021, combining terms for FND and dissociation. Studies were eligible if reporting dissociative symptom scores or rates of comorbid dissociative disorder in FND samples. Risk of bias was appraised using modified Newcastle-Ottawa criteria. The findings were synthesised qualitatively and dissociative symptom scores were included in a meta-analysis (PROSPERO CRD42020173263). Results Seventy-five studies were eligible (FND n = 3940; control n = 3073), most commonly prospective case-control studies (k = 54). Dissociative disorders were frequently comorbid in FND. Psychoform dissociation was elevated in FND compared with healthy (g = 0.90, 95% CI 0.66-1.14, I2 = 70%) and neurological controls (g = 0.56, 95% CI 0.19-0.92, I2 = 67%). Greater psychoform dissociation was observed in FND samples with seizure symptoms versus healthy controls (g = 0.94, 95% CI 0.65-1.22, I2 = 42%) and FND samples with motor symptoms (g = 0.40, 95% CI −0.18 to 1.00, I2 = 54%). Somatoform dissociation was elevated in FND versus healthy controls (g = 1.80, 95% CI 1.25-2.34, I2 = 75%). Dissociation in FND was associated with more severe functional symptoms, worse quality of life and brain alterations. Conclusions Our findings highlight the potential clinical utility of assessing patients with FND for dissociative symptomatology. However, fewer studies investigated FND samples with motor symptoms and heterogeneity between studies and risk of bias were high. Rigorous investigation of the prevalence, features and mechanistic relevance of dissociation in FND is needed. ER  - 
Levetiracetam dosing for seizure prophylaxis in neurocritical care patients$$$ Background/Objective: Levetiracetam is used for seizure prophylaxis in patients presenting with subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) or traumatic brain injury (TBI). We aim to characterize the optimal levetiracetam dosage for seizure prophylaxis. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included adult patients at an academic tertiary hospital presenting with SAH or TBI who received levetiracetam at a total daily dose (TDD) equivalent to or greater than 1000 mg. The primary outcome was combined seizure incidence, including clinical and subclinical seizures. Results: We identified 139 patients (49.6% male, mean age 53 years) for inclusion. For patients receiving a 1000-mg TDD, the administration was 500 mg twice daily. For patients receiving >1000-mg TDD, 77/78 patients received 1000 mg twice daily and one patient received 750 mg twice daily. Patients receiving 1000-mg TDD had a higher seizure incidence than those receiving >1000-mg TDD (p = 0.01), despite no difference in examined confounders, including history of alcoholism (p = 0.49), benzodiazepine use (p = 0.28), or propofol use (p = 0.17). No difference in adverse effects was observed (anemia, p = 0.44; leukopenia, p = 0.60; thrombocytopenia, p = 0.86). Conclusions: Patients may experience a reduced incidence of clinical and electroencephalographic seizures with levetiracetam dosing >1000-mg TDD. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of new psychoactive substances: A multicenter study$$$ Background: New psychoactive substances (NPS) are synthetic alternatives to illicit drug abuse that are not under international control but may pose a public health threat. Moreover, the symptoms and signs of NPS users may be quite variable. This study aimed to figure out the clinical characteristics of NPS users presented to the emergency department (ED). Methods: A total of 1385 cases were tested via urine toxicity screening from March 25, 2019, to January 28, 2020, in six medical centers, and ten hospitals, in Taiwan. A total of 123 non-NPS cases and 77 NPS-use cases were enrolled in this study. We compared the patient data–vital signs, presentation, co-morbidities, behaviors, symptoms, electrocardiograms, laboratory data, length of stays–and outcomes of NPS users and non-NPS drug users. Results: NPS users were 5.7 years younger than the non-NPS drug users (37 vs. 42.7 years, p = 0.022). Presently, NPS users had a 2.6-fold (27.2%) higher rate of suicide and a 2.9-fold (11.7%) greater possibility of violence than non-NPS drug users. Moreover, in NPS users, eye-opening was affected at a scale of 3.1 versus 3.4 (p = 0.048) in non-NPS drug users in the evaluation of consciousness and they experienced a 4.3-fold greater feeling of palpitation (p = 0.024) and had 8.1-fold higher chance of presenting facial flush (p = 0.032) than non-NPS drug users. Conclusion: NPS users are relatively younger, are more likely to experience facial flush and palpitation and engage in more self-harm, violence, and suicide than non-NPS drug users. Physicians need to pay attention to people who have altered, bizarre mental statuses with the clinical characteristics described above. ER  - 
Effectiveness and tolerability of lacosamide in children with drug resistant epilepsy$$$ We retrospectively studied the efficacy and tolerability of lacosamide (LCM) in children with drug-resistant epilepsy in a tertiary care centre in the Netherlands, from 2013 till 2019, with a follow-up of two years. 79 children, aged < 18 years, were included. Retention rate, effectiveness, reason for termination, and side-effects were analysed. Furthermore, prognostic variables for discontinuation as well as the incidence of side-effects were determined. The LCM retention rate and effectiveness of response were analysed at three, twelve and twenty-four months. The retention rate of LCM was respectively 89.9 %, 68.4 % and 54.4 %. LCM gave an effective response in 60.5 %, 67.9 % and 71.4 % of the participants who were still using LCM at the three follow-up periods. Lack of efficacy was most frequently reported as a reason for discontinuation (58.3 %). Side-effects occurred in 50.6 % of the patients, somnolence (18.2 %) being the most common, followed by behavioural changes (15.6 %), headache (9.1 %) and dizziness (9.1 %). Use of ≥ 1 sodium channel blocker (SCB) was associated with an increased risk (OR = 4.038) of side-effects. An increasing number of anti-seizure medications (ASM) was associated with a reduced risk (OR = 0.524) of stopping LCM. To conclude, LCM is an effective ASM with acceptable side-effects in children with drug-resistant epilepsy. ER  - 
What is the price of residence in rural areas for patients with epilepsy?$$$ Introduction: We aimed to investigate the effects of the urban or rural dwelling of patients with epilepsy living in Giresun on their use of health services, quality of life, and self-efficacy. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, patients with epilepsy who were admitted to the neurology outpatient clinic between January 2022 and August 2022 were evaluated. All the participants were individually interviewed to complete the Epilepsy Self-Efficacy Scale (ESES) and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-10) questionnaire. The frequency of admission to the emergency department, neurology outpatient clinic, and general practitioner clinic where the primary reason for the visit was epilepsy in the last year was determined using the hospital database. Results: This study was composed of 109 patients. The rural dwelling was found in 45% of the participants. The mean age of seizure onset was significantly lower in patients dwelling in rural areas Mean GP and ED visits didn’t differ according to dwelling. On the other hand, mean neurology outpatient clinic visits were significantly lower in patients living in rural areas. The QOLIE-10 didn’t differ according to the dwelling. However, lower ESES results were obtained in patients living in rural areas. Conclusion: This study shows that there is a disparity in neurologist visits among patients with epilepsy dwelling in rural areas. Furthermore, lower ESES scores were found in these patients. Educational interventions should be addressed particularly to the patients dwelling in rural areas to strengthen self-efficacy, and fill the gaps for the shortage of health personnel and qualified health care. ER  - 
Prednisolone or tetracosactide depot for infantile epileptic spasms syndrome? A prospective analysis of data embedded within two randomised controlled trials$$$ Objective: To report a prospectively planned analysis of two randomised controlled trials with embedded comparisons of prednisolone versus tetracosactide depot for the treatment of infantile epileptic spasms syndrome (IESS). Methods: Individual patient data from patients randomly allocated to prednisolone or tetracosactide depot were analysed from two trials (UKISS, ICISS). The comparison was embedded within trials in which some patients also received vigabatrin but only patients receiving monotherapy with randomly allocated hormonal treatments are included in this analysis. The main outcome was cessation of spasms (Days 13–14 after randomisation). Lead time to treatment and underlying aetiology were taken into account. Cessation of spasms on Days 14–42 inclusive, electroclinical response (EEG Day 14), plus developmental and epilepsy outcomes (at 14 months in UKISS and 18 months in ICISS) are also reported. Minimum treatment was prednisolone 40 mg per day for two weeks or tetracosactide depot 0·5 mg IM on alternate days for two weeks, all followed by a reducing dose of prednisolone over two weeks. Results: 126 infants were included in this study. On tetracosactide depot, 47 of 62 (76%) were free of spasms on Days 13–14 compared to 43 of 64 (67%) on prednisolone (difference 9%, 95% CI -7·2% to +25·2%, chi square 1·15, p = 0·28). For Day 14–42 cessation of spasms, on tetracosactide depot, 41 of 61 (67%) were free of spasms compared to 35 of 62 (56%) on prednisolone (difference 11%, 95% CI -6·4% to +28·4%, chi square 1·51, p = 0·22). There was no significant difference in mean VABS score between infants who received prednisolone compared with those who received tetracosactide depot (74·8 (SD 18·3) versus 78·0 (SD 20·2) t = −0·91 p = 0·36). The proportion with ongoing epilepsy at the time of developmental assessment was 20 of 61 (33%) in the tetracosactide group compared with 26 out of 63 (41%) in the prednisolone group (difference 8%, 95% CI -9·2% to +25·2%, Chi [2] 0·95, p = 0·33). Significance: With hormone monotherapy, either prednisolone or tetracosactide depot may be recommended for infantile epileptic spasms syndrome. ER  - 
Borderline Personality Traits in Patients With Epilepsy$$$ Background: Although much research on patients with epilepsy (PWE) has focused on psychiatric disorders such as depression, anxiety, and psychotic disorders, the relationship between epilepsy and personality disorders has not been frequently studied. Objectives: The study aimed to evaluate borderline personality traits in PWE. Materials & Methods: In this case-control study, we evaluated 211 PWE who were consecutively referred to 22 Bahman Hospital, Mashhad, Iran, in 2021. We also compared the patients with an age-matched and gender-matched control group. The Borderline personality traits were assessed by the second subscale of the schizotypal questionnaire (STB) which is known as the borderline personality scale questionnaire. Data were coded and analyzed by SPSS software, version 20. Results: Epilepsy group had significantly higher borderline personality features in comparison with the control group (P=0.029). PWE had significantly higher scores in hopelessness (P=0.017) and impulsivity factors (P=0.046) on the STB questionnaire. Our results revealed that PWE who were married (P=0.011) and who had epilepsy for more than 10 years, had significantly higher borderline personality traits (P=0.04). Conclusion: PWE are more likely to have borderline personality traits. Therefore, it is important to screen epileptic patients to detect it earlier to avoid further consequences and its possible effects on therapeutic responses. ER  - 
Characterizing the physical and mental health profile of children, adolescents and adults with autism spectrum disorder in Spain$$$ Introduction: Autistic men and women are more likely to experience health issues than the general population, although the available epidemiological studies addressing co-occurrence conditions are limited. This is the first Spanish epidemiologic study addressing the health profile and poor-health exacerbating factors in individuals of all ages with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Methods: We analyzed 2,629 registries extracted from Autism Spain’s sociodemographic registry (November 2017–May 2020). A descriptive health data analysis was conducted to assess the prevalence of other conditions associated to ASD in the Spanish population. Nervous system disorders (12.9%), mental health diagnoses (17.8%), and other comorbidities (25.4%) were reported. Men-to-women ratio was 4:1. Results: Women, elder individuals and those with intellectual disability (ID) were at an increased risk of health comorbidities and psychopharmacological exposure. Women were also more prone to severe intellectual and functional impairment. Nearly all individuals had difficulties in their adaptative functioning, especially those with ID (50% of the population). Almost half of the sample received psychopharmacological treatments starting from infancy and early childhood, mostly antipsychotics and anticonvulsants. Discussion: This study represents an important first approach to the health status of autistic people in Spain and can contribute to the development of public policies and innovative health strategies. ER  - 
Meningoencephalitis associated with GAD65 autoimmunity$$$ Background: Encephalitis has been recognized in patients with autoimmunity related to the 65-kDa isoform of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD65) antibodies; however, patients with meningoencephalitis associated with those antibodies have been rarely identified in the medical literature. We aimed to define the frequency, clinical features, response to therapy, and functional outcomes of patients with meningoencephalitis associated with GAD antibodies. Methods: We retrospectively studied consecutive patients attending a tertiary care center for evaluation of an autoimmune neurological disorder from January 2018 to June 2022. The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was used to assess the functional outcome at the last follow-up. Results: We evaluated 482 patients with confirmed autoimmune encephalitis during the study period. Four among the 25 patients with encephalitis related to GAD65 antibodies were identified. One patient was excluded owing to the coexistence of NMDAR antibodies. Three male patients aged 36, 24, and 16 years had an acute (n = 1) or subacute (n = 2) onset of confusion, psychosis, cognitive symptoms, seizures, or tremor. No patient had fever or clinical signs of meningeal irritation. Mild pleocytosis (<100 leukocytes/106) was identified in two patients, whereas one patient had normal CSF. Following immunotherapy with corticosteroids (n = 3) or intravenous immunoglobulin (n = 1), significant improvement was observed in all three cases, achieving a good outcome (mRS 1) in all cases. Conclusion: Meningoencephalitis is an uncommon presentation of GAD65 autoimmunity. Patients present with signs of encephalitis but with meningeal enhancement and have good outcomes. ER  - 
Cannabis companies and the sponsorship of scientific research: A cross-sectional Canadian case study$$$ Corporations across sectors engage in the conduct, sponsorship, and dissemination of scientific research. Industry sponsorship of research, however, is associated with research agendas, outcomes, and conclusions that are favourable to the sponsor. The legalization of cannabis in Canada provides a useful case study to understand the nature and extent of the nascent cannabis industry's involvement in the production of scientific evidence as well as broader impacts on equity-oriented research agendas. We conducted a cross-sectional, descriptive, meta-research study to describe the characteristics of research that reports funding from, or author conflicts of interest with, Canadian cannabis companies. From May to August 2021, we sampled licensed, prominent Canadian cannabis companies, identified their subsidiaries, and searched each company name in the PubMed conflict of interest statement search interface. Authors of included articles disclosed research support from, or conflicts of interest with, Canadian cannabis companies. We included 156 articles: 82% included at least one author with a conflict of interest and 1/3 reported study support from a Canadian cannabis company. More than half of the sampled articles were not cannabis focused, however, a cannabis company was listed amongst other biomedical companies in the author disclosure statement. For articles with a cannabis focus, prevalent topics included cannabis as a treatment for a range of conditions (15/72, 21%), particularly chronic pain (6/72, 8%); as a tool in harm reduction related to other substance use (10/72, 14%); product safety (10/72, 14%); and preclinical animal studies (6/72, 8%). Demographics were underreported in empirical studies with human participants, but most included adults (76/84, 90%) and, where reported, predominantly white (32/39, 82%) and male (49/83, 59%) participants. The cannabis company-funded studies included people who used drugs (37%) and people prescribed medical cannabis (22%). Canadian cannabis companies may be analogous to peer industries such as pharmaceuticals, alcohol, tobacco, and food in the following three ways: sponsoring research related to product development, expanding indications of use, and supporting key opinion leaders. Given the recent legalization of cannabis in Canada, there is ample opportunity to create a policy climate that can mitigate the harms of criminalization as well as impacts of the “funding effect” on research integrity, research agendas, and the evidence base available for decision-making, while promoting high-priority and equity-oriented independent research. ER  - 
Radiation-induced meningiomas (RIM) in adults: A single-centre retrospective experience$$$ Introduction: Radiotherapy of central nervous system (CNS) is treatment against many paediatric cancers, even if it is a well-recognized risk factor for meningioma formation. An increased risk of developing secondary brain tumors like radiation-induced meningiomas (RIM) is related to irradiated patients. Research question: This retrospective study aims to present RIM cases treated in a single tertiary-hospital in Greece and compare the results with international literature and cases of sporadic meningiomas. Materials and methods: A single-centre retrospective study of all patients diagnosed between January 2012 and September 2022 with RIM after having been irradiated in CNS for paediatric cancer was undertaken through hospital's electronic record and clinical notes, identifying baseline demographics and latency period. Results: Thirteen patients were identified with RIM diagnosis after receiving irradiation for Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia (69.2%), Premature Neuro-Ectodermal Tumour (23.1%), and Astrocytoma (7.7%). Median age at irradiation was 5 years old and 32 years old at RIM's presentation. The latent period from irradiation to meningioma diagnosis was 26.23 ​± ​5.96 years. After surgical excision, histopathologic results showed grade I meningiomas in 12 out of thirteen cases, while only one atypical meningioma was diagnosed. Conclusion: Patients who underwent CNS-radiotherapy in childhood for any condition have an increased risk of developing secondary brain tumors such as radiation-induced meningiomas. RIMs resemble sporadic meningiomas in symptomatology, location, treatment, and histologic grade. However, long-term follow-up and regular check-ups are recommended in irradiated patients due to short latency period from irradiation to RIM development, which means younger age patients than those with sporadic meningiomas cases. ER  - 
Assessing the revised Clinical Institute Withdrawal for Alcohol Scale use at Stikland Hospital$$$ Background: Alcohol use disorder (AUD) is a major public health concern in South Africa (SA). Abrupt cessation or reduction of alcohol intake in chronic users can result in withdrawal symptoms. Benzodiazepines are the treatment of choice but need to be used cautiously in patients with a lifetime history of substance abuse given their highly addictive potential. Symptom-triggered prescription of benzodiazepines during alcohol withdrawal using the Revised Clinical Institute Withdrawal for Alcohol Scale (CIWA-Ar) has been associated with improved safety and reduced benzodiazepines use. Aim: To investigate if implementation of the CIWA-Ar during alcohol detoxification impacted the dose of benzodiazepines used and withdrawal-related outcomes. Setting: Alcohol rehabilitation unit (ARU) at Stikland Psychiatric Hospital. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of 135 admissions over a six-month period comparing two groups: before (2015) and after (2017) the implementation of the CIWA-Ar. Results: The study noted no differences in sociodemographic and alcohol-associated variables between the two groups, and there were no recorded complications in either group. The 2017 group had a lower percentage of patients that required benzodiazepines (33.8% vs. 51.4%, p = 0.04) and a lower median total amount of benzodiazepines used during alcohol withdrawal (0 mg vs. 5 mg, p = 0.01). Conclusions: The CIWA-Ar rating scale was an effective alternative to prescribing benzodiazepines pro re nata and decreased the total dose of benzodiazepines used during alcohol withdrawal. Contribution: The use of a symptom triggered regime, like the CIWA-Ar rating scale, during withdrawal can be implemented safely in a SA treatment setting for patients with low-risk AUD. ER  - 
Role of Neurogenesis and Oxidative Stress in Epilepsy (Study on Plasma Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Malondialdehyde Level)$$$ BACKGROUND: Epilepsy is a neurological disorder. Its incidence in Indonesia was 700,000–1,400,000 cases and 40–50% occurred in children. About 30–40% of cases in children had uncontrolled seizures. Biomarkers are needed to assess the prognostic value of patients with uncontrolled epilepsy. Malondialdehyde (MDA) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) are one of the prognostic biomarkers related to uncontrolled epilepsy to see the effect of oxidative stress and neuroplasticity. AIM: The objective of the study was to examine cut off value of plasma BDNF and MDA level; and to compare plasma BDNF and MDA levels in uncontrolled and controlled epilepsy patients. METHODS: The research usedanalytic observational with cross-sectional approach. Number of respondents was 30 patients of epilepsy who came to Ulin Hospital Banjarmasin. Respondents were divided into two groups (controlled and uncontrolled epilepsy). Blood plasma was examined for MDA with a spectrophotometer and BDNF with ELISA. Data were analyzed by t-test with 95% confidence level. RESULTS: 11 children were found in the uncontrolled epilepsy group and 19 children with controlled epilepsy. The result showed that there were significant differences between type of therapy and developmental disorders/other diseases with epilepsy status. There was no significant differences of plasma BDNF in epilepsy status (controlled and uncontrolled epilepsy), and there was also no significant differences of plasma MDA in epilepsy status (controlled and uncontrolled epilepsy). CONCLUSION: There were no significant differences of plasma BDNF and MDA in epilepsy status. ER  - 
NECK MASSES IN AGED PATIENTS: ETIOLOGY AND SEMIOLOGICAL FEATURES ASSOCIATED WITH MALIGNANCY$$$ Introduction: The purposes of our study were to describe the distribution of diagnoses in a series of 273 patients over 65 years of age who presented for neck masses and to identify semiological features associated with malignancy. Methods: Neck masses were categorized as congenital lesions (n = 7, 3%, 95% CI: 1%-5%), inflammatory masses (n = 67, 25%, 95% CI: 19%-30%), benign neoplasms (n = 77, 28%, 95% CI: 23%-34%), and malignant neoplasms (n = 87, 32%, 95% CI: 26%-38%). Results: A group of patients had discontinued care and, consequently, a definitive diagnosis could not be reached (n = 35, 12%). Age (OR 1.06, 95% CI 1.00-1.12), male sex (OR 2.35, 95% CI 1.11-4.96), prior history of cancer (OR 2.66, 95% CI 1.02-6.92), mass fixation to skin or deep tissues (OR 4.87, 95% CI 2.20-10.76), and the involvement of multiple cervical lymph node levels (OR 4.15, 95% CI 1.64-10.51) were identified as semiological features associated with malignancy. Conclusion: In the case of a neck mass in an elderly patient, its neoplastic origin should be strongly suspected. ER  - 
“My mind goes dead … I cannot speak”: an expression of DPD$$$ Introduction: Here we present a case of Depersonalisation–Derealisation Disorder which involves an unusual environmental trigger and profile of symptoms in a patient with an underlying left frontal encephalomalacia. Methods: The clinical information has been collected from multiple neurological, psychiatric, neuropsychological examinations and from the patient’s medical records. Results: The neuropsychiatric assessment showed depersonalisation, derealisation, de-somatisation and de-affectualisation, along with a good response to SSRI + Lamotrigine; all typical features of DPD. The neuropsychological assessment showed language problems, and other mild cognitive difficulties that may provide a neuropsychological foundation contributing to the DPD episodes. Discussion and conclusion: Given Mr R’s underlying neuropsychological deficit, hearing voices without speech-associated gestures might place excessive demands on his ability to process the information, exacerbating his feelings of threat. This sets up the pattern of suppressed insula activation, and possibly the suppression of the auditory cortex leading to the presented unusual DPD symptoms. ER  - 
Investigating the genetic contribution in febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome and refractory status epilepticus$$$ Introduction: Febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome (FIRES) is a severe childhood epilepsy with refractory status epilepticus after a typically mild febrile infection. The etiology of FIRES is largely unknown, and outcomes in most individuals with FIRES are poor. Methods: Here, we reviewed the current state-of-the art genetic testing strategies in individuals with FIRES. We performed a systematic computational analysis to identify individuals with FIRES and characterize the clinical landscape using the Electronic Medical Records (EMR). Among 25 individuals with a confirmed FIRES diagnosis over the last decade, we performed a comprehensive review of genetic testing and other diagnostic testing. Results: Management included use of steroids and intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) in most individuals, with an increased use of immunomodulatory agents, including IVIG, plasma exchange (PLEX) and immunosuppressants such as cytokine inhibitors, and the ketogenic diet after 2014. Genetic testing was performed on a clinical basis in almost all individuals and was non-diagnostic in all patients. We compared FIRES with both status epilepticus (SE) and refractory status epilepticus (RSE) as a broader comparison cohort and identified genetic causes in 36% of patients with RSE. The difference in genetic signatures between FIRES and RSE suggest distinct underlying etiologies. In summary, despite the absence of any identifiable etiologies in FIRES, we performed an unbiased analysis of the clinical landscape, identifying a heterogeneous range of treatment strategies and characterized real-world clinical practice. Discussion: FIRES remains one of the most enigmatic conditions in child neurology without any known etiologies to date despite significant efforts in the field, suggesting a clear need for further studies and novel diagnostic and treatment approaches. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric Manifestations of COVID-19 in Hospitalized Pediatrics: A Multicenter Cross-sectional Study$$$ Background: The large proportion of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) patients has been associated with a large number of neu-ropsychiatric manifestations. Despite the high prevalence of COVID-19, few studies have examined such manifestations, especially in children and adolescents. Objectives: This study investigated neuropsychiatric manifestations in hospitalized children and adolescents admitted for COVID-19 infection in Iran. Methods: This prospective observational study included admitted children and adolescents (4-18 years old) diagnosed with COVID-19 infection, pediatric neurologists, child and adolescent psychiatrists, and infectious disease specialists, and assessed 375 infected patients during August and December 2021. Results: Of the 375 patients, 176 (47%) were female, with a mean age of 9.0 ± 3.39 years. Psychiatric and neurological manifestations were reported in 58 (15.5%) and 58 (15.5%) patients, respectively. The most prevalent psychiatric disorders were separation anxiety disorder (SAD) (5.1%), major depressive disorder (MDD) (3.5%), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) (2.7%), insomnia (2.4%), and op-positional defiant disorder (ODD) (2.4%). Regarding neurological complications, seizures were the most prevalent (13.1%), followed by encephalitis (1.9%), transverse myelitis (0.3%), acute ischemic stroke (0.3%), and Guillain-Barre syndrome (0.3%). There was no significant relationship between the duration of COVID-19 infection (P = 0.54) and ICU admission (P = 0.44) with the emergence of psychiatric symptoms. Conclusions: The most prevalent neurologic and psychiatric complications among children and adolescents with COVID-19 infection were seizures and the symptoms of anxiety/mood disorders, respectively. ER  - 
Can Twitter posts serve as early indicators for potential safety signals? A retrospective analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: As Twitter has gained significant popularity, tweets can serve as large pool of readily available data to estimate the adverse events (AEs) of medications. OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated whether tweets were an early indicator for potential safety warnings. Additionally, the trend of AEs posted on Twitter was compared with AEs from the Yellow Card system in the United Kingdom. METHODS: English Tweets for 35 drug-event pairs for the period 2017-2019, two years prior to the date of EMA Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee (PRAC) meeting, were collected. Both signal and non-signal AEs were manually identified and encoded using the MedDRA dictionary. AEs from Yellow Card were also gathered for the same period. Descriptive and inferential statistical analysis was conducted using Fisher's exact test to assess the distribution and proportion of AEs from the two data sources. RESULTS: Of the total 61,661 English tweets, 1,411 had negative or neutral sentiment and mention of at least one AE. Tweets for 15 out of the 35 drugs (42.9%) contained AEs associated with the signals. On pooling data from Twitter and Yellow Card, 24 out of 35 drug-event pairs (68.6%) were identified prior to the respective PRAC meetings. Both data sources showed similar distribution of AEs based on seriousness, however, the distribution based on labelling was divergent. CONCLUSION: Twitter cannot be used in isolation for signal detection in current pharmacovigilance (PV) systems. However, it can be used in combination with traditional PV systems for early signal detection, as it can provide a holistic drug safety profile. ER  - 
Factors Associated with Response in Patients with Schizophrenia Undergoing Bilateral Electroconvulsive Therapy: Retrospective Study$$$ Abstract Objective: To examine the response rate and factors associated with response in patients with schizophrenia undergoing bilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Method: Demographic data, clinical characteristics, ECT data and treatment response (defined as a 40% reduction in the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) psychotic symptom subscale after last ECT session) of patients with schizophrenia, undergoing bilateral ECT from January 2013 to June 2022 were reviewed. We analyzed the clinical characteristics of the patients and clinical outcome so as to evaluate factors associated with response and speed of response. Results: Forty-six patients were included. The reasons for ECT were to non-response to antipsychotics (27/58.7%), agitation (11/23.9%), psychomotor retardation (5/10.9%), and intolerance to side effects of psychotropic medication (3/6.5%). The response rate was 60.9%. Nine (19.6%) patients responded after the first three sessions, 17 (37%) after six sessions, 20 (43.5%) after nine sessions, 25 (54.3%) after 12 sessions and 28 (60.9%) after last ECT sessions. Baseline BPRS psychotic symptom subscale score of responders (17.0 ± 5.8) were significantly higher than of non-responders (10.9 ± 6.4) (p < 0.05). Duration of EEG seizure of responders (53.9 ± 22.6) was significantly longer than of non-responders (42.7 ± 11.0). No association between demographic and ECT data with treatment response. Among responders (n=28), 20 (71.4%) responded to ECT after nine sessions (faster responders), 8 (29.6%) responded later (slower responders). Number of failed antipsychotics prior ECT were 2.8 ± 1.6 for faster responders, and 4.4 ± 1.9 for slower responders (p = 0.02). A nominal logistic regression showed the number of failed antipsychotics prior ECT was associated with speed of response to ECT. (p = 0.037, odd ratio = 1.77) Conclusions: ECT was an effective treatment for schizophrenia. The number of failed antipsychotics prior ECT was associated with speed of response to ECT. Keywords: Electroconvulsive therapy, Schizophrenia, Acute ECT, Response rate, Inpatient Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 2. Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) Keywords: Electroconvulsive therapy, Schizophrenia, Response rate, Inpatient ER  - 
Decreased regional postictal perfusion after electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures measured with arterial spin labelling$$$ Abstract Background: The postictal state may result from cerebral hypoperfusion as a consequence from seizure-triggered vasoconstriction. Here, we explore this hypothesis using data from patients with major depressive disorder treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). We recently argued that the postictal state in these patients shows similar characteristics as observed in patients with epilepsy. Earlier work suggested that regional perfusion decreases postictally in frontal brain areas and increases in the thalamus follow ECT-induced seizures. Methods: We used arterial spin labelling magnetic resonance imaging (ASL-MRI) before and one hour after ECT-induced seizures to quantify postictal cerebral blood flow (CBF). Per patient, one postictal CBF-map was compared to a baseline CBF-map. We performed an explorative full-factorial whole-brain voxel-wise analysis of variance to determine perfusion changes over time, while correcting for age, sex, and electrode placement. Data were part of a prospective, three conditions cross-over trial, with randomized condition allocation, open-label treatment, and blinded end-point evaluation (NL68690.091.18). Results: Twenty-one patients were included. In this preliminary analysis, we found decreased regional postictal perfusion in the left inferior and middle temporal gyrus, the left medial and middle frontal gyrus, and two clusters in the right superior frontal gyrus (p <0.05; cluster-level corrected). Compared to baseline, no significant increases in postictal cerebral perfusion were noted. Regional voxel-wise analyses of the thalamus did not yield significant perfusion changes (Mean baseline = 36.7 [SD = 12.3], Mean postictal = 39.9 [SD 14.3]). Conclusion: We find regional postictal perfusion decreases in select frontal and temporal brain areas which supports the postictal hypoperfusion hypothesis. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 2. Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) Keywords: arterial spin labelling, major depressive disorder, postictal state, electroconvulsive therapy ER  - 
Influence of Anesthesia on Seizure Quality in Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Retrospective Study at Kansai Medical University$$$ Abstract Introduction: Seizure quality in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has not been comprehensively quantified and evaluated in many reports worldwide. In this study, we quantified seizure assessment situations, which are often evaluated empirically and sensitively, using Seizure quality categories (SQC), which can comprehensively quantify seizure quality on a scale of 0 to 3. In this study, we examined the correlation between induction anesthetics and seizure quality, which is considered to be the most influential ECT-related factor. Anesthetics in ECT are generally barbiturates or propofol, but ketamine, which has a low anticonvulsant effect, is used when induction of effective seizures is difficult. This study was conducted after obtaining approval from the Ethics Review Committee of Kansai Medical University Hospital. Methods: The study included 40 patients (620 sessions) with ECT indications (mood disorders, schizophrenia, catatonia, etc.) at Kansai Medical University University(KMU) from April 2017 to November 2021. Patient background, anesthetics, SQC, stimulus duration, sessions, stimulation dose, and anaesthetic-ECT time interval(AETI) were the study subjects. Analysis of covariance was performed with SQC as the dependent variable, anesthesia (thiamylal, propofol, ketamine) as a fixed factor, and ECT frequency and stimulus duration and anaesthetic-ECT time interval as covariates. Results: The SQC for each anesthetic was 2.31 for thiamylal, 2.06 for propofol, and 2.34 for ketamine. An analysis of covariance model for seizure quality showed no significant difference between thiamylal and ketamine, but propofol had poorer seizure quality than the other two groups. In addition, logistic regression analysis of background factors determining seizure quality showed that "age (p=0.006)" and "AETI (p=0.001)" were involved, supporting previous literature. The results confirm previous literature. Conclusion: Despite the disadvantages of ketamine in terms of cardioprotection, switching to ketamine when seizures are difficult to induce is worth considering, considering that the population of patients who used ketamine had difficult-to-induce seizures. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 2. Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) Keywords: Electroconvulsive therapy, Quality of seizure, Anesthesia, Ketamine ER  - 
Effects of Anesthesia-ECT Time Interval on Seizure Quality and Clinical Outcome: An Interim Report on a Prospective Randomized Trial of AETI 150 sec vs. 240 sec$$$ Abstract Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has the largest effect size for treatment resistant depression and catatonia. However, because anesthetics in ECT have anticonvulsant effects, it is necessary to introduce them at a minimal dose while not interfering with seizure development. Therefore, we are conducting an RCT to elucidate effect of the anesthetic-ECT time interval(AETI) on seizure quality, efficacy, and tolerability. Methods: 50 patients were randomly assigned to {AETI=150sec} or {AETI=240sec}. Propofol was used as an anaesthetic, and the half-age method determined the initial stimulation dose. The SQC evaluated seizure quality on a 0-3-point scale. CGI-S and disease-specific clinical rating scales were used to evaluate improvement, including psychiatric symptoms. Other assessments used were MMSE for cognitive disability and ICDSC for delirium. This study was approved by our hospital's Ethics Committee and registered with UMIN-CTR (UMIN000043472). Results: The results of those who completed the analysis (n=17;depression 12, catatonia 5) showed that the mean SQC of {AETI=150sec} group was 1.85 pts, and the mean SQC of {AETI=240sec} group was 2.13 pts, with a significant difference between the two groups (p=0.002). The number of changes in stimulus settings, an indirect proof of inadequate seizures, was higher in the {AETI = 150 sec} group. There was no difference in CGI-S between the two groups, but there was a significant difference in the frequency of delirium after ECT in the {AETI=150sec} (20.8%) and the {AETI=240sec} group (16.9%) (p= 0.045). Conclusions: In an interim analysis, the quality of seizures during Propofol ECT is better in {AETI=240sec} group. There was no difference in efficacy, There was no difference in efficacy, but the risk of delirium was higher in {AETI=150sec} Limitations: This study is ongoing. We are still accumulating cases with the goal of finding an optimized clinical value for AETI and seizure quality. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 2. Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) Keywords: Electroconvulsive therapy, Anesthesia, Propofol, Time interval ER  - 
Lacosamide as the first add-on therapy in adult patients with focal epilepsy: A multicenter real-world study$$$ Background: Prospective observations on the effectiveness, safety, tolerance, and influence of comorbidity of add-on lacosamide (LCM) therapy are still lacking, especially for domestic generic LCM in China. Objective: In this multicenter real-world study, we aimed to evaluate lacosamide (LCM) as the first add-on therapy in adult Chinese patients with focal epilepsy that had initially been treated with monotherapy. Methods: A cohort of consecutive focal epilepsy patients aged over 16 years were enrolled and followed at the multi-epilepsy centers in China. LCM was prescribed as the first add-on therapy. The main outcome measures included seizure frequency and response rate. Data on seizure-free rate, retention rate, scales of depression and anxiety, and adverse events were also collected as additional outcome measures. Results: A total number of 107 adult subjects (60 men, 56.07%) were enrolled. The mean age was 37.16 ± 15.01 years, and the mean age at seizure onset was 312.35 ± 199.97 months. After the LCM add-on therapy, the ≥50% response rates were 76.19, 81.73, 94.12, and 95.79% at the visit at 4 weeks (visit 2), 8 weeks (visit 3), 16 weeks (visit 4), and 24 weeks (visit 5), respectively, compared to the baseline (visit 1). A total of 34 patients (31.78%) had no seizures during the whole follow-up period. The posttreatment emotional performance of the 97 subjects, defined as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory (NDDI) scores, was significantly better than the baseline one. Only one patient suffered from mild dizziness. Conclusion: LCM as the first add-on therapy in adult focal epilepsy in China was effective and safe. Further prospective studies with long-term follow-up periods are needed to confirm our present findings. Clinical trial registration: http://www.chictr.org.cn, ChiCTR2100042485. ER  - 
A retrospective data analysis of psychiatric cases in Hargeisa, Somaliland between 2019 and 2020$$$ Background: In Somaliland, an estimated one person in every two households suffers from psychiatric disorders. Despite this, access to mental health care is limited because of shortages in facilities, human resources, funding and stigma. Aim: To present the proportion of psychiatric disorders encountered in outpatient psychiatry clinics. Setting: The University if Hargeisa (UoH), Hargesisa, Somaliland. Methods: De-identified data on patients accessing psychiatric care from doctor trainees in the dual psychiatry–neurology residency program at UoH from January 2019 to June 2020 were included in the analysis. The Institutional Review Board from UoH approved data collection and analysis. The most common psychiatric diagnoses were summarised overall and by sex and age. Results: A total of 752 patients were included in the analysis. Most were male (54.7%), with an average age of 34.9 years. The most common psychiatric diagnoses were schizophrenia (28.0%), major depressive disorder (MDD) (14.3%) and bipolar disorder type 1 (BD1) (10.5%). When stratified by sex, patients with schizophrenia and BD1 were more likely to be male (73.5% and 53.3%, respectively), and those with MDD were more likely to be female (58.8%). Trauma-and stressor-related disorders accounted for 0.4% of cases, while 0.8% of patients presented with substance use disorders (alcohol and khat), which is an underestimate of the widespread use in Somaliland. Conclusion: Additional research using structured clinical interviews is needed to determine the epidemiology of psychiatric disorders and promote policies aiming to decrease neuropsychiatric mortality and morbidity. Contribution: This work presents the first data collection related to neuropsychiatric disorders in Somaliland. ER  - 
Evaluation of patients who had lumbar puncture in the emergency department Lumbar puncture in the emergency department$$$ Aim: In our study, it was aimed to contribute to the literature by investigating the clinical characteristics, predisposing factors, causative microorganisms and mortality rates of the patients followed up with the diagnosis of community-acquired CNS infection. Material and Methods: Demographic data, clinical findings, and laboratory values of patients older than 18 years of age who applied to the emergency medical clinic of the hospital and were diagnosed with CNS infection were collected from their medical records. Persons under the age of 18 who were transferred to another health center, diagnosed with nosocomial CNS infection were excluded from the study Results: Of the 46 patients included in the study, 56.5% were female and 43.5% were male. It was observed that the mean age of the patients was 51.5±2.4. Of the patients, 45.65% had acute bacterial meningitis, 34.78% had encephalitis-aseptic meningitis, 8.69% had tuberculous meningitis, 6.52% had fungal meningitis, and 4.34% had brain abscess. When the patients were evaluated according to their physical examination and hospital admission complaints, in the patients with acute bacterial meningitis, fever was present in 76.19%, altered consciousness in 71.42%, headache in 66.6%, and CNS irritation findings in 66.6%. Aseptic meningitis/encephalitis patients had altered consciousness in 75%, headache in 62.5%, and fever in 56.25%. When the predisposing factors in patients with fungal meningitis were evaluated, it was observed that 66.6% of the patients and 50% of the patients with tuberculous meningitis had an immunosuppressive condition. There was no growth in CSF culture in 38.09% of acute bacterial meningitis patients. No causative agent was detected in 43.75% of aseptic meningitis-encephalitis patients. Varicella Zoster Virus (VZV) was the most common causative agent in aseptic meningitis-encephalitis patients. Neurological deficit developed as a complication in 30.09% of patients with acute bacterial meningitis, in 25% of patients with aseptic meningitis-encephalitis, in 50% of patients with tuberculous meningitis, in 33.3% of patients with fungal meningitis and in 50% of patients with brain abscess. Discussion: Clinic and prognosis of CNS infections differ according to the age of the patient, the causative microorganism, the time of diagnosis and initiation of treatment, and predisposing factors such as conditions causing immunosuppression. In our study, contrary to much literature, VZV was most commonly isolated in patients with aseptic meningitis-encephalitis. It should also be kept in mind that there may not be a risk factor in cases of CNS infection. Complications should be closely monitored in patients with acute bacterial meningitis, brain abscess, and tuberculous meningitis. ER  - 
Associations between SARS-CoV-2 infection and incidence of new chronic condition diagnoses: a systematic review$$$ Because of the large number of infected individuals, an estimate of the future burdens of the long-term consequences of SARS-CoV-2 infection is needed. This systematic review examined associations between SARS-CoV-2 infection and incidence of categories of and selected chronic conditions, by age and severity of infection (inpatient vs. outpatient/mixed care). MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched (1 January 2020 to 4 October 2022) and reference lists scanned. We included observational studies from high-income OECD countries with a control group adjusting for sex and comorbidities. Identified records underwent a two-stage screening process. Two reviewers screened 50% of titles/abstracts, after which DistillerAI acted as second reviewer. Two reviewers then screened the full texts of stage one selections. One reviewer extracted data and assessed risk of bias; results were verified by another. Random-effects meta-analysis estimated pooled hazard ratios (HR). GRADE assessed certainty of the evidence. Twenty-five studies were included. Among the outpatient/mixed SARS-CoV-2 care group, there is high certainty of a small-to-moderate increase (i.e. HR 1.26–1.99) among adults ≥65 years of any cardiovascular condition, and of little-to-no difference (i.e. HR 0.75–1.25) in anxiety disorders for individuals <18, 18–64, and ≥65 years old. Among 18–64 and ≥65 year-olds receiving outpatient/mixed care there are probably (moderate certainty) large increases (i.e. HR ≥2.0) in encephalopathy, interstitial lung disease, and respiratory failure. After SARS-CoV-2 infection, there is probably an increased risk of diagnoses for some chronic conditions; whether the magnitude of risk will remain stable into the future is uncertain. ER  - 
Are antimuscarinic effects common in hydroxyzine overdose? A cohort analysis of antimuscarinic effects in hydroxyzine and diphenhydramine-poisoned patients$$$ Introduction: Exposures to hydroxyzine, a first-generation H1 antihistamine, have increased rapidly over the last two decades. Many assumptions about hydroxyzine poisoning are based on other antihistamines, like diphenhydramine. However, the receptor affinities of hydroxazine suggest that there should be fewer antimuscarinic findings than diphenhydramine. Methods: This was a cohort study that compared hydroxyzine and diphenhydramine exposures reported to the National Poison Data System between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2020, and the Toxicologic Investigators Consortium Core Registry between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2020. The primary outcome was to assess for antimuscarinic findings in hydroxyzine-poisoned patients, using diphenhydramine-poisoned patients as a comparison group. The secondary outcomes were to assess for markers of overall toxicity. Inclusion criteria were single-substance exposures with known outcomes. Exclusion criteria for National Poison Data System exposures were chronic exposures, unintentional exposures, and patients younger than 12 years old. There were no exclusion criteria for exposures reported to the Toxicologic Investigators Consortium Core Registry. Results: There were 17,265 hydroxyzine and 102,354 diphenhydramine exposures reported to the National Poison Data System and 134 hydroxyzine and 1,484 diphenhydramine exposures reported to the Toxicologic Investigators Consortium Core Registry that met inclusion criteria. In both datasets, hydroxyzine-poisoned patients had lower rates and relative risk of developing antimuscarinic findings or receiving physostigmine, with the exception of hyperthermia in the Toxicologic Investigators Consortium Core Registry dataset. Coma/central nervous system depression (major), respiratory depression, seizures, ventricular dysrhythmias, intubation, and benzodiazepine administration were less likely in hydroxyzine-poisoned patients, but central nervous system depression (mild) was more likely in exposures reported to the National Poison Data System. The mortality in hydroxyzine-poisoned patients was rare: 0.02% and 0.8% of exposures reported to the National Poison Data System and Toxicologic Investigators Consortium Core Registry, respectively. Discussion: The clinical manifestations of hydroxyzine exposures are consistent with the pharmacology of hydroxazine. The clinical effects were consistent across two United States national datasets. Clinicians should not generalize the illness script of diphenhydramine exposures to hydroxyzine exposures. Conclusions: Hydroxyzine-poisoned patients were less likely to develop antimuscarinic findings than diphenhydramine-poisoned patients. Hydroxyzine-poisoned patients were more likely to have mild central nervous system depression than an antimuscarinic toxidrome. ER  - 
A Placebo-Controlled Randomized Trial of Vigabatrin in the Management of Acute Alcohol Withdrawal$$$ Objective: To undertake a double blinded randomised placebo-controlled trial to assess the efficacy of vigabatrin, a GABA-transaminase inhibitor, as a benzodiazepine sparing agent in the management of acute alcohol withdrawal syndrome in a residential setting. Methods: We enrolled 120 patients with alcohol use disorder who were randomly assigned to either treatment with vigabatrin (2g/day for 4 days) or placebo. The primary outcome was defined as the number of participants in each treatment arm needing diazepam for withdrawal management. A secondary outcome prespecified was the total dose of diazepam received by participants in each treatment arm. Participants were recruited on admission to a residential withdrawal unit at St Vincent's Hospital Melbourne from December 2014 to April 2019. Results: No significant difference was observed in the number of participants requiring benzodiazepines during their residential withdrawal stay with 44 participants (78.6%) in placebo arm requiring at least one dose of diazepam compared to 38 (66.7%) in vigabatrin arm (p =. 156). An 18.1% difference was observed between the proportion of participants who received a total dose of >100mg of diazepam during their residential withdrawal stay in placebo arm (32.1%), compared to vigabatrin arm (14.0%, p =. 022). There were higher rates of reported adverse events in placebo arm with nine (15.0%) participants reporting adverse events compared with two (3.3%) participants in vigabatrin arm (p =. 027). Conclusion: Vigabatrin significantly reduced the number of participants requiring >100mg diazepam over the course of their alcohol withdrawal and was associated with a reduction in adverse effects when compared to placebo. ER  - 
Assessment of Evaluate the Clinical Outcome of RTA-Related Head Injuries Treated at Hospital throughout a Period of 10 Months$$$ Aim: A clinical analysis of outcome in management of head injury in patients with highway road accidents. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted in the Department of Forensic Medicine and toxicology, Shree Narayan medical institute and Hospital, Saharsa, Bihar, India for ten months. The data was collected regarding demography, mode of injury, clinical presentation, and condition at admission, treatment given, hospital stay and outcome of these patients. All patients were clinically evaluated by a team comprising of doctors from surgical, medical and orthopedics specialties in the emergency department and subsequently admitted and treated at Neurosurgery. Plain CT scan head along with X-ray of cervical and for dorso-lumbar spine were carried out to rule out other injuries. Whenever necessary, CT scans of spine, USG abdomen (FAST). Results: According to the data collected 38 (41%) patients were under alcoholic influence, 87(97%) patients had history of LOC, 47 (50%) patients had ENT bleed and 7 (7.5%) had CSF leak at the time of admission. At the time of admission glasgow coma scale (GCS) score of less than 8 was seen in 31 (33%) cases. GCS between 9 to12 was seen in 47 (52%) cases and GCS between 12 to 14 was seen in 12 (15%) patients (Table 2). Plain CT scan of head revealed, 39 (42%) patients had EDH, 33 (35%) patients had SDH, 10 (11%) patients had cerebral contusion, 5 (6%) patients with SAH and 3 (3%) patients with DAI. Thirty three (33%) patients were managed conservatively using anti-epileptics, diuretics and osmotic agents. In patients with less than 8 GCS, ICP monitoring was done initially, 35 (39%) patients underwent craniotomy and evacuation, 2 (2%) patients underwent craniotomy and decompression and 23(26%) patients underwent burr hole and evacuation of clot. Associated injuries were seen in total 18 (20%) of patients. 5 (5%) patients had limb fractures, 7 (8%) patients had fascio-maxillary fractures and 6 (7%) patients had chest injuries. At the time of discharge, 70 (70%) patients had GCS of 13, 18 (17%) patients had GCS of 14 and 4 (3%) patients had GCS of 13. Conclusion: RTA is an unfortunate economic burden for our nation. Head injury due to RTA is a recognized major public health problem causing death and disability among the population. ER  - 
Clinical Application of Ultrasound-Guided Internal Branch of Superior Laryngeal Nerve Block in Patients with Severe COPD Undergoing Awake Fibreoptic Nasotracheal Intubation: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Purpose: The aim was to investigate the time for intubation, adverse events and the comfort score of ultrasound-guided internal branch of superior laryngeal nerve block in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD) undergoing awake fibreoptic nasotracheal intubation. Methods: Sixty patients with COPD who needed awake fibreoptic nasotracheal intubation were randomly and evenly divided into the ultrasound-guided internal branch of the superior laryngeal nerve block group (group S) and the control group (group C). All patients received procedural sedation with dexmedetomidine and adequate topical anaesthesia of the upper respiratory tract. Then, bilateral block was performed (with 2 mL of 2% lidocaine or the same volume of saline) followed by fibreoptic nasotracheal intubation. The primary outcomes were time for intubation, adverse reactions and comfort score. The secondary outcomes were haemodynamic changes and serum norepinephrine (NE) and adrenaline (AD) concentrations immediately before intubation (T0); immediately after intubation to the laryngopharynx (T1); and immediately (T2), 5 min (T3) and 10 min (T4) after intubation between the groups. Results: Compared with group C, the time for intubation, the incidence of adverse reactions and the comfort score in group S were significantly lower (P<0.01). Compared with T0, the mean arterial pressure (MAP), heart rate (HR), NE and AD were significantly higher at T1-T4 in group C (P<0.05), but were not obviously higher at T1-T4 in group S (P>0.05). MAP, HR, NE and AD at T1–T4 were significantly lower in group S than in group C (P<0.05). Conclusion: Ultrasound-guided internal branch of the superior laryngeal nerve block can effectively shorten the time for intubation, reduce the incidence of adverse reactions, improve comfort score, maintain considerable haemodynamic stability and inhibit stress response in patients with severe COPD undergoing awake fibreoptic nasotracheal intubation. ER  - 
Executive functions of children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with or without benign rolandic epilepsy$$$ Introduction: The relationship between ADHD and epilepsy, although very frequent, is not clear. Clinical studies in neuropsychology and neurology (neuropsychiatry) can provide valuable information for assessment, intervention and treatment. Method: A non-experimental design, quantitative approach, descriptive level and cross-sectional study was carried out with the aim of comparing the executive functioning of a group of children with ADHD and a group of children with ADHD and CPSDD. A convenience sample of 40 matched children (all males) grouped in two groups of 20 children between 7 and 13 years of age was formed. In order to evaluate executive functioning, some tests of the Neuropsychological Battery of Executive Functions and Frontal Lobes - BANFE were applied. Results: According to the bilateral asymptotic significance values, statistically significant differences were found in the variables Stroop A - Hits, Stroop B - Hits, Self-directed Signaling (Hits, Planning and Time), and Visuospatial Working Memory (Maximum Level, Perseverations and Order Errors). Conclusions: The results of the present study coincide with the failures in inhibitory control and sustained attention problems reported in the literature. Children with EBPCT and ADHD have a different and more impaired executive functioning profile than children with ADHD alone. ER  - 
Clinical spectrum of contactin-associated protein 2 autoimmune encephalitis in children$$$ Objective: Anti-contactin-associated protein 2 (CASPR2)-related autoimmune encephalitis (AE) is more common in adults than in children. Clinical understanding of anti-CASPR2-antibody (Ab)-related AE, diagnosis and treatment standards are lacking in children. Therefore, this retrospective study on clinical symptoms and treatment outcomes in children with anti-CASPR2-Ab-related AE was conducted, to improve the clinical understanding of the disease, its diagnosis and treatment. Methods: This study retrospectively assessed children with anti-CASPR2-Ab-related AE from January 1, 2020, to June 30, 2022, in the Department of Neurology at Hunan Children’s Hospital. Data regarding demographics, clinical symptoms, laboratory examinations, electroencephalography (EEG), imaging, and curative were collected. Results: Thirteen patients were positive for serum anti-CASPR2-Ab (age at manifestation, 25 months to 13 years old; median, 8.1 years old; male-to-female ratio, 8/5). One patient (P1) had dual Abs, including anti-CASPR2 and anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor Abs; his symptoms were more severe than those of children with anti-CASPR2 Abs alone. The clinical symptoms of the 13 patients with anti-CASPR2 Ab were movement disorders (9/13), consciousness disorders (9/13), abnormal demeanor (8/13), seizures (7/13), language disorders (6/13), fever (6/13), pain (4/13), involuntary exercise (4/13), poor diet (4/13), vomiting (3/13), sleep disorders (3/13), mood disorders (3/13), eczema/itching/redness (2/13), sweating (P8), urinary disorders (P13), and cognitive disorders (P9). No tumors were found in any patient. Additionally, EEG results of six patients were abnormal and imaging findings such as abnormal signals were found in 10 patients. Moreover, all except one patient recovered well after treatment; P1 with overlapping syndrome underwent recovery for more than 2 years. None of the patients who recovered have had a relapse. Discussion and conclusion: Anti-CASPR2-Ab-related AE has several clinical manifestations. Anti-CASPR2-Ab levels were higher in male patients than in female patients. Moreover, related tumors are relatively rare. Most patients benefit from immunotherapy and have a lower chance of recurrence in the short term. Furthermore, different from patients who had anti-CASPR2-Ab AE alone, those with overlapping syndrome had a severe and complex condition requiring lengthy treatment and rehabilitation. Additional studies are needed to evaluate the long-term prognosis of these patients. ER  - 
Electronic Health Record-Nested Reminders for Serum Lithium Level Monitoring in Patients With Mood Disorder: Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Clinical guidelines recommend regular serum lithium monitoring every 3 to 6 months. However, in the real world, only a minority of patients receive adequate monitoring. Objective: This study aims to examine whether the use of the electronic health record (EHR)-nested reminder system for serum lithium monitoring can help achieve serum lithium concentrations within the therapeutic range for patients on lithium maintenance therapy. Methods: We conducted an unblinded, single-center, EHR-nested, parallel-group, superiority randomized controlled trial comparing EHR-nested reminders with usual care in adult patients receiving lithium maintenance therapy for mood disorders. The primary outcome was the achievement of therapeutically appropriate serum lithium levels between 0.4 and 1.0 mEq/L at 18 months after enrollment. The key secondary outcomes are included as follows: the number of serum lithium level monitoring except for the first and final monitoring; exacerbation of the mood disorder during the study period, defined by hospitalization, increase in lithium dose, addition of antipsychotic drugs or mood stabilizers, or addition or increase of antidepressants; adherence defined by the proportion of days covered by lithium carbonate prescription during the study period. Results: A total of 111 patients were enrolled in this study. A total of 56 patients were assigned to the reminder group, and 55 patients were assigned to the usual care group. At the follow-up, 38 (69.1%) patients in the reminder group and 33 (60.0%) patients in the usual care group achieved the primary outcome (odds ratio 2.14, 95% CI 0.82-5.58, P=.12). The median number of serum lithium monitoring was 2 in the reminder group and 0 in the usual care group (rate ratio 3.62; 95% CI 2.47-5.29, P<.001). The exacerbation of mood disorders occurred in 17 (31.5%) patients in the reminder group and in 16 (34.8%) patients in the usual care group (odds ratio 0.97, 95% CI 0.42-2.28, P=.95). Conclusions: We found insufficient evidence for an EHR-nested reminder to increase the achievement of therapeutic serum lithium concentrations. However, the number of monitoring increased with relatively simple and inexpensive intervention. The EHR-based reminders may be useful to improve quality of care for patients on lithium maintenance therapy, and they have potentials to be applied to other problems. ER  - 
Ictal Electroencephalogram Visual Pattern Recognition of Seizure Adequacy During Electroconvulsive Therapy Treatment: A Step-by-Step Approach$$$ Background: The NEURON (Neuropsychiatry and Neuromodulation Unit) electroconvulsive therapy electroencephalogram (ECT-EEG) Algorithmic Rating Scale (NEARS) is a step-by-step approach to ictal electroencephalogram visual pattern recognition of seizure adequacy based on recruitment, amplitude, symmetry, duration and degree of post-ictal suppression. The objectives of this clinical audit were to determine the degree of agreement on the NEARS operational criteria between two neuropsychiatrists, the reliability of electroconvulsive therapy practitioners’ administration of NEARS during ECT procedures and the correlation of NEARS scores with Clinical Global Impression scale scores after each ECT treatment session. Methods: Systematic random sampling was conducted. Even numbers of ictal tracings were selected for analysis from the total samples collected over 8 consecutive days of ECT overseen by a total of eight different ECT practitioners. Cohen’s kappa coefficient was used to measure the inter-rater reliability of the two neuropsychiatrists and determine the level of agreement between NEARS scores and those of the ECT practitioners. The correlation using NEARS scores and post-ECT Clinical Global Impression scores was measured with Spearman’s test. The significance level was set at P < 0.05. Results: Cohen’s kappa showed perfect agreement between the two neuropsychiatrists, at κ = 1.00 (SE = 0.001; P < 0.001), and strong agreement between NEARS scores of overall seizure adequacy and the scores interpreted by the ECT practitioners, at κ = 0.83 (95% CI: 0.66, 0.99; P < 0.001). Spearman’s test showed a weak negative association between NEARS scores and post-ECT Clinical Global Impression scores (r = −0.018; P = 0.900). Conclusion: NEARS may facilitate a brief, objectively reliable and practical assessment of ictal electroencephalogram quality. The scale is readily applicable by any trained ECT practitioner during an ongoing ECT procedure, especially when a prompt treatment decision is required. ER  - 
Preclinical and clinical evaluation of Buparlisib (BKM120) in recurrent/refractory Central Nervous System Lymphoma$$$ Central Nervous System (CNS) Lymphomas are aggressive brain tumors with limited treatment options. Targeting the phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) pathway yields promising responses across B-cell malignancies, but its therapeutic potential in CNS lymphomas remains unexplored. We present pre-clinical and clinical data on the pan-PI3K inhibitor Buparlisib in CNS lymphomas. In a primary CNS lymphoma-patient-derived cell line, we define the EC50. Four patients with recurrent CNS lymphoma were enrolled in a prospective trial. We evaluated Buparlisib plasma and cerebrospinal fluid pharmacokinetics, clinical outcomes, and adverse events. Treatment was well tolerated. Common toxicities include hyperglycemia, thrombocytopenia, and lymphopenia. The presence of Buparlisib in plasma and CSF was confirmed 2h post-treatment with a median CSF concentration below the EC50 defined in the cell line All four patients were evaluated for response and the median time to progression was 39 days. Buparlisib monotherapy did not lead to meaningful responses and the trial was prematurely stopped.Clinical Trial Registration: NCT02301364. ER  - 
Baseline demographics of a contemporary Belgian atrial fibrillation cohort included in a large randomised clinical trial on targeted education and integrated care (AF-EduCare/AF-EduApp study)$$$ Background: As the prevalence of atrial fibrillation (AF) increases worldwide and AF management becomes ever more diversified and personalised, insights into (regional) AF patient demographics and contemporary AF management are needed. This paper reports the current AF management and baseline demographics of a Belgian AF population recruited for a large multicenter integrated AF study (AF-EduCare/AF-EduApp study). Methods: We analyzed data from 1,979 AF patients, assessed between 2018 and 2021 for the AF-EduCare/AF-EduApp study. The trial randomised consecutive patients with AF (irrespective of AF history duration) into three educational intervention groups (in person-, online-, and application-based), compared with standard care. Baseline demographics of both the included and excluded/refused patients are reported. Results: The mean age of the trial population was 71.2 ± 9.1 years, with a mean CHA2DS2-VASc score of 3.4 ± 1.8. Of all screened patients, 42.4% were asymptomatic at presentation. Being overweight was the most common comorbidty, present in 68.9%, while 65.0% were diagnosed with hypertension. Anticoagulation therapy was prescribed in 90.9% of the total population and in 94.0% of the patients with an indication for thromboembolic prophylaxis. Of the 1,979 assessed AF patients, 1,232 (62.3%) were enrolled in the AF-EduCare/AF-EduApp study, with transportation problems (33.4%) as the main reason for refusal/non-inclusion. About half of the included patients were recruited at the cardiology ward (53.8%). AF was first diagnosed, paroxysmal, persistent and permanent in 13.9%, 47.4%, 22.8% and 11.3%, respectively. Patients who refused or were excluded were older (73.3 ± 9.2 vs. 69.8 ± 8.9 years, p < 0.001) and had more comorbidities (CHA2DS2-VASc 3.8 ± 1.8 vs. 3.1 ± 1.7, p < 0.001). The four AF-EduCare/AF-EduApp study groups were comparable across the vast majority of parameters. Conclusions: The population showed high use of anticoagulation therapy, in line with current guidelines. In contrast to other AF trials about integrated care, the AF-EduCare/AF-EduApp study managed to incorporate all types of AF patients, both out-patient and hospitalised, with very comparable patient demographics across all subgroups. The trial will analyze whether different approaches to patient education and integrated AF care have an impact on clinical outcomes. Clinical Trial Registration: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03707873?term=af-educare&draw=2&rank=1, identifier: NCT03707873; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03788044?term=af-eduapp&draw=2&rank=1, identifier: NCT03788044. ER  - 
Diagnostic accuracy of telestroke consultation: a Louisiana based tele-network experience$$$ Background and purpose: Telestroke has grown significantly since its implementation. Despite growing utilization, there is a paucity of data regarding the diagnostic accuracy of telestroke to distinguish between stroke and its mimics. We aimed to evaluate diagnostic accuracy of telestroke consultations and explore the characteristics of misdiagnosed patients with a focus on stroke mimics. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study of all the consultations in our Ochsner Health’s TeleStroke program seen between April 2015 and April 2016. Consultations were classified into one of three diagnostic categories: stroke/transient ischemic attack, mimic, and uncertain. Initial telestroke diagnosis was compared with the final diagnosis post review of all emergency department and hospital data. Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV), positive likelihood ratio (LR+) and negative likelihood ratio (LR−) for diagnosis of stroke/TIA versus mimic were calculated. Area under receiver-operating characteristic curve (AUC) analysis to predict true stroke was performed. Bivariate analysis based on the diagnostic categories examined association with sex, age, NIHSS, stroke risk factors, tPA given, bleeding after tPA, symptom onset to last known normal, symptom onset to consult, timing in the day, and consult duration. Logistic regression was performed as indicated by bivariate analysis. Results: Eight hundred and seventy-four telestroke evaluations were included in our analysis. Accurate diagnosis through teleneurological consultation was seen in 85% of which 532 were strokes (true positives) and 170 were mimics (true negatives). Sensitivity, specificity, PPV, NPV were 97.8, 82.5, 93.7 and 93.4%, respectively. LR+ and LR− were 5.6 and 0.03. AUC (95% CI) was 0.9016 (0.8749–0.9283). Stroke mimics were more common with younger age and female gender and in those with less vascular risk factors. LR revealed OR (95% CI) of misdiagnosis for female gender of 1.9 (1.3–2.9). Lower age and lower NIHSS score were other predictors of misdiagnosis. Conclusion: We report high diagnostic accuracy of the Ochsner Telestroke Program in discriminating stroke/TIA and stroke mimics, with slight tendency towards over diagnosis of stroke. Female gender, younger age and lower NIHSS score were associated with misdiagnosis. ER  - 
Profile of neurological disorders in a tertiary center of education in orthopedics$$$ Background Neurological conditions can cause secondary orthopedic disorders and can result from orthopedic surgical procedures. In addition, misdiagnosis and overtreatment involve both specialties. Epidemiological studies of neurological patients in tertiary units are often performed in emergency departments of general hospitals or rehabilitation centers. Objective Describe the clinical and epidemiologic profile of neurological disorders in a Brazilian federal tertiary center and education hospital in orthopedics in Rio de Janeiro. Methods We performed a retrospective study of the medical records of patients attended by neurology specialists of the internal medicine’s department of the National Institute of Traumatology and Orthopedics from February 2014 to March 2020. Results We reviewed neurological referrals in the medical records of 1,349 patients in the period. The mean age of patients was 49.67 years (standard deviation [SD] ± 18.99). There was a predominance of females, corresponding to 751 (55.7%) patients. Regarding ethnicity, 684 (50.7%) participants were white, 550 (40.8%) non-white, and 115 (8.5%) non-classified. Peripheral neuropathies (34.1%), osteoarticular diseases (10%), epilepsy (8.3%), developmental disorders (7.9%), and neuromuscular diseases (7.3%) were the 5 groups with the largest numbers of cases. Conclusion The sample consisted mostly of females and white individuals, and approximately one third of the cases were of peripheral neuropathies. Epidemiological studies in neurology from tertiary centers of another medical specialty can improve the professional development of both specialties. This interdisciplinary approach can also optimize resources, help avoid misdiagnosis, and reduce disability. ER  - 
Drug-induced Sudden Death: A Scoping Review$$$ Background: The risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD) can be increased with the use of drugs. However, it has been described heterogeneously in the literature. Objective: This study aims to systematically review epidemiological studies dealing with drug-induced sudden death, describe their methodologies, and summarize the results found. Methods: A scoping review has been carried out using Medline electronic database. The search was limited up to 2020. Epidemiological studies were included, and case reports or case series were excluded. Results: Out of 3,114 potential articles, 74 were included. Most studies originated from North America (40.5%) or Europe (39.2%). Case-control (47.3%) or cohort (40.5%) studies were the most common designs. The data for outcomes and exposure were retrieved mainly from administrative databases (37.8%) or medical charts/hospital discharge reports (32.4%), but most studies used several sources of information. A composite variable of sudden death or SCD, mainly with ventricular arrhythmia, was the most frequently used endpoint. Only 18.9% of the studies included autopsy results to confirm the death. Psychotropic drugs were the most frequently studied. An increased risk of different outcomes for typical antipsychotics, tricyclic antidepressants, domperidone, and antiepileptics is suggested. Conclusion: The methodologies used were highly heterogeneous, and the results were, in general, not conclusive. An improvement of the methodologies is needed to achieve a conclusion regarding the risk of SCD associated with drug use. ER  - 
Effects of group therapy on jumping to conclusion bias in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder: An exploratory study$$$ Background and Purpose: Jumping to conclusion (JTC)—a cognitive bias in thinking processes—leads to drawing conclusions based on little information, and could be related to psychosis and paranoia. While it has recently been pointed out that it could accompany the autism spectrum disorder (ASD), no interventions targeting this bias in adolescents with ASD have been reported. Therefore, this exploratory study investigated the effects of a group social cognition program on JTC bias in adolescents with ASD. Patients and Methods: Group rehabilitation using social cognition and interaction training (SCIT) was conducted for 12-to 18-year-old adolescents with ASD. An SCIT program comprehensively targets social cognitive functions, including interventions for JTC bias, and examines changes before and after the SCIT intervention, social cognitive functioning tasks, and subjective quality of life (QOL). Results: Thirteen adolescents with ASD participated in this program; 10 (76.9%) stayed through it. The proportion of participants with JTC bias decreased significantly before and after SCIT (before: 7 / 10; after: 1 / 10; p = 0.041), and subjective QOL increased significantly (p = 0.014). Conclusion: The results show that a group social cognition program with a JTC bias approach improves the JTC bias and increases subjective QOL in adolescents with ASD. J. Med. Invest. 70: 115-122, February, 2023. ER  - 
Study of Hospitalized Cases of Fractured Neck Femur for Risk Factors that May Affect Recovery$$$ Hip fracture is a major public health problem with significant consequences. Recent worldwide estimates are in the order of 1.7 million hip fractures annually and are expected to reach 6 million by the middle of this century. More than one-third of elderly fall annually, with an estimated 1% of those who fall sustain a hip fracture. Because of high levels of frailty, multimorbidity, polypharmacy, and coexisting cognitive impairment, people with hip fractures are at particularly high risk of developing delirium. Therefore, present study has been conducted to study hospitalized cases of fractured neck femur to look for risk factors that may affect recovery of the patient. Materials and Methods: A cross sectional Observational study was done on 100 Geriatric patients hospitalised with fractured neck femur admitted in the orthopedics ward who fulfilled the eligibility criteria from Dec. 2019 to Dec.2021 have been included in the study, with the approval of the institutional ethic committee and informed written consent. They were seen daily. A detailed history was taken, comorbidities recorded, and patients examined thoroughly, including the use of the following assessment tools: • Mini Mental Status Examination • Geriatric Depression Scale-4 • Barthel’s Index • J.H. Fall Risk Assessment Tool • Delirium Observation Screening Scale (DOSS) • Confusion Assessment Method-4 (CAM-4) Parameters for Delirium and Barthel Index were studied at the time of the end of hospitalization. Three or more points on the DOSS were considered highly indicative of delirium. The diagnosis was confirmed based on the CAM-4 criteria. Results & Conclusion: Age, history of comorbidities, time of surgery after fall, hyponatremia, and polypharmacy were statistically significant risk factors associated with the post operative delirium that may affect the recovery of fracture neck femur in geriatric patients. Patients of age ≥ 75 years were 25.06 times at risk for delirium as compared to those of the age group 60-75 years. Patients who were operated on≥ 7 days after the fall were 13.35 times at higher risk of developing delirium as compared to those operated on within 7 days. Patients having hyponatremia were 57.84 times at risk as compared to their counterparts. The association between delirium and mortality is statistically significant. The greatest service a geriatrician can do for his patients is to counsel them for preventing falls. ER  - 
Clinical features and pattern of Antiphospholipid antibodies in patients of antiphospholipid syndrome with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus$$$ Objective: To evaluate Antiphospholipid antibodies (APLAs) in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) patients with obstetric and thrombotic complications, and ascertain the association of APLAs with different clinical features of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) in SLE patients. Methodology: This cross-sectional study was conducted from July 2019 to Jan 2021 at the Section of Chemical Pathology & Department of Rheumatology, Fatima Memorial Hospital Lahore. Diagnosed cases of SLE presenting with thrombosis & pregnancy complication were included. Age, gender and clinical symptoms were recorded. Blood sample were taken for Lupus anticoagulant, Anti-beta-2-glycoprotein 1(anti-b2GPI), anticardiolipin (aCL) and were analyzed on Alegria based on ELISA. Results: A total of 60 patients were included in the study with mean age of 31.3 ± 5.3 years. There were 56 (93.3%) female and 4 (6.7%) males. Non- thrombotic lupus manifestations were cutaneous features in 40 (66.7%), oral ulcers in 33 (58.3%), arthritis and nephritis each in 23 (38.3%), neuropsychiatric manifestation in 7 (11.6%), and serositis in 4 (6.7%) patients. Out of 60 patients, 18 (30%) were positive with single APLA, 28 (46.7%) positive with double-antibodies and 14 (23.3%) positive with triple positive APLAs. Person who had five thrombotic events was triple ELISA positive as compared to person who had one or two thrombotic events were double ELISA positive. Conclusion: Antiphospholipid antibodies, especially IgG anti-β2GPI antibodies, contribute to pregnancy complications and thrombotic events. Triple antibody positivity is directly associated with recurrent thrombotic events. ER  - 
SocioDemographic and Clinical Profile of Patients with Conversion Disorder: A CrossSectional Study from East Nimar Region of Central India$$$ Conversion disorder is defined as a psychiatric illness whose symptoms or deficits, affecting voluntary motor or sensory function, cannot be explained by a neurological or general medical condition. It usually occurs as response to any stressful situation. We aimed to study sociodemographic and clinical profile and stressors among patients with conversion disorder. This descriptive, cross sectional hospital based study was conducted in the department of Psychiatry, a tertiary care centre of east Nimar region, of central India over a period of one year from January 2022 to December 2022. 291 patients of conversion disorder, from psychiatry OPD and IPD were enrolled for study. A total of 291 patients of conversion disorder were studied. Majority of the participants 43.64% were of 1830 age groups. Female(62.88%) predominated, majority were from rural area 60.82%, low socioeconomic class (38.48%), nuclear family 68.38%. 56.70% were married and nearly half 53.95% were unemployed. The most common presenting symptom was hyperventilation or shortness of breath 25.08% followed by fainting attacks or giddiness 21.99% and pseudo seizure 19.9%. Most common stressors were school/ education related matters 27.14% followed by marital issues 24.74%. Conversion disorder is common among young, married, female, from rural background and low socioeconomic status with less education. Among them family history of psychiatry disorder, medical illness and psychiatry comorbidities are also very common. Common presentation of illness as physical or neurological symptoms and frequent, multiple consultations suggest possible lack of insight, chronicity and also lack of awareness about the illness resulting in stigma among general public as well as medical personnel. Less understanding of conversion symptoms can lead to multiple consultations, unnecessary investigations and referrals putting a strain on family, finance and also on our limited health resources. ER  - 
High frequency of cerebrospinal fluid autoantibodies in patients with seizures or epilepsies of unknown etiology$$$ Introduction: The increasing identification of specific autoantibodies against brain structures allows further refinement of the group of autoimmune-associated epilepsies and affects diagnostic and therapeutic algorithms. The early etiological allocation of a first seizure is particularly challenging, and the contribution of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis is not fully understood. Methods: In this retrospective study with a mean of 7.8 years follow-up involving 39 well-characterized patients with the initial diagnosis of new-onset seizure or epilepsy of unknown etiology and 24 controls, we determined the frequency of autoantibodies to brain proteins in CSF/serum pairs using cell-based assays and unbiased immunofluorescence staining of unfixed murine brain sections. Results: Autoantibodies were detected in the CSF of 30.8% of patients. Underlying antigens involved glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors, but also a range of yet undetermined epitopes on neurons, glial and vascular cells. While antibody-positive patients had higher frequencies of cancer, they did not differ from antibody-negative patients with respect to seizure type, electroencephalography (EEG) and cranial magnetic resonance imaging (cMRI) findings, neuropsychiatric comorbidities or pre-existing autoimmune diseases. In 5.1% of patients with seizures or epilepsy of initially presumed unknown etiology, mostly CSF findings resulted in etiological reallocation as autoimmune-associated epilepy. Discussion: These findings strengthen the potential role for routine CSF analysis. Further studies are needed to understand the autoantibody contribution to etiologically unclear epilepsies, including determining the antigenic targets of underlying autoantibodies. ER  - 
Cybervictimization of Adults With Long-term Conditions: Cross-sectional Study$$$ Background: People living with chronic conditions and disabilities experience harassment both offline and on the web. Cybervictimization is an umbrella term for negative web-based experiences. It has distressing consequences on physical health, mental well-being, and social relationships. These experiences have mostly been documented among children and adolescents. However, the scope of such experiences is not well documented among adults with long-term conditions, and the potential impact has not been examined from a public health perspective. Objective: This study aimed to examine the scope of cybervictimization among adults living with long-term conditions in the United Kingdom and the perceived impact on self-management of chronic conditions. Methods: This paper reports the findings of the quantitative phase of a mixed methods study in the United Kingdom. This cross-sectional study targeted adults aged ≥18 years with long-term conditions. Using a web-based link, the survey was shared on the web via 55 victim support groups, health support organizations, and social media accounts of nongovernmental organizations and activists such as journalists and disability campaigners. People with long-term conditions were asked about their health conditions, comorbidities, self-management, negative web-based experiences, their impact on them, and support sought to mitigate the experiences. The perceived impact of cybervictimization was measured using a set of questions on a Likert scale, frequency tables, and the Stanford Self-Efficacy for Managing Chronic Diseases Scale. Demographic data and the impact on self-management were cross-tabulated to identify the demographic characteristics of the targeted individuals and potential conditions with complications and highlight directions for future research. Results: Data from 152 participants showed that almost 1 in every 2 adults with chronic conditions was cybervictimized (69/152, 45.4%). Most victims (53/69, 77%) had disabilities; the relationship between cybervictimization and disability was statistically significant (P=.03). The most common means of contacting the victims was Facebook (43/68, 63%), followed by personal email or SMS text messaging, each accounting for 40% (27/68). Some participants (9/68, 13%) were victimized in web-based health forums. Furthermore, 61% (33/54) of victims reported that experiencing cybervictimization had affected their health condition self-management plan. The highest impact was on lifestyle changes such as exercise, diet, avoiding triggers, and avoiding excessive smoking and alcohol consumption. This was followed by changes to medications and follow-ups with health care professionals. Most victims (38/55, 69%) perceived a worsened self-efficacy on the Self-Efficacy for Managing Chronic Diseases Scale. Formal support was generally rated as poor, with only 25% (13/53) of victims having disclosed this experience to their physicians. Conclusions: Cybervictimization of people with chronic conditions is a public health issue with worrying consequences. This triggered considerable fear and negatively influenced the self-management of different health conditions. Further context- and condition-specific research is needed. Global collaborations to address inconsistencies in research are recommended. ER  - 
Sleep problems in adolescents with epilepsy and their caregivers: associations with behavioural difficulties$$$ Background. The aim of this study was to investigate the frequency of sleep problems in adolescents with epilepsy and their caregivers. We also examined the behavioural difficulties in adolescents with epilepsy and compared these behaviors with healthy controls. Methods. This observational case-control study included 37 adolescents with epilepsy and their caregivers, and 43 healthy age-matched adolescents and their caregivers. The Children’s Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ), DSM-5 Level 2 Sleep Disorders Scale for Children, and Strengths & Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ) were used to evaluate sleep habits, sleep problems, and behavioural difficulties in adolescents. The DSM-5 sleep disorder scale for adults was used to evaluate the caregivers’ sleep problems. Results. Adolescents with epilepsy had higher sleep problem scores such as daytime sleepiness and overall sleep problems compared with healthy controls. The psychopathological symptoms such as conduct problems, hyperactivity/inattention, and total behavior were also more frequent in adolescents with epilepsy. There was a nonsignificant increase in DSM-5 sleep disturbance score in caregivers of adolescents with epilepsy. Sleep onset delay had a significant negative correlation with total behavioral difficulties (r =-0.44, p<0.01), and emotional problems (r =-0.47, p < 0.05) in adolescents with epilepsy. Sleep duration was negatively correlated with conduct problems (r =-0.33, p<0.05), but positively correlated with prosocial score (r = 0.46, p < 0.01) in adolescents with epilepsy. Night waking was positively correlated with total behavioral difficulties (r = 0.35, p<0.05) and hyperactivity score (r = 0.38, p<0.05) in adolescents with epilepsy. Conclusions. Adolescents with epilepsy have more frequent sleep disturbances and maladaptive behaviors such as hyperactivity/inattention, and conduct problems compared with healthy controls, and their caregivers are more vulnerable to sleep problems. Moreover, we also demonstrated a strong association between sleep disturbances and behavioral problems in adolescents with epilepsy. ER  - 
Separation anxiety and depression in caregivers of epileptic patients$$$ OBJECTIVE: Epilepsy is a common neurological disorder affecting both the patients and the caregivers psychologically. Caregivers of these patients might have to face several challenges throughout the course of the disease. This study examines the correlations between the separation anxiety and depression of caregivers of adult and child epileptic patients according to their relation to the patients (parent vs. partner). PATIENTS AND METHODS: 50 participants (caregivers of epileptic patients) were included. A sociodemographic form, Beck Depression (BDI) and Anxiety (BAI) Scales, and Adult Separation Anxiety (ASA) Scale were applied to the participants. RESULTS: 54% of the patients in the study had generalized seizures, whereas 46% had focal seizures. Our study has found the BAI of woman caregivers was higher compared to male caregivers. BAI and ASA were significantly higher for caregivers of patients with an illness duration lower than 5 years who were on multiple medications than for caregivers of patients who had an illness duration of more than 5 years who were on single medication (p<0.05). BDI, BAI and ASA scores were significantly higher in the generalized epilepsy group than in the focal epilepsy group (p<0.05). The ASA score was significantly higher in females than in males (p<0.05). The ASA score was significantly higher in the group with a low educational level than in the group with a high educational level (p<0.05) CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this study inform healthcare professionals regarding the needs of caregivers of epilepsy patients, especially around emotional problems. Results of this study demonstrate significant association between epilepsy seizure type, and separation anxiety and depression. Our study is the first study focused on the separation anxiety of the caregivers of epileptic patients. Separation anxiety has a negative impact on the personal independence of the caregiver. ER  - 
Psychophysiological stress response after a 6-week Mindful Self-Compassion training in psychiatric rehabilitation inpatients: a randomized post-test only study$$$ Objectives: Mindfulness-based interventions (including self-compassion interventions) are effective in improving stress management at psychological and physical levels. Mindful Self-Compassion (MSC) is a newly developed program particularly aimed at increasing self-compassion. The main objective of this study was to determine whether the psychophysiological stress response during a social-evaluative speaking task differs in inpatients participating in the MSC or the Progressive Muscle Relaxation (PMR) program at the end of their 6-week psychiatric rehabilitation stay (i.e., post-test only design). Method: Data from 50 inpatients (25 MSC, 25 PMR, 35 female) aged 19 to 76 years (M = 47.22, SD = 12.44) were analyzed in terms of psychophysiological stress response. For this purpose, heart rate variability, heart rate, and blood pressure were assessed together with several psychometric variables: positive and negative affect (PANAS), subjective stress perception (Visual Analog Scale), self-compassion (Self-Compassion Scale), cognitive reappraisal and suppression (Emotion Regulation Questionnaire), psychological distress (Brief Symptom Inventory-18), and appraisal and rumination (selected items). Results: After correction for alpha inflation no differences in the psychophysiological stress response and psychometric parameters between the MSC and PMR group were found. Discussion: In general, our results indicate that MSC is not superior to PMR training. However, more research with clinical randomized controlled trials investigating larger samples are needed to further affirm these initial findings. ER  - 
The genotype–phenotype correlations of the CACNA1A-related neurodevelopmental disorders: a small case series and literature reviews$$$ Background: Genotype–phenotype correlations of the CACNA1A-related neurodevelopmental disorders such as global developmental delay (GDD)/intellectual disability (ID), epileptic encephalopathy (EE), and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) are unknown. We aimed to summarize genotype–phenotype correlations and potential treatment for CACNA1A-related neurodevelopmental disorders. Methods: Six children diagnosed with CACNA1A-related neurodevelopmental disorders at Xiangya Hospital, Central South University from April 2018 to July 2021 were enrolled. The PubMed database was systematically searched for all reported patients with CACNA1A-related neurodevelopmental disorders until February 2023. Thereafter, we divided patients into several groups for comparison. Results: Six patients were recruited from our hospital. Three cases presented with epilepsy, five with GDD/ID, five with ataxia, and two with ASD. The variants included p.G701R, p.R279C, p.D1644N, p.Y62C, p.L1422Sfs*8, and p. R1664Q [two gain-of-function (GOF) and four loss-of-function (LOF) variants]. About 187 individuals with GDD/ID harboring 123 variants were found (case series plus data from literature). Of those 123 variants, p.A713T and p.R1664* were recurrent, 37 were LOF, and 7 were GOF. GOF variants were linked with severe-profound GDD/ID while LOF variants were associated with mild–moderate GDD/ID (p = 0.001). The p.A713T variant correlated with severe-profound GDD/ID (p = 0.003). A total of 130 epileptic patients harboring 83 variants were identified. The epileptic manifestations included status epilepticus (n = 64), provoked seizures (n = 49), focal seizures (n = 37), EE (n = 29), absence seizures (n = 26), and myoclonic seizures (n = 10). About 49 (42.20%) patients had controlled seizures while 67 (57.80%) individuals remained with refractory seizures. Status epilepticus correlated with variants located on S4, S5, and S6 (p = 0.000). Among the 83 epilepsy-related variants, 23 were recurrent, 32 were LOF, and 11 were GOF. Status epilepticus was linked with GOF variants (p = 0.000). LOF variants were associated with absence seizures (p = 0.000). Six patients died at an early age (3 months to ≤5 years). We found 18 children with ASD. Thirteen variants including recurrent ones were identified in those 18 cases. GOF changes were more linked to ASD. Conclusion: The p.A713T variant is linked with severe-profound GDD/ID. More than half of CACNA1A-related epilepsy is refractory. The most common epileptic manifestation is status epilepticus, which correlates with variants located on S4, S5, and S6. ER  - 
Clozapine for treatment refractory catatonia in individuals with autism spectrum disorder: a retrospective chart review study$$$ Background: Catatonia is increasingly recognized in individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Empirical data on treating catatonia in this population are limited. The purpose of this study is to provide naturalistic data on the use of clozapine for the treatment of catatonia in patients with ASD. Research design and methods: Medical records of 12 individuals with ASD and catatonia who received treatment with clozapine were reviewed. Treatment response to clozapine was rated by assigning a retrospective Clinical Global Impression Improvement scale (CGI-I) score. Results: Mean (SD) and median (IQR) age at initiation of clozapine treatment were 22.1 (7.7) and 20.4 (9.7) years, with a range of 10–39 years. Eleven of the 12 patients had received treatment with lorazepam prior to initiating clozapine and 9 of the 12 patients received concomitant treatment with lorazepam and clozapine. Eleven of the 12 patients (92%; 95% CI: 65%, 99%) responded to clozapine. All 12 patients remained on clozapine at the time of their most recent clinical note. All 12 patients (100%; 95% CI: 76%, 100%) experienced one or more adverse events, the most common of which was sedation (n = 11, 92%). Conclusions: Overall, clozapine was associated with a high response rate for the treatment of catatonia in patients with ASD. These naturalistic data support the use of clozapine for the treatment of catatonia in patients with ASD for whom lorazepam is either ineffective or partially effective. ER  - 
Factors associated with stress-related symptoms among people with epilepsy in Ethiopia, a cross-sectional study$$$ Introduction: Stress is a common psychological problem present in people with epilepsy and has a serious impact on the health-related satisfaction of people with epilepsy and their cohabiters. This study aimed to assess the magnitude and related factors of stress. Methods: A hospital-based cross-sectional study was carried out among 301 systematically chosen people with epilepsy. The seven stress-related items of the Depression, Anxiety, and Stress -21 questionnaire was used to measure stress. Data were entered using Epi Info and analyzed by SPSS version 25. Predictors with a p-value < 0.20 in the bivariate logistic regression were transferred into the multivariate model. A p-value of less than 0.05 was viewed as statistically significant. Result: The prevalence of stress symptoms in this study was 23.9%. Daily labor occupational status with Adjusted Odds ratio [(AOR) = 0.042, 95% CI: 0.004, 0.469], onset of illness at the age of 18 years and above (AOR = 0.188, 95% CI: 0.046, 0.771), perceived stigma (AOR = 3.320, 95% CI: 1.345, 8.200), the presence of anxiety symptoms (AOR = 8.275, 95% CI: 3.345, 20.471), and belief that the condition is untreatable (AOR = 6.360, 95% CI: 1.647, 24.562) were significantly associated factors. Conclusion: The occurrence of stress was high, and it reinforced that there is a requisite for the identification and handling of stress-related symptoms among people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Effect of Dexmedetomidine on Haemodynamic Response and Agitation Score in Modified Electro Convulsive Therapy (ECT): A Prospective Double‐Blind, Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a beneficial treatment for individuals with psychological disorders who may reject medication. This study aimed to investigate the effects of dexmedetomidine compared to a placebo as pre‐treatment options on the hemodynamic parameters and emergence of patients undergoing ETC. A prospective, randomized and double‐blinded trial was conducted, involving a total of 60 participants who were equally divided into two groups. Group N received a 10 min intravenous infusion of 100 mL of normal saline. Group D received a 10 min intravenous infusion of dexmedetomidine at a dose of 1 µg kgG1, diluted to a total volume of 100 mL. Various parameters, including heart rate (HR), mean arterial pressure (MAP), seizure duration, agitation score and time to discharge, were evaluated by the researchers. In Group N, the recorded heart rates at 5 and 10 min after the electrical stimulus were 113.30±18.79 and 111.37±15.58 beats per minute, respectively. In contrast, Group D exhibited heart rates of 93.63±14.83 and 94.57±20.15 beats per minute at the same time points, showing a significant difference (p<0.0001). Systolic blood pressure measurements after 5 min of ECT were 116.53±26.09 mmHg in Group D and 138.03±19.32 mmHg in Group N, indicating a significant difference (p<0.001). Diastolic blood pressure and mean arterial pressure were notably reduced in Group D following the induction and electrical stimulus. The duration of seizures was similar between both groups. Additionally, Group D showed an improvement in the Richmond Agitation‐Sedation Score. Dexmedetomidine effectively mitigates the impact on hemodynamic parameters during ECT, resulting in decreased emergence agitation without adverse effects on seizure duration or other complications. The administration of dexmedetomidine successfully attenuates changes in hemodynamic responses during ECT while also alleviating emergence agitation, without affecting the duration of seizures or introducing additional complications. ER  - 
Trihexyphenidyl in young children with dystonic cerebral palsy: A single arm study$$$ PURPOSE: The incidence of dystonic cerebral palsy causing significant morbidity is on the rise. There is a paucity of evidence for the management of dystonia in children. METHODS: Forty-one children aged 6 months-5 years with predominantly dystonic cerebral palsy were started on a predetermined protocol of trihexyphenidyl (0.25-0.52 mg/kg) and followed up at 3, 6 and 12 weeks. Dystonia severity, motor function and developmental age at baseline and 12 weeks were compared using the Global Dystonia Scale (GDS), the Gross Motor Function Measure (GMFM), and Fine Motor/Perceptual Subscale of the Early Developmental Profile-2. Thirty-four children completed the entire 12 weeks of intervention. RESULTS: The mean age of participants was 25±11 months. A significant decrease in median total dystonia scores on the GDS was observed post-intervention (74.5 to 59, p < 0.0001), and 64% of participants gained motor milestones. GMFM scores increased significantly from a median of 19.8% pre-intervention to 26.5% post-intervention (p < 0.0001). There was improvement in the fine motor domain as compared to the baseline (p < 0.0001). The number of children classified at Gross Motor Function Classification System levels 1 and 2 increased to 47.05% from 5.88% in the pre-intervention group. CONCLUSION: Trihexyphenidyl significantly improved dystonia, motor function and development in children with dystonic cerebral palsy in this study. Additional studies are needed to clarify its role in larger numbers of children with this condition. ER  - 
PATTERNS OF CANNABIS ABUSE CASES FROM HIMACHAL PRADESH: A RETROSPECTIVE EVALUATION$$$ Drug abuse is one of the major contributors to worldwide mortality and morbidity rates as the abuse of different types of drugs has increased considerably in the recent times and stands out as a major health problem throughout the world. Drugs prepared from Cannabis sativa are the premiere examples of such highly addictive drugs. The present retrospective study was done with the objective of compiling data of Cannabis sativa seizures under NDPS Act that were reported by NDPS division of State Forensic Science Laboratory, Himachal Pradesh, Shimla Hills, Junga, India during January 2016 to December 2021. Himachal Pradesh (located in northern part of India) has a wide diversity of Flora and Fauna. In this wide diversity of flora, Cannabis sativa is a widely growing weed and being exploited for the world famous Malana Cream: a high quality product of Marijuana. The plant and its preparations are used as a drug of abuse since ancient times. Due to its easy availability, the abuse and trafficking cases are increasing day by day. Data on locality was recorded and analyzed. As per the results of this study, Charas (Hashish) is the most common preparation of Cannabis sativa, abused at a large scale throughout the state of Himachal Pradesh. It is envisioned that this data analysis report will provide appropriate information for the academicians, researchers and law enforcement agencies to plan future research and effective preventive strategies to deal with upsurge in drug abuse and trafficking cases. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors of anxiety and depression in adult patients with epilepsy: a multicenter survey-based study$$$ Background: Depression and anxiety are the most common psychiatric comorbidities in patients with epilepsy (PWE). However, they are often unrecognized and consequently untreated. Objective: The study was conducted to evaluate the prevalence and risk factors of anxiety and depression among Chinese adult PWE. Design: Cross-sectional study. Methods: Adult PWE were recruited from 13 tertiary epilepsy centers from February to September 2022. Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 and Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy were applied to evaluate anxiety and depression, respectively. Both univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses models were performed to explore the risk factors of anxiety and depression. Results: A total of 1326 PWE were enrolled in this study. The prevalence of anxiety and depression was 31.45% and 27.30%, respectively. Being female [odds ratio (OR) = 1.467, 95% CI: 1.134–1.899; p = 0.004], focal and focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (TCSZ) (OR = 1.409, 95% CI: 1.021–1.939; p = 0.036), and seizure occurrence in the last 3 months (OR = 1.445, 95% CI: 1.026–2.044; p = 0.036) were the risk factors for anxiety. Focal and focal to bilateral TCSZ (OR = 1.531, 95% CI: 1.094–2.138; p = 0.013) and seizure occurrence in the last 3 months (OR = 1.644, 95% CI: 1.130–2.411; p = 0.010) were the risk factors for depression. In addition, for every 1-year increment of age, the odds of developing depression were decreased by 3.8% (p = 4.12e−5). Nevertheless, up to 70% of PWE did not receive any treatment for comorbidity. Conclusion: There were approximately 30% of PWE screened positive for anxiety or depression. Both focal and focal to bilateral TCSZ and seizure occurrence in the last 3 months were estimated as risk factors for anxiety and depression. However, the current status of treatment was not optimal. ER  - 
Psychiatric emergency department visits during the coronavirus disease-2019 pandemic$$$ Background: Previous research has demonstrated the negative impact of the coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) pandemic on mental health. Aims: To examine changes in the Chinese psychiatric emergency department (PED) visits for mental health crises that occurred during the pandemic. Methods: Before and during the COVID-19 pandemic, PED visit counts from the largest psychiatric hospital in China between 2018 and 2020 were investigated. Electronic medical records of 2020 PED visits were extracted during the COVID-19 pandemic period and compared for the same period of 2018 and 2019. Results: Overall, PED visits per year increased from 1,767 in 2018 to 2210 (an increase of 25.1%) in 2019 and 2,648 (an increase of 49.9%) in 2020. Compared with 2 years before the epidemic, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the proportion of PED visits among patients with stress disorders, sleep disorders, and anxiety disorders increased significantly. In terms of the distribution of demographic characteristics, age shows a younger trend, while the gender difference is not significant. Conclusion: These findings suggest that PED care-seeking increases during the COVID-19 pandemic, highlighting the need to integrate mental health services for patients with stress, sleep, anxiety, and obsessive-compulsive disorders during public health crises. ER  - 
Insights into cognitive and behavioral comorbidities of SLC6A1-related epilepsy: five new cases and literature review$$$ Introduction: SLC6A1 pathogenic variants have been associated with epilepsy and neurodevelopmental disorders. The clinical phenotype includes different seizure types, intellectual disability, and psychiatric symptoms affecting mood and behavior. Few data regarding neuropsychological features have been described, and details on cognitive profiles are often missing due to the lack of standardized tests. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the neuropsychological assessments of five subjects carrying heterozygous missense genetic variants in SLC6A1. We also collected data on epileptic features, EEGs, and brain MRIs. Additionally, we reviewed neuropsychological data from 204 previously reported patients with SLC6A1 pathogenic variants. Results: In our series, at the last evaluation (median 12.6 years), three patients had borderline intellectual functioning, one patient had mild cognitive impairment, and one patient presented with a moderate cognitive disability. Three out of five patients underwent at least two neuropsychological evaluations, which revealed a worsening of cognitive functions over time. We detected attention deficits in all patients. In addition, we observed anxiety, disruptive behavior disorder, emotional instability, and hetero aggressiveness. We also performed a literature review that highlighted that most of the patients with SLC6A1 pathogenic variants have mild-to-moderate intellectual disability and that one-third of cases have autistic traits. Discussion: Based on the literature review and the detailed description of our cases, we conclude that patients with SLC6A1-related epilepsy mostly present with mild-to-moderate intellectual disability, often associated with attention disorders. Such symptoms may worsen over time. Periodic standardized neuropsychological tests may be useful tools to follow development over time, and patient-specific rehabilitation programs could be tailored consistently. ER  - 
Impact of comorbid psychogenic non-epileptic seizures on migraine: An observational study$$$ Objectives: There is a bidirectional and complex interplay between psychiatric comorbidities and migraine. Migraine has been observed in 50–60% of patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Studies describe migraine as a medical comorbidity in PNES. However, there are limited studies on impact of PNES on migraine. We aim to see the impact of PNES on migraine. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional and observational study was conducted at a tertiary-care center from June 2017 to May 2019. Fifty-two patients with migraine with PNES and 48 patients with migraine without PNES were included on the study. Migraine and PNES were diagnosed based on International Classification of Headache Disorders-3 (ICHD-3) and International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) criteria, respectively. Headache intensity was assessed using visual analog scale. Comorbid depression, anxiety, and somatoform-symptom-disease were assessed using the Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 Scale, Patient Health Questionnaire-9, and DSM-5 criteria, respectively. Results: Females were common in both groups and the difference was statistically insignificant. Headache frequency was significantly more in patients with migraine with PNES (P < 0.05). However, headache intensity was similar in both groups. Patients with headaches and PNES identified triggers less commonly except for stress. Depression and somatoform symptom disorder were significantly more common in patients with migraine with PNES. Abnormal neurocircuitry involving frontal, limbic, and thalamic regions due to comorbid PNES may cause central sensitization, resulting in frequent migraine headaches which is further augmented by coexisting depression and somatoform-symptom-disease. Conclusion: Migraine with PNES patients suffers more frequent headaches than patients with migraine without PNES. They differ in various headache triggers, with mental stress being the predominant trigger. ER  - 
Community pharmacists’ skills and practice regarding dispensing fiscalized substances: a cross-sectional survey$$$ Background: The use of drugs containing fiscalized substances is essential in different medical areas, including pain management, obstetric emergencies, and the treatment of mental disorders. However, due to their potential for abuse and negative health effects, the dispensing of these substances demands pharmacists with the requisite skills and practice. Objective: This study assesses the skills and practices of pharmacy personnel in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) regarding the dispensing of tramadol, a medication containing fiscalized substances, in community pharmacies. Methodology: A cross-sectional study was conducted. Community Pharmacies were chosen via random sampling, and seven well-trained final year pharmacy students visited them and conducted face-to-face interviews. The survey tool covered items highlighting the demographic data of the subjects, and items on the practice and skills regarding dispensing the fiscalized substances. The content validity ratio values of all tool questions were more than 0.78, suggesting acceptable validity and the Cronbach’s α of 0.75 showed as acceptable internal reliability. The primary outcome measures of interest were the skills and practice regarding dispensing Fiscalized substances. Results: A total of 612 pharmacists were recruited in the study. The average practice score was 80%. There was a statistically significant association (p < 0.05) between practices about dispensing fiscalized substances and gender, age group, pharmacy type, work experience, university of graduation, and receiving training on epilepsy and antiepileptic drugs. Conclusion: The results implied that competency and experience are vital factors for the dispensing of tramadol. Contextually, the majority of the pharmacists evidently have the requisite competencies to provide high-quality and proper medical care, with regards to dispensing tramadol, which will minimize drug abuse and medication errors, and assist outpatients to manage their drugs containing fiscalized substances. ER  - 
Accuracy, precision, and safety of stereotactic, frame-based, intraoperative MRI-guided and MRI-verified deep brain stimulation in 650 consecutive procedures$$$ OBJECTIVE Suboptimal lead placement is one of the most common indications for deep brain stimulation (DBS) revision procedures. Confirming lead placement in relation to the visible anatomical target with dedicated stereotactic imaging before terminating the procedure can mitigate this risk. In this study, the authors examined the accuracy, precision, and safety of intraoperative MRI (iMRI) to both guide and verify lead placement during frame-based stereotactic surgery. METHODS A retrospective analysis of 650 consecutive DBS procedures for targeting accuracy, precision, and perioperative complications was performed. Frame-based lead placement took place in an operating room equipped with an MRI machine using stereotactic images to verify lead placement before removing the stereotactic frame. Immediate lead relocation was performed when necessary. Systematic analysis of the targeting error was calculated. RESULTS Verification of 1201 DBS leads with stereotactic MRI was performed in 643 procedures and with stereotactic CT in 7. The mean ± SD of the final targeting error was 0.9 ± 0.3 mm (range 0.1-2.3 mm). Anatomically acceptable lead placement was achieved with a single brain pass for 97% (n = 1164) of leads; immediate intraoperative relocation was performed in 37 leads (3%) to obtain satisfactory anatomical placement. General anesthesia was used in 91% (n = 593) of the procedures. Hemorrhage was noted after 4 procedures (0.6%); 3 patients (0.4% of procedures) presented with transient neurological symptoms, and 1 experienced delayed cognitive decline. Two bleeds coincided with immediate relocation (2 of 37 leads, 5.4%), which contrasts with hemorrhage in 2 (0.2%) of 1164 leads implanted on the first pass (p = 0.0058). Three patients had transient seizures in the postoperative period. The seizures coincided with hemorrhage in 2 of these patients and with immediate lead relocation in the other. There were 21 infections (3.2% of procedures, 1.5% in 3 months) leading to hardware removal. Delayed (> 3 months) retargeting of 6 leads (0.5%) in 4 patients (0.6% of procedures) was performed because of suboptimal stimulation benefit. There were no MRI-related complications, no permanent motor deficits, and no deaths. CONCLUSIONS To the authors' knowledge, this is the largest series reporting the use of iMRI to guide and verify lead location during DBS surgery. It demonstrates a high level of accuracy, precision, and safety. Significantly higher hemorrhage was encountered when multiple brain passes were required for lead implantation, although none led to permanent deficit. Meticulous audit and calibration can improve precision and maximize safety. ER  - 
Relationship between stigma and symptom burden in patients with multiple sclerosis$$$ Background & Objective: Patients with multiple sclerosis (PwMS) may experience discrimination and stigma. The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between stigma and the symptom burden in PwMS. Methods: This cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted between June 2020 and September 2021 on MS patients enrolled in the neurology outpatient clinic of a university hospital in Turkiye. Multiple Sclerosis-Related Symptom Checklist and Neuroquality of Life (Neuro-QoL)-Stigma Scale were used to collect data. Results: The mean age of the 195 study patients was 37.5 (± 9.7) years and 67.2% were female. One-fourth of the patients (26.2%) had a primary education level, and the unemployment rate was 9.7%. The patients reported that their private life (issues such as getting married, having boyfriend/girlfriend or problems in marital life) was affected the most (23.6%) by MS. The mean stigma burden scale scores of the patients were 37.9 (± 18.2). It was found that the stigma score of the patients was not significantly related to age, gender, education, and employment (p> 0.05); but was worse in divorced/widowed patients (p = 0.039); and was worse in patients who reported that their work, school, and private life were affected due to MS (p <0.05). The regression analysis showed that neuropsychiatric (p<0.001), urinary (p<0.001) and sensory (p=0.029) symptoms contributed the most to stigma. Conclusions: A study on PwMS in Turkiye showed a mild level of stigma. The symptom burden of the patients correlated with the stigma level suggesting that effective symptom control may help reduce the stigma level of PwMS. ER  - 
Appropriateness of psychopharmacological therapies to psychiatric diagnoses in persons with autism spectrum disorder with or without intellectual disabilities: a cross-sectional analytic study$$$ Background: Observational studies highlighted high rates of psychotropic medication in persons with autistic spectrum disorder (ASD) with or without intellectual disability, which seems to be associated with the management of problem behaviors more than co-occurrent psychiatric disorders. The purpose of the study is to investigate psychopharmacology use and diagnoses of co-occurrent psychiatric disorder (PD) in persons with ASD attending a public mental health service in Emilia Romagna, Italy. Methods: The present study is a multicenter, cross-sectional study. Results: 275 persons out of 486 (56.5%) resulted to receive at least one psychotropic drug, compared to 74 persons (15.2%) that were diagnosed with a PD. 63.6% were on poly-pharmacotherapy (2–10 compounds), with 37.8% receiving 3 or more medications. Antipsychotics were the most frequently prescribed class of psychotropic drugs (89%), followed by antiepileptics/mood stabilizers/lithium (42.1%) and anxiolytics (BDZ) (38.5%). Most common psychiatric disorders were psychotic disorders (29.7%), followed by anxiety disorders (17.5%), bipolar disorders (12.2%), and depressive disorders (9.4%). Conclusions: Our findings support earlier research showing that many individuals with ASD receive pharmacotherapy without being diagnosed with a co-occurring psychiatric disorder, indicating that the main reasons for prescription and the type of compound frequently have little to no link with specific psychopathology. ER  - 
Executive Functions in a Population of Individuals with CHARGE Syndrome: Findings from Performance-Based and Rating Scale Measures According to a 3-Factor Model$$$ Purpose: To identify possible predictors of executive functions of individuals with CHARGE syndrome, as these will be important targets for interventions. Methods: A population-based cross-sectional study investigating the executive functions of a representative sample of 35 Norwegians with CHARGE syndrome divided into two subgroups to handle their inherent heterogeneity. Both performance-based measures and rating scale findings were included and organized according to the 3-factor model of Miyake and colleagues. Results: Both measures showed comprehensive executive dysfunctions within the population, which were largely unrelated to deafblindness. Working memory stood out as a strength within the executive domain and the only factor presenting results within the normal range. Verbal working memory was a particular cognitive resource for participants with deafblindness, and, unlike those without deafblindness, unrelated to sensorimotor functions. Conclusions: Individuals with CHARGE syndrome appear to be at risk for underdeveloped executive functions due to neurogenetic and environmental factors. Performance-based measures and ratings from caregivers gave unique and complementary knowledge and implied the need of both when investigating executive functioning in CHARGE syndrome. Participants with deafblindness presented strong verbal working memory despite their auditory impairments, indicating effective compensatory mechanisms The results also indicated an untapped cognitive potential in both subgroups. Because of their relatively advanced working memory significantly correlating with global cognition, the environment should assume equal learning potential of individuals with CHARGE syndrome regardless of their degree of sensory impairments. ER  - 
White matter microstructure and serum biomarkers of inflammation in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Background: Neuroinflammation may contribute to the pathophysiology of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). However, it is unclear whether and to what degree comorbid psychiatric symptoms explain this association. In this study, we investigated the neuroinflammatory signature of PNES and how it compares to that of people with psychiatric conditions (PwPCs). Methods: We prospectively assessed differences in neurite density (NDI), orientation dispersion (ODI), and isotropic diffusion (F-ISO) in 23 participants with PNES and 27 PwPCs, and their relationships to serum levels of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α, TNF receptor 1 (TNF-R1), TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL), interleukin (IL)-6, intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM)-1, and monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP)-1 using voxelwise multiple linear regressions. Pearson correlations between serum biomarkers and clinical symptoms were also obtained. Results: There were no white matter (WM) microstructural differences between groups. In PNES, TNF-R1 was negatively associated with NDI in the right uncinate fasciculus (UF) and positively associated with F-ISO in the left UF. IL-6 was positively associated with NDI and negatively with F-ISO in the left UF. ICAM-1 was positively associated with ODI in the left UF. TNF-α was negatively associated with ODI in the left cingulum bundle. The opposite relationships were observed in PwPCs. Higher TNF-R1 was associated with higher depression, anxiety, lower emotional quality of life, and higher levels of disability in PNES. Conclusions: For the first time, we report relationships between peripheral inflammatory biomarkers and WM integrity in PNES, including abnormalities in the UF and cingulum bundle. Our results suggest that serum biomarkers of inflammation may, with additional studies, become a useful aid to PNES diagnosis, especially in settings where video-EEG is not available. The lack of group differences in WM microstructure suggests that previously identified WM abnormalities in PNES versus healthy controls may be related to psychological comorbidities of PNES. ER  - 
Comorbid conditions in Egyptian patients with migraine$$$ Background: Identifying migraine comorbidities may guide prognosis and treatment options. This study aimed to assess the frequency of comorbid conditions among adults with migraine living in Greater Cairo. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, Egyptian migraine sufferers aged ≥ 18 years living in Greater Cairo were consecutively recruited (April 2019–April 2021). Following The International Classification of Headache Disorders-third edition, diagnosis of migraine was confirmed, and the type of migraine was defined as whether episodic or chronic, with or without aura, with childhood/adolescence or adulthood onset. Specialist physicians from the research team assessed comorbid conditions among the respondents. Results: The mean age of respondents (n = 1064) was 35 ± 7. Irritable bowel syndrome represented the most common comorbidity in our patients (45.5%), followed by vitamin D deficiency (41.8%). The frequency of epilepsy, stroke, multiple sclerosis, and systemic lupus erythematosus was significantly higher in patients with chronic than episodic type (χ2 = 4.514, P = 0.034), (χ2 = 12.302, P = 0.001), (χ2 = 12.302, P = 0.001), (χ2 = 4.806, P 0.028), respectively. Females with menstrual migraines had a significantly higher frequency of generalized anxiety disorder, panic attacks, and restless leg syndrome than those with non-menstrual migraines (χ2 = 7.636, P 0.006), (χ2 = 9.245, P = 0.002), and (χ2 = 11.997, P = 0.001), respectively. The frequency of diabetes was significantly higher in patients with migraine with aura than in those without aura (χ2 = 4.248, P value 0.039). Conclusion: This study provides a better understanding of the comorbidities in Egyptian patients with migraine and will provide new avenues for developing individualized therapy for migraine patients. ER  - 
Fourteen cases of cerebral creatine deficiency syndrome in children: a cohort study in China$$$ Background: This study sought to analyze the clinical characteristics, biochemical metabolic indications, treatment results, and genetic spectrum of cerebral creatine deficiency syndrome (CCDS), estimate the prevalence of CCDS in Chinese children and provide a reference to guide clinical practice. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of 3,568 children with developmental delay at Children's Hospital of Fudan University over a 6-year period (January 2017-December 2022). Metabolites in the blood/urine were detected by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), and genetic testing was performed by next-generation sequencing (NGS). The patients with suspected CCDS were ultimately diagnosed by magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS). The patients were then treated and followed up. All the reported cases of CCDS, their gene mutations, and treatment results in China were summarized. Results: Ultimately, 14 patients were diagnosed with CCDS. The age of onset was between 1-2 years. All the patients had developmental delay, 9 had epilepsy, and 8 had movement or behavioral disorders. A total of 17 genetic variants were identified, including 6 novel variants. c.403G>A, c.491dupG of the guanidinoacetate methyltransferase (GAMT) gene had a relatively high frequency. After treatment, patients with GAMT deficiency showed obvious improvements, and brain creatine (Cr) levels recovered to 50-80% of normal, 1 patient achieved normal neurodevelopment, and 3 patients became epilepsy free; however, 6 male patients with X-linked creatine transporter gene (SLC6A8) variants received Cr for 3-6 months with no effect, and 2 patients received combined therapy with few improvements. Conclusions: The prevalence of CCDS is ∼0.39% in Chinese children with developmental delay. A lowprotein diet, Cr and, ornithine were useful for patients with GAMT deficiency. Male patients with SLC6A8 deficiency showed only limited improvement on combined therapy. ER  - 
Evaluating the Supporting Evidence of Medical Cannabis Claims Made on Clinic Websites: Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Background: Since the legalization of medical cannabis in Canada in 2013, prescription of cannabis for medical purposes has become commonplace and a multibillion dollar industry has formed. Much of the media coverage surrounding medical cannabis has been positive in nature, leading to Canadians potentially underestimating the adverse effects of medical cannabis use. In recent years, there has been a large increase in clinic websites advertising the use of medical cannabis for health indications. However, little is known about the quality of the evidence used by these clinic websites to describe the effectiveness of cannabis used for medical purposes. Objective: We aimed to identify the indications for medical cannabis reported by cannabis clinics in Ontario, Canada, and the evidence these clinics cited to support cannabis prescription. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional web search to identify all cannabis clinic websites within Ontario, Canada, that had physician involvement and identified their primary purpose as cannabis prescription. Two reviewers independently searched these websites to identify all medical indications for which cannabis was promoted and reviewed and critically appraised all studies cited using the Oxford Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine Levels of Evidence rubric. Results: A total of 29 clinics were identified, promoting cannabis for 20 different medical indications including migraines, insomnia, and fibromyalgia. There were 235 unique studies cited on these websites to support the effectiveness of cannabis for these indications. A high proportion (36/235, 15.3%) of the studies were identified to be at the lowest level of evidence (level 5). Only 4 clinic websites included any mention of harms associated with cannabis. Conclusions: Cannabis clinic websites generally promote cannabis use as medically effective but cite low-quality evidence to support these claims and rarely discuss harms. The recommendation of cannabis as a general therapeutic for many indications unsupported by high-quality evidence is potentially misleading for medical practitioners and patients. This disparity should be carefully evaluated in context of the specific medical indication and an individualized patient risk assessment. Our work illustrates the need to increase the quality of research performed on the medical effects of cannabis. ER  - 
Interaction between COVID-19 and epilepsy during the omicron surge: A cross-sectional survey conducted in China tertiary hospital$$$ Objective: It is unclear whether patients with epilepsy are more susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 infection, whether they experience more severe manifestations of COVID-19, and whether seizures worsen after SARS-CoV-2 infection. Our study aims to explore these points and provide comprehensive and practical guidance for patients with epilepsy. Methods: We designed a questionnaire to collect variables from epilepsy patients. We used the Chi-square test, Fisher's exact test, or Mann-Whitney U test to analyze differences between the two groups. Multiple logistic regressions were employed to determine the risk factors for relevant outcome variables. Results: We identified a total of 181 patients, with 74% (n = 134) reporting COVID-19. The patients' educational level was found to be a risk factor for COVID-19 (OR = 0.33, 95% CI 0.14–0.80, P = 0.013). When comparing seizure frequency changes between epilepsy patients with and without COVID-19, no statistically significant difference was observed (P > 0.05). However, an increase in seizure frequency was significantly associated with higher levels of anxiety (P < 0.001) and depression (P < 0.005). Conclusion: The risk of COVID-19 infection may be increased in patients with epilepsy. COVID-19 infection does not seem to worsen seizures in epilepsy patients. Patients with epilepsy rarely develop more severe clinical manifestations of COVID-19 after SARS-CoV-2 infection. During the COVID-19 pandemic, patients with epilepsy who also suffer from anxiety and depression may experience an increase in the frequency of their seizures. ER  - 
Assessing the prevalence of psychotic symptoms in epileptic patients at a tertiary clinic$$$ Background: The International League against Epilepsy (ILAE) defines epilepsy as a brain disorder characterised by an enduring risk to generate seizures with neurobiological, cognitive, psychological and social consequences. Psychotic disorders in epilepsy are a serious psychiatric complication affecting the prognosis, morbidity and mortality of patients. There is a paucity in literature with regard to the prevalence of psychotic symptoms in epileptic patients in low-to middle-income countries. Aim: This study aimed to look at the prevalence of psychotic symptoms in epileptic patients at an outpatient clinic using the prodromal questionnaire 16 (PQ-16). Setting: The study was conducted at the epilepsy clinic at Charlotte Maxeke Academic Hospital (CMJAH), a tertiary hospital located in Johannesburg, South Africa. Method: The PQ-16 was distributed to patients at the epilepsy clinic at CMJAH. Results: The study consisted of 121 participants. The prevalence of patients found to be at high risk of psychosis (i.e., PQ-16 score > 6) was 61.2% (95% lower confidence interval (LCI): 0.53, upper confidence interval (UCI): 0.70). None of the demographic variables showed significant associations in the percentage of patients found to be at high risk. No association was found between any antiepileptic drug and high risk of psychosis. Conclusion: The high prevalence of psychotic like experiences found suggests it is imperative to screen for psychotic disorders in epileptic patients and if required to involve neuropsychiatrists in their management. Contribution: This study highlights the importance of assessing psychotic symptoms in epileptic patients and the importance of a multidisciplinary approach in managing these complex patients. ER  - 
School distress and the school attendance crisis: a story dominated by neurodivergence and unmet need$$$ Background: The Covid-19 pandemic has brought into sharp focus a school attendance crisis in many countries, although this likely pre-dates the pandemic. Children and young people (CYP) struggling to attend school often display extreme emotional distress before/during/after school. We term this School Distress. Here we sought to elucidate the characteristics of the CYP struggling to attend school in the United Kingdom. Methods: Using a case–control, concurrent embedded mixed-method research design, 947 parents of CYP with experience of School Distress completed a bespoke online questionnaire (February/March 2022), alongside an age-matched control group (n = 149) and a smaller group of parents who electively home-educate (n = 25). Results: In 94.3% of cases, school attendance problems were underpinned by significant emotional distress, with often harrowing accounts of this distress provided by parents. While the mean age of the CYP in this sample was 11.6 years (StDev 3.1 years), their School Distress was evident to parents from a much younger age (7.9 years). Notably, 92.1% of CYP currently experiencing School Distress were described as neurodivergent (ND) and 83.4% as autistic. The Odds Ratio of autistic CYP experiencing School Distress was 46.61 [95% CI (24.67, 88.07)]. Autistic CYP displayed School Distress at a significantly earlier age, and it was significantly more enduring. Multi-modal sensory processing difficulties and ADHD (among other neurodivergent conditions) were also commonly associated with School Distress; with School Distress CYP having an average of 3.62 NDs (StDev 2.68). In addition, clinically significant anxiety symptomology (92.5%) and elevated demand avoidance were also pervasive. Mental health difficulties in the absence of a neurodivergent profile were, however, relatively rare (6.17%). Concerningly, despite the striking levels of emotional distress and disability reported by parents, parents also reported a dearth of meaningful support for their CYP at school. Conclusion: While not a story of exclusivity relating solely to autism, School Distress is a story dominated by complex neurodivergence and a seemingly systemic failure to meet the needs of these CYP. Given the disproportionate number of disabled CYP impacted, we ask whether the United Kingdom is upholding its responsibility to ensure the “right to an education” for all CYP (Human Rights Act 1998). ER  - 
Epileptic seizures at multiple sclerosis onset and their role in disease progression$$$ Background: Epileptic seizures can occur throughout the course of multiple sclerosis (MS) and are associated with increasing disability progression over time. However, there are no data on whether epileptic seizures at the onset of MS also lead to increasing disability. Objective: To examine disease progression over time for MS patients with epileptic seizures at onset. Methods: We analyzed the data of 30,713 patients on the German Multiple Sclerosis Register in a case–control study for more than 15 years. MS patients with seizures at onset were further divided into subgroups with polysymptomatic and monosymptomatic onset to assess the impact of additional symptoms on disease progression. Results: A total of 46 patients had seizures as onset symptoms. Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) within the first year was lower in the group with seizures at onset compared to controls (0.75 versus 1.6, p < 0.05), which changed until the last reported visit (3.11 versus 3.0). Both subgroups revealed increased EDSS progression over time compared to controls. Conclusion: Epileptic seizures at MS onset are associated with a higher amount of disability progression over time. Additional longitudinal data are needed to further clarify the impact of seizures on the pathophysiology of MS disease progression. ER  - 
Hypometabolic patterns of focal cortical dysplasia in PET-MRI co-registration imaging: a retrospective evaluation in a series of 83 patients$$$ Objective: To characterize the PET-MRI co-registration of hypometabolic patterns in focal cortical dysplasia (FCD) types I and II and provide some suggestions in presurgical evaluation of epilepsy surgery. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed PET-MRI co-registration imaging data from a cohort of 83 epilepsy patients with histologically confirmed FCD types I and II. Hypometabolic patterns were classified into 4 types: bottom of sulcus hypometabolism (BOSH), single island of sulcus hypometabolism (SIOS), single gyrus or sulcus hypometabolism (SGOS), and multiple gyri and sulci hypometabolism (MGOS). Results: Most of cases that were overlooked by conventional MRI and PET evaluation but positive in PET-MRI co-registration were focalized lesions in dorsolateral frontal lobe (9/15) and FCD type IIa was the most prevalent pathological type (11/15). The FCD histological types (p = 0.027) and locations (p < 0.001) were independent predictors of PET-MRI co-registration hypometabolic patterns. Focalized hypometabolic patterns (BOSH, SIOS, SGOS) were primarily observed in the frontal lobe (33/39) and FCD type II (43/62) and extensive pattern (MGOS) in temporal lobe (18/20) and FCD type I (16/21; p < 0.005). Conclusion: PET-MRI co-registration enhanced the detection of FCD type IIa compared with conventional MRI and PET reading. The hypometabolic patterns of FCD type I and temporal lobe FCD were more extensive than those of FCD type II and frontal lobe FCD, respectively. The predilection of focalized hypometabolic patterns in frontal lobe FCD suggested that subtle lesions should be checked carefully in patients with suspected frontal lobe epilepsy. ER  - 
Medical Cannabis Received by Patients According to Qualifying Condition in a US State Cannabis Program: Product Choice, Dosing, and Age-Related Trends$$$ Background: Little is known about the distribution of cannabidiol (CBD) and Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) to patients participating in state medical cannabis programs. The Minnesota cannabis program requires third-party testing of products with limited formulations of cannabis for distribution to patients. Objective: To characterize the distribution of cannabis products, their CBD/THC content, and dosing among patients with qualifying conditions. Methods: This is a retrospective analysis of ∼50% of registered users receiving medical cannabis in Minnesota (June 16, 2016, to November 15, 2019). Data included formulation, CBD/THC prescribed doses, and qualifying conditions. The primary end points were calculated using daily dose and duration of use. Comparisons were made for CBD and THC total daily dose dispensed, patient age, and approved product. Nonparametric statistical tests were used (significance was set at p < 0.05). Results: A total of 11,520 patients were listed with 1 qualifying condition. The most common condition was intractable pain (60.0%). Median dispensation duration varied from 53 days (cancer) to 322 days (muscle spasms). Most (≥62.8%) patients across all qualifying conditions received both CBD and THC. Median THC dose was lower in older (≥65 years) compared with younger adults with intractable pain (p < 0.0001) and cancer patients (p = 0.0152), and the same pattern was found CBD dose with seizure (p = 0.0498) patients. For commercial products with Food and Drug Administration indications, the median CBD total daily dose was 86.9% lower than the recommended doses for patients with seizures (Epidiolex: Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Palo Alto CA) and median THC total daily dose was 65.3% (Syndros: Benuvia Manufacturing, Round Rock, TX) or 79.3% lower (Marinol: Banner Pharmacaps, Inc., High Point, NC) for cancer patients. Conclusions: A majority of patients received products containing both CBD and THC. Dosages varied by age group and were lower than recommended for conditions with Food and Drug Administration-approved products. Complex pharmacokinetics of THC and CBD, possible age-related changes in physiology, unknown efficacy, and potential for drug interactions all increase the need for monitoring of patients receiving cannabis products. (Curr Ther Res Clin Exp. 2023; 84:XXX–XXX) ER  - 
The Effect of Add-on Memantine in New Onset Combat-Related Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Core Symptoms: A Pilot Study$$$ Objective: Studies using standard neuropsychological instrumentation have shown memory deficits in posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) patients. We examined the efficacy and safety of memantine in new cases of combat-related PTSD in the military by conducting a 16-week prospective double-blind randomized controlled trial. Method: Twenty-six new combat-related PTSD cases were recruited from among the military personnel based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5). Patients were assigned to memantine and Placebo groups. They were monitored at baseline, week eight, and week 16. Memantine was added to each patient's current medication with an initial dosage of 5 mg/day, raised by 5 mg/day every week until it reached the maintenance level of 20 mg/day. The concurrent drugs were essentially kept unchanged during the trial. The primary outcome was PTSD severity as assessed by the Clinician-administered PTSD Scale (CAPS). The CAPS is a valid and reliable tool for the diagnosis of PTSD and measurement of its severity according to the DSM–4. Results: CAPS mean score in baseline (P = 0.811) and weeks eight (P = 0.389) and 16 (P = 0.066) did not show any significant differences between the two groups. The mean CAPS score in the memantine group significantly (P = 0.006) decreased (Mean differences = -8.79) compared to the placebo group, showing that intervention with memantine was effective. The mean total CAPS in weeks eight (Mean differences = -14.21) and 16 (Mean differences = -27) were less than the baseline, which was significantly meaningful (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Findings of this study suggest that add-on memantine can be effective in veteran patients with PTSD. So our data provide useful insight into the management of new cases of combat-related PTSD. ER  - 
Chronic kidney disease is an independent risk factor of postoperative seizures after burr hole surgery for chronic subdural hematomas$$$ Background: Postoperative seizures are serious neurological complications of chronic subdural hematomas (CSDH). The identification of risk factors of seizures after CSDH is needed to determine which patients require antiepileptic prophylaxis. Methods: We retrospectively collected data on patients diagnosed with CSDH from 2015 to 2018. Postoperative seizures are defined as those occurring within 30 days after surgery. Non-hemorrhagic subdural effusion and acute subdural hemorrhage after craniotomy were precluded in the study. We collected data from 221 patients who had burr hole surgery. We retrospectively recorded patient characteristics, hematoma characteristics, symptoms at admission, comorbid conditions, and other related parameters to evaluate the impact of these parameters on postoperative seizures. Results: Postoperative seizures occurred in 16 patients (7.24%). The univariate analysis showed that previous chronic kidney disease (31.25% vs. 5.37%, p= 0.001), age (60.44 vs. 66.54 y, p = 0.029), low Glasgow Coma Score (GCS) at admission (13.69 vs. 14.46, p = 0.015), and preoperative midline shift (9.79 vs. 8.57 mm, p = 0.021) were significantly correlated with postoperative seizures. The multivariate analysis revealed that previous chronic kidney disease (odds ratio [OR] = 27.103; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 4.887-150.296; p < 0.001), younger age (OR = 0.921; 95% CI = 0.866-0.979; p = 0.009) and preoperative midline shift (OR = 1.782; 95% CI = 1.175-2.702; p = 0.007) were independent risk factors of seizures. However, there was no significant difference in GCS at admission. Conclusions: The independent predictors of postoperative seizures in patients with CSDH were preoperative midline shift, chronic kidney disease, and younger age. For younger patients with chronic kidney disease and preoperative midline displacement, we recommend antiepileptic preventive measures during the perioperative period. ER  - 
Community trauma exposure and post-traumatic stress disorder in Chinese children and adolescents$$$ Background: An increasing number of studies have shown the association between traumatic events occurring in childhood and adolescence and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). A gap remains in the literature on the epidemiology and influencing factors of traumatic events and post-traumatic stress disorder in communities in northern China. This study aimed to determine the prevalence of traumatic events and PTSD in communities in northern China, to explore the types of stressful traumatic events and the impact of these traumatic events on children and adolescents, and to investigate the effect of sociodemographic factors on PTSD. Methods: A cross-sectional survey study was conducted among 6,027 students (7–17 years old) from 6 cities in Liaoning Province, China. The sample consisted of 2,853 males (47.34%) and 3,174 females (52.66%). The Essen Trauma-Inventory for Children and Adolescents (ETI-CA) Scale was used. The ETI-CA has 5 sections, which include type of traumatic events, worst traumatic event, post-traumatic symptoms, onset, duration, burden of PTSD, and present difficulties in different areas of life. PTSD symptoms were assessed with 23 items in Part 3 of the ETI-CA. Results: We found that 2,068 (34.3%) of 6,027 participants experienced trauma events and 686 (33.2%) of 2,068 reported PTSD. Among trauma-exposed youth (2,068), the sudden death of close relatives (33.9%), serious accidents (20.9%), and parental divorce (15.5%) were reported as the worst traumatic events. Studies have shown that after exposure to stressful life events, more than 30% of people feel nervous or upset (39.8%), scared (33.4%), helpless (32.6%), and about 10% have headaches (15.5%), rapid heartbeat (13.3%), and dizziness (11.8%). Multivariable logistic regression analyses showed that students in middle school [OR = 1.29 (1.016, 1.637)], not a student leader [OR = 0.738 (0.618, 0.881)], and their parents in single marital status significantly predicted higher PTSD prevalence the remarried [OR = 0.474 (0.252, 0.893)], married [OR = 0.42 (0.227, 0.778)]. Conclusion: The present study suggests the government to train psychological counselors in schools and communities to provide emotional and psychological support, as well as the school leaders and parents to elevate adolescents' psychological suzhi. Particularly, counseling and professional support should be given to those students whose parents are single. ER  - 
A Study of Antineutrophil Cytoplasmic Antibody Profile in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Patients with Reference to Disease Activity and Organ Involvement$$$ Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is characterized by a diverse array of clinical presentations, warranting comprehensive analyses to decipher the potential correlations between disease activity scores, complement levels and autoantibodies prevalence. In this cross‐sectional study spanning a period of 12 months, we investigated the correlation between disease activity, hypocomplementemia and various autoantibodies in 200 patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) at a tertiary healthcare center. Utilizing various clinical and laboratory markers, we aimed to construct a detailed understanding of the disease patterns and manifestations, which might foster more precise management and intervention strategies for individuals afflicted with SLE. A significant segment of the study population showcased moderate to high disease activity, with 37.50% displaying SLEDAI scores between 11‐20. A notable correlation was observed between low complement C3 levels and the presence of dsDNA antibodies (77.7%). Moreover, the presence of antidsDNA was significantly associated with higher disease activity scores, reaffirmed by a p‐value of 0.007. The findings underscore the pivotal role of complement levels and specific autoantibodies as potential markers for monitoring disease activity in SLE patients. These parameters could potentially guide the development of personalized therapeutic strategies, fostering improved management of SLE. ER  - 
Optimizing treatment persistence in epilepsy: a comparative analysis of combined antiseizure medications with different mechanisms of action$$$ Background: Combination therapy with antiseizure medications (ASMs) is a rational strategy if monotherapy cannot effectively control seizures, thereby aiming to improve tolerance and treatment persistence. Objectives: To compare the efficacy of different ASM combinations among patients. Design: Patients with epilepsy on monotherapy who had a second ASM added as concomitant two-drug therapy from January 2009 to May 2019 in the Chang Gung Research Database, Taiwan, were included in the analysis. Methods: ASM combinations were compared based on their primary mechanism of action (MoA) which are as follows: gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor (G), sodium channel blocker (SC), synaptic vesicle protein 2A (SV2), calcium channel blocker (C), and multiple mechanisms (M). Treatment persistence was compared, and the predictors of persistence were analyzed. Results: In total, 3033 patients were enrolled in this study. Combined ASMs with different MoAs had significantly longer treatment persistence than ASMs with similar MoAs, specifically SC and M combinations. Patients receiving combined ASMs with different MoAs were less likely to discontinue treatment [adjusted hazards ratio: 0.83 (95% CI: 0.75–0.93), p < 0.001]. Among all combinations, the SC + SV2 combination had the longest treatment persistence (mean ± SD: 912.7 ± 841.6 days). Meanwhile, patients receiving the G combination had a higher risk of treatment discontinuation than those receiving the SC + SV2 combination. Underlying malignancies were associated with an increased risk of treatment discontinuation across all MoA categories. Male patients receiving the SC, SV2, and M combinations were more likely to discontinue treatment than female patients. Moreover, patients with renal disease were more likely to discontinue treatment with the SV2 combinations. Conclusion: ASM combinations with different MoAs had superior efficacy and tolerability to ASM combinations with similar MoAs, particularly SC and M combinations. In our cohort, factors associated with treatment discontinuation included underlying malignancy, male sex, and renal disease. These findings may provide valuable insights into the use of ASM combinations if monotherapy cannot adequately control seizures. ER  - 
Identifying Suitable Targets for Alzheimer's Disease and Other Eight Common Neurological Disorders Using the Human Plasma Proteome: A Mendelian Randomization Study$$$ Background: Neurological disorders, such as Alzheimer's disease (AD), comprise a major cause of health-related disabilities in human. However, biomarkers towards pathogenesis or novel targets are still limited. Objective: To identify the causality between plasma proteins and the risk of AD and other eight common neurological diseases using a Mendelian randomization (MR) study. Methods: Exposure data were obtained from a genome-wide association study (GWAS) of 2,994 plasma proteins in 3,301 healthy adults, and outcome datasets included GWAS summary statistics of nine neurological disorders. Inverse variance-weighted MR method as the primary analysis was used to estimate causal effects. Results: Higher genetically proxied plasma myeloid cell surface antigen CD33 level was found to be associated with increased risk of AD (odds ratio [OR] 1.079, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.047-1.112, p = 8.39×10-7). We also discovered the causality between genetically proxied elevated prolactin and higher risk of epilepsy (OR = 1.068, 95% CI = 1.034-1.102; p = 5.46×10-5). Negative associations were identified between cyclin-dependent kinase 8 and ischemic stroke (OR = 0.927, 95% CI = 0.896-0.959, p = 9.32×10-6), between neuralized E3 ubiquitin-protein ligase 1 and migraine (OR = 0.914, 95% CI = 0.878-0.952, p = 1.48×10-5), and between Fc receptor-like protein 4 and multiple sclerosis (MS) (OR = 0.929, 95% CI = 0.897-0.963, p = 4.27×10-5). Conclusion: The findings identified MR-level protein-disease associations for AD, epilepsy, ischemic stroke, migraine, and MS. ER  - 
Safe Use of Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy in the Treatment of Diabetic Foot Ulcers: A Multidisciplinary Approach to Minimize Adverse Effects$$$ Purpose. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the side effects associated with hyperbaric oxygen therapy and provide recommendations to prevent them in patients with diabetic foot ulcers. Introduction. The use of hyperbaric oxygen therapy in the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers remains a contentious issue, and minimizing side effects is critical. While the incidence of side effects related to hyperbaric oxygen (HBO2) therapy is low, it is essential to evaluate cases in a multifaceted and interdisciplinary manner to prevent adverse outcomes. Methods. A retrospective cohort study was conducted over the period of 2018-2020, involving a dataset of 100 patients. The primary objective of the study was to examine the frequency and types of side effects experienced by patients who underwent hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBO) for diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs). In addition, we analyzed various wound characteristics, characteristics of hospitalizations, the surgical or medical interventions received by patients, and laboratory parameters including CRP levels, total blood count, culture results, HbA1c levels, duration of diabetes, treatment received for diabetes, and antibiotic therapy regimens. Results. The percentage of patients who experienced side effects was as low as 6%, and none of them were critical. The most common side effect was discomfort due to the confined space in the chamber. Conclusion. Appropriate patient selection, combined with a multidisciplinary approach to evaluate eligibility, is crucial to avoid adverse side effects. Patient education and early screening for side effects are also essential. Since various treatment protocols exist for HBO2 therapy, pooled data from different protocols may be misleading. Further studies focused on side effects with specific indications are necessary. ER  - 
Prevalence of dementia in a level 4 university epilepsy center: how big is the problem?$$$ Background: The relationship between epilepsy and dementia is currently a topic of great interest. Our study aimed to determine the prevalence of dementia diagnoses among patients of a large level 4 university epilepsy center. Methods: In this retrospective monocentric study conducted at the Department of Epileptology of the University Hospital Bonn, we searched for dementia-related terms in a total of 145,501 medical letters from 40,360 adult patients who were seen between 2003 and 2021. Files with at least one hit were selected and analyzed with regard to diagnoses, age, age at epilepsy onset, and the question as to whether epilepsy preceded or followed the dementia diagnosis. Results: Among the medical letters of 513 patients, dementia-related terms were found. The letters of 12.7% of these patients stated a dementia diagnosis, 6.6% were suspected of having dementia, 4.9% had mild cognitive impairment, and 6.6% had other neurodegenerative diseases without dementia. Taking all 40,360 patients into account, the prevalence of diagnosed or suspected dementia was 0.25%. An older age (≥60 years) and late-onset epilepsy (≥60 years), but not a longer epilepsy duration, increased the odds of dementia by 6.1 (CI 3.5–10.7) and 2.9 (CI 1.7–4.7), respectively. Additionally, vascular, metabolic, inflammatory, and behavioral mood-related comorbidities were commonly observed. Epilepsy tended to precede (23.2%) rather than follow (8.1%) the dementia diagnosis. Conclusion: Despite the clear limitations of a selection bias and the potential underdiagnosis of dementia and underestimation of its prevalence when relying on the medical letters from a specialized center which rather focuses on epilepsy-related issues, the findings of this study offer valuable insights from the perspective of an epilepsy center. In this setting, the prevalence of dementia in epilepsy is rather low. However, physicians should be aware that the risk of dementia is higher in the elderly, in late-onset epilepsies, and when comorbid risk factors exist. Seizures can also be an early sign of a neurodegenerative disease. Future research should explicitly screen for dementia in patients with epilepsy and stratify them according to their underlying pathologies and comorbidities. ER  - 
A Retrospective Assessment of Neurodevelopmental Outcome among Babies Requiring Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) Stay During Their Initial Days: A Follow-Up Study$$$ Aim: The aim of the present study was to determine neurodevelopmental outcome of these babies requiring neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) stay during their initial days at the age of 2 years. Methods: The present study was conducted in the Department of Pediatrics and total duration of study was one year. Retrospective analysis of data of 240 high risk newborns admitted in NICU for more than 48 hours. In this study of 240 babies, 200 babies were followed up for clinical assessment at the age of 2 years. These were contacted and followed up for clinical assessment including motor and neurological function, visiomotor integrative skills, language, executive function, behavioral issues and child behavioral checklist applied. Findings described in simple descriptive manner. Results: In the present study, 48% were male and 52% females. 33% babies were preterm born prior to 37 weeks, 67% were term babies. 46% babies were born low birth weight. 52% were normal vaginal deliveries, 44% were cesarean and 2% were assisted deliveries. 34.5% babies required NICU stay for more than 8 days. 65% required less than 7 days of NICU stay. 12% babies required more than 30 days of NICU stay, 11% required 15-30 days, 12% required 8-14 days. 17.5% had behavioral issues, 12% had withdrawal, 16% had aggressiveness, 20% babies had features of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and 2% had features related to autism. Immediate complications 25% babies had neonatal hypoglycemia, 8% babies had neonatal seizures, 64% babies required phototherapy for hyperbilirubinemia. 28% had neonatal sepsis requiring antibiotics. Conclusion: Neonatal period is a critical period for proper neurodevelopment, having impact on child development. Babies with difficulties during transition period including prematurity, prolonged requirement for neonatal intensive care, resuscitation, ventilation, birth asphyxia, meconium complicating pregnancy had higher immediate as well as long term morbidities. ER  - 
Levetiracetam versus Phenobarbitone for Management of Neonatal Seizures: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Objectives: To review whether levetiracetam is non-inferior to phenobarbitone as the first-choice antiseizure medication (ASM). Methods: The authors searched Medline, Embase, Web of Science, Scopus, and Cochrane Library for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published until May 31, 2023. RCTs comparing the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam and phenobarbitone as first-line ASM in neonatal seizures were included. Random effects meta-analysis was performed, and the Risk of Bias version 2 tool was used for quality assessment. Results: Eleven RCTs enrolling 821 neonates [mostly term, with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE)] were included. There was no significant difference in seizure control between levetiracetam and phenobarbitone (10 RCTs, 786 participants; relative risk RR: 1.11; 95% CI: 0.79, 1.54; I2- 88%). Neonates in the levetiracetam group had a significantly lower incidence of hypotension (RR: 0.28; 95% CI: 0.09, 0.86), respiratory depression (RR: 0.36, 95% CI: 0.19, 0.66), and depressed sensorium (RR: 0.52, 95% CI: 0.27, 1.00). Three studies compared neurodevelopmental outcomes; however two of them were cross-over trials where infants received both drugs. Only one RCT enrolled pure cohorts and showed better neurodevelopment in the levetiracetam group at one month of age. Conclusions: With the limitation of very-low certainty evidence, the results of this systematic review suggest that levetiracetam may be non-inferior to phenobarbitone for managing neonatal seizures. Considering a better safety profile and marginally better neurodevelopment in the short term, levetiracetam may be considered an initial choice for managing neonatal seizures. Registration Number: PROSPERO (CRD42023438018). ER  - 
Clinical Characteristics, Treatment Outcome and Associated Factors of Epilepsy Among Children at Hospitals of North-West Ethiopia$$$ Background: Epilepsy is an important cause of neurological morbidity in children and adolescents. Clinical parameters are the main diagnostic tools, especially in developing countries. Although cost-effective treatments for epilepsy are available, studies have shown that uncontrolled seizures can occur in many patients. Objective: To assess clinical characteristics, treatment outcomes, and associated factors for controlled epilepsy among children with epilepsy who underwent follow-up at the Debre Markos Comprehensive Specialized Hospital, North-west Ethiopia from October 28, 2020, to April 28, 2021. Methods: An institutional-based retrospective cohort study was conducted from October 28, 2020, to April 28, 2021. A total of 385 participants who fulfilled the inclusion criteria were included in the study. A pretested, structured, interviewer-administered questionnaire with a chart review was used to collect data. The data were entered into the Epi-data software version 4.4.2.1 and then exported to the Stata version 14 statistical package for analysis. Descriptive statistics were used to describe the sociodemographic and clinical characteristics, treatment profiles, and treatment outcomes of patients with epilepsy. Bivariate and multivariate analyses were used to identify factors associated with treatment outcomes. Results: The most frequent type of seizure among the 385 respondents was Generalized-tonic-clonic seizures (88.1%). The proximate cause of seizures was identified in 15% of patients, of whom 45 had a perinatal history (8.8%), head injury (3.6%), and CNS infection (2.3%). One-third of patients had poor seizure control. Caregiver relationship (father AOR=0.58; 95th CI:0.35,0.97) and poor adherence (AOR=2.97; 95th CI:1.82, 4.86) were significantly associated with treatment outcome. Conclusion: One-third of children with epilepsy have poor seizure control. Poor adherence to treatment is implicated in poor control. Counseling caregivers on proper treatment and adherence to anti-epileptic medication is recommended to improve treatment outcome in children. ER  - 
A comparison of intra and postoperative analgesic effects of sacrococcygeal and lumbosacral epidural levobupivacaine in cats undergoing ovariohysterectomy$$$ The aim of this study was to compare the intra and postoperative analgesic effects of sacrococcygeal epidural levobupivacaine with those of lumbosacral levobupivacaine in feline ovariohysterectomy. Thirty-six cats were premedicated with intramuscular acepromazine (0.05 mg/ kg) and meperidine (6 mg/kg). Anesthesia was induced with intravenous propofol and maintained with isoflurane in oxygen. The cats were randomly assigned one of the three treatments receiving 0.33% levobupivacaine (0.3 mL/kg) into the sacrococcygeal (S-C group, n=12) or lumbosacral (L-S group, n=12) epidural space, or the same volume of 0.9% saline solution into one of the epidural approaches (Control group, n=12). Intraoperatively, cardiorespiratory variables, end-tidal isoflurane concentration (FE´ISO), and fentanyl requirements were recorded. Postoperative pain was assessed by the UNESP (Universidade Estadual Paulista)-Botucatu multidimensional composite pain scale and the Glasgow feline composite measure pain scale up to 8 hr post-extubation. Morphine was administered as rescue analgesia. Overall FE´ISO and fentanyl requirements were lower in the L-S and S-C compared to the Control (P=0.002–0.048, respectively). There was no significant difference in the cardiorespiratory variables during anesthesia, postoperative pain and rescue analgesia among groups. The time to standing after anesthesia was prolonged in the L-S and S-C groups than in the Control (P<0.001). Lumbosacral and sacrococcygeal epidural levobupivacaine resulted in similar decreases in isoflurane requirements and intraoperative fentanyl supplementation in the cats, with no postoperative benefits. ER  - 
A Study on Adverse Effects of Antiepileptic Drugs in a Tertiary Care Hospital$$$ Background: A study was planned to overlook the adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs in tertiary care hospital Methods: It is a cross sectional study conducted on total of 184 patients in the medical department of tertiary care hospital. The data was entered in Microsoft excel. Inclusion criteria includes patients who are diagnosed with epilepsy and are aged greater than 17 years. Results: Among 184 patients 56.5% were male and 43.4% were female. About 43% were treated with monother-apy and And 57% were treated with polytherapy. The most common side effect is sedation. The statistical analysis showed statistically significant between polytherapy and monotherapy patients against sedation (p value < 0.05) Discussion and Conclusion: Levetiracetam is the safest drug. According to a study, side effects due to poly-therapy are more than side effects due to monotherapy. We can reduce adverse effects by reducing the combinational therapy. ER  - 
Analysis of 21 patients with alcoholic Marchiafava-Bignami disease in Chongqing, China$$$ Objective: This study aimed to investigate the characteristics and prognosis of patients with alcoholic Marchiafava-Bignami disease (MBD), a rare neurological disorder commonly associated with chronic alcoholism, in Chongqing, China. Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of clinical data from 21 alcoholic MBD patients treated at the First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing University between 2012 and 2022. Results: The study included 21 patients with alcoholic MBD who had a mean age of 59 ± 9.86 years and an average drinking history of 35.48 ± 8.65 years. Acute onset was observed in 14 (66.7%) patients. The primary clinical signs observed were psychiatric disorders (66.7%), altered consciousness (61.9%), cognitive disorders (61.9%), and seizures (42.9%). Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed long T1 and long T2 signal changes in the corpus callosum, with lesions predominantly found in the genu (76.2%) and splenium (71.4%) of the corpus callosum. The poor prognosis group demonstrated an increased incidence of altered consciousness (100% vs. 50%, P = 0.044), pyramidal signs (80% vs. 18.8%, P = 0.011), and pneumonia (100% vs. 31.3%, P = 0.007). Patients with a longer drinking history (45.0±10.0 years vs. 32.69±5.99 years, p = 0.008) and a lower thiamine dose (p = 0.035) had a poorer prognosis at one year. Conclusions: This study identified altered consciousness, pyramidal signs, and pneumonia as predictors of a poor prognosis in patients with alcoholic MBD. A longer duration of alcohol consumption and inadequate thiamine supplementation were associated with a poorer prognosis. ER  - 
Latency of epileptic and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background Due to their semiological similarities, psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) can occasionally hardly be differentiated from epileptic seizures (ESs), and long-term video-electroencephalographic monitoring (VEM) is needed for the differential diagnosis. Objective To investigate the time of the first clinical event and its distribution on the days of VEM in ES and PNES patients. Methods In total, a consecutive series of 48 PNES and 51 ES patients matched for gender and age were retrospectively and consecutively evaluated. The time distribution of the seizures during the day was noted. Seizure latency was determined as the time in hours from the start of the video-electroencephalographic recording to the first clinical event. Results The seizure latency was significantly shorter in PNES patients compared to ES patients (p < 0.001). Seventy-two percent of PNES patients and 49.1% of ES patients had their first seizure in the 24 hours of video-EEG recording (p ¼ 0.023). Recording longer than 48 hours was required for 12.5% of PNES patients and 37.3% of ES patients (p ¼ 0.006). While ESs were almost evenly distributed throughout the day, most PNESs occurred during the evening hours (p ¼ 0.011). Conclusion We observed that the PNESs appeared earlier than the ESs in the VEM and were concentrated during daylight hours. Although not strictly reliable, seizure latency can contribute to the differential diagnosis of ES and PNES. ER  - 
THE VALUE OF HEALTH-RELATED QUALITY OF LIFE IN OBJECTIVIZING THE LONG-TERM PROGNOSIS OF PATIENTS WITH POST-TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY$$$ The study included 414 working-age patients with a history of PTBI, of which 93.6 % were men. Respondents underwent an examination of their neurological status and an assessment of the quality of life (QOL) using the WHOQOL-100 questionnaire annually during 2020–2022. In 64.7 % of patients with PTBI, clinical deterioration was noted, accompanied by a decrease in QOL. In 6.3 % of respondents, the clinical picture remained stable, and QOL indicators remained unchanged during repeated studies. In 24.9 % of cases, there was a clinical improvement accompanied by an increase in the dynamics of QOL. In 4.1 % of patients, an inverse relationship was noted in the form of a decrease in the overall quality of life and an improvement in the clinical picture (a reduction in the severity of cerebral symptoms, asthenic syndrome). Thus, in the absence of specific laboratory markers in clinical practice and insufficient information content of neuroimaging research methods in patients after PTBI, QOL should be considered an additional personalized criterion for predicting patients with this pathology. ER  - 
Blood pressure variability, nocturnal heart rate variability and endothelial function predict recurrent cerebro-cardiovascular events following ischemic stroke$$$ Introduction: Cardiovascular parameters characterizing blood pressure (BP), heart rate (HR), endothelial function and arterial stiffness predict cerebro-cardiovascular events (CCVE) in the general population. Considering the paucity of data in stroke patients, we assessed these parameters as potential predictors of recurrent CCVE at acute stroke stroke. Patients and methods: This is a secondary outcome analysis of a prospective observational longitudinal Sleep Deficiency & Stroke Outcome Study (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02559739). The study consecutively recruited acute ischemic stroke patients. Cardiovascular parameters (blood pressure variability [BPV], heart rate variability [HRV], endothelial function, and arterial stiffness) were assessed within the first week post-stroke. Future CCVE were recorded over a 3-year follow-up. Multivariate Cox regression analysis was used to investigate the prognostic value of 48 cardiovascular parameters regarding CCVE risk. Results: Out of 447 recruited patients, 359 were included in this analysis. 20% of patients developed a future CCVE. A high variability of systolic BP (n = 333) and nocturnal HR (non-linear parameters; n = 187) at acute stroke predicted CCVE risk after adjustment for demographic parameters, cardiovascular risk factors and mean BP or HR, respectively. Endothelial dysfunction (n = 105) at acute stroke predicted CCVE risk after adjustment for age and sex, but not after adjustment for cardiovascular risk factors. Diurnal HR and arterial stiffness at acute stroke were not associated with CCVE risk. Conclusion: High blood pressure variability, high nocturnal HRV and endothelial function contribute to the risk for future CCVE after stroke. ER  - 
Cerebrospinal fluid oligoclonal bands in Chinese patients with multiple sclerosis: the prevalence and its association with clinical features$$$ Background: Cerebrospinal fluid oligoclonal band (CSF-OCB) is an established biomarker in diagnosing multiple sclerosis (MS), however, there are no nationwide data on CSF-OCB prevalence and its diagnostic performance in Chinese MS patients, especially in the virtue of common standard operation procedure (SOP). Methods: With a consensus SOP and the same isoelectric focusing system, we conducted a nationwide multi-center study on OCB status in consecutively, and recruited 483 MS patients and 880 non-MS patients, including neuro-inflammatory diseases (NID, n = 595) and non-inflammatory neurological diseases (NIND, n=285). Using a standardized case report form (CRF) to collect the clinical, radiological, immunological, and CSF data, we explored the association of CSF-OCB positivity with patient characters and the diagnostic performance of CSF-OCB in Chinese MS patients. Prospective source data collection, and retrospective data acquisition and statistical data analysis were used. Findings: 369 (76.4%) MS patients were OCB-positive, while 109 NID patients (18.3%) and 6 NIND patients (2.1%) were OCB-positive, respectively. Time from symptom onset to diagnosis was significantly shorter in OCB-positive than that in OCB-negative MS patients (13.2 vs 23.7 months, P=0.020). The prevalence of CSF-OCB in Chinese MS patients was significantly higher in high-latitude regions (41°-50°N)(P=0.016), and at high altitudes (>1000m)(P=0.025). The diagnostic performance of CSF-OCB differentiating MS from non-MS patients yielded a sensitivity of 76%, a specificity of 87%. Interpretation: The nationwide prevalence of CSF-OCB was 76.4% in Chinese MS patients, and demonstrated a good diagnostic performance in differentiating MS from other CNS diseases. The CSF-OCB prevalence showed a correlation with high latitude and altitude in Chinese MS patients. ER  - 
The prevalence and spectrum of thyroid dysfunction among children with Down syndrome attending the paediatric services at two tertiary hospitals in Pretoria, South Africa$$$ Background. Down syndrome (DS) is the most common chromosomal abnormality in the paediatric setting, and thyroid dysfunction is more commonly encountered in this population than among the general population. The literature shows that the most common type of thyroid dysfunction seen in these children is subclinical hypothyroidism. Objective. The purpose of this study was to establish the prevalence and spectrum of thyroid disease in this population, with the aim of establishing easy-to-follow protocols. Method. A retrospective study was conducted in children with DS who were seen at the paediatric genetic clinic at two academic hospitals. Data were collected from the hospital files and the results were extracted from the National Health Laboratory Service database system. Results. A total of 158 children were recruited; 25 children were excluded as they had had no thyroid function tests done. From the total of 133 included children, 70 (52.6%) were male. Babies born in one of the two hospitals numbered 60 (45.1%), whereas 54.9% were born in the other hospital. A total of 77 (57.9%) were found to have thyroid dysfunction; 55.8% of these patients were male. The most common thyroid abnormality was subclinical hypothyroidism in n=66/133 (49.6%), accounting for 85.7% of the causes of the thyroid dysfunction. Most children (n=45/133 (33.8%)) had their first thyroid function test done before the age of 2 months, followed by the age group of 1-5 years (n=34/133 (25.56%)). The total number of children started on treatment for their thyroid dysfunction was n=5/77 (6.49%). Conclusion. Thyroid dysfunction is seen more commonly in children with DS compared with the general population, which was very evident in the present study. A standardised protocol will have a significant impact on the early management of these children, to prevent further cognitive impairment, especially in developing countries and at any level of healthcare. The recommendations for thyroid dysfunction screening by the American Academy of Pediatrics can be adjusted and tailored for the South African population. Early diagnosis and referral of children with DS to a secondary-or tertiary-level facility is of utmost benefit for these children for screening and treatment of comorbidities and complications. ER  - 
Peripheral and Central Nervous System Biomarkers of Inflammation in Functional Seizures: Assessment with Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy$$$ Purpose: Inflammation may link trauma to clinical symptoms in functional seizures (FS). We compared brain temperature and metabolites in FS, psychiatric (PCs) and healthy controls (HCs) and quantified their associations with serum biomarkers of inflammation and clinical symptoms. Patients and Methods: Brain temperature and metabolites were measured with whole-brain magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging (MRSI) and compared between groups in regions of interest and the whole brain. Relationships with inflammatory biomarkers and symptoms were assessed with Pearson correlations. Results: Brain temperature was higher in FS than HCs in the orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) and anterior cingulate gyrus (ACG) and lower in the occipital cortex and frontal lobe. PCs showed lower temperatures than HCs in the frontal lobe including precentral gyrus and in the cerebellum. Myo-inositol (MINO) was higher in FS than HCs in the precentral gyrus, posterior temporal gyrus, ACG and OFC, and choline (CHO) was higher in the occipital lobe. CHO was higher in PCs than HCs in the ACG and OFC, and N-acetylaspartate (NAA) was higher in the ACG. There were no significant correlations with the serum inflammatory biomarkers. In FS, brain temperature correlated with depression, quality of life, psychological symptoms, and disability, CHO correlated with disability, and MINO correlated with hostility, disability, and quality of life. Conclusion: Some of the previously identified neuroimaging abnormalities in FS may be related to comorbid psychiatric symptoms, while others, such as abnormalities in sensorimotor cortex, occipital regions, and the temporo-parietal junction may be specific to FS. Overlapping MINO and temperature increases in the ACG and OFC in FS suggest neuroinflammation. ER  - 
Balancing risks and benefits of cannabis use: Umbrella review of meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials and observational studies$$$ Objective: To systematically assess credibility and certainty of associations between cannabis, cannabinoids, and cannabis based medicines and human health, from observational studies and randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Design: Umbrella review. Data sources: PubMed, PsychInfo, Embase, up to 9 February 2022. Eligibility criteria for selecting studies: Systematic reviews with meta-analyses of observational studies and RCTs that have reported on the efficacy and safety of cannabis, cannabinoids, or cannabis based medicines were included. Credibility was graded according to convincing, highly suggestive, suggestive, weak, or not significant (observational evidence), and by GRADE (Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluations) (RCTs). Quality was assessed with AMSTAR 2 (A Measurement Tool to Assess Systematic Reviews 2). Sensitivity analyses were conducted. Results: 101 meta-analyses were included (observational=50, RCTs=51) (AMSTAR 2 high 33, moderate 31, low 32, or critically low 5). From RCTs supported by high to moderate certainty, cannabis based medicines increased adverse events related to the central nervous system (equivalent odds ratio 2.84 (95% confidence interval 2.16 to 3.73)), psychological effects (3.07 (1.79 to 5.26)), and vision (3.00 (1.79 to 5.03)) in people with mixed conditions (GRADE=high), improved nausea/vomit, pain, spasticity, but increased psychiatric, gastrointestinal adverse events, and somnolence among others (GRADE=moderate). Cannabidiol improved 50% reduction of seizures (0.59 (0.38 to 0.92)) and seizure events (0.59 (0.36 to 0.96)) (GRADE=high), but increased pneumonia, gastrointestinal adverse events, and somnolence (GRADE=moderate). For chronic pain, cannabis based medicines or cannabinoids reduced pain by 30% (0.59 (0.37 to 0.93), GRADE=high), across different conditions (n=7), but increased psychological distress. For epilepsy, cannabidiol increased risk of diarrhoea (2.25 (1.33 to 3.81)), had no effect on sleep disruption (GRADE=high), reduced seizures across different populations and measures (n=7), improved global impression (n=2), quality of life, and increased risk of somnolence (GRADE=moderate). In the general population, cannabis worsened positive psychotic symptoms (5.21 (3.36 to 8.01)) and total psychiatric symptoms (7.49 (5.31 to 10.42)) (GRADE=high), negative psychotic symptoms, and cognition (n=11) (GRADE=moderate). In healthy people, cannabinoids improved pain threshold (0.74 (0.59 to 0.91)), unpleasantness (0.60 (0.41 to 0.88)) (GRADE=high). For inflammatory bowel disease, cannabinoids improved quality of life (0.34 (0.22 to 0.53) (GRADE=high). For multiple sclerosis, cannabinoids improved spasticity, pain, but increased risk of dizziness, dry mouth, nausea, somnolence (GRADE=moderate). For cancer, cannabinoids improved sleep disruption, but had gastrointestinal adverse events (n=2) (GRADE=moderate). Cannabis based medicines, cannabis, and cannabinoids resulted in poor tolerability across various conditions (GRADE=moderate). Evidence was convincing from observational studies (main and sensitivity analyses) in pregnant women, small for gestational age (1.61 (1.41 to 1.83)), low birth weight (1.43 (1.27 to 1.62)); in drivers, car crash (1.27 (1.21 to 1.34)); and in the general population, psychosis (1.71 (1.47 to 2.00)). Harmful effects were noted for additional neonatal outcomes, outcomes related to car crash, outcomes in the general population including psychotic symptoms, suicide attempt, depression, and mania, and impaired cognition in healthy cannabis users (all suggestive to highly suggestive). Conclusions: Convincing or converging evidence supports avoidance of cannabis during adolescence and early adulthood, in people prone to or with mental health disorders, in pregnancy and before and while driving. Cannabidiol is effective in people with epilepsy. Cannabis based medicines are effective in people with multiple sclerosis, chronic pain, inflammatory bowel disease, and in palliative medicine but not without adverse events. Study registration: PROSPERO CRD42018093045. Funding: None. ER  - 
The profile of adolescent patients presenting to a tertiary maternal mental health clinic$$$ Background: Between March 2021 and April 2022, there were 90 037 documented adolescent pregnancies in South Africa. Statistics SA reports that this number is growing. Pregnancy places adolescents at greater risk of psychiatry-related morbidity and may have far-reaching consequences for their children. To date, there is no published data describing the patient profile of adolescent pregnancies in Gauteng Province, South Africa. Aim: To describe the patient profile (demographics, schooling history and type of accommodation), pregnancy-related factors, substance use habits and contraceptive use in pregnant adolescents seen at a tertiary care maternal mental health clinic (MMHC). Setting: The MMHC at Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital, Soweto, Johannesburg, South Africa. Methods: A retrospective file review of all pregnant adolescents referred to the MMHC between January and June 2022. Results: The mean age of the patients was 15.2 years; 72% attended school and 97.4% planned to return. Most pregnancies were unplanned (97.9%), wanted (84%) and presented in the second (41.24%) and third (51.55%) trimesters. Most did not report using substances (76.7%). Fifty percent of the participants met the criteria for a major depressive disorder. Repeating a grade was an identifiable risk factor for an increased Edinburgh depression score. An unplanned pregnancy was associated with a higher risk factor assessment. Conclusion: Pregnant adolescents represent a vulnerable population group. A greater understanding of this patient profile may inform early psychiatric and psychosocial interventions, improved service delivery and help-seeking behaviour. Contribution: This study gives significant insights into the challenges faced, as well as the health and social needs of pregnant adolescents. This contributes to wholistic care and opportunities for early intervention, including awareness of contraceptive use and the risks of substance use and adolescent pregnancy on mental health, benefiting all South African adolescents. ER  - 
Clinical Functional Seizure Score (CFSS): a simple algorithm for clinicians to suspect functional seizures$$$ Purpose: Distinguishing functional seizures (FS) from epileptic seizures (ES) poses a challenge due to similar clinical manifestations. The creation of a clinical scoring system that assists in accurately diagnosing patients with FS would be a valuable contribution to medical practice. This score has the potential to enhance clinical decision-making and facilitate prompt diagnosis of patients with FS. Methods: Participants who met the inclusion criteria were randomly divided into three distinct groups: training, validation, and test cohorts. Demographic and semiological variables were analyzed in the training cohort by univariate analyses. Variables that showed a significant difference between FS and ES were then further scrutinized in two multivariate logistic regression models. The CFSS was developed based on the odds ratio of the discriminating variables. Using the validation group, the optimal cutoff value was determined based on the AUC, and then the CFSS was evaluated in the test cohort to assess its performance. Results: The developed score yielded an AUC of 0.78 in the validation cohort, and a cutoff point of 6 was established with a focus on maximizing sensitivity without significantly compromising specificity. The score was then applied in the test cohort, where it achieved a sensitivity of 86.96% and a specificity of 73.81%. Conclusion: We have developed a new tool that shows promising results in identifying patients suspicious of FS. With further analysis through prospective studies, this innovative, simple tool can be integrated into the diagnostic process of FS. ER  - 
Risk analysis of depression among adult patients with epilepsy of different sex: a retrospective single-center study from China$$$ Objective: To determine sex differences in the prevalence of depression and assess the risk factors for depression among adult patients with epilepsy from the Dali area of China. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of adult patients with epilepsy who visited the First Affiliated Hospital of Dali University from January 2017 to January 2022. Patient Health Questionnaire-9 was used to assess depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy. The risk factors of depression were analyzed by binary logistic regression among different sex in patients with epilepsy. Results: There were significant sex differences in depression in patients with epilepsy (p < 0.001), and females were 4.27 times more likely to suffer from depression than males (95% confidence interval: 3.70–4.92). The risk factors for depression among female patients with epilepsy included occupation (p < 0.001), years with epilepsy (p < 0.001), seizure frequency (p < 0.001), seizure type (p < 0.001), etiology (p < 0.001), number of antiseizure medications used (p < 0.001), antiseizure medications (p < 0.001), and electroencephalogram findings (p < 0.001). The risk factors for depression among male patients with epilepsy included age (p < 0.001), ethnicity (p < 0.001), occupation (p < 0.001), years with epilepsy (p < 0.001), seizure frequency (p < 0.001), seizure type (p < 0.001), etiology (p < 0.001), number of antiseizure medications used (p < 0.001), antiseizure medications (p < 0.001), and electroencephalogram findings (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Adult female patients with epilepsy had a higher risk of depression than adult male patients with epilepsy. There were sex differences in the risk factors associated with depression among patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Improvement of working memory in older adults with mild cognitive impairment after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation – a randomized controlled pilot study$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive technique that could improve cognitive function. It is being developed as a non-pharmacological intervention to alleviate symptoms of cognitive deterioration. We assessed the efficacy of rTMS in improving cognitive functioning among people with Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) in a partially-blinded, sham-controlled randomized trial. Out of 91 subjects screened, 31 participants with MCI (mean age 70.73; SD = 4.47), were randomly assigned to one of three groups: (A) Active rTMS; (B) Active rTMS with Computerized Cognitive Training RehaCom; and (C) Sham control. The study evaluated cognitive function using the DemTect, FAS, and CANTAB tests before and after the stimulation. The following treatment protocol was applied: 2000 pulses at 10 Hz, 5-s train duration, and 25-s intervals at 110% of resting MT delivered over the left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPFC) five times a week for 2 weeks. After 10 sessions of high-frequency rTMS, there was an improvement in overall cognitive function and memory, assessed by the DemTect evaluation, with no serious adverse effects. Analysis of differences in time (after 10 sessions) between studied groups showed statistically significant improvement in DemTect total score (time by group interaction p = 0.026) in favor of rTMS+RehaCom. The linear regression of CANTAB Paired Associates Learning revealed significant differences in favor of rTMS+RehaCom in three subtests. Our study shows that 10 sessions of rTMS over the left DLPFC (alone as well as combined with Computerized Cognitive Training) can have a positive impact on cognitive function in people with MCI. Further research should investigate the underlying mechanism and determine the optimal parameters for rTMS, which will be important for its efficacy in clinical settings. ER  - 
Feasibility and Efficacy of the Cogmed Working Memory Training in Forensic Mental Health Inpatients With Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders: A Pilot Study$$$ Introduction: Schizophrenia spectrum disorders are characterised by notable deficits in executive function, working memory, attention and social cognition. Previous studies in cognitive remediation therapies, of various dose and duration, have shown behavioural and neurobiological improvements. The current pilot study will be the first to test the Cogmed Working Memory Training (CWMT) program in schizophrenia spectrum disorder. Methods: This pilot study was conducted using purposive sampling of consumers with schizophrenia spectrum disorders from a forensic mental health inpatient unit in Australia was used. Eleven participants completed 30 sessions of CWMT over a 2-month period. One participant completed 28 sessions. The primary outcome measure was the CogState Schizophrenia Battery (CSB). Secondary measures included the Brock Adaptive Functioning Questionnaire (BAFQ) and the Allen Cognitive Level Screen (ACLS). Measures were taken before and after the intervention, and at 6-months follow-up to detect maintenance of improvements. Results: Significant improvements were seen in social cognition and emotionality. Trends toward improvement in executive function and working memory were observed in younger participants, but were not significant. Conclusion: Findings indicate that the CWMT may be a beneficial tool for improving social cognition in patients with schizophrenia. CWMT interventions of longer than 2 months may be required to see measurable improvements in other cognitive functions. Age-related cognitive impairment should be controlled for in future studies. Larger studies should be conducted to confirm these findings. ER  - 
Depression as comorbidity in Sundanese epilepsy patients$$$ Background: Depressive disorder is a common psychiatric comorbidity in patients with epilepsy (PWE). This health condition is prevalent among the Sundanese who have a calm and polite character, with a tendency to hide their feelings, which is associated with an increased risk of depression. Methods: This cross-sectional study aimed to determine the prevalence of major depressive disorder (MDD) and the associated factors among Sundanese PWE. The study was carried out in the neurology outpatient clinic at Hasan Sadikin General Hospital Bandung, consisting of the Sunda ethnic group as the majority of patients. Self-stigma degree was measured using the Indonesian version of Internalized Stigma of Epilepsy (ISEP) questionnaire, while depression symptom was screened through the Indonesian version of Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E). Subsequently, patients who had depression symptoms were referred to a psychiatrist to confirm whether their conditions matched the criteria of MDD according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorder-5. Results: The prevalence of depressive symptoms in Sundanese epilepsy patients was found to be 18.4%, and MDD was 6.8% among 103 patients included in this study. Many PWE with MDD were not married, had uncontrolled seizures, used polytherapy anti-seizure medication, and exhibited a higher degree of self-stigma. Conclusion: In this study, the prevalence of MDD was found to be 6.8% among a cohort of Sundanese PWE. A significant relationship was also observed between MDD and several factors, including single status, uncontrolled seizure, polytherapy, and a higher degree of self-stigma. ER  - 
The impact of COVID-19 on people with epilepsy is not over, a longitudinal study$$$ Background: Despite the shift of the COVID-19 era, the post-pandemic impacts on healthcare for people with epilepsy (PWE) remain unknown. This study aimed to determine the clinical, logistic, and psychological impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic during and after COVID-19 containment measures. Method: This is a longitudinal study over two years. Clinical and psychological outcomes of COVID-19 were assessed with the Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS) and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31). Result: A total of 239 patients were recruited, with a mean age of 38.32±14.16 years, and 51.5% were male. Seventy-nine (33.1%) were previously infected with COVID-19. As compared to during the COVID-19 pandemic, the percentage of patients who reported seizure worsening (13.0%) remained the same after the pandemic. The main reasons associated with seizure worsening include baseline seizure frequency ≥1 per month (54.8%), stress (61.3%) and fatigue (48.4%), despite more accessible clinic appointments (49.4%), medication supply (67.8%) and emergency units (62.8%). Psychologically, after the COVID-19 pandemic, PWE reported similar anxiety (4.65±4.46 vs. 4.78±3.72, p=0.715) and depression scores (3.81±3.97 vs. 3.86±3.52, p=0.869) than during the pandemic. Despite improvement in clinical and logistics factors, PWE experiences worsening in quality of life (57.44±15.41 vs. 61.70±15.05, p=<.001), especially in the emotional well-being, cognitive, medication effects, and social function subscales. Conclusion: Despite the improvement in clinical and medication access in the post-COVID-19 era, the challenges and consequences of the pandemic remained, without an improvement in seizure control and psychological well-being, and worsening quality of life. ER  - 
THE STUDY OF MEDICAL DISORDERS IN PREGNANCY AMONG INPATIENTS IN A TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL$$$ Background: Pregnancy is a physiological condition which is complicated by many medical disorders. These adaptations may be hindered by medical conditions, which could also complicate pregnancy and the fetus. Changes occurring during pregnancy are required for the good outcome of foetus and mother. Materials and Methods: Retrospective study in 1000 patients with medical disorders in pregnancy admitted in tertiary care hospital from Dec 2020 to Dec 2022 in the department of obstetrics and Gynecology, Government General Hospital, Kurnool. Pregnant women admitted in the department were administered with pre tested semi structured questionnaire after taking written informed consent. Patient's demographic parameters and chief complaints, past medical and obstetric history was taken. General and systemic examination was done and necessary investigations depending upon suspected underlying medical conditions were done. Baseline investigations like Complete Blood Count, Peripheral Blood Smear, Liver Function Test, Renal Function Test, Random Blood Sugar, HIV test, HBsAg test, Routine urine and Obstetric USG done in all patients. Result: Majority (66.5%) of the study participants belong to age group of 19-30 years. 26.4% participants were belonging to age group of greater than 31 years followed by teenage pregnancies constitute 6.8%. 56% of the study participants came to the hospital by their self and 44% of them by referral. Insignificant differences were observed between the still born and dead born babies. Most of the study population had anemia which was 76.3% followed by hypothyroidism (26.4%), Pre-eclampsia(26.2%), Eclampsia(17.6%), HIV(12.1%), GDM(10.4%), Postpartum Cardiomyopathy(9.2%), Malaria(8.7%), Asthma (8.4%), Epilepsy (7.3%), TB (5.5%), ITP (5.3%), Acute Renal failure (4.3%), Hyperthyroidism (4.2%), RHD(2.6%), MVP(2.3%), Portal hypertension (2.1%), DJ Stent(1.2%) and Mental disorders(0.8%).Maternal deaths were observed most in anemic and Eclampsia patients (33.3%) followed by Pre-eclampsia, Post-partum Cardiomyopathy (16.6%), ARF (8.3%). Conclusion: IEC programs should be conducted to increase the awareness on medical disorders and their simple preventive measures should be known.Health education regarding Danger signs and many national programmes which are playing major role in decreasing maternal and infant mortality should be given. Further research should be done in the area to know the knowledge of the mothers regarding the medical disorders affecting pregnancy. ER  - 
COMPARISON OF PROPOFOL AND THIOPENTONE FOR MODIFIED ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY$$$ Background: This study was designed to compare Thiopentone and Propofol for Modified Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in terms of hemodynamic stability, seizure activity & recovery profile. Materials and Methods: 30 consented patients took part in this study with every patient receiving a total of six treatments. It was a randomized crossover study with 15 patients receiving Thiopentone in the first three treatments and Propofol in the next three treatments, while the other 15 received Propofol in the first three treatments and Thiopentone in the next three treatments. Hemodynamic parameters recorded were systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure and pulse rate. Seizure activity was studied by seizure duration and quality of seizure in terms of tonus and clonus during seizure. Recovery was assessed by time for eye opening and time to sit unaided (both from the time of induction), quality of walking after 20 minutes of induction (graded on a five-point scale), and score in the questionnaire after thirty minutes of induction. Result: Pain on injection was the only side effect, significantly more with Propofol. The fall in blood pressure with induction was significant with both the agents. Increase in the blood pressure after ECT was also significant with both the drugs, but this rise was higher with Thiopentone. The increase in pulse rate was also significantly less with Propofol. The early return of hemodynamic variable towards the baseline values was significantly higher with Propofol. The mean duration of seizure in our study was 35.9 ± 2.1 secs with Thiopentone and 28.5 ± 2.25 with Propofol. Thus even though, Propofol was associated with a shorter duration of seizure as compared to Thiopentone, the resultant duration of seizure was significant for the therapeutic efficacy of ECT. There was no significant difference in the quality of seizure between the two drug groups. Comparison of recovery profile also did not reveal a significant difference between the two drug groups. Conclusion: We conclude that Propofol gives better hemodynamics, clinically significant seizure duration and similar recovery profile as compared to Thiopentone. ER  - 
A STUDY ON IN-HOSPITAL OUTCOME OF STROKE AND NIHSS SCORE AS A PREDICTOR OF VARIOUS PARAMETERS OF STROKE INCLUDING OUTCOME IN A TERTIARY CARE CENTRE$$$ Background: Stroke is the second largest contributor of mortality worldwide and the primary cause of disability among the elderly. Though India was ranked among the countries lacking sufficient stroke research data, some of the recent studies have elucidated the stroke pattern to considerable extent in our country. A study on various factors related directly or indirectly to stroke causation can help in effective management and prevention and use of a scoring tool that is easy to evaluate and can predict the outcome can help in change of course of treatment of stroke. So, this study aims to determine various parameters of stroke such as clinical presentation, risk factors, demography, calculation of NIHSS score and evaluating its effectiveness in predicting the outcome. Materials and Methods: This study is cross-sectional, observational, single centre study which included all patients of stroke fulfilling the inclusion criteria and admitted in the department of General Medicine, Dr. Susheela Tiwari Government Hospital associated with Government Medical College, Haldwani, Uttarakhand after taking approval from Institutional ethical committee. After taking informed and written consent, a detailed clinical history according to preset questionnaire and a detailed neurological examination of stroke patients was done. NIHSS score of the enrolled patients was first calculated at the time of admission and then at the time of discharge. Result: Total 124 eligible patients were taken. 78 were males and 46 were females with mean age 63.90±12.43. Limb weakness was the most common presenting symptom and systemic hypertension was the most common risk factor. Patients with alcohol consumption had significantly higher NIHSS score. Ischemic stroke was more common than haemorrhagic stroke. Mortality in haemorrhagic stroke patients was higher. Majority of the patients were discharged with home assistance. Risk of mortality significantly increased with higher NIHSS score. The NIHSS score in patients with posterior circulation stroke was higher than in anterior circulation stroke, with higher mortality in posterior circulation stroke. Similarly, NIHSS score, and mortality was more in infratentorial stroke than supratentorial stroke. Patients with moderate to severe NIHSS score had a longer duration of hospital stay. Conclusion: There are various modifiable factors which if controlled can prevent stroke or delay the occurrence or improve the outcome of stroke. NIHSS score and type of stroke is a valuable tool for predicting the mortality and morbidity in stroke patients. It is a simple tool which should be employed at each level of medical institutes which can help in prompt referral and thus better management of stroke. ER  - 
CLINICAL PROFILE OF PATIENTS WITH CONVERSION DISORDER: A CROSS-SECTIONAL STUDY$$$ Background: Conversion disorder is defined as a psychiatric illness whose symptoms or deficits, affecting voluntary motor or sensory function, cannot be explained by a neurological or general medical condition. It usually occurs as response to any stressful situation. We aimed to study socio-demographic and clinical profile and stressors among patients with conversion disorder. Materials and Methods: This descriptive, cross sectional hospital based study was conducted in the department of Psychiatry, a tertiary care centre of central India over a period of one year from January 2022 to December 2022. 146 patients of conversion disorder, from psychiatry OPD and IPD were enrolled for study. Result: A total of 146 patients of conversion disorder were studied. Majority of the participants (43.64%) were of 18-30 age groups. Female(62.88%) predominated, majority were from rural area (60.82%), low socio-economic class (38.48%), nuclear family (68.38%). 56.70% were married and nearly half (53.95%) were unemployed. The most common presenting symptom was hyperventilation or shortness of breath (25.08%) followed by fainting attacks or giddiness (21.99%) and pseudo seizure (19.9%). Most common stressors were school/ education related matters (27.14%) followed by marital issues (24.74%). Conclusion: Conversion disorder is common among young, married, female, from rural background and low socio-economic status with less education. Among them family history of psychiatry disorder, medical illness and psychiatry co-morbidities are also very common. Common presentation of illness as physical or neurological symptoms and frequent, multiple consultations suggest possible lack of insight, chronicity and also lack of awareness about the illness resulting in stigma among general public as well as medical personnel. Less understanding of conversion symptoms can lead to multiple consultations, unnecessary investigations and referrals putting a strain on family, finance and also on our limited health resources. ER  - 
Prognostic Factors for Survival in Pediatric Diffuse Midline Gliomas: The Importance of T2 FLAIR Missmatch Sign and Nimotuzumab Therapy$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study is to investigate the clinical and radiological features, especially the importance of the T2-FLAIR mismatch sign and the response to treatment of patients diagnosed with diffuse midline gliomas (DMG) in our center. Methods: Eighteen patients treated with a diagnosis of DMG between January 2008 and January 2021 in Gazi University Medical Faculty, Department of Pediatric Oncology were retrospectively evaluated. The radiologycal evaluation was made as T2-FLAIR mismatch sign positive or negative. After a tumor board review, the diagnosis of DMG was made clinically and radiologically and all patients received local radiotherapy. Nimotuzumab was given as monotherapy or in combination with other medications Results: T2-FLAIR mismatch sign was positive for twelve patients and median OS for patients with T2-FLAIR mismatch positive and negative were 12.5 months and 9.2 months respectively (p=0.77). Median PFS for patients with T2-FLAIR mismatch sign positive and negative were 10.6 months and 4.8 months respectively (p=0.84). After nimotuzumab therapy, there was 4 cases with PR (44.4%), and 1 patient with SD (11.1%). Median OS for patients who were treated with and without nimotuzumab were 16.5 and 6.2 months respectively (p<0.05). Median PFS for patients who were treated with and without nimotuzumab were 13.3 and 3.7 months respectively (p<0.05). Conclusion: In conclusion, DMGs have poor prognosis. In our study patients with T2-FLAIR mismatch sign positive had better prognosis so it can be used as an imaging marker for prognosis. Nimotuzumab therapy may be a promising treatment option for DMG. ER  - 
Severity and outcomes of admissions for gamma hydroxy-butyrate disorders before and after COVID-19 pandemic restrictions in South Western Sydney$$$ Background: Dependence on gamma-hydroxybutyrate (GHB) is an emerging substance use disorder which can be life-threatening in overdose and withdrawal. The aim of this study was to describe rising GHB-related hospitalizations amidst the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Methods: A retrospective consecutive case series of adults admitted to hospitals in South Western Sydney Local Health District was identified with clinical coding of GHB-related disorder between March 20 2019 and March 20 2021. Morbidity outcomes and multivariable Kaplan–Meier survival analysis on length of hospital stay were described. Results: Sixty-nine of 84 included admissions, (82%) occurred in the 12 months following COVID-19 related border closure. Of 47 admissions for withdrawal, fifteen of 47 (32%) required intensive care, 6 (13%) intubation, 4 (9%) one-to-one ward observation, and 8 (17%) emergency calls for agitated delirium, fall, or seizure. Five cofactors were associated with longer hospital stay in the multivariable analysis: age 30 or older (p <.05), 6 months of regular GHB use (p <.01), and elective admission (p <.05), and diagnosis of psychosis rather than withdrawal (p <.05) or overdose (p <.001). Conclusions: Development of a validated GHB withdrawal severity scale based on these risk factors could help identify patients requiring close monitoring for complicated withdrawal and escalation of care. ER  - 
Sexual disorders among temporal lobe epilepsy patients pre- and post-surgery$$$ Objective: to investigate sexual disorders (SDs) in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) both before and after undergoing various temporal lobe operative procedures. Material and methods. A retrospective andrological and sexologic study was conducted, utilizing catamnesis data. Multiple examination methods were employed, including semen and prostatic fluid analysis, Decourt–Dumic sperm morphotype analysis, vegetative tests, Shcherbak thermoregulation reflex examination, ultraviolet erythema test, sugar curve analysis, and electroencephalography. The study assessed the results of surgical treatment and long-term catamnesis for 120 TLE patients who had undergone various temporal lobe operative procedures (TLPs), with ages at the time of surgery ranging from 4.5 to 47 years. Among them, 82 patients (41 males and 41 females) in the main group reported complaints of SDs, representing 100% for all calculations. Results. Hypersexuality and sexual perversions were most prevalent among patients with severe mental disorders. Following TLPs, patients with mild mental disorders and cessation of epileptic seizures (EPs) experienced regression in 83.6% of SD cases. Conversely, among patients with severe mental disorders, SDs regressed in 45% of cases after TLPs. Encouraging outcomes were observed in patients with hypersexuality, which was ameliorated after the cessation of EPs, with a catamnesis period ranging from 17 to 24 years. Conclusion. This study, conducted in real-world clinical settings, supports the recommendation of surgical treatment for TLE patients with mild mental disorders. In the majority of cases, the cessation or reduction of EPs following TLPs leads to improvements in TLE manifestations, including the patient's mental state, SDs, and social adaptation. ER  - 
Study of the Epidemiology of Deaths in Paediatric Intensive Care Unit at Tertiary Care Hospital in India.$$$ The Paediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU) is a specialized healthcare setting that provides critical care to children who are seriously ill or injured. Despite the advances in medical technology and the availability of specialized care, mortality remains a significant concern among critically ill children admitted to the PICU. Therefore, studying the epidemiology of deaths in the PICU is of great importance. To study the epidemiology of children’s death admitted to the PICU of KIMS hospital, Bangalore. Retrospective data were collected from 51 children aged 1 month to 18 years who expired while under care in PICU of the study institution during 42 months (April 2017- July 2022). The data were collected from the institution’s PICU. The study variables included were age, sex, and details of diagnosis including primary disease, co-morbidities and cause of death. Master chart was prepared and analysed using IBM Statistical Package for Social Science (SPSS version 21). The summary statistics for categorical variables are reported using frequency and percentage and continuous variables as mean (SD). A total of 51 deaths were documented during the study period from the total of 1500 admissions. The Mortality rate of children admitted to PICU was 1.8 %. The mortality patterns were acute GE with severe dehydration with refractory shock, sepsis with MODS, post cardiorespiratory arrest status revived and referred from outside secondary to hepatitis, pulmonary haemorrhage secondary to ARDS, respiratory depression with status epilepticus secondary to temporomesial sclerosis with mods. The mean age of children who died in PICU for a period of 42 months was 8 years. Among the 50 deaths male ratio was high when compared to the female ratio. Sepsis was a common condition found in both sexes. In this study, the prevalence of pulmonary haemorrhage secondary to ARDS was high in males and acute GE with severe dehydration with refractory shock was high in females. ER  - 
A STUDY OF ANTINEUTROPHIL CYTOPLASMIC ANTIBODY PROFILE IN SYSTEMIC LUPUS ERYTHEMATOSUS PATIENTS WITH REFERENCE TO DISEASE ACTIVITY AND ORGAN INVOLVEMENT$$$ Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is characterized by a diverse array of clinical presentations, warranting comprehensive analyses to decipher the potential correlations between disease activity scores, complement levels, and autoantibodies prevalence. Methods: In this cross-sectional study spanning a period of 12 months, we investigated the correlation between disease activity, hypocomplementemia, and various autoantibodies in 200 patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) at a tertiary healthcare center. Utilizing various clinical and laboratory markers, we aimed to construct a detailed understanding of the disease patterns and manifestations, which might foster more precise management and intervention strategies for individuals afflicted with SLE. Results: A significant segment of the study population showcased moderate to high disease activity, with 37.50% displaying SLEDAI scores between 11-20. A notable correlation was observed between low complement C3 levels and the presence of dsDNA antibodies (77.7%). Moreover, the presence of anti-dsDNA was significantly associated with higher disease activity scores, reaffirmed by a p-value of 0.007. Conclusion: The findings underscore the pivotal role of complement levels and specific autoantibodies as potential markers for monitoring disease activity in SLE patients. These parameters could potentially guide the development of personalized therapeutic strategies, fostering improved management of SLE. ER  - 
Phase II trial of concurrent sunitinib, temozolomide, and radiotherapy with adjuvant temozolomide for newly diagnosed MGMT unmethylated glioblastoma$$$ Background: The overall prognosis of glioblastoma (GBM) remains dismal, particularly for patients with unmethylated O6-methylguanine-DNA-methyltransferase (MGMT) promoter. In this phase II trial, we tested the combination of the antiangiogenic agent sunitinib with radiotherapy and temozolomide (TMZ) for newly diagnosed unmethylated MGMT GBM patients. Methods: We enrolled 37 patients with unmethylated MGMT promoter GBM, age 18-70, and KPS ≥70. Patients received 12.5 mg of daily sunitinib for 7 days, followed by concurrent chemoradiation plus 12.5 mg sunitinib, then adjuvant TMZ. The primary endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS), and secondary endpoints were overall survival (OS), safety, and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) biomarker. Results: At a median follow-up time of 15.3 months (range: 3.1-71.3 months), the median PFS was 7.15 months (95% CI: 5.4-10.5) and the 6-month PFS was 54.0%. Median OS was 15.0 months (95% CI: 13.8-19.4) and 2-year OS rate was 17.1%. Patients receiving >3 cycles of adjuvant TMZ, undergoing surgery at progression, and presenting a post-concurrent NLR ≤6 experienced a significant improved OS with hazard ratios of 0.197 (P = .001), 0.46 (P = .049), and 0.38 (P = .021), respectively, on multivariable analysis. Age >65 years predicted for worse OS with hazard ratio of 3.92 (P = .037). Grade ≥3 thrombocytopenia occurred in 22.9%, grade ≥3 neutropenia in 20%, and grade ≥3 thromboembolic events in 14.3% of patients. There were no grade 5 events. Conclusion: Our findings suggest a potential benefit of combining sunitinib with chemoradiation in newly diagnosed GBM patients with unmethylated MGMT status and provide a strong rationale to test this combination in future studies. ER  - 
Duration of Prophylactic Levetiracetam After Surgery for Brain Tumor: A Prospective Randomized Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Levetiracetam is commonly used as a prophylactic antiseizure medication in patients undergoing surgical resection of brain tumors. OBJECTIVE: To quantitate side effects experienced in patients treated with 1 week vs 6 weeks of prophylactic levetiracetam using validated measures for neurotoxicity and depression. METHODS: Patients undergoing surgical resection of a supratentorial tumor with no seizure history were randomized within 48 hours of surgery to receive prophylactic levetiracetam for the duration of either 1 or 6 weeks. Patients were given oral levetiracetam extended release 1000 mg during the first part of this study. Owing to drug backorder, patients enrolled later in this study received levetiracetam 500 mg BID. The primary outcome was the change in the neurotoxicity score 6 weeks after drug initiation. The secondary outcome was seizure incidence. RESULTS: A total of 81 patients were enrolled and randomized to 1 week (40 patients) or 6 weeks (41 patients) of prophylactic levetiracetam treatment. The neurotoxicity score slightly improved in the overall cohort between baseline and reassessment. There was no significant difference between groups in neurotoxicity or depression scores. Seizure incidence was low in the entire cohort of patients with 1 patient in each arm experiencing a seizure during the follow-up period. CONCLUSION: The use of prophylactic levetiracetam did not result in significant neurotoxicity or depression when given for either 1 week or 6 weeks. The incidence of seizure after craniotomy for tumor resection is low regardless of duration of therapy. ER  - 
Hippocampal ΔFosB expression is associated with cognitive impairment in a subgroup of patients with childhood epilepsies$$$ Epilepsy is a chronic neurological disorder characterized by recurrent seizures, and is often comorbid with other neurological and neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease (AD). Patients with recurrent seizures often present with cognitive impairment. However, it is unclear how seizures, even when infrequent, produce long-lasting deficits in cognition. One mechanism may be seizure-induced expression of ΔFosB, a long-lived transcription factor that persistently regulates expression of plasticity-related genes and drives cognitive dysfunction. We previously found that, compared with cognitively-intact subjects, the activity-dependent expression of ΔFosB in the hippocampal dentate gyrus (DG) was increased in individuals with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and in individuals with AD. In MCI patients, higher ΔFosB expression corresponded to lower Mini-Mental State Examination scores. Surgically resected DG tissue from patients with temporal lobe epilepsy also showed robust ΔFosB expression; however, it is unclear whether ΔFosB expression also corresponds to cognitive dysfunction in non-AD-related epilepsy. To test whether DG ΔFosB expression is indicative of cognitive impairment in epilepsies with different etiologies, we assessed ΔFosB expression in surgically-resected hippocampal tissue from 33 patients with childhood epilepsies who had undergone Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children (WISC) testing prior to surgery. We found that ΔFosB expression is inversely correlated with Full-Scale Intelligence Quotient (FSIQ) in patients with mild to severe intellectual disability (FSIQ < 85). Our data indicate that ΔFosB expression corresponds to cognitive impairment in epilepsies with different etiologies, supporting the hypothesis that ΔFosB may epigenetically regulate gene expression and impair cognition across a wide range of epilepsy syndromes. ER  - 
The economic impact of cannabis use disorder and dementia diagnosis in veterans diagnosed with traumatic brain injury$$$ Background: Studies have demonstrated that individuals diagnosed with traumatic brain injury (TBI) frequently use medical and recreational cannabis to treat persistent symptoms of TBI, such as chronic pain and sleep disturbances, which can lead to cannabis use disorder (CUD). We aimed to determine the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) healthcare utilization and costs associated with CUD and dementia diagnosis in veterans with TBI. Methods: This observational study used administrative datasets from the population of post-9/11 veterans from the Long-term Impact of Military-Relevant Brain Injury Consortium-Chronic Effects of Neurotrauma Consortium and the VA Data Warehouse. We compared the differential VHA costs among the following cohorts of veterans: (1) No dementia diagnosis and No CUD group, (2) Dementia diagnosis only (Dementia only), (3) CUD only, and (4) comorbid dementia diagnosis and CUD (Dementia and CUD). Generalized estimating equations and negative binomial regression models were used to estimate total annual costs (inflation-adjusted) and the incidence rate of healthcare utilization, respectively, by dementia diagnosis and CUD status. Results: Data from 387,770 veterans with TBI (88.4% men; median [interquartile range (IQR)] age at the time of TBI: 30 [14] years; 63.5% white) were followed from 2000 to 2020. Overall, we observed a trend of gradually increasing healthcare costs 5 years after TBI onset. Interestingly, in this cohort of veterans within 5 years of TBI, we observed substantial healthcare costs in the Dementia only group (peak = $46,808) that were not observed in the CUD and dementia group. Relative to those without either condition, the annual total VHA costs were $3,368 higher in the CUD only group, while no significant differences were observed in the Dementia only and Dementia and CUD groups. Discussion: The findings suggest that those in the Dementia only group might be getting their healthcare needs met more quickly and within 5 years of TBI diagnosis, whereas veterans in the Dementia and CUD group are not receiving early care, resulting in higher long-term healthcare costs. Further investigations should examine what impact the timing of dementia and CUD diagnoses have on specific categories of inpatient and outpatient care in VA and community care facilities. ER  - 
Central Nervous System-related Conditions and Associated Healthcare Resource Use Among Japanese nmCRPC Patients Based on Retrospective Claims Data$$$ Background: Japanese patients with prostate cancer are typically treated with primary androgen deprivation therapy (ADT), most commonly administered as a combination of a luteinizing hormone- releasing hormone (LHRH) agonist and an antiandrogen (AA). Since LHRH agonists and AA therapy can be maintained for several years, the long-term effects of these treatments on patients must be carefully considered, including the risk of concomitant central nervous system (CNS) conditions which could affect treatment choices. Objective: To describe CNS-related concomitant conditions during ADT and/or AA treatment and the subsequent healthcare resource utilization in Japanese nonmetastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (nmCRPC) patients. Methods: Patients diagnosed with nmCRPC and CNS-related conditions while on ADT and/or AA therapy between April 2009 and August 2017 were retrospectively followed up for a maximum of 2 years using a claims database. Results: A total of 455 patients (average age, 78.5 years), were included. The 3 most common concomitant CNS-related conditions were pain (∼60% of events), insomnia (∼30%), and headache (2%- 3%). The frequency of CNS-related conditions in these patients increased approximately threefold after starting AA therapy (before, 969 events; after, 2802). On average, a patient had 10 episodes of concomitant CNS-related conditions in a year. Medical costs did not significantly increase due to CNS-related conditions. Discussion: The most frequently reported CNS-related conditions were pain, insomnia, and headaches. Furthermore, more concomitant CNS-related conditions 1 year after CRPC diagnosis and 1 year after starting AA treatment were recorded. Conclusion: Patients with nmCRPC experience an increase in the frequency of concomitant CNS-related conditions, including pain, insomnia, and headaches, after CRPC diagnosis or starting AA treatment. Future research should explore the causes of this increased frequency. ER  - 
Perampanel Monotherapy for Focal and Generalized Epilepsy in Clinical Practice$$$ Objectives. To investigate the effectiveness, safety, and tolerability of perampanel (PER) when used as monotherapy to treat focal or generalized epilepsy in everyday clinical practice, using data from the PERMIT study. Methods. PERMIT was a pooled analysis of 44 real-world studies from 17 countries, in which people with focal and generalized epilepsy were treated with PER. This post hoc analysis included people with epilepsy (PWE) from PERMIT who were treated with PER monotherapy at baseline. Retention and effectiveness were assessed after 3, 6, and 12 months. Effectiveness assessments included ≥50% responder rate and seizure freedom rate (no seizures since at least the prior visit). Safety and tolerability were assessed by evaluating adverse events (AEs) and discontinuation due to AEs. Results. Overall, 268 PWE were treated with PER monotherapy at baseline. Retention was assessed for 168 PWE, effectiveness for 183 PWE, and safety and tolerability for 197 PWE. Retention rates were 91.1%, 87.3%, and 73.3% at 3, 6, and 12 months, respectively. At 12 months, responder rates were 84.2% overall, 82.9% in PWE with only focal-onset seizures at baseline, and 88.0% in those with only generalized-onset seizures at baseline; corresponding freedom rates were 62.9%, 57.7%, and 80.0%, respectively. AEs were reported for 45.2% of PWE. The most frequently reported AEs (≥5% of PWE) were dizziness/vertigo (16.8%), irritability (11.2%), somnolence (9.1%), and depression (6.6%). Over 12 months, 13.7% discontinued due to AEs. Conclusions. PER was effective when used as monotherapy in clinical practice, particularly in those with generalized-onset seizures, and was generally well tolerated. ER  - 
Theta/beta ratio in EEG correlated with attentional capacity assessed by Conners Continuous Performance Test in children with ADHD$$$ Introduction: Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a prevalent neurodevelopmental disorder affecting children worldwide; however, diagnosing ADHD remains a complex task. Theta/beta ratio (TBR) derived from electroencephalography (EEG) recordings has been proposed as a potential biomarker for ADHD, but its effectiveness in children with ADHD remains controversial. Behavioral assessments, such as the Conners Continuous Performance Test–3rd edition (CPT-3), have been utilized to assess attentional capacity in individuals with ADHD. This study aims to investigate the correlation between TBR and CPT-3 scores in children and adolescents with ADHD. Methods: In a retrospective analysis, we examined patients regularly monitored for ADHD at Taipei Tzu Chi Hospital, who underwent both EEG and CPT-3 assessments. Severity of ADHD was evaluated using parent- and teacher-completed Swanson, Nolan, and Pelham (SNAP)-IV rating scales. Results: The study encompassed 55 ADHD patients (41 with abnormal CPT-3 scores, 14 with normal CPT-3 scores) and 45 control subjects. TBR demonstrated elevation in ADHD patients with abnormal CPT-3 scores, indicating its potential to represent attentional capacity akin to behavioral assessments like CPT-3. However, significant correlations between TBR values and CPT-3 variables or SNAP-IV rating scales were not observed. Moreover, TBR values exhibited considerable overlap across the groups, leading to diminished sensitivity and negative predictive value as a potential neurophysiological ADHD biomarker. Discussion: While our study underscores the utility of both TBR and CPT-3 in assessing attentional capacity, their sensitivity in diagnosing ADHD is limited. A comprehensive evaluation, integrating clinical expertise, parental input, and detailed neuropsychometric tests, remains pivotal for a thorough and precise diagnosis of ADHD. ER  - 
Autoimmune Encephalitis Misdiagnosis in Adults$$$ IMPORTANCE Autoimmune encephalitis misdiagnosis can lead to harm. OBJECTIVE To determine the diseases misdiagnosed as autoimmune encephalitis and potential reasons for misdiagnosis. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS This retrospective multicenter study took place from January 1, 2014, to December 31, 2020, at autoimmune encephalitis subspecialty outpatient clinics including Mayo Clinic (n = 44), University of Oxford (n = 18), University of Texas Southwestern (n = 18), University of California, San Francisco (n = 17), Washington University in St Louis (n = 6), and University of Utah (n = 4). Inclusion criteria were adults (age ≥18 years) with a prior autoimmune encephalitis diagnosis at a participating center or other medical facility and a subsequent alternative diagnosis at a participating center. A total of 393 patients were referred with an autoimmune encephalitis diagnosis, and of those, 286 patients with true autoimmune encephalitis were excluded. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Data were collected on clinical features, investigations, fulfillment of autoimmune encephalitis criteria, alternative diagnoses, potential contributors to misdiagnosis, and immunotherapy adverse reactions. RESULTS A total of 107 patients were misdiagnosed with autoimmune encephalitis, and 77 (72%) did not fulfill diagnostic criteria for autoimmune encephalitis. The median (IQR) age was 48 (35.5-60.5) years and 65 (61%) were female. Correct diagnoses included functional neurologic disorder (27 [25%]), neurodegenerative disease (22 [20.5%]), primary psychiatric disease (19 [18%]), cognitive deficits from comorbidities (11 [10%]), cerebral neoplasm (10 [9.5%]), and other (18 [17%]). Onset was acute/subacute in 56 (52%) or insidious (>3 months) in 51 (48%). Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain was suggestive of encephalitis in 19 of 104 patients (18%) and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) pleocytosis occurred in 16 of 84 patients (19%). Thyroid peroxidase antibodies were elevated in 24 of 62 patients (39%). Positive neural autoantibodies were more frequent in serum than CSF (48 of 105 [46%] vs 7 of 91 [8%]) and included 1 or more of GAD65 (n = 14), voltage-gated potassium channel complex (LGI1 and CASPR2 negative) (n = 10), N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor by cell-based assay only (n = 10; 6 negative in CSF), and other (n = 18). Adverse reactions from immunotherapies occurred in 17 of 84 patients (20%). Potential contributors to misdiagnosis included overinterpretation of positive serum antibodies (53 [50%]), misinterpretation of functional/psychiatric, or nonspecific cognitive dysfunction as encephalopathy (41 [38%]). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE When evaluating for autoimmune encephalitis, a broad differential diagnosis should be considered and misdiagnosis occurs in many settings including at specialized centers. In this study, red flags suggesting alternative diagnoses included an insidious onset, positive nonspecific serum antibody, and failure to fulfill autoimmune encephalitis diagnostic criteria. Autoimmune encephalitis misdiagnosis leads to morbidity from unnecessary immunotherapies and delayed treatment of the correct diagnosis. ER  - 
Limited number of spine surgeons among recipients of National Institutes of Health grants awarded for degenerative spine disease research$$$ OBJECTIVE Surgeon scientists remain underrepresented among recipients of National Institutes of Health (NIH) grants despite their unique ability to perform translational research. This study elucidates the portfolio of NIH grants awarded for degenerative spine diseases and the role of spine surgeons in this portfolio. METHODS The most common diagnoses and surgical procedures for degenerative spine diseases were queried on the NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools Expenditures and Results (RePORTER) database (2011-2021). Total NIH funding was extracted for 20 additional clinical areas and compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) were calculated. A retrospective cohort study of principal investigators (PIs) was conducted. NIH grants and funding totals were extracted and compared to those from other clinical areas. RESULTS The total NIH research budget increased from $31 to $43 billion over the 10-year period (CAGR 3.4%). A total of 273 unique grants equaling $91 million (CAGR 0%) were awarded for degenerative spine diseases. Diabetes ($11.8 billion, CAGR 0%), obesity ($10.6 billion, CAGR 3%), and chronic pain ($5.6 billion, CAGR 7%) received the most funding. Most NIH funding for degenerative spine disease research was awarded through the R01 (66%) and R44 (8%) grant mechanisms. The National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases awarded the most NIH funding (64%). Departments of orthopedic surgery were awarded the most funding (32%). NIH funding supported clinical (28%), translational (37%), and basic science (35%) research. Disease mechanisms (58%), imaging modalities (20%), and emerging technologies (16%) received the most funding. Nineteen spine surgeons were identified as PIs (16%). There were no significant differences in NIH funding totals by PI demographic and academic characteristics (p > 0.05)-except for full professors, who had the most NIH funding (p = 0.007) and highest h-index values (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS Few spine surgeons receive NIH grants for degenerative spine disease research. Future opportunities may exist for spine surgeons to collaborate in identified areas of clinical interest. Additional strategies are needed to increase NIH funding in spine surgery. ER  - 
A STUDY TO ASSESS THE PREVALANCE OF ANXIETY SYMPTOMS IN PATIENTS WITH EPILEPSY$$$ Background: Epilepsy is the third most common neurological disorder in adults after Alzhiemer’s disease and stroke. Psychological problems have been reported in association with epilepsy since antiquity. To study the prevalence of anxiety symptoms in patients with epilepsy. Materials and Methods: Cross-Sectional study of epileptic patients attending psychiatry OP department from 01.07.2022 to 30.07.2023. Result: Results showed high psychiatric morbidity especially depression and anxiety can occur co-morbidly in patients with epilepsy. Anxiety symptoms were significantly correlated with female, sex, occupation, education status and also with frequency of seizures per month. Conclusion: Anxiety symptoms were found to be positively correlated to the duration of seizures and frequency of seizures per month. Anxiety symptoms were found to be significantly commoner in females. Education was found to have a protective effect as far as anxiety in epileptics was concerned. Anxiety was also found less frequently amongst the students. ER  - 
A prospective post-marketing observational study of brivaracetam in people with focal epilepsy$$$ We evaluated the effectiveness and tolerability of brivaracetam, an adjunctive anti-seizure 23 medication, as a treatment for focal epilepsy in adults. In this prospective study, we enrolled 51 24 participants from three sites across Canada. At 6 months, 68% (26/38) of participants were still 25 taking brivaracetam, among whom 35% (8/23) attained seizure freedom and 48% (11/23) saw 26 their seizure frequency reduced by over 50%. We did not measure any significant change in 27 irritability, quality of life, depression and anxiety while treated with brivaracetam. Our findings 28 suggest brivaracetam is effective in reducing seizure frequency among adults with focal epilepsy. ER  - 
Exploring the TRP channel superfamily: research hotspots and development trends from function to disease$$$ OBJECTIVE: Transient receptor potential (TRP) channels are a superfamily of permeable cation channels activated by various mechanisms and play a role in nearly all types of sensory signal transduction. In academia, few have comprehensively discussed the research status of TRP channels. This study aims to summarize the knowledge structure and research hotspots of TRP channels using bibliometrics. MATERIALS AND METHODS: TRP channel-related publications from 2003 to 2022 were searched in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database. VOSviewer was used for the bibliometric analysis of the literature. RESULTS: We included 12,242 articles from 102 countries, primarily from the United States, China, and Japan. Our research indicates that the number of publications related to TRP channels has increased annually from 2003 to 2022. The leading research institutions are KU Leuven, Harvard University, and the Chinese University of Hong Kong. The Journal of Biological Chemistry is the foremost in this field. The main research topics include the structure and function of TRP channels, their role in pathogenesis, and potential therapeutic strategies for diseases such as pain and respiratory diseases. Among these, “transient receptor potential vanilloid 1 (TRPV1)”, “transient receptor potential ankyrin 1 (TRPA1)”, “TRPV4”, “pain”, and “therapy” are emerging research hotspots. CONCLUSIONS: This study offers a comprehensive summary of the current research status and development trends of TRP channels and pinpoints the research hotspots in this field. It not only aids individuals interested in TRP channel-related research in quickly gauging the trends but may also guide the future research directions of researchers. ER  - 
The treatment method and effect of chronic diabetic wounds of lower limbs in elderly patients with comorbidities$$$ Objective To explore the treatment method and clinical effect of chronic diabetic wounds of lower limbs in elderly patients with comorbidities. Methods The clinical data of elderly comorbid patients with chronic diabetic wounds of lower limbs admitted to Chongming Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai University of Medicine &. Health Sciences from December 2019 to November 2022 were retrospectively analyzed. Multidisciplinary consultation and comprehensive evaluation were conducted for the patient before surgery and the indicators related to the underlying disease were also adjusted to the safe range for surgery. The wound secretions were taken in time for bacterial culture and drug sensitivity test, and the wound was treated with dressing change and other standardized treatments. According to the location, shape, size and depth of the lower limb wound defect, as well as the infection degree, duration of infection, and extent of surrounding skin damage, debridement, vacuum sealing drainage, tension-reduced suture, skin or flap transplantation, limb (toe) amputation and other method were selected for treatment. After surgery, the prevention and control of the comorbidities of the elderly and nursing management were continued, and the wound healing was observed. According to the evaluation criteria of flap swelling at grade 4 (increased from grade I to grade IV), the swelling degree of the lower leg and dorsum of the foot was evaluated in the early stage (3 to 12 weeks) and the later stage (13 to 52 weeks) . At the last followup, according to the evaluation criteria of the ankle joint wound repair, the curative effect was comprehensively evaluated (excellent, good, general, poor), and the satisfaction evaluation (satisfied, general, unsatisfied) was also conducted. Results A total of 85 patients were included, of which 41 were males and 44 were females; the age ranged from 65 to 93 years, with a mean of 71.4 years. Comorbidities of the elderly include hypertension, coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular accident, renal insufficiency, diabetes, tumor, gout, senile dementia, senile neurasthenia, sleep disorders, malnutrition, epilepsy, urinary incontinence, delirium, depression, etc. The wound duration ranged from 6 months to 15 years. The depth of the wound reached muscle or bone, and the defect area ranged form 3. 5 cmX2. 5 cm to 22. 0 cmX 10. 5 cm. All 85 patients had positive bacterial cultures of wound secretions. Drug sensitivity test results: 72 cases were sensitive, 10 cases were intermediate, and 3 cases were completely resistant. Clinical medication was based on the drug sensitivity test result and the principles of antibiotic use. For the 3 resistant cases, nutrition, support and other treatments to enhance immunity were given, and the local wound was dressed with 0. 45% - 0. 55% iodophor. Among the 85 cases, 65 were treated with vacuum sealing drainage, 10 patients were treated with tension-reduced suture, 19 were treated with full-thickness skin graft, and 21 were treated with local flap transfer, 20 were repaired by perforator pedicle flap, and 15 underwent amputation (toe) . The follow-up period was 6 to 36 months, with an average of 12. 5 months. Wound healed by primary intention in 57 cases; delayed healing in 21 cases, wound healed after dressing change or surgical repair; wound not healed in 7 cases, wound completely healed after amputation (toe) or other surgical treatment. Evaluation of the degree of swelling in the lower leg and dorsum of the foot: 18 cases of grade I, 47 cases of grade H, 15 cases of grade IE, and 5 cases of grade IV in the early stage; 62 cases of grade I, 18 cases of grade II, and 5 cases of grade HI in the later stage. Comprehensive evaluation of the therapeutic effect; 23 cases were excellent, 45 cases were good, 16 cases were general, and 1 case was poor, with an excellent-good rate of 80%. Satisfaction evaluation; 78 cases were satisfied, 7 cases were general, and the satisfaction rate was 91. 8%. Conclusion Generalist clinical thinking and multidisciplinary collaborative model are important strategies for treating chronic diabetic wounds of lower limbs in elderly patients with comorbidities. By controlling infection with antibiotics and dressing changes, and using reconstructive surgery techniques to repair the wound, the wound healing rate can be improved and satisfactory treatment outcomes can be achieved. ER  - 
A Retrospective Assessment of the Acute Disseminated Encephalomyelitis in Children: An Observational Study$$$ Aim: The aim of the present study was to assess acute disseminated encephalomyelitis in children. Material & Methods: A retrospectively evaluated 20 consecutive children with ADEM and adolescents at the Department of Paediatrics for the duration of 12 months. All children had been diagnosed using reliable clinical, laboratory, and neuroimaging techniques according to the International Pediatric Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Study Group criteria. Results: There were 20 children admitted with the diagnosis of ADEM during the study period. They included 16 (80%) girls and 4 (20%) boys. 4 children were below the age of three years, 8 children in the 3-6 year age group and 8 children in the 6-12 year age group. The youngest was a six-month-old infant. All of them had first episode of the illness. The common presenting symptoms were fever, vomiting, headache, gait disturbance and generalized seizures. Neurological manifestations included altered sensorium, multiple cranial nerve involvement, quadriplegia and paraplegia, dystonia and choreiform movements, nystagmus, bladder involvement (both incontinence and retention), speech defect and double vision. Facial nerve was the most common cranial nerve involved. Both LMN and UMN facial palsy occurred. Psychological manifestations included aggressive behavior, emotional liability, and irritable, elated or depressed mood. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was done in all children. The area involved in the majority of children was the parietal lobe. Lesions were noted in the subcortical white matter, mid brain, pons, corpus callosum, basal ganglia, medulla and cerebellum. One third of children had spinal cord involvement. Conclusion: Despite the serious neuropsychiatric manifestations, ADEM in children generally has a good outcome. Children with ADEM need long-term follow up for cognitive impairments and emotional problems. Clinical presentation of ADEM in the present sample is comparable to previous studies except for the female preponderance. Further studies are required to analyze the reason for this female preponderance. ER  - 
A Retrospective Assessment of the Outcome of Repair and Resection of the Occipital Encephalocele: A Hospital-Based Assessment$$$ Aim: The aim of this study was to find the outcome of repair and resection of the occipital encephalocele. Material & methods: A retrospective study of 50 exclusively occipital encephalocele patients was conducted in between the duration of 2 years at the Department of Neurosurgery and Paediatric Surgery, IGIMS, Patna, Bihar, India The medical records of all operated cases of occipital encephalocele were reviewed, and relevant data such as age, sex, location of encephalocele, the size of the lesion, operative method, seizure, and hydrocephalus along with postoperative complications were recorded for analysis. Results: Of 50 patients, 17 were males and 33 females. The average age of the patients at the time of presentation was 2.4 months, ranging (4 days to 1.33 years). Most of the patients 56% belonged to 3 months age followed by 28% in 3-6 months age group. All patients presented with swelling on the head just after birth. A visible mass was situated in either the occipital (supratorcular or infratorcular). Any overlying skin varied from a thick and wrinkled to a thin or shiny covering. 16 patients (32%) presented with enlarged head circumference with associated hydrocephalus and 3 patients (6%) diagnosed with Dandy–Walker cyst. 3 (6%) patients were suspected developmental delay and mental disorders. 30 (15%) patients also had seizure. 8 (16%) patients admitted with the complication of sac rupture with cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leakage, 2 (4%) patients having rupture of sac after the admission and 2 (4%) patients admitted with the complaint of haemorrhage from the thin and shiny covering skin of the sac. Postoperatively, only 4 (2%) patients had CSF leakage from the repaired wound. 3 (6%) patients developed Hydrocephalus after the repair of protrude sac. Conclusion: Encephalocele is commonly seen in the practice of neurosurgery in the world. Modern neuroimaging, neurosurgical techniques, and neonatal neurological intensive care have greatly improved morbidity and mortality in the care of encephalocele. ER  - 
A Retrospective Assessment of the Outcome of Repair and Resection of the Occipital Encephalocele: An Observational Study$$$ Aim: The aim of this study was to find the outcome of repair and resection of the occipital encephalocele. Material & methods: A retrospective study of 200 exclusively occipital encephalocele patients was conducted in between the duration of 2 years at the Department of Neurosurgery, Medical College Trivandrum Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India. The medical records of all operated cases of occipital encephalocele were reviewed, and relevant data such as age, sex, location of encephalocele, the size of the lesion, operative method, seizure, and hydrocephalus along with postoperative complications were recorded for analysis. Results: of 200 patients, 72 were males and 128 females. The average age of the patients at the time of presentation was 2.6 months, ranging (4 days to 1.33 years). Most of the patients 56% belonged to 3 months age followed by 27% in 3-6 months age group. All patients presented with swelling on the head just after birth. A visible mass was situated in either the occipital (supratorcular or infratorcular). Any overlying skin varied from a thick and wrinkled to a thin or shiny covering. 70 patients (35%) presented with enlarged head circumference with associated hydrocephalus and 8 patients (4%) diagnosed with Dandy–Walker cyst. 8 (4%) patients were suspected developmental delay and mental disorders. 30 (15%) patients also had seizure. 36 (18%) patients admitted with the complication of sac rupture with cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leakage, 4 (2%) patients having rupture of sac after the admission and 4 (2%) patients admitted with the complaint of haemorrhage from the thin and shiny covering skin of the sac. Postoperatively, only 4 (2%) patients had CSF leakage from the repaired wound. 12 (6%) patients developed Hydrocephalus after the repair of protrude sac. Conclusion: Encephalocele is commonly seen in the practice of neurosurgery in the world. Modern neuroimaging, neurosurgical techniques, and neonatal neurological intensive care have greatly improved morbidity and mortality in the care of encephalocele. ER  - 
Basal Ganglia Calcification Due to Mineralizing Lenticulostriate Vasculopathy in Children Without Stroke Presentation$$$ Background: Basal ganglia calcification due to mineralizing lenticulostriate vasculopathy has recently been recognized in infants and young children presenting with basal ganglia stroke after minor head trauma. There is little information regarding its occurrence in children outside stroke presentation. Materials and Methods: This study is a retrospective chart review of children with basal ganglia calcification due to mineralizing lenticulostriate vasculopathy but with non-stroke presentation. Results: Fifteen children, 11 boys, and 4 girls, aged from 3 months to 16 years met the inclusion criteria. Five children were under 2 years of age, 6 between 2.5 and 9 years, and 4 between 10 and 16 years. Seven children presented with seizures including three each with febrile seizures, epilepsy, and one with hypocalcemic seizures. Three children had migraine, one syncope, and one head-rolling. One child each presented with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, developmental delay, and minor head trauma. Basal ganglia calcification was punctate and asymmetric on axial computed tomography images in all the children. Coronal and sagittal reconstruction images were available in four children, and all showed linear hyperdensities in the basal ganglia conforming to the calcification of lenticulostriate arteries. The calcification was bilateral in 11 and unilateral in 4. All except one child had normal development. Conclusion: Basal ganglia calcification due to mineralizing lenticulostriate vasculopathy can be observed in children without presentation with stroke. Affected children tend to be older than those with stroke presentation. The association is likely incidental, but further studies are needed to better delineate this entity. ER  - 
IDENTIFICATION OF ACUTE BRAIN DYSFUNCTION IN PEDIATRIC SEPSIS USING FOUR DEFINITIONS$$$ INTRODUCTION: Studies of acute brain dysfunction (ABD) in sepsis are limited by imprecise clinical variables suggestive of neurologic/behavioral dysfunction. We previously validated a new computational phenotype of ABD indicative of clinician concern for an acute change in neurologic/behavioral function. We hypothesized that this computational phenotype would identify ABD with higher sensitivity and specificity than common ABD criteria, including Proulx, Goldstein and the Pediatric Organ Dysfunction Information Update Mandate (PODIUM). METHODS: We performed a retrospective study of 527 randomly selected pediatric sepsis episodes in a research sepsis registry from a single institution between 2011 and 2019. The reference standard for ABD was established using chart review for diagnosis of acute neurologic or behavioral change during sepsis. The computational phenotype defined ABD as completion of either brain imaging (CT or MRI) or electroencephalogram (EEG) irrespective of results and/ or new antipsychotic administration. Proulx and Goldstein criteria defined ABD as Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) < 5 and ≤11, respectively. PODIUM defined ABD as total GCS ≤8, motor GCS ≤4, Cornell Assessment of Pediatric Delirium (CAPD) score ≥9, or seizures, attenuation or suppression on EEG. Missing data were assumed to be normal (ie, not ABD). We used the probability test of proportions to compare sensitivity and specificity of the four criteria to identify ABD against the reference standard. RESULTS: The 527 sepsis patients has a median age of 6.6 years [1.6-13.9] and were 54% male. 64% had more than one complex chronic condition and 36% had more than one non-neurologic organ dysfunctions. The computational phenotype was more sensitive to identify ABD (83%, 95%CI 76-89%) compared to Proulx (22%, 16-29%; p< 0.05), Goldstein (40%, 33-48%; p< 0.05), and PODIUM (73%, 66- 80%; p=0.03). Specificity to exclude ABD was significantly higher for the computational phenotype (93%, 95% CI 90- 96%) compared to Goldstein (73%, 68-77%; p< 0.05) and PODIUM (68%, 63-80%; p< 0.05), but not Proulx (93%, 90-95%; p=1.00). CONCLUSIONS: The computational phenotype identified ABD in pediatric sepsis with a higher combination of sensitivity and specificity than other commonly used criteria that rely heavily on GCS. ER  - 
STATUS EPILEPTICUS IN POST-CARDIAC ARREST PATIENTS: AN ANALYSIS OF INHOSPITAL OUTCOMES$$$ INTRODUCTION: Status epilepticus (SE) in post-cardiac arrest (CA) patients was thought to be associated with poor outcomes, however its role in CA is not fully understood. Our aim was to characterize patient demographics of post-cardiac arrest patients and investigate the effect of status epileptics on cardiac arrest. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study using the 2019 Nationwide Inpatient Sample database to identify admissions in adults with diagnoses of cardiac arrest and status epilepticus. Multivariate linear and logistic regression models were adjusted for demographic variables and comorbid conditions. Primary outcome was all-cause mortality, and secondary outcomes were comorbidities and patient demographics. RESULTS: There were 216,945 post-cardiac arrest patients, out of which 590 had status epilepticus (SE). Compared to the non-SE-CA cohort, the SE-CA cohort had younger patients (mean age 54.33 vs 64.48, p< 0.0001), lesser patients from rural (1.69% vs 6.21%, p< 0.05), lesser Medicare (40.68% vs 59.11%, p< 0.0001) and more Medicaid (27.12% vs 14.48%, p< 0.001), lesser patients with Diabetes mellitus without chronic complications (3.39% vs 9.09%, p< 0.05), lesser hyperkalemia (7.63% vs 16.49%, p< 0.005), more alkalosis (6.78% vs 2.81%, p< 0.005), more hypokalemia (27.12% vs 16.49%, p< 0.01), more severe intellectual disabilities (0.85% vs 0.000065%, p< 0.01). There was no statistically significant difference in in-hospital mortality, race, sex, income, presence of comorbidities such as history of TBI, history of cardiac arrest, Alzheimer's disease, persistent/chronic atrial fibrillation, septic shock, SIADH, acidosis, persistent vegetative state, ventricular tachycardia, ventricular fibrillation, ventilator dependance, oxygen dependance, GCS 9-12, GCS 3-8 and severe MDD with and without psychotic features between the non-SE-CA and SE-CA cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: In post-cardiac arrest patients, the presence of status epilepticus was not associated with a statistically significant difference in in-hospital mortality. Status epilepticus was present more in younger and Medicaid patients and had more comorbidities such as severe intellectual disabilities, hypokalemia and alkalosis. Further studies are required in this field to investigate further outcomes. ER  - 
COMPARISON OF TWO PHENOBARBITAL DOSING STRATEGIES FOR THE MANAGEMENT OF ALCOHOL WITHDRAWAL SYNDROME$$$ INTRODUCTION: Phenobarbital (PHB) has been shown to an effective treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS), especially in patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). A common dosing regimen for PHB involves a taper but this may not necessary, due its long half-life. The purpose of this study was to compare clinical outcomes associated with two PHB dosing strategies (taper [T]; no taper [NT]) for the management of AWS. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study compared adult patients admitted to the ICU from October 2017 to January 2020 who received a loading dose of PHB (10 mg/kg) for AWS based on an institutional protocol. Prior to November 2018, patients received a PHB taper over 7 days, while after this period, the taper was no longer recommended. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients requiring rescue PHB or adjunctive medications for symptomatic management of AWS. Secondary outcomes included: number of adjunctive agents, ICU and hospital length of stay, frequency of severe AWS manifestations (seizures, delirium tremens) after PHB loading, incidence of hypotension and respiratory depression, and drug interactions. RESULTS: A total of 172 patients were included in this study (T: n=81; NT: n=91). Baseline characteristics were similar between groups, including history of severe AWS, baseline SOFA score, and maximum CIWA score and benzodiazepine dose pre-PHB. There was no difference in primary outcome between groups (70.4 vs. 59.3%, p=0.131). The cumulative (937 vs 770mg) and weight-adjusted dose (14.1 vs. 11.8mg/ kg) were higher in the taper group. The were no differences in number of adjunctive agents per patient (1.3 vs. 1.2), and ICU and hospital length of stay (5 vs. 5.1 and 12.8 vs. 13.7 days, respectively). Severe manifestations of AWS and relevant safety outcomes were similar between groups post- PHB. Thirty patients had potentially clinically significant drug interactions with PHB. CONCLUSIONS: The use of a single loading dose of PHB, with or without a taper, resulted in similar control of AWS symptoms. Elimination of a taper may result in reduction in duration of drug interactions associated with PHB. ER  - 
EVALUATING THE USE OF ADJUNCTIVE DEXMEDETOMIDINE FOR ALCOHOL WITHDRAWAL IN CRITICALLY ILL PATIENTS$$$ INTRODUCTION: Dexmedetomidine is commonly used in combination with benzodiazepines for the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS), but limited data exist regarding its use with phenobarbital (PHB). The purpose of this analysis was to evaluate the utility of dexmedetomidine in addition to PHB for AWS in adult patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). METHODS: This was a single-center, retrospective cohort analysis of critically ill adult patients who received PHB plus either dexmedetomidine (DEX) or different adjunctive therapies (NO-DEX) for AWS between 2018 and 2021. Patients were excluded if they had underlying altered mental status or seizure disorder unrelated to AWS, received PHB at outside hospitals, or were pregnant. Coarsened exact matching (CEM) was performed to match patients based on APACHE II score and intubation at first hospital contact in a 1:1 ratio to ensure similar cohorts. The primary outcome was ICU length of stay (LOS). A linear regression analysis was performed to assess the effects of dexmedetomidine on ICU LOS when accounting for various confounders, such as mechanical ventilation, antipsychotic use, and RASS > +1 on day one of treatment. Notable secondary outcomes included days with delirium and incidence of mechanical ventilation after PHB administration. RESULTS: Of the 606 encounters evaluated, 197 met criteria for inclusion. After CEM was performed, 56 encounters remained in each group for analysis and groups were comparable at baseline. The median ICU LOS was 97.2 [50.1:139.5] hours for the DEX group and 47.5 [28.8:88.1] hours for the NO-DEX group (p = 0.002). The linear regression analysis showed the use of dexmedetomidine (p=0.008) and the need for mechanical ventilation (p=0.035), were independently associated with an increased ICU LOS by 49.8 and 41.4 hours, respectively. The DEX group had higher rates of total delirium days (208 vs. 143 days, p < 0.001) and a higher incidence of mechanical ventilation after PHB administration (32% vs. 9%, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This analysis suggests the use of dexmedetomidine as an adjunct to PHB for AWS was associated with a prolonged ICU LOS. Additional studies are needed to further understand the role of dexmedetomidine as an adjunct therapy in the treatment of AWS in critically ill patients. ER  - 
Improved Use of Rescue Medication for Epileptic Patients with the Appointment of an Epilepsy Specialist Nurse (ESN)$$$ Objective: Timely administration of rescue medication for prolonged convulsive seizures, lasting more than 5 min in the out-of-hospital setting helps prevent status epilepticus. Potential barriers to this are lack of confidence and insufficient training for carers. Having ESN's integral to the paediatric epilepsy service has led to many improvements including training in administration of rescue medication and more timely advice and support, hopefully giving the parents more confidence in the care they provide. Two paediatric ESN's were employed at Northwick Park in 2021. We wanted to see if this would influence the administration of rescue medication in the community. Methods: We retrospectively collected data of patients having presented between November 2019 and April 2020 (pre-ESN) and then again between January and June 2022 (post-ESN appointment). We searched all Accident and Emergency (A&E) records for children presenting with 'fits', 'seizures' or 'epilepsy'. We excluded data from children who had presented with a non-epileptic seizure or a first prolonged seizure. We then examined how many children with prolonged seizures receive rescue medication appropriately in the community. Results: In the two time periods a similar number of children presented with epileptic seizures: 70 children in 2020 and 72 children in 2022. In the period before an ESN was available 20 children fulfilled the criteria of which 9 (45%) did not receive rescue medication in the community. By comparison in the period when an ESN was available 11 children fulfilled the criteria, of which three children (27%) had not received rescue medication in the community. This indicates an improvement. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that having an ESN available locally can have an impact on rescue medication administration in the community. This could be by way of care planning, training and support for carers which can impact their level of confidence in administering rescue medication. ER  - 
Do you hear what I hear? A case series on clinical profile of organic hallucinosis.$$$ Background: Organic mental disorders are characterized by neurological dysfunction due to specific cerebral disease or systemic disease affecting the brain secondarily. It may include altered sensorium, impairments in cognition, mood disturbances, psychotic symptoms such as hallucinations, delusions and behavioural or personality changes. Among these, organic hallucinosis is a less described clinical entity. Aim: We aim to report the clinical profile and treatment outcome of patients with organic hallucinosis. Methodology: This was a retrospective file review study of eight patients diagnosed with organic hallucinosis between January 2016 and January 2022. We extracted sociodemographic details, clinical features, and details of medical co-morbidities, biochemical investigations, neuroimaging findings, and treatment responses. Results: Eight patients (six male and two female) with a mean age of 34.1 years (SD 14.8) were diagnosed with organic hallucinosis with a median duration of 18 weeks (IQR 57). Multiple voices and derogatory content was the commonest presentation (n=5). Epilepsy was the commonest organic aetiology (n=5). Four of the eight patients treated with a median defined daily dose equivalent of 20 mg of Olanzapine (IQR 8.1) had a good recovery. Conclusion: Organic hallucinosis is a relatively uncommon diagnosis, and little is known about the clinical correlates, pathophysiology, and management aspects. Further studies are warranted to address these crucial issues. ER  - 
A Cross-Sectional Study of Psychiatric Co-Morbidities In Patients Attending Neurology Outpatient Department In A Tertiary Care Centre$$$ Background: Psychiatric co-morbidities is present in large number of patients attending Neurology OPD. Certain neurological disorders have symptoms overlapping with Psychiatric diagnoses, which often goes undiagnosed. Often patients having primary psychiatric symptoms report first to a Neurologist. Aim: To study prevalence of psychiatric co-morbidities in patients attending Neurology Outpatient Department in a tertiary care center. Methodology: 150 participants, attending neurology outpatient department of a tertiary care centre, were included. Psychiatric comorbidities were assessed using MINI scale. Results: In our study the number of patients having Psychiatric comorbidity was 56% while 40% did not have any Psychiatric comorbidity. 4% patients only had Psychiatric illness and no neurological disorder. 29% of those having psychiatric comorbidities were taking psychiatric treatment. Most common psychiatric comorbidities were Major depressive disorder, Generalized Anxiety disorder and Substance use disorder. Psychiatric comorbidities were mostly seen in Epilepsy, Headache/Migraine and were least seen in Cerebrovascular diseases. Conclusion: This study supports that psychiatric disorders frequently accompany neurological diseases and often remain undiagnosed. Therefore, thorough psychiatric evaluation should be a routine part while assessing patients with neurological disorder, in order to increase the quality of life in neurological disorders. ER  - 
Comparison of psychiatric co-morbidities and quality of life in patients with epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background: Epileptic Seizure is intermittent disturbance of consciousness, behavior, emotion and motor function resulting from cortical neuronal discharge. Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are episodes that superficially resemble epileptic seizures, but lack abnormal neuronal activity in EEG. Significant correlation noted between clinical symptoms & psychiatric co-morbidities and quality of life (QoL) in both group of patients. Aims: To compare the prevalence of psychiatric co-morbidities and QoL in patient with epilepsy (PWE) and PNES, and to assess the relation of sociodemographic factors affecting psychiatric co-morbidities and QoL. Methodology: In this hospital-based descriptive cross-sectional study, 38 and 22 patients of epilepsy and PNES have been included. Results: Higher prevalence of PNES was seen in women (77.3% vs 28.9%) and with recent adverse life events (27.3% vs 2.6% in PWE). Longer duration of illness seen in epilepsy (p <0.001). Major Depressive Disorder was higher among person with PNES (PWPNES) (Chi = 9.468, p = 0.024), whereas Trait Anxiety was higher among PWE (Chi= 3.951, p = 0.047). SOFSE score found no significant difference in Social and Occupational function (p = 0.654) but QOLIE-31 scale shows better QoL in PWE in comparison to PWPNES (p = 0.038). Conclusion: It is pertinent to look for psychiatric co-morbidities and QoL in these patients and implement proper management protocols to improve their functionality as the psychiatric co-morbidities are found to impact their occurrence. ER  - 
Prenatal Exposure to Valproic Acid in the United States$$$ Background: Valproic acid (VA) has multiple neurologic and psychiatric indications. Given its known teratogenic effect, the risk-benefit of VA use among persons of childbearing age may vary by indication. To prevent prenatal exposure, regulatory agencies worldwide have issued warnings or implemented risk minimization programs. Objective: To determine the rate of pregnancy onset during VA use and the extent of contraception use across different indications. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using Merative Marketscan Research Databases (2005-2020) of female patients 12-55 years old who had VA treatment episodes (defined as continuous exposure with ≤7-day gap in days' supply). We required continuous insurance enrollment six months before treatment initiation to nine months after treatment end. We identified VA-related indications (epilepsy, migraine, and mood disorders) based on outpatient diagnoses in the six months before treatment initiation and used a previously validated pregnancy identification algorithm to identify pregnancy episodes. We calculated unadjusted and agestandardized (using 2015 US Census data) pregnancy incidence rates during VA use, stratified by indication. Exposure periods to hormonal contraceptives (any dosage form) and intrauterine devices (hormonal or copper) were ascertained from pharmacy fills and outpatient procedure codes. Contraception use was defined as having ≥1- day overlap with VA treatment episodes. Results: Our cohort included 268,623 VA episodes among women with a median age of 40. Mood disorders (41.9%) were the most common indication, followed by migraine/ headache (20.5%) and epilepsy (12.9%). We identified 733 pregnancies during VA use. Patients with epilepsy had the lowest age-standardized pregnancy incidence rate (1.29 per 100 person-years, 95% CI 0.88-1.69), while those with mood disorders had the highest rate (2.30, 95% CI 2.20- 2.39), followed by migraine/headache (2.22, 95% CI 1.89- 2.55). Only 15.2% of treatment episodes coincided with contraceptive use with oral hormonal contraceptives used most frequently (80.1%). Conclusion: Pregnancy incidence rates during treatment with VA varied by clinical indications, and concomitant contraception use was uncommon. Our study suggests that additional risk mitigation efforts are warranted, especially for patients with higher pregnancy rates and higher potential for unfavorable risk-benefit of VA use during pregnancy, such as those with migraine/ headaches or mood disorders. ER  - 
Factors associated with hospitalization for acute recreational drug toxicity$$$ Objective: Though acute recreational drug toxicity can frequently be managed in primary care or by simple means in emergency departments [1], the condition may rapidly deteriorate and give rise to complications requiring hospital admission. This may be difficult to predict. In this study, we aim to identify factors related to the need of hospitalization among patients presenting with acute recreational drug toxicity to a primary care emergency clinic. Methods: In a retrospective observational study at the Oslo Accident and Emergency Outpatient Clinic (OAEOC), the main primary care emergency clinic in Oslo, Norway, we included all patients presenting with acute recreational drug toxicity in the period 2014-2020, except lone ethanol poisoning, poisoning inflicted by others, and suicide attempts. The patients were identified by reviewing the patient registration lists in the clinic's electronic patient records system. We registered clinical features, treatment, and toxic agents taken. Diagnosis of toxic agents was based on the assessment of the doctor treating the patient as noted in the patient records, mainly based on information from the patient and/or the patient's companions. Results: Among 12,149 included patients, 9374 (77.2%) of whom were men, 1823 (15.0%) were transferred to hospital for medical review and 551 (4.5%) transferred to a psychiatric hospital. Transfer to hospital for medical review was most common among patients with hyperthermia (temperature ≥39.0 °C) (73.6%), arrhythmia (63.0%), coma (Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) score <8) (57.7%), seizures (31.1%), chest pain (30.1%), hypotension (systolic blood pressure ≤ 90mmHg) (23.6%), tachypnoea (respiratory rate ≥ 20/min) (23.0%), vomiting (21.3%), or bradycardia (heart rate <50/min) (20.7%), among patients given sedation (38.6%) or naloxone (20.4%), and when the toxic agent involved was gamma-hydroxybutyrate (GHB) (35.2%) or methadone (20.5%). Transfer to a psychiatric hospital was most common among patients with psychosis (64.2%) and hallucinations (35.6%). Conclusion: Transfer to hospital was often needed for patients with hyperthermia, arrhythmia, GCS <8, seizures, chest pain, psychosis, or hallucinations, when sedation was required, and when GHB was reportedly taken. Rapid hospital admission should be considered if any of these conditions occur. ER  - 
Acute toxicity profile of promazine in overdose: a consecutive case series$$$ Objective: Promazine is a phenothiazine neuroleptic drug approved in adults and children >12 years. The daily oral dose varies between 100 and 800 mg. Doses of 1000mg daily should not be exceeded. Promazine is widely used in psychotic disorders and to relieve nausea and vomiting in various medical conditions. However, information on the clinical features of promazine poisoning is lacking. The aim of this study is to investigate the demographics and clinical features of acute promazine overdose. Methods: Retrospective review of single-substance acute oral overdoses with promazine in adults and children (<16 years), reported to our poison centre 1997-2021 by physicians and with a high causality assessment. Severity was graded according to the Poisoning Severity Score. Results: Overall, 156 patients (median age 30, range 1.2-75 years) were included with 119 females (76%), 35 males (22%) and 2 unknown. There were 141 adults (90%) and 15 children (10%, median: 3.3 years, range 1.2-15.0). No symptoms developed in 14 adults (10% of adults) and 6 children (40% of children). Mild symptoms were seen in 101 adults (72%) and 7 children (47%). Moderate symptoms occurred in 22 adults (16%) and 1 child (7%), and 4 adults (3%) and 1 child (7%) had severe symptoms. There were no fatalities. Effects predominantly involved the central nervous system, with somnolence reported in 60% of patients. Further, more frequently reported central nervous system (CNS) effects were drowsiness (8%), vertigo (8%), dry mouth (7%), dysarthria (5%) and miosis (4%). Tachycardia (25%), hypotension (12%) and prolongation of QT (12%) were common cardiovascular findings. Gastrointestinal symptoms (nausea, vomiting, and epigastric pain) were also common (12%). Severe symptoms occurred in 4 adults after intentional ingestion (coma with a Glasgow Coma Score (GCS)≤7 in 2, status epilepticus and severe hypotonia each in 1 patient), while one case with severe symptoms (coma) after accidental ingestion concerned a child (1.2 year; 4.2mg/kg). The majority of adult patients (14/22) with moderate symptoms ingested ≥1000mg (median 1875mg, mean 2195 mg, range 300-8500mg); 4/4 adult patients with severe symptoms ingested ≥2500mg (median 3475 mg, range 2500-5000mg). Conclusion: Promazine displays an acute toxicity profile similar to other phenothiazine neuroleptics [1]. In adults, severe courses occurred only with doses 2.5-times above the maximum recommended dose. Accidental ingestions by toddlers may be of concern. ER  - 
Anticholinergic syndrome due to mushroom poisoning: a case series$$$ Objective: Mushroom poisoning can be responsible for anticholinergic syndrome (AS). Physostigmine is the antidote in case of central anticholinergic syndrome (CAS) but there is no data about its use in mushroom-induced CAS. The objective of our study was to evaluate clinical characteristics, management and potential role of physostigmine to treat CAS due to mushroom ingestion. Methods: We performed a retrospective observational study including all cases of CAS due to mushroom poisoning managed by our PCC (2011-2022). Inclusion criteria were: (I) history of mushroom ingestion, (II) presence of CAS. For all included patients we collected data about: age, clinical manifestations at hospital admission and during hospitalisation, mycological recognition, treatment and outcome. Results: Ninety-four patients were included, F:36/M:58, median age 60 [47.75] years; 10/94 (10.6%) declared intentional ingestion to obtain an hallucinogenic effect, 84/94 (89.4%) ingested the mushrooms thinking they were edible. For 51/94 cases (54%) mycological recognition was possible and identified as Amanita pantherina in 21/51 (55%) and Amanita muscaria in 30/51 (45%). The median time between ingestion and clinical manifestations was 2 hours [1,3 hours]. Clinical manifestations were: vomiting 41.5%, hallucinations 33%, seizures 32%, tachycardia 30%, confusion 28.7%, mydriasis 9.6%, xerostomia 6%, coma 6%, and drowsiness 4.5%. Treatment included: gastrointestinal decontamination 100%, benzodiazepines 25.5%, orotracheal intubation 10.6%. Physostigmine was suggested in 30/94 (32%) cases because of severe CAS with hallucinations and/or seizures and/or coma. Of the 30 patients for which physostigmine was suggested, it was available and administered only in 7/30 (23%) cases at the median dose of 1mg [1,2 mg] without adverse reaction and with prompt resolution of CAS. The median length of hospitalisation was 24 hours [24.72]. All patients fully recovered. Conclusion: Amanita muscaria and Amanita pantherina represents the most common mushrooms causing AS in our case series. Patients treated with physostigmine presented rapid resolution of symptoms with no adverse events. According to the literature our data suggest that physostigmine is a safe antidote and diagnostic tool but it is important to improve its hospital storage. A prospective study is necessary to evaluate if physostigmine administration could reduce the length of hospital stay of patients with CAS due to mushroom poisoning. ER  - 
The rise in edible marijuana related calls following cannabis decriminalization: one poison center's experience$$$ Objective: To describe the epidemiology of exposures to marijuana edibles as reported to a poison center (PC) following cannabis decriminalization. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of calls to a PC between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2022 following cannabis decriminalization. All inquiries about exposures to marijuana edible preparations were analyzed for reasons of exposure, clinical effects, medical care and outcome. Results: Between June 2020 and September 2022, the PC received 228 calls regarding exposure to marijuana edible preparations in comparison to 17 calls prior to June 2020. More than half of the exposures (n=128, 56%) occurred among children and adolescents (<20 years) and 29% (n=65) occurred among children aged <7 years. All exposures (n=72) among children aged <7 years and 23/26 exposures among those aged 7-12 years were unintentional, while exposures were mostly intentional in age group 13-19 years (24/30) and 20 years and above (87/100). Most exposures were reported directly by healthcare providers (n=127, 56%). The majority of exposures were reported as single substance exposures (n=211, 93%). Among calls reporting multiple substance exposures, the most commonly reported substances were heroin, hallucinogenic mushrooms and ethanol. Most exposures required emergency department evaluation (n=160, 70%); 46 (20%) required hospital admission, of which 14 (6%) required admission to a critical care unit. Medical outcomes were reported as major for 16 exposures (7%) and moderate for 130 exposures (57%). Descriptive analysis of clinical effects in isolated marijuana edible exposures (n=211) revealed that 78% (n=177) experienced at least one neurological symptom including moderate central nervous system (CNS) depression (n=41, 18%), mild CNS depression (n=25, 11%), dizziness (n=32, 14%), agitation (n=30, 13%), confusion (n=27, 12%), tremors (n=18, 8%), hallucination (n=12, 5%), and seizure (n=9, 4%). At least one cardiovascular symptom was reported in 100 cases (44%); the most frequently reported symptoms were tachycardia (n=100, 44%), hypertension (n=25, 11%) and QRS prolongation (n=7, 3%). Gastrointestinal symptoms were reported in 25% of cases (n=57) and included nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and abdominal pain. Conclusion: While the dose required to achieve clinical effects is unclear, the reported medical outcomes and health effects suggest that exposure to marijuana edible preparations is an emerging public health concern following cannabis decriminalization. Due to lack of state regulation regarding the marketing of marijuana edibles, products are widely available in stores, packaged in colorful containers, sweetly flavored, and candy-themed which makes them attractive to children. ER  - 
Diphenidine, methoxyphenidine and related 1,2-diarylethylamine acute toxicity reported to the Euro-DEN Plus project$$$ Objective: The new psychoactive substances diphenidine and related 1,2-diarylethylamines ephenidine, methoxyphenidine, isophenidine and fluorolintane, are N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonists. Although there is limited published information on their toxicity, they appear to have similar unwanted effects to ketamine. Based on the availability, reported and potential toxicity of these compounds, the World Health Organization reviewed diphenidine and 2-methoxyphenidine in 2020. Diphenidine was subsequently added to the UN Convention on Psychotropic Substances in 2021, but 2-methyoxyphenidine was not added and remains under UN surveillance. There is limited published information on acute toxicity on these substances; we aim here to summarise the Euro-DEN Plus experience of these compounds. Methods: The Euro-DEN Plus database was retrospectively interrogated to identify presentations from the 62,613 presentations reported between October 2013 and December 2021 involving the self-reported use of diphenidine, ephenidine, methoxyphenidine, isophenidine and/or fluorolintane. The following were extracted for analysis from cases involving use of only one of these NPS with/without alcohol but no other NPS/recreational drugs: demographics, clinical features and outcome (initial disposition from the ED and overall length of hospital stay). Results: We identified six Euro-DEN Plus presentations with use of one of these NPS: methoxyphenidine (5 presentations) and diphenidine (1 presentation). There were no presentations involving ephedrine, isophenidine and/or fluorolintane. The diphenidine case from Munich, Germany in 2015, involved the co-use of cannabis, 4-chloromethcathinone and 5MAPB (1-(benzofuran-5- yl)-N-methylpropan-2-amine). No other drugs were reported to have been used in the methoxyphenidine cases and so further analysis was undertaken on these cases. Three were from London, UK (between 2013 and 2015) and two cases were from Msida, Malta (both in 2019). All five were male and the mean ± SD age was 27.6 ± 6.5 years. The reported clinical features were agitation/aggression (2 patients), hallucinations (2), anxiety (1), and seizures (1). Four were discharged from the ED (3 medically and 1 self-discharged) and one was admitted to hospital. The overall median (IQR) length of stay was 3 h 14 mins (2 h 7 mins to 3 h 34 mins). Conclusion: Presentations with acute toxicity related to the use of diphenidine, methoxyphenidine and related 1,2-diarylethylamines is uncommon in the Euro-DEN Plus project. Identified Euro-DEN Plus presentations had short lengths of stay and most were discharged from hospital. Despite the recent international control of diphenidine and recommendation for enhanced monitoring of 2-methoxyphenidine in 2020/21, there have no reports of acute toxicity related to these NPS since 2019. ER  - 
Double jeopardy: Sequential seizures following serial naloxone administrations in a tramadol overdose$$$ Background: Tramadol is a synthetic opioid analgesic, which acts as a mu opioid receptor agonist and inhibits serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tramadol has incompletely understood proconvulsant properties, but serotonergic activation, gammaaminobutyric acid inhibition, and glutaminergic activation are likely contributory. Naloxone reverses respiratory depression caused by tramadol overdose; however, the use of naloxone in patients with tramadol overdose is controversial because of its possible role in potentiating or precipitating seizures. Case report: An 18-year-old man without significant past medical history was found by his mother unresponsive and cyanotic near a bottle of tramadol 50mg extended-release pills, of which approximately 50 were missing. At the time of emergency medical services' arrival, the patient had agonal respirations, miotic pupils, and did not respond to sternal rub. First responders ventilated the patient with a bag valve mask (BVM) and then administered 2mg of intravenous (IV) naloxone. The patient immediately experienced a generalized tonic clonic seizure, which abated after administration of 2mg IV lorazepam. Minutes later, he became apneic again and was given another 2mg IV naloxone. He then experienced a second seizure, which terminated after he received 4mg IV lorazepam. Upon arrival to the emergency department (ED), the patient was unresponsive with miotic pupils and intermittently apneic. His initial vital signs were: BP, 98/ 42mm Hg; HR, 102 beats/min; RR, 20 breaths/minute; T, 98.1°Fahrenheit; O2 Sat, 78-82% (on 15L/min O2 via nonrebreather). He became combative when providers initiated BVM ventilation and required sedation with lorazepam and ketamine to facilitate pre-oxygenation prior to endotracheal intubation for airway protection. Laboratory studies drawn on arrival demonstrated a serum tramadol concentration of 2,000 ng/mL and Odesmethyl- tramadol (M1 metabolite) concentration of 300 ng/mL. He was admitted to the pediatric intensive care unit and had no further seizure activity throughout his hospital course. He was extubated on hospital day 2 and ultimately discharged home on hospital day 7 at his baseline mental status. Discussion: Seizures occur in an estimated 15-35% of tramadol overdoses. The literature is divided on whether naloxone modifies the risk of seizure in patients with tramadol overdose. One randomized controlled trial demonstrated naloxone increases seizure risk, while several observational studies found no increased risk. We report a patient with an acute tramadol overdose who experienced two seizures, each of which occurred immediately following administration of naloxone. Following a single 100mg oral dose of tramadol, expected peak plasma concentrations of tramadol and O-desmethyl-tramadol are 230-300 and 35-75 ng/mL, respectively. This patient's ingestion was confirmed with significantly supratherapeutic tramadol and Odesmethyl- tramadol concentrations. While our case represents a single patient, the distinct temporal relationship between each of the patient's seizures and naloxone administration is no. Conclusions: When administering naloxone to patients with tramadol overdose, providers should be aware of the possibility of precipitating seizures and be prepared to treat with benzodiazepines. Further research into the pharmacodynamic relationship between naloxone and tramadol is needed to elucidate whether naloxone increases seizure risk in tramadol overdose. ER  - 
Cannabis intoxication in the emergency room. a review of 11 years in a hospital of México State$$$ Background: In recent years, the increasing decriminalization of recreational marijuana use in North America has facilitated its acquisition and has expanded the supply of products containing cannabinoids. The aim of this study is to describe the clinical characteristics of cannabinoid intoxicated patients attending the emergency room in the State of Mexico. Methods: An observational, retrospective, cross-sectional, descriptive, retrospective study was carried out on patients who were evaluated by toxicology in Huixquilucan, State of Mexico, from January 2012 to March 2023. A total of 1426 cases were analyzed, of which 58 were patients intoxicated by cannabinoids. Information on the number of patients, age group, subject for consultation, route of exposure, treatment and days of hospital stay during the study period was examined. Results: A total of 58 cases of cannabinoid intoxication were reported, with 35 male patients (60.34%) and 23 female patients (39.65%), with an average age of 31 years. The age groups with the highest consumption were 21 to 30 years old, with 21 patients (36.20%), and 11 to 20 years old, with 12 cases (20.68%). In 2012, 2 cases were reported, in contrast with 2022 that had an increase of 15 patients (25.86%). The most frequent subject for consultation was anxiety with 32 patients (55.17%). Exposure was oral in 40 cases (68.96%) and smoked in 18 cases (31.03%). Cannabis was ingested by means of brownies in 11 patients (18.96%) and cannabis gummies in 7 patients (12.06%). Associated exposures were ethanol in 16 patients (27.58%) and energy drinks in 11 cases (18.96%). In 2 pediatric patients (3.4%), orotracheal intubation was performed, with gastric decontamination by orogastric lavage and activated charcoal administration. The inpatient hospital stay was less than 24 hours in 52 patients (89.65%) and more than 24 hours in 6 patients (10.3%), with an average of 2 days. Conclusions: Our study found higher cannabis use in 2022 compared to the years of the previous decade in the study hospital, which is probably due to a decrease in the perception of risk associated with cannabis use among the general population. The sex of highest consumption was male, predominantly in young adults, who went to the emergency room for anxiety and nausea due to oral cannabis consumption in the form of brownies, some of them associated with ethanol and energy drinks. On the other hand, the oral route and pediatric age together, were related to severity, since 2 cases of accidental ingestion at 1 and 5 years of age presented with neurological deterioration and seizures, respectively. Likewise, it was observed that inpatient hospital care was less than 24 hours; however, in severe cases, it was 2 days on average. ER  - 
A 21-year review of supratherapeutic bupropion ingestions as reported to a single regional poison center$$$ Background: Bupropion is an aminoketone antidepressant FDAapproved for adult depression, seasonal affective disorder, and smoking cessation. It acts by selectively inhibiting neuronal reuptake of dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin. Unintentional supratherapeutic doses of bupropion are frequently reported to regional poison centers (RPC). Literature describes any therapeutic misadventure of > 600mg as increasing the risk of seizures. Our aim is to report the incidence and outcomes of exposures involving supratherapeutic doses of bupropion reported by a single RPC. Methods: This is a single poison center retrospective chart review of data reported from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2021, and included patients of all ages with a history of unintentional acute-on-chronic ingestions of bupropion. Other inclusion criteria were a history of the amount of bupropion ingested and a documented outcome. Data were analyzed for patients' demographics, the amount and duration of bupropion use, and clinical effects reported. Results: Over a 21-year period, 1793 cases of supratherapeutic bupropion ingestions were reported of which 156 (8.6%) met all inclusion criteria. For all included exposures, the average age was 43.5 years with 68.6% females. There were 106 (67.9%) cases describing exact known amounts ingested, 35 (22.4%) with estimated amounts, and 15 (9.6%) described as maximum possible. The amounts ingested ranged from 225mg to 4350mg. For cases meeting inclusion criteria, 52 (33.3%) had been on bupropion for > 3 months, 48 (30.8%) were < 3 months, and 56 (35.9%) of unknown duration. The most reported symptoms were dizziness (10.3%), nausea (10.3%), tachycardia (10.3%), and tremor (10.3%). No effects were reported in 52 (33.3%) of cases. Out of 156 cases, 36 (23.1%) were managed at home, 111 (71.2%) were treated in a healthcare facility, and 9 (5.7%) other. Ninety-eight (62.8%) patients ingested no more than a doubledose, 56 (35.8%) more than double their daily dose, and the therapeutic dose was unknown for 2 patients. Of those who ingested no more than double their daily dose, 35 (35.7%) experienced no effects, 40 (40.8%) minor effects, 21 (21.4%) moderate effects, and 2 (2%) major effects. There were 6 (6.1%) who had a documented seizure at no more than double their daily dose. Only 16 (10.3%) with moderate and 2 (1.3%) with major effects were single agent ingestions. The two cases with major effects experienced multiple seizures after doses of 300mg (double their daily dose) and 900mg (600mg normal daily dose). Conclusions: Based on review of 21 years of data for unintentional supratherapeutic bupropion ingestions reported to the RPC, it is suggested that patients who ingest double their therapeutic dose of bupropion or above be observed at a healthcare facility due to the risk of seizures. Clinical effects are highly variable, but patients are likely to experience more than minor effects, including seizures, at double their therapeutic dose. Further studies are needed to identify a clinically safe weightbased triage number for bupropion. This study is limited by its retrospective nature, inconsistencies in coding and follow-up practices, and incomplete data reported to the RPC. ER  - 
Characterization of unintentional pediatric exposures with novel psychiatric medications approved by the FDA since 2011: One poison center's experience$$$ Background: Eight novel prescription medications have received FDA-approval for various psychiatric indications since 2011. Therapeutic categories for these drugs include atypical antipsychotics (olanzapine/samidorphan, aripiprazole lauroxil, cariprazine, brexpiprazole, lumateperone), serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (viloxazine), and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (vortioxetine, vilazodone). A search of the medical literature for these medications reveals a paucity of information regarding the clinical effects observed as a result of unintentional and/or intentional exposures in the pediatric population. We sought to review a single poison center's data on pediatric cases involving these drugs to provide better descriptive characterization of the clinical effects, therapeutic interventions recommended and/or provided, and outcomes observed in this select cohort. Methods: A retrospective search was performed in the National Poison Data System for human exposure cases in patient's aged 0-13 years from 1 January 2011 to 31 December 2022 involving the following medications: AristadaVR (aripiprazole lauroxil), RexultiVR (brexpiprazole), VraylarVR (cariprazine), CaplytaVR (lumateperone), LybalviVR (olanzapine/samidorphan), ViibrydVR (vilazodone), QelbreeVR (viloxazine), BrintellixVR (vortioxetine). All cases were abstracted to report patient demographics, drug and dose ingested, exposure reason, management site, level of care, outcome associated with and duration of clinical effects, and therapies performed. Results: A total of 14 cases (brexpipraozle n = 3, cariprazine n = 1, vilazodone n=7, viloxazine n = 1, vortioxetine n = 2) were identified that fit our inclusion criteria. No cases regarding aripiprazole lauroxil, lumateperone, olanzapine/samidorphan were reported to our Center. 12 cases were identified as Unintentional General, one as Unintentional Therapeutic Error, and one as Intentional Suspected Suicide. Age range was 8 months to 12 years. Observed and related symptoms included agitation, confusion, dizziness, mydriasis, nausea, sedation, tachycardia, tremor, and vomiting. No reports of extrapyramidal symptoms, serotonin syndrome, or seizures were documented. 6 patients were managed at home and 8 cases were managed in a healthcare facility. 3 patients were admitted to an intensive care unit, 2 admitted to a noncritical care unit, and 3 were treated/evaluated and released from an emergency department. One patient was intubated for progressive sedation but made a full recovery within 72 hours without sequelae. All other patients had either no, minor, or moderate clinical effects for a duration of no more than 72 hours. All patients recovered without sequelae. Conclusions: Clinical effects observed in unintentional and intentional pediatric ingestions of novel psychiatric medications FDAapproved since 2011 are similar to other medications in related drug classes. Management involves observation for onset and progression of neurologic effects with supportive care, and the potential for hospitalization. All patients recovered without any observed or reported sequelae. ER  - 
Incidence of kratom-related poison control calls before and after kratom legalization in Thailand: Current trends$$$ Background: Kratom (Mitragyna speciosa), is an indigenous tree in Southeast Asia. Currently, Kratom is popular and easily available worldwide, especially in Europe and the US via shops or internet to use as a substance of abuse, opioid alternative, or pain killer. In Thailand, Kratom was illegal until August 2021, kratom is legalized to possess and use. The data of impact after legalization is limited. Our objective was to describe and evaluate the incidence of, clinical characteristics of, consequences of and the trend of Kratom-related poison control calls before and after legalization in Thailand. Methods: We performed a retrospective cross-sectional study by analyzing data from the Ramathibodi Poison Center for 36-month periods as the first period (6 months after legalization during 24 August 2021 to 23 April 2022), the second period ((6 months before legalization during 24 February 2021 to 23 August 2022), and the third period (the same period (months) as the first period that was in last year during 24 August 2020 to 23 April 2021). Results: There were totally 173 calls or cases consulted to our poison center which were 96, 38 and 39 cases in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd periods, respectively. The mean age of all, cases in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd periods were 29.4, 29.7, 29.0 and 28.9 years old. Most of all (84.4%) and cases in each period were male. Most (about 60%) of all and cases in every period used or co-ingested kratom with other substances. The common clinical manifestations included palpitation (35.8%), nausea/vomiting/abdominal pain (22.5%), seizure (22.0%), agitation (18.5%), tremor (11.6%) and dystonia (5.2%). Interestingly 2 cases developed status epilepticus. The abnormal vital signs were tachycardia (43.4%) high blood pressure (22.5%) and high body temperature (6.9%). No patients presented with obvious respiratory depression or low oxygen saturation. Forty-six cases (26.6%) were admitted. Two cases (in the 1st period) were intubated due to depressed consciousness. Death was not found. We compared the clinical characteristics of cases among 3 periods. No significant differences were found in age, sex, regions, co-ingestion and incidence of clinical effects including seizure among these 3 periods. However, cases in the 1st period were admitted (37.5%) more statically significantly when compared to the previous 2 periods (15.8%, 10.3%) (P<0.001). Conclusions: Kratom-related calls increased about 2 times after legalization. The trends of consultation and hospitalization were on the rise. This might be explained by the wide availability of Kratom in the market. Most were young male and used with other substances. Most cases in our study were the poly drug users, so kratom might be used as substance of abuse. Seizure was reported commonly in every period; however, its incidences showed no differences. Our study supported that seizure was one of the toxicities of kratom. Although the incidences of clinical effects were not different among periods, but the admission rate was higher after legalization. This needs further study to elucidate this finding. ER  - 
Octreotide for venlafaxine induced hypoglycemia$$$ Background: Venlafaxine is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor with multiple effects in overdose including seizure, QT and QRS prolongation, and hypoglycemia. The mechanism of venlafaxine-induced hypoglycemia is unclear. Octreotide has been suggested for the prevention of recurrent venlafaxine-induced hypoglycemia. However, the effectiveness of octreotide in preventing recurrent venlafaxine-induced hypoglycemia is unclear. Methods: This is a retrospective review of patients treated for venlafaxine exposure by a regional Poison Center from 1/1/2013 to 3/1/2023. The electronic medical record database utilized by the poison control system, Toxicall® , was queried for patients of all ages with venlafaxine exposure or overdose. Patients were excluded if: The chart was identified as a duplicate, there was inadequate clinical information for review, patients were confirmed to have no exposure, or there was concomitant exposure to a drug that is known to cause hypoglycemia including sulfonylureas or insulin. Patients who were coded as experiencing hypoglycemia as defined by APC code were then included for data analysis. Clinical effects, outcomes, and therapies were as defined by the APC codes. Results: During the study period, a total of 2,391 patients were identified as having venlafaxine exposure or overdose with a known outcome. Of these, 84 developed hypoglycemia and were included in the study. The median age was 28 (range 1-74) years old, 74% (n = 60) of patients were identified as female. Fifteen (18%) patients had a single substance ingestion and 18 (21%) patients had a reported dose of venlafaxine with a median dose of 3,375mg (300-15,000 mg). Most patients (82%) developed altered mental status (including CNS depression or confusion), 58 (69%) patients were tachycardic, 38 (42%) patients had a conduction disturbance including QRS or QTc prolongation, 35 (42%) patients were hypotensive, and 32 (38%) developed seizures. Sixty-eight patients (81%) received IV dextrose, 8 (9%) received oral glucose supplementation, 10 (12%) received octreotide, 2 (2%) received glucagon, 55 (65%) were treated with benzodiazepines, 41 (48.8%) patients were intubated, and 21 (25%) required vasopressors. Outcomes included: 1 (1.2%) minor, 38 (45%) moderate, 43 (51%) major, and 2 (2%) deaths. There was no standard dosing of octreotide. Three (3.6%) patients received single doses of 50 or 100mcg subcutaneous (SQ) octreotide, 3 (3.6%) patients received multiple doses of 50 or 100mcg SQ octreotide, and 3 (3.6%) patients were treated with continuous infusions. All patients who received octreotide were treated with dextrose infusions prior to receiving octreotide, which was then continued after receiving octreotide. After receiving octreotide, only one patient experienced recurrent hypoglycemia requiring supplemental boluses of dextrose to maintain euglycemia. Conclusions: In this small cohort of patients who experienced hypoglycemia following venlafaxine overdose, all patients required supplemental dextrose infusions to treat hypoglycemia. However, after receiving octreotide, only one patient experienced recurrent hypoglycemia requiring additional dextrose supplementation. Octreotide may help prevent recurrent hypoglycemia and reduce the need for supplemental dextrose following venlafaxine overdose.. ER  - 
Longitudinal Study on Neurological Disorders among Mothers in Early Peuperium in a Tertiary Care Hospital$$$ Background and Aim: Neurological disorders are a significant cause of morbidity and mortality during the early peuperium. Hormonal and physiological changes in early puerperium is known to exacerbate already existing neurological disorder or precipitate new ones. To study the clinical profile of mothers presenting with Neurological disorders during the first 2week of peuperium. Methodology: Prospective observational study Duration: 1 year Study population: Mothers in the first 2 week of puerperium who presented with neurological symptoms and were diagnosed with a Neurological disorder (New or Preexisting) at Chengalpattu medical college hospital OPD/ IP wards. Results: A total of 83 mothers of ages between 17 to 30 yrs were diagnosed to have a Neurological disorder in the first 2 week of puerperium. Cortical venous Thrombosis was the commonest disorder (30 of 83) of which 10 presented only with headaches while others with headache and seizures. PRES was the diagnosis in 17 patients among whom Seizures followed by a prolonged LOC was the presentation in the majority. Discussion: The other diagnosis being Postpartum Eclampsia in 10 , exacerbation of Migraine in 9, Post-spinal Headache in 6, Epileptic Seizures in 4 ,Postpartum psychosis and LS plexopathy in 2 each and foot drop and arterial stroke in 1each. Conclusion: Headaches and seizures are the major neurological symptoms in early puerperium and evaluation in our cohort of mothers in the first 2 week of puerperium yielded the above-mentioned spectrum of diagnosis. ER  - 
Testing the Efficacy of a Intervention Module in Drug Resistant Epilepsy Patients$$$ Background and Aim: Cognitive and neurobiological consequences are secondary consequences of epilepsy along with the increased incidence of comorbid conditions like insomnia, despair, psychiatric disorder, anxiety, cognitive and behavioral impairment. The present study aimed to assess the efficacy of neuro-cognitive module in drug resistant epilepsy patients. Methodology: A neuro-cognitive and psycho-social intervention module was developed that include cognitive retraining. Participants with epilepsy were randomized to an intervention group and control group. This study was divided into two assessments - Pre-assessment and Post-assessment. Intervention group received intervention for weekly two hours. After 8 weeks of cognitive exercises, participants were invited to complete post-assessment. Various cognitive function tests were used at the time of assessments which include attention, memory and executive functioning. Results: Participants were 47 adults with epilepsy. Patient in intervention group a significant Improvement in cognitive functioning Furthermore, there was a significant improvement in the Quality of Life (QOLIE-31). Discussion: This RCT provided evidence for the efficacy of module, an intervention to help PwE cope with depression, Anxiety and stress. Over 2 months, the intervention produced clinically meaningful effects on improvements in cognitive functions and illness-related quality of life. Conclusion: The results of this study suggest that intervention can be effective in improving cognitive function of patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Predictors of externalizing behavior outcomes following pediatric stroke$$$ It is well-recognized that behavioral problems following pediatric stroke are common. These have not been well characterized as research has focused largely on prevalent concerns of motor and cognitive outcomes in perinatal and childhood stroke populations. The most commonly reported behavioral concern, reported in about half of child following pediatric stroke, is increased difficulties with attention such as impulsivity, learning difficulties, and anxiety. Research has also reported high levels of behavior problems at home (44%); which have been found to be correlated with executive functions. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the relationship between externalizing behavior and executive function following pediatric stroke. Methods: This retrospective study included 339 children with pediatric ischemic stroke who were identified upon enrollment in the Canadian Pediatric Stroke Registry at the Hospital for Sick Children between 2000 and 2019. We observed the prevalence of externalizing behaviors and executive function and the correlation between them using parent rating forms of the Behavioral Assessment System for Children (BASC) and the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF). Associated neurological and clinical factors were also examined as predictors of behavioral outcomes. Results: No differences were found between externalizing behavior or executive function scores between individuals who suffered a perinatal (n = 94) or childhood (n = 116) stroke, except for the shift subscale which had higher T-scores in perinatal (M = 55.83) than childhood (M = 50.40). When examined descriptively, there were more children with clinically elevated hyperactivity than expected (observed = 9.62%, expected = 2%). Similarly, children with stroke endorsed greater problems on the BRIEF behavior regulation and metacognition indices. Externalizing behaviors were correlated moderately to strongly with executive function measures (r = 0.42 to 0.74). When examining neurological and clinical predictors of externalizing behaviors, only female sex was predictive of increased hyperactivity (p = 0.004), whereas age at stroke, presence of seizures at onset, and stroke location were not associated with any behavioral outcomes. Conclusions: We found that children with stroke are more likely to experience clinically elevated levels of hyperactivity than expected in a normal population. This finding brings an important narrative to the conversation surrounding significant increases in ADHD following stroke, which focus largely on attention (i.e., internalizing) outcomes. Although previous research has shown high levels of parent concern and behavioral problems, the level of behavioral problems reported in this study suggested that externalizing symptoms fall within the normal range. Although female sex predicted higher hyperactivity, stroke related variables, such as seizure comorbidity, age at stroke, and stroke location were not predictive of behavior outcomes. Future research should focus more on the influence of demographic variables, general health, and family mental health on behavioral outcomes in children following stroke. ER  - 
Acute hydrocephalus following aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage: impact in the outcome$$$ Introduction: Hydrocephalus is one of the most common complications of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (aSAH), contributes to poor neurological outcomes and seriously affects and shortens survival time1,2. People who survive aSAH carry an increased risk for various complications including epilepsy, depression, cognitive impairment, shunt requirement for hydrocephalus, and shunt complications3. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed data from patients with aSAH admitted at a Neurocritical Care Unit (NCCU) from january-2018 until june-2022. Clinical files were reviewed for age, gender, location of aneurysms, Glasgow coma scale (GCS) score, severity of hemorrhage according to Fisher and Hunt and Hess grading scales, therapeutic options (neurosurgical clipping/endovascular coiling), placement of external ventricular drain (EVD) and its duration, clinical outcome and ICU and in-hospital lengths of stay. EVD-associated meningitis and requirement of life long ventriculoperitoneal shunt (VPS) in patients after using EVD were also assessed. Clinical outcome was evaluated according to Glasgow Outcome Scale (GOS). Results: The study group consisted of 199 cases (Table 1), 67 of which (33.7%) with hydrocephalus and EVD requirement. Comparing patients with hydrocephalus with those without hydrocephalus, the mean age was similar as well as the ratio male/female (Table 1). Regarding GCS at hospital admission, it was less than 6 in 18 patients (26.9%) in the hydrocephalus group (HG) and in 10 patients (9.1%) in the group without hydrocephalus (NHG). Concerning Hunt and Hess severity scale, 52.3% of patients (n = 35) with hydrocephalus had grades IV or V. HG had higher Fisher and Hunt and Hess grades at admission. There was no difference between the two groups regarding therapeutic strategy and location of the aneurysm. Twelve patients (17,9%) had infection of the central nervous system (CNS) during ICU stay. More than 1/3 of patients (n = 25) needed a VPS after EVD. At NCCU discharge, only 16,5% (n = 11) of patients with hydrocephalus had a good outcome (GOS 4-5), compared with 54,5% (n = 72) of the patients without hydrocephalus. Vegetative outcome in HG was 9% (n = 6) and mortality occurred in 17,9% (n = 12) of patients. ICU and hospital lengths-of-stay were longer in hydrocephalus group (Table 1). Hydrocephalus was an independent predictor to worse functional outcome (GOS ≤ 3) at 28 days, three and six months (p < 0.001). Mortality at 6 months in HG was 27%, compared to 9,8% in NHG. However, it should be noted that nearly half of the patients in the HG improved clinically (n = 44 with GOS ≤ 3 at the time of discharge vs n = 21 at 6 months) (Table 2). Conclusions: We conclude that the outcome is worst in patients who developed hydrocephalus, with higher rates of mortality and higher degree of functional dependence at NCCU discharge and throughout the follow-up up to 6 months. Further research is needed to better understand the impact of other variables in outcomes in patients with aSAH who develop hydrocephalus, like the presence of vasospasm and infectious complications. (Table Presented). ER  - 
OBSERVATION ON THE THERAPEUTIC EFFECT OF GOUACHE COLOR APPLIED TO PSYCHOLOGICAL MEDIATED PERSONALIZED TRAINING ON COGNITIVE IMPAIRMENT IN PATIENTS WITH SEVERE DEPRESSION$$$ Objective: To explore the effect of using gouache color matching psychology mediated personalized training on cognitive dysfunction in patients with severe depression. Methods: 86 patients with major depression admitted to the Affiliated Hospital of a University Medical College from June 2019 to March 2022 were selected as the study subjects, and were randomly divided into observation group and control group, with 43 patients in each group. Patients in both groups were treated with non-convulsive electroconvulsive therapy (MECT); Patients in the observation group were also treated with gouache color matching psychology mediated personalized training while carrying out MECT. On the 3rd, 6th, 12th and 24th day after the treatment, MMSE was used to evaluate the treatment effect of the two groups. Results: after treatment, the MMSE total score and each item score of the two groups decreased compared with that before treatment (P < 0.05); Comparison of scores between the two groups: on the first 3 days, there was no statistical difference between the two groups (P > 0.05). On the sixth day after treatment, the total MMSE score and scores of other items except memory items of the patients in the observation group were significantly higher than those on the first day of treatment (P < 0.05); After 24 days of treatment, the total MMSE scores and individual scores between the two groups were not significantly different from those before treatment (P > 0.05). Conclusion: after MECT treatment, patients may have cognitive dysfunction in a short period of time. Implementing psychological mediated personalized training of gouache color matching has a significant effect on cognitive dysfunction in patients with severe depression in a short period of time. ER  - 
Spectrum of clinical manifestation and drugs in pediatric and adult SLE: An insight from clinicians$$$ Background: SLE is a chronic autoimmune disease with episodes of flare and remission. The morbidity and mortality of the patients in paediatric and adult-onset SLE differ with varied treatment regimen and drug choice. The present study aims to highlight the perspective of the clinicians treating paediatric and adult SLE, comparing their clinical profile along with drugs used at different time points. Objectives: 1) Compare clinical manifestations in paediatric and adult SLE at diagnosis and after treatment. 2) Stratifying SLE patients on disease activity and drugs (CYC, HCQ and MMF) with optimal therapeutics approach. Methods: The prospective and longitudinal study was performed in the Department of Rheumatology, Paediatric, Biochemistry and Nephrology in KMC Manipal and AIIMS New Delhi from Oct 2022 to July 2023. 42 adult and 11 paediatric lupus patients evaluated with clinical manifestations at diagnosis and after treatment with CYC, HCQ, MMF. BILAG scoring was done to evaluate the organ involved with disease activity. Blood plasma profiling for molecular stratification of patients at different stages of the disease and genomic DNA was isolated for SNPs nonresponding to the above drugs apart from clinical study. Ethics approval from both institutions has been taken for the study and patients gave their informed consent. Parents' consent has been taken for the paediatric group. Results: Out of 42 adult patients, our cohort includes 37 females (88%) and 5 males (11.9%) along with 11 paediatric patients 10 females (98%) and one male (2%). The mean patient age range from 12.9 years in paediatric to 28.5 in adult. The youngest patient was 15 year old female who developed the disease at 6 year. Arthralgia (83.3%) most common symptoms in adult followed by fever and photosensitivity (64.28%). Lupus headache, depression and anxiety were common in adult cohort with progression of disease. Renal involvement in 46% with majority in class IV (41.1%) class III (35.2%) lupus nephritis (LN) and one patient with chronic kidney disease (CKD). In case of paediatric lupus fever and rashes were common initial manifestation with majority involves renal involvement 36% followed by neuropsychiatric lupus (NPSLE) in (27%) population. Other manifestation include lupus associated pancreatitis, pericarditis and bullous lupus. Musculoskeletal, mucocutaneous, haematological and immunological dominates in adult (35%). HCQ the drug of choice in adults (50%) compared to paediatric where MMF seems to be highly used by paediatricians (63%). In our cohort, maximum patient was in remission with the response to drugs (HCQ- 72%, MMF-68% and Cyclo- 33%). Conclusions: Our study revealed lupus vasculitis, bullous lupus, and lupus hepatitis are peculiar in paediatric lupus. Lupus panniculitis and Ptrycheious lichenoid chronic are distinctive features seen in adult SLE. Overall NPSLE, LN, Seizures, Depression and CKD are major concern in both the population. HCQ and MMF seem to be optimal therapeutic immunosuppressants in different populations. Stratification of patients based on drug response and disease activity using clinical, molecular and genomic tools will resolve the complexity of lupus. ER  - 
NEUROLOGICAL FEATURES IN SCLEROSIS TUBEROSA: A 21 PATIENTS CASE SERIE$$$ Background and Aims: This observational, descriptive, retrospective study included a cohort of adult patients (≥ 18 years old) with definite diagnosis of tuberous sclerosis (TS) followed up at a tertiary care hospital (HGUGM) between January 2012 and January 2022. Methods: Review of consecutive medical data (both clinical and radiological) of adult patients diagnosed with TS between January 2012 and January 2022 and analysis of the data collected using the SPSS® 22 (IBM) and Epidat® 4.2 (SERGAS) programs. Results: 21 patients with a mean age of 39.3 years (range 20-69) were included. 14 were women (66.7%) and 7 men (33.3%). The mean age at diagnosis of TS was 13.5 years (range 0-49). Central nervous system involvement was the most frequent. 90.5% of the patients presented parenchymal lesions in the radiological tests. Cortical tubers were the most prevalent finding (90.5%), followed by subependymal nodules (SEN) in 85.7%, white radial migration lines (76.2%), and subependymal giant cell astrocytoma (14.3%). Regarding clinical manifestations, 47.6% presented epilepsy and in 80% of these, the crises were the first manifestation of the disease. Other 47.6% presented tuberous sclerosis associated neuropsychiatric disorders and most frequent were intellectual disability (19%), depression (14.3%), behavior disorders (9.5%) and attention deficit disorders and hyperactivity (9.5%). Conclusions: Cortical tubers and subependymal nodules are the most frequent neurological findings, with prevalence similar to those described in the literature. The prevalence of epilepsy is lower than in other clinical series, which could be explained by the older age at diagnosis and the milder involvement of the subjects in the current series. ER  - 
FREQUENCY OF PREGABALIN AND GABAPENTIN MISUSE IN PATIENTS WITH A HISTORY OF DRUG USE$$$ Objectives: Gabapentinoids, gabapentine and pregabaline are addictive drugs wich are widely used in the treatment of pain disorders, migraines, and some forms of epilepsy. This study aimed to investigate the frequency of gabapentine and pregabaline misuse in probation patients at the Alcohol and Substance Addictions Treatment Center (AMATEM) affiliated with our hospital. Materials-Methods: Urine toxicology results of patients who applied to Ankara Training and Research Hospital AMATEM outpatient clinic between August and November 2023 were retrospectively examined. Patients were classified according to their use of pregabalin, gabapentine alone and other substances (amphetamine, methamphetamine, cocaine, cannabinoid, opiate and metabolites) (double, triple and ≥quadruple use). Urine toxicology analyzes of the patients were performed with SCIEX QTRAP® 5500 triple quadrupole mass spectrometer (Massachusetts, USA) (LCMS/MS). Results: Drug positivity was detected in 1003 (37.4%) of 2677 probation patients who applied to the AMATEM outpatient clinic in a 3-month period. When patients with positive test results were examined, the positivity rates for pregabaline and gabapentine alone were 21.5% and 2.3%, respectively. In addition, double, triple and ≥quadruple substance use were 23.5%, 8.2% and 1.3%, respectively. Conclusion: This study showed that gabapentinoid misuse was high in our patient population, with pregabaline being misuse is most. Evidence suggests that gabapentinoid misuse/abuse represents a growing trend that is causing significant patient harm. Prescribers should exercise appropriate caution with use in high-risk populations and monitor for signs of misuse or abuse. ER  - 
Pediatric Autoimmune Encephalitis in Sri Lanka: A Single-Center Experience over 7 Years$$$ Pediatric autoimmune encephalitis (AE) remains a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge in resource-poor settings. Minimizing delay in diagnosis and appropriate escalation of treatment will help reduce both the short-and long-Term neurodisabilities. A retrospective observational study was performed on children consecutively diagnosed with possible AE and then prospectively followed up in a single tertiary care children's hospital in Sri Lanka. Serum and cerebrospinal fluid were tested for neuroglial surface-binding autoantibodies using cell-based assays in majority of these children. Twenty-five children (mean age 7.6 years, standard deviation = 4) were recruited. In these children, presenting symptom was psychiatric in 11 children (44%), seizures in 10 (40%), language regression in 2 (8%), and combination of psychosis and convulsions in 2 (8%). Psychiatric presentations were more common in older (>6 years) compared with young children (p = 0.001), while neurological presentations were more common in children aged ≤6 years (p = 0.001). N-methyl-D-Aspartate receptor (NMDAR) antibodies were detected in 9 (45%) and unspecified voltage-gated potassium channel antibodies in 1 (5%) of the 20 tested. All received intravenous steroids and immunoglobulins; 19 (76%) plasma exchange; 7 (29%) rituximab. Complete/substantial improvement at 3 months occurred in 64%. Pediatric Cerebral Performance Category score at last review was 1 (normal function for age) in 43%. Higher proportion of younger children required less intense therapy and had better recovery (56%). Death (8%), incomplete recovery (71%), and relapses (8%) were more in older children. Clinical presentation and disease outcomes were different in children aged <6 years compared with older age group. NMDAR antibody encephalitis was the commonest AE syndrome identified in this cohort. ER  - 
Social behavior in RASopathies and idiopathic autism$$$ Background: RASopathies are genetic syndromes that result from pathogenic variants in the RAS-MAPK cellular signaling pathway. These syndromes, which include neurofibromatosis type 1, Noonan syndrome, cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome, and Costello syndrome, are associated with a complex array of medical and behavioral health complications. Despite a heightened risk for social challenges and autism spectrum disorder (ASD), few studies have compared different aspects of social behavior across these conditions. It is also unknown whether the underlying neuropsychological characteristics that contribute to social competence and socially empathetic (“prosocial”) behaviors differ in children with RASopathies as compared to children with nonsyndromic (i.e., idiopathic) ASD. Methods: In this cross-sectional, survey-based investigation, caregivers of preschool and school-aged children with RASopathies (n = 202) or with idiopathic ASD (n = 109) provided demographic, medical, and developmental information about their child, including psychiatric comorbidities. For children who were able to communicate verbally, caregivers also completed standardized rating scales to assess social competence and empathetic behavior as well as symptoms of hyperactivity/inattention and emotional problems. Results: As compared to children with idiopathic ASD, children with RASopathies were rated as demonstrating more resilience in the domain of empathy relative to their overall social competence. Similarities and differences emerged in the psychological factors that predicted social behavior in these two groups. Stronger communication skills and fewer hyperactive-impulsive behaviors were associated with increased empathy and social competence for both groups. Greater emotional challenges were associated with lower social competence for children with RASopathies and stronger empathy for children with idiopathic ASD. Among children with RASopathy and a co-occurring ASD diagnosis, socially empathetic behaviors were observed more often as compared to children with idiopathic ASD. Conclusions: Findings suggest that the development of social behavior among children with RASopathies involves a distinct pattern of strengths and weaknesses as compared to a behaviorally defined disorder (idiopathic ASD). Identification of areas of resilience as well as behavioral and social challenges will support more targeted intervention. ER  - 
Polygenic contribution to the relationship of loneliness and social isolation with schizophrenia$$$ Previous research suggests an association of loneliness and social isolation (LNL-ISO) with schizophrenia. Here, we demonstrate a LNL-ISO polygenic score contribution to schizophrenia risk in an independent case-control sample (N = 3,488). We then subset schizophrenia predisposing variation based on its effect on LNL-ISO. We find that genetic variation with concordant effects in both phenotypes shows significant SNP-based heritability enrichment, higher polygenic contribution in females, and positive covariance with mental disorders such as depression, anxiety, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, alcohol dependence, and autism. Conversely, genetic variation with discordant effects only contributes to schizophrenia risk in males and is negatively correlated with those disorders. Mendelian randomization analyses demonstrate a plausible bi-directional causal relationship between LNL-ISO and schizophrenia, with a greater effect of LNL-ISO liability on schizophrenia than vice versa. These results illustrate the genetic footprint of LNL-ISO on schizophrenia. ER  - 
Valproate prescription to women of childbearing age in English primary care: repeated cross-sectional analyses and retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Valproate is a teratogenic drug that should be avoided during the preconception period and pregnancy. The aim was to explore general practitioners’ (GPs) prescription patterns over time, describe trends, and explore inter-practice variation within primary care. Methods: We identified women of childbearing age (12–46 years old) in the Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP) Research and Surveillance Centre (RSC) sentinel network. We performed repeated cross-sectional analyses from 2004 to 2018 to determine rates of prescription and a retrospective cohort estimated the prevalence of use of valproate during pregnancy. Results: In 2004, 0.31% (95% Confidence Interval (95%CI):0.18 to 0.44%) women were prescribed valproate, decreasing to 0.16% (95%CI:0.07 to 0.24%) by 2018. Among women with epilepsy, the rate fell from 15.2% (95%CI:14.4 to 16.0%) to 8.8% (95% CI:8.2 to 9.7%) over the same period. In 2018, almost two thirds (62.2%) of women who were prescribed valproate had epilepsy only, whereas bipolar disorder and migraine accounted for 15.8% and 7.4% respectively. Contraceptive prescriptions did not increase over time, and only in 2018 was there greater odds of being prescribed contraception (OR 1.41, 95%CI:1.08 to 1.45). Just under a fifth (19.7%) of women were prescribed valproate during their pregnancy; two out of three of these pregnancies were preceded by folic acid prescription (5 mg). While some practices reduced their rate of valproate prescription, others did not. Conclusions: Regulatory guidelines have changed GPs' prescription patterns in women of childbearing potential for valproate but not for contraception. Further research is needed to identify the barriers of GPs and women of childbearing potential to undertaking contraception. ER  - 
Clinical disease characteristics of patients with Niemann-Pick Disease Type C: findings from the International Niemann-Pick Disease Registry (INPDR)$$$ Background: Niemann-Pick Disease Type C (NPC) is an autosomal recessive rare disease characterised by progressive neurovisceral manifestations. The collection of on-going large-scale NPC clinical data may generate better understandings of the natural history of the disease. Here we report NPC patient data from the International Niemann-Pick Disease Registry (INPDR). Method: The INPDR is a web-based, patient-led independent registry for the collection of prospective and retrospective clinical data from Niemann-Pick Disease patients. Baseline data from NPC patients enrolled into the INPDR from September 2014 to December 2019 was extracted to analyse the demographic, genetic and clinical features of the disease. Results: A total of 203 NPC patients from six European countries were included in this study. The mean age (SD) at diagnosis was 11.2 years (14.2). Among enrolled patients, 168 had known neurological manifestations: 43 (24.2%) had early-infantile onset, 47 (26.4%) had late-infantile onset, 41 (23.0%) had juvenile onset, and 37 (20.8%) had adult onset. 10 (5.6%) patients had the neonatal rapidly fatal systemic form. Among the 97 patients with identified NPC1 variants, the most common variant was the c. 3182T > C variant responsible for the p.lle1061Thr protein change, reported in 35.1% (N = 34) of patients. The frequencies of hepatomegaly and neonatal jaundice were greatest in patients with early-infantile and late-infantile neurological onset. Splenomegaly was the most commonly reported observation, including 80% of adult-onset patients. The most commonly reported neurological manifestations were cognitive impairment (78.5%), dysarthria (75.9%), ataxia (75.9%), vertical supranuclear gaze palsy (70.9%) and dysphagia (69.6%). A 6-domain composite disability scale was used to calculate the overall disability score for each neurological form. Across all with neurological onset, the majority of patients showed moderate to severe impairments in all domains, except for ‘swallowing’ and ‘seizure’. The age at diagnosis and death increased with increased age of neurological symptom onset. Miglustat use was recorded in 62.4% of patients and the most common symptomatic therapies used by patients were antiepileptics (32.9%), antidepressants (11.8%) and antacids (9.4%). Conclusion: The proportion of participants at each age of neurological onset was relatively equal across the cohort. Neurological manifestations, such as ataxia, dysphagia, and dysarthria, were frequently observed across all age categories. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric lupus erythematosus in a cohort of Egyptian patients$$$ Background: The neuropsychiatric lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) is a severe complication of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) that is characterized by a variety of neurological manifestations involving both central and peripheral nervous system with variable mechanisms. This study aimed to investigate the frequency of NPSLE and its relation to other clinical and laboratory findings in SLE patients. Results: We retrieved the medical records of 134 SLE patients during the study period; of them, 68 patients (50.7%) had NPSLE. Headache (55. 9%) was the most frequent NPSLE manifestation followed by seizures (54.4%), psychosis was the third most frequent one with a percentage of 41.2. The demographic data didn’t differ in patients with and without NPSLE. NPSLE patients had lower complement 3 (C3) (p = 0.025) and C4 (p = 0.008) levels, more lupus anticoagulant level (p = 0.033) and more frequency of antiphospholipid syndrome (p = 0.030). There was no statistical difference regarding the drug intake or other laboratory findings. Disease activity and damage indices didn’t differ in both groups. Conclusion: The prevalence of NPSLE in this study was 50.7%. Headache, seizures and psychosis were the most frequent neuropsychiatric manifestations in the studied patients. SLE patients with neuropsychiatric manifestations had lower complement levels, higher lupus anticoagulant antibodies and antiphospholipid syndrome. ER  - 
Short-term outcome of intravenous methylprednisolone pulse therapy versus oral prednisolone in patients with epileptic spasms$$$ Background: Infantile spasm (IS) is an age-specific epileptic disorder of early infancy that typically presents with epileptic spasms occurring in clusters. International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) also recommends the term “IS syndrome” for clustered spasms occurring during infancy (~ 1 year, rarely after 2 years of age) accompanied by electroencephalography (EEG) hypsarrhythmia. Older clinical studies comparing efficacy of adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) and corticosteroids preferred ACTH, but recent studies did not observe a significant difference between both nor showed better efficacy of oral prednisolone compared to intramuscular synthetic one. Participants were 53 patients with epileptic spasms divided into two groups: 26 patients treated by intravenous methylprednisolone (group A) and 27 treated by oral prednisolone (group B). Both groups were matched in age, sex, and age of spasm onset. The outcome measures were spasms cessation at 7 and 14 days and recurrence at 6 weeks after tapering, EEG improvement at 2 and 6 weeks, and frequency of side effects. Results: We found that both groups had similar results regarding frequency of children achieving spasms cessation at day 7 and day 14 (53.8% vs 51.9% and 38.5% vs 40.7%, p = 1.000 each), respectively. After drug tapering, there was insignificant difference between both groups regarding recurrence of spasm at 6 weeks (14.8% vs 11.5%, p = 1.000) and EEG improvement at 2 weeks (42.3% vs 33.3%, p = 0.577) with nearly similar improvement in both groups at 6 weeks (46.2% vs 48.1%, p = 1.000). With regard to adverse effects of both therapies, no difference observed between both groups. Conclusions: No significant difference was found between oral prednisolone and intravenous methylprednisolone in treatment of epileptic spasm regarding short-term outcomes. The only advantage of intravenous therapy is decreased time to get response and the only advantage of oral therapy is its applicability at home without hospitalization. Further studies are warranted to explore the long-term outcomes. ER  - 
ADHD symptoms and school impairment history in parents of ADHD children are a fundamental diagnostic and therapeutic clue$$$ Background: Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a multi-factorial condition, with inheritance playing a major role. Recognizing parents’ ADHD represents a clue not only for an earlier diagnosis of the disease in their children, but also to optimize psycho-educational therapy outcomes, by addressing the impairment of parenting related to untreated ADHD. This study aimed to assess the frequency of features suggestive of ADHD during childhood among parents of affected children, and the presence of school and emotional impairment. Methods: We administered the Wender Utah Rating Scale-25, a self-assessment tool for the retrospective identification of symptoms consistent with ADHD during childhood, to a cohort of 120 parents of 60 children with ADHD, and to a consistent number of “controls”. Results: The WURS-25 proved positive in 49.1% of fathers and 30.0% of mothers of ADHD patients, compared to 1.7% of fathers and 1.7% of mothers of non-ADHD patients (p < 0.0001). The questions addressing learning and emotional impairment provided significantly higher scores in parents with an overall positive test compared to those with negative test (p < 0.0001). Conclusions: This study demonstrates a remarkably high rate of symptoms consistent with ADHD during childhood in parents of affected children. Physicians should be aware that this is a relevant anamnestic clue and, given the relevance of parents’ role in the management of children with ADHD, an important issue to address in order to optimize patients’ treatment. ER  - 
A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to test efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation to the motor cortex after stroke (NETS): study protocol$$$ Introduction: The WHO estimates that each year 5 million people are left permanently disabled after stroke. Adjuvant treatments to promote the effects of rehabilitation are urgently needed. Cortical excitability and neuroplasticity can be enhanced by non-invasive brain stimulation but evidence from sufficiently powered, randomized controlled multi-center clinical trials is absent. Methods: Neuroregeneration enhanced by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in stroke (NETS) tested efficacy and safety of anodal tDCS to the primary motor cortex of the lesioned hemisphere in the subacute phase (day 5–45) after cerebral ischemia. Stimulation was combined with standardized rehabilitative training and repeatedly applied in 10 sessions over a period of 2 weeks in a planned sample of 120 patients. Primary outcome parameter was upper-extremity function at the end of the 2-weeks intervention period of active treatment or placebo (1:1 randomization), measured by the upper-extremity Fugl-Meyer assessment. Sustainability of the treatment effect was evaluated by additional follow-up visits after 30 and 90 days. Further secondary endpoints included metrics of arm and hand function, stroke impact scale, and the depression module of the patient health questionnaire. Perspective: NETS was aimed at providing evidence for an effective and safe adjuvant treatment for patients after stroke. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT00909714. Registered May 28, 2009. ER  - 
Resistance training for Black men with depressive symptoms: a pilot randomized controlled trial to assess acceptability, feasibility, and preliminary efficacy$$$ Background: Depression is under-recognized in Black men, who are less likely to seek or have access to psychiatric treatment. Resistance training (RT; i.e., weight lifting) can improve depressive symptoms and may be more acceptable to Black men, but its effects have not been examined for Black men with depressive symptoms. Methods: Fifty Black men with depressive symptoms were randomized to either (a) 12 weeks of RT (coupled with Behavioral Activation techniques to promote adherence) or (b) an attention-control group (Health, Wellness, and Education; HWE). Both groups met twice/week for 12 weeks, and follow-up assessments were done at end-of-treatment (EOT) and 6 months after enrollment. Changes in physical activity and muscular strength were collected as a manipulation check. The primary outcome was interviewer assessed symptoms of depression using the Quick Inventory of Depression Symptomology (QIDS). Secondary outcomes included self-reported depressive symptoms, anxiety, and stress. The association between change in QIDS from baseline to EOT and concurrent changes in physical activity and muscular strength in the RT group were explored as an initial assessment of mechanism. Longitudinal mixed effects regression models with subject-specific intercepts were used to examine intervention effects. Results: A sample with high rates of medical comorbidities (e.g., 44% HIV positive), substance use (e.g., 34% smoking), and negative social determinates of health (e.g., 50% unemployed) was enrolled. Recruitment, engagement, and retention data indicate that the intervention and design were feasible. The RT group showed greater gains in self-reported exercise (b = 270.94, SE = 105.69, p =.01) and muscular strength (b = 11.71, SE = 4.23, p =.01 for upper body and b = 4.24, SE = 2.02, p =.04 for lower body) than the HWE group. The RT group had greater reductions in QIDS scores at both EOT (b = -3.00, SE = 1.34, p =.01) and 6 months (b = -2.63, SE = 1.81, p =.04). The RT group showed a greater reduction in anxiety at EOT (b = -2.67, SE = 1.06, p =.02). Findings regarding self-reported depressive symptoms and stress were non-significant, but in the expected direction with effect sizes in the small to medium range. In the RT group, improvement on the QIDS between baseline and EOT was associated with concurrent improvements in physical activity (b = 21.03, SE = 11.16, p =.02) and muscular strength (b = 1.27, SE =.44, p =.03 for upper body and b =.75, SE =.14, p =.03 for lower body). Conclusions: Results suggest that RT is feasible and may be efficacious for reducing depressive symptoms among underserved urban Black men. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrial.gov #: NCT03107039 (Registered 11/04/2017). ER  - 
The efficacy and safety of intravenous tranexamic acid in patients with posterior operation of multilevel thoracic spine stenosis: a prospective randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: This study was a randomized controlled trial to evaluate efficacy and safety of the usage of intravenous tranexamic acid during posterior operation of multilevel thoracic spine stenosis for controlling perioperative blood loss. Methods: Sixty eight patients with multilevel thoracic spine stenosis were randomized into the tranexamic acid group receiving 15 mg/kg body weight before the skin incision was made and 1 mg/kg body weight per hour during operation or the control group receiving the same dose of placebo (0.9% sodium chloride solution) intravenously. Pedicle screw fixation, laminectomy and selective discectomy were performed. Intraoperative and perioperative total blood loss were compared. The necessity and amount for blood transfusion, blood coagulation function, durations of postoperative hospital stays were compared. The complications of tranexamic acid were also investigated such as cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events, lower limb venous thrombosis. Results: There were no statistically significant differences in age, gender, body mass index, ASA status, pathology required surgery, preoperative hemoglobin, operation time, laminectomy segments and discectomy segments between the tranexamic acid and control groups. The intraoperative blood loss (455.9 ± 206.6 ml vs 580.6 ± 224.3 ml, p < 0.05) and total blood loss (675.3 ± 170.3 ml vs 936.8 ± 306.4 ml, p < 0.01) in tranexamic acid group were significant lower than those in control group. The means of blood unit transfused (2.5 ± 1.0 vs 4.7 ± 2.4, p < 0.05) and Hb reduction in 48 h (22.5 ± 3.4 g/L vs 25.3 ± 3.9 g/L, p < 0.01) were significantly lower in tranexamic acid group than that in control group. There were no statistically significant differences in blood coagulation function pre-operation or 48 h post-operation between the tranexamic acid and the control groups. The requirements for patients to receive blood transfusion were fewer and durations of post-operational hospital stays were shorter in the tranexamic acid group, however, the difference did not achieve statistical significance. There was no significant difference in superficial or deep venous thrombosis of lower limbs or deterioration of neurological function between tranexamic acid group and control group. Conclusions: Application of intravenous tranexamic acid significantly reduces intraoperative and perioperative total blood loss without significant side effects in posterior operation of multilevel thoracic spine stenosis. Trial registration: At Chinese Clinal Trial Registry. http://www.chictr.org.cn/, ChiCTR2100054221. Registered on 11/12/2021. ER  - 
Gender differences in prevalence and risk factors of sleep disturbances in patients with epilepsy$$$ Background: Sleep disturbances are frequently observed in patients with epilepsy (PWE), with adversely effects on life quality and seizure control. The study aimed to assess the gender differences in incidence and factors of sleep disturbances in PWE. Methods: PWE confirmed the diagnosis of epilepsy were consecutively enrolled in this cross-sectional study, with detailed information recorded. A group of healthy participants were recruited as the control. Sleep and mood disorders were evaluated with the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI). Results: One hundred and thirty-three patients (age: 30.2 ± 10.6 years, men: 51%) and 150 healthy subjects were recruited in this study. Compared with healthy controls, PWE had higher mean scores of the ISI and BDI (p < 0.001 and p = 0.01). There were no significant gender differences in the prevalence and scores of sleep disturbances in PWE. In the overall PWE, nocturnal seizures and focal epilepsy were respectively related to insomnia and poor sleep quality (OR = 3.35, p = 0.024; OR = 3.08, p = 0.013), and mood disorders were also important factors in sleep disturbances (p < 0.05). In the analysis by gender, depression, anxiety, nocturnal seizures and focal epilepsy were associated with insomnia and poor sleep quality in men. For women, however, depression mood was the only factor of sleep disturbances. Conclusions: Though no gender difference was observed in the incidence of sleep disturbances, factors contributing to insomnia and sleep quality were different by gender. The factors and gender differences of sleep disturbances should be taken into account in the clinical treatment. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression among epilepsy patients in low-risk areas for COVID-19 in the northern part of Guizhou Province, China, during the COVID-19 pandemic$$$ Background: This study was aimed to investigate whether patients with epilepsy (PWE) have higher depression and anxiety levels than the normal population in low-risk areas for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in the northern part of Guizhou Province, China, during the COVID-19 epidemic, to evaluate their knowledge on COVID-19, and to analyze related factors for the psychological distress of PWE at this special time. Methods: The survey was conducted online from February 28, 2020 to March 7, 2020 via a questionnaire. PWE from the outpatient clinic of epilepsy of the Affiliated Hospital of Zunyi Medical University, and healthy people matched for age and sex, participated in this study. Mental health was assessed via a generalized anxiety self-rating scale (GAD-7) and the self-rating depression scale (PHQ-9). The knowledge of COVID-19 in both groups was investigated. Results: There were no significant differences in the general demographics between the PWE and healthy control groups. The scores of PHQ-9 (P < 0.01) and GAD-7 (P < 0.001) were higher in the PWE group than in the healthy group. There was a significant difference in the proportions of respondents with different severities of depression and anxiety, between the two groups, which revealed significantly higher degree of depression and anxiety in PWE than in healthy people (P = 0, P = 0). Overwhelming awareness and stressful concerns for the pandemic and female patients with epilepsy were key factors that affect the level of anxiety and depression in PWE. Further, the PWE had less accurate knowledge of COVID-19 than healthy people (P < 0.001). There was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in the knowledge of virus transmission route, incubation period, susceptible population, transmission speed, clinical characteristics, and isolation measures on COVID-19 (P > 0.05). PWE knew less about some of the prevention and control measures of COVID-19 than healthy people. Conclusions: During the COVID-19 epidemic, excessive attention to the epidemic and the female sex are factors associated with anxiety and depression in PWE, even in low-risk areas. ER  - 
Study of Prevalence of Delirium Tremens in Alcohol Related Disorders$$$ Background: Delirium tremens is one of the severe complications of alcohol withdrawal syndrome which is associated with a high morbidity and mortality. Material and methods: A prospective cross sectional study was conducted, Department of Psychiatry, at Darbhanga medical college and Hospital, Darbhanga. for a period of oneyear, A total of 160 cases that were referred to psychiatry department with alcoholdependence syndrome were assessed and 153 cases were included for the final analysis after taking written informed consent. Conclusion: The prevalence of DT in cases with alcohol dependence syndrome was21% in the patients admitted in a general hospital setup for alcohol de-addiction. Occurrence of withdrawal seizures and higher scores on CIWA-Ar predicated the occurrence of DT in the current sample. ER  - 
Consistency of parent-report SLC6A1 data in Simons Searchlight with Provider-Based Publications$$$ Background: SLC6A1-related disorder is a recently identified, rare, genetic neurodevelopmental disorder that is associated with loss-of-function variants in SLC6A1. This gene encodes GABA transporter type I that is responsible for re-uptake of GABA from the synapse into the pre-synaptic terminal or circulating neuroglia. Based upon retrospective review of published cases and available research databases including Epi25 collective and SLC6A1 Connect patient database, the phenotypic spectrum is broad and includes developmental delay, epilepsy, and autism or autistic traits. SLC6A1 is one of the genes included in the Simons Searchlight registry, which includes standardized data collection across genetically identified neurodevelopmental conditions. Methods: In this study, we compare parent-report measures of phenotypic features in the Simons Searchlight registry to previously published, provider-reported cases to assess if parent-report measures are consistent with what has been reported in the literature. Results: There were 116 participants in the provider-reported dataset compared to 43 individuals in the caregiver-reported dataset. Carriers in Searchlight had 83 unique pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants in SLC6A1, which were predominantly missense or nonsense variants. There was no significant difference between groups for the prevalence of developmental delay, ASD, or ADHD. Caregivers more often reported hypotonia, while epilepsy was slightly more frequently reported by providers. Conclusions: We propose that standardized parent-report data collection methods are consistent with provider reports on many core features of SLC6A1-related disorder. The availability of patient registries and standardized natural history studies may fill an important need in clinical trial readiness programs, with larger sample sizes than smaller published case series. ER  - 
Continuous Electroencephalogram Evaluation of Paroxysmal Events in Critically Ill Patients: Diagnostic Yield and Impact on Clinical Decision Making$$$ Background: Continuous electroencephalogram (cEEG) monitoring has been widely used in the intensive care unit (ICU) for the evaluation of patients in the ICU with altered consciousness to detect nonconvulsive seizures. We investigated the yield of cEEG when used to evaluate paroxysmal events in patients in the ICU and assessed the predictors of a diagnostic findings. The clinical impact of cEEG was also evaluated in this study. Methods: We identified patients in the ICU who underwent cEEG monitoring (> 6 h) to evaluate paroxysmal events between January 1, 2018, and December 31, 2019. We extracted patient demographics, medical history, neurological examination, brain imaging results, and the description of the paroxysmal events that necessitated the monitoring. We dichotomized the cEEG studies into those that captured habitual nonepileptic events or revealed epileptiform discharges (ictal or interictal), i.e., those considered to be of positive diagnostic yield (Y +), and those studies that did not show those findings (negative diagnostic yield, Y −). We also assessed the clinical impact of cEEG by documenting changes in administered antiseizure medication (ASM) before and after the cEEG. Results: We identified 159 recordings that were obtained for the indication of paroxysmal events, of which abnormal movements constituted the majority (n = 123). For the remaining events (n = 36), descriptions included gaze deviations, speech changes, and sensory changes. Twenty-nine percent (46 of 159) of the recordings were Y + , including the presence of ictal or interictal epileptiform discharges (n = 33), and captured habitual nonepileptic events (n = 13). A history of epilepsy was the only predictor of the study outcome. Detection of abnormal findings occurred within 6 h of the recording in most patients (30 of 46, 65%). Overall, cEEG studies led to 49 (31%) changes in ASM administration. The changes included dosage increases or initiation of ASM in patients with epileptiform discharges (n = 28) and reduction or elimination of ASM in patients with either habitual nonepileptic events (n = 5) or Y − cEEG studies (n = 16). Conclusions: Continuous electroencephalogram monitoring is valuable in evaluating paroxysmal events, with a diagnostic yield of 29% in critically ill patients. A history of epilepsy predicts diagnostic studies. Both Y + and Y − cEEG studies may directly impact clinical decisions by leading to ASMs changes. ER  - 
Structural network alterations in focal and generalized epilepsy assessed in a worldwide ENIGMA study follow axes of epilepsy risk gene expression$$$ Epilepsy is associated with genetic risk factors and cortico-subcortical network alterations, but associations between neurobiological mechanisms and macroscale connectomics remain unclear. This multisite ENIGMA-Epilepsy study examined whole-brain structural covariance networks in patients with epilepsy and related findings to postmortem epilepsy risk gene expression patterns. Brain network analysis included 578 adults with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE), 288 adults with idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE), and 1328 healthy controls from 18 centres worldwide. Graph theoretical analysis of structural covariance networks revealed increased clustering and path length in orbitofrontal and temporal regions in TLE, suggesting a shift towards network regularization. Conversely, people with IGE showed decreased clustering and path length in fronto-temporo-parietal cortices, indicating a random network configuration. Syndrome-specific topological alterations reflected expression patterns of risk genes for hippocampal sclerosis in TLE and for generalized epilepsy in IGE. These imaging-transcriptomic signatures could potentially guide diagnosis or tailor therapeutic approaches to specific epilepsy syndromes. ER  - 
Neuropsychological performance in patients with focal drug-resistant epilepsy and different factors that affect their performance$$$ Background: Drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) accounts for nearly 30% of patients with epilepsy, which is associated with high incidence of cognitive comorbidity. The aim of this work was to study the role of neuropsychological assessment in patients with epilepsy, and different factors that affect their performance in patients with multiple factors (focal onset DRE). Methods: 118 patients were recruited from Kasr Alainy hospital, epilepsy outpatient clinic with focal DRE. The patients’ demographic and clinical data were collected, Electroencephalograph (EEG) interictal/ictal (when available), and brain imaging (MRI epilepsy protocol). Neuropsychological assessment by Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAIS-IV), proposed neurocognitive assessment battery and mood assessment was done. Their performance in neuropsychological assessment was correlated with the collected data. Concordance between different assessment modalities and brain lesion were done. Results: Among recruited patients, 67.3% of patients showed Full-scale Intelligence Quotient (FSIQ) was less than average. FSIQ score significantly correlated with years of education, and number of anti-seizure medications (ASMs). Neurocognitive assessment battery could achieve cognitive profile of the patients but with poor lateralizing value. Executive function was the most affected cognitive domain. History of status epilepticus significantly affect FSIQ and executive function performance. Fifty-six percent of patients had depression. Among the analyzed factors, FSIQ and lesional brain imaging significantly affected neurocognitive performance of studied patients. Clinical semiology had better concordance in lateralization (74.7%) and localization (69.5%) with brain imaging compared to ictal EEG. Among patients who had ictal EEG recording, 36.4% patients (25% were temporal lobe) had complete concordance, while 38.6% patients had partial concordance. Conclusions: Among analyzed factors, FSIQ was the most significant determinant of studied population’s neurocognitive performance. Clinical semiology were the best correlated with brain lesion. Complete concordance was best detected at the temporal lobe. ER  - 
A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of lamotrigine in the maintenance treatment of Chinese adult patients with bipolar I disorder$$$ Background: Lamotrigine is approved as a maintenance therapy for bipolar I disorder in many countries, including China in 2021. This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of lamotrigine in controlling relapse and/or recurrence of mood episodes in Chinese patients with bipolar I disorder. Methods: Patients aged ≥ 18 years with bipolar I disorder who met response criteria (Clinical Global Impression–Severity [CGI-S] score of ≤ 3 for ≥ 4 consecutive weeks) during treatment with lamotrigine in a 6–16 week open-label (OL) phase, and who were maintained for ≥ 1 week on lamotrigine 200 mg/day monotherapy, were randomised (1:1) to continue receiving lamotrigine 200 mg/day or switch to placebo in a 36-week randomised double-blind (RD) phase. The primary efficacy outcome measure was time from entry into the RD phase to intervention for relapse and/or recurrence of a mood episode (TIME). Post hoc analyses assessed the impact of OL baseline mood severity on TIME. Safety assessments were conducted throughout the study. Results: Of 420 patients treated in the OL phase, 264 were randomised to receive lamotrigine (n = 131) or placebo (n = 133). Overall, 112 patients had an intervention for relapse and/or recurrence of a mood episode (lamotrigine, n = 50/130 [38.5%]; placebo, n = 62/133 [46.6%]), with no significant difference in TIME between groups (adjusted hazard ratio [95% confidence interval (CI)] 0.93 [0.64, 1.35]; p = 0.701). Post hoc analyses indicated a significant difference in TIME, favouring lamotrigine over placebo, for patients with baseline CGI-S score ≥ 4 (hazard ratio [95% CI] 0.52 [0.30, 0.89]; p = 0.018) and with baseline Hamilton Depression Rating Scale ≥ 18 or Young Mania Rating Scale ≥ 10 (0.44 [hazard ratio [95% CI] 0.25, 0.78]; p = 0.005). Lamotrigine was well tolerated with no new safety signals. Conclusions: Lamotrigine was not significantly superior to placebo in preventing relapse and/or recurrence of mood episodes in this study of Chinese patients with bipolar I disorder but post hoc analyses suggested a therapeutic benefit in patients with moderate/severe mood symptoms at baseline. The discrepancy between these findings and the positive findings of the pivotal studies may be attributable to the symptom severity of the bipolar patients recruited, a high dropout rate, and the comparatively short duration of the RD phase rather than race/ethnicity differences. Clinical trial registration ClinicalTrial.gov Identifier NCT01602510; 21st May 2012; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01602510. ER  - 
A review of botanical, biogeographical phytochemical and toxicological aspects of the toxic plants in Morocco$$$ The relationship between humans and plants has once again become increasingly intimate and diversified, (satisfaction of nutritional) (food, condiments, drinks), aromatic (perfume), medicinal and ornamental needs. However, some plants can cause serious intoxication for humans. A toxic plant, are species that contains in some of its parts, or all of it, toxic substances mainly for humans or animals. The toxic principles contained in plants are generally organic compounds, more rarely minerals and the toxicity is most often manifested by the ingestion of certain parts, but also by contact. In this work, we have produced an exhaustive discussion (botanical, biogeographical and phytochemical) of the most toxic plants in Morocco selected because of their known toxicity and the frequency of the occurrence of poisoning. Also, an approach to the risk associated with their use has been detailed. ER  - 
Safety of low-intensity repetitive transcranial magneTic brAin stimUlation foR people living with mUltiple Sclerosis (TAURUS): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is an inflammatory and neurodegenerative disease, characterised by oligodendrocyte death and demyelination. Oligodendrocyte progenitor cells can differentiate into new replacement oligodendrocytes; however, remyelination is insufficient to protect neurons from degeneration in people with MS. We previously reported that 4 weeks of daily low-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in an intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) pattern increased the number of new myelinating oligodendrocytes in healthy adult mice. This study translates this rTMS protocol and aims to determine its safety and tolerability for people living with MS. We will also perform magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and symptom assessments as preliminary indicators of myelin addition following rTMS. Methods: Participants (N = 30, aged 18–65 years) will have a diagnosis of relapsing-remitting or secondary progressive MS. ≤2 weeks before the intervention, eligible, consenting participants will complete a physical exam, baseline brain MRI scan and participant-reported MS symptom assessments [questionnaires: Fatigue Severity Scale, Quality of Life (AQoL-8D), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale; and smartphone-based measures of cognition (electronic symbol digit modalities test), manual dexterity (pinching test, draw a shape test) and gait (U-Turn test)]. Participants will be pseudo-randomly allocated to rTMS (n=20) or sham (placebo; n=10), stratified by sex. rTMS or sham will be delivered 5 days per week for 4 consecutive weeks (20 sessions, 6 min per day). rTMS will be applied using a 90-mm circular coil at low-intensity (25% maximum stimulator output) in an iTBS pattern. For sham, the coil will be oriented 90° to the scalp, preventing the magnetic field from stimulating the brain. Adverse events will be recorded daily. We will evaluate participant blinding after the first, 10th and final session. After the final session, participants will repeat symptom assessments and brain MRI, for comparison with baseline. Participant-reported assessments will be repeated at 4-month post-allocation follow-up. Discussion: This study will determine whether this rTMS protocol is safe and tolerable for people with MS. MRI and participant-reported symptom assessments will serve as preliminary indications of rTMS efficacy for myelin addition to inform further studies. Trial registration: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12619001196134. Registered on 27 August 2019. ER  - 
Transient epileptic amnesia—A rare phenomenon in temporal lobe epilepsies$$$ Background: Transient epileptic amnesia (TEA) is a rare phenomenon in temporal lobe epilepsy that is often unrecognized or misdiagnosed as transient global amnesia (TGA). It is postulated that TEA is due to both ictal and postictal disturbances. Response to antiseizure medication underlines its epileptic nature. In view of the increasing incidence of new-onset epilepsies in old age, an increase in TEA can be expected in the future. Objective: Analysis of TEA features in a monocentric case series. Material and methods: A search in our electronic patient data base yielded 10 patients with TEA out of 7899 patients over a period of 8 years. Clinical and paraclinical features as well as findings of additional examinations were retrospectively collected. Data are given as mean± SD. Results: All 10 patients were diagnosed with temporal lobe epilepsy. The mean age at manifestation of TEA was 59.1± 6.7 years, the diagnosis was made with a delay of 21.9± 26.3 months. The TEA lasted on average 56± 37min, and 16± 9.9 TEA episodes per year were reported by the patients; out of the 10 patients 6 reported that TEA usually occurred upon awakening. In 9 of 10 patients, there was evidence of typical seizure symptoms or other semiological elements during TEA. Interictal neuropsychological disturbances of temporal functions were seen in 8 of 10 patients and evidence of depressive disorder in 6 of 10 patients. Video EEG recordings revealed epileptiform activity during sleep in 4 patients over the left and in 2 patients over both temporal regions. In 3 patients, magnetic resonance imaging displayed typical alterations of the temporomesial structures (in 2 patients on the left and in 1 the right side). Antiseizure medication improved seizure control in 7 of 10 patients (seizure freedom in 6 patients), 3 patients were lost to follow-up. Discussion: TEA is rare, occurs in older adults and is correctly diagnosed after about 2 years. Thorough assessment of additional symptoms and circumstances, the recurrent occurrence as well as typical EEG and imaging findings of temporal lobe epilepsy enables the distinction between TEA and TGA. ER  - 
Differences between men and women in response to antiseizure medication use and the likelihood of developing treatment resistant epilepsy$$$ Objective: The prevalence of epilepsy is slightly higher in women than in men and sensitivity to seizure stimuli differs between sexes. Some evidence suggests sex differences in response to antiseizure medications exist mainly due to inconsistent pharmacokinetic differences; however, there is a lack of real-world evidence examining differences in response to antiseizure medications between men and women. Methods: This was a retrospective population-based cohort study in five large US healthcare databases. The population included adult patients with epilepsy, newly exposed to levetiracetam, and naive to antiseizure medication. The first exposure to levetiracetam was the index date. The requirement that all patients received the same medication was done to avoid potential confounding due to differences in index treatment. The outcome was the development of treatment resistant epilepsy (TRE), defined as having at least three distinct antiseizure medications in 1 year. The proportion of patients who developed TRE within 1 year following the index date was calculated. To compare the risk of developing TRE between sexes, relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated, and estimates were pooled using meta-analytic techniques stratified by gender and age. Results: A total of 147 334 subjects were included in the databases, 50.8% were women, and 4.27% developed TRE. The comorbid profile differed greatly between men and women; however, the types of epilepsy syndromes observed during baseline were similar between the two groups. Across all databases, women were more likely to develop TRE than men (pooled RR 1.27, 95% CI 1.17-1.38). Results remained similar when stratified by age. Significance: This study assessed sex differences in response to antiseizure medications using the development of TRE as a proxy for effectiveness. Women newly exposed to levetiracetam were 27% more likely to develop TRE than men, independent of age. ER  - 
Impact of opium tincture and exercise in the management of opioid withdrawal: Assessing behavioural and neuroendocrine changes in Opioid Use Disorder patients$$$ Background: In this study, we investigated whether the exercise would reduce the severity of dependence, stress, anxiety, depression, craving and serum levels of cortisol, and increase anandamide (AEA) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in opioid use disorder patients receiving the opium tincture (OT). This study was a pretest-posttest quasi-ex-perimental design. Methods: Two groups of opioid-dependent patients (32 out of 47 men) were treated with OT and/or OT/exercise for 11 months. Both groups completed the questionnaires of Leeds Dependence, Depression Anxiety Stress Scales, Desire for Drug Questionnaire before and after treatment. Also, venous blood was taken after 8 hours fasting before and after treatment to measure serum levels of cortisol, AEA, and BDNF. Results: We found no significant difference in the pretest–posttest difference scores of the severity of dependence, depression, stress, anxiety, craving, and levels of biomarkers in both groups and between two groups of patients receiving OT and OT/exercise. However, a comparison of pretest and posttest of two groups showed that maintenance treatment with OT significantly decreased the severity of de-pendence, depression, anxiety, stress and craving for opioid and increased serum level of BDNF in both groups of patients receiving OT and OT/exercise. Conclusions: We conclude that maintenance treatment with OT may be beneficial in the management of opioid withdrawal, but not exercise. ER  - 
Psychiatric adverse events in three phase III trials of eslicarbazepine acetate for focal seizures$$$ Objective: Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is a once-daily (QD), oral anti-seizure medication for the treatment of focal (partial-onset) seizures. Here, we evaluate risk factors for the development of psychiatric treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) in clinical trials of adjunctive ESL in adults with focal seizures. Methods: This post-hoc analysis evaluated data pooled from three Phase III, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (BIA-2093-301, -302, -304). After an 8-week baseline period, patients were randomized equally to receive placebo, ESL 400 mg (not reported here), 800 mg, or 1200 mg QD (up to 2-week titration; 12-week maintenance; optional open-label extension [OLE]). Incidences of psychiatric TEAEs were evaluated according to three separate criteria: medical history of psychiatric disorders (yes/no); baseline use of psychotropic drugs (yes/no); Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score at baseline (0–6: normal; 7–19: mild depression; 20–34: moderate depression). Results: The analysis populations comprised 1251 patients for the controlled study period and 1137 patients for the 1-year OLE. Psychiatric TEAE incidence was similar between patients taking ESL and placebo in the controlled and OLE study periods and was not related to ESL dose. Psychiatric TEAEs generally occurred more frequently in patients with a medical history of psychiatric disorders, using psychotropic drugs, or with depressive symptoms than in those without a history, not using psychotropic drugs, or with no depressive symptoms. Depression and anxiety were the most frequently reported psychiatric TEAEs. Significance: Overall, in clinical trials of ESL in adults with focal seizures, incidences of psychiatric events were not statistically different between patients taking ESL and placebo, were not related to ESL dose, and generally occurred more frequently in patients with baseline psychiatric symptoms or a history of psychiatric disorders. Long-term exposure to ESL was not associated with a marked increase in the incidence of psychiatric TEAEs. ER  - 
Prevalence and associated factors of depression among people with epilepsy in Ethiopia: a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Depression is the most common comorbid psychiatric disorders that affect people with epilepsy. We aim to determine the prevalence of depression and associated factors among people with epilepsy. Results: The prevalence of depression was found to be 34.8%. Unable to read and write (AOR = 0.400, 95% CI: 0.162, 0.986), long duration of the medication intake at least for 11 years (AOR = 3.715, 95% CI: 1.498, 9.212), absence of improvement with antiepileptic drugs (AOR = 0.216, 95% CI: 0.101, 0.460), feeling of perceived stigma (AOR = 0.244, 95% CI: 0.129, 0.462), stress symptoms (AOR = 0.452, 95% CI: 0.220, 0.928), were significantly associated with depression. Conclusions: Prevalence of depression among people with epilepsy was high. Therefore, early screening and management is mandatory. This is the first research study, to our knowledge, that evaluates the association between substance use, sexual and physical abuse among people with epilepsy with depression. Therefore, future research needs to investigate the association. ER  - 
Head computed tomography for elderly patients with acute altered mental status in the emergency setting: value for decision-making and predictors of abnormal findings$$$ Objective This study evaluated the impact of head computed tomography (CT) on clinical decision-making about older adults with acute altered mental status (AMS) in the emergency department in terms of CT’s diagnostic yield, emergency department length of stay, and changes in medical strategy. It also attempted to find predictors of an acute imaging abnormality. Methods This was a 1-year, retrospective, single-center observational study of patients aged ≥ 75 years who underwent noncontrast head CT because of an isolated episode of AMS. The acute positive CT findings were ischemic strokes, hemorrhages, tumors, demyelinating lesions, hydrocephalus, and intracranial infections. Results A total of 594 CTs were performed, of which 38 (6.4%) were positive. The main etiology of AMS was sepsis (29.1%). Changes in medical strategy were more common in patients with a positive CT, and the major changes were ordering additional neuro exams (odds ratio [OR], 95.3; 95% confidence interval [CI], 38.4–233.8; P<0.001), adjusting treatments (OR, 12.2; 95% CI, 5.0–29.5; P<0.001), and referral to a neurologic unit (OR, 7.3; 95% CI, 3.0–17.5; P<0.01). Three factors were significantly associated with a positive outcome: Glasgow Coma Scale < 13 (OR, 8.5; 95% CI, 2.3–28.9; P<0.001), head wound (OR, 3.1; 95% CI, 1.1–8.2; P=0.025), and dehydration (OR, 0.3; 95% CI, 0.1–0.4; P=0.021). For elderly patients with a Glasgow Coma Scale ≥ 13 and no head wound or clinical dehydration, the probability of a positive CT was 0.02 (95% CI, 0.01–0.04). Considering only those patients, the diagnostic yield fell to 1.7%. Conclusion In elderly patients, the causes of AMS are primarily extracerebral. Randomized clinical trials are needed to validate a clinical pathway for selecting patients who require emergent neuroimaging. ER  - 
Shoulder-Touch test to reveal incongruencies in persons with functional motor disorders$$$ Background and Purpose: Clinical experience suggests that many patients with functional motor disorders (FMD), despite reporting severe balance problems, typically do not fall frequently. This discrepancy may hint towards a functional component. Here, we explored the role of the Shoulder-Touch test, which features a light touch on the patient's shoulders, to reveal a possible functional etiology of postural instability. Methods: We enrolled consecutive outpatients with a definite diagnosis of FMD. Patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) or progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP) with postural instability served as controls. Each patient underwent a clinical evaluation including testing for postural instability using the retropulsion test. Patients with an abnormal retropulsion test (score ≥ 1) also received a light touch on their shoulders to explore the presence (S-Touch+) or absence (S-Touch−) of an incongruent, exaggerated postural response, defined as taking three or more steps to recover or a fall if not caught by the examiner. Results: From a total sample of 52 FMD patients, 48 patients were recruited. Twenty-five patients (52%) had an abnormal retropulsion test. Twelve of these 25 patients (48%) had an S-Touch+, either because of need to take two or more steps (n = 4) or a fall if not caught by the examiner (n = 8). None of the 23 PD/PSP patients manifested S-Touch+. The sensitivity of the S-Touch test was 48%, whereas its specificity was 100%. Conclusion: The S-Touch test has a high specificity, albeit with a modest sensitivity, to reveal a functional etiology of postural instability in persons with FMD. ER  - 
Characterization and management of facial angiofibroma related to tuberous sclerosis complex in the United States: retrospective analysis of the natural history database$$$ Background: Facial angiofibroma is the most predominant cutaneous manifestation of tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC), a rare autosomal dominant genetic disorder impacting the mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR). Facial angiofibroma can bleed spontaneously, impair eyesight, and cause aesthetic disfiguration causing psychological and social stress. To date, there is little or no evidence on the demographics, and other TSC features associated with facial angiofibroma or the use of mTOR inhibitor for the management of facial angiofibroma. This is a retrospective study of TSC Alliance’s Natural History Database aimed to characterize facial angiofibroma and to evaluate features associated with a higher risk of facial angiofibroma or the use of topical mTOR inhibitors for the management of facial angiofibroma. Data in the NHD was obtained from 18 clinical sites in the US since 2006. Results: Of the 2240 patients, 2088 patients were enrolled in the US and data from 2057 patients were included in this analysis. The mean (median) age of overall TSC patients was 22.4 (19.0) years. A total of 69 patients were ≤ 5 years of age. Facial angiofibroma was noted in 1329 (64.6%) patients with TSC. Patients with facial angiofibroma were older on average (Mean: 25.9 [median, 23.0] vs. 16.0 [12.4 years] years, p < 0.0001). In patients with vs. without facial angiofibroma, TSC2 mutation (38.9% vs. 34.8%) was more common than TSC1 mutation (12.3% vs. 18.1%), and the incidence rate of most of the other TSC-related manifestations was significantly higher in patients with facial angiofibroma. Majority of patients had focal seizures (72.8% vs. 60.7%), followed by angiomyolipoma (63.7% vs. 21.8%) and renal cysts (59.4% vs. 33.5%). The age groups, 11–17 (odds ratio [OR], 2.53) and 18–45 years (5.98), TSC2 mutation (1.31), focal seizures (1.50), ADHD (1.47) angiomyolipoma (2.79), and renal cysts (2.63) were significantly associated with a higher risk of facial angiofibroma based on multivariate logistic regression. Abrasive or laser therapy was used by 17.1% and 2.6% patients, respectively. Topical mTOR inhibitor use was noted for 329 (24.8%) patients with facial angiofibroma. Overall systemic mTOR inhibitor use was observed in 399 (30.0%) patients for management of one or more TSC manifestations. Use of systemic mTOR inhibitor for facial angiofibroma was noted for 163 (12.3%) patients, among whom only 9 (0.7%) patients used exclusively for the management of facial angiofibroma. Of the patients with facial angiofibroma, 44.6% did not receive any treatment. Significantly higher use of topical mTOR inhibitor was associated with the 11–17 years age group (OR, 1.67), anxiety (1.57), angiomyolipoma (1.51), and renal cysts (1.33). Conclusions: The presence of TSC2 mutations and most other TSC-related manifestations was significantly higher in patients with facial angiofibroma. About one-fourth of patients with facial angiofibroma used a topical mTOR inhibitor and use of systemic mTOR inhibitor for the management of facial angiofibroma or for the other manifestations was noted for 30.0%. About 44.6% of patients did not receive any treatment for the management of facial angiofibroma. ER  - 
Poisoning with central stimulant drugs: an observational study from Oslo, Norway$$$ Background: The use of central stimulant drugs causes significant morbidity. We describe poisonings with central stimulant drugs and compare the different central stimulants concerning combinations with other drugs, treatment, and clinical course. Methods: Patients presenting from 1 October 2013 to 31 March 2016 with poisoning related to the recreational use of central stimulant drugs were retrospectively included at a primary care emergency outpatient clinic and at a hospital emergency department in Oslo, Norway. Diagnosis of toxic agents was mainly based on the clinical assessment of the doctor treating the patient. Amphetamine and methamphetamine were co-categorized as amphetamine. Results: Among the 1131 cases of acute poisoning with central stimulant drugs at the outpatient clinic, amphetamine was involved in 808 (71.4%), cocaine in 252 (22.3%) methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) in 104 (9.2%), and methylphenidate in 13 (1.1%). Among the 211 cases at the hospital, amphetamine was involved in 167 (79.1%), cocaine in 60 (28.4%), and MDMA in 38 (18.0%). Amphetamine was frequently combined with opioids (40.1% at the outpatient clinic and 41.9% at the hospital) and benzodiazepines (28.3% and 45.5%), while MDMA often was combined with ethanol (64.4% and 71.1%), as was cocaine (62.7% and 61.7%). Sedation was given in 5.2% and 38.4% of cases, naloxone in 9.4% and 37.0%, and flumazenil in 0.1% and 28.0%. In total, 16.5% of the cases at the outpatient clinic were transferred to a hospital for medical review and 8.5% to a psychiatric hospital. Among the hospital patients, 92.9% were admitted to intensive care. Conclusion: Amphetamine was the most common central stimulant drug involved in acute poisoning in Oslo, often combined with opioids and benzodiazepines. ER  - 
Sleep disorders and mental health in hospital workers during the COVID-19 pandemic: a cross-sectional multicenter study in Northern Italy$$$ Introduction: From the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, healthcare workers had to face unprecedented emergency needs associated with an extraordinary amount of psychological distress. In this cross-sectional multicenter study, we investigated sleep disturbances, and the level of anxiety and depression among the healthcare and nonhealthcare staff of three hospitals in Milan (Italy) during the COVID-19 outbreak. Moreover, we explored potential predisposing factors for affective symptoms and poor sleep. Materials and Methods: Between June and July 2020, we administered an online questionnaire to evaluate the presence of sleep disorders (Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index), insomnia (Sleep Condition Indicator), anxiety (State Trait Anxiety Inventory) and depression (Beck Depression Inventory-II). We used univariate and multivariate analysis to evaluate the association between the personal conditions and sleep and affective disorders. Results: The 964 participants reported high rates of sleep disorders (80.3%) - mainly insomnia (30.5%) - anxiety (69.7%) and depression (32.8%). The multivariate analysis showed a strong association of sleep disorders, especially insomnia, with female gender (p=0.004), divorced marital status (p=0.015), self-isolation (p=0.037), and chronic diseases (p=0.003). Anxiety was significantly associated with teleworking (p=0.001), while depressive symptoms were associated with self-isolation (p=0.028), modified work schedules (p=0.03) and chronic diseases (p=0.027). Conclusions: In hospital workers, the high prevalence of sleep and psychiatric symptoms during the COVID-19 outbreak appears to be determined mainly by modifications of personal or work habits. Teleworking was associated with increased anxiety. An accurate planning of hospital activities and a psychological support are needed to prevent and manage sleep and mental disorders. ER  - 
Effects of digital cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia in a diverse sample: Results from a randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (CBT-I) is the first-line treatment for patients diagnosed with insomnia. However, access to treatment is scarce. Recently, digital health applications (DiGAs) have been integrated into the German health care system to help close the indication-application gap, and are available through prescription since. One of these applications delivers digital CBT-I and has previously shown promising effects in a homogenous study sample. With its current use in mind, we designed the first pragmatic randomized controlled trial to test the effectiveness of digital CBT-I in a diverse insomnia population. Materials and Methods: Participants aged ≥18 who met diagnostic criteria for insomnia disorder were randomized (1:1) to an 8-weeks digital CBT-I (somnio, mementor DE GmbH) or they were set on a waitlist control (access to digital CBT-I 8 weeks post-randomization). In contrast to typical effectiveness trials, individuals with comorbid mental disorders, physical illness, shift workers, and patients in parallel treatment were included; only patients with regular excessive alcohol/drug consumption, acute suicidality, acute psychotic states, and epilepsy were excluded. The primary outcome was insomnia severity (as assessed with the Insomnia Severity Index ISI) at 8-weeks post-randomization. A one-way ANCOVA with baseline ISI as a covariate was fitted to determine group differences. This trial was registered in the German Clinical Trials Register (DRKS00024477). Results: Of the N = 238 patients (n = 161 female, 67.6 %), age range 19 to 81 years (M = 43.73, SD = 13.90) who were randomized to digital CBT-I (n = 118), to waitlist-control (n = 120). Two hundred and seventeen patients (91%) completed the post-treatment assessment. In line with the intention-to-treat principle, missing values were replaced according to the LOCF method (last observed carried forwards). At 8-weeks post-randomization, between-group comparisons revealed significant differences on the ISI, F(1,235) = 141.97, p <.001, in favor of the digital CBT-I group (9.58±5.81 vs. 16.03±4.02). While nearly two-thirds of the patients in the digital CBT-I group showed clinically significant improvements of at least two standard deviations on the ISI (RCI < -1.96, 64%), while only 6 % of the patients in the control group showed such decrease, X2(1) = 87.79, p <.001. Conclusions: The results of our study show that digital CBT-I reduces insomnia symptoms in a diverse study sample in Germany. Our results underscore the potential of digital health applications and their suitability within regular care. Acknowledgments: We thank Bea Bringenberg, Maischa von Reth, Maja Völker, and Lisanne Elisa Zeevaert for their tremendous support in collecting the reported data. ER  - 
Children home unattended polysomnography in a town office practice: Feasibility, quality and patients and caregivers’ satisfaction$$$ Introduction: Laboratory polysomnography is the gold standard to measure sleep objectively, however, is cumbersome as children and parents sleep longer and with higher sleep quality at home than at the hospital (Marcus 2014). Home unattended polysomnography (U-PSG) represents a less stressful alternative for families, a more affordable sleep study type in terms of resources and costs, as well as a potential option in reducing the waiting lists burden. The study objective is to present the feasibility, tolerance, and children and parents’ satisfaction of U-PSG in a large series of children. Materials and Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of home-based consecutive children's U-PSGs between January 2018 and June 2021. All parents read and signed an informed consent form. U-PSG was installed and analyzed following the AASM criteria with a Nox A1 polysomnographer at the doctor's office by a certified sleep technician. The recording was made at home. In the morning, parents and children filled out analog visual scales to assess their satisfaction with the home recording (from 0 to 10, 10 being best) and parents’ preference to perform the PSG at home (0) or at hospital (10). For each recording, global quality (0-100%) of the study was generated. Results: 363 consecutive children aged 8.9 ± 3.3 years (range 2 - 17 years) underwent a U-PSG. The most important symptoms were snoring (42%), awakenings (41%), fatigue (40%), and kicking (29%). 75 patients were previously diagnosed of a ADD, ADHD or other learning disorders, and 12 with an epilepsy. PSG results with mean ± SD were: total sleep time 549.5 ± 81.7 min.; arousal index 11.7 ± 5.1 / hour; sleep efficiency was 91.2±6.6 %; N1: 5,5±3.1 %; N2: 51.0±5.9 %; N3: 20.3±4.8 %; REM 23.2±4.3 %. Mean global quality of the PSG recording was 81.2%. Four out of 363 PSG recording should be repeated because of technical problems. Mean parent’s satisfaction with ambulatory recording was 9.0/10, mean children’s satisfaction was 8.8/10 and most parents would prefer to perform a home U-PSG rather than a hospital PSG (2.1/10). 347 patients had an AIH more than 1 and 120 of the patients had more than 5 periodic leg movements (PLMs) per hour of sleep. Among patients with ADD, ADHD or other learning disorders, 90.7% had an AIH > 1, 38.7% had more than 5 PLMs per hour of sleep, and 34.7% had both. Conclusions: The results of this study show the preference of parents and their children for home U-PSG, provides further validity U-PSG in children, by achieving very good quality of signals and allowing accurate diagnoses, and reinforces the eventual potential usability of home U-PSG in children. Reference: Marcus CL, Traylor J, Biggs SN, et al. Feasibility of Comprehensive, Unattended Ambulatory Polysomnography in School-Aged Children. J Clin Sleep Med JCSM Off Publ Am Acad Sleep Med. 2014;10(8):913-918. ER  - 
A Case of Sodium Oxybate induced Central Sleep Apnea Resolved with Topiramate co-administration in a Child with Narcolepsy$$$ Introduction: Sodium Oxybate (SO) is a first line treatment for patients with narcolepsy type 1 (NT1) and 2 (NT2). It is a know central nervous system (CNS) depressant that can cause respiratory depression (RD). In fact, it has a warning stating some trial participants taking recommended doses of SO experienced clinically significant RD, including treatment emergent central sleep apnea (CSA). However, there are no clear guidelines for monitoring the respiratory status nor suggestion on how to respond if clinically significant RD occurs. Most providers withdraw treatment, irrespective of efficacy on control of narcolepsy symptoms. Here we describe a case of resolution of SO-induced CSA with topiramate to reduce respiratory events in a pediatric patient. Materials and Methods: A case report of a 10 year old girl with NT1 who developed severe CSA on twice nightly SO that resolved with co-administration of low dose topiramate Results: A 10 yo girl with history of seizure disorder, well controlled with lamotrigine, and NT1, who has symptoms of excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS), frequent cataplexy, sleep paralysis, sleep related hallucinations, and disturbed nocturnal sleep (DNS), had a baseline polysomnography (PSG) with an AHI 1.4/hr, only obstructive. Multiple sleep latency test (MSLT) with average sleep latency (SL) of 2 minutes and thirty three seconds with no sleep onset REM periods (SOREMPs). She was diagnosed NT1 based on reduced SL and presence of frequent debilitating cataplexy. She was started on SO. In the first month, parent reported concerns for apneic events during sleep low therapeutic doses. Repeat PSG demonstrated severe CSA with an AHI of 103.9, with pronounced emergence of CSA in a Cheyne-Stokes pattern. Patient and parent refused to consider discontinuation of SO due to significant benefit in NT1 symptoms. Alternatively. seizure medication was intentionally changed to topiramate for combined therapeutic benefit for seizure and central sleep apnea. Repeat PSG following transition to Topamax provided remarkable results with AHI of 1.7/hr. Conclusions: Topiramate is an anti-seizure medication and migraine prophylaxis that also has properties as a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor. Carbonic anhydrase inhibition leads to metabolic acidosis that likely shifts the hypercapnia ventilatory response and lowers the PaCO2 apnea threshold, which could improve central sleep apneas. Improved guidance on appropriate surveillance for clinically significant RD with treatment of SO is necessary. When SO-induced CSA occurs, topiramate, and potentially other carbonic anhydrase inhibitors, may be beneficial but further study is required. Acknowledgements: none ER  - 
Solriamfetol Real World Experience Study (SURWEY): Initiation and Titration Strategies Among Physicians Prescribing Solriamfetol for Patients with Narcolepsy from Germany$$$ Introduction: Excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) is a core symptom of narcolepsy that may be managed with wake-promoting agents or sodium oxybate. Solriamfetol (Sunosi™) is a dopamine/norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor approved in the EU and the US to treat EDS associated with narcolepsy (75–150 mg/day) and obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) (37.5–150 mg/day). This study characterises real-world dosing and titration strategies used by European physicians when initiating solriamfetol treatment. Methods: The SURWEY study is an ongoing retrospective chart review conducted by sleep physicians in Germany, France, and Italy. Here, we report initial data from a cohort of patients with narcolepsy from Germany. Physicians who prescribed solriamfetol to ≥10 patients with narcolepsy provided data from medical records of approximately 10 patients. Eligible patients were ≥18 years old, diagnosed with EDS (as determined by the physician) due to narcolepsy, had reached a stable solriamfetol dose, and had completed ≥6 weeks of treatment. Patients were classified into 1 of 3 groups based on solriamfetol initiation strategy: changeover (switched/switching from existing EDS medications onto solriamfetol), add-on (adding solriamfetol to current EDS medication), or new-to-therapy (no current EDS medication prior to solriamfetol). Results: Data are reported for 70 patients with narcolepsy. Patients’ mean±SD age was 36.9±13.9 years and mean±SD body mass index (BMI) was 26.7±5.2 kg/m2; 56% female, 57% had cataplexy, and most (84%) were treated in sleep centres. Anxiety/depression was the most commonly reported comorbidity (36%). Changeover was the most common initiation strategy (n=43), followed by add-on (n=19) and new-to-therapy (n=8). Patients in the changeover group commonly switched from sodium oxybate (23%), modafinil (16%), pitolisant (9%), or other wake-promoting medications (23%). In the add-on group, solriamfetol was commonly added to pitolisant (42%) and sodium oxybate (37%). In the changeover group, most patients (88%) switched due to lack of efficacy of previous medications. Switching was managed using an abrupt (1 day to the next) approach for 88% of patients and overlapping (tapered) for 9%; physicians indicated they would recommend the switching strategy they had used for 95% of patients. Solriamfetol was typically prescribed for once-daily administration (99%), and the most common starting doses were 75 mg/day (69%) or 150 mg/day (20%); these starting doses were used for 67% and 28% of the changeover group, 68% and 11% of the add-on group, and 75% and 0% of the new-to-therapy group; most of the remaining patients were initiated at 37.5 mg. In 29 patients (41%), solriamfetol was titrated; 27/29 (93%) completed titration as prescribed, most of whom (17/27 [63%]) completed titration within 7 days. Conclusion: This study provides the first multicentre real-world data describing the use of solriamfetol in a cohort of patients with narcolepsy in Germany. Most patients in this study were switched from a prior medication to solriamfetol, with lack of efficacy cited as the most common reason for switching. Solriamfetol was typically initiated at 75 mg/day; titration after initiation was common. Acknowledgements: This study was supported by Jazz Pharmaceuticals. ER  - 
The role of intellectual disability with autism spectrum disorder and the documented cooccurring conditions: A population-based study$$$ Previous research has identified that patterns of cooccurring conditions (CoCs) associated with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) differ based on the presence of intellectual disability (ID). This study explored the association of documented CoCs among 8-year-old children with ASD and ID (ASD+ID, n = 2416) and ASD without ID (ASD-ID, n = 5372) identified by the Autism and Developmental Disabilities Monitoring Network, surveillance years (SYs) 2012 and 2014. After adjusting for demographic variables, record source, surveillance site, and SY, children with ASD+ID, as compared with children with ASD-ID, were more likely to have histories of nonspecific developmental delays and neurological disorders documented in their records but were less likely to have behavioral and psychiatric disorders. ID plays a key role on how children with ASD would experience other CoCs. Our results emphasize how understanding the pattern of CoCs in ASD+ID and ASD-ID can inform comprehensive and multidisciplinary approaches in assessment and management of children in order to develop targeted interventions to reduce possible CoCs or CoCs-related impairments. ER  - 
Pooled safety analysis of STRATA2011 and STRATA2016 clinical trials evaluating the use of StrataGraft® in patients with deep partial-thickness thermal burns$$$ Objective: This analysis includes pooled safety data from 2 clinical trials (NCT01437852; NCT03005106) that evaluated the safety and efficacy of StrataGraft in patients with deep partial-thickness (DPT) burns. Methods: The study enrolled 101 adult patients with thermal burns covering 3–49% of total body surface area. Patients were followed for up to 1 year. The pooled safety events included: adverse events (AEs), adverse reactions (ARs), serious AEs (SAEs), discontinuation, and deaths; immunological responses (reactivity to panel reactive antibodies [PRA] and human leukocyte antigen [HLA] class 1 alleles); and persistence of allogeneic DNA from StrataGraft. Results: Eighty-seven (86.1%) patients experienced 397 AEs. Thirty patients (29.7%) experienced ARs; 16 patients (15.8%) experienced SAEs. The most frequent AEs were pruritus (n = 31; 30.7%), and blister, hypertension, and hypertrophic scar (n = 11 each; 10.9%); the most common AR was pruritus (n = 13; 12.9%). One patient discontinued the study; 2 patients experienced SAEs (unrelated to StrataGraft) leading to death. PRA and HLA allele reactivity was ≤ 25% at Month 3, with no persistent allogeneic DNA from StrataGraft. Conclusions: StrataGraft was well tolerated by patients, with a safety profile similar to autograft. StrataGraft may offer a safe alternative to autograft for DPT burns. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of extra-ventricular drainage combined with urokinase administration in the management of intraventricular hemorrhage$$$ Background: Intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) is a severe form of stroke. Studies of existing treatment options are controversial. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of extra ventricular drainage (EVD) combined with uPA administration for the treatment of IVH. Methods: The clinical data of 157 IVH patients admitted to our department during 2019-2022 were retrospectively analyzed. Based on the Glasgow Outcome Score (GOS) after 30 days, patients were categorized into favorable outcome (GOS4-5) and poor outcome (GOS1-3), and factors with prognostic impact were screened by univariate and multifactorial analysis, followed by propensity score matching and screening of paired patients for comparative analysis between the uPA and non-uPA groups. Results: Patient age, uPA use, initial GCS score, and intracranial hematoma volume can all influence the patient's GOS. After propensity score-matched screening, 72 patients were finally included, 36 each in the uPA and non-uPA groups. Analysis revealed that at the follow-up after 30 days, 50.0% of patients with a GOS score of 4-5 were in the uPA group compared with 30.6% in the non-uPA group; however, they were not statistically significantly different. In contrast, the mean clearance of hematoma after four days was significantly higher in the uPA group than in the non-uPA group (P < 0.05) and did not increase the incidence of postoperative complications (P > 0.05). Conclusion: uPA treatment may eliminate hematomas faster and reduce the rate of obstruction. However, its effectiveness in improving patient prognosis does not appear to be significant. Therefore, studies with larger samples may be needed to further validate its effectiveness. ER  - 
Prevalence and associated factors of medication-related problems among epileptic patients at ambulatory clinic of Mettu Karl Comprehensive Specialized Hospital: a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Despite appropriate treatment of epilepsy, the treatment outcome is poor in developing country. Therefore, the study was aimed to identify the magnitude and associated factors of epileptic patients at ambulatory clinic of south western Ethiopian hospital. Methods: A hospital-based cross-sectional study was conducted on epileptic patients who had follow-up at Mettu Karl Comprehensive Specialized Hospital (MKCSH). Data collection was done through patient interview and medical charts review. The pharmaceutical care network Europe foundation classification system was used to assess the drug therapy problem and Naranjo algorithm of adverse drug reaction was employed to identify the probability of adverse drug reaction. The data were analyzed by SPSS version 23 after data were entered by Epidemiological Information (Epi Info) 7.2.1. The multivariable logistic regressions were utilized and P < 0.05 was used to declare association. Results: Over the study period, more than half of the participants 172(57.7%) were males. The magnitude of drug-related problems was found to be 164(55.0%). Among epileptic patients about 323 drug-related problems (DRPs) were identified on average, 1.084 drug-related problems (DRPs) per patient. The widely occurred types of drug-related problems were needs additional drug therapy 72(22.29%), dose too low 52(16.09%) and dose to high which accounts 50(15.48%). Regarding the predictors of drug-related problems, being a female (AOR = 3.57, 95% CI:1.85–6.88, P ≤ 0.001), having frequent seizures (AOR = 2.47, 95% CI%:1.33–4.61, P = 0.004) and the presence of poly-pharmacy (AOR = 3.57, 95% CI: 1.49–8.5, P = 0.004) were predictors of drug-related problems. Conclusion: More than half of the patients had a drug therapy problem. Number of medications taken by the patients, gender and the seizure frequency had a significant association with occurrence of drug therapy problems (DTPs). Therefore, the pharmaceutical care in general and drug information services in particular should be established to hinder any undesirable medication effects in our study area. ER  - 
Quantitative electroencephalographic analysis of delirium tremens development following alcohol-withdrawal seizure based on a small number of male cases$$$ Introduction: Seizures and delirium tremens (DTs) are recognized as severe alcohol-withdrawal symptoms. Prolonged admission and serious complications associated with alcohol withdrawal are responsible for increased costs and use of medical and social resources. This study investigated the predictive value of quantitative electroencephalography (QEEG) for developing alcohol-related DTs after alcohol-withdrawal seizure (AWS). Methods: We compared differences in QEEG in patients after AWS (n = 13). QEEG was performed in the intensive care unit within 48 h of admission, including in age- and sex-matched healthy controls. We also investigated the prognostic value of QEEG for the development of alcohol DTs after AWS in a retrospective, case‒control study. The spectral power of each band frequency and the ratio of the theta to alpha band (TAR) in the electroencephalogram were analyzed using iSyncBrain® (iMediSync, Inc., Korea). Results: The beta frequency and the alpha frequency band power were significantly higher and lower, respectively, in patients than in age- and sex-matched healthy controls. In AWS patients with DTs, the relative beta-3 power was lower, particularly in the left frontal area, and the TAR was significantly higher in the central channel than in those without DTs. Conclusion: Quantitative EEG showed neuronal excitability and decreased cognitive activities characteristic of AWS associated with alcohol-withdrawal state, and we demonstrated that quantitative EEG might be a helpful tool for detecting patients at a high risk of developing DTs during an alcohol-dependence period. ER  - 
Emergency medical care of patients with psychiatric disorders - challenges and opportunities: Results of a multicenter survey$$$ Background: Pre-clinical psychiatric emergencies are generally treated by emergency medical staff. The subsequent clinical treatment is often conditioned by interaction problems between emergency medical staff and psychiatric clinical staff. Objectives: To identify problems affecting interaction between emergency medical and psychiatric care of mentally ill patients and pinpoint aspects of optimized emergency care. Methods: To shed light on the interaction problems an anonymous, questionnaire-based, nonrepresentative survey of 98 emergency physicians (EM) and 104 psychiatrists (PS) practicing in acute psychiatry was conducted between March 1, 2021 and October 1, 2021. Results: The chi-square test for multiple response sets revealed consistently significant differences (p < 0.001) between EM and PS with respect to the questions analyzed. Approximately 36% of EM reported not to be adequately qualified to handle psychiatric emergencies (p = 0.0001), while around 50% of respondents were neutral in their assessment in how to deal with psychiatric emergencies. 80% of EM reported a negative interaction (rejection of patients) with PS when referring a psychiatric emergency patient to the acute psychiatric unit. The most common reasons for refusal were intoxication (EM: 78.8%, PS: 88.2%), emergency physician therapy (EM: 53.8%, PS: 63.5%), and not resident in the catchment area of the hospital (EM 68.8%, PS: 48.2%). In the casuistry presented, most respondents would choose “talk down” for de-escalation (EM: 92.1%, PS: 91.3%). With respect to drug therapy, benzodiazepine is the drug of choice (EM: 70.4%, PS: 78.8%). More EM would choose an intravenously (i.v.) or a Mucosal Atomization Device (MAD) administration as an alternative to oral medication (i.v.: EM: 38.8%, PS: 3.8%, p = 0.001, MAD: EM: 36.7%, PS: 10.6%, p = 0.006). Significantly more EM would seek phone contact with the acute psychiatric hospital (EM: 84.7%, PS: 52.9%, p = 0.0107). A psychiatric emergency plan was considered useful in this context by more than 90% of respondents. The need for further training for EM with regard to treating psychiatric clinical syndromes was considered important by all respondents. In particular, the topics of “psychogenic seizure,“ “intoxication,“ and “legal aspects of psychiatric emergencies” were considered important (Mann-Whitney U test, p < 0.001). Conclusion: The interaction-related problems identified in the emergency medical care of pre-clinical psychiatric patients relate to non-modifiable, structural problems, such as insufficient admission capacity and non-existent or inadequate monitoring capabilities in acute psychiatric hospitals. However, factors such as the education and training of EM and communication between EM and PS can be improved. Developing personalized emergency care plans for psychiatric patients could help to optimize their care. ER  - 
Magnitude of common mental disorders and associated factors among patients with Epilepsy in Amhara regional state, Northwest Ethiopia$$$ Background: Common mental disorders are severe and frequent co-morbid psychiatric illnesses with epilepsy. Different study findings across the world showed that patients with epilepsy have a higher burden of mental disorders than the general population. However, these issues in patients with epilepsy have been consistently undiagnosed. Objectives: The study aimed to screen common mental disorders and the determinants among patients with epilepsy attending at Fenote Selam hospital. Methods: An institutional-based cross-sectional study was conducted among patients with Epilepsy from March 10 to May 15, 2019. Patients were assessed for the risk of common mental disorders using a pretested, structured, self-reporting questionnaire (SRQ-20). The collected data were entered into Epi-data version 3.1 software and analyzed using R version 4.0 software. Descriptive statistics were computed using frequency, percent, mean, and standard deviations. A simple logistic regression model was fit to identify the association and strength of exploratory variables and common mental disorders at a 95% confidence interval and p-value < 0.05. Results: The study included 202 patients diagnosed with epilepsy and yielded a response of 91.4%. About 53% of the patients were males. The magnitude of common mental disorders among patients with epilepsy was 57.9% (95% CI: 44.56, 71.24). Being more than one substance user (AOR = 5.7; 95%CI: 1.6, 20.7) and Not having social support (AOR = 4.3; 95%CI: 1.5, 11.9) were the identified determinants of common mental disorders. Conclusion: The magnitude of common mental disorders among patients with epilepsy were high. Not having social support and khat chewing were the identified risk factors significantly associated with common mental disorders. Early screening and treatments are the key interventions to prevent complications and deaths from common mental disorders. ER  - 
Association of maternal levothyroxine use during pregnancy with offspring birth and neurodevelopmental outcomes: a population-based cohort study$$$ Background: The influence of maternal levothyroxine treatment during pregnancy remains unclear. This study aimed to evaluate the associations of maternal levothyroxine treatment during pregnancy with the birth and neurodevelopmental outcomes in offspring. Methods: This population-based cohort study was conducted among pregnant women using the Hong Kong Clinical Data Analysis and Reporting System. Mother-child pairs in Hong Kong from 2001 to 2015 were included and children were followed up till 2020. We defined the exposure group as mothers who were exposed to levothyroxine during pregnancy. Preterm birth and small for gestational age (SGA) were included as birth outcomes. Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) were included as neurodevelopmental outcomes. Odds ratios (OR) or hazard ratios (HRs) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were evaluated to assess the association of gestational levothyroxine use with offspring birth and neurodevelopmental outcomes respectively, using propensity score fine-stratification weighting and a Cox proportional hazards regression model. Results: Among 422,156 mother-child pairs, 2125 children were born from mothers exposed to levothyroxine during pregnancy. A significantly increased risk of preterm birth was observed in children with maternal levothyroxine exposure during pregnancy, when compared to mothers who had no history of thyroid-related diagnoses or prescriptions (weighted OR [wOR]: 1.22, 95% CI: 1.07, 1.39). Similarly, an increased risk of preterm birth was found among children of gestational levothyroxine users, when compared to children of mothers who had used levothyroxine before but stopped during pregnancy (wOR: 2.16, 95% CI: 1.09, 4.25). Sensitivity analysis, by excluding mothers exposed to psychotropic or antiepileptic medications before or during pregnancy, also indicated a similar increased risk of preterm birth regarding the gestational use of levothyroxine (wOR: 1.26, 95% CI: 1.10, 1.45). No significant association was observed for the risk of SGA, ADHD, and ASD. Conclusions: There is no evidence that gestational use of levothyroxine is associated with SGA, ADHD, or ASD in offspring. Gestational levothyroxine treatment is associated with a higher risk of preterm birth. Such risk might be confounded by the underlying maternal thyroid disease itself, however, we cannot completely exclude the possible effect of gestational L-T4 treatment on offspring preterm birth. Our findings provided support to the current guidelines on the cautious use of levothyroxine treatment during pregnancy. ER  - 
Older patients with COVID-19 and neuropsychiatric conditions: A study of risk factors for mortality$$$ Background: Little is known about risk factors for mortality in older patients with COVID-19 and neuropsychiatric conditions. Methods: We conducted a multicentric retrospective observational study at Assistance Publique-Hôpitaux de Paris. We selected inpatients aged 70 years or older, with COVID-19 and preexisting neuropsychiatric comorbidities and/or new neuropsychiatric manifestations. We examined demographics, comorbidities, functional status, and presentation including neuropsychiatric symptoms and disorders, as well as paraclinical data. Cox survival analysis was conducted to determine risk factors for mortality at 40 days after the first symptoms of COVID-19. Results: Out of 191 patients included (median age 80 [interquartile range 74–87]), 135 (71%) had neuropsychiatric comorbidities including cognitive impairment (39%), cerebrovascular disease (22%), Parkinsonism (6%), and brain tumors (6%). A total of 152 (79%) patients presented new-onset neuropsychiatric manifestations including sensory symptoms (6%), motor deficit (11%), behavioral (18%) and cognitive (23%) disturbances, gait impairment (11%), and impaired consciousness (18%). The mortality rate at 40 days was 19.4%. A history of brain tumor or Parkinsonism or the occurrence of impaired consciousness were neurological factors associated with a higher risk of mortality. A lower Activities of Daily Living score (hazard ratio [HR] 0.69, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.58–0.82), a neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio ≥ 9.9 (HR 5.69, 95% CI 2.69–12.0), and thrombocytopenia (HR 5.70, 95% CI 2.75–11.8) independently increased the risk of mortality (all p <.001). Conclusion: Understanding mortality risk factors in older inpatients with COVID-19 and neuropsychiatric conditions may be helpful to neurologists and geriatricians who manage these patients in clinical practice. ER  - 
Teaching distinguishing semiological features improves diagnostic accuracy of seizure-like events by emergency physicians$$$ Background: Misdiagnosis of seizure-like events (SLE) in emergency situations is common. Here, we evaluate whether a single, video-based lesson highlighting distinguishing semiological features can improve the diagnostic accuracy of emergency physicians for epileptic seizures (ES), psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and syncopes (SY). Methods: 40 emergency physicians (24 anesthetists, nine surgeons and seven internal medicine specialists by primary specialty) participated in a prospective trial on the diagnostic accuracy of SLE. They assessed video-displayed SLE at two time points: before and after a lecture on distinguishing semiological features. In the lecture, semiological features were demonstrated using patient videos, some were acted by the instructor in addition. The increase in correct diagnoses and recognition of distinguishing semiological features were analyzed. Results: Before the lesson, 45% of 200 SLE-ratings were correct: 15% of SY (n = 40), 30% of PNES (n = 40), 59% of ES (n = 120, focal to bilateral tonic–clonic seizures (FBTCS) 87.5% (n = 40), focal impaired aware seizures (FIAS) 45% (n = 80)). Semiology teaching increased both the rate of correct diagnoses of SLE to overall 79% (p < 0.001) (ES 91% (p < 0.001), FBCTS 98% (n.s.), FIAS 88% (p < 0.001), PNES 88% (p < 0.001), SY 35% (p < 0.001)), and the number of recognized distinguishing semiological features. We identified several semiological features with high entity specific positive predictive values (> 0.8). Conclusions: A single 45-min video-based lesson highlighting distinguishing semiological features improves the diagnostic accuracy of ES, PNES and SY by emergency physicians. We expect that including this aspect into the curriculum of emergency physicians will lead to better individual patient treatment in pre-hospital medicine and more appropriate subsequent use of clinical resources. ER  - 
Seizures in adults with suspected central nervous system infection$$$ Background: Seizures can be part of the clinical presentation of central nervous system (CNS) infections. We describe patients suspected of a neurological infection who present with a seizure and study diagnostic accuracy of clinical and laboratory features predictive of CNS infection in this population. Methods: We analyzed all consecutive patients presenting with a seizure from two prospective Dutch cohort studies, in which patients were included who underwent cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) examination because of the suspicion of a CNS infection. Results: Of 900 episodes of suspected CNS infection, 124 (14%) presented with a seizure. The median age in these 124 episodes was 60 years (IQR 45–71) and 53% of patients was female. CSF examination showed a leukocyte count ≥ 5/mm3 in 41% of episodes. A CNS infection was diagnosed in 27 of 124 episodes (22%), a CNS inflammatory disorder in 8 (6%) episodes, a systemic infection in 10 (8%), other neurological disease in 77 (62%) and in 2 (2%) episodes another systemic disease was diagnosed. Diagnostic accuracy of clinical and laboratory characteristics for the diagnosis of CNS infection in this population was low. CSF leukocyte count was the best predictor for CNS infection in patients with suspected CNS infection presenting with a seizure (area under the curve 0.94, [95% CI 0.88 – 1.00]). Conclusions: Clinical and laboratory features fail to distinguish CNS infections from other causes of seizures in patients with a suspected CNS infection. CSF leukocyte count is the best predictor for the diagnosis of CNS infection in this population. ER  - 
Dietary nitrate supplementation for preventing and reducing the severity of winter infections, including COVID-19, in care homes (BEET-Winter): a randomised placebo-controlled feasibility trial$$$ Purpose: Infections cause considerable care home morbidity and mortality. Nitric oxide (NO) has broad-spectrum anti-viral, bacterial and yeast activity in vitro. We assessed the feasibility of supplementing dietary nitrate (NO substrate) intake in care home residents. Methods: We performed a cluster-randomised placebo-controlled trial in UK residential and nursing care home residents and compared nitrate containing (400 mg) versus free (0 mg daily) beetroot juice given for 60 days. Outcomes comprised feasibility of recruitment, adherence, salivary and urinary nitrate, and ordinal infection/clinical events. Results: Of 30 targeted care homes in late 2020, 16 expressed interest and only 6 participated. 49 residents were recruited (median 8 [interquartile range 7–12] per home), mean (standard deviation) age 82 (8) years, with proxy consent 41 (84%), advance directive for hospital non-admission 8 (16%) and ≥ 1 doses of COVID-19 vaccine 37 (82%). Background dietary nitrate was < 30% of acceptable daily intake. 34 (76%) residents received > 50% of juice. Residents randomised to nitrate vs placebo had higher urinary nitrate levels, median 50 [18–175] v 18 [10–50] mg/L, difference 25 [0–90]. Data paucity precluded clinical between-group comparisons; the outcome distribution was as follows: no infection 32 (67%), uncomplicated infection 0, infection requiring healthcare support 11 (23%), all-cause hospitalisation 5 (10%), all-cause mortality 0. Urinary tract infections were most common. Conclusions: Recruiting UK care homes during the COVID-19 pandemic was partially successful. Supplemented dietary nitrate was tolerated and elevated urinary nitrate. Together, infections, hospitalisations and deaths occurred in 33% of residents over 60 days. A larger trial is now required. Trial Registration: ISRCTN51124684. Application date 7/12/2020; assignment date 13/1/2021. ER  - 
Effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccine booster in the general population and in subjects with comorbidities. A population-based study in Spain$$$ Background: Research on the effectiveness of COVID-19 booster-based vaccine schedule is ongoing and real-world data on vaccine effectiveness (VE) in comorbid patients are limited. We aimed to estimate booster dose VE against SARS-CoV-2 infection and COVID-19 severity in the general population and in comorbid patients. Method: A retrospective test-negative control study was undertaken in Galicia-Spain (December 2020–November 2021). VE and 95% confidence interval (CI) were estimated using multivariate logistic regression models. Results: 1,512,415 (94.13%) negative and 94,334 (5.87%) positive SARS-CoV-2 test results were included. A booster dose of COVID-19 vaccine is associated with substantially higher protection against SARS-CoV-2 infection than vaccination without a booster [VEboosted = 87% (95%CI: 83%; 89%); VEnon-boosted = 66% (95%CI: 65%; 67%)]. The high VE was observed in all ages, but was more pronounced in subjects older than 65 years. VE against COVID-19 severity was analyzed in a mixed population of boosted and non-boosted individuals and considerable protection was obtained [VE: hospitalization = 72% (95%CI: 68%; 75%); intensive care unit administration = 83% (95%CI: 78%; 88%), in-hospital mortality = 66% (95%CI: 53%; 75%)]. Boosted comorbid patients are more protected against SARS-CoV-2 infection than those who were non-boosted. This was observed in a wide range of major diseases including cancer (81% versus 54%), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (84% versus 61%), diabetes (84% versus 65%), hypertension (82% versus 65%) and obesity (91% versus 67%), among others. Conclusions: A booster dose of COVID-19 vaccine increases the protection against SARS-CoV-2 infection and COVID-19 severity in the general population and in comorbid patients. ER  - 
Evaluation of CSF albumin quotient in neuronal surface antibody-associated autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Background and Objectives: Disruption of brain barriers is considered to be involved in the pathogenesis of neuronal surface antibody-associated autoimmune encephalitis (NSAE), but few studies have focused on their relationship. We aimed to explore the association between the integrity of brain barriers and clinical and paraclinical characteristics in patients with NSAE. Methods: This retrospective study consecutively recruited patients with NSAE. The cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) / serum albumin quotient (Qalb) was used to evaluate the function of brain barriers. The data on demographic information, clinical manifestations, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), CSF findings and prognosis were collected and analyzed. Results: Of the 93 patients included, 33 (35.5%) patients were assigned to the elevated Qalb group and 60 (64.5%) patients to the normal Qalb group. Males and prodromal symptoms were more common in elevated Qalb group (both P < 0.05). The CSF white blood cell, protein, immunoglobulin G and albumin were significantly higher in elevated Qalb group (all P < 0.05). Patients with elevated Qalb were more likely to have brain lesions on MRI (60.6% versus 33.3%, P = 0.011). The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores at discharge and at last follow-up were significantly higher in patients with elevated Qalb than those with normal Qalb (both P < 0.05). After univariate and multivariate analyses, Qalb elevation (adjusted odds ratio = 3.96, 95% confidence interval = 1.15–13.59, P = 0.029) was demonstrated as the only independent risk factor for a poor prognosis. Discussion: Males, prodromal symptoms, brain lesions on MRI, CSF pleocytosis, and elevated CSF protein were more common in NSAE patients with increased Qalb. Qalb elevation was an independent prognostic indicator for a poor prognosis in NSAE. ER  - 
Concept: A randomised multicentre trial of first line chemotherapy comparing three weekly cabazitaxel versus weekly paclitaxel in HER2 negative metastatic breast cancer$$$ Background: Paclitaxel is commonly used as first-line chemotherapy for HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer (MBC) patients. However, with response rates of 21.5–53.7% and significant risk of peripheral neuropathy, there is need for better chemotherapy. Patients and methods: This open-label phase II/III trial randomised HER2-negative MBC patients 1:1 to either 6 cycles of three-weekly cabazitaxel (25 mg/m2), or, weekly paclitaxel (80 mg/m2) over 18 weeks. The primary endpoint was progression free survival (PFS). Secondary endpoints included objective response rate (ORR), time to response (TTR), overall survival (OS), safety and tolerability and quality of life (QoL). Results: 158 patients were recruited. Comparing cabazitaxel to paclitaxel, median PFS was 6.7 vs 5.8 months (HR 0.87; 80%CI 0.70–1.08, P = 0.4). There was no difference in median OS (20.6 vs 18.2 months, HR 1.00; 95%CI 0.69–1.45, P = 0.99), ORR (41.8% vs 36.7%) or TTR (HR 1.09; 95%CI 0.68–1.75, P = 0.7). Grade ≥3 adverse events occurred in 41.8% on cabazitaxel and 46.8% on paclitaxel; the most common being neutropenia (16.5%) and febrile neutropenia (12.7%) cabazitaxel and neutropenia (8.9%) and lung infection (7.6%) paclitaxel. Peripheral neuropathy of any grade occurred in 54.5% paclitaxel vs 16.5% cabazitaxel. Mean EQ-5D-5L single index utility score (+0.05; 95%CI 0.004–0.09, P = 0.03) and visual analogue scale score (+7.7; 95%CI 3.1–12.3, P = 0.001) were higher in cabazitaxel vs paclitaxel. Conclusions: Three-weekly cabazitaxel in HER2-negative MBC does not significantly improve PFS compared to weekly paclitaxel, although it has a lower risk of peripheral neuropathy with better patient reported QoL outcomes. It is well tolerated and requires fewer hospital visits. ER  - 
Phase 2 study of AV-GBM-1 (a tumor-initiating cell targeted dendritic cell vaccine) in newly diagnosed Glioblastoma patients: safety and efficacy assessment$$$ Background: Vaccine immunotherapy may improve survival in Glioblastoma (GBM). A multicenter phase II trial was designed to determine: (1) the success rate of manufacturing the Aivita GBM vaccine (AV-GBM-1), (2) Adverse Events (AE) associated with AV-GBM-1 administration, and (3) survival. Methods: Fresh suspected glioblastoma tissue was collected during surgery, and patients with pathology-confirmed GBM enrolled before starting concurrent Radiation Therapy and Temozolomide (RT/TMZ) with Intent to Treat (ITT) after recovery from RT/TMZ. AV-GBM-1 was made by incubating autologous dendritic cells with a lysate of irradiated autologous Tumor-Initiating Cells (TICs). Eligible patients were adults (18 to 70 years old) with a Karnofsky Performance Score (KPS) of 70 or greater, a successful TIC culture, and sufficient monocytes collected. A cryopreserved AV-GBM-1 dose was thawed and admixed with 500 μg of Granulocyte-Macrophage Colony-Stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) before every subcutaneous (s.c.) administration. Results: Success rates were 97% for both TIC production and monocyte collection. AV-GBM-1 was manufactured for 63/63 patients; 60 enrolled per ITT; 57 started AV-GBM-1. The most common AEs attributed to AV-GBM-1 were local injection site reactions (16%) and flu-like symptoms (10%). Treatment-emergent AEs included seizures (33%), headache (37%), and focal neurologic symptoms (28%). One patient discontinued AV-GBM-1 because of seizures. Median Progression-Free Survival (mPFS) and median Overall Survival (mOS) from ITT enrollment were 10.4 and 16.0 months, respectively. 2-year Overall Survival (OS) is 27%. Conclusions: AV-GBM-1 was reliably manufactured. Treatment was well-tolerated, but there were numerous treatment-emergent central nervous system AEs. mPFS was longer than historical benchmarks, though no mOS improvement was noted. Trial registration: NCT, NCT03400917, Registered 10 January 2018. ER  - 
Caregiver reported seizure precipitants and measures to prevent seizures in children with Dravet syndrome$$$ Objective: The aim of this population-based, cross-sectional study was to describe caregiver-reported seizure precipitants, measures taken to prevent seizures and rescue therapies in children with Dravet Syndrome (DS). Methods: In a population-based study, caregivers of 42/48 Swedish children with DS born between 2000 and 2018 were interviewed. Frequency of precipitants, preventive measures, and rescue therapies were compared between children born 2000-2009 and 2010-2018 and between `severe´ and `less severe´ epilepsy. Results: All children had experienced precipitants. Preventive measures were employed in all. Seizures had been provoked by a median of seven (range 2-11) out of 13 factors. A median of eight (range 1-17) preventive measures out of 19 were reported. The most common precipitants were fever (n=42, 100%), and afebrile infections (n=39/42, 93%). Afebrile infections (p=0.014) and reduced ambient temperature (p=0.006) were more common precipitants in younger children, and bright light in children with severe epilepsy (p=0.013). The most common factors avoided were warm weather (n=35/42, 83%) and physical activity (n=27/42, 64%). It was more common to avoid strong emotions (p=0.035) and reduced temperature (p=0.002) in younger children, and to avoid infections (p=0.024) and crowds (p=0.046) in children with ‘severe’ epilepsy. Many children (n=28/42, 67%) or their siblings (n=16/34, 47% of individuals with siblings) had stayed home to avoid infections in school/day-care. Use of emergency medicines was more frequent in younger children (p=0.006) and in children with ‘severe’ epilepsy (p=0.007). Significance: Caregiver-reported seizure precipitants are common in DS. Caregivers employ a range of measures to avoid seizures, restricting family life. ER  - 
Randomized, crossover, open-label study of the relative bioavailability and safety of FT218, a once-nightly sodium oxybate formulation: Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers$$$ Objectives: Treatment for narcolepsy with sodium oxybate (SXB) has required twice-nightly dosing, at bedtime and 2.5–4 h later. This study evaluated the pharmacokinetics of FT218, an investigational, extended-release, once-nightly formulation of SXB (ON-SXB), vs twice-nightly SXB. Methods: In this phase 1, open-label study, healthy volunteers were randomized (1:1) to ON-SXB 6 g or twice-nightly SXB (two 3-g doses administered 4 h apart); minimum 3-day washout before crossover. Doses were administered 2 h post-evening meal. Blood samples for pharmacokinetic assessments were collected predose and up to 14 h after the first dose during each treatment period. Results: Twenty-eight participants were enrolled (mean age, 39.6 years; 54% women; 93% white). Mean ± SEM area under the concentration-time curve for ON-SXB was 282.7 ± 30.2 μg·h/mL vs 273.3 ± 27.8 μg·h/mL for twice-nightly SXB. Geometric mean ratio (GMR; 90% CI) was 102.9 (98.0–108.0). Maximum γ-hydroxybutyrate (GHB) plasma concentration (Cmax) was 65.8 ± 4.0 μg/mL for ON-SXB vs 77.1 ± 4.9 μg/mL for twice-nightly SXB (GMR [90% CI], 88.3 [80.5–97.0]). The GMR (90% CI) for GHB plasma concentrations 8 h post dose (C8h) for ON-SXB vs twice-nightly SXB was 61.7 (45.8–83.0). The most frequently reported adverse events were the same for ON-SXB and twice-nightly SXB (nausea, dizziness, somnolence, vomiting). Conclusions: GHB exposure and Cmax with one 6-g dose of ON-SXB were bioequivalent to those with two 3-g doses of twice-nightly SXB, whereas C8h was lower with ON-SXB. If approved, ON-SXB will provide a single bedtime oxybate option, with clinically relevant pharmacologic exposure during the entire sleep period. ER  - 
Children, Adolescents, and Young Adults with Borderline Intellectual Functioning: Etiological, Neurophysiological, and Mri Findings in a Cohort of 651 Patients$$$ This retrospective chart review study explored the etiology, use, and yield of the etiological investigations of 651 children and adolescents diagnosed with borderline intellectual functioning (BIF). Neurological, neurodevelopmental, or neuropsychiatric comorbidities were frequent, and in 23%, the BIF diagnosis evolved into an intellectual disability (ID) by the time of discharge. A primary etiological cause was found in 37.6%, the most prevalent causes being pre- or perinatal conditions, genetic syndromes/chromosomal abnormalities, fetal exposure to maternal substance use, cerebral dysgenesis, and neurological diseases. In total, 79.1% of patients went through one or more investigations during their follow-up. The best etiologic yield leading to a diagnosis in this study population was with exome sequencing, a specific gene panel, microarrays, electroneuromyography, and brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Etiological investigations were performed more frequently among those children receiving an ID diagnosis. Yet, there was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of abnormal findings between the BIF and ID groups. This may mean that the current strategy for determining the need for etiological investigations or current means to gain an etiology is still indecisive. Considering that BIF is defined to include individuals performing between normal cognitive functioning and mild ID, this implies that the prevalence would be anywhere between 7 and 14%. Thus, it could be argued whether in-depth etiological investigations may be justified in cases other than ID in this age group of children over five. With these children and adolescents, the clinicians have to discern between those with a normal variation and those having major difficulties in adaptive behavior affecting everyday life in order to specify and prescribe the rehabilitation or other measures needed. We advocate for a targeted etiological search after careful history-taking and neurological examination. National guidelines that take into account the severity of developmental delay are warranted. ER  - 
Neurological Involvement in Children with COVID-19 and MIS-C: A Retrospective Study Conducted for More than Two Years in a Pediatric Hospital$$$ This study aimed to evaluate the type and severity of neurological involvement in children with SARS-CoV-2 infection or multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS-C) and compare these findings between the two groups. Children hospitalized with the diagnosis of COVID-19 or MIS-C at Meyer Children’s Hospital between February 2020 and June 2022 were retrospectively studied. One hundred twenty-two patients were enrolled, 95 in the COVID-19 group and 27 in the MIS-C group. In the COVID-19 group, impairment of consciousness was found in 67.4% of patients, headache in 18.9% and about 16.8% of patients experienced seizures. In this group, three patients were diagnosed with arterial ischemic stroke and one patient was diagnosed with Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS). In the MIS-C group, about 70% of patients experienced consciousness impairment, about 20% behavioral changes, and another 20% mood deflection. Neurological symptoms and signs were highly heterogeneous and could be differentiated in COVID-19 and MIS-C. Consciousness impairment remained the most frequent manifestation in both groups, potentially underlying an encephalopathy. We also highlight the importance of considering psychiatric symptoms in children with COVID-19 and/or MIS-C. Most neurological manifestations were mild in our series; however, severe complications such as ischemic stroke and GBS are worthy of note. ER  - 
COVID-19 Vaccination in Young People with Functional Neurological Disorder: A Case-Control Study$$$ Background: The emergence of acute-onset functional neurological symptoms, the focus of this study, is one of three stress responses related to immunisation. This case–control study documents the experience of 61 young people with past or current functional neurological disorder (FND) in relation to the COVID-19 vaccination program in Australia. Methods: Information about the young person’s/parent’s choice and response pertaining to COVID-19 vaccination was collected as part of routine clinical care or FND research program follow-up. Results: 61 young people treated for FND (47 females, mean age = 16.22 years) and 46 healthy controls (34 females, mean age = 16.37 years) were included in the study. Vaccination rates were high: 58/61 (95.1%) in the FND group and 45/46 (97.8%) in the control group. In the FND group, 2 young people (2/61, 3.3%) presented with new-onset FND following COVID-19 vaccination; two young people with resolved FND reported an FND relapse (2/36, 5.56%); and two young people with unresolved FND (2/20, 10.0%) reported an FND exacerbation. In the control group no FND symptoms were reported. Conclusions: Acute-onset FND symptoms following COVID-19 vaccination are uncommon in the general population. In young people prone to FND, COVID-19 vaccination can sometimes trigger new-onset FND, FND relapse, or FND exacerbation. ER  - 
Safety of Live Immunization in DiGeorge Syndrome: A Retrospective Single-Center Study in Korea, 2005–2021$$$ Live immunization is contraindicated in patients with DiGeorge syndrome (DGS). We retrospectively investigated the occurrence of adverse events after live immunization in patients with DGS in Korea. The data of patients matching the International Classification of Disease-10 code of DGS (D82.1) at Severance Hospital Seoul, Korea, were extracted; patients without genetically diagnosed DGS were excluded. Based on T cell immunity status, the included patients were categorized into group A (CD3 < 500 or CD8 < 200 cells/mm3); group B (CD3 ≥ 500 and CD8 ≥ 200 cells/mm3); or group C (unknown). Among 94 patients, 38 (~40%, group A: 8 [21%]; group B: 30 [79%]) underwent immunological testing and 73 (~80%) received at least one live immunization (measles–mumps–rubella vaccination was most common [66/94, ~70%]). Fifty adverse events (fever [n = 29], upper respiratory infection [n = 9], diarrhea [n = 4], rash [n = 3], thrombocytopenia [n = 3], injection site pus [n = 1], and febrile convulsion [n = 1]) were observed; 13 (26%) occurred in group A, with no significant difference in incidence between groups A and B. Serious adverse events, including intensive care unit hospitalization or death, or diseases due to vaccine strains were not observed. In this study, live immunization was well tolerated by patients with partial DGS. ER  - 
The Relationships between Parenting Practices and Child Health-Related Behaviors in Children with Intellectual Disability: The Moderating Role of Child Body Weight Status$$$ This study aimed to examine the associations between parenting practices and child health-related behaviors, and the moderating role of child body weight status in children with intellectual disability (ID). A cross-sectional study was conducted among a sample of children with ID in Hong Kong; 440 participants were included in this study. All the variables investigated were collected from questionnaires, except body weight status, which was objectively measured. Logistic regression analysis was used to examine the associations between parenting practices and children’s unhealthy behaviors. Interaction items were added to investigate the moderation effect of child body weight status, adjusting for significant background characteristics. Results showed that the parenting practices of “restricting access to unhealthy food and sedentary behaviors (RA)” (OR range: 0.63–0.64) and “using food or sedentary behaviors as rewards (UR)” (OR range: 1.28–1.60) were significantly associated with some eating behaviors, but not with sedentary behaviors. Body weight status significantly moderated these associations. Only RA showed favorable effects on some eating behaviors in children with overweight and obesity (OR range: 0.17–0.28), whereas the effects of UR differed by body weight status. Future research should focus on developing educational interventions which encourage parents to use practices that are tailored towards children’s individual characteristics. ER  - 
The Clinical and Epidemiological Profile of Paediatric-Onset Multiple Sclerosis in Poland$$$ Background. Paediatric-onset MS (POMS) has a unique clinical profile compared to the more prevalent adult-onset MS. For this study, we aimed to determine the demographic and clinical characteristics of POMS in Poland as well as addressing some of its epidemiological aspects. Methods. A retrospective study was conducted based on the Polish Multiple Sclerosis Registry, considering a population of children and adolescents with MS (age ≤ 18 years). Data were collected by all 13 centres across Poland specializing in diagnosing and treating POMS. The actual course of the disease and its clinical properties were compared between child (≤12 years) and juvenile (>12 years) patients. MS onset and its prevalence were assessed at the end of 2019, stratified by age range. Results. A total of 329 paediatric or juvenile patients (228 girls, 101 boys) with a clinically definite diagnosis of MS, in conformity with the 2017 McDonald Criteria, were enrolled. For 71 children (21.6%), the first symptoms appeared before the age of 12. The female: male ratio increased with age, amounting to 1:1 in the ≤12 years group and to 2.9:1 in the >12 years group. In most cases, the disease had multi-symptomatic onset (31.3%), and its course was mostly of a relapsing–remitting character (95.7%). The initial Expanded Disability Status Score for both groups was 1.63 ± 1.1, whereas the annual relapse rate was 0.84 during the first 2 years. The time between the onset of symptoms and diagnosis was longer in the younger patients (8.2 ± 4.2 vs. 4.6 ± 3.6 months; p < 0.005). On 31 December 2019, the age-adjusted prevalence standardized to the European standard population was 5.19/100,000 (95% CI, 4.64–5.78). Significantly higher prevalence was noted in the 13–18 years group (7.12; 95% CI, 6.64–7.86) than in the 9–12 years group (3.41; 95% CI, 2.98–3.86) and the <9 years group (0.56; 95% CI, 0.46–0.64; p < 0.001). Conclusion. POMS commencing at the age of ≤12 years is rare, differing significantly from the juvenile-onset and adult MS in terms of clinical characteristics, course, and incidence, as stratified by gender. ER  - 
EPIAMNE: A New Scoring System for Differentiating Transient EPIleptic AMNEsia from Transient Global Amnesia$$$ Transient epileptic amnesia (TEA) is a rare cause of acute amnestic syndromes (AAS), often misdiagnosed as transient global amnesia (TGA). We proposed a scoring system—the EPIlepsy AMNEsia (EPIAMNE) score—using quantitative EEG (qEEG) analysis to obtain a tool for differentiating TEA from TGA. We retrospectively reviewed clinical information and standard EEGs (stEEG) of 19 patients with TEA and 21 with TGA. We computed and compared Power Spectral Density, demonstrating an increased relative theta power in TGA. We subsequently incorporated qEEG features in EPIAMNE score, together with clinical and stEEG features. ROC curve models and pairwise ROC curve comparison were used to evaluate and compare the diagnostic accuracy for TEA detection of EPIAMNE score, presence of symptoms atypical for TGA (pSymAT) and identification of anomalies (interictal epileptiform or temporal focal spiky transients) at stEEG (PosEEG). Area Under the Curve (AUC) of EPIAMNE score revealed to be higher than PosEEG and pSymAT (AUCEPIAMNE = 0.95, AUCpSymAT = 0.85, AUCPosEEG = 0.67) and this superiority proved to be statistically significant (p-valueEPIAMNE-PosEEG and p-valueEPIAMNE-pSymAT < 0.05). In conclusion, EPIAMNE score classified TEA with higher accuracy than PosEEG and pSymAT. This approach could become a promising tool for the differential diagnosis of AAS, especially for early TEA detection. ER  - 
Inpatient long-term video-electroencephalographic monitoring event capture audiovisual diagnostic quality$$$ Objectives: Long-term video-electroencephalographic monitoring (LTVEM) represents the gold-standard method to evaluate whether events represent electrographic seizures, but limited work has evaluated the quality of inpatient event capture. We evaluated the frequency of audiovisual factors impairing the ideal electroclinical correlation of seizure-like episodes during LTVEM. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed consecutive inpatient LTVEM studies (11/2019–12/2019) from three academic epilepsy centers. We evaluated all pushbutton events for audiovisual characteristics such as whether the event was narrated, whether the patient was blocked on camera, and what diagnostic challenges impaired the electroencephalographer's ability to understand either the reason the event button was pushed or clinical semiology (“electroclinical correlation”). We determined the percent of events and studies with each outcome. Results: There were 154 studies with 520 pushbutton events. The pushbutton was most commonly activated by patients (41%), followed by nurses (31%) or family (17%). Twenty-nine percent of events represented electrographic seizures, and 78% occurred in the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit. The reason for the push was not stated in 45% of events, and inadequate narration impaired electroclinical correlation in 19% of events. At least one relevant part of the patient's body was blocked during 12% of events, but this impaired electroclinical correlation in only 1% of events. There was at least one factor impairing electroclinical correlation in 21% of events, most commonly due to incomplete narration (N = 99), lights off (N = 15), or blankets covering the patient (N = 15). At least one factor impaired electroclinical correlation for any event in 36% of studies. Conclusion: Audiovisual factors impairing the electroencephalographer's ability to render an electroclinical correlation were common, particularly related to inadequate narration from bedside observers to explain the reason for pushing the button or event semiology. Future efforts to develop targeted countermeasures should address narration challenges and improve inpatient seizure monitoring quality metrics. ER  - 
Suspicion of Munchausen syndrome by proxy with a child's presentation of undernutrition, scurvy, and an apparent Avoidant Restrictive Food Intake Disorder$$$ Purpose: Avoidant Restrictive Food Intake Disorder (ARFID) was recently characterized in the DSM-5 classification. Potential differential diagnoses remain poorly reported in the literature. Our purpose was to present a possible Munchausen syndrome by proxy with undernutrition and scurvy, presenting as ARFID in a child. Methods: We describe here a case of an 8-year-old boy who presented with severe undernutrition (BMI = 11.4) and scurvy leading to joint pains. The boy had had a very selective diet since early childhood, and his condition required hospitalization and enteral refeeding. Because of his specific eating behaviour, an ARFID was initially suspected. However, observation of the mother–child relationship, analysis of the child’s eating behaviour, and retrospective analysis of his personal history suggested that this was not a true ARFID, and that the selective eating behaviour had probably been induced by the mother over many years, who probably maintained a low variety diet. Conclusion: Munchausen syndrome by proxy is a difficult differential diagnosis, which may also affect patients with ARFID symptoms, which may also present in the affected child as apparent ARFID. Level of evidence: Level V, descriptive study. ER  - 
Heat Illness Requiring Emergency Care for People Experiencing Homelessness: A Case Study Series$$$ Extreme heat and hot weather has a negative impact on human health and society. Global warming has resulted in an increase in the frequency and duration of heatwaves. Heat-related illnesses are a significant negative consequence of high temperatures and can be life-threatening medical emergencies. The severity of the symptoms can depend on the pre-existing medical conditions and vary from mild headaches to severe cases that can lead to coma and death. The risk of heat-related illness may be higher for people experiencing homelessness due to a lack of access to cool places and water, and the complex interactions between mental illness, medications and substance use disorder. This paper presents two cases of people experiencing homelessness who were admitted to the emergency department of a hospital in Sydney, Australia during a heatwave in November 2020. Both cases were adult males with known risk factors for heat-related illness including hypertension and schizophrenia (Case One) and hepatitis C, cirrhosis, and alcohol use disorder (Case Two). These cases show that severe weather can not only be detrimental to homeless people’s health but can also cause a significant economic toll, evident by the $70,184 AUD expenditure on the care for these two cases. This case report highlights the requirement to determine the risk of heat-related illness to people experiencing homelessness and need to protect this vulnerable population from weather-related illness and death. ER  - 
Quality of life after epilepsy surgery: How domain-specific cognitive changes impact QOL within the context of seizure outcome$$$ Purpose: Neurosurgery is an effective treatment option for pharmacoresistant epilepsy. Although post-surgical seizure freedom is considered the primary goal of epilepsy surgery, other factors that impact Quality of Life (QOL) are also important to consider, including post-surgical cognitive changes. This study aimed to examine the impact of post-surgical cognitive changes on QOL in the context of seizure outcomes. Methods: Participants were 196 adults with focal epilepsy who underwent either frontal (n = 27) or temporal (n = 169) lobe resection. Each participant completed pre- and post-surgical neuropsychological evaluations, and cognitive composites were constructed for the following domains: language, attention/processing speed, memory, executive function, and visuospatial skill. The Quality of Life in Epilepsy (QOLIE-10) questionnaire was used to assess QOL. Seizure outcome was determined by seizure status six months post-surgery. Results: Eighty-one percent of patients were seizure-free post-surgery and generally reported improved QOL. While a significant portion of patient's demonstrated declines in language and verbal memory following surgery, only a decline in verbal memory was associated with worse QOL; however, this relationship was no longer significant after controlling for seizure outcome. Instead, reduced post-surgical QOL was primarily observed in those who experienced both seizure recurrence and a decline in executive function. Notably, depression was a significant covariate in all of the models. Conclusions: The findings from this study improve our ability to counsel patients about the trade-off between cognitive decline and seizure remittance in the greater context of overall QOL. Reassuringly, it appears that QOL is improved regardless of cognitive changes when patients have good seizure outcomes. However, for those that experience a “double hit” (i.e., cognitive decline without seizure remission), post-surgical QOL may be reduced. Changes in depression also appear to play a crucial role in QOL outcomes. ER  - 
Modified Atkins diet versus levetiracetam for non-surgical drug-resistant epilepsy in children: A randomized open-label study$$$ Background: This study was undertaken to compare the efficacy of modified Atkins diet (MAD) among children with non-surgical drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) to levetiracetam, when added to on-going anti-seizure medications. Methods: An open-label, randomized controlled trial among children aged 2–12 years with non-surgical DRE was conducted. Eligible children were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive add-on MAD or levetiracetam. Baseline and post-intervention seizure frequency at 12 weeks was determined from seizure logs maintained by parents. The primary outcome was the proportion of responders, i.e., patients who achieved > 50% seizure reduction from baseline. Adverse events were compared. Analysis was intention-to-treat. (NCT04172311) Results: One hundred and one children were enrolled (MAD-51, levetiracetam-50). The majority of the enrolled children had generalized seizures of mixed types secondary to structural brain lesions and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome was the most common electroclinical syndrome (46%). The proportion of children with >50% seizure reduction at 12 weeks was significantly higher in the MAD arm compared to the levetiracetam arm (27/51(52.9%) vs 11/50(22%); p < 0.001). At 12-weeks post-intervention, the change in mean seizure frequency compared to baseline was -47.33 ± 39.57% in the MAD arm and -31.15 ± 32.18% in the levetiracetam arm (p = 0.03). Constipation (41.1%) was the most frequent adverse effect with MAD. Sedation/lethargy (18%) and anxiety and irritability (14%) were the most frequent adverse effects in the levetiracetam group. Conclusion: Addition of MAD was found to be superior to levetiracetam among children with non-surgical DRE with predominant generalized seizures in achieving seizure reduction at 12 weeks. Both treatments were well tolerated. Adverse effects, although higher with MAD, were expected side effects. ER  - 
The association of multiple chronic conditions and healthcare expenditures among adults with epilepsy in the United States$$$ Rationale: Epilepsy is a frequent neurologic condition with important financial strains on the US healthcare system. The co-occurrence of multiple chronic conditions (MCC) may have additional financial repercussions on this patient population. We aimed to assess the association of coexisting chronic conditions on healthcare expenditures among adult patients with epilepsy. Methods: We identified a total of 1,942,413 adults (≥18 years) with epilepsy using the clinical classification code 83 from the MEPS-HC (Medical Expenditure Panel Survey Household Component) database between 2003 and 2014. Chronic conditions were selected using the clinical classification system (ccs), and categorized into 0, 1, or 2 chronic conditions in addition to epilepsy. We computed unadjusted healthcare expenditures per year and per individual (total direct healthcare expenditure, inpatient expenditure, outpatient expenditure, prescription medication expenditure, emergency room visit expenditure, home healthcare expenditure and other) by number of chronic conditions. We applied a two-part model with probit (probability of zero vs non-zero cost) and generalized linear model (GLM) gamma family and log link (for cost greater than zero) to examine the independent association between chronic conditions, and annual expenditures per individual, generating incremental costs with 0 chronic condition as reference. Results: Over half of the patients with epilepsy had at least two chronic conditions (CC). Yearly, for each patient with one and two chronic conditions, unadjusted total healthcare expenditures were two times ($10,202; 95 %CI $6,551–13,853) to nearly three times ($21,277; 95 %CI $12,971–25,583) higher than those with no chronic conditions ($6,177; 95 %CI $4,895–7,459), respectively. In general healthcare expenditures increased with the number of chronic conditions for pre-specified cost categories. The incremental (adjusted) total healthcare expenditure increased with the number of chronic conditions (1CC vs 0 CC: $3,238; 95 %CI $524–5,851 p-value = 0.015 and ≥2 CC vs 0 CC: $8,145; 95 %CI $5,935–10,895 p-value < 0.001). In general, for all cost categories, incremental healthcare expenditures increased with the number of chronic conditions with the largest increment noted between those with 2 CC and those with 0 CC for inpatient ($2,025: 95 %CI $867–3,1830), outpatient ($2,141; 95 %CI $1,321–2,962), and medication ($1,852; 95 %CI $1,393–2,310). Conclusion: Chronic conditions are frequent among adult patients with epilepsy and are associated with a dose–response increase in healthcare expenditure, a difference driven by inpatient, outpatient, and medication prescription expenditures. Greater coordination of epilepsy care accounting for the presence of multiple chronic conditions may help lower the cost of epilepsy. ER  - 
30-Day readmission rates in pediatric patients with functional seizures$$$ Purpose: To ascertain the rates of 30-day readmissions and emergency department presentations among pediatric patients with an index admission for functional seizures. Method: A retrospective chart review of pediatric patients with an index discharge from the pediatric epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) or general neurology service for functional seizures. Data collected included demographics, comorbidities, risk factors, and treatment during the index admission. Results: A total of one hundred and two patients were included, of which nearly one in five had a 30-day readmission or emergency department presentation. Index admission to the general neurology service was independently associated with more re-presentations to the hospital (t = 3.26, p < 0.0015). The univariate analysis indicated that cognitive impairment and autism were associated with a lower likelihood of readmission, while a neurology referral and being started on an anti-seizure medication were associated with a greater likelihood of readmission. Conclusion: A substantial proportion of pediatric patients with FS return to the hospital within 30 days of discharge. Our data suggest that patients admitted to the EMU service have a lower likelihood of readmission. We speculate that this may be due to differences in patient clinical characteristics as well as the comprehensiveness of the diagnostic evaluation and management in the EMU compared to the general neurology service. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidities among people with epilepsy: A population-based assessment in disadvantaged communities$$$ Psychiatric disorders are frequent among people with epilepsy but often under-recognized. The diagnosis and treatment of these disorders in low- and low-middle-income countries (LMICs) are challenging. Methods: This cross-sectional survey included people recruited during a community epilepsy screening program involving 59,509 individuals from poor communities in Ludhiana in Northwest India. Adults (age ≥18 years) with confirmed epilepsy on antiseizure medications were screened for depression and anxiety using the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) and Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) twice over two years of follow-up. They were later interviewed for symptoms using the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale, which was then confirmed by assessments by an experienced psychiatrist. Results: Of the 240 people with confirmed epilepsy, 167 (70%) were adults, of whom, 116 (70%) eventually participated in the study. The NDDI-E with a cut-off of 15 identified depression in 14 (12%) of 116 people after one year of follow-up and 17 (15%) at two years. The GAD-7 using a cut-off of 6 identified 22 (19%) at one year and 32 (28%) with anxiety at two years. The area under the curves for NDDI-E was estimated as 0.62 (95%CI, 0.51–0.73; SE: 0.06; p = 0.04) and for GAD-7 as 0.62 (95%CI, 0.46–0.78; SE: 0.08; p = 0.12). Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale identified 63 (54%) people with psychiatric symptoms, for whom, a psychiatric diagnosis was confirmed in 60 (52%). A psychiatric diagnosis was associated with education below high school [Odds Ratio (OR): 2.59, 95%CI, 1.12–5.1; p = 0.03], later age of seizure onset (OR, 1.05, 95%CI: 1.0–1.10; p = 0.04), seizure frequency of at least one/year at enrolment (OR, 2.36, 95%CI: 1.0–5.58; p = 0.05) and the use of clobazam (OR, 5.09, 95%CI, 1.40–18.42; p = 0.01). Conclusion: Depression and anxiety are common in people with epilepsy. Our findings underscore the low yields of screening instruments, NDDI-E and GAD-7, and comparatively better professionally-administered diagnostic assessments in resource-limited settings in LMICs. Moreover, previously established cut-offs do not apply to the community studied. ER  - 
Factors associated with favorable visual outcome after surgery of clinoidal meningiomas$$$ Background: The anatomical relationship between clinoidal meningiomas and the optic nerve accounts for their frequent finding on visual disturbances. The goal of the surgery is to perform complete resection and obtain visual recovery. The aim of this study is to determine the factors associated with favorable visual outcome. Methods: We recorded clinical (including ophthalmological), imaging and surgical data of all patients operated on for clinoidal meningiomas between 2010 and 2020 in 2 French neurosurgical departments and we analyzed their impact on visual outcome. Results: A total of 34 patients were included. At 3–4 months after surgery, 23 patients (68%) had favorable visual outcome. Factors associated with favorable visual outcome were duration of ophthalmologic symptoms < 6 months, preoperative visual acuity > 0.5, absence of optic atrophy, meningioma in high signal intensity on T2-weighted or FLAIR MRI, absence of optic canal involvement and absence of bone hyperostosis on pre-operative CT scan. A soft tumor and a clear brain/tumor border were intra-operative factor associated with favorable ophthalmological outcome. Conclusions: In clinoidal meningiomas, an early surgery should be performed to optimize visual improvement. Hyperintense lesion on T2-weighted/FLAIR preoperative MRI is correlated with a soft consistency which allows an easier surgery associated with a favorable visual outcome. Invasion of the optic canal and bone hyperostosis should reserve the visual prognosis. ER  - 
Efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of a booster regimen of Ad26.COV2.S vaccine against COVID-19 (ENSEMBLE2): results of a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial$$$ Background: Despite the availability of effective vaccines against COVID-19, booster vaccinations are needed to maintain vaccine-induced protection against variant strains and breakthrough infections. This study aimed to investigate the efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of the Ad26.COV2.S vaccine (Janssen) as primary vaccination plus a booster dose. Methods: ENSEMBLE2 is a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial including crossover vaccination after emergency authorisation of COVID-19 vaccines. Adults aged at least 18 years without previous COVID-19 vaccination at public and private medical practices and hospitals in Belgium, Brazil, Colombia, France, Germany, the Philippines, South Africa, Spain, the UK, and the USA were randomly assigned 1:1 via a computer algorithm to receive intramuscularly administered Ad26.COV2.S as a primary dose plus a booster dose at 2 months or two placebo injections 2 months apart. The primary endpoint was vaccine efficacy against the first occurrence of molecularly confirmed moderate to severe–critical COVID-19 with onset at least 14 days after booster vaccination, which was assessed in participants who received two doses of vaccine or placebo, were negative for SARS-CoV-2 by PCR at baseline and on serology at baseline and day 71, had no major protocol deviations, and were at risk of COVID-19 (ie, had no PCR-positive result or discontinued the study before day 71). Safety was assessed in all participants; reactogenicity, in terms of solicited local and systemic adverse events, was assessed as a secondary endpoint in a safety subset (approximately 6000 randomly selected participants). The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04614948, and is ongoing. Findings: Enrolment began on Nov 16, 2020, and the primary analysis data cutoff was June 25, 2021. From 34 571 participants screened, the double-blind phase enrolled 31 300 participants, 14 492 of whom received two doses (7484 in the Ad26.COV2.S group and 7008 in the placebo group) and 11 639 of whom were eligible for inclusion in the assessment of the primary endpoint (6024 in the Ad26.COV2.S group and 5615 in the placebo group). The median (IQR) follow-up post-booster vaccination was 36·0 (15·0–62·0) days. Vaccine efficacy was 75·2% (adjusted 95% CI 54·6–87·3) against moderate to severe–critical COVID-19 (14 cases in the Ad26.COV2.S group and 52 cases in the placebo group). Most cases were due to the variants alpha (B.1.1.7) and mu (B.1.621); endpoints for the primary analysis accrued from Nov 16, 2020, to June 25, 2021, before the global dominance of delta (B.1.617.2) or omicron (B.1.1.529). The booster vaccine exhibited an acceptable safety profile. The overall frequencies of solicited local and systemic adverse events (evaluated in the safety subset, n=6067) were higher among vaccine recipients than placebo recipients after the primary and booster doses. The frequency of solicited adverse events in the Ad26.COV2.S group were similar following the primary and booster vaccinations (local adverse events, 1676 [55·6%] of 3015 vs 896 [57·5%] of 1559, respectively; systemic adverse events, 1764 [58·5%] of 3015 vs 821 [52·7%] of 1559, respectively). Solicited adverse events were transient and mostly grade 1–2 in severity. Interpretation: A homologous Ad26.COV2.S booster administered 2 months after primary single-dose vaccination in adults had an acceptable safety profile and was efficacious against moderate to severe–critical COVID-19. Studies assessing efficacy against newer variants and with longer follow-up are needed. Funding: Janssen Research & Development. ER  - 
Lupus low disease activity state and remission and risk of mortality in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: a prospective, multinational, longitudinal cohort study$$$ Background: Treat-to-target goals for patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) have been validated to protect against organ damage and to improve quality of life. We aimed to investigate the association between lupus low disease activity state (LLDAS) and remission and risk of mortality in patients with SLE. We hypothesised that LLDAS has a protective association with mortality risk. Methods: In this prospective, multinational, longitudinal cohort study, we used data from patients with SLE in the Asia Pacific Lupus Collaboration cohort collected between May 1, 2013, and Dec 31, 2020. Eligible patients were adults (aged ≥18 years) who met either the 1997 American College of Rheumatology modified classification criteria for SLE or the 2012 Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics classification criteria. The primary outcome was all-cause mortality, and LLDAS, remission, and variations of remission with lower glucocorticoid thresholds were the primary exposure variables. Survival analyses were used to examine longitudinal associations between these endpoints and risk of mortality. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03138941. Findings: Among a total of 4106 patients in the cohort, 3811 (92·8%) patients were included in the final analysis (median follow-up 2·8 years [IQR 1·0–5·3]; 3509 [92·1%] women and 302 [7·9%] men), of whom 80 died during the observation period (crude mortality rate 6·4 deaths per 1000 person-years). LLDAS was attained at least once in 43 (53·8%) of 80 participants who died and in 3035 (81·3%) of 3731 participants who were alive at the end of the study (p<0·0001); 22 (27·5%) participants who died versus 1966 (52·7%) who were alive at the end of the study attained LLDAS for at least 50% of observed time (p<0·0001). Remission was attained by 32 (40·0%) of 80 who died and in 2403 (64·4%) of 3731 participants who were alive at the end of the study (p<0·0001); 14 (17·5%) participants who died versus 1389 (37·2%) who were alive at the end of the study attained remission for at least 50% of observed time (p<0·0001). LLDAS for at least 50% of observed time (adjusted hazard ratio 0·51 [95% CI 0·31–0·85]; p=0·010) and remission for at least 50% of observed time (0·52 [0·29–0·93]; p=0·027) were associated with reduced risk of mortality. Modifying the remission glucocorticoid threshold (<5·0 mg/day prednisolone) was more protective against mortality than current remission definitions (0·31 [0·12–0·77]; p=0·012), and glucocorticoid-free remission was the most protective (0·13 [0·02–0·96]; p=0·046). Interpretation: LLDAS significantly reduced the risk of mortality in patients with SLE. Remission did not further reduce the risk of mortality compared with LLDAS, unless lower glucocorticoid thresholds were used. Funding: The Asia-Pacific Lupus Collaboration received funding from Janssen, Bristol Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, and UCB for this study. ER  - 
Penetrating brain injury caused by tired bullet: First report from Somalia$$$ Background: Brain injuries caused by a tired bullet can range from headaches to severe brain injury and death. The question which poses a dilemma is whether extraction of retained bullets could decrease the late complications. This study aims to investigate the radiological findings, the neurological status of the patients, and different modalities of management for craniocerebral tired bullet injury. Method: This study retrospectively reviewed 21 patients with a tired bullet injury to the brain who were admitted into our hospital over five years. All patients were assessed for the Glasgow outcome scale as outpatients. Result: Of the 21 patients in the study, 11 (52.3%) were males, and 10 (47.6%) were females. The most common entry point of the bullet was frontal in 8 (38.0%) patients, followed by parietal in 7 (33.3%), and orbital in 5 (23.8%). The mortality rate was 23.8% (n = 5 patients). Bad outcomes were documented in patients with low GCS, with all patients who died having a GCS of (3–8). Bullet retrieval was performed for 7 of 21 patients, while all patients who were not candidates for emergency operation underwent local wound debridement. The GOS score was good [4 and 5] in 71.4% (15 of 21 patients). Conclusion: This study revealed that two-thirds of patients with tired bullet injury underwent conservative treatment with an excellent long-term outcome, particularly for patients with high GCS on admission. The mortality rate was high among children under 15 years and those with a GCS of 3–8. ER  - 
Neuronavigation in falcine meningiomasare surgery: Initial results from a Vietnamese multi-center study$$$ Background: Neuronavigation has been applied in neurocenters to help neurosurgeons plan the way to resect tumor totally and decline the neuro-injuries. This study aims to initially evaluate the result of microsurgery applying neuronavigation in treating falcine meningioma, which has not been reported comprehensively in Vietnam. Materials and methods: This cross-sectional study enrolled 62 patients diagnosised with falcine meningioma and treated by applying neuronavigation in operation in Neurosurgery Department of Military Hospital 103 and Viet Duc University Hospital from July 2015 to March 2017. Patients were assessed complications as well as residual lesions. Evaluate surgical results when discharging from hospital according to Ojemann MD standard. Results: Mean tumor volume was 67.37 ± 66.61 cm³ (range 6–370 cm³). Unilateral access site was the most common with 85.48%. Mean surgery duration was 209.84 ± 70.86 min. There were 27 out of 62 patients (43.55%) need blood transfusion in surgery. Tumor volume had an impact on blood transfusion in operation with p = 0.002. 82.26% of patients had total resection (Simpson I,II). There were 4.84% of patients having haemorrhage and 3 patients (4.84%) had wound infection after operation. Short-term outcome was evaluated according to Ojemann MD standard: good outcome was 67.74%, medium 17.74%, and poor outcome 14.52%. Conclusions: The application of neuronavigation and microsurgery enables surgeons to access falcine meningiomasare exactly, lessen the surgery duration, limit blood transfusion and complications after operation. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive Therapy for Unipolar Depression in Older Adults: Overall Outcomes and Clinical Trajectories of Nonresponders$$$ Objectives Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and effective procedure in unipolar depression in older adults; however, less is known about clinical features and trajectories among patients who do not respond. In this retrospective, naturalistic study, we examine characteristics associated with ECT response among older adults with unipolar depression who received ECT over an 8-year period and describe long-term outcomes for nonresponders. Methods We retrospectively identified patients 65 years or older with major depressive disorder who were treated with ECT during an 8-year period. We reviewed demographic and clinical factors among patients who responded to ECT and those who did not. Clinic notes were reviewed for ECT nonresponders to determine Clinical Global Impressions scores in the 24 months after ECT treatment. Results We identified 140 patients meeting the inclusion criteria. Most patients (65%) responded to ECT. Fewer previous antidepressant trials, lower baseline Montreal Cognitive Assessment scores, and lower baseline Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale scores were associated with an increased likelihood of ECT response. Among the 49 (35%) nonresponders, another 12 (24.5%) responded to a variety of treatments within 2 years after ECT. There were no serious adverse effects of treatment. Conclusions Most patients responded to ECT, many of whom had severe illness that had been refractory to numerous medication trials. Among nonresponders, a subset improved over time through a variety of treatments. However, most patients who did not respond to ECT had persistent depression after 2 years. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive Therapy in Children and Adolescents in Germany - A Case Series From 3 University Hospitals$$$ Objective Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a well-established, safe, and efficacious treatment for severe psychiatric disorders. In children and adolescents, it is used much less frequently than in adults, likely because of a lack of knowledge. Methods We retrospectively analyzed all patients aged 12 to 17 years who completed a course of ECT at 3 psychiatric university hospitals in Germany between 2010 and 2020. Clinical Global Impression Severity (CGI-S) scores were assessed based on electronic medical records. Changes in CGI-S scores were assessed using a paired samples t test. Predictors for response and remission were assessed using binomial logistic regression. Results We included 32 patients. The CGI-S scores improved significantly from before to after ECT treatment (6.9 vs 3.9, t = 10.0, P < 0.01). A total of 40.6% of patients responded (CGI ≤ 3) and 21.9% remitted (CGI ≤ 2). The number of ineffective medication trials in the 6 months before ECT treatment was significantly associated with response (odds ratio, 0.54; P = 0.028) and remission (odds ratio, 0.31; P = 0.048). Five patients reported subjective cognitive adverse effects, 2 patients exhibited a prolonged seizure, 1 patient reported headaches, and 1 patient experienced a mild allergic reaction after anesthesia with etomidate. A total of 65.6% of patients experienced no adverse effects at all. Conclusions This retrospective analysis found ECT to be effective and safe in children and adolescents irrespective of their main diagnosis. The reported data point to the importance of an early use of ECT for severe psychiatric diseases in child and adolescent psychiatry. ER  - 
ERECTOR SPINAE PLANE BLOCK FOR MINIMALLY INVASIVE MITRAL VALVE SURGERY HAS NO IMPACT ON POSTOPERATIVE OUTCOMES: A DOUBLE-BLIND, PROSPECTIVE RANDOMIZED PLACEBO-CONTROLLED TRIAL$$$ Objective: Compared to traditional sternotomy, minimally invasive mitral valve surgery (MIMVS) using video-assisted thoracoscopy has been shown to result in an increased incidence of moderate to severe acute postoperative pain.1 The Erector Spinae Plane (ESP) block, a novel fascial plane block, may be an useful and safe option for postoperative analgesia in MIMVS.2 As randomized trials in this field are sparse, we hypothesized that an intermittent ESP block with ropivacaine 0.5% (intervention group) compared to normal saline 0.9% (control group) is effective in reducing postoperative pain after MIVMS.3 Design & Methods: PPThis single center, double-blind, prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled trial was approved by the local Ethics Committee (S62638 June 4th 2019, EudraCT 2019-001125-27). The trial was supported by the EACTA Research Grant 2020. Primary endpoint was postoperative 24h morphine consumption. Based on pilot data and to have an 80% power to show a 25% reduction in 24h morphine consumption in the intervention-group compared to the control-group, 64 patients had to be randomized (1:1 ratio). A pre-planned sample size recalculation was performed after inclusion of 32 patients. Multiple secondary endpoints were evaluated up to 30-days postoperatively including postoperative pain scores, midaxillary sensory block, rescue treatments for pain and hospital length of stay.3 Results: Sample size recalculation revealed the need to recruit 4 additional patients in each group. 72 patients were randomized between July 2nd 2019 and November 4th 2021. Regarding our primary outcome, 2 patients in the intervention-group could not be assessed due to reintubation and ischemic cerebral event. In the control-group, we observed 2 epileptic seizures requiring unblinding of the randomization to start appropriate treatment. There were no differences in baseline or procedural characteristics. The median (IQR) 24h morphine consumption was not different between the intervention- and control-group: 41mg [30;55] vs 37mg [29;50], p=0.70, respectively (Table 1). Mean numerical rating scale values for pain showed no significant differences between groups (Figure 1). The number of morphine boli requested each hour by the patient, sensory block, rescue treatments for pain and hospital length of stay were comparable (Figure 2 & Table 1). Conclusion: In the current placebo-controlled trial following MIMVS, we were unable to demonstrate any benefit from the addition of an intermittent ESP-block to a standard multimodal analgesia regimen. ER  - 
Levoketoconazole treatment in endogenous Cushing’s syndrome: extended evaluation of clinical, biochemical, and radiologic outcomes$$$ Objective: This extended evaluation (EE) of the SONICS study assessed the effects of levoketoconazole for an additional 6 months following open-label, 6-month maintenance treatment in endogenous Cushing’s syndrome. Design/Methods: SONICS included dose-titration (150–600 mg BID), 6-month maintenance, and 6-month EE phases. Exploratory efficacy assessments were performed at months 9 and 12 (relative to the start of maintenance). For pituitary MRI in patients with Cushing’s disease, a threshold of ≥2 mm denoted change from baseline in the largest tumor diameter. Results: Sixty patients entered EE at month 6; 61% (33/54 with data) exhibited normal mean urinary free cortisol (mUFC). At months 9 and 12, respectively, 55% (27/49) and 41% (18/44) of patients with data had normal mUFC. Mean fasting glucose, total and LDL-cholesterol, body weight, BMI, abdominal girth, hirsutism, CushingQoL, and Beck Depression Inventory-II scores improved from the study baseline at months 9 and 12. Forty-six patients completed month 12; four (6.7%) discontinued during EE due to adverse events. The most common adverse events in EE were arthralgia, headache, hypokalemia, and QT prolongation (6.7% each). No patient experienced alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase >3× upper limit of normal, Fridericia-corrected QT interval >460 ms, or adrenal insufficiency during EE. Of 31 patients with tumor measurements at baseline and month 12 or follow-up, the largest tumor diameter was stable in 27 (87%) patients, decreased in one, and increased in three (largest increase 4 mm). Conclusion: In the first long-term levoketoconazole study, continued treatment through a 12-month maintenance period sustained the early clinical and biochemical benefits in most patients completing EE, without new adverse effects. ER  - 
Cognitive adverse effects of epilepsy and its predictors attending outpatient department of South Gondar zone hospitals, Amhara Region, Ethiopia 2020 /2021$$$ Background Epilepsy is the most common neurologic disorder which is further complicated by neurobehavioral co-morbidities, cognitive impairment, psychiatric disorders, and social problems. However, assessments of cognitive status of epileptic patients are far too low during clinical visits. This calls for early neuropsychological assessment soon after the diagnosis of epilepsy for a better treatment plan and outcome for epileptic patients. Objective This study aimed to assess the cognitive adverse effects of epilepsy and its predictors attending outpatient departments of South Gondar Zone hospitals Amhara region Ethiopia 2020/2021. Methods A multi-center institutional-based cross-sectional study was conducted. A total of 509 respondents were included with a response rate of 93.9%. Previously adapted pretested structured questionnaire was used containing, socio-demographic, clinical, and seizure related factors. Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) was used to measure cognitive impairment. A systematic random sampling technique was applied. Data were entered into Epi data version 4.4.2 then exported to SPSS version 24 for analysis. Descriptive statistics, bivariable and multivariable binary logistic regressions with odds ratios and 95% confidence interval were employed. The level of significance of association was determined at a p-value < 0.05. Results Prevalence of cognitive impairment in this study was 69.2% (95%CI; 65.4, 73.1). Rural residents (AOR = 4.16,95%CI, 1.99,8.67), respondents who couldn’t read and write (AOR = 2.62, 95%CI; 1.24, 5.5,) longer duration of seizure disorder (AOR = 4.59,95%CI; 2.01,10.52), taking combined Phenobarbital and Phenytoin (AOR = 4.69,95%CI; 1.88,11.69), having history of head injury (AOR = 3.29,95%CI;1.30,8.32), having depression (AOR = 4.76,95%CI;2.83,7.98), and anxiety (AOR = 3.11,95%CI; 1.58,6.12) were significantly associated with cognitive impairment. Conclusions Prevalence of cognitive impairment in this study was high. Regular neuropsychiatric assessment of patients with epilepsy should be encouraged especially for those participants with longer durations of illness, who are rural residents, who take combined Phenobarbital and Phenytoin, participants who had a history of head injury, depression, and anxiety. ER  - 
HSD94 A Novel Method to Measure Health$$$ Objectives: We developed a novel measurement (multi-attribute preference response, MAPR) model that is preference-based and patient-centered. In 2019 (ViH), based on the MAPR model, we introduced a generic patient-reported outcome measure (PROM) called CS-Base. We aimed to assess the performance of the CS-Base parallel to the established EQ-5D-5L. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study based on a random sample of USA patients with various kinds of diseases. The CS-Base comprises 12 health items (mobility, vision, hearing, cognition, mood, anxiety, pain, fatigue, social functioning, daily activities, self-esteem, independence), whereas the EQ-5D-5L has 5 health items (mobility, self-care, usual activities, pain/discomfort, anxiety/depression). In addition, we used an ad-hoc and experimental version (5D) of the EQ-5D that was implemented in our MAPR model. The CS-Base and 5D were implemented in a special software application (HealthSnApp). The USA EQ-5D-5L tariff was used to calculate utilities. We studied the range of health items captured, estimated coefficients, values for diseases, and discrimination between health states. Results: Our sample comprised of 1989 respondents. All coefficients showed a logical order and statistically significant differences for both PROMs. The EQ-5D-5L item ‘usual activities’ had the lowest impact, the items ‘mobility’, ‘pain’, and ‘anxiety’ showed high or moderate impacts. High impacts were also observed for ‘vision’, ‘hearing’, and ‘cognition’ (not part of the EQ-5D-5L). Mean values in the different disease groups were overall comparable for the CS-Base and the 5D and the EQ-5D-5L, except for epilepsy and lung disease, these two diseases showed revered mean values. The values of the CS-Base were more densely and evenly distributed. A ceiling effect was observed for the EQ-5D-5L. Conclusions: This study revealed that the CS-Base and the EQ-5D-5L provide comparable values. However, the CS-Base was better in discriminating between health states. ER  - 
Randomized controlled trial of early aerobic exercise following sport-related concussion: Progressive percentage of age-predicted maximal heart rate versus usual care$$$ Objective To examine the effect of a readily accessible, structured aerobic exercise intervention on days to asymptomatic status and days to medical clearance compared to usual care exercise prescription in a cohort of adolescents and young adults following sport-related concussion (SRC). Methods A longitudinal, randomized, non-blinded clinical trial consisting of a structured aerobic exercise protocol (SAEP) group and a usual care exercise prescription (UCEP) group. Participants in the SAEP group underwent an exercise protocol including 8 sessions over 11 days progressing in duration and intensity stepwise based on participants’ age-predicted maximal heart rate. Symptom follow-ups were on days 7, 14, 21, and 28. The primary outcome measures of the study were days to asymptomatic status and days to medical clearance, while the secondary outcome measure was symptom severity on days 7, 14, 21, and 28. Results 38 participants (SAEP, n = 20; UCEP, n = 19) were recruited and completed all follow-up appointments. Compared to the UCEP group, the SAEP had a faster time to asymptomatic status with 96% posterior probability. In addition, the SAEP group displayed an earlier time to medical clearance with 93% posterior probability. While symptom severity scores did not differ between groups at enrolment (SAEP symptom severity, 30; UCEP, 29), they were subsequently lower in the SAEP group at all assessments throughout the trial with 100% posterior probability. Conclusions An aerobic exercise protocol based on percentages of age-predicted maximum heart rate is a safe and effective treatment for reducing symptoms and can be initiated during the first week following SRC. ER  - 
Patient-reported outcomes via electronic health record portal versus telephone: a pragmatic randomized pilot trial of anxiety or depression symptoms in epilepsy$$$ Objective: To close gaps between research and clinical practice, tools are needed for efficient pragmatic trial recruitment and patient-reported outcome collection. The objective was to assess feasibility and process measures for patient-reported outcome collection in a randomized trial comparing electronic health record (EHR) patient portal questionnaires to telephone interview among adults with epilepsy and anxiety or depression symptoms. Materials and Methods: Recruitment for the randomized trial began at an epilepsy clinic visit, with EHR-embedded validated anxiety and depression instruments, followed by automated EHR-based research screening consent and eligibility assessment. Fully eligible individuals later completed telephone consent, enrollment, and randomization. Participants were randomized 1:1 to EHR portal versus telephone outcome assessment, and patient-reported and process outcomes were collected at 3 and 6 months, with primary outcome 6-month retention in EHR arm (feasibility target: ≥11 participants retained). Results: Participants (N = 30) were 60% women, 77% White/non-Hispanic, with mean age 42.5 years. Among 15 individuals randomized to EHR portal, 10 (67%, CI 41.7%-84.8%) met the 6-month retention endpoint, versus 100% (CI 79.6%-100%) in the telephone group (P = 0.04). EHR outcome collection at 6 months required 11.8 min less research staff time per participant than telephone (5.9, CI 3.3-7.7 vs 17.7, CI 14.1-20.2). Subsequent telephone contact after unsuccessful EHR attempts enabled near complete data collection and still saved staff time. Discussion: In this randomized study, EHR portal outcome assessment did not meet the retention feasibility target, but EHR method saved research staff time compared to telephone. Conclusion: While EHR portal outcome assessment was not feasible, hybrid EHR/telephone method was feasible and saved staff time. ER  - 
Imaging Findings in Children Presenting with CNS Nelarabine Toxicity$$$ Nelarabine is a nucleoside analog critical for the treatment of patients with T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma. However, clinical peripheral and central neurologic adverse events associated with nelarabine administration have been reported. Neuroimaging of brain neurotoxicity has only been described in very few reports in pediatric patients so far. Six children with diagnosed T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia who clinically experienced possible, probable, or definite nelarabine-induced toxicity and underwent spine and/or brain MR imaging were reviewed. Neuroimaging findings showed a mixture of patterns including features of acute toxic leukoencephalopathy (seen in 6 cases), posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (2 cases), involvement of deep gray structures (1 case) and brainstem (2 cases), cranial and spinal neuropathy (2 cases each), and myelopathy (2 cases). Even though neuroimaging findings are nonspecific, the goal of this article was to alert the pediatric neuroradiologists, radiologists, and clinicians about the possibility of nelarabine-induced neurotoxicity and its broad neuroimaging spectrum. ER  - 
Cannabinoid Profiles in Medical Cannabis Users: Effects of Age, Gender, Symptoms, and Duration of Use$$$ Introduction: Clinical trials remain the gold standard for evaluating efficacy, but there is increasing interest in using real-world evidence (RWE) to inform health care decision making. The aims of this observational study were to describe patterns of medical cannabis use, associated changes in symptom severity over time, and to evaluate change in cannabis dose over time for pain-related symptoms. Methods: Data were collected by Strainprint™, an application that is HIPAA, PIPEDA, and PHIPA compliant. A total of 629 participants recorded data between May 2017 and August 2019. A total of 65 symptoms were grouped as Pain, Mental Health, Physical Symptoms, Seizures, Headaches/Migraines, and Other. Descriptive statistics and mixed-effects modeling were applied. Results: THC-dominant products were more frequently consumed for symptoms of pain and sleep, while CBD-dominant products were more frequently consumed for anxiety and depression. Male and female participants demonstrated significant differences in the type of cannabis they consumed. Females more frequently consumed CBD-dominant products, and males more frequently consumed balanced (THC:CBD) products. Oil use was more prominent among females, while vaping was more common among males. Product use also varied by age tertiles (<31; 31-39; >40 years). CBD-dominant products were more common among younger participants, <31 years, THC-dominant products were more common among the 31-39 years category and balanced (THC:CBD) products were common among older participants >41 years. Dosages of CBD-dominant and balanced (THC:CBD) products increased over time irrespective of symptom response. THC-dominant products demonstrated a significant relationship between dose and symptom reduction over time. Conclusions: Recognizing that RWE has important methodological limitations, we observed cannabis product preferences based on demographic characteristics, such as gender and age and the primary symptom treated such as pain and anxiety. Our study offers real-world insights into how participants use and respond to cannabis products and suggests important avenues and methodologies for future research. ER  - 
Burnout Among Respiratory Therapists Amid the COVID-19 Pandemic$$$ BACKGROUND: Burnout is a major challenge in health care and is associated with poor overall well-being, increased medical errors, worse patient outcomes, and low job satisfaction. There is scant literature focused on the respiratory therapist’s (RT) experience of burnout, and a thorough exploration of RTs’ perception of factors associated with burnout has not been reported. The aim of this qualitative study was to understand the factors associated with burnout as experienced by RTs amid the COVID-19 pandemic. METHODS: We performed a post hoc, qualitative analysis of free-text responses from a survey of burnout prevalence in RTs. RESULTS: There were 1,114 total and 220 free-text responses. Five overarching themes emerged from the analysis: staffing, workload, physical/emotional consequences, lack of effective leadership, and lack of respect. Respondents discussed feelings of anxiety, depression, and compassion fatigue as well as concerns that lack of adequate staffing, high workload assignments, and inadequate support from leadership contributed to feelings of burnout. Specific instances of higher patient acuity, surge in critically ill patients, rapidly evolving changes in treatment recommendations, and minimal training and preparation for an extended scope of practice were reported as stressors that led to burnout. Some respondents stated that they felt a lack of respect for both the RT profession and the contribution of RTs to patient care. CONCLUSIONS: Themes associated with burnout in RTs included staffing, workload, physical and emotional exhaustion, lack of effective leadership, and lack of respect. These results provide potential targets for interventions to combat burnout among RTs. ER  - 
FUNCTIONAL NEUROLOGICAL DISORDER IN THE CHRONIC PAIN CLINIC$$$ A RETROSPECTIVE STUDY OF COMORBIDITY; Objectives/Aims Chronic pain is commonly reported as a comorbidity in patients with functional neurological disorder (FND) however the prevalence of FND in those presenting with chronic pain is unknown. We aimed to estimate 1) the prevalence of FND in patients seen at a chronic pain clinic and 2) how patients with chronic pain and comorbid FND differ from those without FND in terms of pain characteristics, psychiatric comorbidity, pain management and pain outcome. Methods Retrospective electronic records review of consecutive new patients attending chronic pain clinics of 8 pain specialists in Lothian from the 1st of August 2019 to the 19thSeptember of 2019. Mean duration of follow up was 25 months. We recorded the clinical features, medication, management and outcome of chronic pain, any lifetime (up to November 2021) diagnoses of functional, FND and psychiatric disorders and undiagnosed neurological symptoms (where it was unclear if symptoms related to FND or another condition). Results Of 190 patients attending a chronic pain clinic, 32 (17%) had at least one lifetime diagnosis of FND and an additional 8 (4%) had undiagnosed neurological symptoms. FND diagnoses were functional limb weakness (8%), functional sensory disorder (8%), dissociative seizures (6%), functional cognitive disorder (5%), functional movement disorder (4%) and others (2%). Chronic primary pain (p<0.001), widespread chronic primary pain (p<0.00001) and pain with no precipitating trigger (p<0.01) were more common in pain patients with comorbid FND. A history of depression (p<0.001), anxiety (p<0.05) and suicide attempt (p<0.05) were also more common in these patients. However, patients with chronic pain and comorbid FND did not differ significantly from patients without FND in age, gender, prescribed analgesia (opiates and benzodiazepines) or pain outcome (25% vs 34% pain improved). Conclusions FND was found in a surprisingly high 17% of new patients at a chronic pain clinic. This may be an underestimate based on an additional 4% of patients with undiagnosed neurological symptoms. Patients with chronic pain and FND are significantly more likely to have chronic primary pain compared to other pain patients but do not experience different pain management or outcome. These results provide further evidence of the important overlap between FND and chronic pain conditions. ER  - 
Preliminary Observations From an Open Phase II Trial of Cannabidiol in Children With Autism Spectrum Disorder$$$ Background: Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is common (∼2.3% of children) and lacks specific pharmacologic treatments. Anecdotal reports and one placebo-controlled trial (of a 20:1 ratio of cannabidiol (CBD) and THC; Aran et al., Molecular Autism, 2021) suggest CBD may be helpful for some autistic children. CBD has been approved by the US FDA to treat refractory seizure syndromes in children and was well tolerated. We undertook an ongoing open trial of pharmacologic grade FDA-approved CBD without THC in children and adolescents without seizures and at least average intellectual ability as a basis for hypothesis generation and selection of dose and outcomes in future controlled trials. CBD is being provided at no cost by JAZZ Pharmaceuticals, which has had no had a role in designing the study, nor in analyzing or reporting results. Methods: Nineteen youth, ages 7-17 (M = 11.3 ± 2.9) with ASD completed an ongoing, 6-week Phase 2 open trial of 98% CBD (100 mg/mL) at 3, 6 or 9 mg/kg/d; target N = 30 [NCT03900923]. Dose was determined per a Bayesian optimal interval design starting at the 6 mg/kg/d dose with an initial expectation of 60% response rate. Inclusion criteria were a confirmed ASD diagnosis, verbal fluency, IQ ≥ 80, Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS-2) Total T-score ≥ 66, and Clinical Global Impression Scale-Severity (CGI-S) score ≥ 4 on an individualized target symptom domain identified at baseline by clinician consensus from informant report, rating scales, and clinical observation. Response was defined as CGI-Improvement (CGI-I) score ≤ 2 in the target domain. Adverse events (AEs) were assessed at weeks 2, 4 and 6 by clinician administered UKU Side Effects Rating Scale - Patient Version-5 to dyads, and at weeks 1, 3, 5 by coordinator phone calls to parents. Clinician consensus determined relatedness of AEs to treatment. In response to COVID-19, all screening procedures and assessments (excluding physical exams and blood testing to monitor safety) were conducted via secure virtual teleconferencing. Surveys were administered securely via REDCap software. Plasma CBD levels and clinical labs were obtained at the last session. Results: Demographics: We enrolled 18 males and 1 female. Full-scale IQ scores ranged from 81 to 136 (M = 104 ± 17). Seventeen had co-occurring psychiatric diagnoses: ADHD-Combined (n = 12), ADHD-Inattentive (n = 4), OCD (n = 4), Anxiety (n = 3), and Other-Specified Disruptive and Impulse Control Disorder (n = 2). Participants' racial and ethnic identities included white (n = 12), white/Hispanic (n = 5), Asian (n = 2), Black/African American (n = 1), multiracial (n = 2), unknown race/Hispanic (n = 1), and unknown race/ethnicity (n = 1). All 19 enrolled participants completed the trial; overall, eight were classified as responders (42%); response rate was related to dose, ranging from 17% at 3 mg/kg/d (n = 6), to 44% on 6 mg/kg/ d (n= 9) and 75% on 9 mg/kg/d (n = 4; this phase is ongoing). Dose correlated with CGI-I (r(18)=-0.43, p = .05). CGI-S scores improved significantly from pre-(M = 4.68 ± 0.48) to posttreatment (M = 3.95 ± 0.78), paired t(18)=3.98, p = <.001; Cohen's d = 0.92; 95% CI [0.37, 1.44]. In a post-hoc analysis, we noted that none of the five participants taking stimulants for ADHD responded to CBD, while 8 of 11 (73%) who have ADHD but were not being treated with a stimulant responded (Fisher exact p = 0.013). A total of 83 AEs were reported; 79 were considered mild, 3 mild-moderate, and 1 moderate. Of 30 AEs judged by clinician consensus to be related to CBD, none were both related and unexpected. There were 17 unexpected AEs, all deemed unrelated. Liver function lab tests and complete blood counts were unaffected by CBD. Plasma CBD levels after 6-week treatment ranged widely from 2.4 ng/ml to 430.6 ng/ml and were related to dose (r(18)=0.46, p = 0.05) but not to CGII (r(18)=-0.19). Conclusions: CBD is well tolerated and seems to be beneficial for autistic youth although with a lower overall response rate than expected. We speculate placebo effects may have diminished based on informal tests conducted by families, facilitated by CBD legalization, although mean CBD doses in the community are 2 to 3 mg/kg/day (DiLiberto et al., 2022). Our experience suggests that higher doses are more likely to be beneficial and that benefits, when they emerge, do so over several weeks. Unexpectedly, we observed a high response rate (73%) in youth with comorbid ADHD not being treated with stimulants. These results resonate with Seeman' 2016 observation (in Translational Psychiatry) that CBD has partial agonist properties at striatal D2 receptors, comparable to aripiprazole, one of two atypical neuroleptics approved to treat irritability in pediatric autism. We plan to continue enrollment until our IRB-approved accrual of 30 is reached, with a focus on ASD + ADHD comorbidity in the remaining participants. ER  - 
FDG PET/MRI PATTERNS IN PATIENTS WITH NMDA RECEPTOR ENCEPHALITIS$$$ Objective: To describe the patterns of altered brain metabolism through fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG)-PET/MRI study in patients with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed clinical data and brain FDG-PET/ MRI scans in patients with definite anti-NMDAR encephalitis treated at a single academic medical center over a 5-year period. Three different patterns of tracer distribution were described: 1) pattern 1 with prominent limbic hypermetabolism; 2) pattern 2 with prominent occipital-parietal hypometabolism; 3) pattern 3 with diffuse hypometabolism or mixed hypo/hypermetabolism or diffuse. Results: 10 patients with NMDAr encephalitis and with FDG PET/MRI scan were identified in this time-period. In two patients' movement artefacts interfered with appropriate evaluation and therefore data from 8 patients were recorded. Mean age was 21.5 years (8-40), 5 were females. 6/8 patients presented with epileptic seizures of different semeiology and localization (tonicclonic seizures, focal temporal seizures, visual seizures); 3/8 with psychiatric symptoms (psychosis, catatonia); one patient presentedwith altered consciousness. Mean time from symptoms onset to PET-MRI investigation was 7,12±15 months. 7/8 patients received immune therapy before PET/MRI, but all patients were still symptomatic at the time of PET study. 5/8 patients had hypometabolism of the parietal- occipital regions (pattern 2) (mean age 22.2 ±13 years), 2 patients had pattern 1 (mean age 17.5±0.5 years). 1 patient presented with pattern 3 distribution (age 8 years). Type of pattern was not associated with time of PET scan respect to disease onset neither with treatment. Follow-up studies were performed in 50% of patients. In 2 patients the occipital hypometabolism disappeared after one month of efficient immune treatment, while in one of these 2 patients a third FDG-PET during a relapse revealed a recurrence of the occipital hypometabolism. Conclusions: Occipital hypometabolism is a frequent FDG-PET finding in NMDAr encephalitis and is associated with disease activity. Pediatric patients may have a more heterogeneous pattern of altered metabolism. ER  - 
DETERMINANTS OF MEDICATION ADHERENCE IN PEOPLE WITH EPILEPSY: A MULTICENTRIC, CROSS-SECTIONAL SURVEY$$$ Objectives: Non-adherence to treatment in people with epilepsy (PwE) is cause of increased mortality, hospitalization and reduced quality of life and represents a challenge for clinicians.We realized an extensive survey to define clinical, demographic and neuropsychological factors that could influence medication adherence in PwE evaluated throughout the Morisky Medication Adherence Scale (MMAS-8). Materials and Methods: We performed a multicentric and cross-sectional study where a population of 200 PwE answered online questionnaires containing the following clinical scales: MMAS-8, Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QoLIE), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II), Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD) and Resilience. We used ANOVA test and Spearman's correlation to evaluate the relationship between medication adherence and demographic, clinical (seizure frequency, number of Anti-Seizure Medications) and neuropsychological characteristics. We trained separate machine learning models (logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine) to classify patients with medium-high adherence (MMAS≥6) and poor adherence (MMAS<6) and identify the principal variables that influence medication adherence. Results: We found that women were more adherent to therapy than men (pvalue = 0.03577). MMAS-8 showed direct correlation with Resilience (pvalue= 0.001), age (p-value=0.001), inverse correlation with BDI (p-value= 0.001) and GAD (p-value=0.001). We also evidenced that the most influential variables in our model were subitems of QoLIE-31 and individual characteristics as age, resilience, GAD, years of school, disease duration. Discussion and Conclusion: Our study confirms that gender and age are main determinants of medication adherence in PwE. Furthermore, we provided initial evidence that machine learning on multidimensional self-report questionnaires could help to develop decisional support system in outpatient epilepsy clinics. ER  - 
Understanding Correlation of Electroclinical Findings With Functional and Neuropsychiatric Outcomes in Patients with LGI1-Encephalitis$$$ Objective To evaluate the interplay between seizures, quality of life (QoL), and neuropsychiatric outcomes in patients with leucine-rich gliomainactived 1 antibody encephalitis (LGI1-Ab-E). Background Patients with LGI1-Ab-E experience varied seizure semiologies, but their potential differing impact on long-term outcomes remains underexplored. Design/Methods We conducted a single-center retrospective cohort study of patients with antibody-confirmed LGI1-Ab-E with seizures. Patients were categorized as having faciobrachial dystonic seizures (FBDS) or nonfaciobrachial dystonic seizures (non-FBDS). Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), Neuro-QoL, Patient Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS), and modified Rankin Scale (mRS) were abstracted. Outcomes were compared using twotailed independent sample t-tests for continuous variables and chisquare and Fisher's exact test for categorical variables. Change over time was evaluated using Wilcoxon signed-rank test. Results 21 patients (33% female, median 65 years) were included, 10 (47.6%) with FBDS and 11 (53.4%) with non-FBDS. Levetiracetam (66%), lacosamide (42.9%), and valproate (19.0%) were the most common anti-seizure medications; 19 (90.5%) underwent immunotherapy. In patients with at least one year of follow-up, all patients with FBDS (n = 7) and 75% with non-FBDS (n = 6) achieved seizure freedom (p = 0.48). From 8 months to 30 months post-diagnosis, PHQ-9 improved in the FBDS cohort (median 6, IQR 5.5-9.5 to median 2.5, IQR 2.0-4.5, p = 0.06), but remained stable in the non-FBDS cohort (median 5.5, IQR 2.3-9.3 to median 5, IQR 3.0 to 8.0, p = 0.75). Both groups had similar mRS baselines (median mRS 1 for both, p = 0.91) and experienced similar significant mRS worsening at median 23 months postsymptoms onset (median increase 1, p < 0.001 over time). Neuro-QoL and PROMIS scores were similar between groups (for all, p > .05). Conclusions Patients with LGI1-Ab-E who experience exclusively non-FBDS may be at higher risk of sustained depressive symptoms than those with FBDS. Regardless of seizure type, patients with LGI1-Ab-E are at risk for significantly worsening disability despite treatment and seizure freedom. ER  - 
Pachymeningitis in Biopsy-Proven Sarcoidosis: Clinical Course, Radiographic Findings, Response to Treatment, and Long-term Outcomes$$$ Background and Objectives: Meningeal inflammation is one of the most common manifestations of neurosarcoidosis, occurring in 16%-69% of affected patients. While the clinical and radiographic features of leptomeningitis in neurosarcoidosis are well known, those of pachymeningitis are far less clear. Our primary aim was to study the clinicoradiographic features of pachymeningeal involvement in neurosarcoidosis and its evolution over time in response to treatment. Methods Patients with a diagnosis of neurosarcoidosis seen at Emory University (January 2011-August 2021) were included if pachymeningeal involvement was evident by MRI and the patient's sarcoidosis was pathologically confirmed (from a CNS or non-CNS site). Results Twenty-six of 215 (12.1%) patients with neurosarcoidosis qualified for inclusion. Pathologic confirmation came from CNS tissue in 50%. The median age of onset was 43.5 years; most were male (16/26, 61.5%). Symptoms were primarily related to pachymeningitis in 20/26 (76.9%). Headache (19/26, 73.1%), visual dysfunction (12/26, 46.2%), and seizures (7/26, 26.9%) were the most common symptoms. All patients had cranial pachymeningitis; only a single patient undergoing spinal imaging (1/11, 9.1%) had spinal pachymeningitis. The falx cerebri (16/26, 61.5%) was the most commonly affected dural structure, but the anterior and middle cranial fossae and tentorium cerebelli were frequently involved (12/26 each, 46.2%). The pachymeningeal lesions were unifocal (11/26, 42.3%) or multifocal (15/26, 57.7%) in distribution, nodular morphologically (23/25, 92.0%), and homogeneously enhancing (24/25, 96.0%). Symptomatic improvement occurred with steroids initially in 22/25 (88.0%). Ultimately, 23/26 (88.5%) required initiation of steroid-sparing immunosuppressants, including 8/26 (30.8%) eventually undergoing TNF inhibition. Pachymeningeal relapses occurred in 7/26 (26.9%). The median clinical follow-up was 48 months. The median modified Rankin scale score at last follow-up improved to 1.0 from 2.0 at presentation. Discussion : Pachymeningitis due to sarcoidosis often presents with headaches, visual dysfunction, and seizures; it usually affects the dura of the falx cerebri, anterior and middle cranial fossae, and tentorium cerebelli and tends to require steroid-sparing immunosuppressants. It has the potential to relapse, but the prospect for recovery is good. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations and their attribution to systemic lupus erythematosus: a retrospective single-center study in a Polish population$$$ INTRODUCTION Neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations occur in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and it is challenging to distinguish these manifestations from other neuropsychiatric conditions. OBJECTIVES We aimed to assess the prevalence of primary neuropsychiatric SLE (NPSLE) in a Polish cohort of SLE patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS This retrospective, cross-sectional study evaluated 164 patients with SLE. NP manifestations were attributed to SLE using the Italian model. Demographic and clinical data, including disease activity (measured by the Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index version 2000 [SLEDAI-2K] and the Physician Global Assessment) and organ damage (measured by the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics/American College of Rheumatology Damage Index), were obtained in patients with and without NP manifestations attributed to SLE. RESULTS The final analysis set included 143 patients, 34 of whom (23.8%) had NP manifestations attributed to SLE. The age of the patients with NPSLE and the age of disease onset were significantly lower in comparison with those without NP symptoms attributed to SLE (median [interquartile range], 38 [29-45] vs 45 [32-55] years; P = 0.009, and 35 [24-38] vs 40 [25-48] years; P = 0.03, respectively). The disease activity and proportion of patients with active disease (SLEDAI-2K ≥6) was significantly higher in the NPSLE patients than in those without NP symptoms attributed to SLE (P <0.005; 100% vs 85.3%; P = 0.01, respectively). NP manifestations in the central nervous system were the most frequent (91.5%). In the patients with NPSLE, cerebrovascular disease, seizures, cognitive dysfunction, psychosis, and cranial neuropathy occurred most often. CONCLUSIONS NP manifestations occurred mainly in young patients with high disease activity. Cere- brovascular disease, seizures, psychosis, cognitive dysfunction, and cranial neuropathy were the most frequent manifestations of NPSLE. ER  - 
Attachment style of patients diagnosed with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures at a tertiary Epilepsy Center in the Czech Republic$$$ Objective: Quality and type of early relationships with primary caregivers is considered one of the key factors in the etiopathogenesis of many mental disorders including depression, anxiety, and conversion disorders. This study focused on the type and quality of attachment style in adult patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Materials and methods: We evaluated the demographic data and profiles of PNES patients (n = 262) and group of healthy volunteers (n = 51) measured by the Parental Bonding Inventory (PBI) and Experiences in Close Relationships (ECR) and Experiences in Close Relationships–Relationship Structure (ECR-RS). Results: Significant differences in measured values between the two groups were identified; specifically, differences in the caregiver style–father and mother overprotection (PBI) was higher in the PNES group. The most frequent type of attachment in PNES was type 2 (preoccupied). Correlations between the PBI and ECR results were also found. Conclusion: This study highlighted certain attachment styles in patients with PNES and statistically significant differences between patients with PNES and a healthy sample. Some correlations between the results of the questionnaires with socio-demographic factors were found. The identification of specific patterns in attachment may be useful for further use in reaching a differential diagnosis and administering tailored psychotherapy of patients with PNES. ER  - 
Capecitabine related neurotoxicity: Clinical and radiologic features$$$ Aim: To study the clinical and radiologic features of patients with capecitabine neurotoxicity. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis and systematic review on the clinical and radiologic characteristics of all patients with capecitabine neurotoxicity reported in literature between 2003 and 2020. Results: 24 cases including our patient were retrospectively analysed, with their clinical and radiologic features summarized. Their median age was 59 years old (ranges from 31 to 82 years old). Encephalopathy was the predominant clinical symptom affecting more than half (15/24, 63%) of the patients. This was followed by cerebellar ataxia (10/24, 42%). Amongst the patients who had magnetic resonance imaging(MRI) brain imaging performed, majority of them (18/23, 78%) had acute radiologic abnormalities. Leukoencephalopathy was the commonest radiologic abnormality seen in more than half of the patients (15/23,65%). Despite the preponderance of female patients in our study, there were no significant statistical differences in the clinical and radiologic features. Short term prognosis was excellent with complete resolution of neurologic symptoms observed in nearly all of the patients (22/23, 96%). Conclusion: Capecitabine-related neurotoxicity is an uncommon cause of toxic encephalopathy, with a predilection for females. Clinical features are non-specific, with encephalopathy being the commonest. Prognosis remains good with timely recognition, and cessation of capecitabine. Future research looking into other pathogenic pharmacogenetic processes should be conducted for further elucidation of these associations. ER  - 
One-year recurrence of stroke and death in Lebanese survivors of first-ever stroke: Time-to-Event analysis$$$ Background: To date, despite the application of secondary prevention worldwide, first-ever stroke survivors remain at imminent risk of stroke recurrence and death in the short and long term. The present study aimed to assess the cumulative risk rates and identify baseline differences and stroke characteristics of Lebanese survivors. Methods: A prospective longitudinal study was conducted among survivors ≥18 years old who were followed-up for 15 months through a face-to-face interview. Kaplan–Meier method was used to calculate the cumulative rates of stroke mortality and recurrence. Cox-regression univariate and multivariable analyses were performed to identify the predictors of both outcomes. Results: Among 150 subjects (mean age 74 ± 12 years; 58.7% men vs. 44.3% women; 95.3% with ischemic stroke vs. 4.3% with intracerebral hemorrhage), high cumulative risk rates of stroke recurrence (25%) and death (21%) were highlighted, especially in the acute phase. Survival rates were lesser in patients with stroke recurrence compared to those without recurrence (Log rank test p < 0.001). Older age was the main predictor for both outcomes (p < 0.02). Large artery atherosclerosis was predominant in patients with stroke recurrence and death compared to small vessel occlusion (p < 0.02). Higher mental component summary scores of quality of life were inversely associated with stroke recurrence (p < 0.01). Lebanese survivors exhibited the highest percentages of depression and anxiety; elevated Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) scores were seen in those with stroke recurrence and those who died (≥80% with mean HADS scores ≥8). Lower Mini-Mental State Examination scores at the acute phase increased the risk of both outcomes by 10% (p < 0.03). Three out of 13 mortalities (23.1%) were presented with early epileptic seizures (p = 0.012). High educational level was the protective factor against stroke recurrence (p = 0.019). Administration of intravenous thrombolysis decreased the risk of both outcomes by 10% (p > 0.05). Conclusion: Higher rates of stroke recurrence and death were observed in the first year following a stroke in Lebanon. Various factors were identified as significant determinants. Thus, health care providers and officials in Lebanon can use these findings to implement effective preventive strategies to best address the management of these factors to reduce the stroke burden and improve the short and long-term prognosis of stroke survivors. ER  - 
Rates of Event Capture of Ambulatory Video EEG$$$ Objectives: Recording electrographic and behavioral information during epileptic and other paroxysmal events is important during video EEG monitoring. This study was undertaken to measure the event capture rate of an ambulatory service operating across Australia using a shoulder-worn EEG device and telescopic pole-mounted camera. Methods: Neurologist reports were accessed retrospectively. Studies with confirmed events were identified and assessed for event capture by recording modality, whether events were reported or discovered, and wakefulness. Results: 6,265 studies were identified, of which 2,788 (44.50%) had events. A total of 15,691 events were captured, of which 77.89% were reported. The EEG-ECG amplifier was active for 99.83% of events. The patient was in view of the camera for 94.90% of events. 84.89% of studies had all events on camera, and 2.65% had zero events on camera (mean=93.66%, median=100.00%). 84.42% of events from wakefulness were reported, compared to 54.27% from sleep. Conclusion: Event capture was similar to previously reported rates from ambulatory studies, with higher capture rates on video. Most patients have all events captured on camera. Significance: Ambulatory monitoring is capable of high rates of event capture, and the use of wide-angle cameras allows for all events to be captured in the majority of studies. ER  - 
Hospital admission and vaccination as predictive factors of long COVID-19 symptoms$$$ Background: Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, a great variability of symptoms that affect all organs and systems of the body has been identified in patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection; this symptomatology can sometimes persist over time, giving rise to the so-called long COVID or post-COVID. The aim of this study is to delve into the clinical characterization of these patients, as well as to take into account the influence of factors such as hospitalization, admission to ICU, history of pneumonia, or vaccination status on the persistence of symptoms. Material and methods: An observational, descriptive, multicenter, and retrospective study was designed with a series of cases of people who presented long COVID, which includes univariate, bivariate, and multivariate analyses. Data were obtained from an online ad hoc questionnaire, and statistical analysis was performed using SPSS Software Version 25 (IBM-Inc., Chicago, IL, USA). Results: Hospitalization, ICU admission, history of pneumonia, and vaccination were predictive factors (positive or negative) for the following long-COVID symptoms: headache, menstrual disorders, joint pain, cough, chills, nasal congestion, back pain, abdominal pain, weight loss, eye discomfort, facial erythema, itching, tremors, dizziness, seizures, sleeping difficulty, dry eyes, palpitations, fatigue, paresthesia, dyspnea, aphonia, chest pain, high blood pressure, vomiting, memory loss, brain fog, hypothermia, low blood pressure, sputum or phlegm, lack of concentration, hair loss, and erectile dysfunction. Conclusion: This study provides evidence on the clinical characterization of patients suffering from long COVID in order to offer them the most appropriate treatments. ER  - 
Perceived stigma, discrimination and psychological problems among patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: The current study sought to investigate the effects of perceived stigma and discrimination on epilepsy patients' psychological problems, such as depression, anxiety, and quality of life. Study design: A purposive sampling technique was used in this cross-sectional study. Materials and methods: The sample consisted of 186 patients with epilepsy. The Stigma Scale, Depression Anxiety Stress Scale, and Quality of life in Epilepsy-10 were used to measure the study variables. Results: Findings showed that both the perception of stigma and discrimination have a significant positive correlation with depression as well as anxiety. Stigma is a significant positive predictor of depression and anxiety at [F (1, 184) = 27.8, 15.92, p < 0.001, 0.001, respectively] and explains 12.7 and 7.5% variance that could be attributed to Stigma. Stigma is also a significant predictor of quality of life at [F (1, 184) = 16.10, p < 0.001] and explains the 7.5% variance that could be attributed to Stigma. Results also indicate that discrimination is a significant positive predictor of depression and anxiety at [F (1, 184) = 32.39, 19.91, p < 0.001] and explains 15 and 9.8 % variance, respectively, that could be attributed to Stigma. However, stigma negatively predicts quality of life at [F (1, 184) = 20.34, p < 0.001] and explains 10 % variance. Non-significant differences were found in all the demographic variables (i.e., gender, socio-economic status, and disease duration), except the quality of life was significantly high among individuals with high Socio-economic status. Conclusions: Stigma is significantly higher in epileptic patients and has a detrimental effect on the patient's quality of life, recovery, and prognosis. Thus, there is undoubtedly a need to address psychological issues, most notably the stigma associated with illnesses. Psychologists, psychiatrists, other physicians, and care givers of epileptic patients must pay close attention to the stigma in this patient population. ER  - 
Cerebrospinal fluid neurofilament light chain differentiates primary psychiatric disorders from rapidly progressive, Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal disorders in clinical settings$$$ Introduction: Many patients with cognitive and neuropsychiatric symptoms face diagnostic delay and misdiagnosis. We investigated whether cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) neurofilament light (NfL) and total-tau (t-tau) could assist in the clinical scenario of differentiating neurodegenerative (ND) from psychiatric disorders (PSY), and rapidly progressive disorders. Methods: Biomarkers were examined in patients from specialist services (ND and PSY) and a national Creutzfeldt-Jakob registry (Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease [CJD] and rapidly progressive dementias/atypically rapid variants of common ND, RapidND). Results: A total of 498 participants were included: 197 ND, 67 PSY, 161 CJD, 48 RapidND, and 20 controls. NfL was elevated in ND compared to PSY and controls, with highest levels in CJD and RapidND. NfL distinguished ND from PSY with 95%/78% positive/negative predictive value, 92%/87% sensitivity/specificity, 91% accuracy. NfL outperformed t-tau in most real-life clinical diagnostic dilemma scenarios, except distinguishing CJD from RapidND. Discussion: We demonstrated strong generalizable evidence for the diagnostic utility of CSF NfL in differentiating ND from psychiatric disorders, with high accuracy. ER  - 
Factors associated with severe or fatal clinical manifestations of SARS-CoV-2 infection after receiving the third dose of vaccine$$$ Background: Little is known about vulnerability to severe COVID-19 illness after vaccination completion with three doses of vaccine against COVID-19. Objectives: To identify individual features associated with increased risk of severe clinical manifestation of SARS-CoV-2 infections after receiving the third dose of vaccine against COVID-19. Methods: We performed a nested case-control study based on 3,360,116 citizens from Lombardy, Italy, aged 12 years or older who received the third dose of vaccine against COVID-19 from 20 September through 31 December 2021. Individuals were followed from 14 days after vaccination completion until the occurrence of severe COVID-19 illness, death unrelated to COVID-19, emigration or 15 March 2022. For each case, controls were randomly selected to be 1:10 matched for the date of vaccination completion and municipality of residence. The association between candidate predictors and outcome was assessed through multivariable conditional logistic regression models. Results: During 12,538,330 person-months of follow-up, 5171 cases of severe illness occurred. As age increased, a trend towards increasing odds of severe illness was observed. Male gender was a significant risk factor. As the number of contacts with the Regional Health Service increased, a trend towards increasing odds of severe illness was observed. Having had a previous SARS-CoV-2 infection was a significant protective factor. Having received the Moderna vaccine significantly decreased the odds of severe illness. Significant higher odds were associated with 42 diseases/conditions. Odds ratios ranged from 1.23 (diseases of the musculoskeletal system) to 5.00 (autoimmune disease). Conclusions: This study provides useful insights for establishing priority in fourth-dose vaccination programs. ER  - 
Tobacco/nicotine use among individuals using cannabis for therapeutic purposes$$$ Background and Objectives: While the relationship between recreational cannabis and nicotine use is well established, little is known about nicotine use among users of cannabis for therapeutic purposes (CTP). Methods: Patients attending a medical marijuana dispensary (N = 697; 75.3% White; 60.0% male) completed a survey examining nicotine use, motivation to quit cigarette smoking, routes of administration of nicotine and cannabis, and CTP qualifying conditions. Results: More than one-third (39.3%) of participants reported current nicotine use. Compared to exclusive cigarette smokers, e-cigarette users and non-users of nicotine were approximately four times more likely to vape, rather than to smoke, cannabis. Furthermore, 46.8% of cigarette smokers reported plans to quit smoking in the next 6 months (but not in the next month) and an additional 31.6% planned to quit in the next month. Having a psychiatric condition was associated with nicotine use and higher motivation to quit smoking. Discussion and Conclusions: Users of CTP are more likely to use nicotine products than the general population and the route of administration of nicotine products is related to the route of administration of CTP. If aerosolized CTP is a less harmful route of administration than smoked CTP, dispensary staff should be aware of this relationship and take this into account when recommending a noncombustible route. Scientific Significance: This study further characterizes nicotine use behaviors and motivation to quit smoking among users of CTP and may be among the first to examine nicotine use among patients of a medical marijuana dispensary. ER  - 
Who Is at Higher Risk of SARS-CoV-2 Reinfection? Results from a Northern Region of Italy$$$ The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic continues to spread worldwide, generating a high impact on healthcare systems. The aim of the study was to examine the epidemiological burden of SARS-CoV-2 reinfections and to identify potential related risk factors. A retrospective observational study was conducted in Liguria Region, combining data from National Vaccines Registry and Regional Chronic Condition Data Warehouse. In the study period (September 2021 to May 2022), 335,117 cases of SARS-CoV-2 infection were recorded in Liguria, of which 15,715 were reinfected once. During the Omicron phase (which predominated from 3 January 2022), the risk of reinfection was 4.89 times higher (p < 0.001) than during the Delta phase. Unvaccinated and vaccinated individuals with at least one dose for more than 120 days were at increased risk of reinfection compared with vaccinated individuals with at least one dose for ≤120 days, respectively (odds ratio (OR) of 1.26, p < 0.001; OR of 1.18, p < 0.001). Healthcare workers were more than twice as likely to be reinfected than non-healthcare workers (OR of 2.38, p < 0.001). Lower ORs were seen among people aged 60 to 79 years. Two doses or more of vaccination were found to be protective against the risk of reinfection rather than a single dose (mRNA vaccines: OR of 0.06, p < 0.0001, and OR of 0.1, p < 0.0001; vector vaccines: OR of 0.05, p < 0.0001). Patients with chronic renal failure, cardiovascular disease, bronchopneumopathy, neuropathy and autoimmune diseases were at increased risk of reinfection (OR of 1.38, p = 0.0003; OR of 1.09, p < 0.0296; OR of 1.14, p = 0.0056; OR of 1.78, p < 0.0001; OR of 1.18, p = 0.0205). Estimating the epidemiological burden of SARS-CoV-2 reinfections and the role played by risk factors in reinfections is relevant for identifying risk-based preventive strategies in a pandemic context characterized by a high circulation of the virus and a high rate of pathogen mutations. ER  - 
Trends in antihypertensive prescription for pregnant women with hypertension and their peripartum outcomes before and after label and guideline revisions in Japan$$$ We investigated the trends in the proportion of antihypertensive prescriptions listed in the guidelines for pregnant patients and their pregnancy outcomes before and after regulatory actions in Japan. This retrospective cohort study used the Japan Medical Data Center claims data from January 2005 to April 2020. We identified women who had delivered and had hypertensive disorders before childbirth. To evaluate the influence of regulatory actions (label revision in 2011 and guideline updates in 2014), we divided the study period into three terms based on the year of the last menstrual period. We assessed the time trend of the prescription proportion of antihypertensives and conducted multivariable logistic regression analyses to assess the impact of the investigation terms on pregnancy outcomes (preterm birth, cesarean section, emergency cesarean section, and Hemolysis, Elevated Liver enzymes, and Low Platelets syndrome). Among the 13,797 eligible patients, 1739 (12.6%) were treated with oral antihypertensives during pregnancy. Before the policy revisions, the most frequently prescribed antihypertensive medication was methyldopa, but after the label and guideline revisions, nifedipine was the most frequently prescribed. The trend in the prescription proportion of nifedipine increased (P < 0.001) and that of hydralazine decreased (P < 0.001), while those of methyldopa and labetalol showed no significant trend. The adjusted odds ratios for all four pregnancy outcomes showed no significant differences according to the investigation terms. By investigating the three terms before and after the label and guideline revisions, significant changes were identified in the trend of the prescription proportion for pregnant women—an increase in nifedipine and a decrease in hydralazine—but not in pregnancy outcomes. ER  - 
Pediatric Drug Safety Surveillance: A 10-Year Analysis of Adverse Drug Reaction Reporting Data in Calabria, Southern Italy$$$ Introduction: The paucity of pediatric clinical trials has led to many medicines frequently prescribed to children without a license for use in pediatrics, resulting in an increased risk of adverse drug reactions. Pharmacovigilance databases remain, among others, a valuable tool for evaluating pediatric drug safety in the real-life setting. Objective: We aimed to characterize pediatric adverse drug reactions reported in the Italian Pharmacovigilance database coming from the Calabria region (Southern Italy) over 10 years. Methods: All Individual Case Safety Reports (ICSRs) concerning individuals aged under 18 years were extracted from 2010 to 2019. Duplicate and vaccine ICSRs were excluded. The remaining ICSRs were analyzed with respect to patients’ demographic data, suspected drugs, and category of adverse drug reactions across different age groups. Results: Among 6529 selected ICSRs, 395 pediatric ICSRs corresponding to 556 adverse drug reactions were analyzed. From 2010 to 2015, an increasing number of ICSRs were observed, but the reporting rate decreased after 2015. The highest proportion of ICSRs concerned children and adolescents. Around 52% of ICSRs involved boys: a trend observed in all age groups excluding newborns. Sixty ICSRs were serious and among them, 75% required hospitalization mainly in children and adolescents. Most of the ICSRs were issued by physicians (64.1%), followed by other healthcare professionals (22.5%) and pharmacists (9.9%). Anti-infective agents for systemic use and skin disorders were, respectively, the most frequently reported drug group and adverse drug reaction category. Conclusions: This study provides an overview of adverse drug reactions reported in the pediatric population of the Calabria region and emphasizes the need for strengthening the surveillance in specific age subgroups and on given drugs in relation to their pattern of use. ER  - 
Distribution of Emergency Department Encounters and Subsequent Hospital Admissions for Children by Child Opportunity Index$$$ Objective: To evaluate differences in emergency department (ED) utilization and subsequent admission among children by Child Opportunity Index (COI). Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study of pediatric (<18 years) encounters to 194 EDs in Illinois from 2016 to 2020. Each encounter was assigned to quntiles of COI 2.0 by postal code. We described the difference in the percent of encounters between lower (Very Low and Low) and higher (Very High and High) COI overall and among diagnoses with overrepresentation from lower COI groups. We evaluated the association of diagnosis with COI in ordinal models adjusted for demographics. Results: There were 4,653,026 eligible ED encounters classified by COI as Very Low (28.6%), Low (24.8%), Moderate (20.3%), High (15.6%), and Very High (10.8%) (difference between low and high COI encounters 27.0%). Diagnoses with the greatest difference between low and high COI were eye infection, upper respiratory tract infections, and cough. The COI distribution for children admitted from the ED (n = 140,298) was 29.1% Very Low, 19.3% Low, 18.2% Moderate, 17.7% High, and 15.7% Very High (percent difference 15.1%). Diagnoses with the greatest differences between low and high COI among admitted patients were sickle cell crisis, asthma, and influenza. All ED diagnoses and 7/12 admission diagnoses were associated with lower COI in multivariable ordinal models. Conclusions: Children from lower COI areas are overrepresented in ED and inpatient encounters overall and within certain diagnosis groups. Further research is required to examine how health outcomes may be influenced by the structural and contextual characteristics of a child's neighborhood. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations are associated with increased mortality in Indian patients with lupus: A single centre retrospective observational study$$$ Objective: To study the prevalence of different NPSLE manifestations in our cohort and to compare clinical and immunological features and outcomes including mortality of patients with NPSLE and SLE controls without NP involvement. Methods: This was a retrospective study in a tertiary care referral centre. All patients of SLE seen in the last 10 years and fulfilling the SLICC criteria with neuropsychiatric manifestations as per the ACR definitions were included. Patients of SLE without NP involvement were sequentially assigned as controls in a ratio of 1:2. Results: Of the 769 patients diagnosed with SLE from Jan 2011 to December 2020, 128 (16.6%) had NPSLE manifestations as per the ACR definitions. The commonest NPSLE manifestation was seizures (6.5%) followed by cerebrovascular accident (3.9%). NPSLE manifestation occurred at the first presentation of SLE in 99/128 (77.3%) patients and 58 (45.3%) patients had more than one NPSLE manifestation. Lupus anticoagulant and anticardiolipin antibody were tested in 120 patients and were positive in 16 (13.3%) and 12 (10%), respectively. No difference was found in anti-ribosomal p, lupus anticoagulant and anticardiolipin antibodies between the cases and controls. Twenty-one (16.4%) deaths occurred in patients with NPSLE (median follow-up of 40 months) as compared to 13 (5%) in controls (median follow-up of 32 months) (p = <0.001). The cumulative survival of patients with NPSLE was lower as compared to controls (p < 0.001). Relapse of NPSLE was seen in 11(8.6%) patients and was associated with mortality (p = 0.017). Conclusions: Seizures and cerebrovascular accidents are the commonest NPSLE syndromes in our patients. The presence of NPSLE was associated with high mortality in Indian patients with lupus. ER  - 
Increased Risk of Tourette Syndrome with Leukotriene Modifier Use in Children with Allergic Diseases and Asthma: A Nationwide Population-Based Study$$$ (1) Background: Cysteinyl leukotriene receptor antagonists (LTRAs), including montelukast and zafirlukast, are FDA-approved for treating pediatric asthma and allergic diseases. Tourette syndrome (TS), a common neuropsychiatric disorder in children, is associated with allergic diseases and asthma. In this study, we investigated the risk of TS following an LTRA prescription for pediatric allergic diseases. (2) Methods: Children younger than 18 years of age who were newly diagnosed with asthma, allergic rhinitis, or atopic dermatitis between 1 January 2005 and 31 December 2018 and who were registered in the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database, which comprises the medical records of nearly 23 million Taiwanese population, were enrolled. LTRA users were matched with randomly selected LTRA non-users by sex, age, asthma-diagnosis year, and urbanization level. In total, 26,984 participants with allergic disease and TS were enrolled and included in the Cox proportional hazards model analysis. (3) Results: Children with allergic disease and asthma treated with LTRAs had a higher risk for TS than LTRA non-users (adjusted hazard ratio 1.376 [95% CI: 1.232–1.536], p < 0.001). LTRA users had a significantly higher risk for TS than LTRA non-users with allergic disease. The cumulative incidence of TS was significantly higher in LTRA users than in non-users with allergic diseases and asthma (log-rank test, p < 0.0001). (4) Conclusion: A prescription of LTRAs, mainly montelukast, increased the risk of TS among children with asthma, allergic rhinitis, or atopic dermatitis. The mechanism underlying the neuropsychiatric effect of LTRAs needs further investigation. ER  - 
Immune Cell Density Evaluation Improves the Prognostic Values of Staging and p16 in Oropharyngeal Cancer$$$ The incidence of oropharyngeal cancers (OPSCCs) has continued to rise over the years, mainly due to human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. Although they were newly reclassified in the last TNM staging system, some groups still relapse and have poor prognoses. Based on their implication in oncogenesis, we investigated the density of cytotoxic and regulatory T cells, macrophages, and Langerhans cells in relation to p16 status, staging and survival of patients. Biopsies from 194 OPSCCs were analyzed for HPV by RT-qPCR and for p16 by immunohistochemistry, while CD8, FoxP3, CD68 and CD1a immunolabeling was performed in stromal (ST) and intratumoral (IT) compartments to establish optimal cutoff values for overall survival (OS). High levels of FoxP3 IT and CD1a ST positively correlated with OS and were observed in p16-positive and low-stage patients, respectively. Then, their associations with p16 and TNM were more efficient than the clinical parameters alone in describing patient survival. Using multivariate analyses, we demonstrated that the respective combination of FoxP3 or CD1a with p16 status or staging was an independent prognostic marker improving the outcome of OPSCC patients. These two combinations are significant prognostic signatures that may eventually be included in the staging stratification system to develop personalized treatment approaches. ER  - 
Effects of Sitting Callisthenic Balance and Resistance Exercise Programs on Cognitive Function in Older Participants$$$ Background: Exercise training programs have the potential to improve cognitive function in older subjects. However, the majority of training programs are based on aerobic modality. In the current study, the influence of 3 months programs of sitting callisthenic balance (SCB) and resistance training (RT) on cognitive functioning and the mediating role that a change in the level of neurotrophic factors and strength in older, healthy participants plays were examined. Material and methods: Global cognitive function was examined using MoCA, short-term memory using Digit Span and Delayed Matching to Sample, set shifting using Trial Making Test Part B, speed of processing simple visual stimuli using Simple Reaction Time, decision making using Choice Reaction Time, visual attention with Visual Attention Test (VAT), tests. Strength of lower and upper limbs, neurotrophin level (irisin, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), neurotrophin 3 (NT-3), neurotrophin 4/5 (NT 4/5) were examined. Results: Improved scores in RT vs. SCB were noted in MoCA (p = 0.02), reaction time in SRT (p = 0.02), TMT B (p = 0.03), errors committed in CRT (p = 0.04) and VAT (p = 0.02) were observed. No significant changes in the level of neurotrophic factors were observed. Changes in upper limb strength were related to changes in the number of errors committed in the SRT (p = 0.03). Lower limb strength changes explained the dynamics of the number of correct answers (p = 0.002) and errors committed (p = 0.006) in VAT. Conclusions: Both SCB and RT influenced multiple cognitive domains. The RT program improved global cognitive functioning, while no improvement was noticed in the SCB group. Decision making, visual attention and global cognitive function were improved after the RT program. Set-shifting, short-term visual memory processing speed of simple visual stimuli were improved after the SCB program, while a decrease in the processing speed of simple visual stimuli was noted in the RT group. Changes in irisin were related to set-shifting and short-term memory, while in BDNF to an improvement in the processing speed of simple visual stimuli. Resistance exercise training programs could be applied to prevent age related declines of cognitive function in healthy older subjects. ER  - 
Bidirectionality of antiseizure and antipsychotic treatment: A population-based study$$$ Purpose: To study the prevalence and directionality of comorbid epilepsy and psychosis in Norway. Methods: The Norwegian Prescription Database (NorPD) provided individual-based information on all antiseizure medications (ASMs) and antipsychotic drugs (APDs) dispensed during 2004–2017. Subjects were ≥18 years of age at the end of the study period. Diagnosis-specific reimbursement codes from the 10th revision of the International Classification of Diseases/2nd edition of the International Classification of Primary Care (ICD-10/ICPC-2) combined with ATC codes were used as indicators of diagnosis. Subjects had collected ASMs for epilepsy or APDs for psychosis at least four times, at least once issued with an ICD-10 code from the specialist healthcare service. Directionality was analyzed in subjects receiving both treatments. To reduce prevalent comorbidity bias, we employed a four-year comorbidity-free period (2004–2007). The use of specific ASMs and APDs was analyzed. Results: A total of 31,289 subjects had collected an ASM for epilepsy at least four times, 28,889 an APD for psychosis. Both the prevalence of treatment for epilepsy and of treatment for psychosis was 0.8%. Further, 891 subjects had been treated for both conditions; 2.8% with epilepsy had been treated for psychosis, and 3.1% with psychosis had been treated for epilepsy. Among 558 subjects included in the analyses of directionality, 56% had collected the first APD before an ASM, whereas 41% had collected an ASM first. During the last year prior to comorbidity onset, levetiracetam, topiramate, or zonisamide had been used for epilepsy by approximately 40%, whereas olanzapine and quetiapine were most used in patients with psychosis, and clozapine in 13%. Conclusion: The proportion of patients with prior antipsychotic treatment at onset of epilepsy is higher than previously acknowledged, as demonstrated in this nation-wide study. Apart from a shared neurobiological susceptibility, the bidirectionality of epilepsy and psychosis may be influenced by various environmental factors, including the interaction of pharmacodynamic effects. APDs may facilitate seizures; ASMs may induce psychiatric symptoms. In patients with combined treatment, these potential drug effects should receive ample attention, along with the psychosocial consequences of the disorders. A prudent multi-professional approach is required. ER  - 
A Cross-Sectional, Correlational Study Comparing Individual Characteristics of Younger and Older Nursing Home Residents using Western Canadian Resident Assessment Instrument–Minimum Data Set (RAI-MDS) 2.0$$$ Objective: To compare characteristics of nursing home (NH) residents by age categories in Western Canada. Design: A cross-sectional, correlational analysis of secondary data. Setting and Participants: 89,231 residents living in Western Canada NHs in the provinces of Alberta, Manitoba, and British Columbia in 2016 and 2017. Methods: Resident characteristics (age, sex, marital status, body mass index, medical diagnoses, cognitive function, physical function, depressive symptoms) came from the Resident Assessment Instrument–Minimum Data Set 2.0 and were analyzed using chi-square, analysis of variance, and post hoc pairwise tests. Human developmental stage age categories were used to create 5 age groups: 18-34, 35-50, 51-64, 65-80, and 81 years and older. Results: The demographics, medical diagnoses, cognitive function, and physical function characteristics of NH residents among 5 age groups differed considerably (all P <.001). Residents aged 18-34 years were predominately male, never married, with a higher incidence of paralysis and traumatic brain injury. Residents aged 35-50 years had a higher incidence of stroke and multiple sclerosis, and residents aged 51-64 years mainly were morbidly obese and more prone to depression. Residents aged 65-80 years were predominately married and more prone to diabetes, and residents aged 81 years and older were predominately widowed, with a higher incidence of dementia compared with others. Conclusions and Implications: Findings describe the uniqueness of younger NH age groups and indicate that the youngest NH residents often have the severe disability and a modest support system (as defined by partnered status) compared to older residents in NHs. Future studies must analyze longitudinal data that track the growth of, and changes in, residents’ health and functional status. ER  - 
Effects of psychiatric comorbidities in persons with epilepsy on recurrent emergency department visits$$$ Background: Coexisting mental health disorders in persons with epilepsy present as substantial burdens to patients and healthcare systems. Study design and methods: In this retrospective study, we reviewed 160 patients presenting to a safety net hospital Emergency Department (ED) with seizures to investigate whether differences in clinical workup, follow-ups, and ED visit recurrence existed between epilepsy patients with epilepsy with and without a coexisting psychiatric disorder. Results: Patients with epilepsy with a psychiatric comorbidity had more subsequent ED visits (45 % vs 26 %, p = 0.01) and fewer outpatient follow-up opportunities (74 % vs 87 %, p = 0.042) compared to patients with epilepsy without psychiatric comorbidities, highlighting a healthcare gap that needs to be addressed. Interpretation: Our findings suggest a need for ED providers to shift their clinical practice in favor of offering more outpatient follow-up opportunities, to ensure long-term management of seizures in patients with epilepsy with comorbid psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Psychometric properties of the Lithuanian version of the NDDI-E in persons with epilepsy and suicidal ideation$$$ Background: Suicidality and depression are associated with worse epilepsy outcomes, but their screening in routine clinical practice remains insufficient and may improve with the validation of brief and accessible psychometric tools. We explored the psychometric properties of the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) in the Lithuanian population, which has one of the highest suicide rates globally. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional anonymous survey among adult outpatients visiting a tertiary epilepsy clinic in Vilnius, Lithuania. People with epilepsy (PWE) provided demographic and clinical information and completed the Geriatric depression scale (GDS), the Hospital anxiety and depression scale (HADS), the Beck depression inventory (BDI), the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) and the Generalized anxiety scale-7 (GAD-7). Suicidal ideation was defined as a non-zero score on the suicide item of the BDI and clinically relevant levels of depression – as a total BDI score of >16. Psychometric properties of the NDDI-E were evaluated by measuring its internal consistency, dimensionality, correlation with other depression scales, and by conducting receiver operating characteristic analysis for the detection of suicidal ideation and symptoms of depression. Results: The study sample consisted of 246 PWE (average age 39.9 ± 16.3 years, 101 [41.1%] male), of them 31 (12.6%) and 41 (19.5% of those who completed the BDI) were identified with suicidal ideation or significant symptoms of depression, respectively. On average, PWE scored 10.4 ± 4.2 points on the NDDI-E. The instrument had good internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha = 0.863, n = 235), item–item and item-total correlation (>0.30). In factor analysis, its items comprised a single factor distinct from the GAD-7. The NDDI-E strongly correlated with other depression scales (r = 0.657 [GDS, n = 201], r = 0.657 [BDI, n = 201], r = 0.623 [HADS-D, n = 231], p < 0.001 for all). The NDDI-E had good diagnostic properties in discerning suicidal ideation (AUC = 0.858, 95%CI = 0.791–0.925). The isolated suicide item of the NDDI-E had acceptable properties in detecting suicidal ideation (AUC = 0.821, 95%CI = 0.724–0.918) as well. Conclusion: The Lithuanian NDDI-E was shown to have good psychometric properties comparable to other versions of this scale. The NDDI-E is endorsed as a short and accessible instrument for estimating suicidal ideation among Lithuanian PWE. ER  - 
Psycho-socio-clinical profiles and quality of life in seizure disorders: A cross-sectional registry study$$$ Objective: This prospective study aimed at comparing quality of life (QoL) and psycho-socio-clinical profiles between patients with epilepsy, psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), and syncope. We also intended to identify predictors of QoL in these three seizure disorders. Methods: A total of 245 inpatients (epilepsy n = 182, PNES n = 50, syncope n = 13) from a tertiary epilepsy clinic were included. Information on QoL as well as on psychological, sociodemographic, and clinical profiles was retrieved using questionnaires and medical records. Group comparisons on QoL and psycho-socio-clinical profiles were performed via analyses of variance, chi-square tests, and related post hoc tests. Predictors of QoL in epilepsy and PNES were determined using general linear modeling, which was not possible for syncope due to a small sample size. Results: Patients with epilepsy, PNES, and syncope reported levels of QoL impairment that did not differ significantly between groups (p = 0.266). However, there were significant group differences regarding sex distribution (p < 0.001), seizure disorder duration (p = 0.004), seizure frequency (p = 0.019), current treatment with antiseizure medications (ASM) (p < 0.001), number of current ASM (p < 0.001), and adverse ASM events (p = 0.019). More depressive symptoms (p = 0.001), more adverse ASM events (p = 0.036), and unemployment (p = 0.046) (in this order) independently predicted a diminished QoL in epilepsy. For PNES, more depressive symptoms were the only independent predictor of lower QoL (p = 0.029). Conclusions: Patients with epilepsy, PNES, and syncope experience similarly diminished QoL and show a general psycho-socio-clinical burden with a specific pattern for each seizure disorder diagnosis. Although clinical aspects play an undisputed role for QoL in epilepsy, the psychosocial aspects and consequences are equally, or for PNES probably even more, meaningful. A comprehensive approach to research and treatment of seizure disorders seems mandatory to increase QoL for these patients. More research on QoL in syncope is needed. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation paired with rehabilitation for stroke: Implantation experience from the VNS-REHAB trial$$$ Objective: Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) paired with rehabilitation delivered by the Vivistim® Paired VNS™ System was approved by the FDA in 2021 to improve motor deficits in chronic ischemic stroke survivors with moderate to severe arm and hand impairment. Vagus nerve stimulators have previously been implanted in over 125,000 patients for treatment-resistant epilepsy and the surgical procedure is generally well-tolerated and safe. In this report, we describe the Vivistim implantation procedure, perioperative management, and complications for chronic stroke survivors enrolled in the pivotal trial. Methods: The pivotal, multisite, randomized, triple-blind, sham-controlled trial (VNS-REHAB) enrolled 108 participants. All participants were implanted with the VNS device in an outpatient procedure. Thrombolytic agents were temporarily discontinued during the perioperative period. Participants were discharged within 48 hrs and started rehabilitation therapy approximately 10 days after the Procedure. Results: The rate of surgery-related adverse events was lower than previously reported for VNS implantation for epilepsy and depression. One participant had vocal cord paresis that eventually resolved. There were no serious adverse events related to device stimulation. Over 90% of participants were taking antiplatelet drugs (APD) or anticoagulants and no adverse events or serious adverse events were reported as a result of withholding these medications during the perioperative period. Conclusions: This study is the largest, randomized, controlled trial in which a VNS device was implanted in chronic stroke survivors. Results support the use of the Vivistim System in chronic stroke survivors, with a safety profile similar to VNS implantations for epilepsy and depression. ER  - 
Periodic sharp wave complexes identify a distinctive phenotype in Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease$$$ Objective: The aim of our study was to evaluate the diagnostic and prognostic value of Electroencephalogram (EEG), brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and cerebrospinal fluid features, currently representing Creutzfeldt-Jacob Disease (CJD) diagnostic criteria. Methods: A retrospective study on rapidly progressive dementia patients admitted at the Neurology Clinic of the University of Rome “Tor Vergata” between 2015 and 2020 was conducted. We evaluated clinical, EEG, cerebrospinal fluid and neuroradiological findings. Results: Our analysis included 13 patients with probable CJD and 18 patients with non-CJD rapidly progressive dementia. Periodic sharp wave complexes were observed in 7/13 CJD and in 4/18 non-CJD patients (p =.151). The sub-analysis according to the EEG features revealed that CJD patients with earlier periodic sharp wave complexes had a significantly lower average survival time (p =.003), a shorter time to admission (p =.003) and lower levels of cerebrospinal fluid p-tau (p =.008) compared to CJD patients without periodic sharp wave complexes. Finally, they did not show signs of signal alteration on Fluid Attenuated Inversion Recovery images. Conclusions: Despite the lowest diagnostic specificity and sensibility among the CJD criteria, periodic sharp wave complexes could identify a distinctive phenotype hallmarked by a faster evolution, a reduced survival time and specific MRI and cerebrospinal fluid features. Significance: The early presence of the typical EEG pattern may play a prognostic role in CJD. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in the COVID-19 pandemic era: A systematic review with individual patients' analysis.$$$ Objective: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) resemble epileptic seizures but are not due to underlying epileptic activity and in some cases coexist alongside epilepsy. We described the clinical characteristics of patients with PNES as reported in the literature from the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. We evaluated differences between patients with a diagnosis made immediately before the pandemic (pPNES) and those newly diagnosed during it (nPNES). Methods: A systematic search with individual patient analysis of PNES cases published since the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak was performed. Differences between pPNES and nPNES were analyzed using Chi-square or Fisher exact test. Results: Eleven articles were included, with 133 patients (106 pPNES and 27 nPNES). In the pPNES group, PNES frequency increased during the pandemic in 20/106 patients, whereas in 78/106, the frequency remained stable or decreased. nPNES was associated with higher risks of SARS-CoV-2 infection and epilepsy diagnosis, whereas psychiatric comorbidities were less frequent. Conclusions: During the pandemic, most patients with pPNES remained stable or improved, whereas nPNES was associated with a lower burden of psychiatric comorbidities. These intriguing findings suggest that, at least in some patients, the COVID-19 pandemic may not necessarily lead to worsening in the frequency of PNES and quality of life. ER  - 
Gender differences in risk factors and psychosocial functioning in children with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: Female predominance is evident in childhood-onset psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Understanding gender-specific vulnerability to PNES may provide a unique insight into its cause and management. We aimed to investigate gender differences in demographic characteristics, triggering factors and psychosocial functioning in children and youth with PNES. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed patients who were evaluated in the PNES clinic at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta from July 2019 to March 2020 and completed questionnaires to assess adverse life events, psychosocial function (Pediatric Symptom Checklist-17 [PSC-17]), and somatic symptoms (Children's Somatic Symptom Inventory-8, [CSSI-8]). Results: Forty-nine consecutive patients (38 girls, 11 boys) with a median age of 15.0 (9–19) years were included in the study. We performed univariate analysis and evaluated significant variables related to PNES according to sex. Majority of both genders experienced daily to weekly PNES, came from dysfunctional families, scored high on PSC-17, were treated for neuropsychiatric illnesses, and experienced bothersome somatic symptoms. The variables significantly different between genders were suicidal thoughts, history of trauma, and learning disability. Suicidal thoughts and trauma, particularly sexual abuse, were significantly more prevalent in girls (p = 0.03) whereas learning disability was more common in boys (p = 0.03). Conclusion: Females predominated in our PNES clinic (F:M = 3.5:1). Gender differences in predisposing factors were sexual abuse in females and learning disability in males. Our data highlight the gender-specific risk factors and vulnerability to PNES. The awareness of gender difference may guide more targeted intervention for children and youth with PNES. ER  - 
Sex-related associations between body mass index and the incidence of epilepsy$$$ Background: The aim of this study was to investigate the association between both overweight and underweight and epilepsy in adult individuals using a large German database. Methods: This retrospective cohort study was based on data from the Disease Analyzer database (IQVIA) and included patients with documented body mass index (BMI) values followed up in one of 832 general practices in Germany between January 2006 and December 2019. The association between BMI categories and the 10-year incidence of epilepsy was studied separately for women and men using Cox regression models adjusted for age and comorbidities. Results: This study included 822,071 patients. The proportions of underweight, normal weight, overweight, and obesity were 1.6%, 33.4%, 36.7%, and 28.3% respectively. Underweight was significantly and positively associated with the incidence of epilepsy (HR = 1.67, 95% CI = 1.31–2.11) compared to normal weight. This association was much stronger in men (HR = 2.57, 95% CI = 1.71–3.88) than in women (HR = 1.48, 95% CI = 1.10–1.98). However, underweight was significantly associated with an increased risk of generalized epilepsy only (HR: 4.38; 95% CI: 1.34–14.35), but no significant associations between weight and the incidence of focal epilepsy was observed. Conclusion: In conclusion, a significant and positive association between underweight and generalized and unclassified epilepsy was observed, which was stronger in men than in women. Further studies are needed to confirm these results and find the reasons for this association. ER  - 
Premature discontinuation among individuals with epilepsy participating in epilepsy self-management research interventions$$$ Objective: The Managing Epilepsy Well (MEW) Network conducts epilepsy self-management (ESM) intervention development, testing, and archival clinical trials data analyses in the MEW Network Integrated Database (MEW-DB). However, not all trial participants fully benefit from ESM due to prematurely discontinuing program participation. This analysis sought to identify demographic and clinical predictors of premature discontinuation (PD) of ESM interventions available in the MEW-DB. Methods: Data from prior studies were included if: 1) they were prospective trials testing an ESM intervention, 2) included baseline assessment and at least one post-intervention assessment, and 3) included data on PD. Dependent variables were all-cause PD, categorized as a binary variable (yes/no) and time to PD for the intervals between baseline and follow-up visit 1 (V1; approximately week 12) and visit two (V2; approximately week 24). Multivariable Cox proportional hazard models were used to identify factors affecting PD time-point. Explanatory variables included age, gender, race/ethnicity, education, employment, income, marital status, psychiatric comorbidities, depressive severity, anxiety symptoms, self-efficacy, number of anti-seizure medications (ASMs), health status, seizure frequency, and study design. Results: Six prior MEW-DB studies were included, consisting of 627 people, where 624 were assigned to ESM or to control. PD among randomized individuals was 14.3 % by V1 and 15.7 % by V2. Predictors for V1 PD were treatment (ESM) vs. control arm, more severe depressive symptoms and having schizophrenia. Predictors for V2 PD were younger age, white race, more severe depressive symptoms and having schizophrenia. Significance: While ESM approaches can improve multiple health outcomes among people with epilepsy, nearly one in six individuals prematurely discontinues their program. These findings suggest that ESM interventionists need to be particularly attentive to program retention over the first 3 months after ESM initiation. Younger people with epilepsy, those who self-identify as white, those with schizophrenia, and/or more severe depressive symptoms may need additional support for engagement. ER  - 
Pre-surgical evaluation challenges and long-term outcome in children operated on for Low Grade Epilepsy Associated brain Tumors$$$ Objetive: Analyze pre-surgical evaluation modalities, surgical failures, long-term results of surgery and neurocognitive outcome in children with Low-grade Epilepsy Associated brain Tumors (LEAT). Methods: Retrospective observational study of 37 children who underwent epilepsy surgery, with a minimum follow-up of 12 months. At time of surgery, pharmaco-sensitivity (Group 1; n = 8) and drug-resistance (Group 2; n = 29), were considered. Results: Age range of seizure onset was 5 months–14 years (mean 5.73years) and age at surgery was 2.2–18.7years (mean 10.7years). Gangliogliomas (35.1%) or DNTs (29.7%), combined or not to a focal cortical dysplasia (FCD), were the most frequent. Extended lesionectomy 16 children (43.2%) were the most frequently used surgical approach in both groups. At one year of follow-up, 36 children (97.2%) were classified as Engel I. Within the age-range studied, duration of epilepsy and time to surgery appeared to have no impact on clinical and neurocognitive outcome in both groups. It is noteworthy, however, that antiseizure medications (ASMs) were withdrawn in 100% of the pharmacosensitive group vs 34.5% of the drug-resistant group (p = 0.002). In children with a pharmaco-sensitive epilepsy, neurocognitive evaluation showed significant improvement in the verbal comprehension index (p = 0.029). Conclusions: Epilepsy-surgery is a safe therapeutic option for LEATs including for children with seizures controlled by ASMs. Presence of associated lesions is not rare. Comprehensive pre-surgical evaluation increases the chances for control of the seizures, the early discontinuation of medications and favours neurocognitive development. ER  - 
Delivery timing for the opioid–exposed infant$$$ BACKGROUND: The prevalence of opioid use disorder and medication-assisted treatment in pregnancy is increasing. Compared with term infants, preterm infants have a lower incidence of neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome. It is unknown whether early term delivery compared with full or late-term delivery decreases the risk of neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the neonatal outcomes among opioid–exposed infants born in the early, full, and late-term periods. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of opioid–exposed pregnancies delivering at a single center from 2010 to 2017 at ≥37 weeks gestation. Participants with multiple gestations or fetal anomalies were excluded. Maternal opioid exposure was defined as prescription (including medication-assisted treatment) or nonprescription opioid use or a positive urine drug screen in pregnancy for opiates. The primary outcome was a neonatal composite of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal sepsis, neonatal seizures, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, jaundice requiring treatment, 5-minute Apgar <5, neonatal intensive care unit admission, neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome, or neonatal death. The secondary outcomes included individual components of the primary outcome, birthweight, need for and length of neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome treatment, length of hospital admission, and maximum Finnegan scores. Early (37–<39), full (39–<41), and late (41–<42 weeks) term groups were defined by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. RESULTS: Of 399 infants, 136 (34.1%), 229 (57.4%), and 34 (8.5%) were born in the early, full, and late-term periods, respectively. Two hundred and seventy patients (67.7%) received medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorder, and the baseline characteristics were similar in all the groups except for history of intranasal heroin use, positive urine toxicology screen for heroin or any opiates, and delivery indication (P<.05). The primary composite outcome occurred in 313 (78.4%) neonates, and 296 (74.2%) neonates had neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome. More than half (219 [54.9%]) of opioid–exposed neonates were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, and 160 (40.1%) required pharmacologic neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome treatment for a mean duration of almost 3 weeks (19.0±16.1 days). There were no significant differences in the primary composite outcome, incidence of neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome, or other secondary outcomes (except birthweight) between neonates born in the early, full, or late-term periods. CONCLUSION: Although neonatal morbidity was frequent among opioid–exposed neonates, the incidence and severity of neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome or other neonatal outcomes were not different between neonates delivered in the early, full, and late-term periods, suggesting that opioid–exposed infants may not benefit from early term delivery. ER  - 
Is the Early Diagnosis of Pediatric Stroke Possible in the Emergency Department?$$$ Background and Purpose Pediatric stroke is a neurological emergency. Knowing the predictive clinical markers for childhood stroke will help in early diagnosis and patient management. This study aims to (1) evaluate patients admitted to the pediatric emergency department (PED) with acute neurological signs and/or symptoms who underwent neuroimaging and (2) determine the clinical warning signs for the early recognition of stroke. Methods One hundred one patients aged 1 month to 18 years who were admitted with stroke-related neurological signs and symptoms and underwent neuroimaging in the PED were retrospectively analyzed using the file record system. As a result of these imaging tests, the characteristics of patients with stroke and nonstroke were compared. Results The mean age of the 92 included patients was 10.7 (SD, 4.5) years. Among the admission symptoms of the patients, a significant difference was observed only in terms of speech disorder, whereas a significant difference was found in the examination results for altered consciousness and dysarthria. The incidences of hemiplegia and hemiparesis were higher in the stroke group, but they were not statistically significant. The median duration of time from symptom onset to PED admission was 240 minutes (interquartile range, 30-1440 minutes). The mean time from PED admission to magnetic resonance imaging in the stroke group was 2.3 (SD, 0.7) hours, which was significantly shorter than for the nonstroke group (4.9 [SD, 1.2] hours, P = 0.002). Conclusions Childhood stroke is a neurological emergency that requires a multidisciplinary approach. Early stroke diagnosis is vital for treatment and prognosis. With respect to sudden neurological deficits, particularly dysarthria, altered consciousness, hemiplegia, and hemiparesis, should alert clinicians to stroke. In addition, interdepartmental cooperation is essential both in the rapid recognition of stroke and the treatment and follow-up processes. ER  - 
(88) Initial Psychotic Episode in a Patient with an Inborn Error of Cobalamin Metabolism Methylcobalamin Type cblG Deficiency: A Case Report$$$ Background: The relationship between neuropsychiatric disorders and cobalamin deficiency is well known, but little information is available on psychiatric complications of inborn errors of intracellular cobalamin metabolism. These patients present with developmental delay, seizures, dementia and psychosis, causing elevated levels of homocysteine and intrinsic vitamin B12 deficiency (Watkins, 2011). In this report, we describe the manifestations and successful psychiatric treatment of a patient with an inborn error of cobalamin metabolism. Case: Mr. W is a 23-year-old male with cobalamin G defect, who was hospitalized for encephalopathy and hallucinations. Notable past medical history includes chronic kidney disease, seizures, intellectual disability, and hypothyroidism. He has no significant past psychiatric history. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the patient was increasingly isolated. Psychosis began with disorganized thoughts, progressing to delusions and eventually both auditory and visual hallucinations. Other notable exam findings include blunted affect and psychomotor retardation. Homocysteine levels were elevated from baseline. Cerebrospinal fluid showed elevated protein levels with the presence of 3-0-meythldopa. Risperidone was initiated, then switched to olanzapine due to reported side effects with persistence of psychosis. He was switched from olanzapine to aripiprazole after cross-titration and optimized on aripiprazole 10mg nightly, leading to a resolution in his psychiatric symptoms. Discussion: Mr. W’s increased isolation may have led to increased stress, which has been associated with high levels of homocysteine in the literature (Gun Kang, 2005). Elevated homocysteine is reported in individuals with neuropsychiatric disorders (Moustafa, 2014). Additionally, high levels of homocysteine are linked with inflammatory bio-makers (Li, 2015). Aripiprazole and risperidone have been shown to decrease inflammatory biomarkers in patients with psychosis (Juncal-Ruiz, 2018). Conclusion: Patients with inborn errors of cobalamin metabolism have increased levels of homocysteine, which is associated with an inflammatory response and neuropsychiatric disorders. We recommend that psychosis in patients with an inborn error of cobalamin metabolism be initially treated with risperidone, and aripiprazole as a second-line treatment. Learning Objectives: 1. Describe the relationship between metabolic cobalamin deficiency and psychosis. 2. Question the role of transient biomarker elevation and psychosis. 3. Assess the treatment considerations for patients with metabolic cobalamin deficiency. References: 1. Watkins, D. & Rosenblatt, D. S. Inborn errors of cobalamin absorption and metabolism. American Journal of Medical Genetics 2011:157:33-44. 2. Gun Kang, M. et al. Job stress and cardiovascular risk factors in male workers. Preventive Medicine 2005;40:583-588. 3. Moustafa, A. et al. Homocysteine levels in schizophrenia and affective disorders—focus on cognition. Front Behav Neurosci 2014;8:343. 4. Li, T. et al. Serum Homocysteine Concentration Is Significantly Associated with Inflammatory/Immune Factors. PLOS ONE 2015;10:e0138099. 5. Juncal-Ruiz, M. et al. Comparison of the anti-inflammatory effect of aripiprazole and risperidone in 75 drug-naïve first episode psychosis individuals: A 3 months randomized study. Schizophrenia Research 2018;202:226-233. ER  - 
The Assessment of Cardiac Risk in Patients Taking Lamotrigine$$$ A Systematic Review; Objective: In October 2020, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a warning advising against the use of lamotrigine in patients with cardiac conduction disorders, prior ventricular arrhythmias, or cardiac disease, based on in vitro data.1,2 We are not aware of any reviews that have examined the full body of evidence regarding lamotrigine’s cardiac risk profile in healthy individuals or those with underlying cardiac disease. Significantly increased psychiatric morbidity was observed following the FDA’s warning regarding QTc prolongation with citalopram, which led to widespread reflexive dose reduction.3,4 Unnecessary discontinuation of lamotrigine in established patients may have substantial adverse consequences.5 Finally, understanding lamotrigine’s cardiac risk may inform future investigations within its class. Methods: We conducted a systematic review of Web of Science and PubMed for valid measures of cardiac function (including heartrate, ECGs, and laboratory values) among patients taking lamotrigine. For each study, we defined the study sample, screening process, and outcomes. Results: Seven randomized controlled trials (RCTs), 7 nonrandomized observational studies, and 24 case reports were identified. Among young, healthy individuals taking therapeutic doses of lamotrigine, no ECG changes were reported. One RCT in older patients found small increases in QRS and PR intervals of unclear clinical significance. Case reports documented QRS widening, Brugada syndrome (BrS), QTc prolongation and sudden cardiac death in patients taking lamotrigine, though many patients had consumed toxic quantities of lamotrigine and/or co-ingested other medications. Conclusions: Evidence suggests that the FDA’s warning regarding lamotrigine use among patients with cardiac disease is too broad. Lamotrigine use at therapeutic doses may be associated with modest QRS widening, though these changes are likely only clinically significant in overdose. References: 1. FDA. Studies show increased risk of heart rhythm problems with seizure and mental health medicine lamotrigine (Lamictal) in patients with heart disease. FDA Drug Saf Commun. Published online 2021. 2. Lamictal (lamotrigine) [package insert]. Research Triangle Park, NC: GlaxoSmithKline. Published online 2015. 3. Gerlach LB, Kales HC, Maust DT, ym. Unintended consequences of adjusting citalopram prescriptions following the 2011 FDA warning. Am J Geriatr psychiatry. 2017;25(4). 4. Gerlach LB, Kim HM, Yosef M, Kales HC, Henry J, Zivin K. Electrocardiogram monitoring after the Food and Drug Administration warnings for citalopram: unheeded alerts? J Am Geriatr Soc. 2018;66(8). 5. Begley CE, Annegers JF, Swann AC, ym. The lifetime cost of bipolar disorder in the US: an estimate for new cases in 1998. Pharmacoeconomics. 2001;19(5 Pt 1). ER  - 
WEBB FELLOW: Post-Stroke Depression: What We Learnt from Clinical Trials on SSRIs in Motor Recovery$$$ Stroke is a leading cause of disability worldwide, ranking second in disability adjusted life years [DALYs] (1). Post-stroke depression is a well-established clinical phenomenon that has been the subject of multiple systematic literature reviews. From a neurological perspective, there has been intense interest into whether serotonergic antidepressants enhance motor recovery after stroke. Initial positive findings from the FLAME trial (2) laid the foundation for subsequent large clinical trials [FOCUS (3), AFFINITY(4), EFFECTS (5), TALOS (6)]. While these multi-center randomized controlled trials were not specifically designed to inform on post-stroke depression, they inadvertently provided a wealth of information on this important subject. We will present a summary of the collated findings on post-stroke depression from these five large clinical trials, that collectively enrolled 6,667 patients across multiple international sites. The findings suggest that, at least on the short term (3–12-month follow-up), SSRIs may prevent onset of new depressive episodes in post-stroke patients. They however highlight important biological features in these patients that may predispose them to unique side effects, such as increased bone fractures, increased risk for seizures, and hyponatremia. These studies provide data that could guide the practice of prescribing serotonergic antidepressants in post-stroke patients, and particularly when discussing risks and benefits. References: 1. Global, regional, and national burden of stroke and its risk factors, 1990-2019: a systematic analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study 2019. Lancet neurology. 2021;20(10):795-820. 2. Chollet F, Tardy J, Albucher JF, Thalamas C, Berard E, Lamy C, et al. Fluoxetine for motor recovery after acute ischaemic stroke (FLAME): a randomised placebo-controlled trial. Lancet neurology. 2011;10(2):123-30. 3. Effects of fluoxetine on functional outcomes after acute stroke (FOCUS): a pragmatic, double-blind, randomised, controlled trial. Lancet. 2019;393(10168):265-74. 4. Safety and efficacy of fluoxetine on functional outcome after acute stroke (AFFINITY): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Lancet neurology. 2020;19(8):651-660. 5. Safety and efficacy of fluoxetine on functional recovery after acute stroke (EFFECTS): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Lancet neurology. 2020;19(8):661-9. 6. Kraglund KL, Mortensen JK, Damsbo AG, Modrau B, Simonsen SA, Iversen HK, et al. Neuroregeneration and Vascular Protection by Citalopram in Acute Ischemic Stroke (TALOS). Stroke; a journal of cerebral circulation. 2018;49(11):2568-76. ER  - 
(100) Treatment of Post-ictal Psychosis in Medically Refractory Epilepsy Complicated by Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy and Myocardial Infarction: A Case Report and Literature Review$$$ Background/Significance: Individuals with epilepsy have an almost eight-fold increased risk of psychosis compared to the general population (1). Though antiseizure medications may reduce the frequency of seizures and peri-ictal psychosis, some can separately exacerbate neuropsychiatric symptoms including psychosis. Here we report a case of a patient with medically refractory epilepsy and comorbid cardiac illness, in which the psychiatry service assisted in the diagnosis and management of post-ictal psychosis in anticipation of surgical interventions for seizures. Case: Mr. M is a 43 year-old man who developed medically refractory epilepsy after sustaining three traumatic brain injuries. He has experienced nocturnal seizures followed by aggression with property destruction, paranoid delusions, visions of dead bodies falling from the sky, and running for miles down the road, and suicidality resulting in multiple hospitalizations. Notable medical history includes admission for Takotsubo cardiomyopathy thought to be related to severe epilepsy complicated by a ventricular tachycardia and STEMI, neurocognitive impairment, as well as depression and irritability exacerbated upon recent initiation of zonisamide. Psychiatry was consulted for diagnostic clarification and management recommendations for psychosis in anticipation of surgical intervention including potential implantation of an intracranial device for refractory epilepsy. The patient was diagnosed with post-ictal psychosis, initiated on aripiprazole with target dose 10mg, and transitioned from zonisamide to eslicarbazepine, with additional planning for an upcoming Phase II intracranial EEG study. Discussion: There is a paucity of evidence guiding the use of neuroleptic medication for management of psychosis in epilepsy (2). Aripiprazole was chosen due to its low risk of QT-prolongation, as the use of haloperidol for psychosis was implicated in the patient’s development of ventricular tachycardia and cardiac arrest. As zonisamide is associated with a higher risk of psychiatric side effects, eslicarbazepine was chosen as an alternative. It is important to anticipate the emergence of psychosis in the setting of antiepileptic reduction or discontinuation during invasive EEG monitoring. Conclusions/Implications: In patients with peri-ictal psychosis and mood symptoms, anti-seizure medications that carry a higher risk of neuropsychiatric side effects should be avoided, as should certain neuroleptics that significantly reduce the seizure threshold. Long-term neuroleptic treatment may be helpful in patients with high morbidity from psychosis related to refractory epilepsy. Learning Objectives: 1. Describe the literature on the classification of epilepsy-related psychotic symptoms. 2. Understand the multifactorial contribution to mood and behavioral changes in TBI and severe epilepsy. 3. Explain the role for psychiatrists in anticipatory planning for psychosis during invasive EEG studies and surgical treatments of epilepsy References: 1. Clancy MJ, et al. The prevalence of psychosis in epilepsy; a systematic review and meta-analysis. BMC Psychiatry. 2014;14:75. 2. Agrawal N and Mula M. Treatment of psychoses in patients with epilepsy: an update. Therapeutic Advances in Psychopharmacology. January 2019. ER  - 
Efficacy of intravenous versus intraperitoneal lidocaine for postoperative analgesia in laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Laparoscopic cholecystectomy (LC) has become the gold standard for gallbladder removal due to the low degree of invasiveness. However, postoperative pain still persists. Local anesthetics provide analgesia, reduce opioid consumption, and accelerate the return of bowel activity with a rare incidence of toxicity. However, it is still inconclusive to verify the more superior route of administration. This study aimed to compare the efficacy of intravenous lidocaine infusion, intraperitoneal lidocaine instillation, and placebo in reducing postoperative analgesia. METHODS: In this prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, the participants were randomized into three groups; intravenous lidocaine infusion (IV group), intraperitoneal lidocaine instillation (IP group), and control. The primary outcome was opioid consumption and secondary outcomes were side effects and recovery profiles. RESULTS: Opioid consumption at 2, 4, and 6 postoperative hours was statistically lower in IV group compared to the IP and control group (P<0.05). VAS for abdominal pain (VASabd) at 6, 12, and 24 hours were reduced in both IV and IP groups compared to the control group. However, VAS at incision site (VASinc) were not different amongst all three groups. Number of patients who met the discharge criteria within six hours after surgery was significantly higher in the IV group (P=0.028). CONCLUSIONS: Intravenous lidocaine is superior to intraperitoneal lidocaine instillation and placebo in reducing postoperative analgesic requirement and visceral pain within the first six hours. Intravenous infusion is a simple and reliable method for reducing abdominal pain following laparoscopic cholecystectomy. ER  - 
Assessment of COVID-19 vaccination among healthcare workers in Iraq$$$ adverse effects and hesitancy; Several messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) and inactivated COVID-19 vaccines are available to the global population as of 2022. The acceptance of the COVID-19 vaccine will play a key role in combating the worldwide pandemic. Public confidence in this vaccine is largely based on its safety and effectiveness. This study was designed to provide independent evidence of the adverse effects associated with COVID-19 vaccines among healthcare workers in Iraq and to identify the attitudes of healthcare workers who rejected the vaccination. We conducted a cross-sectional study to collect data on the adverse effects of the Pfizer, AstraZeneca, and Sinopharm vaccines. Data were collected between October 2021 and February 2022. A total of 2,202 participants were enrolled in the study: (89.97%) received injections of the COVID-19 vaccines and (10.03%) were hesitant to receive the vaccination. Participants received either the Pfizer vaccine (62.9%), AstraZeneca vaccine (23.5%) or Sinopharm vaccine (13.6%). Most adverse effects were significantly less prevalent in the second dose than in the first dose. Notably, the adverse effects associated with the Pfizer vaccine were significantly more prevalent in females than in males. Following the first dose, the participants experienced more adverse effects with the AstraZeneca vaccine. Following the second dose, more adverse effects were associated with the Pfizer vaccine. Interestingly, the prevalence of COVID-19 infection in participants who received two doses of the Pfizer vaccine was significantly reduced compared to those who received two doses of either the AstraZeneca or Sinopharm vaccines. According to vaccine-hesitated participants, insufficient knowledge (29.9%), expeditious development (27.6%) and lack of trust in the vaccines (27.1%) were the three major reasons for refusing the vaccines. The results of our study indicated that these adverse effects do not present a significant problem and should not prevent successful control of the COVID-19 pandemic. ER  - 
What factors contribute to the need for physical restraint in institutionalized residents in Taiwan?$$$ Background In Taiwan, physical restraint is commonly used in institutions to protect residents from falling or injury. However, physical restraint should be used cautiously to avoid side effects, such as worse cognition, mobility, depression, and even death. Objectives To identify the rate of physical restraint and the associated risk factors in institutionalized residents in Taiwan. Methods A community-based epidemiological survey was conducted from July 2019 to February 2020 across 266 residential institutions. Among the estimated 6,549 residents being surveyed, a total of 5,752 finished the study. The questionnaires were completed by residents, his/her family or social workers. The cognition tests were conducted by specialists and a multilevel analysis approach was used to identify cognition/disability/medical history/special nursing care/BPSD risk factors for physical restraints. Results Of the 5,752 included institutionalized residents, 30.2% (1,737) had been previously restrained. Older age, lower education level, lower cognitive function, higher dependence, residents with cerebrovascular disease, pulmonary disease, dementia, and intractable epilepsy, all contributed to a higher physical restraint rate, while orthopedic disease and spinal cord injury were associated with a lower physical restraint rate. Furthermore, residents with special nursing care had a higher restraint rate. Residents with most of the behavior and psychological symptoms were also associated with an increased restraint rate. Conclusions We studied the rate of physical restraint and associated risk factors in institutionalized residents in Taiwan. The benefits and risks of physical restraint should be evaluated before application, and adjusted according to different clinical situations. ER  - 
Predictive comorbidities of hospital admission in 1,571 SARSCoV-2 positive patients: analysis of administrative data from an Italian Local Health Autority$$$ Purpose. Globally, age and some comorbidities have been associated with the risk of more severe outcomes of COVID-19. The purpose of this research is to calculate the hospitalization rate of SARS-CoV-2 positive patients in an Italian Local health Authority (LHA) and to examine whether medical comorbidities encoded through pharmaceutical administrative data are predictors of hospital admission in patients with a positive SARS-CoV-2 naso-pharyngeal swab. Methods. This retrospective observational study was conducted in a LHA of Pescara. Comorbidities were coded through the consumption of drugs, using the WHO's Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical (ATC) classification System. The admission was ascertained by checking the hospital discharge records where generated. Results. During the study period, 1571 patients were tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 oro-and-nasopharyngeal swab. Multivariable logistic analisys showed as predictors of admission an age ≥65 in the total sample (aOR 10.91; 95%CI 6.86-17.36) as well as in the male (aOR 12.64;95%CI 6.42-24.87) and female. (aOR 9.27; 95%CI 4.87-17.66) in SARS-CoV-2 positive patients. Comorbidities assiociated with admission were (GERD) in overall (AdjOR 1.58; 95% CI 1.06-2.34) and male (AdjOR 2.30; 95%CI 1.12-4.72) samples and anticoagulants drugs use in male (AdjOR 3.90; 95% 1.11-13.65) sample, the presence of congestive heart failure (CHF) in female (AdjOR 0.47;95%CI 0.27-0.83) sample results as protective factor. Conclusion. In conclusion, increasing age, male gender and PPI use are positively associated while female gender and CHF-related drug use are negatively associated with hospitalization in SARSCoV-2 positive patients. ER  - 
Knowledge and emotional attitudes of health care practitioners regarding patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) are paroxysmal events that resemble epileptic seizures without concomitant changes in electroencephalograms (EEGs) or any other physiological cause. These seizures are one of the most common and dramatic conversion disorders. First responders treat many PNES patients with unnecessary emergency abortive medication and sometimes even intubate them. Several of our PNES patients have complained they have experienced harsh attitudes from health care practitioners (HCPs), especially during their stay in the emergency room (ER). Objective To assess the emotional attitude of HCPs toward PNES patients. Methods We handed a questionnaire containing 23 questions regarding PNES patients to HCPs from emergency medicine, internal medicine, and neurology disciplines. The questions dealt with three categories: diagnosis, management, and emotional attitudes. Results Overall, 47 HCPs participated in this study: 11 ER, 18 internal medicine, and 18 neurology practitioners. The HCP from those disciplines showed high knowledge and good management practice of PNES patients. On the other hand, the HCPs agreed with most emotional attitude statements regarding PNES patients, reflecting a high percentage of negative emotional attitudes toward this group of patients. We did not find any correlation between negative emotional attitude and HCP department, profession, or seniority. ER  - 
Frequency and economic burden of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in patients applying for disability benefits due to epilepsy$$$ Background Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) resemble epileptic seizures and are often misdiagnosed as epilepsy. Objective To investigate the frequency of PNES and to calculate the economic burden of the patients who admitted to video-electroencephalographicmonitoring (VEM) to obtain a diagnosis of epilepsy in order to apply for disability retirement. Methods The present retrospective study included 134 patients who required disability reports between 2013 and 2019 and had their definite diagnoses after VEM. Following VEM, the patients were divided into three groups: epilepsy, PNES, and epilepsy þ PNES. Results In total, 22.4% (n = 30) of the patients were diagnosed with PNES, 21.6% (n = 29) with PNES and epilepsy, and 56% (n = 75), with epilepsy. The frequency of PNES among all patients was of 44% (n = 59). In patients with PNES alone, the annual cost of using anti-seizure medication was of 160.67 ∓ 94.04 dollars; for psychostimulant drugs, it was of 148.3 ∓ 72.48 dollars a year; and the mean direct cost for diagnostic procedures was of 582.9 ∓ 330.0 (range: 103.52–1601.3) dollars. Conclusions Although it is challenging to determine the qualitative and quantitative total cost in these patient groups, early diagnosis and sociopsychological support will reduce the additional financial burden on the health system and increase the quality of life of the patients. ER  - 
Long-Term Outcome of Necrotizing Enterocolitis and Spontaneous Intestinal Perforation$$$ OBJECTIVES: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and spontaneous intestinal perforation (SIP) are complications in preterm infants associated with high morbidity, mortality, impaired growth, and neurodevelopmental (ND) outcomes. Few studies have reported growth or ND outcomes of infants born extremely preterm with NEC/SIP beyond early childhood. Here, we compared anthropometric and ND outcomes, at 10 and 15 years, for children with medical NEC, surgical NEC, SIP, and neither NEC nor SIP. METHODS: Participants from the prospective longitudinal extremely low gestational age newborns study were evaluated at ages 10 and 15 years for anthropometrics, neurocognition, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, epilepsy, and gross motor function. RESULTS: At age 10 years, 889 children were followed-up (medical NEC 5 138, surgical NEC 5 33, SIP 5 29, no NEC/SIP 5 689), and 694 children were followed up-at 15 years. Children with medical NEC had similar weight, BMI, height, and head circumference compared with controls at both 10 and 15 years. At 15 years, children with surgical NEC had lower weight z-score (adjusted b: 0.75, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.25 to 0.25), lower BMI z-score (adjusted b: 0.55, 95% CI: 1.09 to 0.01), and lower height z-score (adjusted b: 0.65, 95% CI: 1.16 to 0.14). Children with SIP had lower weight and height z-scores at age 10 years when adjusted for sample attrition, but these differences were not significant when adjusted for confounders. We observed no differences in long-term ND outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Surgical NEC- and SIP-associated growth impairment may persist through late childhood. ND outcomes among school-aged children born extremely preterm with any NEC or SIP are no different from children without NEC/SIP. ER  - 
Is there a role for medicinal cannabis in symptom management?$$$ In 2016, following robust public pressure, the Australian Government legalised medicinal cannabis (MC) for the therapeutic management of specific indications, namely epilepsy, nausea and vomiting, chronic pain, spasticity of MS, insomnia and palliation. The introduction was not underpinned by research evidence from clinical trials and did not mandate systematic monitoring of efficacy, adverse effects or longterm effects. There has been an exponential rise in the number of prescriptions approved for MC since that time. Most have been for chronic pain and anxiety with smaller numbers for sleep, cancer pain and symptom management, neuropathic pain and PTSD. Cannabis is a complex combination of over 400 compounds, the most predominant of which are tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD). To date there are many unknowns when it comes to prescribing MC, for example what are the best products/combinations of cannabinoids, routes of administration, dose/schedule, symptoms to target and adverse effects. With a few exceptions, research to date has been unable to define the best place for MC in everyday practice. Our research program, run by the Qld Palliative Care Research Group, is aiming to resolve some of these uncertainties. ER  - 
Clomethiazole for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome: A systematic review and metanalysis$$$ Introduction The objective of this systematic review was to estimate the efficacy and safety of chlomethiazole for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome in patients with alcohol addiction. Methods Electronic databases were searched through March 2022 for randomized prospective controlled trials (RCTs) investigating patients with alcohol dependence admitted and treated for alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Studies in any language were considered. Comperators were separated in two groups. Group A included chlordiazepoxide, alprazolam, GHB and carbamazepine with a proven own effect on alcohol withdrawal syndrome and Group B with bromocriptine, tiapride, trifluoperazine, clonidine and piracetame with effects only on specific symptoms of withdrawal syndrome. Results 15 RCTs were included. Clomethiazole showed a significant better response if compared to placebo (OR 3,88; 95% CI=1.95 to 7.73; p=0.0001) or to other substances in group B (OR 2.92; 95% CI= 0.99 to 9.09; p=0.06). No difference was found if compared to group A (OR 0.86; 95% CI= 0.35 to 2.11; p=0.74). Clomethiazole significantly reduced seizures during withdrawal treatment if compared to placebo (OR 0.12; 95% CI= 0.02 to 0.84; p=0.03). Conclusion Clomethiazole has superior effects if compared to placebo regarding overall response and preventing seizures during withdrawal treatment. Response was also better if compared to other substances with effects only on specific symptoms of withdrawal syndrome. Based on the age of most trials with methodological deficiencies and the relatively low number of cases, data should be interpreted cautiously. ER  - 
REDUCTION IN BENZODIAZEPINE, OPIOID AND ANTIPSYCHOTIC USE AFTER A PROTOCOL IMPLEMENTATION IN A BRAZILIAN PEDIATRIC INTENSIVE CARE UNIT$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: Pain and anxiety relief are essential features of critical care. Despite adverse effects, benzodiazepines and opioids are still widely used. We hypothesized that the implementation of a sedation and analgesia protocol in our pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) would result in reduction in administration of these drugs, with a consequent reduction in antipsychotics needed to treat delirium. METHOD: Data regarding the consumption of sedatives (midazolam and lorazepam), analgesics (fentanyl and methadone) and antipsychotic medications (haloperidol, chlorpromazine and risperidone) were collected retrospectively through chart review from January 2019 to December 2020. We compared the expenditure of vials or tablets per patient admission per year, before (2019) and after (2020) the implementation of a sedation and analgesia protocol, which consisted of drug rotation and increased use of ketamine, dexmedetomidine, clonidine, and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Patients admitted for status epilepticus were excluded. RESULTS: There were 692 PICU admissions in 2019 and 553 in 2020. We observed lower consumption per patient admission of midazolam (9.5 vs. 11.8 vials), lorazepam (13.7 vs. 24.4 tablets), fentanyl (21.1 vs. 26 vials), methadone (8.7 vs. 16.4 tablets) and antipsychotics (0.53 vs. 0.99 vials) in 2020 compared to 2019, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The implementation of a sedation and analgesia protocol in a Brazilian PICU resulted in reduction of 29.7% in opioid use, 35.9% in benzodiazepine consumption and 46.4% in antipsychotic need. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Citalopram, but Not Fluoxetine May Improve Post-Stroke Recovery$$$ Introduction: Several studies evaluated the role of Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs) in several aspects of stroke recovery. However, the results of these studies were inconsistent. Hypothesis This study was conducted to assess the hypothesis that SSRIs improve post-stroke recovery. Methods: In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we searched the following databases: PubMed, Cochrane, Scopus and Google Scholar. The studies were included if they were placebocontrolled trials in design and reported SSRIs effects on post-stroke depression, anxiety, disability, dependence, motor abilities and cognitive functions. Results: The search yielded 44 articles that included 16,164 patients and about half of the participants were treated with SSRIs. Our results showed that SSRIs had significant effect on preventing depression (Figure 1: Weighted Mean Difference (WMD)=-7.05; 95%CI: -11.78-2.31), treating depression (Figure 1; WMD=-1.45; 95%CI: -2.77-0.14), anxiety (Figure 1: Relative Risk (RR)=0.23; 95%CI: 0.09-0.61), dependence (Figure 1: WMD=8.86; 95%CI:1.23-16.48), motor abilities (Figure 1: WMD=-0.79; 95%CI: -1.42-0.15) and cognitive functions (Figure 1: WMD=1.00; 95%CI: 0.12-1.89). On the other hand, no significant effect of SSRI on disability was observed. Additionally, we found that treating with SSRIs increased the risk of seizures (RR=1.44; 95%CI:1.13-1.83). Conclusion: Our study showed that SSRIs are effective in preventing and treating depression, improving anxiety, motor function, cognitive function and dependence in post-stroke patients. These benefits were only reproducible with the citalopram sub-analysis but not fluoxetine; further well conducted placebo-controlled trials are needed to investigate the safety and efficacy of citalopram among post-stroke patients. ER  - 
SYMPTOMATOLOGY OF PRIMARY BRAIN TUMOR PATIENTS AT CLINICAL TRIAL INITIATION: SNAPSHOT FROM THE NCI NOB-NATURAL HISTORY STUDY$$$ Clinical trial endpoints include response/survival, but also treatment tolerance and clinical benefit. Few reports exist on the frequency and type of disease-related symptoms and functions and treatment-associated symptomatic toxicities at clinical trial initiation. The MD Anderson Symptom Inventory-Brain Tumor self-reports from patients at baseline of a clinical trial initiation were retrospectively evaluated for the presence of severe ratings ( ≥ 7 for symptom, ≥ 6 for interference) of Reeve's toxicity symptoms (TS) (pain, fatigue, nausea, insomnia, anxiety, dyspnea, anorexia, depression, vomiting, neuropathy, constipation, diarrhea) and RANO-COA Collaborative core disease-related symptoms (DRS) (pain, perceived cognition, difficulty communicating, seizure, physical function, role/social functioning). A total of 137 baseline assessments from 132 patients for 10 clinical trials were evaluated. Patients were primarily white (82%) males (67%), with median age 48 years (range: 19-76), initiating treatment for a recurrent (86%) high grade (95%) tumor. Thirty-six percent reported severe TS (range: 1-9) and 48% reported DRS (range: 1-8), both with a median of 2 symptoms. All 12 TS and 7 DRS were reported as severe (TS range: 3%-23%); DRS range: 1%-25%); most common were fatigue (23%), insomnia (12%), and anxiety (10%) for TS, and role/social function-work (25%), physical functionwalking (24%), and role/social function-usual activity (20%) for DRS. Those ≤ 4 weeks since recurrence more frequently reported TS (53%) or DRS (62%). TS were more common if treatment initiation closely followed a previous treatment (0-4 weeks: 45%). Baseline symptom occurrence and functional limitations and their severity at clinical trial initiation are critical to understanding tolerability and clinical benefit. For TS, baseline adjustments are warranted for anticipated symptomatic toxicities. High diseaserelated symptom severity necessitates symptom management and supportive care approaches for patients entering clinical trials and promotes symptomatic improvement measures as trial endpoints along with traditional measures such as tumor reduction and prolongation of survival outcomes. ER  - 
FEASIBILITY OF A VIRTUAL REALITY (VR) INTERVENTION TARGETING DISTRESS AND ANXIETY IN PRIMARY BRAIN TUMOR (PBT) PATIENTS AT THE TIME OF NEUROIMAGING: INTERIM ANALYSIS OF A PHASE 2 CLINICAL TRIAL$$$ BACKGROUND: PBT patients experience high levels of distress and anxiety symptoms at the time of neuroimaging, yet few non-pharmacological interventions are available. This phase 2 clinical trial interim analysis explored feasibility of a VR relaxation intervention for a PBT population. METHODS: PBT patients seen at NIH were recruited to participate in this single arm trial conducted via telehealth. English-speaking, adult patients with upcoming neuroimaging who can self-report symptoms and have reported distress on previous MD Anderson Symptom Inventory-Brain Tumor assessments were eligible. Exclusion criteria include recent surgery or seizures, anxiety disorders, nausea, or visual deficits. The primary intervention consisted of a brief VR session done within 2 weeks prior to neuroimaging with patient-reported outcomes (PROs) collected before and immediately post-intervention, as well as 1 week and 4 weeks later, with self-directed VR use over 1 month. A qualitative phone interview was also completed to assess patient satisfaction. RESULTS: Fifty-five patients were screened and approached with 40 (73%) responding to initial reach-out and 20 ultimately enrolling (9 declines, 11 screen fails). Decline reasons included: no distress/anxiety (30%), treatment-related toxicities (11%), and unknown (59%). Seven (64%) failed screening due to exclusionary anxiety disorders (36% GAD, 18% PTSD, 9% claustrophobia). Of those enrolled, 65% were ≤ 50 years, 50% were male, 90% were White/non-Hispanic, 85% had good KPS ( > 80), 65% had high-grade tumors, and most were on active treatment. All enrolled patients completed the VR intervention and participation period, PROs questionnaires, weekly check-ins, and qualitative interview. Most patients (90%) reported frequent VR use with 7 mild adverse effects reported (headache, dizziness, nausea, neck pain). CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that this intervention is feasible for this population with high enrollment and study completion, though incidence of anxiety disorders was higher than anticipated and a comprehensive evaluation of this cohort is planned. ER  - 
DOSE ESCALATION TRIAL OF FC-ENGINEERED ANTI-CD40 MONOCLONAL ANTIBODY (2141-V11) ADMINISTERED INTRATUMORALLY WITH D2C7-IT VIA CONVECTION-ENHANCED DELIVERY (CED) FOR RECURRENT MALIGNANT GLIOMAS (RMGS)$$$ BACKGROUND: D2C7-IT, a novel immunotoxin-based cytotoxic therapy, targets epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and mutant EGFR variant III. In preclinical studies, D2C7-IT kills tumor cells and prolongs survival, but is unable to generate cures in all animals. We hypothesized that immunosuppression in glioblastoma limits D2C7-IT efficacy. Eliminating glioblastoma immunosuppression via CD40 co-stimulation is anticipated to enhance D2C7-IT-induced antitumor responses. In murine glioma models, CED of D2C7-IT+αCD40 generated cures and long-term tumor-specific adaptive immunity. Hence, we are conducting a phase 1 trial of D2C7-IT+2141-V11 (αhuman-CD40) administered via CED in rMG patients. METHODS: Eligibility includes adult patients with solitary supratentorial rMG (WHO grade 3/4); ≥ 4 weeks after chemotherapy, bevacizumab, or study drug; adequate organ function; and KPS ≥ 70%. Cohorts of 3 patients are treated with increasing doses of 2141-V11 to determine the maximum tolerated dose when administered sequentially following D2C7-IT (166,075 ng) via CED at 0.5 mL/hr. Five dose levels (DLs) are evaluated (2141- V11 at: #1: 0.70 mg; #2: 2.0 mg; #2∗∗: 3.0 mg #2∗: 4.0 mg; #3: 7.0 mg). RESULTS: As of May 29, 2022, 13 patients were treated (3 patients on DL1, DL2, and DL2∗∗; 2 patients on DL3 and DL2∗). No dose-limiting toxicities were observed; however, lower DLs were added due to higher frequency of adverse events (AEs) expected with D2C7-IT+2141-V11 with DL3 and DL2∗ (fever, neurologic symptoms). All patients remain alive 0.7-10.6 months after therapy. Grade ≥ 2 AEs due to D2C7-IT+2141-V11 include: headache (grade 3, n = 1; grade 2, n = 4); pyramidal tract disorder (grade 3, n = 1; grade 2, n = 2); paresthesia (grade 3, n = 1); dysphasia (grade 3, n = 1); seizures (grade 2; n = 2); fever (grade 2; n = 2); and one each of grade 2 depressed level of consciousness, fatigue, and concentration impairment. Enrollment is ongoing. CONCLUSIONS: Intratumoral administration of D2C7-IT+2141-V11 via CED is safe, encouraging efficacy results are observed. ER  - 
Natural history and neurodevelopmental outcomes in perinatal stress induced hyperinsulinism$$$ Objective: To describe perinatal stress induced hyperinsulinism (PSIHI), determine the prevalence of neurodevelopmental differences, and identify risk factors for poor developmental prognosis. Methods: Subjects with a history of hyperinsulinism (HI) and perinatal stress and in whom resolution of the HI was demonstrated were included. Medical record review, caregiver interview, and three validated developmental assessments were completed. Results: Of the 107 subjects (75% male), 36% were born between 32 and 37 weeks. Median age of hypoglycemia presentation was 0 days. Median age at HI diagnosis was 12 days (IQR 13.5). Median length of time for initiation of definitive treatment was 14 days (IQR 14). Caregiver interviews were completed for 53 of 79 eligible subjects. Developmental concerns were reported by 51%. Neurodevelopmental assessments were completed by caregivers of 37 of the 53 enrolled subjects. The proportion of subjects scoring >1 SD and >2 SD away from the mean in the direction of concern on the major composite scores was significantly greater than in the general population (40.5% vs. 15.8%, P ≤ 0.0001 and 18.9% vs. 2.2%, P ≤ 0.0001, respectively). Male sex, small for gestational age status (SGA), and treatment with continuous feeds were associated with assessment scores >1 SD from the mean (P < 0.05). SGA and preeclampsia were associated with assessment scores >2 SD from the mean (P < 0.05). Conclusion: While the majority of infants presented with hypoglycemia in the first day of life, diagnosis and treatment occurred 12–14 days later. Children with PSIHI are at high risk of neurodevelopmental deficits and are more likely to perform below average on developmental assessment. ER  - 
Bartonella quintana Infection in People Experiencing Homelessness in the Denver Metropolitan Area$$$ Background. Bartonella quintana is an important cause of infection amongst people experiencing homelessness that is underdiagnosed due to its nonspecific clinical manifestations. We reviewed cases identified in the Denver metropolitan area in 2016–2021. Methods. The electronic medical records from 2 large academic medical centers in Colorado were reviewed for demographic, clinical, and laboratory features of patients with B. quintana infection confirmed by blood culture, serologies, and/or molecular testing from July 2016 to December 2021. Results. Fourteen patients with B. quintana infection were identified. The mean age was 49.5 years (SD 12.7 years) and 92.9% of patients were male. Twelve patients had history of homelessness (85.7%) and 11 were experiencing homelessness at the time of diagnosis (78.6%). Most frequent comorbidities included substance use (78.6%), of which 42.9% had alcohol use disorder. The average time to blood culture positivity was 12.1 days (SD 6.2 days). Three patients with bacteremia had negative B. quintana IgG, and 6 of 14 (42.8%) patients had evidence of endocarditis on echocardiography. Conclusions. B. quintana is an underrecognized cause of serious infection in individuals experiencing homelessness. Serologic and microbiologic testing, including prolonged culture incubation, should be considered in at-risk patients due to ongoing transmission in homeless populations. ER  - 
Prospective Cohort Study of Depression during Pregnancy and the Postpartum Period in Women with Epilepsy vs Control Groups$$$ Background and ObjectivesAssess the incidence and factors associated with major depressive episodes (MDEs) and symptoms of depression and anxiety during pregnancy and postpartum periods in pregnant women with epilepsy (PWWE) compared with healthy pregnant women (HPW) and nonpregnant women with epilepsy (NPWWE) in comparable timeframes. Previous studies have reported higher rates of postpartum depression in women with epilepsy compared with women without epilepsy. However, the incidence of MDE using a structured interview during pregnancy and postpartum has not been directly compared with control groups, and the comparison of depression and anxiety symptoms and the role of associated factors remain ambiguous.MethodsThe Maternal Outcomes and Neurodevelopmental Effects of Antiepileptic Drugs study is a multicenter NIH-funded prospective observational parallel group cohort study of PWWE and their children. This report examines mood disorders. Unlike previous epilepsy pregnancy studies, the Structured Clinical Interview for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-IV (SCID) provided lifetime diagnoses, and repeated SCID mood modules assessed for MDE, the a priori primary outcome. Symptoms of depression (Beck Depression Inventory [BDI] and Edinburg Postnatal Depression Scale [EPDS]) and anxiety (Beck Anxiety Inventory [BAI]) were also assessed along with multiple clinical factors.ResultsThis study included PWWE (n = 331) and HPW (n = 102) during pregnancy and postpartum and NPWWE (n = 102) at comparable times. No difference in SCID-diagnosed MDE incidence was found across groups, but BDI depressive symptoms were worse during pregnancy in PWWE vs NPWWE and during postpartum vs HPW and NPWWE. BAI anxiety symptoms were worse during pregnancy in PWWE vs HPW and NPWWE and during postpartum vs HPW. Factors associated with MDE during pregnancy/postpartum for PWWE included >1 seizure/90 days, anticonvulsant polytherapy, unplanned pregnancy, and lifetime history of mood disorder. Suicidal ideation from BDI or EPDS was related to BAI anxiety symptoms.DiscussionAlthough SCID-based MDE did not differ across groups, this prospective study confirms higher rates of psychiatric symptoms in patients with epilepsy during pregnancy and postpartum, provides new data on associated factors, and underscores the importance of anxiety in risk for depression and thoughts of death/dying or suicide. Given the risks, PWWE should be routinely assessed and symptomatic patients should be offered treatment.Trial Registration InformationThis study is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT01730170. ER  - 
Effect of Epilepsy on Sleep Quality during Pregnancy and Postpartum$$$ Background and ObjectivesThis study seeks to understand how sleep is affected in pregnant women with epilepsy (WWE) relative to healthy pregnant women during pregnancy and postpartum and to nonpregnant WWE during comparative periods. Sleep affects maternal health and mood during pregnancy. Maternal sleep disturbances are related to poor fetal growth and increased fetal deaths. Epilepsy is the most common neurologic condition in pregnancy. Sleep disruption can worsen epileptic seizures. The interplay between epilepsy, pregnancy, and sleep is poorly understood.MethodsThe Maternal Outcomes and Neurodevelopmental Effects of Antiepileptic Drugs (MONEAD) study is an NIH-funded, prospective, observational, multicenter study, enrolling women from December 2012 through January 2016. Sleep quality was assessed using the average Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index collected during pregnancy, postpartum, or analogous periods. Sleep scores range from 0 to 21 with higher scores indicating worse sleep quality; scores >5 are associated with poor sleep quality.ResultsOf 351 pregnant WWE, 105 healthy pregnant women, and 109 nonpregnant WWE enrolled in the MONEAD study, data from 241 pregnant WWE, 74 healthy pregnant women, and 84 nonpregnant WWE were analyzed. Pregnant WWE had worse sleep (a higher mean sleep score) during pregnancy compared with healthy pregnant women in unadjusted analysis (p = 0.006), but no longer significant in adjusted analysis (p = 0.062); pregnant WWE (least square mean sleep score [95% CI] = 5.8 [5.5-6.1]) vs healthy pregnant women (5.1 [4.6-5.7]). During postpartum period, WWE (5.6 [5.4-5.9]) had similarly impaired sleep compared with healthy women (5.7 [5.2-6.2]; adjusted p = 0.838). Sleep was significantly worse in pregnant WWE vs nonpregnant WWE (for comparable period) in pregnancy and postpartum in unadjusted and adjusted analyses; adjusted scores for pregnant WWE in pregnancy (5.7 [5.4-6.0]) and those in postpartum (5.7 [5.4-6.0]) compared with those for nonpregnant WWE (4.7 [4.2-5.3]; p = 0.002) and (4.1 [3.6-4.7]; p < 0.001), respectively. Sleep quality between pregnancy and postpartum varied only in healthy pregnant women (change in mean score = 0.8 [0.2-1.3]; p = 0.01), whose sleep was worse in postpartum.DiscussionPregnant WWE had worse sleep during pregnancy and postpartum period than nonpregnant WWE during comparable periods in the adjusted analysis.Trial Registration InformationThe study is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT01730170. ER  - 
Effectiveness of perampanel in the treatment of pediatric patients with focal epilepsy and ESES: A single-center retrospective study$$$ Objective: To investigate the therapeutic effect and influencing factors of perampanel (PER) on electrical status epilepticus during sleep (ESES). Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of pediatric patients with focal epilepsy and ESES who were treated at the Epilepsy Center of Shengjing Hospital of China Medical University between January 2016 and March 2022. Changes in the spike wave index (SWI) after 24 weeks of PER add-on treatment were compared. Kaplan‒Meier survival analysis, the log-rank test and multivariate Cox regression analysis were performed. Results: A total of 54 pediatric patients met the inclusion criteria, including 33 males and 21 females. The mean age at the diagnosis of epilepsy was 6.41 ± 2.14 years and at ESES diagnosis was 7.58 ± 2.40 years. The mean ESES duration before add-on PER was 25.31 ± 15.12 months. The mean age of the patients at add-on PER initiation was 9.69 ± 2.12 years. The ESES resolved in 29 children after 6 months of PER add-on treatment, and the response rate was 53.7%. Univariate analysis with the log-rank test showed that the therapeutic effect of PER differed according to the age at ESES diagnosis and ESES duration before add-on PER treatment. Multivariate Cox regression analysis showed that only ESES duration before PER administration was a risk factor for PER treatment failure, and the other factors had no effect on the therapeutic effect. Conclusion: PER add-on treatment has a good therapeutic effect on ESES and can be used as an alternative to corticosteroid and benzodiazepines. The therapeutic effect of PER add-on treatment was not related to the dose. A longer ESES duration results in a worse therapeutic effect. Therefore, more aggressive treatment measures should be implemented for ESES. ER  - 
Microcephaly is associated with impaired educational development in children with congenital heart disease$$$ Objectives: This study aims to evaluate the school careers of patients with congenital heart disease (CHD) and microcephaly. Methods: An exploratory online survey was conducted on patients from a previous study on somatic development in children with CHD in 2018 (n = 2818). A total of 750 patients participated in the online survey (26.6%). This publication focuses on 91 patients (12.1%) diagnosed with CHD and microcephaly who participated in the new online survey. Results: Microcephaly was significantly associated with CHD severity (p < 0.001). Microcephalic patients suffered from psychiatric comorbidity two times as often (67.0%) as non-microcephalic patients (29.8%). In particular, the percentage of patients with developmental delay, intellectual debility, social disability, learning disorder, or language disorder was significantly increased in microcephalic CHD patients (p < 0.001). A total of 85.7% of microcephalic patients and 47.6% of non-microcephalic patients received early interventions to foster their development. The school enrollment of both groups was similar at approximately six years of age. However, 89.9% of non-microcephalic but only 51.6% of microcephalic patients were enrolled in a regular elementary school. Regarding secondary school, only half as many microcephalic patients (14.3%) went to grammar school, while the proportion of pupils at special schools was eight times higher. Supportive interventions, e.g., for specific learning disabilities, were used by 52.7% of microcephalic patients and 21.6% of non-microcephalic patients. Conclusion: Patients with CHD and microcephaly are at high risk for impaired educational development. Early identification should alert clinicians to provide targeted interventions to optimize the developmental potential. ER  - 
Prevalence of mental disorders, associated co-morbidities, health care knowledge and service utilization in Rwanda - towards a blueprint for promoting mental health care services in low- and middle-income countries?$$$ BACKGROUND: In order to respond to the dearth of mental health data in Rwanda where large-scale prevalence studies were not existing, Rwanda Mental Health Survey was conducted to measure the prevalence of mental disorders, associated co-morbidities and knowledge and utilization of mental health services nationwide within Rwanda. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted between July and August 2018, among the general population, including survivors of the 1994 Genocide against the Tutsi. Participants (14-65 years) completed the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview (Version 7.0.2), sociodemographic and epilepsy-related questionnaires. General population participants were selected first by random sampling of 240 clusters, followed by systematic sampling of 30 households per cluster. Genocide survivors within each cluster were identified using the 2007-2008 Genocide Survivors Census. RESULTS: Of 19,110 general survey participants, most were female (n = 11,233; 58.8%). Mental disorders were more prevalent among women (23.2%) than men (16.6%) (p < 0.05). The most prevalent mental disorders were major depressive episode (12.0%), panic disorder (8.1%) and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) (3.6%). Overall, 61.7% had awareness of mental health services while only 5.3% reported to have used existing services. Of the 1271 genocide survivors interviewed, 74.7% (n = 949) were female; prevalence of any mental disorder was 53.3% for women and 48.8% for men. Most prevalent disorders were major depressive episode (35.0%), PTSD (27.9%) and panic disorder (26.8%). Among genocide survivors, 76.2% were aware of availability of mental health services, with 14.1% reported having used mental health services. CONCLUSIONS: Despite high prevalence of mental disorders among the general population and genocide survivors, utilization of available mental health services was low. A comprehensive approach to mental health is needed for prevention of mental illness and to promote mental healthcare services. ER  - 
Insomnia and poor sleep quality are associated with poor seizure control in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to assess the presence of sleep disorders in patients with epilepsy and to analyse their association with seizure control. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study of patients with epilepsy, recruited consecutively between September 2017 and December 2018. Patients were classified as having good seizure control (no seizures in the last 4 weeks) or poor seizure control (at least one seizure in the last 4 weeks). We performed intergroup comparisons for demographic and clinical data, insomnia (Insomnia Severity Index [ISI]), excessive daytime sleepiness (Epworth Sleepiness Scale [ESS]), sleep quality (Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index [PSQI]), depression (Beck Depression Inventory-II [BDI-II]), and quality of life (Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-10 [QOLIE-10]). Results: The sample included a total of 123 patients, of whom 31.7% had excessive daytime sleepiness (ESS ≥ 10), 50.4% had insomnia (ISI ≥ 10), and 53.6% had poor sleep quality (PSQI ≥ 5). According to our multivariate analysis, presence of seizures was associated with unemployment (odds ratio [OR] = 4.7; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.36-19.2; P = .02), a higher number of antiepileptic drugs (OR = 5.87; 95% CI, 1.81-27.1; P < .001), insomnia (OR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-9.3; P = .04), and poor sleep quality (OR = 2.8; 95% CI, 1.9-10.32; P = .01). Conclusions: Sleep disorders are common in patients with epilepsy. Insomnia and poor sleep quality were associated with poor seizure control. These findings support the hypothesis that sleep disorders constitute a significant comorbidity of epilepsy, especially in patients with poor seizure control. ER  - 
Increased Risk of Postpartum Depression in Women With Allergic Rhinitis During Pregnancy: A Population-Based Case-Control Study$$$ Objectives: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is associated with increased risk of major depression in the general population, however, no previous study has evaluated its role among pregnant women. We aimed to investigate the potential impact of AR during pregnancy on the development of postpartum depression (PPD). Methods: This is a population-based case-control study. Data were retrieved from the National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD). Medical records of a total of 199 470 deliveries during 2000 and 2010 were identified. Among which, 1416 women with PPD within 12 months after delivery were classified as the case group, while 198 054 women without PPD after delivery formed the control group. Univariate and multivariate regression analyses were conducted to determine the associations between AR during pregnancies and other study variables with PPD. Results: AR during pregnancy was found in 9.53% women who developed PPD and 5.44% in women without PPD. After adjusting for age at delivery, income level, various pregnancy and delivery-related conditions, asthma, atopic dermatitis and other medical comorbidities in the multivariate analysis, AR was significantly associated with increased odds of PPD (aOR: 1.498, 95% CI: 1.222-1.836). Conclusion: AR during pregnancy was independently and significantly associated with an approximately 50% increased risk of PPD among women giving birth. Closely monitoring of AR is warranted in the future in order to optimize mother and child outcomes after delivery. ER  - 
Perinatal adversities in tuberous sclerosis complex: Determinants and neurodevelopmental outcomes$$$ Aim: To examine the association between perinatal adversities and neurodevelopmental outcome in tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). Method: The Tuberous Sclerosis 2000 study is a prospective, longitudinal UK study of TSC. In phase 1, mutation type, TSC family history, tuber characteristics, presence of cardiac rhabdomyomas, seizure characteristics, and intellectual ability were assessed in 125 children affected with TSC (64 females, 61 males; median age 39mo, range 4–254). In phase 2, 88 participants (49 females, 39 males; median age 148mo, range 93–323) were assessed for neurodevelopmental outcomes including intellectual ability, autism spectrum disorder, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Perinatal histories of 88 participants with TSC and 80 unaffected siblings were collected retrospectively using the Obstetric Enquiry Schedule and coded with a modified Gillberg Optimality Scale to measure levels of perinatal adversity. Data were analysed using Mann–Whitney U tests, Spearman's rank correlation, and linear regression with robust standard errors. Results: Children with familial TSC experienced significantly greater perinatal adversity than unaffected siblings. Perinatal adversity was higher in children with TSC-affected mothers than those with unaffected mothers. There was no significant association between perinatal adversities and neurodevelopmental outcomes after controlling for confounders. Interpretation: Maternal TSC is a significant marker of elevated perinatal risk in addition to risks incurred by fetal genotype. Pregnancies complicated by maternal or fetal TSC require higher vigilance, and mechanisms underlying increased perinatal adversity require further research. What this paper adds: Higher perinatal adversity is associated with familial tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). Maternal TSC was associated with higher frequencies of several perinatal risk markers. Paternal TSC was not associated with higher levels of perinatal adversity. Perinatal adversity levels in TSC1 and TSC2 subgroups did not differ significantly. Perinatal adversities were not associated with neurodevelopmental outcomes. ER  - 
A novel homozygous missense mutation in the FASTKD2 gene leads to Lennox-Gastaut syndrome$$$ FASTKD2 encodes an RNA-binding protein, which is a key post-transcriptional regulator of mitochondrial gene expression. Mutations in FASTKD2 have recently been found in mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, which is characterized by a deficiency in mitochondrial function. To date, seven patients have been reported. Six patients were identified with nonsense or frameshift mutations in the FASTKD2 gene, and only one patient harbored a missense mutation and a nonsense mutation. Here, we identified a novel FASTKD2 homozygous mutation, c.911 T > C, in a patient diagnosed with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. We observed that the expression of FASTKD2 and the levels of mitochondrial 16 S rRNA were lower in the patient than in the unaffected controls. In conclusion, the missense mutation c.911 T > C caused loss of function in FASTKD2, which was associated with a new phenotype, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. ER  - 
Obesity and neurodevelopmental and mental health conditions among adolescents aged 10–17 years: The National Survey of Children's Health 2017–2018$$$ Aim: Adolescents have a high prevalence of obesity and neurodevelopmental and mental health co-occurring conditions. This study examined the association between obesity and several co-occurring conditions – autism spectrum disorder (ASD); intellectual disability; learning disability; stuttering, stammering or other speech problems; developmental delay; attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder; epilepsy or seizure disorder; cerebral palsy; depression; anxiety; and Tourette Syndrome – in adolescents aged 10–17 years (n = 26 266) using 2017–2018 National Survey of Children's Health data. Methods: This cross-sectional study used 2017–2018 National Survey of Children's Health data (n = 27 328); χ2 tests were conducted to compare the prevalence of obesity and several co-occurring conditions. Multiple logistic regression was conducted to adjust for age, gender, race/ethnicity and household income. Results: Obesity prevalence was 15.3%. Adolescents with ASD (25.1%) and epilepsy/seizure disorder (27.8%) had the greatest obesity prevalence. Adjusting for socio-demographic characteristics, odds of obesity were higher in those with ASD (odds ratio (OR) 1.7, confidence interval (CI) 1.2–2.6), learning disability (OR 1.5, CI 1.2–2.0), epilepsy or seizure disorder (OR 2.2, CI 1.2–3.8) and depression (OR 2.0, CI 1.6–2.5). For all regression analyses, odds of obesity were higher among adolescents who were non-Hispanic Black, Hispanic and low-income. Conclusions: The increased prevalence of obesity in adolescents with ASD, learning disability, epilepsy or seizure disorder, and depression demonstrates the need to attend to their nutrition and physical activity needs. Future research should examine obesity risk factors among adolescents with specific neurodevelopmental and mental health conditions, as well as racial or ethnic minority and low-income populations, to properly tailor obesity prevention services. ER  - 
Does the Use of Rocuronium-Sugammadex Instead of Succinylcholine in Electroconvulsive Therapy Affect Seizure Duration?$$$ Objective We compared retrospectively the seizure variables of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) patients after administration of ro-curonium-sugammadex or succinylcholine as a muscle relaxant with propofol anesthesia. Methods The sample comprised 134 ECT patients. The mean age was 33.6±10.48 years. Anesthesia induction was provided with pro-pofol one mg kg-intravenously (IV) followed by succinylcholine 0.5 mg kg-1 IV (n=68) (Group S) or rocuronium 0.3 mg kg-1 IV (n=66) (Group R). For patients who were given rocuronium, reversal of the residual neuromuscular block was accomplished with sugammadex (1.5 mg kg-1 IV). First session seizure variables were compared between the two groups. We also presented the clinical outcome with Clinical Global Impression-Improvement (CGI-I) and overall adverse effects. Results EEG seizure durations in Group R (55.09±36.11 s) and Group S (47.00±26.33 s) were comparable and were not significantly different (p=0.432). The clinical efficacy of ECT measured by CGI-I in both groups was comparable (p=0.075). There were no major com-plications or death during or after ECT. Conclusion The results of this study show that the use of rocuronium-sugammadex as a neuromuscular blocker instead of succinylcho-line during ECT with propofol anesthesia produces similar results in terms of seizure variables and clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Treatment Regimens for Drug Resistant Tuberculosis: A Retrospective Observational Study$$$ Background and objective: India has one of the highest burdens of drug-resistant tuberculosis worldwide. The drug-resistant tuberculosis (DR-TB) also has become an alarming issue in recent time due to its constant spread throughout the world. Current regimens for drug-resistant tuberculosis are complicated, lengthy, and expensive compared to those used to treat drug-susceptible tuberculosis, leaving patients with much less effective treatment options. The objective of the study was to evaluate different regimens for drug-resistant tuberculosis in a tertiary care hospital from January 2015 to December 2019. Methodology: A retrospective observational study was conducted at Government General and Chest Hospital, Hyderabad, India. Patients with bacteriologically confirmed tuberculosis with evidence of resistance to Rifampicin and/or Isoniazid and Fluoroquinolones and/or Injectables and having an age above 18 years were included in the study. Results: 373 patients were included in the study and analyzed. Most of the patients were diagnosed with Multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (91.95%) and the most commonly prescribed regimen was a Shorter multi-drug resistant tuberculosis regimen (49.33%) followed by a longer multi-drug resistant tuberculosis regimen (42.63%), Bedaquiline regimen for extended drug-resistant tuberculosis(6.17%) and Regimen for Isoniazid Monoresistant tuberculosis (1.07%). The Shorter regimen was found to be successful in 33.15% whereas longer regimen was successful in 26.41% of patients. Around 23.32% of the patients experienced 122 adverse drug events. Gastrointestinal adverse events were found to be more common. Conclusion: The Shorter regimen was found to be slightly more successful when compared to longer regimens for the treatment of Multi-drug resistant tuberculosis, but was associated with a higher frequency of adverse drug events. ER  - 
Dorsal bed nucleus of stria terminalis in depressed and nondepressed temporal lobe epilepsy patients$$$ Objective: Temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) and depression are common comorbid disorders whose underlying shared neural network has yet to be determined. Although animal studies demonstrate a role for the dorsal bed nucleus of the stria terminalis (dBNST) in both seizures and depression, and human clinical studies demonstrate a therapeutic effect of stimulating this region on treatment-resistant depression, the role of the dBNST in depressed and nondepressed TLE patients is still unclear. Here, we tested the hypothesis that this structure is morphologically abnormal in these epilepsy patients, with an increased abnormality in TLE patients with comorbid depression. Methods: In this case-controlled study, 3-T structural magnetic resonance imaging scans were obtained from TLE patients with no depression (TLEonly), TLE patients with depression (TLEdep), and healthy control (HC) subjects. TLE subjects were recruited from the Yale University Comprehensive Epilepsy Center, diagnosed with the International League Against Epilepsy 2014 Diagnostic Guidelines, and confirmed by video-electroencephalography. Diagnosis of major depressive disorder was confirmed by a trained neuropsychologist through a Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition. The dBNST was delineated manually by reliable raters using Bioimage Suite software. Results: The number of patients and subjects included 35 TLEonly patients, 20 TLEdep patients, and 102 HC subjects. Both TLEonly and TLEdep patients had higher dBNST volumes compared to HC subjects, unilaterally in the left hemisphere in the TLEonly patients (p =.003) and bilaterally in the TLEdep patients (p <.0001). Furthermore, the TLEdep patients had a higher dBNST volume than the TLEonly patients in the right hemisphere (p =.02). Significance: Here, we demonstrate an abnormality of the dBNST in TLE patients, both without depression (left enlargement) and with depression (bilateral enlargement). Our results demonstrate this region to underlie TLE both with and without depression, implicating it as a target in treating the comorbidity between these two disorders. ER  - 
Practical considerations in epilepsy neurostimulation$$$ Neuromodulation is a key therapeutic tool for clinicians managing patients with drug-resistant epilepsy. Multiple devices are available with long-term follow-up and real-world experience. The aim of this review is to give a practical summary of available neuromodulation techniques to guide the selection of modalities, focusing on patient selection for devices, common approaches and techniques for initiation of programming, and outpatient management issues. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), deep brain stimulation of the anterior nucleus of the thalamus (DBS-ANT), and responsive neurostimulation (RNS) are all supported by randomized controlled trials that show safety and a significant impact on seizure reduction, as well as a suggestion of reduction in the risk of sudden unexplained death in epilepsy (SUDEP). Significant seizure reductions are observed after 3 months for DBS, RNS, and VNS in randomized controlled trials, and efficacy appears to improve with time out to 7 to 10 years of follow-up for all modalities, albeit in uncontrolled follow-up or retrospective studies. A significant number of patients experience seizure-free intervals of 6 months or more with all three modalities. Number and location of epileptogenic foci are important factors affecting efficacy, and together with comorbidities such as severe mood or sleep disorders, may influence the choice of modality. Programming has evolved—DBS is typically initiated at lower current/voltage than used in the pivotal trial, whereas target charge density is lower with RNS, however generalizable optimal parameters are yet to be defined. Noninvasive brain stimulation is an emerging stimulation modality, although it is currently not used widely. In summary, clinical practice has evolved from those established in pivotal trials. Guidance is now available for clinicians who wish to expand their approach, and choice of neuromodulation technique may be tailored to individual patients based on their epilepsy characteristics, risk tolerance, and preferences. ER  - 
Carbamazepine Therapy After Bariatric Surgery: Eight Sleeve Gastrectomy Cases and Review of the Literature$$$ Bariatric surgery modifies the anatomy and physiology of the gastrointestinal tract. Carbamazepine (CBZ) is an anticonvulsant with multiple neuropsychiatric indications. Given CBZ physicochemical properties and narrow therapeutic index, bariatric surgery may potentially introduce clinically significant changes in CBZ oral absorption and bioavailability. In this communication, we describe eight patients undergoing sleeve gastrectomy (SG) and treated with CBZ, including therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) and dosage adjustments at different timeframes before vs. after the surgery (< 3, 4–6, and 7–12 months post-SG), as well as clinical outcomes. We then provide a review of the available literature on CBZ therapy among bariatric patients, concluding with a mechanistic analysis of the results. Four of the eight patients presented with decreased post-SG CBZ levels, and two of them also experienced significant worsening of their previously well-controlled disease. Overall, altered CBZ levels are likely for at least a year after SG. Clinical recommendations include consultation with a clinical pharmacist, careful clinical monitoring, and periodic TDM after (vs. before) the bariatric surgery. ER  - 
Changes in obesity and BMI among children and adolescents with selected chronic conditions during the COVID-19 pandemic$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to examine COVID-19 pandemic-related changes in obesity and BMI among patients aged 5 to <20 years with selected chronic conditions. Methods: A longitudinal study in 293,341 patients aged 5 to <20 years who were prescribed one of five medication classes (for depression, psychosis, hypertension, diabetes, or epilepsy) and who had BMI measures from January 2019 to March 2021 was conducted. Generalized estimating equations and linear mixed-effects models were used, accounting for within-child repeated measures and stratified by age, race, ethnicity, gender, and class of medication prescribed, to compare obesity and BMI z score during the pandemic (June through December 2020) versus pre-pandemic (June through December 2019). Results: Obesity prevalence increased from 23.8% before the pandemic to 25.5% during the pandemic; mean (SD) BMI z score increased from 0.62 (1.26) to 0.65 (1.29). Obesity prevalence during the pandemic increased at a faster rate compared with pre-pandemic among children aged 5 to <13 years (0.27% per month; 95% CI: 0.11%-0.44%) and 13 to <18 years (0.24% per month; 95% CI: 0.09%-0.40%), with the largest increases among children aged 5 to <13 years who were male (0.42% per month), Black (0.35% per month), or Hispanic (0.59% per month) or who were prescribed antihypertensives (0.28% per month). Conclusions: The COVID-19 pandemic has exacerbated the obesity epidemic and widened disparities among children with selected chronic conditions. These findings highlight the importance of continuing efforts to specifically help high-risk populations who are experiencing weight gain from the pandemic. ER  - 
Hydroxychloroquine and immunosuppressant adherence patterns and their association with subsequent hospitalization rates among children with systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Objectives: Using a representative sample of children with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in the United States, we characterized prescription claim-based hydroxychloroquine and immunosuppressant adherence estimates and evaluated their concurrent and predictive validity. Methods: We identified children ages 5–18 with SLE in the Truven Health MarketScan® Commercial and Medicaid claims databases (2013–2018). Among new users of hydroxychloroquine and immunosuppressant medications, we calculated proportion of days covered (PDC) over 365 days to estimate adherence by user group (mycophenolate, azathioprine, methotrexate, and any immunosuppressant use). Agreement between adherence estimates was evaluated with intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) and kappa statistics. Separate negative binomial regression models were used to estimate associations between (a) hydroxychloroquine, (b) immunosuppressant, or (c) concurrent immunosuppressant/hydroxychloroquine non-adherence and subsequent hospitalizations, adjusted for baseline demographics, disease severity, and healthcare utilization. Results: Among 423 new hydroxychloroquine/immunosuppressant users, 63% were Medicaid recipients. Sufficient adherence (PDC≥80%) ranged from 33 to 45% for immunosuppressants vs. 51–52% for hydroxychloroquine. Agreement between hydroxychloroquine and immunosuppressant adherence was modest overall, but better for mycophenolate (ICC 0.55) than methotrexate (0.27). Hydroxychloroquine non-adherence was associated with a 2.9-fold higher incidence of subsequent hospitalizations (95% CI [1.2–7.1]), whereas immunosuppressant and concurrent non-adherence were associated with 5.9 [2.4–14.6] and 5.6-fold [2.0–15.5] increased incidence, respectively. Use of concurrent adherence improved upon estimation of hospitalization risk compared to hydroxychloroquine adherence, but not immunosuppressant adherence alone. Conclusions: Hydroxychloroquine adherence is an imperfect proxy for adherence to other lupus medications among children with SLE, and therefore assessing immunosuppressant adherence concurrently adds value to hydroxychloroquine adherence assessments. Prescription claims-based immunosuppressant adherence measures are predictive of acute care utilization and may inform population management strategies. ER  - 
Spectrum and prevalence of side effects and complications with guideline-directed therapies for congenital long QT syndrome$$$ Background: β-Blockers (BBs), sodium channel blockers (SCBs), left cardiac sympathetic denervation (LCSD), and implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICDs) are used to prevent or counter long QT syndrome (LQTS)–triggered syncope, seizures, and sudden cardiac death. The spectrum and extent of side effects/complications associated with these guideline-directed therapies (GDTs) remain unknown. Objective: The purpose of this study was to identify the types/prevalence of treatment-associated side effects/complications for patients with the most common LQTS subtypes after GDT. Methods: Retrospective analysis was performed on 1310 patients with type 1, 2, or 3 LQTS evaluated in Mayo Clinic's Windland Smith Rice Genetic Heart Rhythm Clinic (average age at the time of diagnosis 22 ± 18 years; average length of follow-up 5 ± 5 years) and treated with ≥1 of the common GDTs for LQTS. Results: BBs were used in 1102 (84%), SCBs in 104 (8%), LCSD in 197 (15%), and an ICD was used in 251 (19%) patients. Overall, 727 (55%) patients reported at least 1 treatment-associated side effect/complication. A total of 490 of 1102 patients treated with BBs (44%) reported side effects, with fatigue (381 [35%]) being the most common; 28 of 104 SCB-treated patients (27%) reported side effects, most common being gastrointestinal distress/vomiting (18 [17%]); 80 of 197 patients (41%) reported side effects after LCSD, most reporting neuropathic pain (57 [29%]); and 129 of 251 patients (51%) experienced ≥1 complication after ICD implantation, including inappropriate shocks (46 [18%]). Conclusion: Although LQTS-triggered sudden cardiac death is uncommon in the properly treated patient, this study demonstrates that contemporary GDTs for LQTS are not innocuous. Their treatment-related side effects are not trivial and should compel an ongoing quest for new LQTS therapies. ER  - 
Dietary pattern as a predictor of multimorbidity patterns: A population-based cross-sectional study with women$$$ Background and aims: Multimorbidity is a common health condition, and the relationship between different patterns of multimorbidity and food consumption through dietary patterns needs to be determined. This study aimed to investigate the association between dietary patterns and multimorbidity patterns in women. Methods: This population-based cross-sectional study included 1128 women (aged 20–69 years) living in southern Brazil. We identified multimorbidity patterns using principal component analysis, and the main exposure of the study was three dietary patterns, as derived in a previous study: healthy, risk, and Brazilian patterns. Using Poisson regression with robust variance, the scores of multimorbidity patterns (high/low) were evaluated using different adjustment models. Results: Three patterns of multimorbidity were derived: cardiometabolic (dyslipidemia, circulatory disorders, hypertension, diabetes), endocrine–articular (thyroid diseases, osteoporosis/osteopenia, rheumatic diseases), and psychosomatic (chronic pain, common mental disorders, acid-related digestive disorders). In the relationship between the dietary patterns and multimorbidity patterns, after adjustment, it was observed that a greater adherence to the Brazilian dietary pattern was associated with a lower probability of a high score for the cardiometabolic pattern (PR = 0.68; 95% CI: 0.51–0.89) and psychosomatic pattern (PR = 0.63; 95% CI: 0.47–0.84). Greater adherence to the healthy dietary pattern was associated with a higher probability of a high score for the cardiometabolic pattern (PR = 1.69; 95% CI: 1.27–2.25) and endocrine–articular pattern (PR = 2.05; 95% CI: 1.39–3.02). The risk dietary pattern did not demonstrate an association after adjustment was implemented. Conclusions: This study provides the first evidence of an association between dietary patterns and multimorbidity patterns. Greater adherence to the Brazilian dietary pattern was a protective factor for a high score for the cardiometabolic and psychosomatic pattern in women. Dietary orientation should be considered in guidelines related to multimorbidity, constituting part of the prevention and management strategies for this condition. ER  - 
Tackling increased risks in older adults with intellectual disability and epilepsy: Data from a national multicentre cohort study$$$ Purpose: People with intellectual disabilities (ID) suffer multimorbidity, polypharmacy and excess mortality at a younger age than general population. Those with ID and epilepsy are at higher risk of worse clinical outcomes than their peers without epilepsy. In the ID population the health profile of those aged ≥40 years can be compared to those aged over 65 in the general population. To date there is limited data available to identify clinical characteristics and risk factors in older adults (≥40 years) with ID and epilepsy. Methods: The Epilepsy in ID National Audit (Epi-IDNA) identified 904 patients with ID and epilepsy from 10 sites in England and Wales. This subsequent analysis of the Epi-IDNA cohort compared the 405 adults over 40 years with 499 adults ≥18 years aged under 40 years. Comparison was made between clinical characteristics and established risk factors using the Sudden Unexpected Death in Epilepsy (SUDEP) and Seizure Safety Checklist. Results: The older adults’ cohort had significantly higher levels of co-morbid physical health conditions, mental health conditions, anti-seizure medications (median 5), and antipsychotics compared to the younger cohort. The older group were significantly less likely to be diagnosed with a co-morbid neurodevelopmental disorder, and to have an epilepsy care plan. Conclusion: This is the largest study to date focused on adults with ID and epilepsy over 40 years. The ≥40 years cohort compared to the younger group has higher levels of clinical risk factors associated with multi-morbidity, potential iatrogenic harm and premature mortality with worse clinical oversight mechanisms. ER  - 
Mismatch Negativity is associated with affective social behavior in microcephaly$$$ Some children with severe microcephaly related to Zika virus infection show affective social-like behavior, such as smiling and rejection to a stranger's lap. Our objective was to check the association between this behavior and the occurrence of Mismatch Response (MMR) in event-related potentials. Twenty eight microcephalic children, aged 1–3 years, were divided in Affect(+) and Affect(−) groups, according to either the presence or absence of affective social-like behavior, respectively, and underwent the OddBall paradigm with vowels as auditory stimuli. MMR was statistically estimated comparing MMR sample means between both groups. The Affect(+) group significantly differed from the Affect(−) group and, as opposed to the latter, showed MMR as Mismatch Negativity (MMN) in the left occipital, left and right posterior temporal, and (especially) the right and median parietal leads. The relationship observed between MMN and affective social-like behavior suggests that these children may have cognitive mechanisms capable of providing some social interaction, despite their profound neurological dysfunction. MMN diagnostic techniques seem to be promising for the triage of microcephalic subjects regarding cognitive functions and for choosing a strategy for some social adaptation. ER  - 
5-year risk of “adult-onset” chronic diseases during childhood and adolescent transitioning for individuals with cerebral palsy$$$ Epidemiologic evidence documenting risk of chronic diseases as children with cerebral palsy age throughout growth is lacking to inform prevention strategies. The objective was to characterize the 5-year risk of chronic diseases that are typically associated with advanced aging among < 1–13 year olds with cerebral palsy and effects by patient-level factors. This retrospective cohort study used nationwide commercial administrative claims from 01/01/2001–12/31/2018 from children < 1–13 years old with ≥ 5 years of mostly continuous insurance enrollment. The 5-year risk of chronic diseases was examined for the entire cohort with and without cerebral palsy and then by baseline age group (<1–2, 3–5, 6–8, 9–11, 12–13 years old), including cardiorespiratory, metabolic, kidney, and liver diseases, cancer, depression, and osteoarthritis. For cerebral palsy, the association between 5-year chronic disease rate and patient-level factors was assessed using Cox regression. Children with (n = 5,559) vs without (n = 2.3 million) cerebral palsy had a higher 5-year risk of all chronic diseases when comparing the entire cohorts (relative risk, 1.19 to 64.26, all P < 0.05) and most chronic diseases when comparing cohorts for each age group. Among children with cerebral palsy, there were effects by gender, co-occurring intellectual disabilities and/or epilepsy, and wheelchair use for some chronic diseases, which can help to identify at-risk children. This study provides novel epidemiologic evidence of 5-year risk of “adult-onset” chronic diseases for children with cerebral palsy during important developmental stages, and associated patient-level factors (to enhance clinical detection). Findings may inform when to implement prevention strategies and who may be more at risk. ER  - 
Is the Precipitation of Anxiety Symptoms Associated with Bolus Doses of Flumazenil a Barrier to Its Use at Low Continuous Doses in Benzodiazepine Withdrawal?$$$ Introduction: Benzodiazepines (BZDs) are used in the management of anxiety and sleep disorders; however, chronic use is associated with tolerance and dependence. During withdrawal, symptoms of anxiety are often severe and problematic for patients and may lead to relapse or maintenance on low doses of BZDs. Low, continuous doses of flumazenil reduce BZD withdrawal symptoms in several studies; however, bolus doses are known to induce anxiety and precipitate panic. Accordingly, this study aimed to determine whether continuous low-dose flumazenil is anxiogenic like bolus doses. Method: In a randomised control cross over design, participants received a continuous low-dose flumazenil infusion for eight days at an approximate rate of 4 mg/24 h or placebo before crossing over to the alternate study arm. Participants were able to request diazepam as needed. The primary outcome was the change in state anxiety levels. Trait anxiety was also recorded at baseline and one month after the flumazenil/placebo infusion period. Results: BZD use was significantly reduced in both groups. There were no significant differences between state anxiety and the 95% confidence interval showed no evidence of a clinically significant anxiogenic effect from low-dose flumazenil. Trait anxiety was significantly reduced one month after the infusion period. Conclusion: There is no evidence that continuous low-dose flumazenil infusion significantly increases state anxiety levels to a clinically significant level. Interestingly, flumazenil may decrease state anxiety during BZD withdrawal, unlike bolus doses of flumazenil. Flumazenil may have an anxiolytic effect on trait anxiety, which was evident one month after treatment. ER  - 
Severity features of suicide attempters with epilepsy$$$ Background: After the Food and Drug Administration alert about antiepileptic medication and suicide, incident epilepsy has been associated with first or recurrent suicide attempts independently of psychiatric comorbidities and antiepileptic treatment. Following this thread, the aim of this study was to analyze if epilepsy was associated with a higher severity of lifetime suicide attempts (SAs). Methods: Analyses were carried out on 1677 adults hospitalized between 1999 and 2012 after a SA in a specialized ward for affective episodes. Five severity features were studied: frequent SAs (>2), early onset of first SA (≤26 years), history of violent SA, high suicide intent and high lethality of the SA. Adjusted logistic regression models were used to estimate the association between the lifetime diagnosis of epilepsy and the severity features. Results: Among suicide attempters, ninety-three patients reported a lifetime diagnosis of epilepsy (5.5%). Epileptic patients diagnosed after the first SA were more likely to be frequent suicide attempters than non-epileptic ones. They showed also higher SA planification scores. Limitations: Diagnosis accuracy is limited by the use of self-reports for epilepsy. The lack of precise information about the disease course and treatment have not allowed for further statistical analysis. With regard to psychiatric comorbidities, personality disorders could not be taken into account. Conclusions: Suicide attempters with epilepsy present an increased severity in some aspects of their suicidal behavior regardless of demographic and clinical variables. Our results give support to the existence of a bidirectional association between epilepsy and suicidal behavior. ER  - 
Cognition, adaptive skills and epilepsy disability/severity in patients with Lennox–Gastaut syndrome undergoing deep brain stimulation for epilepsy in the ESTEL trial$$$ Purpose: We previously reported seizure and EEG outcomes of the ESTEL study (Electrical Stimulation of Thalamus for Epilepsy of Lennox–Gastaut phenotype). To assess potential cognitive and behavioral changes during chronic, duty-cycle stimulation of bilateral thalamic centromedian nucleus, we compared standardized cognitive and behavioral measurements, as well as caregiver assessments of disability/severity, before implantation and after 3-months stimulation. Methods: Twenty patients with LGS (17–37 years;13 females) were studied; one participant was not randomized due to DBS device removal, with outcomes of 19 remaining participants reported here. Cognitive and behavioral measurements were performed at baseline (i.e., before DBS implantation), at the end of the blinded stimulation phase, and at study exit. Instruments measured cognition (NIH toolbox cognitive battery, NIHTB-CB), adaptive skills (ABAS-3), epilepsy severity (GASE) and disability (GAD), quality of life (QOLIE-31), and depression (PHQ-9). Changes in scores after 3-months of stimulation relative to baseline were explored using Wilcoxon matched-pairs signed rank tests. Results: After 3-months of stimulation, caregiver-reported epilepsy severity (GASE) and disability (GAD) improved (p<0.05). No other instrument showed a significant change from baseline. Measurements that required direct participant involvement, rather than caregivers, was completed by only a subset of higher-functioning individuals (NIHTB-CB, n = 13; QOLIE-31, n = 3; and PHQ-9, n = 6). In addition to cognitive impairments, behavioral and physical limitations were common obstacles to instrument completion. Standardized scores were hindered by ‘floor effects’; however, raw scores better reflected clinical impressions of participants’ functioning and were more sensitive to caregiver-reported changes following treatment. Conclusion: DBS treatment is associated with reduced epilepsy severity and disability in young adults with LGS. Performing cognitive and behavioral outcome measurement in patients with cognitive impairment is challenging but possible and requires careful selection of instruments and modifications of score interpretation to avoid floor effects. ER  - 
Clinical Utility of Eye Tracking in Assessing Distractibility in Children with Neurological Disorders or ADHD: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ This study aims to investigate distractibility quantified by recording and analyzing eye movements during task-irrelevant distraction in children with and without ADHD and in children with and without neurological disorders. Gaze behavior data and press latencies of 141 participants aged 6–17 that were collected during a computerized distraction paradigm with task-irrelevant stimuli (IDistrack) were analyzed. Children using attention-regulating medication were excluded from participation. Data were analyzed for subgroups that were formed based on the presence of neurological disorders and the presence of ADHD separately. Participants with ADHD and participants with neurological disorders spent less time fixating on the target stimuli compared to their peers without ADHD (p = 0.025) or their peers without neurological disorders (p < 0.001). Participants with and without ADHD had equal press latencies (p = 0.79). Participants with neurological disorders had a greater press latency compared to their typically developing peers (p < 0.001). Target fixation duration shows a significant association with parent-reported attention problems (r = −0.39, p < 0.001). We conclude that eye tracking during a distraction task reveals potentially valid clinical information that may contribute to the assessment of dysfunctional attentional processes. Further research on the validity and reliability of this paradigm is recommended. ER  - 
The Efficacy and Tolerability of Electroconvulsive Therapy in Psychiatric Patients with Arachnoid Cysts: A Retrospective Chart Study$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective therapy for many psychiatric illnesses. However, intracranial occupying lesions are a relative contraindication to ECT. Arachnoid cysts are benign, congenital, and space-occupying lesions. Our study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of ECT in psychiatric patients with arachnoid cysts. We retrospectively identified 62 psychiatric patients with arachnoid cysts; 43 of them underwent ECT and 19 did not. Their conditions were assessed by CGI-S and different scales depending on different diagnoses (PANSS for schizophrenia; HAMD for depression; YMRS for bipolar disorder). The side effect was assessed by TESS. Significant differences were shown in the reduced scores of the CGI-S between patients who underwent ECT and those who did not (p = 0.001), while, at the same time, there was no significant difference in their TESS score (p = 0.297). The current study found that ECT is an effective and tolerable therapy for psychiatric patients with arachnoid cysts. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of clonazepam in patients with hemifacial spasm: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Hemifacial spasm (HFS) is an involuntary intermittent twitching of the facial muscles. Medical and surgical treatments can be considered for HFS. Among medical treatments, clonazepam is a benzodiazepine used to treat epilepsy, psychiatric symptoms, and movement disorders. This study aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of clonazepam for the treatment of HFS. Methods: This randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial prospectively enrolled patients with HFS aged 20–79 years. The patients were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either clonazepam (0.5 mg twice daily) or a placebo for 4 weeks. All participants underwent clinical assessment and laboratory tests at baseline and visit 2. The primary endpoint was the clinical global impression-improvement (CGI-I) score at visit 2. Results: A total of 34 patients with HFS assessed for eligibility were enrolled between April 2015 and November 2016. Among them, two patients were withdrawn before randomization. Thus, the intention-to-treat analysis included 32 patients with HFS. The median CGI-I scores at visit 2 did not differ significantly between the clonazepam (3; range 1–6) and placebo (3.5; range 3–5) groups. In the safety analysis, only mild or no serious adverse events were observed. Conclusion: The results of this study demonstrated the safety of clonazepam in patients with HFS. However, clonazepam did not show a statistically significant effect on HFS. Further studies are needed to provide evidence of the clinical benefits in patients with HFS. ER  - 
Outcome of Agenesis of the Corpus Callosum Diagnosed by Fetal MRI$$$ Background: Fetal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is increasingly utilized for prenatal diagnosis of agenesis of the corpus callosum (ACC). This study aimed to (1) describe cases of ACC diagnosed by fetal MRI, (2) determine the frequency of postnatal confirmation by MRI, and (3) understand postnatal outcomes of infants with ACC. Methods: Maternal records from Children's National Hospital between January 2012 and June 2019 with a prenatal neurological consultation, fetal MRI, and ACC on imaging were included. Maternal, prenatal, and postnatal infant data were collected. Each case was categorized as complete or partial ACC and isolated or complex ACC by fetal MRI and group comparisons of outcomes were analyzed. Results: A total of 127 maternal-fetal dyads with ACC were categorized into 45 isolated-complete, 17 isolated-partial, 46 complex-complete, and 19 complex-partial ACC. Of 75 live births, 72 had postnatal evaluations. In 43 of 59 (73%) cases with postnatal neuroimaging, prenatal ACC subcategory was confirmed. Children with isolated or complex and with partial or complete ACC had similar rates of developmental delays and epilepsy. Complex ACC cases had worse outcomes than isolated ACC, with complex ACC having more postnatal dysmorphisms and abnormal feeding and vision compared with isolated ACC. Similar neurodevelopmental outcomes were seen for partial and complete ACC. Conclusions: Children with isolated or complex ACC and with partial or complete ACC have a range of neurodevelopmental outcomes. Fetal and postnatal brain MRI is a valuable tool to understand differences of the corpus callosum that can guide genetic testing, prenatal counseling, and postnatal care. ER  - 
Multidimensional psychopathological profile differences between patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and epileptic seizure disorders$$$ Objective: Early differential diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and epileptic seizures (ES) remains difficult. Self-reported psychopathology is often elevated in patients with PNES, although relatively few studies have examined multiple measures of psychopathology simultaneously. This study aimed to identify differences in multidimensional psychopathology profiles between PNES and ES patient groups. Method: This was a retrospective case-control study involving patients admitted for video-EEG monitoring (VEM) over a two-year period. Clinicodemographic variables and psychometric measures of depression, anxiety, dissociation, childhood trauma, maladaptive personality traits, and cognition were recorded. Diagnosis of PNES or ES was determined by multidisciplinary assessment and consensus opinion. General linear mixed models (GLMMs) were used to investigate profile differences between diagnostic groups across psychometric measures. A general psychopathology factor was then computed using principal components analysis (PCA) and differences between groups in this ‘p’ factor were investigated. Results: 261 patients (77 % with ES and 23 % with PNES) were included in the study. The PNES group endorsed greater symptomatology with GLMM demonstrating a significant main effect of group (η2p = 0.05) and group by measure interaction (η2p = 0.03). Simple effects analysis indicated that the PNES group had particularly elevated scores for childhood trauma (β = 0.78), dissociation (β = 0.70), and depression (β = 0.60). There was a high correlation between psychopathology measures, with a single p factor generated to explain 60 % variance in the psychometric scores. The p factor was elevated in the PNES group (β = 0.61). ROC curve analysis indicated that these psychometric measures had limited usefulness when considered individually (AUC range = 0.63–0.69). Conclusion: Multidimensional psychopathological profile differences exist between patients with PNES and ES. Patients with PNES report more psychopathology overall, with particular elevations in childhood trauma, dissociation, and depression. Although not suitable to be used as a standalone screening tool to differentiate PNES and ES, understanding of these profiles at a construct level might help triage patients and guide further psychiatric examination and enquiry. ER  - 
Perceived stress, resilience, and stress coping in patients with drug resistant epilepsy and functional dissociative seizures$$$ Purpose: Depression and anxiety are psychiatric disorders related to chronic stress, commonly found in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) and functional dissociative seizures (FDS). The present study compares the levels of perceived stress, resilience, and the styles of stress coping among patients with DRE (n=60), FDS (n=28), and controls (n=31). Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study. All patients underwent Video Electroencephalography to confirm the diagnosis and completed the psychiatric assessment (SCID I and II of DSM IV) supported by several instruments validated in Spanish. Results: FDS scored higher in perceived stress (p = 0.004) with lower levels of resilience compared to controls (p = 0.01). Stress coping subscales show higher scores in negative self-focus and hostility in patients with FDS compared to controls (p=0.003). Similarly, DRE patients scored higher in perceived stress (p = 0.001), and presented lower levels of resilience (p = 0.004) with higher levels of hostility compared to controls (p=0.02). However, no significant differences were found between FDS and DRE on stress coping variables. Anxiety scores and depression rates were higher in the FDS group compared to DRE (p=0.008) and higher in DRE compared to controls (p<0.05). A positive correlation between depression and perceived stress was found (r = 0.6, p=0.0001). Conclusions: Our results delineate a more detailed picture of the psychological profile of this population, emphasizing the importance of stress factors in patients with FDS and DRE. Combined intervention strategies which enhance stress coping may be appropriate to direct treatment and psychotherapy. ER  - 
QT interval alterations in epilepsy: A thorough investigation between epilepsy subtypes$$$ Objectives: Cardiac disturbances and rhythm abnormalities which potentially lead sudden unexpected death in epilepsy, have been extensively studied in focal epilepsies. However, studies including generalized epilepsies are scarce and it is not clear whether electrocardiogram parameters reflecting vulnerability to ventricular arrhythmias differ between these groups. Methods: Medical records of patients who were followed in epilepsy department of a tertiary center between October 2015 and September 2016 were retrospectively reviewed. 66 generalized and 64 focal epilepsy patients with eligible electrophysiological data were analyzed. QTc interval, QTcd and other electrocardiographic indices were compared between patients with focal vs generalized epilepsy. Another analysis was performed in order to disclose any difference between patients with epilepsy (n:130) and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. A two-tailed p value < 0.05 was considered significant. Results: There was no difference in terms of QTc and QTcd between patients with focal and generalized epilepsy [median: 406 ms vs 404 ms, p = 0.119; and median: 46 ms vs 44 ms, p = 0.497, respectively]. However patients with epilepsy were found to have longer QTc and QTcd when compared to ones with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (p = 0.035 and p < 0.001, respectively). Conclusion: Current findings demonstrate that patients with epilepsy have longer QTc and QTcd than patients with pure psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. Since there was no difference between patients with focal and generalized epilepsy; QTc interval, QTcd and potential susceptibility to cardiac arrhythmias as a result, could be a consequence of epilepsy itself regardless of origin. ER  - 
A retrospective cohort study of new-onset refractory status epilepticus (NORSE): clinical features, timing of immunotherapy and outcomes$$$ Objective. To describe clinical characteristics associated with immunotherapy in patients with new-onset refractory status epilepticus (NORSE) and assess its timing and effect on outcomes at hospital discharge after six and 12 months of follow-up. Our secondary aim was to apply the cryptogenic NORSE (C-NORSE) score to subjects in order to evaluate its utility in identifying C-NORSE in our cohort. Methods. This was a retrospective single university hospital cohort study (2004-2021) of adults and children with NORSE. First-line immunotherapy was defined as corticosteroids, intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg), and plasmapheresis (PLEX). Early immunotherapy was defined as administration of a first-line agent within seven days of presentation. Results. Twenty-one subjects with NORSE were identified between 2004 and 2021, which was cryptogenic in 18 and immune-mediated in three. All patients received immunotherapy. Seventeen patients received early immunotherapy (81%). There was no significant difference between early versus late immunotherapy regarding “good or favorable” outcomes (mRS 0-2) at hospital discharge or during follow-up. For cryptogenic NORSE patients, 7/11 (64%) achieved good outcomes at six months, 9/11 (82%) at 12 months, and 8/10 (80%) at the last follow-up visit at >13 months. For immune-mediated NORSE patients, 3/3 (100%) achieved good outcomes at six months and 2/2 (100%) at the last follow-up visit at >13 months. In our cohort, a C-NORSE score of ≥5 was obtained in 12/18 (67%) of cryptogenic cases and a score <5 in all three immune-mediated cases. Significance. There is a paucity of published data on the timing of immunotherapy for NORSE. Although at our institution early administration of immunotherapy is feasible, more research is needed to determine which patients may benefit from immunotherapy and if the timing of immunotherapy affects short and long-term outcomes. Among the patients who survived hospitalization, long-term follow-up of our NORSE cohort demonstrated that a subset achieved good mRS (0-2) scores. ER  - 
All-cause and cause-specific mortality among people with severe mental illness in Brazil's public health system, 2000–15: a retrospective study$$$ Background: People with severe mental illness have a mortality rate higher than the general population, living an average of 10–20 years less. Most studies of mortality among people with severe mental illness have occurred in high-income countries (HICs). We aimed to estimate all-cause and cause-specific relative risk (RR) and excess mortality rate (EMR) in a nationwide cohort of inpatients with severe mental illness compared with inpatients without severe mental illness in a middle income country, Brazil. Methods: This national retrospective cohort study included all patients hospitalised through the Brazilian Public Health System (Sistema Único de Saúde [SUS]-Brazil) between Jan 1, 2000, and April 21, 2015. Probabilistic and deterministic record linkages integrated data from the Hospital Information System (Sistema de informações Hospitalares) and the National Mortality System (Sistema de Informação sobre Mortalidade). Follow-up duration was measured from the date of the patients’ first hospitalisation until their death, or until April 21, 2015. Severe mental illness was defined as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, or depressive disorder by ICD-10 codes used for the admission. RR and EMR were calculated with 95% CIs, comparing mortality among patients with severe mental illness with those with other diagnoses for patients aged 15 years and older. We redistributed deaths using the Global Burden of Diseases, Injuries, and Risk Factors Study methodology if ill-defined causes of death were stated as an underlying cause. Findings: From Jan 1, 2000, to April 21, 2015, 72 021 918 patients (31 510 035 [43·8%] recorded as male and 40 974 426 [56·9%] recorded as female; mean age 41·1 (SD 23·8) years) were admitted to hospital, with 749 720 patients (372 458 [49·7%] recorded as male and 378 670 [50·5%] as female) with severe mental illness. 5 102 055 patient deaths (2 862 383 [56·1%] recorded as male and 2 314 781 [45·4%] as female) and 67 485 deaths in patients with severe mental illness (39 099 [57·9%] recorded as male and 28 534 [42·3%] as female) were registered. The RR for all-cause mortality in patients with severe mental illness was 1·27 (95% CI 1·27–1·28) and the EMR was 2·52 (2·44–2·61) compared with non-psychiatric inpatients during the follow-up period. The all-cause RR was higher for females and for younger age groups; however, EMR was higher in those aged 30–59 years. The RR and EMR varied across the leading causes of death, sex, and age groups. We identified injuries (suicide, interpersonal violence, and road injuries) and cardiovascular disease (ischaemic heart disease) as having the highest EMR among those with severe mental illness. Data on ethnicity were not available. Interpretation: In contrast to studies from HICs, inpatients with severe mental illness in Brazil had high RR for idiopathic epilepsy, tuberculosis, HIV, and acute hepatitis, and no significant difference in mortality from cancer compared with inpatients without severe mental illness. These identified causes should be addressed as a priority to maximise mortality prevention among people with severe mental illness, especially in a middle-income country like Brazil that has low investment in mental health. Funding: Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Fundação de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado de Minas Gerais, FAPEMIG, and the Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior—Brasil. ER  - 
Comparisons of impulsivity among patients with different subtypes of epilepsy$$$ Purpose: This study assessed whether patients with epilepsy have a higher level of impulsivity than healthy controls, and compared impulsivity among patients with different subtypes of epilepsy. Methods: The multicenter study included 108 subjects with epilepsy and 56 healthy volunteers. Subjects were evaluated by the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale-11 (BIS-11) and Patient Health Questionnaire-9, with BIS-11 scores analyzed as both dichotomized and continuous variables. High impulsivity was defined as a total BIS-11 score ≥ 67. Results: Of the 108 subjects with epilepsy, 36 had idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE), 47 had temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE), and 25 had frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE). A significantly higher percentage of subjects with epilepsy (22.2%) than controls (1.8%) had BIS-11 scores ≥ 67 (p = 0.001), although mean BIS-11 scores were similar in subjects with epilepsy (59.5 ± 10.0) and controls (58.8 ± 4.6). Higher percentages of subjects with IGE and FLE had BIS-11 scores ≥ 67 than subjects with TLE and controls. Mean total BIS-11 scores did not differ between controls and subjects with IGE and FLE, but were lower in subjects with TLE than in controls. Differences in impulsivity among controls and subjects with epilepsy subtypes varied depending on BIS-11 subscale. Conclusions: Patients with epilepsy, particularly IGE and FLE, were more likely to have high impulsivity scores, defined by a certain cutoff on the BIS-11, than controls and subjects with TLE. However, mean impulsivity scores did not differ among controls and subjects with IGE and FLE. Dichotomizing BIS-11 scores may be necessary to avoid false negative results in subjects with epilepsy. ER  - 
Use of cyproheptadine hydrochloride (HCl) to reduce neuromuscular hypertonicity in stroke survivors: A Randomized Trial: Reducing Hypertonicity in Stroke$$$ Objectives: The goal of this study was to examine how the administration and dosing of the anti-serotonergic medication cyproheptadine hydrochloride (HCl) affects involuntary muscle hypertonicity of the spastic and paretic hands of stroke survivors. Materials and Methods: A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled longitudinal intervention study was performed as a component of a larger clinical trial. 94 stroke survivors with chronic, severe hand impairment, rated as levels 2 or 3 on the Chedoke-McMaster Stroke Assessment Stage of Hand (CMSA-H), were block randomized to groups receiving doses of cyproheptadine HCl or matched doses of placebo. Doses were increased from 4 mg BID to 8 mg TID over 3 weeks. Outcomes were assessed at baseline and after each of the three weeks of intervention. Primary outcome measure was grip termination time; other measures included muscle strength, spasticity, coactivation of the long finger flexors, and recording of potential adverse effects such as sleepiness and depression. Results: 89 participants (receiving cyproheptadine HCl: 44, receiving placebo: 45) completed the study. The Cyproheptadine group displayed significant reduction in grip termination time, in comparison with the Placebo group (p<0.05). Significant change in the Cyproheptadine group (45% time reduction) was observed after only one week at the 4mg BID dosage. The effect was pronounced for those participants in the Cyproheptadine group with more severe hand impairment (CMSA-H level 2) at baseline. Conversely, no significant effect of Group * Session interaction was observed for spasticity (p=0.6) or coactivation (p=0.53). There were no significant changes in strength (p=0.234) or depression (p=0.441) during the trial. Conclusions: Use of cyproheptadine HCl was associated with a significant reduction in relaxation time of finger flexor muscles, without adversely affecting voluntary strength, although spasticity and coactivation were unchanged. Decreasing the duration of involuntary flexor activity can facilitate object release and repeated prehensile task performance. Registration: Clinical Trial number: NCT02418949 ER  - 
Identifying the most proximal multi-level factors associated with meeting each of the 24-h movement behavior recommendations in a sample of autistic adults$$$ Background: Autistic adults have poorer 24-h movement behaviors, including lower levels of physical activity, more time spent being sedentary, and shorter sleep duration than neurotypical adults. Social ecological frameworks posit that 24-h movement behaviors are determined by multi-level domains; however, not known is which multi-level factors are most important to meeting each of the 24-h movement behavior guidelines among autistic adults. Objective: This study examined the relative importance of a range of multi-level determinants on meeting guidelines for the 24-h movement behaviors of aerobic physical activity, sedentary behavior, and sleep. Methods: We administered at cross-sectional electronic survey to a national self-selecting, convenience sample of autistic adults and caregivers of autistic adults residing in the USA. We used machine learning to examine the relative variable importance (VIMP) of 55 multi-level variables with meeting recommendations for physical activity, sedentary behavior, and sleep duration. VIMPs >0 indicate predictive variables/domains. Results: A greater number of group activities attended in the last 3-months, and greater independence in completing activities of daily living were most important to meeting aerobic physical activity guidelines. Group activity participation and marital status were important to meeting sedentary behavior guidelines while having a fewer number of comorbidities was most important to achieving adequate sleep. Conclusions: These data support hypotheses about the role of family and social level interventions targeting movement behaviors in autistic adults. ER  - 
Neurological and psychiatric risk trajectories after SARS-CoV-2 infection: an analysis of 2-year retrospective cohort studies including 1 284 437 patients$$$ Background: COVID-19 is associated with increased risks of neurological and psychiatric sequelae in the weeks and months thereafter. How long these risks remain, whether they affect children and adults similarly, and whether SARS-CoV-2 variants differ in their risk profiles remains unclear. Methods: In this analysis of 2-year retrospective cohort studies, we extracted data from the TriNetX electronic health records network, an international network of de-identified data from health-care records of approximately 89 million patients collected from hospital, primary care, and specialist providers (mostly from the USA, but also from Australia, the UK, Spain, Bulgaria, India, Malaysia, and Taiwan). A cohort of patients of any age with COVID-19 diagnosed between Jan 20, 2020, and April 13, 2022, was identified and propensity-score matched (1:1) to a contemporaneous cohort of patients with any other respiratory infection. Matching was done on the basis of demographic factors, risk factors for COVID-19 and severe COVID-19 illness, and vaccination status. Analyses were stratified by age group (age <18 years [children], 18–64 years [adults], and ≥65 years [older adults]) and date of diagnosis. We assessed the risks of 14 neurological and psychiatric diagnoses after SARS-CoV-2 infection and compared these risks with the matched comparator cohort. The 2-year risk trajectories were represented by time-varying hazard ratios (HRs) and summarised using the 6-month constant HRs (representing the risks in the earlier phase of follow-up, which have not yet been well characterised in children), the risk horizon for each outcome (ie, the time at which the HR returns to 1), and the time to equal incidence in the two cohorts. We also estimated how many people died after a neurological or psychiatric diagnosis during follow-up in each age group. Finally, we compared matched cohorts of patients diagnosed with COVID-19 directly before and after the emergence of the alpha (B.1.1.7), delta (B.1.617.2), and omicron (B.1.1.529) variants. Findings: We identified 1 487 712 patients with a recorded diagnosis of COVID-19 during the study period, of whom 1 284 437 (185 748 children, 856 588 adults, and 242 101 older adults; overall mean age 42·5 years [SD 21·9]; 741 806 [57·8%] were female and 542 192 [42·2%] were male) were adequately matched with an equal number of patients with another respiratory infection. The risk trajectories of outcomes after SARS-CoV-2 infection in the whole cohort differed substantially. While most outcomes had HRs significantly greater than 1 after 6 months (with the exception of encephalitis; Guillain-Barré syndrome; nerve, nerve root, and plexus disorder; and parkinsonism), their risk horizons and time to equal incidence varied greatly. Risks of the common psychiatric disorders returned to baseline after 1–2 months (mood disorders at 43 days, anxiety disorders at 58 days) and subsequently reached an equal overall incidence to the matched comparison group (mood disorders at 457 days, anxiety disorders at 417 days). By contrast, risks of cognitive deficit (known as brain fog), dementia, psychotic disorders, and epilepsy or seizures were still increased at the end of the 2-year follow-up period. Post-COVID-19 risk trajectories differed in children compared with adults: in the 6 months after SARS-CoV-2 infection, children were not at an increased risk of mood (HR 1·02 [95% CI 0·94–1·10) or anxiety (1·00 [0·94–1·06]) disorders, but did have an increased risk of cognitive deficit, insomnia, intracranial haemorrhage, ischaemic stroke, nerve, nerve root, and plexus disorders, psychotic disorders, and epilepsy or seizures (HRs ranging from 1·20 [1·09–1·33] to 2·16 [1·46–3·19]). Unlike adults, cognitive deficit in children had a finite risk horizon (75 days) and a finite time to equal incidence (491 days). A sizeable proportion of older adults who received a neurological or psychiatric diagnosis, in either cohort, subsequently died, especially those diagnosed with dementia or epilepsy or seizures. Risk profiles were similar just before versus just after the emergence of the alpha variant (n=47 675 in each cohort). Just after (vs just before) the emergence of the delta variant (n=44 835 in each cohort), increased risks of ischaemic stroke, epilepsy or seizures, cognitive deficit, insomnia, and anxiety disorders were observed, compounded by an increased death rate. With omicron (n=39 845 in each cohort), there was a lower death rate than just before emergence of the variant, but the risks of neurological and psychiatric outcomes remained similar. Interpretation: This analysis of 2-year retrospective cohort studies of individuals diagnosed with COVID-19 showed that the increased incidence of mood and anxiety disorders was transient, with no overall excess of these diagnoses compared with other respiratory infections. In contrast, the increased risk of psychotic disorder, cognitive deficit, dementia, and epilepsy or seizures persisted throughout. The differing trajectories suggest a different pathogenesis for these outcomes. Children have a more benign overall profile of psychiatric risk than do adults and older adults, but their sustained higher risk of some diagnoses is of concern. The fact that neurological and psychiatric outcomes were similar during the delta and omicron waves indicates that the burden on the health-care system might continue even with variants that are less severe in other respects. Our findings are relevant to understanding individual-level and population-level risks of neurological and psychiatric disorders after SARS-CoV-2 infection and can help inform our responses to them. Funding: National Institute for Health and Care Research Oxford Health Biomedical Research Centre, The Wolfson Foundation, and MQ Mental Health Research. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors of functional seizures among adult Sudanese patients with epilepsy, a cross-sectional clinic-based study$$$ Background: Epilepsy can be associated with functional seizures. Our main aim is to assess functional seizures' prevalence and risk factors among adult Sudanese patients with epilepsy. Methods: This cross-sectional clinic-based study was conducted from January to February 2021 at Daoud Charity Clinic in Omdurman city, Sudan. Ninety-nine adult Sudanese patients with epilepsy were included. Data were collected using a validated interview-based semi-structured questionnaire. A senior consultant neurologist and a consultant psychiatrist diagnosed the functional seizures based on full clinical history and investigations. The diagnosis was performed according to International League against epilepsy (ILAE) classification. Results: This study included 99 patients with epilepsy, 57% were females, 79% reside in Khartoum state, and 32% reached secondary school. The main types of epilepsy were generalized tonic-clonic (68%), followed by focal seizures with impaired awareness (11%). The majority of the patients have been diagnosed with epilepsy for over three years (65%). Comorbid epilepsy and functional seizures were found in 29% of the patients, with a significantly higher prevalence in patients with social problems and depression (p = 0.005 and p < 0.01, respectively). Patients with depression had a 14 times higher risk of functional seizures than those without depression, 95% CI [3.8, 52.3]. Conclusion: A remarkably high prevalence of functional seizures was found among adult patients with epilepsy. Patients suffering from social problems and/or depression and poor economic status had a higher tendency to develop functional seizures, especially after two to three years of treatment and above. ER  - 
Using Practice and Learning to Increase Favorable Thoughts: Preliminary results of a web-based group mental health intervention study in cystic fibrosis$$$ Background: Rates of anxiety and depression are higher in people with cystic fibrosis (PwCF) than in the general population. Anxiety and depression can affect adherence and disease self-management, leading to worse physical health outcomes. Using Practice and Learning to Increase Favorable Thoughts (UPLIFT), a structured intervention that incorporates mindfulness practices into cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) has reduced comorbid psychiatric symptoms in patients with epilepsy [1]. Because this intervention is performed in a group setting, it provides the benefits of cost-effectiveness and social support, and its web-based delivery method reduces infection risk. The primary goal of this study was to determine the effectiveness of an adapted version of UPLIFT for PwCF in reducing their symptoms of anxiety and depression. Methods: Six participating CF programs recruited English-speaking, cognitively unimpaired patients aged 18 and older with scores of 5 to 14 on the General Anxiety Disorder (GAD-7) or 5 to 19 on the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) who reported no suicidal ideation. The lead study coordinator contacted interested patients by phone to reviewthe study and obtain consent. Subjects were randomly assigned to one of two groups: UPLIFTor a treatment-as-usual control group. Groups of six to eight subjects randomized to UPLIFT participated in eight weekly 1-hour sessions led by two trained facilitators supervised by a clinical psychologist. All subjects completed online self-assessments related to anxiety, depression, healthrelated quality of life (HRQOL), self-efficacy, knowledge and skills, and disease management before treatment initiation (baseline), at end of treatment, and 6 and 12 months after treatment. CF program research coordinators completed concurrent surveys of clinical CF measures. Our primary analysis will use linear mixed modeling of longitudinal scores of anxiety and depression as outcomes and time, group, and their interactions as predictors, accounting for intrasubject correlations and possible demographic covariates. Secondary analyses will explore changes in primary outcomes at end of treatment and 12 months after treatment and in measures of disease management, HRQOL, and CF health. Results: Of 85 subjects in four study cohorts who provided consent, 19 completed no study activities, one withdrew after baseline, and one died. Study groups did not differ significantly in age; sex; or baseline anxiety, depression, lung function, or nutritional status (Table 1). Themedian number of UPLIFT sessions attended was 7 (interquartile range 5–8), and 88% of subjects attended at least four sessions. Sixty-one (94%) subjects completed end-of-treatment assessments, and 56 (84%) completed 6-month posttreatment assessments. Twelve-month post-treatment data will be collected.(Table Presented) from Cohort 4 in July 2022, and the final full database will be analyzed for presentation at the North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference. Conclusions: UPLIFT is a mindfulness and CBT web-based group intervention that has shown benefits in patientswith epilepsy. If successful in CF, it could provide a safe and cost-effective option for remote delivery of mental health services that could prevent escalation of anxiety and depression in PwCF. ER  - 
CLINICAL AND ECONOMIC IMPACT OF DELIRIUM ON HOSPITALIZATION OUTCOMES OF ACUTE RESPIRATORY FAILURE: A RETROSPECTIVE NATIONAL COHORT$$$ SESSION TITLE: Late Breaking Investigations From Pulmonary and Critical Care SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/18/2022 01:30 pm - 02:30 pm PURPOSE: Although delirium may worsen the outcomes of other diseases, it is preventable in >30% of patients. Therefore, delirium prevention/management holds promise for reducing the burden of hospitalization outcomes. Our study examined the clinical and economic impact of delirium on acute respiratory failure (ARF) hospitalizations, which has not been previously studied, to highlight delirium interventions as strategies for high-value care in ARF. METHODS: Using the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision codes, we analyzed the 2016 and 2017 National Inpatient Sample databases for adult hospitalizations with a primary diagnosis of ARF. We excluded records with pre-admission intubations, post-operative/post-traumatic respiratory failure, epilepsy, drug-induced mental disorders, and records with missing endpoint data. Then, a cohort of “Delirium” and “No delirium” groups was created. Multivariate logistic regression was used to test associations and control patients’ demographics, hospital characteristics, and elixhauser comorbidity scores. The outcomes of interest were in-hospital mortality, rate of endotracheal intubation, length of stay (LOS), and total hospitalization cost. RESULTS: Of >14 million all-cause hospitalizations, we identified 113,994 records with ARF that fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Delirium was present in 12.7% of ARF patients. Patients with ARF and concomitant delirium were older (71.5 vs. 68.9 years in the “No delirium” group) and mostly Caucasians (73%). Delirium was encountered more frequently in large hospitals (54.3%) and in urban-teaching settings (63.5%). ARF Patients with coexistent delirium were sicker and had a higher prevalence of comorbidities. All-cause mortality rates and endotracheal intubations were significantly higher in the delirium group (17.5% and 9.2% vs. 10.6% and 6.1% in the “No delirium” group [p<0.001], respectively). Median LOS and cost of hospitalization were also higher among delirious patients (5.9 days, and $15,395 USD vs. 3.7 days and $9,393 USD in the “No delirium” group [p<0.001], respectively). The multivariate analysis showed an independent, significant association of delirium with greater odds for mortality (aOR 1.49, CI=1.41, 1.57), endotracheal intubation (aOR 1.46 CI=1.36, 1.56), prolonged LOS (aIRR 1.40, CI=1.37, 1.42), and increased cost of hospitalization (aIRR 1.49, CI=1.46, 1.52). CONCLUSIONS: Delirium was present in 12.7% of ARF hospitalizations in the United States in 2016-2017, mostly among Caucasians. Delirium increases LOS by 59% and total hospitalization cost by 64%. In line with current data, delirium represents an independent predictor for in-hospital mortality and endotracheal intubation. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Delirium is associated with a significant clinical and economic burden in ARF patients; its prevention/early management represents a cost-effective strategy to reduce the economic burden of ARF hospitalizations. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Roaa Ahmed No relevant relationships by David Harris No relevant relationships by Ahmed Jawad No relevant relationships by Ahmad Karim No relevant relationships by John Meunier No relevant relationships by Manish Patel No relevant relationships by AHMED TAHA No relevant relationships by Huiping Xu ER  - 
PLEURAL FIBROSIS IN THE SETTING OF SYSTEMIC LUPUS ERYTHEMATOUS$$$ SESSION TITLE: Autoimmune Diffuse Lung Disease Case Posters SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/19/2022 12:45 pm - 01:45 pm INTRODUCTION: Systemic lupus erythematous (SLE) is an autoimmune disorder that commonly involves the lungs in the form of pleuritis. It is less common for the disease to cause pulmonary fibrosis; only 3% of SLE patients are found to have chronic interstitial pneumonitis and pulmonary fibrosis. These conditions are more commonly found in other collagen-vascular diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and scleroderma(1). We present a case of a patient diagnosed with SLE after he was discovered to have pleural fibrosis. CASE PRESENTATION: A 24-year-old presented with one year of dyspnea and rash. He was found to have a restrictive widespread pleural process involving the left chest on imaging. He then underwent a left open thoracotomy with pleural biopsy. The pleura was approximately ½ inch thick and appeared firm without evidence of infection, consistent with a diagnosis of pleural fibrosis. Biopsy cultures were negative. The patient was diagnosed with fibrosing pleuritis of unclear etiology. Rheumatology specialists started the patient on prednisolone 60 mg/day for possible SLE. Baseline pulmonary function tests (PFT) demonstrated a moderate restrictive pattern. After 6 weeks of steroids, PFTs improved and pleural thickness was reduced on computed tomography (CT) scan. The patient had an inconclusive rheumatologic workup, with anti-nuclear antibody (ANA) positive at 1:320. He had no personal history of autoimmune disorders, but his mother suffered from SLE. In the absence of infectious causes or workplace exposures, he was felt to have sclerosing pleuritis as a complication of SLE. His respiratory improvement after a trial of Prednisone further supported this diagnosis. He was also found to have Raynaud's phenomenon, photosensitivity, and polyarticular rash. He began treatment with mycophenolate mofetil and improved clinically, supporting the diagnosis of SLE. DISCUSSION: There are 11 widely accepted criteria to establish diagnosis of SLE: malar rash, discoid lesions, photosensitivity, oral ulcers, nonerosive arthritis, serositis (pleuritis or pericarditis), renal involvement, seizures or psychosis, hematologic abnormalities, immunologic abnormalities, and a positive ANA test. When four or more criteria are met the diagnosis can be made with 98% specificity and 97% sensitivity. Typically, a patient does not present with four symptoms at the initial presentation and diagnosis is delayed until further evaluation at a later point in time. In this case, the patient did not present with photosensitivity, arthritis, Raynaud's phenomenon, and a positive ANA until later. Because pleural fibrosis is such an unusual manifestation of SLE, the diagnosis could only be confirmed after all other causes were excluded. CONCLUSIONS: Clinicians must consider SLE when evaluating pleural fibrosis. Additionally, clinicians should be mindful of the rarer manifestations of SLE in constructing the complete clinical context. Reference #1: 1Lalani, Tasneem A., et al. "Imaging Findings in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.” RadioGraphics, vol. 24, no. 4, July 2004, pp. 1069–86. pubs.rsna.org (Atypon), https://doi.org/10.1148/rg.244985082. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Natalie Hubbell ER  - 
WATER INTOXICATION: A CASE OF HYPONATREMIA AND ACUTE RENAL FAILURE$$$ SESSION TITLE: Drug-Induced and Associated Critical Care Cases Posters 2 SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/19/2022 12:45 pm - 01:45 pm INTRODUCTION: Hyponatremia is defined as serum sodium of < 135 mEq/L with a prevalence of 20% to 35% among hospitalized patients. We are presenting a unique case of a young Asian male with severe hyponatremia and acute kidney injury (AKI) secondary to hyponatremia-induced rhabdomyolysis requiring urgent renal replacement therapy. CASE PRESENTATION: A 32-year-old Asian male with a medical history of schizophrenia on Escitalopram presented with altered mental status due to severe hyponatremia leading to seizures requiring intubation for airway protection. His initial laboratory findings revealed sodium of 100 mEq/L, low serum osmolality, low urine osmolality, elevated urine sodium, and normal serum creatinine. He was initially treated with hypertonic saline 3% then switched to DDAVP and Dextrose fluids to avoid overcorrection. On day 4 of hospitalization, the patient exhibited hyponatremia-induced rhabdomyolysis (creatine kinase 18,000 U/L) causing AKI. He was then managed with fluid restriction, albumin, and IV Lasix. Despite medical management, the patient became anuric with severe metabolic acidosis needing sodium bicarbonate drip and urgent hemodialysis. After 52 days of hospital stay, the patient was discharged home with normal renal function, normal serum sodium level, and no neurological sequelae. DISCUSSION: Hyponatremia is the most common electrolyte and water homeostasis disorder encountered in clinical practice. Severe hyponatremia (serum sodium <120 mEq/L) is a life-threatening condition with high morbidity and mortality rates. It is associated with kidney, heart, and liver failure, syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone, malignancies, or use of medications such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) and antipsychotics. Symptoms of hyponatremia include gastrointestinal and in severe cases neurological which can be fatal. Our case shows a young Asian male with schizophrenia who developed AKI from hyponatremia-induced rhabdomyolysis in the setting of psychogenic polydipsia due to SSRI use requiring urgent hemodialysis. Patients with "water intoxication” present with severe hyponatremia and neurological symptoms like seizures. Treatment depends on the underlying cause which ranges from fluid restriction to the administration of hypertonic saline 3% among others. Aggressive correction of hyponatremia should be avoided to prevent rapid fluid shift causing cell lysis, complications like hyponatremia-induced rhabdomyolysis (peaked reached 48 to 96 hours), and AKI requiring renal replacement therapy. CONCLUSIONS: Hyponatremia is a challenging entity that needs appropriate recognition and timely efficient management of underlying etiology to avoid irreversible complications. Rhabdomyolysis markers should be closely monitored in patients with severe hyponatremia to avoid kidney damage, electrolyte abnormalities, and subsequent death. Collaborative management with Nephrology is warranted. Reference #1: Rondon H, Badireddy M. Hyponatremia. [Updated 2022 Jan 31]. In: StatPearls [Internet]. Treasure Island (FL): StatPearls Publishing; 2022 Jan-. Available from: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470386/ Reference #2: Rangan, G. K., Dorani, N., Zhang, M. M., Abu-Zarour, L., Lau, H. C., Munt, A., Chandra, A. N., Saravanabavan, S., Rangan, A., Zhang, J., Howell, M., & Wong, A. T. (2021). Clinical characteristics and outcomes of hyponatraemia associated with oral water intake in adults: a systematic review. BMJ open, 11(12), e046539. https://doi.org/10.1136/bmjopen-2020-046539 Reference #3: Kashiura, M., Sugiyama, K., & Hamabe, Y. (2017). Association between rapid serum sodium correction and rhabdomyolysis in water intoxication: a retrospective cohort study. Journal of intensive care, 5, 37. https://doi.org/10.1186/s40560-017-0233-0 DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Katherine Andrade No relevant relationships by Jason Fredrick No relevant relationships by Amber Mallick No relevant relationships by Nimesh Shah ER  - 
The overlooked depression in epilepsy$$$ Introduction: One out of 3 people with epilepsy (PWE) will present with psychiatric disorders throughout their lives; mood and anxiety disorders are the most common among them. Despite the high frequency and the significant impact of psychiatric comorbidities in the lives of PWE, they remain underdiagnosed and undertreated. Objectives: We identified symptoms of anxiety and depression during routine neurological visits in PWE and made a therapeutic intervention (psychotherapy or use of psychotropic drugs) with subsequent symptom control. Patients and methods: A retrospective study of 127 PWE who were examined at least twice in a two-year period. Several scales (NDDI-E, GAD-7 and MINI's item C) were administered in order to detect symptoms of depression, anxiety, and suicidality. Results: Of the 127 PWE who were examined at least in two occasions, 77 (61%) had positive results for depression and/or anxiety in the first examination, 29 (38%) received antidepressant agents, 16 (21%) were treated with psychotherapy, 25 (32%) were referred to psychiatric consultation, 10 (13%) were changed the antiseizure medication, and 15 (19%) received no intervention. Of the 77, 28 (36%) improved in the subsequent examination. Out of the 50 PWE who had initially had negative results in the scales, 13 (26%) were positive in the second assessment. Conclusions: This study attempts to prove the importance of identifying symptoms of anxiety and depression and make an intervention. It is essential to include history of psychiatric diseases and psychiatric symptoms within the overall management of PWE, given the prevalence of these symptoms and their apparent fluctuating nature. ER  - 
Effect of NOTCH3 EGFr Group, Sex, and Cardiovascular Risk Factors on CADASIL Clinical and Neuroimaging Outcomes$$$ Background: A retrospective study has shown that EGFr (epidermal growth factor-like repeat) group in the NOTCH3 gene is an important cerebral autosomal dominant arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy (CADASIL) disease modifier of age at first stroke and white matter hyperintensity (WMH) volume. No study has yet assessed the effect of other known CADASIL modifiers, that is, cardiovascular risk factors and sex, in the context of NOTCH3 EGFr group. In this study, we determined the relative disease-modifying effects of NOTCH3 EGFr group, sex and cardiovascular risk factor on disease severity in the first genotype-driven, large prospective CADASIL cohort study, using a comprehensive battery of CADASIL clinical outcomes and neuroimaging markers. Methods: Patients with CADASIL participated in a single-center, prospective cohort study (DiViNAS [Disease Variability in NOTCH3 Associated Small Vessel Disease]) between 2017 and 2020. The study protocol included a clinical assessment, neuropsychological test battery and brain magnetic resonance imaging on a single research day. Multivariable linear, logistic and Cox regression models were used to cross-sectionally assess the effect of CADASIL modifiers on clinical severity (stroke, disability, processing speed) and neuroimaging markers (WMH volume, peak width of skeletonized mean diffusivity, lacune volume, brain volume, cerebral microbleed count). Results: Two hundred patients with CADASIL participated, of which 103 harbored a NOTCH3 EGFr 1-6 variant and 97 an EGFr 7-34 variant. NOTCH3 EGFr 1-6 group was the most important modifier of age at first stroke (hazard ratio, 2.45 [95% CI, 1.39-4.31]; P=0.002), lacune volume (odds ratio, 4.31 [95% CI, 2.31-8.04]; P=4.0×10-6), WMH volume (B=0.81 [95% CI, 0.60-1.02]; P=1.1×10-12), and peak width of skeletonized mean diffusivity (B=0.65 [95% CI, 0.44-0.87]; P=1.6×10-8). EGFr 1-6 patients had a significantly higher WMH volume in the anterior temporal lobes and superior frontal gyri and a higher burden of enlarged perivascular spaces. After NOTCH3 EGFr group, male sex and hypertension were the next most important modifiers of clinical outcomes and neuroimaging markers. Conclusions: NOTCH3 EGFr group is the most important CADASIL disease modifier not only for age at first stroke and WMH volume but also strikingly so for a whole battery of clinically relevant disease measures such as lacune volume and peak width of skeletonized mean diffusivity. NOTCH3 EGFr group is followed in importance by sex, hypertension, diabetes, and smoking. ER  - 
Persons Who Engage in Self-Harm While in the Emergency Department: A Case-Control Analysis$$$ Some patients engage in self-harm behaviors while in the emergency department. Risk factors for self-harm have been described for inpatient and outpatient/community settings, but not among emergency department patients. Authors conducted case-control, retrospective reviews of medical records and incident reports for emergency department patients in two academic medical centers. Variables were analyzed using conditional logistic regression. There were 113 individuals who engaged in self-harm while in the emergency department and 226 individuals who did not. Four variables were significant in the final model: a history of nonsuicidal self-harm (odds ratio [OR], 4.28; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.95-9.41), opioid use in the prior 2 weeks (OR, 2.89; CI, 1.19-7.02), current manic episode (OR, 3.59; CI, 1.33-9.70), and a history of seizures (OR, 4.19; CI, 1.16-15.14). Risk of self-harm while in the emergency department may be mitigated with interventions that support adaptive coping skills, promptly address pain and withdrawal symptoms, and treat mania. ER  - 
3.86 Catatonia in the Child and Adolescent Population at the Johns Hopkins Hospital During the COVID-19 Pandemic: A Retrospective Study$$$ Objectives: Catatonia is a neuropsychiatric syndrome characterized by motor, vocal, affective, and behavioral changes including alterations in external (environmental) and internal (proprioceptive) awareness. Given the historic underrecognition of this diagnosis, as well as its heterogeneous presentation, data are lacking to describe the prevalence of catatonia in the pediatric hospital population. The prevalence of catatonia in child and adolescent inpatient psychiatry units ranges from 0.6% to 17%. There has been an anecdotal increase in diagnoses of catatonia during the COVID-19 pandemic. Methods: This retrospective study reviewed charts of patients admitted to our children’s hospital with an ICD-9 or ICD-10 diagnosis code of catatonia in their hospital problem list. This study included patients aged 0 to 17 years who were admitted to medical and psychiatric floors from 2017, when the hospital transitioned to a new electronic medical record system, until the present. Results: Between 2017 and 2022, 25 adolescents were admitted with an ICD diagnosis of catatonia. Twelve were female and 13 were male. Twelve percent (12%) of the patients self-identified as Hispanic, and 88% as non-Hispanic. Ages ranged from 12 years 3 months to 17 years 10 months, with an average age of 15.17 years. Common comorbid mental health diagnoses included ADHD, anxiety, mood disorders, and psychotic disorders. Common neuropsychiatric comorbidities included ASD, developmental disabilities, seizures, and genetic disorders. Notably, 6 patients had a diagnosis of catatonia between 2019 and 2020, and 12 patients had a diagnosis between 2021 and 2022, representing a 100% increase in patients who had a chart diagnosis of catatonia after the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Conclusions: This study aimed to gather information about the count, demographics, and comorbid diagnoses of patients diagnosed with catatonia in the years preceding and following the COVID-19 pandemic. There was an increase in catatonia diagnosis after the onset of the pandemic. The reasons for this increase are unknown but could include an increase in the number of children with psychiatric illnesses, delays in access to mental health care, or a correlation with COVID-19 infection or immunization. CON, ND, EPI ER  - 
Forecasting psychogenic non-epileptic seizure likelihood from ambulatory EEG and ECG$$$ Objective. Critical slowing features (variance and autocorrelation) of long-term continuous electroencephalography (EEG) and electrocardiography (ECG) data have previously been used to forecast epileptic seizure onset. This study tested the feasibility of forecasting non-epileptic seizures using the same methods. In doing so, we examined if long-term cycles of brain and cardiac activity are present in clinical physiological recordings of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Approach. Retrospectively accessed ambulatory EEG and ECG data from 15 patients with non-epileptic seizures and no background of epilepsy were used for developing the forecasting system. The median period of recordings was 161 h, with a median of 7 non-epileptic seizures per patient. The phases of different cycles (5 min, 1 h, 6 h, 12 h, 24 h) of EEG and RR interval (RRI) critical slowing features were investigated. Forecasters were generated using combinations of the variance and autocorrelation of both EEG and the RRI of the ECG at each of the aforementioned cycle lengths. Optimal forecasters were selected as those with the highest area under the receiver-operator curve (AUC). Main results. It was found that PNES events occurred in the rising phases of EEG feature cycles of 12 and 24 h in duration at a rate significantly above chance. We demonstrated that the proposed forecasters achieved performance significantly better than chance in 8/15 of patients, and the mean AUC of the best forecaster across patients was 0.79. Significance. To our knowledge, this is the first study to retrospectively forecast non-epileptic seizures using both EEG and ECG data. The significance of EEG in the forecasting models suggests that cyclic EEG features of non-epileptic seizures exist. This study opens the potential of seizure forecasting beyond epilepsy, into other disorders of episodic loss of consciousness or dissociation. ER  - 
Acute methanol poisoning in Tunisia: clinical features, biological and associated factors for mortality$$$ Background: Acute Methanol Poisoning (MP) is rare but potentially serious. Objectives: To study the clinical and biological characteristics of acute MP and its associated factors of mortality. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study including case series of MP which took place in Kairouan, Tunisia. Cases started consulting the emergency room on a festive day (1st day of Eid al- Fitr) corresponding to May 24, 2020. Results: We included 65 male victims of MP. The median [interquartile] age was 28.0 [21.0 – 35.0] years with extremes ranging from 17 to 75 years. The median [interquartile] time between the ingestion of methanol and the medical consultation was 48.0 [24.0 – 50.0] hours. On admission, the majority of patients described neurological (98.4%) and gastrointestinal symptoms (51.4%). Four patients remained visually impaired and 8 patients (12.3%) had died. The univariate analysis reported an association between mortality and age, amount of methanol ingested, co-ingestion of cannabis, delay to consultation, neurological distress, seizures, lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure, metabolic acidosis, lower levels of potassium, higher levels of sodium, hematocrit, glycemia, creatinine, anion gap, and high Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II score. Conclusion: Mortality rate following MP was high and was associated with several factors. ER  - 
The effect of levetiracetam on depression and anti-oxidant activity in patients with epilepsy$$$ Background: Levetiracetam (LEV) is approved for treating epilepsy. The current evidence shows that LEV can cause behavioral problems such as depression. It is well-known that depression is associated with oxidative stress. Therefore, we conducted this study to assess the influence of LEV on depression severity and anti-oxidant status. Methods: In this prospective longitudinal study, 50 patients with diagnosis of epilepsy on LEV were included. We used Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) to assess depression severity. The serum levels of zinc and glutathione were measured as anti-oxidant markers. These variables were evaluated at the baseline and 3 months after the commencement of LEV. Results: A total of 30 patients finished the follow-up. Among them, 21 patients were women. The mean age at baseline was 28.76 ± 11.37 (range: 16-68 years). The severity of depression at the last follow-up was significantly higher than the baseline. We observed a decrease in the serum levels of zinc and glutathione, though they were not statistically significant. Conclusion: Our results suggest that LEV can increase the risk of depression in patients with epilepsy. This study also suggests that zinc depletion can be induced through act of LEV. Further studies are needed to validate these findings. ER  - 
Psychotropic Medication Utilization Among Children Diagnosed With Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: To date, there has been no large, population-based study estimating the prevalence of psychotropic medication use and cooccurring medical conditions among children with fetal alcohol syndrome disorder (FASD). In addition, it is not known how psychotropic medication use varies by mental health status of the children with FASD and their health insurance coverage. This study attempts to fill this gap by analyzing a large health insurance claims database covering Medicaid and private insurance. METHODS: The study used the 2017 IBM Watson Health MarketScan Multistate Medicaid and Commercial Claims databases. The sample for the analysis includes children between the ages of 0 and 17 with either an FASD diagnosis or a mental health diagnosis (N = 848 721 Medicaid; N = 511 061 private insurance). RESULTS: More than half of the children with an FASD diagnosis were prescribed psychotropic medications (63% Medicaid; 57% private). Utilization rates of psychotropic medication among children with cooccurring FASD and a mental health condition (79% Medicaid; 71% private) were higher compared to children with a mental health diagnosis but no FASD (57% Medicaid; 57% private). Stimulants were the most commonly prescribed. Encephalopathy, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and epilepsy were the 3 most common cooccurring diagnosis among children with FASD using psychotropic medication under Medicaid compared to encephalopathy, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and anxiety with private insurance. CONCLUSIONS: These results exemplify the complexity of the neurobehavioral profile of children with FASD and the challenge of treatment. Future studies may determine how supportive services for these children will affect psychotropic medication use. ER  - 
Cutaneous Adverse Reactions Reported with Antiepileptic Drugs in Tunisian Pediatric Population$$$ Introduction: Antiepileptic drugs (AED) are widely used in pediatric population (PP). They are mainly indicated in the treatment of epilepsy and some psychiatric pathologies and behavioral disorders. AED are among the drugs most frequently associated with cutaneous adverse reactions (CAR) in children. These CAR are usually mild and disappear spontaneously after the AED withdrawal. However, severe life-threatening reactions can sometimes occur [1]. Objective: To study the epidemiological and clinical features of CAR occurring in PP and to identify the most implicated AED. Methods: We conducted a descriptive retrospective study over a period of seven years from January 2014 to December 2020 about CAR of AED in PP (aged under or equal to 16 years-old) notified to The Tunisian National Center of Pharmacovigilance. All cases were analyzed according to the updated French method of imputability [2]. Results: We collected 41 cases of CAR associated to AED. The age varied from 2 to 16 years old (mean = 9.5 years old) with a sex ratio (H/F) = 0.5. AED were indicated for neurological pathology (epilepsy) in 98% of cases and for psychiatric disorder (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder) in 2% of cases. Notified CAR in our study are summarized in table 1. Incriminated AED were lamotrigine (LMG) (41%), carbamazepin (27%), valproic acid (22%), phenobarbital (7%), phenytoin (2%) and levetiracetam (2%). These AED was prescribed in monotherapy in 56% of cases and in polytherapy in 44% of cases. Severe cutaneous adverse reactions (SCARs) accounted for 24% of all CAR. There was no statistically significant difference in occurrence of SCARs according to the number of prescribed AED (p = 0.72) or their aromatic nature (p = 0.1). LMG dose-escalation guidelines was not respected in one case. It was a patient who developed a maculopapular exanthema 3 days after initiating LMG treatment with 150mg/day. Therapeutic drug monitoring was performed in three cases of hair loss with VPA. The VPA plasma concentration was supra-therapeutic in two cases and within the therapeutic range in one case. Conclusion: Thus, according to this retrospective study, maculopapular exanthema was the most frequently reported CAR with AED in PP. Also, LMG was the most incriminated AED. However, a comparative study could be considered in order to specify the risk factors for the occurrence of AED-induced CAR. (Table Presented). ER  - 
NEUROLOGICAL INVOLVEMENTS IN CHILDHOODONSET SYSTEMIC LUPUS ERYTHEMATOSUS: CLINICAL, THERAPEUTIC AND EVOLUTIONARY PROFILE$$$ Backgrounds Pediatric systemic lupus erythematosus (pSLE) is an autoimmune disorder, characterized by more severe multi-system involvement than in adults. The neurological and psychiatric manifestations of SLE are a heterogeneous set of clinical manifestations grouped under the term “Neurolupus”. Objective We aimed to assess neuropsychiatric manifestations in childhoodonset Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (cSLE) in Algeria and to determine the clinical, therapeutic, evolutionary profiles and their correlations with the activity disease and the prognosis. Methods This was a prospective, multicentre and descriptive study for 36months (January 2015 - December 2018) at the department of Pediatrics of University Hospital Nefissa Hamoud ex Parnet Algiers. Children less than16 years of age fulfilling the American College of Rheumatology SLE criteria were included. Disease activity estimated by Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity index (SLEDAI) whose use has been validated in children and damage index based on Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics (SLICC) score were determined. Results A total number of 83 patients, who had been diagnosed with cSLE, including 14 males (16, 9%) and 69 females (83.1%), were enrolled in the present study. Out of these 83 patients, 16 (19.3%) cases were younger than 6 years, 18 (21.7%) were 6-10 years, and 49(59%) were older than 10 years. The mean ages at lupus onset and diagnosis were 10, 12±3, 88 and 11, 3±3, 62years respectively. Thirty-four patients (41%) developed neurological disease during this study. Neurological damage was polymorphic: psychosis and headache (38.2%), seizure (35.2%), motor deficit (32.4%), Other neurological manifestations included posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES), Broca's aphasia, Guillain BarréSyndrome, Charles Bell paralysis (32.4%). Neurological involvement was significantly correlated with the presence of anti-phospholipid antibodies (APL) (p = 0.00002), severe forms (p = 0.0006) and SLEDAI disease activity (p = 0.0001). Our patients received boluses of corticosteroids at the start and then cyclophosphamide. The outcome was fatal for seven patients knowing that the overall number of deaths in our series was 9 deaths with a highly significant correlation according to the bivariate analysis between neurolupus and the death variable (p = 0.02). Our study demonstrated that neurolupus in children was a predictive index of severity and prognosis based on multivariate analysis with an odds-ratio of [40.965 (1.470-1141.709)]. Conclusion Neuropsychiatric involvement complicates SLE in>50% of cases. Pediatric neurolupus would be very heterogeneous and severe according to the few published pediatric series. It has a high lupus activity. It can be considered as a predictive factor of severity and prognosis. Neurolupus should be investigated at each lupus flare-up for early management in order to prevent any irreversible complication. ER  - 
Solriamfetol real world experience study: Initiation, titration, safety, effectiveness, and experience during follow-up for patients with narcolepsy from Germany$$$ Objectives/Introduction: Excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) is a symptom of narcolepsy that may be managed with wake-promoting agents or sodium oxybate. Solriamfetol (Sunosi™) is a dopamine/ norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor approved to treat EDS associated with narcolepsy (75-150 mg/day). This real-world study characterises dosing/titration strategies among European physicians initiating solriamfetol and patient outcomes following initiation. Methods: This is an ongoing retrospective chart review conducted by physicians in Germany, France, and Italy. Data are reported from 70 German patients with narcolepsy. Eligible patients (≥18 years old, diagnosed with EDS due to narcolepsy, had reached a stable solriamfetol dose, and had completed ≥6 weeks of treatment) were classified into 1 of 3 groups based on solriamfetol initiation strategy: Changeover (switched/switching from existing EDS medication[s]), add-on (added/adding to current EDS medication[s]), or new-to-therapy (no current/previous EDS medication). Results: Patients' mean ± SD age was 36.9 ± 13.9 years; 56% were female and 57% experienced cataplexy. Anxiety/depression was the most frequently reported comorbidity (36%). Changeover was the most common initiation strategy (n = 43), followed by add-on (n = 19), then new-to-therapy (n = 8). The most common starting doses of solriamfetol were 75 (n = 48; 69%) and 150 mg/day (n = 14; 20%). Solriamfetol was titrated in 29 patients (41%); most were titrated within 7 days. Mean ± SD Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) score was 17.6 ± 3.1 (n = 61) at initiation and 13.6 ± 3.8 at follow-up (n = 51), with a mean decrease of 4.3 ± 2.9 points. Across subgroups, mean ESS scores at initiation and follow-up ranged from 17.1-18.5 and 11.5-15.0, respectively, with mean decreases from 3.7-6.1 points. Slight to strong improvements in EDS after solriamfetol initiation were reported for most patients (patient report, 91%; physician report, 94%). Most patients (72%) reported no change in their perceived night-time sleep quality. Common adverse effects were headache, decreased appetite, and insomnia. No cardiovascular events were reported. Conclusions: These real-world data describe the use of solriamfetol in a cohort of German patients with narcolepsy. Solriamfetol was typically initiated at 75 mg/day; titration was common. ESS scores improved across all subgroups; most patients and physicians perceived improvement in EDS. Common adverse events were consistent with those previously reported for solriamfetol. ER  - 
Quality of Life and Functional Limitations in Epilepsy$$$ Rationale: Seizures and/or epilepsy exert a negative impact on the quality of life (QOL), functionality, and social participation of their bearers. Yet, there is scarcity of large, population-based, controlled studies to characterize that impact. The objective of this study was to characterize the effect of seizures and/or epilepsy on patients' QOL and functionality and compare it with other chronic medical conditions. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study using nationally representative, pooled data from the Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS) household component files for 2010 to 2018. Data were collected from a population-based sample of MEPS respondents with records associated with a medical event (e.g., outpatient visit; hospital inpatient) for seizure, epilepsy, or both, and matched cases to control for age and sex. Outcomes were weighted to be representative of the civilian, non-institutionalized population. We estimated the QOL and functionality (educational attainment, school/household/work limitations, employment status, and missed workdays) of persons with epilepsy, seizures, and both conditions, but our main outcome focused on persons with epilepsy (PWE) as compared to that of matched controls and select chronic conditions (migraine, depression, and diabetes). Results: We identified 1,078 epilepsy cases, 2,344 seizure cases, and 3,422 cases of either condition. PWE exhibited worse QOL and poorer functionality in all domains and were more likely to have ≥2 work loss days in the past year compared to controls. Compared to cases with other selected chronic conditions, PWE reported worse physical health status and were surpassed in impairment of their mental health status only by patients with depression. The impact of seizures and/or epilepsy on QOL and functionality was universal, irrespective of patient age, gender, education, race, and income. Conclusions: The impact of seizures and/or epilepsy in QOL and functionality is substantial and warrants interventions to ameliorate it. ER  - 
The Effect of Responsive Neurostimulation (RNS) on Cognitive, Psychiatric and Quality of Life Outcomes in Drug-Resistant Epilepsy$$$ Rationale: While the effect of responsive neurostimulation (RNS) on seizure outcomes in drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) has been well established, its real-world effect on neuropsychiatric and psychosocial outcomes is less investigated outside the original clinical trials and post-approval studies. Methods: We performed a retrospective review of all patients who were treated at our institution with RNS for DRE with at least 12 months of follow-up. In addition to demographic and disease related characteristics, we collected cognitive [full scale intelligence quotient (FSIQ), verbal comprehension index (VCI), perceptual reasoning index (PRI)], psychiatric [Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI)] and quality of life (QOLIE-31) outcomes preoperatively and 6 and 12 months after RNS implantation, and we correlated these measures with seizure outcomes (median seizure frequency reduction, responder rate and seizure freedom). Results: 50 patients (median age 39.5 years, 64% female) were treated with RNS at our institution from 2005 to 2020. Median duration of DRE was 17.5 years, with a median 4 disabling seizures per month, despite a median of 3 antiseizure medications. 26.5% of patients had prior destructive surgery and 26% of patients had prior VNS placement. Baseline neuropsychiatric and psychosocial scores were as follows: FSIQ=82, VCI=92, PRI=88, BDI=13, BAI=10, QOL=42.5. RNS leads were implanted in one or both temporal lobes in 70% of patients, in the neocortex in 24% and in both in the remaining 6%. With a median stimulation time of 23 months, the median seizure frequency reduction and response rate for the whole cohort were 88% and 78%, respectively, while 32% of patients were free of disabling seizures. The 6 month post-implantation scores were: BDI=9, BAI=6, and QOL=42. At 12 months, scores were: FSIQ=83, VCI=91, PRI=88, BDI=11, BAI=6.5, and QOL=45.5. At the group level, there was no statistically significant difference in any of the evaluated cognitive, psychiatric, and quality outcomes at 6 and 12 months, irrespective of seizure outcomes. At the individual level, some patients experienced meaningful cognitive declines, but typically when RNS electrodes proved to be wrongly placed, and in some patients with more globally compromised baselines. Conclusions: Our study corroborates the pivotal clinical trials and open label post approval studies regarding the effect of RNS on seizure outcomes. Regardless of seizure outcomes, for most individuals, RNS does not exert a negative impact on cognitive, psychiatric and quality outcomes. ER  - 
Rapid discontinuation of baclofen as a treatment for spasticity among MS patients with incident and prevalent diagnoses$$$ Introduction: Baclofen is the first line drug choice for spasticity; a common MS feature influencing function and quality of life. Its prescription and discontinuation patterns among persons with MS (pwMS) are described incompletely. Objective & Aim: To characterize baclofen prescription patterns in a nationwide cohort study of people with prevalent (pMS) and incident (iMS) MS. Method: Data was linked from the Swedish MS register and national health registers for PwMS aged 18-65 years at diagnosis. Baclofen initiation was identified using the Prescription Drug Register excluding prescriptions from 1 July 2005-30 June 2006 (1st year of the register) and before MS diagnosis, to identify new prescriptions. Follow-up was from first dispensation until discontinuation, 31 Dec 2014 or death. Discontinuation was defined as no renewed prescription within gaps of 90, 150, or 180 days from last dispensation. Failure functions were plotted and Cox regression estimated hazard ratios. Results: A total of 188 (10%) of iMS (N=1826) and 628 (19%) of pMS (N=3519) received a new baclofen prescription. Discontinuation among iMS and pMS was similar using different time gaps: 49% (CI 0.42-0.57) iMS and 51% (CI 0.48-0.56) pMS discontinued within 150 days and approx. 90% discontinued overall. Approx. 65% of individuals discontinued within 1-year and 80% by 2-years. iMS with progressive course were treated for longer than relapsing course, and though similar among pMS differences between courses were less evident. Stratifying by EDSS (0-2.5, 3.0-5.5 and 6+) at baclofen initiation showed that PwMS with higher EDSS persisted longer than EDSS 0-2.5 but discontinuation was high among all groups. Cox regression showed EDSS associated with discontinuation, with iMS of EDSS 3-5.5 and 6+ 72% (CI 0.44-1.16) and 61% (CI 0.35-1.05); pMS 78% (CI 0.59-1.03) and 65% (CI 0.49-0.85) less likely to discontinue. No other MS characteristics (duration, age, course, sex, diagnosis/ onset age), depression or seizures were associated. Though not statistically significantly associated, females and those with a progressive course were less likely to discontinue. Conclusions: Baclofen has similarly high discontinuation rates among patients with iMS and pMS, possibly reflecting low tolerability or efficacy. Only increased disability indicated by higher EDSS was associated with longer baclofen persistence highlighting the need for more tolerable and efficacious pharmacological treatments for spasticity in PwMS. ER  - 
Metagenomic next-generation sequencing of cell-free and whole-cell DNA in diagnosing central nervous system infections$$$ Background: Central nervous system (CNS) infections pose a fatal risk to patients. However, the limited sample volumes of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and low detection efficiency seriously hinder the accurate detection of pathogens using conventional methods. Methods: We evaluated the performance of metagenomics next-generation sequencing (mNGS) in diagnosing CNS infections. CSF samples from 390 patients clinically diagnosed with CNS infections were used for the mNGS of cell-free DNA (cfDNA) (n =394) and whole-cell DNA (wcDNA) (n =150). Results: The sensitivity of mNGS using cfDNA was 60.2% (237/394, 95% confidence interval [CI] 55.1%–65.0%), higher than that of mNGS using wcDNA (32.0%, 95% [CI] 24.8%–40.2%, 48/150) and conventional methods (20.9%, 95% [CI] 16.2%–26.5%, 54/258) (P < 0.01, respectively). The accuracy of mNGS using cfDNA in positive samples was 82.6%. Most of viral (72.6%) and mycobacterial (68.8%) pathogens were only detected by the mNGS of cfDNA. Meningitis and encephalitis with Streptococcus pneumoniae infection might be more likely to result in critically ill diseases, while Human alphaherpesvirus 3 was prone to cause non-critically ill diseases. Conclusions: This is the first report on evaluating and emphasizing the importance of mNGS using CSF cfDNA in diagnosing CNS infections, and its extensive application in diagnosing CNS infections could be expected, especially for viral and mycobacterial CNS infections. ER  - 
Neutropenia in Patients With Clozapine-Treated Schizophrenia: An Effect of Clozapine or a Consequence of SARS-CoV-2 Infection? A Systematic Review$$$ Background:Clozapine is the only approved antipsychotic for treatment-resistant schizophrenia. Despite its therapeutic benefits, it is still widely underused, mainly because of its potential to cause agranulocytosis and neutropenia. Prescribing clozapine in COVID-19-positive patients became more challenging because of this potential side effect. This article is a review of literature on the risk of neutropenia associated with clozapine treatment in patients with COVID-19.Areas of Uncertainty:In clozapine-treated COVID-19-positive patients, neutropenia was reported in some cases; is it a consequence of clozapine treatment or of SARS-Co2 infection?Data Sources:Data were extracted from 2 databases: PubMed/MEDLINE and Google Scholar. We selected all original reports, from March 2020 until May 2022, on neutropenia associated with clozapine treatment in positive COVID-19 patients. Eleven studies were selected for the final analysis.Therapeutic Advances:Before the COVID-19 pandemic, neutropenia in clozapine-treated patients was reported in 3.8% of cases. During the pandemic, neutropenia rates seemed to be higher. As per the cause of neutropenia, studies reported contradictory results. We aim to clarify rates and causes of neutropenia in clozapine-treated COVID-19-positive patients.Results:Three hundred eighty-eight articles were initially selected from the 2 databases. After excluding duplicates, unrelated articles, reviews, and guidelines, 11 studies were analyzed, all centered on clozapine treatment, COVID-19 infection, and associated neutropenia.Conclusions:Clozapine treatment in COVID-19-positive patients may be associated with a transient reduction of absolute neutrophils count, in some cases reaching neutropenia levels. Neutropenia rates reported in SARS-CoV-2-infected patients are higher than the prepandemic reports; therefore, we assume that the cause might be a result of the immunological interference between clozapine and SARS-CoV-2. Clozapine treatment needs to be continued whenever possible, with dose adjustments in relation to blood test results. ER  - 
Washed microbiota transplantation improves patients with high blood glucose in South China$$$ Background and Aims: Although fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) from healthy donors has been shown to have hypoglycemic effects in animal models of diabetes, its clinical impact in patients with abnormal blood glucose metabolism is unclear, especially in southern Chinese populations. The aim of this study was to investigate the feasibility and efficacy of washed microbiota transplantation (WMT) in the treatment of abnormal blood glucose metabolism in a population in southern China. Methods: The clinical data of patients with different indications who received 1-3 treatments of WMT were retrospectively collected. The changes of blood glucose, blood lipids, blood pressure, liver function and blood routine before and after WMT were compared, such as fasting blood glucose (FBG), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), systolic blood pressure (SBP), white blood cells (WBC), lymphocytes (LY) and platelets (PLT), etc. Results: A total of 195 patients were included in the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangdong Pharmaceutical University, including 20 patients with high blood glucose and 175 patients with normal blood glucose. WMT has a significant effect in reducing short term blood glucose level (FBG) in patients with high blood glucose (p < 0.05). The fasting blood glucose (FBG) of 72.22% of patients with high blood glucose decreased to normal in a short term (about 1 month) (p < 0.001); In the medium term (about 2 months), there was a significant hypolipidemic (TG) (p = 0.043) effect, long term (about 6 months) significant blood pressure lowering (SBP, p = 0.048) effect. Overall, WMT significantly reduced the risk of high risk classes of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease (ASCVD) in the short term (p = 0.029) and medium term (p = 0.050). Conclusion: WMT can significantly improve blood glucose in patients with high blood glucose, and there is no long-term elevated risk of blood glucose and ASCVD. FBG levels were significantly reduced in both the short and medium term in patients with high blood glucose treated with WMT. Therefore, the regulation of gut microbiota by WMT may provide a new clinical approach for the treatment of abnormal blood glucose metabolism. ER  - 
Benzodiazepine use disorder: A cross-sectional study at a tertiary care center in Lebanon$$$ Benzodiazepines are medications used for the treatment of multiple conditions including anxiety disorders, insomnia, agitation, and seizures. They are the most prescribed psychiatric medications and the third most misused drugs among adults and adolescents in the US. This study aims to assess the patient utilization patterns and benzodiazepine use disorder among Lebanese patients. A cross-sectional study was performed on Lebanese patients presenting to the Emergency Department of the American University of Beirut Medical Center (AUBMC), between November 11th, 2019, and May 30th, 2020. Institutional review board approved the study, and an informed consent was obtained from patients. A total of 244 patients were included in the final analysis. A total of 154 (63.1%) patients were found to have benzodiazepine use disorder as per the DSM-V criteria with the majority (64%) being females and young adults aged 18 to 40 years. The most common medication was alprazolam, and anxiety was the most common reason for benzodiazepine use. The majority (88%) of patients obtained their medications using a physician's prescription. More than half of users were not satisfied with the physician's instructions and lacked knowledge about side effects and abuse potential. The high rate of benzodiazepine misuse among our young adults highlights an important public health concern that requires interventions and policy implementation. ER  - 
The impact of parenting stress on parents of school-age children with drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Background: Psychological burdens can affect the quality of life among parents of children with epilepsy, especially parents of children with poor seizure control. The impact of stress on the parents of children with epilepsy is significantly comorbid with their children’s cognitive dysfunction and the severity of epilepsy. The aim of this study was to assess the stress levels of parents of school-age children with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) and controlled-epilepsy after considering the children’s cognitive ability. Methods: The study participants consisted of 35 children with typical development in the control group, 25 in the controlled-epilepsy group, 26 in the DRE group, and their parents. We used the Chinese version of the Parenting Stress Index (PSI) to measure the stress levels of all parents; and the Wechsler intelligence scale for children-fourth edition (WISC-IV) Chinese version to assess the children’s cognition levels. Results: Parenting stress was significantly higher among the parents of children with DRE than of those in the control and controlled-epilepsy group. The PSI’s child domain showed statistically significant subscales of adaptability, acceptability, demandingness, and distractibility/hyperactivity. Moreover, the high-risk ratio on the acceptability, adaptability, demandingness, and distractibility/hyperactivity subscales were also higher for the DRE group than for the controlled-epilepsy group and for the control group. Conclusion: Seizure severity significantly influences parenting stress after considering cognitive dysfunction in children with epilepsy. Therefore, pediatricians and clinicians should consider epilepsy-specific stress in parents of children with DRE. ER  - 
Association of Microglial Activation With Spontaneous ARIA-E and CSF Levels of Anti-Aβ Autoantibodies$$$ Background and ObjectivesAmyloid-related imaging abnormalities suggestive of vasogenic edema or sulcal effusion (ARIA-E) are the most common adverse events complicating Alzheimer disease (AD) immunotherapy with anti-β-amyloid (Aβ) monoclonal antibodies. ARIA-E can also occur spontaneously in cerebral amyloid angiopathy-related inflammation (CAA-ri), a rare autoimmune encephalopathy associated with increased CSF levels of anti-Aβ autoantibodies. Although the pathophysiologic mechanisms of ARIA-E remain to be fully elucidated, experimental evidence from ex vivo studies suggests that gantenerumab and aducanumab enable microglial activation. However, the in vivo evidence for a direct association between neuroinflammation and ARIA-E in patients with high CSF anti-Aβ (auto)antibody levels has never been demonstrated.MethodsThe spatial distribution and temporal variations of microglial activation associated with levels of anti-Aβ autoantibodies at (sub)acute presentation of ARIA-E and after corticosteroid therapy were evaluated in a longitudinal case series of patients with CAA-ri, the spontaneous variant of the iatrogenic ARIA-E reported in Aβ-lowering immunotherapy with monoclonal antibodies. Multimodal and multiparametric MRI was used for CAA and ARIA-E severity quantification, according to validated scoring system; CSF testing for anti-Aβ autoantibodies and AD biomarkers; 11C-PK11195 PET for activated microglia.ResultsAt (sub)acute presentation, we found focal peaks of microglial activation having a greater spatial colocalization with ARIA-E compared with chronic age-related white matter change imaging abnormalities. The severity of ARIA-E and the magnitude of the associated microglial activation were greater in patients having AD and severe CAA concomitant disease compared with patients having CAA only. CSF anti-Aβ autoantibodies at presentation were high in all patients and markedly decreased at posttreatment follow-up, in parallel with clinical resolution of acute symptoms, reduced ARIA-E severity, and reduced microglial activation.DiscussionOur findings extend the current notion of ARIA-E by providing the first in vivo 11C-PK11195 PET evidence for an association between microglial activation and the magnitude and severity of ARIA-E in patients with increased CSF concentration of anti-Aβ autoantibodies and comorbid AD and CAA disease. Our results highlight CSF testing for anti-Aβ autoantibodies as a promising diagnostic, prognostic, and therapy response biomarker to help guide future treatment and management decisions in real clinical practice and clinical trials. ER  - 
Rates, causes and predictors of all-cause and avoidable mortality in 163 686 children and young people with and without intellectual disabilities: a record linkage national cohort study$$$ Objectives To investigate mortality rates and associated factors, and avoidable mortality in children/young people with intellectual disabilities. Design Retrospective cohort; individual record-linked data between Scotland's 2011 Census and 9.5 years of National Records for Scotland death certification data. Setting General community. Participants Children and young people with intellectual disabilities living in Scotland aged 5-24 years, and an age-matched comparison group. Main outcome measures Deaths up to 2020: age of death, age-standardised mortality ratios (age-SMRs); causes of death including cause-specific age-SMRs/sex-SMRs; and avoidable deaths. Results Death occurred in 260/7247 (3.6%) children/young people with intellectual disabilities (crude mortality rate=388/100 000 person-years) and 528/156 439 (0.3%) children/young people without intellectual disabilities (crude mortality rate=36/100 000 person-years). SMRs for children/young people with versus those without intellectual disabilities were 10.7 for all causes (95% CI 9.47 to 12.1), 5.17 for avoidable death (95% CI 4.19 to 6.37), 2.3 for preventable death (95% CI 1.6 to 3.2) and 16.1 for treatable death (95% CI 12.5 to 20.8). SMRs were highest for children (27.4, 95% CI 20.6 to 36.3) aged 5-9 years, and lowest for young people (6.6, 95% CI 5.1 to 8.6) aged 20-24 years. SMRs were higher in more affluent neighbourhoods. Crude mortality incidences were higher for the children/young people with intellectual disabilities for most International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th Revision chapters. The most common underlying avoidable causes of mortality for children/young people with intellectual disabilities were epilepsy, aspiration/reflux/choking and respiratory infection, and for children/young people without intellectual disabilities were suicide, accidental drug-related deaths and car accidents. Conclusion Children with intellectual disabilities had significantly higher rates of all-cause, avoidable, treatable and preventable mortality than their peers. The largest differences were for treatable mortality, particularly at ages 5-9 years. Interventions to improve healthcare to reduce treatable mortality should be a priority for children/young people with intellectual disabilities. Examples include improved epilepsy management and risk assessments, and coordinated multidisciplinary actions to reduce aspiration/reflux/choking and respiratory infection. This is necessary across all neighbourhoods. ER  - 
The Epidemiology of Primary Headache Disorders$$$ Defining the epidemiology of headache disorders is challenging given the prevalence of stigma and other harmful misconceptions about these diseases. Understanding the widespread impact of these disorders is essential when considering social and policy interventions to mitigate that impact. Tension-type headache is still widely considered the most common primary headache disorder, but population-based estimates of its prevalence vary widely. Migraine remains the most common headache disorder in patients who present for clinical care. Prevalence estimates have remained fairly stable over the last two decades (1-year period prevalence, United States: 18% of women and 6% of men). Recent studies indicate that people who identify as American Indian/Alaskan Native (AI/AN) have the highest migraine prevalence of any ethnic group surveyed, particularly among AI/AN men (15% vs. <10%). Studies in the United States also show an inverse relationship between income level and migraine incidence and prevalence, particularly for chronic migraine; factors mediating this relationship are difficult to define. There are many diseases comorbid with migraine, more so with migraine with aura. The burden of migraine is enormous: the Global Burden of Disease study indicates migraine is the number 1 cause of disability in women younger than 50 years and the number 2 or 3 cause of disability worldwide. Further study is needed into underdiagnosis, undertreatment, and persistent stigma associated with headache disorders, especially in underserved communities. Stakeholders including patients, providers, and governing bodies are affected by the results of epidemiologic studies and should all have a role in crafting and evaluating thoughtful and relevant questions and hypotheses in this field. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy efficacy in adolescents with mental illness: A retrospective comparison$$$ Background: There is limited evidence on the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in adolescents with mental illness. The present study reported outcomes of adolescents with mental illness treated with ECT aimed at providing evidence for large-scale feasibility. Objectives: The primary objective of this trial was to examine the differences in demographic and clinical data between responders and non-responders. The secondary objective was to determine whether ECT produced differential readmission rates, the burden of oral medication, and social function in responders and non-responders in the long term. Methods: Patients aged 14–18 years diagnosed with schizophrenia (SCZ), major depressive disorder (MDD), or bipolar disorder (BD) who received ECT between 2015 and 2020 were included in the study. Demographic and clinical data were compared, and both short-term and long-term outcomes were assessed: response on the Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement scale and readmission at follow-up. The independent-sample t–test was used to compare the continuous variables and the X2 test was used to compare the dichotomous variables with statistical significance at P ≤ 0.05. Results: Four hundred ten adolescents (aged 14–18 years, 53.90% female) received ECT for SCZ, MDD, and BD. The response rate for SCZ, MDD, and BD were 65.61, 78.57, and 69.95%, respectively. Both SCZ (P = 0.008) and BD (P = 0.008) groups had a significant elder age in responders than in non-responders. Besides that MDD responders had a significantly larger number of ECT sessions than non-responders (P = 0.046), the study failed to find a significant difference in other ECT parameters. A significantly higher proportion of readmission was found in BD non-responders than in responders (P = 0.029), there was no difference in the rate of readmission in other diagnostic groups. Conclusions: These data suggested that ECT is an effective treatment for adolescents with severe mental illness, and the rate of readmission was low in the long term. The present study supports that large-scale systematic studies are warranted for further investigation of the response rate of ECT for treating adolescents with mental illness. ER  - 
Underuse of recommended treatments among people living with treatment-resistant psychosis$$$ Background: International guidelines recommend that individuals with treatment-resistant psychosis must be treated with clozapine. ECT has also been reported to improve symptom profiles. Identification of clozapine and/or ECT use in real-world practice enables understanding of the extent to which this evidence-base is implemented. Setting: Statewide public health tertiary referral service, the Tertiary Referral Service for Psychosis (TRSP), NSW, Australia. Objectives: To (i) describe clinical characteristics of individuals with treatment-resistant psychosis and to detail the proportion who had received a trial of clozapine or ECT at any point during their illness course; (ii) describe the characteristics of the treatment trials in both those currently on clozapine and those previously on clozapine; (iii) document reasons in relevant individuals why clozapine had never been used. Methods: All TRSP clients who met the criteria for treatment resistance (TR) were included. A detailed casenote review was conducted to examine whether clozapine and/or ECT had ever been prescribed. Characteristics of clozapine and ECT trials were documented. Tertiary service treatment recommendations are described. Findings: Thirty-six of 48 individuals had TR. They had marked clinical and functional impairment. A minority were currently receiving clozapine (n = 14/36). Most had received a clozapine trial at some point (n = 32/36). Most experienced persistent clinical symptoms while on clozapine (n = 29/32). Clozapine plasma levels were very rarely reported (4/32). Augmentation and antipsychotic polypharmacy were common among those currently on clozapine. The median clozapine trial duration was 4.0 (IQR: 3.0–20.3) months in individuals previously prescribed clozapine. Reasons for clozapine discontinuation included intolerable side effects (n = 10/18) and poor adherence (n = 7/18). One-quarter of TR individuals had trialed ECT (n = 9/36). Tertiary service recommendations included routine plasma monitoring to optimize dose among people currently on clozapine; clozapine retrial in those previously treated; and clozapine initiation for those who had never received clozapine. ECT was recommended to augment clozapine and as an alternative where clozapine trial/retrial was not feasible. Conclusion: Among people with TR referred to a tertiary service, clozapine and ECT were underutilized. Clozapine trials are typically terminated without an adequate trial. Strategies to optimize the use of clozapine therapy and ECT in clinical settings are needed to increase the therapeutic effectiveness of evidence-based therapies for treatment-resistant psychosis. ER  - 
Long-term Efficacy and Safety From an Open-Label Extension of Adjunctive Cenobamate in Patients With Uncontrolled Focal Seizures$$$ Background and ObjectivesTo evaluate long-term efficacy (percent seizure frequency reduction and responder rates), safety, and tolerability of adjunctive cenobamate (CNB) in an open-label extension (OLE) of the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.MethodsPatients (aged 18-70 years) with uncontrolled focal seizures despite treatment with 1-3 antiseizure medications who completed the 18-week double-blind study (n = 360) could enter the OLE, where they underwent a 2-week blinded conversion to CNB (target dose, 300 mg/d; min/max, 50/400 mg/d).ResultsThree hundred fifty-five patients were included in the OLE safety population (265 originally randomized to CNB, 90 originally randomized to placebo), and 354 were included in the OLE modified intent-to-treat population. As of July 2019, 58.9% of patients (209/355) were continuing CNB treatment and 141 had discontinued, including 16.6% (59/355) because of lack of efficacy, 8.7% (31/355) because of withdrawal by patient, and 7.6% (27/355) because of adverse events. The median (range) duration of OLE exposure was 53.9 (1.1-68.7) months. Retention rates at 12, 24, 36, and 48 months were 83%, 71%, 65%, and 62%, respectively. Median percent seizure frequency reduction over baseline increased with each 6-month OLE interval, up to 76.1% at months 43-48. Among observed patients, 16.4% (36/220) achieved 100% and 39.1% (86/220) achieved ≥90% seizure reduction during >36-48 months. Among the initial OLE modified intent-to-treat population, 10.2% of patients (36/354) achieved 100% and 24.3% (86/354) achieved ≥90% seizure reduction during >36-48 months. Similar to the double-blind study, adverse events (AEs) included dizziness, somnolence, fatigue, and headache. Serious AEs occurred in 20.3% of patients (72/355).DiscussionLong-term efficacy, including 100% and ≥90% seizure reduction, was sustained during 48 months of CNB treatment, with 71% retention at 24 months. No new safety issues were identified. These results confirm the findings of the double-blind study and support the potential long-term clinical benefit of CNB.Classification of EvidenceThis study provides Class IV evidence that oral CNB 50-400 mg/d is effective as an adjunctive treatment for the long-term management of patients with uncontrolled focal seizures previously treated with 1-3 ASMs.Trial Registration InformationClinicalTrials.gov NCT01866111 (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/results/NCT01866111). ER  - 
Clinical Findings on Chromosome 1 Copy Number Variations$$$ Copy number variants (CNVs) are a major contribution to genome variability, and the presence of CNVs on chromosome 1 is a known cause of morbidity. The main objective of this study was to contribute to chromosome 1 disease map, through the analysis of patients with chromosome 1 CNVs.A cross-sectional study was performed using the array comparative genomic hybridization database of the Genetic Department of the Faculty of Medicine. Patients with pathogenic (P) or likely pathogenic (LP) CNVs on chromosome 1 were selected for the study. Clinical information was collected for all patients. Databases and related literature were used for genotype-phenotype correlation.From a total of 2,516 patients included in the database we identified 24 patients (0.95%) with P (9 patients) or LP (15 patients) CNVs on chromosome 1. These CNVs account for 6.1% (24/392 CNVs) of the total P/LP CNVs in the database. Most common CNVs found were in the 1q21.1-1q21.2 region.This study reinforces the association between chromosome 1 CNV and neurodevelopmental disorders and craniofacial dysmorphisms. Additionally, it also strengthened the idea that CNVs interpretation is not always a linear task due to the broad spectrum of variants that can be identified between benign and clearly pathogenic CNVs. ER  - 
Kyphoplasty for Elderly Patients With Vertebral Compression Fractures—Do We Save Lives? Mortality Rates Analysis Comparison in a Long-Term Follow-Up Cohort$$$ Study Design: Retrospective cohort. Objectives: We aimed to compare a large cohort of patients with vertebral compression fractures (VCF) treated in 2 centers using different protocols (conservative vs BKP) and compare mortality rates on a long-term follow-up. Methods: Retrospective cohort held in 2 medical centers (W and AH). All patients admitted with VCF from November 2008 to January 2015 were enrolled in the study. Exclusion criteria were patients admitted with non-osteoporotic pathological fractures (such as metastatic or MM). Results: Our study included 208 patients treated for VCF, 127 were treated with BKP (88 females, 69.3%) and 81 were treated conservatively (59 females, 72.8%). Patients from Centre W were older and frailer compared to the patients from AH center (Average age 75.12 ± 11.16 vs 69.13 ± 9.61 years and Frailty score of 0.16 ± 0.1 vs 0.12 ± 0.1 respectively, T-test, p < 0.01 for both). Hazard ratios (HR) for age, female gender and frailty were significant for increased mortality, frailty had the highest HR of 182.42 (CI 29.05-1145.33, p < 0.01). Multivariate Cox model was fitted and after accounting for Gender, Age and Frailty, no significant difference was found between the 2 medical centers mortality rates (p = 0.59), thus no difference in mortality rates between BKP and conservative treatment in our study. Conclusion: long-term follow-up following BKP treatment for VCF did not show a reduced mortality rate compared to conservative treatment after accounting for frailty, age and gender. Frailty was the most important factor in predicting mortality. Further RCTs are needed to compare the quality of life differences between the 2 treatment strategies. ER  - 
A cross-sectional nationwide survey of osteosclerotic skeletal dysplasias in Japan$$$ Background: The osteosclerotic skeletal dysplasias (OSSDs) are a heterogeneous group of disorders characterized by systemic bone sclerosis. Little is known about OSSDs because of their rarity. We conducted a cross-sectional nationwide survey of OSSDs and examined the incidence, epidemiology, and therapeutic interventions on these disorders. Methods: This study consisted of a two-step survey. The number of patients with OSSDs who had visited medical institutions between April 2017 and March 2018 was reported from a total of 341 facilities (1364 departments from pediatrics, orthopaedic surgery, neurosurgery, and otolaryngology in each facility) by the first questionnaire. In the secondary survey, their clinical features were assessed by collecting demographic data, diagnostic details, current status, family histories, therapeutic interventions, histories of bone fracture and osteomyelitis, severity assessed by the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) and recent lifestyle conditions of the patient by the EQ-5D. Results: In the first survey, 51 facilities (56 departments) reported one or more OSSDs patients, including 50 patients with osteopetrosis and 57 patients of other OSSDs. Among 87 patients eligible for inclusion in the analysis in the secondary survey, we investigated detailed information on the 42 patients with osteopetrosis. The number of initial visits of osteopetrosis patients during the surveillance period was five per year, indicating that the estimated incidence of osteopetrosis seemed to be 0.6 per 100,000 live births. Eighty-six bone fractures were reported in 22 patients (52%), and interventions of pseudarthrosis were conducted in five patients. Nine patients (23%) showed significant disabilities with the mRS of grade 3 or higher. Neurological complications and severe anemia were the factors that deteriorate patients’ quality of life. Conclusions: This is the first study to examine the detailed epidemiology of OSSDs in Japan. We demonstrated that the incidence of OSSDs is extremely rare. Bone fragility and delayed fracture healing seem to be important orthopaedic problems for patients with osteopetrosis. ER  - 
Mobility, educational, and social performance of children with learning problems in Taiwan: A 3-year follow-up study$$$ Aim: This study evaluated the performance of children with learning problems in Taiwan by using the Taiwan Data Bank of Persons with Disability. Method: We included 3854 children (2343 males, 1511 females; mean [SD] age 9y 11mo [2y 4mo]) with specific learning disorder (SLD), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism, epilepsy, or intellectual disabilities for analysis. We used the Functioning Scale of the Disability Evaluation System-Child version to investigate performance at follow-up for at least 3 years. Results: These participants demonstrated improvement across all the domains of the International Classification of Functioning, Health, and Disability including for mobility, learning, social participation, and daily living. The children with SLD (p=0.3) and epilepsy (p=0.442) did not demonstrate significant improvement in learning, whereas those with ADHD (p<0.001), autism (p<0.001), and intellectual disabilities (p<0.001) did. The children with epilepsy displayed the most impairment and least improvement. Interpretation: This cross-diagnostic study of learning problems indicated the children with autism or ADHD received more structural education. However, education strategies for those with SLD or epilepsy required improvement. Finally, SLD is possibly underdiagnosed in children, and children with epilepsy are affected in multiple aspects. What this paper adds: Specific learning disorder (SLD), ADHD, autism, epilepsy, and intellectual disability can cause learning problems in children. Children with ADHD and autism showed more improvement in academic performance. SLD has been neglected and underdiagnosed, resulting in poor improvement. Children with epilepsy have multiple impairments and exhibited minimal improvement. ER  - 
Long-term open-label perampanel: Generalized tonic–clonic seizures in idiopathic generalized epilepsy$$$ Objective: Assess the longer-term efficacy and safety of adjunctive perampanel (up to 12 mg/day) in patients aged ≥12 years with generalized tonic–clonic (GTC) seizures from the Open-label Extension (OLEx) Phase of Study 332 to determine whether responses obtained during the Core Study are maintained during long-term treatment. Methods: Patients with GTC seizures previously enrolled in a randomized placebo-controlled trial of perampanel could enter an OLEx Phase comprising 6-week blinded conversion (during which patients previously randomized to placebo-switched to perampanel) and up to 136-week maintenance periods (maximum perampanel dose of 12 mg/day). A 4-week follow-up period was completed by all patients after the last on-treatment visit during the OLEx. We assessed seizure frequency outcomes from preperampanel baseline and the Core Study Pre-randomization Phase, retention rates, doses selected, and treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Results: Overall, 138 patients entered the OLEx. Median percent reductions in GTC seizures per 28 days from preperampanel were 77% (Weeks 1-13) and 90% (Weeks 40-52). Retention rates were 88% (6 months) and 75% (12 months). Seizure-freedom rates were maintained for at least 2 years regardless of prior treatment received during the Core Study. Most common modal daily dose was >4-8 mg/day (n = 93). Across the Core and OLEx Phases, 120 (87%) patients experienced TEAEs; the most common was dizziness. Significance: Perampanel was generally well-tolerated, and the TEAEs reported here are consistent with the known safety profile of perampanel. Perampanel offers a long-term treatment option for patients (aged ≥12 years) with GTC seizures. ER  - 
Patient complexity, depression, and quality of life in patients with epilepsy at an epilepsy center in Japan$$$ Objective: The relationship between care complexity and quality of life among patients with epilepsy has not been assessed, especially in Japan. The aim of this study is to test the hypothesis that care complexity is associated with health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and mood disturbance. Method: This was an observational cross-sectional study. The study included a consecutive series of 49 patients who newly visited an epilepsy center. Study participants were administered standardized quantitative measures of HRQOL, case complexity, and depression. Results: Patient complexity predicted lower HRQL scores. Data on the social and psychological complexity domains predicted patient HRQOL findings more accurately than data from the biological domain of the case complexity scale. Seizure frequency was unrelated to HRQOL findings in this study. Additionally, depression scores were also associated with lower HRQOL. Significance: A patient complexity assessment, including psychological and social domains, may be one of the key tools in epilepsy treatment settings. Further studies using larger random selection from patients with epilepsy are necessary to generalize the findings to patients in other epilepsy programs. ER  - 
Factors Associated With Hospital Readmission Among Patients Experiencing Homelessness$$$ Introduction: Homelessness is associated with increased acute care utilization and poor healthcare outcomes. This study aims to compare hospital readmission rates among patients experiencing homelessness and patients who are not homeless and assess the impact of different clinical and demographic characteristics on acute care utilization among patients experiencing homelessness. Methods: This was a retrospective study of patients encountered in 2018 and 2019 at ChristianaCare Health Systems. The analysis was done in August 2021. The prevalence of major chronic conditions among patients experiencing homelessness (n=1,329) and those not experiencing it (n=143,360) was evaluated. Patients experiencing homelessness were matched with nonhomeless patients using 1:1 propensity score matching. Time-to-event analysis approaches were used to analyze time-to-readmission and 30-day readmission rates. Results: The 30-day readmission rates were 42.8% among patients experiencing homelessness and 19.9% among matched patients not experiencing homelessness. The hazard of 30-day readmission among patients experiencing homelessness was 2.6 (95% CI=1.93, 3.53) times higher than that among the matched nonhomeless cohort. In patients experiencing homelessness, drug use disorder, major depressive disorder, chronic kidney disease, obesity, arthritis, HIV/AIDS, and epilepsy were associated with shortened time to readmission. Moreover, Black racial identity was associated with shortened time to readmission. Conclusions: Patients experiencing homelessness had higher acute care utilization than those not experiencing homelessness. Black racial identity and several comorbidities were associated with increased acute care utilization among patients experiencing homelessness. Efforts to address upstream social determinants of health, destigmatization, and healthcare management accounting for the whole spectrum of clinical comorbidities might be important in promoting the health of people experiencing homelessness. ER  - 
Case series of giant Cavernomas: Clinical presentation and management recommendations$$$ Background: Cavernous malformations are vascular anomalies filled with blood at different stages, nonetheles, there is no precise definition for giant cavernomas. Literature suggests a cut-off at 6 cm to classify them as giant. This is a rare pathology with few case reports, and there are no specific recommendations for giant cavernomas. We made a review of information previously published and based on our experience we propose a series of recommendations for surgical treatment of giant cavernous malformations. Methods: A retrospective review of the patients treated at the Neurosurgery Department in Centro Médico Nacional Siglo XXI was made. Only those with a final histopathological result of cavernoma and a MRI with a maximum diameter equal to, or greater than 6 cm were selected. Results: The cases of five patients (3 females and 2 males), who had a surgical resection are presented. They all have heterogeneous clinical manifestations and presumptive diagnosis upon admission. The diagnosis of giant cavernoma was confirmed through histopathology. Conclusion: Even though a diagnosis of cavernoma is not uncommon, giant cavernomas are rare. They should be considered in the differential diagnosis of medically refractory epilepsy, neurological focalization, and cerebral hemorrhages that increase or do not decrease its volume during follow-up. When achievable, surgical total resection is the treatment of choice for these lesions. ER  - 
Does gabapentin impact response to anticholinergics for overactive bladder?$$$ Introduction and hypothesis: It is unknown whether gabapentin modulates the therapeutic effect of anticholinergics (AC) in patients with overactive bladder. We hypothesized that pre-existing gabapentin use would improve response rates in these patients. Methods: Female patients treated with AC between 2010–2018 were identified. Data were collected on gabapentin use, indication, dose and duration of use as well as demographic and clinical characteristics. Patients were stratified by those that only took AC and those that took both AC and gabapentin (“combination therapy”). Response was determined through chart review. Descriptive statistics were expressed as medians and interquartile ranges (IQR). Pairwise analysis was performed using Wilcoxon rank-sum. Multivariable logistic regression was used to identify independent variables predicting response. A subgroup analysis was performed in patients with chronic pain disorders. Results: Seven hundred fifty-six subjects met all criteria; 16.5% (n = 125) were on combination therapy. Those taking gabapentin were more likely to have chronic (49.6% vs. 22.5%, p < 0.001) or neuropathic pain (25.6% vs. 9.4%, p < 0.001) and to use narcotics (41.6% vs. 15.5%, p < 0.001). Patients taking combination therapy were not more likely to improve compared to patients taking AC alone (41.6% vs. 47.7%, p = 0.211), which persisted after adjusting for confounders (aOR = 1.02, 95% CI: 0.63–1.65). In the 182 patients with chronic pain, those receiving combination therapy were more likely to respond than those taking AC alone (35.2% vs. 21.9%, p = 0.0015), although this did not persist after adjusting for confounders (aOR = 1.15, 95% CI: 0.70–1.90). Conclusions: Pre-existing gabapentin use does not seem to influence response to AC in patients with overactive bladder. ER  - 
Dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumors of childhood: Ege University experience$$$ Background: Dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumors (DNETs) are rare, low-grade tumors of the central nervous system (CNS) of childhood. It is an important cause of intractable epilepsy, and it is surgically curable. We aimed to review our institutional experience with DNET in children. Methods: Medical records of children aged less than 18 years of age diagnosed with DNET between 2009 and 2020 at Ege University Hospital were reviewed. Clinical features of the patients including age, gender, initial symptoms, duration of symptoms, medical treatments, age at the time of surgery, tumor location, degree of surgical resection, and outcome of the patients were documented. Results: We reviewed the records of 17 patients with DNETs. Twelve of them were male (70%), 5 of them female (30%). The median age was 11 years (19 months–17 years). The major symptom was a seizure in all of the patients. Thirteen patients presented with complex partial seizures, whereas 2 had a simple partial seizure, and 2 generalized tonic–clonic seizures. Seven patients had drug resistant epilepsy and had received at least two anti-epileptic drugs before surgery. The median duration of symptoms was 6.6 months (0–48 months). In surgery, total surgical resection was performed in 15 patients, and 2 patients underwent partial resection. From these 15 patients, seven patients underwent lesionectomy of the tumor while the other eight patients had extended lesionectomy. The mean follow-up time was 107 months (54–144 months), the seizure control was achieved in 14 patients (82.4%) after surgery, but 3 patients experienced tumor recurrence in the follow-up. Conclusion: In DNETs, the complete total resection of the lesion is generally associated with seizure-free outcomes. In the patients with partial resection and lesionectomy, MRI follow-up is recommended for recurrence. ER  - 
Cognitive deficiency, parental relationship, and coping strategies are related with anxiety and depression among parents of children with epilepsy$$$ Background: The diagnosis of epilepsy in a child often and understandably causes psychological adjustment difficulties in the parents. To help parents of children with epilepsy cope with stress, it is important to understand how parents cope with the sickness of their child. The objective of this study was to assess factors related to the state of anxiety and depression among parents of children with epilepsy. Methods: The present study was a cross-sectional study, and the data were collected through an anonymous, Internet-based survey platform between October 2018 and October 2019 from 250 participants aged 22–65 years. Participants were invited to fill questionnaires include socioeconomic questionnaire, anxiety, depression, and coping strategies scale. Result: Among the parents of children with epilepsy, 48.8% (122/250) had depressive symptoms (Patient Health Questionnaire-9 [PHQ-9] score>4) and 46.4% (116/250) had anxiety symptoms (7-item Generalized Anxiety Disorder [GAD-7] score>5). Depression among parents of children with epilepsy was significantly associated with comorbidity (odds ratio [OR] = 0.392, 95% CI = 0.182–0.846), a poor parental relationship (OR = 0.283, 95% CI = 0.130–0.614), positive coping (OR = 0.947, 95% CI = 0.903–0.992), and negative coping (OR = 1.287, 95% CI = 1.179–1.405). Anxiety among parents of children with epilepsy was significantly associated with a poor parental relationship (OR = 0.416, 95% CI = 0.207–0.835) and negative coping (OR = 1.155, 95% CI = 1.087–1.228). Conclusions: The present study indicates the importance of couple support and providing effective coping to make parents of children with epilepsy more resilient in the presence of negative life events, especially for parents of children with comorbidity with cognitive deficiency. ER  - 
Impaired Affect Perception in Presence of Spared Electrodermal Activity with Affective Stimuli Among Children with Specific Learning Disorder: A Controlled Study$$$ Introduction: The aim of this study was to compare children with Specific Learning Disorders (SLD) and matched controls in terms of nonverbal communication skills, understanding of emotions, electrodermal activity (EDA) changes and response latencies measured with affective stimuli. Method: The study was designed as a single-center, cross-sectional, controlled study. KA-SI Empathic Tendency Scale-Child Form, Test of Perception of Affect-Via Nonverbal Cues (TPANC) were used for both groups. The TPANC test was performed in 4 different sessions (for picture, video, audio and textual stimuli), and during each session, the EDA was measured from the non-dominant hand. Stimuli were given at 15 second intervals in the tests and phasic changes within 3–8 seconds after the stimulus was accepted as skin conductance responses related to the stimulus in accordance with the literature. The responses and response latency during the TPANC test were recorded by the clinician. Results: 31 children with SLD and 31 healthy controls were included in the study. The mean ages for SLD and controls were 10 years 6 months and 10 years 1 month; respectively. In the SLD group, the number of correct responses in all subtests of TPANC was statistically significantly lower than controls (p<0.05). When TPANC subtests response latencies were compared, there was a significant increase in the SLD group compared to controls (p<0.05). The groups did not display a significant difference in EDA changes while providing responses in TPANC. Conclusion: Our results contribute to the literature on the affect recognition and its autonomic correlates among children with SLD. However, dependence on a single-modality for autonomic nervous system reactivity and limited sample size may affect our results and further studies with larger samples employing multiple domains of autonomic reactivity may be needed. ER  - 
Treatment Status and Healthcare Cost Trends for Patients with Multiple Sclerosis in Japan: A Claims Database Analysis$$$ Introduction: The healthcare situation of multiple sclerosis (MS) and its course are not being thoroughly investigated in Japan. We aimed to examine the current healthcare situation, including treatment and healthcare costs, of MS according to duration since its first diagnosis using Japanese real-world data to determine unidentified healthcare issues at each disease stage. Methods: This retrospective, non-comparative, non-interventional study used a Japanese nationwide claims database (April 2008–August 2018) comprising 20 million patients from 329 acute care hospitals (as of June 2018). Treatment patterns, comorbidities, healthcare resource utilization, and healthcare costs were analyzed using longitudinal analyses of patients with MS according to duration since the first diagnosis. The time from diagnosis to first treatment was examined using Kaplan–Meier analysis. Results: We identified 7067 patients with MS [mean (standard deviation) age at first diagnosis 45.0 (16.2) years]. About 70% of the patients did not receive disease-modifying therapy (DMT) within the first year of diagnosis. The frequency of DMT use decreased in patients with a longer duration since the first diagnosis. MS treatment costs tended to increase with a longer duration from the first diagnosis until 9 years, followed by a tendency to decrease; contrastingly, other healthcare costs tended to increase with duration after decreasing from the year of the first diagnosis to the next year. The frequencies of hospitalizations and hospital visits, healthcare costs—excluding those for MS treatment and tests—and prevalence of comorbidities tended to be higher in patients with a longer duration since the first diagnosis. Conclusion: A considerable proportion of patients did not receive DMT, suggesting that patients with early-stage MS may lose the opportunity to improve their prognosis through early intervention with DMT. Among patients with a longer duration since the first diagnosis, fewer treatment choices may be available despite the larger clinical and treatment burden. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of a large cohort of patients with narcolepsy candidate for pitolisant: a cross-sectional study from the Italian PASS Wakix® Cohort$$$ Introduction: Narcolepsy is a chronic and rare hypersomnia of central origin characterized by excessive daytime sleepiness and a complex array of symptoms as well as by several medical comorbidities. With growing pharmacological options, polytherapy may increase the possibility of a patient-centered management of narcolepsy symptoms. The aims of our study are to describe a large cohort of Italian patients with narcolepsy who were candidates for pitolisant treatment and to compare patients’ subgroups based on current drug prescription (drug-naïve patients in whom pitolisant was the first-choice treatment, switching to pitolisant from other monotherapy treatments, and adding on in polytherapy). Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional survey based on Italian data from the inclusion visits of the Post Authorization Safety Study of pitolisant, a 5-year observational, multicenter, international study. Results: One hundred ninety-one patients were enrolled (76.4% with narcolepsy type 1 and 23.6% with narcolepsy type 2). Most patients (63.4%) presented at least one comorbidity, mainly cardiovascular and psychiatric. Pitolisant was prescribed as an add-on treatment in 120/191 patients (62.8%), as switch from other therapies in 42/191 (22.0%), and as a first-line treatment in 29/191 (15.2%). Drug-naive patients presented more severe sleepiness, lower functional status, and a higher incidence of depressive symptoms. Conclusion: Our study presents the picture of a large cohort of Italian patients with narcolepsy who were prescribed with pitolisant, suggesting that polytherapy is highly frequent to tailor a patient-centered approach. ER  - 
Transition from pediatric to adult care among patients with epilepsy: Cross-sectional surveys of experts and patients in Korea$$$ Objectives: Many pediatric patients with epilepsy require treatment beyond the pediatric age. These patients require transition to an adult epilepsy center. Currently, many centers worldwide run epilepsy transition programs. However, a standardized protocol does not exist in Korea. The basic data required to establish a transition program are also unavailable. We aimed to assess the status and perceptions of patients and epilepsy care providers on transition. Methods: To assess the status of epilepsy transition, we retrospectively collected data from patients with epilepsy older than 18 years who visited our pediatric epilepsy clinic between March 1990 and July 2019. To assess the perception of transition, we surveyed patients, parents, pediatric neurologists (PN), and adult epileptologists (AE). Results: In a retrospective chart review, 39 of 267 (14.6%) patients visited the adult epilepsy clinic after consulting a pediatric neurologist, and three patients returned to the pediatric center. The average patient age at transition was 23.29 ± 5.10 years. A total of 94 patients or their guardians and 100 experts participated in the survey. About half of the patients or guardians (44.7%) did not want to transition and emotional dependence was the commonest reason. Most patients (52.1%) thought that the appropriate age of transition was above 20 years. PNs had greater concerns about patients' compliance than AEs. Regarding the age of transition, AEs believed that a younger age (18 years) was more appropriate than PNs (20 years). Significance: This study describes difficulties in the transition from pediatric to adult epilepsy centers without appropriate support. There were differences in perspectives among patients, parents, and adult and pediatric epilepsy care providers. This study can assist in creating a standardized protocol in Korea. ER  - 
The relationship between prior psychiatric diagnosis and brain cancer diagnosis in the U.S. military health system$$$ Purpose: Prior research suggested the increased likelihood of brain cancer diagnosis following certain psychiatric diagnoses. This association may result from detection bias or suggest an early sign for brain cancer. This study investigated whether psychiatric illness may be an early manifestation of brain cancer while considering potential effects of detection bias. Methods: This case–control study used the data from the Department of Defense’s Central Cancer Registry and the Military Health System Data Repository. Four cancer-free controls and one negative-outcome control (cancers not associated with psychiatric illness) were matched to each brain cancer case diagnosed from 1998 to 2013 by age, sex, race, and military status. The groups were compared in the likelihood of having a pre-existing psychiatric diagnosis using conditional logistic regression. Results: We found a significant association of psychiatric illnesses with brain cancer (Odds Ratio (OR) = 2.63, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 2.18–3.16) and other cancers (OR = 1.80, 95% CI = 1.49–2.19), compared to non-cancer controls. The association was stronger for psychiatric diagnoses within three months before cancer (brain cancer: OR = 26.77, 95% CI = 15.40–46.53; other cancers: OR = 4.12, 95% CI = 1.96–8.65). The association with psychiatric disorders within 3 months were higher for small brain tumors (OR = 128.32, 95% CI = 17.28–952.92 compared to non-cancer controls) while the OR was 2.79 for other cancers (95% CI = 0.86–8.99 compared to non-cancer controls). Conclusion: Our findings suggest an association between diagnosed psychiatric illnesses and subsequent brain cancer diagnosis, which may not be solely explained by detection bias. Psychiatric illness might be a sign for early detection of brain cancer beyond the potential effects of detection bias. ER  - 
Trastuzumab deruxtecan in HER2-positive breast cancer with brain metastases: a single-arm, phase 2 trial$$$ Trastuzumab deruxtecan is an antibody–drug conjugate with high extracranial activity in human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive metastatic breast cancer. We conducted the prospective, open-label, single-arm, phase 2 TUXEDO-1 trial. We enrolled patients aged ≥18 years with HER2-positive breast cancer and newly diagnosed untreated brain metastases or brain metastases progressing after previous local therapy, previous exposure to trastuzumab and pertuzumab and no indication for immediate local therapy. Patients received trastuzumab deruxtecan intravenously at the standard dose of 5.4 mg per kg bodyweight once every 3 weeks. The primary endpoint was intracranial response rate measured according to the response assessment in neuro-oncology brain metastases criteria. A Simon two-stage design was used to compare a null hypothesis of <26% response rate against an alternative of 61%. Fifteen patients were enrolled in the intention-to-treat population of patients who received at least one dose of study drug. Two patients (13.3%) had a complete intracranial response, nine (60%) had a partial intracranial response and three (20%) had stable disease as the best intracranial response, with a best overall intracranial response rate of 73.3% (95% confidential interval 48.1–89.1%), thus meeting the predefined primary outcome. No new safety signals were observed and global quality-of-life and cognitive functioning were maintained over the treatment duration. In the TUXEDO-1 trial (NCT04752059, EudraCT 2020-000981-41), trastuzumab deruxtecan showed a high intracranial response rate in patients with active brain metastases from HER2-positive breast cancer and should be considered as a treatment option in this setting. ER  - 
Factors associated with comorbid epilepsy in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A large cohort study$$$ Objective: Comorbid epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) occur in 12–22% of cases and the diagnosis of both simultaneous disorders is challenging. We aimed to identify baseline characteristics that may help distinguish patients with PNES-only from those with comorbid epilepsy. Methods: We performed a longitudinal cohort study on those patients diagnosed with PNES in our epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) between May 2001 and February 2011, prospectively followed up until September 2016. Patients were classified into PNES-only, PNES + possible or probable epilepsy, and PNES + definite epilepsy based on the clinical, vEEG, and neuroimaging data. Demographic and basal clinical data were obtained from chart review. Multiple regression models were performed to identify significant predictors of PNES + definite epilepsy, excluding patients with only possible or probable epilepsy for this specific analysis. Results: One-hundred and ninety four patients with PNES-only, 30 with PNES + possible or probable epilepsy and 47 with PNES + definite epilepsy were included. 73.8% were female and the mean age at EMU admission was 37.4 ± standard deviation 13.5 years. Patients with PNES + definite epilepsy most likely had never worked, had history of febrile seizures, structural brain lesions, developmental disabilities, and maximum reported seizure duration between 0.5 and 2 min. Patients with PNES-only were on fewer anti-seizure medications (ASM), reported more frequently an initial minor head trauma, seizures longer than 10 min, and a higher number of neurological and medical illnesses – being migraine (18.1%), other types of headaches (18.5%), and asthma (15.5%) the most prevalent ones. All p < 0.05. On the hierarchical regression analysis, history of febrile seizures, developmental disabilities, brain lesions, longest reported seizure duration between 0.5 and 2 min, and lack of neurological comorbidity, remained as significant predictors of PNES + epilepsy. The model's performance of a 5-fold cross-validation analysis showed an overall accuracy of 84.7% to classify patients correctly. Conclusions: Some demographic and clinical characteristics may support the presence of comorbid epilepsy in patients with PNES, being unemployment, the presence of brain lesions, developmental disabilities, history of febrile seizures, seizure duration and lack of comorbid headaches the most relevant ones. ER  - 
Adherence to Medication in Neurogeriatric Patients: Insights from the NeuroGerAd Study$$$ Nonadherence to medication is associated with increased morbidity, mortality, and healthcare costs, especially in older adults with higher chances of multimorbidity. However, comprehensive data on factors influencing adherence in this patient group are rare. Thus, data for 910 patients were acquired, including demographic data, nonadherence (Stendal Adherence to Medication), depression (Beck Depression Inventory), cognition (Montreal Cognitive Assessment), personality (Big Five Inventory), satisfaction with healthcare (Health Care Climate Questionnaire), quality of life (36-item Short Form Survey), mobility, diagnoses, and medication. Elastic net regularization was used to analyze the predictors of adherence. Principal component and general estimation equations were calculated to analyze the underlying patterns of adherence. Only 21.1% of patients were fully adherent. Nonadherence was associated with male gender, higher number of medications, diagnosis, depression, poor patient–physician relationship, personality, impaired cognition, and impaired mobility. Nonadherence was classified into three sub-factors: forgetting (46.2%), missing knowledge about medication (29%), and intentional modification of medication (24.8%). While depression exerted the strongest influence on modification, a high number of medications was associated with missing knowledge. The different patterns of nonadherence (i.e., modification, missing knowledge, and forgetting) are influenced differently by clinical factors, indicating that specific approaches are needed for interventions targeting adherence. ER  - 
Vitamin B6 decreases the risk of levetiracetam discontinuation in children with epilepsy: A retrospective study$$$ Objectives: Levetiracetam (LEV) is an anti-seizure medication (ASM) known to have significant behavioral side effects in children with epilepsy. These side effects may be improved by supplemental vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) use. Our research aimed to study risk factors for LEV side effects and the role of vitamin B6 in altering this risk. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the demographic and clinical profile of all pediatric patients on LEV treatment between July 2019 and December 2020. T-tests, Chi-square and Fisher exact tests were used to assess predictors of LEV discontinuation. A p-value of <0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: 150/240 (62%) children were on additional medications besides LEV for epilepsy management. Thirty-five percent children reported side effects, especially behavioral and mood concerns. Of the patients who reported side effects on LEV, 71% were taking vitamin B6 (n = 59). The rate of LEV discontinuation was significantly lower for children on vitamin B6 than children not taking B6, regardless of monotherapy or polypharmacy (49% v 88% respectively, p = 0.001). Over half of the patients who were able to remain on LEV reported improved behavior with B6 supplementation as compared to those who were unable to continue LEV (17/30, 57% versus 0/26, 0%; p < 0.001). Conclusions: Levetiracetam side effects significantly impact the tolerability of this ASM in children with epilepsy. Our results suggest that vitamin B6 supplementation can significantly reduce the odds of discontinuing LEV due to its behavioral side effects. ER  - 
Dual burdens of felt stigma and depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy: Their association with social anxiety, marriage, and employment$$$ Purpose: The present study evaluated whether patients with epilepsy with dual conditions of felt stigma and depressive symptoms are more strongly associated with social anxiety, being unmarried, and being unemployed than those with depressive symptoms or felt stigma alone. Methods: This multicenter, cross-sectional study evaluated subjects using the Stigma Scale-Revised, the Patient Health Questionnaire-9, and the six-item versions of the Social Interaction Anxiety Scale, and the companion Social Phobia Scale. Subjects were grouped by depressive symptoms and felt stigma into four groups. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed. Results: The 298 subjects included 173 men and 125 women. Of these subjects, 35 (11.7%) had depressive symptoms alone, 33 (11.1%) had stigma alone, and 27 (9.1%) had both depressive symptoms and felt stigma. Multivariate logistic regression analyses showed that, compared with the control group having neither depressive symptoms nor felt stigma, the odds ratios (ORs) for social interaction anxiety and social phobia were highest in the group of dual conditions (OR 18.7 and 13.5, respectively), followed by the depression-alone (OR 7.7 and 4.6, respectively) and stigma-alone (OR 5.0 and 2.8, respectively) groups. Similarly, the ORs for being unmarried (OR 29.2) and unemployed (OR 3.1) were significant only in the group of dual conditions. In addition, male sex and younger age were independently associated with being unmarried whereas seizures recurring ≥1 per month were independently associated with being unemployed. Conclusions: Dual conditions of felt stigma and depressive symptoms may be more strongly associated with social anxiety, being unmarried, and being unemployed than depressive symptoms or felt stigma alone in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Incidence of mental health conditions by seizure control among adults with epilepsy in the United States$$$ Background: Mental health conditions (MHCs) are frequent comorbidities among people with epilepsy; however, the influence of seizure control on the incidence of MHCs is not well reported. This retrospective observational cohort study based on claims data evaluated the effects of indicators of poor seizure control on the incidence of MHCs among MHC-naïve people with epilepsy. We hypothesized that poor seizure control is associated with new-onset MHC diagnoses and/or new prescription drugs for MHCs. Methods: This study utilized a sample of patients from HealthVerity Marketplace, which includes more than 150 US commercial, Medicare, and Medicaid payers, to identify a cohort of adults (age ≥18 years) with prevalent epilepsy. Follow-up started on day 1 (January 1) after a 1-year eligibility assessment period occurring in calendar year 2017 or 2018. Patients were followed up until the occurrence of an incident MHC event (primary outcome), defined as a mental health diagnosis or psychotropic drug prescription. Time from follow-up to incident MHC diagnosis or to a drug prescription specific to depression or anxiety disorder was analyzed as a secondary outcome. Multivariate Cox proportional hazards regressions were estimated with time-varying covariates, measured in 6-month intervals during follow-up. Time-varying covariates were based on the occurrence of 4 variables used as indicators of poor seizure control in the prior period: epilepsy-related emergent care admissions, epilepsy-related inpatient admissions, epilepsy electroencephalography referrals, and exposure to one or more new antiseizure medications (ASMs). Results: From a random sample of 40,000 people with epilepsy, 2563 (mean age 46.1 years; 50.6% male) were included in the analysis. Incident MHC events were observed in 27.7% (incidence rate 24.4 events per 100 person-years over 2,915.7 total person-years of follow-up). Mean (standard deviation [SD]) time to event was 232.7 (186.3) days. Among the 4 variables, epilepsy-related emergent care admissions were associated with an increased risk of incident MHC events in the following 6-month period (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.676, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.386, 2.026, p < 0.001) as were prescriptions for new ASMs in the previous period (HR = 1.702, 95% CI: 1.359, 2.132, p < 0.001). Previous epilepsy-related emergent care admissions (HR = 1.650, 95% CI: 1.347, 2.021, p < 0.001) and new ASMs (HR = 1.632, 95% CI: 1.280, 2.081, p < 0.001) also predicted an increased risk of incident depression or anxiety in the following 6-month period. Conclusions: Previous indicators of poor seizure control, including epilepsy-related emergent care admissions and new ASMs, predicted increased risk of new MHC events, including depression and anxiety, during the following 6-month interval in MHC-naïve patients with prevalent epilepsy. These data suggest that poor seizure control can increase the subsequent risk of new mental health diagnoses and treatment among people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of prophylactic levetiracetam for prevention of epileptic seizures in the acute phase of intracerebral haemorrhage (PEACH): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial$$$ Background: The incidence of early seizures (occurring within 7 days of stroke onset) after intracerebral haemorrhage reaches 30% when subclinical seizures are diagnosed by continuous EEG. Early seizures might be associated with haematoma expansion and worse neurological outcomes. Current guidelines do not recommend prophylactic antiseizure treatment in this setting. We aimed to assess whether prophylactic levetiracetam would reduce the risk of acute seizures in patients with intracerebral haemorrhage. Methods: The double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 3 PEACH trial was conducted at three stroke units in France. Patients (aged 18 years or older) who presented with a non-traumatic intracerebral haemorrhage within 24 h after onset were randomly assigned (1:1) to levetiracetam (intravenous 500 mg every 12 h) or matching placebo. Randomisation was done with a web-based system and stratified by centre and National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score at baseline. Treatment was continued for 6 weeks. Continuous EEG was started within 24 h after inclusion and recorded over 48 h. The primary endpoint was the occurrence of at least one clinical seizure within 72 h of inclusion or at least one electrographic seizure recorded on continuous EEG, analysed in the modified intention-to-treat population, which comprised all patients who were randomly assigned to treatment and who had a continuous EEG performed. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02631759, and is now closed. Recruitment was prematurely stopped after 48% of the recruitment target was reached due to a low recruitment rate and cessation of funding. Findings: Between June 1, 2017, and April 14, 2020, 50 patients with mild-to-moderate severity intracerebral haemorrhage were included: 24 were assigned to levetiracetam and 26 to placebo. During the first 72 h, a clinical or electrographic seizure was observed in three (16%) of 19 patients in the levetiracetam group versus ten (43%) of 23 patients in the placebo group (odds ratio 0·16, 95% CI 0·03–0·94, p=0·043). All seizures in the first 72 h were electrographic seizures only. No difference in depression or anxiety reporting was observed between the groups at 1 month or 3 months. Depression was recorded in three (13%) patients who received levetiracetam versus four (15%) patients who received placebo, and anxiety was reported for two (8%) patients versus one (4%) patient. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events in the levetiracetam group versus the placebo group were headache (nine [39%] vs six [24%]), pain (three [13%] vs ten [40%]), and falls (seven [30%] vs four [16%]). The most frequent serious adverse events were neurological deterioration due to the intracerebral haemorrhage (one [4%] vs four [16%]) and severe pneumonia (two [9%] vs two [8%]). No treatment-related death was reported in either group. Interpretation: Levetiracetam might be effective in preventing acute seizures in intracerebral haemorrhage. Larger studies are needed to determine whether seizure prophylaxis improves functional outcome in patients with intracerebral haemorrhage. Funding: French Ministry of Health. ER  - 
Characterization of metabolites from 4CN-MDMB-BUTINACA and Benzyl-4CN-BUTINACA using human hepatocytes followed by LC-QTOF-MS analysis$$$ Aim: In 2021, almost one new psychoactive substance per week entered the European market according to the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction. Among the new psychoactive compounds are a subclass of synthetic cannabinoids which mimics the effects of Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the major psychoactive component in cannabis. Synthetic cannabinoids are full cannabinoid receptor agonists and are more potent than THC, leading to intoxications that results of seizures, psychoses, acute kidney injury, tachycardia, stroke, agitation, and there are even reports of synthetic cannabinoid associated deaths. Among the newly introduced new synthetic cannabinoids seized in the European Union are Benzyl-4CN-BUTINACA (N-benzyl-1-(4-cyanobutyl)-1H-indazole-3-carboxamide) and 4CN-MDMB-BUTINACA (methyl 2-{[1-(4-cyanobutyl)-1H-indazole-3-carbonyl]amino}-3,3-dimethylbutanoate). Synthetic cannabinoids are known to be extensively metabolized in the body, resulting in very low concentrations of the parent compound. Therefore, the metabolites found in biological samples can become of great importance to prove the use of new synthetic cannabinoids. Method: The aim of this study was to characterize metabolites after incubation with human hepatocytes from these two drugs, namely Benzyl-4CN-BUTINACA and 4CN-MDMB-BUTINACA, analysed by liquid chromatography-quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry, LC-QTOF-MS and to generate two reference spectra of the in vitro phase I and phase II metabolites. Results: After five hours of incubation with human hepatocytes were ten metabolites detected for Benzyl-4CN-BUTINACA. The major metabolites were hydroxylation, dihydrodiol, dehydration, dealkylation, decyanation and glucuronidation. Three metabolites were also the result of cyanide release. The most abundant metabolite was a dihydrodiol followed by a metabolite resulting from decyanation, dehydration and dihydroxylation. After five hours of incubation with human hepatocytes for 4CN-MDMB-BUTINACA were twelve metabolites detected. The major metabolites were–ester hydrolysis, ester hydrolysis + hydroxylation and ester hydrolysis + dehydrogenation. Two phase II metabolites were also detected, and both were glucuronides–hydroxylation + glucuronidation and ester hydrolysis + glucuronidation. Three metabolites also resulted from cyanide release. Conclusion: Interestingly, for both 4CN-MDMB-BUTINACA and Benzyl-4CN-BUTINACA were several biotransformations indicted the release of cyanide, a proposed toxic metabolic pathway. ER  - 
Electroencephalographic findings in ATRX syndrome: A new case series and review of literature$$$ Alpha-thalassemia X-linked intellectual disability syndrome (ATRX) is a rare genetic condition caused by mutations in the ATRX gene characterized by distinctive dysmorphic features, alpha thalassemia, mild-to-profound intellectual disability, and epilepsy, reported in nearly 30% of the patients. To date, different types of seizures are reported in patients with ATRX syndrome including either clonic, tonic, myoclonic seizures or myoclonic absences. However, an accurate analysis of electroencephalographic features is lacking in literature. We report on the epileptic and electroencephalographic phenotype of seven unpublished patients with ATRX syndrome, highlighting the presence of a peculiar EEG pattern characterized by diffuse background slowing with superimposed low voltage fast activity. Likewise, we also review the available literature on this topic. ER  - 
Impact of medications, mood state, and electrode placement on ECT outcomes in treatment-refractory psychosis$$$ Background: Treatment-refractory psychosis (TRP) is a significant clinical challenge. While clozapine is frequently effective, alternate or augmentation strategies are often necessary. Evidence supports effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), but questions remain about optimal treatment parameters and impacts of concomitant pharmacotherapy. Objective: /Hypothesis: To analyze the impact of clozapine, anticonvulsant medication, mood state, and ECT electrode placement on outcomes in TRP. We hypothesized that ECT would lead to greater reduction in positive symptoms, particularly in patients receiving clozapine. Methods: Retrospective study in a tertiary TRP program. The Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) was used for clinical outcomes, with positive subscore as primary outcome. Clinical and ECT data were analyzed using a linear modelling approach, controlling for relevant covariates. Results: A total of 309 patients were included. ECT plus clozapine associated with greater improvement in positive, general, and total symptoms than ECT alone. ECT associated with greater improvement in negative symptoms in depressed patients. Bifrontal placement was mostly equivalent to bitemporal, with greater reduction of positive symptoms in patients receiving clozapine, and associated with lower electrical dose in patients on anticonvulsants. Clozapine increased seizure duration, while anticonvulsants decreased it. Anticonvulsant use in ECT patients associated with equivalent to slightly improved symptom reduction. Conclusions: ECT's benefit in TRP may be greatest in patients receiving clozapine. ECT can improve negative symptoms in depressed TRP patients. Bifrontal placement is effective in TRP. Clozapine and anticonvulsants have opposite effects on seizure duration, but anticonvulsants may not adversely affect clinical outcomes of ECT for TRP. ER  - 
WE-136. A clinico electrophysiological study of psychogenic nonepileptic seizure in eastern Indian population$$$ Introduction: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are events which resemble seizure clinically but do not have an electrical co-relation in electroencephalogram and have an underlying psychological cause for the same. Incidence of PNES is approximately 1.5/100,000 persons per year. The incidence is about 4% of that of incidence epilepsy. However, in epilepsy units almost a quarter of patients with difficult to treat epilepsy may be actually having nonepileptic events. Methods: This is a retrospective study done at a referral Neuroelectrophysiology Laboratory at Durgapur, West Bengal. Patients with a diagnosis of psychological nonepileptic attacks (PNES) were studied during the study period of January 2019 to February 2020. Patients’ demographics, comorbidities and clinical phenomenology were studied. Results: A total of 90 patients were diagnosed with PNES during the study period, of which 68 were female (75.56%) and 22 (24.44%) were male. The most common age group was from 11-30 years which constituted about 67% of the study population. The least common group was above 40 years (5.5%). The clinical features observed were classified into common patterns observed in the study population. The most common pattern during the nonepileptic attacks were hyperventilation in one third of the patients. Tremor of limbs was seen in 20% of the patients. Other common clinical patterns were unresponsiveness with speech difficulty, flinging movements of limbs. 10% of patients had crying along with the other manifestations. None of our patients had tongue bite, urinary or fecal incontinence. The common comorbidities in the study population were underlying psychological diseases in 20 patients (18.2%). Generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder (15.5%) and depression (6.6%) were the common disorders related to PNES. Migraine and other headache disorders like tension headache was seen in 25 patients (27.7%). Pain disorders like fibromyalgia and myofascial pain was associated in 15 patients (16.5%). 5 patients had a diagnosis of epilepsy with associated PNES. It was observed that almost 20% of the study population, excluding those with epilepsy, were started on antiepileptic agents for the PNES which was subsequently stopped after the confirmation of the diagnosis of PNES. Conclusion: PNES is quite common and proper diagnosis with VEEG can help in avoiding unwanted treatment. Hyperventilation, tremors, and unresponsiveness are the common manifestations. Comorbidities like psychological illness, migraine, and fibromyalgia are very common in patients with PNES. ER  - 
WE-137. EEG after a first unprovoked seizure — a population-based study in Gothenburg, Sweden$$$ Introduction: The ILAE definition of epilepsy includes one unprovoked seizure and a 60 % risk of seizure recurrence. EEG is recommended as part of the diagnostic work-up after a first unprovoked seizure. Recent studies indicate that epileptiform activity is associated with a risk of recurrence of a seizure >60% in selected populations. However, there are, to our knowledge, no studies investigating the impact of the results of EEG on clinical management of patients with a first unprovoked seizure (i.e., is EEG an important part of the diagnostical algorithm?). Methods: All adult patients from greater Gothenburg catchment area (n=694,981) referred to our department for an EEG after a first unprovoked seizure from August 2016 – December 2019 were included in this retrospective study. Results of the EEG, clinical assessment by a neurologist and subsequent follow-up were recorded, including how the result of the EEG influenced clinical decision and management. 81 patients were diagnosed with epilepsy already at the first neurological evaluation. Of the remaining 446 patients, 205 patients presented with a single unprovoked seizure and a history of previous one or more indeterminable paroxysmal events (and therefore not fulfilling the diagnostic criteria of epilepsy). The remaining 241 patients presented with a single unprovoked seizure only. The analysis was stratified by pre-EEG-history; all patients/epilepsy/single seizure + history of one or more paroxysmal events/single seizure only. Recurrence rate was estimated with Kaplan-Meier and log-rank statistics. If applicable, 95% confidence interval is presented in parenthesis. Results: The yield of epileptiform activity was 8.2%/14.8%/7.3%/6.6%. Specificity of epileptiform activity for epilepsy was 97.9% (95.7-99.1%)/not applicable/98.0% (94.3-99.6%)/97.7% (94.2-99.4%) and sensitivity was 18.1% (13.0-24.2%)/not applicable/22.6% (12.3-36.1%)/17.9% (9.6-29.2%). The recurrence rate was 33.6% (29.4-37.9%)/73.9% (63.5-84.2%)/23.7% (17.5-29.8%)/28.8% (22.7-34.8%), with the presence of epileptiform activity on EEG the recurrence rate was 84.1% (73.0-95.1%)/100% (n/a)/80.0% (59.8-100%)/75.0% (53.8-96.2%). The result of the EEG had an impact on diagnosis or treatment in 4.9%/8.6%/5.4%/3.3% of cases. Conclusion: In this population-based study yield of epileptiform activity, specificity and sensitivity was in concordance with previous studies. Presence of epileptiform activity on EEG was associated with a risk of recurrence of a seizure being >60%. However, the impact of EEG results on clinical management was quite low. ER  - 
TU-107. TMS is Effective in Localizing Language Cortices in a Cohort of Children and Individuals with Neurological Conditions and Intellectual Disability$$$ Introduction: Language mapping is a crucial part of the pre-surgical evaluation for patients with epilepsy or brain tumor. However, access to some techniques for functional mapping such as magnetoencephalography (MEG) and functional MRI (fMRI), without sedation, is limited in the pediatric population, in addition to individuals with neurodevelopmental disorders. Information from MEG and fMRI carried out under sedation are non-informative in about 30% of cases. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has recently emerged as a robust and practical non-invasive language mapping tool that is safe and well-tolerated by children and adolescents. In this study, we sought to further analyze the efficacy of TMS in identifying language dominance in a predominantly pediatric cohort with neurological conditions and in persons with neurodevelopmental disorders inclusive of autism spectrum disorder (ASD), ADHD, and ID. Methods: We performed a retrospective chart review and identified 233 patients (17.2 ± 6.9 y, 75% ≤ 18 y, 123 f) with epilepsy or brain tumor who underwent presurgical TMS language mapping and neuropsychological testing at our institution. Results: Patients were sorted into 7 groups based on standardized intelligence measures: moderately impaired (n = 20, 46.4 mean IQ), mildly impaired (n = 33, 62.7 IQ), borderline impaired (n = 51, 75.2 IQ), low average (n = 50, 84.8 IQ), average (n = 64, 98.1 IQ), high average (n = 13, 114.0 IQ), and superior (n = 2, 121.0 IQ). Hemispheric language dominance was conclusively determined in 87.5% of the moderately impaired group, 90.6% of the mildly impaired group, 89.8% of the borderline impaired group, 83.7% of the low average group, 85.5% of the average group, and 100% of the high average and superior groups. Dominance was also successfully determined in 92.3% of patients with ASD (n = 14), 91.8% of patients with ADHD (n = 51), and 89.6% of patients with ID (n = 53). Conclusion: Our data underscores the clinical utility of TMS, given that language dominance was successfully determined in children and adolescents with neurologic conditions with similar success rates across all IQ groups. TMS was highly useful in determining dominance in patients with ASD, ADHD, and ID, in whom language mapping can be particularly difficult. Our results indicate the utility of TMS in performing critical presurgical language mapping in a largely pediatric group of patients with neurological conditions and impaired IQ and lay the groundwork for further research into the effect of these disorders on the cortical organization of language function. ER  - 
Effect of Modified Bifrontotemporal Electroconvulsive Therapy on Executive Function in Patients With Psychiatric Illness: A Longitudinal Observational Study$$$ Objective The study was conducted to compare the pre-electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and post-ECT status of the executive functions of patients and report any deficits found at long-term follow-up. The secondary objective of the study was to compare the performance at executive function tests after ECT with patient characteristics and ECT parameters. Methodology In a prospective longitudinal observational study, 50 patients in the age group of 18 to 65 years who were receiving modified bifrontotemporal ECT for the first time and admitted in psychiatry ward of a tertiary care hospital from July 2015 to June 2016 were assessed for executive functions using a neuropsychological battery consisting of digit span forward, digit span backward, spatial span forward, spatial span backward, phonemic verbal fluency test, semantic verbal fluency test, Stroop test, and Wisconsin Card Sorting Test, a day before ECT and then followed up at 3 and 6 months. Results Patients' score improved on all the tests of executive function at 3-month follow-up and was significant for some tests. Improvement was sustained for all the tests 6 months after ECT. Number of years of formal education of patients before illness significantly influenced patients' performance on most of the executive function tests after ECT. Younger age of the patient positively influenced patients' performance on digit span forward and backwards and semantic verbal fluency. Conclusions There are no executive function deficits 3 to 6 months after brief pulse modified ECT with bilateral electrode placement. A higher premorbid education level is associated with better performance on executive functions after ECT. ER  - 
Cardiovascular Effects of High-Frequency Magnetic Seizure Therapy Compared With Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Background Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a novel convulsive therapy that has been shown to have antidepressant efficacy comparable to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with fewer cognitive side effects. However, the cardiovascular (CVS) effects of high frequency MST in comparison to ECT have not been investigated. Materials and Methods Forty-five patients with depression received 6 treatment sessions of 100 Hz MST versus 6 bifrontal ECT treatments in a nonrandomized comparative clinical design. Data on CVS function including heart rate (HR), systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and rate pressure product (RPP) were collected at baseline (T0), after the induction of anesthesia but before the electrical stimulation (T1), during convulsion (T2), 2 minutes after cessation of motor seizure (T3), 5 minutes after cessation of motor seizure (T4), and 10 minutes after cessation of motor seizure (T5). Comparisons were made with baseline data and between MST and ECT groups. Results There were statistically significant elevations in the maximum HR, SBP, DBP, and RPP in patients receiving ECT compared with MST both in the initial and sixth treatments (all P < 0.05). Particularly, at T2, the ECT group had significantly higher HR, SBP, DBP, and RPP than those in MST group both in initial and sixth treatment (all P < 0.001). At the sixth treatment, the ECT group had significantly higher SBP, DBP, and RPP during the treatment than in the MST group (all P < 0.001). Limitations The anesthetic choices for this study may limit the generalizability of our findings. The sample size was relatively small. Conclusions Compared with ECT, high-frequency MST has fewer CVS side effects and may be a safer option for depression patients with CVS disorders. ER  - 
An Examination of Electroconvulsive Therapy and Delivery of Care in Delirious Mania$$$ Objectives Delirious mania is a severe life-threatening syndrome, often misdiagnosed, and eminently treatable as a variant of catatonia. Our aim is to provide a comprehensive examination of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) parameters and clinical features, as well as describe the delivery of care of the patients with delirious mania. Methods A retrospective study was conducted of the ECT records at Stony Brook University Hospital from years 2014 to 2021. We characterized demographic and clinical variables, including psychiatric diagnoses and ECT parameters of patients identified with delirious mania. Results We identified 8 cases (3 women) of delirious mania with 8 corresponding acute treatment series. The mean age was 43.2 ± 12.6 years (range, 23-59 years). There were a total of 55 sessions performed with an average of 6.9 ± 2.6 (range, 5-13); 45 (82%) were bilateral (bifrontal or bitemporal) and 10 (18%) were right unilateral electrode placement. In 40 (73%) of the sessions, a high-energy stimulus was used (>60%, or 302 millicoulombs). Seizure duration measured on electroencephalogram was 47.4 ± 25.9 seconds (range, 0-143 seconds). Motor seizure duration measured on electromyogram was 32.7 ± 14.9 seconds (range, 0-66 seconds). In 6 cases, ECT was delayed for 10 days, and patients were given inappropriate treatments. High-dose antipsychotics caused worsened aggression and hemodynamic instability requiring physical restraints in 50% of cases. Conclusions The clinical presentation of delirious mania remains poorly recognized, and its treatment is often delayed, which may result in negative outcomes. Bilateral ECT with high-energy dosing yielded a rapid remission of symptoms. ER  - 
Acute Alcohol Intoxication in Pediatric Emergencies$$$ Introduction Alcohol intoxication in pediatrics is a growing problem in our environment. The objectives of this study are to define the prevalence of acute alcohol intoxication in the pediatric emergency department (PED) and to describe the associated symptoms and their relationship with potential risk factors. Methods and Material This cross-sectional study includes patients younger than 16 years with a diagnosis of acute alcohol intoxication between March 2010 and October 2018 in the PED of a tertiary hospital. Patients with concomitant intoxication by other substances were excluded. The association between qualitative variables was determined using the χ2 or Fisher exact test and quantitative with the Student t, Mann-Whitney U test, and simple linear regression. Results There were 136 episodes of alcohol intoxication, which represents a prevalence of 24.1/100,000 emergencies. After excluding 10 patients because of positive screening for other drugs, 126 patients with a mean age of 14.5 years (SD, 1.2 years) were included, 57.9% of whom were women. A total of 25.4% of the patients were younger than 14 years. Ethanolemia was determined in 88.9%, and its mean concentration was 195.7 mg/dL (SD, 56.5 mg/dL), with potentially serious levels (>300 mg/dL) being found in 3.6% of the patients. A relationship was found between the Glasgow Coma Scale score and ethanolemia (B = -12.7; 95% confidence interval, -8.1 to -17.4; P < 0.001), as well as with potassium (B = -31, 9; 95% confidence interval, -6.6 to -57.3; P = 0.014). No patient had seizures or hypoglycemia. A total of 10.3% of the patients required admission. Conclusions Alcohol intoxication is a rare consultation reason in the PED. They usually present with mild and self-limited symptoms, being the decrease in the level of consciousness and hypokalemia the most frequent symptom and analytical alteration. ER  - 
Benzodiazepine Use for Pediatric Patients With Suspected Nonconvulsive Status Epilepticus With or Without Simplified Electroencephalogram: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Objectives In the present study, we aimed to determine the changes in the administration rate of benzodiazepines for pediatric patients with suspected nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) before and after the introduction of simplified electroencephalography (sEEG) in the emergency department. Methods This retrospective cohort study included patients who were younger than 18 years and were admitted to the emergency department from August 1, 2009, to July 31, 2017, with altered level of consciousness and nonpurposeful movement of eyes or extremities after the cessation of convulsive status epilepticus. Patients with apparent persistent convulsions, those who were fully conscious on arrival, and those who were transferred from another hospital were excluded. The patients were categorized into pre and post groups based on the introduction of sEEG, and benzodiazepine administration was compared between the 2 groups. Results During the study period, 464 patients with status epilepticus visited our emergency department and 69 and 93 patients fulfilling the study criteria were categorized into the pre and post groups, respectively. There were no significant differences in patient background characteristics between the 2 groups. Simplified electroencephalography was recorded in 52 patients in the post group. Benzodiazepines were administered in 44 of 69 patients (63.8%) in the pre group and 44 of 93 (47.3%) in the post group, and the benzodiazepine administration rate was significantly decreased after the introduction of sEEG (P = 0.04). The hospitalization rate was significantly lower in the post group, but there were no significant differences in the rates of intensive care unit admission, reconvulsion after discharge, and final diagnoses between the 2 groups. Conclusions Simplified electroencephalography might aid in determining the need for anticonvulsant treatment for suspected NCSE in pediatric patients. Albeit not a definitive diagnostic tool, sEEG might be a reliable choice in the evaluation of pediatric patients with suspected NCSE. ER  - 
Quality of life after resection of a meningioma - A cross-cultural comparison of Indian and Australian patients$$$ Purpose To compare health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and symptom burden following meningioma resection in patients from two samples from Australia and India. This will add to the body of data on the longer-term consequences of living with a meningioma in two socio-economically and culturally different countries. Methods The European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) Core Quality of Life Questionnaire (QLQ-C30), Brain Neoplasm Module (QLQ-BN20) and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) were administered to 159 Australian and 92 Indian meningioma patients over 24 months postoperative. A linear mixed model analysis identified differences between groups over time. Results Australian patients reported better physical functioning in the early months after surgery (T1: mean diff: 19.8, p<0.001; T2: mean diff: 12.5, p = 0.016) whereas Indian patients reported better global HRQoL (mean: -20.3, p<0.001) and emotional functioning (mean diff:-15.6, p = 0.020) at 12-24 months. In general, Australian patients reported more sleep and fatigue symptoms while Indian patients reported more gastro-intestinal symptoms over the 2-year follow-up. Future uncertainty and symptoms common for brain tumour patients were consistently more commonly reported by patients in Australia than in India. No differences for depression and anxiety were identified. Conclusion This is the first cross cultural study to directly compare postoperative HRQoL in meningioma patients. Some differences in HRQoL domains and symptom burden may be explained by culturally intrinsic reporting of symptoms, as well as higher care support from family members in India. Although there were differences in some HRQoL domains, clinically meaningful differences between the two samples were less common than perhaps expected. This may be due to an Indian sample with high literacy and financial resources to afford surgery and follow up care. ER  - 
The Evaluation of the Diagnostic Performance of the BioFire FilmArray Meningitis/Encephalitis Panel in Children: A Retrospective Multicenter Study$$$ Objective Acute bacterial meningitis (ABM) declined after implementing conjugate Haemophilus influenzae type B and the pneumococcal vaccines worldwide. However, it still contributes to significant morbidity and mortality. The Biofire FilmArray Meningitis Encephalitis (FAME) panel can rapidly diagnose common bacterial and viral pathogens. Several studies suggested that the use of FAME may accelerate diagnosis and decrease the time to pathogen-specific therapy. However, the clinical utility is still controversial due to scarce data and relatively high costs. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the diagnostic performance of FAME in children. Methods A retrospective multicenter cross-sectional study was conducted to evaluate FAME in diagnosing ABM in children with a suspected central nervous system infection between January 2017 and May 2021. Results This study consisted of 179 children diagnosed with central nervous system infection who had parallel testing done using FAME and traditional microbiological diagnostic methods. Twenty-two FAME results were positive; 8 (36.3%) were bacterial pathogens and 14 (53.7%) were viral pathogens . The most common viral pathogen was human herpesvirus 6 (n = 6; 27.2%), followed by herpes simplex virus 1 (n = 4; 18.1%), Enterovirus spp. (n = 2; 9%), Parechovirus (n = 2; 9%), and Cytomegalovirus (n = 1; 4.5%). Bacterial pathogens included S. pneumoniae (n = 3; 13.6%), H. influenzae (n = 3; 13.6%), Neisseria meningitidis (n = 1; 4.5%), and Streptococcus agalactiae (n = 1; 4.5%). Bacterial culture confirmed S. pneumoniae infection in only 1 of 8 (12.5%) patients, while 7 of 8 bacterial meningitis were only detected by FAME. Conclusion FAME may also help with diagnosis and pathogen identification in patients who have already had antibiotics before cerebrospinal fluid collection. The use of FAME to detect infections quickly may minimize the improper use of medications, treatment duration, and the cost of hospitalization. ER  - 
Individual Prediction of Remission Based on Clinical Features Following Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Machine Learning Approach$$$ Objective: Previous prediction models for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) responses have predominantly been based on neuroimaging data, which has precluded widespread application for severe cases in real-world clinical settings. The aims of this study were (1) to build a clinically useful prediction model for ECT remission based solely on clinical information and (2) to identify influential features in the prediction model. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review to collect data (registered between April 2012 and March 2019) from individuals with depression (unipolar major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder) diagnosed via DSM-IV-TR criteria who received ECT at Keio University Hospital. Clinical characteristics were used as candidate features. A light gradient boosting machine was used for prediction, and 5-fold cross-validation was performed to validate our prediction model. Results: In total, 177 patients with depression underwent ECT during the study period. The remission rate was 63%. Our model predicted individual patient outcomes with 71% accuracy (sensitivity, 86%; specificity, 46%). A shorter duration of the current episodes, lower baseline severity, higher dose of antidepressant medications before ECT, and lower body mass index were identified as important features for predicting remission following ECT. Conclusions: We developed a prediction model for ECT remission based solely on clinical information. Our prediction model demonstrated accuracy comparable to that in previous reports. Our model suggests that introducing ECT earlier in the treatment course may contribute to improvements in clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Factors Associated With Severe Illness in Patients Aged <21 Years Hospitalized for COVID-19$$$ OBJECTIVES: To describe coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)-related pediatric hospitalizations during a period of B.1.617.2 (D) variant predominance and to determine age-specific factors associated with severe illness. METHODS: We abstracted data from medical charts to conduct a cross-sectional study of patients aged <21 years hospitalized at 6 United States children's hospitals from July to August 2021 for COVID-19 or with an incidental positive severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 test. Among patients with COVID-19, we assessed factors associated with severe illness by calculating age-stratified prevalence ratios (PR). We defined severe illness as receiving high-flow nasal cannula, positive airway pressure, or invasive mechanical ventilation. RESULTS: Of 947 hospitalized patients, 759 (80.1%) had COVID-19, of whom 287 (37.8%) had severe illness. Factors associated with severe illness included coinfection with respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) (PR 3.64) and bacteria (PR 1.88) in infants; RSV coinfection in patients aged 1 to 4 years (PR 1.96); and obesity in patients aged 5 to 11 (PR 2.20) and 12 to 17 years (PR 2.48). Having $2 underlying medical conditions was associated with severe illness in patients aged <1 (PR 1.82), 5 to 11 (PR 3.72), and 12 to 17 years (PR 3.19). CONCLUSIONS: Among patients hospitalized for COVID-19, factors associated with severe illness included RSV coinfection in those aged <5 years, obesity in those aged 5 to 17 years, and other underlying conditions for all age groups <18 years. These findings can inform pediatric practice, risk communication, and prevention strategies, including vaccination against COVID-19. ER  - 
SIGNS AND SYMPTOMS IN THE LAST DAYS OF LIFE OF THE GLIOBLASTOMA PATIENTS - A DESCRIPTIVE AND RETROSPECTIVE STUDY$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite scientific advances to develop techniques for early diagnosis and treatment of glioblastoma, the disease continues to have a remarkably poor prognosis. Studies have shown that in patients with glioblastoma, not only the presence of end-of-life signs and symptoms but also their frequency differs from those in the rest of cancer patients. The complexity of glioblastoma symptoms makes the integration of a palliative care philosophy essential. OBJECTIVE: To identify the main signs and symptoms that occur in patients with glioblastoma in their last seven days of life in a neuro-oncology ward. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This was a descriptive and retrospective study regarding the signs and symptoms in the last seven days of life of patients with glioblastoma who were admitted to the neurology ward of a national oncology reference center. The patients were admitted after neuro-oncologist consultations between 2019 and 2020. The data collection instrument used was based on the document “The Last Hours of Living”. Confidentiality of the participants was guaranteed, and authorization was obtained from the institution's ethics committee. RESULTS: The sample had 17 patients (13 men and 4 women), with an average hospital stay of 17.3 days. The men and women had average ages of 61.8 and 63 years, respectively. Clinical and nursing records revealed that the most prevalent signs and symptoms were “decreased level of consciousness” (94%); “rare and unexpected events” (94%); “respiratory dysfunction” (88%); and “loss of ability to swallow” (76%). In the last seven days of life, the approximate times of presentation for these signs and symptoms were: decreased level of consciousness, 6 days; rare and unexpected events, 2 days; respiratory dysfunction, 3 days; and loss of ability to swallow, 6 days. Support was requested from the in-hospital palliative care support team for 76.4% of patients. CONCLUSION: The identification of reduced level of consciousness and alterations in swallowing as the most prevalent symptoms is consistent with the findings of previous studies. The prevalence of rare and unexpected events (such as fever, myoclonus and seizures) aligns with previous studies that indicated a difference in the signs and symptoms presented by patients with glioblastoma in the last days of life and patients with other oncological diseases. In this sense, the instrument used for data collection may not be the most appropriate for the population with primary central nervous system tumors. The decreased level of consciousness and impaired communication can complicate the assessment of signs and symptoms, such as pain, nausea, anxiety and depression. It is essential to conduct research studies with more representative samples. The recording of the signs and symptoms presented, as well as interventions and the evaluation of their effectiveness, are essential to ensure the quality of end-of-life. ER  - 
MRI ALTERATIONS IN PATIENTS WITH PSYCHOGENIC NON-EPILEPTIC SEIZURES: PREVALENCE, DISTRIBUTION AND CLASSIFICATION OF THE FINDINGS$$$ Introduction: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are paroxysmic episodes that mimic an epileptic crisis without an electroencephalographic translation. A conversive psychiatric origin is attributed to this kind of episodes. However, beyond this psychiatric perspective, the possible neurobiological basis of the pathology has not received much attention. Some studies have documented structural and functional alterations in these patients, but without consistent results to support a causative hypothesis. The objectives of this study are: To evaluate the MRI findings in patients with PNES To classify the results To evaluate a possible structural basis of these episodes Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of the MRI studies conducted on patients of our epilepsy unit with a confirmed diagnosis of only PNES or epilepsy and PNES. A descriptive study of the findings in both groups was performed and compared with the incidental findings in the general population obtained from literature. The radiologic findings were classified into: vascular, tumoral, posttraumatic/gliotic, small vessel, cortical, hippocampal sclerosis, unspecific or normal studies, as well as into epileptogenic and non-epileptogenic. Results: Our study population was formed of 60 patients with a confirmed diagnosis of PNES and 16 patients with epilepsy and PNES (75% women, 25% men, mean age at diagnostic of 41 years). 55% of the patients with PNES had a pathologic finding, and 13% had a finding considered epileptogenic, whilst in the group with PNES and epilepsy, 81% showed a pathologic finding, and 31% were considered epileptogenic. The most frequent findings in the PNES group were unspecific, vascular and hippocampal sclerosis in this order, whilst in the epilepsy and PNES group were unspecific, hippocampal sclerosis and small vessel. Conclusions: Patients with PNES have a higher prevalence of abnormalities in MRI than the general population (around 18% according to existing literature) and this prevalence is even higher when associated with epilepsy. There is a higher prevalence of PNES among women. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Pediatric neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus: Case series from a tertiary care center in Eastern India$$$ Introduction: Neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSL E) is a serious manifestation of childhood onset SLE. In majority of the cases the central nervous system (CNS) involvement occurs during the first year of disease onset. We present a case series of NPSLE patients encountered during last 7 years in a tertiary pediatric care center in eastern India. Objectives: To evaluate the demographic, clinical, laboratory, radiological features of patients diagnosed as NPSLE as per the ACR 1999 classification and to evaluate the treatment given and response to treatment. Methods: It is a retrospective observational study of data of patients diagnosed as having NPSLE, admitted between January 2015 to April 2022 in the Department of Pediatrics, at Institute of Child Health, Kolkata. NP-SLE was defines as per the ACR 1999 classification. CNS manifestations due to secondary causes were ruled out. Results: Fifteen (n=15) patients were found to have NPSLE. 14 were females and 1 was male. The median age at onset of disease was 10 years (quartile 1: 9.5 yrs quartile 3: 12 yrs and IQR 2.5). 12 patients had NP manifestations at diagnosis of SLE, the rest manifested at 6, 12 and 14 months from diagnosis. Neuropsychiatric manifestatons was were variable. The most common manifestation, with 9 patients each,was cognitive dysfunction, psychosis and acute confusional state, anxiety and mood disorders followed by seizures (n=7), headache (n=3), cerebro vascular disease (n=3), aseptic meningitis (n=2), limb weakness (n=2), vertigo (n=1) and bulbar palsy with ptosis (n=1). amongst three patients has headche one had isolated headache as the only manifestation. Other system involvement were renal (n=6), musculoskeletol (=5), hematological (n=4), hepatitis (n=1) and pancreatitis (n=1). Anti-nuclear antibody (ANA) positivity was seen in all patients, anti double stranded DNA (anti dsDNA) was positive in seen in 10 and 2 patients were positive for antiphospholipid antibodies. MRI brain was done in all. 4 had normal MRI brain, 6 had diffuse brain atrophy, 2 had diffuse meningeal enhancement of which 1 also had cerebral venous sinus thrombosis, 1 had acute non hemorrhagic infract with beading in bilateral middle cerebral artery, 1 had ischaemic lesions and 1 had multifocal oedema. Depending on severity immunomodulator therapy was initiated with either pulse methyl prednisolone alone (n=2), cyclophosphamide alone (n=5), rituximab alone (n3) or a combination of Rituximab and cyclophosphamide (n=5). Maintenance was done with mycophenolate mofetil or azathioprine. Two APLA positive patients also received aspirin. One APLA negative patient received aspirin due to thrombotic lesion in brain. Steroids and hydroxychloroquine sulphate was given all. 4 patients had severe disease and were comatosed. All four recovered after 6 to 8 months of therapy with no residue. No patient had any further neuropsychiatric flare and there was no mortality. Conclusion: NPSLE is a serious manifestation of childhood onset SLE. Secondary causes of CNS manifestations should be ruled out especially infection. Prompt diagnosis and aggressive immunomodulator therapy results in good response. ER  - 
What if it is not a Functional Movement Disorder?$$$ Objective: To describe a consecutive cohort of patients with nonfunctional neurological diseases that were initially diagnosed as Functional Movement Disorders (FMD). Background: Functional and non-Functional neurological disorders may be hard to differentiate. A rate of 6-8% misdiagnosis has been reported, which is similar to that seen in other neurological and psychiatric disorders[1]. In this study we report our clinical experience. Methods: Retrospective chart review of consecutive patients evaluated in our FMD Unit between January 2017 and February 2022. Patients with no positive signs of FMD during our first consultation and with a final diagnosis other than FMD were identified. Patients who were thought to have functional overlay were excluded. Clinical and demographic features were extracted, with special focus on data from history and/or neurological exam that initially suggested FMD diagnosis. Results: Of 244 patients evaluated, 20 (8.19%) eventually had an alternative diagnosis different to FMD (85% females, mean age 58.52- +15.96 years). Eight patients had a previous history of a neurological disease (primary headaches and epilepsy) and 12 had a previous history of a psychiatric disease (75% depression and/or anxiety disorder). Most common clinical presentations were gait disorders, followed by muscle spasms or dystonia and limb weakness. Onset was acute/subacute in 12 (60%) cases. Most patients (85%) identified a plausible trigger in the preceding 3 months to symptom onset (50% were psychological). Inconsistency and variability of motor symptoms on exam as well as psychological comorbidity were the most common features associated with the initial diagnosis of FMD. Final diagnosis was: Motor neuron disease (4), spastic paraparesia (2), corticobasal syndrome (including one prion disease) (2), idiopathic dystonia (4), inheritedmyopathy (2), parkinsonism (2), stiff person syndrome (1), frontal ataxia (1), tics (1) and obsessive-compulsive disorder (1). Conclusions: We found that 8% of patients who were referred to our FMD Unit eventually had an alternative diagnosis. This is similarly to that previously reported and support that the follow-up of patients with suspected FMD is essential. In our experience, features such as middle age, being female, acute onset and a previous history of a psychiatric disease were pitfalls that might have introduced a diagnostic bias[2]. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Psychogenic non epileptic seizures: Are they a freeze reaction?$$$ Purpose: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) clinically resemble epileptic seizures (ES) but lack epileptic activity at the time of the seizure and are also not due to any other physiological disorder. The integrative cognitive model (ICM) suggests that PNES is an automatic reaction generated from distorted memory and is perceived as uncontrollable and unwanted. Furthermore, the ICM model implies that a PNES event occurs due to an external or internal cue. Intrigued by this assumption, we wanted to examine why a PNES event occurs at a particular moment. Are there any triggers and circadian periodicity?Methods: This study is a retrospective study. We included all patients diagnosed with PNES or ES admitted to our long-term video EEG monitoring unit (LTVEM) between 01/01/2018 and 30/08/2020. Using thorough video analysis, we checked the patient's state at the onset of the event and looked back to see what was the patient doing before the event onset. Thirty patients with PNES and 30 patients with ES were included in the final analysis.Results: In 34 of 46 seizures in the PNES group, 74%, and 25 of 30 patients with PNES, 83%, preceding behavior was recorded. In contrast, a preceding behavior was observed in only one of 56 ES recorded. The preceding behavior consisted mainly of inactivity.Conclusions: Patients with PNES have a preceding behavior before most PNES events with motor manifestations. Since the preceding behavior consists mainly of inactivity, we believe it may imply that PNES represents a freeze reaction. ER  - 
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on people with epilepsy living in Rwanda$$$ Purpose: Understanding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on persons living with epilepsy (PwE) is important, especially in Rwanda in view of the 4.9% high prevalence of epilepsy. In low-resource settings sustainable access to antiseizure medication is limited, especially during lockdown. Moreover, social isolation and imposed changes in daily routine might induce stress, increasing seizure frequency. We measured the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on access to care, psychological well-being and seizure frequency of persons living with epilepsy in Rwanda. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study with a study population consisting of PwE enrolled between February-December 2018 and between December 2020-January 2021 at the tertiary CARAES neuropsychiatric hospital (Kigali). Experienced researchers administered a telephone SARS-CoV-2 survey, including QOLIE-10 questions and a Kinyarwanda validated PHQ-9 questionnaire. Results: A total of 102 patients (47 female; mean age 34 years) were included. Before lockdown, 73 PwE were seizure-free. Seizure frequency did not change significantly during lockdown (p = 0.388), with only four patients reporting a seizure increase. Quality-of-life during lockdown was rated 'not good to very bad' in 24.8% of PwE, 47.5% felt downhearted and 91.1% were afraid of seizures. Depression was diagnosed in 15.7%, as opposed to 5.7% before lockdown. Only one patient with depression reported increased seizure frequency after having been seizure-free before lockdown. Five patients with depression reported more intense seizures during lockdown with similar seizure frequency. Shortage of anti-seizure medication at home during lockdown was reported by six PwE; one reported increased seizure frequency. Medication type was changed in another six patients with one reporting increased seizure frequency after having been seizure-free before lockdown and one reporting more intense seizures during lockdown with similar seizure frequency. Conclusion: Despite lockdown, access to care for PwE in Rwanda was maintained with limited impact of lockdown on seizure frequency, although psychological well-being was affected. ER  - 
Rapid onset of efficacy of XEN1101, a novel potassium channel opener, in adults with focal epilepsy: Results from a phase 2b study (X-TOLE)$$$ Purpose: This Phase 2b study was designed to assess the efficacy and safety of XEN1101 in focal onset seizures (FOS). XEN1101 is a novel, potent, selective KCNQ2/3 (Kv7.2/7.3) potassium opener being developed for FOS and major depressive disorder. Its pharmacokinetic properties support once daily oral dosing without titration. Methods: X-TOLE was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging study. Subjects had ≥4 FOS per month, recorded with an eDiary, and stable treatment with 1-3 antiseizure medications (ASMs). Results: A total of 325 subjects were randomized and treated across four treatment arms in a 2:1:1:2 ratio (25mg: 20mg: 10mg: placebo). XEN1101 demonstrated a dose-dependent reduction of 33.2% (p = 0.035, n = 46), 46.4% (p < 0.001, n = 51), and 52.8% (p < 0.001, n = 112) in the 10mg, 20mg, and 25mg groups, respectively, from baseline in median monthly FOS compared to placebo (18.2%, n = 114). A prespecified weekly assessment of seizure frequency was conducted followed by apost hoc statistical pair-wise comparison between placebo and each treatment. At week 1, XEN1101 demonstrated a dose-dependent reduction of 39.1% (p < 0.01), 41.5% (p = 0.04) and 55.4% (p < 0.001) in the 10mg, 20mg, and 25mg groups, respectively, from baseline in median FOS compared to placebo (20.2%). Conclusion: X-TOLE met the primary and key secondary efficacy endpoints with XEN1101 demonstrating a statistically significant, dose-dependent reduction in monthly FOS frequency compared to placebo. Consistent with lack of need for titration, there was a marked reduction in median FOS at week 1 in all doses compared with placebo. The rapid onset and sustained efficacy remain to be confirmed in Phase 3. XEN1101 may offer a compelling option for patients seeking an adjunctive therapy that quickly provides additional seizure reduction. ER  - 
Phase 2, placebo-controlled clinical study of oral ganaxolone in PCDH19-clustering epilepsy$$$ Purpose: This Phase 2 study (Violet Study) assessed the efficacy and safety of ganaxolone in PCDH19-clustering epilepsy. Methods: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial conducted at 20 sites in 7 countries. Eligible patients were female (1-17 years of age) with a pathogenicPCDH19 variant and uncontrolled (≥12) seizures (countable focal or generalized seizures with a clear motor component) during a 12-week period prior to screening. Patients prospectively tracked seizure frequency during a 12-week baseline prior to randomization (1:1) to ganaxolone or placebo, which was added to standard of care for the 17-week treatment period. Ganaxolone was taken TID at a maintenance dose of up to 63 mg/kg/day or 1800 mg/day maximum. The primary endpoint was the percentage change in seizure frequency from baseline during the treatment period. Additional secondary endpoints included ≥50% responder rate and clinical global impression of improvement (CGI-I). Results: Twenty-one patients were randomized (median age of 7.0 years). Patients in the GNX (n = 10) and placebo (n = 11) groups experienced a median 28-day baseline seizure frequency of 14.5 and 17.7, respectively. Following the treatment period, patients on ganaxolone had a median 61.5% reduction in PCDH19-associated seizures versus 24.0% on placebo (p = 0.17). Patients achieving ≥50% seizure frequency reduction were 50% in the ganaxolone group versus 36% for placebo. Clinicians rated 78% (n = 9) of ganaxolone-treated patients as “minimally improved” or “better” versus 36% placebo patients. Treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) occurred in 70% of ganaxolone and 100% of placebo patients with somnolence being the most common (40% GNX; 27% placebo). One patient on ganaxolone discontinued due to a serious TEAE (psychogenic nonepileptic seizure), which was adjudicated as treatment-related. Conclusions: Despite the limited sample size, ganaxolone-treated patients experienced directional improvements in seizure frequency compared to those on placebo. Ganaxolone was generally well-tolerated with no new safety findings. Sponsor: Marinus Pharmaceuticals. ER  - 
Epileptic spasms in children: Clinical-electroencephalographic aspects$$$ Introduction: Epileptic spasms (ES) are common in West (WS) syndrome, a devastating encephalopathy up to 2 years. Although rare by definition (occurring in 1 in 3200-3400 live births), ES is a major diagnostic, social and treatment burden in children up to 2 years of age. Purpose: Is to recognize the clinical-electroencephalographic manifestations in ES at early stages, to help the specialists involved in the early detection of the disease. Methods: Retrospective study on a group of 19 children with ES, up to 2 years of age, distributed as follows: 1-3 months (4 cases); 3-6 months (7); 6-12 months (5); > 1 year (3 cases), examined based on anamnesis and video footage. The clinical manifestations and characteristics of the electroencephalographic (EEG) pathways were evaluated and discussed. Results: The diagnosis of ES was based on the presence of ES (89.5%), their repetitive nature (79%), and preferential on awakening (68.4%). There was an increased incidence in boys (68.4%). At onset: spasm of the eyelids (15.8%) or facial muscles (10.5%); neck muscle strains (21%); trunk tension (21%); limb flexion (15.8%), their extension (10.5%), mixed spasms (5.4%); or isolated (57.9%), symmetrical (26.3%), asymmetric (15.8%). Atypical ES - common in infants (79%). Mental retardation anticipated ES (84.2%), relating to their early onset (89.5%). EEG at onset: burst suppression path (15.8%); typical hypsarhythmia (36.8%), modified hypsarhythmia (31.6%), hypsarhythmia with focal epileptiform changes (10.5%), lack of epileptiform changes (5.3%). Conclusions: Suspicion of WS at early stages is done by the presence of any type of spasms, associated with a wide variety of electroencephalography and neuropsychic depression. Early recognition of ES and WS etiologies is imperative for the differentiated choice of antiepileptic drug and the prevention of psychomotor disability. ER  - 
Pseudoresistance in idiopathic generalized epilepsies$$$ Purpose: The aim of the study was to determine risk factors associated with pseudoresistance in a representative cohort of patients with idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE) and the impact of pseudoresistance on socioeconomic parameters. Methods: We performed a literature review on definitions of pseudoresistance in IGE. In an established cohort of IGE patients from Funen, current or previous pseudoresistant patients were retrospectively identified based on a comprehensive evaluation of the patients' medical records and direct patient contact, if required. In addition, clinical characteristics, socioeconomic and demographic data were assessed. Personal interviews were used to determine the brief version of Barratts (BIS-8) impulsivity score. Results: The literature review provided the following definition of pseudoresistance:Seizures due to (I) lacking adherence to anti-seizure medication (ASM), (II) incompliance to general rules of conduct, (III) clinical suspicion of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, (IV) inadequate choice of ASM/dosage, and (V) incorrect classification of epilepsy. Applying criteria I-III to a cohort of IGE patients (n = 499), 73 patients (14.6%) were currently pseudoresistant and 62 (12.4%) were previously pseudoresistant but currently seizure free. Current pseudoresistance was associated with younger age, drug/alcohol abuse, lower rate of full-time employment and higher BIS-8 scores. We found no associations of pseudoresistance with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy, psychiatric disease, specific seizure types or number of seizure types. Previously pseudoresistant patients have tried more ASM and were characterized by male preponderance, higher BIS-8 and higher rates of abuse. Surrogate markers for social outcome did not differ. Conclusion: In IGE, pseudoresistance is associated with young age, drug/alcohol abuse and higher scores for impulsivity. If transient, its impact on socioeconomic status remains limited but may be associated with a risk of overtreatment with ASM. ER  - 
Long-term perampanel monotherapy and health-related quality of life in patients with newly diagnosed/currently untreated recurrent focal-onset seizures: FREEDOM study 342 extension phase$$$ Purpose: FREEDOM (NCT03201900) was a multicentre, Phase III, open-label study of perampanel monotherapy in patients aged ≥12 years with newly diagnosed/currently untreated recurrent focal-onset seizures (FOS), with/without focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures. We report health-related quality of life (HRQoL) data from FREEDOM as measured by the EuroQol 5-Dimension 5-Level (EQ-5D-5L) questionnaire. Methods: During the Core Study, patients received perampanel 4 mg/day (4-week Pretreatment [baseline]; 32-week Treatment [6-week Titration; 26-week Maintenance] with the possibility to up-titrate to 8 mg/day). Patients could enter an Extension Phase for an additional 26 weeks (total: 52 weeks). Seizure freedom was the primary endpoint (modified Intent-to-Treat [mITT] Analysis Set). Exploratory endpoints included EQ-5D-5L assessed in mITT across five domains (mobility, self-care, doing usual activities, pain/discomfort, and anxiety/depression) and change from baseline to End of Treatment (EoT; including Extension Phase) in the EQ-5D-5L; EQ visual analogue scale (VAS) was also assessed. Results: Overall, 89 patients received ≥1 perampanel dose; 73 patients entered the 4-mg/day Maintenance Period (mITT Analysis Set); 21 patients entered the 8-mg/day Treatment Phase. Forty-six patients entered the Extension Phase. Of 39 patients who entered the Extension Phase while seizure free, 31 (79.5%) patients had sustained seizure freedom for 52 weeks. At EoT, ≥77.5% of patients reported no problems across EQ-5D-5L domains. Overall, ≥60.6% of patients had no change, 2.8-21.2% showed an improvement and 7.0-18.3% had a worsening of problems across EQ-5D-5L domains at EoT respective to baseline. Change in EQ VAS from baseline to EoT (mean [standard deviation], 0.9 [15.4]) suggested that there was no change in the self-perceived health of patients. Conclusion: These data indicate that long-term perampanel monotherapy 4-8 mg/day is effective at sustaining seizure freedom and does not negatively affect HRQoL, with some patients showing an improvement in HRQoL across the domains. ER  - 
Status epilepticus in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy with Hippocampal Sclerosis (MTLE-HS) is the prototype of drug resistant epilepsy but little attention has been paid to status epilepticus (SE) in this constellation. We aimed to explore the differentiating characteristics of this situation.Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the data of 116 patients with MTLE-HS, diagnosed according to their clinical and neuroimaging features, who were followed by the epilepsy outpatient with a follow-up duration of 16.7 ± 7.1 years. Data were collected from the files, MRI and EEG archives to delineate the history of status epilepticus, clinical features and laboratory characteristics.Results: There were 18 patients (16 females) with SE in the main group and the remaining 98 patients (53 females; p = 0.08) without SE served as the control group. 10 patients had convulsive SE, 7 non-convulsive SE and 1 aura continua. Frequency of seizures (p = 0.000), age at seizure onset (p = 0.000),history of generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) (p = 0.031), mental retardation (p = 0.000), and psychosis (p = 0.03) were all higher in the SE group. Moreover, bilateral HS issignificantly higher (p = 0.04) in the SE group. The seropositivity ratio for anti-neuronal antibodies is also higher in the SE group (7/11 versus 19/93; p = 0.00). Engel 1 rate after surgery was lower in patients with SE (4/11) than patients without SE (43/49; p = 0.01). There were no significant differences between two groups according to age, history of febrile seizures, psychiatric disturbance, family history of epilepsy, additional focus, back ground activity on the EEG and sleep-related seizures.Conclusion: Female patients with MTLE-HS with more frequent seizures, history of GTCS, mental retardation, psychosis and bilateral HS along with anti-neuronal antibodies and unfavorable results of epilepsy surgery are at higher risk of SE for yet unexplained reasons. Our preliminary findings indicated a subgroup with a different pathophysiological background among the MTLE-HS group, associated with SE risk. ER  - 
Phase 2b Efficacy and safety of XEN1101, a novel potassium channel opener, in adults with focal onset seizures (X-TOLE)$$$ Purpose: This Phase 2b study was designed to assess the efficacy and safety of XEN1101 as adjunctive treatment in adults with focal onset seizures (FOS). XEN1101 is a novel, potent, selective KCNQ2/3 (Kv7.2/7.3) potassium channel positive allosteric opener being developed for FOS and major depressive disorder. Its pharmacokinetic properties support once daily oral dosing without titration. Methods: X-TOLE was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging study in adults. Subjects had ≥4 countable FOS per month, recorded with an eDiary, and stable treatment with 1-3 antiseizure medications (ASMs). Results: A total of 325 subjects with a median baseline FOS frequency of 13.5/month were randomized and treated across four treatment groups in a 2:1:1:2 ratio (25mg: 20mg: 10mg: placebo). The trial met its primary and secondary endpoints with XEN1101 demonstrating a dose-dependent reduction from baseline in FOS frequency of 33.2% (p = 0.035, n = 46), 46.4% (p < 0.001, n = 51), and 52.8% (p < 0.001, n = 112) in the 10mg, 20mg, and 25mg groups, respectively, compared to placebo (18.2%, n = 114). Responder rates of ≥50% reduction in FOS frequency were achieved in 28.3% (p = 0.037), 43.1% (p < 0.001) and 54.5% (p < 0.001) in the 10mg, 20mg, and 25mg groups, respectively, compared to placebo (14.9%). Comparing CGI and PGI scores in the 25mg and placebo groups, approximately twice as many subjects reported at least much improvement with XEN1101: 46.4% vs 22.8% (p < 0.001) and42.9% vs 21.9% (p = 0.001), respectively. The incidence of TEAEs was 67.4%, 68.6%, and 85.1% in the 10mg, 20mg, and 25mg groups, respectively, compared to placebo (62.3%). The incidence of treatment-emergent SAEs was balanced across study arms. The overall dropout was 12.3%; 96.5% of study completers entered the open label extension. Conclusion: At all doses, XEN1101 demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in FOS frequency compared to placebo and there was a corresponding dose-dependent improvement in responder rates. XEN1101 demonstrated a safety profile like other ASMs. ER  - 
Expanding the phenotypic and neuroimaging spectrum of PLPBP-related pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy$$$ Background: A relatively new subgroup of pyridoxal phosphate binding protein (PLPBP) has recently been identified as a cause of pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy. Purpose: To further delineate the phenotype of PLPBP variants. Methods: Retrospective review. We present clinical, molecular, and radiographic data from 8 unrelated cases with PLPBP variants and compare their presentation to previously reported cases. Results: Perinatal history was remarkable for: fetal distress in 2 patients, and microcephaly in 3 patients. All affected infants had seizures between day 1 and day 3 of life. Myoclonic seizures were the most frequent seizure symptomatology (4/8). Burst suppression (3/8) and multifocal spike discharges (3/8) were the commonest interictal EEG findings. The most frequently reported biochemical abnormalities in patients with PLPBP mutation which were evident in our study: metabolic acidosis with hyperlactatemia(3/8), anemia (3/8), and hyperglycinemia (1/8). MRI brain revealed global brain atrophy in all subjects (8/8), periventricular germinolytic cysts in (3/8), and other brain malformations (lissencephaly in 1 patient, and focal cortical dysplasia in 1 patient). Pyridoxine therapy resulted in an immediate reduction in seizure frequency and severity in all patients; none experienced respiratory depression. All patients were left with acquired microcephaly, variable degree of developmental delay (severe in 6/8, mild to moderate in 2/8), and 7 patients required additional anti-seizure medications. Conclusion: This study expands the clinical, laboratory, and neuroimaging spectrum of PLPBP-related disease. ER  - 
Psychiatric and cognitive adverse events of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) monotherapy on adults with focal seizures: Results from a randomized, double-blind, active-controlled study and a 2-year open-label extension study$$$ Purpose: Evaluate the incidence of psychiatric and cognitive adverse events(AEs) of eslicarbazepine acetate(ESL) monotherapy in adult patients with focal seizures(FS). Methods: Study -311 was a phase III, randomized, double-blind(DB), active-controlled (Carbamazepine, CBZ-CR), non-inferiority study, followed by a 2-year open-label extension(OLE), Study- 311/EXT. Subjects treated with ESL in DB continued with ESL(ESL/ESL) and subjects treated with CBZ-CR in DB were switched to ESL(CBZ-CR/ESL) during the OLE study. Psychiatric treatment-emergent AEs(TEAEs) and TEAEs affecting cognition were retrieved. Results: DB safety population contained 813 patients (401 ESL;412 CBZ-CR), of which 184 received ESL monotherapy throughout the OLE study (ESL/ESL, n = 96; CBZ-CR/ESL, n = 88). During DB, psychiatric TEAEs were reported by 14,7%and 17,5% of patients in ESL and CBZ-CR groups; related TEAEs: 4,0%(ESL) and 4,4(CBZ-CR) of patients; most frequently related TEAEs: anxiety (ESL: 0,7%; CBZ-CR: 0,5%), confusional state (ESL: 0,2%; CBZ-CR: 0,5%), depressed mood (ESL: 0,7%; CBZ-CR: 0,5%), depression (ESL: 0,7%; CBZ-CR: 0,0%), insomnia (ESL: 0,0%; CBZ-CR: 0,7%) and mood altered (ESL: 0,5%; CBZ-CR: 0,0%). In OLE, psychiatric TEAEs were reported by 2,1% (ESL/ESL) and 3,4% (CBZ-CR/ESL) of patients and no related psychiatric TEAEs were reported. Cognitive TEAEs were reported by 8,5% of patients in ESL and CBZ-CR groups during DB; related TEAEs: 5,0% (ESL) and 2,9%(CBZ-CR) of patients; most frequently related TEAEs: cognitive disorder (ESL:0,2%; CBZ-CR:0,7%), disturbance in attention (ESL:1,7%; CBZ-CR:0,5%), memory impairment(ESL: 1,5%; CBZ-CR: 1,0%) and irritability (ESL: 0,5%; CBZ-CR: 0,5%). In OLE, cognitive TEAEs were reported by 2,1% (ESL/ESL) and 2,3% (CBZ-CR/ESL) of patients; related cognitive related TEAEs were reported in 1,1% (ESL/ESL) and 1,0% (CBZ-CR/ESL) of patients. Conclusion: In this phase III, DB trial with OLE the analysis of psychiatric and cognitive TEAEs was consistent with the known safety profile of adjunctive ESL. It showed that adult patients with FS who took ESL in monotherapy on long-term treatment reported a low incidence of psychiatric and cognitive TEAEs. ER  - 
A retrospective study of the correlation between duration of monitoring in epilepsy monitoring unit and diagnostic yield$$$ Objective: Long-term video electroencephalographic (vEEG) monitoring is a valuable tool in the evaluation of paroxysmal clinical events. However, vEEG itself is costly. Hence, we aimed to establish whether longer duration of monitoring (DOM) is associated with higher diagnostic yield. Methods: A retrospective review of patients admitted to the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) for the diagnostic evaluation of paroxysmal events was performed. Patients' demographic, clinical and vEEG data were analysed. The odds ratio of achieving diagnostic studies was generated by comparison of odds between DOM ≥7 days versus > 7 days. For patients with DOM > 7 days, the reasons for prolonged DOM were identified and the differences in clinical characteristics and vEEG data between diagnostic and non-diagnostic studies were analysed. Result: A total of 501 patients was included. Four hundred and thirty-six (87%) patients had diagnostic studies. Of these, 67.9% patients with diagnostic studies received diagnosis within the first 7 days of monitoring with the highest during day 7. The odds ratio of diagnostic studies decreases with additional days of vEEG beyond 7 days. A total of 175 had DOM > 7 days of which 80.1% were diagnostic. In cohort with DOM > 7 days, patients with previous abnormal routine EEG, previous vEEG monitoring, first event recorded before day 5 of admission and more number of events were more likely to have diagnostic studies. The most common reason for DOM > 7 days was the need to record more events (76%). Conclusion: Our study supports that longer DOM was associated with an increase in diagnostic yield. More than one third of our cohort were monitored beyond 7 days with majority of these (80.1%) were diagnostic. Our findings may guide clinicians in planning DOM and predicting likelihood of diagnostic vEEG studies in patients with prolonged DOM based on clinical characteristics and vEEG data. ER  - 
Multicenter long-term evaluation of safety and efficacy aspects of anterior thalamic deep brain stimulation$$$ Purpose: The international multicentre Medtronic Registry for Epilepsy (MORE) aimed to evaluate the clinical routine application of deep brain stimulation of the anterior nucleus of the thalamus (ANT-DBS) with special regard to safety, efficacy, and outcome modifiers. Methods: In the registry, 179 adult epilepsy patients with ANT-DBS therapy were followed up for safety, efficacy, and battery longevity. The follow-up ended after a maximum of five years or upon closure of the study observation phase in September 2019. Thus, not all patients had the option to complete the 5-year follow-up (FU). Results: The median length of exposure to DBS therapy was 3.5 years, with 105, 63, and 49 patients reaching their 3-year, 4-year, and 5-year FU visits. The monthly seizure frequency gradually decreased, achieving a median reduction of -56% at 5-year FU (p < 0.0001), with most pronounced effects on focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (-77%, p = 0.0084). At last FU, 41% had a seizure frequency reduction ≥50% and thus classified as responders. Better seizure outcomes were observed in patients without previous resective epilepsy surgery and in patients with unifocal epilepsy. Adverse events included deterioration in epilepsy or seizure frequency, severity, or seizure type (31%), memory impairment (16%), and depression (15%) as well as 5 deaths (none ANT-DBS related). Most AEs (80%) occurred within the first 2 years after implantation. Battery depletion (Activa PC) occurred on average after 45 months. Conclusion: The registry provides further evidence for the safe and effective application of ANT-DBS in clinical routine practice. While clinical benefits increased over time, side effects occurred mainly during the first 2 years. The identified outcome modifiers might help to optimize patient selection and management, but require further validation. ER  - 
The influence of comorbidity on mortality in patients with epilepsy and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: Mortality in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) is not well studied, despite patients having an increased risk of death compared to the general population, with a similar magnitude to patients with epilepsy. This study aims to determine the risk factors contributing to excess PNES mortality. Methods: This retrospective cohort study describes 1,628 Australian tertiary epilepsy outpatients and an 8:1 comparison cohort, matched by age, sex and socioeconomic status (SES) to national administrative databases between 2007-2017. Disease classification was by two independent epilepsy specialist raters from the medical record, including comprehensive epilepsy program meetings with 92% of typical PNES events captured in an epilepsy monitoring unit. Privacy-preserving data-linkage was undertaken with the national prescription, National Death Index, and National Coronial Information System. Comorbid diseases were derived by applying an Australian validated Rx-Risk algorithm to dispensed prescriptions. We fitted Cox proportional hazard models controlling for age, sex, SES, comorbidity, disease duration and the number of concomitant antiseizure medications (ASM), as a marker of disease severity. Results: 13,488 participants were followed for a median of 3.2 years (IQR 2.4-4.0 years). The age-sex-SES-adjusted hazards ratio (95% confidence interval) was elevated for epilepsy 4.74 (3.36, 6.68) and PNES 3.46 (1.38, 8.68) and remained elevated for epilepsy 3.21 (2.22, 4.63) but not PNES 2.15 (0.77, 6.04), after comorbidity adjustment. PNES had more pre-existing comorbidities when compared to epilepsy and comparison groups (p = 0.0007) with three times greater median weighted Rx-Risk score. Psychotic illness, opioid analgesia, malignancies, and non-opioid analgesia had the greatest influence on PNES comorbid risk. Conclusion: Higher comorbidity appears to explain the excess PNES mortality and may either represent a wider under-recognised somatoform disorder or a psychological response to physical illness. Better understanding and management of the bidirectional relationship of these wider somatic treatments in PNES could potentially reduce the risk of death. ER  - 
Assessment of cognition (EpiTrack®) and depression (Beck Depression Inventory-II) following perampanel (monotherapy/rirst adjunctive) in patients with epilepsy enrolled in the ELEVATE Phase IV study$$$ Purpose: Here we present results for change from baseline in cognition (EpiTrack) and depression scores (using the Beck Depression Inventory-II [BDI-II]) from ELEVATE (NCT03288129), a Phase IV study of perampanel administered as monotherapy/first adjunctive therapy in patients aged ≥4 years with focal-onset seizures (FOS), with or without focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (FBTCS), or generalised tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS). Methods: ELEVATE consisted of Screening, Titration (≥13 weeks), Maintenance (39 weeks) and Follow-up (4 weeks) Periods. During Titration, patients received perampanel at 2 mg/day, which was titrated to 4 mg/day or higher, based on response and tolerability (maximum 12 mg/day). Dose increases were ≥2 weeks apart for patients taking non-enzyme-inducing anti-seizure medications (EIASMs) and weekly for those taking EIASMs. Cognition (EpiTrack) and depression (BDI-II) were assessed at baseline, and 3 and 12 months. Results: Overall, 54 patients (FOS, n = 38; GTCS, n = 11; FOS+GTCS, n = 5) were included in the Safety Analysis Set; 32 (59.3%) completed the study. Mean (standard deviation [SD]) change from baseline in EpiTrack total score at 12 months was -0.4 (3.3) (FOS, -0.6 [3.3]; GTCS, +1.6 [1.7]; increase = improvement). Five patients with FOS had improved shifts and six had worsening shifts from their baseline EpiTrack® score at 12 months. No shifts for patients with GTCS were observed. Mean (SD) change from baseline in BDI-II total score at 12 months was -1.2 (7.9) (FOS, -1.8 [8.0]; GTCS, +2.8 [8.3]; increase = worsening). Five patients (FOS, n = 4; FOS+GTCS, n = 1) had improved shifts and two patients (FOS, n = 1; GTCS, n = 1) had worsening shifts from their baseline BDI-II mood score at 12 months. Conclusion: Perampanel did not negatively affect cognition with some patients reporting improvement at 12 months relative to baseline. There was no clinically relevant worsening of depression and the majority of patients remained within the same mood category. ER  - 
Drug-resistant epilepsy in Casablanca-Settat region, Morocco: A cross-sectional study$$$ Purpose: This study aims to determine the estimated prevalence of drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) and its related factors, among patients with epilepsy (PWE) in Morocco. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study from June to December, 2021 in patients with clinical diagnosis of epilepsy, according to the ILAE definition and with an antiepileptic treatment-duration >12 months, in the Neurology, Neurosurgery and Pediatrics departments, of different sampled hospitals for the Casablanca-Settat region. Sociodemographic and clinical data were collected using a questionnaire during the consultations. Separate and/or combined multi-therapy, a seizure freedom-duration <12 months, patient compliance and adequate posology were the determining factors for classifying DRE. Data were analysed using SPSS software, version 21.0. Statistical significance was set at p <0.05 and logistic regression was performed to determine the associated factors. Results: In our sample of 174 PWE, main age is 34.57 ± 18.54. The majority had a low-income status (82.2%) and lives in urban areas (74.7%). Illiteracy was in 47.1%. The estimated prevalence of DRE was 27.0%, with pseudo-DRE at 16.1% of which 8.6% were due to poor compliance and 7.5% to inadequate posology. Our analysis shows that early age of the inaugural seizure (p = 0.010; OR = 0.965), non-medical practices before treatment (p = 0.008; OR = 2.632), history of febrile seizures (p = 0.041; OR = 4.571), presence of anxiety-depressive syndrome (p = 0.034; OR = 1.070), focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (p = 0.027; OR = 2.262), preictal auras occurrence (p = 0.019; OR = 2.256), high seizure frequency (yearly seizures) (p = 0.000; OR = 24.000), abnormal MRI (p = 0.011; OR = 4.952) and antiepileptic treatment-duration (p = 0.029; OR = 1.030) are the main significant predictive factors for DRE. Conclusion: We report that DRE has a non-negligible proportion in our region. Associated factors found can mainly lead to drug-resistance. Adequate antiepileptic prescription and monitoring of good compliance are necessary to avoid misdiagnosis due to pseudo-DRE. Regarding the importance of drug-resistance prevalence, epilepsy surgery may contribute to improve the prognosis of these patients. ER  - 
Stiripentol efficacy and tolerability for drug-resistant epilepsy treatment in tuberous sclerosis complex$$$ Purpose: This study aims to assess the efficacy and tolerability of stiripentol (STP) in tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) patients with drug-resistant epilepsy. Methods: A retrospective review of all TSC patients at Cincinnati Children's Hospital from 2011 until 2021 was performed to identify patients treated with STP. Seizure frequency was assessed 1 month before (considered as baseline) and 1, 3, 6, and 12 months after STP initiation. Results: Of the 1492 TSC patients, 13 (10 males and 3 females) received STP. The age range was 3.8 to 40 years (median, 25th, 75th percentile = 15.2 years, 6.7, 22.0). STP was initiated a median of 13.5 years (25th and 75th percentile = 5.0 & 20.3) after seizure onset. The median length of treatment was 12.8 months and a median STP dose was 21.1 mg/kg/day (25th and 75th percentiles = 12.8 and 34.1) and 750 mg/day (range 500-2250). The number of patients with > 50% seizure reduction was 6/13 (46.2%), 4/13 (30.8%), 8/11 (72.7%), and 6/8 (75.0%) at 1, 3, 6, and 12 months. 11/13 (84.6%) patients experienced seizure reduction. Importantly, 6 patients (46.2%) had persistent seizure reduction from 1 through 12 months, with the mean (±SD) percentage of reduction at 1, 3, 6, and 12 months of 68.1% (±22.0), 71.3% (±23.2), 75.7% (±23.5), and 75.7% (±23.5), respectively. 2/13 (15.4%) reported worsening in seizure frequency with the treatment. 11/13 (84.6%) patients reported side effects, with aggression in 8 patients (61.5%) and resulting in 3 patients discontinuing STP. Poor sleep, drowsiness, tremor, appetite change, and flat affect were reported. Conclusion: Most TSC patients with drug-resistant epilepsy who were treated with STP experienced seizure reduction, with almost half having a persistent seizure reduction. This suggests that STP could be an efficacious and tolerable treatment option for this population. ER  - 
Determinants of medication adherence in people with epilepsy: A multicentric, cross-sectional and observational study$$$ Purpose: Non-adherence to treatment in people with epilepsy (PwE) is cause of increased mortality, hospitalization and reduced quality of life and represents a challenge for clinicians. We realized an extensive survey to define clinical, demographic and neuropsychological factors that could influence medication adherence in PwE evaluated with the Morisky Medication Adherence Scale (MMAS-8). Methods: We performed a multicentric, observational and cross-sectional study where a population of 200 PwE was asked to answer online questionnaires containing the following clinical scales: MMAS-8, QoLIE (Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory), BDI-II (Beck Depression Inventory), GAD (Generalized Anxiety Disorder) and Resilience. We used ANOVA test and Pearson correlation to evaluate the relationship between medication adherence and demographic, clinical (seizure frequency, number of Anti-seizure Medications) and neuropsychological characteristics. We trained separate machine learning models (logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine) to classify patients with medium-high adherence (MMAS≥6) and poor adherence (MMAS < 6) and identify the principal variables that influence medication adherence. Results: We found that women were more adherent to therapy than men (p-value = 0.03577). MMAS-8 showed direct correlation with QoLIE-31(p-value = 0.01); Resilience (p-value = 0.001), age (p-value = 0.001), inverse correlation with BDI (p-value = 0.001) and GAD (p-value = 0.001). We also evidenced that the principal variables on decision scores were subitems of QoLIE-31 and individual characteristics as age, resilience, GAD, years of school, disease duration. Conclusion: Our study confirms that women are more adherent to therapy than men and that older age is directly correlated with a major adherence. Interestingly, we found that psychological and resilience factors seem to play an important role in determining therapeutic adherence in PwE. Indeed, PwE with higher scores of BDI and GAD, lower resilience and quality of life tend to have scarce adherence compared to those with opposite characteristics. ER  - 
Discrepancy between subjective and objective memory change after epilepsy surgery and relation with quality of life$$$ Purpose: Complaints pertaining to memory functioning are among the most often reported cognitive symptoms in patients with epilepsy. However, research suggests a considerable mismatch between patients' perception of memory functioning and the objective performance as measured with standardized neuropsychological tests. Depressive mood might be an important factor in explaining this discrepancy. As a new approach, the present study aimed to quantify the mismatch between subjective and objective memory functioning by considering the dynamic change of these factors as well as depressive symptoms after epilepsy surgery. Moreover, their influence on the overall quality of life was investigated. Methods: Pre- and postoperative (24 months) data from 78 patients with focal epilepsy (28% extratemporal) were retrospectively analyzed. Data from standard neuropsychological assessment included verbal memory capacity and self-ratings of subjective memory, depressive symptoms, as well as quality of life. Results: The results showed that (1) patients with clinically relevant postoperative depressive symptoms underestimate their actual memory performance; (2) the relationship between objective memory change and quality of life is mediated by the factors subjective memory change and depressive mood. Conclusion: Our data demonstrate a quantitative approximation of a pronounced depression-related negative bias in self-perception of memory functioning of roughly 1 to 1.5 standard deviations. At the same time, our data indicate that patients' perceptions of memory functioning can be quite accurate in the absence of depressive symptoms. Additionally, subjective perception of memory performance and depressive mood may critically determine if objective memory changes contribute to patients' postoperative QoL. Taken together, our study highlights the clinical relevance of incorporating subjective measures of memory functioning and mood that go beyond objective memory performance for the interpretation of how changes in memory functioning may affect patients' quality of life after epilepsy surgery. ER  - 
Ictal SPECT in psychogenic non epileptic seizures (PNES). Identification of functional brain networks involved in PNES$$$ Purpose: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are part of the functional conversion disorders. The neurobiological mechanisms underlying these disorders remains poorly understood. Recent research in this field is focusing on establishing neurobiological models to explain this disorder. It has been hypothesized thatbrain regions involved in the perception of external and internal stimuli (such as autonomic body changes), attention networks and networks involved in “self agency” may be implicated in the generation for PNES. Functional imaging such as ictal brain single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) can provide valuable information to characterize functional networks related to the generation PNES. The purpose of this study is to characterize de brain regions involved in the episodes of PNES using Ictal and Interictal SPECT.Methods: Nineteen patients in whom Ictal SPECT was obtained during an episode of PNES while admitted in the video EEG monitoring unit were retrospectively reviewed. Ictal SPECTS were subtracted from the interictal SPECT to generate SISCOM (Subtraction of Ictal SPECT co-registered to MRI) images. Group analysis of the SISCOM images was conducted in order to identify common regions of activation and deactivation during the PNES episode across the group of patients. Whole brain analysis, as well as hypothesis based analysis on networks of interest of was performed using SPM.Results: During the PNES there was increased activity in the medial prefrontal cortex, motor regions, anterior insula and basal ganglia, corresponding to regions involved in the perception of autonomic changes, sensory perception, motor control as well as attention networks. Conversely there was a reduced activity in the temporo-parieto-occipital junction bilaterally likely implying inhibition of areas associated to self-agency processes. ER  - 
Gastrointestinal Manifestations in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Are Associated with High Disease Activity and Mortality: A Nationwide Cohort Study from India$$$ Background/Purpose: Gastrointestinal (GI) manifestations of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) although rare are often severe. These are difficult to directly attribute to SLE as they can also be associated with drugs, infections and other organ manifestations of SLE. There is a paucity of prospective data on the prevalence, associations and outcomes of GI manifestations in SLE. Thus, we studied the GI manifestations in a prospectively enrolled nationwide cohort of SLE in India. Methods: Cases with GI manifestations (defined as per BILAG) along with controls (one on either side of the case based on the serial number of recruitment into the cohort; one on either side of the block for consecutive cases) were selected from the database of a nationwide, prospective, multicenter cohort (INSPIRE) of patients with SLE (classified by SLICC classification criteria). Data on demographics, clinical features, investigations, disease activity at baseline and early outcomes were retrieved for analysis. Data are expressed as mean ± standard deviation and SPSS was used for statistical analysis. Univariate analysis was done using the t-test and chi-square test based on the type of variables; those with a p-value of ≤0.1 were included for multivariate analysis using the forward likelihood test. Results: Of 2210 patients with SLE enrolled in the INSPIRE registry, 254(11.5%) had GI manifestations, with more than one GI feature in 39 patients. The most common was ascites (193,76%) followed by lupus enteritis (35, 13.8%), lupus pancreatitis (32, 12.6), lupus hepatitis (19, 7.5), lupus peritonitis (6, 2.3), intestinal obstruction and lupus cholecystitis (3, 1.2%) with malabsorption and protein losing enteropathy being the least common (2, 0.7%). The majority were observed within 2.2 ±3.3 months of presentation with 97(38%) being present at the onset. On univariate analysis, patients with GI manifestations were significantly younger; had a higher frequency of fever, lupus nephritis, psychosis, seizures and pleural effusion; were more likely to have anemia, lymphopenia, thrombocytopenia, elevated creatinine, low albumin and low complements as compared to controls. There was no difference in the serology between the two groups. SLEDAI 2K and the BILAG score were higher in the cases. (Table 1) On multivariate analysis, younger age [p=0.03, 0.97(0.95-0.99,)]; high creatinine [0.001, 1.6(1.2-2.1)], low albumin [0.0001, 0.6(0.5-0.8)], presence of pleural effusion [0.0001, 3.3(1.9-5.2)], presence of thrombocytopenia [0.02, 1.6(1.1-2.5)] were significantly associated with GI features. (Figure 1) Figure 1: Association of gastrointestinal manifestations on multivariate analysis as compared with controls Mortality was higher in the cases [10.3 and 5.5%, p=0.04, 1.9(1.1-3.7)] as compared to controls. (Table 1)Conclusion: GI manifestations were observed in 11.5% of the cohort with ascites being the most common feature. GI involvement is associated with higher disease activity and mortality. ER  - 
Comorbidity in congenital hypothyroidism - A nationwide population-based cohort study$$$ Aim of the Study: The aim of this nationwide populationbased register study was to investigate the incidence of congenital malformations, neonatal and chronic comorbidities, and the use of prescribed drugs in patients with primary congenital hypothyroidism (CH). Methods: The study cohort and matched controls were identified from national population-based registers in Finland (The Social Insurance Institution of Finland and The Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare). All diagnoses from birth until the end of 2018 were collected from the Care Register for subjects born between 1996 and 2018 (cases = 484, controls = 966). Subject-specific prescription drug purchases were identified from The Prescription Register from birth until the end of 2017. The use of antipsychotics and antidepressants was assessed for subjects born between 1987 and 2017 (cases = 566, controls = 1 130). Results: Newborns with CH were small for gestational age more often than their controls (5.2 %, and 2.2 %, respectively, p = 0.002). Neonatal jaundice (12.0 %, and 3.2 %, p < 0.001), hypoglycemia (8.9 %, and 3.7 %, p < 0.001), metabolic acidemia (3.7 %, and 1.1 %, p = 0.001), and respiratory distress (6.2 %, and 2.3 %, p < 0.001) were diagnosed significantly more often in newborns with CH than in their controls. Congenital malformations or chromosomal abnormalities were diagnosed in 90/484 CH patients and in 78/966 controls (18.6 %, and 8.1 %, respectively, p < 0.001). The most affected extrathyroidal organs were the circulatory system (8.1 % in CH cases and 3.4 % in controls, p < 0.001) and the musculoskeletal system (5.0 % in CH cases, and 2.4 % in controls, p = 0.009). The cumulative incidences of epilepsy (2.3 % in CH patients and 0.3 % in controls, p < 0.001), hearing loss (4.3 %, and 0.6 %, respectively, p < 0.001), disorders in psychological development (14 %, and 4.8 %, p < 0.001), and mental retardation (3.3 %, and 0.4 %, p < 0.001) were significantly higher among CH patients as compared to their controls. ADHD medication was used more frequently by CH patients than their controls (p = 0.032) but antidepressant and antipsychotic use was similar. Conclusions: CH patients have more neonatal morbidity and congenital malformations than their matched controls. The cumulative incidence of neurological diseases, particularly disorders of psychological development, is higher in CH patients. However, our results do not support the existence of severe psychiatric comorbidity. ER  - 
Skin-Related Complications following Deep Brain Stimulation Surgery: a Single-Center Retrospective Analysis of 444 Patients Who Underwent DBS Surgery$$$ Objectives: Although Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) is a safe and proven treatment modality for patients suffering from debilitating movement and neuropsychiatric disorders it is not free from some potential complications. Management of skin erosion and infection following DBS surgery constitutes a challenge in everyday clinical practice. Methods: Skin-related complications were evaluated in patients who underwent DBS surgery due to Parkinson's disease (PD), dystonia, essential tremor (ET), and other indications including Tourette syndrome (TS), Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD), and Epilepsy. Methods A retrospective analysis of clinical data was performed on patients who underwent DBS surgery between November 2008 and June 2019 at the Department of Neurosurgery, Institute of Psychiatry and Neurology in Warsaw. Results: Four hundred forty-four patients who underwent 805 primary DBS system implantations were included in this analysis. There were 338 patients with PD, 70 with dystonia, 20 with ET, 5 with Multiple Sclerosis, 2 with OCD, and 3 with Holme's or cerebellar tremor, TS, and drug-resistant epilepsy each. Thirty-two patients (7.2%) had 63 infection episodes. The overall level of skin erosion was 2,25% (10/444 patients). The risk of developing skin erosion was connected with younger age at the point of initial surgery (p=0,013) and with the male sex (p=0.036). Patients with dystonia showed the highest rate of infections and erosions (8/70 and 5/70 patients retrospectively). Conclusions: Our study suggests that dystonic patients are at higher risk of developing skin-related complications after DBS surgery such as infection and erosion. ER  - 
Identifying acute neuropsychiatric events in children and adolescents$$$ Background: Neuropsychiatric events (NPEs) encompass a range of signs, symptoms, and diagnoses, some of which are life threatening (e.g., psychosis, seizures, suicidal or homicidal ideation) and require emergency healthcare utilization. The association between use of certain medications and NPEs in children remains unclear, in part because clinical trials were not powered to identify these uncommon yet potentially serious outcomes. Furthermore, while several observational studies have used discharge diagnosis codes to identify pediatric NPEs, the validity of this approach is unknown. Objectives: To develop and validate approaches to accurately identify incident pediatric NPEs requiring hospitalization using administrative data. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional, multicenter study of children 5-17 years of age hospitalized at 2 US children's hospitals with an NPE between April 1, 2016 and March 30, 2020. NPE codes were categorized by clinical significance (e.g., critical or important or unclear) and subtype (e.g., neurologic or psychiatric) based on expert opinion. The Critical category included Homicidal, Suicidal or Self Harm Ideation/Attempts; the Important category includes mood disorders, psychosis, hallucination, altered mental status, movement disorders, encephalitis/encephalopathy and seizures; and, the Unclear Significance category consisted of dizziness, headache, sleeping disorders and vision changes. We developed and evaluated 3 NPE identification algorithms: (1) Primary or secondary NPE ICD-10 diagnosis alone; (2) NPE diagnosis plus indication that the NPE was present on admission plus non-malignancy or surgery-related primary diagnosis; and, (3) Algorithm 2 but without requiring the NPE to be present on admission. Using chart reviews as reference, we computed the positive predictive value (PPV) for each algorithm overall, and by diagnosis field position (primary or any secondary) and clinical significance. Results: There were 1098 NPE hospitalizations included in the study. A total of 857 confirmed NPEs were identified for Algorithm 1, yielding a PPV of 0.78 (95% CI 0.76-0.80). The overall PPV was 0.89 (95% CI 0.87-0.91) for algorithm 2 (n = 846) and 0.86 (95% CI 0.83-0.88) for Algorithm 3 (n = 938). PPVs varied by diagnosis order and clinical significance. The PPV for “critical”)NPEs was 0.99 (0.97-0.99) for all 3 algorithms. Conclusions: We identified highly accurate approaches to identify NPEs in children and adolescents. Algorithm 2, utilizing specific diagnosis codes and present on admission flags, retained the highest PPV. Use of these approaches can reduce outcome misclassification in future evaluations of medication use and the risk of NPE. ER  - 
A translational approach to study drug-drug interaction with hormonal contraceptives: From Pharmacoepidemiology to mechanistic modeling$$$ Background: Oral combined hormonal contraceptives (CHCs) are commonly used worldwide, but their efficacy may diminish due to concomitant CYP3A4 inducers. Different progestins in CHCs vary regarding fraction metabolized by CYP3A4 (fmCYP3A4) and may have different efficacy reductions by such potential drug-drug interactions (DDI). Objectives: To compare the risk of CHC failure, that is, unintended pregnancy, in concomitant use of CYP3A4 inducer antiepileptic drugs with CHCs containing levonorgestrel (LNG, low fmCYP3A4)) or drospirenone (DRSP, high fmCYP3A4) via real-world evidence (RWE) and physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling approaches. Methods: Our RWE study used a retrospective cohort design to identify females of childbearing age (18-48) in MarketScan® Research Databases (2005-2018) who were diagnosed with epilepsy, personality, or depressive mood disorder. Patients entered the cohort if we observed concomitancy of CHCs with CYP3A4 inducer antiepileptic drugs (carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, phenytoin, or topiramate). We excluded patients with infertility or hormonal dysfunction diagnoses. Concomitant use was determined based on information available from pharmacy dispensing data. During follow-up, we operationalized contraception failure with our team's previously developed algorithm that uses pregnancyrelated diagnoses and procedures to characterize pregnancy start date, duration, and end date. We used a generalized linear regression model to estimate the rate ratio for contraception failure, comparing DRSP and LNG cohorts. We used treatment propensity score and standardized mortality ratio weighting to adjust for measured confounders. Lastly, we used PBPK simulations of DRSP and LNG administered alone or with carbamazepine to obtain drug exposure changes in scenarios of DDI. Ratios of drug exposure under the concentration-time curve (AUC) were used to create ratios of DDI versus non-DDI AUC (AUCR) to compare PK changes of the two drugs to our RWE analysis results. Results: We identified 17 039 subjects in the LNG cohort and 15 254 subjects in the DRSP cohort. Incidence rate ratios were 1.70 [1.09, 2.67] and 1.53 [0.94, 2.43] for the unadjusted and adjusted analyzes, respectively. PBPK simulations resulted in AUCRs of 0.41 and 0.47 for LNG and DRSP, respectively, resulting in an exposure ratio of 0.87 between the two drugs in DDI scenarios. Conclusions: Our translational approach showed consistent directions in the modeled PK mechanism and real-world contraception failure. While the magnitude of relative differences between progestins was not similar, a linear relationship between reduced AUC and contraception failure is unlikely and requires further investigation. ∗The first two authors contributed equally. ER  - 
Buprenorphine and tramadol prescriptions in major depressive disorder settings$$$ Background: Evidence from pre-clinical and clinical studies have demonstrated the efficacy of opioids in the pharmacotherapy of major depressive disorder (MDD), with buprenorphine and tramadol being the most widely studied. With gains in the understanding of the beneficial role buprenorphine and tramadol play in the MDD setting, so have an increase in their off-label use in MDD been documented. However, there is scant population-based evidence characterizing the pattern of use and safety profile of these opioids in the MDD setting. Objectives: To characterize the use and safety profile of buprenorphine and tramadol in a real-world target population with MDD. Methods: We performed a retrospective new-user cohort study of privately insured US adults with MDD, aged 18 to 64 years, who initiated buprenorphine or tramadol between January 2007 and December 2014 (index date) in the IQVIA PharMetrics® Plus for Academics Database. We ascertained the cumulative incidence of opioid exposure, the primary outcome of serious acute adverse events (composite of respiratory depression, seizure, myocardial infarction, kidney injury, liver injury, and hypoglycemia), and the secondary outcome of all-cause emergency room department visits and hospitalizations. Cumulative incidence was computed using Poisson regression, and inverse probability weighted Cox model was used to estimate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the primary and secondary outcomes comparing tramadol users to buprenorphine users. Results: A total of 7218 buprenorphine new users and 128 539 tramadol new users were included in the study. The median number of prescriptions dispensed per month (and the average days' supply per prescription) was 2 (20 days) for buprenorphine and 35 (23 days) for tramadol. There was a statistically significant linear trend in the cumulative incident use of buprenorphine or tramadol from year 2007 to 2014. Compared to buprenorphine, tramadol was associated with a statistically significant increase in the occurrence of serious opioidrelated acute adverse events (HR: 1.18; 95% CI: 1.16, 1.21) and a statistically significant reduction in all-cause ER visits and hospitalizations (HR: 0.96; 95% CI: 0.95, 0.97). Conclusions: In commercially insured adults with MDD, the off-label use of buprenorphine and tramadol was common. The risk of serious adverse events did differ between buprenorphine and tramadol, with tramadol associated with an increase in the occurrence of serious acute adverse events and a reduction in all-cause ER visits and hospitalizations. These findings warrant enhanced clinical guidelines to ensure appropriate use of both opioids and patient safety, especially given their highly prevalent off-label use in the MDD setting. ER  - 
The association of gabapentin use and change of motor functions in older adults with normal cognition$$$ Background Gabapentin has been increasingly prescribed to older adults; however, recent studies raise concerns about the safety related to misuse and adverse events (e.g., respiratory depression, dizziness, and sedation). Moreover, the relationship between gabapentin use and motor behavior changes in older adults has not been studied yet. Objectives We aimed to examine the association of gabapentin use and motor behavior changes in older adults with normal cognition. Methods A retrospective cohort study was conducted using National Alzheimer's Coordinating Center Uniform Data Set (2005-March 2021). We identified gabapentin new-users with normal cognition at the visit of gabapentin initiation (i.e., index visit) and no history of gait disorder, falls, and slowness. New-users were matched on year of first enrollment and time of gabapentin initiation since enrollment to randomly select nonusers (1 to 9 ratio) with replacement. The outcomes of interest, including gait disorder, falls, and slowness, were defined based on clinician judgment and assessed at the first and second visits after the index visit. We used stabilized inverse probability of treatment weights and stabilized inverse probability of censoring weights to mitigate confounding and selection bias. Confounders were measured at index visit (except for smoking history and diabetes which was only available at enrollment) and included demographics (age, sex, education, and race); body mass index; smoking history; comorbidities (depression, diabetes, Parkinson's disease, and anxiety); and medications (opioids, antiseizures, and anxiolytic, sedative, and hypnotics). They were selected using directed acyclic graphs (DAG). To account for within-participant correlations and obtain robust standard errors we used generalized estimating equations with an exchangeable working correlation structure. Results We included 459 new-users (mean age [SD]: 78.7 [6.9]; male 34.0%) and 4131 nonusers (78.2 [6.9]; 34.7%), all with normal cognition at index visit. At the first follow-up visit in the study, the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) (new-users vs. nonusers) was 0.97 [0.44, 2.15] for gait disorder, 1.42 [0.61, 3.31] for falls, and 1.44 [0.70, 2.97] for slowness. At the second follow-up visit, the OR and 95% CI (new-users vs. nonusers) was 1.10 [0.54, 2.24] for gait disorder, 2.51 [1.19, 5.32] for falls, and 1.39 [0.66, 2.92] for slowness. Conclusions Gabapentin use was associated with increased motor function decline among older adults with initially normal cognition. Further studies are needed to determine whether this association is causal. ER  - 
Use of psychoactive medicines in Portugal: A regional retrospective cross-sectional study-The misumedpt project$$$ Background: Prescription drug misuse is a public health problem in some countries. Overuse of benzodiazepines has been reported in Portugal, but further characterization of psychoactive medicines' use is needed to identify situations prone to increase the risk of their misuse. Objectives: To characterize prescription and dispensing of psychoactive drugs in the Lisbon and Tagus Valley region (ARSLVT), representing about 37% of the total population of Portugal mainland. Methods: Retrospective cross-sectional study of psychoactive medicines prescription in ARSLVT between 2016 and 2018. All patients dispensed at least one package of any of the 10 selected medicines among benzodiazepines, antiepileptics and antidepressants, were included in the study. Descriptive analyzes of patients and prescribers' characteristics, concomitant medicines' use and patients' psychiatric diagnoses were performed. X2 statistics assessed statistical significance of age differences. Results: The number of patients filling at least one prescription of the studied drugs increased in each year reaching 599 999 in 2018, with female predominance (25% of ARSLVT female population, against 13% of males). Patients' mean age has been increasing, lorazepam being used by older patients and ethyl loflazepate by the youngest (mean 69.2 and 55.3 years in 2018, respectively). General practitioners accounted for 28, 3% of prescriptions, followed by psychiatrists and neurologists (7, 1%). Antiepileptic prescribers are younger (35% ≤36 y) and hypnotic prescribers older (68% ≥36 y) (p < 0.0001). Alprazolam, sertraline and pregabalin were the most consumed medicines. Sertraline was found to be used at higher doses than the mean daily dose recommended for depression (1.7 DDD/user/day), as well as lorazepam for anxiety (1.2 DDD/user/day). Concomitant use of two medicines was observed in 17% of treated patients in 2018, most frequently combinations of benzodiazepine with antidepressant and of two antidepressants (579 users/100 000 population and 127 users/100 000 population, respectively). About 40% of patients treated with antidepressants had been diagnosed with depression; however, only 17% of patients treated with the two most consumed benzodiazepines - alprazolam and diazepam - had an anxiety diagnosis. Conclusions: Psychoactive medicines are widely used in ARSLVT, especially by older females. Concomitant use of several psychoactive medicines is significant and may contribute to increased risks, a topic that is also being addressed in the MisuMedPT project. Excessive use has been identified for sertraline and lorazepam, pointing to the need of close monitoring of psychoactive medicines' use, in an effort to ensure that patients have access to medicines with the best possible benefit-risk ratio. ER  - 
Flumazenil use during electroconvulsive therapy for depression and catatonia: a retrospective chart review$$$ Background: Benzodiazepines are considered to negatively affect seizure duration during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) (1-2). Several researchers have advocated the use of flumazenil, a competitive benzodiazepine receptor antagonist (3-6). However, clinical evidence remains sparse. Objective: The aimof this study is to describe the effects of flumazenil on EEG seizure duration, clinical outcome and adverse effects. Methods: Twenty-six depressive and/or catatonic patients with concomittant benzodiazepine use receiving flumazenil during ECT were identified through retrospective chart review. Effects of flumazenil on depressive symptoms, catatonia, EEG duration and postictal agitation were assessed by the Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology, the Bush-Francis Catatonia Rating Scale and seizure duration on EEG. Postictal agitation was ascertained by identifying patients who received sedatives or needed physical restraint. Results: In patients receiving flumazenil, response and remission rates after ECT were 66.7% and 41.7% for depression and 91.7% and 75% for catatonia. Flumazenil administration increased EEG seizure duration with 10.5 seconds on average and 58.3 % of patients had an adequate seizure (> 15 s). We found no correlation between seizure duration and benzodiazepine dose. Postictal agitation occurred in 34.6% of the patients. One case of prolonged seizure was noted. Conclusions: Flumazenil appears to increase EEG seizure duration. However, the clinical relevance of this finding remains an important area for further investigation. Also, flumazenil appears not to affect clinical outcome after ECT treatment for depression or catatonia.Unfortunately, postictal agitation seems to be a frequent and possibly harmful side-effect. Current strategies to mitigate agitation should be readily available when administering flumazenil. ER  - 
Distinguishing convulsive syncope from TMS-induced seizure - a case report$$$ Background/Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has gained popularity as a research and therapeutic modality for various psychiatric and neurological disorders. In psychiatry, it is more popularly utilized for the treatment of treatment-resistant depression especially due to its relatively low side-effect profile compared to other treatment modalities. However, seizure is a rare but serious adverse event that occurs with TMS which can result from direct stimulation from the TMS. Fortunately, most of these seizure episodes are transient but may lead to treatment discontinuation. The differentiation of a TMS-induced seizure fromTMS-induced convulsive syncope, amore common adverse event that involves syncope with associatedmyoclonicmovements can be challenging as illustrated by the case described here. Method: A retrospective chart review of the patient's clinical information was done. The patient's history, screening, physical examination, pertinent laboratory studies, neurology consult, electroencephalogram, and imaging findings are discussed. Results: We present the case of a 52-year-old male with recurrent treatmentresistant major depressive disorder and no known seizure risk factors, enrolled in an Institutional Review Board approved research study who developed what appeared to be a convulsive syncopal episode lasting about 10 seconds during day-2 of a 30-day TMS protocol (repetitive TMS delivered at 10 Hz, 120%motor threshold, 4-second pulse train, 26-second intertrain interval, 3000 pulses per session), with no adverse sequelae. Conclusion: This case shows that distinguishing between convulsive syncope and TMS-induced seizure can be a diagnostic challenge. Clinicians and researchers delivering TMS should be familiar with the risk factors for seizures and convulsive syncope that could be seen with TMS and be prepared to screen for these risk factors and to manage these adverse events if they occur. ER  - 
Using real-world data for supporting regulatory decision making: Comparison of cardiovascular and safety outcomes of an empagliflozin randomized clinical trial versus real-world data$$$ Aims: In countries where a randomized clinical trial (RCT) is difficult to perform, a real-world evidence (RWE) study with a design similar to an RCT may be an option for drug regulatory decision-making. In this study, the objective was to find out to what extent the safety of empagliflozin from the RWE study in Korea is different from the one in RCT by emulating the design of foreign RCT. The outcome covers various safety outcomes including cardiovascular safety. Methods: The EMPA-REG OUTCOME trial (NCT01131676) was selected for comparison. The inclusion/exclusion criteria and follow-up method for the RWE were matched to the comparison RCT. Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) were used as a primary outcome and 15 other outcomes were also included for analysis. Result: We followed 23,126 matched patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (11,563 empagliflozin users and 11,563 sitagliptin users) for 2.7 years (median). Empagliflozin use was associated with a significantly decreased risk of MACEs [EMPA-REG DUPLICATE RWE: adjusted HR 0.87, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.79–0.96]. The predefined estimate agreement, regulatory agreement, and standardized difference for RCT duplication were achieved [EMPA-REG OUTCOME RCT: adjusted HR 0.86, 95% (CI) 0.74–0.99]. According to the predefined criteria for 15 outcomes, 10 outcomes were evaluated as good, and three as moderate. Conclusion: Our study results suggest that RWE in one country in comparison with an RCT has the potential for providing evidence for future regulatory decision-making in an environment where RCT could not be performed. ER  - 
Beneficial Efficacy of Histone Deacetylase Inhibitor, Butyrate on the Development of Epilepsy in Childhood$$$ Case Reports; Epilepsy Treatment with the Medicine and Aloe Vera Juice as an Adjuvant; Possible prophylaxes of histone deacetylase inhibitor butyrate fermented in Aloe vera gel were discussed on the brain histone acetylation and reduction of phenolic metabolites in autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and epilepsy patients in childhood. In case reports of ASD patient and epilepsy children, the improvement with the medicine and adjuvant use of aloe vera juice (AVJ) was clearly exhibited. In case reports 1-3 the efficacy of the drug with aloe AVJ as an adjuvant to ASD patient and epileptic children was demonstrated and the improvement of gut intestinal ecology in the patients was suggested. Case report 2 and 3 strongly expressed the importance of balance between the intestinal ecology and the developmental body in childhood on the medicinal care of epilepsy. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidities and all-cause mortality in epilepsy: A nationwide cohort study$$$ Background: People with epilepsy (PWE) having comorbid psychiatric conditions may be at greater risk of death. We aimed to determine the association between psychiatric disorders and all-cause mortality among PWE after adjustment for somatic comorbidities. Methods: Based on data from the National Health Insurance Fund, a Cox survival analysis was done within a retrospective open cohort of all PWE (≥12 years) in Lithuania between January 2014 and June 2020. Cox models comparing mortality between PWE with or without psychiatric comorbidities were adjusted for sex, age, hospitalizations, and the epilepsy-specific comorbidity index. Results: Of 47,964 PWE (age Md = 49, IQR = 34–62 years, 60.3% male, follow-up Md = 4.4, IQR = 2.1–6.1 years), 10,290 (21.5%) died during the study. The diagnosis of any psychiatric disorder (n = 26,137, 54.5%) was associated with increased mortality when adjusted for only sex and age (HR = 1.13, 95% CI = 1.09 to 1.18). After including the epilepsy-specific comorbidity index, the number of hospitalizations and hospital days in the analysis, only self-harm (HR = 1.55, 95% CI = 1.40 to 1.71) and substance use disorders (HR = 1.39 95% CI = 1.32 to 1.47), but not any psychiatric comorbidities (HR = 0.92 95% CI = 0.88 to 0.96) were related to elevated all-cause mortality. Mood, anxiety and behavioral disorders were associated with lower odds of mortality; however, they were rarely documented. Conclusions: Our results suggest that psychiatric comorbidities increase all-cause mortality among PWE through their association with coexisting somatic conditions as only substance use disorders and self-harm were independently related to elevated all-cause mortality. Future clinical interview-based studies should explore the relationship between mortality in epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities while adjusting for somatic comorbidities. ER  - 
Childhood trauma in patients with epileptic versus non-epileptic seizures$$$ Objective. Childhood trauma has been implicated as a risk factor for the aetiology of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Relatively little attention has been paid to whether profiles of specific trauma types differ between patients with epilepsy and PNES. Investigating childhood trauma profiles in these patient groups may identify psychological vulnerabilities the predispose to developing PNES, and aid early diagnoses, prevention, and treatment. Methods. Data were collected from two cohorts (nRetrospective=203; nProspective=209) admitted to video-EEG monitoring units in Melbourne Australia. The Childhood Trauma Questionnaire domain score differences between patient groups were investigated using standardised effect sizes and general linear mixed-effects models (GLMMs). Receiver operating characteristic curves were used to investigate classification accuracy. Results. In the retrospective cohort, patients diagnosed with PNES reported greater childhood emotional abuse, emotional neglect, physical abuse, sexual abuse, and physical neglect relative to epilepsy patients. These differences were replicated in the prospective cohort, except for physical abuse. GLMMs revealed significant main effects for group in both cohorts, but no evidence for any group by domain interactions. Reported sexual abuse showed the best screening performance of PNES, although no psychometric scores were adequate as isolated measures. Significance. Patients with PNES report greater frequency of childhood trauma than patients with epilepsy. This effect appears to hold across all trauma types, with no strong evidence emerging for a particular trauma type that is more prevalent in PNES. From a practical perspective, inquiring regarding a history of sexual abuse shows the most promise as a screening measure. ER  - 
Neurological Involvement in Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children: Clinical, Electroencephalographic and Magnetic Resonance Imaging Peculiarities and Therapeutic Implications. An Italian Single-Center Experience$$$ Objective: To describe neurological involvement in multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS-C) and to evaluate whether neurological manifestations are related to the degree of multiorgan involvement and inflammation. Methods: The authors conducted a retrospective analysis of clinical, electroencephalographic (EEG), neuroradiological (MRI), and CSF parameters in 62 children with MIS-C (45 M, age 8 months—17 years, mean age 9 years) hospitalized between October 1, 2020 and March 31, 2022. Results: Neurological involvement was documented in 58/62 (93.5%) patients. Altered mental status was observed in 29 (46.7%), focal neurological signs in 22 (35.4%), and non-specific symptoms in 54 (87%). EEG was performed in 26/62 children: 20 showed EEG slowing, diffuse or predominantly over the posterior regions. Ten patients underwent brain MRI: three showed a cytotoxic lesion of the corpus callosum. CSF analysis, performed in six patients, was normal. On the basis of the clinical and EEG findings, two profiles of neurological involvement were identified: 16/62 (26%) patients presented encephalitis with rapid-onset encephalopathy, focal neurological signs, and EEG slowing; 42/62 (68%) showed mild neurological involvement with mild or non-specific neurological signs. All patients received intravenous immunoglobulin and methylprednisolone (MTP), low-molecular-weight heparin, and therapeutic-dose anticoagulant treatment. Children with severe encephalopathy received intravenous MTP at 30 mg/kg/day for 3 days, obtaining rapid clinical and EEG improvement. Neurological assessment at discharge was normal in all cases. Children with encephalitis were younger than those without (median age 5 and 10 years, respectively); no differences between the two groups were found in the other parameters: comorbidities, fever, number of organs and systems involved, shock, hospitalization, pediatric intensive care unit admission, non-invasive ventilation, inotropic support, laboratory data. Conclusion: Neurological involvement in MIS-C is frequent but not serious in most cases: around two thirds of the affected children had mild and short-lasting symptoms. It seems to be related to age, but not to the degree of multiorgan involvement and inflammation. In children with acute immune-mediated encephalitis, the clinical picture was dominated by encephalopathy that disappeared with immunomodulatory therapy. Neurological assessment allowed timely diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Rates, causes and predictors of all-cause and avoidable mortality in 163,686 children and young people with and without intellectual disabilities: A record linkage national cohort study$$$ Objectives: To investigate mortality rates and associated factors, and avoidable mortality, in children/young people with intellectual disabilities. Design: Retrospective cohort; individual record-linked data between Scotland’s 2011 Census to 9.5 years of National Records for Scotland death certification data. Setting: General community. Participants: Children and young people with intellectual disabilities living in Scotland aged 5-24 years, and an age matched comparison group. Main outcome measures: Deaths up to 2020: age of death, age-standardised mortality ratios (age-SMRs); causes of death including cause-specific age-SMRs/sex-SMRs; and avoidable deaths. Results: Death occurred in 260/ 7,247 (3.6%) children/young people with intellectual disabilities (crude mortality rate=388/100,000 person years), and 528/156,439 (0.3%) children/young people without intellectual disabilities (crude mortality rate=36/100,000 person years). SMR for children/young people with, versus those without, intellectual disabilities were 10.7 for all causes (95% confidence interval (CI)=9.47-12.1), 5.17 for avoidable death (CI=4.19-6.37), 2.3 for preventable death (1.6-3.2), and 16.1 for treatable death (CI=12.5-20.8). SMRs were highest for children (27.4, CI=20.6-36.3) aged 5-9 years, and lowest for young people (6.6, CI=5.1-8.6) aged 20-24 years. SMRs were higher in more affluent neighbourhoods. Crude mortality incidences were higher for the children/young people with intellectual disabilities for most ICD-10 chapters. The most common underlying avoidable causes of mortality for children/young people with intellectual disabilities were epilepsy, aspiration/reflux/choking and respiratory infection, and for children/young people without intellectual disabilities, were suicide, accidental drug-related deaths and car accidents. Conclusion: Children with intellectual disabilities had significantly higher rates of all cause, avoidable, treatable, and preventable mortality than their peers. The largest differences were for treatable mortality, particularly at ages 5-9 years. Interventions to improve health-care to reduce treatable mortality should be a priority for children/young people with intellectual disabilities. Examples include improved epilepsy management and risk assessments, and co-ordinated multi-disciplinary actions to reduce aspiration/reflux/choking and respiratory infection. This is necessary across all neighbourhoods. ER  - 
Characterising DSCATT: A case series of Australian patients with debilitating symptom complexes attributed to ticks$$$ Objectives(s): To characterise the clinical profile, aetiology and treatment responsiveness of ‘Australian Lyme’, or Debilitating Symptom Complexes Attributed to Ticks. Methods: Single-centre retrospective case analysis of patients referred to the Infectious Diseases Unit at Austin Health – a tertiary health service in Heidelberg, Australia – between 2014 and 2020 for investigation and treatment of suspected Debilitating Symptom Complexes Attributed to Ticks. Patients were included if they had debilitating symptoms suggested by either themselves or the referring clinician as being attributed to ticks. Results: Twenty-nine Debilitating Symptom Complexes Attributed to Ticks cases were included in the analysis. Other than Lyme disease (83%), the most common prior medical diagnoses were Epstein–Barr virus (38%), chronic fatigue syndrome (28%) and fibromyalgia (24%). Prior histories of anxiety (48%) and depression (41%) were common. The most frequently reported symptoms included fatigue (83%), headache (72%) and arthralgia (69%). National Association of Testing Authorities/Royal College of Pathologists of Australasia–accredited serology was not diagnostic of acute infective causes, including Lyme disease, in any patient. Of 25 cases with available data, 23 (92%) had previously been prescribed antimicrobials, with 53% reporting benefit from them. The most common diagnoses made by our hospital were chronic fatigue syndrome (31%), migraines (28%) and fibromyalgia (21%). Only one patient’s symptoms were not accounted for by other diagnoses. Conclusion: This is the first case series of patients with Debilitating Symptom Complexes Attributed to Ticks. They had high rates of other medically unexplained syndromes, and no evidence of acute Lyme disease, or any common organic disease process. Debilitating Symptom Complexes Attributed to Ticks remains medically unexplained, and may therefore be due to an as yet unidentified cause, or may be considered a medically unexplained syndrome similar to conditions such as chronic fatigue syndrome. ER  - 
Sleep Endoscopy Findings in Children With Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Small Tonsils$$$ Objective: Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) in children is treated primarily with adenotonsillectomy (AT). When clinical exam demonstrates small tonsils, the success of AT in resolving OSA is uncertain. The purpose of this study is to determine the utility of Drug induced Sleep Endoscopy (DISE) for children with OSA and small tonsils (Brodsky scale 1+) and to identify what obstructive trends exist in this subset of patients and to determine the utility of DISE-directed surgical intervention in patients with small tonsils. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed for patients who underwent DISE at a tertiary care center over a 2-year period. Inclusion criteria were 1+ tonsils and a positive sleep study. Data collected included DISE findings, BMI, comorbid conditions, and pre-op PSG data. Results: Forty children were included with a mean age of 5.0 years (range 8 months-16 years). Mean preoperative AHI was 5.46 and mean oxygen saturation nadir was 87.1%. The most common contributor to airway obstruction was the adenoid (29 patients, 72.5%), followed by the tongue base or lingual tonsil (21 patients, 52.5%). The palatine tonsils (10 patients, 25.0%), epiglottis (10.0%), or obstruction intrinsic to the larynx (10.0%) were significantly less frequently identified as contributors to OSA when compared to the adenoid (P <.001). The majority of patients had multilevel obstruction (25 patients, 62.5%). Adenoidectomy (27 patients, 67.5%) was the most commonly performed procedure, followed by tonsillectomy (10 patients, 25.0%, P <.001) and tongue base surgery (9 patient 22.5%, P <.001). Conclusion: In this group, small palatine tonsils were infrequently identified as a contributor to airway obstruction and tonsillectomy was avoided in most cases. This study illustrates the utility of DISE as a tool to personalize the surgical management of pediatric patients with OSA and small tonsils on physical exam. ER  - 
Videofluoroscopic Swallow Studies and Diagnostic Outcomes in Otherwise Healthy Infants With Dysphagia$$$ Objectives: To evaluate videofluoroscopic swallow study (VFSS) findings in infants with dysphagia and without prior diagnoses, and to characterize the outcomes and any diagnoses that follow. Methods: A chart review of all pediatric patients who received a VFSS at a tertiary children’s hospital from November 2008 to March 2017 was performed. Results: There were 106 infants (57 males and 49 females) with 108 VFSS. VFSS was normal in 18 (16.98%) infants. Regarding airway protection, 50 (47.17%) infants had laryngeal penetration, and 8 (7.55%) had tracheal aspiration; 3 (2.83%, 37.5% of all aspirators) exhibited silent aspiration. Of the 75 infants with minimum 2-year follow-up, 35 (46.67%) had no sequelae of disease and received no diagnoses. The most common diagnoses and pathologic sequelae were gastroesophageal reflux (n = 18, 24.00%), asthma (n = 8, 10.67%), laryngomalacia (n = 6, 8.00%), and tracheomalacia (n = 4, 5.33%), all consistent with United States pediatric data on prevalence. All infants (n = 51) with follow-up for dysphagia had resolution of symptoms within 9 months from VFSS order date. Conclusions: Otherwise healthy infants may show signs of dysphagia and not develop later illness. Parents can thus be counseled on the implications of dysphagia in a previously healthy infant. Our findings provide comparative statistics for future research in pediatric dysphagia. ER  - 
Increase of high-risk tramadol use and harmful consequences in France from 2013 to 2018: Evidence from the triangulation of addictovigilance data$$$ Aims: The aim of this paper is to assess recent developments in non-medical tramadol use, tramadol use disorder, illegal procurement and deaths. Methods: This study used repeated cross-sectional analysis of data collected nationwide from 2013 to 2018. Analysis was conducted through multisource monitoring of the French Addictovigilance Network of: (1) validated reports of high-risk tramadol use, (2) record systems collecting information from toxicology experts investigating analgesic-related deaths (DTA) and deaths related to substance abuse (DRAMES), and pharmacists for forged prescriptions (OSIAP), and (3) survey of drug users, with investigation of patterns of use while visiting addiction-specialised institutions (OPPIDUM). Results: Despite a plateauing level of tramadol exposure in the French population, the proportion of tramadol reports increased 1.7-fold (187 cases in 2018, 3.2% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.74–3.63%), versus 1.9% (95% CI: 1.49–2.42% in 2013). Trends were similar in OSIAP: 11.9% of forged prescriptions in 2018 (95% CI: 10.56–13.45%); 1.7-fold increase; in OPPIDUM: 0.76% (95% CI: 0.55–1.02); 2.2-fold increase; and DRAMES: 3.2% of drug abuse-related deaths in 2018 (95% CI: 1.89–5.16) versus 1.7% in 2013 (95% CI: 0.65–3.84). Tramadol was the primary opioid in analgesic-related deaths in DTA (45% in 2018). Two profiles of high-risk tramadol users were identified: (1) patients treated for pain or with tramadol persistence when pain disappeared (mainly women; mean age 44 years), and (2) individuals with non-medical use for psychoactive effects (mainly men; mean age 36 years). Conclusion: The triangulation of the data obtained through addictovigilance monitoring evidenced a recent increase in high-risk tramadol use. These findings have a practical impact on the limitation of the maximal duration of tramadol prescriptions. ER  - 
Efficacy and toxicity of weekly paclitaxel, carboplatin, and cetuximab as induction chemotherapy or in cases of metastases or relapse for head and neck cancer with a focus on elderly or frail patients$$$ Background: Paclitaxel, carboplatin, and cetuximab (PCC) has shown promise as induction chemotherapy and in patients with metastatic/recurrent head and neck cancer (HNC). Given its tolerability, the regimen is used in frail and elderly patients. Methods: Software generated the cohort of adult patients with HNC treated with PCC in 2014–2019. Modified RECIST response rate (RR), progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS) were calculated for the metastatic/recurrent group, and successful induction rate and RR for the induction group. These were also calculated in the elderly/frail subset (EF): age ≥75, performance status ≥2, albumin <3.5. Results: Fifty-two percent of patients experienced ≥grade 3 toxicities. For metastatic/recurrent disease (N = 58), RR was 22%, mean PFS was 7.1 months. Mean OS was 15.2 months. In the induction cohort (N = 22), 86% reached their endpoint. The RR was 64%. There were no significant differences for EF. Conclusions: PCC is well-tolerated with good induction success rate and reasonable PFS/OS in metastatic/recurrent disease. ER  - 
Deep Brain Stimulation for Depression Informed by Intracranial Recordings$$$ The success of deep brain stimulation (DBS) for treating Parkinson's disease has led to its application to several other disorders, including treatment-resistant depression. Results with DBS for treatment-resistant depression have been heterogeneous, with inconsistencies largely driven by incomplete understanding of the brain networks regulating mood, especially on an individual basis. We report results from the first subject treated with DBS for treatment-resistant depression using an approach that incorporates intracranial recordings to personalize understanding of network behavior and its response to stimulation. These recordings enabled calculation of individually optimized DBS stimulation parameters using a novel inverse solution approach. In the ensuing double-blind, randomized phase incorporating these bespoke parameter sets, DBS led to remission of symptoms and dramatic improvement in quality of life. Results from this initial case demonstrate the feasibility of this personalized platform, which may be used to improve surgical neuromodulation for a vast array of neurologic and psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Role of interleukin-6 and interferon-α in systemic lupus erythematosus: A case–control study and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is an autoimmune disorder affecting various organ systems with unknown etiology. Interleukin-6 (IL-6) and interferon-alpha (IFN-α) have been shown to have a major role in disease pathogenesis, and they correlate with SLE disease activity, but reports in the literature are conflicting. The present study aims to investigate the significance of IL-6 and IFN-α levels in SLE pathogenesis in an eastern Indian cohort. Material and Methods: 70 SLE patients fulfilled SLICC 2012 criteria, and 40 age- and gender-matched healthy controls (HC) were enrolled. Baseline characteristics along with disease activity were recorded for all patients. Levels of IL-6 and IFN-α were measured by using ELISA. For the meta-analysis, published articles were searched through different databases. Two independent researchers extracted data, and the meta-analysis was performed with CMA v3.1. Results: The plasma levels of IL-6 and IFN-α in SLE patients were significantly elevated compared to HC (IL-6: p <.0001, IFN-α: p = 0.01). SLEDAI score correlated positively with plasma IL-6 (p <.0001, r = 0.46) and IFN-α levels (p <.0001; r = 0.47). Meta-analysis of previous reports, including our case–control data, revealed higher IL-6 (p <.0001) and IFN-α (p =.005) in SLE patients compared to HC. Furthermore, IL-6 (p <.0001, r = 0.526) and IFN-α (p <.0001; r = 0.371) levels positively correlated with the disease activity. Conclusion: IL-6 and IFN-α levels are elevated in SLE and they correlate with disease activity. Further studies with a larger sample size in different populations are required to validate our findings. ER  - 
Influences of Chronic Physical and Mental Health Conditions on Child and Adolescent Positive Health$$$ Objective: Pediatric positive health refers to children's assessments of their well-being. The purpose of this study was to contrast positive health for children aged 8 to 17 years with and without chronic physical and mental health conditions. Methods: Data were drawn from the National Institutes of Health Environmental influences on Child Health Outcomes (ECHO) research program. Participants included 1764 children ages 8 to 17 years from 13 ECHO cohorts. We measured positive health using the Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS) Pediatric Global Health and Life Satisfaction patient-reported outcome (PRO) measures. We used multiple regression to examine cross-sectional associations between the PROs and parent-reported health conditions and sociodemographic variables. We defined a meaningful difference in average scores as a PROMIS T-score difference of >3. Results: The sample included 45% 13 to 17-year-olds, 50% females, 8% Latinx, and 23% Black/African-American. Fifty-four percent had a chronic health condition. Of the 16 chronic conditions included in the study, only chronic pain (β = -3.5; 95% CI: -5.2 to -1.9) and depression (β = -6.6; 95% CI: -8.5 to -4.6) were associated with scoring >3 points lower on global health. Only depression was associated with >3 points lower on life satisfaction (β = -6.2; 95% CI: -8.1 to -4.3). Among those with depression, 95% also had another chronic condition. Conclusions: Many children with chronic conditions have similar levels of positive health as counterparts without chronic conditions. The study results suggest that negative associations between chronic conditions and positive health may be primarily attributable to presence or co-occurrence of depression. ER  - 
Chorioamnionitis and risk of long-term neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring: a population-based cohort study$$$ Background: Evidence indicates that in utero exposure to chorioamnionitis might increase the risk of neurodevelopmental disorders in the offspring. However, findings on this topic have been inconsistent. Objective: To examine the association between chorioamnionitis and neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring. Study Design: This was a retrospective population-based cohort study in Sweden. A total of 2,228,280 singleton live births and stillbirths between 1998 and 2019 were included in our study population. Data on maternal characteristics and neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring were obtained by individual record-linkages of nationwide Swedish registries. Chorioamnionitis was identified using the National Medical Birth Register. Inpatient and outpatient diagnoses were obtained for cerebral palsy, autism, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, epilepsy, and intellectual disability. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate the association between chorioamnionitis and each neurodevelopmental disorder with adjusted hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals. A causal mediation analysis of the relationship between chorioamnionitis and neurodevelopmental disorders with preterm delivery (<37 weeks) was performed. Results: A total of 5770 (0.26%) offspring were exposed to chorioamnionitis during pregnancy. During the study's follow-up time there were 4752 (0.21%) cases of cerebral palsy, 17,897 (0.80 %) cases of epilepsy, 50,570 (2.27 %) cases of autism, 114,087 (5.12%) cases of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and 14,574 (0.65%) cases of intellectual disability. After adjusting for potential confounders, exposure to chorioamnionitis increased the hazard ratios of cerebral palsy (adjusted hazard ratio, 7.43; 95% confidence interval, 5.90–9.37), autism (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.43; 95% confidence interval, 1.21–1.68), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.17; 95% confidence interval, 1.03–1.33), and intellectual disability (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.99; 95% confidence interval, 1.53–2.58), whereas chorioamnionitis was not significantly associated with higher rates of epilepsy in offspring. Mediation analysis revealed that these associations were mainly explained through preterm delivery; however, increased risk was also observed among term infants. Conclusion: Chorioamnionitis increases the risk of neurodevelopmental disorders, particularly cerebral palsy, autism, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and intellectual disability. These associations were mainly mediated through preterm delivery. Efforts for timely identification and appropriate interventions to treat infections during pregnancy will have sustained benefits in reducing the burden of neurologic complications in children at the population level. ER  - 
Event-based modeling in temporal lobe epilepsy demonstrates progressive atrophy from cross-sectional data$$$ Objective: Recent work has shown that people with common epilepsies have characteristic patterns of cortical thinning, and that these changes may be progressive over time. Leveraging a large multicenter cross-sectional cohort, we investigated whether regional morphometric changes occur in a sequential manner, and whether these changes in people with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis (MTLE-HS) correlate with clinical features. Methods: We extracted regional measures of cortical thickness, surface area, and subcortical brain volumes from T1-weighted (T1W) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans collected by the ENIGMA-Epilepsy consortium, comprising 804 people with MTLE-HS and 1625 healthy controls from 25 centers. Features with a moderate case–control effect size (Cohen d ≥.5) were used to train an event-based model (EBM), which estimates a sequence of disease-specific biomarker changes from cross-sectional data and assigns a biomarker-based fine-grained disease stage to individual patients. We tested for associations between EBM disease stage and duration of epilepsy, age at onset, and antiseizure medicine (ASM) resistance. Results: In MTLE-HS, decrease in ipsilateral hippocampal volume along with increased asymmetry in hippocampal volume was followed by reduced thickness in neocortical regions, reduction in ipsilateral thalamus volume, and finally, increase in ipsilateral lateral ventricle volume. EBM stage was correlated with duration of illness (Spearman ρ =.293, p = 7.03 × 10−16), age at onset (ρ = −.18, p = 9.82 × 10−7), and ASM resistance (area under the curve =.59, p =.043, Mann–Whitney U test). However, associations were driven by cases assigned to EBM Stage 0, which represents MTLE-HS with mild or nondetectable abnormality on T1W MRI. Significance: From cross-sectional MRI, we reconstructed a disease progression model that highlights a sequence of MRI changes that aligns with previous longitudinal studies. This model could be used to stage MTLE-HS subjects in other cohorts and help establish connections between imaging-based progression staging and clinical features. ER  - 
Staring Spells: How to Distinguish Epileptic Seizures from Nonepileptic Staring$$$ Objective: To determine the nature of staring spells and factors distinguishing epileptic from nonepileptic staring spells, we studied the clinical and demographic features of children with staring spells referred to a regional new-onset seizure clinic. Study design: Our retrospective chart review encompassed 2818 consecutive patients evaluated in the new-onset seizure clinic between September 22, 2015, and March 19, 2018. We identified 121 patients with newly presenting staring spells. Results: Sixty-two of 121 (51%) children were diagnosed with nonepileptic staring spells and 59 (49%) with epileptic seizures (24 with absence epilepsy, 35 with focal epilepsy). Patients with nonepileptic staring spells were younger (4.8 vs 7.1 years, P =.001) and more likely to have developmental delay (P =.005) than the seizure group. There was an 8.9-month delay on average from the onset of staring spells to the new-onset seizure clinic visit. The emergency department was a referral source for 80% (28/35) of focal seizures. In children with focal seizures, the staring spells typically lasted >1minute (29/35, 83%), whereas only 19 of 62 (31%) of children with nonepileptic staring spells had events lasting this long (P =.04). All children had a routine electroencephalography (EEG) on the day of new-onset seizure clinic visit. EEG was diagnostic in 100% (24/24) of absence seizures and 51% (18/35) of focal seizures. Conclusions: In children presenting with staring spells, the differential diagnosis of epileptic staring spells vs nonepileptic staring spells can be made by history and routine EEG. Staring was as likely to be epileptic as nonepileptic spells. Younger children with developmental delay were more likely to have nonepileptic events. Our simple approach based on event duration, postictal symptoms, and EEG allowed identification of epileptic staring on first visit to new-onset seizure clinic but requires validation in future prospective studies including long-term video EEG monitoring and follow-up. ER  - 
Association between prenatal exposure to antidepressants and neonatal morbidity: An analysis of real-world data from a nationwide claims database in Japan$$$ Background: Depression during pregnancy is relatively undertreated; however, the relationship between prenatal exposure to antidepressants and neonatal outcomes remains controversial. Methods: This retrospective cohort study used a Japanese nationwide claims database. Data of 114,359 singletons born between January 2005 and November 2019 were used to evaluate the relationship between prenatal exposure to antidepressants and neonatal morbidity. Results: Of 2892 mothers with a history of depression before delivery, 352 (12.1%) received prescriptions within three months before delivery (MP3), and 2540 did not (non-MP3). The participants were propensity score matched (PSM) in a ratio of 1:3 using logistic regression (MP3_PSM [n = 351] vs non-MP3_PSM [n = 1052]), and maternal prescriptions of antidepressants within three months before delivery were associated with neonatal morbidity indicators, including admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) (15.7 vs. 9.1%, odds ratio (OR) 1.9 [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.3–2.6]), poor neonatal adaptation syndrome (6.0 vs 1.0%, OR 6.6 [95% CI: 3.1–14.2]), transient tachycardia (15.7 vs. 6.7%, OR 2.6 [95% CI: 1.8–3.8]), and meconium aspiration syndrome (3.1 vs 0.7%, OR 4.8 [95% CI, 1.9–12.5]). There were no significant differences in the long-term duration of stay at the NICU (>15 days). Limitations: Confounding factors may remain even after the propensity matching. Conclusion: Maternal prescription of antidepressants within three months before delivery was associated with increased admission to the NICU. However, the absolute risk of severe neonatal morbidity was low. Therefore, collaborative care for prenatal depression and the neonatal intensive care is warranted. ER  - 
Psychiatric morbidity among survivors of in-hospital cardiopulmonary resuscitation: A nationwide cohort study in South Korea$$$ Background: We aimed to examine the prevalence and associated factors of newly developed psychiatric morbidity among survivors of in-hospital cardiopulmonary resuscitation (ICPR). Additionally, we investigated whether pre-existing and newly developed psychiatric morbidities affect long-term mortality. Methods: We extracted data from the National Health Insurance Service database in South Korea. Adult ICPR survivors who underwent ICPR from January 1, 2010, to December 31, 2018, and who were alive for more than 1 year after ICPR were enrolled. Depression, anxiety, substance abuse, and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) were evaluated as psychiatric morbidity. Results: A total of 22,611 survivors of ICPR from 615 hospitals in South Korea were included in the final analysis. Among them, 7825 (34.6%) had pre-existing psychiatric morbidity before ICPR, while 2524 (11.2%) had newly developed psychiatric morbidity after ICPR. In multivariable Cox regression analysis, compared to the no psychiatric morbidity group, the pre-existing psychiatric morbidity group (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.02; 95% confidence interval, 0.94, 1.11; P = 0.629) and the newly developed psychiatric morbidity group (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.02; 95% confidence interval, 0.90, 1.15; P = 0.798) were not associated with 1-year all-cause mortality among 1-year survivors of ICPR. Limitation: Retrospective cohort design. Conclusions: In South Korea, 11.2% of ICPR survivors had newly developed psychiatric morbidity such as depression, anxiety disorder, substance abuse, and PTSD within 1 year after ICPR. However, both pre-existing and newly developed psychiatric morbidities were not associated with 1-year all-cause mortality among 1-year survivors of ICPR. ER  - 
Pediatric Functional Neurological Disorder: Demographic and Clinical Factors Impacting Care$$$ This is a multicenter retrospective EMR-based chart review of 88 patients aged 3–21 years admitted for evaluation of functional neurologic disorder (FND). We sought to establish characteristics associated with FND, calculate incidence of abnormal neurodiagnostic findings, and determine features associated with variability in workup and treatment. FND patients were 65% female, 40% White, 33% Hispanic, and 88% primarily English speaking with median 13.9 years. We detected variability in management by age, ethnicity, psychiatric comorbidity, and hospital site. Our findings suggest limited utility to CTs in this setting (100% normal) and that workup can be safely informed by physical exam, which predicted abnormal MRI and LP results. We favor screening for adverse childhood experiences in FND patients. Hospitalization may be a rare opportunity for psychiatry contact. ER  - 
Low recognition of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adult patients admitted to the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit$$$ Introduction: Adult patients with epilepsy (PWE) have an 18% prevalence of comorbid attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) compared to a prevalence of 2%–5% in the general population. Recognition of this dual diagnosis is important since stimulant therapy is both safe and effective in this population. Methods: Here, we aim to determine if PWE have adequate documentation for comorbid ADHD when being admitted to the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU). A retrospective review was conducted at the Baylor St. Luke's Medical Center EMU for patients presenting between July 2017 and November 2020. Patients were divided into two groups: Group I—patients without a documented ADHD diagnosis or ADHD medications and Group II—patients with a documented ADHD diagnosis and/or taking medications indicated specifically for ADHD. Results: Of 524 individual patients who presented to the EMU, only 25 patients (4.8%) had documentation of a diagnosis of ADHD and/or ADHD medications (Group II). The proportion of patients in Group II did not significantly differ based on the EMU diagnosis. However, there was a significantly greater number of other psychiatric diagnoses (p =.005) and a greater number of psychiatric medications prescribed (p <.001) in patients in Group II. Conclusion: Our study suggests that ADHD is underrecognized and underdiagnosed in patients presenting to the EMU, and screening tools may be useful to help clinicians address seizure comorbidities such as ADHD. ER  - 
Efficacy of cenobamate for uncontrolled focal seizures in patients with previous epilepsy-related surgery: Post hoc analysis of a phase 3, multicenter, open-label study$$$ Objective: This post hoc analysis of 10 US study sites from a long-term open-label phase 3 study of adjunctive cenobamate evaluated the efficacy of cenobamate in patients with prior epilepsy-related surgery. Methods: Patients with uncontrolled focal seizures despite taking stable doses of 1–3 concomitant antiseizure medications (ASMs) received increasing doses of cenobamate (12.5, 25, 50, 100, 150, 200 mg/day) at 2-week intervals over 12 weeks (target dose, 200 mg/day). Further increases up to 400 mg/day using biweekly 50-mg/day increments were allowed during the maintenance phase. Dose adjustments of cenobamate and concomitant ASMs were allowed. Data were assessed until the last clinic visit on or after September 1, 2019. Results: Of the 240 eligible patients, 85 had prior epilepsy-related surgery and 155 were nonsurgical patients. Baseline focal seizure frequency per 28 days was numerically higher among prior surgery (mean=25.9/median=4.1/range=0.3–562.3) versus nonsurgical (mean=13.8/median=2.4/range=0.2–534.2) patients. Among all patients, 100 % seizure reduction ≥ 12 months at any consecutive month interval occurred in 30.6 % (26/85) prior surgery and 39.4 % (61/155; p > 0.05) nonsurgical patients (cenobamate treatment median duration=32.9 months). Among the 177 patients still receiving cenobamate at the data cutoff, 29.2 % (19/65) of prior surgery and 36.6 % (41/112; p > 0.05) of nonsurgical patients had 100 % seizure reduction ≥ 12 months at the data cutoff. Cenobamate was well tolerated. Conclusions: This post hoc analysis supports the efficacy of cenobamate in patients with refractory focal seizures despite prior surgery. These findings suggest cenobamate may be considered early in the treatment regimen, including, in some patients, before surgery is considered. ER  - 
Clinical utility of a video/audio-based epilepsy monitoring system Nelli$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical utility of a semi-automated hybrid video/audio-based epilepsy monitoring system (Nelli®) in a home setting. Methods: In this retrospective study, 104 consecutive patients underwent Nelli-registration for an average of 29 days at their home. The seizure-related data obtained from the registration were assessed to investigate the utility of the Nelli-registration regarding clinical decision-making. Results: Of 104 patients, Nelli® hybrid system was able to recognize clinically relevant events in 83 (80%) patients: epileptic seizures in 67 (65%) and nonepileptic events in 16 (15%). A total of 2767 epileptic seizures of different seizure types were captured and identified. These seizures included not only tonic-clonic seizures but also other complex or simple motor seizures. For the outcomes regarding clinical decision-making, a need for a new therapeutic intervention was recognized in 54 (51.9%) patients based on the number and severity of seizures captured by Nelli-registration. In 12 (11.5%) patients, the need to change the treatment plan was excluded because no evidence of suspected epileptic seizures was found. Nelli-registration aided in confirming the therapeutic efficacy of modifications of antiseizure medications (ASMs) or neuromodulation therapies in 13 (12.5%) patients. Nelli-registration enabled to determine the change in seizure classification and facilitated to reach clear diagnostic conclusions in 11 (10.6%) patients. In 14 (13.5%) patients, there was no change in clinical outcome, as Nelli-registration was unable to infer any clinical decision either due to inconclusive results or lack of typical events. Seizures detected during Nelli-registration aided in decision-making for therapeutic interventions in 71 (68%) patients. Altogether, 44 (42%) patients had adjustment of ASMs, and in 9 (9%) patients, Nelli-registrations led to the change in the settings of vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) or deep brain stimulation (DBS) treatment. Additionally, 18 (17%) patients were referred to presurgical evaluation or established a baseline seizure frequency before surgical implantation for neuromodulation treatment with VNS or DBS, while 33 (32%) patients had no change in therapy. Nine patients (8.7%) were referred to video-EEG monitoring (VEM), as Nelli-recorded events highlighted the need for presurgical evaluation in 6 patients or further diagnostic evaluation in 3 patients. Conclusion: This study confirms the clinical utility of the video/audio monitoring system Nelli® in home settings. Home monitoring with Nelli® hybrid system provides a new alternative for the assessment of frequency and type of epileptic seizures as well as for a recognition of nonepileptic events. Thus, Nelli-registration can facilitate the optimization of seizure monitoring and management in clinical practice, complementing existing methods such as VEM and ambulatory EEG recordings. ER  - 
Early Postnatal Outcome and Care after in Utero Exposure to Lithium: A Single Center Analysis of a Belgian Tertiary University Hospital$$$ Knowledge of the impact of in utero exposure to lithium during the postnatal period is limited. Besides a possible teratogenic effect during the first trimester, exposure during the second and third trimesters might lead to neonatal effects. Uniform guidelines for postnatal management of these neonates are lacking. The aim was to retrospectively describe all neonates admitted to the University Hospitals Leuven after in utero exposure to lithium (January 2010 to April 2020), and to propose a postnatal care protocol. Descriptive statistics were performed. For continuous parameters with serial measurements, median population values were calculated. In total, 10 mother-neonate pairs were included. The median gestational age was 37 (interquartile range, IQR, 36–39) weeks. Neonatal plasma lithium concentration at birth was 0.65 (IQR 0.56–0.83) mmol/L with a median neonate/mother ratio of 1.02 (IQR 0.87–1.08). Three neonates needed respiratory support, 7/10 started full enteral (formula) feeding on day 1. The median length of neonatal stay was 8.5 (IQR 8–12) days. One neonate developed nephrogenic diabetes insipidus. This study reported in detail the postnatal characteristics and short-term neonatal outcomes. A postnatal care protocol was proposed, to enhance the quality of care for future neonates, and to guide parental counselling. Future prospective protocol evaluation is needed. ER  - 
Perampanel for the treatment of patients with myoclonic seizures in clinical practice: Evidence from the PERMIT study$$$ Purpose: To investigate the effectiveness, safety and tolerability of perampanel (PER) in treating myoclonic seizures in clinical practice, using data from the PERaMpanel pooled analysIs of effecTiveness and tolerability (PERMIT) study. Methods: PERMIT was a pooled analysis of 44 real-world studies from 17 countries, in which patients with focal and generalised epilepsy were treated with PER. This post-hoc analysis included patients with myoclonic seizures at baseline. Retention and effectiveness were assessed after 3, 6, and 12 months; effectiveness was additionally assessed at the last visit (last observation carried forward). Effectiveness assessments included responder rate (≥50% seizure frequency reduction from baseline) and seizure freedom rate (no seizures since at least the prior visit). Safety and tolerability were assessed by evaluating adverse events (AEs) and discontinuation due to AEs. Results: 156 patients had myoclonic seizures (59.0% female; mean age, 32.1 years; idiopathic generalised epilepsy, 89.1%; Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy, 63.1%; monthly median myoclonic seizure frequency [interquartile range], 1.7 [1.0–10.0]; mean [standard deviation] prior antiseizure medications, 2.9 [2.6]). Retention was assessed for 133 patients (mean time, 12.1 months), effectiveness for 142, and safety/tolerability for 156. Responder and seizure freedom rates were, respectively, 89.5% and 68.8% at 12 months, and 85.9% and 63.4% at the last visit. Incidence of AEs was 46.8%, the most frequent being dizziness/vertigo (19.2%), irritability (18.6%) and somnolence (9.6%). AEs led to discontinuation of 14.0% of patients over 12 months. Conclusion: PER was associated with reduction in myoclonic seizure frequency in patients with myoclonic seizures treated in everyday clinical practice. ER  - 
Increased suicide attempt risk in people with epilepsy in the presence of concurrent psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objectives To test the hypothesis that people with concurrent diagnosis of epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are at increased risk of attempting suicide as compared to people with epilepsy or PNES alone. To report on suicide rates. Methods Retrospective cohort study from the UK largest tertiary mental health care provider, with linked nationwide admission and mortality data from the Hospital Episode Statistics and Office for National Statistics. Participants were 2460 people with a primary or secondary diagnosis of epilepsy, PNES or concurrent epilepsy and PNES attending between 1 January 2007 and 18 June 2021. The primary outcome was a first hospital admission for suicide attempt (International Classification of Diseases, version 10 X60-X84). Results 9% of participants had at least one suicide attempt-related hospital admission. For people with concurrent diagnosis of epilepsy and PNES, the odds for suicide attempt-related admissions were 2.52 times the odds of people with epilepsy alone (OR 0.40; 95% CI 0.21 to 0.79; p=0.01). Odds were comparable between people with concurrent diagnosis and people with PNES alone (OR 0.75; 95% CI 0.41 to 1.48; p=0.40). Post hoc analyses revealed that the odds of people with PNES alone were 1.93 times the odds of people with epilepsy alone (OR 0.52; 95% CI 0.38 to 0.70; p<0.001). Conclusions People with concurrent diagnosis of epilepsy and PNES or PNES alone have significantly increased odds of hospitalisation due to suicide attempt as compared to people with epilepsy alone (152% and 93% increase, respectively). These findings have direct implications for the clinical management of suicide risk in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Sequelae at Hospital Discharge in 61 Children With Invasive Meningococcal Disease, Chile, 2009-2019$$$ Background: Invasive meningococcal disease (IMD) is an unpredictable and severe infection caused by Neisseria meningitidis. Its case fatality rate could vary from 9.7% to 26% and up to 36% of survivors may experience long-term sequelae, representing a challenge for public health. Aimed: To describe the sequelae at hospital discharge caused by IMD in children between years 2009-2019. Methods: Cross-sectional study performed in 2 pediatric hospitals. Patients with microbiologically confirmed diagnosis of IMD from 2009 to 2019 were included. Bivariate and logistic regression analysis were performed. Results: The records of 61 patients were reviewed and included. Sixty-seven percent were male, median age 9 months (interquartile range 4-27), 72% were admitted to intensive care unit. Thirty-seven (60.5%) had at least 1 sequela (75% and 37% in patients with or without meningitis, respectively). The most frequents sequelae were neurological 72%, hearing loss 32%, and osteoarticular 24%. Significant differences were found comparing patients with and without sequelae: drowsiness 67.6% versus 41.7% (P = 0.04), irritability 67.6% versus 25% (P = 0.01), meningeal signs 62.2% versus 29.2% (P = 0.01). In logistic regression analysis, postdischarge follow-up had OR 21.25 (95% confidence intervals [CI]: 4.93-91.44), irritability had OR 8.53 (95% CI: 1.64-44.12), meningeal signs had OR 8.21 (95% CI: 0.71-94.05), invasive mechanical ventilation had OR 8.23 (95% CI: 0.78-85.95), meningitis plus meningococcemia OR 1.70 (95% CI: 0.18-15.67) to have sequelae, while children with meningococcemia and vomiting had a OR 0.04 (95% CI: 0.00-0.36) and OR 0.27 (95% CI: 0.03-2.14), respectively. N. meningitidis serogroup W (MenW) was isolated in 54.1% (33/61), and N. meningitidis serogroup B (MenB) in 31.1% (19/61) of cases. A significant difference was found in osteoarticular sequelae (P = 0.05) between MenB and MenW. There was a decrease in cases after the meningococcal conjugate vaccine against serogroups A, C, W and Y was implemented (2015-2019). Conclusions: IMD remains as a public health concern. A high rate of sequelae was found in pediatric patients in our series, even in the clinical manifestations other than meningitis. Neurological sequelae were the most prevalent. Multidisciplinary follow-up protocols to reduce long-term impact must be urgently established to assess all children with IMD. ER  - 
Gastrointestinal Features of 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome Include Chronic Motility Problems from Childhood to Adulthood$$$ Objectives: 22q11.2 deletion syndrome (22q11.2DS) is the most common chromosomal microdeletion syndrome and has a multisystemic presentation including gastrointestinal features that have not yet been fully described. Our aim was to examine lifetime gastrointestinal problems in a large cohort of patients with 22q11.2DS. Methods: All patients followed in the 22q and You Center at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (n = 1421) were retrospectively screened for: 1) age ≥ 17 years, 2) documented chromosomal microdeletion within the 22q11.2 LCR22A-LCR22D region, and 3) sufficient clinical data to characterize the adult gastrointestinal phenotype. Gastrointestinal problems in childhood, adolescence, and adulthood were summarized. Statistical association testing of symptoms against other patient characteristics was performed. Results: Included patients (n = 206; 46% female; mean age, 27 years; median follow-up, 21 years) had similar clinical characteristics to the overall cohort. Genetic distribution was also similar, with 96% having deletions including the critical LCR22A-LCR22B segment (95% in the overall cohort). Most patients experienced chronic gastrointestinal symptoms in their lifetime (91%), but congenital gastrointestinal malformations (3.5%) and gastrointestinal autoimmune diseases (1.5%) were uncommon. Chronic symptoms without anatomic or pathologic abnormalities represented the vast burden of illness. Chronic symptoms in adulthood are associated with other chronic gastrointestinal symptoms and psychiatric comorbidities (P < 0.01) but not with deletion size or physiologic comorbidities (P > 0.05). One exception was increased nausea/vomiting in hypothyroidism (P = 0.002). Conclusions: Functional gastrointestinal disorders (FGIDs) are a common cause of ill health in children and adults with 22q11.2DS. Providers should consider screening for the deletion in patients presenting with FGIDs and associated comorbidities such as neuropsychiatric illness, congenital heart disease, and palatal abnormalities. ER  - 
Role of resective surgery in patients older than 60 years with therapy-resistant epilepsy$$$ OBJECTIVE Epilepsy surgery for older adults is controversial owing to their longer duration of epilepsy and perceived higher surgical risk. However, because of an aging population and documented benefit of epilepsy surgery, surgery is considered more frequently for these patients. The authors’ objective was to analyze the role of resective surgery in patients older than 60 years and to assess outcomes and safety. METHODS The authors conducted a retrospective analysis of 595 patients who underwent resective epilepsy surgery at their center from 1999 to 2018. Thirty-one patients aged 60 years or older were identified. Sixty patients younger than 60 years were randomly selected as controls. Population characteristics, results of presurgical evaluations, outcomes, and complications were analyzed. RESULTS No significant differences were found between the groups in terms of hemisphere dominance, side of surgery, presence of a lesion, and incidence of temporal lobe epilepsy. Epilepsy duration was greater in the older cohort (p = 0.019), and invasive EEG was more commonly employed in younger patients (p = 0.030). The rates of Engel class I outcome at 6 months, 1 year, and 2 years were 89.7%, 96.2%, and 94.7% for the older group and 75% (p = 0.159), 67.3% (p = 0.004), and 75.8% (p = 0.130) for the younger group, respectively. The proportion of seizure-free patients was greatest among those with temporal lobe epilepsy, particularly in the older group. Neurological complication rates did not differ significantly between groups, however medical and other minor complications occurred more frequently in the older group. CONCLUSIONS Patients older than 60 years had equal or better outcomes at 1 year after epilepsy surgery than younger patients. A trend toward a greater proportion of patients with lesional temporal lobe epilepsy was found in the older group. These results suggest that good seizure outcomes can be obtained in older patients despite longer duration of epilepsy. ER  - 
Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder during the Initial Stage of COVID-19 Pandemic: Effect of Contamination Symptoms and Poor Insight on Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Exacerbation$$$ We aimed to investigate the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on the symptom severity and dimensions of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and how patients with different levels of insight have been impacted by the pandemic. This study included 58 patients with OCD. The Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS)-Obsession, Y-BOCS-Compulsion, and Y-BOCS-Total scores during the pandemic were significantly higher than the prepandemic scores (p=0.001, p < 0.001, p=0.002, respectively). Compared with the pre-COVID-19 period, severity of OCD symptoms increased in 39.7% patients, remained the same in 44.8% patients, and reduced in 15.5% patients during the pandemic. The obsession with contamination, Brown Assessment of Beliefs Scale (for insight assessment) score, and time spent following the news/data about COVID-19 were significantly associated with an increase in OCD severity. In patients with contamination obsessions as well as poor insight, close monitoring and facilitating access to treatment may reduce the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. ER  - 
Readmission and emergency department presentation after hospitalisation for epilepsy in people with intellectual disability: A data linkage study$$$ Background Despite the high prevalence of epilepsy and multiple barriers to care in people with intellectual disability, the risk of returning to hospital after an admission for epilepsy is largely unknown. In this study, we sought to quantify and compare readmission and emergency department (ED) presentations after hospitalisation for epilepsy in people with and without intellectual disability. Methods and findings Using linked administrative datasets, we conducted a retrospective cohort study of people aged 5-64 years with an acute hospitalisation for epilepsy from 2005-2014 in New South Wales, Australia. Acute readmission and ED presentation rates within 30, 90, and 365 days of the index hospitalisation were estimated and compared between people with and without intellectual disability using modified Poisson regression. Of 13537 individuals with an index hospitalisation, 712 children and 1862 adults had intellectual disability. Readmission and ED presentation after the index hospitalisation were common in people with intellectual disability. Within 30 days, 11% of children and 15.6% of adults had an all-cause readmission and 18% of children and 23.5% of adults had an ED presentation. Over 60% of both children and adults presented to an ED within a year. Neurological, respiratory, and infectious conditions were overrepresented reasons for readmission in people with intellectual disability. Age-adjusted relative risks (RRs) within each period showed a higher risk of readmission and ED presentation in children and adults with intellectual disability than without. Most RRs remained statistically significant after controlling for covariates. The largest adjusted RRs were observed for readmission for epilepsy (RR 1.70, 95% CI: 1.42 to 2.04) and non-epilepsy related conditions (RR 1.73, 95%: CI 1.43 to 2.10) in children. Study limitations include lack of clinical data. Conclusions Increased risk of returning to acute care after epilepsy hospitalisation suggests there is a need to improve epilepsy care for people with intellectual disability. We recommend research into strategies to improve management of both seizures and comorbidity. ER  - 
Referral Pattern of Inpatients to Psychiatry Department and the Diagnostic Concordance between the Referral Departments and Psychiatry Team- A Retrospective Study$$$ Introduction: The referral of inpatients to psychiatry team is more in India due to the increase in the morbidity rates of people. The referrals to Psychiatric Department with a specific psychiatric diagnosis are considerably very low. Most often, the diagnosis made by the clinicians doesn't match with that of the psychiatrist. Physical illness is shown to have a strong association with psychiatric co-morbidity. Such association complicates the course and outcome of both the conditions. Aim: To evaluate the pattern of inpatient referral to the Psychiatric Department and to estimate the diagnostic concordance between the referral and psychiatric team. Materials and Methods: This retrospective study, with prior permission from the Department of psychiatry, included all the inpatient referrals (n=310) to Psychiatry Department by other departments from January 2019 to December 2019. Data collection was done from March 2020 to August 2020 and data analysis from September 2020 to November 2020, in Saveetha Medical College and Hospital, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. Data was obtained from a psychiatry referral register and was statistically analysed using Microsoft Excel (MS Office 2013) for percentage, mean and Standard Deviation (SD) for descriptive variables. Diagnostic concordance to assess the reason for referral and diagnostic accuracy in terms of reason of referral and psychiatric diagnosis was analysed using kappa statistics. Results: The most common psychiatric disorder for referral was alcohol dependence syndrome (n=102, 32.9%) followed by depression (n=38, 12.3%) and adjustment disorders (n=34, 10.9 %). Concordance was good for intellectual disorder (κ=1.00), depression (κ=0.969) and alcohol dependence syndrome (κ=0.963). Very low concordance was observed in diagnosing acute confusional state (κ=0.195) and panic disorder (κ =0). Conclusion: Alcohol withdrawal syndrome, adjustment disorder and depression were the most common reasons in referring inpatients to psychiatry. Lower concordance for psychiatric disorders like Acute confusional state and Panic disorder could be explained by inadequate psychiatry exposure and hence be improved by better undergraduate psychiatry training. ER  - 
Risk Factors for New Neurologic Diagnoses in Hospitalized Patients with COVID-19: A Case-Control Study in New York City$$$ Background and ObjectivesThere have been numerous reports of neurologic manifestations identified in hospitalized patients infected with SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. Here, we identify the spectrum of associated neurologic symptoms and diagnoses, define the time course of their development, and examine readmission rates and mortality risk posthospitalization in a multiethnic urban cohort.MethodsWe identify the occurrence of new neurologic diagnoses among patients with laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection in New York City. A retrospective cohort study was performed on 532 cases (hospitalized patients with new neurologic diagnoses within 6 weeks of positive SARS-CoV-2 laboratory results between March 1, 2020, and August 31, 2020). We compare demographic and clinical features of the 532 cases with 532 controls (hospitalized COVID-19 patients without neurologic diagnoses) in a case-control study with one-to-one matching and examine hospital-related data and outcomes of death and readmission up to 6 months after acute hospitalization in a secondary case-only analysis.ResultsAmong the 532 cases, the most common new neurologic diagnoses included encephalopathy (478, 89.8%), stroke (66, 12.4%), and seizures (38, 7.1%). In the case-control study, cases were more likely than controls to be male (58.6% vs 52.8%, p = 0.05), had baseline neurologic comorbidities (36.3% vs 13.0%, p < 0.0001), and were to be treated in an intensive care unit (62.0% vs 9.6%, p < 0.0001). Of the 394 (74.1%) cases who survived acute hospitalization, more than half (220 of 394, 55.8%) were readmitted within 6 months, with a mortality rate of 23.2% during readmission.DiscussionHospitalized patients with SARS-CoV-2 and new neurologic diagnoses have significant morbidity and mortality postdischarge. Further research is needed to define the effect of neurologic diagnoses during acute hospitalization on longitudinal post-COVID-19-related symptoms including neurocognitive impairment. ER  - 
Prehospital benzodiazepine use and need for respiratory support in paediatric seizures$$$ Background Paramedics are frequently called to attend seizures in children. High-quality evidence on second-line treatment of benzodiazepine (BZD)-refractory convulsions with parenteral long-acting antiepileptic drugs in children has become available from the ED. In order to address the potential need for an alternative agent, we set out to determine the association of BZD use prehospital and the need for respiratory support. Methods We conducted a retrospective observational study of state-wide ambulance service data (Ambulance Victoria in Victoria, Australia, population: 6.5 million). Children aged 0–17 years assessed for seizures by paramedics were analysed for demographics, process factors, treatment and airway management. We calculated adjusted ORs (AOR) of the requirement for respiratory support in relation to the number of BZD doses administered. Results Paramedics attended 5112 children with suspected seizures over 1 year (1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019). Overall, need for respiratory support was low (n=166; 3.2%). Before ambulance arrival, 509 (10.0%) had already received a BZD and 420 (8.2%) were treated with midazolam by paramedics. Of the 846 (16.5%) patients treated with BZD, 597 (70.6%) received 1 BZD dose, 156 (18.4%) 2 doses and 93 (11.0%) >2 doses of BZD. Patients who were administered 1, 2 and >2 doses of BZD received respiratory support in 8.9%, 32.1% (AOR 4.6 vs 1 dose, 95% CI 2.9 to 7.4) and 49.5% (AOR 10.3 vs 1 dose, 95% CI 6.0 to 17.9), respectively. Conclusions Increasing administration of BZD doses was associated with higher use of respiratory support. Alternative prehospital antiepileptic drugs to minimise respiratory depression should be investigated in future research. ER  - 
Therapeutic Drug Monitoring for Rufinamide in Japanese Patients With Epilepsy: Focus on Drug Interactions, Tolerability, and Clinical Effectiveness$$$ Background:The purposes of this study were to assess drug interactions between rufinamide and concomitant antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and to identify the therapeutic window for rufinamide.Methods:Serum samples (n = 1531) were obtained from 178 patients (aged 2-57 years), and clinical records were retrospectively reviewed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of rufinamide (mean observation time, 1073 ± 846 days).Results:Rufinamide exhibited linear pharmacokinetics at doses of up to 60 mg/kg (range, 50-3200 mg/d). Concomitant use of the enzyme-inducing AEDs such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, and phenobarbital reduced rufinamide concentrations by 43.4%, 13.2%, and 30.3%, respectively. By contrast, concomitant use of valproate significantly elevated rufinamide concentrations. Clinical response was seen in 41 patients (23.0%), with a median therapeutic concentration (interquartile range) of 20.6 mcg/mL (13.3-27.0). There was no difference in the therapeutic concentrations between seizure types, but patients with tonic/atonic seizures tended to have higher rufinamide concentrations. During the study period, adverse events were reported in 64 patients (35.8%), including somnolence, gastrointestinal disorders, dizziness, and irritability/behavior disorders. Conditional logistic regression analysis showed that patients administered a concentration greater than 20 mcg/mL had an 8.6-fold higher incidence of adverse events.Conclusions:Therapeutic drug monitoring for rufinamide is clinically useful for predicting drug interactions between rufinamide and concomitant AEDs. When a patient has tonic/atonic seizures, careful titration is required for concentrations greater than 20 mcg/mL. ER  - 
Attitudes and Beliefs Toward Cannabis Before Recreational Legalization: A Cross-Sectional Study of Community Adults in Ontario$$$ Objectives: To characterize attitudes and perceptions regarding risks and benefits of cannabis before Canadian legalization for recreational use, both in general and between cannabis users and nonusers. Methods: A cross-sectional sample of community adults assessed in the month before legalization (September 17 to October 17, 2018). Overall, 1,480 individuals (60% female) of an average age of 34.5 years (±13.92) were included in the analysis; 48% reported cannabis use in the past 6 months. Attitudes and perceptions were assessed using a subset of items from the Canadian Cannabis Survey, the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, and the Risks and Benefits of Cannabis Use. Results: Most commonly identified risks of cannabis were impaired memory (67%) and legal problems (54%). Most also identified addiction as a risk (52%), although 25% reported that cannabis was not addictive. The most commonly identified benefits were for pain relief (94%) and management of stress, anxiety, or depression (80%). Active cannabis users systematically reported lower endorsement of risks and higher endorsement of benefits. Only 6% of respondents anticipated increasing cannabis use postlegalization. Among other legal substances, medical cannabis was considered the most socially acceptable, followed by alcohol, recreational cannabis, electronic cigarettes, and then combustible cigarettes. Conclusion: Before legalization, attitudes toward cannabis in this sample of Canadian adults were generally favorable, particularly for medical cannabis. Perceptions of risk were often compatible with existing evidence, but notable proportions underendorsed risk of cannabis use disorder and overendorsed benefits for mental health. These results suggest priorities for public health messaging and provide benchmarks for understanding attitudinal changes postlegalization. ER  - 
SERIAL ECHOCARDIOGRAPHIC ASSESSMENT OF PATIENTS WITH DRAVET SYNDROME TREATED WITH FENFLURAMINE FOR UP TO 3 YEARS: NO INCIDENCE OF VALVULAR HEART DISEASE OR PULMONARY ARTERY HYPERTENSION$$$ Aims Fenfluramine (FFA) has been shown in 2 randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials to substantially reduce the frequency of convulsive seizures in children and young adults with Dravet syndrome (DS, median% reduction compared with placebo, 54% and 65%). FFA had been previously marketed as a weight loss drug for obese adults but was withdrawn following reports of valvular heart disease (VHD). Here we report an update on the cardiovascular safety of patients with DS treated for up to 3 years. Methods Patients who successfully completed one of the three phase 3 trials were eligible to enroll in this open-label extension (OLE) study (NCT02823145). Upon entry into the OLE, all patients started FFA at 0.2 mg/kg/day. After 4 weeks, the dose could be titrated based on efficacy and tolerability to a maximum of 0.7 mg/kg/day (maximum 26 mg/day) or 0.4 mg/ kg/day (maximum 17 mg/day) for patients concomitantly receiving stiripentol. During the OLE, all patients were assessed with transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) using a priori standardized methods and blinded readings in accordance with American Society of Echocardiography standards for echocardiography core laboratories (Douglas, 2009). TTEs were performed at OLE entry, then after 4-6 weeks, and every 3 months thereafter. VHD was defined as ≥ moderate mitral regurgitation (MR) and/or ≥ mild aortic regurgitation (AR) and physical signs or symptoms attributable to valve disease (eg, structural lesion/restriction of valve movement of the aortic or mitral valve, abnormal left ventricular systolic function with depressed left ventricle ejection fraction, left ventricle dilatation, left atrial enlargement). Systolic pulmonary artery pressure >35 mmHg (measured by tricuspid regurgitant jet velocity) was considered evidence of pulmonary artery hypertension (PAH). Results As of 11/30/2021, 327 patients had enrolled in the OLE and received at least 1 dose of FFA (mean age at enrollment [±SD], 9.2±4.7 years; 46.5% female). A total of 262, 191, and 100 patients had echocardiograms after 12, 24, and 36 months of treatment in the OLE, respectively. A total of 3308 TTEs have been conducted (mean±SD per patient, 10.1 ±3.2) during the study. A single patient (0.3%) had a finding of mild MR (considered physiologic) during the study, and no patients demonstrated moderate or greater MR during the OLE. A single patient (0.3%) demonstrated mild (considered pathologic) AR at Month 15a finding that triggered additional investigation. A transesophageal echocardiogram (TEE) performed 6 weeks later found absent AR with trace No abnormalities of valve morphology were found on TEE or on TTE. No VHD or PAH was observed in any patient during the OLE. Conclusion This study is the largest, longest, and most rigorous prospective examination of the cardiovascular safety of FFA, and its results continue to demonstrate absence of clinically significant VHD or PAH. These data support a positive benefit-risk profile for FFA in the treatment of patients with DS. ER  - 
THE SPECTRUM OF CO-MORBIDITIES IN CHILDREN WITH ASD (AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORDER)$$$ Aims To study the spectrum of co-morbidities in children with ASD and their association with the severity of symptoms in ASD children as measured on Childhood Autism Rating Scale (CARS). Methods This is a retrospective study of data collected from ASD (DSM 5 criteria) children between January 2017 to March 2021. Informed parental consent was obtained from the target group aged 2-18 years. A total of 1551 children (1310 boys, median age of 4.8 years with Interquartile range 3.2-7 years) were enrolled, patients were regularly followed at an interval of one to three months in Autism clinic. Standard clinical proforma was used to collect the detailed history and holistic evaluation. Evaluation for symptom severity and behavioural co-morbidities were done by CARS, Autism Behaviour Checklist (ABC), and Childhood Behaviour Check List (CBCL) at baseline as well as on follow up visits. Based on the co-morbidities and severity the standard form of behavioural therapy and medications were prescribed. Results The proportion of children with co-morbidities was 80% (1255/1551). Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder was the most common behavioural comorbidity (57.55%), followed by disruptive behaviour (4.51%) and obsessive-compulsive disorder (1.42%). Amongst other observed clinical co-morbidities global developmental delay/intellectual disability, sleep disturbances and epilepsy which were found in 55.58%, 47.29% and 12% of the children respectively. Gastrointestinal issues including feeding disorders were found in 5.22% and 0.45% of the children were obese. Learning difficulty was found in 2.32% of the children and it was higher in females, when compared to males (p-0.013). Only co-morbidities which were associated with high CARS score were feeding disorder (39.08 vs 37.14, p-0.02) and disruptive behaviour (38.88 vs 37.11, p-0.008). Conclusion The magnitude of co-morbidity in children with ASD is high. ER  - 
COGNITION, ADAPTIVE SKILLS AND EPILEPSY DISABILITY/SEVERITY IN PATIENTS WITH LENNOXGASTAUT SYNDROME UNDERGOING DEEP BRAIN STIMULATION FOR EPILEPSY$$$ Objective We describe the properties of six cognitive tests and their utility in young adults with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) undergoing a deep brain stimulation (DBS) treatment trial ('ESTEL': Electrical Stimulation of Thalamus in Epilepsy of the Lennox-Gastaut phenotype), assessing for changes in outcomes after 3-months of treatment. Methods Twenty ESTEL patients with LGS (17-37 years;13 females) were studied; one participant was not randomised due to device removal, with outcomes of 19 remaining participants reported. All had cognitive/behavioural testing administered at baseline (i.e., pre-DBS implantation), end of the blinded phase and study exit. Testing batteries measured cognition (NIHTB-CB), adaptive skills (ABAS-3), epilepsy severity (GASE)/disability (GAD), quality of life (QOLIE-31) and depression (PHQ-9). Changes in test scores after 3-months of DBS-treatment were compared to baseline (Wilcoxon signed rank test). Results No deterioration in tests scores was observed after 3- months of DBS treatment, and epilepsy severity (GASE) improved (P=0.03). Testing that relied on participants, rather than caregivers could only be completed only by higher-functioning individuals (NIHTB-CB, n=13; QOLIE-31, n=3; and PHQ-9, n=6), with behavioural and physical limitations further adding to difficulties with test administration. Standardised scores were hindered by a 'floor effect', with use of raw scores revealing variability amongst participants in order to assess for changes post-treatment. Conclusion DBS treatment is associated with reduced epilepsy severity and disability in young adults with LGS. Performing neuropsychological outcome testing in patients with cognitive impairment is challenging but possible and requires careful selection of testing batteries and modifications of test interpretation to avoid floor effects. ER  - 
Potential Benefit of Add-on Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol in Pediatric Drug-Resistant Epilepsy: A Case Series$$$ We present five cases of pediatric drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) that failed management using high cannabidiol (CBD) doses, but had significant reduction in seizure frequency with reintroduction or increasing doses of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). There is growing evidence supporting the use of whole-plant CBD-rich extracts (containing THC and other cannabinoids) in the treatment of pediatric DRE. Based on our experiences and reports in the literature, we propose that, in patients who fail management with an initial trial of high-dose CBD-focused therapy, there may be a role for add-on THC-focused formulations. ER  - 
Effects of long-term supplementation of probiotics on cognitive function and emotion in temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Cognitive impairment and neuropsychiatric disorders are very common in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). These comorbidities complicate the treatment of epilepsy and seriously affect the quality of life. So far, there is still no effective intervention to prevent the development of epilepsy-associated comorbidities. Gut dysbiosis has been recognized to be involved in the pathology of epilepsy development. Modulating gut microbiota by probiotics has shown an antiseizure effect on humans and animals with epilepsy. Whether this treatment strategy has a positive effect on epilepsy-associated comorbidities remains unclear. Therefore, this study aimed to objectively assess the effect of probiotics on cognitive function and neuropsychiatric performance of patients with TLE. Participants enrolled in an epilepsy clinic were randomly assigned to the probiotic and placebo groups. These two groups were treated with probiotics or placebo for 12 weeks, and then the cognitive function and psychological performance of participants were assessed. We enrolled 76 participants in this study, and 70 subjects were finally included in the study (35 in the probiotics group and 35 in the placebo group). Our results showed significant seizure reduction in patients with TLE treated with probiotics. No significant differences were observed on cognitive function (including intelligence and memory) between groups. For neuropsychiatric performances, supplementation of probiotics significantly decreased the Hamilton Anxiety Rating and Depression Scale scores and increased the 89-item Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory score in patients with TLE. In conclusion, probiotics have a positive impact on seizures control, and improve anxiety, depression, and quality of life in patients with TLE. ER  - 
Serum Calprotectin - a NET Product - as a Biomarker of Disease Activity in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus: A Single-Center Case-Control Study from Poland$$$ Background: Calprotectin (S100A8/A9 or myeloid-related protein 8/14) is a heterodimeric S100 complex expressed in leukocytes. Calprotectin participates in development of the inflammatory response by binding to receptors for advanced glycation end-products (RAGE) and Toll-like receptors (TLR). The clinical activity of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is evaluated using the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics (SLICC) criteria and the Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI). This Polish single-center case-control study aimed to evaluate serum levels of calprotectin as a rapid diagnostic biomarker of SLE (59 patients with SLE were compared with 52 healthy controls). Material/Methods: Calprotectin concentration was measured with the use of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The SLE activity of the patients was assessed by the SLEDAI scale. Statistical analysis of the results was carried out using MedCalc 15.8 software. P<0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: A significantly higher concentration of calprotectin was found in the study group compared to the control group (medians: 3.11 vs 2.45 ng/ml; P=0.0013). We found that calprotectin has high sensitivity (89.83%) and specificity (53.85%) in differentiating between SLE patients and healthy volunteers. We found that calprotectin has very high sensitivity (100%) and specificity (82.46%) in detection of patients with moderate and severe SLE assessed using SLEDAI. Conclusions: Consistent with previous studies, serum calprotectin level was revealed to have potential as a rapid diagnostic biomarker of disease activity in patients with SLE. ER  - 
Impact of Sevoflurane and Thiopental Used Over the Course of Electroconvulsive Therapy: Propensity Score Matching Analysis$$$ Objective: Although anesthetics play an important role in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), the clinical efficacy and seizure adequacy of sevoflurane in the course of ECT remain unclear. The purpose of this study was to examine the clinical efficacy and seizure adequacy of sevoflurane, compared with those of thiopental, in the course of ECT in patients with mood disorders. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review. Patients who underwent a course of ECT and received sevoflurane (n = 26) or thiopental (n = 26) were included. Factors associated with ECT and treatment outcomes were compared between the two groups using propensity score (PS) matching. Between-group differences were examined using an independent t-test for continuous variables and a χ2-test for categorical variables. Results: Patients who received sevoflurane needed more stimulations (sevoflurane: 13.2 ± 4 times, thiopental: 10.0 ± 2.5 times, df = 51, p = 0.001) and sessions (sevoflurane: 10.0 ± 2.1 times, thiopental: 8.4 ± 2.1 times, df = 51, p = 0.01) and had more inadequate seizures (sevoflurane: 5 ± 3.9 times, thiopental: 2.7 ± 2.7 times, df = 51, p = 0.015). Remission and response rates were similar in both groups. Conclusion: The present findings indicate that sevoflurane should be used with caution in ECT and only when the clinical rationale is clear. ER  - 
The Ketogenic Diet for Refractory Mental Illness: A Retrospective Analysis of 31 Inpatients$$$ Background and Hypothesis: The robust evidence base supporting the therapeutic benefit of ketogenic diets in epilepsy and other neurological conditions suggests this same metabolic approach may also benefit psychiatric conditions. Study Design: In this retrospective analysis of clinical care, 31 adults with severe, persistent mental illness (major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, and schizoaffective disorder) whose symptoms were poorly controlled despite intensive psychiatric management were admitted to a psychiatric hospital and placed on a ketogenic diet restricted to a maximum of 20 grams of carbohydrate per day as an adjunct to conventional inpatient care. The duration of the intervention ranged from 6 to 248 days. Study Results: Three patients were unable to adhere to the diet for >14 days and were excluded from the final analysis. Among included participants, means and standard deviations (SDs) improved for the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores from 25.4 (6.3) to 7.7 (4.2), P < 0.001 and the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale from 29.6 (7.8) to 10.1 (6.5), P < 0.001. Among the 10 patients with schizoaffective illness, mean (SD) of the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) scores improved from 91.4 (15.3) to 49.3 (6.9), P < 0.001. Significant improvements were also observed in metabolic health measures including weight, blood pressure, blood glucose, and triglycerides. Conclusions: The administration of a ketogenic diet in this semi-controlled setting to patients with treatment-refractory mental illness was feasible, well-tolerated, and associated with significant and substantial improvements in depression and psychosis symptoms and multiple markers of metabolic health. ER  - 
Neurological and psychiatric presentations associated with human monkeypox virus infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objectives Neuropsychiatric presentations of monkeypox (MPX) infection have not been well characterised, Despite evidence of nervous system involvement associated with two related Orthopoxviruses, in the case of smallpox infection (with the variola virus) and smallpox vaccination (which contains live vaccinia virus). In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we aim to determine the prevalence and describe the spectrum of neurological and psychiatric presentations of MPX. Design Systematic review and meta-analysis Data sources MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, AMED and pre-print server (MedRxiv) searched up to 31/05/2022 Eligibility criteria for study selection and analysis Any study design of humans infected with MPX that reported neurological or psychiatric presentation. Studies which included more than ten individuals, and symptoms that were reported in a minimum of two separate studies were eligible for meta-analysis Data synthesis Results were pooled with random-effects meta-analysis to calculate generalised linear mixed models and corresponding 95% confidence intervals for each prevalence outcome. Heterogeneity was measured with the I2 statistic. All included studies are summarised through a narrative synthesis. Risk of bias was assessed with the Newcastle Ottawa Scale and the Joanna Briggs Institute quality assessment tool. Results From 1,702 unique studies, we extracted data on 19 eligible studies (1,512 participants, 1,031 with confirmed infection using CDC criteria or PCR testing) most of which were cohort studies and case series with no controlled populations. Study quality was generally moderate. Six clinical features were eligible for meta-analysis, of which the most prevalent were myalgia in 55.5% [95%CI 12.1-91.9%], headache 53.8% [30.6-75.4%], fatigue 36.2% [2.0-94.0%], seizure 2.7% [0.6-10.2%], confusion 2.4% [1.1-5.2%] and encephalitis 2.0% [0.5-8.2%]. Heterogeneity significantly varied across clinical features (I2=0%-98.7%). Other reported presentations not eligible for meta-analysis included sensory-perceptual disturbance (altered vision, dizziness, and photophobia) and psychiatric symptoms (anxiety and depression). Conclusions There is preliminary evidence for a range of neurological and psychiatric presentations of MPX, ranging from commonly reported and nonspecific neurological symptoms (myalgia and headache) to rarer but more severe neurological complications, such as encephalitis and seizures. There is less evidence regarding the psychiatric sequelae of MPX, and although there are multiple reports of anxiety and depression the prevalence of these symptoms is unknown. MPX-related nervous system presentations may warrant surveillance within the current MPX outbreak, with prospective longitudinal studies evaluating the mid to long-term sequelae of the virus. Robust methods to evaluate the potential causality of MPX with these clinical features are required at an individual and epidemiological level. ER  - 
Event-related oscillations differentiate between cognitive, motor and visual impairments$$$ Background: Parkinson’s disease (PD) and dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) share pathological and clinical similarities while differing in the timing and severity of motor cognitive and visual impairment. Previous EEG studies found abnormal neural oscillations in PD, mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and Alzheimer’s disease, however, the electrophysiological signature of clinical symptoms is still unclear. We assessed the specificity of event-related oscillations in distinguishing between cognitive, motor and visual involvement in patients with neurodegenerative conditions. Methods: EEG was recorded during a visual oddball task in 30 PD, 28 DLB, 30 MCI patients and 32 age-matched healthy controls. Target and non-target event-related power were examined in the time–frequency domain using complex Morlet wavelet convolution and compared within and between the study groups. Results: MCI (z = − 1.8, p = 0.04, Cohen’s d = − 0.5) and DLB (z = − 3.1, p < 0.001, d = − 1.0) patients showed decreased delta-band target event-related synchronization compared to participants with normal cognition. PD (z = 1.6, p = 0.05, d = 0.5) and DLB (z = 2.7, p < 0.01, d = 0.9) patients showed decreased beta suppression compared to MCI patients and controls. DLB patients with visual hallucinations (VH) showed decreased early-alpha suppression (z = 2.08, p = 0.019, d = 3.19, AUC = 1.0 ± 0.0) compared to DLB-VH−. Conclusions: Decreased event-related delta-band synchronization, reflecting a decline in information processing ability, was characteristic of cognitive impairment due to any cause. Decreased event-related beta suppression, reflecting impaired execution of motor action, was specific to PD and DLB. Decreased event-related early-alpha suppression was characteristic of the presence of VH in DLB. These findings show that specific oscillations may reflect specific clinical symptoms, being a marker of network dysfunction. ER  - 
Determinants of long-term opioid prescribing in an urban population: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Opioid prescribing has more than doubled in the UK between 1998 and 2016. Potential adverse health implications include dependency, falls and increased health expenditure. Aim: To describe the predictors of long-term opioid prescribing (LTOP) (≥3 opioid prescriptions in a 90-day period). Design and setting: A retrospective cross-sectional study in 41 general practices in South London. Method: Multi-level multivariable logistic regression to investigate the determinants of LTOP. Results: Out of 320 639 registered patients ≥18 years, 2679 (0.8%) were identified as having LTOP. Patients were most likely to have LTOP if they had ≥5 long-term conditions (LTCs) (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 36.5, 95% confidence interval [CI] 30.4-43.8) or 2-4 LTCs (AOR 13.8, CI 11.9-16.1) in comparison to no LTCs, were ≥75 years compared to 18-24 years (AOR 12.31, CI 7.1-21.5), were smokers compared to nonsmokers (AOR 2.2, CI 2.0-2.5), were female rather than male (AOR 1.9, CI 1.7-2.0) and in the most deprived deprivation quintile (AOR 1.6, CI 1.4-1.8) compared to the least deprived. In a separate model examining individual LTCs, the strongest associations for LTOP were noted for sickle cell disease (SCD) (AOR 18.4, CI 12.8-26.4), osteoarthritis (AOR 3.0, CI 2.8-3.3), rheumatoid arthritis (AOR 2.8, CI 2.2-3.4), depression (AOR 2.6, CI 2.3-2.8) and multiple sclerosis (OR 2.5, CI 1.4-4.4). Conclusion: LTOP was significantly higher in those aged ≥75 years, with multimorbidity or specific LTCs: SCD, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, depression and multiple sclerosis. These characteristics may enable the design of targeted interventions to reduce LTOP. ER  - 
Seizures and emergency department: characteristics and factors of repeat adult attendees$$$ Background: To identify risk factors and characteristics for the repeated attendance at an emergency department (ED) following a seizure. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using non-identifiable data of individuals attending ED at least twice between 2015 and 2018, following a seizure. Data were drawn from the patient administration system of an English rural medium-sized teaching district general hospital emergency department (ED), serving a population of 566,000 people. It was analysed for bio-psycho-social features associated with repeat attendances. Results: Of 3522 seizure-related attendances in the four years, 450 people were identified to be repeaters attending on two or more occasions (range 2–12). Just over a quarter (27%) were 18–29 years old. Higher likelihood of re-attendance was associated with social deprivation and no fixed abode. Mental illness was a significant co-morbidity influencing repeat attendances. Nearly half (47%) had no recorded anti-seizure medication (ASM). Three fifth (60%) were on general medication and a quarter (25%) on psychotropics. Nearly a quarter (22%) had alcohol and recreational drug concerns. Just over a quarter (28%) had no previous epilepsy diagnosis. Nearly a fifth (n = 85, 19%) died during the study period. Conclusion: People who present repeatedly with seizures at ED are at significant risk of death over a four-year period and require pro-active clinical follow-up. People who are homeless or from socially deprived areas are over-represented in this group, as are those with alcohol problems, co-morbid mental health conditions and compliance issues. This suggests enhanced targeted intervention for this cohort is needed. ER  - 
Managing behavioural and developmental paediatric conditions in rural outpatient clinics: An insight to the challenge ahead$$$ Aim: The aim of this study is to characterise the nature and caseload of general paediatric outpatient clinics in rural Queensland and to compare the findings with national data. Methods: A retrospective clinical audit of medical records in paediatric clinics at two rural hospitals was undertaken over a 6-month period. Data extracted included demographics, diagnostic category and onward referral outcomes. The same diagnostic categories were used as the national Children Attending Paediatricians Study (CAPS) to facilitate comparison. Results: A total of 346 records were reviewed, 56 (16.2%) documented Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander descent. Compared to national data, significantly more children with behavioural/developmental diagnoses were seen in the rural clinics (CAPS 33.8%; rural 59.2%; P < 0.001). In contrast, children presenting with medical conditions (CAPS 48.2%; rural 28.6%; P < 0.001) and mixed medical/developmental conditions (CAPS 17.9%; rural 12.1%; P = 0.006) were seen less frequently in the rural clinics. Referral rates from the rural sites were lower than the rates reported by CAPS for children with behavioural/developmental diagnoses (CAPS 35.9%, rural 24.9%; P = 0.002) and mixed diagnoses (CAPS 40.6%, rural 19.0%; P = 0.005), while there was no difference in referral rates for children with medical diagnoses (CAPS 16.1%, rural 18.2%; P = 0.575). Conclusions: Rural paediatricians' caseloads are dominated by developmental/behavioural conditions, however children with these conditions are less likely to be referred to allied health and psychology services. The reasons for lower referral rates and specific pressures upon rural health services need to be investigated in future studies to provide better health services for rural children. ER  - 
Characteristics of Working-Age Adults With Schizophrenia Newly Admitted to Nursing Homes$$$ Objectives: Persons aged <65 years account for a considerable proportion of US nursing home residents with schizophrenia. Because they are often excluded from psychiatric and long-term care studies, a contemporary understanding of the characteristics and management of working-age adults (22-64 years old) with schizophrenia living in nursing homes is lacking. This study describes characteristics of working-age adults with schizophrenia admitted to US nursing homes in 2015 and examines variations in these characteristics by age and admission location. Factors associated with length of stay and discharge destination were also explored. Design: This is a cross-sectional study using the Minimum Data Set 3.0 merged to Nursing Home Compare. Setting and Participants: This study examines working-age (22-64 years) adults with schizophrenia at admission to a nursing home. Methods: Descriptive statistics of resident characteristics (sociodemographic, clinical comorbidities, functional status, and treatments) and facility characteristics (ownership, geography, size, and star ratings) were examined overall, stratified by age and by admission location. Generalized estimating equation models were used to explore the associations of age, discharge to the community, and length of stay with relevant resident and facility characteristics. Coefficient estimates, adjusted odds ratios, and 95% CIs are presented. Results: Overall, many of the 28,330 working-age adults with schizophrenia had hypertension, diabetes, and obesity. Those in older age subcategories tended to have physical functional dependencies, cognitive impairments, and clinical comorbidities. Those in younger age subcategories tended to exhibit higher risk of psychiatric symptoms. Conclusions and Implications: Nursing home admission is likely inappropriate for many nursing home residents with schizophrenia aged <65 years, especially those in younger age categories. Future psychiatric and long-term care research should include these residents to better understand the role of nursing homes in their care and should explore facility-level characteristics that may impact quality of care. ER  - 
Comorbidities of systemic lupus erythematosus prior to and following diagnosis in different age-at-onset groups$$$ Objectives: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a female-dominated autoimmune disease that can occur at any age and has a diverse course. The clinical manifestation of this disease can vary depending on the patient’s age at onset. The aim of this study was to characterise the comorbidities at the time of SLE diagnosis and after in different age groups. Methods: A total 1042 incident cases of SLE with a Catastrophic Illness Card in 2005 and 10,420 age- and sex-matched controls from the general population registered in the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan were enrolled in the study. The risk of comorbidities before (adjusted odds ratio, [aOR]) and after (adjusted hazard ratio, [aHR]) of SLE was analysed. The burden of these SLE-associated comorbidities was weight by the Charlson comorbidity index (CCI). We used the cumulative incidence to evaluate the impact of comorbidities on different age onset groups. Results: In this study, musculoskeletal diseases had the highest positive association (aOR, 5.29; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 4.25–6.57) prior to the diagnosis of SLE and they were also the most common developing incident comorbidity after the diagnosis (HR, 13.7; 95% CI: 11.91–15.77). It only took less than 1 year for 50% of the late-onset SLE patients to develop any increase in CCI score. The developing comorbidities attributed to 16.3% all-cause mortality and they had the greatest impact on late-onset SLE patients, with 33.3% cumulative incidence to all-cause mortality. There is no difference in the incidence of infectious diseases across different age groups. The herpes zoster infection had the greatest cumulative incidence among the category of infection diseases in child-onset SLE patients. Conclusion: SLE patients had increased risks of multiple pre-existing comorbidities at diagnosis. The developed comorbidity after diagnosis could contribute to all-cause mortality. The herpes zoster infection is primarily an issue in child-onset SLE patients. ER  - 
Factors predicting neuronal surface antibodies in the elderly with new-onset and unknown seizures$$$ Objective: To investigate risk factors of neuronal surface antibodies (NSAbs) and develop a nomogram that could identify patients at the odds of NSAbs among the elderly (aged 60 years or older) with new-onset seizures of unknown etiology. Methods: Clinical data for aged ≥60 years diagnosed with new-onset seizures of unknown etiology were retrospectively reviewed. A nomogram based on multivariable logistic regression was constructed. Model performance of nomogram was evaluated using area under the curve (AUC), calibration curve, decision curve analysis (DCA), and clinical impact curve (CIC). Meanwhile, it was internally validated by bootstrap validation in current cohort. Results: Of 147 patients included in final analysis, 68 (46.3%) had NSAbs-mediated encephalitis. Six factors were identified: duration of seizures less than 3 months (OR:14.259; 95% CI: 4.480–45.386), focal-onset seizures (OR:12.457; 95% CI: 2.710–57.261), psychiatric deficits (OR:10.063; 95% CI: 3.231–31.343), sleep disorders (OR:3.091; 95% CI: 1.011–9.454), hyponatremia (OR:6.252; 95% CI: 1.445–27.043), and medial temporal lobe (MTL) lesions on MRI (OR:4.102; 95% CI: 1.382–12.169). The nomogram had a good discrimination with an AUC of 0.916 and with a corrected AUC of 0.881 after the bootstrapping validation, our model also exhibited a better predictive performance than scoring systems commonly used clinically. Additionally, the calibration curve showed that predicted NSAbs-positive rates of nomogram were closely aligned with actual observed results. Moreover, the nomogram achieved well on clinical utility by using the DCA and CIC. Interpretation: Our nomogram may provide a convenient and useful tool for identifying the elderly with new-onset seizures of unknown etiology who are at risk of NSAbs-mediated encephalitis, which would allow these patients receive earlier immunotherapy. ER  - 
Physical and occupational therapy utilization and associated factors among adults with cerebral palsy: Longitudinal modelling to capture distinct utilization groups$$$ Background: Adults with cerebral palsy (CP) experience functional declines. Clinical rehabilitation may preserve function for this population. Objective: To identify longitudinal physical/occupational therapy use and associated factors among adults with CP, to inform health promotion strategies. Methods: A retrospective cohort study including adults ≥ 18 years of age with CP was performed using a random 20% Medicare fee-for-service dataset. Participants with continuous medicare enrolment from 01/01/2016-12/31/2018 were included: 2016 was the one-year baseline period; 2017–2018 was the two-year follow-up. Therapy included an indication of physical, occupational, or other forms of therapy. Two-year therapy use patterns were identified using group-based trajectory modeling. Multivariable multinomial logistic regression models identified associations between baseline characteristics with trajectory groups. Results: Of 17,441, 7231 (41.5%) adults with CP had therapy use across the three-year period, and six longitudinal therapy trajectories were identified: the majority (42.5%) were low-consistent users, 13.4% moderate-consistent users, 4.4% high-consistent users, and the remaining variable users. Associations between baseline characteristics (e.g., age, sex, comorbidities) with trajectory groups varied. For example, using the low-consistent users as the reference, Black versus White were 49% less likely, Northeast versus South residency were 7.52-fold more likely, and co-occurring neurologic conditions versus CP only were up to 118% more likely to be high-consistent users (all, P < 0.05). Bone fragility and some chronic comorbidities were associated with moderate consistent users. Conclusions: The majority of adults with CP were not using physical/occupational therapy. Of those that did, there were unique longitudinal trajectories which associated differently with demographics and comorbidities. ER  - 
Homozygosity for a Novel DOCK7 Variant Due to Segmental Uniparental Isodisomy of Chromosome 1 Associated with Early Infantile Epileptic Encephalopathy (EIEE) and Cortical Visual Impairment$$$ Early infantile epileptic encephalopathy (EIEE) is a severe neurologic and neurodevelop-mental disease that manifests in the first year of life. It shows a high degree of genetic heterogeneity, but the genetic origin is only identified in half of the cases. We report the case of a female child initially diagnosed with Leber congenital amaurosis (LCA), an early-onset retinal dystrophy due to photoreceptor cell degeneration in the retina. The first examination at 9 months of age revealed no reaction to light or objects and showed wandering eye movements. Ophthalmological examination did not show any ocular abnormalities. The patient displayed mildly dysmorphic features and a global developmental delay. Brain MRI demonstrated pontine hypo-/dysplasia. The patient developed myoclonic epileptic seizures and epileptic spasms with focal and generalized epileptiform discharges on electroencephalogram (EEG) at the age of 16 months. Genetic screening for a potentially pathogenic DNA sequence variant by whole-exome sequencing (WES) revealed a novel, conserved, homozygous frameshift variant (c.5391delA, p.(Ala1798LeufsTer59)) in exon 42 of the DOCK7 gene (NM_001271999.1). Further analysis by SNP array (Karyomapping) showed loss of heterozygosity (LOH) in four segments of chromosome 1. WES data of the parents and the index patient (trio analy-sis) demonstrated that chromosome 1 was exclusively inherited from the mother. Four LOH segments of chromosome 1 alternately showed isodisomy (UPiD) and heterodisomy (UPhD). In WES data, the father was a noncarrier, and the mother was heterozygous for this DOCK7 variant. The DOCK7 gene is located in 1p31.3, a region situated in one of the four isodisomic segments of chromosome 1, explaining the homozygosity seen in the affected child. Finally, Sanger sequencing confirmed maternal UPiD for the DOCK7 variant. Homozygous or compound heterozygous pathogenic variants in the DOCK7 (dedicator of cytokinesis 7) gene are associated with autosomal recessive, early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 23 (EIEE23; OMIM #615,859), a rare and heterogeneous group of neurodevelopmental disorders diagnosed during early childhood. To our knowledge, this is the first report of segmental uniparental iso-and heterodisomy of chromosome 1, leading to homozygosity of the DOCK7 frameshift variant in the affected patient. ER  - 
Depression in patients with epilepsy: experience in a private hospital in Argentina$$$ Introduction: Depression is the most frequent psychiatric disorder in patients with epilepsy, with an estimated prevalence between 35% and 60%, associated with poorer control of epileptic seizures. Despite the high prevalence of depression, many patients are not diagnosed, presenting a worse clinical course and quality of life. There are no prevalence studies in our population. The main objective was to determinate the prevalence of depression in epilepsy and its relationship with seizure control. Materials and methods: It is a prospective, descriptive and cross-sectional study of a cohort of patients who underwent the Depression Inventory in Patients with Neurological Disorders for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) and the data from the medical records were analyzed. Results: A total of 121 patients were inluded, and the prevalence of depression was 43% (n:52), of whom 77% were women (p = 0.01). A 63% of patients with depression was diagnosed in this study. Most of them with good seizure control (70%) did not present depression, while the majority of those with poor (57%) and regular (63%) seizure control presented depression (p < 0.001). Discussion: Comorbidity between depression and epilepsy is highly prevalent, negatively influencing the control of epileptic seizures. Most patients are underdiagnosed. Screening for major depression in patients with epilepsy is necessary, contributing to the clinical improvement. ER  - 
The burden of T. solium cysticercosis and selected neuropsychiatric disorders in Mocuba district, Zambézia province, Mozambique$$$ Background Taenia solium (neuro-)cysticercosis, a neglected tropical disease, can be associated with epileptic seizures and other neuropsychiatric (= neurological and psychiatric) disorders. This study aimed to evaluate the association of T. solium cysticercosis with selected neuropsychiatric disorders and/or symptoms (chronic headache, epileptic seizures/epilepsy and psychosis) in Mocuba district, Mozambique. Methodology Between March and May 2018, a cross-sectional study was conducted among 1,086 participants aged 2 years or above in Mocuba district, Zambe´zia province, central Mozambique, to assess the seroprevalence of human cysticercosis and risk factors for infection, as well as to explore its relation to selected neuropsychiatric disorders. Socio-demographic and clinical data were collected from each participant using a modified questionnaire designed by the Cysticercosis Working Group for Eastern and Southern Africa. Additionally, neuropsychiatric disorders, such as chronic headache, epileptic seizures/epilepsy and psychosis were assessed using four vignettes. T. solium antigen and cysticercosis IgG in serum were detected using both T. solium antigen B158/B60 enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and LDBIO Cysticercosis Western Blot, respectively. Principal findings Overall, 112/1,086 participants (10.3%) were sero-positive for T. solium antigen or antibodies. Prevalence of antibodies (6.6%; n = 72) was higher than of antigens (4.9%; n = 54). In the questionnaires, 530 (49.5%) of participants reported chronic headache, 293 (27%) had generalized epileptic seizures, 188 (18%) focal seizures and 183 (18.3%) psychosis. We found a statistically significant association between seropositivity for T. solium and chronic headache (p = 0.013). Additionally, increasing age (p = 0.03) was associated with Ag-ELISA seropositivity. Conclusions Our study revealed that in Mocuba, T. solium cysticercosis is prevalent and associated with self-reported chronic headache. Additionally, in the study setting, the seroprevalence of cysticercosis increased with age. However, it is not associated with other neuropsychiatric disorders such epileptic seizures/epilepsy and psychosis. Future studies are needed to confirm the high burden of neuropsychiatric disorders and their possible etiology, including neurocysticercosis, using additional serological, molecular biological and radiological diagnostic tools, as well as in-depth clinical examinations. ER  - 
The Chronic Conditions Course: A Randomised Controlled Trial of an Internet-Delivered Transdiagnostic Psychological Intervention for People with Chronic Health Conditions$$$ Introduction: Psychological adjustment to chronic health conditions is important, as poor adjustment predicts a range of adverse medical and psychosocial outcomes. Psychological treatments demonstrate efficacy for people with chronic health conditions, but existing research takes a disorder-specific approach and they are predominately delivered in face-to-face contexts. The internet and remotely delivered treatments have the potential to overcome barriers to accessing traditional face-to-face treatment. Objective: The current study examined the efficacy and acceptability of an internet-delivered transdiagnostic psychological intervention to promote adjustment to illness, based on cognitive behaviour therapy principles. Methods: In a two-arm randomised controlled trial, participants (n = 676) were randomly allocated to the 8-week intervention or a waitlist control. Treatment included five core lessons, homework tasks, additional resources, and weekly contact with a psychologist. Primary outcomes included depression, anxiety, and disability, assessed at pre-treatment, post-treatment, 3-month follow-up, and 12-month follow-up. Results: The treatment group reported significantly greater improvements in depression (between-groups d = 0.47), anxiety (d = 0.32), and disability (d = 0.17) at post-treatment (all ps <0.001). Improvements were sustained over the 3-month and 12-month follow-ups. High treatment completion rates (69%) and levels of satisfaction (86%) were reported by participants in treatment. The intervention required a mean clinician time of 56.70 min per participant. Conclusions: The findings provide preliminary and tentative support for the potential of internet-delivered transdiagnostic interventions to promote adjustment to chronic health conditions. Further research using robust control groups, and exploring the generalisability of findings, is needed before firm conclusions can be drawn. ER  - 
Response to lithium and anticonvulsants among patients with bipolar disorder with and without comorbid epilepsy – A nation-wide population-based longitudinal study$$$ Objective: In a nation-wide population-based longitudinal register linkage study for the first time 1) to investigate long-term response to lithium in patients with bipolar disorder with and without comorbid epilepsy, and 2) within patients with bipolar disorder and comorbid epilepsy to compare differences in responses between lithium, valproate and lamotrigine. Methods: We used Danish nation-wide population-based longitudinal register linkage to identify 154 patients with bipolar disorder and comorbid epilepsy and 8381 patients with bipolar disorder without comorbid epilepsy during a study period from 1995 to 2017. Response was defined as continuous monotherapy with lithium, valproate or lamotrigine without switch to or add-on of an antipsychotic drug or an antidepressant or hospitalization during an up to ten-year follow-up period. We calculated standardized absolute risks and differences thereof with respect to age, gender, socioeconomic status and comorbidity with other physical disorders than epilepsy. Results: Response to lithium was decreased in patients with bipolar disorder with versus without comorbid epilepsy during the ten-year follow-up period and the difference remained after standardization for comorbidity with other physical disorders than epilepsy. Within patients with bipolar disorder and comorbid epilepsy, response to lithium was decreased compared with responses to valproate and lamotrigine. Conclusions: The findings suggest that valproate and lamotrigine should be given priority in patients with comorbid bipolar disorder and epilepsy. The study highlights the need for closely clinical monitoring and psychological support for patients with bipolar disorder and comorbid epilepsy and emphasize the need for further long-term studies of effect of interventions. ER  - 
Six-month sequelae of post-vaccination SARS-CoV-2 infection: A retrospective cohort study of 10,024 breakthrough infections$$$ Vaccination has proven effective against infection with SARS-CoV-2, as well as death and hospitalisation following COVID-19 illness. However, little is known about the effect of vaccination on other acute and post-acute outcomes of COVID-19. Data were obtained from the TriNetX electronic health records network (over 81 million patients mostly in the USA). Using a retrospective cohort study and time-to-event analysis, we compared the incidences of COVID-19 outcomes between individuals who received a COVID-19 vaccine (approved for use in the USA) at least 2 weeks before SARS-CoV-2 infection and propensity score-matched individuals unvaccinated for COVID-19 but who had received an influenza vaccine. Outcomes were ICD-10 codes representing documented COVID-19 sequelae in the 6 months after a confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection (recorded between January 1 and August 31, 2021, i.e. before the emergence of the Omicron variant). Associations with the number of vaccine doses (1 vs. 2) and age (<60 vs. ≥ 60 years-old) were assessed. Among 10,024 vaccinated individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection, 9479 were matched to unvaccinated controls. Receiving at least one COVID-19 vaccine dose was associated with a significantly lower risk of respiratory failure, ICU admission, intubation/ventilation, hypoxaemia, oxygen requirement, hypercoagulopathy/venous thromboembolism, seizures, psychotic disorder, and hair loss (each as composite endpoints with death to account for competing risks; HR 0.70–0.83, Bonferroni-corrected p < 0.05), but not other outcomes, including long-COVID features, renal disease, mood, anxiety, and sleep disorders. Receiving 2 vaccine doses was associated with lower risks for most outcomes. Associations between prior vaccination and outcomes of SARS-CoV-2 infection were marked in those <60 years-old, whereas no robust associations were observed in those ≥60 years-old. In summary, COVID-19 vaccination is associated with lower risk of several, but not all, COVID-19 sequelae in those with breakthrough SARS-CoV-2 infection. The findings may inform service planning, contribute to forecasting public health impacts of vaccination programmes, and highlight the need to identify additional interventions for COVID-19 sequelae. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (M-ECT) in treatment-resistant schizophrenia: A case series$$$ Background: Treatment-resistant schizophrenia (TRS) is a substantial burden to patients, caregivers, and the treating team. There is a lack of robust evidence to support the efficacy of various pharmacological and non-pharmacological measures to augment clozapine in this population. When used in conjunction with clozapine or other combination antipsychotic regimens, maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (M-ECT) can be a potential therapeutic option in preventing symptom exacerbation in TRS. However, there is limited evidence supporting the role of M-ECT in TRS. Aim: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in patients with TRS. Methodology: Sociodemographic details, illness characteristics, details of M-ECT procedure, adverse events, and course of the illness were evaluated using a retrospective chart review at a tertiary care psychiatry centre in south India. Scores on Clinical Global Impression-Severity (CGI-S), Social and Occupational Functioning Assessment Scale (SOFAS), and Hindi Mental Status Examination were compared before and after the course of M-ECT. Results: Seven male and three female patients received M-ECT in the last eight years (range of 22–172 sessions). There was a reduction in hospitalizations for acute exacerbation and significant improvement in the patient's overall functioning without significant adverse effects. Conclusion: Maintenance ECT can be a safe and effective treatment option for achieving symptom control in the long-term management of refractory schizophrenia. Controlled trials are needed in this area for further evidence. ER  - 
Clinical features and outcomes of leucine-rich glioma-inactivated protein 1 and contactin protein-like 2 antibody-associated autoimmune encephalitis in a Chinese cohort$$$ The present study aimed to investigate the clinical manifestations, epidemiological characteristics, and outcomes of Chinese patients with voltage-gated potassium channel complex (VGKC) antibody–associated encephalitis. Patients diagnosed with VGKC antibody-associated encephalitis at our institution between January 2016 and December 2020 were included in this study. We retrospectively evaluated their clinical features, auxiliary examination results, treatments details, long-term outcomes, and risk factors for poor outcome. Of the 91 included patients, 61 (67.78%) were men and 30 (32.97%) were women. The most common clinical symptoms were seizures (n = 63, 69.23%), memory deficits (n = 62, 68.13%), mental behavioral disorders (n = 29, 31.87%), and hyponatremia (n = 57, 62.64%). Although patients with anti- leucine-rich glioma-inactivated 1 (LGI1) (n = 76) and anti- contactin-associated protein-like 2 (CASPR2) encephalitis (n = 15) had similar clinical manifestations, the former were more diverse. In total, 86 (94.51%) patients were treated with immunotherapy. Over a median follow-up period of 25 months, there were no mortalities and 14 (15.38%) patients experienced a relapse. Univariate analysis indicated differences in sex, modified Rankin Scale scores at onset, movement disorders, central hypoventilation, and intensive care unit occupancy between the good- and poor- outcome groups. Patients with anti-LGI1 and anti-CASPR2 encephalitis showed similar clinical manifestations while presenting delineating characteristics. Those with VGKC antibody-associated diseases generally responded well to immunotherapy and demonstrated favorable clinical outcomes. Several factors affected the prognosis, and a long-term follow-up examination is necessary. ER  - 
Patient activation for self-management among adult patients with multimorbidity in primary healthcare settings$$$ Background and Aims: Multimorbidity is a major public health and healthcare challenge around the world, including in Finland. As multimorbidity necessitates self-management in everyday life, the effects of patient activation – a patient's knowledge, skills, and confidence in managing own health – on the capacity for self-management warrant study, especially in primary healthcare settings. This study aimed to assess patient activation among multimorbid primary healthcare patients, identify factors associated with patient activation, and determine whether patients with low and high activation differ in terms of health and self-management behavior, related perceptions, and health-related quality of life (HRQoL). Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted among multimorbid patients who attended Finnish primary healthcare consultations (November 2019 to May 2020). The main outcome, patient activation, was assessed using the patient activation measure, PAM-13®. Responses from 122 patients were analyzed using descriptive statistics, t-tests, analysis of variance, linear modeling, the χ2 test, and binary regression analysis. Results: The mean score of patient activation was 56.12 (SD 12.82) on a scale 0–100 where ≤55.1 indicate low activation. The lower activation scores were significantly associated with old age, obesity, loneliness, and lower perceived health, functional ability, and vitality. Patients with low activation (47%) had significantly poorer physical activity, diets, adherence to care, and HRQoL, and significantly worse perceptions related to self-management including motivation and energy, sense of normality, and support from physicians, nurses, and close people. Conclusion: Patient activation among multimorbid outpatients was rather low. Findings indicate that patients' perceptions of their health and psychosocial factors may be important for activation and that patients with low and high activation differ with respect to several health variables. Determining patient activation in multimorbid patients may facilitate adaptation of care to better meet patient capabilities and needs in clinical settings. Knowledge of a patient's activation level may also be useful when developing interventions and care strategies for this patient group. ER  - 
The Efficacy and Safety of Deep Brain Stimulation of Combined Anterior Limb of Internal Capsule and Nucleus Accumbens (ALIC/NAcc-DBS) for Treatment-Refractory Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: Protocol of a Multicenter, Randomized, and Double-Blinded Study$$$ Backgrounds: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is an emerging and promising therapeutic approach for treatment-refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). The most common DBS targets include the anterior limb of internal capsule (ALIC) and nucleus accumbens (NAcc). This protocol aims to explore the efficacy and safety of the combined ALIC- and NAcc-DBS for treatment-refractory OCD. Methods: We will recruit 64 patients with refractory OCD from six centers, randomly allocate them to active and sham-stimulation groups through a three-month double-blind phase, then enter a three-month open-label phase. In the open-label stage, both groups experience real stimulation. Outcome measures: The primary outcome will be the efficacy and safety of combined ALIC- and NAcc-DBS, determined by treatment response rate between the active and sham-stimulation groups at the double-blind stage and spontaneously reported adverse events. The secondary outcomes are comparisons of change in Y–BOCS, CGI, HAMD, and HAMA scores at the third and sixth months compared to baseline between the active and sham-control groups, as well as the scores of the third month minus the sixth month between the two groups. ER  - 
Health Problems in Adults with Prader–Willi Syndrome of Different Genetic Subtypes: Cohort Study, Meta-Analysis and Review of the Literature$$$ Prader–Willi syndrome (PWS) is a complex, rare genetic disorder caused by a loss of expression of paternally expressed genes on chromosome 15q11.2-q13. The most common underlying genotypes are paternal deletion (DEL) and maternal uniparental disomy (mUPD). DELs can be subdivided into type 1 (DEL-1) and (smaller) type 2 deletions (DEL-2). Most research has focused on behavioral, cognitive and psychological differences between the different genotypes. However, little is known about physical health problems in relation to genetic subtypes. In this cross-sectional study, we compare physical health problems and other clinical features among adults with PWS caused by DEL (N = 65, 12 DEL-1, 27 DEL-2) and mUPD (N = 65). A meta-analysis, including our own data, showed that BMI was 2.79 kg/m2 higher in adults with a DEL (p = 0.001). There were no significant differences between DEL-1 and DEL-2. Scoliosis was more prevalent among adults with a DEL (80% vs. 58%; p = 0.04). Psychotic episodes were more prevalent among adults with an mUPD (44% vs. 9%; p < 0.001). In conclusion, there were no significant differences in physical health outcomes between the genetic subtypes, apart from scoliosis and BMI. The differences in health problems, therefore, mainly apply to the psychological domain. ER  - 
Efficacy, tolerability and pharmacokinetic variability of brivaracetam in adults with difficult-to-treat epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Brivaracetam (BRV) is one of our latest antiseizure medications (ASMs). It is an analogue of levetiracetam with limited real-life experience. The purpose of this study was to evaluate clinical experience with BRV with focus on efficacy, tolerability and pharmacokinetic variability among adult patients with difficult-to-treat epilepsy. Methods: We retrospectively collected clinical and laboratory data from patients aged > 18 years who initiated treatment with BRV during 2016–2019 and were followed for > one year or cessation of BRV. Results: The study cohort consisted of 120 adults with drug-resistant epilepsy. Serum concentrations of BRV were available in 72 patients. After one-year follow-up, the retention rate of BRV was 52%. Fifty-seven patients (48%) were responders (>50 reduction of seizure frequency), of whom six became seizure free. Adverse effects were reported in 78 patients (65%); 37 (31%) experienced psychiatric problems like increased irritability, anxiety and depressive symptoms. The mean daily BRV dose was 159 mg (SD 80 mg) and the mean serum concentration 5.4 μmol/L (SD 4.1 μmol/L). In 24 patients, BRV replaced levetiracetam. Pharmacokinetic variability between patients was considerable; 14-fold variation in concentration/dose (C/D)-ratios. Concomitant use of enzyme-inducing ASMs decreased the C/D-ratio by 48%. There were no significant differences in serum concentrations between responders vs. non-responders, or those who experienced adverse effects or not. Conclusion: After > 1 year of treatment with BRV, we found a responder rate of 48% in adult patients with difficult-to-treat epilepsy. The drug was largely well tolerated, but one third experienced psychiatric adverse effects. The combination of clinical and pharmacokinetic data provides insight into factors contributing to efficacy and tolerability of new ASMs. ER  - 
Impact of number of anti-seizure medications on long-term health-related quality of life in children with epilepsy: A prospective cohort study$$$ Purpose: Health-related quality of life (HRQL) is compromised in children with epilepsy. We aimed to determine whether children diagnosed with epilepsy between ages 4-12 years who are exposed to a higher number of anti-seizure medication (ASM) over the first 2 years, have poorer HRQL 10 years after diagnosis. Methods: Data were obtained from 195 children enrolled in the Health-Related Quality of Life in Children with Epilepsy Study (HERQULES) in Canada. HRQL was measured using the Quality of Life in Childhood Epilepsy Questionnaire (QOLCE-55) completed by parents at baseline through to 10 years after diagnosis. The total number of ASM were reported by physicians four times in the first two years after diagnosis. Multivariable block-wise linear regression was used to assess the impact of ASM (categorized as none, one, or more than one), as well as clinical and family factors on children's HRQL 10 years after diagnosis. Results: Children had a mean age of 7.9 ± 2.3 years at diagnosis and 92 (47%) were female. Mean QOLCE at baseline and 10 years was 72.04±14 and 78.7±16,respectively. Clinically meaningful improvement in HRQL from the 2 to 10-year follow-up was detected in 35% of children, reported similarly across all ASM treatment categories (p =.38). The number of ASM prescribed in the first two years was associated with HRQL at the 10-year follow-up, however this association was not significant when adjusting for clinical characteristics, family factors, and HRQL at the two-year follow-up (p =.75). Our data showed that HRQL at 2 years was the only variable associated with better HRQL scores at 10 years (p = <.001). Conclusion: In children with new onset epilepsy, exposure to a higher number of ASM, when accounting for clinical and family factors as well as HRQL at 2 years, is not independently associated with lower long-term HRQL. Early HRQL was found to be a good indicator of long-term HRQL, despite the number of ASMs prescribed. ER  - 
What factors influence differential uptake of NHS Health Checks, diabetes and hypertension reviews among women in ethnically diverse South London? Cross-sectional analysis of 63,000 primary care records$$$ Background: Uptake of health checks among women has not been examined in relation to patient and General Practitioner (GP) practice level factors. We investigated patient and practice level factors associated with differential uptake of health checks. Methods: Primary care records from 44 practices in Lambeth for women aged 40-74 years old (N = 62,967) from 2000-2018 were analysed using multi-level logistic regression models. An odds ratio (OR) >1 indicates increased occurrence of no health check. Findings: The mean age (IQR) of the included female sample (aged 40-74 years) was 52.9 years (45.0-59.0). Adjusted for patient-level factors (age, ethnicity, English as first language, overweight/obesity, smoking, attendance to GP practices, and co-morbidity), the odds of non-uptake of health checks were higher for Other White (OR 1.24, 95% confidence interval 1.17-1.33), and Other ethnicity (1.20, 1.07-1.35) vs. White British. It was also higher for 50-69 year olds (1.55, 1.47-1.62), 70-74 year olds (1.60, 1.49-1.72) vs. 40-49 year olds. These ORs did not change on adjustments for practice level factors (proportion of patients living in deprived areas, proportion of patients with ≥1 chronic condition, ≥3 emergency diabetes admissions annually, GP density/1000 patients, quality outcome framework score of ≥ 95%, and patient satisfaction scores of ≥80%). Non-uptake was lower for Black Caribbeans, Bangladeshis, overweight/obese patients, frequent practice attenders and comorbid patients. Interpretation: Differential uptake in health checks remained after adjustment for patient and practice level factors. Better measures of social determinants of health and of practice context are needed. Funding: NIHR Research for Patient Benefit Programme (NIHR202769). ER  - 
Impact of deep vein thrombosis on adolescent athletes: Navigating an invisible disability$$$ Background: Injury in adolescent athletes that threatens their sport participation can result in a sense of identity loss during critical years for identity development, creating the potential for significant mental health challenges. The specific effect of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) in this vulnerable population has not been characterized. Purpose: To describe the impact of DVT diagnosis, treatment, and long-term complications on the mental well-being of athletes who sustained a DVT during adolescence and to identify strategies to improve the quality of care for these patients. Methods: Using a qualitative study design, athletes with a history of DVT during adolescence and their parents were recruited to participate in semistructured interviews. Interviews were transcribed and analyzed using thematic analysis. Participants were recruited until reaching thematic saturation. Results: In total, 19 participants (12 athletes, 7 parents) were recruited. Athletes were mainly males (67%), median age at time of DVT was 15 years (range, 12–18 years), and median age at study participation was 19 years (range, 16–34 years). Thematic analysis revealed four main themes: Theme 1: DVT posed a threat to sport participation; Theme 2: at a personal level, there were significant mental health challenges; Theme 3: at a societal level, DVT is an invisible disability; and Theme 4: physical, psychological, and transition support are important to improve the care of these patients. Conclusion: Deep vein thrombosis threatens an athlete's participation in sport, resulting in a significant and complex impact on their mental well-being. Heightened awareness and a multidisciplinary approach are needed to help young athletes navigate the consequences of DVT. ER  - 
Drug-induced hyperthermia with rhabdomyolysis in CLN3 disease$$$ CLN3 disease (MIM# 204200), the most prevalent of the neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses (NCL), is an autosomal recessive disorder with juvenile onset characterized by blindness, epilepsy, dementia, psychiatric manifestations, and motor deterioration. Problems related to behavior, emotions and thought are among the main features. Antidepressant and antipsychotic drugs have been employed with variable results. Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) has previously been described in two patients with NCL, one with CLN3 disease and one with adult onset NCL of unclear genetic origin. Our aims were to describe the occurrence of drug-induced hyperthermia in pediatric patients with CLN3 disease from West and South Sweden and to delineate the range of associated clinical features. Our study identified four patients presenting with seven episodes of severe drug-induced hyperthermia and either NMS-like or Serotonin syndrome (SS)-like features. Possibly provoking drugs were risperidone, clozapine, olanzapine, haloperidol, quetiapine, and sertraline. The course was atypical, frequently prolonged, associated with rhabdomyolysis and status dystonicus, and resulted in the death of three of the patients. Our study points to a vulnerability to drug-induced hyperthermia in patients with CLN3 disease which we believe could be underreported. Interestingly the proposed pathophysiological mechanisms behind NMS and SS on one hand and CLN3 on the other hand seem to converge in a common mechanism involving dysregulation of the sympathetic nervous system. ER  - 
Control of Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease$$$ Rationale: Cardiovascular disease accounts for one-third of deaths in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Better control of cardiovascular risk factors in primary care could improve outcomes. Objectives: To define the prevalence, monitoring, treatment, and control of risk factors in patients with COPD. Methods: Repeated cross-sectional analysis of primary care electronic medical records for all patients with COPD in the Canadian Primary Care Sentinel Surveillance Network from 2013 to 2018 (n = 32,695 in 2018). A control group was matched 1:1 for age, sex, and rural residence (n = 32,638 in 2018). Five risk factors were defined using validated definitions including laboratory results: hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes, obesity, and smoking. Results: All risk factors were more common in patients with COPD compared with matched control subjects, including hypertension (52.3% vs. 44.9%), dyslipidemia (62.0% vs. 57.8%), diabetes (25.0% vs. 20.2%), obesity (40.8% vs. 36.8%), and smoking (40.9% vs. 11.4%), respectively. The mean Framingham risk score was 20.6% versus 18.6%, with 53.8% of patients with COPD being high risk (≥20%). Monitoring of risk factors within the last year in patients with COPD in 2018 was suboptimal: 71.8% hypertension, 39.4% dyslipidemia, 74.5% diabetes, 52.3% obesity. Smoking status was infrequently recorded in the electronic record. In those monitored, guideline recommended targets were achieved in 60.8%, 46.6%, 57.4%, 10.6% and 12.0% for each risk factor. Cardiovascular therapies including angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (69%), statins (69%), and smoking cessation therapies (27%) were underused. Conclusions: In patients with COPD, major cardiovascular risk factors are common, yet inadequately monitored, undertreated, and poorly controlled. Strategies are needed to improve comprehensive risk factor management proven to reduce cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. ER  - 
Prevalence and treatment of neuropathic pain diagnoses among U.S. nursing home residents$$$ Neuropathic pain is a common condition experienced by older adults. Prevalence estimates of neuropathic pain and descriptive data of pharmacologic management among nursing home residents are unavailable. We estimated the prevalence of neuropathic pain diagnoses and described the use of pain medications among nursing home residents with possible neuropathic pain. Using the Minimum Data Set 3.0 linked to Medicare claims for residents living in a nursing home on November 30, 2016, we included 473,815 residents. ICD-10 codes were used to identify neuropathic pain diagnoses. Identification of prescription analgesics/adjuvants was based on claims for the supply of medications that overlapped with the index date over a 3-month look-back period. The prevalence of neuropathic pain was 14.6%. Among those with neuropathic pain, 19.7% had diabetic neuropathy, 27.3% had back and neck pain with neuropathic involvement, and 25.1% had hereditary or idiopathic neuropathy. Among residents with neuropathic pain, 49.9% received anticonvulsants, 28.6% received antidepressants, 19.0% received opioids, and 28.2% had no claims for analgesics or adjuvants. Resident characteristics associated with lack of medications included advanced age, dependency in activities of daily living, cognitive impairment, and diagnoses of comorbid conditions. A diagnosis of neuropathic pain is common among nursing home residents, yet many lack pharmacologic treatment for their pain. Future epidemiologic studies can help develop a more standard approach to identifying and managing neuropathic pain among nursing home residents. ER  - 
Ethnic inequalities in mental and physical multimorbidity in women of reproductive age: a data linkage cohort study$$$ Objectives Explore inequalities in risk factors, mental and physical health morbidity in non-pregnant women of reproductive age in contact with mental health services and how these vary per ethnicity. Design Retrospective cohort study. Setting Data from Lambeth DataNet, anonymised primary care records of this ethnically diverse London borough, linked to anonymised electronic mental health records ( € CRIS secondary care database'). Participants Women aged 15-40 years with an episode of secondary mental health care between January 2008 and December 2018 and no antenatal or postnatal Read codes (n=3817) and a 4:1 age-matched comparison cohort (n=14 532). Main outcome measures Preconception risk factors including low/high body mass index, smoking, alcohol, substance misuse, micronutrient deficiencies and physical diagnoses. Results Women in contact with mental health services (whether with or without severe mental illness (SMI)) had a higher prevalence of all risk factors and physical health diagnoses studied. Women from minority ethnic groups were less likely to be diagnosed with depression in primary care compared with white British women (adjusted OR 0.66 (0.55-0.79) p<0.001), and black women were more likely to have a SMI (adjusted OR 2.79 (2.13-3.64) p<0.001). Black and Asian women were less likely to smoke or misuse substances and more likely to be vitamin D deficient. Black women were significantly more likely to be overweight (adjusted OR 3.47 (3.00-4.01) p<0.001), be diagnosed with hypertension (adjusted OR 3.95 (2.67-5.85) p<0.00) and have two or more physical health conditions (adj OR 1.94 (1.41-2.68) p<0.001) than white British women. Conclusions Our results challenge the perspective that regular monitoring of physical health in primary care should be exclusively encouraged in people with a l diagnosis. The striking differences in multimorbidity for women in contact with mental health services and those of ethnic minority groups emphasise a need of integrative models of care. ER  - 
Depression and anxiety and their associated factors among caregivers of children and adolescents with epilepsy in three selected hospitals in Amhara region, Ethiopia: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background The prevalence rates of depression and anxiety are unforeseen among primary caregivers of patients with epilepsy. Little attention is being given to the problem in Ethiopia. Objectives This study aimed to assess the prevalence and associated factors of depression and anxiety among caregivers of children and adolescents with epilepsy in three selected hospitals in Amhara region, Ethiopia. Methods Institution-based cross-sectional study was conducted in Ethiopia from January 1-30/2021. Systematic sampling technique was used. The Public Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) and Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD-7) questionnaires were used to measure depression and anxiety respectively. Binary logistic regression model was employed independently for both depression and anxiety. Variables with P-values <0.2 were taken to multivariate analyses. Variables with P-value <0.05 in the multivariate analyses were considered to have a statistical association with depression and anxiety. Result A total of 383 participants involved yielding a response rate of 90.5%. The prevalence of depression and anxiety were found to be 13.7% and 10.4% respectively. Being female (Adjusted Odds Ratio (AOR) = 1.21: 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 1.00, 3.82), being unmarried (AOR = 1.31; 95%CI: 0.32, 5.023), having history of chronic medical illness (AOR = 1.46; 95%CI: 1.07, 1.98), current seizure attack (AOR = 4.19; 95%CI: 1.36, 12.97), duration of care 6-11years (AOR = 1.80; 95%CI: 1.11, 7.58), duration of care > 11years (AOR = 6.90; 95%CI: 1.56, 30.49), moderate social support (AOR = 0.37; 95%CI: 0.13, 0.81), strong social support (AOR = 0.61; 95%CI: 0.22, 1.67) and currently use substance (AOR = 2.01;95%CI: 1.63, 6.46) were factors associated with depression. On the other hand, being unmarried (AOR = 1.47; 95%CI: 1.12, 1.93), current seizure attack (AOR = 1.81 with 95% CI = 1.28–2.54), able to read and write (AOR = 0.33; 95%CI: 0.14, 0.77), completed primary and secondary education (AOR = 0.54; 95%CI: 0.39, 0.76), current substance use (AOR = 1.466; 95%CI: 1.12, 1.93), being parent (AOR = 2.55; 95%CI: 1.31, 4.96), rural (AOR = 3.75; 95%CI: 1.40, 10.04) and grand mal type (AOR = 2.21; 95%CI: 1.68, 2.91) were factors associated with anxiety. Conclusions In our study, approximately one in fifteen and more than one in ten caregivers had depression and anxiety respectively. The result of this study suggested that healthcare providers need to pay more attention to the psychological well-being of all caregivers of children and adolescents with epilepsy. ER  - 
PREVALENCE, CLINICAL MANIFESTATIONS, AND ASSOCIATED FACTORS OF LONG COVID-19$$$ Objective: The objective was to describe the prevalence, clinical manifestations, and associated factors of long COVID-19. Methods: A bibliographic search of systematic reviews and meta-analyses on long COVID-19 was carried out in MEDLINE (via PubMed) up to April 7th, 2022. 37 articles were found and 3 were included. Results: The quality of the evidence was evaluated through AMSTAR 2 criteria. The reported prevalence of long COVID- 19 was 43% (95% CI: 39% - 46%). The main clinical manifestations were weakness (41% [95% CI: 25% - 59%]), malaise (33% [95% CI: 15% - 57%]), fatigue (31% [95% CI: 24% - 39% %]), changes in concentration (26% [95% CI: 21% - 32%]) and shortness of breath (25% [95% CI: 18% - 34%]). Conclusion: Factors associated with long COVID-19 include female gender, the severity of initial symptoms, age, and the presence of comorbidities. ER  - 
Effects of Sodium Benzoate, a D-Amino Acid Oxidase Inhibitor, on Perceived Stress and Cognitive Function Among Patients With Late-Life Depression: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Sertraline- and Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Compared with adults with depression in the general population, elderly depressive patients are prone to poor treatment response, more side effects, and early withdrawal with current antidepressants (which principally modulate monoamines). Whether N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor enhancement can benefit treatment of late-life depression deserves study. This study aims to compare sodium benzoate (a D-amino acid oxidase inhibitor and an indirect N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor enhancer), sertraline (a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor), and placebo in the treatment of late-life depression. Methods: In this randomized, double-blind trial, 117 patients with major depressive disorder aged 55 years or older received 8-week treatment of 250-1500 mg/d of sodium benzoate, 25-150 mg/d of sertraline, or placebo in 2 medical centers. The primary outcome measures were Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Perceived Stress Scale scores. Results: Three treatments similarly decreased clinicians-rated Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores. Compared with placebo, sodium benzoate but not sertraline substantially improved Perceived Stress Scale scores and cognitive function. Sertraline, but not benzoate, significantly reduced self-report Geriatric Depression Scale scores. Benzoate and placebo showed similar safety profiles, while sertraline was more likely to raise low-density lipoprotein than benzoate and placebo. Benzoate-treated patients were less likely to drop out than sertraline or placebo recipients. Conclusions: Sertraline can reduce subjective depressive symptoms, while benzoate can decrease perceived stress, improve cognitive function, and enhance treatment adherence in late-life depression patients. The results show promise for D-amino acid oxidase inhibition as a novel approach for perceived stress and cognitive decline among patients with late-life depression. ER  - 
Prevalence of Depression and Generalized Anxiety Disorder in the Epileptic Adults: A Case-Control Study$$$ Aims: The present study aims the determination the frequency of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and depression in epileptic individuals and its association with the duration of the disease and frequency of episodes of seizures. Study type: A case-control study Place and Duration: This study was conducted at Ghulam Mohammad Mahar Medical College Sukkur SMBBMU Larkana from February 2021 to February 2022 Methodology: A total of 110 individuals were considered in the study. All of them were young males with a mean age of 23.2±2.5 years. A total of 55 participants were diagnosed with cases of epilepsy and 55 participants were healthy. The healthy individuals were allocated to the control group. Out of the epileptic 55 participants, 15 had temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) and 40 had extra-temporal lobe epilepsy (ETLE). All the participants had to complete Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Results: The frequency of GAD in the epileptic group was 14 (25.45%) and the frequency of depression was 19 (34.55%) which was higher, compared to the control group. The frequency of depression and GAD was more in the TLE group (p<0.276) compared to the ETLE group despite no statistical significance. There was no remarkable correlation between the duration of the disease with depression inventory score and anxiety inventory score. However, a correlation between the frequency of seizures with the BDI and BAI was found in the TLE group. Conclusion: The frequency of depression and GAD seems to be higher in epileptic individuals. An interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary approach is helpful in the treatment of such patients. ER  - 
Adverse Drug Reactions in Psychiatry Outpatient Department of a Tertiary Care Hospital in Western Uttar Pradesh: An Observational Study$$$ Objective: Psychiatric disorders are chronic in nature which require medications for a long duration. These medications have been associated with many adverse events. Failure to recognize an adverse drug reaction (ADR) exposes the patient to continuing risk of ADR, leading to a significant impact on patient’s quality of life. Thus, the present study carried out to identify the pattern of ADRs reported due to psychotropic medication. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study conducted to analyze ADRs reported from the psychiatry department of a tertiary care teaching hospital from October 2021 to March 2022. Findings: A total of 137 ADRs were identified from 102 patients. Majority of the ADRs were reported from antidepressants, with paroxetine being the leading offending drug. The central nervous system was most commonly affected, and dizziness (13.13%) was the most common ADR noted. On causality assessment, 97 ADRs (70.8%) were of “possible” type. Almost half of the patients with ADRs (47.5%) recovered spontaneously. No ADR encountered turned out to be fatal. Conclusion: The present study revealed that the majority of ADRs reported from psychiatry OPD were mild in nature. We reinforce the identification of ADR is crucial in the hospital setting process as it gives an insight into the risk‑benefit ratio for rational use of the drug. ER  - 
Role of inflammation in childhood epilepsy and ADHD comorbidity$$$ Epilepsy is a heterogeneous disorder that is not limited to experiencing seizures but also includes multiple neuropsychiatric squeal (i.e. attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), depression and anxiety) that adversely impact a child quality of life. However, the underlying mechanism linking both disorders is not yet thoroughly explored. Our objective was to assess pro-inflammatory cytokines levels in children with seizure controlled epilepsy and explore the association between pro-inflammatory cytokines and the co-occurrence of ADHD in such children. A cross-sectional study included 50 children with controlled epilepsy for at least one year, in addition to 30 neurotypical children as controls. All children were assessed by the Conner parent scale for ADHD. Serum interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) levels were measured and correlated to clinical data. In the present study, 23 out of 50 children with epilepsy also had ADHD (46%). Children with ADHD have been found to have a significantly lower age of onset, longer duration of epilepsy, and a higher serum level of IL-6 and TNF-α than those without ADHD. The Conner's parent rating scale overall total score yielded significant negative correlations with the age of onset of epilepsy and a significant positive correlation with the duration of epilepsy and pro-inflammatory cytokine levels. In addition to active seizures, the presence of elevated circulating inflammation markers may be associated with increased frequency of ADHD in children with epilepsy aged 6-14 years. ER  - 
Repetitive Traumatic Brain Injury among Older Adults$$$ Objective: To determine the incidence of and assess risk factors for repetitive traumatic brain injury (TBI) among older adults in the United States. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Administrative claims data obtained from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services' Chronic Conditions Data Warehouse. Participants: Individuals 65 years or older and diagnosed with TBI between July 2008 and September 2012 drawn from a 5% random sample of US Medicare beneficiaries. Main Measures: Repetitive TBI was identified as a second TBI occurring at least 90 days after the first occurrence of TBI following an 18-month TBI-free period. We identified factors associated with repetitive TBI using a log-binomial model. Results: A total of 38 064 older Medicare beneficiaries experienced a TBI. Of these, 4562 (12%) beneficiaries sustained at least one subsequent TBI over up to 5 years of follow-up. The unadjusted incidence rate of repetitive TBI was 3022 (95% CI, 2935-3111) per 100 000 person-years. Epilepsy was the strongest predictor of repetitive TBI (relative risk [RR] = 1.44; 95% CI, 1.25-1.56), followed by Alzheimer disease and related dementias (RR = 1.32; 95% CI 1.20-1.45), and depression (RR = 1.30; 95% CI, 1.21-1.38). Conclusions: Injury prevention and fall-reduction interventions could be targeted to identify groups of older adults at an increased risk of repetitive head injury. Future work should focus on injury-reduction initiatives to reduce the risk of repetitive TBI as well as assessment of outcomes related to repetitive TBI. ER  - 
The Efficacy of Local Flaps in the Treatment of Traumatic Scalp Defects$$$ Background: Scalp defects represent a therapeutic challenge. The aim of this study is to present our experience with local and regional flaps in the treatment of trauma-induced scalp defects. Furthermore, a comparison with other surgical techniques was performed. Methods: A retrospective evaluation of patient records was performed. Only patients who underwent surgery using local flaps between January 2010 and September 2020 due to traumatic scalp defects were included in the study. Results: In all, 10 cases were identified (3 females, 7 males, average age at surgery of 46.5 years [range: 18-82 years]). Six patients underwent surgery due to tissue defects and four due to scar keloids. Three patients experienced minor postoperative complications, one of which required additional surgery. The mean defect size was 35.75 cm 2 (range: 4-79 cm 2) among the four patients where the defect size could be determined retrospectively. The mean inpatient follow-up was 12.4 days (range: 2-34 days). Conclusions: Local flaps can be widely used. In carefully selected cases, they have the fewest disadvantages of all surgical techniques. In our experience, large angiosomes of the main scalp arteries allow the treatment of defects larger than 30 cm 2 with local flaps. Our experience also suggests that the dimensions of flap length to flap width can exceed a ratio of 2:1 in the scalp. ER  - 
Long-term results with the novel antiseizure medication, cenobamate, in a single centre in Hungary$$$ Background and aims: Cenobamate (CBM) is approved in Europe as adjunctive anti seizure medication (ASM) therapy for adults with drug-resistant focal-onset seizures. This study reviews the early clinical experience of CBM at the National Institute of Mental Health, Neurology and Neurosurgery, Budapest. Methods: 61 adult patients were included treated with CBM for inadequately controlled focal seizures being enrolled in the double blind controlled phase III (YKP3089-C017) and open label safety (YKP3089-C021) studies between 2014 and 2017. Efficacy outcomes were obtained from cases continued CBM treatment in the extended access program (EAP) up to present. Pertinent data points (seizure diary based seizure control data, medications, side effects) were extracted retrospectively for analysis. Results: 40 patients was identified in EAP taking CBM for 5-8 years. 11 (27,5%) patients were rendered seizure free taking 100-400mg/day CBM, and 23 (57,5%) patients experienced significant (more than 50%) seizure reduction. The other 6 (15%) experienced non-significant seizure reduction. Adverse events included dizziness, nystagmus, fatigue, elevation of liver enzimes, hair loss, bacteriuria, hypercholesterinaemia, anaemia, hypertension, psychosis (one case, treatable with concomitant medication), suicidal thoughts (one case, resolved after dose reduction), in the order of the frequency of appearance. One case had eosinophilia and was discontinued early during up titration in the safety study. Conclusion: We found that CBM is a highly effective, welltolerated ASM over long periods of time. Real world data is concordant to previous reports of efficacy in controlled studies. ER  - 
Cognitive adverse events of adjunctive eslicarbazepine acetate in children with refractory focal seizures$$$ Background and aims: Cognitive impairment in children can lead to poor psychosocial outcomes, impacting learning, social behaviour, and school performance. We aim to evaluate cognitive adverse events(AEs) of adjunctive eslicarbazepine acetate(ESL) in children with focal seizures(FS). Methods: Safety data were collected and analysed from two randomized, double-blind(DB), placebo-controlled studies(BIA-2093-208(phase II) and-305(phase III)) of adjunctive ESL in children. Data from 8-12 week maintenance DB part, and subsequent 1-year open-label extension(OLE) in children(2-17 years) with refractory FS were analysed. Treatment Emergent Adverse Events(TEAE) affecting any aspect of cognition were tabulated. Results: During DB(238 patients in ESL group vs 189 in placebo), the following cognitive TEAEs were identified: agitation(2.1% of ESL subjects vs 0.5% in placebo), irritability(1.3%vs1.1%), abnormal behaviour (0.8% vs 0.5%), mental retardation (0.8% vs 0.5%). The remaining TEAEs occurred in one patient each in ESL group(0.4% of subjects): memory impairment(vs 0% in placebo), speech disorder (vs 0.0%), bradyphrenia (vs 0.0%), dyslogia (vs 0.0%), psychomotor hyperactivity (vs 1.1%). No TEAE led to discontinuation of subjects. During the 1-year OLE (372 subjects), the following cognitive TEAE were identified: irritability (1.6% of subjects), abnormal behaviour (0.8%), agitation (0.5%). The remaining TEAEs occurred in one patient each (0.3% of subjects): cognitive disorder, mental impairment, psychomotor hyperactivity, aggression, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, conduct disorder. Two cases of abnormal behaviour and one case of conduct disorder led to the discontinuation of study medication. Conclusion: Cognitive TEAEs observed in children with FS treated with adjunctive ESL were relatively infrequent, during the double-blind and 1-year OLE, and rarely led to discontinuation. ER  - 
Electroencephalography of mechanically ventilated patients at high risk of delirium$$$ Background and aims: Neurophysiological exploration of ICU delirium is limited. Here, we examined EEG characteristics of medical-surgical critically ill patients with new onset altered consciousness state at high risk for ICU delirium. Methods: Pre-planned analysis of non-neurological mechanically ventilated medical-surgical ICU subjects, who underwent a prospective multicenter randomized, controlled EEG study (NCT03129438, April 2017- November 2018). EEG characteristics, according to the 2012 ACNS nomenclature, included background activity, rhythmic periodic patterns/epileptic activity, amplitude, frequency, stimulus-induced discharges, triphasic waves, reactivity and NREM sleep. We explored EEG findings in delirious vs. non-delirious patients, specifically focusing on presence of burst-suppression and rhythmic periodic patterns (ictal-interictal continuum), and ictal activity. Study flow chart Results: We analyzed 91 patients (median age, 66 years) who underwent EEG because of new onset altered consciousness state at a median 5 days from admission; 42 patients developed delirium (46%). Burst-suppression (10 vs. 0%, p=0.02), rhythmic/periodic patterns (43% vs. 22%, p=0.03) and epileptiform activity (7 vs. 0%, p=0.05) were more frequent in delirious vs. non-delirious patients. The presence of at least one of these abnormal EEG findings (32/91 patients; 35%) was associated with a significant increase in the likelihood of delirium (42 vs. 15%, p= 0.006). Cumulative dose of sedatives and analgesics, as well as all other EEG characteristics, did not differ significantly between the two groups. EEG chronologic relationship between delirium duration. In blue: number of days with delirium before EEG; in orange, number of days with delirium after EEG. EEG characteristics between two groups Conclusion: In mechanically ventilated non-neurological critically ill patients with new onset alteration of consciousness, EEG showing burst-suppression, rhythmic or periodic patterns, or seizures/status epilepticus indicate an increased risk of ICU delirium. ER  - 
Insights from long-term clinical routine use of thalamic deep brain stimulation for epilepsy (MORE)$$$ Background and aims: Deep brain stimulation of the anterior nucleus of the thalamus (ANT-DBS) has been established as third line therapy option for refractory focal onset epilepsy. The long-term evaluation of the international multicentre Medtronic Registry for Epilepsy seeks to provide real world data to inform its routine clinical application and examine the factors that impact patient outcomes. Methods: In the registry, 179 adult epilepsy patients with ANT-DBS therapy were followed up for safety, efficacy, and battery longevity. The follow-up ended after a maximum of five years or upon closure of the study observation phase (09/2019), with 105, 63, and 49 patients reaching their 3-year, 4-year, and 5-year follow-up (FU) visits. Results: The median length of exposure to DBS therapy was 3.5 years. Monthly seizure frequency decreased over time, achieving a median reduction of -56% at 5-year FU (p<0.0001). At last FU, 41% were responders i.e., had a seizure frequency reduction 50%. Better seizure outcomes were observed in those patients with unifocal epilepsy, and without previous resective epilepsy surgery. Adverse events mostly (80%) occurred within the first 2 years after implantation and included deterioration in epilepsy or seizure frequency, severity, or seizure type (31%), memory impairment (16%), depression (15%), and 5 deaths (none ANT-DBS related). Battery depletion (Activa PC) occurred on average after 45 months. Conclusion: The registry confirmed the improvement in seizure frequency with ANT-DBS therapy and its safe application in routine clinical practice. Although the identified outcome modifiers can help inform patient selection and management, they require further validation. ER  - 
Social and psychiatric background of patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Background and aims: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are functional neurological disorders that can be highly disabling. Adverse life events, psychological and social factors are associated with these conditions. We aimed to describe the social and psychiatric background of a PNES cohort. Methods: Retrospective descriptive analysis of all patients with PNES admitted to a Portuguese epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) between 2011-2020. Results: From 456 non-invasive VEEG monitoring from the EMU, we included 28 patients with PNES. 86 percent were female, with mean age of 41 years (SD 14.3), mean age of PNES onset of 32 years (6-60 yrs) and mean time to diagnosis of 12 years (sd 10.3). 12 (43%) of patients suffered from weekly episodes. Six (23%) of patients identified anxiety as a trigger. Only 5 (18%) patients had higher education, and 12 (43%) had previously failed a course. Regarding social background, most patients (53.6%) were married, and one-third were unemployed. Almost onethird (29%) of patients had a dysfunctional family, and psychological abuse was present in 18%. A psychiatric disorder was present in 64% of patients: 14 (50%) had depressive disorder, 7 (25%) suffered from anxiety and 2 (5%) had a conversive disorder. Most patients (79%) were under psychoactive drugs: 64% were on anti-depressants, 25% on anxiolytics, and 25% on neuroleptic drugs. After discharge of the EMU, fifty-four percent of patients had a follow-up in the outpatient psychiatric clinic. Conclusion: Adverse life conditions may be frequently found in PNES patients, as well as psychiatric comorbidities which require appropriate management. ER  - 
Overall and cause-specific mortality in epilepsy patients: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Background and aims: We analyzed the overall and causespecific mortality in a large hospital-based epilepsy population. Methods: Retrospective analysis of adult epilepsy patients at the Department of Neurology, Medical University of Vienna who died between January 1993 and December 2020. Patients with brain tumors or nonepileptic seizures were excluded. Database was linked to national death registry of Statistics Austria. Causes of death assessed by demographic, clinical information, death certificates and postmortem examination reports and were classified as 1) epilepsy related, 2) unrelated to epilepsy and 3) unknown. Study was approved by local Ethics Committee. Results: 339 patients, 135 female (40%), 19-95y (median 57y±18.3y) with 22y median duration of disease (0.5-80y) were included: 247 patients (73%) with focal (temporal lobe epilepsy 85/25%, extratemporal lobe epilepsy 20/6%, and focal epilepsy not otherwise specified 142/42%), 48 patients (14%) with generalized, 44 patients (13%) with unclassified epilepsy. 30 patients (8%) had additional nonepileptic seizures. Diagnosis was verified in 50% of cases with video-EEG-monitoring. At last follow-up 68 patients (20%) were seizure-free, 105 patients (31%) had low seizure frequency (1/month) and seizure frequency was unknown in 46 patients (14%). 5.7% of patients were offmedication, 43.6% had monotherapy and 50.7% of patients had more than one antiseizure medication. There was an epilepsy-related cause of death in 66 patients (19.4%), no relation in 249 patients (73.5%) and unknown in 24 patients (7.1%). Conclusion: Epilepsy-related mortality still remains underappreciated and underestimated by death certificates and forensic autopsy reports. ER  - 
EEG findings in patients diagnosed with COVID-19$$$ Background and aims: Neurological complications have been reported in up to a third of patients with severe COVID-19 disease, including seizures. Some studies have noted a preponderance of frontal findings in the EEG of these patients. The aim of this work was to develop a clinical and electroencephalographic description of 80 patients diagnosed with COVID-19 who performed an electroencephalogram (EEG) at the Hospital Prof. Dr. Fernando Fonseca between March 2020 and September 2021. Methods: Retrospective analysis of the electroencephalographic and clinical findings. Statistic analysis in SPSS software, with a significance level of p<0.05. Results: There was a median of age of 75 years (IQR 22-94) and 48.8% of patients were female. The most frequent indication for ordering an EEG was depression of mental status (57.5%). The most common EEG finding was diffuse slowing (75.4%). There was a preferential location of the epileptiform discharges in the frontal lobe (48.7% of the first EEGs). Non-Convulsive Status Epilepticus (NCSE) was present in 9.7% of EEGs. No tendency of NCSE was found throughout the categories of the severity of COVID- 19 disease nor any relation between the degree of encephalopathy and the severity of COVID-19 disease. Conclusion: Similarly, to articles published on this matter, the most common electroencephalographic finding was diffuse slowing and the preferential location of the epileptiform discharges was the frontal lobe. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in the emergency department: clinical characteristics, monitoring and evolution$$$ Background and aims: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are episodes of altered movement, sensation or experience resembling seizures, but not associated with epileptic activity. The aim of this study is to describe the PNES' care process in the emergency department (ED) and to analyze the factors which influence their subsequent demand for urgent care. Methods: We performed a retrospective single-center study of patients attended due to PNES in the ED of our tertiary hospital. Clinical characteristics, type of long-term monitoring, complementary tests, final diagnosis and urgent care needed during one year of the follow-up period were analyzed. Results: Between 2008 and 2018, 151 patients were fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Mean age was 43 years old, 72% were female and frequent comorbidities were anxiousdepressive syndrome (66%) and epilepsy (18%). Patients were followed-up by Psychiatry (57%) and/or Neurology (47%) departments. In 32% of patients there was no followup. The final diagnosis was “documented PNES” in 15% and 6% of the patients had a final diagnosis of epilepsy. Hyperkinetic PNES (50%) were more followed-up by Neurology or Psychiatry and reached the “documented PNES” final diagnosis in a higher proportion. 37% of the patients required new urgent care due to PNES, which was associated with the presence of comorbid anxiousdepressive syndrome and being followed-up by Neurology or Psychiatry. Conclusion: Patients with PNES have an uneven care, with low follow-up and most do not reach a definitive diagnosis. The medical care provided by the Neurology department increases the likelihood of documented diagnosis, but does not decrease subsequent demand for urgent care. ER  - 
Comparison of semiologic characteristics of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and frontal and temporal lobe seizures$$$ Introduction: Video electroencephalography monitoring (VEM) is the gold standard for differentiating epileptic seizures and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). This study aimed to compare the semiologic characteristics of PNES and frontal and temporal seizures. Materials and Methods: This study was conducted retrospectively on the records of patients aged over 18 years with PNES and frontal and temporal lobe seizures, who were followed up as inpatients in the Ufuk University Neurology Clinic VEM unit between 2016 and 2020. Seventy-two patients who met the study criteria and were hospitalized during this period were included in the study. The preictal, ictal, and postictal semiologic characteristics of the patients were examined and compared in terms of the seizure type. Results: Of the 72 patients included in the study, 29.2% had PNES, 15.3% had frontal lobe epilepsy, and 41.7% had temporal lobe epilepsy. The mean age of the patients was 32.74 ± 9.84 years. In patients with PNES, frequent semiologic changes, frequent medical visits, ability to execute commands, remembering test words, forced eye closure, subjective sensory symptoms, ictal crying, tremor in extremities, gradual onset, fluctuating course, postictal pseudo-sleep, pelvic thrusting movement, and arrhythmic synchronous extremity movement manifestations were determined to be significantly higher compared with frontal and temporal lobe epilepsies. Conclusion: Seizure semiology is important in the differential diagnosis of epileptic seizures and PNES. VEM remains the gold standard for differentiating PNES and epileptic seizures. ER  - 
Deep Brain Stimulation: Neutral Tissue Response and Analysis of Adverse Events$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is a common treatment for numerous neurological disorders, especially movement disorders, including, but not limited to, Parkinson's disease, essential tremor, and dystonia. Despite growing recognition, drastic shortcomings of DBS include infection, inflammation, hardware breaks, and extreme withdrawal syndrome. Brain-machine interfaces can be implemented only if the neural tissue response to electrodes and implants is understood and optimized. In this study, we analyzed adverse events resulting from DBS implantation. Through the past decade of DBS implant malfunctions, injuries, and deaths, it is apparent that high impedance and lead problems are major blockages. High impedance blocks the transmission of signals to the brain stimulator, deeming it useless. Leads are known to cause infection, especially along the incision site of implantable pulse generators (IPG). While the surgical technique depends on the skill of the surgeon, infections occur in a significant number of patients. Infection often means complete removal of the IPG, which could cause severe withdrawal syndrome; Parkinson's patients may experience severe motor symptoms such as akinesia or rigidity, dystonia patients can develop status dystonicus, epilepsy patients may experience an increase in seizures, and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) patients may have worsening neuropsychiatric symptoms and suicidal ideation. In addition, studies have shown that quality-of-life scores after DBS are usually lower than preoperative scores, indicating that the long-term efficacy of DBS for treating these disorders may not be beneficial. However, recent studies on antimicrobial catheters may present an effective and inexpensive strategy against infection. As DBS is a relatively new technique, large, randomized clinical trials are still needed to provide necessary data to draw conclusions on long-term efficacy and safety, and device modifications may be needed to optimize the tissue response. ER  - 
Phase 2B Efficacy and Safety of XEN1101, a Novel Potassium Channel Modulator, In Adults with Focal Epilepsy (X-TOLE)$$$ This Phase 2b study was designed to assess the efficacy and safety of XEN1101 as adjunctive treatment in adults with focal onset seizures (FOS). XEN1101 is a novel, potent, selective KCNQ2/3 (Kv7.2/7.3) potassium channel positive allosteric opener being developed for FOS and major depressive disorder. Its pharmacokinetic properties support once daily oral dosing without titration. X-TOLE was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, doseranging study in adults. Subjects had ≥ 4 countable FOS per month, recorded with an eDiary, and stable treatment with 1-3 antiseizure medications (ASMs). A total of 325 subjects with a median baseline FOS frequency of 13.5/ month were randomized to one of three treatment groups or placebo in a 2:1:1:2 ratio (25 mg: 20 mg: 10 mg: placebo). The trial met its primary and secondary endpoints with XEN1101 demonstrating a dose-dependent reduction from baseline in FOS frequency of 33.2% (p = 0.035, n = 46), 46.4% (p < 0.001, n = 51), and 52.8% (p < 0.001, n = 112) in the 10 mg, 20 mg, and 25 mg groups, respectively, compared to placebo (18.2%, n = 114). Responder rates of ≥ 50% reduction in FOS frequency were achieved in 28.3% (p = 0.037), 43.1% (p < 0.001) and 54.5% (p < 0.001) in the 10 mg, 20 mg, and 25 mg groups, respectively, compared to placebo (14.9%). Comparing CGI and PGI scores in the 25 mg and placebo groups, approximately twice as many subjects reported improvement with XEN1101: 46.4% vs 22.8% (p < 0.001) and 42.9% vs 21.9% (p = 0.001), respectively. The incidence of TEAEs was 67.4%, 68.6%, and 85.1% in the 10 mg, 20 mg, and 25 mg groups, respectively, compared to placebo (62.3%). The incidence of treatment-emergent SAEs was balanced across study arms. The overall dropout was 12.3%; 96.5% of study completers entered the open label extension. At all doses, XEN1101 demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in FOS frequency compared to placebo and there was a corresponding dose-dependent improvement in responder rates. XEN1101 demonstrated a safety profile similar to other ASMs. ER  - 
Self-Regulation Mediates Therapeutic Horseback Riding Social Functioning Outcomes in Youth With Autism Spectrum Disorder$$$ Emerging evidence suggests therapeutic horseback riding improves self-regulation behaviors, social functioning, and language in youth with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). It has been theorized that interacting with horses is calming for youth with ASD, which may influence social and language outcomes. The current study is an exploratory secondary mediation analysis of a previously published randomized controlled trial of therapeutic horseback riding for youth with ASD. We hypothesized that self-regulation would mediate therapeutic horseback riding's effect on social and language outcomes in youth with ASD. Results indicate that self-regulation mediates therapeutic horseback riding's effect on social, but not language outcomes. This paper provides support for the hypothesis that interacting with horses may have a calming effect that serves as a platform for improving social outcomes in youth with autism. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study of the neuropsychiatric phenotype of CACNA1C-related disorder$$$ CACNA1C encodes the voltage gated L-type calcium channel CaV1.2. A specific gain of function pathogenic variant in CACNA1C causes Timothy syndrome type 1 (TS1) with cardiac long QT syndrome, syndactyly, and neuropsychiatric symptoms. Recent case series highlighted a broader spectrum of CACNA1C-related disorder (CRD) that includes isolated cardiac disease, isolated neurologic deficits, and TS, but it is unknown how the clinical presentation of other CRD variants relate to neural defects. We surveyed individuals with CRD to define the neuropsychiatric and developmental phenotype in an effort to guide future research into the role of calcium channels in neural development. Among 24 participants the most common neuropsychiatric symptoms and/or diagnoses were developmental delay in 92%, incoordination in 71%, hypotonia in 67%, autism spectrum disorder in 50% (autistic features in 92%), seizures in 38%, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in 21% of participants. There were no significant differences in symptoms between participants with and without long QT syndrome. These findings indicate the key role of CaV1.2 in brain development and the clinical importance of screening and therapeutically addressing neuropsychiatric symptoms in all individuals with CRD. ER  - 
Role of autoantibodies and blood-brain barrier leakage in cognitive impairment in systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Objective Cognitive impairment is common in patients with SLE but the cause is unknown. The current cross-sectional study examined the association between select SLE-related autoantibodies, other serological biomarkers and extensive blood-brain barrier (BBB) leakage in patients with SLE with and without cognitive impairment. In addition, we determined whether the relationship between SLE autoantibodies, other biomarkers and cognitive impairment differed depending on the presence or absence of concurrent extensive BBB leakage. Methods Consecutive patients with SLE, recruited from a single academic medical centre, underwent formal neuropsychological testing for assessment of cognitive function. On the same day, BBB permeability was determined using dynamic contrast-enhanced MRI scanning. SLE autoantibodies and other serological biomarkers were measured. Regression modelling was used to determine the association between cognitive impairment, extensive BBB leakage and autoantibodies/biomarkers. Results There were 102 patients with SLE; 90% were female and 88% were Caucasian, with a mean±SD age of 48.9±13.8 years. The mean±SD SLE disease duration was 14.8±11.0 years. Impairment in one or more cognitive tests was present in 47 of 101 (47%) patients and included deficits in information processing speed (9%), attention span (21%), new learning (8%), delayed recall (15%) and executive abilities (21%). Extensive BBB leakage was present in 20 of 79 (25%) patients and was associated with cognitive impairment (15 of 20 (75%) vs 24 of 59 (41%); p=0.01) and shorter disease duration (median (IQR): 7 (8-24 years) vs 15 (2-16 years); p=0.02). No serological parameters were associated with extensive BBB leakage and there was no statistically significant association between cognitive impairment and circulating autoantibodies even after adjusting for BBB leakage. Conclusions Extensive BBB leakage alone was associated with cognitive impairment. These findings suggest that BBB leakage is an important contributor to cognitive impairment, regardless of circulating SLE-related autoantibodies. ER  - 
Risk Prediction Models for Early ICU Admission in Patients With Autoimmune Encephalitis: Integrating Scale-Based Assessments of the Disease Severity$$$ Background: In patients with autoimmune encephalitis (AE), the prediction of progression to a critically ill status is challenging but essential. However, there is currently no standard prediction model that comprehensively integrates the disease severity and other clinical features. The clinical assessment scale in autoimmune encephalitis (CASE) and the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) have both been applied for evaluating the severity of AE. Here, by combining the two scales and other clinical characteristics, we aimed to investigate risk factors and construct prediction models for early critical care needs of AE patients. Methods: Definite and probable AE patients who were admitted to the neurology department of Tongji Hospital between 2013 and 2021 were consecutively enrolled. The CASE and mRS scores were used to evaluate the overall symptom severity at the time of hospital admission. Using logistic regression analysis, we analyzed the association between the total scores of the two scales and critical illness individually and then we evaluated this association in combination with other clinical features to predict early intensive care unit (ICU) admission. Finally, we constructed four prediction models and compared their performances. Results: Of 234 patients enrolled, forty developed critical illness and were early admitted to the ICU (within 14 days of hospitalization). Four prediction models were generated; the models were named CASE, CASE-plus (CASE + prodromal symptoms + elevated fasting blood glucose + elevated cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) white blood cell (WBC) count), mRS and mRS-plus (mRS + prodromal symptoms + abnormal EEG results + elevated fasting blood glucose + elevated CSF WBC count) and had areas under the ROC curve of 0.850, 0.897, 0.695 and 0.833, respectively. All four models had good calibrations. In general, the models containing “CASE” performed better than those including “mRS”, and the CASE-plus model demonstrated the best performance. Conclusion: Overall, the symptom severity at hospital admission, as defined by CASE or mRS, could predict early ICU admission, especially when assessed by CASE. Adding other clinical findings, such as prodromal symptoms, an increased fasting blood glucose level and an increased CSF WBC count, could improve the predictive efficacy. ER  - 
Incidence and predictors of epilepsy in children with congenital heart disease$$$ Objective: Children with CHD may be at increased risk for epilepsy. While the incidence of perioperative seizures after surgical repair of CHD has been well-described, the incidence of epilepsy is less well-defined. We aim to determine the incidence and predictors of epilepsy in patients with CHD. Methods: Retrospective cohort study of patients with CHD who underwent cardiopulmonary bypass at <2 years of age between January, 2012 and December, 2013 and had at least 2 years of follow-up. Clinical variables were extracted from a cardiac surgery database and hospital records. Seizures were defined as acute if they occurred within 7 days after an inciting event. Epilepsy was defined based on the International League Against Epilepsy criteria. Results: Two-hundred and twenty-one patients were identified, 157 of whom were included in our analysis. Five patients (3.2%) developed epilepsy. Acute seizures occurred in 12 (7.7%) patients, only one of whom developed epilepsy. Predictors of epilepsy included an earlier gestational age, a lower birth weight, a greater number of cardiac surgeries, a need for extracorporeal membrane oxygenation or a left ventricular assist device, arterial ischaemic stroke, and a longer hospital length of stay. Conclusions: Epilepsy in children with CHD is rare. The mechanism of epileptogenesis in these patients may be the result of a complex interaction of patient-specific factors, some of which may be present even before surgery. Larger long-term follow-up studies are needed to identify risk factors associated with epilepsy in these patients. ER  - 
Risk factors of mortality and severe disability in the patients with cerebrovascular diseases treated with perioperative mechanical ventilation$$$ BACKGROUND The prognosis of cerebrovascular diseases treated with mechanical ventilation during perioperative has not been clearly reported. AIM To analyze mortality and functional disability and to determine predictors of unfavorable outcome in the patients with cerebrovascular diseases treated with mechanical ventilation. METHODS A retrospective follow-up study of 111 cerebrovascular disease patients who underwent mechanical ventilation during the perioperative period in the First Hospital of Jilin University from June 2016 to June 2019 was performed. Main measurements were mortality and functional outcome in-hospital and after 3-month follow-up. According to the modified rankin scale (mRS), the functional outcome was divided into three groups: Good recovery (mRS ≤ 3), severe disability (mRS = 4 or 5) and death (mRS = 6). Univariate analysis was used to compare the differences between three functional outcomes. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to for risk factors of mortality and severe disability. RESULTS The average age of 111 patients was 56.46 ± 12.53 years, 59 (53.15%) were males. The mortality of in-hospital and 3-month follow-up were 36.9% and 45.0%, respectively. Of 71 discharged patients, 46.47% were seriously disabled and 12.67% died after three months follow-up. Univariate analysis showed that preoperative glasgow coma scale, operation start time and ventilation reasons had statistically significant differences in different functional outcomes. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that the cause of ventilation was related to the death and poor prognosis of patients with cerebrovascular diseases. Compared with brainstem compression, the risk of death or severe disability of pulmonary disease, status epilepticus, impaired respiratory center function, and shock were 0.096 (95%CI: 0.028-0.328), 0.026 (95%CI: 0.004-0.163), 0.095 (95%CI: 0.013-0.709), 0.095 (95%CI: 0.020-0.444), respectively. CONCLUSION The survival rate and prognostic outcomes of patients with cerebrovascular diseases treated with mechanical ventilation during the perioperative period were poor. The reason for mechanical ventilation was a statistically significant predictor for mortality and severe disability. ER  - 
Ovarian teratoma related anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis: A case series and review of the literature$$$ BACKGROUND Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis is a rare but important complication of ovarian teratoma. Between July 2012 and December 2019, six patients with ovarian teratoma-associated anti-NMDAR encephalitis were enrolled in our hospital and their clinical characteristics, treatment, and follow-up were reviewed. We also conducted a systematic literature review of ovarian teratoma related anti-NMDAR encephalitis reports between January 2014 and December 2019. AIM To better understand anti-NMDAR encephalitis through literature review and patients enrolled in our hospital. METHODS The six patients enrolled in the study were those diagnosed with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Their history, clinical manifestations, and medications were recorded and optimum treatment provided in addition to maintaining a record of the follow-ups. In addition, we also extensively surveyed the literature and provide summarized data from 155 published cases of anti-NMDAR encephalitis from 130 case reports. PubMed and Scopus were the sources of these publications and the time period covered was 6 years ranging from January 2014 through December 2019. RESULTS The six patients enrolled for this study presented with typical symptoms resulting in a diagnosis of ovarian teratoma induced anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Appropriate interventions led to a positive outcome in all the patients, with five of six patients reporting full recovery and the sixth patient recovering with a few deficits. No death was recorded. The literature survey comprising of 155 patients cases across 130 case reports of anti-NMDAR encephalitis clearly indicated an upward trend in the reports/diagnosis in China, particularly in the surveyed time from 2014 through 2019. The majority of patients (150/155) underwent surgical intervention resulting in positive outcome. No treatment intervention was mentioned for one case while the four patients who were not surgically operated succumbed to the disease. CONCLUSION Suspected anti-NMDAR encephalitis should be quickly evaluated for anti-NMDAR antibodies since early diagnosis is important. In case of a tumor, its earliest and complete removal is recommended. Finally, early use of corticosteroids and IgG-depleting strategies (intravenous immunoglobulin or plasma exchange) may improve outcome. ER  - 
Glucocorticoid discontinuation in patients with SLE with prior severe organ involvement: A single-center retrospective analysis$$$ Objective Long-term glucocorticoid use in SLE may have significant side effects; however, glucocorticoid discontinuation is occasionally associated with disease flare-ups. Therefore, we evaluated the risk factors for disease flares and the flare rate on glucocorticoid tapering in patients with prior severe organ involvement. Methods Data of patients with SLE with glucocorticoid tapering at our institution were retrospectively analysed. We divided the patients by the presence of prior severe organ involvement and compared flare rates after glucocorticoid discontinuation. Furthermore, we determined risk factors for flares after glucocorticoid discontinuation. Results In total, 309 patients with SLE were screened, 73 of whom met the inclusion criteria; 49 were classified as SLE with prior severe organ involvement. No significant differences were noted in the 52-week flare rate after glucocorticoid discontinuation between patients with and without prior severe organ involvement (16.7% vs 18.2%, p=1.0). Hypocomplementaemia, elevated anti-dsDNA antibody titres more than twice the upper limit of the laboratory reference range, positive anti-Smith/anti-ribonucleoprotein antibody, and use of any immunosuppressant on the day of glucocorticoid discontinuation were negatively associated with flare-free remission. Conclusions Glucocorticoid discontinuation after gradual tapering can often be achieved in patients with SLE, even with prior severe organ involvement, especially when the disease is clinically and serologically stable. ER  - 
The Safety and Efficacy of Desmopressin in Patients With Intracranial Hemorrhage and a History of Alcohol Use$$$ Background: Patients with a history of alcohol use disorder are at an increased risk of hematoma expansion following intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) due to the effects of alcohol on platelet aggregation. Desmopressin (DDAVP) improves platelet aggregation and may decrease hematoma expansion in patients with ICH. However, DDAVP may also increase the risk of hyponatremia and thrombotic events. Evidence is limited regarding the safety and efficacy of DDAVP in alcohol use (AU)-associated ICH. Methods: This was a retrospective chart review of adult patients with radiographic evidence of ICH and a confirmed or suspected history of alcohol use upon admission. Patients were categorized into groups based on DDAVP administration. Safety outcomes included hyponatremia (serum sodium <135 mEq/L or decrease in serum sodium of ≥ 5 mEq/L for patients with baseline sodium <135 mEq/L) within 24 hours of ICH and thrombotic events within 7 days of ICH. The primary efficacy outcome was the incidence of hematoma expansion, defined as any expansion of the hemorrhage noted on repeat imaging within 32 hours. Results: In total, 52 patients were included in the safety analysis (27 DDAVP and 25 non-DDAVP). Although hyponatremia was numerically higher in the DDAVP group, there was no significant difference between groups (19.2% vs 4.2%, P = 0.192). Thrombotic complications were similar between the DDAVP and non-DDAVP groups (11.1% vs. 8%, P = 1.0). Thirty-nine patients met criteria for hemostatic efficacy analysis. There was no difference in hematoma expansion between the DDAVP and non-DDAVP groups (23.1% vs 34.6%, P = 0.71) and these findings were consistent after adjusting for differences in baseline characteristics (OR 0.63, 95% CI 0.1-3.3). Conclusion: The administration of DDAVP was not associated with adverse safety events, but did not significantly reduce the incidence of hematoma expansion in patients with AU-associated ICH. ER  - 
Combining Trauma Script Exposure With rTMS to Reduce Symptoms of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder: Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Innovative therapeutic interventions for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are required. We opted to facilitate fear extinction by combining trauma script exposure with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to reduce symptoms of PTSD. Objective: The efficacy and safety of 10 Hz rTMS of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex simultaneously with exposure to personal traumatic narrative were studied in patients with PTSD. Materials and Methods: This trial was a single-center randomized controlled trial (NCT02584894). Patients were randomly assigned 1:1 to receive eight daily sessions of 110% of motor threshold high frequency (HF) 10 Hz rTMS (110% HF rTMS) or 70% low frequency (LF) 1 Hz rTMS (70% LF rTMS) with trauma script exposure in both groups. Severity of PTSD, depression, and anxiety were assessed before and after study treatment (one month, three months) by an assessor masked to the trial group assignment. The primary outcome was the severity of PTSD assessed by the Clinician Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS). We used mixed linear regression models for statistical comparisons. Results: Thirty-eight patients (65.8% females) were randomly assigned to 110% HF rTMS (n = 18, 31.3 ± 10.0 years, 13 females) or 70% LF rTMS (n = 20, 33.5 ± 11.1 years, 12 females). From baseline to three months, mean CAPS scores decreased by 51% in the 110% HF rTMS group (from 83.7 ± 14.4 to 41.8 ± 31.9) and by 36.9% in the 70% LF rTMS group (from 81.8 ± 15.6 to 51.6 ± 23.7), but with no significant difference in improvement (time by treatment interaction −3.61 [95% confidence interval (CI), −9.70 to 2.47]; p = 0.24; effect size 0.53). One serious adverse event occurred during the study (psychogenic nonepileptic seizure). Conclusion: We found no evidence of difference in clinical improvement or remission rates between the 110% HF and 70% LF stimulation. These findings may reflect the importance of exposure procedure and that larger number of participants is needed. ER  - 
Post-intubation tracheal stenosis in pediatric age group: single-center experiences of 24 years$$$ Background and aim: Post-intubation tracheal stenosis (PITS) is an iatrogenic injury that involves some patients. Given the importance of this issue and the referral of a significant number of children with tracheal stenosis to Masih Daneshvari Hospital in Tehran, Iran, the present study investigated tracheal stenosis following prolonged intubation in the pediatric age group. Methods: In this observational retrospective study, from 1994 to 2018, the medical records of all children under 14 years of age with a history of PITS were reviewed. Demographic and clinical characteristics including signs and symptoms, the underlying condition that leads to intubation, duration of intubation, type of stenosis, and the therapeutic approach, type of surgery, and follow-up were collected and analyzed using SPSS. Results: Among 161 patients with a mean age of 9.8 ± 4.2 years, 69% were male. The site of stenosis was limited to the trachea in 47% and others both trachea and subglottic area were involved. The most common cause of intubation was trauma. The most common symptoms were dyspnea and wheezing. Success rates of reconstruction were 93.75% in type I, 82.15% in type II, and 35.70% in type III. Among the 16 patients who underwent Type III surgery, decannulation was not performed in 11 patients. Traction in the anastomosis and complications were stated in 26 and 10% of the patients respectively, a mortality rate of 8.7% was also reported. Conclusion: In the case of endotracheal intubation, PITS should be considered in the differential diagnosis of dyspnea in children as well as adults. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and safety assessment of multiple doses of soticlestat in healthy volunteers$$$ Aims: Soticlestat, a first-in-class inhibitor of cholesterol 24-hydroxylase (also known as cytochrome P450 46A1), is currently in development for the treatment of developmental and epileptic encephalopathies. Here, we report safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic outcomes from a phase I, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multiple-rising-dose study of soticlestat in healthy adults. Methods: Five cohorts of healthy subjects (n = 8 each, randomized 6:2 soticlestat:placebo) received oral soticlestat 100-600 mg once daily (QD) or 300 mg twice daily (BID) for 10-14 days. Serial blood and urine samples were obtained on days 1, 7 (blood only) and 14. Results: Soticlestat in the dose range 100-400 mg/day for up to 14 days was generally well tolerated. In total, 45 treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were reported; most (91%) were transient and mild in intensity. Two subjects experienced TEAEs leading to discontinuation: one receiving soticlestat 600 mg QD reported a severe event of acute psychosis; another receiving 300 mg BID reported a mild event of confusional state. Steady-state exposure to soticlestat increased in a slightly greater than dose-proportional manner across the dose range 100-400 mg QD. Peak plasma concentrations were reached within 0.33-0.5 hour, and soticlestat elimination half-life was approximately 4 hours. Renal excretion of soticlestat was negligible. Soticlestat 100-400 mg QD reduced 24S-hydroxycholesterol levels by 46.8 (coefficient of variation [CV%] −9.2) to −62.7% (CV% −7.3) at steady state; values of enzymatic inhibition were compatible with antiepileptic effects observed in preclinical models. Conclusion: The pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profiles of soticlestat characterized here provided a data-driven rationale for clinical trial dose selection. ER  - 
Chronic vestibular syndromes in the elderly: Presbyvestibulopathy—an isolated clinical entity?$$$ Background and purpose: Recently, the Classification Committee of the Bárány Society defined the new syndrome of "presbyvestibulopathy" for elderly patients with chronic vestibular symptoms due to a mild bilateral peripheral vestibular hypofunction. However, control of stance and gait requires multiple functioning systems, for example, the somatosensory, visual, auditory, musculoskeletal, and cardio- and cerebrovascular systems. The aim of this cross-sectional database-driven study was to evaluate the frequency and characteristics of presbyvestibulopathy and additional gait-relevant comorbidities. Methods: In total, 707 patients aged ≥60 years with chronic vertigo/dizziness were admitted to our tertiary hospital and received detailed neurological, neuro-orthoptic, and laboratory audiovestibular examination. Medical history, comorbidities, functional impairment, and quality of life (Dizziness Handicap Inventory [DHI], European Quality of Life Scale, Vestibular Activities and Participation) were compared between presbyvestibulopathy and bilateral vestibulopathy in a matched-paired study. Results: In 95.5% of patients, complaints were better accounted for by another vestibular, neurological, cardiac, or psychiatric disease, and 32 patients (4.5%) met the diagnostic criteria for presbyvestibulopathy. Of these 32 patients, the majority showed further relevant comorbidities in other sensorimotor systems. Only one patient of 707 had “isolated” presbyvestibulopathy (0.14%). The mean total DHI scores indicated lower moderate impairment in presbyvestibulopathy than in bilateral vestibulopathy (40.6 vs. 49.0), which was confirmed by significant differences in the matched-paired analysis (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Isolated presbyvestibulopathy is a very rare entity. It is regularly accompanied by other multisensory dysfunctions. These results indicate a potential role of mild vestibular hypofunction as a cofactor in multifactorial impairment. Thus, patients should be treated in an interdisciplinary setting with an awareness of diverse comorbidities. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental disorders and somatic diagnoses in a national cohort of children born before 24 weeks of gestation$$$ Aim: This study investigated childhood diagnoses in children born extremely preterm before 24 weeks of gestation. Methods: Diagnoses of neurodevelopmental disorders and selected somatic diagnoses were retrospectively retrieved from national Swedish registries for children born before 24 weeks from 2007 to 2018. Their individual medical files were also examined. Results: We studied 383 children born at a median of 23.3 (range 21.9–23.9) weeks, with a median birthweight of 565 (range 340–874) grams. Three-quarters (75%) had neurodevelopmental disorders, including speech disorders (52%), intellectual disabilities (40%), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (30%), autism spectrum disorders (24%), visual impairment (22%), cerebral palsy (17%), epilepsy (10%) and hearing impairment (5%). More boys than girls born at 23 weeks had intellectual disabilities (45% vs. 27%, p < 0.01) and visual impairment (25% vs. 14%, p < 0.01). Just over half of the cohort (55%) received habilitation care. The majority (88%) had somatic diagnoses, including asthma (63%) and failure to thrive/short stature (39%). Conclusion: Most children born before 24 weeks had neurodevelopmental disorders and/or additional somatic diagnoses in childhood and were referred to habilitation services. Clinicians should be aware of the multiple health and developmental problems affecting these children. Resources are needed to identify their long-term support needs at an early stage. ER  - 
Antiseizure medication treatment pathways for US Medicare beneficiaries with newly treated epilepsy$$$ Objective: This study was undertaken to characterize antiseizure medication (ASM) treatment pathways in Medicare beneficiaries with newly treated epilepsy. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study using Medicare claims. Medicare is the United States' federal health insurance program for people aged 65 years and older plus younger people with disabilities or end-stage renal disease. We included beneficiaries with newly treated epilepsy (International Classification of Diseases codes for epilepsy/convulsions 2014–2017, no ASM in the previous 2 years). We displayed the sequence of ASM fills using sunburst plots overall, then stratified by mood disorder, age, and neurologist prescriber. We tabulated drug costs for each pathway. Results: We included 21 458 beneficiaries. Levetiracetam comprised the greatest number of pill days (56%), followed by gabapentin (11%) and valproate (8%). There were 22 288 unique treatment pathways. The most common pathways were levetiracetam monotherapy (43%), gabapentin monotherapy (10%), and valproate monotherapy (5%). Gabapentin was the most common second- and third-line ASM. Whereas only 2% of pathways involved first-line lacosamide, those pathways accounted for 19% of cost. Gabapentin and valproate use was increased and levetiracetam use was decreased in beneficiaries with mood disorders compared to beneficiaries without mood disorders. Levetiracetam use was increased and gabapentin, valproate, lamotrigine, and topiramate use was decreased in beneficiaries aged >65 years compared with those aged 65 years or less. Lamotrigine, levetiracetam, and lacosamide use was increased and gabapentin use was decreased in beneficiaries whose initial prescriber was a neurologist compared to those whose prescriber was not a neurologist. Significance: Levetiracetam monotherapy was the most common pathway, although substantial heterogeneity existed. Lacosamide accounted for a small percentage of ASMs but a disproportionately large share of cost. Neurologists were more likely to prescribe lamotrigine compared with nonneurologists, and lamotrigine was prescribed far less frequently than may be endorsed by guidelines. Future work may explore patient- and physician-driven factors underlying ASM choices. ER  - 
A pharmacogenomic assessment of psychiatric adverse drug reactions to levetiracetam$$$ Objective: Levetiracetam (LEV) is an effective antiseizure medicine, but 10%–20% of people treated with LEV report psychiatric side-effects, and up to 1% may have psychotic episodes. Pharmacogenomic predictors of these adverse drug reactions (ADRs) have yet to be identified. We sought to determine the contribution of both common and rare genetic variation to psychiatric and behavioral ADRs associated with LEV. Methods: This case-control study compared cases of LEV-associated behavioral disorder (n = 149) or psychotic reaction (n = 37) to LEV-exposed people with no history of psychiatric ADRs (n = 920). All samples were of European ancestry. We performed genome-wide association study (GWAS) analysis comparing those with LEV ADRs to controls. We estimated the polygenic risk scores (PRS) for schizophrenia and compared cases with LEV-associated psychotic reaction to controls. Rare variant burden analysis was performed using exome sequence data of cases with psychotic reactions (n = 18) and controls (n = 122). Results: Univariate GWAS found no significant associations with either LEV-associated behavioural disorder or LEV-psychotic reaction. PRS analysis showed that cases of LEV-associated psychotic reaction had an increased PRS for schizophrenia relative to contr ols (p =.0097, estimate =.4886). The rare-variant analysis found no evidence of an increased burden of rare genetic variants in people who had experienced LEV-associated psychotic reaction relative to controls. Significance: The polygenic burden for schizophrenia is a risk factor for LEV-associated psychotic reaction. To assess the clinical utility of PRS as a predictor, it should be tested in an independent and ideally prospective cohort. Larger sample sizes are required for the identification of significant univariate common genetic signals or rare genetic signals associated with psychiatric LEV ADRs. ER  - 
Heterogeneity of patients with functional/dissociative seizures: Three multidimensional profiles$$$ Objective: Current concepts highlight the neurological and psychological heterogeneity of functional/dissociative seizures (FDS). However, it remains uncertain whether it is possible to distinguish between a limited number of subtypes of FDS disorders. We aimed to identify profiles of distinct FDS subtypes by cluster analysis of a multidimensional dataset without any a priori hypothesis. Methods: We conducted an exploratory, prospective multicenter study of 169 patients with FDS. We collected biographical, trauma (childhood and adulthood traumatic experiences), semiological (seizure characteristics), and psychopathological data (psychiatric comorbidities, dissociation, and alexithymia) through psychiatric interviews and standardized scales. Clusters were identified by the Partitioning Around Medoids method. The similarity of patients was computed using Gower distance. The clusters were compared using analysis of variance, chi-squared, or Fisher exact tests. Results: Three patient clusters were identified in this exploratory, hypothesis-generating study and named on the basis of their most prominent characteristics: A “No/Single Trauma” group (31.4%), with more male patients, intellectual disabilities, and nonhyperkinetic seizures, and a low level of psychopathology; A “Cumulative Lifetime Traumas” group (42.6%), with clear female predominance, hyperkinetic seizures, relatively common comorbid epilepsy, and a high level of psychopathology; and A “Childhood Traumas” group (26%), commonly with comorbid epilepsy, history of childhood sexual abuse (75%), and posttraumatic stress disorder, but also with a high level of anxiety and dissociation. Significance: Although our cluster analysis was undertaken without any a priori hypothesis, the nature of the trauma history emerged as the most important differentiator between three common FDS disorder subtypes. This subdifferentiation of FDS disorders may facilitate the development of more specific therapeutic programs for each patient profile. ER  - 
2019 ACR/EULAR classification criteria and therapy in predicting organ damage accrual in patients with childhood-onset systemic lupus erythematosus: A retrospective study over the last 29 years$$$ Objective: We explored damage occurrence in patients with childhood-onset SLE (cSLE) and aimed to predict the risk of organ damage occurrence in time. Methods: The retrospective study included patients treated for cSLE at the Centre of Reference for Pediatric and Adolescent Rheumatology of the Republic Croatia over a 29-year period. Results: The disease development of 97 patients (77 females) with cSLE was examined. The median (Q1, Q3) follow-up time was 6.5 (2.3, 12.0) years. SDI was determined at 5 time points (6, 12, 24, 36 months, and last follow-up). Thirty-eight patients (48%) had organ damage at the last follow-up. Prepubertal group of patients showed higher SLEDAI scores at the disease onset, while post-pubertal group had significantly lower proportion of patients with relapses. We estimated the time from the first symptom to the moment of damage and our findings suggest that it is unlikely that organ damage will occur in 50% of patients in the first 6 years since the diagnosis. The number of 2019 ACR/EULAR classification criteria at the time of diagnosis associated with SDI determined after 1 year of the follow-up period. The patients who received higher doses of glucocorticoids accumulated damage faster and mycophenolate mofetil was found to be a more frequent therapy in patients with SDI ≥3. Conclusion: Knowing that damage will most likely happen after the first 6 years after diagnosis in 50% of patients enables physicians to better predict damage occurrence. High number of 2019 ACR/EULAR criteria and treatment with glucocorticoids in childhood-onset SLE are associated with damage accrual and these findings could enable us to detect patients which should be closely monitored for higher risk of damage development. ER  - 
Predictive factors of postoperative outcome in the elderly after resective epilepsy surgery$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficiency of resective epilepsy surgery (RES) in patients over 50 years and determine prognostic factors. Results: Over the 147 patients over 50 years (54.9 ± 3.8 years [50–69]) coming from 8 specialized French centres for epilepsy surgery, 72.1%, patients were seizure-free and 91.2% had a good outcome 12 months after RES. Seizure freedom was not associated with the age at surgery or duration of epilepsy. In multivariate analysis, seizure freedom was associated with MRI and neuropathological hippocampal sclerosis (HS) (P = 0.009 and P = 0.028 respectively), PET hypometabolism (P = 0.013), temporal epilepsy (P = 0.01). On the contrary, the need for intracranial exploration was associated with a poorer prognosis (P = 0.001). Postoperative number of antiepileptic drugs was significantly lower in the seizure-free group (P = 0.001). Neurological adverse event rate after surgery was 21.1% and 11.7% of patients had neuropsychological adverse effects overall transient. Conclusions: RES is effective procedure in the elderly. Even safe it remains at higher risk of complication and population should be carefully selected. Nevertheless, age should not be considered as a limiting factor, especially when good prognostic factors are identified. ER  - 
Association between family history of alcohol use disorder and catamenial epilepsy$$$ The purpose of this investigation was to determine whether a family history of alcohol use disorder (AUD) might be a risk factor and possible clinical biomarker for catamenial epilepsy. The retrospective case–control data came from 119 women, aged 13–48 years, with intractable seizures. We report the relative risk for positive family history of AUD among women with catamenial epilepsy (Group 1) relative to women with noncatamenial epilepsy (Group 2). The risk ratio (RR) for positive AUD history for Group 1 (n = 59) relative to Group 2 (n = 60) was 3.46 (95% confidence interval = 1.36–8.76, p =.009). The RRs were significant for women who had the (C1) perimenstrual (p =.009) and (C3) entire luteal phase (p =.003) patterns but not the (C2) preovulatory pattern. AUD history had a high specificity of 91.7% (55/60) but relatively low sensitivity of 28.8% (17/59) for the prediction of catamenial epilepsy. The positive predictive value was 77.3% (17/22), whereas the negative predictive value was 56.7% (55/97). AUD history is a highly specific biomarker for catamenial epilepsy but has relatively low sensitivity for its detection. Further investigation may identify additional biomarkers that are more efficient than seizure–menses calendars. ER  - 
Quality of life and mood assessment in conservatively treated cavernous malformation-related epilepsy$$$ Background: To estimate the quality of life, anxiety, depression, and illness perception in patients with medically treated cerebral cavernous malformation (CCM) and associated epilepsy. Methods: Nonsurgically treated patients with CCM-related epilepsy (CRE) were included. Demographic, radiographic, and clinical features were assessed. All participants received established questionnaires (short-form 36 health survey, SF-36; hospital anxiety and depression score, HADS-A/D; visual analogue scale score, VAS) assessing the functional and psychosocial burden of disease. To some extent, calculated values were compared with reference values from population-based studies. Test results were related to seizure control. Results: A total of 37 patients were included. Mean age was 45.8 ± 14.4 years, and 54.1% were female. Diagnosis of CRE was significantly associated with attenuated quality of life and increased level of anxiety, affecting physical and psychosocial dimensions. The assessment of illness perception identified considerable burden. HADS was significantly associated with VAS and SF-36 component scores. Efficacy of antiepileptic medication had no restoring impact on quality of life, anxiety, depression, or illness perception. Conclusions: CRE negatively influences quality of life and mood, independent of seizure control due to antiepileptic medication. Screening for functional and psychosocial deficits in clinical practice might be useful for assessing individual burden and allocating surgical or drug treatment. ER  - 
One-Year Sequelae and Quality of Life in Adults with Meningococcal Meningitis: Lessons from the COMBAT Multicentre Prospective Study$$$ Introduction: COMBAT is a prospective, multicentre cohort study that enrolled consecutive adults with community-acquired bacterial meningitis (CABM) in 69 participating centres in France between February 2013 and July 2015 and followed them for 1 year. Methods: Patients aged at least 18 years old, hospitalised with CABM were followed during their hospitalisation and then contacted by phone 12 months after enrolment. Here we present the prevalence of sequelae at 12 months in a subgroup of patients with meningococcal meningitis. Results: Five of the 111 patients with meningococcal meningitis died during initial hospitalisation and two died between discharge and 12 months, leaving 104 patients alive 1 year after enrolment, 71 of whom provided 12-month follow-up data. The median age was 30.0 years and 54.1% of the patients had no identified risk factor for meningitis. More than 30% reported persistent headache, more than 40% were not satisfied with their sleep and 10% had concentration difficulties. Hearing loss was present in about 15% of the patients and more than 30% had depressive symptoms. About 13% of the patients with a previous professional activity had not resumed work. On the SF-12 Health Survey, almost 50% and 30% had physical component or mental component scores lower than the 25th percentile of the score distribution in the French general population. There was a non-significant improvement in the patients’ disability scores from hospital discharge to 12 months (p = 0.16), but about 10% of the patients had residual disability. Conclusions: Although most patients in our cohort survive meningococcal meningitis, the long-term burden is substantial and therefore it is important to ensure a prolonged follow-up of survivors and to promote preventive strategies, including vaccination. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrial.Gov identification number NCT01730690. ER  - 
The use patterns of novel psychedelics: experiential fingerprints of substituted phenethylamines, tryptamines and lysergamides$$$ Background: Novel psychedelics (NPs) are an expanding set of compounds, presenting new challenges for drug policy and opportunities for clinical research. Unlike their classical derivatives, little is known regarding their use profiles or their subjective effects. Aims: The purpose of this study was to compile usage patterns and adverse event rates for individual NPs belonging to each of three main psychedelic structural families. Targeting the most widely used representatives for each class, we expanded on their phenomenological distinctions. Methods: A two-part survey was employed. We investigated the prevalence of novel phenethylamines, tryptamine and lysergamides in NP users (N = 1180), contrasting the type and incidence of adverse events (AEs) using a set of logistic regressions. Honing in on 2–4-Bromo-2,5-dimethoxyphenyl)ethanamine (2C-B) (48.6%), 1-propionyl-lysergic acid diethylamide (1P-LSD) (34.2%) and 4-Acetoxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine (4-AcO-DMT) (23.1%), we examined their phenomenological separability using a gradient boosting (XGBoost) supervised classifier. Results: Novel phenethylamines had the highest prevalence of use (61.5%) seconded by tryptamines (43.8%) and lysergamides (42.9%). Usage patterns were identified for 32 different compounds, demonstrating variable dosages, durations and a common oral route of administration. Compared to phenethylamines, the odds for tryptamines and lysergamides users were significantly less for overall physical AEs. No significant differences in overall psychological AEs were found. Overall model area under the curve (AUC) stood at 0.79 with sensitivity (50.0%) and specificity (60.0%) for 2C-B ranking lowest. Conclusion: NP classes may hold distinct AE rates and phenomenology, the latter potentially clouded by the subjective nature of these experiences. Further targeted research is warranted. ER  - 
Sex-based differences in the predisposing factors of overdose: A retrospective study$$$ Drug overdose is one of the common events encoun-tered in the emergency department (ED). The aim of the present study was to investigate the sex difference and predisposing factors of overdose in the ED. Data of 299 patients with self-poisoning reported at our poison center from January 2018 to August 2019 were retrospectively analyzed. Study cases categorized using the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision coding system, which include codes T36 to T50, were selected. Data were collected including Glasgow Coma Scale scores and vital signs upon arrival (including body temperature, heart rate, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure, sex, age, marital status, arrival time, season on admission, previous suicide attempts, psychiatric history, related comorbidities, recent arguments, categories of overdose with or without concurrent ethanol use, length of hospital stay, and survival to discharge) were analyzed. The top three types of substances that were frequently involved in drug overdose were benzodiazepine (42.9%), mixed medications (32.1%), and acetaminophen (6.1%). The 196 enrolled patients were aged 14 to 92 years (mean ± standard deviation, 39.2±18.3), and of these patients, male intentional overdose patients were 8.1 years older than their female counterparts (45.3±19.5 vs. 37.2±17.5, respectively; P<0.05). Most intentional overdose cases occurred during the spring season (n=63, 32.1%), especially in male patients (n=28, 57.1%; P<0.001). Approximately 11.2% (22/196) and 2% (4/196) of the total patients were admitted to the Toxicology ward and intensive care units, respectively. The length of hospital stay was 2±4.1 days. In summary, it is suggested that physicians notify the suicide prevention centers to be on alert for middle-aged men who are facing conflicts, especially during the spring season. ER  - 
Identifying Factors Associated with the Recurrence of Tic Disorders$$$ Tic disorders are neurological disorders that are prone to fluctuation and recurrence. It is important to study the factors related to disease recurrence and to subsequently provide suggestions for clinical treatment. A retrospective study was conducted to assess patients with recurrent and non‐recurring tic disorders diagnosed in the Pediatric Tic Disorder Clinic of the First Affiliated Hospital of Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, China, and to extract various factors—such as fetal status; medication, allergy, and family history; social and psychological factors; blood lead content; electroencephalogram (EEG); disease duration; type of tics; and disease severity—and identify factors associated with recurrence. The recurrence rate of tic disorders was approximately 45.10% in this study. The childbirth conditions, surgery/trauma, respiratory tract infection, allergy, stress, consumption of tiapride, and severity of tic disorders were factors related to and affected disease recurrence. ER  - 
Association of General Anesthesia and Neuraxial Anesthesia in Caesarean Section with Maternal Postpartum Depression: A Retrospective Nationwide Population-Based Cohort Study$$$ Although cesarean section (CS) has become a common method of child delivery in recent decades, the choice between general anesthesia (GA) and neuraxial anesthesia (NA) for CS must be carefully considered. Depending on the type of anesthesia used in CS, a major outcome observed is the occurrence of postpartum depression (PPD). This study investigated the association between PPD risk and the anesthesia method used in CS by using data from three linked nationwide databases in Taiwan, namely, the National Health Insurance Research Database, the National Birth Reporting Database, and the National Death Index Database. After propensity score matching by baseline depressive disorders, maternal demographics, status at delivery, infant’s health, maternal diseases during pregnancy, and age of partner, we included women who had natural births (n = 15,706), cesarean sections with GA (n = 15,706), and cesarean sections with NA (n = 15,706). A conditional logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of PPDs, including depression, sleep disorder, and medication with hypnotics or antidepressants, under anesthesia during CS. The prevalence rates of combined PPDs were 26.66%, 43.87%, and 36.30% in natural births, CS with GA, and CS with NA, respectively. In particular, the proportions of postpartum use of hypnotic drugs or antidepressants were 21.70%, 39.77%, and 31.84%, which were significantly different. The aORs (95% CIs) were 2.15 (2.05–2.25) for the included depressive disorders, 1.10 (1.00–1.21) for depression, 1.03 (0.96–1.11) for sleep disorder, and 2.38 (2.27–2.50) for medication with hypnotics or antidepressants in CS with GA compared with natural births. Women who underwent CS with GA had a significantly higher risk of depressive disorders and a higher need for antidepressants for sleep problems than those who underwent CS with NA. The risks of PPD were significantly associated with the anesthesia method, especially GA. Our results can assist physicians in carefully considering the appropriate anesthesia method for CS delivery, particularly with regard to postpartum drug abuse and drug safety. ER  - 
Serum ghrelin is positively associated with physiological anxiety but negatively associated with pathological anxiety in humans: Data from a large community-based study$$$ The orexigenic hormone ghrelin is being increasingly recognized as a stress hormone being involved in anxiety regulation. In animals, ghrelin effects on, and responses to acute stress differed from those in chronic stress, an animal model for anxiety and depression. In humans, elevated ghrelin levels were reported in pathological anxiety (e.g. panic disorder). However, no reports exist on physiological anxiety in mentally healthy subjects. In addition, reports on generalized anxiety symptoms, both in mentally healthy subjects (e.g. worrying) or in adult patients, are lacking. Total serum ghrelin was determined in 1666 subjects of a population-based cross-sectional study (‘LIFE’). The 7-item Generalized Anxiety Disorder Scale (GAD-7), detecting also other anxiety disorders, was administered. For multiple linear regression analyses, 1091 subjects were finally included. Serum ghrelin and GAD-7 scores were positively but not significantly associated in the total group (ß=0.00025, standardized β = 0.039, 95%CI: −0.00006;0.0006;p = 0.144), in subjects with no more than mild anxiety, there was a significant positive association (GAD-7 ≤9: n = 1061, 97.25%, β = 0.00032; standardized β = 0.060; 95%CI: 0.000023;0.00062;p = 0.036). In contrast, there was a negative association in subjects with anxiety symptoms above the GAD-7 cut-off (GAD-7 ≥10: n = 30, 2.75%, ß=−0.003, standardized β = −0.462; 95% CI:−0.006;0.0001;p = 0.045). Ghrelin levels were only numerically (p = 0.23) higher in subjects with clinically relevant anxiety symptoms (963.5 ± 399.6 pg/ml; mean±SD) than in those without (901.0 ± 416.4 pg/ml). In conclusion, the positive association between ghrelin and no more than mild anxiety is an initial indication for a role for ghrelin in the regulation of physiological anxiety in humans. This association and the opposed association in pathological anxiety resemble findings in animals showing diverging ghrelin effects in acute and chronic stress. ER  - 
Surgery After Primary Dexamethasone Treatment for Patients with Chronic Subdural Hematoma—A Retrospective Study$$$ Background: We aimed to quantify the need for additional surgery in patients with chronic subdural hematoma (CSDH) primarily treated with dexamethasone and to identify patient characteristics associated with additional surgery. Methods: Data were retrospectively collected from 283 patients with CSDH, primarily treated with dexamethasone, in 3 hospitals from 2008 to 2018. Primary outcome was the need for additional surgery. The association between baseline characteristics and additional surgery was analyzed with univariable and multivariable logistic regression analysis and presented as adjusted odds ratios (aOR). Results: In total, 283 patients with CSDH were included: 146 patients (51.6%) received 1 dexamethasone course (DXM group), 30 patients (10.6%) received 2 dexamethasone courses (DXM-DXM group), and 107 patients (37.8%) received additional surgery (DXM-SURG group). Patients who underwent surgery more often had a Markwalder Grading Scale of 2 (as compared with 1, aOR 2.05; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.90–4.65), used statins (aOR 2.09; 95% CI 1.01–4.33), had a larger midline shift (aOR 1.10 per mm; 95% CI 1.01–1.21) and had larger hematoma thickness (aOR 1.16 per mm; 95% CI 1.09–1.23), had a bilateral hematoma (aOR 1.85; 95% CI 0.90–3.79), and had a separated hematoma (as compared with homogeneous, aOR 1.77; 95% CI 0.72–4.38). Antithrombotics (aOR 0.45; 95% CI 0.21–0.95) and trabecular hematoma (as compared with homogeneous, aOR 0.31; 95% CI 0.12–0.77) were associated with a lower likelihood of surgery. Conclusions: More than one-third of patients with CSDH primarily treated with dexamethasone received additional surgery. These patients were more severely affected amongst others with larger hematomas. ER  - 
Sudden cardiac arrest in patients with schizophrenia: A population-based study of resuscitation outcomes and pre-existing cardiovascular disease$$$ Objective: Individuals with schizophrenia carry a high burden of cardiovascular disease and elevated rates of sudden cardiac arrest (SCA), but little published data is available regarding survival from SCA in this population. The authors compared cardiovascular disease burden and resuscitation outcomes following SCA in individuals with and without schizophrenia. Methods: Case-control analysis drawn from a prospective community-based study of SCA in a large community. The authors defined cases as having a pre-SCA history of schizophrenia, and controls as individuals with SCA without a history of schizophrenia. SCA cases with schizophrenia were compared to a 1:5 age- and sex-frequency-matched sample of SCA cases without schizophrenia. Results: The 103 SCA schizophrenia cases were as likely as the 515 cases without schizophrenia to have resuscitation attempted (75% vs. 80%; p = 0.24) and had a shorter 911 call mean response time (5.8 min vs. 6.9 min, p < 0.001). However, they were significantly less likely to present with a shockable rhythm (ventricular fibrillation/pulseless ventricular tachycardia 16% vs. 43%, p < 0.001), and less likely to survive to hospital discharge (3% vs. 14%, p = 0.008). Pre-arrest cardiovascular disease burden was similar in patients with and without schizophrenia. Conclusions: Despite comparable resuscitation characteristics and cardiovascular disease burden, patients with schizophrenia had significantly lower rates of SCA survival. The paucity of previous research into this phenomenon warrants further investigation to identify factors that may improve survival. ER  - 
Comorbid diseases among bullous pemphigoid patients in Germany: new insights from a case-control study$$$ Background and objectives: Bullous pemphigoid (BP) is associated with neuropsychiatric disorders. Other comorbid diseases are discussed controversially. We evaluated the prevalence of comorbidity in BP patients in a representative area of Germany. Patients and methods: Medical files of all BP patients treated at the Department of Dermatology, University Hospital Würzburg, Germany, between June 2002 and May 2013 were retrospectively reviewed. Bullous pemphigoid was diagnosed based on established criteria. For each patient, two controls were individually matched. Records were evaluated for age, sex, laboratory values, concomitant medication and comorbidity. Conditional logistic regression, multivariable regression analysis and complex regression models were performed to compare results. Results: 300 BP patients were identified and compared to 583 controls. Bullous pemphigoid was associated with neuropsychiatric disorders as well as laboratory abnormalities including leukocytosis and eosinophilia. Importantly, a highly significant association of BP with anemia (OR 2.127; 95 % CI 1.532–2.953) and renal impairment (OR 2.218; 95 % CI 1.643–2.993) was identified. No association was found with malignancy and arterial hypertension. Conclusions: Our data revealed an increased frequency of anemia and renal impairment in BP patients. In accordance with previous studies the strong association for neuropsychiatric disorders was confirmed (p < 0.0005). ER  - 
Identification of risk factors and distinguishing psychogenic nonepileptic seizures from epilepsy: A retrospective case-control study$$$ Introduction: Patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) experience significant morbidity and early mortality, secondary to delayed diagnosis. Better characterizing risk factors and exploring how PNES differentially affects sex and racial strata may facilitate earlier diagnosis. Methods: From a Hawaiʻi neuroscience institution, 101 PNES patients were investigated in relation to sociodemographic and medical comorbidities. Cases were compared to 202 sex-, age-, and race-matched controls—representing patients with neurological disorders (general controls)—, as well as 404 unmatched epilepsy controls. Results: Relative to general controls, PNES patients had increased odds (p < 0.05) of being: female, younger age, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander (NHPI), suburban origin, from the lowest income quartile, Medicaid beneficiaries, homeless, current/former smoker, illicit drug users (marijuana, opioids/narcotics, polysubstance abuse), have anxiety, depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, bipolar disorder, traumatic history, World Health Organization obesity class 3, traumatic brain injury, epilepsy, and somatoform disorder. In relation to epilepsy controls, PNES patients exhibited increased odds of being: employed, having attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, asthma, migraines, and chronic pain. Relative to females, male PNES patients exhibited increased odds of military insurance, diabetes mellitus type 2, and hypertension. Relative to Whites, the NHPI and Asian PNES patients presented increased odds of asthma, migraines, chronic pain, gastroesophageal reflux disease, and thyroid disease. Per multivariable logistic regression, anxiety was the only consistent predictor of PNES across all sex and race strata. Conclusion: Predictors of PNES's vary amongst the strata of race and sex. Lower socioeconomic status, along with several psychiatric and medical comorbidities, could increase a clinician's suspicion for earlier medical workup and diagnosis of PNES. ER  - 
Patient-reported outcomes and quality of life in PMM2-CDG$$$ Patient-reported outcomes (PROs) measure important aspects of disease burden, however they have received limited attention in the care of patients with Congenital Disorders of Glycosylation (CDG). We evaluated the PROs and correlation between clinical disease severity scoring and reported quality of life (QoL) in a PMM2-CDG patient cohort. Twenty-five patients with diagnosis of PMM2-CDG were enrolled as part of the Frontiers in Congenital Disorders of Glycosylation Consortium (FCDGC) natural history study. Patient- Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS) was completed by caregivers to assess health-related QoL. Clinical disease severity was scored by medical providers using the Nijmegen Progression CDG Rating Scale (NPCRS). The domains such as physical activity, strength impact, upper extremity, physical mobility, and a satisfaction in social roles (peer relationships) were found to be the most affected in the PMM2-CDG population compared to US general population. We found a strong correlation between NPCRS 1 (current functional ability) and three out of ten PROMIS subscales. NPCRS 2 (laboratory and organ function) and NPCRS 3 (neurological involvement) did not correlate with PROMIS. Mental health domains, such as anxiety, were positively correlated with depressive symptoms (r = 0.76, p = 0.004), fatigue (r = 0.67, p = 0.04). Surprisingly, patients with severely affected physical mobility showed low anxiety scores according to PROMIS (inverse correlation, r = −0.74, p = 0.005). Additionally, there was a positive correlation between upper extremity and physical mobility (r = 0.75, p = 002). Here, we found that PROMIS is an informative additional tool to measure CDG disease burden, which could be used as clinical trial outcome measures. The addition of PROMIS to clinical follow-up could help improve the quality of care for PMM2-CDG by facilitating a holistic approach for clinical decision-making. Synopsis: We recommend PROMIS as an informative tool to measure disease burden in PMM2-CDG in addition to traditional CDG disease severity scores. ER  - 
Exploring the influence of telehealth on patient engagement with a multidisciplinary Non-Epileptic Seizure (NES) Clinic during the COVID-19 pandemic$$$ The ILAE task force has identified a gap in treatment access for patients with nonepileptic seizures (NES) [1]. Access to multidisciplinary treatment clinics for adults with NES is limited with only 18 institutions delivering care across the United States [2]. Patient engagement has been low in the University of Colorado, NES Clinic treatment program despite our clinic's status as the only clinic of its kind in the mountain west. We analyzed patient factors of those who engaged in treatment before and after COVID-19 regulations were imposed and found a 23.6% increase in treatment engagement using telehealth. Those who engaged using telehealth were more likely to be of white race, of non-Hispanic ethnicity, publicly insured, employed, have a Charlson Comorbidity Index (CCI) of zero, a daily seizure rate of 0–1, did not have suicidal ideation or attempts, and live greater than 25 miles from the NES clinic. Delivering NES treatment via telehealth reduced the logistical and psychological barriers to initiating recovery and with a severe lack of accessible treatments for patients with NES, barrier reduction is necessary. This study describes patient factors that result in higher engagement with NES treatment using telehealth and emphasizes the importance of telehealth utilization to improve access to available treatment. ER  - 
Profiles of indigenous patients with epilepsy in a Brazilian village$$$ Introduction: Identifying epilepsy in local indigenous populations and describing its epidemiological, etiological, electroencephalographic, and therapeutic aspects can assist public health policies planning toward epilepsy in indigenous communities. Methods: This descriptive, cross-sectional study investigated epilepsy among indigenous people residing in Jaguapirú Village, Dourados, Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil. Participants had their clinical histories reviewed and physical examination performed, as well as one or more electroencephalograms (EEG) registered. Other laboratory tests and neuroimaging data available were analyzed and patients with nonepileptic paroxysmal events were additionally identified. Results: Out of 2,994 respondents, 49 had a confirmed diagnosis of epilepsy (2.37%) and 22 had self-limited epileptic syndromes, a rate that exceeds the global prevalence but is close to other data reported in the Brazilian population. Focal epilepsy, predominantly from temporal lobe origin, was the most prevalent epileptic syndrome (71.4%). Febrile seizures occurred in only 0.4% of respondents, much lower rate than reported in the general population, which can be attributed to the cross-sectional study design. The etiology of epilepsy was undetermined in 82.6% of cases, with the remaining cases attributed to head trauma, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, and brain malformations. A history of delayed neuropsychomotor development was significantly associated with epilepsy. Monotherapy with first-generation antiseizure medications was greatly effective in most epilepsy cases (87.7%). Electroencephalogram helped to define focal epilepsies and diagnose seizures of nonepileptic origin; the latter mostly included cases of psychogenic seizures and, less frequently, syncope. Conclusion: Diagnosing epilepsy, its clinical presentation, and therapeutical response profile in traditional communities is essential for the establishment of public health policies in developing countries and may help community involvement for successful treatment. ER  - 
Abstract No. 507 Safety and feasibility of adjuvant liposomal bupivacaine in superior hypogastric nerve block performed during uterine fibroid embolization$$$ Purpose: Post embolization syndrome following uterine fibroid embolization (UFE) manifests as severe cramping pain that lasts about 5-7 days. Superior hypogastric nerve block (SHNB) with bupivacaine has been demonstrated to significantly reduce pain after UFE but has a duration of effect of only 8-12 hours. Exparel (liposomal bupivacaine, Pacira Pharm, Parsippany, NJ) is an FDA-approved formulation which is intended to provide extended release, post-surgical, regional anesthesia for up to 72 hours. Liposomal bupivacaine has not been evaluated for SHNB. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and feasibility of liposomal bupivacaine as an adjuvant component to the standard bupivacaine in SHNB during UFE. Materials and Methods: A single-institution retrospective study of patients who received SHNH composed of a 0.25% bupivacaine and liposomal bupivacaine mixture from April 2021 to September 2021 was performed. Chart review was performed to determine complication, readmission and technical success rates. Results: Of the 14 SHNBs performed using liposomal bupivacaine, there was a 100% (n=14) technical success rate as judged by needle position and contrast injection on AP and lateral imaging and successful delivery of bupivacaine–liposomal bupivacaine mixture. 100% (n=14) patients were discharged home the same day and 0% (n=0) were re-admitted for an overnight stay or emergency room visit. There were no documented intra- or post-operative complications per the Society of Interventional Radiology Adverse Event Classification System. This includes neurologic and cardiovascular complications commonly associated with local anesthetic systemic toxicity such as seizures, visual disturbances, cardiac dysrhythmias or hypotension as well as adverse events attributed to SHNB technique, including discitis, osteomyelitis, hemorrhage and lower extremity sensory/motor deficits. Conclusion: This 6-month interim data suggests liposomal bupivacaine is a safe adjuvant to bupivacaine as a SHNB in patients undergoing UFE. Given the high technical success and safety profile, SHNB with liposomal bupivacaine should be further evaluated for efficacy in extending pain relief and decreasing opioid consumption in UFE recovery. ER  - 
Outcomes of epilepsy surgery in the older population: not too old, not too late$$$ OBJECTIVE The prevalence of epilepsy in the older adult population is increasing. While surgical intervention in younger patients is supported by level I evidence, the safety and efficacy of epilepsy surgery in older individuals is less well established. The aim of this study was to evaluate seizure freedom rates and surgical outcomes in older epilepsy patients. METHODS The authors’ institutional electronic database was queried for patients older than 50 who had undergone epilepsy surgery during 2002–2018. Cases were grouped into 50–59, 60–69, and 70+ years old. Seizure freedom at the last follow-up constituted the primary outcome of interest. The institutional analysis was supplemented by a literature review and meta-analysis (random effects model) of all published studies on this topic as well as by an analysis of complication rates, mortality rates, and cost data from a nationwide administrative database (Vizient Inc., years 2016–2019). RESULTS A total of 73 patients (n = 16 for 50–59 years, n = 47 for 60–69, and n = 10 for 70+) were treated at the authors’ institution. The median age was 63 years, and 66% of the patients were female. At a median follow-up of 24 months, seizure freedom was 73% for the overall cohort, 63% for the 50–59 group, 77% for the 60–69 group, and 70% for the 70+ group. The literature search identified 15 additional retrospective studies (474 cases). Temporal lobectomy was the most commonly performed procedure (73%), and mesial temporal sclerosis was the most common pathology (52%), followed by nonspecific gliosis (19%). The pooled mean follow-up was 39 months (range 6–114.8 months) with a pooled seizure freedom rate of 65% (95% CI 59%–72%). On multivariable meta-regression analysis, an older mean age at surgery (coefficient [coeff] 2.1, 95% CI 1.1–3.1, p < 0.001) and the presence of mesial temporal sclerosis (coeff 0.3, 95% CI 0.1–0.6, p = 0.015) were the most important predictors of seizure freedom. Finally, analysis of the Vizient database revealed mortality rates of 0.5%, 1.1%, and 9.6%; complication rates of 7.1%, 10.1%, and 17.3%; and mean hospital costs of $31,977, $34,586, and $40,153 for patients aged 50–59, 60–69, and 70+ years, respectively. CONCLUSIONS While seizure-free outcomes of epilepsy surgery are excellent, there is an expected increase in morbidity and mortality with increasing age. Findings in this study on the safety and efficacy of epilepsy surgery in the older population may serve as a useful guide during preoperative decision-making and patient counseling. ER  - 
Comparative Analysis of Line Immunoassay with Immunofluorescence Assay for the Identification of Autoantibodies in Patients with Suspected Systemic Autoimmune Disorders: A Cross-sectional Study$$$ Introduction: Systemic Autoimmune Diseases (SAD) are the diseases, including Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA), Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE), sjogren's syndrome, polymyositis, dermatomyositis, etc. where multiple organs are involved in the presence of a large variety of autoantibodies directed against one's own immune system at various levels. They are one of the major causes of death and disability in all age groups and are characterized by the presence of Antinuclear Antibodies (ANA) in the blood of patients. Aim: To comparatively evaluate the utility of Line Immunoassay (LIA) with Indirect Immunofluorescence Assay (IIFA) for the detection and identification of ANA in suspected SAD patients. Materials and Methods: The present observational, cross-sectional study was conducted on the collected samples of 560 clinically suspected SAD patients attending the Outpatient and Inpatient Departments (Medicine, Paediatrics, Orthopaedics, Dermatology and General Surgery) at Shri Ram Murti Smarak Institute of Medical Sciences, Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh, India (tertiary care hospital), from March 2016 to March 2020. Samples were subjected to ANA testing by IIFA and LIA. All variables anti-dsDNA, anti-Smd1, SSA/Ro and U1 SnRNP, SSA/Ro, anti Proliferating Cell Nuclear Antigen (PCNA) and PO/RPP, SSB/La, anti CENP-B, Scl70, AMA-M2 and Mi-2 included in the study were presented in the form of percentages. Performance of LIA was reported in terms of sensitivity and specificity at 95% confidence interval. Data was analyzed using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) version 22.0 (Chicago, IL, USA) for windows. Results: Samples of both male (n=229) and female (n=331) patient of age group ranging from 0-90 years with mean age of 38.2 years were studied. Out of 560 samples, 197 (35.17%) patients were found to be ANA positive by IIFA. The LIA was positive in 175 (31.25%) patients. Of these 175 positive patients, 92 (52.57%) had a recognised autoimmune disease with the most common diagnosis was SLE, found in 38 (41.30%). In comparison to IIFA the sensitivity and specificity of LIA was found to be 82.13% and 98.62% respectively with 92.63% accuracy. Conclusion: The combined analysis of IIFA and LIA can be very useful for rapid identification of ANA which strengthen the initiation of treatment at the earliest to reduce disease morbidity and mortality. ER  - 
Association of Aggression and Antiepileptic Drugs: Analysis Using the Japanese Adverse Drug Event Report (JADER) Database$$$ Aggression is the most common adverse effect of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). This study aimed to investigate the association of aggression with AED use. The reporting odds ratio (ROR) from adverse event reports, submitted to the Japanese Adverse Drug Event Report database between 2004 and 2020, was used to calculate and investigate the association between AEDs and aggression. We also analyzed the association of aggression with the combined use of AEDs and the relationship between AED-associated aggression and patient characteristics. A total of 433 patients developed aggression. Significant aggression signals were detected for perampanel (crude ROR: 325.04, 95% confidence interval (CI): 118.48-752.58, p < 0.01), levetiracetam (crude ROR: 17.14, 95% CI: 10.33-26.90, p < 0.01), lacosamide (crude ROR: 16.90, 95% CI: 2.02-62.51, p < 0.01), lamotrigine (crude ROR: 15.98, 95% CI: 9.99-24.39, p < 0.01), valproate (crude ROR: 6.68, 95% CI: 4.27-10.02, p < 0.01), and carbamazepine (crude ROR: 2.47, 95% CI: 1.17-4.59, p < 0.01). The combined therapy with perampanel and levetiracetam had a significant aggression signal (adjusted ROR: 25.90, 95% CI: 1.14-59.10, p < 0.01). In addition, we found that aggression frequently occurred in patients <60 year (adjusted ROR: 2.88, 95% CI: 1.49-5.56, p < 0.01) treated with levetiracetam. These results may be useful for minimizing the risk of aggression during the treatment of AEDs. ER  - 
Preconception risk factors and health care needs of pregnancy-planning women and men with a lifetime history or current mental illness: A nationwide survey$$$ Objectives While depression and anxiety are common in women and men of reproductive age, preconception interventions to optimize the health of individuals with mental illness before pregnancy is limited and focuses primarily on psychotropic medication management. Comparing individuals with depression, anxiety, and comorbidity to those with neither condition, we identified areas of preconception care optimization related to psychosocial risk factors, general physical health, medication use, and uptake of high-risk health behaviours. We also investigated differences in preconception health care use, attitudes, and knowledge. Method We conducted a nationwide survey of 621 women (n = 529) and men (n = 92) across Canada who were planning a pregnancy within five years, including those with lifetime or current depression (n = 38), anxiety (n = 55), and comorbidity (n = 104) and those without mental illness (n = 413). Individuals with depression, anxiety, and comorbidity were compared to individuals without mental illness using logistic regression, adjusted for age, sex, and education level. Results Individuals with a lifetime or current mental illness were significantly more likely to have several risk factors for suboptimal reproductive and perinatal outcomes, including increased rates of obesity, stress, fatigue, loneliness, number of chronic health conditions, and medication use. Further, they were more likely to have high-risk health behaviours including increased substance use, internet addiction, poorer eating habits, and decreased physical activity. By assessing depression, anxiety, or both separately, we also determined there was variation in risk factors by mental illness type. Conclusion Our nationwide study is one of the first and largest to examine the preconception care needs of women and men with a lifetime or current mental illness who are pregnancy-planning. We found this population has many important reproductive and perinatal risk factors that are modifiable via preconception interventions which could have a significant positive impact on their health trajectories and those of their future children. ER  - 
Study of Extrapulmonary Manifestations of COVID-19 patients$$$ Aim: To study extrapulmonary manifestations in COVID-19 patients. Material and methods: The present retrospective study was conducted among 200 COVID positive patients in the department of medicine, CSS Hospital, Subharti Medical College, Meerut. COVID-19 was diagnosed on the basis of the WHO interim guidance. Patients' diagnosis was identified along with the co-morbidity (if present). Laboratory investigations comprised of CBC and serum albumin detection. Extrapulmonary manifestations were defined as patients having predominantly neurological, gastrointestinal (GI), cardiovascular, cutaneous, and uncommon respiratory symptom such as hemoptysis either concomitant with typical respiratory symptoms or as the sole manifestation. Results: Fever was most frequent complain (n=97, 48.5%), followed by cough (n=76, 38%) and dyspnea was present in 51 subjects (25.5%). The most common respiratory symptoms was dyspnea (n=64, 32%). The most common cardiovascular symptoms was Dyspnea on exertion (n=54, 27%), followed by Palpitations (n=29, 14.5%). The most common GIT Symptoms was diarrhea (n=34, 17%), followed by Vomiting (n=13, 6.5%) and only 8 subjects (4%) reported abdominal pain. Dermatological symptoms were shown in 5 (2.5%) subjects. The most common musculoskeletal Symptoms was fatigue (n=103, 51.5%), followed by Myalgias (n=11, 5.5%) and Joint/Back Pain (n=4, 2%). Conclusion: Patients with COVID-19 require long-term follow-up even after recovery for observation and management of their post-COVID ailments. During the ongoing COVID-19pandemic, most health facilities are overloaded. Hence, arranging follow-up for patients can be a challenge. Therefore, a comprehensive rehabilitation program is essential for such patients during hospitalization and discharge. ER  - 
Comparative Study of Efficacy of 0.5% Ropivacaine and 0.25% Levobupivacaine When Used in Transversus Abdominis Plane Block for Post-Operative Analgesia in Lower Abdominal Surgeries$$$ Background: Transversus abdominis plane block (TAPB) is a regional anaesthesia technique. Analgesia is given following lower abdomen surgery, especially if parietal wall pain is a significant cause of suffering. Local anaesthetic deposition can be used to visually block the skin of the lower abdominal wall and the muscles over the Transversus Abdominis muscle. The goal of the investigation was to determine the efficacy of 0.25 percent Levobupivacaine and 0.5 percent Ropivacaine as analgesics in the Transversus Abdominis Plane Block for Post-Surgical Analgesia after Lower Abdominal Surgery. Material and Methods: 60 patients between the ages of 18 and 60 who underwent elective lower abdominal surgery and had an ASA grade I or II were included in the study. The TAP block was given using a double pop technique with an 18 gauge hypodermic needle. Rescue analgesia was provided postoperatively for a VAS of greater than 4. The drug of choice for treating pain was injection Tramadol. The criteria for rescue analgesia were also examined. Results: Both categories were equal in the demographic information. The diagnosis and the procedures carried out were the same in both courses. The drop in VAS score was equivalent in both classes. (P> 0.05). In the postoperative stage, rescue analgesia was required in both classes. Conclusion: Following lower abdominal surgery, Levobupivacaine and Ropivacaine produce comparable analgesia in the Transversus Abdominis Plane Block for Post-Surgical Analgesia. ER  - 
A STUDY OF CLINICAL AND SOCIO-DEMOGRAPHIC PROFILE OF CHILDREN WITH CONVERSION DISORDER IN A TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL IN CENTRAL INDIA$$$ Background: Conversion disorder is defined by the presence of deficits affecting the voluntary motor or sensory functions lacking any known neurological cause. It occurs as response to any underlying stressful situation. It is clinically important to evaluate the presence, type, and temporal relation of the stressors, resulting in conversion especially among children. The objective of this study was to study the socio-demographic and clinical profile of conversion disorder in children and attempt to identify the stressors in these children. Methods: This hospital based descriptive, cross sectionalwas conducted at a tertiary care hospital, central India. During study period of one year (January 2021 to December 2021), children with conversion disorder from 5 to 16 years of age, were enrolled for study from psychiatry OPD and IPD. Results: A total of 146 patients of conversion disorder were included in our study. Conversion disorder was more common in age group of 11-13 years (37%), females (59.6%), urban background (56.8%), nuclear family (67.8%) andmiddle class socio economic status (43.2 %) belonged to. The most common presenting symptoms were Pseudoseizure (19.8%) followed by fainting attack/giddiness (17.8%). Most common precipitating/ antecedent stressorswereschool/ education related matters (45.8%) and family related issues (38.3%). Conclusions: In the present study, various stressors found were mainly pertaining to academics, school, family/ relationship, socio-cultural and developmental. The varied clinical presentation and multiple doctor consultation also pose an additional challenge. This study brings forth the importance of team approach and joint effort between parents, teachers, physician, pediatrician and mental health professionals, who need to be more cognizant. ER  - 
NEUROLOGIC AND RADIOGRAPHIC FINDINGS ASSOCIATED WITH PAEDIATRIC INFLAMMATORY MULTISYSTEM SYNDROME TEMPORALLY ASSOCIATED WITH SARS-COV-2 (PIMS-TS)$$$ Objective Our aim was to report neurological manifestations of children with paediatric inflammatory multisystem syndrome temporally associated with SARS-CoV-2 (PIMS-TS). Methods Patients (<18yrs) presenting to Great Ormond Street Hospital between March 1, 2020, and June 21, 2020 fulfilling RCPCH PIMS-TS criteria, were included. Clinical and paraclinical features were retrieved retrospectively from electronic patient records. Results New-onset neurological symptoms/signs were reported in 23/45 (51.1%); headaches (n=16), encephalopathy (n=7), dysarthria/ dysphonia (n=6), hallucinations (n=4), ataxia (n=4), peripheral nerve involvement (n=3), and seizures (n=1). Five (21.7%) patients had CSF analysis; 1 patient had 118 leukocytes in CSF. Splenium signal changes were seen in 4/14 patients who had brain MRI. A mild excess of slow activity was found in 10/10 who had an EEG and mild myopathic and neuropathic changes were seen 4/5 who underwent nerve conduction studies and electromyography. Children with neurological involvement had higher peak inflammatory markers and were more likely to be ventilated and require inotropic support in PICU (p<0.05). Conclusions Children with PIMS-TS presented with new neurological symptoms involving both the central and peripheral nervous systems, in the absence of respiratory symptoms. Neurological symptoms were seen more frequently in more severe presentations. ER  - 
CASE REPORT: CAN LSD BE ASSOCIATED WITH CHRONIC EXPLODING HEAD SYNDROME?$$$ Introduction: Exploding head syndrome is a rare phenomenon characterized by a loud imagined noise at sleep onset. Less commonly, it is associated with a simultaneous stab of pain in the forehead. It may result in recurring arousals and anxiety regarding the events. The underlying pathophysiology remains unknown. Report of Cases: A 27 year old male with no past medical history presented to the sleep medicine clinic with a 2-year history of sleep-onset pain between his eyes, like “a flash of lightning,” associated with moderate to severe pain. He experiences “brain zaps” or “a jolt of electricity between his eyes every night.” He would yell and jolt out of bed due to this sensation. These episodes occur approximately 60 to 90 minutes after sleep onset almost every night, jolting him from sleep and lasting approximately 1 minute. He also has difficulty seeing in the dark and also eye twitching. He experiences palpitations, diaphoresis, and a sense of fear often with these episodes. He denies any neurological deficits or muscle jerks. He is not on any daily medications. He does not regularly use any sleep aids but has tried melatonin 3 mg in the past. Evaluation by ophthalmology has ruled out ophthalmologic and neuro ophthalmic causes. He does report use of illicit substances including lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD), marijuana, methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA), and cocaine. He did not experience any unpleasant effects after his first use of LSD, however within minutes of his second ingestion, he felt a sharp pain on his nasal bridge and forehead 10/10 in intensity. He states that since then, this pain has recurred almost every night. He does not have a family history of any neurologic disorders or migraines. The current plan for workup includes an in lab polysomnography with seizure montage and, if negative, a trial of a tricyclic antidepressant is planned. Conclusion: This case illustrates the potential issues after LSD use causing severe dopaminergic and serotonin surge with drug use and the value of a complete history. Awareness of a possible correlation is clinically useful and may serve as a caution in the use of recreational drugs. ER  - 
INTRAVENOUS VALPROIC ACID (IV VPA) IN ACUTE AGITATION: A PILOT STUDY IN AN ACUTE PSYCHIATRIC INPATIENT UNIT$$$ SCOPO DEL LAVORO: Agitation is a prominent clinical issue in both psychiatric and emergency department settings. Psychomotor agitation, which includes restlessness, excitability and dysphoria as primary symptoms, may evolve in aggression, thus putting patients and clinicians at risk. Pharmacological management of agitation is quite complex, often requiring different agents to obtain rapid tranquilization. Most studies focused on the use of antipsychotics and benzodiazepines: intramuscular injection of a typical antipsychotic is one of the most common choices, but it is associated with several side effects. As an alternative, Valproic acid (VPA), well known for its anti-manic and anti-epileptic properties, has also proven useful in the treatment of agitation; however, little is known on the potential usefulness of IV VPA in this context. Previous studies have highlighted that IV VPA during agitation episodes can anacalm the patients, with less side effects compared with typical antipsychotic drugs like Haloperidol. Our study is aimed at testing VPA's efficacy and tolerability in a small group of patients in an Acute Psychiatric Unit setting. MATERIALI E METODI: This retrospective observational study was conducted at our Acute Psychiatric Inpatient Unit, ASST Pavia Policlinico San Matteo. We included 18 patients admitted in a severe state of agitation between 2020 and 2021. Inclusion criteria: at least one episode of psychomotor agitation requiring pharmacological treatment; absence of hypersensitivity to VPA or other known major contraindication (hyperammonemia, liver diseases, coagulation disorders, thrombocytopenia, pregnancy); the patient provided informed consent after discussion of the risk/ benefit ratio of IV VPA off label administration documented in the medical records. IV VPA posology of 20 mg/kg/day at the recommended rate of 1mg/kg/hr was administered. Agitation severity was assessed by means of the Overt Aggression Scale, tolerability was evaluated using the UKU scale. The severity of the illness was evaluated with CGI severity scale (CGI-S) on admission. Vital parameters were collected before the administration and once it was over. RISULTATI: The demographic and clinical characteristics of our population are shown in Figure 1 and 2. After IV VPA every patient experienced a reduction of agitation, with effective prevention of other episodes (figure 3) avoiding recourse to further antipsychotic therapy or mechanical restraint. No significant side effects except for sedation were observed. CONCLUSIONI: IV VPA proved effective and safe in the treatment of agitation in an acute psychiatric setting. Our results increase the clinical relevance and usefulness of IV VPA as a valid alternative to antipsychotics in the management of agitation in emergency psychiatry settings and may represent a good strategy for agitation in different psychiatric conditions. However, given the limited sample size of our investigation, further studies are required to better evaluate such therapeutic option in terms of effectiveness, speed of onset and safety. ER  - 
Valproate using trends among women of childbearing age in Tunisia between 2015 and 2021$$$ Introduction: Valproate use among women of childbearing age has been related to fetal congenital malformations and neurodevelopmental disorders. Since 2013-2014, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has issued guidance to boost valproate-related warnings in order to reduce valproate use among women of childbearing age. In May 2018, the French Agency for the Safety of Health Products (ANSM) approved new restrictive measures including a contraindication of valproate in most cases of pregnancy, a pregnancy prevention program, educational material distribution, and changes in the product's information. Recent studies in Europe or other continents report mainly signs of an enduring decline in valproate use among females of childbearing age. However, in Tunisia, the lack of regulations restricting the use of valproate among young women was the trigger behind that work aimed to evaluate the change in the number of female valproate users in Tunisia from 2015 to 2021 referring to the therapeutic valproate monitoring data. Method: We conducted a retrospective study based on the department of clinical pharmacology database for six years (January 2015-December 2021). We included female patients aged between ten and 40 years. Results: We included 410 female patients aged between ten and 40 years. The median age was 15,53 years. Ninety-six point three percent of the patients were using valproate for epilepsy and 3.6% for bipolar disorder. The absolute number of female patients under 40 using valproate decreased by 54% between 2015 and 2020. By 2021 there was an increase of about 44% of the patients using valproate. Conclusion: The EMAand theANSMreferral approach of restricting the use of valproate in females of childbearing age was followed by a significant decline in the number of female valproate users in Tunisia. But the valproate prescription is mainly influenced by the other antiepileptic drugs availability which explains the increase of the female using valproate between 2020 and 2021. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Lamotrigine in patients with bipolar disorders: How to adjust dosage depending on plasma concentrations?$$$ Introduction: Clinical response to lamotrigine has a large inter-individual variability that may lead to treatment discontinuation. As for others antiepileptic drugs, therapeutic drug monitoring appears as a valuable tool for lamotrigine therapeutic optimization. However, if therapeutic drug monitoring recommendations are well documented for the use of lamotrigine in epilepsy, it is not as clear in bipolar disorders. The objective is to determine which lamotrigine dosage adjustments should be made depending on plasma concentrations in patients with bipolar disorders. Material and methods: We reviewed international guidelines in psychiatry and articles found on PubMed database concerning therapeutic drug monitoring of lamotrigine. Results: Among the 21 international guidelines reviewed, many recommended lamotrigine therapeutic drug monitoring in bipolar disorders. However, none of them mentioned any recommendation for dosage adjustment based on plasma concentrations of lamotrigine in bipolar disorders. In the literature, we only found six studies concerning the therapeutic drug monitoring of lamotrigine in bipolar disorders. Two prospective studies reported improvements in clinical response when plasma concentrations of lamotrigine were above 3.25 μg/mL. One retrospective study suggested a therapeutic range of 5-11 μg/mL. However, these studies were performed on small samples (N < 40) and three other studies showed no correlation between lamotrigine blood levels and clinical improvement. Discussion/Conclusion: Unlike in epilepsy, recommendations regarding therapeutic monitoring of lamotrigine in bipolar disorders are non-existent in guidelines and weak and variable in the literature. Yet, patients with bipolar disorders represent a population for which dosage adjustment is crucial in order to reach mood stabilization. It is therefore necessary to provide new information on lamotrigine dosage adaptation depending on plasma concentration with studies of larger samples. It would also be useful to study factors influencing lamotrigine plasma concentration and how strong they are correlate to it. ER  - 
Spreading depolarisations in ischaemia after subarachnoid haemorrhage (DISCHARGE-1), a diagnostic phase III study$$$ Background: Focal brain damage after aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage (aSAH) results from intracerebral haemorrhage (ICH), and early (ECI) and delayed (DCI) cerebral ischaemia. Aim: We investigated whether spreading depolarisation (SD) variables correlate to focal damage. Method: Consecutive patients who required neurosurgery were enrolled in six university-hospitals from 09/ 2009 to 04/2018. Subdural electrodes were implanted. Results/Conclusions: Longitudinal magnetic resonance images, and computed tomography studies, if clinically indicated, revealed that 162/180 patients developed focal damage during the first two weeks. During 4.5 years of cumulative recording, 6777 SDs occurred in 161/180 patients and 238 electrographic seizures in 14/180. Ten patients died early; 90/170 developed delayed infarction ipsilateral to the electrodes. Primary objective was to show that a 60-min cutoff for the peak total SD-induced depression duration of a recording day during delayed neuromonitoring (PTDDDdelayed) predicts delayed infarction with sensitivity >0.60 and specificity >0.80. Primary analysis was significant regarding sensitivity [=0.756 (95% confidence interval: 0.654-0.840), P=0.0014] but specificity was 0.588 (0.472-0.696), i.e. lower than 0.80 (P<0.0001). Nevertheless, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of PTDDDdelayed was 0.758 (0.685-0.831, P<0.0001) for delayed infarction and 0.878 (0.814-0.941, P<0.0001) for DCI (delayed neurological deficit and/or ipsilateral infarction). In secondary analysis, a new cutoff value of 180min indicated delayed ipsilateral infarction with a targeted sensitivity of 0.622 and specificity of 0.825, and the prespecified 60-min cutoff indicated DCI with a sensitivity of 0.740 and specificity of 0.815. The results suggest that PTDDDdelayed not only indicates impending infarction but also transitory neurological deficits. ER  - 
Neuro-psychiatric complications of COVID-19 in intensive care unit$$$ Rationale: Several studies have reported association between COVID- 19 infection and a plethory of neuropsychiatric complications whereas the neuropsychiatric damage is still contested. We aimed to describe the epidemiology of neuropsychiatric manifestations in patients hospitalized for confirmed severe COVID-19 pneumonia and determine its impact on patient's management and outcome. Patients and methods/Materials and methods: All data of confirmed COVID-19 patients hospitalized in Zaghouan's Hospital ICU between March 2020 and January 2022 were retrospectively analyzed. We collected epidemiological, clinical, prescribed medications and outcomes. Factors associated with neuropsychiatric complications and its impact on mortality were evaluated through binary logistic regression models, by comparing two groups: patients with or without neuropsychiatric manifestations. Results: Of the total of 365 patients included, 201 have developed neurologic and/or psychiatric manifestations during their hospital stay (55%). Median age was 58 [17-89] with sex ratio 1.3. Median SAPS II and APACHE II scores were 26 ± 8.3 and 7 ± 4.9 respectively. Fifteen patients had underlying psychiatric disease history and two had a history of ischemic stroke without sequelae. Neurologic disorders were described in 125 patients. It consisted on 118 episodes of headache, 6 ischemic strokes and 2 cases of encephalitis, one of which was symptomatic of status epilepticus; no peripheral nervous system involvement was reported. Psychiatric disturbance was seen in 121 patients. The most common manifestations were: an unexpected agitation in 79 patients, sleep disturbances in 25 patients, depressed mood in 20 patients, anxiety in 8 patients, delirium in 3 cases and confusion in 2 cases. Depression was manifested by reduced appetite and anorexia, tiredness and lack of energy and irritability. Management of patients consisted in majority of cases in long-acting benzodiazepine prescription alone or associated to neuroleptic agents. No differences were noted in demographic characteristics between patients who developed neuropsychiatric signs and the others. But active smoking was associated with the presence of neuropsychiatric signs (44.7% vs 31.7%, p = 0.034). At admission, the 2 groups had comparable respiratory exchange and laboratory findings. Presence of psychiatric signs was significantly associated with more use of invasive mechanical ventilation (49% vs 24.3%, p < 0.001), longer length of ICU stay (11 vs 7 days, p < 0.001) and higher ICU mortality (60% vs 33%, p < 0.001). Headache, the most common neurologic manifestation, alone was not associated with worse prognosis. Conclusion: Neuroinflammation associated to SARS-CoV-2 infection could be responsible for a wide and still unknown spectrum of neuropsychiatric disorders which are associated with poor prognosis and high mortality. Long term follow up is recommended to detect disability consequences of neuro-COVID. ER  - 
DELAYED DECLINE: A CASE OF DELAYED POST-HYPOXIC LEUKOENCEPHALOPATHY$$$ CASE: A 44 year old female with history of depression and recent suicide attempt presents with one week of cognitive and functional decline. One month prior to presentation, patient attempted suicide with opioids requiring intubation for respiratory depression and stroke sequelae. She was discharged from this stay after 12 days having returned to mental and functional baseline. Two weeks later, she demonstrated decreased focus and concentration, progressing to decreased mobility and akinesis, eventually presenting to our hospital. Admission metabolic and toxic workup was negative. CT head redemonstrated findings of previously known stroke. MRI demonstrated new increased T2 Flair of the parietal lobes and the cerebral white matter. LP was without evidence of infection or inflammation. Encephalitis panel and autoimmune workup were negative. Neurology consult suggested delayed post-hypoxic leukoencephalopathy as a possible diagnosis, given clinical course of improvement and subsequent decline, along with akinetic mutism and deep cortical white matter flair abnormalities. After failed trial of lorazepam, she was started on amantadine and her cognitive and functional status improved slowly. IMPACT/DISCUSSION: Delayed post-hypoxic leukoencephalopathy (DPHL) is a rare syndrome characterized by biphasic time course with initial recovery and subsequent cognitive and functional decline. DPHL can follow any event of prolonged cerebral hypoxia most frequently CO poisoning. It can occur with more common causes of hypoxia including overdose, cardiac arrest, and seizures; recent case reports have reported DPHL following severe covid infection. The clinical course involves a hypoxic event followed by a return to functional baseline typically lasting 7-21 days, after which progressive physical and mental decline occur. Signs include neuropsychiatric symptoms like amnesia and disorientation, as well as parkinsonism or akinetic mutism (1). The mechanism of DPHL is unclear. One possible mechanisms involves diffuse demyelination. The half life of myelin basic proteins is approximately 20 days, the length of the lucid interval. Hypoxia may abruptly halt the myelination process but symptoms may not emerge until a critical threshold of loss was achieved. Evaluation of DPHL involves considering other causes of encephalopathy, such as infection, substance use, stroke, catatonia, and toxins. In the absence of other causes, diagnosis of DPHL is based on characteristic time course following hypoxic event, symptoms, and MRI findings of diffuse T2 hyperintensity of cerebral white matter are pathognomonic (1). Treatment of DPHL is generally supportive. Limited evidence suggests amantadine may be of benefit. CONCLUSION: Physicians should consider DPHL in patients who have experienced cerebral hypoxia and present with the characteristic time course and imaging findings. ER  - 
Childhood Absence Epilepsy: Prevalence of neuropsychiatric comorbidities and predictors of treatment resistance$$$ Background: Seizures in childhood absence epilepsy (CAE) are typically easily controlled with anti-seizure medications (ASMs). Factors predictive of treatment resistance remain unclear. Our objectives were to assess prevalence of neuropsychiatric problems and factors influencing treatment resistance in a cohort of CAE at a single centre. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed patients with CAE diagnosed between January 1999 and December 2016 with at least 1-year follow-up. Treatment resistance was defined as failure to respond to two appropriate ASMs. Exclusion criteria included eyelid myoclonia with absence, myoclonic absence, and generalized tonicclonic (GTC) seizures prior to absence seizures. Results: The study population comprised 164 patients (65 males) with mean age at seizures onset of 6.1years. 21% had treatment-resistant seizures. The first ASM was Ethosuximide (63.4%), Valproic acid (23.2%), and Lamotrigine (6.7%). 32.9% of children had learning disabilities, 28.7% ADHD, and 12.8 % anxiety. A stepwise binary logistic regression analysis identified GTC seizures, learning disability (LD) and ongoing general spike and wave on EEG as predictors of treatment resistance. At last followup (average of 5.4 years), 43.3% of children were seizure-free off ASMs. Conclusions: 21% of children with CAE had treatmentresistant seizures. LD, GTC and failure of normalization of the EEG were associated with treatment resistance. ER  - 
Conversion disorder in an 18-year-old boy: a case report$$$ Introduction: Conversion is the transformation of a conflict (unconscious) into a somatic symptom or a “non-verbal way of expressing psychological discomfort”, through somatizations. The disorder suggests a neurological or medical disease, associated psychological factors appear and is not produced intentionally. Objectives: To describe a case of conversion disorder. Methods: Retrospective review of clinical records and complementary test, including psychiatry, electrophysiology and neurology. Results: An 18-year-old boy came to the emergency room for paralysis. He has anesthesia of lower limbs. He shows indifference towards this symthoms.He denies any stressful situation. On examination, no psychotic or affective symptoms were observed. Belle indifference. Blood tests and a cranial CT scan were performed without alterations, so the patient was admitted for study. The electromyogram, lumbar puncture and cranialmagnetic resonance show negative results. Suggestion is carried out, proving effective and recovering gait and sensitivity. These episodes are repeated up to 4 times until finally, during an interview with the family, episodes of bullying come to light. We work in therapy with a diagnosis of conversion disorder. Conclusions: The most frequent symptoms in conversion disorder are mutism, paralysis, anesthesia, blindness and seizures. It is usually monosymptomatic for each patient. Diferencial diagnosis with neurological pathology should be made. ER  - 
Antidepressants in epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Depressive disorders are one of the most frequent psychiatric comorbidity in epilepsy and they have a negative impact on the quality of life. Depression often requires antidepressant treatment. However, it is often left untreated in people with epilepsy, in part due to fear that antidepressants could cause seizures. Objectives: The goal of this study was to do a review and describe the evidence of the efficacy and safety of pharmacological treatment for depression in epilepsy. Methods: Review of literature sources were obtained through electronic search in PubMed database with special focus in papers published in the last 5 years. Results: The existing evidence of the effectiveness of antidepressants in treating depressive symptoms associated with epilepsy is still limited and response rate was highly variable. It is essential first to optimize seizure control and minimize unwanted antiepileptic drug-related side effects. As the first line of treatment you should consider the use of SSRI or IRSN. The improvement in depressive symptoms ranged from 25% to 82% according to the different studies and depending on the antidepressant administered. A review of the literature indicates that the risk of antidepressantassociated seizures is low although some antidepressants such as amoxapine or bupropion are not recommended. Conclusions: There are few comparative data to support the choice of antidepressant drug or drug class in terms of efficacy or safety for the treatment of people with epilepsy and depression. It would be important to design controlled trials of antidepressants in large cohorts of participants with epilepsy and clinically significant depression. ER  - 
Psychopathology after epilepsy surgery: a retrospective study$$$ Introduction: In patients submitted to refractory epilepsy surgery, psychiatric comorbidity is high (affecting 1 in every 3 patients), with descriptions of improvement, worsening and emergence of de novo psychopathology. Objectives: Identifying the prevalence of psychopathology and associated risk factors in a group of patients submitted to refractory epilepsy surgery. Methods: Retrospective observational study. Non systematic literature review. Results: We observed 42 patients, 45.2% female and 54.8% male, with an average age of 46.5 years (SD±11.6). The average age of presentation of epilepsy was 18.8 years (SD±12.7), 97.6% with temporal lobe epilepsy and 2.4% with parietal lobe epilepsy, 50% in each hemisphere. 19% had surgical complications and 40.5% had post-surgical recurrence of crisis. 45.2% presented with pre-surgical psychopathology (33.3% affective disorders, 16.7% anxiety disorders, 2.4% psychotic disorders, 2.4% neurodevelopmental disorders and 2.4% substance use disorders). Post-surgically, 50% improved, 20.8% maintained and 29.2% worsened their psychopathology and 21.4% had de novo psychopathology. We didn't find associations between the analyzed variables and the worsening or appearance of de novo psychopathology. Conclusions: The worsening or appearance of de novo psychopathology is a well known phenomenon in patients submitted to refractory epilepsy surgery. In our sample there were cases of improvement, maintenance, worsening and emergence of de novo psychopathology, however we weren't able to identify the factors associated with these different outcomes. Our study was retrospective and had a small sample, as limitations. Further, better-designed studies are necessary to identify risk factors for psychiatric disorders, allowing their effective prevention and treatment. ER  - 
Levetirazetam: antiepileptic-induced psychosis$$$ Introduction: Levetirazetam is an antiepileptic drug with psychiatric adverse reactions. It includes psychosis, paranoia or hallucinations. The frequency is less than 1%. Objectives: To describe a case of Psychosis produced by Levetirazetam Methods: Retrospective review of clinical records and complementary test, including psychiatry, electrophysiology and neurology. Diagnosis schales such as Salamanca Questionnaire were used as suport. Results: A 42-year-old woman diagnosed with tuberous sclerosis and undergoing treatment with levetirazetam acudes to the emergency department for behavioral disorders. She has presented an episode of aggression against a relative threatening him with a kitchen knife. The family reports that since the change in antiepilepticus 1 month ago, the patient has presented strange behaviors. Te Patient is conscious, uncooperative. Barely Approachable. Suspicious of her surroundings, with psychomotor restlessness, selfreference ideas and sparse speech. Auditory hallucinations seem to be present, as well as depressed and irritable mood. Psychic and somatic anxiety is found. Levetirazetam is discontinued, being replaced by valproic acid. Risperidone is started at a 3 mg dose. Treatment is well tolerated, and clinical stability is achived. Cluster A personality traits are found. Complementary test Blood and Urine simples, Imaging tests (CT and MRI), electroencephalogram and Electrocardiogram show no alterations Conclusions: Levetirazetam can cause psychiatric adverse effects. it is important to make a proper diagnosis before a first psychotic outbreak in later life. Drugs that can produce psychiatric side effects should be identified and patients should be inform. ER  - 
Physical Health and Mental Health Comorbidities of People With Functional Neurological Disorders Referred to a Community Neuropsychiatry Service Pre-& Post March 2020 Lockdown Due to COVID-19$$$ Aims. Health comorbidities contribute significantly to the development and maintenance of illness in patients with Functional Neurological Disorder (FND). As part of a service evaluation project, we investigated the physical and mental health comorbidities of people referred to a community neuropsychiatry service in East Kent, in one-year periods preceding and following the March 2020 lockdown due to COVID-19. Methods. We included all people accepted to the service between 23rd March 2019 and 23rd March 2021, where the reason for referral was Functional Neurological Disorder (FND) or Non-Epileptic Attack Disorder (NEAD). Referrals to the service for other reasons were excluded, as were declined referrals. Routinely collected data sources were reviewed and data stored in anonymized fashion. Data were analysed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). Results. Total number of referrals for FND in the 2-year period was 260, with 161 referrals for NEAD and 99 for other FND. In the pre-lockdown period, 163 patients were referred due to FND (101 with NEAD, 62 for other FND). There were fewer FND referrals in the post-lockdown period: 60 referrals for NEAD and 37 for other FND. The majority were female (74% pre-lockdown, 81% post-lockdown). Where ethnicity was recorded, White British was the most common (94% pre-lockdown, 90% postlockdown), with a small number of people from other ethnic groups (3.5% White Other, 1.4% BAME, 1.4% Mixed prelockdown; 5.4% White Other, 3.2% BAME and 1.1% Mixed postlockdown). Ethnicity was not specified in 21 cases (13%). Of the pre-lockdown group, 15 patients had prior contact with Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (9%), with 7 patients (7%) in the post-lockdown group. Many patients had previous contact with mental health services (47% pre-lockdown, 53% post-lockdown). The majority of patients had at least one physical illness (69% pre-lockdown, 73% post-lockdown). Most had 1-3 physical comorbidities but 9% (pre-lockdown, 7% postlockdown) had more than 4. Fibromyalgia (14% pre-lockdown, 12% post-lockdown), chronic pain (23% pre-lockdown, 21% postlockdown), and epilepsy (11%, 9%) were common. Over 90% had psychiatric illness in both periods. Most patients had 1-3 psychiatric illnesses; a few had more than 4 (6.1% pre-lockdown, 1.4% post-lockdown). Depressive disorder was the most common comorbidity in both groups (41% pre-lockdown, 44% postlockdown), followed by anxiety (35% pre-lockdown, 36% postlockdown). PTSD was present in 8% pre-lockdown and 8.2% post-lockdown. Conclusion. Physical and psychiatric comorbidities are common in people with FND; multidisciplinary working and liaison between services is crucial for care of these patients. ER  - 
Alcohol Screening on Admission to an Acute Mental Health Ward$$$ Aims. Alcohol misuse is estimated to cost the NHS 7pound;3.5 billion/ year. Only 6% of people suffering from alcohol dependence in England, receive treatment per year, highlighting that alcohol misuse is under-identified. During the COVID-19 pandemic, people have significantly changed their drinking habits, evidenced by government tax receipt data, suggesting alcohol sales increased by 3% to 5% in the UK compared to 2019. Problems associated with harmful alcohol consumption were intensified by the crisis, even though the long-term impacts of COVID-19 on alcohol consumption are uncertain. There was a notable increase of patients with dual diagnosis of mental illness and alcohol misuse on our ward, which is a general adult inpatient psychiatric ward. As such, the aim was to assess and improve alcohol screening on admission to an acute mental health ward. Methods. Through a System One review, we assessed whether alcohol consumption is documented on admission (within 72 hours) in units, and a validated screening tool is used (AUDIT-C), which was expected in all patients. Their notes were initially retrospectively analysed and subsequently reviewed approximately six weeks following the implementation of interventions. Interventions included presenting the findings of the primary survey to our colleagues during a multidisciplinary team meeting on the ward and a trust-wide audit meeting attended by both junior and senior doctors. Additional interventions included posters outlining the importance of alcohol screening in the interview rooms of the acute wards (including a QR code link to our presentation and findings). Results. Out of the 17 patients on the ward, 47% (8/17) were not appropriately screened for alcohol misuse during their first 72 hours of admission. 47% (8/17) had no documented alcohol history on admission clerking. Only 12% (2/17) had partially quantifiable alcohol intake, both drinking above the recommended weekly amount. None of the 'Current Drinker' patients had AUDIT-C screening. Improvement was noted following the interventions during the secondary survey. Conclusion. Although alcohol screening in acute psychiatric admissions is often vague or incomplete, simple reminders and education can improve screening. If the alcohol history cannot be obtained from the patient on admission, which is often the case, the clinician should clearly document review of notes for historical alcohol use, to avoid potential complications, such as alcohol withdrawal, delirium tremens or seizures. This project raises further questions on how effective brief interventions for excessive alcohol consumption in acutely unwell/psychotic patients are, encouraging a further area of research. ER  - 
Translating Phenomenology of Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures Into Nosology: Insights From Patients' and Caregivers' Profiles$$$ Background: Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) can be semiologically dichotomized into those with hyperkinetic and those with paucikinetic events. The objective of this study was to compare characteristics of patients with diverse phenomenology and their caregivers to evaluate for differences that could inform about disease nosology. Methods: Patients and caregivers monitored at the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit completed surveys about sociodemographic and disease characteristics, treatment and health care utilization, physical and psychosocial impact, and epilepsy knowledge. Patients were classified into hyperkinetic versus paucikinetic based on their recorded events. Comparison of the 2 populations was performed using Student t test for continuous variables and Fischer exact test for categorical variables. Results: Forty-three patients with Epilepsy Monitoring Unit confirmed PNES and 28 caregivers were enrolled. Patients with hyperkinetic events were more commonly non-White patients and necessitated greater caregiving time. Otherwise, no statistically significant differences were seen between the 2 semiologically diverse groups of patients and caregivers in their sociodemographic (age, sex, employment, income, marital, and education) and disease (age of onset, duration, seizures frequency) characteristics, treatment (number of antiseizure medications before diagnosis, side effects) and health care utilization (emergency room visits, hospitalizations, clinic visits), physical (injuries) and psychosocial (depression, anxiety, quality of life, stigma, burden) characteristics, nor in their knowledge about seizures. Conclusions: Hyperkinetic events were more frequently encountered in non-White patients and required more caregiving time. Further research is required to elucidate if phenomenological dichotomy of PNES can inform about their nosological basis, and if it can guide treatment and define prognosis. ER  - 
Cognitive and Mood Profiles Among Patients With Stiff Person Syndrome Spectrum Disorders$$$ An emerging body of evidence suggests that changes in cognitive and emotional function are common aspects of stiff person spectrum disorders (SPSD). We sought to examine the pattern of cognitive impairment and psychiatric symptoms in SPSD. Methods: A retrospective review of medical records was conducted for patients seen at the Johns Hopkins Stiff Person Syndrome (SPS) center from 1997 to January 1st, 2020. Individuals who had received formal cognitive testing as part of routine clinical care for patient-reported cognitive changes were included. Demographics, prevalence of cognitive impairment, psychoactive medication use, and clinically significant psychiatric symptoms were described. Results: Out of 205 patients screened, 20 completed cognitive testing (75% female, mean age 47.4 years). The most common domains of impairment were verbal learning and recall memory (n = 14, 70%), verbal fluency (n = 10, 50%), processing speed (n = 8, 40%), and attention (n = 8, 40%). 9/11 patients assessed for depression reported clinically significant symptoms, and 4/9 patients assessed for anxiety reported clinically significant symptoms. Conclusions: Screening for cognitive impairment in SPSD should utilize testing that assesses verbal learning and recall, phonemic verbal fluency, attention, and processing speed. Moreover, it is important to evaluate for co-existing depression and anxiety symptoms, as these are common in SPSD. ER  - 
Real-World Implementation of Neurosurgical Enhanced Recovery After Surgery Protocol for Gliomas in Patients Undergoing Elective Craniotomy$$$ Objective: To design a multidisciplinary enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) protocol for glioma patients undergoing elective craniotomy and evaluate its clinical efficacy and safety after implementation in a tertiary neurosurgical center in China. Methods: ERAS protocol for glioma patients was developed and modified based on the best available evidence. Patients undergoing elective craniotomy for treatment of glioma between September 2019 to May 2021 were enrolled in a randomized clinical trial comparing a conventional neurosurgical perioperative care (control group) to an ERAS protocol (ERAS group). The primary outcome was postoperative hospital length of stay (LOS). Secondary outcomes were 30-day readmission rate, postoperative complications, duration of the drainage tube, time to first oral fluid intake, time to ambulation and functional recovery status. Results: A total of 151 patients were enrolled (ERAS group: n = 80; control group: n = 71). Compared with the control group, postoperative LOS was significantly shorter in the ERAS group (median: 5 days vs. 7 days, p<0.0001). No 30-day readmission or reoperation occurred in either group. The time of first oral intake, urinary catheter removal within 24 h and early ambulation on postoperative day (POD) 1 were earlier and shorter in the ERAS group compared with the control group (p<0.001). No statistical difference was observed between the two groups in terms of surgical- and nonsurgical-related complications. Functional recovery in terms of Karnofsky Performance Status (KPS) scores both at discharge and 30-day follow-up was similar in the two groups. Moreover, no significant difference was found between the two groups in the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) scores. Conclusion: The implementation of the ERAS protocol for glioma patients offers significant benefits over conventional neurosurgical perioperative management, as it is associated with enhancing postoperative recovery, without additional perioperative complications and risks. Clinical Trial Registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (http://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=42016), identifier ChiCTR1900025108 ER  - 
Prescribing Trends for Valproate Among Pregnant Women: A Cross-sectional Study in 2013 and 2016 Using the French Health Insurance Database$$$ Background and ObjectiveTo describe the prescribing trends for sodium valproate (VPA) and alternative drugs during and around pregnancy, comparing 2016 (after the recommendations on valproate for women were reinforced by the European Medicines Agency [EMA]) with 2013 (before the recommendations).MethodsUsing the French National Health Insurance Database, a cross-sectional study was carried out in 2013 and in 2016, including women who became pregnant and had at least 1 reimbursement claim for VPA in the 2 years prior to pregnancy or during pregnancy. Exposure to VPA and its alternatives was then measured for each quarter, in the 2 years before pregnancy (preconception), during pregnancy, and in the year after pregnancy (postpartum).ResultsAmong pregnant women with epilepsy (n = 2,607 pregnancies), the proportion exposed to VPA during pregnancy decreased from 26.4% to 9.3% between 2013 and 2016, alongside an increase in lamotrigine and levetiracetam use. Among pregnant women with bipolar disorder (n = 4,278 pregnancies), the proportion of women exposed during pregnancy decreased from 3.7% in 2013 to 1.9% in 2016, without any switch to alternative drugs. In both populations, fewer than one third had consulted a specialist before pregnancy.DiscussionAs recommended by the EMA, a change in practice over the 2013-2016 period was observed, with fewer women exposed to VPA during pregnancy and before pregnancy. However, in 2016, a large number of women were exposed to VPA in the first trimester of pregnancy (n = 471), which could suggest that the timing of pregnancy should be better planned when possible. ER  - 
Effectiveness of a Self-Management Program to Improve Cognition and Quality of Life in Epilepsy: A Pragmatic, Randomized, Multicenter Trial$$$ Background and ObjectivesWe conducted a multisite, pragmatic replication trial at 4 New England epilepsy centers to determine the effectiveness of Home-Based Self-Management and Cognitive Training Changes Lives (HOBSCOTCH) in a real-world setting and to assess feasibility of a virtual intervention.MethodsHOBSCOTCH is an 8-session intervention addressing cognitive impairment and quality of life (QoL) for people with epilepsy (PWE). Participants were recruited from epilepsy centers in 4 states and block-randomized into the following groups: In-person HOBSCOTCH (H-IP), virtual HOBSCOTCH (H-V), and waitlist control. Outcome measures were assessed for all groups at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months; intervention groups received long-term follow-up at 9 and 12 months.ResultsA total of 108 participants were recruited, of whom 85 were included in this analysis (age at baseline 47.5 ± 11.5 years; 68% female). Participants completing the in-person intervention (H-IP) had a 12.4-point improvement in QoL score compared with controls (p < 0.001). Pairwise comparisons found a 6.2-point treatment effect for subjective cognition in the H-IP group (p < 0.001). There were no meaningful group differences in objective cognition or health care utilization at any time points and the treatment effect for QoL diminished by 6 months. The virtual intervention demonstrated feasibility but did not significantly improve outcomes compared with controls. Within-group analysis found improvements in QoL for both H-V and H-IP.DiscussionThis study replicated the effectiveness of the HOBSCOTCH program in improving QoL for PWE. The study was conducted prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, but the distance-delivered intervention may be particularly well-suited for the current environment. Future research will explore modifications designed to improve the efficacy of H-V and the sustainability of HOBSCOTCH's treatment effect.Trial Registration InformationClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02394509).Classification of EvidenceThis study provides Class III evidence that in-person HOBSCOTCH delivery improved subjective measures of cognition in persons with epilepsy. ER  - 
Well-being app to support young people during the COVID-19 pandemic: Randomised controlled trial$$$ Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and acceptability of 'Whitu: seven ways in seven days', a well-being application (app) for young people. Design Prospective randomised controlled trial of Whitu against waitlist control, with 45 participants in each arm. Participants 90 New Zealand young people aged 16-30 recruited via a social media advertising campaign. Setting Participants' homes. Interventions Developed during the COVID-19 pandemic, and refined from a prototype version that was evaluated during a smaller qualitative study, 'Whitu: seven ways in seven days' is a well-being app that, as its name suggests, contains seven modules to help young people (1) recognise and rate emotions, (2) learn relaxation and mindfulness, (3) practice self-compassion and (4) gratitude, (5) connect with others, (6) care for their physical health and (7) engage in goal-setting. It can be completed within a week or as desired. Main outcome measures Primary outcomes were changes in well-being on the WHO 5-item Well-Being Index and Short Warwick-Edinburgh Mental Well-Being Scale. Secondary outcomes were changes in depression on the Centre for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale, anxiety on the Generalised Anxiety Disorder 7-item Scale, self-compassion on the Self Compassion Scale-Short Form, stress on the 10-item Perceived Stress Scale, sleep on the single-item Sleep Quality Scale and user engagement on the end-user version of the Mobile Application Rating Scale and via qualitative feedback during an online survey. Outcomes were evaluated at baseline, 4 weeks (primary study endpoint) and 3 months, and analysed using linear mixed models with group, time and a group-time interaction. Results At 4 weeks, participants in the Whitu group experienced significantly higher emotional (Mean difference (md) 13.19 (3.96 to 22.42); p=0.005) and mental (md 2.44 (0.27 to 4.61); p=0.027) well-being, self-compassion (md 0.56 (0.28 to 0.83); p<0.001) and sleep (md 1.13 (0.24 to 2.02); p=0.018), and significantly lower stress (md -4.69 (-7.61 to -1.76); p=0.002) and depression (md -5.34 (-10.14 to -0.53); p=0.030), compared with the waitlist controls. Group differences remained statistically significant at 3 months for all outcomes. Symptoms of anxiety were also lower in the intervention group at 4 weeks (p=0.096), with statistically significant differences at 3 months (md -2.31 (-4.54 to -0.08); p=0.042). Usability of Whitu was high (subjective ratings of 4.45 (0.72) and 4.38 (0.79) out of 5 at 4 weeks and 3 months, respectively) and qualitative feedback indicated individual and cultural acceptability of the app. Conclusions Given the evolving psychological burden of the COVID-19 pandemic, Whitu could provide a clinically effective and scalable means of improving the well-being, mental health and resilience of young people. Replication of current findings with younger individuals and in other settings is planned. Trial registration number Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12620000516987). ER  - 
The prevalence and profile of autism in Sturge–Weber syndrome$$$ A systematic retrospective case note review was undertaken to investigate autism diagnostic factors in 124 individuals with Sturge-Weber syndrome (SWS). Social Responsiveness Scale questionnaires were then analysed to explore the severity and profile of autism characteristics in 70 participants. Thirty-two to forty percent of participants had a clinical diagnosis of autism and half of those without a diagnosis showed significant social communication difficulties. Children had a relative strength in social awareness and social motivation, which are typically much reduced in people with autism. This finding may explain why, to date, the diagnosis has often been overlooked in this population. The research therefore suggests that children with Sturge-Weber should be screened to identify social communications difficulties and provided with timely support. ER  - 
Comparison of the Clinical and Treatment Characteristics of Patients Undergoing Electroconvulsive Therapy for Catatonia Indication in the Context of Gender$$$ The aim of this study was to compare in the context of gender both clinical diagnosis and disease-related differences and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)-related differences in data and efficacy in hospitalized patients with catatonic signs and symptoms. Data from 106 patients who received ECT with catatonia indication were retrospectively analyzed. Clinical data of male (n = 58) and female (n = 48) patients were compared. Hospitalization documents and outpatient files, sociodemographic and clinical data form, Clinical Global Improvement scores used by the ECT unit in the follow-up of patients who received ECT were used in the study. It was seen that the mean age of women at the onset of ECT was higher than in men and the presence of prolonged seizures was more common than men. In men, it was found out that the average number of sessions with the onset of clinical response to treatment was higher than the average of women. The distribution of diagnoses by gender showed that the presence of schizophrenia diagnosis in men and of bipolar disorder in women were significantly more frequent compared to the opposite sex. It was found out that there were no significant differences between genders in terms of response rate to ECT. Our study is important for being the first study in the literature investigating the gender differences in ECT used for catatonia. However, gender is not a distinctive factor in the effectiveness of treatment, there are some important differences between male and female patients showing signs and symptoms of catatonia and undergoing ECT. ER  - 
The diagnostic yield of advanced imaging in dogs with Horner's syndrome presenting with and without additional clinical signs: A retrospective study of 120 cases (2000–2018)$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the diagnostic yield of advanced imaging in dogs with Horner's syndrome (HS) both with and without additional clinical signs. Methods: Retrospective review of clinical records from a UK referral hospital (2000–2018). Cases were excluded if HS was trauma- or surgery-related and if no advanced imaging with MRI or CT was performed. Imaging findings were assessed as well as any additional investigations performed. Results: One hundred twenty cases met the inclusion criteria; 88 with additional clinical signs and 32 with isolated HS. MRI or CT of head and neck was performed in 115 cases and/or thoracic CT in eight cases. Causative lesions were identified in 98% (86/88) of cases with additional clinical signs and 3% (1/32) of cases with isolated HS. This was statistically significant (p <.001). Pharmacological localization using phenylephrine (0.1%–10%) was accurate in predicting the site of a causative lesion in 79% (19/24) of tested cases. Overall, 28% (33/120) of cases were idiopathic, of which 49% (16/33) were golden retrievers. When compared to the overall hospital population, and UK Kennel Club records, this confirmed a significant predisposition in this breed (p <.001). No associations between idiopathic HS and concurrent systemic disease were identified. Conclusion: This is the first study to evaluate the diagnostic yield of advanced imaging in dogs with HS. Isolated HS is significantly more likely to be idiopathic than cases presenting with additional clinical signs; this could guide decision-making regarding further investigations performed in a clinical setting. Idiopathic HS is over-represented in the golden retriever. ER  - 
Clostridium piliforme infection (Tyzzer disease) in horses: retrospective study of 25 cases and literature review$$$ Tyzzer disease (TD) is caused by Clostridium piliforme, a gram-negative and obligate intracellular bacterium. The disease occurs in multiple species. A triad of lesions, namely colitis, hepatitis, and myocarditis, is described in cases of TD in some species, such as rats and mice. We carried out a retrospective analysis of 25 equine cases with a diagnosis of TD; 24 of 25 cases occurred in foals <45 d old; the remaining foal was 90 d old. There were 12 males and 12 females; no sex information was available for one foal. The affected breeds were Quarter Horse, Thoroughbred, Arabian, Paint, and Hanoverian. Most of the cases (19 of 25) occurred in the spring. There were 9 cases of sudden death; the remaining animals had diarrhea, fever, distended abdomen, depression, weakness, non-responsiveness, and/or recumbency. Gross findings included icterus, hepatomegaly with acinar pattern, serosal hemorrhages, pulmonary edema, and/or fluid content in small and large intestine. Microscopically, all foals had severe, multifocal, necrotizing hepatitis. Necrotizing lymphohistiocytic colitis was observed in 10 of 25 foals, and multifocal necrotizing myocarditis was found in 8 of 25. Gram-negative, Steiner-positive, intracytoplasmic filamentous bacteria were observed in hepatocytes, enterocytes, and myocardiocytes, respectively. PCR detected C. piliforme DNA in the liver (24 of 24), colon (20 of 24), and heart (5 of 25). Our results indicate that necrotic hepatitis is the hallmark of TD in horses; the so-called triad of lesions is not a consistent characteristic of the disease in this species. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental profile of HIVEP2-related disorder$$$ Aim: To characterize the neurodevelopmental profile and systemic features of HIVEP2-related disorder. Method: This study used retrospective medical history and standardized assessment data from Simons Searchlight to describe the clinical characteristics of 12 individuals (eight males, four females; age range 3y 3mo–12y 8mo; mean age [SD] 7y 7mo [2y 11mo]) with pathogenic HIVEP2 variants, focusing on their levels of adaptive functioning, autism symptomology, and emotional and behavioral characteristics. Results: Common features included neonatal complications, hypotonia, developmental delay, intellectual disability, language impairment, gastroesophageal reflux, and strabismus. A minority of individuals had epilepsy, microcephaly, or a movement disorder. Based on the Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales, Second Edition, affected individuals showed impairments in adaptive behavior (mean composite standard score [SD] 56.4 [10.2]; n=8). The cohort also had significant impairments in social problems, as measured by the Social Responsiveness Scale, Second Edition (mean total score [SD] 76.4 [11.3]; n=10) and clinically significant emotional and behavioral difficulties, as measured by the Child Behavior Checklist for ages 6–18 (mean total T score [SD] 66.9 [8.2]; n=8). Interpretation: These results show that individuals with HIVEP2-related disorder have impairments in adaptive and social-related behaviors as well as difficulties in emotional and behavioral symptoms. ER  - 
Validation of self-reported medication use applying untargeted mass spectrometry-based metabolomics techniques in the Rhineland study$$$ Aims: To assess the validity of self-reported continuous medication use with drug metabolites measured in plasma by using untargeted mass spectrometric techniques. Methods: In a population-based cohort in Bonn, Germany, we compared interview-based, self-reported medication intake with drug-specific metabolites measured in plasma (based on participants who completed their study visits between March 2016 and February 2020). Analyses were done stratified by sex and age (<65 years vs ≥65 years). Cohen's kappa (κ) statistics with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated. Results: A total of 13 drugs used to treat hypertension, gout, diabetes, epilepsy and depression were analysed in a sample of 4386 individuals (mean age 55 years, 56.1% women). Eleven drugs showed almost perfect agreement (κ > 0.8), whereas sitagliptin and hydrochlorothiazide showed substantial (κ = 0.8, 95% CI 0.71–0.90) and moderate agreement (κ = 0.61, 95% CI 0.56–0.66), respectively. Frequency of use allowed sex- and age-stratified analyses for eight and nine drugs, respectively. For five drugs, concordance tended to be higher for women than for men. For most drugs, concordance was higher among individuals aged ≥65 years than among individuals aged <65 years, but these age-related differences were not statistically significant. Conclusion: High concordance rates between self-reported drug use and metabolites measured in plasma suggest that self-reported drug use is reliable and accurate for assessing drug use. ER  - 
Potential drug–drug interactions when managing status epilepticus patients in intensive care: A cohort study$$$ Aims: The risk for drug–drug interactions (DDIs) associated with antiseizure drugs (ASDs) used to manage status epilepticus (SE) patients in the intensive care unit (ICU) has been poorly investigated. We aimed to quantify and describe those potential DDIs and determine SE patient risk profiles. Methods: We conducted an observational bi-centric cohort study including all SE patients admitted to the ICU in the period 2016–2020. Results: Overall, 431 SE patients were included and 5504 potential DDIs were identified including 1772 DDIs (33%) between ASDs, 2610 DDIs (47%) between ASDs and previous usual treatments (PUTs), and 1067 DDIs (20%) between ASDs and ICU treatments (ICUTs). DDIs were moderate (n = 4871), major (n = 562) or severe (n = 16). All patients exhibited potential DDIs, which were major-to-severe DDIs in 47% of the cases. DDIs were pharmacokinetic (n = 1972, 36%), mostly involving cytochrome P450 modulators, and pharmacodynamic (n = 3477, 64%), mainly leading to increased sedation. ASD/PUT DDIs were the most frequent and severe. Age, PUT and ASD drug numbers and length of ICU stay were significantly associated with increased DDI number. We identified four SE patient profiles with different DDI risks and outcomes including (1) epileptic or brain trauma patients, (2) withdrawal syndrome patients, (3) older patients with comorbidities and (4) self-poisoned patients with psychiatric disorders and/or past epilepsy. Conclusion: SE patients are subject to potential DDIs between ASDs, ASD/PUT and ASD/ICUT. Major-to-severe DDIs mostly occur between ASDs and PUTs. Physicians should pay attention to SE patient characteristics and history to limit DDI numbers and prevent their consequences. ER  - 
Early vascular toxicity after pediatric allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation$$$ Treatment-related mortality and morbidity remain a challenge in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). In this retrospective, single-center study, we analyzed endothelial damage as a potential, common denominator and mechanism for the adverse effects. We evaluated the prevalence of key vascular complications and graft-versus-host disease among 122 pediatric patients with an allogeneic HSCT between 2001 and 2013. The spectrum and frequency of acute adverse events emerging ≤100 days post transplant were graded according to the CTCAE 4.03 and analyzed. We identified a total of 19/122 (15.6%) patients with vascular complications, fulfilling the criteria of capillary leak syndrome, veno-occlusive disease/sinusoidal obstruction syndrome or thrombotic microangiopathy. The patients had a poorer overall survival (77% versus 26%, p < 0.001). Nearly one half (56/122, 45.9%) had at least one, severe (grade 3 or 4) adverse event. Patients with vascular complications had more often edema/effusions (p = 0.023), thrombocytopenia (p = 0.001), gastrointestinal bleeding (p < 0.001), acute kidney injury (p < 0.001), ascites (p < 0.001) or bilirubin increase (p = 0.027). These endotheliopathy-related adverse events appeared early post HSCT, varied in their clinical phenotype and predicted a poor outcome. An unrelated donor but not previous exposure to leukemia or irradiation-based conditioning was identified as a risk factor for vascular complications and endotheliopathy. ER  - 
Effect of rifaximin on infections, acute-on-chronic liver failure and mortality in alcoholic hepatitis: A pilot study (RIFA-AH)$$$ Background & Aims: Alcoholic hepatitis (AH) is associated with a high incidence of infection and mortality. Rifaximin reduces bacterial overgrowth and translocation. We aimed to study whether the administration of rifaximin as an adjuvant treatment to corticosteroids decreases the number of bacterial infections at 90 days in patients with severe AH compared to a control cohort. Methods: This was a multicentre, open, comparative pilot study of the addition of rifaximin (1200 mg/day/90 days) to the standard treatment for severe AH. The results were compared with a carefully matched historical cohort of patients treated with standard therapy and matching by age and model of end-stage liver disease (MELD). We evaluated bacterial infections, liver-related complications, mortality and liver function tests after 90 days. Results: Twenty-one and 42 patients were included in the rifaximin and control groups respectively. No significant baseline differences were found between groups. The mean number of infections per patient was 0.29 and 0.62 in the rifaximin and control groups, respectively (p =.049), with a lower incidence of acute-on-chronic liver failure (ACLF) linked to infections within the treatment group. Liver-related complications were lower within the rifaximin group (0.43 vs. 1.26 complications/patient respectively) (p =.01). Mortality was lower in the treated versus the control groups (14.2% vs. 30.9, p =.15) without significant differences. No serious adverse events were associated with rifaximin treatment. Conclusions: Rifaximin is safe in severe AH with a significant reduction in clinical complications. A lower number of infections and a trend towards a lower ACLF and mortality favours its use in these patients. ER  - 
Spectrum of Movement Disorders Among Children With Subacute Sclerosing Panencephalitis: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Background: Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis is a progressive devastating condition due to persistence of mutant measles virus, affecting children and adolescents, characterised by myoclonus, seizures, and neuropsychiatric issues. Movement disorders apart from myoclonus are reportedly uncommon. We aimed to describe frequency and proportion of movement disorders among children with subacute sclerosing panencephalitis, hypothesizing that these occur more frequently than previously reported. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, we enrolled children with subacute sclerosing panencephalitis between 1 month and 18 years of age who fulfilled the diagnosis of subacute sclerosing panencephalitis as per modified Dyken criteria, and examined them for movement disorders. We also assessed their clinical profile and disease severity via Jabbour staging and modified Rankin Scale score. We compared demographic, clinical, and laboratory features of children with and without movement disorders. Results: We enrolled 50 children (36 males; 72%) (age range 1.5-14 years). Of these, 28 (56%) had movement disorders. Among movement disorders, the most frequent was myoclonus (92%), followed by ataxia (9; 18%), chorea-athetosis (7; 14%), dystonia (6; 12%), tremor (4; 8%), repetitive behavior (4; 8%), and parkinsonism (3; 6%). Movement disorders were the presenting feature of subacute sclerosing panencephalitis among 7 children. There were no significant differences in clinical or laboratory features among children with and without movement disorders. Conclusions: Movement disorders were frequent in subacute sclerosing panencephalitis. Hyperkinetic disorders were dominant. Dystonia and chorea-athetosis occurred more commonly among nonmyoclonus movement disorders. Movement disorders may manifest even in earlier stages of subacute sclerosing panencephalitis and may be the heralding feature. Recognition of these features is important to plan management and reduce morbidity. ER  - 
Clinical outcomes in transient epileptic amnesia: A 10-year follow-up cohort study of 47 cases$$$ Objective: Transient epileptic amnesia (TEA) is a form of adult-onset epilepsy where presenting features are well described, but little is known regarding prognosis. This study aimed to elucidate the long-term prognosis of TEA regarding seizure control, memory, medical comorbidities, and life expectancy. Methods: Up-to-date clinical information was collected for 47 people diagnosed with TEA who had joined the The Impairment of Memory in Epilepsy (TIME) study 10 years earlier. At entry to the study, information about comorbid conditions was systematically collected. Details regarding subsequent diagnoses, seizure activity, changes to treatment, or reports of cognitive impairment were obtained through the family doctor. The variables of interest were compared with UK population data. Results: Mortality in the cohort was 21 of 47 (45%), with an average age at death of 82.5 years. Seizures remained well controlled for the majority but medications required adjustments in dose and type for some (28%). A small number (three cases) remained seizure-free without medication. History of cardiovascular disorders was frequent (78.7%), typically involving hypertension (55.3%). Autoimmune disorders (25.5%), cancer (23.4%), and depression (21.3%) were also commonly reported. Although persisting memory problems were often noted, dementia was diagnosed in seven cases (14.9%). Life expectancy and comorbidities in TEA did not differ from available population norms. Significance: Results suggest that life expectancy is not reduced in TEA. Although TEA does not appear to be a self-limiting form of epilepsy, seizures are typically well controlled via medication. Because adjustments to medication may be required, even after long periods of stability, ongoing medical monitoring is recommended. Comorbid vascular disorders are frequent but appear similar to general population estimates. Monitoring mood may be important, given that people with chronic conditions are often vulnerable to depression. Because of persisting memory difficulties, the development of effective memory interventions for people with TEA is warranted. ER  - 
Sustained seizure freedom with adjunctive brivaracetam in patients with focal onset seizures$$$ The maintenance of seizure control over time is a clinical priority in patients with epilepsy. The aim of this study was to assess the sustained seizure frequency reduction with adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV) in real-world practice. Patients with focal epilepsy prescribed add-on BRV were identified. Study outcomes included sustained seizure freedom and sustained seizure response, defined as a 100% and a ≥50% reduction in baseline seizure frequency that continued without interruption and without BRV withdrawal through the 12-month follow-up. Nine hundred ninety-four patients with a median age of 45 (interquartile range = 32–56) years were included. During the 1-year study period, sustained seizure freedom was achieved by 142 (14.3%) patients, of whom 72 (50.7%) were seizure-free from Day 1 of BRV treatment. Sustained seizure freedom was maintained for ≥6, ≥9, and 12 months by 14.3%, 11.9%, and 7.2% of patients from the study cohort. Sustained seizure response was reached by 383 (38.5%) patients; 236 of 383 (61.6%) achieved sustained ≥50% reduction in seizure frequency by Day 1, 94 of 383 (24.5%) by Month 4, and 53 of 383 (13.8%) by Month 7 up to Month 12. Adjunctive BRV was associated with sustained seizure frequency reduction from the first day of treatment in a subset of patients with uncontrolled focal epilepsy. ER  - 
Lacosamide in monotherapy in BTRE (brain tumor-related epilepsy): results from an Italian multicenter retrospective study$$$ Purpose: Lacosamide (LCM) is a third-generation anti-seizure medication (ASM) approved for focal onset epilepsy in patients aged ≥ 4.378 Previous studies have reported an efficacy of LCM as add-on treatment in brain tumor-related epilepsy (BTRE). To date, there are no studies in the literature focusing on lacosamide used in monotherapy to treat BTRE. In our retrospective study we investigated efficacy and tolerability of LCM in monotherapy in a multicenter national cohort of primary brain tumor patients. Methods: We collected from 12 Italian Centers 132 patients with primary brain tumors who were treated with LCM in monotherapy. For each patient we evaluated seizure freedom at 3 and 6 months (primary endpoints), side effects and drop-out rate (secondary endpoints). Results: Overall, LCM led to seizure freedom in 64.4% of patients at 3 months and 55% at 6 months. Patients who used two or more ASMs before LCM had a worse seizure control than patients in monotherapy with LCM as first choice. In 14 patients, we observed seizure control despite tumor progression on magnetic resonance (MRI). Multivariate analysis showed that gross-total resection at diagnosis was significantly associated with higher seizure freedom rate at 6 months. Side effects were mainly mild (grade 1–2 according to CTCAE classification) and drop-out rate was low (1.5%). Main side effects were dizziness and somnolence. Conclusions: This is the first study showing a good efficacy and tolerability of LCM when used in monotherapy in BTRE. Further prospective studies are needed to confirm these preliminary data, investigating also quality of life and neurocognitive functions. ER  - 
Cannabis use in patients with insomnia and sleep disorders: Retrospective chart review$$$ Background: Medical cannabis has been increasingly used in Canada after being sanctioned by Health Canada in 2001. Insomnia and sleep disorders are among the most common conditions for which patients report using cannabis. Current research shows cannabis may have a beneficial effect in sleep disorders and may improve patient-reported sleep scores. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted at Hybrid Pharm community pharmacy in Ottawa, Ontario, and included patients who were interested in, or already using, medical cannabis for sleep disorders. A qualitative, exploratory approach was taken to evaluate the descriptive efficacy and safety of medical cannabis when prescribed for insomnia or comorbid conditions. The comprehensive data collection also involved investigating the impact of cannabis on other medication used for insomnia. Results: A total of 38 patients were identified as having adequate follow-up documentation to assess the impact of medical cannabis. At time of data collection, 15 patients (39%) were able to reduce or completely discontinue a prescription medication indicated for sleep. On follow-up, 27 patients (71%) reported a subjective improvement in their sleep or related condition. Only 8 patients (21%) reported any adverse effects from medical cannabis use, and these were manageable and did not require discontinuation of cannabis. Conclusion: This study highlights the importance of a pharmacist’s role in the management of cannabis-based therapy, including ongoing supportive care, follow-up and medication management. Can Pharm J (Ott) 2022;155:xx-xx. ER  - 
Treatment Trials in Disorders of Consciousness: Challenges and Future Directions$$$ The evidence base supporting treatment interventions for patients with disorders of consciousness is limited, and rigorous treatment trials are needed to guide future management of this complex patient population. There are many potential study designs that can be employed to develop this evidence, but the process of selecting the optimal study design is challenging. This article reviews common obstacles that impede research progress in this population and a range of study designs that may be employed. In addition, we consider how the particular practical and scientific obstacles may drive selection of the optimal design and, in particular, how the optimal design changes as treatment research proceeds along the translational continuum from mechanistic discovery to real-world clinical impact. ER  - 
The Clinical Spectrum of Autoimmune-Mediated Neurological Diseases in Paediatric Population$$$ Neurological autoimmune diseases have various origins and pathogeneses. Specific antibodies are associated with paraneoplastic syndromes, other infectious agents, or inherited disor-ders. We aim to evaluate the relation between the autoantibodies, the chosen symptoms, demographic characteristics, and infection history. We retrospectively analysed 508 children during neurological diagnostics. We investigated serum antineuronal, IgG, IgM anti-ganglioside, and anti-aq-uaporin-4 in both the serum and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) anti-cell surface and anti-synaptic protein antibodies in 463, 99, 44, 343, and 119 patients, respectively. The CSF polymerase chain reaction detection of Herpesviridae, enterovirus, B19 parvovirus, adenovirus, and parechovirus involved 261 patients. We included available clinical information and electroencephalographic, radiologic, and microbiological results. The IgM anti-ganglioside antibodies increased the risk of tics and positive symptoms (p = 0.0345, p = 0.0263, respectively), the anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase particle of paresis (p = 0.0074), and anti-neuroendothelium of mutism (p = 0.0361). Anti-neuroendothelium, IgM anti-ganglioside, and CSF anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate antibodies were more often associated with consciousness loss (p = 0.0496, p = 0.0044, p = 0.0463, respectively). Anti-myelin antibodies co-occured with Herpes simplex virus (HSV)-2 IgG (p = 0.0415), anti-CV2 with HSV-1 IgM (p = 0.0394), whereas anti-glial fibrillary acidic protein was linked with past Epstein-Barr virus infection. The anti-ganglioside IgM and anti-myelin particles were bilaterally correlated (p = 0.0472). The clinical pictures may overlap, requiring specialistic diagnostics. We noticed the links between the infection aetiology and the specific autoantibody’s positivity. ER  - 
Reversibility of Central Nervous System Adverse Events in Course of Art$$$ The purpose of this study is to evaluate the frequency of central nervous system adverse events (CNS-AE) on dolutegravir (DTG) and non-DTG containing ART, and their reversibility, in the observational prospective SCOLTA cohort. Factors associated with CNS-AE were estimated using a Cox proportional-hazards model. 4939 people living with HIV (PLWH) were enrolled in DTG (n = 1179) and non-DTG (n = 3760) cohorts. Sixty-six SNC-AE leading to ART discontinuation were reported, 39/1179 (3.3%) in DTG and 27/3760 (0.7%) in non-DTG cohort. PLWH naïve to ART, with higher CD4 + T count and with psychiatric disorders were more likely to develop a CNS-AE. The risk was lower in non-DTG than DTG-cohort (aHR 0.33, 95% CI 0.19–0.55, p < 0.0001). One-year follow-up was available for 63/66 PLWH with CNS-AE. AE resolution was reported in 35/39 and 23/24 cases in DTG and non-DTG cohorts, respectively. The probability of AE reversibility was not different based on ART class, sex, ethnicity, CDC stage, or baseline psychiatric disorder. At the same time, a lower rate of event resolution was found in PLWH older than 50 years (p = 0.017). In conclusion, CNS-AE leading to ART discontinuation was more frequent in DTG than non-DTG treated PLWH. Most CNS-AE resolved after ART switch, similarly in both DTG and non-DTG cohorts. ER  - 
Aura Type and Outcome After Anterior Temporal Lobectomy$$$ Objective: Temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) is one of the most common causes of medically refractory focal epilepsy. Anterior temporal lobectomy (ATL) leads to improved seizure control in patients with medically refractory TLE. Various auras are associated with TLE; however, the relationships between aura type and outcome after ATL are poorly understood. Our objective was to investigate the associations among clinical features, aura type, and seizure outcome after ATL. Methods: The records of patients who underwent ATL between 1993 and 2016 at a single institution (N = 174) were retrospectively reviewed. Demographic and clinical variables were compared among aura types using analysis of variance and logistic regression analysis. A multiple regression analysis was conducted to determine whether aura type predicted seizure outcome after ATL. Results: Mesial temporal sclerosis (MTS) on magnetic resonance imaging inversely correlated with cephalic auras (P = 0.0090). Affective auras (P = 0.014) and somatosensory auras (P = 0.021) were correlated with findings of MTS on pathology, whereas this finding was inversely correlated with the presence of auditory auras (P = 0.0056). On multiple regression analysis, predictors of worse seizure outcome after ATL were cephalic auras (P = 0.0048), gustatory auras (P = 0.029), visual auras (P = 0.049), and tonic-clonic seizures (P = 0.047). Fewer preoperative antiepileptic medications (P = 0.0032), and presence of multiple auras (P = 0.011) were associated with better outcome. Conclusions: Cephalic auras, gustatory auras, and visual auras were associated with worse seizure outcome after ATL. ER  - 
Childhood-Onset Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia (HSP): A Case Series and Review of Literature$$$ Background: Hereditary spastic paraplegia (HSP) encompasses several rare genetic disorders characterized by progressive lower extremity spasticity and weakness caused by corticospinal tract degeneration. Published literature on genetically confirmed pediatric HSP cases is limited. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of childhood-onset HSP cases followed in the neuromuscular clinics at Children's and Emory Healthcare in Atlanta. Clinical presentation, family history, examination, electrodiagnostic data, neuroimaging, genetic test results, comorbidities, and treatment were recorded. Results: Sixteen patients with HSP (eight males, eight females) with a mean age 19 years ± 15.7 years were included. Ten patients (66%) presented with gait difficulty. Seven (44%) were ambulatory at the last clinic follow-up visit with an average disease duration of 7.4 years. Genetically confirmed etiologies included SPAST (3 patients), MARS (2), KIF1A (2), KIF5A (1), SACS (1), SPG7 (1), REEP1 (1), PNPT1 (1), MT-ATP6 (1), and ATL1 (1). Symptom onset to genetic confirmation on an average was 8.2 years. Sensory motor axonal polyneuropathy was found in seven patients, and two exhibited cerebellar atrophy on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain. Neurological comorbidities included developmental delay (n = 9), autism (n = 5), epilepsy (n = 3), and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (n = 2). Conclusions: In our study, a significant proportion (70%) of subjects with childhood-onset HSP had comorbid neurocognitive deficits, polyneuropathy with or without neuroimaging abnormalities, and rare genetic etiology. Genetic diagnosis was established either through inherited genetic neuropathy panel or whole-exome sequencing, which supports the utility of whole-exome sequencing in aiding in HSP diagnosis. ER  - 
Pseudoresistance in idiopathic/genetic generalized epilepsies – Definitions, risk factors, and outcome$$$ Objective: The aim of the study was to determine risk factors associated with pseudoresistance in a large, representative cohort of patients with Idiopathic/Genetic Generalized Epilepsy (IGE) and the impact of pseudoresistance on socioeconomic parameters. Methods: We performed a literature review on definitions of pseudoresistance in IGE. In an established cohort of patients with IGE from Funen, patients with current or previous pseudoresistant seizures were retrospectively identified based on a comprehensive evaluation of the patients’ medical records and direct patient contact, if required. In addition, clinical characteristics, socioeconomic, and demographic data were assessed. Personal interviews were used to determine the brief version of Barratts (BIS-8) impulsivity score. Results: The literature review provided the following definition of pseudoresistance: Seizures due to (I) lacking adherence to antiseizure medication (ASM), (II) incompliance to general rule of conduct, (III) psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), (IV) inadequate choice of ASM/dosage, and (V) incorrect classification of epilepsy. Applying criteria I-III to a cohort of patients with IGE (n = 499), 73 patients (14.6%) were currently pseudoresistant and 62 (12.4%) were previously pseudoresistant, but currently seizure free. Current pseudoresistance was associated with younger age, drug/alcohol abuse, lower rate of full-time employment, and higher BIS-8 scores. We found no associations of pseudoresistance with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy, psychiatric disease, specific seizure types, or number of seizure types. Patients with previously pseudoresistant seizures have tried more ASMs and were characterized by male preponderance, higher BIS-8, and higher rates of abuse. Surrogate markers for social outcome did not differ. Significance: In IGE, pseudoresistance may be defined as PNES or insufficient adherence to medication/conduct and is associated with younger age, drug/alcohol abuse, and higher scores for impulsivity. If transient, its impact on socioeconomic status remains limited but may be associated with a risk of overtreatment with ASM. ER  - 
Open surgery or laser interstitial thermal therapy for low-grade epilepsy-associated tumors of the temporal lobe: A single-institution consecutive series$$$ Outcomes of treating low-grade epilepsy-associated tumors (LEATs) in the temporal lobe with MRI-guided laser interstitial thermal therapy (MRgLITT) remain poorly characterized. This study aimed to compare the safety and effectiveness of treating temporal lobe LEATs with MRgLITT versus open resection in a consecutive single-institution series. We reviewed all adult patients with epilepsy that underwent surgery for temporal lobe LEATs at our institution between 2002 and 2019, during which time we switched from open surgery to MRgLITT. Surgical outcome was categorized by Engel classification at >12mo follow-up and Kaplan–Meir analysis of seizure freedom. We recorded hospital length of stay, adverse events, and available neuropsychological results. Of 14 total patients, 7 underwent 9 open resections, 6 patients underwent MRgLITT alone, and 1 patient underwent an open resection followed by MRgLITT. Baseline group demographics differed and were notable for preoperative duration of epilepsy of 9.0 years (range 1–36) for open resection versus 14.0 years (range 2–34) for MRgLITT. Median length of stay was one day shorter for MRgLITT compared to open resection (p=<.0001). There were no major adverse events in the series, but there were fewer minor adverse events following MRgLITT. At 12mo follow-up, 50% (5/10) of patients undergoing open resection and 57% (4/7) of patients undergoing MRgLITT were free of disabling seizures (Engel I). When comparing patients who underwent similar procedures in the dominant temporal lobe, patients undergoing MRgLITT had fewer and milder material-specific neuropsychological declines than patients undergoing open resections. In this small series, MRgLITT was comparably safe and effective relative to open resection of temporal lobe LEATs. ER  - 
Anti-aggressive effects of clozapine in involuntarily committed black patients with severe mental illness$$$ Introduction: Patients with severe mental illness are falsely characterized as aggressive by the media, perpetuating stigma. While exaggerated, some patients with severe mental illness are more aggressive without treatment. Clozapine may have a unique anti-aggressive effect in patients with schizophrenia-related disorders, independent of antipsychotic or sedative effects. Limited data in forensic and involuntary committed patients is currently available. Purpose: This study evaluates clozapine's effects on hostility and aggression in court-ordered Black patients. Methods: This study analyzes a subgroup of Black patients from a larger prospective 24-week open-label clozapine study. All patients were involuntarily committed and enrolled from two participating state psychiatric hospitals. The primary outcome measured was total use of ‘as needed’ (PRN) or ‘immediate need’ (STAT) medications for aggression/hostility. Secondary outcomes included number and duration of seclusion and restraint (S/R) episodes, and changes in Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) hostility factor score. Results: Sixty-nine patients were included in our analysis. Significant reductions were noted in PRN/STAT medication use over time (χ2 = 6.90; p = 0.008) and the BPRS hostility factor score was reduced by 30% over the 24 weeks (F = 4.34, df = 62, p = 0.002). Conclusions: Treatment with clozapine effectively reduced hostility and aggression within this cohort of involuntarily committed Black patients with mental illness compared to baseline. Specifically, it helped lower the total number of PRN/STAT medication administrations and improved clinician-rated hostility factor scores on the BPRS. Our findings are pertinent as data in forensic settings is lacking and Black patients have been infrequently included in large prospective clinical trials with clozapine. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02404155. ER  - 
Psychometric properties of the Lithuanian version of the patient-weighted inventory on quality of life in epilepsy$$$ Background: We aimed (1) to confirm that the Lithuanian version of the patient-weighted 31-item Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31-P) is a valid and reliable tool to be used among patients with epilepsy (PWE) in Lithuania and (2) to determine how the quality of life (QoL) is associated with demographic and clinical variables, adverse effects of antiseizure medication as well symptoms of depression and anxiety in this population. Methods: We used a translated and adapted Lithuanian version of the patient-weighted 31-item Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31-P) and conducted a cross-sectional anonymous survey among 303 adult PWE at a tertiary epilepsy center at Vilnius University Hospital Santaros Klinikos. The questionnaire also included the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E), the Generalized anxiety disorder scale-7 (GAD-7), and the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile scale (LAEP). Missing values were replaced after performing multiple imputation (MI). Results: QOLIE-31-P had high internal consistency (Cronbach's α = 0.933 for all items and α = 0.676 to 0.906 for individual subscales). Its factor structure (71.2% of variance explained) consisted of seven factors, some of which overlapped (“Emotional Well-Being” and “Overall QoL”) or were split (“Social Function”) in comparison to the pre-defined content of the subscales. Multitrait-scaling revealed that each item is better correlated with the subscale it is included in than other subscales, suggesting good convergent and discriminant validity. On average, PWE scored 69.9 ± 16.8 (n = 164, mean = 64.9 after MI) on the QOLIE-31-P. Results were higher among male PWE, those employed or studying and having a higher level of education. In a pooled multiple regression model (adjusted R¯2 = 0.700, p < 0.001), the NDDIE (βst = −0.230, p < 0.001), the GAD-7 (βst = −0.226, p < 0.001), the LAEP (βst = −0.406, p < 0.001), and seizure frequency (βst = −0.156, p < 0.001) were statistically significantly associated with total QOLIE-31-P scores. Conclusion: The Lithuanian version of the QOLIE-31-P demonstrates optimal reliability and construct validity to be applied in this population. It is strongly associated with seizure frequency as well as short instruments used to measure anxiety, depression, and adverse medication effects. ER  - 
Factors associated with caregiver burden of adults with epilepsy in a middle-income country$$$ Purpose: Despite the relevance of socio-economic background in burden of caregivers of persons with epilepsy (PWE), there is a dearth of knowledge about this topic in low-resource settings. Here we attempt to identify the extent of the burden in caregivers of adults with epilepsy in a middle-income country and the factors associated with it. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, we evaluated the level of burden with the Zarit Caregiver Burden Inventory. A comprehensive questionnaire was developed to assess the demographics of patients and caregivers. Epilepsy-related factors were obtained by interview and file review. Depressive, anxiety symptoms, and sleep quality were evaluated by Beck Depression Inventory, State and Trait Anxiety Inventory, and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index. Stigma was evaluated by the Stigma Scale of Epilepsy. Results: The caregiver's burden was mild to moderate in our sample. The factors most strongly associated with the higher caregiver burden were age-onset of epilepsy, PWE years of schooling, needs for assistance in daily life, disabilities, and caregiver's bad-quality of sleep and higher depressive and anxiety symptoms. Conclusion: Caregivers of PWE deserve special attention regarding mental health and other health aspects, such as sleep quality. ER  - 
Evaluation of one-year effectiveness of clobazam as an add-on therapy to anticonvulsant monotherapy in participants with epilepsy having uncontrolled seizure episodes: An Indian experience$$$ Objectives: To prospectively study the effectiveness and safety of clobazam as an add-on therapy in patients with epilepsy whose seizures are not adequately controlled with antiseizure medicine (ASM) monotherapy. Methods: We conducted a prospective, observational study at 28 neurology outpatient clinics in India from June 2017 to October 2019. Consecutive patients with epilepsy (older than 3 years) with inadequate seizure control with ASM monotherapy were initiated on clobazam. Patients were followed up at 1, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months. Seizure control and adverse events were assessed through personal interviews and seizure diaries. Results: Out of 475 eligible patients, data of 429 patients (men: 65.5%) were evaluated (46 excluded due to protocol deviations). The median age was 25 (range, 3–80 years) years and the median duration of epilepsy was 3 (0.1–30) years. The majority of patients had focal epilepsy (55.0%) and genetic generalized epilepsy (40.1%). The one-year follow-up was completed by 380 (88.5%) patients. At one-year follow-up, 317 (83.4%; N = 380) patients in the study remained seizure free. These 317 patients who were seizure free at 12 months comprised 73.9% of the evaluable population (N = 429). In 98.8% of patients, the primary reason for adding clobazam was inadequate control of seizures with treatment. During one-year follow-up, a total of 113 (22.6%) patients experienced at least one adverse event which included 103 (20.6%) patients who experienced 386 episodes of seizures. Conclusion: The study provides preliminary evidence that clobazam is effective and well-tolerated as add-on therapy for a period of one year among patients with epilepsy inadequately stabilized with monotherapy. Trial registration number: CTRI/2017/12/010906. ER  - 
Depressive Symptom Dimensions and Response Trajectories in Electroconvulsive Therapy and Magnetic Seizure Therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for severe depression. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) can potentially offer similar efficacy as ECT with fewer adverse side effects. This study investigates whether ECT and MST differentially act on depressive symptom clusters and explores clinical predictors of response. Methods: This was a secondary analysis of data from 72 participants in a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial comparing the efficacy of right unilateral ECT and MST. We conducted an exploratory factor analysis of Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) subitems at baseline, and latent class trajectory modeling (LCTM) to group participants into classes of response trajectories. We explored baseline clinical, demographic characteristics, and treatment covariates of response. Results: The HAMD subitems loaded onto four factors. ECT and MST had the greatest effect on the factor consisting of core depressive mood symptoms: hopelessness (loading score=0.77), depressed mood (0.61), work and activities (0.56), helplessness (0.53), worthlessness (0.44), psychic anxiety (0.40), and suicide (0.34). There was no difference between ECT and MST on the magnitude or speed of score reduction across the factors. LCTM identified three distinct classes of longitudinal response: rapid-response (N=11, 16.4%), linear-response (N=46, 68.7%), and non-response (N=10, 14.9%). Responders were more likely to have a family history of psychosis (p=0.039) or affective disorder (p=0.040). The three classes did not differ in baseline depression severity, age, sex, or treatment modality. Conclusions: MST exerts similar antidepressant action across all symptom dimensions compared to ECT. Future work is needed to identify predictors of response class with additional psychosocial and physiological covariates. Funding Source: Stanley Medical Research Institute Keywords: Electroconvulsive Therapy, Magnetic Seizure Therapy, Factor Analysis, Latent Class Analysis, Prediction of Response ER  - 
The association between engagement in a perinatal collaborative care program and breastfeeding among people with identified mental health conditions$$$ BACKGROUND: Untreated antenatal mental health conditions are associated with noninitiation and early discontinuation of breastfeeding. Whether interventions designed to optimize perinatal mental health can mitigate this association is unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine whether engagement of pregnant people with mental health conditions in a perinatal mental health collaborative care program was associated with differences in breastfeeding initiation and continuation and whether any observed association was mediated by changes in depressive symptoms. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort study included all pregnant people who were referred antenatally by their obstetrical clinician to a perinatal collaborative care program and who delivered viable neonates between January 2017 and June 2018. Pregnant people were dichotomized by whether they engaged in collaborative care services. Breastfeeding initiation (endorsed at delivery) and continuation at the postpartum visit were compared between individuals who did and did not engage in collaborative care using bivariable and multivariable analyses. Mediation analyses were performed to determine if any observed associations were mediated by improvements or remission in depressive symptoms. RESULTS: During the study period, 350 eligible pregnant people were referred to the perinatal collaborative care program because of an identified mental health condition. Of these people, 264 (75.4%) engaged in collaborative care. Compared with those who did not engage in collaborative care, people who engaged in collaborative care were more likely to initiate breastfeeding (168 [95%] vs 47 [87%]; P=.046) and continue breastfeeding at the postpartum visit (92 [74%] vs 20 [53%]; P=.012). These associations persisted after controlling for potential confounders (adjusted odds ratio for initiation, 3.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.09–9.98; adjusted odds ratio for continuation, 3.08; 95% confidence interval, 1.29–7.36). Neither association was mediated by improvements or remission in depressive symptoms. CONCLUSION: Although antenatal mental health conditions are a risk factor for lack of initiation or early cessation of breastfeeding, engagement in a collaborative care program was associated with improvements in both breastfeeding initiation and continuation. This association was independent of improvement in depressive symptoms, suggesting that the benefits of perinatal collaborative care may extend beyond its psychological impact. ER  - 
Sense of control, selective attention and cognitive inhibition in pediatric functional seizures: A prospective case-control study$$$ Purpose: To date, laboratory-based experimental behavioral methods have not been used to identify factors associated with pediatric functional seizures (FS), leaving a critical gap for effective treatment development. Methods: Children ages 13–18 with video-EEG-confirmed FS were matched to controls (MCs) based on income, sex, race, and age. A modified Stroop task which included a condition requiring participants to report the ink colors in which seizure symptom words were written (e.g., “shaking” in blue) measured selective attention and cognitive inhibition through response time. The magic and turbulence task assessed sense of control in three conditions (magic, lag, turbulence). Children with FS were asked to report premonitory symptoms predicting FS. Results: Participants included 26 children with FS and 26 MCs (Meanage=15.2, 74% female, 59% white). On Stroop, children with FS had a slower reaction time (Mean=1193.83) than MCs (Mean=949.26, p = 0.022) for seizure symptom words. Children with FS had significantly poorer sense of control in the turbulence condition of the magic and turbulence task (Mean=-3.99, SD=8.83) than MCs (Mean=-11.51, SD=7.87; t(20)=-2.61, p =0.017). Children with FS (Mean=-1.80, SD=6.54) also had significantly poorer sense of control in the magic condition than MCs (Mean=-5.57, SD=6.01; p =0.028). Ninety-eight percent of patients endorsed premonitory symptoms. Conclusion: Compared with MCs, children with FS have (1) poorer selective attention and cognitive inhibition when presented with seizure-related information and (2) lower sense of control (i.e. poorer awareness that their control was manipulated). Premonitory symptoms were common. Sense of control, selective attention, and inhibition may be novel treatment targets for FS intervention. ER  - 
Minimum clinically important difference (MCID) of the personal impact of epilepsy scale (PIES)$$$ Introduction: The Personal Impact of Epilepsy Scale (PIES) assesses patient functional status in subscales of (1) seizure impact, (2) medication effects, (3) mood & social status, and (4) overall quality of life. This study was designed to determine the Minimal Clinically Important Change (MCID) in PIES subscale and total scores that demonstrate improvement. Methods: To ascertain the correspondence of PIES score change and clinical status change (improved, same, worse) in each PIES subscale and total score, we used two distinct retrospective anchor-based assessments of clinical status (patient self-assessment and trained rater assessment) across two clinic visits. Mean PIES scores were compared between clinical status groups, controlling for days between visits and initial clinical status. Personal Impact of Epilepsy Scale score change was quantified for each group to determine MCID. A small prospective proof-of-concept study was conducted in a separate subject group. Results: Patient self-report anchor analysis demonstrated lower (better) PIES scores in the “improved” group vs the “worse” group on the mood & social subscale (p < .001) and total score (p = .002), with a similar trend on the seizure subscale (p = 0.056). Clinical rater anchor analysis demonstrated lower PIES scores in the “improved” vs “worse” group in the mood & social subscale (p = .029) and a trend in total score (p = .082). For the “improved” group, the reduction in PIES scores between visits averaged across both anchor analyses was 8.14% for subscales and 8.67% for total score. Discussion/Conclusion: Reduction of 8% on a PIES subscale or total score indicates meaningful improvement in patient clinical status, and is designated the MCID for this instrument. Personal Impact of Epilepsy Scale can be useful in day-to-day clinical care and as an outcome metric in clinical research. ER  - 
Early motor behavior of infants exposed to maternal mental health disorders — A South African perspective$$$ Introduction: Over the past five decades the bulk of research on exposure to maternal mental health disorders and infant neurodevelopment has been generated in high-income countries. The current study included infants, residing in low-income communities in South Africa, born to mothers with a history of psychiatric disorders. Aim: To assess the motor behavior of 10- to 20-week-old infants exposed to maternal mental health disorders, and a subgroup of infants with prenatal psychotropic medication exposure. Methods: The present study is a cross-sectional descriptive study, with a longitudinal subgroup analysis. General Movement Assessment (GMA), including the Motor Optimality Score-Revised (MOS-R), was used at 10–20 weeks corrected age to assess infant motor behavior. Results: The study included 112 infants. No significant difference (p = 0.523) was found on the MOS-R between infants exposed to maternal mental health disorders (n = 70) and the comparison group (n = 42). Both the exposed and comparison groups scored within the mildly reduced range on the MOS-R. No significant differences were found in a subgroup of infants with prenatal exposure to multi-class psychotropic medication (n = 17), mono-class psychotropic medication (n = 35) or valproate exposure (n = 10) (p > 0.1). Conclusion: No association was found between exposure to maternal mental health disorders or exposure to psychotropic medication and infant motor behavior at 10–20 weeks post-term age on the MOS-R. Future research should focus on the contribution of exposure to specific classes and types of psychotropic medication on neurodevelopmental outcome of infants in larger cohorts. ER  - 
Psychiatric and personality factors in pediatric functional seizures: A prospective case-control study$$$ Purpose: This study assessed psychiatric and personality characteristics in relation to pediatric functional seizures (FS). Methods: In a 1:1 prospectively matched-control study design, children with documented FS (confirmed via video EEG; ages 13–18) were matched to controls (MCs) on income, sex, race, and age. Primary outcomes were Behavior Assessment System for Children, Second Edition (BASC-2) and Millon Adolescent Clinical Inventory (MACI). Secondary measures included questionnaires assessing trauma, somatization, body awareness and quality of life (QOL). T-tests investigated differences between groups on T-scores. Due to lack of significant outcomes, an experimental analysis was conducted assessing differences in number of clinically elevated BASC-2 and MACI scores between groups. Binary logistic regressions determined the influences of clinically elevated scores on likelihood participants have FS. T-tests assessed differences on secondary measures. Results: Participants included 84 children, 42 with FS and 42 MCs (Children with FS: Meanage=15.4, Interquartile Rangeage=3; 73.5% female; 59.5% white). Children with FS had greater parent-reported somatization (t(23)=5.67, p<0.001) on BASC-2, greater somatization on CSSI-24 (t(35)=6.83, p<0.001), and poorer QOL (t(41)=-6.22; p<0.001) than MCs. There were no differences in clinically elevated BASC-2 or MACI scores compared to MCs and clinically elevated scores did not influence likelihood participants have FS. Conclusions: Children with FS had greater somatization and poorer QOL but similar rates of psychiatric symptoms, trauma, and maladaptive personality traits compared to MCs. Psychiatric or personality factors did not predict likelihood of FS. Explanations of pediatric FS should consider novel contributors to FS rather than relying solely on a psychiatric etiology. ER  - 
Plasma unmetabolized folic acid in pregnancy and risk of autistic traits and language impairment in antiseizure medication-exposed children of women with epilepsy$$$ Background: Fetal exposure to unmetabolized folic acid (UMFA) during pregnancy may be associated with adverse neurodevelopment. Antiseizure medication (ASM) may interact with folate metabolism. Women with epilepsy using ASM are often recommended high-dose folic acid supplement use during pregnancy. Objectives: The aim was to determine the association between UMFA concentrations in pregnant women with epilepsy using ASM and risk of autistic traits or language impairment in their children aged 1.5-8 y. Methods: We included children of women with epilepsy using ASM and with plasma UMFA measurement enrolled in the Norwegian Mother, Father, and Child Cohort Study (MoBa). Data on ASM use, folic acid supplement use, autistic traits, and language impairment were obtained from parent-reported questionnaires during pregnancy and when the child was 1.5, 3, 5, and 8 y old. Plasma UMFA concentrations were measured during gestational weeks 17-19. Results: A total of 227 ASM-exposed children of 203 women with epilepsy were included. Response rates at ages 1.5, 3, 5, and 8 y were 67% (n = 151), 54% (n = 122), 36% (n = 82), and 37% (n = 85), respectively. For 208 (94%) children, the mother reported intake of folic acid supplement. There was no association between UMFA concentrations and autistic traits score in the adjusted multiple regression analyses at age 3 y (unstandardized B: -0.01; 95% CI: -0.03, 0.004) or 8 y (unstandardized B: 0.01; 95% CI: -0.02, 0.03). Children exposed to UMFA had no increased risk of autistic traits at age 3 y [adjusted OR (aOR): 0.98; 95% CI: 0.2, 4.2] or 8 y (aOR: 0.1; 95% CI: 0.01, 1.4) compared with unexposed children. We found no association between UMFA concentrations and language impairment in children aged 1.5-8 y. Conclusions: Our findings do not support any adverse neurodevelopmental effects of UMFA exposure in utero in children of women with epilepsy using ASM. ER  - 
Racemic Ketamine as an Alternative to Electroconvulsive Therapy for Unipolar Depression: A Randomized, Open-Label, Non-Inferiority Trial (KetECT)$$$ Background: Ketamine has emerged as a fast-acting and powerful antidepressant, but no head to head trial has been performed, Here, ketamine is compared with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), the most effective therapy for depression. Methods: Hospitalized patients with unipolar depression were randomized (1:1) to thrice-weekly racemic ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) infusions or ECT in a parallel, open-label, non-inferiority study. The primary outcome was remission (Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale score ≤10). Secondary outcomes included adverse events (AEs), time to remission, and relapse. Treatment sessions (maximum of 12) were administered until remission or maximal effect was achieved. Remitters were followed for 12 months after the final treatment session. Results: In total 186 inpatients were included and received treatment. Among patients receiving ECT, 63% remitted compared with 46% receiving ketamine infusions (P =. 026; difference 95% CI 2%, 30%). Both ketamine and ECT required a median of 6 treatment sessions to induce remission. Distinct AEs were associated with each treatment. Serious and long-lasting AEs, including cases of persisting amnesia, were more common with ECT, while treatment-emergent AEs led to more dropouts in the ketamine group. Among remitters, 70% and 63%, with 57 and 61 median days in remission, relapsed within 12 months in the ketamine and ECT groups, respectively (P =. 52). Conclusion: Remission and cumulative symptom reduction following multiple racemic ketamine infusions in severely ill patients (age 18-85 years) in an authentic clinical setting suggest that ketamine, despite being inferior to ECT, can be a safe and valuable tool in treating unipolar depression. ER  - 
Impact of neurofibromatosis type 1 in an adult community population$$$ Background: Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) is a common tumor predisposition syndrome with varying manifestations and severity. Adult NF1 patients often experience fragmented care, so we sought to characterize the health and demographic features of a community-based population of adults with NF1 and hypothesized that lack of a specialty clinic for adult NF1 patients correlates with unmet needs. Methods: Retrospective case-control study of all adult cases of NF1 among 4.06 million medical records in a Pacific Northwest population. 122 case charts were reviewed to ascertain NF1 disease features, comorbidities, and severity of disease. A 1:1 control cohort was selected by matching case/control by age, sex, and ZIP code to compare demographic features and health status. Results: Adult NF1 patients were less likely to have private insurance, be employed, and have children, but were equally likely to be married. One half of cases had disease features compromising health and well-being, and care involved 26 different specialties. Excluding neurofibromas, 43% of cases had cancer compared to 10% of controls [P <. 0001, OR 5.38 (2.53-11.4)]. Only 27% of women ages 30-50 had undergone age-appropriate enhanced breast cancer surveillance. Behavioral health problems were found in 60% of NF1 patients compared to 37% of controls [P <. 001, OR 2.61 (1.52-4.50)]. 93% of cases referred to a NF1 specialty center underwent a change in management upon establishing care. Conclusions: NF1 patients may benefit from coordinated management of care in a specialty center. ER  - 
(PO-115) Newly Diagnosed Psychogenic Non-epileptic Seizures in the Context of Chronic Pain: Addressing Challenges in Management and Review of Literature$$$ Background: Functional neurological disorders (FND) are complex biopsychosocial disorders with a prevalence between 0.5-10% in pediatric patients (Doss, 2017). FND includes psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), which comprise up to 25% of all patients admitted to inpatient epilepsy monitoring units (Doss, 2017). Furthermore, literature shows that PNES cases are significantly associated with chronic pain syndromes (Gazzola, 2012). Anticipating the potential challenges in discussing diagnosis with families and coordinating care across multiple specialties is critical in providing empathic, appropriate, and cost-effective care. We present a challenging case of an individual with newly diagnosed PNES complicated by concurrent pain. Case: Mr. Z is a 16-year-old male with no psychiatric history and past medical history of pelvic floor instability. He presented to the hospital for constipation and abdominal pain, found to have PNES that involved violent thrashing and reports of intense pain. Multiple teams (physical medicine and rehabilitation, neurology, gastroenterology, psychiatry, physical therapy, anesthesia/acute pain, child life, social work, nursing, hospitalist) collaborated on a multidisciplinary approach to diagnose and treat this patient over several weeks. The episodes decreased in intensity and frequency. He was discharged with a SSRI, outpatient follow-up (pain specialist, psychiatry, and cognitive behavioral therapy), and medical equipment to ensure the patient’s safety at home. Discussion: The literature has shown that individuals with PNES also have somatic comorbidities, such as asthma, gastroesophageal reflux, head injuries, and pain (Elliot 2014). The existing guidance on treating these individuals is limited and focuses on the long-term treatments of FND with chronic pain (Tsui, 2017). Our case highlighted the specific challenges that a CL psychiatrist faces in the initial management of PNES with pain. Throughout the hospitalization, the tightly coordinated efforts of the multiple specialties consulted were paramount in establishing the diagnosis, discussing the diagnosis with the patient and family, managing episodes of PNES complicated by pain, and planning post-discharge care. Conclusion: CL psychiatrists play an important role in the comprehensive multidisciplinary management of individuals with PNES, especially when complicated by somatic comorbidities such as chronic pain. References: 1. Doss JL, Plioplys S. Pediatric Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures: A Concise Review. Child Adolesc Psychiatr Clin N Am. 2018 Jan;27(1):53-61. doi: 10.1016/j.chc.2017.08.007. Epub 2017 Oct 20. 2. Elliott JO, Charyton C. Biopsychosocial predictors of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. Epilepsy Res. 2014 Nov;108(9):1543-53. doi: 10.1016/j.eplepsyres.2014.09.003. Epub 2014 Sep 16. 3. Gazzola DM, Carlson C, Rugino A, Hirsch S, Starner K, Devinsky O. Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and chronic pain: a retrospective case-controlled study. Epilepsy Behav. 2012 Dec;25(4):662-5. doi: 10.1016/j.yebeh.2012.10.008. Epub 2012 Nov 17. 4. Tsui P, Deptula A, Yuan DY. Conversion Disorder, Functional Neurological Symptom Disorder, and Chronic Pain: Comorbidity, Assessment, and Treatment. Curr Pain Headache Rep. 2017 Jun;21(6):29. ER  - 
(PO-098) Gabapentin for the Treatment of Anxiety in a Patient with Acute Intermittent Porphyria: Case Report and Review of Literature$$$ Background: Acute Intermittent Porphyria (AIP) associated anxiety is described with both acute and chronic phases of the illness (Millward, 2005). It is challenging to treat given many psychotropics are associated with AIP flare-ups (Drug Safety Database Search, 2021). We present the first ever case we can find in the literature using gabapentin to treat anxiety in a patient with AIP during both phases of her illness. Case: Mrs. X is a 40-year female with a history of AIP, Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder who presented to the hospital for an AIP flare-up characterized by abdominal pain, nausea and poor oral intake. Consult was requested for treatment of acute exacerbation of her anxiety while in the hospital with an initial GAD- 7 score of 18. The patient had failed multiple trials on various SSRI/SNRIs, bupropion and buspirone due to side effects and lack of perceived efficacy. Also, there are limitations on certain psychotropics which have been documented to induce an AIP flare-up. The patient was started on gabapentin 100mg TIDand titrated to 200mg TID with reduction in anxiety while in the hospital. The medication was continued at discharge at 200mg TID. Over 14 weeks the patient continued to report improvement in her anxiety at a reduced dose of 200mg QHS with a GAD-7 score of 11 with marked improvements especially in feeling anxious or that something awful might happen. Additionally, she reported reduced impairment in overall daily functionality related to anxiety. There were no other psychotropics or psychotherapy trialed during this period. Discussion: AIP is characterized by a deficiency in the enzyme porphobilinogen deaminase resulting in improper heme production and accumulation of 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA). Subsequent neuronal damage by ALA can lead to a hypo-GABAergic state with 50% reduction in GABAergic synaptic sites reported in rats (Duque-Serrano, 2018). Thus, psychotropics that increase GABA levels may be helpful in treating anxiety, prompting us to choose gabapentin for this patient. Gabapentin is also considered safe in AIP patients, compared to certain benzodiazepines, along with its additional benefits for pain management and seizure control. Conclusion: It is important for C-L psychiatrists to be aware of AIP toxic effects on the GABA receptors and limitations of using certain psychotropics associated with disease flare-ups. Further studies are needed to establish gabapentin as an effective strategy for treating anxiety in these patients. References: 1. Millward L, Kelly P, King A, Peters T. Anxiety and depression in the acute porphyrias. Journal of Inherited Metabolic Disease. 2005;28(6):1099-1107. 2. Drug Safety Database Search. American Porphyria Foundation(2021) Retrieved April 1 2021 from: https://porphyriafoundation.org/drugdatabase/drug-safety-database-search/ 3. Duque-Serrano L, Patarroyo-Rodriguez L, Gotlib D, Molano-Eslava JC. Psychiatric Aspects of Acute Porphyria: A Comprehensive Review. Current Psychiatry Reports. 2018Feb2;20(5). ER  - 
(PO-157) Benzodiazepine Sparing Alcohol withdrawal Protocol Implementation in Post-surgical Head and Neck Cancer Patients$$$ Background: Alcohol use disorder is seen in about one third of patients admitted to the intensive care unit and is associated with high rates of morbidity and mortality (3.) Patients with head and neck cancer have rates of comorbid alcohol use as high as 30-60%, which can complicate recovery (1). Traditionally, withdrawal is managed by assessing symptoms with the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment (CIWA) and treating with as needed benzodiazepines or monitoring a benzodiazepine taper. Benzodiazepines perpetuate neurotransmitter dysregulation in alcohol withdrawal, but valproic acid can correct dysregulations of glutamic and GABAergic systems (2). Methods: We conducted an IRB approved retrospective chart review of patients admitted from January 2019 to February 2020 who had been admitted for head or neck cancer surgery and had concurrent diagnoses of alcohol use disorder. We juxtaposed this group to patients who underwent a standardized benzodiazepine sparing protocol from February 2020 to March 2021. We compared length of detoxification, benzodiazepine use, rates of delirium, length of stay, and CIWA scores. Results: In the initial population, 60% of patients underwent active alcohol withdrawal. Of these, 66.7% were given as needed benzodiazepines based on CIWA scores. 33.3% of patients in initial population received low doses of gabapentin. CIWA scores ranged from 2-8 in the initial group. Of the patients in the benzodiazepine sparing group 50% received valproic acid taper and 50% received Neurontin. Only one had an elevated CIWA score above 8, and only one patient had a onetime dose of lorazepam (for agitation). Discussion: This preliminary data demonstrates improvement in outcomes, increased control over withdrawal symptoms, reduced reliance of benzodiazepines, decreased CIWA scores, and minimization of episodes of agitation, and rates of delirium. Conclusions: In patients with significant medical comorbidities or post surgically, the utilization of a benzodiazepine sparing protocol is protective against alcohol withdrawal and possible autonomic instability, seizures or significant agitation (3). We have found significant benefit from proactive utilization of a benzodiazepine sparing protocol versus a traditional CIWA based reactive treatment model for alcohol withdrawal. References: 1. Genther, D. J., & Gourin, C. G. (2012). The effect of alcohol abuse and alcohol withdrawal on short-term outcomes and cost of care after head and neck cancer surgery. The Laryngoscope, 122(8), 1739-1747. 2. Maldonado, J. R., Sher, Y., Ashouri, J. F., Hills-Evans, K., Swendsen, H., Lolak, S., & Miller, A. C. (2014). The “Prediction of Alcohol Withdrawal Severity Scale”(PAWSS): systematic literature review and pilot study of a new scale for the prediction of complicated alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Alcohol, 48(4), 375-390. 3. Maldonado, J. R. (2017). Novel algorithms for the prophylaxis and management of alcohol withdrawal syndromes–beyond benzodiazepines. Critical care clinics, 33(3), 559-599. ER  - 
(PO-094) Dysgeusia and Appetite Loss: Thinking Beyond MDD and COVID-19$$$ Background: Dysgeusia is a distortion of taste sensation. Etiologies can include medications and Covid-19, among others. Dysgeusia may lead to appetite loss which is nonspecific and can have multiple causes, including major depressive disorder (MDD) (Coulter, 1988). Although post-marketing data revealed no association between nifedipine and dysgeusia (Ackerman, 1997), case reports of dysgeusia from nifedipine exist (Ackerman, 1997). We present a case of nifedipine-induced dysgeusia mistaken for depression. Case Report: A 42-year-old man with hypertension and diabetes was admitted to the hospital following right thalamocapsular and intraventricular hemorrhages. Hypertension was managed with metoprolol, lisinopril, nifedipine, and chlorthalidone. Levetiracetam was started for seizure prophylaxis. Medications included pantoprazole, simethicone, transdermal lidocaine, insulin, metformin, docusate, senna, and subcutaneous heparin. Psychiatric consultation was requested out of concern that appetite loss indicated depression. The day before psychiatric evaluation, mirtazapine 15 mg at bedtime for mood and appetite was started. Nifedipine 90 mg daily had been started 9 days prior to his first complaint of decreased appetite. The patient reported feeling disconnected from his family and “sad" for ∼10 years, complaining that family members “talk behind his back.” He was otherwise without paranoia. He denied insomnia, anhedonia, hopelessness, poor concentration, suicidal ideation, homicidal ideation, guilt, mania, or hallucinations. He reported poor appetite due to epigastric discomfort and bad taste to foods. Covid-19 testing was not yet widely available. No other signs or symptoms suggestive of Covid-19 were present. Although alert and fully oriented, concentration was impaired with sometimes tangential thought processes. Affect was full without depression. A diagnosis of adjustment disorder was made. The psychiatry team suspected nifedipine-induced dysgeusia and advised discontinuing nifedipine. Appetite improved two days later. Discussion: This case highlights the importance of considering alternative causes of nonspecific symptoms of depression, including decreased appetite, that may have non-psychiatric causes. Dysgeusia is widely recognized as a symptom of Covid-19. Other causes, including medications may be underrecognized and amenable to intervention. Conclusion: It would be helpful to consider medication side-effects as potential causes for taste distortion alongside psychiatric diagnoses, and COVID-19. References: 1. Coulter DM: Eye pain with nifedipine and disturbance of taste with captopril: a mutually controlled study showing a method of post marketing surveillance BMJ 1988; 296: 1086–8. 2. Ackerman BH, Kasbekar N: Disturbances of taste and smell induced by drugs. Pharmacotherapy 1997;17(3):482-96. ER  - 
(PO-078) An Older Man with Anti-NMDA Receptor Encephalitis: Case Report and Review of Literature$$$ Background: Anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis is characterized by rapid progression of psychiatric and cognitive symptoms secondary to autoimmune destruction of the GluN1 subunit of NMDA receptors and is most common in young female patients subsequently diagnosed with ovarian teratomas (Gurrera, 2019). With prevalent psychiatric symptoms, many patients initially present to psychiatry, leading to misdiagnosis and delay in treatment (Marinova, 2019). We report the case of a 76-year-old male who presented with acute deterioration of mental status, catatonia, and psychosis who was diagnosed with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis. Case: The patient is a 76-year-old man with past medical history of prostate cancer and no past psychiatric history, who presented with altered mental status including catatonic symptoms. He had presented to two other hospitals 2-3 weeks earlier with related symptoms, was diagnosed with dementia and myasthenia gravis and discharged to a rehab facility without further workup. During rehab, he reported headaches and dizziness to a friend. Prior to the onset of his illness, he was an active, intellectual, high functioning adult with no history of dementia or confusion. His acute decline led to a wide differential and psychiatry was consulted. There were no abnormal findings on MRI and vEEG indicated encephalopathy. Lumbar puncture results were positive for anti-NMDA receptor antibodies. The patient was treated with IVIG and steroids, after which the patient's symptoms significantly improved. Discussion: We describe a unique case, as literature shows that anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis affects females four times as frequently as males and only about 5% of those affected are above 45 years old (Irvine, 2020). This patient presented with very few classic signs of encephalitis such as seizures, photophobia, neck pain/stiffness, but did have headaches, and on chart review, his presentation was not atypical for anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis. It is possible that the fact that the patient was an older male led to a delay in diagnosis, as he had presented to two hospitals previously without work up for encephalitis. Conclusion: Inclusion of autoimmune encephalitides in the differential of such patients should be considered to avoid delay in diagnosis and treatment and thus further progression of disease. Potential retrospective study on the time frame of inclusion of disease within differentials and initiation of treatment could be clinically beneficial for improving prognosis. References: 1. Gurrera RJ. Frequency and temporal sequence of clinical features in adults with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis presenting with psychiatric symptoms. Psychol Med. 2019 Dec;49(16):2709-2716 2. Marinova Z, Bausch-Becker N, Savaskan E. Anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis in an older patient presenting with a rapid onset of delusions and amnesia. BMJ Case Rep. 2019 Apr 15;12(4):e228512. 3. Irvine E, Cheng D, Xiao D. Atypical presentation of anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis in a 61-year-old Hispanic man. BMJ Case Rep. 2020 Dec 10;13(12):e238347 ER  - 
(PO-007) Psychosis in Leucine-rich glioma-inactivated 1 (LGI1) Antibody Encephalitis: A Case Report$$$ Background: Leucine-rich glioma-inactivated 1 (LGI1) antibody encephalitis is a rare autoimmune voltage-gated potassium channel complex (VGKC) antibody-associated limbic encephalitis. In addition to the common symptoms of limbic encephalitis such as cognitive impairment, seizures, and psychiatric disorders, this disease is also associated with faciobrachial dystonic seizures (FBDS) and refractory hyponatremia. Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) commonly but not always shows hippocampal and temporal T2 hyperintensity. LGI1 antibody encephalitis is rarely accompanied by tumors and shows a good response to immunotherapy (Li et al, 2018). Case: The patient is a 66-year-old male with no prior cognitive or psychiatric issues, who presented to the medical hospital initially for altered mental status and was found to have hyponatremia. Brain MRI showed increased flair signal involving bilateral medial temporal lobes. Electroencephalogram (EEG) showed generalized slowing and irregular theta waves. Cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) analysis was positive for Human Herpes Virus 6 (HHV6) antibodies and HHV6 triggered autoimmune encephalitis was suspected. The patient was treated with Ganciclovir for 3 weeks and 4 sessions of Plasma-Exchange (PLEX). He presented after a month with generalized tonic-clonic seizures, agitation, paranoia and was successfully treated with Valproic acid, Risperidone, Haloperidol, 5 sessions of Plasma Exchange and monthly intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) treatments. A few months later, he is brought in again by family with worsening aggression and psychosis. Consultation Liaison Psychiatry was consulted and on evaluation, patient was very disoriented and confabulating. CSF autoimmune encephalitis panel was noted to be positive for anti-LGI1 antibodies and a diagnosis of LGI 1 antibody encephalitis was confirmed. He was treated with intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG) followed by Rituximab, Haloperidol and Valproic acid. Patient improved but remained with notable cognitive deficits. He was discharged to a long-term care facility. Discussion: This case highlights that patients with LGI1 antibody encephalitis often presents with psychiatric symptoms such as cognitive deficits, behavioral changes, hallucinations, agitation, and sleep disturbance (Arino et al, 2016). At the early stage of LGI1 antibody encephalitis, symptoms can be misdiagnosed as a psychotic disorder, major neurocognitive disorder, or even ictal psychosis. The mainstay of treatment involves steroids, intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG), plasmapheresis and/or rituximab. Early diagnosis and prompt management is crucial in prompt recovery and improving prognosis. Conclusion: Due to the initial psychiatric presentation of LGI1 antibody encephalitis, patients are often misdiagnosed at first and miss necessary treatment, which in turn can prolong hospital course and worsen the patient’s outcome. As Consultation-Liaison Psychiatrists, we need to have a high index of clinical suspicion in such cases to avoid treatment delays. References: 1. Li, W., Wu, S., Meng, Q. et al. Clinical characteristics and short-term prognosis of LGI1 antibody encephalitis: a retrospective case study. BMC Neurol 2018 Jul 6;18(1):96. 2. Ariño H, Armangué T, Petit-Pedrol M, Sabater L, Martinez-Hernandez E, Hara M, Lancaster E, Saiz A, Dalmau J, Graus F. Anti-LGI1-associated cognitive impairment: Presentation and long-term outcome. Neurology. 2016 Aug 23;87(8):759-65. ER  - 
Phenotypic landscape of systemic lupus erythematosus: An analysis of the Kyoto Lupus Cohort$$$ Objectives: The present study aimed to clarify comprehensive relationships among the clinical variables of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods: We retrospectively surveyed 32 clinical variables in 581 patients and conducted comprehensive association studies among SLE clinical phenotypes. A univariate analysis of all possible combinations was performed, and the results of phenotypic correlations were reduced into two dimensions. We also created a regression formula using L1 regularisation (LASSO) to calculate the probability of exhibiting each phenotype. Results: The univariate analysis identified 26 correlations, including multiple phenotypes with low complement. Some unpredicted correlations were identified, including fever and the anti-Sm antibody (odds ratio; OR = 2.3, p = 1.6 × 10-5) or thrombocytopenia and psychosis (OR = 3.7, p = 3.2 × 10-5). The multivariate analysis accurately estimated the probability of exhibiting each phenotype (area under the curve > 0.7) in 10 out of 20 phenotypes. Conclusions: The present results show the phenotypic architecture of SLE and represent a model for estimating the probability of exhibiting each phenotype. They also offer insights into the pathology of SLE and estimating the probability of the onset of new phenotypes in clinical practice. ER  - 
Epilepsy and Associated Factors Among Adults Hospitalized for Attempted Suicide$$$ Background: Suicidal behaviors are known to be increased in people with epilepsy compared to the general population. However, few studies have explored the frequency of epilepsy in a large sample of suicide attempters, and scarce data exist about differences and similarities between epileptic attempters (EA) and nonepileptic attempters (NEA). The aim of this study was to explore the frequency of epilepsy as well as psychopathological and somatic factors among suicide attempters. Methods: In this multicenter cross-sectional study, 1,229 adults hospitalized for attempted suicide were included during the period between July 2001 and December 2015. They were assessed with the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview for DSM-IV Axis I mental disorders. Data concerning sociodemographic and somatic diseases, including epilepsy, were collected. Results: Sixty-five patients (5.3%) had epilepsy. EA had significantly fewer mean ± SD years of education compared with NEA (11.2 ± 3.2 vs 12.1 ± 2.9; P = .011) as well as increased rates of head trauma (29.2% for EA vs 16.2% for NEA; P = .007), antiepileptic use (35.4% for EA vs 23.8% for NEA; P = .036), and lifetime substance abuse and/or dependance (49.2% for EA vs 36.1% for NEA; P = .034). Multivariate analyses showed that years of education, head trauma, and panic disorder with agoraphobia predicted belonging to the EA group. Conclusions: These results suggest that epilepsy is overrepresented among suicide attempters. Few psychopathological differences as well as differences in somatic comorbidities except head trauma were observed between EA and NEA in this sample. These results contribute to draw a clinical profile of people with epilepsy in the population of suicide attempters. ER  - 
Antipsychotic Medications for Low-Income Preschoolers: Long Duration and Psychotropic Medication Polypharmacy$$$ Objective: This study aimed to evaluate prescribing patterns of antipsychotic medication and factors that predict duration of use among low-income, preschool-age children. Methods: State Medicaid claims from 2012 to 2017 were used to identify antipsychotic medication use for children,6 years old. ICD-9 and ICD-10 codes were used to describe child diagnoses. Descriptive and multivariable an-alyses were used to determine patterns of antipsychotic medication use and factors that predicted duration of use. Results: In 2012, 316 children,6 years of age started an antipsychotic medication in a southeastern state. Most were non-Hispanic White (N5202, 64%) and boys (N5231, 73%). Diagnoses included attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (N5288, 91%), neurodevelopmental disorders (N5208, 66%), anxiety and trauma-related diagnoses (N5202, 64%), and autism spectrum disorders (ASDs) (N5137, 43%). The mean6SD duration of exposure to antipsychotic medication for children in the cohort was 2.661.7 years, but 86 children (27%) had .4 years of exposure. Almost one-third (N597, 31%) received polypharmacy of four or more medication classes, and 42% (N5131) received metabolic screening. Being male, being in foster care, and having a diagnosis of ASD or disruptive mood dysregulation disorder were significantly associated with duration of use of antipsychotic medications; race-ethnicity was not significantly associated with duration of use. Emergency department visits (N5277, 88%) and inpatient hospitalizations (N5107, 34%) were observed during the study period. Conclusions: Many preschoolers received antipsychotic medications for substantial periods. Further research is needed to identify evidence-based practices to reduce medication use and improve outcomes. ER  - 
Prevalence and associated factors of anxiety disorder symptoms among people with epilepsy in Mekelle, Ethiopia, 2019: Institutional-based cross-sectional study$$$ AIM: Anxiety can have a profound influence on the health-related quality of life of people with epilepsy and caregivers. The study aimed to assess the prevalence and associated factors of anxiety disorder among people with epilepsy. DESIGN: An institutional-based cross-sectional study was conducted. METHOD: From 18 April 2019-30 May 2019, systematically selected 300 peoples with epilepsy were recruited. Anxiety was assessed by using the generalized anxiety disorder-7 (GAD-7). The data were entered by using Epi Info and analysed by SPSS version 25. RESULT: The prevalence of anxiety was 38.3%. Secondary educational status, medication-related side effect, substance use history, seizure-related physical trauma, stress symptoms and a mental illness belief were significantly associated factors. The prevalence of anxiety disorder symptom was high, and it reinforced the need for recognition and treatment of mental disorders in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Survival After Hyperthermic Intraperitoneal Chemotherapy and Primary or Interval Cytoreductive Surgery in Ovarian Cancer: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Ovarian cancer has the highest mortality rate among gynecologic malignant tumors. Data are lacking on the survival benefit of hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (HIPEC) in women with ovarian cancer who underwent primary or interval cytoreductive surgery. Objective: To assess the clinical benefit of HIPEC after primary or interval maximal cytoreductive surgery in women with stage III or IV primary advanced ovarian cancer. Design, Setting, and Participants: In this single-blind randomized clinical trial performed at 2 institutions in South Korea from March 2, 2010, to January 22, 2016, a total of 184 patients with stage III or IV ovarian cancer with residual tumor size less than 1 cm were randomized (1:1) to a HIPEC (41.5 °C, 75 mg/m2 of cisplatin, 90 minutes) or control group. The primary end point was progression-free survival. Overall survival and adverse events were key secondary end points. The date of the last follow-up was January 10, 2020, and the data were locked on February 17, 2020. Exposures: Hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy after cytoreductive surgery. Main Outcomes and Measures: Progression-free and overall survival. Results: Of the 184 Korean women who underwent randomization, 92 were randomized to the HIPEC group (median age, 52.0 years; IQR, 46.0-59.5 years) and 92 to the control group (median age, 53.5 years; IQR, 47.5-61.0 years). After a median follow-up of 69.4 months (IQR, 54.4-86.3 months), median progression-free survival was 18.8 months (IQR, 13.0-43.2 months) in the control group and 19.8 months (IQR, 13.7-55.4 months) in the HIPEC group (P =.43), and median overall survival was 61.3 months (IQR, 34.3 months to not reported) in the control group and 69.5 months (IQR, 45.6 months to not reported) in the HIPEC group (P =.52). In the subgroup of interval cytoreductive surgery after neoadjuvant chemotherapy, the median progression-free survival was 15.4 months (IQR, 10.6-21.1 months) in the control group and 17.4 months (IQR, 13.8-31.5 months) in the HIPEC group (hazard ratio for disease progression or death, 0.60; 95% CI, 0.37-0.99; P =.04), and the median overall survival was 48.2 months (IQR, 33.8-61.3 months) in the control group and 61.8 months (IQR, 46.7 months to not reported) in the HIPEC group (hazard ratio, 0.53; 95% CI, 0.29-0.96; P =.04). In the subgroup of primary cytoreductive surgery, median progression-free survival was 29.7 (IQR, 17.2-90.1 months) in the control group and 23.9 months (IQR, 12.3-71.5 months) in the HIPEC group, and the median overall survival was not reached in the control group and 71.3 months (IQR, 45.6 months to not reported) in the HIPEC group. Conclusions and Relevance: The addition of HIPEC to cytoreductive surgery did not improve progression-free and overall survival in patients with advanced epithelial ovarian cancer. Although the results are from a subgroup analysis, the addition of HIPEC to interval cytoreductive surgery provided an improvement of progression-free and overall survival. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric and Cognitive Outcomes in Patients 6 Months after COVID-19 Requiring Hospitalization Compared with Matched Control Patients Hospitalized for Non-COVID-19 Illness$$$ Importance: Prolonged neuropsychiatric and cognitive symptoms are increasingly reported in patients after COVID-19, but studies with well-matched controls are lacking. Objective: To investigate cognitive impairment, neuropsychiatric diagnoses, and symptoms in survivors of COVID-19 compared with patients hospitalized for non-COVID-19 illness. Design, Setting, and Participants: This prospective case-control study from a tertiary referral hospital in Copenhagen, Denmark, conducted between July 2020 and July 2021, followed up hospitalized COVID-19 survivors and control patients hospitalized for non-COVID-19 illness, matched for age, sex, and intensive care unit (ICU) status 6 months after symptom onset. Exposures: Hospitalization for COVID-19. Main Outcomes and Measures: Participants were investigated with the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview, the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), neurologic examination, and a semi-structured interview for subjective symptoms. Primary outcomes were total MoCA score and new onset of International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) psychiatric diagnoses. Secondary outcomes included specific psychiatric diagnoses, subjective symptoms, and neurologic examination results. All outcomes were adjusted for age, sex, ICU admission, admission length, and days of follow-up. Secondary outcomes were adjusted for multiple testing. Results: A total of 85 COVID-19 survivors (36 [42%] women; mean [SD] age 56.8 [14] years) after hospitalization and 61 matched control patients with non-COVID-19 illness (27 [44%] women, mean age 59.4 years [SD, 13]) were enrolled. Cognitive status measured by total geometric mean MoCA scores at 6-month follow-up was lower (P =.01) among COVID-19 survivors (26.7; 95% CI, 26.2-27.1) than control patients (27.5; 95% CI, 27.0-27.9). The cognitive status improved substantially (P =.004), from 19.2 (95% CI, 15.2-23.2) at discharge to 26.1 (95% CI, 23.1-29.1) for 15 patients with COVID-19 with MoCA evaluations from hospital discharge. A total of 16 of 85 patients with COVID-19 (19%) and 12 of 61 control patients (20%) had a new-onset psychiatric diagnosis at 6-month follow-up, which was not significantly different (odds ratio, 0.93; 95% CI, 0.39-2.27; P =.87). In fully adjusted models, secondary outcomes were not significantly different, except anosmia, which was more common after COVID-19 (odds ratio, 4.56; 95% CI, 1.52-17.42; P =.006); but no longer when adjusting for multiple testing. Conclusions and Relevance: In this prospective case-control study, cognitive status at 6 months was worse among survivors of COVID-19, but the overall burden of neuropsychiatric and neurologic signs and symptoms among survivors of COVID-19 requiring hospitalization was comparable with the burden observed among matched survivors hospitalized for non-COVID-19 causes.. ER  - 
High penetrance, recurrent attacks and thrombus formation in a family with hereditary coproporphyria$$$ Hereditary coproporphyria (HCP) is the rarest of the autosomal dominant acute porphyrias with an estimated incidence of 0.02 per 10 million per year. HCP has been considered to be mild in presentation compared with the more common acute intermittent porphyria although there is limited information comparing the subtypes. Penetrance in the acute porphyrias is low with 90% of patients with a mutation never exhibiting symptoms. We present seven members from a family with HCP with a novel mutation in whom penetrance and severity are high. In addition, they appear to have a high rate of veno-thromboembolism. Penetrance is confirmed at 57% but is suspected to be 71%. The first patient experienced life-threatening complications, four of the seven have had recurrent attacks and the development of opioid dependence has complicated management. The case series documents the impact of a new mRNA interference molecule givosiran as well as a plan for embryo selection which is not commonly used in porphyria. The use of ketamine for the treatment of acute attacks is also documented for the first time in the porphyria literature. The use of international registries would aid the characterisation and management of this very rare disease. ER  - 
Gender differences in arrhythmias and psychological discomfort management$$$ Background: Palpitations and/or syncope are common in patients with psychoneurological disorders [1]. Arrhythmias may be associated to psychological discomfort as well [2]. Psychiatrics, epidemiology and commonplace agree that gender may lead to difference in symptom perception, and management [3-4] Purpose: To investigate the abovementioned association we realized a retrospective multicentric registry including, after definite instrumental diagnosis, patients with previous mental disorder diagnosis, referring to arrhythmology ambulatories. Results: 64 pts (48 F, 75%), mean age 54±18y, were enrolled in 7 centers. Psychiatric diagnoses were: anxiety-depression disorder (N=50), panic attack (N=5), behavioural disorder (N=4), epilepsy (N=3), psychosis (N=1), diagnosed in 83% by General Practitioners and in 14% by Psychiatrists. 55 pts (86%) were on drug therapy: benzodiazepines (67%), SSRI (22%), neuroleptics (3%), antidepressants (2%), and natural products (5%). Among these, 89% reported no symptoms relief. 57 pts complained palpitations, 17 extrasystoles and 19 reported syncope. EPS study was performed in 48%, 24 h Holter ECG in 28%, and LR implantation in 5% of patients. We diagnosed AF (N=11), typical AFL (N=4), AT (N=8), AVNRT (N=16), AVRT (N=4), PAC (N=1), PVC (N=10), AV block (N=4), VT (N=3) and unspecified SVT (N=3). 44 pts underwent ablation. 62 pts (96,8) experienced strong symptoms reduction or resolution, and 42 psychiatric drugs withdrawal. One pt underwent PMK implantation. Conclusions: In our series of cardiac symptoms ascribed to psychiatric disorders, women markedly prevailed. Psychologic discomfort could be caused by arrhythmias, as resolved or dramatically ameliorated by diagnosis and treatment. Further investigation in Psychiatric context is warranted. ER  - 
THE MARKERS IN NEUROPSYCHIATRIC DISORDERS STUDY (THE MIND STUDY): MOVING NEUROFILAMENT LIGHT AND OTHER MARKERS INTO THE CLINIC TO IMPROVE CARE FOR PEOPLE WITH SYMPTOMS AND ILLNESSES OF THE MIND AND BRAIN$$$ Background: Many people with cognitive, psychiatric and/ or neurological symptoms experience significant diagnostic delay and misdiagnosis. Distinguishing younger onset dementia from primary psychiatric disorders, especially in younger people, can be particularly challenging. There is still a great need for simple biomarkers and other markers to improve care and outcomes for people with neuropsychiatric symptoms. Objectives: To investigate the diagnostic and wider utility of neurofilament light (NfL), other biomarkers, cognitive, clinical and carer and psychosocial markers in diverse psychiatric and neurodegenerative/neurological disorders in the Markers in Neuropsychiatric Disorders (MiND) Study. The ultimate aim is clinical translation: a widely available, routine screening blood test. The MiND platform also supports broad substudies and collaborations. Methods: We assessed NfL, p-tau181 and other markers in patients with diverse disorders including Alzheimer and frontotemporal dementias, schizophrenia, mood disorders, from Neuropsychiatry and multiple other centres. Findings: Updates on The MiND Study and findings from close to 1000 patients/participants will be presented, demonstrating diagnostic and wider utility of NfL and other markers in diverse disorders and settings. As recruitment and sample analysis is ongoing, the most upto- date results will be presented, including new substudies, biomarkers and markers (cognitive/neuropsychological, neuropsychiatric). Conclusion: There is great promise for a routine screening blood test to distinguish neurological/neurodegenerative from primary psychiatric disorders, of high relevance to psychiatrists. This could dramatically alter clinical care, allow precision use of other markers and improve outcomes for patients, their families, the healthcare system and clinical trials. The MiND Study is ongoing and welcomes collaborations and broad substudies. ER  - 
PSYCHOGENIC NONEPILEPTIC SEIZURES UPDATE: PSYCHIATRIC COMORBIDITIES AND THE COMPLEXITIES OF DIAGNOSTIC OVERSHADOWING$$$ Background: Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) represent an important, but often unrecognised, cohort of psychiatric patients with substantial psychiatric comorbidity and increased mortality. The impetus to treat can be eclipsed by complex neuropsychiatric presentations that neither neurologists nor general psychiatrists are comfortable managing. Diagnostic overshadowing can be bi-directional and complicated by co-occurrence of both organic and functional pathology. Objectives: To highlight high levels of untreated psychiatric comorbidity and increased mortality in patients with PNES. To review some of the diagnostic complexities around differentiating PNES from epilepsy. Methods: Retrospective audit of data from a tertiary video-electroencephalography monitoring (VEM) unit of 101 patients over a 9-month period. Limited case series of patients presenting to a tertiary VEM unit over a 9-month period. Findings: High rates of untreated psychiatric comorbidity occur among patients with PNES. PNES can be difficult to diagnose on clinical factors alone despite expert opinion. Clinicians should be aware of diagnostic overshadowing in these patients. Conclusion: The psychiatric treatment needs of patients with PNES are frequently unmet, yet their psychiatric needs are high. The complex interplay between PNES and epilepsy in neuropsychiatry can make the differentiation between PNES and epilepsy difficult for both neurologist and psychiatrist. Expert opinion is still prone to diagnostic overshadowing. ER  - 
PSYCHIATRIC AND COGNITIVE CHARACTERISTICS OF OLDER PATIENTS ADMITTED TO A VIDEO ELECTROENCEPHALOGRAPHY MONITORING (VEM) UNIT$$$ Background: An increasing number of older patients with epilepsy is expected in the upcoming years. Research into the psychological and cognitive functioning in older individuals with epilepsy is scarce. Objective: To compare the clinical, psychiatric and cognitive characteristics of older and younger patients presenting to a video-electroencephalography monitoring (VEM) unit. Method: A retrospective case-control study involving patients admitted to two tertiary VEM units over a 2-year period. Younger patients (<60 years) were compared to matched older patients (≥60 years) across a range of clinical and psychometric measures. Findings: A total of 533 patients were admitted to the VEM unit during the study period. Seven patients (two males, five females) or 10% of the older group were diagnosed with PNES compared to 22% of the younger group. Of 533 patients, 34% were diagnosed with a depressive disorder and 15% with an anxiety disorder. Compared to the younger group, the older group were significantly more likely to be diagnosed with a mild neurocognitive disorder (34% vs 3%, respectively) and scored lower on the Neuropsychiatry Unit Cognitive (NUCOG) Screening Tool (mean of 79.49 vs 87.73). There was a very weak correlation between subjective cognitive difficulties and objective cognition for the older group (r = 0.03, p = 0.83). Sub-analyses revealed more childhood trauma experiences in both older and younger groups with a PNES diagnosis compared to non-PNES diagnoses, with no significant differences for age. Conclusion: A comprehensive, multidisciplinary input approach to the older population, involving psychiatry and neuropsychology, should be considered. ER  - 
Vagus Nerve Stimulation Paired with Rehabilitation for Upper Limb Motor Function After Ischemic Stroke$$$ Introduction: Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) paired with rehabilitation has been explored as a potential approach to enhance neuroplasticity and support recovery of upper limb function after stroke. A recent pivotal trial tested the efficacy of rehabilitation paired with VNS or sham VNS in individuals with moderate to severe upper limb impairment 9 months to 10 years after ischemic stroke. Methods: All participants (n=108) in the multisite, randomized, triple-blind, sham-controlled trial were surgically implanted with the VNS device and then randomized to receive rehabilitation paired with active (n=53) or sham VNS (n=55). Rehabilitation consisted of six weeks of in-clinic therapy involving a blinded therapist triggering active or sham VNS, followed by daily home exercises involving magnet-activated VNS stimulation. Results: One day after in-clinic therapy, the mean Fugl-Meyer Assessment for Upper Extremity (FMAUE) score increased by 5.0 points (SD 4.4) in the VNS group and by 2.4 points (3.8) in the sham group (between group difference 2.6, 95% CI 10-4.2, p=0.0014). Ninety days after in-clinic therapy, a clinically meaningful response on the FMA-UE score was achieved in 23/53 patients (47%) in the VNS group versus 13/55 (24%) in the control group (between group difference 24%, 6-41; p=0.0098). Adverse events including surgical complications were as expected and less than the reported rates in VNS for epilepsy and depression. There were no significant adverse events related to device stimulation reported. There was one serious adverse event related to surgery (vocal cord paresis) in the control group. Conclusion: Participants with upper limb deficits after chronic ischemic stroke showed statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in motor impairment and function that was 2-3 times greater with VNS compared to intense rehabilitation alone. The trial results support the use of VNS paired with rehabilitation for the treatment of upper limb impairment in chronic stroke. ER  - 
Assessment of Cognition (EpiTrack®) and Depression (Beck Depression Inventory-II) Following Perampanel (Monotherapy/First Adjunctive) in Patients with Epilepsy Enrolled in The ELEVATE Phase IV Study$$$ Objective: Using interim data from ELEVATE (NCT03288129), we present change from baseline in cognition (EpiTrack ) and depression scores (Beck Depression Inventory-II [BDI-II]) by seizure type at 12 months. Background: ELEVATE was a 12-month, open-label, Phase IV study of perampanel administered as monotherapy or first adjunctive therapy to patients aged ≥4 years with focal-onset seizures (FOS) or generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS). Design/Methods: ELEVATE consisted of Screening, Titration (≤13 weeks), Maintenance (39 weeks), and Follow-up (4 weeks) Periods. During Titration, patients initiated perampanel at 2 mg/day then titrated to 4 mg/day or higher (maximum: 12 mg/day). Dose increases were ≥2 weeks apart for patients taking a non-enzyme-inducing anti-seizure medication (EIASM) and weekly for those taking EIASMs. Cognition (EpiTrack ) and depression (BDI-II) were assessed at baseline, and at 3 and 12 months. Results: As of March 23, 2021, 23 patients with FOS (n=16) or GTCS (n=7) were included in the Safety Analysis Set; 12 completed; 11 discontinued. Mean (standard deviation [SD]) change from baseline in EpiTrack total score was -1.4 (4.0) for FOS (n=9) and +1.3 (1.2) for GTCS (n=3) patients (12 months; increase = improvement). Two patients with FOS had an improved shift and two a worsening shift from their baseline EpiTrack category (12 months). No shifts for patients with GTCS were observed. Mean (SD) change from baseline in BDI-II total score was +0.7 (8.5) for FOS patients and +4.0 (9.6) for GTCS patients (12 months; increase = worsening). One FOS patient had an improved shift, and two patients a worsening shift (1 with FOS and 1 with GTCS), from their baseline BDI-II mood category (12 months). Conclusions: Perampanel did not affect cognition with some patients reporting improvement at 12 months relative to baseline. Overall, there was no clinically relevant worsening of depression. Additional analyses will be included in the presentation. ER  - 
Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizuresin the Elderly$$$ Objective: To determine the prevalence and characteristics of older adults aged 65 and above who were diagnosed with PNES and underwent cVEEG monitoring at a community hospital in western North Carolina. Background: Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizures (PNES) are not commonly diagnosed in the elderly and have relatively few published studies. Continuous video-electroencephalography (cVEEG) with clinical correlation is used to differentiate epileptic from non-epileptic events. Design/Methods: We included all patients over the age of 65 years who received inpatient long-term monitoring. Patients treated with hypothermia and those who were critically ill and required intubation in the ICU were excluded. Retrospective review of the results of long term cVEEG studies was used to identify patients with PNES in conjunction with physician notes and clinical history. Characterization of studied population: Between January 1, 2019 and August 31, 2021, a total of 1001 cVEEG studies were performed. We excluded 92 studies on patients with therapeutic hypothermia and 299 studies on critically ill patients. We analyzed the results of 609 studies on 549 patients. There were 294 females (53.5%) and 255 males (46.5%), aged between 65-101 years, mean 76.35 years, SD 7.58. Sixty patients had multiple studies. Characterization of studied factors: Long-term cVEEG studies extended on average for 30.39 hours, SD 19.37, range 6-160 hours. PNES was diagnosed in 18 out of 549 patients (3.3%). There were three males and fifteen females. The average age was 77 years, ranging between 65-95 years. Ten patients had anxiety, six had depression, five had history of trauma, including sexual abuse. Other diagnoses included substance abuse, bipolar disorder, and cognitive impairment. Eight patients had concomitant epilepsy. Conclusions: PNES should be considered in the diagnosis of paroxysmal spells in older adults to provide social and psychological support while avoiding unnecessary anticonvulsants. ER  - 
Use of an Electronic Medical Record Alarm to Prevent Iatrogenic Interventions in Patients with Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizures$$$ Objective: The diagnosis and treatment of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in the inpatient setting represents a challenge for clinical teams. The uncertainty about the diagnosis results in unnecessary treatment and potentially iatrogenic interventions. This study evaluates the effectiveness of an electronic medical record (EMR) alarm in preventing iatrogenic interventions in the inpatient setting for patients with a diagnosis of PNES. Background: Seizures are a common presentation to the emergency department (ED) and the hospital setting. PNES are often misdiagnosed as epileptic seizures or status epilepticus, and patients are subject to aggressive interventions including sedation, intubations, and prolonged hospital admissions. Strategies are needed to reduce the rate of iatrogenic interventions and resource utilization in patients with PNES. An EMR alarm was implemented in 2016 for all patients with a diagnosis of PNES at Rush University Medical Center (RUMC). It reminds healthcare providers of the diagnosis and provides education upon interacting with the patient's chart. Design/Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed on all patients who presented to RUMC between 1/1/2017 and 12/31/2019 and had a PNES alarm triggered. Data from ED visits and inpatient admissions were compared between the year before (T-1) and the year after (T+1) the first time the alarm was triggered for each patient. A Wilcoxon signed-rank test was used for analysis. Results: The alarm was triggered in 179 patients. 143 (80%) were female. Mean age was 41, ranging from 18 to 81 years. There was a significant (p<0.05) decrease in the number of ED visits, hospital admissions, ICU admissions, and interventions such as intubations and rescue benzodiazepine use in the year after the alarm was triggered compared to the year prior. No adverse events were identified in relation to the alarm. Conclusions: An EMR alarm can be a safe and effective tool in preventing potential iatrogenic interventions in patients with PNES. ER  - 
Serotonin and Focal Epilepsy: A Therapeutic Role?$$$ Objective: To perform 5HT1A agonist pilot studies in focal epilepsy Background: 5HT may play a pathophysiologic role or have therapeutic potential in focal epilepsy. 5HT1A receptor activation hyperpolarizes hippocampal Ca1 neurons. Several anti-seizure drugs, including carbamazepine, may block 5HT reuptake. PET 5HT1A receptor ligand studies found reduced binding in mesial temporal seizure foci and depression. Fenfluramine, a drug recently approved for Dravet's Syndrome but not focal epilepsy, increases 5HT synaptic availability by disrupting 5HT vesicular storage. Design/Methods: We performed a pilot trial of PRX-00023 (Nalutozan), a high affinity 5HT1A agonist, in patients with focal epilepsy that showed promise in trials for anxiety and depression (Investigator initiated IND 110522; NCT01281956). Ten patients with at least 4 seizures over a six-week baseline were randomized in a double-blind cross-over design with two 12 week treatment periods and a four week washout. Subjects on benzodiazepines, phenobarbital, or phenytoin were excluded. Study endpoints were seizure counts, neuropsychological tests, mood, anxiety ratings, and the Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale. The maximum dose of PRX-00023 was 240 milligrams per day. After completion, patients could participate in a similar follow-on study of buspirone (maximum dose 60 milligrams per day), a high affinity 5HT1A agonist, with lesser activity at 5HT2, 6, 7 and dopamine D2 receptors (NCT01496612) with the same outcome measures. Results: Nine patients completed both, and one only the placebo study arm. There was no significant difference in seizure frequency, depression and anxiety ratings, or adverse events between PRX and placebo treatment phases. No patient had a 50% or greater seizure frequency reduction. Nine patients participated in, and five competed both buspirone follow-on trial phases. There were no significant differences in any of the outcome measures or in adverse events. Conclusions: Our two small pilot trials do not provide any suggestion that 5HT1A agonists have a treatment role in focal epilepsy. ER  - 
A New Adult Neurodevelopmental Disabilities Clinic: Description of Population and Yield of Genetic Testing in the First Year$$$ Objective: 1. Characterize the patient population seen in the first year of a newly developed Adult Neurodevelopmental Disabilities (NDD) Clinic. 2. Demonstrate yield of genetic testing in adults with neurodevelopmental disabilities (NDD). Background: As patients with NDD transition from pediatric to adult healthcare systems, they often have difficulty finding providers who address their NDD-related needs, including revisiting the etiologic workup of their NDD. In response to this care, a new consultation clinic was established in an adult neurology department to address neurodevelopmental concerns of these adult patients and provide etiologic workup, including genetic testing. Design/Methods: Data was obtained by a retrospective chart review of all 79 patients seen in the adult Neurodevelopmental Disabilities (NDD) clinic from September 2020 through September 2021. Results: The average age was 35 years (median 28 years), ranging from 18 to 80 years. Developmental diagnoses included but were not limited to autism spectrum disorder (47%), intellectual disability (44%), Down syndrome (15%), cerebral palsy (8%) and other genetic disorders (27%). Comorbidities addressed included anxiety (in 27% of patients), behavioral concern (22%), seizures (18%), and depression (11%). 21 patients (27%) had previous genetic testing that included Chromosomal Microarray (CMA), Autism Spectrum Disorder/Intellectual Disability Panel (ASD/ID Panel), or Whole Exome/Whole Genome Sequencing (WES/WGS), before the new clinic. New genetic testing was completed in 17 patients (21.5% of the overall cohort). A pathological variant was identified in 6/17 (35%). Diagnoses were established by CMA in 3/11 (27%), ASD/ID panel in 2/5 (40%), and WES in 1/1 (100%). Conclusions: Our study characterized the diversity of developmental disabilities and comorbidities addressed in a new specialty Adult NDD clinic. Our data also revealed the high yield, and importance of, revisiting etiologic diagnoses in adults with NDDs, as many patients seen in this clinic were provided with genetic diagnoses for the first time as adults. ER  - 
NeuroMeasures™: Implementation of a Web-Based Real-Time Quality Metric Tool to Improve Provider Practicesin an Epilepsy Clinic$$$ Objective: Our objective was to assess whether the implementation of NeuroMeasures™, a web-based application developed to identify unmet American Academy of Neurology - Epilepsy Quality Measures (AAN-EQM), can facilitate meeting AAN-EQM at the point-of-care. Background: Despite the importance to incorporate quality measures in daily practice, implementation of EQM remains challenging in clinical practices. Design/Methods: This prospective study was conducted at the Detroit Medical Center/Wayne State University as per institutional review board guidelines. All adults (≥ 18 years of age) with a diagnosis of seizures or epilepsy were included in the study. Exclusion criteria incuded non-English-speaking patients and patients with severe cognitive disabilities. Patients completed two sets of surveys on a web-based application that obtained information based on the AAN-EQM and validated surveys focusing on quality of life (QoL), depression and anxiety which were then scored by the application. Two document tools were automatically generated based on patient responses: patient education document and a healthcare provider document which prompted discussion and possible intervention of unmet quality measures at the time of the office visit. We retrospectively analyzed healthcare provider responses and applied established EQM equations to our datasets. Results: Two hundred unique adult epilepsy clinic patients consented to volunteer. The average time to complete surveys was seven minutes. More than 50% of the surveys were completed by people aged 18-44 (58%) and women (57%) and nearly 70% of the survey responders identified themselves as Black. Overall percentages of adherence of EQM are as follows: counseling for women of childbearing potential with epilepsy (94%), patient with intractable epilepsy referral to a comprehensive epilepsy center (85%), quality of life assessment with people with epilepsy (86%), improvement of quality-of-life measurements (70%), and depression and anxiety screening (90%). Conclusions: A web-based, point-of-care application helped our providers to identify and address unmet EQM in real-time while also creating opportunities for patient education. ER  - 
Patient-reported Outcomesin Mood, Fatigue, Sleep Disturbance, and DisabilityWhile on Brivaracetam Treatment: a Prospective Observational Study$$$ Objective: Measure patient perception of change in mood/fatigue/sleep disturbance/disability during brivaracetam (BRV) treatment using patient-reported outcomes (PROs): validated PRO Measurement Information System (PROMIS), new Seizure-Related Disability Assessment Scale (SERDAS). Background: Beyond quality-of-life scales, PROs are underused in trials of antiseizure medications. Design/Methods: Prospective, observational study (EP0088) followed patients (aged ≥16 years, focal seizures, initiating adjunctive BRV) for up to 12 months. Changes in PROMIS anger/anxiety/depression/fatigue/sleep disturbance domains and SERDAS (overall disability, days lost to seizure-related problems or medication side effects) were evaluated from baseline to 1.5/3/6/12 months on BRV and in subgroups completing/not completing the study. For noncompleters, PROs from visits before stopping BRV and at last evaluation were analyzed. Results: 252 patients evaluated; 161 completed the study. Improvements were seen at 1.5 months and maintained over 12 months for all PROMIS domains. Improvements in all domains, except fatigue, were considered meaningful at 12 months. In completers, BRV provided meaningful improvement in patient-reported anger/anxiety/depression/fatigue/sleep disturbance from baseline to 12 months (mean T-score change: -3.18/-3.76/-4.00/-1.95/-2.84). At last evaluation, non-completers had no meaningful improvement in anxiety/depression/fatigue/sleep disturbance (-0.36/-1.57/-0.93/-0.28), but meaningful improvement in anger (-3.65). BRV improved SERDAS overall perception of disability/disability due to seizures/disability due to side effects at each timepoint (mean change from baseline to 12 months [days]: -1.2/-5.0/-2.8). At last evaluation, non-completers had no improvement in disability due to seizures/side effects (0.5/0.7 days) and slight improvement in overall perception of disability (-0.5 days) Conclusions: BRV treatment substantially improved patient anger/anxiety/depression/fatigue/sleep disturbance/disability within the first 1.5 months (maintained for 12 months among patients remaining on BRV). Patients who did not complete the study showed less improvement in anxiety/depression/fatigue/sleep disturbance symptoms versus completers. BRV improved overall disability, disability due to seizures and side effects according to SERDAS. PROMIS and SERDAS are efficient PRO scales that can be used to measure patient symptoms and disability. ER  - 
Depression & Neurotoxicity in a Population of Brain Tumor Patients Treated with a Short Course of Prophylactic Levetiracetam$$$ Objective: To evaluate short course levetiracetam therapy by Beck Depression Index (BDI) and neurotoxicity scale scores in a cohort of brain tumor patients, sorted by tumor location. Background: We evaluated rates of depression & neurotoxic symptoms by tumor location in post resection brain tumor patients treated for 1 week vs 6 weeks of prophylactic levetiracetam. The overall study goal was to determine optimal post-surgical therapy and minimize negative side effects. Design/Methods: 81 patients were enrolled postoperatively and randomized to one week (40 patients) or six weeks (41 patients) of levetiracetam. BDI & neurotoxicity scales were performed on postoperative enrollment and at the study exit in 65 subjects. Tumors were categorized into limbic, frontal, and bilateral frontal locations. P scores were calculated using the Wilcoxon rank sum test. Results: Higher neurotoxicity (9 vs -3, p=0.0420) and BDI (4 vs. 0, p= 0.0086) scores were seen with bifrontal tumors vs. other locations, regardless of treatment arm. Seizure incidence was rare, with 1 patient in each treatment arm (2.9% of total patients) experiencing a seizure during the follow-up period. Nine patients treated with immediate release levetiracetam due to XR levetiracetam access issues tended to have increased BDI and neurotoxicity scores, but this did not reach significance (P=0.0821). Fatigue, slowing & memory difficulties were the predominant symptoms reported in any tumor location subgroup. No difference in BDI or neurotoxicity score was shown by treatment duration, race, or sex. Conclusions: Increased BDI and neurotoxicity scores observed in post-resection patients with bifrontal tumors on levetiracetam raises concern for optimal postoperative recovery prior to neuro-oncologic therapy but could be confounded by co-administration of high dose corticosteroids and poor prognosis.Regardless, increased vigilance & intervention in these patients may improve recovery, quality of life and reduce adverse effects of therapy. Future research is warranted to separate the effect of therapy from clinicopathological factors. ER  - 
Quality of Life in People with Epilepsy: a Population-Based Study in the Detroit Metropolitan Area$$$ Objective: Assess factors that influence quality of life in people with epilepsy in our patient population. Background: Certain socioeconomic, demographic and clinical variables are linked with worse quality of life (QoL) in people with epilepsy (PWE). Design/Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted at the epilepsy outpatient clinic at Detroit Medical Center/Wayne State University as per institutional board review guidelines. Subjects (age > 18 years) with epilepsy were consented to participate in the study. Exclusion criteria included patients with cognitive disabilities and non-English speakers. Survey questions included patient demographics, seizure frequency, seizure type, number of anti-seizure medications (ASM), the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) and Patient Weighted Quality of Life in Epilepsy (QOLIE-10-P) scales. A score greater than 15 in the NDDI-E is suggestive of major depressive score and higher QOLIE-10-P scores are suggestive of poor QoL. A negative binomial regression analysis was done to determine associated factors. Results: A total of 520 surveys were collected, including follow-up patients, out of which 104 incomplete surveys were excluded from the analysis. From the 416 surveys included 60% female, 67% African American, and 23% in the 55+ age group. Females were associated with QOLIE-10- P scores at a rate 1.1 times greater than males (P = .04). Patients of ages older than 55 and patients with seizure frequency of ≥ 2 seizure/month had QOLIE-10-P scores 1.2 times greater than the age group 18-54 (P=.01) and seizure frequency of <2 seizure/month (P<.001), respectively. Every unit increase in the NDDI-E score was associated with an increase in QOLIE-10-P score by a factor of 1.1 (P<.001). There were no significant association between high QOLIE-10-P scores and race, number of ASM and seizure type (generalized tonic-clonic [GTC] vs. non-GTC). Conclusions: Older age, female gender, higher seizure frequency, and depression are associated with worse QoL in PWE. ER  - 
Factors Associated with Depression in Epilepsy Patients: a Population-Based Study in the Detroit Metropolitan Area$$$ Objective: The objective our study was to assess factors associated with incidence of depression in epilepsy patients. Background: Depression is a significant comorbidity of epilepsy, understanding the associated factors can help in screening depression in diverse patient populations. Design/Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted at the epilepsy outpatient clinic at Detroit Medical Center/Wayne State University as per institutional board review guidelines. Subjects (age > 18 years) with epilepsy were consented to participate in the study. Exclusion criteria included patients with cognitive disabilities and non-English speakers. Survey questions included patient demographics, seizure frequency, seizure type, number of anti-seizure medications (ASM), the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) and Patient Weighted Quality of Life in Epilepsy (QOLIE-10-P) scales. A score greater than 15 in the NDDI-E is suggestive of major depressive score and higher QOLIE-10-P scores are suggestive of poor QoL. A negative binomial regression analysis was done to determine associated factors. Results: A total of 520 surveys were collected, including follow-up patients, out of which 103 incomplete surveys were excluded from the analysis. the remaining 417 surveys included 58% females, 67% African American, and 23% in the 55+ age group. Seizure frequency of more than 2[DZ1] ≤month (vs. < 2 seizures/month) were expected to have a rate 1.1 times greater for high[DZ2] er NDDI-E scores (P < .005). For every unit increase in QOLIE-10-P score, NDDI-E score increased by a factor of 1.1 (P < .001). Patient age, gender, race, number of ASM and seizure type were not significant contributors to depression. Conclusions: Higher seizure frequency and poor quality of life are risk factors for depression in epilepsy patients. ER  - 
Cognitive and Behavioral Effects and Tolerability of Adjunctive Brivaracetam in Children and Adolescents with Focal Seizures: Pooled Interim Analysis$$$ Objective: To evaluate cognitive/behavioral effects and tolerability of long-term adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV) in children/adolescents with focal seizures. Background: Children with epilepsy have higher incidences of cognitive/behavioral issues than those without. Design/Methods: Interim post-hoc analysis (cutoff 14Jul2020) of pooled data from Phase IIa, open-label trial (N01263/NCT00422422; patients aged ≥1 month-<16 years) and ongoing, Phase III, open-label, long-term follow-up (N01266/NCT01364597; direct enrollers aged ≥4-<17 years). Cognitive/behavioral outcomes were assessed with Achenbach CBCL (1.5-5/6-16 years) and BRIEF-P/BRIEF (<5/5-16 years). Results: 140 patients were analyzed (mean age: 9.5 years; 57.1% male). Mean changes from baseline to final visit (raw subscale scores): CBCL 1.5-5 aggressive behavior/anxious&depressed/attention problems/emotionally reactive/sleep problems/somatic complaints/withdrawn/other problems: -1.4/-1.5/-0.5/-1.0/-1.1/-0.9/-0.7/-3.2; CBCL 6-18 aggressive behavior/anxious&depressed/attention problems/rule-breaking behavior/social problems/somatic complaints/thought problems/withdrawn&depressed: -1.8/-1.4/-1.2/-0.7/-0.5/-1.2/-0.8/-0.1; BRIEF-P inhibit/shift/emotional control/working memory/plan&organize: -6.6/-2.1/-4.9/-4.0/-3.0; BRIEF inhibit/shift/emotional control/initiate/working memory/plan&organize/organization of materials/monitor: -1.6/-0.5/-1.0/-0.6/-1.8/-1.4/-0.8/-0.9. Most patients in both age groups had no shift in Tscore category from baseline to last evaluation for each CBCL subscale (between normal and borderline or clinical range [BCR]) and BRIEF-P/BRIEF subscale (between normal and potential clinical significance [PCS]). For all CBCL subscales, more patients changed from BCR to normal (1.5-5/6-18: range 6.2-21.9%/12.7-18.6%) than normal to BCR (3.1-9.4%/2.9-13.7%). Changes across BRIEF-P subscales were mostly from PCS to normal (range 14.3-28.6%; 1 patient [14.3%] changed from normal to PCS in one subscale). Across BRIEF subscales, similar proportions of patients changed from normal to PCS (range 6.9-16.8%) and PCS to normal (6.9- 12.9%). Incidences of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs): overall (1.5-5/6-16 years: 100%/95.4%); drug-related (40.6%/34.3%); serious (18.8%/26.9%); discontinuations due to TEAEs (6.3%/7.4%); deaths (3.1% [n=1]/0.9% [n=1]). Conclusions: In this pooled interim analysis, cognitive/behavioral functioning scores in children and adolescents with focal seizures under long-term adjunctive BRV were generally stable or slightly improved as compared with baseline. BRV was generally well tolerated. ER  - 
Cognitive and Psychiatric Adverse Events During Adjunctive Cenobamate Treatment in Phase 2 and Phase 3 Clinical Studies$$$ Objective: To evaluate cognitive and psychiatric treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) during adjunctive cenobamate treatment. Background: Epilepsy treatment with antiseizure medications (ASMs) can be limited by cognitive and behavioral TEAEs that negatively affect patient quality of life. Design/Methods: This post-hoc analysis of adjunctive cenobamate clinical trials included adult patients with uncontrolled focal seizures taking 1-3 concomitant ASMs in a pooled analysis of two phase 2 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (12-week YKP3089C013 [C013]/18-week YKP3089C017 [C017]; n=442 cenobamate, n=216 placebo) and in a pooled analysis of the long-term C013/C017 open-label extensions (OLEs) and the long-term maintenance phase of the phase 3 open-label safety study (YKP3089C021 [C021]). Total C013OLE/C017OLE/C021 pooled n=1844 cenobamate-treated. Cognitive TEAE areas included disturbance in attention, language, and memory. Psychiatric TEAE areas included aggression, anger, hostility, and irritability; mood changes, anxiety, and depression; confusional state; psychosis; and suicidality. The percentage of patients who had cognitive/psychiatric TEAEs are reported for the pooled C013/C017 double-blind studies. Pooled C013OLE/C017OLE/C021 TEAEs were analyzed using exposure-adjusted event rates through 5 years of cenobamate treatment. Results: In the pooled double-blind studies, memory impairment was the most frequent cognitive TEAE (1.8% of cenobamate patients [8/442] vs 0.5% of placebo patients [1/216]). Confusional state was the most frequent psychiatric TEAE (2.5% [11/442] cenobamate vs no placebo patients). Most cognitive and psychiatric TEAEs were mild/moderate. In the pooled C013OLE/C017OLE/C021 studies, the total cognitive TEAEs occurrence per patient-year was 0.0704 (Year 1), 0.0364 (Year 2), 0.0687 (Year 3), 0.0098 (Year 4), and 0.0857 (Year 5). The total psychiatric TEAEs occurrence per patient-year was 0.1963 (Year 1), 0.1233 (Year 2), 0.1418 (Year 3), 0.0391 (Year 4), and 0.1500 (Year 5). Conclusions: There was a low occurrence of cognitive and psychiatric TEAEs over a treatment duration of up to 5 years in adjunctive cenobamate clinical trials. ER  - 
Patient-focused Remote Study Design in a Natural History Study for KCNT1-related Epilepsy$$$ Objective: To follow KCNT1-related epilepsy patients in a natural history study with a fully remote design. Background: KCNT1-related epilepsy is a rare genetic disorder characterized by frequent, treatment-resistant seizures and profound developmental delay. Retrospective and registry data show three main phenotypes: Epilepsy of Infancy with Migrating Focal Seizures (EIMFS), EarlyOnset Epileptic Encephalopathy (EOEE), and Sleep-related Hypermotor Epilepsy (SHE). There are limited prospective, longitudinal data to inform clinical trial design. Gathering such data in clinic represents a major effort for patients and caregivers. Remote study visits represent an alternative strategy for studying this disorder. Design/Methods: Clinically and genetically confirmed KCNT1-related epilepsy patients will be followed for 12 months in a single-center fully-remote study. Remote elements include electronic informed consent, telemedicine study visits and assessments, neuropsychological and developmental assessments, an electronic seizure and sleep diary, electronic patient- and caregiver-reported outcome measures, and home health visits for sample collection and video EEG. Results: Primary endpoint: frequency and type of seizures as recorded in an electronic seizure diary. Secondary endpoints: head circumference; Clinical Global Impression; Visual Analog Scale (VAS) for symptoms; Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales (Vineland-3); Brief Infant Sleep Questionnaire-Revised (BISQ-R), Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ), or Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI); Pediatric Quality of Life (PedsQL) and Family Impact Module; Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL) or Adult Self-Report (ASR); Screen for Child Anxiety Related Emotional Disorders (SCARED)-Parent About Child Version and Screen for Adult Anxiety Related Disorders (SCAARED) Adult Version; Questionnaire for Psychotic Experiences (QPE). Exploratory endpoints: at home overnight EEG and biomarker samples. Conclusions: This study will provide new prospective, longitudinal information about the natural history of the most common phenotypes of KCNT1-related epilepsy. This study design focuses on capturing patient and caregiver burden of disease, while minimizing the burden of participation in a population where traveling to and attending in-person study visits represents a challenge. ER  - 
How Long is a Piece of String? A Retrospective Study of the Correlation Between Length of Stay in Epilepsy Monitoring Unit and Diagnostic Yield$$$ Objective: The aim of our study is to examine the correlation between the length of stay (LOS) in the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) for evaluation purposes and diagnostic yield. Background: Continuous video EEG (cvEEG) monitoring is the gold standard in the evaluation of seizures and other paroxysmal events. However, the utility of this valuable diagnostic tool is limited by the extensive resource it requires including financial resource, need for highly trained individuals and hospital bed availability. With additional day of monitoring, more resources are being consumed per patient. It is thus essential to evaluate the relationship between length of stay and diagnostic yield Design/Methods: A retrospective review of patients admitted to EMU in a tertiary referral center for diagnostic evaluation of spells was performed. We gathered all the clinical data, demographics, cvEEG analysis and diagnostic reports to patients admitted to our EMU from January 2016 to July 2021. The relative risk of achieving a diagnosis with 95% Confidence Interval (CI) was generated by comparison of risks between ≤five days versus LOS of >five days. Results: 503 patients were included in the study. The median (LOS) was seven days (range 1 to 17 days). The median time to the first event was two days (range 1 to 17 days). 87.3% of patients had conclusive studies. 65.7% of patients received a diagnosis within the first seven days with the highest during day seven. 34% of patients received a diagnosis after cvEEG beyond seven days. The rate of diagnosis achieved decreases after seven days. The relative risk of achieving conclusive studies decreases with additional days of cvEEG beyond five days. Conclusions: Our study suggested that prolonging LOS was not associated with better diagnostic yield but there is a cumulative increase in diagnostic yield over time and more prolonged length of stay may be necessary for some patients. ER  - 
Association of Traumatic Brain Injury with the Risk of Developing Chronic Cardiovascular, Endocrine, Neurological, and Psychiatric Disorders$$$ Importance: Increased risk of neurological and psychiatric conditions after traumatic brain injury (TBI) is well-defined. However, cardiovascular and endocrine comorbidity risk after TBI in individuals without these comorbidities and associations with post-TBI mortality have received little attention. Objective: To assess the incidence of cardiovascular, endocrine, neurological, and psychiatric comorbidities in patients with mild TBI (mTBI) or moderate to severe TBI (msTBI) and analyze associations between post-TBI comorbidities and mortality. Design, Setting, and Participants: This prospective longitudinal cohort study used hospital-based patient registry data from a tertiary academic medical center to select patients without any prior clinical comorbidities who experienced TBI from 2000 to 2015. Using the same data registry, individuals without head injuries, the unexposed group, and without target comorbidities were selected and age-, sex-, and race-frequency-matched to TBI subgroups. Patients were followed-up for up to 10 years. Data were analyzed in 2021. Exposures: Mild or moderate to severe head trauma. Main Outcomes and Measures: Cardiovascular, endocrine, neurologic, and psychiatric conditions were defined based on International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) or International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision (ICD-10). Associations between TBI and comorbidities, as well as associations between the comorbidities and mortality, were analyzed. Results: A total of 4351 patients with mTBI (median [IQR] age, 45 [29-57] years), 4351 patients with msTBI (median [IQR] age, 47 [30-58] years), and 4351 unexposed individuals (median [IQR] age, 46 [30-58] years) were included in analyses. In each group, 45% of participants were women. mTBI and msTBI were significantly associated with higher risks of cardiovascular, endocrine, neurologic, and psychiatric disorders compared with unexposed individuals. In particular, hypertension risk was increased in both mTBI (HR, 2.5; 95% CI, 2.1-2.9) and msTBI (HR, 2.4; 95% CI, 2.0-2.9) groups. Diabetes risk was increased in both mTBI (HR, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.4-2.7) and msTBI (HR, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.4-2.6) groups, and risk of ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack was also increased in mTBI (HR, 2.2; 95% CI, 1.4-3.3) and msTBI (HR, 3.6; 95% CI, 2.4-5.3) groups. All comorbidities in the TBI subgroups emerged within a median (IQR) of 3.49 (1.76-5.96) years after injury. Risks for post-TBI comorbidities were also higher in patients aged 18 to 40 years compared with age-matched unexposed individuals: hypertension risk was increased in the mTBI (HR, 5.9; 95% CI, 3.9-9.1) and msTBI (HR, 3.9; 95% CI, 2.5-6.1) groups, while hyperlipidemia (HR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.5-3.4) and diabetes (HR, 4.6; 95% CI, 2.1-9.9) were increased in the mTBI group. Individuals with msTBI, compared with unexposed patients, had higher risk of mortality (432 deaths [9.9%] vs 250 deaths [5.7%]; P <.001); postinjury hypertension (HR, 1.3; 95% CI, 1.1-1.7), coronary artery disease (HR, 2.2; 95% CI, 1.6-3.0), and adrenal insufficiency (HR, 6.2; 95% CI, 2.8-13.0) were also associated with higher mortality. Conclusions and Relevance: These findings suggest that TBI of any severity was associated with a higher risk of chronic cardiovascular, endocrine, and neurological comorbidities in patients without baseline diagnoses. Medical comorbidities were observed in relatively young patients with TBI. Comorbidities occurring after TBI were associated with higher mortality. These findings suggest the need for a targeted screening program for multisystem diseases after TBI, particularly chronic cardiometabolic diseases. ER  - 
Triple Burden of Neurocognitive Impairment and Co-occurring Depression and Anxiety Among People Living With HIV in Bahir Dar, Ethiopia: A Multicenter Study$$$ Background: Neurocognitive impairment is associated with psychological morbidities, such as depression and anxiety, among people living with HIV. The presence of these comorbidities affects viral load suppression, treatment adherence, quality of life, treatment outcomes, and functionality. Despite this fact, there is a dearth of studies that examined the triple burden of neurocognitive impairment and co-occurring depression and anxiety among antiretroviral therapy attendees in Ethiopia. This study aimed to assess the magnitude of HIV-associated neurocognitive impairment and co-occurring depression and anxiety at the same time among people living with HIV/AIDS. Method: We conducted an institution-based multicenter cross-sectional study in Bahir Dar, Northwest Ethiopia. A total of 410 study participants were selected using a systematic random sampling technique. Neurocognitive impairment was assessed using the International HIV Dementia Scale. Co-occurring depression and anxiety were assessed using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. A semi-structured questionnaire was applied to collect data on sociodemographic and clinical-related characteristics. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and univariate and multivariable logistic regression. Results: Two-thirds (66.8%) of the people living with HIV had neurocognitive impairment. The prevalence of co-occurring depression and anxiety was found in 39.8%. Women with HIV, people with comorbid chronic medical illness, and those under a second-line treatment regimen were factors associated with neurocognitive impairment. Furthermore, pill burden, second-line treatment regimen, HIV clinical stages, social support, HIV-perceived stigma, and neurocognitive impairment were associated factors with co-occurring depression and anxiety. Conclusions: We found a high prevalence of neurocognitive impairment and co-occurring depression and anxiety among people living with HIV/AIDs. Further research is needed to assess the clinical course of neurocognitive impairment and co-occurring depression and anxiety. ER  - 
Effect of Washed Microbiota Transplantation on Patients With Dyslipidemia in South China$$$ Background and Aims: Although the manual crude fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) reduces blood lipids in animal models of hyperlipidemia, its clinical effect on blood lipid metabolism in patients with hyperlipidemia and hypolipidemia remains unclear, especially in the Chinese population. It was reported that washed microbiota transplantation (WMT) was safer, more precise, and more quality-controllable than the crude FMT by manual. This study aimed to investigate the feasibility and effectiveness of WMT on lipid metabolism in the Chinese population. Methods: Clinical data of patients with various indications who received WMT for 1–3 treatment procedures were collected. Changes in blood lipids before and after WMT, namely, total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), liver fat attenuation, and liver stiffness measurement, were compared. Results: A total of 177 patients (40 cases of hyperlipidemia, 87 cases with normal blood lipids, and 50 cases of hypolipidemia) were enrolled in the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangdong Pharmaceutical University. WMT has a significant therapeutic effect in reducing blood lipid levels (TC and TG) in the short- and medium term in patients with hyperlipidemia (p <0.05). Hyper blood lipid decreased to normal in the short-term (35.14%; p <0.001), and LDL-C changed to normal in the medium term (33.33%; p = 0.013). In the hypolipidemia group, 36.36% and 47.06% changed to normal in the short-term (p = 0.006) and medium term (p = 0.005) of therapeutic effects based on blood lipid levels. In the normal blood lipid group and the low-risk group of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), the change was not statistically significant, indicating that WMT does not increase the risk of blood lipid and ASCVD in the long-term. Conclusions: WMT treatment changes blood lipids in patients with hyperlipidemia and hypolipidemia without serious adverse events, with no risk for increasing blood lipids and ASCVD in the long-term. There were significant decreased TC, TG, and LDL-C levels in the medium term of WMT treatment for hyperlipidemia. Therefore, the regulation of gut microbiota by WMT may indicate a new clinical method for the treatment of dyslipidemia. ER  - 
Rare coding variants in ten genes confer substantial risk for schizophrenia$$$ Rare coding variation has historically provided the most direct connections between gene function and disease pathogenesis. By meta-analysing the whole exomes of 24,248 schizophrenia cases and 97,322 controls, we implicate ultra-rare coding variants (URVs) in 10 genes as conferring substantial risk for schizophrenia (odds ratios of 3–50, P < 2.14 × 10−6) and 32 genes at a false discovery rate of <5%. These genes have the greatest expression in central nervous system neurons and have diverse molecular functions that include the formation, structure and function of the synapse. The associations of the NMDA (N-methyl-d-aspartate) receptor subunit GRIN2A and AMPA (α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionic acid) receptor subunit GRIA3 provide support for dysfunction of the glutamatergic system as a mechanistic hypothesis in the pathogenesis of schizophrenia. We observe an overlap of rare variant risk among schizophrenia, autism spectrum disorders1, epilepsy and severe neurodevelopmental disorders2, although different mutation types are implicated in some shared genes. Most genes described here, however, are not implicated in neurodevelopment. We demonstrate that genes prioritized from common variant analyses of schizophrenia are enriched in rare variant risk3, suggesting that common and rare genetic risk factors converge at least partially on the same underlying pathogenic biological processes. Even after excluding significantly associated genes, schizophrenia cases still carry a substantial excess of URVs, which indicates that more risk genes await discovery using this approach. ER  - 
Trends of Utilization of Antiseizure Medications Among Pregnant Women in Manitoba, Canada: A 20-Year Population-Based Study$$$ Background: Evidence from developed countries demonstrates that the use of antiseizure medications (ASMs) has been increasing in the last decade. Pregnant women have a very challenging risk benefit trade-off in terms of ASM utilization, and it is crucial to know if increased utilization is seen among pregnant women. Objective: To examine time-trends of utilization of ASM therapies among pregnant women in Manitoba, Canada. Methods: We conducted a population-based cohort study using de-identified, linked administrative databases from Manitoba. Pregnancies between 1995 and 2018 were included. Four groups of pregnant people were created based on ASM exposure and epilepsy diagnosis. Results: Of 273,492 pregnancies, 812 (3/1000) had epilepsy diagnosis and were exposed to ASMs, 963 (3.5/1000) had epilepsy diagnosis and were unexposed, and 2742 (10/1000) were exposed to ASMs and did not have epilepsy diagnosis. Overall, the number of pregnancies exposed to ASMs increased significantly from 0.56% in 1997 to 2.21% in 2018 (p < 0.0001). Subgroup analysis by epilepsy diagnosis showed no significant change in ASMs exposure among pregnant women with epilepsy [the proportion of women exposed to ASM from all pregnancies was 0.37% (in 1997) and 0.36% (in 2018), p = 0.24]. A drop in carbamazepine use was observed, while the number of lamotrigine prescriptions increased from 6.45% in 1997 to 52% by 2018. ASM use among pregnant women without epilepsy increased significantly from 0.19% in 1997 to 1.85% in 2018 (p < 0.0001). In the total cohort of pregnancies, 1439 (0.53%) were exposed during their entire pregnancy, and 1369 (0.5%) were exposed only in their first trimester. Clonazepam was the most used ASM during the study period (1953 users, 0.71%), followed by gabapentin (785 users, 0.29%) and carbamazepine (449 users, 0.16%). Conclusion: No major shifts in the quantity of ASM use over the study period were observed among pregnant women with epilepsy. However, there was a significant increase in ASM use among pregnant women without epilepsy. The study results warrant further investigation into the implications of ASM use in pregnancy for indications other than epilepsy. ER  - 
Association of Treatment with Antipsychotics, Antidepressants, or Both with Movement Disorders and Seizures among Children and Adolescents with Depression in Korea$$$ Importance: Little evidence exists on neurological adverse events (movement disorders and seizures) that occur during adjuvant use of antipsychotics with antidepressants, especially in children and adolescents. Objective: To assess the association between neurological adverse events (movement disorders, including parkinsonism, dystonia, extrapyramidal symptoms, chorea, and tic, and seizures) and the adjuvant use of antipsychotics in children and adolescents with depression. Design, Setting, and Participants: A retrospective cohort study using the Health Insurance Review and Assessment claims database in Korea between 2008 and 2018. The study population was children and adolescents aged 2 to 18 years with depression who began treatment with antidepressants between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2018. Data were analyzed between December 9, 2020, and December 10, 2021. Exposure: Time-varying exposure to antidepressants, antipsychotics, and concomitant use of antidepressants and antipsychotics. Concomitant use was further subdivided according to the antipsychotic treatment status (dose and agent). Main Outcomes and Measures: The extended Cox proportional hazards regression model, with adjustment for sex, age, health insurance type, psychiatric comorbidities, psychiatric hospitalization, and comedication with other psychotropic drugs, was used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) and 95% CIs for the associations of movement disorders and seizures with use of antidepressants and antipsychotics. Results: A total of 9890 patients were included in the study: 9541 (mean [SD] age, 14.8 [2.8] years; 4956 [51.9%] female) and 7731 (mean [SD] age, 14.9 [2.7] years; 4150 [53.7%] female) met the inclusion criteria for movement disorders and seizures, respectively. For movement disorders, associations were found between concomitant use (aHR, 3.68; 95% CI, 3.06-4.44) and antipsychotic-only use (aHR, 3.84; 95% CI, 3.03-4.87) compared with antidepressant-only use, but their CIs overlapped. The associations with seizure were similar (concomitant use: aHR, 2.06; 95% CI, 1.66-2.55; antipsychotic-only use: aHR, 2.05; 95% CI, 1.53-2.75). With concomitant use, the aHRs gradually increased with increasing doses of antipsychotics. Haloperidol had the highest aHR, 7.15 (95% CI, 3.89-10.00) for movement disorders. The highest aHR for seizure was observed with quetiapine (aHR, 2.36; 95% CI, 1.55-3.59), followed by aripiprazole (aHR, 2.05; 95% CI, 1.52-2.77). Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort study, adjunctive antipsychotics with antidepressants were associated with movement disorders and seizures compared with antidepressant monotherapy in children and adolescents with depression. These results suggest that careful consideration of the risk-benefit profile of the antipsychotic use as adjuvant therapy in this population is needed. ER  - 
Population-Based Study of Nonelective Postpartum Readmissions in Women with Stroke, Migraine, Multiple Sclerosis, and Myasthenia Gravis$$$ Objective To compare maternal obstetric complications and nonelective readmissions in women with common neurologic comorbidities (WWN) vs women without neurologic disorders. Methods We performed a retrospective cohort study of index characteristics and acute postpartum, nonelective rehospitalizations from the 2015–2017 National Readmissions Database using ICD-10 codes. Wald χ2 testing compared baseline demographic, hospital, and clinical characteristics and postpartum complications between WWN (including previous stroke, migraine, multiple sclerosis [MS], and myasthenia gravis [MG]) and controls. Multivariable logistic regression models examined odds of postpartum complications and nonelective readmissions within 30 and 90 days for each neurologic comorbidity compared to controls (α = 0.05). Results A total of 7,612 women with previous stroke, 83,430 women with migraine, 6,760 women with MS, 843 women with MG, and 8,136,335 controls met the criteria for index admission after viable infant delivery. WWN were more likely than controls to have inpatient diagnoses of edema, proteinuria, or hypertensive disorders and to have received maternal care for poor fetal growth. The adjusted odds of a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention severe maternal morbidity indicator were greater for women with previous stroke (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 8.53, 95% CI 7.24–10.06), migraine (AOR 2.04, 95% CI 1.85–2.26), and MG (AOR 4.45, 95% CI 2.45–8.08) (all p < 0.0001). Readmission rates at 30 and 90 days for WWN were higher than for controls (30 days: previous stroke 2.9%, migraine 1.7%, MS 1.8%, MG 4.3%, controls 1.1%; 90 days: previous stroke 3.7%, migraine 2.5%, MS 5.1%, MG 6.0%, controls 1.6%). Women with MG had the highest adjusted odds of readmission (30 days: AOR 3.96, 95% CI 2.37–6.65, p < 0.0001; 90 days: AOR 3.30, 95% CI 1.88–5.78, p < 0.0001). Discussion WWN may be at higher risk of severe maternal morbidity at the time of index delivery and postpartum readmission. More real-world evidence is needed to develop research infrastructure and create efficacious interventions to optimize maternal–fetal outcomes in WWN, especially for women with previous stroke or MG. ER  - 
Neurocognitive Outcome and Seizure Freedom After Awake Surgery of Gliomas$$$ Objectives: Gliomas are often diagnosed due to epileptic seizures as well as neurocognitive deficits. First treatment choice for patients with gliomas in speech-related areas is awake surgery, which aims at maximizing tumor resection while preserving or improving patient’s neurological status. The present study aimed at evaluating neurocognitive functioning and occurrence of epileptic seizures in patients suffering from gliomas located in language-related areas before and after awake surgery as well as during their follow up course of disease. Materials and Methods: In this prospective study we included patients who underwent awake surgery for glioma in the inferior frontal gyrus, superior temporal gyrus, or anterior temporal lobe. Preoperatively, as well as in the short-term (median 4.1 months, IQR 2.1-6.0) and long-term (median 18.3 months, IQR 12.3-36.6) postoperative course, neurocognitive functioning, neurologic status, the occurrence of epileptic seizures and number of antiepileptic drugs were recorded. Results: Between 09/2012 and 09/2019, a total of 27 glioma patients, aged 36.1 ± 11.8 years, were included. Tumor resection was complete in 15, subtotal in 6 and partial in 6 patients, respectively. While preoperatively impairment in at least one neurocognitive domain was found in 37.0% of patients, postoperatively, in the short-term, 36.4% of patients presented a significant deterioration in word fluency (p=0.009) and 34.8% of patients in executive functions (p=0.049). Over the long-term, scores improved to preoperative baseline levels. The number of patients with mood disturbances significantly declined from 66.7% to 34.8% after surgery (p=0.03). Regarding seizures, these were present in 18 (66.7%) patients prior to surgery. Postoperatively, 22 (81.5%) patients were treated with antiepileptic drugs with all patients presenting seizure-freedom. Conclusions: In patients suffering from gliomas in eloquent areas, the combination of awake surgery, regular neurocognitive assessment - considering individual patients´ functional outcome and rehabilitation needs – and the individual adjustment of antiepileptic therapy results in excellent patient outcome in the long-term course. ER  - 
Neurofilament Light Chain Levels in Anti-NMDAR Encephalitis and Primary Psychiatric Psychosis$$$ Background and ObjectivesAn important challenge in diagnosing anti-NMDA receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis (NMDARe) is differentiating it from a first episode of psychosis (FEP) caused by a psychiatric disease (pFEP). CSF antibody testing distinguishes these diseases, but spinal taps are difficult to obtain in psychiatric facilities. A separate problem is the lack of biomarkers of NMDARe severity and outcome. Here we assessed the performance of neurofilament light chain (NfL) testing in these settings.MethodsIn this observational study, NfL levels were determined with single-molecule array in patients with NMDARe, pFEP, herpes simplex encephalitis (HSE), and healthy participants (HC), with the last 2 groups used as controls. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analyses were performed to assess the prediction accuracy of serum NfL (sNfL) levels for NMDARe and pFEP and to obtain clinically useful cutoffs.ResultsOne hundred eighteen patients with NMDARe (33 with isolated psychosis at presentation), 45 with pFEP, 36 with HSE, and 36 HC were studied. Patients with NMDARe with seizures/status epilepticus, intensive care unit admission, and CSF pleocytosis (>20 white blood cells/µL) and without early immunotherapy were more likely to have higher NfL (mainly in CSF) than individuals with NMDARe without these features. NfL levels at diagnosis of NMDARe did not correlate with outcome at 1-year follow-up assessed with the modified Rankin Scale. Patients with NMDARe had significantly higher sNfL than individuals with pFEP and HC and lower sNfL than patients with HSE. ROC analysis of sNfL between NMDARe with isolated psychosis and pFEP provided an area under the curve of 0.93 (95% CI 0.87-0.99) and an sNfL cutoff ≥15 pg/mL to distinguish these disorders (sensitivity 85%, specificity 96%, positive likelihood ratio 19.3). Forty-three of 45 (96%) patients with pFEP had sNfL<15 pg/mL, whereas only 5 of 33 (15%) with NMDARe with isolated psychosis were below this cutoff (risk estimation NMDARe vs pFEP: odds ratio 120.4 [95% CI 21.8-664], p < 0.001). None of the patients with HSE and 35 of 36 (97%) HC had sNfL<15 pg/mL.DiscussionNfL measured at diagnosis of NMDARe associated with features of disease severity but not with long-term outcome. Young patients with FEP and sNfL ≥15 pg/mL had a 120 times higher chance of having NMDARe than those with pFEP. This cutoff correctly classified 96% of patients with pFEP and 85% of patients with NMDARe with isolated psychosis. Patients with FEP of unclear etiology and sNfL ≥15 pg/mL should undergo CSF NMDAR antibody testing. ER  - 
Associations between Lifetime Spanking/Slapping and Adolescent Physical and Mental Health and Behavioral Outcomes$$$ Background: Many parents use physical forms of punishment, including spanking to correct perceived misbehavior. While some authors suggest spanking/slapping is a distinct and “milder” form of physical punishment, parents’ use of spanking is consistently associated with poor outcomes for their children. However, less is known about the relationship between spanking/slapping and health and behavioral outcomes in adolescence independent of other childhood adversities. Objectives: The objectives of this study were to examine the associations between lifetime experiences of spanking on the bottom and/or slapping on the hand and 3 adolescent outcomes: (a) mental health disorders, (b) physical health conditions, and (c) defiant behaviors, after adjusting for other types of childhood adversities and child maltreatment. Methods: Cross-sectional data from the provincially representative 2014 Ontario Child Health Study (N = 6,537 dwellings, response rate = 50.8%) were used. The current study focused on one selected child aged 14 to 17 years within a household (n = 1,883) with data collected from the adolescent and the parent/caregiver. Logistic regression models were used to identify associations with lifetime experiences of spanking/slapping 3 or more times (vs. 0 to 2 times). Results: Lifetime spanking/slapping was independently associated with increased odds of mental health disorders, physical health conditions, and defiant behaviors in adolescence after adjusting for childhood adversities and child maltreatment (unadjusted and adjusted odds ratios ranging from 1.29 to 2.19). Conclusions: These findings suggest that lifetime spanking/slapping is uniquely associated with harmful mental, physical, and behavioral outcomes in adolescence, and efforts should focus on its prevention. ER  - 
Predictive semiology of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in an epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ Introduction: The diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) is a common clinical dilemma. We sought to assess the diagnostic value of four ictal signs commonly used in differentiating PNES from epileptic seizures (ES). Methods: We retrospectively reviewed consecutive adult video-electroencephalogram (VEM) studies conducted at a single tertiary epilepsy center between May 2009 and August 2016. Each event was assessed by a blinded rater for the presence of four signs: fluctuating course, head shaking, hip thrusting, and back arching. The final diagnosis of PNES or ES was established for each event based on clinical and VEM characteristics. All ES were pooled regardless of focal or generalized onset. We analyzed the odds ratio of each sign in PNES in comparison to ES with adjustment for repeated measures using logistic regression. Additionally, we calculated the sensitivity, specificity, predictive values, and likelihood ratios of each sign to diagnose PNES. Results: A total of 742 events from 140 VEM studies were assessed. Fluctuating course (odds ratio (OR) 37.37, 95% confidence interval (CI) 13.56–102.96, P < 0.0001), head shaking (OR 2.95, 95% CI 1.26–6.79, P = 0.012), and hip thrusting (OR 4.28, 95% CI 1.21–15.18, P = 0.02) were each significantly predictive of PNES. Fluctuating course had the highest sensitivity (76.16%). Back arching (OR 1.06, 95% CI 0.35–3.20, P = 0.92) was not significantly associated with PNES. Conclusion: Fluctuating course, head shaking, and hip thrusting are semiological features significantly more common in PNES than ES. Fluctuating course is the most reliable sign. Back arching does not appear to differentiate PNES from ES. ER  - 
What pharmacological interventions are effective in binge-eating disorder? Insights from a critical evaluation of the evidence from clinical trials$$$ Binge-eating disorder (BED) is the commonest eating disorder and an important causal factor in obesity. Lisdexamfetamine is the only approved pharmacological treatment. Many drugs have been clinically evaluated and several were described as potentially promising treatments. A comprehensive reassessment of the evidence from these clinical trials has been performed. The questions to be answered were: (1) Does the evidence support claims of efficacy? (2) What pharmacological mechanisms show promise for developing new BED drugs? (3) What are the clinical implications for treating BED? PubMed and internal database searches identified every available published drug trial in BED. The trials and their results were summarised and reviewed to re-evaluate the evidence. Factors taken into consideration included psychiatric diagnosis, primary endpoint, secondary outcome measures, trial size, blinding and controls, drop-out rates, placebo response rates and weight-loss. Drugs were classified according to their pharmacology and therapeutic indication to determine which mechanisms were effective and to provide insights into the psychopathology of BED. For most drugs, robust evidence of efficacy in BED is insubstantial or absent. Some catecholaminergic drugs developed for ADHD are also effective in BED; other pharmacological mechanisms are weakly efficacious at best. Reducing BED severity has little impact on weight. Conversely, weight-loss from anti-obesity therapy is ineffective in ameliorating the psychopathological drivers of BED. (1) BED is a psychiatric not a metabolic disorder. (2) Weight-loss drugs are generally ineffective in BED. (3) Efficacy in BED is restricted to powerful catecholaminergic drugs. (4) Drugs acting via noradrenaline, 5-HT, GABA, carbonic anhydrase inhibition, opioid receptors and various ion channels are generally minimally effective at best. (5) Efficacy in BED is dependent on treating its core psychopathology; reducing impulsivity and compulsivity and increasing cognitive restraint over eating. (6) Obese subjects with BED may benefit from separate treatments for these two disorders. ER  - 
Sleep disorders and mental health in hospital workers during the COVID-19 pandemic: a cross-sectional multicenter study in Northern Italy$$$ Introduction: From the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, healthcare workers had to face unprecedented emergency needs associated with an extraordinary amount of psychological distress. In this cross-sectional multicenter study, we investigated sleep disturbances, and the level of anxiety and depression among the healthcare and non-healthcare staff of three hospitals in Milan (Italy) during the COVID-19 outbreak. Moreover, we explored potential predisposing factors for affective symptoms and poor sleep. Methods: Between June and July 2020, we administered an online questionnaire to evaluate the presence of sleep disorders (Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index), insomnia (Sleep Condition Indicator), anxiety (State Trait Anxiety Inventory), and depression (Beck Depression Inventory-II). We used univariate and multivariate analysis to evaluate the association between the personal conditions and sleep and affective disorders. Results: The 964 participants reported high rates of sleep disorders (80.3%)—mainly insomnia (30.5%)—anxiety (69.7%), and depression (32.8%). The multivariate analysis showed a strong association of sleep disorders, especially insomnia, with female gender (p = 0.004), divorced marital status (p = 0.015), self-isolation (p = 0.037), and chronic diseases (p = 0.003). Anxiety was significantly associated with teleworking (p = 0.001), while depressive symptoms were associated with self-isolation (p = 0.028), modified work schedules (p = 0.03), and chronic diseases (p = 0.027). Conclusion: In hospital workers, the high prevalence of sleep and psychiatric symptoms during the COVID-19 outbreak appears to be determined mainly by modifications of personal or work habits. Teleworking was associated with increased anxiety. An accurate planning of hospital activities and a psychological support are needed to prevent and manage sleep and mental disorders. ER  - 
Long-term seizure and psychiatric outcomes following laser ablation of mesial temporal structures$$$ Objective: Postsurgical seizure outcome following laser interstitial thermal therapy (LiTT) for the management of drug-resistant mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE) has been limited to 2 years. Furthermore, its impact on presurgical mood and anxiety disorders has not been investigated. The objectives of this study were (1) to identify seizure outcome changes over a period ranging from 18 to 81 months; (2) to investigate the seizure-free rate in the last follow-up year; (3) to identify the variables associated with seizure freedom; and (4) to identify the impact of LiTT on presurgical mood and anxiety disorders. Methods: Medical records of all patients who underwent LiTT for MTLE from 2013 to 2019 at the University of Miami Comprehensive Epilepsy Center were retrospectively reviewed. Demographic, epilepsy-related, cognitive, psychiatric, and LiTT-related data were compared between seizure-free (Engel Class I) and non-seizure-free (Engel Class II + III + IV) patients. Statistical analyses included univariate and multivariate stepwise logistic regression analyses. Results: Forty-eight patients (mean age = 43 ± 14.2 years, range = 21–78) were followed for a mean period of 50 ± 20.7 months (range = 18–81); 29 (60.4%) achieved an Engel Class I outcome, whereas 11 (22.9%) had one to three seizures/year. Seizure-freedom rate decreased from 77.8% to 50% among patients with 24- and >61-month follow-up periods, respectively. In the last follow-up year, 83% of all patients were seizure-free. Seizure freedom was associated with having mesial temporal sclerosis (MTS), no presurgical focal to bilateral tonic–clonic seizures, and no psychopathology in the last follow-up year. Presurgical mood and/or anxiety disorder were identified in 30 patients (62.5%) and remitted after LiTT in 19 (62%). Significance: LiTT appears to be a safe and effective surgical option for treatment-resistant MTLE, particularly among patients with MTS. Remission of presurgical mood and anxiety disorders can also result from LiTT. ER  - 
Efficacy and Safety Outcomes with Diroximel Fumarate After Switching from Prior Therapies or Continuing on DRF: Results from the Phase 3 EVOLVE-MS-1 Study$$$ Introduction: Diroximel fumarate (DRF) is an oral fumarate for relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) with the same active metabolite as dimethyl fumarate (DMF). DRF has a safety/efficacy profile similar to DMF but with improved gastrointestinal (GI) tolerability and low (< 1%) treatment discontinuation due to GI adverse events (AEs). Efficacy and safety outcomes in patients who switched to DRF from other disease-modifying therapies (DMTs) have not been evaluated. Methods: EVOLVE-MS-1 is an ongoing, 2-year, open-label, phase 3 study of DRF in adults with relapsing–remitting MS. Patients either entered as newly enrolled to DRF trials, or from the 5-week, randomized, head-to-head, phase 3 EVOLVE-MS-2 study of DRF and DMF. This analysis evaluated safety and GI tolerability in patients continuing on DRF (DRF-rollover) or switching from DMF (DMF-rollover) following EVOLVE-MS-2. Safety and efficacy were evaluated in a subset of newly enrolled patients who had received prior glatiramer acetate (GA; GA/DRF) or interferons (IFN; IFN/DRF) as their most recent DMT, prior to switching to DRF in EVOLVE-MS-1. Results: As of September 1, 2020, 1057 patients were enrolled in EVOLVE-MS-1, including 166, 182, 239, and 225 patients in the GA/DRF, IFN/DRF, DRF-rollover, and DMF-rollover groups, respectively. Treatment discontinuation due to GI AEs was < 1% in all groups. GA/DRF and IFN/DRF patients experienced improvements from baseline in clinical and radiological efficacy outcomes, including significantly reduced annualized relapse rates. Rollover patients had low rates of new or recurrent GI AEs (DRF-rollover, 26.8%/4.2%; DMF-rollover, 27.1%/4.9%). Conclusion: After 2 years of DRF exposure, patients with prior GA, IFN, or fumarate treatment had safety outcomes consistent with previous fumarate studies. Efficacy in patients with prior GA or IFN treatment was consistent with previous fumarate studies. The data suggest that transition to DRF from GA, IFN, or DMF is a reasonable treatment strategy, with low rates of discontinuation due to GI AEs. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02634307). Infographic: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] ER  - 
Analysis of clinical characteristics and prognostic factors in 110 patients with nitrous oxide abuse$$$ Purpose: To review the clinical symptoms, auxiliary examination findings, and outcomes of patients with nitrous oxide (N2O) abuse, and analyze the factors that affect outcomes. Methods: Patients with N2O abuse treated in the Department of Neurology between January 2018 and December 2020 were included. The clinical data of these patients were collected, and follow-up was conducted to determine the outcomes. Results: The average age of the 110 patients with N2O abuse was 21.4 ± 4.2 years (range: 14–33 years). Clinical presentation primarily included neurological symptoms, such as limb numbness and/or weakness (97%), psychiatric symptoms, changes in appetite, and skin hyperpigmentation. Laboratory test results were characterized by vitamin B12 deficiency (60%, 34 out of 57 cases) and high homocysteine level (69%, 31 out of 45 cases). Electromyography indicated mixed axonal and demyelination injury (92%, 80 out of 87 cases). Motor and sensory nerves were simultaneously involved, and injury primarily involved the lower limbs. One hundred and seven (97%) patients were clinically diagnosed with peripheral neuropathy, of whom 26 (24%) exhibited spinal abnormalities on magnetic resonance imaging, supporting a diagnosis of subacute combined degeneration. Treatment included N2O withdrawal and vitamin B12 supplementation. Reexamination of six patients indicated that treatment was effective. Follow-up was completed for 51 patients. Thirty-four patients (67%) recovered completely, 17 patients (33%) had residual limb numbness, and only one patient experienced relapse. Sex was an independent prognostic factor; the outcomes of female patients were better than that of male patients. Conclusion: The recreational use of N2O has largely expanded among youth in recent decades, which has become a growing public health concern in China. It highlights the importance of the recognition of various clinical symptoms, particularly limb numbness and/or weakness related to the cases of N2O abuse. The therapeutic administration of vitamin B12 supplementation and N2O withdrawal can make the overall prognosis good, especially for female patients. ER  - 
Adjunctive Brivaracetam in Older Patients with Focal Seizures: Evidence from the BRIVAracetam add‑on First Italian netwoRk Study (BRIVAFIRST)$$$ Background: The management of epilepsy in older adults has become part of daily practice because of an aging population. Older patients with epilepsy represent a distinct and more vulnerable clinical group as compared with younger patients, and they are generally under-represented in randomized placebo-controlled trials. Real-world studies can therefore be a useful complement to characterize the drug’s profile. Brivaracetam is a rationally developed compound characterized by high-affinity binding to synaptic vesicle protein 2A and approved as adjunctive therapy for focal seizures in adults with epilepsy. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the 12-month effectiveness and tolerability of adjunctive brivaracetam in older patients (≥65 years of age) with epilepsy treated in a real-world setting. Methods: The BRIVAFIRST (BRIVAracetam add-on First Italian netwoRk STudy) was a 12-month retrospective multicenter study including adult patients prescribed adjunctive brivaracetam. Effectiveness outcomes included the rates of seizure response (≥50% reduction in baseline seizure frequency), seizure freedom, and treatment discontinuation. Safety and tolerability outcomes included the rate of treatment discontinuation due to adverse events and the incidence of adverse events. Data were compared for patients aged ≥65 years of age (‘older’) vs those aged <65 years (‘younger’). Results: There were 1029 patients with focal epilepsy included in the study, of whom 111 (10.8%) were aged ≥65 years. The median daily dose of brivaracetam at 3 months was 100 [interquartile range, 100–175] mg in the older group and 100 [100–200] mg in the younger group (p = 0.036); it was 150 [100–200] mg in both groups either at 6 months (p = 0.095) or 12 months (p = 0.140). At 12 months, 49 (44.1%) older and 334 (36.4%) younger patients had a reduction in their baseline seizure frequency by at least 50% (p = 0.110), and the seizure freedom rates were 35/111 (31.5%) and 134/918 (14.6%) in older and younger groups, respectively (p < 0.001). During the 1-year study period, 20 (18.0%) patients in the older group and 245 (26.7%) patients in the younger group discontinued brivaracetam (p = 0.048). Treatment withdrawal because of insufficient efficacy was less common in older than younger patients [older: n = 7 (6.3%), younger: n = 152 (16.6%); p = 0.005]. Adverse events were reported by 24.2% of older patients and 30.8% of younger patients (p = 0.185); the most common adverse events were somnolence, nervousness and/or agitation, vertigo, and fatigue in both study groups. Conclusions: Adjunctive brivaracetam was efficacious, had good tolerability, and no new or unexpected safety signals emerged when used to treat older patients with uncontrolled focal seizures in clinical practice. Adjunctive brivaracetam can be a suitable therapeutic option in this special population. ER  - 
Incidence of Atrioventricular Blocks and its Association with In-Hospital Mortality and Morbidity in Patients with Coronavirus Disease 2019$$$ Background: Cardiovascular sequelae of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection have been explored by clinicians and researchers all over the world. Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the incidence of atrioventricular block (AV) in patients hospitalized for COVID-19 and its association between in-hospital morbidity and mortality. Methods: In-hospital electrocardiograms (ECGs) of 438 patients were compared with their prior or baseline ECGs to ascertain the development of new onset AV block. Patients who developed new AV blocks were then followed at 30 and 90 days post-discharge to check for resolution of AV block. Demographic characteristics, clinical characteristics, and complications during their hospital stay were evaluated. Major complications including respiratory failure requiring oxygen supplementation and mechanical ventilation, sepsis, deep vein thrombosis, elevated troponins, hospital and intensive care unit (ICU) length of stay, as well as death were compared between those who developed new onset AV blocks and those who did not. Results: Based on our single center study, the incidence of new onset AV blocks among patients admitted for COVID-19 during the study period was 5.5 cases per 100 patients. New onset AV blocks were not associated with longer hospital and ICU length of stay, increased intubation rates, or increased mortality. Conclusion: Although the development of a new onset AV block is most likely multifactorial and not solely due to COVID-19, it is still important for clinicians to be mindful about the possibility of developing symptomatic bradycardia and life-threatening arrhythmias in patients admitted for COVID-19. This can be achieved by appropriate rhythm monitoring in-patient but the need for a cardiac event monitor upon discharge is unlikely to be necessary. Careful history taking, including family and drug use history is also of great importance as emerging drug therapies for COVID-19 have potential arrhythmogenic effects. ER  - 
Real-world comorbidities of atopic dermatitis in the US adult ambulatory population$$$ Background: Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a pruritic, inflammatory skin disease associated with various comorbidities. However, comprehensive analyses of real-world comorbidities in adult patients with AD are limited. Objective: To characterize the real-world comorbidities associated with adult AD in an ambulatory population. Methods: We queried the MarketScan Commercial Claims and Encounters database from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017. Multivariable logistic regressions were performed to compare comorbidities in adult patients with AD versus age- and sex-matched controls. Results: A total of 39,779 patients with AD and 353,743 controls were identified. Increased odds of psychiatric conditions, including anxiety (odds ratio [OR] 1.44) and mood disorders (OR 1.31), were observed in patients with AD. Patients with AD had higher likelihoods of autoimmune diseases, including vitiligo (OR 4.44) and alopecia areata (OR 6.01). Adult AD was also associated with infections, including impetigo (OR 9.72), methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (OR 3.92), and cellulitis (OR 2.52). Patients with AD were more likely to have systemic conditions, including lymphoid/hematopoietic malignancy (OR 1.91), atherosclerosis (OR 1.69), and metabolic syndrome (OR 1.47). For all the above, P < .001. Limitations: Retrospective analysis of health care claims data. Conclusion: Adult AD is associated with various psychiatric and systemic comorbidities, emphasizing the systemic nature of AD and the need for the collaborative management of these patients. ER  - 
Effects of Obstructive Sleep Apnea on Epilepsy, and Continuous Positive Airway Pressure as a Treatment Option$$$ Purpose: To compare the characteristics of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) between patients with epilepsy and patients without epilepsy and to investigate CPAP (Continuous Positive Airway Pressure) effect on seizures. Methods: Medical and polysomnography (PSG) data from 235 adult OSA patients with epilepsy (OE; 183 males; mean age, 49.8 years) and 268 age-and sex-matched OSA patients without epilepsy (OSE; 216 males; mean age, 51.3 years), obtained between March 2014 and May 2020 and housed in a database in a university-affiliated hospital, were retrospectively reviewed. All subjects completed surveys addressing comorbidities and medications, and sleep-related questionnaires including the Insomnia Severity Index, Epworth Sleepiness Scale, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, and Beck Depression Inventory-II. Results: Compared with the OSE group, the OE group reported fewer sleep-related complaints and less severe OSA-related PSG parameters, with a lower apnea-hypopnea index (24.9 vs. 33.4 events/h; p < 0.003), arousal index (23.3 vs. 30.8 events/h; p < 0.001), and oxygen desaturation index (19.6 vs. 28.8; p < 0.002). The OE group had fewer smokers and lower alcohol consumption but a higher body mass index (27.0 vs. 25.9 kg/m2; p < 0.001). No correlations were observed between OSA-related PSG parameters and epilepsy-related factors, such as age at seizure onset, seizure type, frequency of seizures, presence of nocturnal seizures, and number of antiseizure medications, in the OE group. Patients with OE who demonstrated good compliance with CPAP therapy exhibited a decrease in seizure frequency. Conclusions: The OE group exhibited less severe disease characteristics than their age-and sex-matched OSE counterparts. Nevertheless, because the coexistence of OSA and epilepsy is high, CPAP therapy can reduce the frequency of seizures. Therefore, it is important to evaluate the presence of OSA in patients with epilepsy and to treat the conditions concurrently. ER  - 
Cerebral creatine deficiency disorders – A clinical, genetic and follow up study from India$$$ Introduction: Cerebral creatine deficiency syndromes (CCDS) are a group of potentially treatable neurometabolic disorders. The clinical, genetic profile and follow up outcome of Indian CCDS patients is presented. Materials and methods: This was a retrospective cohort of CCDS patients seen over six-years. Diagnosis was based either on low creatine peak on proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) and/or genetic evaluation. Results: Thirteen patients were eligible [8 creatine transporter deficiency (CTD), 4 guanidinoacetate methyltransferase (GAMT) deficiency and 1 could not be classified]. The mean (±SD) age at diagnosis was 7.2(±5.0) years. Clinical manifestations included intellectual disability (ID) with significant expressive speech delay in all. Most had significant behavior issues (8/13) and/or autism (8/13). All had history of convulsive seizures (11/13 had epilepsy; 2 patients only had febrile seizures) and 2/13 had movement disorder. Constipation was the commonest non-neurological manifestation (5/13 patients). Cranial MRI was normal in all CTD patients but showed globus pallidus hyperintensity in all four with GAMT deficiency. MRS performed in 11/13 patients, revealed abnormally low creatine peak. A causative genetic variant (novel mutation in nine) was identified in 12 patients. Three GAMT deficiency and one CTD patient reported neurodevelopmental improvement and good seizure control after creatine supplementation. Conclusion: Intellectual disability, disproportionate speech delay, autism, and epilepsy, were common in our CCDS patients. A normal structural neuroimaging with easily controlled febrile and/or afebrile seizures differentiated CTD from GAMT deficiency patients who had abnormal neuroimaging and often difficult to control epilepsy and movement disorder. ER  - 
Clinical Spectrum and CSF Findings in Patients with West-Nile Virus Infection, a Retrospective Cohort Review$$$ West Nile Virus (WNV) infection is a world-wide zoonotic disease transmitted by mosquitoes. The infection is usually self-limiting; however, elderly patients or those with comorbidities are pre-disposed to developing severe, and sometimes fatal complications of the infection. Recently, the incidence of WNV infection in Europe had seen a sharp increase, as compared to previous years. We are currently reporting on the clinical presentation and laboratory findings in 23 cases of WNV infection, of which one resulted in a fatal outcome. The clinical picture was predominantly that of meningitis/meningoencephalitis of varying severity. One patient suffered a fatal outcome, and a rare manifestation of chorioretinal lesions and iridocyclitis was also reported as a result of WNV infection. Cerebrospinal fluid analysis predominantly showed lymphocytic pleocytosis, and total protein levels were increased in all but three of the patients. Levels of total protein in CSF samples were found to show a positive correlation with age. Given the ever-increasing incidence of WNV infection in Europe, a high index of clinical suspicion should always accompany cases of meningitis, especially during the summer period, as a similar epidemic pattern is predicted to recur. ER  - 
Prevalence of suboptimal dosing of methadone and buprenorphine and associated factors in opioid dependent patients$$$ Background. Optimal methadone and buprenorphine dosing is the cornerstone in the treatment of opioid dependence for achieving the foremost treatment outcomes. However, little is known about the prescribing of both medications in treating opioid-dependent patients in communities served by NHS Lanarkshire, Scotland. Aim. This study assesses the prevalence of suboptimal methadone and buprenorphine dosing and examines the role of sociodemographic factors, lifestyle char-acteristics, health conditions, and the use of medications in suboptimal dosing among opioid-dependent patients in hos-pitals, clinics and health centres connected to NHS Lanarkshire. Methods. The approach involved retrospective analysis of pre-collected data by the addiction and substance misuse teams spanning a period from April 2018 to March 2019 in NHS Lanarkshire, Scotland. Binary logistic regression analysis was conducted to identify and examine the association between suboptimal methadone and buprenorphine dosing, and demographic and clinical factors among a total of 410 adult patients (age ≥ 18 years) with a confirmed diagnosis of opioid dependence. Results. Among opioid-dependent patients in NHS Lanarkshire (n = 410), the prevalence of suboptimal methadone and buprenorphine dosing was estimated to be 16.3%. Patients aged > 40 years old (OR, 1.45; 95% CI, 0.82-2.56), the presence of COPD comorbidity (OR, 2.23; 95% CI, 1.02-4.89), the use of two concomitant medications (OR, 1.70; 95% CI, 0.88-3.28), and the use of anti-depressants (OR, 1.48; 95% CI, 0.88-2.52) significantly increased the likelihood of suboptimal OAT dosing. Conclusions. These results provide important clues in identifying possible risk factors for suboptimal OAT dosing in opioid-dependent patients, highlighting the need to optimise OAT dosing in those with modifiable risk factors. This will help achieve better treatment outcomes while consistently monitoring patients with unmodifiable risk factors to minimise their likelihood of experienc-ing adverse events, including the risk of drug overdose or toxicity. ER  - 
DNA methylation episignature in Gabriele-de Vries syndrome$$$ Purpose: Gabriele-de Vries syndrome (GADEVS) is a rare genetic disorder characterized by developmental delay and/or intellectual disability, hypotonia, feeding difficulties, and distinct facial features. To refine the phenotype and to better understand the molecular basis of the syndrome, we analyzed clinical data and performed genome-wide DNA methylation analysis of a series of individuals carrying a YY1 variant. Methods: Clinical data were collected for 13 individuals not yet reported through an international call for collaboration. DNA was collected for 11 of these individuals and 2 previously reported individuals in an attempt to delineate a specific DNA methylation signature in GADEVS. Results: Phenotype in most individuals overlapped with the previously described features. We described 1 individual with atypical phenotype, heterozygous for a missense variant in a domain usually not involved in individuals with YY1 pathogenic missense variations. We also described a specific peripheral blood DNA methylation profile associated with YY1 variants. Conclusion: We reported a distinct DNA methylation episignature in GADEVS. We expanded the clinical profile of GADEVS to include thin/sparse hair and cryptorchidism. We also highlighted the utility of DNA methylation episignature analysis for classification of variants of unknown clinical significance. ER  - 
Utility of electroencephalogram in the pediatric emergency department$$$ Introduction: Electroencephalograms (EEG) can be helpful in evaluating patients presenting to the emergency department (ED). Methods: We reviewed the charts of patients who had an EEG done in the ED at Dayton Children's Hospital in Dayton, Ohio from 2010 to 2018. We divided the indication for EEG into 6 categories, 1) suspected new onset seizures, 2) recurrent seizures, 3) altered mental status, 4) death, 5) non-convulsive status epilepticus, and 6) psychogenic seizures. We collected data on age, gender, suspected diagnosis, EEG result, outcome of the visit in terms of discharge versus inpatient admission, follow up of the patient with respect to a) diagnosis, b) medication, c) recurrent visit to the ED, and d) clinical outcome over a two-year follow up. We also collected data on the results of the subsequent video EEG in patients who had an EEG in the ED and determined whether the video EEG had the same results and/or added any additional information. Results: We studied 162 patients (mean ± SD age 7.8 ± 5.8 years, 42.6% females) with routine EEG in the ED from 2010 to 2018. In 142 patients (87.7%), the EEG was helpful in confirming or ruling out the suspected diagnosis. For the indications of new onset seizures (n = 90), recurrent seizures (n = 48), acute mental status change (n = 22), and psychogenic seizures (n = 5), the EEG was useful in 91.1%, 81.3%, 81.8%, and 100% respectively. Of the 162 patients, 58 were discharged and 104 were admitted. For the 142 patients in whom the routine EEG was diagnostically useful, 59.9% were admitted, compared to 95.0% of the 20 patients in whom the EEG did not help in clarifying the diagnosis (p = 0.002). In 31 of the admitted patients, a video EEG was done. In the 31 patients who obtained video EEG, it did not add any additional information in 23 patients while in 8 patients (25.8%) the video EEG provided additional information that was useful for diagnosis and management. Conclusions: EEG done in the ED is a useful diagnostic tool that may prevent admission to the hospital. Video EEGs should be considered in patients where the diagnosis is uncertain despite obtaining a routine EEG in the ED. ER  - 
Obesity and co-occurring conditions among adolescents with autism spectrum disorder: The National Survey of Children's Health 2017–2018$$$ Background: Given the increased risk of obesity and neurodevelopmental and mental health conditions in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder (ASD), research on potential associations between obesity and such co-occurring conditions in this population is warranted. This study examined the prevalence of and association between obesity and neurodevelopmental and mental health co-occurring conditions among adolescents with ASD aged 10–17 years (n = 911) using 2017–2018 National Survey of Children's Health (NSCH) data, adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics. Methods: Frequency distributions were generated, and chi-square tests were conducted to examine the association between obesity and several co-occurring conditions. For conditions that were significantly associated with obesity in the chi-square tests, crude odds of obesity were calculated, and multiple logistic regression was conducted to adjust for age, gender, race/ethnicity, and household income. Results: The prevalence of obesity was 25.1 %. Based on chi-square tests, obesity was significantly associated with depression (p < 0.0001), anxiety (p = 0.0096), and Tourette Syndrome (p = 0.0330). There was no association between obesity and intellectual disability, learning disability, speech problems, developmental delay, epilepsy or seizure disorder, cerebral palsy, or ADHD. Adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics, the odds of obesity were increased among those with depression (OR 3.0, 95 % CI 1.7–5.1) and anxiety (OR 2.3, 95 % CI 1.2–4.6) but not Tourette Syndrome. Conclusions: Odds of obesity were greater among adolescents with ASD who also had depression and anxiety. Longitudinal studies are needed to explore the directionality of associations between obesity and mental health co-occurring conditions, such as depression and anxiety, among adolescents with ASD. ER  - 
Prevalence and biopsychosocial factors associated with treatment adherence among people with epilepsy in a tertiary care hospital in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia$$$ Objectives: To identify the magnitude of treatment adherence among people with epilepsy (PWE) and the impact of sociodemographic, medical and psychosocial factors on treatment adherence. Methods: A quantitative cross-sectional observational study was performed based on data collected from adult patients attending the epilepsy clinic, King Saud University Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Patients completed paper-based questionnaires including a sociodemographic, cultural, psychiatric history and medical history sections. In addition to that we evaluated treatment adherence by visual-analogue scale (VAS), depressive symptoms by PHQ-9, anxiety symptoms by GAD7, physical symptoms by PHQ-15, attachment style by ECR16 and cognitive impairment by MOCA. Results: A total of 207 patients participated, with a mean age of 34 years;.53.6% were female. The mean patient-reported adherence to their treatment regimen was 81.6%±18.4%. Univariate analysis revealed statistically significant negative associations between depression, anxiety and physical symptoms and treatment adherence. However, multiple linear regression analysis only showed physical symptoms to be a significant predictor for epilepsy medication adherence. Conclusion: Somatic (physical) complaints could be important predictors of treatment adherence in (PWE). This study is one of the first to suggest the importance of targeting physical symptoms in screening and intervention approaches to improve Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) adherence. ER  - 
Microsurgical Management of Complex Hypothalamic Hamartomas in the Era of Minimally Invasive Therapy: A Case Series and Narrative Review$$$ Background: There has been a paradigm shift in the management of hypothalamic hamartoma (HH) from traditional microsurgical techniques to less invasive alternatives. However, large and extensive HH may fail to respond to these therapies, necessitating craniotomies. Methods: All patients who underwent microsurgical resection of a complex HH by the 2 senior authors from 2011 to 2021 were included. Charts were retrospectively reviewed and demographic, clinical, imaging, and outcome data were recorded. Results: Eight patients (mean age, 7 years) were included. Two had failed previous treatments. All 7 presented with gelastic seizures and cognitive dysfunction, 6 showed central precocious puberty, and 3 had behavioral problems. The mean lesion size was 21.6 mm and all had interpeduncular extension, 5 had intraventricular extension (Delalande type I, 3; type III, 4; type IV, 1). A frontotemporal orbitozygomatic approach with optic nerve decompression was used in all patients, supplemented by another approach in 3 (endoscopic transventricular, 3; transcallosal, 1). Gross total resection was achieved in 6 patients and subtotal resection in 2. Transient complications occurred in 3 patients (37.5%): self-limited sodium imbalance (n = 3), subdural hygroma (n = 2). Permanent complications occurred in 2 patients (25%): perforator infarct (n = 1) and short-term memory loss (n = 1). All patients experienced seizure resolution with preserved hypothalamic-pituitary axis function. After a mean follow-up of 41 months (range, 2–66 months), 7 patients remained seizure free, and 1 had rare seizures. Cognitive and behavioral symptoms improved in all patients. Conclusions: For large HH with interpeduncular extension, microsurgery via the frontotemporal orbitozygomatic approach is a safe and highly effective treatment modality. ER  - 
Effect of pharmaceutical care program on depression among women with epilepsy: A randomized controlled trial (IPHIWWE study)$$$ Depression is the most frequent comorbidity of epilepsy, and they are both complex chronic diseases that affect health-related quality of life (HRQOL), especially in women. Pharmaceutical care may contribute significantly to the improvement of HRQOL in women with epilepsy (WWE), with the involvement of the pharmacist in the healthcare team treatments could be optimized and negative outcomes related to medication reduced. This was a randomized controlled trial involving WWE over 18 years of age. The intervention group (IG) received a Pharmaceutical care program consisting of medication review follow-up according to Dáder's method, health education, aids for adherence to treatment, registration of seizures and possible triggers, and therapeutic drug monitoring of anticonvulsants. The control group (CG) received the usual care in the institution. The impact in depression was assessed by changes in the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression (CES-D) scale, which was applied both at the first and the last interviews, six months later. One hundred eighty-two WWE entered the study and 144 (79.1%) completed it. At the beginning of the study, 48.95% showed signs of depression, decreasing to 30.43% for the patients in the IG (p-value = 0.0238), while for the patients in the CG it remained at 47.30% (p-value = 0.8693). The Wilcoxon test for comparing the change (Δ) (before-after) in the CES-D scores, between groups, yielded a w = 3138.5, p-value = 0.01802 proving there were statistically significant differences. The study proved that the application of a Pharmaceutical Care program significantly decreases signs of depression in WWE. These results allow us to recommend the implementation of the Pharmaceutical care programs to improve the depression in WWE. Trial registration: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN46864306 IPHIWWE study. ER  - 
Benzodiazepine Treatment and Hospital Course of Medical Inpatients With Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome in the Veterans Health Administration$$$ Objective: To describe initial benzodiazepine dosing strategies and factors associated with variation in benzodiazepine dosing in a national cohort of hospitalized patients with alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS). Patients and Methods: This cross-sectional study included adult patients with AWS admitted to medical services and treated with benzodiazepines at 93 Veterans Health Administration hospitals in 2013. Treatment was categorized by initial benzodiazepine dosing strategy—fixed-dose, symptom-triggered, or front-loading. Associations with patient characteristics, facility, and cumulative benzodiazepine exposure, intensive care, and intubation were evaluated. Results: Among 6938 medical inpatients with AWS, 2909 (41.9%), 2829 (40.8%), and 1200 (17.3%) received treatment with symptom-triggered, fixed-dose, and front-loading benzodiazepines, respectively. The magnitude of differences in initial treatment associated with patient characteristics was small compared with differences associated with the predominant practice at a facility. Compared with fixed-dose therapy, symptom-triggered therapy was associated with higher cumulative benzodiazepine exposure (mean, 208-mg vs 182-mg diazepam equivalents) and higher probability of intensive care and intubation (28.2% vs 21.3% and 4.8% vs 3.5%, respectively). Conclusion: This study revealed that real-world AWS treatment of medical inpatients was often inconsistent with published guidelines recommending symptom-triggered long-acting benzodiazepines for AWS. The facility where a patient was hospitalized was associated with marked treatment variation. In contrast to prior randomized controlled trials conducted in specialized detoxification units, hospitalized patients who received symptom-triggered therapy in this study had greater cumulative benzodiazepine exposure and higher probability of intensive care and intubation than those receiving fixed-dose therapy. ER  - 
Decreased hippocampal serotonin 5HT1A expression in mesial temporal lobe of epilepsy patients$$$ Introduction: Mesial temporal lobe epilepsy related to hippocampal sclerosis (MTLE-HS) is a surgically remediable epilepsy with a relatively high prevalence and psychiatric comorbidities. Depressive disorders may occur in up to 25% of MTLE-HS patients suggesting a common molecular mechanism underlying both conditions. Objective: To compare the gene expression comprising serotonin 5HT1A and 5HT2A, noradrenaline (NA) ADRA1A, and ADRA2A receptors in the hippocampus of MTLE-HS patients with and without major depression. Methods: A cross-sectional study allocated 31 patients in three groups: MTLE-HS without psychiatric diagnosis (MTLE-HS group), MTLE-HS with major depression (MTLE-HS-D group) and a control group consisting of healthy volunteers without any neurological or psychiatric disorders. Demographic and clinical characteristics were compared among groups. Gene expression of receptors were analyzed using general linear mixed models (GLMM), with an unstructured matrix, normal link. Results: The three groups showed a similar distribution regarding age, gender (p > 0.16), history of initial precipitating injury, family history of epilepsy, monthly frequency of seizures, side of hippocampal sclerosis, interictal spike distribution and anti-seizure medications did not differ between MTLE-HS and MTLE-HS-D groups (p > 0.05). We observed a greater expression of the 5HT1A receptor in the control group when compared to the MTLE-HS (P = .004) and MTLE-HS-D (P = .007). Nevertheless, we did not observe any difference when MTLE-HS and MTLE-HS-D groups were compared to the controls for the ADRA1A (P = .931; P = .931), ADRA2A (P = .120; P = .121) and 5HT2A (P = .638; P = .318, respectively) gene expression. Conclusion: Mesial temporal lobe epilepsy related to hippocampal sclerosis and MTLE-HS-D patients showed a lowered expression of the 5HT1A receptors when compared with the controls adjusted for age and schooling. Data suggest that temporal lobe epilepsy plasticity may affect serotonin receptors, which may lead to more frequent cases of major depression in this population. More studies comprising wider samples are necessary to confirm these results; they also should investigate serotonin reuptake drugs as an adjuvant therapeutic option for MTLE-HS disorder. ER  - 
Motor and behavioral phenotype of Dravet syndrome in adulthood$$$ In a comparative cross-sectional study, 26 adult individuals with clinically typical, genetically confirmed Dravet syndrome (DS) and an equal number of individuals with early onset, problematic epilepsy, and intellectual disability (ID) of comparable severity were included. The aim of the study was to find out whether patients with DS could be clearly distinguished from the comparison group with regard to neurological and behavioral symptoms. Significant differences were found in that individuals with DS clearly more frequently exhibited a symptom cluster characterized by bradykinesia, hypomimia, hypophonia, (spastic) increased muscle tone, ataxia, sthenic perseveration, and a special interest in colors. To these symptoms must be added, according to the findings of previous examinations, mastication, camptocormia/antecollis on the one hand, and the tendency to visual hallucinations on the other hand, in order to define one neuropsychiatric phenotype of DS in adulthood. To these symptoms must be added, according to the findings of previous investigations, crouch gait with camptocormia/antecollis on the one hand, and the tendency to visual hallucinations on the other hand, in order to define one outlined neuropsychiatric phenotype of DS in adulthood. ER  - 
Aggression is more strongly associated with suicidality, independent of depression, than emotional instability and impulsivity in people with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We evaluated the relative contributions of emotional instability, impulsivity, and aggression to the presence of suicide risk in people with epilepsy after adjusting for depressive symptoms. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study that used the short form of the Affective Lability Scale (ALS-18), the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale Version 11 (BIS-11), the Brief Aggression Questionnaire (BAQ), and the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9). Suicidality was assessed using the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI), and the presence of suicide risk was defined as a MINI suicidality score ≥1. Stepwise logistic regression and mediation analyses using a two-stage regression method were performed. Results: Of the 171 subjects (63.2% men) included, suicide risk was present in 38 subjects (22.2%). The stepwise logistic regression analysis identified four variables that were independently associated with suicide risk: higher PHQ-9 score, higher BAQ score, longer duration of epilepsy, and unemployment. The univariate analysis showed that ALS-18 and BIS-11 scores were significantly associated with suicide risk; however, they were backward eliminated from the logistic model according to the criterion of p > 0.1. The mediating effects of ALS-18 and BIS-11 scores on suicide risk via PHQ-9 scores (but not BAQ scores) were significant, with the proportion mediated 61.5% and 54.0% of the total effect, respectively. Conclusions: Alongside depressive symptoms, aggression may be a more useful concept than emotional instability and impulsivity for identifying suicidal risk in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Perampanel add-on therapy for drug-refractory epilepsy: A single-center retrospective study based on 6-month treatment outcomes in Central China$$$ Objective: To systematically evaluate the efficacy, tolerability and retention of perampanel (PER) for treating drug-refractory epilepsy (DRE), and to investigate the independent factors affecting efficacy and retention. We hope this will provide clinicians with guidelines for the use of PER to treat patients with DRE. Methods: We conducted a single-center retrospective observational study of patients with DRE who received PER as add-on therapy at the Epilepsy Center of the People's Hospital of Henan Province, China, between 2020 Mar. and 2021 Sep. We collected clinical data from these patients. The observation period was 6 months. The observation endpoint is the drug response and retention rate at 6 months of PER use. Regression analyses were used to compare the differences in efficacy and retention rates, respectively. Results: Clinical data were obtained for 72 patients with DRE (mean duration of treatment: 10.6 months). At 6 months, 25% of patients (n = 18) were seizure free; 18.1% of patients (n = 13) remained seizure free for 6 months after the addition of PER. 22.2% of patients (n = 16) had a response (One of the patients was withdrawn 5 months after adding PER due to financial difficulties). The retention rate of PER at 6 months was 77.8%. Adverse effects tended to be dominated by neuropsychiatric symptoms. Multifactorial logistic regression analysis showed significant differences in whether the baseline seizure frequency exceeded 4 seizures/month (OR = 0.232, 95%CI: 0.077–0.702, p = 0.01) and whether the number of previously failed ASMs exceeded 3 (OR = 0.316; 95%CI:0.109–0.920, p = 0.035). This indicates that the risk of experiencing a nonresponse is higher with a higher baseline seizure frequency as well as with a higher number of previous ASM failures. Therefore, a baseline frequency exceeding four seizures/month and more than three previous ASM failures were independent influencing factors for PER addition treatment for patients with DRE. Multifactorial COX regression showed that patients with DRE due to infection had a lower retention rate (OR = 15.957, 95% CI: 3.692–68.972, P < 0.001) than patients with DRE due to other noninfectious etiologies. Patients with DRE who only had a single seizure type (OR = 0.053, 95% CI:0.006–0.476, P = 0.009), and patients who did not have cognitive impairment (OR = 134.253, 95% CI:5.623–3205.104, P = 0.002) showed longer durations of PER use. Infection-related epilepsy etiology, experiencing multiple types of seizures, and with cognitive impairment were independent influencing factors on PER use retention in patients with DRE. Conclusion: Our study demonstrated the efficacy of PER for reducing seizure frequency in patients with DRE and found significant differences in efficacy and retention rate, respectively. This provides a basis for assessing the expected efficacy and duration of use of PER for patients with DRE. ER  - 
Concealment behaviors in Korean adults with epilepsy: Their relationships to social anxiety and seizure severity independent of felt stigma$$$ Purpose: This study assessed whether seizure severity and social anxiety were related to self-disclosure or concealment behaviors independent of felt stigma in Korean adults with epilepsy. Methods: This multicenter, cross-sectional study used the Disclosure Management Scale (DMS), the short forms of the Social Phobia Scale (SPS-6) and Social Interaction Anxiety Scale (SIAS-6), and the Stigma Scale-Revised to evaluate Korean adults with epilepsy. Seizure severity was measured as a composite variable, and multivariate linear regression analyses were performed to assess whether seizure severity and social anxiety were related to concealment behaviors. Results: The 315 subjects included 132 (41.9%) women and 183 (58.1%) men. Of these subjects, 212 (67.3%) reported rarely or never talking to others about their epilepsy, whereas only 98 (31.1%) stated that they rarely or never kept their epilepsy secret from others. Linear regression analyses showed that concealment behaviors were positively correlated with degree of social anxiety (on separate models using the SIAS-6 and SPS-6) and felt stigma, and negatively associated with level of seizure severity. Both models accounted for about 14% of the variance in DMS scores. Conclusions: The majority of Korean adults with epilepsy choose concealment and selective disclosure strategies. Social anxiety and seizure severity along with felt stigma play significant roles in deciding whether to disclose or conceal a diagnosis of epilepsy. The explanatory power of these models was weak. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: Are they a freeze reaction?$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) clinically resemble epileptic seizures (ES) but lack epileptic activity at the time of the seizure and are also not due to any other pathophysiological disorder. The integrative cognitive model (ICM) suggests that PNES is an automatic reaction generated from distorted memory and is perceived as uncontrollable and unwanted. Furthermore, the ICM model implies that a PNES event occurs due to an external or internal cue. Intrigued by this assumption, we wanted to examine why a PNES event occurs at a particular moment by investigating the pre-ictal behavior. This study is a retrospective study. We included all patients diagnosed with PNES or ES admitted to our long-term video-EEG monitoring unit (LTVEM) between 01/01/2018 and 30/08/2020. Using thorough video analysis, we checked the patient's state at the onset of the event and looked back to see what the patient was doing before the event onset. We defined 4 types of pre-ictal behavior A. Inactivity. B. Environment arrangement c. Other. D. No apparent pre-ictal behavior. Thirty patients with PNES and 30 patients with ES were included in the study. In total, 46 PNES events and 56 ES events were recorded and analyzed. In 33 /46 PNES seizures (72%), a type A, A + B or C pre-ictal behavior was observed compared to 1/56 ES (1.78%) with type A pre-ictal behavior. All other pre-ictal behavior in the ES group were of type D. Patients with PNES have a unique pre-ictal behavior before most PNES events with motor manifestations. Since the pre-ictal behavior consists mainly of inactivity, we believe it may imply that PNES represents a freeze reaction or a reconstruction of a freeze reaction. ER  - 
Nonepileptic attacks in patients with brain tumor-related epilepsy$$$ Epileptic seizures are well recognized as a presenting symptom in patients with brain tumors, however much less is known about coexisting nonepileptic attack disorder (NEAD) in this population. Establishing a diagnosis of NEAD can be challenging, especially in those with concomitant epilepsy. Nonepileptic attack disorder is associated with a high rate of morbidity, often due to coexisting psychological factors which may require the input of multiple services. In an era where early aggressive management of tumors is enabling patients to live longer, the associated psychological impact of adjusting to physical disease is increasingly apparent. In this case series, we present a narrative summary of 9 patients referred to neurology with brain tumor-related epilepsy (BTRE) over a five-year period (2015–2020) who also experienced NEAD. We describe their tumor characteristics, treatment course, and factors potentially contributing to their presentation. We conducted a case note review of patients presenting to the epilepsy service with BTRE, in whom NEAD was diagnosed based on clinical features and correlation with their EEG. Patients ranged in age from 26 to 63 years. Two patients were diagnosed with grade 1, three with grade 2 and four with grade 3 tumors. Tumors localized to frontal or temporal regions in seven cases. All patients presented initially with BTRE and developed nonepileptic seizures subsequently. Four patients developed NEAD within 1 month of their tumor diagnosis. One patient developed NEAD 79 months following diagnosis. The diagnosis of NEAD was established in 8 patients by direct visualization of attacks (two during concomitant EEG recording). In the remaining patient, diagnosis was based on history (patient and witness). Six patients were diagnosed with concomitant low mood and/ or anxiety and three were commenced on antidepressant medication. At the time of last review, the predominant attacks were nonepileptic in all but one patient. ER  - 
MEASURING AMBULATION, MOTOR, AND BEHAVIORAL OUTCOMES WITH POST-STROKE FLUOXETINE IN TANZANIA: THE Phase II MAMBO TRIAL$$$ We test the safety of fluoxetine post-ischemic stroke in Sub-Saharan Africa. Adults with acute ischemic stroke, seen <14 days since new-onset motor deficits, were enrolled from 11/2019– 10/2020 in a single-arm, open-label phase II trial of daily fluoxetine 20mg for 90 days at Muhimbili National Hospital, Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. The primary outcome was safety with secondary outcomes of medication adherence and tolerability. 34 patients were enrolled (11 female; mean age 52.2 years, 65% <60 years old; mean 3.3 days since symptom onset). Participants had hypertension (74%), diabetes (18%), and smoked cigarettes (18%). The median National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score at enrollment was 10.5. The median Fugl Meyer Motor Scale score was 28.5 (upper extremity 8, lower extremity 17.5). 32/34 participants (91%) survived to 90 days. There were 8 serious and 2 non-serious adverse events. Deaths occurred due to gastrointestinal illness with low serum sodium (nadir 120 mmol/L) with seizure and gastrointestinal bleed from gastric cancer. The average sodium level at 90 days was 139 mmol/L (range 133–146) and alanine transaminase was 28 U/L (range 10–134). Fluoxetine adherence was 96%. The median mRS among survivors at 90 days was 2 and Fugl Meyer Motor Scale score was 66 (upper extremity 40, lower extremity 27). Median 90-day Patient Health Questionnaire-9 and Montgomery-Åsberg scores were 3.5 and 4 (minimal depression). Fluoxetine administration for 90 days post-stroke in Sub-Saharan Africa was generally safe and well-tolerated, but comorbid illness presentations were fatal in 2/34 cases, even after careful participant selection. ER  - 
Clinical analysis of adult MOG antibody-associated cortical encephalitis$$$ Objective: To describe the clinical and neuroimaging features, treatment response and outcomes of adult myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein (MOG) antibody-associated cortical encephalitis. Methods: In this retrospective study, adult patients fulling the criteria of encephalitis but not fulfilling those of ADEM and tested positive for serum MOG antibody were recruited from Xiangya Hospital, Central South University (2019-2021). Clinical symptoms, laboratory data, imaging, and outcomes were analyzed. Results: Eleven MOG antibody-associated cortical encephalitis patients consisting of 4 female (36.4%) and 7 male (63.6%) were included with a median onset age of 27 years (ranging: 16–32 years). Fever (8/11), headache (9/11) and seizures (7/11) were the most common symptoms of adult MOG cortical encephalitis, and generalized seizure was the dominant seizure type (4/7). Increased intracranial pressure (5/10, median 280 mm H2O, ranging 240-380 mm H2O), CSF pleocytosis (5/10, median 48 cells/μL, ranging: 18–1800 cells/μL), and protein elevation (4/10, median 0.67 g/L, ranging: 0.46–1.92 g/L) were common. Serum MOG antibody was detected in all patients and the coexistence of CSF NMDAR antibody was found in one case. Imaging showed abnormal brain MRI in 10 patients (90.9%) and 10/10 had the cortical involvement. 8/10 had unilateral lesions while 2/10 had bilateral lesions. 2/10 had the juxta cortical white matter lesions and 2/10 had the corpus callosum lesions. No involvement of deep gray matter or other white matter structure was noted. 5/11 had leptomeningeal and/or lesional enhancements. 10/11 patients had favorable outcomes and 2/11 had clinical relapses with persisting MOG antibody positive during the median follow-up interval of 10 months (ranging: 3-23months). Conclusion: Atypical clinical features for demyelinating diseases including seizures, remarkably increased intracranial pressure, pleocytosis, and protein elevation are common in MOG cortical encephalitis. Involvement of the corpus callosum and cortex around the midline could be unique imaging features of MOG antibody-associated bilateral cortical encephalitis. ER  - 
Severe Congenital Syphilis in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit: A Retrospective Case Series$$$ Background: There has been a 291% relative increase in congenital syphilis CS cases in the United States from 2015 to 2019. Although the majority of affected fetuses/infants are stillborn or are asymptomatic, a subset is born with severe clinical illness. We describe a series of severe CS cases in the neonatal intensive care unit. Methods: Retrospective review of infants with CS, admitted to the Duke Intensive Care Nursery from June 2016 to February 2020. We recorded birthweight, gestational age, medications, procedures, diagnoses, laboratory data and outcomes. Severe symptoms included: birth depression, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy HIE, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy and/or persistent pulmonary hypertension PPHN. Results: Seven infants with CS were identified and 5 with severe presentations were included. Median gestational age was 35.1 weeks range: 29-37 weeks, median: 35 weeks. All infants required intubation at birth, 2 required chest compressions and epinephrine in the delivery room. One had hydrops fetalis and died in the delivery room. All 4 surviving infants had HIE, severe PPHN, hepatitis and seizures. All infants had a positive rapid plasma reagin, and were treated with penicillin G. Maternal rapid plasma reagin was pending for 3 of 5 infants at delivery, and later returned positive; 2 were positive during pregnancy but not treated. Other infectious work-up was negative. Three infants survived to discharge. Conclusion: CS can be associated with HIE, PPHN and disseminated intravascular coagulopathy in affected infants. Clinicians should have a high index of suspicion and include CS in their differential diagnoses. This study also highlights the importance of adequate treatment of identified cases and screening during the third trimester and at delivery. ER  - 
Effects of multisite anodal transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive stimulation in patients with Alzheimer's disease and its neurophysiological correlates: A double-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: We aimed to examine the effects of multisite anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with cognitive stimulation (CS) over 2 months on cognitive performance and brain activity, and the relationship between them, in patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD). Methods: Patients with AD were randomly assigned to an active tDCS+CS (n=18) or a sham tDCS+CS (n=18) group. Cognitive performance was assessed using the Alzheimer Disease Assessment Scale-cognitive subscale (ADAS-cog) and brain activity using EEG (spectral power and coherence analysis) before and after the intervention. Multisite anodal tDCS (2 mA, 30 min) was applied over six brain regions [left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (F3 and F4), Broca's area (F5), Wernicke's area (CP5), left and right somatosensory association cortex (P3 and P4)] for 24 sessions (three times a week). Both groups performed CS during tDCS. Results: Anodal tDCS+CS delays cognitive decline (ADAS-cog change) to a greater extent than sham tDCS+CS (-3.4±1.1 vs. -1.7±0.4; p=.03). Bilateral EEG coherence at high and low frequencies was greater for the active tDCS+CS than sham+CS group for most electrode pairs assessed (p <.05). The post-intervention ADAS-cog change score was predictive for EEG coherence at different sites (R²=.59 to.68; p <.05) in the active but not in the sham tDCS+CS group. Conclusion: Anodal tDCS+CS improved overall cognitive function and changed EEG brain activity compared to sham tDCS+CS. Changes in cognitive performance were associated with changes in EEG measures of brain activity. Anodal tDCS+CS appears to be a promising therapeutic strategy to modulate cortical activity and improve cognitive function in patients with AD. ER  - 
Hypocalcemia as the Initial Presentation of Type 2 Bartter Syndrome: A Family Report$$$ Context: Bartter syndrome (BS) is a group of rare autosomal-recessive tubulopathies characterized by hypokalemic, hypochloremic metabolic alkalosis in which the primary defect is a deficiency of transporters involved in sodium chloride reabsorption. Type 2 BS results from a defect in the renal outer medullary potassium channel encoded by the KCNJ1 gene. Type 2 BS presents with polyhydramnios, intrauterine growth retardation, prematurity, failure to thrive, polyuria, hypercalciuria, and life-threatening episodes of dehydration. Hypocalcemia is a very rare presenting symptom of BS, with only a few published cases reporting it as the initial manifestation of type 2 BS. Objective: To describe a child who presented with hypocalcemic seizure at the age of 2.3 years that was first related to vitamin D deficiency and high-phosphate soft drink consumption. Methods: Whole exome sequencing (WES) was used to evaluate the biochemical abnormalities of the proband. Results: We identified a previously described homozygous missense mutation c.212C>T, p.T71M in the KCNJ1 gene associated with type 2 BS. Six additional family members with the same mutation and diagnosed clinically with BS are also reported, 2 presenting with hypocalcemia associated with vitamin D deficiency. Conclusion: This report expands the clinical spectrum associated with KCNJ1 mutations and emphasizes the role of WES in unsolved cases of hypocalcemia when genetic disease is suspected. It also highlights the hazardous effects of phosphate-containing soft drinks on calcium metabolism. ER  - 
The Experiences of Patients with Adjuvant and Metastatic Melanoma Using Disease-Specific Social Media Communities in the Advent of Novel Therapies (Excite Project): Social Media Listening Study$$$ Background: Immunotherapy and targeted therapy treatments are novel treatments available for patients with metastatic and adjuvant melanoma. As recently approved treatments, information surrounding the patients’ and caregivers’ experience with these therapies, perceptions of treatments, and the effect the treatments have on their day-to-day life are lacking. Such insights would be valuable for any future decision-making with regard to treatment options. Objective: This study aims to use health-related social media data to understand the experience of patients with adjuvant and metastatic melanoma who are receiving either immunotherapy or targeted therapies. This study also included caregivers’ perspectives. Methods: Publicly available social media forum posts by patients with self-reported adjuvant or metastatic melanoma (and their caregivers) between January 2014 to October 2019 were programmatically extracted, deidentified, cleaned, and analyzed using a combination of natural language processing and qualitative data analyses. This study identified spontaneously reported symptoms and their impacts, symptom duration, and the impact of treatment for both treatment groups. Results: Overall, 1037 users (9023 posts) and 114 users (442 posts) were included in the metastatic group and adjuvant group, respectively. The most identified symptoms in both groups were fatigue, pain, or exanthema (identified in 5%-43% of patients dependent on the treatment group). Symptom impacts reported by both groups were physical impacts, impacts on family, and impacts on work. Positive treatment impacts were reported in both groups and covered the areas of work, social and family life, and general health and quality of life. Conclusions: This study explored health-related social media to better understand the experience and perspectives of patients with melanoma receiving immunotherapy or targeted therapy treatments as well as the experience of their caregivers. This exploratory work uncovered the most discussed concerns among patients and caregivers on the forums including symptoms and their impacts, thus contributing to a deeper understanding of the patient/caregiver experience. ER  - 
High-grade primary tumors of the central nervous system: Clinical and epidemiological analysis of the experience of a center$$$ Background: Epidemiological data on the clinical presentation of high-grade primary tumors, the most common histological variables and prevalence, and sociodemographic variables were addressed from January 2016 to December 2020. Method: The sample was calculated from the primary tumors provided by the statistics department, determined the ICD-10 (C-71), finding 105. Results: 114 cases of high-grade primary tumors, most of them men; glioblastoma was the most common variant, followed by medulloblastoma. The frontal lobe was the most common location, consultation times lasted between 3-6 months, the most common clinical symptom was headache; the most common reason for consultation were seizures. Conclusion: The paradigm shift in the treatment of primary brain tumors from a molecular profile, and not precisely histological, will be the next step to take. These tumors are of great epidemiological importance and an opportunity to carry out preventive medicine and health promotion campaigns. ER  - 
Prevalence of neurological problems in a community-based sample of paediatric coeliac disease: a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: The prevalence of and risk factors for neurological problems in childhood coeliac disease (CD) are unclear. Methods We performed a cross-sectional, community-based audit of CD in children diagnosed from January 2010 to December 2016 in Lothian. Results: 79 (28%) of 284 children with CD (201, 70.8% female) (mean age 8.3 years, range of 1-16) had neurological problems. Fifteen (5.3%) had headaches/ migraine, 10 (3.5%) anxiety, 8 (2.8%) motor/co-ordination problems / ataxia (there were no patients with ataxia), 7 (2.5%) had behavioural issues, 5 (1.8 %) with ASD, 5 (1.8%) low mood, 4 (1.4%) ADD/ ADHD, 3 (1.1%) seizures and 2 (0.7%) had neuropathy. Neurological problems were more common with later age at CD diagnosis (OR 1.07, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.14) and male gender (OR 1.69, 95% CI 0.96 to 2.95). Conclusion: Prevalence of neurological problems in children with CD in Lothian is lower than published adult CD studies and similar or lower to the reported prevalence in the general childhood population. ER  - 
Association Between Migraine Comorbidity and Psychiatric Symptoms Among People With Newly Diagnosed Focal Epilepsy$$$ Objective: Little is known about psychiatric symptoms among patients with migraine and newly diagnosed focal epilepsy. The investigators compared symptoms of depres-sion, anxiety, and suicidality among people with newly diagnosed focal epilepsy with migraine versus without migraine. Methods: The Human Epilepsy Project is a prospective multicenter study of patients with newly diagnosed focal epilepsy. Depression (measured with the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale), anxiety (measured with the 7-item Generalized Anxiety Disorder scale), and suici-dality scores (measured with the Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale [C-SSRS]) were compared between participants with versus without migraine. Data analysis was performed with the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test for normality assess-ment, the Mann-Whitney U test, chi-square test, and linear regression. Results: Of 349 patients with new-onset focal epilepsy, 74 (21.2%) had migraine. There were no differences between the patients without migraine versus those with migraine in terms of age, race, and level of education. There were more women in the group with migraine than in the group without migraine (75.7% vs. 55.6%, p50.0018). The patients with epilepsy and comorbid migraine had more depressive symptoms than the patients with epilepsy without migraine (35.2% vs. 22.7%, p50.031). Patients with epilepsy with comorbid migraine had more anxiety symptoms than patients with epilepsy without migraine, but this relation was mediated by age in logistic regression, with younger age being associated with anxiety. Comorbid migraine was not associated with C-SSRS ideation or behavior. Conclusions: Among a sample of patients with newly diagnosed focal epilepsy, 21.2% had migraine. Migraine comorbidity was associated with higher incidence of depressive symptoms. Future studies should be performed to better assess these relationships and possible treatment implications. ER  - 
Social skills and psychopathology are associated with autonomic function in children: a cross-sectional observational study$$$ In recent years, the increase of psychopathological disorders in the population has become a health emergency, leading to a great effort to understand psychological vulnerability mechanisms. In this scenario, the role of the autonomic nervous system (ANS) has become increasingly important. This study investigated the association between ANS, social skills, and psychopathological functioning in children. As an ANS status proxy, we measured heart rate variability (HRV). Infants admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit of the University Hospital of Padova because of preterm birth or neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy were sequentially recruited from January 2011 to June 2013 and followed long-term up to school age in this cross-sectional observational study. We recorded 5 minutes of HRV immediately before measuring performance in social abilities tasks (affect recognition and theory of mind, NEPSY-II) in 50 children (mean age 7.4 ± 1.4 years) with and without risk factors for developing neuropsychiatric disorders due to pre-/perinatal insults without major sequelae. Children also completed extensive cognitive, neuropsychological, and psychosocial assessment. Parents were assessed with psychopathological interviews and a questionnaire (CBCL 6-18). Analysis in a robust Bayesian framework was used to unearth dependencies between HRV, social skills, and psychopathological functioning. Social task scores were associated with HRV components, with high frequency the most consistent. HRV bands were also associated with the psychopathological questionnaire. Only normalized HRV high frequency was able to distinguish impaired children in the affect recognition task. Our data suggest that ANS may be implicated in social cognition both in typical and atypical developmental conditions and that HRV has cross-disease sensitivity. We suggest that HRV parameters may reflect a neurobiological vulnerability to psychopathology. The study was approved by the Ethics Committee of the University Hospital of Padova (Comitato Etico per la Sperimentazione, Azienda Opedaliera di Padova, approval No. 1693P). ER  - 
Assessment of Risk Factors and Early Presentations of Parkinson Disease in Primary Care in a Diverse UK Population$$$ IMPORTANCE Early features of Parkinson disease (PD) have been described through population-based studies that overrepresent White, affluent groups and may not be generalizable. OBJECTIVE To investigate the association between risk factors and prediagnostic presentations of PD in an ethnically diverse UK population with high socioeconomic deprivation but universal access to health care. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A nested case-control study was conducted using electronic health care records on 1 016 277 individuals from primary care practices in East London to extract clinical information recorded between 1990 and February 6, 2018. The data were analyzed between September 3, 2020, and September 3, 2021. Individuals with a diagnosis of PD were compared with controls without PD or other major neurological conditions. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES A matched analysis (10 controls matched for each patient with PD according to age and sex) and an unmatched analysis (adjusted for age and sex) were undertaken using multivariable logistic regression to determine associations between risk factors and prediagnostic presentations to primary care with subsequent diagnosis of PD. Three time periods (<2, 2-<5, and 5-10 years before diagnosis) were analyzed separately and together. RESULTS Of 1 016 277 individuals included in the data set, 5699 were excluded and 1055 patients with PD and 1 009 523 controls were included in the analysis. Patients with PD were older than controls (mean [SD], 72.9 [11.3] vs 40.3 [15.2] years), and more were male (632 [59.9%] vs 516 862 [51.2%]). In the matched analysis (1055 individuals with PD and 10 550 controls), associations were found for tremor (odds ratio [OR], 145.96; 95% CI, 90.55-235.28) and memory symptoms (OR, 8.60; 95% CI, 5.91-12.49) less than 2 years before the PD diagnosis. The associations were also found up to 10 years before PD diagnosis for tremor and 5 years for memory symptoms. Among midlife risk factors, hypertension (OR, 1.36; 95% CI, 1.19-1.55) and type 2 diabetes (OR, 1.39; 95% CI, 1.19-1.62) were associated with subsequent diagnosis of PD. Associations with early nonmotor features, including hypotension (OR, 6.84; 95% CI, 3.38-13.85), constipation (OR, 3.29; 95% CI, 2.32-4.66), and depression (OR, 4.69; 95% CI, 2.88-7.63), were also noted. Associations were found for epilepsy (OR, 2.5; 95% CI, 1.63-3.83) and hearing loss (OR, 1.66; 95% CI, 1.06-2.58), which have not previously been well reported. These findings were replicated using data from the UK Biobank. No association with future PD diagnosis was found for ethnicity or deprivation index level. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE This study provides data suggesting that a range of comorbidities and symptoms are encountered in primary care settings before PD diagnosis in an ethnically diverse and deprived population. Novel temporal associations were observed for epilepsy and hearing loss with subsequent development of PD. The prominence of memory symptoms suggests an excess of cognitive dysfunction in early PD in this population or difficulty in correctly ascertaining symptoms in traditionally underrepresented groups. ER  - 
Psychopathological Aspects in Children with Epilepsy and Its Contributing Factors: A Cross-Sectional Study from India$$$ Background: Children with epilepsy (CWE) are at high risk of psychopathological problems because of neurobiological, social, and treatment factors. Objectives: This study was conducted to estimate the prevalence of psychopathological problems in CWE and their contributing factors. Methods: This cross-sectional study was done in pediatric neurology clinic and outpatient department of a government medical college in Northern India. Children between the ages of 4 and 14 years with intelligence quotient > 70 were enrolled; for CWE, the criteria were antiepileptic drugs therapy for more than 6 months and for controls it was being free from any chronic illness. Childhood Psychopathology Measurement Schedule (CPMS) was used for assessing psychopathological problems. Results: A total of 135 CWE and 70 controls were enrolled, groups were similar in respect of age, gender, socioeconomic status, and family history. CWE group had significantly high mean ± standard deviation CPMS scores (13.68 ± 10.57) as compared with controls (9.75 ± 7.97) (p < 0.0001). These scores were particularly high in sectors of low intelligence, conduct disorder, psychotic symptoms, and depression. Academic performance was significantly poor in CWE (39%) versus controls (6%) (p 0.042). Age of onset, duration, type, and etiology of epilepsy had no significant relation with CPMS scores. Polytherapy and treatment with valproate were associated with high CPMS scores (p 0.005 and 0.045). Conclusion: Psychopathological problems are frequently associated with epilepsy in children and antiepileptic drug therapy might contribute to it. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidity and quality of life in patients with epilepsy on anti-epileptic monotherapy and polytherapy$$$ Objective: The bio-psycho-social factors affecting the quality of life in patients with epilepsy can be numerous but are often overlooked. The behavioral side effects of anti-seizure medications can be one such potential factor. The aim of the study is to address the effect of the number of anti-seizure medications on the development of psychiatric comorbidity and quality of life in patients with adequate seizure control. Materials and Methods: The study recruited 100 participants with generalized tonic-clonic seizures from a tertiary care center in North India, who were seizure-free from the last 1 month. The study participants were divided into two groups based on whether they were on monotherapy or polytherapy. The two groups were matched for their socio-demographic and clinical profile. We assessed for psychiatric comorbidity in each group using Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview. All the study participants were given Hindi translated version of quality of life in the epilepsy-31 questionnaire for objective assessment of the quality of life. Results: The patients receiving anti-epileptic polytherapy had significantly higher prevalence of psychiatric comorbidity than patients on monotherapy. Furthermore, the patients on polytherapy scored significantly less on the cognitive domain of quality of life as well as the overall quality of life domain in the epilepsy-31 questionnaire. Conclusion: The patients with epilepsy must be evaluated for psychiatric comorbidity and side effect profile of anti-seizure medications to improve the quality of life. This is particularly more important for patients who are on anti-epileptic polytherapy even if the seizure control is adequate. ER  - 
Perinatal Complications as a Mediator of the Association Between Chronic Disease and Postpartum Mental Illness$$$ Background: Chronic disease is associated with increased risk of postpartum mental illness, but the mechanisms underlying this association are unclear. Our aim was to explore the mediating role of perinatal complications in the association between chronic disease and postpartum mental illness. Materials and Methods: This was a population-based retrospective cohort study of all women in Ontario, Canada, from 2005 to 2015 with a singleton live birth and no recent history of mental illness during or 2 years before pregnancy. The outcome was mental illness diagnosis between delivery and 365 days postpartum, with perinatal complications, including pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal complications. Modified Poisson regression models were used to examine the association between chronic disease and perinatal mental illness, with generalized estimating equations for the calculation of total, direct, and indirect effects. All models were adjusted for sociodemographic characteristics and remote history of mental health care. Results: Of the 792,972 women, 21.1% had a chronic disease. Chronic disease was associated with an increased risk of postpartum mental illness (adjusted relative risk [aRR] 1.15 [95% confidence interval, CI 1.14-1.16]). There was no evidence of an indirect effect of chronic disease on postpartum mental illness via perinatal complications (aRR 1.003, 95% CI 1.002-1.003). Perinatal complications explained only 1.5% of the association between chronic disease and postpartum mental illness. Results were consistent by type of perinatal complication and chronic disease diagnosis. Conclusion: We observed no clinically meaningful mediating effect of perinatal complications in the association between chronic disease and postpartum mental illness. Future research should investigate alternative mechanisms explaining this association. ER  - 
Effects of an low carbohydrate/healthy fat/ketogenic diet on biomarkers of health and symptoms, anxiety and depression in Parkinson's disease: a pilot study$$$ Aim: To evaluate a low carbohydrate/healthy fat/ketogenic diet (LCHF/KD) on symptoms, depression, anxiety and biomarkers in adults with Parkinson's disease (PD). Patients & methods: 16 adults ages 36-80 with PD participated in the intervention for 12 weeks. The study provided pre-post-study comparisons of biomarkers, weight, waist measurement, united Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS), Parkinson's Anxiety Scale (PAS) and Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale Revised-20 (CESD-R-20) Depression Scale. Results: Although LCHF/KD improves blood glucose in diabetes and seizure control in epilepsy, research gaps exist in this dietary intervention in PD. Statistically, significant improvements occurred in several measurements, PAS scores and Part I of the UPDRS. Conclusion: The LCHF/KD shows positive trends with improvements in biomarkers and anxiety symptoms. Further research is needed to evaluate dietary interventions for PD. ER  - 
EPILEPSY IN THE CONSANGUINEOUS FAMILIES AT TRIBAL SOCIETY OF KHYBER PAKHTUNKHWA-PAKISTAN$$$ Objective: To determine the association between epilepsy disease (ED) and consanguinity in the tribal society of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa-Pakistan. Material and methods: Approximately, 150 clinically diagnosed epileptic patients of consanguineous families with ages ranging from 3 to 70 years were included during the period of (2018-19). Children in this study were aged 7-10 years and male to female ratio among the patients was 1:1.5. The target familial cases were included on the basis of sex, age, parental consanguinity, seizure type, cause of epilepsy, and family history. The parents were interviewed to collect the required information after informed consent. Non-consanguineous families, patients with acquired causes, and those who were not willing to participate were excluded from the study. Results: In the current study, the consanguinity in parents of the epileptic patients was compared with the general population and we found significant results (P< 0.01). Generally, 56 (37.33%) of the patient’s parents were first cousins with (OR=3.245 and 95%-CI=2.26-4.645 and P<0.0001), 24(16.00%) were second-degree cousins with (OR=3.269 and 95%-CI=2.032-5.258 and P<0.0001) and 70 (46.66%) were unrelated. Conclusion: The overall results in this study clearly indicate the potential role of heritage lineage/consanguinity in epilepsy within consanguineous families. The present retrospective study supports genetic counselling prior to marriages. More significant genotype-phenotype correlation is also needed to minimize the risk of epilepsy disease. ER  - 
Multiple Brain Metastases in a Patient with ROS1 Fusion-Positive Lung Adenocarcinoma as a Disease Flare due to Crizotinib Cessation Caused by Disseminated Aseptic Inflammation from Crizotinib-Associated Renal Cysts: A Case Report$$$ Rapid tumor growth after cessation of molecularly targeted drugs, called "disease flare,"may occur and affect the prognosis of lung cancer. However, this phenomenon has never been reported in ROS proto-oncogene 1 (ROS1) fusion-positive lung adenocarcinoma. Herein, we report a disease flare in a patient with ROS1 fusion-positive lung adenocarcinoma. A 60-year-old female was diagnosed with stage IVA ROS1 fusion-positive lung adenocarcinoma via bronchoscopy. Although crizotinib, an ROS1 tyrosine kinase inhibitor, achieved a partial response, a mass lesion appeared in the patient's right kidney 12 months after starting crizotinib, which was diagnosed pathologically as crizotinib-associated renal cysts (CARCs). Given that readministration of crizotinib repeatedly induced CARC-like aseptic inflammation that appeared to be disseminated around surgical site, crizotinib treatment had to be abandoned. Around 25 days after crizotinib cessation, she was referred to the emergency department with a convulsive seizure and hemiparesis due to new, rapidly growing brain metastases. Whole-brain irradiation and administration of another ROS1 tyrosine kinase inhibitor, entrectinib, markedly ameliorated the metastases and improved hemiparesis. This has been the first report of a disease flare after crizotinib cessation due to CARCs in a patient with ROS1 fusion-positive lung adenocarcinoma. Attention should be paid to disease flare, especially in the brain, when molecularly targeted medication is stopped due to adverse events in ROS1 fusion-positive lung adenocarcinoma. Switching to drugs that penetrate the blood-brain barrier could overcome disease flare in the brain. ER  - 
Incidence of Clinical Signs in Poisoned Pets of Thailand: A Retrospective Study$$$ Clinical signs appear immediately or gradually in poisoned pets. Poisonous agents in pets, especially dogs and cats, have been reported to include human medications (acetaminophen), pesticides (organophosphate and carbamate), insecticides for veterinary use (ivermectin), and food (methylxanthines). The current study investigated the incidence of poisoning in dogs and cats residing in Rayong and Nakhon Ratchasima provinces as well as Bangkok, Thailand, during 2016-2020. The study found a total of 102 poisoned cases of dog and cat, including 58 dogs (56.86%) and 44 cats (43.14%). The poisoned dogs included 39 males (67.24%) and 19 females (32.26%), while poisoned cats consisted of 29 males (65.91%) and 15 females (34.09%). Poisoning was highly diagnosed in mixed breed dogs and domestic short-haired cats. The average age of poisoned dogs and cats was reported as 3.67 ± 1.92 and 3.02 ± 1.72 years, respectively. The most common poisonous agents found in dogs and cats were organophosphate-carbamate groups and acetaminophen. Tachycardia, hypersalivation, dyspnea, and facial swelling were the most common clinical signs observed in poisoned dogs and cats. ER  - 
Risk factors screening of acute symptomatic seizure secondary to anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis based on Nomogram model$$$ Objective: To investigate the risk factors of anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis with acute symptomatic seizure (ASS), and establish a Nomogram model based on clinical indicators. Methods: A retrospective analysis was performed on 84 patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis who were diagnosed in Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical University from May 2012 to October 2020. Univariate and multivariate Logistic regression analyses were used to determine the risk factors of anti-NMDAR encephalitis with ASS, and a Nomogram model was constructed. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and calibration curve of the model were plotted, and Hosmer-Lemeshow goodness of fit test was performed. Results: In all 84 patients, 63 cases (75%) presented with ASS, and 35 cases (41.67%) had ASS as the initial symptom. Logistic regression analysis showed male (OR=7.680, 95%CI:1.811-32.562; P=0.006), psychosis and abnormal behavior (OR=6.486, 95%CI:1.818-23.141; P=0.004), anti-NMDAR antibody titer in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) ≥ 1:32 (OR=9.322, 95%CI:2.132-40.766; P=0.003) were the risk factors of anti-NMDAR encephalitis with ASS, older age was the protective factor (OR=0.942, 95%CI:0.903-0.983; P=0.006). A Nomogram model was established based on the 4 risk factors, and the area under curve (AUC) of ROC was 0.862 (95%CI:0.776-0.949, P=0.000). Calibration curve showed a good agreement between the predicted probability and the actual probability of ASS occurrence, and Hosmer-Lemeshow test showed there was no statistical difference (χ2=4.318, P=0.827). Conclusions: Male, young age, psychosis and abnormal behavior, and anti-NMDAR antibody titer in CSF ≥ 1:32 are more likely to have ASS in patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. This Nomogram model constructed based on the above 4 indicators may accurately and conveniently predict ASS and provide a reference for clinical diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Cortical and Subcortical Dysmetabolism Are Dynamic Markers of Clinical Disability and Course in Anti-LGI1 Encephalitis$$$ Background and Objective s : This [18F]fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) PET study evaluates the accuracy of semiquantitative measurement of putaminal hypermetabolism in identifying anti-leucine-rich, glioma-inactivated-1 (LGI1) protein autoimmune encephalitis (AE). In addition, the extent of brain dysmetabolism, their association with clinical outcomes, and longitudinal metabolic changes after immunotherapy in LGI1-AE are examined. Methods : FDG-PET scans from 49 age-matched and sex-matched subjects (13 in LGI1-AE group, 15 in non-LGI1-AE group, 11 with Alzheimer disease [AD], and 10 negative controls [NCs]) and follow-up scans from 8 patients with LGI1 AE on a median 6 months after immunotherapy were analyzed. Putaminal standardized uptake value ratios (SUVRs) normalized to global brain (P-SUVRg), thalamus (P/Th), and midbrain (P/Mi) were evaluated for diagnostic accuracy. SUVRg was applied for all other analyses. Results : P-SUVRg, P/Th, and P/Mi were higher in LGI1-AE group than in non-LGI1-AE group, AD group, and NCs (all p < 0.05). P/Mi and P-SUVRg differentiated LGI1-AE group robustly from other groups (areas under the curve 0.84-0.99). Mediotemporal lobe (MTL) SUVRg was increased in both LGI1-AE and non-LGI1-AE groups when compared with NCs (both p < 0.05). SUVRg was decreased in several frontoparietal regions and increased in pallidum, caudate, pons, olfactory, and inferior occipital gyrus in LGI1-AE group when compared with that in NCs (all p < 0.05). In LGI1-AE group, both MTL and putaminal hypermetabolism were reduced after immunotherapy. Normalization of regional cortical dysmetabolism associated with clinical improvement at the 6- and 20-month follow-up. Discussion : Semiquantitative measurement of putaminal hypermetabolism with FDG-PET may be used to distinguish LGI1-AE from other pathologies. Metabolic abnormalities in LGI1-AE extend beyond putamen and MTL into other subcortical and cortical regions. FDG-PET may be used in evaluating disease evolution in LGI1-AE. Classification of Evidence: This study provides Class II evidence that semiquantitative measures of putaminal metabolism on PET can differentiate patients with LGI1-AE from patients without LGI1-AE, patients with AD, or NCs. ER  - 
Interictal EEG and ECG for SUDEP Risk Assessment: A Retrospective Multicenter Cohort Study$$$ Objective: Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) is the leading cause of epilepsy-related mortality. Although lots of effort has been made in identifying clinical risk factors for SUDEP in the literature, there are few validated methods to predict individual SUDEP risk. Prolonged postictal EEG suppression (PGES) is a potential SUDEP biomarker, but its occurrence is infrequent and requires epilepsy monitoring unit admission. We use machine learning methods to examine SUDEP risk using interictal EEG and ECG recordings from SUDEP cases and matched living epilepsy controls. Methods: This multicenter, retrospective, cohort study examined interictal EEG and ECG recordings from 30 SUDEP cases and 58 age-matched living epilepsy patient controls. We trained machine learning models with interictal EEG and ECG features to predict the retrospective SUDEP risk for each patient. We assessed cross-validated classification accuracy and the area under the receiver operating characteristic (AUC) curve. Results: The logistic regression (LR) classifier produced the overall best performance, outperforming the support vector machine (SVM), random forest (RF), and convolutional neural network (CNN). Among the 30 patients with SUDEP [14 females; mean age (SD), 31 (8.47) years] and 58 living epilepsy controls [26 females (43%); mean age (SD) 31 (8.5) years], the LR model achieved the median AUC of 0.77 [interquartile range (IQR), 0.73–0.80] in five-fold cross-validation using interictal alpha and low gamma power ratio of the EEG and heart rate variability (HRV) features extracted from the ECG. The LR model achieved the mean AUC of 0.79 in leave-one-center-out prediction. Conclusions: Our results support that machine learning-driven models may quantify SUDEP risk for epilepsy patients, future refinements in our model may help predict individualized SUDEP risk and help clinicians correlate predictive scores with the clinical data. Low-cost and noninvasive interictal biomarkers of SUDEP risk may help clinicians to identify high-risk patients and initiate preventive strategies. ER  - 
Characteristics of Adults with Migraine in Alberta, Canada: A Population-Based Study$$$ Background: Migraine, including episodic migraine (EM) and chronic migraine (CM), is a common neurological disorder that imparts a substantial health burden. Objective: Understand the characteristics and treatment of EM and CM from a population-based perspective. Methods: This retrospective population-based cross-sectional study utilized administrative data from Alberta. Among those with a migraine diagnostic code, CM and EM were identified by an algorithm and through exclusion, respectively; characteristics and migraine medication use were examined with descriptive statistics. Results: From 79,076 adults with a migraine diagnostic code, 12,700 met the criteria for CM and 54,686 were considered to have EM. The majority of migraineurs were female, the most common comorbidity was depression, and individuals with CM had more comorbidities than EM. A larger proportion of individuals with CM versus EM were dispensed acute (80.6%: CM; 63.4%: EM) and preventative (58.0%: CM; 28.9%: EM) migraine medications over 1 year. Among those with a dispensation, individuals with CM had more acute (13.6 ± 32.2 vs. 4.6 ± 10.9 [mean ± standard deviation], 95% confidence interval [CI] 7.7-8.3), and preventative (12.6 ± 43.5 vs. 5.0 ± 12.6, 95% CI 6.9-8.4) migraine medication dispensations than EM, over 1-year. Opioids were commonly used in both groups (proportion of individuals dispensed an opioid over 1-year: 53.1%: CM; 25.7%: EM). Conclusions: Individuals with EM and CM displayed characteristics and medication use patterns consistent with other reports. Application of this algorithm for CM may be a useful and efficient means of identifying subgroups of migraine using routinely collected health data in Canada. ER  - 
Cardiac Structure and Function in Epilepsy Patients with Drug-Resistant Convulsive Seizures$$$ High frequency of convulsive seizures and long-lasting epilepsy are associated with an increased risk of sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP). Structural changes in the myocardium have been described in SUDEP victims. It is speculated that these changes are secondary to frequent convulsive seizures and may predispose to SUDEP. The aim of this cross-sectional study was to investigate the impact of chronic drug-resistant epilepsy on cardiac function and structure in patients with a high frequency of convulsive seizures. We consecutively included 21 patients (17 women, 4 men) aged 18-40 years, with at least 10 years with epilepsy and a minimum of six convulsive seizures in the last year and without a history of status epilepticus or nonepileptic events. A complete clinical examination, resting 12-lead electrocardiogram, 72-h Holter monitoring, and echocardiography were recorded in all patients. Ten patients were assessed by 3-Tesla cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. Echocardiography and MRI data were compared with those from age- and sex-matched healthy control individuals. No significant changes in cardiac structure or function were found among patients with chronic drug-resistant epilepsy and high frequency of convulsive seizures. However, we cannot exclude that there are subgroups of patients who are more prone to epilepsy-associated cardiac alterations. ER  - 
Intravenous Lidocaine and Ketamine Infusions for Headache Disorders: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Introduction: The use of lidocaine (lignocaine) and ketamine infusion in the inpatient treatment of patients with headache disorders is supported by small case series. We undertook a retrospective cohort study in order to assess the efficacy, duration and safety of lidocaine and ketamine infusions. Methods: Patients admitted between 01/01/2018 and 31/07/2021 were identified by ICD code and electronic prescription. Efficacy of infusion was determined by reduction in visual analog score (VAS), and patient demographics were collected from review of the hospital electronic medical record. Results: Through the study period, 83 infusions (50 lidocaine, 33 ketamine) were initiated for a headache disorder (77 migraine, three NDPH, two SUNCT, one cluster headache). In migraine, lidocaine infusion achieved a ≥50% reduction in pain in 51.1% over a mean 6.2 days (SD 2.4). Ketamine infusion was associated with a ≥50% reduction in pain in 34.4% over a mean 5.1 days (SD 1.5). Side effects were observed in 32 and 42.4% respectively. Infusion for medication overuse headache (MOH) led to successful withdrawal of analgesia in 61.1% of lidocaine, and 41.7% of ketamine infusions. Conclusion: Lidocaine and ketamine infusions are an efficacious inpatient treatment for headache disorders, however associated with prolonged length-of-stay and possible side-effects. ER  - 
Cerebrospinal Fluid Total Tau Protein Correlates With Longitudinal, Progressing Cognitive Dysfunction in Anti-Neural Autoantibody-Associated Dementia and Alzheimer’s Dementia: A Case–Control Study$$$ Background: Neural autoantibody-associated dementia (NABD) is an increasing phenomenon in memory clinics with a high impact on later therapy. Biomarkers are lacking that differentiate this type of dementia from neurodegenerative dementia such as Alzheimer’s dementia (AD). Our aim is to analyze neurodegeneration markers and their relationship to progressing cognitive dysfunction in NABD and AD to test for tools differentiating these two forms of dementia prior to neural autoantibody testing. Methods: In our retrospective, observational study, we investigated 14 patients with dementia and serum and/or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) neural autoantibodies as well as 14 patients with AD by relying on recent CSF and clinical criteria for AD. Patient files were checked for psychopathology, neuropsychological test performance, autoimmune indicators, CSF, and MRI results. Results: Our patient groups did not differ in their psychopathology, autoimmune indicators, or MRI profile. The progression of cognitive dysfunction [as measured by the difference in Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) scores since disease onset, and the yearly progression rate (MMSE loss/per year)] did not vary significantly between groups. Total tau protein was significantly higher in AD patients than NABD patients revealing no signs of Alzheimer’s disease pathology in their CSF (p < 0.05). Total tau protein levels in CSF correlated with cognitive decline since disease onset (r = 0.38, p < 0.05) and yearly progression rates (r = 0.56, p < 0.005) in all patients. Discussion: Our results suggest that the progression of cognitive dysfunction as defined by MMSE does not seem to be an appropriate biomarker for distinguishing NABD from AD. However, the total tau protein level in CSF might be a relevant molecular biomarker that can indicate disease pathology and/or progression in both known AD and NABD, which is often accompanied by axonal degeneration. Total tau protein may be an additional diagnostic tool with which to differentiate anti-neural-associated dementia from AD if further research confirms these proof-of-concept findings in larger patient cohorts. ER  - 
Missed diagnoses and misdiagnoses of adults with autism spectrum disorder$$$ Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a group of life-long neurodevelopmental disorders affecting 1.5% of the general population. The present study aimed to evaluate the psychiatric history of a group of adults who received the first diagnosis of ASD in two Italian university centers. Diagnoses of ASD were confirmed by a team of psychiatrists with wide expertise in the field, after the administration of standardized tools (i.e., ADOS-2, ADI-R). The sample comprised 161 participants, of which 114 (79.5%) were males. The median age of diagnosis was 23 years (range 18–55), with a median IQ of 100 (range 30–145). The first evaluation by a mental health professional was performed at a median age of 13 years, with a gap of 11 years between the first evaluation and the diagnosis of ASD. 33.5% of participants had never received a psychiatric diagnosis, while the rest of the sample had received one or more diagnoses different from ASD. The most common past diagnoses were intellectual disability, psychoses, personality disorders, and depression. Sex differences were detected in the age of diagnosis and ADOS-2 scores. Our results provide important information for both child and adult psychiatrists. Given the prevalence of autism and the high rates of co-occurrent psychiatric conditions, it is important for clinicians to consider ASD in the differential diagnostic process. ER  - 
Impact of the sleep apnea management group clinic on positive airway pressure adherence$$$ Background: Positive airway pressure (PAP) adherence is critical for managing obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). We postulate that group-based Sleep Apnea Management (SAM) clinic, which harnesses the benefits of providing mutual support as well as facilitates access to system-based resources and education, will confer improvements in PAP adherence. Methods: Data from SAM clinic attendees from January 2017 to June 2018 were retrospectively analyzed. Adherence data at SAM baseline visit and 1-3 months follow-up were collected. Average PAP usage from all-days and days used were analyzed along with demographics, co-morbidities, and Epworth Sleepiness Scale. Adherence was defined as >4 hours a night for ≥70% of nights over a 30-day period. Key structural elements of the SAM group clinic model were co-presence of the OSA care team members and peer group support. Key efficiency elements were group education and the prompt-to-patient multidisciplinary troubleshooting adherence barriers. Results: Of 110 SAM clinic attendees, average age was 60.9±12.7 years, 53% were men, and 46% Caucasian. At baseline, the mean for average-all-days usage was 4.2 hours, mean average-days-used usage was 5.2 hours, and mean percentage-of-days usage ≥4 hours was 57%. At follow-up, the mean average-all-days usage increased 1.2 hours (p<0.001), mean average-days-used usage increased 0.8 hours (p<0.001), and the mean percentage-of-days with usage ≥4 hours increased 16% (p<0.001). At baseline, 46% of patients met criteria for adherence, which increased to 66% at follow-up. Conclusion: In this study, after the SAM clinic, all PAP adherence parameters improved significantly. This observational study serves as a proof of concept study for future trials pertaining to group clinic in managing PAP adherence in OSA. ER  - 
Potential Side Effects and Adverse Events of Antipsychotic Use for Residents With Dementia in Assisted Living: Implications for Prescribers, Staff, and Families$$$ Antipsychotic medications are frequently prescribed to assisted living (AL) residents who have dementia, although there is a lack of information about the potential side effects and adverse events of these medications among this population. Oversight and monitoring by family members is an important component of AL care, and it is important to understand family awareness of antipsychotic use and reports of potential side effects and adverse events. This cross-sectional, descriptive study of family members of 283 residents with dementia receiving antipsychotic medications in 91 AL communities found high rates (93%) of symptoms that could be potential side effects and a 6% rate of potential adverse events. The majority of families were aware their relative was taking an antipsychotic. Findings suggest that obtaining family perspectives of potential side effects and adverse events related to medication use may contribute to overall improvement in the safety of AL residents living with dementia. ER  - 
Characterization and management of neurological adverse events during immune-checkpoint inhibitors treatment: an Italian multicentric experience$$$ Background: Neurological immune-related adverse events (nirAEs) are rare toxicities of immune-checkpoint inhibitors (ICI). With the increase of ICI oncological indications, their incidence is growing. Their recognition and management remain nevertheless challenging. Methods: A national, web-based database was built to collect cases of neurological symptoms in patients receiving ICI and not attributable to other causes after an adequate workup. Results: We identified 27 patients who developed nirAEs (20 males, median age 69 years). Patients received anti-PD1/PDL1 (78%), anti-CTLA4 (4%), or both (19%). Most common cancers were melanoma (30%) and non-small cell lung cancer (26%). Peripheral nervous system was mostly affected (78%). Median time to onset was 43.5 days and was shorter for peripheral versus central nervous system toxicities (36 versus 144.5 days, p = 0.045). Common manifestations were myositis (33%), inflammatory polyradiculoneuropathies (33%), and myasthenia gravis (19%), alone or in combination, but the spectrum of diagnoses was broad. Most patients received first-line glucocorticoids (85%) or IVIg (15%). Seven patients (26%) needed second-line treatments. At last follow-up, four (15%) patients were deceased (encephalitis, 1; myositis/myasthenia with concomitant myocarditis, 2; acute polyradiculoneuropathy, 1), while seven (26%) had a complete remission, eight (30%) partial improvement, and six (22%) stable/progressing symptoms. ICI treatment was discontinued in most patients (78%). Conclusions: Neurological irAEs are rare but potentially fatal. They primarily affect neuromuscular structures but encompass a broad range of presentations. A prompt recognition is mandatory to timely withheld immunotherapy and administrate glucocorticoids. In corticoresistant or severely affected patients, second-line treatments with IVIg or plasmapheresis may result in additional benefit. ER  - 
Short- and long-term motor outcome of STN-DBS in Parkinson’s Disease: focus on sex differences$$$ Introduction: Subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation (STN-DBS) is an established treatment for patients with Parkinson’s disease (PD) with motor complications; the contribution of sex in determining the outcome is still not understood. Methods: We included 107 patients (71 males) with PD consecutively implanted with STN-DBS at our center. We reviewed patient charts from our database and retrospectively collected demographical and clinical data at baseline and at three follow-up visits (1, 5 and 10 years). Results: We found a long-lasting effect of DBS on motor complications, despite a progressive worsening of motor performances in the ON medication condition. Bradykinesia and non-dopaminergic features seem to be the major determinant of this progression. Conversely to males, females showed a trend towards worsening in bradykinesia already at 1-year follow-up and poorer scores in non-dopaminergic features at 10-year follow-up. Levodopa Equivalent Daily Dose (LEDD) was significantly reduced after surgery compared to baseline values; however, while in males LEDD remained significantly lower than baseline even 10 years after surgery, in females LEDD returned at baseline values. Males showed a sustained effect on dyskinesias, but this benefit was less clear in females; the total electrical energy delivered was consistently lower in females compared to males. The profile of adverse events did not appear to be influenced by sex. Conclusion: Our data suggest that there are no major differences on the motor effect of STN-DBS between males and females. However, there may be some slight differences that should be specifically investigated in the future and that may influence therapeutic decisions in the chronic follow-up. ER  - 
Perceived quality of life (QOLIE-31-P), depression (NDDI-E), anxiety (GAD-7), and insomnia in patients with epilepsy attended at a refractory epilepsy unit in real-life clinical practice$$$ Objectives: This study aims to evaluate the relationship between psychiatric comorbidity (anxiety and depression), somnolence, and quality of life, using validated scales in patients with epilepsy in real-life clinical practice and clinical and demographic variables. Methods: A cross-sectional observational study was conducted. Self-administered scales of anxiety disorders (GAD-7), depression (NDDI-E), somnolence (Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS)), and quality of life (QOLIE-31-P) in patients with epilepsy treated in the refractory epilepsy unit of a tertiary hospital were employed. Results: Eighty-four patients, 44.3 ± 17.4 years, 48.2% women, epilepsy duration 21.5 ± 15.9 years, and number of antiepileptic drugs 1.9 ± 1.2 were included. Severe anxiety was present in 14.3%, depression in 20.2%, and somnolence in 14.3% of patients. QOLIE-31-P score was 62.0 ± 19.2. Depression and focal epilepsy (OR = 4.5[1.3, 20.7], p = 0.029), as well as anxiety and temporal lobe epilepsy (OR = 4.3 [1.0, 18.1], p = 0.044), were associated. Moreover, relationships between worse quality of life and higher scores from NDDI-E (β = − 1.42, adjusted p = 0.006) and GAD-7 (β = − 1.21, adjusted p = 0.006), especially in drug-resistant epilepsy (β = − 8.08, adjusted p = 0.045) and female sex (β = − 7.83, adjusted p = 0.034), were identified. Statistically significant negative associations were observed between problems to fall asleep and overall quality of life score (β = − 11.64, adjusted p = 0.022), sleep disturbance and energy (β = − 14.78, adjusted p = 0.027), and mood (β = 12.40, adjusted p = 0.027) scores. Conclusions: The multidimensional evaluation revealed that higher levels of anxiety and depression are associated with worse quality of life in real clinical practice in patients with epilepsy, especially in females and drug-resistant epilepsy. In addition, sleep disturbances are associated with particular aspects of the quality of life. Further studies with longitudinal follow-up would be useful to adequately manage these comorbidities in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
A retrospective, real-world experience of perampanel monotherapy in patient with first new onset focal seizure: A Thailand experience$$$ Objective: Real-world data on efficacy and tolerability of perampanel (PER) monotherapy in treatment-naïve patients with focal onset seizures (FOS) and/or focal-to-bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (FBTCS) to assess efficacy effectiveness and tolerability. Methods: This is a retrospective review of study patients with new FOS with or without FBTCS, aged ≥15 years, who had been prescribed PER as monotherapy. Treatment outcome included retention rate, responder, and seizure-free rate at observational point 3, 6, and 12 months (OP3, OP6, and OP12). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and adverse drug reactions were recorded. Results: A total of 41 patients enrolled in the study (male:female; 17:22, mean age =46.1 ± 21.8 years), with new FOS and/or FBTCS. The proportions of individuals remaining on PER monotherapy at 3, 6, and 12 months were evaluated. The median PER dosage was 4 mg (range 2-8 mg). The retention rates at OP3, OP6, and OP12 were 88%, 73%, and 61%, respectively. The seizure freedom rates at OP3, OP6, and OP12 were 78%, 80%, and 76%, respectively. About 14% had discontinued the PER monotherapy because of lack of efficacy. Sixteen individuals (41%) had TEAEs; common AEs were dizziness, somnolence, and ataxia; and only one case had depression. The AEs with somnolence and ataxia were found higher in elderly (15% and 30%) than adult patients (7% and 3%), respectively. Only 14% had intolerant adverse events, and it was found higher in elderly (23%). Significance: Real-world data of PER monotherapy in treatment-naïve patients with focal onset seizures demonstrated good effectiveness and a good safety profile at relatively low doses. By starting with low dosage and slow titration of PER help to minimize the impact of adverse effects, maximize adherence, and increase patient retention. PER has a once-daily dosing schedule that supports patient adherence contributes to achieving seizure freedom. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental problems in children with febrile seizures followed to young school age: A prospective longitudinal community-based study in Sweden$$$ Aim: To estimate the accumulated prevalence of neurodevelopmental problems from preschool to school age in children with a history of febrile seizures (FS). Methods: In a community-based cohort of children with previous FS, 25/73 clinically assessed children met diagnostic criteria for neurodevelopmental disorders or had major indications of such problems at the age of 4–5 years. Parents of 54 of the 73 children accepted to take part in an interview according to the Autism-Tics, ADHD and other Comorbidities (A-TAC) inventory, when the children were 9–10 years. Results: There was a trend for ADHD symptom scores to be higher in the FS group. Non-participants at age 9–10 years had had much higher rates of neurodevelopmental problems at 4–5 years, and the total number of such problems at either 4–5 or age 9–10 was 41% (30/73). Conclusion: High rates of neurodevelopmental problems (41%) were found at either age 4–5 or 9–10 years or both in this group of 73 children with FS. Non-participants at 9–10 years had had much higher rates of neurodevelopmental problems at 4–5 years. Further follow-up of this cohort is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn about whether FS should be considered a marker for more complex neurodevelopmental problems. ER  - 
Prospective multisite cohort study of patient-reported outcomes in adults with new-onset seizures$$$ Objective: New-onset seizures affect up to 10% of people over their lifetime, however, their health economic impact has not been well-studied. This prospective multicenter study will collect patient-reported outcome measures (PROMs) from adults with new-onset seizures seen in six Seizure Clinics across Melbourne, Australia and The University of Colorado, USA. Methods: Approximately 450 eligible patients will be enrolled in the study at or following their initial attendance to Seizure Clinics at the study hospitals. Inclusion criteria for the study group are those with new-onset acute symptomatic seizures, new-onset unprovoked seizures, and new-onset epilepsy. Inclusion criteria for the three comparator groups are those with noncardiac syncope, those with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, as well as published PROMs data from the Australian general population. Exclusion criteria are those aged less than 18 years, those with a preexisting epilepsy diagnosis, and those with intellectual disabilities or other impairments which would preclude them from comprehending and completing the questionnaires. Patients will complete eight online questionnaires regarding the effect that their seizures (or seizure mimics) have had on various aspects of their life. These questionnaires will be readministered at 6 and 12 months. Patients with new-diagnosis epilepsy will also be asked to share the reasons why they have accepted or declined antiseizure medications. Analysis: Primary outcome measures will be quality of life, work productivity, informal care needs, and mood, at baseline compared to 6 and 12 months later for those with new-onset seizures and comparing these outcomes to those in the three comparator groups. Secondary outcomes include mapping of QoLIE-31 to the EQ-5D-5L in epilepsy, modelling indirect costs of new-onset seizures, and exploring why patients may or may not wish to take antiseizure medications. Significance: These data will form an evidence-base for future studies that examine the effectiveness of various healthcare interventions for new-onset seizure patients. Ethics and dissemination: This study is approved by the Alfred Health Human Research Ethics Committee (SERP: 52 538, Alfred HREC: 307/19), the Austin Health Human Research Ethics Committee (HREC/59148/Austin-2019), and the Colorado Multiple Institutional Review Board (COMIRB) (COMIRB #20-3028). ANZCTR trial registration number: ACTRN12621000908831. ER  - 
Risk factors that predict delayed seizure detection on continuous electroencephalogram (cEEG) in a large sample size of critically ill patients$$$ Objective: Majority of seizures are detected within 24 hours on continuous EEG (cEEG). Some patients have delayed seizure detection after 24 hours. The purpose of this research was to identify risk factors that predict delayed seizure detection and to determine optimal cEEG duration for various patient subpopulations. Methods: We retrospectively identified all patients ≥18 years of age who underwent cEEG at Cleveland clinic during calendar year 2016. Clinical and EEG data for all patients and time to seizure detection for seizure patients were collected. Results: Twenty-four hundred and two patients met inclusion criteria. Of these, 316 (13.2%) had subclinical seizures. Sixty-five (20.6%) patients had delayed seizures detection after 24 hours. Seizure detection increased linearly till 36 hours of monitoring, and odds of seizure detection increased by 46% for every additional day of monitoring. Delayed seizure risk factors included stupor (13.2% after 48 hours, P =.031), lethargy (25.9%, P =.013), lateralized (LPDs) (27.7%, P =.029) or generalized periodic discharges (GPDs) (33.3%, P =.022), acute brain insults (25.5%, P =.036), brain bleeds (32.8%, P =.014), especially multiple concomitant bleeds (61.1%, P <.001), altered mental status (34.7%, P =.001) as primary cEEG indication, and use of antiseizure medications (27.8%, P <.001) at cEEG initiation. Significance: Given the linear seizure detection trend, 36 hours of standard monitoring appears more optimal than 24 hours especially for high-risk patients. For awake patients without epileptiform discharges, <24 hours of monitoring appears sufficient. Previous studies have shown that coma and LPDs predict delayed seizure detection. We found that stupor and lethargy were also associated with delayed seizure detection. LPDs and GPDs were associated with delayed seizures. Other delayed seizure risk factors included acute brain insults, brain bleeds especially multiple concomitant bleeds, altered mental status as primary cEEG indication, and use of ASMs at cEEG initiation. Longer cEEG (≥48 hours) is suggested for these high-risk patients. ER  - 
PROVE—Phase IV Study of Perampanel in Real-World Clinical Care of Patients with Epilepsy: Interim Analysis in Pediatric Patients$$$ PROVE is a retrospective, phase IV study assessing retention, dosing, efficacy, and safety of perampanel when administered to patients during routine clinical care. We report an interim analysis of preadolescent (1 to <12 years) and adolescent (12 to <18 years) patients. Data were obtained from medical records of patients with epilepsy initiating perampanel after January 1, 2014; cut-off date for this analysis was October 10, 2018. Overall, 151 preadolescent and 183 adolescent patients were included. Retention rates following 24 months on perampanel were 42.5% (preadolescent subgroup; n = 31/73) and 55.7% (adolescent subgroup; n = 54/97). Treatment-emergent adverse events occurred in 53 (35.1%) preadolescent (most common: aggression, irritability, and somnolence) and 78 (42.6%) adolescent patients (most common: somnolence, aggression, and dizziness). These data indicate that daily oral doses of perampanel are generally well tolerated during routine clinical care, with favorable retention rates for ≤2 years, in patients aged 1 to <18 years. ER  - 
Tremor Presenting in Infants and Children Aged <2 Years$$$ Objectives: To examine the clinical features, course, and management of children at age <2 years with tremor. Methods:Retrospective chart review of all patients aged <2 years presenting to a tertiary care neurology clinic between 2005 and 2019. Descriptive and inferential statistics were used. Results: We identified 29 children with tremor presenting at age <2 years. The mean age at onset, diagnosis and follow-up was 3.22 months (SD 3.63), 6.97 months (SD 5.44), and 10.83 months (SD 5.29), respectively. Tremor was more noticeable surrounding eating, sleep, or extreme emotions. The tremor did not interfere with development or require pharmacologic treatment in any patient. At follow-up, 31% had complete resolution of their tremor with the rest being stable or improved. Patients with resolved tremor were statistically more likely to have a younger age of diagnosis (F = 3.895, P =.033), no medical history (P =.029, χ2 = 7.112), and leg tremor (P =.028, χ2 = 7.143). Conclusion: Tremor with onset at age <2 years follows a benign course, with many patients requiring no treatment and outgrowing the disorder. ER  - 
Alcohol withdrawal in past-year drinkers with unhealthy alcohol use: Prevalence, characteristics, and correlates in a national epidemiologic survey$$$ Background: Despite its potential to produce serious adverse outcomes, DSM-5 alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS) has not been widely studied in the general population. Methods: We used cross-sectional data from 36,309 U.S. adults from the 2012–2013 National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions-III to examine the past-year prevalence of AWS and its correlates. We focused on an important clinical population–past-year drinkers with unhealthy alcohol use–i.e., those with a positive score on the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test–Consumption (AUDIT-C) questionnaire. We also examined the association of AWS with sociodemographic measures, psychiatric disorders, alcohol-related measures, and healthcare utilization. Results: Approximately one-third (n = 12,634) of respondents reported unhealthy alcohol use (AUDIT-C+). Of these, 14.3% met criteria for a DSM-5 AWS diagnosis. The mean (SE) number of withdrawal symptoms among individuals with AWS was 2.83 (1.88), with the most common being nausea/vomiting and insomnia (19.8% and 11.6%, respectively). Among AUDIT-C+ respondents, the odds of AWS were significantly higher among males (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 1.17 [95% CI, 1.02–1.33]), unmarried participants (aOR = 1.55 [95% CI, 1.25–1.92]), and those at the lowest (vs. highest) income levels (aOR = 1.62 [95% CI, 1.37–1.92]). Among AUDIT-C+ respondents, AWS was also associated with psychiatric disorders (with aORs that ranged from 2.08 [95% CI, 1.79–2.41]) for major depressive disorder to 3.14 (95% CI, 1.79–2.41) for borderline personality disorder. AUDIT-C+ respondents with AWS also had higher odds of past-year alcohol use disorder (aOR = 11.2 [95% CI, 9.66–13.07]), other alcohol-related features (e.g., binge drinking), and healthcare utilization. Conclusions: Among individuals with unhealthy alcohol use, AWS is prevalent, highly comorbid, and disabling. Given the risk of AWS among unhealthy drinkers, a comparatively large segment of the general population, clinicians should seek to identify individuals with AWS and intervene with them to prevent serious adverse outcomes. ER  - 
Frequency and Factors Associated With Adverse Events Among Multi-Drug Resistant Tuberculosis Patients in Pakistan: A Retrospective Study$$$ Background: Treatment of multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) for a prolonged period with comparatively less effective and more toxic second-line anti-TB drugs is associated with greater incidence of adverse events. Study aim: This study aimed to evaluate the frequency and factors associated with occurrence of adverse events among patients with MDR-TB attending the Bahawal Victoria Hospital, Bahawalpur, Pakistan. Study design: This retrospective study included all patients with MDR-TB who were registered and treated at the study site between June 2014 and December 2016 and had their treatment outcomes available at the time of data collection (i.e., November 2018). Measures and outcomes: The Electronic Nominal Record System (ERNS) records, medical charts of patients, and laboratory reports were reviewed to obtain the data. Adverse events were reported as per the standard criteria recommended by the WHO. Multivariate binary logistic regression was used to find the independent factors associated with the occurrence of adverse events. Results: A total of 179 patients with MDR-TB were included in the final analysis. Out of these, 114 (63.7%) patients experienced at least one adverse event during the course of their treatment. Depression was the most common adverse events (33%), followed by nausea and vomiting (27.4%) and arthralgia (27.4%). The factors associated with the occurrence of adverse events included presence of comorbidity (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 2.951; 95% CI 1.423, 6.118) and being employed (AOR 3.445; 95% CI 1.188, 9.993). Conclusion: Adverse events were prevalent in this cohort, however, resolved with the effective management approaches. Patients with identified factors for occurrence of adverse events need special attention and enhanced clinical management. ER  - 
Hair, serum and urine chromium levels in children with cognitive defects: A systematic review and meta-analysis of case control studies$$$ Environmental chromium exposure may cause impaired development of children. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis. Electronic databases including PubMed, Embase, Web of Science and CINAHL were searched to identify case-control studies that reported childhood Cr exposure and cognitive development. The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS) was used to ensure the quality of the included studies. Cr levels were compared in cases and controls, and a random effect meta-analysis was performed using Stata version 16. Twelve of 61 studies identified in the literature search were eligible for this analysis. Hair, serum and urine Cr measurements were reported by seven, two and one studies, respectively. In addition, one study reported both serum and hair Cr exposure and another reported urine and hair Cr exposure. The pooled standard mean differences (SMD) showed that hair Cr levels were non-significantly lower among children with cognitive defects (−0.01 μg/g, 95% CI: −0.04, 00, p = 0.27). In serum and urine, the pooled SMD was higher in children with cognitive deficits compared with healthy control children (0.32 μg/g, 95% CI: −0.78, 1.42, p = 0.56 and 0.64 μg/g, CI: −0.07,1.36, p = 0.08; respectively). In summary, this systematic review found no significant differences in hair, serum and urine Cr levels between children with cognitive deficits and healthy control children when all study data were pooled in the meta-analysis. Larger studies using standardized criteria and longitudinal assessment of cognitive development are needed to determine whether there is a dose response effect of childhood Cr exposure on cognitive development of children. ER  - 
Inconsistent Country-Wide Reporting of Adverse Drug Reactions to Antimicrobials in Sierra Leone (2017–2021): A Wake-Up Call to Improve Reporting$$$ Background: Monitoring of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) to antimicrobials is important, as they can cause life-threatening illness, permanent disabilities, and death. We assessed country-wide ADR reporting on antimicrobials and their outcomes. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted using individual case safety reports (ICSRs) entered into the national pharmacovigilance database (VigiFlow) during 2017–2021. Results: Of 566 ICSRs, inconsistent reporting was seen, with the highest reporting in 2017 and 2019 (mass drug campaigns for deworming), zero reporting in 2018 (reasons unknown), and only a handful in 2020 and 2021 (since COVID-19). Of 566 ICSRs, 90% were for antiparasitics (actively reported during mass campaigns), while the rest (passive reporting from health facilities) included 8% antibiotics, 7% antivirals, and 0.2% antifungals. In total, 90% of the reports took >30 days to be entered (median = 165; range 2–420 days), while 44% had <75% of all variables filled in (desired target = 100%). There were 10 serious ADRs, 18 drug withdrawals, and 60% of ADRs affected the gastrointestinal system. The patient outcomes (N-566) were: recovered (59.5%), recovering (35.5%), not recovered (1.4%), death (0.2%), and unknown (3.4%). There was no final ascertainment of ‘recovering’ outcomes. Conclusions: ADR reporting is inconsistent, with delays and incomplete data. This is a wake-up call for introducing active reporting and setting performance targets. ER  - 
Association of labour epidural analgesia with neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring: a Danish population-based cohort study$$$ Background: Whether labour epidural analgesia impacts risk of neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring is unsettled, raising public and scientific concerns. We explored the association between maternal labour epidural analgesia and autism spectrum disorder, and specific developmental disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, intellectual disability, and epilepsy in offspring. Methods: This nationwide population-based cohort study included 624 952 live-born singletons delivered by women who intended to deliver vaginally (i.e. vaginal and intrapartum Caesarean deliveries) in Denmark from 2005 to 2016. A total of 80 862 siblings discordant for exposure to labour epidural analgesia were analysed in a sibling-matched analysis. Both full-cohort and sibling-matched analyses were performed to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) of offspring risk of autism spectrum disorder, specific developmental disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, intellectual disability, and epilepsy, according to exposure to labour epidural analgesia, adjusted for maternal socio-economic, pregnancy, and perinatal covariates. Results: In the full cohort, maternal labour epidural analgesia was associated with autism spectrum disorder in offspring (HR 1.11; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.04–1.18); however, in the sibling-matched analysis, no association with autism spectrum disorder was found (HR 1.03; 95% CI: 0.84–1.27). The association between labour epidural analgesia and specific developmental disorder (HR 1.12; 95% CI: 1.03–1.22) in the full cohort also disappeared in the sibling-matched analysis (HR 1.01; 95% CI: 0.78–1.31). No association between maternal labour epidural analgesia and the remaining neurodevelopmental disorders was found overall (attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, HR 0.98; 95% CI: 0.92–1.03; intellectual disability, HR 0.98; 95% CI: 0.85–1.14; epilepsy, HR 0.89; 95% CI: 0.79–1.00) or in the sibling-matched analyses. Conclusions: Our findings did not support an association between maternal attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder, specific developmental disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, intellectual disability, or epilepsy. ER  - 
Metabolomics changes after rTMS intervention reveal potential peripheral biomarkers in methamphetamine dependence$$$ Methamphetamine is one of the most commonly used drugs around the world, leading to serious public health and psychiatric problems. Due to the lackness of objective laboratory evaluation indicators, the molecular mechanisms of methamphetamine dependence still remain unclear. Previous evidence demonstrated that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may be useful in treating drug addiction. The aim of this study was to identify and validate plasma metabolomics biomarkers in patients with methamphetamine use disorder before and after rTMS intervention. An untargeted gas chromatography–time-of-flight mass spectrometry (GC-TOFMS) based metabolomics approach was applied to characterize the metabolic profile of forty methamphetamine dependent subjects and thirty-eight healthy controls in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). Patients were randomized to receive either rTMS or sham over the DLPFC for four weeks (20 daily sessions, 900 pulses per day). Cognitive function were assessed before and after rTMS intervention. Eight PBMC metabolites responsible for distinguishing real rTMS from sham treatment were identified. These metabolites were mainly involved in energy metabolism and oxidative stress. Compared with baseline, the expression of three metabolites was reversed after rTMS intervention: alpha-tocopherol, glyceric acid and fumaric acid. Changes of the alpha-tocopherol were associated with cognitive function improvement following rTMS. These findings suggest that energy metabolism and oxidative stress system may be associated with the effect of rTMS on cognitive function in methamphetamine dependence, and warrant further investigation. ER  - 
Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging Findings in Infantile Spasms$$$ Background: Infantile spasms are an age-specific epileptic disorder. They occur in infancy and early childhood. They can be caused by multiple etiologies. Structural abnormalities represent an important cause of infantile spasms. Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is one of the integral modalities in the evaluation of this condition. Purpose: The aim of this study is to review and analyze the clinical characteristics and brain MRI findings in a cohort of children diagnosed with infantile spasms. Material and Methods: A cohort of fifty-six children diagnosed with infantile spasms in infancy and early childhood was included. All of them underwent brain MRI for evaluation. The study was conducted in the period from January 2016 to January 2020. Results: Females comprised 57% of the cohort. The mean age for seizure onset was 5.9 months (SD 2.7). Forty-one patients (73%) had active epilepsy, and 51% were diagnosed with global developmental delay. Consanguinity was present in 59% of the cohort. Most of the follow-up MRIs showed structural abnormalities (84%). Hypoxia was reported in 17% of MRIs. Malformations of cortical development were seen in five patients. Brain MRI findings were normal in 16% of patients, and delayed myelination was seen in nineteen patients. Most of the children with active epilepsy (64%) and developmental delay (82%) had an abnormal brain MRI. It was noticed that abnormal second brain MRIs were more likely to be associated with active epilepsy and developmental delay (p = 0.05). Conclusions: Brain MRI is an integral part of infantile spasms’ clinical evaluation. Infantile spasms and abnormal brain MRI can be associated with active epilepsy and global developmental delay. ER  - 
Pediatric GAD-65 Autoimmune Encephalitis: Assessing Clinical Characteristics and Response to Therapy With a Novel Assessment Scale$$$ Background: Glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) encephalitis is a neuroinflammatory disease characterized by a broad range of symptoms including cognitive deficits, behavioral changes, and seizures. Children with this disorder have heterogeneous presentations, and little is known about symptom progression over time and response to immunotherapy. Methods: This study reports 10 pediatric GAD encephalitis cases and symptoms found at presentation and follow-up. In addition, symptom severity was reported utilizing a novel scale evaluating functional outcomes across the domains affected by autoimmune encephalitis including cognition, language, seizures, psychiatric symptoms, sleep, and movement. Retrospective chart review was conducted for 10 patients aged <18 years, diagnosed with GAD encephalitis, and followed for one year or more. Chart review included clinical, imaging, and laboratory findings at time of diagnosis and at six- and 12-month follow-ups. Results: At presentation, cognitive deficits were found in all patients, seizures in six of 10, and language decline in seven of 10. Psychiatric symptoms were prominent for all but one patient with three of nine patients presenting with psychosis. Fatigue, sleep disruption, and movement disorders were less prominent symptoms, occurring in approximately half of the cohort. Cognition and fatigue improved significantly over time when compared with symptom severity, whereas seizures, psychiatric symptoms, and sleep did not. Language and sleep showed improvement only in early stages. Analysis of seizure frequency and type noted variability mirroring trends noted in adult studies of GAD encephalitis. Conclusions: This study demonstrated the variability of symptom profiles of pediatric GAD encephalitis and benefits of symptom severity scales. Symptom profiles and progression vary in this population. ER  - 
Prevalence and Risk Factors of Neurologic Manifestations in Hospitalized Children Diagnosed with Acute SARS-CoV-2 or MIS-C$$$ Background: Our objective was to characterize the frequency, early impact, and risk factors for neurological manifestations in hospitalized children with acute severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection or multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS-C). Methods: Multicenter, cross-sectional study of neurological manifestations in children aged <18 years hospitalized with positive SARS-CoV-2 test or clinical diagnosis of a SARS-CoV-2-related condition between January 2020 and April 2021. Multivariable logistic regression to identify risk factors for neurological manifestations was performed. Results: Of 1493 children, 1278 (86%) were diagnosed with acute SARS-CoV-2 and 215 (14%) with MIS-C. Overall, 44% of the cohort (40% acute SARS-CoV-2 and 66% MIS-C) had at least one neurological manifestation. The most common neurological findings in children with acute SARS-CoV-2 and MIS-C diagnosis were headache (16% and 47%) and acute encephalopathy (15% and 22%), both P < 0.05. Children with neurological manifestations were more likely to require intensive care unit (ICU) care (51% vs 22%), P < 0.001. In multivariable logistic regression, children with neurological manifestations were older (odds ratio [OR] 1.1 and 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.07 to 1.13) and more likely to have MIS-C versus acute SARS-CoV-2 (OR 2.16, 95% CI 1.45 to 3.24), pre-existing neurological and metabolic conditions (OR 3.48, 95% CI 2.37 to 5.15; and OR 1.65, 95% CI 1.04 to 2.66, respectively), and pharyngeal (OR 1.74, 95% CI 1.16 to 2.64) or abdominal pain (OR 1.43, 95% CI 1.03 to 2.00); all P < 0.05. Conclusions: In this multicenter study, 44% of children hospitalized with SARS-CoV-2-related conditions experienced neurological manifestations, which were associated with ICU admission and pre-existing neurological condition. Posthospital assessment for, and support of, functional impairment and neuroprotective strategies are vitally needed. ER  - 
Sleep disorders and ADHD symptoms in children and adolescents with typical absence seizures: An observational study$$$ Objective: To assess the occurrence of sleep disorders (SD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in children with typical absence seizures (TAS) compared to control children and to evaluate the impact of epilepsy-related factors on sleep and attention in children with TAS. Methods: The Sleep Disturbance Scale for Children (SDSC) and the ADHD rating scale were filled in by parents of a cohort composed by 82 children aged from 5 to 15.6 years, 49% of boys (41 with TAS with a syndromic diagnosis of childhood absence epilepsy and 41 controls). For children with TAS, the Pediatric Epilepsy Side Effects Questionnaire was completed. Statistical analyses were conducted in order to compare sleep and attention scores between groups. In children with TAS, a correlation was computed between these scores. Logistics regression models were conducted to identify predictors of excessive diurnal sleepiness and inattention in children with TAS. Results: Compared to controls, children with TAS had higher total scores for subjective sleep (mean 42.9 vs 38.3, p = 0.05) and attention disorders (mean 16.8 vs 11.6, p = 0.01), especially for excessive diurnal sleepiness (mean 3.9 vs 3.2, p = 0.02) and inattention (mean 9.3 vs 5.6, p = 0.003) components. In children with TAS, sleep problems were significantly under-reported by parents. Sleep disorders symptoms as breathing-related sleep disturbance, excessive diurnal sleepiness or naps at or after 7 years of age were reported. Subjective sleep and attention disorders were significantly correlated (r = 0.43, p = 0.01). Subjective excessive diurnal sleepiness may be the result of a polytherapy (p = 0.05) or a side effect of anti-seizure medication (ASM) (p = 0.03) but children without medication side effects also reported subjective SD. In children with TAS, the risk of inattention symptoms was increased in boys (p = 0.02), with a high BMI (p = 0.05), or with ASM side effects (p = 0.03). Conclusions: This study demonstrates that children with TAS are at risk of sleep and attention disorder symptoms. If attention disorders in a context of epilepsy are now widely assessed and identified, sleep disorders are still under-estimated. An accurate identification and management of sleep disorders could improve academic performances, quality of life, and seizure management in children with TAS. ER  - 
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on persons with epilepsy in Uganda: A descriptive cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the impact of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic on the disease course, lives, and psychosocial wellbeing of persons with epilepsy (PWE) in Uganda. Methods: From April 2021 till May 2021, we carried out a descriptive cross-sectional study at four hospitals located in four regions of Uganda. PWE presenting at the study sites were offered a structured questionnaire in the local language. We used the PHQ-9 questionnaire to screen for depression and the GAD-7 to screen for anxiety. Univariate and multivariable logistic regression was used to investigate factors associated with anxiety and depression. Results: A total of 370 responses were collected. The median age of the respondents was 20.5 years (IQR 15–29), and 51.9% were males. During the lockdown period, the seizure frequency increased in 87 (23.5%) PWE. Various forms of physical and psychological violence were inflicted upon 106 (28.6%) PWE. Fifty-eight (15.7%) screened positive for anxiety and 65 (17.6%) positive for depression. Both increased seizure frequency and experienced violence were associated with experiencing depression and anxiety. Conclusion: The COVID-19 pandemic and lockdown impacted seizure frequency and the psychosocial wellbeing of PWE in Uganda. Increased seizure frequency was associated with higher rates of anxiety and depression. This underlines the importance of continued follow-up of PWE and a low threshold to screen for depression, anxiety, and domestic violence. ER  - 
Functional seizures are associated with cerebrovascular disease and functional stroke is more common in patients with functional seizures than epileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: To characterize the relationship between functional seizures (FSe), cerebrovascular disease (CVD), and functional stroke. Method: A retrospective case-control study of 189 patients at a single large tertiary medical center. We performed a manual chart review of medical records of patients with FSe or epileptic seizures (ES), who also had ICD code evidence of CVD. The clinical characteristics of FSe, ES, CVD, and functional stroke were recorded. Logistic regression and Welch's t-tests were used to evaluate the differences between the FSe and ES groups. Results: Cerebrovascular disease was confirmed in 58.7% and 87.6% of patients with FSe or ES through manual chart review. Stroke was significantly more common in patients with ES (76.29%) than FSe (43.48%) (p = 4.07 × 10−6). However, compared to nonepileptic controls FSe was associated with both CVD (p < 0.0019) and stroke (p < 6.62 × 10−10). Functional stroke was significantly more common in patients with FSe (39.13%) than patients with ES (4.12%) (p = 4.47 × 10−9). Compared to patients with ES, patients with FSe were younger (p = 0.00022), more likely to be female (p = 0.00040), and more likely to have comorbid mental health needs including anxiety (p = 1.06 × 10−6), PTSD or history of trauma (e.g., sexual abuse) (p = 1.06 × 10−13), and bipolar disorder (p = 0.0011). Conclusion: Our results confirm the initial observation of increased CVD in patients with FSe and further suggest that patients with FSe may be predisposed to developing another functional neurological disorder (FND) (i.e., functional stroke). We speculate that this may be due to shared risk factors and pathophysiological processes that are common to various manifestations of FND. ER  - 
Quality of life for patients with psychogenic nonepilepsy seizures in comparison with age- and gender-matched patients with epilepsy – Cross-sectional study$$$ Aims: Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), and age- and gender-matched patients with epilepsy (PWE) who utilized an out-patient service were compared regarding quality of life (QoL) and self-reported symptoms of depression. Additionally, the impact of miscellaneous clinical variables including symptoms of depression on QoL in patients with PNES and PWE in real-world settings was assessed. Subjects and methods: Adult patients who had a diagnosis of definite or documented PNES based on LaFrance's criteria (PNES group, n = 62), or of epilepsy based on results of clinical and EEG procedures (Epilepsy group, n = 61) were enrolled. To assess QoL and evaluate depression, the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-10 (QOLIE-10) and Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E), respectively, were administered. Results: Comparisons between the groups revealed a shorter duration of illness and fewer number of attacks in patients with PNES as compared to the Epilepsy group (p < 0.0001; p = 0.0003, respectively). There was no significant difference between the groups revealed by the QOLIE-10 (p = 0.141), while the patients with PNES tended to have higher NDDI-E scores (p = 0.068). Multiple regression analysis of QOLIE-10 results in the PNES group revealed that NDDI-E score was the sole significant contributor (β = −0.425 p = 0.001). In contrast, NDDI-E score as well as attack frequency had a significant impact on QOLIE-10 results in the Epilepsy group (β = −0.283 p = 0.026; β = −0.272 p = 0.031, respectively). Conclusion: In PWE and patients with PNES who utilized an out-patient service, QoL did not differ significantly between those groups. For treating PNES, psychosocial factors may be a more appropriate indicator of therapeutic goal than attack frequency. ER  - 
Deep Brain Stimulation in childhood-onset dystonia due to brain pathology. A long-term study$$$ Background: Pallidal Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) is an established treatment option for isolated, inherited or idiopathic dystonia, however data on its safety and efficacy in other forms of dystonia are more limited. Objectives: Retrospective analysis of motor and non-motor outcomes in pediatric onset refractory dystonia due to static or progressive brain disorders in a cohort of patients with a DBS treatment duration ≥12 months. Methods: Multidisciplinary assessments including standardised scales/tests of motor function, pain, quality of life, cognition and language were carried out before implantation and longitudinally afterwards. Results: 9 patients were included, 7 had cerebral palsy. Mean age at implantation was 209 months ± 156, mean treatment duration 84 ± 37 months. DBS was well tolerated and positively affected both motor and non-motor functions. In particular, statistically significant improvements were documented in Burke-Fahn-Marsden Scale scores (- 19.9% p 0.01031) at 12 months and in long-term quality of life (+28.6%, p 0.0292). Conclusions: DBS may be a useful treatment option in generalized dystonia associated with brain pathology. Even when the motor benefits are limited, improvements in quality of life and non-motor functions, or the possible prevention of serious dystonia-related complications, may have a significant impact on overall clinical status. ER  - 
Neuropsychological performance and effort in patients diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures – Descriptive study of a Czech sample$$$ Purpose: The aim of the study was to examine the neuropsychological performance and effort in patients with a confirmed PNES diagnosis. The second aim of the study was to investigate the relationship between validity indicators from the cognitive battery with validity and clinical scales from a personality scale. Method: Patients with PNES (N = 250; F:M 186:64; mean age 38.32 (13.23)) were assessed utilizing the RBANS (Czech Research version) to evaluate cognitive performance and to obtain the Effort Index. The MMPI-2 was used to evaluate personality and psychopathology. Results: Global cognitive performance was 0.92 SD below average (according to the Gaussian distribution) in patients with PNES. The lowest scores in the sample were in the Attention domain (−1.7SD). Insufficient effort was detected in 10% of patients. Education correlated negatively with the Effort index (rs = −0.25, p = 0.01). A mild significant correlation in Scale 7 (rs = 0.21, p = 0.01) and Scale 8 (rs = 0.24, p = 0.01), and a significant correlation between Effort Index and Back F Scale (rs = 0.23, p = 0.01) were noted. Conclusions: Assessment of cognitive performance and effort is an essential part of the comprehensive evaluation of patients with PNES during their hospitalization at Epilepsy centers. Many aspects of the neuropsychological assessment can offer useful indications for reaching a differential diagnosis, including clinical history, behavioral observations, cognitive and symptom validity testing, and structured psychological inventories. ER  - 
The impact of one-year COVID-19 containment measures in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy: A longitudinal survey-based study$$$ Background: We assessed levels of depression, anxiety, stress, anhedonia, somatization, psychological distress, sleep, and life quality in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE) after one year of containment measures started in Italy to stem the COVID-19 pandemic. Methods: We consecutively enrolled 51 patients with MTLE, administering an online survey that compared the year before and after the COVID-19 propagation. We analyzed clinical data (e.g., seizure frequency, life quality) and neuropsychological assessment through Somatic Symptom Scale–8 (SSS-8), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-2), State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI-Y), Depression, Anxiety and Stress Scale (DASS-21), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Snaith-Hamilton Pleasure Scale (SHAPS), Impact of Event Scale-Revised (IES-R). The BDI-2 and STAI-Y scores were compared to those acquired in the same patients before the COVID-19 outbreak. Results: Comparing our population with MTLE before and after COVID-19 outbreak, we found a significant worsening in life quality (p = 0.03), SSS-8 (p = 0.001), BDI-2 (p = 0.032), and STAI-Y scores (p < 0.001). After one year of pandemic, 88.2% of patients obtained pathological scores at PSQI, 19.6% at SHAPS, 29.4% at IES-R. Reduction of life quality correlated with anxiety, depression, stress, and somatization. Higher levels of anhedonia correlated with stress, depression, and anxiety. Somatization correlated with depression, anxiety, and sleep quality. Distress levels correlated with anxiety, somatization, and depression. Conclusions: We demonstrated a significant worsening of depression, anxiety, life quality, and somatization in patients with MTLE after one year of COVID-19 beginning. Concomitantly, results suggest that the pandemic had a negative impact on sleep quality, psychological distress, and anhedonia, but not on epilepsy itself. ER  - 
Cortical thickness in default mode network hubs correlates with clinical features of dissociative seizures$$$ Background: Dissociative seizures (DS) are a common subtype of functional neurological disorder (FND) with an incompletely understood pathophysiology. Here, gray matter variations and their relationship to clinical features were investigated. Methods: Forty-eight patients with DS without neurological comorbidities and 43 matched clinical control patients with syncope with structural brain MRIs were identified retrospectively. FreeSurfer-based cortical thickness and FSL FIRST-based subcortical volumes were used for quantitative analyses, and all findings were age and sex adjusted, and corrected for multiple comparisons. Results: Groups were not statistically different in cortical thickness or subcortical volumes. For patients with DS, illness duration was inversely correlated with cortical thickness of left-sided anterior and posterior cortical midline structures (perigenual/dorsal anterior cingulate cortex, superior parietal cortex, precuneus), and clusters at the left temporoparietal junction (supramarginal gyrus, postcentral gyrus, superior temporal gyrus), left postcentral gyrus, and right pericalcarine cortex. Dissociative seizure duration was inversely correlated with cortical thickness in the left perigenual anterior cingulate cortex, superior/middle frontal gyri, precentral gyrus and lateral occipital cortex, along with the right isthmus-cingulate and posterior-cingulate, middle temporal gyrus, and precuneus. Seizure frequency did not show any significant correlations. Conclusions: In patients with DS, illness duration inversely correlated with cortical thickness of left-sided default mode network cortical hubs, while seizure duration correlated with left frontopolar and right posteromedial areas, among others. Etiological factors contributing to neuroanatomical variations in areas related to self-referential processing in patients with DS require more research inquiry. ER  - 
Six-month outcomes of the CODES randomised controlled trial of cognitive behavioural therapy for dissociative seizures: A secondary analysis$$$ Purpose: The CODES Trial for adults with dissociative seizures had a predesignated 12-month post-randomisation follow-up point for outcome evaluation. We undertook an exploratory, unplanned, secondary analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of cognitive behavioural therapy plus standardised medical care (CBT+SMC) compared to SMC alone at 6 months post-randomisation, i.e., closer to the end of treatment. Methods: The analysis of 6-month data followed our previous method of using multiple imputation and an intention-to-treat approach to analyse variables 12 months post-randomisation. Results: The original trial primary outcome of monthly seizure frequency showed greater benefit from CBT+SMC than SMC-alone at 6 months (at p < 0.05). Of 13 comparable previously-defined secondary outcomes, 12 showed a significant between group effect (p < 0.05) in favour of the CBT intervention at 6 months. The average effect size of the comparable previously-defined primary and secondary continuous outcomes was 0.33 at 6 months vs 0.26 at 12 months. The estimated Incidence Rate Ratio (IRR) quantifying monthly seizure reduction was IRR = 0.72 (95%CI from 0.55 to 0.93) at 6 months compared to IRR = 0.78 at 12 months. Conclusion: DS-specific CBT (plus SMC) produced evidence of significant benefits at 6 months post- randomisation (around which time CBT was complete) compared to SMC alone; for the majority of these outcomes, better results following CBT (plus SMC) had previously been reported at 12 months. Our pattern of results suggests that short- and longer-term follow-ups are necessary to understand treatment effects in this disorder. Studies only providing short-term follow-up data should be interpreted with caution. ER  - 
Perceived Stigma and Its Association with Stress, Anxiety, and Depression among Patients with Epilepsy$$$ The present study focuses on exploring the prevalence and relationship of stigma, stress, anxiety, and depression among patients with epilepsy. This hospital-based study consisted of 200 patients diagnosed with epilepsy using a purposive sampling selected from the outpatient department of the Central Indian Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences, Dewada, Chhattisgarh, India. Patients were assessed through a sociodemographic datasheet, Stigma Scale of Epilepsy, and Depression Anxiety Stress Scales. The result of the study reveals that patient with epilepsy perceived 25% of high stigma 61.0% of stress, 55.0% of anxiety, and 47.5% of the extremely severe level depression. In regression analysis, overall perceived stigma strongly contributes 32.9% to the variance on stress, anxiety, and depression in epileptic patients. The present study helps mental health professionals to understand the problems faced by patients with epilepsy and to create awareness about the same in society so that patients diagnosed with epilepsy are not ostracized. ER  - 
Factors Associated with Postictal Agitation after Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Objective This study investigated the occurrence of postictal agitation (PA) in patients undergoing an acute series of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and further explored patient and treatment variables associated with PA. Methods Charts were retrospectively searched for patients undergoing an acute series of ECT. Postictal agitation was identified by the administration of a sedative after ECT. Demographic, diagnostic, medication, and ECT variables that could also be associated with PA were collected and accounted for in statistical analysis. Results In this population, 22 of 156 patients experienced PA. Associations that reached statistical significance included sex, weight, active substance use disorder, seizure duration (as observed by motor movements), and waking time. Only seizure duration and waking time maintained significance after multivariable analysis. Conclusions These data identify clinical factors that could help predict PA. Patients with greater weight, male sex, or an active substance use disorder ought to be carefully monitored for PA, and staff in the recovery suite should be especially vigilant about such patients with longer seizures and waking times. ER  - 
Relationship between Anesthesia Depth and Quality of Seizures in Patients Undergoing Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Prospective Observational Study$$$ Objectives Electroconvulsive therapy under general anesthesia is an established treatment for mood disorders, such as therapy-resistant depression. As most anesthetic drugs used for induction of anesthesia increase the seizure threshold, adequate depth of anesthesia without diminishing the therapeutic efficacy of interventions is crucial. The aim of this study was to investigate whether anesthesia depth as assessed by Narcotrend (NCT) monitoring correlates with maximum seizure quality. Methods An observational study was performed in psychiatric patients undergoing multiple interventions of electroconvulsive therapy. Seizure quality of each attendance was assessed evaluating electroencephalogram end point, electromyogram end point, postictal suppression index, the midictal amplitude, and a 3-step overall graduation. Narcotrend was used to assess anesthesia depth according to index-based electroencephalogram findings. Measurements were obtained before induction of anesthesia, before stimulation, and after arousal. Data were analyzed by means of linear mixed models and generalized estimating equations models. Results A total of 105 interventions in 12 patients were analyzed. Anesthesia depth before stimulation was significantly associated with seizure quality (standardized β = 0.244, P = 0.010), maximum sustained coherence (β = 0.207, P = 0.022), and electroencephalogram duration (β = 0.215, P = 0.012). A cutoff value of 41 or greater versus 40 or less for the NCT index was found appropriate to differentiate between good and less satisfactory overall seizure quality. Conclusions Anesthesia depth index assessed by NCT monitoring was positively associated with seizure quality. Narcotrend monitoring may be useful in assessment of optimal anesthesia depth before stimulation. ER  - 
First-trimester exposure to benzodiazepines and risk of congenital malformations in offspring: A population-based cohort study in South Korea$$$ Background Benzodiazepines: are frequently prescribed during pregnancy; : however, evidence about possible teratogenicity is equivocal. We aimed to evaluate the association between first-trimester benzodiazepine use and the risk of major congenital malformations. Methods and findings Using Korea’s nationwide healthcare database, we conducted a population-based cohort study of women who gave birth during 2011 to 2018 and their live-born infants. The exposure was defined as one or more benzodiazepine prescriptions during the first trimester. We determined the relative risks (RRs) and confidence intervals (CIs) of overall congenital malformations and 12 types of organ-specific malformations. Infants were followed from birth to death or 31 December 2019, whichever came first (up to 8 years of age). Propensity score fine stratification was employed to control for 45 potential confounders. Among a total of 3,094,227 pregnancies, 40,846 (1.3%) were exposed to benzodiazepines during the first trimester (mean [SD] age, 32.4 [4.1] years). The absolute risk of overall malformations was 65.3 per 1,000 pregnancies exposed to benzodiazepines versus 51.4 per 1,000 unexposed pregnancies. The adjusted RR was 1.09 (95% CI 1.05 to 1.13, p < 0.001) for overall malformations and 1.15 (1.10 to 1.21, p < 0.001) for heart defects. Based on mean daily lorazepam-equivalent doses, the adjusted RRs for overall malformations and heart defects were 1.05 (0.99 to 1.12, p = 0.077) and 1.12 (1.04 to 1.21, p = 0.004) for <1 mg/day and 1.26 (1.17 to 1.36, p < 0.001) and 1.31 (1.19 to 1.45, p < 0.001) for >2.5 mg/day doses, respectively, suggesting a dose–response relationship. A small but significant increase in risk for overall and heart defects was detected with several specific agents (range of adjusted RRs: 1.08 to 2.43). The findings were robust across all sensitivity analyses, and negative control analyses revealed a null association. Study limitations include possible exposure misclassification, residual confounding, and restriction to live births. Conclusions In this large nationwide cohort study, we found that first-trimester benzodiazepine exposure was associated with a small increased risk of overall malformations and heart defects, particularly at the higher daily dose. The absolute risks and population attributable fractions were modest. The benefits of benzodiazepines for their major indications must be considered despite the potential risks; if their use is necessary, the lowest effective dosage should be prescribed to minimize the risk. ER  - 
eP265: Higher rates of non-skeletal complications in achondroplasia compared to the general population: A UK matched cohort study using CPRD-GOLD database$$$ Introduction: Achondroplasia (ACH) is a rare, genetic skeletal dysplasia, resulting in impaired endochondral bone growth and leading to multisystem complications. We aimed to estimate rates of non-skeletal complications in ACH patients compared with general population controls. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using the Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD-GOLD), a primary care database of anonymised electronic medical records from general practitioners, with coverage of over 16 million patients in the UK. Specific READ codes for achondroplasia were used to identify an ACH cohort and the study index date was defined as the ACH first record between 01/01/1987 and 31/12/2018. ACH cases were index date matched (1:4) by age, sex, general practitioner (practice-level) and linkage ability to Hospital Episode Statistics database with control patients, defined as those without evidence of skeletal/growth disorders. READ codes defined complications of interest based on review of the ACH literature. Event rates per 100 person-year and rate ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (95%CI), accounting for matching, were used to compare between cases and controls. Results: We identified 541 ACH cases and 2,052 matched controls. These were 51% female with a median age of 29 years (Q1-3 9-43 years) at index date. Mean (SD) follow-up time was 9.0 years (6.9) for ACH cases and 11.7 (7.0) years for controls. Overall, rates of any non-skeletal complication were almost twice as high in ACH cases compared to controls (RR, 95%CI = 1.76, 1.56-1.98). Significantly higher rate ratios in ACH cases vs. controls were seen in all body systems, except cardiovascular (see Table). Complications differed by ages when compared to controls. Among <18 years, rate ratios for developmental delay, enlarged tonsils and headaches were higher in ACH patients. Among ≥18 years, rate ratios for depression/anxiety and seizures were higher in ACH patients. Regardless of age group, hearing loss, otitis media, obesity, gastrointestinal issues and musculoskeletal pain were higher in ACH patients. Conclusion: This study is the first to assess complications in ACH compared to an appropriate matched general population control group. We demonstrate ACH patients have significantly more non-skeletal multisystemic complications compared to the general population which are present throughout the lifespan. [Formula presented] ER  - 
eP381: Diverse presentation of PARK2 gene variant patients: Array CGH study of nine cases with PARK2 disruption$$$ Background: PARK2 is a neurodevelopmental gene that has been associated with different disease entities including schizophrenia, early onset Parkinson disease (PD), Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). PARK 2 gene has been shown to encode ubiquitin-E3- ligase, the Parkin protein whose main function is to regulate mitophagy and programmed cell death. The pathogenicity of the PARK 2 gene was first implicated in early onset PD though no distinct genotype-phenotype correlation exists in patients. PARK2 come under rare category of candidate genes for ASD, which can currently be defined as genes implicated in rare monogenic forms of ASD. The types of allelic variants within this class include rare polymorphisms and single gene disruptions/variants directly linked to ASD. Copy number variations (CNVs), such as chromosomal deletions or duplications at the PARK2 locus have been linked to genetic susceptibility of ADHD. Linkage and genome-wide association study of 1,031 multiplex autism families and showed regions of linkage to be the PARK 2 locus. A case control study identified seven cases of ASD having deletions of PARK 2 gene but none in the controls. Furthermore, copy number variation including microdeletion and microduplication have been shown in ASD and implicated in the different phenotypes seen in the patients. Overall, these studies show the different neuronal associated diseases and heterogeneity in phenotypes that is associated with PARK 2 gene. Case presentation: We retrospectively evaluated our database of cases sent from genetic clinics to University of Rochester Medical Center (URMC) microarray laboratory for array comparative genomic hybridization (aCGH) testing. Microarray experiments were performed on cytochip ISCA (International Standard Cytogenetic Array) 4 ' 44K v2.0 platform (BlueFuse Limited, Cambridge, UK). Nine cases were found with PARK2 gene copy number variants. These samples were obtained from products of conception (n=1) and blood (n=8). Clinical indications for testing included: developmental delay, seizures, dysmorphic features, hypotonia, congenital anomalies, fetal death, autism spectrum disorder and positive family history of 6q26 deletion/duplication in offspring. We identified 5 cases with microdeletion and 4 cases with microduplication within the 6q26 locus. The sizes of deletion were from 215Kb to 356Kb and for duplication were from 279Kb to 726Kb. The minimum overlapping regions in the deletion case was 59Kb and in duplication cases was 279 Kb. Fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) analysis confirmed the microdeletion or microduplication within the 6q26 locus. Parkinson’s disease CNV mutations has been shown to involve exons 2 – 9 of PARK2 gene whereas CNV regions in our cases involved exon 7-10 out of the 12 exons contained in PARK2. Furthermore, all of our microduplication cases had region of overlap with the only published case of 6q26 microduplication. Three of the cases also had additional CNVs: duplication of 17q21.31-q21.32 (n=1), duplication of 20p13 (n=1) and one of the cases had deletion of 7q35, duplication of 17p13.3 and 19p12. Follow up of the cases showed that inheritance was from the father (n=2), mother (n=1) and de-novo (n=1). Conclusion: In conclusion, we hypothesized that patients with PARK2 copy number abnormalities involving exon 7-10 cause a unique syndrome. Additional similar cases with exonic deletion/duplication of PARK2 will help in supporting our data. [Formula presented] ER  - 
Tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 and anti-ribosomal P antibodies as biomarkers in juvenile neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Background: Neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) is more frequent in adolescents than in adults and is indistinguishable from regular mood disorders. Aim: To investigate the levels of soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 (sTNFR2) and anti-ribosomal P (anti-rib-p) antibodies in the serum of adolescents suffering from juvenile lupus and their correlation with neuropsychiatric manifestations (NP) and disease activity. Methods: Sixty adolescents diagnosed with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) visiting Ain Shams University hospitals were assessed for NPSLE. Subjects were divided into 3 groups. Group 1 comprised 30 patients suffering from NP manifestations, while group 2 included 30 patients without NP manifestations. Computerized Axial Tomography (CAT) scans of the brain were done for NPSLE patients to exclude organic disease. Group 3 comprised 30 age and gender-matched healthy adolescents. Lupus activity was evaluated by the Systemic Lupus Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI). Levels of sTNFR2 and anti-rib-P antibodies were analyzed using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Results: The levels of sTNFR2 and anti-rib-P antibodies were significantly higher (P < 0.0001) in lupus patients compared to healthy subjects. Anti-rib-P antibodies levels were significantly higher in patients with NPSLE compared to those without NPSLE. Levels of sTNFR2 correlated positively with SLEDAI and ESR. Similar correlations were observed for anti-rib-P antibodies. Conclusion: The study showed that anti-rib-P antibodies could be used as biomarkers for the early diagnosis of NPSLE and sTNFR2 could be a valuable marker for the evaluation of juvenile lupus activity. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric Manifestations of Autoimmune Encephalitis in a Tertiary Hospital: A Case Series and Current Perspectives$$$ Importance: Autoimmune encephalitis (AE) refers to a group of neuropsychiatric conditions associated with specific circulating autoantibodies directed against synaptic receptors, neuronal cell surface proteins, and intracellular targets. Increased recognition of these disorders is of value, as affected patients prominently display cognitive impairment, behavioral disturbances, and seizures requiring multidisciplinary teams, with early recognition often impacting prognosis. Observations: This case series is based on a retrospective record review of adult patients diagnosed with AE between January 1, 2010– January 1, 2020. Cases 1 and 2, demonstrating anti– N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis with initial manifestations of neurologic and psychiatric symptoms, correlate with the literature describing a higher prevalence of this condition in young women. Case 3, despite being seronegative, exhibited classic features of anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Case 4 demonstrates a classic presentation of anti–leucine-rich glioma-inactivated 1 (LGI1) encephalitis: a middle-aged male with psychosis, altered mentation, and epilepsy. Case 5 had a more indolent neuropsychiatric presentation with mild elevation of N-type voltage-gated potassium channel (VGKC) antibody. Case 6, with glutamic acid decarboxylase 65 (GAD65) antibody, was an elderly female with speech dysfunction and altered mentation, and case 7 was an elderly male with GAD65 antibody who had stiff-person syndrome, ataxia, cognitive decline, and thymoma. Conclusions: This retrospective case series describes the clinical details of 7 individuals with AE and overlapping neuropsychiatric symptoms. This series is limited in scope, with a small number of cases and observational findings, which prevents specific conclusions from being drawn. Despite this limitation, the present article explores the nuances of variable presentations of this disease to inform better interdisciplinary management and emphasize the gap areas that need rigorous research. ER  - 
Measuring Ambulation, Motor, and Behavioral Outcomes with Post-stroke Fluoxetine in Tanzania: The Phase II MAMBO Trial$$$ We test the safety of fluoxetine post-ischemic stroke in sub-Saharan Africa. Adults with acute ischemic stroke, seen,14 days since new-onset motor deficits, were enrolled from November 2019 to October 2020 in a single-arm, open-label phase II trial of daily fluoxetine 20 mg for 90 days at Muhimbili National Hospital, Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. The primary outcome was safety with secondary outcomes of medication adherence and tolerability. Thirty-four patients were enrolled (11 were female; mean age 52.2 years, 65%, 60 years old; mean 3.3 days since symptom onset). Participants had hypertension (74%), diabetes (18%), and smoked cigarettes (18%). The median National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score at enrollment was 10.5. The median Fugl-Meyer Motor Scale score was 28.5 (upper extremity 8, lower extremity 17.5). 32/34 participants (91%) survived to 90 days. There were eight serious and two nonserious adverse events. Deaths occurred due to gastrointestinal illness with low serum sodium (nadir 120 mmol/L) with seizure and gastrointestinal bleed from gastric cancer. The average sodium level at 90 days was 139 mmol/L (range 133–146) and alanine transaminase was 28 U/L (range 10–134). Fluoxetine adherence was 96%. The median modified Rankin Scale score among survivors at 90 days was 2 and Fugl-Meyer Motor Scale score was 66 (upper extremity 40, lower extremity 27). Median 90-day Patient Health Questionnaire-9 and Montgomery-Åsberg scores were 3.5 and 4 (minimal depression). Fluoxetine administration for 90 days poststroke in sub-Saharan Africa was generally safe and well-tolerated, but comorbid illness presentations were fatal in 2/34 cases, even after careful participant selection. ER  - 
Prevalence of medical co-morbidities in diabetic athletes$$$ Purpose: Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is a metabolic disorder resulting in chronic hyperglycemia due to defects in insulin secretion or insulin action. Exercise improves insulin resistance reducing hemoglobin A1c. This descriptive study aims to quantify the prevalence of co-morbidities in college athletes with DM. Methods: A retrospective study of college athletes was conducted using the Concussion, Assessment, Research and Education (CARE) Consortium research database. In this cohort of 60,720 NCAA student-athletes and service academy cadets from 30 universities across the USA, the prevalence of medical comorbidities was compared between athletes with DM and athletes without DM using chi-square analysis. Results: 348 athletes (0.73%) self-reported as having DM (60.9% male, age: 19.6 1 1.5 y.o.). Type of DM was not listed in 312 (90%) athletes. 157 (45.1%) athletes with DM reported prescription medication use. Most athletes participated in D1 athletics (81.3%) with the most playing Football (25.9%), Track & Field (9.2%) and Basketball (6.3%). The highest rates of co-morbidities in diabetic athletes, compared to non-diabetic athletes, included balance disorders (33.6% vs 0.79%, OR 51.5, p < 0.001), sleep disorders (30.2% vs 1.09%, OR 32.6, p < 0.001), meningitis (29% vs 0.56%, OR 83.5, p < 0.001) and seizure disorders (28.7% vs 0.54%, OR 48.9, p < 0.001). Other disproportionally high self-reported co-morbidities of athletes with DM included: learning disorders (13.8%), ADHD (21.0%), ASD (11.5%), bipolar disorder (12.6%), depression (17.5%), schizophrenia 10.6%, history of TBI (9.2%), visual problems (12.9%), hearing problems (11.5%) non-migraine headaches (10.3%) and migraine headaches (14.4%). Conclusions: We found an increased risk of medical conditions in athletes with DM. Increased risk of balance disorders is potentially due to polyneuropathy as the prevalence of DM polyneuropathy in youth is 7-22%. DM is associated with a 2-fold increased risk of bacterial meningitis; however, we report a higher risk in college athletes with DM potentially due to close living quarters. The pathogenesis of seizures in DM is hypothesized to be multifactorial. Significance: DM was associated with multiple comorbidities in this cohort of collegiate athletes. Our findings suggest athletes with DM have increased rates of meningitis, seizures, sleep difficulty and balance difficulties compared to non-diabetic athletes. ER  - 
The management of patients admitted with head injuries at Gozo General Hospital$$$ Aim: This audit reviewed management practice of patients admitted to Gozo General Hospital with a head injury, to see whether guidelines are being followed. Method: All patients admitted to GGH with a head injury over a twelvemonth period (December 2019 - November 2020) were retrospectively reviewed. We used National Institute for Health Care Excellence (NICE) clinical guidance 176 as the standard to compare to. Results: 61 patients, with a mean age 33 years, that were admitted to hospital were included. CT head was performed on 36 (59%) patients. According to NICE guidelines, CT head was warranted in these patients: • GCS of less than 13 on initial assessment: 3 (4.9%) • Suspected open/depressed skull fracture: 1 (1.6%) • Sign of basal skull fracture: 1 (1.6%) • Post traumatic seizure: 3 (4.9%) • More than one episode of vomiting: 4 (6.6%) 24 (39%) patients had a CT scan which may not have been indicated according to NICE guidelines. Out of the 61 patients admitted to hospital, admission was warranted in the following: • Patients with new, clinically significant abnormalities on imaging: 9 (14.8%) • Continuing worrying signs: 1 (1.6%) • Other sources of concern: 2 (3.3%) 49 (80%) of admitted patients may have not needed admission. Conclusions: This retrospectivereviewsuggests thata significantnumber of patients are being unnecessarily admitted to Gozo General Hospital following a head injury and a significant number are having an unnecessary CT head. The local issues causing this need to be identified and methods need to be introduced to better follow recommended guidelines. ER  - 
Maternal Duplication 15q11-13 Syndrome with Autism Spectrum Disorder: Mood Stabilization by Carbamazepine$$$ Objectives: Maternal 15q11-13 duplication syndrome (dup15q) is one of the most frequently observed and penetrant genetic abnormalities associated with autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and commonly presents with psychiatric symptoms and seizures. Although carbamazepine has been reported as effective in managing comorbid seizures in dup15q, it has not been reported to be used as a mood stabilizer in this population. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the charts of five consecutive patients presenting with previously diagnosed dup15q and ASD seeking treatment for psychiatric symptoms and, in four of the patients, seizures. These were the only patients with dup15q treated with carbamazepine in the Neurodevelopmental Psychopharmacology Clinic at the University of Illinois at Chicago during the review period. Results: During treatment, carbamazepine was found to be more effective than other mood stabilizers in all five patients, and in one case a better antiepileptic. Symptoms consistent with bipolar mood disorder such as hyperactivity, impulsivity, irritability, mood lability, intrusiveness, and pressured speech were improved with carbamazepine in combination with other psychotropic medications. This improvement was greater than with other mood stabilizers, including oxcarbazepine, valproate, and lamotrigine. In one case, valproate paradoxically worsened symptoms. In three cases, anxiety was improved with carbamazepine when used in conjunction with other medications targeting anxiety. Conclusions: In treating five patients with dup15q, carbamazepine more effectively stabilized mood-related symptoms than alternative treatments. Prospective randomized controlled trials are necessary to confirm this observation. ER  - 
Using real-world data to assess hospital utilization outcomes in adults with cerebral palsy, with and without comorbid epilepsy, to inform future preventative care$$$ BACKGROUND: Little data exists regarding health complications that are concurrent with cerebral palsy (CP) as people age. This knowledge gap was identified by the Cerebral Palsy Network as needed to inform preventive care. OBJECTIVE: To assess inpatient health care utilization of adult patients with CP, with and without comorbid epilepsy, in the United States and describe outcome differences to support future prevention efforts. METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis using 2016-2019 Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project National Inpatient Sample of hospital admissions with ICD-10-CM diagnosis of CP (n = 62,446) aged 18 years and older. Hierarchical models were used to evaluate differences between patients with CP with epilepsy (CPE) and without epilepsy (CPNE) for cost and length of stay in days (LOS), adjusting for patient demographics, comorbidities, and hospital characteristics. Similarly, multiple logistic regression was used to evaluate in-hospital mortality. RESULTS: Patients with CPNE (n = 34,700) had higher median age (51 y vs 39 y) and were more likely to be White (72.0% vs 65.6%). Patients in the CPE sample (n = 27,746) were more likely Black (15.5% vs 13.1%) or Hispanic (11.3% vs 7.5%). Hypertension was higher in patients with CPNE (30.4% vs 19.3%) as was hyperlipidemia (18.3% vs 10.0%), major depressive disorder (13.6% vs 7.3%) and anxiety disorders (12.9% vs 7.6%). Patients with CPE had higher rates of gastrostomy (27.8% vs 10.0%), sepsis (23.0% vs 16.8%), pneumonitis (18.0% vs 11.3%), intellectual disabilities (22.1% vs 11.3%), and dysphagia (17.5% vs 9.8%). Chronic pulmonary disease was higher (21.3% vs 18.2%) as well as Charlson Comorbidity Index (CCI) scores (1.0 vs 0.0) in patients with CPNE. Unadjusted in-hospital mortality was higher in patients with CPNE (2.6% vs 2.4%, P = 0.022). Unadjusted median estimated costs were higher in CPE ($9,606 vs $8,789, P < 0.001) and LOS was the same at 4 days. Following adjustments for gender, age, CCI, hospital region, payer, and discharge year, in-hospital mortality was more likely to occur among patients with CPE (OR 1.47 [1.33- 1.64], P < 0.001), costs were 13% higher (P < 0.001), and LOS increased by 11% (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with CPE status had increased estimated costs, LOS, and CP-related comorbidities relative to CPNE status. Patients with CPNE had higher in-hospital mortality rates and non-CP related comorbidities. This could be due to the higher median age of the CPNE sample. ER  - 
ERTAPENEM-INDUCED NEUROTOXICITY: ROLE OF PLASMA CONCENTRATION MONITORING$$$ Background and importance Carbapenems, such as ertapenem, are beta-lactam-type antibiotics used to treat a wide variety of infections. Neurological disorders have been observed in patients during ertapenem treatment, although the factors that contribute to this toxicity are not well defined and ertapenem plasma levels have not been taken into account. Aim and objectives The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationship between ertapenem plasma concentrations and ertapenem-induced neurological toxicity. Material and methods Retrospective cohort study conducted at a tertiary care medical centre, from October 2019 to February 2021. Adult patients treated with ertapenem for a minimum period of 72 hours having at least one determination of ertapenem concentration were included, favouring those with old age and comorbidities. Critical patients were excluded. The modified Karch-Lasagna algorithm was used to establish and categorise the relationship between ertapenem use and the appearance of any clinical signs or symptoms that might indicate neurotoxicity, considering neurotoxicity when a score ≥6 was obtained. To analyse ertapenem blood samples we use a high-resolution liquid chromatography system with an UV/visible detector. Non-parametric tests were performed to search for any difference between groups. Results 102 patients were included, 53% males, with a median age of 72 years. Ertapenem plasma concentration was analysed at a mean of 6.4 (±4.1) days since starting antibiotic administration. 13/102 patients (12.7%) presented neurological disorders during ertapenem treatment, mainly confusional state and drowsiness. We also noted 3 cases of hallucinations as well as 1 patient who presented epileptic seizure and finally died. Mean ertapenem blood concentration in patients who experienced neurotoxicity was 32.16 mg/mL (95% CI 8 to 56.3) vs 14.63 mg/mL (95% CI 11.4 to 17.8) for those who did not present. A statistically significant difference was observed in the median ertapenem blood concentration between the two groups (18.66 mg/mL neurotoxicity group vs 9.7 mg/mL control group; p= 0.014). Conclusion and relevance We can conclude that the group of patients who presented neurological disorders had higher concentrations of ertapenem. Therapeutic drug monitoring can help identify those patients with high risk for neurotoxicity. However, more studies are needed to define which patients could obtain the greatest benefit from a close control of ertapenem blood concentration in order to prevent this neurotoxicity. ER  - 
Sociodemographic and clinical profile of patients attending a district mental health program psychiatry OPD in Sitapur up, India$$$ Background: Psychiatric illness are a public health issue worldwide. The morbidity pattern in district mental health program psychiatry clinics differ from those in medical colleges and private setups.DMHP clinics serve large amount of population but they have seldom been evaluated systematically. It has been observed that people from rural background mainly visit these clinics. Hence this study was carried out to assess the morbidity among patients visiting these clinics. Aim: To analyze the clinical and sociodemographic characteristics of patients attending these clinics and dropout rates. Material and methods: patients visiting OPD between 1st June 2021 to 30th August 2021 were analyzed. This is a cross-sectional study. Results and conclusion: a total of 1177 patients visited clinic in this period. Psychiatric disorders comprised of Depressive disorders (52.7%), Headache (15.88%), Epilepsy(10.36%), Psychotic disorders(9.43%), Bipolar affective disorder(4.16), Dissociative disorder(2.63%), Substance use disorders(1.61%), Obsessive compulsive disorder(1.27%), Intellectual dis ability(0.84%), Dementia(0.50%), Sexual disorders(0.33%) and Conduct disorder(0.08%).They effect most productive age groups almost equal male and female and more of rural patients. ER  - 
Clinical Correlates, Complications and Response Associated with Clozapine$$$ INTRODUCTION: Schizophrenia is one of the most disabling psychiatric illness. Clozapine is an atypical antipsychotic which has been established to be more beneficial than conventional antipsychotics in patients with treatment resistant schizophrenia (20-30%) out of which 50% of such patients showed improvement. Clozapine is also the only medication approved by FDA for the prevention of suicide. Clozapine also has significant side effects including weight gain, sedation, hypersalivation and myocarditis, OCD symptoms, so that the medication must be discontinued in 1 out of 6 individuals. AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To assess clinical profile, demographic characteristics, medical and psychiatric complications and response in patients receiving clozapine. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a cross sectional study of 6 months duration where in charts of all the patients receiving clozapine were reviewed for various social demographic details, clinical characteristics, response, physical and psychiatric complications Semistructed proforma was used to collected the necessary data.Descriptive statistics were done. RESULTS Most of the patients receiving clozapine were between the age of 30 to 40 years, had a duration of illness of more than 5 years with an indication of treatment resistant schizophrenia.Most common side effects observed were weight gain and sedation.In patients receiving clozapine for more than 2 years Metabolic complications were frequently observed.Seizures and cardiac complications were rarely seen. OUTCOME MEASURES To understand the therapeutic effectiveness versus complications of clozapine and to make an informed evidence based treatment decision of its use in South Indian population. ER  - 
Clinical profile of Remand Prisoners in a Forensic Psychiatry unit of a Tertiary Care Centre$$$ Background Psychiatric disorders are found to be prevalent in persons, who come in conflict with the law. Crime can be due to psychiatric illness. Many studies have found that there is a relationship between crime and mental illness. Analyzing the victim details and finding the most vulnerable group for such crimes in the society might help us to create awareness. Aim To assess the clinical profile &the physical comorbidities of remand prisoners admitted in a forensic psychiatry unit of tertiary care Centre Methodology Retrospective chart review-descriptive cross-sectional study, done in Institute of Mental health, Chennai. Convenience sampling of Remand prisoners about 18 to 80 years, admitted in forensic psychiatry unit between January 2021 to October 2021. Results 45.1% of study population is between 21 - 30 years and 96.1% were males.24.5% have comorbidity and seizure(39%) is the most common. 51% were found to be having-Schizophrenia 54.9% prior psychiatric consultation before crime. Non-family members (56.9%) are the most common victims in homicidal crimes and sharp weapons were commonly used Conclusion Analysing the clinical profile, crime, weapon used and victim would help to create awareness and formulate strategies which will helps to reduce crime. ER  - 
Clinicodemographic profile and comorbidities in patients of seizure disorder: A retrospective review from a child &adolescent clinic$$$ Background-Seizure disorder is one of the common disorder in children &adolescents with significant morbidity and mortality. It is associated with other comorbidities. There is limited data regarding seizure disorder and its comorbidities from developing countries. Aim-Current review aims to study the prevalence and clinicodemographic profile of children and adolescents with seizure disorder along with its comorbidities. It also aims to see the most common antiepileptic drug (AEDs) and add-on AEDs used. Methods-A retrospective chart review was done between Jan'18 to Dec'19 from a child &adolescent clinic in department of psychiatry of a tertiary care center in North India. Variables collected were demographics, clinical presentations, laboratory tests, brain imaging studies, electroencephalography, diagnosis and comorbidities. Results-A total of 839 patients came in the child &adolescent clinic, out of which 158 patients were having seizure disorder with male preponderance. Both the sexes and age groups had generalized tonicclonic seizures as the most common type of seizures followed by absence seizures &simple partial seizures, myoclonic jerks &complex partial seizures. The commonest comorbidity was intellectual disability followed by ADHD, ASD, depression &BMD. The commonest AED used was sodium valproate and add-on AED used was clobazam followed by other AEDs. Conclusion-The review concludes that GTCS is the most common type of seizure disorder with intellectual disability as the most prevalent comorbidity. Also, sodium valproate and clobazam are the most commonly used AED and add-on AED respectively. ER  - 
The Endoscopic-Assisted Supraorbital Approach for Resection of Anterior Skull Base Meningiomas: A Large Single-Center Retrospective Surgical Study$$$ Objective The endoscopic-assisted supraorbital approach (eSOA) constitutes a minimally invasive strategy for removing anterior skull base meningiomas (ASBM). We present the largest retrospective single-institution and long-term follow-up study of eSOA for ASBM resection, providing further insight regarding indication, surgical considerations, complications, and outcome. Methods We evaluated data of 176 patients operated on ASBM via the eSOA over 22 years. Results Sixty-five tuberculum sellae (TS), 36 anterior clinoid (AC), 28 olfactory groove (OG), 27 planum sphenoidale, 11 lesser sphenoid wing, seven optic sheath, and two lateral orbitary roof meningiomas were assessed. Median surgery duration was 3.35 ± 1.42 hours, being significantly longer for OG and AC meningiomas (p <0.05). Complete resection was achieved in 91%. Complications included hyposmia (7.4%), supraorbital hypoesthesia (5.1%), cerebrospinal fluid fistula (5%), orbicularis oculi paresis (2.8%), visual disturbances (2.2%), meningitis (1.7%) and hematoma and wound infection (1.1%). One patient died due to intraoperative carotid injury, other due to pulmonary embolism. Median follow-up was 4.8 years with a tumor recurrence rate of 10.8%. Second surgery was chosen in 12 cases (10 via the previous SOA and two via pterional approach), whereas two patients received radiotherapy and in five patients a wait-and-see strategy was adopted. Conclusion The eSOA represents an effective option for ASBM resection, enabling high complete resection rates and long-term disease control. Neuroendoscopy is fundamental for improving tumor resection while reducing brain and optic nerve retraction. Potential limitations and prolonged surgical duration may arise from the small craniotomy and reduced maneuverability, especially for large or strongly adherent lesions. ER  - 
Efficacy of Phenobarbital and Prognosis Predictors in Women With Epilepsy From Rural Northeast China: A 10-Year Follow-Up Study$$$ Objective: To investigate the efficacy of phenobarbital (PB), factors associated with it, reasons for early treatment termination, and mortality rates in adult women living in rural Northeast China. Methods: A prospective study was conducted in seven counties of Jilin Province from 2010 to 2020. Adult women diagnosed with convulsive epilepsy were recruited into the study and baseline demographics recorded upon enrollment. Seizure frequency, prescribed drug dose, and adverse reactions were monitored monthly by door-to-door survey or telephone interview. Results: A total of 1,333 women were included in the study. During the follow-up period, 169 participants (12.7%) were lost to follow-up, and 100 of them (7.5%) died. The percentage of seizure-free participants was 45.3% in the first year, 74.6% in the third year, and 96.6% in the 10th year. A higher baseline seizure frequency (OR = 1.005, 95% CI: 1.002–1.009), more frequent loss-of-consciousness seizures (OR = 1.620, 95% CI: 1.318–1.990), a higher daily dose of PB in the first year (OR = 1.018, 95% CI: 1.014–1.022), a younger age at onset (OR = 0.990, 95% CI: 0.982–0.998), and more severe drowsiness (OR = 1.727, 95% CI: 1.374–2.173) were associated with an increased risk of seizures in the first year, and the higher baseline seizure frequency was still associated with the occurrence of seizures in the third (OR = 1.007, 95% CI: 1.004–1.010) and fifth year (OR = 1.005, 95% CI: 1.002–1.008). Age at enrollment (HR = 0.983, 95% CI: 0.971–0.994) was the only factor that correlated with withdrawal from the study and with the death of the participant during the follow up period, but the correlation in each case was in opposite directions. Significance: PB has high effectiveness, retention rate, mild side effects, and tolerability when used as a treatment for epilepsy in women from rural areas. Baseline seizure frequency is an important predictor of prognosis regardless of treatment duration. PB is still a valuable tool for the management of epilepsy in adult women from poverty-stricken areas. ER  - 
Response to antidepressants among patients with unipolar depression with and without comorbid epilepsy-a nation-wide population-based longitudinal study$$$ Objective: In a nation-wide population-based longitudinal register linkage study to investigate long-term response to antidepressants in patients with depression with and without comorbid epilepsy. Methods: We used Danish nation-wide population-based longitudinal register linkage to identify 1487 patients with depression and comorbid epilepsy and 71,163 patients with depression without comorbid epilepsy during a study period from 1995 to 2017. Response was defined as continuous monotherapy with an antidepressant drug without switch to or add-on of another antidepressant drug, an antipsychotic drug or lithium or hospitalization during an up to ten-year follow-up period. We calculated standardized absolute risks and differences thereof with respect to age, gender, socioeconomic status and comorbidity with other physical disorders than epilepsy. Results: In patients with depression, response to antidepressants was decreased with versus without comorbid epilepsy during the ten-year follow-up period. One year after start of antidepressant treatment the proportion of responders was 12% (CI: 10%-14%) lower in patients with versus without comorbid epilepsy in the standardized population. Response to antidepressants were specifically decreased among younger and unemployed patients with depression and comorbid epilepsy. Limitations: We did not include sub-analyses according to subtypes of epilepsy. Conclusions: Response to antidepressants was decreased in patients with comorbid epilepsy versus without comorbid epilepsy at all time points during a ten-year follow-up period. The study highlights the need for closely clinical monitoring and psychological support for patients with depression and comorbid epilepsy and emphasize the need for further long-term studies of effect of interventions. ER  - 
Diseases prevalent before major depressive disorder diagnosis: An exploratory nested case-control study using health insurance-based claims data$$$ Objectives Major depressive disorder (MDD) is often comorbid with other chronic and/or serious diseases. However, little is known about the prevalence of various diseases that are present before MDD onset. We examined the prevalence of all pre-existing diseases in the 12 months before an MDD diagnosis. Design Exploratory nested case-control study. Setting Data, including diagnoses based on International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th revision codes, were from a Japanese health insurance database (JMDC). Participants Adults newly diagnosed with MDD during 2015, 2016 or 2017 (but not the preceding year) (cases) were matched (exact) 1:10 to controls by age, sex, index date and working status. Primary and secondary outcome measures The primary outcome was the proportion of patients in each group with each pre-existing disease during the 12 months before the index date (ie, before MDD diagnosis in cases). Odds ratios (ORs) for onset of MDD were calculated for each pre-existing disease. A post hoc multivariate analysis examined interactions of metabolic risk factors (diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidaemia), psychiatric disorders (sleep disorders, psychiatric disorders other than depression) and MDD-related symptoms (headache, pain, autonomic nerve imbalance) on MDD diagnosis. Results There were 13 420 cases and 134 200 controls (mean age 41.9 years; 66.5% male). The prevalence of almost all pre-existing diseases was higher in cases than in controls. The highest ORs (5.8-21.0) were for psychiatric diseases and sleep disorders. Insomnia (21.1% of patients; OR 8.7) and neurosis (9.7%; OR 10.6) were particularly prevalent in the case group. The odds of MDD increased in the presence of metabolic risk factors, psychiatric disorders and/or MDD-related symptoms. Conclusions There is a high prevalence of pre-existing diseases in Japanese patients who develop MDD compared with matched controls without MDD. These results suggest that patients with chronic and/or serious diseases should be actively monitored for depression. ER  - 
Medicinal Cannabis for the Treatment of Chronic Refractory Pain: An Investigation of the Adverse Event Profile and Health-Related Quality of Life Impact of an Oral Formulation$$$ Introduction: Medicinal cannabis is prescribed in Australia for patients with chronic refractory pain conditions. However, measures of safety and effectiveness of different cannabinoids are lacking. We designed an observational study to capture effectiveness, adverse events (AEs), and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) measures in patients prescribed an oral medicinal cannabis formulation at Cannabis Access Clinics through the Cannabis Access Clinics Observational study (CACOS). Objectives: We aimed to evaluate effectiveness, reported AEs, and change in patient-reported outcomes in individuals prescribed a cannabinoid oil formulation for management of chronic pain. Methods: A cross-sectional analysis was conducted on patients prescribed an oil formulation of Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol and cannabidiol for pain symptoms of at least 3-month duration. Clinician-reported AEs were organized by system, organ, class, and frequency. Analysis of patient-reported responses to a questionnaire was conducted using published minimal clinically important differences to determine meaningful change in HRQoL over time. Results: More than half (n = 91/151, 60.3%) of the participants experienced at least one AE during the observation period (mean 133 ± 116 days). No serious AEs were reported. Patient-reported pain impact scores were significantly reduced across the cohort (p = 0.034), and pain intensity scores verged on significance (p = 0.053). The majority of patients saw meaningful improvements in sleep (49.3%) and fatigue (35.6%). Conclusion: This analysis presents real-world data collected as part of standard of care. More than one-Third of patients benefited from oral medicinal cannabis, which is impactful given the refractory nature of their pain. Amelioration of the impact of pain confirms continued prescribing of this formulation and validates our observational methodology as a tool to determine the therapeutic potency of medicinal cannabinoids. ER  - 
Prevalence, Cost, and Variation in Cost of Pediatric Hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada$$$ Importance: Identifying conditions that could be prioritized for research based on health care system burden is important for developing a research agenda for the care of hospitalized children. However, existing prioritization studies are decades old or do not include data from both pediatric and general hospitals. Objective: To assess the prevalence, cost, and variation in cost of pediatric hospitalizations at all general and pediatric hospitals in Ontario, Canada, with the aim of identifying conditions that could be prioritized for future research. Design, Setting, and Participants: This population-based cross-sectional study used health administrative data from 165 general and pediatric hospitals in Ontario, Canada. Children younger than 18 years with an inpatient hospital encounter between April 1, 2014, and March 31, 2019, were included. Main Outcomes and Measures: Condition-specific prevalence, cost of pediatric hospitalizations, and condition-specific variation in cost per inpatient encounter across hospitals. Variation in cost was evaluated using (1) intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) and (2) number of outlier hospitals. Costs were adjusted for inflation to 2018 US dollars. Results: Overall, 627314 inpatient hospital encounters (44.8% among children younger than 30 days and 53.0% among boys) at 165 hospitals (157 general and 8 pediatric) costing $3.3 billion were identified. A total of 408003 hospitalizations (65.0%) and $1.4 billion (43.8%) in total costs occurred at general hospitals. Among the 50 most prevalent and 50 most costly conditions (of 68 total conditions), the top 10 highest-cost conditions accounted for 55.5% of all costs and 48.6% of all encounters. The conditions with highest prevalence and cost included low birth weight (86.2 per 1000 encounters; $676.3 million), preterm newborn (38.0 per 1000 encounters; $137.4 million), major depressive disorder (20.7 per 1000 encounters; $78.3 million), pneumonia (27.3 per 1000 encounters; $71.6 million), other perinatal conditions (68.0 per 1000 encounters; $65.8 million), bronchiolitis (25.4 per 1000 encounters; $54.6 million), and neonatal hyperbilirubinemia (47.9 per 1000 encounters; $46.7 million). The highest variation in cost per encounter among the most costly medical conditions was observed for 2 mental health conditions (other mental health disorders [ICC, 0.28] and anxiety disorders [ICC, 0.19]) and 3 newborn conditions (intrauterine hypoxia and birth asphyxia [ICC, 0.27], other perinatal conditions [ICC, 0.17], and surfactant deficiency disorder [ICC, 0.17]). Conclusions and Relevance: This population-based cross-sectional study of hospitalized children identified several newborn and mental health conditions as having the highest prevalence, cost, and variation in cost across hospitals. Findings of this study can be used to develop a research agenda for the care of hospitalized children that includes general hospitals and to ultimately build a more substantial evidence base and improve patient outcomes. ER  - 
Nailfold capillary scleroderma pattern may be associated with disease damage in childhood-onset systemic lupus erythematosus: Important lessons from longitudinal follow-up$$$ Objectives To observe if capillary patterns in childhood-onset SLE (cSLE) change over time and find associations between a capillary scleroderma pattern with disease activity, damage or scleroderma-like features. Methods Clinical and (yearly) capillaroscopy data from a longitudinal cohort of patients with cSLE (minimum of four Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics (SLICC) criteria, onset <18 years) were analysed. Disease activity was measured by Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Activity Index (SLEDAI) and disease damage by SLICC Damage Index. A scleroderma pattern was defined according to the fast track algorithm' from the European League Against Rheumatism Study Group on Microcirculation in Rheumatic Diseases. An abnormal capillary pattern, not matching a scleroderma pattern, was defined as microangiopathy'. Results Our cohort consisted of 53 patients with cSLE with a median disease onset of 14 years (IQR 12.5-15.5 years), median SLEDAI score at diagnosis was 11 (IQR 8-16), median SLEDAI at follow-up was 2 (IQR 1-6). A scleroderma pattern (ever) was seen in 18.9%, while only 13.2% of patients had a normal capillary pattern. Thirty-three patients had follow-up capillaroscopy of which 21.2% showed changes in type of capillary pattern over time. Type of capillary pattern was not associated with disease activity. Raynaud's phenomenon (ever) was equally distributed among patients with different capillaroscopy patterns (p=0.26). Anti-ribonucleoprotein antibodies (ever) were significantly more detected (Î§ 2, p=0.016) in the scleroderma pattern subgroup (n=7 of 10, 70%). Already 5 years after disease onset, more than 50% of patients with a scleroderma pattern had SLE-related disease damage (HR 4.5, 95% CI 1.1 to 18.8, p=0.034), but they did not develop clinical features of systemic sclerosis at follow-up. Number of detected fingers with a scleroderma pattern was similar between cSLE, juvenile systemic sclerosis and juvenile undifferentiated connective tissue disease. Conclusion This longitudinal study shows that the majority of capillary patterns in cSLE are abnormal and they can change over time. Irrespective of disease activity, a capillary scleroderma pattern in cSLE may be associated with higher risk of SLE-related disease damage. ER  - 
Bumetanide for Irritability in Children With Sensory Processing Problems Across Neurodevelopmental Disorders: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Treatment development for neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) such as autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is impeded by heterogeneity in clinical manifestation and underlying etiologies. Symptom traits such as aberrant sensory reactivity are present across NDDs and might reflect common mechanistic pathways. Here, we test the effectiveness of repurposing a drug candidate, bumetanide, on irritable behavior in a cross-disorder neurodevelopmental cohort defined by the presence of sensory reactivity problems. Methods: Participants, aged 5–15 years and IQ ≥ 55, with ASD, ADHD, and/or epilepsy and proven aberrant sensory reactivity according to deviant Sensory Profile scores were included. Participants were randomly allocated (1:1) to bumetanide (max 1 mg twice daily) or placebo tablets for 91 days followed by a 28-day wash-out period using permuted block design and minimization. Participants, parents, healthcare providers, and outcome assessors were blinded for treatment allocation. Primary outcome was the differences in ABC-irritability at day 91. Secondary outcomes were differences in SRS-2, RBS-R, SP-NL, BRIEF parent, BRIEF teacher at D91. Differences were analyzed in a modified intention-to-treat sample with linear mixed models and side effects in the intention-to-treat population. Results: A total of 38 participants (10.1 [SD 3.1] years) were enrolled between June 2017 and June 2019 in the Netherlands. Nineteen children were allocated to bumetanide and nineteen to placebo. Five patients discontinued (n = 3 bumetanide). Bumetanide was superior to placebo on the ABC-irritability [mean difference (MD) −4.78, 95%CI: −8.43 to −1.13, p = 0.0125]. No effects were found on secondary endpoints. No wash-out effects were found. Side effects were as expected: hypokalemia (p = 0.046) and increased diuresis (p = 0.020). Conclusion: Despite the results being underpowered, this study raises important recommendations for future cross-diagnostic trial designs. ER  - 
Methylphenidate and TBI in ADHD and co-occurring epilepsy and mental disorders: a self-controlled case series study$$$ It is suggested that medication for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) links to lower risk of traumatic brain injury (TBI). Little is known about whether the beneficial effect of methylphenidate is persistent in individuals with other comorbid mental disorders and epilepsy. We identified 90,634 participants who were less than 18 years old and diagnosed with ADHD from Taiwan’s National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD) from January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2013. Cox proportional hazards models with hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval were conducted to compare the risks of TBI event between groups of ADHD-only and ADHD with co-occurring other mental disorders. Within-individual comparisons using a self-controlled case series study design were conducted using conditional Poisson regression models with relative incidence (RR) and 95% CI to examine the effect of methylphenidate on TBI with adjustment for medication of psychotropics and anticonvulsants. For children and adolescents with ADHD, we found comorbid mental disorders and epilepsy increase the risk of TBI, with HRs ranged from 1.21 to 1.75. For the effect of MPH, we found reduced risks for TBI in ADHD (RR = 0.83, 95% CI = 0.70–0.98). Similar results were found among individuals with co-occurring oppositional defiant disorders or conduct disorder, MDD, tic disorders and epilepsy. Methylphenidate treatment was linked to lower risk for TBI in patients with ADHD and the inverse association was persistent among those with other comorbid mental disorders and epilepsy. ER  - 
The effects of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic on people with epilepsy (PwE): an online survey-based study$$$ During the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the whole world faced an unusual health emergency. Medical care of chronic neurological diseases, such as Epilepsy, is being neglected. In this survey, we aimed to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the care of people with Epilepsy (PwE) and to identify their risk factors for seizure worsening to direct better future medical care. We administered a web-based survey (submitted on August 5, 2020). It included socio-demographic, Epilepsy-related, and psychometric data (The Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Scale—21 Items(DASS21) and The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). Regression analysis identified predictors of seizure worsening. We collected responses from an online survey of PwE during the pandemic. Out of 151 responders, 71 patients complained of issues related to Epilepsy management and all of whom reached the treating physician and solved their problems. Sleep quality was compromised in 84 patients (55.6%). Two-thirds of the patients in our cohort (66.2%) reported depression, 72.2% reported anxiety, and 75.5% reported stress. Eight patients (5.3%) got COVID-19 infection, and only one patient suffered from mild worsening of the seizure. The main concerns were shortage of medications for 46 (30.5%) patients, getting Coronavirus infection for 67 (44.4%) patients, and seizure worsening for 32 (21.3%) patients. Thirty-five patients (23.2%) reported seizure worsening, which was best explained by retirement or jobless state, having moderate or severe stress, poor sleep quality, vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), fear of getting COVID-19 infection, fear of worsening of seizures, or shortage of medication. During the current COVID-19 pandemic, a significant percentage of PwE experienced worsening of their seizures. This unusual, challenging experience clarifies the urgent need to establish telemedicine services and home-based management of Epilepsy, including ambulatory EEG, home video, and medication delivery to patients’ homes to provide continuous medical care. ER  - 
CT findings and the prognostic value of the Koret CT score in cats with traumatic brain injury$$$ Objectives: The aims of this study were to evaluate associations between abnormal head CT findings and outcome, and to examine the prognostic value of the Koret CT score (KCTS) in cats sustaining acute traumatic brain injury (TBI). Methods: The medical records of cats hospitalised with TBI that underwent head CT scans within 72 h of admission were retrospectively reviewed. CT scans were evaluated independently by a radiologist and a neurologist who were blinded to the outcome. A KCTS and modified Glasgow Coma Scale (MGCS) were assigned to each cat and the association between abnormal CT findings, KCTS, MGCS and outcome were analysed. Results: Fourteen cats were included in the study: nine (64.2%) survivors and five (35.7%) non-survivors. Of the nine cats that were discharged, one was a short-term survivor (10 days) and eight (57.1%) were long-term survivors (⩾6 months). Abnormal CT findings included lateral ventricle asymmetry/midline shift (42.8%), intracranial haemorrhage (35.7%), caudotentorial lesions (14.2%) and cranial vault fractures (14.2%), all of which were depressed. Intracranial haemorrhage was found to be significantly and negatively associated with short-term (P = 0.005) and long-term (P = 0.023) survival. KCTS was significantly associated with short-term survival (P = 0.002) and long-term survival (P = 0.004). A KCTS cut-off value of 2 yielded a 100% sensitivity and 100% specificity for short-term survival and 100% sensitivity and 80% specificity for long-term survival. A MGCS cut-off value of ⩾13 was associated with a 100% sensitivity and 100% specificity for short-term survival, and with a 100% sensitivity and 80% specificity for long-term survival. Conclusions and relevance: KCTS, performed up to 72 h from injury, can be used as an additional diagnostic tool for the prediction of survival in cats with TBI. ER  - 
Prevalence and characteristics of starvation-related malnutrition in a mid-Atlantic healthcare system: A cohort study$$$ Background: Malnutrition in the hospital negatively impacts outcomes, including readmissions, mortality, and cost. Starvation-related malnutrition (SRM) is a state of chronic undernutrition with little to no inflammation. Research on SRM within the hospital setting is lacking. Our objective was to determine the prevalence and characteristics of malnutrition within the hospital, focusing on characteristics associated with readmissions in those with SRM. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study analyzing characteristics of adult in patients with acute disease–related malnutrition (ADM) and chronic disease–related malnutrition (CDM) compared with patients with SRM. Prevalence of all malnutrition types was calculated as the total number of malnourished patients divided by the total number of hospital discharges. Analysis of variance with Tukey post hoc analysis was performed to determine differences between characteristics of patients with SRM and other forms of malnutrition. Results: Total prevalence of malnutrition was 2.8%. Of malnourished patients, 17.6%, 79.9%, and 2.5% had ADM, CDM, and SRM, respectively. Patients with SRM had lower body mass index (BMI) (P <.001) and higher rates of readmission (P = 0.046), infectious disease (P <.001), psychiatric disease (P <.001), and substance abuse (P <.001) than patients with ADM or CDM. Readmitted patients with SRM had lower BMI and higher rates of infection and drug abuse than those without readmission. Conclusion: The high incidence of comorbid substance abuse and mental illness in patients with SRM provide important targets for treatment that might reduce readmission and improve outcomes. ER  - 
Pembrolizumab for treatment of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in primary immunodeficiency and/or hematologic malignancy: a case series of five patients$$$ Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy is a rare opportunistic infection of the brain by John Cunningham polyomavirus in immune-compromised patients. In cases where no overt option for immune reconstitution is available [e.g., in patients with primary immunodeficiency (PID)], the disease is lethal in the majority of patients. Immune checkpoint inhibition has been applied in recent years with mixed outcomes. We present four novel patients and the follow-up of a previously published patient suffering from progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) due to PID and/or hematologic malignancy who were treated with the immune checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab. In two patients with PID, symptoms improved and stabilized. One patient died because of worsening PML another of intracranial hemorrhage which was unrelated to PML or its treatment with pembrolizumab. The fifth patient suffered from PID and died of a pre-existing immune dysregulation, possibly exacerbated by pembrolizumab. The long-term follow-up of the first patient provides support for therapeutic decisions during this therapy and is the longest published clinical course of a patient with checkpoint inhibition for PML. We conclude that pembrolizumab can control PML symptoms long term in a subgroup of patients with PID, in our cases for 21 and 36 months. However, therapy must be started early because symptoms are only partially reversible. In light of severe adverse events, application of pembrolizumab is only justified if the prognosis for the individual patient is very poor. ER  - 
Fever as a side effect after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most important and safe nonpharmacological treatment for psychiatric disorders. Some patients experience unexplained fever after ECT, but only a few studies have reported on this. Method: We investigated fever after ECT by retrospectively reviewing the medical records of patients. Patients treated at the ECT unit of the Department of Psychiatry at Asan Medical Center, Seoul, South Korea, between 30 June 2004 and 30 June 2019, were included. Differences in variables were compared between groups with or without fever after ECT sessions. Result: There were 28 patients (8.8%) in the fever group. Forty-three ECT sessions (1.5%) resulted in fever after treatment. The female-to-male ratio was higher in the fever group than in the control group, and the mean number of total ECT sessions was also higher in the fever group than in the control group, but there were no other differences between the 2 groups. Conclusion: Comparing fever and control sessions, fever sessions relatively preceded control sessions and had a longer seizure duration. Postictal delirium occurred more often in the fever sessions than in control sessions. Fever sessions had a higher white blood cell count and lower concomitant quetiapine dosage than control sessions. Because 8.8% of patients who received ECT experienced fever after treatment more than once, fever after ECT is considered to be a common side effect. ER  - 
Scenarios to improve CT head utilization in the emergency department delineated by critical results reporting$$$ Purpose: Increasing use of advanced imaging in the emergency department (ED) has resulted in higher cost without better outcomes. Our goal was to evaluate the yield of CT head exams by scenario to guide efforts at improving patient selection. Methods: We performed a retrospective study at an academic medical center over 4 years (1/1/2014–12/31/2017). The chief complaint, imaging order, and exam result text were obtained for all adult ED encounters. For the 50 most common chief complaints leading to CT head exams, the ratio of exams to total encounters and ratio of critical results to imaging studies were calculated. Significant difference in “yield” was assessed via binomial test. Results: Over 708,145 adult ED encounters, 58,783 CT head exams were ordered, with an overall critical result yield of 8.0%. The three most common chief complaints had higher yield (p < 0.05): altered mental status (9.8%), fall (9.7%), and new headache (10.1%). Lower yield (p < 0.05) was found for 19 chief complaints: dizziness (6.2%), falls in patients > 65 years old (7.1%), syncope (5.3%), seizure with known epilepsy (4.8%), chest pain (3.7%), head injury (4.9%), headache re-evaluation (7.0%), alcohol intoxication (2.5%), fatigue (6.5%), headache—recurrent or in the setting of known migraines (5.2%), hypertension (4.4%), lethargy (5.8%), loss of consciousness (5.3%), migraine (3.2%), psychiatric evaluation (2.9%), near syncope (4.6%), drug problem (3.1%), symptomatically decreased blood sugar (3.2%), and suicidal (1.7%). Conclusion: Our study provides a priority list of low yield scenarios of CT head use for improvement of patient selection. ER  - 
Acute drug poisonings leading to hospitalization$$$ Knowledge about current trends and epidemiology in poisonings is important to maintain quality in diagnostics, treatment and prevention. We performed a cross-sectional study of all cases (n = 261) admitted with drug poisoning to Aalborg University Hospital during 1 year in 2017–2018. Median age was 30 (22–49) years, and 58% were female. Fifty percent were suicide attempts. In most cases, involved drugs were identified by history taking; blood analysis barely revealed any additional paracetamol and salicylicate poisonings. Drugs prescribed to the patient or available over the counter were involved in nearly two thirds of cases. Weak analgesics dominated by paracetamol (n = 91, 35%) was the most frequently involved group of drugs followed by opioids and benzodiazepines. Gender differences were observed with respect to involvement of weak analgesics and central stimulants. A higher prevalence of unidentified involved drugs was observed in 26 cases (10%) in which the length of admission exceeded 2 days and/or intensive care was needed. No deaths, cardiac arrhythmias or physical complications occurred. Thus, current handling of the acute poisoning seems effective in most cases. However, a more tailored use of blood analyses including a toxicological screen in selected cases may represent an opportunity for improvement. ER  - 
Non-Stationary Outcome of Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood into Adulthood$$$ Background: Although described as non-progressive, alternating hemiplegia of childhood (AHC) can display a sudden deterioration, anecdotally reported mainly in childhood. Outcome in adulthood is uncertain. Objectives: Aim of this study is to describe the long-term follow-up of neurological function in adults with AHC. Methods: Seven adults with AHC were included in this retrospective single-center study. Clinical history and previous investigation data were gathered from the review of medical records. Video-documented neurological examination was performed at the last follow-up visit in four out of the seven reported indivisuals. Results: Over a median follow-up of 16 years, neurological outcome and trajectories were heterogeneous. All individuals showed new neurological signs or symptoms. Three experienced a serious irreversible neurological deterioration after prolonged quadriplegic episodes and/or status epilepticus in their second or third decade. One patient died at age 29. Conclusions: This video-series suggests that AHC in adulthood is not stationary; larger cohorts are needed to identify genotype–phenotype correlations and clinically useful outcome predictors. ER  - 
The Timing of Clinical Effects of Bupropion Misuse Via Insufflation Reported to a Regional Poison Center$$$ Background: Bupropion is an antidepressant medication with expanding indications including smoking cessation, weight loss, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, seasonal affective disorder, and amphetamine dependence. Despite its increasing popularity among providers, it has a well-known narrow therapeutic window that can lead to delayed onset of symptoms with extended-release formulations and devastating consequences in overdose. We have noticed some patients misusing bupropion via insufflation, which added a layer of complexity with regards to the therapeutic application of the drug. This route of use created difficult decisions regarding clinical monitoring in these patients. Objectives: To determine if prolonged observation is required after insufflation of bupropion and to further describe effects from this route of use. Methods: This is a retrospective observational study reviewing all the cases of insufflated bupropion use reported to a single poison center without any other coingestants. Results: The majority (85.7%) of patients had mild or moderate effects, and seizures occurred in 19.6% of cases; and the vast majority of patients were symptomatic by the time of the initial call to the poison center. We did not encounter any delayed effects after this route of use. Conclusions: This report describes the clinical effects reported, and the timing of these effects, after insufflation of bupropion. ER  - 
The quality of life among Sudanese patients with epilepsy, Khartoum, Sudan$$$ Introduction: This is the first study done in the National Center for Neurological Sciences, Khartoum State, to assess the quality of life among more than 100 Sudanese epileptic patients, in the period from September to December 2020. Methodology: This is a descriptive cross-sectional study; data were collected using an interview-based semi-structured structured questionnaire and this questionnaire was modified from the SF-36 model. Results: Most of the patients were from urban areas and origin (60.2%), most of which were housewives; the majority of the patients were single and from low socioeconomic status, history of the disease was less than 3 years for most of the cases covered in this study, most of the cases were classified as generalized tonic clonic epilepsy, and normal EEG findings and normal MRI brain were found in 75.7% and 78.6%, respectively. Most patients mentioned that they experienced no attacks during the last month. Regarding mental health, 47.6% experienced symptoms of depression, and 75.7% had memory problems. In terms of physical health, 51.5% felt energetic all of the time, 9.7% experienced remarkable sleep disturbance, most of the patients are not driving nor have established hobbies during leisure time. 63.1% of the participants do not have health problems; 32% mentioned that they would feel stigmatized if an attack takes place in public. Commonest medication prescribed was carbamazepine, out of which 73.8% are fully compliant with their medication. 95.1% are not worried about long term use of medication. Conclusion: Lower levels of education and manual labor are associated with poor quality of life. Epilepsy has an adverse impact on social life. There is a global decrease in cognitive function, and most of the patients are not worried about the side effects and duration of the medication usage. ER  - 
Prevalence of various risk factors associated with new-onset epilepsy after the age of 50: a retrospective population-based study$$$ Objective. Population-based studies of epilepsy risk factors are rare. We aimed to evaluate the prevalence of various risk factors associated with new-onset epilepsy after the age of 50 years. We included all incident cases in North Macedonia between 2015 and 2018. Methods. Study participants were ascertained from the national healthcare platform. We performed a retrospective analysis of Electronic Health Records of 2,367 patients (1,017 females and 1,350 males) whose epileptic seizures started after the age of 50 years. Patients were stratified into 10-year age groups. Results. The most common risk factor for new-onset epilepsy in our cohort was stroke, which was associated with new-onset epilepsy in 20% of patients aged 50-59 years and almost 50% of patients aged 70-79 years. The second most frequent risk factor was neoplasm in patients aged 50-69 years and dementia in patients older than 70 years. The other pre-existing conditions included: metabolic disorders, traumatic brain injury, and postencephalitic and inflammatory diseases. Chronic alcoholism was the most common metabolic risk factor associated with new-onset epilepsy and accounted for 84% of cases in this subgroup. Only metabolic disorders were significantly more frequent in males than in females (p<0.00001). We did not identify any epilepsy risk factor in 967 patients (41%). Systemic vascular risk factors were frequent in our cohort: 1,574 patients had hypertension (66%) and 449 patients had diabetes (19%), and 339 had both conditions (14%). Significance. We found that structural lesions were the most prevalent risk factor associated with new-onset epilepsy in middle-aged and elderly patients. Recognition of possibly modifiable factors associated with late-onset epilepsy could have a positive impact on reducing the risk of developing epilepsy. ER  - 
Burden of seizures and comorbidities in patients with epilepsy: a survey based on the tertiary hospital-based Epilepsy Syndrome Registry in Japan$$$ Objective. To examine the current medical and psychosocial status of patients with epilepsy, aiming to facilitate appropriate application of the Intractable/Rare Diseases Act of Japan. Methods. By analysing the cross-sectional data of patients registered in the tertiary hospital-based Epilepsy Syndrome Registry of Japan, we investigated the proportion of patients who met the severity criteria as defined by the Act (seizure frequency of at least once a month, or presence of intellectual/neurological/psychiatric symptoms, or both) and whether there are candidate syndrome/diseases to be added to the existing list in the Act. Results. In total, 2,209 patients were registered. After excluding self-limited/idiopathic epilepsies, 1,851 of 2,110 patients (87.7%) met the severity criteria. The patients were classified into eight main epilepsy syndromes (594 patients), 20 groups based on aetiology (1,078 patients), and three groups without known aetiology (427 patients). Most of the groups classified by syndrome or aetiology had high proportions of patients satisfying the severity criteria (>90%), but some groups had relatively low proportions (<80%) resulting from favourable outcome of surgical therapy. Several small groups with known syndrome/aetiology await detailed analysis based on a sufficiently large enough number of patients registered, some of whom may potentially be added to the list of the Act. Significance. The registry provides data to examine the usefulness of the severity criteria and list of diseases that are operationally defined by the Act. Most epilepsy patients with various syndromes/diseases and aetiology groups are covered by the Act but some are not, and the list of designated syndromes/diseases should be complemented by further amendments, as suggested by future research. ER  - 
Comorbidities Associated With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Children and Adolescents at a Tertiary Care Setting$$$ Studies have revealed high rates of neurodevelopmental and psychiatric comorbid conditions among individuals diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, research on this topic in the Arab world has been limited. This study evaluates the medical, neurodevelopmental, and psychiatric comorbidities in children and adolescents diagnosed with ADHD in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE). A total of 428 pediatric patients diagnosed with ADHD were included. Children and adolescents with ADHD had high rates of comorbid disorders. Twenty comorbid conditions were identified. More than 3 quarters of the study sample had at least 1 comorbid disorder. The most common comorbidity among children was autism spectrum disorder, and among adolescents was anxiety disorders. Comprehensive assessments are highly warranted to identify and manage associated comorbid conditions. Further research is needed in exploring the biopsychosocial factors contributing to the elevated rate of comorbidity in children and adolescents with ADHD. ER  - 
Nicotinamide supplementation in diabetic nonalcoholic fatty liver disease patients: randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Nicotinamide has been reported to protect against liver steatosis and metabolic imbalances in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in animal models. Objectives: The objective was to investigate the efficacy and safety of nicotinamide supplementation in diabetic NAFLD patients. Design: This is a prospective randomized controlled open label study. Methods: Seventy diabetic NAFLD patients were randomly assigned either to the nicotinamide group (n = 35) who received nicotinamide 1000 mg once daily for 12 weeks in addition to their antidiabetic therapy or the control group (n = 35) who received their antidiabetic therapy only. The primary outcome was improvement in steatosis score, while secondary outcomes included assessment of liver stiffness, liver enzymes, lipid profile, insulin resistance, serum malondialdehyde, serum adiponectin, and patients’ quality of life (QOL). Results: Only 61 patients completed the study; 31 in the nicotinamide group and 30 in the control group. Comparisons between groups and within groups revealed nonsignificant changes in steatosis and fibrosis scores. However, significant reduction was observed in liver enzymes with a median decrease in alanine transaminase of 26.6% versus 0.74% in nicotinamide and control groups, respectively. After 12 weeks of treatment, the nicotinamide group showed significantly lower levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p value = 0.004), total cholesterol (p value = 0.006), and insulin resistance marker (p value = 0.005) compared with control. Serum triglycerides, malondialdehyde, and adiponectin levels were all comparable between the two groups. Regarding QOL, a significant improvement was detected in the total scores and the activity and fatigue domains scores. Conclusion: Nicotinamide at a dose of 1000 mg daily was tolerable, improved metabolic abnormalities and QOL of diabetic NAFLD patients with no effect on liver fibrosis or steatosis. Trial Registration: The study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov and given the ID number: ‘NCT03850886’. https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03850886. ER  - 
Neurological Prognostic Factors in Hospitalized Patients with COVID-19$$$ We aimed to search whether neurological symptoms or signs (NSS) and the MEWS (Modi-fied Early Warning Score) score were associated with in-hospital mortality or oxygen requirement during the first 14 days of hospitalization in COVID-19 patients recruited at the University Hospital in Krakow, Poland. The detailed clinical questionnaires on twenty NSS were either filled out by patients prospectively or retrospectively assessed by neurologists based on daily medical records. NSS were considered high or low-risk if they were associated with increased or decreased mortality in the univariable analysis. This cohort study included 349 patients with COVID-19 (median age 64, interquartile range (51–77), women 54.72%). The presence of high-risk NSS (decreased level of consciousness, delirium, seizures, and symptoms of stroke or transient ischemic attack) or its combination with the absence of low-risk NSS (headache, dizziness, decreased mood, and fatigue) increased the risk of in-hospital mortality in SARS-CoV-2 infection 3.13 and 7.67-fold, respectively. The presence of low-risk NSS decreased the risk of in-hospital mortality in COVID-19 patients more than 6-fold. Death in patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection, apart from NSS, was predicted by older age, neoplasm, and higher MEWS scores on admission. High-risk NSS or their combination with the absence of low-risk NSS increased the risk of oxygen requirement during hospitalization in COVID-19 patients 4.48 and 1.86-fold, respectively. Independent predictors of oxygen therapy during hospitalization in patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection were also older age, male sex, neoplasm, and higher MEWS score on admission. ER  - 
Cannabis Abuse and Perioperative Complications After Treatment of Intracranial Aneurysms: A Nationwide Analysis$$$ Objective: In the present retrospective cohort analysis, we examined the differences in baseline characteristics and peri- and postoperative outcomes stratified by 3 groups: cannabis abuse or dependence versus none, surgical versus endovascular treatment, and unruptured and ruptured intracranial aneurysms. Methods: A study population of 26,868 patients was defined using the 2009–2016 National Inpatient Sample database. The baseline characteristics were compared between the cannabis and no-cannabis groups, and the traits that differed significantly were factored into the multivariate analysis using 1:1 propensity score matching. The matched groups were analyzed to compare the cannabis and no-cannabis cohorts for the following endpoints: mortality, length of stay, discharge disposition, total hospital charges, and several peri- and postoperative outcomes. Results: In the surgically and endovascularly treated groups for unruptured intracranial aneurysms, those in the cannabis group were more likely to be male and younger and to smoke tobacco than were those in the no-cannabis group. After matching, no significant endpoint differences were noted. Similarly, in the surgically and endovascularly treated ruptured aneurysm groups, those in the cannabis group were more likely to be male and younger and to smoke tobacco. After matching, the cannabis group within the endovascular treatment group had had a longer length of stay and were more likely to have developed any hydrocephalus, obstructive hydrocephalus, sepsis, and acute kidney injury. Those in the cannabis group who had undergone surgery were more likely to have developed any hydrocephalus, specifically, communicating hydrocephalus. Conclusions: The cannabis group with ruptured intracranial aneurysms was more likely to experience certain adverse outcomes after surgical or endovascular treatment compared with the no-cannabis group. However, such was not the case for cannabis abusers treated for unruptured aneurysms. ER  - 
The Frequency of Clinical Seizures in Paroxysmal Events in a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit$$$ Background: In general clinical practice, neonatal seizures are identified visually by direct clinical observation. The study aimed to examine the frequency of clinical seizures in paroxysmal events in a neonatal intensive care unit. Methods: We conducted a prospective study of continuous video-EEG monitoring in a neonatal intensive care unit between January 2017 and December 2020. The demographic data were also reviewed. Results: Sixty-four neonates were enrolled. The median total video-EEG monitoring duration was 24.1 h (IQR 17.5–44.8 h). There were 309 clinically suspected seizure episodes, of which 181 (58.6%) were the motor type and 128 (41.4%) were the non-motor type. Only 63 (20.4%) of these events were confirmed to be clinical seizures on a simultaneous video-EEG recording. In terms of the impact of continuous video-EEG monitoring on clinical management, the anti-epileptic drugs were changed in 42 (65.6%) of the 64 neonates. Conclusion: In the identification of neonatal seizures, a clinical diagnosis by direct observation alone is not enough. The use of continuous video-EEG monitoring plays an important role in the diagnosis of neonatal seizures and in guiding clinical management decisions. ER  - 
Perioperative Factors Affecting Readmission After Awake Craniotomy: Analysis of 609 Consecutive Cases$$$ Background: Awake craniotomy is being used widely for tumors near eloquent areas of the brain and also to facilitate early discharge from the hospital. Although most of the complications occur early in the postoperative period, there is a certain risk of delayed postoperative adverse events after discharge. This study investigated the incidence and the risk factors for postdischarge readmission after awake surgeries. Methods: This was a single-institution cohort study of 609 awake craniotomies by one surgeon at Toronto Western Hospital, 2006–2018. Results: Of 609 cases, 562 cases were available for analyses on postoperative readmission. In total, 6.0% (34 cases) were readmitted for medical reasons within 30 days after surgery, including neurologic decline (n = 9, 1.6%), infection at the surgical site (n = 8, 1.4%), followed by seizure (n = 5, 0.9%). Preoperative history of seizure (generalized or complex) was associated with readmission (P = 0.02). Eight of these plus 6 other cases experienced reoperation, and all the cases were due to infection but one (intraventricular hemorrhage). Investigations on correlations between perioperative factors and the reoperation found that redo surgery and findings of hemorrhage on postoperative imaging were significantly associated with reoperation (P = 0.0032, 0.0104 on multivariate analyses, respectively). Conclusions: Although age, malignancy, or preoperative performance status were not related to readmission or reoperation, redo surgery cases and cases with postoperative hematoma were found to be at an increased risk for reoperation. Special attention and care need to be paid to these cases for potential complications after discharge, especially in situations in which patients tend to be discharged early after awake surgeries. ER  - 
Machine learning applications to differentiate comorbid functional seizures and epilepsy from pure functional seizures$$$ Purpose: We have utilized different methods in machine learning (ML) to develop the best algorithm to differentiate comorbid functional seizures (FS) and epilepsy from those who have pure FS. Methods: This was a retrospective study of an electronic database of patients with seizures. All patients with a diagnosis of FS (with or without comorbid epilepsy) were studied at the outpatient epilepsy clinic at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz, Iran, from 2008 until 2021. We arbitrarily selected 14 features that are important in making the diagnosis of patients with seizures and also are easily obtainable during history taking. Pytorch and Scikit-learn packages were used to construct various models including random forest classifier, decision tree classifier, support vector classifier, k-nearest neighbor, and TabNet classifier. Results: Three hundred and two patients had FS (82.5%), while 64 patients had FS and comorbid epilepsy (17.5%). The “TabNet classifier” could provide the best sensitivity (90%) and specificity (74%) measures (accuracy of 76%) to help differentiate patients with FS from those with FS and comorbid epilepsy. Conclusion: These satisfactory differentiating measures suggest that the current algorithm could be used in clinical practice to help with the difficult task of distinguishing patients with FS from those with FS and comorbid epilepsy. Based on the results of the current study, we have developed an Application (SeiDx). This App is freely accessible at the following address: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rAgBXKNPW9bmUCDioaGHHzLBQgzZ-HZ2/view. This App should be validated in a prospective assessment. ER  - 
Real-world experience of using combinatorial pharmacogenomic test in children and adolescents with depression and anxiety$$$ Objective: To evaluate the real-world impact of using a commercially available combinatorial pharmacogenomic (CPGx) test on medication management and clinical outcomes in children and adolescents treated at a tertiary care psychiatry practice. Methods: A retrospective cohort study using our prospectively maintained database of patients undergoing CPGx testing was performed. Only patients with clinical data at the time of ordering CPGx test (pre-baseline), potential medication change visit (baseline) and 8-weeks follow-up (post-baseline) visit were included. Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scores for each visit were calculated. Appropriate statistical analysis, including one-sample t-test, paired t-test and Chi-square test was performed. Results: Based on the inclusion criteria, 281 (75.9%) of the 370 patients with CPGx testing were included. Their mean age was 15.8 ± 4.5 years (111 females; 39.5%). The average number of medications significantly increased to 2.4 ± 1.2 on the post-baseline visit [t(280) = 8.34, p < 0.001). Medications were added in 123 (43.7%), replaced in 92 (32.7%) patients and remained unchanged in rest. There was no significant association between medication-related adverse effects and psychotropic medication change group (p = 0.27). The study population showed a significant improvement (p < 0.001) in the CGI severity, efficacy, and global improvement indices. Conclusion: In our experience of using CPGx test in a large cohort of children and adolescents during routine clinical practice, three-quarter of them underwent medication change. Additionally, we noted an improvement in clinical outcomes without impacting adverse effects. While the role of clinical judgement in medication changes in our cohort is likely, CPGx may supplement clinical decision making. However, the best use and benefit of CPGx in routine clinical practice needs further investigation. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression, risk factors, and quality of life in patients with epilepsy in a remote area of western Rajasthan$$$ Background: Depression is a common psychiatric disorder in patients with epilepsy. This study aimed to determine the prevalence and related risk factors for depression among people with epilepsy and their quality of life. Methods: Hospital-based cross-sectional study was carried out among 352 individuals with epilepsy from April 2020 to September 2020. Purposive sampling was used to recruit participants over a specified period. The Beck's Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) was used to measure depression severity, the Perceived Stress Scale (PSS) to assess stress level, the Oslo 3 Social Support Scale (OSSS-3) to assess social support, and the WHOQOL-BREF scale to estimate quality of life (QoL). The statistical analysis was carried out using SPSS version 20. Logistic regression analysis was done to determine the risk factors for depression. Results: A total of 352 study participants were considered in the study. The prevalence of depression was found to be 41.19%. In the final multivariate analysis, the independent variables that influenced depression were socioeconomic status (OR 2.75, CI 1.21–5.41), frequency of seizures in the previous year (OR 2.17, CI 1.08–5.26), duration of illness (OR 3.49, CI 1.03–7.52), and poor social support (OR 6.37, CI 1.85–9.48) at p-value < 0.05. When compared to patients without depression, the average mean score (SD) in all four domains was lower in physical 39.01 (4.61), psychological 43.93 (8.13), social 52.89 (10.44), and environmental domains 47.14 (6.99) in patients with depression in BREF quality-of-life scale. There was a statistically significant difference in the physical, psychological, and social domains (p-value < 0.05). Conclusion: In people with epilepsy, depression was quite common. Patients that were depressed had a lower QoL. Clinicians should pay special attention to people with epilepsy who lack social support, have low socioeconomic status, longer duration of illness, and have more seizure frequency. Qualified clinicians should do early depression-focused screenings for people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Seizure phobia: A distinct psychiatric disorder among people with epilepsy$$$ Objective: Epilepsy is characterized by unpredictable attacks. Hence, people with epilepsy (PWE) may develop anxious anticipation of upcoming seizures. Seizure phobia is an anxiety disorder wherein seizure anticipatory situations trigger fear, accompanied by avoidance behaviors. Research on seizure phobia among PWE is scarce. Therefore, we aimed to describe the diagnosis of seizure phobia and its association with demographic, psychiatric and neurological variables. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study of adult PWE in a tertiary epilepsy outpatient clinic. Data were collected from semi-structured interviews, demographic questionnaires and medical records. Patients with and without seizure phobia were compared in terms of sociodemographic, psychiatric, and neurological variables. A logistic regression analysis was performed to identify variables that predicted seizure phobia. Results: Among 69 PWE included in the study, 19 (27.5%) were diagnosed with seizure phobia. In comparison with PWE without seizure phobia, PWE with seizure phobia were predominantly female (84.2% vs 44.2%, p = 0.005), and had more comorbid anxiety disorders (84.2% vs 34.9%, p = 0.01), past major depressive episode (MDE) (63.2% vs 20.9%, p = 0.003), and post-traumatic stress disorder (26.3% vs 7%, p = 0.05). There was a significant association between seizure phobia and comorbid psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (36.8% vs 11.6%, p = 0.034). However, no significant association was found with epilepsy-related variables. A multivariate logistic regression model indicated anxiety and a past MDE as predictive factors for seizure phobia (R2 = 0.43). Conclusion: Seizure phobia is a distinct psychiatric entity among PWE. Further research is required to understand its etiology, risk factors, and potential interventions for these patients. ER  - 
Cardiac cysticercosis and neurocysticercosis in sudden and unexpected community deaths in Lusaka, Zambia: a descriptive medico-legal post-mortem examination study$$$ Background: Cysticercosis is a World Health Organization designated neglected human zoonosis worldwide. Data on cardiac cysticercosis and its contribution to sudden and unexpected community deaths are scarce and require study. Methods: A study was performed of cysticercosis-related deaths and other incidental cases of cysticercosis seen at forensic post-mortem examination over a period of 12 months, in individuals who died suddenly and unexpectedly in the community in Lusaka, Zambia. Whole-body post-mortem examinations were performed according to standard operating procedures for post-mortem examinations. Representative samples were obtained from all body organs and subjected to histopathological examination. Information was obtained on circumstances surrounding the death. Data were collated on patient demographics, history, co-morbidities, pathological gross and microscopic findings, and forensic autopsy cause(s) of death. The available literature on cardiac cysticercosis was also reviewed. Results: Nine cases of cysticercosis were identified. Eight of the nine cases had cardiac cysticercosis. There was no prior history of cysticercosis before death. All were male, aged between 28 and 56 years, and from high population density and low socioeconomic communities. There was no community case clustering identified. Conclusions: Cardiac cysticercosis and neurocysticercosis are important incidental findings in sudden and unexpected deaths in the community and can easily be missed antemortem. More investment in forensic autopsy services is required to define the undiagnosed burden of deaths due to treatable communicable diseases. ER  - 
Managing depression and anxiety in patients with epilepsy in eastern China: A survey of epilepsy health professionals in Zhejiang Province$$$ Objective: We aimed to evaluate the assessment and management of epilepsy with anxiety and depression, and their clinical practice based on a survey. Methods: A cross-sectional survey of epilepsy health professionals was undertaken in Zhejiang Province using the modified International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Psychology Task Force questionnaire. We recorded the characteristics of participants and the practice of screening, referral, and treatment for depression and anxiety disorders. A total of 146 participants joined in the survey, of which 76.0% were neurologists, and 69 participants were the member of the Zhejiang Association Against Epilepsy (ZAAE). Results: This survey revealed that almost all participants (87.7%) agreed that screening for depression and anxiety in patients with epilepsy (PWEs) was very important; however, the frequency of screening was very low (41.1% of participants screened less than 10% of patients, and 34.2% participants screened between 10% and 30% of patients). A higher frequency of screening was reported in the member group and compared with that in the non-member group (P = 0.025). The main barrier to screening was the lack of time during clinic visits: 81.5% participants included screening questions as part of their clinical review. When anxiety/depression was diagnosed, the next step should be to refer patients to a psychiatrist (78.1%). No standardized procedures and lack of mental health specialists trained to assess and/or manage PWEs, were the main barriers to follow-up assessment and management. Lack of appropriately trained mental health specialists was also the main barrier to psychological treatment for depression and anxiety. Conclusion: This survey highlighted that epilepsy healthcare professionals in Zhejiang province agreed on the importance of screening for psychiatric comorbidities in PWEs; however, the screening and management were actually insufficient. Certain barriers to screening, referral, and treatment were presented and improvements were recommended. ER  - 
Characterizing women veterans receiving seizure care in the veterans affairs healthcare system$$$ Objective: The number and proportion of women served by the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) is rapidly expanding, necessitating better characterization of factors unique to this population. While nascent literature has begun to better characterize women within the broader seizure population, women Veterans remain an understudied sample. To expand our clinical understanding of women with seizures, we assessed demographic and clinical characteristics, as well as psychiatric/military histories in women receiving care from an Epilepsy Center of Excellence within the VA Healthcare System. Methods: The sample included 90 women with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and 28 women with epileptic seizures (ES) as the final diagnosis after epilepsy monitoring at a large VA medical center between 2010 and 2020. Retrospective chart review gathered demographics, including age, marital status, and work status; clinical characteristics, including history of traumatic brain injury (TBI) or migraines, gynecological history, and use of anti-seizure medications (ASM); psychiatric information, including trauma history, psychiatric diagnoses, and treatment; and military history related to service or service connection. Group differences were assessed between women with PNES and ES. Results: The ES group was significantly older than the PNES group (47.8 v. 41.9 years, p = 0.02) and had a non-significantly longer diagnosis duration (12.3 vs. 8.6 years, p = 0.17). Clinically, the PNES group had a significantly higher rate of migraines (76.7% v. 57.1%, p = 0.04) and hysterectomy (40% v. 17.9%, p = 0.03). Many psychiatric factors differentiated the two groups, with significantly higher rates of psychotropic medication use (86.7% v. 60.7%, p = 0.002), psychiatric hospitalization (42.2% v. 21.4%, p = 0.047), and suicide attempts (42.2% v. 14.3%, p = 0.005), alongside trends toward higher rates of military sexual trauma (47.8% vs. 28.6%, p = 0.07) and childhood sexual trauma (37.8% vs. 17.9%, p = 0.05) among those with PNES. Significance: This is the largest study to date characterizing women veterans with seizures seeking comprehensive seizure care and provides an update to previously published information on Veteran samples with seizures. Several characteristics differ between women Veterans with PNES and ES, spanning demographic, clinical, and psychiatric factors. Understanding the unique profile of women Veterans with epilepsy seeking care through the VA system is a crucial step in providing optimal care, including making informed diagnosis and providing appropriate treatment. ER  - 
Clinical utility of serum prolactin and lactate concentrations to differentiate epileptic seizures from non-epileptic attacks in the emergency room$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the diagnostic utility of serum prolactin (PRL) and lactate (LAC) concentrations for patients presenting with either or both convulsions and transient loss of consciousness (TLOC) in the emergency room (ER). Methods: This was a retrospective single-center study conducted in a tertiary care hospital ER. Medical records of consecutive patients who presented with convulsions or TLOC between January 2018 and December 2020 were reviewed. Patients with an ER diagnosis of epileptic seizures, psychogenic non-epileptic seizure (PNES), and syncope were selected for analysis. Serum PRL and LAC concentrations were measured within 3 h of the event and compared between groups. Results: Among the 440 eligible patients, 173 (39.3%) were included for analysis. Serum PRL concentration was significantly higher in patients with epileptic seizures with convulsions than in those with PNES with convulsions (p < 0.001) and convulsive syncope (p = 0.023). Serum LAC concentration was not significantly elevated in patients with convulsive syncope. Using a PRL cut-off value of 24.0 ng/mL, serum PRL concentration had 100.0% sensitivity and 82.9% specificity for differentiating between PNES and other attacks without convulsions. Conclusion: Elevated serum PRL with normal serum LAC concentration in patients who have attacks with convulsions suggests convulsive syncope. Serum PRL concentration is useful in the diagnosis of PNES with convulsions. However, serum LAC concentration is not useful as a routine screening test for attacks without convulsions in the ER. ER  - 
An international study of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on characteristics of functional seizures$$$ Objective: We investigated whether the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the clinical characteristics of patients with functional seizure (FS) (at the time of diagnosis) in a large multicenter international study. Methods: This was a retrospective study. We investigated all patients with FS, who were admitted at the epilepsy monitoring units at six centers in the world: 1. Shiraz, Iran; 2. Salzburg, Austria; 3. Nancy, France; 4. Atlanta, USA; 5. Kuwait City, Kuwait; and 6. Cairo, Egypt. Patients were studied during two time periods: admitted in 2018–2019 (pre-COVID era) and 2020–2021 (COVID era). Results: Three hundred and twenty-six patients were studied. Two hundred and twenty-four (68.7%) patients were diagnosed before and 102 (31.3%) persons during the COVID-19 pandemic. Only, a history of family dysfunction was significantly associated with the COVID-19 pandemic era (Odds Ratio: 1.925, 95% Confidence Interval: 1.099–3.371; p = 0.022). A low level of education might also be associated with FS during the COVID-19 pandemic, at least in some cultures (e.g., the Middle-East). Conclusion: The COVID-19 pandemic has not affected the clinical characteristics of patients with FS (at the time of diagnosis). However, a history of family dysfunction was significantly more frequently associated with FS during the COVID-19 pandemic. Multiagency integration of law enforcement responses, social services, and social awareness is recommended to address family dysfunction and domestic violence and support the victims during this pandemic. ER  - 
Agreement Among Different Scales for Causality Assessment in Drug-Induced Stevens-Johnson Syndrome and Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis$$$ Background and Objective: Identification of the offending drug is crucial and challenging in cases of severe cutaneous adverse drug reactions (CADR) like Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN). Poor reproducibility and varying levels of agreement have been observed among different causality assessment tools (CATs) in assessing severe CA-DRs. This study was conducted to examine the agreement among four different CATs in assessing cases of drug-induced SJS, TEN and SJS/TEN overlap. Methods: All cases of drug-induced SJS, TEN and SJS/TEN overlap, which were reported between January 2012 and January 2020, were identified from the ADR register at an ADR monitoring centre. Causality assessment was done in these reported cases using the following CATs: The World Health Organization–Uppsala Monitoring Centre (WHO–UMC) scale, Naranjo algorithm, Liverpool algorithm and Algorithm of drug causality for epidermal necrolysis (ALDEN). Weighted kappa (κw) test was used to evaluate the agreement among four CATs. Results: A total of 30 cases of drug-induced SJS, TEN and SJS/TEN overlap were included in our analyses. The most common offending groups of drugs were anticonvulsants (46.7%), antimicrobials (40%) and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (13.3%). Of the anticonvulsants, phenytoin (13.3%), carbamazepine (10%), and valproate (10%) were the commonly reported offending drugs. Poor agreement was observed among the four different causality assessment scales. Conclusion: Discrepancies were observed among four different CATs in assessing drug-induced SJS and TEN. A CAT, which is more specific to drug-induced SJS and TEN, simple, user-friendly with limited subjective interpretation, incorporating new immunological and pharmacogenetic markers, is necessary. ER  - 
Prehospital capillary lactate in children differentiates epileptic seizure from febrile seizure, syncope, and psychogenic nonepileptic seizure$$$ Purpose: The aim of the study was to examine prehospital capillary lactate in children as a diagnostic biomarker to differentiate epileptic seizures from febrile seizures, syncope, and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: Capillary lactate concentrations taken in a pediatric prehospital setting within 2 h of the paroxysmal event were compared retrospectively between patients with epileptic seizure, febrile seizure, syncope, and PNES, based on the final diagnosis from the hospitalization report. Results: One hundred and two patients were included, 53 (52%) with epileptic seizures, 41 (40%) with febrile seizures, and 8 (8%) with syncope or PNES. Capillary lactate in patients with a final diagnosis of epileptic seizure was significantly increased in comparison to the concentrations in patients with febrile seizure (p < 0.0007) and in comparison to the concentrations in patients with syncope or PNES (p < 0.0204). The area under the ROC-curve was 0.71 (95% CI 0.61–0.80). For a cutoff concentration of prehospital capillary lactate >3.9 mmol/l (Youden index), the sensitivity was 49% and the specificity 92%. Conclusion: Prehospital capillary lactate concentrations are a useful tool for differentiating the nature of a paroxysmal event in children. ER  - 
Postictal psychosis, a cause of secondary affective psychosis: A clinical description study of 77 patients$$$ Objective: Postictal psychosis (PIP) is a severe complication occurring at least in 2% of patients with epilepsy. Since the 19th century, psychiatrists have reported the specificity of PIP presentation, but descriptions did not clearly distinguish PIP from after-seizure delirium. This study aimed to provide a precise description of psychiatric signs occurring during PIP, and improve recognition of PIP. Methods: We performed a review of clinical descriptions available in literature (48 patients), that we gathered with a retrospective multicentric case series of patients from three French epilepsy units (29 patients). For each patient, we collected retrospectively the psychiatric signs, and epilepsy features. Results: We found a high prevalence of persecutory (67.5%) and religious (55.8%) delusions, with almost systematic hallucinations (83.1%) and frequent mood disturbances (76.6%), especially euphoria. Severe consequences were not negligible (other-directed assault in 20.8%, self-directed in 13.0%). The type of delusion was associated with mood symptoms (p = 0.017). Episode onset was mainly sudden/rapid (90.9%), its duration was mostly between one and 14 days (64.9%) and the response to antipsychotic medication was good. Disorder was recurrent in more than a half of the sample (57.1% of patients with at least 2 episodes). Conclusion: Considering our findings, PIP resembles more an affective psychosis, than a purely psychotic disorder. The presence of affective signs differentiates PIP from other psychotic comorbidities in epilepsy. Additionally, resemblance between PIP and psychotic manic episode might help to discuss links between epilepsy and bipolar disorder. ER  - 
Effect of continuing versus stopping pre-stroke antihypertensive agents within 12 h on outcome after stroke: A subgroup analysis of the efficacy of nitric oxide in stroke (ENOS) trial$$$ Background: It is not known whether to continue or temporarily stop existing antihypertensive drugs in patients with acute stroke. Methods: We performed a prospective subgroup analysis of patients enrolled into the Efficacy of Nitric Oxide in Stroke (ENOS) trial who were randomised to continue vs stop prior antihypertensive therapy within 12 h of stroke onset. The primary outcome was functional outcome, assessed with the modified Rankin Scale at 90 days by observers blinded to treatment assignment, and analysed with ordinal logistic regression. Findings: Of 4011 patients recruited into ENOS from 2001 to 2014, 2097 patients were randomised to continue vs stop prior antihypertensive treatment, and 384 (18.3%, continue 185, stop 199) were enrolled within 12 h of ictus: mean (SD) age 71.8 (11.8) years, female 193 (50.3%), ischaemic stroke 342 (89.1%) and total anterior circulation syndrome 114 (29.7%). As compared with stopping, continuing treatment within 12 h of onset lowered blood pressure by 15.5/9.6 mmHg (p<0.001/<0.001) by 7 days, shifted the modified Rankin Scale to a worse outcome by day 90, adjusted common odds ratio (OR) 1.46 (95% CI 1.01–2.11), and was associated with an increased death rate by day 90 (hazard ratio 2.17, 95% CI 1.24–3.79). Other outcomes (disability - Barthel Index, quality of life - EQ-visual analogue scale, cognition - telephone mini-mental state examination, and mood - Zung depression scale) were also worse with continuing treatment. Interpretation: In this pre-specified subgroup analysis of the large ENOS trial, continuing prior antihypertensive therapy within 12 h of stroke onset in a predominantly ischaemic stroke population was unsafe with worse functional outcome, disability, cognition, mood, quality of life and increased death. Future studies assessing continuing or stopping prior antihypertensives in the context of thrombectomy are awaited. ER  - 
Behavioral improvement in a 9-year-old patient with MPS II undergoing enzyme replacement therapy with pabinafusp alfa: A case report$$$ We report a 9-year-old male patient diagnosed with mucopolysaccharidosis II (MPS II), The patient has been achieving normal development milestones expect language acquisition but presented since the first year of life with frequent diarrhea, nasal obstruction, and recurrent respiratory infections that led to multiple antibiotics use and a tonsillectomy at 15 months. Clinical and radiological evaluations revealed macrocephaly, cervical platyspondyly and enlargement of brain perivascular spaces. The patient was noted to be markedly obstinate, hyperactive, and showed psychomotor agitation, which often hampered clinical and neurological examinations. At the age of 2y, MPS II was diagnosed by increased urinary glycosaminoglycans (435 μg/mg creatinine; age-related reference range: 13–59) and decreased plasma iduronate 2-sulfatase activity in leukocytes (2.3 nm/4 h/mg protein; reference: 31–110), along with a genetic analysis that detected the c.682del_A variant in the IDS gene. Enzyme replacement therapy with idursulfase was subsequently initiated, but psychomotor agitation, hyperactivity, and attention deficits progressed, while uGAGs remained above normal (166 μg/mg creatinine; age-related range: 53–115). At the age of 4y, the patient developed seizures without specific electroencephalographic findings, to which anticonvulsants were prescribed. Bilateral hearing loss was also detected. Progressive cognitive decline (poorer academic performance), unaltered psychomotor agitation, self-harm and aggression were noted at the age of 6y. The patient was subsequently enrolled in a clinical trial to receive pabinafusp alfa, an enzyme known to cross the blood-brain barrier to address neurodegeneration. After 24 months of treatment, the patient is seizure-free, less agitated with improved social interactions. The median uGAGs decreased to the reference range (104 μg/mg creatinine). The patient became more collaborative and started to better understand orders. These preliminary findings indicate that pabinafusp alfa may improve behavior of the patients with severe MPS II and positively impact the quality of life not only of those patients but also of their caregivers. ER  - 
Variables associated with shunt failure in children with cerebrospinal fluid diverting shunts$$$ Pediatric patients with shunted hydrocephalus are frequently evaluated in the emergency department (ED) with concern for shunt failure. Because shunt failure is potentially life-threatening, accurate diagnosis is essential. However, neuroimaging imperfectly detects children in failure, with reported sensitivities of 53% to 92% for computed tomography and 51% to 59% for magnetic resonance imaging. Objectives: We sought to identify clinical characteristics that would negatively predict shunt failure, thus potentially obviating the need for further diagnostic workup or extended periods of observation. We hypothesized that viral symptoms and a patient history of epilepsy or chronic headaches would be negative predictors of shunt failure. Methods: Data were retrospectively collected for children 19 years or younger with a cerebrospinal fluid diverting shunt in their medical history or problem list who underwent neuroimaging during an ED visit from March 2008 to September 2016. Patients were defined as having shunt failure if they required surgical exploration for shunt revision within 7 days of the ED visit. Descriptive statistics were used for patient demographics, current symptoms, and historical features. We conducted a logistic regression analysis to determine which characteristics were associated with the odds of shunt failure and used binary recursive partitioning to determine if there were features or a combination of features that were able to accurately classify patients without shunt failure. Results: There were 606 visits by 277 patients during this interval, 34% of whom were experiencing shunt failure. Variables found to be significantly predictive of shunt failure were revision within the prior 6 months, vomiting, personality changes, family opinion of shunt failure, and cranial nerve palsies. Viral symptoms and a history of epilepsy or chronic headaches were not predictive of shunt failure. Binary recursive partitioning identified family opinion and personality changes as predictive of shunt failure, with a sensitivity of 72.2% (95% confidence interval, 65.5%–78.2%) and specificity of 46.6% (95% confidence interval, 41.7%–51.7%). Conclusions: Although certain clinical and historical features have modest predictive value in children with shunted hydrocephalus, these factors are insufficiently sensitive to exclude shunt failure, arguing for liberal neuroimaging and extended observation. ER  - 
Stroke Mimics in the Acute Setting: Role of Multimodal CT Protocol$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Ischemic stroke can be mimicked by nonischemic conditions. Due to emphasis on the rapid treatment of acute ischemic stroke, it is crucial to identify these conditions to avoid unnecessary therapies and potential complications. We investigated the performance of the multimodal CT protocol (unenhanced brain CT, CTA, and CTP) to discriminate stroke mimics from acute ischemic stroke. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We retrospectively selected multimodal CT studies performed for clinical suspicion of acute ischemic stroke in our center in a 24-month period, including patients with at least 1 follow-up imaging study (brain CT or MR imaging). Hemorrhagic strokes were excluded. We measured the performance of multimodal CT, comparing the original diagnostic results with the final clinical diagnosis at discharge. RESULTS: Among 401 patients, a stroke mimic condition was diagnosed in 89 (22%), including seizures (34.8%), migraine with aura attack (12.4%), conversion disorder (12.4%), infection (7.9%), brain tumor (7.9%), acute metabolic condition (6.7%), peripheral vertigo (5.6%), syncope (5.6%), transient global amnesia (3.4%), subdural hematoma (1.1%), cervical epidural hematoma (1.1%), and dural AVF (1.1%). Multimodal CT sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy were 24.7%, 99.7%, and 83%. Multimodal CT revealed peri-ictal changes in 13/31 seizures and diagnosed 7/7 brain tumors, 1/1 dural AVF, and 1/1 subdural hematoma. CT perfusion played a pivotal diagnostic role. CONCLUSIONS: Multimodal CT demonstrated low sensitivity but high specificity in the diagnosis of stroke mimics in the acute setting. The high specificity of multimodal CT allows ruling out stroke and thereby avoiding unnecessary revascularization treatment in patients with diagnosis of a stroke mimic. ER  - 
Longitudinal Changes of COVID-19 Symptoms in Social Media: Observational Study$$$ Background: In December 2019, the COVID-19 outbreak started in China and rapidly spread around the world. Many studies have been conducted to understand the clinical characteristics of COVID-19, and recently postinfection sequelae of this disease have begun to be investigated. However, there is little consensus on the longitudinal changes of lasting physical or psychological symptoms from prior COVID-19 infection. Objective: This study aims to investigate and analyze public social media data from Reddit to understand the longitudinal impact of COVID-19 symptoms before and after recovery from COVID-19. Methods: We collected 22,890 Reddit posts that were generated by 14,401 authors from March 14 to December 16, 2020. Using active learning and intensive manual inspection, 292 (2.03%) active authors, who were infected by COVID-19 and frequently reported disease progress on Reddit, along with their 2213 (9.67%) longitudinal posts, were identified. Machine learning tools to extract biomedical information were applied to identify COVID-19 symptoms mentioned in the Reddit posts. We then examined longitudinal changes in individual physiological and psychological characteristics before and after recovery from COVID-19 infection. Results: In total, 58 physiological and 3 psychological symptoms were identified in social media before and after recovery from COVID-19 infection. From the analyses, we found that symptoms of patients with COVID-19 lasted 2.5 months. On average, symptoms appeared around a month before recovery and remained for 1.5 months after recovery. Well-known COVID-19 symptoms, such as fever, cough, and chest congestion, appeared relatively earlier in patient journeys and were frequently observed before recovery from COVID-19. Meanwhile, mental discomfort or distress, such as brain fog or stress, fatigue, and manifestations on toes or fingers, were frequently mentioned after recovery and remained as intermediate- and longer-term sequelae. Conclusions: In this study, we showed the dynamic changes in COVID-19 symptoms during the infection and recovery phases of the disease. Our findings suggest the feasibility of using social media data for investigating disease states and understanding the evolution of the physiological and psychological characteristics of COVID-19 infection over time. ER  - 
Analysis of REM sleep without atonia in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome determined by domiciliary polysomnography: A cross sectional study$$$ Study Objectives: Our aim is to evaluate the presence of REM sleep without atonia (RWA), the objective hallmark of REM sleep Behaviour Disorder (RBD), as prodromal marker of Parkinson's disease (PD), in an adult cohort of 22q11.2 deletion syndrome (22qDS). Methods: Sleep quality was assessed by means of Pittsburgh quality scale index (PSQI), and RBD symptoms by means of RBD questionnaire-Hong-Kong (RBDQ-HK). Attended domiciliary video-Polysomnography (v-PSG) were performed in 26 adults (18-51 years, 14 females) 22qDS patients. Electromyogram during REM sleep was analyzed by means of SINBAR procedure at 3-second time resolution (miniepochs). Results: An overall poor sleep quality was observed in the cohort and high RBDQ-HK score in 7 of the 26 patients, two additional patients with positive dream enactment reported by close relatives had low score of RBDQ-HK. Nevertheless, SINBAR RWA scores were lower than cut-off threshold for RWA (mean 5.5%, range 0-12.2%). TST and the percentage of light sleep (N1) were increased, with preserved proportions of N2 and N3. Participants reported poor quality of sleep (mean PSQI > 5), with prolonged sleep latency in the v-PSG. No subjects exhibit evident dream enactment episodes during recording sessions. Conclusions: RWA was absent in the studied cohort of 22qDS adult volunteers according to validated polysomnographic criteria. High RBDQ-HK scores do not correlate with v-PSG results among 22qDS individuals. ER  - 
Histopathological Analysis of Cerebrovascular Lesions Associated with Aging$$$ Cerebrovascular disease (CVD) has been associated with cognitive impairment. Yet, our understanding of vascular contribution to cognitive decline has been limited by heterogeneity of definitions and assessment, as well as its occurrence in cognitively healthy aging. Therefore, we aimed to establish the natural progression of CVD associated with aging. We conducted a retrospective observational study of 63 cognitively healthy participants aged 19–84 years selected through the histological archives of the CHU de Québec. Assessment of CVD lesions was performed independently by 3 observers blinded to clinical data using the Vascular Cognitive Impairment Neuropathology Guidelines (VCING). We found moderate to almost perfect interobserver agreement for most regional CVD scores. Atherosclerosis (q = 0.758) and arteriolosclerosis (q = 0.708) showed the greatest significant association with age, followed by perivascular hemosiderin deposits (q = 0.432) and cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA; q = 0.392). Amyloid and tau pathologies were both associated with higher CVD load, but only CAA remained significantly associated with amyloid plaques after controlling for age. Altogether, these findings support the presence of multiple CVD lesions in the brains of cognitively healthy adults, the burden of which increases with age and can be quantified in a reproducible manner using standardized histological scales such as the VCING. ER  - 
Autonomic, Endocrine, and Inflammation Profiles in Functional Neurological Disorder: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Objective: Functional neurological disorder (FND) is a core neuropsychiatric condition. To date, promising yet inconsistently identified neural circuit profiles have been observed in patients with FND, suggesting that gaps remain in our systems-level neurobiological understanding. As such, other important physiological variables, including autonomic, endocrine, and inflammation findings, need to be contextualized for a more complete mechanistic picture. Methods: The investigators conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of available case-control and cohort studies of FND. PubMed, PsycINFO, and Embase databases were searched for studies from January 1, 1900, to September 1, 2020, that investigated autonomic, endocrine, and inflammation markers in patients with FND. Sixty-six of 2,056 screened records were included in the review, representing 1,699 patients; data from 20 articles were used in the meta-analysis. Results: Findings revealed that children and adolescents with FND, compared with healthy control subjects (HCs), have increased resting heart rate (HR); there is also a tendency toward reduced resting HR variability in patients with FND across the lifespan compared with HCs. In adults, peri-ictal HR differentiated patients with functional seizures from those with epileptic seizures. Other autonomic and endocrine profiles for patients with FND were heterogeneous, with several studies highlighting the importance of individual differences. Conclusions: Inflammation research in FND remains in its early stages. Moving forward, there is a need for the use of larger sample sizes to consider the complex interplay between functional neurological symptoms and behavioral, psychological, autonomic, endocrine, inflammation, neuroimaging, and epigenetic/genetic data. More research is also needed to determine whether FND is mechanistically (and etiologically) similar or distinct across phenotypes. ER  - 
Adult phenotype in Koolen-de Vries/ KANSL1 haploinsufficiency syndrome$$$ Background Koolen-de Vries syndrome (KdVS) is a multisystem neurodevelopmental disorder caused by 17q21.31 deletions or mutations in KANSL1. It was mainly described in children. Methods A retrospective study on 9 subjects aged 19-45 years and revision of 18 literature patients, with the purpose to get insights into the phenotypic evolution with time, and into the clinical manifestations in adulthood. Results Seven patients had a 17q21.31 deletion and two a point mutation in KANSL1. All had intellectual disability, which was mild in five (56%) and moderate in four (44%). Epilepsy was diagnosed in four subjects (44%), with onset from 1 to 7 years and full remission before 9 years in 3/4 patients. Scoliosis affected seven individuals (77.7%) and it was substantially stable with age in 5/7 patients, allowing for simple daily activities. Two subjects had severely progressive scoliosis, which was surgically corrected. Overweight or true obesity did occur after puberty in six patients (67%). Behaviour abnormalities were recorded in six patients (67%). The facial phenotype slightly evolved with time to include thick eyebrows, elongated nose and pronounced pointed chin. Despite behaviour abnormalities, happy disposition and sociable attitudes were common. Half of patients had fluent language and were good at writing and reading. Rich language, although limited to single words or short sentences, and very limited or absent skills in writing and reading were observed in the remaining patients. Autonomy in daily activities and personal care was usually limited. Conclusions Distinctive features in adult KdVS subjects include intellectual disability, overweight/obesity, behaviour abnormalities with preserved social interest, ability in language, slight worsening of the facial phenotype and no seizures. ER  - 
Relationships among illness representations and depressive symptom severity in predominantly African-American and Caribbean-American people with epilepsy$$$ Objective: Depression is the most common psychiatric comorbidity among people with epilepsy (PWE) and tends to be more prevalent among people of color (POC) and those with intractable seizures. However, the extent to which illness-related perceptions are associated with depressive symptom severity among POC with intractable seizures is unclear. Method: This cross-sectional study examined relationships among illness representations and self-rated depressive symptoms in 55 PWE (M Age = 41; 61.8% female) with intractable seizures (M seizures per month = 2) who identified as Black/African-American (52.7%), Black/Caribbean-American (27.3%), and/or Hispanic/Latino (21.8%). Epilepsy-related illness perceptions were assessed with the Illness Perception Questionnaire-Revised and depression was measured via the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E). Results: Nearly half of the sample (41.8%) scored above the NDDI-E depression cut-off. PWE endorsing more severe depressive symptoms indicated that their epilepsy had more negative consequences, was hard to comprehend, was insufficiently controlled by treatment, and had a negative emotional impact (p's ≤ 0.02). Controlling for sex, these four illness representations accounted for 48% of the variance in depression severity. Interestingly, participants with probable major depressive episodes were more likely to endorse several psychological causes of seizures compared to non-depressed PWE. Conclusions: Worse depression symptom severity was associated with negative illness perceptions and a tendency to attribute one's epilepsy to psychological causes. Future research is needed to understand how the relationship between negative illness perceptions and depression symptoms unfold over time and whether interventions aimed at modifying illness representations reduce psychological distress in diverse PWE. ER  - 
Efficacy of Treatment with Armodafinil for Cancer-Related Fatigue in Patients with High-grade Glioma: A Phase 3 Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Nearly 96% of patients with high-grade glioma (HGG) report moderate-to-severe fatigue. Armodafinil is a psychostimulant that might help cancer-related fatigue in patients with HGG. Objective: To determine whether armodafinil reduces fatigue in patients with HGG and moderate-to-severe fatigue. Design, Setting, and Participants: In this randomized multicenter, phase 3, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial, adults with HGG and moderate-to-severe fatigue who were clinically stable at least 4 weeks after completing radiation therapy were randomized to receive armodafinil daily (150 mg or 250 mg) or placebo over 8 weeks. A score of at least 6 out of 10 on severity scale for the brief fatigue inventory scale, with 10 being the worst, was required to suggest moderate-to-severe fatigue. Patients were allowed stable doses of corticosteroids but were excluded if they required increasing amounts of corticosteroids, were receiving some other treatment for fatigue, or had an uncontrolled seizure disorder. The study was conducted from June 2013 to December 15, 2019. Interventions: Patients were randomized to 150 mg of armodafinil, 250 mg of armodafinil, or placebo for a total of 8 weeks with assessments at weeks 4 and 8. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was efficacy in treating cancer-related fatigue. Secondary outcomes included safety, neurocognitive function, and quality of life. Patients were evaluated at baseline and at weeks 4 and 8. Efficacy between the placebo and the 2 doses of study drug was determined by an improvement by 2 points on the 0 to 10 brief fatigue inventory scale. Kruskal-Wallis and χ2tests were used and followed by confirmatory analyses. Results: A total of 328 patients were enrolled, of whom 297 had evaluable end point data. Of these, 103 received 150 mg of armodafinil (mean [SD] age, 58.5 [11.9] years; 42 women [40.8%]), 97 250 mg of armodafinil (mean [SD] age, 56.6 [12.5] years; 37 women [38.1%]), and 97 placebo (mean [SD] age, 57.1 [12.5] years; 39 women [40.2%]). There was no difference in the proportion of patients who achieved clinically meaningful fatigue reduction between arms (28% [95% CI 20%-30%] for 150 mg of armodafinil, 28% [95% CI 19%-38%] for 250 mg of armodafinil, and 30% [95% CI 21%-40%] for placebo). There was a statistically significant reduction in global fatigue for corticosteroid users compared with nonusers (-0.7 [95% CI, -1.5 to -0.3] vs -1.7 [95% CI, -2.1 to -1.3]; P <.001). More patients (2 vs 7) reported insomnia with treatment with 250 mg of armodafinil. Conclusions and Relevance: The results of this randomized clinical trial found no meaningful benefit of using treatment with armodafinil to reduce cancer-related fatigue in patients with HGG. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01781468. ER  - 
Multicenter study evaluating factors associated with treatment outcome for low back pain injections$$$ Background There has been a worldwide surge in interventional procedures for low back pain (LBP), with studies yielding mixed results. These data support the need for identifying outcome predictors based on unique characteristics in a pragmatic setting. Methods We prospectively evaluated the association between over two dozen demographic, clinical and technical factors on treatment outcomes for three procedures: epidural steroid injections (ESIs) for sciatica, and sacroiliac joint (SIJ) injections and facet interventions for axial LBP. The primary outcome was change in patient-reported average pain intensity on a numerical rating scale (average NRS-PI) using linear regression. For SIJ injections and facet radiofrequency ablation, this was average LBP score at 1 and 3 months postprocedure, respectively. For ESI, it was average leg pain 1- month postinjection. Secondary outcomes included a binary indicator of treatment response (success). Results 346 patients were enrolled at seven hospitals. All groups experienced a decrease in average NRS-PI (p<0.0001; mean 1.8±2.6). There were no differences in change in average NRS-PI among procedural groups (p=0.50). Lower baseline pain score (adjusted coefficient -0.32, 95% CI -0.48 to -0.16, p<0.0001), depressive symptomatology (adjusted coefficient 0.076, 95% CI 0.039 to 0.113, p<0.0001) and obesity (adjusted coefficient 0.62, 95% CI 0.038 to 1.21, p=0.037) were associated with smaller pain reductions. For procedural outcome, depression (adjusted OR 0.94, 95% CI 0.91, 0.97, p<0.0001) and poorer baseline function (adjusted OR 0.59, 95% CI 0.36, 0.96, p=0.034) were associated with failure. Smoking, sleep dysfunction and non-organic signs were associated with negative outcomes in univariate but not multivariate analyses. Conclusions Identifying treatment responders is a critical endeavor for the viability of procedures in LBP. Patients with greater disease burden, depression and obesity are more likely to fail interventions. Steps to address these should be considered before or concurrent with procedures as considerations dictate. Trial registration number NCT02329951. ER  - 
A case of wernicke encephalopathy in a patient with autism disorder and restrictive eating$$$ Purpose Wernicke encephalopathy (WE) is an acute neurodegenerative condition characterized by confusion, ophthalmoplegia, and gait ataxia. While most frequently seen in chronic alcoholism due to thiamine deficiency, WE can occur in other scenarios where there is poor nutrition. Recognizing WE in other high-risk patients is important as delay in treatment can lead to permanent neurological deficits, coma, and death. Methods Retrospective Chart Review. (Case presentation) Results The patient is a 16-year-old female with a medical history significant for autism disorder, restrictive eating with weight loss, and epilepsy who presented with intractable nausea and emesis requiring intravenous hydration. The patient was diagnosed and treated for H. pylori with improvement of her symptoms. Several days into her hospital stay, she developed cranial nerve six palsy, confusion, and ataxia. CT head and ophthalmology exam were not suggestive of increased intracranial pressure. MRI brain with and without contrast revealed T2 hyperintensity of the hypothalamus, bilateral mamillary bodies, paramedian thalami, and periaqueductal gray matter consistent with Wernicke- Korsakoff Syndrome. The patient was given high dose parenteral Thiamine with improvement in cranial nerve palsy, confusion, and gait. Thiamine level obtained prior to supplementation was low. Patient was continued on oral thiamine supplementation and was admitted to inpatient rehabilitation for neurorehabilitation. Conclusions It is important to recognize children and adolescents who might be at increased risk for thiamine deficiency as WE is an uncommon disease in the pediatric population and dextrose containing intravenous fluids (commonly used in pediatric rehydration protocols) are known to precipitate or exacerbate WE. Identification of high-risk patients can also lead to early diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Retrospective Pediatric Telepalliative Care Experience$$$ Background: Rady Children's Hospital (RCH) offers an outpatient pediatric palliative clinic that began offering telepalliative care in 2016. Objectives: This study describes demographics of parents receiving pediatric telepalliative care, patient/family satisfaction with telepalliative care, and patient/family perspectives. Design: Retrospective electronic medical record chart review (2016-2020) of telepalliative patients at RCH (San Diego, USA), including satisfaction surveys. Documented quotes from telepalliative care consultations were analyzed thematically. Results: Fifty-six patients were seen through 181 telepalliative visits. Demographics: Forty-three percent were female and 32% were Hispanic/Latino. Ages ranged from 3 months to 25 years. Average Palliative Performance Scale was 47%. Seventy-nine percent used gastrostomy tubes for nutrition, but only 29% used home ventilation. Eighty-two percent completed a Physician Order for Life-Sustaining Treatment. Goals for 84% of patients were for life prolongation and attempt resuscitation. Visits averaged 86 minutes. Twenty-five surveys were returned: 92% felt very satisfied and 96% said the video visit was the same, better, or much better than an in-person visit. Sixty-four percent said the video visit was more convenient and 68% felt the video visit was safer. Identified themes from telepalliative consultations included advocacy for their child, challenges surrounding care for children with complex medical needs, medical team communication, caregiver support, facing uncertainty, and decision making. Conclusions and Implications: Pediatric patients receiving telepalliative care varied in demographics, functional status, and goals of care. Telepalliative care can provide good quality of care and patient satisfaction. In a telepalliative setting, parents were able to communicate challenging aspects of care including navigating uncertainty, finding support, and decision making. ER  - 
Pediatric acute stroke team activation: Differentiating stroke from mimics$$$ Acute pediatric stroke is a medical emergency requiring prompt recognition and treatment because quicker treatment improves neurologic outcomes and reduces excess resource usage on stroke mimics (non-stroke diagnoses). There is a clear need to better differentiate between strokes and their mimics. We performed a single center retrospective cohort study using data from March 1, 2017 to December 31, 2020. We included pediatric patients (> 1m to < 18y) evaluated in the tertiary children's hospital ED for a stroke team activation. We compared clinical features for patients with stroke and those with a stroke mimic. Of 179 children included in the study (55% female, mean age 11.2y, SD 5.7y), 38 children (21% of total patients, 50% female, mean age 10.5 SD, 6.2 years) were diagnosed with stroke. Strokes included acute ischemic stroke (AIS) (73.7%), hemorrhagic stroke (HS) (18.4%), and cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) (10.5%). The most common stroke mimics were seizure (14.5%), headache (10.5%), Bell's palsy (5.6%), and conversion disorder (2.7%). Compared to mimics, stroke patients were less likely to have a history of neurosurgery (16.3% mimic vs 2.6% stroke, p=0.028) and more likely to have altered level of alertness (7.7% vs 18.4%, p=0.001), abnormal coordination (15.7% vs 36.4%, p=0.036), abnormal muscle strength (33.1% vs 57.9%, p=0.005) and abnormal reflexes (18.9% vs 43.8%, p=0.018). Of note, there were no significant differences in stroke and mimics for: age, sex, race, ethnicity, basic metabolic panel or CBC, and time from last seen well. Differentiating between strokes and mimics remains difficult without comprehensive diagnostic testing. Our study found that stroke patients are more likely present with altered level of alertness as well as abnormal coordination, muscle strength, and reflexes. ER  - 
Development and Application of the International Classification of Cognitive Disorders in Epilepsy (IC-CoDE): Initial Results From a Multi-Center Study of Adults With Temporal Lobe Epilepsy$$$ Objective: To describe the development and application of a consensus-based, empirically driven approach to cognitive diagnostics in epilepsy research—The International Classification of Cognitive Disorders in Epilepsy (IC-CoDE) and to assess the ability of the IC-CoDE to produce definable and stable cognitive phenotypes in a large, multi-center temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) patient sample. Method: Neuropsychological data were available for a diverse cohort of 2,485 patients with TLE across seven epilepsy centers. Patterns of impairment were determined based on commonly used tests within five cognitive domains (language, memory, executive functioning, attention/processing speed, and visuospatial ability) using two impairment thresholds (≤1.0 and ≤1.5 standard deviations below the normative mean). Cognitive phenotypes were derived across samples using the IC-CoDE and compared to distributions of phenotypes reported in existing studies. Results: Impairment rates were highest on tests of language, followed by memory, executive functioning, attention/processing speed, and visuospatial ability. Application of the IC-CoDE using varying operational definitions of impairment (≤1.0 and ≤1.5 SD) produced cognitive phenotypes with the following distribution: cognitively intact (30%–50%), single-domain (26%–29%), bi-domain (14%–19%), and generalized (10%–22%) impairment. Application of the ≤1.5 cutoff produced a distribution of phenotypes that was consistent across cohorts and approximated the distribution produced using data-driven approaches in prior studies. Conclusions: The IC-CoDE is the first iteration of a classification system for harmonizing cognitive diagnostics in epilepsy research that can be applied across neuropsychological tests and TLE cohorts. This proof-of-principle study in TLE offers a promising path for enhancing research collaborations globally and accelerating scientific discoveries in epilepsy. ER  - 
Epilepsy-Related Mortality in Children and Young Adults in Denmark A Nationwide Cohort Study$$$ Background and Objectives Mortality is increased in epilepsy, but the important issue is that a proportion of epilepsy-related death is potentially preventable by optimized therapy and therefore needs to be identified. A new systematic classification of epilepsy-related mortality has been suggested to identify these preventable deaths. We applied this classification to an analysis of premature mortality in persons with epilepsy who were <50 years of age. Methods The study was a population-based retrospective cohort of all Danish citizens with and without epilepsy 1 to 49 years of age during 2007 to 2009. Information on all deaths was retrieved from the Danish Cause of Death Registry, autopsy reports, death certificates, and the Danish National Patient Registry. The primary cause of death in persons with epilepsy was evaluated independently by 3 neurologist, 1 neuro-pediatrician, and 2 cardiologists. In case of uncertainty, a pathologist was consulted. All deaths were classified as either epilepsy related or not epilepsy related, and the underlying causes or modes of death were compared between persons with and without epilepsy. Results During the study period, 700 deaths were identified in persons with epilepsy, and 440 (62.9%) of these were epilepsy related, 169 (38%) directly related to seizures and 181 (41%) due to an underlying neurologic disease. Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy accounted for 80% of deaths directly related to epilepsy. Aspiration pneumonia was the cause of death in 80% of cases indirectly related to epilepsy. Compared with the background population, persons with epilepsy had a nearly 4-fold increased all-cause mortality (adjusted mortality hazard ratio 3.95 [95% confidence interval [CI] 3.64-4.27], p < 0.0001) and a higher risk of dying of various underlying causes, including alcohol-related conditions (hazard ratio 2.91 [95% CI 2.23-3.80], p < 0.0001) and suicide (hazard ratio 2.10 [95% CI 1.18-3.73], p = 0.01). Discussion The newly proposed classification for mortality in persons with epilepsy was useful in an unselected nationwide cohort. It helped in classifying unnatural causes of death as epilepsy related or not and in identifying potentially preventable deaths. The leading causes of premature mortality in persons <50 years of age were related to epilepsy and were thus potentially preventable by good seizure control. ER  - 
Brain SPECT as an Imaging Biomarker for Evaluating Effects of Novel Treatments in Psychiatry–A Case Series$$$ The difficulties of evaluating patients with complex neuropsychiatric conditions and prescribing appropriate treatments are well known. Imaging complements clinical assessments and allows a clinician to narrow the differential diagnosis by facilitating accurate and efficient evaluation. This is particularly relevant to neuropsychiatric conditions that are often diagnosed using a trial-and error process of exclusion. Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT) is a functional brain imaging procedure that allows practitioners to measure the functional changes of gray matter structures based on regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF). The accurate diagnosis and treatment selection in psychiatry is challenging due to complex cases and frequent comorbidities. However, such complex neuropsychiatric conditions are increasingly benefitting from new treatment approaches, in addition to established medications. Among these are combination transcranial magnetic stimulation with ketamine infusions (CTK), hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) and perispinal administration of etanercept (PSE). This article provides readers with six case study examples that demonstrate how brain SPECT imaging can be used, both as a diagnostic tool, and as a potential biomarker for monitoring and evaluating novel treatments for patients with complex neuropsychiatric conditions. Six patients were assessed in our clinic and baseline brain SPECT imagesTourettes and a long history of alcohol were visually compared with SPECT images collected after periods of treatment with CTK or HBOT followed by PSE. This retrospective review demonstrates the clinical utility of these novel treatments and describes how SPECT imaging can complement standard diagnostic assessments. A novel display technique for SPECT images is described and we argue that SPECT imaging can be used for monitoring biomarker for clinical change. ER  - 
Parkinson's Disease With Visual Hallucinations Is Associated With Epileptiform Activity on EEG$$$ Background: Visual hallucinations (VHs) in Parkinson's disease (PD) are the cardinal symptoms which declare the onset of PD psychosis (PDP). The anthropomorphic and zoomorphic VHs of PD resemble those of Charles Bonnet syndrome and temporal lobe epilepsy. In both of these disorders electroencephalography (EEG) abnormalities have been described. We therefore sought to examine whether VHs in PD were associated with similar EEG abnormalities. Methods: This retrospective observational study searched the medical records of 300 PD patients and filtered for those containing clinical 20-min scalp EEGs. Remaining records were separated into two groups: patients with reported VHs and those without. The prevalence of epileptiform discharges in the EEGs of both groups was identified. Results: Epileptiform discharges were present in 5 of 13 (38.5%) PD patients with VHs; all localized to the temporal lobe. No epileptiform discharges were observed in the EEGs of the 31 PD patients without VHs. Conclusion: The significantly high incidence of temporal lobe epileptiform discharges in PD patients with VHs as compared to those without VHs lends to the possibility of an association visual cortex epileptogenic focus. Accordingly, for treatment-refractory patients, antiepileptic drugs might be considered, as in the case of Charles Bonnet syndrome, temporal lobe epilepsy and migraine with visual aura. Future prospective studies involving larger samples and multi-center cohorts are required to validate these observational findings. ER  - 
Sleep-related hypermotor epilepsy with genetic diagnosis: description of a case series in a tertiary referral hospital$$$ Introduction: Sleep-related hypermotor epilepsy (SHE) is characterized by asymmetric tonic/dystonic posturing and/or complex hyperkinetic seizures occurring mostly during sleep. Experts agree that SHE should be considered a unique syndrome. PURPOSE: We present 8 cases of SHE for which a genetic diagnosis was carried out using a multigene epilepsy panel. Methods: We retrospectively screened familial and isolated cases of SHE in current follow-ups in our center. Results: We included 8 (5F/3M) patients, 5 of whom had a positive familial history of epilepsy. We identified a pathogenic mutation in CHRNA4, CHRNB2, and 3 different pathogenic changes in DEPDC5. Conclusions: Awareness of SHE needs to be raised, given its implications for finding an appropriate treatment, its relationship to cognitive and psychiatric comorbidities, and the opportunity to prevent the disorder in the descendants. We present our series with their clinical, radiological, electroencephalographic, and genetic characteristics, in which we found 3 pathogenic mutations in the DEPDC5 gene but not previously reported in the literature. Identifying new pathogenic mutations or new genes responsible for SHE will facilitate a better understanding of the disease and a correct genetic counseling. ER  - 
Intrinsic Brain Activity in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy With and Without Depression: Insights From EEG Microstates$$$ Background: Depression is the most common psychiatric comorbidity of temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). In the recent years, studies have focused on the common pathogenesis of TLE and depression. However, few of the studies focused on the dynamic characteristics of TLE with depression. We tested the hypotheses that there exist abnormalities in microstates in patients with TLE with depression. Methods: Participants were classified into patients with TLE with depression (PDS) (n = 19) and patients with TLE without depression (nPDS) (n = 19) based upon the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-V). Microstate analysis was applied based on 256-channel electroencephalography (EEG) to detect the dynamic changes in whole brain. The coverage (proportion of time spent in each state), frequency of occurrence, and duration (average time of each state) were calculated. Results: Patients with PDS showed a shorter mean microstate duration with higher mean occurrence per second compared to patients with nPDS. There was no difference between the two groups in the coverage of microstate A–D. Conclusion: This is the first study to present the temporal fluctuations of EEG topography in comorbid depression in TLE using EEG microstate analysis. The temporal characteristics of the four canonical EEG microstates were significantly altered in patients with TLE suffer from comorbid depression. ER  - 
A combination of green tea, rhodiola, magnesium and B vitamins modulates brain activity and protects against the effects of induced social stress in healthy volunteers$$$ Background: Magnesium (Mg), green tea and rhodiola extracts have, in isolation, been shown to possess stress and anxiety relieving effects. Green tea and rhodiola have been shown to modulate EEG oscillatory brain activity associated with relaxation and stress perception. The combined capacity of these ingredients to confer protective effects under conditions of acute stress has yet to be examined. We tested the hypothesis that a combination of Mg (with B vitamins) + green tea + rhodiola would acutely moderate the effects of stress exposure. Methods: A double blind, randomised, placebo controlled, parallel group design was employed (Clinicaltrials.gov:NCT03262376; 25/0817). One hundred moderately stressed adults received oral supplementation of either (i) Mg + B vitamins + green tea + rhodiola; (ii) Mg + B vitamins + rhodiola; (iii) Mg + B vitamins + green tea; or (iv) placebo. After supplementation participants were exposed to the Trier Social Stress Test. The effects of the study treatments on electroencephalogram (EEG) resting state alpha and theta, subjective state/mood, blood pressure, heart rate variability and salivary cortisol responses after acute stress exposure were assessed. Results: The combined treatment significantly increased EEG resting state theta (p <.02)–considered indicative of a relaxed, alert state, attenuated subjective stress, anxiety and mood disturbance, and heightened subjective and autonomic arousal (p <.05). Conclusions: Mg, B vitamins, rhodiola and green tea extracts are a promising combination of ingredients that may enhance coping capacity and offer protection from the negative effects of stress exposure. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03262376. ER  - 
Risk factors for non-adherence among people with HIV-associated TB in Karnataka, India: A case–control study$$$ Setting: Five select districts of Karnataka, India, providing anti-tubercular and antiretroviral therapy (ATT and ART) to people with Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) - associated Tuberculosis (TB) through a single window care approach at the ART centres (seven ART centres and 16 link ART centres). Objectives: To determine the factors associated with non-adherence to concurrent therapy. Design: We conducted a case–control study involving primary and secondary data collection. Starting January 2019, we consecutively enrolled people on at least three months of ATT until we enrolled 125 cases (non-adherent to concurrent therapy) and 375 controls (adherent to concurrent therapy). Adherence was defined as taking >95% ART doses and >90% ATT doses, every month over the last three months. We performed multivariable logistic regression to identify factors associated with non-adherence. Results: The mean age of the cases and control was similar: 39.8 (standard deviation: 8.8) years. The risk factors for non-adherence were status non-disclosure (aOR = 2.06), zidovudine-based ART (aOR = 4.87), >3 side effects (aOR = 6.45), not receiving counselling before ATT initiation (aOR = 5.25) and non-receipt of co-trimoxazole prophylaxis (aOR = 9.90). Conclusion: Major determinants for non-adherence were clinical and treatment related factors. ER  - 
Increased ciliary neurotrophic factor in blood serum and lacrimal fluid as a potential biomarkers of focal epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To evaluate ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF) level in blood serum (BS) and lacrimal fluid (LF) of people with epilepsy (PWE). Methods: A case-control study of 72 consecutive patients with focal epilepsy (cases, epilepsy group) and 60 age- and gender-matched healthy volunteers (controls) was performed. Based on comorbid depression, two subgroups of PWE were formed. CNTF level was measured by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in the BS and LF. For measurements of low CNTF levels in the BS, the methodology previously improved by the authors was applied. Results: As compared to controls, CNTF level (pg/mL) in PWE was increased both in the BS (7.0±2.9 vs. 3.7±2.0, P<0.000) and in LF (34.0±8.0 vs. 30.6±4.8, P=0.005). No significant correlation was found between CNTF level in the BS and LF either in PWE or in controls. No impact of comorbid depression or any demographic or clinical parameters studied on CNTF level in the BS or LF of PWE could be detected. Conclusions: In patients with focal epilepsy, CNTF level is increased both in the BS and LF, though without correlation between them. No association of CNTF levels with age, gender, or clinical parameters, as well as depression occurrence, was found. High CNTF levels in the BS and LF could be considered as non-invasive biomarkers of focal epilepsy. ER  - 
Evaluation of a new body-focused group therapy versus a guided self-help group program for adults with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES): a pilot randomized controlled feasibility study$$$ Objective: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), a common phenomenon in neurological settings, are regarded as a paroxysmal type of functional neurological disorder (FND). In a substantial proportion, PNES are disabling with poor long-term outcomes and high economic costs. Despite the clinical and financial consequences of PNES, there is still a lack of controlled clinical trials on the treatment of this challenging disorder. The study aims to evaluate the feasibility and collect first evidence of the efficacy of a group based-intervention in PNES-patients. Methods: A pilot randomized controlled feasibility study with a parallel-group design was performed in adult outpatients with PNES to evaluate a new body-focused group therapy (CORDIS) versus guided self-help groups. Self-assessment of dissociation (Dissociation Experience Scale—DES-20) and seizure severity (Liverpool Seizure Severity Scale—LSSS) were assessed two weeks before and two weeks after the treatment intervention and also six months after treatment as primary outcome parameters. Results: A total of 53 patients were recruited from a specialized outpatient clinic, and out of those, 29 patients completed either the body-focused group therapy program (n = 15) or a guided self-help group (SHG) therapy (n = 14). When analyzing the ITT sample (n = 22 CORDIS group, n = 20 SHG), both groups showed an effect on seizure severity and level of dissociation. In the per protocol sample (n = 13 CORDIS group, n = 12 SHG), CORDIS was superior to the self-help group for reducing seizure severity 6 months after the treatment. Significance: CORDIS is a newly developed body-focused group therapy program for adults with PNES. Further studies should include a multicentric design with a higher number of participants. ER  - 
Clinical effects and outcomes of perampanel overdoses reported to U.S. poison centers$$$ Introduction: Perampanel is indicated for partial onset seizures in children and adults. The mechanism is unique among antiepileptic agents as it inhibits glutamate activity on AMPA receptors. Currently, there are few published case reports describing overdose. Methods: This is a retrospective observational study of all single substance perampanel ingestions from January 2014 to December 2019 reported to the national poison data system (NPDS). The primary outcome is to describe the clinical effects of perampanel exposures. Secondary outcomes include evaluation of management and investigation of a dose–effect relationship for the purpose of triaging acute unintentional exposures. Results: A total of 138 exposures were reported to NPDS since the release of the agent. Median age was 20 years (IQR 10–38) with 68 (49.3%) males. The reason for exposure was most commonly therapeutic error (80, 58.0%), followed by exploratory ingestion (24, 17.4%), and suicidal ingestion (14, 10.1%). A total of six (4.3%) patients developed major effects, 20 (14.5%) moderate, 32 (23.2%) minor effects and 22 (15.9%) no effect. An additional 54 (39.1%) cases were not followed. Almost half of cases were managed at home. Of those that were in a healthcare facility (HCF) (n = 72), most were treated/evaluated and released (31, 43.1%), followed by admission to a non-critical care unit (20, 27.8%), and critical care unit (13, 18.1%). Most frequently reported symptoms were drowsiness (27, 19.6%), agitation (20, 14.5%), ataxia (13, 9.4%), and confusion (12, 8.7%). The most common therapies provided in a HCF were intravenous fluids (22,30.6%), followed by benzodiazepines (14, 19.4%), then other types of sedation (9, 12.5%). There were too few cases to determine a dose cut off for triaging. Conclusions: While drowsiness, agitation, ataxia, and confusion were the most often reported symptoms, close to 19% developed moderate/major effects and almost 4% of patients received potentially life-saving interventions. ER  - 
Use and caregiver-reported efficacy of medical cannabis in children and adolescents in Switzerland$$$ Evidence on the use and efficacy of medical cannabis for children is limited. We examined clinical and epidemiological characteristics of medical cannabis treatment and caregiver-reported effects in children and adolescents in Switzerland. We collected clinical data from children and adolescents (< 18 years) who received Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), cannabidiol (CBD), or a combination of the two between 2008 and 2019 in Switzerland. Out of 205 contacted families, 90 agreed to participate. The median age at the first prescription was 11.5 years (interquartile range (IQR) 6–16), and 32 patients were female (36%). Fifty-one (57%) patients received CBD only and 39 (43%) THC. Patients were more likely to receive THC therapy if one of the following symptoms or signs were present: spasticity, pain, lack of weight gain, vomiting, or nausea, whereas seizures were the dominant indication for CBD therapy. Improvements were reported in 59 (66%) study participants. The largest treatment effects were reported for pain, spasticity, and frequency of seizures in participants treated with THC, and for those treated with pure CBD, the frequency of seizures. However, 43% of caregivers reported treatment interruptions, mainly because of lack of improvement (56%), side effects (46%), the need for a gastric tube (44%), and cost considerations (23%). Conclusions: The effects of medical cannabis in children and adolescents with chronic conditions are unknown except for rare seizure disorders, but the caregiver-reported data analysed here may justify trials of medical cannabis with standardized concentrations of THC or CBD to assess its efficacy in the young.What is Known:• The use of medical cannabis (THC and CBD) to treat a variety of diseases among children and adolescents is increasing.• In contrast to adults, there is no evidence to support the use of medical cannabis to treat chronic pain and spasticity in children, but substantial evidence to support the use of CBD in children with rare seizure disorders.What is New:• This study provides important insights into prescription practices, dosages, and treatment outcomes in children and adolescents using medical cannabis data from a real-life setting.• The effects of medical cannabis in children and adolescents with chronic conditions shown in our study support trials of medical cannabis for chronic conditions. ER  - 
A multifaceted quality improvement intervention to improve management of alcohol withdrawal on a general medicine ward: impact on benzodiazepine use$$$ Objective: To measure the effects of a quality improvement intervention on length of stay and benzodiazepine use among patients admitted for alcohol use disorder. Methods: This retrospective cohort study was performed at the Salt Lake City Veterans Affairs Medical Center. Patients 18 years and older admitted to a general medical ward with a diagnosis of alcohol related disorders who were treated for alcohol withdrawal were included. The baseline cohort included patients admitted over 12 months. The post-intervention cohort included patients admitted over 12 months. Primary outcomes were total benzodiazepine dose and length of stay. Secondary outcomes included episodes of delirium tremens and seizures. Results: Total benzodiazepine dose decreased significantly over the intervention period. Length of stay also decreased. No episodes of delirium tremens or seizures were observed. Conclusions: A quality improvement intervention directed at general medicine inpatients admitted for alcohol withdrawal was associated with reductions in total benzodiazepine administration and length of stay. ER  - 
Eye drops for dry eye disease during pregnancy and adverse neonatal outcomes: high-dimensional propensity score analyses$$$ We investigated the association between exposure to eye drops prescribed for dry eye disease (DED) during pregnancy and adverse neonatal outcomes. Pregnant women with DED in the JMDC Claims Database (JMDC Inc., Tokyo, Japan) between 2005 and 2020 were included. According to their prescriptions during the first trimester, the women were classified into three exposed groups (hyaluronate 0.1% alone, hyaluronate 0.3% alone, and diquafosol alone) and an unexposed group (no eye drops for DED). We compared adverse neonatal outcomes (congenital anomalies, preterm birth, low birthweight, and composite outcome of these three) between the exposed and unexposed groups. We conducted a high-dimensional propensity score analysis using many variables in the database together with known potential confounders such as chronic comorbidities. We identified 4,808 eligible women, of whom 936 (19.5%) received eye drops for DED. Congenital anomalies occurred in 7.2% and 6.0%, preterm birth in 3.1% and 4.0%, low birthweight in 7.9% and 6.0%, and composite outcome in 14.9% and 12.3% of women in the hyaluronate 0.1% alone and unexposed groups, respectively. The high-dimensional propensity score analysis showed that hyaluronate 0.1% alone was not significantly associated with increases in congenital anomalies (risk difference, 0.4% [95% confidence interval, −1.9% to 2.7%]), preterm birth (−0.6% [−2.2% to 0.9%]), low birthweight (1.8% [−0.6% to 4.1%]), or composite outcome (1.9% [−1.3% to 5.1%]). Similar results were obtained in the hyaluronate 0.3% alone and diquafosol alone groups. Use of eye drops for DED in pregnant women was not associated with adverse neonatal outcomes. ER  - 
Outcomes of pregnancy and childbirth in women with hidradenitis suppurativa$$$ Background: Many women affected by hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) are of childbearing age. To date, the literature is limited on pregnancy-related outcomes for women with HS. Objective: To investigate maternal and obstetric outcomes and treatment utilization among women with HS. Methods: This retrospective analysis used the IBM MarketScan Commercial Claims Database. Pregnant women with HS (n = 998) and 5:1 age-matched pregnant women without HS (n = 5065) were identified and information on claims related to diagnoses, procedures, and medications were analyzed. Results: Compared to women without HS, pregnant women with HS had significantly lower odds of having a live birth (odds ratio [OR], 0.45; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.39-0.51) and significantly higher odds of having elective terminations (OR, 2.51; 95% CI, 2.13-2.96), gestational hypertension (OR, 1.44; 95% CI, 1.12-1.84), and cesarean deliveries (OR, 1.28; 95% CI, 1.06-1.55), and of receiving HS designated treatment during pregnancy (OR, 4.41; 95% CI, 3.56-5.46). Limitations: Retrospective and convenience sampling and absence of clinical information to correlate HS severity and outcomes. Conclusion: Pregnant women with HS have an increased probability of select complicated maternal and obstetric outcomes. Women planning for pregnancy or who are currently pregnant may benefit from coordinated care by dermatologists and obstetric providers. ER  - 
Four Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Subgroups, Defined by Autoantibodies Status, Differ Regarding HLA-DRB1 Genotype Associations and Immunological and Clinical Manifestations$$$ Objective: The heterogeneity of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) constitutes clinical and therapeutical challenges. We therefore studied whether unrecognized disease subgroups can be identified by using autoantibody profiling together with HLA-DRB1 alleles and immunological and clinical data. Methods: An unsupervised cluster analysis was performed based on detection of 13 SLE-associated autoantibodies (double-stranded DNA, nucleosomes, ribosomal P, ribonucleoprotein [RNP] 68, RNPA, Smith [Sm], Sm/RNP, Sjögren's syndrome antigen A [SSA]/Ro52, SSA/Ro60, Sjögren's syndrome antigen B [SSB]/La, cardiolipin [CL]-Immunoglobulin G [IgG], CL–Immunoglobulin M [IgM], and β2 glycoprotein I [β2GPI]–IgG) in 911 patients with SLE from two cohorts. We evaluated whether each SLE subgroup is associated with HLA-DRB1 alleles, clinical manifestations (n = 743), and cytokine levels in circulation (n = 446). Results: Our analysis identified four subgroups among the patients with SLE. Subgroup 1 (29.3%) was dominated by anti-SSA/Ro60/Ro52/SSB autoantibodies and was strongly associated with HLA-DRB1*03 (odds ratio [OR] = 4.73; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 4.52-4.94). Discoid lesions were more common for this disease subgroup (OR = 1.71, 95% CI = 1.18-2.47). Subgroup 2 (28.7%) was dominated by anti-nucleosome/SmRNP/DNA/RNPA autoantibodies and associated with HLA-DRB1*15 (OR = 1.62, 95% CI = 1.41-1.84). Nephritis was most common in this subgroup (OR = 1.61, 95% CI = 1.14-2.26). Subgroup 3 (23.8%) was characterized by anti-ß2GPI-IgG/anti-CL–IgG/IgM autoantibodies and a higher frequency of HLA-DRB1*04 compared with the other patients with SLE. Vascular events were more common in Subgroup 3 (OR = 1.74, 95% CI = 1.2-2.5). Subgroup 4 (18.2%) was negative for the investigated autoantibodies, and this subgroup was not associated with HLA-DRB1. Additionally, the levels of eight cytokines significantly differed among the disease subgroups. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that four fairly distinct subgroups can be identified on the basis of the autoantibody profile in SLE. These four SLE subgroups differ regarding associations with HLA-DRB1 alleles and immunological and clinical features, suggesting dissimilar disease pathways. ER  - 
Regional brain atrophy and aberrant cortical folding relate to anxiety and depression in patients with traumatic brain injury and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are characterized by multifocal and global abnormalities in brain function and connectivity. Only a few studies have examined neuroanatomic correlates of PNES. Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is reported in 83% of patients with PNES and may be a key component of PNES pathophysiology. In this study, we included patients with TBI preceding the onset of PNES (TBI-PNES) and TBI without PNES (TBI-only) to identify neuromorphometric abnormalities associated with PNES. Methods: Adults diagnosed with TBI-PNES (n = 62) or TBI-only (n = 59) completed psychological questionnaires and underwent 3-T magnetic resonance imaging. Imaging data were analyzed by voxel- and surface-based morphometry. Voxelwise general linear models computed group differences in gray matter volume, cortical thickness, sulcal depth, fractal dimension (FDf), and gyrification. Statistical models were assessed with permutation-based testing at 5000 iterations with the Threshold-Free Cluster Enhancement toolbox. Logarithmically scaled p-values corrected for multiple comparisons using familywise error were considered significant at p <.05. Post hoc analyses determined the association between structural and psychological measures (p <.05). Results: TBI-PNES participants demonstrated atrophy of the left inferior frontal gyrus and the right cerebellum VIII. Relative to TBI-only, TBI-PNES participants had decreased FDf in the right superior parietal gyrus and decreased sulcal depth in the left insular cortex. Significant clusters were positively correlated with global assessment of functioning scores, and demonstrated varying negative associations with measures of anxiety, depression, somatization, and global severity of symptoms. Significance: The diagnosis of PNES was associated with brain atrophy and reduced cortical folding in regions implicated in emotion processing, regulation, and response inhibition. Cortical folds primarily develop during the third trimester of pregnancy and remain relatively constant throughout the remainder of one’s life. Thus, the observed aberrations in FDf and sulcal depth could originate early in development. The convergence of environmental, developmental, and neurobiological factors may coalesce to reflect the neuropathophysiological substrate of PNES. ER  - 
Mortality and acute somatic events following electroconvulsive therapy in patients with pre-existing somatic comorbidity–A register-based nationwide Danish cohort study$$$ Objective: To examine whether electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is associated with risk of mortality and acute somatic events in patients with or without somatic comorbidity. Methods: A total of 174,495 patients with an affective disorder, of whom 41% had somatic comorbidity, were followed from 2005 through 2018 for ECT, mortality, and acute somatic outcomes using Danish registers. The association of ECT with outcomes was estimated using Cox proportional hazard regression. Results: Patients, of whom 6943 (4.0%) had ECT, were followed for a median of 6.7 years. Compared to non-ECT treated patients, ECT was associated with a lower risk of death from natural causes, which was independent of somatic comorbidity. ECT was not associated with the risk of acute somatic events neither in patients with somatic comorbidity nor in patients without somatic comorbidity, except for cardiac events within 0–30 days of follow-up after the first ECT, for which there was a 3.7-fold higher risk in patients with no somatic comorbidity. This analysis, however, was based on few events. Conclusion: In modern clinical practice, in patients with affective disorders and somatic comorbidity, ECT is not associated with a higher risk of death from natural causes or acute somatic events. ER  - 
The Association Between Medical Comorbidity and Psychotherapy Processes and Outcomes for Major Depressive Disorder in a Community Mental Health Setting$$$ Many individuals seeking mental health services for depression often suffer from a comorbid medical condition. The goal of the present study was to assess the presence of medical comorbidity in a community mental health center setting that primarily serves a Medicare and Medicaid population, characterize the types of comorbid medical conditions experienced in this setting, and explore the association between medical conditions on the alliance, attrition from services, and outcome. Medical diagnoses were collected from patient charts and structured clinical interviews from 353 participants who had a baseline assessment as part of a comparative effectiveness study of cognitive and dynamic therapies for major depressive disorder. We calculated the Charlson Comorbidity Index and the number of total medical diagnoses for each patient. Results from this study revealed that a high percentage of patients in this setting experienced a comorbid medical condition. No significant associations were found between the number of medical conditions or the Charlson Comorbidity Index and the alliance. No significant relationship was found between the number of medical conditions or the Charlson Comorbidity Index and early attrition from treatment or treatment outcome. However, exploratory analyses found that presence of a nervous system disorder was associated with relatively poorer treatment outcomes after initial engagement. Implications of these findings are discussed. Treatments for major depressive disorder may benefit from addressing the impact of medical disorders on physical functioning. ER  - 
Adverse effects associated with bupropion therapeutic errors in adults reported to four United States Poison Centers$$$ Context: Bupropion is a frequently used medication. Excessive doses may cause altered mental status, seizures, and dysrhythmias. There is a need for accurate estimate of seizure risk with therapeutic errors and determination if minor symptoms are harbingers of more severe effects. Methods: A retrospective review of adult, acute, unintentional therapeutic error, single substance bupropion ingestions with known outcome reported to four poison centers from January 1, 2004 to December 31, 2016. Data included age, gender, single error dose, total bupropion dose over 18 h, prior history of seizure, management site, observation time, occurrence of an out-of-hospital adverse event, “jittery”/anxious/agitated, tachycardia/palpitations, seizures, and dysrhythmias. We recorded the total bupropion dose over 18 h if known; otherwise, we used the single error dose. We compared means for parametric data. We used Fisher’s exact test and Mann–Whitney for nonparametric data. Results: We identified 754 potential cases, of which 637 met inclusion criteria after case review. Median age was 42 years, and 76.1% were female. Cases were predominantly managed at home (56.2%). Outcomes were no effect (50.1%), minor (45.5%) and moderate (4.4%). The reported dose with no effect/minor outcome was 694 (±297) mg, and for moderate outcome was 1250 (±815) mg (p < 0.0001). Seizures occurred in four patients with median onset time of 7 h [range 2–21.5 h]. The median reported dose in patients who seized was 900 mg [range 600–3000 mg]. Of patients who developed a seizure and/or an out-of-hospital adverse event, 83% were “jittery”/anxious/agitated whereas “jittery”/anxious/agitated was present in 27% of cases that did not (p = 0.008). Tachycardia/palpitations was reported in 12% of cases; more serious dysrhythmias were not reported. Conclusions: Outcomes from single unintentional ingestions of bupropion in adults are overall mild and appear to be dose related. Home management may be an option with doses up to 900 mg in an appropriate patient population. ER  - 
Sex differences in age of diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder: Preliminary evidence from Uganda$$$ This study was performed to determine (a) the age at which autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is first diagnosed in Ugandan children receiving mental health services, (b) whether age at diagnosis varies by sex and clinical presentation, and (c) the average age of ASD diagnosis in children manifesting comorbid conditions. A retrospective chart review was performed and demographic as well as clinical data were collected from children with ASD diagnoses who attended two mental health clinics in Uganda between 2014 and 2019. Descriptive statistics such as percentages, means, and standard deviations were used to summarize the data. Independent t-test was also performed to determine differences in the mean age of diagnosis between males and females. Two hundred and thirty-seven (156 males, 81 females) children with ASD were identified. The average age of ASD diagnosis was (6.9 ± 4.0) years. A statistically significant difference in age of ASD diagnosis was found between males and females (t = −2.106, p = 0.036), such that on average females received a diagnosis at least 1 year later than males. Of the 237 participants, 53.6% were identified with ASD only, 16.0% had ASD and ADHD, 10.5% were diagnosed with ASD and epilepsy, and 7.2% had a diagnosis of complex ASD. The results confirm delays in access to ASD diagnosis and suggest that females are more likely to receive a ASD diagnosis later than males within the Ugandan context. ASD awareness should be intensified to improve public or professional knowledge about ASD to enhance early identification in Uganda. ER  - 
Superlatives in news articles reporting non-FDA approved indications for use of cannabis and cannabis products with a focus on psychiatric disorders: a cross-sectional analysis$$$ The exaggerated language used in news articles to describe the benefits of cannabis for conditions without FDA indications may mislead the public and healthcare providers. Thus, this study's objective was to investigate the use of exaggerated language in news articles focused on cannabis and cannabis-derived products. Using a cross-sectional study design, we searched Google News from March 3, 2020, and September 3, 2019 for 11 prespecified superlative terms along with the search terms “cannabis,” “cannabidiol,” “pot,” “marijuana,” “weed,” and “CBD.” Articles were evaluated for these exaggerative terms describing cannabis and cannabis-derived products along with additional news article characteristics. Screening and data extraction occurred in a masked, duplicate fashion. We identified 612 superlative terms in 374 different news articles focused on cannabis and cannabis-derived products from 262 news outlets. Only 26 (of 374, 7.0%) news articles provided clinical data. In total, superlative terms were used to describe cannabis and cannabis-derived products for the treatment of 91 medical conditions, of which only 2 are FDA approved. The most common psychiatric disorder indicated was anxiety disorder appearing in 88 news articles. Superlatives in news articles covering the treatment of psychiatric illnesses with cannabis and cannabis-derived products are common. ER  - 
Brain diseases and aspiration pneumonia in older person$$$ Objective: Age-related brain symptoms (gait, speech and swallowing difficulties, and dementia) increase the risk of aspiration pneumonia (AP). It is not known which types of brain disease underlie AP most closely. Our neurogeriatric team addressed this issue herein. Patients and Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the cases of in-patients diagnosed with AP at our multi-faculty university hospital within a 12-month recruiting period, with a 3.0 ± 2.5-week follow-up and ≥1×/week visits. We determined the patients' organic and neural disorders with neuroimaging to the extent possible. Results: The AP patients (n = 136) were generally old (mean age 75 years, range 3-98 years) and male-dominant (81 males, 55 females). All patients showed gait and attention/cognitive problems at admission, suggestive of encephalopathy/delirium. They were treated in 11 hospital wards: neurology (N) or non-N (ratio ~1:1.3). The ratio of organic disorders (esophageal carcinoma, etc) vs neural disorders was ~1:30. Most of the neural disorders were age-related brain diseases, eg, a combination of white matter disease (WMD) and Alzheimer's disease (AD), followed by dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB). In total, they were WMD in 111, AD in 102, DLB in 20. Conclusion: A combination of premorbid age-related brain diseases (a combination of WMD and AD, DLB, etc) with encephalopathy/delirium (and intrinsic brain diseases) might lead to AP. ER  - 
Use of prescription medications associated with weight gain among US adults, 1999-2018: A nationally representative survey$$$ Objective: This study aimed to evaluate trends in the use of obesogenic medications among adults. Methods: Cross-sectional data on adults aged ≥20 years are from the 1999 to 2018 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (n = 52,340). Obesogenic medications were defined according to the 2015 Endocrine Society guidelines on the pharmacological management of obesity. Weight status was categorized according to BMI. Trends in prior 30-day use were evaluated. Results: In NHANES 2017-2018, 20.3% of US adults used an obesogenic medication. Beta-blockers (9.8%) and antidiabetics (5.7%) were the most common; antipsychotics (1.0%) were the least common. Most common indications were disorders of glucose metabolism, hypertension, neuralgia or neuritis, heart disease, and musculoskeletal pain and/or inflammation. From 1999 to 2018, the proportional use of obesogenic medications increased for anticonvulsants (34.4% to 55.0%) but decreased for antidepressants (32.1% to 18.8%), antidiabetics (82.9% to 52.5%), and beta-blockers (83.9% to 80.7%). The proportional use of obesogenic medications was not associated with weight status, except for antipsychotics. Conclusions: Use of obesogenic medications was common. Differences in the proportional use of obesogenic medication may reflect changing availability of obesogenic versus nonobesogenic medications over time. The decision to prescribe a nonobesogenic alternative, if one exists, is guided by weighing the risks and benefits of available treatments. ER  - 
Quality-of-Life Outcomes, Effectiveness and Tolerability of Apremilast in Patients with Plaque Psoriasis and Routine German Dermatology Care: Results from LAPIS-PSO$$$ Introduction: Psoriasis is a systemic inflammatory disease characterised by pruritic skin lesions that impair quality of life (QOL). Long-Term Documentation of the Utilization of Apremilast in Patients with Plaque Psoriasis under Routine Conditions (LAPIS-PSO; ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02626793) was a 52-week, prospective, multicentre, observational cohort study conducted in real-world dermatology clinical settings in Germany. We evaluated physician- and patient-reported outcomes for QOL, effectiveness and tolerability in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis vulgaris in LAPIS-PSO. Methods: The primary endpoint was the percentage of patients achieving Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) score ≤ 5 or ≥ 5-point improvement from baseline in DLQI score at visit 2 (~ 4 months after baseline). Secondary endpoints included assessments of symptoms and disease severity. Tolerability was evaluated based on adverse events (AEs). A pre-defined subgroup analysis based on baseline Physician’s Global Assessment (PGA) score (2 or 3 versus 4) was performed. Data were examined descriptively through visit 5 (~ 13 months) using the last-observation-carried-forward (LOCF) approach and data as observed. Results: In total, 257 patients were included for efficacy assessment. On LOCF analysis, most patients achieved the primary endpoint at visit 2 (66.5%); DLQI response was maintained at visit 5 (72.4%). Earlier treatment response was observed in patients with a PGA score of 2 or 3 versus 4 (visit 1 PASI ≤ 3: 20.5% versus 10.8%). Adverse events were consistent with the known safety profile of apremilast. Conclusions: In routine clinical care in Germany, patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis benefited from apremilast treatment up to ~ 13 months, consistent with findings from clinical trials, with a good safety profile. ER  - 
Management of Pregabalin Use Disorder: A Case Series$$$ Pregabalin is indicated for the treatment of partial epilepsy, generalized anxiety disorder, and neuropathic pain. The first reports on pregabalin use disorder have been published in Europe in 2010 and notified to the French Addictovigilance Network (FAN) in 2011. The management of pregabalin use disorder is challenging due to the risks associated with the abrupt withdrawal and lack of guidelines. In this retrospective observational study, the management of pregabalin use disorder was analyzed in eight cases reported to the addictovigilance center of Montpellier, France, between 2019 and 2020. Most of these patients had a history of illicit psychoactive substance use. During the withdrawal period, patients experienced mainly psychiatric problems, nervous system symptoms, general disorders, and gastrointestinal symptoms. Multiple strategies were proposed for these patients to manage pregabalin withdrawal, such as hospitalization and pregabalin gradual dose reduction with or without adjuvant medications. Two patients relapsed and the others were lost to follow up. Although other reports of pregabalin use disorder have been published, recommendations or guidelines for its management are not yet available. The current case series and the previous reports suggest that the use of adjunctive therapy may be useful to limit the risk of convulsions and anxiety. ER  - 
Clinical features, investigations, and outcomes of pediatric limbic encephalitis: A multicenter study$$$ Objectives: To describe the clinical presentation, investigations, management, and disease course in pediatric autoimmune limbic encephalitis (LE). Methods: In this retrospective observational study, from the UK Childhood Neuroinflammatory Disease network, we identified children from six tertiary centers with LE <18 years old between 2008 and 2021. Clinical and paraclinical data were retrieved from medical records. Results: Twenty-five children fulfilling LE criteria were identified, with median age of 11 years (IQR 8, 14) and median follow-up of 24 months (IQR 18, 48). All children presented with seizures; 15/25 (60%) were admitted to intensive care. Neuroimaging demonstrated asymmetric mesial temporal changes in 8/25 (32%), and extra-limbic changes with claustrum involvement in 9/25 (38%). None were positive for LGI1/CASPR2 antibodies (Abs), 2/25 were positive for serum anti-NMDAR Abs, and 2/15 positive for anti-Hu Abs; one died from relapsing neuroblastoma. Two children had serum and CSF anti-GAD antibodies. Initial immune therapy included steroids in 23/25 (92%), intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) in 14/25 (56%), and plasma exchange in 7/25 (28%). The commonest second-line treatment was rituximab in 15/25 (60%). Median duration of hospital admission was 21 days (IQR 11, 30). At last follow-up, 13/25 (52%) had refractory seizures and 16/25 (64%) had memory impairment. Six children (24%) had modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores ≥3. There was no significant difference in mRS, or long-term cognitive and epilepsy outcomes in those who received rituximab versus those who did not. Interpretation: A diagnosis of autoimmune LE was associated with significant morbidity and adverse outcomes in this pediatric cohort. ER  - 
Efficacy of tacrolimus as long-term immunotherapy for neuronal surface antibody-mediated autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Aims: We aimed to verify the efficacy and safety of tacrolimus as long-term immunotherapy for the treatment of neuronal surface antibody-mediated autoimmune encephalitis (AE) during the first attack. Methods: In this retrospective observational cohort study, patients with neuronal surface antibody-mediated AE who experienced the first attack were enrolled. We compared the outcomes of 17 patients who received tacrolimus with those of 47 patients treated without tacrolimus. Patients were assessed at onset and 3, 6, and 12 months, as well as at the last follow-up, by using the modified Rankin scale (mRS) and the Clinical Assessment Scale in Autoimmune Encephalitis (CASE). The efficacy of tacrolimus was also compared in a subgroup of patients with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis. Results: Among all patients with neuronal surface antibody-mediated AE, those receiving tacrolimus had lower median mRS scores [1 (IQR = 0–1) versus 2 (IQR = 1–3) in controls, p = 0.001)], CASE scores [2 (IQR = 1–3) versus 3 (IQR = 2–7), p = 0.006], and more favorable mRS scores (94.1% versus 68.1%, p = 0.03) at the 3-month follow-up. No difference was found at the last follow-up. There was no significant difference in the occurrence of relapse and adverse events between the two groups (11.8% versus 14.9%, p = 0.75). In the subgroup of patients with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, patients treated with tacrolimus had a lower median mRS score at the 3-month follow-up [1 (IQR = 0–2) versus 2 (IQR = 1–3), p = 0.03]; however, no difference in the outcome was detected at the last follow-up. Conclusion: Tacrolimus can be used as long-term immunotherapy in patients with neuronal surface antibody-mediated AE during the first attack. Treatment with tacrolimus appears to accelerate the clinical improvement of neuronal surface antibody-mediated AE. ER  - 
Intimate partner violence and COVID-19 among reproductive age women: A community-based cross-sectional survey, Ethiopia$$$ Introduction: Intimate partner violence is one of the most common psychological, physical, and sexual assaults toward women which suit the entire life of women, and nowadays, the magnitude accelerates due to coronavirus pandemic. Hence, this study was aimed to examine the prevalence of intimate partner violence and predictors during coronavirus among childbearing-age residents in Debre Berhan. Methods: A community-based cross-sectional survey was employed from 1 May to 1 July 2020. Eight items of women abuse screening tool were used to estimate intimate partner violence. Trained data collectors directly interview randomly selected participants. The data were entered using Epi-info V. 7 and analyzed using SPSS V. 23. Descriptive statistics were used to determine the prevalence of intimate partner violence and the frequency distribution of other variables. During bivariate analysis, predictor variables with a p-value less than 0.25 were nominated to further analysis. An adjusted odds ratio with a 95% confidence interval was used and a p-value less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Result: A total of 700 participants were included with a response rate of 95.1%. The prevalence of intimate partner violence in the past single year was 19% with 95% confidence interval = 16.1–21.9. Besides, the prevalence of emotional (19.9%, 95% confidence interval = 16.9–22.8), sexual (10.9%, 95% confidence interval = 8.6–13.2) and physical (9.4%, 95% confidence interval = 7.3–11.6) violence was reported. Women with depressive symptoms, overweight, suicidal ideation, and body image disturbance were significantly associated with intimate partner violence, but not educational status, employment, income, stressful life events, lifetime alcohol use, suicidal attempt, and abortion. Conclusion and recommendation: Nearly one out of five interviewed participants had intimate partner violence. Being overweight, having poor body image, and having depression increase intimate partner violence. Special preventive measures and treatment, and other legal services should be taken to alleviate the predictor variables and intimate partner violence. ER  - 
Violent suicide attempt history in elderly patients with bipolar disorder: The role of sex, abdominal obesity, and verbal memory: Results from the FACE-BD cohort (FondaMental Advanced center of Expertise for Bipolar Disorders)$$$ Background: Bipolar disorder (BD) is a chronic, lifelong condition, associated with increased risk of obesity, cognitive impairment, and suicidal behaviors. Abdominal obesity and a higher risk of violent suicide attempt (SA) seem to be shared correlates with older age, BD, and male sex until middle age when menopause-related female body changes occur. This study aimed at assessing the role of abdominal obesity and cognition in the violent SA burden of individuals with BD. Methods: From the well-defined nationwide cohort FACE-BD (FondaMental Advanced center of Expertise for Bipolar Disorders), we extracted data on 619 euthymic BD patients that were 50 years or older at inclusion. Cross-sectional clinical, cognitive, and metabolic assessments were performed. SA history was based on self-report. Results: Violent SA, in contrast to non-violent and no SA, was associated with higher waist circumference, abdominal obesity and poorer California Verbal Learning Test short-delay free recall (CVLT-SDFR) (ANOVA, p <.001, p =.014, and p =.006). Waist circumference and abdominal obesity were associated with violent SA history independently of sex, BD type and anxiety disorder (Exp(B) 1.02, CI 1.00–1.05, p =.018; Exp(B) 2.16, CI 1.00–4.64, p =.009, accordingly). In an exploratory model, waist circumference and CVLT-SDFR performance mediated the association between male sex and violent SA. Limitations: Cross-sectional design and retrospective reporting. Conclusions: Violent SA history was associated with abdominal obesity and poorer verbal memory in older age BD patients. These factors were interlinked and might mediate the association between male sex and violent SA. ER  - 
Parent Mental Health and Family Coping over Two Years after the Birth of a Child with Acute Neonatal Seizures$$$ Little is known about parent and family well-being after acute neonatal seizures. In thus study, we aimed to characterize parent mental health and family coping over the first two years after their child’s neonatal seizures. Parents of 303 children with acute neonatal seizures from nine pediatric hospitals completed surveys at discharge and 12-, 18-and 24-months corrected age. Outcomes included parental anxiety, depression, quality of life, impact on the family, post-traumatic stress and post-traumatic growth. We used linear mixed effect regression models and multivariate analysis to examine relationships among predictors and outcomes. At the two-year timepoint, parents reported clinically significant anxiety (31.5%), depression (11.7%) and post-traumatic stress (23.7%). Parents reported moderately high quality of life and positive personal change over time despite ongoing challenges to family coping. Families of children with longer neonatal hospitalization, functional impairment, post-neonatal epilepsy, receiving developmental support services and families of color reported poorer parental mental health and family coping. Parents of color were more likely to report symptoms of post-traumatic stress and positive personal change. Clinicians caring for children with neonatal seizures should be aware of lasting risks to parent mental health and family coping. Universal screening would enable timely referral for support services to mitigate further risk to family well-being and child development. ER  - 
Differences in clinical features associated with cannabis intoxication in presentations to European emergency departments according to patient age and sex$$$ Objective: To investigate if clinical features associated with acute cannabis intoxication in patients presenting to Emergency Departments for medical assistance differ according to patient age and sex. Methods: We analysed presentations in the Euro-DEN Plus dataset from 2014 to 2019 in which cannabis was the only drug involved (except for alcohol), and age, sex and alcohol co-ingestion had been recorded. Age was considered as categorical (five groups; <20, 20–29, 30–39, 40–49 and ≥50 years), and sex as binary variable (male/female). We evaluated 12 key clinical features recorded during emergency department (ED) care. Risks of presenting with each of these clinical features according to patient age and sex were calculated by logistic regression models, and adjusted for sex, age and alcohol co-ingestion. Results: 4,268 of 43,633 Euro-DEN presentations (9.8%) fulfilled the inclusion criteria (median age: 26 years (IQR = 20–34), 70% male, 52% co-ingested alcohol). The frequency of clinical features was: anxiety 28%, vomiting 24%, agitation 23%, palpitations 14%, reduced consciousness 13%, acute psychosis 9%, hallucinations 9%, chest pain 7%, headache 6%, hypotension 4%, hypertension 3% and seizures 2%. Patients younger than 20 years more frequently had vomiting (34.7% of cases), reduced consciousness (21.5%), and headache (10.8%); and less frequently acute psychosis (5.5%). Patients older than 49 years more often had hypotension (6.5%) and less frequently vomiting (20%), anxiety (14%), agitation (14%) and reduced consciousness (10%). Males more frequently presented with hypertension (3.7 vs. 1.5%; OR = 2.311, 95%CI = 1.299–3.816), psychosis (10.4 vs 6.3%; 1.948, 1.432–2.430), chest pain (8.1 vs 4.5%; 1.838, 1.390–2.430) and seizures (2.5 vs 1.4%; 1.805, 1.065–3.060), and less frequently with vomiting (21.8 vs 28.2%; 0.793, 0.677–0.930), anxiety (25.4 vs 32.3%; 0.655, 0.561–0.766) and hypotension (2.9 vs 5.8%; 0.485, 0.350–0.671). Conclusions: The prevalence of some clinical features typically associated with acute cannabis intoxication differed according to age and sex. The causes for these differences should be further investigated in order to better understand the pathophysiology of cannabis-related acute toxicity, and they may be relevant particularly for developing prevention campaigns and for treatment in specific sex and/or age groups. ER  - 
Real-world healthcare resource utilization and costs associated with tisagenlecleucel and axicabtagene ciloleucel among patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma: an analysis of hospital data in the United States$$$ This study compared the real-world healthcare resource utilization (HRU), costs, adverse events (AEs), and AE treatments associated with the chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapies, tisagenlecleucel (tisa-cel) and axicabtagene ciloleucel (axi-cel), for relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (r/r DLBCL). Adults with DLBCL who received tisa-cel or axi-cel were identified in the Premier Healthcare Database (2017–2020). Non-CAR-T costs, HRU, and AE rates during the infusion and follow-up periods were compared between the tisa-cel and axi-cel cohorts. Of 119 patients, 33 received tisa-cel (86% as inpatient infusion) and 86 received axi-cel (100% inpatient). Tisa-cel was associated with significantly shorter mean inpatient length of stay than axi-cel during infusion (11.3 vs. 18.3 days) and follow-up ([monthly] 3.9 vs. 6.9 days). Non-CAR-T costs were significantly lower for tisa-cel compared with axi-cel during infusion ($27594.8 vs. $51378.3) and follow-up ([monthly] $28777.3 vs. $46575.7; both p<.05). Rates of AEs and AE treatments were similar. ER  - 
Long-term treatment with galcanezumab in patients with chronic migraine: results from the open-label extension of the REGAIN study$$$ Background: Galcanezumab, a monoclonal antibody to calcitonin gene-related peptide, was found to be safe and efficacious for the preventive treatment of chronic migraine based on the randomized, placebo-controlled double-blind period of the REGAIN study. Long-term safety and efficacy were assessed in an open-label extension. Methods: Patients 18–65 years old with chronic migraine completing the 3-month double-blind period of REGAIN could enter a 9-month open-label extension (OLE; months 4–12). Upon entering the OLE, patients received a 240-mg galcanezumab loading dose, then 120 mg at the next month, with flexible dosing thereafter (120 or 240 mg/month). The primary efficacy measure was the mean change in the number of monthly migraine headache days from double-blind baseline to month 12. Other endpoints included response rates (based on percent reduction in monthly migraine headache days from double-blind baseline to month 12), safety and tolerability. Results: Of patients who completed double-blind treatment, 1022 (99%) entered the OLE, with 81% completing month 12. From a baseline of 19.4 monthly migraine headache days at the beginning of the double-blind period, patients at month 12 in the previous placebo, 120-mg, and 240-mg galcanezumab groups had a mean change of −8.5, −9.0, and −8.0, respectively (SE = 0.43 to 0.55, within-group p’s <.001). At month 12, the percentage of patients with ≥50% response was 57%, 57%, and 53%, respectively. Percentage with ≥75% response was 32%, 31%, and 30%, respectively. Percentage with 100% response was 8%, 6%, and 6%, respectively. There were no significant new safety findings during the open-label period. The incidence of discontinuation from the OLE due to adverse events was 5%. Conclusion: Galcanezumab was effective, safe, and well-tolerated, with high adherence, for up to 12 months of treatment in patients with chronic migraine. Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT02614261; www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02614261. ER  - 
Side effects of messenger RNA vaccines and prior history of COVID-19, a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: There are concerns regarding immunogenicity with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) mRNA vaccines among persons with prior history of COVID-19 (PHC). This study was to analyze the short-term side effects of mRNA vaccines among health care workers (HCWs) with and without PHC. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed using an independent online survey questionnaire that gathered responses from HCWs. Results: Among 1,475 HCWs, 1268 (85.97%) completed the survey, 102/1268 (44/447 in Moderna group and 58/821 in Pfizer-BioNTech group) reported PHC during pre-vaccination period. Symptoms of flushing/P = .05, brain fogging/P= .005, vertigo/P= .041, numbness/P= .023, diarrhea/P= .047, hives/P= .028, itching/P= .028, swelling of lips/mouth/P= .001, shortness of breath/P= .022, and anxiety/P= .048 have greater occurrence among Pfizer-BioNtech group with PHC when compared to Pfizer-BioNtech group with no PHC. Symptoms of chills/P= .027, flushing/P= .045, tremor/P= .05, muscle spasm/P= .039, vomiting/P= .031, diarrhea/P= .015, and cough/P= .011 have higher occurrence among Moderna group with PHC when compared to Moderna group with no PHC. Conclusions: Few short-term side effects among mRNA vaccine recipients with PHC may have necessitated transient time-off from work. The PHC can be considered as a predictor for severity of side effects. While the vaccination program continues in the United States, a future COVID legislation that mandates vaccination among employees along with paid time off provision may help with higher compliance and acceptance. ER  - 
Factors related to orientation of search for dental care in high risk pregnancy$$$ Objectives: To relate the search for dental care during pregnancy to sociodemographic, gestational and dental characteristics. Methods: Quantitative approach study with cross-sectional design carried out with high-risk pregnant women, from January to May 2018. Statistical analysis was performed using Pearson's chi-square association test and Fisher's exact test, followed by logistic regression analysis and odds ratio calculation. Results: The final sample was composed of 190 pregnant women and the guidance for seeking dental care was significantly related to issues related to Prenatal Dental Care, regarding safety (p = 0.025), effective search (p < 0.0001) and the Unit Basic Health Care as a place of assistance (p = 0.0018). Pregnant women who did not receive search guidance are 19.6 more likely to not seek this service (p <0.001), when they seek it without guidance, they have 6.3 more chances to seek private services (p = 0.014) and when they do not receive guidance, they are 4.5 more likely to not feel secure in relation to this assistance (p = 0.005).Conclusion: The guidance and encouragement provided by the health team is paramount in pregnant woman's decision to seek assistance, especially in the context of Primary Health Care, and is characterized as a strategic tool in reducing insecurities related to dental treatment during pregnancy. ER  - 
Low-dose ketamine does not improve the speed of recovery from depression in electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a well-established therapeutic intervention for major depressive disorder. Recent literature has shown that the anesthetic agent ketamine has some antidepressant properties at low doses and may be an alternative therapy for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder. We hypothesized that the use of low-dose ketamine as an anesthetic adjunct in ECT would more rapidly improve depression while maintaining hemodynamic stability than ECT with propofol alone. Methods: Institutional ethics approval was obtained, and the use of ketamine in this study was approved by Health Canada. This is a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial that involved ketamine administration at 0.5 mg/kg IV in addition to propofol anesthesia for ECT. The primary outcome was the number of ECT treatments required to achieve a 50% reduction in the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Secondary outcomes included the number of ECT treatments required to achieve a 25% reduction in MADRS score, as well as any differences in the Clinical Global Impression Scale for Severity, hemodynamic variables, and seizure duration. Adverse events were recorded for safety assessment. Results: A total of 45 patients completed the study. No difference was found between groups with respect to the primary or secondary outcomes. The ketamine group showed a trend towards a decreased dose of propofol required to achieve adequate anesthesia. No adverse events were reported. Conclusion: Low-dose ketamine does not improve psychiatric outcomes in the setting of propofol-based anesthesia for ECT. Specifically, ketamine did not reduce the number of ECT sessions necessary to achieve a 50 or 25% reduction in MADRS scores. Reassuringly, the fact that no differences in hemodynamic variables or unexpected adverse events occurred suggests that low-dose ketamine may be safely used in this setting should clinical indications warrant its use. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02579642 ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation for drug-resistant epilepsy induced by tuberous sclerosis complex$$$ Objective: This study investigated the dynamic and long-term efficacy of vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) induced by tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). In addition, the impact of VNS on cognition and emotion after a one-year follow-up was evaluated. Methods: A total of 17 patients diagnosed with DRE induced by TSC were retrospectively recruited between 2008 and 2019. Dynamic changes in seizure frequency were observed in the responders (≥50% reduction of seizure frequency at last follow-up) and non-responders. Clinical characteristics and seizure outcomes were comprehensively analyzed to determine factors associated with seizure outcomes. The Wechsler intelligence scale was applied in a subgroup of six pediatric patients, whereas the Self-rating Anxiety Scale (SAS) and Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS) were assessed in a subgroup of nine patients to determine the impact of VNS therapy on cognitive performance and emotional state. Results: The follow-up duration for the 17 patients who underwent VNS treatment ranged from 0.5 to 10 years (mean ± SD: 4.1 ± 3.2 years). Monthly seizures decreased significantly from three months to four years post-treatment (p < 0.05). At the last follow-up, 70.6% of the patients achieved at least a 50% reduction in seizure frequency, and three patients were completely seizure free. Comparatively, non-responder patients experienced deterioration of seizure frequency after the first year. Notably, after one-year follow-up the mean standard score of full-scale intelligence quotient increased from 67.33 to 69.5 (p = 0.078) while the mean, standard score of SDS decreased from 49.22 to 45.67 (p = 0.003) compared to preoperative neuropsychological evaluation results. Conclusion: VNS is a safe and effective treatment for patients with DRE caused by TSC. Although early outcomes were encouraging, a follow-up of at least one-year was required to predict long-term outcomes in patients receiving VNS treatment. Moreover, VNS may improve depressive mood in patients with DRE caused by TSC. Further investigations are needed to validate the present results. ER  - 
Incident epilepsy in the cognitively normal geriatric population, irrespective of seizure control, impairs quality of life$$$ Purpose of the research: The geriatric population is the fastest-growing population in the United States and the impact of incident epilepsy on the cognitively intact geriatric population is not well-studied. Understanding how epilepsy affects the elderly is important to improve the quality of treatment and care for our aging population. This study sought to address the impact of incident epilepsy on the perceived Quality of Life (QOL) in cognitively intact elderly using the SF-36 questionnaire. Methods: Nine hundred and twenty-seven participants were assessed from a community-based cohort. Based on a history of subsequent development of new-onset seizures, participants were divided into two groups, an incident seizure group that developed new-onset seizures after 65 years of age and the control group without incident seizures. Of this, six hundred eleven were analyzed with the SF-36 questionnaire after excluding for cognitive decline and inconsistent medical data. Principal results: Statistically significant differences were found in 9 items on SF-36, involving perception of increased physical disability (p < 0.01; t-test), frailty (p < 0.04; t-test), emotional health limitations (p < 0.03; t-test), anxiety and sadness (p < 0.04; t-test), problems interfering with social activities (p < 0.0001; t-test). No between-group differences were found for demographic variables including age, education, gender, or minority status. Among the 611 subjects who remained cognitively normal across all longitudinal visits, 12 reported a history of new-onset seizures. Ten of these 12 subjects were seizure free as a result of treatment, with only 2 experiencing recent seizures. The incidence of seizures in our population was 300 per 100,000 person years. Major conclusions: This study identified the elderly population with incident epilepsy as a subgroup with an unmet health need, and healthcare professionals should address the potential impact of seizures with their geriatric patients to ensure comprehensive care. ER  - 
A community-targeted implementation of self-management for people with epilepsy and a history of negative health events (SMART): A research and community partnership to reduce epilepsy burden$$$ Aims: Self-management for people with epilepsy and a history of negative health events (SMART) is a behavioral intervention that has been demonstrated to reduce epilepsy-related complications and improve physical and mental health functioning among people with epilepsy (PWE) [1]. The Community-SMART (C-SMART) initiative was a 4-month prospective implementation of feasibility and pre/post outcomes of SMART in a community setting and in collaboration with key epilepsy service stakeholders. Methods: Self-management for people with epilepsy and a history of negative health events is a group-format, entirely virtual intervention delivered in eight 60–90 sessions over the course of 8–10 weeks. The C-SMART initiative used research staff to guide intervention performance evaluation and staff of a regional epilepsy advocacy agency to assist with community engagement. Process evaluations included outreach and engagement efforts needed to reach PWE, the barriers and facilitators to roll-out, and participant retention and satisfaction. Outcomes included depressive symptoms and epilepsy self-management competency. Results: Thirty individuals were enrolled in 3 “cohorts” of approximately 10 PWE per cohort. Mean age of participants was 48.50 (standard deviation 16.15) years, 60% were female and 53.3% were African-American. Individuals had epilepsy, on average, for over 2 decades, were on approximately 2 prescribed antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and had an average of just over 6 seizures in the last 30 days. Over 63% had a comorbid mental health condition. There were 23 individuals (76.7%) who were retained at the 4-month follow-up. Baseline to 4-month outcomes for depression and epilepsy self-management were significantly improved. Most (90%) of participants reported high levels of satisfaction with the program. Conclusions: The SMART epilepsy self-management program can be successfully implemented in partnership with epilepsy-focused community partners, is acceptable to participants and associated with improved outcomes. Future work might consider how to make virtual epilepsy self-management available to the full spectrum of PWE. ER  - 
Coffee consumption and seizure frequency in patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy$$$ Objective: To assess the relation between coffee consumption and seizure frequency in patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of data collected in the SAVE study, which included patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy during long-term EEG monitoring. Patients in whom both coffee consumption and data about seizure frequency, including focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (FBTCS), were available were selected. Coffee consumption was collected using a standardized self-report questionnaire and classified into four groups: none, rare (from less than 1 cup/week to up 3 cups/week), moderate (from 4 cups/week to 3 cups/day), and high (more than 4 cups/day). Results: Six hundred and nineteen patients were included. There was no relation between coffee consumption and total seizure frequency (p = 0.902). In contrast, the number of FBTCS reported over the past year was significantly associated with usual coffee consumption (p = 0.029). Specifically, number of FBCTS in patients who reported moderate coffee consumption was lower than in others. In comparison with patients with moderate coffee consumption, the odds ratio (95%CI) for reporting at least 1 FBTCS per year was 1.6 (1.03–2.49) in patients who never take coffee, 1.62 (1.02–2.57) in those with rare consumption and 2.05 (1.24–3.4) in those with high consumption. Multiple ordinal logistic regression showed a trend toward an association between coffee consumption and number of FBTCS (p = 0.08). Conclusions and relevance: Our data suggest that effect of coffee consumption on seizures might depend on dose with potential benefits on FBTCS frequency at moderate doses. These results will have to be confirmed by prospective studies. ER  - 
Safety, efficacy, and tolerability of memantine for cognitive and adaptive outcome measures in adolescents and young adults with Down syndrome: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 trial$$$ Background: Down syndrome is a chromosomal disorder with considerable neurodevelopmental impact and neurodegenerative morbidity. In a pilot trial in young adults with Down syndrome, memantine (a drug approved for Alzheimer's disease) showed a significant effect on a secondary measure of episodic memory. We aimed to test whether memantine would improve episodic memory in adolescents and young adults with Down syndrome. Methods: We did a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 trial with a parallel design, stratified by age and sex. Participants (aged 15–32 years) with either trisomy 21 or complete unbalanced translocation of chromosome 21 and in general good health were recruited from the community at one site in Brazil and another in the USA. Participants were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive either memantine (20 mg/day orally) or placebo for 16 weeks. Computer-generated randomisation tables for both sites (allocating a placebo or drug label to each member of a unique pair of participants) were centrally produced by an independent statistician and were shared only with investigational pharmacists at participating sites until unblinding of the study. Participants and investigators were masked to treatment assignments. Neuropsychological assessments were done at baseline (T1) and week 16 (T2). The primary outcome measure was change from baseline to week 16 in the California Verbal Learning Test–second edition short-form (CVLT-II-sf) total free recall score, assessed in the per-protocol population (ie, participants who completed 16 weeks of treatment and had neuropsychological assessments at T1 and T2). Linear mixed effect models were fit to data from the per-protocol population. Safety and tolerability were monitored and analysed in all participants who started treatment. Steady-state concentrations in plasma of memantine were measured at the end of the trial. This study is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02304302. Findings: From May 13, 2015, to July 22, 2020, 185 participants with Down syndrome were assessed for eligibility and 160 (86%) were randomly assigned either memantine (n=81) or placebo (n=79). All participants received their allocated treatment. Linear mixed effect models were fit to data from 149 (81%) participants, 73 in the memantine group and 76 in the placebo group, after 11 people (eight in the memantine group and three in the placebo group) discontinued due to COVID-19 restrictions, illness of their caregiver, adverse events, or low compliance. The primary outcome measure did not differ between groups (CVLT-II-sf total free recall score, change from baseline 0·34 points [95% CI –0·98 to 1·67], p=0·61). Memantine was well tolerated, with infrequent mild-to-moderate adverse events, the most common being viral upper respiratory infection (nine [11%] participants in the memantine group and 12 [15%] in the placebo group) and transient dizziness (eight [10%] in the memantine group and six [8%] in the placebo group). No serious adverse events were observed. Amounts of memantine in plasma were substantially lower than those considered therapeutic for Alzheimer's disease. Interpretation: Memantine was well tolerated, but cognition-enhancing effects were not recorded with a 20 mg/day dose in adolescents and young adults with Down syndrome. Exploratory analyses point to a need for future work. Funding: Alana Foundation. Translation: For the Portuguese translation of the abstract see Supplementary Materials section. ER  - 
Effectiveness of rosuvastatin plus colchicine, emtricitabine/tenofovir and combinations thereof in hospitalized patients with COVID-19: a pragmatic, open-label randomized trial$$$ Background: The use of rosuvastatin plus colchicine and emtricitabine/tenofovir in hospitalized patients with SARS-CoV-2 disease (COVID-19) has not been assessed. The objective of this study was to assess the effectiveness and safety of rosuvastatin plus colchicine, emtricitabine/tenofovir, and their combined use in these patients. Methods: This was a randomized, controlled, open-label, multicentre, parallel, pragmatic study conducted in six referral hospitals in Bogotá, Colombia. The study enrolled hospitalized patients over 18 years of age with a confirmed diagnosis of COVID-19 complicated with pneumonia, not on chronic treatment with the study medications, and with no contraindications for their use. Patients were assigned 1:1:1:1. 1) emtricitabine with tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (FTC/TDF, 200/300 mg given orally for 10 days); 2) colchicine plus rosuvastatin (COLCH+ROSU, 0.5 mg and 40 mg given orally for 14 days); 3) emtricitabine with tenofovir disoproxil plus colchicine and rosuvastatin at the same doses and for the same period of time (FTC/TDF+COLCH+ROSU); or 4) the Colombian consensus standard of care, including a corticosteroid (SOC). The primary endpoint was 28-day all-cause mortality. A modified intention-to-treat analysis was used together with a usefulness analysis to determine which could be the best treatment. The trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04359095 Findings: Out of 994 candidates considered between August 2020 and March 2021, 649 (65.3%) patients agreed to participate and were enrolled in this study; among them, 633 (97.5%) were included in the analysis. The mean age was 55.4 years (SD ± 12.8 years), and 428 (68%) were men; 28-day mortality was significantly lower in the FTC/TDF+COLCH+ROSUV group than in the SOC group, 10.7% (17/159) vs. 17.4% (28/161) (hazard ratio [HR] 0.53; 95% CI 0.29 to 0.96). Mortality in the FTC/TDF group was 13.8% (22/160, HR 0.68, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.20) and 14.4% in the COLCH+ROSU group (22/153) (HR 0.78, 95% CI 0.44 to 1.36). A lower need for invasive mechanical ventilation was observed in the FTC/TDF+COLCH+ROSUV group than in the SOC group (risk difference [RD] - 0.08, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.04). Three patients presented severe adverse events, one severe diarrhoea in the COLCH+ROSU and one in the FTC/TDF+COLCH+ROSU group and one general exanthema in the FTC/TDF group. Interpretation: The combined use of FTC/TDF+COLCH+ROSU reduces the risk of 28-day mortality and the need for invasive mechanical ventilation in hospitalized patients with pulmonary compromise from COVID-19. More randomized controlled trials are needed to compare the effectiveness and cost of treatment with this combination versus other drugs that have been shown to reduce mortality from SARS-CoV-2 infection and its usefulness in patients with chronic statin use. ER  - 
Long-term neurodevelopmental outcome in discordant twin : A nationwide population-based study in South Korea$$$ Objective: Discordant twin is associated with increased perinatal mortality and/or morbidities. The long-term neurodevelopmental outcome has been evaluated in a few studies with small number of cases and the results are conflicting. In this nationwide population-based study, we aimed to evaluate the long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes between the birthweight discordant twin (≥20%) and concordant twins, and between the larger and the smaller twin within the pairs. Study Design: This retrospective observational cohort study included term twin neonates born between 2007 and 2010 by merging the databases of the Korea National Health Insurance claims and National Health Screening Program for Infants and Children. Subjects were divided into 2 groups according to the inter-twin birthweight discordancy (Group A, discordancy < 20%; Group B, discordancy ≥20%). The risk of adverse long-term neurodevelopmental outcome was compared between the two groups, and we further analyzed the risk within twin pairs. The adverse long-term neurodevelopmental outcome was defined as the presence of at least one of the followings: Motor developmental delay, cognitive developmental delay, autism spectrum/attention deficit hyperactivity disorders, tics/stereotypic behavior or epileptic seizures/febrile seizure. Results: During the study period, a total of 18,788 twin neonates were included and the frequency of birthweight discordancy was 18% (3422/18788). The risk of adverse long-term neurodevelopmental outcome was significantly higher in discordant twin neonates (Group B) than concordant twins (Group A) [32.42% vs. 35.48%, p=0.0006, Table 1]. Within concordant twins, the adverse neurodevelopmental outcome was not different between twin pairs. However, smaller twin had increased risk for adverse long-term neurodevelopmental outcome than larger twin within discordant twins [Table 2]. Conclusion: The inter-twin birthweight discordancy was associated with adverse long-term neurodevelopmental outcome. Within discordant twin pairs, smaller neonates were at more increased risk of adverse long-term neurodevelopmental outcome than larger neonates. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] ER  - 
Stress, anxiety and depression levels in pregnancy: outpatient versus inpatient$$$ Objective: To compare stress, anxiety and depression levels among 3 groups of pregnant women: 1) low-risk outpatient (LRO), 2) high-risk outpatient (HRO), and 3) inpatient (IP). Methods: This was a cross-sectional study using validated instruments. Inclusion criteria were pregnancies 23–37 weeks and maternal age > 18 years. The primary outcome was mean/median scores of Perceived Stress Scale (PSS), State Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI), and Edinburgh Depression Scale (EDS). Secondary outcome was rate of abnormal scores. Results: Among 190 women approached, 180 (95%) participated, with 60 (33%) in each group. Mean PSS scores (range 0–40) significantly increased from LRO (12.0, standard deviation [SD] 7.8) to HRO (14.7, SD 7.9) to IP (15.6, SD 8.2); p =.04. Mean STAI scores (range 20–80) also significantly increased from LRO (32.0, SD 11.1) to HRO (35.8, SD 11.9) to IP (40.9, SD 13.1); p <.01. Abnormal anxiety (STAI ≥ 40) was present in 40% of women and significantly higher among IP compared to LRO (56% vs 25%; RR 2.24, 95% CI 1.36–3.67; aRR 2.24, 95% CI 1.34–3.74). Conclusion: Stress and anxiety scores significantly differ in LRO, HRO, and IP women. While depression screening is common postpartum, screening for stress, anxiety and depression prenatally may be beneficial. ER  - 
Clinical profile of cerebral venous thrombosis in tertiary care center and utility of D-dimer in its diagnosis$$$ Background & Objectives: Cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT) is a rare cause of stroke, occurring commonly in young adults. The variability in the clinical scenario from patient to patient and the lack of specificity of the presenting symptoms of CVT poses a diagnostic challenge. This study aims to analyze the clinical characteristics of patients diagnosed with CVT in comparison to the global profile and explore the diagnostic utility of D-dimer levels as a screening tool in patients with clinical features suspicious of underlying CVT. Methods: This was a hospital-based case-controlled study, included 50 imaging proven patients with CVT and age and sex matched healthy controls. Demographic details were collected, detailed neurological examination done at presentation and d-dimer levels were evaluated. Results: Among our study group a male preponderance was noted (60%) in discordance with the global pattern of CVT. Headache was the most common presenting feature and papilledema was noted in 98% of our patients. Additional clinical signs noted at presentation were nausea and vomiting (78%), seizures (28%), limb weakness (24%) and alteration in sensorium at presentation (14%). Risk factors were alcohol dependency (36%), postpartum period (12%) and anaemia (12%). Additionally the sensitivity of D-dimer was noted to be 90.74% with a specificity of 100% in predicting the disease. Conclusion: Our study differs from the global pattern of CVT in terms of male preponderance, higher detection of papilledema, lesser occurrence of anaemia, and a large proportion of patients with d-dimer positivity. The limitation of the study is the sample size as we cannot extrapolate our results to the population at large. However our data is in concordance with the current concept of CVT, that diagnosis is the key challenge in management. ER  - 
The effect of fear of COVID-19 on quality of life in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: In the COVID-19 pandemic period, the effect of COVID-19 fear on quality of life was uncertain. This present study examined the effect of fear of COVID-19 on quality of life in patients with epilepsy through anxiety and depression. Methods: This single-center, cross-sectional study was conducted with a total of 319 adult patients with epilepsy. The mean age of the patients was 36.0 (± 11.1) years, and 53% were male. The mean duration of diagnosis was 16.0 (± 10.6) years, and more than half of the patients (52.4%) were using two and more antiepileptic drugs. Data were collected online between 15 December 2020 and 5 January 2021. COVID-19 Fear Scale, Beck Depression Inventory, Worry and Anxiety Questionnaire, and Epilepsy Quality of Life Scale-10 were used for data collection. Serial mediation analysis was conducted to determine the effect of COVID-19 fear on quality of life. Results: Although there was a significant correlation between them, the fear of COVID-19 did not directly affect the quality of life. The fear of COVID-19 increased anxiety and depression respectively, the increase in the mediators also decreased the quality of life. Conclusion: The fear of COVID-19 experienced by patients with epilepsy did not have a significant direct effect on the quality of life. However, it was found that it had an indirect effect on the quality of life by increasing mental health problems such as anxiety and depression, the indirect effect was mostly on anxiety. ER  - 
Functional MRI-based study of emotional experience in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: Protocol for an observational case-control study–EMOCRISES study$$$ Background Psychogenic non epileptic seizures (PNES) are a frequent, disabling and costly disorder for which there is no consensual caring. They are considered as a dissociative disorder and they share many common characteristics with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Nevertheless, their pathophysiology is still unclear. In this study, we plan to obtain new data comparing functional brain activity of participants suffering from PNES, from PTSD and healthy controls via functional brain MRI during resting state and under emotional visual stimulation. The protocol presented hereunder describes an observational study with no direct treatment implication. Nevertheless, it could lead to a better understanding of PNES and to identifying targets for specialised cares of post-traumatic or dissociative disorders, like repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Methods & analysis This is a prospective, single-centre, interventional, non-randomized, open, controlled and exploratory clinical study. It will involve 75 adult French, right-handed women in 3 groups, either suffering from PNES or PTSD, or healthy controls. An informed consent will be signed by each participant. All of them will be given psychiatric tests to assess dissociation and alexithymia, psychopathological profile and history, and emotional recognition. Each participant will undergo a functional brain MRI. We will record anatomical images and five functional imaging sequences including emotional periodic oscillatory stimulation, standard emotional stimulation, Go / No Go task under emotional stimulation, and resting state. Analysis will include a descriptive analysis of all participants and the treatment for functional magnetic resonance imaging images of each sequence. Registration, ethics & dissemination This study was approved the regional Protection of Persons Committee under the reference 16.10.01 and by the French National Medical Security Agency under the reference 2016-A01295-46. The protocol and results will be published in peer-reviewed academic medical journals and disseminated to research teams, databases, specialised media and concerned patients’ organisations. ER  - 
Entoptic phenomena, photopsias, phosphenes$$$ In medicine the term entoptic phenomena is used to describe perception of visual effects that are rendered by the eye’s own structures or visual system under suitable lighting conditions or stimulus. Customary such conditions are rarely met and hence do not produce an image. Entoptic phenomena produced or influenced by the native optical structures of one’s own eye result from either refractive or diffractive causes. What all have in common is that they are subjective and require direct attention and cooperation of the observer for their perception. They differ from optical illusions which do not have a physical substrate. Special form of visual disturbances are photopsias and phosphenes. Photopsias are visual symptoms or sensations of structured images such as geometric figures or other simple pictures often recurring in a repetitive pattern in the absence of external light stimuli. Phosphenes are a subgroup of photopsias that patients describe as either static or moving unstructured patterns of colourful lights, sparkles or zig-zag lines. Photopsias predominately suggest ocular causes, less commonly they may suggest neurologic or systemic causes and thus require a meticulous examination as they occur. ER  - 
Quality of life and associated factors among patients with epilepsy at specialized hospitals, Northwest Ethiopia$$$ 2019; Background Epilepsy is a chronic non-communicable brain disorder and the second most burdensome disease in terms of disability-adjusted life years which is characterized by recurrent epileptic seizures, and a constant threat to the quality of life of the patient. Nearly 80% of people with epilepsy live in low- and middle-income countries and the risk of premature death in people with epilepsy is up to three times higher than for the general population. In many parts of the world, people with epilepsy and their families suffer from stigma and discrimination. This study was aimed to assess the quality of life and associated factors among adult people living with epilepsy using the world health organization quality of life assessment tool. Methods Institution-based cross-sectional study design was conducted on 419 epileptic patients using a systematic random sampling technique. The data were collected using the WHOQOL- BREF questionnaire. The data were entered into EpiData version 3.1 and exported to SPSS version 25 software for further analysis and bivariate and multivariable binary logistic regression analyses were done to identify factors associated with the dependent variable. The level of significance was declared as P value <0.05. Result A total of 402 epileptic patients with a median age of 28 years were involved in the study. The result of this study was revealed that 47.8% (95% CI: 42%, 52%) of the respondents had poor quality of life. Respondents who were in the middle age group (AOR = 0.36, 95% CI: 0.19, 0.70), lower educational level (AOR = 3.11, 95%CI: 1.35, 7.15), those who had low drug adherence (AOR = 8.36, 95%CI: (2.41, 28.98) comorbid anxiety, (AOR = 3.63, 95% CI: 2.55, 8.42) and depression (AOR = 3.85, 95% CI: 2.16, 6.82) were found to be significantly associated with poor quality of life of epilepsy patients. Conclusion This study revealed that almost one in two epileptic patients had poor quality of life. Age of the respondents, lower educational level, comorbid anxiety and depression, and lower adherence to drugs were significantly associated with poor quality of life. Therefore, health institutions and clinicians should not focus only on the treatment of the disease itself rather they should address diseases' impact on the quality of life of patients. ER  - 
Less time spent walking and depressive symptoms are associated with more self-perceived disability in primary care patients: a cross-sectional study from Uganda$$$ Introduction: evidence on associations between self-perceived disability and physical activity levels in primary care patients (PCP) in low-income countries is absent. We investigated whether self-perceived disability is associated with physical activity levels while taking into account relevant demographic, social, mental and health parameters and other lifestyle factors in PCP in Uganda. Methods: in this cross-sectional study, patients from two primary care centers in a farming community in central Uganda completed the World Health Organization Disability Assessment Schedule 2 (WHODAS 2), Simple Physical Activity Questionnaire (SIMPAQ), Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test, and Multidimensional Scale for Perceived Social Support. Somatic co-morbidity and multimorbidity were self-reported or retrieved from medical files. A backward linear regression was performed in order to explain the variance in WHODAS 2 total scores. Results: in 130 PCP [median (interquartile range) age=47.0 (22.0); 73.1% (n=95) female], older age, less time spent walking (SIMPAQ) and more severe depressive symptoms (PHQ-9) were independent significant predictors of more self-perceived disability (WHODAS 2). The final model explained 44.2% of the variance in WDODAS 2 scores. Conclusion: our study demonstrates that self-perceived disability in PCP living in low-resourced settings is associated with older age, physical inactivity and depressive symptoms. Future lifestyle studies in primary care settings should consider targeting both physical and mental health outcomes in order to reduce self-perceived disability in PCP, in particular in older patients. ER  - 
Frontoparietal paired associative stimulation versus single-site stimulation for generalized anxiety disorder: a pilot rTMS study$$$ Background: At present, the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is limited to single-site interventions. We investigated whether dual-site frontoparietal stimulation delivered using cortical–cortical paired associative stimulation (ccPAS) had stronger clinical efficacy than single-site stimulation in patients with GAD. Methods: We randomized 50 patients with GAD to 1 Hz rTMS (10 sessions) using 1 of the following protocols: single-site stimulation over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC; 1500 pulses per session); single-site stimulation over the right posterior parietal cortex (PPC; 1500 pulses per session); repetitive dual-site ccPAS (rds-ccPAS) over the right dlPFC and right PPC with 1500 pulses per session (rd-ccPAS-1500); or rds-ccPAS over the right dlPFC and right PPC with 750 pulses per session (rd-ccPAS-750). Both rds-ccPAS treatments used a between-site interval of 100 ms. Results: Clinical scores for anxiety, depression and insomnia were reduced in all 4 groups after treatment. We found greater improvements in anxiety symptoms in the rds-ccPAS-1500 group compared to the rds-ccPAS-750 and single-site groups. We found greater improvements in depression symptoms and insomnia in the rds-PAS-1500 group compared to the single-site groups. The rds-ccPAS-1500 group also showed significant or trend-level improvements in anxiety symptoms and insomnia at 10-day and 1-month follow-up. More patients responded to treatment with rds-ccPAS-1500 than with single-site stimulation. The between-group differences in response rates persisted to the 3-month follow-up. Treatment using rds-ccPAS with a between-site interval of 100 ms induced a more significant improvement than the between-site interval of 50 ms we evaluated in a previous study. Limitations: These results need to be replicated in a larger sample using sham control and equal-pulse single-site stimulation. Conclusion: Frontoparietal rds-ccPAS may be a better treatment option for GAD. ER  - 
Clinical Characteristics of Kratom Exposures Reported to the Georgia and Alabama Poison Control Centers from 2016–2020: A Retrospective Review$$$ Kratom is a plant that is indigenous to Southeast Asia and has recently attracted attention in the United States; its primary active alkaloid mi-tragynine has stimulant effects at low doses and sedative effects at high doses. The purpose of this study was to provide updated information on the characteristics, clinical effects, treatment and patient outcomes of kra-tom exposure. Methods: This was a retrospective analysis of kratom exposures reported to two statewide poison control centers between January 2016 and June 2020. Subjects who reported coexposure to other substances of abuse or intentional xenobiotic overdoses were excluded. The data were stratified by the consumption of kratom alone and with nonoverdose exposure to other medications. Results: In total, 153 kratom exposures were included. Patients were clas-sified into 3 groups according to kratom use within the past 24 hours: low dose (1–5 g; 45.1%), moderate dose (>5–15 g; 17.0%) and high dose (>15 g; 12.4%) groups. The two common clinical effects were central nervous system excitation (kratom, 32.3%; coexposure, 53.3%) and tachycardia (kratom, 46.6%; co-exposure, 44.6%). Dose dependent sedative effects of kratom were not observed. Coexposure accounted for 39.2% of cases and was associated with higher rates of ICU admission (28.3% vs. 8.6%; p<0.01) and serious medical outcomes (28.3% vs. 7.5%; p<0.01). Conclusion: Kratom exposure is associated with a wide range of symp-toms. Despite the perception that kratom is safe, the probability of more severe symptoms and serious effects should be of concern, particularly when kratom is used with other medications. ER  - 
Effects of fluoxetine on the restoration of functional independence in patients after acute cerebral infarction and prognostic factors$$$ Aim: The aim of this study was to explore the effects of fluoxetine on the restoration of functional independence in patients after acute cerebral infarction (ACI) and the factors influencing the prognosis. Patients and methods: This was a retrospective study including 196 ACI patients treated from May 2018 to September 2020. They were divided into control and experimental groups (N = 98 in each group) using a random number table. The control group was treated with routine medication and the experimental group was given also fluoxetine for 60 days. Meanwhile, both groups were subjected to rehabilitation training. Their neurological function, depression, limb motor function and activities of daily living (ADL) were assessed using the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS), Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD), Fugl-Meyer Assessment (FMA) and Barthel index, respectively. The independent risk factors for poor prognosis of ACI patients were analyzed. Results: After treatment, the FMA and ADL scores rose significantly, while the NIHSS and HAMD scores declined in both groups compared with those before treatment (P < 0.05). Compared with the control group, the experimental group had significantly improved treatment outcomes as well as motor and neurological functions (P < 0.05). Infarction volume, baseline NIHSS score, diabetes mellitus, arterial hypertension, leukoaraiosis, hyperuricemia and infection were independent risk factors for poor prognosis (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Fluoxetine can significantly improve the treatment outcomes as well as the motor and neurological functions of patients with ACI. Large infarction volume, high baseline NIHSS score, diabetes mellitus, arterial hypertension, leukoaraiosis, hyperuricemia and infection increase the risk of poor prognosis. ER  - 
Efficacy of Ginger Supplementation in Relieving Persistent Hypothyroid Symptoms in Patients with Controlled Primary Hypothyroidism: A Pilot Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Primary hypothyroidism is a common disease. Some patients have persistent symptoms despite normal serum thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) levels. Ginger is reported to be beneficial in relieving similar symptoms. Our aim was to evaluate the efficacy of ginger supplementation in relieving persistent symptoms in these patients. In this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial, 60 hypothyroid patients aged 20-60 years with normal serum TSH concentrations were randomly allocated to two equal parallel study groups of ginger (500 mg twice a day) or placebo for 30 days. Hypothyroid symptoms were evaluated as the primary outcome using the Thyroid Symptom Rating Questionnaire (ThySRQ) before and after the intervention. Anthropometric measures and laboratory indices including TSH, triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TChol), and fasting blood sugar (FBS) were considered as secondary outcomes. A significant lower mean total ThySRQ score (8.63 ± 5.47 vs. 15.76 ± 6.09, P<0.001) was observed in the ginger group compared to the control group. Ginger led to significant improvements in the mean scores of the weight gain, cold intolerance, constipation, dry skin, appetite, memory loss, concentration disturbance, and feeling giddy or dizzy domains (P<0.001). However, no significant improvements were observed in hair loss, nail fragility, hearing, hoarseness, speech, and depression or feeling down (P>0.05). Ginger supplementation also led to a significant decrease in body weight, body mass index, waist circumference, serum TSH, FBS, TG, and TChol levels compared to the placebo. In summary according to preliminary results of this study, ginger supplementation can help relieve persistent hypothyroid symptoms. Also, it may have beneficial effects in terms of weight reduction and regulation of the FBS and lipid profile in hypothyroid patients. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and health outcomes in patients with alcohol withdrawal syndrome: an observational study from Oman$$$ BACKGROUND: Globally, alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS) is considered a serious medical diagnosis associated with increasing morbidity and mortality. Little information has been reported on the scope of the problem in Oman. OBJECTIVES: Study clinical characteristics, management, quality of care, and health outcomes of patients managed for AWS. DESIGN: Retrospective medical record review. SETTINGS: University hospital. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study included all patients with AWS admitted from 1 October 2019 to 30 September 2020. We collected demographic and clinical characteristics and did a univariate analysis of factors related to 90-day readmission. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Length of hospital stay, 90-day readmission, referral rate to alcohol rehabilitation center. SAMPLE SIZE AND CHARACTERISTICS: 150 male patients with median (IQR) age of 39.5 (32-48) years. RESULTS: Most patients (70.7%, n=106) were smokers and 44 (29.3%) had a history of drug abuse. The average length of hospital stay was 2.3 (0.9-4.6) days. Approximately 9% of total hospital bed days were used to care for patients with AWS. Chronic liver disease (35.3%), diabetes mellitus (24.7%), and hypertension (24.0%) were common among AWS patients. The 90-day readmission rate (32.7%) was high, and there was low referral to alcohol rehabilitation (16.7%). Diabetes and epilepsy were associated with 90-day readmission. CONCLUSION: AWS is an important diagnosis that represents an important burden on acute medical services. Establishing a drug and alcohol service in our institution is an essential step to optimise care for patients with alcohol-related disorders. LIMITATIONS: Retrospective, so unable to collect data on manifestations of AWS such as delirium tremens, which is the most severe form of AWS. Also, the reason for the lack of referral to an outpatient alcohol rehabilitation program was not apparent. ER  - 
Epilepsy Stigma Among University Students in Makkah: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a neurological disorder characterized by a persistent propensity to generate recurring epileptic seizures. Young adults such as university students can bridge the gap and improve attitudes toward patients with epilepsy and reduce stigma. This study aims to assess the knowledge and attitude of university students in the city of Makkah about epilepsy. Methods: This cross-sectional descriptive study was carried out at main universities in the Makkah region of Saudi Arabia. The study was conducted after getting approval from Umm Al-Qura University’s ethics and research committee. A total of 394 participants were enrolled in the study, and a stratified random sampling (probability sampling) technique was used to select respondents. Results: The study included students with a mean age of 20.9 ± 4.6 (18–28 years), 271 (68.8%) students were females, 374 (94.9%) of the students agreed that epilepsy is not contagious, and 215 (54.6%) refused the impact of epilepsy on patients’ marital status, relationships and fertility, respectively, 213 (54.1%) of the students reported that they feel scared to witness a seizure. About 334 (84.8%) respondents believed that epilepsy is an affliction, and 123 (31.2%) reported that they thought epilepsy was a supernatural phenomenon or black magic. Conclusion: The study concluded a satisfactory level of awareness among university students in Makkah related to dealing with patients with epilepsy. Further scientific studies will help build student’s positive attitudes through simulation programs and interventional studies. ER  - 
Late Psychiatric Consequences In Disability Patients Injured In Traffic Accidents$$$ The present study aimed to describe the late psychiatric consequences in road traffic accidents (RTAs) victims who were referred to us for disability examination months or even years after the injury, and to evaluate according to to the civil an d penal laws in force in Turkey. A retrospective examination was made of the files sent by the courts to the expert committee chaired by the authors for the determination of applicants’ disability rate over the 7-year period between 2014 and 2020. Of 774 victims of RTA, 3.6% (n=28) had late psychiatric outcomes, including 1.9% post-traumatic epilepsy (PTE), 1.0% post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and 0.6% frontal lobe syndrome (FLS). The 28 cases comprised 18 males and 10 females with a mean age of 25. 6±14.4 years. Of these patients, 10 were pedestrians, 12 were passengers and 6 were drivers. Disability rates ranged from 5% to 90% in the patients with PTE, were 40% or 60% in patients with PTSD, and were 25% or 40% in patients with FLS. In patients who have been exposed to serious traumas such as RTAs, providing psychiatric support during or after medical treatment is of undeniable importance for the patient’s full health. In addition, this support, which will be included in the medical records, will prevent much loss of rights of the victims in countries that do not have regular psychological examination records. ER  - 
Endogenous and exogenous serotonin, but not sumatriptan, ameliorate seizures and neuroinflammation in the pentylenetetrazoleinduced seizure model in rats$$$ Background: Epilepsy has neuropsychiatric comorbidities such as depression, bipolar disorder, and anxiety. Drugs that target epilepsy may also be useful for its neuropsychiatric comorbidities. Objective: To investigate the effects of serotonergic modulation on pro-inflammatory cytokines and the seizures in pentylenetetrazole (PTZ)-induced seizure model in rats. Methods: Male Wistar rats were injected intraperitoneally with serotonin, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor fluoxetine, 5-HT1B/D receptor agonist sumatriptan, or saline 30 min prior to PTZ treatment. Behavioral seizures were assessed by the Racine's scale. Concentrations of IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α in serum and brain tissue were determined by ELISA. Results: Serotonin and fluoxetine, but not sumatriptan, alleviated PTZ-induced seizures by prolonging onset times of myoclonic-jerk and generalized tonic-clonic seizures. The anti-seizure effect of fluoxetine was greater than that of serotonin. Likewise, serotonin and fluoxetine, but not sumatriptan, reduced PTZ-induced increases in the levels of IL-1β and IL-6 in both serum and brain tissue. None of the administered drugs including PTZ affected TNF-α concentrations. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that endogenous and exogenous serotonin exhibits anticonvulsant effects by suppressing the neuroinflammation. It seems that 5-HT1B/D receptors do not mediate anticonvulsant and anti-neuroinflammatory effects of serotonin. ER  - 
A Community-Based Exploratory Cross-Sectional Study of Elder Abuse Perpetration or Victimization Among Elders in Ethiopia, 2022$$$ Background: Elderly abuse and comorbid problematic substance use, disability, and physical and mental illness have been major problems in low-income countries. In most countries, the elderly are the most neglected segment of the population, and there is insufficient information about elderly abuse perpetration or victimization in low-income countries like Ethiopia. Therefore, this study was aimed to assess elderly abuse perpetration or victimization among the elderly in Mizan Aman town, southwest Ethiopia. Methods: A community-based cross-sectional study design was conducted among 268 elderly people from May to June, 2021, by using a systematic sampling technique. The elderly abuse and the ASSIST tools were used to assess the elderly abuse and khat, alcohol, cannabis, and tobacco use disorders, respectively. Moreover, multimorbidity and physical disability were also assessed. Data were entered into EpiData version 3.1 and exported to the Statistical Package for Social Science Version 23. A logistic regression model was used to identify independent predictors of elderly abuse. Results: The prevalence of elder abuse was 41.8%, and the prevalence of poly substance, alcohol, khat, and tobacco use disorder was 32.5%, 19.4%, 12%, and 4.5%, respectively. Besides, the comorbidity of physical disability and multiple chronic diseases was 8% and 24.6%, respectively. Moreover, physical disability (AOR = 5.652, CI = 1.459, 21.894), multimorbidity (AOR = 3.972, CI = 1.898, 8.314), substance use disorder (AOR = 3.877, CI = 1.814, 8.286), age above 80 years (AOR = 8.452, CI = 2.273, 31.425), and poor social support (AOR = 3.372, CI = 1.043, 10.903) were positively associated with elderly abuse. Conclusion: The magnitude of elder abuse and comorbid multimorbidity, physical disability, and substance use disorder was high, and having multiple chronic diseases, physical disability, substance use disorder, advanced age, and poor social support were risk factors for elderly abuse. ER  - 
Tacrolimus-Induced Neurotoxicity in Early Post-Liver Transplant Saudi Patients: Incidence and Risk Factors$$$ Background: Tacrolimus is a calcineurin inhibitor (CNI) commonly used as an immunosuppressant to prevent the rejection of organ transplants. After liver transplantation, it can cause early neurological complications, known as early calcineurin inhibitor-induced neurotoxicity (ECIIN). Its management requires CNI withdrawal, a measure that can affect post-transplant outcomes, primarily allograft rejection. In addition, it can negatively impact the qual-ity of life. The incidence and risk factor of ECIIN has not been reported in the Saudi population. We investigat-ed the incidence and risk factors of ECIIN after liver transplant in Saudi patients. We also looked at the length of stay in the Intensive Care Unit, hospital, and 30-day mortality as secondary endpoints. Material/Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study of adult patients on tacrolimus with mild, moderate, or severe neurological events within the first month after liver transplantation at a single center of patients who meet the inclu-sion criteria and were over age 14 years. A total of 338 patients were included in the analysis, and the sample size was calculated based on a pilot study. Results: Among 338 liver transplantation patients, 63 patients (19%) developed ECIIN. Forty-eight percent of patients had seizures, 23% had agitation, 21% had psychosis, 10% had severe tremors, 13% had confusion, and 6% developed coma. The median time of the incident to develop ECIIN was 9 (IQR: 5-13.5) days after transplant. Thirty-eight patients were managed by switching to cyclosporine, 12 required a reduction in the dose, and 3 were managed temporarily by discontinuing therapy. Autoimmune hepatitis as an underlying liver disease was one of the statistically significant risk factors (P=0.0311). The median length of hospital stay was 31 (IQR: 21-75.5) days, ICU length of stay was 10 (IQR: 5-20.5) days, and 8 patients died within 30 days after transplant. Conclusions: The incidence of ECIIN in Saud Arabia was similar to that reported in other populations with similar risk fac-tors. Electrolyte imbalance, mainly hyponatremia, was significantly associated with developing ECIIN. Therefore, ECIIN may potentially increase hospital and ICU length of stay. ER  - 
Pavement Burns in New Mexico: Our Experiences, Treatments, and Outcomes$$$ This study focused on patients treated at the University of New Mexico Burn Center who sustained burn injuries from contact with environmentally heated pavement. We report on our patient demographics and outcomes as well as describe our institutional staged surgical approach to treatment. We provide a comparison of our results with other case reports as well as other findings. A retrospective review of patients admitted to the University of New Mexico Burn Center with injuries suffered from contact with hot pavement was performed. Patients were stratified on the presence or absence of altered mental status (AMS) and additional inciting factors. A total of six patients were reviewed from 2018 to 2019. We looked at patient demographics and comorbidities, time of contact with hot pavement, inciting factors, total body surface area (TBSA) burned, location of areas burned, depth of burn injury at the time of presentation and at the time of initial operative debridement, percentage of autograft take, complications, length of stay (LOS), and final disposition. The patients in our study had a mean TBSA of 9.82% corresponding to pressure points of the body. All patients had nearly 100% conversion to full-thickness burns at the time of initial operative debridement. With staged excision and split-thickness autografting, our patients had nearly 100% take of their skin grafts with minimal graft loss or related complications. At the time of presentation, 100% of patients had AMS and 66% (4/6) had a drug- or alcohol-related inciting event. Finally, the average LOS was 19.5 days in comparison to 7 to 9 days for uncomplicated burns of equivalent size at our burn center. Despite an initial appearance of a partial-thickness burn, pavement burns had a high propensity to convert to full-thickness burns. Patients with AMS contributed to our patient population being found with pavement burns. Patients with pavement burns had a distinct anatomic pattern corresponding to pressure points of the body which were often areas at high risk for skin and wound breakdown and complications. Staged excision and split-thickness autografting in the treatment of pavement burns yielded excellent results. Finally, our data showed that providers must be prepared for an extended LOS for patients with pavement burns. ER  - 
Psychoactive drugs in the Brazilian public health system: Use profile and associated factors$$$ The purpose of this study is to estimate the prevalence of and characterize the use of psychoactive drugs among drug users in a Brazilian municipality, relating the findings to factors associated with the consumption of these substances. Through a cross-sectional design, 1,355 drug users from the public health systems community pharmacies were interviewed. Sociodemographic and health-related data were collected, as well as any other prescribed drugs. The prevalence of psychoactive drug use within the last month was 31.0%, with antidepressants and benzodiazepines being the most prescribed (53.5% and 24.6% respectively). Most psychoactive drug users were female (81.9%), lived with a partner (52.6%), had private health insurance (69.2%) and a monthly per-capita income up to one minimum wage (54.0%). The adjusted Odds Ratio (OR) confirmed the following factors to be positively associated with the use of psychoactive drugs: female gender (OR=2.06; 95% CI 1.44; 2.95), age ≥60 years old (OR=1.77; 95% CI 1.26; 2.48), follow-up with a psychologist (OR=4.12; 95% CI 1.84; 5.25), absence of regular physical activity (OR=1.59; 95% CI 1.13; 2.23), and smokers (OR=1.94; 95% CI 1.26; 2.97). Approximately one out of three individuals used at least one psychoactive drug. Health managers should focus the planning and actions aimed at their rational use for these groups, leading to increased overall treatment success. ER  - 
COVID-19 pandemic in Istanbul: Seizure frequency and psychosocial outcomes in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to examine seizure frequency and psychosocial outcomes in patients with epilepsy (PwE) during the COVID-19 pandemic. Methods: This cross-sectional case-control study included 319 adult PwE and 327 healthy controls (HC). The data were collected using a patient/person information form, Worry and Anxiety Questionnaire (WAQ), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II), and the Pittsburg Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). Results: Seventy-four (23.1%) patients had an increase in seizure frequency during the pandemic. The mean age of PWE with increased seizure frequency (ISF) was lower (32.8±9.3) than PWE with unchanged seizure frequency (USF) (37.0±11.4). When psychosocial impacts of the pandemic were compared between the groups, the ISF group was psychologically affected more than the USF and HC groups. WAQ and BDI-II scores were higher in ISF than USF and higher in USF than HC group. Also, the analysis revealed that the seizure frequency during the pandemic was almost similar before the pandemic. However, only those who had frequent seizures before the pandemic had worsened seizure frequency during the pandemic. The analysis showed that factors such as having trouble in drug supply, having more than 4-6 seizures in a year, worrying about seizure intervention, and being depressed, were related to being psychologically affected by the pandemic. Conclusion: It was observed that the psychosocial outcomes during the pandemic were worse in PwE than healthy controls, especially in those with increased seizure frequency. Therefore, it is essential to increase the medical and psychosocial support to PwE during the pandemic. ER  - 
Transcranial alternating current stimulation for treating depression: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Treatment of depression with antidepressants is partly effective. Transcranial alternating current stimulation can provide a non-pharmacological alternative for adult patients with major depressive disorder. However, no study has used the stimulation to treat first-episode and drug-naïve patients with major depressive disorder. We used a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled design to examine the clinical efficacy and safety of the stimulation in treating first-episode drug-naïve patients in a Chinese Han population. From 4 June 2018 to 30 December 2019, 100 patients were recruited and randomly assigned to receive 20 daily 40-min, 77.5 Hz, 15 mA, one forehead and two mastoid sessions of active or sham stimulation (n = 50 for each group) in four consecutive weeks (Week 4), and were followed for additional 4-week efficacy/safety assessment without stimulation (Week 8). The primary outcome was a remission rate defined as the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) score ≤ 7 at Week 8. Secondary analyses were response rates (defined as a reduction of ≥ 50% in the HDRS-17), changes in depressive symptoms and severity from baseline to Week 4 and Week 8, and rates of adverse events. Data were analysed in an intention-to-treat sample. Forty-nine in the active and 46 in the sham completed the study. Twenty-seven of 50 (54%) in the active treatment group and 9 of 50 (18%) in the sham group achieved remission at the end of Week 8. The remission rate was significantly higher in the active group compared to that in the sham group with a risk ratio of 1.78 (95% confidence interval, 1.29, 2.47). Compared with the sham, the active group had a significantly higher remission rate at Week 4, response rates at Weeks 4 and 8, and a larger reduction in depressive symptoms from baseline to Weeks 4 and 8. Adverse events were similar between the groups. In conclusion, the stimulation on the frontal cortex and two mastoids significantly improved symptoms in first-episode drug-naïve patients with major depressive disorder and may be considered as a non-pharmacological intervention for them in an outpatient setting. ER  - 
The Effect of Some Symptoms and Features During the Infection Period on the Level of Anxiety and Depression of Adults after Recovery from COVID-19$$$ Background: Considering the previous evidence regarding SARS/MERS outbreaks, ıt is expected that emergent psychiatric conditions such as mood disorders, anxiety, and depression disorders may occur in survivors of COVID-19. Objectives: In this study, the effects of clinical/neurological symptoms and sociodemographic characteristics of COVID-19 patients during the infection period on the level of anxiety/depression after recovery were investigated. Methods: Firstly, the socio-demographic characteristics of the participants and their clinical/neurological symptoms during the infection period were determined. In addition, the Beck anxiety/depression scale was administered to the participants upon discharge. Then, the odds ratio of the variables was calculated by applying the Poisson regression method to determine the predictors affecting the level of anxiety/depression. Results: In this study, the clinical/neurological symptoms and the sociodemographic characteristics affecting the level of anxiety/depression were found to be associated with adults (mean age 45-years). The number of days of hospitalization was the only clinical feature that increased both anxiety and depression levels. In addition, post-discharge sleep disorder, headache, and alcohol use were found to be predictors of increased anxiety levels. In addition, smoking, the presence of a person with COVID-19 infection in the immediate vicinity, traveling in the last month before the illness, fever, and loss of smell during the infection period was found to increase the level of depression. Moreover, asthma was the only significant comorbidity that increased the anxiety level, while diabetes was the only comorbidity that increased the depression level. Conclusion: It is expected that this study will support social-psychological intervention and have some effects on reducing depressive/anxiety symptoms, which can vary widely in adults during stressful events. ER  - 
Real-World Characterization of the Portuguese Population Living with HIV who Initiated Raltegravir Based-Regimens: The REALITY Study$$$ Introduction: Although raltegravir has been available since 2007, data are lacking on the Portuguese population living with HIV who initiated this antiretroviral therapy. Hence, this study aimed to characterize the patients who initiated raltegravir-based regimens between January 2015 and December 2017, on sociodemographics, clinical features, and treatment satisfaction. Material and Methods: Observational, retrospective, multicentre study conducted at 11 reference sites. Sociodemographic and clinical data were collected retrospectively from hospital medical records. For participants continuing raltegravir at study inclusion, the HIV Treatment Satisfaction Questionnaire was administered to assess satisfaction with raltegravir-based therapy. Descriptive statistics were performed. Treatment-naïve and treatment-experienced subgroups were compared for demographic and clinical variables. Results: A total of 302 patients were included; mostly men (69.5%) with a mean age of 49 years old. Approximately half of the patients had at least one non-AIDS-related comorbidity at baseline (53.3%), such as hypercholesterolemia, arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and depression. Moreover, 52.3% were treatment-experienced patients with up to two treatments prior to raltegravir. Across the study time points, there was a reduction in the viral load and improvement in CD4 counts in both the treatment-naïve and treatment-experienced subgroups. Continuing users of raltegravir reported high treatment satisfaction (55.4 ± 7.2 points). Conclusion: Raltegravir-based regimens seem like a valid therapeutic option in heterogeneous populations of HIV-infected patients, in patients with previous ART experience and as part of first-line therapeutic options alongside with the latest generation of drugs from its class. ER  - 
Epidemiology and Nature of Suicide Attempts in Children and Adolescents at the Tertiary Care Pediatric Hospitals$$$ a Multicentre Retrospective Study in Turkey; Introduction: Suicide and suicide attempts are among the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the youth population worldwide, with drastically increased rates over the past years. Objectives: We aimed to investigate the major risk factors, sociodemographic characteristics, and prevalence of psychiatric comorbidities in children that hospitalized in pediatric intensive care units (PICUs) for selfpoisoning suicide attempts through drug overdose. Methods: We performed a descriptive, cross-sectional retrospective study, including all the cases of suicide attempts that hospitalized at pediatric intensive care unit between January 2015 and December 2020. Results: In the study period, 356 children of self-poisoning suicide occurred, 20 cases were excluded from the study. The mean age of the study population was 14.98 ± 1.53 years. Seventy (20.8%) children were within 10-13 years with the predominance of female gender (female/male sex ratio: 3.35/1). Suicidal attempts were more common in females (p = 0.001). Considering the nature of attempt, toxic drug overdose (95.5%) appeared as the most frequent method of suicide, followed by intake of pesticides (4.5%). Antipyretics and antidepressants were the common pharmaceuticals involved in drug toxicity (21%, 19.3%). Conclusions: The present results showed that the majority of suicide attempts occurred during adolescence, with an increase in pre-adolescence at a considerable rate. Overall, it is important to increase the knowledge of pediatricians about suicide attempts in children and provide psychosocial support for children and their families as a preventive measure after their first attempt. ER  - 
Clinical review of the clinical necessity of lumbar punctures performed on adults at National District Hospital Emergency Department$$$ Background: Previous studies have found that indications for lumbar punctures (LPs) are managed differently, which raises the question of whether all LPs performed are clinically necessary. This study aimed to determine whether unnecessary (clinically not indicated) LPs were being performed at a district hospital in the Free State, South Africa. Method: This was a retrospective descriptive study. A list from the National Health Laboratory Service (NHLS) was used to identify all patients on whom an LP was performed in the adult emergency department of National District Hospital (NDH) in Bloemfontein, from 1 January 2018 to 30 June 2018. Data were captured on a data sheet and included demographic information, clinical signs and symptoms the patients presented with and the cerebrospinal fluid results. Results: A total of 364 patients fit the inclusion criteria. Of these patients, 97 files (26.6%) could not be found, patient gender and LP results could be retrieved from the NHLS barcodes. After reviewing the presenting symptoms and signs captured on the 267 files, the primary researcher considered 150 (56.4%) of the LPs performed to have been carried out unnecessarily. From the total population of 364 patients, 246 (67.6%) of the LP results were normal. Only 118 (32.4%) of the LPs performed showed some form of central nervous system pathology. Of the 150 LPs assessed to have been unnecessarily performed, 124 (84.0%) were normal. Conclusion: This retrospective review indicates that a high percentage of LPs that were clinically not indicated were performed at NDH during the study period. ER  - 
EVALUATION OF ANTIPYRETICS USE AND HEAT SENSITIVITY IN PATIENTS WITH MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS AND IT IS IMPACT ON QOL$$$ Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a progressive neurological disorder that leads to disruption of autonomic functions. The specific mechanism of temperature dependence in MS is not fully understood. Between 60% and 80% of MS patients believe that the worsening of symptoms and relapses are due to heat. The use of antipyretics has been shown to reduce heat sensitivity and the risk of relapse in MS patients. The present investigation aimed to assess antipyretic use and heat sensitivity in MS patients and their impact on quality of life. A retrospective cross-sectional chart review study was conducted for all MS patients admitted to King Khalid University Hospital, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, between June 2015 and December 2018. Demographics and data on MS treatment regimens were collected. Telephone interviews were conducted to collect data on heat sensitivity, prophylaxis techniques and number of relapses. Nearly half of the sample reported heat sensitivity (44%) and only 24% use cooling techniques. The most used antipyretic was paracetamol (46%), followed by non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) (5%). Interferon use was associated with a higher risk of temperature increase and antipyretic use. The study showed that heat sensitivity is common among MS patients and the risk of relapse is increased. However, only a small number of patients use antipyretics as prophylaxis. MS relapses can be prevented or reduced by avoiding triggers and prophylactic use of antipyretics. ER  - 
Encephalitis, meningitis, and acute cerebellar ataxia as neurological complications of VZV infection in children. A retrospective study$$$ Aim of the study: Varicella is a disease with potentially severe complications. The objective of this study was to assess the specific clinical picture of neurological complications of VZV in the form of encephalitis, meningitis, and acute cerebellar ataxia among hospitalised children. Material and methods: The study was designed as a retrospective analysis, based on reviewing the medical records and collecting post-hospitalisation questionnaires of children admitted to the hospital for varicella complications between January 2009 and December 2018. None of the patients was vaccinated. Patients were divided into groups based on the type of neurological diagnosis. We analysed the results of the additional tests performed, their significance for the final diagnosis, and predictive validity. Statistical analysis of data was performed, and the results were compared with available data. Results: A link between age and type of neurological complication was found. Diversity in the length of hospitalisation as well as in the number of additional tests necessary for a final diagnosis was established. None of the analysed clinical parameters and additional tests was found to be a potential predictor linked with the possibility of sequels in our study. Children with encephalitis had a significantly higher risk of neurological sequelae at the moment of discharge. Conclusions: Acute cerebellar ataxia was the most frequent neurological complication, while encephalitis was associated with increased risk of neurological sequel. Direct presence of VZV-DNA was observed in patients with meningitis, while acute cerebellar ataxia and encephalitis were a result of an immune response. The presented results serve as a reminder of the potential severity of chickenpox in unvaccinated, otherwise immunocompetent children. ER  - 
Health care resource utilization in the management of patients with Arginase 1 Deficiency in the US: a retrospective, observational, claims database study$$$ Background: Arginase 1 Deficiency (ARG1-D) is an inherited metabolic disease that leads to significant morbidity. Aims: Despite the recognized burden of disease, information on health care resource utilization (HCRU) among patients with ARG1-D is lacking. We, therefore, sought to evaluate HCRU in ARG1-D relative to non-ARG1-D cohort. Materials and methods: Patients with ≥2 ICD-10-CM diagnosis codes for ARG1-D were identified (first diagnosis code = index date) using professional fee claims linked with prescription claims. Patients with ARG1-D were matched 1:1 to a comparator cohort of patients with other medical conditions. Matching variables included age, sex, index year, payer type (Medicare, Medicaid, third party) and geographic region. Results: A total of 77 patients met the inclusion criteria for the ARG1-D cohort, with a median age of 15 years, 52% <18 years, and 52% male. Several concurrent diagnoses were recorded at a higher frequency in the ARG1-D cohort versus the matched comparator (spasticity 7 times higher; developmental delay ∼2 times higher; intellectual disability 5 times higher; and seizures 8 times higher). Emergency room visits occurred twice as often, laboratory tests were performed 1.5 times more often, hospitalization was required 3 times more often, and mean length of stay was longer for patients with ARG1-D than the comparator cohort (2.4 days vs. 0.3 days). Limitations: A relatively short study period while the burden of ARG1-D increases over a lifetime due to disease progression. Conclusions: Patients with ARG1-D had significantly greater HCRU compared with those without the disease; they presented with a more extensive comorbidity profile, accessed the health care system more frequently, required more intense monitoring and management, and had more frequent and longer hospitalizations relative to the comparator group. These findings demonstrate a high health burden in ARG1-D that is not mitigated by standard-of-care measures and emphasize the need for improved treatment options. ER  - 
Benzodiazepines in Patients with Heart Failure and Reduced Ejection Fraction$$$ Background: In patients with heart failure (HF), anxiety or insomnia is prevalent and associated with poor clinical outcomes. Benzodiazepines (BZDs) are one of the most commonly prescribed medications for anxiety or insomnia in Taiwan. Evidence regarding the effects of BZDs on patients with heart failure and reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) is inconclusive. Objectives: To evaluate whether BZDs can mitigate the adverse effects of anxiety or insomnia on the prognosis of patients with HFrEF. Methods: Patients with HFrEF were identified from the Chang Gung Research Database between January 1, 2007 and December 31, 2018. Those who received BZD prescriptions were defined as the BZD group; patients in the BZD group were then paired with those who had never been prescribed BZDs after matching for age, sex, and baseline left ventricular ejection fraction, defined as the no-BZD group. Propensity score matching was used to balance baseline characteristics. Cox proportional hazards model and the Fine-Gray subdistribution hazard model were used to examine the association between BZD prescription and the risks of adverse cardiovascular outcomes. Results: After propensity score matching, there were 1,941 patients in both BZD and no-BZD groups. The composite of cardiovascular (CV) death or HF hospitalization (HFH) occurred in 64.4% and 54.4% of the patients in the BZD and no-BZD groups, respectively [hazard ratio (HR): 1.44; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.32-1.56], which was mainly driven by HFH (HR: 1.52; 95% CI: 1.39-1.67). Conclusions: In the patients with HFrEF, those who received BZD were at a higher overall risk of CV death and HFH. ER  - 
Management of Functional Seizures and Functional Movement Disorder: A Cross-Sectional Comparative Study$$$ Introduction: Functional neurological disorders (FND) are conditions that cause to alterations in nervous system functions. They are disabling and impair the quality of life of patients but that are potentially reversible provided they have specific management. Functional seizures (FS) and functional movement disorder (FMD) are among the most common subtypes. Studies suggest a strong overlap between FS and FMD; however, there are still no cross-sectional studies that compare the management between these two conditions. Thus, our focus was to carry out a research that compares how these two subtypes of FND are being managed, in addition to assessing rates of understanding and acceptance of a diagnosis of FND. Methods: It is a cross-sectional study with data collected from medical records and interviews with two patients’ groups (FS and FMD) treated from a FND clinic of the public health system of Brazil. Results: From 105 medical records of patients with FND analyzed, 60 participants were eligible and agreed to participate in this research, being FS (n = 31) and FMD (n = 29). Statistically significant differences (p < 0.05) were found in the use of antiseizure (FS > FMD), opioids (FMD > FS), multi-professional follow-up (FMD > FS) and rates of understanding and acceptance of an FND diagnosis (FMD > FS). Similarities were found in sociodemographic profiles, medical follow-up, psychiatric comorbidities and use of antidepressants, anxiolytics, antipsychotics and mood stabilizers between two conditions. Conclusion: More similarities than differences in management were found between FS and FMD. Similarities may be related to overlaps in sociodemographic and clinical characteristics between the two groups. Differences may be related to specific issues of each patient and condition. Regardless of the group, patients who perform psychotherapeutic follow-up have higher rates of understanding and acceptance of an FND diagnosis. ER  - 
Is Vitamin B12 Level a Reliable Predictor of Psychosis Severity in Male Patients with Megaloblastic Anemia at a Single Tertiary Hospital?$$$ Background: Megaloblastic anemia (MA) occurs due to ineffective erythropoiesis, which results from impaired DNA synthesis in the hematopoietic precursors and intramedullary hemolysis. MA’s most common cause is nutritional deficiencies of either cobalamin (vitamin B12) or folate (vitamin B6). This study aims to determine the association between MA caused by vitamin B12 deficiency and psychosis among psychotic male patients in Mental Health Hospital at Taif, Saudi Arabia. Methods: Fifty psychotic male patients, aged 48.58±1.72, were recruited from the Mental Health Hospital at Taif, Saudi Arabia, in addition to 54 sex-matched healthy controls. The following tests were run: complete blood count (CBC), liver function tests (LFT), serum levels of vitamin B12, folate, and C-reactive protein (CRP). Results: The CBC showed that RBCs count, haemoglobin, haematocrit, platelets count, mean platelets volume (MPV), and absolute lymphocyte count were significantly lower in psychotic patients versus healthy controls (P=0.007, P=0.002, P=0.001, P=0.004, P=0.0001, and P=0.005, respectively). In contrast, the eosinophil absolute count and basophil percentage were significantly higher in psychotic patients versus controls (P=0.009, P=0.0001, respectively). Vitamin B12 levels were insignificantly decreased in psychotic patients versus healthy group. There were significant negative correlations between serum levels of VitB12 and negative symptoms (r=−0.381, P=0.006) and hallucination (r=−0.297, P=0.036). Conclusion: These findings indicate no link between MA induced by VitB12 insufficiency and psychosis among psychotic patients. However, low serum VitB12 can predict the severity of some psychosis signs, including hallucinations and negative symptoms. Therefore, monitoring VitB12 levels and its supplementation in psychotic patients is recommended to improve their symptoms. ER  - 
Pelvic floor conditions in women treated in primary care$$$ Introduction: The prevalence of pelvic floor disorders is increasing and health care providers must be prepared to manage these conditions more frequently and effectively Objective: to develop symptom-based case definitions for pelvic floor disorders. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted, where a random sample of medical records from 6 rural and urban clinics was remotely reviewed. Results: Sensitivity was 81.9% (95% CI 75.1-87.2) for urinary incontinence and 61.2% (95% CI 46.2-74.5) for fecal incontinence. Conclusions: Our case definition for urinary incontinence met our standard of validity and can be used for epidemiologic research. ER  - 
Systemic treatment for severe atopic dermatitis in children: a case series$$$ Background: Atopic dermatitis (AD) is children’s most frequent chronic inflammatory skin disease. In most patients, this condition is controlled with topical treatments; however, some patients with severe AD do not respond to these treatments, requiring systemic therapy. There is insufficient information about the ideal dose, time of use, clinical response, and safety of systemic therapy in children with severe AD. This study described the clinical characteristics of patients with severe AD who required systemic treatment, drugs used, their clinical course, adverse effects, and associated complications. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of the records of pediatric patients with severe AD treated in the Dermatology Clinic, Ins-tituto Nacional de Pediatría (2000 to 2018), who required systemic treatment for more than 3 months. Results: We included 21 patients. The mean age at disease onset was 3.31 years. The drugs used were methotrexate (57.1%), thalidomide (38%), prednisone (42.8%), azathioprine (19%), mycophenolate mofetil (9.5%), cyclosporine (4.7%), and systemic steroids as bridging therapy (42.8%). Adverse effects were mild and were observed in two patients (9.5%) treated with methotrexate and myco-phenolate mofetil. Conclusions: Methotrexate was the most frequently used drug in > 50% of the patients, and most patients attained remission. Cyclosporine, azathioprine, and mycophenolate mofetil were also effective. Side effects were mild and infrequent. Comparative studies of systemic treatments for severe AD in the pediatric population are necessary. ER  - 
Intentional avermectin pesticide ingestion: a retrospective multicenter study$$$ Context: Avermectin pesticides are widely used in agriculture, and are thought to have low toxicity in humans. However, information on their toxicity after accidental or deliberate ingestion is limited. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical manifestations of avermectin pesticide ingestion and identify factors associated with severe outcomes (death, intubation, or sustained hypotension requiring inotrope therapy). Materials and Methods: This multicenter retrospective study included patients who visited the emergency departments of six teaching hospitals due to acute avermectin pesticide ingestion between January 2012 and May 2020. Patients who reported ingestion of any other pesticides, drugs, or substances were excluded. Results: In total, 64 patients (median age, 72 years) were included: 60 had ingested emamectin pesticides, and 4 had ingested abamectin. Almost all (98%) were cases of self-harm. The most common presentation was drowsiness (47%), with a median Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) score of 14, followed by shortness of breath (SOB)/dyspnea (33%) and nausea/vomiting (22%). Concurrent methanol exposure (via the solvent) was confirmed or suspected in five patients. Seventeen patients (27%) were intubated. Three patients who developed respiratory failure were not intubated because of a “do-not-resuscitate” (DNR) order. Four patients developed sustained hypotension requiring inotrope therapy. Fifty patients (78%) were admitted, of whom 27 (42%) required intensive care unit (ICU) admission. Four patients died, three of whom had a DNR order. Based on our definition, 20 patients (31%) had severe outcomes. A multivariate logistic regression model showed that a GCS score < 13 (OR 68.1, 95% CI 3.8–999) and the presence of SOB/dyspnea (OR 50.2, 95% CI 3.0–849.9) were associated with severe outcomes. Conclusions: Most patients who intentionally ingested avermectin pesticides required inpatient treatment. Forty-two percent needed ICU care and 31% had severe outcomes. A GCS score < 13 and SOB/dyspnea were independently associated with severe outcomes. ER  - 
Clinical features associated with ADB-BUTINACA exposure in patients attending emergency departments in England$$$ Objective: Synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists (SCRA) are commonly encountered new psychoactive substances. Here we report the recent detection of ADB-BUTINACA in samples from patients attending United Kingdom emergency departments with toxicity after suspected drug misuse and describe the associated clinical features. Methods: Consenting adults (≥16 y) presenting to participating hospitals with toxicity after suspected drug misuse have been included in the Identification Of Novel psychoActive substances (IONA) study since March 2015. Demographic and clinical features are recorded and blood and/or urine samples analysed using high-resolution accurate mass liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Results: By December 2021, analytical data were available for 1279 IONA participants and ADB-BUTINACA was detected in at least one sample from 10 (9 males, age range 16–51 median 45 years), all presenting since February 2021. Smoking ‘spice’ was reported by four patients, two had ingested edible “cannabis” gums and four reported heroin use (2 intravenous, 1 smoked, 1 route not known). Co-use of pregabalin (oral) and crack cocaine (smoked) were also reported. In 3 cases ADB-BUTINACA was the only substance detected, while in seven other substances of misuse were also detected including other SCRA, opioids, benzodiazepines cocaine and pregabalin. Clinical features reported in these 2 groups respectively included reduced level of consciousness (3/3, 6/7), agitation (0/3, 4/7), tachycardia (0/3, 3/7), seizures (1/3, 1/7), hallucinations (1/3, 1/7), hypotension (1/3, 1/7). Metabolic acidosis (1/3, 0/7) and respiratory acidosis (1/3, 0/7), All 10 patients recovered with supportive care, including intubation and ventilation for one case. The median length of hospital stay was 19 h (range 2.6–131 h). Conclusions: ADB-BUTINACA has recently emerged as a drug of misuse in England. Clinical features of toxicity are consistent with those of other SCRA and include reduced level of consciousness, respiratory and/or metabolic acidosis, seizures, confusion and hallucinations. ER  - 
Pharmacological management of post-traumatic seizures in a South African paediatric intensive care unit$$$ Background. Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a common cause of paediatric intensive care unit (PICU) admissions in South Africa. Optimal care of these patients includes the prevention and control of post-traumatic seizures (PTS) in order to minimise secondary brain injury. Objectives. To describe the demographics of children admitted to a South African PICU, to describe the characteristics of PTS, and to describe the prophylactic and therapeutic management of PTS within the unit. Method. A 3-year retrospective chart review was conducted at the PICU of the Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital (CHBAH) in Soweto, Johannesburg, from 1 July 2015 to 30 June 2018. Results. Seventy-eight patients were admitted to the PICU, all with severe TBI. A total of 66 patient files were available for analysis. The median age of admission was 6 years (interquartile range (IQR) 4 - 9) with the majority of trauma secondary to mechanical injury (89%). Prophylactic anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) were initiated in 44 (79%) patients. Early PTS occurred in 11 (25%) patients who received prophylaxis and 4 (33%) who did not. Three (5%) patients developed late PTS, resulting in an overall incidence of PTS of 43%. The most common seizure type was generalised tonic clonic (82%). Children diagnosed with PTS were a median of 2 years younger than those without PTS, with increased prevalence of seizures (83% v. 38%) in children below 2 years of age. Maintenance therapy was initiated in all patients consistent with recommended dosages. Of the total 167 anti-epileptic levels taken during maintenance, only 56% were within target range. Of the initial 78 patients, 8 died (10%). The median length of stay was 7 (IQR 5 - 12) and 8 (IQR 8 - 24) days longer in ICU and hospital respectively, in children with PTS. Conclusion. PTS is a frequent complication of severe TBI in children. There was considerable variation in the approach to both prophylaxis and maintenance therapy of PTS in terms of choice of agent, dosage, frequency of drug monitoring and approach to subtherapeutic levels. It is clear that more high-level studies are required in order to better inform these practices. ER  - 
Anti-Ribosomal-P Antibody Association with Neuropsychiatric Lupus in Sudanese Patients Attending Rheumatology Clinic in Omdurman Military Hospital$$$ Purpose: To assess and establish the relationship between neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) involvement and serological biomarkers like antiribosomal-P antibodies. Patients and Methods: This is an analytical cross-sectional hospital-based study conducted on patients attending Omdurman Military Hospital from July 2019 to December 2019. A total of 90 patients were enrolled, 30 of whom had NPSLE compared with 60 SLE patients without NPSLE. SLE diagnosis was established based on the revised SLICC criteria (presence of at least 4 criteria) for SLE classification, with neuropsychiatric manifestations defined based on the ACR nomenclature. The immunological examination results have been performed by (ELISA immune-enzymatic method, immunofluorescence, and Western immunoblotting test). SPSS v 21.0 software was utilised for data analysis. Results: NPSLE patients exhibited +ve ANA in 96.7% vs 75% in non-NPSLE (P-value = 0.008), antiribosomal-P antibodies (46.7% vs 20%; P-value = 0.0001), anti-nucleosome antibodies (26.7% vs 5%; P-value = 0.005), and anti-histones antibodies (40% vs 20%; P-value = 0.04). ANA antibodies were significantly associated with neurological manifestations as ANA antibodies were common in epilepsy (n = 9; 91%) and stroke (n = 8; 27.6%) (P-value < 0.001). Conclusion: Neuropsychiatric manifestation of systemic lupus erythematosus exhibits variable clinical manifestations. Neuropsychiatric manifestations of SLE are strongly associated with the anti-ribosomal P antibody presence and can be employed as a powerful diagnostic tool. ER  - 
Higher religiosity and spirituality are associated with ethnic group membership among middle-aged and older adults living with HIV$$$ Background: HIV is a chronic illness that impacts the lives of more than 1 million people in the United States. As persons living with HIV (PWH) are living longer, it is important to understand the influence that religiosity/spirituality has among middle-aged and older PWH. Objective: Compare the degree of religiosity/spirituality among middle-aged and older PWH and HIV-negative individuals, and to identify demographic, clinical, and psychosocial factors associated with religiosity/spirituality among PWH. Method: Baseline data on 122 PWH and 92 HIV-negative individuals (ages 36-65 years; 61.1% Non-Hispanic White) from a longitudinal study were analyzed for the current study. Recruitment occurred through HIV treatment clinics and community organizations in San Diego. Participants completed questionnaires on religiosity, spirituality, and psychosocial functioning. Independent samples t-tests, Pearson correlations, and multiple linear regression analyses were conducted to test the study objective. Results: No significant differences in religiosity/spirituality were found between PWH and HIV-negative individuals. Demographic and psychosocial variables were unrelated to religiously/spirituality among HIV-negative individuals. Among PWH, multiple linear regression models indicated higher daily spirituality was significantly associated with racial/ethnic minority membership (Hispanic/Latino, African American/Black, or Other), fewer years of estimated duration of HIV, greater social support, and higher grit. Greater engagement in private religious practices was significantly associated with racial/ethnic minority membership and higher social support. Conclusions: For PWH, being a racial/ethnic minority and having higher social support was associated with greater engagement in religious/spiritual practices. Future longitudinal studies should examine whether religion/spirituality impacts well-being across the lifespan among racial/ethnic minority groups of PWH. ER  - 
Menstrual Suppression in Gender Minority Youth$$$ The purpose of this case series was to evaluate menstrual suppression in sex assigned at birth female adolescents identifying as male or gender non-conforming. A retrospective chart review of four gender minority youth (GMY), age 14-17, was performed for gender identity history, type and success of menstrual suppression, method satisfaction, side effects and improvement in menstrual distress. Menstrual suppression was successful in three patients, one patient discontinued use due to side effects that caused an increase in gender dysphoria. Menstrual distress and bleeding pattern improved in the majority of GMY in this series but side effects, as well as contraindications, may limit their use. In conclusion, menstrual dysphoria can be life-threatening for GMY and it is important that clinicians consider menstrual suppression in GMY with menstrual dysphoria. This series emphasizes the importance of individualized treatment plans. ER  - 
Antiseizure medication-induced obsessive-compulsive disorder and tic disorder: a pragmatic review$$$ Introduction: With a lifetime prevalence of 2.3%, obsessive compulsive disorder is a chronic, disabling condition that is associated with significant social and occupational impairment. Up to 30% of individuals with obsessive-compulsive disorder have a lifetime diagnosis of tic disorders. Antiseizure medication is increasingly used for a variety of physical and psychiatric illnesses. Clarification of the relationship between these symptoms/disorders and use of antiseizure medication is critically important for diagnostic and treatment purposes. Areas covered: Studies on antiseizure-induced obsessive-compulsive disorder and tic disorders are reviewed. The literature search strategy identified 89 articles. Twenty-nine articles were included in the final results. Of these, 24 are case reports or case studies, 2 cross-sectional studies, 1 chart review, 1 population-based case-control study and 1 observational prospective study assessing lamotrigine, levetiracetam, topiramate, zonisamide, and carbamazepine. Expert opinion: This study highlighted the temporal relationship of antiseizure medication use and onset of obsessive-compulsive symptoms and tics. Monitoring for medication-induced obsessive compulsions or tics should be undertaken when prescribing antiseizure medication for treatment of mood disorders or epilepsy. Further research identifying the causal relationship between antiseizure medication and de novo onset of obsessive-compulsive symptoms, obsessive-compulsive disorder and tic disorder is required. ER  - 
Brain Chip Implant: Public’s knowledge, Attitude, and Determinants. A Multi-Country Study, 2021$$$ BACKGROUND: In August 2020, a brain chip was announced as implantation in the human brain targeted to boost brain activity without significant side effects. AIM: The aim of this work was to examine the level of knowledge, awareness, and public concerns about the use of brain chip implants. METHODS: An online cross-sectional survey targeted 326 adults from more than five countries in the Middle East and North Africa during the period from May 2021 to July 2021. The data were collected through a validated self-administrated questionnaire composed of five sections. The collected data were coded and analyzed using suitable tests and methods. RESULTS: According to our results, 54.6% of the study participants mentioned that they had heard about the Brain Chip Implant; while only 6.1% stated that they knew its importance. The most common reported indication for the Brain Chip Implant was improving memory, followed by treatment of epilepsy and improving mental function. Brain Chip Implant safety seemed to be the most common public concern, as most of the participants were hesitant about using it and had concerns regarding its safety. CONCLUSION: Medical personnel seems to be the most concerned about the use of the brain chip implant. Safety measures, confidentiality, and security procedures, respectively, are the major issues that might limit the broad use of the brain chip implant. ER  - 
Factors associated with patient readmission to a specialised psychiatric hospital in the Eastern Cape$$$ Background: Hospital readmissions increase healthcare system costs and can place additional strain on already sparse government funds and under-resourced hospitals. Few studies have investigated readmission of patients in mental health facilities in South Africa. Aim: The study aimed to identify the factors associated with readmission of patients discharged from an acute psychiatric public hospital in South Africa. Setting: The study was conducted at an acute psychiatric public hospital. Method: A retrospective review of medical records was conducted for all patients admitted and readmitted between January 2018 and December 2019. Results: From the pool of patient records analysed (n = 516), 93 (18.02%) were readmitted, of which the majority (75.27%) were male. The average age of patients readmitted was 27.24 ± 11.16 years, which was significantly younger than the total sample (p < 0.05; CI 1.095–7.105). Findings indicated that patients who completed lower levels of education, were unemployed and were diagnosed with substance (mono-or polysubstance) use disorder (n = 93; 100%), schizophrenia (n = 33; 35.48%), bipolar disorder (n = 9; 9.68%) or intellectual disability (n = 9; 9.68%) were more frequently readmitted, with the average length of stay varying widely between patients. Conclusion: Younger patients and those living with more complex psychiatric conditions, particularly those who are substance abusers, were readmitted more frequently, indicating that these patients may require special consideration for management. Contribution: The study revealed that patients living with complex psychiatric conditions such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder were readmitted to hospital more frequently, indicating that management of these patients at the community level is challenging. ER  - 
THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION IN TREATMENT-RESISTANT BIPOLAR DEPRESSION$$$ Background: The aim of the current study is to investigate the efficacy and safety of Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) treatment, a non-invasive brain stimulation technique, on depressive symptoms in treatment-resistant bipolar depression (TRBD). Subjects and methods: The study included 29 patients between the ages of 18-65, with bipolar disorder depressive episode according to DSM-5 and with the decision of non-response to treatment according to the Canadian Mood and Anxiety Treatment Network (CANMAT). Patients were divided into two groups double-blind-randomly, 20 sessions of TMS and 20 sessions of sham TMS were applied crossover. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) and TMS Side Effect Questionnaire were applied to the patients before the treatment, at the 2nd week which is the crossover phase, and at the end of the treatment at 4th week. Results: In both groups, the severity of depression was decreased significantly according to HAM-D and BDI scores after the procedure. As well as active stimulation, some positive placebo effects were observed with sham stimulation. But the decreases seen in HAM-D and BDI scores and response to the treatment were higher during the weeks when the groups received active stimulation (respectively p=0.000, p=0.001, p=0.005). At the end of the study, according to HAM-D, 55.7% of the patients showed response to the treatment, 24.13% partial response. According to BDI, 41.37% of the patients showed response to the treatment, and 31.03% partial response. No associations were found between TMS response and sociodemographic - clinical features, or type of the disease (p>0.05). During the study, no serious adverse effects such as seizures or manic / hypomanic switches were observed. Conclusions: The results of our study showed that TMS treatment is an effective and safe treatment for patients with treatmentresistant bipolar depression. ER  - 
EPIDEMIOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF DUPUYTREN’S DISEASE IN BRAZIL$$$ Objectives: The purpose of this study is to describe associated factors and epidemiological aspects of Dupuytren’s Disease in patients followed up in a Brazilian tertiary public hospital, at the Hand Surgery service. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed from 2014 to 2019. Data collected included: age, gender, ancestry, associated comorbidity presence, phenobarbital, tobacco, and alcohol use, family history of Dupuytren’s Disease and associated fibrotic diseases. Then, the patients underwent a clinical examination to identify and characterize the involvement of the fingers. The patients were also assessed in regard to whether they presented Dupuytren’s Disease severity factors. Results: 140 patients were included, 70.7% men and 29.3% women. Only 42.3% reported being of European ancestry; 20% had first-degree relatives with the disease; 59.3% presented comorbidities, including hypertension, diabetes, chronic heart disease, dyslipidemia, epilepsy, and HIV infection; 15.8% had Ledderhose disease, 7.1% had Peyronie’s disease. 31% were smokers, 16.6% were alcoholic, and 37.1% were phenobarbital users; 40% presented with a severe form of DD. Conclusion: The population studied was composed of Brazilians, most of whom did not report European ancestry; still, they presented several characteristics similar to those described in literature worldwide. Level of Evidence II; Prognostic Studies; Investigating the effect of a patient characteristic on the outcome of a disease. ER  - 
Behavioral and neuropsychological profile of a male patient with mosaic PCDH19 mutation$$$ Mutations in the protocadherin 19 gene (PCDH19) are associated with a female-restricted form of epilepsy. As the disorder has an X-reversed inheritance pattern, men are usually healthy carriers. PCDH19 epilepsy among men due to mosaicism is rare but probably underdiagnosed. We describe the longitudinal development of the behavioral and neuropsychological profile of a male with a mosaic PCDH19 mutation based on assessments carried out at 9, 11, 15, and 19 years of age. He was diagnosed with mild intellectual disability and autism spectrum disorder and had marked deficits in so-called hot executive functions related to emotion, as opposed to purely cognitive aspects of executive functions, the so-called cold executive functions. Although his epilepsy improved and cognition remained stable, executive dysfunction and behavioral problems became the prominent clinical features with age. ER  - 
Impact of Selected Initial Titration Schedules on Safety and Long-Term Effectiveness of Lamotrigine for the Treatment of Mood Disorders$$$ Purpose Lamotrigine (LTG) is used for treatment of mood disorders, but it is associated with the risk of rash occurrence in the initial administration phase. Although slow titration reduces this risk, its effectiveness in the treatment of mood disorders has not been verified. The effects of titration method on the safety and effectiveness of LTG for the treatment of mood disorders were examined in this study. Methods This retrospective cohort study included 312 patients with mood disorders who underwent initiation of LTG therapy. Data regarding baseline demographics, titration schedules, concomitant medications, and time to and cause of discontinuation of LTG were collected. A multivariate analysis was used to evaluate the effects of the titration schedules. The 12-month effectiveness was also evaluated. Results The 12-month discontinuation rate of LTG was 16.7%. The most frequent cause of discontinuation was development of a rash (47.7%, n = 312). Fast titration (adjusted odds ratio, 8.15) significantly increased the risk of rash development, and slow titration (adjusted odds ratio, 0.29) significantly decreased this risk. The time to all-cause discontinuation was not significantly different between the slow and standard titration groups (n = 303). After 12 months of treatment, the condition of 46.7% patients were rated much or very much improved using CGI-C. Conclusions Although slow titration of LTG reduces the occurrence of a rash, it is not more effective than standard titration in the long term. Optimizing the initial LTG titration schedule for patients with mood disorders is challenging. ER  - 
Demographic and Clinical Characteristics of 907 Cases with Naltrexone Intoxication$$$ a 14-Year Cross-Sectional Study; Introduction: Opioids have been the leading cause of death from poisoning in Iran for several years. This study aimed to evaluate the clinical and para-clinical presentations of naltrexone intoxication, its toxic dose, and its epidemiological properties. Methods: This retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted on medical records of patients presenting to Toxicology Department of Loghman Hakim Hospital, Tehran, Iran, following naltrexone intoxication, from 2002 to 2016. Patients’ demographic and laboratory data, clinical signs, supposed ingested dose, and intent of naltrexone consumption were collected, analyzed, and then interpreted. Results: 907 patients with the mean age of 36.6 ±11.7 years were evaluated (94.3% male). The mean amount of naltrexone consumed by the intoxicated patients reported in the medical records was 105.8 ± 267.8 mg. One hundred thirty patients (14.3%) used naltrexone to treat substance use disorder. Two hundred eighty-seven poisoned patients (31.6%) were current opium users who intentionally or unintentionally used naltrexone concomitantly. The most common symptoms observed in these patients were agitation (41.8%), vomiting (16.4%), and nausea (14.8%). Among patients with naltrexone poisoning, 25 patients were intubated (2.8%), and three passed away. Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels were significantly higher in patients intoxicated with naltrexone who needed intubation (p = 0.02). Conclusion: The probability of intubation of cases with naltrexone intoxication was associated with AST elevation. It seems that, the number of intensive care unit (ICU) admissions and mortality rates are not high among these patients. ER  - 
The incidence of neurological complications of varicella-zoster virus infection in hospitalised children in a population with low vaccination coverage$$$ Introduction: Varicella is an infectious disease with potentially severe and not uncommon complications. Aim of the study was to assess the occurrence of neurological complications of varicella-zoster virus among hospitalised children and to analyse the specific clinical picture and outcome. Material and methods: This retrospective study reviewed the medical records and collected post-hospitalisation interviews of children admitted to the hospital for varicella complications between January 2009 and December 2018. None of the patients was vaccinated. Patients were divided into two groups: neurological and non-neurological complications. Statistical analysis of the data was performed, and the results were compared with published data. Results: Of the 484 patients admitted to the hospital with chickenpox, 71 (14.7%) met the study assumption of neurological complications. The median age of subjects in the study group was 4.3 years old (2 months to 16 years). The leading causes for hospitalisation in the study group were: cerebellar ataxia (39.4%), convulsions (26.8%), meningitis and encephalitis (14.1% each). An association between age and type of neurological complication was found. Rates of hospitalisation decreased with age, and the highest was found in children in the first six years of life. No laboratory parameter was found to be a prognostic factor for the development of neurological consequences. The majority of patients showed no comorbidity and hence were not considered as potentially at risk of a severe course of illness. The clinical outcome at one-year follow-up was favourable in most patients (64 of 71, 91.5%). One child died (1.4%). Conclusions: The potential severity of neurological complications and sequelae of chickenpox in unvaccinated children is significant. Even though neurological complications of chickenpox may not result in long-term effects, they significantly prolong hospitalisation. ER  - 
A study of semiology and socio-economic factors in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures from a tertiary care hospital in Eastern India$$$ Introduction Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) is a non-epileptic event which needs to be differentiated from epileptic seizures and poses a diagnostic challenge. It has psychological etiology without any associated abnormal electrical discharges in the brain. We have tried to explain in detail the semiology and socioeconomic factors of patients presenting with the diagnosis of PNES to our hospital so that it will help in early diagnosis and prevent unnecessary antiepileptics use. Methods This is a retrospective study. We have included all patients admitted to the Neurology Department of Kalinga Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) during 2020-2021 and discharged with a diagnosis of PNES. Those having associated epileptic events were excluded from the study. All events were categorized as hypermotor, hypomotor and sensory symptoms as per the patient’s presentation as there is no universal classification system for PNES. Results A total of 50 patients were included in the study. Of them 70% had PNES of hypermotor and 30% of hypomotor type. The mean number of events in the hypomotor group was significantly higher than that in the hypermotor group. The hypomotor variety was found predominantly in females and hypermotor in males. Overall, 10% of the patients had a history of epilepsy in one of the family members. A total of 74% patients had associated anxiety, depression or post-traumatic stress disorder. Conclusions Hypermotor events were more common than hypomotor events. Hypomotor events were found mostly in females. Most of the patients had pre-existing anxiety, depression, or post-traumatic stress disorder as underlying risk factors. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life and its predictors among people living with epilepsy at Dessie Referral Hospital, Amhara, Ethiopia: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: Health-related quality of life of people living with epilepsy is significantly impaired. The disease causes a significant psychological and social impact on daily living conditions and usually has lifelong consequences for the patient and family. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the health-related quality of life of people living with epilepsy and its predictors in Dessie Referral Hospital, Dessie, Ethiopia. Methods: A facility-based cross-sectional study was conducted from April to June 2020. Systematic random sampling was used to recruit a total of 385 study participants. Written informed consent was obtained for each participant, and data were collected using World Health Organization Quality of Life Brief Version and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale questionnaires. Descriptive statistics were used to summarize the data, while multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to examine factors affecting the quality of life. P value ⩽ 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: About 95.80% of the study participants had a generalized seizure, and 64.30% were on two antiepileptic drugs. Of the total, 12.20% and 37.00% suffered from depression and anxiety, respectively, based on the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale score. The mean total health-related quality of life score was 51.98 (standard deviation: ± 10.08; 95% confidence interval: 41.90–62.06) out of 100. Age, education level, marital status, occupation, residence, current comorbidity, family support, and recreational activities were associated with good health-related quality of life (p ⩽ 0.05) Conclusion: The average overall quality of life of people living with epilepsy in the Dessie Referral Hospital was low. Therefore, concerted efforts must be made to improve the quality of life of patients over the healthcare services provided. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and outcomes of antibiotic-associated encephalopathy in patients with end-stage kidney disease$$$ Objective: End-stage kidney disease (ESKD) patients have a higher risk of antibiotic-associated encephalopathy (AAE) than other patients. We aimed to evaluate the prevalence, risk factors and outcomes of AAE in ESKD patients. Method: A retrospective study of ESKD patients treated with intravenous antibiotics in our hospital from Jan. 1, 2006, to Dec. 31, 2015 was performed. AAE was diagnosed by the modified Delphi method. Control individuals were randomly selected from the remaining patients who did not exhibit neurologic symptoms. Logistic regression analysis was used to identify risk factors for AAE as well as the association between AAE and outcome. Result: A total of 2104 patients were included in the study. The prevalence of AAE in our study was 4.4% (92/2104). The multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that anuria (OR = 8.04, 95% CI: 4.13–15.65, p < 0.001), history of central nervous system disorder (OR = 3.03, 95% CI: 1.21–7.56, p = 0.018) and hypoalbuminemia (OR= 1.87, 95% CI: 1.01–3.47, p = 0.046) were independent factors associated with AAE in ESKD patients. After adjustment for confounders, AAE was associated with composite outcomes of in-hospital mortality and treatment withdrawal (OR = 4.36, 95% CI: 2.09–9.10, p < 0.001). Conclusion: The prevalence of AAE was 4.4% in ESKD patients and varied among different antibiotics. Anuria, history of central nervous system disorder and hypoalbuminemia were associated with AAE in ESKD patients. AAE is associated with worse outcomes in ESKD patients. ER  - 
Effect of cognitive behavioral intervention on anxiety, depression, and quality of life in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: This study aimed to investigate the effect of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) on quality of life, anxiety, and depression in patients with epilepsy. Methods: Each study subject was randomly assigned to a CBT (n=46) or control (n=49) group (1:1 ratio), and the first group underwent an 8-week CBT treatment. Anxiety, depression, and quality of life (QOLIE-31) were assessed at both baseline and endpoint using the Self-Rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), Hamilton Depression Scale (HDMA) and quality of life in Epilepsy-31 (QOLIE-31) scales. The statistical analyses included between-and within-group comparisons of the effects of CBT on these measures and associations with demographic and clinical variables. Results: No differences were found between variables at baseline (P>0.05). The repeated-measures analyses found that CBT group had greater improvement in depression score compared to the control group (P<0.05). The analysis of anxiety score showed that compared to the control group, CBT intervention had no statistical significance in the total anxiety population. However, the CBT intervention decreased anxiety in women and Combined-drug group (P<0.05). The CBT group had greater improvement in overall score, medication effect, and seizure worry score than the control group (P<0.05). Stratified analysis found total and medication effects score of CBT intervention group for the combined-drug group were higher than those of the single drug group (P<0.05). Conclusion: Increases in overall scores, seizure worry, cognitive functioning, and medication effect were better in the CBT group. CBT can improve anxiety, depression, and quality of life in patients with epilepsy. Women and combined-drug patients with epilepsy benefit most from CBT. ER  - 
Higher benefit-risk ratio of COVID-19 vaccination in patients with schizophrenia and major depressive disorder versus patients with bipolar disorder when compared to controls$$$ Patients with major psychiatric disorders (MPD) that include schizophrenia (SCH), bipolar disorder (BP), and major depressive disorder (MDD) are at increased risk for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). However, the safety and efficacy of COVID-19 vaccines in MPD patients have not been fully evaluated. This study aimed to investigate adverse events (AEs)/side effects and efficacy of COVID-19 vaccines in MPD patients. This retrospective study included 2034 patients with SCH, BP, or MDD who voluntarily received either BBIBP-CorV or Sinovac COVID-19 vaccines, and 2034 matched healthy controls. The incidence of AEs/side effects and the efficacy of COIVD-19 vaccinations among the two groups were compared. The risk ratio (RR) of side effects in patients with MPD was 0.60 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.53-0.68) after the first dose and 0.80 (95% CI: 0.65-0.99) following the second dose, suggesting a significantly lower risk in the MPD group versus healthy controls. The RRs of AEs did not differ between patients and controls. Notably, fully vaccinated patients exhibited a decreased risk of influenza with or without fever compared with controls (RR=0.38, 95% CI: 0.31-0.46; RR=0.23, 95% CI: 0.17-0.30; respectively). Further subgroup comparisons revealed a significantly lower risk of influenza with fever in MDD (RR=0.13, 95% CI: 0.08-0.21) and SCH (RR=0.24, 95% CI: 0.17-0.34) than BP (RR=0.85, 95% CI: 0.69-1.06) compared to controls. We conclude that the benefit-risk ratio of COVID-19 vaccination was more favorable in SCH or MDD versus BP when compared with controls. These data indicate that COVID-19 vaccines are safe and protective in patients with MPD from COVID-19. ER  - 
White matter cellular changes in ischemic injuries$$$ Objectives: The white matter ischemic changes described in the literature are not specific and include white matter rarefaction, axonal damage, myelin degeneration, astrocytic fragmentation and beading of its processes (clasmatodendrosis), oligodendrocyte loss, and microglial activation. This morphological spectrum overlaps with morphological features of many other conditions. This retrospective study aims to describe the cellular changes (using immunohistochemical studies) in a spectrum of ischemic leukoencephalopathy. Methods: We studied 24 white matter ischemic injury cases with a well-documented interval from the ischemic event of interest. The autopsy reports were reviewed for the clinical information and pathological features to select the most representative areas for other stains and immunostains: luxol fast blue with hematoxylin and eosin (LFB-HE), anti-amyloid precursor protein (APP), anti-glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), and anti-human leukocyte antigen (HLA-DR) antibodies. Results: The early changes detected in mild injury were axonal staining highlighted by APP immunostain and astrocytic and microglial reaction with no significant cellular loss. The most severe injury may lead to losing almost all cellular elements (complete infarct) and replacement by macrophages with time. Injuries in between resulted in a morphological spectrum of selective cellular injury (incomplete infarct), including apoptotic nuclei, axonal staining and swellings, clasmatodendrosis, and loss of ramified microglia. Conclusions: The pathological findings suggested that widespread axonal staining and swellings are early features followed or accompanied by loss of HLA-DR positive ramified microglia and then by astrocytes in ischemic leukoencephalopathy. The awareness of this morphological spectrum would prevent misdiagnosis, provide a better understanding of this condition and can guide future studies on this important and common subject. ER  - 
Characteristics of ivermectin toxicity in patients taking veterinary and human formulations for the prevention and treatment of COVID-19$$$ Background: US poison control centers reported increased cases of ivermectin toxicity during the COVID-19 pandemic. Previous descriptions of ivermectin toxicity have evaluated heterogeneous groups with a variety of ivermectin sources and dosage patterns. We sought to compare the clinical effects of ivermectin toxicity in patients taking human- vs. veterinary-formulations and acute- vs. chronic-ingestion patterns. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of cases from the Oregon Poison Center of ivermectin exposures for the prevention or treatment of COVID-19 that resulted in a healthcare visit over a 24-week period (14 August 2021 − 31 January 2022). Results: We identified 37 cases of ivermectin toxicity. The median age of patients was 64 years, and most patients were male. The majority of patients were hospitalized (21) or treated in an emergency department (13). A minority were treated in an outpatient setting (3) and one patient died. Seventeen ingested veterinary formulations and fifteen ingested prescription tablets. Patients reported taking ivermectin for treatment (23) and prevention (14) of COVID-19. Clinical effects included neurotoxicity (30), gastrointestinal symptoms (14), and musculoskeletal complaints (7). Patients taking veterinary products took higher doses of ivermectin and had higher rates of altered mental status than those taking prescription tablets. Patients taking ivermectin chronically took smaller doses (daily dose of 13.5 mg) over a prolonged period (median 3.8 weeks) and developed toxicity that was milder than those with acute ingestions. Conclusion: Ivermectin toxicity developed in predominantly male patients >60 years old who ingested higher than recommended doses and developed neurologic symptoms. Patients who took a veterinary formulation of ivermectin ingested large single doses or large daily doses for several days and developed rapid onset of neurotoxicity. Patients with chronic toxicity developed milder symptoms and tended to take typical therapeutic doses, but continued therapy for weeks rather than days. ER  - 
Stigma and determinant factors among patients with mental disorders: Institution-based cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: To assess prevalence and its associated factors of perceived stigma among patients with mental disorders who had appointment for treatment at Debre Markos, Finote Selam, and Felege Hiwot Hospitals, Ethiopia, 2019. Methods: At selected hospitals in the Amhara Region, an institution-based cross-sectional study was conducted from 1 February to 1 March 2019. Participants were selected using systematic random sampling technique and data were collected using a standardized questionnaire. The Internalized Stigma Scale was designed to examine the stigma associated with mental disorders. The data were coded and enter into Epi data version 4.4.2.1 before being exported to SPSS version 20 for analysis. Odds ratios and 95% confidence interval were used to show the strength of the association. Results: A total of 610 participants were participated, with a response rate of 98.6%, and 215 (35.2%) of them reported a high level of perceived stigma. Being single (adjusted odds ratio = 1.84, 95% confidence interval: 1.12, 3.02), accessing their medication freely (adjusted odds ratio = 1.70, 95% confidence interval: 1.08, 2.67), having suicidal thoughts (adjusted odds ratio = 1.95, 95% confidence interval: 1.25, 3.03), having low social support (adjusted odds ratio = 5.09, 95% confidence interval: 2.95, 8.76), age 25–34 years (adjusted odds ratio = 1.94, 95% confidence interval: 1.11, 3.40), age 35–44 years (adjusted odds ratio = 2.10, 95% confidence interval: 1.06–4.18), and age > 44 years (adjusted odds ratio = 3.48, 95% confidence interval: 1.67, 7.24) were revealed to be significantly associated with high perceived stigma after multivariable logistic regression analysis (p < 0.05). Conclusion: The prevalence of high perceived stigma was 35.2%, which is found to be high among people who have mental disorders in this study. Being single, accessing their medication freely, having suicidal thoughts, having low social support, and being within the age of (25–34), (35–44), > 44 were all found to be significantly associated with high perceived stigma (p < 0.05). But married, access medication by fee, have no suicidal thought, having moderate and strong social support, and young age were significantly associated with low perceived stigma. ER  - 
Neurological and Psychiatric Disorders in Patients with Rheumatic Heart Disease: Unveiling what is Beyond Cardiac Manifestations$$$ Background: Rheumatic heart disease (RHD) is the most serious manifestation of rheumatic fever, which may also affect the brain. The current study assessed the prevalence of neuropsychiatric manifestations in patients with RHD, including clinical features associated with basal ganglia motor dysfunction (BGMD). Methods: We conducted neurologic and psychiatric assessments in consecutive patients with RHD referred to a tertiary center for heart valve diseases. Echocardiography was performed to assess the pattern of valvular involvement and RHD severity. Validated questionnaires for the evaluation of cognition, depression, anxiety, and obsessive-compulsive symptoms (OCS) were applied. BGMD was clinically defined by the presence of hyperkinetic movement disorders. Results: Fifty patients with age of 43.2 ± 10.8 years, 84% female, were included. Mitral valve was affected in 47 patients (94%), and 21 of them (42%) also had aortic valve involvement. Chorea (22%), chronic tics (18%), OCS (48%), major depression (34%), generalized anxiety disorder (54%), cognitive complaints (66%), migraine (52%) and seizures (18%) were frequently reported. The factors associated with BGMD were age (p = 0.018), major depression (p = 0.013), and Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive (Y-BOCS) score (p = 0.011). The severity of heart disease was not associated with BGMD. Conclusions: Neuropsychiatric manifestations are frequent in RHD patients, which may persist up to three decades after acute rheumatic fever. Age, major depression and severity of OCS were independently associated with BGMD. These manifestations deserve a close attention of clinicians and researchers dealing with adult patients with RHD. ER  - 
Angiotensin-converting enzyme genetic variants do not influence response to risperidone in autistic children$$$ Genetics has been found to have a prominent role in autism and therefore pharmacogenetics may guide us to a better management of this disorder. Given the importance of Renin-Angiotensin System (RAS) in the function of the brain and its possible association with autism, genetic variations of RAS may influence response to autism treatment. In this study, 83 autistic children were enrolled (3 to 12 years of age). Degree of autism was confirmed by the DSM-V criteria and response to treatment was measured according to Aberrant Behavior Checklist (ABC) scale at baseline, 4 and 12 weeks of risperidone therapy. Polymorphisms (ACE I/D, rs4343 and rs4291) were determined by PCR-RFLP. Our results indicate the positive role of long term therapy in autism (12 weeks vs 4 weeks). The highest response rate in ACE ID gene was in the DD genetic variant at both 4 and 12 weeks of treatment. For the ACE A2350G gene, all genetic variants did not respond well to treatment at 4 weeks, however at 12 weeks, positive response was dominant in the AG genetic variant. Highest response rate in the ACE A240T gene belonged to the AT variant at both 4 and 12 weeks of treatment. However, our results indicate no significant association between ACE gene polymorphisms and response to risperidone therapy in autistic children based on ABC scaling. In conclusion, this study does not support the hypothesis of involvement of RAS genetics in response to risperidone in autistic children. ER  - 
Motor Skill Improvement Using Compressive Garments in a Child with Multidimensional Impairments and Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome$$$ We report the case of an 8-year-old child with a complex neurodevelopmental disorder, including severe developmental coordination disorder with dysgraphia, anxiety and depression, mild social functioning impairments, headache and chronic musculoskeletal pain, secondary to Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (EDS) hypermobility type. We explored whether wearing whole-body compressive garments (CGs) could improve his motor skills assessed through standardized and experimental procedures. In addition to the effectiveness of CGs on pain, we found partial improvements in his motor skills, specifically postural control, hand movements, and body schema representation, after wearing CGs for 15 days. During an experimental motor imitation task with a virtual tightrope walker, we found improvements in interpersonal synchronization with performances closer to those of typical developing (TD) controls. We conclude that CGs appear to be an innovative and interesting adjuvant treatment for motor skill impairments in children with multidimensional impairments involving EDS. These promising results require confirmation by further evidence-based research. ER  - 
Multiple Comorbidities, Psychiatric Disorders, Healthcare Resource Utilization, and Costs Among Adults With Essential Tremor: A Retrospective Observational Study in a Large US Commercially Insured and Medicare Advantage Population$$$ Background: Essential tremor (ET), the most common movement disorder, often impairs patients' ability to perform activities of daily living, mental health, and quality of life. Objectives: To assess comorbidities, psychiatric disorders, healthcare resource utilization (HCRU), and costs among patients with ET compared with patients without ET. Methods: This retrospective observational study was conducted using a large US administrative claims database. Patients with ET were identified during the study period (1/1/2017-12/31/2019). The earliest claim date with ET diagnosis was identified as the index date. An index date was assigned randomly for each non-ET patient. Patients had to be at least 22 years old and be enrolled in the health plan for at least 6 months before and at least 12 months after the index date. Patients with and those without ET were matched 1:1 on age, gender, payer type, and first 3 digits of their ZIP code. Comorbidities were assessed using data within 6 months prior to the index date. Psychiatric disorders, HCRU, and costs were examined using data within 12 months after the index date. Results: The mean (SD) age of ET patients (n = 5286) was 70.8 (11.8) years, 49.1% were female, and 82.9% were Medicare Advantage members. In the 12 months following the index date, 26.0% of patients had no insurance claims for ET-related pharmacotherapy or invasive therapies. Patients with ET had a higher number of comorbidities than non-ET patients (5.3 [3.2] vs 4.0 [3.3]); a higher prevalence of psychiatric disorders (depression: 25.6% vs 15.3%; adjusted odds ratio (AOR) [95% CI], 1.56 [1.41- 1.73]; anxiety: 27.7% vs 15.5%, AOR: 1.78 [1.61-1.96]); and higher total healthcare costs: $17 560 [$39 972] vs $13 237 [$27 098], adjusted cost ratio [95% CI]: 1.11 [1.06-1.16]; all P<.0001. Discussion: Highly prevalent multiple comorbidities and psychiatric disorders should be considered in the context of clinical decision-making to optimize ET management. Conclusions: This study represents the largest observational study to report ET disease and economic burdens in a real-world setting. The data demonstrate increased comorbidity, mental health, and healthcare cost burdens among ET patients compared with matched non-ET patients. These findings underscore the need for innovative care for this complex population. ER  - 
The overlapping relationship among depression, anxiety, and somatic symptom disorder and its impact on the quality of life of people with epilepsy$$$ Background: Emotional disorder is an important indicator for assessing the quality of life (QOL) of people with epilepsy (PWE). Depression, somatic symptom disorder (SSD) and anxiety are among the most frequently occurring mental disorders and overlap with each other. Objectives: This study examines the overlap of these three emotional disorders and their effects separately and in combination on the QOL of PWE. Design: Cross-sectional study. Data Sources and Methods: Adults attending our epilepsy clinic between 1 July 2020 and 1 May 2022 were consecutively enrolled. They were screened for depression, SSD, and anxiety by structured interviews, and demographic, epilepsy-related and QOL indicators were collected. Multivariate analysis, propensity score matching (PSM) and stratified analysis were used to explore the effects of their respective and combined effects on QOL. Results: Among the 749 patients, 189 patients (25%) were diagnosed with depression, 183 patients (24%) were diagnosed with SSD, and 157 patients (21%) were diagnosed with anxiety. The frequency of occurrence of each emotional disorder together with other emotional disorders was higher than the frequency of occurrence of an emotional disorder alone. Depression, SSD, and anxiety all had an independent effect on QOL of PWE (p < 0.001). Depression had the greatest effect, followed by SSD, and then anxiety (β: multivariate analysis, −11.0 versus –7.8 versus –6.5; PSM, −14.7 versus –9.4 versus –6.8). The QOL of PWE decreased more significantly with the increasing number of comorbid emotional disorders (β: –12.1 versus –20.7 versus –23.0). Conclusion: It is necessary to screen for three emotional disorders, that is, depression, SSD, and anxiety, in PWE. Attention should be paid to people with multiple comorbid emotional disorders. ER  - 
Clinical feasibility and treatment outcomes with nonselected autologous tumor-infiltrating lymphocyte therapy in patients with advanced cutaneous melanoma$$$ Nonselected autologous tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) may provide advantages over other treatments for solid tumors, including checkpoint inhibitor-refractory melanoma. This retrospective analysis reports a single-center experience of nonselected autologous TILs derived from digested tumors for compassionate use treatment of advanced cutaneous melanoma, including after programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1) inhibition. Patients with histologically confirmed metastatic cutaneous melanoma and no standard-of-care treatment options underwent tumor resection for TIL product manufacturing. Patients received lymphodepleting chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide for 2 days and fludarabine for 5 days, followed by a single TIL infusion and post-TIL high-dose interleukin (IL)-2. Safety assessments included clinically significant adverse events (AEs). Efficacy assessments included overall response rate (ORR), complete response (CR) rate, disease control rate (DCR), and overall survival. Between October 2011 and August 2019, 21 patients underwent treatment (median follow-up time, 52.2 months from TIL infusion). Among all treated patients, median age was 45 years, median number of disease sites was 4, 100% had M1c or M1d disease, and 90% received prior checkpoint inhibitor. Twelve patients received TILs after prior PD-1 inhibition. The safety profile among all treated patients and the prior PD-1 inhibitor subgroup was generally consistent with lymphodepletion and high-dose IL-2. No treatment-related deaths occurred. Among all patients, the ORR was 67%, CR rate was 19%, and the DCR was 86%, which was consistent with that observed in the prior PD-1 inhibitor subgroup (58%, 8%, and 75%, respectively). Median overall survival in all treated patients and the prior PD-1 inhibitor subgroup was 21.3 months. In total, 5 patients (24%) had durable ongoing responses (>30 months post-TIL infusion) at data cutoff, and all patients who achieved CR remained alive and disease free. To further illustrate how TIL therapy may integrate into established treatment paradigms, several case studies of patients treated in this series were included. Overall, these data demonstrate that manufacturing of nonselected autologous TILs from tumor digests is feasible and resulted in high rates of durable response in poor-risk patient populations, which may address significant unmet medical need. ER  - 
Increased T- and B-cells associated with the phenotype of autoimmune limbic encephalitis with mainly memory dysfunction$$$ Background: Our goal is to investigate the autoantibodies’ presence and immune cells in the bioprobes of autoimmune encephalitis (AE) patients with distinct phenotypes as a promising target in AE. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed immune cells via flow cytometry, serum and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) autoantibodies, electroencephalography, magnetic resonance imaging in 94 AE patients with suspected temporal lobe epilepsy and classified neuropsychological phenotypes according to their occurrence. Results: We detected different phenotypes in 94 AE patients [10.6% with isolated memory dysfunction (MEM), 11.7% with mood-dysfunction, 12.7% with mood and memory dysfunction, 13.8% with memory and attention dysfunction, 18.1% with memory, mood and attention disturbances and 20.2% with no mood, memory or attention dysfunction]. We did discern a relevant association of phenotypes and CSF antibody-positivity on CSF CD4+ T-cells, CD8+T-cells and HLADR + CD8+T-cells in our patients with MEM presenting elevated CD8+T-cells and HLADR + CD8+T-cells. Furthermore, CSF CD19+B-cells differed significantly between phenotypes in patients with MEM. Discussion: Taken together, the phenotypes in combination with CSF antibody-positivity are biomarkers for stratifying patients. Furthermore, our results confirm the role of CD4+ T-cells, CD8+T-cells and CD19+B-cells in AE patients with a memory dysfunction, providing insights into AE pathogenesis. Our preliminary results should be confirmed by larger-scale investigations. ER  - 
Periodic Artifact Removal With Applications to Deep Brain Stimulation$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) therapies have shown clinical success in the treatment of a number of neurological illnesses, including obsessive-compulsive disorder, epilepsy, and Parkinson's disease. An emerging strategy for increasing the efficacy of DBS therapies is to develop closed-loop, adaptive DBS systems that can sense biomarkers associated with particular symptoms and in response, adjust DBS parameters in real-time. The development of such systems requires extensive analysis of the underlying neural signals while DBS is on, so that candidate biomarkers can be identified and the effects of varying the DBS parameters can be better understood. However, DBS creates high amplitude, high frequency stimulation artifacts that prevent the underlying neural signals and thus the biological mechanisms underlying DBS from being analyzed. Additionally, DBS devices often require low sampling rates, which alias the artifact frequency, and rely on wireless data transmission methods that can create signal recordings with missing data of unknown length. Thus, traditional artifact removal methods cannot be applied to this setting. We present a novel periodic artifact removal algorithm for DBS applications that can accurately remove stimulation artifacts in the presence of missing data and in some cases where the stimulation frequency exceeds the Nyquist frequency. The numerical examples suggest that, if implemented on dedicated hardware, this algorithm has the potential to be used in embedded closed-loop DBS therapies to remove DBS stimulation artifacts and hence, to aid in the discovery of candidate biomarkers in real-time. Code for our proposed algorithm is publicly available on Github. ER  - 
A Comparative Study of Levetiracetam and Phenobarbital for Neonatal Seizures as a First Line Treatment$$$ Objectives: We aimed to evaluate the use of intravenous levetiracetam as the first-line treatment of neonatal seizures compared with phenobarbital. Methods: The study was conducted on 104 neonates (0-28 days) with clinical seizures after inclusion criteria. They were assigned in equal ratio into 2 groups; 1 included neonates who received phenobarbitone, and the other included neonates who received levetiracetam. Neonates were loaded with 20 mg/kg of intravenous drug-A (phenobarbitone) or drug-B (levetiracetam). In persistent seizures, a second loading dose of the same drug was given. Crossover to other drugs occurred if seizures persisted after the second dose of the same drug. The proportion of neonates who achieved cessation of seizures following the first or second loading dose of either drug-A or drug-B (PB or LEV) was the main outcome measure provided that they remained free of seizure for the following 24 hours. Results: After 1 or 2 doses of Levetiracatam or Phenobarbitone, clinical seizures stopped (and remained seizure-free for 24 hours) in 41 (78.84%) and 34 (65.38%) patients, respectively (P =.01). Neonates in the LEV group showed better seizure control than neonates in the PB group (RR = 0.57; 95% CI (0.17, 0.80). We did not report any adverse drug reactions in the LEV group. However, 12 (23.07%) neonates developed adverse drug reactions in the PB Group. Conclusion: Levetiracetam is considered an effective and safe drug as a first-line AED in neonatal seizures. ER  - 
Reasons for admission to a general medical hospital for patients taking clozapine$$$ Background: Clozapine is associated with a diverse range of side effects. In addition, patients prescribed clozapine commonly suffer with medical comorbidities. Objectives: This study aimed to characterise patients prescribed clozapine who required medical admission, understand reasons for admission, identify areas for interventions to prevent future admission and describe clozapine management during the inpatient stay. Design: We conducted a retrospective analysis of patients prescribed clozapine who were admitted to a general medical hospital in a 12-month period. Method: Data were collected using electronic drug charts and notes. Results: In total, 114 clozapine patients were hospitalised. Twenty-eight patients (25%) were admitted because of infection, 12 (11%) were elective admissions and 12 (11%) had gastrointestinal problems. Most patients admitted were Black (54%) and half were female. Few changes were made to clozapine dosing on admission or during the inpatient stay. Most patients had been taking clozapine for many years at the point of admission, the majority were able to continue taking it for the duration of their medical treatment and were discharged on the same dose they were taking prior to admission. Clozapine plasma concentrations were not consistently measured with only 18 (16%) patients having one or more plasma concentrations determined during their admission. The median clozapine plasma concentration on admission was 0.48 mg/L (nor-clozapine 0.21 mg/L), with a range of 0.09 to 3.9 mg/L. Three patients were admitted to the intensive care unit during their admission; all were discharged on clozapine. Four patients died; one from lung adenocarcinoma, one bowel obstruction, one cardiac arrest and one chest sepsis. In total, 27 patients (23%) had their clozapine stopped on admission, 6 (22% of this group) unintentionally. Conclusions: Our study found that the most common reason for admission for patients taking clozapine was infection. Plasma concentrations were not measured routinely despite clozapine having a narrow therapeutic index and enhanced potential for toxicity in the medically unwell patient. ER  - 
Acute metaldehyde poisoning from ingestion: clinical features and implications for early treatment$$$ Aims: To describe and compare the clinical features of patients with acute metaldehyde toxicity from suicidal and accidental ingestion of metaldehyde, and to elucidate factors influencing early treatment and disposition. Methods: We undertook a systematic review and retrospective analysis of the clinical characteristics and outcomes of patients with acute toxicity from ingesting metaldehyde. Results: Twenty-one cases identified between 1965 and 2021 were analyzed. The median age was 32 years (range, 3–68 years), and two-thirds of patients experienced symptoms (14/21, 67%). In symptomatic patients, gastrointestinal symptoms were present in two-thirds (9/14, 64%), and half experienced neurologic complications (8/14, 57%); of those with neurologic complications, half experienced seizures (8/14, 57%). There were near-equal cases of accidental and suicidal poisoning. Those who attempted suicide were likelier to develop symptoms (90% versus 45%, P = 0.031), experience seizures (60% versus 18%, P = 0.049), require intensive care (50% versus 9%, P = 0.038), and suffer longer hospitalizations (13.3 days versus 2.9 days, P = 0.005), despite no statistically significant differences in the doses of metaldehyde consumed when compared against patients with accidental ingestion (9.04 g versus 2.03 g, P = 0.09). Conclusion: The circumstances in which metaldehyde is consumed heavily influence clinical symptoms and outcomes. Early and close observation for seizures and adopting a lowered threshold for escalation to the intensive care unit are recommended in patients attempting suicide even when the dose ingested cannot be determined at that time, which is common during the early phases of treatment. ER  - 
Classification of pediatric headache cases referred to a neurology department$$$ Background: Headaches are very common in children. The patients often have mild symptoms, but on occasion may have severe, secondary headaches. The present study aimed to clarify the details of children with headaches seen at the outpatient clinic of a pediatric neurological department. Methods: The present, retrospective observational study was conducted at a tertiary pediatric hospital in Japan and enrolled children referred to the neurology department outpatient clinic for headache between April 2018 and March 2021. Results: In total, 113 cases of headache were examined; of these, 99 (87.6%) were primary headaches, one case (0.9%) was a secondary headache, and 13 (11.5%) were unclassified or unspecified. There were 46 cases (40.7%) of tension-type headache (TTH), both confirmed and suspected, 30 cases (26.5%) of migraine, and 23 cases (20.4%) of a combination of the TTH and migraine. One case of secondary headache was attributed to an infection. Arachnoid cysts were found in seven patients (7.8%). Acute drug treatments were administered to 93 patients (82.3%), with acetaminophen being the most common drug, followed by ibuprofen. Prophylactic drug treatments were administered to 39 patients (34.5%), with goreisan (a Chinese herbal medicine containing Alisma orientale, Poria cocos, Polyporus umbellatus, Atractylodes lancea, and Cinnamomum cassia) being the most common (41%). Conclusions: Few cases of secondary headache and none of emergency headache were diagnosed. The prevalence of arachnoid cysts was higher than in the general pediatric population, suggesting that arachnoid cysts might be associated with headache. ER  - 
Involvement of brain structures in childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes$$$ Background: We aimed to investigate electroencephalography (EEG)-functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) findings to elucidate the interictal epileptiform discharge (IED)-related functional alterations in deep brain structures and the neocortex in childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (CECTS). Methods: Ten children with CECTS (median age 8.2 years), referred to our hospital within a year of onset, were eligible for inclusion. They underwent EEG-fMRI recording during sleep. Llongitudinal evaluations, including medical examinations, intelligence tests, and questionnaires about developmental disabilities, were performed. The initial evaluation was performed at the same time as the EEG-fMRI, and the second evaluation was performed over 2 years after the initial evaluation. Results: Three children were unable to maintain sleep during the EEG-fMRI recording, and the remaining seven children were eligible for further assessment. All patients showed unilateral-dominant centrotemporal spikes during scans. One patient had only positive hemodynamic responses, while the others had both positive and negative hemodynamic responses. All patients showed IED-related hemodynamic responses in the bilateral neocortex. For deep brain structures, IED-related hemodynamic responses were observed in the cingulate gyrus (n = 4), basal ganglia (n = 3), thalamus (n = 2), and default mode network (n = 1). Seizure frequencies at the second evaluation were infrequent or absent, and the longitudinal results of intelligence tests and questionnaires were within normal ranges. Conclusions: We demonstrated that IEDs affect broad brain areas, including deep brain structures such as the cingulate gyrus, basal ganglia, and thalamus. Deep brain structures may play an important role in the pathophysiology of CECTS. ER  - 
Evaluation of suicide probability in children and adolescents with epilepsy$$$ Background: We aimed to examine suicide probability, factors affecting suicide, and personality traits of children and adolescents diagnosed with epilepsy, and to compare their results with those of children without epilepsy. Methods: Fifty-six children diagnosed with epilepsy and 56 control children, aged 11–16 years, were evaluated by using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders diagnostic criteria, the Kiddie Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia Present and Lifetime Version, the Child Depression Inventory, the Suicide Probability Scale (SPS), and the Personality Inventory for DSM-5 – Brief Form – Children (PID-5-BF) scales. Factors predicting suicide risk in children with epilepsy were analyzed. Results: The mean age, SPS total score, and hopelessness subscale score, PID-5-BF total score as well as disinhibition and psychoticism subscale scores of the epilepsy group were significantly higher than those of the control group (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of the Child Depression Inventory, and other subscales of the Suicide Probability Scales and PID-5-BF scales. The SPS total score was higher in patients with comorbid psychiatric diseases, those using psychiatric drugs, and girls (P < 0.05). An ANCOVA analysis indicated that the most important factor that predicted the probability of suicide and its subscale scores was the level of depression, and the presence of epilepsy was not predictive. Conclusions: We found a high probability of suicide and personality pathology in children with epilepsy but the main predictor of suicide probability was the level of depression, not the presence of epilepsy. ER  - 
Associations of levetiracetam use with the safety and tolerability profile of chemoradiotherapy for patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma$$$ Background: Levetiracetam (LEV) is one of the most frequently used antiepileptic drugs (AED) for brain tumor patients with seizures. We hypothesized that toxicity of LEV and temozolomide-based chemoradiotherapy may overlap. Methods: Using a pooled cohort of patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma included in clinical trials prior to chemoradiotherapy (CENTRIC, CORE, AVAglio) or prior to maintenance therapy (ACT-IV), we tested associations of hematologic toxicity, nausea or emesis, fatigue, and psychiatric adverse events during concomitant and maintenance treatment with the use of LEV alone or with other AED versus other AED alone or in combination versus no AED use at the start of chemoradiotherapy and of maintenance treatment. Results: Of 1681 and 2020 patients who started concomitant chemoradiotherapy and maintenance temozolomide, respectively, 473 and 714 patients (28.1% and 35.3%) were treated with a LEV-containing regimen, 538 and 475 patients (32.0% and 23.5%) with other AED, and 670 and 831 patients (39.9% and 41.1%) had no AED. LEV was associated with higher risk of psychiatric adverse events during concomitant treatment in univariable and multivariable analyses (RR 1.86 and 1.88, P < .001) while there were no associations with hematologic toxicity, nausea or emesis, or fatigue. LEV was associated with reduced risk of nausea or emesis during maintenance treatment in multivariable analysis (HR = 0.80, P = .017) while there were no associations with hematologic toxicity, fatigue, or psychiatric adverse events. Conclusions: LEV is not associated with reduced tolerability of chemoradiotherapy in patients with glioblastoma regarding hematologic toxicity and fatigue. Antiemetic properties of LEV may be beneficial during maintenance temozolomide. ER  - 
Positive anxiety or depression screen despite ongoing antidepressant prescription in people with epilepsy: A large cross-sectional analysis$$$ Purpose: While antidepressants are recommended to manage anxiety or depression in epilepsy, limited effectiveness data exist in real-world epilepsy samples, and prior work indicated frequent positive screens despite antidepressant prescription. In response, this study evaluates factors associated with positive anxiety or depression screen during ongoing antidepressant prescription. Methods: Clinical and sociodemographic characteristics were collected among consecutive adult epilepsy clinic patients completing validated anxiety and depression instruments. The sample was divided by presence vs absence of existing antidepressant prescription at time of screening. Among those on an antidepressant, multivariable logistic regression was performed on pre-selected characteristics to evaluate for association with positive anxiety and/or depression screen. Pre-selected characteristics included: antidepressant dose, antidepressant prescriber specialty, antiseizure medications (number, potential psychotropic effects), seizure frequency, employment, visit no-shows, and medical insurance. Results: Of 563 people with epilepsy, 152 had evidence of antidepressant prescription at time of screening and 73/152(48%) had positive anxiety and/or depression screen. Multivariable modeling demonstrated low antidepressant dose and no-show visit(s) were associated with positive screens (adjusted OR 2.29, CI 1.00–5.48 and 3.11, 1.26–8.22 respectively). Conclusion: Low antidepressant dose and factors potentially associated with adherence (visit no-shows) may contribute to persistent anxiety and/or depression among epilepsy patients on an antidepressant. ER  - 
Identification of Early Onset Dementia in Population-Based Health Administrative Data: A Validation Study Using Primary Care Electronic Medical Records$$$ Background: Early onset dementia (EOD) occurs when symptoms of dementia begin between 45 to 64 years of age. Objective: We developed and validated health administrative data algorithms for EOD and compared demographic characteristics and presence of comorbid conditions amongst adults with EOD, late onset dementia (LOD) and adults with no dementia in Ontario, Canada. Methods: Patients aged 45 to 64 years identified as having EOD in their primary care electronic medical records had their records linked to provincial health administrative data. We compared several combinations of physician's claims, hospitalizations, emergency department visits and prescriptions. Age-standardized incidence and prevalence rates of EOD were estimated from 1996 to 2016. Results: The prevalence of EOD for adults aged 45 to 64 years in our primary care reference cohort was 0.12%. An algorithm of ≥1 hospitalization or ≥3 physician claims at least 30 days apart in a two-year period or ≥1 dementia medication had a sensitivity of 72.9% (64.5-81.3), specificity of 99.7% (99.7-99.8), positive predictive value (PPV) of 23.7% (19.1-28.3), and negative predictive value of 100.0%. Multivariate logistic regression found adults with EOD had increased odds ratios for several health conditions compared to LOD and no dementia populations. From 1996 to 2016, the age-adjusted incidence rate increased slightly (0.055 to 0.061 per 100 population) and the age-adjusted prevalence rate increased three-fold (0.11 to 0.32 per 100 population). Conclusion: While we developed a health administrative data algorithm for EOD with a reasonable sensitivity, its low PPV limits its ability to be used for population surveillance. ER  - 
Identification of risk factors associated with hyponatremia in psychiatric patients: a casecontrol study$$$ Background and aims. Prompt recognition and optimal management of hyponatremia helps the physician devise a better treatment plan to prevent future complications in patients. Hence this study aims to identify the risk factors associated with hyponatremia in psychiatric patients. Methods. A case-control study was conducted among psychiatric inpatients in a tertiary care teaching hospital. Patients admitted from January 2013 to December 2017 were identified using ICD-10 code F01-F99. Patients with serum sodium levels < 135 mmol/L were considered to have hyponatremia and between 135-145 mmol/L as controls. Factors associated with hyponatremia were identified by multiple logistic regression, and the odds ratio (OR) was calculated. Results. Based on the inclusion and exclusion criteria, 264 cases of hyponatremia and 253 matching controls were included in the study. The mean age of patients with hyponatremia was 56.4 ± 16.8 years compared to 39.6 ± 13.9 years in controls, and 65.7% of them were males. Seizure disorder (OR = 3.14, p = 0.047), bipolar disorder (OR = 6.03, p = 0.001), depression (OR = 4.78, p = 0.0005), use of quetiapine (OR = 2.11, p = 0.007) and insulin (OR = 3.53, p = 0.038) were independent risk factors associated with development of hyponatremia. Conclusions. The chances of developing hyponatremia are increased in psychiatric patients with a seizure disorder, bipolar disorder, depression and using quetiapine or insulin. And they should be monitored carefully. ER  - 
EFFECT OF MICROSCOPIC KEYHOLE SURGERY ON NEUROLOGICAL FUNCTION AND PROGNOSIS OF PATIENTS WITH INTRACRANIAL SMALL MENINGIOMA$$$ Objective: To investigate the effect of keyhole surgery under the microscope on the neurologic function and prognosis of patients with intracranial small meningioma, and to verify the clinical efficacy of keyhole surgery under the microscope. Methods: As research subjects, 62 patients admitted to our hospital from January 2016 to December 2018 were included. They were divided into a control group and an observation group. The clinical data for the two groups of patients were analysed retrospectively. Patients in the control group underwent routine craniotomy. Observation group patients underwent keyhole surgery under the microscope. The postoperative neurological function and prognosis of the two groups of patients were compared and analysed, to verify the effects of keyhole surgery under the microscope in the treatment of intracranial small meningioma. The blood loss and operation time of the two groups of patients were also compared. In addition, the neurological function, complications, and prognosis of patients after operation were compared. Results: The results showed that the patients in the control group experienced more intraoperative blood loss and longer operation times. The probability of postoperative complications was also found to be higher. The neurological function and prognosis of the observation group were significantly better than those of the control group. In the observation group, patients who underwent keyhole surgery under the microscope, neurologic function was less affected, and the operation was smoother. The prognosis and complications were also significantly better than those of the control group. The difference between the two groups was statistically significant (p<0.05). Conclusion: Keyhole surgery under the microscope has significantly better effects than routine craniotomy on the treatment of intracranial small meningiomas. Keyhole surgery optimizes the surgical procedure, reduces the risk of complications, reduces the impact on the patient’s neurologic function, and yields improved prognosis. ER  - 
EVALUATION OF SERVICE INTEGRATION IN PEOPLE WITH MENTAL ILLNESSES$$$ Introduction: In the last decade, many people with mental health problems still do not have access to good quality mental health care. Objective: To evaluate the perceived impact of a mental health care package (PASM) on the integration of elements of care. Methods: A controlled before-and-after study design was used in 20 health centers. Results: at baseline 10% of the intervention health facilities had basic support for the implementation of chronic disease care, by the end, 90% of the intervention group reported having reasonable support. Conclusions: Training workers to implement PASM interventions can lead to empowerment. ER  - 
Prognostic factors in traumatic brain injuries in emergency department$$$ Background: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in young adults. The Extended Glasgow Outcome Score (GOSE) has been introduced to assess the global outcome after brain injuries. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the prognostic factors associated with GOSE. Materials and Methods: This was a multicenter cross-sectional study conducted on 144 patients with TBI admitted at trauma emergency centers. The patients' information, including demographic characteristics, duration of hospital stay, mechanical ventilation and on-admission laboratory measurements, and on-admission vital signs, were evaluated. The patients' TBI-related symptoms and brain computed tomography (CT) scan findings were recorded. Results: GOSE assessments showed an increasing trend by the comparison of on-discharge (7.47 ± 1.30), within a month (7.51 ± 1.30) and within 3 months (7.58 ± 1.21) evaluations (P < 0.001). On-discharge GOSE was positively correlated with Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS)(r = 0.729, P < 0.001), motor GCS (r = 0.812, P < 0.001), Hb (r = 0.165, P = 0.048), and pH (r = 0.165, P = 0.048) and inversely with age (r = -0.261, P = 0.002), hospitalization period (r = -0.678, P < 0.001), pulse rate (r = -0.256, P = 0.002), white blood cell (WBC) (r = -0.222, P = 0.008), and triglyceride (r = -0.218, P = 0.009). In multiple linear regression analysis, the associations were significant only for GCS (B = 0.102, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0-0.202; P = 0.05), hospitalization stay duration (B = -0.004, 95% CI: -0.005 - 0.003, P = 0.001), and WBC (B = 0.00001, 95% CI: 0.00000014-0.000025; P = 0.024). Among imaging signs and trauma-related symptoms in univariate analysis, intracranial hemorrhage (ICH), interventricular hemorrhage (IVH) (P = 0.006), subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) (P = 0.06; marginally at P < 0.1), subdural hemorrhage (SDH) (P = 0.032), and epidural hemorrhage (EDH) (P = 0.037) was significantly associated with GOSE at discharge in multivariable analysis. Conclusion: According to the current study findings, GCS, hospitalization stay duration, WBC and among imaging signs and trauma-related symptoms ICH, IVH, SAH, SDH, and EDH are independent significant predictors of GOSE at discharge in TBI patients. ER  - 
Frequency of Psychiatric Comorbidity in Substance Use Disorder$$$ Many people who acquire substance use disorders (SUD) also have mental health issues, and vice versa. According to multiple national population surveys, over half of persons who have had a mental illness will also have a substance use disorder, and vice versa. Despite the fact that there are fewer studies on comorbidity among adolescents, research suggests that adolescents with substance use disorders have a high rate of co-occurring mental illness; more than 60% of adolescents in community-based substance use disorder treatment programs also meet diagnostic criteria for another mental illness. The prevalence of comorbid substance uses disorders and anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder, panic disorder, and post-traumatic stress disorder, is high, according to the data. Substance use problems frequently co-occur with mental illnesses such depression and bipolar disorder, as well as antisocial personality disorders. Major depression, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and other serious mental illnesses (SMI) are examples of significant mental illnesses. SUD affects about one out of every four people with SMI. The purpose of the study is to determine the frequency of psychiatric comorbidity in substance use disorder. All other variables in our study like type of substance use disorder, degree of substance use disorder, socioeconomic status and distribution of age showed insignificant relationship with type of psychiatric comorbidities with p-value ≤0.05 respectively. The correlations between marital status and the kind of psychiatric comorbidities were predominantly positive and statistically significant. Personality disorder was shown to be the most common psychiatric comorbidity in both single and married individuals, while major depression was the most common cause of psychiatric comorbidity among divorced patients. The findings of this study highlight the importance of thoroughly assessing patients for possible under-diagnosed multiple diagnoses and providing appropriate therapy. ER  - 
Children hydrocephalus in Togo: etiologies, treatment, and outcomes$$$ Background: Hydrocephalus is frequent in sub-Saharan African countries. The postinfectious hydrocephalus tends to decrease. The objective of this study was to identify the etiologies and outcomes of hydrocephalus. Methods: This was a retrospective study of hydrocephalus cases (0-15 years old) treated in the neurosurgery unit of the Sylvanus Olympio Hospital in Lomé over 10 years (2012-2021). At 1 year, the evolution distinguished in two categories: (1) Good psychomotor development: no delay in the acquisition of walking, language, and school. (2) Psychomotor delay: delay in the acquisition of walking, language, and school. Results: We reported 305 children treated for hydrocephalus representing 1.8% of all neurosurgery unit patients and 34.2% of pediatric pathologies. There was a male predominance (60.6%). We noted second degree consanguinity in 8.5%. The positive maternal serologies were HIV (12.4%), syphilis (8.2%), and toxoplasmosis (2.6%). A malaria episode had been treated during the first trimester in 36.7% of the mothers. The main clinical sign of hydrocephalus was 91.5% of Macrocephalus. Congenital Malformafions were the most common etiologies of hydrocephalus (68.5%). Ventriculoperitoneal shunt was the main surgical method used and 16 deaths were recorded. The medium-term evolution (1 year) was evaluated in 36.1% and noted 61.8% of psychomotor retardation. Conclusion: This study confirms the trend of the predominance of congenital causes of hydrocephalus in Africa, even if maternal infections can be involved in the development of some of them. The morbimortality of this pathology remains important, especially concerning neurocognitive outcomes. ER  - 
Neurological and Psychiatric Comorbidities in Bullous Pemphigoid$$$ Introduction: Bullous pemphigoid (BP) is an autoimmune skin disease that typically presents with severe itching and blistering, with or without eczematous and urticarial lesions. Patients with BP are at an increased risk of comorbid conditions, especially neurologic and psychiatric diseases. Several recent studies have found a link between BP and neurological disorders, especially stroke, dementia, and Parkinson's disease. The aim of our study was to evaluate the prevalence of neurological and psychiatric comorbidities and their treatment in BP patients. Methods: A cross-sectional, observational, descriptive study was conducted based on the analysis of the medical records of 105 patients with confirmed BP. Demographic and clinical data on BP, neurological and psychiatric comorbidities were collected and statistically analyzed for all patients. Results: The median age was 77.8±10.6 years (range, 39-98 years). Among the study group, 71 (67,61%) patients had neurological comorbidity. Comorbidity with the highest frequency was ischemic stroke found in 28 (26,67%) patients, followed by dementia in 27 (25,71%), Alzheimer's in 11 (10,48%) and Parkinson's disease 5 (4,76%) patients. It was noted that there was a statistically significant difference among male and female patients with Alzheimer's disease (p = 0,0046) and psychiatric disorder (p = 0,044). Conclusion: Neurological disorders usually precede the diagnosis of BP, and mortality may be higher in patients with comorbid conditions. Clinicians should be aware of the early signs and symptoms of BP, primarily in patients with primary neurological disorders such as dementia, stroke, or Parkinson's disease. ER  - 
Safety of Electro-Convulsive Therapy in Combination with Duloxetine in Treatment-resistant Depressive Patients: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Background: There are several strategies in the management of treatment-resistant depression (TRD), including the administration of other antidepressants, augmentation therapy, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and a combination of ECT and antidepressants. The safety of ECT combined with any medication must be confirmed. The aim of this study was to assess the safety of duloxetine and ECT combination therapy. Materials and Methods: In this randomized clinical trial, the probable side effects of ECT plus duloxetine were compared with ECT plus sertraline in two groups of admitted TRD patients. Patients with general medical diseases and/or any contraindications to ECT or any of the two drugs were excluded. General side effects, including nausea, vomiting, and headache reported by patients (hours after ECT) as well as cardiotoxicity by electrocardiogram (immediately after any ECT episode), cognitive status by mini-mental state examination (MMSE, one month after the last ECT), and seizure duration were recorded for each patient. Results: No significant differences were observed in nausea, vomiting, headache, and myalgia between ECT+duloxetine and ECT+sertraline groups. Heart rate, QTc interval, ST-T change, and the incidence of arrhythmia were the same between the two arms of the study. Also, no prolonged seizures and status epilepticus were recorded among the studied patients. The MMSE revealed no marked differences in the cognitive status among patients of the two groups. Conclusion: ECT+duloxetine and ECT+sertraline were equally safe in patients with TRD. ER  - 
Depression as Part of Comprehensive Geriatric Assessmenta Persistent Pain using Multiple Drug: Case Report$$$ Background: Pain management in the elderly is not only focused on the cause because there are many other aspects that can affect pain such as depression fear of making movements so that passive motion ends in stiff-ness which ultimately increases the level of pain which can actually be improved comprehensively. Method: This is a retrospective case report following analysis of patient clinical data. The patient provided written informed consent to publish de-tails of their case and accompanying images. The study protocol complies with the requirements of the institute committee of Dr. Cipto Mangunku-sumo Hospital, Jakarta, Indonesia. Results: A 66-year-old female patient was admitted to the hospital because of complaints of back pain that she had been experiencing for 4 months and which had worsened within 1 day before she was admitted to the hospital. The patient was assessed for persistent pain low back pain thoracic and lumbar vertebral compression fractures chronic kidney disease stage 5 (hemodialysis) symptomatic epilepsy focal clonic seizures without impaired awareness infiltrating intracranial cause plasmacytoma hospital acquired pneumonia hyperkalemia hypomagnesaemia multiple cystic causes multiple myeloma. Comprehensive geriatric assessment is a very important modality in managing problems related to the elderly pain. Pain is an unpleasant condition that is often experienced by the el-derly. The modality for overcoming pain is not only done by giving drugs but Comprehensive Geriatric Assessment (CGA) can also be performed to manage pain in the elderly. Conclusion: Comprehensive Geriatric Assessment (CGA) is a very important modality in screening to look for other factors that can affect the condition of the disease the therapeutic modality to be given and the prog-nosis. ER  - 
Towards a sensitive awake craniotomy: assessment of electrical mapping thresholds$$$ Background. Awake surgery is currently a safe and reliable alternative for identifying and preserving functional areas. However, this protocol has evolved over time to minimize the occurrence of electrical stimulation-induced seizures and postoperative deficits. Objective. The aim of this study is to highlight both internal and external factors influencing the language and sensorimo-tor thresholds of electrical stimulation mapping (ESM) during gliomas awake surgery. Material and methods. From October 2016 to April 2022, we performed a retrospective study on 74 patients underwent awake craniotomy of gliomas in two series based on ESM: group 1 and group 2. Preoperatively and three months after surgery, general performance and neurological deficits were assessed according to the type, location, and side of the tumor in correlation with ASA, BMI, Mallampati and KPS indexes. Results. The outcome shows that the median patient age was 49 years old in a range of [13-70], functional mapping was performed in language areas for 96% of patients and motor functions for 54%. In addition, 55.5% of the patients had HGG, 40.5% had LGG, and 4% had AVMs. Most lesions were in the temporal area (40.5%), followed by the frontal area (31%), 24.5% for insular area, 4% for the parietal area, and 85% of patients had left-sided lesions. The overall rate of intraopera-tive complications fell from 16.2% in group 2 to 1.35% in group 1. Conclusions. Under the ESM threshold of group 1, a high-quality of awake surgery can be used with optimally low complications and failure rates regardless of BMI, ASA rating, Mallampati and KPS scores or smoking status. ER  - 
Efficacy Of Adjunctive Rtms In Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizure In Children And Adolescents: A Randomized Double Blind Sham Controlled Study$$$ Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive method of stimulating focal areas of brain, which was initially developed as a tool to study localization of brain, is increasingly been used in neuropsychiatric research and clinical psychiatry. The effects of rTMS depend on the stimulation parameters, such as frequency and intensity (Wassermann et al, 1996). High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) induces activation and low frequency rTMS causes inhibition of cerebral cortex, modifying cortical excitability (Pascual-Leone et al, 1998). ER  - 
Autism Spectrum Disorder in Children with Epilepsy: A Case-Control Study in a Tertiary Care Hospital in Bangladesh$$$ Background: Autism spectrum disorders (ASD), a neurodevelopmental deficit, is often associated with epilepsy. Previous literature suggested that ASD and epilepsy share a common pathophysiological basis. Considering the scarcity of studies regarding ASD in children with epilepsy, this study was conducted with an aim to evaluate the association of ASD with epilepsy. Materials and Methods: This case-control study was conducted in the Department of Pediatric Neurology, Institute of Paediatric Neurodisorder and Autism, Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University, Dhaka, from September’ 2018 to December 2019. In total, 68 epileptic children, age ranged from five to 16 years, were enrolled as case. Similar number of non-epileptic, age, sex and socio-demographic status matched children were enrolled as control. Parent, teacher and self version of Bangla Development and Well-Being Assessment were used to assess the psychiatric disorders particularly ASD and diagnosis was assigned as Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-V). Results: The mean age of cases and controls were 9.66±3.13 and 9.26±3.11 years respectively with slight male predominance in both groups (64.7 and 57.35%, respectively). Focal seizure was predominant seizure type (51.5%) among cases. Higher proportion of psychiatric illness was found among the cases compared to controls (83.82 vs 20.59%; p<0.001). Neurodevdevelopmental and emotional disorders were significantly more frequent among cases than controls (29.42 vs 1.5%, and 50 vs 8.82%, respectively, p value <0.001). ASD was prevalent among 8.83% epileptic children, while none of the controls had ASD. Most common types of seizure in ASD children was focal epilepsy . Conclusions: This study observed the significant association of ASD with epilepsy in studied children. However, further larger multicenter study is recommended. ER  - 
Sleeping Medical undergraduate curriculum- Lack of knowledge in final year medical undergraduates regarding Sleep and Sleep disorders$$$ Introduction: This study was designed so as to use a standardised, validated questionnaire developed specifically to assess Sleep knowledge among medical students. It was also planned to assess if an educational intervention would improve knowledge related to sleep among these students. Materials and Methods: A cross sectional study was conducted on 1st year medical students of Govt. Medical College Patiala, just prior to the end of their first year. The Assessment of Sleep Knowledge in Medical Education (ASKME) Survey, which was designed as a standardized measure for the assessment of medical education in sleep, was administered as a pre-test and post-test, with an educational intervention in between. Results: Out of total strength of 200 final year Medical students present on the day of the study 162 gave consent to participate in the study. The pre-test mean scores was 53.76±15.48% and post-test mean score was 83.27±9.95%, which was significantly higher than pre-test score (p value=0.000). In the pre-test, out of 162, 66 students (40.74%) were in the high score group and 96 (59.26%) were in the low score group. In the post-test out of 162, 158 students (97.53%) were in the high score group and only 4 (2.47%) in low score group. Conclusion: In conclusion, final year Medical students had poor knowledge regarding Sleep and Sleep Disorders. An Educational Intervention improved the knowledge of Medical students regarding Sleep and Sleep Disorders. We propose to integrate Sleep Medicine into Medical curriculum during different years of Medical education. ER  - 
Awake craniotomy under 3-tesla intraoperative magnetic resonance imaging: A retrospective descriptive report and canadian institutional experience$$$ Background: The role of high-field 3-Tesla intraoperative magnetic resonance imaging (I-MRI) during awake craniotomy (AC) has not been extensively studied. We report the feasibility and safety of AC during 3-Tesla I-MRI. Methods: This retrospective descriptive report compared 3 groups: AC with minimal sedation and I-MRI; I-MRI-guided craniotomy under general anesthesia (GA), and; AC without I-MRI. Perioperative factors, surgical, anesthetic and radiologic complications, and postoperative morbidity and mortality were recorded. Results: Overall, 85 patients are included in this report. Five of 23 patients (22%) who underwent AC with I-MRI had anesthetic complications (nausea/vomiting and conversion to GA) compared with 3 of 40 (8%) who underwent I-MRI-guided craniotomy under GA (nausea/vomiting during extubation, and arrhythmia). Intraoperative surgical complications (seizures and speech deficits) occurred in 5 patients (22%) who underwent AC and I-MRI, excessive intraoperative bleeding occurred in 2 patients (5%) who had I-MRI-guided craniotomy under GA, and 4 of 22 (18%) patients who underwent AC without I-MRI experienced neurological complications (seizures, motor deficits, and transient loss of consciousness). Eight patients (20%) who had I-MRI with GA had postoperative complications, largely neurological. The duration of surgery and anesthesia were shortest in the group of patients receiving AC without I-MRI. Seventy-three percent of the patients in this group had residual tumor postoperatively compared with 44% and 38% in those having I-MRI with AC or GA, respectively. Patients who underwent I-MRI-guided craniotomy with GA had the highest morbidity (8%) at hospital discharge. Conclusions: Our institutional experience suggests that AC under 3-Tesla I-MRI could be an option for glioma resection, although firm conclusions cannot be drawn given the limited and heterogenous nature of our data. Future multicenter trials comparing anesthetic and imaging modalities for glioma resection are recommended. ER  - 
Comparing Copy Number Variations in a Danish Case Cohort of Individuals with Psychiatric Disorders$$$ Importance: Although the association between several recurrent genomic copy number variants (CNVs) and mental disorders has been studied for more than a decade, unbiased, population-based estimates of the prevalence, disease risks and trajectories, fertility, and mortality to contrast chromosomal abnormalities and advance precision health care are lacking. Objective: To generate unbiased, population-based estimates of prevalence, disease risks and trajectories, fertility, and mortality of CNVs implicated in neuropsychiatric disorders. Design, Setting, and Participants: In a population-based case-cohort study, using the Lundbeck Foundation Initiative for Integrative Psychiatric Research (iPSYCH) 2012 database, individuals born between May 1, 1981, and December 31, 2005, and followed up until December 31, 2012, were analyzed. All individuals (n = 57377) with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), major depressive disorder (MDD), schizophrenia (SCZ), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), or bipolar disorder (BPD) were included, as well as 30000 individuals randomly drawn from the database. Data analysis was conducted from July 1, 2017, to September 7, 2021. Exposures: Copy number variants at 6 genomic loci (1q21.1, 15q11.2, 15q13.3, 16p11.2, 17p12, and 17q12). Main Outcomes and Measures: Population-unbiased hazard ratio (HR) and survival estimates of CNV associations with the 5 ascertained psychiatric disorders, epilepsy, intellectual disability, selected somatic disorders, fertility, and mortality. Results: Participants' age ranged from 1 to 32 years (mean, 12.0 [IQR, 6.9] years) during follow-up, and 38 662 were male (52.3%). Copy number variants broadly associated with an increased risk of autism spectrum disorder and ADHD, whereas risk estimates of SCZ for most CNVs were lower than previously reported. Comparison with previous studies suggests that the lower risk estimates are associated with a higher CNV prevalence in the general population than in control samples of most case-control studies. Significant risk of major depressive disorder (HR, 5.8; 95% CI, 1.5-22.2) and sex-specific risk of bipolar disorder (HR, 17; 95% CI, 1.5-189.3, in men only) were noted for the 1q21.1 deletion. Although CNVs at 1q21.1 and 15q13.3 were associated with increased risk across most diagnoses, the 17p12 deletion consistently conferred less risk of psychiatric disorders (HR 0.4-0.8), although none of the estimates differed significantly from the general population. Trajectory analyses noted that, although diagnostic risk profiles differed across loci, they were similar for deletions and duplications within each locus. Sex-stratified analyses suggest that pathogenicity of many CNVs may be modulated by sex. Conclusions and Relevance: The findings of this study suggest that the iPSYCH population case cohort reveals broad disease risk for some of the studied CNVs and narrower risk for others, in addition to sex differential liability. This finding on genomic risk variants at the level of a population may be important for health care planning and clinical decision making, and thus the advancement of precision health care.. ER  - 
Factors determining the need for general anesthesia to deliver dental treatment for adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities$$$ Aim: To investigate factors determining the need for general anesthesia (GA) to deliver dental treatment for adult people with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD). Methods: This study involved a retrospective review of medical records of adult patients with IDD who received dental treatment under GA at Tabuk Specialist Dental Center, Saudi Arabia, between 2018 and 2020. Demographic characteristics and dental-related details, level of cooperation, and methods of delivering dental treatment were collected. Results: A total of 86 adult patients with IDD were included. The mean age of the study participants was 34.8 years (standard deviation [SD] 6.5), and the majority were males (n = 47, 54.7%). Eighteen patients had aphasia (20.9%), 16 had epilepsy (18.6%), and 10 had cerebral palsy (11.6%). Most dental treatments delivered were complex dental treatments (n = 39, 45.3%) followed by dental extraction (n = 25, 29.1%), and non-surgical periodontal therapy (n = 22, 25.5%). Females had higher odds of undergoing GA compared to males (Odds ratio (OR) =6.79, 95% Confidence intervals (CI): 1.62-28.41). Furthermore, patients who had aphasia had higher odds of undergoing GA compared to patients who had no medical conditions (OR = 14.03, 95% CI: 1.05-186.7). Conclusion: Being female or having aphasia are independent factors related to the need for GA to deliver dental treatment for Saudi adults with IDD. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of phenobarbital in acute alcohol withdrawal syndrome: A retrospective analysis$$$ INTRODUCTION: Current guidelines recommend benzodiazepines (BZDs) as first-line therapy for the treatment of severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS). In this setting, BZDs can often require frequent administration, result in respiratory depression or mechanical ventilation, and lead to prolonged hospital stays when monotherapy fails to control symptoms. Phenobarbital (PHB) poses several pharmacodynamic advantages in the context of acute AWS, including a dual mechanism of action and long duration of action (80-120 hours). The goal of this study is to evaluate the effect of an adjunctive IV PHB protocol on hospital length of stay (LOS). Additional indicators of treatment efficacy and safety include: LOS stratified by level of care; cumulative doses of BZDs administered; use of adjunct medications for refractory symptoms; and incidence of AWS-related complications such as seizures, new-onset delirium tremens (DTs), and the need for mechanical ventilation (MV). METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was performed of patients aged ≥ 18 years who were admitted for the acute management of AWS and treated with either a symptomtriggered, BZD-based protocol alone or in conjunction with intravenous (IV) PHB. PHB was administered as a one-time IV loading dose upon treatment initiation, however repeat doses were permitted for severe symptoms at the attending provider's discretion. RESULTS: Of the 239 patients included, 114 (47.7%) received BZD monotherapy and 125 (52.3%) received adjunctive PHB. Although hospital LOS was found to be statistically similar between the PHB and BZD groups (4.4 vs. 5.0 days; p = .252), use of PHB was associated with significant reductions in intensive care unit LOS (1.1 vs. 1.6 days; p = .006), incidence of new-onset DTs (10.4% vs. 25.4%; p = .008), and need for MV (6.4% vs. 14.0%; p = .049). CONCLUSIONS: This study supports favorable efficacy and safety outcomes with use of IV PHB as an adjunct to symptom-triggered BZD therapy in patients hospitalized for acute AWS, specifically with regard to reductions in ICU LOS, incidence of new-onset DTs, mechanical ventilation, and BZD utilization. These findings are consistent with those of prior studies, while also providing additional insight into clinical outcomes and adjunctive medication utilization in patients hospitalized for the management of AWS. ER  - 
The utility of routine EEG in the diagnosis of non-epileptic attack disorder in children$$$ Background: Non-epileptic attack disorders (NEAD) consist of non-epileptic seizures that superficially resemble epileptic seizures but without ictal electrical discharges in the brain. The 'gold standard' for diagnosis is a clear history, supported by video-telemetry (VT) to capture events. Capturing an event is very important and allows the question of whether this event is an epileptic seizure or not to be simply answered. Waiting for VT to confirm a diagnosis of NEAD can often lead to unnecessary delay as this investigation often encounters long waiting times. Aim: Determine the capture rate of a typical event during routine EEG testing in children referred with a suspicion of NEAD. Methods: Retrospective review of EEG referrals over a one-year period to a tertiary paediatric neurology department. EEG reports were reviewed on all children where the referral indicated a suspicion of non-epileptic attacks. Data collected included whether an event was captured, if it was their typical event and the type of EEG involved. Results: There were 834 referrals for EEG during this time period. There was a suspicion for NEAD in 17 (2%) referrals during this period. Regarding these referrals (n=17), the mean age was 14 years old (range 13-16years) and 76% were female. Majority of EEGs were routine EEG recordings lasting 1 hour in duration (routine vEEG 14; prolonged vEEG 1; VT 2). 79% (11/14) of routine EEGs captured a typical event. Inter-ictal EEGs were reported as normal in 13/14 cases (93%). Conclusions: Routine EEG is a readily available investigation that captured an event in 79% of cases in our cohort. Capturing a non-epileptic event is crucial for correct diagnosis and also for full understanding and acceptance of the diagnosis. Routine EEGs are more accessible, leading to faster identification of the correct management plan, thus avoiding un-necessary use of anti-epileptic medications and other investigations. ER  - 
Language disorder as a distinct phenotype in sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 1 (SCN1A)-related epilepsies$$$ Objective: Mutations in the sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 1 (SCN1A) typically result in epilepsy syndromes with phenotypic variability from mild to severe neurodevelopmental presentations. Previous literature suggests co-morbid conditions are likely, including intellectual disability (ID), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and impairments in motor, feeding, and speech domains. As a tertiary neurosciences centre seeing patients with SCN1A-related epilepsies, we sought to identify and describe the variation in neurodevelopmental presentation. Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis using standardised neurodevelopmental assessments following a developmental epilepsy protocol in a subset of our cohort with SCN1A-related epilepsy. Measures included cognition and adaptive function; language; social communication and behaviour. Results: In a cohort of 16 male, 17 female, patients aged 2-13 years (median 8.75), 45.5% had severe-profound ID, 18.2% mild-moderate ID, and 30.3% were borderline-average (missing: n=2). Additional diagnoses identified were ASD (48%), ADHD (9%). Further needs identified: behaviour that challenges (24%), sleep (30%), and behavioural feeding difficulties (12%). In those with moderately impaired-average intellect (n=16) the DSM-5 diagnosis: Language Disorder was confirmed in 4 children aged 7.8-12.7 years (25%); a further 4, aged 30-42 months, were high risk for the disorder (25%). Children with language disorder were older and this impairment was not previously identified. Conclusion: We report a distinct phenotype of language disorder in more intellectually able children with SCN1A-related epilepsies that is under-recognised in the literature. SCN1A pathogenic mutations may have a differential impact on language (separate from cognition), which may be an early marker in the developmental encephalopathy occurring in younger children. This is important as genetic therapies and other disease-modifying drugs are being trialled early in life. The phenotypic variability and late diagnosis of language disorder in this cohort would indicate that comprehensive multi-disciplinary assessment is a necessity for all these children. ER  - 
Paediatric limbic encephalitis: A multi-centre study$$$ Background: Autoimmune limbic encephalitis (LE) is a rare neuro-inflammatory condition with distinctive clinical and radiological features. Patients typically present with memory deficits, seizures, and psychiatric disturbances alongside radiologic changes in the medial temporal lobe. There is limited data on the clinical course and outcome in paediatric LE. Methods: The BPNA Childhood Neuroinflammatory Disease network identified children from six tertiary centres with LE<18 years old between 2008 and 2021. Clinical and paraclinical data were retrieved from the medical records. Outcomes were assessed using the modified Rankin Scale (mRS). Results: Twenty-five children were identified, with a median age at onset of 11 years (IQR 8, 14) and median follow-up of 24 months (IQR 18, 48). All children presented with seizures; of which 15/25 (60%) required intensive care for status epilepticus. Short-term memory deficit (n=20) was the next most frequent complaint. Behavioural change (n=19), additional cognitive difficulties in reasoning or processing speed (n=16), and visual/auditory hallucinations (n=6) were also reported. All cases had typical bilateral mesial temporal changes in all, of which 8/25 (32%) were asymmetrical. Extra-limbic changes with claustrum involvement were reported in 9/25 (38%). Neuronal anti-NMDAR antibodies (n=2), synaptic anti-GAD (n=2) and paraneoplastic antibodies anti-Hu (n=2) were detected in 6 cases. Steroids was administered in 23/25 (92%), intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) in 14/25 (56%) and plasma exchange in 7/25 (28%). Rituximab was administered in 15/25 (60%). After a minimum 6-month follow-up, 12/25 (48%) had refractory seizures and 15/25 (60%) had memory impairment. Five children (20%) had mRS scores ≥3. Conclusions: LE was associated with significant morbidity and adverse outcomes in this paediatric cohort. Additional extra-limbic radiological findings in the context of clinical features should also be considered within the LE phenotype. ER  - 
A retrospective study assessing seizure control in children with epilepsy under the district epilepsy service, St. George's Hospital (SGH) during 1st UK COVID-19 lockdown$$$ Objective: To determine whether patients' seizure control attending the SGH district paediatric epilepsy service was improved during the first COVID-19 UK lockdown period due to reduction in seizure triggering factors. At SGH, cancellation of face to face (FTF) clinics was substituted by telephone clinics during the pandemic. Methods: Retrospective review of 255 electronic patient records under the SGH district epilepsy service. Seizure control was determined by reviewing telephone clinic letters and using a proxy measure of seizure control by assessing additional patient-initiated contacts with epilepsy consultants, epilepsy nurse specialists (EMS) and emergency department (ED) attendance. Results: One hundred and five patients were excluded due to insufficient data on the electronic health records. Data was collected on the 150 remaining patients. Twenty-four scheduled consultant telephone clinics, 5 patient-initiated consultant contacts, 41 ENS and 7 patient seizure related ED admissions were identified. Review of clinic letters and absence of hospital contact indicated that 97 patients had good overall seizure control not requiring hospital input over that period. Reduced seizure triggering factors during the lockdown included less classroom related stress, longer overnight sleep, closer parental monitoring, better adherence to AED therapy, reduced social contacts and infection rate. Seven patients attended the ED (5 male, 1-15 years) with seizure exacerbations, 5 had poor seizure control, all had neurodevelopmental comorbidities (developmental delay, ADHD and ASD), all received monotherapy, 4 contacted SGH more than 3 times. Conclusions: Cancellation of routine FTF clinics did not appear to adversely affect seizure outcome, whilst restrictions imposed by the pandemic resulted in reduced patient-initiated hospital contact, suggesting that the elimination of some triggering factors for epilepsy had a positive impact on epilepsy control. In future routine clinic appointments may be partially substituted by ENS led or consultant telephone clinics. Seizure related issues formed only a small number of ED attendances. ER  - 
Characterizing the features, course and treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms in children and adolescents with autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Objective: Early recognition of autoimmune encephalitis (AE) is key, with the prognosis dependent on prompt immunomodulatory treatment. Psychiatric presentations are common in AE and difficult to differentiate from a primary mental health disorder, so the diagnosis is often not considered early. We aimed to describe the psychiatric symptomatology, disease course and management of children with an AE. Methods: Retrospective review of neuropsychiatric manifestations, course and treatment of children diagnosed with AE between 2016 and 2019 at the liaison psychiatry services in two UK paediatric neuroscience centres. Psychiatric symptoms were categorised in four main clusters (behavioural, speech, mood and psychotic features). Results: 16 patients (mean age 11.31, SD 2.98; 13 females) were identified of which 7 had NMDAR-antibodies (CSF and/or serum). Two had neurodevelopmental disorders and none of them had previous mental health problems. At presentation, symptoms were only psychiatric in 37.5% (6/16), only neurological in 18.8% (3/16); and mixed in 43.7% (7/16). The most frequent neuropsychiatric symptoms were psychosis (81.2%), disrupted sleep patterns (75%), mood dysregulation (75%), abnormal speech (56.2%), and disordered eating (37.5%). During the course of the illness, all patients had 2 or more psychiatric symptoms, with 43.7% (7/16) presenting concurrent symptoms in four clusters (behavioral, speech, mood and psychotic features), 18.7% (3/16) in three and 37.5% (6/16) in two. All cases eventually developed neurological symptoms, with delirium (81.2%) and seizures (68.7%) being the most common. Antipsychotics were poorly tolerated and produced worsening of symptoms in 25% of the cases (both NMDAR positive and non-NMDAR patients). Pharmacological treatment with benzodiazepines associated a better response and tolerability. Conclusion: Within the limitation of this small cohort, we recommend that AE should be strongly considered in children presenting with multiple concurrent psychiatric symptoms, particularly if there had been no prior psychiatric morbidity. ER  - 
The expanding genetic spectrum of alternating hemiplegia of childhood-like disorders: Looking further than ATP1A3$$$ Objective: Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood (AHC) is a rare neurological disease, characterized by paroxysmal episodes of alternating weakness. Previously, clinical criteria were used to establish diagnosis, until identification of the first causative gene, ATP1A3. Only 75-85% of cases can be attributed to ATP1A3 variants, suggesting a wider spectrum of genes causing AHC-like disorders. Methods: Patients with AHC-like disorders without ATP1A3 variants were identified in the AHC and Neurogenetic Movement Disorder clinics at Great Ormond Street Hospital. Molecular genetic diagnosis was achieved through research whole genome sequencing. Clinical data was collected through retrospective case note review. Results: We identified 5 patients with pathogenic mutations in 4 different genes. Patient 1 has a typical AHC phenotype fulfilling all classical clinical criteria. He had onset of paroxysmal episodes at age 4 months (hemiplegic and plegic events with some improvement after sleep), further paroxysmal events (dystonic, autonomic, epileptic), persistent neurological symptoms (dystonia, ataxia), and developmental delay. He carries a de novo heterozygous variant in UBE3A (c.2625-∗11del). Patients 2 and 3 also fulfil clinical criteria for typical AHC except for improvement in sleep. Patient 2 carries biallelic pathogenic TBC1D24 variants (c.457G>A;c.680G>T), whilst patient 3 was diagnosed with a de novo heterozygous variant in RHOBTB2 (c.1532G>A). Patients 4 and 5 are less typical; Patient 4 with the same RHOBTB2 variant has episodes of whole-body weakness, as well as dystonia, epilepsy, and developmental delay. Patient 5 suffers from paroxysmal hemidystonic episodes with cognitive impairment and carries a de novo novel homozygous frameshift variant in JPH3 (c.1310del). Conclusions: AHC shows clear genetic heterogeneity, and a broad spectrum of neurodevelopmental genes are implicated in disease pathogenesis. Novel gene identification will enable the curation of appropriate gene panels to optimise diagnostic testing. ER  - 
Neurological and radiological findings associated with paediatric inflammatory multisystem syndrome temporally associated with SARS-CoV-2 (PIMS-TS) in children$$$ Background: Neurological manifestations have been reported both in adults and children with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Paediatric inflammatory multisystem syndrome temporally associated with SARS-CoV-2 (PIMS-TS) is a recently described severe post-infectious immune-mediated disorder. Objective: Our aim was to report neurological manifestations of children with PIMS-TS. Methods: Patients (<18y) presenting to Great Ormond Street Hospital between April 4, 2020, and May 1, 2021 fulfilling PIMS-TS criteria, were included. Clinical and paraclinical features were retrieved retrospectively from electronic patient records. Results: Data was available for 125 patients who presented during the study period. Median age was 10 years (IQR 7, 12), 71 (56.8%) were male and 96 (76.8%) were of non-white ethnicities. New-onset neurological symptoms were reported in 73/125 (58.4%); headaches (n=47), encephalopathy (n=41), hallucinations (n=15), ataxia (n=12), dysarthria/dysphonia (n=12), peripheral nerve involvement (n=3), and seizures (n=1). Thirteen patients had CSF examined; one patient had 118 leukocytes in CSF. Abnormalities were noted in 16/32 patients with neuroimaging, with splenium of the corpus callosum signal changes most commonly seen in 9 patients. An excess of slow activity was found in 78/98 who had an EEG; 38 mild, 34 moderate and 7 had severe encephalopathy on EEG. Myopathic and neuropathic changes were seen in 7/12 who underwent nerve conduction studies and electromyography (EMG). Children with neurological involvement had higher peak inflammatory markers and were more likely to be ventilated and require inotropic support in PICU (p<0.05). Conclusions: Children with PIMS-TS presented with new neurological symptoms involving both the central and peripheral nervous systems, in the absence of respiratory symptoms. Neurological symptoms were seen more frequently in more severe presentations. ER  - 
Establishing reference intervals of Neurogranin in the cerebrospinal fluid$$$ Background: Neurogranin is a post-synaptic protein expressed in the neurons of the hippocampus and cerebral cortex. It has emerged as a promising biomarker of synaptic dysfunction in Alzheimer's Disease (1). However, there are still some limitations in transferring neurogranin from bench to bedside, including the lack of reference interval (RI). Establishing RI is mandatory before introducing a biomarker in clinical practice in order to ensure its appropriate interpretation. The aim of the study was to establish RI of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) neurogranin levels in individuals with nonneurodegenerative diseases.Methods: We performed a retrospective observational study at the University Hospital P. Giaccone of Palermo on 113 controls, including patients with non-neurodegenerative disorders, which are not characterised by synaptic degeneration, who underwent lumbar puncture for CSF analysis as part of their diagnostic evaluation. The CSF samples were collected between 8:00 a.m. and 10:00 a.m. from fasted patients. Specifically, the CSF was obtained by a lumbar puncture at the L3/4 or L4/5 interspace using a 21-gauge needle, collected in polypropylene tubes, centrifuged at 500 g for 20 min, aliquoted in propylene tubes and stored at #80°C until analysis. CSF neurogranin levels were measured by a commercial ELISA kit (Euroimmun, Lübeck, Germany), according to manufacturer instructions. CSF RI of neurogranin was calculated by the robust method.Results: A total of 113 individuals, 44 women and 69 men, were included in the study. Specifically, the study population consisted of patients with non-neurodegenerative diseases, including vascular encephalopathy, epilepsy, leukoencephalopathy, cervical myelopathy, normotensive hydrocephalus, idiopathic polyneuropathy, and conversion disorder. The median (IQR) age of the whole population was 63 (47-73) years. Lower and upper reference limits of the RI were 28 pg/mL (90%CI 21-39) and 1362 pg/mL (90%CI 1062-1820), respectively. No sex and age influence on CSF neurogranin levels was observed. Conclusion: This is the first study establishing the RI of CSF neurogranin. The next step will be to establish the clinical decision limits for diagnosing AD, identifying AD patients with accelerated cognitive decline, and monitoring therapies. ER  - 
Geographic Barriers Drive Disparities in Specialty Center Access for Older Adults with Huntington's Disease$$$ Background: Huntington's Disease Society of America Centers of Excellence (HDSA COEs) are primary hubs for Huntington's disease (HD) research opportunities and accessing new treatments. Data on the extent to which HDSA COEs are accessible to individuals with HD, particularly those older or disabled, are lacking. Objective: To describe persons with HD in the U.S. Medicare program and characterize this population by proximity to an HDSA COE. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study of Medicare beneficiaries ages ≥65 with HD in 2017. We analyzed data on benefit entitlement, demographics, and comorbidities. QGis software and Google Maps Interface were employed to estimate the distance from each patient to the nearest HDSA COE, and the proportion of individuals residing within 100 miles of these COEs at the state level. Results: Among 9,056 Medicare beneficiaries with HD, 54.5% were female, 83.0% were white; 48.5% were ≥65 years, but 64.9% originally qualified for Medicare due to disability. Common comorbidities were dementia (32.4%) and depression (35.9%), and these were more common in HD vs. non-HD patients. Overall, 5,144 (57.1%) lived within 100 miles of a COE. Race/ethnicity, sex, age, and poverty markers were not associated with below-average proximity to HDSA COEs. The proportion of patients living within 100 miles of a center varied from 10% (16 states) to > 90% (7 states). Most underserved states were in the Mountain and West Central divisions. Conclusion: Older Medicare beneficiaries with HD are frequently disabled and have a distinct comorbidity profile. Geographical, rather than sociodemographic factors, define the HD population with limited access to HDSA COEs. ER  - 
Avoiding Rash Decisions in the Treatment of Catatonia Following Brain Injury: A Case Report$$$ Case Description: An 18-year-old previously healthy male presented with the worst headache of his life. He was found to have a left temporal hemorrhage due to an arteriovenous malformation and underwent embolization. His hospital course was complicated by re-bleeding with intraventricular extension; hydrocephalus with ventriculoperitoneal shunt placement; status epilepticus; and dysautonomia. Dermatology was consulted after the patient was seen repeatedly scratching his body. A drug rash was ruled out and the patient was treated with a topical steroid cream. He was awake but mute and poorly interactive with occasional restless agitation; amantadine 200 mg twice daily was initiated with slight improvement. Upon admission to acute rehabilitation, he remained mostly mute and minimally interactive with episodes of restlessness and random physical aggression. Speech was notable for repetition of phrases and mimicking the examiner's speech. He appeared to be experiencing visual hallucinations. He continued to repeatedly scratch his abdomen and chest, but no rash was visible. Brief trials of modafinil 100 mg daily and quetiapine 75 mg nightly led to increased agitation. Results: Catatonia was suspected. Bush-Francis Catatonia Rating Scale (BFCRS) score was 23. Modafinil, amantadine, and quetiapine were discontinued. He was given a trial dose of lorazepam 1 mg and one hour later showed reduced agitation, stereotypies, and echolalia with a repeat BFCRS of 13. Lorazepam was titrated to 1 mg four times daily and memantine 10 mg daily was added for augmentation. He made significant functional gains, progressing to transferring and ambulating with contact guard assistance, engaging with all therapies, and having short conversations with his family. Discussion: Catatonia, more commonly known in the context of psychiatric disorders, can also occur in patients with brain injury. It is a psychomotor dysregulation disorder with features including but not limited to withdrawal, mutism, hyperactivity, echolalia, stereotypy, and impulsivity that can be difficult to distinguish from the neurobehavioral sequelae of brain injury. In this patient, the repetitive scratching initially attributed to rash was more likely a catatonic motor stereotypy, one of multiple catatonic signs present even during his acute care stay that were not diagnosed as such. First-line treatment of catatonia includes benzodiazepines, which are typically avoided in patients with brain injury due to their sedating properties and negative effects on recovery. However, in patients with catatonia due to brain injury, they can be a safe and effective treatment. Conclusion: Catatonia is a treatable mimic of fixed cognitive, behavioral, and motor deficits in brain injury. Diagnosis requires awareness of the syndrome and a high degree of suspicion. Catatonia is not routinely assessed in patients with brain injury, but appropriate identification and treatment can improve functional outcomes. Low dose lorazepam in select patients can be an effective treatment. ER  - 
Early Onset Dementia in Veterans With TBI: Is there an Additional Impact for those with Epilepsy?$$$ Research Objectives: To identify the association of TBI and epilepsy on diagnoses of early onset dementia (EOD) in a cohort of Post-9/11 era Veterans as both are associated with dementia in older individuals and are more common in Post-9/ 11 Veterans than the general population. Design: Retrospective observational study of Post-9/11 Veterans in VA care FY02-FY18 using national longitudinal data from Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs. Participants: Post-9/11 Veterans <65 years at VA care entry and >3 years of care. Main Outcomes: EOD was operationalized using ICD-9-CM/ 10 diagnoses for diagnoses found reliable in prior research (Alzheimer's and frontotemporal dementia). TBI severity was identified using self-reports (VA Comprehensive TBI Evaluation) and ICD-9-CM/10 codes. Epilepsy was identified using ICD-9-CM/10 codes and anticonvulsant medications. Covariates included socio-/military demographics, prior deployment and comorbid conditions associated with dementia. Logistic regression analysis identified associations with EOD for epilepsy and TBI severity controlling for potential confounders. Results: Among the 1,055,873 Veterans who met inclusion criteria 923 met criteria for EOD (7.4/1000 epilepsy; 0.7/1000 no epilepsy). Epilepsy (aOR 2.41 [1.98-2.93]) and TBI of all severity was associated with EOD (aORs: mTBI 1.67 [95% confidence interval: 1.40-1.99]; moderate/severe TBI 2.31 [1.80-2.98]; penetrating TBI 2.87 [2.08-3.97]). Other significant predictors (aORs >1.5; p < .001) included age 50-64 and 40-49 (vs. 30-39), other neurological conditions, stroke, schizophrenia, depression, and bipolar disorder. Conclusions: Epilepsy and TBI (of all severities) were associated with EOD. Consistent with prior research there was a near linear association of TBI severity and EOD, but no significant interaction between TBI and epilepsy. Thus, each condition contributes to EOD. However, those with more severe TBIs have higher risk for epilepsy and EOD suggesting the mechanism of added impact of TBI severity may work through other neurological/neurodegenerative conditions. Indeed, other strong predictors of EOD (e.g., stroke) supports this hypothesis and the idea that multimorbidity associated with TBI may reveal phenotypes of neuroegenerative outcomes that require further evaluation. ER  - 
Hypo-arousal Secondary to Frontotemporal Involvement in Progressive Supranuclear Palsy (PSP): A Case Report$$$ A 55-year-old female, with a history of progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP) sustained a fall and developed a left subdural hemorrhage (SDH) along the falx and bilateral tentorium with midline shift requiring an emergent decompressive craniotomy. Her hospital stay was complicated by a brief ventilatordependent respiratory failure and urinary tract infection. She developed bilateral lower extremity weakness inconsistent with the sole diagnosis of her left SDH. Thus, spine imaging was pursued and revealed thoracic myelopathy (T10-T12). A lumbar puncture ruled out infectious and inflammatory etiologies and the neurology team concluded that her myelopathy was due to the traumatic fall. Upon admission to the rehabilitation unit, her exam showed a deconditioned, frail woman who was alert, fully oriented, with hypophonic speech and flat affect. In her bilateral lower extremities, strength was 4/5 with minimal spasticity, reflexes 3 + and intact sensation throughout. Over the following weeks, her strength and spasticity (Modified Ashworth Scale 2-3) worsened. Repeat spine imaging showed no changes. EMG confirmed an overlapping diagnosis of critical illness myopathy. During her rehabilitation stay, the patient had several episodes of hypo arousal. These episodes were characterized by the patient blankly staring in a non-responsive manner. She would not follow commands. Brainstem reflexes, however, remained intact and she withdrew from painful stimuli. There were no incidences of incontinence or tongue-biting associated with these episodes. After a few minutes, she slowly followed commands, then was able to verbalize short sentences. Due to a high suspicion of seizures, neurology was consulted after the first episode and a video electroencephalogram (VEEG) was done demonstrating that these episodes did not correspond with any abnormal seizure activity. Neurology concluded that these hypo arousal episodes were related to the frontotemporal impairments seen with PSP. A trial of Oxcarbazepine was initiated without improvement. Then, Amantadine 100 mg dosed at 7 am and 12 pm was started. The patient's arousal improved and the episodes resolved. In current literature, PSP is known to cause a spectrum of symptoms including executive dysfunction, cognitive slowing, memory impairments, limb apraxia, language impairment, and percepto-spatial impairment. These neurocognitive features are predominant in 58% of patients with PSP, but the evidence available for options of treatment is limited. Amantadine has been used generally in Parkinson's disease with some success for the indications of transient improvement in freezing gait, dysphagia, and dyskinesia, but currently, there is minimal evidence trialing Amantadine for the clinical finding of hypo arousal with sustained improved cognitive function as seen on this patient's outpatient follow up appointments. This case presentation suggests that Amantadine may be beneficial in treating hypo arousal secondary to frontotemporal involvement seen in patients with PSP. ER  - 
Association of Perinatal and Childhood Ischemic Stroke with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder$$$ Importance: Early detection of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) plays a crucial role in reducing negative effects on everyday life, including academic failure and poor social functioning. Children who survive ischemic strokes risk major disabilities, but their risk of ADHD has not been studied in nationwide cohorts. Objective: To assess the risk of ADHD in children after pediatric ischemic stroke. Design, Setting, and Participants: Participants in this Swedish nationwide cohort study included 1320 children diagnosed with ischemic stroke recorded in linked Swedish national registers from January 1, 1969, to December 31, 2016, without prior ADHD diagnosis. Ten matched controls were identified for each index case, and first-degree relatives were identified for index individuals and controls. Analyses were stratified by perinatal and childhood strokes and presence of comorbid adverse motor outcomes and/or epilepsy. End of follow-up was the date of ADHD diagnosis, death, or December 31, 2016, whichever occurred first. Data analyses were performed August 1 to 28, 2021. Exposures: Pediatric ischemic stroke. Main Outcomes and Measures: Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder identified using codes from the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, and International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision, and/or prescribed ADHD medication recorded in the Medical Birth Register, National Patient Register, or Prescribed Drug Register after stroke. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to assess adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) for ADHD after pediatric stroke, adjusting for parental age and ADHD in first-degree relatives. Results: Of 1320 children with stroke included in the analysis (701 boys [53.1%]), 75 (45 boys [60.0%]) were diagnosed with ADHD after stroke compared with 376 (252 boys [67.0%]) among the controls (aHR, 2.00 [95% CI, 1.54-2.60]). The risk was increased after both perinatal (aHR, 2.75 [95% CI,1.65-4.60]) and childhood (aHR, 1.82 [95% CI, 1.34-2.48]) strokes and were similar if children born preterm or small for gestational age were excluded. Compared with controls, risks of ADHD were higher among children with perinatal stroke and adverse motor outcomes and/or epilepsy (aHR, 6.17 [95% CI, 2.80-13.62]) than among those without these comorbidities (aHR, 1.65 [95% CI, 0.80-3.42]). However, findings were similar in childhood stroke for children with adverse motor outcomes and/or epilepsy (aHR, 1.80 [95% CI, 1.12-2.89]) and among those without these comorbidities (aHR, 1.92 [95% CI, 1.28-2.90]). Conclusions and Relevance: This cohort study of 1320 children with pediatric ischemic stroke suggests that there is an increased risk of ADHD, particularly in children with adverse motor outcomes and/or epilepsy, compared with controls. The risk increases after childhood strokes regardless of comorbidities. ER  - 
Patterns of preventive and acute migraine medication use and impact on direct costs from 2011-2017$$$ One sentence summary: In this retrospective claims analysis of patients initiating standard of care preventive or acute migraine medication, we describe migraine-specific healthcare costs and acute medication overuse over 3 years for patients who are persistent with initial medication and for patients with specific patterns of using multiple preventive or acute migraine medications. Background: Appropriate use of preventive migraine medication (PMM) and acute migraine medication (AMM) improves patients' quality of life and reduces direct cost. While persistent PMM or AMM use is no guarantee for satisfaction, inadequate treatment response may cause treatment cycling. We aimed to identify patterns of PMM and AMM use and associated outcomes. Methods: In this retrospective claims data study, adults with migraine (diagnosis on ≥2 outpatient or ≥1 inpatient claims, or ≥1 outpatient claim and a triptan or ergot claim) initiating a PMM or AMM between January 1, 2011, and December 31, 2014, were identified from the IBM® MarketScan® Research Databases: Commercial and Medicare Supplemental Databases. Patients were categorized into 1 or 2 cohorts according to their first prescription claim for PMM (preventive cohort [PC]) or AMM (acute cohort [AC]), which served as index date. For 1 year pre-index (baseline period) through 3 years post-index (follow-up period), patients were continuously enrolled. PC subgroups were based on PMM use during follow-up period (Persistent, received continuous treatment with 1 PMM; No Gap, received continuous treatment with ≥2 PMMs; With Gap, received ≥2 PMMs with a gap in treatment between PMMs). AC subgroups were defined similarly (Persistent, used 1 AMM; Cycled, used ≥2 AMMs sequentially; Added-On, ≥2 AMMs simultaneously). In PC, a gap was defined as >30 days without a PMM on hand; patients with a gap after 1 PMM who did not re-initiate treatment were excluded. AMM overuse and total direct (pharmacy and medical) costs (2017 US dollars) within each subgroup were summarized for each year of study period. AMM overuse was defined by class based on average days supplied during follow-up: simple analgesics, combination analgesics, ≥15 days/month; triptans, ergotamines, or opioids, ≥8 days/month; barbiturates, ≥5 days/month; any combination without overuse of a single class, ≥10 days/month. All analyses were descriptive. Results: The PC included 42,259 patients (mean [standard deviation {SD}] age: 43.2 [12.8] y; female: 83.4%): 3,765 (8.9%) in Persistent group, 3,633 (8.6%) in No Gap group, and 34,861 (82.5%) in With Gap group. The AC included 20,778 patients (mean [SD] age: 38.8 [12.4]) y; female: 81.1%): 1,061 (5.1%) in Persistent group, 17,806 (85.7%) in Cycled group, and 1,911 (9.2%) in Added-On group. Most common treatment was an antiepileptic (36.1%) in PC and sumatriptan (65.6%) in AC. Results are presented in Table 1. Patients who were not persistent on initial PMM or AMM demonstrated higher baseline costs and AMM overuse. In PC, AMM overuse increased in all subgroups compared with baseline, and mean annual migraine-specific direct costs increased in With Gap and No Gap but not Persistent subgroups. In AC, mean annual migraine-specific direct costs increased vs. baseline in all subgroups. Conclusion: Over 3 years, most PMM-treated patients used >1 PMM and majority had a gap between treatment cycles; very few were persistent on same AMM. Furthermore, AMM overuse and direct costs broadly increased, except for persistent preventive users in which costs decreased. Understanding the association between treatment patterns and longer-term outcomes can help to guide informed decisions related to migraine treatment. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Age- and sex-related differences in clinical presentations due to acute cannabis toxicity at European Emergency Departments$$$ Objective: Cannabis is one of the most commonly used psychoactive substances and frequently involved in emergency department (ED) presentations due to acute drug toxicity in Europe [1]. Patterns in cannabis use vary according to age and sex [2], but it is not known whether age and sex also affect clinical presentations associated with the use of cannabis. Hence, we aimed to evaluate age- and sex-related differences of presentations at European EDs due to acute cannabis toxicity. Methods: A retrospective analysis of patients presenting to Euro- DEN Plus centres with acute cannabis toxicity from January 2014 to December 2019 was undertaken. Presentations related to cannabis use combined with other substances (except for alcohol) were excluded. Twelve pre-specified clinical features were analyzed according to age groups (<20, 20-29, 30-39, 40-49, and ≥50 years) and sex (female and male) using logistic and linear regression models including adjustments for alcohol co-ingestion. Results: Overall, 43,633 ED presentations due to acute drug toxicity were recorded. Of the 9,044 (21%) involving the use of cannabis, 4,268 patients (10%) fulfilled the inclusion criteria (median age 26 years, 70% male, 52% co-ingested alcohol). The most common clinical features due to acute cannabis toxicity included anxiety (28%), vomiting (24%), and agitation (23%). Compared to other age groups, patients aged <20 years more often presented with reduced consciousness (OR =2.3, 95%CI =1.89-2.88), vomiting (OR =1.8, 95%CI =1.50-2.09), and headache (OR =2.0, 95%CI =1.53-2.64). Psychotic symptoms were more likely in patients aged 20-29 years (OR =1.4, 95%CI =1.23-1.78). With increasing age, reduced consciousness, vomiting, headache, palpitations, and anxiety were significantly less often observed (- 2.5%, -4.4%, -1.2%, -1.0%, and -2.0% of change for each additional ten years, respectively). Males more often presented with hypertension (OR =2.3, 95%CI =1.40-3.82), psychosis (OR =2.0, 95%CI =1.43-2.65), chest pain (OR =1.8, 95%CI =1.39-2.43), and seizures (OR =1.8, 95%=1.07-3. 06), but less frequently with vomiting (OR =0.8, 95%CI =0.68-0.93) and anxiety (OR =0.7, 95%CI =0.56-0.77) than females. Conclusion: Acute cannabis toxicity is common but mostly of minor severity, yet clinical presentations differ with regard to age and sex. This could be relevant for the development of tailored prevention campaigns and treatment in specific sex and/or age groups. ER  - 
Pediatric exposures to Mitragyna speciosa (Kratom)$$$ Background: Previous research has shown a significant increase in Kratom exposures reported to regional poison centers, particularly since 2016. There is however little research on pediatric exposures to Kratom. Methods: A retrospective review of the National Poison Data System (NPDS) January 1st 2017 to December 31, 2021 for exposures with the generic NPDS code for Kratom in children ages 5 years and younger was conducted. Results: A total of 267 cases were identified; 134 (50.2%) female patients, 132 (49.4%) male, and 1 (0.4%) patient's gender was unknown. The most common patient age was 1 year old 114 (42.9%), 2 years old 63 (23.7%), and <1 year old 54 (20.3%). The vast majority of cases were ingestions 257 (96.2%) with the remainder being dermal 8, unknown 3, other 2, and inhalation 1. Nearly all exposures were unintentional general 253 (94.7%) with other reasons including unknown reason 3, adverse reaction drug 2, and unintentional therapeutic error 1. Pediatric exposures increased from 7 in 2017 to 92 in 2021, an increase of 1314%. A total of 7 cases were excluded as exposures due to being confirmed non exposures. Of the remaining 260 exposures, 7 (2.7%) patients were coded to have a serious outcome. There were 0 fatalities during this time period. The most common symptoms coded were vomiting 17, central nervous system (CNS) depression mild 7, and agitation 5. More serious symptoms coded were confusion, CNS depression moderate, CNS depression major, respiratory depression, tremor, hallucinations, seizures multiple, and seizures status. The most common treatments coded were dilute/wash/irrigate 70, food/snack 34, single dose activated charcoal 9, intravenous fluids 8, and other emetics 7. Other important therapies reported as being administered included benzodiazepines 2, naloxone 2, anticonvulsants 1, and oxygen 1. No therapy was coded in 171 (64%) possible cases. Conclusions: In a 5-year retrospective review of NPDS data, exposures to Kratom dramatically increased by 1314% from 2017 to 2021. The majority of patients did well developing no or only minor symptoms and were managed with simple first aid triage instructions. C There has been an increase in pediatric Kratom cases managed by the US Poison Centers over the past 5 years. Most cases have no or minimal effects, however serious toxicity can occur in a minority of cases. Close follow up for home managed cases is recommended and referral to an emergency department for symptomatic patients may be prudent. Further research is needed to better determine characteristics of exposure in this age group and prevention education opportunities. ER  - 
Treatment of pediatric antimuscarinic delirium with oral rivastigmine$$$ Background: Antimuscarinic drug overdose is a common pediatric emergency. Antimuscarinic agents antagonize muscarinic acetylcholine receptors, producing a toxidrome with both central and peripheral symptoms. In addition to supportive care, treatment of agitation and hyperactive antimuscarinic delirium is critical to prevent serious sequelae. Intravenous (IV) physostigmine salicylate is a reversible cholinesterase inhibitor used as an antidote to treat central antimuscarinic delirium due to its ability to readily cross the blood-brain barrier. A nationwide physostigmine shortage has prioritized the consideration of therapeutic alternatives. Rivastigmine is a long-acting cholinesterase inhibitor with a similar structure to physostigmine and a potentially viable therapeutic option for antimuscarinic delirium. Case report: A 7-year-old male presented to the emergency department (ED) for a suspected food-related allergic reaction. Approximately 2 h prior to presentation, his mother administered a “standard dose” of an over-the-counter liquid formulation of dextromethorphan and doxylamine for his sore throat. The patient's history was significant for self-administering medicine without parental supervision. Shortly after arrival to the ED, the patient developed two generalized tonic-clonic seizures that were treated with IV lorazepam and levetiracetam. In addition, he received IV diphenhydramine for a suspected allergic reaction. He developed worsening agitation, tachycardia, incoherent speech, and hallucinations. A comprehensive gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry analysis of the patient's urine was positive for diphenhydramine and doxylamine. He was admitted to the pediatric intensive care unit where he required multiple doses of benzodiazepines for agitation. The toxicology service was consulted and a bedside evaluation was consistent with antimuscarinic delirium. Due to the national shortage of physostigmine, rivastigmine was recommended. One dose of oral rivastigmine 0.75mg was administered approximately 24 h postinitial presentation. The patient's delirium significantly improved over the next 6 h precluding the need for further benzodiazepines. Discussion: This, to our knowledge, is the first pediatric case report highlighting the treatment of central antimuscarinic delirium with rivastigmine. Physostigmine remains the preferred agent to reverse central antimuscarinic delirium. However, due to its supply shortage, other therapeutic options should be investigated. Few case reports describe the successful use of rivastigmine to treat delirium secondary to antimuscarinic xenobiotics. Pharmacologically, rivastigmine offers potential benefits over physostigmine including a longer duration of action, slower rate of central nervous system penetration, less severe side effects, and availability in multiple formulations. Conclusions: Rivastigmine is a potential alternative treatment for antimuscarinic delirium warranting further investigation in light of the national physostigmine shortage. This case report adds to the current literature outlining its use in the pediatric setting. Prospective trials are warranted to appraise rivastigmine's utility and safety as a reversal agent for antimuscarinic delirium. ER  - 
Unintentional pediatric cannabis exposures reported to a single poison control center: A comparison of outcomes of confirmed cannabis ingestions to unconfirmed cannabis ingestions$$$ Background: With states increasingly legalizing nonmedical adult cannabis use and diversity of cannabis products (e.g., edibles), multiple studies report increased frequency of poison control center (PCC) consults related to unintentional pediatric cannabis exposures. Compared to adult ingestions, pediatric cannabis exposures result in more severe adverse health effects. However, pediatric cannabis reports to PCCs are not usually confirmed and solely based on patient history. Prior literature reports major effects after cannabis exposures in pediatrics to be rare at less than 2%. In this study, we compare patient outcomes in a group of patients with confirmed cannabis ingestion via a qualitative urine drug screen compared with patients exposed to cannabis without confirmation. Methods: This was a retrospective observational study of pediatric cannabis exposures identified from the XXX PCC from January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2021. Cases ages 5 years and younger were identified in Toxicall via AAPC codes 310121, 130124, 310096, 310122, 310126, 310125, 310123, 310146, and 8300. Data extracted included patient age, gender, route of ingestion, clinical effects, treatment, disposition, outcome, duration of effect and results of urine drug screening. The data were entered into a REDCap database and analyzed using SAS 9.4. Patient characteristics with positive urine tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and those without confirmatory urine testing were compared via Chi- Square and Fisher's exact test for categories with a small sample size. This project was approved by our institutional review board. Results: From 2000 to 2021, there were 292 pediatric cannabis exposures reported to our PCC. Of these, 125/292 (65%) cases originated from health care facilities (HCF); the remainder were home calls. Focusing on 125 cases reported by healthcare facilities, the most common symptoms were mental status changes with 56/125 (45%) having CNS depression, and 39/125 (31%) with drowsiness/lethargy. The most frequent documented treatment was intravenous fluids in 29/125 (23%). Fifty-nine patients (47%) had confirmatory testing for cannabis via urine drug screening. Seizures occurred in 7/59 (12%) patients with THC positive urine compared with no seizures in the non-confirmed group (p=0.004). Intravenous fluids were administered more commonly in the THC positive urine group: 20/59 (34%) versus 9/66 (14%) in those without urine confirmation, p=0.007. Intensive care unit admission occurred in 28/59 (47%) patients with THC positive urine compared with 11/66 (17%) of patients without urine confirmation (p=0.0002) and “major effects” were seen in 10/59 (17%) with THC positive urine compared to 1/66 (2%) without urine confirmation (p=0.002). Conclusions: Unintentional cannabis ingestion can result in severe effects in children. Looking specifically at a confirmed group of pediatric cannabis ingestions based on urine drug screening, major effects such as mental status changes and seizures, as well as requirement for intravenous fluids and ICU admission occurred more frequently in confirmed versus unconfirmed cannabis cases. Pediatric patients with confirmed cannabis exposures should be closely observed in a health care setting for the occurrence of significant adverse effects. ER  - 
Pediatric e-cigarette exposures treated at emergency departments$$$ Background: Electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes) are battery-powered devices that heat a liquid solution that most commonly includes nicotine, flavorings, and other chemicals. E-cigarette exposures are of particular concern for young children. The labeling of and flavoring in e-cigarettes may make them attractive to children. Severe adverse reactions have been reported in children with nicotine doses as low as 2mg, while solution concentrations may be as high as 100mg/mL. Symptoms reported with pediatric nicotine exposure include vomiting, tachycardia, tachypnea, hypertension, hypotension, agitation, respiratory depression, and seizures. The objective of this study was to describe pediatric ecigarette exposures managed at US (US) emergency departments (EDs). Methods: Data were obtained from the National Electronic Injury Surveillance System (NEISS), a database of consumer productrelated injuries collected from the EDs of approximately 100 US hospitals. The NEISS database also includes all poisonings and chemical burns to children less than 5 years of age. National estimates are calculated from the database records based on the sample weight assigned to each case based on the inverse probability of the hospital being selected for the NEISS sample. To identify e-cigarette exposures among patients age 0-5 years reported during 2010-2020, records with the letter combinations “cig,” “vape,” vapi,” “nico,” “e-liqu,” “e liqu,” “eliqu,” or “juul” in the record narrative were reviewed, and those that appeared to be e-cigarette exposures were included in the study. The distribution of estimated e-cigarette exposures was determined for various factors. Results: A total of 174 e-cigarette exposures were identified, resulting in a national estimate of 6703 exposures. The estimated annual number of exposures increased from 21 in 2010 to 1741 in 2015 then declined to 669 in 2020. The patient age distribution was 673 (10.0%)<1 year, 3212 (47.9%) 1 year, 2240 (33.4%) 2 years, 415 (6.2%) 3 years, 163 (2.4%) 4 years, and 0 (0.0%) 5 years; 3660 (54.6%) of the patients were male and 3043 (45.4%) female. The patient race was 4379 (65.3%) white, 249 (3.7%) black/African American, 254 (3.8%) other, and 1821 (27.2%) not stated. The exposure route was 6478 (96.6%) ingestion, 411 (6.1%) dermal, 94 (1.4%) inhalation, 42 (0.6%) ocular, and 6 (0.1%) aspiration. The location of the incident was 5542 (82.7%) home and 1161 (17.3%) not recorded. The most frequently documented clinical effects were 481 (7.2%) vomiting, 80 (1.2%) cough/choke, and 79 (1.2%) dizziness. The patient disposition was 6302 (94.0%) treated or examined and released, 163 (2.4%) treated and admitted for hospitalization, 139 (2.1%) held for observation, and 99 (1.5%) left without being seegainst medical advice. Conclusions: Pediatric e-cigarette exposures treated in EDs increased during 2010-2015 and then decreased during 2015-2020. The patients were most often age 1-2 years, and the majority were male. Most exposures occurred by ingestion and the majority occurred at home. Most patients were treated or evaluated and released from the ED. ER  - 
Pediatric lighter fluid exposures treated at emergency departments$$$ Background: Lighter fluid is a flammable liquid hydrocarbon found in cigarette lighters and other types of lighters. Some of the hydrocarbons included in lighter fluids are benzene, butane, hexamine, lacolene, naptha, and propane. Exposure to lighter fluid may occur through ingestion, inhalation, aspiration, dermal, or ocular routes. Lighter fluid exposures may result in oral or throat irritation or pain, loss of vision, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, chemical burns, breathing difficulty, chest pain, cough, hypotension, confusion, dizziness, drowsiness, hallucinations, headache, insomnia, irritability, tremor, ataxia, seizures, vision loss, and coma. The objective of this study was to describe pediatric lighter fluid exposures managed at US (US) emergency departments (EDs). Methods: Data were obtained from the National Electronic Injury Surveillance System (NEISS), a database of consumer productrelated injuries collected from the EDs of approximately 100 US hospitals. The NEISS database also includes all poisonings and chemical burns to children less than 5 years of age. National estimates are calculated from the database records based on the sample weight assigned to each case based on the inverse probability of the hospital being selected for the NEISS sample. In order to identify lighter fluid exposures among patients age 0-5 years reported during 2000-2020, records with the code 0940 (lighter fluids) in any of the product code fields or the letter combinations “light” and “fluid” in the record narrative were reviewed, and those that appeared to be lighter fluid exposures were included in the study. The distribution of estimated lighter fluid exposures was determined for various factors related to patient demographics, exposure circumstances, diagnosis, and disposition. Results: A total of 418 lighter fluid exposures were identified, resulting in a national estimate of 8937 exposures. The patient age distribution was 301 (3.4%)<1 year, 5431 (60.8%) 1 year, 2031 (22.7%) 2 years, 733 (8.2%) 3 years, 246 (2.8%) 4 years, and 195 (2.2%) 5 years; 5984 (67.0%) of the patients were male and 2952 (33.0%) female. The patient race was 3426 (38.3%) white, 1661 (18.6%) black/African American, 5 (0.1%) Asian, 998 (11.2%) other, and 2848 (31.9%) not stated. The exposure route was 8444 (94.5%) ingestion, 341 (3.8%) ocular, 312 (3.5%) dermal, 77 (0.9%) inhalation, and 6 (0.1%) unknown. The reported location where the exposure occurred was 7012 (78.5%) home, 58 (0.6%) place of recreation or sports, 17 (0.2%) other public property, 6 (0.1%) street or highway, and 1844 (20.6%) not recorded. The most commonly reported clinical effects were 1107 (12.4%) cough, 697 (7.8%) vomiting, and 451 (5.0%) pneumonitis. The patient disposition was 6792 (76.0%) treated or examined and released, 232 (2.6%) treated and transferred to another hospital, 1313 (14.7%) treated and admitted for hospitalization, 455 (5.1%) held for observation, 85 (0.9%) left without being seegainst medical advice, and 61 (0.7%) not recorded. Conclusions: Pediatric lighter fluid exposures treated in EDs most often involved patients who were age 1-2 years and the majority were male. Most exposures occurred by ingestion followed by ocular and dermal contact. Most patients were treated or evaluated and released from the ED. ER  - 
Clinical effects of cannabis compared to synthetic cannabinoids (SCs): A retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Synthetic cannabinoids (SCs) are new psychoactive substances (NPS) designed to act at endogenous CB1 and CB2 receptors. Over the last 15 years SCs have been increasingly identified amongst NPS throughout the world and over 180 SCs have been identified. Previously a small cohort study suggested greater cardio- and neuro-toxicity in acute SC toxicity compared to cannabis. In this study, a large cohort of patients with selfreported SC or cannabis use has been analysed to compare the clinical toxicity of cannabis and SC to further consider this issue. Methods: Data were extracted from the Euro-DEN Plus dataset on 54,314 presentations to Emergency Departments in Europe with acute recreational drug toxicity from 2013 to 2020. Presentations which self-reported sole exposure to cannabis or SCs were identified. Univariate analysis of demographic and clinical data were performed using cannabis patients as the control group to determine outcomes from exposure to cannabis versus SCs. Results: There were 2659 self-reported lone cannabis and 504 self-reported lone SC presentations. These were predominately male in both groups (70.7% cannabis; 88.9% SC), but SC users were more likely to be male (p<0.01). There was no difference in the median (IQR) age in the cannabis (25 (20-33)) or SC (26 (21-35)) presentations. SC presentations were more likely to present via ambulance (85% vs 54%; p<0.01). There were significantly higher rates of neurotoxicity in SC presentations: They were more likely to be drowsy (49% vs 17%; p<0 .01) or in a coma (3.7% vs 1.9%; p<0.01), agitated (41% vs 22%; p<0.01), to have seizures (8.1% vs 2.6%; p<0.01) and to be psychotic (16% vs 13%; p=0.034). There was no difference in the proportion with arrhythmias between the SC and cannabis presentations (0.8% vs 1.7%; p=0.252), although they had a significantly lower mean heart rate (89 vs 98; p <0.01), systolic blood pressure (122 vs 128; p<0.01) and there were fewer reports of palpitations (5.2% vs 20%; p<0.01) and chest pain (5.2% vs 10%; p<0.01). There was no difference between rates of hyperthermia between groups (SC 0.3% vs cannabis 0.8%; p=0.552). SC patients were more likely to have a psychiatric admission (15% vs 8%; p<0.01), but there was no difference in the proportions admitted to critical care (1.6% vs 1.1%; p=0.39) or in length of stay in hospital (15 h v 17 h; p=0.595). Conclusions: This retrospective cohort study of over 3000 Euro- DEN Plus patients with either lone cannabis or SC toxicity, has shown that neurotoxicity is more common in those with lone SC compared to lone cannabis toxicity, although some markers of cardiovascular toxicity are less common. Further work is needed to identify whether only certain or all SCs are associated with neurotoxicity, or if the frequency of neurotoxicity has changed over time as the chemistry of the SCs has evolved. ER  - 
Cross sectional study of the knowledge and attitudes of Medical Cannabis amongst prospective health care professionals in Trinidad and Tobago$$$ Objective: This study aimed to determine the knowledge and attitude of prospective health care providers with respect to medical Cannabis. Design and Methods: A self-administered online questionnaire comprising 21 questions to assess the knowledge, attitude and perception of medical Cannabis was distributed via google forms among students at the Faculty of Medical Sciences, University of the West Indies, St Augustine Campus. Chi-square analysis was used to detect significant associations between demographics and measured variables. A p-value < 0.05 was considered significant. Results: The response rate was 17.6% (n = 388) and the mean age of respondents was 22.88 ± 3.22 years. The three most popular perceived therapeutic benefits of Cannabis were chronic pain (91.2%), anxiety (84.2%) and seizures (71.1%). Identification of the risks associated with the use of Cannabis was low amongst respondents with psychotic symptoms (71.3%), memory problems (66.1) and respiratory symptoms (65.9%) being most commonly identified. Users of Cannabis were able to identify indications and symptoms that can be treated with Cannabis but were less aware of the adverse effects of the drug than non-users (p<0.001). More than three quarters (87.3%) believed they could identify therapeutic uses and adverse effects but only 14.2 % were ready to answer queries from patients. The main source of Cannabis information was the internet and information was lacking in the medical school curriculum. Conclusion: The majority of students were not able to identify indications and adverse effects of the drug. There is a need to improve training for all prospective medical personnel to cater for the change in legislation status in T&T. ER  - 
The New Psychiatry: Functional Medicine and HYLANE Technology$$$ The current paradigms underlying the treatment of most chronic or recurrent psychiatric disorders, and most neurodegenerative conditions, has been exposed as largely inadequate. Dr. Abraham Hoffer's pioneering work was extended by Dr. Hedaya through the formalized use of Functional Medicine which demonstrated full recovery in 100% of treatment resistant depression patients (retrospective analysis) in 2004. This is in stark contrast to the STAR-D trial which, using psychotherapy and polypharmacy, demonstrated a 25% long-term remission rate. In 2019, Dr. Hedaya discovered through the use of quantitative EEG, that even after substantial improvement in clinical symptoms with the use of a comprehensive functional medicine treatment, most neuropsychiatric patients continue to have abnormalities in cortical and network functions, which he has learned to correct using a combination of technologies (HYLANE). This has resulted in striking changes (e.g., the reversal of acquired prosopagnosia, MCI and temporal lobe absence seizures, partial reversal of moderate aphasia, reversal of facial distortion in paranoid schizophrenia, and reversal of cognitive decline in early vascular dementia [e.g., restoration of verbal memory from 66th to 95th percentile]. In this talk Dr. Hedaya will provide an overview of functional medicine, its efficacy and limits in neuropsychiatric patients, and the use of HYLANE technology as an effective augmentation strategy.. ER  - 
Effect of Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation of the Auricular Branch of the Vagus Nerve for the Treatment of Anxiety$$$ Background. Vagus nerve stimulation is a known technique to modulate autonomic function (Clancy et al., 2014) and is FDA approved for the treatment of certain diseases like depression and epilepsy. However, traditional stimulation methods are invasive, require an implant, and are reserved for severe or drug-resistant cases and approval for use in anxiety-related diseases has yet to be achieved. Objective. The purpose of this study was to assess the safety and efficacy of transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) compared to a sham taVNS in patients with anxiety using a novel neurostimulation device. Methods. A randomized, sham-controlled approach was used to investigate the effects of active or sham taVNS on state-anxiety in 24 participants as scored by the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI). Participants completed a stress-inducing task before and after using a sham or active neurostimulation device at a target site over the proximal lateral cervical region containing the auricular vagus nerve. The STAI was used to measure anxiety before and after each stress-inducing task was completed. Upon completion of the tasks and treatment, the safety and tolerability of the device were assessed. EEG and physiological measures were recorded throughout the study tasks. Results were examined to compare the change in anxiety levels, EEG, physiology, task performance, and safety and tolerability measures before and after treatment with the P57 ONE (sham vs. active). Results. A Fisher's Exact Test was used to quantify the relationship between immediately after and 24 hours after safety reports (yes or no) of discomfort, dizziness, blurred vision, headache, skin irritation, relaxation, and distraction from the stimulation protocols (sham vs. stimulation). An unpaired t-test was used to compare average levels (1-10) of comfort, discomfort, dizziness, blurred vision, headache, skin irritation, relaxation, and distraction ratings immediately after stimulation and at least 24 hours after stimulation between each protocol group. An unpaired two-tailed t-test was used to compare the difference (post and pre) in state-anxiety, EEG, physiology, and task performance between active and sham stimulation groups. Analyses for safety and tolerability ratings found no significant differences between active and sham users immediately after or 24 hours after stimulation. Compared to the sham group, the active treatment group reported the experience as relaxing more frequently (p = .001) and a greater level of relaxation (p = .002). Analysis of STAI, EEG, physiology, and performance data is ongoing; these results will be presented during the poster session. Conclusion. This study provides preliminary evidence in support of using taVNS to elicit a beneficial effect on relative anxiety via increased relaxation. Stimulation of the target site with a novel neurostimulation device was found to be both safe and tolerable. Analysis of STAI, EEG, physiology, and performance data will be presented to address efficacy aims. This technique of noninvasive stimulation could be a new effective method to quickly reduce anxiety without having to resort to pharmaceutical or invasive intervention.. ER  - 
FLUMAZENIL ADMINISTRATION DURING ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY: A RETROSPECTIVE CHART REVIEW ON EEG DURATION, SIDE EFFECTS AND CLINICAL OUTCOME$$$ Introduction: Benzodiazepines are considered to negatively affect seizure quality and duration during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Several researchers have advocated the use of flumazenil, a competitive benzodiazepine receptor antagonist, for patients receiving benzodiazepines during ECT treatment. However, clinical evidence regarding flumazenil use in ECT remains sparse. The aim of this study is to describe the effects of flumazenil on EEG seizure duration, clinical outcome and adverse effects. Method: Twenty-six depressive and/or catatonic patients with concomitant benzodiazepine use receiving flumazenil during ECT were identified through retrospective chart review. Effects of flumazenil on depresssive symptoms, catatonia, EEG duration and postictal agitation were assessed by the Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology, the Bush-Francis Catatonia Rating Scale and seizure duration on EEG. Postictal agitation was ascertained by identifying patients who received sedatives immediately after ECT or who needed physical restraint. The study was approved by the ethics committee of Ghent University Hospital. Results: In patients receiving flumazenil, response and remission rates after ECT were 66.7% and 41.7% for depression and 91.7% and 75% for catatonia. Flumazenil administration increased EEG seizure duration with 10.5 seconds on average in patients comparing ECT with or without flumazenil administration and 58.3% of patients had an adequate seizure (> 15s). We found no correlation between benzodiazepine dose and seizure duration in patients receiving flumazenil before ECT. Postictal agitation occurred in 34.6% of the patients. One case of prolonged seizure, successfully managed with diazepam administration, was noted. Conclusion: Patients with depression and/or catatonia and concomitant benzodiazepine use show good clinical outcome and increased EEG seizure duration after flumazenil treatment before ECT. However, postictal agitation seems to be a frequent and important side-effect. Current strategies to mitigate agitation should be considered when administering flumazenil. ER  - 
Positive LGI1 Antibodies in CSF and Relapse Relate to Worse Outcome in Anti-LGI1 Encephalitis$$$ Objective: This single-center study was conducted in a cohort of patients with anti-LGI1 encephalitis to investigate the factors related to their functional recovery. Methods: We retrospectively collected the clinical information of patients admitted to Xuanwu Hospital from January 2014 until December 2019, and followed up for at least 12 months. Results: A total of 67 patients were included, and 57 completed the 12-month follow-up. Most of the patients (55/57, 96.5%) achieved functional improvement after immunotherapy, and 26 (45.6%) became symptom-free. Compared to patients with complete recovery, patients with partial or no recovery had significantly higher incidences of consciousness disorders (25.8% vs. 0%, P<0.05) and positive LGI1 antibodies in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) (71.0% vs. 46.2%, P<0.05). These patients also had a lower Barthel Index both upon admission and at discharge, as well as a higher incidence of relapse (25.8% vs. 3.8%; P<0.05 each). Univariate logistic regression showed that positive LGI1 antibodies in CSF and relapse were associated with incomplete recovery at 1-year follow-up (both P<0.05), but only relapse remained statistically significant after multivariate logistic regression (P=0.034). Conclusion: Patients with LGI1 antibodies in CSF and those who relapsed were more likely to experience worse outcome. Early recognition of these patients, combined with more aggressive immunotherapy may result in better recovery. ER  - 
Variability of the clinical expression of KCNB1 encephalopathy$$$ Introduction. The KCNB1 gene encodes a voltage-dependent potassium channel that regulates transmembrane currents in pyramidal neurons. Heterozygous variants have recently been associated with early-onset epileptic encephalopathies and intellectual disability, but their clinical characterisation has not yet been fully defined. Aim. To describe the clinical spectrum associated with variants of KCNB1 in paediatric patients. Patients and methods. Retrospective study of four patients from three families with KCNB1 encephalopathy, including an analysis of the clinical and electroencephalographic features of epilepsy, associated neurological manifestations and neurodevelopmental pattern. Results. In two of them, the mutation in KCNB1 was de novo; the other two, who were sisters, inherited the variant from a parent with germline mosaicism. All had mild-to-moderate intellectual disability, two patients had autistic spectrum disorder and two had attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Only case 2 displayed alterations in the MRI brain scan: progressive cortical atrophy. Three of them developed epilepsy (cases 1-3). Case 1: onset at 9.5 months with West syndrome that was well controlled with vigabatrine and zonisamide. Case 2: onset at 13 months with West syndrome, evolutionary development of polymorphic seizures (atonic, hypermotor, dysautonomic and tonic) that were refractory to 10 antiepileptic drugs and corticosteroids. Accompanied by a movement disorder characterised by ataxia, dyskinesias and tremor. Case 3: onset at 14.5 years with atonic seizures, multifocal EEG pattern and adequate control with levetiracetam. Conclusions. KCNB1 encephalopathy has a heterogeneous natural history, mainly with respect to epilepsy, ranging from patients with refractory epilepsy to patients without any epileptic seizures. All had neurodevelopmental disorders, such as intellectual disability or autism spectrum disorder, independent of epilepsy. ER  - 
Intrathecal methotrexate – Another tool for the treatment of refractory autoimmune encephalitis - Single institution cohort and literature review$$$ Background: Autoimmune encephalitis (AIE) encompasses a range of inflammatory disorders manifesting with some combination of encephalopathy, seizures, behavioral changes, movement disorders, dysautonomia or other neurologic symptoms. Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis (NMDARE) is the most common AIE and is an autoantibody mediated disorder, often paraneoplastic. Untreated or undertreated AIE has a high degree of morbidity and mortality. Immunosuppressive treatment regimens including glucocorticoids, plasma exchange (PLEX), intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) and rituximab used alone or in combination for such patients. Patients' refractory to such treatments requires more aggressive and potentially toxic therapies. We report favorable outcomes in patients with refractory AIE who received intrathecal methotrexate (IT-MTX) as part of treatment. Methods: Cases at our institution seen between 2010 and 2020 were reviewed. We identified 5 patients in our clinical practice whose clinical presentation was compatible with NMDARE. Three patients met criteria for definite NMDARE. An additional two patients met criteria for probable NMDARE in the acute setting but were ultimately seronegative autoimmune encephalitis. All patients received at least one dose of IT-MTX after failing conventional therapies. At the time of IT-MTX administration patients were catatonic, comatose, or severely encephalopathic despite initial treatments. Results: All patients were treated with methylprednisolone; 3 received a course of IVIG, 4 underwent PLEX, and 4 received rituximab. At the time IT-MTX was given, three patients required mechanical ventilation and 1 had a pacemaker placed for autonomic failure. Two patients were under consideration for transition to palliative care. All patients improved and were at or near their premorbid baseline at last follow-up. All patients tolerated IT-MTX well. Conclusions: This retrospective review demonstrates the efficacy of intrathecal methotrexate in the treatment of severe AIE who had failed other immunosuppressive regimens. ER  - 
Home-Based Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for the Treatment of Symptoms of Depression and Anxiety in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ We conducted a double-blind randomized clinical trial in order to examine the effects and the safety of home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on depressive and anxious symptoms of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). We evaluated 26 adults with TLE and depressive symptoms randomized into two different groups: active tDCS (tDCSa) and Sham (tDCSs). The patients were first submitted to 20 sessions of tDCS for 20 min daily, 5 days a week for 4 weeks and then received a maintenance tDCS application in the research laboratory once a week for 3 weeks. The intensity of the current was 2 mA, applied bilaterally over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, with the anode positioned on the left side and the cathode on the right side. Participants were evaluated on days 1, 15, 30, and 60 of the study using the Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI). A follow-up evaluation was performed 1 year after the end of treatment. They were also evaluated for quality of life and for anxious symptoms as secondary outcomes. The groups did not differ in clinical, socioeconomic or psychometric characteristics at the initial assessment. There was no statistically significant difference between groups regarding reported adverse effects, seizure frequency or dropouts. On average, between the 1st and 60th day, the BDI score decreased by 43.93% in the active group and by 44.67% in the Sham group (ΔBDIfinal – initial = −12.54 vs. −12.20, p = 0.68). The similar improvement in depressive symptoms observed in both groups was attributed to placebo effect and interaction between participants and research group and not to tDCS intervention per se. In our study, tDCS was safe and well tolerated, but it was not effective in reducing depressive or anxiety symptoms in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy. Clinical Trial Registration: [ClinicalTrials.gov], identifier [NCT03871842]. ER  - 
Autoimmune encephalitis after SARS-CoV-2 infection$$$ Background and Objectives Autoimmune encephalitis (AE) cases after severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection have been reported, but the frequency is unknown. We aimed to determine the frequency and diagnostic features of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)- related AE. Methods Residual sera from 556 consecutive Mayo Clinic Rochester patients (laboratory cohort) who underwent autoimmune encephalopathy neural immunoglobulin G (IgG) evaluation were tested for total antibodies against the SARS-CoV-2 spike glycoprotein using a Food and Drug Administration-authorized chemiluminescence assay (October 2019-December 2020). Clinical records from patients with a positive SARS-CoV-2 antibody result and available research consent were reviewed. This laboratory cohort was cross-referenced with the Department of Neurology's COVID-19-related consultative experience (encephalopathy cohort, n = 31). Results Eighteen of the laboratory cohort (3%) were SARS-CoV-2 antibody positive (April-December 2020). Diagnoses were as follows: AE, 2; postacute sequelae of SARS CoV-2 infection (PASC), 3; toxic-metabolic encephalopathy during COVID-19 pneumonia, 2; diverse non-COVID-19 relatable neurologic diagnoses, 9; unavailable, 2. Five of the encephalopathy cohort had AE (16%, including the 2 laboratory cohort cases that overlapped), representing 0.05% of 10, 384 patients diagnosed and cared for with any COVID-19 illness at Mayo Clinic Rochester in 2020. The 5 patients met definite (n = 1), probable (n = 1), or possible (n = 3) AE diagnostic criteria; median symptom onset age was 61 years (range, 46-63); 3 were women. All 5 were neural IgG negative and 4 tested were SARS-CoV-2 PCR/IgG index negative in CSF. Phenotypes (and accompanying MRI and EEG findings) were diverse (delirium [n = 5], seizures [n = 2], rhombencephalitis [n = 1], aphasia [n = 1], and ataxia [n = 1]). No acute disseminated encephalomyelitis cases were encountered. The 3 patients with possible AE had spontaneously resolving syndromes. One with definite limbic encephalitis was immune therapy responsive but had residual mood and memory problems. One patient with probable autoimmune rhombencephalitis died despite immune therapy. The remaining 26 encephalopathy cohort patients had toxic-metabolic diagnoses. Discussion We encountered occasional cases of AE in our 2020 COVID-19 experience. Consistent with sporadic reports and small case series during the COVID-19 pandemic, and prior experience of postinfectious AE, our cases had diverse clinical presentations and were neural IgG and CSF viral particle negative. Application of diagnostic criteria assists in differentiation of AE from toxic-metabolic causes arising in the setting of systemic infection. ER  - 
TELEmedicine for EPIlepsy Care (TELE-EPIC): Protocol of a randomised, open controlled non-inferiority clinical trial$$$ Introduction Epilepsy is a chronic condition requiring consistent follow-up aimed at seizure control, and monitoring of anti-seizure medication (ASM) levels and side effects. Telemedicine (TM) offers invaluable support to patient follow-up, guaranteeing the prompt availability of a team of experts for persons with epilepsy (PWE) widely distributed across the country. Although many health institutions have endorsed the use of TM, robust data on effectiveness, safety and costs of TM applied to epilepsy are lacking. TELEmedicine for EPIlepsy Care (TELE-EPIC) will evaluate the effectiveness of video consultation (VC) via TM compared with usual care (UC) for the monitoring of PWE (TELE-EPIC_RCT). Moreover, TELE-EPIC will apply an innovative Volumetric Absorptive Microsampling (VAMS) device for quantitation of ASM through finger prick blood sampling as an alternative to venipuncture sampling (TELE-EPIC_VAMS). Methods and analysis TELE-EPIC_RCT is a multicentre, open, pragmatic two-arm randomised controlled trial prospectively including adult and paediatric outpatients with established diagnosis of epilepsy consecutively attending the Epilepsy Centres of Bologna and Rome, respectively. The primary outcome is the non-inferiority of VC on seizure control compared with UC after an 18-month follow-up. Secondary outcomes are adherence to treatment, ASM-related adverse events, quality of life, mood disorders, patient and caregiver satisfaction, safety and costs. TELE-EPIC_VAMS is a cross-validation study for blood ASM quantitation through a novel, VAMS-based device, comparing (1) VAMS versus plasma samples (reference standard method); and (2) nurse-collected versus self-collected blood by VAMS device. Ethics and dissemination The study has been approved by the local ethics committee (349-2019-SPER-AUSLBO). Complete information about the state of project, relevant events and results will be regularly updated on the project's webpage on ClinicalTrials.gov. The project's results and data on the potential impact of TM in epilepsy will be disseminated on social media. A closeout meeting will be convened for the communication and dissemination of the project, highlighting its main achievements and impacts. Trial registration number NCT04496310 ER  - 
A scoping review of severe maternal morbidity: describing risk factors and methodological approaches to inform population-based surveillance$$$ Background: Current interest in using severe maternal morbidity (SMM) as a quality indicator for maternal healthcare will require the development of a standardized method for estimating hospital or regional SMM rates that includes adjustment and/or stratification for risk factors. Objective: To perform a scoping review to identify methodological considerations and potential covariates for risk adjustment for delivery-associated SMM. Search methods: Following the guidelines for Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses Extension for Scoping Reviews, systematic searches were conducted with the entire PubMed and EMBASE electronic databases to identify publications using the key term “severe maternal morbidity.” Selection criteria: Included studies required population-based cohort data and testing or adjustment of risk factors for SMM occurring during the delivery admission. Descriptive studies and those using surveillance-based data collection methods were excluded. Data collection and analysis: Information was extracted into a pre-defined database. Study design and eligibility, overall quality and results, SMM definitions, and patient-, hospital-, and community-level risk factors and their definitions were assessed. Main results: Eligibility criteria were met by 81 studies. Methodological approaches were heterogeneous and study results could not be combined quantitatively because of wide variability in data sources, study designs, eligibility criteria, definitions of SMM, and risk-factor selection and definitions. Of the 180 potential risk factors identified, 41 were categorized as pre-existing conditions (e.g., chronic hypertension), 22 as obstetrical conditions (e.g., multiple gestation), 22 as intrapartum conditions (e.g., delivery route), 15 as non-clinical variables (e.g., insurance type), 58 as hospital-level variables (e.g., delivery volume), and 22 as community-level variables (e.g., neighborhood poverty). Conclusions: The development of a risk adjustment strategy that will allow for SMM comparisons across hospitals or regions will require harmonization regarding: a) the standardization of the SMM definition; b) the data sources and population used; and c) the selection and definition of risk factors of interest. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study on the association of serum uric acid levels with depressive and anxiety symptoms in people with epilepsy$$$ Background: High serum uric acid (SUA) levels may provide protection against depression and anxiety through its defensive role in oxidative damage. The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis of the independent associations of lower SUA levels with depressive and anxiety symptoms among patients with epilepsy (PWE). Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed among 320 PWE aged ≥18 years old in Northeast China. The Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E; Chinese version) and the Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 scale (GAD-7; Chinese version) were used as screening tools for depressive and anxiety symptoms for PWE. Serum uric acid levels were measured. The associations of SUA levels with depressive and anxiety symptoms were assessed by using binary logistic regression models, with adjustment for the related risk factors (P< 0.05). Results: Lower SUA tertiles were significantly associated with higher C-NDDI-E and GAD-7 scores compared with the higher two tertiles (p=0.001, and p= 0.002). Patients with depressive symptoms exhibited significantly lower SUA levels compared to those without depressive symptoms (p< 0.001). SUA levels of patients with anxiety symptoms were significantly lower than those of patients without anxiety symptoms (p< 0.001). The first and second SUA tertiles were associated with depressive symptoms, with the third tertile group as the reference group, after adjusting for confounders (first tertile: OR = 4.694, 95% CI = 1.643~ 13.413, P = 0.004; second tertile: OR = 3.440, 95% CI = 1.278~9.256, P = 0.014). However, The first and second SUA tertiles were not associated with the risk of anxiety symptoms compared with the third tertile in the adjusted logistic regression model (First tertile: OR = 1.556, 95% CI = 0.699~3.464, P = 0.279; second tertile: OR = 1.265, 95% CI = 0.607~2.635, P = 0.530). Conclusion: We found that lower SUA levels were independently associated with depressive symptoms but not with anxiety symptoms among PWE. Further well-designed prospective cohort studies are required to determine the causality of the associations and to further clarify the mechanisms of SUA in depressive symptoms. ER  - 
Association of PICK1 and BDNF variations with increased risk of methamphetamine dependence among Iranian population: a case–control study$$$ Background: Genetic factors play an important role in susceptibility to methamphetamine dependency. In this line, protein that interact with C-kinase-1 (PICK1) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) genes are linked to methamphetamine dependence (substance use disorder). Thus, in a case–control study, we investigated the association between polymorphisms of PICK1 and BDNF genes and methamphetamine dependence in an Iranian population. Methods: Total of 235 cases and 204 controls were recruited in a period between 2015 to 2018. The PICK1-rs713729, -rs2076369 and BDNF-rs6265 genotypes were determined via ARMS-PCR assay. Statistical analysis was performed, using SPSS 20.0, PHASE 2.1.1 program as well as SNP Analyzer 2.0. Results: In the present study, two polymorphisms including PICK1-rs713729 (OR 1.38 (CI 1.08–1.52; P-value 0.004) in multiplicative and dominant models, and PICK1-rs2076369 (OR 1.31 (CI 1.10–1.56; P-value 0.002) in multiplicative, dominant and co-dominant models were associated with the risk of methamphetamine abuse. Moreover, haplotype analysis showed a significant association of haplotype AG (OR 2.50 (CI 1.50–4.16; P-value 0.0002) in dominant, recessive and co-dominant models, and haplotype TT (OR 0.67 (CI 0.50–0.91; P-value 0.009) in dominant and co-dominant models with the risk of methamphetamine abuse. None of the polymorphisms in this study had a high level of linkage disequilibrium. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that the PICK1 gene polymorphism might affect the risk of methamphetamine dependency in our population. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics, management and health related quality of life in young to middle age adults with COVID-19$$$ Background: The outbreak of COVID-19 has rapidly spread to Italy, including Pesaro-Urbino province. Data on young to middle age adults with COVID-19 are lacking. We report the characteristics, management and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in patients with COVID-19 aging ≤50 years. Methods: A retrospective analysis was performed in all patients ≤50 years with a confirmed diagnosis of COVID-19 admitted to Emergency department (ED) of San Salvatore Hospital in Pesaro from February 28th to April 8th, 2020. Data were collected from electronical medical records. HRQoL was investigated after 1 month from hospital discharge using the SF-36 questionnaire. Outcomes were evaluated between hospitalized and not hospitalized patients. Results: Among 673 patients admitted to the ED and diagnosed with COVID-19, 104 (15%) were ≤ 50 years old: 74% were discharged at home within 48 h, 26% were hospitalized. Fever occurred in 90% of the cases followed by cough (56%) and dyspnoea (34%). The most frequent coexisting conditions were hypertension (11%), thyroid dysfunction (8%) and neurological and/or mental disorders [NMDs] (6%). Mean BMI was 27. Hypokalaemia and NMDs were significantly more common in patients who underwent mechanical ventilation. Regardless of hospitalization, there was an impairment in both the physical and mental functioning. Conclusions: Overweight and hypertension are frequent conditions in young to middle age adults with COVID-19. Hypokalaemia and NMDs are commonly associated with progressive disease. A significant impact on HRQoL in the early stage of post-discharge is common in this population. ER  - 
Impact of complementary and alternative medicines on antiepileptic medication adherence among epilepsy patients$$$ Background: The aim of this study was to assess the knowledge, attitude, and practice of complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) and its impact on antiepileptic drug (AED) adherence among patients with epilepsy. Methods: A cross-sectional study was carried out on 100 epilepsy patients, aged 18 years or older that did not have any physical or psychiatric illness. A patient-administered questionnaire was used to assess their knowledge, attitude towards, practice, and perceived effectiveness (KAPP) of CAM. Established adherence assessment tools were used to determine patient medication adherence. Results: The prevalence of CAM usage was found to be at 58%. CAM was used more frequently by males (n = 32, 60.4%) than by females (n = 26, 55.3%; p = 0.609). The most commonly used CAM included vitamins and minerals (36%), ginseng (16%), antioxidants (15%), and acupuncture (12%). A significant number of patients had low knowledge of (59%) and a positive attitude (54%) toward complementary and alternative medicine. Main reasons for using CAM were a lower price, better availability, and inadequate seizure control by AEDs. About 43% of the patients who used CAM informed their doctor. Prevalence of non-adherence to AED therapy was found to be 68%. A significant association was found between non-adherence and CAM usage (p < 0.01). Conclusion: A high prevalence of CAM usage and non-adherence to AEDs among epilepsy patients was identified. CAM usage was associated with a non-adherence to AED therapy. This study highlights the need to explore CAM usage with patients before making clinical decisions to achieve the best outcomes from AED therapy. ER  - 
M.I.C.E—Mental Health Intervention for Children with Epilepsy: a randomised controlled, multi-centre clinical trial evaluating the clinical and cost-effectiveness of MATCH-ADTC in addition to usual care compared to usual care alone for children and young people with common mental health disorders and epilepsy—study protocol$$$ Background: Mental health disorders in the context of long-term conditions in children and young people are currently overlooked and undertreated. Evidence-based psychological treatments for common childhood mental health disorders (anxiety, depression and disruptive behaviour disorders) have not been systematically evaluated in young people with epilepsy despite their high prevalence in this population. The aim of this multi-site randomised controlled trial is to determine the clinical and cost-effectiveness of adding a modular psychological intervention to usual care for the mental health disorders in comparison to assessment-enhanced usual care alone. Methods: In total, 334 participants aged 3–18 years attending epilepsy services will be screened for mental health disorders with the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ) and the diagnostic Development and Wellbeing Assessment (DAWBA). Those identified as having a mental health disorder and consenting to the trial will be randomised to either receive up to 22 sessions of the modular psychological intervention (MATCH-ADTC) delivered over the telephone over 6 months by non-mental health professionals in addition to usual care or to assessment-enhanced usual care alone. Outcomes will be measured at baseline, 6 months and 12 months post-randomisation. It is hypothesised that MATCH-ADTC plus usual care will be superior to assessment-enhanced usual care in improving emotional and behavioural symptoms. The primary outcome is the SDQ reported by parents at 6 months. Secondary outcomes include parent-reported mental health measures such as the Revised Children’s Anxiety and Depression Scale, quality of life measures such as the Paediatric Quality of Life Inventory and physical health measures such as the Hague Seizure Severity Scale. Outcome assessors will be blinded to group assignment. Qualitative process evaluations and a health economic evaluation will also be completed. Discussion: This trial aims to determine whether a systematic and integrated approach to the identification and treatment of mental health disorders in children and young people with epilepsy is clinically and cost-effective. The findings will contribute to policies and practice with regard to addressing mental health needs in children and young people with other long-term conditions. Trial registration: ISRCTN ISRCTN57823197. Registered on 25 February 2019. ER  - 
Cross-sectional association between vitamin B12 status and probable postpartum depression in Indian women$$$ Background: Vitamin B12 is an essential micronutrient for neurological function, as it leads to the regeneration of methionine from homocysteine, which is precursor of biologically active molecule S-Adenosyl Methionine (SAM). Pregnancy is a state of increased demand and delayed postpartum repletion of nutrients may predispose women to depression. Methods: We included women who visited the hospital at 6-weeks postpartum for a regular checkup. Inclusion criteria were age (18–50 years), and willingness to donate venous sample for analysis. Exclusion criteria included previous history of mood disorders or antidepressant medication use, and any systemic illness like hypothyroidism, epilepsy, diabetes, and hypertension. Based on EPDS score of 10 as a cutoff, 217 women with probable postpartum depression (PPD) and equal number of age and BMI matched controls were included. Plasma total vitamin B12, holotranscobalamin (holotc), homocysteine (hcy), methyl malonic acid (MMA), 5-methyl tetrahydrofolate (THF), SAM and serotonin levels were estimated using commercially available ELISA kits. Combined B12 (cB12) score was calculated from study parameters. Multivariate analysis was performed to assess the risk of probable postpartum depression. Results: Total vitamin B12 and combined B12 score were found to be significantly lower (p = 0.001) and MMA (p = 0.002) and 5-methyl THF (p < 0.001) levels were higher in women with probable depression than women without probable PPD. Women in the lowest vitamin B12 quartile had 4.53 times higher likelihood of probable postpartum depression (p < 0.001). Multivariate analysis demonstrated that decreasing vitamin B12 (OR = 0.394; 95% CI: 0.189–0.822) and cB12 (OR = 0.293; 95% CI: 0182–0.470) and increasing MMA (OR = 2.14; 95% CI: 1.63–2.83) and 5-methyl THF levels (OR = 3.29; 95% CI: 1.59–6.83) were significantly associated with the risk of probable PPD. Conclusion: Low vitamin B12 may contribute to depressive symptoms in vulnerable postpartum period. ER  - 
Are mental disorders related to disbelief in free will? A systematic review$$$ Background: The nature and existence of free will have been debated for centuries. Since some psychiatric disorders are known to interfere with one’s ability to control their actions and thoughts (e.g., schizophrenia), the investigation of the psychiatric facet of free will beliefs seems to be relevant. In this systematic review, we were interested in clarifying if and how having a mental disorder affects individuals’ beliefs in free will by comparing psychiatric vs. non-psychiatric samples. Methods: A systematic search of MEDLINE, Web of Science, EMBASE, and PsycINFO databases was performed between 04 and 09 November 2020. The search strategy included “free will” and related constructs and terms related to DSM-5 mental disorders characterized by psychotic, compulsive, avoidant, or impulsive symptoms. Eligible designs of studies included case-control and cohort studies. Study selection took place in committee meetings consisting of six researchers. Quality assessment of the selected studies was performed through the Joanna Briggs Institute Appraisal Checklist for Case Control Studies. Results: After removing duplicates, a total of 12,218 titles/abstracts were screened. Inclusion and exclusion criteria were followed, and three articles were eventually selected. Conclusions: It is not possible to provide unequivocal confirmation that having a mental disorder can or cannot affect someone’s belief in free will. Studies with different mental disorders should be conducted in this field. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42018109468. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric symptoms among young stroke survivors—frequency, patterns, and associated factors$$$ Background: Although neuropsychiatric symptoms are reported in stroke survivors, details of its prevalence and patterns among young stroke subjects are sparse. Methods: In a hospital-based cross-sectional study in India, we recruited 150 young stroke subjects (aged < 45 years) and their caregivers > 3 months from ictus. Neuropsychiatric symptoms were evaluated using the Neuropsychiatric Inventory-12 (NPI-12) and self-reported depression with the Centre for Epidemiological Studies - Depression (CES-D) scale. Descriptive statistics were used. Multivariate analysis was performed to identify associated factors. All statistical analyses were carried out using STATA ver. 14.2, StataCorp, TX, USA. Results: Eighty-four (56%; 95% CI: 47.7–64.1%) had ≥ 1 symptoms on the NPI-12 over median time from stroke of 2 years (IQR 2). Self-reported depression was seen in 71 (47.3%). Post-stroke epilepsy was associated with presence of at least one neuropsychiatric symptom. Dementia was associated with increased odds; and having spouse as principal caregiver with reduced odds, of self-reported depression. Multiple infarcts on imaging were associated with self-reported depression (OR: 3.29; 95%CI: 1.31–8.27) and presence of any neuropsychiatric symptom (OR: 3.55; 95% CI: 1.42–8.88). Conclusion: Young stroke survivors frequently have neuropsychiatric symptoms with depression being most common. Presence of multiple infarcts on imaging was associated with self-reported depression and presence of any neuropsychiatric symptom. ER  - 
Magnetic resonance imaging findings in children with Parry-Romberg syndrome and en coup de sabre$$$ Background: The aim of this study was to: (i) describe the abnormalities seen on brain imaging in a group of children with en coup de sabre (EDCS) with/without Parry-Romberg syndrome (PRS); and (ii) identify clinical predictors of brain imaging abnormalities. Methods: This was a single centre (Great Ormond Street Hospital, London) retrospective case series of patients with ECDS/PRS seen from 2000 to 2018. We identified patients with cutaneous manifestations consistent with the clinical descriptions of ECDS/PRS. Presenting clinical, laboratory, and radiological brain findings are described. Results are expressed as medians and ranges or frequencies and percentages. Fisher’s exact test was used to identify clinical associations with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) abnormalities. Results: Fourteen patients were studied: 6 males and 8 females; median age 14 years (range 3–20). We observed neuroimaging abnormalities in 2/6 ECDS and 5/8 ECDS/PRS patients. White matter signal abnormality, dystrophic calcification, leptomeningeal enhancement, and sulcal crowding were the typical findings on brain imaging. A total of 50% of patients had no MRI abnormality despite some of these patients having neurological symptoms. The presence of seizures was significantly associated with ipsilateral enhanced white matter signalling on MRI (p < 0.05). Conclusions: In summary, we observed several distinct radiographic patterns associated with ECDS/PRS. Seizure disorder was strongly associated with the presence of ipsilateral enhanced white matter signalling. Improved neuroimaging techniques that combine morphological with functional imaging may improve the detection rate of brain involvement in children with ECDS/PRS in the future. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of eptinezumab in patients with migraine: a pooled analysis of 5 clinical trials$$$ Background: The humanized anti-CGRP monoclonal antibody eptinezumab has been evaluated in five large-scale clinical trials conducted in patients with migraine. This integrated analysis was conducted to evaluate the comprehensive safety and tolerability of eptinezumab in patients with migraine across these studies. Methods: Data were pooled from four randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies and the first year of one open-label study. Results: The pooled population comprised 2867 adults with migraine: eptinezumab, n = 2076 (4797 infusions); placebo, n = 791 (1675 infusions). A total of 1137/2076 (54.8%) patients who received eptinezumab and 414/791 (52.3%) patients who received placebo experienced ≥1 treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE); rates were similar across eptinezumab dose groups (10–1000 mg). For most patients with TEAEs, the events were mild or moderate in severity and considered unrelated to study drug by the investigators. Thirty infusion-site AEs occurred in 27/2076 (1.3%) patients who received eptinezumab and 7 in 7/791 (0.9%) patients who received placebo. Infusion-site AEs led to infusion interruption in 19/2076 (0.9%) and 5/791 (0.6%) patients in the eptinezumab and placebo groups, respectively. Nasopharyngitis occurred in ≥2% of patients in the eptinezumab 300-mg group and with an incidence of at least 2 percentage points greater than in the placebo group; however, in most patients (eptinezumab, 139/140; placebo 40/41), its occurrence was considered not related to study treatment. Adverse events coded to hypersensitivity occurred for 23/2076 (1.1%) patients treated with eptinezumab and no patients in the placebo group. If additional TEAE terms that could indicate hypersensitivity are considered (e.g., urticaria, flushing/hot flush, rash, and pruritus), hypersensitivity reactions in the two pivotal placebo-controlled phase 3 studies occurred in ≥2% of patients in the eptinezumab 100-mg and 300-mg groups, and the incidence was at least 2 percentage points greater in either of these groups than in the placebo group. Most hypersensitivity reactions were not serious and resolved with standard medical treatment or observation without treatment, usually within 1 day. Conclusions: In adults with migraine, the intravenous administration of eptinezumab every 12 weeks demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov (Identifiers: NCT01772524, NCT02275117, NCT02559895, NCT02974153, NCT02985398). ER  - 
Cyclosporine A-related neurotoxicity after haploidentical hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in children with hematopathy$$$ Background: To evaluate cyclosporine A (CSA)-related neurotoxicity after haploidentical hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HID-HSCT) in children with hematopathy. Methods: This retrospective case series study included children with hematopathy who underwent HID-HSCT at Fujian Medical University Union Hospital between February 2013 and January 2017. Results: Fifty-one children (39 males) were included in the study with a median age of 8 (range, 1.1–18) years. Seven patients (13.7%) developed CSA-related neurotoxicity after a median 38 (range, − 3 to 161) days from HID-HSCT. Hypertension (5/7, 71%) was the most common prodrome. Brain magnetic resonance imaging showed posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome in six patients and atypical abnormalities in one patient. One patient died from grade IV graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) on day + 160, and six patients were alive at the last follow-up. Four patients (71.4%) achieved complete remission, while two patients developed secondary epilepsy and exhibited persistent MRI and electroencephalogram abnormalities at the 5-year follow-up. Hypertension after CSA was more common in patients with CSA-related neurotoxicity than in those without (71% vs. 11%, P = 0.002). Five-year overall survival did not differ significantly between patients with CSA-related neurotoxicity (85.7 ± 13.2%) and those without (65.8 ± 7.2%). Conclusions: The incidence of CSA-related neurotoxicity in children with hematopathy undergoing HID-HSCT is relatively high. ER  - 
Healthcare Resource Utilization Among Patients with Focal Seizures Treated with Eslicarbazepine Acetate in the US Long-Term Care Setting: A Retrospective Claims Database Analysis$$$ Introduction: The aim of this study was to compare healthcare resource utilization (HCRU) before and after initiation of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) in the long-term care (LTC) setting (rehabilitation center, mental health center, LTC non-skilled nursing facility/assisted-living facility, home health, assisted living, nursing home, other/unknown). Methods: This retrospective analysis used IQVIA’s New Data Warehouse, which includes deterministically linked LTC, prescription, and professional fee claims data and IQVIA Hospital Charge Data Master database. The study period was 1 April 2013 to 31 December 2019. The index date was the date of ESL initiation in the LTC setting. Inclusion criteria were: (1) ≥ 1 new ESL prescription between 1 April 2014 and 31 December 2018; (2) diagnosis of focal seizure (FS) during the 12 months pre-index date; and (3) no ESL prescription during the 12-month period pre-index. A 12-month pre-post analysis compared epilepsy-specific and all-cause HCRU before and after ESL initiation. Categorical variables were compared with McNemar’s tests. Results: A total of 307 patients (mean age 52.2 years, 57.7% male) with FS were included, of whom 24.8% were in nursing homes. Patients used a mean of 3.1 antiseizure drugs prior to initiation of ESL, and 87.9% of patients initiated ESL as adjunctive treatment. There were significant reductions in proportion of patients with epilepsy specific physician office visits, emergency department (ED) visits, hospitalizations, and all-cause physician office visits and hospitalizations in the post-index period compared to the pre-index period (P < 0.05). Similar results were observed in sensitivity (patients with an epilepsy diagnosis) and subgroup analyses [presence or absence of intellectual developmental disorders or age (≥ 65 and < 65 years)]. Conclusion: Proportion of patients with epilepsy-specific physician office visits, ED visits, hospitalizations, and all-cause physician office visits and hospitalizations were significantly reduced following initiation of ESL in patients with FS in LTC. ER  - 
The burden of mental disorder in Sierra Leone: a retrospective observational evaluation of programmatic data from the roll out of decentralised nurse-led mental health units$$$ Background: In sub-Saharan Africa the treatment gap for mental disorders is high. In 2009, 98.0% of people with mental illness in Sierra Leone were not receiving treatment, partly due to the absence of public psychiatric facilities outside the capital. In response, the Ministry of Health and Sanitation rolled out nurse-led mental health units (MHU) to every district. This study aims to retrospectively evaluate the uptake of these services by examining the pathways to care, diagnosis, management, and treatment gap, to provide insight into the functioning of these units and the potential burden of mental health disorders in Sierra Leone. Methods: We evaluated the roll out of MHU using summary data from all units between 1 st January 2015 and 1 st January 2017, to establish the burden of diagnoses among service users, pathways to care, treatments provided, and treatment gaps. Negative binomial regressions examine bivariate relationships between diagnoses, treatments, and medication inaccessibility with demographics (age and sex), location (Freetown vs the rest and Ebola endemic regions vs the rest) and year. Results: We collected data from 15 MHU covering 13 districts in 24 months. There were 2401 referrals. The largest age category was 25–34 (23.4%). The prominent diagnoses were epilepsy (43.5%, associated with children) and psychosis (17.5%, associated with males). Reported depression (8.6%) and suicide attempts (33 patients) were low. Ebola endemic regions reported higher rates of grief, trauma, and medically unexplained symptoms. In 24.7% of cases where medication was required, it was not accessible. Conclusions: Nurse-led MHU can have a modest effect on the treatment gap in resource constrained environments such as Sierra Leone, particularly in epilepsy and psychosis. ER  - 
Stigma and psychological distress among pediatric participants in the FD/MAS Alliance Patient Registry$$$ Background: Stigma, both enacted and internalized, is part of the illness experience of many chronic conditions / diseases and has been found to increase psychological distress, lower self-esteem, and impact social engagement lowering quality of life (QOL). Stigma among pediatric patients is of particular concern due to its potential impact on identity formation. Using patient data from the online FD/MAS Alliance Patient Registry (FDMASAPR), this study seeks to 1) determine levels of enacted and self-stigma in a pediatric population of fibrous dysplasia (FD) / McCune Albright syndrome (MAS) patients and 2) to explore the relationship between stigma and anxiety and depression. Methods: This is a cross sectional analysis of deidentified self-report data from 18 pediatric patients. Key analytic variables include the Neuro-QOL stigma short form, the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), diagnostic category and craniofacial involvement, and select demographics. Sample means and score distributions are examined. Bivariate relationships between stigma, anxiety and depression and patient’s personal and medical characteristics are established through analysis of variance and correlation. Results: Composite stigma levels for FD/MAS pediatric patients were comparable to those of children with multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, and muscular dystrophy. Self-stigma was more frequently reported than enacted/felt stigma, but few patients indicated complete freedom from either type of stigma. Diagnosis was significantly related to self-stigma. Significant bivariate relationships were found between depression and enacted/felt and self-stigma and between anxiety and self-stigma. Conclusions: This study establishes the illness experience of pediatric patients with FD / MAS is impacted by stigma and suggests they should be regularly screened for stigma and psychological distress. It supports the integration of clinical psychologists/ therapists in regular patient care, referral of families to advocacy organizations, and indicates that rare disease patient registries can be a useful tool in efforts to improve the QOL of patients. ER  - 
Accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation (aTMS) to treat depression with treatment switching: study protocol of a pilot, randomized, delayed-start trial$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a technique for stimulating brain activity using a transient magnetic field to induce an electrical current in the brain producing depolarization of focal groups of brain cells. TMS is a protocol approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in routine clinical practice as a treatment for depression. A major limitation of rTMS is the large amount of time taken for a standard protocol (38 min a day for 20–30 working days). The optimal type and duration of TMS are still uncertain, as is the optimal strategy for continuing or changing the type of rTMS if there is a poor initial response. Objectives: The trial aims to assess whether a 1-week compressed course of left dorsolateral prefrontal (L DLPFC) 5 Hz accelerated rTMS (aTMS) treatment is as effective as an established 4-week course of non-accelerated rTMS and if additional 5 Hz L DLPFC aTMS treatments will be efficacious in non-responders as compared to 1 Hz right DLPFC aTMS treatment. Methods: A randomized, single-blind, delayed-start trial was planned to commence in Jan 2020. A total of 60 patients will be enrolled from the Institute of Mental Health Singapore within a 2-year period and randomized into the early or delayed-start phase of the trial. The primary outcome of the trial is the improvement of Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating scale at the end of the active treatment phase. Discussion: If this study protocol proves to be effective, the findings of this trial will be updated to the College of Psychiatrists, Academy of Medicine Singapore, as well as published in a peer-reviewed journal to enhance local and international TMS treatment guidelines. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT03941106. ER  - 
The interictal activities load and cognitive performance of children with typical absence epilepsy$$$ Background: The description of childhood absence epilepsy (CAE) a benign self-limited generalized epilepsy has become a matter of debate. The objectives of this work were to evaluate the existence of psychiatric and cognitive impairments among patients with typical CAE and to correlate their possible relation to seizure frequency, duration of epilepsy, IISL, and valproate therapy. Methods: The study was conducted on 19 typical CAE patients receiving valproate therapy, 11 newly diagnosed CAE patients not receiving AEDs, and 30 healthy control subjects (HCS). Participants were subjected to medical history taking, EEG monitoring, child behavior checklist (CBCL), Stanford Binet Intelligence Scale 5th edition, and computerized psychometric tests that assess cognitive domains and executive functions. Results: The study revealed a high rate of cognitive and psychiatric dysfunctions in CAE patients. 53.3% of patients had psychiatric problems versus 16.6% in HCS. Attention deficit hyperactive disorder (ADHD) (26.6%), anxiety (16.6%), and depression (6.6%) were the most common psychiatric disorders in the patient group. Withdrawn/depressed symptoms, thought problems, social problems, and attention problems in CAE patients were significantly increased compared to HCS. At the same time, CAE patients perform worse in cognitive scales than HCS with comparable intelligent quotient (IQ) scores. Conclusion: Cognitive and psychiatric impairments in typical CAE patients appear multifactorial in origin with epilepsy-related factors including the duration of epilepsy and interictal spike load (IISL). ER  - 
Recent advancements to enhance the therapeutic efficacy of antiepileptic drugs$$$ Epilepsy is a multifactorial neurological disorder characterized by recurrent or unprovoked seizures. Over the past two decades, many new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) were developed and are in use for the treatment of epilepsy. However, drug resistance, drug-drug interaction and adverse eventsare common problems associated with AEDs. Antiepileptic drugs must be used only if the ratio of efficacy, safety, and tolerability of treatment are favorable and outweigh the disadvantages includingtreatment costs. The application of novel drug delivery techniques could enhance the efficacy and reduce the toxicity of AEDs. These novel techniques aim to deliver an optimal concentration of the drug more specifically to the seizure focus or foci in the CNS without numerous side-effects. The purpose of this article is to review the recent advancements in antiepileptic treatment and summarizethe novel modalities in the route of administration and drug delivery, including gene therapy, for effective treatment of epilepsy. ER  - 
Epidemiological profile of psychiatric illnesses in the province of Taza, Morocco: case of a study on a schizophrenic sub-population in the Ibn Baja Hospital$$$ Aim: The objective of this study is to assess the prevalence of major psychiatric disorders and to plot some characteristics of the schizophrenic sub-population in the study area. Methods: We present the results of a retrospective study on psychiatric illnesses listed at the level of the psychiatric department at the Ibn Baja Hospital in the province of Taza (Morocco), involving a sample of 3803 patients aged 18 years and over between 2006 and 2016. Results: The results obtained show that the average age of our sample is 33 ± 10.5 years and that schizophrenia is the most pronounced psychiatric disorder with a prevalence of 69.9%, followed by bipolar disorder (8.4%), manic state (8.3%), major depression (5.8%), epilepsy (3.7%), dementia (2.5%), and drug addiction (1.5%). The predominance of the workforce for all psychiatric disorders was significantly in favor of males (P = 0.000) with an M/F sex ratio of 4.9. Most patients were from urban areas 77.1%, compared with 22.9% from rural areas, with a predominance of males (P<0.001). Schizophrenia disease is the most predominant in the region with a prevalence of 1.6% and affects 83% of men versus 17% of women with a M/F sex ratio value of 5.6 in favor of men (P = 0.000). Conclusion: In our region of study, as everywhere else in the world, the prevalence of psychiatric diseases on the one hand, and schizophrenia on the other hand, seems to be worrying, thus requiring more vigilance on the part of public health workers in general and mental health workers. ER  - 
How different combinations of comorbidities affect healthcare use by elderly patients with obstructive lung disease$$$ Previous research had shown the number of comorbidities is a major factor influencing the burden of care for elderly patients with obstructive lung disease (OLD). This retrospective cohort study on a large population of elderly patients (age > 65 years) with OLD in northern Italy measures the use of healthcare resources associated with the most frequent combinations of comorbidities and investigates the most common reasons for hospitalization. Total health costs, pharmacy costs, emergency department (ED) visits, outpatient visits, and hospital admissions are assessed for every subject. The most common causes of hospitalization by a number of comorbidities and the most common sets of three comorbidities are identified. For each comorbidity group, we rank a list of the most frequent causes of hospitalization, both overall and avoidable with effective ambulatory care. A small group of patients suffering from major comorbidities accounts for the use of most healthcare resources. The most frequent causes of hospitalization are respiratory failure, heart failure, chronic bronchitis, and bronchopneumonia. The most common conditions manageable with ambulatory care among causes of hospitalizations are heart failure, bacterial pneumonia, and COPD. The set of three comorbidities responsible for the highest average total costs, and the highest average number of hospitalizations and outpatient visits comprised hypertension, cardiac arrhythmias, and heart failure. The main reasons for hospitalization proved to remain linked to heart failure and acute respiratory disease, regardless of specific combinations of comorbidities. Based on these findings, specific public health interventions among patients with OLD cannot be advised on the basis of specific sets of comorbidities only. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and neuroimaging findings of seven patients with Dyke Davidoff Masson syndrome$$$ Background: DDMS is a rare disease diagnosed by clinical and radiological characteristics. But the complexity of radiological and clinical manifestations of DDMS has become a challenge diagnostically. To date, the reported cases with DDMS had highly varied clinical manifestations including seizures, contralateral hemiplegia/hemiparesis, facial asymmetry, mental retardation, etc. In addition to typical clinical findings, some new characteristics have been recently added to the spectrum of DDMS. However, few cases have been reported to be associated with neuropsychiatric symptoms according to the literature. This study aimed to investigate the neuropsychiatric manifestations associated with Dyke-Davidoff-Masson syndrome (DDMS) and related imaging findings. Methods: This study included 7 patients diagnosed with DDMS between 2014 and 2020. The clinical characteristics, neuropsychiatric manifestations, and radiological results were retrospectively evaluated. Results: Seven patients (five males and two females) with a mean age of 28.0 ± 9.73 (range 15.0–41.0) years were included. Five patients were admitted to the psychiatric unit due to psychological and behavioral disorders. Two patients were referred to the neurology unit mainly due to epilepsy. Six patients had epileptic seizures, 4 had hemiplegia, 3 had mental retardation, 2 patients had external ear deformities, and 2 had facial asymmetry. Neuropsychiatric symptoms were presented in 6 (85.7 %) cases. Cases 2–6 developed affective disorders. Deficits in verbal communication, impairment of social interaction, lack of insight, adulia and hypobulia appeared in cases 1–4. Schizophrenia with apathy, and epileptic schizoid psychosis were observed in cases 4 and 5 respectively. Case 6 had behavioral disorders, hyperactivity, tic disorder, mental retardation, anxiety, catatonic symptoms and suicidal tendency. Case 7 had seizures and mental retardation, and no psychiatric symptoms were presented. Radiological examinations showed unilateral cerebral atrophy, enlarged lateral ventricles, and various compensatory hypertrophy of the skull in all cases. The midline structure has shifted to the affected side in 5(71.4 %) cases. Atrophy of the basal ganglia or brain stem was observed in 4(57.1 %) cases. Conclusions: The hallmark imaging manifestations of DDMS facilitated the diagnosis in most cases. This study illustrated that a variety of psychoneurotic disorders and ear abnormalities were correlated with DDMS. ER  - 
Psychiatric disorders of the combination of levetiracetam either with lacosamide or perampanel: a retrospective cohort study$$$ Background The number of patients with epilepsy receiving perampanel or lacosamide as an add-on treatment following levetiracetam treatment has increased. Although levetiracetam causes psychiatric disorders, it is unclear whether they occur with the combined use of these antiepileptic drugs. Objective To determine the frequency of psychiatric disorders in patients received lacosamide or perampanel in combination with levetiracetam. Setting A single-center retrospective cohort study. Method Patients who received levetiracetam + lacosamide or levetiracetam + perampanel were selected. Medical records from the start of combination therapy contained characteristics of patients and the incidence of psychiatric disorders. Main outcome measure The frequency of psychiatric disorders, the time to onset, dose reduction or discontinuation following psychiatric disorders, and the clinical course following disorder onset. Results Forty-four patients used levetiracetam + lacosamide and 50 used levetiracetam + perampanel. The incidence of psychiatric disorders was significantly lower (p < 0.001) with levetiracetam + lacosamide (6.8%) than with levetiracetam + perampanel (44%). The incidence of affect lability was significantly higher with levetiracetam + perampanel than with levetiracetam + lacosamide (p = 0.018). The time to the onset of psychiatric disorders was within 1 month of dose initiation or increase in one case (33.3%) with levetiracetam + lacosamide and 16 cases (72.7%) with levetiracetam + perampanel. There was no significant difference in clinical characteristics and antiepileptic drug dosages owing to the presence or absence of psychiatric disorders. Conclusion As the frequency of psychiatric disorders was higher with levetiracetam + perampanel therapy, levetiracetam + lacosamide may be preferable. These disorders tended to develop within 1 month of therapy and were not dose-dependent. Antiepileptic drugs should be cautiously prescribed to avoid psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Pattern and prevalence of neuropsychiatric lupus: a retrospective study from a tertiary level hospital in Bangladesh$$$ Background: Neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) is well known for its varying presentations and poor outcomes, but little is evident about its distribution and characteristics among the Bangladeshi population. This study aimed to assess the pattern and prevalence of neuropsychiatric symptoms in female systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients of Bangladesh. A retrospective study was conducted at a tertiary care hospital in Dhaka, Bangladesh, between January and December 2018. One hundred female SLE patients were included in the study purposively. Data were collected on sociodemographic and clinical characteristics of diagnosed SLE cases visiting the SLE clinic and indoor medicine department. Neuropsychiatric (NP) syndromes were defined according to the widely accepted American College of Rheumatology (ACR) nomenclature and case definitions. Results: A total of 244 NP events were identified in fifty-five patients. Headache was the most frequent symptom (55%), followed by cognitive dysfunction (50%), anxiety (49%), psychosis (43%), seizure (23%), depression (17%), and cerebrovascular disease (ischemic type, 7%). The NP manifestations were more prevalent among urban residents (58.2%), younger patients (41.8%), and patients with graduate-level education (34.5%). Besides, young age at diagnosis (p = 0.038), Raynaud’s phenomenon (p = 0.015), other organ involvement (p < 0.001), and time of NPSLE development (p < 0.001) were found to be significantly associated with the development of these manifestations. Conclusion: NP damage is prevalent among Bangladeshi female SLE patients (55%) with headache and cognitive dysfunction being the most common symptoms. Routine screening for neuropsychiatric symptoms among suspected SLE cases and further evaluation with a larger population are warranted. ER  - 
Cannabidiol use and effectiveness: real-world evidence from a Canadian medical cannabis clinic$$$ Background: Cannabidiol (CBD) is a primary component in the cannabis plant; however, in recent years, interest in CBD treatments has outpaced scientific research and regulatory advancement resulting in a confusing landscape of misinformation and unsubstantiated health claims. Within the limited results from randomized controlled trials, and lack of trust in product quality and known clinical guidelines and dosages, real-world evidence (RWE) from countries with robust regulatory frameworks may fill a critical need for patients and healthcare professionals. Despite growing evidence and interest, no real-world data (RWD) studies have yet investigated patients’ reports of CBD impact on symptom control in the common expression of pain, anxiety, depression, and poor wellbeing. The objective of this study is to assess the impact of CBD-rich treatment on symptom burden, as measured with a specific symptom assessment scale (ESAS-r). Methods: This retrospective observational study examined pain, anxiety, depression symptoms, and wellbeing in 279 participants over 18 years old, prescribed with CBD-rich treatment at a network of clinics dedicated to medical cannabis in Quebec, Canada. Data were collected at baseline, 3 (FUP1), and 6 (FUP2) month after treatment initiation. Groups were formed based on symptom severity (mild vs moderate/severe) and based on changes to treatment plan at FUP1 (CBD vs THC:CBD). Two-way mixed ANOVAs were used to assess ESAS-r scores differences between groups and between visits. Results: All average ESAS-r scores decreased between baseline and FUP1 (all ps < 0.003). The addition of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) during the first follow-up had no effect on symptom changes. Patients with moderate/severe symptoms experienced important improvement at FUP1 (all ps < 0.001), whereas scores on pain, anxiety, and wellbeing of those with mild symptoms actually increased. Differences in ESAS-r scores between FUP1 and FUP2 were not statistically different. Conclusion: This retrospective observational study suggests CBD-rich treatment has a beneficial impact on pain, anxiety, and depression symptoms as well as overall wellbeing only for patients with moderate to severe symptoms; however, no observed effect on mild symptoms. The results of this study contribute to address the myths and misinformation about CBD treatment and demand further investigation. ER  - 
Quality of life and its predictors in adults with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC): a multicentre cohort study from Germany$$$ Background: Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is a monogenetic, multisystemic disease characterised by the formation of benign tumours that can affect almost all organs, caused by pathogenic variations in TSC1 or TSC2. In this multicentre study from Germany, we investigated the influence of sociodemographic, clinical, and therapeutic factors on quality of life (QoL) among individuals with TSC. Methods: We assessed sociodemographic and clinical characteristics and QoL among adults with TSC throughout Germany using a validated, three-month, retrospective questionnaire. We examined predictors of health-related QoL (HRQoL) using multiple linear regression analysis and compared the QoL among patients with TSC with QoL among patients with other chronic neurological disorders. Results: We enrolled 121 adults with TSC (mean age: 31.0 ± 10.5 years; range: 18–61 years, 45.5% [n = 55] women). Unemployment, a higher grade of disability, a higher number of organ manifestations, the presence of neuropsychiatric manifestations or active epilepsy, and a higher burden of therapy-related adverse events were associated with worse QoL, as measured by two QoL instruments (EuroQoL-5 dimensions [EQ-5D] and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Patients [QOLIE-31]). Neuropsychiatric and structural nervous system manifestations, the number of affected organs, and therapy-related adverse events were also associated with higher depression, as measured by the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E). In multiple regression analysis, more severe therapy-related adverse events (large effect, p < 0.001), active epilepsy (large effect, p < 0.001), and neuropsychiatric manifestations (medium effect, p = 0.003) were independently associated with worse HRQoL, explaining 65% of the variance (p < 0.001). The HRQoL among patients with active TSC-associated epilepsy was worse than that among patients with drug-refractory mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (p < 0.001), and the generic QoL among patients with more than three TSC organ manifestations was similar to those of patients with severe migraine and uncontrolled asthma. Conclusions: Active epilepsy, neuropsychiatric manifestations (such as anxiety and depression), and therapy-related adverse events are important independent predictors of worse quality of life among adults with TSC. Generic quality of life in TSC with several manifestations is similar to uncontrolled severe chronic diseases and significantly negatively correlates with TSC severity. Trial registration: DRKS, DRKS00016045. Registered 01 March 2019. ER  - 
Medicinal cannabis: knowledge, beliefs, and attitudes of Colombian psychiatrists$$$ Background: The use of cannabinoids in mental health has gained strength in recent years due to emerging scientific evidence and the lifting of prohibitionist laws that prevailed for years in many countries, including Colombia. This study describes the results of a survey of Colombian psychiatrists on some aspects of medicinal cannabis, such as attitudes towards its potential use, perceived knowledge, and beliefs surrounding its regulation and safety. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional survey of 145 psychiatrists in 14 territories of Colombia between November 2019 and July 2020. The survey consisted of 28 items on topics related to medicinal cannabis, including attitudes and clinical experience (4 items), perceived knowledge (4 items), indications for use in psychiatric pathologies (6 items), indications for use in nonpsychiatric pathologies (8 items), and concerns and awareness about safety and efficacy (6 items). The results were summarized using descriptive statistics. In addition, possible associations among variables were examined using Fisher’s exact test. Results: Eighty-two percent of the psychiatrists agreed that medical cannabis should be available for different medical conditions, and 73.1% stated that they wanted to be able to prescribe it. However, 66.2% said they did not know how to help their patients legally access it, and only 25% understood the legal status of medicinal cannabis in the country. The mental health indications that received the highest approval levels for cannabis use were insomnia (35.2%), anxiety disorders (29%), and agitation in dementia (18.6%). The greatest disapproval of cannabis use was indicated for schizophrenia, with 66.9%. The most approved nonpsychiatric medical conditions were cancer-related chronic pain (87.6%), chemotherapy-related nausea and vomiting (78.6%), and chronic pain not associated with cancer (72.4%). Multinomial stepwise logistic regression analysis showed that female psychiatrists who did not agree with MC to treat psychiatric symptoms were more likely to agree with non-psychiatric use. Conclusions: Our results showed that this sample of Colombian psychiatrists have a favorable attitude towards the prescription of medicinal cannabis; however, there is a serious lack of knowledge of the legal status of medicinal cannabis in the country and the methods through which patients can gain access to government-regulated products. Most of them approve the use of MC for nonpsychiatric conditions and, in general, disapprove of its use in mental illnesses. They generally consider medicinal cannabis as a safe treatment compared to other psychotropic drugs and medications with potential risk of dependence, such as opioids and/or benzodiazepines. ER  - 
Serum concentrations of antidepressants, antipsychotics, and antiepileptics over the bariatric surgery procedure$$$ Purpose: As a substantial proportion of bariatric surgery patients use psychotropic/antiepileptic drugs, we investigated the impact of this procedure on serum concentrations. Methods: In a naturalistic, longitudinal, prospective case series, we compared dose-adjusted trough concentrations of antidepressants, antipsychotics, or antiepileptics in consecutive patients before and after bariatric surgery. Adherence to treatment over 2 weeks preceding each sampling was considered. Results: In all, 85 participants were included (86% female, median age 45 years, median body mass index 42 kg/m2). They were being treated with 18 different psychotropic/antiepileptic drugs (7 substances: 6–17 individuals, 11 substances: 1–4 individuals) and contributed 237 samples over a median of 379 days after surgery. For four out of seven substances with pre-/post-surgery samples available from six or more individuals, the dose-adjusted concentration was reduced (sertraline: 51%, mirtazapine: 41%, duloxetine: 35%, citalopram: 19%). For sertraline and mirtazapine, the low-calorie-diet before surgery entirely explained this reduction. A consistent finding, irrespective of drug, was the association between the mean ratio of the post-/pre-diet dose-adjusted concentration and the lipophilicity of the drug (logD; correlation coefficient: −0.69, P = 0.0005), the low-calorie diet often affecting serum concentration more than the surgery itself. Conclusions: Serum concentrations of psychotropic/antiepileptic drugs vary after bariatric surgery and can be hard to predict in individual patients, suggesting that therapeutic drug monitoring is of value. Conversely, effects of the pre-surgery, low-calorie diet appear generalizable, with decreased concentrations of highly lipophilic drugs and increased concentrations of highly hydrophilic drugs. Interaction effects (surgery/dose/concentration) were not evident but cannot be excluded. ER  - 
Delayed hemorrhage after pediatric stereo-electroencephalography: delayed occurrence or delayed diagnosis?$$$ Background: Stereo-electroencephalography (SEEG) is a well-known invasive diagnostic method for drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE). Its rate of complications is relatively low, being the intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) the most relevant. Most centers perform immediate imaging studies after SEEG to rule out complications. However, delayed intracranial hemorrhages (DIH) can occur despite normal imaging studies in the immediate postoperative period. Methods: We performed a retrospective review of DRE pediatric patients operated on SEEG between April 2016 and December 2020 in our institution. After implantation, an immediate postoperative CT was performed to check electrode placement and rule out acute complications. An additional MRI was performed 24 h after surgery. We collected all postoperative hemorrhages and considered them as major or minor according to Wellmer´s classification. Results: Overall, 25 DRE patients were operated on SEEG with 316 electrodes implanted. Three ICHs were diagnosed on postoperative imaging. Two of them were asymptomatic requiring no treatment, while the other needed surgical evacuation after clinical worsening. The total risk of hemorrhage per procedure was 12%, but just one third of them were clinically relevant. Two hemorrhages were not visible on immediate postoperative CT, being incidentally diagnosed in the 24 h MRI. We recorded them as DIH and are reported in detail. Conclusion: Few reports of DIH after SEEG exist in the literature. It remains unclear whether these cases are late occurring hemorrhages or immediate postoperative hemorrhages undiagnosed on initial imaging. According to our findings, we recommend to perform additional late postoperative imaging to diagnose these cases and manage them accurately. ER  - 
Multiple sclerosis is associated with higher comorbidity and health care resource use: A population-based, case–control study in a western Mediterranean region$$$ Background and purpose: Comorbidities are common in multiple sclerosis (MS), and have been associated with worse outcomes and increased health care resource usage. We studied the frequency of comorbidities and adverse health behaviors (AHBs) in MS patients in the Mediterranean region of Catalonia. Methods: This population-based, case–control study used primary health care information covering 80% of Catalonia's population. Cases were matched by age/sex with randomly chosen controls (ratio = 1:5). Demographic information, comorbidities, AHBs, annual visits, sick leave days, and medication dispensing were studied. The association of comorbidities with MS and the profile of comorbidities according to sex within MS cases were assessed with multivariate logistic regression models, after adjusting for confounding variables. Health care resource usage was analyzed in MS cases compared to controls, and within MS cases in those with compared to those without comorbidities. Results: Five thousand five hundred forty-eight MS cases and 27,710 controls (70% female, mean age = 48.3 years) were included. Stroke (odds ratio [OR] = 1.54, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.17–1.99), epilepsy (OR = 2.46, 95% CI = 1.94–3.10), bipolar disorder (OR = 1.67, 95% CI = 1.17–2.36), and depression (OR = 1.83, 95% CI = 1.70–1.98) were more frequent in MS. Cases were more prone to smoking but less to alcohol intake. Among cases, psychiatric comorbidities were more frequent in women, whereas cardiovascular diseases and AHBs were more frequent in men. MS patients, particularly with comorbidities, had higher health care resource usage than controls. Conclusions: Psychiatric comorbidities, stroke, epilepsy, and AHBs are more common in MS patients than in the general population in the western Mediterranean region of Catalonia. The presence of comorbidities increases the health care resource usage in MS patients. ER  - 
Intraoperative panic attack in patients undergoing awake craniotomy: a retrospective analysis of risk factors$$$ Purpose: Intraoperative anxiety is the most common psychological response of the patient during awake craniotomy. Psychological stress can trigger patient decline, resulting in failed awake craniotomy and significantly poor outcomes. This study aimed to identify the risk factors for panic attack (PA) during awake craniotomies. Methods: With the local ethics committee approval, we conducted a manual chart review of the medical record of patients who underwent consecutive awake craniotomies between November 1999 and October 2016 at Tokyo Women's Medical University. A total of 405 patients were identified and assigned to 2 groups based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-V criteria: those that met the PA criteria (Group PA) and those that did not (Group non-PA). Patient characteristics and the incidence of the PA specifier were collected. The features of the two groups were statistically compared, and risk factors for PA occurrence were determined by regression analysis. Results: Sixteen of 405 patients met the diagnostic criteria of PA. Patients' characteristics were not statistically different between the groups. Multivariate logistic regression showed that intraoperative anxiety (p = 0.0002) and age younger than 39 years (as opposed to age > = 39 years; p = 0.0328) were significantly associated with the occurrence of PA during awake craniotomy. Conclusions: For patients undergoing awake craniotomy, intraoperative anxiety and age younger than 39 years were considered risk factors of PA. As PA often necessitates conversion to general anesthesia, intensive perioperative psychological support and pain management are required to achieve patient satisfaction and the surgical goal of awake craniotomy. ER  - 
Sex differences in antipsychotic efficacy and side effects in schizophrenia spectrum disorder: results from the BeSt InTro study$$$ Current guidelines for patients with schizophrenia spectrum disease do not take sex differences into account, which may result in inappropriate sex-specific treatment. In the BeSt InTro study, a total of 144 patients (93 men and 51 women) with a schizophrenia spectrum diagnosis and ongoing psychosis were included and randomized to amisulpride, aripiprazole, or olanzapine in flexible dose. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT01446328). Primary outcomes were sex differences in dose, dose-corrected serum levels, efficacy, and tolerability. Dosing was higher for men than for women in the aripiprazole group (p = 0.025) and, at trend level, in the olanzapine group (p = 0.056). Dose-corrected serum levels were 71.9% higher in women than in men for amisulpride (p = 0.019) and 55.8% higher in women than in men for aripiprazole (p = 0.049). In the amisulpride group, men had a faster decrease in psychotic symptoms than women (p = 0.003). Moreover, amisulpride was more effective than the other medications in men but not in women. Prolactin levels were higher in women than in men, especially for amisulpride (p < 0.001). Also, women had higher BMI increase on amisulpride compared to the two other antipsychotics (p < 0.001). We conclude that clinicians should be aware of the risks of overdosing in women, especially for amisulpride and aripiprazole. Amisulpride is highly effective in men, but in women, amisulpride showed more severe side effects and may thus not be the drug of first choice. Our study shows that sex differences should be taken into account in future studies on antipsychotics. Future research is warranted to evaluate these preliminary results. ER  - 
Seizures induced in electroconvulsive therapy as a human epilepsy model: A comparative case study$$$ Objective: Standardized investigation of epileptic seizures and the postictal state may contribute to a better understanding of ictal and postictal phenomena. This comparative case study aims to assess whether electrically induced seizures in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) show sufficient similarities with spontaneous seizures to serve as a human epilepsy model. Methods: We compared six EEG recordings, three ECT-induced seizures and three generalized tonic-clonic seizures, using quantitative electroencephalography (EEG) analyses. EEG recordings during and after ECT sessions (under general anesthesia and muscle paralysis) were collected prospectively, whereas epilepsy data were selected retrospectively. Time-frequency representations, dominant ictal frequencies, and postictal alpha-delta ratios were calculated. Results: In all EEG recordings, a decrease in dominant ictal frequency was observed, as well as postictal suppression. Postictal alpha-delta ratio indicated the same trend for all: a gradual increase from predominantly delta to alpha frequencies on timescales of hours after the seizure. Postictal spectral representation was similar. Muscle artifacts were absent in ECT-induced seizures and present in spontaneous seizures. Ictal amplitude was higher in epileptic than in ECT-induced seizures. Temporospectral ictal dynamics varied slightly between groups. Significance: We show that ictal and postictal characteristics in ECT and patients with generalized tonic-clonic seizures are essentially similar. ECT-induced seizures may be used to investigate aspects of ictal and postictal states in a highly predictable manner and well-controlled environment. This suggests that clinical and electrophysiological observations during ECT may be extrapolated to epilepsy with generalized tonic-clonic seizures. ER  - 
Clinicomycological overview of brain abscess in a tertiary care center: A 38 year retrospection: Fungal brain abscess$$$ Introduction: Brain abscesses (BA) form approximately 8% of intracranial masses in developing and 1-2% in western countries. Fungal BA (FBA) are aggressive and represent a catastrophic manifestation compared to protozoan and bacterial BA. Diagnosis of FBA is rare and usually done postmortem. Objectives: The present retrospective study analyses the clinico-mycological aspects of FBA presented to our neurosurgical services over a period of 38 years, from January 1979 to April 2017. Materials and Methods: Patients diagnosed as definitive cases of FBA were included in the study. Clinico- demographic and microbiological data were collected from medical records. BA pus was examined for fungal etiology using standard microbiological procedures. Results: During the period of 38 years out of total 2,916 brain abscesses, 29 cases of FBA were diagnosed with an overall incidence rate of 0.99% per year. Cladophialophora bantiana (44%) was the most predominant isolate followed by Aspergillus spp and others. Male preponderance was seen with a male:female ratio of 4.8:1. There was no predilection for any age group. Headache, limb weakness and fever were the most common presentations. Amphotericin B was given in 44.8% of cases. Craniotomy with excision (48.2%) was the predominant surgical management. Outcome was fatal in 62% of the cases. Conclusion: Neurotropic C. bantiana is the predominant isolate causing fungal brain abscess. The incidence and trends of fungi causing brain abscess do not show significant change. Young immunocompetent outdoor working males were predominantly susceptible to fungal infection. Advance in the diagnostic modalities show promising in diagnosis of FBA. High index of suspicion with early diagnosis, prompt antifungal therapy and aggressive surgical management is required as FBA are associated with high mortality rate. ER  - 
Depression, Anxiety, and Parenting Stress among Mothers of Children with West Syndrome$$$ The present cross-sectional study was designed to determine the prevalence of depression, anxiety, and parenting stress in mothers of children aged 6 mo to 5 y with West syndrome compared to mothers of healthy children. The enrolled mothers were subjected to interview-based administration of the Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II), and Parenting Stress Scale (PSS). Maternal anxiety [HAM score: 9 (5, 14) vs. 1 (0, 2.2); p < 0.01], depression [BDI score: 11 (7, 19) vs. 1 (0, 3); p < 0.01], and parental stress [PSS score: 40 (32, 45) vs. 22 (20, 24); p < 0.01] were significantly higher among mothers of children with West syndrome when compared to controls. Logistic regression revealed maternal education to be a significant predictor of depression among mothers of children with West syndrome. Anxiety, depression, and parental stress were higher among mothers of children with West syndrome and they should be additionally screened. ER  - 
An Israeli tuberous sclerosis cohort: the efficacy of different anti-epileptic strategies$$$ Aim: We aimed to describe the experience of a large single-center cohort for the clinical, radiological, and genetic characteristics, as well as to determine the efficacy of different anti-epileptic strategies in children and adults with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). Methods: We carried out a historical cohort study on 91 TSC patients treated in a single center between 2008 and 2018. Results: Our cohort comprised 46 males and 45 females, with a median age of 15.6 years at the last follow-up. Mean follow-up time was 2.5 ± 0.75–5.5 years (range 0–9.5 years). Of those tested, a disease-causing mutation was identified in 90% of patients, 53% in TSC2, and 37% in TSC1. Epilepsy prevalence was similar among TSC1 and TSC2 mutated patients. The most common radiological finding were cortical tubers in 95% of patients, while subependymal giant cell astrocytoma (SEGA) were detected in 36% of patients. Notably, infantile spasms (IS) were diagnosed in 29%, with SEGA representing the only finding significantly different in prevalence between those with and without IS (62% vs. 28%, respectively, p = 0.009). Lastly, we did not find any difference in efficacy between three anti-epileptic treatments: Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), CBD-based products, and the ketogenic diet, all showing approximately 30%–40% response rates. Significance: Altogether, we provide a comprehensive description of our experience in treating TSC, which could serve to expand current knowledge of the disease and its treatments. ER  - 
Sex and alcohol use disorder predict the presence of cancer, respiratory, and other medical conditions: Findings from the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions-III$$$ Background: Women experience greater health consequences of alcohol compared to their male counterparts. In recent years, rates of drinking and heavy alcohol use have increased in women while remaining relatively steady in men. Thus, our aim was to newly examine associations between sex, AUD, and the presence of medical conditions in a large nationally representative, cross-sectional dataset. Methods: Using data from the U.S. National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (NESARC-III; n = 36,309), we evaluated relationships among sex and DSM-5 AUD, and their association with past year clinician-confirmed medical conditions. Results: Women were 1.5 to 2 times more likely to be diagnosed with a past year cancer, pain, respiratory, or other significant medical condition compared to men (odds ratio [OR] = 1.331–2.027). Individuals with an ongoing DSM-5 AUD were nearly 1.5 to 2 times more likely to report a confirmed past year liver, cardiovascular, cancer, or other significant medical condition compared to those without an AUD (OR = 1.437–2.073). Interactive effects demonstrated that women with an ongoing AUD were 2 to 3 times more likely to report a past year doctor- or health professional-confirmed medical condition compared to men; specifically, respiratory conditions and cancers (OR = 1.767–2.713). Conclusions: Results identify that AUD is a critical factor associated with disease that spans organ systems. Associations between AUD and respiratory conditions or cancers are particularly robust in women. Effective interventions for a broad spectrum of medical conditions should consider the role of problematic alcohol use, especially given that rates of drinking in women are increasing. ER  - 
Characteristics of childhood allergic diseases in outpatient and emergency departments in Shanghai, China, 2016–2018: a multicenter, retrospective study$$$ Background: The prevalence of allergic diseases (ADs), such as asthma and allergic rhinitis (AR), is increasing worldwide in both adults and children. Although ADs are common and frequently coexist in outpatient care, city-level data regarding the characteristics of childhood AD remain limited in China. This study aimed to assess the profile and characteristics of ADs in the city of Shanghai. Methods: A multicenter retrospective study was designed to collect routine administrative data from outpatient and emergency departments from 66 hospitals in Shanghai, China, from 2016 to 2018. Children with asthma, AR, allergic conjunctivitis (AC), and allergic skin diseases were investigated. Demographic characteristics, patients visit pattern, spectrum of diagnosis, and comorbidities were analyzed. Results: A total of 2,376,150 outpatient and emergency visits for ADs were included in the period from 2016 to 2018. Allergic skin diseases accounted for 38.9%, followed by asthma (34.8%), AR (22.9%), and AC (3.3%), with a male predominance in all four diseases. Asthma and allergic skin diseases were most frequent in the 1 to < 4 years of age group, while AR and AC were more common in the 4 to < 7 years of age group. Asthma accounted for the greatest number of annual and emergency visits. The most frequent comorbidity of asthma was lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI) (49.3%), followed by AR (20.5%) and upper respiratory tract infection (14.1%). The most common comorbidities of AR were otitis media (23.4%), adenoid hypertrophy/obstructive sleep apnea (22.1%), followed by LRTI (12.1%), asthma (9.4%) and chronic pharyngitis (8.9%). Conclusions: Asthma and allergic skin diseases were the most common ADs in outpatient and emergency departments in the study period. Respiratory tract infection was the most common comorbidity of asthma in children. More attention should be devoted to the treatment of comorbidities to improve childhood AD outcomes with a better understanding of the characteristics of ADs in outpatient care. ER  - 
Status epilepticus in the Canadian Arctic: A public health imperative hidden in plain sight$$$ Objective: The World Health Organization, International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE), and International Bureau for Epilepsy have called epilepsy a public health imperative, with appropriate emphasis on low-to-middle-income countries (LMIC). Although Canada is a high-income country (HIC), income is not distributed uniformly. Furthermore, epilepsy data from the national statistical agency explicitly overlook the Arctic by excluding these territories. A common neurologic emergency, status epilepticus (SE) is a life-threatening manifestation of epilepsy that demands prompt treatment to avoid death and long-term sequelae. Therefore, we examined the rate of SE in a well-defined Canadian Arctic region. Methods: This study takes epidemiologic advantage of the Kivalliq Region's geographical isolation, which is accessible only by air. All SE patients requiring emergency care are consistently flown 1200-1900 kilometers to a single designated hospital in a distinct southern part of Canada for further management and electroencephalography (EEG). We conducted a retrospective database and chart review at this “bottleneck” hospital to identify patients with seizure(s) severe enough to justify emergency airborne medical evacuation over a 11.25-year period from 2009 to 2020. Results: We screened 40 392 EEGs to yield 117 distinct medical evacuations for “operational SE” from 99 patients to derive estimated SE incidences of 99.9 evacuations per 100 000/year and 84.5 patients per 100 000/year. The average time from seizure onset to EEG was 3.2 days. Only 16.2% of SE patients had known epilepsy. For “confirmed SE” cases meeting ILAE criteria, or cases with persistently epileptiform EEG despite days of empiric treatment, estimated incidence was 77.7 evacuations per 100 000/year and 64.9 patients per 100 000/year. Significance: High SE and epilepsy rates in the Canadian Arctic are consistent with LMIC rather than HIC. Our findings demonstrate the paradox of LMIC-equivalent epilepsy populations camouflaged within HIC. Our findings also highlight the long-standing plight of these under-served and overlooked populations hidden in plain sight. ER  - 
Prediction of Osteoporotic Fractures in Elderly Individuals: A Derivation and Internal Validation Study Using Healthcare Administrative Data$$$ In Canada and other countries, osteoporosis is monitored as part of chronic disease population surveillance programs. Although fractures are the principal manifestation of osteoporosis, very few algorithms are available to identify individuals at high risk of osteoporotic fractures in current surveillance systems. The objective of this study was to derive and validate predictive models to accurately identify individuals at high risk of osteoporotic fracture using information available in healthcare administrative data. More than 270,000 men and women aged ≥66 years were randomly selected from the Quebec Integrated Chronic Disease Surveillance System. Selected individuals were followed between fiscal years 2006–2007 and 2015–2016. Models were constructed for prediction of hip/femur and major osteoporotic fractures for follow-up periods of 5 and 10 years. A total of 62 potential predictors measurable in healthcare administrative databases were identified. Predictor selection was performed using a manual backward algorithm. The predictive performance of the final models was assessed using measures of discrimination, calibration, and overall performance. Between 20 and 25 predictors were retained in the final prediction models (eg, age, sex, social deprivation index, most of the major and minor risk factors for osteoporosis, diabetes, Parkinson's disease, cognitive impairment, anemia, anxio-depressive disorders). Discrimination of the final models was higher for the prediction of hip/femur fracture than major osteoporotic fracture and higher for prediction for a 5-year than a 10-year period (hip/femur fracture for 5 years: c-index = 0.77; major osteoporotic fracture for 5 years: c-index = 0.71; hip/femur fracture for 10 years: c-index = 0.73; major osteoporotic fracture for 10 years: c-index = 0.68). The predicted probabilities globally agreed with the observed probabilities. In conclusion, the derived models had adequate predictive performance in internal validation. As a final step, these models should be validated in an external cohort and used to develop indicators for surveillance of osteoporosis. © 2021 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research (ASBMR). ER  - 
Beyond Functional Impairment: Redefining Favorable Outcome in Patients with Subarachnoid Hemorrhage$$$ Background: For outcome assessment in patients surviving subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), the modified Rankin scale (mRS) represents the mostly established outcome tool, whereas other dimensions of outcome such as mood disorders and impairments in social life remain unattended so far. Objective: The aim of our study was to correlate 12-month functional and subjective health outcomes in SAH survivors. Methods: All SAH patients treated over a 5-year period received outcome assessment at 12 months, including functional scores (mRS and Barthel Index [BI]), subjective health measurement (EQ-5D), and whether they returned to work. Analyses - including utility-weighted mRS - were conducted to detect associations and correlations among different outcome measures, especially in patients achieving good functional outcome (i.e., mRS 0-2) at 12 months. Results: Of 351 SAH survivors, 287 (81.2%) achieved favorable functional outcome at 12 months. Contrary to the BI, the EQ-5D visual analog scale (VAS) showed a strong association with different mRS grades, accentuated in patients with favorable functional outcome. Despite favorable functional outcome, patients reported a high rate of impairments in activities (24.0%), pain (33.4%), and anxiety/depression (42.5%). Further, multivariable analysis revealed (i) impairments in activities (odds ratio [OR] [95% confidence interval {CI}]: 0.872 [0.817-0.930]), (ii) presence of depression or anxiety (OR [95% CI]: 0.836 [0.760-0.920]), and (iii) return to work (OR [95% CI]: 1.102 [0.1.013-1.198]) to be independently associated with self-reported subjective health. Conclusion: Established stroke scores mainly focusing on functional outcomes do poorly reflect the high rate of subjective impairments reported in SAH survivors, specifically in those achieving good functional outcome. Further studies are needed to investigate whether psychoeducational approaches aiming at improving coping mechanisms and perceived self-efficacy may result in higher subjective health in these patients. ER  - 
Comparing Seizure-Related Death and Suicide in Younger Adults with Epilepsy$$$ Younger adults with epilepsy have an increased mortality. Some deaths are seizure-related, for example, sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP), whereas others, for example, suicide, have multiple causes, including adverse effects of the treatment on mood. In this retrospective population-based study of all Danish persons with epilepsy aged 18 to 49 years during 2007 to 2009 we evaluated the risk of death from seizures and suicide. SUDEP comprised 82.7% of all seizure-related death. Younger adults with epilepsy had an 8.3-fold increased risk of death from seizure-related causes compared with suicide. This underpins the importance of effective seizure control in preventing premature death. ANN NEUROL 2021;90:983–987. ER  - 
ECT-induced cognitive side effects are associated with hippocampal enlargement$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is of the most effective treatments available for treatment-resistant depression, yet it is underutilized in part due to its reputation of causing cognitive side effects in a significant number of patients. Despite intensive neuroimaging research on ECT in the past two decades, the underlying neurobiological correlates of cognitive side effects remain elusive. Because the primary ECT-related cognitive deficit is memory impairment, it has been suggested that the hippocampus may play a crucial role. In the current study, we investigated 29 subjects with longitudinal MRI and detailed neuropsychological testing in two independent cohorts (N = 15/14) to test if volume changes were associated with cognitive side effects. The two cohorts underwent somewhat different ECT study protocols reflected in electrode placements and the number of treatments. We used longitudinal freesurfer algorithms (6.0) to obtain a bias-free estimate of volume changes in the hippocampus and tested its relationship with neurocognitive score changes. As an exploratory analysis and to evaluate how specific the effects were to the hippocampus, we also calculated this relationship in 41 other areas. In addition, we also analyzed cognitive data from a group of healthy volunteers (N = 29) to assess practice effects. Our results supported the hypothesis that hippocampus enlargement was associated with worse cognitive outcomes, and this result was generalizable across two independent cohorts with different diagnoses, different electrode placements, and a different number of ECT sessions. We found, in both cohorts, that treatment robustly increased the volume size of the hippocampus (Cohort 1: t = 5.07, Cohort 2: t = 4.82; p < 0.001), and the volume increase correlated with the neurocognitive T-score change. (Cohort 1: r = −0.68, p = 0.005; Cohort 2: r = −0.58; p = 0.04). Overall, our research indicates that novel treatment methods serving to avoid hippocampal volume increase may result in a better side effect profile. ER  - 
Diagnostic yield of microarrays in individuals with non-syndromic developmental delay and intellectual disability$$$ Background: Intellectual disability (ID), or developmental delay (DD) when the individual is yet under 5 years of age, is evident before 18 years of age and is characterised by significant limitations in both intellectual functioning and adaptive behaviour. ID/DD may be clinically classified as syndromic or non-syndromic. Genomic copy number variations (CNVs) constitute a well-established aetiological subgroup of ID/DD. Overall diagnostic yield of microarrays is estimated at 10–25% for ID/DD, especially higher when particular clinical features that render the condition syndromic accompany. Methods: In this study, we aimed to investigate the diagnostic yield of microarrays in the subgroup of individuals with non-syndromic ID/DD (NSID/NSDD). A total of 302 NSID/NSDD individuals who have undergone microarray analysis between October 2013 and April 2020 were included. Accompanying clinical data, including head circumference, delayed developmental areas, seizures and behavioural problems were collected and analysed separately in NSID and NSDD subgroups. Results: The diagnostic yield of microarray analyses in NSID/NSDD was determined as 10.9% in NSID (10.7%) and in NSDD (11.1%). Presence of behavioural and epileptic problems did not contribute to the diagnostic yield. However, in the presence of macrocephaly, the contribution to diagnostic yield was statistically significant particularly in NSDD group. The most common pathogenic CNVs involved chromosomes 16, 15 and X. Lastly, we propose a Xq21.32q22.1 deletion as likely pathogenic in a child with isolated language delay and accompanying seizures. Conclusions: Particularly in neurodevelopmental diseases, microarrays are useful for establishing the diagnosis and detecting novel susceptibility regions. Future studies would accurately classify the herein presented variants of uncertain significance CNVs as pathogenic or benign. ER  - 
Outcomes of patients with nonepileptic transient neurologic symptoms after subdural hematoma evacuation$$$ Background: Patients undergoing a subdural hematoma (SDH) evacuation can experience transient neurological symptoms (TNS) postoperatively. Electroencephalography (EEG) is used to rule out seizures. We aim to characterize patients with TNS and negative epileptiform activity on EEG and compare them to those with positive epileptiform EEG findings. Methods: We performed a retrospective study of adult patients who underwent EEG for evaluation of TNS after undergoing SDH evacuation. Patients were stratified based on SDH type (acute and non-acute) and whether or not their EEG demonstrated positive epileptiform activity. A multivariate analysis was performed to identify predictors of negative EEG findings. Results: One hundred twenty-nine SDH patients were included (45 (34.9%) acute; 84 (65.1%) non-acute). Overall, 45 (24 acute and 21 non-acute SDH patients) had positive epileptiform EEG findings, and 84 (21 acute and 63 non-acute SDH patients) had a negative EEG. Acute and non-acute SDH patients with positive EEG findings were more likely to suffer from greater than five episodes of TNS, impaired awareness, and motor symptoms, while the negative EEG group was more likely to suffer from negative symptoms. Non-acute SDH patients with positive EEG had longer mean ICU stays (14.6 vs. 7.2; p = 0.005). Both acute and non-acute SDH-positive EEG patients had worse disposition upon discharge (p < 0.05), worse modified Rankin score at discharge (p < 0.05), and 3-month follow-up (p < 0.05) and were more likely to be discharged on more than one antiepileptic drug (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Postoperative acute and non-acute SDH patients with TNS and negative EEG results are likely to have a favorable clinical picture. This distinction is therapeutically and prognostically important as these patients may not respond to typical antiepileptic drugs and they have better functional outcomes. ER  - 
Effect of anti-attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medication on clinical seizures and sleep EEG: A retrospective study of Japanese children with ADHD$$$ Aims: Patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often exhibit basic or paroxysmal wave abnormalities on electroencephalography (EEG). Methylphenidate (MPH), an anti-ADHD stimulant, has been reported to lower the seizure threshold. However, there have been no reports comparing EEG changes before and after administration of the central nervous system (CNS) stimulant MPH, or atomoxetine (ATX) hydrochloride, a non-CNS stimulant. In this study, we investigated changes in sleep EEG before and after the administration of ADHD treatment drugs. Method: With the approval of the ethics committee, the medical records of 28 children with ADHD (23 men and 5 women) who gave consent were retrospectively investigated. The appearance of sudden abnormal waves during a 10-minute sleep EEG recording was measured in 0.1-second units, and the duration of these waves was calculated as the paroxysmal index (PI). Results: Paroxysmal index did not differ significantly between patients who received MPH and those who received ATX. In addition, there were no exacerbations of clinical seizures. Conclusion: It was concluded that ADHD medications do not have an adverse effect on epileptic seizures or abnormal sleep EEGs. ER  - 
Association between toxic organochlorine levels in human serum and systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Organochlorines (OCs) are groups of highly toxic pesticides with known immunotoxicity. The present work aimed to study the potential association between serum residues of OCs and the risk of developing systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) as well as correlating to the clinical-laboratory manifestations in a sample of Egyptian SLE patients. A cross-sectional study was conducted on 132 patients environmentally exposed to OCs. Patients were diagnosed as SLE based on the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) revised criteria. Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index-2000 (SLEDAI-2K) score was calculated to stratify the disease severity. Blood and urine samples were collected to measure the levels of OCs, serological markers, and urinary protein. The most frequently detected OCs were p,p’-DDE; lindane; and hexachlorobenzene (HCB). The risk of developing SLE was significantly associated with detected p,p’-DDE and HCB (B value 7.704 and 14.33, respectively). Hexachlorobenzene, in addition, was significantly associated with increased SLEDAI-2K score and polycythemia. Lindane was significantly associated with hypocomplementemia, cardiac manifestations of SLE, anemia, and leucopenia. In conclusion, the detected OCs p,p’-DDE and HCB are associated with increased risk of SLE in Egyptian patients and correlates to the manifestations of disease severity. ER  - 
Antidepressant efficacy of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in antidepressant-nonresponding bipolar depression: a single-blind randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: To examine the antidepressant efficacy and response predictors of R-DLPFC-LF rTMS for antidepressant-nonresponding BD. Methods: We conducted a single-blind randomized sham-controlled trial for 54 (28 sham, 26 active) patients with antidepressant-nonresponding BD (baseline MADRS ≥ 20). Patients received 15 daily sessions of active or sham neuronavigated rTMS (Figure-of-8 coil, five 1 Hz 60 s 110% RMT trains). Outcome measures included depressive response (≥ 50% MADRS reduction, CGI ≤ 2) and remission (MADRS < 7, CGI = 1) rates, treatment emergent hypo/mania (YMRS), depressive and anxiety symptoms (HAM-A). Results: 48 patients (25 sham, 23 active) completed treatment, with 3 drop-outs each in active and sham groups. Active rTMS did not produce superior response or remission rates at endpoint or 6 or 12 weeks (ps > 0.05). There was no significant group * time interaction (ps > 0.05) in a multivariate ANOVA with MADRS, HAMA and YMRS as dependent variables. Exploratory analysis found MADRS improvement to be moderated by baseline anxiety (p = 0.02) and melancholia (p = 0.03) at week 3, and depressive onset at weeks 6 (p = 0.03) and 12 (p = 0.04). In subjects with below-mean anxiety (HAMA < 20.7, n = 24), MADRS improvement from active rTMS was superior to sham at week 3 (ITT, t = 2.49, p = 0.04, Cohen’s d = 1.05). No seizures were observed. Groups did not differ in treatment-emergent hypomania (p = 0.1). Limitations: Larger sample size might be needed to power subgroup analyses. Moderation analyses were exploratory. Single-blind design. Unblinding before follow-up assessments due to ethical reasons. Conclusions: 1-Hz 110% RMT (5 × 60 s trains) R-DLPFC-LF rTMS was not effective for antidepressant non-responding BD but may be further investigated at increased dosage and/or in BD patients with low anxiety. Trial registration CCRB Clinical Trials Registry, CUHK, CUHK_CCT00440. Registered 04 December 2014, https://www2.ccrb.cuhk.edu.hk/registry/public/279. ER  - 
Epilepsy and other seizure disorders in acute psychiatric inpatients$$$ Background: It is well known that patients with epilepsy have a high rate of psychiatric comorbidity. However, studies exploring epilepsy in psychiatric cohorts are scarce. The aim of this study was to examine the prevalence of seizure disorders in acute psychiatric inpatients. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study performed in a catchment-area based acute psychiatric department. All patients (age > 18) admitted during September 2011 - March 2012 were eligible for inclusion. Consenting patients were screened for a life-time history of epilepsy or seizures using self-reported questionnaire data and diagnostic codes for epilepsy in hospital and National registries. Patients scoring positive to one or more of these screening criteria underwent a thorough diagnostic validation (chart review), and the seizure disorders were classified as epilepsy, acute symptomatic seizures and/or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures according to current definitions. Results: A total of 380 out of 591 (64.3%) consecutively admitted patients consented to participate in the study. Eighty-nine patients (23.4%) scored positive to one or more screening criteria. Fifteen (3.9%) were classified with epilepsy, 21 (5.5%) with acute symptomatic seizures and 9 (2.4%) with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. Conclusions: This is the first study to report on the prevalence of seizure disorders in acute psychiatric inpatients. The life-time prevalence of epilepsy in this cohort of patients is five – six times as high as reports in the general population. These findings underscore the need for the clinical psychiatrist to have comprehensive knowledge on the interface between epileptology and psychiatry. Trials registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01415323. ER  - 
Pathways to mental health care in Nepal: a 14-center nationwide study$$$ Background: Pathways to care studies are feasible and tested means of finding the actual routes taken by patients before reaching proper care. In view of the predominance of nonprofessional service providers and the lack of previous large studies on pathways in Nepal, this multicenter study is needed. The aim of the study was to trace the various pathways and carers involved in mental health care; assess clinical variables such as the duration of untreated illness, clinical presentation and treatment; and compare geographically and culturally diverse landscapes. Methods: This was a cross-sectional, convenience sampling study performed at 14 centers where new cases were being taken. The World Health Organization Study of the Pathways-to-Care Schedule was applied. The Nepali version of the encounter form was used. The data were collected between 17 September and 16 October 2020 and were analyzed using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS). Additionally, perspectives from local investigators were collected and discussed. Results: Most of the first carers were native/religious faith healers (28.2%), followed by psychiatrists (26%). The median duration for the first psychiatric consultation was 3 weeks. The duration of untreated illness was 30.72 ± 80.34 (median: 4) weeks, and the time taken for this journey was 94.99 ± 274.58 (median: 30) min. The longest delay from the onset of illness to psychiatric care was for epilepsy {90.0 ± 199.0 (median: 25.5)} weeks, followed by neurotic illness {22.89 ± 73.45 (median: 2)} and psychotic illness {10.54 ± 18.28 (median: 2)} weeks. Overall, most patients with severe mental illnesses (SMIs) had their first contact with faithhealers (49%), then met with medical doctors (13%) or psychiatrists (28%). Marked differences in clinical presentation surfaced when hilly centers were compared with the Terai belt. Conclusions: Faith healers, general practitioners and hospital doctors are major carers, and the means of educating them for proper referral can be considered. The investigators see several hindrances and opportunities in the studied pathways. The employment of more mental health professionals and better mental health advocacy, public awareness programs and school education are suggested strategies to improve proper mental health care. ER  - 
Role of clinical pharmacists in epilepsy management at a general hospital in Vietnam: a before-and-after study$$$ Background: Clinical pharmacists have an important role in inter-professional healthcare collaboration for epilepsy management. However, the pharmacy practices of managing epilepsy are still limited in Vietnam, deterring pharmacists from routine adjustments of antiepileptic drugs, which could decrease the patients’ quality of life. This study aimed to assess the effectiveness of pharmacist interventions in epilepsy treatment at a Vietnamese general hospital. Methods: A before-and-after study was conducted from January 2016 to December 2018. All patients with a diagnosis of epilepsy and being treated at the investigated hospital were recruited and screened for eligibility and exclusion criteria. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients in good control of their epilepsy (with two seizures or less in a year). The secondary outcome was the number of patients maintaining optimized concentrations within the therapeutic range of carbamazepine (4–12 mg/L), phenytoin (10–20 mg/L), or valproic acid (50–100 mg/L). Collected data were analyzed using two proportions Z-test or Chi-square test. Results: A total of 141 participants were enrolled in the study. While most patients were given lower prescribed daily doses than the recommendations from the World Health Organization, over 56% of the participants still experienced adverse drug effects. More than half of the patients received at least one pharmacists’ intervention, which increased by 25.0% the effectiveness of the therapy (p < 0.001) and by 14.6% the number of patients with optimized drug concentrations (p = 0.018). Conclusion: Epilepsy management requires a multiple-stepped and comprehensive approach, with a focus on the health and safety of the patients. As part of the healthcare team, pharmacists need to engage at every stage to monitor the patient’s response and determine the most effective treatment with the fewest adverse drug reactions. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04967326. Registered July 19, 2021—Retrospectively registered, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04967326. ER  - 
Urban RCT participants were healthier than non-participants or rural women$$$ Objective: To investigate sociodemographic characteristics and physical and mental health indicators between participants and nonparticipants of a large-scale 2-year exercise RCT including noninvited women living in nearby rural area in Finland. Study Design and Setting: From a previous OSTPRE study cohort, 914 women (aged 72–84) participated in Kuopio Fall Prevention Study in 2016–2019. The participants were compared to non-participants (n = 4,536) and noninvited OSTPRE women (n = 7,119) living outside the urban recruitment area. Results: Participants were younger (P< 0.001) with higher education (P< 0.001) and had more often regular hobbies (P< 0.001) and physical exercising (P< 0.001) than nonparticipants or noninvited. They reported better functional capability (P< 0.001), mental (P< 0.001) and subjective health (P< 0.001), lower number of medications (P< 0.001), less fear of falls (P< 0.001), but more frequent falls (P= 0.002) and more often musculoskeletal diseases (P= 0.006). Participants also showed better functional capacity in the clinical measurements. In register analysis, urban-rural differences in the prevalence of diseases were detected. Conclusion: In population-based exercise interventions, participants are more likely to be better off in respect to physical and mental wellbeing, functional capability and sociodemographic status. Recruiting participants only from cities increases unavoidable selection bias due to urban-rural differences which should be noticed when interpreting and generalizing RCT results. Trial registration number: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT02665169. ER  - 
Down syndrome survey in south indian populationunderstanding inheritance, perceptions, interventions and diagnosis$$$ Down syndrome (DS) has been prevalent worldwide, for centuries now. Despite the fact that tremendous research has been done on DS ever since the early 1950s, most results obtained, are on the basis of etiological and demographic factors and predominantly of the western data. Every year in India, >30,000 children are born with DS. This survey has been done keeping the Indian population in mind and to analyze the outlook of parents having children with DS, understand the comorbidities and their management. The study was conceptualized to create an exhaustive and comprehensive questionnaire to study the pattern of inheritance of Trisomy 21, analyze influence and correlation of advanced maternal age, sex ratio, order of birth, hypothyroidism, common comorbidities, abortions, Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and sleeping difficulties in individuals diagnosed with DS. 50 family triads were interviewed. The results showed that incidence of DS was more in males compared to females. The analysis revealed that mean maternal age of 25-28 years showed increased incidence of DS. 2.5 percent showed severe ID and 27.5 percent had severe ADHD symptoms, while 10-13 percent showed mild to moderate ADHD. The most and least prevalent comorbidity seen was the presence of heart disease (45%) and hearing impairment (10%) respectively. It was found that about 40 percent of parents strongly agreed to the idea that Genetic Counseling (GC) is helpful and wanted to reinforce it to others who find it difficult to cope up with their DS child. ER  - 
Does a psychiatric history play a role in the development of psychiatric adverse events to perampanel… and to placebo?$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to establish whether a past psychiatric history could play a role in the development of psychiatric treatment-emergent adverse events (PTEAEs) in patients randomized to perampanel (PER) or placebo. Methods: The development of PTEAEs was compared between patients with/without a psychiatric history in a post hoc analysis from four randomized placebo-controlled trials (RPCTs) of PER (304/305/306/335) in patients with treatment-resistant focal epilepsy. Results: Among the 2,187 patients enrolled in the RPCTs, 352 (16.1%) had a psychiatric history (PER n = 244; placebo n = 108), while 1835 patients (83.9%) did not (PER n = 1325; placebo n = 510). Compared to patients without a psychiatric history, those with a positive history reported more PTEAEs for both patients randomized to PER (11.8% vs. 29.9%, p < 0.01) or to placebo (9.2% vs. 19.4%, p < 0.01). The prevalence of PTEAEs was not higher among patients randomized to 2 mg and 4 mg/day doses than placebo in both those with and without psychiatric history. Rather, the higher prevalence rates were among subjects randomized to 8 mg (29.8%) and 12 mg (36.4%) PER doses in patients with a past psychiatric history. Significance: A psychiatric history appears to increase the risk of PTEAEs in patients randomized to placebo and to PER at doses of 8 and 12 mg/day. It should be identified in all patients considered for treatment with PER, particularly when prescribed at doses above 4 mg/day. ER  - 
Omega-3 supplementation in children with ADHD and intractable epilepsy$$$ Background: Omega-3 may have a role in the treatment of drug- resistant epilepsy. Objectives: To evaluate omega-3 supplementation in seizure control in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and intractable epilepsy. Patients and Methods: Sixty children with ADHD and intractable epilepsy were enrolled. They were randomly assigned in a double-blind fashion in a 1:1 ratio into the omega-3 supplementation group or the placebo group in addition to risperidone and antiepileptic drugs. All patients were assessed for the frequency and severity of the epileptic attacks at baseline, monthly, and at 6 months from the beginning of the study; 30 children received omega-3 and the other 30 children received placebo. Results: At baseline, the median number of seizures per month was 5 in both groups. After one month, this median decreased to 3 and became 2 after two months of supplementation with omega-3 in the supplementation group while it remained 5 in the control group. After 3 months and till the end of the study, this median decreased to 0 while it remained 5 in the control group throughout the study period. Children who were supplemented with omega-3 showed a significant decrease in the monthly frequency of seizure attacks after six months of supplementation compared to the baseline before supplementation (P < 0.05) There was no significant decrease in the severity of the seizures attacks among our patients with omega-3 supplementation (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Omega 3 may help in achieving good seizure control in children with ADHD and intractable epilepsy. ER  - 
Prevalence and associated risk factors of undiagnosed depression amongst people with epilepsy in a multiethnic society$$$ Background: Depression, being the most frequent psychiatric comorbidity, has always been closely linked with epilepsy. However, there is a lack of screening for depressive symptoms resulting in failure to detect depression among people with epilepsy (PWE). While many studies have described the risks associated with depression in epilepsy, very few have elaborated whether these risks are similar for undiagnosed depression, especially in a multiethnic community. Methods: We aim to investigate the prevalence and associated risk factors of undiagnosed depression in PWE through a cross-sectional study at a tertiary teaching hospital. Epilepsy patients aged between 18 and 65 years old were recruited after excluding those with background illnesses, which may contribute to depressive symptoms. A total of 129 participants were recruited. We collated their demographic and clinical details before interviewing them using two questionnaires; the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) and Beck's Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II). Subsequently, if a participant is screened positive for depression, the diagnosis is confirmed using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) questionnaire and a psychiatric clinic referral is offered. Results: Among the 129 participants, 9.3 % had undiagnosed major depressive disorder (MDD), which had a female preponderance (66.7 %). Risk factors of undiagnosed depression among PWE include low socioeconomic backgrounds (p = 0.026), generalized epilepsy (p = 0.036) and temporal lobe epilepsy (p = 0.010). Otherwise, while some variables such as being underweight and unmarried may be seen in a higher proportion in those who were depressed; we did not find a statistically significant relationship among them. Conclusion: The prevalence of undiagnosed depression among PWE is higher when compared to population-based studies carried out in Western countries. While questionnaires to screen for depression are widely available, their infrequent use would lead to failure in identifying patients who may benefit from psychosocial support and treatment, which would subsequently improve their disease outcomes and quality of life. This study recommends the use of screening questionnaires to identify undiagnosed depression in PWE. ER  - 
The impact of social factors, especially psychological worries on anxiety and depression in patients with epilepsy$$$ Background: Social factors are believed to affect mental health in patients with epilepsy (PWE). However, there is still a lack of sufficient manifest proof, given the difficulty of exposing PWE to relatively consistent natural social environments with a low or high level of social interaction to study their significant role. Methods: This single-center, longitudinal study was conducted via online questionnaires during the coronavirus disease 2019. PWE were recruited from downtown Wuhan and surrounding areas. The Patient Health Questionnaire-9 and Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 were used to assess psychological status. Results: We analyzed 588 questionnaires completed by 294 PWE who participated in the dual survey. Under lockdown and reopening, the prevalence of anxiety was 13.6%/22.5%, and the prevalence of depression was 19.4%/34.0%. Raising children and seizure-related characteristics, including uncontrolled seizures, seizure exacerbation, seizure frequency ≥ 2/m, and changes in drug regimen, were risk factors in the first and second surveys. A high education level (OR = 1.946, 95% CI = 1.191–3.182), low life satisfaction (OR = 1.940, 95% CI = 1.007–3.737), worry about unanticipated seizures (OR = 2.147, 95% CI = 1.049–4.309), and worry about purchasing medication outside (OR = 2.063, 95% CI = 1.060–4.016) were risk factors for higher scores after reopening. Worry about unanticipated seizures (OR = 3.012, 95% CI = 1.302–6.965) and in-person medical consultation (OR = 2.319, 95% CI = 1.262–4.261) were related to newly diagnosed patients with psychological disorder after reopening. Conclusions: We identified an association between social variables and epileptic psychiatric comorbidities. ER  - 
Conceptualization and implementation of an interdisciplinary clinic for children with drug-resistant epilepsy during the COVID-19 pandemic$$$ Objective: To describe the rapid conceptualization and implementation of an interdisciplinary epilepsy clinic for children with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) at Arkansas Children's Hospital (ACH) during the COVID 19 pandemic. Methods: Focusing on care design and care coordination for children with DRE, multiple stakeholder groups decided to implement a clinic after the systematic rating of constructs present in a theoretical meta-analytic framework. Based on the projected success, the new interdisciplinary clinic (composed of an epileptologist, a neurosurgeon, and a neuropsychologist and coordinated by a full-time nurse) was established. Clinic operations were further refined through discussions with patients, families, and care providers. We collected data retrospectively (August 2020 to June 2021) to determine referral patterns, clinic scheduling metrics, patient characteristics, clinical recommendations, and epilepsy quality metrics. Results: Of the 32 Consolidated Framework for Implementation Research constructs assessed, 24 were positively rated to predict a high probability of successful implementation of the clinic. For approximately 100 patient visits, appearance and usage rates were >75%, yielding a clinic utilization rate of approximately 60%. Among 76 unique patients (average age of 12 years, 60% focal epilepsy), 39 patients (51.3%) were deemed eligible for epilepsy surgery evaluation. The majority of the patients (53.9%) were advised for additional diagnostic testing, and 31.6% of patients were scheduled for vagus nerve stimulation. More patients (33%) had changes in their existing anti-seizure medication (ASM) regimen rather than an addition of a new ASM (7.9%). Standardized epilepsy quality measures showed >80% to 90% adherence in 3 (reproductive counseling, depression and anxiety screening, documentation of seizure frequency) out of 4 metrics. Significance: This is the first study to show that an interdisciplinary clinic can be a valuable attribute of care models in high-need children with DRE by enabling comprehensive one-stop service for diagnostic evaluation, surgical consideration, and brief assessment of psychiatric comorbidities without compromising consensus-based best practices. ER  - 
Long-term efficacy and safety of perampanel as a first add-on therapy in patients with focal epilepsy: Three-year extension study$$$ Purpose: We investigated the long-term efficacy and safety of perampanel as a first add-on therapy in patients with focal epilepsy. Methods: This retrospective study represented the 3-year extension phase of a multicenter, open-label, phase 4, prospective study of perampanel as a first add-on therapy in patients with focal epilepsy. Seizure and safety outcomes were assessed annually from the start of the extension study, and the retention rate was calculated from the start of perampanel exposure in the original study. Results: The 50% responder and seizure freedom rates were 84.8% and 58.7%, respectively, during the third year and 71.7% and 32.6%, respectively, during the entire 3-year period of the extension study. The 1-, 2-, and 3-year retention rates were 62.5%, 53.1%, and 52.1%, respectively. Efficacies were higher in patients that were aged >55 years, male, and receiving ≤4 mg of perampanel. Perampanel was generally well tolerated; 47.3% of patients experienced at least one adverse event during the 3 years of extension (46 adverse events (AEs) in 35 patients). The most common AEs were dizziness (33.8%), somnolence (5.4%), anger (4.1%), and irritability (4.1%). AEs were resolved with perampanel dose reduction or discontinuation in 10 (13.5%) and 12 (16.2%) patients, respectively. Conclusion: Long-term treatment with perampanel as a first add-on therapy did not raise new safety signals in patients with focal epilepsy. Especially at low perampanel doses (≤4 mg/day), sustained improvement in seizure control was achieved, which could potentially avoid adverse drug reactions. ER  - 
Sexual function in women of fertile age with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To evaluate Sexual Function Scores in women of childbearing age with epilepsy. Method: Cross-sectional study and comparison of two groups, one with and the other without epilepsy. The instruments used were: semi-structured socioeconomic, demographic and clinical questionnaire; Beck Anxiety and Depression Inventories; Word Health Organization Quality of Life (WHOQOL-brief); Female Sexual Function Index (FSFI); and Female Genital Self Image Scale (FGSIS). Statistical analysis was performed using Fisher's Exact Test, Chi-Square, Mann–Whitney, and Spearman's Correlation, considering p < 0.05 as a measure of significance. Results: 110 women were included (55 with epilepsy and 55 without epilepsy) with a mean age of 32 years. Both groups had sexual dysfunction (with epilepsy: 19.28 vs. without epilepsy: 21.05; p = 0.416). There was no significant difference between groups in the analysis of self-image of the genitalia, Quality of Life, or Anxiety. However, there was a statistical difference in Depression Symptoms (with epilepsy: 11.44 vs. without epilepsy:13.82, p = 0.038). When evaluating the influence of epilepsy on sexual function score, women who used enzyme-inducing drugs had worse scores in desire domain (5.21 vs. 6.65; p = 0.020) and lubrication domain (9.48 vs. 12.95; p = 0.047) when compared to women who used non-enzyme-inducing drugs, respectively. In the correlation of Sexual Function with Anxiety, Depression, Quality of Life, and Self-Image of the genitalia, it was observed that when Depression levels increase, desire is impaired [-0.273(p = 0.043)]. In Quality of Life, the psychological [0.311(p = 0.021)] and environmental [0.268(p = 0.048)] domains positively influenced desire. The social relationships domain improved desire [0.504(p = 0.000)], excitement [0.461(p = 0.000)], lubrication [0.342(p = 0.011)], orgasm [0.425(p = 0.001)], satisfaction [0.449(p = 0.001)], and decreased pain [0.402(p = 0.002)]. Consequently, these influence appeared to improve sexual function [0.521(p = 0.000)]. Conclusion: Women of childbearing age with epilepsy have sexual dysfunction. The presence of signs of depression and the use of enzyme-inducing drugs must be carefully analyzed, as they can worsen the sexual function score. Health professionals need to be aware that sexual dysfunction must be investigated because this issue influences the quality of life of these women. ER  - 
Assessing the hidden burden of psychiatric disease in patients with nonepileptic seizures$$$ Nonepileptic seizures are commonly associated with psychiatric comorbidities, and specifically PTSD. Despite increased prevalence of psychiatric disease noted on referral of patients to our dedicated clinic for nonepileptic seizures, we found even higher rates of comorbid psychiatric disease or significant symptomatology after our initial clinic intakes, whereby patients are formally evaluated by a behavioral health provider, in addition to an epileptologist. After intake, an additional 21% of patients were identified as having PTSD or significant trauma-related symptoms, an additional 7% of patients were identified with significant anxiety or panic-related symptoms, and an additional 11% of patients were identified with significant depressive symptoms. While highly effective treatment of nonepileptic seizures remains elusive, well-developed treatment paradigms with proven efficacy exist for depression, anxiety, and PTSD. Eliciting these psychiatric comorbidities and pursuing targeted treatments, especially for those patients that do not have easy access to providers with dedicated expertise in the management of nonepileptic seizures, may be a more easily scalable and implementable treatment modality for these patients. ER  - 
Depression and suicidality among Hispanics with epilepsy: Findings from the Managing Epilepsy Well (MEW) Network integrated database$$$ Objective: Although psychiatric disorders are more common among people with epilepsy, depression and suicidal ideation among Hispanics with epilepsy remain understudied. We examined the prevalence and correlates of depression and suicidal ideation among Hispanic adults with epilepsy who participated in self-management studies in the Managing Epilepsy Well Network. Methods: This cross-sectional analysis of pooled data from ten studies used the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 or Neurological Disease Depression Inventory-Epilepsy to examine the prevalence of elevated depressive symptoms (PHQ ≥ 10, NDDI-E ≥ 15) and suicidal ideation (PHQ-9 item 9 ≥ 1, NDDI-E item 4 ≥ 2). Multilevel mixed-effects logistic regression models examined associations between ethnicity, elevated depressive symptoms, and suicidal ideation among PWE. Secondary analyses examined correlates of elevated depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation among Hispanic PWE. Results: Of 559 participants, 49.6% (n = 277) were Hispanic. Elevated depressive symptoms were endorsed by 38.1% (n = 213) of all participants (32.5% of Hispanics); suicidal ideation was endorsed by 18.4% (n = 103) of all participants (16.3% of Hispanics). After adjustment for sociodemographic and health attributes, Hispanic PWE had a 44% lower prevalence of elevated depressive symptoms (OR = 0.56, CI 0.37–0.84, p = 0.0056) compared to non-Hispanics but similar rates of suicidal ideation (OR = 0.84, CI 0.45–1.58, p = 0.59). Acculturation measures were available for 256 (92.4%) of Hispanic PWE: language preference was Spanish for 62.9%, 46.1% were foreign-born. Spanish-speaking Hispanics were less likely than English-speaking Hispanics to report elevated depressive symptoms (OR = 0.43, CI 0.19–0.97, p = 0.041); however, Hispanics who reported fair or poor health status had a four-fold higher depression prevalence compared to those who reported excellent or very good health status [reference group] (OR = 4.44, CI 1.50–13.18, p = 0.0071). Of the Hispanics who provided prior 30-day seizure data, ≥1 monthly seizure was independently associated with higher depression prevalence (OR = 3.11, CI 1.29–7.45, p = 0.01). Being foreign-born was not associated with elevated depressive symptoms or suicidal ideation prevalence. Conclusions: In a large, geographically diverse sample of PWE, elevated depressive symptoms were significantly lower in Hispanics compared to non-Hispanics. Spanish language preference was associated with a lower prevalence of elevated depressive symptoms among Hispanic PWE. Future studies should include acculturation data to better screen for depression and suicidal ideation risk and optimize interventions for Hispanic PWE. ER  - 
Prevalence of recreational substance use in patients presenting with seizures to a tertiary care hospital$$$ Rationale: Recreational substance use (RSU) has been associated with seizure. There is limited knowledge on prevalence of seizures in patients with concomitant RSU in U.S. Thus, we aimed to investigate the prevalence of concomitant RSU in patients with seizures at a university based tertiary healthcare system. Methods: We conducted a retrospective observational study from 01/01/2013 to 02/28/2021. Data from patient cohort explorer (a de-identified database) were used to select patients with seizure and a positive drug test (either urine or serum) obtained during the same encounter. The prevalence of RSU for individual substance was reported as percentage of number of encounters. Results: There were 226,613 encounters with seizure(s) for a total of 40,459 subjects. Of the total, 5787 (2.5%) encounters with 4,342 subjects concomitantly tested positive for RSU. Mean age was 40.1 (±16.9) years, 58.4% were males, 59.1% were African Americans, and 38.3% were Caucasians. Gender and race of subjects with concomitant RSU for individual drug class was studied for all age groups and for subjects older than 16 years. Conclusions: Overall, the most common concomitantly positively tested RSU during seizure encounters was cannabinoid (40.7%) followed by benzodiazepine (38.7%). There was a higher proportion of males’ encounters with concomitant seizure and RSU regardless of type of drug class. Amphetamine use was more common in Caucasians, while the remaining studied RSU were more common in African Americans. Similar trends were seen in the subgroup of subjects older than 16 years. ER  - 
Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9): A depression screening tool for people with epilepsy in Vietnam$$$ Background: Depression is a common mental disorder in people with epilepsy. Depression has a negative impact on medical and surgical treatment of epilepsy thus affecting the quality of life. Despite its high prevalence, depression has been under-recognized and treated improperly. It may also lead to missed work, increased healthcare system utilization, and higher direct medical costs. Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate the accuracy of the Vietnamese Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) as a screening tool for depression in people with epilepsy. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted prospectively at epilepsy clinic at Nguyen Tri Phuong hospital, Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam from December 2019 to March 2020. A total of 91 adult people with epilepsy were recruited. After completing the Vietnamese PHQ-9 questionnaires, each participant was interviewed in a structured clinical interview for DSM-5 (SCID-5) to establish a diagnosis of major depressive disorder. The diagnostic accuracy of the PHQ-9 was assessed using diagnostic efficiency statistics compared with the gold standard structured interview. Results: The prevalence of major depression in this sample was 25.3%. The areas under receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve index of PHQ-9 had an estimated value of 0.91. The PHQ-9 at a cutoff point of 8 had the great overall balance of sensitivity (87.0%) and specificity (82.4%). At the cutoff point of 10, PHQ-9 had a higher specificity of 94.1%, but a lower sensitivity of 78.0%. Conclusions: The Vietnamese version PHQ-9 is an efficient and valid screening tool for depression in people with epilepsy in clinic settings. ER  - 
Antiseizure medication for brain metastasis-related epilepsy: Findings of optimal choice from a retrospective cohort$$$ Objective: To analyze the prevalence of antiseizure medication (ASM) in patients with brain metastasis-related epilepsy (BMRE) treated with radiosurgery and the relationship between ASM and psychiatric comorbidity. Material and methods: This is a cross-sectional observational design study with retrospective review of medical records of all patients with brain metastases treated with volumetric modulated arc therapy radiosurgery (VMAT-RS) between 2012 and 2018 in a tertiary oncology center. We included those patients with BMRE, analyzing the clinical and demographic data, with special attention to psychiatric comorbidities and the use of ASM. Results: Of the 121 patients with brain metastases included for treatment with VMAT-RS, a total of 38 presented BMRE. The most widely used ASM as first-line treatment was levetiracetam (89%). Only 8% of the patients received sodium channel blockers. The most common psychiatric comorbidity was depression (42.1%). Conclusions: Levetiracetam is the most widely used ASM in patients with BMRE treated with VMAT-RS. Nevertheless, common psychiatric comorbidities in this population might change the decision-making of ASM choice. ER  - 
Prevalence of medically compromised children among dental patients: A 10-year retrospective study$$$ Aim: Medical conditions can affect oral health status as well as directly affecting dental treatment planning and patient management. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the prevalence of various medical conditions of those children in a community-based dental hospital. Materials and Methods: In this study, the anamnesis forms of 30,161 children aged 0-15 who were referred to a university dental hospital from a defined geographical area in southeastern Turkey between 2010 and 2020 were evaluated. Patients who had a medical risk and chronic/ systemic/genetic diseases were included in this study. Those medical records for acute conditions, cooperation problems and isolated tooth anomalies not associated with any syndrome or genetic disease were excluded from this study. Results: 1,619 (5.36%) of the patients included in the study had at least one systemic disease. According to the medical conditions which were examined and categorized, the most common disease group was neurological disorders (17.1%) and the most common disease was epilepsy (11.7%). It was followed by Congenital/chromosomal malformations (14.8%), while autism was the most common in this group with a rate of 36.7%. Conclusion: Obtaining a detailed medical history of every patient who is referred to the dental clinic is very significant in terms of treatment planning, non-routine required protocols and complications. Dentists and pediatricians should evaluate more frequently and more rigidly, using a multidisciplinary approach, children with systemic diseases whose oral and dental health is at greater risk as a result of their medical condition. ER  - 
Prevalence and clinical characteristics of unintentional ingestion of marijuana in children younger than 6 years in states with and without legalized marijuana laws$$$ Objective: The aimof this studywas to examine the relationship between state marijuana legalization and the rates of unintentional ingestions of marijuana in children younger than 6 years. Methods: This was a retrospective review of all marijuana ingestions in the National Poison Data System in children younger than 6 years between January 1, 2000, and July 31, 2017. Data analysis from NPDS included, age, sex, state and year of occurrence, clinical effects, therapies, health care facility utilization, and medical outcome. Population of children younger than 6 years was obtained from the US Census Bureau. Public records search provided state legal status of marijuana and year of state marijuana legalization. Results: From 2000 through 2008, there was no significant change in the annual number or rate of ingestions of marijuana in children younger than 6 years across the United States. Following 2009, there was mean annual increase of 27% per year, rising to 742 ingestions per year or 2.98 ingestions per 100,000 population, respectively, in 2017. More than 70% of all cases occurred in states with legalized marijuana. Of all pediatric patients, 54.6% received some form of hospital-based care, of which 7.5% required critical care. Pediatric patients experienced awide range of symptoms from drowsiness and confusion, to seizures and coma. Medical treatments ranged from hydration therapy to sedation and intubation. Poison centers safely managed 23.4% of these pediatric cases by phone, without the need for hospital evaluation. Conclusion: There was a strong association between the legalization of marijuana and ingestions of marijuana by children younger than 6 years. ER  - 
P.0723 Correlation between static and dynamic impedance in bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy and further identification of influential factors$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered the most effective treatment in psychiatry, with particular efficacy in the major psychoses (depression, mania, schizophrenia, catatonia). Stimulation parameters have been continuously improved to increase efficacy and reduce side effects. However, specifics and influences on certain stimulation parameter configurations as well as pre-stimulation preparations are still not fully understood. One of these factors is the impedance, which is measured using a test current prior to stimulation. This initial “static impedance” represents a cumulative approximation of patient properties such as skin and eventually skull and brain as well as properties of the preparation of the skin and adhesion of the stimulation electrodes. During the actual stimulation with the brief alternating pulses (“double dose setting” of the Thymatron ® IV), the so-called “dynamic impedance” is measured during the stimulation. As the charge applied during stimulation is being linked to cognitive side effects, therapists aim at using the lowest possible charge required to evoke a “sufficient” seizure, characterized by factors such as optimal duration, high amplitude and interhemispheric coherence and the postictal suppression index. Therefore, preparation of the skin to keep impedance low is important (other assumed factors such as skull thickness, and other aspects from subcutis to brain cannot be influenced by the therapist). However, the exact relationship between static and dynamic impedance and the influence of other factors has not been studied extensively. Therefore, we retrospectively collected a relatively large dataset from a single centre with longstanding standardized procedures in ECT application, skin preparation and anaesthesia to investigate the relationship between static impedance (which can be measured before stimulation) and dynamic impedance (which is relevant during the actual stimulation). Overall 963 ECT treatments, conducted between May 2012 and March 2020 in 78 randomly selected patients, were included in the analysis. Treatment was performed using a Thymatron® IV-System with bifrontal electrode positioning using Thymapad® electrodes. The seizure was characterized using the usual quality measurements based on EEG recordings as provided by the Thymatron® system, but not EMG. Anaesthesia was done using mostly Disoprivane, often complemented with Remifentanyl. In certain cases, Etomidate was used. Caffeine (200 mg) was used on a case-by-case basis to increase the duration of the seizure. Stimulation intensity at the start of a treatment series was estimated using an age-based method. Statistical analysis was done using linear mixed models to identify significant factors influencing the relationship between static and dynamic impedance. Static impedance was the strongest predictor of dynamic impedance and highly correlated (Spearman Rho = 0.76). Higher age and female sex increased dynamic impedance. Disoprivane as compared to etomidate as anaesthetic had a weak but significant dose-dependent effect on dynamic impedance. Dynamic impedance was not associated with the duration of the resulting seizure, but only with the amplitude and power of the seizure. In summary, these data point to the relevance of a good preparation of the skin prior to the stimulation to keep the static impedance as low as possible to induce a seizure. No conflict of interest ER  - 
P.0272 Use of aripiprazole in muscular spinal atrophy$$$ Introduction: Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) is an inherited neuromuscular disease characterized by the involvement of the cells of the anterior horn of the spinal cord (motor neurons). The clinical manifestation is symmetric proximal weakness and progressive atrophy of the muscle groups. It is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by the alteration (absence or mutation) of the Survival Motor Neuron 1 (SMN1) gene, located in chromosomal region 5q13. The AME locus is duplicated and in the most centromeric part of this locus there is a homologous gene known as Survival Motor Neuron 2 (SMN2). While the SMN1 gene is always altered in patients and is considered the determinant of the disease, the SMN2 gene is always present in a number of 1 to 5 copies in those affected. The case of our patient presents with severe refractory epilepsy. Aims of the study: Expose the usefulness of aripiprazole for the control of behavior and improvement in mood in patients with movement pathology Methods: A case report from psychiatric consulting is presented through a retrospective review of the clinical history. A comment and reflection on the use of aripiprazole in patients with mood and behavioral disturbances in severe neurological pathology, such as our patient, is added to the conclusions section. Results: 18-year-old woman with behavioral disorders and affective pathology in the context of spinal muscular atrophy and refractory epilepsy. At the initial moment of follow-up, the patient had frequent crises of irritability and anger, “she gets angry about everything”. Rigid and inflexible on a cognitive and behavioral level, being difficult to get her to dress, to remove her clothes, "she always wants everything to be done the same way."Several treatments are tried without success until aripiprazole is prescribed in increasing doses, producing a significant improvement in behavior and mood. Conclusions: We can affirm that our patient has experienced a marked improvement in mood and behavior with the change of treatment to aripiprazole. The case of our patients is of high clinical complexity since, in addition to the mood and behavior alterations, the patient has severe epilepsy that, in addition to having an impact on the above, significantly conditions the psychopharmacological treatment that we can use. The predominance of rigid thinking and frequent clastic seizures guide us towards the use of high-dose antidepressants in combination with antipsychotics, but the three antidepressants used decompensated the epilepsy by escalating doses. The first antipsychotic used, risperidone, was effective but also increased the frequency of seizures. For this reason, the use of aripiprazole is considered. On the one hand, by acting on the D2 receptor and 5HT1A, it offers control over irritability and clastic crises. On the other, the action on 5HT1A also adds anxiolytic and antidepressant effect. The rest of the receptor profile of aripiprazole does not provide us with significant negative effects, such as worsening of epilepsy since it is a partial agostium of D2. [1] No conflict of interest ER  - 
P.0643 Anticonvulsant and antipsychotic medications in the pharmacotherapy of panic disorder: an updated review$$$ BACKGROUND: As the remission rate of panic disorder (PD) achieved with conventional pharmacotherapy ranges between 20-50%, alternative psychopharmacological strategies are needed. We aimed to firstly review data regarding use of antipsychotic and non-benzodiazepine anticonvulsant medication in PD patients with or without comorbidities; secondly, to review data concerning reduction of panic symptoms during treatment of another psychiatric disorder with the same medications; and thirdly, to examine reports of anticonvulsant- or antipsychotic-induced new-onset panic symptomatology. METHOD: We performed a PUBMED-search (last day: April 28, 2020) of only English-language studies, combining psychopathological terms (“panic disorder”, OR “agoraphobia”, OR “panic disorder”-AND-“agoraphobia”, OR “panic attacks”, OR “panic”) and terms referring either to categories of psychotropic medications ([“anticonvulsants” OR, “antiepileptics”] or [“antipsychotics”, OR “neuroleptics” OR “second-generation antipsychotics”]) or to specific drugs ([“carbamazepine”, OR “gabapentin”, OR “lamotrigine”, OR “levetiracetam”, OR “phenobarbital”, OR “phenytoin”, OR “pregabalin”, OR “tiagabine”, OR “topiramate”, OR “valproate”, OR “vigabatrin”] or [“amisulpride”, OR, “aripiprazole”, OR “clozapine”, OR “haloperidol”, OR “olanzapine”, OR “risperidone”, OR “sulpiride”, OR “trifluoperazine”, OR “ziprasidone”]. The following inclusion and exclusion criteria had to be met so that a study report or a letter was included in the present review: Inclusion criteria: (1) the report must have been published only in a scientific journal with a peer-review process; (2) the diagnostic procedures, pharmacotherapy and clinical follow-up were all conducted by psychiatrists; (3) the diagnosis was based on criteria from standard, broadly accepted international diagnostic systems (DSM, ICD). Exclusion criteria: (1) the study sample included patients with comorbid major somatic diseases, including epilepsy; (2) the study's sample included patients with comorbid alcoholism and/or other substance abuse disorders, except smoking; (3) presence of ethical issues. All duplications were eliminated. We used the following internationally used criteria concerning levels of evidence: level 1= meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs); level 2= at least one RCT; level 3= uncontrolled trial with ≥10 subjects; and level 4= anecdotal case reports. RESULTS: In treatment-resistant PD, beneficial effects have been reported after treatment (mostly augmentation therapy) with a range of anticonvulsant (carbamazepine, gabapentin, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, oxcarbamazepine, valproate, vigabatrin, tiagabine) and antipsychotic (aripiprazole, olanzapine, risperidone, sulpiride) medications: overall, most medications appear generally well tolerated. Additionally, bipolar patients receiving valproate or quetiapine-XR (but not risperidone or ziprasidone) demonstrated reductions of comorbid panic-related symptoms. There are case reports of new-onset panic symptoms associated with clozapine, haloperidol, olanzapine and topiramate, in patients with conditions other than PD. The small-to-modest sample size, the lack of control groups and the open-label and short-term nature of most of the reviewed studies hinder definitive conclusions regarding either the short-term and long-term efficacy of antipsychotic and anticonvulsant medications or their potential long-term side effects. No conflict of interest CONCLUSIONS: Some atypical antipsychotic and anticonvulsant medications may have a role in the treatment of some PD patients, mostly when more conventional approaches have not been successful, but the quality of supporting evidence is limited [1]. ER  - 
P.0048 Prevalence of co-morbidities in autistic children and adolescents in five european countries and the united states: a systematic literature review$$$ Objective: Individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) often present somatic and/or psychiatric co-morbid disorders that further complicate diagnosis. The DSM-5 allows for consideration of additional diagnoses besides ASD and may have impacted the prevalence of co-morbidities as well as potentially limiting the capturing of the true differences in prevalence observed between males and females. We aimed at describing the prevalence of frequently observed co-morbidities in children and adolescents (< 18 years) in the United States and five European countries (France, United Kingdom, Germany, Italy and Spain) and to look at how age and gender were linked to the prevalence estimates of ASD and its co-morbidities. Methods: A systematic literature review was conducted in PubMed and Embase for the period 2014-2019. We focused on nine co-morbidities of interest selected by clinical experts based on their frequency and/or severity in pediatric ASD: ADHD, anxiety, depressive disorders, epilepsy, intellectual disability (ID), sleep disorders, sight/hearing impairment/loss and gastro-intestinal problems (GI). Results: A total of 6,094 studies were identified. After reviewing titles and abstracts, 827 full text articles were reviewed for relevance and 30 met the inclusion criteria. Additionally, 3 studies from the grey literature were added. Of the final 33 studies included, 26 (79%) were conducted in the United States while seven were conducted in Europe (France [n= 2], Italy [n=2], United Kingdom [n=3]). Studies were heterogeneous in terms of study design and method to estimate prevalence. The number of studies per co-morbidity was as follows: ADHD (n=17), anxiety (n=13), depressive disorders (n=12), epilepsy/seizure (n=12), GI syndromes (n=7), hearing impairment (n=3), ID (n=13), sleep disorder (n=7) and vision impairment (n=3). Studies were heterogeneous in terms of study design, with a mix of cohort studies (n=23), cross sectional studies (n=4) and case-control studies (n=6). Substantial heterogeneity in prevalence was observed for all co-morbidities. Gender appears to represent a risk factor for co-morbid ADHD (higher prevalence in males) and epilepsy/seizure (higher prevalence in females) while age is also associated with ADHD and anxiety (increasing until adolescence). Conclusion: We provide a descriptive review of co-morbidities in ASD. Most studies included in our review were conducted in US settings and little evidence was found in Europe. These insights can be valuable for clinicians as well as parents/guardians of children with ASD. Despite substantial heterogeneity in estimates, co-morbidities are highly prevalent in ASD, possibly explained by differences in study designs, age groups and broad definitions for a co-morbidity and should be kept under consideration when diagnosing and managing individuals with ASD. Co-morbidities should be re-assessed regularly as evidence suggests that prevalence evolves over time, especially during transition ages such as entry to school or adolescence. Also, co-morbidities bring additional heterogeneity to the presentation of ASD, which further advocates for personalised and tailored approaches to treatment and support. Having a clear understanding of the prevalence of co-morbidities in ASD is important to raise awareness among stakeholders so both can be identified sooner and managed optimally. Additionally, a detailed understanding of co-morbidities will allow to further refine the burden around ASD and support future economic analyses. Conflict of interest Disclosure statement: Servier employee ER  - 
P.0216 Mortality and acute somatic events following electroconvulsive therapy in patients with preexisting somatic comorbidity: a register-based nationwide danish cohort study$$$ Background: ECT has been established as the most effective treatment for severe unipolar and bipolar depression, and also has an important place in the acute management of mania and mixed states. ECT is generally considered safe, and short-term overall mortality of ECT is very low. Treatment guidelines across the world recommend taking particular caution when administering ECT to patients with preexisting somatic comorbidities. However, evidence regarding the risks of administering electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with somatic comorbidity is very limited. Aim: To examine whether ECT is associated with short and long-term risk of mortality and acute somatic events in patients with or without preexisting somatic comorbidity. Methods: 174,495 patients with a first-time diagnosis of an affective disorder, of whom 41% had somatic comorbidity, were followed for ECT, mortality and serious acute somatic outcomes using Danish registers. Somatic comorbidity was defined as at least one preexisting diagnosis of a range of common medical conditions (e.g. hypertension, ischemic heart disease, diabetes, obesity, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, etc.) or use of medication for these conditions. Acute somatic events were defined as acute cardiac events (including acute myocardial infarction, cardiac arrest, paroxysmal tachycardia, atrial fibrillation/flutter, and other cardiac arrhythmias), stroke, intracranial hemorrhage (including subarachnoid; traumatic epi-, and subdural hemorrhage), epileptic seizures, pneumonia, pulmonary embolism or edema, or hip fracture. The association of ECT with risk of mortality and acute somatic events in patients with or without somatic comorbidity were estimated using Cox Proportional Hazard regression models. Potential interactions with preexisting somatic comorbidity and ECT (i.e. that patients with somatic comorbidity would have higher risk of somatic events or death following ECT than patients with no somatic comorbidity, as compared to the corresponding non-ECT treated patient groups), were tested using likelihood ratio tests with an interaction term (somatic comorbidity*ECT) in the model. Results: Patients were followed for a median of 6.7 years, corresponding to 1.12 million person-years. Compared to the non-ECT treated population, ECT was associated with a lower risk of death from natural causes, which was independent of somatic comorbidity status. Furthermore, ECT was not associated with a higher risk of acute somatic events neither in patients with nor without somatic comorbidity, with the exception of acute cardiac events during 0-30 days of follow-up after the first ECT, for which there was a 3.6-fold higher risk in patients with no somatic comorbidity. However, this analysis was based on very few events. Conclusion: Based on this nationwide cohort study of patients with affective disorders, we conclude that ECT is not associated with any short or long-term higher mortality risk in patients with preexisting somatic comorbidity. Likewise, ECT was not associated with any short or long-term risk of developing serious acute somatic events, except for a possible higher rate of non-mortal cardiac events in ECT-treated patients without preexisting somatic comorbidity. The study contributes substantially to our knowledge base on the safety of ECT in people with medical illness and underlines the continuing importance of ECT as a powerful and safe treatment modality in patients with affective disorders. No conflict of interest ER  - 
P.0330 Maximum downward slopes of sleep slow waves as a potential marker of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder clinical phenotypes$$$ Background: Sleep problems are a common finding in children with Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) [1], possibly due to shared pathophysiology. However, only few significant differences in the macrostructure of the sleep EEG have emerged between ADHD and healthy children (HC) [2,3]. On the other hand, Slow Waves (SW) alterations may offer microstructural electroencephalographic markers of unstable sleep as well as disordered cortical maturation in ADHD [4]. Here, we focus on the SW slope as an accurate marker of the underlying neuronal synchronization [5] and possible predictive parameter of psychiatric comorbidities and neuropsychological dimensions in ADHD. Methods: 70 children (mean age 8.76, SD 2.77) with ADHD, with no epilepsy and no intellectual disabilities, were included in this retrospective study. Patients underwent psychiatric and neurologic evaluation and were assessed through the Child Behavior Checklist for children (CBCL 6-18) (52/70 patients), the CPRS-R (Conners' Parent Rating Scale – Revised) (47/70 patients), the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children (WISC-IV) (21/70 patients) and a standard 10-20 EEG (all patients). We analyzed the EEG signal during naps, extracting the slopes of SW in the NREM phase via a custom script developed in MATLAB (MathWorks, Natick, MA) environment. We grouped descendent slopes according to the SW negative peak amplitude by using bins of 10 µV, from 0 µV to 100 µV. Afterwards, we measured associations between the clinical scores and the maximum downward slopes (MDS) via a generalized linear regression model, including age, sex and psychopharmacotherapy as potential confounders. To correct for multiple comparisons we estimated the null distribution of the beta regression values by means of a permutation procedure (n=2000 rearrangements of the observations) for each dependent variable, channel and amplitude bin. Significance thresholds were set at p=0.05. We evaluated potential clusters of associations by selecting only the groups of channels consisting of more than two contiguous electrodes on the scalp and only for channels presenting significance for at least two consecutive amplitude bins. Results: Our results show, sorted by degree of significance: 1) A negative association between the Processing Speed Index scores and the MDS (0–30µV) in a large cluster of anterior and temporal right areas. 2) A positive association between the Processing Speed Index scores and the MDS (20–50µV) in a large cluster of temporal and posterior left areas. 3) A positive association between autistic traits and the MDS (50–90µV) in a large cluster of anterior and temporal left areas. 4) A negative association between internalizing symptoms, derived through the CBCL 6-18 scales, and the MDS (0–40µV) in temporal and posterior left areas. 5) A positive association between comorbid multiple anxiety disorder and the MDS (50–60µV) in posterior and temporal left areas. Conclusions: Numerous associations emerge between the local MDS and psychiatric comorbidity, and neuropsychological and behavioral dimensions of ADHD. Consistent cluster localization and lateralization among SW amplitudes put forward the idea that alterations in local cortical synchronization, revealed by MDS, could underlie specific neurodevelopmental trajectories resulting in different clinical phenotypes of ADHD. No conflict of interest ER  - 
P.0687 Safety assessment of esketamine administered via dry powder inhaler in patients with treatment-resistant major depression$$$ Background: Ketamine has been used as an anaesthetic since 1960s and it is considered to have a good medical safety profile [1]. Ketamine is a chiral compound consisting of two enantiomers, esketamine and arketamine. Several clinical studies in depressed patients using subanaesthetic doses of ketamine/esketamine/arketamine, administered via different routes, have been conducted. Adverse events observed after ketamine or its enantiomers administration can be categorized in four groups: general, psychotomimetic, dissociative and hemodynamic. These adverse events are generally mild or moderate but considered to be well tolerated and most of all transient. Esketamine administered via dry powder inhaler (esketamine DPI) represents a new route of administration. Previously we demonstrated the pharmacokinetic properties and safety of esketamine DPI after single and multiple dose in healthy volunteers [2, 3]. Here, we present safety results of esketamine DPI in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) in the course of major depressive disorder (MDD). Method: This was randomized, multiple dose, placebo-controlled, double blind, multicentre phase two study of esketamine DPI in patients with TRD in the course of MDD. Patients (n=88; safety population n=89) were randomized in 1:1:1:1 ratio to 24, 36 or 48 mg of esketamine or placebo arm. They administered four inhalation dosing sequences within two weeks of treatment phase (on Day 1, 4, 8 and 11) on top of antidepressants. Each dosing sequence consisted of inhalations spread over 30 minutes. Safety assessment included adverse events (AE) reporting, clinical laboratory tests, vital signs, electrocardiography (ECG) and dissociative symptoms assessment (Clinician—Administered Dissociative States Scale, CADSS). The number and percentage of patients reporting the AE and the number of AEs reported was determined. Comparison of pre-dose and post-dose values for safety laboratory data and vital signs were assessed. For CADSS results descriptive statistics of the total score and changes from baseline were calculated. Results: Number of patients experiencing at least one AE related to study treatment was 9 (40.9%) in placebo arm and 6 (27.3%), 10 (43.5%) and 8 (36.4%) in esketamine DPI 24, 36 and 48 mg arm, respectively. Patients randomized to higher doses of esketamine DPI more frequently reported dizziness, while those receiving placebo – headache or anxiety. Two serious AEs were reported but only one, epilepsy during first administration, was assessed as probably related to the study treatment. Laboratory values were similar between treatment groups. This was also true for the ECG and vital signs assessment, although a small increase in blood pressure, both systolic and diastolic, directly after the administration was observed. An increase in dissociative symptoms (mean CADSS total score up to 6.2 points) was observed 45 minutes after the start of dosing, which was transient and returned to normal within 2 hours after the start of administration. Conclusion: Administration of esketamine DPI was generally safe and well tolerated. Most of observed adverse events were mild and transient. Dry powder inhalation of esketamine is a novel and convenient route of administration. Conflict of interest Disclosure statement: S.J. is an employee of Celon Pharma SA and patent author M.W. is CEO and shareholder of Celon Pharma SA and patent author P.G. has collaborated by performing consultations or giving lectures for Gedeon Richter, Janssen, Lundbeck, Adamed, Angelini, Celon, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Krka, Lundbeck, Novartis, Polpharma, Sanofi, Servier, Zentiva, Bausch, Teva, Novartis, Boehringer, Vitama, Ever Pharma, Vedim, Mylan, Abbvie, Neuraxpharm, Gilead, WCGPharma. The study was supported by Celon Pharma SA and National Center for Research and Development. ER  - 
Effectiveness of Belimumab After Rituximab in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: B-cell depletion with rituximab is commonly used for patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) that is refractory to conventional therapy, but it yields variable responses. We hypothesized that high B-cell activating factor (BAFF) levels after rituximab can cause disease flares, thereby limiting its effectiveness. Objective: To obtain preliminary evidence for efficacy of the anti-BAFF therapeutic belimumab after rituximab in SLE. Design: Phase 2, randomized, double-blind (patients, assessors, researchers, care providers), placebo-controlled, parallel-group, superiority trial. (ISRCTN: 47873003) Setting: England. Participants: Fifty-two patients who had SLE that was refractory to conventional treatment and whose physicians had recommended rituximab therapy were recruited between 2 February 2017 and 28 March 2019. Intervention: Participants were treated with rituximab and 4 to 8 weeks later were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive intravenous belimumab or placebo for 52 weeks. Measurements: The prespecified primary end point was serum IgG anti-double-stranded DNA (anti-dsDNA) antibody levels at 52 weeks. Secondary outcomes included incidence of disease flares and adverse events. Results: At 52 weeks, IgG anti-dsDNA antibody levels were lower in patients treated with belimumab compared with placebo (geometric mean, 47 [95% CI, 25 to 88] vs. 103 [CI, 49 to 213] IU/mL; 70% greater reduction from baseline [CI, 46% to 84%]; P < 0.001). Belimumab reduced risk for severe flare (BILAG-2004 grade A) compared with placebo (hazard ratio, 0.27 [CI, 0.07 to 0.98]; log-rank P = 0.033), with 10 severe flares in the placebo group and 3 in the belimumab group. Belimumab did not increase incidence of serious adverse events. Belimumab significantly suppressed B-cell repopulation compared with placebo (geometric mean, 0.012 [CI, 0.006 to 0.014] vs. 0.037 [CI, 0.021 to 0.081] × 109/L) at 52 weeks in a subset of patients (n = 25) with available data. Limitations: Small sample size; biomarker primary end point. Conclusion: Belimumab after rituximab significantly reduced serum IgG anti-dsDNA antibody levels and reduced risk for severe flare in patients with SLE that was refractory to conventional therapy. The results suggest that this combination could be developed as a therapeutic strategy. ER  - 
Extent of parahippocampal ablation is associated with seizure freedom after laser amygdalohippocampotomy$$$ OBJECTIVE The authors aimed to examine the relationship between mesial temporal subregion ablation volume and seizure outcome in a diverse cohort of patients who underwent stereotactic laser amygdalohippocampotomy (SLAH) for mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE). METHODS Seizure outcomes and pre- and postoperative images were retrospectively reviewed in patients with MTLE who underwent SLAH at a single institution. Mesial temporal subregions and the contrast-enhancing ablation volume were manually segmented. Pre- and postoperative MR images were coregistered to assess anatomical ablation. Postoperative MRI and ablation volumes were also spatially normalized, enabling the assessment of seizure outcome with heat maps. RESULTS Twenty-eight patients with MTLE underwent SLAH, 15 of whom had mesial temporal sclerosis (MTS). The rate of Engel class I outcome at 1 year after SLAH was 39% overall: 47% in patients with MTS and 31% in patients without MTS. The percentage of parahippocampal gyrus (PHG) ablated was higher in patients with an Engel class I outcome (40% vs 25%, p = 0.04). Subregion analysis revealed that extent of ablation in the parahippocampal cortex (35% vs 19%, p = 0.03) and angular bundle (64% vs 43%, p = 0.02) was positively associated with Engel class I outcome. The degree of amygdalohippocampal complex (AHC) ablated was not associated with seizure outcome (p = 0.30). CONCLUSIONS Although the AHC was the described target of SLAH, seizure outcome in this cohort was associated with degree of ablation for the PHG, not the AHC. Complete coverage of both the AHC and PHG is technically challenging, and more work is needed to optimize seizure outcome after SLAH. ER  - 
Adherence to clinical guidelines in integration of mental health services into primary health care in Mbarara, southwestern Uganda: a medical records review$$$ Background: The Ugandan Ministry of Health decentralized mental healthcare to the district level; developed the Uganda Clinical Guidelines (UCG); and trained primary health care (PHC) providers in identification, management, and referral of individuals with common mental disorders. This was intended to promote integration of mental health services into PHC in the country. ‘Common mental disorders’ here refers to mental, neurological and substance use conditions as indicated in the UCG. However, the extent of integration of mental health into general healthcare remains unknown. This study aimed to establish the level of adherence of PHC providers to the UCG in the identification and management of mental disorders. Methods: This was a prospective medical record review of patient information collected in November and December 2018, and March and April 2019 at two health centers (III and IV) in southwestern Uganda. Data (health facility level; sex and age of the patient; and mental disorder diagnosis, management) was collected using a checklist. Continuous data was analyzed using means and standard deviation while categorical data was analyzed using Chi-square. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed to establish predictors of PHC provider adherence to the clinical guidelines on integration of mental health services into PHC. The analysis was conducted at a 95% level of significance. Results: Of the 6093 records of patients at the study health facilities during the study period, 146 (2.4%) had a mental or neurological disorder diagnosis. The commonly diagnosed disorders were epilepsy 91 (1.5%) and bipolar 25 (0.4%). The most prescribed medications were carbamazepine 65 (44.5%), and phenobarbital 26 (17.8%). The medicines inappropriately prescribed at health center III for a mental diagnosis included chlorpromazine for epilepsy 3 (2.1%) and haloperidol for epilepsy 1 (0.7%). Female gender (aOR: 0.52, 95% CI 0.39–0.69) and age 61+ years (aOR: 3.02, 95% CI 1.40–6.49) were predictors of a mental disorder entry into the HMIS register. Conclusion: There was a noticeable change of practice by PHC providers in integrating mental health services in routine care as reflected by the rise in the number of mental disorders diagnosed and treated and entered into the modified paper based HMIS registers. ER  - 
A nationwide evaluation of the prevalence of and risk factors associated with anxiety, depression and insomnia symptoms during the return-to-work period of coronavirus disease 2019 in China$$$ PURPOSE: To evaluate the prevalence of and risk factors associated with anxiety, depression, and insomnia symptoms during the return-to-work period of coronavirus disease 2019 in China. METHODS: The authors conducted a large-scale, nationwide, multicenter, cross-sectional study in China. A population-based quota and snowball sampling were designed to recruit a representative sample. Online questionnaires and telephone reviews were used to collect characteristics and assess psychological and sleep problems. Anxiety, depression, and insomnia symptoms were measured by the generalized anxiety disorder-7, patient health questionnaire-9, and insomnia severity index tools. RESULTS: A total of 42,000 participants were recruited from 15 centers, and 36,795 valid questionnaires were received. Generally, 18.3, 14.9, and 17.9% of the participants had anxiety, depression, and insomnia symptoms, respectively, and 2.2-2.7% had severe symptoms. Engaging in outside activity once in ≥ 30 days (OR = 2.719, OR = 2.074, OR = 2.225) and age 50-64 years (OR = 2.431, OR = 1.936, OR = 2.036) were common risk factors for anxiety, depression and insomnia symptoms. Living in Hubei Province (OR = 1.304, OR = 1.242) was a common risk factor for anxiety and insomnia symptoms. Working as frontline medical staff (OR = 2.150) was another risk factor for anxiety symptoms. The health education rate of the samples reached 98.9%. However, the psychological intervention rate was only 16.2%, and 2.5% received targeted interventions. CONCLUSIONS: An increasing number of people might have psychological and sleep problems. However, the current psychological interventions are not sufficient. Efforts should be made to strengthen interventions for high-risk populations. ER  - 
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on stress, resilience and depression in health professionals: a cross-sectional study$$$ AIM: To describe the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on stress, resilience and depression in health professionals from a public hospital in Barcelona, Spain after the first peak of pandemic. BACKGROUND: The COVID-19 pandemic in Spain has pushed boundaries in health systems and, especially, for health professionals. Analysis of resilience as an individual resource and it is essential to understand the mechanisms that make staff react unfavourably to stressors caused by the pandemic. DESIGN: A descriptive cross-sectional study was designed. PARTICIPANTS: Health professionals supervised by the nursing department, including registered nurses, health care assistants, health technicians, final year nurse student nurses, foreign nurses, and other nurse-related health workers. METHODS: The study complies with the STROBE checklist for cross-sectional studies. An online survey was administered to all health professionals supervised by the nursing department between 6 and 27 May 2020. The survey included the ER-14 Resilience Scale, the widely-used PHQ-9 depression scale, the Spanish version of the Nursing Stress Scale, and an ad-hoc questionnaire to obtain sociodemographic and occupational variables. RESULTS: A total of 686 participants answered the survey. Resilience was high or very high in health professionals, with an inverse correlation with stress and depression scores. Personal on fixed shifts showed better resilience. The most stressed health professionals were full-time registered nurses, followed by health care assistants. Up to 25% of nursing professionals had depression. CONCLUSION: Our study showed a high degree of resilience among nurse professionals despite the overwhelming nature of the COVID-19 pandemic. Relevant signs of depression and stress were detected among participants. Occupational factors heavily influenced nurses' resilience, stress and depression. IMPLICATIONS FOR NURSING & HEALTH POLICY: Government policy shifts are needed in Spain to improve nurses' workforce conditions, enhance the ratio of nurses to patient numbers, and avoid workforce losses. Maintaining the resilience of health professionals would assist in improving their health and their capacity to possible future emergency situations. ER  - 
Comparative Effects of Benzodiazepines & Antipsychotics for Agitation in Elderly Patients in the Emergency Department$$$ Introduction: Agitation and hyperactive delirium are common presentations among geriatric patients in the emergency department (ED). Pharmacological treatments include benzodiazepines and antipsychotics, both of which carry warnings for use in geriatric patients. Research Question or Hypothesis: Is there a difference in safety and effectiveness between benzodiazepines and antipsychotics for the management of severe agitation in geriatric ED patients? Study Design: Multi-site, observational retrospective cohort study. Methods: Patients aged ≥ 60 years who received either a benzodiazepine or an antipsychotic for agitation in the ED and admitted to the hospital between 7/2018 and 7/2020 were included. Patients were excluded if they received the agent for sedation during a procedure, alcohol withdrawal, seizures, headache, pain, anxiety, or nausea. Safety outcomes included respiratory depression and cardiovascular effects within one hour of medication administration. Effectiveness outcomes examined the need for additional medications and one-to-one observation. For comparisons, we used Chi-square or Fisher's exact test, with P value < 0.05 considered statistically significant. Results: 684 patients were included in the analysis, with 437 receiving benzodiazepines and 247 receiving antipsychotics. Those who received benzodiazepines were more likely to need intubation (2.7% vs. 0.4%, p=0.031). There was no difference in use of non-invasive mechanical ventilation (0% vs 0.7%, p=0.19) or need for supplemental oxygen (8.1% vs 9.8%, p=0.45). There were no differences in the incidence of QT prolongation (16.7% vs 18.4%, p=0.82) or hypotension (6.9% vs 8.2%, p=0.52). Need for additional medication dosing was similar (19.8% vs 20.6%, p=0.81). There was a higher need for one-to-one observation in the antipsychotic group (93.1% vs 86.3%, p=0.007). Conclusion: Those who received benzodiazepines for agitation were more likely to be intubated. There were no other significant differences in effectiveness and side effects. Risks and benefits of medication therapy should be considered on an individualized basis as there is currently limited data to support use of one agent over another. ER  - 
A Comparitive Study of Efficacy and Safety of IV Valproate and IV Phenytoin in Acute Childhood Seizures$$$ Objectives: To assess the efficacy and safety of IV Valproate and IV Phenytoin in acute childhood seizures. Materials and Methods: It is a prospective study on total of 116 children of age group 3-10 years with generalized seizures. They were randomized to receive IV Valproate 20mg/kg and IV Phenytoin 20mg/kg who already received diazepam at the time of presentation with seizures. The efficacy & safety is measured based on recurrence of seizure within 24hrs duration, adverse events and vital parameters like BP, PR, RR, SpO2. Results: Out of 52 children in valproate group the efficacy was 98% and Out of 55 children in phenytoin group the efficacy was 94%.Total adverse events (Rash, Hypotension, Respiratory depression, Mild SGPT elevation) observed are 3(5.76%) with valproate and 7(12.72%) with phenytoin respectively. Changes in vital parameters are not statistically significant (p>0.05). Conclusions: As percentage of children with recurrence of seizure is less and total adverse events are less with valproate, it is considered to be safe and effective. So it may be included in the treatment protocol as first line drug. ER  - 
Study of Medication Adherence and Quality of Life in Children with Epilepsy$$$ Objectives: This study was aimed to assess the pattern of use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in paediatric patient population diagnosed to suffer from epilepsy and to find out extent of adherence to AEDs in children and effects of the disease per se on quality of life in children suffering from epilepsy. Materials and Methods: A rospective cross-sectional study was carried out over period of one year .All children(8-12 years) diagnosed to suffer from epilepsy for at least one year and attending outpatient department of pediatric neurology were enrolled in the study after explaining the aim of the study.The Morisky Medication Adherence Scale (MMAS-8) for adherence to antiepileptic drug therapy was filled by interviewing parents and KIDSCREEN-10 questionnaire for quality of life was filled up by interviewing the pediatric patients .The correlation between these two is calculated by Spearman Correlation Coefficient. Results: Out of 150 patients 90 were male. About 47.3% reported positive perinatal history. Among traditional AEDs, Sodium valproate (39.8%) was the most commonly prescribed drug and amongst newer AEDs Oxcarbazepine (7.3%) As far as the extent of adherence to AED therapy is concerned 47.3% of paediatric population were highly adherent to prescribed drugs. As far as HRQOL is concerned, only 28% of respondents reported low quality of life scores corresponding to depressed mood. Around 39% of respondents also have low scores in questions related to performance in school. Conclusions: 74.6% of paediatric patients suffering from epilepsy received single AED. Medication adherence and quality of the life are positively correlated. Patients with high medication adherence had good quality of life and vice versa. ER  - 
Do Hippocampal Neurons Really Count for Comorbid Depression in Patients With Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and Hippocampal Sclerosis? A Histopathological Study$$$ Depression is the most frequent psychiatric comorbidity seen in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE) patients with hippocampal sclerosis (HS). Moreover, the HS is the most frequent pathological hallmark in MTLE-HS. Although there is a well-documented hippocampal volumetric reduction in imaging studies of patients with major depressive disorder, in epilepsy with comorbid depression, the true role of the hippocampus is not entirely understood. This study aimed to verify if patients with unilateral MTLE-HS and the co-occurrence of depression have differences in neuronal density of the hippocampal sectors CA1–CA4. For this purpose, we used a histopathological approach. This was a pioneering study with patients having both clinical disorders. However, we found no difference in hippocampal neuronal density when depression co-occurs in patients with epilepsy. In this series, CA1 had the lowest counting in both groups, and HS ILAE Type 1 was the most prevalent. More studies using histological assessments are needed to clarify the physiopathology of depression in MTLE-HS. ER  - 
Seizure Semiology, EEG, and Imaging Findings in Epilepsy Secondary to Mitochondrial Disease$$$ Background: Identification of an underlying mitochondrial disorder can be challenging due to the significant phenotypic variability between and within specific disorders. Epilepsy can be a presenting symptom with several mitochondrial disorders. In this study, we evaluated clinical, electrophysiologic, and imaging features in patients with epilepsy and mitochondrial disorders to identify common features, which could aid in earlier identification of a mitochondrial etiology. Methods: This is a retrospective case series from January 2011 to December 2019 at a tertiary referral center of patients with epilepsy and a genetically confirmed diagnosis of a mitochondrial disorder. A total of 164 patients were reviewed with 20 patients fulfilling inclusion criteria. Results: A total of 20 patients (14 females, 6 males) aged 0.5–61 years with epilepsy and genetically confirmed mitochondrial disorders were identified. Status epilepticus occurred in 15 patients, with focal status epilepticus in 13 patients, including 9 patients with visual features. Abnormalities over the posterior cerebral regions were seen in 66% of ictal recordings and 44% of imaging studies. All the patients were on nutraceutical supplementation with no significant change in disease progression seen. At last follow-up, eight patients were deceased and the remainder had moderate-to-severe disability. Discussion: In this series of patients with epilepsy and mitochondrial disorders, we found increased propensity for seizures arising from the posterior cerebral regions. Over time, electroencephalogram (EEG) and imaging abnormalities increasingly occurred over the posterior cerebral regions. Focal seizures and focal status epilepticus with visual symptoms were common. Additional study is needed on nutraceutical supplementation in mitochondrial disorders. ER  - 
Cerebral Sinovenous Thrombosis in Greek Children: A Single Centre Experience$$$ Introduction: Cerebral sinovenous thrombosis (CSVT) in children is a rare, often underdiagnosed but serious event. The risk factors in children include head or neck infections, prothrombotic agents such as oral contraceptives and a chronic systemic illness. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the clinical manifestations, neuroimaging findings, risk factors and treatment of children suffering from CSVT in a reference paediatric centre for thrombosis. In addition, we assessed outcomes after CSVT. Methods: Data were retrospectively collected for children with CSVT, referred between 2010 and 2020 to our hospital. There were 103 children that were used as controls concerning thrombophilic factors. The categorical variables were described by frequency distributions and compared with x2-homogeneity test. Results: Sixty-five patients were included in the study (58% males). The mean age of the children at the time of diagnosis was 6.2 years (SD 4 years, range 1 month to 16 years). The most common presenting symptoms were headache (43%), decreased consciousness (32%), vomiting (12%), seizures (15%), diplopia (6%) and torticollis (5%). Papilloedema was found in 14 children (21.5%) and intracerebral haemorrhage in one. The most frequent risk factors were infections (74%), mainly acute otitis media with or without mastoiditis (55% και 19% respectively) and chronic medical conditions, such as polycythemia vera, nephrotic syndrome, arteriovenous malformation, ulcerative colitis-3% each. The use of oral contraceptives was not documented. For the diagnostic evaluation MRI/Magnetic Resonance Venography was performed in 72.3% of children. CT was diagnostic in 24.6% of patients and one infant underwent Power Doppler Ultrasound. Thrombosis was detected in 46% of children on left side, in 34% on right side and in 20% bilaterally. The deep venous system (straight venous, vein of Galen, transverse and sigmoid sinus, jugular veins) was more commonly affected (75%). Notably, sigmoid sinus thrombosis (40%) was predominantly involved, followed by transverse (31%), while extension to ipsilateral jugular vein occurred in 32%. Multiple sinus involvement was found in 64% of patients. Interestingly, simultaneous localization in the transverse and sigmoid sinuses had an increased probability of being accompanied by papilloedema (p <0.05). Venous infarctions were noticed in two children, while one child with hypoplastic venous sinus had an abdominal peritoneal CNS drain. Laboratory investigations for prothrombotic risk factors were available for all patients. One or more prothrombotic risk factor were found in 18 of the 65 (28%) children. To be more accurate, heterozygosity for FVLeiden and FII20210A mutations were found in 8% and 5% of patients, respectively and homozygosity for MTHFR-C776T in 15% (without raised homocysteine). Thrombophilic factors did not attain statistically significant results, apart from a trend for heterozygosity for FVLeiden and FII20210A mutations in patients (in controls 5% and 3% respectively). All patients received anticoagulation (68% coumarin anticoagulants, 32% Low Molecular Weight Heparin) for a mean duration of 7.5 ±3.3 months and 18.8 ±32.4 months respectively, while 7 children still receive anticoagulation. The duration of anticoagulation therapy was based on clinical outcome and follow-up investigations. No patient developed hemorrhagic events during the therapy. Follow-up imaging studies were available in most of the children. Six children showed no recanalization on 3.5 ±0.5 months, 19 children showed partial recanalization on 5±3 months and 20 children showed complete recanalization on 7± 5 months. No child died or had persisting neurological sequelae, apart from signs of attention deficit disorder, during a median follow-up of 4±3 years. One patient underwent remission of thrombosis in other site (pulmonary emboli) in adulthood. Conclusions: Physicians should be suspicious of CSVT in children with otitis media/mastoiditis or chronic diseases, when referred for headache or other neurological signs. In a quarter of the cases a thrombophilic factor had eventually some contribution to the event. Longer follow-up may reveal the incidence of cognitive or behavioral disabilities due to CSVT. Disclosures: Kattamis: Novartis: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; CRISPR/Vertex: Consultancy, Honoraria; Chiesi: Honoraria; BMS/Celgene: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Agios Pharmaceuticals: Consultancy; IONIS: Consultancy; VIFOR: Consultancy; Amgen: Consultancy. ER  - 
Endocrinopathies in Inborn Errors of Immunity$$$ Inborn errors of immunity (IEI), caused by hereditary or genetic defects, are a group of more than 400 disorders, in which the immune system, including lymphocytes, neutrophils, macrophages, and complements, does not function properly. The endocrine system is frequently affected by IEI as an associated clinical feature and a complex network of glands which regulate many important body functions, including growth, reproduction, homeostasis, and energy regulation. Most endocrine disorders associated with IEI are hypofunction which would be treated with supplementation therapy, and early diagnosis and appropriate management are essential for favorable long-term outcomes in patients with IEI. In this review, we aimed to comprehensively summarize and discuss the current understanding on the clinical features and the pathophysiology of endocrine disorders in IEI. This review is composed with three parts. First, we discuss the two major pathophysiology of endocrinopathy in IEI, autoimmune response and direct effects of the responsible genes. Next, the details of each endocrinopathy, such as growth failure, hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism, adrenal insufficiency, diabetes mellitus (DM) are specified. We also illustrated potential endocrinopathy due to hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, including hypogonadism and adrenal insufficiency due to glucocorticoid therapy. ER  - 
Role of BMI in the Relationship Between Dietary Inflammatory Index and Depression: An Intermediary Analysis$$$ Introduction: This study investigated this association and the role of BMI in the inflammatory process in a large population-based observational study. Methods: A total of 1,865 elderly people (≥55 years) were followed from the Community Cohort Study of Nervous System Diseases (CCSNSD) cohort study from 2018 to 2019 (Mean [SD] age, 66.31 [0.32] years; 716 [38.4%] males). The semi-quantitative FFQ and geriatric depression scale (GDS) were used to evaluate the diet and depressive symptoms of the elderly, respectively. The multivariable logistic regression model estimated the OR and 95% CI between Empirical Dietary Inflammatory Index (E-DII) and depression. The interaction of E-DII and BMI on depressive events was tested, and the mediation analysis of BMI was performed. Results: As measured by E-DII, the mean (SE) value of the inflammatory potential of the diet in our study was 1.56 (0.12). E-DII ranged from 5.23 to 5.58. In comparison with the first quartile, the elderly from the second quartile (OR: 1.15 [95% CI: 1.09, 1.28]) to the fourth quartile (OR: 1.31 [95% CI: 1.16, 1.42]) have a higher risk of depression before adjustment for BMI. An interaction was observed between E-DII and BMI in terms of the risk of depression (PInteraction < 0.001). The whole related part is mediated by BMI (31.06%). Conclusion: Our findings indicate that the higher pro-inflammatory potential of diet is associated with a higher risk of depression, and this association may be mediated by BMI. Further research is needed to verify our findings and clarify the latent mechanism. ER  - 
Central Hypoventilation Is a Key Risk Factor for Mechanical Ventilation During the Acute Phase of Anti-N-Methyl-D-Aspartate Receptor Encephalitis$$$ Objective: Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDAR) encephalitis is an acute form of encephalitis of autoimmune etiology. We aimed to evaluate the risk factors that predicted the need for mechanical ventilation during the acute phase of anti-NMDAR encephalitis through an analysis of the clinical characteristics and biochemical test results of the patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Methods: In this retrospective study, patients who primarily presented with anti-NMDAR encephalitis and exhibited anti-NMDAR antibody positivity in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) between November 2015 and February 2020 were included. Data on the clinical characteristics, biochemical test results, and treatment methods selected for the patients were collected for the analysis of factors predicting the need for mechanical ventilation. Results: Thirty-one patients with a median age of onset of 31 years (inter-quartile range: 21–48 years) were included in this study, of which 15 were male (48.4%). Psychosis (23, 74.2%), seizures (20, 64.5%), and memory deficit (20, 64.5%) were the most common clinical manifestations. At admission, 17 patients (54.8%) presented with pyrexia, of which 12 (38.7%) had a body temperature ≥38°C, and six patients (19.4%) presented with central hypoventilation. All patients received first-line therapy (glucocorticoids, intravenous immunoglobulin, or plasmapheresis alone or combined), whereas two patients (6.5%) received rituximab, a second-line agent, as well. Seven patents required mechanical ventilation. Results of univariate logistic regression analysis revealed that body temperature ≥38°C [odds ratio (OR) = 18, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.79–181.31, P < 0.05] and central hypoventilation at admission (OR = 57.50, 95% CI: 4.32–764.89, P < 0.05) were the risk factors for mechanical ventilation. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that central hypoventilation at admission was the only risk factor predicting the need for mechanical ventilation. Conclusion: Central hypoventilation at admission is a key risk factor for mechanical ventilation during hospitalization in patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. ER  - 
High Depression Symptoms and Burnout Levels Among Parents of Children with Autism Spectrum Disorders: A Multi-Center, Cross-Sectional, Case–Control Study$$$ The diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in a child affects family processes, increases parenting stress and marital conflicts, and may lead to parental psychopathology. It may also affect the prognosis for their children. The aim of this study is to determine depression and burnout levels as well as their predictors among parents of children with ASD compared with those of healthy children. We also sought to evaluate rate of complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) interventions among parents and explore the associations of this phenomenon in an exploratory fashion. 145 children with ASD and 127 control children were enrolled along with their mothers and fathers. Beck Depression Inventory and Maslach Burnout Inventory were used to evaluate parents’ depression symptoms and burnout levels. Symptoms of children with ASDs were evaluated according to the Childhood Autism Rating Scale by the clinicians. Family, child and CAM variables were screened by means of a sociodemographic data form. Descriptive, bivariate and correlation analyses were used in statistical evaluations. Predictors of burnout were evaluated with multiple regression analysis. Burnout and depression levels among parents of children with ASD were significantly elevated compared to controls. Burnout levels of mothers were significantly elevated compared to fathers while depression scores of fathers were significantly elevated compared to mothers. Maternal burnout was significantly predicted by presence of functional speech in child while paternal burnout was significantly predicted by paternal vocation. Maternal depression was associated with paternal depression, lack of speech in child and attendance of child to special education services. Paternal depression was associated with autistic symptom severity and maternal depression. More than half the parents sought CAM interventions. Education level did not affect search for CAM interventions while both maternal and paternal psychopathology and presence of epilepsy among children increased use of CAM methods. Psychological support should be provided to both mothers and fathers of a child receiving a diagnosis of ASD. Addressing parents’ burnout and stress levels and facilitating their negotiation of knowledge on etiology and treatments for ASD may be beneficial for the family unit as a whole. ER  - 
SARS-CoV-2-related encephalitis with prominent parkinsonism: clinical and FDG-PET correlates in two patients$$$ Considering the similarities with other pandemics due to respiratory virus infections and subsequent development of neurological disorders (e.g. encephalitis lethargica after the 1918 influenza), there is growing concern about a possible new wave of neurological complications following the worldwide spread of SARS-CoV-2. However, data on COVID-19-related encephalitis and movement disorders are still limited. Herein, we describe the clinical and neuroimaging (FDG-PET/CT, MRI and DaT-SPECT) findings of two patients with COVID-19-related encephalopathy who developed prominent parkinsonism. None of the patients had previous history of parkinsonian signs/symptoms, and none had prodromal features of Parkinson’s disease (hyposmia or RBD). Both developed a rapidly progressive form of atypical parkinsonism along with distinctive features suggestive of encephalitis. A possible immune-mediated etiology was suggested in Patient 2 by the presence of CSF-restricted oligoclonal bands, but none of the patients responded favorably to immunotherapy. Interestingly, FDG-PET/CT findings were similar in both cases and reminiscent of those observed in post-encephalitic parkinsonism, with cortical hypo-metabolism associated with hyper-metabolism in the brainstem, mesial temporal lobes, and basal ganglia. Patient’s FDG-PET/CT findings were validated by performing a Statistical Parametric Mapping analysis and comparing the results with a cohort of healthy controls (n = 48). Cerebrum cortical thickness map was obtained in Patient 1 from MRI examinations to evaluate the structural correlates of the metabolic alterations detected with FDG-PET/CT. Hypermetabolic areas correlated with brain regions showing increased cortical thickness, suggesting their involvement during the inflammatory process. Overall, these observations suggest that SARS-CoV-2 infection may trigger an encephalitis with prominent parkinsonism and distinctive brain metabolic alterations. ER  - 
A retrospective analysis of memantine use in a pediatric neurology clinic$$$ Background: Memantine is an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDA-R) antagonist, approved for dementia, but also studied in pediatric autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Methods: We reviewed children treated with memantine in a single-centre pediatric neurology clinic. Clinical data extracted included age, sex, weight, clinical history, reason for memantine prescription, period of treatment trial and dosage, treatment response, side effects, and concomitant medications. Results: Eight patients met inclusion criteria with diagnoses including developmental and epileptic encephalopathy, focal epilepsy, ASD, ADHD. Four reported clear cognitive improvement, though two of these started other concurrent treatments at the time of memantine initiation. One of three patients with poorly-controlled epilepsy, a girl with a GRIN2A variant of uncertain significance, had a clear reduction in seizure frequency. No serious adverse events were noted. Conclusions: Memantine is generally well-tolerated in children, and may have potential benefit for a broad range of pediatric neurodevelopmental disorders. ER  - 
Clinical and laboratory features, disease activity, and outcomes of juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus at diagnosis: a single-center study from southern China$$$ Objectives: This retrospective study aimed to analyze the clinical and laboratory features, disease activity, and outcomes of juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus (jSLE) patients from southern China. Methods: A total of 173 jSLE patients who attended Rheumatology and Immunology Department of Meizhou People’s Hospital between January 2010 and December 2019 are included for analysis. Results: The mean age of disease onset was 13.65 ± 2.80 (range, 5–17). The median age at diagnosis was 13.98 ± 2.88 (range, 5–17) years. The female to male ratio was 6.5:1. Renal involvement was the most prevalent clinical feature, occurred in 71.7% of the patients. A total of 27 (15.6%) patients underwent renal biopsy, and the most common type of renal pathology was class IV (44.4%). Our study demonstrated differences in antibody clusters for which the positivity rates of anti-dsDNA antibodies and anti-Sm antibodies were higher than the other jSLE cohorts reported in China and worldwide. Cyclophosphamide combined with corticosteroids was the main treatment medication. The mean SLE Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI) score at diagnosis was 14.3 ± 7.6 (range, 3–38). Five patients died during the initial diagnosis and treatment. Infection was the major cause of death. Conclusion: The jSLE patients in this cohort had a higher prevalence of renal involvement, anti-dsDNA antibodies, and anti-Sm antibodies. Multicenter studies are needed to clarify the different clinical features of jSLE in southern China. Key Points: • A single-center study of juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus in clinical and laboratory features. • The jSLE patients had a higher prevalence of renal involvement and antibody disorder. ER  - 
Next generation sequencing in children with unexplained epilepsy: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the clinical utility of next-generation sequencing (NGS) in unexplained pediatric epilepsy, and to identify the potential predictors associated with Mendelian genetic causes. Methods: Two hundred and ten children with unexplained epilepsy, who underwent NGS test were included. We analyzed the demographic, clinical and genetic characteristics, and executed a Logistic regression analysis for identifying predictors for Mendelian genetic causes. Patients were classified as either with isolated epilepsy or syndromic epilepsy with concurrent neurodevelopmental phenotypes. Results: The overall diagnostic yield was 29.0% (61/210). A total of 68 variants spanning 39 genes were identified in 58 patients (27.6%, 58/210) from exome sequencing based testing. Of the 68 variants, 33 were novel ones. Besides, STAR and CNTN2 were identified to be a candidate gene for epilepsy. Patients with syndromic epilepsy had a much higher diagnostic yield than that of isolated epilepsy (53/135, 39.3% vs. 8/75, 10.7%, p = 0.000). The odds ratio of detecting genetic cause was 3.939 (95% CI 1.369–11.332) for syndromic epilepsy without epileptic encephalopathy (EE), 5.814 (95% CI 2.208–15.306) for EE, 2.958 (95% CI 1.093–8.000) for patients with seizure onset <12 months, and 2.932 (95%CI 1.414–6.080) for female. Of the 210 patients, 78.4% of patients (145/185) had at least a 50% reduction in seizure frequency and 58.9% (109/185) reached seizure freedom. There was no difference between seizure prognosis and diagnostic outcomes. Significance: NGS is effective for Mendelian genetic etiological diagnosis for unexplained pediatric epilepsy. Female patients with syndromic epilepsy with onset within the first year of life are most likely to yield a positive test result. ER  - 
International online survey of 1048 individuals with functional neurological disorder$$$ Background and purpose: Functional neurological disorder (FND) is common, and symptoms can be severe. There have been no international large-scale studies of patient experiences of FND. Methods: A patient questionnaire was created to assess FND patient characteristics, symptom comorbidities and illness perceptions. Respondents were recruited internationally through an open access questionnaire via social media and patient groups over a month-long period. Results: In total, 1048 respondents from 16 countries participated. Mean age was 42 years (86% female). Median FND symptom duration was 5 years, and median time from first symptom to diagnosis was 2 years. Mean number of current symptoms (core FND and associated) was 9.9. Many respondents had associated symptoms, for example fatigue (93%), memory difficulties (80%) and headache (70%). Self-reported psychiatric comorbidities were relatively common (depression, 43%; anxiety, 51%; panic, 20%; and post-traumatic stress disorder, 22%). Most respondents reported that FND had multiple causes, including physical and psychological. Conclusions: This large survey adds further evidence that people with FND typically have high levels of multiple symptom comorbidity with resultant distress. It also supports the notion that associated physical symptoms are of particular clinical significance in FND patients. Dualistic ideas of FND were not supported by respondents, who generally preferred to conceptualize the disorder as one at the interface of mind and brain. The need for a broad approach to this poorly served patient group is highlighted. Potential selection and response biases due to distribution of the survey online, mostly via FND patient groups, are a key limitation. ER  - 
Spectrum of neuro-genetic disorders in the United Arab Emirates national population$$$ Clinical and molecular characterization of neuro-genetic disorders among UAE national patients seen in the Genetic Clinic at Tawam hospital over a period of 3 years. A retrospective chart review of all Emirati patients assessed by clinical geneticists due to neuro-genetic disorders including global developmental delay, ASD, ID, ADHD, and epilepsy in combination with abnormalities of other organ systems. Each patient had proper assessment including detailed history, three-generation family history, developmental history and detailed physical examination looking for other system involvement. Hearing test and ophthalmological examination were performed when needed. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain, echocardiogram, and renal ultrasound were pursued as indicated. Detailed psychological evaluation and psychometric assessment were done when indicated. The review was done for a period between January 2018 and December 2020. Genetic investigations included chromosome karyotype, FISH study, metabolic/biochemical tests, chromosome microarray, gene sequencing, targeted mutation testing, trio whole exome and trio genome sequencing. A total of 644 patients with developmental delay, ID, learning difficulty, ASD, ADHD, or NNDs, were seen in genetic clinic from January 2018 to December 2020. A total of 506 patients were included in this review, all completed the genetic evaluations during the study period. There were 398 (61.8%) males and 246 (38.2%) females, with a ratio of 1.6:1. Positive family history of NDD was documented in 132 families, while 115 families had negative history and family history was unknown/unclear in the remaining. Fifty seven (11.26% [57/506]) patients had positive microarray results. Hundred ninety seven (38.9% [197/506]) patients had positive molecular testing. Genetic disorders were found in 133 (67.5% [133/197]) and inborn errors of metabolism were found in 42 (21.3% [42/197]). Consanguinity was documented in 139 patients with positive molecular diagnoses (139/197, 70.5%). Sixty nine (35% [69/197]) patients had autosomal dominant disorders, majority were De Novo (84%). Ninety-five (48% [95/197]) patients had autosomal recessive diseases, 40 mutations involved inborn errors of metabolism and 50 mutations involved genetic disorders. Pathogenic variants causing both autosomal dominant and recessive disorders were found in 98 patients (49.7% [98/197]), likely pathogenic variants causing both autosomal dominant and recessive disorders were found in 66 patients (33.5% [66/197]). X-linked related disorders were found in 10 patients (5% [10/197]). Mitochondrial mutation was found in one patient. Novel mutations were found in 76 patients (76/197 i.e., 38.56%). Twenty two patients had variants of unknown significant. The remaining 252 studied patients (252/506 i.e., 49.8%), remained undiagnosed. This study shows that neuro-genetic disorders in the UAE are very heterogeneous at clinical and molecular levels. Using microarray, WES and WGS a diagnosis was reached in 50% of the patients while no diagnosis was reached in other half of the studied patients. It is possible that some mutations were missed by WGS and WES. However, it is also possible that many of disorders in UAE population are novel and the causative mutation is not yet discovered. More researches need to be done in this population to uncover the molecular basis of these disorders. ER  - 
Gamma oscillations predict treatment response to aripiprazole in bipolar disorder$$$ Objective: Treatment of Bipolar Disorder (BD) is a challenging issue. Aripiprazole monotherapy is a recommended option for the treatment of mania in BD. The electrophysiological markers of treatment response to aripiprazole could be potentially identified by quantitative Electroencephalography (qEEG). Methods: Twenty-four patients with BD were analysed retrospectively. Based on the percentage reduction in Young Mania Rating Scale, they were classified as responders (N = 14) and non-responders (N = 10) to aripiprazole monotherapy. Their resting-state qEEG recordings were examined. Spectral power across all frequency bands were calculated. Absolute powers for all frequency bands were compared between these groups. Results: Independent sample Mann-Whitney U test revealed that patients who did not respond to aripiprazole had greater gamma power than aripiprazole treatment responders. Conclusions: Based on the present findings, it can be proposed that excess in gamma power could be the electrophysiological biomarkers of unresponsiveness to aripiprazole treatment in BD. ER  - 
A national study of epilepsy-related deaths in Scotland: Trends, mechanisms, and avoidable deaths$$$ Objective: This study was undertaken to investigate the trends and mechanisms of epilepsy-related deaths in Scotland, highlighting the proportion that were potentially avoidable. Methods: This was a retrospective observational data-linkage study of administrative data from 2009–2016. We linked nationwide data encompassing mortality records, hospital admissions, outpatient attendance, antiepileptic drug (AED) prescriptions, and regional primary care attendances. Adults (aged ≥16 years) suffering epilepsy-related death were identified for study using International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision coding combined with AED prescriptions. We reported epilepsy-related mortality rate (MR), age-specific mortality ratios, multiple cause-of-death frequencies, and the proportion of potentially avoidable deaths (identified as those with an underlying cause listed as avoidable by the Office for National Statistics). Results: A total of 1921 epilepsy-related deaths were identified across Scotland; 1185 (62%) decedents were hospitalized for seizures in the years leading up to death, yet only 518 (27%) were seen in a neurology clinic during the same period. MR remained unchanged over time, ranging from 5.9 to 8.7 per 100 000 Scottish population (95% confidence interval [CI] = −.05 to.66 per 100 000 for annual change in MR). Mortality ratios were significantly increased in young adults aged 16–54 years (2.3, 95% CI = 1.8–2.8), peaking at age 16–24 years (5.3, 95% CI = 1.8–8.8). Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) constituted 30% of the 553 young adult epilepsy-related deaths, with several other non-SUDEP fatal mechanisms identified including aspiration pneumonia, cardiac arrest, AED or narcotic poisoning, drowning, and alcohol dependence. Seventy-six percent of young adult epilepsy-related deaths were potentially avoidable. Significance: Epilepsy-related deaths are a major public health problem in Scotland, given that they are not reducing, people are dying young, and many deaths are potentially avoidable. SUDEP is only one of several important mechanisms by which epilepsy-related deaths are occurring in young adults. Services may need to be re-evaluated to improve specialist referral following seizure-related hospital admissions. ER  - 
Implementation of an older adult epilepsy clinic utilizing pharmacist services$$$ Background: Antiseizure medications are commonly associated with adverse effects including behavioral and cognitive issues, drug interactions, idiosyncratic reactions, and long-term complications, which can lead to non-adherence. At the same time, there are limited reports describing multidisciplinary models of epilepsy care that include pharmacists. Objective: To describe the pharmacist services in an epilepsy clinic for older adults and document the patient care delivered using this design. Practice Description: A subspecialty older adult epilepsy clinic, embedded within a neurology clinic, in an urban academic medical center. Practice Innovation: Integration of pharmacy services to document medication history, provide medication reconciliation, identify medication-related problems, and make interventions. Evaluation Methods: Data were retrospectively evaluated for the patients seen by the pharmacist and epilepsy team between July 2019 and January 2021. Data were summarized with descriptive statistics. Results: Fifty-eight patients with a total of 94 encounters (70.7% of all specialty clinic visits) were seen collaboratively by the physician and the pharmacist. The majority of patients were African American (87.9%), aged 63.7 ± 8.2 years, and more frequently male (58.6%), and a high proportion had some baseline memory loss or diagnosis of dementia (53.4%). Medication reconciliation occurred in 94 (100%) encounters. More than half the encounters required reconciliation to the existing medication list by adding medication (55.3 % of encounters) or deleting mediations (53.2% of encounters). Presence of adverse effects was the most common medication-related problem identified (23.4%). Resolutions to the medication-related problems were also reported. Conclusion: The population of older adults with epilepsy is expected to increase in prevalence. Pharmacists are able to impact medication-related problems in a vulnerable, high-risk patient population. The multidisciplinary model we describe here can be used as a template to provide care in ambulatory care practices involving other neurology specialties with a high proportion of older adult patients. ER  - 
Clinical, laboratory and brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) characteristics of asymptomatic and symptomatic HIV-negative neurosyphilis patients$$$ Introduction: There are few studies concerning the differences between asymptomatic neurosyphilis (ANS) and symptomatic neurosyphilis (SNS). This study aimed to summarize clinical, laboratory and brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) characteristics of HIV-negative patients with ANS and SNS. Methods: Data from 43 HIV-negative patients with ANS and 59 HIV-negative patients with SNS were retrospectively collected from our hospital between December 2012 and December 2018. Results: Compared with the ANS group, SNS group had more patients that were male, age≥45 years, had brain MRI abnormalities, and exhibited higher serum/cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) TRUST titer, CSF WBC count, CSF protein concentration (P < 0.05). Multivariate regression analysis revealed that male sex, age ≥45 years and CSF TRUST titer were risk factors for SNS [odds ratio (OR) = 7.946,P = 0.001;OR = 3.757, P = 0.041; OR = 2.713, P = 0.002; respectively]. The brain MRI findings of 78 patients without comorbidities showed that ischemic infarct lesions presented in 17/37 (45.95%) of patients with ANS; infarct ischemic stroke (73.17%) especially multiple cerebral infractions (46.34%), cerebral atrophy (48.78%) were also common presentations in the SNS group. Conclusions: Patients with HIV-negative ANS and SNS presented different clinical, laboratory and brain MRI features. Male sex, age ≥45 years and elevated CSF TRUST titer may have an increased risk of developing neurological symptoms. Brain MRI abnormalities may present prior to clinical symptoms. Multiple cerebral infarctions without explained reasons or cerebral atrophy should alert clinicians the possibility of SNS. ER  - 
Teriflunomide: Pediatric First Approval$$$ Teriflunomide (Aubagio®), which was developed by Sanofi, is an oral immunomodulatory agent targeting the mitochondrial enzyme dihydroorotate dehydrogenase and available to adults to treat relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS). On 18 June 2021, teriflunomide received its first approval in this indication in pediatric patients aged ≥ 10 years in the EU. This article summarizes the milestones in the development of teriflunomide leading to this first pediatric approval for relapsing-remitting MS. ER  - 
The Impact of the COVID-19 Lockdown on the Quality of Life in Chronic Neurological Diseases: The Results of a COVQoL-CND Study$$$ Background: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic and lockdown period may induce an impairment in quality of life (QoL), disruption in treatment (DIT), and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in chronic neurological diseases (CNDs). To reach this information, a multicenter, cross-sectional study (COVQoL-CND) was planned. Parkinson's disease (PD), headache (HA), multiple sclerosis (MS), epilepsy (EP), polyneuropathy (PNP), and cerebrovascular disease (CVD) were selected as the CND. Methods: The COVQoL-CND study includes demographic data, the World Health Organization Quality of Life short form (WHOQOL-BREF), and Impact of Event Scale-Revised (IES-R) forms. Results: The mean age of a total of 577 patients was 49 ± 17 (19-87 years), and the ratio of female/male was 352/225. The mean age of patients with PD, HA, MS, EP, PNP, and CVD were 65 ± 11, 39 ± 12, 38 ± 10, 47 ± 17, 61 ± 12, and 60 ± 15 years, respectively. The IES-R scores were found to be higher in the younger group, those with comorbid disease, contacted with CO-VID-19 patients, or diagnosed with COVID-19. In the group with a high IES-R score, the rate of DIT was found to be high. IES-R scores were negatively correlated with QoL. IES-R total scores were found highest in the CVD group and lowest in the PD group. The ratio of DIT was found highest in the PNP group and the lowest in the EP group. Contact with CO-VID-19 patients was high in the EP and HA group. Conclusions: The results of the COVQoL-CND study showed that lockdown causes posttraumatic stress and deterioration in the QoL in CND. ER  - 
Epidemiology, investigation, management, and outcome of headache in emergency departments (HEAD study)—A multinational observational study$$$ Objective: To describe the epidemiology of nontraumatic headache in adults presenting to emergency departments (EDs). Background: Headache is a common reason for presentation to EDs. Little is known about the epidemiology, investigation, and treatment of nontraumatic headache in patients attending EDs internationally. Methods: An international, multicenter, observational, cross-sectional study was conducted over one calendar month in 2019. Participants were adults (≥18 years) with nontraumatic headache as the main presenting complaint. Exclusion criteria were recent head trauma, missing records, interhospital transfers, re-presentation with same headache as a recent visit, and headache as an associated symptom. Data collected included demographics, clinical assessment, investigation, treatment, and outcome. Results: We enrolled 4536 patients (67 hospitals, 10 countries). “Thunderclap” onset was noted in 14.2% of cases (644/4536). Headache was rated as severe in 27.2% (1235/4536). New neurological examination findings were uncommon (3.2%; 147/4536). Head computed tomography (CT) was performed in 36.6% of patients (1661/4536), of which 9.9% showed clinically important pathology (165/1661). There was substantial variation in CT scan utilization between countries (15.9%–75.0%). More than 30 different diagnoses were made. Presumed nonmigraine benign headache accounted for 45.4% of cases (2058/4536) with another 24.3% classified as migraine (1101/4536). A small subgroup of patients have a serious secondary cause for their headache (7.1%; 323/4536) with subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), stroke, neoplasm, non-SAH intracranial hemorrhage/hematoma, and meningitis accounting for about 1% each. Most patients were treated with simple analgesics (paracetamol, aspirin, or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents). Most patients were discharged home (83.8%; 3792/4526). In-hospital mortality was 0.3% (11/4526). Conclusion: Diagnosis and management of headache in the ED is challenging. A small group of patients have a serious secondary cause for their symptoms. There is wide variation in the use of neuroimaging and treatments. Further work is needed to understand the variation in practice and to better inform international guidelines regarding emergent neuroimaging and treatment. ER  - 
Bipolar patients and bullous pemphigoid after risperidone long-acting injectable: A case report and a review of the literature$$$ Neuropsychiatric disorders are found to be associated with bullous pemphigoid (BP), an autoimmune subepidermal blistering disease. Antipsychotics have emerged as possible inducing factors of BP. However, large sample studies concerning BP associated with antipsychotics, as well as with specific mental disorders, are still lacking. Our review retrieved a few clinical studies and case reports on the topic, producing controversial results. We report for the first time a bipolar patient case presenting BP following five-month therapy with risperidone long-acting injectable (LAI). We hypothesize that the dermatological event is associated with the medication administered. The issue emerged during psychiatric consultation and was confirmed by histological examination, direct and indirect immunofluorescence studies, plus positive plasma and cutaneous BP180 and BP230 IgG. Neurodegeneration or neuroinflammation might represent a primary process leading to a cross-reactive immune response between neural and cutaneous antigens and contributing to self-tolerance failure. Furthermore, the time sequence of the shared biological mechanisms leading to clinical manifestations of the neuropsychiatric disorder and BP remains undefined. BP comorbid with bipolar disorder might occasionally represent a serious health risk and affect patients’ physical and psychosocial quality of life. Thus, clinicians treating psychiatric patients should consider BP as a possible adverse effect of psychotropic medications. ER  - 
Increased prevalence of neuropsychiatric disorders during covid‐19 pandemic in people needing a non‐deferrable neurological evaluation$$$ Background: The novel coronavirus disease of 2019 (COVID‐19) outbreak provoked a pro-found healthcare system reorganization. This study aimed to compare the reasons for requesting a non‐deferrable neurological evaluation before the COVID‐19 pandemic and during the lockdown. Methods: Retrospective observational study including non‐deferrable neurological outpatients before the pandemic (pre‐COVID‐19 group, n = 223) and during the Italian second wave of the COVID‐ 19 pandemic (LOCKDOWN group, n = 318). Results: The number of patients sent for cerebrovascular disorders, headache, and vertigo significantly dropped between the pre‐COVID‐19 era and the lockdown period. While in the pre‐COVID‐19 group, the most frequent diagnosis was cerebrovascular disorder; neuropsychiatric disorders ranked first in the LOCKDOWN group. Moreover, the percentage of appropriate non‐deferrable neurological evaluations significantly increased in the LOCKDOWN group compared with the pre‐COVID‐19 group. Discussion: Our study shows a significant increase of neuropsychiatric disorders in non‐deferrable neurologic evaluations during the Italian second wave of the COVID‐19. Overall, cases were more severe and required a more complex management during the lockdown compared with the pre‐COVID era. These findings confirm that a careful approach to prevent the psychological consequences of the pandemic is needed, and long-term rearrangements of the healthcare system are desirable to guarantee appropriate management. ER  - 
Disability and life satisfaction in neurological disorders: The role of depression and perceived cognitive difficulties$$$ Background: This study assessed factors associated with disability and life satisfaction in a large cohort of 2246 Australian adults with neurological disorders who completed an online survey of mental health and wellbeing. It was hypothesised that depressive symptoms and perceived cognitive difficulties would be significantly associated with both outcomes, even after controlling for significant demographic/medical covariates (e.g., age, marital-status, employment, multi-morbidity, medication). Differences in profiles of four neurological subgroups (i.e., multiple sclerosis; n = 738, epilepsy; n = 672, Parkinson's disease; n = 263, and Acquired Bran Injury; n = 278) were explored. Methods: Multiple hierarchical linear regressions were run using cross-sectional data. Results: Depressive symptoms made a significant and large unique contribution to higher levels of disability (β = 0.333, p < .001), and poorer life satisfaction (β = −0.434, p < .001), in the overall sample and across all four neurological subgroups (β = 0.349 to 0.513, p < .001) Greater perceived cognitive difficulties were associated with disability in the overall sample (β = 0.318, p < .001) and across all neurological subgroups (β = 0.231 to 0.354, p < .001), but only life satisfaction in epilepsy (β = −0.107, p = 006). Conclusions: The findings underscore the importance of managing psychological/neuropsychiatric comorbidities in neurological disorders. ER  - 
Comparative efficacy of levetiracetam for epilepsy in school-aged children with intellectual disability and normal intelligence$$$ Choosing optimal anti-seizure medication (ASM) is very important in pediatric patients with epilepsy who attend school, especially children with an intellectual disability (ID). Levetiracetam (LEV) has proven to be an effective, safe, generally well-tolerated, broad-spectrum ASM in children. In the context of increasing use of LEV in school-aged children with epilepsy and ID, we evaluate relevant clinical data, including efficacy, safety, and tolerability in children with epilepsy and an intellectual disability (ID) or normal intelligence (NI). We performed a retrospective chart review of children and included 298 pediatric patients with epilepsy who were treated with LEV with NI (147) and ID (151). After 6 months, 96% of NI and 83% of ID subjects had a seizure reduction rate greater than 50% (p = 0.031). The tolerability of LEV was generally good, with 75% retention rates at 2 years in both groups and only minor side effects (under 15%). The retention rates of patients with NI and ID were 76% and 74%, respectively (p = 0.597). Thus, LEV showed considerable efficacy with minimal side effects and high retention rates and is an easily maintained and safe treatment option for pediatric epilepsy with ID. However, better-designed research studies are needed to clearly elucidate the efficacy and safety of LEV in children with epilepsy and ID. ER  - 
TPPU pre-treatment rescues dendritic spine loss and alleviates depressive behaviours during the latent period in the lithium chloride-pilocarpine-induced status epilepticus rat model$$$ Epileptogenesis may be responsible for both of recurrent seizures and comorbid depression in epilepsy. Disease-modifying treatments targeting the latent period before spontaneous recurrent seizures may contribute to the remission of seizures and comorbid depression. We hypothesized that pre-treatment with 1-trifluoromethoxyphenyl-3-(1-propionylpiperidin-4-yl) urea (TPPU), a soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) inhibitor, which has anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects might rescue status epilepticus (SE)-induced dendritic spine loss and alleviate depressive behaviours. Rats were either pre-treated with TPPU (0.1 mg/kg/d) intragastrically or with vehicle (40% polyethylene glycol 400) from 7 days before to 7 days after SE that was induced with lithium chloride and pilocarpine intraperitoneally. Rats in the Control group were given saline instead. The forced swim test (FST) was performed on the 8th day after SE to evaluate the depression-like behaviours in rats. The results showed that seizures severity during SE was significantly decreased, and the immobility time during FST was significantly increased through TPPU pre-treatment. Moreover, pre-treatment with TPPU attenuated inflammations including microglial gliosis and the level of proinflammatory cytokine IL-1β in the hippocampus; in addition, neuronal and dendritic spine loss in the subfields of hippocampus was selectively rescued, and the expression of NR1 subunit of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor, ERK1/2, CREB, and their phosphorylated forms involved in the dendritic spine development were all significantly increased. We concluded that pre-treatment with TPPU attenuated seizures severity during SE and depressive behaviours during the period of epileptogenesis probably by rescuing dendritic spine loss in the hippocampus. ER  - 
Cytomegalovirus infection in infancy may increase the risk of subsequent epilepsy and autism spectrum disorder in childhood$$$ Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is a ubiquitous virus, and CMV-associated diseases range from mild illness in immunologically normal hosts to life-threatening diseases in newborns and im-munocompromised children. This study investigated the association between childhood CMV infection and subsequent epilepsy or neurodevelopmental disorders, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and autism spectrum disorder (ASD). A retrospective analysis was performed on data for 69 children with confirmed CMV infections (CMV infection group) and 292 patients with other infections (control group) between 1 January 2006 to 31 December 2012. The results indicated that the CMV infection group had a higher risk of epilepsy in comparison to the control (odds ratio (OR), 16.4; 95% CI (confidence interval), 3.32–80.7; p = 0.001). Epilepsy risk increased in younger children (age 0–2) with CMV infection when compared to the control group (OR, 32.6; 95% CI, 3.84–276; p = 0.001). The ASD risk was also determined to be higher in the CMV infection group (OR, 17.9; 95% CI, 1.96–162; p = 0.01). The ADHD risk between the groups was not signifi-cant. This study suggests that CMV infection in infancy may increase the risk of subsequent epilepsy and ASD, especially in infants younger than 2 years, but is not associated with ADHD. ER  - 
Clinical factors associated with work disability in epilepsy: A cross-sectional study at a tertiary referral hospital$$$ Objective: The impact of epilepsy on work disability remains unclear. The aim of this study was to determine the percentage of patients with epilepsy who are unemployed or on temporary or permanent disability leave and to analyze associated clinical factors. Methods: We performed an observational cross-sectional study of consecutively recruited patients with epilepsy seen at a specialized epilepsy unit or admitted to the epilepsy monitoring unit of a tertiary referral hospital. We analyzed the percentage of patients who were actively employed, unemployed, and on temporary or permanent disability leave. The groups were compared for sociodemographic data (age, sex, marital status, and type of work), clinical data (type of epilepsy, disease duration, monthly seizure frequency, and presence of anxiety or depression), treatment-related factors, and quality of life. Results: We included 742 patients (53% male, mean age 44.3 ± 13.7 years old): 40.5% were employed, 29.2% were unemployed, 19% were on temporary disability leave, and 11.1% had a permanent work disability. Depressive symptoms and poorer quality of life were associated with unemployment (OR 2.3, p = 0.02 and OR 1.8, p = 0.01), temporary disability leave (OR 1.4, p = 0.05 and OR 1.7, p = 0.02), and permanent work disability (OR 1.9, p = 0.01 and OR 2.2, p = 0.01). Low-skilled work was also predictive of unemployment (OR 1.9, p = 0.04), temporary disability leave (OR 2.8, p = 0.03), and permanent work disability (OR 1.7, p = 0.04). A higher monthly seizure frequency was associated with permanent work disability (OR 2.01, p = 0.02). Conclusion: Less than 50% of patients with epilepsy in our setting are working. Factors associated with unemployment and work disability are a higher frequency of seizures, low-skilled work, depressive symptoms, and poor quality of life. ER  - 
What every internist-endocrinologist should know about rare genetic syndromes in order to prevent needless diagnostics, missed diagnoses and medical complications: Five years of ‘internal medicine for rare genetic syndromes’$$$ Patients with complex rare genetic syndromes (CRGS) have combined medical problems affecting multiple organ systems. Pediatric multidisciplinary (MD) care has improved life expectancy, however, transfer to internal medicine is hindered by the lack of adequate MD care for adults. We have launched an MD outpatient clinic providing syndrome-specific care for adults with CRGS, which, to our knowledge, is the first one worldwide in the field of internal medicine. Between 2015 and 2020, we have treated 720 adults with over 60 syndromes. Eighty-nine percent of the syndromes were associated with endocrine problems. We describe case series of missed diagnoses and patients who had undergone extensive diagnostic testing for symptoms that could actually be explained by their syndrome. Based on our experiences and review of the literature, we provide an algorithm for the clinical approach of health problems in CRGS adults. We conclude that missed diagnoses and needless invasive tests seem common in CRGS adults. Due to the increased life expectancy, an increasing number of patients with CRGS will transfer to adult endocrinology. Internist-endocrinologists (in training) should be aware of their special needs and medical pitfalls of CRGS will help prevent the burden of unnecessary diagnostics and under- and overtreatment. ER  - 
Use of drug claims data and a medication risk score to assess the impact of cyp2d6 drug interactions among opioid users on healthcare costs$$$ Cytochrome P450 2D6 (CYP2D6) activity is highly variable due to several factors, including genetic polymorphisms and drug-drug-gene interactions. Hydrocodone, oxycodone, codeine, and tramadol the most commonly prescribed CYP2D6-activated opioids for pain. However, the co-administration of CYP2D6 interacting drugs can modulate CYP2D6-medicated activation of these opioids, affecting drug analgesia, effectiveness, and safety, and can impact healthcare costs. A retrospective, observational cohort analysis was performed in a large (n = 50,843) adult population. This study used drug claims data to derive medication risk scores and matching propensity scores to estimate the effects of opioid use and drug-drug interactions (DDIs) on medical expenditures. 4088 individuals were identified as opioid users; 95% of those were prescribed CYP2D6-activated opioids. Among those, 15% were identified as being at risk for DDIs. Opioid users had a significant increase in yearly medical expenditure compared to non-opioid users ($2457 vs. $1210). In matched individuals, average healthcare expenditures were higher for opioid users with DDIs compared to those without DDIs ($7841 vs. $5625). The derived medication risk score was higher in CYP2D6 opioid users with interacting drug(s) compared to no DDI (15 vs. 12). Higher costs associated with CYP2D6 opioid use under DDI conditions suggest inadequate CYP2D6 opioid prescribing practices. Efforts to improve chronic opioid use in adults should reduce interacting drug combinations, especially among patients using CYP2D6 activated opioids. ER  - 
Seizure frequency, quality of life, behavior, cognition, and sleep in pediatric patients enrolled in a prospective, open-label clinical study with cannabidiol$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effects of oral pharmacological cannabidiol (CBD) on seizures, side effects, quality of life, behavior, mood, and sleep in children with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) during a phase II, prospective, open-label clinical study. Methods: During a phase II expanded access program (EAP) study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of using cannabidiol (CBD) for the long-term treatment of children with drug-resistant epilepsy, secondary outcome measures were also performed, including quality of life (QOLCE), behavior (aberrant behavior checklist ABC), and sleep (children's sleep habit questionnaire, CSHQ). Participants between the ages of 2 and 16 years of age with drug-resistant epilepsy (n = 35) were included in this EAP. Primary outcomes included change in parent-recorded seizure frequency relative to baseline, as well as the safety and tolerability over the course of 24 months of CBD treatment. Secondary outcomes observed in the first 12 months included changes in child behavior, and cognitive function, and sleep quality. Results: The median change in overall seizure frequency decreased from baseline (n = 33) by −61.3% ([n = 33], Inter Quartile Range (IQR): 43–88%) at month 3, −62.9% at month 6 ([n = 29], IQR: 48–92%), −74.7% at month 12 ([n = 29], IQR: 64–96%), and finally −83.7% ([n = 28], IQR: 68–100%) at the conclusion of 24 months of treatment. Seven (20%) of the 35 patients enrolled withdrew from treatment and observation by month 24: 2 failed inclusion criteria at baseline, 4 due to lack of treatment efficacy, and 1 was lost to follow-up. The 12-month recording of secondary measures revealed a significant improvement in Irritability (-39.4%, [n = 28], ABC), Hyperactivity (-45.4%, [n = 28], ABC), Cognition in Quality of Life (+14.2%, [n = 28], QOLCE), Behavioral function (+14.7%, [n = 28], QOLCE), General Health (+14.7%, [n = 28], QOLCE), Sleep duration (–33.9%, [n = 28], CSHQ), Daytime sleepiness (–23.8%, [n = 28], CSHQ), and nocturnal arousals (-36.2%, [n = 28], CSHQ). Significance: The results of this phase II open-label study demonstrate that pharmacological CBD significantly reduces seizure frequency, and improves QOL, behavior deficits, and sleep disruption, in children with drug-resistant epilepsy. The results also suggest that CBD is efficacious in controlled seizures over a 2-year period in childhood DRE. ER  - 
Sex differences in seizure effects on social anxiety in persons with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We investigated sex differences in the effect of seizures on social anxiety in persons with epilepsy. Method: In this cross-sectional multicenter study, social anxiety was measured using the short forms of the Social Phobia Scale (SPS-6) and Social Interaction Anxiety Scale (SIAS-6). SPS-6 scores ≥ 9 and SIAS-6 scores ≥ 12 were considered to indicate social phobia and social interaction anxiety, respectively. The Patient Health Questionnaire-9, Stigma Scale-Revised, and Family Adaptation-Partnership-Growth-Affection-Resolve scale were also completed. A logistic regression analysis with an interaction term was used to analyze the data. Results: Out of 285 participants, a SPS-6 score ≥ 9 and a SIAS-6 score ≥ 12 were noted in 62 (21.8%) and 36 (12.6%) of participants, respectively. There was no difference in the prevalence of social anxiety between men and women. Intractable seizures and lack of seizure freedom were associated with a SPS-6 score ≥ 9 and a SIAS-6 score ≥ 12, but statistical significance was lost in the adjusted models. However, intractable seizures and lack of seizure freedom significantly interacted with sex for a SPS-6 score ≥ 9 (p = 0.018) and a SIAS-6 score ≥ 12 (p = 0.048) in both the separate and adjusted models. Specifically, intractable seizures tended to be positively associated with SPS-6 scores ≥ 9 than non-intractable seizures in men only (odds ratio = 2.602, p = 0.068), whereas lack of seizure freedom tended to be negatively associated with SIAS-6 scores ≥ 12 than seizure freedom in women only (odds ratio = 4.804, p = 0.053). Conclusion: We found significant sex differences in seizure effects on social anxiety. Intractable seizures were associated with social phobia in men, whereas lack of seizure freedom in the last year was associated with social interaction anxiety in women. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric comorbidities in genetic/idiopathic generalized epilepsies and their effects on psychosocial outcomes$$$ Introduction: Idiopathic/genetic generalized epilepsy (GGE) accounts for 15–20% of all epilepsy cases. Neuropsychiatric comorbidities and disorders, such as attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), academic failure, and poor social competence, are present at a higher rate in patients with epilepsy compared with the general population. In this study, we aimed to determine the frequency of neuropsychiatric comorbidities in GGE subgroups, and to reveal the risk factors in the patient group with neuropsychiatric comorbidities. Material and method: This hospital-based, cross-sectional study follows the Strengthening the Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (STROBE) guidelines. Patients with seizure-controlled GGE were invited to a semi-structured interview at the hospital. Variables [photosensitivity, valproic acid (VPA) resistance, timing of the neuropsychiatric comorbidities Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), oppositional defiant disorder (ODD), and low academic performance), seizure control, and timing of the antiepileptic treatment] were statistically analyzed and evaluated in terms of their association with GGE subgroups [Generalized tonic-clonic seizures alone (EGTGS), juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME), and juvenile absence epilepsy (JAE)], Results: Total 101 patients with GGE were included in the study and the mean age was 13.94 ± 1.66 years. A total of 12.9% (n = 13) of the patients had EGTGS, 49.5% (n = 50) had JME, and 37.6% (n = 38) had JAE. VPA resistance, photosensitivity, and the presence of neuropsychiatric symptoms before the starting of epilepsy were found to be risk factors in the GGE group with neuropsychiatric comorbidities compared with the group without neuropsychiatric comorbidities (p < 0.001). The subgroups of GGE did not show any relationship with psychiatric disorders, including ADHD, ODD, and low academic performance (neuropsychiatric comorbidities) (p > 0.005). No correlation was found between seizure control and decline in neuropsychiatric symptoms (p > 0.05). Conclusion: In this study, the onset of psychiatric symptoms prior to the onset of epilepsy, photosensitivity, and VPA resistance were the most important factors affecting neuropsychiatric comorbidities. The JME, JAE, and EGTCS subgroups, early initiation of antiepileptic treatment, and seizure control were found to have no effect on poor psychosocial outcome and neuropsychiatric comorbidities. ER  - 
Randomized controlled trial of moderate cardiovascular exercise for patients with drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Objective: The primary research question of this study was whether a moderate cardiovascular exercise program can reduce seizure frequency in patients with focal drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE). The hypothesis is that cardiovascular fitness will reduce seizure frequency in persons with epilepsy (PWE). Methods: Twenty-eight patients were randomized into two groups; exercise or relaxation. The exercise group were given an ergometric bicycle sent to their home to be used for 150 min/week, 30 min/day for 5 days a week for the study period of 6 months. Participants in the relaxation group were given audio muscular relaxation exercises to be performed for 20 min at least five times per week for the study period of 6 months. Seizure counts and exercise/relaxation sessions were registered daily in a written diary. Both groups received monthly motivational telephone calls. Seizures, anxiety, and depression symptom ratings (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS)), health status ratings (RAND-36), aerobic capacity (estimated VO2max), self-efficacy for exercise (SEE), level of physical activity, and adverse events were measured at the baseline and after the 6 months of intervention. CONSORT guidelines were followed. Results: Twenty-two patients completed the intervention. There were no significant changes in seizure frequency in either of the groups. Six months of moderate exercise did increase the level of physical activity and maximal oxygen uptake. Significance: Moderate exercise did not affect seizure frequency in this study. The patients in the exercise group did increase their estimated VO2max, which is an important indicator for health, without deterioration of seizure frequency. This was accomplished with only minimal support from a physiotherapist every month. To exercise at home at a moderate intensity level with regular support may therefore be an option for patients with epilepsy. The patients in the exercise group increased their level of physical activity significantly, which indicates that they were compliant to the treatment. ER  - 
Epilepsy stigma in the Republic of Guinea and its socioeconomic and clinical associations: A cross-sectional analysis$$$ Objective: We aim to quantify the degree of epilepsy stigma perceived by people living with epilepsy (PLWE) in the Republic of Guinea (2019 gross national income per capita, 930 USD) and analyze the demographic, social, and clinical factors associated with epilepsy stigma in this setting. Methods: A prospective convenience cohort of PLWE was recruited at the Ignace Deen Hospital in Conakry and evaluated by U.S. and Guinean neurology-trained physicians. A survey instrument exploring demographic, social, and clinical variables was designed and administered. The primary outcome measure was the Stigma Scale of Epilepsy (SSE), a 24-item scale with scores ranging from 0 (least stigma)–100 (most). Regression models were fit to assess associations between SSE score and pre-selected demographic, social, and clinical variables of interest. Results: 249 PLWE (112 female; mean age 20.0 years; 22 % from rural locales; 14 % of participants >16 years old with no formal schooling; 11 % seizure-free for >=6 months) had an average SSE score of 46.1 (standard deviation = 14.5) points. Children had an average SSE score of 45.2, and adults had an average score of 47.0. There were no significant differences between self- and guardian-reported SSE scores (means = 45.8 and 46.5, respectively), p = .86. In univariate analyses, higher stigma scores were associated with more seizures (p = .005), more depressive symptoms (p = .01), and lower household wealth (p = .03). In a multivariable model including sex, educational level, household wealth, generalized tonic-clonic seizures, seizure frequency, and seizure-related burns, only higher seizure frequency (β = −2.34, p = .03) and lower household wealth (β = 4.05, p = .03) were significantly associated with higher SSE scores. Conclusion: In this Guinean cohort of people living with poorly-controlled epilepsy, there was a moderate degree of perceived stigma on average. Stigma was associated with higher seizure frequency and lower household wealth—both potentially modifiable factors. ER  - 
Comparison of semiology in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures or with epilepsy in Puerto Rico$$$ Purpose: The aims of this study were to develop a descriptive profile of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in Puerto Rico who have been evaluated using an epilepsy monitoring unit. The other aim was to establish comparisons between the clinical manifestation of PNES and events of generalized epilepsy (GE). Method: A retrospective study was conducted to evaluate the information of patients who passed through the Epilepsy Unit in Caguas, Puerto Rico. In the first phase, sociodemographic information of 100 patients with PNES was collected. In the second phase, a sample of 51 cases was obtained; 37 cases with a final diagnosis of PNES and 14 cases with the diagnosis of GE. Observations were made with the objective of viewing and comparing the semiology and clinical manifestation presented through video encephalograms (vEEG) in both subsamples. Results: Patients with PNES and epilepsy demonstrated different semiological patterns. Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures is predominant in females (95%). Most patients with epilepsy presented a relatively short seizure (<2 min) compared with patients with PNES (79% vs. 46%). Patients with epilepsy showed a slow return to their baseline manifestation (100% vs. 11%). Specifically, having their eyes closed, extreme asynchronous limb movements, and rigidity were statistically significant. Conclusion: These findings provide evidence that the semiology of patients with PNES is different from those displaying an epileptic seizure. This study supports the idea that the semiology of Latino patients with PNES is similar to the characteristics reported in other countries. ER  - 
Factors contributing to comorbid depressive symptoms in adult people with newly diagnosed epilepsy: A 12-month longitudinal study$$$ Objectives: We aimed to investigate the point prevalence of comorbid depressive symptoms from the time of newly diagnosed epilepsy to 12 months and to identify the factors contributing to comorbid depressive symptoms over a 12-month period in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy (PWNDE). Methods: A consecutive cohort of PWNDE from the First Hospital of Jilin University was recruited. Depressive symptoms were evaluated using the Chinese version of the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy scale (C-NDDI-E). Multivariate stepwise logistic regression models were used to confirm the factors contributing to depressive symptoms in patients. Results: The point prevalence of depressive symptoms among PWNDE slightly decreased from 24.8% at baseline to 22.3% at 12 months. A MoCA score < 26 was identified as an independent risk factor contributing to depressive symptoms at baseline (OR = 2.419, 95% CI: 1.093–5.350, P = 0.029) and at 12 months (OR = 3.007, 95% CI: 1.223–7.390, P = 0.016). The adjusted OR for depressive symptoms in female patients was 0.365 (95% CI: 0.171–0.779, P = 0.009) compared with male patients. Depressive symptoms at baseline (OR = 4.539, 95% CI: 1.973–10.445, P < 0.001) were identified as significant predictors of depressive symptoms at 12 months. Conclusion: There was a slight decrease in the prevalence of comorbid depressive symptoms in PWNDE over the 12-month period after epilepsy diagnosis. Cognitive impairment and baseline depressive symptoms were independent risk factors for comorbid depressive symptoms at 12 months. ER  - 
Mental health and neurocognitive side effects after initiating elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor$$$ Background: The introduction of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) modulator elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor in October 2019 was a breakthrough treatment option for approximately 90% of adults with cystic fibrosis (AwCF) to potentially improve their lung and gastrointestinal functioning. Although mental health and neurocognitive symptoms were not reported among the adverse drug reactions observed in clinical trials, there have been numerous reports of such symptoms in the CF community after initiating elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ ivacaftor. Prepandemic data from National Jewish Health, the largest accredited adult CF center in the United States, was used to examine the prevalence of such symptoms. Methods: Given the rise of mental health symptoms during the COVID-19 pandemic, retrospective prepandemic data on AwCF from November 2019 to March 2020 were examined. Data on active elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ ivacaftor use and discontinuation because of side effects were extracted from pharmacy records of elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor shipments, electronic medical records, and adverse event (AE) reports. We excluded individuals from analyses if they were continuing to take elexacaftor/ tezacaftor/ivacaftor as part of the pharmaceutical sponsor’s extended clinical trial, had their CF care primarily managed at a different center, or were known to have moved away (therefore lost to follow-up) during this 5-month period. Results: Between November 2019 and March 2020, National Jewish Health had 357 AwCF actively taking elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor. Ten AwCF (3%) had discontinued elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor. Of those that discontinued, 60% reported a mental health or neurocognitive symptom, and 40% discontinued primarily because of a mental health or neurocognitive symptom. These symptoms included increased anxiety, depression, “mental fogginess,” and paranoia. Therewere an additional 6 AwCF with AE reports documenting increased anxiety, depression, insomnia, and seizure activity after initiating elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor who chose to remain on the modulator. Conclusion: Mental health and neurocognitive symptoms are a serious and unreported side effect associated with initiating elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ ivacaftor that has resulted in discontinuation of use for some AwCF. As elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor is becoming a regular part of many AwCF’s treatment plans, clinicians should be aware that mental health and neurocognitive symptoms may be experienced but should not avoid initiation of this medication. It may be useful to have psychosocial resources prepared to connect AwCF to a therapist or psychotropic medication provider should they experience such symptoms. Since this study was based on documented retrospective data, it is possible that the prevalence of these symptoms is higher than our reports, because some AwCF may have chosen not to disclose mental health symptoms with their care teams, experienced mental health symptoms but did not have an AE report filed, or did not have follow-up data because they initiated elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor at the end of our selected time frame. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression and suicidal ideation in persons with epilepsy during the COVID-19 pandemic: A longitudinal study from India$$$ Objectives: COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted healthcare services for chronic disorders such as epilepsy. In this study, the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on persons with epilepsy (PWE) with regard to their seizure control, depression status, and medication adherence was assessed. Methods: After ethical clearance, 449 PWE who had been previously evaluated for depression at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi, India, were telephonically revaluated using Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview and surveyed for source of medication and medication adherence over past 6 months. The prevalence and the association of depression, suicidality, and seizures during pandemic with different PWE variables were determined. Results: Out of 449 PWE, 70.6% responded. 19.9% were diagnosed positive for depression as per MINI while suicidal ideation was observed in 5.4%. Seventy six (23.9%) PWE reported seizures during pandemic. The incidence was greater in females, unemployed, previously uncontrolled epilepsy, polytherapy, altered use of medications, and depressed PWE. Seizure during pandemic, increased seizure frequency, previous history of depression, and altered use of medications were all significantly associated with depression during COVID-19 pandemic (2.6–95%CI, 1.45–4.73; 1.9–95%CI, 1.01–3.57; 8.8–95%CI, 4.54–17.21; 2.9–95%CI, 1.19–7.24), and polytherapy (2.9–95%CI, 0.92–9.04), seizures during pandemic (3.9–95%CI, 1.45–10.53) and previous history of depression and suicidality, were related with suicidal ideation. Conclusion: COVID-19 pandemic-induced disruptions can be detrimental for PWE, and restoring services to the precovid levels as well as putting appropriate continuity plans in place for care of PWE should be a priority. ER  - 
Risk factors for psychiatric adverse effects associated with perampanel therapy$$$ Purpose: To identify the risk factors for psychiatric adverse effects associated with perampanel therapy. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated the adverse effects of perampanel by reviewing clinical records from 895 Japanese patients with epilepsy (aged 1–86 years) who started perampanel therapy at National Epilepsy Center, Shizuoka, Japan, between June 2016 and December 2019. Patients were classified into 3 groups: those without adverse effects (Group I), those with psychiatric adverse effects (Group II), and those with common adverse effects (Group III). Results: The number of patients assigned to each group was as follows: Group I, n = 641; Group II, n = 93; and Group III, n = 161. The mean follow-up period was 458 ± 265 days (median, 511 days). Kaplan–Meier survival estimates showed that the median time to treatment failure was shorter in Group II than in Group III (294 vs. 392 days, respectively; log-rank test, p < 0.001). According to polytomous logistic regression, younger age (<16 years) was associated with a lower risk of common and psychiatric adverse effects. The risk factors for psychiatric adverse effects (Group II) were intellectual disability (adjusted odds ratio [AOR], 2.6; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.5–4.5) and psychiatric comorbidity (AOR, 3.8; 95% CI, 2.3–6.3); in patients with intellectual disability, the occurrence of psychiatric adverse effects was concentration dependent. Patients with lamotrigine use had a 0.54-fold lower risk of psychiatric adverse effects. In Group III, concomitant use of inducers was associated with a decreased risk of common adverse effects (AOR, 0.68; 95% CI, 0.46–0.99). Significance: We found clear differences in the risk factors for psychiatric adverse effects. In patients with intellectual disability, care must be taken when titrating perampanel, and therapeutic drug monitoring should be performed. ER  - 
Anti-N-Methyl-D-Aspartate Receptor (NMDAR) Encephalitis in Children and Adolescents: A Systematic Review and Quantitative Analysis of Reported Cases$$$ Objective: This pooled analysis, from a systematic review, examines anti-N-Methyl D-Aspartate Receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis presentation in children and adolescents. Method: A comprehensive literature search from database inception through December 31, 2019, using PubMed, PsycInfo, and OVID was performed. Case reports and case series were included. Sample characteristics are described. Prodromal and presenting symptoms between partial recovery and full recovery are compared. The association between presenting symptoms and abnormal MRI, abnormal EEG, and tumor presence are determined. Results: The sample (n=283) had a mean age of 10.8 years with 75.3% females. The most common prodromal and presenting symptom was seizure (29.7% and 63.3%, respectively). Partial and full recovery did not differ for prodromal and presenting symptoms. Multivariate logistic regression analysis found that (1) delusion were significantly associated with higher odds and aggressive behavior was associated with lower odds for abnormal findings on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI); (2) waxing and waning of symptoms were significantly associated with higher odds for abnormal electroencephalograms (EEG), and (3) increased age and psychosis were each significantly associated with increased odds, and sleep disturbance and orofacial dyskinesia with lower odds for tumor presence. Conclusion: Given the pattern of findings, routinely obtaining MRI and EEG should be considered for anti-NMDAR encephalitis in children and adolescents presenting with delusion and waxing and waning of symptoms, respectively. Investigation of tumors should be considered in patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis especially when psychosis is present. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life in children and adolescents with tuberous sclerosis complex and their caregivers: A multicentre cohort study from Germany$$$ Objective: This study aimed to measure health-related quality of life (HRQOL) in children and adolescents with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) and quality of life (QOL) and depressive symptoms among caregivers. Methods: Adequate metrics were used to assess HRQOL in children and adolescents with TSC (4–18 years, KINDLR) as well as QOL (EQ-5D) and symptoms of depression (BDI-II) among caregivers. Predictors for reduced HRQOL and depressive symptoms were identified by variance analysis, ordinal regression, and bivariate correlation. Results: The mean HRQOL score was 67.9 ± 12.7, and significantly lower values were associated with increasing age, attending special needs education, TSC-associated psychiatric symptoms, and drug-related adverse events. The mean QOL of caregivers was 85.4 ± 15.7, and caregiver's sex, TSC mutation locus, familial TSC clustering, special needs education, degree of disability, care dependency, presence of TSC-associated psychiatric symptoms, and TSC severity were significant predictors of lower QOL. Depressive symptoms were identified in 45.7% of caregivers, associated with female sex of the caregiver, familial TSC clustering, special needs education, and presence of TSC-associated psychiatric symptoms of the child. Multivariate regression analysis revealed adolescence and drug-related adverse events as significant predictors for lower HRQOL in TSC children, and TSC2 variants predicted lower QOL and depressive symptoms in caregivers. Conclusion: Compared with other chronic diseases, such as headache, diabetes or obesity, children with TSC have significantly lower HRQOL, which further decreases during adolescence. A decreased HRQOL of patients correlates with a lower QOL and increased symptoms of depression of their caregivers. These results may improve the comprehensive therapy and care of children and adolescents with TSC and their families and caregivers. Trial registration: DRKS, DRKS00016045. Registered 01 March 2019, http://www.drks.de/DRKS00016045. ER  - 
Risk factors associated with new-onset epilepsy in young adults: Population-based study$$$ Objective: Risk factors for childhood and late-onset epilepsy are thoroughly described in existing literature, while they are less defined and ambiguous for young adults. We aimed to evaluate the prevalence of various risk factors associated with new-onset epilepsy in adults aged 20–49 years. We included all incident cases in North Macedonia between 2015 and 2018. Methods: Study participants were ascertained through the nationwide healthcare platform. We performed a retrospective analysis of their Electronic Health Records and identified associated conditions which are considered putative risk factors for epilepsy. Results: Of 1691 included patients, 694 (41%) had at least one putative risk factor. The most common were neoplasms and cerebrovascular diseases (8% of cases, respectively), followed by intellectual disability (6%), alcohol/substance abuse (5%), and traumatic brain injury (4%). Infective and inflammatory diseases were infrequent in our cohort (1%). Other very rare risk factors included degenerative and metabolic disorders and malformations of cortical development (2%). Idiopathic (genetic) generalized epilepsies accounted for 7% of incident cases. Chronic alcoholism and illicit drugs abuse (dominantly opioids) were significantly more frequent in males than in females (p < 0.00001). Conclusion: Brain neoplasms and stroke were the most prevalent risk factors associated with new-onset epilepsy in young adults. Furthermore, adult-onset IGE were common in our cohort. The majority of patients did not have any of conventional risk factors and probably specific genetic causes might become increasingly recognized in adult-onset epilepsies in the future. ER  - 
Symptom-Related Differential Neuroimaging Biomarkers in Children with Corpus Callosum Abnormalities$$$ We aimed to identify symptom-related neuroimaging biomarkers for patients with dysgenesis of the corpus callosum (dCC) by summarizing neurological symptoms reported in clinical evaluations and correlating them with retrospectively collected structural/diffusion brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) measures from 39 patients/controls (mean age 8.08 ± 3.98). Most symptoms/disorders studied were associated with CC abnormalities. Total brain (TB) volume was related to language, cognition, muscle tone, and metabolic/endocrine abnormalities. Although white matter (WM) volume was not related to symptoms studied, gray matter (GM) volume was related to cognitive, behavioral, and metabolic/endocrine disorders. Right hemisphere (RH) cortical thickness (CT) was linked to language abnormalities, while left hemisphere (LH) CT was linked to epilepsy. While RH gyrification index (GI) was not related to any symptoms studied, LH GI was uniquely related to cognitive disorders. Between patients and controls, GM volume and LH/RH CT were significantly greater in dCC patients, while WM volume and LH/RH GI were significantly greater in controls. TB volume and diffusion indices for tissue microstructures did not show differences between the groups. In summary, our brain MRI-based measures successfully revealed differential links to many symptoms. Specifically, LH GI abnormality can be a predictor for dCC patients, which is uniquely associated with the patients' symptom. In addition, patients with CC abnormalities had normal TB volume and overall tissue microstructures, with potentially deteriorated mechanisms to expand/fold the brain, indicated by GI. ER  - 
Tolerability of antiseizure medicines using Lithuanian version of the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile$$$ Objectives: To develop and validate a Lithuanian version of the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LT-LAEP), and to evaluate the main demographic, clinical, and pharmacological determinants of its score. Materials and methods: We developed the LT-LAEP and examined its psychometric properties. People with epilepsy (PWE) were asked to fill in the LT-LAEP, the Generalized Anxiety Disorder scale-7 (GAD-7), the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E), and a questionnaire addressing key demographic and clinical information. Antiseizure medicine (ASM) burden was expressed as a number of ASM and total drug load. Multiple linear regression analysis was used to determine the influence of various variables on LAEP results. Results: The data of 157 participants with the established diagnosis of epilepsy and stable ASM regimen were included in the final analysis. The mean LT-LAEP score was 48.72 ± 13.65. High internal consistency (Cronbach's α = 0.912) and test–retest reliability (ICC = 0.801) were demonstrated. The most common adverse effects (AEs) were tiredness (24.8%) and memory problems (23.6%). Lithuanian version of the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile score significantly correlated with NDDI-E (r = 0.635, p < 0.001) and GAD-7 (r = 0.640, p < 0.001) scores. The correlation between LT-LAEP score and total drug load was weak (r = 0.243, p = 0.002). The significant predictors of higher LT-LAEP score were female sex (β = −4.768, p = 0.003), higher seizure frequency (β = 4.757, p < 0.001), and higher NDDI-E (β = 1.457, p < 0.001) and GAD-7 scores (β = 0.610, p = 0.007) (F(4,152) = 43.975, R2 = 0.536, p < 0.001). Conclusions: The LT-LAEP is a reliable and valid instrument for the evaluation of the AEs of ASM. A higher score of LT-LAEP is predicted by female sex, seizure frequency, and anxiety and depression levels rather than total drug load. ER  - 
Seizure control status and associated factors among pediatric epileptic patients at a neurologic outpatient clinic in Ethiopia$$$ Background Childhood epilepsy is a major public health problem worldwide. Even though anti-seizure medications (ASM) have been demonstrated to control seizures, children with epilepsy continue to have frequent seizures. There is a scarcity of data on seizure control status among pediatric epileptic patients in Ethiopia. The aim of this study was to assess seizure control status and associated factors among pediatric epileptic patients. Methods A hospital based cross-sectional study was done on 261 pediatric epileptic patients being followed up at the University of Gondar Comprehensive and Specialized Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia, from May 11 to August 11, 2019. The data were collected through caregiver interviews and patients’ medical records. All independent variables with p value of 0.2 in univariate analysis were taken to multivariable analysis. Adjusted odds ratio (AOR) with a 95% confidence interval was computed to see the predictors of seizure control status. Level of statistical significance was declared if p-value < 0.05. Result From a total of 261 patients, 159 (60.9%) were males and had a mean age was 10.16 ± 4.62 years. More than half (57.1%) of participants were urban dwellers. Almost all (98.5%) were diagnosed with generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Majority (75.1%) of the patients were on mono-therapy. Forty-six (17.6%) of the patients reported adverse effects related to ASMs. Two hundred-three (77.8%) of the patients were adherent to their medications. Nearly half (49.0%) of the patients had controlled seizures. Urban residency (AOR: 2.12; 95% CI: 1.15–3.89; P = 0.016), adherence to medication (AOR: 3.92; 95% CI: 1.84–8.36; P < 0.001), use of combined ASM(AOR: 0.29; 95% CI: 0.14–0.59; P = 0. 001), durations of ASM use [2–5 years (AOR: 5.81; 95% CI: 2.89–11.70; P <0.001) and >5years (AOR: 4.80; 95% CI: 1.91–12.09; P = 0.001)]were significantly associated with seizure control status. Conclusion Inadequate numbers of pediatric epileptic patients’ at the Ethiopian neurologic clinic achieved seizure control. Coming from a rural area, non-adherence to ASMs, use of multiple ASMs, and the use of ASMs for <2years were found to have a significant association with poorer seizure control, needing special attention to get control of seizure. Caregivers should closely monitor and address any barriers that contribute to ASM non-adherence and adverse drug events. ER  - 
Neuroversion: a possible mechanism of action of ECT in acute mania$$$ Abstract The first-line treatments for acute mania are lithium, antiepileptic mood-stabilizers, and antipsychotic drugs. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is reserved for drug-resistant patients, although it is the first-line treatment for severe or delirious mania with life-threatening physical exhaustion. Contrary to depression, there is a paucity of evidence for the use of ECT in acute mania. However, available literature indicates that ECT seems effective in treating acute mania, with response rates between 80% and 90%, even in drug-resistant patients. Yet, its electrophysiological and molecular pathways remain unknown. We present the curious case of a 63-year-old woman, followed at our psychiatric outpatient clinic for bipolar disorder type I, admitted to our inpatient unit in a manic state with psychotic features. Due to bradycardia episodes secondary to the psychiatric medication, she was submitted to ECT. After a single session, her symptoms improved, despite no evoked seizures. We compare this curious phenomenon to the well-known procedure of cardioversion and name it neuroversion – in other words, a possible normalization of brain activity and behavior triggered by a unique session of electrical stimulation. However, we acknowledge that further research, including randomized clinical trials, are needed to study this reported event. Keywords: Neuroversion, Electroconvulsive therapy, Mania, Bipolar Disorder ER  - 
GENET - A novel international research collaboration for the standardized collection and sharing of ECT treatment data and associated biosignals – Implementation, Application, and Findings$$$ Abstract Eighty years of ECT related research, ranging from controlled clinical investigations to genetics and neurophysiology, has greatly advanced our understanding of the basic and therapeutic mechanisms involved. However, several factors are known to obstruct large-scale retro- and prospective investigations of the basic treatment variables, such as applied charge or EEG-Length. Mainly, existing data collection procedures are inefficient at handling and exporting multi-dimensional panel data structures and EEG, ECG, or EMG related biosignals. Currently these can merely be analyzed by using pre-calculated parameters like the postictal suppression index or maximum sustained coherence. To address these issues, we focus on the standardized collection and collaborative analysis of longitudinal ECT-data and present a novel international multicenter research cooperation. Using a digital data collection tool allows for efficient storage and analysis of each patient’s treatment data, including biosignals like EEG, ECG, and EMG. Along with the collection tool’s added benefit of data transfer to clinical computer systems, several collaborative research opportunities arise and are outlined. Data of 191 patients suffering from major depressive disorder served as a longitudinal clinical research-usecase: We analyzed interrelations between trajectories of clinical impression, seizure quality, and stimulation dose across electroconvulsive therapy treatment by modeling linear growth using multilevel models. Furthermore, we introduce EEG analysis and machine learning pipelines allowing for feature extraction from multivariate time series data, for example seizure related biosignals, which may be used to predict seizure activity and possibly guide clinical decision making. We will discuss specific challenges of using a big-data approach to the highly complex ECT-treatment data and related biosignals, such as nested multidimensional and variable length time series data. Keywords: Electroconvulsive Therapy, Research Collaboration, Depression ER  - 
One Step Forward: Successful End-of-Treatment Outcomes of Patients with Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis Who Received Concomitant Bedaquiline and Delamanid in Mumbai, India$$$ Background: The Medecins Sans Frontieres Clinic in Mumbai, India, has been providing concomitant bedaquiline (BDQ) and delamanid (DLM) in treatment regimen for patients with drug-resistant tuberculosis (DR-TB) and limited therapeutic options, referred from other healthcare institutions, since 2016. The study documents the end-of-treatment outcomes, culture-conversion rates, and serious adverse events (SAEs) during treatment. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study based on routinely collected program data. In clinic, treatment regimens are designed based on culture drug sensitivity test patterns and previous drug exposures, and are provided for 20-22 months. BDQ and DLM are extended beyond 24 weeks as off-label use. Patients who initiated DR-TB treatment including BDQ and DLM (concomitantly for at least 4 weeks) during February 2016-February 2018 were included. Results: Of the 70 patients included, the median age was 25 (interquartile range [IQR], 22-32) years and 56% were females. All except 1 were fluoroquinolone resistant. The median duration of exposure to BDQ and DLM was 77 (IQR, 43-96) weeks. Thirty-nine episodes of SAEs were reported among 30 (43%) patients, including 5 instances of QTc prolongation, assessed as possibly related to BDQ and/or DLM. The majority (69%) had culture conversion before 24 weeks of treatment. In 61 (87%), use of BDQ and DLM was extended beyond 24 weeks. Successful end-of-treatment outcomes were reported in 49 (70%) patients. Conclusions: The successful treatment outcomes of this cohort show that regimens including concomitant BDQ and DLM for longer than 24 weeks are effective and can be safely administered on an ambulatory basis. National TB programs globally should scale up access to life-saving DR-TB regimens with new drugs. ER  - 
The evaluation of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) cases with saline injection method in video-EEG monitorization unit$$$ Background: It has been reported that 10 to 30% of patients sent to epilepsy centers with a diagnosis of refractory epilepsy are diagnosed with psychogenic non-epileptic seizure (PNES). A wide variety of provocative methods are used to assist PNES diagnosis. Objective: To investigate the effect of seizure induction on the diagnosis and prognosis of PNES. Methods: We retrospectively examined 91 patients with PNES complaints in our video-EEG laboratory. Intravenous saline was administered to all patients for induction of seizures. Results: Saline injection was performed in 91 patients referred to our EEG lab with PNES initial diagnosis, 57 of whom were female and 34 male. Saline injection triggered an attack in 82 patients (90%). Conclusions: In this study we have concluded that provocative methods are practical, cheap and, most of all, effective for patient diagnosis. In clinical practice, explaining the diagnosis is the first and most important step of the treatment, and careful patient-doctor communication has a positive impact on patient prognosis. ER  - 
Depressive Symptoms and Its Correlate Among Children with Epilepsy at Single-center Study in Oman$$$ Objectives: Epilepsy is the most common neurological disorder in children and comorbid depression is common. This study aimed to assess the frequency of depressive symptoms along with demographic and clinical factors in children diagnosed with epilepsy in a tertiary care institution in Oman. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted between June 2016 and August 2018 and included children (n = 75) aged 6–12 years old attending the epilepsy clinic at Sultan Qaboos University Hospital, Oman. The cohort constituted of children with epilepsy (CWE) following up at a dedicated unit. We used the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale for Children to assess the presence of depressive symptoms. Associated factors, including history of seizure in the last three months, compliance with antiepileptic medications, and type of epilepsy were also examined. Results: Depressive symptoms were endorsed in 52.0% of CWE and 96.0% were compliant to medications. Recurrent seizures were present in the last three months among 48.0% of the CWE. The type of epilepsy was significantly associated with the presence of depressive symptoms. Conclusions: Depression is prevalent among Omani CWE. Certain clinical factors appeared to increase the risk of depression among this population. The findings of this study fill a gap in the existing literature and call for further work aiming to explore possible tailored recognition and CWE. ER  - 
Visual hallucinations and sight loss in children and young adults: A retrospective case series of Charles Bonnet syndrome$$$ Background/Aims Charles Bonnet syndrome (CBS) is a complication of sight loss affecting all ages; yet, few childhood cases have been reported. Our aim is to raise awareness of this under-reported association occurring in children and young adults in order to prevent psychological harm in this age group. Methods A retrospective case series reviewing medical notes of patients <25 years of age with sight loss and reported CBS at a single centre hospital eye service in London, United Kingdom. Search of electronic patient records identified 13 patients experiencing hallucinatory events over a 9-year period. Outcomes were patient demographics including ocular diagnosis, visual acuity at time of onset, characteristics of hallucinations, clinical management strategies and patient-reported affliction. Results Eight patients were diagnosed with progressive inherited retinal diseases, primarily Stargardt disease (N=5). Clinical history indicated patients had significantly reduced best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA) in at least one eye at onset; median (IQR) worse eye BCVA was 1.0 (0.86-1.6) logarithm of minimum angle of resolution(LogMAR). CBS significantly affected patients' personal lives including education, diet and sleep. Clinical management was varied, mostly relating to reassurance at the point of contact. Conclusion We describe the clinical features of young patients with CBS, with management strategies and aspects of negative outcomes. High potential caseload and risk of psychological harm merit further research. Increased awareness among healthcare professionals and patient education to forewarn susceptible individuals may reduce the overall impact and improve coping with symptoms. ER  - 
Cabergoline in Treatment of Methamphetamine-Dependent Patients and Its Effect on Serum Level of Glial Cell-Derived Neurotrophic Factor: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Methamphetamine use disorder is an important public health problem, especially in the younger generation, and associated with various psychiatric, cognitive, social, economic, and legal issues. Cabergoline, a drug with dopaminergic properties and long half-life, has been considered for the treatment of stimulant dependence. The systemic use of cabergoline has been shown to increase glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) expression. Objective: In this study, we investigated the effects of cabergoline on the serum level of GDNF and its effect on abstaining from methamphetamine in individuals treated for methamphetamine use disorder. Method: Sixty male subjects with methamphetamine use disorder were randomly assigned to 2 groups receiving cabergoline and placebo, respectively. During a 12-week follow-up, we compared the serum level of GDNF, urine test results for methamphetamine use, and depression scale between the 2 groups. Results: We found that serum GDNF was lower in subjects who used methamphetamine than healthy subjects (p < 0.0001). However, the serum level of GDNF was not associated with cabergoline use. The rising number of cases testing positive in the placebo group showed a trend resulting in no significant difference between cases testing positive and negative (p = 0.585) at the end of week 12. In the verum group, however, the significantly high number of cases who tested negative - sober - for substances observed in early stages (weeks 7-8) continued to remain significantly higher till the end of the study (p = 0.043), resembling an association between treatment with cabergoline and remaining sober. Although reduced during treatment, recovery from depression was not associated with cabergoline treatment. Conclusion: The findings of this study confirmed the effect of cabergoline in reducing methamphetamine use. However, a serum level of the GDNF increase, as seen in animal studies, was not associated with cabergoline treatment of human subjects. This study was registered at the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (TRN:IRCT2015050422077N1, October 06, 2015, https://en.irct.ir/trial/19134). ER  - 
Moderators of treatment effects and predictors of outcome in the CODES randomised controlled trial for adults with dissociative seizures$$$ Purpose: We investigated moderators of CBT treatment effects and predictors of outcome over a 12-month follow-up period in the CODES Trial which compared cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) plus standardised medical care (SMC) vs SMC-alone for dissociative seizures (DS). Method: We examined whether baseline variables (including DS-related measures, socio-demographic characteristics and psychological distress/psychiatric diagnoses on the Mini-International Neuropsychaitric Interview - M.I.N.I.) moderated treatment effects at 12 months post-randomisation. Outcomes examined were: monthly DS frequency, psychosocial functioning (Work and Social Adjustment Scale - WSAS), quality of life (Mental Component Summary (MCS) and Physical Component Summary (PCS) scores from the SF-12v2). Where moderating (interaction with treatment) effects were absent, we explored whether baseline variables predicted overall outcome. Result: At p < 0.05, the effect of CBT on DS frequency was moderated by somatic symptoms and current M.I.N.I. diagnosis. Greater reductions in DS frequency were associated with more baseline somatic symptoms and the presence of ≥1 M.I.N.I. current diagnosis. Adjusting for baseline levels worse WSAS scores, irrespective of treatment, were predicted by longer DS disorder duration, older age at DS onset, unemployment status, receiving state benefits and having higher somatic symptom, anxiety and depression scores or lower educational qualifications. The effect of CBT on PCS scores was moderated by gender. Women in the CBT+SMC group showed greater improvement than men. Adjusting for baseline levels, predictors of PCS scores, irrespective of treatment, were similar to those for the WSAS. Adjusting for baseline levels, worse MCS scores were predicted by receipt of state benefits, higher anxiety and depression scores and having a weaker belief in the diagnosis and in CBT as a logical treatment for DS. Conclusions: Somatic symptoms and comorbid psychiatric diagnoses interacted with treatment whereby CBT was more likely to reduce DS frequency. Accessing treatment earlier may help in reducing psychosocial deterioration. ER  - 
Childhood trauma profiles in epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and epileptic seizures (ES) are similar in clinical presentations, leading to the risk of misdiagnosis. Given that childhood trauma is thought to be part of the PNES aetiology in some cases, this study aimed to determine whether patients with PNES and ES possess different childhood trauma profiles and whether childhood trauma history could be used for screening to help distinguish PNES in clinical settings. Method: Data were collected from two sources: a retrospective discovery cohort comprising patients who were admitted to a video-EEG monitoring (VEM) unit between 2014 and 2017 (nES = 144, nPNES = 59), and a prospective validation cohort comprising patients admitted for VEM between 2018 and 2019 (nES = 172, nPNES = 37). All participants completed the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ). Result: Confirmatory factor analyses evaluated and supported the purported five-domain measurement model of the CTQ in both cohorts. CTQ profile differences between the two patient groups were investigated using general linear mixed-effects models. A diagnostic group by CTQ domain interaction effect was founded in the retrospective discovery cohort (p = .02) and verified in the prospective validation cohort (p = .005). The two cohorts demonstrated consistent CTQ profile differences between patients, with PNES having higher scores on emotional abuse, emotional neglect, and sexual abuse than the ES group. Logistic regression models showed that patients who endorse a more severe childhood trauma history of any type show a higher risk for PNES diagnosis than ES. Conclusions: These findings support incorporating a childhood trauma screening tool into routine clinical workflow to aid early identification of PNES from ES, to facilitate early treatment and better prognosis for people with PNES. The different childhood trauma profiles suggest the relevance of trauma type being pertinent, adding to the literature reinforcing association between childhood trauma and PNES. ER  - 
Benefit from the families' perspective and safety of long-term video EEG monitoring in pediatric patients$$$ Purpose: Long-term video-EEG monitoring (LVEM) is a useful tool, both for diagnostic and presurgical evaluation in children with epilepsy. Activation methods like sleep deprivation, and discontinuation of medication are frequently used, but carry the risk of repetitive seizures, seizure induced injuries, and status epilepticus. However, data regarding the safety of children in LVEM are still scarce. The objective of this study was to investigate safety and benefit from parents' perspective of in-hospital LVEM for pediatric patients. Method: A monocentric retrospective cohort study was conducted. All LVEMs performed in children (aged 0-18 years) from January 2016 to December 2019, were evaluated retrospectively regarding paroxysmal event rate, and patients' benefits using a standardized evaluation protocol. Rate of status epilepticus, injuries and other adverse events occurring during LVEM was investigated. Result: A total of 163 (88 boys and 75 girls, mean age 10.9 years) pediatric patients underwent 178 LVEM sessions, with a mean duration of 5.4 days. In 142/178 (79.8%) cases, LVEM activation methods were used, such as drug tapering or withdrawal (in 65.7%), sleep deprivation (44.9%), hyperventilation (27.0%), and intermittent photic stimulation (20.2%).The rate of habitual event detection was 69.1%. Patients or their families found LVEM helpful in 75% of cases. Significant improvements in the disease course were reported by 45% of epilepsy patients. Three episodes of non-convulsive status epilepticus occurred, representing 1.7% of admissions and 1.9% of patients diagnosed with epilepsy, while no injuries were observed. One infant was transferred to a pediatric ward due to a febrile infection. One case of thrombophlebitis due to infection of the intravenous line was also noted. Conclusions: LVEM is well-tolerated with a low risk of status epilepticus and injuries. LVEM is beneficial for pediatric patients from the perspective of patients and their families, even if patients are ineligible for epilepsy surgery. ER  - 
Have the mood disorders any influence over seizure control in patients with epilepsy?$$$ Purpose: To study the prevalence of mood disorders in patients with epilepsy and their relationship with seizure control. Method: An observational and cross-sectional study of patients with epilepsy who were followed in neurology outpatient clinics was performed. Patients were classified into two groups according to seizure control: good control (≤1 seizure/month) and poor control (>1 seizure/month) and demographic variables (age, sex, employment status and civil status), clinical (epilepsy type, crisis type, years of evolution of epilepsy), therapeutic (antiepileptic, antidepressant and anxiolytic drugs), presence of depression (NDDIE scale), anxiety (GAD7 scale) and quality of life (QOLIE10) were compared between both groups. Result: 152 patients were included. 53% were men with a mean age of 44 ± 11 years. 68% (n = 103) had good seizure control and 32% (n = 49) poor seizure control. 37.6% had depression (NDDIE>15) and 42% anxiety (GAD>10). 60% of patients with depression and 54% with anxiety did not receive antidepressant and/or anxiolytic treatment. The factors associated with poor seizure control were the presence of depression (OR 2.3, p = 0.02) and a worse quality of life (OR 1.8, p = 0.01). Conclusions: The presence of altered mood in patients with epilepsy is frequent. In our series; depression and a worse quality of life were related to worse seizure control. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy during COVID-19 pandemic and its correlation with adequate medical care$$$ Purpose: We aimed to evaluate the prevalence of depressive symptoms in persons with epilepsy (PWE) during the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown in Brazil and its correlation with epilepsy features and access to treatment. Method: We conducted a cross-sectional study, under the lockdown period and surveyed PWE regarding symptoms of depression using the NDDI-E. We assessed demographics, epilepsy-related variables, social attitudes/behavior, and access to treatment. Result: We assessed 320 PWE (77.6% women; mean age of 37.05 years [±13.77]) with a mean epilepsy duration of 18.46 (±13.42) years. One hundred and twelve (35%) patients reported increased seizure frequency; 80 (25%) had difficulties obtaining antiseizure medication (ASM); 43 (13.4%) could not obtain prescription; 140 (43.7%) had difficulties contacting their physicians; and 31.3% (100) reported cancelled appointments due to COVID-19 pandemic. The mean NDDI-E score during the lockdown was 13.15 [±5.50]. Higher scores were documented in women (p < 0.000), in patients who experienced increased seizure frequency (p < 0.002), difficulties accessing their physician (p < 0.01), and obtaining ASM (p < 0.000). Conclusions: The COVID-19 pandemic affected PWE access to the healthcare system. Depressive symptoms were more severe in patients with higher seizure frequency who had difficulties to obtain proper medical care. PWE are at higher risk for behavioral and psychiatric disorders that may be aggravated during stressful times and guarantee their continuous care is of utmost importance and a challenge during COVID-19 pandemic. ER  - 
Clinical factors related to work disability in patients with epilepsy: Analysis of a tertiary referral hospital$$$ Purpose: The impact of epilepsy on work disability remains unclear. The aim of this study was to describe the percentage of patients with epilepsy with unemployment, temporary incapacity of work and permanent work disability and to analyze the clinical factors of epilepsy related to work disability. Method: We performed an observational, cross-sectional study of patients with epilepsy visited in a specialized epilepsy unit of a tertiary referral hospital. We analyzed the percentage of patients who were active at work, unemployed or with work disability (temporary or permanent) and compared these groups of patients in terms of demographic data (age, sex, marital status, job qualifications), clinical data (type of epilepsy, disease duration, monthly seizure frequency, presence of anxiety or depression), treatment variables and quality of life. Result: 742 patients (53% male, mean age 44.3±13.7 years-old) were included. Of these, 40.5% were employed, 29.2% were unemployed, 19% had a temporary work disability and 11.1% had a permanent work disability. Depression and poorer quality of life were associated to unemployment (OR 2.3, P = 0.02 and OR 1.8, P = 0.01), temporary incapacity for work (OR 1.4, P = 0.05 and OR 1.7, P = 0.02) and permanent incapacity of work (OR 1.9, P = 0.01 and OR 2.2, P = 0.01). Low-skilled work was also a predictor for unemployment (OR 1.9, P = 0.04), temporary work disability (OR 2.8, P = 0.03) and permanent work disability (OR 1.7, P = 0.04). Variables indicative of greater epilepsy severity (higher monthly seizure frequency) were associated with permanent work disability (OR 2.01, P = 0.02). Conclusions: Less than half of our patients with epilepsy are working. Factors associated with unemployment or work disability were higher seizure frequency, low-skilled work, depression and a poor quality of life. ER  - 
Functional neuroanatomy underlying psychogenic non epileptic seizures. An Ictal SPECT study$$$ Purpose: The physiopathology and the neuronal networks involved in the psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) disorder still poorly understood. Recent studies have suggested that perception of autonomic changes such as heart rate and the level of attention changes prior to the PNES1,2. Ictal brain single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is a very useful tool to characterize brain regions involved in the episodes of PNES3,4. We hypothesize that changes of brain areas that are involved in the control and perception of autonomic changes together with changes in the attention networks and motor control networks will be seen during the ictal SPECT compared to the interictal SPECT. Method: Retrospective study conducted in patients admitted for characterization of seizures at the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit in whom an ictal SPECT was obtained during a PNES were included. Whole brain analysis, as well as hypothesis based analysis on networks of interest of ictalSPECT vs interictal SPECT was performed using SPM. Additionally, the brain regions related to other parameters such as the level of motor activity during the PNES (static vs motor PNES) and the level of EEG desynchronization were investigated using regression models in SPM. Result: Nineteen patients were identified (13/19 female, 42 ± 10 years old). Ten patients had both PNES and epileptic seizures. Fifteen patients had psychiatric comorbidities. PNES were classified as motor (7/19), non-motor (6/19) and mixed (6/19). Whole brain positive and negative uptake changes as well as changes in the autonomic control regions (insula, amygdala, cingulated gyrus) and attention control networks (salience network, frontal and dorsal attention networks) related to PNES will be discussed. Conclusions: Brain network activity identified with Ictal SPECT during PNES can contribute to identify the neural mechanisms associated to this disorder as well as to understand the different patterns of attacks seen across patients. ER  - 
Epilepsy and its mimickers in children referred to a dedicated first seizure clinic$$$ Purpose: We evaluated the range of diagnoses in children referred to the first seizure clinic of a tertiary hospital. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed medical records of all children referred to our first seizure clinic - that combines consultation and a routine EEG recording - between 2008 and 2018 after experiencing one or more paroxysmal events, possibly seizures. The initial diagnosis, made after the first consultation, was compared with the diagnosis obtained after additional examinations and clinical follow-up of at least one year. Results: We included 938 children (56.8% boys) with a mean age at presentation of 6.7 ± 4.7 years. In total, 312 children (33.3%) eventually received a definite diagnosis of epilepsy. In 60.6% of those the diagnosis was made after the first consultation. Epileptic abnormalities were seen on first EEG recordings in 63.1% children with a final diagnosis of epilepsy. In only two children, an initial diagnosis of epilepsy was rejected after follow-up. Half of the children with epilepsy were diagnosed with an electroclinical epilepsy syndrome. Childhood epilepsy with centro-temporal spikes, childhood absence epilepsy, and juvenile myoclonic epilepsy were the most common syndromes. Epilepsy etiologies included, among others, structural lesions (21.5%) and presumed or established genetic abnormalities (37.5%). Children without epilepsy often had staring spells, reflex syncope, sleep related conditions, tics, migraine, and breath-holding spells. Epileptic EEG abnormalities were seen in 4.0% of those in whom the diagnosis of epilepsy was rejected. Conclusions: One third of all children referred to our first seizure clinic were diagnosed with epilepsy. Fast and reliably diagnosing epilepsy in children who present after one or more seizure-like events remains challenging due to the variety of seizure mimickers and the moderate diagnostic yield of routine EEG recordings. This study highlights the value of dedicated first seizure clinics in the diagnostic process. ER  - 
No indication of different depression phenotypes in epilepsy dependent on potential risk factors$$$ Purpose: We examined whether the presumed complex biopsychosocial etiology of depression in epilepsy is reflected in different distinguishable phenotypes of depression when using Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) for screening. Method: In a retrospective study design, confirmatory and exploratory factor analyses on BDI data from 352 adult patients with epilepsy from a tertiary centre were performed. Using the resulting factors, a cluster analysis was calculated to identify possible phenotypes of depression within the group classified as depressed (N = 156 with BDI ≥ 10). Finally, factors were related to aspects of the epilepsy and psychosocial factors. Result: Confirmatory factor analysis could not confirm the three-factor solution of the BDI that was repeatedly obtained in non-epileptic samples by other groups. Exploratory factor analysis revealed two but highly correlated factors, named “Negative Affect” (NA) and “Personal Impairment” (PI) according to the constituting items. Cluster analysis identified three groups with depression with quantitatively rather than qualitatively different patterns. Notably, no connections to most of the considered etiological factors (e.g. clinical factors such as side/site of epileptic focus) were found. However, the factor NA was significantly connected to unemployment (p = .03), and the factor PI was negatively correlated with attentional-executive functioning (p < .001) and verbal memory performance (p = .014). Conclusions: Using BDI data from a huge patient sample, no differential phenotypes of depression in epilepsy were found. Rather, the BDI captures one single construct of depression in this population. Depression was related to the socioeconomic situation and cognitive dysfunctions but no other clinical factors. Future research should further examine the relationship between depressive mood, cognition and life conditions in epilepsy. ER  - 
COVID-19 pandemic in Istanbul: Seizure Frequency and Psychosocial Outcomes in Patients with Epilepsy$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study is to examine the effect of the COVID-19 outbreak on seizure frequency and psychosocial outcomes in patients with epilepsy (PwE). Method: This cross-sectional study was conducted with a total of 319 adult PwE. Data were collected online between 15 December 2020 and 5 January 2021. Data were obtained using the patients' information form (sociodemographic, psychosocial and clinical characteristics), Worry and Anxiety Questionnaire (WAQ), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and Pittsburg Sleep Quality Index (PUQI) scales. Result: The mean age of the 319 patients with epilepsy was 36.0 ( ± 11.1), and 53% were male. It was found that more than half of the patients were seizure-free before the pandemic (55%), and this situation was almost unchanged in the pandemic period (54%). It was observed that the COVID-19 pandemic mostly affected the social (80%) and psychological (67%) areas in the life of the patients, and the rates of patients with anxiety, depression, and sleep problems were also quite high (61%, 57%, and 37%, respectively). Nonlinear canonical correlation analysis revealed that pre-and post-pandemic seizure frequencies were closely located, and this implied that the Covid-19 outbreak did not directly increase the frequency of seizures. Moreover, PwEs who have problems in drug supply during the pandemic period, have more than 4-6 seizures a year, have the anxiety to intervene in a seizure and experience a depressive mood are more psychologically affected by the pandemic. Conclusions: It was determined that the frequency of seizures before and during the pandemic was similar, and the COVID-19 pandemic did not have a direct effect on the frequency of seizures. However, it has been observed that the psychology of patients who have anxiety about their seizures and medications and who cannot receive support from a health professional was negatively affected. ER  - 
Clinical and neurophysiological characterisation of ictal and sleep pattern in alternating hemiplegia of childhood$$$ Purpose: Our aims were to: 1) characterise the sleep phenotype of Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood (AHC), a rare monogenic neurological condition characterised by unilateral or bilateral hemiplegic and other paroxysmal events, including dystonic spells and refractory epileptic seizures; 2) explore potential sleep-wake alterations in brain states, as the remission of hemiplegia with sleep is a clinical diagnostic feature of AHC. Method: Retrospective clinical phenotyping and electroencephalography (EEG) spectral analysis were carried out in 5 adults with AHC. 10-minute samples of wake, light sleep and deep sleep from clinical video-EEGs for each AHC patient were compared with 12 age-/gender-matched control patients with well-controlled epilepsy and no epileptiform abnormality on EEG. Additional 5-minute epochs pruned before, during, and after hemiplegic episodes were analysed where available. Arousals were counted per hour of sleep and divided by the total number of hours of sleep-EEG available. Result: Preliminary spectral analysis suggests: 1) reduced alpha and beta power and increased delta and theta power during wake in AHC versus controls; 2) intra-individual hemispheric differences in ictal power (P = 0.024), with increased power contralateral to the clinically affected side, when lateralising signs were identified, during 10 hemiplegic episodes from 2 AHC patients; this was most prominent in the pre-attack phase. There were 97% more arousals in the AHC group versus controls (P = 0.00032) and the sleep-EEG was further interrupted by epileptiform activity and clinical events in 60% of the AHC group. Conclusions: Sleep is disrupted in adults with AHC. Given the risks associated with seizures from sleep, such as sudden unexpected death in epilepsy, and the restorative benefit of sleep in AHC, it is imperative that this is explored further. The presence of pre-ictal hemispheric differences in spectral power provides a novel insight into the neurophysiological signature of hemiplegia in AHC and a potential predictive tool for hemiplegic episodes. ER  - 
Insights from video-eeg monitoring: Semiological features of psycogenic nonepileptic seizures buenos aires argentina$$$ Purpose: Categorize semiological features observed in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) during Video-EEG (VEEG) monitoring to improve clinical diagnosis. Method: Retrospective observational study in patients(p) admitted to VEEG Unit. Hospital El Cruce and Hospital de Agudos Ramos Mejía (2016-2020). Recording of patients with PNES, with or without epilepsy, were reviewed. We evaluated the semiology and the presence of 19 semiological signs to classified it in four groups: Hypermotor, Akinetic, Focal Motor and subjective symptoms. Following psychiatric assessment was used: DSM-IV, SCID-I and SCID-II structured interview, EEAG and Beck Depression Inventory. Result: 330 Video-EEG studies were evaluated, 61p met the inclusion criteria, 47 (77%) women; mean age was 33 years (14 to 74), Educational level: Elementary or High school in 44 (83%). Singles 37 (61%) currently employed 12 (20%); 41p (67%) were classified in the PNES-only group and 20p (33%) in the PNES and Epilepsy group. Mean onset of PNEs was 26 years. Average time before diagnosis was 6 years, depression 32p(53%), anxiety 18p (30%). 98% were on medication with AEDs, mean 4 AED's. Number of PNES on VEEG were 4 (1 to 30), average time on PNES was 8.33 mn (1-60 mn) According to the semiological signs, 40p (621%) presented Hypermotor, Focal motor in 15p (25%), Akinetic in 14p (23%) subtypes. Multiple types of seizures were presented in 34p, (56%). Major semiological signs in PNES were closed eyes, asynchronous movements, closed hands, head movements, stiffness or generalized tonic clonic posture and body rocking (p < 0.05). Focal motor PNES were predominant in females (p < 0.05); we found a proportion 3:1 with female gender Conclusions: V-EEG is the study of choice for the diagnosis of PNES, since it is a dependent operator study, defining the semiological features of PNES results in a most precise diagnosis; we found that most of the patients presented with multiple and non-stereotyped events. ER  - 
Attention and executive deficits differentiate autoimmune TLE caused by limbic encephalitis from TLE of non-autoimmune etiologies$$$ Purpose: Patients with temporal lobe epilepsy caused by autoimmune limbic encephalitis (AI-TLE) are clinically similar to patients with temporal lobe epilepsy of non-autoimmune etiologies (NAI-TLE) but have a different prognosis and require other specific therapies. The objective of this study was to investigate if patients with these forms of TLE can be discerned by means of neuropsychological assessments. Method: Data from 103 TLE patients (n = 39 with AI-TLE and n = 64 with NAI-TLE, including n = 39 with hippocampal sclerosis (HS), and n = 25 with low-grade epilepsy-associated tumors (LEAT)), and 25 healthy controls who underwent comprehensive neuropsychological assessments were analyzed retrospectively. The neuropsychological characteristics (mean z-scores) were compared between groups using one-way ANOVA, independent-samples t-tests, and discriminant function analysis (DFA). Result: Significantly lower performances of the patients' subgroups compared to healthy controls were obtained for all but one cognitive domain (attentional, visuospatial, verbal memory, and nonverbal memory functions). Solely for executive functions, a significantly lower performance of AI-TLE vs. NAI-TLE patients was found regarding cognitive flexibility (p = 0.025) and verbal fluency (p = 0.018). DFA identified semantic verbal fluency (p = 0.001) and reaction time (p = 0.027) to be most appropriate to discern AI-TLE from NAI-TLE patients with HS. Group membership was correctly predicted for 74.4% of patients using cross-validation. Conclusions: Deficits in attention and executive functions, beyond the expected TLE-typical memory impairments were identified in AI-TLE patients that differed significantly from cognitive profiles of NAI-TLE patients. This finding allows to define which cognitive domains to focus on in the neuropsychological evaluation of AI-TLE patients and facilitates the choice of suitable psychometric tests in clinical routine. ER  - 
The effect of fear of COVID-19 on quality of life in patients with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: In the COVID-19 pandemia period, the effect of COVID-19 fear on quality of life was uncertain. This present study aimed to examine the effect of fear of COVID-19 on quality of life in patients with epilepsy. Method: This single-center, cross-sectional study was conducted with a total of 319 adult patients with epilepsy. Data were collected online between 15 December 2020 and 5 January 2021. COVID-19 Fear Scale (FCV-19S), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Worry and Anxiety Form (WAQ), and Epilepsy Quality of Life Scale-10 (QoLIE-10) were used for data collection. Serial mediation analysis was used to determine the indirect effect of COVID-19 fear on quality of life. Result: The mean age of the 319 patients with epilepsy was 36.0 (±11.1), and %53 were male. The mean duration of diagnosis was 16.0 (±10.6) years, and more than half of the patients (52.4%) were using two or more antiepileptic drugs. The mean scores were found to be 19.2 (range: 0-35) for FCV-19S, 40.2 (range: 0-80) for WAQ, 16.4 (range: 0-63) for BDI and 52.1 (range: 0-100) for QoLIE-10. Although there was a binary correlation between them, the fear of COVID-19 did not directly affect the quality of life. However, it was determined that the fear of COVID-19 increased anxiety and depression; consequently, the increase in negative mood decreased the quality of life. Conclusions: It was found that the fear of COVID-19 experienced by patients with epilepsy did not have a significant direct effect on the quality of life. However, it was determined that it had been an indirect effect on the quality of life by increasing mental health problems such as anxiety and depression that negatively affect the quality of life. In particular, this indirect effect was mostly on anxiety. ER  - 
Prolonged EEG recording in the evaluation of paroxysmal events at a tertiary paediatric neurology centre: Is it worth it?$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the indications and diagnostic value of Prolonged EEG recordings in children at a tertiary centre and determine whether it affects clinical outcome. Method: Children aged 0-18 years who had an EEG recording of > 1 h duration over a 6-month period were included in the study. EEG reports and electronic patient records were retrospectively reviewed and analysed. Result: 146 patient notes were reviewed. The mean patient age was 4.6 years, with 43% being less than 1 year. 49% were outpatients and 51% were inpatients, including 23% from ITUs. 53% of prolonged EEG recordings were requested to determine the nature of paroxysmal events. The majority (69%) of EEG recordings were of less than 6 h duration (range 1-68 h). 66% (96/145) of EEG recordings were abnormal. A habitual event was captured in 45% (65/145) of recordings, of which 37% (24/65) seizures and 63% (41/65) were other events. 69% of confirmed seizures were captured within 6 h, most often in children < 1 year. Motor features were most common in those with confirmed seizures. 69% of clinical management decisions related directly to the findings on EEG. In those with a confirmed seizure the most common outcome was a change in their medication (23/35 - 66%). In patients with other events, this led to a weaning of anti-seizure medications or commencing treatment for dystonia. Conclusions: Prolonged EEG is a very useful diagnostic tool which can help identify seizures, especially in sick children, thus aiding management. It helps recognise seizure mimics, preventing misdiagnosis and inappropriate treatment. We found EEG recordings of 6 h or less to be sufficient in the majority of patients for capturing events and to answer the clinical query in line with other studies. This has important management and resource implications. ER  - 
Design of the Non-interventional PERPRISE Study (PERampanel in patients with PRImary or SEcondarily generalised seizures) Conducted in Germany$$$ Purpose: Perampanel is a once-daily oral anti-seizure medication (ASM) approved in the EU for focal-onset seizures (FOS; adjunctive), with/without focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (FBTCS) in patients aged ≥4 years, and generalised tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS; adjunctive) in patients with idiopathic generalised epilepsy (IGE) aged ≥7 years. Data from prospective studies of perampanel in Germany are scarce, reflecting the use of perampanel as a late-line add-on therapy for highly refractory epilepsy, and limited data are available from patients with GTCS. PERPRISE (Study 509; NCT04202159) is a prospective, observational study investigating the efficacy of perampanel as only add-on treatment in adult patients with FBTCS/GTCS during clinical practice in Germany. Method: Patients are eligible for inclusion if they have a confirmed diagnosis of FBTCS/GTCS based on FOS/IGE with ≥1 FBTCS/GTCS ≤3 months prior to inclusion and are receiving perampanel as only add-on therapy to ASM monotherapy/substitute for one ASM during dual therapy. Exclusion criteria include known psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, previous perampanel treatment or simultaneous treatment with an investigational drug. Data will be collected at baseline and following approximately 6 and 12 months of treatment. The primary endpoint is 12-month retention rate. Secondary endpoints include seizure-freedom and responder rates, median change in seizure frequency, incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and discontinuation due to TEAEs. Results: Disease characteristics, medical history and perampanel administration will be reported; data will be presented using descriptive statistics. Subgroup analyses are planned to investigate the effect of titration rates/ASM combinations on retention, and the patient-reported efficacy and tolerability of perampanel. PERPRISE aims to enrol 300 patients; 108 have been enrolled by 16/March/2021. Conclusion: The study design of PERPRISE is comparable to observational studies of other ASMs during clinical practice and will help to inform outcomes of perampanel as only add-on treatment for adult patients with FBTCS/GTCS. ER  - 
Effectiveness and tolerability of perampanel in children and adolescents (own experience of Svt. Luka's Institute of Child Neurology & Epilepsy)$$$ Purpose: Analysis of effectiveness and tolerability of perampanel in children and adolescents with epilepsy in Svt. Luka's Institute of Child Neurology & Epilepsy. Method: We conduct an observational, open trial including 46 patients (4-18 years), divided into two groups: children (4-11 years, n = 29) and adolescents (12-18 years, n = 17). Etiology of epilepsy: structural focal epilepsy - 24; genetic epilepsy - 19 (Lafora disease, PCDH19, PHACTR1, SCN1A, CDKL5, etc.) and idiopathic generalized epilepsies 3 patients. Perampanel was used in polytherapy (44), in final monotherapy (2), in dose 4-12 mg at night. Effectiveness assessed as median reduction in seizure frequency >50%. Result: In children (4-11 years, n = 29) prolonged or temporary remission (effectiveness 75-100%) was achieved in 3 (10.5%), effectiveness 50-75% in 14 (48%), effectiveness < 50% or without effect - 10 (34.5%), aggravation of seizures - 2 (7%) of patients. In adolescents (12-18 years, n = 17): remission (effectiveness 75-100%) - 5 (29.4%), effectiveness 50-75% - 10 (58.8%), effectiveness < 50% or without effect - 1 (5.8%), aggravation - 1 (5.8%) of patients. Effectiveness of perampanel: in children (4-11 years, n = 29) (remission + effectiveness 50-75%) = 17 (58.6%); in adolescents 12-18 years, n = 17 (remission + effectiveness 50-75%) = 15 (88%); in general group (children and adolescents 4-18 years, n = 46) (remission + effectiveness 50-75%) = 32 (69.5%); significant reduction of epileptiform activity index in 43% of cases. Side effects were observed in 8 of 46 (17%) patients, including excitability, aggression, insomnia, drowsiness, psychosis, in 4 out them perampanel was canceled due to poor tolerance. The retention rate for therapy with perampanel for more than 12 months was 56% (26/46)! Conclusions: Perampanel was highly effective in 69.5% of children and adolescents with genetic and structural epilepsies, well tolerated and conveniently dosed. Perampanel should be used not only for resistant epilepsies, but much wider. ER  - 
Characteristics and risk factors associated with DSM-5somatic symptom disorder in patients with epilepsy: A retrospective case-control analysis$$$ Purpose: Somatic symptom and related disorders (SSD), a new disorder newly defined in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual Fifth Edition (DSM-5) was rarely reported in people with epilepsy (PWE). The study is to determine the prevalence, clinical features and risk factors of SSD in PWEs. Method: Adult PWEs attending our epilepsy center from 2020.7 to 2021.10 were screened for inclusion in this study. We underwent a structured interview to identify SSD in PWEs. Patients were divided into two groups depending on the presence of SSD. Clinical data including social/demographic, epilepsy-related, psychiatric status variables, quality of life, disability and direct health care costs were compared between the two groups. Least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) was employed to identify risk factors of SSD in PWEs. A nomograph was generated for assessing SSD occurrence. Result: One hundred twenty six of 524 PWEs comorbid SSD 24.05%. PWEs with SSD showed significantly higher WHO DAS 2.0 total scores (81.0 ± 24.3 & 60.9 ± 25.8, P < 0.001), higher direct costs (75679.2 ± 96632.9 & 45295.0 ± 88892.7, P < 0.001) and lower QOLIE-31 total score (46.8 ± 12.3 & 64.6 ± 16.1, P < 0.001). More of them experience current frequent seizures (more than once a month, 38.9% & 25.9%, P = 0.005) and RE (48.4% & 31.7%, P < 0.001), showing significantly higher NHS3 total scores (9.2 ± 6.5 & 6.7 ± 6.4, P < 0.001). Using LASSO regression analysis, presence of hippocampal sclerosis, number of somatic symptoms, GAD-7 score, seizure worry, medication effects, QOLIE-31 total score were identified as risk factors of SSD occurrence. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve revealed a satisfactory performance (area under the curve, AUC = 0.929). Conclusions: This study provides first insights into the prevalence, clinical characteristics and risk factors of SSD in PWEs. ER  - 
Transition of epilepsy patient to Neurology in Showa University, Japan.$$$ Purpose: To investigate the current status of post-transition epilepsy patients in Neurology and epilepsy patients at 15 years and over in Paediatrics. Method: From January to June 2019, epilepsy patients in the Department of Neurology and Pediatrics outpatient clinic, Showa University were retrospectively reviewed by medical records. Result: The number of post-transition epilepsy patients in Neurology was 53 (38 males and 15 females, aged 16-39 years). The seizure type classifications were 17 symptomatological generalized, 16 idiopathic generalized, 8 symptomatological focal, 1 idiopathic focal, and 10 unknown. Epilepsy onset was most often in 0-1 years (14, 26.4 %), and in 7-11 years (13, 24.5 %). The consultation routes were from our hospital in 26 cases, and from other hospitals in 27 cases. The age at transition was 14-31 years old, most often in 18-19 years and 20-25 years old. The reason for transition was patients' age in all cases. 22 cases (41.5%) have intellectual disability and 3 cases have developmental disabilities (2 ADHD, 1 ASD). The number of antiepileptic drugs is one in 26, 2 in 13, 3 in 6, 4 in 3 and drug-free in 2 cases. Disease control was relatively good, 34 having no seizures within the last 6 months, 3 with daily seizures. In Pediatrics, there were 4 patients at 15 years and over (15-22 years old). There were no epilepsy patients. They were cerebral palsy, spinal cord injury, hematological disease, and SLE. Patients other than spinal cord injury were referred to Internal medicine, Hematology, and Rheumatology. Conclusions: A number of epilepsy patients had undergone transition to Neurology. In Pediatrics, there were no epilepsy patients over 15 years in outpatient clinic during the 6-month observation period. ER  - 
Perspective of patients referred to Yoga center in a tertiary neuropsychiatric hospital: A cross-sectional retrospective study$$$ Background: Yoga has been extensively used as an alternative or complementary therapy in psychiatric disorders depending on the type and severity of the disorders. However, data related to perspective on yoga services and the benefits and adverse effects attributed to yoga by patients with major psychiatric disorders is lacking. Aim: The aim of the study was to assess feedback of the patients who attended yoga sessions at a Yoga center in a tertiary neuropsychiatric hospital. Materials and Methods: This was a cross-sectional retrospective study using a specific questionnaire to get feedback from patients referred to the NIMHANS Integrated Center for Yoga, at the end of their yoga training. Results: Two hundred and one patients' data were included in this retrospective study. Most of the patients were referred by the doctors. The yoga module for schizophrenia was most commonly utilized, followed by depression. On an average, patients attended 13 sessions. Most of them practiced yoga for 1-2 weeks and had missed less than 2 sessions. The great majority of the patients reported that practicing yoga helped them. Spearman correlation analysis revealed positive associations between improvement attributed to yoga and variables affecting quality of yoga services at the center, including the quality of yoga sessions attended. Overall health and sleep improvement also positively correlated with improvement attributed to yoga. A minority of patients reported adverse effects, although these did not lead to discontinuation. Conclusion: In this retrospective study of patients referred to a Yoga center in a tertiary psychiatric facility, the majority of patients with major mental disorders were able to practice yoga under supervision and reported significant improvement in symptoms with minimal adverse effects. ER  - 
Coping with autism during lockdown period of the COVID-19 pandemic: A cross-sectional survey$$$ Background: The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic is thought to have greatly impacted families of individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) due to lockdown, given lack of access to healthcare, therapy, and day-care centers. This survey was conducted to understand the magnitude of the impact of lockdown, and its effect on the health and behavior of individuals with ASD and their families. Materials and Methods: We conducted an anonymous online survey, disseminated to families registered with our hospital and collaborating centers. The survey questionnaire collected information on sociodemographic details, details of the patient's and parents' behavior and health during the COVID-19 lockdown, and treatment details of the patient. Results: A total of 153 families completed the survey. Of the 153, nearly half of the individuals with ASD had an inadequate understanding of lockdown, 54% had increased screen-time, while a third reported new-onset behavioral changes. About 40% received online therapies, of which 85% reported benefits. Of the 132 who answered the parent's section, 55% reported decreased interest and/or pleasure in doing daily activities and 43% felt depressed and/or hopeless. About 80% of families reported short-term positive changes such as improved speech, language skills, and participation in household chores. Conclusion: The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted routines, triggered behavioral issues in individuals with ASD, and impacted the coping skills of both individuals and families, along with the mental health and well-being of the family. Valuable suggestions to improve therapy services and clinical care using technology have been uncovered and need to be explored. ER  - 
Cerebral sinovenous thrombosis in Greek children: A single centre experience$$$ Introduction: Cerebral sinovenous thrombosis (CSVT) in children is a rare, often underdiagnosed but serious event. The risk factors in children include head or neck infections, prothrombotic agents such as oral contraceptives and a chronic systemic illness. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the clinical manifestations, neuroimaging findings, risk factors and treatment of children suffering from CSVT in a reference paediatric centre for thrombosis. In addition, we assessed outcomes after CSVT. Methods: Data were retrospectively collected for children with CSVT, referred between 2010 and 2020 to our hospital. There were 103 children that were used as controls concerning thrombophilic factors. The categorical variables were described by frequency distributions and compared with x2-homogeneity test. Results: Sixty-five patients were included in the study (58% males). The mean age of the children at the time of diagnosis was 6.2 years (SD 4 years, range 1 month to 16 years). The most common presenting symptoms were headache (43%), decreased consciousness (32%), vomiting (12%), seizures (15%), diplopia (6%) and torticollis (5%). Papilloedema was found in 14 children (21.5%) and intracerebral haemorrhage in one. The most frequent risk factors were infections (74%), mainly acute otitis media with or without mastoiditis (55% κατ 19% respectively) and chronic medical conditions, such as polycythemia vera, nephrotic syndrome, arteriovenous malformation, ulcerative colitis-3% each. The use of oral contraceptives was not documented. For the diagnostic evaluation MRI/Magnetic Resonance Venography was performed in 72.3% of children. CT was diagnostic in 24.6% of patients and one infant underwent Power Doppler Ultrasound. Thrombosis was detected in 46% of children on left side, in 34% on right side and in 20% bilaterally. The deep venous system (straight venous, vein of Galen, transverse and sigmoid sinus, jugular veins) was more commonly affected (75%). Notably, sigmoid sinus thrombosis (40%) was predominantly involved, followed by transverse (31%), while extension to ipsilateral jugular vein occurred in 32%. Multiple sinus involvement was found in 64% of patients. Interestingly, simultaneous localization in the transverse and sigmoid sinuses had an increased probability of being accompanied by papilloedema (p <0.05). Venous infarctions were noticed in two children, while one child with hypoplastic venous sinus had an abdominal peritoneal CNS drain. Laboratory investigations for prothrombotic risk factors were available for all patients. One or more prothrombotic risk factor were found in 18 of the 65 (28%) children. To be more accurate, heterozygosity for FVLeiden and FII20210A mutations were found in 8% and 5% of patients, respectively and homozygosity for MTHFR-C776T in 15% (without raised homocysteine). Thrombophilic factors did not attain statistically significant results, apart from a trend for heterozygosity for FVLeiden and FII20210A mutations in patients (in controls 5% and 3% respectively). All patients received anticoagulation (68% coumarin anticoagulants, 32% Low Molecular Weight Heparin) for a mean duration of 7.5 ±3.3 months and 18.8 ±32.4 months respectively, while 7 children still receive anticoagulation. The duration of anticoagulation therapy was based on clinical outcome and follow-up investigations. No patient developed hemorrhagic events during the therapy. Follow-up imaging studies were available in most of the children. Six children showed no recanalization on 3.5 ±0.5 months, 19 children showed partial recanalization on 5±3 months and 20 children showed complete recanalization on 7± 5 months. No child died or had persisting neurological sequelae, apart from signs of attention deficit disorder, during a median follow-up of 4±3 years. One patient underwent remission of thrombosis in other site (pulmonary emboli) in adulthood. Conclusions: Physicians should be suspicious of CSVT in children with otitis media/mastoiditis or chronic diseases, when referred for headache or other neurological signs. In a quarter of the cases a thrombophilic factor had eventually some contribution to the event. Longer follow-up may reveal the incidence of cognitive or behavioral disabilities due to CSVT. ER  - 
Health Conditions in Adults With Cerebral Palsy: The Association With CP Subtype and Severity of Impairments$$$ Aim: To determine the prevalence of common health conditions in adults with cerebral palsy (CP) and to identify associations with the CP subtype or the severity of impairments. Methods: A population-based, cross-sectional study of 153 adults with CP born from 1959 to 1978 (87 males, 66 females; median age 48 years 3 months, range 37–58 years; 41% with unilateral spastic, 36% bilateral spastic, 19% dyskinetic, and 4% with ataxic CP). Data was gathered through interviews, physical assessments, and medical record reviews. Results: The most common health conditions in adults with CP were pain 65%, upper gastrointestinal disorders 33%, dysphagia 29%, epilepsy 29%, and depression 27%. Cerebral palsy subtype was significantly associated with the presence of pain (p = 0.029), gastrointestinal (p < 0.001), and respiratory disorders (p = 0.006). A more severe physical impairment was associated with a higher prevalence of gastrointestinal disorders (p < 0.001), respiratory disorders (p < 0.001), and pressure ulcers (p < 0.001). Intellectual disability was associated with a higher prevalence of gastrointestinal disorders (p < 0.001), pneumonia (p = 0.001) epilepsy (p = 0.001), and pressure ulcers (p < 0.001), but with a lower prevalence of pain (p < 0.004) and hypertension (p = 0.043). Conclusion: The prevalence of several common health conditions is related to the CP subtype and severity of impairments, indicating that CP plays a role in the development of these health conditions. Follow-up of adults with CP needs to include not only impairments, but general health as well. Increased attention directed toward signs of gastrointestinal and respiratory disorders in individuals with either dyskinetic CP, gross motor function classification system (GMFCS) levels IV–V, or intellectual disability, is recommended. ER  - 
A phase 1/2 study of thiotepa-based immunochemotherapy in relapsed/refractory primary CNS lymphoma: The TIER trial$$$ Relapsed or refractory primary central nervous system lymphoma (rrPCNSL) confers a poor prognosis with no accepted standard of care. Very few prospective studies have been conducted in this patient group. This study was a multicenter phase 1/2 study that investigated thiotepa in combination with ifosfamide, etoposide, and rituximab (TIER) for the treatment of PCNSL relapsed or refractory to high-dose methotrexate-based chemotherapy. A 3 1 3 design investigated the recommended phase 2 dose of thiotepa for a single-stage phase 2 cohort by assessing the activity of 2 cycles of TIER against rrPCNSL. The primary outcome was overall response rate. The dose-finding study demonstrated that 50 mg/m2 of thiotepa could be safely delivered within the TIER regimen. No dose-limiting toxicities were encountered in phase 1, and TIER was well-tolerated by the 27 patients treated in phase 2. The most common grade 3 to 4 toxicities were neutropenia (56% of patients) and thrombocytopenia (39%). An overall response was confirmed in 14 patients (52%), which met the prespecified threshold for clinically relevant activity. The median progression-free survival was 3 months (95% confidence interval [CI], 2 to 6 months) and overall survival 5 months (95% CI, 3 to 9 months). Exploratory analyses suggest a greater benefit for thiotepa-naïve patients. Six patients successfully completed autologous stem cell transplantation (ASCT) consolidation, with 4 experiencing durable remissions after a median follow-up of 50 months. The TIER regimen can be delivered safely and is active against rrPCNSL. When it is followed by ASCT, it can provide durable remission and long-term survival. However, for the majority of patients, prognosis remains poor, and novel treatment strategies are urgently needed. ER  - 
Six-month sequelae of post-vaccination SARS-CoV-2 infection: a retrospective cohort study of 10,024 breakthrough infections$$$ Vaccination has proven effective against infection with SARS-CoV-2, as well as death and hospitalisation following COVID-19 illness. However, little is known about the effect of vaccination on other acute and post-acute outcomes of COVID-19. Data were obtained from the TriNetX electronic health records network (over 81 million patients mostly in the USA). Using a retrospective cohort study and time-to-event analysis, we compared the incidences of COVID-19 outcomes between individuals who received a COVID-19 vaccine (approved for use in the USA) at least 2 weeks before SARS-CoV-2 infection and propensity score-matched individuals unvaccinated for COVID-19 but who had received an influenza vaccine. Outcomes were ICD-10 codes representing documented COVID-19 sequelae in the 6 months after a confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection (recorded between January 1 and August 31, 2021). Associations with the number of vaccine doses (1 vs. 2) and age (< 60 vs. ≥ 60 years-old) were assessed. Among 10,024 vaccinated individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection, 9479 were matched to unvaccinated controls. Receiving at least one COVID-19 vaccine dose was associated with a significantly lower risk of respiratory failure, ICU admission, intubation/ventilation, hypoxaemia, oxygen requirement, hypercoagulopathy/venous thromboembolism, seizures, psychotic disorder, and hair loss (each as composite endpoints with death to account for competing risks; HR 0.70-0.83, Bonferroni-corrected p<.05), but not other outcomes, including long-COVID features, renal disease, mood, anxiety, and sleep disorders. Receiving 2 vaccine doses was associated with lower risks for most outcomes. Associations between prior vaccination and outcomes of SARS-CoV-2 infection were marked in those < 60 years-old, whereas no robust associations were observed in those ≥ 60 years-old. In summary, COVID-19 vaccination is associated with lower risk of several, but not all, COVID-19 sequelae in those with breakthrough SARS-CoV-2 infection. These benefits of vaccination were clear in younger people but not in the over-60s. The findings may inform service planning, contribute to forecasting public health impacts of vaccination programmes, and highlight the need to identify additional interventions for COVID-19 sequelae. ER  - 
Epilepsy and mortality: A retrospective cohort analysis with a nested case-control study identifying causes and risk factors from primary care and linkage-derived data$$$ Objectives People with epilepsy (PWE) have a higher mortality rate than the general population. Epilepsy-related deaths have increased despite all-cause mortality decreasing in the general population pre-COVID-19. We hypothesised that clinical and lifestyle factors may identify people more at risk. Design We used a retrospective cohort study to explore cause of death and a nested case-control study to identify risk factors. Setting We explored factors associated with mortality using primary care population data from 1 April 2004 to 31 March 2014. Data were obtained from the Clinical Practice Research Datalink which compiles anonymised patient data from primary care in the UK. Cause of death data was supplemented from the Office of National Statistics when available. Participants The analysis included 70 431 PWE, with 11 241 registered deaths. Results The number of deaths within the database increased by 69% between the first and last year of the study. Epilepsy was considered as a contributing cause in approximately 45% of deaths of PWE under 35. Factors associated with increased risk of death included attendance at emergency departments and/or emergency admissions (OR 3.48, 95% CI 3.19 to 3.80), antiepileptic drug (AED) polytherapy (2 AEDs: OR 1.60, 95% CI 1.51 to 1.71; 3 AEDs: OR 2.06, 95% CI 1.86 to 2.29; 4+AEDs: OR 2.62, 95% CI 2.23 to 3.08), status epilepticus (OR 2.78, 95% CI 1.64 to 4.71), depression (OR 1.67, 95% CI 1.57 to 1.76) and injuries (OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.43 to 1.67). No seizures in the prior year (OR 0.52, 95% CI 0.41 to 0.65). Conclusion Our results add to existing evidence that deaths in epilepsy are increasing. Future studies could focus on identifying PWE at high risk and addressing them with clinical interventions or better self-management. Identifying specific risk factors for younger people should be a priority as epilepsy may be a factor in close to half of deaths of PWE under 35 years of age. ER  - 
Investigation of Anxiety, Depression, Sleep, and Family Function in Caregivers of Children With Epilepsy$$$ Objective: Epilepsy is a chronic disease that places a heavy burden on caregivers. Previous studies have shown that caregivers of epilepsy patients often experience anxiety and depression; however, few comprehensive studies have assessed their sleep quality and family function. Based on the current understanding of the anxiety and depression state of caregivers in children with epilepsy, we further explored the caregivers' sleep and family function and evaluated the predictors of the depression state of caregivers. Methods: In this cross-sectional online anonymous survey, we sent an online questionnaire to the caregivers of children with epilepsy who visited our hospital. The QR code of the questionnaire was scanned at the follow-up course to conduct an online survey. The questionnaire contained questions about sociodemographic and clinical information, the Self-rating Anxiety Scale, Self-rating Depression Scale, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, and the Family Assessment Device. Results: A total of 308 caregivers of children with epilepsy aged 0–12 years were included in this study. The mean age of children with epilepsy was 4.8 ± 3.18 years, and the average illness duration was 34.2 ± 29.18 months. Further, 47.1% of the children took three or more anti-seizure medications, and 43.2% were on ketogenic diet therapy. We found that in 77.9% of the cases, the subjects were the mothers, in 89% there was more than one co-caregiver, and in 51.9%, financial help was required. Further, 63.6% of the caregivers thought they could not get enough access to disease knowledge education, and 83.7% perceived epilepsy was a terrible disease. Our results also showed that 65.6% of the caregivers were in depression status, 41.9% were in anxiety status, and 49.0% had poor sleep quality. The proportion of unhealthy family functioning in each subscale was 45.1–96.1%, and the unhealthy behavior control function accounted for 96.1%. Binary logistic regression analysis of the data showed that without co-caregivers [odds ratio (OR), 5.193], free of anxiety status (OR, 0.063), good sleep quality (OR, 0.446), healthy family role dimension (OR, 0.344), and healthy family general functional dimension (OR, 0.259) were predictors of depression status in caregivers of children with epilepsy. Conclusion: Anxiety and depression status are common in caregivers of children with epilepsy, with depression status being more prominent. Moreover, a considerable proportion of caregivers had poor sleep quality and unhealthy family function. The caregivers' anxiety status, sleep quality, family role dimension, family general function dimension, and the number of co-caregivers were predictors of depression status in caregivers. In clinical practice, caregivers' anxiety and depression status, poor sleep quality, and unhealthy family functioning should be addressed along with the treatment of children with epilepsy. ER  - 
Efficacy and Tolerability of Quinacrine Monotherapy and Albendazole Plus Chloroquine Combination Therapy in Nitroimidazole-Refractory Giardiasis: A TropNet Study$$$ Background: Giardiasis failing nitroimidazole first-line treatment is an emerging problem in returning European travelers. We present data on the efficacy and tolerability of 2 second-line treatment regimens. Methods: This prospective, open-label, multicenter study assessed the efficacy and tolerability of quinacrine monotherapy (100 mg 3 times per day for 5 days) and albendazole plus chloroquine combination therapy (400 mg twice daily plus 155 mg twice daily for 5 days) in nitroimidazole-refractory giardiasis. The defined end points were the clinical outcome, assessed at week 5 after treatment and the parasitological outcome, assessed using microscopy of 2 stool samples, ≥2 to ≤5 weeks after treatment. Results: A total of 106 patients were included in the study. Quinacrine achieved clinical and parasitological cure in 81% (59/73) and 100% (56/56), respectively. Albendazole plus chloroquine achieved clinical and parasitological cure in 36% (12/33) and 48% (12/25), respectively. All patients (9/9) who clinically and parasitologically failed albendazole plus chloroquine treatment and opted for retreatment with quinacrine achieved clinical cure. Mild to moderate treatment-related adverse events were reported by 45% and 30% of patients treated with quinacrine and albendazole plus chloroquine, respectively. One patient treated with quinacrine developed severe neuropsychiatric side effects. The majority of nitroimidazole-refractory Giardia infections (57%) were acquired in India. Conclusions: Quinacrine was a highly effective treatment in nitroimidazole-refractory giardiasis, but patients should be cautioned on the low risk of severe neuropsychiatric adverse event. Albendazole plus chloroquine had a low cure rate in nitroimidazole-refractory giardiasis. Nitroimidazole-refractory giardiasis was primarily seen in travelers returning from India. ER  - 
Observational cohort study of the triggers, diagnoses and outcomes of the medical emergency team (MET) response in adult psychiatry inpatients colocated with acute medical services in Australia$$$ Objectives Medical emergencies in psychiatric inpatients are challenging due to the model of care and limited medical resources. The study aims were to determine the triggers and outcomes of a medical emergency team (MET) call in psychiatric wards, and the risk factors for MET activation and mortality. Design Retrospective multisite cohort study. Setting Psychiatry units colocated with acute medical services at three major metropolitan hospitals in Melbourne, Australia. Participants We studied 487 adult inpatients who experienced a total of 721 MET calls between January 2015 and January 2020. Patients were relatively young (mean age, 45 years) and had few medical comorbidities, but a high prevalence of smoking, excessive alcohol intake and illicit drug use. Outcome measures We performed a descriptive analysis of the triggers and outcomes (transfer rates, investigations, final diagnosis) of MET calls. We used logistic regression to determine the factors associated with the primary outcome of inpatient mortality, and the secondary outcome of the need for specific medical treatment compared with simple observation. Results The most common MET triggers were a reduced Glasgow Coma Scale, tachycardia and hypotension, and 49% of patients required transfer. The most frequent diagnosis was a drug adverse effect or toxidrome, followed by infection and dehydration. There was a strong association between a leave of absence and MET calls, tachycardia and the final diagnosis of drug adverse effects. Mortality occurred in 3% after MET calls. Several baseline and MET clinical variables were associated with mortality but a model with age (per 10 years, OR 1.61, 95% CI 1.29 to 2.01) and hypoxia (OR 3.59, 95% CI 1.43 to 9.04) independently predicted mortality. Conclusion Vigilance is required in patients returning from day leave, and drug adverse effects remain a challenging problem in psychiatric units. Hypoxic older patients with cardiovascular comorbidity have a higher risk of death. ER  - 
Evaluation of a Phenobarbital-Based Protocol for Severe Alcohol Withdrawal in Critically Ill Patients$$$ Background: Phenobarbital offers several possible advantages to benzodiazepines including a longer half-life and anti-glutamate activity, and is an alternative for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal. The objective of this analysis was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of a phenobarbital protocol for alcohol withdrawal newly implemented at our institution. Methods: This was a single-center, retrospective analysis of adult patients admitted to the medical/surgical/burn/trauma intensive care unit (ICU) with or at risk of severe alcohol withdrawal. Patients who were admitted prior to guideline implementation and received scheduled benzodiazepines (PRE) were compared to those who received phenobarbital post guideline update (POST). The primary outcome was ICU length of stay (LOS). Results: Upon analysis, 68 patients in the PRE and 64 patients in the POST were identified for inclusion. The median APACHE II score was significantly higher in the POST (4.5 [3:9] vs 10 [5:13], P < 0.001). ICU (2 [1:2] vs 2 [2:5], P = 0.002) and hospital (4.5 [3:6] vs 8 [6:12], P < 0.001) LOS were significantly longer in the POST. There was no difference in mortality or duration of mechanical ventilation. More patients required propofol or dexmedetomidine on day one in the POST (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Patients in the POST had significantly longer ICU and hospital LOS, and had a higher baseline severity of illness. Future research is needed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of phenobarbital compared to benzodiazepines for severe alcohol withdrawal. ER  - 
The First Unprovoked Seizure in Typically Developing Children: A Real-Life Setting in Southern Brazil$$$ Aim: To describe the first unprovoked seizure in typically developing children, its clinical characteristics, recurrence rate, and possible risk factors in a real-life setting in Southern Brazil. Method: In this retrospective cohort study, medical records of typically developing children aged 28 days to 14 years who had a first unprovoked seizure in a single tertiary care center were reviewed, in a 10-year period (2006-2016). Results: Seventy-four children were included, 41 males and 33 females. The most frequent age group of the first seizure was 5 to 10 years and seizure main type was focal (50%). Most seizures occurred while children were awake (70%). All patients underwent an electroencephalogram (EEG), which was normal in 44.6%. Neuroimaging was performed in 81%, in 2 cases the etiology was considered structural, the remaining was classified as unknown. Median follow-up period was 32.5 months. Seizure recurrence rate was 56.7% and age younger than 5 years was a possible risk factor. Interpretation: In the subpopulation of Brazilian typically developing children with a first unprovoked epileptic seizure there is a high recurrence rate. An abnormal EEG was a common finding, although it was not associated with a higher risk of seizure recurrence. A possible risk factor was age younger than 5 years, which may suggest a more rigorous follow-up of these patients. ER  - 
Sex Differences in Co-occurring Conditions Among Autistic Children and Youth in Florida: A Retrospective Cohort Study (2012–2019)$$$ Autistic children have a high prevalence of co-occurring mental health, developmental/behavioral, and medical conditions, but research on sex/gender differences has been mixed. We used Florida healthcare claims data to characterize sex differences (female/male) in co-occurring conditions among autistic children ages 1–21 (N = 83,500). After adjusting for age, race, ethnicity, urbanicity, and insurance, autistic girls had significantly higher odds of anxiety disorders, mood disorders, intellectual disability, developmental disorders, epilepsy, metabolic disorders, gastrointestinal disorders, and sleep disorders compared to autistic boys. Autistic girls had significantly lower odds of ADHD. The findings contribute to the growing body of research on the unique healthcare needs of autistic girls. ER  - 
Clinical manifestations and polysomnography-based analysis in nine cases of probable sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease$$$ Purpose: To summarize the clinical characteristics of patients with sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (sCJD), analyze its sleep disorder characteristics using polysomnography (PSG), and compare sleep disturbances with those of fatal familial insomnia (FFI). Patients and methods: We retrospectively reviewed the sleep disturbances; cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) protein 14-3-3 (CSF-14-3-3 protein); prion protein gene, PRNP; magnetic resonance imaging; and electroencephalogram (EEG) of nine sCJD patients Results: Of the nine sCJD patients, six were positive for CSF-14-3-3 protein. In the eight patients who completed diffusion-weighted imaging, seven showed cortical “ribbons sign” and two showed high signal in the basal ganglia. All nine patients had an EEG, which showed an increase in background slow waves; moreover, four showed typical periodic sharp wave complexes. The codon diversity at position 129, 219 of nine patients were MM, EE. Almost all nine patients had sleep disturbances such as insomnia, hypersomnia, and periodic limb movement disorder (PLMD). Five patients completed PSG, which demonstrated severe sleep structure disorder, prolonged total waking time, significantly reduced sleep efficiency, and absent rapid eye movement in some severe patients. Conclusion: Sleep disturbances are common in sCJD patients, manifested as insomnia, lethargy, and PLMD. The sCJD patients often demonstrate severe sleep structure disorder through PSG, which is similar to patients with FFI. ER  - 
Neurological outcome and quality of life 3 months after COVID-19: A prospective observational cohort study$$$ Background and purpose: To assess neurological manifestations and health-related quality of life (QoL) 3 months after COVID-19. Methods: In this prospective, multicenter, observational cohort study we systematically evaluated neurological signs and diseases by detailed neurological examination and a predefined test battery assessing smelling disorders (16-item Sniffin Sticks test), cognitive deficits (Montreal Cognitive Assessment), QoL (36-item Short Form), and mental health (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Checklist–5) 3 months after disease onset. Results: Of 135 consecutive COVID-19 patients, 31 (23%) required intensive care unit (ICU) care (severe), 72 (53%) were admitted to the regular ward (moderate), and 32 (24%) underwent outpatient care (mild) during acute disease. At the 3-month follow-up, 20 patients (15%) presented with one or more neurological syndromes that were not evident before COVID-19. These included polyneuro/myopathy (n = 17, 13%) with one patient presenting with Guillain-Barré syndrome, mild encephalopathy (n = 2, 2%), parkinsonism (n = 1, 1%), orthostatic hypotension (n = 1, 1%), and ischemic stroke (n = 1, 1%). Objective testing revealed hyposmia/anosmia in 57/127 (45%) patients at the 3-month follow-up. Self-reported hyposmia/anosmia was lower (17%) at 3 months, however, improved when compared to the acute disease phase (44%; p < 0.001). At follow-up, cognitive deficits were apparent in 23%, and QoL was impaired in 31%. Assessment of mental health revealed symptoms of depression, anxiety, and posttraumatic stress disorders in 11%, 25%, and 11%, respectively. Conclusions: Despite recovery from the acute infection, neurological symptoms were prevalent at the 3-month follow-up. Above all, smelling disorders were persistent in a large proportion of patients. ER  - 
Adult occipital lobe epilepsy: 12-years on$$$ Objective: Occipital lobe epilepsies (OLE) comprise 5–10% of focal epilepsies in surgical and paediatric series; with little data from adult medical cohorts. This longitudinal study examined OLE patients, to characterise prevalence, semiology, co-morbidity and prognosis in a neurology outpatient setting. Methods: 24 adult OLE patients identified over 12 months from 1548 patients in a neurologist’s service were followed over 12 years. Results: 92% of these OLE patients had simple visual hallucinations, misdiagnosed in 40% of cases. 75% had co-morbid interictal migraine and 38% had visual field defects. Only 33% achieved long-term remission, and only 2 /10 (20%) of OLE patients with a structural aetiology were seizure-free. The two patients with migralepsy achieved remission. Conclusion: Adult OLE accounted for 7.7% of focal epilepsies in this cohort, misdiagnosed or misclassified in 40%. Most patients had co-existing migraine. A minority had migralepsy characterised by a longer aura and good prognosis. Remission rates were lower than that of childhood OLE and general adult epilepsy populations, strengthening the argument for considering epilepsy surgery in drug-resistant OLE patients with a structural cause. Precision medicine will potentially refine diagnosis and management in those OLE patients without an identified cause but is predicated on accurate clinical phenotyping. ER  - 
Effects of perceived stigma, unemployment and depression on suicidal risk in people with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Stigma toward people with epilepsy (PWE) is common around the globe. Perceived stigma produced by mental or physical disorders may represent a significant risk factor for suicide.This study examines whether and how perceived stigma, unemployment and depression interact to influence suicidal risk in PWE. Methods: A consecutive cohort of people with epilepsy (PWE) was recruited from the First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University. Each patient completed the Stigma Scale for Epilepsy (SSE), the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy scale (NDDI-E) and the suicidality module of Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview(MINI) v.5.0.0. Spearman's correlation and moderated mediation analysis were used to examine the associations among perceived stigma, depression, unemployment and suicidal risk. Results: Perceived stigma was positively associated with depression severity and suicidal risk. Depression severity mediated the association between perceived stigma and suicidal risk. The indirect effect of perceived stigma on suicidal risk through depression severity was positively moderated by unemployment. Conclusions: The effect of perceived stigma on suicidal risk can be explained by the mediation of depression severity, At the same time, getting out from the shadow of perceived stigma may help reducing suicidal risk in PWE. In addition, improving employment status of PWE may attenuate the indirect effect of perceived stigma on suicidal risk through depression severity. ER  - 
Medium-term changes in patients with epilepsy during the COVID-19 pandemic$$$ Objectives: The novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic has led to social distancing measures and impaired medical care of chronic neurological diseases, including epilepsy, which may have adversely affected well-being and quality of life of patients with epilepsy (PWE). The objective of this study is to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the levels of anxiety, depression, somnolence, and quality of life using validated scales in PWE in real-life clinical practice. Materials & Methods: Self-administered scales of anxiety disorders (GAD-7), depression (NDDI-E), somnolence (Epworth Sleepiness Scale; ESS), and quality of life (QOLIE-31-P) in PWE treated in a Refractory Epilepsy Unit were longitudinally analyzed. Data were collected before the beginning (December 2019 – March 2020) and during the COVID-19 pandemic (September 2020–January 2021). Results: 158 patients (85 from the first round and 73 from the second round) 45.0 ± 17.3 years of age, 43.2% women, epilepsy duration 23.0 ± 14.9 years, number of antiepileptic drugs 2.1 ± 1.4, completed the survey. Significant longitudinal reduction of QOLIE-31-P (from 58.9 ± 19.7 to 56.2 ± 16.2, p =.035) and GAD-7 scores (from 8.8 ± 6.2 to 8.3 ± 5.9, corrected p =.024) was identified. No statistically significant longitudinal changes in the number of seizures (from 0.9 ± 1.9 to 2.5 ± 6.2, p =.125) or NDDI-E scores (from 12.3 ± 4.3 to 13.4 ± 4.4, p =.065) were found. Significant longitudinal increase of ESS (from 4.9 ± 3.7 to 7.4 ± 4.9, p =.001) was found. Conclusions: During the COVID-19 pandemic, quality of life and anxiety levels were lower in PWE, and sleepiness levels were raised, without seizure change. ER  - 
Cytotoxic lesions of the corpus callosum in children: Etiology, clinical and radiological features, and prognosis$$$ Objectives: Cytotoxic lesions of the corpus callosum (CLOCCs) are secondary lesions associated with entities like infection manifested by restricted diffusion on diffusion-weighted cranial magnetic resonance imaging. Our objectives are to evaluate the clinic-radiological spectrum of pediatric patients with cytotoxic lesions of the corpus callosum (CC). Methods: Children (0–18 years) admitted between February 2017 and May 2020 with splenial lesions showing diffusion restriction on MRI, either isolated or within involvement of other parts of the brain, were included retrospectively. The primary lesions of the CC (e.g. acute disseminated encephalomyelitis, acute ischemic infarction, and glioblastoma multiforme) were excluded. CLOCCs were divided into infection-associated, metabolic disorder–associated, and trauma-associated lesions, as well as CLOCCs involving other entities. Data were collected from the medical databases. Results: Forty-one patients were determined to have CLOCCs. Twenty-five (61%) were infection-associated, nine (22%) were trauma-associated, and three (7%) were metabolic disorder–associated cases, including 2 inherited disorders of metabolism. There were four (10%) patients with other entities, three with epilepsy, and one had an apparent life-threatening event. Six patients had a known etiology among the infection-associated group; one had multisystem inflammatory syndrome caused by COVID-19 and one had been infected by COVID-19 without any complications. All the infection-associated patients with isolated splenial lesions recovered totally, although six patients required intensive care hospitalization. Four trauma-associated patients had sequela lesions. Conclusions: CLOCCs are associated with a spectrum of diseases, including the new coronavirus, COVID-19 infection. Infection-associated CLOCCs has the best prognosis, although severe cases may occur. Sequelae are possible based on the etiology. ER  - 
Length of Stay in Pediatric Neurology Hospital Admissions$$$ Objective: To describe inpatient length of stay patterns, identify key drivers related to prolonged length of stay, and evaluate the relationship between length of stay and readmission in pediatric neurology Methods: This was a retrospective review of patients <19 years old admitted with a principal neurologic diagnosis to our hospital between January 2017 and July 2019. Scheduled admissions and hospital admissions lasting >30 days were excluded from analysis. Length of stay was obtained in addition to demographic characteristics, principal discharge diagnosis, multispecialty care, use of multiple antiseizure medications, inpatient hospital costs (ie, claims paid), and pediatric intensive care unit (ICU) admission for unplanned admissions and 7- and 30-day readmissions. Results: There were a total of 1579 unplanned admissions. The most common reasons for admission were seizure (n = 942), headache (n = 161), other neurologic diagnosis (n = 121), and psychiatric disorders/functional neurologic disorder (n = 60). Children admitted to the hospital for a neurologic condition have an average length of stay of 2.8±5.0 days for unplanned admissions, 4.5±7.4 days for 7-day readmissions, and 5.2±7.5 days for 30-day readmissions. Average inpatient hospital costs were $44 075±56 976 for unplanned admissions, $60 361±71 427 for 7-day readmissions, and $55 434±56 442 for 30-day readmissions. Prolonged length of stay and increased hospital costs were associated with pediatric ICU admission, multispecialty care, 7- and 30-day readmission, multiple antiseizure medications, and psychiatric disorders / functional neurologic disorders. Conclusions: Pediatric ICU admission, multispecialty care, readmission, multiple antiseizure medications, and psychiatric disorder / functional neurologic disorder prolong length of stay and increase hospital costs. ER  - 
Therapeutic prevention of COVID-19 in elderly: a case–control study$$$ COVID-19 is a particularly aggressive disease for the elderly as 86% of deaths related to COVID-19 occur in people over 65 years of age. Despite the urgent need for a preventive treatment, there are currently no serious leads, other than the vaccination. The aim of this retrospective case-control study is to find a pharmacological preventive treatment of COVID-19 in elderly patients. One-hundred-seventy-nine patients had been in contact with other COVID-19 patients at home or in hospital, of whom 89 had tested RT-PCR-positive (COVID-pos) for the virus and 90 had tested RT-PCR-negative (COVID-neg). Treatments within 15 days prior to RT-PCR (including antihypertensive drugs, antipsychotics, antibiotics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, proton pump inhibitors (PPIs), oral antidiabetics (OADs), corticosteroids, immunosuppressants), comorbidities, symptoms, laboratory values, and clinical outcome were all collected. COVID-pos patients more frequently had a history of diabetes (P =.016) and alcoholism (P =.023), a lower leukocyte count (P =.014) and a higher mortality rate — 29.2% versus 14.4% — (P =.014) when compared to COVID-neg patients. Patients on PPIs were 2.3 times less likely (odds ratio [OR] = 0.4381, 95% confidence interval [CI] [0.2331, 0.8175], P =.0053) to develop COVID-19 infection, compared to those not on PPIs. No other treatment decreased or increased this risk. COVID-pos patients on antipsychotics (P =.0013) and OADs (P =.0153), particularly metformin (P =.0237), were less likely to die. Thus, patients on treatment with PPI were less likely to develop COVID-19 infection, and those on antipsychotics or metformin had a lower risk of mortality. However, prospective studies, including clinical trials, are needed to confirm or not these findings. ER  - 
Does gestational age at term play a role in the association between cerebroplacental ratio and operative delivery for intrapartum fetal compromise?$$$ Introduction: To assess the impact of gestational age at term on the association between cerebroplacental ratio (CPR) and operative delivery for intrapartum fetal compromise (IFC) and prognostic performance of CPR to predict operative delivery for IFC. Material and methods: This was a retrospective cohort study including 2052 singleton pregnancies delivered between 37+0 and 41+6 weeks of gestation in a single tertiary referral center over an 8-year period. CPR was measured within 1 week of delivery. IFC was defined as the presence of persistent pathological cardiotocography pattern or the combination of pathological cardiotocography pattern and fetal scalp pH < 7.20. Operative delivery included instrumental vaginal delivery and cesarean section. Pregnancies were grouped according to birthweight (small for gestational age [SGA, birthweight <10th centile] and appropriate for gestational age [AGA, birthweight 10th–90th centile]) and gestational age by week at delivery. Rates of operative delivery were compared between the subgroups. Prognostic value of CPR was assessed using receiver operating characteristic curve. Results: Of the study cohort, 308 (15%) had a CPR <10th centile, 374 (18%) operative delivery for IFC, and 298 (15%) were SGA at birth. Overall, the rates of operative delivery for IFC were higher in the low CPR group both in SGA (35% vs. 22%; p = 0.023) and in AGA (23% vs. 16%; p = 0.007). According to gestational age by week at delivery, fetuses with low CPR showed higher rates of operative delivery for IFC with advancing gestational age, mainly in pregnancies delivered at 40 weeks (54% vs. 23%; p = 0.004) and at 41 weeks (60% vs. 19%; p = 0.010) for SGA and at 41 weeks (39% vs. 20%; p = 0.001) for AGA. The predictive value of CPR remained stable throughout term and was poor both in SGA and in AGA. Conclusions: Both SGA and AGA fetuses with low CPR showed higher rates of operative delivery for IFC at term with advancing gestational age. Prognostic value of CPR throughout term was poor. ER  - 
Neonatal Cranial Ultrasound Findings among Infants Born Extremely Preterm: Associations with Neurodevelopmental Outcomes at 10 Years of Age$$$ Objective: To examine the association between neonatal cranial ultrasound (CUS) abnormalities among infants born extremely preterm and neurodevelopmental outcomes at 10 years of age. Study design: In a multicenter birth cohort of infants born at <28 weeks of gestation, 889 of 1198 survivors were evaluated for neurologic, cognitive, and behavioral outcomes at 10 years of age. Sonographic markers of white matter damage (WMD) included echolucencies in the brain parenchyma and moderate to severe ventricular enlargement. Neonatal CUS findings were classified as intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) without WMD, IVH with WMD, WMD without IVH, and neither IVH nor WMD. Results: WMD without IVH was associated with an increased risk of cognitive impairment (OR 3.5, 95% CI 1.7, 7.4), cerebral palsy (OR 14.3, 95% CI 6.5, 31.5), and epilepsy (OR 6.9; 95% CI 2.9, 16.8). Similar associations were found for WMD accompanied by IVH. Isolated IVH was not significantly associated these outcomes. Conclusions: Among children born extremely preterm, CUS abnormalities, particularly those indicative of WMD, are predictive of neurodevelopmental impairments at 10 years of age. The strongest associations were found with cerebral palsy. ER  - 
High prevalence of comorbidities at diagnosis in immigrants with multiple sclerosis$$$ Background: Multiple sclerosis (MS) has been associated with certain comorbidities in general population studies, but it is unknown how comorbidity may affect immigrants with MS. Objective: To compare prevalence of comorbidities in immigrants and long-term residents at MS diagnosis, and in matched control populations without MS. Methods: We identified incident MS cases using a validated definition applied to health administrative data in Ontario, Canada, from 1994 to 2017, and categorized them as immigrants or long-term residents. Immigrants and long-term residents without MS (controls) were matched to MS cases 3:1 on sex, age, and geography. Results: There were 1534 immigrants and 23,731 long-term residents with MS matched with 4585 and 71,193 controls, respectively. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), diabetes, hypertension, ischemic heart disease, migraine, epilepsy, mood/anxiety disorders, schizophrenia, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), and rheumatoid arthritis were significantly more prevalent among immigrants with MS compared to their controls. Prevalence of these conditions was generally similar comparing immigrants to long-term residents with MS, although COPD, epilepsy, IBD, and mood/anxiety disorders were less prevalent in immigrants. Conclusion: Immigrants have a high prevalence of multiple comorbidities at MS diagnosis despite the “healthy immigrant effect.” Clinicians should pay close attention to identification and management of comorbidity in immigrants with MS. ER  - 
Long-term efficacy and tolerability of adjunctive brivaracetam in adults with focal to bilateral tonic-clonic (secondary generalized) seizures: Post hoc pooled analysis$$$ This post hoc analysis was conducted to evaluate the efficacy, tolerability, and health-related quality of life during long-term adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV) treatment in adult patients with focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (FBTCS). Patients (≥ 16 years) were included in this post hoc analysis if they were randomized to BRV or placebo in double-blind, placebo-controlled (N01252 [NCT00490035], N01253 [NCT00464269], N01358 [NCT01261325]; core) trials, and received adjunctive BRV in the corresponding long-term follow-up (N01125 [NCT00175916], N01199 [NCT00150800], N01379 [NCT01339559]) trials, and reported FBTCS during the 8-week prospective baseline (core trial). Efficacy (concomitant levetiracetam excluded) and tolerability (concomitant levetiracetam included) were assessed from the first day of BRV in patients who initiated BRV at 50–200 mg/day. Two hundred and eighty-four patients reported FBTCS during baseline (core trials) and were included in the Efficacy Set. Patients (mean age of 37.0 years; 51.8% male; mean epilepsy duration of 22.4 years; median baseline frequency of 2.8 FBTCS per 28 days) received BRV for a median treatment duration of 2.5 years (range < 0.1–11.3) at a median modal dose of 150 mg/day. BRV was discontinued by 175 (61.6%) patients, most commonly (≥ 10% of patients) due to adverse event (18.3%), lack of efficacy (18.3%), and consent withdrawn (11.6%); the median time to discontinuation of BRV due to any reason was 358.5 days. The Kaplan-Meier (KM)-estimated retention on BRV at 1, 3, and 5 years, were 69.3%, 48.2%, and 37.3%, respectively. The KM-estimated proportion of patients not discontinuing BRV due to lack of efficacy or adverse event were 80.0%, 63.9%, and 57.2% at 1, 3, and 5 years, respectively. Overall, the median percentage reduction in FBTCS frequency from baseline was 76.2%, and the 50% and 75% responder rates for FBTCS were 68.7% and 50.7%, respectively, which were sustained over time across completer cohorts. Sustained 50%, 75%, and 100% response in FBTCS from day 1 of adjunctive BRV treatment during the entire first year was estimated for 32.5%, 21.1%, and 15.0% of patients, respectively (KM analysis), and showed maintenance or improvement in the response to BRV over time. For patients with ≥ 1 year of BRV exposure, 51.3% were free from FBTCS for ≥ 1 year during any time of the treatment period, and 22.8% of patients did not report FBTCS during the first year from the first day of treatment. Clinically meaningful improvements in total Patient Weighted Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-Form 31 (QOLIE-31-P) score were reported by 43.6% and 46.4% of patients after 1 and 2 years of treatment, respectively. The largest improvements in the QOLIE-31-P score, with > 50% of patients reporting a clinically meaningful improvement, were observed in the seizure worry and daily activities/social functioning subscales after 1 and 2 years of BRV treatment. Overall, 278/313 (88.8%; Safety Set) patients reported at least one treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE), 170 (54.3%) had a drug-related TEAE, 88 (28.1%) had a serious TEAE, and 55 (17.6%) discontinued BRV due to a TEAE. Overall, long-term adjunctive BRV was generally well tolerated and reduced the frequency of FBTCS in adults, with 22.8% of patients (who completed ≥ 1 year of treatment) not reporting any FBTCS during the first year from the first day of BRV treatment. ER  - 
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor in blood serum and lacrimal fluid of patients with focal epilepsy$$$ Objective: To evaluate brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) level in blood serum (BS) and lacrimal fluid (LF) of people with epilepsy (PWE). Methods: It was a case-control study of 72 consecutive patients with focal epilepsy (cases, Epilepsy group) and 60 age- and gender-matched healthy volunteers (controls). Based on comorbid depression, two subgroups of PWE were formed. BDNF level was measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in BS and LF. Results: Compared to controls, BDNF level (pg/mL) in PWE was lower both in BS (22,520 ± 3810 vs. 26,360 ± 3090, P < 0.000) and in LF (100.8 ± 23.3 vs. 113.4 ± 19.3, P = 0.001). However, no significant correlation was found between BDNF level in BS and LF either in the Epilepsy group or in controls. No impact of comorbid depression on BDNF level was found either in BS or LF of PWE. We revealed a higher BDNF level in LF of men as compared to women in controls and a similar non-significant trend in PWE. Higher BDNF level in BS of PWE receiving valproates versus other AEDs was found, however, a relatively small number of observations and use of polytherapy in most cases should be taken into account. Significance: In patients with focal epilepsy, BDNF level is decreased both in BS and LF, though with no correlation between them. No association of BDNF levels with age and epilepsy characteristics, as well as the occurrence of depression, was found. Low BDNF level in LF could be considered as a non-invasive biomarker of focal epilepsy. ER  - 
Informed DEcision for cerebrospinal fluid analysis after epiLeptic seizures- the IDEAL-score: A development and validation study$$$ Background: This observational study was done to develop a score based on clinical predictors that enables a guided decision for the necessity of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis after first unprovoked epileptic seizures and to validate this score in a retrospective patient cohort. Methods: Clinical predictors were identified by two panels of epilepsy experts and selected according to content validity ratios. Based on these predictors a score was created and applied to a cohort of patients with first epileptic seizures. Results: The “IDEAL score” consists of 9 items (fever, prolonged disturbance of consciousness, headache, imaging results, cognitive dysfunction, status epilepticus, malignancy, autoimmune encephalitis symptoms) that are collected at two different time points (< 3 h [A-score]; > 3 h [B-score] after hospital admittance). A CSF analysis is recommended, if at least one clinical finding is present, either one of the items evaluated during the acute phase (A-score) or later in the diagnostic process (B-score). In 41 patients (13%) CSF analysis provided essential clues to the cause of the seizure. The combined IDEAL score reached a sensitivity of 98%, a specificity of 53%, a positive predictive value of 24% and a negative predictive value of 99% in this patient cohort. Conclusions: A CSF analysis after first epileptic seizures provided decisive etiological findings in only 13% of all investigated patients. The IDEAL score offers clinicians a simple and easy-to-implement algorithm to assess the necessity of a CSF analysis, and to prevent unnecessary diagnostic procedures. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures treated as epileptic seizures in the emergency department$$$ Objectives: We aimed to estimate the rate of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) among patients presenting to an emergency department with presumed seizures. We also wanted to identify factors that can assist health care professionals in determining whether these events are likely to be epileptic or nonepileptic. Methods: We performed two retrospective audits on patients who were treated for seizures in the department of emergency medicine at the Princess Alexandra Hospital, Brisbane, Australia. Exploratory analyses and logistic regressions were conducted to investigate the characteristics of the presentations and the relationships between our variables of interest. Results: In the group of all presentations with presumed seizures over a 3-month period (n = 157), a total of 151 presentations (96.2%) presentations were given a primary diagnosis of epileptic seizures. Of these 151 presentations, only 84 (55.6%) presented with epileptic seizures and 40 (26.5%) actually presented with PNES. In the group of patients who presented with prolonged and/or multiple events (n = 213) over a 1-year period, 196 (92.0%) were treated as epileptic seizures. Of these 196 presentations, only 85 (43.4%) presented with epileptic seizures and 97 (49.5%) actually presented with PNES. Several factors were identified to help risk stratify between epileptic seizures and PNES: Duration of events and of the postictal phase, number of events, presence of a structural brain pathology, mental health history, lactate levels and presence of tongue bite, incontinence, and/or vomiting. Significance: A large proportion of people who present to emergency departments with events resembling epileptic seizures actually have PNES rather than epilepsy—particularly those patients who present with prolonged and/or multiple events. The rate of misdiagnosis was high. Efforts need to be made to recognize patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures earlier and diagnose them correctly to avoid unnecessary iatrogenic harm and to provide adequate treatment. ER  - 
Duration of medical home participation and quality of care for patients with chronic conditions$$$ Objective: To examine whether the length of participation in a patient-centered medical home (PCMH), an evidence-based practice, leads to higher quality care for Medicaid enrollees with multiple co-morbid chronic conditions and major depressive disorder (MDD). Data Sources: This analysis uses a unique data source that links North Carolina Medicaid claims and enrollment data with other administrative data including electronic records of state-funded mental health services, a state psychiatric hospital utilization database, and electronic records from a five-county behavioral health carve-out program. Study Design: This retrospective cohort study uses generalized estimating equations (GEEs) on person-year-level observations to examine the association between the duration of PCMH participation and measures of guideline-concordant care, including the receipt of minimally adequate care for MDD, defined as 6 months of antidepressant use or eight psychotherapy visits each year. Data Collection/Extraction Methods: Adults with two or more chronic conditions reflected in administrative data, including MDD. Principal Findings: We found a 1.7 percentage point increase in the likelihood of receiving guideline-concordant care at 4 months of PCMH participation, as compared to newly enrolled individuals with a single month of participation (p < 0.05). This effect increased with each additional month of PCMH participation; 12 months of participation was associated with a 19.1 percentage point increase in the likelihood of receiving guideline-concordant care over a single month of participation (p < 0.01). Conclusions: The PCMH model is associated with higher quality of care for patients with multiple chronic conditions and MDD over time, and these benefits increase the longer a patient is enrolled. Providers and policy makers should consider the positive effect of increased contact with PCMHs when designing and evaluating initiatives to improve care for this population. ER  - 
Final results from a Phase 3, long-term, open-label, repeat-dose safety study of diazepam nasal spray for seizure clusters in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: A Phase 3 open-label safety study (NCT02721069) evaluated long-term safety of diazepam nasal spray (Valtoco) in patients with epilepsy and frequent seizure clusters. Methods: Patients were 6–65 years old with diagnosed epilepsy and seizure clusters despite stable antiseizure medications. The treatment period was 12 months, with study visits at Day 30 and every 60 days thereafter, after which patients could elect to continue. Doses were based on age and weight. Seizure and treatment information was recorded in diaries. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs), nasal irritation, and olfactory changes were recorded. Results: Of 163 patients in the safety population, 117 (71.8%) completed the study. Duration of exposure was ≥12 months for 81.6% of patients. There was one death (sudden unexpected death in epilepsy) and one withdrawal owing to a TEAE (major depression), both considered unlikely to be related to treatment. Diazepam nasal spray was administered 4390 times for 3853 seizure clusters, with 485 clusters treated with a second dose within 24 h; 53.4% of patients had monthly average usage of one to two doses, 41.7% two to five doses, and 4.9% more than five doses. No serious TEAEs were considered to be treatment related. TEAEs possibly or probably related to treatment (n = 30) were most commonly nasal discomfort (6.1%); headache (2.5%); and dysgeusia, epistaxis, and somnolence (1.8% each). Only 13 patients (7.9%) showed nasal irritation, and there were no relevant olfactory changes. The safety profile of diazepam nasal spray was generally similar across subgroups based on age, monthly usage, concomitant benzodiazepine therapy, or seasonal allergy/rhinitis. Significance: In this large open-label safety study, the safety profile of diazepam nasal spray was consistent with the established profile of rectal diazepam, and the high retention rate supports effectiveness in this population. A second dose was used in only 12.6% of seizure clusters. ER  - 
A web-based algorithm to rapidly classify seizures for the purpose of drug selection$$$ Objective: To develop and validate a pragmatic algorithm that classifies seizure types, to facilitate therapeutic decision-making. Methods: Using a modified Delphi method, five experts developed a pragmatic classification of nine types of epileptic seizures or combinations of seizures that influence choice of medication, and constructed a simple algorithm, freely available on the internet. The algorithm consists of seven questions applicable to patients with seizure onset at the age of 10 years or older. Questions to screen for nonepileptic attacks were added. Junior physicians, nurses, and physician assistants applied the algorithm to consecutive patients in a multicenter prospective validation study (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03796520). The reference standard was the seizure classification by expert epileptologists, based on all available data, including electroencephalogram (EEG), video-EEG monitoring, and neuroimaging. In addition, physicians working in underserved areas assessed the feasibility of using the web-based algorithm in their clinical setting. Results: A total of 262 patients were assessed, of whom 157 had focal, 51 had generalized, and 10 had unknown onset epileptic seizures, and 44 had nonepileptic paroxysmal events. Agreement between the algorithm and the expert classification was 83.2% (95% confidence interval = 78.6%–87.8%), with an agreement coefficient (AC1) of.82 (95% confidence interval =.77–.87), indicating almost perfect agreement. Thirty-two health care professionals from 14 countries evaluated the feasibility of the web-based algorithm in their clinical setting, and found it applicable and useful for their practice (median = 6.5 on 7-point Likert scale). Significance: The web-based algorithm provides an accurate classification of seizure types, which can be used for selecting antiseizure medications in adolescents and adults. ER  - 
Clinical and neuropsychological characteristics of children with epilepsy and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to explore the clinical and neuropsychological characteristics—cognition, behavior, parenting-related stress, and sleep—of children with epilepsy, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), or both. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the electronic medical records of 33 children with epilepsy and ADHD, 113 with epilepsy alone, and 294 with ADHD alone. The children were required to complete the Advanced Test of Attention (ATA), and their parents completed the ADHD Rating Scale (ARS), Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL), Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ), Disruptive Behavior Disorder (DBD) Scale (DBD), Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS), and Parenting Stress Index-Short Form (PSI-SF). Results: Auditory Commission Errors made during the ATA were higher in children with epilepsy and ADHD than in those with epilepsy alone. On the SRS, all the subscales except Social Awareness were significantly higher in children with epilepsy and ADHD or ADHD alone than in those with epilepsy alone. The Oppositional Defiant and Conduct Disorder subscales on DBD, Attention Problems, and Aggressive Behaviors on CBCL were significantly higher in children with both epilepsy and ADHD than in those with epilepsy alone. The Parent-Child Dysfunctional Interaction subscales on the PSI-SF were significantly greater in children with both epilepsy and ADHD than in those with epilepsy alone. The subscales on the CSHQ did not significantly differ between children with both epilepsy and ADHD and those with epilepsy alone. Conclusions: In children with epilepsy, comorbid ADHD was associated with negative effects on response inhibition, aggressive behavior, and parenting-related stress. ER  - 
Zonisamide safety in pregnancy: Data from the UK and Ireland epilepsy and pregnancy register$$$ Background: Animal data suggest teratogenic effects with zonisamide use and risk of pregnancy losses. Human data following zonisamide exposure are presently limited, but suggest low risk of malformation with elevated risk of low birth weight. Objective: To calculate the major congenital malformation (MCM) rate of zonisamide in human pregnancy and assess for a signal of any specific malformation pattern and associations with birth weight. Methods and materials: Data were obtained from the UK and Ireland Epilepsy and Pregnancy register (UKIEPR) which is an observational, registration, and follow up study from December 1996 to July 2020. Eligibility criteria were use of zonisamide and to have been referred to the UKIEPR before the outcome of the pregnancy was known. Primary outcome was evidence of MCM. Results: From December 1996 through July 2020 there were 112 cases of first trimester exposure to zonisamide, including 26 monotherapy cases. There were 3 MCM for monotherapy cases (MCM rate 13.0% (95% confidence interval 4.5–32.1)), and 5 MCM for polytherapy cases (MCM rate 6.9% (95% confidence interval 3.0–15.2)). While the median birth weight was on 71st and 44th centile for monotherapy and polytherapy cases respectively, there was a high rate of infants born small for gestational age (21% for both). Conclusion: These data raise concerns about a signal for potential teratogenicity with zonisamide in human pregnancy. Given the low numbers reported, further data will be required to adequately counsel women who use zonisamide in pregnancy. ER  - 
Emotional autobiographical memory associated with insular resection in epileptic patients: A comparison with temporal lobe resection$$$ The insula is involved in a wide variety of functions, including social and emotional processing. Despite the numerous connections it shares with brain structures known to play a role in autobiographical memory (AM), little is known on the contribution of the insula to AM processing. The aim of the study was to examine emotional AM retrieval in patients with insular resection for drug-resistant epilepsy. Ten patients who underwent partial or complete insular resection (IR) were matched on age, sex, and education, to fifteen patients who underwent temporal lobectomy (TL), and to fifteen healthy controls. Participants were asked to recall four positive, four negative, and four neutral memories from their past using the autobiographical interview procedure. The results suggest that AM for emotional and neutral events after IR was comparable to that of healthy controls, whereas deficits were observed after TL. However, an independent examiner judged IR patients’ memories as poorer than those of healthy controls on the episodic richness scale, suggesting a lack of some aspects of rich and vivid remembering. Furthermore, analysis on subjective self-rated scales revealed that, contrary to healthy controls, patients with IR judged their neutral memories as more emotional. This study suggests that AM is generally preserved after IR. However, given the small sample size and varied lesion location, one cannot totally exclude a potential role of specific insular sub-regions on some aspects of autobiographical memory. In addition, IR patients showed poor emotional judgment for neutral memories, which is congruent with previous findings of altered emotional processing in this population. ER  - 
Individuals who develop drug-resistant epilepsy within a year after initial diagnosis have higher burden of mental and physical diseases one-year prior to epilepsy diagnosis as compared to those whose seizures were controlled during the same interval$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy is a neurological disease characterized by recurrent, unprovoked seizures and its impact on biological, cognitive, psychological, and social outcomes. An unmet need for finding effective treatment options exists. Identifying medical diagnoses present prior to a diagnosis of epilepsy is an important step in increasing our understanding of how people with epilepsy may respond to therapy, help guide clinicians in managing associated comorbid conditions, and inform future research. Methods: A population-based retrospective comparative cohort study was conducted using administrative claims data to explore differences in medical diagnoses prior to an initial diagnosis of epilepsy between patients with and without drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) identified within one-year post diagnosis by evaluating standardized mean differences between the groups. Results: A total of 205,183 patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy were identified. Of those, 4.1% (n = 8340) were considered drug resistant one-year post diagnosis. Pain and mood disorders were the common physical and psychiatric diagnoses in both cohorts. Differences between the newly diagnosed epilepsy and DRE cohorts were observed. Patients in the DRE cohort were younger, had more encounters with the healthcare system, and higher burden of disease for both physical (e.g., headache, neuropathy, muscular-skeletal disorders, and traumatic brain injury) and psychiatric diagnoses (e.g., depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, suicidal thoughts, drug dependency, and sleep disorders). Conclusion: Physical and psychiatric diagnoses are common one year prior to first diagnosis of epilepsy in administrative claims data. Compared to patients without DRE, those who develop DRE within one-year post initial diagnosis demonstrated a higher burden of disease. ER  - 
How does “locus of control” affect persons with epilepsy?$$$ Purpose: Locus of control (LOC) is the degree to which people believe that they have control over the outcome of events in their lives. A person's locus can be internal, external, or chance. A person with internal locus of control believes that one can control one's own life. A person with external locus of control believes that his life is controlled by external factors or people over which he has no influence. A person with chance locus of control believes that fate, chance, or luck controls his own life. The aim of the current study was to determine the health locus of control, anxiety, and depression levels in persons with epilepsy (PWE) and to assess whether locus of control has relation to anxiety, depression, and seizure control. Methods: Patients aged 18 years or older with a history of epilepsy for at least 1 year were recruited from the outpatient epilepsy clinic or from the inpatient epilepsy monitoring unit at SCTIMST, Trivandrum from January 2019 to May 2020. Patients filled the questionnaire form consisting of demographic data, age of onset of seizures, present seizure control, and the current antiepileptic drugs. The Hospital Anxiety and Depression (HAD) scale was used to estimate the level of anxiety and depression in these patients. The Form-C of the Multidimensional Health Locus of Control (MHLC) scale was used to evaluate the health locus of control. Healthy controls aged 18 years or older and free of any chronic disease or psychiatric illness were also recruited. They were asked to fill the questionnaire forms with basic demographic data. HAD scale was used to estimate the level of anxiety and depression and form-C of MHLC was used to evaluate the health locus of control in the healthy controls. The mean scores of anxiety, depression, and locus of control were compared between the two groups. Results: A total of 170 participants were recruited which consisted of 100 PWE and 70 healthy controls. The mean anxiety and depression scores were 8.13(SD = 4.23) and 5.85(SD = 3.66) in the PWE group and 6.75(SD = 3.39) and 4.14(SD = 2.96) in the control group, respectively. The mean internal, external, and chance LOC scores were 24.95(SD = 10.92), 26.94(SD = 4.96), and 24.41(SD = 6.46) in the PWE group; and 29.44(SD = 5.62), 26.53(SD = 5.79), and 19.9(SD = 7.13) in the control group, respectively. Persons with epilepsy had higher chance LOC scores and lower internal LOC scores compared to controls (p = 0.00003, p < 0.00001 respectively). There were no differences in the external LOC scores between the two groups (p = 0.620). Persons with epilepsy with some level of anxiety had lower internal LOC scores compared to patients with no anxiety (p = 0.04). PWE with poor seizure control had higher external LOC score and lower internal LOC scores which however did not reach statistical significance. Persons with epilepsy with poor seizure control had higher anxiety and depression scores. Conclusions: Persons with epilepsy had low perceptions of internal and strong perceptions of chance health locus of control. This means that PWE feel that luck plays an important role in their disease control. This information is important in the counseling of persons with epilepsy. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures during the COVID-19 pandemic in New York City – A distinct response from the epilepsy experience$$$ Although psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are a common neurologic condition, there remains a paucity of literature on the COVID-19 pandemic's effect on these patients. Using a cross-sectional questionnaire study, our group examined the experience of patients with PNES at a single Comprehensive Epilepsy Center in New York City, the epicenter of the initial COVID-19 outbreak in the United States. Among our cohort of 18 subjects with PNES, 22.2% reported an improvement in seizure control during the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic in New York City. Compared to the cohort of subjects with epilepsy without PNES, subjects with PNES were significantly more likely to report an improvement (p = 0.033). Our findings signal that sleep and stress may be relevant variables in both conditions that should be further investigated and potentially intervened upon. Larger dedicated studies of patients with PNES are needed to understand the impact of the pandemic's widespread societal effects on these patients. ER  - 
Using Quicktome for Intracerebral Surgery: Early Retrospective Study and Proof of Concept$$$ Background: Neurosurgeons have limited tools in their armamentarium to visualize critical brain networks during surgical planning. Quicktome was designed using machine-learning to generate robust visualization of important brain networks that can be used with standard neuronavigation to minimize those deficits. We sought to see whether Quicktome could help localize important cerebral networks and tracts during intracerebral surgery. Methods: We report on all patients who underwent keyhole intracranial surgery with available Quicktome-enabled neuronavigation. We retrospectively analyzed the locations of the lesions and determined functional networks at risks, including chief executive network, default mode network, salience, corticospinal/sensorimotor, language, neglect, and visual networks. We report on the postoperative neurologic outcomes of the patients and retrospectively determined whether the outcomes could be explained by Quicktome's functional localizations. Results: Fifteen high-risk patients underwent craniotomies for intra-axial tumors, with the exception of one meningioma and one case of leukoencephalopathy. Eight patients were male. The median age was 49.6 years. Quicktome was readily integrated in our existing navigation system in every case. New postoperative neurologic deficits occurred in 8 patients. All new deficits, except for one resulting from a postoperative stroke, were expected and could be explained by preoperative findings by Quicktome. In addition, in those who did not have new neurologic deficits, Quicktome offered explanations for their outcomes. Conclusions: Quicktome helps to visualize complex functional connectomic networks and tracts by seamlessly integrating into existing neuronavigation platforms. The added information may assist in reducing neurological deficits and offer explanations for postsurgical outcomes. ER  - 
Neostigmine for treating acute colonic pseudo-obstruction in neurocritically ill patients$$$ Background and Purpose Acute colonic pseudo-obstruction (ACPO) is a common but understudied complication in neurocritically ill patients. The acetylcholinesterase inhibitor neostigmine can be used to treat ACPO in patients who do not respond to conventional treat-ment. This study investigated the effectiveness and adverse events when using neostigmine to manage ACPO in neurocritically ill patients. Methods This retrospective study investigated patients with ACPO who were treated using neostigmine in the neurological intensive-care units at two centers between March 2017 and August 2020. Neostigmine was administered intravenously or subcutaneously (at doses rang-ing from 0.25 mg to 2 mg) according to the protocols at the two centers. The outcomes were bowel movements and the changes in colon diameters on abdominal radiographs. Safety events such as bradycardia, vomiting, salivation, and sweating were evaluated. Results This study included 31 subjects with a mean age of 46.8 years (65.4% males). All patients had a bowel movement at a median of 120 minutes after administering neostigmine. The colon diameter decreased by a median of 17.5 mm (paired t-test: p<0.001) regardless of the dose and treatment protocols. Multilevel analysis confirmed that the mean colon diameter decreased from 66 mm pretreatment to 47.5 mm posttreatment (p<0.001), with an intra-class correlation coefficient of 13%. Three patients (9.7%) exhibited hypersalivation, sweating, bradycardia, and vomiting. Bradycardia (heart rate, 42 beats/minute) occurred in one patient (3.2%), and was successfully managed by injecting atropine. Conclusions Neostigmine injection is a safe and effective treatment option for ACPO in neur-ocritically ill patients who fail to respond to conservative management. ER  - 
Brain MRI volumetric changes in the follow-up of patients with anti-NMDAr encephalitis$$$ Introduction: Autoimmune anti-NMDAr encephalitis is an antibody-mediated disorder characterized by psychiatric symptoms followed by decreased consciousness, dysautonomia and seizures. The pathophysiology of the disease is related to the internalization of NR1 subtype NMDA receptors and the dysfunction of structures where they are abundant (frontotemporal and insular regions). Some reports suggest the existence of cerebral atrophy in the follow-up of these patients, with conflicting evidence regarding its presence and usefulness as a marker of prognosis. Methods: In a longitudinal, observational study, all patients with the diagnosis of definite anti-NMDAr autoimmune encephalitis with initial and control MRI studies were included. Conventional MR Brain acquisition was performed using a 3-Tesla Skyra MRI System. Automated brain segmental analysis was performed using the Volbrain volumetry system. The differences between baseline MRI volumetric characteristics and volumetric measures at follow-up was assessed. Results: 25 patients were included (mean age 26.6, SD 9.6). 44% were females. The mean time between the studies was 24 (SD 21.4, 3–24) months. Significant volume loss was identified in the total brain volume (− 0.02%, p = 0.029), cerebellar volume (− 0.27%, p = 0.048) and brainstem volume (− 0.16%, p = 0.021). Conclusions: This study supports previous observations regarding volume loss in several brain regions of patients with antiNMDAr encephalitis. Further analyses are required to understand the role of treatment and severe clinical forms, as well as the relationship between volume loss and functional outcome. ER  - 
Outcomes in the treatment of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) with CBTip: Response in seizure frequency, depression, anxiety, and quality of life$$$ Rationale: Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures (PNES) are seizure-like episodes without EEG abnormality, and are of psychological origin. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT), a type of psychological counseling, is known to be the best intervention to treat PNES and the underlying psychiatric symptoms. Yet, many remain untreated because of limited access to specialized counseling programs. In this study, first we intended to see if the positive outcomes of the CBTip can be replicated in our patient population using within-group comparison. We also aimed to examine the outcomes of patients who received a variable dose of treatment than the established treatment protocol. Method: We obtained retrospective patient reported outcomes (PRO) data from patients treated with Cognitive Behavioral Therapy-informed psychotherapy (CBT-ip) from January 2015 to January 2020 in an outpatient tertiary care epilepsy center. The CBTip program is a 12-session intervention delivered weekly by a seizure counselor. Although the program comprises 12 sessions of treatment, we included patients who attended at least 7 sessions consistent with previous research that used a similar cutoff. We had a total of 160 patient PROs included in the analysis. Outcome variables including seizure frequency, depression, anxiety, and quality of life were examined using self-report outcome scores. Demographic and other clinical and psychosocial confounding variables were controlled. Results: In the first analysis in which we compared pre-treatment scores with 3-month posttreatment scores, there was no significant change in seizure frequency, depression, anxiety, and quality-of-life outcomes. In the second analysis when we compared pre- and posttreatment scores in patients who completed the treatment in longer than 3-month time, there were significant improvement in primary and secondary outcomes. For seizure frequency, 10 patients had data for “seizures per day in the last 6 months” and 5 participants (50%) improved by 50% or more in the number of seizures per day. There were also significant reductions in depression and anxiety scores but not in quality of life. Implication and conclusions: Our analysis showed that patients treated with CBTip with a minimum of 7 sessions in 3 months did not have significant improvement. However, attending at least 7 sessions of CBTip in longer than 3 months was effective for seizure control, depression, and anxiety. The observational and exploratory nature of our study, however, limits the generalizability of our findings outside of the single tertiary clinical care setting. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study to understand the pervasiveness of psychiatric features among tinnitus and vertigo patients$$$ Objective: To identify the mental health problems among patients having symptoms of tinnitus and vertigo due to vestibulocochlear disturbances. Methods:The cross-sectional study was conducted from May to September 2019 at the Hearts International Hospital and the Hearing and Balance Clinic, Rawalpindi, in collaboration with the Foundation University, Islamabad, and comprised vestibulocochlear disorder patients of either gender aged >18 years having chief symptoms of vertigo and tinnitus for at least the preceding 3 months. Psychiatric evaluation was conducted using the Tinnitus Handicap Inventory, the Dizziness Handicap Inventory and the Depression, Anxiety, Stress Scale. Audiological evaluations were carried out to gauge the severity of symptoms. Data was analysed using SPSS 20. Results: Of the 202 subjects, 60(30%) were females and 142(70%) were males. Patients experiencing vertigo and tinnitus symptoms had a strong tendency to develop psychiatric problems (p<0.05). Significant differences were noted among male and female patients regarding the representation of psychiatric symptoms (p<0.05). Conclusion: Patients experiencing tinnitus and vertigo symptoms tended to have a deviant psychological profile analogous with other chronic diseases. ER  - 
CD19-targeted chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy for CNS relapsed or refractory acute lymphocytic leukaemia: a post-hoc analysis of pooled data from five clinical trials$$$ Background: CNS relapse of acute lymphocytic leukaemia is difficult to treat. Durable remissions of relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphocytic leukaemia have been observed following treatment with CD19-directed chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells; however, most trials have excluded patients with active CNS disease. We aimed to assess the safety and activity of CAR T-cell therapy in patients with a history of CNS relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphocytic leukaemia. Methods: In this post-hoc analysis, we included 195 patients (aged 1–29 years; 110 [56%] male and 85 [44%] female) with relapsed or refractory CD19-positive acute lymphocytic leukaemia or lymphocytic lymphoma from five clinical trials (Pedi CART19, 13BT022, ENSIGN, ELIANA, and 16CT022) done at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (Philadelphia, PA, USA), in which participants received CD19-directed CAR T-cell therapy between April 17, 2012, and April 16, 2019. The trials required control of CNS disease at enrolment and infusion and excluded treatment in the setting of acute neurological toxic effects (>grade 1 in severity) or parenchymal lesions deemed to increase the risk of neurotoxicity. 154 patients from Pedi CART19, ELIANA, ENSIGN, and 16CT022 received tisagenlecleucel and 41 patients from the 13BT022 trial received the humanised CD19-directed CAR, huCART19. We categorised patients into two strata on the basis of CNS status at relapse or within the 12 months preceding CAR T-cell infusion—either CNS-positive or CNS-negative disease. Patients with CNS-positive disease were further divided on the basis of morphological bone marrow involvement—either combined bone marrow and CNS involvement, or isolated CNS involvement. Endpoints were the proportion of patients with complete response at 28 days after infusion, Kaplan-Meier analysis of relapse-free survival and overall survival, and the incidence of cytokine release syndrome and neurotoxicity. Findings: Of all 195 patients, 66 (34%) were categorised as having CNS-positive disease and 129 (66%) as having CNS-negative disease, and 43 (22%) were categorised as having isolated CNS involvement. The median length of follow-up was 39 months (IQR 25–49) in the CNS-positive stratum and 36 months (18–49) in the CNS-negative stratum. The proportion of patients in the CNS-positive stratum with a complete response at 28 days after infusion was similar to that in the CNS-negative stratum (64 [97%] of 66 vs 121 [94%] of 129; p=0·74), with no significant difference in relapse-free survival (60% [95% CI 49–74] vs 60% [51–71]; p=0·50) or overall survival (83% [75–93] vs 71% [64–79]; p=0·39) at 2 years between the two groups. Overall survival at 2 years was significantly higher in patients with isolated CNS involvement compared with those with bone marrow involvement (91% [82–100] vs 71% [64–78]; p=0·046). The incidence and severity of neurotoxicity (any grade, 53 [41%] vs 38 [58%]; grade 1, 24 [19%] vs 20 [30%]; grade 2, 14 [11%] vs 10 [15%]; grade 3, 12 [9%] vs 6 [9%], and grade 4, 3 [2%] vs 2 [3%]; p=0·20) and cytokine release syndrome (any grade, 110 [85%] vs 53 [80%]; grade 1, 12 [9%] vs 2 [3%]; grade 2, 61 [47%] vs 38 [58%]; grade 3, 18 [14%] vs 7 [11%] and grade 4, 19 [15%] vs 6 [9%]; p=0·26) did not differ between the CNS-negative and the CNS-positive disease strata. Interpretation: Tisagenlecleucel and huCART19 are active at clearing CNS disease and maintaining durable remissions in children and young adults with CNS relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphocytic leukaemia or lymphocytic lymphoma, without increasing the risk of severe neurotoxicity; although care should be taken in the timing of therapy and disease control to mitigate this risk. These preliminary findings support the use of these CAR T-cell therapies for patients with CNS relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphocytic leukaemia. Funding: Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Frontier Program. ER  - 
Burden of acute symptomatic seizures in cerebral venous sinus thrombosis: A nationwide United States analysis$$$ Introduction: Acute symptomatic seizures (ASS) are seen in one-third of cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVT) cases either as the presenting symptom or shortly after diagnosis in the acute phase. The goal of our study was to assess the trends in recognition of ASS in CVT over the years and to determine factors predictive of ASS in the patients with CVT for early identification of candidates who would benefit from anti-seizure medications (ASM). Materials and methods: The Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) database was accessed to identify adult inpatient admissions with a primary or secondary diagnosis of CVT. Comorbidities, complications, risk factors, and procedures pertaining to these hospitalizations were compared between CVT patients with and without ASS. Results: A total of 53,710 CVT-related hospitalizations were identified, of which 18.1% of patients had a burden of ASS at presentation or subsequently during hospitalization. CVT patients with ASS had a longer average duration of hospitalization and higher overall morbidity and mortality. Conclusions: Our study showed ~one in five patients (18.1%) with CVT had ASS. ASS patients had higher odds of mortality and disability at discharge, requiring post-discharge rehabilitation care. It is crucial to identify risk factors of ASS in the CVT population to avoid future preventable revisit related to seizures. Additional research is required for risk stratification of patients with CVT for primary and secondary seizure prophylaxis and determining the appropriate choice and duration of ASM in these patients. ER  - 
Risk for early onset Dementia among Veterans: The contributions of TBI and Epilepsy$$$ Research Objectives: To identify the impact of TBI and epilepsy on subsequent diagnoses of early onset dementia (EOD) in a cohort of post-9/11 era Veterans as both are associated with dementia in older individuals and are more common in Post-9/11 Veterans than the general population. Design: Retrospective observational study of Post-9/11 Veterans in VA care FY02-FY18. Setting: National longitudinal data from Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs. Participants: Post-9/11 Veterans 3 years of care. Interventions: N/A. Main Outcome Measures: EOD was operationalized using ICD-9-CM/10 diagnoses for diagnoses previously identified as reliable for EOD (Alzheimer's and frontotemporal dementia). TBI severity was identified using self-reports from the VA Comprehensive TBI Evaluation and ICD-9-CM/10 codes. Epilepsy was identified using a previously validated algorithm requiring ICD-9-CM/10 codes and anticonvulsant medications. Covariates included socio-/military demographics, prior deployment and comorbid conditions associated with dementia. We conducted logistic regression analysis predicting EOD to identify associations for epilepsy and TBI severity controlling for potential confounders. Results: Among the 1,055,873 Veterans who met inclusion criteria, 923 had EOD (7.4/1000 epilepsy; 0.7/1000 no epilepsy). Epilepsy (aOR 2.41 [1.98-2.93]) and TBI of all severity (aORs: mTBI 1.67 [1.40-1.99]; moderate/severe TBI 2.31 [1.80-2.98]; penetrating TBI 2.87 [2.08-3.97]) were significantly associated with EOD. Other significant predictors (aORs >1.5; p <.001) included age 50-64 and 40-49 (vs. 30-39), other neurological conditions, stroke, schizophrenia, depression, and bipolar disorder. Conclusions: Epilepsy and TBI (of all severities) were associated with EOD. While there was a near linear association of TBI severity and EOD which is consistent with prior research, there was no significant interaction between TBI and epilepsy. This suggests that each condition contributes to EOD. However, those with more TBIs have higher risk for epilepsy and EOD suggesting the mechanism of added impact of TBI severity may work through other neurological/neurodegenerative conditions. Indeed, other strong predictors of EOD (e.g., stroke, other neurological conditions) supports this hypothesis and the idea that multimorbidity associated with TBI may reveal phenotypes of neurodegenerative outcomes that require further evaluation. Author(s) Disclosures: None. ER  - 
58. IDENTIFYING POTENTIAL ENVIRONMENTAL INFLUENCES ON CLINICAL COMORBIDITIES OF SCHIZOPHRENIA THROUGH INTEGRATION OF ELECTRONIC HEALTH DATA AND GENETICS$$$ Background: Clinical comorbidities are highly prevalent among patients with psychiatric disorders affecting 68% of these patients and contributing to 60% of premature mortalities. Patients with schizophrenia (SCZ) have a reduced life expectancy of 10-20 years that is often a byproduct of associated comorbidities. A more comprehensive understanding of SCZ and its comorbidities across the health system is needed as prior epidemiological studies have focused on specific subsets of comorbid traits. Further, improved inference to the potential cause of these comorbidities is necessary for any preventative efforts. We hypothesize that comparing clinical comorbidities from electronic health record (EHR) data to genetic associations will provide insights into which comorbidities are effects of the SCZ genetic etiology vs consequences of treatment, behavior or other environmental factors. Methods: First, we defined clinical comorbidities from a logistic regression of pairwise comparisons of diagnostic billing codes (PheCodes), adjusting for demographic and other covariates from two health care systems (Vanderbilt University Medical Center, VUMC; Mass General Brigham, MGB). Comorbidities were calculated on 250,000 randomly selected patients from each site individually and then averaged together. Second, SCZ polygenic risk scores (PRS) in 64,190 genotyped patients of European ancestries were generated and compared in a logistic regression to each PheCode, adjusting for top ten ancestry components. Third, after comparing the overall clinical and PRS associations, a TOST test of equivalence was used to further evaluate top SCZ comorbidities on whether they showed a well- powered absence of association with the SCZ PRS. Results: Our EHR-based clinical comorbidities were highly consistent across both institutions overall (r=0.79) and for SCZ specifically (r=0.85). We show significant replication of comorbidities previously identified in the literature including, epilepsy, diabetes, and atrial fibrillation (9/15, with p<0.05). After multiple test correction, there were 59 significant comorbid associations with SCZ (41 psychiatric conditions and 18 physical illnesses). We identified a significant overall correlation between the clinical and genetic associations both within (r = 0.53, p = 6.2 × 10-118) and cross institution (r =0.49, p =8.4 × 10-81). However, 11 of these 59 comorbidities showed highly significant equivalence of SCZ PRS between cases and controls indicating an absence of contribution to phenotypic comorbidity from common variant SCZ genetics. Discussion: Our method for quantifying comorbidity using EHR data is consistent across institutions, replicates the literature and is significantly correlated with shared genetic risk. Intriguingly, we identify 11 phenotypes that show significant phenotypic comorbidity with SCZ but lack any shared common variant risk with SCZ. These comorbid phenotypes may represent examples caused by other risk factors including rare variation, disease or treatment consequences or medical practice. Our results also identify several positive control examples with expected temporal patterns including movement disorders that are a known byproduct of antipsychotics and hepatitis as an outcome of behavior such as substance use. We further identify other comorbid phenotypes that could be modifiable environmental risk factors and point to strategies to improve health outcomes for SCZ patients. Disclosure: Nothing to disclose. ER  - 
Anterior nucleus of the thalamus deep brain stimulation with concomitant vagus nerve stimulation for drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ BACKGROUND: The Food and Drug Administration approved the deep brain stimulation of the anterior nucleus of the thalamus (ANT-DBS) as an adjunctive therapy for drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) in the United States in 2018. The DBS Therapy for Epilepsy Post-Approval Study is further evaluating the safety and effectiveness of ANT-DBS among different patients' groups. For this study, devices for vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) must be removed prior to enrolment. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the outcomes of concomitant ANT-DBS and VNS treatment for DRE. METHODS: A retrospective analysis was performed for 33 patients who underwent ANT-DBS using previous VNS to define distinct subgroups: standard ANT-DBS (9 subjects), ANT-DBS with functional VNS (12 subjects), and ANT-DBS with the VNS implantable pulse generator explanted or turned off at the time of the DBS (12 subjects). Effectiveness and safety data were analyzed across the whole population and among subgroups. RESULTS: A mean decrease in seizure frequency of 55% was observed after a mean follow-up of 25.5 mo. Approximately 67% of patients experienced ≥50% reduction in seizure frequency. Seizure reduction percentage was not significantly different among groups. Approximately 50% of subjects with no appreciable improvement and 75% of those who showed benefit after VNS (including improvement in seizure frequency, seizure severity, and seizure duration or quality of life) achieved a seizure reduction ≥50% after ANT-DBS surgery. There were no complications related to concomitant VNS and ANT-DBS. CONCLUSION: ANT-DBS for DRE provides excellent results despite previous and ongoing VNS therapy. Removal of VNS does not appear to be necessary before ANT-DBS. ER  - 
RARE MANIFESTATIONS OF HYDROXYZINE OVERDOSE INDUCED ARDS AND DISTRIBUTIVE SHOCK$$$ TOPIC: Critical Care TYPE: Medical Student/Resident Case Reports INTRODUCTION: Hydroxyzine primarily treats pruritus, anxiety, and insomnia due to its ability to bind histaminic, muscarinic, serotonergic, and dopaminergic receptors. Here, we present a case of rare manifestations of hydroxyzine overdose. CASE PRESENTATION: A 30-year-old female presented after a suicidal attempt with presumptive amlodipine overdose. She was found tachycardic, tachypnic, hypotensive, and lethargic. Urine and serum drug screen was negative. Blood gas revealed a non-anion gap metabolic acidosis. Chest x-ray (CXR) showed no anomalies. ECG revealed sinus tachycardia with normal QT interval. A head CT showed no anomalies. Crystalloid fluid resuscitation was initiated for presumptive amlodipine overdose induced hypotension. Norepinephrine (NE) drip was initiated for distributive shock. Day 1, she complained of excessive thirst and urinary retention; CXR showed bilateral diffuse infiltrates. Echocardiogram revealed left ventricular ejection fraction of 60-65% without wall motion abnormalities or valvulopathy. Day 2, she developed delirium and visual hallucination, warm and dry, intermittent hypotension, large A-a gradient, PaO2/FiO2 ratio <100, and worsening bilateral infiltrates on CXR; consistent with severe ARDS requiring intubation. Clinical presentation was suspicious for anticholinergic toxicity. External records revealed a 120-tablet hydroxyzine 25 mg prescription, and the family provided an update revealing an empty bottle of 90 tabs of hydroxyzine 25mg at home. There was no role for hemodialysis or hemoperfusion. She required maximal support on NE, vasopressin, phenylephrine, and dopamine for worsening distributive shock. Due to persistent anticholinergic symptomatology, two trials of physostigmine were administered with transient avail. Day 3, she required maximal ventilator support for worsening hypoxemia and was referred for ECMO. Day 4, she was slowly weaned off of dopamine, phenylephrine and NE prior to transfer to the ECMO facility. After transfer, she was weaned off of vasopressin, extubated, and discharged home prior to the initiation of ECMO. DISCUSSION: In young adults, hydroxyzine has a 20-hour half life. Our patient ingested about 2 grams of hydroxyzine. The diagnosis of anticholinergic toxicity may be confirmed by resolution or improvement of symptoms during a slow IV injection of 0.5 to 1 mg of physostigmine salicylate. General supportive care and seizure control with physostigmine and diazepam may result in complete recovery within 72 hours. CONCLUSIONS: Hydroxyzine is a safe and effective drug, but life-threatening adverse effects can occur with overdose. Symptoms of toxicity are delirium, seizures, tachycardia, and hypotension. High dose of hydroxyzine may cause ARDS and distributive shock. A postmortem analysis of a confirmed hydroxyzine overdose demonstrated severe pulmonary edema, hyperemia and occasional alveolar hemorrhage. REFERENCE #1: Iain M. Phyllis M. Amber T. Jacquelyn M. Hydroxyzine distribution in postmortem cases and potential for redistribution. Forensic Science International 231 (2013) 28-33. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.forsciint.2013.04.013 REFERENCE #2: Alshahrani MSS, Attalla M, Perri D, Klimaszyk D. Anticholinergic Syndrome (Anticholinergic Toxicity). McMaster Textbook of Internal Medicine. Kraków: Medycyna Praktyczna. https://empendium.com/mcmtextbook/chapter/B31.II.20.11. Accessed March 31, 2021. REFERENCE #3: Sonia L. Kristen M. Spencer G. James T. Manpreet V. Gwen E. Extracorporeal Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation After Diphenhydramine Ingestion. Journal of Medical Toxicology (2018) 14:253-256. http://doi.org/10.1007/s13181-018-0672-6 DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Alex Morizio, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Tram Nguyen, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Elena Tellez, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Yaswanraj Yuvaraj, source=Web Response ER  - 
Neurological disorders associated with COVID-19 infection: An Italian multi-center cohort study (NEURO-COVID)$$$ Background and aims: A variety of neurological disorders has been reported as presentations or complications of COVID-19 infection. The NEURO-COVID study is a multi-center cohort study of neurological disorders associated with COVID-19 conducted in 51 centers in Italy, sponsored by the Italian Society of Neurology (SIN). Methods: We present an interim analysis of hospitalized adult patients with COVID-19 infection, defined by a positive SARS-CoV-2 test independently from clinical severity, and concomitant newly diagnosed neurological disorders. Patients were recruited from March 1, 2020 to March 26, 2021 from 18 centers and followed-up prospectively for 6 months. Follow-up data at 6 months are currently ongoing and will be available for the WCN 2021 congress. Results: 904 patients with confirmed COVID-19 infection and concomitant newly diagnosed neurological disorders were recruited. The median age was 68 years (IQR 56–78) and 57.5% were males. Severe acute respiratory syndrome occurred in 35.9%. The most common new neurological diagnoses were hypogeusia (21.1%), hyposmia (20.5%), acute ischemic stroke (19.6%), delirium (14.4%), headache (12.3%), cognitive impairment (11.3%), abnormal behaviour or psychosis (8.9%), seizures (5.9%), Guillain-Barrè syndrome (5.1%), severe encephalopathy with stupor or coma (3.7%), dizziness (3.0%), encephalitis (2.3%) and haemorrhagic stroke (2.3%). Overall, the onset of neurological disorders occurred during the presymptomatic-asymptomatic phase in 45.9%, during the acute respiratory illness in 37.5% and after recovery in 16.6%. In-hospital mortality was 12.2% and was mostly due to COVID-related respiratory failure (9.1%). Conclusions: A wide spectrum of treatable neurological disorders are associated with COVID-19 infection. Most cases occur in late middle-aged adults with mild or severe respiratory syndrome. ER  - 
Identifying socioeconomic, psychiatric, and biological risk factors in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Background and aims: PNES make up 20–30% of diagnoses for intractable epilepsy, resulting in incorrect treatment and unnecessary medical cost. The aim of this case-control study is to identify risk factors associated with the development of PNES, which could potentially aid with earlier disease recognition. Methods: To identify socioeconomic and medical risk factors unique to PNES, a retrospective case-control study was conducted at an epilepsy center in Hawaii. After excluding patients without a video EEG, 101 patients were identified. Two sets of randomly-selected controls were utilized: 303 unmatched and 202 matched by age, sex, and race. Results: PNES median age was 43 (IQR 30–54), 16 years younger than controls (95% CI: 12.00–21.00), p = 7.95 × 10−12). Median household income was $3760 (95% CI: 0.000029–10935; p = 0.0054) less amongst PNES patients. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Conclusions: There are socioeconomic and racial disparities that play a role in the development of PNES. ER  - 
Electroclinical aspects of occipital epilepsy seen in the neurosciences and mental health laboratory Antsakaviro$$$ Background and aims: Occipital epilepsy occurs when the initial site of epileptic discharge involves part or all of the occipital lobe. Occipital epilepsy is the least common of the other types of epilepsy and is rarely described in the literature. However, the manifestation located initially in the occipital cortex, which is a functional zone of vision, leads to its protean aspect. It can be a source of diagnostic wandering. The purpose of this study is to describe the electroencephalographic clinical characteristics of patients seen for occipital epilepsy at the Laboratory of Neurosciences and Mental Health, Antsakaviro, Madagascar. Methods: This is a retrospective and descriptive study that took place over a one-year period (January 2016 to December 2016). Included in this study were all patients diagnosed with clinically and EEG-confirmed occipital epilepsy. A correlation between clinical manifestations and electroclinical data is sought. Results: We retained 66 patients with male predominance (sex ratio: 1.4). The age of the patients ranged from 3 to 55 years with a mean age of 13.77 years. Patients reside in urban areas and the majority are of non-school age. The clinical manifestations of occipital epilepsy are mainly paroxysmal visual hallucinations lasting on average 3 min and of variable frequency. EEG signs are predominantly paroxysmal activities with a predominant or occipital starting point. Conclusions: The clinical and electroencephalographic manifestations of occipital epilepsy deserve special attention in order to make a proper diagnosis. ER  - 
Sleep disorders in childhood epilepsy$$$ Background and aims: Sleep has a great influence on epileptic seizures and epilepsy significantly affects the quality and restorative functions of sleep. Clinical research has found a fairly high prevalence in children with epilepsy compared to healthy children. The aims of our study: -Study the risk factors for sleep disorders in children with epilepsy -Identify the most frequent sleep disorders. Methods: This is a case-control study, carried in the neurology department of Tlemcen University Hospital. The questionnaire on children's sleep habits (CSHQ) was used. A total score of 41 is a sensitive threshold for clinically significant sleep problems. The Children's Quality of Life Questionnaire (KINDL-R). Factors related to epilepsy were evaluated, in addition to questioning with parent. Patient informations were collected such as age at diagnosis, type of epileptic seizures, duration of epilepsy, and treatment. Statistical study was carried SPSS(22). Results: 59 children and adolescents with epilepsy and 28 controls were included in the study. The mean age of the epilepsy and control groups was 12.2 ± 2.45and 1.8 ± 1.25,respectively. In the epilepsy group, 54.2% presented with generalized epilepsy,32.2% with partial epilepsy. The majority of patients had seizures once a year(79.6%)0.76.2% of patients were on antiepileptics monotherapy. Comparison of CSHQ scores between children with epilepsy and controls concluded that the total score and CSHQ sub-scores were higher in the epilepsy group(p < 0, 005). The KINDL-R total score was lower in children with epilepsy. Conclusions: Sleep disorders in epilepsy childhood not only predispose to mood, cognitive and behavioral disturbances, but also have a significant impact on physical health. ER  - 
Spectrum of movement disorders among children with subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPE): A cross-sectional study$$$ Background and aims: Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPE) is a rare neurodegenerative disorder due to persistent mutant measles virus infection, affecting children and young adults. Although movement disorders are known to occur in SSPE, their spectrum is poorly described in literature. We aimed to assess spectrum of movement disorders associated with pediatric SSPE. Methods: We conducted a single-center cross-sectional study and enrolled consecutive children (1 month-18 years) with SSPE who fulfilled modified Dyken criteria. We collected demographic, clinical and laboratory features and modified Rankin score (mRS) and Jabbour stage at presentation. All children were exhaustively examined for movement disorders. Results: We enrolled 30 children (20 males; 66.7%). Median age at presentation and onset was 5.4 (range: 2.5–14) years and 4.65 (1.5–14) years. Median duration of illness was 3 (0.3–36) months. Median mRS at presentation was 4 (2–5) and Jabbour staging 2 (1–3). Presenting complaints included myoclonus (n = 28; 93.3%), cognitive issues (26; 86.7%), recurrent falls (12; 40%), seizures (10; 30%) and ataxia (5; 16.7%). Of these, 13 (43.3%) patients demonstrated movement disorders other than myoclonus. These included chorea/athetosis (4; 13.3%), tremor (3; 10%), parkinsonism (3; 10%), dystonia (2; 6.7%) and repetitive behaviors (2; 6.7%). There were no significant differences in terms of age at onset, sex, duration of illness or non-movement disorder clinical features among children with SSPE with and without movement disorders. Conclusions: Movement disorders are a common clinical feature among children with SSPE. This possibility must be considered among children presenting with movement disorders, especially in combination with myoclonus and cognitive impairment. ER  - 
Comparing epilepsy to psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, identification of risk factors: A retrospective case-control study$$$ Background and aims: Psychogenic Non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are commonly misdiagnosed as epilepsy. Approximately 20% of patients sent to epilepsy centers for intractable seizures were later confirmed with PNES, resulting in incorrect treatment and medical cost. The objective of this case-controlled study is to identify factors associated with the development of PNES. Methods: A retrospective case-control study was conducted at a Hawaii epilepsy center from 2014 to 2020. 101 patients with PNES were identified. Patients' socioeconomic and biopsychosocial co-morbidities were recorded. Four epilepsy patients were randomly selected per each PNES patient comparison. Statistical analysis was performed using univariant nonparametric tests, and multivariable logistic regression. Results: Odds of PNES in females was 2.34 (p = 0.00046). Median age in PNES was 43 (30, 54) and 51 (33, 66) in epilepsy, p = 0.00037. Medium household income in PNES was 77,188 (59,284, 100,311), and 82,742 (70,110, 100,311) in epilepsy, p = 0.024. Statistically significant psychiatric variables: illicit drug use (p = 0.00017), anxiety (p = 9.39*10^-14), depression (p = 7.76*10^-7), PTSD (p = 5.44*10^-7), ADHD (p = 0.030), and bipolar disorder (p = 0.0089). Statically significant biological factors: median BMI (p = 0.051), history of stroke (p = 0.028), history of TBI (p = 0.030), asthma (p = 3.29*10^-5), migraines (p = 7.18*10^-7), and chronic pain (p = 0.013). Multivariable logistic regression identified the strongest predictors of PNES: females (p = 0.026), drug use (p = 0.014), anxiety (p = 2.93*10^-05), PTSD (p = 0.024), BMI (p = 0.020), and traumatic brain injury (p = 0.052). Conclusions: PNES patients are predominantly female, eight years younger, and have lower income. They have higher odds of psychiatric factors: illicit drug use, anxiety, depression, PTSD, ADHD, and bipolar disorder; and higher BMI and odds of certain biological factors: stroke, traumatic brain injury, asthma, migraines, and chronic pain. ER  - 
Violence and epilepsy: Descriptive study of 33 cases$$$ Background and aims: Questions are often raised about the relationship between recurrent seizures and the behaviour of the epileptic person. However, some people who have seizures have behavioural problems and are responsible for medico-legal procedures despite the progress of anticomitial chemotherapy. The objective of this work is to develop the sociodemographic and clinical profile found in epileptic patients who committed violent acts. Methods: This is a retrospective study of epileptic patients hospitalized at the psychiatry department in the university hospital of Mahdia. Results: A total of 33 files were collected, 75% of patients were admitted according to the mode of involuntary hospitalization. The most frequent reason for hospitalization was motor instability (80% of cases). The average age was 31.8 years old. Sex ratio was 2.2. The level of education was low in 93% of cases, the majority (90%) of cases was without professions, single in 81% of cases. The criminal record was found in 21% of cases whereas the psychiatric history in 37% of cases: depressive disorder represents the first comorbidity found 25% of cases, psychotic disorders in 12% of cases and bipolar disorder in 6% of cases. Mental retardation and personality disorders associated with epilepsy are objectified in 62% and 12% of cases respectively. These patients were all treated with antiepileptics, 56% with thymoregulators, 37% with antipsychotics, 25% with antidepressants and 18% with benzodiazepines. Conclusions: It is important to recognize a psychiatric disorder related to epileptic seizure to adopt the therapeutic measures and to prevent the passage to the violent act. ER  - 
The prevalence of neurological symptoms and psychiatric manifestations of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) among cannabis users in psychiatric facilities in Khartoum state, Sudan 2021$$$ Background and aims: Cannabis refers to three group of plants with psychoactive properties. It can contribute to wide range of neurological and psychological manifestations. To study the prevalence of neurological symptoms & psychiatric manifestations of tetrahydrocannabinol among cannabis users in psychiatric facilities. Methods: This is an observational analytical cross sectional hospital based study that was conducted at psychiatric clinics in three hospitals in Khartoum state among 34 adults chosen as total coverage for 4 weeks, using The Edinburgh Neuro-symptoms Questionnaire, Mini international neuropsychiatric interview 5th edition and DSM-V. Results: All of the 34 were males, the mean age was 27.53 years. All of the users have psychiatric symptoms (bipolar disorders 29.4%, OCD 41.2%, psychotic feature 35.8%, major depressive disorder 67.6%, anxiety-like symptoms 61.8%, social phobia 44%, panic attack 38.2%, ideation of suicidality 47.1% and 23.5% planned to suicide). The 34 have neurological symptoms (17.6% experienced loss of consciousness (20.6% of them had convulsions), status epilepticus 11.8%, limb weakness 32.4%, numbness and altered sensation 29.4%, memory problems 64.7%, fatigability 58.8%, tremor 26.5%, lack of concentration 52.9%, blank spells during the day 47.1%, pain almost every day in more than one part of the body 29.4, vision disturbance 35.3%, tinnitus 14.7%, difficulty in swallowing and feeling of something stuck in the throat 11.8%, difficulty in speaking 35.3% and 11.8% had stutter at age of 16). Conclusions: The issues of cannabis should be taken seriously, because it is a great contributor to wide range of neurological and psychiatric manifestations. ER  - 
8.4 OUTCOMES OF YOUTH TREATED WITH ECT$$$ Objectives: The use of ECT in children and adolescents is based on a limited evidence base in the medical literature. Our objective is to review the available evidence for the safety and efficacy of ECT in pediatric patients with refractory mental health disorders. Methods: In this session, we review the available high-quality literature of ECT use in pediatric patients. We emphasize a recent study of youth treated with ECT at a single US academic medical center. Using a retrospective chart review, clinical outcomes from all patients aged 18 years and younger who received ECT at the University of Utah from 1985 through 2016 were assessed. For each patient record, 3 short-term clinical outcomes were evaluated: 1) response on the Clinical Global Impression-Improvement (CGI-I) scale; 2) number of treatments administered; and 3) reported side effects. Baseline characteristics were tested as predictors of clinical outcomes. Results: A total of 107 youth (ages 10-18 years; 46% female) received ECT for a mood disorder, psychotic disorder, catatonia, or neuroleptic malignant syndrome. Mood disorders represented the most common diagnoses (DSM-IV-TR or DSM-5), including MDD (76 patients, 71% of the sample) and bipolar disorder (23 patients, 21% of the sample). The rate of response (much improved or very much improved) for the entire cohort was 77%. The mean number of treatments administered was 10.5. The most commonly reported side effects were headache (75%) and memory problems (65%). Although one patient experienced tardive seizures, there were no deaths or serious injuries. Clinical response was not predicted by age, sex, or clinical features. Conclusions: These data suggest that ECT is a safe and effective treatment for children and adolescents with certain severe mental illnesses. ECT outcomes and side effects were similar to those reported in adults, particularly for patients aged 15 to 18 years, for whom there are the most data. Despite its utility, ECT continues to suffer from considerable stigma, and access to ECT for pediatric patients is often challenging. Important areas for future development include increased dissemination of ECT outcomes, examination of predictors of treatment response in larger cohorts, and public advocacy to improve timely and equitable access to care for pediatric patients in need. DDD, EBP, NM ER  - 
6.3 Current Treatment Practices for Depression in Children and Adolescents With Autism Spectrum Disorder and Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities$$$ Objectives: There are no evidence-based guidelines for treating depression in youth with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). We describe prescribing practices for youth with depression and ASD and compare to those with depression and intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD). Methods: Data were queried for youth aged 10 to 18 years with diagnoses of depression and ASD or IDD seen at University of North Carolina (UNC) Psychiatry clinics between 2015 and 2019. Chart review confirmed diagnoses and medications. Exclusion criteria included history of seizure, pregnancy, or substance use disorder. Data were compared across groups: ASD only, IDD only, and ASD plus IDD. Comparisons were made using χ2; Fischer’s exact tests were used for comparison of categorical variables, and ANOVA was used for comparison of continuous variables. Pairwise comparisons were conducted for significant tests (p ≤ 0.05). Results: The study cohort included 92 youth with depression, 58 with ASD only, 25 with ASD plus IDD, and 15 with IDD only. There were no significant between-group differences in age, race, ethnicity, or gender. Anxiety was more prevalent in those with IDD (71.4%) and ASD plus IDD (80%). Seven were on no medications, and 27 were on no antidepressant. Sertraline (n = 12) and fluoxetine (n = 12) were most common. Antidepressant class did not differ between groups. Among those on antidepressants, 27.7% were on an antipsychotic. Those with ASD plus IDD were 3.8 times more likely to be prescribed an antipsychotic than those with ASD only (p = 0.032; 95% CI, 1.3-11.2). Polypharmacy was common across all groups, 44.6% were prescribed 3 or more medications, and there was a trend toward higher rates in Whites (55%; p = 0.08). Those with IDD received less psychotherapy (p = 0.001). Conclusions: Antipsychotic use and polypharmacy were common in children and adolescents with depression and comorbid ASD/IDD in this psychiatry clinic. Youth with IDD are less likely to receive psychotherapy, and ASD plus IDD may be a risk factor for antipsychotic use. Based on these pilot data, future studies should further investigate antipsychotic use, polypharmacy, and best practices for treating depression in these youth. Limitations include the retrospective design, the small sample size, and a clinic-based population. ASD, DDD, PPC ER  - 
11.7 ECT for Treatment-Resistant Mood Disorders in Children and Adolescents: A Systematic Review$$$ Objectives: ECT is a well-established treatment for adults with mood disorders. However, its use is less common in youth due to limited research in minors, inadequate knowledge among many child and adolescent psychiatrists, and legal restrictions. Approximately 60% of child and adolescent patients do not respond satisfactorily to first-line treatments for mood disorders. Given the need for effective treatments for severe mood disorders in adolescents and the low use rate of ECT, we aim to systematically review existing literature examining the effectiveness and adverse-effect profile of ECT when used for treatment-resistant mood disorders in children and adolescents. Methods: Searches were conducted in MEDLINE, Embase, and PsycINFO using search terms related to: 1) children and adolescents; 2) mood disorders; and 3) ECT. Searches identified 1715 unique articles, of which 71 full texts of selected articles were reviewed, leading to 41 studies included in this study. A standardized data extraction tool was used to collect key information from each study (ie, author and publication year, objectives, participants and setting, design, measures, clinical outcomes, and side effects). Because most of the studies found were case series, the Joanna Briggs Institute Case Series Critical Appraisal tool was used to assess quality. Studies were summarized qualitatively by comparing findings across key study parameters. Results: A review of the 41 studies was performed; 20 were case series, 2 were case-control studies, and 19 were case reports. Overall response rates ranged from 51% to 92%, with patients receiving an average of 12 treatments. Among studies with n > 30, response rates were largely in the 70% to 82% range for depression and 87% to 90% range for mania. Seven studies used the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and found no evidence of significant posttreatment cognitive impairment. The majority of side effects were minor and transient. Tardive seizure was only reported in 4 patients. ECT was stopped due to side effects in 11 cases. No fatalities were reported. Conclusions: Our data suggest that ECT is safe and effective for the treatment of mood disorders in the child and adolescent population and should be considered in severe and treatment-refractory cases. Controlled studies with objective measures and long-term follow-up could further improve the evidence base. DDD, BRD, TREAT ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental outcomes in infants fed with soy formula: A retrospective, national population-based observational cohort study$$$ Background: Soy-based infant formulas are increasingly popular, but data regarding their effects on neurodevelopmental outcomes during early childhood is scanty. Objective: This study investigated the effect of consuming soy-based infant formula at 9–12 mo after birth on the subsequent development of epilepsy, neurodevelopmental disorders, and developmental status. Methods: This nationwide retrospective administrative study used health screening examinations and linked insurance claims data of children born in Korea during 2008 and 2009. Infants who received soy formula were compared with those who received cow’s milk formula using propensity score matching that considered birth history, economic status, clinical conditions, and drug prescription records. Exposure was defined as soy formula feeding determined from questionnaires completed by the parents when children were 9–12 mo old. Outcomes were epilepsy, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and developmental status. Children were followed until 31 December, 2017. Results: A total of 153,841 eligible participants were enrolled; 11,535 (7.5%) children received soy formula, while 142,864 (92.5%) received cow’s milk formula. The incidence rate of epilepsy during the follow-up period was 29.8 per 100,000 person-years (95% CI: 19.48, 41.65) in the soy formula group and 22.6 per 100,000 person-years (95% CI: 31.97, 59.07) in the cow’s milk formula group, with no significant difference (aHR: 1.318; 95% CI: 0.825, 2.106). The 2 groups also had no difference based on prespecified analysis using different definitions of epilepsy. Likewise, no significant associations of soy formula with ADHD (aHR: 1.26; 95% CI: 1.00, 1.60) or ASD (aHR: 0.99; 95% CI: 0.54, 1.83), or delays of developmental stages were observed. Conclusions: Feeding with soy formula rather than cow’s milk formula had no apparent association with increased risks of epilepsy, ADHD, ASD, and developmental status, according to this cohort composed of a general pediatric population. ER  - 
Health care utilization and costs associated with direct-acting antivirals for patients with substance use disorders and chronic hepatitis C$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with substance use disorders (SUD) and chronic hepatitis C virus infection (HCV) have limited access to direct-acting antivirals (DAAs) due to multilevel issues related to providers (eg, concern about reinfection); patients (eg, refusal); payers (eg, prior authorization); and health system structure, although clinical guidelines recommend timely DAA treatment for patients with SUD and HCV. Effects of DAAs on real-world health care utilization and costs among these patients is unknown. OBJECTIVE: To compare changes in medical service utilization and costs related to liver, SUD, and all-cause morbidity in patients with SUD and HCV treated with DAAs (DAA group) vs not treated with DAAs (non-DAA group). METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using MarketScan Commercial and Medicare Supplemental Claims databases (2012-2018) for newly diagnosed HCV treatment-naive adults with SUD. We used difference-in-differences analyses, stratified by cirrhosis status, to determine the adjusted ratio of rate ratio (RoRR) to assess the difference in the relative changes from the pre- to posttreatment periods between the 2 groups. RESULTS: 6,266 patients with SUD and HCV were identified. Of these patients who also had cirrhosis (n=607), 49% (n=298) initiated DAA therapy for HCV, whereas of those without cirrhosis (n=5,659), 22% (n=1,219) initiated DAAs. For patients with cirrhosis (n=607), the liver-related costs decreased by $6,213 (95% CI=−$8,571, −$3,856) for the DAA group and $1,585 (95% CI=−$4,659, $1,490) for the non-DAA group. The relative decreases in the rate of liver-related costs were larger for the DAA group than for the non-DAA group, and the relative changes between groups were significantly different (RoRR=0.37, 95% CI=0.19-0.73). There was no difference in the relative changes after DAAs in the rate of SUD-related visits/costs or all-cause costs between the 2 groups. For patients without cirrhosis (n=5,659), a similar association was observed. Besides, the relative decreases in the rate of SUD-related emergency department (ED) visits (RoRR=0.54, 95% CI=0.38-0.77); SUD-related long-term care visits (RoRR=0.30, 95% CI=0.13-0.73); all-cause ED visits (RoRR=0.75, 95% CI=0.64-0.88); and all-cause long term-care visits (RoRR=0.36, 95% CI=0.18-0.72) were larger in the DAA group than in the non-DAA group. CONCLUSIONS: DAAs are associated with a significant decrease in the rate of SUD-related ED visits and liver-related costs without increasing the rate of all-cause costs among patients with SUD and HCV, suggesting that the benefits of DAAs extended beyond liver-related outcomes, especially in this disadvantaged population. ER  - 
Characterizing demographics, comorbidities, and costs of care among populations with Duchenne muscular dystrophy with Medicaid and commercial coverage$$$ BACKGROUND: Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) is a severe X-linked progressive neurodegenerative disease characterized by loss of ambulation, cardiomyopathy, respiratory insufficiency, and early mortality. Few data are available that describe the direct medical costs among patients with DMD in the United States. OBJECTIVE: To characterize the demographics, comorbidity burden, and direct monthly costs of care among patients with DMD with Medicaid and with commercial insurance coverage. METHODS: IBM MarketScan Commercial and Multi-State Medicaid claims (2013-2018) were used to identify males aged 30 years or under with diagnostic codes for muscular dystrophy or DMD; additional exclusion criteria were applied to identify those with probable DMD. Baseline characteristics and comorbidities were tabulated. The frequency of health care resource use and median (interquartile range [IQR]) monthly costs (in 2018 USD) were estimated from those with at least 12 months of continuous follow-up. RESULTS: Median (IQR) baseline ages were similar between the Medicaid (14 [9-20] years; n=2,007) and commercial (15 [9-21] years; n=1,964) DMD cohorts. The frequency of comorbidities over the period was slightly higher with those on Medicaid. The median duration of follow-up was 3.1 years among members of the Medicaid DMD cohort and 1.7 years among the commercial DMD cohort. Median monthly resource use was generally higher among the Medicaid DMD cohort; nonetheless, median (IQR) monthly costs were similar at $1,735 ($367-$5,281) for the Medicaid DMD cohort vs $1,883 ($657-$6,796) for the commercial DMD cohort. CONCLUSIONS: The demographic characteristics and median direct medical costs were similar between patients with commercial vs Medicaid coverage, even though patients with Medicaid coverage had higher resource use. Despite challenges in definitively identifying DMD patients using claims data, these findings help characterize contemporary DMD populations in the United States and the related direct economic burden to the payer. ER  - 
198 Neuropsychiatric Effects of Cannabis Toxicity in the Emergency Department: A Community-Based Study$$$ Study Objective: The state law to legalize recreational use of marijuana in Michigan went into effect in December 2018. Increased availability and use of cannabis in Michigan have led to a marked increase in emergency department (ED) visits associated with the drug’s neuropsychiatric effects. Our purpose was to describe the prevalence, clinical features, and disposition of cannabis neuropsychiatric toxicity in a community-based study. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort analysis of consecutive patients diagnosed with toxicity related to cannabis use. Patients were seen at seven emergency departments (EDs) over a 24-month study period (November 2018-October 2020). Spanning 13 counties in Michigan, affiliated institutions included three rural medical centers, three university-affiliated hospitals, and a children’s tertiary care facility. Data collected included demographics, clinical features, and treatment outcomes in patients presenting to the ED with neuropsychiatric symptoms (NPS) versus those experiencing other forms of cannabis toxicity. Chi-squared and t-tests were used to compare these two groups across key demographic and outcome variables. One investigator performed a blinded critical review of a random sample of 10% of the charts to determine inter- rater reliability using kappa statistics. Results: During the study period, 1214 patients were evaluated for cannabis toxicity. A total of 584 patients (48.1%) had a neuropsychiatric chief complaint (NPS group) and 630 (51.9%) experienced other forms of cannabis toxicity, predominantly symptoms of intoxication (51.0%) or cannabis hyperemesis syndrome (37.5%). The NPS group presented with acute anxiety (37.5%), suicidal ideation (18.4%), depression (16.1%), hallucinations (9.5%), mania (5.9%), seizures (5.5%), psychosis (4.6%), and paranoia (4.5%). NPS patients were more likely to younger (25.3 vs 29.2 years, P<0.001), have comorbidities (15.3 vs 9.2%, P=0.001) and a history of polysubstance abuse (13.2 vs 8.6%, P=0.004). These patients also had a longer ED length-of-stay (7.3 vs 4.0 hours, P<0.001) and significantly more hospital admissions (41.9% vs 6.4%, P<0.001). Reliability of data collection (k = 0.91) showed excellent agreement. Conclusions: Neuropsychiatric toxicity is common after acute or chronic cannabis exposures, occurring in nearly half of ED patients in this community-based study. These troublesome findings highlight the risks associated with the use of cannabis for recreational or therapeutic purposes. ER  - 
71 Adulteration of Illicit Drugs in Emergency Department Patients With Acute Opioid Overdose: A Multicenter Cohort$$$ Study Objective: Many illicit opioids contain adulterants that are potentially harmful. We describe analytically confirmed adulterants present in a cohort of ED patients presenting after an opioid overdose. Methods: This case series includes adult ED patients who presented after a suspected opioid overdose to an emergency department at a participating site in the American College of Medical Toxicology’s Toxicology Investigators Consortium (ToxIC) fentalog study group between 10/6/20-3/9/21. Case exclusion criteria were unavailable specimens, non-toxicological alternate diagnoses (trauma, burns, sepsis), prisoners, and children <18. Participating sites include 5 facilities in 4 States (Pennsylvania, Missouri, New York, and Oregon). Discarded blood samples were collected and toxicological confirmation was performed via liquid chromatography quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry for the presence of over 900 psychoactive substances and their metabolites, including adulterants. Patients included in this analysis were positive for at least one adulterant upon toxicological confirmation. Results: Out of 760 patients screened, 81 met inclusion criteria; the median (IQR) age was 36 (34-49) years and the majority were men (59; 72.8%). Of the 81 samples tested, 61 contained illicit opioids Only 4 (4.9%) of the 61 lacked adulterants. Adulterants present are summarized in the Table, and included quinine (41; 50.6%), levamisole (25; 30.9%), xylazine (16; 20%), lidocaine (16; 20%), phenacetin (13; 16%), and diphenhydramine (12; 14.8%). Phenacetin was primarily confined to samples from PA, whereas levamisole, lidocaine, and xylazine were located in Pennsylvania and Missouri. Quinine was present from samples in all four states. While most samples that tested positive for either phenacetin or levamisole had the presence of cocaine, 4 out of 25 (16%) samples that contained levamisole lacked any evidence of cocaine. Discussion: In this cohort, adulterants were widespread, even though there was geographic variation. While this analysis was not designed to evaluate toxicity from the adulterants specifically, it is possible that toxicity occurs. Quinine is a 1a anti-arrhythmic, and is associated with nausea, vomiting, hypoglycemia, thrombocytopenia, and cinchonism (tinnitus, blindness, and dizziness). Phenacetin is associated with renal failure with papillary necrosis, oxidant stress, and is a probable carcinogen. Levamisole is associated with agranulocytosis and vasculitis with disfiguring skin necrosis. Xylazine is a phenothiazine used in veterinary medicine as a sedative, and its toxicity includes severe hypotension and CNS depression. Lidocaine is a local anesthetic associated with seizures and arrhythmias in high doses. Diphenhydramine has been associated with urinary retention, delirium, as well as other antimuscarinic symptoms, seizures, and arrhythmias. Conclusion: In this cohort, adulterants were detected often in the blood samples of patients with illicit opioid overdose, and variations of adulterants were based on the specific opioid as well as geographical region. The most consequential adulterants physicians should be aware of include phenacetin, quinine, levamisole, and xylazine. [Formula presented] ER  - 
Prevalence of depression and associated factors among patients with epilepsy at the University of Gondar Comprehensive Specialized Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia, 2019$$$ Introduction Depression is a commonly overwhelming problem among patients with epilepsy which compromises their quality of life especially in developing countries. Previously limited studies were conducted using Becks Depression Inventory tool in Ethiopia. The aim of this study’s objective was to determine the prevalence of depression and associated factors among patients with epilepsy. Methods Institution based cross-sectional study was employed at the University of Gondar Comprehensive Specialized Hospital from March 01–30, 2019.A total of 370 participants were selected using an interview administered structured questionnaire. Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale was used to assess the prevalence of depression.Multivariable logistic regression analysis was done to investigate potential predictors and variables with a P-value of < 0.05 and a 95% confidence interval were considered statistically significant. Results A total of 370 study participants participated with a response rate of 92%. From the total respondents 37% experienced depression. Perceived stigma (AOR = 3.89, CI: 2.27, 6.68), educational status (AOR = 0.48, CI: 0.25, 0.92), residence (AOR = 0.5, CI: 0.28, 0.89), frequency of seizure (AOR = 2.07, CI: 1.01, 4.23) and social support (AOR = 2.73, CI: 1.41–5.31) were significantly associated with depression status. Conclusion This study revealed that prevalence of depression among Epileptic patients was high. Perceived stigma, educational status, residence, frequency of seizure and social support were significantly associated with depression status. Thus, health care workers better to give more emphasis to patients with perceived stigma, higher number of seizure frequency and to those with poor level of social support. ER  - 
Long-term risk of epilepsy, cerebral palsy and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children affected by a threatened abortion in utero$$$ Background: The birth of a child affected by a threatened abortion (TAB) in utero is associated with autism spectrum disorder; association with other neurological disorders is unknown. Methods: This nationwide registry-based cohort study included singletons live-born in Denmark (1979-2010), followed through 2016. The outcomes were epilepsy, cerebral palsy (CP) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We used Cox regression to compute hazard ratios (HRs), adjusted for birth year, birth order, parental age, morbidity, medication use and maternal socio-economic factors. To remove time-invariant family-shared confounding, we applied sibling analyses. Results: The study population included 1 864 221 singletons live-born in 1979-2010. Among the TAB-affected children (N = 59 134) vs TAB-unaffected children, at the end of follow-up, the cumulative incidence was 2.2% vs 1.6% for epilepsy, 0.4% vs 0.2% for CP and 5.5% vs 4.2% for ADHD (for children born in 1995-2010). The adjusted HRs were 1.25 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.16-1.34] for epilepsy, 1.42 (95% CI 1.20-1.68) for CP and 1.21 (95% CI 1.14-1.29) for ADHD. In the sibling design, the adjusted HRs were unity for epilepsy (full siblings: 0.96, 95% CI 0.82-1.12; maternal: 1.04, 95% CI 0.90-1.20; paternal: 1.08, 95% CI 0.93-1.25) and ADHD (full: 1.08, 95% CI 0.92-1.27; maternal: 1.04, 95% CI 0.90-1.20; paternal: 1.08, 95% CI 0.93-1.25). For CP, HRs shifted away from unity among sibling pairs (full: 2.92, 95% CI 1.33-6.39; maternal: 2.03, 95% CI 1.15-3.57; paternal: 3.28, 95% CI 1.36-7.91). Conclusions: The birth of a child affected by TAB in utero was associated with a greater risk of CP, but not epilepsy or ADHD. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression among epileptic patients in Taif City, Saudi Arabia$$$ Objectives: To assess depression and its relation with different factors among people with epilepsy in wider range of ages. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in Taif city. The sample size was 150; the inclusion criteria were ≥18-year-old patients diagnosed with epilepsy. The data were collected by interviewing patients following up from rural and urban areas of Taif in neurology clinics at King Faisal Medical Complex (KFMC) and King Abdul-Aziz Specialist Hospital (KAASH). The PHQ-9 score was used to screen for depression. Results: Our study showed that approximately 76.7% (n=115) of the patients had some form of depression. A severe form of depression was identified in 8.7% (n=13) of the patients, and a moderately severe form was observed in 13.3% (n=20) of the patients. There was no significant association between depression and gender, duration of epilepsy, type of epilepsy, and medications for epilepsy, while there was a statistical association between depression and age, stress level, and employment status (p<0.044, p<0.001, p<0.008, respectively). Conclusion: Depression is common in people with epilepsy. Regular screening for depression is recommended in people with epilepsy for early detection and treatment. ER  - 
Adding a Low Dose of Fentanyl to Propofol in Patients Receiving Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effects of low-dose fentanyl combined with a reduced dose of propofol on seizure duration and hemodynamic response during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Materials and Methods: Twenty-two patients with the American Society of Anesthesiologist Physical Status II to III undergoing ECT were enrolled in the present study. One hundred and five bilateral ECT sessions randomized to receive thiopental 2 mg/kg, propofol 1 mg/kg, and fentanyl 0.3 mcg/kg, followed by propofol 0.5 mg/kg. Succinylcholine 0.5 mg/kg was used for muscle paralysis. Seizure duration, awakening time and hemodynamic changes were compared between groups. Results: One hundred and five bilateral ECT treatments were randomized into thiopental group (n=35), propofol group (n=35), and fentanyl plus propofol group (n=35). The thiopental and fentanyl plus propofol groups had longer EEG and motor seizure durations than the propofol group, but the differences were not statistically significant. There was no difference in stimulus intensity across groups. However, fentanyl plus propofol group had statistically significant prolonged awakening time compare with thiopental group [mean difference 2.71, (95% CI 0.37 to 5.06, p=0.019)] and propofol group (mean difference 2.77, 95% CI 0.42 to 5.12, p=0.016). Only systolic blood pressure in propofol group was significantly lower than thiopental group [mean difference -10.4, (95% CI -19.4 to -1.38, p=0.018)]. There were no significant differences in diastolic blood pressure (df=2, F=2.546, p=0.083), heart rate (df=2, F=0.596, p=0.553), or oxygen saturation across group (df=2, F=2.914, p=0.059). Conclusion: Using a combination of low-dose fentanyl and low-dose propofol during ECT could be beneficial. Further investigation is needed to establish the optimal dose of propofol and fentanyl. ER  - 
Suicide and Seizures: A National Cohort Study in Veterans$$$ ObjectiveThe increased rate of suicide associated with epilepsy has been described, but no studies have reported the rates of suicide and suicide-related behavior (SRB) associated with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs).MethodsThis retrospective cohort study analyzed data from October 2002 to October 2017 within Veterans Health Administration services. Of 801,734 veterans, 0.09% had PNES, 1.37% had epilepsy, and 98.5% had no documented seizures. Veterans coded for completed suicide, suicide attempts, and suicidal ideation were identified from electronic health records. The primary measure was the suicide-specific standardized mortality ratio (SMR) based on the number of suicide deaths and CDC national suicide mortality database. A Poisson regression was used to calculate the relative risk (RR) of suicide across groups.ResultsA total of 1,870 veterans (mean age [SD] 33.76 [7.81] years) completed suicide. Veterans with PNES (RR = 1.75, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.84-4.24) and veterans with epilepsy (RR = 2.19, 95% CI 2.10-2.28) had a higher risk of suicide compared with the general veteran population. Veterans with PNES or epilepsy had a higher risk of suicide and SRB if they had comorbid alcohol abuse, illicit drug abuse, major depression, posttraumatic stress disorder, and use of psychotropic medications. Conversely, those who were married or attained higher education were at a decreased risk. The SMR for completed suicide for PNES, epilepsy, and the comparison group was 2.65 (95% CI 1.95-5.52), 2.04 (95% CI 1.60-2.55), and 0.70 (95% CI 0.67-0.74), respectively.ConclusionsVeterans with seizures (both psychogenic and epileptic) are at a greater risk of death by suicide and SRB than the comparison group. These findings suggest that although the pathophysiology of PNES and epilepsy is different, the negative impact of seizures is evident in the psychosocial outcomes in both groups. ER  - 
Executive Functions and Attention in Patients With Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures Compared With Healthy Controls: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Objective Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) are considered functional neurological symptoms and are highly prevalent in specialized epilepsy clinics. The underlying mechanisms of PNES are not fully understood. Recent findings point toward possible alterations in attention and executive functions. This study aimed to extend the current knowledge of attention and executive function in patients with PNES and to assess possible relationships between seizures and dissociation, childhood trauma, and cognitive function. Methods We recruited 40 patients with PNES and 40 sex-, age-, and education-matched healthy controls (HCs) in this study. Participants completed self-report questionnaires to assess early life stress (Childhood Trauma Questionnaire [CTQ]), dissociation (the German version of the Dissociative Experience Scale, or Fragebogen zu dissoziativen Symptomen), and depression (Patient Health Questionnaire-9). Executive functions and attention were assessed with the Trail Making Test (TMT), Digit Span, and Attention Network Task. Results Compared with HCs, patients with PNES reported significantly higher levels of childhood trauma, depression, and dissociation. Patients with PNES also had reduced performance indices for Digit Span Forward (d = 0.62), Digit Span Backward (d = 0.62), and TMT (d = 0.67) but not Attention Network Task. CTQ scores positively correlated with TMT and Digit Span Backward performance in patients with PNES. Adjusting for CTQ scores attenuated the observed group difference in TMT performance. Depression and dissociation did not explain the observed findings. Conclusions These results contribute to the evidence of impaired executive functions in patients with PNES. Furthermore, childhood trauma scores, but not (trait) dissociation or depression scores, seem to drive group differences (HC versus patients with PNES). ER  - 
Ketamine in depression and electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Purpose of reviewThe antidepressant effect of subanesthetic doses of ketamine was recognized 20 years ago. This review briefly summarizes the current understanding of the antidepressant mechanisms and the available clinical research on the use of racemic ketamine and enantiomer esketamine for depression.Recent findingsThe antidepressant effect of subanesthetic doses of ketamine is currently considered to be predominantly mediated by improved neuroplasticity in cortico-limbic areas in the brain. Single dose of 0.5mg/kg of ketamine infused intravenously over 40min, or single intranasal dose of esketamine cause rapid antidepressant and antisuicidal effects within hours of administration, and the antidepressant effect may last up to a week. Repeated administration of nasal spray esketamine is considered to prevent relapse of depression. Longitudinal studies are currently insufficient. When used in various doses for anesthetic induction for electroconvulsive therapy, ketamine improves seizure quality and may possibly diminish posttherapy cognitive impairment.SummaryA rapid onset antidepressive effect of ketamine and esketamine has been proven conclusively. The results of extensive basic science research of the mechanism of action of low-dose ketamine doses has led to an alternative hypothesis of the pathophysiology of depression and the development of a novel neurotrophic concept of depression. Further longitudinal studies are warranted to determine the safety and efficacy of repeated administration of ketamine and its analogs to prevent relapse and recurrence of depression. ER  - 
Psychological and demographic characteristics of 368 patients with dissociative seizures: data from the CODES cohort$$$ BACKGROUND: We examined demographic, clinical, and psychological characteristics of a large cohort (n = 368) of adults with dissociative seizures (DS) recruited to the CODES randomised controlled trial (RCT) and explored differences associated with age at onset of DS, gender, and DS semiology. METHODS: Prior to randomisation within the CODES RCT, we collected demographic and clinical data on 368 participants. We assessed psychiatric comorbidity using the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview (M.I.N.I.) and a screening measure of personality disorder and measured anxiety, depression, psychological distress, somatic symptom burden, emotional expression, functional impact of DS, avoidance behaviour, and quality of life. We undertook comparisons based on reported age at DS onset (<40 v. ⩾40), gender (male v. female), and DS semiology (predominantly hyperkinetic v. hypokinetic). RESULTS: Our cohort was predominantly female (72%) and characterised by high levels of socio-economic deprivation. Two-thirds had predominantly hyperkinetic DS. Of the total, 69% had ⩾1 comorbid M.I.N.I. diagnosis (median number = 2), with agoraphobia being the most common concurrent diagnosis. Clinical levels of distress were reported by 86% and characteristics associated with maladaptive personality traits by 60%. Moderate-to-severe functional impairment, high levels of somatic symptoms, and impaired quality of life were also reported. Women had a younger age at DS onset than men. CONCLUSIONS: Our study highlights the burden of psychopathology and socio-economic deprivation in a large, heterogeneous cohort of patients with DS. The lack of clear differences based on gender, DS semiology and age at onset suggests these factors do not add substantially to the heterogeneity of the cohort. ER  - 
Predicting Unplanned Health Care Utilization and Cost: Comparing Patient-reported Outcomes Measurement Information System and Claims$$$ Objectives: There is little literature describing if and how payers are utilizing patient-reported outcomes to predict future costs. This study assessed if Patient-reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS) domain scores, collected in routine practice at neurology clinics, improved payer predictive models for unplanned care utilization and cost. Study Design: Retrospective cohort analysis of private Health Plan-insured patients with visits at 18 Health Plan-Affiliated neurology clinics. Methods: PROMIS domains (Anxiety v1.0, Cognitive Function Abilities v2.0, Depression v1.0, Fatigue v1.0, Pain Interference v1.0, Physical Function v2.0, Sleep Disturbance v1.0, and Ability to Participate in Social Roles and Activities v2.0) are collected as part of routine care. Data from patients' first PROMIS measures between June 27, 2018 and April 16, 2019 were extracted and combined with claims data. Using (1) claims data alone and (2) PROMIS and claims data, we examined the association of covariates to utilization (using a logit model) and cost (using a generalized linear model). We evaluated model fit using area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (for unplanned care utilization), akaike information criterion (for unplanned care costs), and sensitivity and specificity in predicting top 15% of unplanned care costs. Results: Area under the receiver operating curve values were slightly higher, and akaike information criterion values were similar, for PROMIS plus claims covariates compared with claims alone. The PROMIS plus claims model had slightly higher sensitivity and equivalent specificity compared with claims-only models. Conclusion: One-Time PROMIS measure data combined with claims data slightly improved predictive model performance compared with claims alone, but likely not to an extent that indicates improved practical utility for payers. ER  - 
Exploring knowledge gaps in functional neurological disorders$$$ Background: Functional Neurologic Disorders (FND) are common and often disabling group of conditions, comprising around 16% of Neurology outpatient referrals; in one study stroke-like presentation of functional etiology comprised of 8.7% of inpatient stroke admissions, many of whom underwent intravenous thrombolysis. The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) has removed psychological stressors from the diagnostic criteria. It has been encouraged to replace terminologies such as psychogenic disorders and hysteria with the more neutral term functional disorder. Furthermore, FND is no longer a diagnosis of exclusion but rather relies on positive clinical findings. Despite evolving understanding and updated diagnostic criteria of FND, it is not known whether this knowledge is widely disseminated and understood. As Emergency Department (ED) is often the first point of contact for patients presenting with FND, it creates a valuable opportunity for early and proper identification of FND; delayed diagnosis and treatment may lead to deleterious consequences such as unnecessary testing, prolonged duration of disease, increased economic burden and functional impairment. This study's aim was to evaluate the current understanding, perceptions and management of FND by ED providers. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study surveying ED healthcare providers (physicians, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants) (n=273). Electronic surveys were created using REDCap and sent to providers and anonymous responses were automatically uploaded to a secure database. Results: There were 68 respondents. Familiarity with the terms FND or FMD were 6.7% and 1.7%, respectively. The most frequent terms often used were psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (25%) and stress-induced/stress-related (21.7%). Vast majority of respondents felt that overall experience working with an FND patient was either more or much more difficult than other patient populations in the ED. The level of understanding of FND was rated 'somewhat well' or less in close to 85%. Overwhelming majority of the respondents (98.5%) were unfamiliar with any FND resources and at least 81% had a desire to learn more about this condition. Conclusion: Despite evolving understanding and updated diagnostic criteria for FND, knowledge gaps exists in our current healthcare system. This survey calls for FND awareness efforts in the healthcare community. ER  - 
Epilepsy stigma in the republic of guinea and its demographic, social, and clinical associations: A cross-sectional analysis$$$ Background/Objective: Epilepsy stigma in Sub-Saharan Africa is linked to various demographic, social, and clinical factors, some of which may be modifiable. Identifying and addressing these factors may mitigate stigma and its consequences In West Africa, where traditional healing is ubiquitous and access to epilepsy expertise is limited, there are few reports on epilepsy-associated stigma. We aim to quantify the degree of stigma perceived by people living with epilepsy (PLWE) in the Republic of Guinea (2019 gross national income per capita, 930USD) and analyze factors associated with epilepsy stigma Methods: As part of the Guinea Epilepsy Project, a prospective convenience cohort of PLWE was recruited at the Ignace Deen Hospital in Conakry. All participants were evaluated by U.S. and Guinean physicians. A survey instrument exploring demographic, social, and clinical variables was administered to PLWE, and their guardians if PLWE were children (age <18 years). The primary outcome measure was the Stigma Scale of Epilepsy (SSE), a 24-item scale previously validated in SSA with scores ranging from 0 (least stigma) - 100 (most stigma). Regression models were fit to assess possible associations between SSE scores and 16 pre-selected demographic, social, and clinical variables of interest Results: 249 PLWE (112 female; mean age=20.0 years; 22% from rural locale; 14% of participants >16 years old with no formal schooling; 11% seizure-free for 6 months) had an average SSE score of 46.1 (standard deviation=14.4) Children had an average SSE score of 45.2 and adults had an average score of 47.0. There were no significant differences between self- and guardian-reported SSE scores (means=45.8 and 46.5 respective), p=.86 In univariate analyses, higher stigma scores were associated with lesser wealth (p=.03), more seizures (p=.005), and more depressive symptoms (p=.01); age, sex, education level, and social support were not associated with stigma perceptions (all p>.05). In a multivariate model including sex, educational level, household wealth, generalized tonic-clonic seizures seizure frequency, and seizure-related burns, only low household wealth (β=4.05, p=.03) and higher seizure frequency (β=-2.34, p=.03) were significantly associated with higher SSE scores Conclusions: In this Guinean cohort of people living with poorly-controlled epilepsy, participants reported moderate perceptions of epilepsy stigma. Stigma was associated with lesser household wealth and higher seizure frequency-both potentially modifiable factors. Programs targeting consistent antiseizure treatment of PLWE would have the highest downstream impacts on stigma reduction, especially for PLWE with lesser household wealth. ER  - 
Baclofen poisoning admitted in intensive care unit$$$ Introduction. Baclofen also named «Lioreseal» is a muscle relaxant used in spastic contractures during multiple sclerosis or tetanus. There was a renewed interest in baclofen in 2008 since the marketing of Dr Ameisen's book on its efects on alcohol withdrawal. In Tunisia Baclofen poisoing is not common but is unusual. The aim of this study was to describe the epidemiological characteristics of baclofen poisoning. Methods. We coducted a retrospective study, descriptive, monocentric study that included patients admitted to Intensive care unit of the Mahmoud Yaacoub Center of Emergency Medical Assistance from January 2010 to Septemeber 2020 admitted for acute voluntary baclofen poisoning. Results. During the period of the study, thirty two patients were included. The mean age was 28 ± 12 years [13-54]. There was a female predominance with a sex ratio of 0,33. Fifteen patients (47%) were treated with baclofen, three of whom were alcoholics. All the intoxications were related to a suicide attempt. The mean IGSII score was 28 [12-62]. An Agited coma was noted in seventeen patients (53%) and two patients had a simple seizure that resolved on benzodiazepine. Four patients had hypothermia with a mean of 36.5°c of which one patient had Osborn J wave on electrocardiogram. Twelve patients initially presented with sinus bradycardia requiring atropine in seven of these patients. Seven patients presented with filing responsive shock (22%), with need of vasoactive drugs in five patients (15%). Twenty five patients (78%) required mechanical ventilation. There was a significant correlation between supposedly ingested dose and coma, bradycardia, hypotension and hypothermia. The mean lenght of stay was 4 days [1-12] with a mean duration of mechanical ventilation of 2.5 days [1-5]. There were no cases of death. Conclusion. Baclofen poisoning is rare but remain serious if management is not optimized. There is a correlation between the supposedly ingested dose and clinical symptoms. ER  - 
Potentially inappropriate prescriptions of antipsychotic and anticholinergic drugs in patients with Parkinson's disease$$$ Aim: The objective was to determine the prevalence of the potentially inappropriate antipsychotics and anticholinergics used in patients with Parkinson's disease. Materials & methods: A cross-sectional study identified the prescription of antipsychotics, anticholinergics and drugs for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. The anticholinergic burden was evaluated, and quetiapine and clozapine were considered to be adequate antipsychotics. Results: 2965 patients with Parkinson's disease were identified. The presence of psychiatric disorders and other neurological pathologies was associated with a greater probability of receiving potentially inappropriate antipsychotic prescriptions. The presence of greater number of comorbidities was associated with a greater probability of receiving anticholinergics. Conclusion: Older age and associated comorbidities, especially psychiatric and neurological comorbidities, increase the likelihood of patients with Parkinson's disease being prescribed antipsychotics and anticholinergics. Lay abstract: People with Parkinson’s disease have movement disorders, and some of them will frequently have medical problems such as constipation, urinary incontinence, cognitive impairment, depression and anxiety, among others. Many medications can make these symptoms worse, so they can be considered potentially inappropriate prescriptions. From a drug dispensing database, we found 2965 patients with a diagnosis of Parkinson’s disease, in which more than a third of them presented this type of potentially inappropriate prescriptions, especially those patients of older age and those who had other neurological or psychiatric diseases. ER  - 
Electroencephalographic Findings in a Cohort of Egyptian Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Patients with Neuropsychiatric Manifestations$$$ Background and Objective Neuropsychiatric manifestations are frequently reported in 75% of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) patients and that varied from mild subtle signs: headache or mood disturbance to life threatening conditions: acute confusional state, major fits, stroke or transverse myelitis. Electroencephalography (EEG) was used to determine whether there is a lateralized pattern of electrophysiologic dysfunction in SLE patients or not. So, this study was done to describe EEG findings in a cohort of Egyptian SLE patients with Neuropsychiatric SLE (NPSLE), its possible correlation with any of the disease activity parameters and comparing them to patients with Non-NPSLE. Patients and Methods This case-control study was conducted on 60 SLE patients who fulfilled the 2015 ACR/SLICC Classification Criteria for SLE. They were classified into 2 groups: 30 patients with NPSLE as cases and 30 patients without NPSLE (Non-NPSLE) as controls. All patients were subjected to detailed medical history taking together with full clinical examination and calculations of SLE disease activity using the SLE disease activity index (SLEDAI) score. Laboratory investigations including CBC, ESR, CRP, BUN, creatinine, urine analysis, P/C ratio, C3, C4, Lupus Anticoagulant (LAC) and Anticardiolipin (ACL) antibodies and EEG were done for all patients. MRI brain was done for patients with NPSLE. Results There were 6 neuropsychiatric manifestations in the NPSLE group; the commonest was seizure disorders (43.3%), followed by psychosis (20.0%), cerebrovascular disease (16.7%), acute confusional state (13.3%), headache (10.0%) and lastly demyelinating syndrome (6.7%). SLEDAI score was higher in NPSLE group (Median=16) than nonNPSLE group (Median=4) (P < 0.01). ACL IgM positivity was higher in NPSLE group (P < 0.05). 53.3% of NPSLE group had abnormal MRI brain findings, the most common finding was periventricular white matter lesion (23.3%), followed by infarction (13.3%), subcortical white matter lesion and demyelinating lesion (6.7%). Lastly was sinus thrombosis, cerebral edema and encephalomalacia (3.3% each). 12 patients out of 30 (40.0%) with NPSLE had EEG abnormalities, while all 30 patients with non-NPSLE had no EEG abnormalities. The most common EEG abnormalities in NPSLE group were diffuse slowing (20.0%), followed by generalized epileptiform activity (13.3%), and lastly temporal epileptiform activity (6.7% each). 50% of patients with abnormal EEG had normal MRI. 13 patients out of 30 with NPSLE had seizure disorders (43.3%), 8 of them had abnormal EEG (61.5%). Conclusion Not all patients with NPSLE must have abnormal brain MRI or EEG. EEG is a useful assistant tool in diagnosing and studying the different manifestations of NPSLE especially seizure disorder and acute confusional state, but it cannot be used as a screening test alone for detecting NPSLE and must be supplemented by neuroimaging studies. ER  - 
Multimodal analgesia plus intraoperative hamstring sheath injection for hamstring autograft anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction reduces postoperative posterior knee pain but does not reduce postoperative narcotic requirements: A double-blind randomized control trial$$$ Objectives: This study's objective was to determine whether multimodal analgesia plus an injection of the hamstring sheath immediately following the harvest of the semitendinosus and gracilis tendons during hamstring autograft anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction (ACLR) reduces postoperative pain. We hypothesized that multimodal analgesia plus a hamstring sheath injection of the harvest site for autograft hamstring ACLR reduces postoperative pain. Methods: The Institutional Review Board approved this study registered with ClinicalTrials.gov and identified by NCT01868425. This study was a single-center, surgeon stratified double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study from April 2013 to December 2017. Patients were randomly assigned to one of two groups, in a 1:1 ratio per surgeon, to receive either standard of care analgesia plus intra-operative hamstring sheath saline injection (Placebo group) or standard of care analgesia plus multimodal analgesia plus intraoperative hamstring sheath anesthetic injection (MA group) for patients undergoing ACLR with hamstring autograft. Eligible participants were adults aged 18 years to 55 years old consented for ACLR using hamstring tendon autograft. Contraindication to a femoral nerve block, allergy to protocol medications, nervous system disease, renal or hepatic impairment, history of opioid dependence or current narcotic use, significant psychiatric disease, pregnancy or lactating, a seizure disorder, history of postoperative nausea and vomiting, latex allergy, and clinically significant cardiac or pulmonary disease excluded patients for participation in this study. The primary endpoint was total postoperative opioid administration. Secondary endpoints included the patient's subjective pain score for the posterior, anterior, and lateral side of the knee, postoperative nausea, sedation, and pruritus scores. Based on our preliminary data, we estimated the mean opioid for standard care will be 6.6 morphine equivalents with a standard deviation of 6.2 morphine equivalents. Testing the ability of multimodal analgesia to reduce opioid usage by at least 50%, a minimal sample size of 45 subjects per group was needed to achieve 80% power based on a one-tailed t-test and a significance level < 0.05. Student's t-test compared outcomes between groups. Additionally, a linear regression model for was also used for the primary outcome with total opioid administration as the dependent variable in order to control for body mass index (BMI) and sex, providing an adjusted estimate of the difference between groups. Results: A total of 112 patients (Figure 1) met inclusion criteria and were randomized into the placebo group (n = 57) and MA group (n = 55). Demographic data demonstrated no significant differences between groups (Table 1). The primary analysis was postoperative opioid administration and included all patients randomly assigned to either group for opioid administration in the postoperative anesthetic care unit (PACU), however opioid administration in 24 hours after discharge was not recorded for five patients in the MA group, leaving 50 patients remaining for the per-protocol analyses. Secondary outcome data was not recorded for one patient in the placebo group leaving 56 patients remaining for the per-protocol analyses. The mean postoperative opioid needs (Table 2) for patients in the MA group (18.7 ± 13.14) was less than those in the placebo group (22.6 ± 11.15), although this was not statistically significant (p-value = 0.140). Secondary outcomes (Figure 2A) demonstrated a significant reduction in posterior knee pain postoperatively in the MA group (2.84 ± 2.25) compared to Placebo (3.56 ± 1.97; p-value = 0.0362). There were no significant differences in postoperative pain in the front or sides of the knee. Similarly, there were no significant differences in pruritis (MA: 0.26 ± 0.99 vs. Placebo: 0.696 ± 1.73; p-value = 0.2163), sedation (MA: 5.02 ± 2.29 vs. Placebo: 4.61 ± 2.16; p-value = 0.656), and nausea (MA: 1.16 ± 2.28 vs Placebo: 0.714 ± 1.72; p-value = 0.243) scores (Figure 2B). Conclusions: Multimodal analgesia plus hamstring sheath injection reduces postoperative patient reported posterior knee pain compared to placebo for patients undergoing ACLR using hamstring tendon autograft. However, multimodal analgesia plus a hamstring sheath injection does not reduce postoperative opioid requirements. ER  - 
Functional neurological disorders in patients with brain tumours$$$ AIMS: Signs and symptoms that develop in people with brain tumours are often attributed to their tumour. The prevalence and management of functional neurological symptoms in brain tumour patients have received little attention. This is surprising because functional neurological symptoms complicate management greatly and misdiagnosis can lead to inappropriate treatment and iatrogenic side-effects. Therefore, we investigated the presentation, diagnosis and management of functional neurological disorders (FND) in patients who had a brain or meningeal tumour. METHOD: A retrospective case review was performed from 2017-2021 to identify adult brain tumour patients who developed a functional neurological disorder that caused significant disability necessitating expedited investigations. All patients attended a regional neuro-oncology centre. We recorded type of brain tumour and diagnostic investigations. The onset of functional symptoms was divided into three time windows: before tumour diagnosis, after diagnosis and before treatment or after tumour treatment. A neuropsychological review looked for evidence of previous adverse life events. Therapeutic interventions for functional neurological disorder and their outcomes were documented. The case review was combined with a systematic review of the literature to identify the published presentations of functional neurological disorder in the adult brain tumour population. MEDLINE, EMBASE and PsycINFO databases were searched for studies published between January 1980 and February 2021. RESULTS: Six patients (5 female, 1 male) were identified from the case review with a median age of 41 (range 29-56) years old. Four patients had non-epileptic attack disorder, which was diagnosed with videotelemetry of habitual attacks. One patient had a functional hemiparesis with normal central motor conduction time. One patient had a functional speech disorder with normal EEG. Half of these patients had functional neurological symptoms prior to surgery/oncological treatment. Five patients (83%) were referred for further neuropsychiatric or psychological evaluation. A history of significant psychological trauma prior to the brain tumour diagnosis was elicited in four (66%) patients. CONCLUSION: Patients with either a brain or meningeal tumour may develop functional neurological symptoOur findings suggest the possibility that diagnosis of a brain tumour may precipitate a debilitating functional neurological disorder. The neurobiological basis for functional neurological disorders is being actively investigated. There are suggestions in the literature that some brain diseases increase the risk of developing a functional neurological disorder. Further work is needed to determine whether this is true for patients with brain tumours. Increased awareness of functional neurological disorders will improve management. Withdrawal of unnecessary treatment, such as anticonvulsant drugs, reduces the risk of iatrogenic side effects. Initiation of multi-disciplinary care pathways, e.g. physiotherapy, speech and language therapy and psychological treatments, promotes recovery. Collectively, these interventions improve our patients' quality of life. ER  - 
Association of Psychiatric Disorders in Children and Adolescents with Epilepsy in a Tertiary Care Hospital in Bangladesh$$$ Background: Psychiatric disorders are important aspects of epilepsy and have received increasing attention in the last several years. Although a significant number of children are afflicted with epilepsy with psychiatric comorbidities, the actual burden was not evaluated sufficiently. Objective: To determine the types and frequency of psychiatric disorders in children with epilepsy. Materials and Methods: This hospital-based case-control study was conducted at the outpatient department of a tertiary care center in Dhaka, Bangladesh, from September 2018 to August 2019. In total, 68 epileptic children, ranging from 5 to 17 years of age, were enrolled as cases. A similar number of nonepileptic children of age, sex, and sociodemographic status matched were enrolled as control. Parent, teacher, and self-version of Bengali Development and Well-Being Assessment (DAWBA) were used to assess the psychiatric disorders, and the diagnosis was assigned as Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM)-V of Mental Disorders. Results: Higher proportion of psychiatric illness were found significantly among the cases (83.8% vs. 16.2%; p < 0.001) and broad categories of disorders, namely, neurodevelopmental (30.9% vs. 1.5%, p < 0.001), emotional (48.5% vs. 7.4%, p < 0.001) and behavioral disorder (19.1% vs. 7.4%, p = 0.043) compared with controls. There was a significant relationship between psychiatric disorders with the duration of epilepsy of the respondents (p = 0.032). Conclusions: This study result showed the significant association of psychiatric disorders with epilepsy among children and adolescent population. Thus, psychiatric disorders should be properly addressed during treatment of epilepsy. ER  - 
Ultrabrief Right Unilateral ECT in Older Adults with Catatonia: A Case Series and Literature Review$$$ Objectives: Comparing Ultra-brief (UB) Right Unilateral Electroconvulsive Therapy (RU ECT) to theexisting literature, this case series highlights the use of the treatment with geriatric patients.Methods:This is a retrospective chart review of 5 patients with catatonia who were successfully treated with UBRUL ECT. Medical records were reviewed for clinical data and ECT treatment. The existing literature iscompared and contrasted with other published cases. Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology(QIDS) was completed both pre-ECT and post-ECT. Clinical Global Impression-Improvement (CGI-I) scalewas performed post-ECT. Response was defined as decrease of QIDS by 50% and remission was definedas QIDS =5. CGI response was defined as CGI-I =2.Results:All patients received UB RUL ECT treatment (mean age 67, 100% female). 20% (n=2) were caucasian.60% had mood disorders and 40% had psychotic disorders. Number of treatments in the acute treatment course ranged from 5 to 20, charge was dosed at 6-10 times the seizure thresholddetermined at first treatment. All patients had a significant clinical response to ECT as reflected byclinical data, ECT procedure notes, and rating scales when available. All patients completed post ECTCGI-I. Response rate was 60% (n = 3). We also assessed QIDS scores for patients with comorbiddepression. Out of these patients, 40% (n = 2) were unable to complete baseline QIDS secondary tosymptoms severity. Mean baseline QIDS for the remaining patients was 9.67 (SD 1.53). Post-treatmentQIDS was 3.67 (SD 5.51). Paired-samples t-test comparing these scores at baseline and post-ECTdemonstrated a significance P value of 0.14. None of the patients experienced worsening of cognitivefunction.Conclusions:UB RUL ECT is a safe and effective treatment for Catatonia. Our data demonstrate clinical improvementin patients with Catatonia with UB RUL ECT. In addition, this method may lower the burden of cognitiveeffects that can significantly benefit the older adult population. The literature is limited regarding the useof Ultra-brief (<0.37 milisec) Right Unilateral (RU) ECT in Catatonia. Additional studies will benefit fromthe inclusion of objective metrics such as Bush Francis Catatonia Scale, Scale for the Assessment ofPsychotic Symptoms (SAPS), and the systematic evaluation of cognitive status and function. ER  - 
Anxiety and Depression among Family Caregivers of Children with Epilepsy in Burkina Faso$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a common and chronic neurological disorder influencing children's cognitive and behavioral performance. Primary caregivers of children with epilepsy (CWE) report high levels of depression and anxiety. Patients and Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study on caregivers of CWE in the Neurology Department of Yalgado Ouédraogo University Teaching Hospital from May 7, 2020 to August 18, 2020. The State-Trait Anxiety Inventory scale and Beck Depression Inventory scale were assessed to screen anxiety and depression. Results: One hundred caregivers with a mean age of 37.75 ± 10.69 years were included in the study. The majority of them were female gender (73%), aged <40 years (59%), and residing in rural areas (79%). Most of caregivers were female gender (73%) and the mothers of children (67%). The majority of CWE were boys (55%), having generalized epilepsy (55%) and epilepsy duration less than 6 years (74%). Anxiety was observed in 56%, depression in 27%, and both anxiety and depression in 23% of caregivers. The factors influencing anxiety among caregivers were female gender (p = 0.04), being patient's mothers (p = 0.04), and caring male patients (p = 0.04). The factors associated with caregiver's depression were being married (p = 0.03) and caring patients with five seizures per year (p = 0.04). Conclusion: Our study revealed very high rates of anxiety and depressive disorder among caregivers of CWE in Burkina Faso. ER  - 
Evaluation of Auditory Working Memory Abilities in Children with Self Limited Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes (SECTS): A Pilot Study$$$ Objectives: Working memory abilities are essential in the perception of acoustic signals, especially in the presence of noise. This study aimed to measure the working memory and its associated factors in children with self-limited epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (SECTS) and compare it with the typically developing children (TDC) without epilepsy. Materials and Methods: Twenty-two children with SECTS and 22 typically developing children participated in the study. The Digit span backward test was used for measuring working memory abilities. Statistical Analysis and Results: The working memory of children with SECTS, measured with backward digit span, was significantly poor compared with the TDC (p < 0.001). Factors such as the age of onset of seizures, duration of seizures, frequency of seizures and spike load did not influence the working memory. Conclusion: The children with SECTS demonstrated impairment in working memory abilities compared with normal children. The association between poor working memory and reported speech recognition impairment in children with SECTS needs to be studied. ER  - 
Investigating the outcomes of aluminum phosphide poisoning in khorshid referral hospital, Isfahan, Iran: A retrospective study$$$ Objective: Aluminum phosphide (ALP) (rice-tablet) is a common cause of adult poisoning in Iran, including Isfahan. So far, no effective treatment has been identified for this poisoning. We aimed to investigate the outcome of ALP poisoned patients admitted to the clinical toxicology ward of Khorshid Hospital in Isfahan from 2017 to 2019. Methods: This chart-review study was performed on the population of ALP poisoned patients admitted to the clinical toxicology ward of Khorshid University Hospital from 2017 to 2019 treated with the hospital's new treatment protocol, using the complete enumeration approach. The outcomes were determined by reviewing and abstracting medical charts of ALP poisoned patients from the hospital archive. Findings: The most common complaints at admission were depressed consciousness (41.9%) and vomiting (32.2%). There was no significant change in blood sugar, pH, base excess (BE), and venous blood bicarbonate throughout their hospitalization (P > 0.05). Treatment outcomes had a significant relationship with blood pH 2 h and 6 h after admission and the BE 6 h after admission (P < 0.05). There was also a significant relationship between the outcome and the length of stay, initial ejection fraction (EF), and EF in predischarge echocardiography (P < 0.05). Out of 31 patients, 24 (77.4%) died within 72 h, 5 (16.1%) recovered without any complication, and 2 (6.5%) recovered with some complications. Conclusion: The mortality rate of ALP poisoned patients was reasonably high and can be attributed to the poor efficacy of the new treatment protocol or the long time it takes for patients to reach the hospital and start receiving treatments. ER  - 
USING VIRTUAL REALITY TO HELP MANAGE NEEDLE PHOBIA IN JUVENILE IDIOPATHIC ARTHRITIS$$$ Case report - Introduction: Needle phobia is a common issue amongst children, particularly with long-term illnesses requiring repeated interventions. Psychological interventions such as coping strategies and distraction techniques can be effective in many of these children, but is not universally successful. Recent research has reported that the use of virtual reality (VR) headsets as a distraction technique can be effective at alleviating both pain and fear in children receiving intravenous (IV) injections, cannulation and venepuncture. Although use of VR distraction is becoming more widespread in some disciplines (such as paediatric oncology/A&E), it is yet to be widely adopted in paediatric rheumatology. Case report - Case description: We report the case of a 9-year-old boy (ME) who in early 2019 developed psoriatic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) and an associated severe, widespread plaque psoriasis causing him substantial discomfort and distress. He has been treated with subcutaneous adalimumab biosimilar 40mg fortnightly and oral methotrexate 20mg weekly, alongside Keppra 1000mg twice daily for epilepsy. Although he is just tolerating the subcutaneous adalimumab, he is requiring intermittent steroid joint injections under general anaesthetic for recurrent flares of his polyarticular arthritis and regular monitoring phlebotomy. He has been developing progressive needle phobia over the past 8 months, with superimposed anxiety about general anaesthetics with particular fear of the anaesthetic provoking an epileptic seizure. Despite psychological intervention to teach coping strategies and standard play therapy distraction techniques, both phlebotomy and cannulation for general anaesthetics have become more distressing and challenging for him. During two recent day case admissions for joint injections, despite premedication with sedatives, distraction techniques and psychology interventions, he became so distressed that attempts to anaesthetise him had to be abandoned. This has resulted in prolonged periods of continuing joint inflammation and pain. Discussion with local paediatric oncology colleagues resulted in a suggestion of using recently acquired VR headsets as an effective distraction technique. He has had a previous positive experience of using VR headsets in a play environment. He is receiving VR training intervention from the oncology team and is now fully engaged with the idea of using VR to distract him from negatively focussing on his next planned general anaesthetic intervention. Case report - Discussion: Unmanaged needle-related procedural pain in children is associated with increasing pain and stress in subsequent procedures and fear/avoidance of medical care which can affect compliance in chronic disease management. The psychological distress for children with needle phobia can add to existing psychological impact from JIA and increase family stress of caring for an ill child. The cost of poor management of needle-phobic children can be considerable, with cancelled or increased time for procedural interventions and restricted therapeutic interventions. Needle phobias in childhood may persist into adulthood. Employing distraction techniques when children undergo medical procedures can help them reduce anxiety. VR is a method of captivating an individual's interest in a virtual environment and can help divert attention from potentially distressing situations in the real world. Recent studies have reported VR as an effective distraction technique in children. Chan (2019) reports that VR significantly decreased the pain and post procedural anxiety experienced by children aged 4-11 years old during venepuncture/IV cannulation compared to controls. The majority of children in the VR group expressed interest in utilising VR again in the future, to improve their experience of IV injections. Chen (2020) subsequently reported a randomised controlled trial which significantly reduced pain and fear experienced from IV injections by the children in the VR group. There are cost implications to both buying VR headsets/software and training play specialists/specialist nurses to use the equipment effectively. Furthermore, the acceptability of using VR with regards to the child's age, engagement with age-appropriate software packages and whether a passive VR or a more interactive 'gaming' experience is preferred should be considered. The use of VR is not a panacea, but is potentially effective as an additional new tool in clinicians' efforts to reduce the impact of needle phobia. Case report - Key learning points: Addressing needle phobia in children can require novel strategies. VR has shown success as a distraction technique to alleviate pain and fear in children undergoing needle related procedures. The implementation of VR in paediatric rheumatology has cost and staff training implications. The use of age-appropriate software and an individual child's preference for passive/active interaction with VR should be considered. ER  - 
LEST WE MISS IT: ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION SYMPTOMS IN ADULT PATIENTS WITH GENERALIZED TONIC CLONIC SEIZURES IN PAKISTAN$$$ Objective: To find out the frequency of and compare anxiety and depression in epileptic and non-epileptic matched individuals. Methodology: This cross sectional study was carried out at a tertiary care hospital in Pakistan including 200 epilepsy patients, visiting the department of medicine and psychiatry for follow-up. The second group consisted of 200 epilepsy free healthy matched individuals. Hospital anxiety and depression scale (HADS) was administered to assess participants’ anxiety and depression. Means, frequencies, and Chi-square were applied to analyze the collected data. Results: Epilepsy patients were more likely to have depression (χ2 = 33.56, p<.001) and anxiety (χ2 = 55.96, p<.001) as compared to the control group. Anxiety symptoms were found in 42%, while depression in 34% of the patients. This was further distributed into mild, moderate and severe symptoms. Being unmarried, belonging to a particular age group, full time employment and a lower educational level were related with the anxiety symptoms while particular age group, lower educational level and full time employment with symptoms of depression. Conclusion: The Generalized Tonic and Colonic Seizures (GTCS) epilepsy population has a significantly higher rate of comorbid anxiety and depression symptomatology. ER  - 
Prevalence and correlates of depression in patients with epilepsy in Sri Lanka$$$ Background: Depression is one of the most common psychiatric disorders in patients with epilepsy and it is often associated with poor quality of life, increased risk of suicide and poor seizure control, yet remains underdiagnosed and undertreated. The prevalence and associations for depression in patients with epilepsy vary between studies reflecting regional and cultural influences. Therefore, it is important to identify unique attributes within a community on this phenomenon This is the first study from Sri Lanka on the prevalence and correlates of depression in patients with epilepsy. Method: We conducted this cross-sectional study at the Epilepsy clinic, Colombo North Teaching Hospital, Ragama. All consenting patients with a diagnosis of epilepsy followed up at the clinic, during study period, were enrolled. Symptoms of depression were screened with Beck Depression Inventory II and diagnosis was confirmed with a clinical assessment by psychiatrist. Results: Of 150 participants, majority were female 63.3%. (95) and 36.7% (55) of the sample were between 26-45 years. The prevalence of depressive disorder was 22% (33). The prevalence of depression was significantly associated with the recent diagnosis of epilepsy, use of multiple antiepileptic medications and duration of seizure free period (p<0.05). There is a statistically significant association between prevalence of depression with the use of carbamazepine, topiramate, clobazam and phenobarbitone. Regression analysis revealed higher the duration individuals suffering from epilepsy were at lower odds of having depression compared with that of individuals suffering from lower duration of epilepsy. For each year in increase of duration of epilepsy, the odds of depression decreased by 2% (95% CI 0.3% to 5.1%). Conclusion: The prevalence of depression is high in patients with epilepsy. Risk of having depression is higher during the early phase of the illness. Therefore, it is important to screen patients with epilepsy for depressive disorder during the early course of the illness. ER  - 
Association of Labor Epidural Analgesia with Autism Spectrum Disorder in Children$$$ Importance: A recent cohort study found that epidural analgesia during labor was associated with an increased risk of autism in offspring. Objective: To investigate if labor epidural increases the risk of autism in offspring. Design, Setting, and Participants: This nationwide retrospective cohort study identified all live-born children in Denmark between January 2006 and December 2013. Follow-up commenced at children's first birthday and ended in December 2017. Among 485093 live-born children, 5915 were excluded because of occurrences during the first year of life including death, emigration, misregistration of birth, diagnosis of disease inherently linked to autism, or diagnosis of autism. Exposures: Administration of epidural analgesia during labor, as identified by procedure code. Main Outcomes and Measures: The main outcome of interest was incident diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder based on International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th Revision codes in the Danish Psychiatric Central Register or National Patient Register. Hazard ratios were estimated using Cox regression, adjusted for covariates describing maternal comorbidity, sociodemographic factors, lifestyle, pregnancy, psychiatric illness, psychotropic medication, medical-seeking behavior, and family history of autism. A secondary analysis used a within-mother design including only children of mothers with both exposure and nonexposure to labor epidural analgesia in different deliveries. Results: The cohort included 479178 children (233405 girls [48.7%]; median maternal age at delivery, 30.9 [IQR, 27.6-34.2] years); of these, 92900 (19.4%) were exposed to epidural analgesia during labor. Median follow-up was 7.0 years (IQR, 4.9-9.0 years), and by the end of follow-up, 6428 children (1.3%) had been diagnosed with autism. Exposed children had an autism diagnosis incidence rate of 23.1 per 10000 person-years compared with 18.5 per 10000 person-years in the unexposed group (crude hazard ratio, 1.29 [95% CI, 1.21-1.37]; adjusted hazard ratio, 1.05 [95% CI, 0.98-1.11]). A secondary within-mother analysis including 59154 children (12.3%) estimated an autism diagnosis incidence rate of 20.8 per 10000 person-years in the exposed group and 17.1 per 10000 person-years in the unexposed group (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.05 [95% CI, 0.90-1.21]). Conclusions and Relevance: In this nationwide cohort study of Danish children, maternal exposure to epidural analgesia during labor was not significantly associated with autism spectrum disorder in offspring.. ER  - 
Serum prolactin level and lactate dehydrogenase activity in patients with epileptic and nonepileptic seizures A cross-sectional study$$$ It is important to diagnose epilepsy in a timely and accurate manner, and also to distinguish it from non-epileptic conditions. The present study was aimed at determining postictal serum prolactin levels and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) activities in patients with new-onset seizure admitted to the emergency department in order to assess whether they could be used in the differentiation of epileptic seizure (ES) from nonepileptic seizure (NES). Eighty-five patients were included prospectively in this study. Patients were divided into 2 groups with respect to epilepsy diagnosis, and the final groups were comprised of 36 patients with ES and 49 patients with NES. Blood samples were obtained within 1hour of seizure. No significant differences between groups were observed in prolactin levels and in the percentage of patients with abnormal prolactin level (P=.569 and .239, respectively). The median LDH activity was significantly higher in those with ES compared with those with NES (P=.031). The percentage of patients with elevated LDH levels was similar between 2 groups (P=.286). This was the first study to examine LDH activities in terms of its role in differentiation of seizure origin in the postictal period in patients hospitalized with seizure. Our study demonstrated that serum LDH activities within 1hour after the seizure appear to be increased in patients with ES compared with those with NES, suggesting the potential role of LDH activities as a diagnostic tool in distinction of seizure types. Our study supports the hypothesis that LDH-antagonists may have a role in the management of seizure and epilepsy. ER  - 
Predictors of unrecognised comorbid depression in patients with schizophrenia at Amanuel mental specialized hospital, Ethiopia: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background The occurrence of depression in patients with schizophrenia (PWS) increases the risk of relapse, frequency and duration of hospitalisation, and decreases social and occupational functioning. Objective This study aimed to assess prevalence of unrecognised comorbid depression and its determinants in PWS. Method A cross-sectional study was conducted from 1 to 30 March 2019 at Amanuel mental specialized hospital among 300 PWS. The 9-item Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia was used to assess comorbid depression. Logistic regression was used to determine the association between outcome and explanatory variables. Statistical significance was declared at p value <0.05 with 95% CI. Results The prevalence of unrecognised comorbid depression was found to be 30.3%. Living alone (adjusted OR (AOR)=3.49, 95% CI=0.45 to 8.36), having poor (AOR=4.43, 95% CI=1.45 to 13.58) and moderate (AOR=4.45, 95% CI=1.30 to 15.22) social support, non-adherence to medication (AOR=3.82, 95% CI=1.70 to 8.55), presenting with current negative symptoms such as asocialia (AOR=4.33, 95% CI=1.98 to 9.45) and loss of personal motivation (AOR=3.46, 95% CI=1.53 to 7.84), and having suicidal behaviour (AOR=6.83, 95% CI=3.24 to 14.41) were the significant predictors of comorbid depression in PWS. Conclusion This study revealed considerably a high prevalence of unrecognised comorbid depression among PWS. Therefore, clinicians consider timely screening and treating of comorbid depression in PWS. ER  - 
Delirium and neuropsychological outcomes in critically Ill patients with COVID-19: A cohort study$$$ Objective To characterise the clinical course of delirium for patients with COVID-19 in the intensive care unit, including postdischarge neuropsychological outcomes. Design Retrospective chart review and prospective survey study. Setting Intensive care units, large academic tertiary-care centre (USA). Participants Patients (n=148) with COVID-19 admitted to an intensive care unit at Michigan Medicine between 1 March 2020 and 31 May 2020 were eligible for inclusion. Primary and secondary outcome measures Delirium was the primary outcome, assessed via validated chart review method. Secondary outcomes included measures related to delirium, such as delirium duration, antipsychotic use, length of hospital and intensive care unit stay, inflammatory markers and final disposition. Neuroimaging data were also collected. Finally, a telephone survey was conducted between 1 and 2 months after discharge to determine neuropsychological function via the following tests: Family Confusion Assessment Method, Short Blessed Test, Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System Cognitive Abilities 4a and Patient-Health Questionnaire-9. Results Delirium was identified in 108/148 (73%) patients, with median (IQR) duration lasting 10 (4-17) days. In the delirium cohort, 50% (54/108) of patients were African American and delirious patients were more likely to be female (76/108, 70%) (absolute standardised differences >0.30). Sedation regimens, inflammation, delirium prevention protocol deviations and hypoxic-ischaemic injury were likely contributing factors, and the most common disposition for delirious patients was a skilled care facility (41/108, 38%). Among patients who were delirious during hospitalisation, 4/17 (24%) later screened positive for delirium at home based on caretaker assessment, 5/22 (23%) demonstrated signs of questionable cognitive impairment or cognitive impairment consistent with dementia and 3/25 (12%) screened positive for depression within 2 months after discharge. Conclusion Patients with COVID-19 commonly experience a prolonged course of delirium in the intensive care unit, likely with multiple contributing factors. Furthermore, neuropsychological impairment may persist after discharge. ER  - 
Chromosomal Microarray in Children With Developmental Delay: The Experience of a Tertiary Center in Korea$$$ Background and Objectives: Chromosomal microarray (CMA) is a first-tier genetic test for children with developmental delay (DD), intellectual disability (ID), autism spectrum disorders (ASDs), and multiple congenital anomalies (MCA). In this study, we report our experiences with the use of CMA in Korean children with unexplained DD/ID. Methods: We performed CMA in a cohort of 308 children with DD/ID between January 2010 and September 2020. We also retrospectively reviewed their medical records. The Affymetrix CytoScan 750 K array with an average resolution of 100 kb was used to perform CMA. Results: Comorbid neurodevelopmental disorders were ASD (37 patients; 12.0%), epilepsy (34 patients; 11.0%), and attention deficit hyperactivity disorders (12 patients; 3.9%). The diagnostic yield was 18.5%. Among the 221 copy number variants (CNVs) identified, 70 CNVs (57 patients; 18.5%) were pathogenic. Deletion CNVs were more common among pathogenic CNVs (PCNVs) than in non-PCNVs (P < 0.001). The size difference between PCNVs and non-PCNVs was not significant (P = 0.023). The number of included genes within CNV intervals was significantly higher in PCNVs (average 8.6; 0–347) than in non-PCNVs (average 47.5; 1–386) (P < 0.001). Short stature and hearing difficulty were also more common in the PCNV group than in the non-PCNV group (P = 0.010 and 0.070, respectively). Conclusion: This study provides additional evidence for the usefulness of CMA in genetic testing of children with DD/ID in Korea. The pathogenicity of CNVs correlated with the number of included genes within the CNV interval and deletion type of the CNVs, but not with CNV size. ER  - 
Postoperative Evaluation of the Quality of Life, Depression, and Anxiety of Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Cohort: A Single Institute Experience in Indonesia$$$ Background: Besides seizure control, quality of life (QoL) should be considered as an equally important outcome for epilepsy surgery service providers. The paucity of QoL reports from developing countries has enlarged the representation gap between wealthy countries and countries with fewer resources. In this study, we evaluated postoperative QoL in the Indonesian drug-resistant epilepsy cohort where the epilepsy surgery service faces limited resource availability. Methods: We evaluated the QoL in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy who underwent surgery in our epilepsy surgery center in Semarang, Indonesia, from 2001 until 2015. The follow–up period started in 2018 through 2019. Postoperative QoL, depression, and anxiety were evaluated with self-reporting questionnaires including the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-31, Beck Depression Inventory-II, and Zung Self-Rating Anxiety Scales. Results: Forty returned questionnaires were included in the analysis (male 25, 62.5%; mean age 27.6 ± 9.05 years). The seizure-free cohort (n = 22, 55.0%) reported higher scores in most QoL dimensions particularly adjustment, overall QoL, and seizure worry compared to those with persistent seizures. The overall QoL level was correlated with seizure freedom and surgery type. QoL dimensions were negatively correlated with anxiety and depression levels. Conclusions: Postoperative seizure freedom was a major factor of postoperative QoL level. Besides seizure freedom, anxiety and depression levels were also negatively correlated with QoL levels in the Indonesian population. ER  - 
Analysis of clinical characteristics of patients with anti-myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein and anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antibody positive$$$ Objective: To analyze the clinical characteristics of patients with double-positive anti-myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein (MOG) antibody and anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) antibody, so as to raise awareness of such diseases and improve the prognosis. Methods: Eighteen patients (double positive group) with positive serum anti-MOG antibody and cerebrospinal fluid anti-NMDAR antibody in Huashan Hospital, Fudan University from March 2017 to March 2020 were retrospectively analyzed. Using the SPSS software for simple random sampling, anti-MOG group(20 cases) and anti-NMDAR group (20 cases) were randomly selected at the same time for comparison. The anti-MOG group referred to the patients only with positive serum anti-MOG antibody. While the anti-NMDAR group referred to the patients whose cerebrospinal fluid anti-NMDAR antibody was positive. The clinical characteristics, laboratory examination results, radiological characteristics and prognosis of the three groups were collected and analyzed. Results: There was no statistically significant difference in demographic data among the three groups (P>0.05). The symptoms of patients in the double-positive group were divided into two categories by cluster analysis, which corresponded to the symptom groups obtained by cluster analysis of the anti-MOG group and the anti-NMDAR group, and the same result was verified by correspondence analysis. Compared with the anti-MOG group, the incidence of epilepsy (10/18 vs 3/20, P=0.016), psychosis and behavior change (8/18 vs 0/20, P=0.001), visual disturbances (8/18 vs 17/20, P=0.016), dysarthria/dysphagia (8/18 vs 1/20, P=0.007) was significantly different in the double-positive group (P<0.017). Compared with the anti-NMDAR group, the incidence of ataxia (8/18 vs 19/20, P=0.001), psychosis and behavior change (12/18 vs 1/20, P<0.001) was significantly different in the double-positive group. There was no statistically significant difference in the combination rate of thyroid peroxidase antibody, thyroglobulin antibody and antinuclear antibody between two groups, and the cerebrospinal fluid pressure, white blood cell count, protein, glucose, chloride and positive rate of oligoclonal band were also not statistically different between two groups (P>0.017; P<0.017 indicates statistically significant difference by Bonferroni corrected multiple comparisons). Compared with the anti-NMDAR group, whether the brain magnetic resonance imaging had lesions was different in double positive group (18/18 vs 8/20, P<0.001). The initial modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores before treatment were different among the double positive group, anti-MOG group and anti-NMDAR group (3.72±0.96, 2.75±0.97, 3.95±0.76, respectively, F=10.004, P<0.001), but there was no statistically significant difference in the scores after six-month treatment (1.22±1.44, 0.40±0.75, 1.20±1.24, respectively, F=3.153, P=0.051), and the recurrence rate of the disease was different among the three groups (8/18, 14/20, 5/20, respectively, χ²=10.004, P=0.017). Conclusions: Anti-MOG antibodies and anti-NMDAR antibodies could exist at the same time, showing clinical phenotype overlap, which was a new syndrome called the overlapping syndrome of myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein antibody-associated disease and NMDAR encephalitis, MNOS. The condition of MNOS patients was more severe than that of patients with MOG antibody-associated disease (MOGAD), but patients with MNOS, MOGAD, and anti-NMDAR encephalitis all responded well to immunosuppressive therapy. It was suggested that early second-line immunotherapy should be given to reduce the recurrence rate in patients with MNOS and MOGAD. ER  - 
Disparities in Alzheimer Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment among Native Hawaiians and Pacific Islanders$$$ Background: Previous studies of racial differences in Alzheimer disease (AD) presentation have not included Native Hawaiians and Pacific Islanders (NHPI). Objective: To explore the presentation of AD and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) in NHPI. Method: We conducted a retrospective review of patient records from Hawaii with a diagnosis of unspecified AD or MCI from September 2000 to September 2019. Variables of interest included age at diagnosis, gender, race, marital status, insurance, comorbidities, and scores on the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA). Results: We reviewed the medical records of 598 patients, including 224 Asians, 202 Whites, 87 NHPI, and 85 Other. AD was more dominant than MCI across all of the groups, with the highest percentage in NHPI. Among the mean ages of diagnosis, NHPI were the youngest. Across all groups, a higher proportion of women than men had AD, with the highest female prevalence among NHPI. Hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and type II diabetes were highest among NHPI compared with the other groups. Of individuals with MMSE/MoCA scores, there were significant variations in scores by racial group. The mean MMSE/MoCA score was highest among Whites and lowest among NHPI. Conclusion: Compared with other racial groups, NHPI have a higher proportion of AD than MCI at diagnosis, are diagnosed at a younger age, have a higher female prevalence, have more comorbidities that may contribute to AD/MCI onset, and present with lower MMSE scores. ER  - 
Anterior Cranial Fossa Dural Arteriovenous Fistulae – Angioarchitecture and Intervention$$$ Purpose: Anterior cranial fossa (ACF) dural arteriovenous fistulae (DAVF) are rare, unique, and ominous. While surgical disconnection is considered as the favored management option, endovascular treatment has lately gained importance. We present a single institution experience of seven cases. Method: A retrospective analysis was performed on the institutional patient database. Features analyzed were demographic details, symptoms, angioarchitecture, treatment course, angiographic results, procedural complications, and follow-up. Results: This study included seven patients. The age at presentation ranged from 5–67 years. Clinical symptomatology was as intracranial hemorrhage in 4 patients and headache, chemosis and seizures in one patient each. The fistulae were paramedian at the ACF base. All DAVFs were Cognard type 4. The arterial feeders were from the anterior ethmoidal branches of the ophthalmic artery in all cases (bilateral in n= 5), frontal branches of the middle meningeal artery (MMA) (n= 6), and multiple ECA branches. The arterial route was the choice for access. Complete fistula obliteration was achieved in all but one patient. A traversed vein underwent rupture in one patient. One patient suffered postsurgical hemorrhage. No clinical or angiographic recurrence was noted. Conclusion: The DAVFs of the ACF are inherently high-grade lesions. Transorbital ECA-ICA branch anastomoses may be recruited as feeders. They may be best managed by multidisciplinary means personalized on an angioarchitectural basis. Endovascular embolization is safe and efficacious when performed through a navigable feeder from the frontal division of the MMA, which according to our interpretation is in anastomosis with the anterior falcine branch of the anterior ethmoidal artery. ER  - 
Pharmacological Augmentation in Unipolar Depression: A Guide to the Guidelines$$$ Background: Pharmacological augmentation is a recommended strategy for patients with treatment-resistant depression. A range of guidelines provide advice on treatment selection, prescription, monitoring and discontinuation, but variation in the content and quality of guidelines may limit the provision of objective, evidence-based care. This is of importance given the side effect burden and poorer long-term outcomes associated with polypharmacy and treatment-resistant depression. This review provides a definitive overview of pharmacological augmentation recommendations by assessing the quality of guidelines for depression and comparing the recommendations made. Methods: A systematic literature search identified current treatment guidelines for depression published in English. Guidelines were quality assessed using the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research and Evaluation II tool. Data relating to the prescription of pharmacological augmenters were extracted from those developed with sufficient rigor, and the included recommendations compared. Results: Total of 1696 records were identified, 19 guidelines were assessed for quality, and 10 were included. Guidelines differed in their quality, the stage at which augmentation was recommended, the agents included, and the evidence base cited. Lithium and atypical antipsychotics were recommended by all 10, though the specific advice was not consistent. Of the 15 augmenters identified, no others were universally recommended. Conclusions: This review provides a comprehensive overview of current pharmacological augmentation recommendations for major depression and will support clinicians in selecting appropriate treatment guidance. Although some variation can be accounted for by date of guideline publication, and limited evidence from clinical trials, there is a clear need for greater consistency across guidelines to ensure patients receive consistent evidence-based care. ER  - 
Synthetic cathinone poisoning from ingestion of drug-laced “instant coffee packets” in Taiwan$$$ Background: Synthetic cathinone abuse is a global health issue. Synthetic cathinones emerged in Taiwan in 2009, and their prevalence rapidly rose. They are usually made into “instant coffee packets,” and these so-called “toxic coffee packets” may also contain psychoactive drugs other than synthetic cathinones. Due to the diversity of the ingredients, clinical presentations can be complex. Methods: Retrospective analysis of emergency department (ED) patients who reported ingesting toxic coffee packets at three Chang-Gung Memorial Hospitals located in northern Taiwan between January, 2015 and December, 2019. Results: Sixty patients were included. Their mean age was 28.85 ± 9.24 years and 47(78.33%) were male. The most common presentations were palpitation, agitation, hallucination, and altered consciousness. Tachycardia and hypertension were common, while hyperthermia was observed in only three patients. Three patients (5%) developed rhabdomyolysis, and one underwent transient hemodialysis. Most patients were discharged from the ED, but 15(25%) were admitted, of whom nine (15%) were admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU), and one eventually died. Confirmation tests (mass-spectrometry-based analysis) were available in 10 patients; all reported positive for at least one type of synthetic cathinone. Polysubstance exposure was common. In multivariate logistic regression analyses, Glasgow coma scale ≤13 and the presence of seizure were associated with ICU admission. Conclusion: Patients who report ingesting toxic coffee packets are very likely to have been exposed to synthetic cathinones. Polysubstance exposure is common following ingestion. Cardiovascular and neurological symptoms are the main presentations, and severe complications such as rhabdomyolysis and life-threatening dysrhythmia can occur. ER  - 
Access to Isocitrate dehydrogenase (IDH) mutation characterization and prognostication in a Kenyan hospital – A first case$$$ Introduction: The 2016 WHO classification of tumors of the central nervous system added molecular characterization to enhance diagnosis and prognostication of Gliomas which had previously been based on histopathological patterns under light microscopy and H/E staining. To the best of our knowledge this is the first case of a glioma to access Isocitrate dehydrogenase (IDH) mutation characterisation and prognostication in a Kenyan hospital. This case report illustrates the institutional and individual patient challenges to accessing essential neurosurgical care, and the opportunity provided by an integrated approach to diagnosis. The cased also long period of time between diagnosis and consenting for surgery provided a fortuitous opportunity to describe the natural history of this gliomas. Case report: Presenting complaints: MKM a 40-yr. old male on long-term follow-up for a temporal lobe cystic space occupying lesion presented with uncontrolled seizures despite adequate dosing with anticonvulsants, headaches and progressive behavioral disinhibition. There was a 7-year history of headaches and convulsions initially relieved by over-the counter analgesics and anticonvulsants. Imaging at 2 years into his illness demonstrated a cystic mass in the temporal region at which point he repeatedly refused surgical removal of the lesion. MKM was followed up in a neurosurgical service at the Kenyatta National Referral Hospital. Serial imaging demonstrated an initial regression of the tumor in the first year and then slow growth thereafter. The persistence of seizure and progressive failure to achieve control and an increase in behavioral disinhibition convinced MKM and immediate family on need for surgery. Pre-op clinical findings – MKM only had mild memory impairment with inability to remember a series of objects 5 min after they had been memorized. He had no cranial nerve palsies, motor system weakness or sensory deficits. Treatment – A Transylvian temporal Lobectomy. Histologic diagnosis – Anaplastic astrocytoma grade III, IDH mutant with ATRX loss. He was referred to oncologist for further treatment. Discussion: This case highlights the different investments needed by developing country health systems to enable timely management of neurosurgical conditions such as gliomas. The case contributes knowledge on natural history of a temporal glioma in an African patient. ER  - 
An initial analysis of the UK Medical Cannabis Registry: Outcomes analysis of first 129 patients$$$ Aim: Cannabis-based medicinal products (CBMPs) are prescribed with increased frequency, despite a paucity of high-quality randomized controlled trials. The aim of this study is to analyze the early outcomes of the first series of patients prescribed CBMPs in the UK with respect to effects on health-related quality of life and clinical safety. Methods: A prospective case series was performed using the UK Medical Cannabis Registry. Primary outcomes were change in patient-reported outcomes measures (EQ-5D-5L, General Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) and Single-Item Sleep Quality Scale (SQS)) at 1 and 3 months from baseline. The secondary outcome was the incidence of adverse events. Statistical significance was defined by a P-value <.050. Results: There were 129 patients included in the final analysis with a mean age of 46.23 (±14.51) years. The most common indication was chronic pain of undefined etiology (n = 48; 37.2%). The median initial cannabidiol and (−)-trans-Δ-tetrahydrocannabinol daily dose was 20.0 mg (Range: 0.0-768.0 mg) and 3.9 mg (Range: 0.0-660.0 mg), respectively. Statistically significant improvements in health-related quality of life were demonstrated at 1 and 3 months in GAD-7, SQS, EQ-5D-5L pain and discomfort subscale, EQ-5D-5L anxiety and depression subscale, EQ-VAS and EQ-5D-5L index values(P <.050). There were 31 (24.03%) total reported adverse events. Conclusion: This study suggests that CBMP therapy may be associated with an improvement in health-related quality-of-life outcomes as self-reported by patients. CBMPs are also demonstrated to be relatively safe in the short to medium-term. These findings must be treated with caution given the limited scope of this initial analysis, with no placebo or an active comparator, with further research required. ER  - 
Clinical effects of intravenous bupropion misuse reported to a regional poison center$$$ Bupropion is an antidepressant medication with expanding indications including smoking cessation, weight loss, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, seasonal affective disorder, and amphetamine dependence. Despite its increasing popularity among providers, it has a well-known narrow therapeutic window which can lead to delayed onset of symptoms with extended-release formulations and devastating consequences in overdose. We have noticed some patients misusing bupropion via intravenous use and had difficulty guiding decisions regarding clinical monitoring in these patients. As this route entirely changes the kinetics of bupropion, this has caused concern within our group. We reviewed all the cases of intravenous bupropion use reported to a single poison center without any other coingestants. The majority (66.7%) of patients had moderate effects and one patient had a seizure. No deaths were reported. All patients were symptomatic by the time of initial call to the poison center if they had any reported symptoms due to bupropion. This case series describes the clinical effects reported, and the timing of these effects, after intravenous bupropion use. ER  - 
Drug Information Needs of Health Care Professionals in Palliative Care: A Retrospective Evaluation of a Palliative Care Drug Information Service$$$ Context: Drug therapy is an integral part of palliative care but pharmacotherapy can be challenging for health care professionals. Access to information is essential for health care providers to choose the best drug treatment for an individual patient. A drug information service can support health care professionals to obtain appropriate, unbiased information. Objectives: To describe the enquiries to a palliative care drug information service. Objectives are to determine the information needs (including off-label use) of different professional groups and areas of care, to identify subject areas and drug substances for which there is a high need for information. Methods: Retrospective evaluation of all enquiries to a palliative care drug information service within 24 months from July 2017 to June 2019. Results: During the study period, 477 enquiries reached the drug information service, mostly from physicians (59%), followed by pharmacists (31%). Ketamin was the most discussed drug (11%), in general enquiries or corresponding replies mostly contained drugs targeting the nervous system, such as analgesics. Application techniques (26%) was the most relevant category, cancer pain (24%) was the most frequently addressed symptom. About half of the enquiries (48%) dealt with off-label us, regarding an application mode outside the license. Conclusion: The information needs on palliative care pharmacotherapy seem to be particularly high among physicians. The demand for information in the area of application technology is particularly apparent and demonstrates a therapeutic gap in terms of availability of suitable preparations as well as necessary information. ER  - 
Sibling umbilical cord blood infusion is safe in young children with cerebral palsy$$$ Preclinical and early phase clinical studies suggest that an appropriately dosed umbilical cord blood (CB) infusion has the potential to help improve motor function in young children with cerebral palsy (CP). As many children with CP do not have their own CB available, use of allogeneic cells would extend access to this potentially beneficial therapy to more children. In this phase I, open-label study, 15 children, aged 1 to 6 years, with moderate to severe spastic CP were treated with a single intravenous infusion of allogeneic human leukocyte antigen (HLA) matched or partially matched sibling CB with a cell dose of ≥2.5 × 107 cells/kg based on the pre-cryopreservation count (median infused cell dose, 3.3 × 107; range, 1.8-5.2 × 107). There were a total of 49 adverse events (AEs) over a 2-year time period, but there were no AEs related to the CB infusions. Specifically, there were no acute infusion reactions and no antibody formation against platelets, red blood cells, or donor-specific HLA antigens. Donor cells were not detected in peripheral blood 6 months later. Six months after infusion, participants were assessed for response and experienced a mean ± SD increase of 4.7 ± 2.5 points on the Gross Motor Function Measure-66 and 1 ± 2.9 points on the Peabody Gross Motor Quotient. Appropriately dosed, allogeneic partially or fully HLA-matched sibling CB infusion is well tolerated and potentially beneficial in young children with CP. ER  - 
Neuro-psychiatric manifestations in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: A systematic review and results from the Swiss lupus cohort study$$$ Objectives: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a systemic autoimmune disease associated with neuro-psychiatric (NP) manifestations. Frequency and patterns of neuro-psychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) vary substantially between patients. We conducted a systematic review (SR) of the literature and examined prevalence and characteristics of NPSLE in the Swiss SLE cohort study (SSCS). Methods: The SR search was performed between January 1999 and January 2020. We included prospective/cross-sectional studies focusing on NPSLE. We secured study characteristics, cohort compositions and frequencies of NP manifestations, assessed heterogeneity across reports and investigated sources of variation using meta-regression models. Regarding the SSCS, we reviewed all patients included and classified NP manifestations. Results: The SR searches identified 530 studies. We included 22 studies in our meta-analysis, the mean frequency of NPSLE ranged from 10.6% to 96.4%. The frequency of NPSLE in the SSCS was 28.1%. Severe events including cerebrovascular insults, seizures and psychosis appeared in 7.1%, 5.3% and 6.5% respectively. There was a linear relationship between duration of SLE and cumulative incidence of NPSLE. Conclusions: The spectrum of NPSLE is very broad. The diagnostic work-up and rates of reported manifestations varied substantially across studies. We call for concerted efforts and consensus regarding definitions of NPSLE that will facilitate accurate diagnosis and attribution to SLE, particularly with a view to timely intervention and patient outcomes. ER  - 
Healthcare Resource Consumption and Cost of Invasive Meningococcal Disease in France: A Study of the National Health Insurance Database$$$ Introduction: Invasive meningococcal disease (IMD) is an uncommon but serious infectious disease. Its economic burden is known to be high but is poorly characterised. The objective of this study was to determine costs, as captured in the healthcare claims database, incurred by all patients hospitalised for IMD in France over a 6-year period. Methods: This case–control study was performed using the French national public health insurance database (SNDS). Cases comprised all individuals hospitalised with acute IMD in France between 2012 and 2017 inclusive. For each case, three controls were identified, matched for age, gender and region of residence. All healthcare resource consumption by cases and controls during the follow-up period was documented. Costs were analysed for the index hospitalisation in cases, 1 year following the index date and then for 5 years following the index date. Costs were assigned from national tariffs. The analysis was performed from a societal perspective. IMD sequelae were identified from hospital discharge summaries. Results: A total of 3532 cases and 10,590 controls were evaluated. The mean per capita cost of the index IMD hospitalisation was €11,256, and increased with age and with the presence of sequelae. In the year following the index date, mean per capita direct medical costs were €6564 in cases and €2890 in controls. Annual costs were €4254 in cases without sequelae, €10,799 in cases with one sequela and €20,096 in cases with more than one sequela. In the fifth year of follow-up, mean per capita costs were €2646 in cases and €1478 in controls. The excess cost in cases was principally due to the management of sequelae. Amputation, skin scarring and mental retardation generated per capita costs in excess of €20,000 in the first year and in excess of €10,000 for subsequent years. Conclusion: The economic burden of IMD in France is high and, over the long-term, is driven by sequelae management. ER  - 
Anxiety of families after first unprovoked or first febrile seizure – A prospective, randomized pilot study$$$ Objectives: Parents of children with a first unprovoked seizure report high levels of stress and anxiety. Little is known however about interventions that might help to reduce anxiety. We aimed to evaluate anxiety of parents and children after a first unprovoked seizure and assess the anxiety-reducing effect of a semi-structured follow-up in a first seizure clinic (FSC). In comparison, parents of children with febrile seizures are also evaluated, as an example of anxiety evolution without follow-up intervention after provoked seizures. Study design: In this prospective, interventional study, patients presenting with a first unprovoked seizure were randomized to early care (EC) with follow-up in FSC within 3 weeks and late care (LC), follow-up in FSC after 4 months. Anxiety levels of parents and patients were scored with the State Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) after the initial seizure (T0), 3 and 12 months (T1, T2). To assess the effect of the semi-structured follow-up, anxiety scores were compared between the two groups at baseline, at T1 (i.e., after intervention in EC but prior to intervention in LC) and at T2. Parents of children with febrile seizures (FS) were prospectively followed up without intervention. Results: Fifty two patients were included (EC n = 18, LC n = 18, FS n = 15). Initial state anxiety in parents was high in all groups. At T1 (i. e. after intervention in EC but not LC) state anxiety was significantly higher in LC (52.2 (16.7) vs. 33.3 (5.3), p < 0.01). This effect persisted after 12 months, despite intervention in LC in the meantime (39.0 (11.7) vs. 28.8 (6.2); p < 0.01)). The effect in children was similar (T1: 40.6 (8.3) vs. 29.8 (5.1); p < 0.05 and T2: 33.5 (4.7) vs. 24.7 (3.6); p < 0.01). State anxiety in FS decreased within 3 months without intervention (50.0 (14.5) to 33.7 (9.2)). Conclusions: A timely and structured follow-up in a FSC offers effective and sustained reduction of anxiety-levels after first unprovoked seizure in children. In contrast, anxiety after a first febrile seizure decreases over time without additional intervention. ER  - 
Epilepsy at the intersection of disability, gender, and culture: A duoethnography$$$ Epilepsy is a neurodevelopmental disorder that affects millions of adults and children. Several different types of seizures, ranging from generalized which affect both sides of the brain to focal seizures that are rooted in one location of the brain. In addition to the physical impact of epilepsy, there are many emotional and identity consequences of living with epilepsy. An area that is not yet explored is the impact of epilepsy on the lives of women of color. In this paper, we fill this gap by exploring the experiences of two women of color who have had epilepsy beginning in early childhood through motherhood. One of the women is Mexican-American and an early career faculty in social work. The other identifies as a Chinese immigrant doctoral student in disability studies. Together, these stories bring to the literature voices that have not been actively engaged by epilepsy research or academia. We use a duoethnographic approach in this work given that this method provides an opportunity to explore identity and intersectionality and juxtapose our narratives surrounding epilepsy. By applying disability critical race theory (DisCrit) to our narratives, we identified how fluctuating epileptic symptoms, gender, and culture, interact with the layers of our epileptic identities. Furthermore, we discuss how our experiences with epilepsy exposes the lack of accommodative efforts in both the healthcare and education systems for individuals with invisible neurodevelopmental disabilities. This duoethnography has important implications for engaging youth with epilepsy and other invisible disabilities. By showcasing our journey of “coming to terms” with epilepsy, our dialog provides insights into how to support youth in building a positive disability identity. Our experiences in academia set up a basis to discuss accommodations for students with epilepsy and other invisible disabilities. ER  - 
Relationship between sleep quality and cognitive performance in patients with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To investigate the relationship between self-reported sleep quality and cognitive function in patients with epilepsy (PWE), as well as anxiety and depressive symptoms and patient quality of life (QoL). Methods: This multicenter cross-sectional study included PWE aged ≥12 years who were receiving ≥1 anti-seizure medication (ASM) and had not been diagnosed with a sleep disorder. Patients completed the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), the Montreal Cognitive Assessment test (MoCA), the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), and the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-10 (QOLIE-10). Results: The study enrolled 150 patients aged 16–83 years, mean age (standard deviation [SD]) 40.6 (15.2) years; 58.7% were female and 75.3% had focal epilepsy. Mean (SD) PSQI score was 4.71 (3.08), 44.4% of patients had impaired sleep quality (PSQI score ≥5), 19.9% had pathologic excessive daytime sleepiness (ESS score >12), and 32.7% had mild cognitive impairment (MoCA score <26). Within the PSQI, sleep disturbance (P = 0.036) and use of sleep medication (P = 0.006) scores were significantly higher in patients with mild cognitive impairment. Multiple regression analysis showed older age (regression coefficient [B], −0.086; 95% confidence interval [CI], −0.127, −0.045; P < 0.001) and the use of sleep medication component of the PSQI [B, −1.157; 95% CI, −2.064, −0.220; P = 0.013) were independently associated with lower MoCA score. Poor sleep quality was associated with probable anxiety and depression symptoms, and directly correlated with reduced QoL. Conclusions: In PWE, sleep quality was not significantly independently associated with mild cognitive impairment, although poor sleep quality had a negative effect on mood and QoL. ER  - 
Adult onset epilepsy is defined by phenotypic clusters with unique comorbidities and risks of death$$$ Objective: This study was undertaken to identify clusters of adult onset epilepsy with distinct comorbidities and risks of early and late death. Methods: This was a retrospective open cohort study that included all adults meeting a case definition for epilepsy after the Acceptable Mortality Recording date in the Health Improvement Network database for the years 2000–2012 inclusive. Unsupervised agglomerative hierarchical clustering was performed to identify unique clusters of patients based on their predicted risk of early (<4 years of epilepsy diagnosis) and late (≥4 years from diagnosis) mortality and patient-level clinical characteristics. Results: We identified 10 499 presumed incident cases of epilepsy from 11 194 182 patients. Four phenotypic clusters were identified in the early and late risk periods. Early clusters include older adults with cardiovascular disease and a high risk of death (median predicted risk = 20%, interquartile range [IQR] = 9%–31%), a group with moderate risk of death and cancer (median predicted risk = 6%, IQR = 2%–15%), a group with psychiatric disease/substance use and few somatic comorbidities (median predicted risk = 5%, IQR = 2%–9%), and one with a younger age at onset and few comorbidities (median predicted risk = 4%, IQR = 1%–11%). There was minimal movement of individuals between clusters for those surviving the early risk period. Age- and sex-standardized 3-year mortality ratios were more than sixfold higher than the general population for every cluster, even those primarily comprised of healthy younger adults. Significance: Adult onset epilepsy is marked by unique clusters of comorbid conditions and elevated risks of death that form discrete populations for targeted therapeutic interventions. These clusters remain relatively stable between the early and late mortality risk periods. Of particular interest are the clusters marked by young and otherwise healthy adults whose standardized mortality ratio is sixfold higher than general population despite few conventional risk factors for premature death. ER  - 
Hypercapnic ventilatory response in epilepsy patients treated with VNS: A case-control study$$$ Objective: Central CO2 chemoreception (CCR), a major chemical drive for breathing, can be quantified with a CO2 re-breathing test to measure the hypercapnic ventilatory response (HCVR). An attenuated HCVR correlates with the severity of respiratory dysfunction after generalized convulsive seizures and is a potential biomarker for sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) risk. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) may reduce SUDEP risk, but for unclear reasons the risk remains higher during the first 2 years after implantation. The vagus nerve has widespread connections in the brainstem, including key areas related to CCR. Here we examined whether chronic electrical stimulation of the vagus nerve induces changes in CCR. Methods: We compared the HCVR in epilepsy patients with or without an active VNS in a sex- and age-matched case-control study. Eligible subjects were selected from a cohort of patients who previously underwent HCVR testing. The HCVR slope, change in minute ventilation (VE) with respect to change in end tidal (ET) CO2 (∆ VE/ ∆ ETCO2) during the test was calculated for each subject. Key variables were compared between the two groups. Univariate and multivariate analyses were carried out for HCVR slope as dependent variable. Results: A total of 86 subjects were in the study. HCVR slope was significantly lower in the cases compared to the controls. Cases had longer duration of epilepsy and higher number of anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) tried during lifetime. Having active VNS and ETCO2 were associated with a low HCVR slope while high BMI was associated with high HCVR slope in both univariate and multivariate analyses. Discussion: We found having an active VNS was associated with relatively attenuated HCVR slope. Although duration of epilepsy and number of AEDs tried during lifetime was significantly different between the groups, they were not predictors of HCVR slope in subsequent analysis. Conclusion: Chronic electrical stimulation of VNS nerve by VNS may be associated with an attenuated CCR. A larger prospective study may help to establish the time course of this effect in relation to the time of VNS implantation, whether there is a causal relationship, and determine how it affects SUDEP risk. ER  - 
Factors affecting breastfeeding in women with epilepsy$$$ Objective: This study aimed to compare rates of breastfeeding initiation and maintenance in women with epilepsy (WWE) with those of the general population and to identify factors affecting breastfeeding patterns in WWE. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed data for the following variables in pregnant WWE (n = 102) and healthy women without epilepsy (n = 112): demographic characteristics (age, race, ethnicity), epilepsy type (focal or generalized onset), antiseizure medication(s), psychiatric comorbidities, postpartum seizure control, breastfeeding counseling, and lactation consultation. Fisher exact test and logistic regression analyses were performed to compare the rates of breastfeeding initiation and continuation in pregnant WWE with those of healthy pregnant women and to determine factors associated with rates of breastfeeding initiation and maintenance. Results: The rate of breastfeeding initiation in WWE was significantly lower than in healthy women without epilepsy (50.9% vs. 87.6%), and WWE were less likely to maintain breastfeeding at 6 weeks (38.2%) and 3 months (36%) postpartum. Nearly half (53%) of WWE received antepartum breastfeeding counseling by their neurologists, and these women had higher odds of breastfeeding initiation and continuation (odds ratio [OR] = 2.53, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.14–5.72, p =.02). Postpartum consultation with a board-certified lactation consultant was associated with higher odds of breastfeeding continuation at 6 weeks (OR = 5.43, 95% CI = 1.39–27.23, p =.02) and at 3 months (OR = 4.9, 95% CI = 1.34–20.87, p =.019). Women taking levetiracetam were more likely to initiate and continue breastfeeding than those taking lamotrigine (OR = 6.22, 95% CI = 2.15–20.20, p =.001). Significance: The initiation rate and duration of breastfeeding were significantly lower in WWE than in healthy women without epilepsy and were significantly associated with several factors. Identification of potential barriers to breastfeeding in WWE may lead to development of intervention strategies that can improve breastfeeding rates in WWE to maximize positive health outcomes for WWE and their infants. ER  - 
Predicting epilepsy surgery outcome in adult patients: May psychiatric diagnosis improve predictive models?$$$ Objective: With this study, we aimed to assess the importance of including psychiatric disorders in a comprehensive prediction model for epilepsy surgery. Methods: Ambispective observational study with a sample of adults who underwent resective surgery. Participants were evaluated, before and one year after surgery, to collect data regarding their neurological and psychiatric history. The one-year post-surgical outcome was classified according to the Engel Outcome Scale. Previously identified predictors of post-surgical Engel Class were included in a logistic regression model. Then, the accuracy of alternative predictive models, including or excluding, past and current psychiatric diagnoses, were tried. Results: One hundred and forty-six people participated in this study. The inclusion of psychiatric diagnosis resulted in a model with a higher AUC curve, however, the Delong method showed no significant statistical differences between the models. Significance: Despite the fact that presurgical psychiatric diagnoses have shown to contribute to the prediction of epilepsy surgery outcome they do not contribute to a significant improvement of predictive models. ER  - 
Safety, Patient-Reported Well-Being, and Physician-Reported Assessment of Walking Ability in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis for Prolonged-Release Fampridine Treatment in Routine Clinical Practice: Results of the LIBERATE Study$$$ Background: Prolonged-release fampridine (PR-FAM) 10-mg tablet twice daily is the only approved pharmacological treatment for improvement of walking ability in adults with multiple sclerosis (MS). LIBERATE assessed the safety/effectiveness of PR-FAM in the real-world. Objectives: The aim of this study was to collect additional safety data, including the incidence rate of seizures and other adverse events (AEs) of interest, from patients with MS taking PR-FAM in routine clinical practice (including patients aged ≥ 65 years and those with pre-existing cardiovascular risk factors). Other objectives included change over time in patient-reported evaluation of physical and psychological impact of MS while taking PR-FAM, and change over time in physician-reported assessment of walking ability in MS patients taking PR-FAM. Methods: Patients with MS newly prescribed PR-FAM were recruited (201 sites, 13 countries). Demographic/safety data were collected at enrolment through 12 months. Physician-rated Clinical Global Impression of Improvement (CGI-I) scores for walking ability, and Multiple Sclerosis Impact Scale-29 (MSIS-29) were assessed. Results: Safety analysis included 4646 patients with 3534.8 patient-years of exposure; median (range) age, 52.6 (21–85) years, 87.3% < 65 years, and 65.7% women. Treatment-emergent AEs (TEAEs) were reported in 2448 (52.7%) patients, and serious TEAEs were reported in 279 (6.0%) patients, of whom 37 (< 1%) experienced treatment-emergent serious AEs (TESAEs) considered related to PR-FAM. AEs of special interest (AESI) occurred in 1799 (38.7%) patients, and serious AESI in 128 (2.8%) patients. Seventeen (< 1%) patients experienced actual events of seizure. Overall, 1158 (24.9%) patients discontinued treatment due to lack of efficacy. At 12 months, a greater proportion of patients on-treatment had improvement from baseline in CGI-I for walking ability versus those who discontinued (61% vs. 11%; p < 0.001). MSIS-29 physical impact score improved significantly for patients on-treatment for 12 months versus those who discontinued (mean change, baseline to 12 months: − 9.99 vs. − 0.34 points; p < 0.001). Results were similar for MSIS-29 psychological impact. Conclusion: No new safety concerns were identified in this real-world study, suggesting that routine risk-minimization measures are effective. CGI-I and MSIS-29 scores after 12 months treatment with PR-FAM treatment show clinical benefits consistent with those previously reported. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01480063. ER  - 
Postictal Psychosis in Epilepsy: A Clinicogenetic Study$$$ Objective: Psychoses affecting people with epilepsy increase disease burden and diminish quality of life. We characterized postictal psychosis, which comprises about one quarter of epilepsy-related psychoses, and has unknown causation. Methods: We conducted a case–control cohort study including patients diagnosed with postictal psychosis, confirmed by psychiatric assessment, with available data regarding epilepsy, treatment, psychiatric history, psychosis profile, and outcomes. After screening 3,288 epilepsy patients, we identified 83 with psychosis; 49 had postictal psychosis. Controls were 98 adults, matched by age and epilepsy type, with no history of psychosis. Logistic regression was used to investigate clinical factors associated with postictal psychosis; univariate associations with a p value < 0.20 were used to build a multivariate model. Polygenic risk scores for schizophrenia were calculated. Results: Cases were more likely to have seizure clustering (odds ratio [OR] = 7.59, p < 0.001), seizures with a recollected aura (OR = 2.49, p = 0.013), and a family history of psychiatric disease (OR = 5.17, p = 0.022). Cases showed predominance of right temporal epileptiform discharges (OR = 4.87, p = 0.007). There was no difference in epilepsy duration, neuroimaging findings, or antiseizure treatment between cases and controls. Polygenic risk scores for schizophrenia in an extended cohort of postictal psychosis cases (n = 58) were significantly higher than in 1,366 epilepsy controls (R2 = 3%, p = 6 × 10−3), but not significantly different from 945 independent patients with schizophrenia (R2 = 0.1%, p = 0.775). Interpretation: Postictal psychosis occurs under particular circumstances in people with epilepsy with a heightened genetic predisposition to schizophrenia, illustrating how disease biology (seizures) and trait susceptibility (schizophrenia) may interact to produce particular outcomes (postictal psychosis) in a common disease. ANN NEUROL 2021;90:464–476. ER  - 
The Impact of Non-dopaminergic Medication on Quality of Life in Parkinson’s Disease$$$ Background and Objectives: Quality of life (QoL) in Parkinson’s disease (PD) depends on multiple factors. Due to PD treatment and accompanying, age-related or independent comorbidities, pill burden is often high. The relation of QoL and pharmacotherapy for comorbidities in PD has not been widely studied. This study investigated if and to what extent non-dopaminergic drugs are related to QoL in PD. Second, the impact of demographics and non-motor symptoms were evaluated. A better understanding of the impact of different non-dopaminergic drugs and polypharmacy on QoL will have added value in selecting appropriate (medication) interventions. Methods: In a cross-sectional analysis, medication prescription data of 209 PD patients were analyzed and grouped according to the Rx-Risk comorbidity index. QoL was measured using the PDQ-39 questionnaire. Non-motor symptoms were analyzed with the Non-Motor Symptoms questionnaire. Independent factors associated with a reduced QoL were identified with a multivariate linear regression analysis. Results: Non-dopaminergic drugs, subdivided into Rx-Risk comorbidity categories, were not associated with reduced QoL, except for the use of anti-epileptic drugs. However, using more daily non-dopaminergic drugs was also negatively associated with QoL, as well as female sex, increased PD severity, and more non-motor symptoms. Contraindicated non-dopaminergic medication was barely prescribed (0.4%). Conclusion: Non-dopaminergic drugs are frequently prescribed, and higher numbers are associated with impaired QoL in PD. However, when divided in drug types, only anti-epileptic drugs were negatively associated with QoL. In these patients, physicians might improve QoL by further optimizing the condition it was prescribed for (e.g., pain or anxiety), or managing of side effects. Trial registration: Netherlands Trial Register; NL4360. ER  - 
Felt stigma in seizure-free persons with epilepsy: Associated factors and its impact on health-related quality of life$$$ Purpose: We investigated felt stigma in seizure-free persons with epilepsy with regard to associated factors and its impact on health-related quality of life (HRQoL). Methods: This cross-sectional study included 81 patients who had been seizure free for at least 2 years and 52 controls who had only had one seizure in the last 2 years. All patients completed the Stigma Scale, Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-31 (QOLIE-31), short form of the Eysenck Personality Questionnaire-Revised (EPQ-RS), Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS), Rosenberg Self-esteem Scale, and the enacted stigma questionnaire. Results: The proportion of felt stigma was not significantly different between controls (25%) and patients in seizure remission (21%). A stepwise logistic regression analysis revealed that enacted stigma and higher EPQ-RS Neuroticism scores were more likely to be associated with felt stigma of patients in remission. Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-31 scores were significantly higher in patients in seizure remission than in controls. In the stepwise linear regression analysis, felt stigma was not associated with the total QOILE-31 scores. Sobel tests showed that felt stigma had indirect effects on the QOLIE-31 scores through EPQ-RS Neuroticism scores, but its statistical significance was lost after controlling for the presence of enacted stigma, anxiety, and depressive symptoms. Conclusion: One-fifth of seizure-free patients continued to feel stigmatized, even though they had not had a seizure in more than 2 years. Experience of enacted stigma and a neurotic personality trait were the most important correlates of felt stigma for these patients. Health-related quality of life was significantly better in patients in remission than in patients with rare seizures. Felt stigma was not a significant or independent factor associated with worse HRQoL in patients in remission. ER  - 
Sex-based differences in the prevalence of and risk factors for depression in adult patients with epilepsy in Northeast China$$$ Objectives: To confirm whether the prevalence of depression in patients with epilepsy (PWE) is different between the sexes, whether risk factors for depression vary between the sexes, and whether the association between cognitive function and depression in PWE is influenced by patient sex. Methods: A cohort of consecutive PWE from the First Hospital of Jilin University (Changchun, China) was recruited. Depressive symptoms were evaluated using the Chinese version of the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy scale, and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to identify independent risk factors for depression in both male and female PWE. Results: Female PWE experienced more serious depressive symptoms (p = 0.001) than male PWE. Risk factors affecting comorbid depression varied according to sex. Among male PWE, per capita monthly family income (odds ratio [OR] 0.515 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.311–0.851]; P = 0.01), seizure frequency over the past year (OR 1.586 [95% CI 1.019–2.468], P = 0.041), polytherapy (OR 0.446 [95% CI 0.214–0.931]; P = 0.032), and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) scale score (OR 0.926 [95% CI 0.873–0.982]; P = 0.011) were independent risk factors for depression. Among female PWE, educational level (OR 0.604 [95% CI 0.364–1]; P = 0.05) and MoCA scale score (OR 0.921 [95% CI 0.859–0.987]; P = 0.02) were independent risk factors for depression. Conclusion: Depression was a common psychiatric comorbidity among PWE, and the prevalence of and risk factors for depression differed between males and females. ER  - 
A follow-up study of patients with COVID-19 presenting with seizures$$$ Objective: We performed a follow-up study of patients with COVID-19 presenting with seizures. Methods: All consecutive patients with seizures, who were referred to Namazee Hospital, Shiraz, Iran, with a diagnosis of COVID-19, from 10 August 2020 until 20 October 2020 were included in this longitudinal study. The clinical data were collected by the admitting physician. In a follow-up phone call to the discharged patients (after eight weeks or more), we inquired their seizure outcome. Results: In total, 32 patients were studied; 28 patients were followed. Twelve patients (37.5%) presented with a single tonic-clonic seizure and nine (28.1%) had convulsive status epilepticus; one patient had functional (psychogenic) seizures. Ten patients (31.3%) had pre-existing epilepsy, eight others (25%) had pre-existing CNS problems (without epilepsy), one person (3.1%) had pre-existing functional seizures, and 13 individuals (40.1%) neither had epilepsy nor had other CNS problems. Eight patients (28.6%) reported experiencing seizure(s) after being discharged from the hospital; six of these had pre-existing epilepsy and one had pre-existing functional seizures. One patient, who had a newly developed ischemic brain infarction, reported experiencing recurrent seizures. Conclusion: Seizures in patients with COVID-19 are either acute symptomatic (in about two-thirds) or an exacerbation of a pre-existing epilepsy/functional seizures (in about one-third). A thorough investigation of the underlying etiology of seizures in patients with COVID-19 is necessary. Seizure outcome in patients, who are hospitalized with COVID-19 and seizures, is generally good. ER  - 
Neurological presentations and cognitive outcome in Sturge-Weber syndrome$$$ Introduction: This study of children with Sturge-Weber syndrome (SWS) profiled neurological presentations; compared patients with (+) and without (−) port-wine stain (PWS); and determined risk factors for intellectual and language impairments. Methods: A retrospective case note review was conducted at a national centre. Results: This cohort (n = 140, male 72, median follow up 114 months) showed sex parity. Intellectual disability (“ID”: IQ ≤ 70) affected half (66), being severe (IQ ≤ 40) in two-fifths (27) with ID. Language disorder (core score≤70) affected half (57). Neurological presentations were: status epilepticus 57% (80), hemiplegia 58% (81), headaches 36% (50) and acutely acquired neurological deficits lasting over 24 h 40% (56). One-seventh (20) were PWS(−). This group had: fewer lobes with angioma (p < 0.0001); and less frequent ID (p = 0.002) or language disorder (p = 0.013). Seizure frequency and status epilepticus prevalence did not differ from PWS(+). ID and language disorder were associated with: more lobes with angioma; earlier seizure onset; more frequent status epilepticus and seizure clusters. On multivariable analysis recurrent status epilepticus (p = 0.037) and multi-lobe involvement (p = 0.002) increased the risk of severe intellectual disability. Active epilepsy was associated with language disorder (p = 0.030). Conclusions: This is the largest reported series documenting detailed developmental profiles of children with SWS, including ID and ASD. PWS(+) shows high rates of ID and language disorder. PWS(−) SWS has a more favourable outcome. Cognitive outcome is contingent on number of affected lobes and bilateral involvement. Epilepsy exerts an additional deleterious effect on language and cognition. A high percentage of children have a history of status epilepticus, with evidence that this impacts language and cognitive outcomes. Acutely acquired neurological deficits did not penalise either. Regular structured clinical and developmental assessment permit greater identification of neurological and neurodevelopmental impairments in SWS, and appropriate support. ER  - 
Locked-in intact functional networks in children with autism spectrum disorder: A case-control study$$$ Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fMRI) has the potential to investigate abnormalities in brain network structure and connectivity on an individual level in neurodevelopmental disorders, such as autism spectrum disorder (ASD), paving the way toward using this technology for a personalized, precision medicine approach to diagnosis and treatment. Using a case-control design, we compared five patients with severe regressive-type ASD to five patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) to examine the association between brain network characteristics and diagnosis. All children with ASD and TLE demonstrated intact motor, language, and frontoparietal (FP) networks. However, aberrant networks not usually seen in the typical brain were also found. These aberrant networks were located in the motor (40%), language (80%), and FP (100%) regions in children with ASD, while children with TLE only presented with aberrant networks in the motor (40%) and language (20%) regions, in addition to identified seizure onset zones. Fisher’s exact test indicated a significant relationship between aberrant FP networks and diagnosis (p = 0.008), with ASD and atypical FP networks co-occurring more frequently than expected by chance. Despite severe cognitive delays, children with regressive-type ASD may demonstrate intact typical cortical network activation despite an inability to use these cognitive facilities. The functions of these intact cognitive networks may not be fully expressed, potentially because aberrant networks interfere with their long-range signaling, thus creating a unique “locked-in network” syndrome. ER  - 
Reaction time and visual memory in connection to alcohol use in persons with bipolar disorder$$$ The purpose of this study was to explore the association of cognition with hazardous drinking and alcohol‐related disorder in persons with bipolar disorder (BD). The study population included 1268 persons from Finland with bipolar disorder. Alcohol use was assessed through hazardous drinking and alcohol‐related disorder including alcohol use disorder (AUD). Hazardous drinking was screened with the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test for Consumption (AUDIT‐C) screening tool. Alcohol‐related disorder diagnoses were obtained from the national registrar data. Participants performed two computerized tasks from the Cambridge Automated Neuropsychological Test Battery (CANTAB) on A tablet computer: the 5‐choice serial reaction time task, or reaction time (RT) test and the Paired Associative Learning (PAL) test. Depressive symptoms were assessed with the Mental Health Inventory with five items (MHI‐5). However, no assessment of current manic symptoms was available. Association between RT‐test and alcohol use was analyzed with log‐linear regression, and eβ with 95% confidence intervals (CI) are reported. PAL first trial memory score was analyzed with linear regression, and β with 95% CI are reported. PAL total errors adjusted was analyzed with logistic regression and odds ratios (OR) with 95% CI are reported. After adjustment of age, education, housing status and depression, hazardous drinking was associated with lower median and less variable RT in females while AUD was associated with a poorer PAL test performance in terms of the total errors adjusted scores in females. Our findings of positive associations between alcohol use and cognition in persons with bipolar disorder are difficult to explain because of the methodological flaw of not being able to separately assess only participants in euthymic phase. ER  - 
Cross-sectional and longitudinal evaluation of cannabidiol (CBD) product use and health among people with epilepsy$$$ Recent approval of Epidiolex® (pharmaceutical cannabidiol/CBD) for the treatment of Lennox Gastaut syndrome (LGS) and Dravet syndrome highlights a therapeutic efficacy of CBD in the treatment of epilepsy. However, a large number of patients with epilepsy elect to use alternative artisanal CBD products due to cost or access constraints. Despite widespread availability and variety of these artisanal CBD products, studies evaluating their safety or efficacy are rare, making conclusions about clinical utility uncertain. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate cross-sectional and longitudinal associations of artisanal CBD product use with quality of life, mental health, healthcare utilization, and epilepsy-specific outcomes within a large, observational cohort of people with epilepsy. Participants who reported using artisanal CBD products at baseline (Artisanal CBD Users; n = 280) and participants who used no cannabis-based products (Controls; n = 138) completed web-based assessments evaluating psychiatric symptoms, healthcare utilization, and epilepsy-specific factors. Follow-up surveys were collected in a subset of participants (n = 190) following baseline assessment for longitudinal comparison. Cross-sectionally, higher quality of life, lower psychiatric symptom severity, and improved sleep were observed among Artisanal CBD Users at baseline compared with Controls. Initiation of artisanal CBD product use was also related to improved health outcomes longitudinally. No group differences were observed for seizure control, but both groups included a high number of individuals with no past month seizures. Artisanal CBD Users reported significantly better epilepsy medication tolerability, use of fewer prescription medications overall, and reduced healthcare utilization compared with Controls. These findings are consistent with research indicating that practitioners recommending CBD in clinical care for epilepsy report integrating the use of CBD both as a means to improve patient quality of life as well as for seizure control. ER  - 
Clinical spectrum and neuroimagistic features in hospitalized patients with neurological disorders and concomitant coronavirus-19 infection$$$ In the first months of the COVID-19 pandemic, several research studies focused on understanding the damage to the respiratory and circulatory systems. However, the evidence of neurological manifestations as part of the clinical spectrum of the disease has increased. The aim of this retrospective study was to determine the potential association of neurological disorders with concomitant COVID-19 infection. We reviewed 101 patients (mean age, 70.05 years; 62.37% men) diagnosed with different neurological disorders and COVID-19 who were referred to the Department of Neurology between March 2020 and May 2021. The protocol included demographic, clinical, and neuroimagistic features, biochemical evaluation data, and prognosis. In the first group of patients with non-severe COVID-19 infection (<50% lung damage), we enrolled 75 cases (mean age, 69.13 years; 65.33% men), and the second group, with 26 patients (mean age, 72.69 years; 53.84% men), developed severe COVID-19 infection (>50% lung damage). Severe COVID-19 infection was significantly correlated with an increased highly sensitive C-reactive protein level (hsCRP) (p < 0.05), lactate dehydrogenase level (LDH) (p < 0.05), erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) (p < 0.05), D-dimer (p < 0.05), fibrinogen level (p < 0.05), and blood glucose (p<0.05) when compared to the first group. These biochemical parameters were increased in both groups, but the levels were much higher in the second group. Headaches (72.27%) and dizziness (14.85%) were present in the early stage of infection. Cerebrovascular events were also reported: ischemic stroke (48% vs. 57.69%; p < 0.05), cerebral hemorrhage (4.95%), and cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (1.98%). Encephalitis (1.98%) and Guillain–Barré Syndrome (1.98%) were found but less frequently. Cranial nerve abnormalities were statistically more common in the non-severe group: anosmia (32% vs. 26.92%; p <0.05), dys-geusia/ageusia (48% vs. 42.30%; p <0.05), impaired eye movement (1.33% vs. 0%), and facial nerve palsy (2.66% vs. 0%). Seizures (13.33% vs. 11.53%; p < 0.05) and a depressed level of consciousness (31.68%) occurred commonly. We detected the neuropsychiatric symptoms of anxiety (23.76%) and depression (14.85%). Mortality was increased in both groups but was much higher in the second group (46.15% vs. 21.33%). Neurological complications during COVID-19 infection are common in hospitalized patients, but the mechanism of these complications is not fully understood, representing a continuous challenge for neurologists. ER  - 
Risk of developing epilepsy after autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Background: Acute symptomatic seizures (ASS) are a common manifestation of autoimmune encephalitis (AE), but the risk of developing epilepsy as a sequela of AE remains unknown, and factors predisposing the development of epilepsy have not been fully identified. Objective: To assess the risk of developing epilepsy in AE and study related risk factors. Materials and methods: This was a retrospective single centre study including patients diagnosed with AE according to criteria described by Graus et al., with a minimum follow-up of 12 months after AE resolution. The sample was divided according to whether patients developed epilepsy or not. Results: A total of 19 patients were included; 3 (15.8%) had AE with intracellular antibodies, 9 (47.4%) with extracellular antibodies, and 7 (36.8%) were seronegative. During follow-up, 3 patients (15.8%) died, 4 (21.1%) presented relapses of AE, and 11 (57.89%) developed epilepsy. There was a significant association between the development of epilepsy and the presence of hippocampal atrophy in control brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) (p = 0.037), interictal epileptiform discharges (IED) on control electroencephalogram (EEG) (p = 0.045), and immunotherapy delay (p = 0.016). Conclusions: Hip-pocampal atrophy in neuroimaging, IED on EEG during follow-up, and immunotherapy delay could be predictors of the development of epilepsy in patients with AE. ER  - 
Psychiatric outcome of temporal lobe epilepsy surgery: A prospective, 2-year follow-up study$$$ Objective: We performed a prospective, longitudinal, 2-year follow-up study to clarify psychiatric courses and outcomes after temporal lobe epilepsy surgery. Methods: We assessed 141 patients (68 men, 73 women) aged 16 or older with structured interviews and psychiatric rating scales before surgery and 3 months, 1 year, and 2 years afterward. Results: Fifty-two patients (36.9%) had a psychiatric condition before surgery or during the follow-up period or both. The number of patients with a psychiatric condition decreased from 31 (22.0%) before surgery to 14 (9.9%) at 2 years. On the basis of our results, we defined 5 courses of psychiatric conditions: course 0, no psychopathology (n = 89, 63.1%); course 1, remission or resolution of a presurgical psychiatric condition after surgery (n = 19, 13.5%); course 2, new onset, transient psychiatric condition after surgery (n = 19, 13.5%); course 3, new onset, persistent psychiatric condition after surgery (n = 2, 1.4%); and course 4, chronic psychiatric condition before and after surgery (n = 12, 8.5%). In 14/25 (56.0%) patients with a mood or anxiety disorder before surgery, the condition remitted or resolved after surgery (course 1). Eighteen of 110 patients (16.4%) without any psychopathology before surgery developed mood or anxiety disorders afterward, including major depressive disorder in 13 patients (courses 2 and 3); in more than half of these patients, the disorder manifested within 1 year. More patients with a past history of psychiatric conditions were found in course 2 than in course 0. The duration of epilepsy was longer in course 4 than in course 0, and age at epilepsy onset was lower in course 4 than in course 0. Significance: Most patients with a psychiatric condition show a favorable outcome 2 years after surgery; however, some show a transient worsening or new onset of psychiatric conditions, in particular depression. ER  - 
Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on people with epilepsy: An interventional study using early physical consultation$$$ Background: Telehealth use is limited in developing countries. Therefore, a modified approach with early physical consultation was designed and applied in our hospital. This study aimed to determine the efficacy of this early physical consultation in reducing the clinical and psychological impacts of coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19), which enabled insight into its global feasibility. Method: Participants were contacted and offered early physical consultation with a neurologist. Patients who participated in the Phase 1 study on the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on people with epilepsy and treated in our hospital were recruited. Clinical and psychological outcomes of COVID-19 were assessed with the Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS) and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31). Result: A total of 312 patients completed this study with a mean age of 39.13 ± 16.13 years, majority female (51.0%), and experienced seizures at least once yearly (64.7%). There was 12.6% who experienced seizure worsening related to the COVID-19 pandemic. After receiving early clinical intervention, 30.8% achieved better seizure control with another 51.1% had no seizure occurrence. The mean HADS anxiety score improved immediately post-intervention (5.27 ± 4.32 vs. 4.79 ± 4.26, p < 0.01), and at 2-week post-intervention (5.58 ± 4.46 vs. 4.73 ± 3.95, p < 0.01). The mean HADS depression score also improved immediately post-intervention (4.12 ± 3.69 vs. 3.84 ± 3.76, p < 0.05) and at 2-week post-intervention (4.38 ± 3.81 vs. 3.73 ± 3.63, p < 0.05). The intervention resulted in significant improvement in energy-fatigue and social function subscales in QOLIE-31 but a reduction in cognitive and medication effects subscales. Conclusion: Early physical consultation with stringent precautionary measures is feasible and effective in improving the psychological outcome during COVID-19 pandemic. ER  - 
Predicting the risk of stroke in patients with late-onset epilepsy: A machine learning approach$$$ Background: The goal of this cohort study was to estimate the predictors for ischemic stroke in patients with epilepsy in a large database containing data from general practitioners in Germany using machine learning methods. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included 11,466 patients aged ≥ 60 years with an initial diagnosis of epilepsy in 1182 general practices in Germany between January 2010 and December 2018 from the IQVIA Disease Analyzer database. The Sub-Population Optimization and Modeling Solutions (SOMS) tool was used to identify subgroups at a higher risk of stroke than the overall population with epilepsy based on 37 different variables. Results: A total of seven variables were considered important. Four co-diagnoses (diabetes, hypertension, heart failure, and alcohol dependence) were by far the strongest predictors with a combined predictive ability of more than 90%, whereby diabetes (41.4%) was the strongest predictor, followed by hypertension (35.0%) and heart failure (11.8%). The predictive importance of male gender was only 1.5%, and age was not recognized as an important predictor. Finally, the prescribed AEDs levetiracetam, with a predictive importance of 5.0%, and valproate, with 2.7%, were found to be weak predictors. Conclusion: The stroke risk in patients with epilepsy was relatively high and could be predicted based on comorbidities such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, heart failure, and alcohol dependence. Knowing and addressing these factors may help reduce the risk of stroke in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Quality of life and child’s autism-specific difficulties among malaysian main caregivers: A cross-sectional study$$$ Caring for children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) negatively impacts quality of life (QoL). This cross-sectional study aimed to determine the factors associated with perceived QoL and how problematic a child’s autism-specific difficulties are among the main caregivers of children with ASD who attend specialized preschool programs at the National Autism Society of Malaysia and IDEAS Autism Centre located in Selangor and Kuala Lumpur. Utilizing the questions from Parts A and B of the Quality of Life in Autism Questionnaire (QoLA), the data from 116 responders were analyzed using univariate and multivariate linear regression. The mean scores of Part A and Part B were 88.55 ± 17.25 and 56.55 ± 12.35, respectively. The QoL was significantly associated with staying in an apartment/flat −11.37 (95%CI: −19.52, −1.17, p = 0.008), main caregivers attending two training sessions 10.35 (95%CI: 1.17, 19.52, p = 0.028), and more than three training sessions 13.36 (95%CI: 2.01, 24.70, p = 0.022). Main caregiver perceptions of their child’s autistic-specific difficulties were significantly associated with not receiving additional help for childcare: no maid −13.54 (95%CI: −24.17, −12.91, p = 0.013); no grandparent −8.65 (95%: −14.33, −2.96, p = 0.003); and main caregivers not having asthma 8.44 (95%CI: 0.02, 16.86, p = 0.049). These identified factors can be considered to inform main caregivers and health care providers on targeted ways to improve the QoL of main caregivers. ER  - 
Isolated thrombosis of cortical veins – Clinical and radiological correlation$$$ Isolated cortical venous thrombosis (ICVT) is a relatively rare clinical entity with non-specific clinical presentations. Anatomical variations in cortical veins and the lack of a gold standard imaging feature make the diagnosis of ICVT challenging. Headache and seizures were the most common presentations. The Vein of Trolard followed by superficial middle cerebral vein (SMCV) were the most commonly involved. Susceptibility Weighted Imaging (SWI) cord sign was observed in 100% of the cases. CT cord sign and filling defects on contrast enhanced CT were evident in 46.7% and 10% of the cases, respectively. Notably, in the absence of filling defect visualized on contrast CT, MRI, replacement of flow void was the surrogate marker for the ICVT. A high index of clinical suspicion, a thorough understanding of neurovascular anatomy, multiparametric, multiplanar MRI protocol is required to diagnose this rare entity. A serpiginous blooming structure within the subarachnoid space identifiable in less than two contiguous sections on SWI in the vicinity of haemorrhagic infarction should alert the clinician to the imaging possibility of ICVT. ER  - 
Emergency department visits and readmissions in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) at a safety net hospital$$$ Introduction: Readmissions and emergency department (ED) visits after an index admission have been become a quality measure due to associations with poor outcomes and increased healthcare costs. Readmissions and ED encounters have been studied in a variety of conditions including epilepsy but have not been examined exclusively in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). In this study we examined the rate of readmissions and ED visits after a discharge from an Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) in a safety net hospital. We also determined patient phenotypes that are associated with readmissions. Material and methods: This was a retrospective chart review study with index admission being a discharge from an EMU between January 1 and December 31 2016 with follow-up until August 31 2020. We obtained data regarding demographics, medical and psychiatric history, and social history and treatment interventions. Our outcome variables were both all-cause and seizure-related hospital readmissions and ED visits 30 days following the index discharge and readmissions and ED visits 30 days thereafter. Results: Eleven of 122 patients (9%) had a non-seizure-related ED visit and/or hospitalization within 30 days of index discharge while 45 (37%) had re-contact with the health system thereafter for non-seizure-related issues. Seven of 122 patients (6%) had a seizure-related ED visit or hospital readmission within 30 days of discharge. Twenty-eight (23%) had a seizure-related readmission or ED visit after 30 days. Of these 28, 4 patients had been to an ER within 7 days of EMU discharge. The majority of subsequent encounters with the healthcare system were through the ED (n = 38) as compared to hospital (n = 10) and EMU readmissions (n = 9). On bivariate statistical analysis, charity or self-pay insurance status (p < 0.01), homelessness (p < 0.01), emergent EMU admission on index admission (p < 0.01), history of a psychiatric diagnosis (p < 0.02), and ED encounters 12 months prior to admission (p < 0.01) were significantly associated with readmission; however, on multivariate analysis only charity insurance status was a significant predictor. Conclusions: In this study of readmissions and ED visits after discharge with a diagnosis of PNES at a safety net hospital, we found a seizure-related readmission rate of approximately 6% in 30 days and 23% thereafter with the majority of re-contact with the hospital being in the ED. On multi-variate analysis insurance status was a significant factor associated with readmission and ED visits. Our future research directions include examining referrals and treatment completion at the hospital's PNES clinic as well as creating a risk score to better identify patients with PNES at risk of readmission. ER  - 
Association between weight change and remission of type 2 diabetes: a retrospective cohort study in primary care$$$ The purpose of this study was to quantify the association between weight change and the likelihood of remission of type 2 diabetes in a population-based cohort without intensive interventions. We undertook a retrospective analysis of adults with type 2 diabetes registered across 150 primary care practices in Southern England, United Kingdom, within the electronic Care and Health Information Analytics (CHIA) database between 2013 and 2020. Stepwise mixed logistic models were constructed to examine the association between percentage weight change over five-years, and the likelihood of remission in the subsequent two years using four categories: weight gain ≥2.5%; weight loss ≤2.5–5% or ≥5–10% or ≥10%. The study cohort included 56,120 people with type 2 diabetes with a mean (SD) disease duration of 8.0 (6.7) years. In total, 17,035 (30.4%) had microvascular complications and 10,661 (19.0%) had macrovascular complications. A total of 19.4% (10,896) lost ≥10% of their baseline weight with 1646 (15.1%) of these achieving remission. Overall, those who lost ≥10% in weight had a significantly higher likelihood of remission in both unadjusted and adjusted models; RR 1.53 (95% CI 1.40–1.68); and RR 1.51 (95% CI 1.37–1.66), respectively. Remission was still achievable but less likely among younger men with a longer diabetes duration (≥5 years), higher baseline HbA1c level, or pre-existing microvascular or macrovascular complications. It was concluded weight loss of >10% is associated with remission of type 2 diabetes even among those with advanced disease and established microvascular or macrovascular complications. Our findings could motivate people with diabetes to lose weight in order to increase likelihood of remission. Copyright © 2021 John Wiley & Sons. ER  - 
A retrospective study on adverse drug reaction monitoring in a tertiary care hospital$$$ Adverse drug reactions (ADRs) are a major concern in clinical practice. Reporting of ADRs either through health care professionals or the patients themselves is of utmost importance to give an accurate estimate of the prevalence, severity and preventability of ADRs. Present study was conducted to evaluate the prevalence of adverse drug reactions in a tertiary care hospital in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. This was a retrospective observational study, extending over 3 months (December 2020 to February 2021). A total of 41 cases comprising patients of either sex or age group were studied. The data was collected using CDSCO ADR reporting form. A total of 41 ADRs were reported during the three months period of study. During the study period a total of 41 ADR reports were received from various departments of the hospital. We observed 25 ADRs in females and 16 ADRs in males from our study. Among the age groups, 3 ADRs in age group 0 – 19 Yrs., 28 ADRs were seen in age group 20 – 59 Yrs., and 10 ADRs were seen in age group >60 Yrs. Maximum number of ADRs came from General Medicine department 17 (41.46%). Drug therapy 41 (100%) and diseases 19 (46.34%) were the most prominent predisposing factors of ADRs seen in our hospital. Causality assessment of suspected drugs was assessed using Naranjo scale. According to Naranjo scale most of the reported ADRs were found to be probable 23 (56.9%) followed by possible 16 (39.02%) and definite 2 (4.8%). The severities of the reactions were done using Hart Wig Scale. Majority of the reactions were mild 25 (60.97%). Withdrawal of the drug 5 (12.19%) was the main line of the management of the adverse drug reactions in the present study. Majority of serious ADRs were preventable in our study. ADRs are a major cause of morbidity worldwide. Frequency of ADRs can be reduced by careful follow up and a robust hospital-based pharmacovigilance setup. A measure to improve detection and reporting of adverse drug reactions by all health care professional is recommended. ER  - 
Characterizing idiopathic intracranial hypertension socioeconomic disparities and clinical risk factors: A retrospective case-control study$$$ Introduction: Against the backdrop of the diverse minority-majority state of Hawaii, this study seeks to better characterize associations between idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) with sociodemographic variables and medical comorbidities. Methods: A retrospective case-control study was conducted by utilizing 54 IIH patients and 216 age-, sex-, and race-matched controls, 216 unmatched controls, and 63 age-, sex-, and race-matched migraine patients. Results: Relative to controls, IIH were 25 years younger (p < 0.0001) and 10.18 kg/m2 heavier (p < 0.0001), as well as exhibited greater odds of the following variables (p < 0.05): female (odds ratio [OR]: 8.87), the lowest income quartile (OR: 2.33), Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander (NHPI; OR: 2.23), Native American or Alaskan Native (OR: 16.50), obesity class 2 (35.0–39.9 kg/m2; OR: 4.10), obesity class 3 (> 40 kg/m2; OR: 6.10), recent weight gain (OR: 11.66), current smoker (OR: 2.48), hypertensive (OR: 3.08), and peripheral vascular disease (OR: 16.42). Odds of IIH were reduced (p < 0.05) for patients who were Asian (OR: 0.27) or students (OR: 0.30;). Unique from Whites, NHPI IIH patients exhibited greater odds (p < 0.05) for being from lower socioeconomic status and currently smoking, as well as potential association with seizures (p = 0.08). Compared to migraines, IIH headaches were at increased odds of occurring (p < 0.05) occipitally, for greater than 15 days per month, aggravated by postural changes, and comorbid with dizziness and tinnitus. Conclusions: These results not only better characterize IIH, but also highlight socioeconomic and racial disparities in diagnosis. ER  - 
Trend in age at first diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD): Analysis of the 2012- 2019 National Survey of Children's Health (NSCH) data$$$ Purpose: Early assessment/intervention of autistic children has been associated with better outcomes. This study investigates if there were changes in parent-reported prevalence of ASD, trend in age at first ASD diagnoses (AFAD), and differences in mean AFAD across different groups between 2012 and 2019. Methods: Data on 216,785 subjects was obtained from the National Survey of Children's Health data(2012-2019). We obtained overall and gender-stratified estimates for prevalence, mean and median age at first ASD diagnoses. Group means (race, gender, ethnicity, comorbidities, and diagnosing providers) were compared using t-tests and analyses of variance (ANOVA). The Mann-Kendall test was used to test for trend in mean AFAD. Result: There was significant decrease in parent-reported mean AFAD across the years examined (F(4,5331)=36.94, p<0.001) although Mann-Kendall test shows no significance. Mean AFAD were significantly higher for females than for males except in 2019 (9.65(±16.77)vs 7.52(±11.40), 5.54(±3.74)vs 4.97(±3.30), 5.95(±3.78)vs 4.89(±3.09), 6.21(±3.61)vs 5.07(±3.21), and 5.30(±3.34)vs 4.96(±3.24) years for 2012, 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019 respectively). Compared to sleep issues and epilepsy, kids with comorbid ADHD were diagnosed at a significantly higher age than those without the condition in all the years (mean difference (95%CI) = -1.70(-2.79-0.60), 1.65(1.27-2.04), 1.33(0.81-1.86), 1.66(1.21-2.12), and 1.86(1.43-2.29) for the respective years). Kids diagnosed by primary care providers (PCPs) were diagnosed at a significantly younger age than those diagnosed by specialists/others across the years. Conclusion: Significantly higher AFAD among children with ADHD compared to those without ADHD may indicate a delay in assessment/intervention for ASD in this population probably due to attribution of behavioral issues to their ADHD. Lower AFAD by PCPs compared to specialists/others point to the important role they play in early ASD assessment/intervention. ER  - 
Socioeconomic inequalities in prevalence and development of multimorbidity across adulthood: A longitudinal analysis of the MRC 1946 National Survey of Health and Development in the UK$$$ Background AU We:aimed Pleaseconfirmthatallheadinglevelsarerepresentedcorrectly to estimate multimorbidity trajectories and quantify : socioeconomic inequalities based on childhood and adulthood socioeconomic position (SEP) in the risks and rates of multimorbidity accumulation across adulthood. Methods and findings Participants from the UK 1946 National Survey of Health and Development (NSHD) birth cohort study who attended the age 36 years assessment in 1982 and any one of the followup assessments at ages 43, 53, 63, and 69 years (N = 3,723, 51% males). Information on 18 health conditions was based on a combination of self-report, biomarkers, health records, and prescribed medications. We estimated multimorbidity trajectories and delineated socioeconomic inequalities (based on childhood and adulthood social class and highest education) in multimorbidity at each age and in longitudinal trajectories. Multimorbidity increased with age (0.7 conditions at 36 years to 3.7 at 69 years). Multimorbidity accumulation was nonlinear, accelerating with age at the rate of 0.08 conditions/ year (95% CI 0.07 to 0.09, p < 0.001) at 36 to 43 years to 0.19 conditions/year (95% CI 0.18 to 0.20, p < 0.001) at 63 to 69 years. At all ages, the most socioeconomically disadvantaged had 1.2 to 1.4 times greater number of conditions on average compared to the most advantaged. The most disadvantaged by each socioeconomic indicator experienced an additional 0.39 conditions (childhood social class), 0.83 (adult social class), and 1.08 conditions (adult education) at age 69 years, independent of all other socioeconomic indicators. Adverse adulthood SEP was associated with more rapid accumulation of multimorbidity, resulting in 0.49 excess conditions in partly/unskilled compared to professional/intermediate individuals between 63 and 69 years. Disadvantaged childhood social class, independently of adulthood SEP, was associated with accelerated multimorbidity trajectories from age 53 years onwards. Study limitations include that the NSHD cohort is composed of individuals of white European heritage only, and findings may not be generalizable to the non-white British population of the same generation and did not account for other important dimensions of SEP such as income and wealth. Conclusions In this study, we found that socioeconomically disadvantaged individuals have earlier onset and more rapid accumulation of multimorbidity resulting in widening inequalities into old age, with independent contributions from both childhood and adulthood SEP. ER  - 
Safety profile of carbapenems: Data mining of the FDA adverse events reporting system$$$ Objective: To learn the safety profile of carbapenems and compare suspected adverse drug reactions (ADRs) among carbapenem classes by data mining the FDA adverse event reporting system (FAERS) database. Materials: This retrospective study described the general characteristics of adverse drug event (ADE) reports related to carbapenems in the FAERS during 2015 - 2018. Methods: The 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of proportional reporting ratio (PRR), the reporting odds ratio (ROR), and information component (IC) of Bayesian confidence propagation neural network (BCPNN) were calculated to identify potential safety signals. Results: A total number of 5,899 reports associated with carbapenems were submitted to the FAERS from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2018. The most frequently reported ADE associated with carbapenems was drug ineffective (10.51%). Serious ADEs and death associated with carbapenems were reported in 41.24 and 25.12%, respectively. Infections and infestations was the strongest signal detected in both meropenem and imipenem. Nervous system disorders and psychiatric disorders were strongly detected in ertapenem. Hepatobiliary disorders were common in doripenem patients. Conclusion: Carbapenem resistance is alarming in the United States, and carbapenem is more likely to be associated with serious and fatal ADEs among β-lactam antibiotics. Both differences and similarities exist in the safety profile among carbapenems classes. Close attention should be paid to patients with special disease when administrated carbapenems. ER  - 
Temporal relationship between osteoarthritis and comorbidities: A combined case control and cohort study in the UK primary care setting$$$ Objective: To determine the burden of comorbidities in OA and their temporal relationships in the UK. Methods: The Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD) GOLD was used to identify people with incident OA and age, gender and practice matched non-OA controls from UK primary care. Controls were assigned the same index date as matched cases (date of OA diagnosis). Associations between OA and 49 individual comorbidities and multimorbidities (two or more comorbidities excluding OA) both before and after OA diagnosis were estimated, adjusting for covariates, using odds ratios (aORs) and hazard ratios (aHRs), respectively. Results: During 1997-2017, we identified 221 807 incident OA cases and 221 807 matched controls. Of 49 comorbidities examined, 38 were associated with OA both prior to and following the diagnosis of OA and 2 (dementia and systemic lupus erythematosus) were associated with OA only following the diagnosis of OA. People with OA had a higher risk of developing heart failure [aHR 1.63 (95% CI 1.56, 1.71)], dementia [aHR 1.62 (95% CI 1.56, 1.68)], liver diseases [aHR 1.51 (95% CI 1.37, 1.67)], irritable bowel syndrome [aHR 1.51 (95% CI 1.45, 1.58)], gastrointestinal bleeding [aHR 1.49 (95% CI 1.39, 1.59)], 10 musculoskeletal conditions and 25 other conditions following OA diagnosis. The aOR for multimorbidity prior to the index date was 1.71 (95% CI 1.69, 1.74), whereas the aHR for multimorbidity after the index date was 1.29 (95% CI 1.28, 1.30). Conclusions: People with OA are more likely to have other chronic conditions both before and after the OA diagnosis. Further study on shared aetiology and causality of these associations is needed. ER  - 
Women health: Psychological and most prominent somatic problems in 3-year follow-up in Bosnian refugees$$$ BACKGROUND: Little is known about gender differences among people exposed to war related trauma. Aim of this study is to explore gender differences in health status and comorbidity of mental and physical disorders in a cohort of Bosnian refugees followed up for 3 years (1996-1999). METHODS: This longitudinal study included 534 subjects followed up for 3 years. The interviews were conducted in refugee camps in Varaždin, Croatia in Bosnian language. Data were collected using Harvard Trauma Questionnaire (Bosnian version) and Hopkins Checklist-25, respectively. Physical health disorders were self-reported. RESULTS: In both assessments there was a statistically significant difference between men and women in the number of physical health disorders, even when results were controlled for educational status. Although there was no difference in total number of symptoms in both assessments (F = 0.32; df = 1; p > 0.05 and F = 1.15; df = 1; p > 0.05), important physical health disorders were significantly more frequent among women than in men in different educational groups, namely high blood pressure and cardiovascular diseases, arthritis, and anaemia. Asthma, tuberculosis, cirrhosis of the liver, ulcer and epilepsy were more frequent in men than in women. There were no differences in frequencies of psychiatric disorders at baseline, but frequency of psychiatric disorders in women was higher at endpoint for uneducated respondents. There was significant difference compared to men in group of respondents without formal education, but only in comorbidity of PTSD and depression which was more often present in females (22.1%) than in males (3.6%). CONCLUSION: Our findings indicate the importance of gender and education on mental and physical health of people exposed to warrelated trauma. Long term health monitoring and programs, especially related to women's health are needed in order to avoid lasting consequences. ER  - 
A Supplemental Technique for Preoperative Evaluation of Giant Intracranial Aneurysm$$$ Background Preoperative planning mainly relies on digital subtraction angiography (DSA) and computed tomography angiography. However, neither technique can reveal thrombi in giant intracranial aneurysms (GIAs). In this study, we aimed to reconstruct the circulating and noncirculating parts of GIAs with the time-of-flight (TOF) and motion-sensitized driven-equilibrium (MSDE) sequences with 3D Slicer to reveal an integrated presentation of GIAs, compare its accuracy, and validate the usefulness for preoperative planning. Material and Methods Patients with GIAs who were treated with microsurgery in our department were included in this study. Both the TOF and MSDE sequence data for each patient were loaded into 3D Slicer for reconstruction and segmentation. The parameters measured by 3D Slicer were compared with those measured by DSA. Results The mean diameter for all GIAs was 28.7 ± 1.5 mm (range, 25.9-31.9 mm). The mean diameter for all GIAs measured by DSA and 3D Slicer was 24.46 ± 5.25 and 28.66 ± 1.48 mm, respectively (t = 4.948, p < 0.01). When only the nonthrombotic GIAs were included, the mean diameter measured by DSA and 3D Slicer was 28.69 ± 2.03 and 28.97 ± 1.79 mm, respectively (t = 1.023, p = 0.323). The mean aneurysmal volume was 8,292.6 ± 1,175.1 mm 3and the mean thrombotic volume was 3,590.0 ± 1,003.7 mm 3. Conclusion The MSDE sequence brings diagnostic benefits as a comparison to other MRI sequences. Reconstruction of GIAs with 3D Slicer is a low-cost, dependable, and useful supplemental technique for surgical planning. ER  - 
Evaluating the Relationship Between Depression and Cognitive Function Among Children and Adolescents with HIV in Zambia$$$ Depression is common among people living with HIV. Multiple studies demonstrate a link between depression and cognitive dysfunction in adults with HIV, but the association has been minimally investigated in children and adolescents with HIV in Africa. We conducted a cross-sectional analysis as part of the HIV-associated Neurocognitive Disorders in Zambia study, a prospective cohort study in Lusaka, Zambia. We included 208 perinatally-infected children with HIV ages 8-17 taking antiretroviral therapy and 208 HIV-exposed uninfected (HEU) controls. Cognition was assessed with a comprehensive neuropsychological battery. Depressive symptoms were evaluated using self-report and parent-report versions of the NIH Toolbox Sadness module and the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9). Risk factors for depression and associations between depressive symptoms and cognition were evaluated in bivariable and multivariable regression models. Participants with HIV demonstrated higher levels of depressive symptoms than controls (mean NIH Toolbox Sadness T-Score 50 vs. 44, p < 0.01; mean PHQ-9 score 2.0 vs. 1.5, p = 0.03), and were more likely to have cognitive impairment (30% vs. 13%, p < 0.001). Risk factors for depressed mood included self-reported poor health (OR 7.8, p < 0.001) and negative life events (OR 1.3, p = 0.004) Depressed mood was associated with cognitive impairment in participants with HIV (OR = 2.9, 95% CI 1.2-7.2, p = 0.02) but not in HEU participants (OR 1.7, 95% CI 0.18-15.7, p = 0.6). In conclusion, depressed mood is common among youth with HIV in Zambia, and is associated with cognitive impairment. Depression may be a result of HIV-related stress and stigma, or may be part of the spectrum of HIV-associated neurocognitive disorders. The causal relationship between depressed mood and cognitive impairment is unclear and should be evaluated in future longitudinal studies. ER  - 
Medication Use in the Management of Comorbidities among Individuals with Autism Spectrum Disorder from a Large Nationwide Insurance Database$$$ Importance: Although there is no pharmacological treatment for autism spectrum disorder (ASD) itself, behavioral and pharmacological therapies have been used to address its symptoms and common comorbidities. A better understanding of the medications used to manage comorbid conditions in this growing population is critical; however, most previous efforts have been limited in size, duration, and lack of broad representation. Objective: To use a nationally representative database to uncover trends in the prevalence of co-occurring conditions and medication use in the management of symptoms and comorbidities over time among US individuals with ASD. Design, Setting, and Participants: This retrospective, population-based cohort study mined a nationwide, managed health plan claims database containing more than 86 million unique members. Data from January 1, 2014, to December 31, 2019, were used to analyze prescription frequency and diagnoses of comorbidities. A total of 26722 individuals with ASD who had been prescribed at least 1 of 24 medications most commonly prescribed to treat ASD symptoms or comorbidities during the 6-year study period were included in the analysis. Exposures: Diagnosis codes for ASD based on International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, and International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision. Main Outcomes and Measures: Quantitative estimates of prescription frequency for the 24 most commonly prescribed medications among the study cohort and the most common comorbidities associated with each medication in this population. Results: Among the 26 722 individuals with ASD included in the analysis (77.7% male; mean [SD] age, 14.45 [9.40] years), polypharmacy was common, ranging from 28.6% to 31.5%. Individuals' prescription regimens changed frequently within medication classes, rather than between classes. The prescription frequency of a specific medication varied considerably, depending on the coexisting diagnosis of a given comorbidity. Of the 24 medications assessed, 15 were associated with at least a 15% prevalence of a mood disorder, and 11 were associated with at least a 15% prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. For patients taking antipsychotics, the 2 most common comorbidities were combined type attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (11.6%-17.8%) and anxiety disorder (13.1%-30.1%). Conclusions and Relevance: This study demonstrated considerable variability and transiency in the use of prescription medications by US clinicians to manage symptoms and comorbidities associated with ASD. These findings support the importance of early and ongoing surveillance of patients with ASD and co-occurring conditions and offer clinicians insight on the targeted therapies most commonly used to manage co-occurring conditions. Future research and policy efforts are critical to assess the extent to which pharmacological management of comorbidities affects quality of life and functioning in patients with ASD while continuing to optimize clinical guidelines, to ensure effective care for this growing population.. ER  - 
Evaluating the Safety of Continuous Infusion Lidocaine for Postoperative Pain$$$ Objectives: The aim was to evaluate the safety of intravenous lidocaine for postoperative pain and the impact on opioid requirements and pain scores Materials and Methods: This was a single-center, retrospective, single-arm analysis of adult patients who received intravenous lidocaine for postoperative pain from January 2016 to December 2019. Patients were excluded if they received lidocaine for any indication other than pain or if lidocaine was only given intraoperatively. The primary outcome of this analysis was to determine the incidence of adverse effects (AEs) and the reason for discontinuation of lidocaine. Secondary outcomes included median daily pain scores (visual analog scale and Critical-Care Pain Observation Tool) and opioid consumption (daily morphine milligram equivalents) 24 hours before infusion and during day 1. Results: A total of 452 patients were evaluated of which 298 (65.9%) patients met inclusion criteria. Of the 154 patients excluded, 153 did not receive lidocaine postoperatively. The median duration of infusion was 34 [20:48] hours with a median initial and maintenance rate of 1 mg/kg/h dosed on ideal body weight. In our analysis, 174 (58.4%) patients had a documented AE during infusion and 38 (12.8%) had lidocaine discontinued because of an AE. The most common AE was nausea in 62 (20.8%) patients and the most common reason for discontinuation was confusion in 8 (2.7%) patients. Daily morphine milligram equivalents (P<0.001) and visual analog scale (P<0.001) significantly decreased when comparing 24 hours before infusion and day 1. Conclusion: Although a majority of patients receiving lidocaine for postoperative pain experienced an AE, this did not result in discontinuation in most patients. ER  - 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and risk of Parkinson's Disease- 20 Years Follow-up real world data analysis$$$ Objective: Evaluate the impact of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) on the risk of Parkinson's Disease (PD) based on long follow-up real world data. Background: Traumatic events with subsequent PTSD were associated to PD in a few studies. Methods: Retrospective cohort analysis of the electronic-medical recordings second largest health plan in Israel, identified PTSD patients born before 1970 who met criteria of PTSD diagnosis given by a psychiatrist, psychologist, or neurologist; Patients were included if they had first PTSD diagnosis in 2000-2015 and prior to the diagnosis of PD. All eligible PTSD patients were matched to non-PTSD members 1:1, by age and sex. For PTSD cases, index date was defined as date of first PTSD diagnosis, and was given also to their non-PTSD control. Results: We identified 8336 PTSD patients, male - 51.6%. Mean age at PTSD diagnosis was 55.8 years (standard deviation [SD]=13.2). Mean age at first PD diagnosis was 76.2 years (SD=9.9). Overall, mean time to PD development was 19.7 years (95%confidence interval [CI]:19.7-19.8). As expected, compared to patients not developing PD, patients who developed PD (n=196) were older at index date (mean age:70.5 vs. 55.6), they were more likely to be male (61.7% vs. 51.5%), have cardiovascular-disease, diabetes, hypertension and depression and less likely to be smokers at index date (4.1% vs. 13.3%), p<0.05 for all comparisons. Additional unexpected risk factors were epilepsy and high percent of the Holocaust (21.9% vs. 8.7%). In a univariate analysis, PTSD patients had 1.45-fold (95%CI:1.09-1.9, p<0.001) risk for PD and 1.48-fold risk (95%CI:1.1-1.9, p=0.01) in multivariable analysis. After stratification for age at index date and sex, PTSD was shown to impact the risk for PD only in men, diagnosed with PTSD after the age of 65 years (Hazard Ratio=1.76, 95% CI:1.15-2.7, p=0.009) [Figure1]. Conclusions: Results of our 20 years' follow-up suggest that PTSD increase risk of PD in males that developed PTSD after age of 65. This finding adds additional group to the population at special risk for PD. In light of high and constantly growing prevalence of traumatic exposure worldwide, it can be important for design of disease modifying therapies and may be additional step towards personalized medicine in PD. Further studies are needed to evaluate the nature of the of PTSD-PD association. (Figure Presnted). ER  - 
Clinical Correlates of Functional Motor Disorders in childhood and adolescence: An emerging diagnostic and clinical challenge$$$ Objective: This retrospective study was aimed to better-characterized FMDs in a pediatric population: 1) describing FMDs clinical manifestations 2) analyzing clinical and demographic variables 3) analyzing the short-term outcome (one year). Background: Functional Neurological Disorders (FNDs) represent an emerging challenge also in childhood and adolescence neuropsychiatry. Literature on this topic is still spare for paediatric population. Clinical presentations are vaguely characterized and often misdiagnosed in younger ages. The main neurological features enrol Functional movement disorders (FMDs), Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and functional weakness. Methods: 35 FMDs children and adolescents were selected (30F: 5M; age range: 9-18 years old), referred as neurological inpatients of the urban academic neuropsychiatric department of Rome Umberto I Hospital, during a timeframe of 5 years. For each patient, FMDs diagnosis was obtained (DSM-5 criteria) by a neurological diagnostic workout. Results: Epidemiological results highlighted a FMDs mean age onset of 11,8 years with a prevalence in female (F:M=5:1). Clinical motor symptoms were characterized by hyperkinetic manifestations (60%) with a prevalence of combined pattern with other FNDs, as: PNES (40%), sensitive disorders (45%); weakness (30%) and generalized pain (65%). Traumatic Life Events and history of family illness were reported in the 65% and 85% of cases, respectively. The early diagnosis with a clinical workout of 2-3 months was related with a positive outcome in the 80% of patients. Conclusions: Hyperkinetic movements, presenting in combined pattern with further comorbid FNDs, were mainly reported in the pediatric population, while in adult FMDs were previously described as isolated motor symptoms. Traumatic Life events and a family history of illness seem to represent risk factors in the FMDs onset. An early diagnosis represents a clinical challenge to avoid a negative outcome. ER  - 
Immune-mediated movement disorders: Clinical manifestations, treatment, and evolution: A multicenter study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the clinical characteristics, etiologies, treatment, and evolution of patients with immune-mediated movement disorders (IMMD). Background: The highly variable and complex phenomenology of IMMD and the increasing number of related autoantibodies being described significantly hinder its diagnosis. At this moment, IMMD prevalence is unknown. Since these diseases are potentially treatable and can be associated with several occult neoplasms, early diagnosis may be crucial to modify its prognosis. Methods: We performed a multicenter, retrospective, and descriptive case series.Thirteen centers from Argentina participated (period analyzed: 2008-2020). Patients had to be ≥15 years-old. To be included, the movement disorder (MD)had to be associated with a potentially pathogenic antibody according to the literature,or occur in the context of a typical paraneoplastic syndrome with no identified antibody but associated with a cancer diagnosis in the previous five years, or present without antibodies or associated cancer but with an exceptional response to immunosuppressants (≥ 90%) and no other better explanation. Clinical syndromes were divided into hyperkinetic or hypokinetic. We assessed differences according to age (≤50 vs >50 years). Results: Thirty-nine patients were included (female:23). Mean age (SD): 51.5 (18.8); ≤50 years: 43.6%. Acute/subacute clinical presentation:67%. Hyperkinetic syndromes (79.6%) and generalized forms (69.2%) were more frequent. We found an association with cancer in 28.2%. Pathological brain MRI:30.8%, pathological CSF: 48.7%, positive autoantibodies: 53.8%, most frequent treatment: intravenous corticosteroids. Variation of the modified Rankin scale before and after treatment: p<0.01. Nine patients died (7 were>50 years). Hypokinetic syndromes: more frequent in >50 years, higher prevalence of cancer and relapse of the IMMD, greater delay in diagnosis; epilepsy and polyneuropathy were more frequent. Hyperkinetic syndromes: higher prevalence of pathological CSF and brain MRI. Conclusions: The diagnosis of an IMMD should be considered when symptoms present an acute or subacute onset, are associated with other neurological manifestations, autoimmune diseases and/or cancer, and with a pathological CSF. A substantial percentage of our sample presented positive autoantibodies. We observed a delay in the diagnosis of hypokinetic syndromes. Patients >50 years had a worse prognosis. ER  - 
Spectrum of Movement Disorders among Children with Subacute Sclerosing Panencephalitis (SSPE): A Cross-sectional Study$$$ Objective: We aimed to assess spectrum of movement disorders associated with pediatric SSPE. Background: Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPE) is a rare neurodegenerative disorder due to persistent mutant measles virus infection, affecting children and young adults. Although movement disorders are known to occur in SSPE, their spectrum is poorly described in literature. Methods: We conducted a single-center cross-sectional study and enrolled consecutive children (1 month-18 years) with SSPE who fulfilled modified Dyken criteria. We collected demographic, clinical and laboratory features and modified Rankin score (mRS) and Jabbour stage at presentation. All children were exhaustively examined for movement disorders. Results: We enrolled 30 children (20 males; 66.7%). Median age at presentation and onset was 5.4 (range: 2.5-14) years and 4.65 (1.5-14) years. Median duration of illness was 3 (0.3-36) months. Median mRS at presentation was 4 (2-5) and Jabbour staging 2 (1-3). Presenting complaints included myoclonus (n=28; 93.3%), cognitive issues (26; 86.7%), recurrent falls (12; 40%), seizures (10; 30%) and ataxia (5; 16.7%). Of these, 13 (43.3%) patients demonstrated movement disorders other than myoclonus. These included chorea/athetosis (4; 13.3%), tremor (3; 10%), parkinsonism (3; 10%), dystonia (2; 6.7%) and repetitive behaviors (2; 6.7%). There were no significant differences in terms of age at onset, sex, duration of illness or non-movement disorder clinical features among children with SSPE with and without movement disorders. Conclusions: Movement disorders are a common clinical feature among children with SSPE. This possibility must be considered among children presenting with movement disorders, especially in combination with myoclonus and cognitive impairment. ER  - 
I disease burden in patients with Huntington's disease from a nationwide Swedish registry compared with the general population (2002-2019)$$$ Background Given the rarity of Huntington's disease (HD), large cohort studies are warranted to better understand the clinical burden of disease in routine clinical practice. Aims To describe the incidence of clinical events in patients with HD compared with a matched cohort from the general population, and to describe differences between adult-and juvenile-onset HD. Methods This was a nationwide cohort study linking data from the Swedish National Patient Registry, Prescription Drug Registry, and Cause of Death Registry. Patients of all ages with a first diagnosis of HD (ICD-10: G10) from 2002-2018 were included and matched 1:4 (on age and sex) to a control cohort without HD. Incidence rate ratios (IRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) approximated the relative risk of clinical events occurring in patients with HD vs controls after first HD diagnosis. Incidence rates (IRs) of cases were compared in those aged < 20 years (juvenile-onset) or > 20 years (adult-onset) at first diagnosis. Results Overall, 1,492 patients with HD were matched to 5,946 controls. Median age at first diagnosis was 56 years (range: 0-96; 50% female; median follow-up: 8 years). Most outcomes were higher in patients with HD vs controls, with the greatest difference for (IRR [95%CI]): acute psychiatric episodes (14.4 [13.6-15.2]), subdural haematoma (7.5 [7.1-7.9]), communication and speech problems (6.4 [6.1-6.8]), depression (6 [5.7-6.4]), obsessive compulsive disorder (5.7 [5.4-6.0]) and anxiety disorders (4.4 [4.2-4.7]) (table 1). IRs for all studied clinical events were higher in adult-onset (N=1,447) vs juvenile-onset HD (N=45), except for epilepsy, asthma, gastrointestinal events, meningitis, and acute respiratory symptoms. Conclusions This nationwide study demonstrates considerable disease burden in HD compared with the general population. Juvenile-onset HD have higher incidence of some clinical events when compared with adult-onset HD. ER  - 
Neuroimaging of patients presenting with first episode psychosis: A two-year retrospective review$$$ Purpose: WA Diagnostic Imaging Pathways recommends patients presenting with a first episode psychosis undergo neuroimaging only if macroscopic intracranial pathology is suspected.1 MRI is recommended as the preferred imaging modality. This is in line with other international guidelines.2-5 The purpose of this work was to retrospectively review neuroimaging performed for all patients admitted with a first episode psychosis to our institution to assess clinical utility and compliance with this guideline. Methods and Materials: Patients admitted to our mental health unit with a diagnosis of first episode psychosis from 31st May 2017 to 31st May 2019 were identified via medical record search. Imaging request forms, studies and reports were obtained from the hospital's PACS system. The emergency department (ED) and admission notes were examined for further information regarding imaging indications. Image findings were classified into incidental (clinically nonsignificant), clinically relevant with a possible but unlikely causal link to psychosis and clinically relevant with a probable causal link to psychosis. Results: 91 (69%) of 132 patients received neuroimaging with 85 receiving CT imaging and only 15 undergoing MRI (9 patients received both). 58 of CT studies were ordered by the emergency department prior to formal psychiatric admission while 27 scans were ordered by the psychiatric treating team. Most MRIs were ordered by the psychiatric treating team. Most imaging requests listed only first episode psychosis as the clinical indication with no other obvious indication identifiable in ED or admission notes. Relevant indications included witnessed seizure activity, previous head injury, neurological signs, late onset schizophrenia and known malignancy. 58% of patients with a final discharge diagnosis of drug-induced psychosis (illicit substance or medication-induced) received neuroimaging compared with 74% for non drug-induced psychosis (e.g. schizophrenia spectrum). However, this difference was not statistically significant. The majority (75%) of imaging studies were normal and the majority of findings were incidental (e.g. cavum septum pellucidum and small arachnoid cysts). One study demonstrated clinically relevant findings deemed not relevant to psychosis (post traumatic encephalomalacia). Only one study demonstrated findings with a probable causal link to psychosis (findings consistent with Huntington's Disease). Conclusion: This work demonstrated neuroimaging is still used as a routine screening investigation for the majority of patients presenting with first episode psychosis. MRI is rarely performed in spite of the fact it is recommended as first line imaging where available. Diagnostic yield is low and more judicious use of imaging is encouraged in accordance with guidelines. ER  - 
Cannabidiol Treatment for Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Sturge-Weber Syndrome$$$ Objective: Sturge-Weber syndrome (SWS) is a neurovascular condition associated with epilepsy, cognitive impairments, mood problems, and hemiparesis. Cannabidiol (Epidiolex°) is used to treat medically refractory seizures in some complex epilepsy syndromes. This study aimed to study cognition, mood, and motor impairments after six months of treatment with cannabidiol in patients with SWS and controlled seizures. Methods: Ten patients with SWS brain involvement, controlled seizures, and cognitive impairments were enrolled in this Johns Hopkins IRB approved, open label prospective clinical drug trial. Results were analyzed for the first five subjects; full results available by September 2021. Subjects took oral cannabidiol (100 mg/mL) for six months (dose ranged from 5 mg/kg/day to 20 mg/kg/day). Psychiatric, neuropsychological, migraine, and motor assessments were administered at baseline and six months later. Quality of life, port-wine score, SWS neuroscore, and adverse events were recorded at each visit. Six-month follow-up evaluations were conducted virtually due to the COVID-19 pandemic state of emergency. Results: Cannabidiol was overall well tolerated; three subjects reported mild to moderate side effects considered related to study drug. A trend in social cognition improvement (p=0.097) was seen. Significant decreases in anxiety, specifically generalized anxiety (p=0.016), separation anxiety (p=0.020), and total anxiety (p=0.001; Figure 1) were demonstrated. Significant improvements in internalizing problems (p=0.038) were noted. Three subjects showed motor improvement on the ABILHAND-KIDS. A significant improvement in PEDI-CAT responsibility (p=0.018) was seen, and all five subjects showed improvement on the SWS neuroscore (p=0.031; Figure 2). Conclusions: Cannabidiol may be beneficial for anxiety, motor, and neurologic impairments in Sturge-Weber syndrome. ER  - 
Safety and Efficacy of High-Dose Vitamin B6 as an Adjunctive Treatment for Antipsychotic-Induced Hyperprolactinemia in Male Patients With Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia$$$ This study aimed to investigate the safety and efficacy of high-dose vitamin B6 (vB6) as an adjunct treatment for antipsychotic-induced hyperprolactinemia (AIHP) in male patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia (TRS). In this randomized double-blinded controlled study, patients were randomized (1:1) into a control group given aripiprazole (ARI; 10 mg/day; n = 100) or an intervention group given vB6 (300 mg/12 h for 16 weeks; n = 100). Prolactin levels, psychotic symptoms [Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS)], cognitive function [MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB)], liver function, kidney function, growth hormone level, micronutrient levels, blood lipids, and adverse secondary effects (ASEs)[Treatment Emergent Symptom Scale (TESS) and Barnes-Akathisia scale] were monitored. After a 16-week treatment period, the vB6 group showed a 68.1% reduction in serum prolactin levels (from 95.52 ± 6.30 μg/L to 30.43 ± 18.65 μg/L) while the ARI group showed only a 37.4% reduction (from 89.07 ± 3.59 μg/L to 55.78 ± 7.39 μg/L). During weeks 1–4, both treatments reduced prolactin similarly. Subsequently, the ARI effect plateaued, while the vB6 effect remained robust. The vB6 group showed better alleviation of psychotic symptoms and cognitive impairment. No serious ASEs were observed; ASEs were more frequent in the ARI group. AIHP reduction efficacy of vB6 was associated with baseline prolactin and triglyceride levels, total vB6 dosage, and education level. In conclusion, compared with the ARI group, TRS patients given vB6 showed better attenuation of AIHP, lower ASE scores, and greater improvements in clinical symptoms and cognitive impairments. These results support further consideration of vB6 as a putative treatment for AIHP. Trial Registration: ChiCTR1800014755. ER  - 
Medical care contact for infertility and related medication use during pregnancy – a european, cross-sectional web-based study$$$ Aims: The aim of the study was two-fold: i) to determine the prevalence of medical care contact for infertility in European countries; ii) to map overall and long-term/chronic medication use during pregnancy in women who sought medical care due to infertility. Methods: This is a sub-study of the Multinational Medication Use in Pregnancy Study, a cross-sectional, web-based study conducted from October 2011 to February 2012. We included 8097 participants from Europe who were pregnant or new mothers. We collected data on overall and long-term/chronic medication use, medical care seeking due to infertility, and whether women eventually conceived spontaneously or with the aid of infertility treatment. Results: Medical care contact for infertility was lower in Western Europe (prevalence estimate: 10.0-15.3%), compared with Northern (15.2-17.5%) or Eastern (17.4-20.9%), but Poland had the lowest estimate (8.0%). Overall, 660 (8.2%) women sought medical care due to infertility but conceived spontaneously; 548 (6.8%) conceived aided by fertility treatment, and 6889 (85.0%) women did not seek help. Use of any medication was comparable across the three groups (range 80.4-82.5%), but women seeking help for infertility (21.8-24.6%) took more often long-term/chronic medications than women who did not (14.8%). Conclusion: Medical care contacts for infertility varies greatly across European countries. Women who had medical contact due to infertility used more often chronic medications in pregnancy than women who did not, pointing to more co-morbidities and risk pregnancies. ER  - 
Influence of current and previous smoking on current phenotype in Parkinson's disease$$$ Introduction: Although an inverse correlation between smoking and Parkinson's disease (PD) has been reported, research into the effect of smoking on current clinical progression remains limited for PD patients. Elucidation of a specific PD population who would benefit from smoking is challenging. Methods: We evaluated 110 consecutive PD patients (mean age; 71.0 ± 8.0 years) at a single neurology clinic between 2010 and 2018. The association with smoking status was evaluated in sex- and age-matched controls (non-PD). This study assessed the impact of previous smoking exposure on the outcome of current PD-related parameters, along with any confounders, in addition to assessing fluctuation of parkinsonism induced by smoking exposure. Results: The current smoking rate was significantly lower in PD versus non-PD (5.5% vs. 15.5%, P = 0.026), while there were similar rates between former and never smokers. Among the former smokers, most PD patients (97.3%) quit smoking prior to the onset of PD. There were no differences between PD patients with and without a history of smoking for current clinical parameters. Three PD patients with the mean onset age of 51.0 ± 5.3 y reported transient deterioration of their parkinsonism when smoking. Negative mood during cigarette smoke exposure was significantly increased over the entire life in PD patients with a history of smoking than those without (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Although previous smoking history reportedly had a neuroprotective effect prior to onset, the association between the previous history and current phenotype in PD was not visible in the present study. However, the possibility that current nicotine intake might modify the parkinsonism deterioration will need to be further evaluated, especially in non-elderly patients. Cigarette smoke-related negative mood could be a confounder for quitting smoking in PD patients. ER  - 
Co-morbidity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder among children with seizure disorders at University of Gondar referral hospital Ethiopia (2016)$$$ Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a disorder in which a person is unable to control behavior due to difficulty in processing neural stimuli, accompanied by an extremely high level of motor activity. The prevalence is much higher ranging from 8 to 77% among children with seizure disorders than in the general population. When attention deficit hyperactivity disorder presents in children with seizure disorder, it makes the treatment complicated and the prognosis poor. Hence, understanding the magnitude of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and associated factors would be important to have a policy intention towards these people and to design appropriate interventions. Therefore, the current study was conducted to determine the comorbidity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and associated factors in children with seizure disorders. A hospital-based cross-sectional study was conducted by taking 260 children who have follow ups in the pediatric seizure clinic. The systematic random sampling technique was used to recruit participants. A structured, pretested and interviewer-administered questionnaire which included questions on associated factors and standard disruptive behavioral disorder rating scale was used to collect data. Data were coded, entered and cleaned by using the Epi-Data version 3.1 and exported to SPSS version 20 for further analysis. The multivariate binary logistic regression was used to check the association between independent and dependent variables. Variables with significant associations were identified based on adjusted odds ratio, with a 95% CI and p-value of < 0.05 will be considered as statistically significant. The prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder among epileptic children was found to be 115 (44.2%),with a confidence interval of (38.1-50.5),out of which only 3 (2.6%) were detected as having mental health problems by the clinician. The predominant subtype was inattentive type 96 (61.1%). Factors significantly associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder were male sex (AOR = 2.70 CI 1.46-4.97), family history of seizure disorder (AOR = 2.42 CI 1.26-4.65), family history of mental illnesses (AOR = 4.14 CI 1.76-9.68), sudden onset of the seizure (AOR = 2.37 CI 1.32-4.27), and uncontrolled seizure (AOR = 2.55 CI 1.41-4.61). Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder was common among children with seizure disorders in the study area. Male sex, sudden onsets of seizure, family history of seizure, and that of other psychiatric disorders as well as uncontrolled seizures were factors that increased the odds of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Therefore, interventions that would address such factors would help to overcome further complications. ER  - 
Pooled safety analysis of tisagenlecleucel in children and young adults with B cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia$$$ Background Tisagenlecleucel, an anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor T cell therapy, has demonstrated efficacy in children and young adults with relapsed/refractory B cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) in two multicenter phase 2 trials (ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02435849 (ELIANA) and NCT02228096 (ENSIGN)), leading to commercialization of tisagenlecleucel for the treatment of patients up to age 25 years with B-ALL that is refractory or in second or greater relapse. Methods A pooled analysis of 137 patients from these trials (ELIANA: n=79; ENSIGN: n=58) was performed to provide a comprehensive safety profile for tisagenlecleucel. Results Grade 3/4 tisagenlecleucel-related adverse events (AEs) were reported in 77% of patients. Specific AEs of interest that occurred ≤8 weeks postinfusion included cytokine-release syndrome (CRS; 79% (grade 4: 22%)), infections (42%; grade 3/4: 19%), prolonged (not resolved by day 28) cytopenias (40%; grade 3/4: 34%), neurologic events (36%; grade 3: 10%; no grade 4 events), and tumor lysis syndrome (4%; all grade 3). Treatment for CRS included tocilizumab (40%) and corticosteroids (23%). The frequency of neurologic events increased with CRS severity (p<0.001). Median time to resolution of grade 3/4 cytopenias to grade ≤2 was 2.0 (95% CI 1.87 to 2.23) months for neutropenia, 2.4 (95% CI 1.97 to 3.68) months for lymphopenia, 2.0 (95% CI 1.87 to 2.27) months for leukopenia, 1.9 (95% CI 1.74 to 2.10) months for thrombocytopenia, and 1.0 (95% CI 0.95 to 1.87) month for anemia. All patients who achieved complete remission (CR)/CR with incomplete hematologic recovery experienced B cell aplasia; however, as nearly all responders also received immunoglobulin replacement, few grade 3/4 infections occurred >1 year postinfusion. Conclusions This pooled analysis provides a detailed safety profile for tisagenlecleucel during the course of clinical trials, and AE management guidance, with a longer follow-up duration compared with previous reports. ER  - 
Psychiatric Disorders in Children and Adolescents With Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures$$$ ObjectiveKnowledge regarding psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) is limited. This study outlines the spectrum and risk of psychiatric disorders in childhood-onset PNES.MethodsWe performed a nationwide matched cohort study of children and adolescents with PNES 5 to 17 years of age at the time of diagnosis between January 1, 1996, and December 31, 2014. Two matched comparison groups were included: children and adolescents with epilepsy (ES) and children and adolescents without PNES or epilepsy, called healthy controls (HC). Outcomes were prevalent psychiatric disorders before index (i.e., date of diagnosis or corresponding date for HC) and incident psychiatric disorders 2 years after index. Relative risks (RRs) were calculated and adjusted for potential confounders.ResultsWe included 384 children and adolescents with validated PNES, 1,152 with ES, and 1,920 HC. Among the cases of PNES, 153 (39.8%) had prevalent psychiatric disorders and 150 (39.1%) had incident psychiatric disorders. Compared to the ES and HC groups, children and adolescents with PNES had elevated risks of both prevalent psychiatric disorders (adjusted RRPNES/ES 1.87, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.59-2.21, adjusted RRPNES/HC 5.54, 95% CI 4.50-6.81) and incident psychiatric disorders (adjusted RRPNES/ES 2.33, 95% CI 1.92-2.83, adjusted RRPNES/HC 8.37, 95% CI 6.31-11.11). A wide spectrum of specific psychiatric disorders displayed elevated RRs.ConclusionsChildren and adolescents with PNES are at higher risk of a wide range of psychiatric disorders compared to children and adolescents with ES and HC. A careful psychiatric evaluation is warranted to optimize and individualize treatment. ER  - 
Nonperiodic stimulation for the treatment of refractory epilepsy: Applications, mechanisms, and novel insights$$$ Electrical stimulation of the central nervous system is a promising alternative for the treatment of pharmacoresistant epilepsy. Successful clinical and experimental stimulation is most usually carried out as continuous trains of current or voltage pulses fired at rates of 100 Hz or above, since lower frequencies yield controversial results. On the other hand, stimulation frequency should be as low as possible, in order to maximize implant safety and battery efficiency. Moreover, the development of stimulation approaches has been largely empirical in general, while they should be engineered with the neurobiology of epilepsy in mind if a more robust, efficient, efficacious, and safe application is intended. In an attempt to reconcile evidence of therapeutic effect with the understanding of the underpinnings of epilepsy, our group has developed a nonstandard form of low-frequency stimulation with randomized interpulse intervals termed nonperiodic stimulation (NPS). The rationale was that an irregular temporal pattern would impair neural hypersynchronization, which is a hallmark of epilepsy. In this review, we start by briefly revisiting the literature on the molecular, cellular, and network level mechanisms of epileptic phenomena in order to highlight this often-overlooked emergent property of cardinal importance in the pathophysiology of the disease. We then review our own studies on the efficacy of NPS against acute and chronic experimental seizures and also on the anatomical and physiological mechanism of the method, paying special attention to the hypothesis that the lack of temporal regularity induces desynchronization. We also put forward a novel insight regarding the temporal structure of NPS that may better encompass the set of findings published by the group: the fact that intervals between stimulation pulses have a distribution that follows a power law and thus may induce natural-like activity that would compete with epileptiform discharge for the recruitment of networks. We end our discussion by mentioning ongoing research and future projects of our lab. ER  - 
Risk factors and pattern of weight gain in youths using antipsychotic drugs$$$ Antipsychotic-induced weight gain is a major health concern in children and adolescents. The aim of this study was to identify risk factors for weight gain during short-, middle- and long-term treatment with antipsychotic drugs in this young population. We analysed a combined prospective and a retrospective observational cohort of Dutch children and adolescents, starting with risperidone, aripiprazole or pipamperone treatment. Linear mixed models were used to test whether sex, age, baseline body-mass-index (BMI) z score, type of antipsychotic, dose equivalent/kg, duration of use, previous antipsychotic use, ethnicity, physical exercise, IQ, concomitant medication, and psychiatric classification predicted the BMI z score for a follow-up of < 15 weeks, 15–52 weeks or > 52 weeks. A total of 144 patients were included with a median [interquartile range ([IQR)] age of 9 (4) years and median follow-up of 30 (73) weeks. During the complete follow-up, the median (IQR) weight gain was 0.37 (0.95) BMI z score points. Antipsychotic-induced weight gain was found to be most pronounced during the first 15 weeks of use (BMI z score increase per week β = 0.02, 95% CI 0.01–0.03, p = 0.002). A higher baseline BMI z score and the absence of stimulant use were associated with a higher BMI z score during the entire follow-up and after 15 weeks, respectively. Previous treatment with an antipsychotic drug was associated with less weight gain during the first 15 weeks of treatment. Our findings underscore the importance of close patient monitoring during the first weeks of antipsychotic treatment with a focus on patients with a high baseline BMI z score. ER  - 
Buprenorphine exposures in adolescents and adults: a 10-year experience of a French Poison Control Center$$$ Buprenorphine has been used in pain and opioid addiction management for nearly 25 years. Compared to methadone, buprenorphine is thought to exhibit less side effects and respiratory depression in case of accidental or suicidal overdose. The aim was to describe the characteristics of exposures reported to a French Poison Control Center (PCC). We conducted a retrospective study including all buprenorphine exposures for which advice of our PCC was required between 2009 and 2018. After data extraction from the electronic medical files and anonymous transfer to an Access base, a statistical descriptive analysis was performed focusing on adolescents over 10 years old and adults. One hundred and ninety-nine cases were analyzed. The major circumstances of exposure were suicide attempts and overdoses in patients with previously identified substance abuse. Buprenorphine exposures have been reduced by 50% between 2009 and 2018. Coingestions, often with benzodiazepines or antidepressants, were almost systematic and 79% of all the series exhibited at least one symptom. Among the symptomatic cases, neurological effects were the most frequent (83%) and respiratory symptoms occurred in 13%. No deaths were registered. Severity did not exceed PSS1 in 80% of all the cases. Treatment was mainly symptomatic even though naloxone was required in at least 5% of the symptomatic cases. Within 24 h after exposure, 120 patients were discharged from the emergency department. Despite loss to follow-up, our results suggest that buprenorphine is relatively safe. ER  - 
Sleep and emotion processing in paediatric posttraumatic stress disorder: A pilot investigation$$$ Emotion processing abnormalities and sleep pathology are central to the phenomenology of paediatric posttraumatic stress disorder, and sleep disturbance has been linked to the development, maintenance and severity of the disorder. Given emerging evidence indicating a role for sleep in emotional brain function, it has been proposed that dysfunctional processing of emotional experiences during sleep may play a significant role in affective disorders, including posttraumatic stress disorder. Here we sought to examine the relationship between sleep and emotion processing in typically developing youth, and youth with a diagnosis of posttraumatic stress disorder. We use high-density electroencephalogram to compare baseline sleep with sleep following performance on a task designed to assess both memory for and reactivity to negative and neutral imagery in 10 youths with posttraumatic stress disorder, and 10 age- and sex-matched non-traumatized typically developing youths. Subjective ratings of arousal to negative imagery (ΔArousal = post-sleep minus pre-sleep arousal ratings) remain unchanged in youth with posttraumatic stress disorder following sleep (mean increase 0.15, CI −0.28 to +0.58), but decreased in TD youth (mean decrease −1.0, 95% CI −1.44 to −0.58). ΔArousal, or affective habituation, was negatively correlated with global change in slow-wave activity power (ρ = −0.58, p =.008). When considered topographically, the correlation between Δslow-wave activity power and affective habituation was most significant in a frontal cluster of 27 electrodes (Spearman, ρ = −0.51, p =.021). Our results highlight the importance of slow-wave sleep for adaptive emotional processing in youth, and have implications for symptom persistence in paediatric posttraumatic stress disorder. Impairments in slow-wave activity may represent a modifiable risk factor in paediatric posttraumatic stress disorder. ER  - 
Early Social Experience and Digital-Media Exposure in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder$$$ Objective: To study the early social experience and digital media exposure in children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in comparison with typically developed children. Methods: Details of digital-media exposure and early social experience in 65 children with ASD were compared with those in a control group of equal number of typically developed children, matched for age and gender. Prenatal and perinatal factors were also studied. The diagnosis of ASD was based on the International Clinical Epidemiology Network (INCLEN) diagnostic tool and Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th edition (DSM-5) diagnostic criteria. Variables which were biologically relevant and has a P value of < 0.05 in the univariate analysis were analyzed by logistic regression to obtain the adjusted effect measures. Results: Children with ASD were exposed to digital media at an earlier age and spent significantly more time with digital media and less time with their mothers, compared to typically developed children. Exposure to digital media before 21 mo was associated with risk of ASD and the risk increased when mothers spent less than 6.5 h per day with the baby. Family history of epilepsy and developmental delay, maternal stress during the antenatal period, and absence of exclusive breastfeeding during the first 6 mo were significantly more in children with ASD. Conclusion: There are significant differences in the early life social experience and digital-media exposure in children with ASD compared to typically developed counterparts. Given the reported rise in prevalence of ASD, these findings stress the need for further prospective studies to explore these potentially modifiable risk factors. ER  - 
Failure to eradicate Helicobacter pylori infection is more frequent among HIV-positive patients$$$ Objectives: Helicobacter pylori is a worldwide infection, but little is known about the efficacy of treatment for H. pylori infection in HIV-positive patients. The goal of this work was to evaluate outcomes after first-line H. pylori treatment and identify risk factors for failure in HIV-positive patients. Methods: This registry study of unmatched H. pylori-infected HIV-positive patients and HIV-negative obese pre-bariatric surgery controls was performed in a tertiary university hospital. Cases were enrolled from 2006 to 2017, controls from 2007 to 2014, and both received standard of care. An additional ‘optimal’ subgroup of cases was enrolled prospectively from 2017 to 2019 which was treated only on the basis of antibiogram, drug interaction search and additional support by one referent physician. Helicobacter pylori eradication failure rates were compared according to clinical, microbiological and pathological parameters and treatment. Results: We analysed 258 HIV-positive patients and 204 HIV-negative control patients. Helicobacter pylori eradication failure rates were markedly greater in cases (24.1%) than in controls (8.8%). The proportions of levofloxacin and metronidazole resistance were greater in cases than in controls (P < 0.05). Among cases treated with H. pylori triple therapy (S3T), the ‘optimal’ subgroup experienced a 9.5% failure rate vs. 28.6% with other strategies (P = 0.01). Risk factors for failure were H. pylori treatment strategy, exposure to antiretroviral treatment, and alcohol status. Overall, positive HIV status was a risk factor for S3T eradication failure. Conclusions: Patients co-infected with H. pylori and HIV frequently failed to eradicate H. pylori and this was related to treatment strategy, antiretroviral exposure and lifestyle. ER  - 
Temozolomide with irinotecan versus temozolomide, irinotecan plus bevacizumab for recurrent medulloblastoma of childhood: Report of a COG randomized Phase II screening trial$$$ Background: Approximately 30% of children with medulloblastoma (MB) experience recurrence, which is usually incurable. This study compared the overall survival (OS) of patients receiving temozolomide (TMZ) and irinotecan with that of patients receiving TMZ, irinotecan, and bevacizumab for recurrent MB/central nervous system (CNS) primitive neuroectodermal tumor (PNET). Methods: Patients with relapsed/refractory MB or CNS PNET were randomly assigned to receive TMZ (150 mg/m2/day PO on days 1–5) and irinotecan (50 mg/m2/day IV on days 1–5) with or without bevacizumab (10 mg/kg IV on days 1 and 15). Results: One hundred five patients were eligible and treated on study. Median OS was 13 months in the standard arm and 19 months with the addition of bevacizumab; median event-free survival (EFS) was 6 months in the standard arm and 9 months with the addition of bevacizumab. The hazard ratio for death from the stratified relative-risk regression model is 0.63. Overall, 23 patients completed 12 courses of planned protocol therapy, 23% (12/52) in the experimental arm with bevacizumab versus 21% (11/53) in the standard arm. Toxicity profiles were comparable in both treatment arms. The estimate of the incidence of feasibility events associated with the bevacizumab arm is three of 52 (5.8%) (95% CI 1.2–16%). Events included myelosuppression, electrolyte abnormalities, diarrhea, and elevated transaminases. One intracranial hemorrhage event was observed in each arm. Conclusion: The addition of bevacizumab to TMZ/irinotecan significantly reduced the risk of death in children with recurrent MB. The combination was relatively well tolerated in this heavily pretreated cohort. The three-drug regimen demonstrated a sufficient risk reduction to warrant further investigation. ER  - 
Clinical variables that help in predicting the presence of autoantibodies in patients with acute encephalitis$$$ Objective: To identify clinical variables that could predict the presence of autoantibodies in patients with acute encephalitis. Methods: An observational, retrospective study from May 2011 to May 2017. Clinical, EEG, brain MRI data, and antibodies against human neuronal antigens (NMDAR, GABAR, AMPAR, LGI1, CASPR2, and GAD) from 158 patients with criteria for possible autoimmune encephalitis were analyzed to create a predictive model for this disease. Results: We analyzed 158 samples, of which 18 cases were positive for anti-NMDAR, 2 for anti-LGI1, and 2 for anti-GAD. Seven of the 18 positive NMDAR patients were children, and 12 were female. Behavioral disorder, epileptic seizures, movement disorder, and altered level of consciousness were the frequent symptoms with >75 % sensitivity in positive anti-NMDAR patients. Other symptoms, such as language disorder, psychosis, hypoventilation, altered wake and sleep cycle, and cognitive impairment, had a sensitivity >55 %. Abnormal EEG findings had a high sensitivity (99.4 %). Brain MRI suggestive of encephalitis was observed in 7 of the positive cases for NMDAR. Abnormal CSF findings were reported in 12 patients positive for this receptor (sensitivity 70.6 %). With 7 of these symptoms, we obtained a sensitivity of 70 % and specificity of 81 % for the presence of anti-NMDAR antibodies (ROC Area 82 %). However, to predict that a patient with subacute encephalitis may have an autoimmune cause, the patient should include clinical manifestations such as movement disorder, behavioral disorder, hypoventilation, dysautonomia, and alteration of the wake and sleep cycle. Children were significantly more likely than adults with autoimmune encephalitis to experience chorea and status epilepticus (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Anti-NMDAR encephalitis was more frequent in females and children. The repertoire of autoimmune encephalitis in children is different from adults. The presence of subacute behavioral changes, epileptic seizures, movement disorders, altered consciousness, hypoventilation, dysautonomia, and altered wake and sleep cycle predicted autoimmune encephalitis in our series. ER  - 
SPECT activation patterns in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in temporal lobe epilepsy patients$$$ Introduction: The diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) can often be challenging. When video-electroencephalography (EEG) is not conclusive, single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) can be useful by quantifying changes in regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF). Methods: We conducted a retrospective case-control study in adult patients with pharmacoresistant temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Those patients with an ictal SPECT obtained during an event finally diagnosed as PNES were included as cases (PNES+). The control group consisted of patients with TLE without PNES (PNES-). Clinical episodes were analysed and classified according to PNES subtypes. Subtraction ictal SPECT coregistered to MRI (SISCOM) analysis was performed for the detection of areas with significant changes in perfusion compared to individual interictal studies. Group comparisons in SPM12 included paired t-tests of ictal vs. interictal studies in each group of temporal lobe seizures and PNES events. Results: Ten patients with TLE and PNES were included. We found no patterns of regional hyperperfusion typical of TLE seizures during the PNES events. In two of these cases, an ictal SPECT during a confirmed epileptic seizure was also obtained, showing antero-mesial temporal lobe hyperperfusion. Group comparisons between ictal and interictal SPECTs showed increased rCBF in the temporal lobe with reduced perfusion in the default mode network areas and cerebellum during temporal lobe seizures in PNES- patients and decreased perfusion restricted to the posterior parietal cortex without significant rCBF increases in PNES events. Conclusions: Ictal SPECT can be a helpful tool to characterize rCBF changes in PNES and for differential diagnosis with seizures in TLE patients. ER  - 
Outcome of Hospitalized Parkinson's Disease Patients with and without COVID-19$$$ Background: The Parkinson's disease (PD) patient population, with an already reduced life expectancy, is rendered particularly vulnerable by the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Objectives: We determined the risk factors that increase the risk of death in patients with Parkinson's disease who are infected by SARS-CoV-2. Methods: Patients with a diagnosis of PD admitted to Montefiore Hospital (Bronx, New York) and tested for SARS-CoV-2 were identified. Retrospective review of electronic medical records confirmed the diagnosis; patients were classified by severity of PD. PD severity, demographic, socioeconomic factors, and co-morbidities were correlated with mortality rates in patients with SARS-CoV-2. Results: We identified 162 patients meeting criteria; chart review confirmed a diagnosis of PD in 70 patients. Of the 70 patients, 53 were positive for SARS-CoV-2 and 17 were negative. PD patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection had a higher mortality rate (35.8%) compared to PD patients without the infection (5.9%, P = 0.028). PD patients older than 70 years of age, those with advanced Parkinson's disease, those with reductions in their medications, and non-Hispanics (largely comprised of Black/African- Americans) had a statistically significant higher mortality rate, if infected. Conclusions: PD did not increase mortality rates from SARS-CoV-2 infection when age was controlled. However, certain unalterable factors (advanced disease and age greater than 70 years) and alterable ones (reductions in PD medications) placed PD patients at increased risk for mortality. Also several socioeconomic factors contributed to mortality, for example, non-Hispanic patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection fared worse, likely driven by poorer outcomes in the Black/African-American cohort. ER  - 
Risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in Japanese systemic lupus erythematosus patients with prior severe organ manifestations: A single-center retrospective analysis$$$ Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) increases the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). Nevertheless, most of the data on SLE pregnancies were derived from database studies in which details of the pregnancies were unavailable, and no consensus exists on the risk of APO in patients with prior severe organ manifestations. Methods: SLE patients followed by rheumatologists and gynecologists throughout pregnancy at our institute were retrospectively identified, and their data between April 2003 and December 2020 were reviewed from electronic records. We assigned patients based on the presence of prior severe organ manifestation (renal/neurological manifestation, prior treatment with methylprednisolone pulse therapy/prednisolone 1 mg/kg/day/biological or cytotoxic therapy) and compared the incidence of overall and serious APO (maternal death, pregnancy loss, preterm birth <32 weeks, birthweight <1500 g, Apgar score <7 at 5 min and birth defect). Results: This study included 34 pregnancies in 32 patients; 23 pregnancies in 22 patients were classified as SLE with prior severe organ manifestation. There was no statistical difference in the incidence of overall APO between the two groups (52.2% vs 45.5%, P = 1). Among patients with prior severe organ manifestation, 17.4% had serious APO. A detailed electronic health record search revealed specific causes of APO in all pregnancies with serious APO, except the presence of prior severe organ manifestation. Conclusion: The incidence of overall APO in SLE patients was not affected by prior severe organ manifestation. Although the incidence of serious APOs increased in patients with previous severe organ manifestation, there were other risk factors for poor pregnancy outcomes besides prior lupus severity. Therefore, proper management by rheumatologists and gynecologists may enable patients with prior severe organ manifestation to safely deliver healthy babies. ER  - 
Pretreatment qEEG biomarkers for predicting pharmacological treatment outcome in major depressive disorder: Independent validation from the NeuroPharm study$$$ Several electroencephalogram (EEG) biomarkers for prediction of drug response in major depressive disorder (MDD) have been proposed, but validations in larger independent datasets are missing. In the current study, we investigated the prognostic value of previously suggested EEG biomarkers. We gathered data that matched prior studies in terms of EEG methodology, clinical criteria for MDD, and statistical approach as closely as possible. The NeuroPharm study is a non-randomized and open label prospective clinical trial. One hundred antidepressant free patients with MDD were enrolled in the study and 79 (57 female) were included in the per-protocol analysis. The biomarkers candidates for cross-validation were derived from prior studies such as iSPOT-D and EMBARC and include frontal and occipital alpha power and asymmetry and delta and theta activity at anterior cingulate cortex (ACC). The alpha asymmetry, reported in two out of six prior studies, could be partially validated. We found that in female patients, larger right than left frontal alpha power prior to drug treatment was associated with better clinical outcome 8 weeks later. Moreover, female non-responder had higher central left alpha power relative to the right. In contrast to prior reports, we found that lower theta activity at ACC was present in remitters and was associated with greater improvement at week 8. We provide evidence that in women with MDD, alpha asymmetry seems to be the most promising EEG biomarker for prediction of treatment response. Registration number: NCT02869035. ER  - 
Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on characteristics of functional (psychogenic) seizures$$$ Objective: We investigated whether the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the clinical characteristics of patients with functional seizure (FS) (at the time of diagnosis). Methods: In a retrospective study of a prospectively developed and maintained database, all patients diagnosed with FS before and during the COVID-19 pandemic were studied at the outpatient epilepsy clinic at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz, Iran, from December 2008 until February 2021. Results: Three hundred and eighty-eight patients were studied. Three hundred and sixty-four patients (94%) were diagnosed before and 24 persons (6%) during the pandemic. Patients diagnosed during the COVID-19 pandemic less frequently had generalized motor seizures [odds ratio (OR): 0.30, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.12–0.77; p = 0.012] and had higher seizure frequencies (OR: 1.00, 95% CI: 1.00–1.01; p = 0.044). Functional seizures were inversely associated with the education level as a trend during the COVID-19 pandemic (OR: 0.36, 95% CI: 0.13–1.01; p = 0.052). Conclusion: The COVID-19 pandemic has affected the characteristics of patients with FS (at the time of diagnosis). Larger and multi-center studies are needed to investigate the links and associations between the COVID-19 pandemic and characteristics of FS. ER  - 
Examining the patient and caregiver experience with diazepam nasal spray for seizure clusters: Results from an exit survey of a phase 3, open-label, repeat-dose safety study$$$ Background: Ideal rescue treatments for acute treatment of seizure clusters should be easy to administer, so it is important to assess user perceptions of these treatments. Diazepam nasal spray is designed to have a rapid, noninvasive, and socially acceptable route of administration. Patient and caregiver (including care partner) responses to surveys from a phase 3 safety study of diazepam nasal spray are reported. Methods: The study enrolled patients aged 6–65 years with seizure clusters. Surveys distributed to patients and caregivers at study end, completion, or discontinuation collected data on comfort using diazepam nasal spray outside the home, timing of administration and return to their usual selves, and comfort of use compared with rectal diazepam. Safety was assessed. Results: Of 175 patients enrolled at the October 31, 2019, interim cutoff, 158 received diazepam nasal spray. Sixty-seven (42.4%) patients and 84 (53.2%) caregivers responded to the surveys (including 35 matched pairs). Most patients (78.8%, 52/66) responded that they were very comfortable doing activities outside the home with diazepam nasal spray available; 59.4% of patients returned to their usual selves within an hour of administration. Twenty-seven (40.3%) of these patients reported self-administration, 48% doing so at the first sign of a seizure. Administration of diazepam nasal spray was rated extremely or very easy by 93.8% of caregivers. Safety profile was consistent with diazepam rectal gel; no patient discontinued owing to treatment-emergent adverse events. Nasal discomfort was typically mild and transient. Among patients who had used diazepam rectal gel, most were not at all comfortable using it outside the home (86.7%) or at home (64.5%) compared with diazepam nasal spray, whereas caregivers reported that diazepam rectal gel was not at all easy to use compared with diazepam nasal spray. Conclusions: This survey from the phase 3 safety study of diazepam nasal spray shows that patients and caregivers were satisfied with, and more comfortable using, diazepam nasal spray than rectal diazepam in public. NCT02721069. ER  - 
Improved everyday executive functioning following profound reduction in seizure frequency with fenfluramine: Analysis from a phase 3 long-term extension study in children/young adults with Dravet syndrome$$$ Objective: Individuals with Dravet syndrome (DS) experience frequent pharmacoresistant seizures beginning in infancy. Most exhibit poor neurodevelopmental outcomes including motor function difficulties, behavior problems, and cognitive impairment. Cognitive deficits in children with DS have been associated with seizure frequency and antiseizure medication (ASM) use. Recent research in children and young adults with DS has begun to examine the role of executive functions (EFs), as these include higher-order cognitive functions and may mediate the relationship between risk factors and cognitive impairment. Current conceptualizations, however, of EFs involve the broader self-regulation of cognitive, behavioral, and emotional domains. We explored relationships between reduction in convulsive seizure frequency and everyday EFs in a subset of children and young adults with DS treated with adjunctive fenfluramine for 1 year. Methods: This is a post-hoc analysis of data from children and young adults with Dravet syndrome aged 5–18 years who participated in a phase 3 randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial (core study) followed by completion of at least 1 year of fenfluramine treatment in an open-label extension (OLE) study. Eligible children and young adults started the OLE study at 0.2 mg/kg/day fenfluramine and were titrated to optimal seizure control and tolerability (maximum daily dose: 26 mg/day). Parents/caregivers documented convulsive seizure frequency per 28 days (i.e., monthly convulsive seizure frequency [MCSF]) by electronic diary. A parent/caregiver for each child also completed the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF®) parent form, a questionnaire capturing parents’/caregivers’ perceptions of everyday EF that was included as a safety measure to assess treatment-related adverse effects on EF during the trial. Ratings on BRIEF® were mapped to the current edition, the BRIEF®2 parent form, and were used to calculate T-scores for the Behavior Regulation Index (BRI), Emotion Regulation Index (ERI), Cognitive Regulation Index (CRI), and Global Executive Composite (GEC). Change in BRIEF®2 T-scores from baseline in the core study to Year 1 of the OLE study was calculated. Spearman's rho correlation coefficients assessed associations between change in BRIEF®2 indexes/composite T-scores and percentage change in MCSF. Children and young adults were divided into 2 groups based on percentage of MCSF reduction achieved from pre-randomization baseline in the core study to Year 1 of the OLE study: <50% and ≥50% MCSF reduction. Changes in the distribution of BRIEF®2 indexes/composite T-scores were compared between MCSF reduction groups using Mann-Whitney U tests. The proportions of children and young adults in these groups who showed clinically meaningful improvement in everyday EF, defined as Reliable Change Index (RCI) values ≥95% certainty relative to a reference population of neurotypically developing healthy volunteers, were then assessed by cross-tabulations and Somers’ D tests (p ≤ 0.05). When there was a significant meaningful improvement in an index score, post-hoc analyses using the same statistical methods were conducted to evaluate the individual BRIEF®2 scales composing that index. Supplemental analyses examined the proportions of patients in MCSF reduction groups <25% and ≥75% who achieved clinically meaningful improvement or worsening in everyday EF using RCI values ≥95% certainty and ≥80% certainty, respectively, relative to the reference population. Results: At the time of analysis, 58 children and young adults (mean age: 11 ± 4 years) had reached OLE Year 1 of fenfluramine treatment with a 75% median percentage reduction in seizure frequency from pre-randomization baseline. Overall, there was a significant correlation between change in MCSF and change in BRIEF®2 T-scores for ERI (p = 0.008), but not for BRI, CRI, or GEC (p > 0.05). At OLE Year 1, 78% (n = 45) of total children/young adults had ≥50% MCSF reduction (50% [n = 29] achieved ≥75% MCSF reduction) and 22% (n = 13) of total children/young adults had <50% MCSF reduction (12% [n = 7] showed <25% MCSF reduction). The ≥50% MCSF reduction group was significantly more likely to achieve clinically meaningful improvement (RCI ≥ 95% certainty) in ERI (p = 0.002) and in CRI (p = 0.001) than the <50% MCSF reduction group. There were no significant differences in the proportions of children and young adults in the 2 MCSF reduction groups showing clinically meaningful worsening (RCI ≥ 80% certainty) on the BRIEF®2 indexes/composite. Significance: In children and young adults with DS, the magnitude of reduction in MCSF after long-term treatment with adjunctive fenfluramine was associated with clinically meaningful levels of improvement in everyday EF. Seventy-eight percent (78%) of children and young adults treated with adjunctive fenfluramine for 1 year in the OLE study achieved ≥50% reduction in MCSF, for a magnitude of efficacy associated with a significantly greater likelihood of experiencing clinically meaningful improvement in emotion regulation and cognitive regulation. ER  - 
Neurocognitive disorders amongst patients with congenital heart disease undergoing procedures in childhood$$$ Background: Amongst children with congenital heart disease (CHD), earlier age of repair improves cardiovascular outcomes. The effects of early intervention on neurodevelopment remains unclear. We assessed the association between early life repair, cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) and the incidence of neurocognitive disorders (NCD) amongst CHD patients. Methods: We created two retrospective cohorts from the Quebec CHD Database; with data from 1988 to 2010. Complexity of reparative procedures for CHD lesions were used as the proxy of CPB exposure with more complex procedure means longer exposure to CPB. Study Population 1 included pediatric patients with a single reparative procedure and compared patients with complex (long CBP) versus isolated shunt (short CBP) lesions. To assess the effects of CPB alone in Study Population 2 we compared patients with isolated atrial septal defects (ASD) who had surgical (short CBP) versus percutaneous (no CBP) repairs. The primary endpoint for both cohorts was development of an NCD. Results: In Study population 1, 1174 patients underwent complex surgical repair and 1620 had a shunt closure. The incidence of NCDs was 2.45/100 person-years in the complex surgery group, and 2.08/100 person-years in the shunt closure group. The following were associated with increased risk of developing a NCD: surgical complexity (Hazard Ratio [HR] = 1.20, 95% Confidence Interval [CI]: 1.01–1.42), younger age at intervention (AAI) (HR = 1.20, 95% CI: 1.16–1.25), male sex (HR = 1.91, 95% CI: 1.61–2.27), and later calendar year at intervention (HR = 1.06, 95% CI: 1.04–1.07). Study population 2 had 527 isolated ASD patients; 202 underwent surgical repair and 325 had percutaneous closure. The incidence of NCDs was not statistically different between groups. Male sex (HR = 1.77, 95% CI: 1.08–2.89) and younger AAI (HR = 1.15, 95% CI: 1.06–1.25) were associated with increased NCD risk. Conclusion: Increased surgical complexity, male sex and younger AAI were associated with increased risk of NCDs in pediatric CHD patients. Surveillance protocols should be considered to identify NCDs in CHD patients after cardiac intervention. ER  - 
Preparing for Puberty in Girls With Special Needs: A Cohort Study of Caregiver Concerns and Patient Outcomes$$$ Study Objective: To characterize the patient population with cognitive or physical impairments that presents for anticipatory guidance of puberty, evaluate caregiver concerns with respect to puberty, and describe chosen management strategies and outcomes following menarche. Design: Retrospective cohort study Setting: Academic tertiary care women and children's hospital Participants: Eligible female patients with special needs up to age 26 years presenting for anticipatory guidance from 2009 to 2018 Main Outcome Measures: Primary outcomes included characterization of patients presenting for anticipatory guidance and their reasons for menstrual management. Secondary outcomes were satisfaction with menstrual management and bleeding patterns. Results: A total of 61 patients presented for anticipatory guidance of puberty, on average 13.5 months prior to menarche. Compared to the overall adolescent population with special needs who presented for gynecologic care, patients who had autism spectrum disorder (ASD), were nonverbal, or had attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD) were more likely to present for a pre-menarchal visit to discuss anticipated pubertal development (P < .001, P = .009, and P = .04, respectively). More than half of families described potential behavioral changes as their main concern. The majority of post-menarchal patients (80%) desired hormonal management of menses, including 30% of patients who had placement of a levonorgestrel intrauterine device. In all, 96% of patients were satisfied with their final menstrual bleeding pattern; 50% achieved amenorrhea or light spotting. Conclusions: This study describes the important role of pre-menarchal reproductive counseling for girls with disabilities. Anticipation of puberty causes great anxiety in families and patients, especially those with ASD, ADD/ADHD, and non-verbal status. Providers should consider initiating these conversations early in pubertal development. ER  - 
The electroclinical features and surgical outcomes of inferior perisylvian epilepsy$$$ Objective: To summarize the clinical and electrophysiological observations of epilepsy originating from the inferior perisylvian cortex, and analyze the potential epileptic networks underlying the semiological manifestations. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed patients with refractory inferior perisylvian epilepsy (IPE) who had undergone resective surgery, and then reviewed the demographic, clinical, neuroelectrophysiological, neuroimaging, surgical, histopathological, and follow-up data of the patients from the respective medical records. The selected patients were then categorized in accordance with the results of semiological analysis. Quantitative 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) analysis was performed to investigate the underlying neural network. Results: Of the 18 IPE patients assessed in this study, ipsilateral frontotemporal epileptic discharges or its onsets were the dominant interictal or ictal scalp EEG observations. In addition, oroalimentary or manual automatism was the most frequently documented manifestation, followed by facial tonic or clonic movements. Moreover, the semiological analysis identified and classified the patients into 2 patterns, and the PET statistical analyses conducted on these 2 groups revealed differences in the neural network between them. Conclusion: Inferior perisylvian epilepsy possesses semiological manifestations similar to those of mesial temporal lobe epilepsy or rolandic opercular epilepsy, hence these conditions should be carefully differentiated. Performing lesionectomy or cortectomy, sparing the mesial temporal structures, was found to be an effective and safe treatment modality for IPE. ER  - 
Effect of meteorological factors and lunar phases on occurrence of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) lack the abnormal electrographical discharges in electroencephalogram seen in epileptic seizures. The notion of the effects of meteorological factors and lunar phases on occurrence of seizures in patients with PNES has been the subject of very few research studies and the available evidence in the literature is equivocal. In this study, we aimed to study the influence of lunar phases and meteorological factors on the frequency of PNES and its semiological categories. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of patients discharged with a diagnosis of PNES from our epilepsy monitoring unit in a 3-year period. The 119 patients who met the inclusion criteria were categorized into hypermotor, hypomotor, or intact sensorium based on semiology of their seizures. The occurrence of PNES, in total and in each semiological category, was correlated with the daily average temperature, atmospheric pressure, and the 4 lunar phases. Results: There were 31.8% and 11.1% more-than-expected captured seizures when the average daily atmospheric pressure was lower or higher, respectively, of what is generally considered a comfortable atmospheric pressure. No consistent relation was found between the full moon phases and occurrence of PNES. Conclusion: A significant association between atmospheric pressure and the occurrence of nonepileptic seizures was found, whereas no consistent increase in PNES was observed during the full moon phases. There is still an open debate about the effect of the lunar phases on human behavior and neurological disorders such as PNES. ER  - 
A survey on doctors’ cognition of depression in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: This survey aimed to assess doctors’ cognition on depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy in Shanghai China. Methods: Questionnaires were handed out to doctors who have taken part in the epilepsy care, covering those from all third-grade hospitals and several second-grade hospitals in Shanghai China. Respondents were asked to make choices for their demographic profiles, clinical practices, acquired knowledge of, and attitudes toward the comorbidity of epilepsy and depression. Results: A total of 282 questionnaires were collected from 16 hospitals in Shanghai China, of which 280 copies were included in the statistical analysis. Respondents were mainly less than 50 years (260, 92.8%), mostly residents and attendings (206, 73.6%), and mostly master and doctor's degrees (225, 80.3%). The ratio of epileptologists and nonepileptologists was 56 (20.1%):224 (79.9%). Compared to nonepileptologists and residents, epileptologists and doctors with higher professional titles were more likely to answer that they received a higher percentage of patients with the comorbidity of epilepsy and depression (≥30%), and they knew very well about the knowledge, and held the view that depression exacerbated seizures (p <.05). Surprisingly, most doctors including chief doctors and epileptologists answered that they had difficulties in prescribing antidepressants. Quite a few doctors from lower class hospitals even preferred to use tricyclic antidepressants for controlling depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy. Significance: Doctors, especially younger doctors and nonepileptologists, need more training to get knowledge of the comorbidity of epilepsy and depression. However, the therapeutic methods for depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy were still limited and in a challenge. ER  - 
Mortality in tuberous sclerosis complex$$$ We studied mortality in tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) by analyzing data from the Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance Natural History Database of 2233 patients from 18 United States TSC centers. Among 31 decedents with data; mean age of death was 29 years. Cause of death could be determined in 26 cases: 11 definitely related to TSC, 14 possibly related to TSC, and 1 unrelated to TSC. Causes of death included SUDEP in 11 (35.5%; Definite (5), Probable (4), Possible (2)), respiratory conditions in 6 (23.1%; lymphangiomyelomatosis in one), tumors in 3 (11.5%), suicide in 2 (7.7%), cardiopulmonary in 2 (7.7%), shunt malfunction in one, and drowning in one. For SUDEP cases, mean age of epilepsy onset was 7 months and 10/11 were treated with multiple anti-seizure medications (ASMs) at death; 7 had intractable epilepsy and 3 were controlled with ASMs. Patients with TSC and their families should be counseled about ASM adherence and lifestyle factors, and the potential role of nocturnal supervision or seizure detection devices to prevent SUDEP. ER  - 
Attachment styles, identification of feelings and psychiatric symptoms in functional neurological disorders$$$ Objective: The contribution of psychological and psychiatric symptoms in the development of Functional Neurological Disorders (FND) is unclear. We therefore aimed to investigate the role of different attachment styles (AS) and their relationship with psychiatric symptoms in FND patients as compared with both subjects with neurological disorders (ND) and healthy controls (HC); and the possible differences between patients with functional movement disorders (FMD) and with functional seizures. Methods: In this case-control study, forty-six patients with FND were compared to 34 with ND and 30 HC, by means of an extensive battery to investigate the presence of alexithymia, depression, anxiety, dissociation and to explore their AS using the Revised Experiences in Close Relationships instrument (ECR-R). Results: Patients with FND had higher depression and alexithymia as well as an avoidant pattern on the ECR-R than patients with ND. In the FND group, ECR-R avoidance was an independent predictor of psychiatric symptoms and, altogether, ECR-R avoidance, the somatic-affective component of depression and difficulty identifying feelings were independent predictors of FND. Gender, anxiety and difficulty identifying feelings predicted the presence of functional seizures. Conclusion: The avoidant AS may be an important psychological factor influencing the presence of mood disorders and alexithymia. Their co-occurence might drive maladaptive responses underlying the presence of FND. Although we demonstrated a large overlap between FND phenotypes, patients with functional seizures might have higher alexithymia, which in turn could explain a defensive response less anchored to body reactions and physical symptoms. ER  - 
Resting-state EEG for the diagnosis of idiopathic epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A systematic review$$$ Quantitative markers extracted from resting-state electroencephalogram (EEG) reveal subtle neurophysiological dynamics which may provide useful information to support the diagnosis of seizure disorders. We performed a systematic review to summarize evidence on markers extracted from interictal, visually normal resting-state EEG in adults with idiopathic epilepsy or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Studies were selected from 5 databases and evaluated using the Quality Assessment of Diagnostic Accuracy Studies-2. 26 studies were identified, 19 focusing on people with epilepsy, 6 on people with PNES, and one comparing epilepsy and PNES directly. Results suggest that oscillations along the theta frequency (4–8 Hz) may have a relevant role in idiopathic epilepsy, whereas in PNES there was no evident trend. However, studies were subject to a number of methodological limitations potentially introducing bias. There was often a lack of appropriate reporting and high heterogeneity. Results were not appropriate for quantitative synthesis. We identify and discuss the challenges that must be addressed for valid resting-state EEG markers of epilepsy and PNES to be developed. ER  - 
Neuroendoscopic treatment of symptomatic cyst of the septum pellucidum in children: A case series$$$ Background: Symptomatic cysts of the septum pellucidum (CSP) are extremely rare in children and surgical indications are not well defined. A very careful clinical and neuroradiologic evaluation is necessary to consider a patient for surgical indication. Methods: We present a surgical series of 7 pediatric patients. Clinical and radiological features of the patients, including clinical presentation, previous treatment, pre, and post-operative MRI, immediate postoperative, neuropsychiatric assessment, and outcomes were reviewed. Results: There were 5 males and 2 females (mean age 8 yrs). Five patients presented a history of severe intermittent headaches, two of them were admitted with acute symptoms of raised intracranial pressure. One patient presented Epilepsy and ADHD and one patient had severe psychosis. Overall, psychiatric disorders were diagnosed in six patients, three patients had Intellectual Disability (ID). In all cases, the cyst presented a ballooning feature, with a mean volume of 18,36 cm3 (range 10,62–28,5) and significant lateral bulging of both layers. All were operated on endoscopically without complications. After surgery, a very significant decrease in cyst volume was observed (mean volume 5,68 cm3; range 3,18–10,1) with complete disappearance of the ballooning aspect. Headaches resolved in all patients. In two patients operated in emergency papilloedema and vision improved in the first week after surgery. No recurrence of the cysts was noted during follow-up in all patients. Conclusions: CSP may be associated with behavioral or psychiatric problems also in children. Neuroendoscopic surgery is a safe and effective therapeutic modality to treat CSP presenting with symptoms and signs of intracranial hypertension with good clinical results. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizure-status in patients admitted to the intensive care unit$$$ Background: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizure-status (PNES-status), defined by psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) over 30 min, are often misdiagnosed as status epilepticus. We aimed to describe the features of patients who experienced PNES-status, admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU). Methods: We screened the patients hospitalized in our epilepsy unit during a 4-year period, with a diagnosis of PNES-status and ICU admission. Results: Among 171 patients with PNES, we identified 25 patients (15%) who presented 39 episodes of PNES-status leading to ICU admission. Some 76% of the patients were women. The median age at the time of the PNES-status episode was 35 years. Half (48%) alleged a history of epilepsy, but epilepsy was confirmed in only 12%. A history of psychiatric disease was found in 68%. PNES were present in 85% of patients before PNES-status, and semiology of PNES and PNES-status was similar for 79% of the patients, including hyperkinetic movements in 95% of the episodes and suspected loss of consciousness in 87%. Benzodiazepines were administrated in 77% of the episodes, antiepileptic drugs in 87%, and antibiotherapy for a ICU-related infection in 15% of the episodes. Oral intubation was performed in 41% of the episodes. Blood tests showed normal levels of creatine phosphokinase and leucocytes in 90% and 95% of the episodes, respectively. No epileptic activity was found during per-event electroencephalography but interictal epileptic activity was found in 10% of the episodes. Conclusion: Hyperkinetic PNES-status should always be considered as a differential diagnosis of status epilepticus, with a high risk of iatrogenic consequences. ER  - 
Brain metabolic differences between temporal lobe epileptic seizures and organic non-epileptic seizures in postictal phase: A retrospective study with magnetic resonance spectroscopy$$$ Magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) is employed to investigate the brain metabolites differences between patients with temporal lobe epileptic seizures (TLES) and organic non-epileptic seizures (ONES) that appear to be epileptic seizures. Twenty-three patients with TLES and nine patients with ONES in postictal phase underwent MRS examinations on a clinical 1.5T system, with 15 healthy controls in comparison. Statistical analyses on the ratios of brain metabolites were performed using the Mann- Whitney U test with age as a covariate. The results showed that N-acetyl-aspartate/Creatine (NAA/Cr) ratio of patients with TLES was statistically different from that of patients with ONES in postictal phase, i.e., TLES 1.422±0.037, ONES 1.640±0.061, P=0.012 in left temporal pole, while TLES 1.470±0.052, ONES 1.687±0.084, P=0.023 in the right temporal pole. Besides, compared with healthy controls, patients with TLES in postictal phase present significant differences in ratios of NAA/Cr, N-acetyl-aspartate/ Choline (NAA/Cho) and NAA/(Cho + Cr). Experimental results demonstrate that NAA/Cr can be used to discriminate TLES from ONES, which has not been found in the references to the best of our knowledge. Although a prospective controlled validation is needed in the future, this retrospective study reveals that MRS may provide useful metabolites information to facilitate the epilepsy diagnosis. ER  - 
Clinical benefits of single vs repeated courses of mesenchymal stem cell therapy in epilepsy patients$$$ Purpose: Epilepsy is defined as “drug-resistant” when existing anti-epileptic drugs (AED) are found to have minimal to no effect on patient's condition. Therefore the search and testing of new treatment strategies is warranted. This study focuses on the effects of autologous mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) in drug-resistant epilepsy patients within a Phase I/II open-label registered clinical trial NCT02497443. Materials/methods: A total of 67 patients was included (29 males, 38 females, mean age 33 ± 1.3 yo). The patients received either standard treatment with AEDs, or AEDs supplemented with one or two courses of therapy with autologous bone marrow-derived MSCs expanded in vitro. MSC therapy courses were 6 months apart, and each course consisted of two cell injections: an intravenous infusion of MSCs, followed within 1 week by an intrathecal injection. Primary outcome of the study was safety, secondary outcome was efficacy in terms of seizure frequency reduction and response to treatment. Results: MSC injections proved safe and did not cause any severe side effects. In MSC group (n = 34), 61.7% patients responded to therapy at 6 months timepoint (p < 0.01 vs control, n = 33), and the number rose to 76.5% by 12 months timepoint. Decrease in anxiety and depression scores and paroxysmal epileptiform activity was observed in MSC group based on HADS and EEG, respectively, and MMSE score has also improved. Another observation was that concomitant administration of levetiracetam, but not other AEDs, correlated significantly with the success of MSC therapy. Second course of MSC therapy facilitated further reduction in seizure count and epileptiform EEG activity (p < 0.05 vs single course). Conclusions: Application of autologous mesenchymal stem cell-based therapy in patients with pharmacoresistant epilepsy demonstrated significant anticonvulsant potential. This effect lasted for at least 1 year, with repeated administration of MSCs conveying additional clinical benefit. ER  - 
Smoflipid is better than lipofundin for long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes in preterm infants$$$ Neurodevelopmental morbidities developed more commonly in low-birth-weight premature infants. We sought to determine the effects of different lipid emulsions on the neurodevelop-mental outcomes of children born prematurely. This retrospective cross-sectional study had two intervention legs, Lipofundin® MCT/LCT (LIPO) versus Smoflipid® (SMOF), which are mainly differentiated by fish oil. Data of premature neonates born between 2001 and 2015 from the research database of Chang Gung Memorial Hospital with corresponding individual medical records up to July 2020 were analyzed. Long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes were defined by the international classification of disease codes −9 or −10. The prevalence of diseases was compared between LIPO and SMOF groups at five and five years old and further analyzed by stratification of 1500 g birth weight. The LIPO and SMOF groups each included 1120 neonates. Epilepsy, cerebral palsy, develop-mental disorder and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) were significantly decreased at age two years in the SMOF group, and epilepsy, language delay (LD), ADHD and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) were significantly decreased in the SMOF group at age five years. In children with birth weight < 1500 g, ADHD was decreased in the SMOF group at ages two and five years, and ASD was decreased in the SMOF group at age five years. In children with birth weight ≥ 1500 g, epilepsy, LD and ADHD were decreased in the SMOF group at age two years. LD was decreased in the SMOF group at age five years. We conclude that lipid emulsions with fish oil improve the neurodevelopmental outcomes of children born prematurely. ER  - 
Validation of pediatric sleep questionnaire in children with Chiari malformation and/or spina bifida with or without myelomeningocele$$$ Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) is common in Chiari Malformation (CM) and Spina Bifida (SB) and can lead to adverse consequences if untreated. Therefore, screening is very important but the Pediatric Sleep Questionnaire (PSQ) has not been validated in this population. Further, there is limited data on the validity of this tool in children with central nervous system malformations. Retrospective chart review of CM and SB patients evaluated in our sleep center between 2008 and 2018. The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), and negative predictive value (NPV) of the PSQ and several of its components were calculated to predict obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). A total of 149 patients met criteria for analysis. The majority were referred to a sleep specialist due to concern for SDB. OSA was found in 36% (53/149) of all patients. The sensitivity and specificity of the PSQ to predict OSA was 73.58% and 20.83%, respectively. The PPV was 33.91%, and the NPV was 58.82%. Specificity values were higher for PSQ as negative predictors of moderate or severe OSA. In this population, the sensitivity of PSQ for OSA is reasonable but lower than values described in other populations. The specificity and NPV are low. Even with a high prevalence of OSA, symptoms of SDB may overlap with those of other comorbidities leading to a low specificity. A PSQ could be used to prioritize which patients need a PSG more urgently than others. Further studies are needed to define an optimal cut-off value of the PSQ in this population. ER  - 
The effectiveness of antiepileptic drug treatment in glioma patients: lamotrigine versus lacosamide$$$ Purpose: Optimal treatment with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) is an important part of care for brain tumor patients with epileptic seizures. Lamotrigine and lacosamide are both examples of frequently used non-enzyme inducing AEDs with limited to no drug-drug interactions, reducing the risk of unfavorable side effects. This study aimed to compare the effectiveness of lamotrigine versus lacosamide. Methods: In this multicenter study we retrospectively analyzed data of patients with diffuse grade 2–4 glioma with epileptic seizures. All patients received either lamotrigine or lacosamide during the course of their disease after treatment failure of first-line monotherapy with levetiracetam or valproic acid. Primary outcome was the cumulative incidence of treatment failure, from initiation of lamotrigine or lacosamide, with death as competing event, for which a competing risk model was used. Secondary outcomes were uncontrolled seizures after AED initiation and level of toxicity. Results: We included a total of 139 patients of whom 61 (44%) used lamotrigine and 78 (56%) used lacosamide. At 12 months, there was no statistically significant difference in the cumulative incidence of treatment failure for any reason between lamotrigine and lacosamide: 38% (95%CI 26–51%) versus 30% (95%CI 20–41%), respectively. The adjusted hazard ratio for treatment failure of lacosamide compared to lamotrigine was 0.84 (95%CI 0.46–1.56). The cumulative incidences of treatment failure due to uncontrolled seizures (18% versus 11%) and due to adverse events (17% versus 19%) did not differ significantly between lamotrigine and lacosamide. Conclusion: Lamotrigine and lacosamide show similar effectiveness in diffuse glioma patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Temporal rank of clinical characteristics and prognosis of anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis$$$ Objectives: Early recognition and intervention of patients with the anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis are important to achieve a better prognosis. The study aims to summarize the real-world perspectives of anti-NMDAR encephalitis patients in China via electronic medical records (EMRs). Methods: Using EMRs of patients from 2013 to 2019 from West China Hospital in China, a retrospective research was conducted to demonstrate the temporary rank of clinical characteristics and disease prognosis of anti-NMDAR encephalitis. The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores were used to divide the anti-NMDAR-encephalitis into two groups (poor prognosis vs. good prognosis). Chi-square test and logistic regression were used to analyze factors associated with prognosis. Results: Here, 78 patients were included. The most common clinical characteristics are cognitive dysfunction (86.0%) and thought disorder (86.0%). Cognitive dysfunction, thought disorder, and seizures tended to appear soon after prodrome symptoms. Logistics analysis results showed that cognitive dysfunction (OR = 4.48, 95% CI = 1.09–18.47), the score of (GCS ≤ 8) (OR = 4.52, 95% CI = 1.18–17.32), positive antibodies in serum (OR = 4.89, 95% CI = 1.19–20.13) and delay immunotherapy (OR = 4.76, 95% CI = 1.79–12.60) were risk factors of poor clinical outcomes. Conclusions: There are two peaks in the development of autoimmune encephalitis (AE). The first peak is cognitive dysfunction, and the second peak is autonomic dysfunction. Cognitive dysfunction and GCS score ≤8 at admission, antibodies positive in serum, and delay immunotherapy were risk factors for a poor prognosis at discharge. ER  - 
Non-Epileptic Paroxysmal Events: Clinical features and diagnostic differences with epileptic seizures. A Single Tertiary Centre Study$$$ Background: Non-Epileptic Paroxysmal Events (NEPE) are common clinical manifestations in pediatric age presenting with dysfunction of motor and behavioral activity mimicking features of epileptic seizures. Objective: To present and analyze number and clinical characteristic of a group of children/adolescents presenting with various types of NEPE; to compare clinical data of this group of NEPE affected children/adolescents with a group of children/adolescents affected by Epileptic Seizures (ES). Methods: The retrospective study was conducted at the Pediatric Clinic of University of Catania, Catania, Italy, in a period ranging from January 2005 and January 2018. Two groups of children/adolescents, aged from 1 month to 15 years, were selected: 312 affected by NEPE and 192 by ES. Number and percentage of the single type of NEPE were reported. Then, demographic characteristics, clinical manifestations, duration of the events, time of diagnosis, and age of onset of each type of NEPE and ES affected children/adolescents were analyzed and compared. Results of statistical analysis of the data were carried out between ES and some type of NEPEs including Sandifer syndrome, breath-holding spells, paroxysmal tremors, vertigo, and syncope. Results: Among the group of NEPE, vertigo, type of paroxysmal event clinically not classifiable, syncope, and Sandifer syndrome were the most common events; In the comparative analyzed samples, variability between NEPE and ES was found in the duration of the paroxysmal events, in number of episodes, in lag-time between the onset of symptoms and the diagnosis, and in age of onset. Analyzing clinical data of ES with some type of NEPE, statistical significant results were obtained in vertigo as regards the duration and average duration event, in paroxysmal tremors as number of events, in Sandifer syndrome as lag-time of diagnosis, and finally in all the types of NEPE as regards the age of onset, and loss of consciousness. Conclusions: Analyzing the clinical features of each type of NEPE differences with ES are found. However, globally considered diagnostic differences between NEPE and ES remain difficult, questionable, and unrealizable without the support of correct parental report, direct clinical observations, and video-EEG monitoring. ER  - 
Psychopathology mediates between maltreatment and memory functioning in Burundian refugee youth$$$ Background: The detrimental impact of child maltreatment on children and adolescents' academic achievement and later socioeconomic wellbeing is well known. However, it is still unclear (1) whether maltreatment is actually linked to youth's long- and short-term memory deficits and (2) whether potential impairments are due to maltreatment per se or related psychopathology. Objective: Based on the Attentional Control Theory, we investigated a mediational model in which maltreatment would be related to psychopathology (internalizing symptoms, posttraumatic stress symptoms, posttraumatic cognitions), which would in turn be related to impaired memory functioning. Participants and setting: We drew on a sample of 155 Burundian refugee youth (aged 11 to 15) currently living in refugee camps in Tanzania and at high risk of experiencing ongoing maltreatment by parents. Methods: Youth reported on their experiences of maltreatment and psychopathology in structured clinical interviews and completed visuospatial memory tasks involving a short-term and a working memory component (Corsi Block Tapping Test) and delayed recall from long-term memory (Rey-Osterrieth Complex Figure). Results: Structural equation modeling showed that psychopathology mediated the association between increased maltreatment and reduced working memory capacity (β = −0.07, p = .02), with a trend towards mediation for short-term memory (β = −0.05, p = .06). Higher levels of maltreatment, but not psychopathology, were directly linked to long-term memory deficits (β = −0.20, p = .02). Conclusions: Preventive efforts targeting maltreatment and interventions focusing on related psychopathology are needed to counter memory deficits and their potential negative implications for academic and socioeconomic outcomes. ER  - 
Risk factors for needing postpartum antihypertensive medications with hypertensive disorders: Timing of diagnosis, presence of proteinuria, and severity of disease$$$ Objectives: Evaluate the association between the need for post-partum antihypertensive medications in patients with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and the following: timing of disease onset (antepartum vs. intrapartum), presence of proteinuria, and severity of disease. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study. We reviewed the charts of 204 patients diagnosed with HDP: 106 were diagnosed antepartum and 98 diagnosed intrapartum. Patients withchronichypertensionwereexcluded. Main Outcome Measures: The need for outpatient antihypertensive medications at time of hospital discharge was the primary outcome. We performed logistic regression of covariates and a stratified analysis for each specific HDP (gestational hypertension (GHTN), preeclampsia and preeclampsia with severe features). Results: While the diagnosis of HDP in the antepartum period was a statistically significant risk factor for needing postpartum anti-hypertensive medications at discharge in bivariate analysis RR 2.07 (1.27–3.37), p = 0.001, it did not remain significant after correction for the covariates RR 1.41 (0.45–4.49), P = 0.55. However, the presence of proteinuria was an independent risk factor after logistic regression. Compared to GHTN, there was a significant difference in the need for postpartum anti-hypertensive medications in patients with preeclampsia OR 10.70 (1.54–74.42), p = 0.017 and in preeclampsia with severe features OR 112.14 (20.05–627.22), p < 0.001. Conclusion: Timing of onset of HDP (antepartum vs. intrapartum) was not an independent risk factor for needing antihypertensive medications postpartum. However, proteinuria and the presence of severe features were. Patients with proteinuria and those with severe disease may warrant closer surveillance in the post-partum period than those without proteinuria. ER  - 
Patient Risk Factors Associated With 30- and 90-Day Readmission After Ventriculoperitoneal Shunt Placement for Idiopathic Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus in Elderly Patients: A Nationwide Readmission Study$$$ Objective: For idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus (iNPH), risk stratifying patients and identifying those who are likely to fare well after ventriculoperitoneal shunt (VP) surgery may help improve quality of care and reduce unplanned readmissions. The aim of this study was to investigate the drivers of 30- and 90-day readmissions after VP shunt surgery for iNPH in elderly patients. Methods: The Nationwide Readmission Database, years 2013 to 2015, was queried. Elderly patients (≥65 years old) undergoing VP shunt surgery were identified using the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification coding system. Unique patient linkage numbers were used to follow patients and identify 30- and 31- to 90-day readmission rates. Patients were grouped by no readmission (Non-R), readmission within 30 days (30-R), and readmission within 31 to 90 days (90-R). Results: We identified 7199 elderly patients undergoing VP shunt surgery for iNPH. A total of 1413 (19.6%) patients were readmitted (30-R: n = 812 [11.3%] vs. 90-R: n = 601 [8.3%] vs. Non-R: n = 5786). The most prevalent 30- and 90-day complications seen among the readmitted cohort were mechanical complication of nervous system device implant (30-R: 16.1%, 90-R: 12.4%), extracranial postoperative infection (30-R: 10.4%, 90-R: 7.0%), and subdural hemorrhage (30-R: 6.0%, 90-R: 16.4%). On multivariate regression analysis, age, diabetes, and renal failure were independently associated with 30-day readmission; female sex, and 26th to 50th household income percentile were independently associated with reduced likelihood of 90-day readmission. Having any complication during the index admission independently associated with both 30- and 90-day readmission. Conclusions: In this study, we identify the most common drivers for readmission for elderly patients with iNPH undergoing VP shunt surgery. ER  - 
Sensitivity of long-term EEG monitoring as a second diagnostic step in the initial diagnosis of epilepsy$$$ Objective: In this retrospective study, we aimed to evaluate the sensitivity and negative predictive value of long-term EEG (L-EEG) in patients being assessed for epilepsy, who had already undergone non-specific standard EEG(s) (S-EEG). Secondary endpoints of this study were: (1) the correlation of non-specific changes on EEG with epileptiform patterns on L-EEG; and (2) the correlation of clinical parameters such as subjective frequency of seizures or epileptogenic lesions on cerebral imaging with epileptiform changes on L-EEG. Methods: We retrospectively analysed clinical and electrophysiological data of 75 patients, assessed for epilepsy at the University Hospital Zurich, who had undergone an L-EEG for at least 48 hours, between 2010 and 2015. All patients had already undergone S-EEG(s) before L-EEG, which showed no epileptic changes. Furthermore, the association with clinical parameters, such as frequency of presumptive seizures, abnormalities on standard-EEG, AED intake and cerebral imaging with the final diagnosis, was analysed. Results: Out of 75 patients, 14 (19%) patients were finally diagnosed with epilepsy. In eight of these patients, L-EEGs showed typical ictal/interictal patterns, with a sensitivity of 57% and negative predictive value of 91%. Neither the subjective frequency of seizures nor potentially epileptogenic lesions on cerebral imaging were associated with a positive epilepsy diagnosis. Significance: In this preselected cohort of patients, who had already undergone a non-diagnostic S-EEG, the sensitivity of L-EEG remained considerable. Nonetheless, our study also revealed a significant false-negative rate. Based on the high negative predictive value in this study, L-EEG appears to be most useful at excluding epilepsy. Nevertheless, thorough evaluation of seizure history and clinical findings remain crucial for a reliable diagnosis. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study to determine the factors affecting the quality of life in patients with grand mal epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy is a chronic neurological condition that affects various domains of life apart from causing physical dysfunction. It is associated with various cognitive and psychosocial complications that can adversely affect the Quality of Life (QoL). Aim: To study the socio-demographic and clinical factors affecting QoL in Patients With Epilepsy (PWE). Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted at a tertiary care centre in northern India on patients with Grand Mal Epilepsy. The PWE were assessed for psychiatric co-morbidity using Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview Version 6.0 and were divided into two groups, Group I and Group II, based on absence and presence of psychiatric co-morbidity, respectively. Self-administered QoL in Epilepsy-31 Scale was then used in both the groups to assess QoL in the study subjects and statistical analysis was done. Normally, distributed quantitative data was analysed using independent t-test for two groups and Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) test for three or more groups. Results: The mean age of the study population was 27.68±9.51 years. A 55% of the study population were males and 45% of total study population were females. The mean total duration of epilepsy was 7.42±6.98 years. There was significant main effect due to socio-economic status for domains of emotional well-being (F=7.513, p=0.010), energy/fatigue (F=5.625, p=0.021), cognitive functions (F=7.708, p=0.007) and overall score (F=6.876, p=0.011) on QOLIE-31 scale. There was a significant main effect due to total duration of seizure disorder for domains of energy/fatigue (F=2.724, p=0.03) and cognitive functions (F=2.852, p=0.03). The mean scores of PWE with psychiatric co-morbidity were lower than PWE without psychiatric co-morbidity in all the domains of QoL in epilepsy scale and the differences in two groups were statistically significant (p=0.01). Conclusion: The present study showed that QoL in PWE is associated with various socio-demographic and clinical factors beyond seizure control. ER  - 
Depression, anxiety and associated factors among people with epilepsy and attending outpatient treatment at primary public hospitals in northwest Ethiopia: A multicenter cross-sectional study$$$ Objective To assess the magnitude and factors associated with depression and anxiety among people with epilepsy and attending out-patient treatment at central Gondar zone primary public hospitals, northwest, Ethiopia. Method An institutional based cross-sectional study was conducted from May—June, 2020 at central Gondar zone primary public hospitals. A total of 589 participants were chosen by systematic sampling technique. Data was collected by utilizing Amharic version interviewer-administered structured and semi-structured questioners. Depression and anxiety were assessed by using hospital anxiety and depression scale. Bivariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis was done to recognize variables related to both depression and anxiety. Association was described by using “adjusted odds ratio” (AOR) along with 95% full Confidence interval (CI). Finally, P-values < 0.05 in adjusted analysis were taken as a cut off for significant association. Result Out of 556 participants included in the study, 30.9%, 33.1% had depression and anxiety respectively. Being divorced/widowed (AOR = 2.43, 95% CI, 1.18–4.99), using two and above number of antiepileptic medications (AOR = 1.77,95% CI,1.02–3.09), very frequent seizure frequency (AOR = 2.68, 95% CI,1.30–5.51), current substance use (AOR = 1.82, 95% CI, 1.03–3.22), perceived stigma (AOR = 5.67,95% CI,3.14–8.18), and hazardous alcohol use (AOR = 2.84, 95% CI,1.32–6.09) were statistically associated with depression. While, being a single (AOR = 1.65, 95% CI, 1.04–2.63), using two and above number of antiepileptic medications (AOR = 2.27, 95% CI, 1.42–3.62), duration of illness ≥16 years (AOR = 2.82, 95% CI, 1.26–6.31), and perceived stigma (AOR = 2.49, 95% CI, 1.63–3.82) were statistically associated with anxiety at a p-value < 0.05. Conclusion This study showed that the magnitude of depression and anxiety were relatively high among people with epilepsy. Using two and above number of antiepileptic medications and perceived stigma were statistically associated with both depression and anxiety. Screening, early identification and providing appropriate intervention of depression and anxiety among people with epilepsy should be great concern for the health care providers. ER  - 
What have we learned from 8 years of deep brain stimulation of the anterior thalamic nucleus? Experiences and insights of a single center$$$ OBJECTIVE In the absence of a standard or guideline for the treatment of epilepsy patients with deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the anterior nucleus of the thalamus (ANT), systematic single-center investigations are essential to establish effective approaches. Here, the authors report on the long-term results of one of the largest single-center ANT DBS cohorts. METHODS The outcome data of 23 consecutive patients with transventricularly implanted electrodes were retrospectively analyzed with regard to adverse events, lead placement, stimulation-related side effects, and changes in seizure frequency. Depression and quality-of-life scores were collected in a subgroup of 9 patients. RESULTS All but 2 patients initially underwent bilateral implantation, and 84.4% of all DBS leads were successfully located within the ANT. The mean follow-up time was 46.57 ± 23.20 months. A seizure reduction > 50% was documented in 73.9% of patients, and 34.6% achieved an Engel class I outcome. In 3 patients, clinical response was achieved by switching the electrode contact or changing from the monopolar to bipolar stimulation mode. Unilateral implantation seemed ineffective, whereas bilateral stimulation with successful ANT implantation only on one side led to a clinical response. Double stimulation with additional vagus nerve stimulation was safe. Changes in cycling mode or stimulation amplitude influenced therapy tolerability and, only to a lesser extent, seizure frequency. Side effects were rare and typically vanished by lowering the stimulation amplitude or changing the active electrode contact. Furthermore, depression and aspects of quality of life significantly improved with ANT DBS treatment. CONCLUSIONS The transventricular approach as well as double stimulation proved safe. The anteroventral ANT appeared to be the most efficacious stimulation site. This systematic investigation with reluctant medication changes allowed for the development of a better idea of the association between parameter changes and outcome in ANT DBS patients, but larger samples are still needed to assess the potential of bipolar stimulation and distinct cycling frequencies. Furthermore, more multifaceted and objective assessments of treatment outcome are needed to fully assess the effects of ANT DBS treatment. ER  - 
Two-Year-Old Cognitive Outcomes in Children of Pregnant Women with Epilepsy in the Maternal Outcomes and Neurodevelopmental Effects of Antiepileptic Drugs Study$$$ Importance: The neurodevelopmental risks of fetal exposure are uncertain for many antiseizure medications (ASMs). Objective: To compare children at 2 years of age who were born to women with epilepsy (WWE) vs healthy women and assess the association of maximum ASM exposure in the third trimester and subsequent cognitive abilities among children of WWE. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Maternal Outcomes and Neurodevelopmental Effects of Antiepileptic Drugs (MONEAD) study is a prospective, observational, multicenter investigation of pregnancy outcomes that enrolled women from December 19, 2012, to January 13, 2016, at 20 US epilepsy centers. Children are followed up from birth to 6 years of age, with assessment at 2 years of age for this study. Of 1123 pregnant women assessed, 456 were enrolled; 426 did not meet criteria, and 241 chose not to participate. Data were analyzed from February 20 to December 4, 2020. Main Outcomes and Measures: Language domain score according to the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development, Third Edition (BSID-III), which incorporates 5 domain scores (language, motor, cognitive, social-emotional, and general adaptive), and association between BSID-III language domain and ASM blood levels in the third trimester in children of WWE. Analyses were adjusted for multiple potential confounding factors, and measures of ASM exposure were assessed. Results: The BSID-III assessments were analyzed in 292 children of WWE (median age, 2.1 [range, 1.9-2.5] years; 155 female [53.1%] and 137 male [46.9%]) and 90 children of healthy women (median age, 2.1 [range, 2.0-2.4] years; 43 female [47.8%] and 47 male [52.2%]). No differences were found between groups on the primary outcome of language domain (-0.5; 95% CI, -4.1 to 3.2). None of the other 4 BSID-III domains differed between children of WWE vs healthy women. Most WWE were taking lamotrigine and/or levetiracetam. Exposure to ASMs in children of WWE showed no association with the language domain. However, secondary analyses revealed that higher maximum observed ASM levels in the third trimester were associated with lower BSID-III scores for the motor domain (-5.6; 95% CI, -10.7 to -0.5), and higher maximum ASM doses in the third trimester were associated with lower scores in the general adaptive domain (-1.4; 95% CI, -2.8 to -0.05). Conclusions and Relevance: Outcomes of children at 2 years of age did not differ between children of WWE taking ASMs and children of healthy women. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01730170. ER  - 
Hospital pharmacy supporting the valproate pregnancy prevention programme$$$ Background: Sodium valproate is used mainly in epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It can cause physical and neurodevelopmental effects in children if taken by mothers during pregnancy. In the UK it is now a requirement that all females of childbearing potential should only be treated with valproate under the conditions of the valproate pregnancy prevention programme (VPPP) i.e. patients should have received counselling about the risks of treatment and the need for effective contraception and have signed a Risk Acknowledgement Form; are on highly effective contraception; and are reviewed by their specialist at least annually. VPPP advice describes various actions that healthcare professionals should undertake.1 Aim: Our aim was to ascertain whether hospital pharmacist entries describing contact and discussion with women of childbearing potential who received valproate as an inpatient were made on our eprescribing system as outlined in our hospital pharmacy policy introduced in January 2020. Any such note is communicated to the patient's GP at discharge. Methods: In phase1 we identified retrospectively women of childbearing potential prescribed valproate (January 2020 to July 2020) from the e-prescribing system. We checked any associated intervention note or discharge medicines review (DMR) note made by a pharmacist for mention of VPPP advice. Phase 2 involved three interventions implemented from August 2020 onwards. These were - further awareness raising of this policy amongst the team, an alert on a live electronic prompt that pharmacists view daily, and a 'live' surveillance report that identified these women to three senior pharmacy managers in the team so they could remind relevant pharmacists in real time. Results: The search in phase 1 identified 17 females of childbearing potential prescribed valproate. All had medicines reconciliation undertaken at admission, hence known to pharmacy. In only one instance was there evidence via a record on the e-prescribing system that there had been a VPPP discussion (occurred in May'20). In phase 2 (mid-August to mid-September), the surveillance report identified four women of childbearing potential receiving valproate and three of these had a note on the e-prescribing system indicating that the pharmacist had considered VPPP. However, in these three cases it was deemed inappropriate to actually discuss VPPP with the patient (one had a hysterectomy; one patient was in a manic state; one had Rett's syndrome). Relevant wording appeared as a note in the e-prescribing system record. Conclusion: Implementation of the VPPP by pharmacy in phase 1 did not occur as expected with only 1/17 opportunities for contact recorded. Eight of these admissions occurred between March to June when Covid-19 dictated that staff work very differently to normal. However, the one instance of contact was in May. Subsequently, we sought to understand with pharmacy staff the barriers to why this did not occur and implemented process changes. Consequently, these interventions appear to have prompted the necessary action for 3/4 contact opportunities during the short time period of phase 2. We recognise that inpatients on valproate may be complex cases requiring the pharmacist to engage in a sensitive discussion. We will review in six months. ER  - 
Gender differences in valproic acid use for approved indications in the United States (2017-2018) - An opportunity for risk mitigation?$$$ Background: Prenatal exposure to valproic acid (VA), a teratogenic drug initially approved for the management of seizures, is mitigated in the United States with only label warnings and a medication guide. Approved indications for VA have evolved to include migraine and bipolar disorder, and several off-label uses exist in clinical practice. Current labeling discourages use of VA for management of seizures and bipolar disorder during pregnancy and considers use for the management of migraine among women of child-bearing age contraindicated in absence of effective contraception. The effect of these recommendations on utilization patterns is unknown. Objectives: To evaluate effects of gender on VA utilization for approved indications in women of childbearing age. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study (2017-2018) using IBM® Marketscan® Commercial Claims Databases. We identified patients aged 12-55 with ≥ 1 year of continuous insurance enrollment and either epilepsy, migraine, or mood disorder diagnoses. We then identified those with a prescription claim for VA within 14 days after diagnosis. We used multivariable logistic regression models to estimate odds for VA use among males versus females for each of the three indications. Results: Among 68,436 epileptic, 716,592 migraine, and 737,390 mood disorder patients, 6,478 females and 6,793 males used VA. In females, mood disorders accounted for 57.7% of VA use, followed by migraine (31.1%) and epilepsy (11.1%). Among males, mood disorders accounted for 65.0% of use followed by epilepsy (24.0%) and migraine (15.0%). After adjusting for age, region, state healthcare quality ranking and insurance plan type, males with epilepsy (OR 2.29, 2.08-2.53) or mood disorder (OR 2.11, 2.01-2.22) were more likely to receive VA compared to females. For patients with migraines, males were also more likely to receive treatment, but the magnitude of association was smaller (OR 1.30, 1.20-1.42). Conclusions: Use of VA was generally small for the approved indications. Female patients seemed channeled toward safer options when compared to background use by males, especially for epilepsy and mood disorders. A weaker association between VA use and gender among patients with migraines implies opportunities to enhance risk mitigation. ER  - 
Oral contraceptive failures in the presence of a drug-drug interaction - Does progestin type matter?$$$ Background: Combined oral contraceptives (COC) are not recommended for patients with concomitant use of CYP3A4-inducer drugs due to potential diminished efficacy. Nevertheless, a majority of patients rely on them over more effective methods. Clinical literature suggests specific progestins, including levonorgestrel, to be less susceptible to enzyme inducers. However, no population-based studies are available to guide clinical decision-making. Objectives: To evaluate the comparative effectiveness of oral hormonal contraceptives concomitantly used with antiepileptic drugs (AED) Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using a national claims database to estimate contraception failure rates during concomitant use of COC with CYP3A4-inducer AEDs (phenytoin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, topiramate). We identified females aged 12-48 with concomitant use episodes and created four cohorts based on progestin type; levonorgestrel (LNG), norgestimate (NGM), drospirenone (DRS), or norethindrone (NET). The cohort index date was the first day of concomitancy, and patients were required to have epilepsy, bipolar, or depressive disorder diagnosis in their look-back period (6 months). We excluded patients with infertility, ovary dysfunction, or hirsutism. Cohort re-entry was allowed following a 14-day gap in concomitancy. We operationalized contraceptive failure as the pregnancy conception event during concomitancy measured with a previously developed algorithm that identifies all pregnancy episodes in our database. We estimated failure rates and rate ratios using appropriate statistical models after propensity score weighting (levonorgestrel as the reference group). We used negative exposure cohorts with COC and non-inducer AEDs to assess unmeasured confounding. Results: We identified 78,664 concomitancy episodes with any COC, and the majority involved NET (26,820). The baseline covariates were well-balanced among cohorts after weighting. The lowest failure rate was observed in the LNG cohort (0.9 per 100 person-years). The adjusted rate ratio was 1.4 (0.9, 2.1) for NET, 1.5 (0.9, 2.4) for DRS, and 2.5 (1.7, 3.8) for NGM. The negative exposure study showed an increased risk in the NGM cohort (1.8; 1.4, 2.4) while the effect was null in DRS and NET cohorts. Conclusions: LNG products had a lower contraception failure rate when concomitantly used with CYP3A4-inducing AEDs. Thus, they may be a preferred option if patients do not choose more effective contraceptive options in this context. Although NGM appeared to be the most susceptible progestin, unmeasured confounding or overall differences in effectiveness cannot be ruled out. ER  - 
Comorbidities associated with insomnia stratified by age and sex$$$ Background: Few large studies have examined the association of comorbidities with an insomnia diagnosis stratified by age and gender. Objectives: To identify comorbidities associated with an insomnia diagnosis by age and gender groups. Methods: We employed a matched case-control study using IBM MarketScan claims database 2017-2018 including patients with 2-year continuous enrollment and at least one medical encounter. Insomnia cases were patients with at least two outpatient claims or one inpatient claim of insomnia (ICD-10-CM codes: G47.0x, F51.0x). Controls were 1:1 matched to cases by exact age and sex. Patients were stratified to 6 groups by age (<= 17, 18-64 and >=65) and gender (male/female). We pre-specified 76 conditions (based on 2 outpatient claims or 1 inpatient claim) and included them in the conditional logistic regression with stepwise selection (significance level of entry: 0.05; significance level of stay: 0.01) to identify conditions associated with insomnia within each age-gender group. Results: A total of 304,606 insomnia cases were identified with boys being the smallest group (n=5,399), and adult females the largest (n=167,746). Preliminary results from conditional logistic regression models showed that among boys, depression, anxiety, autism, and ADHD were significantly associated with insomnia (ORs range: 4.1-8.8); among girls, epilepsy, migraine, cluster headache, bipolar disorder, adjustment disorder, back pain, constipation, heartburn were additionally significantly associated with insomnia (ORs range: 2.1-7.0). In adults, besides the above-mentioned conditions, many conditions (such as substance abuse, Parkinson's disease, fibromyalgia, ORs range: 1.3-2.5) were also associated with insomnia. Men and women shared many conditions, but the ORs were usually smaller among women. In men, erectile dysfunction and benign prostatic hyperplasia were also associated with insomnia. In older adults, conditions associated with insomnia were like those in adults; however, the ORs were even smaller. In older men, only depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, cluster headache had OR > =2, in older women only anxiety had OR >=2. Conclusions: Many comorbidities are associated with insomnia, and they differed by age and gender. Some mental conditions were significant across all age and sex groups. Girls had more conditions associated with insomnia than boys, but no apparent gender difference found among adults (except for the conditions specific to men). Adults had more conditions associated with insomnia than children, but associations were less strong. These results may inform the integrated management of the insomnia. ER  - 
DIFFERENTIATING STATUS EPILEPTICUS FROM PROLONGED PSYCHOGENIC NON-EPILEPTIC SEIZURES - CAN PERIPHERAL CELL RATIOS HELP?$$$ Objectives Differentiating status epilepticus (SE) from prolonged episodes of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) is not always straight forward and treatment paradigms are dichotomous with potential for harm from misdiagnosis. This study aims to identify the utility of the neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), neutrophil-to-monocyte ratio (NMR), monocyte- to-lymphocyte ratio (MLR) and platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio (PLR) in differentiating between SE and PNES. Methods Retrospective case control study in adults presenting to a tertiary hospital between April 2017 and December 2020. SE was defined as per ILAE criteria for time point 1. PNES events needed to meet the same time criterion. Patients were excluded if they had other factors that altered peripheral cell counts. After screening 1052 cases, 69 SE events from 56 patients and 38 prolonged PNES events from 22 patients were analysed. Results NLR, NMR, MLR and PLR were all significantly higher in SE compared with PNES with mean values of 6.91 vs 2.09, 11.03 vs 7.94, 0.59 vs 0.27 and 189.7 vs 102.3, respectively. Using receiver operating curves, cut off values for NLR, NMR, MLR and PLR of >3.175, >9.36, >0.435 and >129.5 respectively were identified, yielding sensitivities and specificities of 60.87% and 89.47%, 53.62% and 78.95%, 56.5% and 94.7%, 59.42% and 86.84% respectively. AUC ranged from 0.689 to 0.7931. Conclusion Patients with SE had significantly higher peripheral cell ratios than those with PNES. When the diagnosis is in doubt, elevated cell ratios can be used to increase diagnostic certainty. However, where cell ratios are not elevated, further investigations are required. ER  - 
COGNITIVE IMPAIRMENT IN LATE ONSET EPILEPSY$$$ Objective Late onset, unprovoked epilepsy patients with cognitive impairment can have complex pathophysiology.1 Our objective was to study the characteristics and contributors of cognitive impairment in this group; and how patients with dementia could be differentiated from late onset epilepsy patients. Methods Twenty-six patients with epilepsy, onset after 50 years of age, with new cognitive complaints and 26 patients with clinically diagnosed Alzheimer's Disease (AD) were recruited. These participants had comprehensive neuropsychological and neuroimaging assessments. A subset of 17 participants from the Epilepsy group underwent longitudinal neuropsychological assessment. Results In the Epilepsy group, the neuropsychological profile of cognitive impairment was consistent with the foci and severity of seizure activity in 46% of participants; subcortical microvascular change in 15%; mood disturbance in 15%; medication in 15%; alcohol in 4% and AD in 4%. Compared with the Epilepsy group, the AD group had a lower Addenbrookes Cognitive Examination III (ACE-III) score (79.3±10.8 versus 87.5±6.5, p=0.01); specifically in the attention, memory and visuospatial subdomains (p=0.004, p=0.002 and p=0.02) but not fluency and language subdomains (p>0.05); and lower scores on additional assessments of naming, visuospatial and executive function (p≤ 0.001). The AD group had more abnormal metabolism in the temporal, parietal and occipital lobes than the Epilepsy group (p=0.02, p=0.006 and p=0.005). Conclusion Patients with late onset epilepsy and cognitive complaints rarely have dementia diagnosed at their first neuropsychological assessment and tend to have milder cognitive impairment than patients with AD. The two groups can be differentiated by their neuropsychological and FDG-PET profiles. ER  - 
Genetically Determined Chronic Low-Grade Inflammation and Hundreds of Health Outcomes in the UK Biobank and the FinnGen Population: A Phenome-Wide Mendelian Randomization Study$$$ Background: C-reactive protein (CRP) has been used as a biomarker of chronic low-grade inflammation in observational studies. We aimed to determine whether genetically determined CRP was associated with hundreds of human phenotypes to guide anti-inflammatory interventions. Methods: We used individual data from the UK Biobank to perform a phenome-wide two-stage least squares (2SLS) Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis for CRP with 879 diseases. Summary-level data from the FinnGen consortium were utilized to perform phenome-wide two-sample MR analysis on 821 phenotypes. Systematic two-sample MR methods included MR-IVW, MR-WME, MR-Mod, and MR-PRESSO as sensitivity analyses combined with multivariable MR to identify robust associations. Genetic correlation analysis was applied to identify shared genetic risks. Results: We found genetically determined CRP was robustly associated with 15 diseases in the UK Biobank and 11 diseases in the FinnGen population (P < 0.05 for all MR analyses). CRP was positively associated with tongue cancer, bronchitis, hydronephrosis, and acute pancreatitis and negatively associated with colorectal cancer, colon cancer, cerebral ischemia, electrolyte imbalance, Parkinson’s disease, epilepsy, anemia of chronic disease, encephalitis, psychophysical visual disturbances, and aseptic necrosis of bone in the UK Biobank. There were positive associations with impetigo, vascular dementia, bipolar disorders, hypercholesterolemia, vertigo, and neurological diseases, and negative correlations with degenerative macular diseases, metatarsalgia, interstitial lung disease, and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, and others. in the FinnGen population. The electrolyte imbalance and anemia of chronic disease in UK Biobank and hypercholesterolemia and neurological diseases in FinnGen pass the FDR corrections. Neurological diseases and bipolar disorders also presented positive genetic correlations with CRP. We found no overlapping causal associations between the populations. Previous causal evidence also failed to support these associations (except for bipolar disorders). Conclusions: Genetically determined CRP was robustly associated with several diseases in the UK Biobank and the FinnGen population, but could not be replicated, suggesting heterogeneous and non-repeatable effects of CRP across populations. This implies that interventions at CRP are unlikely to result in decreased risk for most human diseases in the general population but may benefit specific high-risk populations. The limited causal evidence and potential double-sided effects remind us to be cautious about CRP interventions. ER  - 
Switching to bictegravir, emtricitabine, and tenofovir alafenamide in virologically suppressed adults with human Immunodeficiency virus$$$ Background: Bictegravir (B)/emtricitabine (F)/tenofovir alafenamide (TAF) is guideline-recommended treatment for human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1). We evaluated whether people receiving dolutegravir (DTG) plus F/TAF or F/TDF (tenofovir disoproxil fumarate) with viral suppression can switch to B/F/TAF without compromising safety or efficacy, regardless of preexisting nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) resistance. Methods: In this multicenter, randomized, double-blinded, active-controlled, noninferiority trial, we enrolled adults who were virologically suppressed for ≥6 months before screening (with documented/suspected NRTI resistance) or ≥3 months before screening (with no documented/suspected NRTI resistance) on DTG plus either F/TDF or F/TAF. We randomly assigned (1:1) participants to switch to B/F/TAF or DTG + F/TAF once daily for 48 weeks, each with matching placebo. The primary endpoint was proportion of participants with plasma HIV-1 RNA ≥50 copies/mL at week 48 (snapshot algorithm); the prespecified noninferiority margin was 4%. Results: Five hundred sixty-seven adults were randomized; 565 were treated (284 B/F/TAF, 281 DTG + F/TAF). At week 48, B/F/TAF was noninferior to DTG + F/TAF, as 0.4% (1/284) vs 1.1% (3/281) had HIV-1 RNA ≥50 copies/mL (difference, -0.7% [95.001% confidence interval {CI}, -2.8% to 1.0%]). There were no significant differences in efficacy among participants with suspected or confirmed prior NRTI resistance (n = 138). No participant had treatment-emergent drug resistance. Median weight change from baseline at week 48 was +1.3 kg (B/F/TAF) vs +1.1 kg (DTG + F/TAF) (P =. 46). Weight change differed by baseline NRTIs (+2.2 kg [F/TDF] and +0.6 kg [F/TAF], P <. 001), with no differences between B/F/TAF and DTG + F/TAF. Conclusions: The single-tablet regimen B/F/TAF is a safe, effective option for people virologically suppressed on DTG plus either F/TDF or F/TAF, including in individuals with preexisting resistance to NRTIs. Clinical Trials Registration: NCT03110380. ER  - 
Preventing avoidable hospital admissions after emergency care in humanitarian settings: A cross-sectional review of Médecins Sans Frontières emergency departments$$$ Objectives The aim of this study was to describe the types of emergency departments (EDs), and the acuity, types and disposition of conditions managed at Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF)-supported EDs in humanitarian settings. Design, setting, participants and outcome measures This was a multicentre, cross-sectional review of visits to MSF-supported EDs from 1 January 2014 to 31 December 2018. EDs were classified into advanced-level, general-level, paediatric and trauma. Variables analysed included: age group, condition, acuity and ED disposition. Frequencies and percentages stratified by ED type or region were reported. Results MSF supported 26 EDs in 12 countries, with a total of 1 388 698 visits between 2014 and 2018. Most patients were discharged home (n=1 097 456, 79%), with nearly 0% mortality (n=4692). The majority of visits at general-level and paediatric EDs were for medical conditions (n=600 088, 78% and n=45 276, 96%, respectively), while nearly half of advanced-level EDs visits were for surgical conditions (n=201 189, 48%). Almost all visits to trauma EDs were for surgical conditions (n=148 078, 98%). Overall, most surgical conditions were traumatic injuries (n=484 008, 94%), the majority unintentional (n=425 487, 82%). The top three most common classified medical conditions were respiratory infections, malaria and diarrhoea. Conclusions EDs are critical in improving the agility and access to emergency care (EC) in humanitarian settings. This study demonstrated that EC provision resulted in the majority of patients being discharged from EDs, helping prevent avoidable hospital admissions. These results could help better understand the healthcare needs of vulnerable populations, improve responsiveness to emergency conditions and support programmatic planning in humanitarian settings. ER  - 
Systemic Inflammation Is Associated With Neurologic Involvement in Pediatric Inflammatory Multisystem Syndrome Associated With SARS-CoV-2$$$ ObjectivePediatric inflammatory multisystem syndrome temporally associated with SARS-CoV-2 (PIMS-TS) is a severe immune-mediated disorder. We aim to report the neurologic features of children with PIMS-TS.MethodsWe identified children presenting to a large children's hospital with PIMS-TS from March to June 2020 and performed a retrospective medical note review, identifying clinical and investigative features alongside short-term outcome of children presenting with neurologic symptoms.ResultsSeventy-five patients with PIMS-TS were identified, 9 (12%) had neurologic involvement: altered conciseness (3), behavioral changes (3), focal neurology deficits (2), persistent headaches (2), hallucinations (2), excessive sleepiness (1), and new-onset focal seizures (1). Four patients had cranial images abnormalities. At 3-month follow-up, 1 child had died, 1 had hemiparesis, 3 had behavioral changes, and 4 completely recovered. Systemic inflammatory and prothrombotic markers were higher in patients with neurologic involvement (mean highest CRP 267 vs 202 mg/L, p = 0.05; procalcitonin 30.65 vs 13.11 g/L, p = 0.04; fibrinogen 7.04 vs 6.17 g/L, p = 0.07; d-dimers 19.68 vs 7.35 mg/L, p = 0.005). Among patients with neurologic involvement, these markers were higher in those without full recovery at 3 months (ferritin 2284 vs 283 g/L, p = 0.05; d-dimers 30.34 vs 6.37 mg/L, p = 0.04). Patients with and without neurologic involvement shared similar risk factors for PIMS-TS (Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic ethnicity 78% vs 70%, obese/overweight 56% vs 42%).ConclusionsBroad neurologic features were found in 12% patients with PIMS-TS. By 3-month follow-up, half of these surviving children had recovered fully without neurologic impairment. Significantly higher systemic inflammatory markers were identified in children with neurologic involvement and in those who had not recovered fully. ER  - 
Clinical and electrophysiological study of neck myoclonus during sleep$$$ Objective: To discuss the clinical and electrophysiological characteristics of neck myoclonus during sleep. Methods: The clinical and electrophysiological characteristics of 31 patients in the Electroencephalography Monitoring Center of Xijing Hospital from January 2020 to August 2020 were studied retrospectively. All the patients received video-polysomnography and video-electroencephalography. Results: There were 22 males (71%) and nine females (29%) in the 31 patients. The mean age of the patients at the time of inclusion in the study was 27.8 years. Neck myoclonus was most common in patients with narcolepsy (n=8), followed by epilepsy (n=4), obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (n=4), anxiety and depression (n=3), snoring (n=3), etc. A total of 555 motor events were considered and analyzed, 89.5% (497/555) of which occurred during rapid eye movement (REM) sleep. The mean neck myoclonus index in REM sleep (5.8) was significantly higher than that in non-rapid eye movement sleep (0.2). Totally 48.3% (268/555) of neck myoclonus were accompanied by an arousal, 0.7% (4/555) by a full awakening, and 2.7% (15/555) by limb movements. Conclusions: Neck myoclonus is common during REM sleep, which can occur in patients with sleep disorders and epilepsy. Physiological or pathological significance of neck myoclonus has to be investigated in further studies. ER  - 
Development and Validation of a LASSO Prediction Model for Better Identification of Ischemic Stroke: A Case-Control Study in China$$$ Background: Timely diagnosis of ischemic stroke (IS) in the acute phase is extremely vital to achieve proper treatment and good prognosis. In this study, we developed a novel prediction model based on the easily obtained information at initial inspection to assist in the early identification of IS. Methods: A total of 627 patients with IS and other intracranial hemorrhagic diseases from March 2017 to June 2018 were retrospectively enrolled in the derivation cohort. Based on their demographic information and initial laboratory examination results, the prediction model was constructed. The least absolute shrinkage and selection operator algorithm was used to select the important variables to form a laboratory panel. Combined with the demographic variables, multivariate logistic regression was performed for modeling, and the model was encapsulated within a visual and operable smartphone application. The performance of the model was evaluated on an independent validation cohort, formed by 304 prospectively enrolled patients from June 2018 to May 2019, by means of the area under the curve (AUC) and calibration. Results: The prediction model showed good discrimination (AUC = 0.916, cut-off = 0.577), calibration, and clinical availability. The performance was reconfirmed in the more complex emergency department. It was encapsulated as the Stroke Diagnosis Aid app for smartphones. The user can obtain the identification result by entering the values of the variables in the graphical user interface of the application. Conclusion: The prediction model based on laboratory and demographic variables could serve as a favorable supplementary tool to facilitate complex, time-critical acute stroke identification. ER  - 
Quantitative EEG Findings in Patients With Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures$$$ Objective. Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), is one of the clinical manifestations of conversion disorder that epileptiform discharges do not accompany. Factors capable of increasing susceptibility to these seizures have not been adequately investigated yet. This study aims to investigate the quantitative electroencephalography (QEEG) findings for PNES by evaluating the resting EEG spectral power changes during the periods between seizures. Methods. Thirty-nine patients (29 females, 10 males) diagnosed with PNES (group 1) and 47 patients (23 females, 24 males) without any psychiatric diagnosis (group 2) were included in the study. The patients underwent a psychiatric examination at their first visit, were diagnosed and their EEGs were recorded. Using fast Fourier transformation (FFT), spectral power analysis was calculated for delta (0.5-4 Hz), theta (4-8 Hz), alpha (8-13 Hz), beta (15-30 Hz), high-beta (25-30 Hz), gamma-1 (31-40 Hz), gamma-2 (41-50 Hz), and gamma (30-80 Hz) frequency bands. Results. Six separate EEG band power, namely (C3-high beta, C3-gamma, C3-gamma-1, C3-gamma-2, P3-gamma, P3 gamma-1), were found to be higher in the patients diagnosed with PNES than in the control group. Conclusion. Our findings show that PNES correlate with high-frequency oscillations on central motor and somatosensory cortices. ER  - 
An Observational Retrospective Study Investigating Changes in Seizure Adequacy Parameters of Electroconvulsive Therapy and Their Relationships to Clinical Outcome in Schizophrenia and Schizoaffective Disorder$$$ The aim of the current study was to investigate a possible relationship between electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) seizure adequacy parameters and clinical outcome as well as differences between ECT responders and nonresponders in terms of ECT seizure parameters in patients diagnosed with schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. First and last ECT records data, sociodemographic variables, and baseline and post ECT Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale scores were obtained. Maximum sustained power was higher in last ECT in favor of responders while peak heart rate was higher in ECT nonresponders than responders in first ECT. Stimulus doses were higher in last ECT than in the first ECT in both groups. No predictor variable was observed among baseline ECT seizure parameters for clinical improvement. Study was insufficient to yield a precise finding pointing a relationship between electrophysiological seizure parameters and clinical outcome in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. ER  - 
MOG-IgG1 and co-existence of neuronal autoantibodies$$$ Background: The presence of co-existent neuronal antibodies (neuronal-IgG) in patients with myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein immunoglobulin G (MOG-IgG1) is not yet well understood. Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the co-existence of a broad range of neuronal-IgG in MOG-IgG1+ patients. Methods: MOG-IgG1+ patients were tested for 17 neuronal-IgGs in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and serum including NMDA-R-IgG, AMPA-R-IgG, GABAB-R-IgG, LGI1-IgG, CASPR2-IgG, GABAA-R-IgG, GAD65-IgG, mGLUR1-IgG, DPPX-IgG, CRMP5-IgG, amphiphysin-IgG, PCA1,2,Tr, and ANNA1,2,3. Clinical and radiological features of MOG-IgG1+ with NMDA-R-IgG in CSF were compared to a control cohort of MOG-IgG1+ patients without NMDA-R-IgG. Results: A total of 376 MOG-IgG1+ patients underwent testing for neuronal-IgGs. Serum testing for neuronal-IgGs (113 adults, 142 children) identified one child with NMDA-R-IgG (0.7%), one child with CASPR2-IgG (0.7%), one adult with LGI1-IgG (0.9%) and one adult with GABAA-R-IgG (0.9%). CSF testing for neuronal-IgGs (97 adults, 169 children) identified seven children (4%) and seven adults (7%) with NMDA-R-IgG, and one adult with GABAA-R-IgG (1%). The MOG-IgG1+/NMDA-R-IgG+ patients had a median age of 17 (range: 2–39) years. Features associated with MOG-IgG1+/NMDA-R-IgG+ included encephalopathy (p = 0.001), seizures (p = 0.045), and leptomeningeal enhancement (p = 0.045). Conclusion: NMDA-R-IgG was the most frequently detected neuronal-IgG to co-exist with MOG-IgG1. MOG-IgG1+/NMDA-R-IgG+ patients most often presented with encephalopathy and seizures. Testing for MOG-IgG1 and NMDA-R-IgG may be warranted in patients with encephalopathy and inflammatory demyelinating syndromes. ER  - 
Long-Term Effects of Self-Administered Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Episodic Migraine Prevention: Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Migraine is a multifactorial neurovascular disorder, which affects about 12% of the general population. In episodic migraine, the visual cortex revealed abnormal processing, most likely due to decreased preactivation level. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is able to modify cortical excitability and might result in an alleviation of migraine occurrence if used repetitively. Objective: To test the hypothesis that self-administered anodal tDCS over the visual cortex significantly decreases the number of monthly migraine days in episodic migraine. Materials and Methods: The study was single-blind, randomized, and sham-controlled. Inclusion criteria were age 18–80 years and an ICHD-3 diagnosis of episodic migraine. Exclusion criteria were pregnancy, presence of a neurodegenerative disorder, a contraindication against MRI examinations, and less than two migraine days during the 28-day baseline period. Patients in whom the baseline period suggested chronic migraine were excluded. After baseline, participants applied daily either verum (anodal-1 mA to 20 min) or sham tDCS (anodal-1 mA to 30 sec) at Oz (reference Cz electrode) for 28 days. Headache diaries were used to record the number of migraine days at baseline, during the stimulation period, and during four subsequent 28-day periods. Results: Twenty-eight patients were included; two were excluded after the baseline period because less than two migraine days occurred; three were excluded because their headache diaries suggested the diagnosis of chronic migraine. Twenty-three datasets were taken for further analysis. Compared to sham tDCS (n = 12), verum tDCS (n = 11) resulted in a lower number of migraine days (p = 0.010) across all follow-up periods. We found no significant change in total headache days (p = 0.165), anxiety (p = 0.884), or depression scores (p = 0.535). No serious adverse events occurred; minor side effects were similar in both groups. Conclusions: This study provides Class II evidence that self-administered anodal tDCS over the visual cortex in episodic migraine results in a significantly lower number of monthly migraine days. However, it has neither an immediate nor a long-term effect. ER  - 
The effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on depression, anxiety, and stress in patients with epilepsy: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a chronic disorder that affects both sexes and causes some physiological and psychological disabilities. The present study aimed to examine the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on the psychological profile of patients with epilepsy. Methods: The design of the present study was a randomized clinical trial with a pretest-posttest and a control group. The statistical population comprised patients with epilepsy, who were referred for treatment to a private health center in Urmia in 2019. The sample consisted of 30 patients with epilepsy selected via the convenience sampling method. Data collection was performed through the use of the Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Scale-21 (DASS-21) questionnaire. After the pretest, 15 subjects were randomly assigned to the intervention group, and 15 subjects were placed in the control group. The intervention was performed in 10 sessions, and the duration of stimulation was 20 minutes. The anode was placed in the F3 region (left hemisphere), the cathode in the F4 (right hemisphere), and the current intensity was 1.5 mA. After the intervention, the posttest was conducted for both groups, and the data were analyzed using a univariate covariance analysis in the SPSS software, version 23. A P value of less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: The results of the ANCOVA analyses revealed significant differences between the intervention and control groups. The tDCS group represented a significant decrease in the scales of depression, anxiety, and stress in the posttest in comparison with the pretest (P≤0.001). Conclusion: The results showed that tDCS could reduce depression, anxiety, and stress with the changes caused in the brain system. Trial Registration Number: IRCT20190803044417N1. ER  - 
Management challenges in patients with comorbid COVID-19 associated delirium and serious mental illness – A case series$$$ Background: There is still a lot unknown about the novel Coronavirus Disease 19 (COVID-19) and its effects in humans. This pandemic has posed several challenging clinical situations to healthcare providers. Objective: We hope to highlight the distinctive challenges that COVID-19 presents in patients with serious mental illness and what steps primary medical teams can take to co-manage these patients with the psychiatry consultants. Methods: We present a retrospective chart review of four patients who were on psychotropic polypharmacy and admitted to our hospital from the same long-term psychiatric facility with COVID-19 delirium and other associated medical complications. Results: We illustrate how the primary medical teams and psychiatrists collaborated in clinical diagnosis, treatment, and management. Conclusions: Patients with serious mental illness and COVID-19 infection require active collaboration between primary medical teams and psychiatrists for diagnostic clarification, reduction of psychotropic polypharmacy to avoid adverse effects and drug-drug interactions, prevention of psychiatric decompensation, and active management of agitation while balancing staff and patient safety concerns. ER  - 
Examining frequent emergency department use among children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder$$$ We analyze the 2011–2016 Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Emergency Department Databases and State Inpatient Databases for all emergency department visits by children and adolescents in New York to estimate the association between autism spectrum disorder and frequent emergency department utilization. Our study included 5.9 million individuals with 9.1 million emergency department visits. Of those, 31,682 had autism spectrum disorder (0.5%) accounting for 66,053 (0.7%) emergency department visits. Individuals with autism spectrum disorder had on average 0.6 more emergency department visits per year, were more likely to exhibit frequent emergency department use (⩾4, ⩾6, ⩾8, and ⩾10 emergency department visits/year), and had larger shares of comorbidities and diagnoses related to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, intellectual disability, and epilepsy. These findings highlight the need for patient and family-centered care interventions and emergency department staff education initiatives. Lay abstract: This study used data for 5.9 million individuals with 9.1 million emergency department visits from all hospitals in the state of New York to explore frequent emergency department use between children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders and those without autism spectrum disorders. We found that children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders had larger shares of comorbidities and diagnoses related to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, intellectual disability, and epilepsy. Children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders were also more likely to utilize emergency departments and to exhibit frequent use. These results emphasize the need for using family-centered care to improve the care experiences of children and youth with autism spectrum disorders and their families. In addition, the education of emergency department staff of processes and practices as it relates to delivery of care and the care experience. ER  - 
Epilepsy in adult patients with tuberous sclerosis complex$$$ Objectives: Little is known about the evolution of epilepsy in individuals with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) in adulthood. This study aims at describing the characteristics of epilepsy in adult TSC patients attending a single multidisciplinary clinic. Materials and Methods: We collected data about epilepsy (age at onset, seizure types, history of infantile spasms (IS), epilepsy diagnosis and outcome), genetic and neuroradiological findings, cognitive outcome and psychiatric comorbidities. Results: Out of 257 adults with TSC, 183 (71.2%) had epilepsy: 121 (67.2%) were drug-resistant; 59 (32.8%) seizure-free, at a median age of 18 years. 22% of the seizure-free patients (13/59) discontinued medication. Median age at seizure onset was 9 months. Seventy-six patients (41.5%) had a history of IS. TSC2 pathogenic variants (p = 0.018), cortical tubers (p < 0.001) and subependymal nodules (SENs) (p < 0.001) were more frequent in those who developed epilepsy. Cognitive functioning was lower (p < 0.001) and psychiatric disorders more frequent (p = 0.001). We did not find significant differences regarding age, gender, mutation and tubers/SENs in seizure-free vs drug-resistant individuals. Intellectual disability (p < 0.001) and psychiatric disorders (p = 0.004) were more common among drug-resistant patients. Conclusions: Epilepsy in TSC can be a lifelong disorder, but one-third of individuals reach seizure freedom by early adulthood. In the long term, age at epilepsy onset has a crucial role in drug resistance and in developing intellectual disability, both in drug-resistant and drug-sensible patients. Patients with drug-refractory seizures tend to develop psychiatric issues, which should be recognized and adequately treated. ER  - 
Durability of Cardiometabolic Outcomes Among Adolescents After Sleeve Gastrectomy: First Study with 9-Year Follow-up$$$ Background: Long-term durability of weight loss and comorbidity resolution beyond 7 years after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG) among adolescents is completely lacking. Methods: Retrospective review of adolescents aged ≤ 18 years who underwent primary LSG at our institution between 2011 and 2015 (N = 146). We assessed anthropometric and cardiometabolic outcomes at 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9 years. Results: Follow-up rates were 57.53%, 82.87%, 85.24%, 83.92%, and 83.33% at the five time points. The preoperative mean body mass index (BMI) (45.60 ± 6.50 kg/m2) decreased at year 1 (30.04 ± 4.96 kg/m2, P=0.001) and was maintained up to 9 years (30.20 ± 3.92 kg/m2, P = 0.001). Remission rates were triglycerides, 100% (11/11) at 5 years, and 100% (1/1) at 9 years; high density lipoprotein, 89.4% (17/19) at 5 years, and 100% (3/3) at 7 years; low density lipoprotein, 71.4% (11/14) and 100% (3/3) at 5 and 7 years; total cholesterol, 70% (7/10) at 5 years, and 100% (2/2) at 9 years; uric acid, 100% (3/3) at 5 years. Remission of liver enzymes was 84.6–100% (22/26–2/2) at 5–9 years. Prediabetes remission was 87.5% (14/16 and 7/8) at 5 and 7 years and 100% (3/3) at year 9. Type 2 diabetes complete remission was 50% (3/6, 1/2) at years 5 and 7, with all cases resolved at 9 years. The only case of hypertension completely resolved. Conclusions: LSG achieved substantial weight loss and remission of cardiometabolic risk factors that were sustained on the long term. This is the first study among adolescents to assess such outcomes beyond 7 years. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of general anesthesia deep brain stimulation for dystonia: an individual patient data meta-analysis of 341 cases$$$ Objective: The efficacy and safety of deep brain stimulation (DBS) under general anesthesia for the treatment of dystonia have not yet been confirmed with high level of evidence. This meta-analysis with pooled individual patient data aims to assess the clinical outcomes and identify the potential prognostic factors of dystonia patients who underwent general anesthesia DBS. Methods: We searched PubMed, Web of Science, and Embase for articles describing patients with dystonia who underwent asleep DBS and had individual Burke–Fahn-Marsden Dystonia Rating Scale (BFMDRS) scores. The relative improvement in BFMDRS scores was considered the primary outcome. Pearson correlation analyses and multivariate linear regression analysis were conducted to explore the prognostic factors. Results: A total of 34 studies involving 341 patients were included. The mean postoperative improvement in BFMDRS-M (BFMDRS movement subscale) and BFMDRS-D (BFMDRS disability subscale) scores were 58.6±36.2% and 48.5±38.7% at the last follow-up visit, respectively, with a mean follow-up time of 22.4±27.6 months. Age at surgery and disease duration showed a negative correlation with the percent improvement of BFMDRS-M (%) at the last visit (r=−0.134, P=0.013; r=−0.165, P=0.006). In the stepwise multivariate regression, only disease duration remained a relevant factor. Additionally, the adverse events were acceptable. Conclusion: General anesthesia DBS is a safe, effective, and feasible option for dystonia patients in the long term. Shorter disease duration predicts better clinical outcomes. ER  - 
QT effects of bedaquiline, delamanid, or both in patients with rifampicin-resistant tuberculosis: a phase 2, open-label, randomised, controlled trial$$$ Background: Bedaquiline and delamanid are the first drugs of new classes registered for tuberculosis treatment in 40 years. Each can prolong the QTc interval, with maximum effects occurring weeks after drug initiation. The cardiac safety and microbiological activity of these drugs when co-administered are not well-established. Our aim was to characterise the effects of bedaquiline, delamanid, or both on the QTc interval, longitudinally over 6 months of multidrug treatment, among patients with multidrug-resistant or rifampicin-resistant tuberculosis taking multidrug background therapy. Methods: ACTG A5343 is a phase 2, open-label, randomised, controlled trial in which adults with multidrug-resistant or rifampicin-resistant tuberculosis receiving multidrug background treatment were randomly assigned 1:1:1 by centrally, computer-generated randomisation, by means of permuted blocks to receive bedaquiline, delamanid, or both for 24 weeks. Participants were enrolled at TASK in Cape Town and the South African Tuberculosis Vaccine Initiative in Worcester, both in South Africa, and Hospital Maria Auxiliadora in Peru. Individuals with QTc greater than 450 ms were excluded. HIV-positive participants received dolutegravir-based antiretroviral therapy. Clofazimine was disallowed, and levofloxacin replaced moxifloxacin. ECG in triplicate and sputum cultures were done fortnightly. The primary endpoint was mean QTcF change from baseline (averaged over weeks 8–24); cumulative culture conversation at week 8-24 was an exploratory endpoint. Analyses included all participants who initiated study tuberculosis treatment (modified intention-to-treat population). This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02583048 and is ongoing. Findings: Between Aug 26, 2016 and July 13, 2018, of 174 screened, 84 participants (28 in each treatment group, and 31 in total with HIV) were enrolled. Two participants did not initiate study treatment (one in the delamanid group withdrew consent and one in the bedaquiline plus delamanid group) did not meet the eligibility criterion). Mean change in QTc from baseline was 12·3 ms (95% CI 7·8–16·7; bedaquiline), 8·6 ms (4·0–13·1; delamanid), and 20·7 ms (16·1–25·3) (bedaquiline plus delamanid). There were no grade 3 or 4 adverse QTc prolongation events and no deaths during study treatment. Cumulative culture conversion by week 8 was 21 (88%) of 24 (95% CI 71–97; bedaquiline), 20 (83%) of 24 (65–95; delamanid), and 19 (95%) of 20 (79–100; bedaquiline plus delamanid) and was 92% (77–99) for bedaquiline, 91% (76–99), for delamanid, and 95% (79–100) for bedaquiline plus delamanid at 24 weeks. Interpretation: Combining bedaquiline and delamanid has a modest, no more than additive, effect on the QTc interval, and initial microbiology data are encouraging. This study provides supportive evidence for use of these agents together in patients with multidrug-resistant or rifampicin-resistant tuberculosis with normal baseline QTc values. Funding: Division of AIDS, National Institutes of Health. ER  - 
Evaluating implementation of a consult to reduce new combination opioid and benzodiazepine prescriptions at the San Francisco Veterans Affairs Health Care System$$$ Introduction: National guidelines recommend against initiating concurrent opioids and benzodiazepines due to opioid overdose risk; however, limited evidence exists evaluating implementation strategies. The San Francisco Veterans Affairs Health Care System implemented an electronic clinical pharmacy specialist consult to evaluate new combination opioid and benzodiazepine requests. Reviewing pharmacists often recommend alternative therapies and safety strategies. Objectives: The primary objective of this study evaluated the outcome of consults placed (approved, short-term approved, not approved, discontinued). Secondarily, types of recommendations made and implementation results after 1 month (implemented by prescriber, offered but patient declined, or not implemented) were evaluated. Methods: A retrospective electronic medical record review was completed for all consults requesting new combination opioids and benzodiazepines from February 19, 2016 to June 25, 2019. Descriptive statistics evaluated the consult request, treatment indication, and consult outcome. Linear regression evaluated the relationship between recommendations and number implemented. Results: A total of 121 consults were placed and not approved (41%), discontinued (31%), short-term approved (23%), or approved (5%). A total of 95 consults (79%) had ≥1 recommendation, and the most common were non-benzodiazepine medication alternatives (42%), patient education (37%), and behavioral therapy (34%). Among those, 51% had ≥1 recommendation implemented, and the most common were patient education (36%), non-benzodiazepine medication alternatives (29%), and specialty team referral (32%). Number of recommendations significantly predicted the number implemented by providers (P <.001). Conclusion: Implementation of an electronic opioid and benzodiazepine new start consult evaluated by clinical pharmacy specialists resulted in a low rate of approval, reducing use of this risky combination. Among consults with ≥1 recommendation made, the implementation rate was high at >50%. Providing a variety of ≥5 recommendations increased the likelihood of implementation. Future research should examine the impact on reducing opioid-related adverse events and engaging in recommended treatment alternatives. ER  - 
Improved outcomes associated with maximal extent of resection for butterfly glioblastoma: insights from institutional and national data$$$ Background: Butterfly glioblastomas (bGBMs) are grade IV gliomas that infiltrate the corpus callosum and spread to bilateral cerebral hemispheres. Due to the rarity of cases, there is a dearth of information in existing literature. Herein, we evaluate clinical and genetic characteristics, associated predictors, and survival outcomes in an institutional series and compare them to a national cohort. Methods: We identified all adult patients with bGBM treated at Brigham & Women’s Hospital (2008–2018). The National Cancer Database (NCDB) was also queried for bGBM patients. Survival was analyzed with Kaplan–Meier methods, and Cox models were built to assess for predictive factors. Results: Of 993 glioblastoma patients, 62 cases (6.2%) of bGBM were identified. Craniotomy for resection was attempted in 26 patients (41.9%), with a median volumetric extent of resection (vEOR) of 72.3% (95% confidence interval [95%CI] 58.3–82.1). The IDH1 R132H mutation was detected in two patients (3.2%), and MGMT promoter was methylated in 55.5% of the assessed cases. In multivariable regression, factors predictive of longer OS were increased vEOR, MGMT promoter methylation, and receipt of adjuvant therapy. Median OS for the resected cases was 11.5 months (95%CI 7.7–18.8) vs. 6.3 (95%CI 5.1–8.9) for the biopsied. Of 21,353 GBMs, 719 (3.37%) bGBM patients were identified in the NCDB. Resection was more likely to be pursued in recent years, and GTR was independently associated with prolonged OS (p < 0.01). Conclusion: Surgical resection followed by adjuvant chemoradiation is associated with significant survival gains and should be pursued in carefully selected bGBM patients. ER  - 
Non-life-threatening adverse effects with COVID-19 mRNA-1273 vaccine: A randomized, cross-sectional study on healthcare workers with detailed self-reported symptoms$$$ There are concerns regarding the side effects of the new coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) mRNA-1273 vaccine among healthcare workers (HCWs) in the United States. The objective of the study was to investigate the side effects of the mRNA-1273 vaccine with detailed review of organ systems. A randomized, cross-sectional study using an independent online survey questionnaire was conducted to collect responses from HCWs. Of all participants, 87.8% (1116/1271) provided complete responses. Of them, 38.7% (432/1116) received the mRNA-1273 vaccine, among which, 89.35% were females; 425 of these 432 mRNA-1273 vaccine recipients (98.34%) reported at least one or more symptoms. The results were classified based on the frequency of symptoms reported postvaccination. Of these, 254/432 (58.8%) were able to continue their daily routine activities. 108/432 (25%) temporarily had trouble to perform daily activities, 120/432 (27.78%) required transient time off from work, 17/432 (3.94%) required help from an outpatient provider, 1/432 (0.23%) required help from emergency department, and none of them were hospitalized. Despite the wide array of self-reported symptoms, 97.02% of the HCWs did not intend to skip the second dose of vaccine. Among all the symptoms reported, localized pain, generalized weakness, headache, myalgia, chills, fever, nausea, joint pains, sweating, localized swelling at the injection site, dizziness, itching, rash, decreased appetite, muscle spasm, decreased sleep quality, and brain fogging were the most commonly reported symptoms (in descending order of occurrence). Most of the symptoms reported were nonlife threatening. Despite the wide array of self-reported symptoms, there appears to be a higher acceptance for this vaccine. ER  - 
Baseline characteristics of systemic lupus erythematosus patients included in the Lupus Italian Registry of the Italian Society for Rheumatology$$$ Objective: To report baseline data of SLE patients enrolled in the Lupus Italian Registry (LIRE). Methods: Patients affected by SLE aged ≥ 16 years were consecutively recruited in a multicenter prospective study comparing two cohorts: patients starting biologic immunosuppressants (BC) and patients starting non-biologic immunosuppresants (NBC). Results: 308 patients were enrolled, 179 in NBC and 129 in BC. Mean age at disease onset and at diagnosis was significantly higher in NBC (p = 0.023, p = 0.045, respectively). Disease duration was longer in BC (p = 0.022). Patients in BC presented arthritis more frequently (p = 0.024), those in NBC nephropathy (p = 0.03). Quality of life was worse in BC (p = 0.031). Anti-dsDNA, low C3, were significantly more frequent in BC (p < 0.001, p = 0.009, respectively). Mycophenolate, methotrexate and azathioprine were the drugs more frequently prescribed in NBC, Belimumab and Rituximab in BC. Conclusion: The predominant organ involvement was different in the two cohorts: kidney involvement predominated in NBC, joint involvement in BC. Despite the younger age at disease onset, patients of the BC had a longer disease duration and more frequently had taken a cumulative prednisone dosage greater than 10 g. Even the pattern of clinical manifestations inducing to prescribe biological rather than conventional immunosuppressants was quite different. Keywords: Autoantibody(ies), autoimmune disease, belimumab, cohort studies, glucocorticoids, immunosuppressants, rituximab, systemic lupus erythematosus. ER  - 
Medium-term effects of COVID-19 pandemic on epilepsy: A follow-up study$$$ Objective: To analyze the medium-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on epilepsy patients, focusing on psychological effects and seizure control. Methods: Prospective follow-up study to evaluate the medium-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on a cohort of epilepsy patients from a tertiary hospital previously surveyed during the first peak of the pandemic. Between July 1, 2020, and August 30, 2020, the patients answered an online 19-item questionnaire, HADS, and PSIQ scales. Short- and medium-term effects of the pandemic confinement and the perception of telemedicine were compared. Results: 153 patients completed the questionnaire, mean ± SD age, 47.6 ± 19.3 years; 49.7% women. Depression was reported by 43 patients, significantly more prevalent than in the short-term analysis (29.2% vs. 19.7%; p =.038). Anxiety (38.1% vs. 36.1%; p = 0.749) and insomnia (28.9% vs. 30.9%, p =.761) remained highly prevalent. Seventeen patients reported an increase in seizure frequency (11.1% vs. 9.1%, p =.515). The three factors independently associated with an increase in seizure frequency in the medium term were drug-resistant epilepsy (odds ratio [OR] = 8.2, 95% CI 2.06–32.52), depression (OR = 6.46, 95% CI 1.80–23.11), and a reduction in income (OR = 5.47, 95% CI 1.51–19.88). A higher proportion of patients found telemedicine unsatisfactory (11.2% vs. 2.4%), and a lower percentage (44.8% vs. 56.8%) found it very satisfactory (p =.005). Conclusions: Depression rates increased significantly after the first wave. Depression, drug-resistant epilepsy, and a reduction in family income were independent risk factors for an increased seizure frequency. Perception of telemedicine worsened, indicating need for re-adaptation. ER  - 
An Open-Label Phase 2a Study to Evaluate the Safety and Tolerability of Perampanel in Cervical Dystonia$$$ Background: Cervical dystonia (CD) is the most common focal isolated dystonia. Preclinical studies report that AMPA-selective glutamate receptor antagonists improve dystonia. Perampanel is a clinically available, AMPA receptor antagonist that has shown efficacy and safety in epilepsy. Objectives: To determine safety and tolerability of perampanel in CD. Methods: We performed a phase 2a, open-label, multicenter study to evaluate tolerability and safety of perampanel in CD. Included subjects had primary CD; those on botulinum toxin were 8 weeks post last injection. All subjects received perampanel 2 mg/day, titrated 2 mg weekly over 6 weeks, to maximum 12 mg/day; maintenance phase was 4 weeks, ending at week 10. Primary endpoints included tolerability, defined as ability to remain on perampanel for the maintenance period, at any dose level and safety, determined from adverse events (AEs) collected at each visit. Secondary exploratory endpoints included Toronto Western Spasmodic Torticollis Rating Scale (TWSTRS), quality of life (cervical dystonia impact profile [CIDP]-58) and Clinical Global Impression of change (CGI). Results: CD participants (n = 25) were recruited. Eight subjects withdrew; 4 because of AEs, 3 for other reasons and 1 lost to follow up. One subject tolerated 12 mg/day. Eight subjects (30.8%) tolerated 2 mg, whereas 19.2% tolerated 4 mg/day, and 15.4% tolerated 6 mg or 8 mg/day. All subjects experienced AEs. The most common AEs were dizziness, imbalance, and irritability. Exploratory endpoints of TWSTRS showed some improved pain scores and CIDP-58 improved sleep. Conclusions: Tolerability to perampanel was variable in CD subjects. Lower doses would be considered for future studies in this population. ER  - 
Precocious puberty as a consequence of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis in children$$$ Background: Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor encephalitis is one of the most common autoimmune encephalitis in children. Most children recovered well after anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis. However, the NMDA receptor network functions are critical for the developing brain in children. The long-term consequences in pediatric patients of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis are very infrequently reported. Methods: This case series study retrospectively enrolled 10 children aged below 18 years old with antibody-proved anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis in a tertiary medical center from 2010 to 2019. Long-term neurological consequences of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis in children were followed. Results: One boy and nine girls were enrolled with a median onset age of 3.6 years. The most common initial presentation was verbal reduction and psychiatric symptoms soon after some flu-like prodromal symptoms. Nearly all patients then developed decreased level of consciousness, mutism, seizures and orofacial-lingual dyskinesia. Autonomic instability occurred in 5 patients, particularly in pre-pubertal children. Only one adolescent patient had ovarian teratoma. All patients survived after immunotherapy and were followed for 5.8 ± 3.3 years after discharge. Four had epilepsy within 2 years after encephalitis, four had a cognitive deficit, one had mild psychiatric symptoms of hallucination, and none had residual involuntary movements. Moreover, two pre-pubertal children developed central precocious puberty about 3 years after encephalitis, and one required gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist treatment. Conclusion: Central precocious puberty could be a consequence of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis in the pre-pubertal children. The pediatrician should pay attention to its occurrence at follow-up. ER  - 
Long-term epilepsy control, motor function, cognition, sleep and quality of life in children with West syndrome$$$ Purpose: To assess epilepsy, motor function, cognitive, sleep, and quality of life outcomes and their predictors in a follow-up cohort with West syndrome (WS) at ≥5 years of age. Methods: Cross-sectional evaluation in a follow-up cohort of WS (aged 5–14 years), between July 2018 and December 2019, was performed at a tertiary-care referral center in Northern India. 164 children were assessed in-person for epilepsy severity, functional status (gross motor and hand function), social quotient, behavioral comorbidities, sleep problems, and quality of life (QoL) using Early Childhood Epilepsy Severity Scale, Gross Motor Function Classification System, Manual Ability Classification System, Vineland Social Maturity Scale, Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental disorders-5 criteria, Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire, and PedsQL-Epilepsy module respectively. Furthermore, 238 children with the inability to visit the hospital were assessed through telephonic interview along with retrospective case record review for epilepsy control, gross and fine motor measures. Results: 402 children with WS (75 % boys) with regular follow-up were studied and the majority (80 %) had underlying structural etiology. The median age (interquartile range) of the cohort was 92 (78–107) months. Of these, 60 % had evolved to Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS). The following long-term outcomes were observed: ongoing epilepsy (261/402), unfavorable motor status (130/402), moderate to profound intellectual disability (111/164), autistic spectrum disorder (42/164), attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (18/164), poor sleep (135/164), and impaired QoL (115/164). Non-structural etiology (odds ratio [OR] = 3.8, 95 % confidence interval [CI]: 2.1−5.5, p=<0·0001) and older age (>5 months) at the onset of epileptic spasms (OR = 2·9, 95 % CI: 1.5−5.0, p=<0·0001) were associated with enduring seizure freedom for more than two years. Conclusion: The present study revealed a preponderance of structural etiology and a high rate of transition to LGS. Early age at onset of spasms (before five months) and structural etiology were the predictors of unfavorable long-term epilepsy outcome. QoL was impaired in more than two-thirds of patients and it correlated significantly with cognitive, sleep, motor, and behavioral outcomes. However, the results of our study should be interpreted in the context of significant attrition of the original cohort. ER  - 
Psychotic symptoms in drug resistant epilepsy patients after cortical stimulation$$$ Purpose: The use of invasive EEG (iEEG) recordings before epilepsy surgery has increased as more complex focal epilepsies are evaluated. Psychotic symptoms (PS) during iEEG have been scarcely reviewed. We aim to report our series of patients with psychotic symptoms (PS) brought about by cortical stimulation (CS) and to identify triggers. Methods: Retrospective cohort of patients who underwent iEEG and CS. We report patients who developed delusional thinking and/or disorganized behaviour within 24 h after CS. Exclusion criteria were primary psychiatric disorders or absence of CS. Results: We evaluated 32 (SEEG 23; subdural 9) patients with a median age of 38 years, 6 with PS. Patients underwent 2586 stimulations over 1130 contacts. Age at CS was significantly higher in patients with PS. Temporal lobe epilepsy was significantly more often documented in patients with PS (χ2: 3.94; p< 0.05). We found no correlation between stimulation of the limbic system and development of psychosis. Four (66.7 %) patients were stimulated in the non-dominant limbic system and developed psychosis compared to 7 (27 %) who did not [χ2: 3.41; p= 0.06].Epilepsy duration was significantly higher in PS patients (p=0.002). Patients with history of postictal psychosis were twice more likely to experience PS(p=0.04). Conclusions: PS may arise more frequently in patients with PIP history, older age and longer epilepsy duration. The neurobiology and physiology of psychosis, that may share common mechanisms with epilepsy, is yet to be identified but we hypothesize that it may be triggered by CS due to alteration of brain networks dynamics. ER  - 
Acceptance of disability predicts quality of life in patients with epilepsy$$$ Background: Acceptance of disability (AOD) is a key concept in rehabilitation psychology that enhances psychosocial adjustment of individuals with disability. However, the impact of AOD on well-being has never been examined for patients with epilepsy. The present study investigated whether AOD affects quality of life (QOL) in patients with epilepsy in the presence of other multiple aspects of epilepsy based on the biopsychosocial model. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed 151 consecutive patients with epilepsy (77 men, aged 18–74 years) who underwent comprehensive assessment including long-term video-EEG monitoring, neuroimaging studies, and neuropsychological and psychosocial assessment in our epilepsy monitoring unit. Data were obtained from medical records and self-reported questionnaires. The outcome variable was QOL. Predictive variables included demographic characteristics, seizure-related variables (i.e., duration of epilepsy, seizure frequency, and number of antiepileptic drugs), psychological factors (i.e., AOD, depression, and self-stigma), and social factors (i.e., social support and education level). Acceptance of disability was measured by the Adaptation of Disability Scale-Revised (ADS-R), which we translated into Japanese with the original author's approval, and examined its internal consistency reliability. Data were analyzed using four hierarchical multiple regression analysis models. Results: The mean ADS-R score was 80 (range 45–115). The predictors accounted for 42% of the variance in QOL (R2 = 0.45, ΔR2 = 0.42, F[8, 141] = 14.47, p = 0.00). Higher AOD (p < 0.01), higher social support (p < 0.01), and lower depression scores (p = 0.02) were found to contribute significantly to higher overall QOL. Conclusion: The present study revealed AOD as an important psychological concept, in addition to social support and depression as previously reported, to improve the QOL of patients with epilepsy. Acceptance of disability should be incorporated in the intervention to increase QOL of patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Long-term safety, efficacy, and tolerability of levetiracetam in pediatric patients with epilepsy in Uygur, China: A retrospective analysis$$$ Purpose: Levetiracetam is approved as an add-on therapy to treat refractory partial seizures in pediatric patients over four years old. The efficacy and safety in pediatric patients with epilepsy in Uygur, China, is unknown. Therefore, the objective of this study was to investigate the safety, efficacy, and tolerability of levetiracetam in pediatric patients with epilepsy in Uygur, China. Methods: This retrospective study compared the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam monotherapy and in combination with other antiseizure medications (ASMs) in 1055 pediatric patients with epilepsy treated with levetiracetam. The seizure frequencies at 1, 2, and 3 years after starting levetiracetam therapy were recorded and compared with the baseline yearly frequency. Safety variables included the incidence and type of adverse reactions. Results: A total of 680 (64%) pediatric patients responded to levetiracetam therapy with a more than 50% reduction in the frequency of seizures. Seizure-free rates increased over time, 13%, 15%, and 18% at 1, 2, and 3 years, respectively. The number of baseline ASMs and the order of levetiracetam introduction were highly significant, impacting the likelihood of seizure remission during a 3-year follow-up period (p < 0.001). During levetiracetam treatment, 233 pediatric patients (22%) experienced at least one adverse reaction. Conclusion: These significant findings indicate that levetiracetam is likely to become a widely prescribed ASM for epilepsy in pediatric clinical practice because of its long-term safety, efficacy, and tolerability. ER  - 
Psychiatric and cognitive characteristics of older adults admitted to a Video-EEG monitoring (VEM) unit$$$ Objective: To compare the clinical, psychiatric, and cognitive characteristics of older with younger patients presenting to a video-EEG monitoring (VEM) unit. Method: This was a retrospective case–control study involving patients admitted for VEM over a two-year period (from April 2018 to April 2020) at two comprehensive epilepsy units. Patients were categorized into an older (≥60 years) and a younger (<60 years) group. Younger patients were individually matched to older adults to form a matched younger group. Diagnosis was determined by a consensus opinion of epileptologists, neurologists, and neuropsychiatrists. The main diagnostic categories were epilepsy, psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), and ‘other’ diagnosis (non-diagnostic and other nonepileptic diagnoses). Clinical psychiatric diagnoses were obtained from neuropsychiatric reports. Objective cognitive function was measured with the Neuropsychiatry Unit Cognitive Assessment Tool (NUCOG). Subjective cognitive function was assessed using the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-89 (QOLIE-89) cognitive subscales. Results: Five-hundred and thirty three patients (71 older, 462 younger) aged 16–91 years were admitted to the VEM unit during the study period. There was a diagnosis of focal epilepsy in 55% of the older group and 48% of the younger group, generalized epilepsy in 3% of the older group and 10% of the younger group, and ‘other’ in 32% of the older group and 19% of the younger group. Ten percent (2 males and 5 females) of the older group were diagnosed with PNES compared to 22% of the younger group (p = 0.016). A depressive disorder was diagnosed in 34% of the older group and 24% of the younger group (p = 0.20). An anxiety disorder was diagnosed in 15% of the older group and 25% of the younger group (p = 0.15). Mild neurocognitive disorder was more common in the older group (34%) compared to the matched younger group (34% vs 3%, p < 0.001). The older group had lower mean NUCOG scores compared to the matched younger group (79.49 vs 87.73, p = <0.001). There was no evidence for a relationship between mean NUCOG score and overall subjective cognitive difficulties for the older group (r = 0.03, p = 0.83). Among older adults, those diagnosed with PNES had more experiences of childhood trauma. Measures of dissociation, depression, or general anxiety did not differ between PNES and non-PNES diagnoses in the older group. Conclusion: Psychiatric comorbidities are common among older adults admitted for VEM. The psychological impact of epilepsy and risk factors for PNES seen in younger patients are also applicable in the older group. The older group demonstrated more cognitive impairments than the younger group, although these were usually unrecognized by individuals. Older adults admitted to VEM will benefit from psychiatric and neuropsychological input to ensure a comprehensive care approach to evaluation and management. ER  - 
Is severe head injury associated with functional (psychogenic) seizures?$$$ Objectives: The aim of the current study was to compare the frequency of significant head injuries in three groups of people with seizures [idiopathic generalized epilepsies (IGE) vs. temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) vs. functional seizures (FS)]. Methods: This was a retrospective study. All patients with a diagnosis of IGE, TLE, or FS were recruited at the outpatient epilepsy clinic at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz, Iran, from 2008 until 2020. Results: One thousand and four hundred ninety-two patients were studied (559 patients with IGE, 646 people with TLE, and 287 persons with FS). Overall, 77 (5.2%) individuals of the studied people reported experiencing severe head injuries before the onset of their seizures [9 patients (1.6%) with IGE, 56 people (8.7%) with TLE, and 12 persons (4.2%) with FS; p = 0.0001]. Compared to people with IGE, the odds ratio of having a premorbid history of severe head injury in the FS group was 2.67 [95% Confidence Interval (CI): 1.11–6.40; p = 0.0280]. Compared to people with TLE, the odds ratio of having a premorbid history of severe head injury in the FS group was 0.46 (95% CI: 0.24–0.87; p = 0.0170). Conclusion: Severe head injury is significantly associated with FS. However, since head injury is also a significant risk factor for focal epilepsies, it may be necessary to ascertain the diagnosis of post-traumatic seizures by obtaing a detailed clinical history and also by performing video-EEG monitoring in order to adopt an appropriate treatment strategy in these patients. ER  - 
Predicting outcome of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures after diagnosis in an epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ Objective: To identify predictors of Psychogenic NonEpileptic Seizure (PNES) improvement and anti-seizure medication (ASM) discontinuation in patients with PNES only. Methods: This is a retrospective study of a consecutively enrolled cohort of 271 patients diagnosed with PNES by video-EEG (vEEG) telemetry in our Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) between May 2000 and February 2010. Patients with any possibility of past or present comorbid epilepsy based on clinical, EEG, and neuroimaging, or less than one year of follow-up after discharge were excluded. Results: A total of 109 subjects were included. The mean age at PNES onset was 33 (range 6–89), mean age at EMU admission was 38.3 (16–89.8), 70.6% were female mean video-EEG length was 6.1 days, and the median time of final follow-up 3.3 (CI 1.6–6.4) years. 51/108 patients (47.2%) reported a PNES decrease and 29 (26.8%) experienced PNES resolution. 59/73 (81.9%) subjects on ASM at the time of EMU admission were able to discontinue them by the final visit. On univariate analysis, patients whose PNES frequency improved were significantly younger at time of admission, more likely married or cohabiting, less likely unemployed, less likely to have migraine, and had a higher frequency of PNES. On hierarchical regression analysis, younger age and employment remained significant predictors of PNES improvement and resolution. Patients who achieved ASM discontinuation had significantly more children and subsequent EMU visits, were less likely to have history of minor head trauma immediately preceding PNES onset and structural brain lesions, experienced a greater reduction of ASMs during the EMU admission, and had a greater improvement of their PNES frequency at the final visit (p ≤ 0.05). On hierarchical regression analysis, higher number of children, absence of structural brain lesions, fewer ASMs at EMU discharge, and improvement of PNES frequency remained significant predictors of ASM discontinuation. Conclusion: The outcome of PNES is positively correlated with earlier age of diagnosis in an EMU, especially in patients with better social resources. Furthermore, discontinuation of ASM is more likely if the process is initiated during the EMU stay and in the absence of structural brain lesions. ER  - 
A novel scale for suspicion of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: development and accuracy$$$ Objective: : The differential diagnosis between epileptic and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) is challenging, yet suspicion of PNES is crucial to rethink treatment strategies and select patients for diagnostic confirmation through video EEG (VEEG). We developed a novel scale to prospectively suspect PNES. Methods: : First, we developed a 51-item scale in two steps, based upon literature review and panel expert opinion. A pilot study verified the applicability of the instrument, followed by a prospective evaluation of 158 patients (66.5% women, mean age 33 years) who were diagnosed for prolonged VEEG. Only epileptic seizures were recorded in 103 patients, and the other 55 had either isolated PNES or both types of seizures. Statistical procedures identified 15 items scored between 0 and 3 that best discriminated patients with and without PNES, with a high degree of consistency. Results: : Internal consistency reliability of the scale for suspicion of PNES was 0.77 with Cronbach's Alpha Coefficient and 0.95 with Rasch Item Reliability Index, and performance did not differ according to the patient's gender. For a cut-off score of 20 (of 45) points, area under the curve was 0.92 (95% IC: 0.87–0.96), with an accuracy of 87%, sensitivity of 89%, specificity of 85%, positive predictive value of 77%, and negative predictive value of 94% (95% IC) for a diagnosis of PNES. Conclusions: : The scale for suspicion of PNES (SS-PNES) has high accuracy to a reliable suspicion of PNES, helping with the interpretation of apparent seizure refractoriness, reframing treatment strategies, and streamlining referral for prolonged VEEG. ER  - 
Vulnerabilities associated with physical health conditions for emergency department utilization in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder$$$ Background: Adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) have been found to have higher emergency department (ED) utilization due to psychiatric crisis compared to adolescents without ASD. However, little attention has been given to identification of physical health risk factors specifically associated with ED utilization in this population. Method: This was a retrospective longitudinal study using the 2005–2014 MarketScan® claims database. We extracted a cohort of subjects with ASD, aged 12–21 and having a minimum of two full consecutive calendar years of enrollment. The outcome variable was a binary indictor of ED utilization during a calendar year. In addition to the univariate association analysis, we performed a multivariable logistic regression analysis to evaluate the independent effects of prior physical health conditions while adjusting for mental health conditions and other potential confounders. Results: Our study included 181,686 person-years of data from 63,886 subjects with ASD. The multivariable regression analysis showed that prior physical health conditions were associated with elevated risk for ED visit. In particular, prior injuries posted the highest risk of ED utilization (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 2.54; 95 % confidence interval [CI]: 2.35–2.75). Epilepsy and gastrointestinal (GI) problems were also found to be strongly associated with the increased ED utilization (epilepsy: 2.34; 2.10–2.60; GI problems: 2.16; 1.97–2.37). Conclusions: This study indicated that individuals with co-occurring physical health conditions appear to be at a high risk for ED visit in adolescents with ASD. These identified risk factors may serve as effective intervention points to refine current standards of care for this historically under-served population. ER  - 
The influence of the abundance and morphology of epileptiform discharges on diagnostic accuracy: How many spikes you need to spot in an EEG$$$ Objective: The operational definition of interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs) of the International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology (IFCN) described six morphological criteria. Our objective was to assess the impact of pattern-repetition in the EEG-recording, on the diagnostic accuracy of using the IFCN criteria. For clinical implementation, specificity over 95% was set as target. Methods: Interictal EEG-recordings of 20-minutes, containing sharp-transients, from 60 patients (30 with epilepsy and 30 with non-epileptic paroxysmal events) were evaluated by three experts, who first marked IEDs solely based on expert opinion, and then, independently from the first session evaluated the presence of the IFCN criteria for each sharp-transient. The gold standard was derived from long-term video-EEG recordings of the patientś habitual paroxysmal episodes. Results: Presence of at least one discharge fulfilling five criteria provided a specificity of 100% (sensitivity: 70%). For discharges fulfilling fewer criteria, a higher number of discharges was needed to keep the specificity over 95% (5 discharges, when only 3 criteria were fulfilled). A sequential combination of these sets of criteria and thresholds provided a specificity of 97% and sensitivity of 80%. Conclusions: Pattern-repetition and IED morphology influence diagnostic accuracy. Significance: Systematic application of these criteria will improve quality of clinical EEG interpretation. ER  - 
Comparative safety of antipsychotic medications in elderly stroke survivors: A nationwide claim data and stroke registry linkage cohort study$$$ Background: Antipsychotics remain the first choice of treatment for post-stroke psychosis, despite an increased risk of mortality reported in elderly patients. We aimed to compare the mortality risk among antipsychotics in elderly patients with stroke using the stroke registry for external adjustment. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study to identify patients aged above 65 years who were admitted for stroke in the National Health Insurance Database (NHID) from 2002 to 2014. The first date of antipsychotic use after the stroke hospitalization was defined as the index date. Covariates including diseases, medications and external information on smoking, BMI, stroke severity and disability, that were unavailable in the NHID were obtained from the linked Multicenter Stroke Registry (MSR) and used for propensity score calibration (PSC). The main outcome was one-year all-cause mortality. Results: Stroke patients in the NHID prescribed with haloperidol, quetiapine and risperidone numbered 22,235, 28,702 and 8 663, respectively. In the PSC-adjusted analyses, haloperidol [adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) = 1.22; 95% CI 1.18–1.27] and risperidone (aHR = 1.31; 95% CI 1.24–1.38) users had a higher mortality risk than quetiapine users. When the dosage was higher than 0.5 defined daily dose (DDD), haloperidol and risperidone users had a significant mortality risk as compared with those taking a lower dose. Conclusions: In post-stroke elderly patients, quetiapine would pose less mortality risk than risperidone and haloperidol at doses higher than 0.5 DDD. When haloperidol or risperidone is indicated, starting with a lower dose is suggested to avoid excess risk. ER  - 
Toxic epidermal necrolysis and Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis overlap in pediatric patients with a focus on newer antiepileptic drugs: A 25-year retrospective study at a single tertiary care center$$$ Background: Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis Syndrome (TEN) are rare immune-mediated diseases. Extensive research on adult triggers of SJS and TEN is available; however, research in children is more limited. Objective: We sought to investigate and report the experience with pediatric SJS and TEN in our center, identifying associated medications. Methods: A retrospective review from 1990 to 2015 at the Shriner's Burn Hospital in Galveston, Texas was performed to identify patients diagnosed with SJS, SJS/TEN overlap, and TEN. Data pertaining to demographic characteristics, medical history, physical exam, treatment, and outcomes were collected. Results: We identified SJS/TEN overlap or TEN in 51 patients. Antiepileptic drugs were the most common group of causative agents, closely followed by antibiotics. The most common causative agents were trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, phenytoin, and lamotrigine used concomitantly with valproic acid. Newer generation agents, with the definition of agents approved after 1990, were the cause in 13/51 (25.5%) cases. Newer generation agents included lamotrigine, clobazam, and zonisamide. Seven patients died, resulting in a 13.7% mortality rate. Renal failure, liver failure, sepsis, and gastrointestinal involvement each had a statistically significant association with mortality. SCORTEN was statistically significantly greater in patients who died compared to children who lived (3 vs 2). Limitations: This is a retrospective study. Conclusion: Three drugs introduced into the market since 1990 have emerged as causes of SJS/TEN overlap and TEN: lamotrigine, clobazam, and zonisamide. These medications are being used more widely to treat seizures, as well as mood disorders. It is also important for clinicians to be aware of the extremely commonly used medications such as amoxicillin, tetracyclines, NSAIDs, and acetaminophen that can rarely cause SJS and TEN. ER  - 
Incidence and prevalence of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in a Norwegian county: A 10-year population-based study$$$ Objective: This study was undertaken to measure the incidence and prevalence of active psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in a Norwegian county. Methods: Using the Norwegian patient registry, we identified patients in Møre and Romsdal County in Norway diagnosed with F44.5 (conversion disorder with seizures or convulsions) or R56.8 (convulsions, not elsewhere classified) in the period January 2010 to January 2020. A review of the patients' medical records and an assessment of diagnostic validity were performed. PNES were diagnosed according to the recommendations by the International League Against Epilepsy Nonepileptic Seizures Task Force. Point prevalence of PNES on January 1, 2020 and incidence rates for the period 2010–2019 were determined. Results: Based on PNES within the past 5 years, we found a PNES prevalence of 23.8/100 000 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 17.9–29.6), including all levels of diagnostic certainty. For the highest level of diagnostic certainty (video-electroencephalographically confirmed), the prevalence was 10.6/100 000 (95% CI = 6.7–14.5). The highest prevalence was found in the age group 15–19 years, at 59.5/100 000 (95% CI = 22.6–96.3). The mean annual incidence rate between 2010 and 2019 was 3.1/100 000/year (95% CI = 2.4–3.7). Significance: We report for the first time a population-based estimate of the prevalence of PNES. Our findings suggest that the prevalence of PNES is within the range of estimates from non-population-based data. We found a strikingly high prevalence of PNES in the 15–19-year age group. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression and anxiety among mothers of children with neuro-developmental disorders at a tertiary care centre, Puducherry$$$ Background: Parents of children with neuro-developmental disorder (NDD) experience psychiatric disorders like depression and anxiety; and mother being the main care-giver is at a higher risk. Socio-demographic conditions of the families also augment depression. Objective: To estimate the prevalence of depression and/or anxiety among mothers of children with NDD availing care at a tertiary care centre, Puducherry, India. Materials and methods: We conducted a cross sectional study from among mothers of children with NDD attending the paediatric clinics between September and October 2019. All mothers were administered PHQ-9 and GAD-7 tools to screen for depression and anxiety, respectively. Those who failed the screens were administered the MINI International Neuropsychiatric Inventory (MINI-PLUS) version 7.0.2 to confirm the diagnosis of depression and anxiety. Prevalence of depression and/or anxiety were presented with 95% confidence intervals. Results: A total of 120 mothers were included. Of those, mothers of children with epilepsy were maximum (40%) followed by Attention Deficit Hyperactivity disorder (27%), Intellectual Disability (14%), Cerebral Palsy (12%) and Autism spectrum disorder (7%). Of the total, 52 mothers were screened positive for depression and46 (37.5%, 95%CI 29.2–46.4) were diagnosed with depression. As for anxiety, 91 mothers were screened positive and 52 (43.3%, 95% CI 34.7–52.3) were diagnosed with anxiety. 36 (30% 95% CI 22.3–38.6) mothers had both depression and anxiety. Conclusion: Depression and anxiety were common among mothers of children with NDD. Hence screening and counseling of these mothers need to be considered. ER  - 
Oxcarbazepine for behavioral disorders after brain injury: Factors influencing efficacy$$$ Carbamazepine and oxcarbazepine are used for behavioral disorders following organic diseases. After severe acquired brain injury, patients may develop frontal symptoms. In our neurological rehabilitation routine, oxcarbazepine is used for better safety over carbamazepine, although its efficacy is not clarified. We aimed to improve knowledge on this use of oxcarbazepine, by probing clinical factors associated with response. We retrospectively examined the clinical records of our patients, collecting clinical variables and outcomes of efficacy, both clinician-rated and caregiver/self-rated. We described the distribution of clinical variables and examined their associations via logistic regressions. Patients in our cohort were predominantly pediatric, with frontal lobe damage and irritable/reactive. With an oxcarbazepine median dose of 975 mg, almost half of patients improved. We found several clinical factors associated with clinician-rated efficacy: Absence of frontal damage and absence of irritability/reactivity symptoms; clinical factors associated with caregivers/patients-rated efficacy were: Higher DRS score at baseline and higher patient age. In this retrospective study, we observed that oxcarbazepine was differentially efficacious in patients with specific characteristics. Our study could not examine drug therapy separately from neuropsychological therapy, nor the influence of dose. Our associative results should be verified experimentally, also assessing causality and establishing dose-related efficacy and safety. ER  - 
Biophysical mechanisms of electroconvulsive therapy-induced volume expansion in the medial temporal lobe: A longitudinal in vivo human imaging study$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) applies electric currents to the brain to induce seizures for therapeutic purposes. ECT increases gray matter (GM) volume, predominantly in the medial temporal lobe (MTL). The contribution of induced seizures to this volume change remains unclear. Methods: T1-weighted structural MRI was acquired from thirty patients with late-life depression (mean age 72.5 ± 7.9 years, 19 female), before and one week after one course of right unilateral ECT. Whole brain voxel-/deformation-/surface-based morphometry analyses were conducted to identify tissue-specific (GM, white matter: WM), and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and cerebral morphometry changes following ECT. Whole-brain voxel-wise electric field (EF) strength was estimated to investigate the association of EF distribution and regional brain volume change. The association between percentage volume change in the right MTL and ECT-related parameters (seizure duration, EF, and number of ECT sessions) was investigated using multiple regression. Results: ECT induced widespread GM volume expansion with corresponding contraction in adjacent CSF compartments, and limited WM change. The regional EF was strongly correlated with the distance from the electrodes, but not with regional volume change. The largest volume expansion was identified in the right MTL, and this was correlated with the total seizure duration. Conclusions: Right unilateral ECT induces widespread, bilateral regional volume expansion and contraction, with the largest change in the right MTL. This dynamic volume change cannot be explained by the effect of electrical stimulation alone and is related to the cumulative effect of ECT-induced seizures. ER  - 
Responsive neurostimulation for the treatment of medically refractory epilepsy in pediatric patients: Strategies, outcomes, and technical considerations$$$ Objective: Children with medically refractory partial-onset epilepsy arising from eloquent cortex present a therapeutic challenge, as many are not suitable for resective surgery. For these patients, responsive neurostimulation may prove to be a potential tool. Although responsive neurostimulation has demonstrated utility in adults, little has been discussed regarding its utility in the pediatric population. In this study, the authors present their institution's experience with responsive neurostimulation via the RNS System through a case series of 5 pediatric patients. Methods: A single-center retrospective study of patients who underwent RNS System implantation at Children's National Hospital was performed. Results: Five patients underwent RNS System implantation. The mean patient age at treatment was 16.8 years, and the average follow-up was 11.2 months. All patients were considered responders, with a seizure frequency reduction of 64.2% without adverse events. Conclusions: All 5 patients experienced medium-term improvements in seizure control after RNS System implantation with decreases in seizure frequency > 50% from baseline preoperative seizure frequency. The authors demonstrated two primary configurations of electrode placement: Hippocampal or amygdala placement via an occipitotemporal trajectory, as well as infratemporal surface electrodes and surface electrodes on the primary motor cortex. No adverse events were experienced in this case series. ER  - 
Psychiatric phenotypes of pediatric patients with seropositive autoimmune encephalitis$$$ OBJECTIVES: Patients with autoimmune encephalitis (AE) often present with symptoms that are broadly characterized as psychiatric or behavioral, yet little attention is given to the precise symptomatology observed. We sought to more fully define the psychiatric symptoms observed in patients with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR), anti-glutamic-acid-decarboxylase 65 (GAD65), and anti-voltage-gated-potassium-channel complex (VGKC) antibody-mediated AE using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition nomenclature. METHODS: We present a case series (n = 25) using a retrospective chart review of 225 patients evaluated for AE in a tertiary care academic medical center between 2014 and 2018. The included patients were #18 years old with anti-NMDAR AE (n = 13), anti-GAD65 AE (n = 7), or anti-VGKC AE (n = 5). The frequency of neuropsychiatric symptoms present at the onset of illness and time to diagnosis were compared across groups. RESULTS: Psychiatric symptoms were seen in 92% of patients in our cohort. Depressive features (72%), personality change (64%), psychosis (48%), and catatonia (32%) were the most common psychiatric symptoms exhibited. On average, patients experienced impairment in $4 of 7 symptom domains. No patients had isolated psychiatric symptoms. The average times to diagnosis were 1.7, 15.5, and 12.4 months for anti-NMDAR AE, anti-GAD65 AE, and anti-VGKC AE, respectively (P <.001). CONCLUSIONS: The psychiatric phenotype of AE in children is highly heterogenous. Involving psychiatry consultation services can be helpful in differentiating features of psychosis and catatonia, which may otherwise be misidentified. Patients presenting with psychiatric symptoms along with impairments in other domains should prompt a workup for AE, including testing for all known antineuronal antibodies. ER  - 
Patterns of cannabis use among individuals with obsessive-compulsive disorder: Results from an internet survey$$$ Background: Americans increasingly use cannabis, including those with psychiatric disorders. Yet little is known about cannabis use among individuals with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Thus, we conducted the first survey of cannabis users with OCD. Methods: Adults with OCD (i.e., prior professional diagnosis and/or score above the cutoff on a validated scale) who reported using cannabis were recruited from internet sources to complete a survey querying demographic information, medical/psychiatric history, cannabis use patterns, and perceived cannabis effects. Results: Of 1096 survey completers, 601 met inclusion criteria. Inhalation/cannabis flower were the most common method/formulation participants endorsed; most identified using high-potency cannabis products; 42% met criteria for cannabis use disorder. Nearly 90% self-reported using cannabis medicinally, 33.8% had a physician's recommendation, and 29% used specifically to manage OCD symptoms. Most participants reported cannabis improved obsessions/compulsions; those with increased obsession severity perceived less benefit. Finally, most participants were not receiving evidence-based OCD treatment, and the odds of receiving treatment decreased with increased cannabis use. Conclusions: In this survey, participants with OCD reported both subjective benefits and harms from cannabis use. Future research should clarify the risks and benefits of cannabis use to those with OCD and develop treatment models to better support this population. ER  - 
Childhood Sjögren syndrome: Features of an international cohort and application of the 2016 ACR/EULAR classification criteria$$$ Objective: Sjögren syndrome in children is a poorly understood autoimmune disease. We aimed to describe the clinical and diagnostic features of children diagnosed with Sjögren syndrome and explore how the 2016 ACR/EULAR classification criteria apply to this population. Methods: An international workgroup retrospectively collected cases of Sjögren syndrome diagnosed under 18 years of age from 23 centres across eight nations. We analysed patterns of symptoms, diagnostic workup, and applied the 2016 ACR/EULAR classification criteria. Results: We identified 300 children with Sjögren syndrome. The majority of patients n = 232 (77%) did not meet 2016 ACR/EULAR classification criteria, but n = 110 (37%) did not have sufficient testing done to even possibly achieve the score necessary to meet criteria. Even among those children with all criteria items tested, only 36% met criteria. The most common non-sicca symptoms were arthralgia [n = 161 (54%)] and parotitis [n = 140 (47%)] with parotitis inversely correlating with age. Conclusion: Sjögren syndrome in children can present at any age. Recurrent or persistent parotitis and arthralgias are common symptoms that should prompt clinicians to consider the possibility of Sjögren syndrome. The majority of children diagnosed with Sjögren syndromes did not meet 2016 ACR/EULAR classification criteria. Comprehensive diagnostic testing from the 2016 ACR/EULAR criteria are not universally performed. This may lead to under-recognition and emphasizes a need for further research including creation of paediatric-specific classification criteria. ER  - 
High prevalence of psychiatric comorbidities in children and adolescents at a tertiary epilepsy center$$$ Background: Epilepsy is highly comorbid with psychiatric disorders and a significant amount of the morbidity related to epilepsy is in fact a result of psychiatric comorbidities. Objective: To investigate the frequency of different psychiatric comorbidities in children with refractory epilepsy. Methods: We present preliminary observational data from a series of patients (n=82) examined in the psychiatric branch of a tertiary epilepsy center in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Patients were classified as presenting autism spectrum disorders, mood disorders, anxiety disorders, disruptive disorders, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), intellectual development disorder, psychotic episode, dissociative/conversive disorders or others. We determined the frequency of each disorder, along with demographic data, medications prescribed, electroencephalogram findings and additional medical examinations and consultations. Results: The most common comorbidities in our sample were autism spectrum disorders and ADHD. Antipsychotics and selective serotonin uptake inhibitors were the most commonly prescribed psychiatric medications. Conclusions: Knowledge about the prevalence of such comorbidities may provide more targeted interventions in Psychiatry and Psychology services linked to epilepsy centers. ER  - 
Telephone-based depression self-management in Hispanic adults with epilepsy: a pilot randomized controlled trial$$$ Depression is associated with adverse outcomes in epilepsy but is undertreated in this population. Project UPLIFT, a telephone-based depression self-management program, was developed for adults with epilepsy and has been shown to reduce depressive symptoms in English-speaking patients. There remains an unmet need for accessible mental health programs for Hispanic adults with epilepsy. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the feasibility, acceptability, and effects on depressive symptoms of a culturally adapted version of UPLIFT for the Hispanic community. Hispanic patients with elevated depressive symptoms (n = 72) were enrolled from epilepsy clinics in New York City and randomized to UPLIFT or usual care. UPLIFT was delivered in English or Spanish to small groups in eight weekly telephone sessions. Feasibility was assessed by recruitment, retention, and adherence rates and acceptability was assessed by self-reported satisfaction with the intervention. Depressive symptoms (PHQ-9 scores) were compared between study arms over 12 months. The mean age was 43.3±11.3, 71% of participants were female and 67% were primary Spanish speakers. Recruitment (76% consent rate) and retention rates (86-93%) were high. UPLIFT participants completed a median of six out of eight sessions and satisfaction ratings were high, but rates of long-term practice were low. Rates of clinically significant depressive symptoms (PHQ-9 ≥5) were lower in UPLIFT versus usual care throughout follow-up (63% vs. 72%, 8 weeks; 40% vs. 70%, 6 months; 47% vs. 70%, 12 months). Multivariable-adjusted regressions demonstrated statistically significant differences at 6 months (OR = 0.24, 95% CI, 0.06-0.93), which were slightly reduced at 12 months (OR = 0.30, 95% CI, 0.08-1.16). Results suggest that UPLIFT is feasible and acceptable among Hispanic adults with epilepsy and demonstrate promising effects on depressive symptoms. Larger trials in geographically diverse samples are warranted. ER  - 
The Comparison Between Neuropsychological Features of Psychogenic Non-epileptic Seizures and Epileptic Seizures$$$ Background: Both epileptic seizures (ES) and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are often associated with some degree of cognitive impairment. Video electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring is the gold standard for diagnosing PNES. This diagnostic procedure is costly and available in specific tertiary centers. Neuropsychological assessment can provide clues for the differential diagnosis of PNES and ES and help clarify the nature and etiology of these two disorders. Objectives: Therefore, this study aimed to compare the neuropsychological profiles of PNES and ES patients. Methods: In this analytical cross-sectional study, 30 patients with ES and 31 patients with PNES were compared by neuropsychi-atric tests, such as the Wechsler Adult Intelligence scale (WAIS), Addenbrooke’s Cognitive examination (ACE), and California Verbal Learning test (CVLT). Results: There was a female predominance in the PNES group (female-to-male ratio = 4.16/1, P = 0.003). In the PNES group, 77.4% of the patients had a psychiatric disorder versus 66.7% of the patients in the ES group; however, the difference was not statistically significant (P = 0.34). The mean score of total intelligence was higher in the PNES group (84.77 ± 16.94), compared to the ES group (83.63 ± 10.04); however, the difference was not significant (P = 0.75). Based on the mean subscale scores, the digit symbol score (WAIS-IV subscale) and memory score (ACE subscale) were significantly higher in the PNES group compared to the ES group (P = 0.037 and 0.032, respectively). Conclusions: This study showed that neuropsychological assessments might not differentiate ES from non-epileptic seizures. ER  - 
Mortality in adolescent trauma: A comparison of children's, mixed and adult major trauma centres$$$ Objective We aimed to compare adolescent mortality rates between different types of major trauma centre (MTC or level 1; adult, children's and mixed). Methods Data were obtained from TARN (Trauma Audit Research Network) from English sites over a 6-year period (2012-2018), with adolescence defined as 10-24.99 years. Results are presented using descriptive statistics. Patient characteristics were compared using the Kruskal-Wallis test with Dunn's post-hoc analysis for pairwise comparison and χ 2 test for categorical variables. Results 21 033 cases met inclusion criteria. Trauma-related 30-day crude mortality rates by MTC type were 2.5% (children's), 4.4% (mixed) and 4.9% (adult). Logistic regression accounting for injury severity, mechanism of injury, physiological parameters and € hospital ID', resulted in adjusted odds of mortality of 2.41 (95% CI 1.31 to 4.43; p=0.005) and 1.85 (95% CI 1.03 to 3.35; p=0.041) in adult and mixed MTCs, respectively when compared with children's MTCs. In three subgroup analyses the same trend was noted. In adolescents aged 14-17.99 years old, those managed in a children's MTC had the lowest mortality rate at 2.5%, compared with 4.9% in adult MTCs and 4.4% in mixed MTCs (no statistical difference between children's and mixed). In cases of major trauma (Injury Severity Score >15) the adjusted odds of mortality were also greater in the mixed and adult MTC groups when compared with the children's MTC. Median length of stay (LoS) and intensive care unit LoS were comparable for all MTC types. Patients managed in children's MTCs were less likely to have a CT scan (46.2% vs 62.8% mixed vs 64% adult). Conclusions Children's MTC have lower crude and adjusted 30-day mortality rates for adolescent trauma. Further research is required in this field to identify the factors that may have influenced these findings. ER  - 
Markers of Quality Care for Newly Diagnosed People with Epilepsy on Medicaid$$$ Background: For newly diagnosed people with epilepsy (PWE), proper treatment is important to improve outcomes, yet limited data exist on markers of quality care. Objective: Examine markers of quality care for newly diagnosed PWE. Methods: Using Medicaid claims data (2010-2014) for 15 states we identified adults 18-64 years of age diagnosed with incident epilepsy in 2012 or 2013. We built 5 sequential logistic regression models to evaluate: (1) seeing a neurologist; (2) diagnostic evaluation; (3) antiepileptic medication adherence; (4) serum drug levels checked; and (5) being in the top quartile of number of negative health events (NHEs). We adjusted for demographics, comorbidities, county-level factors, and the outcomes from all prior models. Results: Of 25,663 PWE, 37.3% saw a neurologist, with decreased odds for those of older age, those residing in counties with low-density of neurologists, and certain race/ethnicities; about 57% of PWE received at least 1 diagnostic test; and nearly 62% of PWE were adherent to their medication. The most common comorbidities were hypertension (37.1%) and psychoses (26.9%). PWE with comorbidities had higher odds of seeing a neurologist and to have NHEs. Substance use disorders were negatively associated with medication adherence and positively associated with high NHEs. Conclusions: There are notable differences in demographics among people with incident epilepsy who do or do not see a neurologist. Differences in NHEs persist, even after controlling for neurologist care and diagnostic evaluation. Continued attention to these disparities and comorbidities is needed in the evaluation of newly diagnosed PWE. ER  - 
Emergence of post-traumatic epilepsy in post-9/11 veterans: Traumatic brain injury severity, deployment and multimorbidity$$$ Objective: To identify predictors of epilepsy in Post-9/11 Veterans. Background: The association of traumatic brain injury (TBI) and epilepsy in Veterans has been examined among those with combat deployments due to the high TBI prevalence. We hypothesized that epilepsy would be more likely in those with a history of TBI and deployment where blast injury/military exposures are common. Design/Methods: Retrospective observational study using merged Veterans Health Administration (VHA) and Department of Defense health data (2002-2019) for Veterans who entered VHA care 2002-2014. We identified epilepsy using ICD9/10 codes and use of antiseizure medications. We identified TBI severity using ICD9/10 codes and TBI screening data, and mental/physical health comorbidities using ICD9/10 codes before the index date (EPILEPSY: date of the first antiseizure medication after epilepsy-consistent diagnosis; No EPILEPSY: median time from first DoD care to epilepsy [2625 days]). We excluded individuals with verified psychogenic non-epileptic seizures and used logistic regression to identify predictors of epilepsy. Results: In this cohort (N = 1,226,280), 30,993 (2.53%) met epilepsy criteria. After controlling for mental/physical health comorbidities, odds of epilepsy were significantly lower for deployed (vs. non-deployed; adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 0.76; 0.73-0.79) and those without TBI were less likely than those with mTBI (AOR 1.60; 1.55-1.66), moderate/severe TBI (AOR 2.84; 2.36-2.61), penetrating TBI (AOR 5.13; 4.71-5.58). Other strong predictors included other neurological conditions such as ALS, MS, Parkinson's disease (OR 6.73; 6.38-7.10), stroke (OR 3.61; 3.45-3.77), headache/migraine (OR 2.34; 2.28-2.40), and cardiac disease (OR 1.91; 1.84-1.98). Conclusions: TBI, including mTBI, was associated with epilepsy, but those deployed were LESS likely to develop epilepsy. Chronic physical and mental health conditions that preclude deployment were associated with epilepsy and may be of equal concern to clinicians caring for patients with epilepsy and/or TBI; however more sophisticated statistical models are needed to better understand the interactions among TBI, deployment and chronic mental/physical comorbidities. ER  - 
Early onset dementia in post-9/11 veterans: Traumatic brain injury, epilepsy, and chronic disease$$$ Research Objectives: To identify the association of TBI and epilepsy on diagnoses of early onset dementia (EOD) in a cohort of post-9/11 era Veterans as both are associated with dementia in older individuals and are more common in Post-9/11 Veterans than the general population. Design: Retrospective observational study of Post-9/11 Veterans in VA care FY02-FY18 using national longitudinal data from Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs. Participants: Post-9/11 Veterans <65 years at VA care entry and >3 years of care. Main Outcomes: EOD was operationalized using ICD-9-CM/10 diagnoses for diagnoses found reliable in prior research (Alzheimer's and frontotemporal dementia). TBI severity was identified using selfreports (VA Comprehensive TBI Evaluation) and ICD-9-CM/10 codes. Epilepsy was identified using ICD-9-CM/10 codes and anticonvulsant medications. Covariates included socio-/military demographics, prior deployment and comorbid conditions associated with dementia. Logistic regression analysis identifie associations with EOD for epilepsy and TBI severity controlling for potential confounders. Results: Among the 1,055,873 Veterans who met inclusion criteria 923 met criteria for EOD (7.4/1000 epilepsy; 0.7/1000 no epilepsy). Epilepsy (aOR 2.41 [1.98-2.93]) and TBI of all severity was associated with EOD (aORs: mTBI 1.67 [1.40-1.99]; moderate/severe TBI 2.31 [1.80-2.98]; penetrating TBI 2.87 [2.08-3.97]). Other significant predictors (aORs >1.5; p <.001) included age 50-64 and 40-49 (vs. 30-39), other neurological conditions, stroke, schizophrenia, depression, and bipolar disorder. Conclusions: Epilepsy and TBI (of all severities) were associated with EOD. Consistent with prior research there was a near linear association of TBI severity and EOD, but no significant interaction between TBI and epilepsy. Thus, each condition contributes to EOD. However, those with more severe TBIs have higher risk for epilepsy and EOD suggesting the mechanism of added impact of TBI severity may work through other neurological/neurodegenerative conditions. Indeed, other strong predictors of EOD (e.g., stroke) supports this hypothesis and the idea that multimorbidity associated with TBI may reveal phenotypes of neurodegenerative outcomes that require further evaluation. ER  - 
Sexual dysfunction in clinically stable patients with bipolar disorder receiving valproate$$$ Aim: This study evaluated the prevalence of sexual dysfunction in patients with bipolar disorder, while receiving valproate monotherapy. Materials and Methods: Sixty-three clinically stable patients with bipolar disorder were evaluated on the Arizona sexual experience scale (ASEX), Udvalg for Kliniske Undersogelser (UKU) other side effect subscale and brief adherence rating scale. Results: The mean age of the study sample was 38.84 (standard deviation: 12.49) years. About three-fourth of the participants were male (76.2%). About one-fourth (28.6%) were found to have sexual dysfunction as per the ASEX. In terms of dysfunction in specific domain of sexual functioning, depending on the cut-off used, problem with sexual desire varied from 13.33% to 35.41% among males and 6.66%-46.66% in females. Erectile dysfunction was seen in 13.33%-31.25% of males and difficulty in vaginal lubrication was reported by 13.33%-26.66% of females. When those with and without sexual dysfunction as per the ASEX were compared, it was seen that those with sexual dysfunction had significantly longer duration of illness, higher prevalence of abnormal blood pressure and higher mean scores on the UKU other side effect subscale. Both the groups did not differ on other clinical variables. Conclusion: A significant proportion of patients receiving valproate experience sexual dysfunction. Higher prevalence of sexual dysfunction was associated with longer duration of illness, higher prevalence of abnormal blood pressure, and higher mean scores on UKU other side effect subscale. ER  - 
Sustained improvement after completion of mindfulness-based psychotherapy for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background: We previously reported on the efficacy of a manualized 12-session mindfulness-based therapy (MBT) for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Completion of MBT provided improvements in PNES frequency, intensity and quality of life. Objective: Determine sustainability of improvement at 3-to 6-month follow-up after treatment completion in previously reported measures, plus newly reported measures on illness perception/attribution, worry, and mechanisms. Methods: Patients with documented PNES were recruited from 2014 to 2018. Baseline measures were collected at time of diagnosis (T0) and/or at first follow-up postdiagnosis (T1). Outcomes are reported at treatment completion (T3) and follow-up (T4). The Wilcoxon signed-rank test was used for pairwise comparisons of PNES frequency; linear mixed models were used for other variables. Results: Fourteen of the 26 MBT completers attended follow-up (median 147.5 days between T3 and T4). PNES frequency, intensity and number of days/week with PNES remained reduced at T4 (p<0.01 for all; median frequency reduction 1.3/week from T1). Illness perception and feeling understood remained improved at T4 (p<0.001 for both) as did worry about PNES (p<0.05). Identifying PNES as "mental" versus "physical" disease changed from T0 to T3 (p<0.01), not to T4. Quality of life did not maintain improvement at T4. Hypothesized psychological mechanism did not change over time. Conclusion: Previously reported improvements in PNES frequency and intensity with MBT at treatment conclusion were maintained at 3-to 6-month follow-up. This study also demonstrates sustained improvement in illness conceptualization and symptom worry. Long-term benefits of MBT need to be established with randomized controlled trials. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations and sleep disturbances in children and adolescents randomized to dolutegravir-based ART versus standard-of-care in the ODYSSEYtrial$$$ Background: Dolutegravir is associated with neuropsychiatric adverse events (NPAEs) in adults. We present first randomized data in children and adolescents. Methods: ODYSSEY is an open-label, multi-centre, randomized trial, comparing efficacy and safety of dolutegravir-based ART (DTG) with the standard of care (SOC) in children initiating first- or second-line therapy. We compared NPAEs, including serious adverse events (SAEs), grade ≥3 events, ART-modifying events and suicidality-related events and patient/carer mood-and-sleep questionnaire responses in DTG versus SOC. Results: A total of 707 children ≥14 kg were randomized (sub- Saharan Africa 88%, Thailand 9%, Europe 4%); 311 children started first-line (92% efavirenz-based in SOC); 396 second-line (98% PIbased). Median (IQR) age was 12.2 (9.1, 14.9); 362 (51%) were male; median follow-up 142 (124,159) weeks. There were 31 NPAEs (in 23 children): 18 (15) in DTG versus 13 (8) in SOC (Table 1). Median (IQR) age and time from enrolment at first event were 15.9 (10.4, 17.5) years and 72 (47,124) weeks respectively. Most NPAEs (23) were in children starting first-line; and most (22) occurred in males. Ten participants (5 DTG;5 SOC) had 13 SAEs: 7 DTG (3 epilepsy/convulsions, 1 headache/hypertension, 1 depression, 1 parasuicide, 1 psychosis) versus 6 SOC (3 epilepsy/convulsions, 1 dizziness, 2 parasuicide). Twelve children (8 DTG;4 SOC) experienced 15 suicidality events: 10 suicidality ideation (6 DTG;4 SOC) and 5 parasuicide (2 DTG;3 SOC). ART-modifying NPAE(s) included three DTG (2 depression, 1 psychosis) and two SOC (1 parasuicide, 1 dizziness). A small number of participants/carers reported symptoms of selfharm (8 DTG;1 SOC, p = 0.04), 'life was not worth living'(17 DTG;5 SOC, p = 0.009) or suicidal thoughts (13 DTG;0 SOC, p < 0.001) in mood-and-sleep questionnaires; the reported symptoms were transient and did not lead to treatment change. There were no differences between treatment groups in low mood/feeling sad, problems concentrating, feeling worried or feeling angry/aggressive, time to fall asleep, nightmares/vivid dreams or sleep quality. Conclusions: Numbers of NPAEs and reported neuropsychiatric symptoms were low. More participants reported neuropsychiatric symptoms in the DTG arm versus SOC, however, this difference should be interpreted with caution in an open-label trial. ER  - 
Ear Acupuncture Points in Neonates From Drug-Dependent Mothers: A Prospective Study$$$ Aim: The aim of the study was to determine the presence or absence of ear acupuncture points (EAP) in newborn children with or without neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) and to confirm the hypothesis that neonates with NAS have more EAP than healthy neonates. Methods: We conducted a prospective case control study with ethical consent at the University Children's Hospital, Division of Neonatology Bern and the Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics Inselspital Bern in Switzerland. We determined the EAP in n = 26 newborn children born to drug-dependent mothers compared with n = 50 healthy newborns. For the detection of EAP, we used an ear point detection pen. EAP are present only if weakness exists in the corresponding area. Results: Twenty-six neonates who were born to drug-dependent mothers and developed NAS were screened on the 5th day after delivery (range 1–22). The median Finnegan Score was 12 points (range 6–18) on the day of examination. Twenty-four active EAP were detected on the left earlobe and 25 were detected on the right earlobe. There was no significant difference between the right and left lobes (p = 0.9285, two tailed test) and the number of acupuncture points. The correlation between the Finnegan Score and the number of EAP was highly significant (p = 0.0001). The most common active points were the psycho-vegetative rim of the reflex zone of sympathicus and parasympathicus. Organic points were also commonly detected. The urinary bladder, kidney and hip points were detected with a frequency of 12–15%. The shen men pain point was found in three neonates, and the point of desire as a psychological point, was also detected. The correlation between sex and active EAP was highly significant (p = 0.0093, Mann-Whitney test for the left earlobe and p = 0.0025 for the right earlobe). Boys had a significantly higher number of EAP than girls. All NADA points were detected in the neonates born to drug-dependent mothers, and the most frequent point was the vegetative point. Healthy neonates showed only the vegetative point in the vegetative rim 1/3 among the NADA points. A comparison of newborns born to drug-dependent mothers and 50 healthy neonates showed that the former group had statistically significantly more active points. For the left earlobe, the difference between neonates born to drug-dependent mothers and controls was statistically significant (p = 0.0008, Mann-Whitney test). Highly similar results were found for the right earlobe (p = 0.0001, Mann-Whitney test). Discussion: Our current work confirms that neonates born to drug-dependent mothers with high Finnegan scores and NAS have more EAP than healthy neonates. The vegetative rim is the most common point as shown in our previous studies. Our observations showed that twins had similar but not identical points; each individual had unique points depending on health status. Newborn boys with NAS had a higher number of EAP than newborn girls in the neonatal intensive care unit. This findings may be attributed to the reserve of newborns with NAS. Newborn girls are considered more robust than boys in the neonatal care setting. EAP in neonates might potentially be used for diagnosis and therapeutic opinions in neonates in the future. ER  - 
New Insights of Phospholipase A2 Associated Neurodegeneration Phenotype Based on the Long-Term Follow-Up of a Large Hungarian Family$$$ Introduction: Phospholipase A2-associated Neurodegeneration (PLAN) is a group of neurodegenerative diseases associated with the alterations of PLA2G6. Some phenotype-genotype association are well known but there is no clear explanation why some cases can be classified into distinct subgroups, while others follow a continuous clinical spectrum. Methods: Long-term neurological, and psychiatric follow-up, neuropathological, radiological, and genetic examinations, were performed in three affected girls and their family. Results: Two 24-years old twins and their 22-years old sister harbored the p.P622S, and p.R600W mutation in PLA2G6. The age of onset and the most prominent presenting symptoms (gaze palsy, ataxia, dystonia, psychomotor regression indicated atypical neuroaxonal dystrophy (ANAD), however, optic atrophy, severe tetraparesis would fit into infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy (INAD). All siblings had hyperintensity in the globi pallidi and substantiae nigrae which is reported in ANAD, whereas it is considered a later neuroradiological marker in INAD. The slow progression, rigidity, bradykinesis, and the prominent psychiatric symptoms indicate PLA2G6-related dystonia-parkinsonism. Abnormal mitochondria, lipid accumulation and axonal spheroids were observed in the muscle and nerve tissue. Brain deposition appeared 6 years following the initial cerebellar atrophy. Mild MRI alterations were detected in the asymptomatic carrier parents. Conclusion: The colorful clinical symptoms, the slightly discordant phenotype, and the neuroimaging data in the family supports the view that despite the distinct definition of age-related phenotypes in PLAN, these are not strict disease categories, but rather a continuous phenotypic spectrum. The mild MRI alterations of the parents and the family history suggest that even heterozygous pathogenic variants might be associated with clinical symptoms, although systematic study is needed to prove this. ER  - 
Mental health status among hospitalized patients with COVID-19 in Iran$$$ Objective: The recent escalated numbers of subjected COVID-19 patients and mortality rates have alerted the general population and authorities to its effects not only on physical health but also on different aspects of the society such as mental health. This study assesses the general mental health and immediate psychological impacts in hospitalized patients with COVID-19. Method: In this cross-sectional study, 88 patients from two tertiary hospitals in Tehran agreed to complete the surveys. The Impact of Event Scale-Revised (IES-R) and 12 item General Health questionnaire (GHQ-12) were used to evaluate mental health and impact of disease. Epidemiological and sociodemographic information entailing underlying diseases was assess by a researcher-made questionnaire. Results: We found that the psychological impact of the current pandemic is mild to moderate. During the initial phase of the pandemic, the intellectual engagements, inducing post event stress is not yet entirely developed. However, patients had a moderate to high probability of psychiatric morbidity with 63.6% and 28.4%, respectively. Conclusion: The effect of such viral pandemic on mental health is inevitable. As we conducted the study in the dire times of the outbreak, patients showed a high probability of psychiatric morbidity. On the other hand, since the study was done in the initial phase of the epidemic, we detected mild effects of the epidemic on PTSD in COVID-19 patients. Furthermore, several psychosocial protective programs should be implicated to address the mental complications. ER  - 
Multimorbidity among people experiencing homelessness— insights from primary care data$$$ Background: Although the poor health of people experiencing homelessness is increasingly recognised in health discourse, there is a dearth of research that has quantified the nature and magnitude of chronic health issues and morbidity among people experiencing homelessness, particularly in the Australian context. Methods: Analysis of the medical records of 2068 “active” patients registered with a specialist homeless health service in Perth, Western Australia as of 31 December 2019. Results: Overall, 67.8% of patients had at least one chronic physical health condition, 67.5% had at least one mental health condition, and 61.6% had at least one alcohol or other drug (AOD) use disorder. Nearly half (47.8%) had a dual diagnosis of mental health and AOD use issues, and over a third (38.1%) were tri-morbid (mental health, AOD and physical health condition). Three-quarters (74.9%) were multimorbid or had at least two long-term conditions (LTCs), and on average, each patient had 3.3 LTCs. Conclusions: The study findings have substantial implications from both a health risk and healthcare treatment perspective for people experiencing homeless. The pervasiveness of preventable health conditions among people experiencing homelessness also high-lights the imperative to improve the accessibility of public health programs and screening to reduce their morbidity and premature mortality. ER  - 
Outcomes of elderly patients with organophosphate intoxication$$$ This study analysed the clinical patterns and outcomes of elderly patients with organophosphate intoxication. A total of 71 elderly patients with organophosphate poisoning were seen between 2008 and 2017. Patients were stratified into two subgroups: survivors (n = 57) or nonsurvivors (n = 14). Chlorpyrifos accounted for 33.8% of the cases, followed by methamidophos (12.7%) and mevinphos (11.3%). Mood, adjustment and psychotic disorder were noted in 39.4%, 33.8% and 2.8% of patients, respectively. All patients were treated with atropine and pralidoxime therapies. Acute cholinergic crisis developed in all cases (100.0%). The complications included respiratory failure (52.1%), aspiration pneumonia (50.7%), acute kidney injury (43.7%), severe consciousness disturbance (25.4%), shock (14.1%) and seizures (4.2%). Some patients also developed intermediate syndrome (15.5%) and delayed neuropathy (4.2%). The nonsurvivors suffered higher rates of hypotension (P < 0.001), shock (P < 0.001) and kidney injury (P = 0.001) than survivors did. Kaplan-Meier analysis indicated that patients with shock suffered lower cumulative survival than did patients without shock (log-rank test, P < 0.001). In a multivariate-Cox-regression model, shock was a significant predictor of mortality after intoxication (odds ratio 18.182, 95% confidence interval 2.045-166.667, P = 0.009). The mortality rate was 19.7%. Acute cholinergic crisis, intermediate syndrome, and delayed neuropathy developed in 100.0%, 15.5%, and 4.2% of patients, respectively. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of brivaracetam in patients with intellectual disability and epilepsy$$$ Patients with intellectual disability (ID) are often excluded from clinical trials, and little is known about the best approach to treat their epilepsy. Brivaracetam (BRV) is a new antiepileptic drug (AED) for adjunctive treatment in patients with focal-onset seizures with or without secondary generalization. We analyzed the efficacy and tolerability of BRV in patients with ID and epilepsy who either had or had not previously received treatment with levetiracetam (LEV). Data on efficacy and tolerability were retrospectively collected. After the initial start of BRV in our tertiary epilepsy center, we analyzed medical records at 0, 3, 6 and 12 months of follow-up. 116 patients were included (mean age = 34.9 years, 44% female). All had complete data of 3-month follow-up, 76 of 6-month follow-up, and 39 patients of 1-year follow-up. Median starting dose of BRV was 50.0 mg/day and the mean number of concomitant AEDs was 2.6. Seizure reduction and no side effects were reported in more than half of all patients. The most reported side effects were somnolence, dizziness and aggression. Retention rates for BRV were 84.4%, 75.5% and 58.1% after 3, 6 and 12 months, respectively. Seizure reduction and side effects did not differ significantly between the groups with or without previous LEV treatment. We demonstrate that BRV is effective and well tolerated in patients with epilepsy and ID, even in those where previous LEV treatment failed. ER  - 
Clinical Utility and Safety of Slower-than-Recommended Titration of Clozapine for Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia: a Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Slow titration of clozapine is recommended given the risk of serious adverse effects. However, the utility and safety of slower-than-recommended titration of clozapine remain unclear. Consequently, we aimed to investigate the clinical utility and safety of slower-than-recommended titration of clozapine for treatment-resistant schizophrenia. We conducted a retrospective chart review of 152 inpatients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia who had been newly started on clozapine in a tertiary psychiatric public hospital between April 2012 and March 2018. The primary outcome was clozapine continuation for the first 18 weeks. We performed multivariate logistic regression to identify the association between the rate of clozapine dose titration and clozapine continuation for the first 18 weeks. Among the 152 inpatients, 122 (80%) could continue clozapine for the first 18 weeks. There was no significant association between the rate of clozapine dose titration and clozapine continuation for the first 18 weeks (adjusted odds ratio 1.23; 95% CI 0.29–5.26; p = 0.78). Our findings indicate that slower-than-recommended titration of clozapine may not improve toward clozapine continuation for the first 18 weeks. Therefore, it may not be a beneficial option in terms of safe clozapine continuation when starting clozapine for treatment-resistant schizophrenia. ER  - 
Characterization of the ghb withdrawal syndrome$$$ The gamma‐hydroxybutyric acid (GHB) withdrawal syndrome can have a fulminant course, complicated by severe complications such as delirium or seizures. Detoxification by tapering with pharmaceutical GHB is a safe way to manage GHB withdrawal. However, a detailed description of the course of the GHB withdrawal syndrome is currently lacking. This study aimed to (1) describe the course of GHB withdrawal symptoms over time, (2) assess the association between vital signs and withdrawal symptoms, and (3) explore sex differences in GHB withdrawal. In this observational multicenter study, patients with GHB use disorder (n = 285) were tapered off with pharmaceutical GHB. The most reported subjective withdrawal symptoms (SWS) were related to cravings, fatigue, insomnia, sweating and feeling gloomy. The most prevalent objective withdrawal symptoms (OWS) were related to cravings, fatigue, tremors, sweating, and sudden cold/warm feelings. No association between vital signs and SWS/OWS was found. Sex differences were observed in the severity and prevalence of specific withdrawal symptoms. Our results suggest that the GHB withdrawal syndrome under pharmaceutical GHB tapering does not strongly differ from withdrawal syndromes of other sedative drugs. The lack of association between vital signs and other withdrawal symptoms, and the relative stability of vitals over time suggest that vitals are not suitable for withdrawal monitoring. The reported sex differences highlight the importance of a personalized approach in GHB detoxification. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of meropenem by extended or continuous infusion in low body weight critically ill patients$$$ Background: Pathophysiological changes such as extreme body weights in critically ill patients with severe infections may alter the pharmacokinetics (PK) of antimicrobials, leading to treatment failure or toxicity. There are almost no PK data on meropenem in critically ill patients with low body weight (LwBW) and therefore information is lacking on the most appropriate dosing regimens, especially when administered by extended infusion. Objectives: To assess if the current administered doses of meropenem could lead to supratherapeutic concentrations in LwBW patients and to identify the factors independently associated with overexposure. Methods: A matched case-control 1:1 study of surgical critically ill patients treated with meropenem administered by extended or continuous infusion and undergoing therapeutic drug monitoring was conducted. Cases (patients with LwBW (body mass index (BMI) < 18.5 kg/m2)) were matched with normal body weight controls (NBW) (patients with BMI ≥ 18.5 kg/m2 and ≤30 kg/m2)) by age, gender, baseline renal function and severity status (APACHE II score). A 100% fT > MIC was considered an optimal pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (PK/PD) target and 100% fT > 10 × MIC as supratherapeutic exposure. Results: Thirty-six patients (18 cases and 18 controls) were included (median (range) age, 57.5 (26–75) years; 20 (55.6% male)). Meropenem was administered by 6 h (extended) or 8 h (continuous) infusion at a median (range) daily dose of 5 (1–6) g/day. Similar median meropenem trough plasma concentrations (Cmin,ss), measured pre-dose on day three to four of treatment) were observed in the two groups (19.9 (22.2) mg/L vs 22.4 (25.8) mg/L, p > 0.999). No differences in the proportion of patients with an optimal or a supratherapeutic PKPD target between cases and controls were observed. A baseline estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 90 mL/min was the only factor independently associated with a supratherapeutic PK/PD target. Conclusions: LwBW seems not to be a risk factor for achieving a supratherapeutic PK/PD target in critically ill patients receiving meropenem at standard doses by extended or continuous infusion. ER  - 
Age, comorbidities, nursing home stay and outcomes of SARS-CoV-2 infection in a Northern Italian cohort$$$ Background & aims. A large proportion of deaths from SARS-CoV-2 infections worldwide occur among nursing home residents. The aim of this research is to study the association between age and comorbidities and the likelihood of hospitalization and death in patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection in an Italian province, taking into account the residential setting. Methods. Retrospective cohort study based on multiple anonymous administrative health databases. Multinomial logistic regression was used to assess the association of sex, age, comorbidities, nursing home residency, calendar time with likelihood of hospitalization (with no death) and death, adjusting for mutual confounding. Results. Older subjects had increased likelihood of both outcomes. Congestive heart failure and hypothyroidism significantly increased the likelihood of death. Neurological diseases and hypertension increased the risk of hospitalization. Nursing home residents were over-represent-ed in the cohort. They had reduced likelihood of hospitalization, but mortality was analogous of that of other persons of the same age and clinical conditions. Conclusions. Efforts should be done to protect elderly and frail people from SARS-CoV-2, regardless of the residential setting. ER  - 
Cerebral venous thrombosis in a sub-saharan African country: A preliminary monocentric study of a 70 case series at the neurology department of Fann teaching hospital in Dakar – Senegal$$$ Introduction: Cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT) are underdiagnosed in sub-saharan Africa where publications are uncommon. Our study aim was to describe the CVT diagnostic and therapeutic features through a senegalese case series. Patients and method: A monocentric retrospective and prospective study was conducted at the adult Neurology department of Fann Teaching Hospital in Dakar (Senegal), between January 01, 2013 and April 30, 2020. It had included all CVT cases diagnosed by neurovascular imaging. Results: Seventy CVT cases were collected including 48 women (68.6%). The average age of the patients was 35.2 ± 14 years. The main neurological signs were headache (92.8%) and motor deficit (41.4%), with subacute onset in 67.2% of cases. The superior sagittal sinus (54.3%) and the transverse sinus (38.6%) were the most affected with multiple involvements in 27 patients (38.6%). Thirty patients (42.8%) had indirect parenchymal signs such as venous infarction (15.7%), cerebral edema (11.4%) or intracerebral hemorrhage (12.8%). The etiological factors were mostly infectious (41.4%) with meningoencephalitis (12.8%) and otorhinolaryngological infection (10%). Gyneco-obstetric factors (27%) and Behçet's disease (7%) were the main aseptic factors. In the short-term clinical course, curative anticoagulation (98.6%) had enabled a favourable outcome (mRS 0-1) in half of the patients. Conclusion: Our study, the largest series in sub-saharan Africa to this date, confirms that CVT is a young women disease. Infectious etiology is the most frequent at the Fann national teaching hospital (41.4% in Dakar against 6.5% in Germaine Bousser's series) even if the etiological assessment is limited by financial constraints (no coagulopathy/thrombophilia check-up). ER  - 
Cerebral visual impairment-related vision problems in primary school children: a cross-sectional survey$$$ Aim: To estimate how many children in mainstream primary schools have cerebral visual impairment (CVI)-related vision problems and to investigate whether some indicators might be useful as red flags, if they were associated with increased risk for these problems. Method: We conducted a survey of primary school children aged 5 to 11 years, using whether they were getting extra educational help and/or teacher- and parent-reported behaviour questionnaires to identify children at risk for CVI. These and a random 5% sample were assessed for CVI-related vision problems. We compared the usefulness of potential red flags using likelihood ratios. Results: We received questionnaires on 2298 mainstream-educated children and examined 248 children (152 [61%] males, 96 females [39%]; mean age 8y 1mo, SD 20mo, range 5y 6mo–11y 8mo). We identified 78 out of 248 children (31.5% of those examined, 3.4% of the total sample), who had at least one CVI-related vision problem. The majority (88%) were identified by one or more red flag but none were strongly predictive. Fewer than one in five children with any CVI-related vision problem had reduced visual acuity. Interpretation: Children with CVI-related vision problems were more prevalent than has been appreciated. Assessment of at-risk children may be useful so that opportunities to improve outcomes for children with CVI-related vision problems are not missed. ER  - 
Poststroke epilepsy incidence, risk factors and treatment: German claims analysis$$$ Objectives: To describe incidence, risk factors, and treatment of poststroke epilepsy (PSE) in Germany based on claims data. Methods: Retrospective analysis of claims data from a German public sickness fund (AOK PLUS). Patients with acute stroke hospitalizations from January 01, 2011 and December 31, 2015 (index hospitalization) were followed for 12–72 months. Outcomes included incidence of PSE (patients with ≥2 seizure claims [during/after index hospitalization], or ≥1 seizure claim after index hospitalization), multivariate Cox-regression analyses of time to seizure claim and death after index stroke hospitalization discharge, and antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment. Results: Among 53 883 patients with stroke (mean follow-up of 829.05 days [median 749]), 6054 (11.24%) had ≥1 seizure claim (mean age 73.95 years, 54.18% female). 2130 (35.18%) patients had a seizure claim during index hospitalization (indicative of acute symptomatic seizures). Estimated incidence of PSE (cases/1000 patient-years) was 94.49 within 1 year. Risk of seizure claim following hospital discharge was higher in patients with hemorrhagic stroke (hazard ratio [HR] =1.13; p <.001) vs those with cerebral infarction. Seizure claim during index hospitalization was a risk factor for seizure claims after hospital discharge (HR =6.97; p <.001) and early death (HR =1.78; p <.001). In the first year of follow-up, AEDs were prescribed in 73.75% of patients with seizure claims. Conclusions: Incidence of PSE was in line with previous studies. Hemorrhagic stroke and seizure claim during index hospitalization were risk factors for seizure claims after hospital discharge. Most patients with seizure claims received AED treatment. ER  - 
An epidemiological survey of epilepsy in tropical rural areas of China$$$ Objective: Epilepsy is a chronic neurological disease that is characterized by seizures. Seizure episodes, stigma, and high medical costs associated with this condition caused significant psychological distress. This study aimed to evaluate epidemiological characteristics and treatment status of epilepsy in individuals existing in the tropical rural areas of Hainan Province of China. Methods: A household survey on epilepsy was conducted among the rural population of Chengmai County, Danzhou City, Baoting Autonomous County (Li and Miao nationalities), and Dingan County in Hainan Province, China. A screening questionnaire based on the standard screening questionnaires of the World Health Organization (WHO) was designed and a screening instrument of International Community-based Epilepsy Research Group was used. Individuals suspected or previously diagnosed with epilepsy were reexamined by an experienced neurologist. Further clinical data were collected from subjects with confirmed diagnosis of epilepsy. Results: This study included 16 676 subjects with 8827 men (52.93%) and 7849 women (47.07%). Majority of the study subjects included were of Han Chinese (N = 13 145, 78.83%), and the remaining were of Li minority ethnicity. The incidence of epilepsy was 0.24 per 1000, and the total prevalence of active epilepsy was 2.33 per 1000. The prevalence of epilepsy in the Han and Li nationalities was 3.27 and 2.27 per 1000, respectively, which was shown to be higher in people aged ≥ 60. The initial onset of epilepsy tended to trigger among children aged between 0 and 9 years old. Initial assessment revealed that the treatment gap for active epilepsy was 58.97%, and stroke is shown as the most common cause of symptomatic epilepsy. Significance: The prevalence and incidence of epilepsy in tropical rural areas of Hainan Province were close to those of the earlier findings that are reported in other regions of China and lower than those remaining in the tropical areas around the world. There exists a huge treatment gap for active epilepsy, which indicates an urgent need for a rational intervention strategy. ER  - 
The Prevalence and Characteristics of Psychotropic-Related Hospitalizations in Older People: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Objectives: To assess the prevalence and characteristics of psychotropic medication-related hospitalizations in older people. Design: Systematic review with meta-analysis. Setting and Participants: Older adults (≥65 years of age) with psychotropic-related hospitalizations. Methods: A search of published literature was performed in Medline, Embase, CINAHL, and Scopus from 2010 to March 2020. Three authors independently screened titles, abstracts, and full texts of relevant studies for relevance. Two authors independently extracted full text data, including characteristics, measures of causality, prevalence data, and performed quality assessment. A meta-analysis was conducted to estimate pooled prevalence and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of psychotropic-related hospitalizations using random effects models. Heterogeneity was explored using subgroup analyses. Results: Of 815 potentially relevant studies, 11 were included in the final analysis. Five studies were cross-sectional studies, 5 were cohort studies, and 1 was a case control study. The majority of studies were rated as good quality. Psychotropic medications contributed to 2.1% (95% CI 1.2%–3.3%) of total hospitalizations and 11.3% (95% CI 8.2%–14.8%) of adverse drug event-related hospitalizations. The main psychotropic medications attributable to hospitalizations were antidepressants, hypnotics, sedatives, and antipsychotics. Conclusions and Implications: Psychotropic medications are a significant contributor to hospitalizations in older adults. The risk of hospitalization was greatest for those taking antidepressants, antipsychotics, hypnotics, and sedatives. Future studies should aim to address specific medication subgroups and implement uniform adverse drug event-related classification systems to improve comparability across studies. ER  - 
Somatic symptoms have negligible impact on Patient Health Questionnaire-9 depression scale scores in neurological patients$$$ Background and purpose: There is concern that the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) depression scale may be impacted by the presence of somatic symptoms (differential item functioning [DIF]) in patients with neurological conditions. We evaluated the PHQ-9 for the presence and impact of DIF in large clinical samples of neurological patients. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study of patients seen at the Cleveland Clinic Cerebrovascular, Headache, Movement Disorder, and Neuromuscular clinics who completed the PHQ-9 and patient-reported disease severity measures as part of standard care between 29 July 2008 and 21 February 2013. We evaluated PHQ-9 items for DIF with respect to disease-specific severity for each condition. Salient DIF impact was characterized as a difference between DIF-adjusted and unadjusted PHQ-9 scores. Results: Included in the study were 2112 patients with stroke, 8221 with migraine, 440 with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), and 5022 with Parkinson disease (PD). Several PHQ-9 items demonstrated DIF with respect to disease-specific severity, although salient DIF was present in very few patients (stroke, n = 0; migraine, n = 1; ALS, n = 13; PD, n = 1). Conclusions: PHQ-9 items function consistently across disease severity, with salient levels of DIF impact found only for a very small proportion of people. These results suggest that the PHQ-9 provides a consistent measure of depression severity among people with neurological conditions associated with somatic symptoms that overlap with depression. ER  - 
Long-term seizure and psychosocial outcome in childhood epilepsy of unknown cause$$$ Objective: The purpose was to investigate long-term prognosis of epilepsy of unknown cause with onset between ages 2 and 16 in children without any major disability, by evaluation of a previously described prognostic model and long-term follow-up of a study on the impact of duration of initial antiseizure medication (ASM) treatment. Methods: Patients included in a randomized controlled trial (RCT) of either one or three years of ASM therapy prior to withdrawal (if seizure-free for at least 6 months) were contacted after 29–35 years and asked to complete a survey. Potential prognostic factors were evaluated: duration of initial ASM treatment, seizure type, seizure frequency, and score in a prognostic model developed in the initial publication. Results: One hundred and forty-nine subjects answered the questionnaire (response rate 65%). Seizure freedom without treatment was found in 110 responders (77%, 95%CI: 73–81). There was no significant difference in score in the prognostic model between responders with and without epilepsy at follow-up. Those with active epilepsy were unemployed significantly more often and perceived their mental health significantly more affected than those seizure-free without treatment. Conclusions: Duration of initial ASM treatment was not associated with any difference in subsequent epilepsy risk. This indicates that the timing of withdrawal attempts is unlikely to alter the long-term prognosis of uncomplicated childhood epilepsy. The failure of the prognostic model from the initial study to predict long-term outcome argues that although prediction of relapse risk in the shorter term may be possible, the bearing of such models on long-term epilepsy risk is more questionable. ER  - 
Interictal dysphoric disorder in people with and without epilepsy$$$ Objective: Interictal dysphoric disorder (IDD) has been regarded as an affective disorder occurring only in people with epilepsy (PWE). Data showing similar characteristics and similar prevalence of IDD in patients with migraine and with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures question the epilepsy-specific nature of IDD. The aim of the study was to investigate the nature of IDD in people with prevalent epilepsy with mood disorders and people with mood disorders who are free of neurological disease. Methods: This is a case–control study, with 142 patients with a confirmed diagnosis of epilepsy and major depressive disorder (MDD; cases) and 222 patients with MDD only (controls). MDD diagnosis was confirmed by a structured clinical interview for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition (SCID-I-RV). We used the Beck Depression Inventory and the Beck Anxiety Inventory to estimate anxiety and depression levels and the Interictal Dysphoric Disorder Inventory (IDDI) to confirm the presence of IDD. Mann–Whitney U test, Pearson chi-squared, Spearman correlation, and logistic regression were used. Results: No differences were found in the prevalence of IDD between PWE with MDD and people with MDD alone (88.73% vs. 85.13%, χ2 =.96, p =.32). There were no differences between the groups overall or for any IDDI subscales (all p >.05). In both groups, IDD symptoms were grouped with the same incidence and had the same duration and periodicity. IDD was not associated with epilepsy (odds ratio =.84, 95% confidence interval =.40–1.98, p =.72). No significant correlation was found between epilepsy, demographic characteristics, and all IDDI subscales (all p >.05). Notably, patients with IDD suffered from affective disorders longer (6.68 ± 6.82 years vs. 3.7 ± 3.97 years, p =.001) and also received higher scores on all psychometric scales (all p <.05). Significance: This study does not confirm the specificity of IDD for epilepsy. The presence of IDD symptoms may be associated with a more severe course of MDD and significant anxiety distress. ER  - 
Systemic lupus erythematosus in children and adults: A retrospective study in Brazilian patients$$$ Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) may have a different serological and clinical profile according to age of disease onset. Aim: To compare clinical presentation and serological data from patients with SLE onset in childhood (cSLE) with disease onset in adulthood (aSLE) in a sample of Brazilian patients. Methods: Retrospective study of 614 SLE patients from a single Rheumatology Unit from Brazil: 77 (12.5%) cSLE and 537 (87.4%) aSLE. Clinical and serological data were obtained from the charts. Comparisons of cSLE with aSLE in general and according to patient’s gender were made. Results: The comparison of whole sample showed that children had more malar rash (p = 0.04), seizures (p < 0.0001), psychosis (p = 0.02), glomerulonephritis (p = 0.001), anti-dsDNA (p = 0.008), anticardiolipin IgM (p = 0.04) but less discoid lesions (p = 0.01), anti-Ro (p < 0.0001) and anti-La antibodies (p = 0.007). When only the male sample was compared, no differences in glomerulonephritis and anti-dsDNA frequencies were found. Conclusion: Children had a higher frequency of severe manifestations (glomerulonephritis and central nervous system) than adults. The difference in glomerulonephritis occurrence disappeared when only males were compared. ER  - 
Clinical utility of brain MRS imaging of patients with adult-onset non-cirrhotic hyperammonemia$$$ Adult-onset non-cirrhotic hyperammonemia (NCH) is a rare, but often fatal condition that can result in both reversible and irreversible neurological defects. Here we present five cases of adult-onset non-cirrhotic hyperammonemia wherein brain magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) scans for cerebral glutamine (Gln) and myo-inositol (mI) levels helped guide clinical management. Specifically, we demonstrate that when combined with traditional brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans, cerebral Gln and mI MRS can help disentangle the reversible from irreversible neurological defects associated with hyperammonemic crisis. Specifically, we demonstrate that whereas an elevated brain MRS Gln level is associated with reversible neurological defects, markedly low mI levels are associated with a risk for irreversible neurological defects such as central pontine myelinolysis. Overall, our findings indicate the utility of brain MRS in guiding clinical care and prognosis in patients with adult-onset non-cirrhotic hyperammonemia. ER  - 
Association between neurological outcome and poststroke comorbid mood and anxiety disorders: A real-life experience$$$ Introduction: Poststroke depression (PSD) and anxiety (PSA) are prevalent and have a strong impact on functional outcome. Beside stroke severity, little is known on their clinical determinants. This study investigated the association between stroke mechanism, neurological poststroke complications and remaining vascular risk factors and the presence of comorbid PSD and PSA, termed poststroke emotional distress (PSED). Methods: This was a retrospective analysis of a prospectively compiled medical records database of consecutive patients evaluated during a follow-up visit 3- to 4-month poststroke. HAD scale was used to define PSED category (PSD+PSA vs. NoPSD+NoPSA). Stroke mechanism and poststroke complications were identified clinically or using appropriate scales. Their association with PSED was tested using a multivariate logistic regression model. Results: The sample included 2,300 patients (male: 64.8%); 19% had a PSED and 56.39% were free of any depression or anxiety. The most frequent poststroke complications were fatigue/fatigability (58.4%), sleep problems (26.7%), and pain (20.4%). While no association was observed between PSED and stroke mechanism, higher functional disability (OR:1.572), lower cognitive abilities (OR:0.953), sleep problems (OR:2.334), pain (OR:1.478), fatigue/fatigability (OR:2.331), and abnormal movements (OR:2.380) were all independent risk factors. Persisting tobacco consumption (OR:1.360) was the only vascular significant risk factor. Conclusions: The frequency of comorbid PSED remains high (1/5 patient) despite improved awareness of these conditions. The association between poststroke complications and the presence of PSED emphasizes the need for standardized neurological and psychological evaluations at follow-up. These results foster the need to improve the management of addictive behaviors to reduce the burden of PSED. ER  - 
Retrospective analysis of adverse events associated with non-stimulant ADHD medications reported to the united states food and drug administration$$$ Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common neurobehavioral disorders in children and although stimulant medications remain first line to treat the disorder, some families prefer nonstimulants. The goal is to analyze the adverse events (AE) associated with nonstimulant medications using post-marketing drug surveillance data. We aim to increase awareness and aide patient education. A retrospective study of adverse drug events with atomoxetine, clonidine, and guanfacine was performed using the Federal Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS) Database. Results show that the most commonly reported AEs, as defined by FAERS, were ineffectiveness (9.91–14.15%) fatigue (8.93%), and somnolence (8.8–10.16%). Of those taking atomoxetine, suicidal and self-injurious ideation was reported to a similar degree amongst all age groups. Suicidal ideation was listed within the top 20 most reported AEs for all three medications. It is more likely that some patients will experience milder side effects. We suggest providing these data to patients to help overcome the stigma of starting medication, especially if they prefer nonstimulants. Serious AEs are still reported to a small degree, thus monitoring and consistent patient education remains important. We also recommend educating a wider demographic of patients about recognizing potential development of suicidal thoughts. ER  - 
Pregabalin as adjunctive therapy in adult and pediatric patients with generalized tonic-clonic seizures: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: Generalized tonic-clonic (GTC) seizures are the most common type of generalized seizure and more common in children than adults. This phase 3 study evaluated the efficacy and safety of pregabalin for GTC seizures in adults and children with epilepsy. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, multicenter study evaluated pregabalin (5 mg/kg/day or 10 mg/kg/day) vs placebo as adjunctive therapy for 10 weeks (following a 2-week dose escalation), in pediatric and adult patients (aged 5-65 years) with GTC seizures. Primary endpoint was change in log-transformed 28-day seizure rate during active treatment. Secondary endpoints included responder rates, defined as proportion of patients with ≥50% reduction in 28-day GTC seizure rate from baseline. Safety was monitored throughout. Results: Of 219 patients, 75, 72, and 72 were randomized to adjunctive pregabalin 5 mg/kg/day, 10 mg/kg/day, and placebo, respectively. Fifteen, 11, and 6 patients discontinued from the 5 mg/kg/day, 10 mg/kg/day, and placebo arms, respectively, most commonly due to adverse events (AEs; 10.7%, 6.9%, and 5.6%, respectively). A nonsignificant change in log-transformed mean 28-day seizure rate was seen with pregabalin 10 mg/kg/day vs placebo (least-squares [LS] mean difference –0.01 [95% confidence interval (CI) –0.19 to 0.16]; P =.8889) and with pregabalin 5 mg/kg/day vs placebo (LS mean difference 0.02 [CI –0.15 to 0.19]; P =.8121). Similar observations were noted for adults and children. No significant differences were seen for secondary endpoints with pregabalin vs placebo, including responder rate. The most common AEs (≥10%) were dizziness, headache, and somnolence. Most were of mild/moderate intensity. Seven patients had serious AEs, with one death in the placebo arm (sudden unexpected death in epilepsy). Significance: Adjunctive pregabalin treatment did not change GTC seizure rate in adults or children. The safety profile of pregabalin was similar to that known; treatment was well tolerated with few discontinuations due to AEs. ER  - 
Efficacy of long-term adrenocorticotropic hormone therapy for West syndrome: A retrospective multicenter case series$$$ Objectives: Long-term adrenocorticotropic therapy (LT-ACTH), which consisted of 2-4 weeks of daily injections of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and subsequent months of weekly injections, was tried for relapsed West syndrome (WS) or other intractable epilepsies in small case reports. Our aim was to explore the efficacy of LT-ACTH for preventing WS relapse, as well as the prevalence of its adverse events. Methods: This is a retrospective, nationwide, multicenter case series of patients with WS who underwent LT-ACTH. Clinical information of the patients and protocol of LT-ACTH were collected from participating institutes in this study. We defined clinical response to ACTH as achievement of hypsarrhythmia and epileptic spasms resolution. Patients who responded to daily ACTH injections were identified and assessed whether they experienced WS relapse during/after the weekly ACTH injection period. The outcome was measured by the nonrelapse rate at 24 months after daily ACTH injections using the Kaplan-Meier method. Results: Clinical information of 16 children with WS was analyzed. The median age at LT-ACTH initiation was 14.5 months (range: 7-68 months). Thirteen (81%) patients had previously undergone conventional ACTH treatment. The LT-ACTH regimens comprised a median of 16 days of daily injections (range: 11-28 days) and 10 months of weekly injections (range: 3-22 months). Seven patients experienced WS relapse during/after subsequent weekly ACTH period, and the nonrelapse rate at 24 months after daily injections was estimated at 60.6% (95% confidence interval: 32.3%-80.0%). Height stagnation, hypertension, and irritability were observed; lethal adverse events were not reported. Significance: Our study firstly explored the efficacy of LT-ACTH for preventing WS relapse. LT-ACTH might be a treatment option for patients with relapsed or intractable WS; however, we note that our study is limited by its small sample size and the lack of an appropriate control group. ER  - 
Risk factors for clozapine-induced central nervous system abnormalities in Japanese patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia$$$ The purpose of this study was to assess the risk factors for clozapine-induced central nervous system (CNS) abnormalities (i.e., electroencephalogram [EEG] abnormalities, myoclonus, and seizures). We retrospectively analyzed data from 106 patients with schizophrenia who received clozapine treatment through our hospital. A review of the EEG recordings showed that 71 of these patients (67.0 %) developed CNS abnormalities after initiating clozapine treatment. EEG abnormalities, myoclonus, and seizures occurred in 53.8 %, 38.7 %, and 8.5 % of the patients, respectively. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that the risk factors for clozapine-induced CNS abnormalities were concomitant lithium usage (odds ratio, 4.560; 95 % confidence interval, 1.750–11.900) and shorter illness durations before clozapine initiation (odds ratio, 0.796; 95 % confidence interval, 0.649–0.976). However, plasma clozapine levels and the usage of antiepileptics did not exhibit associations with the risks of CNS abnormalities. Clinicians should monitor their patients for incident CNS abnormalities when administering lithium in combination with clozapine regardless of plasma clozapine levels or the usage of antiepileptics. This is especially true for patients with short illness durations. ER  - 
Valproate but not levetiracetam slows the EEG alpha peak frequency – A pharmaco-EEG study$$$ Objective: Studies of the effect of valproate (VPA) on the background EEG have shown varying results. Therefore, we compared the effect of VPA and levetiracetam (LEV) on the EEG alpha peak frequency (APF). Methods: We retrospectively examined the APF in resting-state EEG of patients undergoing inpatient video-EEG monitoring (VEM) during withdrawal of VPA or LEV. We assessed APF trends by computing linear fits across individual patients’ APF as a function of consecutive days, and correlated the APF and daily antiseizure medication (ASM) doses on a single-patient and group level. Results: The APF in the VPA-group significantly increased over days with falling VPA doses (p = 0.005, n = 13), but did not change significantly in the LEV-group (p = 0.47, n = 18). APF correlated negatively with daily ASM doses in the VPA-group (average of r = −0.74 ± 0.12 across patients, p = 0.0039), but not in the LEV-group (average of r = −0.17 ± 0.18 across patients, p = 0.4072). Conclusions: Our results suggest that VPA treatment slows the APF. This APF reduction correlates with the daily dose of VPA and is not present in LEV treatment. Significance: Our study identifies a VPA-related slowing of the APF even in patients without electroencephalographic or overt clinical signs of encephalopathy. ER  - 
Ozanimod in relapsing multiple sclerosis: Pooled safety results from the clinical development program$$$ Background: Ozanimod, an oral sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor 1 and 5 modulator, is approved in multiple countries for the treatment of relapsing multiple sclerosis (RMS). In phase 3 trials, ozanimod was well tolerated and superior to interferon beta-1a 30 µg once-weekly in reducing clinical and radiologic disease activity. The objective of this integrated safety analysis was to evaluate the safety of extended ozanimod exposure in participants with RMS from all clinical trials and compare it with phase 3 trial data. Methods: We report pooled incidence and study duration‒adjusted incidence rates (IR) of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) from an interim data cut (January 31, 2019) of RMS participants treated with ozanimod. Data were pooled from a phase 1 pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic trial, a placebo-controlled phase 2 trial with dose-blinded extension, 2 large active-controlled phase 3 trials, and an open-label extension (OLE). Results were compared with pooled phase 3 trial data. Results: At the data cutoff, 2631 RMS participants had exposure to ozanimod 0.92 mg (mean 32.0 months) and 2787 had exposure to either ozanimod 0.46 or 0.92 mg (mean 37.1 months). The IRs per 1000 person-years (PY) for any TEAE (772.2) and serious TEAEs (33.2) in the overall population were similar to those in the phase 3 population (896.1 and 31.2, respectively). There were no serious opportunistic infections. There were no second-degree or higher atrioventricular blocks on electrocardiogram. Hepatic enzyme elevations declined over time. Malignancy rates remained low with longer exposure. Pulmonary function tests showed minimal reductions in lung function. Seven ozanimod-treated participants with comorbid risk factors had confirmed macular edema, including 3 in the ongoing OLE. Conclusions: Safety results in this larger RMS population with greater ozanimod exposure demonstrated no new safety concerns and were consistent with phase 3 trial results. ER  - 
Effect and tolerability of perampanel in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Objective: Perampanel is one of the most recently approved antiseizure medications. The aim of the present study was to assess clinical efficacy and tolerability, in combination with pharmacokinetic variability, of perampanel treatment in patients at a tertiary referral center for epilepsy. Methods: We performed a retrospective observational study of patients given perampanel as adjunctive treatment in the period January 2013 - February 2019 at the National Center for Epilepsy at Oslo University Hospital, Norway. Results: Clinical data were available for 175 mainly adult patients with drug-resistant epilepsy with mean treatment duration of 16.1 months. We found that 23% (40 patients) were responders (i.e., achieving more than 50% reduction in seizure frequency), four of whom became seizure free, 29% (51 patients) experienced a modest effect, whereas for 29% (50 patients) perampanel had no seizure-reducing effect. A paradoxical effect, with seizure aggravation, was reported in 9% (15 patients). The responder rate was significantly higher in those with slow vs. fast dosage titration. Logistic regression analysis showed better efficacy among those with generalized vs. those with focal epilepsy. Adverse effects were reported by 135 patients (77%), ranging from mild (34%), to moderate (41%) and severe (2%). In 55 patients (41%), these adverse effects resulted in discontinuation of treatment with perampanel. The most frequent adverse effects were psychiatric symptoms (34%), dizziness (31%), and sleepiness (26%). Of the 31 patients for whom serum concentration measurements were available, the mean daily perampanel dose was 6.3 mg (SD 3.0), with a mean serum concentration at steady state of 1.03 μmol/L (range: 0.15–3.59 μmol/L). There were pronounced differences between patients, as demonstrated by a 12-fold variability in the range of concentration/dose (C/D)-ratios (0.06 to 0.69 μmol/L/mg), where enzyme inducers contributed. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that perampanel had a modest seizure-reducing effect in this very treatment-resistant patient group. Predictors of treatment success were generalized epilepsy and slow dosage titration. In patients without a history of psychiatric problems, clinicians could consider increasing dose of perampanel beyond 6 mg daily, taking co-medication and serum concentrations into account. ER  - 
The impact of sub specialization within functional neurosurgery on patient outcomes in a comprehensive epilepsy center$$$ Background: One in three patients with epilepsy are medication-refractory and may benefit from investigations and operative treatment at a comprehensive epilepsy center. However, while these centers have capabilities for advanced seizure monitoring and surgical intervention, they are not required to have a functional neurosurgeon who is primarily focused in epilepsy surgery. Therefore, the objective of this study is to determine the impact of having a sub-specialized, epilepsy-focused functional neurosurgeon on patient outcomes. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review for all patients who underwent surgical intervention for medically refractory epilepsy at a Level 4 comprehensive Epilepsy Center from 2008 through 2019. Data was divided into two groups: group 1 comprised patients who had surgery before the hiring of a dedicated epilepsy-focused functional neurosurgeon in 2016, and group 2 was afterwards. We compared surgical procedures, significant complications, and seizure outcomes. Results: A total of 101 patients underwent 105 operations (52 in group 1 and 53 in group 2), not including intracranial EEG insertion. Compared to group 1, group 2 had more surgeries performed per year (15.1 vs. 6.5), and a significantly lower Engel score at last follow-up (1.78 vs. 2.57; p < 0.001). There was no difference in percentage of cases undergoing iEEG, and no difference in complication rates. Conclusions: In this series, the hiring of a sub-specialized functional neurosurgeon dedicated to epilepsy surgery in a comprehensive epilepsy center was associated with an increase in surgical volume and improved seizure outcomes. ER  - 
Essential genes from genome-wide screenings as a resource for neuropsychiatric disorders gene discovery$$$ Genome-wide screenings of “essential genes”, i.e., genes required for an organism or cell survival, have been traditionally conducted in vitro in cancer cell lines, limiting the translation of results to other tissues and non-cancerous cells. Recently, an in vivo screening was conducted in adult mouse striatum tissue, providing the first genome-wide dataset of essential genes in neuronal cells. Here, we aim to investigate the role of essential genes in brain development and disease risk with a comprehensive set of bioinformatics tools, including integration with transcriptomic data from developing human brain, publicly available data from genome-wide association studies, de novo mutation datasets for different neuropsychiatric disorders, and case–control transcriptomic data from postmortem brain tissues. For the first time, we found that the expression of neuronal essential genes (NEGs) increases before birth during the early development of human brain and maintains a relatively high expression after birth. On the contrary, common essential genes from cancer cell line screenings (ACEGs) tend to be expressed at high levels during development but quickly drop after birth. Both gene sets were enriched in neurodevelopmental disorders, but only NEGs were robustly associated with neuropsychiatric disorders risk genes. Finally, NEGs were more likely to show differential expression in the brains of neuropsychiatric disorders patients than ACEGs. Overall, genome-wide central nervous system screening of essential genes can provide new insights into neuropsychiatric diseases. ER  - 
Refined opium extract (Shireh) poisoning: A 10-year retrospective study in a referral poison control centre in Iran$$$ Background: There is limited data on refined opium extract (Shireh) abuse, especially the magnitude of its complications and its mortality rates. To bridge such a gap, in this study, we aimed to investigate the frequency of pure refined opium extract poisoning and its consequences in a sample of our patients. Methods: This retrospective study was conducted on all the patients presented to our center with pure refined opium extract poisoning. Patients' demographics, clinical and laboratory data, and outcome were collected during a ten-year period between 2006 and 2016. The included patients were divided into two groups: those who remained conscious and those who developed loss of consciousness. However, they were compared subsequently. Results: A total of 227 patients were evaluated. Most (75.8 %) of them were male. Mean age was 38.26±25.91 years. We found a significant correlation between educational (.038), marital (<.001), and occupational status (<.001) and age-gender groups of the patients. The mean amount of refined opium extract consumed was 4400 mg which had significant correlation with hospitalization period (<.001) and on-arrival rhabdomyolysis (<.001). We also found a correlation in vomiting (<.001), dizziness (.015), respiratory distress (.001), and apnea (<.001) between the two groups. The mean hospitalization period was 2.3 days and the mortality rate was 1.76%. Conclusion: Naloxone therapy use effective in most cases of pure poisoning with refined opium extract. There were four deaths incidences three of which happened due to cardiopulmonary arrest following body packing. Further studies in this type of poisoning are recommended. ER  - 
Long-term follow-up of neurosurgical outcomes for adult patients in Uganda with traumatic brain injury$$$ OBJECTIVE Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a major cause of mortality and morbidity in Uganda and other low- and middle-income countries (LMICs). Due to the difficulty of long-term in-person follow-up, there is a paucity of literature on longitudinal outcomes of TBI in LMICs. Using a scalable phone-centered survey, this study attempted to investigate factors associated with both mortality and quality of life in Ugandan patients with TBI. METHODS A prospective registry of adult patients with TBI admitted to the neurosurgical ward at Mulago National Referral Hospital was assembled. Long-term follow-up was conducted between 10.4 and 30.5 months after discharge (median 18.6 months). Statistical analyses included univariable and multivariable logistic regression and Cox proportional hazards regression to elucidate factors associated with mortality and long-term recovery. RESULTS A total of 1274 adult patients with TBI were included, of whom 302 (23.7%) died as inpatients. Patients who died as inpatients received surgery less frequently (p < 0.001), had more severe TBI at presentation (p < 0.001), were older (p < 0.001), and were more likely to be female (p < 0.0001). Patients presenting with TBI resulting from assault were at reduced risk of inpatient death compared with those presenting with TBI caused by road traffic accidents (OR 0.362, 95% CI 0.128-0.933). Inpatient mortality and postdischarge mortality prior to follow-up were 23.7% and 9%, respectively. Of those discharged, 60.8% were reached through phone interviews. Higher Glasgow Coma Scale score at discharge (continuous HR 0.71, 95% CI 0.53-0.94) was associated with improved long-term survival. Tracheostomy (HR 4.38, 95% CI 1.05-16.7) and older age (continuous HR 1.03, 95% CI 1.009-1.05) were associated with poor long-term outcomes. More than 15% of patients continued to suffer from TBI sequelae years after the initial injury, including seizures (6.1%) and depression (10.0%). Despite more than 60% of patients seeking follow-up healthcare visits, mortality was still 9% among discharged patients, suggesting a need for improved longitudinal care to monitor recovery progress. CONCLUSIONS Inpatient and postdischarge mortality remain high following admission to Uganda's main tertiary hospital with the diagnosis of TBI. Furthermore, posttraumatic sequelae, including seizures and depression, continue to burden patients years after discharge. Effective scalable solutions, including phone interviews, are needed to elucidate and address factors limiting in-hospital capacity and access to follow-up healthcare. ER  - 
PIH33 How Do Different Health Conditions IMPACT Dimensions of Pediatric Preference-Based Health-Related Quality of Life Measures?$$$ Objectives: The Child Health Utility instrument (CHU9D) and EQ-5D-Y are popular pediatric preference-based health-related quality of life (HRQOL) measures. This study aimed to investigate how health conditions influence dimensions of these measures by age and across time using Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL) data. Methods: We used the longitudinal study of Australian children (LSAC) data (2-18 years old). Parents reported the HRQOL for their child using the PedsQL, and whether their child had ongoing health conditions every two years. PedsQL items rated with a 5-point Likert scale were linearly transformed from 0-100. For each CHU9D dimension, we used the average of the relevant PedsQL items to represent a “CHU9D like” dimension score. Total score was the average of the dimension scores. “EQ-5D-Y like” scores were calculated similarly. We used linear mixed effects model to assess the influence of conditions on total and dimension scores. The HRQOL difference between two consecutive measurements was calculated to represent the HRQOL change across time. Results: The top 5 conditions with significant coefficients on CHU9D like total score for children 2-4 years are attention deficit disorder (ADD), frequent headache, soiling, diarrhea, and hearing problem. For 5-12 year olds, the most influential conditions are autism, anxiety/depression, ADD, epilepsy and day wetting; for 13-18 year olds they are depression, epilepsy, autism, recurrent chest pain and anxiety. The top 10 conditions in total score changes across time for 2-18 years are anxiety/depression, day wetting, recurrent abdominal pain, recurrent pain (other part), frequent headache, diarrhea, ear infection, bone/joint/muscle problem, hay fever, and ADD. The impact of different conditions varies by age and by dimensions (with expected directions). For EQ-5D-Y, the results are generally similar. Conclusions: There are distinct and overlapping influential conditions across age and by dimension. Validation for preference-based HRQOL measures should include a range of conditions. ER  - 
Self-reported and documented substance use among adolescents in the pediatric hospital$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Adolescent substance use is associated with numerous adverse health outcomes. A hospitalization represents an opportunity to identify and address substance use. We sought to describe self-reported and documented substance use among hospitalized adolescents. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional survey of adolescents aged 14 to 18 years old admitted to two pediatric hospitals between August 2019 and March 2020. Using previously validated questions, we assessed the proportion of adolescents reporting ever, monthly, and weekly use of alcohol, marijuana, tobacco, electronic cigarettes, and other illicit drugs and nonmedical use of prescription medications. We reviewed medical records for substance use documentation. RESULTS: Among 306 respondents, 57% were older (16-18 years old), 53% were female, and 55% were of non-Hispanic white race and ethnicity. The most frequently reported substances ever used were alcohol (39%), marijuana (33%), and electronic cigarettes (31%); 104 (34%) respondents reported ever use of.1 substance. Compared with younger adolescents, those aged 16 to 18 years were more likely to report ever use of alcohol (29% vs 46%; P =.002), marijuana (22% vs 41%; P,.001), and $2 drugs (26% vs 40%; P =.009). A positive substance use history was rarely documented (11% of records reviewed), and concordance between documented and self-reported substance use was also rare. CONCLUSIONS: In this study of hospitalized adolescents, the most commonly reported substances used were alcohol, marijuana, and electronic cigarettes. Positive substance use documentation was rare and often discordant with self-reported substance use. Efforts to improve systematic screening for substance use and interventions for prevention and cessation in hospitalized adolescents are critically needed. ER  - 
Prevalence of antibiotic allergy labels and their consequences in people presenting to a teaching hospital emergency department$$$ a retrospective chart review; Background: Antibiotic allergy labels have a direct impact on individual patient care and on the consumption of broad-spectrum antibiotics. Objective: Our aim was to establish the prevalence of antibiotic allergies and to determine whether patients with documented antibiotic allergy labels received guideline concordant antimicrobial therapy. Additionally we wanted to evaluate the quality of allergy documentation in the medical record. Method: Prospective audit of all patients presenting to the Emergency Department of an adult teaching hospital in Sydney over a 4 month period. Documented allergy labels, diagnoses, antibiotic administration and outcomes were recorded. Appropriateness of antibiotic choice was based on the Australian National Antimicrobial Prescribing Survey. Results: 9.9% of presentations had at least one antibiotic allergy recorded. Significantly more women than men had antibiotic allergies documented. One third of patients with documented antibiotic allergies were prescibed inappropriate antibiotic therapy and some had significant adverse events. Conclusion: The documentation of antibiotic allergy labels and choice of antibiotic treatment can be significantly improved. Strategies to safely de-label people with documented allergies who are not truly allergic need to be implemented. ER  - 
Cutaneous adverse reactions associated with antiseizure medication: clinical characteristics and implications in epilepsy treatment$$$ Objective. To describe the clinical characteristics of cutaneous adverse reactions and cross-sensitivity induced by antiseizure medications and compare the pattern of use of antiseizure medications in patients with epilepsy according to skin rash history. Methods. We analysed patients with a history of skin rash presenting for up to 12 weeks after initiating antiseizure medication. The history of skin rash was verified by medical charts, interviews, and identification of skin lesions by patients based on illustrative images. The minimum follow-up period was eight months. The control group comprised epilepsy patients with regular antiseizure medication use for at least 12 weeks without skin rash. We included 109 cases and 99 controls. Results. The median (interquartile range) period from the index rash was six years (2–11). Carbamazepine was the trigger medication in 48% of cases and induced skin rashes in all patients with cross-sensitivity and carbamazepine exposure. Stevens-Johnson syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis, or drug reactions with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms affected 36% of cases. Carbamazepine- or oxcarbazepine-induced maculopapular exanthema occurred earlier (median: one week) than that induced by other antiseizure medications (median: three weeks) (p=0.006). Cross-sensitivity was more common in patients with at least one episode of Stevens-Johnson syndrome (29%) and Stevens-Johnson/toxic epidermal necrolysis overlap (50%) than in patients with maculopapular exanthema (8%) (p=0.01). Although most cases were mild, the pattern of antiseizure medication use differed from that of controls, with a lower proportion of antiseizure medication typically associated with severe cutaneous adverse reactions (carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, primidone, oxcarbazepine, and lamotrigine) (p<0.001). Most cases exposed to high-risk medication, however, did not develop cross-sensitivity. Significance. Cutaneous adverse reaction history may influence antiseizure medication use. Cross-sensitivity is more common in severe cases and most patients are affected by mild, self-limited skin rashes. Further research should consider the relevance of mild skin rashes in lifelong epilepsy treatment. ER  - 
Gabapentin for cessation of smoking and non-smoking tobacco habits in Indian population$$$ BACKGROUND: The effectiveness of gabapentin in tobacco dependence has been evaluated by many researchers. The randomized control trials, testing the efficacy of gabapentin in quitting the habit in smokers and users of smokeless tobacco, have not been published yet. We attempted to address this lacuna in knowledge in reducing dependence on tobacco use by gabapentin. METHODS: Our study involves 150 study subjects, 75 of whom were identified as chronic users of tobacco and assigned randomly to one of the three groups consisting of 25 subjects each. Gabapentin in tablet form was prescribed thrice a day for 8 weeks wherein group 1 received a dose of 300mg, group 2 received 600 mg, and group 3 was prescribed 900 mg. An age and sex matched control group have received calcium tablets as placebo in three times daily dose for a period of 8 weeks. RESULTS: Among the three doses of gabapentin, stoppage of habit was reported to be highest in the group-2 followed by group 1 and group 3 respectively. In our study, we found differences in response to quitting tobacco use between duration of habit prior to pharmacologic intervention amongst both smokers and the users of smokeless tobacco. CONCLUSIONS: Gabapentin at dose of 600 mg TDS has optimum effect. Smokers having smoking for more than ten years showed notable benefit with gabapentin. Among smokeless tobacco users who quit tobacco dependence was better having history of habit less than 2 years. ER  - 
Neonatal Outcomes in the MONEAD Study of Pregnant Women with Epilepsy$$$ Objective: To determine whether growth measures at birth differ between offspring of pregnant women with epilepsy and healthy pregnant women. Study design: The Maternal Outcomes and Neurodevelopmental Effects of Antiepileptic Drugs (MONEAD) study is a National Institutes of Health–funded, prospective, observational, multicenter investigation of pregnancy outcomes for mothers and their infants. Between 2012 and 2016, pregnant women with epilepsy and healthy pregnant women were enrolled at 20 US epilepsy centers. Pregnant women with epilepsy were exposed to various antiepileptic drugs. The main outcome measure was small for gestational age at birth. Principal univariate and multivariate analyses compared outcomes between pregnant women with epilepsy and healthy pregnant women. Secondary analyses focused on outcomes among mothers receiving different antiepileptic drug therapies. Results: In total, 345 infants were born to 331 pregnant women with epilepsy and 106 infants were born to 102 healthy pregnant women. No differences were seen between infants born to pregnant women with epilepsy vs healthy pregnant women in preterm births, major congenital malformations, 5-minute Apgar <6, special care nursery or neonatal intensive care unit admission, gestational age, or any growth measure. There was no difference in the rates of small for gestational age status among infants born to pregnant women with epilepsy vs healthy pregnant women; however, infants born to mothers receiving topiramate had lower birth weight z scores and lamotrigine higher birth weight z scores compared with other monotherapies. The greatest rate of special care nursery or neonatal intensive care unit admission was observed among those on oxcarbazepine monotherapy. Conclusions: Maternal treatment with antiepileptic drugs, overall, appears unassociated with adverse early neonatal outcomes. However, specific monotherapies appear to affect fetal growth with, on average, the greatest reduction in birth weight z score observed among infants born to pregnant women with epilepsy exposed to topiramate monotherapy. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.govNCT01730170 ER  - 
Clinical epidemiology and treatment outcome of Hexaconazole poisoning – A prospective six year study$$$ Background: Hexaconazole is a category 3/4 of poison as per the W.H.O Expert Group on Pesticide Residues. Hexaconazole is used to control infection by fungi in paddy and other crops. Apart from destroying the target species, it can also cause damage to humans. There have been discrete reports of instances of human poisoning due to hexaconazole. Methodology: A patient record-based cross-sectional study was carried out in Konaseema Institute of Medical Science & Research Foundation, Amalapuram, Andhra Pradesh, India during a period from March 2014 to April 2020 on 26 confirmed cases of hexaconazole poisoning. The clinic-demographic data, hematological, and biochemical parameters at the time of admission and at 72 hrs as well as the outcome were recorded and analyzed using descriptive statistics and paired t test. Result: The prevalence of hexaconazole poisoning was 4.79% of all poisoning cases. The major clinical presentation was gastrointestinal symptoms with vomiting being commonest. There was no significant change in the biochemical and hematological parameters. The mean duration of hospitalization was 4.93+1.39 days. The recovery rate was 100% without any major sequel. Conclusion: Poisoning due to hexaconazole is uncommon in comparison to poisoning by other pesticides in the agricultural community. The clinical manifestations of hexaconazole poisoning indicated that it is of non-serious nature and its recovery was without any sequel. ER  - 
Ventriculitis: A Severe Complication of Central Nervous System Infections$$$ Background: Ventriculitis, a dreaded complication of brain abscess, meningitis, and various neurosurgical procedures, has attracted limited attention in the medical literature. Methods: This is a retrospective, single-center study. We screened the medical files of all patients who had a brain imaging report that included the word "ventriculitis"during years 2005-2019. Only patients with clinical, microbiological, and imaging features of ventriculitis were included. Data were collected through a standardized questionnaire. Results: Ninety-eight patients fulfilled inclusion criteria: 42 women and 56 men, and the median age was 60 years (interquartile range, 48-68). The primary mechanism for ventriculitis was classified as follows: brain abscess (n = 29, 29.6%), meningitis (n = 27, 27.6%), intraventricular catheter-related (n = 17, 17.3%), post-neurosurgery (n = 13, 13.3%), and hematogenous (n = 12, 12.2%). The main neuroimaging features were intraventricular pus (n = 81, 82.7%), ependymal enhancement (n = 70, 71.4%), and intraventricular loculations (n = 15, 15.3%). The main pathogens were streptococci (n = 44, 44.9%), Gram-negative bacilli (n = 27, 27.6%), and staphylococci (n = 15, 15.3%). In-hospital and 1-year mortality rates were 30.6% (n = 30) and 38.8% (n = 38), respectively. Neurological sequelae were reported in 34 of 55 (61.8%) survivors, including cognitive impairment (n = 11), gait disturbances (n = 9), paresis (n = 7), behavior disorder (n = 6), and epilepsy (n = 5). On multivariate analysis, age >65 years, Glasgow Coma Scale score <13 at initial presentation, status epilepticus, hydrocephalus, and positive cerebrospinal fluid culture were associated with 1-year mortality. We built a scoring system to stratify patients with ventriculitis into low risk (12.5%), intermediate risk (36.5%), and high risk (71.4%) of death. Conclusions: Ventriculitis is a severe complication of brain abscess, meningitis, or neurosurgery, with an in-hospital mortality rate of 30% and neurological sequelae in 60% of survivors. ER  - 
Quantitative Electroencephalography in Patients With Depression and Epilepsy Spectrum Disorder and Its Correlation With Clinical Features of Depression$$$ Objectives: To determine the associations of epilepsy spectrum disorder (ESD) with brain insult and certain quantitative electroencephalographic (QEEG) and clinico-demographic parameters in patients with depression. Methods: 21 right-handed patients aged 18 to 50 years with the diagnosis of depression and ESD (scored ^70 in Iowa Interview for Partial seizure-like symptoms) were compared with 21 patients with depression but without ESD (scored <70) and 21 normal subjects with <3 positive scores on the 12-Item General Health Questionnaire. Their QEEG parameters such as power spectrum and coherence of five frequency bands in 11 regions were compared. Results: Patients with ESD had more minor traumatic brain injury along with more severe and multiple depressive episodes. Patients with ESD had significantly higher betal power over all regions on the left scalp than did normal subjects. Patients with ESD had significantly higher beta2 power over the left central region than did patients with no ESD and normal subjects. Conclusions: For patients with severe recurrent depression, clinicians should systematically check for episodic partial seizure-like phenomena, especially when QEEG shows electrical disorganisation in the left side in those with mild traumatic brain injury. ER  - 
Physical Frailty and Cognitive Impairment in Older Adults in United States Nursing Homes$$$ Introduction: In older US nursing home (NH) residents, there is limited research on the prevalence of physical frailty, its potential dynamic changes, and its association with cognitive impairment in older adults' first 6 months of NH stay. Methods: Minimum Data Set (MDS) 3.0 is the national database on residents in US Medicare-/Medicaid-certified NHs. MDS 3.0 was used to identify older adults aged ≥65 years, newly admitted to NHs during January 1, 2014, and June 30, 2016, with life expectancy ≥6 months at admission and NH length of stay ≥6 months (N = 571,139). MDS 3.0 assessments at admission, 3 months, and 6 months were used. In each assessment, physical frailty was measured by FRAIL-NH (robust, prefrail, and frail) and cognitive impairment by Brief Interview for Mental Status and Cognitive Performance Scale (none/mild, moderate, and severe). Demographic characteristics and diagnosed conditions were measured at admission, while presence of pain and receipt of psychotropic medications were at each assessment. Distribution of physical frailty and its change over time by cognitive impairment were described. A nonproportional odds model was fitted with a generalized estimation equation to longitudinally examine the association between physical frailty and cognitive impairment, adjusting for demographic and clinical characteristics. Results: Around 60% of older residents were physically frail in the first 6 months. Improvement and worsening across physical frailty levels were observed. Particularly, in those who were prefrail at admission, 23% improved to robust by 3 months. At admission, 3 months, and 6 months, over 37% of older residents had severe cognitive impairment and about 70% of those with cognitive impairment were physically frail. At admission, older residents with moderate cognitive impairment were 35% more likely (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 1.35, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.33-1.37) and those with severe impairment were 74% more likely (aOR: 1.74, 95% CI: 1.72-1.77) to be frail than prefrail/robust, compared to those with none/mild impairment. The association between the 2 conditions remained positive and consistently increased over time. Discussion/Conclusion: Physical frailty was prevalent in NHs with potential to improve and was strongly associated with cognitive impairment. Physical frailty could be a modifiable target, and interventions may include efforts to address cognitive impairment. ER  - 
Cannabis, a Miracle Drug with Polyvalent Therapeutic Utility: Preclinical and Clinical-Based Evidence$$$ Cannabis sativa L. is an annual herbaceous dioecious plant which was first cultivated by agricultural human societies in Asia. Over the period of time, various parts of the plant like leaf, flower, and seed were used for recreational as well as therapeutic purposes. The main chemical components of Cannabis sativa are termed as cannabinoids, among them the key psychoactive constituent is Δ-9-tetrahydrocannabinol and cannabidiol (CBD) as active nonpsychotic constituent. Upon doing extensive literature review, it was found that cannabis has been widely studied for a number of disorders. Very recently, a pure CBD formulation, named Epidiolex, got a green flag from both United States Food and Drug Administration and Drug Enforcement Administration for 2 rare types of epilepsies. This laid a milestone in medical cannabis research. This review intends to give a basic and extensive assessment, from past till present, of the ethnological, plant, chemical, pharmacological, and legal aspects of C. sativa. Further, this review contemplates the evidence the studies obtained of cannabis components on Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, multiple sclerosis, emesis, epilepsy, chronic pain, and cancer as a cytotoxic agent as well as a palliative therapy. The assessment in this study was done by reviewing in extensive details from studies on historical importance, ethnopharmacological aspects, and legal grounds of C. sativa from extensive literature available on the scientific databases, with a vision for elevating further pharmaceutical research to investigate its total potential as a therapeutic agent. ER  - 
A neurological appearance of celiac disease: Is there any associated factor?$$$ Objective Celiac disease may present with one or more neurological signs and/or symptoms. We aimed to define the incidence of accompanying neurological manifestations in children diagnosed as having celiac disease. Methods The prospective study included 146 children diagnosed as having celiac disease. The medical records (presentation symptoms, clinical findings, serological test, duodenal biopsy results, lack/deficiency of vitamin, tissue type, accompanying autoimmune disorders) and demographic data of all patients were also reviewed. Results Thirty-five (23.9%) of the 146 celiac patients exhibited one or more neurological findings. Headache (11.6%) and dizziness (6.1%) were the most common symptoms among neurological manifestations. There was a significant difference between the patients with and without neurological manifestations in terms of sex, biopsy result, and tissue type (P < 0.05). Moreover, there was a statistically significant difference between tissue types of the patients with and without headache (P < 0.05). We found that grade 3a by Marsh classification was the most common type among the patients with and without neurological findings in celiac disease. On neuroimaging evaluation of patients, 1 patient with chronic focal ischemic lesion, 1 patient with Chiari type 1 malformation, and 1 patient with subcortical white matter changes were identified. Conclusions Pathophysiology of neurological involvement in celiac disease is liable for various neurological findings. This study contributes to data suggesting that female sex, mild histopathological form, and human leukocyte antigen DQ2 heterozygosity are related to neurological manifestations, and also human leukocyte antigen DQ2 heterozygosity is associated with headache in celiac disease. ER  - 
Pediatric conditions requiring interfacility transport from emergency departments: A statewide study of regionalization$$$ Objectives Pediatric care is increasingly regionalized, increasing rates of interfacility transport (IFT). However, it is unknown what conditions most frequently require IFT. This study's objective was to identify high-frequency pediatric conditions requiring IFT. Methods This is a statewide retrospective observational study from 2010 to 2012 of pediatric patients (<18 years of age) who underwent IFT in Maryland. Patients were identified from the Health Care Utilization Project's database using probabilistic linkage. This study identified the 20 most common pediatric IFT conditions, and the conditions with the highest IFT rates. Results Probabilistic linkage was successful for 2254 records. The largest age category was 0 to 4 years (43%). The top 3 IFT conditions were asthma (13.5%), epilepsy (8.5%), and diabetes mellitus (6.6%). Diabetes mellitus had the highest IFT rate (24%), followed by appendicitis (15.5%) and internal obstruction (14.4%). Conclusions Specific pediatric conditions commonly require IFT and had high IFT rates in this statewide study. In addition, the largest age group undergoing IFT was young children (0 to 4 years of age). This study provides specific detail regarding conditions and ages impacted by IFT, and emergency medical services should consider incorporating these findings into transport destination algorithms. In addition, public health stakeholders should address implications of the concentration of care for these common pediatric conditions and younger age groups. ER  - 
Pregnancy outcomes in patients with musculoskeletal disorders. (Retrospective study and Management guide)$$$ Objective The study determines the impact of musculoskeletal disorders on the pregnancy outcome and provides management guide during pregnancy. Design Retrospective analysis of the perinatal outcomes among 263 pregnant women with different musculoskeletal disorders during the period between January 2013 and January 2018. Method A retrospective analysis of the records of the antenatal, intrapartum and perinatal data among all women referred to a large tertiary hospital with a confirmed musculoskeletal disorder. Demographic data including parity, gestational age, clinical diagnosis, associated complications, gestational age at delivery, mode of delivery, birth weight, fetal and maternal complications were determined. Statistical analysis was performed by SPSS program using mean calculation, standard deviations, ANOVA (Analysis of variance) and chi-square tests. Results Among 23 993 deliveries at our tertiary Hospital during the period January 2013 till January 2018; we identified 263 pregnancies with confirmed musculoskeletal disorders representing an overall incidence of 1.09% among pregnant women in our demographic population. The mean age for referral to our high-risk antenatal care service was 17 weeks where most pregnant women with high risk medical conditions are seen at the joint obstetric- medical medicine clinic. Among them the most commonly encountered disorder was scoliosis 68 cases (26%), followed by generalized joint hypermobility disorder 47 (18%), fibromyalgia 36 cases (14%), Ehlers-Danlos-Syndrome 31 cases (12%), in addition to sacroiliac iliac Joint dysfunction among 30 cases. The most commonly associated condition was anxiety and depression in 120 cases (46%), followed by asthma 57 cases (22%) in addition to epilepsy and cardiac valvular disease (21 and 20 cases respectively). The mean Body mass index was 27.56(with a median of 26.4). The mean gestational age at delivery was 38 weeks + 4 days with 14 cases of preterm delivery before 37 weeks + 6 days (representing 5.32%) and 10 cases of cervical incompetence representing 3.8%.In 179 cases the mode of delivery was achieved vaginally (68.4%), and by caesarean section in 64 cases (31.9%)- compared to 70.4% and 29.6% respectively in our overall demographic population. The mean birth weight was 3450 g±240 and the mean neonatal cord Ph was 7.24±0.3. The mean blood loss at delivery was 430 ml±80 and the most commonly encountered postnatal complication was endometritis in 11 cases (4.2%). Conclusions Musculoskeletal disorders are not uncommon during pregnancy and are usually associated with other medical co-morbidities. They are usually associated with good pregnancy outcomes with possibly higher incidence of postpartum complications. ER  - 
Concussion and Risk of Chronic Medical and Behavioral Health Comorbidities$$$ While chronic neurological effects from concussion have been studied widely, little is known about possible links between concussion and long-term medical and behavioral comorbidities. We performed a retrospective cohort study of 9205 adult patients with concussion, matched to non-concussion controls from a hospital-based electronic medical registry. Patients with comorbidities before the index visit were excluded. Behavioral and medical comorbidities were defined by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth and Tenth Revision codes. Groups were followed for up to 10 years to identify comorbidity incidence after a concussion. Cox proportional hazards models were used to calculate associations between concussion and comorbidities after multi-variable adjustment. Patients with concussion were 57% male (median age: 31; interquartile range [IQR] = 23-48 years) at enrollment with a median follow-up time of 6.1 years (IQR = 4.2-9.1) and well-matched to healthy controls. Most (83%) concussions were evaluated in outpatient settings (5% inpatient). During follow-up, we found significantly higher risks of cardiovascular risks developing including hypertension (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.7, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.5-1.9), obesity (HR = 1.7, 95% CI: 1.3-2.0), and diabetes mellitus (HR = 1.8, 95% CI: 1.4-2.3) in the concussion group compared with controls. Similarly, psychiatric and neurological disorders such as depression (HR = 3.0, 95% CI: 2.6-3.5), psychosis (HR = 6.0, 95% CI: 4.2-8.6), stroke (HR = 2.1 95% CI: 1.5-2.9), and epilepsy (HR = 4.4, 95% CI: 3.2-5.9) were higher in the concussion group. Most comorbidities developed less than five years post-concussion. The risks for post-concussion comorbidities were also higher in patients under 40 years old compared with controls. Patients with concussion demonstrated an increased risk of development of medical and behavioral health comorbidities. Prospective studies are warranted to better describe the burden of long-term comorbidities in patients with concussion. ER  - 
Valproic acid (VPA) as a benzodiazepine (BZD) and antipsychotic (AP) sparing treatment for agitation associatedwith hyperactive delirium$$$ Introduction Delirium is a frequent complication of advanced cancer. AP and BZD are prescribed for hyperactive delirium despite side effects and lack of supportive evidence. VPA improves agitation without QTc prolongation, excessive sedation or parkinsonism. However, high quality evidence for this is lacking. Methods Retrospective review of inpatients seen by palliative medicine from October 2019 to April 2020 who received VPA for at least 24 hours for the management of agitation due to delirium. We excluded patients who had VPA for seizures or bipolar disorder. Agitation response was categorized as: better, worse or unchanged based on documentation at day 3 and 5 after VPA initiation. We evaluated use of AP and BZD starting 24 hours before initiation and up to 3 days after VPA. Results We identified 20 patients. Mean age was 76. 10 were women and 11 had cancer. Mean daily VPA dose was 909 mg. 11/17 (65%) and 10/13 (77%) of patients living at day 3 and 5, respectively, had improvement of agitation. 6 patients, all on comfort care, developed somnolence. No other side effects were reported. 10 patients did not require BZDs and APs. Of the remaining 10, 8 had either BZDs or APs and 2 had both. 13 patients were on comfort measures or had comfort measures initiated within 24 hours of initial VPA dose. Average length of stay was 15 days (3-36). 10 patients died in the hospital and 4 were discharged with hospice. Conclusions VPA is an alternative to APs and BZDs in the management of agitation in palliative care patients with delirium. ER  - 
Paternal exposure to antiepileptic drugs and offspring outcomes: Nationwide Population-based Cohort Study in Sweden$$$ Objectives: To investigate the association between paternal use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes and major congenital malformations in the offspring Design, Setting and Participants: Population-based cohort study in Sweden, including more than 1.1 million singleton-birth children at ≥22 completed gestational weeks born between 2006 and 2016. Exposure: Children born to fathers without epilepsy, with epilepsy, with and without AED medications use during conception, identified by individual record linkages of nationwide Swedish registries. Main outcome measures: Major congenital malformations, autism spectrum disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and intellectual disability in the offspring. Results: We included 1 144 795 births to 741 726 fathers without epilepsy and 4 544 births to 2 955 fathers with epilepsy. Of these, 2 087 (45.9%) were born to fathers with epilepsy, who had dispensed an AED during the conception period. Offspring of fathers exposed to AEDs did not show an increased risk of major congenital malformations (odds ratio 0.9 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.7 to 1.2), autism (hazard ratio (HR) 0.9, 95% CI 0.5 to 1.7), ADHD (HR 1.1, 95% CI 0.7 to 1.9), or intellectual disability (HR 1.3, 95% CI 0.6 to 2.8) compared with offspring of fathers with epilepsy not exposed to AEDs. Among offspring of fathers with epilepsy who used valproate in monotherapy during conception, rates of autism (2.9/1 000 child-years), and intellectual disability (1.4/1 000 child-years) were slightly higher compared with the offspring of fathers with epilepsy who did not use AEDs during conception (2.1/1 000 child-years autism, 0.9/1 000 child-years intellectual disability), but in the propensity-score adjusted analyses, no statistical significant increased risk of adverse outcomes was found. After adjusting for potential confounders, children born to fathers with epilepsy had 30% increased risk of autism, 60% higher risk of ADHD and intellectual disability, compared with children born to fathers without epilepsy. Conclusions: Our data provide reassurance for fathers with epilepsy that AED use during conception is not associated with adverse outcomes in the offspring. Hence, there is no support for regulatory restriction regarding use of valproate or other AEDs among men with epilepsy that may father children. ER  - 
Neurologic Complications after Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation: Analysis of Risk Factors. A Single Center Study over 20 Years of Follow-Up$$$ Background: The outcome of allogeneic hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation (allo-HSCT) is still affected by a considerable transplant-related mortality (TRM). The occurrence of neurological complications (NC), especially those of the central nervous system (CNS), is associated with a significant rate of morbidity and mortality. Calcineurin inhibitors (CNI), like Cyclosporine A (CsA) and Tacrolimus (TAC), represent the most commonly administered immunosuppression for the prophylaxis of Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD) and are associated with an increased risk of neurotoxicity. We analyzed the NC arising after allo-HSCT, in order to identify potential avoidable risk factors, with a special focus on the role of CNIs (CsA versus TAC). Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of CNScomplications in a cohort of 739 patients receiving allo-HSCT with a CNI-based GvHD-prophylaxis over a period of 20 years (12/1999-04/2019) at the Bone Marrow Transplantation Unit at the University Hospital of Ulm (Germany). Patients developing NC during follow-up underwent neurological assessment, neuroimaging (CTscan or MRI), electroencephalography and lumbar puncture, including microbiological analysis. TRM and OS were calculated using the Kaplan-Meier method. A multivariate analysis using COX regression hazard model was used in order to identify potential risk factors for the development of NC after transplant. Results: The incidence of CNS-complications in our population was 17%, with 129 out of 739 patients developing a total of 152 NC. The most frequently detected CNS-complications were the CNI-related ones (41%), ranging from headache, confusion and hallucinations to seizures, posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) and transplant associated thrombotic microangiopathy (TA-TMA), followed by infections (31%), vascular events (13%) and metabolic encephalopathy (5%). The occurrence of NC after transplant proved to exert a negative impact on outcome in term of TRM (HR 7.22, p < 0.001) and OS (HR 5.37, p < 0.001). According to multivariate analysis, risk factors for the occurrence of CNS-complications were: advanced age at the time of transplant (p = 0.002), the use of TBI in the conditioning regimen (p < 0.001), the development of severe acute GvHD (grade 3-4, p < 0.001) or chronic GvHD (any severity grade, p = 0.008) and the use of TAC as GvHD-prophylaxis (p = 0.007). This higher risk of NC in the TAC cohort was almost entirely due to a higher incidence of severe TA-TMA. Comparing the outcome of patients receiving TAC versus CsA we observed that the increased risk for neurotoxcity didn't affect the overall outcome, since in multivariate analysis the use of TAC improved TRM (HR 0.75, p = 0.053) and ultimately OS (HR 0.76, p = 0.024). Conclusions: Our data suggest a possible increase of NC for patients undergoing GvHD-prophylaxis with TAC, especially considering the development of severe TATMA. Nevertheless TAC proved to exert a positive influence on OS and TRM. Although these findings need to be further validated in larger prospective and randomized studies, they could be of potential clinical relevance, suggesting the need for a balance between the risk of developing NC (e.g. avoiding TAC in high risk patients) and the potential survival benefits coming from the immunosuppressive action of TAC (e.g. considering a stricter TA-TMA monitoring in this setting). ER  - 
Long-term outcomes of children born to women with rheumatoid arthritis$$$ Background: Children born to women with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) have increased incidences of adverse neonatal outcomes and a potential excess risk of specific diseases during childhood and adolescence [1]. Further studies aimed at confirming long-term consequences in the offspring are needed. Objectives: To evaluate whether maternal RA has an impact on the health and developmental outcomes of the offspring. Methods: A retrospective descriptive study was conducted on data regarding 43 children born to mothers diagnosed with either RA or juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) prior to conception. Participants were recruited from several Clinics of Rheumatology located across Romania. Data on neonatal outcomes, lactation, developmental milestones, childhood illnesses, and hospitalizations was collected using a patient-reported questionnaire completed by maternal participants in 2020. Results: Favorable neonatal outcomes were found in 81% of the participants; however, children of mothers with RA had a higher occurrence of favorable outcomes than those with JIA (p = 0.009). Adverse neonatal outcomes reported include the following: small for gestational age (11.6%), intrauterine growth restriction (4.65%), and preterm births (2.75%). There were no incidences of congenital malformations. The mean birth weights of offspring born to mothers with RA are higher than those with JIA (p = 0.00829). While the majority of the children were breastfed (88.4%), those who were not breastfed were hospitalized more often than those who were breastfed for any period of time (p = 0.03). Mothers who experienced a postpartum flare up within the first 4 months breastfed their children significantly less than those who did not have a flare up (14.62 versus 48 weeks, p = 0.00011). The mean age of the children at inclusion was 7.6 ± 5.5 years. Developmental milestones were considered to be within the expected average limits, except for an increased incidence of delayed speech (12%). 51.2% of the children were hospitalized at some point during their childhood, with viral enterocolitis, tonsilitis, bronchiolitis, and pneumonia being the most frequently encountered reasons for admission. Surprisingly, children with favorable neonatal outcomes were hospitalized more often than those with unfavorable outcomes (p = 0.0000436). Additionally, children born to mothers under the age of 35 were hospitalized more often than those over 35 (p = 0.02). 77.3% of offspring experienced recurrent ear/nose/throat (ENT) infections, 55.8% had allergies, and 39.5% were diagnosed with atopic dermatitis. Childhood allergies were strongly associated with an increased incidence of atopic dermatitis (p = 0.0000585), as was a concurrent maternal thrombophilia diagnosis (p = 0.03). Of the remaining childhood afflictions that were assessed asthma/chronic respiratory diseases (4.65%), juvenile idiopathic arthritis (2.33%), ulcerative colitis (2.33%), diabetes, anxiety/personality disorders, thyroid diseases, febrile seizures, and epilepsy did not yield statistically significant results. Conclusion: Maternal RA was found to be associated with increased incidences of adverse neonatal outcomes, childhood hospitalizations, recurrent ENT infections, allergies, and atopic dermatitis. However, overall health outcomes of offspring did not show alarmingly significant excess morbidities. ER  - 
Ocular Characteristic in a Cohort of Neuronal Ceroid Lipofuscinoses/ Batten Disease Patients$$$ Purpose : Understanding the ocular manifestation of Neuronal Ceroid Lipofuscin (NCL) (Batten disease) is crucial to initiate investigation of the diagnosis as visual decline is often the presenting feature in NCL. This study reports the electrophysiological and multimodal imaging that provides clues to suspect NCL and urgent neurologic and genetic referral. Methods : Retrospective review of six Batten patients. Visual acuity (VA), electroretinogram (ERG), ultra wide-field (UWF) fundus photography and autofluorescence (FAF), and ocular coherence tomography (OCT) were analyzed. Results : Six unrelated children, 4 female and 2 male ranging from 4.6 to 11.7 years old with 5 CLN3 mutation and CLN5 mutation. The patients from the cohort had previous diagnosis of speech delay, autism, attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder prior to their first Ophthalmic review. Estimated interval between eye complaint and genetic result was 22.9±14.9 months. VAs ranged from 0.18 to 1.00 logMAR with follow up (FU) obtainable from 3 patients. Two CLN3 patients and 1 CLN5 patient had 0.81±0.35 logMAR and 0.36±0.02 logMAR loss per year during 2.35 and 4.87 years FU respectively. Electronegative ERGs were identified in each patient. Bull's eye maculopathies were common with hyperAF ring surrounding hypoAF fovea on FAF. Macular OCT findings were schitic changes (1 patients) and ellipsoid zone (EZ) loss at the fovea (4 patients). Conclusions : While VAs were variable, macular disruption and electronegative ERG were consistent across the NCL cohort. These macular OCT and ERG findings provide strong evidence to initiate further investigations including genetic testing for NCL. ER  - 
A Service Evaluation of the Experiences of Patients With Functional Neurological Disorders Within the NHS$$$ Previous research into Functional Neurological Disorder (FND) has shown that there are significant barriers in providing patient-centred care. However, there has been no specific research into whether patient experiences of care for FND meet the current standards of care. This study aimed to investigate the types of problems experienced by FND patients, and whether these differed to patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). FND (n = 40) and MS patients (n = 37) were recruited from NHS tertiary neurology clinics and completed questionnaires on their experiences of health care services. Significant differences in experiences of care between the two patient groups were found, with FND patients reporting significantly more problems in their diagnosis and treatment (p = 0.003), patient-centred care (p < 0.001), relationships with healthcare professionals (p < 0.001), and in accessing community care (p = 0.001). Limitations include a small sample size, specificity to a single centre, and cross-sectional design. The results suggest that current care for FND patients is not meeting expected standards for long-term neurological conditions, highlighting the need for structured care pathways and patient-centred care. ER  - 
A Phase 2 Randomised Clinical Trial Assessing the Tolerability of Two Different Ratios of Medicinal Cannabis in Patients With High Grade Gliomas$$$ Background: Cannabis for cancer is very topical and, given the use of illicit cannabis preparations used in this vulnerable population, research investigating standardised, quality-assured medicinal cannabis is critical to inform clinicians and assist patient safety. Methods: A randomized trial involving adult patients diagnosed with a high-grade glioma, no history of substance abuse, liver or kidney damage or myocardial infarction were eligible for inclusion in a tolerability study on two different ratios of medicinal cannabis. Baseline screening of brain morphology, blood pathology, functional status, and cognition was conducted. A retrospective control group was used for comparison for secondary outcomes. Results: Participants (n=88) were on average 53.3 years old. A paired t-test assessed the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy for Brain Cancer (FACT-Br) between groups from baseline to week 12 found that the 1:1 ratio favoured both physical (p=0.025) and functional (p=0.014) capacity and improved sleep (p=0.009). Analysis of changes from baseline to week 12 also found 11% of 61 participants had a reduction in disease, 34% were stable, 16% had slight enhancement, and 10% had progressive disease. No serious adverse events occurred. Side effects included dry mouth, tiredness at night, dizziness, drowsiness. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that a single nightly dose of THC-containing medicinal cannabis was safe, had no serious adverse effects and was well tolerated in patients. Medicinal cannabis significantly improved sleep, functional wellbeing, and quality of life. Clinical Trial Registration : Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ANZCTR) http://www.anzctr.org.au/Trial/Registration/TrialReview.aspx?id=373556&isReview=true, identifier ACTRN12617001287325. ER  - 
Physical-mental multimorbidity in children and youth: A scoping review$$$ Objective Efforts to describe the current state of research are needed to advance the field of physical-mental multimorbidity (ie, the co-occurrence of at least one physical illness and at least one mental disorder) among children and youth. Our objective was to systematically explore the breadth of physical-mental multimorbidity research in children and youth and to provide an overview of existing literature topics. Design Scoping review. Methods We conducted a systematic search of four key databases: PubMed, EMBASE, PsycINFO and Scopus as well as a thorough scan of relevant grey literature. We included studies of any research design, published in English, referring to physical-mental multimorbidity among children and youth aged ≤18 years. Studies were screened for eligibility and data were extracted, charted and summarised narratively by research focus. Critical appraisal was employed using the modified Quality Index (QI). Results We included 431 studies and 2 sources of grey literature. Existing research emphasises the co-occurrence of anxiety, mood and attention disorders among children with epilepsy, asthma and allergy. Evidence consists of mostly small, observational studies that use cross-sectional data. The average QI score across applicable studies was 9.1 (SD=1.8). Conclusions There is a pressing need for more robust research within the field of child physical-mental multimorbidity. ER  - 
Factors Influencing Mood Disorders and Health Related Quality of Life in Adults With Glioma: A Longitudinal Study$$$ Objective: At present, it is not clear whether Mood Disorders (MD) and poor Health Related Quality of Life (HRQoL) in the glioma population correlate with features of the tumor, or rather with secondary symptoms associated with treatment. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of MD and decline in HRQoL in glioma patients, and to determine the main factors associated with these two variables. Methods: 80 patients affected by lower-grade gliomas (LGGs) and 65 affected by high-grade gliomas (HGGs) were evaluated, from admission up to 12 months after surgery, for MD, HRQoL, clinical characteristics, and cognitive functions. Independent factors associated with MD and low HRQoL were identified by using bivariate analysis. Results: Data showed that prevalence of low HRQoL was comparable in both groups during all the time points assessed (pre, 1, 3, 6 and 12 months after surgery). In contrast at 6 months following surgery, HGGs showed a higher prevalence of MD compared to LGGs;. Bivariate analysis revealed that factors associated with MD and HRQoL in LGGs and HGGs were different over the course of the disease. In LGGs, from the pre-operative period to one year post surgery, MD and low HRQOL were associated with the occurrence of cognitive deficits and, from the third month after surgery onward, they were also associated with the effect exerted by adjuvant treatments. In HGGs, MD were associated with cognitive deficits at 3 and 6 months after surgery, along with older age (65-75 years); HRQoL, in its Physical component in particular, was associated with older age only from 6 months after surgery. Conclusion: Factors associated with MD and low HRQoL were different in LGGs and HGGs over the course of the disease. In LGGs the effect of adjuvant treatments was prominent in determining the prevalence of both MD and poor HRQoL from the third month after surgery onward. In HGGs, MD and HRQoL were associated with age, at 3 and 6 months after surgery. In both, the occurrence of cognitive deficits was significantly associated with MD. ER  - 
Clinical Character of CASPR2 Autoimmune Encephalitis: A Multiple Center Retrospective Study$$$ Objective: To examine the clinical characteristics of autoimmune encephalitis associated with the contactin-associated protein-2 (CASPR2) antibody. Materials and Methods: Medical records of all patients diagnosed with CASPR2 antibody-associated encephalitis were retrospectively analysed. Data regarding demographic features, neurological symptoms and signs, laboratory tests, imaging results, treatments, and prognosis were collected. Results: A total of 25 patients aged from 3 to 79 years old were enrolled in this study, with a median age of 43. Eight of 25 (32%) were female, and 17 of 25 (68%) were male. The median age of symptom onset was 42 years old with the course of disease from onset to hospital admission ranging from 2 days to 6 months (median was 17 days). Six patients (6/25) had fever as an onset symptom. During the course of disease, cognitive disturbance was the most common symptom, which was observed in 17 patients (17/25) in total. Eight patients (8/25) met the criteria for limbic encephalitis. Epileptic seizure occurred in six of these eight patients. Four patients (4/25) were diagnosed as Morvan syndrome. All patients were positive for anti-CASPR2 antibody in the serum (1:10–1:300). In six patients, antibodies were detected both in the blood and CSF (1:32–1:100). White blood cell (WBC) counts in the CSF were elevated in eight patients (8/25). The concentration of proteins in CSF increased in 10 patients (ranging from 480 to 1,337.6 mg/dl), decreased in seven patients (ranging from 23.2 to 130.5 mg/dl) and remained at a normal range in the other eight patients (ranging from 150 to 450 mg/dl). Abnormal electroencephalogram (EEG) activities included slow background activity and epileptic patterns. Abnormal signals in the bilateral hippocampus were detected by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in three patients presenting cognitive disturbance. In one patient who had limbic encephalitis, increased metabolism of bilateral basal ganglia and the mesial temporal lobe was revealed by PET-CT. Eleven of 15 patients receiving immunotherapy experienced varying degrees of improvement. Relapse occurred in four of 25 patients (4/25) after 2 months. Conclusion: CASPR-antibody-mediated autoimmune encephalitis is characterized by diverse clinical manifestations. The most prominent conclusion revealed by this retrospective analysis is the involvement of both central and peripheral nerve systems, as well as a lower relapse rate, a good response to immunotherapy, and favorable short-term prognosis after treatment was also demonstrated. Besides, additional work is necessary to evaluate the long-term prognosis. ER  - 
Prevalence of Medical Cannabis Use and Associated Health Conditions Documented in Electronic Health Records among Primary Care Patients in Washington State$$$ Importance: Many people use cannabis for medical reasons despite limited evidence of therapeutic benefit and potential risks. Little is known about medical practitioners' documentation of medical cannabis use or clinical characteristics of patients with documented medical cannabis use. Objectives: To estimate the prevalence of past-year medical cannabis use documented in electronic health records (EHRs) and to describe patients with EHR-documented medical cannabis use, EHR-documented cannabis use without evidence of medical use (other cannabis use), and no EHR-documented cannabis use. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cross-sectional study assessed adult primary care patients who completed a cannabis screen during a visit between November 1, 2017, and October 31, 2018, at a large health system that conducts routine cannabis screening in a US state with legal medical and recreational cannabis use. Exposures: Three mutually exclusive categories of EHR-documented cannabis use (medical, other, and no use) based on practitioner documentation of medical cannabis use in the EHR and patient report of past-year cannabis use at screening. Main Outcomes and Measures: Health conditions for which cannabis use has potential benefits or risks were defined based on National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine's review. The adjusted prevalence of conditions diagnosed in the prior year were estimated across 3 categories of EHR-documented cannabis use with logistic regression. Results: A total of 185565 patients (mean [SD] age, 52.0 [18.1] years; 59% female, 73% White, 94% non-Hispanic, and 61% commercially insured) were screened for cannabis use in a primary care visit during the study period. Among these patients, 3551 (2%) had EHR-documented medical cannabis use, 36 599 (20%) had EHR-documented other cannabis use, and 145 415 (78%) had no documented cannabis use. Patients with medical cannabis use had a higher prevalence of health conditions for which cannabis has potential benefits (49.8%; 95% CI, 48.3%-51.3%) compared with patients with other cannabis use (39.9%; 95% CI, 39.4%-40.3%) or no cannabis use (40.0%; 95% CI, 39.8%-40.2%). In addition, patients with medical cannabis use had a higher prevalence of health conditions for which cannabis has potential risks (60.7%; 95% CI, 59.0%-62.3%) compared with patients with other cannabis use (50.5%; 95% CI, 50.0%-51.0%) or no cannabis use (42.7%; 95% CI, 42.4%-42.9%). Conclusions and Relevance: In this cross-sectional study, primary care patients with documented medical cannabis use had a high prevalence of health conditions for which cannabis use has potential benefits, yet a higher prevalence of conditions with potential risks from cannabis use. These findings suggest that practitioners should be prepared to discuss potential risks and benefits of cannabis use with patients. ER  - 
Patients With Epilepsy Who Underwent Epilepsy Surgery During the COVID-19 Pandemic Showed Less Depressive Tendencies$$$ Introduction: Our hypothesis in this study was that differences might exist between patients with epilepsy (PWE) who underwent epilepsy surgery before and within the period of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. The purpose of this study was to compare results of the Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS) between PWE who underwent epilepsy surgery before and during the pandemic period. Methods: Participants were PWE who underwent open cranial epilepsy surgery between February 2019 and February 2021 in our hospital. Patients who underwent surgery in the first half of this period, between February 2019 and January 2020, were defined as the pre-pandemic period group (pre-Group) and those treated in the second half, between February 2020 and February 2021, were categorized as the pandemic period group (within-Group). All patients completed the SDS before surgery, and scores were compared between groups. Results: SDS score was significantly higher in the pre-Group than in the within-Group (p = 0.037). Other factors, including age (p = 0.51), sex (p = 0.558), epilepsy duration from onset to SDS score evaluation (p = 0.190), seizure frequency (p = 0.794), number of anti-seizure medications (p = 0.787), and intelligence quotient (p = 0.871) did not differ significantly between groups. Conclusion: SDS score was higher in the pre-pandemic group than in the within-pandemic group, which may indicate that PWE with less-positive outlooks may be less likely to seek medical attention during stressful periods. ER  - 
Long‐term v‐eeg in epilepsy: Chronological distribution of recorded events focused on the differential diagnosis of epileptic seizures and psychogenic non‐epileptic seizures$$$ Differential diagnosis in epilepsy is sometimes challenging. Video‐electroencephalog-raphy (V‐EEG) is an essential tool in the diagnosis and management of epilepsy. The prolonged duration of V‐EEG recording increases the diagnostic yield of a conventional V‐EEG. The right length of monitoring for different indications is still to be established. We present a retrospective descriptive study with a sample of 50 patients with long‐term V‐EEG monitoring, with a mean age of 36.1 years, monitored from 2013 to 2019 at the Burgos University Hospital. The mean monitoring time was 3.6 days. Events were obtained in 76% of the patients, corresponding to epileptic seizures (ES) in 57.9% of them, with psychogenic non‐epileptic seizures (PNES) in 39.5%, and with episodes of both pathologies in 2.6% of the patients. We found that the first event was highly representative, and it correlated with the rest of the events that would be recorded. Moreover, 92% of the first PNES had been captured at the end of the second day, and 89% of the first ES by the end of the third day. V‐EEG for differential diagnosis between ES and PNES can be performed in hospitals without spe-cialized epilepsy surgery units. For this indication, the duration of long‐term V‐EEG can be adjusted individually depending on the nature of the first event. ER  - 
The Use of Oral Midazolam to Facilitate the Ophthalmic Examination of Children with Autism and Developmental Disorders$$$ Ophthalmic examinations of developmentally delayed/autistic children are challenging. Oral midazolam may be a viable alternative to general anaesthesia for this indication. Single-centre retrospective cohort study (January 2018–March 2020). Oral midazolam (0.5 mg/kg, max 15 mg). Metrics included: patient demographics, examination completion rate, duration of stay and adverse events. 50 oral midazolam examinations were performed (45 patients). Mean age was 79.12 months. All had developmental delay (66.67% autism). Time to ophthalmic examination was 60.31 minutes. Eye examination was successfully completed in 98%. No adverse events were reported. Mean stay was 3.35 hours. Oral midazolam (0.5 mg/kg, max 15 mg) is associated with safe, successful completion of ophthalmic examinations in children previously unexaminable in clinic. ER  - 
The prevalence of comorbidities in patients with multiple sclerosis: population-based registry data$$$ Background: Comorbidities occur frequently in persons with multiple sclerosis (MS). The aim of the present study was to determine the prevalence of the most common comorbidities in the population of MS patients in Belgrade, Serbia. Material and methods: Data on diagnosed and fully documented comorbidities were taken from the Belgrade MS population registry. The list of explored comorbidities included cardiovascular, malignant, and autoimmune diseases; psychiatric disorders; epilepsy; and type 2 diabetes. In the data analysis, crude, age- and gender-specific, and age-adjusted prevalence was calculated. Additionally, comorbidities were analyzed in patients with various MS phenotypes. Results: The most prevalent group of comorbidities were psychiatric (prevalence (Prev) = 20.59%, 95% CI 19.10–22.17) and cardiovascular comorbidities (Prev = 15.23%, 95% CI 13.93–16.63). The most prevalent single comorbidities were depression (Prev = 11.82%, 95% CI 10.64–13.11) and hypertension (Prev = 11.41%, 95% CI 10.25–12.68). Type 2 diabetes was significantly more prevalent in patients with primary progressive MS compared with the patients with relapsing-remitting and secondary progressive MS (p < 0.001). We found statistically significant positive correlation between number of comorbidities and progression index (p < 0.001). Patients treated with disease-modifying therapies (DMTs) had significantly higher risk of developing comorbidity, after treatment initiation, compared with those who were untreated (p = 0.001). Conclusions: Our study demonstrated high prevalence of comorbidities in persons with MS, with psychiatric and cardiovascular diseases being the most common. Furthermore, our findings confirmed the association of comorbidities with progression of disability and emphasized their role in treatment decision-making in MS. ER  - 
Severe neutropenia in an anorexic adolescent girl: a stigma of underfeeding syndrome?$$$ Purpose: We describe a case of severe, prolonged neutropenia in an adolescent girl hospitalized for anorexia nervosa (AN) which occurred during a refeeding procedure in the absence of refeeding syndrome. Methods: This case report includes retrospective anamnestic, clinical and biological data from the patient's medical record. A literature review was conducted on the haematological changes described in the undernutrition and refeeding periods, and also on recent data for underfeeding syndrome in patients with anorexia nervosa. Conclusion: Leuconeutropenia is an adaptive condition observed in undernutrition in AN, usually rapidly and completely reversible in the course of refeeding and weight gain. We describe a rare case of severe, prolonged neutropenia despite appropriate care in the absence of refeeding syndrome and without gelatinous bone marrow transformation. We suggest that neutropenia in adolescent anorexia nervosa could be a stigma of underfeeding syndrome resulting from an overly cautious refeeding strategy. Level of Evidence: Level V, descriptive study. ER  - 
Cognitive effects of montelukast: A pharmaco-eeg study$$$ Montelukast is a well-established antiasthmatic drug with little side effects. It is a leukotriene receptor antagonist and recent research suggests cognitive benefits from its anti-inflammatory actions on the central nervous system. However, changes in brain activity were not directly shown so far in humans. This study aims to document changes in brain activity that are associated with cognitive improvement during treatment with Montelukast. We recorded EEG and conducted neuropsychological tests in 12 asthma-patients aged 38–73 years before and after 8 weeks of treatment with Montelukast. We found no significant changes on neuropsychological scales for memory, attention, and mood. In the EEG, we found decreased entropy at follow up during rest (p < 0.005). During episodic memory acquisition we found decreased entropy (p < 0.01) and acceleration of the background rhythm (p < 0.05). During visual attention performance, we detected an increase in gamma power (p < 0.005) and slowing of the background rhythm (p < 0.05). The study is limited by its small sample size, young age and absence of baseline cognitive impairment of the participants. Unspecific changes in brain activity were not accompanied by cognitive improvement. Future studies should examine elderly patients with cognitive impairment in a double-blind study with longer-term treatment by Montelukast. ER  - 
Distinction of physiologic and epileptic ripples: An electrical stimulation study$$$ Ripple oscillations (80–250 Hz) are a promising biomarker of epileptic activity, but are also involved in memory consolidation, which impairs their value as a diagnostic tool. Distinguish-ing physiologic from epileptic ripples has been particularly challenging because usually, invasive recordings are only performed in patients with refractory epilepsy. Here, we identified ‘healthy’ brain areas based on electrical stimulation and hypothesized that these regions specifically generate ‘pure’ ripples not coupled to spikes. Intracranial electroencephalography (EEG) recorded with sub-dural grid electrodes was retrospectively analyzed in 19 patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Interictal spikes and ripples were automatically detected in slow-wave sleep using the publicly available Delphos software. We found that rates of spikes, ripples and ripples coupled to spikes (‘spike–ripples’) were higher inside the seizure-onset zone (p < 0.001). A comparison of receiver operating characteristic curves revealed that spike–ripples slightly delineated the seizure-onset zone channels, but did this significantly better than spikes (p < 0.001). Ripples were more frequent in the eloquent neocortex than in the remaining non-seizure onset zone areas (p < 0.001). This was due to the higher rates of ‘pure’ ripples (p < 0.001; median rates 3.3/min vs. 1.4/min), whereas spike–ripple rates were not significantly different (p = 0.87). ‘Pure’ ripples identified ‘healthy’ channels significantly better than chance (p < 0.001). Our findings suggest that, in contrast to epileptic spike–ripples, ‘pure’ ripples are mainly physiological. They may be considered, in addition to electrical stimulation, to delineate eloquent cortex in pre-surgical patients. Since we applied open source software for detection, our approach may be generally suited to tackle a variety of research questions in epilepsy and cognitive science. ER  - 
Clinical and radiological profiles of covid‐19 patients with neurological symptomatology: A comparative study$$$ Patients with COVID‐19 can require radiological examination, with chest CT being more frequent than neuro‐imaging. The objective is to identify epidemiological, clinical and radiological factors considered as predictors of neurological involvement in patients with COVID‐19 assessed by neuroimaging and to describe the neuroimaging findings. This retrospective study was performed with 232 consecutive confirmed COVID‐19 patients, from two radiological units, which were divided into two groups: (1) those who underwent a brain CT/MRI scan (n = 35) versus (2) those who did not undergo the brain CT/MRI scan, but underwent only chest CT (n = 197). There was a statistically significant difference with associations regarding the COVID‐19 brain scan group for: admission to ICU, greater severity of lung injuries, the use of a mechanical ventilator and sepsis. Statistical tendency was found for chronic renal failure and systemic arterial hypertension. Forty-percent of COVID‐19 patients from the brain scan group were abnormal on brain CT and/or brain MRI (22.9% of the cases with bleeding or microbleeding, 8.6% with restricted diffusion lesions). One ischemic stroke case was associated with irregularity at the M1 segment of the right middle cerebral artery. There was a case of left facial nerve palsy with enhancement of the left geniculate ganglia. An analysis of the olfactory bulbs was possible in 12 brain MRIs and 100% had enhancement and/or microbleeding. In conclusion, a more severe COVID‐19 disease from ICU, a more severe form of lung disease, the use of mechanical ventilator and sepsis were associated to the COVID‐19 patients with neurological involvement who had undergone brain scans. Microvascular phenomenon was a frequent finding in the brain and olfactory bulbs evaluated by neuroimaging. ER  - 
Ovarian teratoma-associated anti-NMDAR encephalitis: a single-institute series of six patients from China$$$ Purpose: Ovarian teratoma-associated anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis is a rare disease with uncertain etiology and pathogenesis. The disorder is severe and rare with a great impact on young adults. This study aimed to improve the awareness of the disease from experience in our single center. Methods: Between July 2012 and December 2019, six patients with ovarian teratoma-associated anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis were enrolled in Ren Ji Hospital, School of Medicine, Shanghai Jiao Tong University. All patients’ data like manifestations, laboratory and radiological data, treatment, and follow-up were reviewed. Results: Typical psychotic symptoms, memory, and consciousness disorders accompanied by seizures were observed in all patients from this study. All six patients showed positive signals in serum and cerebrospinal fluid samples for N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor and received immunotherapy. Three patients underwent unilateral oophorocystectomy and the other three underwent unilateral oophorectomy through minimally invasive surgeries, including laparoscopic and single-port laparoscopic surgeries. The median follow-up time 24.5 months (range from 6 to 93 months). No death occurred. Two patients had recurrent psychotic symptoms while the left four patients had no mental symptoms or tumor recurrence during postoperative follow-up. Conclusions: For patients with clinical manifestations of unexplained acute psychiatric symptoms accompanied by seizures, memory, and consciousness disorders, the possibility of anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis should be considered. To confirm the diagnosis, examinations of anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antibodies need to be completed as early as possible. Immunotherapy and tumor location should be given in time once the diagnosis is defined. We recommended removing the tumor as soon as possible without concerning whether the patient is in the acute phase or not. The surgical procedure should be decided based on pathology, age, fertility desire, and patients’ requirements and it should be ensured that tumors are completely removed during operation. Postoperative follow-up is particularly important. ER  - 
Functional cognitive disorder in subjective cognitive decline—A 10-year follow-up$$$ Objectives: In memory clinics, patients with significant memory complaints without objective neuropsychological findings are common. They are classified as subjective cognitive decline (SCD) and, as a group, face a heightened risk for future dementia. However, the SCD group is heterogeneous and comprises patients suffering from a somatoform condition, namely functional cognitive disorder (FCD). These patients make up at least 11% of memory clinics' attendees. The aim of this long-term follow-up study was to investigate if patients diagnosed with FCD also face a higher risk of developing dementia. Methods: Forty-two Patients were recruited at a university hospital memory clinic. FCD was diagnosed according to the Schmidtke criteria (see Table 1). Ten years later, all were invited again. Participants were interviewed, screened for depression and given neuropsychological tests of verbal memory and information processing speed. Cognitive impairment was defined as performance below 1.5 standard deviations (SD) of the age-related mean. Results: Twenty-eight of 42 patients (67%) took part in this follow-up. The group's mean results in both cognitive measures were stable over time. All individual performances were within 1.5 SD. With 10 patients (24%), brief contact was successful and manifest dementia could be excluded. Four patients (10%) could not be contacted. Conclusions: In retrospect, the Schmidtke criteria for FCD safely identified memory clinic attendees with SCD who did not proceed to Mild Cognitive Impairment or dementia. None of the patients who could be contacted for this follow-up after a decade (90% of baseline participants) showed signs of dementia. ER  - 
Functional motor disorders associated with other neurological diseases: Beyond the boundaries of “organic” neurology$$$ Background and purpose: The aims of this study were to describe the clinical manifestations of functional motor disorders (FMDs) coexisting with other neurological diseases (“comorbid FMDs”), and to compare comorbid FMDs with FMDs not overlapping with other neurological diseases (“pure FMDs”). Methods: For this multicenter observational study, we enrolled outpatients with a definite FMD diagnosis attending 25 tertiary movement disorder centers in Italy. Each patient with FMDs underwent a detailed clinical assessment including screening for other associated neurological conditions. Group comparisons (comorbid FMDs vs. pure FMDs) were performed in order to compare demographic and clinical variables. Logistic regression models were created to estimate the adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) of comorbid FMDs (dependent variable) in relation to sociodemographic and clinical characteristics (independent variables). Results: Out of 410 FMDs, 21.7% of patients (n = 89) had comorbid FMDs. The most frequent coexisting neurological diseases were migraine, cerebrovascular disease and parkinsonism. In the majority of cases (86.5%), FMDs appeared after the diagnosis of a neurological disease. Patients with comorbid FMDs were older, and more frequently had tremor, non-neurological comorbidities, paroxysmal non-epileptic seizures, major depressive disorders, and benzodiazepine intake. Multivariate regression analysis showed that diagnosis of comorbid FMDs was more likely associated with longer time lag until the final diagnosis of FMD, presence of tremor and non-neurological comorbidities. Conclusions: Our findings highlight the need for prompt diagnosis of FMDs, given the relatively high frequency of associated neurological and non-neurological diseases. ER  - 
Long-term efficacy and safety of erenumab in migraine prevention: Results from a 5-year, open-label treatment phase of a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background and purpose: Although erenumab has demonstrated significant reduction in migraine frequency and improved quality of life in studies lasting 3 to 12 months, little is known about long-term therapy. Methods: This study was an open-label, 5-year treatment phase following a 12-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in adults with episodic migraine. Patients initially received open-label erenumab 70 mg, which increased to 140 mg following a protocol amendment. Efficacy analyses included change from baseline in monthly migraine days (MMDs), monthly acute migraine-specific medication (AMSM) days, and health-related quality of life. Results: Of 383 patients enrolled, 250 switched to 140 mg; 215 (56.1%) completed open-label treatment. Mean (standard error) change in MMDs from baseline of 8.7 (0.2) days was −5.3 (0.3) days; an average reduction of 62.3% at year 5. Among patients using AMSM at baseline (6.3 [2.8] treatment days), mean change in monthly AMSM days was −4.4 (0.3) days at the end of 5 years. Patient-reported outcomes indicated stable improvements in disability, headache impact, and migraine-specific quality of life. Exposure-adjusted patient incidence rates of adverse events (AEs) were 123.0/100 patient-years; AEs were most frequently nasopharyngitis, upper respiratory tract infection, and influenza. Serious AEs (SAEs) reported by 49 patients (3.8/100 patient-years) were mostly single occurrence. Two fatal adverse events were reported. There were no increases in incidence of AEs, SAEs, or AEs leading to treatment discontinuation over 5 years of exposure. Conclusions: Treatment with erenumab was associated with reductions in migraine frequency and improvements in health-related quality of life that were maintained for at least 5 years. No new safety signals were observed. ER  - 
Clinical activity changes in the neurology department of Wenzhou during the COVID-19 pandemic: an observational analysis$$$ Objective: To explore the activity changes in neurology clinical practice that have occurred in tertiary public hospitals during the COVID-19 pandemic. Methods: Outpatient and inpatient data from the neurology department were extracted from the electronic medical record system of three tertiary Grade A hospitals in Wenzhou. Data were analyzed across 5 months following the beginning of the pandemic (from January 13 to May 17) and compared with the same period in 2019. Data on reperfusion therapy for acute infarction stroke were extracted monthly from January to April. Results: The number of outpatients declined from 102,300 in 2019 to 75,154 in 2020 (26.54%), while the number of inpatients in the three tertiary Grade A hospitals decreased from 4641 to 3437 (25.94%). The latter trend showed a significant drop from the 3rd week to the 7th week. The number of patients in these hospitals decreased significantly, and a significant drop was seen in the neurology department. As usual, stroke was the most common disease observed; however, anxiety/depression and insomnia increased dramatically in the outpatient consultation department. Conclusions: The results of our study revealed the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic in the clinical practice of neurology in Wenzhou during the outbreak. Understanding the pandemic’s trends and impact on neurological patients and health systems will allow for better preparation of neurologists in the future. ER  - 
Video quality using outpatient smartphone videos in epilepsy: Results from the OSmartViE study$$$ Background and purpose: The aim of this study was to evaluate the quality of smartphone videos (SVs) of neurologic events in adult epilepsy outpatients. The use of home video recording in patients with neurological disease states is increasing. Experts interpretation of outpatient smartphone videos of seizures and neurological events has demonstrated similar diagnostic accuracy to inpatient video-electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring. Methods: A prospective, multicenter cohort study was conducted to evaluate SV quality in patients with paroxysmal neurologic events from August 15, 2015 through August 31, 2018. Epileptic seizures (ESs), psychogenic nonepileptic attacks (PNEAs), and physiologic nonepileptic events (PhysNEEs) were confirmed by video-EEG monitoring. Experts and senior neurology residents blindly viewed cloud-based SVs without clinical information. Quality ratings with regard to technical and operator-driven metrics were provided in responses to a survey. Results: Forty-four patients (31 women, age 45.1 years [r = 20–82]) were included and 530 SVs were viewed by a mean of seven experts and six residents; one video per patient was reviewed for a mean of 133.8 s (r = 9–543). In all, 30 patients had PNEAs, 11 had ESs, and three had PhysNEEs. Quality was suitable in 70.8% of SVs (375/530 total views), with 36/44 (81.8%) patient SVs rated as adequate by the majority of reviewers. Accuracy improved with the presence of convulsive features from 72.4% to 98.2% in ESs and from 71.1% to 95.7% in PNEAs. An accurate diagnosis was given by all reviewers (100%) in 11/44 SVs (all PNEAs). Audio was rated as good by 86.2% of reviewers for these SVs compared with 75.4% for the remaining SVs (p = 0.01). Lighting was better in SVs associated with high accuracy (p = 0.06), but clarity was not (p = 0.59). Poor video quality yielded unknown diagnoses in 24.2% of the SVs reviewed. Features hindering diagnosis were limited interactivity, restricted field of view and short video duration. Conclusions: Smartphone video quality is adequate for clinical interpretation in the majority of patients with paroxysmal neurologic events. Quality can be optimized by encouraging interactivity with the patient, adequate duration of the SV, and enlarged field of view during videography. Quality limitations were primarily operational though accuracy remained for SV review of ESs and PNEAs. ER  - 
Peripheral nerve hyperexcitability syndrome: A clinical, electrophysiological, and immunological study$$$ Introduction: Peripheral nerve hyperexcitability syndrome (PNHS) is characterized by muscle fasciculations and spasms. Nerve hyperexcitability and after-discharges can be observed in electrophysiological studies. Autoimmune mechanisms play a major role in the pathophysiology of primary PNHS. Methods: We retrospectively conducted a case–control study recruiting patients with clinical and electrophysiological features of PNHS. Control patients were diagnosed with other neuronal or muscular diseases. Contactin-associated protein2 (CASPR2) and leucine-rich glioma-inactivated1 (LGI1) antibodies were examined. Results: A total of 19 primary PNHS patients and 39 control patients were analyzed. The most common symptoms for the case group were fasciculations (11/19) and muscle spasms (13/19). Case group patients were likely to demonstrate electrodiagnostic findings of nerve hyperexcitability (17/19) and after-discharges in the tibial nerve (19/19). We found high prevalence of CASPR2 (9/19) and LGI1 (6/19) antibodies in the case group. Discussion: Primary PNHS patients were likely to show after-discharges in the tibial nerve. The pathogenesis of PNHS is autoimmune CASPR2 and LGI1 antibodies are possible pathogenic antibodies for primary PNHS. ER  - 
Absence seizures and their relationship to depression and anxiety: Evidence for bidirectionality$$$ Absence seizures (AS), presenting as short losses of consciousness with staring spells, are a common manifestation of childhood epilepsy that is associated with behavioral, emotional, and social impairments. It has also been suggested that patients with AS are more likely to suffer from mood disorders such as depression and anxiety. This systematic review and meta-analysis synthesizes human and animal models that investigated mood disorders and AS. Of the 1019 scientific publications identified, 35 articles met the inclusion criteria for this review. We found that patients with AS had greater odds of developing depression and anxiety when compared to controls (odds ratio = 4.93, 95% confidence interval = 2.91–8.35, p <.01). The included studies further suggest a strong correlation between AS and depression and anxiety in the form of a bidirectional relationship. The current literature emphasizes that these conditions likely share underlying mechanisms, such as genetic predisposition, neurophysiology, and anatomical pathways. Further research will clarify this relationship and ensure more effective treatment for AS and mood disorders. ER  - 
Modifiable Risk Factors of Dementia in Older Adults With Epilepsy: An Opportunity to Flatten the Curve?$$$ A Nationwide, Retrospective, Data-Linkage, Cohort Study of Epilepsy and Incident Dementia Schnier C, Duncan S, Wilkinson T, Mbizvo GK, Chin RFM. Neurology. 2020;95(12):e1686-e1693. doi:10.1212/WNL.0000000000010358 Objective: To determine the association of epilepsy with incident dementia by conducting a nationwide, retrospective data-linkage, cohort study to examine whether the association varies according to dementia subtypes and to investigate whether risk factors modify the association. Methods: We used linked health data from hospitalization, mortality records, and primary care consultations to follow up 563 151 Welsh residents from their 60th birthday to estimate dementia rate and associated risk factors. Dementia, epilepsy, and covariates (medication, smoking, comorbid conditions) were classified with the use of previously validated code lists. We studied rate of dementia and dementia subtypes in people with epilepsy (PWE) and without epilepsy using (stratified) Kaplan-Meier plots and flexible parametric survival models. Results: PWE had a 2.5 (95% confidence interval [CI] 2.3-2.6) times higher hazard of incident dementia, a 1.6 (95% CI 1.4-1.8) times higher hazard of incident Alzheimer disease (AD), and a 3.1 (95% CI 2.8-3.4) times higher hazard of incident vascular dementia (VaD). A history of stroke modified the increased incidence in PWE. PWE who were first diagnosed at ≤25 years of age had a dementia rate similar to that of those diagnosed later in life. PWE who had ever been prescribed sodium valproate compared to those who had not were at higher risk of dementia (hazard ratio [HR] 1.6, 99% CI 1.4-1.9) and VaD (HR 1.7, 99% CI 1.4-2.1) but not AD (HR 1.2, 99% CI 0.9-1.5). Conclusion: PWE compared to those without epilepsy have an increased dementia risk. ER  - 
Effect of antiepileptic drugs in glioma patients on self-reported depression, anxiety, and cognitive complaints$$$ Introduction: AEDs have been associated with depression, anxiety, and cognitive impairment, all frequent complications of glioma and its subsequent treatment, with considerable morbidity and an adverse effect on health-related quality of life. This study aimed to determine the independent association between AED use and self-reported depression, anxiety, and subjective cognitive impairment in glioma patients. Methods: In this multicenter cross-sectional study, depression and anxiety were assessed with the HADS and subjective cognitive impairment was assessed with the MOS-CFS. Univariable logistic regression analyses were performed on all potential confounding predictor variables. Potential confounders were included in the multivariable analyses if p-value < 0.1, to evaluate whether use of AEDs was independently related to depression, anxiety, and/or subjective cognitive impairment. Results: A total of 272 patients were included. Prevalence of depression differed significantly between patients not using (10%) and using AEDs (21%, unadjusted Odds Ratio [uOR] = 2.29 [95%CI 1.05–4.97], p = 0.037), but after correction for confounders the statistical significant difference was no longer apparent (adjusted Odds Ratio [aOR] = 1.94 [95%CI 0.83–4.50], p = 0.125). Prevalences of anxiety (aOR = 1.17 [95%CI 0.59–2.29], p = 0.659) and subjective cognitive impairment (aOR = 0.83 [95%CI 0.34–2.04], p = 0.684) did not differ significantly before or after adjustment of confounders between patients not using (19% and 16%, respectively) and using AEDs (26% and 21%, respectively). Conclusions: Our results indicate AED use was not independently associated with concurrent depression, anxiety, or subjective cognitive impairment in glioma patients. Alternative factors seem to have a greater contribution to the risk of developing neuropsychiatric symptoms in glioma patients. ER  - 
Fully automated simultaneous peripheral arteriovenous exchange transfusion not seen to aggravate brain function and the disorder of the internal environment in neonates with severe hyperbilirubinemia$$$ Background: The acute changes in brain function in newborn infants undergoing ET remain unclear. This study aimed to determine whether fully automated simultaneous peripheral arteriovenous ET would influence the brain function. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted on the clinical data of 39 neonates with hyperbilirubinemia who received ET. Seventeen patients were in the encephalopathy group, and the other 22 patients were in the non-encephalopathy group. Changes in amplitude-integrated electroencephalogram (aEEG) during ETs were analyzed, including background activities, sleep-wake cycling (SWC), and seizures. Before and after the ET, routine blood test parameters, electrolytes, blood glucose, and blood gas parameters were measured. Results: After ETs, there were no significant changes in the levels of pH, PaO2, PaCO2, lactate, and red blood cells, while the levels of total bilirubin, indirect bilirubin, blood potassium, blood sodium, serum calcium, while blood cells, and platelets were significantly lower and the level of blood glucose was significantly higher compared to those before therapy. There was no significant difference in the changes of electroencephalographic activities during ETs, including background activities, SWC, and seizures. However, there were significant differences in suppressions on background activities, while there were no significant statistical differences in SWC or seizures between the 2 groups. Conclusion: Fully automated simultaneous peripheral arteriovenous ET is safe and efficient without significant influence on the disorder of the internal environment and electroencephalographic activities after ET in neonates. However, background activities are more significantly depressed in infants of bilirubin encephalopathy than infants of non-encephalopathy during ET. ER  - 
Mindfulness-based intervention to promote psychological wellbeing in people with epilepsy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: We investigated the efficacy of mindfulness-based intervention (MBI) in promoting psychological wellbeing in people with epilepsy (PWE) using an assessor-blinded randomized controlled design. Methods: A total of 28 PWE were randomly assigned to either intervention (n = 14 cases) or control group (n = 14 controls). The intervention group received a six 2.5-hour weekly MBI, while the control group did not receive any intervention. They were assessed at three timepoints (T0: before intervention, T1: immediately after intervention, and T2: 6 weeks after intervention). Repeated measures of analyses of variance (RM-ANOVAs) were used for inter-group comparisons to determine intervention effect from baseline –to T1 and –to T2 for all outcome measures. The individual changes were calculated using the reliable change index (RCI). Key outcomes included depression (BDI-II), anxiety (BAI), epilepsy-related quality of life (QOLIE-31), satisfaction with life (SWLS), and level of mindfulness (MAAS). Results: Participants who participated in the MBI showed significant reduction in BDI-II (p = 0.001), significant increases in MAAS (p = 0.027) and QOLIE-31 (p = 0.001) at T1 when compared with the control group. However, BAI and SWLS were not significant. The trend was similar at 6-week follow-up, all outcome measures of MBI remained significant (p < 0.05) except for BAI and SWLS. Beyond the 6-week intervention, RCI analysis showed a significant improvement in levels of mindfulness (45.45% vs. 21.43%, p = 0.009), depression (45.45% vs. 0.00%, p = 0.016), quality of life (45.45% vs. 14.29%, p = 0.017) with MBI, as compared to the no-intervention phase. Conclusion: Mindfulness-based intervention is effective in reducing psychological distress and improving the quality of life in PWE. ER  - 
Young adults with epilepsy: Relationships between psychosocial variables and anxiety, depression, and suicidality$$$ Background: People with epilepsy (PWE) are at an increased risk of anxiety, depression, and suicidality. Young adulthood is a critical developmental period which can be complicated by the unique challenges of having epilepsy. The risk factors of mental health difficulties in young adults with epilepsy (YAWE) have not been investigated. Aims: To examine the relationships between psychosocial variables (coping strategies and sources of social support) and mental health outcomes in YAWE, and determine whether these psychosocial variables independently predict mental health outcomes after controlling for sociodemographic and epilepsy-related factors. Method: An online survey was completed by 144 YAWE (18–25-year-olds), which measured sociodemographic and epilepsy-related factors, coping strategies, sources of social support, and current mental health symptoms (anxiety, depression, and suicidality). Results: Avoidant-focused coping was positively correlated, and problem-focused coping and meaning-focused coping were negatively correlated, with symptoms of anxiety, depression, and suicidality. Social support from family, friends, and a special person all negatively correlated with mental health outcomes. Using multiple regression analyses, greater use of avoidant-focused coping strategies independently predicted higher symptoms of anxiety, depression, and suicidality. Greater support from friends independently predicted significantly lower anxiety and depression, whereas greater support from family independently predicted significantly lower suicidality. Clinical implications: These findings have implications for clinical practice in YAWE and suggest that screening for mental health symptoms and psychosocial variables to identify those at risk would be beneficial. Access to tailored psychological support is also needed. ER  - 
Long-term safety, efficacy, and quality of life during adjunctive brivaracetam treatment in patients with uncontrolled epilepsy: An open-label follow-up trial$$$ Objectives: The primary objective of this long-term follow-up (LTFU) trial was to evaluate the long-term safety and tolerability of brivaracetam (BRV). The secondary objective was to evaluate the maintenance of efficacy of BRV (including quality of life) over time. Methods: This open-label, multicenter, flexible-dose trial (N01379 [NCT01339559]) was conducted in adults (≥16 years) with focal or generalized-onset seizures, who had participated in a placebo (PBO)-controlled trial of adjunctive BRV (N01258: NCT01405508 or N01358: NCT01261325). Results: Seven hundred and sixty-six patients received BRV in this LTFU trial (753 had focal seizures and 13 had generalized-onset seizures). Kaplan–Meier-estimated retention was 71.9% at 12 months, and 53.7% at 36 months. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were reported by 643 (83.9%) patients, most commonly headache (104 [13.6%] patients) and dizziness (100 [13.1%] patients). Two hundred and fifty-seven (33.6%) patients had drug-related TEAEs, most commonly somnolence (49 [6.4%] patients) and dizziness (41 [5.4%] patients). Permanent discontinuation of BRV due to TEAEs occurred in 91 (11.9%) patients. Patients with focal seizures had a median percentage reduction in focal seizure frequency of 52.0% and 51.7% were 50% responders (sustained over time); 26.0% were seizurefree for 6 months, and 17.9% were seizurefree for 12 months. 42.4% of patients at 12 months and 46.8% at 24 months had clinically meaningful improvements in Patient Weighted Quality of Life in Epilepsy Questionnaire 31 total score. Conclusions: In this select group of patients who entered the LTFU trial, BRV was generally safe and well tolerated. Results indicate the long-term efficacy of BRV in patients with focal seizures. ER  - 
Not all patients with convulsive status epilepticus intubated in pre-hospital settings meet the criteria for refractory status epilepticus$$$ Introduction: : Mechanically ventilated patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) for generalized convulsive status epilepticus (GCSE) are a heterogeneous population. Our objective was to evaluate the number of patients who fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for refractory GCSE and describe their initial management and prognosis. Methods: : This multicenter retrospective study was conducted in four French ICUs in Pitié-Salpêtrière University Hospital in Paris and in the Hospital of Jossigny. Mechanically ventilated patients admitted to the ICU for GCSE between, January 1, 2014, and, December 31, 2016, were included. Patients with anoxia and traumatic brain injury were excluded. Their pre-hospital and ICU medical records were reviewed. The collected data included pre-hospital clinical status, pre-hospital antiepileptic treatment, reason for mechanical ventilation, duration of general anesthesia, and prognosis in the ICU. A retrospective initial diagnosis based on the findings of the analysis of the clinical records was attributed to each patient. Results: : Among the 98 patients included, 88.8% (n = 87/98) fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for GCSE; of these cases, 16.1% (n = 14/87) were refractory. Eleven percent of the patients did not fulfill the criteria for GCSE at the time of initial management (retrospective diagnosis of single convulsive seizure, repetitive convulsive seizures, or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures). Most patients were intubated for coma (58.9%, n = 56/95, missing data: n = 3). In the ICU, the median [Q1–Q3] duration of general anesthesia before weaning was 12.3 h (5.0–18.0 h); 7% of the patients had a relapse of status epilepticus, and 2% died in the ICU. Conclusion: : Among the cases of confirmed GCSE in the mechanically ventilated patients admitted to the ICU, 16.1% were refractory, with an overall good prognosis. A significant proportion of patients did not fulfill the diagnostic criteria for refractory GCSE. ER  - 
Aura: epilepsy vs. functional (psychogenic) seizures$$$ Purpose: To compare auras between three groups of people with seizures [i.e., Idiopathic generalized epilepsies (IGE) vs. Temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) vs. Functional seizures (FS)]. Methods: All patients, 10 years of age or older, with a diagnosis of IGE, TLE, or FS were prospectively registered in an electronic database and retrospectively studied at the outpatient epilepsy clinic at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz, Iran, from 2008 until 2020. Results: One thousand and three hundred ninety-one patients were studied (480 with IGE, 617 with TLE, and 294 with FS). Among patients with TLE, 63.5% of individuals reported auras; this figure was 68% in the FS and 12.7% in the IGE groups (p < 0.00001). Odds ratio of having auras in the TLE group compared with the IGE group was 11.96 (95% CI: 8.73-16.39; p = 0.0001). Odds ratio of having auras in the TLE group compared with the FS group was 0.81 (95% CI: 0.61-1.10; p = 0.1840). Odds ratio of having auras in the FS group compared with the IGE group was 14.61 (95% CI: 10.15-21.02; p = 0.0001). The following auras were more frequent among patients with TLE: emotional, cognitive, epigastric, and olfactory/gustatory. The following auras were more frequent among patients with FS: headache and dizziness/vertigo. Conclusion: Auras are not specific to focal epilepsies. Future studies should investigate auras in large cohorts of patients with focal or generalized epilepsies and also those with FS to determine the exact clinical value of each aura. ER  - 
Psychiatric disorders in patients with resistant temporal lobe epilepsy two years after undergoing elective surgery. A longitudinal study$$$ Purpose: Psychiatric morbidity in temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) is frequent and negatively affects patients’ life quality. Surgery is the procedure of choice when treating seizures, although the effects on psychiatric disorders remain unclear. We evaluate the effect of surgery on psychiatric disorders in patients with TLE two years after the intervention, to then shed light on how these are related to anxiety and depression symptoms, and Interictal Dysphoric Disorder (IDD). Methods: We included data from 65 patients with TLE whose psychiatric evaluations were performed according to DSM-IV criteria. Anxiety and depression symptoms were assessed using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) test. Results: At 2-year follow-up, anxiety and depressive disorders decreased, and psychotic disorders augmented without statistical significance. Baseline psychiatric disorders predisposed to psychiatric pathology at 2-year follow-up and did not correlate with epilepsy outcome after surgery. Postoperative psychiatric disorders correlated with the seizure incidence two years after the intervention, suggesting that epilepsy and psychiatric disorders were associated in processes such as surgery. De novo psychiatric disorders represented 52% of postoperative psychiatric pathology, 62% being psychotic disorders. De novo psychiatric disorders became more frequent from the first year of surgery, occurring mainly in patients free of seizures. The HADS test scores and IDD correlated with psychiatric disorders at 2-year follow-up. Conclusions: Baseline psychiatric disorders did not influence surgery outcome, but correlated with psychiatric disorders’ prevalence two years after surgery. Despite not finding statistical significance, surgery reduced the prevalence of psychiatric disorders, and de novo psychiatric disorders were associated with an improvement in the epilepsy course at 2-year follow-up. ER  - 
Resective epilepsy surgery in patients aged 50 years and older – a retrospective study regarding seizure outcome, memory performance, and psychopathology$$$ Purpose: To assess clinical and demographic characteristics in two cohorts of elderly patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy, undergoing resective epilepsy surgery (RES). Further, to determine seizure, neuropsychological, and mental health outcomes after RES and evaluate possible influencing factors. Methods: Consecutive patients aged ≥50 years with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) who underwent curative RES in the Hamburg epilepsy surgery program (2004–2017) were identified. Data were retrospectively analyzed. Seizure outcome was classified according to ILAE and Engel outcome scales in patients with first-time surgeries and with reoperations. Previously reported predictors of the seizure outcome were evaluated using regression analyses. Changes in verbal memory were assessed for patients with complete pre- and postoperative datasets (n=30) using repeated-measures analysis of variance. For evaluation of possible predictors of psychopathologic changes after RES a regression analysis was conducted. Results: Fifty-one elderly patients underwent RES of the temporal lobe, including twelve aged ≥60 years, and five with reoperations. After one year, 65% of the patients with first-time surgeries were seizure free and 91% had a favorable outcome. At last follow-up, 49% were seizure free since surgery. Three reoperated patients had an Engel I outcome. Seizure outcome was not dependent on age at surgery, duration of epilepsy, or other evaluated variables. There was no significant decline in the memory performance after surgery. Significant improvements in mental health were found. Conclusion: RES for drug-resistant TLE is safe, effective, and improves mental health also in patients aged ≥ 50 years. Thus, it should be evaluated as the treatment of choice also in this age group. ER  - 
Aspirin versus anticoagulation in cervical artery dissection (TREAT-CAD): an open-label, randomised, non-inferiority trial$$$ Background: Cervical artery dissection is a major cause of stroke in young people (aged <50 years). Historically, clinicians have preferred using oral anticoagulation with vitamin K antagonists for patients with cervical artery dissection, although some current guidelines—based on available evidence from mostly observational studies—suggest using aspirin. If proven to be non-inferior to vitamin K antagonists, aspirin might be preferable, due to its ease of use and lower cost. We aimed to test the non-inferiority of aspirin to vitamin K antagonists in patients with cervical artery dissection. Methods: We did a multicentre, randomised, open-label, non-inferiority trial in ten stroke centres across Switzerland, Germany, and Denmark. We randomly assigned (1:1) patients aged older than 18 years who had symptomatic, MRI-verified, cervical artery dissection within 2 weeks before enrolment, to receive either aspirin 300 mg once daily or a vitamin K antagonist (phenprocoumon, acenocoumarol, or warfarin; target international normalised ratio [INR] 2·0–3·0) for 90 days. Randomisation was computer-generated using an interactive web response system, with stratification according to participating site. Independent imaging core laboratory adjudicators were masked to treatment allocation, but investigators, patients, and clinical event adjudicators were aware of treatment allocation. The primary endpoint was a composite of clinical outcomes (stroke, major haemorrhage, or death) and MRI outcomes (new ischaemic or haemorrhagic brain lesions) in the per-protocol population, assessed at 14 days (clinical and MRI outcomes) and 90 days (clinical outcomes only) after commencing treatment. Non-inferiority of aspirin would be shown if the upper limit of the two-sided 95% CI of the absolute risk difference between groups was less than 12% (non-inferiority margin). This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02046460. Findings: Between Sept 11, 2013, and Dec 21, 2018, we enrolled 194 patients; 100 (52%) were assigned to the aspirin group and 94 (48%) were assigned to the vitamin K antagonist group. The per-protocol population included 173 patients; 91 (53%) in the aspirin group and 82 (47%) in the vitamin K antagonist group. The primary endpoint occurred in 21 (23%) of 91 patients in the aspirin group and in 12 (15%) of 82 patients in the vitamin K antagonist group (absolute difference 8% [95% CI −4 to 21], non-inferiority p=0·55). Thus, non-inferiority of aspirin was not shown. Seven patients (8%) in the aspirin group and none in the vitamin K antagonist group had ischaemic strokes. One patient (1%) in the vitamin K antagonist group and none in the aspirin group had major extracranial haemorrhage. There were no deaths. Subclinical MRI outcomes were recorded in 14 patients (15%) in the aspirin group and in 11 patients (13%) in the vitamin K antagonist group. There were 19 adverse events in the aspirin group, and 26 in the vitamin K antagonist group. Interpretation: Our findings did not show that aspirin was non-inferior to vitamin K antagonists in the treatment of cervical artery dissection. Funding: Swiss National Science Foundation, Swiss Heart Foundation, Stroke Funds Basel, University Hospital Basel, University of Basel, Academic Society Basel. ER  - 
Patients with late onset psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES): How do they compare to those with younger onset?$$$ Objective: To determine whether patients who experienced their first psychogenic non-epileptic seizure (PNES) at 50 years or older differed from those who developed PNES at a younger age, in terms of demographic, social/clinical as well as psychological measures. Background: The typical age for PNES onset is roughly between 20 and 40 years of age. Only a handful of studies have examined samples with PNES onset at an older age and therefore information about these individuals is limited. Methods: This is a retrospective study of 75 consecutive individuals who developed (video EEG-confirmed diagnosis) PNES before age 50 years and 55 consecutive individuals who developed PNES at 50 years or more. Patients were examined on demographics (age, education, working and relationship status), clinical (seizure frequency, trauma type: sexual, multiple trauma, and health-related traumatic experiences), and self-report measures(Coping Inventory for Stressful Situations, Toronto Alexithymia Scale, and the Quality of Life Inventory in Epilepsy-31). Results: Patients who had experienced sexual trauma were likelier to develop PNES at an earlier age. Those who experienced “health problems pre-PNES onset” were likelier to develop PNES at an older age. On psychological measures, it was noted that after adjusting for the covariate effects, those with elevations in Avoidance (CISS) were likelier to develop PNES at an earlier age. and those with elevations in QOLIE31 cognitive complaints were likelier to be in the older cohort. Conclusions: No matter at what age PNES presented, patients reported markedly high rates of exposure to psychological trauma (single and multiple), similarly elevated unemployment rates and low quality of life. The groups with different age of onset differed in the type of trauma experienced prior to the development of PNES. In addition, the younger onset group demonstrated a significantly higher use of avoidance as a stress-coping strategy. ER  - 
Side effects of BNT162b2 mRNA COVID-19 vaccine: A randomized, cross-sectional study with detailed self-reported symptoms from healthcare workers$$$ Introduction: Concerns are prevailing about the safety and side effects of the BNT162b2 mRNA vaccine for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Methods: A randomized, cross-sectional study was performed to investigate the side effects of the BNT162b2 vaccine using an independent online questionnaire gathering responses from healthcare workers (HCWs) with detailed review of organ systems. Results: Of all HCWs, 87.98% (1245/1415) completed the survey. Of them, 64.5% (803/1245) received the BNT162b2 mRNA vaccine and reported at least one or more symptoms (classified based on organ systems and occurrence rate) post vaccination. Of these, 640/803 (79.7%) were able to continue activities of daily living (ADL), 103/803 (12.83%) had trouble temporarily to perform ADL, 99/803 (12.33%) took time off work temporarily, 20/803 (2.49%) required help from an outpatient provider, 5/803 (0.62%) required help from an emergency department and 2/803 (0.25%) required hospitalization. Despite this, 97.61% intended to have the second dose and 92.9% had already received it. Conclusions: Commonly reported symptoms (occurrence in descending order) were soreness, fatigue, myalgia, headache, chills, fever, joint pain, nausea, muscle spasm, sweating, dizziness, flushing, feelings of relief, brain fogging, anorexia, localized swelling, decreased sleep quality, itching, tingling, diarrhoea, nasal stuffiness and palpitations. Despite this, remarkable acceptance for the second dose of the BNT162b2 vaccine was found among HCWs. ER  - 
CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS OF MIGRAINE IN PATIENTS WITH INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASE$$$ Background: Studies have suggested increased prevalence of migraine in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) compared to controls; however, there is limited data on the subtype of migraine, migrainous complications, and symptoms. Objective: We aimed to evaluate the frequency of different subtypes of migraine and migrainous complications, and characterize migraine symptoms in patients with ulcerative colitis (UC) and Crohn’s disease (CD). Methods: Patients with IBD and migraine treated by gastroenterologists and neurologists at an academic center were included. Demographics and clinical characteristics were retrospectively reviewed. Continuous and categorical variables were analyzed using a Wilcoxon rank sum test, Fisher’s exact test, or t-test. Results: A total of 389 patients with IBD and migraine were included; 87.7% were female (F:M ratio 7.3); 52.4% had CD, 38.0% UC, and 5.8% unspecified IBD. Overall, 29.8% of the patients with IBD had migraine without aura, 30.8% migraine with aura, and 30.6% chronic migraine. In CD patients, 30.4% had migraine without aura, 35.1% migraine with aura, and 34.6% chronic migraine. In the UC group, 34.8%, 31.1%, and 34.1% had migraine without aura, migraine with aura, and chronic migraine respectively; there was no significant difference in migraine subtype between the CD and UC cohorts. Age at IBD and migraine diagnosis was similar in UC (31.3/30.8) and CD (29.2/31.0) patients. For migraine-associated symptoms, 58.1% had photophobia, 57.3% nausea, 42.4% phonophobia, and 27% vomiting, with no difference between UC and CD. Status migrainosus occurred in 2.6% of IBD patients; migrainous infarction and migraine aura-triggered seizure in 1%. Depression and anxiety were present in 59.9% and 59.1% of patients. Full response (pain freedom) to acute migraine medication occurred in 54.8% of CD and 43.5% of UC, while 35.7% of CD and 31.1% of UC had partial response. No response was reported in 9.6% CD and 5.9% UC patients. Full and partial response to migraine preventers was 40.7% and 42.6% for CD and 51.1% and 31.1% for UC respectively. Conclusions: Female predominance for migraine in IBD patients (7.3:1 ratio) was higher than the general population (3:1). In migraineurs, the F:M ratio was skewed toward females compared to the typical IBD population. The prevalence of migraine with aura (30.8%) and chronic migraine (30.6%) were higher in our IBD patients than the general population (25% and 8% respectively). Age at onset of IBD and migraine was similar. UC and CD had similar migraine characteristics. Patients with CD and UC appeared to have a limited response to abortive and prophylactic medication; however, this result may have been affected by the retrospective study design.(Table presented) ER  - 
The effect of anticonvulsant drugs on serum thyroid-stimulating hormone$$$ Objective: Antiepileptic (AED) drugs are an integral component of the management of seizure disorder; however, they have a wide spectrum of adverse effects. It is important to be aware of these side effects as they have a major impact on the quality of life and are sometimes partially reversible after drug discontinuation. Among them, the influence of AED on thyroid function is an important one. However, there is only limited data available. The objective of this study is to evaluate the effect of AED on thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). Methods: A cross-sectional study of 1-year duration (march 2017 – march 2018) was conducted among 150 epileptic patients receiving phenytoin, carbamazepine, and sodium valproate for more than 6 months in a tertiary care center in central Kerala. Serum levels of TSH of patients on AED were compared with that of 50 healthy age- and sex-matched control groups. Data regarding the same were analyzed using SPSS version 16 with the Chi-square test, ANOVA, and independent t-test. Results: A total of 150 epileptic patients with a mean age of 35.54 + 10.72, including 66 males (44%) and 84 females (56%) were enrolled in this study. Fifty adults of mean age 36.5+ 8.4 and male to female ratio 1.10:1 formed the control group. It was found that the mean TSH value of patients on phenytoin (3.97+ 1.47), carbamazepine (3.57+ 1.44), and sodium valproate 3.03 + 1.41 significantly higher than that of the control group (1.91 + 0.72). On comparing the mean serum TSH of the drug group significant difference noted between phenytoin and sodium valproate treated group. Among the 12 patients develop subclinical hypothyroidism 65% taking drugs for more than 5 years. Conclusion: There is a positive correlation between the use of anticonvulsants and thyroid dysfunction and the association increases with the duration of therapy. The clinicians should be encouraged for regular monitoring of thyroid function test to impart a better quality of life to the patients. ER  - 
Acute neurological consequences of novel psychoactive substance use: A retrospective review in a large UK hospital$$$ Background Novel psychoactive substances (NPS) are a growing public health concern. We aimed to identify the acute neurological consequences of NPS. Method We performed a retrospective case-note review of patients who presented to the emergency department after taking NPS. Results We identified 237 admissions from 190 patients, mostly young men. There were high rates of psychiatric comorbidity (43%), unemployment (39%), homelessness (24%) and incarceration (17%). Most reported use of synthetic cannabinoids (SC; 91%). Some took synthetic cathinones (SCath; 7%) or nitrous oxide (NOS; 2%). SC caused impaired consciousness (61%) and seizures (16%). SCath users presented with psychiatric disturbance or seizures (55%). Most patients were managed conservatively (67%) and a small proportion (14%) were referred to drug or psychology services. Conclusions NPS users represent a vulnerable group in society. Certain clinical features may suggest the type of NPS used. Most patients require supportive management and onward referral to drug addiction services is recommended. ER  - 
Life-threatening arrhythmias with autosomal recessive TECRL variants$$$ Aims: Sudden death and aborted sudden death have been observed in patients with biallelic variants in TECRL. However, phenotypes have only begun to be described and no data are available on medical therapy after long-term follow-up. Methods and results: An international, multi-centre retrospective review was conducted. We report new cases associated with TECRL variants and long-term follow-up from previously published cases. We present 10 cases and 37 asymptomatic heterozygous carriers. Median age at onset of cardiac symptoms was 8 years (range 1-22 years) and cases were followed for an average of 10.3 years (standard deviation 8.3), right censored by death in three cases. All patients on metoprolol, bisoprolol, or atenolol were transitioned to nadolol or propranolol due to failure of therapy. Phenotypes typical of both long QT syndrome and catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (CPVT) were observed. We also observed divergent phenotypes in some cases despite identical homozygous variants. None of 37 heterozygous family members had a cardiac phenotype. Conclusion: Patients with biallelic pathogenic TECRL variants present with variable cardiac arrhythmia phenotypes, including those typical of long QT syndrome and CPVT. Nadolol and propranolol may be superior beta-blockers in this setting. No cardiac disease or sudden death was present in patients with a heterozygous genotype. ER  - 
A case series of adult patients affected by EAST/SeSAME syndrome suggests more severe disease in subjects bearing KCNJ10 truncating mutations$$$ EAST/SeSAME syndrome is a rare disease affecting the Central Nervous System (CNS), inner ear, and kidney. The syndrome is due to loss-of-function mutations in the KCNJ10 gene encoding the inward-rectifying potassium channel Kir4.1. EAST/SeSAME syndrome is mainly diagnosed during childhood with a tonic-clonic seizure being the usual first symptom. Due to a limited number of patients and recent identification of the disease, few data are available on the clinical progress of this disease in adulthood. In particular, neurologic and nephrological outcomes have not been reported. We present a case series of 4 adult patients harbouring homozygous missense mutation p.Ala167Val and homozygous frameshift mutations p.Asn232Glnfs*14 and p.Gly275Valfs*7. Effects of these mutations were predicted by in silico modelling and bioinformatic tools. Patients with truncating mutations were associated with more severe outcomes, both in tubulopathy severity and neurological symptomatology. Conversely, either missense or truncating mutations were correlated with similar severity of epilepsy, with a long free-of-event period up to 20 years old. No eGFR decline was documented. Modelling predicted that truncating mutations lead to complete Kir4.1 dysfunction. Finally, all patients had a mild increase in urinary protein excretion. Our study indicates that the prognosis of patients suffering from EAST/SeSAME syndrome is related to the severity of the mutation causing the disease. As predicted by in silico modelling, truncating mutations of KCNJ10 are associated with more severe disease, with recurrence of symptomatic hypokalemia and more severe neurological phenotype. The type of mutation should be considered for the therapy tailored to patients' phenotype. ER  - 
Depression, anxiety levels and sleep quality indexes among the spouses of people with epilepsy$$$ Background: Psychiatric problems and sleep disturbances are comorbidities that are frequently encountered among people with epilepsy. However, their presence among the spouses of peoples with epilepsy remains to be elucidated. Objective: The objective of this study was to evaluate the spouses of people with epilepsy (PWE), with and without a history of seizures during sleep, in terms of depression, anxiety and sleep quality. Methods: This prospective, cross-sectional study was conducted in three groups of 18 to 65-year-olds. Group 1 consisted of healthy spouses of 127 healthy volunteers without any known neurological disease; group 2 comprised spouses of 63 PWE who had no history of seizure during sleep; and group 3 consisted of spouses of 63 PWE who had a history of at least one seizure during sleep in the course of the previous year. Questionnaires seeking demographic data and the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Beck Depression Inventory and Beck Anxiety Inventory were applied to all participants. Results: The depression scores of the group of spouses of PWE were higher than those of the control group and were higher in group 3 than in group 2 (p = 0.017). The anxiety scores of the group of spouses of PWE were significantly higher than those of the control group, but no difference in anxiety scores was found between group 2 and group 3 (p = 0.170). The mean PSQI score of group 3 was higher than that of group 2 (p = 0.029). However, regression analyses did not show any difference between these groups. Conclusion: We found that the PSQI scores, which reflected sleep quality, were higher among the spouses of PWE who had seizures during sleep and who had more severe epilepsy. ER  - 
Frequency of sources of referral of child psychiatric cases at Hyderabad$$$ Objective: This study is designed to determine the frequency of sources of referral of child psychiatric cases. Study Design: Cross-sectional study. Place and Duration of Study: This study was conducted at the Sir Cowasji Jehangir Institute of Psychiatry (CJIP) and Liaquat University Hospital (LUH), Hyderabad from June 2018 to Feb 2019. Materials and Methods: 175 children with psychiatric problems were included in this study. History was taken for the duration of symptoms and the source of referrals was inquired. All information was noted in the proforma. Results: 67.43% (118/175) sources of referral were parents, schoolteachers were responsible for 10.29% (18/175), and doctors for 22.29% (39/175). Conclusion: Mental disorders are among the most burdensome of all classes of disease because of their high prevalence, chronicity, early age of onset, and resulting in serious impairment and disability. ER  - 
Insecure and Unresolved/Disorganized Attachment in Patients With Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures$$$ Background: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are still poorly understood and difficult to treat. Attachment theory could add new aspects to the understanding of the multifactorial genesis and maintenance of PNES and the therapeutic needs of this patient group. Objective: The aim of the present study is to systematically assess attachment in adult patients with PNES with a focus on the role of unresolved/disorganized attachment. Methods: A cross-sectional design was chosen to compare patients with confirmed PNES (n = 44) and healthy controls (n = 44) matched for gender, age, and education. Attachment was assessed using the Adult Attachment Projective Picture System. Psychometric questionnaires included the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire; Structured Clinical Interview for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV) axis II disorders, Patient Questionnaire; the Somatoform Dissociation Questionnaire; and the Patient Health Questionnaire. Results: We found significantly less secure (P = 0.006) and more unresolved/disorganized (P = 0.041) attachment classifications in the PNES group. Among patients with PNES, 7% were classified secure and 43% were classified unresolved/disorganized. Patients with an unresolved attachment representation were significantly more likely to be screened positive for personality pathology in the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV axis II disorders, Patient Questionnaire (P = 0.03) and to report more emotional abuse in the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (P = 0.007) than patients with other attachment classifications. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that unresolved/disorganized attachment might be the predominant attachment style in patients with PNES and might be associated with more severe personality pathology. This could be of therapeutic relevance. The present study is the first to assess adult attachment in patients with PNES using a semi-structured interview in comparison to matched healthy controls. ER  - 
Psychotropic and pain medication use in individuals with traumatic brain injury - A Swedish total population cohort study of 240 000 persons$$$ Objective To examine psychotropic and pain medication use in a population-based cohort of individuals with traumatic brain injury (TBI), and compare them with controls from similar backgrounds. Methods We assessed Swedish nationwide registers to include all individuals diagnosed with incident TBI between 2006 and 2012 in hospitals or specialist outpatient care. Full siblings never diagnosed with TBI acted as controls. We examined dispensed prescriptions for psychotropic and pain medications for the 12 months before and after the TBI. Results We identified 239 425 individuals with incident TBI, and 199 658 unaffected sibling controls. In the TBI cohort, 36.6% had collected at least one prescription for a psychotropic or pain medication in the 12 months before the TBI. In the 12 months after, medication use increased to 45.0%, an absolute rate increase of 8.4% (p<0.001). The largest post-TBI increases were found for opioids (from 16.3% to 21.6%, p<0.001), and non-opioid pain medications (from 20.3% to 26.6%, p<0.001). The majority of prescriptions were short-term; 20.6% of those prescribed opioids and 37.3% of those with benzodiazepines collected prescriptions for more than 6 months. Increased odds of any psychotropic or pain medication were associated with individuals before (OR: 1.62, 95% CI: 1.59 to 1.65), and after the TBI (OR: 2.30, 95% CI: 2.26 to 2.34) as compared with sibling controls, and ORs were consistently increased for all medication classes. Conclusion High rates of psychotropic and pain medications after a TBI suggest that medical follow-up should be routine and review medication use. ER  - 
Risk Factors of Persistent Hydrocephalus in Children with Brain Tumor: A Retrospective Analysis$$$ Object: Hydrocephalus is one of the main complications of brain tumors in children, being present in about 50% of cases at the time of the tumor diagnosis and persisting up to 10-40% of cases after surgical resection. This is a single-institution retrospective study on the variables that may predict the need for treatment of persistent hydrocephalus in pediatric patients presenting with a brain tumor. Methods: Retrospective case note review of 43 newly diagnosed brain tumors in children referred between April 2012 and January 2018 to our regional pediatric neuro-oncology service was carried out. Diagnosis of hydrocephalus was carried out using both preoperative and postoperative MRI to determine Evans' index (EI) and the fronto-occipital horn ratio (FOHR) from each scan. Simple logistic regression was used to analyze categorical variables as appropriate. A p value <0.05 was considered significant. Results: Forty-three children were analyzed, 26 males and 17 females with a median age at diagnosis 10.4 years (IQR: 5.2-13.5). Hydrocephalus was present in 22/43 children (51%) preoperatively; in 8/22 children (36%) with hydrocephalus undergoing tumor resection, hydrocephalus persisted also in the postoperative period. An EI >0.34 (p = 0.028) and an FOHR >0.46 (p = 0.05) before surgery were associated with a higher prevalence of persistent hydrocephalus and therefore to the need for a cerebrospinal fluid drain device in the postoperative phase. Conclusion: Preoperative identification of children at risk for developing persistent hydrocephalus would avoid delays in planning the permanent cerebrospinal fluid drain devices. This study finds that an EI >0.34 and an FOHR >0.46 at diagnosis could impact on the therapeutic management of children with hydrocephalus associated with brain tumors. Prospective and larger-scale studies are needed to standardize this approach. ER  - 
Evaluation of the Safety of Taking Lamotrigine during Lactation Period$$$ Introduction: Evaluation of the safety of taking lamotrigine (LTG) during lactation in breastfed infants varies according to the information sources. As it is possible that prescribers may avoid prescribing LTG despite of it being one of the essential drugs, more information needs to be accumulated to facilitate its use. Materials and Methods: We retrospectively compared the safety of LTG during the lactation period in 20 pairs of mothers and infants with 20 pairs as the control group. Results: The mean dose of LTG in 20 mothers was 161.1 mg/day (range: 50-400 mg/day). None of the infants showed a neonatal withdrawal syndrome score of 2 or more up to 1 month after delivery. Although drowsiness (n = 3), skin rash (n = 11), jaundice (n = 8), heart murmur (n = 1), poor suckling (n = 1), and retractive breathing (n = 1) were observed in infants, none of these adverse events were serious and the infants recovered. Nineteen of 20 pairs could continue lactation until 1 month after delivery. One pair discontinued breastfeeding because of pain in the mother's nipples. All pairs could continue maternal medication. We then compared the results with those of the control group. There were no significant differences in the presence of adverse events between the LTG and control groups. Conclusion: These data suggest that taking low to moderate doses of LTG during the lactation period might be relatively safe, at least for a period of 1 month after delivery. ER  - 
Usefulness of EEG and videotelemetry in differentiating seizures from other paroxysmal events in children with severe acquired brain injury (ABI)$$$ Introduction: The diagnosis of epileptic seizures and its differentiation from non-epileptic events in children with severe acquired brain injury and neurodisabilities can pose a great challenge even for the most expert clinicians due to the complexity of their presentation, association of co-morbidities, presence of movement disorders and behavioural episodes. Children with severe ABI have a greater risk of developing epileptic seizures but there is no extensive data on ABI of non-traumatic origin and epileptic seizures. Patients and Methods: This study is a retrospective cohort analysis of EEG data collected over a ten year period, from children admitted with severe ABI, both traumatic and non-traumatic, at a National Centre for Paediatric Neurorehabilitation in the UK; patients were identified, data extracted systematically from notes and simple descriptive statistics used. Results: 80 EEGs were performed in 46 patients, 22 were videotelemetry, 8 ambulatory and 50 routine EEGs, epileptic seizures were identified in 49 (21 videotelemetry, 5 ambulatory, 23 routine), paroxysmal non-epileptic events in 36 (15 videotelemetry, 7 ambulatory, 14 routine). Of these 42% were motor phenomena, 12% blank spells, 29% abnormal eye movements/facial twitching, 15% behavioural manifestations and 2% autonomic changes. Treatment was modified in 37 children (16 videotelemetry, 5 ambulatory, 16 routine). The questions for which the videotelemetry was undertaken were answered fully in 20 patients and partially in 2. Conclusion: These results show the importance of videotelemetry in children with ABI and severe neurodisabilities in the accurate diagnosis of epileptic seizures and differentiation from other paroxysmal events thus improving management, avoiding polypharmacy and targeting other treatments appropriately. ER  - 
Spontaneous awakening trials in mechanically ventilated patients with COVID-19 and how increased compliance impacts clinical outcomes$$$ Introduction: Daily spontaneous awakening trials (SAT) have been associated with decreased ventilator and ICU days We evaluated the compliance with SATs in COVID positive patients using electronic health record data and whether increasing SAT performance was associated with mortality, length of stay (LOS) and ventilator-free-days (VFDs). Methods: We retrospectively analyzed mechanically ventilated (MV) COVID positive patients admitted to the ICU from March 10, 2020 to May 21, 2020. Using an EHR-based performance measure for SAT, we excluded patients whom daily SAT was contra-indicated by admission primary ICD-10 codes: status epilepticus, increased intra-cranial pressure, alcoholic withdrawal. Eligibility for SAT for each day on MV was defined as absence of acidosis with pH < 7.30, or receipt of neuromuscular blocking agents on that day. SAT was defined as done when the patient had documented RASS >=0 or had a time period in which no continuous sedating medication were administered. A performance measure for SAT was defined as the percentage of eligible MV days in which SAT was done. Multivariate linear regression was used, adjusting for age, gender, race, and APACHE score and transforming length of stay to satisfy normality assumption. Results: 626 COVID positive patients including 552 on MV were admitted to the ICU during the target time period. Of these, 487 (88%) had at least one ICU day where they met eligibility for SAT. The in-hospital mortality of this cohort was 60.4% (n= 294, Table 1). SAT was performed on 66.7% (IQR 42.9%,100%) of eligible MV days with 5.1% of patients having no SATs done and 34.3% of patients receiving SAT on all eligible days, meaning they reached 100% SAT performance. Multivariate analyses demonstrated that while 100% SAT performance was not significantly associated with mortality (OR 1.06 95% CI (0.71,1.62)), it was associated with shorter hospital LOS and ICU LOS (Hospital LOS coefficient-0.37, 95% CI (-0.51,-0.24) and ICU LOS coefficient-0.74, 95% CI (-0.87,-0.61)) and greater number of ventilator-free days (coefficient 5.36, 95% CI (2.01,8.71)). Conclusion: Improving compliance with SAT on intubated COVID patients may decrease ICU length of stay which has implications for post-COVID recovery as well as resource optimization. We were limited by incomplete documentation during overwhelming COVID surge and likely underpowered to detect significant associations for the primary outcome of in-hospital mortality. ER  - 
Spectrum of anti-NMDA receptor antibody encephalitis: Clinical profile, management and outcomes$$$ Background: Anti-N-methyl D-aspartate receptor (anti NMDAR) antibody encephalitis is an immune-mediated entity characterised by a constellation of neuro-psychiatric symptoms. Objective: To describe clinical profile and treatment outcomes of patients with anti NMDAR antibody encephalitis. Settings and Design: Subjects were selected by screening for all patients satisfying Graus et al.'s criteria for probable anti NMDAR antibody encephalitis, admitted in neurology department of a tertiary care centre in Eastern India. Materials and Methods: A prospective, longitudinal study was conducted by identifying 25 patients with anti NMDAR antibodies in CSF and or serum, between September 2018 to February 2020. Statistical Analysis: Chi square test was used to compare variables. Results: Out of 98 patients screened, 25 subjects (14 females: 11 male) were positive for anti NMDAR autoantibodies, with a mean age of 17 years. 13 subjects belonged to paediatric age group. Most common presenting feature was memory/learning deficit (88%) followed by behavioural abnormalities (84%) and seizures (68%). 11 patients (44%) patients needed escalation to second line therapy, rituximab. Seven (28%) and twelve (48%) patients underwent complete (mRS 0-1) and partial recovery (mRS 2-3) respectively, while 4 (16%) became disabled (mRS 4-5). Mortality was 8%. Paediatric population had a better outcome in terms of disability (p = 0.043). Conclusion: Anti NMDAR-Ab encephalitis is the most common cause of antibody positive autoimmune encephalitis worldwide. There are important clinical markers and investigational profiles which carry prognostic significance. ER  - 
Neurology behind bars. Do we care$$$ Objective: To identify the prevalence of different neurological conditions in the prisoner population and to explore challenges encountered when providing health care to this cohort. Background: The Australian national imprisonment rate is 2.2 persons per 1,000 adult population with a 2019 adult prisoner population of 43,028 . Poor prison health poses significant whole-of-society costs . Achieving health resilience is imperative With in this system and contributes to successful community integration. The duty of care for those in detention consists of recognition of human rights, including the right to health. This principle of equivalence is important in reducing health inequalities. Design/Methods: Observational study performed via retrospective review of electronic medical records of patients referred to the Princess Alexandra Hospital neurology correctional clinic between June 2016 - June 2019. Results: A total of 123 prisoner patients were included in this study. Males constituted 82% of the cohort. The median age of patients was 36 years and 65% of referrals originated from prison medical practitioners. Patients were seen at a median of 110 days from time of referral with 39% conducted via telehealth. The most common neurological diagnoses were epileptic seizure disorder (28%), headache (16%) and functional neurological disorder (11%) with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures prevailing as the predominant functional disorder. 57% of patients underwent magnetic resonance imaging. There were multiple key findings relating to the challenges associated with the care of this cohort including but not limited to disengagement, lack of health literacy, complications of substance abuse which influenced prescribing strategies. Conclusions: This pilot study is unique as it represents data from the only dedicated neurology correctional clinic With in Queensland. It is first of its kind in Australia and provides insight into the prevalence of neurological diagnoses in the prisoner cohort. Finally, it identifies distinctive barriers to provision of care necessitating adaptation to the clinical assessment and management of this cohort. ER  - 
Evaluation of medication adherence in an interprofessional epilepsy clinic$$$ Objective: The objective of our study is to evaluate the change in medication adherence over time in patients seen at our inter-professional epilepsy clinic in order to help identify characteristics associated with to ASM adherence. Background: Optimizing medication adherence is especially important in management of patients of with epilepsy (PWE). Non-adherence leads to poor seizure control and thus worse outcomes and quality of life. Studies have shown that patients with epilepsy have an increased risk of death, partly due to higher prevalence of non-adherence to ASM. Furthermore, nonadherence to ASM and thus sub-optimal drug levels have been correlated with higher risk of status epilepticus. Design/Methods: Retrospective chart review was conducted of all veterans with a diagnosis of epilepsy seen in Seizure Clinic at the West LA VA from 7/1/2008 to 6/30/17. This study included patients with diagnosis of focal epilepsy. Exclusion criteria were diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), absence of evaluation by neurology pharmacist, neurostimulation device, and history of resection surgery. Adherence for ASM was measured by medication possession ratio (MPR) from electronic prescription fill history and patient report. High adherence was determined to be MPR of greater than 75%. Results: To date, 483 charts were reviewed and 348 patients met inclusion criteria. Analysis of preliminary data shows that approximately 75% of our patients demonstrated high adherence with all of their ASMs. Characteristics related to high adherence will be further analyzed. Conclusions: Medication adherence is critical for seizure control in PWE. Evaluation of characteristics correlated with positive impact on adherence and identification of potential challenges to adherence will improve clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Low pyridoxine levels are associated with status epilepticus$$$ Objective: This study aims to evaluate pyridoxine levels in patients with status epilepticus (SE), medication-resistant epilepsy, and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) Background: SE affects approximately 50 000 - 60 000 new cases annually in the USA. Benzodiazepine is the initial treatment for SE, but one-third of the patients don't respond to benzodiazepines. Pyridoxine's active metabolite pyridoxal 5′-phosphate (P5P) is an essential factor in the process of decarboxylation of glutamine into Gamma-Aminobutyric Acid (GABA). Decrease concentrations of GABA can increase the risk of seizures. Seizures associated with pyridoxine deficiency are usually seen in the pediatric population. A retrospective study showed that 94% of the SE patients admitted to the NICU had low pyridoxine levels. No other study had replicate the latter findings. We aim to evaluate the levels of pyridoxine in patients with SE admitted to the NICU and compared those with levels in patients with medication-resistant epilepsy and patients without epilepsy. Design/Methods: This was a retrospective study performed at the University of North Carolina and the University of Florida. From 8/2019 to 8/2020, a total of 74 records from patients admitted to the NICU with the diagnosis of SE and to the epilepsy monitoring unit with the diagnosis of medication-resistant epilepsy or PNES were reviewed. Pyridoxine levels, demographics, and antiepileptic drug use were obtained. Median pyridoxine levels between groups were compared using the Test of Median and Kruskal-Wallis test due to heterogeneity of variance. Results: Medication-resistant epilepsy, PNES, and SE group had 27, 27, and 20 patients, respectively. Patients in the SE group had statistically significant lower levels of pyridoxine compared to patients in medication-resistant epilepsy and PNES groups (p < .001) Conclusions: This study's results agree with prior published data and raise the possibility that low levels of pyridoxine are associated with benzodiazepines resistant seizures and progression to SE. ER  - 
Extreme delta brush: The key to anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis$$$ Objective: To describe a case in which extreme delta brush (EDB) prompted workup for anti-Nmethyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis (NMDARe). Background: NMDARe typically presents with neuropsychiatric symptoms and is often associated with ovarian teratomas. Antibody testing is specific, but results are often delayed. EDB, a unique finding on an electroencephalogram (EEG) prompts evaluation for NMDARe to avoid misdiagnosis and prolonged illness. Here we describe an unusual presentation of recurrent electrographic seizures with behavioral changes which were thought to be secondary to an underlying temporal meningioma, but EDB on EEG prompted a workup for NMDARe. Design/Methods: Retrospective chart review and literature search. Results: 53-year-old woman with hypertension and left temporal meningioma presented to our hospital for 2 weeks of behavioral issues (non-verbal, hallucinations, difficulty feeding) and seizures. She was seen at a local hospital a week prior for profuse sweating and new onset of generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS). A spot EEG showed left frontal electrographic seizures, which were thought to be secondary to a calcified left temporal meningioma. She was discharged home from the local hospital on two anti-seizure medications (levetiracetam and phenytoin). She was scheduled to undergo resection of the meningioma on the day of presentation when she had two episodes of GTCS. Initial EEG showed bifrontal rhythmic delta activity along with some right frontal electrographic seizures. Two days into admission, she started having frequent episodes of right arm twitching along with perseveration. Her clinical status rapidly deteriorated into refractory status epilepticus. Neurosurgery pursued left temporal meningioma resection; however electrographic seizures persisted. This prompted workup for autoimmune encephalitis with her cerebrospinal fluid NMDA-R antibody titer 1:64. Conclusions: Anti-NMDA-receptor encephalitis is a life-threatening condition that is treatable when diagnosed timely and immunosuppressive treatment is established promptly. Presence of EDB, although only present in a minority of patients, can streamline investigation and allow for rapid initiation of therapy. ER  - 
Women with Epilepsy and Postpartum Toxicity: A retrospective analysis$$$ Objective: Determine prevalence and onset of anti-seizure drug (ASD) toxicity in women with epilepsy (WWE) postpartum. Background: During pregnancy and the postpartum period, ASD clearance fluctuates, resulting in changes in ASD levels that may result in toxicity. Postpartum, WWE may experience many physiologic, hormonal, and sleep changes that may result in ASD level and possible seizure deterioration. Design/Methods: Eighty-one medical records for pregnant WWE > 18 years old on ASD treatment from the University of Minnesota/MINCEP Epilepsy Center were retrospectively reviewed for symptoms of potential ASD toxicity including double vision, dizziness, mood changes, excessive fatigue, and falls. Subjects with no follow-up postpartum were excluded. The timing of reported symptoms (in weeks postpartum) and ASD regimen were recorded with each encounter. Results: Fifty-five pregnancies (46 women) were included. Most common ASDs were lamotrigine (LTG) (n=36 pregnancies), Levetiracetam (LEV) (n=27 pregnancies), and Oxcarbazepine (OXC) (n=6 pregnancies), either in monotherapy or polytherapy. Of the 36 pregnancies on LTG in monotherapy or polytherapy; 16 (44.4%) pregnancies reported multiple ASD toxicity symptoms. Commonly reported symptoms include dizziness (n=12, 33%), double vision (n=8, 22%), and excessive fatigue (n=4, 11%). Fourteen out of 36 (39%) pregnancies on LTG reported toxicities between 1-8 weeks in the postpartum period and 9 (25%) had peak LTG toxicity 2-weeks postpartum. Of the 27 pregnancies on LEV, 26 (96%) reported no obvious ASD toxicity symptoms. One woman developed headaches. Depression associated with LEV was difficult to differentiate from postpartum depression. None of the women on OXZ reported ASD toxicity symptoms. Conclusions: Symptoms of ASD toxicities postpartum in WWE were commonly reported with LTG, mainly 2-weeks postpartum. Pregnant WWE on LTG may benefit from careful postpartum clinical management, LTG dose reduction, and education. Further research is needed to define the best clinical practices for ASD modifications during postpartum care. ER  - 
Risk factors for epilepsy among post-9/11 veterans: Traumatic brain injury and deployment status$$$ Objective: To identify predictors of epilepsy in Post-9/11 Veterans. Background: The association of TBI and epilepsy in Veterans has been examined among those with combat deployments. We hypothesized that individuals with epilepsy would be more likely than those without epilepsy to have history of TBI and a history of deployment where blast injury/military exposures are more common. Design/Methods: Retrospective observational study using merged Veterans Health Administration (VHA) and Department of Defense health data (2002-2019) for Veterans who entered VHA care 2002-2014. We identified epilepsy using ICD9/10 codes and use of antiseizure medications. We identified TBI severity using ICD9/10 codes and TBI screening data, and mental/physical health comorbidities using ICD9/10 codes before the index date (EPILEPSY: Date of the first anti-seizure medication after epilepsy-consistent diagnosis; No EPILEPSY: Median time from first care in DoD to epilepsy [2625 days]). We excluded individuals with verified psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. We used logistic regression to identify predictors of epilepsy. Results: In this cohort (N=1,226,280), 30,993 (2.53%) met criteria for epilepsy. After controlling for mental/physical health comorbidities, odds of epilepsy were significantly lower for deployed (vs. non-deployed; AOR 0.76; 0.73-0.79). Compared to individuals without TBI, those with mTBI (OR 1.60; 1.55-1.66), moderate/severe TBI (OR 2.84; 2.36-2.61), penetrating TBI (OR 5.13; 4.71-5.58) had significantly higher odds of epilepsy. Other strong predictors included other neurological conditions such as ALS, MS, Parkinson's disease (OR 6.73; 6.38-7.10), stroke (OR 3.61; 3.45-3.77), headache/migraine (OR 2.34; 2.28-2.40), and cardiac disease (OR 1.91; 1.84-1.98). Conclusions: TBI, including mTBI, was associated with epilepsy, but those deployed were LESS likely to develop epilepsy. Chronic physical and mental health conditions that preclude deployment were associated with epilepsy and may be of equal concern to clinicians caring for patients with epilepsy and/or TBI; however more sophisticated statistical models are needed to better understand the interactions among TBI, deployment and chronic mental/physical comorbidities. ER  - 
Immune-mediated movement disorders:clinical manifestations, treatment, and evolution. A multicenter study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the clinical characteristics, etiologies, treatment, and evolution of patients with immune-mediated movement disorders (IMMD). Background: The highly variable and complex phenomenology of immune-mediated movement disorders (IMMD) and the increasing number of related autoantibodies being described significantly hinder its diagnosis. At this moment, IMMD prevalence is unknown. Since these diseases are potentially treatable and can be associated with several occult neoplasms, early diagnosis may be crucial to modify its prognosis. Design/Methods: We performed a multicenter, retrospective, and descriptive case series. Fourteen centers from Argentina participated (period analyzed: 2008-2020). Patients had to be ≥15 years-old. Inclusion criteria: clinical, immunological, imaging, CSF. Clinical syndromes were divided into hyperkinetic or hypokinetic. We assessed differences according to age (≤ 50 vs. >50 years). Results: Thirty-nine patients were included (female: 23). Mean age (SD): 51.5 (18.8); ≤50 years: 43.6%. Acute/subacute clinical presentation: 67%. Hyperkinetic syndromes (79.6%) and generalized forms (69.2%) were more frequent. We found an association with cancer in 28.2%. Pathological brain MRI: 30.8%, pathological CSF: 48.7%, positive autoantibodies: 53.8%, most frequent treatment: intravenous corticosteroids. Variation of the modified Rankin scale before and after treatment: p 50 years). Hypokinetic syndromes: more frequent in >50 years, higher prevalence of cancer and relapse of the IMMD, greater delay in diagnosis; epilepsy and polyneuropathy were more frequent. Hyperkinetic syndromes: higher prevalence of pathological CSF and brain MRI. Conclusions: The diagnosis of an IMMD should be considered when symptoms present an acute or subacute onset, are associated with other neurological manifestations, autoimmune diseases and/or cancer, and with a pathological CSF. A substantial percentage of our sample presented positive autoantibodies. We observed a delay in the diagnosis of hypokinetic syndromes. Patients >50 years had a worse prognosis. ER  - 
Risk factors for epilepsy among post-9/11 veterans: Traumatic brain injury and deployment Status$$$ Objective: To identify predictors of epilepsy in Post-9/11 Veterans. Background: The association of TBI and epilepsy in Veterans has been examined among those with combat deployments. We hypothesized that individuals with epilepsy would be more likely than those without epilepsy to have history of TBI and a history of deployment where blast injury/military exposures are more common. Design/Methods: Retrospective observational study using merged Veterans Health Administration (VHA) and Department of Defense health data (2002-2019) for Veterans who entered VHA care 2002-2014. We identified epilepsy using ICD9/10 codes and use of antiseizure medications. We identified TBI severity using ICD9/10 codes and TBI screening data, and mental/physical health comorbidities using ICD9/10 codes before the index date (EPILEPSY: Date of the first anti-seizure medication after epilepsy-consistent diagnosis; No EPILEPSY: Median time from first care in DoD to epilepsy [2625 days]). We excluded individuals with verified psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. We used logistic regression to identify predictors of epilepsy. Results: In this cohort (N=1,226,280), 30,993 (2.53%) met criteria for epilepsy. After controlling for mental/physical health comorbidities, odds of epilepsy were significantly lower for deployed (vs. non-deployed; AOR 0.76; 0.73-0.79). Compared to individuals without TBI, those with mTBI (OR 1.60; 1.55-1.66), moderate/severe TBI (OR 2.84; 2.36-2.61), penetrating TBI (OR 5.13; 4.71-5.58) had significantly higher odds of epilepsy. Other strong predictors included other neurological conditions such as ALS, MS, Parkinson's disease (OR 6.73; 6.38-7.10), stroke (OR 3.61; 3.45-3.77), headache/migraine (OR 2.34; 2.28-2.40), and cardiac disease (OR 1.91; 1.84-1.98). Conclusions: TBI, including mTBI, was associated with epilepsy, but those deployed were LESS likely to develop epilepsy. Chronic physical and mental health conditions that preclude deployment were associated with epilepsy and may be of equal concern to clinicians caring for patients with epilepsy and/or TBI; however more sophisticated statistical models are needed to better understand the interactions among TBI, deployment and chronic mental/physical comorbidities. ER  - 
Clinical Characteristics and Prognostic Factors of Children With Anti-N-Methyl-D-Aspartate Receptor Encephalitis$$$ Objective: Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate (anti-NMDA) receptor encephalitis is the most common autoimmune encephalitis in pediatric patients. The study aimed to investigate the clinical characteristics and prognostic factors of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis in children in South China. Methods: This was a retrospective study of children diagnosed with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis between 01/2014 and 12/2017 at Hunan Children's Hospital. Laboratory, brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and electroencephalography data were collected. The short-term (6-month) outcomes were assessed using the Liverpool score by the same pediatric neurologist. The children were divided into good (scores 4–5) and poor (score <3) clinical outcomes. Results: Among the 51 patients, 21 (41.2%) were male. The most common clinical symptoms were dyskinesia (88.2%), personality change (84.3%), seizure (82.4%), and cognitive disorder (31.4%). Two were transferred to another hospital, 45 (91.8%) received intravenous immunoglobulins, 41 (83.7%) received methylprednisolone, and 8 (16.3%) received plasma exchange. Eight (16.3%) received rituximab for second-line treatment, six after intravenous immunoglobulin and methylprednisolone treatment, and two after plasma exchange therapy failed. Seven were lost to follow-up. The short-term outcome was good in 23 patients. Cognitive disorder [odds ratio (OR): 23.97, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.12–513.30, P = 0.042) and abnormal brain MRI (OR: 14.29, 95% CI: 1.36–150.10, P = 0.027] were independently associated with a poor short-term outcome after adjustment for age, GCS, and rituximab use. Conclusions: MRI abnormalities and cognitive disorders are independently associated with poor short-term outcomes in children with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis. The use of rituximab is not associated with the 6-month outcomes. ER  - 
Loving-Kindness Meditation vs Cognitive Processing Therapy for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder among Veterans: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Additional options are needed for treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) among veterans. Objective: To determine whether group loving-kindness meditation is noninferior to group cognitive processing therapy for treatment of PTSD. Design, Setting, and Participants: This randomized clinical noninferiority trial assessed PTSD and depression at baseline, posttreatment, and 3- and 6-month follow-up. Veterans were recruited from September 24, 2014, to February 5, 2018, from a large Veternas Affairs medical center in Seattle, Washington. A total of 184 veteran volunteers who met Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (Fifth Edition) criteria for PTSD were randomized. Data collection was completed November 28, 2018, and data analyses were conducted from December 10, 2018, to November 5, 2019. Interventions: Each intervention comprised 12 weekly 90-minute group sessions. Loving-kindness meditation (n = 91) involves silent repetition of phrases intended to elicit feelings of kindness for oneself and others. Cognitive processing therapy (n = 93) combines cognitive restructuring with emotional processing of trauma-related content. Main Outcomes and Measures: Co-primary outcomes were change in PTSD and depression scores over 6-month follow-up, assessed by the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS-5; range, 0-80; higher is worse) and Patient-Reported Outcome Measurement Information System (PROMIS; reported as standardized T-score with mean [SD] of 50 [10] points; higher is worse) depression measures. Noninferiority margins were 5 points on the CAPS-5 and 4 points on the PROMIS depression measure. Results: Among the 184 veterans (mean [SD] age, 57.1 [13.1] years; 153 men [83.2%]; 107 White participants [58.2%]) included in the study, 91 (49.5%) were randomized to the loving-kindness group, and 93 (50.5%) were randomized to the cognitive processing group. The mean (SD) baseline CAPS-5 score was 35.5 (11.8) and mean (SD) PROMIS depression score was 60.9 (7.9). A total of 121 veterans (66%) completed 6-month follow-up. At 6 months posttreatment, mean CAPS-5 scores were 28.02 (95% CI, 24.72-31.32) for cognitive processing therapy and 25.92 (95% CI, 22.62-29.23) for loving-kindness meditation (difference, 2.09; 95% CI, -2.59 to 6.78), and mean PROMIS depression scores were 61.22 (95% CI, 59.21-63.23) for cognitive processing therapy and 58.88 (95% CI, 56.86-60.91) for loving-kindness meditation (difference, 2.34; 95% CI, -0.52 to 5.19). In superiority analyses, there were no significant between-group differences in CAPS-5 scores, whereas for PROMIS depression scores, greater reductions were found for loving-kindness meditation vs cognitive processing therapy (for patients attending ≥6 visits, ≥4-point improvement was noted in 24 [39.3%] veterans receiving loving-kindness meditation vs 9 (18.0%) receiving cognitive processing therapy; P =.03). Conclusions and Relevance: Among veterans with PTSD, loving-kindness meditation resulted in reductions in PTSD symptoms that were noninferior to group cognitive processing therapy. For both interventions, the magnitude of improvement in PTSD symptoms was modest. Change over time in depressive symptoms was greater for loving-kindness meditation than for cognitive processing therapy. Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT01962714. ER  - 
CSF and Serum Biomarkers of Cerebral Damage in Autoimmune Epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Our goal was to investigate whether biomarkers of cerebral damage are found in autoimmune-mediated epilepsy (AIE) and whether these can differentiate AIE from other seizure disorders. Methods: We retrospectively searched our cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) database for patients with definite AIE, hippocampal sclerosis due to other causes (HS), genetic generalized epilepsy (GGE), and psychogenic, non-epileptic seizures (PNES). We measured serum and CSF tau, neurofilament 1 (NFL), glial fibrillary acid protein (GFAP), and ubiquitin-carboxy-terminal hydrolase L1 with a single-molecule array. Results: We identified suitable samples from patients with AIE (n = 13) with different antibodies and compared them to HS (n = 13), GGE (n = 7), and PNES (n = 8). The NFL levels were significantly elevated in the serum (p = 0.0009) and CSF (p < 0.0019) of AIE patients. The AIE group was significantly older, while the disease duration was significantly shorter than in the control groups. NFL correlated significantly with age in all groups, and the NFL levels of AIE patients were hardly higher than those of healthy elderly people published elsewhere. Conclusions: Our data indicate that the elevated NFL levels in AIE patients are most likely due to the higher age in this group and not due to the underlying inflammation. Unless larger prospective studies with intra-individual, longitudinal analyses and treatment responses would contradict our findings, NFL in serum might yet become a biomarker for disease activity and differential diagnosis. ER  - 
Perampanel as first add-on choice on the treatment of mesial temporal lobe epilepsy: an observational real-life study$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the efficacy of perampanel (PER) in patients with a diagnosis of mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE) taking PER as first add-on option due to inefficacy of first antiepileptic drug (AED), rather than late add-on choice. Methods: Thirty-seven MTLE patients aged ≥ 12 years were recruited consecutively with a minimum duration of follow-up of 1 year and intermediate follow-up of 3 months. Patients were divided into two groups: 20/37 taking PER as first add-on due to inefficacy of first AED (first group) and 17/37 taking PER as late add-on due to inefficacy of ≥ 2 AEDs (second group). Efficacy, retention rate, and safety were evaluated. Results: At 3 months, the 70% of the first group had a reduction > 50% of seizure frequency, with six patients becoming also seizure free, while in the second group, only the 23.5% had a reduction > 50% of seizure frequency and none became seizure free (p = 0.005). Six patients of first group were also switched to a monotherapy of PER and five out of six remained seizure free at 12 months. At 1 year of follow-up, efficacy of PER was 70% for the first group, while only of 29.4% for the second group (p = 0.014). Retention rate of the first group at 3 months and 1 year was 85%, while for the second group was, respectively, 82.3% and 64.7%. Conclusion: PER was significantly successful and tolerated in MTLE patients when used as first add-on option rather than as late add-on. ER  - 
Ten-year trend analysis of mortality due to external causes of injury in people with disabilities, South Korea, 2008–2017$$$ External causes of injury are major contributors to mortality among people with disabilities. We analyzed the 10-year trend (2008–2017) of mortality attributed to external causes of injury among people with disabilities. We conducted an observational, population-based, retrospective, cross-sectional study among people with disabilities in South Korea. The database was compiled by merging two data sets: registered people with disabilities during 2008–2017 from the Ministry of Health and Welfare, and the data published by the Korea National Statistical Office. Between 2008 and 2017, the all-cause mortality among people with disabilities showed a rising trend and increased from 2641 per 100,000 in 2008 to 2751 per 100,000 in 2017. During this 10-year period, 6.5–9.2% of the total number of deaths were caused by injuries. Disabilities that were associated with a high crude mortality rate shared the same three most frequent causes of death: suicide, motor vehicle crashes, and falling. Mortality due to external causes of injury increased among older people with disabilities. Thus, effective strategies are required to decrease preventable deaths caused by unintentional injuries among people with disabilities. ER  - 
Clinical and molecular spectra of BRAF-associated RASopathy$$$ Noonan syndrome (NS) and cardio-facio-cutaneous (CFC) syndrome are the most common subtypes of RASopathy. As an effector of Ras, BRAF is one of the molecules responsible for RASopathy. We investigated the phenotypic and genotypic features of 26 patients with BRAF-associated RASopathy. The clinical diagnoses were CFC (n = 21, 80.8%), NS (n = 3, 11.5%), NS/CFC (n = 1, 3.8%), and undefined syndromic intellectual disability (ID) (n = 1, 3.8%). The mostly shared phenotypes were ID (90.5%), cutaneous manifestations (84.6%), congenital heart defects (76.9%), short stature (76.9%), and dysmorphic features such as short neck (65.4%) and low-set ears (65.4%). Importantly, moderate to severe ID (57.1%) and epilepsy (26.9%) were noted. Eighteen different missense mutations were found, including a novel mutation, p.Phe498Tyr. p.Gln257Arg (n = 9, 34.6%) was the most common mutation, and the mutations were clustered in the cysteine-rich domain or protein kinase domain. A review of previously reported cases along with our findings revealed the existence of multiple sub-phenotypes of RASopathy within a single genotype, indicating that BRAF-associated RASopathy is not variant-specific. Our study further delineated the diverse and expanded clinical phenotypes of BRAF-associated RASopathy with their molecular genetic characteristics. ER  - 
Clinical features and treatment outcomes of seronegative pediatric autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Background and Purpose New diagnostic criteria for pediatric autoimmune encephalitis (AIE) have been introduced recently. A substantial proportion of cases of pediatric AIE are diagnosed as seronegative based on these criteria, and so the clinical characteristics of this group remain to be investigated. Methods This study included 46 pediatric patients younger than 18 years with suspected AIE. Clinical features, laboratory or radiological findings, and treatment outcomes were compared between seronegative and seropositive patients. Results Nine (19.6%) of the 46 patients were diagnosed as seropositive AIE. All of the patients with seropositive AIE had anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antibodies. Commonly identified neuropsychiatric symptoms were altered mental status, cognitive dysfunction, seizure, speech dysfunction, and psychotic disorder in both the seronegative and seropositive groups. Immunotherapy produced favorable treatment outcomes in both the seropositive (n=7, 77.8%) and seronegative (n=35, 94.6%) AIE patients. Treatment outcomes for first-line immunotherapy were better in seronegative AIE than seropositive AIE patients (p=0.003), and hence a smaller proportion of seronegative patients required second-line treatment (p=0.015). Conclusions Pediatric seronegative AIE patients showed clinical presentations similar to those of seropositive AIE patients, with favorable treatment outcomes after immunotherapy. ER  - 
Relationship between sensory alterations and repetitive behaviours in children with autism spectrum disorders: A parents’ questionnaire based study$$$ The relationship between sensory profile and repetitive behaviours in autism spectrum disorder (ASD) has long been known. However, there is no consensus on the type of relationship that exists between them. This monocentric retrospective–prospective observational study aimed (a) to detect a clinical correlation between the severity of repetitive behaviours and the alterations of sensory profile in a sample of 50 children diagnosed with ASD; (b) to evaluate how different patterns of stereotypies and sensory alterations correlate with each other and with the main clinical– instrumental variables in the same sample. We enrolled 29 children in the retrospective phase of the study and 21 in the prospective phase. The Repetitive Behaviour Scale-Revised (RBS-R) and the Short Sensory Profile (SSP) were administered to the caregivers, and clinical–instrumental data were collected. SSP and RBS-R total scores directly correlated with a high significance rate. Among the subscales, the strongest correlations involved “Visual/Auditory Sensitivity”, related to “Stereotyped Behaviour” and “Sameness Behaviour”. “Under-Responsive/Seeks Sensation” related to “Stereotyped Behaviour”. Sex and intellectual disability significantly influenced both the stereotypies and the sensory alterations of the examined population. In conclusion, this study provides new insights into the relationship between sensory alterations and repetitive behaviours in ASD children by using direct medical observation and parent observation. ER  - 
Longitudinal measurement of cerebrospinal fluid neurofilament light in anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis$$$ Background and purpose: Biomarkers reflecting the course of patients suffering from anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis (anti-NMDARE) are urgently needed. Neurofilament light chains (NfL) have been studied as potential markers for neuroaxonal injury mainly in neuroinflammatory diseases, but so far there have been only in a few small reports on anti-NMDARE. We aimed to compare the longitudinal course of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF)-NfL levels and anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDAR) antibodies with clinical parameters in six patients with anti-NMDARE. Methods: Longitudinal measurement of CSF-NfL levels and CSF anti-NMDAR antibodies in six patients suffering from anti-NMDARE was performed. Results: The major finding of this study is that most of our patients showed highly elevated NfL, with peak levels considerably delayed to clinical nadir. High NfL levels were associated with hippocampal atrophy but not with tumors detected. Furthermore, we did not find a clear relationship between NfL levels, CSF antibody titer, and CSF inflammatory markers. Conclusions: CSF-NfL levels do not predict short-term outcome but rather are associated with intensive care unit stay and extreme delta brushes. However, high CSF-NFL levels were associated with long-term outcome. Our data suggest early aggressive immunotherapy to avoid primary and secondary neuroaxonal damage. ER  - 
Determinants of loss to follow-up among mdr-tb patients$$$ Cases of tuberculosis has gotten worse since results of global surveillance revealed that mycobacterium is resistant to rifampicin and isoniazid. It can cause Loss to Follow-Up among MDR-TB patients. The purpose of this study is Determinants of Loss to Follow-Up among MDR-TB Patients. This research is an analytic observational study with a case control study design with a retrospective approach. Cases were MDR-TB patients who dropped out of treatment as much 27 people, while controls were subjects with MDR-TB patients who did not Loss to Follow-Up of treatment as much 83 people. Data analysis was performed by looking at the Odds Ratio value. The result showed that knowledge (OR = 5.28, 95% CI = 1.410347– 29.19908), drug side effect (OR = 32.324332, 95% CI = 4.732715–1353.07), family support (OR = 5.01875, 95% CI = 1.602489 – 15.57846), social stigma (OR = 6.712963, 95% CI = 1.473798–61.68985) were the determinants of loss to follow up among MDR-TB patients. It can conclude that determinants of loss to follow-up among MDR-TB patients include knowledge, drug side effects, family support, and social stigma. ER  - 
Patients with a relapsing course of steroid-responsive encephalopathy associated with autoimmune thyroiditis exhibit persistent intrathecal CD4+ T-cell activation$$$ Background and purpose: Steroid-responsive encephalopathy associated with autoimmune thyroiditis (SREAT) is a rare condition defined by encephalopathy with acute or subacute onset, the presence of serum anti-thyroid antibodies, and reasonable exclusion of alternative causes. Despite having strong response towards corticosteroid treatment, some patients exhibit a chronic-relapsing course and require long-term immunosuppression. Markers for early identification of those patients are still absent. Thus, we aimed to characterise clinical as well as laboratory parameters of our local SREAT cohort. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated a cohort of 22 SREAT patients treated in our hospital from January 2014. Results: A total of 14 patients with a monophasic disease course and eight patients with multiple relapses were identified. Neither baseline characteristics nor routine cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) parameters were able to distinguish between those patient groups. Flow cytometry following initial relapse therapy showed treatment-resistant sequestration of activated CD4+ T cells in patients with a relapsing disease course, whereas other lymphocyte subsets showed uniform changes. Such changes were also present in long-term follow-up CSF examination. Conclusion: Our findings indicate a potential biomarker for risk stratification in patients with SREAT. Currently, it remains unclear whether the observed two phenotypes are different spectra of SREAT or represent separate diseases in terms of pathophysiology. ER  - 
Comparison of inpatients who were readmitted within 28 days of discharge with those not readmitted: an audit at an Australian private psychiatric hospital$$$ Objective: To compare inpatients who had been readmitted within 28 days of discharge with patients not readmitted within the same period in a private psychiatric hospital. Method: Of 118 readmissions within 28 days in 2017 (7% of admissions), 50 were randomly selected and matched by age and gender with control patients who had not been readmitted within 28 days. Differences in demographics, diagnosis, length of stay and number of admissions in the previous 12 months were examined. Results: Readmitted cases were 64% female, were aged 49.8 ± 18.2 years (range 19–89), 40% were in relationships and 24% were receiving disability support. Most patients were suffering an episode of depression. Cases had higher rates of multiple psychiatric diagnoses (p <.001) and physical disorders (p <.05). There were no significant differences between cases and controls on psychiatric diagnoses. Cases had a longer length of stay in their previous admission (p <.01) and a higher number of admissions in the preceding 12 months (p <.05) compared to controls. Conclusion: This study indicates that inpatients readmitted within 28 days of discharge were more likely to have multiple diagnoses, physical co-morbidity and relapsing conditions than patients who were not readmitted. ER  - 
Levetiracetam as first-line monotherapy for Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy in women$$$ Background: Levetiracetam (LEV) is effective in Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy (IGE) and seems to be a good alternative to valproic acid in women of childbearing age. However, there is lack of approval for this indication as monotherapy. The aim of this study is to assess the efficacy of LEV as a first-line therapy in this population. Methods: The study is a descriptive analysis of women aged between 16 and 45 years old diagnosed with IGE and treated with LEV as first-line monotherapy. Minimum follow-up was 24 months. Results: 26 women. Mean age: 25.4 years (17–43). 14 Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy; 8 Tonic-Clonic Seizures Alone; 4 Juvenile Absence. Mean follow-up: 68.3 months (24–120). 11 patients (40.7%) continued to take LEV as monotherapy, of which 10 were seizure-free, and three (11.5%) continue to be seizure-free after withdrawing LEV. 12 patients (46.2%) required a change of treatment: 25% (3/12) due to lack of efficacy, 42% (5/12) due to adverse effects and 33% (4/12) due to both. Irritability was the most frequent adverse effect. At the last assessment, three patients (11.5%) continued to have seizures despite polytherapy. Estimated retention rates were 78.1% at one year (SE 7.3%) and 51% at 5 years (SE 9.8%). Estimated median retention time is 72 months (CI 95%: 50.9–93.1). Conclusion: LEV could be an effective drug as first-line treatment for IGE in women of childbearing potential. The adverse effects are its main limitation. Comparative studies are needed in order to establish it for this indication. ER  - 
Infection in systemic lupus erythematosus patients$$$ Background: Infection is a leading cause of morbidity, mortality and hospital admission in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients. Aim of the work: To study infection in SLE patients regarding site of infection, pathogenic organism, hospitalization and/or intensive care unit (ICU) admission. Patients and methods: This study included 79 patients. SLE disease activity index (SLEDAI-2K) and damage index were evaluated. Detailed information about the site of infection and pathogens were reported. Results: 71 females and 8 male patients (F:M 8.9:1), with a mean age of 29 ± 9.6 years (17–55 years) and disease duration of 5.9 ± 5.7 years, 55 (69.6%) patients had infection at time of study while 24 (30.4%) did not. The SLEDAI-2 k and damage index were significantly higher in SLE patients with infection (14.2 ± 11.8 and 3.7 ± 3.7) compared to those without infection (5.9 ± 5.03 and 1.8 ± 1.3) (p = 0.03 and p = 0.045 respectively). Those with infection had a shorter disease duration (4.9 ± 5.2 vs 8.3 ± 6.2; p = 0.005), received more cyclophosphamide (56.4% vs 16.7%; p = 0.001), higher erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) (75.5 ± 27.1 vs 35.8 ± 24.7 mm/1sthr) (p < 0.0001) and consumed complement (C3) (71.1 ± 28.4 vs 97.2 ± 28.2; p < 0.0001). 17/55 (30.9%) had more than one site of infection and 46/55 (83.6%) required hospital admission. 17 (30.9%) of hospitalized patients were transferred to the ICU. The main pathogenic organisms were bacterial (40%), fungal (27.3%), viral (10.9%) and unconfirmed in 21.8%. Chest was the commonest site (40%) followed by the skin (34.4%), oropharynx (25.5%) and urinary tract (20%). Conclusion: Infection is an important cause of hospital and ICU admission in SLE patients. Early disease, disease activity and damage, cyclophosphamide, ESR and consumed C3 were associated with infection in SLE. ER  - 
Functional dystonia: A case-control study and risk prediction algorithm$$$ Objective: Functional dystonia (FD) is a disabling and diagnostically challenging functional movement disorder (FMD). We sought to identify historical predictors of FD vs. other primary dystonias (ODs) and develop a practical prediction algorithm to guide neurologists. Methods: 1475 consecutive new patient medical records were reviewed at an adult/pediatric tertiary-referral dystonia clinic from 2005 to 2017. Ninety-nine met criteria for clinically established FD (85 adults and 14 pediatric), paired with 99 age/dystonia distribution-matched OD. Univariate and multivariate regression analyses were performed to identify predictors of FD and disability. We formed a prediction algorithm, assessed using the area under the receiver operating curve (AUC). Results: Multivariate logistic regression analysis investigating independent predictors of FD (P < 0.001) followed by development of a prediction algorithm showed that the most robust predictors included abrupt onset, spontaneous resolution/recurrence, pain, cognitive complaints, being on or pursuing disability, lifetime mood/anxiety disorder, comorbid functional somatic disorders, and having ≥3 medication allergies. The prediction algorithm had utility for both adult and pediatric FD, with excellent sensitivity/specificity (89%/92%) and an area under the curve (AUC) 0.95 (0.92-0.98). Greater disability (modified Rankin Scale) independently correlated with a number of functional examination features, unemployment/not attending school, number of medication allergies, and younger age of presentation. FD patients were high health-care utilizers and were more frequently prescribed opiates/opioids and benzodiazepines (P < 0.003). Interpretation: This case-control study provides an algorithm to guide clinicians in gauging their index of suspicion for a FD, with diagnostic confirmation subsequently informed by neurological examination. While this algorithm requires prospective validation, health-care utilization data underscore the importance and need for more research in FD. ER  - 
Ten year cumulative incidence of dementia after late onset epilepsy of unknown etiology$$$ Recent epidemiological studies suggest late life onset epilepsy of unknown etiology (LOEU) is a risk factor for future dementia. These studies rely on inclusion and exclusion of multiple diagnostic codes rather than structured data and neuroimaging findings, and thus challenging to interpret clinically. We assessed the cumulative incidence of dementia in patients with LOEU diagnosed through admission data and neuroimaging over a 10-year follow-up and compared baseline characteristics that distinguish group level incident dementia. We screened our hospital records for patients aged 55–69 with new epilepsy, admitted between 2000 and 2008, and excluded patients diagnosed with epilepsy from an underlying cause on medical records or neuroimaging. We used retrospective hospital data to follow patients for incident dementia or mortality at 10 years and compared baseline (demographics, depression or anxiety, vascular risk factors, results of electroencephalogram (EEG) studies, antidepressant use and type of ant seizure medication) and follow up (seizure recurrence, incident cerebrovascular disease) characteristics for patients with and without incident dementia. Fifty-four LOEU cases were screened, age at first seizure was 61 ± 5. The 10-year cumulative incidence of dementia was 22.20% (95% Confidence Interval 22.08–23.10%) and time to dementia diagnosis was 5.4 ± 3.9 years. Patients with incident dementia were more likely to be women (83% vs 38%, p = 0.002), have interictal epileptic form discharges (IED) on baseline EEG (70% vs 29%, p = 0.011) and depression or anxiety (50% vs 18%, p = 0.026). No differences were found in other baseline or follow up characteristics. Our results support recent findings of dementia incidence in LOEU. Prospective studies on LOEU should evaluate phenotypic determinants of individuals with late life epilepsy and the rate of progression to dementia. ER  - 
The psychiatric effects of ketogenic diet therapy on adults with chronic epilepsy$$$ Objectives: Patients with epilepsy are known to exhibit high rates of comorbid psychiatric disorders such as depression, anxiety, and other mood disorders. Little is known about the psychiatric effects of a ketogenic diet therapy (KDT) on adults with epilepsy. The objective of this study was to better understand the relationship between KDT and psychological state based on depressive and anxiety symptoms in adults with chronic epilepsy. Methods: Adults at the Johns Hopkins Adult Epilepsy Diet Center on a modified Atkins diet (MAD) for at least one month were surveyed retrospectively. Adults who were diet naïve were given a baseline survey and an additional survey after 3 months or more on MAD. Surveys included validated measures of depressive and anxiety symptoms as well as their severity. Participant demographics, seizure frequency, and use of concomitant antiseizure drugs (ASDs), chronic anxiolytics (excluding as-needed benzodiazepines for seizure rescue only), and/or antidepressant drugs were extracted from electronic medical records. Results: One-hundred participants aged 19–75 enrolled in the study. Sixty participants filled out a single retrospective survey. Of 40 diet naïve participants who filled out a baseline prospective survey, 19 completed a follow-up survey while on MAD and 21 participants were lost to follow-up. Longer diet duration was significantly associated with fewer anxiety and depressive symptoms, based on psychiatric measure scores, in retrospective study participants. Lower seizure frequency was also significantly associated with less anxiety symptoms in the retrospective cohort. Prospective study participants did not experience significant change in anxiety or depressive symptoms on the diet. There was a significant correlation between higher ketone level and responder rate (≥50% seizure reduction) in the prospective cohort, although no correlation between ketone level and change in psychiatric symptoms was seen. Significance: Psychiatric comorbidity among patients with epilepsy is quite common and can be influenced by multiple factors such as seizure frequency, the use of various ASDs, social factors, and underlying etiology. Although ketogenic diet therapies have been in clinical use for one century, the psychiatric impacts have been insufficiently explored. This study provides preliminary evidence that KDT may have a positive impact on psychological state independent of seizure reduction or ketone body production and may be influenced by longer duration of diet therapy. These results support further investigation into specific effects and potential therapeutic benefits on various psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Positive and negative effects of perampanel treatment on psychiatric and behavioral symptoms in adult patients with epilepsy$$$ Purposes: The purpose of the study was to investigate the positive and negative effects of perampanel (PER) treatment on the psychiatric and behavioral symptoms in patients with epilepsy and to evaluate factors associated with the psychiatric and behavioral changes caused by PER. Methods: We retrospectively examined medical records of patients with epilepsy treated with PER in the Department of Psychiatry, Epilepsy Center, Nishiniigata Chuo National Hospital. Multiple regression analyses were performed with the psychiatric and behavioral prognoses as dependent variables and clinical characteristics of the patients as independent variables. Results: Thirty-two of 135 patients (23.7%) had psychiatric and behavioral deterioration after the initiation of PER, whereas 22 patients (16.3%) showed improvement in psychiatric and behavioral symptoms after PER administration. Etiology of structural abnormalities, concomitant use of nitrazepam, and comorbidities of irritability and depression were significantly associated with increasing incidence of psychiatric and behavioral deterioration. Concomitant use of carbamazepine was significantly associated with decreasing incidence of psychiatric and behavioral deterioration. Suppression of awareness-impaired seizures by PER, concomitant use of carbamazepine, and comorbidities of insomnia, anxiety, and amnesia were significantly associated with an increasing incidence of psychiatric and behavioral improvement. Improvements in psychiatric symptoms by PER were associated with a reduction in the use of psychotropic drugs. In particular, about 1/4 of benzodiazepines had been discontinued. Conclusions: Perampanel therapy may aggravate or even ameliorate psychiatric and behavioral symptoms in patients with epilepsy. The psychiatric and behavioral prognoses after administration of PER vary depending on the type of psychiatric and behavioral comorbidities in patients with epilepsy. Psychiatric and behavioral symptoms may improve in patients with successful suppression of seizures by PER. Additionally, combination therapy consisting of PER and carbamazepine may be associated with good outcomes of psychiatric and behavioral symptoms in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Evaluation of a self-management intervention for adults with epilepsy in Taiwan: A longitudinal randomized controlled trial$$$ Purpose: Epilepsy is a neurological disease that causes recurrent seizures and can have a significant impact on a person's quality of life (QOL). A self-management intervention (SMI) can allow adults with epilepsy to modify behaviors in order to manage their seizures and evaluate the impact of medication and treatments on their daily lives. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of a SMI for adults with epilepsy. Methods: This was a longitudinal randomized controlled trial. Adults with epilepsy between the age of 20 and 65 years were recruited from a medical center in northern Taiwan. Participants were assigned to an intervention group (IG) or control group (CG) through simple randomization. Data regarding demographic and clinical characteristics were collected at baseline (T0). In addition, participants answered nine validated self-report questionnaires, which were used as outcome measures. Following collection of baseline data, the CG received routine monthly counseling over the next 3 months. The IG received the routine monthly counseling, as well as individual face-to-face health counseling on self-management 1 h/month and remote counseling via the phone or computer network at least twice per month. After the first month (T1) and at the end of the third (T2) and sixth months (T3) participants answered the nine questionnaires again. Differences in outcomes between the IGs and CGs were analyzed by comparing scores for the nine outcome variables at T0 with scores at T1, T2, and T3 with generalized estimating equations. Results: A total of 210 adults agreed to participate in the study; however, only 155 participants completed the questionnaires for all three time points: 75 in the CG and 80 in the IG. The mean age of the 155 participants was 39.6 years (SD = 10.9). There was no significant difference between demographic or clinical variables between the two groups. The only difference in baseline scores (T0) among the nine self-report questionnaires was in epilepsy knowledge, measured with the Epilepsy Knowledge Profile questionnaire, which were significantly higher for the CG (mean = 32.28, SD = 3.92) than the IG (mean = 23.01, SD = 2.79) (p < 0.001). Generalized estimating equations (GEE) analysis showed scores decreased significantly at T3 from baseline for the CG for epilepsy knowledge and QOL (p < 0.001). Improvements in scores for sleep quality, anxiety, depression, self-efficacy, coping, and social support did not differ between groups. Classification of the IG by gender showed a significantly greater increase for males compared with females from baseline to T3 for epilepsy knowledge (p < 0.001). If we further classified the IGs by seizure frequency, participants with a seizure frequency of ≥1 per year had a more significant increase in epilepsy knowledge and increase in QOL compared with participants with a seizure frequency of <1 per year at T3 compared with T0. Conclusion: The lack of improvement in health-related quality of life (HRQoL) following the SMI may indicate that additional time is required to change behaviors that impact this variable for patients with epilepsy. Additional research should focus on variables associated with medication compliance, epilepsy knowledge, medicine symptom distress, self-efficacy, anxiety, and HRQoL. ER  - 
Impact of COVID-19 on quality of life in people with epilepsy, and a multinational comparison of clinical and psychological impacts$$$ Background: This study aimed to determine the relationship among the clinical, logistic, and psychological impacts of COVID-19 on people with epilepsy (PWE), and the impact of COVID-19 on the quality of life. Method: This is a cross-sectional anonymized web-based study on PWE, using an online questionnaire to assess the clinical, logistic, and psychological impacts of COVID-19, including Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS) and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31). Result: 461 patients were recruited, with a mean age of 39.21 ± 15.88 years, majority female (50.1%), with focal epilepsy (54.0%), and experienced seizures at least once yearly (62.5%). There were 13.0% experienced seizure worsening during COVID-19 period, which were associated with baseline seizures frequency ≥ 1 per month (32.0% vs. 6.2%, p < 0.001), worries of seizure worsening (18.0% vs. 10.9%, p < 0.001), difficulty to go emergency unit (24.4% vs. 10.4%, p < 0.001), AEDs ran out of stock (23.2% vs. 11.6%, p < 0.05), self-adjustment of AED dosages (26.4% vs. 11.3%, p < 0.001), inadequate sleep (22.4% vs. 9.2%, p < 0.001), and stress (23.4% vs.10.1%, p < 0.01). Participants experiencing seizure worsening reported greater anxiety (8.10 ± 5.011 vs. 4.84 ± 3.989, p < 0.001) and depression (6.05 ± 3.868 vs. 3.86 ± 3.589, p < 0.001). Logistic regression showed baseline seizures frequency >1 per month (OR, 14.10) followed by anxiety (OR, 3.90), inadequate sleep (OR, 0.37), and treated in UMMC (OR, 0.31) as the predictors for seizure worsening during COVID-19 period. Poorer total QOLIE-31 score was noted in those with seizure worsening (48.01 ± 13.040 vs. 62.15 ± 15.222, p < 0.001). Stepwise regression highlighted depression as the main negative predictor for quality of life (β = −0.372, p < 0.001), followed by anxiety (β = -0.345, p < 0.001). Conclusion: A significant number of PWE experienced seizure worsening during COVID-19 period, which was related to the clinical, logistic, and psychological factors. Quality of life was affected by the seizure worsening and the psychological stress. ER  - 
The COVID-19 outbreak and PNES: The impact of a ubiquitously felt stressor$$$ Objective: We aimed to assess frequency of functional seizures or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) during the COVID-19 outbreak and to recognize possible factors associated with worsening in this population. Methods: In this cross-sectional study conducted during the second phase of the pandemic, adult patients with PNES documented by video-EEG and followed up in two tertiary epilepsy centers responded to a structured telephone survey. Data were gathered on demographics, clinical features and frequency of PNES, history of psychiatric comorbidity, access to treatment, as well as on anxiety (GAD-7 items) and depressive symptoms (NDDI-E). Results: Fifty-four patients (78% female; mean age of 31.36 years [SD = 10.6]) were contacted and 15 (28%) reported increased frequency of PNES during the pandemic. Higher scores of GAD-7 items (p < 0.001) and NDDI-E (p < 0.001) were associated with PNES worsening. There was strong evidence of a correlation between higher stress levels (p < 0.001) and poor sleep quality (p 0.005) with PNES aggravation. After regression, stress was the strongest predictor of PNES increased frequency. Significance: Patients with functional neurological disorders are vulnerable during ubiquitously felt stressors. However, the atmosphere of uncertainty did not affect these patients equally. Patients with PNES showing symptoms of anxiety and depression are at higher risk of seizure worsening. Early identification of this subset of patients may prevent this detrimental outcome. ER  - 
Physical and mental health comorbidities of patients with epilepsy in Germany – A retrospective cohort study$$$ Aims: The aim of this study was to estimate the prevalence of physical and psychological comorbidities in patients with epilepsy in Germany in order to better understand the complex clinical picture and its consequences. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included adult individuals with a diagnosis of epilepsy between January 2018 and December 2018 (index date). Patients with epilepsy were matched 1:1 with patients without epilepsy by age, sex, and physician. The study outcomes included the associations between epilepsy and different physical and mental disorders documented within 365 days after the index date as well as multimorbidity defined as at least two, three, four, and five different diagnoses. The present study used multivariate logistic regression models with all study disorders as dependent variables and epilepsy as an impact variable. Results: After 1:1 matching, the present study included 7942 patients with and 7942 patients without epilepsy (mean age: 58.0 years; 49.7% female). Epilepsy was significantly positively associated with nine disorders, and the strongest associations were with mental retardation (Odds Ratio (OR): 21.11 (95% Confidence Intervals (CI): 12.52–35.59)), cerebrovascular diseases (OR: 3.14 (95% CI: 2.80–3.55)), and dementia (OR: 1.72 (95% CI: 1.47–2.01)). Epilepsy was associated with significantly increased odds of multimorbidity. Conclusion: In summary, individuals with epilepsy have an increased prevalence of comorbidities that increase with age. Further research should be undertaken in this area, including the etiology of comorbidities. ER  - 
Neuroticism and extraversion affect health-related quality of life of persons with epilepsy independently from depression and anxiety symptoms$$$ Purpose: We determined whether neuroticism and extraversion are associated with health-related quality of life (HRQoL) independently from other psychological factors in persons with epilepsy. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study of 357 adults with epilepsy. The Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-31 (QOLIE-31), short form of the Eysenck Personality Questionnaire-Revised, Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale, Rosenberg Self-esteem Scale, and Stigma Scale for Epilepsy were used. A hierarchical linear regression analysis and Sobel test were performed. Results: The final model explained 64.2% of the variance in the QOLIE-31. Demographic factors, entered in step 1 of the hierarchical linear regression, explained <1% of the variance. Social factors entered in step 2 and epilepsy-related factors in step 3 explained an additional 9.3% and 9.6% of the variance, respectively. Psychological factors, entered in the final step, explained 44.7% of the variance. Except for extraversion, all psychological factors assessed were independently associated with QOLIE-31 scores. When entered in step 1 of the regression analysis, neuroticism explained 36.1% of the variance, following only depression (49.0%) and anxiety (44.9%) according to the Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale. Both neuroticism (B = −0.264, p = 0.001) and extraversion (B = 0.189, p = 0.009) had indirect effects on QOLIE-31 scores mediated by depressive symptoms. Conclusions: Neuroticism is the third most important factor for HRQoL of persons with epilepsy, following depressive symptoms and anxiety. Both neuroticism and extraversion indirectly affect HRQoL through depressive symptoms. ER  - 
Emotional functioning in pediatric epilepsy: Evidence of greater externalizing behavior with left hemisphere onset$$$ Though it is wellknown that psychiatric concerns are common in children with epilepsy, factors predicting such problems are not well understood. The present investigation studied rates of parent-reported psychological concerns in clinically referred children with epilepsy. Further, it investigated differences in psychological distress across epilepsy subtypes (i.e., focal, generalized, mixed), relationships with epilepsy severity variables, gender, and lateralization of seizure foci. The parents of 170 children and adolescents (ages 6–18 years, 78 girls, 92 boys) completed the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL). Scale elevation frequencies (T-scores ≥ 65) were calculated and Chi square analyses examined rates of elevations between epilepsy groups. Internalizing problems (32.4%) were more common than externalizing problems (17.1%) for the sample, with attention problems being the most common concern across all epilepsy types (48.8%). While there were no significant relationships between epilepsy severity variables and CBCL broadband scales, the Total Problems scale was inversely related to intellectual functioning (r = −0.174, p = 0.023). Rates of anxiety and depression did not differ across epilepsy subtypes and no gender differences were found. Those with left-sided epilepsy had higher rates of externalizing problems (33.2%) than those with right (14.0%; χ2[1, 88] = 4.55, p = 0.03), with rule-breaking behaviors (15.4%) being more common in left-hemisphere epilepsy (15.4% versus 2.3%; χ2[1,88] = 4.66, p = 0.03). In summary, while no significant differences were found across epilepsy groups, the current study adds to the literature regarding lateralization effects and mood/behavior, with more externalizing problems in those with left hemisphere epilepsy. ER  - 
Social anxiety is associated with poor quality of life in adults with epilepsy in Northeast China: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: This study aimed to investigate the factors influencing the level of social anxiety in patients with epilepsy (PWE) in Northeast China. We also identified the effect of social anxiety on the quality of life in these patients. Methods: A consecutive cohort of 148 adult PWE from The First Hospital of Jilin University were recruited. In this sample, 116 patients had focal epilepsy, 20 had generalized epilepsy, and 12 had unclassified epilepsy. Depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and quality of life were evaluated using the Chinese version of the Patient Health Questionnaire 9 (PHQ-9), 20-item Social Phobia Scale (SPS), 20-item Social Interaction Anxiety Scale (SIAS), and Quality-of-Life Inventory in Epilepsy-31 (QOLIE-31), respectively. Multivariate linear regression analyses were employed to identify independent factors influencing SPS scores and SIAS scores. Results: Correlation analysis suggested that sex, age at onset, seizure frequency over the last year, AED treatment model, >50% nocturnal seizures, PHQ-9 score, and QOLIE-31 score had a significant correlation with the SPS score. The age at onset, seizure frequency over the last year, AED treatment model, PHQ-9 score, and QOLIE-31 score correlated with the SIAS score. Multiple linear regression analysis showed that the total QOLIE-31 score (β = − 0.481; p = 0.001) was inversely associated with the SPS score in PWE. Additionally, earlier age of onset (β = −0.156; p = 0.022) and low total QOLIE-31 score (β = −0.457; p = 0.001) were risk factors for high SIAS scores. Conclusion: We found that social anxiety was independently associated with poor quality of life. Earlier age of onset was also a risk factor for social anxiety. Future studies with large sample sizes are required to confirm our findings. ER  - 
The effect of quarantine due to Covid-19 pandemic on seizure frequency in 102 adult people with epilepsy from Apulia and Basilicata regions, Southern Italy$$$ Objective: following the COVID-19 pandemic, a quarantine was imposed to all of regions Italy by 9th March until 3rd May 2020. We investigated the effect of COVID-19 infection and quarantine on seizure frequency in adult people with epilepsy (PwE) of Apulia and Basilicata regions, Southern Italy. Methods: This is an observational, retrospective study based on prospective data collection of 102 successive PWE. The frequency of seizures was evaluated during pre-quarantine (January- February), quarantine (March–April), and post–quarantine period (May-June), while PwE were divided into A) cases responding to treatment with ≤ 1 seizure per year; B) cases responding to treatment with 2–5 seizure per year; C) cases with drug-resistant epilepsy with ≤ 4 seizures per month; D) cases with drug-resistant epilepsy with 5–10 seizures per month. PwE underwent several self-report questionnaires regarding therapeutic compliance, mood, stress and sleep during quarantine period. Results: Approximately 50 % of PwE showed seizure frequency changes (22.55 % an increase and 27.45 % a reduction) during quarantine. Seizure frequency significantly (p < 0.05) increased in PwE responding to treatment with ≤ 1 seizure per year, while significantly (p < 0.05) reduced in PwE with drug-resistant epilepsy with 5–10 seizures per month. The data was not influenced by therapeutic adherence, sleep and depression. The analysis of anxiety showed a moderate level of anxiety in PwE responding to treatment with < 1 seizure per year, while moderate stress was perceived by all PwE. Seizure frequency changes were related to quarantine, but not to COVID-19 infection. In fact, unlike other regions of Italy, particularly Northern Italy, Apulia and Basilicata regions were less affected by COVID-19 infection, and almost all PwE recognized the quarantine as a stressful event. Emotional distress and anxiety due to social isolation, but also the relative reduction of triggers for epileptic seizures were the most important factors for changes in seizure frequency. Conclusions: Our study adds to the growing concern that the indirect effects of COVID-19 pandemic will far outstrip the direct consequences of the infection. ER  - 
Cardiovascular disease risk, awareness, and treatment in people with epilepsy$$$ Objective: To evaluate whether cardiovascular risk, risk awareness, and guideline concordant treatment differ in individuals with versus without epilepsy. Methods: This was a retrospective cross-sectional study using the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. We included participants ≥18 years for 2013–2018. We classified participants as having epilepsy if reporting ≥1 medication treating seizures. We calculated 10-year atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk using the revised pooled cohort equation. We compared unadjusted and adjusted risk for participants with versus without epilepsy. We then assessed hypertension and diabetes disease awareness and control, plus statin guideline-concordance. We assessed mediators for both ASCVD risk and cardiovascular disease awareness. Results: Of 17,961 participants, 154 (0.9%) had epilepsy. Participants with epilepsy reported poorer diet (p = 0.03), fewer minutes of moderate-vigorous activity per day (p < 0.01), and increased frequency of cardiovascular conditions (e.g. coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction, stroke). There was no difference in control of individual examination and laboratory risk factors between groups (A1c, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, total cholesterol). However, epilepsy was associated with 52% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0–130%) increase in ASCVD risk, which became nonsignificant after adjusting for health behaviors. No single studied variable (income, Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), diet, smoking) had a significant indirect effect. Participants with epilepsy reported increased hypertension awareness which was trivially but significantly mediated by having a routine place of healthcare (indirect effect: 1% absolute increase (95% CI: 0–1%), and they reported increased rates of hypertension treatment and guideline-concordant statin therapy. Participants with versus without epilepsy reported similar rates of blood pressure control and diabetes awareness, treatment, and control. Conclusions: Participants with epilepsy had increased ASCVD risk, despite similar or better awareness, treatment, and control of individual risk factors such as diabetes and hypertension. Our results suggest that epilepsy is associated with numerous health behaviors leading to cardiovascular disease, though the causal pathway is complex as these variables (income, depression, diet, exercise, smoking) generally served as confounders rather than mediators. ER  - 
Psychiatric symptoms are the strongest predictors of quality of life in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: This cross-sectional study aimed to determine the effect of psychiatric comorbidity and neurocognitive deficits on the quality of life in a cohort of patients admitted for Video-EEG Monitoring (VEM) for investigation into a presumed seizure disorder. Methods: Patients were recruited from an inpatient VEM unit between January 2009 and December 2016. All patients had formal neuropsychiatric assessment. All patients completed questionnaires assessing psychiatric symptomatology (SCL-90-R), Anxiety and Depression (HADS), quality of life (QOLIE-89), and cognition (NUCOG). Results: A total of 451 patients were enrolled. Upon discharge, 204 patients were diagnosed to have epilepsy, 118 psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), and 29 both epilepsy and PNES, while the diagnosis was uncertain diagnosis in 100. Diagnosis (p =.002), HADS Depression score (p <.001), SCL-90-R positive symptoms total (p <.001), and NUCOG total score (p <.001) were found to be significant predictors of QOLIE-89 total scores, together explaining 65.4% of variance in quality of life. Seizure frequency was not a significant predictor of quality of life (p =.082). Patients with PNES had significantly worse quality of life, and scored higher on measures of psychiatric symptomatology, compared to patients with epilepsy alone. The prevalence of psychiatric comorbidity was significantly higher in patients with PNES (70.3%) or both PNES and epilepsy (62.1%) compared to patients with epilepsy alone (41.2%) (p <.001). Significance: Psychiatric symptomatology, depression, and cognition were stronger determinants of quality of life than seizure frequency in this study population of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy and PNES. Patients with PNES with or without comorbid epilepsy had similar neuropsychiatric profiles. ER  - 
A nationwide analysis of maternal morbidity and acute postpartum readmissions in women with epilepsy$$$ Objective: To compare maternal delivery hospitalization characteristics and postpartum outcomes in women with epilepsy (WWE) versus women without common neurological comorbidities. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort analysis of index characterizations and short-term postpartum rehospitalizations after viable delivery within the 2015–2017 National Readmissions Database using International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision codes. Wald chi-squared testing compared baseline demographic, hospital and clinical characteristics and postpartum complications between WWE and controls. Multivariable logistic regression models examined odds of nonelective readmissions within 30 and 90 days for WWE compared to controls (alpha = 0.05). Results: A total of 38,518 WWE and 8,136,335 controls had a qualifying index admission for delivery. Baseline differences were most pronounced in Medicare/Medicaid insurance (WWE: 58.2%, controls: 43%, p < 0.0001), alcohol/substance abuse (WWE: 8.3%, controls: 2.5%, p < 0.0001), psychotic disorders (WWE: 1.2%, controls 0.1%, p < 0.0001), and mood disorder (WWE: 15.5%, controls: 3.7%, p < 0.0001). At the time of delivery, WWE were more likely to have edema, proteinuria, and hypertensive disorders (WWE: 19%, controls: 12.9%, p < 0.0001); a history of recurrent pregnancy loss (WWE: 1%, controls: 0.4%, p < 0.0001); preterm labor (WWE: 7.3%, controls: 4.8%, p < 0.0001), or presence of any Center for Disease Control severe maternal morbidity indicator (WWE: 3.2%, controls: 0.6%, p < 0.0001; AOR 5.16, 95% CI 4.70–5.67, p < 0.0001). A higher proportion of WWE were readmitted within 30 days (WWE: 2.4%, controls: 1.1%) and 90 days (WWE: 3.7%, controls: 1.6%). After adjusting for covariates, the odds of postpartum nonelective readmissions within 30 days (AOR 1.86, 95% CI 1.66–2.08, p-value <0.0001) and 90 days (AOR 2.04, 95% CI 1.83–2.28, p-value <0.0001) were higher in WWE versus controls. Interpretation: Women with epilepsy experienced critical obstetric complications and a higher risk of severe maternal morbidity indicators at the time of delivery. Although relatively low, nonelective short-term readmissions after delivery were higher in WWE than women without epilepsy or other common neurological comorbidities. Further research is needed to address multidisciplinary care inconsistencies, improve maternal outcomes, and provide evidence-based guidelines. ER  - 
Clinical features of anti-leucine-rich glioma-inactivated 1 encephalitis in northeast China$$$ Aim: To examine the clinical characteristics, laboratory tests, imaging and electroencephalography presentation, treatment, and prognosis of anti-leucine-rich glioma-inactivated 1 (anti-LGI1) encephalitis and improve the awareness of this disease. Method: We performed a retrospective analysis of the clinical data of 41 patients who were diagnosed with anti-LGI1 encephalitis. Their clinical characteristics, laboratory tests, and imaging and electroencephalography data were collected, and the treatment results and prognosis were evaluated. The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was used to evaluate neurological function. Results: A total of 41 patients were included in the study, the average follow-up time is 33.0 months.The initial symptoms included cognitive impairment (n = 16, 39.0%),faciobrachial dystonic seizures (FBDS) (n = 12, 29.3%), grand mal seizures (n = 5, 12.2%) hallucinations (n = 4, 9.8%), loss of consciousness (n = 2, 4.9%), nausea and vomiting (n = 1, 2.4%),and head discharge-like sensation and radiate one limb (n = 1, 2.4%). There were 20 and 21 patients in the good (mRS ≤ 2) and poor (mRS > 2) prognosis groups, respectively. In the good prognosis group, the initial symptoms included faciobrachial dystonic seizures (FBDS) (n = 6, 30.0%), cognitive impairment (n = 6, 30.0%), hallucinations (n = 4, 20.0%), grand mal seizures (n = 3, 15.0%), loss of consciousness (n = 2, 10.0%), and nausea and vomiting (n = 1, 5.0%). There were 10 patients with hyponatremia. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed limbic system involvement in 12 patients (60.0%).17 patients (85.0%) recovered, 2 (10.0%) showed significant improvement, and 1 (5.0%) died after a mean follow-up period of 36.9 months. In the poor prognosis group, the initial symptoms included FBDS (n = 6, 28.5%), cognitive impairment (n = 10, 47.6%), grand mal seizures (n = 2, 9.5%), and electric shock-like sensation in the left limbs (n = 1, 4.7%). There were 20 patients with hyponatremia. MRI showed limbic system involvement in 11 patients (52.4%). 11 patients (52.4%) recovered, 8 (38.1%) showed significant improvement, and 2 (9.5%) died after a mean follow-up period of 29.0 months. Conclusions: The clinical characteristics of anti-LGI1 encephalitis include hyponatremia, FBDS, epileptic seizures, hallucinations, cognitive impairment, and loss of consciousness, while the rarely seen characteristics are nausea, vomiting, and other autonomic dysfunctions and electric shock-like sensation. The appearance of hallucinations often indicates a good prognosis.Hyponatremia and elevated cerebrospinal fluid protein levels can be used as indicators that affect the prognosis of patients.Limbic system involvement has nothing to do with prognosis.Attention should be paid to early diagnosis and timely first-line immunotherapy. ER  - 
Socio-economic impact on epilepsy outside of the nation-wide COVID-19 pandemic area$$$ Objective: To identify people with epilepsy (PWE) who required extensive care before the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic that had world-wide impacts on medical care and on socio-economic conditions. Methods: Consecutive PWE who were treated at the epilepsy center of Hiroshima University Hospital, which was located in the COVID-19 non-pandemic area, between March 2019 and August 2020 were enrolled. We evaluated clinical and socioeconomic factors that were associated with seizure exacerbation (an increase in seizure frequency) during the first 6 months after the COVID-19 pandemic started compared with the previous 6 months. Results: Among the 196 PWE who were evaluated (mean age was 37.8 ± 16.2 years), there were 33 PWE (16.8%) whose seizure frequency had increased after the pandemic began. People with epilepsy with a seizure increase showed a significant association with living alone (p < 0.001), a higher seizure frequency (p < 0.001), negative findings on MRI (p = 0.020), history of dissociative seizure (p < 0.001), mood disorders (p < 0.001), insomnia (p < 0.001), and high psychological stress levels (p = 0.024) at baseline compared with PWE without seizure exacerbation. Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that “living alone” (odds ratio (OR) 3.69; 95%CI 1.29–10.52), “high seizure frequency at baseline” (OR 4.53; 95%CI 1.63–12.57), and “comorbidity of insomnia” (OR 9.55; 95%CI 3.71–24.55) were independently associated with seizure exacerbation. Conclusions: Even in the non-pandemic area, PWE had seizure exacerbation, suggesting that clinicians should screen patients’ mental health before the outbreak to provide care, reduce the burden, and prevent social isolation in PWE. This should be addressed particularly in patients with medically refractory seizures with insomnia who live alone. ER  - 
Self-limited epilepsy of childhood with affective seizures: A well-defined epileptic syndrome?$$$ Objective: Here we present cases of focal epilepsy with affective symptoms analyzing seizure characteristics, EEG pattern, treatment, and outcome. Methods: A multicenter, descriptive, retrospective study was conducted evaluating 18 patients with self-limited epilepsy who presented with seizures with affective symptoms seen between April 2000 and April 2018 at eight Argentinian centers. Results: Eighteen patients had focal seizures with affective symptoms; all of them had affective symptoms characterized by sudden fright or terror and screaming. Seizures started with manifestations of sudden fright or terror manifested by a facial expression of fear; consciousness was mildly impaired in 15/18 patients. Eleven of the patients also had autonomic manifestations, such as pallor, sweating, and abdominal pain. In addition, four of these 11 patients had ictus emeticus and one also presented with unilateral deviation of the eyes and head. Speech arrest, salivation, glottal noises, and chewing or swallowing movements were observed in 2/18 patients at the onset of the affective seizures. Two others also had mild asymmetric dystonic seizures involving both hands and arms. Three patients had tonic deviation of the mouth involving the lips and tongue as well pharyngeal and laryngeal muscles, resulting in anarthria and drooling. Two patients had brief hemifacial focal clonic seizures. Conclusion: Affective manifestations associated or not with motor and/or autonomic manifestations and associated with typical EEG features of the idiopathic focal epilepsies of childhood is a particular presentation of self-limited focal epilepsy in childhood. ER  - 
Effects of an exercise program on health of people with epilepsy: A randomized clinical trial$$$ To evaluate the effects of an exercise program on the health of people with epilepsy (PWE) and seizure frequency. A randomized clinical trial was carried out in Pelotas/Brazil. Recruitment was conducted through social media, in local press, and Public Health System facilities. The intervention program was performed at the gym of the Physical Education School/Federal University of Pelotas. A total of 21 people, aged 18–60 years, diagnosed with epilepsy and who were not engaged in systematic physical exercise in the last three months were divided into two groups: (1) exercise (EG) – 12 weeks of a structured physical exercise program; (2) control (CG) – no exercise and maintenance of usual activities. The allocation rate 1:1 was used. The exercise program consisted of two 60-min weekly sessions including warm-up (5-min), aerobic training (15–25 min at 14–17 on Borg scale), resistance training (2–3 sets, 10–15 repetitions), and stretching. Sociodemographic, clinical and health variables (frequency and number of seizures, quality of life, depression, anxiety, and side effects), anthropometrics (weight, height, hip and waist circumferences), cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2max), and strength (dynamometry) were measured at baseline and after the 12-week intervention. Generalized Estimating Equations (GEE) and Bonferroni posthoc tests were used for the comparison between moments and groups. Eleven participants were randomized to EG and 10 to CG. One EG participant did not complete the study. There was a reduction in frequency of epileptic seizures during the 3-month intervention period in EG (p = 0.010) with no improvement in CG. Improvement in quality of life (p = 0.004), stress levels (p = 0.017) and physical fitness (p = 0.017) were also observed in the EG compared to CG. A structured physical exercise program improved overall health of PWE and decreased seizure frequency. ER  - 
Questioning the diagnosis of bipolar disorder: a case report$$$ Temporal lobe epilepsy may lead to misdiagnosis due to affective, psychotic and/or personality abnormalities. Here, Dr Côrte-Real et al. investigate such a case of an epileptic patient, initially diagnosed with bipolar disorder whose diagnosis was later changed to focal epilepsy and major neurocognitive disorder highlighting the importance of differential diagnosis in atypical cases. ER  - 
Restless sleep disorder in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Study Objectives: Restless sleep is a very common parental complaint in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but restless sleep has been seen in association with other comorbidities such as restless legs syndrome and obstructive sleep apnea. Restless sleep disorder (RSD) needs to be identified from other disorders when evaluating children with ADHD. In this study we aim to identify the prevalence of RSD in children with ADHD referred to our sleep center. Methods: This is a retrospective study of children with ADHD who underwent polysomnography. The following diagnostic and descriptive data were obtained for each patient: Age, sex, presence/absence of RSD, other sleep disorders, psychiatric comorbidities, and medications. RSD was diagnosed per diagnostic criteria. Results: There were 66 children with ADHD. All of them underwent polysomnography, 17 were females, and 49 were males. Mean age was 11.6 years (± 3.6 standard deviation). The complaint of restless sleep was reported by the parents of 54 (81.1%) of the children; however, only 6 of them (9.1%) were diagnosed with RSD. Seventy-one percent had obstructive sleep apnea and 19.7% had restless legs syndrome. A significant number of patients had psychiatric comorbidities and were on various medications. Conclusions: Although restless sleep is a common complaint reported in 81.1% of children with ADHD, only 9.1% had RSD. Most causes of restless sleep are secondary and associated with other sleep disorders, psychiatric comorbidities, or medication use. ER  - 
Health services use by children in the welfare system who died by suicide$$$ OBJECTIVES: To examine characteristics and health service use patterns of suicide decedents with a history of child welfare system involvement to inform prevention strategies and reduce suicide in this vulnerable population. METHODS: A retrospective matched case-control design (120 suicide decedents and 1200 matched controls) was implemented. Suicide decedents included youth aged 5 to 21 who died by suicide and had an open case in Ohio's Statewide Automated Child Welfare Information System between 2010 and 2017. Controls were matched to suicide decedents on sex, race, and ethnicity. Comparisons were analyzed by using conditional logistic regressions to control for matching between the suicide and control groups. RESULTS: Youth in the child welfare system who died by suicide were significantly more likely to experience out-of-home placements and be diagnosed with mental and physical health conditions compared with controls. Suicide decedents were twice as likely to access mental health services in the 1 and 6 months before death, regardless of the health care setting. A significantly higher percentage of suicide decedents used physical health services 6 months before their death or index date. Emergency department visits for both physical and mental health conditions were significantly more likely to occur among suicide decedents. CONCLUSIONS: Suicide decedents involved in the child welfare system were more likely to use both mental and physical health care services in the months before their death or index date. Findings suggest that youth involved in the child welfare system may benefit from suicide prevention strategies in health care settings. ER  - 
Valproate use in women aged 15– 44 years: an observational study in general practice$$$ Background: Valproate is a known teratogen. In April 2018, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) restricted its use in women and banned use in pregnancy, except for epilepsy with no other effective treatment. To date, there is limited information on valproate prescribing within primary care. Aim: To characterise valproate prescribing to women of childbearing age, recorded advice or GP prescribed contraception, and recorded pregnancies. Design & setting: A cross-sectional study of patients from all 141 general practices across three clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) in East London. Method: Women aged 15–44 years prescribed valproate between 1 October 2017 and 1 January 2020 were included. Exclusion criteria were early menopause, sterilisation procedures, or hysterectomy. Pseudonymised data on valproate indication, pregnancy, pre-conception, and contraception advice were retrospectively extracted from general practice consultation data. Data were analysed by quarter using univariate statistics. Results: Of the total 1 042 463 registered patients, 344 women aged 15–44 years were prescribed valproate during the study period; 14 were excluded. There were 10 pregnancies during possible valproate exposure; one was terminated. During the study period, the number of women prescribed valproate significantly decreased (P = 0.003). The pregnancy rate decreased from 9.9/1000 on valproate before the MHRA April 2018 warning, to an average of 2.8/1000 afterwards. Recorded pre-conception and contraception advice increased by 79%, from 24% to 43%, of women prescribed valproate. Conclusion: With continued pregnancies in women aged 15–44 years prescribed valproate, patient education and foetal outcomes remain ongoing concerns. Further improvements are needed to ensure women make informed reproductive choices and safeguard future pregnancies from valproate exposure. ER  - 
Cognitive and behavioural development in children presenting with complex febrile seizures: at onset and school age$$$ Objective. Our goal was to assess development, cognition and behaviour following an initial complex febrile seizure (FS), at onset and school age, in the context of known risk factors for cognitive development. Methods. Two cohorts were recruited. Thirty-five infants with an initial complex FS were assessed within the first year post-seizure and compared to 30 controls (simple FS) based on measures of cognitive, motor and language development, behaviour and emotions. Additionally, 19 school-age children with previous complex FS (11 multiple, eight prolonged) were assessed and compared to 19 controls (simple FS) based on measures of intelligence, learning/memory, executive functioning, behaviour and emotions. Results. Within the first year post-onset, infants with complex FS did not significantly differ from controls based on developmental measures. Seizure duration and age at seizure onset did not impact developmental outcome. School-age children with complex FS showed unaltered global intelligence, but lower executive functioning, compared to controls. Children with prolonged FS also showed evidence of a lower level of learning and memory abilities. Neuropsychological scores correlated with seizure duration. Children with complex FS showed more attentional problems and anxious/depressed symptomatology at onset and school age, and more hyperactivity at school age. Significance. Infants with complex FS seemed to show normal development within the first year post-seizure onset. However, challenges in executive functioning, learning and memory at school age were found in children with a history of FS. Hence, at school age, cognitive challenges cannot be excluded based on undifferentiated early cognitive development, and may occur even in the absence of the most severe form of FS (i.e., FSE). Beyond the limits of this study (i.e., small sample size, use of parental questionnaires for emotional/behavioural outcome, absence of focal cases in the school-age cohort), our results suggest that a follow-up is necessary beyond the early preschool years in order to understand the long-term outcome. ER  - 
Epilepsy during the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown: a US population survey$$$ Objective. This study sought to understand issues facing people with epilepsy (PWE) during the lockdown period of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. Methods. We conducted a cross-sectional study using a 20-question survey that used SeziureTracker.com, sent to eligible PWE and their caregivers on May 6th, 2020. Questions about demographics and medical history were used to calculate COVID mortality risk odds ratios (OR) compared to a low baseline risk group. Results. In total, 505 responses were collected. Of these, 71% reported no change in seizure rates and 25% reported an increase in seizures, which they attributed primarily to disrupted sleep (63%) and decreased exercise (42%). Mortality risks from COVID-19 had median OR of 1.67, ranging 1.00-906.98. Fear about hospitalization (53%) and concern for loved ones (52%) were prominent concerns. Of the respondents, 5% reported stopping or reducing anti-seizure medications due to problems communicating with doctors, access or cost. Lower-risk COVID patients reported more fear of hospitalization (55% versus 38%, p<0.001) and anxiety about medication access (43% versus 28%, p=0.03) compared with higher-risk COVID patients. Increased anxiety was reported in 47%, and increased depression in 28%. Ten percent without generalized convulsions and 8% with did not know anything about epilepsy devices (VNS, RNS, DBS). Significance. The COVID-19 pandemic presents unique challenges to PWE, including increased seizure rates, problems with access and cost of life-saving medications. Those with lower COVID-19 risk may have been marginalized more than those with higher risk. Efforts to protect PWE during major public health emergencies should take these findings into account. ER  - 
Refined opium extract (Shireh) poisoning: A 10-year retrospective study in a referral poison control centre in Iran$$$ Background: There is limited data on refined opium extract (Shireh) abuse, especially the magnitude of its complications and its mortality rates. To bridge such a gap, in this study, we aimed to investigate the frequency of pure refined opium extract poisoning and its consequences in a sample of our patients. Methods: This retrospective study was conducted on all the patients presented to our center with pure refined opium extract poisoning. Patients’ demographics, clinical and laboratory data, and outcome were collected during a ten-year period between 2006 and 2016. The included patients were divided into two groups: those who remained conscious and those who developed loss of consciousness. However, they were compared subsequently. Results: A total of 227 patients were evaluated. Most (75.8 %) of them were male. Mean age was 38.26±25.91 years. We found a significant correlation between educational (.038), marital (<.001), and occupational status (<.001) and age-gender groups of the patients. The mean amount of refined opium extract consumed was 4400 mg which had significant correlation with hospitalization period (<.001) and on-arrival rhabdomyolysis (<.001). We also found a correlation in vomiting (<.001), dizziness (.015), respiratory distress (.001), and apnea (<.001) between the two groups. The mean hospitalization period was 2.3 days and the mortality rate was 1.76%. Conclusion: Naloxone therapy use effective in most cases of pure poisoning with refined opium extract. There were four deaths incidences three of which happened due to cardiopulmonary arrest following body packing. Further studies in this type of poisoning are recommended. ER  - 
Musicogenic epilepsy in adults: Epileptogenesis and management update$$$ Musicogenic epilepsy (ME) is a rare form of reflex epilepsy in which seizures are triggered by exposure to musical stimuli, in particular, those with high emotional content. Despite rare and still very unknown, this disease can be very limiting and easily underdiagnosed. It is therefore important to increase clinicians’ knowledge about ME, enabling better management of these patients. The objective of this critical narrative review of the literature is to systematize what is known about musicogenic epilepsy in adults, highlighting the epileptogenic mechanisms and the updates in clinical management. The included articles were selected through the PubMed database with the query “(“Musicogenic”) AND “Epilepsy”[Mesh])”. The estimated prevalence of ME is 1:1 000 000, with a slight female predominance. The mean age of onset is 28 years old (range: 2–67 years). The role and characteris-tics of auditory stimuli as triggers for seizures are variable and highly individualized, ranging from simple tones to complex music, and from loud, non-musical sounds to stimuli that are low in volume. The reported cases vary widely regarding the degree of musical training of the patients, occurring in professional musicians as well as in patients with no musical background at all. Seizures’ onset zone is mostly located in the temporal lobe, with right-sided predominance. However, some concomitant emotional processing areas are also involved in ME, such as limbic structures, the nucleus accumbens, and the orbitofrontal and prefrontal cortex. The pathophysiology of ME has similarities with comorbid affective disorders, such as depression and anxiety dis-orders, supporting the involvement of affective networks in the development of ME. Recently there are reports of musicogenic reflex seizures in patients with antiGAD en-cephalitis. Therefore, all patients with ME should be screened for this pathology, since an earlier diagnosis will result in more effective treatment and a better prognosis. The treatment of musicogenic epilepsy includes some non-pharmacological approaches, and antiepileptic drugs in most cases, rarely culminating in surgery. Despite being a rare disease, ME should be easily diagnosed and treated to re-duce the repercussions in patients’ life. ER  - 
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors do not reduce psychological distress but slightly increase adverse events among adults with asthma: A systematic meta-analysis$$$ Introduction/Aim: Psychological distress, including symptoms of anxiety or depression, is prevalent in people with asthma and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. The effectiveness of pharmacological interventions for psychological distress in people with asthma is currently unknown. This review evaluated the effectiveness and safety of pharmacological interventions for the treatment of psychological distress in people with asthma of all ages. Methods: A systematic search was conducted in seven key databases from inception until April 2019 combined with a grey literature search. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating pharmacotherapy for the treatment of depression among adults diagnosed with asthma were included. Records were screened and data extracted by two independent authors into standardized pilot tested extraction templates. Data was analyzed according to standard Cochrane methodology and entered into Review Manager Software version 5.3. Results: From 5,689 records, six RCTs (n=215 participants) were included reporting data on psychological distress. A series of meta-analyses found that pharmacotherapy was no more effective in reducing psychological distress than control conditions for selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (citalopram or escitalopram) (n=158 participants). Similarly, one study of antiepileptic medication (levetiracetam) reported no difference when compared to placebo in the management of depressive symptoms. Adverse events were poorly reported across all studies but were slightly increased in intervention participants compared to control participants. There were no significant differences between groups for asthma control (n=4 studies), corticosteroid use (n=4 studies) or quality of life (n=2 studies). Conclusion: There was great heterogeneity between studies and overall poor methodological quality, providing insufficient evidence to make recommendations for or against the use of pharmacotherapy in asthma patients with psychological distress. Further confirmatory trials are warranted to make recommendations for clinical practice, policy and the public. ER  - 
Differences in cognitive side-effects and seizure parameters between thiopental and propofol narcosis in ECT$$$ Introduction: The standard anaesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in our hospital methohexital was no longer available from the beginning of 2019. A change to alternatives became necessary. We initially decided on thiopental and than switched to propofol after the suspicion of increased occurrence of cognitive deficits due to thiopental narcosis was expressed by clinicians. Objectives: This retrospective study provides a comparison of the two narcotics in terms of side-effects and seizure parameters. Methods: We performed a retrospective data collection from our clinical database and identified a total of 64 patients (w=60.9 %, m=39.1 %) got either thiopental (n=35) or propofol (n=29) for ECT narcosis. Results: The mean age at the beginning of the ECT series was 56.0 years (20-82, SD 17.8, median 57.5). The groups did not differ in terms of age distribution. On average the depressive episode lastet for 9.0 months (SD 11.5, median 6.0) with no difference between the two groups. The mean EEG seizure time was significantly shorter in the propofol group (28.1 sec; 95%-CI: 23.8-32.4) than in the thiopental group (38.3 sec.; 95%-CI: 34.3-38.3). The mean EMG seizure activity was also shortler in the propofol group (12.0 sec.; 95%-CI: 8.0-15.0) compared with the thiopental group (21.5 sec.; 95%-CI: 18.3-24.8). The ECT series was interrupted due to cognitive side-effects in 20 cases. The majority of these cases (n=17) concerned the thiopental group, compared to 3 cases in the propofol group. Conclusions: Propofol narcosis in ECT was assiosiated with worse seizure parameters, whereas thiopental narcosis was associated with increased risk of cognitive side-effects. ER  - 
Conversion disorder in children and adolescents : Clinical features of pseudoneurological symptoms$$$ Introduction: Pseudoneurological symptoms are frequent among children consulting in neuropediatrics. Psychogenic origin is often unrecognized, which may cause a major disruption and an increase of medical care expenses. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to identify clinical features of pseudoneurological symptoms through patients admitted in neuropediatrics. Methods: A descriptive retrospective study of a population of 19 children and adolescents hospitalized in the neuropediatrics department at the National Institute of Neurology in Tunis, between January 2015 and April 2019, having recieved the diagnosis of psychogenic symptoms. Results: Twelve girls and seven boys were included in this study. The averge age were 11.5 years. All patients had normal cogntive and motor development. In most cases (84%), patients had a history of somatic illness. Only three patients had a history of psychiatric disorders. Family history of somatic disorders was found in 42 % of the sample and psychiatric disorders in three patients. Negative pseudoneurological symptoms such as loss of function, were detected in 60 % of patients, paraparesis and paraplegia were the most recurrent. Only one patient had pseudo-epileptic symptoms. Further investigations were performed in all patients, averaging 4 tests per patient. The average term between the beginning of the symptoms and the established diagnosis of psychogenic symptoms was 72 days with an average stay at hospital of 4 to 7 days. All patients had conversion disorder according to DSM V. Conclusions: It is recognized that somatization could be a warning sign of psychological distress mainly among children. Conversion disorder, rarely seen in children, presents frequently as pseudo neurological symptoms. ER  - 
Depression and anxiety in hospitalized children with epilepsy during COVID-19 pandemic: Preliminary findings of a cross-sectional study$$$ Introduction: Anxious-depressive disorders are common among children with epilepsy. A recent Systematic Review and MetaAnalysis (Scott et al., 2020) reported that the overall pooled prevalence of anxiety disorders is 18.9% while of depressive disorders is 13.5%. COVID-19 pandemic has centralized the attention of governors and careers on the health emergency. As a result, the trajectory of the psychological care needs of this at risk population may have been neglected. Objectives: The aim of the study was to assess the prevalence rate of depressive and anxiety symptoms among children with epilepsy during COVID-19 pandemic. Children were hospitalized in- and out-patients under a neurological and psychological follow up program in an Italian Children Hospital. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study among 38 hospitalized children and adolescents with epilepsy (21F; 17M, mean age: 14,5; range: 11-18) during COVID-19 pandemic. We performed face-to face interviews and assessed depressive and anxiety symptoms with the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) and the Generalized Anxiety Disorders (GAD-7) questionnaire during scheduled follow up checks. Results: Preliminary results showed a rate of mild-to-severe anxious depressive symptoms by 49.9% and 60.5% respectively. In detail: 21.1% mild, 15.7% moderate and 13.1% of severe anxiety, meanwhile 23.7% mild, 26.3% moderate and 10.5% of severe depression. The prevalence of comorbid depressive and anxiety symptoms was 39.5% among the entire sample. Conclusions: Depressive and anxiety rates among hospitalized children with epilepsy during COVID-19 outbreak are very high. Pediatric services should deserve special attention to those patients' mental health. Regular screening protocols and empowerment interventions in Hospital should be promoted. ER  - 
Functional neurological disorders in childhood and adolescence: Epidemiology and phenomenology of an emerging diagnostic and clinical challenge$$$ Introduction: Literature on childhood Functional Neurological Disorders (FNDs) is spare. Clinical presentations are vaguely characterized and often misdiagnosed in younger ages. Their main neurological features enrol: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), Functional movement disorders (FMDs), sensory alterations, cephalgia and feeding problems. Objectives: The study was aimed to better characterize the childhood population of FND, because of they represent an emerging challenge for clinicians, giving its higher presentation in the younger age and the difficulties of an early and differential diagnosis as well as an effective management. Methods: Our study retrospectively examined the characteristics of 82 FNDs children and adolescents (8 to 16 y.o.; 13 males; 29 females) referred as neurological inpatients of an urban academic neuropsychiatric department, from 2014 to 2019. Three main clinical aspects were analysed: type and pattern of symptoms manifestations (DSM-5 criteria); Life Events; family functioning. Results: FND accounted for 2% of 5-years consultations of neurological inpatients (M: F=1:2). The clinical presentation was characterized in 70% by pattern of co-expressed neurological symptoms: FMDs (9.5%); PNES (12%); dizziness/lipothymia (12%); paraesthesia/ anaesthesia (16%). Generalized pain was associated in 38% of the reported patterns while cephalgia in 44%. Sleep disorders were reported in 40%. Previous psychiatric diagnoses were uncommon (2 out 82).Antecedent stressors were identified in 97%of patients for personal illness history and in the 93% for chronic illness in the family anamnesis. Family problems were in 25% of cases. Conclusions: Our data contributes to better characterize the childhood population of FND, describing clinical patterns of presentation, highlighting putative antecedent stressors and risk factors. ER  - 
Multidisciplinary approach in children with autism spectrum disorder$$$ Introduction: Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is characterized by persistent deficits in social communication and social interaction across multiple contexts and it is marked by repetitive sensory- motor behaviours and restricted interests or activities. Now recognized to occur in up to 1% of the population, the prevalence of ASD has registered a steady increase in the past two decades. Heterogeneity of presentation is a hallmark with comorbid psychiatric and medical morbidities frequently reported. Comorbidities mask and delay the diagnosis and are the cause of inadequate therapies. Objectives: In the present paper, we studied a cohort of patients with ASD, investigating the rates and types of psychiatric and medical comorbidities. Methods: A retrospective study of psychiatric and medical comorbidities was carried out on a sample of 120 participants that met ASD criteria according to DSM-V. The patients were examined with a detailed medical history, physical examination, as well as some additional functional, imaging, laboratory and genetic investigations. The associated conditions consideredwere: attention deficit/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), epilepsy, intellectual disability, gastrointestinal symptoms, ophtalmologic manifestations, infections. Results: Of the 120 ASD subjects referred, 25 (20.8%) received the diagnosis of epilepsy. ADHD was established in 24 cases (20%). IQ score was obtained in half of the patients, 43.3% of them presenting a severe intellectual disability (IQ<35). Respiratory disorders occured in 25% of the cases. Ophtalmological findings were observed in 9.1% of the cases. Other frequent comorbidities included motor disturbances and feeding problems. Conclusions: A better understanding of comorbidities in ASD patients improves interdisciplinary collaboration, thus facilitating effective treatment programs. ER  - 
Pharmacological approaches of ADHD$$$ Adults with ADHD describe self-medicating with cannabis. A small number of psychiatrists in the US prescribe cannabis medication for ADHD, despite there being no evidence from trials. The EMA-C trial (Experimental Medicine in ADHDCannabinoids) was a pilot randomised placebo-controlled experimental study of a cannabinoid medication, Sativex Oromucosal Spray, in 30 adults withADHD. The primary outcome was cognitive performance and activity level using the QbTest. Secondary outcomes included ADHD and emotional lability (EL) symptoms. From 17.07.14-18.06.15, 30 participants were randomly assigned to the active (n=15) or placebo (n=15) group. For the primary outcome, no significant difference was found in the intent-to-treat analysis although the overall pattern of scores was such that the active group usually had scores that were better than the placebo group (Est=-0.17,95%CI-0.40-0.07, p=0.16, n=15/11 active/placebo). For secondary outcomes Sativex was associated with a nominally significant improvement in hyperactivity/impulsivity (p=0.03) and a cognitive measure of inhibition (p=0.05), and a trend towards improvement for inattention (p=0.10) and EL (p=0.11). Per-protocol effects were higher. Results did not meet significance following adjustment for multiple testing. One serious (muscular seizures/spasms) and three mild adverse events occurred in the active group and one serious (cardiovascular problems) adverse event in the placebo group. Adults with ADHD may represent a subgroup of individuals who experience a reduction of symptoms and no cognitive impairments following cannabinoid use. While not definitive, this study provides preliminary evidence supporting the self-medication theory of cannabis use in ADHD and the need for further studies of the endocannabinoid system in ADHD. ER  - 
Measuring anxiety and depression in parents of hospitalized children during the COVID-19 pandemic in a pediatric Italian hospital$$$ Introduction: Parents of hospitalized children with chronic illness (HCCI) during the COVID-19 epidemic may face huge pressure and worry, leading to mental health issues. Parent's depression and anxiety disorders increase the risk of mental health problems in the child and affect his/her recovery. Objectives: The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence rate of depressive and anxiety symptoms among a pilot sample of parents of HCCI (in-and out-patients) with diagnosis of epilepsy (9), cystic fibrosis (8) and congenital heart anomalies (6) during COVID-19 pandemic. Pediatric patients were under a regular Children Hospital medical and psychological follow-up program. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study among 23 Italian parents (15 F; 8 M) of HCCI during the COVID-19 epidemic period. We performed face-to face interviews and assessed depressive and anxiety symptoms with the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) and the Generalized Anxiety Disorders (GAD-7) questionnaire during scheduled follow up visits. Results: The anxiety score of parents of HCCI was 4.43 ± 3.17, of which 39.1% of parents were anxious (≥5 points), while the depression score was 4.04 ± 2.67, of which 30.4% of parents show depressive symptoms (≥5 points). The prevalence of comorbid depressive and anxiety symptoms was 26.1% among the entire sample. Conclusions: Preliminary data of our pilot study showed a high prevalence of anxious depressive symptoms and comorbidity among parents of HCCI. Timely provision of psychologic interventions are needed during and after COVID-19 pandemic in order to empower parenting and promote children recovery and quality of life. ER  - 
Socioeconomic status and vitamin D deficiency among women of childbearing age: A population-based, case-control study in rural northern China$$$ Objective To explore the association between socioeconomic status (SES) and vitamin D deficiency/insufficiency of women of childbearing age in rural northern China. Design A population-based, case-control study was conducted. Setting Four counties of Henan Province, China from 2009 to 2010. Participants 1151 non-pregnant healthy women between 18 and 40 years old. Primary and secondary outcome measures Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Vitamin D insufficiency was defined as serum 25(OH)D ≥20 ng/mL and <30 ng/mL, deficiency as ≥10 ng/mL and <20 ng/mL, and severe deficiency as <10 ng/mL. SES was measured separately by women's and their husbands' education level and occupation, household income and expenditure, as well as aggregately by SES index constructed with principal component analysis. Results The median serum 25(OH)D level was 20.90 (13.60-34.60) ng/mL, and the prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency, deficiency and severe deficiency was 20.16%, 31.80% and 15.99%, respectively. After adjustment, household annual income <¥10 000 was associated with increased risk of vitamin D insufficiency (adjusted OR (aOR): 2.10, 95% CI 1.41 to 3.14), deficiency (aOR: 1.58, 95% CI 1.09 to 2.29) and severe deficiency (aOR: 2.79, 95% CI 1.78 to 4.38); inadequate household income for expenditure was associated with elevated risk of vitamin D insufficiency (aOR: 1.66, 95% CI 1.08 to 2.54) and deficiency (aOR: 1.81, 95% CI 1.26 to 2.62); low SES index was associated with elevated risk of vitamin D insufficiency (aOR: 2.40, 95% CI 1.52 to 3.80) and deficiency (aOR: 1.64, 95% CI 1.08 to 2.50); and both middle and low SES index were associated with increased risk of vitamin D severe deficiency (aOR: 1.70, 95% CI 1.02 to 2.84; aOR: 2.45, 95% CI 1.45 to 4.14). Conclusions Lower SES was associated with higher risk of vitamin D deficiency/insufficiency in women of childbearing age in rural northern China. More should be done to explore potential mechanisms and to narrow down SES inequalities in vitamin D status. ER  - 
Multiple informant average integration of ADHD symptom ratings predictive of concurrent and longitudinal impairment.$$$ To date, there remains no consensus about the best evidence-based method for integrating multiple informant data in the diagnosis of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Several approaches exist, including the psychometrically sound approach of averaging scores, as well as the use of “OR” and “AND” algorithms, which are still commonly used in research. The current study tested these major integration methods in their concurrent and longitudinal prediction of clinician-rated impairment, teacher-rated academic, and parent- and self-rated social skill ratings in children overrecruited for ADHD across a 6-year span from childhood to adolescence. The sample included a total of 800 children, 480 with ADHD, ages 6 to 13, who completed a “gold standard” assessment of ADHD and associated impairment. Overall, the “OR,” “AND,” and average integration approaches showed significantly high interrelations with one another (r range from .78 to .96) and were all significantly and strongly related to impairment measures concurrently and longitudinally. Multivariate regressions demonstrated that the average integration approach concurrently and longitudinally out predicted the other two approaches. Results demonstrated that the average approach slightly outperformed the other two in its prediction of concurrent and longitudinal clinician-rated impairment, teacher-rated academic skills, and parent- and self-rated child social skills across childhood and adolescence. Evidence-based assessment integration of parent and teacher ratings of ADHD in childhood might best utilize an averaging approach, as it is most related to later impairment ratings, particularly if such findings are replicated by other groups. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved) Public Significance Statement: An average approach to integrating parent and teacher ratings of ADHD slightly outperforms other, more complicated integration approaches in prediction of later clinician-rated impairment, teacher-rated academic skills, and parent- and self-rated social skills. Therefore, average integration of ADHD symptom ratings may be the best and easiest integration approach for use in clinical practice. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved) ER  - 
Changing patterns of emergency paediatric presentations during the first wave of COVID-19: Learning for the second wave from a UK tertiary emergency department$$$ Background The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and initial public health response led to significant changes in health service delivery, access and utilisation. However, SARS-CoV-2 illness burden in children and young people (CYP) is low. To inform effective child public health interventions, we aimed to compare patterns of paediatric emergency department presentation during the initial pandemic response with a previous non-pandemic period. Methods Retrospective review of attendances (0-18 years) over the initial pandemic (2 March 2020-3 May 2020) compared with 2019. Outcome measures included number of attendances, referral source, presenting complaint, discharge diagnosis and disposal. Descriptive statistics with subgroup analysis by age/sex/ethnicity and pandemic time periods (pre-lockdown, lockdown weeks 1-3 and lockdown weeks 4-6) was performed. Results 4417 attendances (57% illness and 43% injuries) occurred, compared with 8813 (57% illness and 43% injuries), a reduction of 50%, maximal in lockdown week 2 (-73%). Ranking of top three illness presentations changed across the pandemic weeks. Breathing difficulty dropped from first (300, 25%) to second (117, 21%) to third (59, 11%) (p<0.001). Abdominal pain rose from the third pre-lockdown (87, 7%) and lockdown weeks 1-3 (37, 7%) to second in weeks 4-6 (62, 12%; p=0.004). Fever ranked second (235, 19%) in pre-lockdown and first in weeks 1-3 (134, 24%) and weeks 4-6 (94, 18%; p=0.035). Conclusions Despite a 50% reduction, there was no significant change in acuity of illness. Rank of illness presentations changed, with abdominal pain ranking second and fever first, an important change from previous, which should prompt further research into causes. CYP-specific public health messaging and guidance for primary care are required in this second wave to ensure access to appropriate emergency services. ER  - 
Prevalence and influencing factors of depression of caregivers in children with epilepsy in southwestern China: A cross-sectional study$$$ AbstractThis study investigated the epidemiological status of depression and its influencing factors among caregivers of children with epilepsy in southwestern China.This was a cross-sectional study. Caregivers of children with epilepsy were recruited from February to June 2018 at the Pediatric Neurology Department of the West China Second Hospital. Depression status was assessed using the Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale. Multiple linear regression analysis was used to assess correlations between depression status and its influencing factors.A total of 319 participants were included. The mean Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale score was 36.37 ± 10.178 and 5.3% (17/319) of participants were classified as depressed. Regression analysis showed that place of residence (B = 0.114; standard error = 0.643; P = .039), attitude towards seizures (B = -0.121; standard error = 1.215; P = .029), medical expenses payment (B = -0.111; standard error = 2.002; P = .044), and children's medication adherence (B = -0.124; standard error = 0.393; P = .025) were related to depression.Some caregivers of children with epilepsy in southwestern China experience depression. Health care providers should pay particular attention to caregivers who live in rural areas, who fear seizures, who experience difficulty paying medical expenses, and whose children show low medication adherence. ER  - 
Sex Proportionality in Pre-clinical and Clinical Trials: An Evaluation of 22 Marketing Authorization Application Dossiers Submitted to the European Medicines Agency$$$ This study assessed to what extent women were included in all phases of drug development; whether the clinical studies in the marketing authorization application dossiers include information per sex; and explored whether there are differences between women and men in the drugs' efficacy and safety. Data were extracted from dossiers submitted to the European Medicines Agency. Twenty-two dossiers of drugs approved between 2011 and 2015 for the treatment of various diseases were included. Female animals were included in only 9% of the pharmacodynamics studies, but female and male animals were included in all toxicology studies. Although fewer women than men were included in the clinical studies used to evaluate pharmacokinetics (PK) (29 to 40% women), all dossiers contained sex-specific PK parameter estimations. In the phase III trials, inclusion of women was proportional to disease prevalence for depression, epilepsy, thrombosis, and diabetes [participation to prevalence ratio (PPR) range: 0.91–1.04], but women were considered underrepresented for schizophrenia, hepatitis C, hypercholesterolemia, HIV, and heart failure (PPR range: 0.49-0.74). All dossiers contained sex-specific subgroup analyses of efficacy and safety. There seemed to be higher efficacy for women in one dossier and a trend toward lower efficacy in another dossier. More women had adverse events in both treatment (73.0 vs. 70.6%, p < 0.001) and placebo groups (69.5 vs. 65.5%, p < 0.001). In conclusion, women were included throughout all phases of clinical drug research, and sex-specific information was available in the evaluated dossiers. The included number of women was, however, not always proportional to disease prevalence rates. ER  - 
Clinical Characteristics and Outcome of Neuronal Surface Antibody-Mediated Autoimmune Encephalitis Patients in a National Cohort$$$ Background: In our previous single-center study of autoimmune encephalitis (AE) related autoantibody test results we found positivity in 60 patients out of 1,034 with suspected AE from 2012 through 2018 as part of a Hungarian nationwide program. In our current multicenter retrospective study, we analyzed the clinical characteristics and outcome of AE patients with positive neuronal cell surface autoantibody test results. Methods: A standard online questionnaire was used to collect demographic and clinical characteristics, laboratory and imaging data, therapy and prognosis of 30 definitive AE patients in four major clinical centers of the region. Results: In our study, 19 patients were positive for anti-NMDAR (63%), 6 patients (20%) for anti-LGI1, 3 patients for anti-GABABR (10%) and 3 patients for anti-Caspr2 (10%) autoantibodies. Most common prodromal symptoms were fever or flu-like symptoms (10/30, 33%). Main clinical features included psychiatric symptoms (83%), epileptic seizures (73%) and memory loss (50%). 19 patients (63%) presented with signs of central nervous system (CNS) inflammation, which occurred more frequently in elder individuals (p = 0.024), although no significant differences were observed in sex, tumor association, time to diagnosis, prognosis and immunotherapy compared to AE patients without CNS inflammatory markers. Anti-NMDAR encephalitis patients were in more severe condition at the disease onset (p = 0.028), although no significant correlation between mRS score, age, sex and immunotherapy was found. 27% of patients (n = 8) with associated tumors had worse outcome (p = 0.045) than patients without tumor. In most cases, immunotherapy led to clinical improvement of AE patients (80%) who achieved a good outcome (mRS ≤ 2; median follow-up 33 months). Conclusion: Our study confirms previous publications describing characteristics of AE patients, however, differences were observed in anti-NMDAR encephalitis that showed no association with ovarian teratoma and occurred more frequently among young males. One-third of AE patients lacked signs of inflammation in both CSF and brain MRI, which emphasizes the importance of clinical symptoms and autoantibody testing in diagnostic workflow for early introduction of immunotherapy, which can lead to favorable outcome in AE patients. ER  - 
Neuronal intranuclear inclusion disease: the clinical features and pathological findings of peripheral tissue biopsy in nine cases with genetic diagnosis$$$ Objective: To summarize the clinical features and pathological changes of peripheral tissues from patients with neuronal intranuclear inclusion disease (NIID) diagnosed by genetic tests. Methods: Repeat-primed polymerase chain reaction was used to confirm the GGC repeated expansion in the 5' untranslated region of the NOTCH2NLC gene in patients with suspected NIID who had visited the Department of Neurology of Peking University First Hospital from January 2018 to February 2020. The clinical data and pathological changes of peripheral tissues from patients with genetically diagnosed NIID were collected retrospectively and analysed. Immunostaining with anti-p62 and anti-ubiquitin antibody was performed on peripheral biopsy specimens. Results: Totally nine patients with NIID who had GGC repeated expansion in the NOTCH2NLC gene were found. Five patients were familial (from three faimilies), and four patients were sporadic. The age of onset was 36-61(51.33±7.12) years. The most common symptoms in this NIID group were episodic emotion and personality change (8/9), paroxysmal disturbance of consciousness (6/9) and intermitant head discomfort (6/9). Other symptoms included cognitive dysfunction, limb weakness, limb sensory disturbance, bladder dysfunction, ataxia, seizures and psychiatric symptoms. Brain magnetic resonance imaging showed high signals along the corticomedullary junction on diffusion-weighted image in eight out of nine patients. Skin biopsied samples from nine patients demonstrated the presence of eosinophilic intranuclear inclusions (IIs), appearing in the nucleus of fibroblasts, fat cells and ductal epithelial cells of sweat glands on hematoxylin-eosin staining. IIs were positive on anti-p62 and anti-ubiquitin immunostaining. Electron microscopy indicated the IIs were composed of a pile of filament materials without membrane. Muscle biopsies from two patients showed no obvious neurogenic or myogenic pathologic changes, except in one patient several rimmed vacuoles fibers were found. In one patient sural nerve biopsy showed severe demyelinating pathological changes. No IIs were found in the muscles and peripheral nerve tissue either by histological examination or by immunohistochemical staining with anti-p62 or anti-ubiquitin, while IIs were found by immunofluorescence staining with both anti-p62 and anti-ubiquitin in three patient's tissue. Conclusions: The phenotype of this NIID patient group is adult-onset NIID, with episodic encephalopathy as the main clinical manifestation. Skin biopsy has high pathological diagnostic value for NIID. The immunofluorescence staining with anti-p62 and anti-ubiquitin is easier to detect the presence of IIs than histological staining and immumohistochemical staining. ER  - 
Valproic acid-induced liver injury: A case-control study from a prospective pharmacovigilance program in a tertiary hospital$$$ Introduction: Valproic acid (VPA) is an antiepileptic drug extensively used for treating partial and generalised seizures, acute mania and as prophylaxis for bipolar disorder. Drug-induced liver injury (DILI) persists as a significant issue related to fatal outcomes by VPA. The aim of this study was to increase our knowledge about this condition and to better identify patients affected. Methods: We conducted an observational retrospective case-control study that identified cases of DILI by VPA from the Pharmacovigilance Programme from our Laboratory Signals at La Paz University Hospital from January 2007 to December 2019. From the Therapeutic VPA Monitoring pro-gram, two control groups were assigned, VPA-tolerant patients and the other with patients who developed mild VPA-related liver injury but who did not meet the DILI criteria, matched for date, age and sex. Results: A total of 60 patients were included in the study: 15 cases of DILI, 30 VPA-tolerant controls and 15 controls with mild liver injury. Mean age for the cases was 45.7 years, 4 (26.7%) were women and 5 (33.34%) were children under 18 years, of them 3 (20%) were fatal. Pol-ytherapy with other antiepileptic drugs (p = 0.047) and alcohol consumption (p < 0.001) were associated with a greater risk of developing DILI by VPA. A diagnosis of epileptic seizure was more frequently related to DILI when compared with the VPA-tolerant controls (p < 0.001). The cases developed hepatocellular liver injury (p < 0.001), while the mild hepatic damage controls had a higher rate of cholestatic liver injury (p < 0.001). The laboratory lactate dehydrogenase values were statistically higher (even at baseline) in patients with DILI than in both control groups (p = 0.033 and p = 0.039). Conclusions: VPA hepatotoxicity remains a considerable problem. This study offers in-teresting findings for characterising VPA-induced liver injury and at-risk patients. ER  - 
Morphological description of frontal EEG interictal and ictal discharges in an adult cohort of 175 patients$$$ Clinical and electroencephalogram (EEG) features in frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE) vary considerably among patients, making the diagnosis a challenge. The objective of this study was to describe interictal and ictal EEG activity, identifying variables that could help to differentiate and diagnose frontal lobe epilepsy cases. A prospective cross-sectional study from patients with frontal interictal epileptiform discharges (IED) referred to the Vall d’Hebron University Hospital (Barcelona, Spain) after a clinical event compatible with epileptic seizures was designed. The interictal and ictal activity were analyzed to provide a detailed EEG description of the cases, using different statistical analyses. The morphological seizure pattern at the ictal onset remained globally unchanged over time in seizures arising from the frontal lobe for each patient. Isolated sharp waves were the most frequent waveforms in the expression of IED. Frontal lobe seizures are frequently short and sometimes appear grouped in clusters within the same recording. Often the ictal expression of the electrical activity in frontal lobe seizure is subtle and challenging to interpret. A description of the main findings is summarized to identify seizures arising from the frontal lobe and avoid false negatives findings in EEG interpretations. ER  - 
Behaviors Interfering with Audiometry Associated with Eventual Diagnosis of Autism$$$ Children referred for audiology evaluation due to speech and language delays represent a neurodevelopmentally high-risk group. The audiology evaluation is a behaviorally-challenging encounter early in the diagnostic process. We assessed interfering behaviors (IB) that complicated completion of audiometry as predictors of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) diagnosis. This retrospective cohort study using the Military Health System electronic medical record included 296 children aged 18 to 71 months. Children who displayed IB had increased odds of receiving an ASD diagnosis compared to those who did not (OR = 5.6, 95% CI 2.6–12.1). Interfering behaviors had a high specificity (81%) and negative predictive value (94%) for ASD. The audiology evaluation may represent an opportunity early in the diagnostic process to stratify risk for ASD. ER  - 
Risk of seizures associated with antipsychotic treatment in pediatrics with psychiatric disorders: a nested case–control study in Korea$$$ Antipsychotic drugs raise seizure risk in adults, and antipsychotic drug use is increasing among pediatric psychiatric disorder patients. However, few studies have examined seizure risk in this younger patient population. To evaluate seizure risk in pediatric patients on antipsychotics, we conducted a nested case–control study using a nationwide database. Patient information was retrieved from the Korean Health Insurance Review and Assessment (HIRA) database from 2008–2018. Antipsychotic use among newly diagnosed psychiatric patients was gathered starting 1 year before the index date and categorized as recent, past, consistent, or none. Seizure cases among these patients were defined based on (1) prescription of antiepileptic drugs or (2) an electroencephalography (EEG) examination among patients with seizure diagnostic code. A conditional logistic regression model was constructed to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for seizure risk due to antipsychotic use. In total, 1523 seizure cases and 6092 seizure-free controls aged 8–19 years with newly diagnosed psychiatric disorders were included for analysis. Logistic regression revealed a significant association between antipsychotic use and seizure development (recent users OR = 4.03, 95% CI 3.4–4.79; consistent users: OR = 2.84, 95% CI 2.44–3.3). Seizure risk enhanced further with an increase in the number of antipsychotic drugs used. Risperidone, aripiprazole, quetiapine, olanzapine, paliperidone, and blonanserin were independently associated with greater seizure risk. Pediatric patients receiving antipsychotics, especially new or multiple antipsychotic users, should be carefully monitored for seizure development. ER  - 
Assessing the Impact of Neurogenic Claudication on Outcomes Following Decompression With Lumbar Interbody Fusions in Patients With Lumbar Spinal Stenosis$$$ Study Design: Retrospective cohort study. Objectives: To conduct the first comprehensive national-level study examining specific risks, outcomes, and costs surrounding surgical treatment of lumar spinal stenosis (LSS) in patients with and without neurogenic claudication (NC). Methods: Data for patients with or without NC who underwent decompression with a lumbar interbody fusion approached anteriorly (ALIF), posteriorly (PLIF), or laterally (LLIF) for LSS was collected from the 2013-2014 National Inpatient Sample using International Classification of Disease codes. Results: A total of 121 025 LSS cases without NC and 20 095 cases with NC were included in this study. The most significant complications associated with NC status by organ system included renal (P =.0030) and hematological complications (P =.0003). Multivariate regression controlling for key demographic and comorbidity variables showed that patients with NC did not have significantly higher odds of complication, non-home discharge, or extended hospitalization compared to patients without NC regardless of fusion type. Interestingly, NC patients had comparatively lower total charges for their hospitalization following PLIFs (P =.0001) and LLIFs (P <.0001), but not ALIFs (P =.6121). Conclusion: NC does not appear to significantly increase odds of adverse outcomes following fusion in LSS. Given the large prevalence of LSS and coincidental NC, these findings may carry important implications in managing this challenging patient population and justifies future prospective investigation of this topic. ER  - 
Opportunities for enhancing pregnancy planning and preconception health behaviours of Australian women$$$ Problem and background: The preconception period provides a significant opportunity to engage women in healthy behaviour change for improved maternal and child health outcomes. However, there is limited research exploring women's pregnancy planning in Australia. Aim: This study investigated associations between pregnancy planning, socio-demographics and preconception health behaviours in Australian women. Methods: A retrospective cross-sectional survey of pregnant women ≥18-years-of-age recruited through a Victorian public maternity service and a national private health insurer. Results: Overall 317 women (30 ± 4.7 years) participated (public: n = 225, private: n = 92). Planned pregnancies were reported by 74% of women and were independently associated with marital status (AOR = 5.71 95% CI 1.92–17.00, p = 0.002); having ≤2 children (AOR = 3.75 95% CI 1.28–11.05, p = 0.016); and having private health insurance (AOR = 2.51 95% CI 1.08–5.81, p = 0.03). Overall, women reported preconception: any folic-acid supplementation (59%), up-to-date cervical screening (68%), weight management attempts (75%), accessing information from health professionals (57%) and immunisation reviews (47%). Pregnancy planners were more likely to use folic-acid (AOR = 17.13 95% CI 7.67–38.26, p < 0.001), review immunisations (AOR = 2.09 95% CI 1.07–4.10, p = 0.03) and access information (AOR = 3.24 95% CI 1.75–6.00, p < 0.001) compared to non-planners. Women <25-years-of-age were less likely to access information (AOR = 0.38 95% CI 0.16–0.89, p = 0.03) and take folic-acid (AOR = 0.23 95% CI 0.09–0.59, p = 0.002) and were more likely to smoke 3-months preconception (AOR = 6.68 95% CI 1.24–36.12, p = 0.03). Conclusions: Women with planned and unplanned pregnancies reported variable preconception health behaviour uptake and limited healthcare engagement. Opportunities exist to improve awareness and healthcare engagement for optimising preconception health and pregnancy planning benefits including collaborative health promotion. Population-based and targeted approaches reaching pregnancy planners and non-planners are required. ER  - 
Phenobarbital Monotherapy for the Management of Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome in Surgical-Trauma Patients$$$ Background: Benzodiazepine is first-line therapy for alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS), and phenobarbital is an alternative therapy. However, its use has not been well validated in the surgical-trauma patient population. Objective: To describe the use of fixed-dose phenobarbital monotherapy for the management of patients at risk for AWS in the surgical-trauma intensive care unit. Methods: Surgical-trauma critically ill patients who received phenobarbital monotherapy, loading dose followed by a taper regimen, for the management of AWS were included in this evaluation. The effectiveness of phenobarbital monotherapy to treat AWS and prevent development of AWS-related complications were evaluated. Safety end points assessed included significant hypotension, bradycardia, respiratory depression, and need for invasive mechanical ventilation. Results: A total of 31 patients received phenobarbital monotherapy; the majority of patients were at moderate risk for developing AWS (n = 20; 65%) versus high risk (n = 11; 35%). None of the patients developed AWS-related complications; all patients were successfully managed for their AWS. Nine patients (29%) received nonbenzodiazepine adjunct therapy for agitation post–phenobarbital initiation. Three patients (10%) experienced hypotension, and 3 (10%) were intubated. None of the patients had clinically significant bradycardia or respiratory depression. Conclusion and Relevance: Fixed-dose phenobarbital monotherapy appears to be well tolerated and effective in the management of AWS. Further evaluation is needed to determine the extent of benefit with the use of phenobarbital monotherapy for management of AWS. ER  - 
Antiseizure drugs and risk of developing smoking-related chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or lung cancer: A population-based case–control study$$$ Aims: To determine whether enzyme-inducing antiseizure drugs (ASDs) affect the risk of developing chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) or lung cancer in smokers. Methods: Cases of COPD and lung cancer and matched controls without these conditions were identified from a population of smokers with ≥1 prescription for any type of ASD in the Clinical Practice Research Datalink UK database of patients managed in primary care (1995–2016). A matched case–control study was performed utilising multivariate logistic regression analyses of exposure to enzyme-inducing ASDs compared to non–enzyme-inducing ASDs. The duration of ASD exposure and level of tobacco exposure were also assessed. Results: We identified 5952 incident COPD and 1373 incident lung cancer cases, and 59 328 and 13 681 matched controls, respectively. Compared with never use, ever use of enzyme-inducing ASDs was associated with slightly decreased risk estimates of COPD (adjusted odds ratio: 0.85, 95% confidence interval: 0.81–0.89) and lung cancer (adjusted odds ratio: 0.82, 95% confidence interval: 0.73–0.92). These risk estimates were attenuated in heavy smokers. Conclusion: We found slightly decreased risk estimates of COPD and lung cancer among smokers taking enzyme-inducing ASDs and hypothesise that this may be related to induction of detoxification of tobacco-specific lung toxins. ER  - 
Post-traumatic stress disorder in the military police of rio de janeiro: Can a risk profile be identified?$$$ Background: Significant exposure to critical incidents characteristic of military police work has a potentially traumatic effect and multiple consequences for the mental health of these professionals, such as Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). This study aims to investigate the occurrence of PTSD in this occupational group and its correlations with socio-demographic and occupational variables. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study of Rio de Janeiro’s Military Police officers (n = 3.577). Data was collected from self-reported questionnaires applied in an institutional health program. Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Checklist—Civilian version was used to assess PTSD. Results: Rates of 16.9% for full PTSD and 26.7% for partial PTSD were found. Based on logistic regression analysis, female officers and police officers in lower ranks of the military hierarchy and performing administrative duties were found to be at most risk of developing PTSD. Conclusions: These results suggest the need to further understand the predictive organizational and individual variables of PTSD correlated with the increased vulnerability of professionals in order to contribute to institutional policies for the prevention and rehabilitation of these cases. ER  - 
Determinants of complications in first ever acute stroke patients: A prospective observational study from India$$$ Background and Aims: Post-stroke complications can lead to frequent and major causes of death in the early phases after an acute stroke. Aims of the present study were to determine the association of several risk factors with the occurrence of poststroke complications, the predictors for the development of complications, and to evaluate how these complications affected the overall prognosis among subjects with the first ever acute stroke. This study is the pioneer study of this kind from Eastern India. Previous national and international studies on this lack uniformity in their results probably because of the following reasons: no standard definitions for complications following the stroke, varied follow-up periods ranging from 1 week to 30 months, type and severity of stroke affecting the incidence, and finally, the demographic variables. Methods: This was an observational, prospective study, in which a total of 521 adult male and female patients who had a first-ever acute stroke, aged between 12 years to 75 years were enrolled over a period of 2 years (September 2016 to September 2018), admitted in Department of Neuromedicine, Bangur Institute of Neurosciences (BIN), Kolkata, India. Patients with first ever acute stroke were studied for post-stroke complications (predefined with standard criteria) during the hospital stay at Bangur Institute of Neurosciences (BIN), Kolkata, India, and their association with risk factors, severity of stroke (National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale Score, NIHSS), length of hospital stay (in days) and outcome (Modified Rankin Scale, MRS) were assessed. Results: A total of screened 498 patients who were admitted at Bangur Institute of Neurosciences (BIN), Kolkata, India, with first ever acute stroke were recruited. The mean age was 61.02 years (range 23-75 years), the majority being male (n = 307; 61.6%). Post-stroke complication during hospital stay was documented in 270 patients (54.2%) (males and females combined). In logistic regression analysis, multiple risk factors (OR, 1.571; 95% CI, 1.084-2.278; P-0.017), severity of stroke (National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale Score, NIHSS) (OR, 1.425; 95% CI, 1.027-1.976; P-0.034) and length of hospital stay (in days) (OR, 3.565; 95% CI, 2.029-6.264; P < 0.0001) were the most robust predictors of occurrence of complications. The independent predictors of poor outcome in subjects with complications were: chest infection (OR, 2.07; 95% CI, 1.006-4.26; P = 0.048), bedsores (OR, 2.26; 95% CI, 1.03-4.94; P-0.042), and seizures (OR, 5.072; 95% CI, 1.08-23.79; P-0.039). Conclusion: In our study, the most independent predictors of complications were severity of stroke and length of hospital stay. This observation might help clinicians in taking appropriate measures towards preventing post-stroke complications and thereby improving outcome following a stroke. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life and associated factors among patients with epilepsy at the University of Gondar comprehensive specialized hospital, northwest Ethiopia$$$ Purpose: Epilepsy is a global public health problem that causes a profound physical, psychological and social consequences. However, as such evidence in our country is limited, this study aimed to assess the health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and associated factors among patients with epilepsy. Methods: An institution-based cross-sectional study was conducted on 370 patients with epilepsy. The Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-31 (QOLIE-31) was used to measure HRQOL. Multiple linear regression was fitted to assess the association between HRQOL and the independent variables, and a P-value < 0.05 and a 95% confidence interval were used to declare statistical significance. Results: More than 55% of the participants were male, and the mean age of the participants was 29.64 (11.09) years. The overall HRQOL score was 55.81 (14.00). The scale scores ranged from 46.50 (15.55) to 64.98 (19.43). Out of the seven scales, the energy scale score was the lowest. Frequency of seizure, anxiety, depression, perceived stigma and adverse drug event were negatively associated with HRQOL, whereas social support had a significant positive association. Conclusion: This study revealed that the HRQOL of patients was low and that its energy and emotional scales were the most affected. The presence of depression, anxiety and stigma adversely affected patient HRQOL. Therefore, healthcare professionals should be aware of the emotional state of the role it plays for HRQOL. Interventions aimed at reducing psychosocial problems and stigmatization are also needed to improve the patient HRQOL. ER  - 
Prevalence of post-traumatic stress disorder in caregivers of pediatric neurosurgical patients$$$ Background: Having a child receive a neurosurgical diagnosis creates significant stress and anxiety in caregivers. The stress of these life-threatening and emotionally charged diagnoses may put caregivers at risk for developing post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). While PTSD has been studied in a variety of caregivers of pediatric populations, to the best of our knowledge, it has yet to be examined in caregivers commonly seen in general pediatric neurosurgical practices. This study was designed to gain an understanding of the prevalence of PTSD within this population. Methods: A cross-sectional survey method was utilized. Participants completed both a survey to provide demographic information, and the Posttraumatic Stress Checklist for DSM-5 (PCL-5) which is used to make a provisional diagnosis of PTSD. Surveys were distributed both in person and online between December 2018 and April 2019. Results: One hundred sixty-eight surveys were included in the study. According to the DSM-5 diagnostic criteria, 44.6% (n = 75) of caregivers screened positively for a provisional diagnosis of PTSD. The specific neurosurgical diagnosis (p = 0.002), number of surgeries (p = 0.008), and category of the last surgery (p = 0.026) impacted the rate of PTSD symptoms in this population. Most caregivers who screened positive for PTSD experience a high level of disturbing memories and physical reactions to the events and avoid reminders of the medical experience. Caregivers also report a loss of interest in activities, feel distant from other people, and have difficulties with concentration and sleep. There was no significant relationship between caregivers who identified having a high level of anxiety before their child was diagnosed and who screened positive for PTSD. Conclusion: This study has identified a higher number of caregivers screening positive for PTSD within pediatric neurosurgical patients, than previously reported in other populations. Specific neurosurgical diagnosis, number of surgeries, and category of last surgery all impact a positive screen for the condition. Caregivers who avoid remembering events surrounding their child’s diagnosis are at a higher risk of having the condition. The results highlight the need to identify ways to decrease the impact of a pediatric neurosurgical diagnosis on the mental health of caregivers. Future research focused on early mental health intervention for caregivers of pediatric neurosurgical patients may be helpful in reducing the long-term impact of this difficult condition. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of darolutamide in Japanese patients with nonmetastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer: a sub-group analysis of the phase III ARAMIS trial$$$ Background: Darolutamide, an oral androgen receptor inhibitor, has been approved for treating nonmetastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (nmCRPC), based on significant improvements in metastasis-free survival (MFS) in the ARAMIS clinical trial. Efficacy and safety of darolutamide in Japanese patients are reported here. Methods: In this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase III trial, 1509 patients with nmCRPC and prostate-specific antigen (PSA) doubling time ≤ 10 months were randomized 2:1 to darolutamide 600 mg twice daily or matched placebo while continuing androgen deprivation therapy. The primary endpoint was MFS. Results: In Japan, 95 patients were enrolled and randomized to darolutamide (n = 62) or placebo (n = 33). At the primary analysis (cut-off date: September 3, 2018), after 20 primary end-point events had occurred, median MFS was not reached with darolutamide vs. 18.2 months with placebo (HR 0.28, 95% CI 0.11–0.70). Median OS was not reached due to limited numbers of events in both groups but favored darolutamide in the Japanese subgroup. Time to pain progression, time to PSA progression, and PSA response also favored darolutamide. Among Japanese patients randomized to darolutamide vs. placebo, incidences of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were 85.5 vs. 63.6%, and incidences of treatment discontinuation due to TEAEs were 8.1 vs. 6.1%. Conclusions: Efficacy outcomes favored darolutamide in Japanese patients with nmCRPC, supporting the clinical benefit of darolutamide in this patient population. Darolutamide was well tolerated; however, due to the small sample size, it is impossible to conclude with certainty whether differences in the safety profile exist between Japanese and overall ARAMIS populations. ER  - 
Efficacy and Tolerability of Rufinamide in Epileptic Children Younger Than 4 Years$$$ Background: Rufinamide, a triazole derivative, is a new-generation antiseizure medication with a novel mechanism of action. We evaluated the efficacy and safety of rufinamide treatment in children with epilepsy younger than 4 years at our center. Methods: In this retrospective study, we included children younger than 4 years who had pharmacologically resistant epilepsy and were treated with rufinamide at Boston Children’s Hospital between June 2010 and June 2018. Safety and efficacy of rufinamide treatment were assessed immediately prior to initiation of rufinamide and at the last follow-up visit. Responders were defined as patients who had greater than 50% reduction in seizure frequency on follow-up as compared to baseline. Results: We reviewed records of 128 children and included 103 with complete information. Patients consisted of 60 boys (58%), with a median age of 20 months (interquartile range 13-28, range 2-36). Median treatment duration was 15 months, and median rufinamide dosage at the last follow-up was 42 mg/kg/d (interquartile range 34-56). At the last follow-up, seizure frequency decreased (450 vs 90, P<.001) and overall seizure reduction was 54%. Fifty-one patients (49.5%) were responders with 94% seizure reduction, including 20 (19.4%) who achieved seizure freedom. Treatment retention rate at 12 months was 63%. Thirty patients (29%) developed adverse events and 41 patients (39.8%) discontinued rufinamide because of adverse events (15; 14.5%) and lack of efficacy (26; 25%). Conclusion: Rufinamide is effective in reducing seizure frequency in pediatric epilepsy patients younger than 4 years, and overall well tolerated. ER  - 
Effectiveness of risk minimisation measures for valproate: A cross-sectional survey among physicians in Europe$$$ Purpose: This study evaluated the effectiveness of risk minimisation measures (RMMs) implemented following the 2014 referral for valproate in Europe. Methods: Cross-sectional survey was conducted over 2-month period in 2016 among physicians who prescribed valproate in France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain and Sweden. The web-based questionnaire included five endpoints to evaluate physicians' knowledge on (a) prescribing valproate only for epilepsy and bipolar disorder in women if other treatments were ineffective or not tolerated; (b) ensuring supervision by experienced physicians while treating these conditions; (c) considering alternative treatments for women planning pregnancy, regular review of treatment needs and re-assessing the benefit–risk balance in women and girls reaching puberty; (d) informing patients about the risks of taking valproate during pregnancy and (e) advising women on effective contraception during their treatment. Results: Among 1153 physicians, 95.5% responded prescribing valproate for epilepsy and bipolar disorder in women only if other treatments are ineffective/not tolerated; 66.5% supervised while treatment; 76.6% considered alternative treatments for women planning pregnancy; 92.1% informed patients about the risks of taking valproate during pregnancy and 94.4% advised patients on the use of effective contraception during its treatment. Overall, 25.8% physicians recalled receiving both educational material (EM) and Dear Healthcare Professional Communication (DHPC). All endpoint rates were higher for physicians who acknowledged receipt of both DHPC and EM compared to physicians who did not receive them. Conclusions: Although results varied across geography and physician speciality, majority of physicians had good knowledge about the indication and safety aspects of prescribing and using valproate. ER  - 
Effects of commercial metronidazole and metronidazole benzoate suspensions on food intake in chinchillas$$$ Objectives: To evaluate if commercially available metronidazole and metronidazole benzoate suspensions cause a reduction in food intake in healthy chinchillas and if the reduction in food intake is dose-dependent. Materials and Methods: Twelve chinchillas were used in a randomised, controlled, blinded, complete-crossover study. All treatments were administered orally every 12 hours for 3 days. Metronidazole (125 mg/mL) was administered at 20 mg/kg and metronidazole benzoate (25 mg/mL) was administered at 20 and 10 mg/kg. Food intake was recorded daily. The washout period between treatments was at least 14 days. Results: At 20 mg/kg PO q12h administration of both commercial suspensions resulted in a significant reduction of food intake. The greatest mean reduction in food intake occurred after 2 to 3 days of drug administration (metronidazole: −54 ± 25%; metronidazole benzoate: −44 ± 36%). After administration of metronidazole benzoate at 10 mg/kg PO q12h, the reduction in food intake was significantly less pronounced (−24 ± 36%), suggesting that negative effect of metronidazole on food intake in chinchillas is dose-dependent. Variation in metronidazole-induced food intake reduction differed widely between individual chinchillas. Clinical Significance: The oral administration of commercial metronidazole and metronidazole benzoate suspensions results in a dose-dependent clinically relevant reduction in food intake in chinchillas. Metronidazole should be used cautiously in this species and food intake should be monitored during treatment. Future studies are needed in order to determine if metronidazole at 10 mg/kg q12h is an effective therapeutic dosage in chinchillas. ER  - 
Determinants for control of status epilepticus in patients with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis$$$ Background: Treatment guideline for status epilepticus (SE) specifically in patients with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDAR) encephalitis is insufficient. This study aimed to clarify the determinants for the control of SE in adult patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Methods: Medical records of all patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis hospitalized between Jan. 2010 and Sep. 2019 were analyzed for the time sequence of seizures and treatments, and antiepileptic drug (AED) regimens related to SE. The outcomes were control of SE and seizures, and the discharge score of modified Rankin Scale (mRS). Results: All eight patients had seizures and seven (87.5%) suffered from SE which lasted for 3.6 ± 3.9 days. Five patients (71.4%) had SE earlier than using IT, whose SE was controlled by AEDs alone (n = 4) or combined with teratomas resection (n = 1). Another two patients suffered from SE after receiving IT, and one of them had SE only for 1 hour. Moreover, all SE patients received increased types and dosages of AEDs at SE end. A shorter duration of refractory SE was associated with its later occurrence after seizure onset (p = 0.005) and longer duration of AEDs use before SE (p = 0.026). All cases achieved seizure freedom after receiving AEDs and IT. Conclusions: In these patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis, all the SE which occurred before initiating IT was successfully controlled by AEDs alone or combined with teratoma resection, and later onset of refractory SE was associated with a shorter SE duration. ER  - 
The relationship between plasma clozapine concentration and clinical outcome: a cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: There is no report that statistically evaluates the therapeutic reference (350–600 ng/ml) and adverse drug reaction (ADR) range (>1000 ng/ml) of clozapine (CLZ) recommended by the Arbeitsgemeinschaft für Neuropsychopharmakologie und Pharmakopsychiatrie (AGNP) consensus guidelines in an isolated and large sampling study. Methods: We administered CLZ to 131 Japanese patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia in a multicenter cross-sectional study. Plasma CLZ concentrations were assayed by high-performance liquid chromatography using trough sampling. The Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) and severe dose-dependent ADR (sedation, myoclonus, and seizures) were analyzed statistically after adjusting for possible confounders. Results: The daily CLZ dosage showed a moderately positive relationship with the plasma concentration (r = 0.49, p < 0.001). Every 100 ng/ml increase in plasma CLZ concentration improved the total BPRS score 1.95% (95% CI: 0.89–3.01, p < 0.001) and the odds ratio (OR) 1.38 (95% CI: 1.14–1.66, p = 0.001) for BPRS response. Compared with concentrations below 350 ng/ml CLZ, 350–600 ng/ml (11.12%; 95% CI: 2.52–19.72, p = 0.012) and 600–1000 ng/ml (11.05%; 95% CI: 2.40–19.71, p = 0.013) showed significant improvement in the total BPRS score. Dosages above 1000 ng/ml showed greater improvement (25.36%; 95% CI: 13.08–37.64, p < 0.001) of the total BPRS score but more severe ADRs than dosages below 1000 ng/ml (OR: 31.72; 95% CI: 1.04–968.81, p = 0.048). Conclusion: The AGNP therapeutic reference range (350–600 ng/ml) is useful, and a dose above 1000 ng/ml is potentially more effective but carries the risk of severe ADRs in the central nervous system. ER  - 
Melatonin (MEL) and its use in neurological diseases and insomnia: Recommendations of the French Medical and Research Sleep Society (SFRMS)$$$ The French Medicine and Research Sleep Society had organized a consensus conference about sleep/wake circadian rhythms and their disorders. During this conference a subgroup of 11 sleep doctors/researchers looked specifically at the use of MEL in different pathologies. This article gives a summary of the main results of MEL therapy in some neurological diseases and insomnia approved by this consensus group. Exogenous MEL, which crosses the blood-brain barrier, has been used as a treatment in its two available forms: an immediate release form that principally shows a chronobiotic action and a long release form that mimics the physiological MEL secretion rhythm and is used to replace reduced physiological secretion. MEL secretion decreases frequently with age, mostly in elderly insomniacs and dementia patients. Results of level A studies show that MEL therapy, used as an add-on treatment, has beneficial effects in mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and Alzheimer patients with sleep disorders in improving sleep quality and in regulating the sleep/wake rhythm. MEL has to be prescribed as early as possible and for a long period, at a dose of 2 to 5 or 10 mg. It may have a beneficial effect on cognitive function in MCI but shows no effect in moderate to severe Alzheimer's disease. It should be emphasized that there are no serious side effects with MEL treatment. In these diseases, light therapy used 12 hours before melatonin treatment has a positive synergic effect. In REM sleep behavior disorder, immediate release MEL should be prescribed first as its side effect profile is much better than clonazepam shortly before bedtime. MEL has a good efficacy on clinical symptoms and PSG REM sleep without atonia episodes and is well tolerated. In Parkinson disease with sleep disorders and without REM sleep behavior disorder, MEL seems to improve subjective sleep quality but no conclusions can be drawn. There is insufficient scientific proof for using MEL as a prophylactic treatment in primary headache, migraine and cluster headache. In epileptic patients, MEL can be safely used to regulate the sleep/wake rhythm and to improve insomnia but more randomized controlled studies are necessary. In primary or no-comorbid insomnia, only a 2 mg dose of slow release MEL, 1 to 2 hours before bedtime, over a period of 3 to 12 weeks, is recommended. It decreases sleep onset latency, improves quality of sleep, morning alertness and quality of life without serious side effects and without withdrawal symptoms. ER  - 
A survey of the European Reference Network EpiCARE on clinical practice for selected rare epilepsies$$$ Objective: Clinical care of rare and complex epilepsies is challenging, because evidence-based treatment guidelines are scarce, the experience of many physicians is limited, and interdisciplinary treatment of comorbidities is required. The pathomechanisms of rare epilepsies are, however, increasingly understood, which potentially fosters novel targeted therapies. The objectives of our survey were to obtain an overview of the clinical practice in European tertiary epilepsy centers treating patients with 5 arbitrarily selected rare epilepsies and to get an estimate of potentially available patients for future studies. Methods: Members of the European Reference Network for rare and complex epilepsies (EpiCARE) were invited to participate in a web-based survey on clinical practice of patients with Dravet syndrome, tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC), autoimmune encephalitis, and progressive myoclonic epilepsies including Unverricht Lundborg and Unverricht-like diseases. A consensus-based questionnaire was generated for each disease. Results: Twenty-six of 30 invited epilepsy centers participated. Cohorts were present in most responding centers for TSC (87%), Dravet syndrome (85%), and autoimmune encephalitis (71%). Patients with TSC and Dravet syndrome represented the largest cohorts in these centers. The antiseizure drug treatments were rather consistent across the centers especially with regard to Dravet syndrome, infantile spasms in TSC, and Unverricht Lundborg / Unverricht-like disease. Available, widely used targeted therapies included everolimus in TSC and immunosuppressive therapies in autoimmune encephalitis. Screening for comorbidities was routinely done, but specific treatment protocols were lacking in most centers. Significance: The survey summarizes the current clinical practice for selected rare epilepsies in tertiary European epilepsy centers and demonstrates consistency as well as heterogeneity in the treatment, underscoring the need for controlled trials and recommendations. The survey also provides estimates for potential participants of clinical trials recruited via EpiCARE, emphasizing the great potential of Reference Networks for future studies to evaluate new targeted therapies and to identify novel biomarkers. ER  - 
Decentralized, primary-care delivered epilepsy services in Burera District, Rwanda: Service use, feasibility, and treatment$$$ Background: Integrating epilepsy care into primary care settings could reduce the global burden of illness attributable to epilepsy. Since 2012, the Rwandan Ministry of Health and the international nonprofit Partners In Health have collaboratively used a multi-faceted implementation program- MESH MH—to integrate and scale-up care for epilepsy and mental disorders within rural primary care settings in Burera district, Rwanda. We here describe demographics, service use and treatment patterns for patients with epilepsy seeking care at MESH-MH supported primary care health centers. Methods and findings: This was a retrospective cohort study using routinely collected data from fifteen health centers in Burera district, from January 2015 to December 2016. 286 patients with epilepsy completed 3307 visits at MESH-MH participating health centers over a two year period (Jan 1st 2015 to Dec 31st 2016). Men were over twice as likely to be diagnosed with epilepsy than women (OR 2.38, CI [1.77–3.19]), and children under 10 were thirteen times as likely to be diagnosed with epilepsy as those 10 and older (OR 13.27, CI [7.18–24.51]). Carbamazepine monotherapy was prescribed most frequently (34% of patients). Conclusion: Task-sharing of epilepsy care to primary care via implementation programs such as MESH-MH has the potential to reduce the global burden of illness attributable to epilepsy. ER  - 
Neurofeedback training improves anxiety trait and depressive symptom in GAD$$$ Objective: To investigate the effectiveness of alpha activity neurofeedback training over the parietal lobe in GAD patients. Methods: Twenty-six female patients who had been diagnosed as GAD according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (5th edition, DSM-V) criteria were included in this study. Patients were randomized into two groups: the left parietal lobe training group (LPL group, n = 13) and the right parietal lobe training group (RPL group, n = 13), and then received ten 40-minute alpha training sessions in the relevant area. Evaluations included severity of anxiety (by State-Trait Anxiety Inventory, STAI) and depression (by Beck Depression Inventory, BDI-II) after the fifth training session and the last training session. Results: The scores of STAI-S decreased significantly two weeks after the fifth training session in both groups (LPL group: from 47.15 ± 10.65 to 38.69 ± 8.78, p<.05; RPL group: from 44.92 ± 12.37 to 37.31 ± 6.41, p <.05) and decreased further at the four weeks’ time point after the last training session (LPL group: 35.15 ± 9.24; RPL group: 29.85 ± 6.18). Compared with baseline, the scores of STAI-T, BDI-II and ISI decrease at two weeks, no significant difference found between LPL group and RPL group. The scores of STAI-T, BDI-II and ISI decreased at four weeks when compared with two weeks, and no significant difference found between LPL group and RPL group. Conclusion: Neurofeedback training of alpha activity over the parietal lobe is effective in GAD patients, especially the anxiety trait and depressive symptoms. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of adjunctive perampanel in patients with focal seizures or generalized tonic-clonic seizures: Post hoc analysis of Phase II and Phase III double-blind and open-label extension studies in India$$$ Objective: This post hoc analysis assessed the efficacy and safety of adjunctive perampanel in patients (aged ≥ 12 years) with focal seizures (FS), with/without focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures (FBTCS), or generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) in India. Methods: Centers in India were identified from six double-blind, randomized, Phase II and Phase III studies of adjunctive perampanel (2–12 mg/day) and their open-label extensions (OLEx). Efficacy assessments included median percent change in seizure frequency per 28 days, 50% and 75% responder and seizure-freedom rates. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were monitored. Results: Overall, 128 patients (placebo, n = 39; perampanel, n = 89) were included in the double-blind Safety Analysis Set and 126 (FS, n = 113 [placebo, n = 32; perampanel, n = 81]; FBTCS, n = 35 [placebo, n = 14; perampanel, n = 21]; GTCS, n = 13 [placebo, n = 6; perampanel, n = 7]) comprised the Full Analysis Set. Median percent reductions in seizure frequency per 28 days for placebo vs perampanel for Indian patients were as follows: 34.8% vs 49.8% (FS; not significant [NS]) and 43.1% vs 60.5% (FBTCS; NS) at 4–12 mg/day, respectively, and −22.4% vs 8.2% (GTCS; NS) at 8 mg/day, respectively. Fifty-percent responder rates were 37.5% vs 55.1% (FS; NS), 42.9% vs 60.0% (FBTCS; NS), and 16.7% vs 42.9% (GTCS; NS), respectively; seizure-freedom rates were 0.0% vs 5.8%, 7.1% vs 10.0%, and 0.0% vs 14.3%, respectively (all NS). Overall, 110 patients entered OLEx studies (FS, n = 99; GTCS, n = 11). Perampanel was efficacious for up to four years for FS and FBTCS and two years for GTCS. Across double-blind and OLEx studies, TEAEs occurred in 58.4% and 83.6% of Indian perampanel-treated patients, respectively; dizziness was most common. Efficacy and safety outcomes were generally similar overall between Indian and non-Indian patients. Significance: These data suggest adjunctive perampanel (up to 12 mg/day) may be a suitable anti-seizure medication for patients (aged ≥ 12 years) with FS, with/without FBTCS, or GTCS in India. ER  - 
CO-aVoID: coronavirus outbreak affecting variability of presentations to a local emergency department$$$ Background: The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on public health, specifically on patients presenting to the emergency department (ED) with non-COVID-related diseases, remains largely undocumented. Objective: This study explored how overall rates of presentations to the emergency department were impacted immediately after the declaration of the COVID-19 pandemic, and specifically how key presenting symptoms representing emergency, standard and low-acuity conditions were impacted. Methods: A sequential modified Delphi survey and cross-sectional analysis of administrative census data from a tertiary care center in New Brunswick, Canada, were performed. Details of ED presentations for emergency, standard and low-acuity conditions from February 1 to April 30, 2020, were compared to data from previous years. Results: There was a significant decrease in the number of patients visiting the ED with emergency, standard and low-acuity complaints immediately after March 13, 2020, compared to 2019. The proportion of females and males remained similar, with a median age of 48 years in 2020 and 44 years in 2019. Total presentation patterns to the ED (registrations, admissions to hospital and left without being seen numbers) decreased, compared to previous years. Conclusions: We report a predictable decrease in patient visits to the ED with minor, non-life-threatening conditions during a pandemic. However, we also report a decrease in presentations for emergency and standard conditions. Improved messaging highlighting the need to seek help for “true” emergencies, while providing non-ED options for minor, non-life-threatening conditions, may be helpful under normal circumstances and during future pandemics. ER  - 
Symptomatology of carbamazepine- and oxcarbazepine-induced hyponatremia in people with epilepsy$$$ Objective: To ascertain whether adverse effects experienced by people taking carbamazepine or oxcarbazepine could be attributed to carbamazepine- or oxcarbazepine-induced hyponatremia (COIH). Methods: We performed an observational study, collecting data between 2017 and 2019 on serum sodium levels and adverse effects retrospectively in people with epilepsy while receiving treatment with either carbamazepine (CBZ) or oxcarbazepine (OXC). We defined hyponatremia as sodium level ≤134 mEq/L and severe hyponatremia as sodium level ≤128 mEq/L. Adverse effects experienced were compared between groups of individuals with and without hyponatremia. Results: A total of 1370 people using CBZ or OXC were identified, of whom 410 had at least one episode of hyponatremia. We checked for symptoms related to the use of CBZ and OXC in 710 people (410 with and 300 without hyponatremia) and found relevant information in 688. Adverse effects occurred in 65% of people with hyponatremia compared to 21% with normal sodium levels (odds ratio [OR] 7.5, P ≤.001) and in 83% of people with severe hyponatremia compared to 55% in those with mild hyponatremia (P ≤.001). Significant predictors of adverse effects were the drug (OXC vs CBZ), and the number of concomitant anti-seizure medications. Dizziness (28% vs 6%), tiredness (22% vs 7%), instability (19% vs 3%), and diplopia (16% vs 4%) were reported more often in the hyponatremia group than in patients with normal levels. Significance: People with COIH had a 7-fold increased risk of developing adverse effects during treatment. Clinicians should consider ascertainment of sodium levels in patients taking CBZ and OXC and act upon findings. ER  - 
Focal Cortical Surface Cooling is a Novel and Safe Method for Intraoperative Functional Brain Mapping$$$ Objective: Electric cortical stimulation (ECS) has been the gold standard for intraoperative functional mapping in neurosurgery, yet it carries the risk of induced seizures. We assess the safety of focal cortical cooling (CC) as a potential alternative to ECS. Methods: We reviewed 40 patients (13 with tumor and 27 with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy) who underwent intraoperative CC at the University of Iowa Hospital and Clinics (CC group), of whom 38 underwent ECS preceding CC. Intraoperative and postoperative seizure incidence, postoperative neurologic deficits, and new postoperative radiographic findings were collected to assess CC safety. Fifty-five patients who underwent ECS mapping without CC (ECS-alone group) were reviewed as a control cohort. Another 25 patients who underwent anterior temporal lobectomy (ATL) without CC or ECS (no ECS/no CC-ATL group) were also reviewed to evaluate long-term effects of CC. Results: Seventy-nine brain sites in the CC group were cooled, comprising inferior frontal gyrus (44%), precentral gyrus (39%), postcentral gyrus (6%), subcentral gyrus (4%), and superior temporal gyrus (6%). The incidence of intraoperative seizure(s) was 0% (CC group) and 3.6% (ECS-alone group). The incidence of seizure(s) within the first postoperative week did not significantly differ among CC (7.9%), ECS-alone (9.0%), and no ECS/no CC-ATL groups (12%). There was no significant difference in the incidence of postoperative radiographic change between CC (7.5%) and ECS-alone groups (5.5%). Long-term seizure outcome (Engel I+II) for mesial temporal epilepsy did not differ among CC (80%), ECS-alone (83.3%), and no ECS/no CC-ATL groups (83.3%). Conclusions: CC when used as an intraoperative mapping technique is safe and may complement ECS. ER  - 
Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome and COVID-19: A series of 6 cases from Lombardy, Italy$$$ Posterior reversible encephalopathy cases are increasingly being reported in patients affected by COVID-19, but the largest series so far only includes 4 patients. We present a series of 6 patients diagnosed with PRES during COVID-19 hospitalized in 5 Centers in Lombardia, Italy. 5 out of the 6 patients required intensive care assistence and seizures developed at weaning from assisted ventilation. 3 out of 6 patients underwent cerebrospinal fluid analysis which was normal in all cases, with negative PCR for Sars-CoV-2 genome search. PRES occurrence may be less rare than supposed in COVID-19 patients and a high suspicion index is warranted for prompt diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Metabolic signatures of osteoarthritis in urine using liquid chromatography‐high resolution tandem mass spectrometry$$$ Introduction: Osteoarthritis (OA) is a common cause of disability in older people, but its aetiology is not yet fully understood. Biomarkers of OA from metabolomics studies have shown potential use in understanding the progression and pathophysiology of OA. Objectives: To investigate possible surrogate biomarkers of knee OA in urine using metabolomics to contribute towards a better understanding of OA progression and possible targeted treatment. Method: Liquid chromatography-high resolution mass spectrometry (LC-HRMS) was applied in a case–control approach to explore the possible metabolic differences between the urinary profiles of symptomatic knee OA patients (n = 74) (subclassified into inflammatory OA, n = 22 and non-inflammatory OA, n = 52) and non-OA controls (n = 68). Univariate, multivariate and pathway analyses were performed with a rigorous validation including cross-validation, permutation test, prediction and receiver operating characteristic curve to identify significantly altered metabolites and pathways in OA. Results: OA datasets generated 7405 variables and multivariate analysis showed clear separation of inflammatory OA, but not non-inflammatory OA, from non-OA controls. Adequate cross-validation (R2Y = 0.874, Q2 = 0.465) was obtained. The prediction model and the ROC curve showed satisfactory results with a sensitivity of 88%, specificity of 71% and accuracy of 77%. 26 metabolites were identified as potential biomarkers of inflammatory OA using HMDB, authentic standards and/or MS/MS database. Conclusion: Urinary metabolic profiles were altered in inflammatory knee OA subjects compared to those with non-inflammatory OA and non-OA controls. These altered profiles associated with perturbed activity of the TCA cycle, pyruvate and amino acid metabolism linked to inflammation, oxidative stress and collagen destruction. Of note, 2-keto-glutaramic acid level was > eightfold higher in the inflammatory OA patients compared to non-OA control, signalling a possible perturbation in glutamine metabolism related to OA progression. ER  - 
The high frequency of chromosomal copy number variations and candidate genes in epilepsy patients$$$ OBJECTIVE: Epilepsy is a chronic brain disease and is estimated to affect more than 50 million people worldwide.Epilepsy is a polygenic and multifactorial disease.Genetic causes play a major role in 40–60 % of all epilepsies.Copy number variations(CNVs) have been reported in approximately 5–12 % of patients with different types of epilepsy.Here we aimed to determine the diagnostic yield of the aCGH in epilepsy and to reveal new candidate genes and CNVs by analyzing aCGH data retrospectively. METHODS: The clinical data of 80 patients with the diagnosis of epilepsy were examined retrospectively and the raw data of aCGH of these patients were reanalyzed in the light of current literature. RESULTS: Pathogenic/likely pathogenic CNVs were detected in 14 of 80 patients and 12 of these CNVs (15 %) were associated with epilepsy phenotype. In addition, 18 CNVs in 16 different chromosomal loci that were evaluated as the variant of unknown clinical significance(VOUS). In four cases (5%), CNVs associated with epilepsy were less than 100 kb and these accounted for 13.3 % of all epilepsy associated CNVs. CONCLUSION: The diagnostic yield of aCGH in epilepsy patients was found to be higher than most studies in the literature. MACROD2,ADGRB3(BAI3),SOX8,HIP1,PARK2 and TAFA2 genes were evaluated as potential epilepsy-related genes and NEDD9,RASAL2 and TNR genes thought to be the candidate genes for epilepsy. Our study showed that the diagnostic efficiency of aCGH in epilepsy is high and with more comprehensive studies, it will contribute to the elucidation of genes involved in genetic etiology in epilepsy patients. ER  - 
Ictal injury: Epilepsy vs. functional (psychogenic) seizures$$$ Objective: The aim of the current study was to compare the risk and also the types of ictal injuries in three groups of people with seizures [i.e., IGE vs. TLE vs. FS]. Methods: This was a retrospective study. All patients with an electro-clinical diagnosis of IGE, TLE, or FS were recruited at the outpatient epilepsy clinic at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz, Iran, from 2008 until 2020. Age, sex, age at seizure onset, seizure type(s), and occurrence of ictal injury at any time since the onset of the seizures and its characteristics were registered routinely for all patients at the time of the first visit. Results: One thousand and one hundred seventy-four patients were studied (481 patients with IGE, 402 people with TLE, and 291 persons with FS). While the groups differed in their demographic and clinical characteristics, the rates of ictal injury did not differ significantly between the groups. Tongue injury was more frequently reported by patients with TLE compared with that by people with IGE or FS. Other types/locations of ictal injury were more or less reported by all three groups of the patients. Conclusion: Ictal injuries may happen with more or less similar rates among people with epilepsy (IGE and TLE) and those with FS. Ictal injury (rate, type, or location) should not be used as a marker for any specific diagnosis among people with seizures. ER  - 
Postoperative outcomes and surgical ratio at a newly established epilepsy center: The first 100 procedures$$$ Purpose: To describe the patients’ characteristics, surgical ratio, and outcomes following epilepsy surgery at the newly established Epilepsy Center Frankfurt Rhine-Main. Methods: We retrospectively studied the first 100 consecutive patients, including adult (n = 77) and pediatric (n = 23) patients, with drug-resistant epilepsy who underwent resective or ablative surgical procedures at a single, newly established epilepsy center. Patient characteristics, seizure and neuropsychological outcomes, histopathology, complications, and surgical ratio were analyzed. Results: The mean patient age was 28.8 years (children 10.6 years, adults 34.2 years). The mean epilepsy duration was 11.9 years (children 3.9 years, adults 14.3 years), and the mean follow-up was 1.5 years. At the most recent visit, 64% of patients remained completely seizure free [Engel IA]. The rates of perioperative complications and unexpected new neurological deficits were 5%, each. The proportion of patients showing deficits in one or more cognitive domains increased six months after surgery and decreased to presurgical proportions after two years. Symptoms of depression were significantly decreased and quality of life was significantly increased after surgery. The surgical ratio was 25.3%. Conclusion: Similar postsurgical outcomes were achieved at a newly established epilepsy center compared with long-standing epilepsy centers. The lower time to surgery may reflect a general decrease in time to surgery over the last decade or the improved accessibility of a new epilepsy center in a previously underserved area. The surgical ratio was not lower than reported for established centers. ER  - 
Anxiety and depressive symptoms in adolescents and young adults with epilepsy: The role of illness beliefs and social factors$$$ Purpose: This study examined (1) the prevalence of anxiety and depressive symptoms among adolescents and young adults (AYA) with epilepsy and (2) demographic and medical characteristics, illness beliefs, and social factors associated with anxiety and depressive symptoms to guide intervention development. Methods: A community-based sample of AYA with epilepsy (n = 179, ages 13–24 years, 39% male) completed online questionnaires measuring anxiety symptoms (GAD-7), depressive symptoms (PHQ-9), illness beliefs (helplessness; acceptance; perceived benefits), and social factors (family functioning; social stigma; connectedness). Participants also reported medical information (epilepsy type; years since diagnosis; time since last seizure; current medications). Results: Prevalence of clinically significant symptoms of anxiety and depression, 36% and 35%, respectively, was high compared to population prevalence. In multivariable regression models, demographic and medical factors explained only 2% of the variance in depressive symptoms and 6% in anxiety symptoms. Illness beliefs and social factors accounted for a majority of the explanatory power of both models (partial R2 = 0.37 for anxiety; 0.44 for depression). Specifically, acceptance, family functioning, and social stigma accounted for the greatest variance (p's < 0.01). Conclusions: This study found a high prevalence of anxiety and depressive symptoms among AYA with epilepsy. Epilepsy variables (seizure type, medications, and years since diagnosis) were not associated with these psychological symptoms. Rather, the majority of variance in symptoms was accounted for by potentially modifiable beliefs and social factors. Interventions that promote illness acceptance, enhance family functioning, and reduce social stigma may ameliorate psychological distress among AYA with epilepsy. ER  - 
Early onset severe ATP1A2 epileptic encephalopathy: Clinical characteristics and underlying mutations$$$ Background: ATP1A2 mutations cause hemiplegic migraine with or without epilepsy or acute reversible encephalopathy. Typical onset is in adulthood or older childhood without subsequent severe long-term developmental impairments. Aim: We aimed to describe the manifestations of early onset severe ATP1A2-related epileptic encephalopathy and its underlying mutations in a cohort of seven patients. Methods: A retrospective chart review of a cohort of seven patients was conducted. Response to open-label memantine therapy, used off-label due to its NMDA receptor antagonist effects, was assessed by the Global Rating Scale of Change (GRSC) and Clinical Global Impression Scale of Improvement (CGI-I) methodologies. Molecular modeling was performed using PyMol program. Results: Patients (age 2.5–20 years) had symptom onset at an early age (6 days–1 year). Seizures were either focal or generalized. Common features were: drug resistance, recurrent status epilepticus, etc., severe developmental delay with episodes of acute severe encephalopathy often with headaches, dystonias, hemiplegias, seizures, and developmental regression. All had variants predicted to be disease causing (p.Ile293Met, p.Glu1000Lys, c.1017+5G>A, p.Leu809Arg, and 3 patients with p.Met813Lys). Modeling revealed that mutations interfered with ATP1A2 ion binding and translocation sites. Memantine, given to five, was tolerated in all (mean treatment: 2.3 years, range 6 weeks–4.8 years) with some improvements reported in all five. Conclusions: Our observations describe a distinctive clinical profile of seven unrelated probands with early onset severe ATP1A2-related epileptic encephalopathy, provide insights into structure–function relationships of ATP1A2 mutations, and support further studies of NMDAR antagonist therapy in ATP1A2-encephalopathy. ER  - 
Distinguishing psychogenic nonepileptic, mixed, and epileptic seizures using systemic measures and reported experiences$$$ Objectives: Our primary objective was to better discern features that can differentiate people with ‘mixed’ symptomatology from those who experience epileptic seizures (ES) or functional/psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) alone, in a population of patients referred for video-telemetry. We wished to see if we could establish the prevalence of PNES in this population of interest as well as compare both objective (e.g. videotelemetry reports and heart rate measurements) and subjective, patient-centered measures (reported symptoms and experiences). Methods: Data were sourced from a database of all video-telemetry patients admitted to the John Radcliffe Hospital (Oxford, UK) between 1st Jan 2014 and 31st Jan 2016; video-electroencephalogram (vEEG) reports for the above patients; neurology clinic letters; multidisciplinary Team (MDT) reports; psychology assessments and patient notes for all vEEG patients referred for surgical work up. Mixed cases with a dual ES/PNES diagnosis were carefully evaluated again by the Consultant Neurologist under whose care each respective patient was, through case-by-case evaluation of EEG and telemetry reports. We compared mean heart rate during attacks captured on vEEG, number of physical symptoms reported, episode length, and postictal confusion between the three groups (ES; PNES; ES and PNES (mixed)). We evaluated the groups in terms of demographic and psychological parameters as well as prescription of anti-seizure medication. Pearson correlation significance was examined at 95% level of significance for p-values corrected for multiple comparisons. Results: Overall, mixed cases reported experiencing a significantly lower number of physical symptoms compared to PNES cases (p = 0.018). The heart rate of PNES cases was significantly lower than that of mixed cases during the attacks (p = 0.003). ES patients exhibited the highest heart rate of all three groups and a greater degree of postictal confusion (adjusted p = 0.003 and p < 0.001, respectively) compared to those with PNES. There was no statistically significant difference in episode length between mixed and ES cases, while PNES patients had significantly longer episode duration (p = 0.021) compared to the mixed group. We noted that 81.6% of PNES patients were taking at least one anti-seizure medication. Conclusion: Patients with mixed seizures seem to be part of a spectrum between ES and PNES cases. Mixed cases are more similar to the ES group with regard to episode length and number of symptoms reported. In the PNES cohort, we found an over-reporting of ictal symptoms (e.g. palpitations, diaphoresis) disproportionate to recorded heart rate, which is lower in PNES than in epileptic attacks. This seems consistent with PNES cases experiencing a degree of impaired interoceptive processing, as part of a functional disorder spectrum. We noted that there was tendency for overmedication in the PNES group. The need for ‘de-prescribing’ should be addressed with measures that include better liaison with the community care team. With regard to potential autonomic dysregulation in the mixed cases, it might be interesting to see if vagus nerve stimulation could be accompanied by normalization of cardiovascular physiology parameters for people with both epileptic and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of eslicarbazepine acetate as a first or later adjunctive therapy in patients with focal seizures$$$ Introduction: We report outcomes from an open-label, non-randomized, 24-week study of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) in adults at earlier and later stages of their treatment history for focal seizures, conducted in a real-world clinical setting. Methods: ESL was taken as the first adjunctive therapy to levetiracetam (LEV) or lamotrigine (LTG) monotherapy (Arm 1), or as a later adjunctive therapy in treatment-resistant patients (Arm 2). The primary objective was to evaluate the effectiveness of ESL (by retention rates). Secondary objectives were to evaluate efficacy (seizure frequency), safety, tolerability, behavioral changes, mood, and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) associated with ESL treatment. Results: The modified intent-to-treat population included 96 patients (Arm 1: n = 41; Arm 2: n = 55) and the safety population included 102 patients (Arm 1: n = 44; Arm 2: n = 58). Overall, 81.8 % of patients in Arm 1 and 63.8 % of patients in Arm 2 completed the 24-week maintenance period. Median reductions in standardized seizure frequency (SSF) were markedly higher in Arm 1 (72.8 %) than Arm 2 (22.8 %), as were responder rates (≥50 % reduction in SSF; Arm 1: 62.5 %; Arm 2: 38.5 %) and rates of seizure freedom (Arm 1: 25.0 %; Arm 2: 9.6 %). Efficacy outcomes were generally more favorable in patients taking ESL in combination with LEV versus other anti-seizure medications (ASMs). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs; 81 % vs 73 %) and TEAEs leading to discontinuation (16 % vs 2 %) were reported more frequently in Arm 2 than Arm 1, respectively. Serious adverse events were reported infrequently (Arm 1: 0; Arm 2: 7 %). The most common TEAEs were dizziness, nausea, headache, somnolence, fatigue, nasopharyngitis, vomiting, and anxiety. There were no notable changes in depressive symptoms, mood status, or aggression throughout the study. Health and HRQoL scores were generally high at baseline and did not change throughout the study. However, on average, both clinicians and patients perceived improvement in illness over the course of the study. Conclusions: ESL was effective and well tolerated both as the first adjunctive therapy to either of the most prescribed first-line ASMs, LEV or LTG, and as a later adjunctive therapy in treatment-resistant patients. ER  - 
A novel ATP1A2 variant associated with severe stepwise regression, hemiplegia, epilepsy and movement disorders in two unrelated patients$$$ Pathogenic variants in ATP1A2, a gene encoding the α subunit of the Na,K-ATPase, cause familial hemiplegic migraine type 2 (FHM2). In contrast, pathogenic variants in ATP1A3, an ATP1A2 paralog, cause alternating hemiplegia of childhood (AHC), a severe neurodevelopmental disorder with infantile onset hemiplegic attacks, seizures, dystonia, chorea and developmental delay. Despite high sequence homology with ATP1A3, ATP1A2 variants rarely associate with severe phenotypes resembling those linked to ATP1A3. Here we describe two unrelated patients with infantile onset hemiplegic attacks, refractory epilepsy, movement disorders, abnormal eye movements and truncal ataxia with a shared de novo variant in ATP1A2, c.2438T > A (p.Met813Lys). The variant is not found in population databases, is predicted to be damaging by in silico analysis, and affects a highly conserved residue. Both patients experienced severe attacks with unilateral cerebral edema followed by sustained, stepwise regression. This report highlights the need to sequence ATP1A2 in the workup of patients with features of AHC that do not fulfill AHC diagnostic criteria. ER  - 
Ethnic inequalities in health-related quality of life among older adults in England: secondary analysis of a national cross-sectional survey$$$ Background: The population of older adults (ie, those aged ≥55 years) in England is becoming increasingly ethnically diverse. Previous reports indicate that ethnic inequalities in health exist among older adults, but information is limited by the paucity of data from small minority ethnic groups. This study aimed to analyse inequalities in health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and five determinants of health in older adults across all ethnic groups in England. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, we analysed data from five waves (July 1, 2014, to April 7, 2017) of the nationally representative English General Practice Patient Survey (GPPS). Study participants were adults aged 55 years or older who were registered with general practices in England. We used regression models (age-adjusted and stratified by gender) to estimate the association between ethnicity and HRQoL, measured by use of the EQ-5D-5L index and its domains (mobility, self-care, usual activities, pain or discomfort, and anxiety or depression). We also estimated associations between ethnicity and five determinants of health (presence of long-term conditions or multimorbidity, experience of primary care, degree of support from local services, patient self-confidence in managing own health, and degree of area-level social deprivation). We examined robustness to differential handling of missing data, alternative EQ-5D-5L value sets, and differences in area-level social deprivation. Findings: There were 1 416 793 GPPS respondents aged 55 years and older. 1 394 361 (98·4%) respondents had complete data on ethnicity and gender and were included in our analysis. Of these, 152 710 (11·0%) self-identified as belonging to minority ethnic groups. HRQoL was worse for men or women, or both, in 15 (88·2%) of 17 minority ethnic groups than the White British ethnic group. In both men and women, inequalities were widest for Gypsy or Irish Traveller (linear regression coefficient −0·192 [95% CI −0·318 to −0·066] in men; −0·264 [–0·354 to −0·173] in women), Bangladeshi (−0·111 [–0·136 to −0·087] in men; −0·209 [–0·235 to −0·184] in women), Pakistani (−0·084 [–0·096 to −0·073] in men; −0·206 [–0·219 to −0·193] in women), and Arab (−0·061 [–0·086 to −0·035] in men; −0·145 [–0·180 to −0·110] in women) ethnic groups, with magnitudes generally greater for women than men. Differentials tended to be widest for the self-care EQ-5D-5L domain. Ethnic inequalities in HRQoL were accompanied by increased prevalence of long-term conditions or multimorbidity, poor experiences of primary care, insufficient support from local services, low patient self-confidence in managing their own health, and high area-level social deprivation, compared with the White British group. Interpretation: We found evidence of wide ethnic inequalities in HRQoL and five determinants of health for older adults in England. Outcomes varied between minority ethnic groups, highlighting heterogeneity in the direction and magnitude of associations. We recommend further research to understand the drivers of inequalities, together with policy changes to improve equity of socioeconomic opportunity and access to services for older adults from minority ethnic groups. Funding: University of Manchester and National Institute for Health Research. ER  - 
Epilepsy, dissociative seizures, and mixed: Associations with time to video-EEG$$$ Purpose: Video-electroencephalographic monitoring (VEM) is a core component to the diagnosis and evaluation of epilepsy and dissociative seizures (DS)—also known as functional or psychogenic seizures—but VEM evaluation often occurs later than recommended. To understand why delays occur, we compared how patient-reported clinical factors were associated with time from first seizure to VEM (TVEM) in patients with epilepsy, DS or mixed. Methods: We acquired data from 1245 consecutive patients with epilepsy, VEM-documented DS or mixed epilepsy and DS. We used multivariate log-normal regression with recursive feature elimination (RFE) to evaluate which of 76 clinical factors interacting with patients’ diagnoses were associated with TVEM. Results: The mean and median TVEM were 14.6 years and 10 years, respectively (IQR 3–23 years). In the multivariate RFE model, the factors associated with longer TVEM in all patients included unemployment and not student status, more antiseizure medications (current and past), concussion, and ictal behavior suggestive of temporal lobe epilepsy. Average TVEM was shorter for DS than epilepsy, particularly for patients with depression, anxiety, migraines, and eye closure. Average TVEM was longer specifically for patients with DS taking more medications, more seizure types, non-metastatic cancer, and with other psychiatric comorbidities. Conclusions: In all patients with seizures, trials of numerous antiseizure medications, unemployment and non-student status was associated with longer TVEM. These associations highlight a disconnect between International League Against Epilepsy practice parameters and observed referral patterns in epilepsy. In patients with dissociative seizures, some but not all factors classically associated with DS reduced TVEM. ER  - 
Factors associated with delay to video-EEG in dissociative seizures$$$ Purpose: While certain clinical factors suggest a diagnosis of dissociative seizures (DS), otherwise known as functional or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), ictal video-electroencephalography monitoring (VEM) is the gold standard for diagnosis. Diagnostic delays were associated with worse quality of life and more seizures, even after treatment. To understand why diagnoses were delayed, we evaluated which factors were associated with delay to VEM. Methods: Using data from 341 consecutive patients with VEM-documented dissociative seizures, we used multivariate log-normal regression with recursive feature elimination (RFE) and multiple imputation of some missing data to evaluate which of 76 clinical factors were associated with time from first dissociative seizure to VEM. Results: The mean delay to VEM was 8.4 years (median 3 years, IQR 1–10 years). In the RFE multivariate model, the factors associated with longer delay to VEM included more past antiseizure medications (0.19 log-years/medication, standard error (SE) 0.05), more medications for other medical conditions (0.06 log-years/medication, SE 0.03), history of physical abuse (0.75 log-years, SE 0.27), and more seizure types (0.36 log-years/type, SE 0.11). Factors associated with shorter delay included active employment or student status (-1.05 log-years, SE 0.21) and higher seizure frequency (0.14 log-years/log[seizure/month], SE 0.06). Conclusions: Patients with greater medical and seizure complexity had longer delays. Delays in multiple domains of healthcare can be common for victims of physical abuse. Unemployed and non-student patients may have had more barriers to access VEM. These results support earlier referral of complex cases to a comprehensive epilepsy center. ER  - 
Valproic Acid (VPA) as a Benzodiazepine- and Antipsychotic-Sparing Treatment for Agitation Associated with Hyperactive Delirium (SCI935)$$$ Objectives: 1. Recognize the use of valproic acid to treat agitation associated with hyperactive delirium. 2. Describe overview treatment of hyperactive delirium and recent trials of the use of antipsychotics. Background: Antipsychotics and benzodiazepines are prescribed for hyperactive delirium despite their side effects and lack of supportive evidence.1-4 VPA improves agitation without QTc prolongation, excessive sedation or parkinsonism in bipolar disorders.5-7 However, high quality evidence for this is lacking in hyperactive delirium. Research Objectives: To evaluate the use of VPA for the management of agitation associated with hyperactive delirium. Methods: Retrospective review of inpatients seen by palliative medicine from October 2019 to April 2020 who received VPA for at least 48 hours for the management of agitation due to delirium/acute encephalopathy. We excluded patients who had VPA for seizures or bipolar disorders. Agitation response was categorized as: better, worse or unchanged based on documentation from the progress notes at day 3 and 5 after VPA initiation. We evaluated the concomitant use of benzodiazepines and antipsychotics starting 24 hours before VPA initiation and up to 3 days after. Results: We identified 23 cases. Mean age was 76.5 (44-93). 11 patients were women. 10 patients had cancer and 5 had dementia. Mean daily VPA dose was 1036 mg. 13/19 (68%) and 10/13 (77%) of patients had improvement of agitation at day 3 and 5, respectively. Five patients developed somnolence; however, it was considered an appropriate response given the goal of comfort in the dying process and VPA was not discontinued. No other side effects were reported. 13/23 did not require any benzodiazepines and 13/23 had no antipsychotics. 11 patients were already on comfort measures or had comfort measures initiated within 24 hours of initial VPA dose. Average length of stay was 12 days (3-36). 12 patients were discharged and 11 died in the hospital. Conclusion: VPA is an alternative to antipsychotics and benzodiazepines in the management of agitation in palliative care patients with delirium. Implications for Research, Policy, or Practice: A prospective research study should be conducted to prove effect of VPA. ER  - 
Resource use by hospital type for frequent inpatient pediatric conditions$$$ BACKGROUND: Children’s hospitals (CHs) deliver care to underserved, critically ill, and medically complex patients. However, non-CHs care for the majority of children with frequently occurring conditions. In this study, we aimed to examine resource use across hospitals where children receive care for frequent inpatient conditions. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional, observational analysis of pediatric hospitalizations for 8 frequent inpatient conditions (pneumonia, asthma, bronchiolitis, mood disorders, appendicitis, epilepsy, skin and soft tissue infections, and fluid and electrolyte disorders) in the 2016 Kids’ Inpatient Database. Primary outcomes were median length of stay (LOS) and median total cost. The primary independent variable was hospital type: nonchildren’s, nonteaching; nonchildren’s, teaching (NCT); and freestanding CHs. Multivariable linear regression was used to assess differences in mean LOS and costs. RESULTS: There were 354 456 pediatric discharges for frequent inpatient conditions. NCT hospitals cared for more than one-half of all frequent inpatient conditions. CHs and NCT hospitals cared for the majority of patients with higher illness severity and medical complexity. After controlling for patient and hospital factors, discharges for frequent inpatient conditions at CHs had 0.48% longer mean LOS and 61% greater costs compared with NCT hospitals (P, .01). CONCLUSIONS: CHs revealed higher estimated costs in caring for frequent inpatient conditions despite controlling for patient- and hospital-level factors but also cared for higher illness severity and medical complexity. Further research is warranted to explore whether we lack sufficient measures to control for patient-level factors and whether higher costs are justified by the specialized care at CHs. ER  - 
Clinico-biochemical study of the safety and tolerability of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssri) with special reference to ssri induced hyponatremia in humans and animals$$$ Introduction: Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs) are recommended as first-line anti-depressants in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) because of their relatively benign safety profile. Hyponatremia is under reported and notorious adverse effect of SSRIs shown by few Randomised Clinical Trials (RCTs). There are only few published studies of SSRIs on serum sodium level in human and animal model. Aim: To determine SSRI induced hyponatremia in human and its correlation with age. Materials and Methods: The clinical part is a prospective cohort study whereas second part is experimental study involving animals. In clinical part-Patients of either sex, aged above 18 years, attending the Out-Patient Department (OPD) of Psychiatry of a tertiary hospital and diagnosed as MDD Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM) V with the help of a senior psychiatrist, were screened and recruited in the study after satisfying the inclusion and exclusion criteria by consecutive sampling. Patients were prescribed fluoxetine (n=90), sertraline (n=55), paroxetine (n=30) and escitalopram (n=25). Parameters recorded (serum sodium) at baseline, 4th week, 8th week and 12th week. Symptoms due to hyponatremia and Adverse Drug Reactions (ADR) were also checked. Multiple group comparison at different visits for sodium level was done using one-way ANOVA and repeated measures ANOVA test and relationship of blood sodium level with age were estimated with bivariate correlation. Animal experiment was done in Pharmacology Department, animals were randomised into 5 groups control, fluoxetine, sertraline, paroxetine and escitalopram (n=6). Blood sodium checked at baseline, 2nd week and 4th week. Kruskal Wallis test and Friedman's test done to detect changes in sodium level in follow-up period. Results: Mean age ranged between 40-50 years with equal gender distribution. Both within group and between group analysis revealed significant difference in blood sodium level (p-value< 0.0001). Hyponatremia was strongly correlated with age (correlation coefficient >-0.783). Most participants (184 out of 200) developed asymptomatic hyponatremia. Two among sertraline developed seizure leading to discontinuation to therapy. About 72 (38.09%) ADRs belonged to probable, mostly belonging to fluoxetine and sertraline group, developement of hyponatremia was 9 days (median) from starting SSRI. In animal part within group analysis revealed significant change of sodium from baseline in all drug treated animals (p-value<0.0001). Conclusion: SSRI is associated with hyponatremia and is common in elderly patients. Monitoring of serum sodium is necessary for patients on SSRI. ER  - 
Effectiveness of gabapentin compared to acetaminophen for pain control in postpartum patients following vaginal delivery in Phramongkutklao Hospital$$$ Objective: The study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of pain reduction between acetaminophen and gabapentin among postpartum patients, who undergo vaginal delivery. Materials and Methods: The present research was a randomized-controlled trial, enrolling term pregnant women with informed consent, who came to Phramongkutklao Hospital for vaginal delivery, between October 10, 2019 and March 15, 2020. Women with acetaminophen or gabapentin allergy, previously diagnosed with mood disorder or epilepsy, undergoing operative vaginal delivery, receiving epidural block or pudendal nerve block, not being able to understand Thai or English, need for general anesthesia, and taking other sedative agents within two hours before delivery were excluded. The participants were randomized into two groups by blocks of four and took medications, which were oral acetaminophen (500 mg) or gabapentin (300 mg). The medication was given at 30 minutes and six hours after delivery and the visual analog scale (VAS) was assessed at 30 minutes, 2-, 6-, and 12-hours. Side effects of each medication were also obtained. After 24 hours, postpartum depression was evaluated, using the Edinburgh postnatal depression scale. Data were statistically analyzed using SPSS and manifest mean ± standard deviation (SD). Results: Two hundred twenty patients randomly received either gabapentin (n=110) or acetaminophen (n=110). The VAS reduction of both groups and postpartum depression rate did not differ significantly (p=0.428). Women, taking gabapentin complained more about dizziness. Moreover, those taking acetaminophen experienced more drowsiness (p=0.757). Conclusion: Gabapentin and acetaminophen are not different, considering the effectiveness of pain control. In addition, side effects and efficacy of postpartum depression decrease were mostly similar. ER  - 
Prevalence of comorbidities in a surgical pectus excavatum population$$$ Background: Pectus excavatum is the most common chest wall deformity and is associated to various connective tissue, cardiopulmonary, and skeletal abnormalities. Several conditions and syndromes have been associated to pectus excavatum, although the overall health implications of the pectus excavatum phenotype are unclear. Therefore, in this study we aimed to examine the health implications of the pectus excavatum phenotype by assessing all comorbidities and previous medical conditions in a cohort of patients undergoing pectus excavatum surgery. Methods: This single-centre retrospective prevalence study included 1,046 patients undergoing minimal invasive repair of pectus excavatum from 2001 to 2012. Hospital medical charts were assessed and comorbidities and previous medical conditions were registered systematically and categorized according to the affected organ system. Results: In our study population of 1,046 patients, we registered 623 conditions. The median age was 17 years and the majority of patients (56%) had no previous or present conditions. Notable prevalence of asthma (8.8%), allergies (12.3%), previous hernia surgery (5.2%), and psychiatric conditions (4.9%) were found. Conclusions: The majority of patients undergoing pectus excavatum surgery have no comorbidities or previous medical conditions. It seems that this patient category is comparable to the background population in this regard and our findings do not support screening this patient category for associated conditions. ER  - 
Drug survival rates and reasons for drug discontinuation in patients with atopic dermatitis: a retrospective study of adult outpatients$$$ Background: Treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD) can be challenging and little is known about the sustainability of on- and off-label prescribed systemic therapies. Objectives: To compare drug survival (DS) rates and reasons for drug discontinuation of cyclosporine A (CyA), dupilumab (DUP), azathioprine (AZA), methotrexate (MTX) and mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) prescribed under real-world conditions. Materials & Methods: In this retrospective study, 139 treatment courses for 94 adults with AD treated at two German dermatology departments were analysed. Results: Based on Cox regressions with CyA as reference category, hazard ratios for treatment discontinuation were 0.10 for DUP, 0.87 for MTX, 0.98 for MMF, and 1.18 for AZA. CyA, AZA, and MTX were most frequently interrupted due to adverse events, and MMF due to non-compliance. Only one patient (6.3%) discontinued DUP before the end of the observation period, which was due to ineffectiveness. Conclusion: Systemic therapies for AD differ with regards to DS and reasons leading to treatment withdrawal; this should be considered in real-life practice. ER  - 
Research paper: Prevalence of opioid poisoning and related factors in under 17-year-olds$$$ Background: Poisoning is among the leading causes of childhood injuries. With the increasing prevalence of substance dependence in the community, there is a rise in the frequency of children admitted to hospitals with drug intoxication. Therefore, we investigated the prevalence of acute opioids poisoning in children. Methods: The present cross-sectional study was performed on children under 17 years of age who were admitted to Sabzevar hospitals with a diagnosis of opioids poisoning. A researcher-made checklist was used for data collection, including the patient's age, gender, intoxication agent, drug consumption route and form, hospitalization length and outcome, family's educational level, occupational status, and living area. Besides, descriptive tests were used in SPSS to analyze the obtained data. Results: In total, 129 cases of opioids poisoning were reported during the study period. The mean±SD age of the studied children was 2.74±3.05 years. The minimum and maximum ages of poisoned children were 1 and 16 years, respectively. The liquid-soluble form was the most common form of opioids used (38.3%). Opium was also the most commonly used substance (68.45%). In 85 (65.89%) children, a decrease in Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) was observed at baseline. Moreover, 7 of the explored children have died. Besides, 90.7% of their fathers and 95.3% of their mothers had an educational level of a diploma or below. The most common factor associated with opium poisoning was the family's substance dependence in 120 (93%) cases. Substance dependence in children was mostly observed in those aged 3-5 years. Conclusion: Poisoning with opium is the most common type of children's opioid poisoning in Sabzevar. A decreased level of consciousness is the most frequent manifestations in these patients. Therefore, in all children, by observing a sudden decrease in the level of consciousness without apparent reasons, especially along with other symptoms, such as acute diarrhea, restlessness, etc., it is recommended to consider opioids poisoning. ER  - 
Outcomes of Youth Treated With Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Background: The use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in children and adolescents is based on a limited evidence base in the medical literature. We report outcomes of a cohort of youth treated with ECT at a single US academic medical center. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review and analysis of all patients aged 18 years and younger who received ECT at the University of Utah from 1985 through 2016. For each patient record, 3 short-term clinical outcomes were assessed: response on the Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement scale, number of treatments administered, and reported side effects. Baseline characteristics were tested as predictors of clinical outcomes. Results: One hundred seven youth (aged 10-18 years, 46% female) received ECT for a mood disorder, psychotic disorder, catatonia, or neuroleptic malignant syndrome. The most common diagnoses (DSM-IV-TR or DSM-5) were major depressive disorder (76 patients) and bipolar disorder (23 patients). The rate of response (much improved or very much improved) for the entire cohort was 77%. The mean number of treatments administered was 10.5. The most commonly reported side effects were headache (75%) and memory problems (65%). One patient experienced tardive seizures. There were no deaths or serious injuries. Clinical response was not predicted by age, sex, or clinical features (all P > .05). Conclusions: These data suggest that ECT is a safe and effective treatment for children and adolescents with certain severe psychiatric illnesses. ECT outcomes and side effects were similar to those reported in adults, particularly for patients aged 15-18 years, for whom there are the most data. ER  - 
Predictive Factors for Returning to Work in Burn Adult Patients That Were Working Before Their Injury$$$ The goal of this study was to identify predictive factors that influence return to work in burn patients treated at the National Center for Burn Care and Research at the National Institute of Rehabilitation (CENIAQ) in México City. This is a retrospective case-control study that included all burn patients of working age (16-91 years old), treated between January 2011 and December 2013. Patients were divided into two groups: unemployed (no work group) and those who returned to work (RTW). The statistical analysis was performed by a logistic regression univariate and multivariate analysis. A total of 210 subjects were included in the study. The mean age was 38 ± 15 years and 66.7% of them were male. One hundred sixty-five patients (79.6%) were able to return to work after treatment. Through univariate analysis it was found that the predictive factors for not returning to work after injury were: education lower than elementary school (OR: 3.59; CI 95%: 1.79-7.32); history of epilepsy prior to burn injury (OR: 10.18; CI 95%: 1.9-54.43); total burned surface area (TBSA) ≥20% (OR: 2.87; CI 95%: 1.46-5.64); third-degree burns (OR: 2.64; CI 95%: 1.32-5.29); hospital stay ≥20 days (OR: 2.8; CI 95%: 1.47-5.68); length of stay in the burn intensive care unit (OR: 2.5; CI 95%: 1.25-4.97); secondary infection (OR: 2.24; CI 95%: 1.15-4.38); amputations (one or more regardless of amputation level; OR: 8; CI 95%: 2.52-25.30); burn of the upper extremity (shoulder; OR: 2.21; CI 95%: 0.97-5.03); thigh (OR: 2.41; CI 95%: 1.32-5.14); and knee (OR: 2.81; CI 95%: 1.21-6.55). Some of these factors have never been reported by other authors. ER  - 
Electroencephalographic Findings in Pediatric Patients with Anti-N - Methyl-D-Aspartate Receptor Encephalitis: The San Diego Experience$$$ Diagnosing anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis clinically can be challenging. There is a growing interest in identifying specific electroencephalographic features to help guide early management. A retrospective chart review was conducted of pediatric patients admitted to Rady Children's Hospital between January 1, 2010 and April 1, 2017. We included patients with the diagnosis of encephalitis who underwent continuous video electroencephalogram (VEEG) for at least 12 hours, and presented with less than 14 days of symptoms. We compared the electroencephalographic features of non-rapid eye movement (NREM) sleep between patients with antibody confirmed anti-NMDAR encephalitis and patients with encephalitis from other etiologies. We identified seven patients who met our inclusion criteria, five of whom were diagnosed with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Four of the five patients had a significant reduction in NREM sleep, while one patient had increased NREM sleep associated with clinical catatonia and hypersomnolence. Sleep was preserved in the two cases of nonimmune mediated encephalitis. Our results suggest that a prolonged VEEG to capture sleep coupled with clinical features can aid in early diagnosis and treatment of anti-NMDAR encephalitis, often before confirmatory antibody testing is available. ER  - 
Does the first hour of continuous electroencephalography predict neonatal seizures?$$$ Objective Prolonged continuous video-electroencephalography (cEEG) is recommended for neonates at risk of seizures. The cost and expertise required to provide a real-time response to detected seizures often limits its utility. We hypothesised that the first hour of cEEG could predict subsequent seizures. Design and setting Retrospective multicentre diagnostic accuracy study. Patients 266 term neonates at risk of seizure or with suspected seizures. Intervention The first hour of cEEG was graded by expert and novice interpreters as normal, mildly, moderately or severely abnormal; seizures were identified. Main outcome measures Association between abnormalities in the first hour of cEEG and the presence of seizures during total cEEG monitoring. Results 50/98 (51%) of neonates who developed seizures had their first seizure in the first hour of cEEG monitoring. The € time-to-event' risk of seizure from 0 to 96 hours was 0.38 (95% CI 0.32 to 0.44) while the risk in the first hour was 0.19 (95% CI 0.15 to 0.24). cEEG background was normal in 48% of neonates, mildly abnormal in 30%, moderately abnormal in 13% and severely abnormal in 9%. Inter-rater agreement for determination of background was very good (weighted kappa=0.81, 95% CI 0.72 to 0.91). When neonates with seizures during the first hour were excluded, an abnormal background resulted in 2.4 times increased risk of seizures during the subsequent monitoring period (95% CI 1.3 to 4.4, p<0.003) while a severely abnormal background resulted in a sevenfold increased risk (95% CI 3.4 to 14.3, p<0.0001). Conclusions The first hour of cEEG in at-risk neonates is useful in identifying and predicting whether seizures occur during cEEG monitoring up to 96 hours. This finding enables identification of high-risk neonates who require closer observation. ER  - 
Enabling cost-effective population health monitoring by exploiting spatiotemporal correlation$$$ Because of its important role in health policy-shaping, population health monitoring (PHM) is considered a fundamental block for public health services. However, traditional public health data collection approaches, such as clinic-visit-based data integration or health surveys, could be very costly and time-consuming. To address this challenge, this article proposes a cost-effective approach called Compressive Population Health (CPH), where a subset of a given area is selected in terms of regions within the area for data collection in the traditional way, while leveraging inherent spatial correlations of neighboring regions to perform data inference for the rest of the area. By alternating selected regions longitudinally, this approach can validate and correct previously assessed spatial correlations. To verify whether the idea of CPH is feasible, we conduct an in-depth study based on spatiotemporal morbidity rates of chronic diseases in more than 500 regions around London for over 10 years. We introduce our CPH approach and present three extensive analytical studies. The first confirms that significant spatiotemporal correlations do exist. In the second study, by deploying multiple state-of-The-Art data recovery algorithms, we verify that these spatiotemporal correlations can be leveraged to do data inference accurately using only a small number of samples. Finally, we compare different methods for region selection for traditional data collection and show how such methods can further reduce the overall cost while maintaining high PHM quality. ER  - 
A Pharmacoepidemiologic Approach to Evaluate Real-world Effectiveness of Hormonal Contraceptives in the Presence of Drug-drug Interactions$$$ Background: Accurate estimation of conception is critical in the assessment of the effects of drugs used during pregnancy or to prevent pregnancy. In a novel application, we studied the effectiveness of oral contraceptives (OCs), where misclassification of conception relative to OC exposure may obscure effect estimates. Methods: We studied OC failure, in a large claims database, among women who used antiepileptic drugs with metabolizing enzyme-inducing properties (carbamazepine or oxcarbazepine), which reduce OC's effectiveness or enzyme-neutral properties (lamotrigine or levetiracetam), with no expected impact on OC effectiveness. We compared conception rates in women 12-48 years of age concomitantly using OCs and enzyme-inducing drugs with rates in concomitant users of OCs and enzyme-neutral drugs. We measured conception with a validated algorithm that estimates gestational age based on pregnancy endpoints. We estimated relative and attributable risk using generalized estimating equation models after standardized mortality ratio weighting. Results: We identified 89,777 concomitant use episodes with adjusted contraceptive failure rates of 1.6 (95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.4, 1.8) per 100 person-years among users of enzyme-neutral drugs and 18,964 episodes with a rate of 2.3 (1.9, 2.8) among users of enzyme-inducing drugs. The relative risk of conception for enzyme-inducing group was 1.4 (1.1, 1.8), and the rate difference was 0.7 (0.2, 1.2). Conclusions: OCs in combination with antiepileptic drugs that interact with metabolic enzymes were associated with increased contraceptive failure rates. Measurement of conception in claims data had adequate accuracy to uncover a strong drug-drug interaction, offering promise for broader application in comparative effectiveness studies on hormonal contraceptives to inform clinical and regulatory decisionmaking. ER  - 
Effect of High-Dose Baclofen on Agitation-Related Events among Patients with Unhealthy Alcohol Use Receiving Mechanical Ventilation: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Unhealthy alcohol use can lead to agitation in the intensive care unit (ICU). Objective: To assess whether high-dose baclofen reduces agitation-related events compared with placebo in patients with unhealthy alcohol use receiving mechanical ventilation. Design, Settings, and Participants: This phase 3, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial conducted in 18 ICUs in France recruited adults receiving mechanical ventilation who met criteria for unhealthy alcohol use. Patients were enrolled from June 2016 to February 2018; the last follow-up was in May 2019. Interventions: Baclofen (n = 159), adjusted from 50 to 150 mg per day based on estimated glomerular filtration rate, or placebo (n = 155) during mechanical ventilation up to a maximum of 15 days before gradual dose reduction over 3 to 6 days. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary end point was the percentage of patients with at least 1 agitation-related event over the treatment period. Secondary outcomes included duration of mechanical ventilation, length of ICU stay, and 28-day mortality. Results: Among 314 patients who were randomized (mean age, 57 years; 60 [17.2%] women), 313 (99.7%) completed the trial. There was a statistically significant decrease in the percentage of patients who experienced at least 1 agitation-related event in the baclofen group vs the placebo group (31 [19.7%] vs 46 [29.7%]; difference, -9.93% [95% CI, -19.45% to -0.42%]; adjusted odds ratio, 0.59 [95% CI, 0.35-0.99]). Of 18 prespecified secondary end points, 14 were not significantly different. Compared with the placebo group, the baclofen group had a significantly longer median length of mechanical ventilation (9 vs 8 days; difference, 2.00 [95% CI, 0.00-3.00]; hazard ratio [HR] for extubation, 0.76 [95% CI, 0.60-0.97]) and stay in the ICU (14 vs 11 days; difference, 2.00 [95% CI, 0.00-4.00]; HR for discharge, 0.70 [95% CI, 0.54-0.90]). At 28 days, there was no significant difference in mortality in the baclofen vs placebo group (25.3% vs 21.6%; adjusted odds ratio, 1.24 [95% CI, 0.72-2.13]). Delayed awakening (no eye opening at 72 hours after cessation of sedatives and analgesics) occurred in 14 patients (8.9%) in the baclofen group vs 3 (1.9%) in the placebo group. Conclusions and Relevance: Among patients with unhealthy alcohol use receiving mechanical ventilation, treatment with high-dose baclofen, compared with placebo, resulted in a statistically significant reduction in agitation-related events. However, considering the modest effect and the totality of findings for the secondary end points and adverse events, further research is needed to determine the possible role of baclofen in this setting and to potentially optimize dosing. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02723383. ER  - 
Genetic Effects of the Schizophrenia-Related Gene DTNBP1 in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy$$$ Recent studies have reported patients who concurrently exhibit conditions of epilepsy and schizophrenia, indicating certain shared pathologies between them. This study aimed to investigate the genetic effects of the schizophrenia-related gene DTNBP1 in temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). A total of 496 TLE patients and 528 healthy individuals were successfully genotyped for six DTNBP1 polymorphisms (rs760665, rs1011313, rs2619528, rs2619522, rs909706, and rs2619538), including 335 TLE patients and 325 healthy controls in cohort 1, and 161 TLE patients and 203 healthy controls in cohort 2. The frequency of the TT genotype at rs909706 T > C was lower in TLE patients than in normal controls in the initial cohort (cohort 1), which was confirmed in an independent cohort (cohort 2). However, the intronic T allele failed to be in linkage disequilibrium (LD) with any functional variations nearby; thus, together with the CCAC and TCAT haplotypes (rs1011313-rs2619528-rs2619522-rs909706) observed in the study, this allele acts only as a protective factor against susceptibility to TLE. Meanwhile, a novo mutant allele rs2619538 T > A was exclusively observed in TLE patients, and a dual-luciferase assay revealed that the mutant allele was increased by approximately 22% in the DTNBP2 promoter compared with the wild-type allele. Together with the trend of increasing DTNBP1 expression in epilepsy patients and animal models in this study, these are the first findings to demonstrate the genetic association of DTNBP1 with TLE. Homozygous mutation of rs2619538 T > A likely promotes DTNBP1 expression and facilitates subsequent processes in epilepsy pathologies. Thus, the role of DTNBP1 in TLE deserves further exploration in the future. ER  - 
Neuronal Surface Antibody-Medicated Autoimmune Encephalitis (Limbic Encephalitis) in China: A Multiple-Center, Retrospective Study$$$ Objective: The epidemiological characteristics of patients with antibody-medicated autoimmune encephalitis in China remain unclear, and a large-scale epidemiological survey is necessary. Methods: A multiple-center retrospective study was performed. We collected 1,047 patients with suspected autoimmune encephalitis and ultimately enrolled 778 defined patients across centers in China. All patients were positive for serum [or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF)] antibodies. Demographic information and clinical data from January 2014 to January 2019 from 22 centers in China were reviewed. Results: A total of 778 patients with autoimmune encephalitis were enrolled in the study. In general, the ratio of males to females was ~1.2:1. The main subtypes of autoimmune encephalitis were NMDAR-AE (61.35%), LGI-1-AE (20.61%), and GABAbR-AE (12.40%). According to the characteristics of age of onset, the incidence of autoimmune encephalitis showed a “double peak” distribution entailing a 20-year-old age group and a 60-year-old age group. We next analyzed the proportion of patients with tumors in this cohort. More specifically, there were 34 patients with tumors and 85 with tumor marker positivity. Relapse occurred in 81 patients within at least 1 year's follow up study: 52 with NMDAR-AE (18.2%); 19 with LGI-1-AE (16.8%); 5 with GABAbR-AE (9%); and 3 with CASPR2-AE. Interpretation: Due to the vast differences in demographic features, the incidence of cancer and the genetic characteristics between the populations in China and Western countries, the demographics, sex distribution, concomitant tumor rate, clinical features, and relapse characteristics associated with autoimmune encephalitis in China shows a similar profile with Western countries with some minor differences. ER  - 
Intravenous Ketamine Bolus(es) for the Treatment of Status Epilepticus, Refractory Status Epilepticus, and Cluster Seizures: A Retrospective Study of 15 Dogs$$$ Status epilepticus (SE) and cluster seizures (CS) are common occurrences in veterinary neurology and frequent reasons of admission to veterinary hospitals. With prolonged seizure activity, gamma amino-butyric acid (GABA) receptors (GABAa receptors) become inactive, leading to a state of pharmacoresistance to benzodiazepines and other GABAergic medications, which is called refractory status epilepticus (RSE). Prolonged seizure activity is also associated with overexpression of N-methyl-D-aspartic (NMDA) receptors. Rodent models have shown the efficacy of ketamine (KET) in treating RSE, and its use has been reported in one canine case of RSE. Boluses of KET 5 mg/kg IV have become the preferred treatment for RSE in our hospital. A retrospective study was performed to evaluate and report our experience with KET IV bolus to treat prolonged and/or repeated seizure activity in cases of canine CS, SE, and RSE. A total of 15 dogs were retrieved, for 20 hospitalizations and 28 KET IV injections over 3 years. KET IV boluses were used 12 times for RSE (9 generalized seizures, 3 focal seizures) and KET terminated the episode of RSE 12/12 times (100%); however, seizures recurred 4/12 times (33%) within ≤6 h of KET IV bolus. When used for CS apart from episodes of RSE, KET IV bolus was associated with termination of the CS episode only 4/14 times (29%). Only 4/28 (14%) KET IV boluses were associated with adverse effects imputable only to the use of KET. One dog experienced a short, self-limited seizure activity during administration of KET IV, which was most likely related to a pre-mature use of KET IV (i.e., before GABAergic resistance and NMDA receptor overexpression had taken place). This study indicates that KET 5 mg/kg IV bolus may be successful for the treatment of RSE in dogs. ER  - 
Cerebrospinal Fluid Features in Patients with Coronavirus Disease 2019 and Neurological Manifestations: Correlation with Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging Findings in 58 Patients$$$ Background: Neurological manifestations are common in patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), but little is known about pathophysiological mechanisms. In this single-center study, we examined neurological manifestations in 58 patients, including cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis and neuroimaging findings. Methods: The study included 58 patients with COVID-19 and neurological manifestations in whom severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction screening and on CSF analysis were performed. Clinical, laboratory, and brain magnetic resonance (MR) imaging data were retrospectively collected and analyzed. Results: Patients were mostly men (66%), with a median age of 62 years. Encephalopathy was frequent (81%), followed by pyramidal dysfunction (16%), seizures (10%), and headaches (5%). CSF protein and albumin levels were increased in 38% and 23%, respectively. A total of 40% of patients displayed an elevated albumin quotient, suggesting impaired blood-brain barrier integrity. CSF-specific immunoglobulin G oligoclonal band was found in 5 patients (11%), suggesting an intrathecal synthesis of immunoglobulin G, and 26 patients (55%) presented identical oligoclonal bands in serum and CSF. Four patients (7%) had a positive CSF SARS-CoV-2 reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction. Leptomeningeal enhancement was present on brain MR images in 20 patients (38%). Conclusions: Brain MR imaging abnormalities, especially leptomeningeal enhancement, and increased inflammatory markers in CSF are frequent in patients with neurological manifestations related to COVID-19, whereas SARS-CoV-2 detection in CSF remained scanty. ER  - 
Risk factors for suicidal tendency in people with epilepsy in China: a case-control study$$$ People with epilepsy (PWE) have an increased suicide prevalence. This study aimed to identify the risk factors for suicidal tendency among PWE in West China. A nested case-control study was designed in a cohort of patients with epilepsy (n = 2087). In total, 28 variates were calculated. In the univariate analysis, unemployment, low income, seizure frequency, seizure-free time, infectious or structural etiology, levetiracetam or phenobarbital use, anxiety, depression, and stigma were associated with suicidal tendency. A multivariate analysis indicated that unemployment (odds ratio [OR] 5.74, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.13-15.48), levetiracetam use (OR 2.80, 95%CI 1.11-7.05), depression (C-NDDI-E score ≥ 13; OR 3.21, 95%CI 1.26-8.21), and stigma (SSCI score ≥ 16; OR 6.67, 95%CI 1.80-24.69) were independently associated with suicidal tendency. Conditional inference tree analysis indicated that SSCI and C-NDDI-E scores could effectively identify patients with suicidal tendency. Thus, this study suggests that unemployment, levetiracetam use, depression, and stigma are independent risk factors for suicidal tendency in PWE in China. ER  - 
Safety aspects of opioid-naïve patients with high-grade glioma treated with D,L-Methadone: an observational case series$$$ It was suggested that D, L-Methadone might improve the clinical course of glioma patients. Owing to massive press coverage, patients demand the prescription of D, L-Methadone, but regarding its adjunctive use in glioma therapy there is no standard medication plan. Furthermore, it is not known which side effects the administration of D, L-Methadone might harbor, especially if the patients are opioid-naïve and if D, L-Methadone therapy was managed by the patients themselves or their general practitioners. Opioid-naïve patients with high-grade glioma (new diagnosis or recurrent) receiving D, L-Methadone were included in this retrospective observational analysis. Side effects were assigned if the condition deteriorated in conjunction with the initiation of D, L-Methadone and resolved/ ameliorated after cessation of the intake/reduction of the dosage. Side effects were categorized according to the common toxicity criteria (CTC). Twenty-four patients were included. All patients were opioid-naïve and received D, L-Methadone from their general practitioners. Sixteen patients experienced side effects. The median dosage when side effects began to occur was 15.8 mg/ 24 h. Fatigue and mood changes were reported most frequently (14 of 24 patients). Five patients had severe side effects related to relatively high doses. In all cases, symptoms resolved after cessation or dose reduction. Our results show that D/L M intake lead to frequent occurrence of side effects in opioid-naïve patients especially when not handled with caution and close supervision. Patients, their relatives, their GPs and neuro-oncologists need to be informed about the broad spectrum of side effects in order to thoroughly counsel glioma patients. ER  - 
Burden of multimorbidity and polypharmacy among cancer survivors: a population-based nested case–control study$$$ Purpose: Individuals living with cancer have been shown to have a higher burden of comorbid disease and multimorbidity in comparison to their cancer-free counterparts consequently, leaving them at risk of polypharmacy (i.e., ≥ 5 medications) and its potential negative effects. The primary aim of the current study was to examine the self-reported prevalence of and association between multimorbidity and prescription medication use in a population-based sample of adult cancer survivors (CS). Methods: This retrospective, nested case–control study drew participant data from the Atlantic Partnership for Tomorrow’s Health cohort. CS (n = 1708) were matched to 4 non-cancer controls (n = 6832) by age and sex. Prevalence of polypharmacy by number of chronic conditions and age was estimated with 95% CI. Logistic regression was used to examine the association between multimorbidity and polypharmacy while adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle factors. The comorbidity–polypharmacy score was also calculated as an estimate of disease burden. Results: Multimorbidity was common in both CS (53%) and non-cancer controls (43%); however, a significantly higher percentage of CS reported multimorbidity (p < 0.001). Prescription medication use was also found to be significantly higher among CS (2.3 ± 2.6) compared to non-cancer controls (1.8 ± 2.3; p < 0.0001). Exploratory comorbidity–polypharmacy score analyses indicated that CS had a significantly higher overall disease burden than the age/sex-matched non-cancer controls. Conclusions: As CS appear to be at a higher risk of multimorbidity and polypharmacy and by extension, increased healthcare burden, ongoing education on the prevention of medication-related harm, and interventions to reduce the occurrence of both co-morbid disease and unnecessary medications are warranted. ER  - 
Incidence and risk factors for neurological signs after attenuation of a single congenital portosystemic shunt in 50 cats$$$ Objective: To determine the incidence, outcome, and risk factors for postattenuation neurological signs (PANS) in cats treated for single congenital portosystemic shunts (CPSS). Study design: Retrospective cohort study. Animals: Cats (n = 50) with a single CPSS. Methods: Medical records of cats treated by surgical attenuation of a single CPSS between 2003 and 2017 were reviewed for signalment, surgical technique, preoperative management and postoperative clinical outcomes. Binary logistic regression was performed to investigate risk factors for occurrence of PANS and seizures. Results: Congenital portosystemic shunts in 50 cats included 40 extrahepatic and 10 intrahepatic shunts. Postattenuation neurological signs were recorded in 31 (62%) cats and graded as 1 in 10 cats, 2 in nine cats, and 3 in 12 cats. Postattenuation neurological signs included seizures in 11 cats. Five of 31 cats with PANS did not survive to discharge. No association was detected between PANS or seizures and the type of CPSS (intrahepatic or extrahepatic), degree of attenuation, age, or the use of perioperative levetiracetam or hepatic encephalopathy immediately preoperatively. Osmolality at a median 24 hours postoperatively was lower in cats with PANS (P <.049, Wald 3.867, odds ratio [Exp(B)] 0.855, CI 0.732-0.999). Conclusion: Postattenuation neurological signs are common complications in cats treated for CPSS. Preoperative levetiracetam did not prevent the occurrence of PANS or seizures. The only risk factor for PANS detected was lower postoperative Osmolality in cats with PANS at 24 hours. Clinical significance: Postattenuation neurological signs including seizures occur frequently in cats undergoing surgical attenuation of a CPSS. Preoperative levetiracetam did not protect against the development of PANS. ER  - 
Retrospective Review of Pregnant Patients Presenting for Evaluation of Acute Neurologic Complaints$$$ Study objective: Data suggest an increase in neurologic-related hospitalizations during pregnancy. It is crucial for health care providers to develop effective strategies to evaluate this young, generally healthy cohort of patients for whom missed neurologic diagnoses can have devastating results. We aim to describe the epidemiology of this high risk patient population by investigating exam findings, imaging studies, and clinical outcomes of pregnant women presenting to the emergency department (ED) with acute neurologic complaints. Methods: We conducted a 7-year retrospective chart review of pregnant patients presenting with neurologic chief complaints to the emergency department of an urban tertiary academic medical center in the northeastern United States. We investigated examination findings, imaging studies, and clinical outcomes. Results: Between January 1, 2010, and May 31, 2017, 205 pregnant patients presented to the ED with a neurologic chief complaint. The majority of patients had a normal neurologic examination result. Patients with an abnormal examination result were not more likely to have clinically significant imaging findings. Within our population, 28% underwent imaging, and noncontrast magnetic resonance imaging was the most common modality. Five patients had clinically significant imaging findings. Specifically, 3.3% of patients with abnormal examination result had significant findings and 2.3% of those with a normal examination result had significant findings. A minority of the patients with a visit resulting in discharge (9.8%) returned to the ED within a 7-day period. None required additional neuroimaging. Conclusion: To our knowledge, our study is unique in that it incorporated all neurologic complaints. Headache was the most common complaint, followed by dizziness and seizures. Most of the headaches were related to first-trimester migraines. There was a high incidence of imaging used in clinical practice even when there was a normal neurologic examination result. A normal examination result does not adequately exclude serious intracranial pathology, and diagnostic vigilance is justified. ER  - 
Retrospective review of clozapine use in children and adolescents$$$ Objective: Literature describing use of clozapine by children and adolescents is limited. The primary study objective was to assess the patterns of clozapine use in an inpatient child and adolescent population. Methods: A retrospective review of child and adolescent inpatients receiving clozapine at a Canadian children’s hospital from January 2000 through December 2014 was conducted. Interdisciplinary comprehensive data collection was conducted by experienced clinicians. Baseline population characteristics and psychiatric illness risk factors were captured. Illness symptoms and severity were assessed retrospectively using validated measures including the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS), Children’s Global Assessment Scale (CGAS) and Clinical Global Impressions (CGI) scales. Estimated clozapine dosing requirements for each patient to achieve a serum level associated with response was calculated. Clozapine-related adverse events were captured. Results: Twenty-eight inpatients (64% female) receiving clozapine during the study period were identified. Mean age at clozapine initiation was 15.8 years. Twenty-three patients (82%) were taking clozapine at discharge, and of these, 22 patients (96%) experienced at least minimal improvement in BPRS and CGAS scores. Patients took a mean of 33.1 days from clozapine start to reach their maximum clozapine dosage, a mean maximum of 57% of their estimated clozapine dose requirement. Mean length of stay following clozapine initiation was 60.7 days. We observed a high rate of benign hematological adverse events, but no episodes of severe neutropenia. The majority of patients were of ethnicity associated with high risk for metabolic adverse events. Conclusion: Most hospitalized, treatment-refractory children requiring clozapine clinically improve despite experiencing high, but largely manageable, adverse event rates. ER  - 
Estimating the relative contribution of comorbidities in predicting health-related quality of life of people with multiple sclerosis$$$ Background: Little is known about the relative contribution of comorbidities in predicting the health-related quality of life (HRQoL) of people with Multiple Sclerosis (PwMS). Objective: To determine the associations between the number of and individual comorbidities and HRQoL and estimate the relative contribution of different comorbidities on HRQoL. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of data on self-reported presence of 30 comorbidities and HRQoL from the Australian MS Longitudinal Study (AMSLS) participants (n = 902). HRQoL was measured using the Assessment of Quality of Life-8 Dimensions (AQoL-8D). Linear regression and general dominance analysis were used. Results: Higher number of comorbidities was associated with lower HRQoL (p trend p < 0.01). Comorbidities accounted for 18.1% of the variance in HRQoL. Mental health and musculoskeletal disorders were the strongest contributors to lower HRQoL. Of individual comorbidities, systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) [β = − 0.16 (− 0.27, − 0.05)] and depression [β = − 0.15(− 0.18, − 0.13)] were most strongly associated with overall HRQoL, depression [β = − 0.14(− 0.16, − 0.11)] and anxiety [β = − 0.10 (− 0.13, − 0.07)] with psychosocial HRQoL, and SLE [β = − 0.18 (− 0.29, − 0.07)], rheumatoid arthritis [β = − 0.11 (− 0.19, − 0.02)] and hyperthyroidism [β = − 0.11 (− 0.19, − 0.03)) with physical HRQoL. Conclusion: Comorbidities potentially make important contributions to HRQoL in PwMS. Our findings highlight groups of and individual comorbidities that could provide the largest benefits for the HRQoL of PwMS if they were targeted for prevention, early detection, and optimal treatment. ER  - 
Change and onset-type differences in the prevalence of comorbidities in people with multiple sclerosis$$$ Background: Little is known about the change in prevalence of comorbidities during the disease course of people with multiple sclerosis (MS) and whether the prevalences vary by MS onset type. Objective: To calculate the change in prevalence of comorbidities between symptom onset and the time of study, to compare the prevalences of comorbidities with those in the Australian population at the time of study and to examine onset-type differences. Methods: Comorbidity data from 1518 participants of the Australian MS Longitudinal Study and Australian population comparator data (2014–2015 National Health Survey) were used. The change in prevalence between time points and prevalence ratios (PR) at the time of study (crude, age and sex adjusted, and stratified by onset type) was calculated. Results: Comorbidities were common, and those with the largest increases in prevalence between MS symptom onset and the time of study were depression (+ 26.9%), anxiety (+ 23.1%), hypertension (+ 21.9%), elevated cholesterol (+ 16.3%), osteoarthritis (+ 17.1%), eye diseases (+ 11.6%), osteoporosis (+ 10.9%) and cancer (+ 10.3%). Compared to the general population and after age and sex adjustment, participants had a significantly higher prevalence for 14/19 comorbidities at the time of study. The associations were strongest for anaemia, cancer (both PR > 4.00), anxiety, depression, migraine (all PR > 3.00), psoriasis and epilepsy (both PR > 2.00). No significant differences were seen by onset type. Conclusion: Comorbidities are common at MS symptom onset and increase with MS duration. Having MS may thus contribute to accrual of comorbidities. This emphasises the importance of optimal screening for and management of comorbidities in early MS and throughout the disease course. ER  - 
Mental Health of Adolescents With Epilepsy in Enugu, Nigeria: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Adolescence is an important period, marked by significant changes in biological and psychosocial domains. Epilepsy is a chronic neurologic disorder associated with social stigma and prejudice. The etiology of depression in epilepsy appears to be a complex interplay between psychosocial and neurobiologic factors. This period may be too taxing for the adolescent with epilepsy to steer, as epilepsy can affect the development of independence by its social, educational, and mental health effects. The study aimed to compare the burden of depression in adolescents with epilepsy with the general population. One hundred forty-five adolescents with epilepsy and their classmates matched for age and gender were studied over a 9-month period. Zung Self-rating Depression Scale was used to determine the burden of depression in the study population. Among the subjects, 70 (48.3%) had scores in the depressive range to varying degrees compared to 38 (26.2%) controls. The difference in scores was significant (OR=2.628, P <.001). Among the population with positive scores, mild depression category was the commonest for both groups (40% and 22.8%, respectively). There was a statistically significant relationship between gender, seizure type, and depression, whereas there was no significant relationship between age, social class, number of antiepileptic drugs, seizure frequency in the last 12 months, and depression. Adolescents with epilepsy had higher rates of depression than the general population. Hence, there might be need for routine screening of adolescents with epilepsy for early detection and management of depression to improve their overall well-being and quality of life. ER  - 
Imaging of children with COVID-19: experience from a tertiary children’s hospital in the United States$$$ Background: Imaging of novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has been described in adults, but children have milder forms of disease. Pediatric imaging descriptions are of asymptomatic children, raising the question of whether imaging is needed in this patient group. Objective: To describe the utilization and imaging findings in children with COVID-19 along with the comorbidities, treatment and short-term outcomes. Materials and methods: We retrospectively reviewed pediatric patients who had a confirmed positive test for COVID-19 during a 2-month period. We noted symptoms and presence of imaging at presentation. Comorbidities were recorded for children with imaging. Children were categorized as having multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS-C) if they met criteria for the disorder. For children who were admitted to the hospital, we documented length of hospital stay, need for intensive care unit care/ventilator support, and treatment regimen. We evaluated all imaging for acute/chronic abnormalities including chest radiographs for interstitial or alveolar opacities, distribution/symmetry of disease, zonal predominance, and pleural abnormalities. We performed descriptive statistics and compared children with MIS-C with the cohort using a Fisher exact test. Results: During the study period, 5,969 children were tested for COVID-19, with 313 (5%) testing positive. Of these, 92/313 (29%) were asymptomatic and 55/313 (18%) had imaging and were admitted to the hospital for treatment. Forty-one of 55 patients (75%) with imaging had comorbidities. Chest radiographs were the most common examination (51/55 patients, or 93%) with most demonstrating no abnormality (34/51, or 67%). Children with MIS-C were more likely to have interstitial opacities and pleural effusions. US, CT or MRI was performed in 23/55 (42%) children, 9 of whom had MIS-C. Only one chest CT was performed. Conclusion: In our study, most pediatric patients with COVID-19 did not require hospital admission or imaging. Most children with imaging had comorbidities but children with MIS-C were more likely to have no comorbidities. Children with imaging mostly had normal chest radiography. Advanced imaging (US, CT, MRI) was less common for the care of these children, particularly CT examination of the chest and for children without MIS-C. ER  - 
Real-World, Non-Interventional, Retrospective Study (SAMPLE) of Tolvaptan in Patients with Hyponatraemia Secondary to the Syndrome of Inappropriate Antidiuretic Hormone Secretion$$$ Introduction: The syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion (SIADH) is the most common cause of hyponatraemia in hospital inpatients. We present data on treatment setting, patient characteristics, and outcomes for patients treated with tolvaptan for SIADH across a range of real-world settings in Germany and Spain. Methods: This was a non-interventional, observational, retrospective chart review study. Management was at the discretion of the treating physician, with tolvaptan prescribed according to local clinical practice. Hospital notes and/or medical charts were reviewed from treatment initiation for 6 weeks. Follow-up data were collected when patients were discharged early. Patients were eligible for inclusion if they were ≥ 18 years of age and had been treated with ≥ 2 doses of tolvaptan for one episode of hyponatraemia secondary to SIADH in 2014. Results: The Full Analysis Set comprised 100 patients from 8 centres. The mean age of patients was 73.9 years. The primary endpoint of the mean increase in serum sodium level from baseline to hospital discharge, or to final available measurement, was 10.3 mmol/L (SD 6.4; 95% CI 9.0, 11.6), from 123.0 mmol/L (SD 6.0) to 133.3 mmol/L (SD 4.9). Seventy-seven patients (77.0%) achieved sodium normalisation within 6 weeks of tolvaptan initiation. Mean daily dose of tolvaptan was 12.7 mg (SD 9.2), and mean treatment duration 28.0 days (SD 16.5). Tolvaptan at off-label doses (< 15 mg/day) was prescribed to 72 patients at some point. A favourable safety and tolerability profile was reported. Conclusions: Tolvaptan was well tolerated and effectively corrected sodium levels in hospitalised adults with hyponatraemia secondary to SIADH in real-world settings. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02545101. ER  - 
Clinical, cerebrospinal fluid, and neuroimaging findings in COVID-19 encephalopathy: a case series$$$ Objective: To describe the clinical, neurological, neuroimaging, and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) findings associated with encephalopathy in patients admitted to a COVID-19 tertiary reference center. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed records of consecutive patients with COVID-19 evaluated by a consulting neurology team from March 30, 2020 through May 15, 2020. Results: Fifty-five patients with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 were included, 43 of whom showed encephalopathy, and were further divided into mild, moderate, and severe encephalopathy groups. Nineteen patients (44%) had undergone mechanical ventilation and received intravenous sedatives. Eleven (26%) patients were on dialysis. Laboratory markers of COVID-19 severity were very common in encephalopathy patients, but did not correlate with the severity of encephalopathy. Thirty-nine patients underwent neuroimaging studies, which showed mostly non-specific changes. One patient showed lesions possibly related to CNS demyelination. Four had suffered an acute stroke. SARS-CoV-2 was detected by RT-PCR in only one of 21 CSF samples. Two CSF samples showed elevated white blood cell count and all were negative for oligoclonal bands. In our case series, the severity of encephalopathy correlated with higher probability of death during hospitalization (OR = 5.5 for each increment in the degree of encephalopathy, from absent (0) to mild (1), moderate (2), or severe (3), p < 0.001). Conclusion: In our consecutive series with 43 encephalopathy cases, neuroimaging and CSF analysis did not support the role of direct viral CNS invasion or CNS inflammation as the cause of encephalopathy. ER  - 
How well do clinical and demographic characteristics predict Patient Health Questionnaire-9 scores among patients with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder in a real-world setting?$$$ Objectives: To create and validate a model to predict depression symptom severity among patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) using commonly recorded variables within medical claims databases. Methods: Adults with TRD (here defined as > 2 antidepressant treatments in an episode, suggestive of nonresponse) and ≥ 1 Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ)-9 record on or after the index TRD date were identified (2013–2018) in Decision Resource Group's Real World Data Repository, which links an electronic health record database to a medical claims database. A total of 116 clinical/demographic variables were utilized as predictors of the study outcome of depression symptom severity, which was measured by PHQ-9 total score category (score: 0–9 = none to mild, 10–14 = moderate, 15–27 = moderately severe to severe). A random forest approach was applied to develop and validate the predictive model. Results: Among 5,356 PHQ-9 scores in the study population, the mean (standard deviation) PHQ-9 score was 10.1 (7.2). The model yielded an accuracy of 62.7%. For each predicted depression symptom severity category, the mean observed scores (8.0, 12.2, and 16.2) fell within the appropriate range. Conclusions: While there is room for improvement in its accuracy, the use of a machine learning tool that predicts depression symptom severity of patients with TRD can potentially have wide population-level applications. Healthcare systems and payers can build upon this groundwork and use the variables identified and the predictive modeling approach to create an algorithm specific to their population. ER  - 
Comorbidity in multiple sclerosis patients from Nordland County, Norway – validated data from the Norwegian Patient Registry$$$ Background:: Knowledge of comorbid disorders is important to optimize therapy for multiple sclerosis (MS), but data are limited. The aim of this study was to assess comorbidity in persons with MS living in Nordland County on January 1, 2017. Methods:: Data were retrieved from the Norwegian Patient Registry (2008-2017) and validated through review of electronic hospital charts (1970-2017). Comorbidity was defined as any distinct disorder, classified in the International Classification of Diseases (ICD-10), that had existed or occurred after the diagnosis of MS was established. Results:: Data from 637 subjects were reviewed, and 97.5% were registered with at least one comorbid condition. Malignant melanoma was found in 0.5%, and non-melanoma skin cancers in 1.9%. In female subjects, breast cancer was found in 3.3%. Hypothyroidism was confirmed in 3.1%, type-1 diabetes in 0.3%, type-2 diabetes in 3.9%, psychosis in 0.6%, epilepsy in 2.8%, myocardial infarction in 1.7%, subarachnoid hemorrhage in 0.2%, cerebral infarction in 0.6%, pulmonary embolism in 0.9%, inflammatory bowel disease in 1.3%, and rheumatoid arthritis in 0.6%. Conclusion:: Compared to reports from other Norwegian epidemiological studies, a higher proportion of inflammatory bowel disease and epilepsy was found. This is in accordance with findings from other studies. The prevalence of non-melanoma skin cancers was significantly higher than in the general Norwegian population as they were reported by The Cancer Registry of Norway. ER  - 
Adverse events related to antiepileptic drugs$$$ Objective: Adverse events (AEs) related to antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) may interfere with adequate dosing and patient adherence, leading to suboptimal seizure control, and relatedly, increased injuries, hospitalizations, and mortality. This study investigated the clinicodemographic factors associated with AEs related to AEDs as reported by the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP), and explored the ability of LAEP to discriminate between epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). We hypothesized that female sex, mood disorders, AED-polytherapy, duration, and severity of epilepsy are associated with increased endorsement of AEs related to AEDs, and that endorsement of AEs related to AEDs would significantly differ between epilepsy and PNES patients. Methods: We prospectively enrolled adult patients admitted to two inpatient video-electroencephalogram monitoring units. Clinicodemographic variables and psychometric measures of depression, anxiety, and cognitive function were recorded. Patient-reported AE endorsement was obtained using the LAEP, which was reduced to four latent domains using exploratory structural equation modeling. General linear models identified variables associated with each domain. Logistic regression determined the ability of LAEP scores to differentiate between epilepsy and PNES. Results: 311 patients met inclusion criteria. Mean age was 38 years and 56% of patients were female. Network analysis demonstrated strong relationships between depression and anxiety with physical, sleep, psychiatric, and dermatological AE endorsement. Depression, female sex, and AED polytherapy were associated with greater AE endorsement. Epilepsy, compared to PNES, was associated with lower AE endorsement. Fewer prescribed AEDs and greater reported physical AE endorsement were associated with PNES diagnosis. Significance: There is a strong relationship between patient-reported AEs and psychiatric symptomatology. Those with PNES paradoxically endorse greater physical AEs despite receiving fewer AEDs. Patients who endorse AEs in clinical practice should be screened for comorbid depression or anxiety and treated accordingly. ER  - 
Differentiation of psychogenic nonepileptic attacks from status epilepticus among patients intubated for convulsive activity$$$ Background and objective: Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic attacks (PNEA) sometimes receive aggressive treatment leading to intubation. This study aimed to identify patient characteristics that can help differentiate PNEA from status epilepticus (SE). Methods: We retrospectively identified patients with a final diagnosis of PNEA or SE, who were intubated for emergent convulsive symptoms and underwent continuous electroencephalography (cEEG) between 2012 and 2017. Patients who had acute brain injury or progressive brain disease as the cause of SE were excluded. We compared clinical features and laboratory values between the two groups, and identified risk factors for PNEA-related convulsive activity. Results: Over a six-year period, 24 of 148 consecutive patients (16%) intubated for convulsive activity had a final diagnosis of PNEA rather than SE. Compared to patients intubated for SE, intubated PNEA patients more likely were <50 years of age, female, white, had a history of a psychiatric disorder, had no history of an intracranial abnormality, and had a maximum systolic blood pressure <140 mm Hg (all P < 0.001). Patients with 0–2 of these six risk factors had a 0% (0/88) likelihood of having PNEA, those with 3–4 had a 15% (6/39) chance of having PNEA, and those with 5–6 had an 86% (18/21) chance of having PNEA. Sensitivity for PNEA among those with 5–6 risk factors was 75% (95% CI: 53–89%) and specificity was 98% (95% CI: 93–99%). Conclusions: In the absence of a clear precipitating brain injury, approximately one in six patients intubated for emergent convulsive symptoms had PNEA rather than SE. Although PNEA cannot be diagnosed only by the presence of these risk factors, these simple characteristics could raise clinical suspicion for PNEA in the appropriate setting. Urgent neurological consultation may prevent unnecessary intubation of this at-risk patient population. ER  - 
Clinical identification of psychogenic nonepileptic events using combinations of psychological tests in a veteran sample$$$ Objective: Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic events (PNEE) exhibit heterogenous symptoms and are best diagnosed with long-term video-electroencephalogram (vEEG) data. While extensive univariate data suggest psychological tests may confirm the etiology of PNEE, the multivariate discriminant utility of psychological tests is less clear. The current study aggregated likelihood ratios of multiple psychological tests to evaluate incremental and discriminant utility for PNEE. Methods: Veterans with vEEG-diagnosed PNEE (n = 166) or epileptic seizures (n = 92) completed self-report measures and brief neuropsychological evaluations during the 4-day vEEG hospitalization. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves identified discriminating psychological tests and corresponding cut-scores (0.85 minimum specificity). Likelihood ratios from the remaining cut-scores were sequentially linked using the sample base rate of PNEE (64%) and alternative base rates (10%, 20%, 30%, 40%) to estimate posttest probabilities (PTP) of test combinations. Results: The Health Attitudes Survey, Health History Checklist, and Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory-2-Restructured Form scales FBS-r, RC1, MLS, and NUC were identified as discriminating indicators of PNEE. Average PTPs were ≥90% when three or more indicators out of six administered were present at the sample base rate. Regardless of PNEE base rate, PTP for PNEE was ≥98% when all discriminating indicators were present and 92–99% when five of six indicators administered were present. PTPs were largely consistent with observed positive predictive values, particularly as indicators present increased. Significance: Aggregating psychological tests identified PNEE with a high degree of accuracy, regardless of PNEE base rate. Combining psychological tests may be useful for confirming the etiology of PNEE. ER  - 
Concomitant inpatient prescribing of strong opioids with sedatives: Associations with comorbid conditions$$$ Co-prescribing of opioids and sedatives is a known risk factor for opioid-induced ventilatory impairment (OIVI). Prevalence data for sedative and opioid co-prescription in inpatients in Australia are unknown. Our objective was to determine the prevalence of inpatient sedative and opioid co-prescribing and to identify factors associated with co-prescription. We conducted a retrospective cross-sectional study from July 2017 to October 2017 across four South Australian hospitals utilizing a centralized electronic health record. Multivariate analysis was used to identify characteristics predictive of co-prescribing of a strong opioid (fentanyl, hydromorphone, morphine, and oxycodone) and sedative medications (benzodiazepines, antiepileptics, antipsychotics, and tricyclic antidepressants). Of the 6170 inpatients, 2795 (45.3%) were prescribed a strong opioid and of those, 1889 (30.6% of all inpatients) were co-prescribed a sedative. Of those prescribed a strong opioid, five (0.18%) developed OIVI. Patients prescribed a strong opioid had a 27–77% increased likelihood of being prescribed a sedative. Factors predictive of sedative co-prescribing included the presence of disease of the central nervous system adjusted OR (aOR) 8.66 [95% CI 5.83–12.9] and respiratory disease aOR 1.42 [95% CI 1.17–1.72]. Nearly, one third of all hospital inpatients were co-prescribed a strong opioid and a sedative medication. Patients with comorbidities resulting in increased risk of respiratory depression/OIVI were more likely to have sedative co-prescription. Clinicians should be aware of the effects of high-risk medications and ensure that systems and monitoring are in place that help mitigate adverse outcomes. ER  - 
Classification and comparative analysis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) semiology based on video-electroencephalography (VEEG)$$$ Background: Multiple classification systems for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) based on semiological features have been described. We sought to compare the efficiency of four PNES classification systems. Methods: We retrospectively analysed medical and video-electroencephalography (VEEG) records of patients with PNES with at least one typical event recorded on VEEG. Semiology of PNES events was stringently classified using Hubsch, Dhiman, Wadwekar, and Asadi-Pooya's classification systems. Results: We studied 248 patients with PNES (78% females, mean age 23.1 ± 10.3 years) and reviewed 498 PNES events. Using Hubsch's scheme, we classified events into: dystonic attacks with primitive gestural activity (5.2%), paucikinetic attacks with preserved responsiveness (9.7%), pseudosyncope (59.8%), hyperkinetic prolonged attacks (16.2%) and axial dystonic prolonged attacks (1.6%), and unclassified (7.5%). Using Dhiman's classification, events were: abnormal motor (hypermotor [10.4%]/ partial motor [12.7%]), dialeptic type (58.6%), mixed patterns (17.3%), and unclassified (1%). Using Wadwekar's classification: dystonic attacks with primitive gestural activity (5.2%), paucikinetic attacks with preserved responsiveness (9.6%), pseudosyncope with/without hyperventilation (65.1%), hyperkinetic prolonged attacks involving limbs ± trunk (18.5%), and axial dystonic prolonged attacks (1.6%). Using Asadi-Pooya's classification, events were: hypermotor (30.1%), non-motor (62.9%), and mixed (7.0%). All events could be classified via Wadwekar and Asadi-Pooya systems. Conclusion: In our study, pseudosyncope/ dialeptic/ non-motor semiology emerged as most frequent. Most of our patients with PNES had stereotyped semiology. All events could be classified using the schemes by Asadi-Pooya and Wadweker et al. Dhiman et al. scheme could classify 99% and 7.5% remained unclassified using Hubsch et al. scheme. ER  - 
The number of anti-seizure medications mediates the relationship between cognitive performance and quality of life in temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Objectives: To assess whether cognitive performance predicts quality of life (QOL) in patients with drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE), using the Epitrack cognitive screening tool, while considering the mediating role of the number of anti-seizure medications (ASMs) and controlling for seizure-related, social, and emotional factors. Methods: Seventy-five adult patients with drug-resistant TLE (mean age = 39.76 years, SD = 11.66) underwent a presurgical neuropsychological assessment. Main Outcome Measures: Cognitive performance (Epitrack), depression (BDI-II), trait anxiety (STAI); and QOL (QOLIE-31) were assessed. Results: Adjusting for seizure-related, social, and emotional factors, the Epitrack total score significantly contributed to QOL composite score, and energy and cognitive self-rating subscales. We found a significant indirect effect of the Epitrack total score on QOL composite score and seizure worry and social functioning subscales via the number of ASMs. Conclusion: Our findings underline the relevance of cognitive functioning on QOL and the clinical utility of Epitrack to track cognitive side effects of ASMs and, consequently, to predict and manage QOL in this population. ER  - 
Gender differences in factors associated with resilience for health-related quality of life in persons with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We determined whether resilience factors such as self-efficacy, stress coping styles, and social support were differentially associated with health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in men and women with epilepsy after controlling for depression, anxiety, and daily-life stress. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study of 129 adults with epilepsy. The Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-31 (QOLIE-31), Epilepsy Self-Efficacy Scale, Way of Stress Coping Checklist, Social Support Scale, Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Beck Anxiety Inventory, and Daily Hassles Scale were used. Stepwise linear regression analyses were performed. Results: Except for medication effects, there were no gender differences in the QOLIE-31 and its subscales. The medication effects score was higher in men than in women after controlling for BDI scores. The BDI scores were independently associated with the QOLIE-31 score in men and women. Epilepsy self-efficacy was associated with the QOLIE-31 in men, whereas social support was associated with the QOLIE-31 in women. Coping strategies were associated with the QOLIE-31 in neither men nor women. Seizure frequency, daily-life stress, and anxiety were also negatively associated with the QOLIE-31, but only in men. The coefficients of determination were 0.637 and 0.587 in the men's and women's models, respectively. Conclusions: The influence of self-efficacy and social support on HRQoL differed between men and women with epilepsy even after controlling for psychological distress. These findings could contribute to the development of successful gender-specific psychosocial interventions to improve HRQoL in men and women with epilepsy. ER  - 
Risk factors, etiologies, and comorbidities in urban pediatric epilepsy$$$ The Seizures and Outcomes Study in Children (SOS-KIDS) identifies risk factors, etiologies, and comorbidities in a pediatric epilepsy population in a major city with diversity in socioeconomic levels. A thorough understanding of the range of issues impacting children with epilepsy is critical to establishing treatment that will produce better health outcomes. SOS-KIDS is a cross-sectional cohort study of pediatric epilepsy patients who live in Washington D.C. and are evaluated at Children's National Hospital. Families were recruited at the time of the child's routine clinic appointment or inpatient visit. Information was extracted from participants’ electronic medical records (EMR) and parent reports; participants were screened for comorbidities using standardized screening measures. Data were collected from 289 participants (47% female, 53% male), and mean age was 7.9 years (2 months to 17 years). Twenty-nine percent of participants had primary generalized epilepsy, 63% focal epilepsy, 0.3% combined generalized and focal epilepsy, and 8% could not be distinguished. There were a variety of epilepsy risk factors including prematurity (10%), intraventricular hemorrhage (7%), neonatal seizures (8%), and febrile seizures (17%). The most common etiologies were cerebral malformations (13%) and genetic disorders (25%). Numerous participants had documented comorbidities including developmental delay (56%), intellectual disability (20%), headaches (16%), attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (23%), and autism (7%). Of participants aged six years and older, depression, and anxiety were reported in 5% and 6% within the EMR, 14% and 19% in parent surveys, and 22% and 33% with standardized screening measures. We identified a wide variety of risk factors and etiologies among urban pediatric epilepsy patients, with genetic and structural being the most common. Neurologic and psychiatric comorbidities were common, but the prevalence of several psychiatric disorders reported within the EMR was substantially lower compared to that found when using parent surveys and standardized screening measures. ER  - 
Safety, tolerability, and efficacy of brivaracetam as adjunctive therapy in patients with focal seizures, generalized onset seizures, or Unverricht–Lundborg disease: An open-label, long-term follow-up trial$$$ This long-term open-label extension (OLE) trial was conducted to evaluate the long-term safety and tolerability of brivaracetam (BRV) at individualized doses in patients with epilepsy and focal (partial-onset) or generalized onset seizures, or Unverricht–Lundborg disease (ULD). A secondary objective was to evaluate efficacy of BRV in the subgroups of patients with focal or generalized onset seizures. Patients with epilepsy were eligible to enroll in this OLE (N01125; NCT00175916) and were analyzed if they had completed a previous double-blind BRV trial (N01114 [NCT00175929], N01252 [NCT00490035], N01254 [NCT00504881], N01187 [NCT00357669], and N01236 [NCT00368251]), and were expected to obtain a reasonable benefit from long-term BRV treatment. Patients entered the OLE at the BRV dose recommended at the end of the previous trial, with dose adjustments of BRV and concomitant antiseizure medications permitted. Safety variables included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Efficacy variables in patients with focal seizures were percent reduction in focal seizure frequency, 50 % responder rates, and 6- and 12-month seizure-freedom. Eight hundred and fifty-three patients (729 [85.5 %] with focal seizures, 30 [3.5 %] with generalized onset seizures, and 94 [11.0 %] with ULD) were enrolled and included in the Safety Set. Overall, 619 (72.6 %) patients discontinued the trial, mainly due to lack of efficacy (354 [41.5 %]), adverse events (100 [11.7 %]), and patient choice (98 [11.5 %]). During the OLE, 588 (68.9 %) patients received BRV for ≥12 months, 403 (47.2 %) for ≥36 months, and 223 (26.1 %) for ≥96 months. The most common modal dose of BRV was 150 mg/day (415 [48.7 %] patients). In the ULD subgroup, the most common modal BRV dose was 100 mg/day (44/94 [46.8 %] patients), and 37/94 (39.4 %) patients had ≥96 months of BRV exposure. Overall, 720/853 (84.4 %) patients reported TEAEs, 451 (52.9 %) had a drug-related TEAE, and 95 (11.1 %) discontinued BRV due to a TEAE. In the ULD subgroup, 87/94 (92.6 %) patients reported TEAEs, 60 (63.8 %) had a drug-related TEAE, and 16 (17.0 %) discontinued due to a TEAE. In patients with focal seizures, the median reduction in focal seizure frequency from Baseline was 43.1 % (n = 728), the 50 % responder rate was 43.6 % (n = 729), and 6- and 12-month seizure freedom rates were 22.2 % and 15.8 %, respectively (n = 595). Overall, BRV was well-tolerated as long-term adjunctive therapy in patients with focal seizures, generalized onset seizures, or Unverricht–Lundborg disease, with improvements in focal seizure frequency maintained over time. ER  - 
Carboplatin-based doublet plus bevacizumab beyond progression versus carboplatin-based doublet alone in patients with platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer: a randomised, phase 3 trial$$$ Background: Bevacizumab is approved in combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of ovarian cancer, either in first-line therapy or for patients with recurrent disease not previously treated with the same drug. We aimed to test the value of continuing bevacizumab beyond progression after first-line treatment with the same drug. Methods: In our open-label, randomised, phase 3 trial done at 82 sites in four countries, we enrolled women (aged ≥18 years) who had previously received first-line platinum-based therapy including bevacizumab, and had recurrent (≥6 months since last platinum dose), International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics stage IIIB–IV ovarian cancer with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0–2. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive a carboplatin-based doublet intravenously (carboplatin area under the concentration curve [AUC] 5 on day 1 plus paclitaxel 175 mg/m2 on day 1, every 21 days; carboplatin AUC 4 on day 1 plus gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 on days 1 and 8, every 21 days; or carboplatin AUC 5 on day 1 plus pegylated liposomal doxorubicin 30 mg/m2 on day 1, every 28 days), or a carboplatin-based doublet plus bevacizumab (10 mg/kg intravenous every 14 days combined with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin–carboplatin, or 15 mg/kg every 21 days combined with gemcitabine–carboplatin or paclitaxel–carboplatin). Evaluable disease according to RECIST 1.1 guidelines was required before randomisation. Randomisation was done through the trial website with a minimisation procedure, stratified by centre, time of recurrence, performance status, and type of second-line chemotherapy. The primary endpoint was investigator-assessed progression-free survival, analysed on an intention-to-treat basis. Safety was assessed in all participants who received at least one dose. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01802749 and EudraCT 2012-004362-17. Findings: Between Dec 6, 2013, and Nov 11, 2016, 406 patients were recruited (203 [50%] assigned to the bevacizumab group and 203 [50%] to the standard chemotherapy group). 130 patients (64%) in the bevacizumab group and 131 (65%) in the standard chemotherapy group had progressed after receiving a last dose of platinum more than 12 months before, and 146 patients (72%) in the bevacizumab group and 147 (72%) in the standard chemotherapy group had progressed after completion of first-line bevacizumab maintenance. 161 participants (79%) progressed in the standard chemotherapy group, as did 143 (70%) in the bevacizumab group. Median progression-free survival was 8·8 months (95% CI 8·4–9·3) in the standard chemotherapy group and 11·8 months (10·8–12·9) in the bevacizumab group (hazard ratio 0·51, 95% CI 0·41–0·65; log-rank p<0·0001). Most common grade 3–4 adverse events were hypertension (20 [10%] in the standard chemotherapy group vs 58 (29%) in the bevacizumab group), neutrophil count decrease (81 [41%] vs 80 [40%]), and platelet count decrease (43 [22%] vs 61 [30%]). 68 patients (33%) died in the standard chemotherapy group and 79 (39%) died in the bevacizumab group; two deaths (1%) in the standard chemotherapy group and one death (<1%) in the bevacizumab group were deemed to be treatment-related. Interpretation: Continuing bevacizumab beyond progression combined with chemotherapy in patients with platinum-sensitive recurrent ovarian cancer improves progression-free survival compared with standard chemotherapy alone and might be considered in clinical practice. Funding: Hoffmann–La Roche and Associazione Italiana per la Ricerca sul Cancro. ER  - 
992 Stimulant medications for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and maternal and neonatal outcomes$$$ Objective: Medication use for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) increased >300% in less than 20 years. Previous studies on perinatal effects of stimulant medications have limited applicability to obstetric patients with ADHD who do not have substance use disorders (SUD). We assessed the association of stimulants prescribed for ADHD by class with maternal and neonatal outcomes Study Design: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using the U.S. IBM MarketScan Commercial Database. We linked mother-infant dyads with births from 2008-2016 and included all women with ADHD prescribed stimulants (Methylphenidate or Amphetamine derivatives) during pregnancy. We excluded women with SUD (n=42) and those prescribed stimulants from both groups (n=69). Our primary outcome was a neonatal morbidity composite of neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS), seizures, cerebral irritability, cerebral depression, gastrointestinal issues and cardiovascular issues. Secondary outcomes were preeclampsia, placental abruption, preterm birth, and individual neonatal morbidities included in the composite. We used multivariable logistic regression models to estimate odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for the primary outcome and adjusted for maternal age, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension and cesarean delivery. Results: Among 14,795 women with ADHD, 8,327 (56.3%) were unmedicated, 5,775 (39.0%) were prescribed Amphetamines and 693 (4.5%) Methylphenidate (Table 1). Incidence of the neonatal morbidity composite did not differ between groups. Incidences of NAS and preterm birth were higher with prescribed Amphetamines than other groups. Preeclampsia, placental abruption, and individual neonatal morbidities from the composite did not significantly differ between groups. Conclusion: Stimulant choice impacts maternal and neonatal outcomes. Amphetamine treatment was associated with an increased risk of NAS and preterm birth. Prescribed stimulants were not associated with additional neonatal morbidity. These findings are informative in counseling obstetric patients with ADHD. [Formula presented] ER  - 
Deep Brain Electrode Externalization and Risk of Infection: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: When evaluating deep brain stimulation (DBS) for newer indications, patients may benefit from trial stimulation prior to permanent implantation or for investigatory purposes. Although several case series have evaluated infectious complications among DBS patients who underwent trials with external hardware, outcomes have been inconsistent. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether a period of lead externalization is associated with an increased risk of infection. METHODS: We conducted a Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses compliant systematic review of all studies that included rates of infection for patients who were externalized prior to DBS implantation. A meta-analysis of proportions was performed to estimate the pooled proportion of infection across studies, and a meta-analysis of relative risks was conducted on those studies that included a control group of nonexternalized patients. Heterogeneity across studies was assessed via I2 index. RESULTS: Our search retrieved 23 articles, comprising 1354 patients who underwent lead externalization. The pooled proportion of infection was 6.9% (95% CI: 4.7%-9.5%), with a moderate to high level of heterogeneity between studies (I2 = 62.2%; 95% CI: 40.7-75.9; P <. 0001). A total of 3 studies, comprising 212 externalized patients, included a control group. Rate of infection in externalized patients was 5.2% as compared to 6.0% in nonexternalized patients. However, meta-analysis was inadequately powered to determine whether there was indeed no difference in infection rate between the groups. CONCLUSION: The rate of infection in patients with electrode externalization is comparable to that reported in the literature for DBS implantation without a trial period. Future studies are needed before this information can be confidently used in the clinical setting. ER  - 
Drug use review of intravenous levetiracetam in patients with epilepsy, tertiary care hospital$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a current important health problem. Status epilepticus is a medical emergency condition which may be life-threatening, increased mortality rate and hospitalization. However, some patients with epilepsy could not control their symptoms and anticonvulsant medications have some adverse effects. Intravenous levetiracetam (ivLEV) is a new antiepileptic drug which its use tends to be increased. Objective: To study the prescription pattern of ivLEV and its adverse drug reactions (ADRs) in hospitalized patients and to define the efficacy of iv LEV as first line treatment for status epilepticus. Materials and Methods: This was a descriptive retrospective study to review medical records of all inpatients receiving ivLEV at Srinagarind Hospital, Faculty of Medicine, Khon Kaen University during January 1st 2010 to December 31st 2014. Results: During the study period, there were 406 hospital visits that met the study criteria. The average age of the patients was 54.32+20.36 years with nearly equal sex distribution. The indications of ivLEV were status epilepticus (22.4%), previous treatment with oral levetiracetam (9.6%), perioperative craniectomy/craniotomy (8.6%), and acute seizure with non-status epilepticus (59%). Most of the patients (63.3%) received ivLEV as first line treatment antiepileptic drug and the most loading dose range of ivLEV that the patients received was 500 to 1,000 mg/day (78.3%). All of the patients had been followed vital signs and plasma electrolytes. 98.5% and 45.8% of hospital visits had been monitored liver/kidney function and electroencephalogram (EEG), respectively. Adverse effects during the treatment of ivLEV occurred 0.98%, which were hypotension, drowsiness, and maculopapular rash. No major ADRs were detected in any patients after the ivLEV treatment. Regarding process indicators, overall seizure control rate was 76.4%, of which 35.2% and 85.9% were for the patients with status epilepticus and acute seizure with non-status epilepticus, respectively. ivLEV could be used as first line treatment effectively in patients with status epilepticus (80.2%). In the patients with renal impairment receiving adjusted dosage regimen ivLEV could be control seizure 73.1%. Conclusion: The treatment of ivLEV was effective and safe for control seizure, including status epilepticus and acute seizure with non-status epilepticus. Thus, ivLEV could be the first line antiepileptic drug for the treatment of status epilepticus and brain surgery prevention. However, due to the high cost of the drug and the treatment course, there would be further study of cost-effectiveness. ER  - 
Clinical experience of abrupt discontinuation of perampanel: a case series$$$ With an elimination half-life of 105 hours, perampanel (PER) allows a once-daily dosing regimen. In pivotal trials, when PER was tapered, it was therefore usually discontinued abruptly. Thus, in our hospital we have always practiced abrupt cessation. In this case series, we investigated how long PER serum concentrations still remain measurable after abrupt discontinuation of PER and whether withdrawal symptoms, such as an increase in seizures or status epilepticus, occur. PER serum levels and the clinical course of 15 adult in-patients were monitored for three weeks based on a retrospective study design following abrupt discontinuation of PER. After one week, PER was still detected in 13 of 15 patients, after two weeks in 10, and after three weeks in three. Neither a severe increase in seizure frequency nor status epilepticus occurred. However, modifications of the concomitant antiseizure drugs were necessary. The abrupt discontinuation of PER leads to a slow decrease in plasma concentration, thus resembling self-evident gradual discontinuation of PER. In some cases, PER may still be measurable and thus clinically active even weeks after its discontinuation. Efficacy and safety of other antiseizure drugs can be estimated appropriately only thereafter. ER  - 
Indications and yield of ambulatory EEG recordings$$$ Objective: To study the yield of prolonged ambulatory electroencephalogram (aEEG). Methods: A retrospective chart review of all patients who underwent aEEG studies between 2013 and 2017 was performed. Reasons for aEEG were classified into five categories: detection of interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs), capturing clinical events, detection of unrecognized seizures, monitoring IEDs during treatment, and unclassifiable. Ambulatory EEG reports were reviewed to evaluate whether the study answered the clinical question. Results: A total of 1,264 patients were included. Forty studies were excluded for incomplete data and 234 for being a repeat study. The average number of recording days was 1.57 ± 0.73. Based on initial clinical evaluation, patients carried the following presumptive diagnosis: 61% epilepsy, 11% single unprovoked or acute symptomatic seizure and 28% non-epileptic paroxysmal events (PEs). Overall, focal IEDs were seen in 16.1% of studies, generalized IEDs in 10.8%, focal seizures in 4.1%, and generalized seizures in 1.9%. The most frequent reason for ordering aEEG was to detect IEDs for diagnostic purposes (48.1%). For this indication, additional information was provided by the aEEG in 19.1% of cases (58.6% focal IEDs, 33.5% generalized IEDs, 7.9% seizures without IEDs). Ambulatory EEG was ordered with the intent to capture and characterize clinical events in 18.9%, mostly in patients who reported daily or weekly events. In these, aEEG captured either epileptic seizures or PEs in 102 (42.7%) of the studies (83.3% PEs, 16.7% epileptic seizures). Ambulatory EEG was ordered to evaluate unrecognized seizures in 17.8% of patients, and electrographic seizures were identified in 13.3% of these studies. Significance: The yield of aEEG varies based on the indication for the study. Ambulatory EEG can be a useful tool for recording IEDs in the outpatient setting and in a select group of patients to capture clinical events or unrecognized seizures. ER  - 
Measurable outcomes for pediatric epileptic encephalopathy: a single-center experience with corticosteroid therapy$$$ Objective: Corticosteroids are commonly used to treat refractory epilepsy in children, but the heterogeneity of the population and lack of standardized outcome measures have limited understanding of their effectiveness. We conducted a single-center study of corticosteroids for epileptic encephalopathy to (a) identify domains for measurement and estimate potential effect sizes, (b) characterize heterogeneity, and (c) identify outcomes that may need better tools for measurement. Methods: In this retrospective single-center cohort study, children with epileptic encephalopathy (excluding infantile spasms) were treated with a standardized course of oral dexamethasone or IV methylprednisolone. Long-term video electroencephalography (EEG) was assessed via novel ordinal scales for five features: seizure semiology/burden, epileptiform activity, slowing, organization, and sleep architecture. We abstracted parental assessment of functional domains (i.e., cognition) from the medical records. Pre-treatment and post-treatment EEG features, functional domains, and treatment regimens were compared. Results: Thirty-five children with refractory epilepsy were included. Overall, 16/35 (46%) of individuals had a >50% reduction in seizure frequency from the pre-treatment EEG to the initial post-treatment EEG. In particular, tonic seizures (in a subset of 23 children) were reduced (24-hour tonic seizure count pre-treatment was 8 [4-13] and 3 [1-5] post-treatment EEG#1, p=0.04). For follow-up post-treatment EEGs, there was: (1) better formation of sleep spindles (37% normal pre-treatment to 63% normal post-treatment; p=0.04); and (2) improvement in parental reported cognition (in 43%). Improved cognition was the only outcome that differed between the dexamethasone and methylprednisolone treated groups (58% for dexamethasone [n=11/19] vs. 25% for methylprednisolone [n=4/16]; p=0.03). Significance: Large studies should be powered to detect reductions in seizures (particularly tonic as we identified a 2.6-fold reduction), improved EEG organization, and improved sleep architecture (21 percentage points). Cognitive improvements following steroid treatment, reported by parents, should be quantified and fully characterized in future work. ER  - 
Timing of co-occurring chronic conditions in children with neurologic impairment$$$ BACKGROUND: Children with neurologic impairment (NI) are at risk for developing co-occurring chronic conditions, increasing their medical complexity and morbidity. We assessed the prevalence and timing of onset for those conditions in children with NI. METHODS: This longitudinal analysis included 6229 children born in 2009 and continuously enrolled in Medicaid through 2015 with a diagnosis of NI by age 3 in the IBM Watson Medicaid MarketScan Database. NI was defined with an existing diagnostic code set encompassing neurologic, genetic, and metabolic conditions that result in substantial functional impairments requiring subspecialty medical care. The prevalence and timing of co-occurring chronic conditions was assessed with the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality Chronic Condition Indicator system. Mean cumulative function was used to measure age trends in multimorbidity. RESULTS: The most common type of NI was static (56.3%), with cerebral palsy (10.0%) being the most common NI diagnosis. Respiratory (86.5%) and digestive (49.4%) organ systems were most frequently affected by co-occurring chronic conditions. By ages 2, 4, and 6 years, the mean (95% confidence interval [CI]) numbers of co-occurring chronic conditions were 3.7 (95% CI 3.7-3.8), 4.6 (95% CI 4.5-4.7), and 5.1 (95% CI 5.1-5.2). An increasing percentage of children had $9 co-occurring chronic conditions as they aged: 5.3% by 2 years, 10.0% by 4 years, and 12.8% by 6 years. CONCLUSIONS: Children with NI enrolled in Medicaid have substantial multimorbidity that develops early in life. Increased attention to the timing and types of multimorbidity in children with NI may help optimize their preventive care and case management health services. ER  - 
The metformin in tuberous sclerosis (MiTS) study: A randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Tuberous Sclerosis Complex (TSC) is a genetic disorder characterised by the development of benign tumours secondary to loss of inhibitory regulation of the mTOR (mechanistic Target of Rapamycin) intracellular growth pathway. Metformin inhibits the mTOR pathway. We investigated whether metformin would reduce growth of hamartomas associated with tuberous sclerosis complex. Methods: In this multicentre randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, patients with a clinical diagnosis of tuberous sclerosis, aged over 10 years and with at least one renal angiomyolipoma of greater than 1 cm in diameter were enrolled. Participants were randomly allocated (1:1) by a secure website to receive metformin or placebo for 12 months. The primary outcome was percentage volume change of renal angiomyolipomas (AML) at 12 months compared to baseline. Secondary outcomes were percentage change at 12 months from baseline in volume of cerebral Subependymal Giant Cell Astrocytomas (SEGA); appearance of facial and ungual hamartomas; frequency of epileptic seizures; and adaptive behaviour. The trial is registered with The International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN), number 92545532, and the European Union Drug Regulating Authorities Clinical Trials (EUDRACT), number 2011-001319-30. Findings: Between 1 November 2012 and 30 September 2015 72 patients were screened and 55 were randomly assigned to metformin (28) or placebo (27). Four participants withdrew between randomisation and starting treatment. All 51 patients who started therapy completed the trial and were assessed for outcome at 12 months. The median percentage change in angiomyolipoma (AML) volume was +7.6% (IQR -1.8% to +42.6%) for the placebo group and +8.9% (IQR 1.3% to 19.5%) for the metformin group (p = 0.28). Twenty-seven patients had SEGAs: 13 received placebo and 14 metformin. The median percentage change in SEGA volume was +3.0% (IQR -22.8% to +27.7%) for the placebo group and – 20.8% (IQR – 47.1% to - 5.0%) for the metformin group (p = 0.03). Twenty-one patients were assessed for seizure frequency: 9 received placebo and 12 received metformin. In the metformin group, a mean reduction of 43.7% from baseline in seizures was observed and in the placebo group a 3.1% mean reduction was observed, with a difference in response of 40.6% (95% CI -3.1% to +84.2%, p = 0.03). There were no significant differences between metformin and placebo groups for the other secondary outcomes. There were no deaths. Three serious adverse events (SAEs) occurred during the trial (all patients on metformin). Interpretation: Metformin did not reduce AML volume. Metformin did reduce SEGA volume and seizure frequency compared with placebo. There may be a role for metformin in slowing or reversing growth of some life-threatening hamartomas in TSC and for reducing seizure frequency. Further study is justified. Funding: This study was funded by the National Institute for Health and Research (NIHR) through the The Research for Patient Benefit Programme (RfPB). ER  - 
Quality of life and its associated factors among epileptic patients attending public hospitals in North Wollo Zone, Northeast Ethiopia: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background Epilepsy is thought to be caused by witchcraft, evil spirit, and God's punishment for sins in many developing countries. As a result, people with epilepsy and their families usually suffer from stigma, discrimination, depression, and other psychiatric problems. Thus, this study aimed to assess the quality of life and its associated factors among epileptic patients attending public hospitals in North Wollo Zone, Northeast Ethiopia. Methods An institution-based cross-sectional study design was employed in this study. A simple random sampling technique was utilized. Health-related quality of life was measured based on the total score of the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31) instrument. Data were entered into Epi-data 3.1 statistical package and exported to SPSS Version 20 for further analysis. Linear regression models were used to assess the relationship between quality of life and the independent variables. Statistically significant values were declared at a P-value of < 0.05. Results A total of 395 patients participated in the study making the response rate 98.5%. The mean age of the participants was 32.39 ±10.71 years. More than half, 199 (50.4%) of epileptic patients had an overall weighted average health related quality of life score of mean and above. Male sex (B = 4.34, 95%CI, 0.41, 8.27, P = 0.03), higher educational status (B = 7.18, 95%CI, 1.39, 13.00, P = 0.015) and age at onset of epilepsy (B = 0.237, 95%CI, 0.02, 0.45, P = 0.035) were associated with increased health related quality of life score. On the other hand, family history of epilepsy (B = -4.78, 95%CI,-9.24,-0.33, P = 0.035), uncontrolled seizure (B = -11.08, 95%CI,-15.11,-7.05, P < 0.001), more than 5 pre-treatment number of seizures (B = -4.86, 95%CI,-8.91,-0.81, P = 0.019), poor drug adherence (B = -11.65, 95% CI,-16.06,-7.23, P < 0.001), having moderate (B = -4.526, 95%CI,-8.59,-0.46, P = 0.029) to sever (B = -12.84, 95%CI,-18.30,-7.37, P < 0.001) anxiety and depression, believing that epilepsy is caused by evil spirit (B = -7.04, 95%CI,-11.46,-2.61, P = 0.002), drinking alcohol (B = -5.42, 95%CI,-10.72,-0.13, P = 0.045), and having other co-morbidities (B = -9.35, 95% CI,-14.35,-4.36, P < 0.001) were significantly negatively associated with the health related quality of life score among epileptic patients. Conclusions Only around half of the epileptic patients have a good health-related quality of life. In addition, multiple variables including family history, uncontrolled seizure, and poor drug adherence were associated with quality of life among epileptic patients. Hence, targeting these variables in epilepsy management is recommended. ER  - 
A comparative study to investigate the level of cognitive impairment among epileptic and psychogenic non-epileptic patients$$$ Objective: To compare cognitive impairment between patients having epileptic seizures and those having psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. Methods: The cross-sectional study was conducted from May to November 2016 in Jhelum, Pakistan, and comprised epileptic and psychogenic non-epileptic patients who were selected from different psychiatric units of the city. Bender Gestalt Test-II was administered to check the cognitive impairment of participants. Data was analysed using SPSS 21. Results: Of the 125 subjects, 62(49.6%) were epileptic and 63(50.4%) were psychogenic non-epileptic patients. Psychogenic non-epileptic patients performed better compared to epileptic patients (p..001). The effect size of the finding was 0.42, indicating medium size effect. Conclusion: Epileptic patients were found to have more cognitive impairment than psychogenic non-epileptic patients. ER  - 
Dissociation of caloric and head impulse tests: a marker of Meniere's disease$$$ A retrospective analysis of the horizontal video head impulse test (vHIT) results and caloric testing results was undertaken on 644 patients who attended a neuro-otology outpatient facility. Presenting symptoms included spontaneous vertigo, positional vertigo, imbalance or chronic subjective dizziness. For 570 patients, the results of vHIT and caloric testing were concordant. Both tests were normal in 500 subjects with an average vHIT gain = 0.92 ± 0.09 (L); 0.98 ± 0.10 (R) and canal paresis (CP) = 7.88 ± 6.12; (range 0–28%). 54 had concordant asymmetries, average ipsilesional vHIT gain = 0.56 ± 0.15, average contralesional vHIT gain = 0.88 ± 0.12. CP = 68.02 ± 24.38 (range 31–100%). 16 subjects had bilateral vestibular hypofunction with average vHIT gains of 0.42 ± 0.20 (L); 0.41 ± 0.19 (R), peak slow phase velocity (SPV) on warm caloric testing = 2.68 ± 2.08, range 0–6°/s (L) and 3.75 ± 3.43 range, 0–10°/s (R). 36 patients showed a dissociation of results between the two tests. In these subjects, the vHIT gain was normal (0.93 ± 0.06 left and 0.98 ± 0.07 right) and the caloric test showed a CP > 30% (48 ± 13.8%). Their final diagnoses included clinically definite Meniere’s disease (MD) (n = 27), vestibular schwannoma (VS) (n = 2) vestibular migraine (VM) (n = 1), vestibular neuritis (VN) (n = 5) and unknown (n = 1). No patient with abnormal HSCC gain on vHIT had a normal caloric result. The caloric test complements the vHIT in the assessment of vestibular disorders and is most useful in suspected endolymphatic hydrops. Asymmetric caloric function in the presence of normal horizontal head impulse tests is most commonly associated with Meniere’s disease and may function as a diagnostic marker. ER  - 
Risk of Substance Use Disorder and Its Associations with Comorbidities and Psychotropic Agents in Patients with Autism$$$ Importance: The risk of substance use disorder (SUD) in patients with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) remains unclear. Objective: To investigate the risk of SUD in patients with ASD and its associations with comorbidities, psychotropic agents (PAs), and mortality. Design, Setting, and Participants: This retrospective, population-based, cohort study of 1 936 512 participants used data from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database and was conducted from January 1, 2000, to December 31, 2015. Included participants attended at least 3 outpatient visits within the 1-year study period for symptomatic ASD as determined by the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) diagnostic codes. Individuals diagnosed with ASD before 2000, those diagnosed with SUD before the first visit for ASD, and those with missing data were excluded from the analysis. Patients with ASD and non-ASD controls were matched 1:4 by age, sex, and index date. Exposures: Symptomatic ASD evaluated for at least 3 outpatient visits within the 1-year study period. Main Outcomes and Measures: Adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) with 95% CIs for SUD, including alcohol use disorder (AUD) and drug use disorder (DUD), and the risk of mortality were calculated. Data were analyzed from March 1 to July 13, 2020. Results: A total of 6599 individuals with ASD (mean [SD] age, 11.9 [5.1] years; 5094 boys [77.2%]; mean [SD] follow-up period, 8.1 [8.3] years; median follow-up period, 4.3 [interquartile range [IQR], 2.3-5.3] years) and 26396 controls (mean [SD] age, 12.1 [5.8] years; 20 376 boys [77.2%]; mean [SD] follow-up period, 8.6 [8.9] years; median follow-up period, 4.4 [IQR, 2.4-5.4] years) were enrolled in the study. According to multivariable-Adjusted analysis, the aHRs for SUD (2.33; 95% CI, 1.89-2.87), AUD (2.07; 95% CI, 1.60-2.63), and DUD (3.00; 95% CI, 2.15-4.58) were significantly higher in the ASD group than in the non-ASD controls. The aHRs for SUD in the ASD subgroups with 1 PA (0.60; 95% CI, 0.43-0.66) and with multiple PAs (0.37; 95% CI, 0.28-0.49) were significantly lower than those in the ASD subgroup with no PAs. Comparisons between patients with ASD and non-ASD controls with the same comorbidities showed higher aHRs for SUD among patients with ASD (range, 1.17-2.55); moreover, the ASD subgroup not receiving any PAs had an aHR of 6.39 (95% CI, 5.11-7.87) for SUD when they had comorbid tic disorder and aHRs of 5.48 (95% CI, 5.12-5.70) for AUD and 5.42 (95% CI, 5.12-5.80) for DUD when they had comorbid impulse control disorder. The mortality risk was significantly higher in patients with ASD and concomitant SUD than in non-ASD controls without SUD (aHR, 3.17; 95% CI, 2.69-3.89). Conclusions and Relevance: These findings suggest that patients with ASD are vulnerable to the development of SUD. Comorbid ASD and SUD were associated with an increase in mortality risk. ER  - 
Allocation of National Institutes of Health Funding by Disease Category in 2008 and 2019$$$ Importance: Prior research suggests an association between burden of disease and National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding. The allocation of NIH funding should reflect, to some extent, the health needs of the population, along with other factors. Objective: To examine the factors associated with NIH funding in 2019 for 46 diseases. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cohort study used disability-adjusted life-years to measure the 2008 and 2019 US burden of disease and compared them with NIH categoric funding for 46 diseases. Exposures: Disability-adjusted life-years to measure the 2008 and 2019 US burden of disease, 2016 health spending, and 2008 NIH funding levels for 46 diseases. Main Outcomes and Measures: 2019 NIH funding levels for 46 diseases. Results: The 46 diseases accounted for 62392713 of 94399784 disability-adjusted life-years (66.1%) in 2008 and 75706718 of 111074472 disability-adjusted life-years (68.2%) in 2019, representing more than 66% of all disability-adjusted life-years in both years. By dollar volume, Alzheimer and dementia increased the most, with approximately $1.8 billion more funding in 2019 than 2008 (from $530 million in 2008 to $2398 million in 2019, a 352% increase), whereas interpersonal violence had the greatest decrease, $95 million, in 2019 NIH funding (from $236 million in 2008 to $141 million in 2019, a 40% decrease). For the 46 diseases in this study, the variable with the greatest association with NIH funding in 2019 was the level of NIH funding in 2008, with a simple correlation of 0.88. Burden of disease and changes in burden of disease were not statistically significantly associated with NIH funding levels once the prior level of funding was included in the model. The models suggested that a 1% higher level of NIH funding in 2008 was associated with a 0.91% higher level of NIH funding in 2019. Conclusions and Relevance: In this study, NIH spending for most diseases seemed to be based primarily on the level of NIH spending more than 10 years earlier, despite changes in burden of disease. Congress and the NIH should examine the allocation process to ensure NIH investments are responsive to changes in the health of the population.. ER  - 
Association of Obstructive Sleep Apnea with the Risk of Male Infertility in Taiwan$$$ Importance: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) has been proposed as a risk factor in infertility. However, to date, the association between OSA and male infertility has not been examined in a population-based study. Objective: To investigate the risk factor of OSA in male infertility and the outcome of OSA treatment for the risk of male infertility. Design, Setting, and Participants: This case-control population-based study collected data from the Longitudinal Health Insurance Database, a subset of the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. Male patients with a diagnosis of infertility and at least 3 outpatient visits or 1 hospitalization between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2013, were included and matched by age, sex, and date of infertility diagnosis with individuals without an infertility diagnosis. Data analysis was performed from October 22, 2018, to April 22, 2019. Exposures: Patients with male infertility and randomly selected patients without male infertility were matched using a 1:4 propensity score matching ratio. Main Outcomes and Measures: A primary outcome was the risk factor of OSA (diagnosed through polysomnography). A secondary outcome was the association of the risk of male infertility with OSA exposure time interval (short term, middle term, and long term) and OSA management (ie, none, continuous positive airway pressure, uvulopalatopharyngoplasty, or both). Results: A total of 4607 male patients with infertility (mean [SD] age, 34.18 [5.44] years) and 18 428 control patients (mean [SD] age, 34.28 [5.81] years) were included. In the multivariate conditional logistic regression analysis, OSA was an independent risk factor associated with infertility (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 1.24; 95% CI, 1.10-1.64; P =.003). The absolute risk was 0.204 (95% CI, 0.092-0.391). For patients with OSA in the group without treatment, the adjusted OR was 1.80 (95% CI, 1.56-2.07; P <.001) for infertility compared with patients without OSA. Conclusions and Relevance: Results of this study support the hypothesis that OSA increases the risk of infertility in male patients, and the risk is associated with the OSA exposure time. Furthermore, no OSA management or treatment is associated with a higher infertility risk. ER  - 
Sleep Disturbances in Children With Autism Spectrum Disorder at a Malaysian Tertiary Hospital$$$ Introduction: Children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) have a variety of co-morbid medical problems, including sleep disturbances. Prevalence of sleep disorders has been reported to be higher in this group as compared to the general population. Identifying sleep problems in children with ASD may help increase awareness and improve the overall quality of care for them. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of sleep problems and associated factors in a group of Malaysian children aged 6–16 years, with ASD. Method: This is a cross-sectional study at the Child Development Centre of UKM Medical Centre (UKM MC) on ASD children aged 6–16 years. Demographic data was obtained and the Sleep Disturbances Scale for Children (SDSC) questionnaire was completed by the main caregiver. Logistic regression analysis was used to determine factors related to higher total SDSC scores. Results: A total of 128 patients were recruited (111 boys) with a median age of 8 years 3 months (IQR: 2 years 10 months). Forty-seven (36.7%) of them obtained total SDSC scores in the pathological range with 19 (14.8%) scoring high for overall disturbances and 28 (21.9%) for at least one subtype of sleep disorders: 25 (19.5%) DIMS, 18 (14.1%) SBD, 10 (7.8%) DOES, 5 (3.9%) DOA, 6 (4.7%) SWTD, and 3 (2.3%) SHY. More than half of the children (57.8%) were reported to have sufficient sleep duration of 8–11 h, but longer sleep latency of at least 15 min (82.8%). Half of the ASD children also had co-morbidities in which one-third (34.4%) had attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Using logistic regression analysis, four factors were significantly associated with higher total SDSC scores; female gender (p = 0.016), older age group (11–16 years old) (p = 0.039), shorter sleep length (p = 0.043), and longer sleep latency (p < 0.001). Conclusion: The prevalence of sleep disturbances is high among Malaysian children with ASD, especially DIMS. Female gender, older age group, shorter sleep length, and longer sleep latency were found to be associated with the sleep disturbances. Evaluation of sleep problems should form part of the comprehensive care of children with ASD. ER  - 
Bupropion and naltrexone in methamphetamine use disorder$$$ BACKGROUND The use of naltrexone plus bupropion to treat methamphetamine use disorder has not been well studied. METHODS We conducted this multisite, double-blind, two-stage, placebo-controlled trial with the use of a sequential parallel comparison design to evaluate the efficacy and safety of extended-release injectable naltrexone (380 mg every 3 weeks) plus oral extended-release bupropion (450 mg per day) in adults with moderate or severe methamphetamine use disorder. In the first stage of the trial, participants were randomly assigned in a 0.26:0.74 ratio to receive naltrexone-bupropion or matching injectable and oral placebo for 6 weeks. Those in the placebo group who did not have a response in stage 1 underwent rerandomization in stage 2 and were assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive naltrexone-bupropion or placebo for an additional 6 weeks. Urine samples were obtained from participants twice weekly. The primary outcome was a response, defined as at least three methampheta mine negative urine samples out of four samples obtained at the end of stage 1 or stage 2, and the weighted average of the responses in the two stages is reported. The treatment effect was defined as the between-group difference in the overall weighted responses. RESULTS A total of 403 participants were enrolled in stage 1, and 225 in stage 2. In the first stage, 18 of 109 participants (16.5%) in the naltrexone-bupropion group and 10 of 294 (3.4%) in the placebo group had a response. In the second stage, 13 of 114 (11.4%) in the naltrexone-bupropion group and 2 of 111 (1.8%) in the placebo group had a response. The weighted average response across the two stages was 13.6% with naltrexone-bupropion and 2.5% with placebo, for an overall treatment effect of 11.1 percentage points (Wald z-test statistic, 4.53; P<0.001). Adverse events with naltrexone-bupropion included gastrointestinal disorders, tremor, malaise, hyperhidrosis, and anorexia. Serious adverse events occurred in 8 of 223 participants (3.6%) who received naltrexone-bupropion during the trial. CONCLUSIONS Among adults with methamphetamine use disorder, the response over a period of 12 weeks among participants who received extended-release injectable naltrexone plus oral extended-release bupropion was low but was higher than that among participants who received placebo. (Funded by the National Institute on Drug Abuse and others; ADAPT-2 ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03078075.). ER  - 
Health Conditions and Psychotic Experiences: Cross-Sectional Findings From the American Life Panel$$$ Background: People with psychotic disorders have poor health, but studies have shown that people who have a milder and more prevalent form of psychosis (psychotic experiences) are also at risk for health problems. More research is needed to examine a broad range of health conditions to discover new relations with psychotic experiences. Methods: We analyzed cross-sectional data from the American Life Panel, a nationally representative sample of the United States adult population. Using multivariable logistic regression, we examined the associations between health conditions (categories of conditions, specific conditions, count of conditions) and lifetime psychotic experiences. Results: Approximately 71% of the weighted sample reported at least one health condition, and around 18% reported a lifetime psychotic experience. Using multivariable logistic regression, we found that several health conditions were associated with psychotic experiences, including pain due to other causes, neck pain, other injury, any gastrointestinal/kidney problem, liver diseases/cirrhosis, any nervous/sensory problem, migraine, nerve problem causing numbness/pain, any other disorder, specifically sleep disorder, chronic fatigue syndrome, and chronic pain. Further, the count of specific health conditions and the count of categories were associated with greater odds of psychotic experiences. Conclusion: We found that numerous health conditions were associated with psychotic experiences. ER  - 
Late-onset epilepsy and subsequent increased risk of dementia$$$ Inflammation is considered as a key pathogenesis factor of dementia and epilepsy. However, epilepsy's association with dementia, particularly its role in the development of dementia, remains unclear. To evaluate the association between epilepsy and the risk of dementia, in Taiwan, we have now conducted a retrospective cohort study comprising 675 individuals (age, ≥50 years) with epilepsy and 2,025 matched control subjects without epilepsy. In order to match individuals diagnosed with epilepsy with those with no diagnosis of epilepsy (comparison cohort), we utilized exact matching at a ratio of 1:3. Compared with those in the comparison cohort, individuals in the epilepsy cohort had a significantly increased risk of developing dementia (adjusted hazard ratio = 2.87, p < 0.001). A similar result has been observed after stratifying for sex (adjusted hazard ratio in males = 2.95, p < 0.001; adjusted hazard ratio in females = 2.66, p < 0.001). To conclude, based on these data, epileptic individuals ≥50 years were at a greater risk of developing dementia than people who do not have epilepsy, which indicates that a diagnosis of epilepsy presents a greater risk for the development of dementia. ER  - 
Magnitude and associated factors of suicidal ideation and attempt among people with epilepsy attending outpatient treatment at primary public hospitals in northwest Ethiopia: a multicentre cross-sectional study$$$ Objective This study aimed to assess magnitude and associated factors of suicidal ideation and attempt among people with epilepsy attending outpatient treatment at primary public hospitals, northwest Ethiopia using suicide module of World Mental Health Survey initiative version of the WHO, composite international diagnostic interview. Design Multicentre-based cross-sectional study was used. Setting Data were collected using face to face interview from patients with epilepsy who attended outpatient treatment at primary public hospitals at northwest Ethiopia. Participants Adult patients with epilepsy (n=563) who came to attend outpatient treatment during the study period were included in the study using systematic random sampling technique. Outcome measures Suicidal ideation, suicidal attempt and factors associated with suicidal ideation and attempt. Results The overall magnitude of suicidal ideation and attempt was 26.5% and 12.6%, respectively. Being woman adjusted OR ((AOR)=1.68, 95% CI 1.09 to 3.23), living alone (AOR=2.4, 95% CI 1.47 to 3.92), divorced/widowed/(AOR=2.2, 95% CI 1.09 to 7.8), family history of suicidal attempt (AOR=2.53, 95% CI 1.34 to 4.79), depression (AOR=3.18, 95% CI 1.85 to 5.45), anxiety (AOR=2.92, 95% CI 1.68 to 5.09), comorbid medical illness (AOR=2.60, 95% CI 1.17 to 5.82) and poor social support (AOR=2.35, 95% CI 1.26 to 4.40) were statistically associated with suicidal ideation. Depression (AOR=4.87, 95% CI 2.56 to 9.28) living alone (AOR=2.66, 95% CI 1.62 to 5.41), family history of committed suicide (AOR=2.80, 95% CI 1.24 to 6.39), taking medication for mental illness (AOR=2.17, 95% CI 1.06 to 4.46), hazardous alcohol use (AOR=2.10, 95% CI 1.05 to 4.23) were statistically associated with suicidal attempts at a p value <0.05. Conclusion This study showed that the magnitude of suicidal ideation and attempt was high among people with epilepsy. Being woman, living alone, having depression and anxiety, single, divorced/widowed in marital status, family history of suicidal attempt and poor social support were statistically associated with suicidal ideation. Having depression, living alone, family history of suicide attempt, hazardous alcohol use and drug taking for mental illness were statistically associated with suicidal attempt. Based on the findings of this study early screening, detection and management of suicide were recommended in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Association between arthritis and migraine: A us nationally representative study including 2649 adults$$$ This study aimed to investigate the cross-sectional association between arthritis and migraine in a large representative sample of the US adult population. The study used data from adults who participated in the RAND American Life Panel (ALP). Arthritis (excluding rheumatoid arthritis) and migraine were self-reported. Control variables included sex, age, ethnicity, marital status, education, employment, annual family income, stroke, epilepsy, coronary artery disease, asthma, depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, and alcohol dependence. The association between arthritis and migraine was investigated using multivariable logistic regression models, while sex and age interaction analyses were also conducted. This study included 2649 adults (51.7% women; mean (SD) age 50.6 (15.9 years). The prevalence of migraine was 10.7% in the sample. After adjusting for several potential confounders, there was a significant association between arthritis and migraine (OR = 1.83, 95% CI = 1.20–2.81). Further sensitivity analyses revealed that the association was significant in women, adults aged ≤45 years, and those aged >65 years. The mere fact that arthritis and migraine may coexist is problematic, as this could lead to an important medical and economic burden. Therefore, strategies should be implemented to reduce the cooccurrence of these two chronic conditions. ER  - 
Age at first drink and severity of alcohol dependence$$$ Background: Early age at first drink (AFD) has been linked to early onset and increased severity of alcohol dependence in various studies. Few Indian studies on AFD have shown a negative correlation between AFD and severity of alcohol dependence. Our study aimed to explore this relationship in patients with alcohol dependence syndrome (ADS) diagnosed using ICD-10 criteria. Methods: One hundred fifty-one consecutive patients freshly diagnosed with ADS were included in the study, which was conducted at the psychiatry unit of a tertiary care, multispecialty hospital. The Addiction Severity Index (ASI) was used to assess severity of alcohol dependence. Results: Mean AFD was 24.85 years (range = 13–40 years). Median ASI score was 36 (range = 21 to 57). The study yielded a weak negative correlation (ρ = −.105) between AFD and ASI, which was statistically not significant. Conclusions: We found no correlation between AFD and severity of alcohol dependence at detection in Indian Armed Forces personnel, which is contrary to what has been reported worldwide and in previous Indian studies. Delayed initiation of alcohol use among those enrolling in the Indian Armed Forces and early detection of alcohol dependence within the military environment are possible explanations. ER  - 
Optical coherence tomography and neurodegeneration in epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To compare optical coherence tomography measurements; central macular thickness, ganglion cell complex, and retinal nerve fiber layer thickness in patients with epilepsy versus healthy controls. Methods: We evaluated 28 eyes of 28 patients with epilepsy and 34 eyes of 34 healthy subjects. Central macular thickness, ganglion cell complex, and retinal nerve fiber layer thickness measurements were performed by spectral-domain optical coherence tomography. Results: Superior and superotemporal quadrant ganglion cell complex, average, and superior quadrant retinal nerve fiber layer thickness measurements were significantly lower in epilepsy group compared to healthy control subjects. Central macular thickness was significantly lower in polytherapy group compared to monotherapy group. Ganglion cell complex and retinal nerve fiber layer thickness measurements were not significantly different between polytherapy and monotherapy groups. Conclusion: The present study shows that epileptic patients taking antiepileptic drugs have reduced ganglion cell complex and retinal nerve fiber layer thickness compared to healthy controls. This can be related to the epileptic process in the brain. Optical coherence tomography may be a useful tool for showing the neurodegeneration in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Effects of attitudes of patients with epilepsy towards their disease on mental health and quality of life$$$ Objective: The study investigates the effects of attitudes displayed by patients with epilepsy toward their disease on their mental health and quality of life. Materials and Methods: This descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted in the neurology outpatient clinic at Hafsa Sultan Hospital, Manisa Celal Bayar University between April 2015 and April 2016. The study sample comprised 182 patients. The study data were collected using the Personal Information Form for Patients with Epilepsy, Impact of Epilepsy Scale, Epilepsy Knowledge Scale, Epilepsy Attitude Scale, Short Form-36 (Quality of Life Scale), and Brief Symptom Inven-tory. In the analysis of the data, the t-test, ANOVA, Scheffé’s post-hoc test, and Pearson’s correlation coefficient were used. Results: In the Epilepsy Attitude Scale, the participants obtained a mean score of 48.66±13.13, suggesting that they displayed negative attitudes toward epilepsy. In the subscales of the Short Form-36 (Quality of Life Scale), the participants’ scores were low. Of the participants with epilepsy, those with a significantly positive attitude toward epilepsy had a high quality of life perception. Psychological symptoms decreased in patients with epilepsy who have a positive attitude toward their disease. Conclusion: The results of this study demonstrated that the participants’ “attitudes toward epilepsy” was significantly cor-related to their “psychological symptoms and quality of life.” The fact that the negative attitudes of patients with epilepsy are related to their psychological symptoms and quality of life indicates the importance of recognizing and understanding patients’ attitudes toward their disease. ER  - 
Comparison of the diagnostic criteria for autism spectrum disorder (Asd) using diagnostic and statistical manual (dsm) and international classification of diseases (icd): A study from north india$$$ Background: The significant changes in the DSM 5 diagnostic criteria for ASD need to be assessed in an Indian population by comparing it with ICD-10 DCR and DSM-IV TR. There are very few studies that look at the concordance between the criteria and practically none from India. An understanding on the diagnostic concordance will help in reliable diagnoses, service delivery and not miss out on any previously diagnosed child with ASD. Aim: To compare the diagnostic criteria for ASD using DSM 5, DSM-IV-TR and ICD-10 (DCR-10) Methods: Hundred children in age of 2.5-16 years without any co-morbid severe/profound mental retardation and any one symptom suggestive of ASD, presenting consecutively to the outpatient department were assessed using DSM 5, ICD-10 (DCR-10) and DSM-IV-TR manuals It was a cross sectional study in which agreement analysis between the diagnostic criteria was done using Cohen’s Kappa coefficient (κ') using IBM SPSS Statistics 20. Results: Agreement analysis revealed DSM-5 ASD showed κ' = 0.846 and 0.874 with DSM-IV-TR, ICD 10 (DCR-10) respectively for childhood autism/autistic disorder. This agreement dropped for the analysis between DSM 5 ASD criteria and the DSM-IV-TR ASD (κ' =0.699 ); and ICD 10 (DCR-10) ASD(κ' = 0.703). DSM-5 ASD criteria overall had specificity values as 1 and 0.961 when compared with DSM-IV-TR ASD and ICD 10 (DCR-10) ASD. Conclusions: The diagnosis of autism will not be missed. Some children will no longer meet criteria for ASD under DSM-5 and will most likely be those diagnosed with Atypical Autism/PDD NOS, but possibly would meet criteria for DSM-5 SCD. ER  - 
Have mood disorders any influence over seizure control in patients with epilepsy?$$$ Objectives: To study the prevalence of mood disorders in patients with epilepsy and their relationship with seizure control. Methods: We conducted an observational and cross-sectional study of epileptic patients treated in our centre from January-2017 to June-2019. We classify patients into 2 groups according to crisis control: good control (≤1 crisis / month) and poor control (> 1 crisis / month) and we compare the demographic variables (age, sex, employment status and civil status), clinics (epilepsy type, crisis type, years of evolution of epilepsy), therapeutic (antiepileptic, antidepressant and anxiolytic drugs), presence of depression (NDDI-E scale), anxiety (GAD7 scale) and quality of life (QOLIE10). The data was collected by doctors and nurses after informed consent was signed. Results: 152 patients participated, 53% were men with a mean age of 44 ± 11 years. Sixty-eight percent (n = 103) had good crisis control and 32% (n = 49) poor control. Thirty-six point 6 percent had depression (NDDI-E> 15) and 42% anxiety (GAD> 10). Sixty percent of patients with depression and 54% with anxiety did not receive antidepressant and / or anxiolytic treatment. The factors associated with poor crisis control were the presence of depression (OR 2.3, P=.02) and a worse quality of life (OR 1.8, P=.01). Conclusions: The presence of altered mood in patients with epilepsy is frequent. In our series, depression and a worse quality of life were related to worse crisis control. ER  - 
Effect of prednisolone on language function in children with autistic spectrum disorder: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Objective: To describe the effect of prednisolone on language in children with autism spectrum disorder. This study is based upon two hypotheses: autism etiology may be closely related to neuroinflammation; and, an effective treatment should restore the individual's language skills. Method: This is a prospective, double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, carried out in a federal university hospital. The initial patient sample consisted of 40 subjects, which were randomized into two parallel groups. Inclusion criteria were: male gender, 3–7 years of age, and meeting the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders – 4th edition (DSM-IV) diagnostic criteria. The final sample consisted of 38 patients, of whom 20 were randomized to the placebo group and 18 to the active group. The latter received prednisolone for 24 weeks, at an initial dose of 1 mg/kg/day and a tapering dose from the ninth week onward. Language was measured on four occasions over a 12-month period by applying two Brazilian tools: the Language Development Assessment (ADL) and the Child Language Test in Phonology, Vocabulary, Fluency, and Pragmatics (ABFW). Results: The side effects were mild: two patients had hypertension, five had hyperglycemia, and two had varicella. Prednisolone increased the global ADL score in children younger than 5 years of age who had developmental regression (p = 0.0057). The ABFW's total of communicative acts also responded favorably in those participants with regression (p = 0.054). The ABFW's total of vocal acts showed the most significant results, especially in children younger than 5 years (p = 0.004, power = 0.913). Conclusions: The benefit of prednisolone for language scores was more evident in participants who were younger than five years, with a history of developmental regression, but the trial's low dose may have limited this benefit. The observed side effects do not contraindicate corticosteroid use in autism. ER  - 
One-year follow-up diagnostic stability of autism spectrum disorder diagnosis in a clinical sample of children and toddlers$$$ Some studies show that the diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorder could be considered reliable and stable in children aged 18 to 24 months. Nevertheless, the diagnostic stability of early ASD diagnosis has not yet been fully demonstrated. This observational study examines the one-year diagnostic stability of autism spectrum disorder diagnosis in a clinical sample of 147 children diagnosed between 18 and 48 months of age. The ADOS-2 scores were used in order to stratify children in three levels of symptom severity: Autism (AD; comparison score 5–7), Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD; comparison score 3–4), and Sub-Threshold Symptoms; (STS; comparison score 1–2). Results: Overall, the largest part of children and toddlers diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder between 18 and 48 months continued to show autistic symptoms at one-year follow-up evaluation. Neverthe-less, a significant percentage of children with higher ADOS severity scores exhibited a reduction of symptom severity and, therefore, moved towards a milder severity class one year later. Conversely, the number of subjects of the STS group meaningfully increased. Therefore, at one-year follow-up a statistically significant (χ2 (2) = 181.46, p < 0.0001) percentage of subjects (25.2% of the total) who had received a categorical diagnosis of Autistic Disorder or Autism Spectrum Disorder in baseline no longer met the criteria for a categorical diagnosis. Furthermore, children who no longer met the criteria for autism spectrum disorder continue to show delays in one or more neurodevelopmental areas, possibly related to the emergence of other neurodevelopmental/neuropsychiatric disorders. Overall, the comprehensive results of the study account for a high sensibility but a moderate stability of ASD early diagnosis. ER  - 
Identification of predictors of abnormal calcium, magnesium and phosphorus blood levels in the emergency department: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Purpose: With rising healthcare costs limiting access to care, the judicious use of diagnostic tests has become a critical issue for many jurisdictions. Calcium, magnesium and phosphorus serum levels are regularly performed tests in the emergency department, but their clinical relevance have come into question. Authors sought to determine risk factors that could predict abnormal calcium, magnesium and phosphorus serum levels, as well as identify patients who may need corrective interventions. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted in two academic hospitals in Québec City. Demographic and clinical characteristics of 1008 patients who had serum calcium and/ or magnesium and/or phosphorus levels drawn by an emergency physician were collected. Multivariate logistic regression models were fitted to obtain adjusted odds ratios for each risk factor for abnormal calcium or magnesium or phosphorus blood levels, and for a required intervention. Results: Among patients for whom calcium, magnesium and phosphorus were tested in the Emergency Department, the most significant risk factors (OR>2) for electrolytic abnormality were as follows: hypocalcemia – respiratory distress, diuretics (excluding loop and thiazide), anti-neoplastic medication, long QTc, chronic kidney disease (CKD); hypercalcemia – bone pain, vitamin D, hallucinations; hypomagnesemia – diabetes, corticosteroids; hypermagnesemia – poor extremity perfusion, CKD, furosemide; hypophosphatemia – seizure; hyperphosphatemia – phosphate-binders, CKD, peripheral vascular atherosclerotic disease. Of all patients tested, 3.4% received a corrective intervention initiated by the emergency physician. Predictors of intervention on an electrolyte abnormality include poor peripheral perfusion, nausea and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Conclusion: Emergency physicians can potentially reduce the unnecessary testing of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus blood levels by targeting patients with high-acuity conditions or chronic comorbidities such as CKD, diabetes and COPD. ER  - 
Pattern of usage of psychotropic agents in geriatric patients in a teritiary care hospital$$$ Psychotropic medications are used in the treatment of chronic psychotic disorders like anxiety, depression, insomnia, bipolar disorders, cognitive impair-ment, seizure, loss of consciousness, altered sensorium, delirium etc. The objective of this study is to describe the pattern of use of psychotropic medications in patients presenting to geriatrics department, to compare the pattern of usage of psychotropic medication at the time of admission versus at the time of discharge and to find out the dose optimization pattern in elderly patients. Observational retrospective study, conducted in the department of geriatrics. The sample size calculated for the study was 35. The study was carried out through AHIS and by reviewing case files. The data were collected on specially designed data collection forms. Consumption of the psychotropic drugs was the highest within 71-80 years of age group, of which 49.15% of patients fall in this age group. All of the patients prescribed with psychotropic medications had insomnia (26.70%), followed by anxiety (20.30%), seizure (20.30%) and depression (16.90%). Among the 2nd generation anti psychotropics, quetiap-ine was the most frequently prescribed drug (54.24%). Benzodiazepines were the preferred antidepressants (36%) followed by SSRIs. Sixty two percent of the patients continued the same dose prescribed from the outside hospital and a dose increment was done for 37.5% of the patients. The incidence of usage of psychotropic medications were found to be more with females. Atypical antipsychotic drugs were the most commonly used ones. Current evidence shows no superiority for atypical antipsychotics over haloperidol. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and treatment outcomes of de novo nonconvulsive status epilepticus: A retrospective study$$$ Background and Purpose Nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) is challenging to diag-nose. This study aimed to describe and classify the clinical features and electroencephalography (EEG) findings of patients with de novo NCSE and to correlate them with clinical outcomes. Methods We retrospectively reviewed the medical and EEG records of patients admitted to our institution with altered mentation and EEG abnormalities from January 1, 2013 to De-cember 31, 2018. We evaluated premorbid modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores, underlying disorders, precipitating factors, clinical manifestations, laboratory tests, and outcomes after a 3-month follow-up. Patients who met the Salzburg Consensus Criteria for NCSE were categorized into good-outcome and poor-outcome groups. A good outcome was defined as 1) clinical and electrographic seizures ceasing after treatment, and 2) an mRS score of ≤2 or remaining unchanged during the 3-month follow-up. A poor outcome was defined as 1) death, 2) seizures continuing despite treatment, or 3) a follow-up mRS score of ≥3 in a patient with a premorbid mRS score of ≤2, or a follow-up mRS score that increased in a patient with a premorbid mRS score of ≥3. Results The 48 included patients comprised 37 categorized into the good-outcome group and 11 into the poor-outcome group. The presence of acute metabolic disturbances was significantly correlated with poor outcome (p=0.036), while the other analyzed variables were not significantly correlated with outcomes. Conclusions Acute metabolic disturbances in NCSE are associated with poor outcomes. Ade-quate treatment of underlying reversible disorders alongside controlling seizures is critical for patients with NCSE. ER  - 
Switching antiepileptic drugs to once-daily dosing regimens in epilepsy patients$$$ Background: Antiepileptic drug (AED) non-adherence is an important factor contributing to poor seizure control in patients with epilepsy. Aim: The aim of this study is to investigate seizure improvement after switching AEDs to once-daily dosing regimens in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy related to AED non-adherence. Methods: We performed a 10-year retrospective analysis of drug-resistant epilepsy patients whom AED non-adherence attributed to drug resistance and switched AEDs to once-daily dosing regimens. Successful switching was defined by at least 70% reduction in seizure frequency without troublesome adverse events. Results: Among 401 patients with drug-resistant epilepsy, 88 patients with AED non-adherence were switched to once-daily dosing regimens. Forty-six patients (52.3%) experienced successful seizure control following the switch. A higher chance of successful switch was found in patients without MRI abnormality (16/46 vs. 24/42; P =.04) and in patients who were switched to extended-release formulations or different AEDs with longer half-lives (33/46 vs. 19/42; P =.02). Conclusions: Our study shows that switching AEDs to once-daily dosing regimens was an effective therapeutic option in patients with poor seizure control related to AED non-adherence. Treatment with extended-release formulations or drugs with longer half-lives should be considered in these patients. ER  - 
Understanding and Responding to Prescribing Patterns of Sodium Valproate-Containing Medicines in Pregnant Women and Women of Childbearing Age in Western Cape, South Africa$$$ Introduction: Growing evidence of the teratogenic potential of sodium valproate (VPA) has changed prescribing practices across the globe; however, the impact of this research and the consequent dissemination of a Dear Health Care Professional Letter (DHCPL) in December 2015, recommending avoidance of the teratogen VPA in women of childbearing age (WOCBA) and pregnant women in South Africa, is unknown. We explored trends and reasons for VPA use among pregnant women and WOCBA in the public sector in Western Cape Province from 1 January 2015 to 31 December 2017. Methods: Using the provincial health information exchange that collates routine electronic health data via unique patient identifiers, we analysed clinical and pharmacy records from 2015 to 2017 to determine prescription patterns of VPA and other antiepileptic drug (AED) and mood-stabilising medicine (MSM) use in WOCBA and pregnant women. Senior clinicians and policy makers were consulted to understand the determinants of VPA use. Results: At least one VPA prescription was dispensed to between 8205 (0.79%) and 9425 (0.94%) WOBCA from a cohort of approximately 1 million WOCBA attending provincial health care facilities per year. Prescriptions were more likely in HIV-infected women compared with HIV-uninfected women (1.1–1.3% vs. 0.7–0.9%; p < 0.001). VPA use in WOCBA remained stable at 0.8–0.9% over the review period despite the 2016 DHCPL. VPA was the most prescribed AED/MSM, constituting 43.2–45.5% of all WOCBA taking at least one such agent, while lamotrigine, the other recommended first-line agent, was only prescribed in 7.8–8.9% of WOCBA. Over 3 years, approximately 663 pregnancies were exposed to VPA, with a steady rise in the number of exposures each year (n = 204, 214 and 245, respectively). Conclusion: Despite warnings, VPA remained the most frequently prescribed AED or MSM in WOCBA. Contributing factors are described. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors of dry eye in 79,866 participants of the population-based Lifelines cohort study in the Netherlands$$$ Purpose: To investigate the prevalence of dry eye among all adult age categories and to discover independent risk factors by investigating a wide range of etiological categories. Methods: A cross-sectional association study including 79,866 voluntary participants aged 20–94 years of the population-based Lifelines Cohort Study in the Netherlands. Results: Overall, 9.1% of participants had dry eye disease as measured by the Women's Health Study dry eye questionnaire. Prevalence of dry eye symptoms were particularly prevalent in 20–30 years olds. Dry eye was associated with comorbidities in almost all body systems, including musculoskeletal, gastro-intestinal, ophthalmic, autoimmune, psychiatric, pain, functional, dermatological and atopic disorders. Numerous independent risk factors were discovered or confirmed, with strong associations for female sex, contact lens use, irritable bowel syndrome, fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, eye surgery including cataract and laser refractive surgery, keratoconus, osteoarthritis, connective tissue diseases, atherosclerosis, Graves' disease, autistic disorder, depression, ‘burnout’, Crohn's disease, sarcoid, lichen planus, rosacea, liver cirrhosis, sleep apnea, sinusitis, thyroid function, and air pollution (NO2). High blood pressure and high BMI were strongly associated with less dry eye, as was current smoking, while ex-smokers had more dry eye. No clear link between dry eye and lipid or blood glucose levels was found. Conclusions: This study on dry eye confirmed but also refuted many risk factors from smaller epidemiological studies, and discovered numerous new risk factors in multiple etiological categories. The finding that dry eye symptoms are particularly common in young adults is concerning, and warrants further study. ER  - 
Outcomes with a shorter multidrug-resistant tuberculosis regimen from Karakalpakstan, Uzbekistan$$$ Background: In 2016, World Health Organization guidelines conditionally recommended standardised shorter 9–12-month regimens for multidrug-resistant (MDR) tuberculosis (TB) treatment. We conducted a prospective study of a shorter standardised MDR-TB regimen in Karakalpakstan, Uzbekistan. Methods: Consecutive adults and children with confirmed rifampicin-resistant pulmonary TB were enrolled between September 1, 2013 and March 31, 2015; exclusions included prior treatment with second-line anti-TB drugs, and documented resistance to ofloxacin or to two second-line injectable agents. The primary outcome was recurrence-free cure at 1 year following treatment completion. Results: Of 146 enrolled patients, 128 were included: 67 female (52.3%), median age 30.1 (interquartile range 23.8–44.4) years. At the end of treatment, 71.9% (92 out of 128) of patients achieved treatment success, with 68% (87 out of 128) achieving recurrence-free cure at 1 year following completion. Unsuccessful outcomes during treatment included 22 (17.2%) treatment failures with fluoroquinolone-resistance amplification in 8 patients (8 out of 22, 36.4%); 12 (9.4%) lost to follow-up; and 2 (1.5%) deaths. Recurrence occurred in one patient. Fourteen patients (10.9%) experienced serious adverse events. Baseline resistance to both pyrazinamide and ethambutol (adjusted OR 6.13, 95% CI 2.01; 18.63) and adherence <95% (adjusted OR 5.33, 95% CI 1.73; 16.36) were associated with unsuccessful outcome in multivariable logistic regression. Conclusions: Overall success with a standardised shorter MDR-TB regimen was moderate with considerable treatment failure and amplification of fluoroquinolone resistance. When introducing standardised shorter regimens, baseline drug susceptibility testing and minimising missed doses are critical. High rates globally of pyrazinamide, ethambutol and ethionamide resistance raise questions of continued inclusion of these drugs in shorter regimens in the absence of drug susceptibility testing-confirmed susceptibility. ER  - 
Valproate prescribing practices for women with intellectual disability across Europe$$$ Background: Valproate (VPA) is a known teratogen associated with greater risk of major congenital malformations and other neurodevelopmental sequelae than all other licensed antiepileptic medicines. To reduce the potential for VPA-related teratogenicity, the European Medicines Agency issued recommendations in 2018. Over two-thirds of women/girls with intellectual disability (ID) may have treatment-resistant epilepsy that could benefit from VPA treatment. Aims: This investigation compared VPA prescribing practice for women/girls with ID between European countries, specifically evaluating the practice in the UK with that in other countries. Methods: An expert working group with representation from key stake-holding organizations developed a survey for dissemination to relevant professionals across Europe. Results: Seventy one responses were received (27 UK, 44 Europe). Clinicians in the UK were more likely to report that they are working to mandatory regulations compared with European respondents (P =.015). European respondents were less likely to be aware of user-independent contraception options (P =.06). In The UK, VPA regulations were more likely to be applied to women with ID than in Europe (P =.024). Conclusion: There is heterogeneity in the application of VPA regulations across Europe for women/girls with ID. In both the UK and Europe, the regulations lack suitable adjustments for specific ID-related factors. ER  - 
Health status of Medicare-enrolled autistic older adults with and without co-occurring intellectual disability: An analysis of inpatient and institutional outpatient medical claims$$$ Little is known about the extent to which the healthcare needs of autistic older adults with intellectual disability differ from autistic older adults without intellectual disability. We conducted a cross-sectional retrospective cohort study of Medicare claims data from 2016 to 2017 to compare the prevalence of physical and mental health conditions among autistic older adults (age 65+ years) with intellectual disability (N = 2054) to autistic older adults without intellectual disability (N = 2631). Medicare claims data consisted of records from inpatient hospitalizations and institutional outpatient visits (i.e. visits to hospital outpatient departments, rural health clinics, renal dialysis facilities, outpatient rehabilitation facilities, Federally Qualified Health Centers, and community mental health centers). Examination of the largest between-group differences revealed that autistic older adults with intellectual disability had 350% greater odds of epilepsy (odds ratio = 4.5, 95% confidence interval = 3.9–5.2), 170% greater odds of osteoporosis (odds ratio = 2.7, 95% confidence interval = 2.3–3.2), and 100% greater odds of gastrointestinal conditions (odds ratio = 2.0, 95% confidence interval = 1.8–2.2) but 80% lower odds of attention deficit disorders (odds ratio = 0.2, 95% confidence interval = 0.1–0.3), 70% lower odds of substance use disorders (odds ratio = 0.3, 95% confidence interval = 0.2–0.4), and 60% lower odds of suicidal ideation or intentional self-injury (odds ratio = 0.4, 95% confidence interval = 0.3–0.6). These findings highlight the importance of developing tailored health management strategies for the autistic older adult population as a function of intellectual disability status. Lay abstract: Little is known about the extent to which the healthcare needs of autistic older adults with intellectual disability differ from autistic older adults without intellectual disability. Our study is the first, to our knowledge, to use US national data to compare physical and mental health conditions among autistic older adults with and without intellectual disability. The data analyzed in this study consisted of records from inpatient hospitalizations as well as “institutional outpatient” healthcare visits, which include visits to hospital outpatient departments, rural health clinics, renal dialysis facilities, outpatient rehabilitation facilities, Federally Qualified Health Centers, and community mental health centers. Autistic older adults with intellectual disability were significantly more likely to have thyroid disorders, epilepsy, respiratory infections, gastrointestinal conditions, osteoporosis, cognitive disorders, and schizophrenia/psychotic disorders. In contrast, autistic older adults without intellectual disability were significantly more likely to have obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure, cerebrovascular disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, arthritis, back conditions, attention deficit disorders, substance use disorders, and suicidal ideation or intentional self-injury. These findings highlight the importance of developing distinct, tailored health management strategies for the autistic older adults with and without intellectual disability. ER  - 
Maternal known drug allergy and long-term neurological hospitalizations of the offspring$$$ Problem: Drug allergies are increasingly common. Immunological factors, implicated in many neurological diseases, also influence an individual's susceptibility. We sought to ascertain a possible association between maternal drug allergy and long-term neurological-related hospitalizations in the offspring. Method of study: This is a population-based cohort analysis, comparing the long-term risk of neurological-related hospitalization, involving a predefined set of ICD9 codes as recorded in hospital records, of children born to mothers with and without drug allergies. Deliveries occurred between the years 1991 and 2014 in a tertiary medical center. Twin pregnancies, fetal malformations, and cases of perinatal mortality were excluded. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was constructed to compare cumulative neurological hospitalizations. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to control for time to event. Results: The study included 242 342 patients, 9714 with known drug allergy (4%). Offspring born to mothers with drug allergies had significantly more neurological hospitalizations compared to controls (4.2% vs 3.1%; P ≤.001; Kaplan-Meier log-rank test P ≤.001), specifically for psychiatric disorders including eating disorders (0.3% vs 0.2%;P =.002), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (0.124% vs 0.056%; P =.008), emotional disorders (0.8% vs 0.5%; P ≤.001), and movement disorders (2.3% vs 1.8%; P =.002). While controlling for birth year, gestational age, maternal age, maternal diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and cesarean delivery, using a Cox proportional hazards model, maternal drug allergy was found to be an independent risk factor for neurological hospitalization of the offspring (adjusted HR 1.3, 95% CI 1.19-1.45 P <.001). Conclusion: Being born to a mother with known drug allergy is an independent risk factor for long-term neurological hospitalization of the offspring. ER  - 
Toxicity from illegitimate slimming agents–a 10-year case series at a tertiary toxicology laboratory in Hong Kong$$$ Context: This retrospective case-series study aims to provide an overview of the clinical, biochemical and analytical findings in patients who presented with toxicity related to the use of illegitimate slimming agents in Hong Kong from the perspective of a tertiary referral toxicology laboratory. Methods: All clinical cases referred to the Hospital Authority Toxicology Reference Laboratory, Hong Kong with clinical suspicion of illegitimate slimming agent-related toxicity between January 2008 and December 2017 were reviewed retrospectively. The use of illegitimate slimming agents included the use of (1) deregistered slimming agents, (2) drug analogues that were not registered drugs, (3) registered drugs not approved for the indication of weight reduction (whether prescribed by a doctor or not), and (4) prescription-only slimming agents without a doctor’s prescription. Patients taking registered weight-reducing drugs prescribed by a doctor were excluded. Patient demographics, clinical features, relevant laboratory investigations, and toxicological findings were analyzed. Results: From 2008 to 2017, a total of 346 patients were analytically confirmed by our laboratory to have clinical toxicity related to the use of illegitimate slimming agents. The median age of the patients was 27 years and 92.5% of the patients were female. The most common clinical presentations included psychiatric features, sympathomimetic toxicity, hypokalemia, and abnormal thyroid function tests. Fatal or severe clinical toxicity was observed in 10% of the cases. The major classes of drugs detected on our analytical platforms were stimulants (e.g., sibutramine), laxatives (e.g., anthraquinones), diuretics (e.g., hydrochlorothiazide), and thyroid hormones (e.g., animal thyroid tissue). These illegitimate slimming agents were obtained from various sources including the Internet, over-the-counter in community pharmacy, or unspecified local sources. Discussion and conclusions: The use of slimming agents is common worldwide; apart from taking registered slimming agents prescribed by registered practitioners, many users obtain slimming agents from various illegitimate sources. The unregulated use of these drugs can be associated with significant clinical toxicity. This study provides a current landscape of illegitimate slimming agent toxicity in Hong Kong to frontline clinicians and other toxicology professionals. Collaboration between clinicians, laboratories, and government authorities would be imperative to prevent further health adversities related to the misuse of these agents. ER  - 
Depression, anxiety, and stress symptoms and its associated factors among residents of gondar town during the early stage of covid-19 pandemic$$$ Purpose: An acute respiratory disease caused by the novel coronavirus disease (COVID) was identified in late 2019. COVID-19 triggered a wide range of psychological problems, such as anxiety, depression, and stress. However, studies on mental health status in developing countries including Ethiopia related to COVID-19 are very limited. Therefore, this study was aimed at determining the magnitude of depression, anxiety, and stress, and their associated factors among Gondar town population during the early stage of the COVID-19 pandemic. Patients and Methods: A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 660 residents of Gondar town in April 2020. A multi-stage sampling technique was employed to select study participants. A 21 item depression, anxiety, and stress scale (DASS-21) was used. Variables with a p-value <0.05 in the final model were declared as statistically significant. Hosmer and Lemeshow goodness of fit test was used to check the model fitness. Results: In this study, the prevalence of depression was 32.0% (95% CI: 28.4–35.5), anxiety 25.8% (95% CI: 22.4–29.1), and stress 14.7% (95% CI: 12.0–17.4), respectively. The odds of developing depression was higher among female respondents (AOR=2.30, 95% CI: 1.01, 3.83) and ever smokers (AOR=2.8, 95 CI: 1.23, 6.28) as compared to their counterparts. Besides, history of medical illness and ever smoking increase the odds of anxiety by 2.3 (AOR=2.3; 95% CI: 1.42–3.76), and 2.8 (AOR=2.8; 95% CI: 1.23–3.83), respectively. Furthermore, being unemployed and family size of <5 increase the odds of stress by 2.1 (AOR=2.1; 95% CI: 1.17–3.83) and 1.8 (AOR=1.8; 95% CI: 1.09–2.81), respectively. Conclusion: In this study, the overall depression, anxiety, and stress were significantly high. There are number of factors associated with depression, anxiety, and stress. Designing and implementing tailored strategies for COVID-19 prevention and control could be supremely important to reduce mental health problems in the community. ER  - 
Early indicators of primary brain tumours: a population-based study with 10 years’ follow-up$$$ Background and purpose: To improve diagnoses of primary brain tumours, knowledge about early indicators is needed. Nationwide Danish health registries were used to conduct a population-based case–control study including all persons diagnosed with a primary brain tumour between 2005 and 2014 in Denmark. Methods: All 5135 adults diagnosed with a primary brain tumour in the Danish Cancer Registry were matched to 19 572 general population comparisons from the Danish Civil Registration System. Conditional logistic regression analyses were applied to estimate age- and multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (ORs) for the occurrence of a primary brain tumour up to 10 years after hospital diagnoses or prescription of medications related to nervous system diseases and mental and behavioural disorders. Results: Increased odds for primary brain tumour after nervous system diseases and mental and behavioural disorders manifested up to 10 years before tumour diagnosis were found. Increased odds were seen especially for hospital contacts for inflammatory nervous system diseases [OR 11.3; 95% confidence interval (CI) 6.5–19.7], epilepsy (OR 9.0; 95% CI 7.6–10.7) and antiepileptic medications (OR 3.6; 95% CI 3.2–4.0), whilst antidementia medications provided a strong, protective association for primary brain tumours (OR 0.5; 95% CI 0.3–0.8). Conclusions: Sub-groups of patients diagnosed with or being prescribed certain medications targeting nervous system diseases and mental and behavioural disorders may be at increased risk of being diagnosed with a primary brain tumour. Further studies should disentangle the potential underlying common pathogenetic pathways. The results are important for the development of systematic clinical approaches to ensure early diagnosis of primary brain tumours. ER  - 
Real-world evidence on the safety and effectiveness of fingolimod in patients with multiple sclerosis from Taiwan$$$ Background/Purpose: Multiple sclerosis is classified as a rare disease in Taiwan. This study evaluated the safety and effectiveness of fingolimod in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) from routine clinical practice in Taiwan. Methods: In this retrospective, multicentre, observational study, we collected clinical data of patients treated with fingolimod 0.5 mg/day in routine clinical practice between September 2012 and December 2015. Primary outcome was the overall safety of fingolimod; secondary outcome was the annualized relapse rate (ARR). Results: Overall, 62/69 (86.1%) patients were on fingolimod by the end of data collection period. Mean age (±standard deviation [SD]) at inclusion was 37.7 ± 10.10 years; mean duration of MS was 5.4 ± 4.52 years and mean duration of fingolimod exposure was 135.8 patient-years. The most common adverse events (AEs) were bradycardia (21.7%; first-dose related), upper respiratory tract infection, dizziness, and hypoaesthesia (numbness) (11.6% each), followed by urinary tract infection and back pain (7.2% each). Seven patients had liver enzyme-related AEs. Eight patients had absolute lymphocyte counts <0.2 × 103/uL over the study period. One patient developed second degree AV block after first-dosing. Serious AEs were observed in 11 patients (15.9%; mild-to-moderate). No newly developed macular oedema was detected. The ARR was 0.3 ± 0.74 in fingolimod-treated patients and 66.7% of patients were relapse-free. The mean (SD) change from baseline in expanded disability status scale score was −0.30 ± 1.353. Conclusion: Fingolimod 0.5 mg/day treatment with an average of 2 years of exposure was associated with a manageable safety profile, and maintained/improved effectiveness in RRMS patients from Taiwan. ER  - 
Functionality and performance of an accessorized pre-filled syringe and an autoinjector for at-home administration of tezepelumab in patients with severe, uncontrolled asthma$$$ Background: Tezepelumab is an anti-thymic stromal lymphopoietin monoclonal antibody in development for the treatment of severe asthma. This study assessed the functionality and performance of an accessorized pre-filled syringe (APFS) and an autoinjector (AI) for administration of tezepelumab in the clinic and at home. Methods: This phase 3, multicenter, randomized, open-label, parallel-group study (PATH-HOME, ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03968978) was conducted in patients aged 12–80 years with asthma that was uncontrolled despite treatment with medium-to high-dose inhaled corticosteroids plus at least one additional controller medication. Patients received six subcutaneous doses of tezepelumab 210 mg via APFS or AI. The first dose was administered by a healthcare professional, and patients or caregivers administered subsequent doses. First, second, third and final doses were administered in the clinic; fourth and fifth doses were administered at home. The primary endpoint was the proportion of successful administrations of tezepelumab. Secondary endpoints included the functionality and performance of the devices, Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ)-6 score, pharmacokinetics and safety. Results: Overall, 216 patients were randomized (APFS, n=111; AI, n=105). Tezepelumab was successfully administered via APFS by 91.7% of the participants (100/109) and via AI by 92.4% (97/105). Overall, 95.4–97.1% of at-home administrations were successful across device groups. Malfunction occurred in 6 of 655 dispensed APFSs and 5 of 624 dispensed AIs. Clinically meaningful improvements in ACQ-6 score were observed after 24 weeks in 81.1% and 76.2% of the patients in the APFS and AI groups, respectively. Tezepelumab pharmacokinetics were consistent between device groups and with previous studies. The most common adverse event was nasopharyngitis (9.3%). Injection-site reactions occurred in 5.7% and 0% of the patients in the AI and APFS groups, respectively. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that the APFS and AI were functional and reliable, and performed equally well at home and in the clinic. ER  - 
Telmisartan Plus S-Amlodipine Single-Pill Combination Therapy is Safe and Effective in Patients with Hypertension from Large-Scale Nationwide Surveillance Data in Korea (NOVEL) Study$$$ Introduction: We investigate the safety and efficacy of telmisartan plus S-amlodipine single-pill combination in a real-world population. Methods: A total of 44,715 patients who had hypertension and received a telmisartan/S-amlodipine single-pill combination at least once were included for safety and efficacy evaluation from 2852 primary to tertiary hospitals in Korea from August 2013 to December 2019. They were followed up for 3–6 months in terms of safety and efficacy of blood pressure (BP) lowering. Results: A total of 44,715 patients were included for safety analysis and 41,579 for efficacy analysis. Mean duration of taking the drug was 175.86 ± 48.45 days. A total of 28,096 (62.8%) patients were on telmisartan 40 mg plus S-amlodipine 2.5 mg combination followed by 80/2.5 mg (8664, 19.4%) and 40/5 mg of the drug (7136, 16.0%). Adverse events, total adverse drug reactions, and serious adverse drug reactions were found in 808 patients (1.81%), 352 (0.79%), and 1 (0.002%), respectively. Dizziness and headache were most common (134 [0.30%] and 81 [0.18%]) among all adverse events. Total edema and leg edema were rarely reported, 38 (0.08%) and 25 (0.06%), respectively. Systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP) was lowered from 143.1 ± 16.1/88.1 ± 11.8 mmHg to 129.6 ± 11.4/80.1 ± 9.0 mmHg (difference − 13.5/− 7.9 mmHg, P < 0.0001 for both). Target BP goal attainment rate defined as SBP < 140 mmHg and DBP < 90 mmHg was 74.6% (95% confidence interval [CI] 74.2–75.0) and BP response rate (defined as SBP < 140 mmHg or ≥ 20 mmHg reduction; DBP < 90 mmHg or ≥ 10 mmHg reduction) was 94.5% (95% CI 94.3–94.7). Conclusion: Telmisartan plus S-amlodipine single-pill combination was safe and effective in patients with hypertension in a large real-world population. ER  - 
The spectrum of functional neurological disorders: A retrospective analysis at a tertiary hospital in South Africa$$$ Background: Functional neurological disorders (FNDs) are commonly encountered in practice; however, there is a paucity of data in Africa. Aim: To identify and describe the clinical profile of patients presenting with FNDs, underlying medical and psychiatric diagnoses and review the investigation and management of these patients. Setting: Inkosi Albert Luthuli Central Hospital (IALCH), a tertiary-level hospital in Durban, South Africa. Methods: A retrospective chart review and descriptive analysis were performed over a 14-year period (2003–2017) on cases meeting the study criteria. Results: Of 158 subjects, the majority were female (72.8%), had a mean age of 32.8 years, were single (63.3%), unemployed (56.3%) and of black African ethnicity (64.6%). The most common clinical presentation was sensory impairment (57%) followed by weakness (53.2%) and seizures (38.6%). Inconsistency was the most frequent examination finding (16.5%). Medical conditions were identified in half of the study population (51.3%), with hypertension (22.2%) and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) (17.2%) being most common. Of patients with a psychiatric diagnosis (55.1%), 25.3% had depression. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was the most frequently performed investigation (36.1%). The majority of patients received psychotherapy (72%) and most had not shown improvement (55.3%) at a median follow-up of 2 months, whilst 17% had deteriorated. Conclusion: Functional neurological disorders were most frequently diagnosed in young unmarried females, of black African ethnicity. Family history, personal exposure to a neurological illness and certain socioeconomic factors may be potential risk factors. Sensory impairment was the most common clinical phenotype. Further studies are needed to better understand and manage FNDs in the South African context. ER  - 
Death-related factors in HIV/AIDS patients undergoing hemodialysis in an intensive care unit$$$ HIV-infected patients are at high risk for developing critical diseases, including opportunistic infections (OI), with consequent admission in intensive care units (ICU). Renal disfunctions are risk factors for death in HIV/AIDS patients, and survival rates in patients undergoing hemodialysis are smaller than the ones observed in the general population. In this context, this study aimed to investigate death-related factors in HIV/AIDS patients in an intensive care setting. This is a retrospective cross-sectional study performed through the analysis of medical records from 271 HIV/AIDS-diagnosed patients hospitalized in an intensive care unit of an infectious disease hospital, in Fortaleza, Ceara State, Brazil. Patients were divided into two groups: those who underwent dialysis during hospitalization and those who did not. Clinical and demographic parameters that could be associated with death were evaluated. Results indicated a prevalence of death of 19.1% (CI 95%: 14.8-24.3). The median age of patients was 47 years, with a male predominance (71.3%). The main causes of admission were pulmonary tuberculosis (16.9%), followed by neurotoxoplasmosis (14.9%). In the bivariate analysis, for those that did not undergo dialysis, age, fever, dyspnea, oliguria, disorientation, kidney injury, use of lamivudine and efavirenz, length of hospitalization, CD4 count, WBC count, platelet count, urea, sodium and LDH levels were the associated variables. In those who needed dialysis, the use of stavudine, abacavir and ritonavir, and the length of hospitalization were associated factors. Renal toxicity by the antiretroviral agents and length of hospitalization increased the risk of death among HIV patients under dialysis. ER  - 
Serious neurological adverse events of ceftriaxone$$$ We described ceftriaxone-induced CNS adverse events through the largest case series of Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs) reports, from 1995 to 2017, using the French Pharmacovigilance Database. In total, 152 cases of serious CNS ADRs were analyzed; 112 patients were hospitalized or had a prolonged hospitalization (73.7%), 12 dead (7.9%) and 16 exhibited life-threatening ADRs (10.5%). The median age was 74.5 years, mainly women (55.3%), with a median creatinine clearance of 35 mL/min. Patients mainly exhibited convulsions, status epilepticus, myoclonia (n = 75, 49.3%), encephalopathy (n = 45, 29.6%), confused state (n = 34, 22.4%) and hallucinations (n = 16, 10.5%). The median time of onset was 4 days, and the median duration was 4.5 days. The mean daily dose was 1.7 g mainly through an intravenous route (n = 106, 69.7%), and three patients received doses above maximal dose of Summary of Product Characteristics. Ceftriaxone plasma concentrations were recorded for 19 patients (12.5%), and 8 were above the toxicity threshold. Electroencephalograms (EEG) performed for 32.9% of the patients (n = 50) were abnormal for 74% (n = 37). We described the world’s biggest case series of ceftriaxone-induced serious CNS ADRs. Explorations (plasma concentrations, EEG) are contributive to confirm the ceftriaxone toxicity-induced. Clinicians may be cautious with the use of ceftriaxone, especially in the older age or renal impairment population. ER  - 
Tranexamic acid to reduce head injury death in people with traumatic brain injury: The CRASH-3 international RCT$$$ Background: Tranexamic acid safely reduces mortality in traumatic extracranial bleeding. Intracranial bleeding is common after traumatic brain injury and can cause brain herniation and death. We assessed the effects of tranexamic acid in traumatic brain injury patients. Objective: To assess the effects of tranexamic acid on death, disability and vascular occlusive events in traumatic brain injury patients. We also assessed cost-effectiveness. Design: Randomised trial and economic evaluation. Patients were assigned by selecting a numbered treatment pack from a box containing eight packs that were identical apart from the pack number. Patients, caregivers and those assessing outcomes were masked to allocation. All analyses were by intention to treat.We assessed the cost-effectiveness of tranexamic acid versus no treatment from a UK NHS perspective using the trial results and a Markov model. Setting: 175 hospitals in 29 countries. Participants: Adults with traumatic brain injury within 3 hours of injury with a Glasgow Coma Scale score of ≤ 12 or any intracranial bleeding on computerised tomography scan, and no major extracranial bleeding, were eligible. Intervention: Tranexamic acid (loading dose 1 g over 10 minutes then infusion of 1 g over 8 hours) or matching placebo. Main outcome measures: Head injury death in hospital within 28 days of injury in patients treated within 3 hours of injury. Secondary outcomes were early head injury deaths, all-cause and cause-specific mortality, disability, vascular occlusive events, seizures, complications and adverse events. Results: Among patients treated within 3 hours of injury (n = 9127), the risk of head injury death was 18.5% in the tranexamic acid group versus 19.8% in the placebo group (855/4613 vs. 892/4514; risk ratio 0.94, 95% confidence interval 0.86 to 1.02). In a prespecified analysis excluding patients with a Glasgow Coma Scale score of 3 or bilateral unreactive pupils at baseline, the results were 12.5% in the tranexamic acid group versus 14.0% in the placebo group (485/3880 vs. 525/3757; risk ratio 0.89, 95% confidence interval 0.80 to 1.00). There was a reduction in the risk of head injury death with tranexamic acid in those with mild to moderate head injury (166/2846 vs. 207/2769; risk ratio 0.78, 95% confidence interval 0.64 to 0.95), but in those with severe head injury (689/1739 vs. 685/1710; risk ratio 0.99, 95% confidence interval 0.91 to 1.07) there was no apparent reduction (p-value for heterogeneity = 0.030). Early treatment was more effective in mild and moderate head injury (p = 0.005), but there was no obvious impact of time to treatment in cases of severe head injury (p = 0.73).The risk of disability, vascular occlusive events and seizures was similar in both groups.Tranexamic acid is highly cost-effective for mild and moderate traumatic brain injury (base case of £4288 per quality-adjusted life-year gained). Conclusion: Early tranexamic acid treatment reduces head injury deaths. Treatment is cost-effective for patients with mild or moderate traumatic brain injury, or those with both pupils reactive. Future work: Further trials should examine early tranexamic acid treatment in mild head injury. Research on alternative routes of administration is needed. Limitations: Time to treatment may have been underestimated. Trial registration: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN15088122, ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01402882, EudraCT 2011-003669-14, Pan African Clinical Trial Registry PACTR20121000441277. ER  - 
Effects of khat use on response to antipsychotic medications in patients with newly diagnosed schizophrenia: A retrospective study$$$ Background: Khat contains the amphetamine-like cathinone, and can trigger onset of schizophrenia and exacerbate pre-existing psychosis. However, it remains unknown whether the use of khat complicates the outcome of schizophrenia treatment. Aims: We tested the hypothesis that patients with schizophrenia who are using khat will fail to respond to standard antipsychotic treatment. Methods: We retrospectively studied a consecutive series of patients who presented to an adult psychiatric clinic in Al-Amal Psychiatric Hospital in Jazan, Saudi Arabia, between January 1, 2013 and December 31, 2016. Patients with newly diagnosed schizophrenia on antipsychotic monotherapy (n = 1007, 817 men) were included and categorized into khat and non-khat users. A khat chewing index was developed to further categorize low, mild, moderate and heavy khat users. Antipsychotic medications were reviewed to determine their potential and the cause of substitution in association with khat use. Results: There were 483 (48%) khat users. Olanzapine, haloperidol and aripiprazole were the most frequently used drugs (46.3%, 15.6% and 10%, respectively). The retention rate of the initial drug differed between the khat users and nonusers (53.8% and 78.4%, respectively). The proportion of moderate and heavy users (55% and 49%, respectively) who changed their initial drug was greater than that of low and mild users (35.6% and 44.7%, respectively). Lack of drug efficacy was the most appealing reason for switching the initial drug among moderate (51.7%) and heavy khat users (48.4%). Conclusions: Khat use hinders an individual’s response to initial antipsychotic drug treatment for schizophrenia. Further studies are warranted to investigate the treatment decisions for this group of patients. ER  - 
A comparative analysis of kratom exposure cases in Thailand and the United States from 2010-2017$$$ Background: Interest in the Southeast Asian natural remedy kratom has increased in Western countries recently, along with increasing concern over its potential toxic effects. Objective: To describe and compare demographics, common co-exposure substances, clinical effects, treatments, and medical outcomes of kratom “abuse” exposures in the United States (US) and Thailand. Methods: This is a retrospective analysis of kratom “abuse” exposures, defined as use when attempting to gain a psychotropic effect, reported to the National Poison Data System (NPDS) in the US and the Ramathibodi Poison Center (RPC) in Thailand from 2010 to 2017. Multivariate analysis identified risk factors for severe medical outcomes, defined as both ICU admissions and death. Results: Nine-hundred-twenty-eight cases were included (760 from NPDS and 168 from RPC). A greater proportion of cases involved co-exposures in Thailand (64.8% versus 37.4%; odds ratio [OR] = 3.10, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 2.15–4.47, p < .01). Both countries had a similar prevalence of opioid and benzodiazepine co-ingestions, but the US had more co-ingestions with other sedatives (4.6% versus 0%, OR = 0, 95% CI = 0–0.47, p < .01). Common clinical effects included tachycardia (30.4%), agitation/irritability (26.2%), and drowsiness/lethargy (21.1%). Six deaths occurred, including one single-substance exposure in the US, three multiple-substance exposures in the US, and two multiple-substance exposures in Thailand. Severe medical outcomes were reported more frequently in the US (OR = 18.82, 95% CI = 5.85–60.56, p <.01). Conclusions: Despite lower frequencies of co-ingestants overall, US kratom abuse exposures yielded greater clinical severity. This disparity may be attributable to differences in the products labeled “kratom,” greater sedative co-exposures in the US, and/or differences in population genetics or use patterns. ER  - 
Cytotoxic t lymphocyte antigen 4 gene +49 A/G (Rs231775) polymorphism and susceptibility to systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Aim: To assess the probable role of +49AG polymorphism in susceptibility to SLE in an Egyptian population. Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a compound inflammatory chronic disease distinguished through the release of autoantibodies. Cytotoxic T lymphocyte associated antigen-4 is a main down controller of T-cell response; its dysregulation could affect SLE pathogenesis by altered T cells activation to self-antigens. Objectives: To evaluate the CTLA-4 +49AG allelic and genotype frequency in a sample of the Egyptian population and correlate them with disease susceptibility and clinical severity. Materials and methods: Including 100 patients with SLE and 100 healthy controls (age and gender matched), CTLA-4 exon 1 49 A>G Genotyping was done using Real-Time PCR. Results: No difference was noticed in genotype or allele distributions of the studied polymorphism between both groups. Similar genotypes and allele frequencies were established for the 2 groups after their stratification by the age of disease onset, clinical course, or severity. Conclusion: CTLA-4 +49AG gene polymorphism is not linked with the liability to develop SLE in the studied Egyptian population. Yet it is significantly related to disease severity. ER  - 
Trait impulsivity in Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy$$$ Objective: Impulsivity is a multidimensional construct that can predispose to psychopathology. Meta-analysis demonstrates an association between response impulsivity and Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy (JME), a common genetic generalized epilepsy. Here, we test the hypotheses that trait impulsivity is (i) elevated in JME compared to controls; (ii) moderated by specific seizure characteristics; and (iii) associated with psychiatric adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Methods: 322 participants with JME and 126 age and gender-matched controls completed the Barratt’s Impulsiveness Scale (BIS-brief) alongside information on seizure history and AED use. We compared group BIS-brief scores and assessed associations of JME BIS-brief scores with seizure characteristics and AED adverse effects. Results: The mean BIS-brief score in JME was 18.1 ± 4.4 compared with 16.2 ± 4.1 in controls (P = 0.0007). Elevated impulsivity was associated with male gender (P = 0.027), frequent absence seizures (P = 0.0004) and lack of morning predominance of myoclonus (P = 0.008). High impulsivity significantly increased the odds of a psychiatric adverse event on levetiracetam (P = 0.036), but not any other psychiatric or somatic adverse effects. Interpretation: Trait impulsivity is elevated in JME and comparable to scores in personality and neurotic disorders. Increased seizure frequency and absence of circadian seizure pattern moderate BIS score, suggesting disruption of both cortico-striatal and thalamocortical networks as a shared mechanism between seizures and impulsivity in JME. These findings warrant consideration of impulsivity as a distinct target of intervention, and as a stratifying factor for AED treatment in JME, and perhaps other types of epilepsy. The role of impulsivity in treatment adherence and psychosocial outcome requires further investigation. ER  - 
Characteristics of persons accused of intimate partner homicide amongst forensic psychiatric observations$$$ Background: Intimate partner homicide (IPH) is a global public health problem. One study conducted over 66 countries found that 13.5% of all homicides and 38.6% of female homicides were committed by an intimate partner. In South Africa, there were no published studies that examine alleged perpetrators of IPH that were referred for forensic psychiatric observation. Aim: To describe the profile of accused persons referred for forensic psychiatric observation for a charge of murder or attempted murder of their intimate partners. Certain characteristics were further examined according to the psychiatric observation outcomes. Setting: The study was conducted at Sterkfontein Hospital, a forensic psychiatric hospital in Gauteng, South Africa. Methods: A retrospective record review of accused persons referred for forensic psychiatric observation for a charge of murder or attempted murder of their intimate partners was conducted. The period of the review was 19 years. The definition of intimate partners included current or former spouses and partners, same-sex partners and rejected suitors. Results: One hundred and sixty-three files, which included forensic psychiatric reports, were reviewed. The findings related to the profile of accused persons and offence characteristics indicated that: (1) history of violent behaviour is prevalent; (2) homicides mostly occur in private homes; (3) knives and firearms are most often used; (4) infidelity, separation and jealousy are common motives; (5) psychotic disorders, personality disorders and substance use disorders feature prominently. A total of 88% of the sample were found fit to stand trial and 82% were found criminally responsible. Factors significantly associated with being found fit to stand trial and criminally responsible following the forensic psychiatric observation were: male gender, having received a tertiary education, employment prior to the offence, earning a salary of more than R10 000, having no previous psychiatric or medical illness, a positive forensic history, previous intimate partner violence (IPV) perpetration, indicating a motive for the homicide, having no psychiatric illness at the time of the offence which would impact fitness to stand trial and criminal responsibility. Factors significantly associated with being found not fit to stand trial and not criminally responsible following the forensic psychiatric observation were: female gender, having received a primary education, unemployment prior to the offence, having a previous psychiatric or medical illness, no forensic history, no previous IPV perpetration, not indicating a motive for the homicide, having a psychiatric illness at the time of the offence which would impact fitness to stand trial and criminal responsibility. Conclusion: The characteristics highlighted in this study can contribute to the development of risk assessment tools which can be used to identify likely perpetrators of IPH. Other interventions, for example controlling access to knives and firearms, reducing substance abuse and improving mental health services, are also important in the prevention of IPH. ER  - 
The effect of substance abuse on depression, anxiety, and stress (DASS-21) in epileptic patients$$$ Background: Psychological symptoms are common problems in chronic medical patients who are often overlooked or treated incompletely. Inaccuracy in timely diagnosis and treatment of these symptoms can have important consequences for these patients. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of substance abuse on anxiety, depression, and stress in epileptic patients. Methodology: The study population in this descriptive and case-control research consisted of the epileptic patients who referred to Farabi Medical Center in Kermanshah in Iran during 2018–2019. Seventy-nine epileptic patients with a history of substance abuse and 41 epileptic patients with no history of substance abuse were assessed. These selected peoples completed two checklists of the researcher-made demographic questionnaire and the short form of depression, anxiety and stress scale (DASS21). Results: Mean (±SD) age of epileptic patients was 32.8 ± 11.42 years. In epileptic addicted, the lowest and highest seizure rates were observed in opium (0.44), marijuana (0.80) and tramadol (0.67), abusive patients respectively. The single variable and multivariate analysis also showed that after controlling for confounding variables, the DASS21 scale score of 21 questions was 6.02 (0.90–11.15) higher than epileptic patients without substance abuse. Conclusion: The results show that psychological symptoms have an important role in the development of addiction among epileptic patients. Identifying these symptoms in high-risk groups, such as chronic medical patients, can be effective in designing preventive and therapeutic interventions to reduce epilepsy-related problems as well as seizure and substance abuse in these patients. ER  - 
Subanesthetic dose of ketamine for the antidepressant effects and the associated cognitive impairments of electroconvulsive therapy in elderly patients—A randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical study$$$ Objectives: We previously confirmed that low-dose ketamine, as an adjunctive anesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in adult patients with depression, accelerates the effects of ECT and reduces the ECT-induced learning and memory deficits. This study explored the efficacy and safety of low-dose ketamine in elderly patients with depression. Methods: Elderly patients with depression (N = 157) were randomly divided into two groups: propofol anesthesia group (group P) and propofol combined with ketamine anesthesia group (group KP). Patients in group KP were given low-dose ketamine (0.3 mg/kg) for each ECT treatment; patients in group P were given the same amount of normal saline. Depressive symptoms and global cognitive functions were assessed using the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Mini-Mental State Examination, respectively, at baseline, 1 day after the 1st, 2nd, 4th, and 6th ECT sessions, and 1 day after the end of the ECT course. ECT effects of and complications were recorded. Results: In total, 67 patients in group KP and 70 in group P completed the study. After the ECT, the response and remission rates were 82.09% and 73.13%, respectively, in group KP, and 81.43% and 68.57%, respectively, in group P; there was no statistical difference between groups. However, the incidence of cognitive function impairment was lower in group KP (10.4%) than in group P (25.7%), while different electrical dose and seizure duration were required during the course of treatment between the two groups. There was no difference in the complications of ECT between groups. Conclusions: Low-dose ketamine is safe as an adjunct anesthetic for elderly patients subjected to ECT. It has a protective effect on cognitive function and may accelerate the antidepressant effects of ECT. ER  - 
Primary care electronic medical records can be used to predict risk and identify potentially modifiable factors for early and late death in adult onset epilepsy$$$ Objective: To use clinically informed machine learning to derive prediction models for early and late premature death in epilepsy. Methods: This was a population-based primary care observational cohort study. All patients meeting a case definition for incident epilepsy in the Health Improvement Network database for inclusive years 2000-2012 were included. A modified Delphi process identified 30 potential risk factors. Outcome was early (within 4 years of epilepsy diagnosis) and late (4 years or more from diagnosis) mortality. We used regularized logistic regression, support vector machines, Gaussian naive Bayes, and random forest classifiers to predict outcomes. We assessed model calibration, discrimination, and generalizability using the Brier score, mean area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) derived from stratified fivefold cross-validation, plotted calibration curves, and extracted measures of association where possible. Results: We identified 10 499 presumed incident cases from 11 194 182 patients. All models performed comparably well following stratified fivefold cross-validation, with AUCs ranging from 0.73 to 0.81 and from 0.71 to 0.79 for early and late death, respectively. In addition to comorbid disease, social habits (alcoholism odds ratio [OR] for early death = 1.54, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.12-2.11 and OR for late death = 2.62, 95% CI = 1.66-4.16) and treatment patterns (OR for early death when no antiseizure medication [ASM] was prescribed at baseline = 1.33, 95% CI = 1.07-1.64 and OR for late death after receipt of enzyme-inducing ASM at baseline = 1.32, 95% CI = 1.04-1.66) were significantly associated with increased risk of premature death. Baseline ASM polytherapy (OR = 0.55, 95% CI = 0.36-0.85) was associated with reduced risk of early death. Significance: Clinically informed models using routine electronic medical records can be used to predict early and late mortality in epilepsy, with moderate to high accuracy and evidence of generalizability. Medical, social, and treatment-related risk factors, such as delayed ASM prescription and baseline prescription of enzyme-inducing ASMs, were important predictors. ER  - 
How often do neurological disorders lead to dizziness in childhood?$$$ Objective: The aim of the study was to determine the features and differential diagnosis of childhood dizziness and find out the prevalence of neurological diseases in children who were referred to the pediatric neurology outpatient clinic. A secondary aim was to evaluate the outcome of dizziness after 12 months. Material and Methods: The records of children with a complaint of dizziness that were referred to the pediatric neurology outpatient clinic were retrospectively reviewed, and detailed medical and family history, clinical characteristics, laboratory investigations including vitamin B12 levels, and neuroimaging tests were analyzed. Patients were grouped as neurological disorders and non-neurological disorders. Neurological disorders included vestibular migraine, benign paroxysmal vertigo, and epilepsy, and non-neurological disorders contained the remaining disorders. Results: The study consisted of 60 children (36 females, 24 males) with a mean age of 11.7±4.1 years. The most common diagnoses were vestibular migraine (21.7%) and orthostatic hypotension (20%). We found that the incidence of neurological diseases was 40% (vestibular migraine, 21.7%; epilepsy, 10%; benign paroxysmal vertigo, 8.3%). When we compared the neurological disorders with non-neurological disorders, there was a significant difference in terms of age at onset and duration of attacks (p=0.001 for both), whereas no significant difference was detected in terms of gender, frequency of attacks, and vitamin B12 levels. We detected ongoing symptoms in 10% of the patients who were diagnosed with vestibular migraine and psychogenic dizziness. Conclusion: Both non-neurological and neurological diseases are common in etiology of children with dizziness. ER  - 
Severe acute toxic exposures in children and adolescents: Case series$$$ Objective: To describe a case series of severe acute toxic exposures (SATE) in individuals <20 years old followed-up by a regional Poison Control Center (PCC). Methods: Descriptive cross-sectional study. All patients who were <20yo and classified as score 3 (severe) and 4 (fatal) following Poisoning Severity Score were included for analysis. According to the outcome, patients were classified as PSS 3 when they developed intense clinical manifestations with risk of death or important sequelae; and as PSS 4 when death had resulted from direct cause or complication of the initial exposure. The data of patients were obtained from the Brazilian electronic database system (DATATOX). Results: During the biennium 2014-2015, Campinas PCC followed up 5,095 patients <20yo, with 30 being classified as SATE (PSS=3, n=24; PSS=4, n=6). The exposures circumstances were unintentional (15); intentional (14; suicide attempt = 11; street drugs consumption = 3); and not explained (1). The exposures were significantly more frequent in adolescents >14yo (n=17; p<0.01). The involved agents were venomous animals (8; scorpions=5); medicines (8; miscellaneous=6); chemicals (6); illegal rodenticides containing acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (chumbinho, 4); drugs of abuse (3); button battery (1). Three patients evolved with sequels (esophageal stricture post-corrosive ingestion). The median length of hospital stay was 6 days (IQR: 5-12 days); 26 patients were treated in intensive care units, and 22 of them needed mechanical ventilation; 12, inotropic/vasopressors; and 3, renal replacement therapy. Conclusions: Scorpion stings and poisonings caused by medicines and chemicals were the main causes of SATE. The SATE were significantly more frequent in adolescents, due to deliberate self-poisoning. ER  - 
Clinical Conditions and Prescription Drug Utilization among Early Medical Marijuana Registrants in Florida$$$ Initial legalization of medical marijuana (MM) in Florida required providers to submit initial and follow-up treatment plan forms to the University of Florida to support research on MM safety and efficacy. This study retrospectively analyzed all treatment plan forms submitted between program inception (August 2016) through July 2017 and describes early Florida MM registrants by clinical conditions and prescription drug utilization. Among 7,548 unique treatment plans, the initial visit was characterized by registrants who were mostly white (83.7%), 52.3 (SD 16.4) years of age on average, and who were assessed by the provider as at least moderately ill (79.6%). Musculoskeletal and spasticity-related conditions (44.8%), chronic pain (41.9%), and mental health disorders (17.0%) were the most frequent medical complaints for seeking MM treatment with more than one condition per patient possible. One in four (25.9%) patients reported use of prescription opioids and over one-fifth of patients frequently utilized at least one psychotropic medication as well as cardiovascular agents. There were 2,075 unique follow-up plans available which were mostly characterized by clinical improvement and reported reductions in utilization of some drug classes. Further research is needed to guide clinicians on the risks and benefits of MM used concomitantly with prescription drugs. ER  - 
Screening of tuberous sclerosis-associated neuropsychiatric disorders in korea using the tand checklist$$$ Purpose: The present study aimed to elucidate the clinical characteristics of children with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) in Korea using the Tuberous Sclerosis-Associated Neuropsychiatric Disorders (TAND) checklist to evaluate the comorbidities of neurocognitive and socioemotional problems in the Korean clinical setting. Methods: A survey based on the TAND checklist was administered to 58 children with TSC receiving treatment on an outpatient basis. Their medical records and test results were retrospectively examined. Results: At the time of TAND administration, 35 (64.8%) of the participants had focal epilepsy, three (5.6%) had generalized epilepsy, six (11.1%) had infantile spasms, and seven (13.0%) had Lennox–Gastaut syndrome. The most frequently reported behavioral problem was difficulty getting on with other people of similar age (38/58, 65.5%). Twenty patients had received previous diagnoses of psychiatric disorders, six of whom had received two or more concurrent diagnoses. A further evaluation after testing with the TAND checklist identified new psychiatric disorders in two patients. Among the 35 children who underwent a formal evaluation of intelligence, 27 (77.1%) exhibited intellectual disability. Of the school-aged patients, 65.6% (21/32) experienced difficulties with mathematics and 56.3% (18/32) with spelling. Difficulty dual-/multi-tasking (27/58, 46.6%) and low self-esteem (18, 31.0%) were the most frequent neuropsychological and psychosocial issues, respectively. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that patients with TSC tend to experience neurocognitive and socioemotional difficulties, and regular screening for TAND using the TAND checklist can be helpful for managing children with TSC in the clinical setting. ER  - 
Once-daily extended-release levetiracetam improves medication compliance in adolescent epilepsy patients$$$ Purpose: Since pharmacologic agents are the mainstay of epilepsy treatment, drug compliance is one of the most important factors in seizure control. Once-daily levetiracetam (LEV) has been proven to have the same efficacy as that of an immediate-release (IR) formulation. A reduced number of doses may improve drug compliance and patient satisfaction. The aim of this study was to assess drug compliance and patient satisfaction when changing from IR to an extend-ed-release (ER) formulation. Methods: Adolescent patients diagnosed with epilepsy who were taking LEV from 2018 to 2020 were included in this study. Compliance charts were reviewed retrospectively. We compared the frequency of seizure occurrence with the frequency of skipping doses and adverse effects before and after changing formulations. Changes in subjective compliance and satisfaction were also investigated. Results: Among 585 patients taking LEV, 44 were included in this study. The average age of the included patients was 16.4±2.0 years. There was no significant change in the average seizure frequency (P=0.491) after switching formulations. Objective compliance based on chart records sig-nificantly improved after switching formulations (P=0.021). Additionally, 26 of 44 patients men-tioned how they felt about switching formulations, of whom 25 (96.2%) were satisfied with the ER formulation. Thirteen of 24 patients (54.2%) reported better compliance. Conclusion: Our study shows that the efficacy of LEV ER was similar to that of the IR formula-tion. The reduced number of medication doses improved patient satisfaction and medication compliance. LEV ER may be preferable in adolescent epilepsy patients. ER  - 
Diffusion-weighted-imaging negative stroke syndromes$$$ Objective: Normal diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) during the acute symptomatic phase of an ischemic stroke is a rare, but a well-known phenomenon. The exact rate and the clinical correlates of this phenomenon are not satisfactorily elucidated. Materials and Methods: Consecutive patients who were hospitalized with the diagnosis of acute ischemic stroke in the last 10 years and who had DWI (with a bmax of 1000 s/mm2) in the first 12 hours were included. A systematic review of published DWI-negative stroke cases and case series was performed. Alternate diagnoses including transient ischemic attack or stroke mimics such as seizure, migraine, functional disorders, and post-stroke recrudescence were excluded. Results: The diagnosis of DWI-negative stroke syndrome was made in 20 (1.3%) of 1.506 patients hospitalized in Hacettepe Hospitals. A literature search disclosed another 535 (6.6%) DWI-negative strokes out of 8.101 cases. A total of 115, identified in case reports and cohort (n=19) articles, were combined with our cases to delineate further characteristics of DWI-negative clinical stroke syndromes. DWI-negative syndromes (n=135) were “brainstem mini-strokes” (31.1%), “cortical small embolic infarcts” (5.2%), “pure penumbral stroke” (normal DWI with magnetic resonance perfusion deficit) (34.8%); “aborted stroke” (early and fully recanalized stroke, only diagnosable in patients with documented acute vessel occlusion) (5.2%); and “miscellaneous” (23.7%). Corresponding clinical stroke syndromes include partial hemispheric deficits (36.1%), focal cortical syndromes (4.3%), caudal brainstem syndromes (9.3%), acute isolated vertigo (9.3%), vertigo-plus syndromes (10.1%), ocular syndromes (7.4%), movement disorders (1.9%), typical lacunar syndromes (11.1%), and atypical lacunar syndromes such as ataxia ± dysatrhria (9.3%). Conclusion: In clinical practice of acute ischemic stroke, early DWI imaging can be negative in various clinical syndromes. Imaging repetition is necessary for the diagnosis and management plan of these patients. ER  - 
Continuous theta-burst stimulation over the right orbitofrontal cortex in treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder treatment: A randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Purpose: Examining whether modulation of right orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) activity by continuous theta-burst stimulation (cTBS) affects obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) symptoms. Patients and Methods: A total of 28 treatment-resistant OCD participants were treated with either active or sham cTBS of the OFC twice per day, for five days a week, for 2 weeks, in a double-blinded manner. Clinical response to treatment was determined using the Yale– Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS). Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the 2 groups after two weeks of treatment in the Yale–Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale score (group*time interaction, F2,20=0.996, p=0.387) and other secondary outcome measures, including anxiety symptoms and responder rates. Depressive symptoms improved significantly in the active group (p=0.027), but the significant difference disappeared at 6 weeks (p=0.089). Conclusion: This is the first randomized controlled study using cTBS in the right OFC to observe the improvement of treatment-resistant OCD symptoms. It is safe to use cTBS, but 2 weeks of treatment is not enough to achieve a curative effect. Future studies are needed to explore more advanced stimulation parameters suitable for the treatment of OCD. ER  - 
Value of p300 as a screening tool of cognitive impairment in epilepsy: A prospective study from india$$$ Objective. Preservation of cognition is essential for good quality life. Epileptic pathological processes and pharmacotherapy are thought to be responsible for the cognitive dysfunction (CDF) in persons with epilepsy (PWE). Regular monitoring of persons on antiepileptic drugs (AED) for CDF is recommended. P300, an attention dependent event related potential (ERP), is known to be abnormal in PWE. The value of P300 in monitoring cognitive functions has not been tested prospectively. Material and methods. PWE not exposed to AED in preceding 6 months were recruited and prescribed one of the three common AEDs i.e. carbamazepine, phenytoin and valproate. Subjective tests of cognition-MoCA, Trail making test, Paragraph memory tests, Stroop test in addition to P300 ERP were administered before initiating AED and repeated after three months on the prescribed AED. The significance of the change in the scores of cognitive tools and P300 latency was ascertained by paired t-test. Outcome. Thirty eight PWE (females 18, mean age mean = 22.89±9.39 yr) qualified the inclusion criterion. The values of P300 latency and deployed subjective tests of cognition at two data collection points were compared with the clinical profile of the patients. Performance of the patients deteriorated on all the cognitive batteries after exposure to AED (mean 107.84±19.2 days). The deterioration was independent of education level, type of AED and seizures. Prolongation of P300 latency from baseline was seen in 30 of 38 patients (78.94%). The sensitivity of P300 for picking cognitive dysfunction was 80.64% taking MoCA scores as a reference. Conclusions. Attention along with several other domains of cognition is affected adversely with AED exposure. The P300 could be useful for monitoring cognitive adverse effects of AED in PWE. ER  - 
Seizure semiology in temporal lobe vs. Temporal plus epilepsy using intracranial eeg monitoring$$$ Objectives: To utilize our tertiary center’s experience with Temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) and Temporal plus epilepsy (TPE) cases and determine whether a correlation exists between ictal semiology signs, their localization/ lateralization value after intracranial electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring, and surgical outcomes. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted among epilepsy patients who underwent resective surgery for TLE or TPE after intracranial EEG monitoring between January 2008 and December 2018 at King Faisal Specialist Hospital in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Data were retrieved for 464 patients; 181 had intracranial electrode monitoring. Results: Forty-eight patients with a mean age of 27 years (SD=8.4) were included; 15 patients had TPE. Auras were frequently reported, emotional auras, in the form of fear (35%). The localization/lateralization value of aura was statistically significant for TPE patients, including visual hallucinations and vertigo, lateralized to the left and right temporo-occipital, respectively (p=0.009 and <0.001). Early-onset ictal manual automatism, oral automatism, late-onset dystonic posture, and late head-turning were significant for TLE without significant lateralization value. The ictal onset zone’s localization was significant between the scalp and intracranial EEG findings in mesial TLE patients. The probability of seizure freedom (Engel class I) was 74%, 60%, and 67% at 2-year follow-up for mesial, lateral TLE, and TPE, respectively. Conclusion: Our results are consistent with previous studies and confirm the importance of ictal semiology signs in TLE and TPE. The addition of intracranial EEG monitoring in these cases helped improve the surgical outcomes. ER  - 
Longitudinal factors associated with mortality in older patients with mood disorders$$$ Background: To clarify the longitudinal risk factors for mortality in older people with bipolar disorder (BD) and major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: This study is a national cohort study of older patients with mood disorders. Patients were identified from Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database and followed from 2008 to 2011. We determined the mortality rates and standardized mortality ratios (SMRs) in this study population. Survival analyses were conducted to examine factors and healthcare utilization patterns associated with mortality during the 3-year follow-up period. Results: 26,570 patients aged ≥ 65 years and diagnosed with and treated for BD or MDD in 2008 were enrolled (5,854 and 20,716 with BD and MDD, respectively). Within the 3-year follow-up period, 15.24% (n=4048) of the enrolled patients died, including 1003 (17.13%) in the BD and 3045 (14.70%) in the MDD groups. The SMRs for BD and MDD were 1.65 (1.56–1.76), and 1.26 (1.21–1.32), respectively. Among the examined comorbidities, dementia, diabetes mellitus and renal diseases each constituted an elevated relative mortality risk. By contrast, hypertension and hyperlipidemia were associated with a lower risk of mortality. Limitation: In Taiwan's National Health Insurance program, specific medications are prescribed for specific diagnoses and confounding by indication should be kept in mind. Conclusion: Older patients with mood disorders had a relatively high mortality risk over the 3-year follow-up period. Early detection, risk prevention, and better management of comorbid physical and mental disorders can improve the health outcomes of older patients with BD and MDD. ER  - 
Symptomatic intracranial embolic foreign-body reactions after endovascular neurointerventional procedures: A retrospective study in a tertiary hospital$$$ Introduction: Polymer-coats may peel-off the surface of catheters and devices during endovascular procedures and might lead to brain inflammatory foreign-body reactions. Methods: We conducted a retrospective, descriptive, single-centre study including all patients with symptomatic intracranial oedematous and contrast-enhancing lesions after any neurointerventional procedure performed in our hospital between 2013 and 2019. Results: From a total of 7446 neurointerventional procedures, 11 cases were identified (9 female, 2 male, median age 47 year-old), with an incidence of 0.14 %. The procedures were therapeutic in all: ten aneurysm embolization/isolation, one acute ischaemic stroke recanalization. Intracranial coils, stent or both were placed in all. Symptoms appeared during the following one day to fourteen months (median of 4.2 weeks). Brain MRI showed oedematous, contrast-enhancing lesions scattered through the vascular territory of the canalized vessel. Brain biopsy confirmed the diagnosis in one case and was supportive in another one. Eight patients received immunosuppression. No treatment was started in two. After a median time of follow-up of 3.5 years, five patients are totally asymptomatic. One patient presents slight weakness. Four patients have remote symptomatic seizures, but they have comorbid lesions (previous stroke, intracranial haemorrhage, biopsy needle-track's gliosis). Follow-up MRI showed significant improvement in all the cases, with complete resolution in five. Non-symptomatic lesion fluctuation was observed in three cases. Two patients experienced symptomatic rebounds. Conclusion: Intracranial embolic foreign-body symptomatic reactions are uncommon complications of neurointerventional procedures. Diagnostic angiographies might have lower risk of polymer-embolization than therapeutic procedures. This entity's early recognition enables making proper diagnosis and treatment decisions. ER  - 
Utility of EEG on attention deficit–hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)$$$ Objective: The aim of our study was to analyze electrophysiological findings in patient with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) by electroencephalography (EEG) recording, estimate the prevalence of epilepsy in ADHD population and assess its clinical characteristics. Methods: We conducted a retrospective and analytic study that concerned children with ADHD, followed for at least two-years in the Tunisian National Center for School and University Medicine (NCSUM). All patients recruited underwent at the diagnosis of ADHD, neurological examination and EEG recording in the department of Neurology of Charles Nicolle Hospital. Medical data including family history, ictal semiology and ADHD features were assessed. Results: Thirty patients were enrolled in our study. Mean age was 12.27 years with a sex ratio of 3.28. Mean age at diagnosis of ADHD was 6.6 years. Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disordercombined subtype was seen in 18/30 patients, Hyperactive/ Impulsive subtype in 7/30 patients and Inattentive subtype in 5/30 patients. Epilepsy-disease was reported in 20% (Seizures preceded the diagnosis of ADHD in 3/6 cases and appeared after an average of 3.67 years in 3/6 cases). Mean age of seizure onset was 7 years. Seizure-types were generalized (motor 4/6 cases, absence-type (1/6 case)) and focal (1/6 case). Electroencephalography revealed Epileptiform discharges in 30% with frontal and left dominance. Interictal discharges were significantly associated with younger age of onset (p: 0.02), inattentive subtype (p: 0.04) and intellectual disability (p: 0.04). These discharges was not associated with epilepsy. Conclusion: Our results have shown that epileptiform discharges could be used as risk factor for seizures and cognitive impairment which may influence outcome in ADHD population. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidities, sexual health and neurodevelopmental outcomes of offspring in men with epilepsy$$$ Background: There is a paucity of data in the literature specific to men with epilepsy on anti-seizure medication (ASM). The current study investigated the time to conception as well as the gestational and the neurodevelopmental outcomes of offspring of men with epilepsy on ASM compared to controls. Additionally, the prevalence of psychiatric comorbidities, and measures of sexual performance in males with and without epilepsy were analyzed. Methods: A total of 450 male patients with and without epilepsy at one hospital were provided questionnaires to determine demographic characteristics, epilepsy history, type of ASM at the time of conception, comorbidities and sexual health. Time to conception, fertility methods and offspring birth and developmental history born to males with and without epilepsy was recorded. Survey data was evaluated using Student's t-test for continuous variables and Fisher's exact test for categorical variables. Odds ratio (OR) were calculated to determine associations between the measured data. Results: After matching for age, we analyzed a total of 110 males with epilepsy and 110 without epilepsy. In the epilepsy group there was a higher rate of psychiatric comorbidities such as major depressive disorder, general anxiety disorder, bipolar disorder, and suicidal ideation when compared to the control group (N = 110; OR 3.39; 95% IC: 1.87–6.13, p < 0.001). Males with epilepsy also had a higher frequency of low erection scores when compared to males without epilepsy (N = 70 with epilepsy, N = 76 without epilepsy; OR 3.67; 95% IC: 1.44–9.39, p = 0.005). Of the 110 men with a diagnosis of epilepsy, 17 conceived children while using ASMs (38 total children). A total of 18.42% of children born to fathers on ASMs experienced developmental delays compared to 2.63% of controls, however this result was not statistically significant (p = 0.056). In addition, we did not find that offspring had significantly different birth weights or gestational ages in men on ASM compared to controls (p > 0.05). Conclusions: The present study suggests that men with epilepsy have an increased incidence of psychiatric comorbidities, and altered sexual performance, specifically erectile dysfunction, when compared with men without epilepsy. There was no statistically significant difference in the rates of developmental disorders and birth characteristics among those men with epilepsy on ASM at the time of conception and controls. ER  - 
Measuring the effects of first antiepileptic medication in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: Predictive value of quantitative-EEG analysis$$$ Objective: To determine the quantitative EEG responses in a population of drug-naïve patients with Temporal Lobe Epilepsy (TLE) after Levetiracetam (LEV) initiation as first antiepileptic drug (AED). We hypothesized that the outcome of AED treatment can be predicted from EEG data in patients with TLE. Methods: Twenty-three patients with TLE and twenty-five healthy controls were examined. Clinical outcome was dichotomized into seizure-free (SF) and non-seizure-free (NSF) after two years of LEV. EEG parameters were compared between healthy controls and patients with TLE at baseline (EEGpre) and after three months of AED therapy (EEGpre-post) and between SF and NSF patients. Receiver Operating Characteristic curves models were built to test whether EEG parameters predicted outcome. Results: AED therapy induces an increase in EEG power for Alpha (p = 0.06) and a decrease in Theta (p < 0.05). Connectivity values were lower in SF compared to NSF patients (p < 0.001). Quantitative EEG predicted outcome after LEV treatment with an estimated accuracy varying from 65.2% to 91.3% (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.56–0.93) for EEGpre and from 69.9% to 86.9% (AUC = 0.69–0.94) for EEGpre-post. Conclusions: AED therapy induces EEG modifications in TLE patients, and such modifications are predictive of clinical outcome. Significance: Quantitative EEG may help understanding the effect of AEDs in the central nervous system and offer new prognostic biomarkers for patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Neurologist prescribing versus psychiatry referral: Examining patient preferences for anxiety and depression management in a symptomatic epilepsy clinic sample$$$ Objective: Anxiety and depression symptoms in epilepsy are common, impactful and under-recognized and undertreated. While prior survey data suggests equipoise among epileptologists for managing anxiety and/or depression via prescribing in the epilepsy clinic versus psychiatry referral, patient preferences are unknown and should potentially influence practice habits among epileptologists. Thus, the primary objective of this study was to determine patient preference for anxiety and/or depression prescribing by neurologists versus psychiatry referral among an adult epilepsy clinic sample of symptomatic patients. Methods: Management preferences for anxiety and/or depression were surveyed in an adult tertiary care epilepsy clinic. Individuals who screened positive for anxiety and/or depression symptoms on validated instruments during a routine care-embedded learning health system study were recruited. Demographics, social variables, psychiatric treatment history, and treatment priorities and preferences were surveyed. Preference was defined as a slightly greater than 2:1 ratio in favor neurology prescribing or psychiatry referral. The study was powered to assess this primary objective using a two-sample binomial test. Multinomial logistic regression examined an a priori multivariable model of treatment preference (secondary objective). Results: The study sample included N = 63 symptomatic adults, with 64% women and mean age 42.2 years. Most reported past or current treatment for anxiety and/or depression, and treatment for these symptoms was a high or moderate priority among 65.1% of the sample. Neurologist prescribing was preferred in 83.0% (nearly 5:1) over psychiatry referral among those who chose neurology or psychiatry (as opposed to neither of the two; p < 0.001, 95% CI 0.702–0.919). Overall, 69.8% of the total study sample preferred neurology prescribing. Multivariable modeling indicated preference for neither management option (compared with neurologist prescribing) was associated with low overall treatment prioritization and having never received neurologist medication management. None of the factors examined in the a priori multivariable model were associated with selecting psychiatry referral (compared to neurologist prescribing). Conclusion: In this sample, most patients indicated a preference for neurologists to prescribe for anxiety or depression symptoms in the epilepsy clinic. Care models involving neurologist prescribing for anxiety and depression symptoms merit further investigation and potential adoption in clinical practice. ER  - 
Frequency of Self-reported Psychotic Symptoms among 2542 Outpatients at Their First Visit for Mental Health Services$$$ Objective: Psychotic symptoms are prevalent in both clinical settings and the general population. The distribution of psychotic symptoms across patients with different types of psychotic and non-psychotic mental disorders is helpful for understanding symptom specificity. This study aimed to explore the distribution differences of psychotic symptoms in an outpatient population in terms of frequency, age, gender, and psychotic and non-psychotic disorders. Methods: Outpatients were recruited consecutively at their first visit to the Shanghai Mental Health Center. Psychotic symptoms over the preceding year were self-reported through the PRIME Screen-Revised (PS-R) questionnaire. Seven categories of psychotic symptoms were grouped: perplexity and delusional mood (Item-1,5); first rank symptoms (Item-3,6,11); overvalued beliefs (Item-2,4); suspiciousness/persecutory ideas (Item-7), grandiose ideas (Item 8), perceptual abnormalities (Item-9,10), and disorganized communication (Item-12). Comparisons were made with respect to age group, sex, and diagnostic category. Results: Of 2542 outpatients, 1448(57.0%) were screened as positive, which was defined as having two or more symptoms with at least “somewhat agree” scores, ranging from 0 to 6. The threshold of one or more “yes” items was an endorsement to categorize the participant as positive for psychotic symptoms. The frequency of psychotic symptoms declined with age. Younger patients tended to report more psychotic symptoms than older patients(p < .001). Suspiciousness(p = .038) and disorganized communication (p = .004) were more common in females than males. Age, first rank symptoms, suspiciousness/persecutory ideas, grandiose ideas, and perceptual abnormalities were found to significantly differ between psychotic and non-psychotic disorders. Conclusions: Psychotic symptoms appear to be common in the clinical population and represent nonspecific indicators of psychopathology. The difference between psychotic and non-psychotic psychopathologies is more a function of the presence, frequency, and severity of psychotic symptoms. ER  - 
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation in chronic migraine and medication overuse headache: A pilot double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Objectives: Little evidence is available on the role of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in patients affected by chronic migraine (CM) and medication overuse headache (MOH). We aim to investigate the effects of tDCS in patients with CM and MOH as well as its role on brain activity. Methods: Twenty patients with CM and MOH were hospitalized for a 7-day detoxification treatment. Upon admission, patients were randomly assigned to anodal tDCS or sham stimulation delivered over the primary motor cortex contralateral to the prevalent migraine pain side every day for 5 days. Clinical data were recorded at baseline (T0), after 1 month (T2) and 6 months (T3). EEG recording was performed at T0, at the end of the tDCS/Sham treatment, and at T2. Results: At T2 and T3, we found a significant reduction in monthly migraine days (p = 0.001), which were more pronounced in the tDCS group when compared to the sham group (p = 0.016). At T2, we found a significant increase of alpha rhythm in occipital leads, which was significantly higher in tDCS group when compared to sham group. Conclusions: tDCS showed adjuvant effects to detoxification in the management of patients with CM and MOH. The EEG recording showed a significant potentiation of alpha rhythm, which may represent a correlate of the underlying changes in cortico-thalamic connections. Significance: This study suggests a possible role for tDCS in the treatment of CM and MOH. The observed clinical improvement is coupled with a potentiation of EEG alpha rhythm. ER  - 
Factors associated with alexithymia in adults with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: The relationship between epilepsy and alexithymia, characterized by the inability to feel or express emotion, remains incompletely understood. We investigated alexithymia and its association with epilepsy-related factors in patients with epilepsy (PWE). Methods: In this cross-sectional study, PWE and healthy control subjects were recruited. Alexithymia was assessed using the Toronto Alexithymia Scale-20 (TAS-20). The Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) and the Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) were also administered to assess depression and anxiety, respectively. Mediation analysis was conducted using a two-stage regression method. Results: Ninety adult PWE and 161 healthy control subjects were included in the study. PWE had significantly higher TAS-20 scores (B = 2.445, p = 0.014) than controls, but the prevalence of alexithymia, defined as TAS-20≥61, did not differ between PWE and control subjects after controlling for confounders (15.6% vs. 6.2%, respectively; p = 0.873). Uncontrolled seizures significantly increased alexithymia through depression (B = 3.536, p = 0.006), and this effect was responsible for 61.2% of the total effect on alexithymia. The direct effects of uncontrolled seizures on alexithymia were not significant. In contrast, AED polytherapy had significant direct effects on alexithymia (B = 4.489, p = 0.037) independent of depression. The indirect effects of AED polytherapy via depression did not reach statistical significance (B = 2.371, p = 0.066). Conclusions: Alexithymia was more severe, but not more prevalent, in PWE than in healthy controls. AED polytherapy was directly associated with alexithymia, while uncontrolled seizures were indirectly related to alexithymia through depressive symptoms. ER  - 
A South African review of routinely-collected health data of psychogenic nonepileptic seizure patients referred to psychiatrists in Johannesburg$$$ Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are often referred to psychiatrists for treatment of functional neurological symptom disorder (FNSD). However, not all patients with FNSD have an identified psychiatric comorbidity [1]. The aim of this observational study was to characterize the clinical and psychiatric features of patients with PNES from Johannesburg, South Africa, where a high frequency of PNES has been reported [2], and compare these findings to other reports. We hypothesized that patient outcomes regarding treatment adherence and episode frequency would improve when treated within a closed multidisciplinary team. The data included a retrospective record review of patients diagnosed with PNES from an epilepsy monitoring unit and referred for psychiatric assessment and treatment between November 2013 and July 2017. Fifty-nine cases met the criteria for the study. There were 7 male and 52 female participants, aged between 14 and 72 years (M = 33.76, SD = 13.88). The most frequently reported comorbid symptoms were anxiety (90%); dissociative symptoms (51%); headaches (76%) and gastrointestinal symptoms (36%). Important patient characteristics included past substance abuse (76%); impaired attachment (86%); past trauma (69%) and sexual trauma (29%). Generalized anxiety disorder (76%), major depressive disorder (64%) and PTSD (22%) were the most prevalent psychiatric diagnoses. After receiving psychiatric treatment, 47% of patients experienced a decrease in the frequency of episodes, while 86% became aware of the precipitants of their episodes. Psychiatric data can valuably inform current theories of PNES management. This study contributes to the understanding of comorbid, aetiological, and prognostic factors that are crucial to refining coherent models that will guide practice. ER  - 
Longitudinal changes in emotional functioning following pediatric resective epilepsy surgery: 2-Year follow-up$$$ Objective: To examine longitudinal changes and predictors of depression and anxiety 2 years following resective epilepsy surgery, compared to no surgery, in children with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE). Method: This multicenter cohort study involved 128 children and adolescents with DRE (48 surgical, 80 nonsurgical; 8–18 years) who completed self-report measures of depression and anxiety at baseline and follow-up (6-month, 1-year, 2-year). Child demographic (age, sex, IQ) and seizure (age at onset, duration, frequency, site and side) variables were collected. Results: Linear mixed-effects models controlling for age at enrolment found a time by treatment by seizure outcome interaction for depression. A negative linear trend across time (reduction in symptoms) was found for surgical patients, irrespective of seizure outcome. In contrast, the linear trend differed depending on seizure outcome in nonsurgical patients; a negative trend was found for those with continued seizures, whereas a positive trend (increase in symptoms) was found for those who achieved seizure freedom. Only a main effect of time was found for anxiety indicating a reduction in symptoms across patient groups. Multivariate regressions failed to find baseline predictors of depression or anxiety at 2-year follow-up in surgical patients. Older age, not baseline anxiety or depression, predicted greater symptoms of anxiety and depression at 2-year follow-up in nonsurgical patients. Conclusion: Children with DRE reported improvement in anxiety and depression, irrespective of whether they achieve seizure control, across the 2 years following surgery. In contrast, children with DRE who did not undergo surgery, but achieved seizure freedom, reported worsening of depressive symptoms, which may indicate difficulty adjusting to life without seizures and highlight the potential need for ongoing medical and psychosocial follow-up and support. ER  - 
Clinical differences between patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and functional motor disorder$$$ Objectives: Why a patient might present with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) as opposed to another functional neurological symptom is unknown. A recent review suggested that patients with PNES and functional motor disorders (FMD) differ on demographic and clinical factors of potential aetiological and mechanistic significance, arguing they might represent different disorders, though direct comparisons are limited. We sought to determine whether these factors differed in patients presenting with FMD and PNES at our clinic, as well as whether preceding medical complaints would differ between the two, particularly those affecting the limbs or head. Methods: A retrospective chart review of all presentations with FMD or PNES patients to a functional neurology clinic, collecting demographic and clinical data, including medical and surgical history. Results: Fifty-six patients with FMD and 52 with PNES were included. Significantly more patients with FMD had functional somatic syndromes (46% vs 27%, p = 0.036) and preceding medical events that affected their limbs than patients with PNES (34% vs 14%, p = 0.013); significantly more patients with PNES had dissociative symptoms (31% vs 4%, p < 0.001) and lifetime suicidal ideation (56% vs 32%, p = 0.013). Significance: These results highlight the substantial comorbidities affecting FMD and PNES, but find clinical differences between the two groups that may be of aetiological or mechanistic significance. ER  - 
Self-limited epilepsy with centro-temporal spikes: A study of 46 patients with unusual clinical manifestations$$$ Purpose: We retrospectively analyzed the seizure characteristics, EEG pattern, treatment, and outcome in a series of patients with self-limited epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (SLECTS) who presented with unusual clinical manifestations. Method: A retrospective, descriptive, multicenter study was conducted evaluating 46 patients with SLECTS who had seizures with an unusual semiology. We collected data from patients with SLECTS seen at eight Argentine centers between April 1998 and April 2018. Results: Thirteen patients (28.2 %) had seizures with affective symptoms characterized by sudden fright and autonomic disturbances and mild impairment of consciousness. Eleven patients (24.8 %) had frequent seizures characterized by unilateral facial sensorimotor symptoms, oropharyngolaryngeal manifestations, and speech arrest with sialorrhea only when awake. Seven patients (15.3 %) started with opercular epileptic status with unilateral or bilateral clonic seizures of the mouth with speech arrest and sialorrhea when awake and during sleep. Seven patients (15.3 %) had postictal Todd's paralysis after unilateral clonic seizures with facial and limb movements lasting between 60 min and 130 min. Six patients (13 %) had negative myoclonus, two in a unilateral upper limb, two in a unilateral lower limb, and the remaining two patients had frequent falls. One patient (2.1 %) had focal sensorimotor seizures characterized by unilateral numbness in the cheeks and one upper limb, additional to unilateral facial clonic seizures, speech arrest, and sialorrhea. The remaining patient (2.1 %) had sporadic focal tonic-dystonic seizures in the left upper limb only during sleep. Conclusion: In our study, we found evidence of the existence of unusual clinical cases of SLECTS with typical EEG patterns and an excellent prognosis. ER  - 
Emotional and behavioral problems in children with epilepsy attending the pediatric neurology clinic at a referral hospital in Kenya$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy is a common neurological condition, with a lifetime prevalence of 1% in children. Research has shown a high prevalence of emotional and behavioral problems in children with epilepsy. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of emotional and behavioral problems in children with epilepsy attending the pediatric neurology clinic in a referral hospital in Kenya and examine associated sociodemographic and clinical variables. Methods: This was a cross-sectional descriptive study. Children with epilepsy aged between 6 and 12 years attending the Kenyatta National Hospital pediatric neurology clinic were recruited. Inclusion criteria for the study were children diagnosed with epilepsy, age between 6 and 12 years, accompanied by a primary caregiver, and the primary caregiver being willing to participate in the study. A sociodemographic questionnaire as well as the Child Behavior Checklist school-age version (CBCL/6–18) was administered to the caregiver accompanying the child. Results: One hundred and seventy-seven children with epilepsy were recruited (66% males) with a mean age of 8.9 (standard deviation (SD): 2) years. The mean age at onset of seizures was 4.5 years; 48% of the children had first seizure while aged less than 2 years, 76% reported generalized tonic–clonic seizures, and 58% were on antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). The overall prevalence of emotional and behavioral problems was 46%, and the four leading symptom clusters were attention problems, aggressive behavior, social problems, and withdrawal/depression. The risk of emotional and behavioral problems was increased in children using more than one AED (odds ratio (OR) = 2.21, 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.18–4.14) and those aged ten years and above (OR = 2.7, 95% CI, 1.3–5.64). The risk of emotional and behavioral problems was reduced in children with infrequent seizures (OR = 0.08, 95% CI, 0.01–0.06) and in children reporting no seizure in the past year (OR = 0.08, 95% CI, 0.01–0.65). Conclusion: Emotional and behavioral problems are common among children with epilepsy in Kenya. This highlights the need to screen for these problems in children on treatment for epilepsy for early identification and subsequent management to improve outcome. ER  - 
Evaluation of psychiatric comorbidity in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder with epilepsy: A case-control study$$$ Objective: Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a developmental disorder caused by structural and functional brain abnormalities as well as genetic and environmental factors. ADHD symptoms are commonly observed in individuals with epilepsy. A few studies have reported a pattern of behavioral problems in children with combined epilepsy and ADHD. We aimed to evaluate comorbid behavioral problems and mental health concerns among children with epilepsy with ADHD and without ADHD including autism spectrum disorder, anxiety, depression, somatic problems, oppositional defiant disorder, and conduct disorder. Methods: A total of 100 children aged between 6 and 11 years were recruited and categorized into 1 of 5 groups (20 child/group): (1) epilepsy, (2) epilepsy with ADHD, (3) ADHD with electroencephalogram (EEG) changes, (4) ADHD without EEG changes, and (5) healthy control. The scales used in our study included the Childhood Autism Spectrum Test (CAST) to screen autism spectrum conditions and related social and communication conditions, Conners’ Parent Rating Scale (CPRS) to assess ADHD and other comorbid behavioral and social-emotional difficulties, and Children Behavior Checklist (CBCL) to evaluate behavior problems. Results: The CAST scale score showed no significant difference among the studied groups. Regarding the Conners-3 scale, the combined type of ADHD was predominant in the ADHD with EEG changes group and the ADHD with epilepsy group, while hyperactive ADHD was predominant in the ADHD without EEG changes group. The ADHD with EEG changes group and the ADHD with epilepsy group had equally high clinical rating scores for CBCL in internalizing and externalizing problems. There was a significant difference in the profile of all Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) scales of CBCL among the studied groups. Conclusion: This is the first study to use EEG in patients with ADHD in comparison with epilepsy. ADHD with epilepsy is closely related to ADHD with EEG changes regarding psychiatric comorbidity in terms of anxiety, depression, somatic problems, oppositional defiance problems, and conduct problems. ER  - 
A nationally representative study on discharge against medical advice among those living with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Discharges against medical advice (DAMA) are associated with adverse patient outcomes among those with epilepsy. Our goal was to examine trends and factors associated with DAMA among those living with epilepsy. Methods: A retrospective cross-sectional study was performed using the 2003–2014 National Inpatient Sample database. ICD-9-CM diagnosis codes were used to identify admissions of patients with epilepsy. Following outcomes were examined among epilepsy patients: proportion and predictors of DAMA, 12-year DAMA trends and causes of admissions. Results: In 2014, of the 187,850 admissions in patients with epilepsy, 3783 (2.01 %) were DAMA. Male sex, Black race, younger age, lower household income, Medicaid/self-pay/other as primary payer, lower Elixhauser comorbidities index, weekend admission, non-elective admission, hospital in northeast region, and urban nonteaching hospital were all associated with DAMA. There was a significant increase in the proportion of DAMA in people with epilepsy from 2003 to 2014 (1.13 %–2.01 %, p < 0.0001). The top reasons of admissions for epilepsy patients who were DAMA were: epilepsy/convulsion (21.02 %), alcohol- (8.86 %) and substance-related disorders (3.75 %), and diabetes mellitus with complications (3.33 %). Conclusions: Our findings provide opportunities to understand DAMA among those living with epilepsy, which is more prevalent in socially-disadvantaged populations. This study highlight the need to develop electronic medical records-based prediction tools that could be used at the point-of-care to enable the early identification of people at risk for DAMA, since it is often likely preventable. Future mixed methods studies are recommended to identify facilitators of DAMA and strategies for prevention. ER  - 
Widespread skeptic attitudes among people with epilepsy toward generic antiseizure drugs – A Swedish survey study$$$ Purpose: To explore associations between the characteristics of people with epilepsy (PWE) and their attitudes toward generic substitution of antiseizure drugs (ASDs) in epilepsy. Methods: This was a cross-sectional survey study directed at adults with epilepsy using selected brand drugs: Keppra®, Lamictal®, Lyrica® or Topimax®. Symptoms of anxiety and depression, sense of self-efficacy, and beliefs about medicines were assessed. Caregivers were asked to answer for persons with intellectual or communicative difficulties. Results: The total response rate was 41% (n = 178). Almost half (46%) of subjects stated that they would oppose generic substitution (Gen-NEG) if suggested by their neurologist, while 71% would worry about adverse effects and/or increased seizure frequency after a putative switch. Age ≥50 increased the odds of being Gen-NEG (adjusted OR: 2.20, 95% CI: 1.18–4.11). Negative associations with both Gen-NEG and worriers were found for education level of high-school diploma or above, employment/studies, and prior experience of generic ASD switch. The proportion of worriers was much higher among caregivers (21/22) compared to subjects with epilepsy (106/156). Conclusion: High proportions of PWE express concerns regarding generic substitution of ASDs. The elderly and caregivers seem to express particular concerns. Identifying ways to diminish negative outcomes and worries in connection with a switch is an important future field of research in order to ensure high quality, cost-effective health care for the most vulnerable people in our societies. ER  - 
Diagnosis of pediatric anti-NMDAR encephalitis at the onset: A clinical challenge$$$ Backgrounds: To investigate the clinical and instrumental features at the onset addressing to the diagnosis of anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Methods: Twenty children (age: 15 months-17 years; 7 males, 13 females) with initial suspected diagnosis of autoimmune encephalitis, observed between January 2008 and March 2018, were included. The final diagnosis was anti-NMDAR encephalitis in 7 children, other/probable autoimmune encephalitis in 7 children, and primary psychosis in the remaining 6 children. Results: At the clinical onset, anxiety disorder was the main symptom that helped in distinguishing the group of psychotic children from children with non-infectious encephalitis (P = 0.05 OR = 0.001), while epileptic seizures strongly predicted anti-NMDAR encephalitis (P = 0.04 OR = 28.6). At the onset, anti-NMDAR encephalitis could be distinguished from other/probable autoimmune encephalitis for the presence of sleep/wake rhythm alteration (P = 0.05 OR = 15). Among the symptoms occurring during the hospitalization, movement disorders (P = 0.031 OR = 12) were predictive of non-infectious encephalitis rather than primary psychosis. More specifically, the occurrence of language impairment (P = 0.03 OR = 33), epileptic seizures (P = 0.04 OR = 28.6) and catatonia (P = 0.03, OR = 33), were predictive of anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Also at this stage, anxiety disorder (P = 0.03 OR = 0.033) was predictive of primary psychosis. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that at the clinical onset epileptic seizures and sleep/wake rhythm alteration represent the main features addressing to the diagnosis of anti-NMDAR encephalitis rather than primary psychosis and other/probable autoimmune encephalitis, while anxiety disorder could be a solid predictor of primary psychosis. ER  - 
The predictive value of neutrophil–lymphocyte ratio at presentation for delayed neurological sequelae in carbon monoxide poisoning$$$ Objective: To explore the predictive value of neutrophil–lymphocyte ratio (NLR) at presentation for delayed neurological sequelae (DNS) in carbon monoxide (CO) poisoning. Methods: This single-center retrospective observational study included a total of 253 consecutive patients who visited the emergency department (ED) due to acute CO intoxication between 7 October 2015 and 31 December 2019. The included patients had a history of coma and their blood routine was measured within one hour of ED admission. They were divided into two groups according to the presence of DNS, including those who developed DNS (DNS group) and those who did not (non-DNS group). Results: A total of 171 patients were included in this research, and 49 (28.7%) developed DNS. The median NLR at ED admission was obviously higher in the DNS group (10.60 [9.69–15.34]) than in the non-DNS group (7.53 [5.86–8.56]) (p < 0.001). Multivariate analysis indicated that a high NLR (adjusted odds ratio (AOR): 1.78, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.46–2.18) and the occurrence of acute brain lesions (AOR: 7.50, 95%CI: 2.86–19.68) on diffusion-weighted imaging were independent predictors of DNS. The NLR was more than 8.97. The prediction of occurrence of DNS had a sensitivity of 93.88% and a specificity of 84.43%. Kappa value was 0.713. The predicted results showed good authenticity and consistency. Conclusion: The level of NLR at presentation had good predictive value for the development of DNS, showing the superior value for clinical application. ER  - 
Status of urinary 15-F2t-isoprostane levels in generalized tonic-clonic seizure patients with levetiracetam in a tertiary care hospital$$$ Objectives: The objective of the study was to analyze urinary 15-2t-isoprostane levels in epileptic patients with levetiracetam (LEV) and to compare the urinary 15-2t-isoprostane levels between the different age groups, smokers, and alcoholics. Methodology: The study was conducted in a tertiary care hospital. Urinary 15-2t-isoprostane levels were assayed in epileptic patients taking LEV. Twenty patients were recruited. Urinary levels of 15-F2t-isoprostane determined by ELISA. The patient's age, gender, height, weight, smoking, and alcoholic history were collected using pro forma. Statistical analysis of data was performed using SPSS version 23.0. Results: A total of 20 participants recruited for the study. Among these, 70% were male and 30% were female. The mean weight and height were more in males compared to females. The mean 15-F2t-isoprostane level was significantly higher in males compared to females. More than 40% of the participants were in the age group of >40 years. However, the mean urinary 15-F2t-isoprostane level is higher in the age group of 19-30 years. Only 20% of the participants were smokers and alcoholics. Non-smokers and non-alcoholics had higher urinary 15-F2t-isoprostane levels compared to smokers and alcoholics. Conclusion: The urinary 15-F2t-isoprostane levels were more in males, the age group of 19-30 years, non-smokers and non-alcoholics. However, the levels are lesser when compared to earlier meta-analysis study. This concludes that LEV may have antioxidant effect. There is a need for further studies with more sample size and correlation of LEV and urinary 15-F2t-isoprostane levels. ER  - 
The prevalence of epileptic seizures in multiple sclerosis in a large tertiary hospital in Australia$$$ Rationale: To determine the prevalence of epileptic seizures in multiple sclerosis (MS) at an Australian tertiary hospital and to define their clinical features. Methods: We retrospectively analysed adult patients at the Royal Melbourne Hospital electronically identified to have ICD codes for MS and seizures and/or epilepsy between 1996 to 2019, utilising paper and electronic-based records. Results: Of the 2,125 MS patients identified, 16 (0.75%) experienced epileptic seizures during a mean follow-up period of 12.9 years. Median age of MS diagnosis (SD) was 38 (9.3) years. Four patients had relapsing remitting MS (25%), 10 secondary progressive MS (63.5%), and 2 primary progressive MS (12.5%). More than two-thirds of patients had seizure onset following the diagnosis of MS, and the majority of these had advanced disease (approximate EDSS >6) at the time of seizure onset. Focal onset-seizures occurred in 87.5% of patients with seizures. Conclusion: The estimated prevalence of seizures in our cohort was lower than in previous studies (0.75 vs 2–4%). In most cases, seizures occurred after the diagnosis of MS in the context of advanced disease. Further studies are required to determine if MS disease modifying treatments reduce the risk of seizures in this cohort. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of daclizumab beta in patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis in a 5-year open-label study (EXTEND): final results following early termination$$$ Background: EXTEND (NCT01797965), an open-label extension study, evaluated the safety and efficacy of daclizumab beta in participants with relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) who had completed the randomized DECIDE study. Methods: Eligible participants who received either daclizumab beta or interferon beta-1a in DECIDE received daclizumab beta 150 mg subcutaneously every 4 weeks for up to 5 years in EXTEND, followed by 24 weeks of post-dosing follow-up. Safety and tolerability were evaluated, as were clinical efficacy and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). EXTEND was terminated ahead of schedule by the sponsors. Results: The total safety population (N = 1203) received at least one dose of daclizumab beta in EXTEND. In the DECIDE and EXTEND combined periods, the median number of doses of daclizumab beta was 53; median time on treatment was 196 weeks. By 24 September 2018, the end of the study, 110/1203 (9%) participants had completed the protocol-specified treatment period and 1101/1203 (92%) had experienced an adverse event (AE). The most commonly reported AEs were MS relapse, nasopharyngitis, and upper respiratory tract infection. Hepatic events (18%), cutaneous events (45%), and infections (62%) were common treatment-related AEs. The incidence of serious AEs was 29%, most commonly MS relapse and infections. The incidence of immune-mediated disorders was 2%; three of seven were encephalitis. Two of six deaths were considered treatment related. In participants who received continuous daclizumab beta throughout DECIDE and EXTEND, the treatment effects on clinical and MRI outcomes were maintained for up to 6 years. Conclusion: Results from the combined DECIDE-EXTEND study elucidate outcomes of longer-term treatment with daclizumab beta in the clinical trial setting and underscore the importance of pharmacovigilance with immunomodulatory therapies in the real-world setting. ER  - 
Intracranial Hemorrhage from Dural Arteriovenous Fistulas: Symptoms, Early Rebleed, and Acute Management: A Single-Center 8-Year Experience$$$ BACKGROUND: Cerebral dural arteriovenous fistulas (dAVFs) presenting with hemorrhage are so rare that reports on their characteristics and guidelines for their acute management are scarce. OBJECTIVE: To identify characteristics of the clinical and radiological presentation of hemorrhaging dAVFs, and establish their frequency of early rebleed so that implications for their acute management can be drawn. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of all patients admitted with intracranial hemorrhage from a dAVF during the years 2011 to 2018. RESULTS: Twenty patients (14 males) with a median age of 61 yr (27-75 yr) were included. Thunderclap headache was the presenting symptom in 13 (65%) patients. Rebleed prior to treatment occurred in 35% of the patients at median 7.5 h (range 3-96 h) after the ictus. All dAVFs had retrograde venous drainage and a venous aneurysm with a bleb was the source of hemorrhage in 16 (80%) patients, all of them presenting with headache. In contrast, patients bleeding due to diffuse venous hypertension presented with neurological deficits. Endovascular treatment was successful in 2 cases; hence, definite dAVF treatment was surgical in 18 (90%) patients. At median 7 mo (2-29 mo) after the ictus, 13 (65%) patients were in Glasgow Outcome Scale-Extended 7 or 8. CONCLUSION: The typical presentation of hemorrhage from a cranial dAVF is thunderclap headache. The origin of hemorrhage is often a ruptured venous aneurysm with a bleb. The high frequency of early rebleeds warrants management strategies equivalent to those established for aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage. Overall outcome is favorable. ER  - 
Exploring polypharmacy phenomenon in newly diagnosed relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis: a cohort ambispective single-centre study$$$ Aims: We aimed to examine the frequency of polypharmacy in a large cohort of patients at the time of diagnosis of relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) and to explore its effects on discontinuation of first disease-modifying treatment (DMT) using survival analysis. Methods: This was a cohort ambispective single-centre study. We enrolled RRMS patients starting their first DMT between 1st January 2013 and 31st December 2015. According to the number of medicines prescribed (except DMTs), we divided the patients into three groups: no-poly RRMS, minor-poly RRMS (from one to three medications), and major-poly RRMS (more than three medications). Results: A total of 392 RRMS patients were enrolled (mean age 41.1). The minor-poly RRMS group included 61 patients (15.6%) and the major-poly RRMS group included 112 (28.6%). Individuals in these groups were older and had higher median body mass index (BMI) than patients in the no-poly RRMS group (p < 0.05). Upon multinomial regression analysis, older age at onset was associated with minor and major polypharmacy (OR 1.050, CI 1.010–1.093, p = 0.015 and OR 1.063, CI 1.026–1.101, p = 0.001, respectively) and higher BMI was associated with major polypharmacy (OR 1.186, CI 1.18–1.29, p = 0.001). The rates of discontinuation of first DMT were similar among the three groups (50.7% for no-Poly RRMS, 50.8% for minor-Poly RRMS, and 53.3% for major-Poly RRMS, p = 0.264). At log-Rank test, there were no differences among the three groups (p = 0.834). Conclusion: Polypharmacy was more common in older RRMS patients with high BMI. ER  - 
Clinical and patient characteristics associated with severe outcome in diphenhydramine toxicity$$$ Background: Diphenhydramine is frequently misused and ingested recreationally for its antihistaminergic and antimuscarinic effects and is often involved in both serious and fatal poisonings, either in isolation or in combination with other xenobiotics. Objective: This analysis sought to determine which patient and encounter characteristics were associated with severe outcome after diphenhydramine overdose. Methods: This is an analysis of the multi-center ToxIC registry (2010–2016). Descriptive analysis of all cases with diphenhydramine listed as the “primary agent” contributing to toxicity were included. Analysis sought to determine which patient and encounter characteristics were associated with severe outcome, defined as occurrence of seizure, ventricular dysrhythmia, or intubation. To determine which patient and encounter characteristics were individually associated with severe outcome, we performed chi-square tests. Fisher’s exact tests were used in the case of sparse data. We also performed multivariable logistic regression to further determine independent risk factors for severe outcome in diphenhydramine overdose. Results: Eight hundred and sixty-three cases remained after exclusion with 15.6% (n = 135) of all patients having one or more severe outcome. The most common severe outcome was seizures which occurred in 98 (11.6%) of all ingestions. Females comprised 59.1% (n = 510) of all ingestions. Most ingestions were intentional (86.0%, n = 742) with the most common known reason for an intentional ingestion being self-harm, accounting for 37.5% (n = 324) of all ingestions. Self-harm ingestions and ingestions in males were more commonly associated with intubation. When examining outcomes by age, there were no significant differences overall or in any individual outcome except intubation in which children 0–12 were less likely to be intubated as compared to teens and adults. Signs and symptoms most strongly associated with a severe outcome included acidemia (pH < 7.2), QRS prolongation (QRS > 120 ms), and elevated anion gap (AG > 20). Discussion: Acidemia, QRS prolongation, and elevated anion gap are associated with severe outcomes in diphenhydramine toxicity. Further research is warranted to determine their predictive characteristics. ER  - 
Associating executive dysfunction with behavioral and socioemotional problems in children with epilepsy. A systematic review$$$ As children with epilepsy may have a number of learning and behavioral problems, it is important that insight into the underlying neurocognitive differences in these children, which may underlie these areas of challenge is gained. Executive function (EF) problems particularly are associated with specific learning abilities as well as behavioral problems. We aim to review systematically the current status of empirical studies on the association between EF problems and behavior and socioemotional problems in children with epilepsy. After search, 26 empirical studies were identified, most of them of moderate quality. Overall, attention problems were the most reported cognitive deficit in test assessment and the most reported problem by parents. In 54% of the studies, children with epilepsy scored below average compared to controls/normative samples on different aspects of EF. Most studies reported behavior problems, which ranged from mild to severe. Forty-two percent of the studies specifically reported relationships between EF deficits and behavioral problems. In the remaining studies, below average neuropsychological functioning seemed to be accompanied by above average reported behavioral problems. The association was most pronounced for cognitive control and attention in relation to externalizing behavior problems. This cognitive control is also associated with social functioning. Relevant epilepsy variables in this relationship were early age at onset and high seizure frequency. Future research should distinguish specific aspects of EF and take age into account, as this provides more insight on the association between EF and behavior in pediatric epilepsy, which makes it possible to develop appropriate and early intervention. ER  - 
Comorbid mental disorders and quality of life of people with epilepsy attending primary health care clinics in rural Ethiopia$$$ Background Evidence from high-income countries demonstrates that co-morbid mental disorders in people with epilepsy adversely affect clinical and social outcomes. However, evidence from low-income countries is lacking. The objective of this study was to measure the association between co-morbid mental disorders and quality of life and functioning in people with epilepsy. Methods A facility-based, community ascertained cross-sectional survey was carried out in selected districts of the Gurage Zone, Southern Ethiopia. Participants were identified in the community and referred to primary health care (PHC) clinics. Those diagnosed by PHC workers were recruited. Co-morbid mental disorders were measured using a standardised, semi-structured clinical interview administered by mental health professionals. The main outcome, quality of life, was measured using the Quality of Life in Epilepsy questionnaire (QOLIE-10p). The secondary outcome, functional disability, was assessed using the 12-item World Health Organization Disability Assessment Schedule (WHODAS-2). Results The prevalence of comorbid mental disorders was 13.9%. Comorbid mental disorders were associated with poorer quality of life (Adjusted (Adj.) β -13.27; 95% CI -23.28 to-3.26) and greater disability (multiplier of WHODAS-2 score 1.62; 95% CI 1.05, 2.50) after adjusting for hypothesised confounding factors. Low or very low relative wealth (Adj. β = -12.57, 95% CI -19.94 to-5.20), higher seizure frequency (Adj.β coef. = -1.92, 95% CI -2.83 to -1.02), and poor to intermediate social support (Adj. β coef. = -9.66, 95% CI -16.51 to -2.81) were associated independently with decreased quality of life. Higher seizure frequency (multiplier of WHODAS-2 score 1.11; 95% CI 1.04, 1.19) was associated independently with functional disability. Conclusion Co-morbid mental disorders were associated with poorer quality of life and impairment, independent of level of seizure control. Integrated and comprehensive psychosocial care is required for better health and social outcomes of people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Development and validation of a clinical risk score to predict the risk of SARS-CoV-2 infection from administrative data: A population-based cohort study from Italy$$$ Background The novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic spread rapidly worldwide increasing exponentially in Italy. To date, there is lack of studies describing clinical characteristics of the people at high risk of infection. Hence, we aimed (i) to identify clinical predictors of SARSCoV-2 infection risk, (ii) to develop and validate a score predicting SARS-CoV-2 infection risk, and (iii) to compare it with unspecific scores. Methods Retrospective case-control study using administrative health-related database was carried out in Southern Italy (Campania region) among beneficiaries of Regional Health Service aged over than 30 years. For each person with SARS-CoV-2 confirmed infection (case), up to five controls were randomly matched for gender, age and municipality of residence. Odds ratios and 90% confidence intervals for associations between candidate predictors and risk of infection were estimated by means of conditional logistic regression. SARS-CoV-2 Infection Score (SIS) was developed by generating a total aggregate score obtained from assignment of a weight at each selected covariate using coefficients estimated from the model. Finally, the score was categorized by assigning increasing values from 1 to 4. Discriminant power was used to compare SIS performance with that of other comorbidity scores. Results Subjects suffering from diabetes, anaemias, Parkinson’s disease, mental disorders, cardiovascular and inflammatory bowel and kidney diseases showed increased risk of SARSCoV-2 infection. Similar estimates were recorded for men and women and younger and older than 65 years. Fifteen conditions significantly contributed to the SIS. As SIS value increases, risk progressively increases, being odds of SARS-CoV-2 infection among people with the highest SIS value (SIS = 4) 1.74 times higher than those unaffected by any SIS contributing conditions (SIS = 1). Conclusion Conditions and diseases making people more vulnerable to SARS-CoV-2 infection were identified by the current study. Our results support decision-makers in identifying high-risk people and adopting of preventive measures to minimize the spread of further epidemic waves. ER  - 
Mortality, causes of death and influence of medication use in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus vs matched controls$$$ Objectives: We wanted to estimate the magnitude of the risk from all-cause, cause-specific and sex-specific mortality in patients with SLE and relative risks compared with matched controls and to evaluate the influence of exposure to medication on risk of mortality in SLE. Methods: We conducted a population-based cohort study using the Clinical Practice Research Datalink, Hospital Episode Statistics and national death certificates (from 1987 to 2012). Each SLE patient (n = 4343) was matched with up to six controls (n = 21 780) by age and sex. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate overall and cause-specific mortality rate ratios. Results: Patients with SLE had a 1.8-fold increased mortality rate for all-cause mortality compared with age- and sex-matched subjects [adjusted hazard ratio (HR) = 1.80, 95% CI: 1.57, 2.08]. The HR was highest in patients aged 18-39 years (adjusted HR = 4.87, 95% CI: 1.93, 12.3). Mortality rates were not significantly different between male and female patients. Cumulative glucocorticoid use raised the mortality rate, whereas the HR was reduced by 45% with cumulative low-dose HCQ use. Patients with SLE had increased cause-specific mortality rates for cardiovascular disease, infections, non-infectious respiratory disease and for death attributable to accidents or suicide, whereas the mortality rate for cancer was reduced in comparison to controls. Conclusion: British patients with SLE had a 1.8-fold increased mortality rate compared with the general population. Glucocorticoid use and being diagnosed at a younger age were associated with an increased risk of mortality. HCQ use significantly reduced the mortality rate, but this association was found only in the lowest cumulative dosage exposure group. ER  - 
Neurodegenerative disease is associated with increased incidence of epilepsy: A population based study of older adults$$$ Objective: To determine the incidence of epilepsy among Medicare beneficiaries with a new diagnosis of Alzheimer dementia (AD) or Parkinson disease (PD). Methods: Retrospective cohort study of Medicare beneficiaries with an incident diagnosis of AD or PD in the year 2009. The 5-year incidence of epilepsy was examined by sociodemographic characteristics, comorbidities and neurodegenerative disease status. Cox regression models examined the association of neurodegenerative disease with incident epilepsy, adjusting for demographic characteristics and medical comorbidities. Results: We identified 178,593 individuals with incident AD and 104,157 individuals with incident PD among 34,054,293 Medicare beneficiaries with complete data in 2009. Epilepsy was diagnosed in 4.45% (7,956) of AD patients and 4.81% (5,010) of PD patients between 2009 and 2014, approximately twice as frequently as in the control sample. Minority race/ethnicity was associated with increased risk of incident epilepsy. Among individuals with AD and PD, stroke was associated with increased epilepsy risk. Traumatic brain injury (TBI) was associated with increased epilepsy risk for individuals with PD. Depression was also associated with incident epilepsy (AD adjusted hazard ratio (AHR): 1.23 (1.17-1.29), PD AHR: 1.45 (1.37-1.54)). In PD only, a history of hip fracture (AHR, 1.35 (1.17-1.57)) and diabetes (AHR, 1.11 (1.05-1.18) were also associated with increased risk of epilepsy. Conclusion: Incident epilepsy is more frequently diagnosed among neurodegenerative disease patients, particularly when preceded by a diagnosis of depression, TBI or stroke. Further studies into the differences in epilepsy risk between these two populations may help elucidate different mechanisms of epileptogenesis. ER  - 
Clinical Features and Outcomes of Neuropsychiatric Systemic Lupus Erythematosus in China$$$ Objective. To identify the clinical characteristics, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) results, and prognostic factors of neuropsychiatric (NP) systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE; NPSLE) in a relatively large patient series in China. Methods. Data of patients with NPSLE at Peking Union Medical College Hospital (PUMCH) were collected retrospectively from June 2012 to June 2016. NPSLE patients were compared with 220 non-NPSLE patients. Survival rates were evaluated using the Kaplan-Meier curves, log-rank test, and Cox proportional hazards modeling. Cranial MRI results were also studied. Results. Of the 194 included patients, sixteen subtypes of NPSLE were identified, and the most common manifestations were seizure (36.6%), acute confusional state (25.3%), and cerebral vascular disease (15.5%). Compared with the non-NPSLE group, NPSLE patients were significantly more likely to have typical lupus symptoms, higher Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index 2000 (SLEDAI-2K) scores (P=0.002), and positive rate of anti-ribosomal P protein antibodies (P=0.008). Patients with seizure were more likely to have higher SLEDAI-2K scores and positive anti-β2GP1 than non-NPSLE patients. Sixteen patients died during follow-up. The most common cause of death was infection (37.5%). NPSLE significantly decreased survival rates of SLE patients. Patients with elevated serum creatinine (P=0.001), hypocomplementemia (P=0.031), and SLEDAI-2K scores≥15 (P=0.014) had shorter survival periods. Eighty-two patients underwent detailed cranial MRI analysis; of these, 50 (61.0%) had abnormal results. Small vessel disease was the most common abnormal finding, followed by inflammatory-like lesions and large vessel disease. Conclusions. High disease activity and positive rate of anti-ribosomal P protein antibodies may be risk factors for NPSLE. NPSLE decreases survival rates of SLE patients. Renal insufficiency and high disease activity are predictive of poor prognoses for NPSLE patients. ER  - 
Assessment of adult patients with cerebral palsy$$$ Objectives: The aim of this study was to evaluate health problems, accommodation, and mobility of adult patients with cerebral palsy (CP). Patients and methods: Between September 2018 and September 2019, a total of 70 adult CP patients (37 males, 33 females; mean age 29.4±10.2 years; range, 19 to 68 years) who were admitted to our clinic were included. Accommodation, education status, mental state, comorbidities, spasticity, contracture, deformity, and mobility of the patients were evaluated. Results: Of the patients, 24.3% were diplegic, 21.4% were hemiplegic, 32.9% were tetraplegic, 15.7% were dyskinetic, and 5.7% had mixed form of CP. Among the patient, 38.6% had normal mental ability and 21.4% had severe mental retardation. A total of 92.9% of the patients were living with their family, 85.7% were unemployed, 10% were illiterate, and 21.4% had no health problems. Speech disorder was the most common health issue in 52.9% of the patients. Other health concerns included sensory problems, epilepsy, bladder/intestinal problems, nutritional problems, and respiratory and skin problems. The ratio of pain was 31.4%. Mild deformity was present in 54.3% of the patients, 43.7% were wheelchair-dependent, and 25.7% were Gross Motor Function Classification System (GMFCS) Level V. Conclusion: Recognition and understanding health problems and living conditions of adult patients with CP would be useful both in determining the treatment goals of pediatric CP patients and in improving the quality of life of adult CP patients. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation as a potential modulator of periictal psychotic episodes: A report of four cases$$$ Drug resistant epilepsy (DRE) has been associated with a high incidence of psychotic disorders. Patients can develop psychosis after starting a new antiseizure medication, after undergoing resective surgery, or after implantation of a vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) system. The aim of this study was to investigate the modulation effect of VNS on psychotic episodes in DRE patients with a pre-existing history of periictal psychotic episodes (PPE). We retrospectively report the outcome of four patients from a single tertiary center with PPE prior to implantation. None of the implanted patients developed de novo PPE after VNS therapy. Regarding seizure outcome, all patients demonstrated a response to VNS with two who experienced who status epilepticus and three patients wtih a change in semiology with after VNS implantation. PPE disappeared in all the study patients, two of them at 6 months post-implantation and in the others after 2 and 3 years, respectively. 18F-FDG-PET results showed hypermetabolism in both anterior insular and medial frontal lobes which disappeared in the 18F -FDG-PET 4 years post-implantation. Based on the results of this series of cases we suggest that VNS therapy may be useful to modulatet PPE in patients with DRE, though effectiveness may be time-dependent. ER  - 
Multimorbidity and associated outcomes among older adult inpatients with neurological disorders$$$ Background: Multimorbidity is common among adults and associated with socioeconomic deprivation, polypharmacy, poor quality of life, functional impairment, and mortality. Objectives: To identify the frequency of multimorbidity among older adults inpatients with neurological disorders (NDs), stratify clusters of chronic comorbidities associated with NDs in degrees, and verify whether multimorbidity was associated with demographic data, readmission, long length of hospital stay (LOS), and hospital mortality in this population. Methods: We enrolled patients aged ≥60 years successively admitted to a tertiary medical center with NDs between January 1, 2009, and December 31, 2010. Results: Overall, 1,154 NDs and 2,679 comorbidities were identified among 798 inpatients aged ≥60 years (mean: 75.76±9.12). Women comprised 435 (54.51%) of patients. Multimorbidity was detected in 92.61% (739) of patients, with a mean of 3.88±1.67 (median: 4.0), ranging from 2 to 10 chronic diseases. Patients with epilepsy, dementia, and movement disorders had the highest degrees of clusters of chronic morbidities (>50% of them with ≥5 chronic disorders), followed by those with cerebrovascular and neuromuscular disorders. Multimorbidity was associated with long LOS (p<0.001) and readmission (p=0.039), but not with hospital mortality (p=0.999). Conclusions: Multimorbidity was preponderant among older adults inpatients with NDs, and NDs had a high degree of associated chronic comorbidities. Multimorbidity, but not isolated NDs, was associated with readmission and long LOS. These results support ward-based, neurohospitalist-directed, interdisciplinary care for older adults inpatients with NDs to face multimorbidity. ER  - 
Comparative Evaluation of Tears and Nasopharyngeal Swab for SARS-CoV-2 in COVID-19 Dedicated Intensive Care Unit Patients$$$ Purpose: To compare the cycle threshold (Ct) values of tears and nasopharyngeal (NP) swab in severe COVID-19 ICU patients with positive NP swabs. Procedure: A cross-sectional study for the detection of SARS-CoV-2 by real-time RT-PCR on simultaneously collected NP swabs and tears was performed. Detailed demographic profile, including comorbidities, ocular, and systemic features were analyzed. Results: In the 78 cases, the mean tear positivity was 26.92% (21/78), 2 tear samples being positive despite a negative NP swab. The mean Ct value of tears and NP were 28.17 ± 4.76 and 23.71 ± 6.19, respectively (p=.003). None of the cases had ocular findings or relationship between tear positivity and comorbidity. Conclusions: The viral load of tears is less than the NP secretions with the possibility of prolonged shedding in tears. Tears act as an additional source of contact transmission in ICU that can possibly be decreased by frequent hand hygiene by the patient. Abbreviations: SARS-CoV-2: Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus; RT-PCR: Real-time Reverse transcriptase–polymerase chain reaction; COVID-19: Corona virus disease 2019; ICU: Intensive care unit; RdRp: RNA-dependent RNA polymerase; ORF 1b: Open reading frame 1b; AIIR: Airborne infection isolation room; HCW: Health care workers; VTM: viral transport media; NP: Nasopharyngeal swab; PPE: Personal protective equipment. ER  - 
Antimuscarinic use among older adults with dementia and overactive bladder: a Medicare beneficiaries study$$$ Objectives: This study examined the incidence and predictors of antimuscarinic medication use including non-selective antimuscarinics among older adults with dementia and overactive bladder (OAB). Methods: The study used a new-user cohort design involving older adults (≥65 years) with dementia and OAB based on 2013–2015 Medicare data. Antimuscarinics included non-selective (oxybutynin, tolterodine, trospium, fesoterodine) and selective (solifenacin, darifenacin) medications. Descriptive statistics and multivariable logistic regression models were used to determine the incidence and predictors of new antimuscarinic use including non-selective antimuscarinics, respectively. Results: Of the 3.38 million Medicare beneficiaries with dementia, over one million (1.05) had OAB (31.03%). Of those, 287,612 (27.39%) were reported as prevalent antimuscarinics users. After applying continuous eligibility criteria, 21,848 (10.34%) incident antimuscarinic users were identified (77.6% non-selective; 22.4% selective). Most frequently reported antimuscarinics were oxybutynin (56.3%) and solifenacin (21.4%). Multivariable analysis revealed that patients ≥75 years, of black race, and those with schizophrenia, epilepsy, delirium, and Elixhauser’s score were less likely to initiate antimuscarinics. Women, those with abnormal involuntary movements, bipolar disorder, gastroesophageal reflux disease, insomnia, irritable bowel syndrome, muscle spasm/low back pain, neuropathic pain, benign prostatic hyperplasia, falls/fractures, myasthenia gravis, narrow-angle glaucoma, Parkinson's disease, syncope, urinary tract infection and vulvovaginitis were more likely to initiate antimuscarinics. Further, patients with muscle spasms/low back pain, benign prostatic hyperplasia and those taking higher level anticholinergics had lower odds of receiving non-selective antimuscarinics, whereas white patients, black patients and those with schizophrenia and delirium were more likely to receive them. Conclusions: Nearly one-third of dementia patients had OAB and over one-fourth of them used antimuscarinics. Majority of the incident users were prescribed non-selective antimuscarinics with several demographic and clinical factors contributing to their use. Given the high prevalence of OAB among dementia patients, there is a need to optimize their antimuscarinic use, considering their vulnerability for anticholinergic adverse effects. ER  - 
Medical Thermology 2020 - A literature survey with a focus on applications in the COVID 19 pandemic$$$ The annual literature search is restricted to articles dedicated to application of temperature measurements to manage the COVID-19 pandemic. A search strategy in the database Scopus obtained with the principal terms thermography and thermometry for 2020 in journals7852 hits, 1114 of them were related to medicine. 218 medical articles showed the keyword COVID-19. 149 of these 218 papers reported body temperature measurements used for fever screening or as first step of prevention measures to limit the pandemic or as a diagnostic tool and as an outcome measure. Due to the large number of asymptomatic and afebrile individuals tested positive for SARS-CoV-2, temperature measurements contributed little to mass screening for COVID-19. The prediction of a fatal disease course based on body temperatures was controversary interpreted. Body temperatures were rarely employed as primary outcome measure. Nevertheless, separation of febrile from afebrile individuals remains self-explaining procedure that opens the path for further testing for SARD-CoV-2. ER  - 
Mitigating psychological trauma on adult burn patients based on virtual reality technology of smart medical treatment$$$ Virtual reality (VR) is one of the hot spots in the computer network world in recent years, which has attracted more and more people's attention. This study mainly explores the effect of mitigating the psychological trauma of adult burn patients based on the VR technology of smart medical treatment. First, the EEG data are sent to the data processing module through a wireless protocol; then, the data processing module denoises the EEG data and performs feature extraction and feedback parameter calculation; after that, these parameters will be sent to the VR interaction engine; based on this, these parameters change the VR scene to capture and reflect the physiological activities of the patient's brain in real time; finally, the patient uses the VR scene content presented by the real-time feedback of the captured EEG signal as a guide to making self-adjustment in time, and the electrical signal of captured brain at this time is again transmitted to the next work cycle and continues to feed back and present new VR interactive scenes to guide and intervene in the patient's self-regulation behavior. The VR feedback training module is responsible for receiving the characteristic data calculated from the EEG acquisition and processing module and converts it into parameter variables that control the VR intervention system. The system user adjusts the state according to the feedback information displayed in the VR scene and generates new EEG signals to promote the realization of self-adjustment. The biofeedback training based on EEG feeds back the intuitive EEG state to the patient, prompting them to learn how to realize self-regulation and achieve the purpose of adjusting the level of mental health. The degree of itching and pain in the VR treatment group was alleviated, and compared with the normal training treatment results, it was statistically significant (P > 0.05). This study has a positive effect on the psychological intervention of patients with facial injuries. ER  - 
The demographic analysis of the probable covid-19 cases in terms of rt-pcr results and age$$$ Background: Despite global prevention and quarantine efforts, the incidence of COVID-19 disease continues to in-crease. As a possible cause, our aim was to investigate which parameters increase the sensitivity or protection against COVID-19 between RT-PCR positive and RT-PCR negative cases in patients admitted to the emergency department. Methods: In the pandemic process, patients admitted to the hospital with suspicion of COVID-19 were evaluated retrospectively. RT-PCR test was divided into + (for Group 1) and - (Group 2). The gender, age, clinical informa-tion, application symptoms, and comorbidity data of the patients were evaluated. Results: One hundred and sixty-seven cases were evaluated in the study. Group 1: 88 cases, M/F ratio: 46/42 and average age 48 ± 17.3 years, Group 2: 79 cases, M/F ratio was approximately 3/2, and the average age was 48.3 ± 19.4 years. When the groups were compared in terms of symptoms, fever, cough, weakness, and headache were prominent in Group 1, whereas the contact was significantly higher in Group 2 (p < 0.05). Among the comorbid diseases, only COPD showed a significant difference between the groups, and it was found significantly higher in Group 2 (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Cough, headache, and fever were found valuable in the detection of cases. Attention should be paid to contact isolation to circumvent the pandemic process with less damage. Having chronic diseases, especially COPD, increases the risk of infection with SARS-CoV-2. Close monitoring and control of chronic diseases can positively change the course of COVID-19. ER  - 
Clinical features of neurological patients with coronavirus 2019: An observational study of one centre$$$ Background. Since the emergence of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) caused by SARS-CoV-2 (Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2) in Wuhan, China, it has been extensively studied by many scientists. Susceptibility to SARS-CoV-2 infection is shown by people of all ages, especially those with different comorbidities. Our goal was to describe the clinical characteristics, treatment, course, and outcome of COVID-19 in patients with pre-existing neurological disorders. Materials and methods. We retrospectively studied 70 patients with COVID-19 and previous neurological diseases who were treated in the Central Clinical Hospital of the Ministry of the Interior and Administration from 16 March to 15 June 2020. Demographic data, symptoms, image data, laboratory results, treatment methods and results, clinical signs and symptoms of patients hospitalised due to CNS diseases with COVID-19 were collected. Results. The average age of hospitalised patients was 72, and the majority (63%) were women (44/70). The most common neurological disease was dementia, which was present in almost a third of patients (30.76%), followed by ischaemic stroke (24.61%). Chest imaging showed the presence of interstitial changes in 47% (33) of patients. Laboratory tests revealed increased total blood cells, increased levels of C-reactive protein, procalcitonin, D-dimers, liver indicator markers and IL-6 in the most severely affected patients. The treatment of patients was focused on monitoring their clinical condition, and supporting respiratory inefficiency with passive oxygen therapy and mechanical ventilation. According to the guidelines of the Hospital Therapeutic Committee, pharmacological treatment (Arechin®, Kaletra®) was introduced in cases without contraindications. In patients with moderate COVID-19, antimalarial or antiviral agents were applied (78%). 30% of our observed patients died during the hospitalisation. Conclusions. We studied a select group of patients (elderly, with comorbidities, and moderate or severe COVID-19 course). Pre-existing neurological disorders were additionally associated with a poorer prognosis and a high fatality rate (30%). Dementia and CNS vascular disorder were the most frequent pre-existing neurological conditions. The neurological symptoms of COVID-19 were various. We observed impaired consciousness, dizziness, headache, nausea, myalgia, psychomotor agitation and slowness, delirium, and psychoses. Further analysis is needed to elucidate the incidence of COVID-19 neurological complications. ER  - 
Spasticity in practice (SPACE): An international non-interventional study of botulinum neurotoxin type-A in treatment-naïve subjects with spasticity$$$ Aim of the study. SPACE, a prospective, non-interventional, open-label, multinational study, investigated physicians’ and subjects’ assessment of safety, efficacy, and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) following botulinum neurotoxin type-A (BoNT-A) treatment to understand real-world clinical usage for the management of focal and multifocal spasticity. Clinical rationale for the study. Treatment guidelines recommend the use of BoNT-A for the management of spasticity in adults. This study assessed how physicians use BoNT-A therapy in real-world clinical practice, and provided evidence on long-term safety and efficacy over a period of up to 2 years. Materials and methods. BoNT treatment-naïve adults with spasticity of any aetiology received any BoNT-A formulation at their physician’s discretion, and were observed for ≤ 8 treatment cycles (≤ 2 years). Daily practice information, physician’s global assessments of tolerability and efficacy, and HRQoL were documented. Incidences of adverse drug reactions or all adverse events were documented for non-Mexican subjects and for Mexican subjects, respectively, due to protocol differences based on local regulatory requirements. Results. A total of 701 subjects were enrolled (safety population; nine countries). Physicians rated the tolerability of BoNT-A as ‘very good’ or ‘good’ for 88.2–97.4% of subjects throughout the study (subject numbers declined throughout this non-interventional study). Adverse drug reactions were reported for 16/600 (2.7%) of the non-Mexican subjects, with two considered to be ‘definitely related’ to treatment (injection-site haematoma, n = 1; botulism, n = 1). For 687 subjects, efficacy was rated ‘very good’ or ‘good’ by most physicians and subjects. Improvements in HRQoL were observed. Conclusions and clinical implications. Throughout this 2-year study, BoNT-A treatment was generally well-tolerated, effective, and associated with an improved HRQoL. This study makes a valuable contribution to the broader understanding of how physicians use BoNT-A therapy to manage spasticity in real-world clinical practice. ER  - 
Burden of illness among Medicare and non-Medicare US populations with acquired thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura$$$ Background: Acquired thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (aTTP) is a rare hematologic disorder that can lead to serious life-threatening medical complications. Objective: The aim of this study was to describe aTTP-related hospital resource utilization, cost, complications, and overall survival among US Medicare and non-Medicare populations following aTTP episodes prior to the US approval of caplacizumab. Methods: This retrospective study utilized administrative claims data for Medicare Fee-for-Service (FFS) beneficiaries (100% sample) and a sample of commercial, managed Medicaid [MM], Medicare Advantage [MA] plan members from the Inovalon MORE2 Registry. aTTP patients ages 18+ were identified between 2010 and 2018 using a published validated algorithm: ≥1 hospitalization for thrombotic microangiopathy + therapeutic plasma exchange (TPE). 2,279 patients were identified; 65.2% were enrolled in Medicare FFS, 13.6% in commercial, 15.7% in MM, and 5.4% in MA. Mean hospitalization days for aTTP index episode ranged between 12 and 17 days; ∼60% of patients required intensive care. Mean payments for index hospitalization varied by payer [Medicare FFS: $29,024; MA: $12,860; commercial: $9,996 and MM: $10,470]. Among FFS patients, 15.7% died during initial hospitalization and 21.0% died within first 30 days of the event. During follow-up, 11.6–19.6% experienced aTTP-related exacerbation. Incidence rate of relapse and complications per 100 person-years was 5.6 [Medicare FFS: 3.6; MA: 8.7; commercial: 10.4 and MM: 14.7] and 16.7 [FFS: 15.5; MA: 20.5; commercial: 21.7 and MM: 19.1], respectively. Among Medicare patients with and without aTTP, mortality risk was 2.9 (95 % CI: 2.4–3.4) times higher for aTTP vs. non-aTTP patients. Conclusion: This is the first real-world study evaluating burden of illness among aTTP patients in the US across payer types. Despite being treated with TPE, patients with aTTP have lower survival rates in comparison to a matched cohort without aTTP. These findings highlight the need for more effective and novel therapies to reduce disease burden for this population.Key points In US Medicare and managed care populations with aTTP between 2010 and 2018, aTTP can lead to significant utilization of ICU services due to clinical complications, and/or relapse following hospital discharge. Despite treatment with therapeutic plasma exchange, acute mortality remains high (15.7%) indicating the need for more effective and novel treatments. ER  - 
Galvanic Vestibular Stimulation Improves Subnetwork Interactions in Parkinson's Disease$$$ Background. Activating vestibular afferents via galvanic vestibular stimulation (GVS) has been recently shown to have a number of complex motor effects in Parkinson's disease (PD), but the basis of these improvements is unclear. The evaluation of network-level connectivity changes may provide us with greater insights into the mechanisms of GVS efficacy. Objective. To test the effects of different GVS stimuli on brain subnetwork interactions in both health control (HC) and PD groups using fMRI. Methods. FMRI data were collected for all participants at baseline (resting state) and under noisy, 1 Hz sinusoidal, and 70-200 Hz multisine GVS. All stimuli were given below sensory threshold, blinding subjects to stimulation. The subnetworks of 15 healthy controls and 27 PD subjects (on medication) were identified in their native space, and their subnetwork interactions were estimated by nonnegative canonical correlation analysis. We then determined if the inferred subnetwork interaction changes were affected by disease and stimulus type and if the stimulus-dependent GVS effects were influenced by demographic features. Results. At baseline, interactions with the visual-cerebellar network were significantly decreased in the PD group. Sinusoidal and multisine GVS improved (i.e., made values approaching those seen in HC) subnetwork interactions more effectively than noisy GVS stimuli overall. Worsening disease severity, apathy, depression, impaired cognitive function, and increasing age all limited the beneficial effects of GVS. Conclusions. Vestibular stimulation has widespread system-level brain influences and can improve subnetwork interactions in PD in a stimulus-dependent manner, with the magnitude of such effects associating with demographics and disease status. ER  - 
Autoimmune Encephalitis in Tunisia: Report of a Pediatric Cohort$$$ Background. Autoimmune encephalitis (AE) is a rapidly progressive encephalopathy caused by antibodies targeting neurons in the central nervous system generating specific immune responses. It is increasingly recognized in children. Objective. To describe clinical, neuroimaging, and laboratory features, treatment, and outcome in a cohort of Tunisian children with AE. Methods. We conducted a retrospective review of the medical records of all children attending the Department of Child and Adolescent Neurology (Tunis) with autoimmune encephalitis between 2004 and 2020. Clinical, neuroimaging, laboratory features, therapeutic data, and outcome were analyzed. Results. Nineteen children were included in the study (12 girls and 7 boys). The median age at diagnosis was 7.68 years (range: 10 months-13 years). The most frequent manifestations were seizures and behavioral disorders. Eleven cases were diagnosed with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, 4 cases with anti-Ma2 encephalitis, 3 cases with anti-GAD encephalitis, and 1 case with anti-SOX1 encephalitis. Brain MRI showed increased T2 and fluid-attenuated inversion recovery (FLAIR) signal of the temporal lobe in 5 patients. Eighteen patients showed improvement following first-line immunotherapy (high-dose corticosteroids, intravenous immunoglobulin). One patient with anti-GAD encephalitis died despite escalating immunotherapy. Conclusion. Diagnosis of autoimmune encephalitis is challenging in children, because of misleading presentations. An early and accurate diagnosis is important to enable proper therapeutic interventions. ER  - 
A cross-sectional cohort study of post-concussive symptoms and their relationships with depressive symptoms in youth with and without concussion$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the frequency and severity of post-concussive symptoms in youth with a history of concussion relative to youth without concussion who had another medical diagnosis, as well as compare the correlations between post-concussive and depressive symptoms between groups. We hypothesized comparable symptom reporting and correlations in each group. Methods: A total of 564 youth ages 8–18 years were assessed regarding post-concussive symptoms. A subset of youth (n = 360) were compared on correlations between post-concussive and depressive symptoms. Non-parametric statistics were used for most analyses. Results: Youth with concussion reported a comparable number of post-concussive and depressive symptoms as youth with another medical condition without concussion. However, those with concussion reported greater post-concussive symptom severity (but small effect sizes). Relationships between post-concussive and depressive symptoms were comparable for both groups, but for those who sustained a concussion, the correlation was significantly stronger for females than males. Conclusions: This study further demonstrates that post-concussive symptoms are nonspecific and provide little functional utility. Post-concussive and depressive symptoms are strongly correlated, particularly in females with concussion. Psychiatric comorbidities and other medical diagnoses should be assessed pre-injury because both affect interpretation of post-concussive symptom reports. ER  - 
Osmotic Demyelination Syndrome: Clinical, Neuroimaging Characteristics, and Outcomes in a Series of 18 Cases$$$ Objective. To investigate the etiology, clinical as well as neuroimaging characteristics, and outcomes after proper treatment in a series of 18 patients with osmotic demyelination syndrome. Methods. Medical records, including video records, of 18 patients with osmotic demyelination syndrome were retrospectively examined. Demographic and clinical information, imaging results, plans of management, and outcomes during the follow-up period were collected and analyzed. Results. Eighteen patients, including 10 males and 8 females, were included in the present study. The mean age at diagnosis of CNS insult was 47.4±13.3 years (ranged from 30 to 78 years). Etiologies included rapidly corrected hyponatremia (50%), alcoholism (27.8%), and others. Neurological manifestations included encephalopathy (61.1%), dysphonia (50%), extrapyramidal symptoms (38.9%), and seizures (22.2%). Neuroimaging results showed that 6 patients (33.3%) had central pontine myelinolysis, 5 (27.8%) had extrapontine myelinolysis, and 7 (38.9%) had both. After treatment, 12 patients showed improvement and the other 6 did not. Among these patients, those who showed symptoms of encephalopathy had a favorable outcome. The majority of those who presented with mental retardation, seizures, and no other symptoms recovered better than their counterparts who had other symptoms. Nine out of 11 patients with pseudobulbar paralysis and/or extrapyramidal symptoms showed improvement, but the other 2 did not show improvement. Five patients who did not improve after treatment during admission were followed up for 1-3 months with rehabilitation training recommended, and it was found that 3 showed significant improvement after training, and the other 2 did not respond to this training. Conclusions. Osmotic demyelination syndrome is a complex disease entity due to a variety of etiologies, manifesting with symptoms involving diverse systems of the brain. Early identification and removal/correction of conditions leading to osmotic demyelination syndrome are the key to prevent and/or manage this disease. ER  - 
Usefulness of a new semiological classification for characterizing psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background: Nonepileptic events misdiagnosed as epilepsy lead to a risk of iatrogenic morbidity, which increases health costs. Among the patients affected by nonepileptic events, 11-46% are psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs). Objective: To investigate the usefulness of the semiological classification of PNESs among patients diagnosed by means of video electroencephalograms (vEEGs). Methods: This was a retrospective review of the medical records of patients admitted to the adult vEEG unit between April 2007 and December 2016, who were diagnosed with PNES that was confirmed through vEEG. Analysis on demographic and clinical data and classification of PNESs according to the Magaudda classification were performed. Results: We identified 143 patients, among whom 31.5% had also epilepsy. According to the Magaudda classification, the events were: Hypermotor (58%); subjective symptoms (21.7%); akinetic (14.7%) and focal motor (5.6%). Hypermotor predominated in both genders, followed by subjective symptoms in women (23.9%) and akinetic in men (19.2%). The mean number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) prescribed per patient was 2.3. Thirty-two patients (22.4%) required at least one hospitalization for PNESs. 48.3% of the patients had psychiatric comorbidities. Conclusion: The proposed semiological classification of PNESs is a relevant tool that general neurologists can use to characterize these events in their daily practice. Correct use of this classification, together with vEEG and appropriate clinical suspicion, makes it possible to reach an accurate early diagnosis, thus reducing morbidity and, possibly, the high costs associated with PNESs. ER  - 
Cognitive–behavioural therapy compared with standardised medical care for adults with dissociative non-epileptic seizures: The codes rct$$$ Background: Dissociative (non-epileptic) seizures are potentially treatable by psychotherapeutic interventions; however, the evidence for this is limited. Objectives: To evaluate the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of dissociative seizure-specific cognitive–behavioural therapy for adults with dissociative seizures. Design: This was a pragmatic, multicentre, parallel-arm, mixed-methods randomised controlled trial. Setting: This took place in 27 UK-based neurology/epilepsy services, 17 liaison psychiatry/ neuropsychiatry services and 18 cognitive–behavioural therapy services. Participants: Adults with dissociative seizures in the previous 8 weeks and no epileptic seizures in the previous year and meeting other eligibility criteria were recruited to a screening phase from neurology/epilepsy services between October 2014 and February 2017. After psychiatric assessment around 3 months later, eligible and interested participants were randomised between January 2015 and May 2017. Interventions: Standardised medical care consisted of input from neurologists and psychiatrists who were given guidance regarding diagnosis delivery and management; they provided patients with information booklets. The intervention consisted of 12 dissociative seizure-specific cognitive–behavioural therapy 1-hour sessions (plus one booster session) that were delivered by trained therapists, in addition to standardised medical care. Main outcome measures: The primary outcome was monthly seizure frequency at 12 months post randomisation. The secondary outcomes were aspects of seizure occurrence, quality of life, mood, anxiety, distress, symptoms, psychosocial functioning, clinical global change, satisfaction with treatment, quality-adjusted life-years, costs and cost-effectiveness. Results: In total, 698 patients were screened and 368 were randomised (standardised medical care alone, n = 182; and cognitive–behavioural therapy plus standardised medical care, n = 186). Primary outcome data were obtained for 85% of participants. An intention-to-treat analysis with multivariate imputation by chained equations revealed no significant between-group difference in dissociative seizure frequency at 12 months [standardised medical care: median of seven dissociative seizures (interquartile range 1–35 dissociative seizures); cognitive–behavioural therapy and standardised medical care: median of four dissociative seizures (interquartile range 0–20 dissociative seizures); incidence rate ratio 0.78, 95% confidence interval 0.56 to 1.09; p = 0.144]. Of the 16 secondary outcomes analysed, nine were significantly better in the arm receiving cognitive–behavioural therapy at a p-value < 0.05, including the following at a p-value ≤ 0.001: the longest dissociative seizure-free period in months 7–12 inclusive post randomisation (incidence rate ratio 1.64, 95% confidence interval 1.22 to 2.20; p = 0.001); better psychosocial functioning (Work and Social Adjustment Scale, standardised treatment effect –0.39, 95% confidence interval –0.61 to –0.18; p < 0.001); greater self-rated and clinician-rated clinical improvement (self-rated: standardised treatment effect 0.39, 95% confidence interval 0.16 to 0.62; p = 0.001; clinician rated: standardised treatment effect 0.37, 95% confidence interval 0.17 to 0.57; p < 0.001); and satisfaction with treatment (standardised treatment effect 0.50, 95% confidence interval 0.27 to 0.73; p < 0.001). Rates of adverse events were similar across arms. Cognitive–behavioural therapy plus standardised medical care produced 0.0152 more quality-adjusted life-years (95% confidence interval –0.0106 to 0.0392 quality-adjusted life-years) than standardised medical care alone. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (cost per quality-adjusted life-year) for cognitive–behavioural therapy plus standardised medical care versus standardised medical care alone based on the EuroQol-5 Dimensions, five-level version, and imputed data was £120,658. In sensitivity analyses, incremental cost-effectiveness ratios ranged between £85,724 and £206,067. Qualitative and quantitative process evaluations highlighted useful study components, the importance of clinical experience in treating patients with dissociative seizures and potential benefits of our multidisciplinary care pathway. Limitations: Unlike outcome assessors, participants and clinicians were not blinded to the interventions. Conclusions: There was no significant additional benefit of dissociative seizure-specific cognitive–behavioural therapy in reducing dissociative seizure frequency, and cost-effectiveness over standardised medical care was low. However, this large, adequately powered, multicentre randomised controlled trial highlights benefits of adjunctive dissociative seizure-specific cognitive–behavioural therapy for several clinical outcomes, with no evidence of greater harm from dissociative seizure-specific cognitive–behavioural therapy. Future work: Examination of moderators and mediators of outcome. Trial registration: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN05681227 and ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02325544. ER  - 
Change in the frequency of seizure attacks and associated factors among adult epilepsy patients at amanuel mental specialized hospital (Amsh): A generalized linear mixed model (glmm)$$$ Background: While getting anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) treatment around two-thirds of the patients with epilepsy enter a seizure-free state, but some of them continue to experience seizures which increase the risk of accident, disability, death, and treatment side effects. Therefore, this study aimed to identifychanges in the frequency of seizure attacks overtime and associated factors among adult patients with epilepsy. Methods: A retrospective two year follow-up study was conducted among adult patients with epilepsy who initiated AEDs between July 2017 and June 2019. A simple random sampling technique was applied to select 394 patient charts. The data were entered into Epidata and then exported to R software for further analysis. A generalized linear mixed model under a negative binomial family was applied to identify determinants of the frequency of seizure attacks. Results: The median number of seizure attacks at baseline were 3 with the IQR of 2 and on average the frequency of seizure attacks decrease in a linear pattern over time. Age group 25–34 years (AIRR = 0.81 and 95% CI: 0.69–0.94), smoking (AIRR = 1.28 and 95% CI: 1.11–1.48), khat use (AIRR = 1.39 and 95% CI: 1.19–1.62), sleep deprivation (AIRR = 1.49 and 95% CI: 1.32–1.69), head injury (AIRR = 1.30 and 95% CI: 1.11–1.53), depression (AIRR = 1.39 and 95% CI: 1.17–1.65), treatment mode (AIRR= 1.22 and 95% CI: 1.07– 1.39), and clumsiness (AIRR= 1.85 and 95% CI: 1.24–2.75) were statistically significant seizure predicting factors. Conclusion: The number of seizure attack changes over time was decreased by a linear function that might reflect treatment effects of AEDs. Smokers, khat chewers, suffering a head injury, depression, experienced sleep deprivation, and clumsiness increases the number of seizure attacks. Conversely, the age group 25–34 years saw a decrease in the number of seizure attacks. This underscores that special attention should be given to substance users and those with related mental health disorders. ER  - 
Risk factors for epilepsy: A national cross-sectional study from national health and nutrition examination survey 2013 to 2018$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study is to investigate the risk factors of epilepsy based on the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Methods: The data in this study was obtained from the NHANES database between 2013 and 2018. It included 14,290 participants aged between 20 and 80. We defined people with epilepsy (PWE) when they self-reported took at least one treatment medication for seizures or epilepsy. Analysis of risk factors for epilepsy mainly includes Student’s t-test, chi-square test, univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results: People aged 40–59 shared 1.8 times the risk of epilepsy than those who aged 20–39, P=0.034. People who never married had a 2.8-fold higher risk of epilepsy than those who married/living with partner, P<0.001. The risk of epilepsy in subjects with very good/good general health was 0.4 times than that of subjects with fair/poor general health, P<0.001. Moreover, subjects without sleep disorders had a 0.4-fold higher risk of epilepsy than those who had sleep disorders, P=0.042. Conclusion: People who are older, unmarried, and have sleep disorders are at higher risk of epilepsy. In addition, good/good general health condition is associated with a lower risk of epilepsy. ER  - 
Psychological problems among patients with chronic medical disorders during the covid-19 pandemic$$$ The aim of the current study was to investigate the rates of stress, anxiety, and depression among people in south Iran (a group from the general population without a history of any chronic medical problems, and cohorts of patients were recruited from epilepsy, diabetes, and cardiac disease clinics). We surveyed a sample of people during September 2020: a group of the general population without a history of any chronic medical problems, people with epilepsy, people with diabetes mellitus (DM), and people with cardiac problems. The survey included four general questions and two COVID-19 specific questions [contracting COVID-19, relatives with COVID-19]. Furthermore, the survey included the DASS (Depression-Anxiety-Stress Scale)-21 questionnaire. 487 people were surveyed (154 people with epilepsy, 127 patients with DM, 98 people with cardiac problems, and 108 healthy individuals). Among people without a history of any chronic medical illnesses, 14% had any psychological problems. The highest rates of depression and anxiety were observed among patients with DM (52% and 57%, respectively), and the highest rate of increased stress was observed among people with cardiac problems (40%). The existence of any underlying medical problem was significantly associated with higher rates of depression, anxiety, and stress among the participants. While many patients with underlying chronic medical conditions suffer from depression, anxiety, and stress during the COVID-19 pandemic, we cannot establish a cause and effect relationship between the COVID-19 pandemic and increased psychological problems among these patients. ER  - 
Long-term clinical follow-up of patients with familial hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia$$$ Objective: Familial hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia (HSH) is an autosomal recessive disease caused by a mutation in the transient receptor potential melastatin 6 (TRPM6) gene and is characterized by selective magnesium malabsorption. Affected cases are usually diagnosed during infancy and usually present with seizures due to hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia. Irreversible neurological deficits and arrhythmias can be observed without appropriate treatment. The aim was to evaluate the long-term follow-up of patients with genetically confirmed HSH. Methods: A total of six patients with HSH, two of whom were siblings, were included. Age at diagnosis, clinical, laboratory and follow-up data on admission were recorded. All 39 exons of the TRPM6 gene and flanking exon-intron junctions from genomic DNA were amplified and sequenced in all cases. Results: The median (range) follow-up duration was 12.1 (7.6-21.7) years. All cases were diagnosed in infancy. Four different mutations, three of which had not been previously reported, were detected in the TRPM6 gene. Treatment compliance was good and there were no severe complications in the long-term follow-up of cases. However, mental retardation, specific learning difficulty and attention deficit/ hyperactive disorder were observed as comorbidities. Conclusion: Of the four different TRPM6 mutations in this small cohort, three had not been previously reported. The long-term prognosis of HSH appears to be good, given early diagnosis and good treatment compliance. This long-term follow-up and prognostic data and the three novel mutations will contribute to the published evidence concerning this rare condition, HSH, and it is hoped will prevent negative outcomes. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of fingolimod in Iranian patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: An open-label study$$$ Background: Fingolimod was the first oral therapy approved for treating relapsingremitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) in 2010. This open-label study evaluated the safety and efficacy of fingolideR, 0.5 mg in Iranian MS patients during one-year follow-up. Methods: A multicenter, open-label, longitudinal was designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of fingolideR, 0.5 mg over a one-year follow-up period across 11 centers. The patients were visited by their neurologists every two months to evaluate possible adverse events and clinical disease activity considered by recording Kurtzke's Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS). Results: A total of 252 patients with the mean treatment duration of 343±45.70 days were. 20 patients experienced adverse events (AEs) and serious adverse events (SAEs) such as resistant urinary tract infection (UTI), premature atrial contraction (PAC), skin allergic reaction, macular edema, chicken pox, zona, panic attacks, and exacerbations associated with steroids treatment, all of which led to FingolideR discontinuation. The mean EDSS decreased from (2.15±1.29, 95%CI: 1.99to2.32) at baseline to (1.85±1.22, 95%CI: 1.68to2.02) at 12th month (final visit) while a p-value revealed significant differences comparing baseline and final EDSS (p<0.001). Mean annualized relapse rate (ARR) of the patients in one year prior to the study was (0.006±0.016, 95%CI: 0.004to0.008) which changed to (0.005±0.016, 95%CI: 0.003to0.007) at the end of the study period. Patients with a 12-month period of fingolideR treatment experienced sustained ARR and disease progression (p<0.001). Conclusion: The obtained findings suggest that the administration of FingolideR, 0.5 mg (Fingolimod, Osvahpharma, Tehran, Iran) is safe and efficient for Iranian MS patients. ER  - 
Comparative assessment of health-related quality of life with and without anticonvulsant therapy in patients with childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes$$$ Objective: To estimate anti-seizure medication (ASM) treatment burden and its effects on health-related quality of life (HRQOL) in new-onset childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (CECTS) using different treatment approaches in Kazakhstan. Methods: Forty-three patients were followed prospectively during 2015 to 2020 for at least 2 years. Patients were divided into three groups: (1) history of ≤3 seizures (n = 32); (2) ≥4 seizures (n = 6); (3) cerebral palsy coexisting with CECTS (n = 5). The first group was subdivided into treated (n = 8) and observed (n = 24) subgroups. The shortened Quality of Life in Childhood Epilepsy Questionnaire (QOLCE-55) was completed by parents after 6 months of follow-up. Results: At the end of the study, all children had a sustained remission from seizures for at least 2 years. Differences were identified in emotional, social, and physical subscales between patients in the low seizure frequency group. Signs of low self-esteem, anxiety, depression, limited social interaction owing to pharmacotherapy, painful medical procedures, and stigma were reasons for decreased HRQOL in the treated subgroup. Overall HRQOL in treated (89.2 ± 5.2) patients was significantly decreased compared with observed children with low seizure frequency (98.0 ± 3.0). Conclusion: ASM therapy does not necessarily improve and may decrease HRQOL in children with low seizure frequency CECTS. ER  - 
Prevalence and Newly Diagnosed Rates of Multimorbidity in Older Medicare Beneficiaries with COPD$$$ Few studies have quantified the multimorbidity burden in older adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) using large and generalizable data. Such evidence is essential to inform evidence-based research, clinical care, and resource allocation. This retrospective cohort study used a nationally representative sample of Medicare beneficiaries aged 65 years or older with COPD and 1:1 matched (on age, sex, and race) non-COPD beneficiaries to: (1) quantify the prevalence of multimorbidity at COPD onset and one-year later; (2) quantify the rates [per 100 person-years (PY)] of newly diagnosed multimorbidity during in the year prior to and in the year following COPD onset; and (3) compare multimorbidity prevalence in beneficiaries with and without COPD. Among 739,118 eligible beneficiaries with and without COPD, the average number of multimorbidity was 10.0 (SD = 4.7) and 1.0 (SD = 3.3), respectively. The most prevalent multimorbidity at COPD onset and at one-year after, respectively, were hypertension (70.8% and 80.2%), hyperlipidemia (52.2% and 64.8%), anemia (42.1% and 52.0%), arthritis (39.8% and 47.7%), and congestive heart failure (CHF) (31.3% and 38.8%). Conditions with the highest newly diagnosed rates before and following COPD onset, respectively, included hypertension (39.8 and 32.3 per 100 PY), hyperlipidemia (22.8 and 27.6), anemia (17.8 and 20.3), CHF (16.2 and 13.2), and arthritis (12.9 and 13.2). COPD was significantly associated with increased odds of all measured conditions relative to non-COPD controls. This study updates existing literature with more current, generalizable findings of the substantial multimorbidity burden in medically complex older adults with COPD-necessary to inform patient-centered, multidimensional care. Supplemental data for this article is available online at https://doi.org/10.1080/15412555.2021.1968815. ER  - 
The impact of covid-19 on community neurology patients$$$ Background The COVID-19 pandemic has had a worldwide impact. People with neurological disorders are at an increased risk of severe infection and consequent mortality. In this study we investigated the impact of COVID-19 on community neurology patients in the absence of direct infection with the virus to see if their wellbeing was affected. Aims To determine whether and how the COVID-19 pandemic affected people with neurological disorders, in the absence of COVID-19 infection. Methods A prospective survey of patients with neurological conditions to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on their quality of life, physical and mental wellbeing, access to goods/services and areas of unmet needs relating to the pandemic. The survey was completed by 243 community neurology patients in Perth, Western Australia from April to June 2020. Results Most respondents reported that COVID-19 impacted their daily life (80.7 per cent) and family relationships (73.1 percent). 10.3 per cent of patients had a substantial effect on their access to facilities such as the gym, and services such as physiotherapy; as well as access to finances (7 per cent) and care (5.8 per cent); whilst anxiety was increased to a minor degree in over half of patients (55.97 per cent). Unclear public health information and guidelines, social isolation and disruption to routine were also identified as difficulties. Conclusion Despite the absence of direct infection with COVID-19, many neurology patients experienced physical and emotional detriment as a result of the pandemic. This study identified the need for organisation and amendment to provisions of neurological services in preparation for future pandemics. ER  - 
Evaluation of post-vaccination symptoms of two common COVID-19 vaccines used in abha, aseer region, kingdom of Saudi Arabia$$$ Background: The Pfizer-BioNTech (BNT162b2) and the Oxford-AstraZeneca (ChAdOx1 nCoV-19) COVID-19 vaccines have shown promising safety and acceptability. However, COVID-19 vaccine side effects play an essential role in public vaccine confidence. We aimed to study the side effects of these COVID-19 vaccines. Methods: A randomized, cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted between March and May of 2021. In total, 330 participants among the King Khalid University community in the Aseer region of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia reported their side effects following the COVID-19 vaccine. A questionnaire was designed and validated to collect the participants’ demographic data and COVID-19-related symptoms after COVID-19 vaccine injection. Results: Symptoms associated with COVID-19 were reported by 226 participants (68.5%). The most common side effects reported by the participants were fever (n = 136, 41.2%), fatigue (n = 119, 36.1%), headache (n = 86, 24.2%), malaise (n = 121, 36.7%), myalgia (n = 121, 36.7%), and muscle and joint pain (n = 76, 23%). Of the participants, 5.1% became infected with COVID-19 after vaccination. Symptoms were significantly more common in males than in females (p = 0.006). Conclusion: The incidence of COVID-19 vaccination side effects in the Aseer region, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, was consistent with the manufacturers’ data. The most common post-vaccination symptoms reported by the participants were fever, myalgia, malaise, fati-gue, muscle and joint pain, and headache. The results of this study showed significant variation in adverse events between Pfizer-BioNTech and Oxford-AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccines. Healthcare providers and recipients of vaccines can be more confident about the safety of Pfizer-BioNTech and Oxford-AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccines. ER  - 
Safety of gliadel implant for malignant glioma: Report of postmarketing surveillance in japan$$$ Clinical trial data of Carmustine implant (Gliadel Wafer) in Japanese patients with malignant glioma are limited; thus, we conducted a postmarketing surveillance study to evaluate the safety of Gliadel in real-world clinical practice in Japan. In this postmarketing surveillance study, all patients who received Gliadel placement for malignant glioma surgeries from its market launch (January 9, 2013) to July 10, 2013 were enrolled from 229 institutions using a central registration system. Up to eight wafers of Gliadel (containing 61.6 mg of carmustine) were used to cover the site of brain tumor resection intraoperatively according to the size and shape of the tumor resection cavity. The observation period lasted 3 months after Gliadel placement. Patients were followed up for 1 year postoperatively. Safety was assessed by the incidence of adverse events (AEs) and adverse drug reactions (ADRs). In total, 558 patients were included. Most patients (66.7%) received eight Gliadel wafers. The percentage of patients with ADRs was 35.7% (365 ADR episodes in 199 patients). Of the AEs of special interest, the most common were cerebral edema (22.2%, 124/558 patients), convulsion (9.9%, 55/558 patients), impaired healing (4.8%, 27/558 patients), and infection (3.4%, 19/558 patients). This first all-case postmarketing surveillance report of the safety of Gliadel in real-world clinical practice in Japan suggests that the risk of toxicity with Gliadel placement is relatively tolerable. The survival benefits of Gliadel placement should be evaluated and considered carefully by the clinician taking into account possible toxicities. ER  - 
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in paediatric patients with malignant haematologic diseases or epilepsy: Experience at a tertiary care hospital in Korea$$$ Background: Paediatric patients with epilepsy and malignant haematologic diseases (MHD) are at increased risk of mental health problems compared to the general population. The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among paediatric patients treated for MHD or epilepsy compared to that in healthy children in South Korea. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed 184 patients diagnosed with epilepsy and 172 patients diagnosed with malignant haematologic diseases in the paediatric department of Seoul St. Mary's Hospital from May 2009 to May 2013. Normal controls were selected from the out-patient clinic among those who visited the clinic for vaccination. Results: Paediatric patients with epilepsy or MHD exhibited significantly higher rate of ADHD compared to the controls (37.5% or 29.6% vs. 11.9%, P=0.039). Among children with both MHD and ADHD, 69.5% had the inattentive subtype and 30.5% had the combined subtype of ADHD. Among children with both epilepsy and ADHD, 70.6% had the inattentive subtype, 23.5% had the combined subtype, and 5.9% had the hyperactive type of ADHD. There were statistically significant differences between MHD patients with ADHD and MHD patients without ADHD of sex, age at onset of haematologic diseases (≤5 years), intrathecal chemotherapy, treatment duration and cranial radiation. Patients with epilepsy and concomitant ADHD showed significantly poorer response to epilepsy treatment than patients without ADHD. Conclusions: Paediatric patients with MHD and epilepsy are at significant risk for ADHD. Baseline testing of all patients with MHD or epilepsy is needed to assess their neuropsychological and academic skills over time to facilitate early intervention and prevent academic failure. ER  - 
Diagnostic Yield of 8-Hour Video-EEG in Detecting Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizures (PNES)$$$ To evaluate the diagnostic yield of the first 8 hours of video-EEG (vEEG) monitoring in detecting Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizures (PNES) during the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) admission. We performed a retrospective chart review of patients ages ≥4 years who were admitted to the EMU between 2011 and 2018 (n = 616). We calculated the proportion of patients diagnosed with PNES within the first 8 hours of EEG recording and studied the associated risk factors for patients diagnosed with PNES and patients with epileptic seizures (ES). Out of the total 616 patients, 24% (149) patients had an EMU diagnosis of PNES. Of these, 44.3% had at least one typical event within the first 8 hours of vEEG monitoring. A higher incidence was seen within the pediatric subgroup (54.8% had an event within 8 hours). A diagnosis of chronic pain disorder was more common with PNES compared to ES (48.3% versus 16.5%, p < 0.001). A suspicion for PNES documented during an office visit was noted in a high proportion of patients (68.5%) who eventually had a PNES event during EMU. Our study suggests that in a well-selected group of patients (such as a high suspicion of PNES during a physician/neurology office visit), an outpatient 8-hour vEEG could open new avenues for a prompt diagnosis. This could especially be beneficial in hospital settings where there is either a lack of an EMU or a delay in admission to the EMU. ER  - 
Periprocedural management of electroconvulsive therapy in pregnancy during COVID-19 outbreak: The first case report in Thailand$$$ Objective: To described the periprocedural electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) management of a patient in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy, the ECT complications, and their treatment. Materials and Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted of a 26-year-old parturient with bipolar I disorder with psychotic features during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) outbreak. Case Report: The patient was admitted and scheduled for ECT. Fifteen ECT sessions (eight on her first admission, and another seven on a second admission) were performed. General anesthesia with endotracheal intubation was conducted after sufficient preoxygenation. Complications were observed: prolonged seizure, decreased fetal heart rate, and hypersecretion. Nonetheless, good outcomes were achieved after treated with thiopental to terminate the seizure, intravenous crystalloid loading and left uterine displacement to stabilize the fetus, and suctioning and an antisialagogue for secretion clearance. Conclusion: In ECT during pregnancy, it can be challenging to apply electrical current, induce anesthesia and airway management to achieve safe patient care and ensure adequate seizure duration. Moreover, the ECT is conducted in a non-operating room setting where equipment may be deficient. A prerequisite is good periprocedural collaboration among members of the multidisciplinary team which include a psychiatrist, an anesthesiologist, and an obstetrics-gynecologist, as well as proper protective equipment to prevent the contamination to the environment. ER  - 
A study reflecting the demographics and comorbidities of children diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder at initial presentation to the kwazulu-natal children’s hospital$$$ Background. Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) retards the holistic development of a child owing to both inherent and comorbid medical pathology. Despite the profound effect of ASD on a child’s life, information regarding this neurodevelopmental disorder is limited. In South Africa (SA), there is a dearth of knowledge regarding ASD. In addition, the resources available to accommodate the needs of autistic children are largely insufficient in quantity and quality. Objectives. To determine demographics and comorbidities in autistic children at the KwaZulu-Natal Children’s Hospital (KZNCH). Methods. This study was a retrospective chart review conducted at the neurodevelopmental and neuropsychiatric clinics at the KZNCH in Durban, SA. Medical records of autistic children at their initial presentation to KZNCH from 1 January 2017-31 December 2017 were obtained and analysed. Results. The study sample comprised 114 study participants. Most participants (87%) presented above 36 months of age to the KZNCH. A 24-month delay was noted between onset of symptoms suggestive of ASD and presentation to a healthcare facility or KZNCH. Almost 50% of participants were awaiting placement in a special school. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) was the most common comorbidity, affecting 43% of participants. Conclusion. The study illustrated the demographic profiles and comorbidities of autistic children presenting to the KZNCH. However, the medical and social shortcomings in KZN elucidated in this study reinforce the necessity for further research to be conducted and resources to be invested to address the plight of children with ASD. ER  - 
Analysis of adherence to acute inpatient rehabilitation in patients with cancer$$$ Importance: The need for cancer rehabilitation is expected to continue to dramatically increase with the aging population and increasing number of cancer survivors. These survivors experience a wide range of physical limitations and symptoms that negatively affect their health and quality of life. Research is needed to determine the rate of adherence, reasons for non-adherence, and interventions to improve adherence to acute inpatient rehabilitation among patients with cancer. Objective: To evaluate the rate of adherence and reasons for non-adherence to acute inpatient rehabilitation in patients with cancer. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a secondary analysis of a retrospective study that assessed medical complications in 165 patients with cancer who had a median length of stay of 11 days (interquartile range of 8-14) in acute inpatient rehabilitation. We reviewed the records of all consecutive patients who underwent acute inpatient rehabilitation from September 1, 2017 through February 28, 2018 at a large academic, quaternary National Cancer Institute-designated Cancer Center. Main Outcomes and Measures: We calculated the rehabilitation session adherence rate and descriptively summarized the reasons for non-adherence. Results: There were 78/165 (47%) patients that had 1 or more incomplete rehabilitation sessions due to medical complications. These patients had a median of 2 (interquartile range of 1-4) incomplete rehabilitation sessions. We noted other reasons for incomplete rehabilitation sessions in 146/165 (89%) patients, who had a median of 3 (interquartile range of 2-4) incomplete rehabilitation sessions. The median total number of days with incomplete rehabilitation sessions in the entire cohort was 2 (interquartile range 1-3). Conclusion and Relevance: Among patients with cancer undergoing acute inpatient rehabilitation, the adherence rate to 1-hour long intensive rehabilitation sessions were low due to medical complications and other reasons. This in turn affected compliance with the 3 hours of rehabilitation a day requirement for acute inpatient rehabilitation. Patients with cancer undergoing acute inpatient rehabilitation are medically complex and further research at multiple institutions with larger cohorts may be beneficial in further assessing adherence rates and reasons for non-adherence to improve participation in acute inpatient rehabilitation. ER  - 
Risk factors for cancellation after dispatch of rapid response cars for prehospital emergency care: a single-center, case–control study$$$ Aim: The objective of this study is to identify the risk factors for cancellation after dispatch of rapid response cars (RRC) for prehospital emergency care. Methods: We retrospectively extracted data from all RRC cases dispatched from our hospital between April 2017 and March 2019. A total of 1,440 cases were included in our study and divided into either the “cancelled” group (n = 723) or the “treated” group (n = 717), based on the occurrence of cancellation. The variables obtained from the request calls for RRC included patient characteristics, distance from the hospital to the scene, and reasons for RRC request. The variables were compared between the two groups and logistic regression analysis was carried out to identify the risk factors for RRC cancellation. Results: Multivariable analysis showed that distance from the hospital to the scene (odds ratio [OR] 1.25; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.21–1.28), suspicion of cardiopulmonary arrest with no witness information (OR 7.61; 95% CI, 4.13–14.00), dyspnea (OR 2.22; 95% CI, 1.19–4.11), and suicide by hanging (OR 3.49; 95% CI, 1.37–8.89) were independent risk factors for cancellation. Conclusions: In our study, a greater distance from the hospital to the scene, suspicion of cardiopulmonary arrest with no witness information, dyspnea, and suicide by hanging were identified as independent risk factors for cancellation after dispatch of RRC. Evaluating the risk factors for cancellation at individual facilities could help hospitals adjust their dispatch criteria to allocate limited medical resources more effectively. ER  - 
Dental Trauma in Children with Autistic Disorder: A Retrospective Study$$$ Background. The oral health care of autistic children is elaborated; they often fail to define dental problems, and a family-centered approach can be useful to improve and intercept these disorders. Aim. To assess the oral status of autistic children, comparing it with no autistic patients. Materials and Methods. A retrospective study analyzed the oral health status of 70 children, 35 with autism and 35 without the disorder. Conditions assessed were dental trauma type, periodontal tissue injuries, soft tissue lip injuries, different treatments carried out, associated soft tissue findings and disorders, and the long-term management. All patients (≤15 years of age) were chosen consecutively. Results. Females (57%) suffered more traumatic injuries than males (43%) in the autistic group, whereas males affected by dental trauma (54%) are predominant in the control group. The enamel fracture was the main finding among the dental trauma types in both groups followed by enamel/dentin/pulp fracture (31%), root fracture (11%), and avulsions (3%) in the autistic group and by avulsions (20%), root fracture (11%), and enamel/dentin/pulp fracture (6%) in the control group. The comparison of all variables of the two groups showed a statistically significant difference (P<0.012). The lower lip was statistically more injured than the upper lip (P<0.005). Conclusions. The composite restorative technique was the most common approach carried out; the long-term evaluation, when possible, was predominantly managed through root canal therapy in the control group (81%), and root canal therapy (50%) and tooth extraction (50%) in the sample group. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric lupus in Malaysian children: Clinical characteristics, imaging features and 12-month outcomes$$$ Background. Neuropsychiatric lupus (NPSLE) serves as a marker of severe disease in children with juvenile onset systemic lupus erythematosus (JSLE). This study aims to characterise the clinical and imaging features at diagnosis; and outcomes after 12 months in Malaysian children with NPSLE. Methods. A retrospective study of all NPSLE patients seen at the Pediatric Rheumatology Unit, Selayang Hospital from January 2004 to May 2017. Results. Twenty-eight (19.8%) of 141 JSLE patients had NPSLE with a median presenting age of 10 years (IQR 9 – 12), median follow-up of 7 years (IQR 4 – 11) and female: male ratio of 3.7:1. Twenty-three patients had single episodes of NPSLE and five patients had two distinct episodes each. The mean disease activity score (SLEDAI-2K) was 24.9±11.8 at presentation with 81.8% having high disease activity (score >12). Majority (60.6%) present with NPSLE within the first year of SLE diagnosis whilst the remainder occurred at a median of five years (IQR 3-7) post-SLE diagnosis. Majority (75.8%) had central nervous system (CNS) involvement commonly presenting with seizures, delirium and visual complaints whilst 24.2% had peripheral nervous system (PNS) involvement. Frequent accompanying features included hypocomplementemia, acute cutaneous lupus and lupus nephritis. Autoantibodies were common; ANA (100%), anti-dsDNA (78.8%) anti-RNP (39.4%) and anti-Sm (39.4%). Abnormalities were seen in 85.7% of the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) studies performed, predominantly supratentorial white matter hyperintensities on T2 images whilst cerebrospinal fluid examination was normal in the majority. All patients with CNS involvement received corticosteroids with immunosuppressive therapy: Cyclophosphamide (20), Rituximab (2). Treatment for PNS involvement included corticosteroids with Azathioprine (6) or Mycophenolate mofetil (2). At 12 months post-NPSLE, majority (85.7%) recovered without any neurological sequelae. Conclusions. Juvenile-onset NPSLE presents with a myriad of clinical features. It is associated with high disease activity and non-specific MRI features. With early diagnosis and treatment, the majority had good prognosis. ER  - 
The clinical characteristics and therapeutic outcomes of escherichia coli meningitis in adults$$$ Background: To examine the clinical characteristics and therapeutic outcome of Escherichia (E.) coli adult bacterial meningitis (ABM). Methods: The demographic data, clinical and laboratory features and therapeutic outcome of 25 E. coli ABM patients were examined retrospectively. The clinical features of the reported E. coli ABM cases were also included for analysis. Results: The 25 E. coli ABM patients included 12 women and 13 men, aged 33-78 years (mean= 59.9). Of these 25 patients, 13 had a postneurosurgical state as the underlying condition. As to the underlying medical conditions, diabetes mellitus was the most common, found in 9 of the 25 cases. Of the clinical manifestation, severe neurologic manifestations including altered consciousness (19), hydrocephalus (10), seizure (7) acute/subacute cerebral infarct (5), brain abscess (2), subdural empyema (1) and spinal abscess (1) were found, and the other clinical features included fever (21), septic shock (8), bacteremia (6) and hyponatremia (3). With treatment, the mortality rate was ≥ 44.0% and the presence of septic shock was a significant prognostic factor. With literature review, 29 community-acquired and 12 postneurosurgical E. coli ABM cases were enrolled, and severe neurologic manifestation and high mortality rate were also found. Conclusions: This preliminary overview of E. coli ABM revealed the underlying conditions, severe neurologic manifestation and high mortality rate. Further large-scale, prospective study is needed for a better delineation of this specific infectious syndrome of adult E. coli meningitis. ER  - 
Analysis of the Clinical Effects of Sodium Valproate and Levetiracetam in the Treatment of Women with Epilepsy during Pregnancy$$$ Objective. To explore the clinical effects of sodium valproate and levetiracetam in the treatment of women with epilepsy during pregnancy. Methods. The clinical data of 124 women with epilepsy during pregnancy who received monotherapy with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in our hospital from September 2017 to January 2020 were retrospectively analyzed. According to the type of medication taken by the patients, they were recorded as the sodium valproate group (the VPA group, n = 56) and the levetiracetam group (the LEV group, n = 68 cases). The effects and the maternal and infant outcomes after treatment were compared between the two groups. The neuron-specific enolase (NSE), cognitive function-related parameters (brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and myelin basic protein (MBP)), and related inflammatory factors (tumor necrosis factor-(TNF-) α and interleukin-(IL-) 6) levels were compared between the two groups before and after treatment. Results. After treatment, the total clinical effective rate of the LEV group was 91.18% higher than that of the VPA group 73.21%, and the frequency and duration of seizures were lower than those of the VPA group (P<0.05). After treatment, the probability of gestational hypertension, depression during pregnancy, low-weight infants, and neonatal deformities in the LEV group was lower than that in the VPA group (P<0.05). After treatment, the levels of NSE, MBP, TNF-α, and IL-6 in the two groups decreased, and the levels of BDNF increased, and the LEV group changed significantly compared with the VPA group (P<0.05). Conclusion. Compared with sodium valproate monotherapy, levetiracetam is more effective in controlling seizures and improving maternal and infant outcomes in women with epilepsy during pregnancy and can effectively regulate their neurological and cognitive functions and reduce the serum inflammation factor level. ER  - 
Evaluation of patients admitted to pediatric neurology outpatient clinic with fainting complaint: Retrospective clinical research$$$ Objective: We aimed to evaluate patients admitted to the pediatric neurology outpatient clinic with the complaint of fainting etiologically. Material and Methods: The files of the patients who came to Giresun University Obstetrics and Pediatrics Training and Research Hospital between April 2018 and February 2019 with the complaint of fainting were analyzed retrospectively. Demographic data, neurological and cardiological examinations and tests were evaluated. Results: Data of 136 of the patients [86 (63%) female, 50 (37%) male)] were enrolled. The age range was between 3 months and 18 years. Mean age was 11.2±4.8 years. Of them 28 were under 5, 35 were between 5-12 and 73 patients were 12 years and older. Electroencephalography was taken in 103 patients, 74 of them were normal, 15 patients had generalized and 14 patients had focal epileptic discharges. Echocardiography was performed on 73 patients, 47 of them were found to be normal, and 26 of them had minor abnormalities that could not cause syncope. Twenty nineof the patients were diagnosed with epilepsy, 27 with vasovagal syncope, 5 with orthostatic hypotension, and 7 with breath holding spells. 5 patients were referred to an advanced center. Psychogenic disorders (7 attension deficit hyperactivity disorder, 6 anxiety disorder, 2 conversion disorder, 3 depression) were detected in 18 patients. Conclusion: A good history and physical examination are important in determining the etiology of syncope. Pediatric neurology and pediatric cardiology consultations may be required to differentiate syncope, seizures and to detect serious pathologies. In this study, epilepsy and psychiatric diseases were detected at a high rate in etiology. We wanted to state that depending on the center there may be changes in etiologies of syncope. ER  - 
The Efficacy and Safety Profile of Generic Intravenous Levetiracetam in a Real-World Setting$$$ Background: There are 3 main epileptic conditions in hospital settings that may require intravenous antiepileptic treatment: status epilepticus, acute repetitive convulsive seizures, and postoperative seizures. Generic intravenous levetiracetam (IV LEV) (Focale; Great Eastern Drug Co, Bangkok, Thailand), has been reported to have comparable efficacy to original IV LEV for treating status epilepticus and acute repetitive convulsive seizures in a randomized controlled trial. At present, there are limited data on the efficacy and tolerability of generic intravenous LEV in real-world situations. Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the clinical outcomes of generic IV LEV in a real-world setting. Methods: A retrospective study and analyses were conducted. All adult patients who used IV LEV at University Hospital, Khon Kaen University, Thailand from June 1, 2019, until February 15, 2020, were included. Data were analyzed and reported in terms of the efficacy and tolerability of generic IV LEV. Results: Ninety-three patients received IV LEV by 3 indications: status epilepticus, acute repetitive convulsive seizures, and postoperative seizures. The proportions of these 3 indications were 41.94% (39 patients), 9.67% (9 patients), and 48.39% (45 patients), respectively. The average seizure control rate at 24 hours was 89.25%. The seizure control rate was significantly higher in the acute repetitive convulsive seizures and postoperative seizure groups than in the status epilepticus group when generic IV LEV was given as the first-line treatment (75.00%; 88.37% vs 50.00%; P 0.035). The average length of hospital stay was 18.24 (25.40) days. There was no significant discharge status among the 3 groups (P = 0.348). Moreover, the average mortality rate was 5.38%. Side effects were reported in 14 patients (15.05%). The 2 most common side effects were vomiting and bronchospasm (3 patients; 3.22%). There were 10 patients with uncontrolled seizures at 24 hours (10.75%). The only factor associated with uncontrolled seizures at 24 hours was a history of epilepsy. The uncontrolled seizure group had a higher proportion of epilepsy patients than the seizure-controlled group (70.00% vs 33.73%; P = 0.037). Poor discharge status (not improved/death) was 18.28% (17 patients). There was no significant factor between those with an improved or poor discharge status. Conclusions: Generic IV LEV was effective and relatively well tolerated in the 3 clinical settings (ie, status epilepticus, acute repetitive convulsive seizures, and postoperative seizures). Further clinical data are still required to confirm the results of this study. (Curr Ther Res Clin Exp. 2022; 83:XXX–XXX) ER  - 
Lung Function and Health Status in Individuals with Severe Alpha-1-Antitrypsin Deficiency at the Age of 42$$$ Background: Severe hereditary alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency (AATD) is a known risk factor for the early development of pulmonary emphysema and COPD, especially in smo-kers. By the Swedish national screening programme carried out from 1972 to 1974, a cohort of individuals with severe (PiZZ) AATD was identified and has been followed up regularly. The aim of this study was to investigate health status, quality of life and lung function in this cohort at the age of 42 years compared with an age-matched control group randomly selected from the population registry. Methods: All study participants answered a questionnaire on smoking habits, symptoms, occupation, exposure to airway irritants and quality of life using Saint George’s Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ). They underwent complete pulmonary function tests (PFT) and forced oscillation technique (FOT) for the measurement of airway resistance and reactance. Blood samples were taken for allergies and IgG-subclasses as an indicator of increased risk of airway infections. Results: The residual volume (RV), total lung capacity (TLC) and RV/TLC ratio were significantly higher in the PiZZ ever-smokers compared to the PiMM ever-smokers and PiZZ never-smokers (p < 0.05). The resistance in the upper, small and total airways was significantly lower in PiZZ subjects compared to PiMM subjects (p < 0.05). A greater propor-tion of PiZZ never-smokers had an FEV1 /VC ratio <0.7 than PiMM never-smokers (p = 0.043). PiZZ subjects with occupational exposure to airway irritants showed a significantly lower FEV1, VC and higher RV/TLC ratio than PiMM individuals with exposure (p < 0.05). Conclusion: At the age of 42, ever-smoking PiZZ individuals have signs of COPD, and also PiZZ never-smokers have early, physiological signs of emphysema. ER  - 
One-year follow-up of treatment outcomes and patient opinions of Retraining and Control Therapy (ReACT) for pediatric functional seizures$$$ Retraining and Control Therapy (ReACT), a short-term treatment for pediatric functional seizures (FS), has been demonstrated to improve FS in children compared to supportive therapy. However, long-term maintenance of FS-reduction after ReACT is unclear. This study aims to assess seizure frequency 1 year after ReACT and determine patient and parents’ opinions of ReACT. Children with functional seizures who previously completed ReACT and their parents were asked to report 30-day FS frequency 1 year after completing ReACT. They also reported if ReACT was helpful. Paired samples t-tests were used to compare FS frequency before ReACT to 1 year after and to compare FS frequency in 30 days after ReACT to 1 year after. Fourteen children (Meanage = 15.43) and their parents participated. Seven-day FS frequency for patients at 1-year follow-up (Mean = 0.15) was significantly lower than 7-day FS frequency pre-ReACT (Mean = 5.62; p = 0.005). No differences were found when comparing FS frequency during 30 days post-ReACT (Mean = 0.29) and in 30 days before 1-year follow-up (Mean = 0.71). This study confirms long-term maintenance of FS-reduction after ReACT and supports the efficacy of targeting FS directly as opposed to mood or stress for reducing FS. Additionally, children and parents believe ReACT is beneficial. ER  - 
Overnight switch from levetiracetam to brivaracetam. Safety and tolerability$$$ Brivaracetam is a newer antiseizure medication than levetiracetam. It has a more selective action on the synaptic vesicle glycoprotein 2A binding site, and it seems to provide a more favorable neuropsychiatric profile. The aim of this study was to assess the safety and tolerability of an overnight switch from levetiracetam to brivaracetam. This was a retrospective descriptive study including patients with epilepsy treated with levetiracetam, who switched due to inefficacy or previous adverse events (AEs). In total, forty-one patients were included (mean age 40.9 ± 17.8 years, women 48.8%). Focal epilepsy represented 75.6% (n = 31) of patients (structural cause [n = 25], unknown cause [n = 6]). Four patients had idiopathic generalized epilepsy, two had developmental and epileptic encephalopathy and four patients were unclassified. The reason to start brivaracetam was inefficacy in 53.7% (n = 22), AEs in 65.9% (25/27 neuropsychiatric) and both in 19.5% (n = 8). Brivaracetam-related AEs were reported in 24.4%. Neuropsychological AEs associated with the previous use of levetiracetam improved in 76% of patients. Treatment was discontinued in 19.5% patients. Patients’ reported seizure frequency improved, worsened and remained stable in 26.8%, 12.2%, and 61.0% of the cases, respectively. An overnight switching to brivaracetam is safe and well tolerated. This treatment can improve levetiracetam-related neuropsychiatric AEs. ER  - 
Resection of bilateral occipital lobe lesions during a single operation as a treatment for bilateral occipital lobe epilepsy$$$ BACKGROUND Neurosurgical treatment of severe bilateral occipital lobe epilepsy usually involves two operations several mos apart. AIM To evaluate surgical resection of bilateral occipital lobe lesions during a single operation as a treatment for bilateral occipital lobe epilepsy. METHODS This retrospective case series included patients with drug-refractory bilateral occipital lobe epilepsy treated surgically between March 2006 and November 2015. RESULTS Preoperative evaluation included scalp video-electroencephalography (EEG), magnetic resonance imaging, and PET-CT. During surgery (bilateral occipital craniotomy), epileptic foci and important functional areas were identified by EEG (intracranial cortical electrodes) and cortical functional mapping, respectively. Patients were followed up for at least 5 years to evaluate treatment outcome (Engel grade) and visual function. The 20 patients (12 males) were aged 4-30 years (median age, 12 years). Time since onset was 3-20 years (median, 8 years), and episode frequency was 4-270/mo (median, 15/mo). Common manifestations were elementary visual hallucinations (65.0%), flashing lights (30.0%), blurred vision (20.0%) and visual field defects (20.0%). Most patients were free of disabling seizures (Engel grade I) postoperatively (18/20, 90.0%) and at 1 year (18/20, 90.0%), 3 years (17/20, 85.0%) and > 5 years (17/20, 85.0%). No patients were classified Engel grade IV (no worthwhile improvement). After surgery, there was no change in visual function in 13/20 (65.0%), development of a new visual field defect in 3/20 (15.0%), and worsening of a preexisting defect in 4/20 (20.0%). CONCLUSION Resection of bilateral occipital lobe lesions during a single operation may be applicable in bilateral occipital lobe epilepsy. ER  - 
Comorbidities in patients with multiple sclerosis in Croatia$$$ Background: Comorbidities in multiple sclerosis (MS) have a big role in management of this chronic demyelinating neurodegenerative disorder. The aim of this study was to evaluate comorbidities in patients with MS in Croatia. Subjects and methods: This was a prospective cross-sectional study carried out in an out-patient setting at a tertiary healthcare centre over 10 months, which included 101 consecutive patients with MS (mean age 42.09 (range 19-77) years, 75 female, 26 male, EDSS score 3.1 (range 0.0-7.0)). The average duration of the disease was 13.5±7.487 (range 1-42) years. Thirty-six patients were treated with disease modifying therapies (DMTs). Information on comorbidities was obtained during the medical interview. Data was analysed using software package IBM Corp. Released 2015. IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 23.0. Armonk, NY: IBM Corp. Results: 33% (n=34) patients did not have any comorbidities, and there is an equal number ofpatients (n=34, 33%) that just had one comorbidity. 17.6% (n=18) ofpatients had two comorbidities, and 15.7% (n=16) three or more comorbidities. The most frequent comorbidity was depression found in 25 (24.75%) patients (19 (18.8%) women, 6 (5.9%) men), followed by the hypertension in 12.87% (n=13). Hyperlipidemia and migraine were each found in 6.93% (n=7), and hypothyreosis and arrhythmia each in 3.96% (n=4). The number of the comorbidities was found to significantly increase with the duration of MS (r=0.232, p=0.037). Women were found to have significantly bigger numbers of comorbidities than men (t=-2.59, df=74, p<0.05). Older patients with MS were found to have significantly more comorbidities (r=0.335, p<0.01). Conclusions: This study gives insight into the presence of comorbidities in Croatian patients with MS. Connection with comorbidities must be considered when managing patients with MS. Any other comorbidity in MS may also affect the condition of the patient in general, and also their quality of life, and requires a tailored approach in management. ER  - 
Depression and quality of life in patients with Epilepsy - Single centre experience$$$ Background: Patients with epilepsy commonly report depressive symptoms. The main aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between epilepsy, antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and depression. We also wanted to evaluate possible association between depressive symptofigms in patients with epilepsy with the quality of life (QoL). Material and methods: This was a prospective cross-sectional study carried out at the tertiary teaching hospital (University Hospital Centre Zagreb, Croatia) with Ethics committee approval. Questionnaires evaluating depressive symptoms and QoL were administered to consecutive patients treated in the Referral Centre of the Ministry of Health of the Republic of Croatia for Epilepsy. Depressive symptoms were evaluated using Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D17). Quality of life was assessed using Quality of life in epilepsy-31 inventory (QOLIE-31) Results: 108 patients (63% women, 37% men; mean age 39.54±15.91 years, range 18-80 years) with epilepsy were included. 14.8% of patients had focal, 35.2% generalised and 40.7% both types of epilepsy. Majority of patients (65.74%) were on two and more AEDs and quarter was on monotherapy (25%); 42% were on newer, 19% on older and 39% on both AEDs. Mean total score on HAM-D17 was 9.94±8.18 (men - mean total score 10.16±8.85, women - mean total score 9.81±7.84). There were no significant differences on HAM-D17 regarding gender and age. We didn't find statistically significant differences regarding AEDs (older vs. newer AEDs, or both types AEDs) and results on HAM-D17, nor between the type of epilepsy and results on HAM-D17. We found strong negative correlation between the higher QoL and HAM-D17 (p=0.000). Conclusions: Results of this study evaluating depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy demonstrate that our patients mainly experience mild depressive symptoms, with no significant differences on HAM-D17 regarding gender and age. Patients with epilepsy with less pronounced depressive symptoms were found to have higher QoL. We did not find statistically significant differences regarding the type of epilepsy and results on HAM-D17, nor between the AEDs (older vs. newer AEDs, or both types AEDs) and results on HAM-D17. ER  - 
Sexual dysfunction in patients with Epilepsy$$$ Background: Patients with epilepsy commonly report sexual dysfunction (SD) and reproductive difficulties. This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between epilepsy. antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and SD. and its association with the quality of life and depressive symptoms. Subjects and methods: This was a prospective study carried out in a tertiary healthcare centre. SD was evaluated using the internationally acclaimed questionnaire Arizona Sexual Experiences Scale (ASEX) that was successfully translated into Croatian and validated for this purpose. Depressive symptoms and quality of life were evaluated using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D17) and Quality of life in epilepsy-31 inventory (QOLIE-31). Results: Of 108 patients (68 (63 %) women. 40 (37 %) men. mean age 39.54±15.91 (range18-80) years) with epilepsy. 16 (14.8%) had focal. 38 (35.2%) generalized and 44 (40.7%) both types of epilepsy. Mean overall total score on the ASEX questionnaire was 11.94±5.61 (mean total score women 12.85±6.00. mean total score men 10.4±4.55). with 48 reporting that they had sexual activity in the past week. Nine (8.33%) patients (7 (6.48%) women. 2 (1.85%) men. mean age 47.66±19.33 (range 25-80) years) had a score 19 and above. 38 (35.18%) patients (27 (25%) women. 9 (8.33%) men. mean age 46.82^17.78 (range 19-80) years) individual score 5 and above on any one item. and 33 (30.55%) patients (26 (24.07%) women. 7 (6.48%) men. mean age 48.87±17.8 (range 19-80) years) had an individual score 4 and above on any three items. Significant correlations were found between SD and older age (p=0.001) and between more pronounced symptoms regarding SD on ASEX andfemale gender (p=0.000). There were no significant correlations between the type of epilepsy and SD. nor between the AEDs (old generation vs. modern) and SD. Significant correlations were found between the SD and more pronounced depressive symptoms (p=0.003) and between the SD and a lower quality of life (p=0.001). Conclusions: Results of our study suggest SD is experienced by around one-third ofpatients in our group. which is similar to the previous percentage of SD reported in the community sample. Women were found to experience more pronounced symptoms of SD on ASEX. Symptoms of SD were found to be significantly correlated with older age. female gender. lower quality of life and depressive symptoms. while no significant correlations were found with the type of epilepsy and the AEDs. ER  - 
Interhemispheric approaches for pediatric brain tumors resection$$$ Background: In recent years, interhemispheric approaches are increasingly used in the surgery of brain tumors located in deep parts of the brain, such as the lateral or third ventricles, the pineal region, the corpus callosum, the septum pellucidum, as well as localized periventricularly, in the suprasellar region and medial cortex of the frontal-parietal-occipital lobes. The aim of the study was to analyze the neurological outcomes and safety of interhemispheric approach in children. Methods: The study included 64 pediatric patients with brain tumors of various localization, who underwent neurosurgical treatment from 2012 to 2020. The study was retrospective in nature. The median age of the patients was 8 years, of which 31 patients (48,4%) were female, and the remaining 33 (51,6%) were male. Results: Surgical and neurological complications associated with the tumor resection and interhemispheric approach were analyzed. Tumor resection trough interhemispheric approach were located: in the third ventricle – 36 (56,3%); in the lateral ventricles – 12 (18,8%); deep brain structures and thalamus – 9 (14,0%); in the medial part hemispheres – 7 (10,9%). Approach-related complications were diagnosed in 16 (25,0%) patients. Specific complications were in 5 (7,8%) cases. Transient hemiparesis occurred in 3 (4,7%) patients; infections in 3 (4,7%); hydroma requiring surgery in 7 (10,9%). 2 (3,1%) patients were diagnosed with subdural hematoma, which required emergency intervention; postoperative seizures were noted in 9 (14,0%) of them 2(3,1%) had a history of epilepsy; speech disorders (akinetic mutism type), memory and mental disorders were diagnosed in 3 (4,7%). Conclusions: Interhemispheric approach is relative safety in pediatric neurosurgery and avoids damage to the cerebral cortex and significantly reduces the frequency of postoperative complications. ER  - 
Analysis of psychiatric consultations in the department of neurology and stroke unit: diagnosis and therapy$$$ Aim. The aim of this study was to analyze psychiatric consultations of patients hospitalized in the Department of Neurology and Stroke Unit (DN/SU) of University Clinical Center in Katowice from 2017 to 2018. Method. A retrospective analysis of psychiatric consultations, psychiatric diagnoses (according to the ICD-10) and treatment recommendations was done. Results. 719 psychiatric consultations were performed in all hospital departments in the analyzed period. 488 (67.87%) consultations were conducted in the Department of Neurology and Stroke Unit. Most patients who required psychiatric consultations were diagnosed with Huntington’s disease (n = 25; 37.31%), Parkinson’s disease (n = 60; 23.9%) and epilepsy (n = 40; 22.73%). The most common psychiatric diagnoses included organic mental disorders (n = 229; 55.85%), particularly organic mood disorders (n = 73; 14.96%) and organic anxiety disorders (n = 32; 6.56%) whereas in the case of vascular diseases the most common diagnoses included disturbances of consciousness associated with delirium (n = 30; 40.54%). The majority of consultations (n = 388; 79.51%) resulted in the onset or modification of pharmacological treatment. The most frequently prescribed drugs were: neuroleptics (n = 174; 35.66%), mostly atypical (n = 152; 87,36%), and antidepressants (n = 230; 47.13%), mostly SSRIs (n = 216; 93.91%). In patients > 60 years of age organic disorders were more prevalent (n = 179; 66.30% vs. n = 49; 35.0%) and neuroleptics were more frequently prescribed (n = 131; 42.12% vs. n = 44; 24.86%) compared to patients < 60 years. Conclusions. Patients in the department of neurology and stroke unit underwent a psychiatric consultation most frequently. Optimizing the care of a neurological patient is related to close cooperation of a neurologist and a psychiatrist, as well as developing and updating common positions for the management of selected disease entities. ER  - 
Association of the Uncoupling Protein 2-866 G/A Polymorphism with Family History and Duration of Tobacco Use Disorder in a Turkish Population$$$ Background: A variety of substances cause neurotoxicity by increasing intracellular oxidative stress, followed by mitochondrial dysfunction. Uncoupling proteins (UCPs) act as membrane transport proteins and reduce reactive oxygen products and mitochondrial calcium influx. We aimed to study UCP2-866 G/A gene polymorphism in tobacco use disorder (TUD) by comparing genotype distributions between TUD patients and healthy controls considering clinical parameters. Methods: One hundred eighteen patients with TUD and 96 healthy volunteers were included in the study. The diagnosis of the patients were then confirmed, based on the DSM-5 criteria. Polymerase chain reaction and restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) were used to determine UCP2 gene polymorphism. Results: Our results demonstrated that the UCP2 genotype distribution and allele frequencies of the TUD patient group were significantly different from those of the control group. When the UCP2 genotype and the allele frequency distributions were compared between the two groups according to the family history of TUD in the patient group, the UCP2 genotype and allele frequency distributions were significantly different. The GG genotype or G allele percentage was significantly higher in patients with a family history of TUD, than the patients without a family history of TUD. Comparing clinical parameters based on the UCP2 genotype, the disorder’s duration was significantly different between the groups of UCP2 genotype. The duration of TUD was significantly shorter in patients with GG genotype than other genotypes. Conclusions: In summary, the UCP2-866 G/A gene polymorphism might be associated with family history and duration of TUD in Turkish patients. ER  - 
PSYCHOPATHOLOGIC DISORDERS ASSOCIATED WITH EPILEPSY AT THE YAOUNDÉ GENERAL HOSPITAL$$$ Introduction The psychopathological disorders associated with epilepsy are very specific entities that disrupt patients‘ life quality. The main challenges are diagnostic and therapeutic, especially in countries with limited resources. Objective To determine the frequency of psychopathological disorders and associated factors in patients with epilepsy, followed at the neurology unit of the Yaoundé General Hospital. Methods For 6 months, we conducted a descriptive cross-sectional study in adults aged 18 and above with epilepsy. Socio-demographic data, patient history, epilepsy history, treatment and progression were collected using a structured questionnaire. GAD-7 (Generalized Anxiety Disorders 7) was used for generalized anxiety, PHQ-9 (Patient Health Questionnaire 9) and NDDI-E (Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy) were used for depression. The diagnostic criteria of Logsdail and Toone were used for post-ictal psychosis, and the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders in the fourth revised version for interictal psychosis. Results Eighty-three patients were included. The average age of patients is 33 ± 12.99 years. Depression was the most common psychiatric comorbidity (63.8%), followed by anxiety (37.3%), and psychotic disorders (20.5% for postictal psychosis and 9.6% for inter-ictal psychosis). Female gender, onset of seizure bursts, young age, central nervous system infections, were factors associated with these commodities in this population. Conclusion Psychopathological disorders are common in our series. Specific psychotic disorders are found in 1/5 of the patients. ER  - 
FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH ANTIEPILEPTIC DRUG ADHERENCE IN EPILEPTIC PATIENTS AT A TERTIARY CARE CENTER IN ETHIOPIA: A CROSS SECTIONAL STUDY$$$ Background One of the leading brain disorders in developing countries such as sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) is represented by epilepsy. Non-adherence to epilepsy treatment is a worldwide health problem. Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) non-adherence rates among patients with epilepsy range from 30% to 50 % and often associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Objective The objective of this study was to assess the prevalence of AEDs non-adherence and associated factors in epileptic individuals. Methods This is an observational cross-sectional study conducted among epileptic patients at two tertiary care centers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Both descriptive and analytical analyses were used. Results A total of 250 epileptic patients were included in the present study. The mean age was 29.4 (±11.5) years. Males accounted for 54%. The prevalence of AEDs non-adherence and comorbid depression was 47.6% and 45.2% respectively. In multivariate logistic analysis, age of the study participants, age at first seizure, and comorbid depression were independent predictors of AEDs non-adherence when adjusted for the covariates. Being single is associated with non-adherence (p=0.008). Nearly two-third of the patients reported having seizure in the past two years despite taking the AEDs. Individuals aged below 30 year were associated with AEDs non-adherence compared to those age above 30 (p=0.01); and co-morbid depression was significantly associated with AEDs non-adherence (p=0.009). Near-significant association was observed between AEDs non-adherence and having seizure in the past two years (p=0.05). Conclusion In present study, high prevalence of AEDs non-adherence was observed among epileptic patients. Participants age, age at first seizure, and comorbid depression were found to be independent predictors of AEDs non-adherence. ER  - 
Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Psychiatric Hospitalization in a Tertiary Care Hospital of Northern India$$$ Objective: To study the pattern of admissions in a psychiatry ward during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic and compare the sociodemographic and clinical profiles of patients admitted in 2020 with admissions in 2019. Methods: The case record files of an inpatient psychiatric unit from March 23 to September 22, 2019, and March 23 to September 22, 2020 were retrieved. Sociodemographic data, admission criteria of the patients, clinical diagnosis (as per ICD-10 criteria), duration of stay in the ward, and details of capacity assessment were assessed. The data collected were tabulated as per coding system and analyzed and compared using statistical analysis system software. Results: Of a total of 312 admissions, 236 were in 2019 and 76 were in 2020 (P <.05), which was a significant (P < .05) decrease. More patients admitted in 2020 were in the age group of 30–39 years (P < .05), were residents of Chandigarh (P <.05), were housewives by occupation (P < .05), had incomes < 3,500 Indian rupees (US$48.01) per month (P < .01), were Hindu, and belonged to extended families (P < .05). The predominant reasons for admission in 2020 were complicated withdrawals, noncompliance to treatment (P < .05), and aggravation of psychiatric illness due to comorbid substance use. The ICD diagnoses schizophrenia, schizotypal and delusional disorder (F20–29) and mood disorders, predominantly mania (F30–31) were significantly higher and mental and behavioral disorder due to psychoactive substance use (F10-19) was lower among patients admitted in 2020. Conclusions: The results show that the numbers of admissions to the psychiatry ward in 2020 were significantly lower than pre-COVID 2019, and the predominant reasons for admission were complicated withdrawals due to psychoactive substance abuse and noncompliance to treatment. Also, the mean duration of stay was longer in 2020 compared to the previous year. ER  - 
Efficacy and Safety of 2 Fingolimod Doses vs Glatiramer Acetate for the Treatment of Patients with Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Doses of fingolimod lower than 0.5 mg per day were not investigated during the fingolimod clinical development program. Whether lower doses of fingolimod might retain efficacy with fewer safety risks remains unknown. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of fingolimod, 0.5 mg, and fingolimod, 0.25 mg, compared with glatiramer acetate and to assess whether these doses of fingolimod show superior efficacy to glatiramer acetate in adult patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Interventions: Fingolimod, 0.5 mg, or fingolimod, 0.25 mg, orally once per day or glatiramer acetate, 20 mg, subcutaneously once per day. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Multiple Sclerosis Study Evaluating Safety and Efficacy of Two Doses of Fingolimod Versus Copaxone (ASSESS) was a phase 3b multicenter randomized rater-blinded and dose-blinded 12-month clinical trial conducted between August 9, 2012, and April 30, 2018 (including the time required to recruit participants). A total of 1461 patients aged 18 to 65 years with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis were screened, and 1064 participants were randomized. These participants had at least 1 documented relapse during the previous year or 2 documented relapses during the previous 2 years and an Expanded Disability Status Scale score of 0 to 6 at screening. Data were analyzed between September and November 2018. Main Outcomes and Measures: The superiority of the fingolimod doses was tested hierarchically, with fingolimod, 0.5 mg, vs glatiramer acetate, 20 mg, tested first, followed by fingolimod, 0.25 mg, vs glatiramer acetate, 20 mg. The primary end point was the reduction in annualized relapse rate (ARR). Magnetic resonance imaging parameters, safety, and tolerability were also assessed. Results: Of 1461 adult patients screened, 1064 participants (72.8%) were randomized (mean [SD] age, 39.6 [11.0] years; 792 women [74.4%]) to 3 treatment groups: 352 participants received fingolimod, 0.5 mg, 370 participants received fingolimod, 0.25 mg, and 342 participants received glatiramer acetate, 20 mg. In total, 859 participants (80.7%) completed the study. Treatment with fingolimod, 0.5 mg, was superior to treatment with glatiramer acetate, 20 mg, in reducing ARR (40.7% relative reduction); the relative reduction with fingolimod, 0.25 mg, was 14.6%, which was not statistically significant (for fingolimod, 0.5 mg, ARR, 0.15; 95% CI, 0.11-0.21; for fingolimod, 0.25 mg, ARR, 0.22; 95% CI, 0.17-0.29; for glatiramer acetate, 20 mg, ARR, 0.26; 95% CI, 0.20-0.34). Treatment with both fingolimod doses (0.5 mg and 0.25 mg) significantly reduced new or newly enlarging T2 and gadolinium-enhancing T1 lesions compared with treatment with glatiramer acetate. Adverse events were reported in similar proportions across treatment groups (312 participants [90.4%] in the fingolimod, 0.5 mg, group, 323 participants [88.3%] in the fingolimod, 0.25 mg, group, and 283 participants [87.3%] in the glatiramer acetate group). Conclusions and Relevance: Fingolimod, 0.5 mg, demonstrated superior clinical efficacy compared with glatiramer acetate, 20 mg, and had a superior benefit-risk profile compared with fingolimod, 0.25 mg, in adult participants with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01633112. ER  - 
Retention Rate and Efficacy of Perampanel with a Slow Titration Schedule in Adults$$$ Rationale: The manufacturer of perampanel (PER) suggests an initial adult dose of 2-4 mg/day and an upward dose titration of 2 mg at no more frequently than 1-or 2-week intervals when used with enzyme-enhancing antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) or nonenzyme-enhancing AEDs, respectively the general practice in our clinic is an initial dose of PER 2 mg/day and titrated by 2 mg/4 weeks to an initial target of 6 mg/day. Methods: Retrospective chart audit of patients starting PER in an adult epilepsy clinic between September 2013 and November 2016 with at least one 6-month follow-up visit was reviewed. Data collection included patient demographics, seizure characteristics, past and concurrent therapy, monthly seizure frequency before PER and at 6-month visit, and characteristics of PER discontinuation. Efficacy of treatment was assessed with the Engel classification and 50% responder rate. Results: N = 102 patients; mean age = 40 years and 54% females. Focal onset seizures 85%, generalized 13%, and unknown 2%. Median prior AED exposure = 6 (range 3-20); median concomitant AED use = 2 (range 1-5). Follow-up range was 6-37 months the median seizure frequency/month prePER treatment was 6 (range 0-30) for focal onset seizures and 1 (range 0-6) for generalized seizures the retention rate amongst all patients at 6 months was 78.4%. At 6-month follow-up, 36% of all patients achieved Engel class I (seizure freedom) (30.7% of patients with focal onset seizures and 63.6% with generalized epilepsy) the 50% responder rate was 52% and 82% for focal and generalized epilepsy, respectively. Conclusion: PER has a good retention rate when titrated slowly and thus encouraging seizure freedom results in an otherwise medically refractory epilepsy population. ER  - 
Cost-Effectiveness of Emergent MRI during Stroke Alert to Diagnose Stroke Mimics: Single-Center Experience$$$ Objective The aim of this article was to assess the role of emergent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) for stroke mimics during a stoke alert (within 45 minutes) in reducing direct cost of management and duration of inpatient stay. Methods We did a retrospective chart review of all the patients who received emergent MRI brain during a stroke alert to help make decision about intravenous tissue-type plasminogen activator (IV tPA) administration from January 2013 to December 2015. Using the patient financial resource data and with the help of billing department, we calculated the approximate money saved in taking care of the patients who may have received IV tPA if emergent MRI brain was not available to diagnose stroke mimics as they presented with acute neurologic deficit within IV tPA time window. Results Ninety seven out of 1,104 stroke alert patients received emergent MRI. Of these only 17 (17.5%) were diagnosed with acute ischemic stroke (AIS), and 80 (82.5%) as stroke mimics. By doing emergent MRI for suspected stroke mimics, our study showed an approximate total saving of $1,005,720 to $1,384,560, that is, $12,571 to $17,307 per patient in medical expenditure. Discussion We suggest modification of stroke pathway from current algorithm CT+CTA≥IV-tPA/neurointervention≥MRI to MRI+MRA≥IV-tPA/neurointervention for possible stroke mimics, which can reduce the cost, radiation exposure, and duration of hospital stay for stroke mimics. Conclusion Emergent MRI is a cost-effective tool to evaluate IV-tPA eligibility for suspected stroke mimics during a stroke alert. ER  - 
Impact of COVID-19 on people suffering with epilepsy$$$ Background: Epilepsy is one of the most common problems in neurology clinical practice and currently we are in the midst of the coronavirus outbreak. The coronavirus pandemic is an epidemiological and psychological crisis, which is likely to affect persons with epilepsy. Objectives: This study was designed to evaluate the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on patients with epilepsy and effects on their mental health. Materials and Methods: This was a cross-sectional web-based survey carried out at the department of Neurology at a tertiary care hospital. A questionnaire was designed in the local language using Google Forms to assess basic knowledge regarding epilepsy, coronavirus, effects of COVID-19 and lockdown on epileptic patients and also effects on their mental health. The link to the online survey was distributed via WhatsApp messenger to epilepsy patients. Results: One hundred fifty-six cases were enrolled with 69.1% were below 34 years of age and male: female ratio was 1.2:1. Only 34.3% of the participants were employed and 50% of patients had an income of less than Rs. 3000 per month. Of the patients enrolled, 20.5% reported the 'devil' and superstitions as a cause of epilepsy and only 10% of patients thought that tantric (holy priest) could treat the disease better than doctors. 53.8% of patients worried about getting COVID-19 and could not stop thoughts about being infected by coronavirus bothering them. 30.3% patients had increased seizure frequency during COVID-19 pandemic, of which the most common reason was that they forgot to take regular antiepileptic drugs (22.7%) or they had faced difficulty in obtaining medicine due to lockdown (12.1%). During the pandemic, 17% of patients reported depression symptoms and another 21% reported anxiety symptoms. Conclusion: The current COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected patients with epilepsy and increased seizure frequency, depression, anxiety, unemployment, and financial difficulty in obtaining medication. ER  - 
Rehabilitation therapies in Rett syndrome across the lifespan: A scoping review of human and animal studies$$$ PURPOSE: To perform a scoping review of the evidence for therapeutic interventions to manage functional impairments associated with Rett syndrome (RTT) throughout the lifespan. METHODS: MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CENTRAL, CINAHL, Scopus and Index to Chiropractic Literature were searched systematically up to December 2019. Two investigators independently reviewed all search results and extracted those that met the inclusion criteria. Human and animal model studies pertaining to therapies that increase functional ability or treat RTT-associated symptoms in all age groups were included. Relevant studies were grouped into intervention categories and rated using the Oxford Centre of Evidence Based Medicine Levels of Evidence. Demographics of participants, interventions, and outcomes were summarized. RESULTS: Ninety-one articles representing 88 studies met the inclusion criteria, of which 80 were human clinical studies and eight were studies using animal models. Study designs were primarily case series and only six studies involved participants above the age of 40. CONCLUSION: A small number of rigorously studied rehabilitation interventions have been published. Published studies aim to address a wide variety of functional impairments. Research regarding implementation of therapies for older patients with RTT is lacking and requires further exploration. ER  - 
The use of blue lotus (Nymphaea Caerulea) in vaping devices: A case series$$$ Background: The blue lotus flower (Nypmhaea caerulea) is known for its psychoactive effects, with a history dating back to Ancient Egypt. The psychoactive effects of the flower are attributed to two aporphine alkaloids, apomorphine and nuciferine. Apomorphine is a non-selective dopamine agonist, non-selective alpha antagonist, and a serotonin modulator, with activity as a partial agonist at 5-HT1a and an antagonist at 5- HT2a. Methods: This is a retrospective chart review of four patients who presented to the emergency department with altered mental status following the self-reported use of blue lotus products. The product was delivered either through a vaping device (three of four patients) or as an infused wine (one of four patients). Results: Four patients were brought via ambulance to the emergency department, where three of four had normal vital signs, and one had tachycardia. No patients had syncope, seizure, or hyperreflexia. One patient had mild hypoxia that resolved with deep inspiration. Significant exam findings included hallucinations and decreased alertness in all patients, with disorientation for one. While one patient's CK was mildly elevated at 3,215 with a creatinine of 1.3, he did not have symptoms of rhabdomyolysis. No other patient in our series had CK measured. Screening for coingestants with urine immunoassay for drugs of abuse was negative. Testing for apomorphine and nuciferine was not performed. The observation times for these patients until achieving clinical sobriety ranged from two hours and 45minutes to four hours; all were discharged. Conclusion: Blue lotus is an uncommonly seen hallucinogen that can be used in vaping products. Knowledge of evolving trends in regard to the vaping epidemic can help to provide direction in cases of undifferentiated altered mental status. In this limited series, consumption of blue lotus leads to self-limited symptoms and can be managed supportively. ER  - 
Prognostic Impact of 18-F-Florbetaben Amyloid PET Imaging in Patients with Isolated Increases in Cerebrospinal Fluid Phospho-Tau Biomarkers: A Longitudinal Study$$$ This longitudinal study evaluates the prognostic impact of amyloid PET in patients suspected of Alzheimer's disease and presenting with isolated cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) increases in P-Tau proteins (NCT02556502). The rate of conversion, based on the DSM-5 criteria and all collected data (average follow-up of 39.2±13.2 months), was determined by a panel of experts blinded to the PET results and was 75%(6/8) for positive and 35%(6/17) for negative baseline amyloid PET. In this population with isolated CSF increases in P-Tau, a positive baseline amyloid PET was associated with greater than twice the proportion of dementia conversions within the following three years. ER  - 
Demographic and clinical phenotypic differences between people with dissociative seizures and those with other psychiatric disorders$$$ Background A large amount of literature surrounds the differences between dissociative neurological symptom disorder with non-epileptic seizures (DNSD-S) and epilepsy. Aims To explore the research gap on phenotypic differences between DNSD-S and other psychiatric disorders. Method We conducted a case-control study of 1860 patients (620 patients with DNSD-S and 1240 controls with other psychiatric disorders) seen at the South London and Maudsley Hospital NHS Trust between 2007 and 2019. Results Compared with the controls, the patients with DNSD-S were more likely to be female (76 v. 47%, P < 0.001), of White ethnicity (77 v. 60%, P < 0.001), married (34 v. 14%, P < 0.001) and living in areas of lower socioeconomic status (-3.79, 95% CI -2.62 to -4.96, P < 0.001). Two peaks for age at diagnosis were observed for DNSD-S: the early 20s and late 40s. After 31 years of age, men's chance of being diagnosed with DNSD-S increased from 19 to 28% (P = 0.009). People with DNSD-S presented more commonly with a history of a neurological episodic or paroxysmal disorder (OR = 12, 95% CI 7.82-20.26), another dissociative disorder (OR = 10, 95% CI 1.64- 65.95) or unclassified signs or symptoms (OR = 4, 95% CI 2.61-6.43). Neither anxiety, depression nor other somatoform disorders predicted subsequent diagnosis of DNSD-S, and controls had a larger proportion of preceding psychiatric diagnoses than patients with DNSD-S (65 v. 49%, P < 0.001). Conclusions This is the first study comparing demographic and phenotypic correlates of patients with DNSD-S against a large cohort of psychiatric patients. These data will inform development and drive service needs in psychiatry for people with DNSD-S. ER  - 
Beyond the Extreme Delta Brush: EEG as a Diagnostic Adjunct in Autoimmune Encephalitis$$$ Background: Despite comprehensive serum and CSF antibody panels, a characteristic EEG pattern, and an excellent predictive clinical score (APE2), diagnosing antibody-mediated encephalitis remains difficult. This is due to the insidious disease course, resemblance to more common psychiatric and epileptic disorders, and a significant latency in lab results. Objectives: Standardized inclusion of all EEG data in suspected autoimmune encephalitis may increase the diagnostic yield. Methods: Patients diagnosed at the neurology departments of Wright State University and University of South Carolina between 2015 and 2020 with autoimmune or paraneoplastic encephalitis were retrospectively analyzed. This entailed APE2 scores, MR imaging, EEG recordings, as well as autoantibodies and inflammatory markers in the serum and/or CSF. Results: 19 patients clearly met APE2 criteria for antibody-mediated encephalitis, while five others did not reach the threshold score, and were considered probable. This was due to a prolonged duration of exclusively psychotic symptoms in three, and exclusively refractory status epilepticus in another. One case exhibited minimal elevation in CSF protein Two had borderline titers of serum rheumatolgoical antibodies as the only abnormality throughout diagnostic evaluuations. MRI brain was normal in all five cases. EEG was abnormal in all five, including one with an extreme delta-brush. Conclusions: Developments in immunofluorescence, pathology and symptomatology have provided the means to tackle the complexities of autoimmune encephalitides. Nonetheless, our case series indicates the need to refine diagnostic guidelines. For instance, chronic psychiatric illness may obscure the progressive neuropsychiatric changes crucial for diagnosis. And current lab tests may not reveal the directly pathological antibody. We suggest adding any EEG abnormalities to formal clinical scores. Even if nonspecific, these can provide relatively quick and inexpensive diagnostic clues. ER  - 
Misdiagnosis of prolonged psychogenic non-epileptic seizures as status epilepticus: Epidemiology and associated risks$$$ Objective: To determine the epidemiology of prolonged psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (pPNES) misdiagnosed as status epilepticus, as well as the risks associated with non-indicated treatment. Methods: We performed an individual patient data analysis from the Rapid Anticonvulsant Medication Prior to Arrival Trial (RAMPART) and the Established Status Epilepticus Treatment Trial (ESETT) to assess incidence, patient characteristics and clinical course of misdiagnosed pPNES. Results: Among 980 patients aged 8 years or older diagnosed and treated for status epilepticus in RAMPART and ESETT, 79 (8.1%) were discharged with a final diagnosis of pPNES. The relative incidence was highest in adolescents and young adults (20.1%). The typical female preponderance seen in that age bracket was not evident in children and older adults. Adverse effects, including respiratory depression and intubation, were documented in 26% of patients with pPNES receiving benzodiazepines in RAMPART and 33% of patients receiving additional second-line medication in ESETT. In ESETT, patients who were treated with benzodiazepines before hospital admission had higher rates of unresponsiveness and severe adverse effects than those treated after admission, suggesting cumulative effects of accelerated treatment momentum. Across trials, one in five patients with pPNES were admitted to an intensive care unit. Conclusions: Misdiagnosis and treatment of pPNES as status epilepticus are a common and widespread problem with deleterious consequences. Mitigating it will require training of emergency staff in semiological diagnosis. Status epilepticus response protocols should incorporate appropriate diagnostic re-evaluations at each step of treatment escalation, especially in clinical trials. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric involvement in childhood systemic lupus erythematosus: A multicenter study in Turkey$$$ Introduction: The childhood neuropsychiatric SLE(c-NPSLE) is a challenge for clinicians. NPSLE is more frequent while there are fewer studies in children than adults. Objectives: To evaluate c-NPSLE in Turkey. Methods: Demographic features, laboratory, imaging findings, and the features according to the ACR 2019 case definitions were evaluated. Results: 143/1059 c-NPSLE patients (F/M: 8/1) were involved from 23 centers. The c-NPSLE prevelance was 13.6%. The median (min-max) age at SLE diagnosis and NP involvement were 159(15-215) and 168(15-248) months, respectively. The median (min-max) SLEDAI score was 20 (2-61) at NP involvement. The most frequent CNS involvements were headache(48.3%),seizure(39.2%),acute confusional state( 33.6%),mood disorder(30.8%), anxiety disorder(30.1%),cognitive dysfunction(21.7%),movement disorder(18.2%), psychosis(18.2%), cerebrovascular disease(14.7%). The most frequent peripheral nervous system involvements were polyneuropathy(6.3%),chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy(3.5%), Guillain-Barre syndrome( 2.8%),isolated optic neuritis(2.8%). The other manifestations were PRES(9.1%), idiopathic intracranial hypertension(5.6%), neuromyelitis optica(2.8%). The most frequently administered therapies were oral corticosteroids(97.9%) and hydroxychloroquine(89.5%) while cyclophosphamide was the most frequently used immunosuppressant( 55.2%). Non-NPSLE involvements were hematologic (79.7%) and skin (77.6%) involvements, lupus nephritis(47.6%), serositis( 68.5%). Permanent neurological sequelae was present in 11.9% (n=17),7 (4.9%) patients died. Conclusion: This study provides real-life data for c-NPSLE with a high number of patients from Turkey, and shows that c-NPSLE can have very different phenotypic patterns and may cause significant morbidity. We believe that it will significantly contribute to the literature on c-NPSLE, for which little information is available. ER  - 
Antidepressant response of electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy: Response trajectories by symptom clusters$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for severe depression, particularly for cases with psychotic features, treatment-resistance, and acute suicidality. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), in which seizures are induced using high-dose repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, can potentially offer similar efficacy as ECT, but with fewer adverse side effects. Although the efficacy rates between the two treatment modalities have been shown to be relatively similar, it is unclear whether they differentially act on depressive symptom dimensions and clusters. Methods: This was a secondary analysis of a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial comparing the efficacy of ECT (ultrabrief pulse, right unilateral electrode placement) and MST (circular coil over vertex). The randomized clinical trial was conducted under an Investigational Device Exemption from the US FDA and was approved by the Institutional Review Boards of the New York State Psychiatric Institute, Duke University Medical Center, and UT Southwestern Medical Center. Participants were referred for treatment with ECT, between the ages of 21 and 81, and met DSM-IV-TR criteria for a major depressive episode in the context of major depressive disorder or bipolar depression based on the Structured Clinical Interview for Diagnosis, and had a baseline 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) total score of 18 or greater. Exclusion criteria included a history of neurological disorders, head trauma, contraindications to transcranial magnetic stimulation, current unstable or serious medical illness, pregnancy, presence of implanted electronic devices, history of ECT in the prior six months or failure to previously respond to ECT, or a Mini Mental Status Exam total score less than 24. Data from an intent-to-treat sample of 72 participants were included in this analysis. First, we conducted an exploratory factor analysis of HAMD subitems at baseline. All but one participant scored 0 on the item Insight; therefore, we removed this item from the factor analysis (thus the HAMD now comprised 23 items). The number of factors was determined using parallel analysis. The minimum residual approach was used with oblique, oblimin rotations to allow for between-factor correlations. Items with loadings > = 0.3 were included for each factor. The factor scores at each treatment, calculated as the sum of individual item scores at each treatment, were normalized to baseline factor scores. Next, we performed latent class trajectory modeling to classify participants into classes based on fitting heterogeneous longitudinal polynomial response trajectories. We used the 24-item HAMD total score at each treatment for up to the eighth treatment, from a subset of 67 participants who had received a minimum of three ECT or MST treatments. We used a model with up to a cubic polynomial term, with quadratic random effects and a proportionality constraint to allow variance structures to vary across classes. To assess model adequacy, we calculated the average posterior probability of class membership (>0.7 in all classes is regarded as acceptable). We further assess model adequacy using odds of correct classification (>5 recommended) and mismatch (close of zero recommended). Finally, we explored whether baseline clinical, demographic characteristics, and treatment modalities were associated with response trajectories. Results: For the baseline 23-item HAMD, the Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin sampling adequacy measure was 0.58, which was minimally adequate for factor analysis. The 23 items loaded onto 4 factors. Factor 1 consisted of hopelessness (loading score = 0.77), depressed mood (0.61), work and activities (0.56), helplessness (0.53), worthlessness (0.44), psychic anxiety (0.40), and suicide (0.34); Factor 2 consisted of late insomnia (0.76), general somatic symptoms (0.34), psychomotor retardation (0.34), and early insomnia (0.30); Factor 3 consisted of weight loss (0.60), gastro-intestinal symptoms (0.56), hypochondriasis (0.53), and somatic anxiety (0.43); Factor 4 consisted of middle insomnia (0.70), guilt (0.64), and depersonalization (0.34). Over the first 8 treatments of ECT or MST, Factors 1 and 4 showed substantial reductions relative to baseline (z-scores∼-1.5 at treatment 8), whereas Factors 2 and 3 only slight reductions (z-score > -1). There was no difference between ECT and MST on the magnitude or speed of symptom factor score reduction. In the 3-class model, the response trajectories showed distinct temporal patterns. The first class, which we labeled “nonresponse” (N = 10, 14.9%), showed minimum HAMD reduction over the eight treatments. The second class, labeled as “linear response” (N = 46, 68.7%), showed steady linear reduction in HAMD. The third class, labeled as “rapid response” (N = 11, 16.4%), showed maximal HAMD reduction within the first three treatments. Further exploratory analysis showed that the three classes did not differ in baseline depression severity (symptom factor scores, or total HAMD), age, sex, or treatment modality. Conclusions: ECT and MST did not differ in their impact on symptom dimensions or the speed of symptom improvement. The most significant improvements observed were in the core mood symptoms of depression. We identified distinct classes of response trajectories. Future work is needed to identify predictors of response class using discrimination analysis with additional psychosocial and physiological covariates. ER  - 
LYT-300: An orally bioavailable prodrug of allopregnanolone with anticonvulsant activity$$$ Background: Neuroactive steroids, which function as allosteric modulators of GABAA receptors, are in clinical development for post-partum depression, intractable epilepsy, tremor, status epilepticus, and some genetic epilepsy disorders. (3α,5α)-3-Hydroxy-pregnan- 20-one (allopregnanolone or ALLO) is an endogenous neuroactive steroid which is a positive allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors. An intravenous formulation of allopregnanolone (brexanolone) was recently approved for treatment of severe postpartum depression (marketed as Zulresso®) where it is given in a hospital setting over a 60-hr infusion period. The duration of antidepressant effect has been reported out to 30 days. The low oral bioavailability of allopregnanolone was the rationale underlying the development of an intravenous dosing formulation. The ability to provide ALLO at therapeutic drug levels by the oral route could have significant advantages and expand its applicability beyond postpartum depression (PPD). Methods: A novel prodrug strategy was used to facilitate sufficient exposure of ALLO by leveraging lymphatic absorption of dietary lipids. PureTech Health's Glyph technology reversibly connects an active drug to a dietary fat molecule, which shifts the route of intestinal absorption from the liver to the gut-draining lymphatics. Typically, molecules are absorbed into intestinal epithelial cells, passed to the liver and then into the systemic blood circulation. However, lipids and other highly lipid-soluble molecules are transported via the lymphatic route via a specific set of fatprocessing pathways, bypassing the liver. The prodrug technology mimics this system by the reversible attachment of the drug to a triglyceride. This system uses proprietary chemistry to form the reversible attachment to the parent compound (ALLO). A selfimmolative portion controls systemic release of the parent compound once absorbed, a linker tunes recognition for triglyceride resynthesis to maximize lymphatic transport levels, and a terminal glyceride integrates prodrug into chylomicrons for lymphatic transport. Using this approach, a series of prodrugs were synthesized and characterized in pharmacokinetic studies by oral dosing in various species. Male cynomolgus monkeys (n=6) or beagle dogs (n=4) were fed a standardized diet prior to drug administration. Compounds were formulated in gelatin capsules using a long-chain lipid-based selfemulsifying drug delivery system. Levels of free ALLO in plasma were determined by LC-MS/MS. Behavioral observations (by blinded observers) of anticonvulsant activity were assessed to determine if LYT-300 could recapitulate the effects of ALLO. Experimental work using animals was under the approval and oversight of an institutional committee and veterinary staff. Male, albino CF-1 mice were used to study of the effects of orally-administered LYT-300 on anticonvulsant activity at multiple time points after LYT-300 dosing (n=4 for each time point). The 6 Hz seizure model was used to detect compounds with novel mechanisms of action and potential activity against pharmacoresistant seizures and detects effects of ALLO. Results: A series of lipid prodrugs of ALLO were synthesized and evaluated for their ability to provide systemic exposure in several species after oral administration. Plasma exposure of free allopregnanolone was observed after oral administration of lymphatic targeting prodrugs in both dogs and non-human primates. Apparent bioavailability of free allopregnanolone in the plasma from oral administration of prodrug versus IV administration of free ALLO was calculated to be over 30 percent in both species. Further studies in anesthetized rats supported the lymphatic mechanism of uptake. In these studies (n = 3), ALLO prodrug was found to be present in the mesenteric lymph following intraduodenal infusion of prodrug. In the 6Hz seizure test, orally dosed LYT-300 was confirmed to have anti-convulsant activity. Pharmacokinetic analysis of ALLO levels in the mice in the 6Hz assay showed significant, dosedependent exposure. Conclusions: LYT-300, when given orally to a range of species, provides significant release of parent compound, allopregnanolone (ALLO). In mice, oral administration of LYT-300 produced dosedependent increases in plasma exposure of ALLO and evidence of anticonvulsant efficacy. These data provide proof of concept that LYT- 300 (p.o.) can deliver the pharmacologically active compound ALLO at levels that produce ALLO-related pharmacological effects. An orallybioavailable ALLO is likely to be a major advance in therapeutics for wide-ranging neuropsychiatric disorders. A Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers is expected to begin in 2021 to characterize the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of orally administered LYT- 300. This study may include exploratory endpoints such as beta wave power electroencephalography, a marker of GABAA receptor target engagement. ER  - 
A CROSS-SECTIONAL STUDY of the NEUROPSYCHIATRIC PHENOTYPE of CACNA1C-RELATED DISORDER$$$ Purpose of Study CACNA1C encodes the alpha subunit of the L-type calcium channel Cav1.2, which is highly expressed in brain and heart. Gain of function pathogenic variants in specific regions of CACNA1C cause Timothy syndrome (TS) with cardiac long QT syndrome, facial features, and syndactyly as well as high rates of epilepsy, autism spectrum disorder, and intellectual disability. Work from our lab found Cav1.2 is involved in cell fate specification, activity-dependent signaling, and neuronal migration, but it is unclear how this cellular pathophysiology causes neuropsychiatric symptoms. A broader spectrum of CACNA1C-related disorder is now recognized that includes isolated cardiac disease, isolated neurologic deficits, and TS. We initiated a comprehensive survey of CACNA1C- related disorder to better define the neuropsychiatric and developmental phenotype and thus better inform research into the role of calcium channels in neural development. Methods Used Caregivers of and individuals with CACNA1Crelated disorder completed an IRB-approved online survey on developmental milestones, neuropsychiatric symptoms and diagnoses, and medications trialed. Summary of Results 17 participants completed the survey, including two parents with mosaicism. The mean age at diagnosis was 7 years (standard deviation 10.9y). 7 participants have TS type 1 with syndactyly and 2 participants have TS type 2 without syndactyly. The most common CACNA1C variant was c.1216G>A p.G406R in exon 8A or 8 (which causes TS1 or TS2, respectively) in 5 participants and 7 additional variants were reported. The most common neuropsychiatric symptoms were developmental delay in 88%, hypotonia in 65%, incoordination in 65%, autism spectrum disorder in 53% (autistic features in 77%), epilepsy in 35%, depression or anxiety in 12%, and schizophrenia in 6%. 4 participants tried medication for epilepsy or psychiatric symptoms. Conclusions CACNA1C-related disorder encompasses a spectrum of cardiac and neuropsychiatric symptoms. In our cohort, there was a significantly increased incidence of developmental delay, neurologic symptoms such as hypotonia, incoordination, and epilepsy, and psychiatric symptoms including autistic features and mood disorders. These findings indicate the key role of Cav1.2 in brain development and the clinical importance of screening and treating neuropsychiatric symptoms in this disorder. Future directions clinically include cohort expansion and deep phenotyping of neuropsychiatric symptoms. We are also developing 3D neural culture models of CACNA1C variants to understand the role of calcium flux in neuronal migration and cortical development. ER  - 
Higher rates of non-skeletal complications in achondroplasia compared to the general population: A UK matched cohort study using the CPRD database$$$ Objectives: Achondroplasia (ACH) is a rare, genetic skeletal dysplasia, resulting in impaired endochondral bone growth and leading to multisystem complications. We aimed to estimate rates of non-skeletal complications in ACH patients compared with general population controls. Methods: Retrospective cohort study using UK Clinical- Practice-Research-Datalink (CPRD-GOLD), identifying an ACH cohort. Study index date was defined as ACH first record between 01/01/1987-31/12/2018. ACH cases were index date matched (1:4) by age, sex, general practitioner (practice-level) and linkage ability to Hospital Episode Statistics database with control patients, defined as those without evidence of skeletal/growth disorders. Read codes defined complications of interest based on ACH literature; we calculated event rates per 100 person-year and rate ratios [RR] (95% confidence intervals, CI) to compare cohorts. Results: We identified 541 ACH cases and 2,052 matched controls: 51% female, mean age 29 years (y), range 0-94y at index date. Mean follow-up time was 14.5y for ACH cases and 19.1y for controls. The rate of complications across a range of body systems was significantly higher among ACH patients than matched controls (range RR=1.18 for cardiovascular conditions to RR=8.81 for developmental conditions) [see Table]. Complications differed by ages when compared to controls; e.g. rates of developmental issues, ENT (otitis media/tonsils) and apnoea were higher in children, cardiovascular conditions, depression and seizures in adults, and musculoskeletal pain and hearing loss significantly affected both. Conclusion: This study illustrates that ACH patients have significant non-skeletal multisystemic complications when compared to an appropriate matched general population cohort which are seen throughout the lifespan. ER  - 
Retrospective evaluation of cases diagnosed with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21 hydroxylase deficiency$$$ Introduction: Congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) is an autosomal recessive disorder. Diagnosis, monitoring of treatment, adjustment of drug doses are important for height, puberty and psychologic status of patients and their families. Materials and Methods: Patients with classical CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency who were followed regularly in pediatric endocrinology clinic between 1994 and 2019 were included in this study. Informations of admission, follow-up, control and laboratory findings were obtained from electronic file data of patients. Results: Half of the patients were female. 30% of the virilized female patients' families were informed wrongly about their babies' gender. The mean age of diagnosis was 55.8±76.8 days (5 days -10 months) in patients with SW-CAH and 3.56±2.36 years (50 days -6 years and 7 months) in patients with SV-CAH. Vomiting, inability to gain weight, suspicious genitalia were the most common complaints at admission. Half of the cases had consanguinity between their parents, 65% had a family member with CAH and 38% of cases were siblings. Clinical status was variable among siblings. 42% of patients were diagnosed with hyponatremia at neonatal period. 75% of cases were SW and 25% of cases were SV. 9 patients were diagnosed by standart dose ACTH test. 44% of patients had a good metabolic control. 44% of patients needed corrective surgery due to ambiguous genitalia. Two 46XX patients were raised as male. 23% of patients had treatment for puberty precocious with a mean duration of 3±1.7 (1-5) years and had a mean height gain of 10.5±6.6 (3-24) cm. 8 patients treated for puberty precocious reached final height. Final height-SDS values of these patients were -2.07±1.47 [(-3.95-(+0.34)]. Although hydrocortisone doses, body mass index-SDS and target height-SDS values of SW and SV were similar, final height SDS values of SW were less than SV (p=0.029). 7 patients had obesity, 8 patients had hypertension, 4 patients had insulin resistance, 3 patients had dyslipidemia, 6 patients had short stature, 6 patients had adrenal rest tumor, 5 patients had enuresis, 2 patients had massive acne, 2 patients had gynaecomastia, 1 patient had amenore, 1 patient had epilepsy due to hypoglicemic convulsion, 2 patients had ovarian cyst, 1 patient had major depression, 1 patient had psychosis (schizophrenia), 1 patient had anorexia nervosa, 1 patient had autism and 1 patient had mild mental retardation. IVS2 homozygous mutation was most frequent genetic defect. Conclusion: Close follow-up and psychological support is required for monitoring of chronic diseases like CAH. ER  - 
Dual-Target Deep Brain Stimulation for Depression Informed by Intracranial Stereo-EEG$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is investigational, with previous studies demonstrating heterogeneous results. We devised a novel personalized medicine platform for DBS therapy development focused on this essential aspect: the need to achieve an individualized understanding of the specific brain networks contributing to a patient's particular depressive phenotype and their response to stimulation. To do so, we borrowed from the field of epilepsy surgery the well-established approach of using intracranial EEG to individualize the understanding of epileptic networks. We report results from the first subject treated with DBS for TRD using this approach. The subject underwent implantation of DBS leads targeting both ventral capsule/ventral striatum (VC/VS) and sub-callosal cingulate (SCC) bilaterally, as well as 10 stereo-EEG (sEEG) electrodes targeting fronto-temporal regions putatively involved in depression-implicated networks. We then performed a series of studies using these externalized electrodes to gain an individual-specific understanding of mood-regulating brain networks and their response to stimulation. These recordings enable derivation of individually optimized stimulation parameters using a novel "inverse solution" approach: we first use this novel dual-target strategy to maximize accessibility to as much of the relevant TRD network as possible. We then use the intracranial sEEG recordings to narrow the possible stimulation parameter space and choose those parameters that engage network subregions most effectively for the individual subject. This "sEEGinformed DBS" platform enables therapeutic development with an emphasis on individualized understanding of network (patho-) physiology.We then implemented these customized DBS stimulation parameters in an outpatient trial. During the open-label phase, standard rating scales demonstrated progressive improvement in depression severity leading to remission of symptoms by week 22. The subject then entered the double-blind, randomized discontinuation phase of the trial to distinguish between true and sham response. Over this time, he reported steadily worsening mood and anxiety, and his symptom scores increased during this period until he met rescue criteria. At this point, stimulation was reinstated at pre-discontinuation levels, and his depression symptoms again quickly remitted. We envision this platform as one for DBS therapy development and optimization for challenging disorders during a critical period of knowledge acquisition. We do not use this platform primarily to find new stimulation targets, as doing so would potentially require an intracranial search in all future patients. Rather, we use the electrophysiological data to optimize identification of DBS stimulation parameters that engage pathological networks. Our results highlight the feasibility and potential value of doing so using an "inverse solution" approach. The increased invasiveness of this platform over conventional DBS is meant to be a bridge to future less invasive approaches. This successful case is a critical first demonstration of this novel strategy using direct intracranial measurements. Future work can test the success of substituting non-invasive techniques as readouts of neural activity as they become increasingly reliable. More generally speaking, an important advantage of this platform is that stimulation configurations derived from future analyses can be readily implemented as new sets of stimulation parameters to employ and test. This approach enables repeated iteration between computational analysis and clinical testing, providing a long-term testbed for the neuroscientist and continued hope for symptomatic relief for the patient. In summary, our initial results demonstrate the feasibility of this novel platform. We propose that this approach, if consistently demonstrated safe and effective, can be used to develop and improve surgical neuromodulation for a vast array of neurological and psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Anterior Nucleus of the Thalamus DBS versus Best Medical Therapy Including VNS for Pharmaco-Resistant Epilepsy: Results of the FRANCE STUDY, A Randomized, Open Label Trial$$$ Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) is an alternative treatment to treat patients with severe pharmaco- resistant epilepsy. However, there is no randomized control study assessing the effect of ANTDBS in patients who have failed medical treatment and vagus nerve stimulation. We aimed to compare the efficacy of ANT-DBS in pharmacoresistant epileptic patients who have failed VNS, to the efficacy of best medical therapy. Methods: We conducted a randomized controlled trial in 12 french expert centers for epilepsy. We recruited patients who failed medical and VNS treatment and who experienced at least 4 severe seizures (according to the Chalfont Scale) per months for 3 months during the screening period. Enrolled patients were randomised in either a neurostimulation group (DBS group) or a best medical therapy group (BMT group). VNS therapy was maintained ON in patients in whom it was not stopped at the inclusion. Patients assigned into the DBS group were stimulated bilaterally using different type of stimulation during 12 months. The primary endpoint was the difference in the mean number of severe seizures that occurred during 3 months before the randomization and that occurred during the last 3 months at 1 year follow up, as assessed by a Khi-deux test. We also assessed the side effects occuring in all patients. The trial is registered with clinical-Trials.gov NCT02076698. Results: We enrolled 67 patients and 61 were randomized, 30 in the neurostimulation group (DBS group) and 31 in the best medical therapy group (BMT group). For the DBS group, 29 received bilateral implantation of the ANT using the 3389 lead from Medtronic. 59 patients completed the final assessment at 12 months. In the DBS group, 37,93% of patients achieved 50% of reduction of all seizures versus 16.67% in the BMT group (p=0.066), and 51.72% of patients achieved 40% of severe seizure reduction, compared to 30 % in the BMT group (p=0.08). In the DBS group, the mean number of severe seizures per month was reduced by 38%, and was increased by 4 % in the BMT group. The Beck depression inventory scored was improved in 88.46% of the patients in the DBS group, versus 55.56% in the BMT group (p=0.014). 2 patients died due to SUDEP, one in each group, before having received DBS. Conclusion: the result of this randomized study shows that ANT -DBS tend to have an effect on the number of severe seizures and on the total number of seizures in a population of patients suffering from severe epilepsy and who failed medications and VNS, compared to a control group who received the best medical treatment including VNS. ER  - 
Clinical and immunological investigations in autoimmune encephalitis and its related disorders$$$ Objective: To investigate the clinical and immunological features of suspected autoimmune encephalitis (AE) and its related disorders. Methods: We reviewed the clinical information of 442 patients with suspected AE or its related disorders, who underwent neuronal surface antibodies (NS-Abs) between 2007 and 2020; 51% (226/442) of the samples were referred from 102 other hospitals in Japan. NS-Abs were determined at Dalmau's lab using rat brain immunohistochemistry (IHC) and cell-based assay (CBA). We measured NS-Abs with in-house IHC and commercial assays (EUROIMMUN fixed CBA or IHC) in the selected patients. Results: NS-Abs were identified in 23% of patients (102/442): 26% of patients with suspected AE (88/344) and 14% of those with its related disorders (14/98). The NS antigens included NMDAR (60, 7 with MOG), LGI1 (10), GlyR (10), GABAaR (8), GABAbR (4), AMPAR (4), Caspr2 (1), and unknown (9). 52 (87%) patients with NMDAR-Abs presented with typical anti-NMDAR encephalitis, but the remaining 8 showed post-herpes simplex encephalitis (3), isolated psychosis (3) or epilepsy (2). GlyR-Abs were identified in 25% of patients with stiff-person spectrum disorder (SPSD)(10/40). In-house IHC confirmed a reactivity with antigens expressed in neuropil of rat hippocampus or cerebellum; the immunolabeling pattern was different depending on antigens but was similar between in-house IHC and commercial IHC when the antibody titers are high. Conclusion: One-fourth of the patients with suspected AE or SPSD had NS-Abs. Both IHC may be useful for early identification of NS-Abs. ER  - 
DEPRESSION AND QUALITY OF LIFE IN PATIENTS WITH EPILEPSY - SINGLE CENTRE EXPERIENCE$$$ Background: Patients with epilepsy commonly report depressive symptoms. The main aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between epilepsy, antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and depression. We also wanted to evaluate possible association between depressive symptofigms in patients with epilepsy with the quality of life (QoL). Material and methods: This was a prospective cross-sectional study carried out at the tertiary teaching hospital (University Hospital Centre Zagreb, Croatia) with Ethics committee approval. Questionnaires evaluating depressive symptoms and QoL were administered to consecutive patients treated in the Referral Centre of the Ministry of Health of the Republic of Croatia for Epilepsy. Depressive symptoms were evaluated using Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D17). Quality of life was assessed using Quality of life in epilepsy-31 inventory (QOLIE-31) Results: 108 patients (63% women, 37% men; mean age 39.54±15.91 years, range 18-80 years) with epilepsy were included. 14.8% of patients had focal, 35.2% generalised and 40.7% both types of epilepsy. Majority of patients (65.74%) were on two and more AEDs and quarter was on monotherapy (25%); 42% were on newer, 19% on older and 39% on both AEDs. Mean total score on HAM-D17 was 9.94±8.18 (men - mean total score 10.16±8.85, women - mean total score 9.81±7.84). There were no significant differences on HAM-D17 regarding gender and age. We didn't find statistically significant differences regarding AEDs (older vs. newer AEDs, or both types AEDs) and results on HAM-D17, nor between the type of epilepsy and results on HAM-D17. We found strong negative correlation between the higher QoL and HAM-D17 (p=0.000). Conclusions: Results of this study evaluating depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy demonstrate that our patients mainly experience mild depressive symptoms, with no significant differences on HAM-D17 regarding gender and age. Patients with epilepsy with less pronounced depressive symptoms were found to have higher QoL. We did not find statistically significant differences regarding the type of epilepsy and results on HAM-D17, nor between the AEDs (older vs. newer AEDs, or both types AEDs) and results on HAM-D17. ER  - 
PREVALANCE AND ASSOCIATION OF PSYCHOGENIC NON EPILEPTIC SEIZURE AND SEMIOLOGY ASSOCIATION WITH PSYCHIATRIC DISORDERS IN A SUB URBAN POPULATION IN SOUTH INDIA$$$ Background and Aims: Psychogenic non epileptic seizures (PNES) or pseudo seizures are Functional Neurological Disorders where there are episodes of paroxysmal events with alteration of behaviour and consciousness due to psychological origin. We did a study to assess the association of psychiatric disorders and personality clusters with the semiology of PNES or pseudo seizures and the precipitating stimuli leading to the event. Methods: We did a cross sectional observational study in a cohort of 51 patients with seizures for a duration of 6 months. Out of 51, 20 cases were diagnosed as PNES or pseudo seizures. Psychiatric assessment was done to assess precipitating stimuli and associated psychiatric illness. The association of the individual semiology was assessed with personality disorder and psychiatric illness. Results: In our study cohort, 39% cases of seizures were PNES or pseudo seizures. There was no significant association of the semiology of seizures with the psychiatry disorders and the precipitating stimuli. Conclusions: Our study conveys that PNES is seen in patients with psychiatric illness and precipitating stimuli, suggesting that psychosocial counselling and cognitive behavioral therapy is the most effective way to treat PNES. ER  - 
Evaluation of the factors that may contribute to the responsiveness of anti-epileptic treatments in pediatric patients, a study from Jordan$$$ BACKGROUND: Epilepsy is a common and debilitating neurological disorder. Disease prognosis depends on the quality of patient life with regard to its cognitive, behavioral, and social aspects and is not restricted to the frequency or severity of epileptic seizures. AIMS: To recognize the seizure types in a Jordanian Arab population with pediatric epilepsy and to explore the clinical and medication-related factors that may affect the responsiveness and satisfaction with the treatments. METHODS: A total of 300 pediatric patients (age range: 1-month to 14-years) with epilepsy were recruited. The patients were categorized into two groups, focal onset and generalized onset epilepsy. RESULTS: The majority of patients (195) suffered from idiopathic epilepsy, and the majority were using only one medication, with valproic acid being the most frequently used. There was significant association between patient gender and the incidence of psychotic thoughts (P-value = 0.019), and between seizure type and the history of febrile seizures (P-value = 0.02). However, the numbers of psychotic patients (n = 13) and patients with history of febrile seizures (n = 25) were relatively small. Moreover, the number of medications used to control the seizures was significantly associated with the age of onset, type of epilepsy syndrome, and patients' response to the first trialed medication, with P-values of 0.006, 0.001, and 0.0001, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study comprehensively analyzed the clinical and demographic characteristics that affect therapeutic response of Jordanian-Arab epileptic and pediatric patients. Our results contribute to the understanding and improvement of current diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in epilepsy. ER  - 
Long-term effects of deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease under local or general anesthesia$$$ Objective: To compare the efficacy of local anesthesia and general anesthesia of subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation (STN-DBS) for Parkinson's disease (PD). Methods: Forty PD patients who underwent bilateral STN-DBS from January 2015 to January 2018 were retrospectively analyzed. Twenty-two patients underwent local anesthesia and 18 patients underwent general anesthesia. Pre- and post-operative Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale-III (UPDRS-III), Hoehn-Yahr, Activities of Daily Living (ADL), Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAIS), Wechsler Memory Scale (WMS), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD)-17 and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAMA)-14 were used to assess the motor symptoms, daily living function, cognitive function, memory, anxiety and depression. Results: The target deviation of the second electrode in general anesthesia group was lower than that in local anesthesia group[(0.98±0.39) mm vs. (1.21±0.35) mm; t=-2.041, P=0.048], the target deviation of the first electrode was not statistically significant[(0.96±0.29) mm vs. (1.01±0.35) mm; t=-0.496, P=0.623]. At 6, 12, and 24 months after surgery, the "on" and "off" UPDRS-III scores (P=0.001, for all) and Hoehn-Yahr (P=0.001, for all) in the general anesthesia group and the local anesthesia group were all significantly decreased compared with baseline, ADL score significanly increased (P=0.001, for all). There were no significant differences in "on" and "off" UPDRS-III, Hoehn-Yahr, ADL, WAIS and WMS scores between 2 groups (P>0.05, for all). One day after surgery, the HAMA-14 in the local anesthesia group was higher than baseline (P=0.027), in the general anesthesia group, HAMD-17 (P=0.008) and HAMA-14 (P=0.001) scores were lower than 1 d before surgery. The HAMD-17 (P=0.001, for all) and HAMA-14 (P=0.001, for all) of 2 groups at 6, 12 and 24 months after surgery were all lower than baseline, 1 d before and 1 d after surgery. HAMD-17 score in the general anesthesia group was lower than the local anesthesia group (P=0.048). Conclusions: Both general anesthesia and local anesthesia STN-DBS can significantly improve PD motor symptoms and quality of life, as well as relieve the depression and anxiety symptoms, without affecting cognitive function and memory. Attention should be paid to mood fluctuations in using different anesthesia during the perioperative period. Choice of anesthesia method should be based on the patient's condition and indications. ER  - 
Elevated Blood-Based Brain Biomarker Levels in Patients with Epileptic Seizures: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Recently, growing attention has been paid to the changes of brain biomarkers following the epilepsy. However, establishing specific epilepsy-related biomarkers has been impeded due to contradictory findings. This study systematically reviewed the evidence on brain biomarkers in epilepsy and determined reliable biomarkers in epileptic patients. A comprehensive systematic search of online databases was performed to find eligible studies up to August 2019. The quality of studies methodologically was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale score. Among the several biomarkers, S100 calcium binding protein B (S100B) and neuron specific enolase (NSE) have been qualified for meta-analysis of the association between epilepsy and the brain biomarkers. Inverse-variance weights method was used to calculate pooled standardized mean difference (SMD) estimate with 95% CI, and random effects meta-analysis was conducted taking into account conceptual heterogeneity. Sensitivity analysis and publication bias assessment was performed using Stata. Of 29 studies that were qualified for further analysis, only 22 studies were eligible to quantify by meta-analysis. Significant increase of serum S100B levels (SMD = 0.80; 95% CI 0.18 to 1.42) but not NSE (SMD = 0.45; 95% CI -0.09 to 1.00) has been found in epileptic patients compared with healthy controls. Subgroup meta-analysis by age demonstrated that S100B could be found in pediatric (SMD = 1.15; 95% CI 0.03 to 2.27) not adult patients (SMD = 0.43; 95% CI -0.12 to 0.98). Findings of this meta-analysis indicate that serum level of S100B is significantly increased in epileptic patients, suggesting the elevation and release of the brain biomarkers from brain to blood following epileptic seizures. ER  - 
Side of Lesions Predicts Surgical Outcomes in Patients With Drug-Resistant Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Secondary to Focal Cortical Dysplasia Type IIIa$$$ Objective: This study aims to evaluate the surgical outcomes and analyze the predictors of surgical outcomes in patients undergoing anterior temporal lobectomy (ATL) for drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) secondary to focal cortical dysplasia (FCD) type IIIa. Methods: Data on patients with drug-resistant TLE secondary to FCD type IIIa who had undergone ATL at Xiangya Hospital, Central South University from January 2014 to April 2018, were collected retrospectively. International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) classification was used to evaluate postoperative seizure outcomes. Predictors of surgical outcomes were identified by using univariate and multivariate analyses. Results: A total of 43 patients with drug-resistant TLE secondary to FCD type IIIa who had undergone ATL were included in this study. Twenty patients had right ATL, and 23 patients had left ATL. With a follow-up of 2–6 years, 76.7% (33 of 43) of patients were seizure-free. Univariate and multivariate analysis results indicated that lesions on the right side independently predict postoperative seizure freedom (OR, 0.08; 95% CI, 0.01–0.72; P = 0.024). Conclusion: ATL is an effective therapy for patients with drug-resistant TLE secondary to FCD type IIIa. Patients with lesions on the right side are more likely to achieve postoperative seizure freedom. ER  - 
The Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Anxiety in Patients With Moderate to Severe Traumatic Brain Injury: A Post-hoc Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is one of the leading causes of neuropsychiatric disorders in young adults. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to improve psychiatric symptoms in other neurologic disorders, such as focal epilepsy, Parkinson's disease, and fibromyalgia. However, the efficacy of rTMS as a treatment for anxiety in persons with TBI has never been investigated. This exploratory post-hoc analyzes the effects of rTMS on anxiety, depression and executive function in participants with moderate to severe chronic TBI. Methods: Thirty-six participants with moderate to severe TBI and anxiety symptoms were randomly assigned to an active or sham rTMS condition in a 1:1 ratio. A 10-session protocol was used with 10-Hz rTMS stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for 20 min each session, a total of 2,000 pulses were applied at each daily session (40 stimuli/train, 50 trains). Anxiety symptoms; depression and executive function were analyzed at baseline, after the last rTMS session, and 90 days post intervention. Results: Twenty-seven participants completed the entire protocol and were included in the post-hoc analysis. Statistical analysis showed no interaction of group and time (p > 0.05) on anxiety scores. Both groups improved depressive and executive functions over time, without time and group interaction (ps < 0.05). No adverse effects were reported in either intervention group. Conclusion: rTMS did not improve anxiety symptoms following high frequency rTMS in persons with moderate to severe TBI. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT02167971. ER  - 
The effect of “creating opportunities for parent empowerment” program on parents of children with epilepsy and other chronic neurological conditions$$$ Objectives Parents taking care of children with epilepsy experience stress in their daily lives, which enhances their anxiety, changes their function, and eventually increases their children’s behavioral problems. The present study aimed at investigating the effect of creating opportunities for parent empowerment (COPE) program on parents of children with epilepsy or other chronic neurological conditions. Material & Methods A quasi-experimental clinical trial was conducted on 88 mothers of hospitalized children with epilepsy aged 3 to 12 years. In the intervention group, the COPE program was conducted by the researcher in three phases and the usual care group received usual healthcare. The mothers’ anxiety was assessed in three phases in both groups. Results Results of the present study showed that the effect of time and group-time interaction on the state anxiety and trait anxiety was significant in the intervention group; however, the effect of time was not significant in the usual care group (P = 0.12). The differences of state anxiety and trait anxiety were not significant between the two groups (P = 0.136), which depended on the baseline level of anxiety. By analyzing the covariance after controlling the two variables at baseline, it was observed that the score variations in the state anxiety and trait anxiety were significant at all studied time points. Conclusions The results of the current study indicated the positive effect of the COPE program on the anxiety of parents of children with epilepsy. Since this technique is non-pharmacological, convenient, easy-to-apply, and cost-effective, it can be used to reduce the parents’ anxiety. ER  - 
Utility of seizure pattern and related clinical features in the diagnosis of neurometabolic disorders$$$ Objectives The current study aimed at identifying the role of seizure types and related clinical features in differentiation between neurometabolic disorders and other causes of seizure. Materials & Methods The current cross sectional study was conducted at two referral children hospitals in Tehran, Iran, from 2011 to 2018. The study population included 120 patients presenting with seizure due to neurometabolic disorders and 120 cases due to other causes. The types of seizure and related clinical findings were assessed in both groups. Results There was a significant difference in the frequency of seizure types in the two groups. Tonic and myoclonic seizures as well as infantile spasm were observed more commonly in the patients with neurometabolic disorders, while atonic, partial and generalized tonic-clonic seizures were more common in the control group. In addition, frequency of refractory seizure, age at onset of seizure, and pattern of involvement in brain imaging were helpful for seizure differentiation. Conclusion The pattern of seizure and related findings varied in patients with metabolic disorders, and was helpful for seizure differentiation. Thus, these factors can contribute to early diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Phase II Multicenter, Open-Label Study of Oral ENMD-2076 for the Treatment of Patients with Advanced Fibrolamellar Carcinoma$$$ Lessons Learned: The fibrolamellar carcinoma-associated DNAJB1-PRKACA gene fusion transcript RNA codes for the catalytic domain of protein kinase A and, thus, overexpression of Aurora kinase A. ENMD-2076 showed a favorable toxicity profile. The limited results, one patient (3%) with a partial response and 57% of patients with stable disease, do not support further evaluation of ENMD-2076 as single agent. Future studies will depend on the simultaneous targeting approach of DNAJB1-PRKACA and the critical downstream components. Background: Fibrolamellar carcinoma (FLC) represents approximately 0.85% of liver cancers. The associated DNAJB1-PRKACA gene fusion transcript RNA codes for the catalytic domain of protein kinase A and overexpression of Aurora kinase A (AURKA). ENMD-2076 is a selective anti-AURKA inhibitor. Methods: Patients aged >12 years with pathologically confirmed incurable FLC, with measurable disease, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0–2 or Lansky 70–100, and adequate organ function were eligible. Patients were prescribed ENMD-2076 based on body surface area. The primary endpoint was overall objective response rate by RECIST v1.1, with a null hypothesis of true response rate of 2% versus one-sided alternative of 15%. Secondary endpoints included 6-month progression-free survival (PFS) rate (Fig. 1), median PFS, time to progression (TTP), and overall survival (OS). Safety was evaluated throughout the study. Results: Of 35 patients who enrolled and received treatment, 1 (3%) had a partial response (PR) and 20 (57%) had stable disease (SD). Median TTP, PFS, and OS were 5, 3.9, and 19 months, respectively. The most frequently reported drug-related serious adverse event was hypertension in three patients. Three deaths were reported on-study—two due to disease progression and one due to pulmonary embolism not related to ENMD-2076. Conclusion: The study provided no rationale for further studying ENMD-2076 as a single agent in FLC. ER  - 
Prevalence, Comorbidity and Predictor of Separation Anxiety Disorder in Children and Adolescents$$$ Separation Anxiety Disorder(SAD) is one of the earliest anxiety disorders. The effect of this disorder on the performance of children and adolescents reveals the need for awareness of the prevalence and comorbidity of this disorder in each region. This study is a cross-sectional analytical study implemented in all provinces of Iran. The instrument used in this study is the Persian version of the Kiddie Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia-Present and Lifetime Version(K-SADA-PL) questionnaire. The total number of participants was 29,699. The overall prevalence of SAD was 5.3%. The comorbidity rate of 65.3% was found between SAD and other psychiatric disorders. Specific phobia and oppositional defiant disorder had the highest comorbidity with this disorder in the studied population. The more prevalence of separation anxiety disorder in the age range of 6–9 years old highlights the need for early detection of this disorder and targeting screening programs in childhood and adolescence. ER  - 
Double-blinded randomized pilot clinical trial comparing cognitive side effects of standard ultra-brief right unilateral ect to 0.5 a low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st)$$$ Background: Concerns over cognitive side effects (CSE) of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) still limit its broader usage for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). The objectives of this study were to (1) examine the CSE of Low Amplitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST) at 0.5 A compared to Ultra-brief Right Unilateral (UB-RUL) ECT using Time to Reorientation (TRO) as the main acute primary outcome, and (2) to compare effects on depressive symptoms between the two treatment groups. Methods: Participants were referred for ECT, consented for the study, and were randomized to a course of LAP-ST or standard UB-RUL ECT. TRO and depression were measured by the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Results: Eleven patients consented. Of these, eight with a current major depressive episode (MDE) of unipolar or bipolar disorders were randomized. TRO was faster for the LAP-ST (mean = 6.8 min; SE = 4.9) than standard RUL ECT (mean = 15.5 min; SE = 6.5). Depression improved similarly in the two arms of the study from baseline (MADRS: LAP-ST = 41.0; SE = 2.0, RUL = 39.0; SE = 3.8) to endpoint (MADRS score: LAP-ST = 8.0; SE7.2, RUL = 9.5; SE = 3.8). Conclusions: This pilot, randomized and blinded clinical trial, suggests that the LAP-ST (at 0.5 A) has faster reorientation and possibly lower CSE compared to standard RUL-UB ECT. Caution is advised in interpreting these results due to the small sample size of this pilot study. Thus, future studies with similar design are warranted for replicating these findings. ER  - 
Copper concentrations in ketamine therapy for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Changes in serum copper concentration are observed in patients with depressive symptoms. Unmet needs in contemporary antidepressant treatment have increased interest in non-monoaminergic antidepressants, such as ketamine, an anaesthetic drug that has demonstrated a rapid antidepressant effect in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). The purpose of this study was to examine whether serum copper concentrations change during ketamine treatment and whether there is an association between the copper concentrations and treatment response measured using psychometric scale scores. Moreover, the interlink between somatic comorbidities and copper concentration was studied. Patients with major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder were rated weekly by a clinician using the Montgomery–Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS). Copper level assessments were carried out weekly before the start of ketamine treatment and then after every second infusion and one week after the last ketamine infusion. The serum concentration of copper before ketamine treatment was significantly higher than that after the fifth infusion (p = 0.016), and the serum concentration after the treatment was significantly higher than that after the fifth infusion (p = 0.048). No significant correlations between changes in the copper serum concentrations and MADRS or YMRS were found. The serum copper level was not associated with somatic comorbidities during the course of treatment. This study provides data on the role of copper in short-term intravenous ketamine treatment in TRD, although no clear evidence of a connection between the copper level and treatment response was found. ER  - 
Eslicarbazepine acetate in post-stroke epilepsy: Clinical practice evidence from Euro-Esli$$$ Objectives: To assess the effectiveness and safety/tolerability of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) in patients included in the Euro-Esli study who had focal seizures associated with post-stroke epilepsy (PSE). Materials and Methods: Euro-Esli was a pooled analysis of 14 European clinical practice studies. Effectiveness assessments (evaluated after 3, 6 and 12 months of ESL treatment and at final follow-up [“last visit”]) included rates of response (≥50% seizure frequency reduction), seizure freedom (no seizures since at least the prior visit) and retention. Safety/tolerability was assessed throughout ESL treatment by evaluating adverse events (AEs) and discontinuation due to AEs. A post hoc analysis was conducted of patients with PSE versus patients without PSE (“non-PSE”). Results: Of 1656 patients included in the analysis, 76 (4.6%) had PSE and 1580 (95.4%) had non-PSE. Compared with non-PSE patients, PSE patients were significantly older, had significantly shorter epilepsy duration, significantly lower total baseline seizure frequency, and were treated with significantly fewer prior and concomitant antiepileptic drugs (P <.001 for all). At the last visit, the responder rate was significantly higher in PSE versus non-PSE patients (72.9% vs 60.6%; P =.040), as was the seizure freedom rate (48.6% vs 31.7%; P =.003). After 12 months, retention was significantly higher in PSE versus non-PSE patients (87.8% vs 77.4%; P =.035). The incidence of AEs was similar for PSE versus non-PSE patients (36.0% vs 35.8%; P =.966). Conclusions: These findings suggest that ESL may be an effective and well-tolerated treatment option for patients with focal seizures due to PSE. ER  - 
Proposal of a Functional Impairment Symptom Scale for Concussion$$$ Clinicians currently administer patient-reported symptom scales to quantify and track concussion symptoms. These scales are based on subjective ratings without reference to the degree of functional impairment caused by the symptoms. Our objective was to develop a concussion symptom scale based on functional impairment and compare it to a widely used concussion symptom checklist. We conducted a retrospective chart review evaluating 133 patients age 9-22 with an acute concussion who completed 2 symptom checklists at their initial visit—the Sport Concussion Assessment Tool (SCAT-3) symptom evaluation (22 symptoms, 0-6 scale) and the proposed Functional Impairment Scale (22 symptoms, 0-3 scale related to degree of functional impairment). Mean total symptom score was 27.2±22.9 for Sport Concussion Assessment Tool–3 and 14.7±11.9 for the Functional Impairment Scale. Pearson correlation between the scales was 0.98 (P <.001). Mean time from concussion to first visit was 6.9±6.2 days, and median clearance time after injury was 19 (95% CI 16-21) days. After adjusting for patient and injury characteristics, an increased score on each scale was associated with longer time to clearance (5-point increase in Sport Concussion Assessment Tool–3 hazard ratio 0.885, 95% CI 0.835-0.938, P <.001; 2.5-point increase in Functional Impairment Scale hazard ratio 0.851, 95% CI 0.802-0.902, P <.001). We propose a concussion symptom scale based on functional impairment that correlates strongly with the Sport Concussion Assessment Tool–3 scale, demonstrates a similar association with time to clearance, and may provide a more intuitive approach to monitoring how symptoms are affecting patients recovering from concussion. Future research should aim to validate this scale through a prospective longitudinal study. ER  - 
Tiagabine-related status epilepticus: a case report and systematic literature review$$$ Tiagabine-related status epilepticus (SE) is an uncommon complication of tiagabine use. We aimed to detail the features and outcomes in a patient with tiagabine poisoning and review the relevant literature. We describe a case of tiagabine-related SE and literature review based on a 1995–2019 PubMed search. We report the case of a 30-year-old man with super-refractory SE after tiagabine poisoning. He fully recovered after 72 h of general anesthesia and was discharged from the ICU on day 16. A literature review showed distinct features among patients with tiagabine-related SE. Tiagabine side effects were characterized by non-convulsive SE after a slight increase in tiagabine dose and a rapid favorable evolution after benzodiazepine and early tiagabine withdrawal. Generalized convulsive SE was a complication of voluntary or involuntary tiagabine poisoning and was particularly refractory. Both presentations are characterized by a return to baseline after prompt and adequate management. Tiagabine-related SE electroclinical features vary according to the underlying pathophysiological mechanism and can be life threatening. Recovery is the rule after tiagabine withdrawal and SE management with progressive therapeutic escalation guided by response to prior anticonvulsant treatments. ER  - 
Epilepsy in time of COVID-19: A survey-based study$$$ Objectives: Collateral damage may occur in epilepsy management during the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. We aimed to establish the impact of this pandemic on epilepsy patients in terms of patient-reported seizure control and emerging symptoms. Materials & Methods: This is a cross-sectional study including consecutive patients assessed by telephone contact in an epilepsy clinic during the first month of confinement. Demographic and clinical characteristics were recorded, and a 19-item questionnaire was systematically completed. Data regarding the impact of confinement, economic effects of the pandemic, and subjective perception of telemedicine were recorded. Additional clinical data were obtained in patients with a COVID-19 diagnosis. Results: Two hundred and fifty-five patients were recruited: mean age 48.2 ± 19.8 years, 121 (47.5%) women. An increase in seizure frequency was reported by 25 (9.8%) patients. Sixty-eight (26.7%) patients reported confinement-related anxiety, 22 (8.6%) depression, 31 (12.2%) both, and 72 (28.2%) insomnia. Seventy-three (28.6%) patients reported a reduction in economic income. Logistic regression analysis showed that tumor-related epilepsy etiology [OR = 7.36 (95% CI 2.17-24.96)], drug-resistant epilepsy [OR = 3.44 (95% CI 1.19-9.95)], insomnia [OR = 3.25 (95% CI 1.18-8.96)], fear of epilepsy [OR = 3.26 (95% CI 1.09-9.74)], and income reduction [OR = 3.65 (95% CI 1.21-10.95)] were associated with a higher risk of increased seizure frequency. Telemedicine was considered satisfactory by 214 (83.9%) patients. Five patients were diagnosed with COVID-19, with no changes in seizure frequency. Conclusions: The COVID-19 pandemic has effects in epilepsy patients. Patients with tumor-related, drug-resistant epilepsy, insomnia, and economic difficulties are at a higher risk of increased seizure frequency. Telemedicine represents a suitable tool in this setting. ER  - 
Impact of Early Initiation of Eslicarbazepine Acetate on Economic Outcomes Among Patients with Focal Seizure: Results from Retrospective Database Analyses$$$ Introduction: This study assessed the association between early initiation of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) as first-line therapy (1L cohort) or as first adjunctive regimen to either levetiracetam (LEV) or lamotrigine (LTG) (add-on cohort), and healthcare resource utilization (HCRU) and charges among adults with treated focal seizures (FS). Methods: This retrospective, longitudinal cohort analysis used Symphony Health’s Integrated Dataverse (IDV®) claims data to identify patients aged ≥ 18 years with a diagnosis of FS who had a new prescription for ESL between April 2015 and June 2018. Baseline was the 90-day period immediately prior to the date of the first-dispensed claim for ESL (index date) with a follow-up of 1–4 consecutive 90-day periods. Linear regression models were estimated to assess changes in HCRU and charge outcomes. Results: There were 274 and 153 patients who received ESL in the 1L cohort and add-on cohort, respectively. The 1L cohort experienced significant reductions from baseline during follow-up in all-cause inpatient (IP; P < 0.0001), emergency room (ER; P < 0.0001), and outpatient (OP; P < 0.0001) visits; FS-related IP (P = 0.006) and OP (P < 0.0001) visits; total, medical, all-cause ER and OP, and FS-related medical charges (P < 0.05); and significant increases in total prescription and anti-seizure drug (ASD)-related prescription (P < 0.001) charges. The add-on cohort experienced significant reductions in all-cause IP (P = 0.009) and all-cause and FS-related OP visits (P < 0.0001 for both) and significant increases in total prescription and ASD-related prescription (P < 0.001) charges during the follow-up period. In both cohorts, the increases in prescription charges were smaller than the reduction in total medical charges. Conclusion: Early initiation of ESL as 1L or add-on therapy was associated with statistically significant reductions in all-cause IP and all-cause and FS-related OP visits during follow-up compared to baseline. The 1L cohort also had statistically significant reductions in all-cause ER visits, FS-related IP visits, and total, medical, all-cause ER and OP, and FS-related medical charges. Plain Language Summary: Knowledge of healthcare resource utilization (HCRU) and costs of care in patients taking anti-seizure drugs (ASDs) is required to inform prescribing and formulary decision-making. Levetiracetam (LEV) and lamotrigine (LTG) are the most widely used first-line (1L) ASDs in the USA. Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL), a third-generation ASD with sodium channel-modulating activity, is typically used in later lines of therapy. Sodium channel-blocking anti-seizure drugs may represent an effective treatment option for patients with epilepsy in the 1L setting. This study assessed the association between early initiation of ESL as 1L therapy (1L cohort) or as first adjunctive therapy to either LEV or LTG (add-on cohort), and HCRU and charges among adults with treated focal seizures (FS). The results showed that following ESL initiation the 1L cohort experienced significant reductions in all-cause inpatient (IP), emergency room (ER), and outpatient (OP) visits; FS-related IP and OP visits; and total, medical, all-cause ER and OP, and FS-related medical charges, and significant increases in total prescription and ASD-related prescription charges. The add-on cohort showed significant reductions in all-cause IP and all-cause and FS-related OP visits and significant increases in total prescription and ASD-related prescription charges. In both cohorts, the increases in prescription charges were smaller than the reduction in total medical charges. These data imply that use of ESL as 1L therapy in adult patients with FS could help conserve scarce healthcare resources and reduce the burden on healthcare budgets. These findings may inform selection of ASD therapy in this patient population. ER  - 
Predictors of high school dropout, anxiety, and depression in genetic generalized epilepsy$$$ Affective disorders are overrepresented in epilepsy, and people with epilepsy may be at risk of dropping out from school. The aim of the present study was to assess factors influencing high school dropout, anxiety, and depression in genetic generalized epilepsy (GGE). One hundred and ten people with GGE aged 19-40 years underwent a clinical interview, including the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) questionnaire. Potential predictors of high school dropout were analyzed with logistic regression, and factors influencing total HADS score were analyzed with linear regression. Having felt excluded because of epilepsy was significantly associated with high school dropout (odds ratio 7.80, P =.009), as was total HADS score (odds ratio 1.22, P =.005). If a participant was currently employed or undergoing education, previous high school dropout was less likely (odds ratio 0.07, P =.005). High school dropout was associated with increased current anxiety and depression (β = 0.32, P =.005). Epilepsy severity (current drug resistance, current polytherapy, and active generalized tonic-clonic seizures) was not associated with high school dropout, nor with total HADS score. The issue of stigma in epilepsy must be thoroughly addressed in comprehensive care and may be as important as seizure control when it comes to education and quality of life. ER  - 
Major central nervous system complications after allogeneic stem cell transplantation: A large retrospective study on 888 consecutive adult patients$$$ Objectives: Major complications affecting the central nervous system (CNS) present a challenge after allogeneic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). Methods: Incidence, risk factors, and outcome were retrospectively analyzed in 888 patients in a monocentric study. Results: Cumulative incidence (CI) of major CNS complications at 1 year was 14.8% (95%CI 12.3%-17.2%). Median follow-up is 11 months. CNS complications were documented in 132 patients: in 36 cases, classified metabolic; 26, drug-related neurotoxicity (14 attributed to cyclosporine A, 4 to antilymphocyte globulin); 11, cerebrovascular (ischemic n = 8, bleeding n = 3); 9, infections; 9, psychiatric; and 9, malignant. The cause of CNS symptoms remained unclear for 37 patients (28%). Multivariate analysis demonstrated an association of CNS complication with patient age (P <.001). The estimated OS of patients with any CNS complication was significantly lower than in patients without neurological complications (P <.001), and the CI of non-relapse mortality (NRM) was higher for patients with CNS complication (P <.001). A significant negative impact on survival can only be demonstrated for metabolic CNS complications and CNS infections (NRM, P <.0001 and P =.0003, respectively), and relapse (P <.0001). Conclusion: CNS complications after allo-SCT are frequent events with a major contribution to morbidity and mortality. In particular, the situations of unclear neurological complications need to be clarified by intensive research. ER  - 
Systemic lupus Erythematosus activity and Hydroxychloroquine use before and after end-stage renal disease$$$ Background: SLE manifestations after ESRD may be underdiagnosed and undertreated, contributing to increased morbidity and mortality. Whether specific symptoms persist after ESRD or a shift towards new manifestations occurs has not been extensively studied, especially in the non-Caucasian patients in the United States. In addition, hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) prescribing patterns post-ESRD have not been described. The objective of this study was to assess lupus activity and HCQ prescribing before and after ESRD development. Knowledge gained from this study may aid in the identification of SLE manifestations and improve medication management post-ESRD. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of SLE patients with incident ESRD between 2010 and 2017. SLE-related symptoms, serologic markers of disease activity, and medication use were collected from medical records before and after ESRD development. Results: Fifty-nine patients were included in the study. Twenty-five (43%) patients had at least one clinical (non-renal) SLE manifestation documented within 12 months before ESRD. Of them, 11/25 (44%) continued to experience lupus symptoms post-ESRD; 9 patients without clinical or serological activity pre-ESRD developed new symptoms of active SLE. At the last documented visit post-ESRD, 42/59 (71%) patients had one or more clinical or serological markers of lupus activity; only 17/59 (29%) patients achieved clinical and serological remission. Thirty-three of 59 (56%) patients had an active HCQ prescription at the time of ESRD. Twenty-six of the 42 (62%) patients with active SLE manifestations post-ESRD were on HCQ. Patients who continued HCQ post-ESRD were more likely to be followed by a rheumatologist (26 [87%] vs 17 [61%], p = 0.024), had a higher frequency of documented arthritis (10 [32%] vs 1 [4%], p = 0.005), CNS manifestations (6 [20%] vs 1 [4%], p = 0.055), and concurrent immunosuppressive medication use (22 [71%] vs 12 [43%], p = 0.029). Conclusions: Lupus activity may persist after the development of ESRD. New onset arthritis, lupus-related rash, CNS manifestations, low complement and elevated anti-dsDNA may develop. HCQ may be underutilized in patients with evidence of active disease pre- and post ESRD. Careful clinical and serological monitoring for signs of active disease and frequent rheumatology follow up is advised in SLE patients both, pre and post-ESRD. ER  - 
Testing an early online intervention for the treatment of disturbed sleep during the COVID-19 pandemic (Sleep COVID-19): structured summary of a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Objectives: The primary aim of the present study is to examine the efficacy of an online intervention for poor sleep in the context of an ongoing stressful major life event, by assessing if this intervention can reduce insomnia severity at short-term (one week post-intervention) and long-term (one and three months post-intervention) follow-up time points. It is hypothesised that the intervention will: 1) reduce insomnia severity in poor sleepers, compared to wait-list control poor sleepers, and good sleepers; 2) reduce subjective symptoms of anxiety and depression in all groups, and 3) prevent the transition to acute insomnia in good sleepers. Trial design: This study is a cluster randomised controlled trial. Participants: Both healthy good sleepers, who do not report having any current sleep problems, and individuals who report having sleep problems, will be recruited for the present study. This is a single-site study (Northumbria University). This study will be delivered using the internet and there are no geographic restrictions. Individuals who self-report as poor sleepers will meet DSM-5 criteria for acute insomnia, which is where individuals: 1) have difficulties in falling asleep, staying asleep, or awakening too early for at least three nights per week, for a time period of between two weeks and three months; and 2) report experiencing distress or impairment caused by sleep loss. Both 1) and 2) must have occurred despite the individual having had an adequate opportunity for sleep during this time period. Good sleepers will be individuals who do not have current sleep problems. All participants must have a sufficient level of English comprehension to understand and complete study measures. Individuals cannot participate if they report having chronic sleep problems (where they have existed for more than three months immediately prior to providing consent), nor will individuals who are actively seeking treatment for their sleep problems irrespective of how long they have had the sleep problem. Individuals also cannot participate if they have a self-reported history of head injuries, or if they have a self-reported diagnosis of schizophrenia, epilepsy or personality disorder, as the distraction techniques involved in the insomnia intervention may increase rumination in individuals with these conditions, and influence the effectiveness of the intervention. Intervention and comparator: Participants who receive the intervention will be provided with an online version of a self-help leaflet. A printed version of this leaflet has been successfully used in previous treatment studies, which have been conducted by our research group. Participants will be encouraged to download, save or print out this leaflet, which will be provided in PDF format. There will be no restrictions on use and participants will be encouraged to refer to this leaflet as often as they wish to. Briefly, this self-help leaflet aims to improve sleep by identifying and addressing sleep-related dysfunctional thinking by providing education about sleep, providing techniques to distract from intrusive worrisome thoughts at night, and providing guidelines for sleep-related stimulus control. The comparator is a wait-list control (i.e. where they will receive the intervention after a one month delay) group. Main outcomes: The primary outcome measure will be insomnia severity, as measured using the Insomnia Severity Index (Bastien, Vallières, & Morin, 2001), assessed immediately prior to the intervention and at one week, one month and three months post-intervention, compared to baseline. Secondary outcome measures will include subjective mood, measured using the 7-item Generalised Anxiety Disorder Questionnaire (GAD-7; Spitzer, Kroenke, Williams, & Lowe, 2006)) and 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9; Kroenke, Spitzer, & Williams, 2001), assessed immediately prior to the intervention, and one week, one month and three months post-intervention, compared to baseline. Additionally, subjective sleep continuity, derived from sleep diaries (Carney et al., 2012), will be compared pre and post-intervention. Randomisation: This study will operate as a cluster randomised controlled trial. Good sleepers will be randomised into an intervention or a no-intervention group, with a 1:1 allocation. Poor sleepers will be randomised into an intervention or wait-list control group, with a 1:1 allocation. Randomisation will be conducted automatically using Qualtrics study software, where block sizes will be equal and randomisation will be computer-generated. Blinding (masking): Participants will not be blinded to group assignment. The outcomes will be assessed by a blinded investigator. Numbers to be randomised (sample size): The minimum sample size is 60. A total of 30 poor sleepers will be randomised to the intervention or wait-list control group. A total of 30 good sleepers will be randomised to the intervention or no intervention group. Trial Status: Recruitment for this study has yet to start. It is anticipated that recruitment will begin in August 2020 and end in April 2022. The current study protocol is version 1.0 (20 July 2020) Trial registration: This study was prospectively registered in the ISRCTN registry (registration number ISRCTN43900695, date of registration: 8 April 2020). Full protocol: The full protocol is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated; this Letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol. The study protocol has been reported in accordance with the Standard Protocol Items: Recommendations for Clinical Interventional Trials (SPIRIT) guidelines (Additional file 2). ER  - 
A live-online mindfulness-based intervention for children living with epilepsy and their families: protocol for a randomized controlled trial of Making Mindfulness Matter©$$$ Background: Epilepsy extends far beyond seizures; up to 80% of children with epilepsy (CWE) may have comorbid cognitive or mental health problems, and up to 50% of parents of CWE are at risk for major depression. Past research has also shown that family environment has a greater influence on children’s and parents’ health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and mental health than epilepsy-related factors. There is a pressing need for low-cost, innovative interventions to improve HRQOL and mental health for CWE and their parents. The aim of this randomized controlled trial (RCT) is to evaluate whether an interactive online mindfulness-based intervention program, Making Mindfulness Matter (M3), can be feasibly implemented and whether it positively affects CWE’s and parents’ HRQOL and mental health (specifically, stress, behavioral, depressive, and anxiety symptoms). Methods: This parallel RCT was planned to recruit 100 child-parent dyads to be randomized 1:1 to the 8-week intervention or waitlist control and followed over 20 weeks. The intervention, M3, will be delivered online and separately to parents and children (ages 4–10 years) in groups of 4–8 by non-clinician staff of a local community epilepsy agency. The intervention incorporates mindful awareness, social-emotional learning skills, and positive psychology. It is modeled after the validated school-based MindUP program and adapted for provision online and to include a parent component. Discussion: This RCT will determine whether this online mindfulness-based intervention is feasible and effective for CWE and their parents. The proposed intervention may be an ideal vector to significantly improve HRQOL and mental health for CWE and their parents given its low cost and implementation by community epilepsy agencies. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04020484. Registered on July 16, 2019. ER  - 
Acute Pain in the Trauma Patient$$$ Purpose of Review: This review will discuss the unique challenges associated with pain control in the trauma patient. Trauma is accompanied by painful conditions such as fractures, surgery, and nerve injury, but the trauma population also provides additional challenges compared to the general hospitalized population with respect to pain control because of the acute stress reaction and other psychological responses to trauma, often underlying chronic pain, and the increased risk of opiate use at baseline in this population. Recent Findings: The importance of recognizing uncontrolled pain early is essential to prevent adverse acute and chronic outcomes including post-traumatic stress disorder, transition to chronic pain, delirium, and respiratory failure. Summary: A true multimodal approach to pain control in trauma patients includes early evaluation and consideration of techniques such as epidural anesthesia as well as nerve and fascial blocks, the use of non-opiate medications in addition to opiate medication, and early evaluation for uncontrolled stress, anxiety, and risk factors for post-traumatic stress disorder. ER  - 
Rare genetic variants in the gene encoding histone lysine demethylase 4C (KDM4C) and their contributions to susceptibility to schizophrenia and autism spectrum disorder$$$ Dysregulation of epigenetic processes involving histone methylation induces neurodevelopmental impairments and has been implicated in schizophrenia (SCZ) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Variants in the gene encoding lysine demethylase 4C (KDM4C) have been suggested to confer a risk for such disorders. However, rare genetic variants in KDM4C have not been fully evaluated, and the functional impact of the variants has not been studied using patient-derived cells. In this study, we conducted copy number variant (CNV) analysis in a Japanese sample set (2605 SCZ and 1141 ASD cases, and 2310 controls). We found evidence for significant associations between CNVs in KDM4C and SCZ (p = 0.003) and ASD (p = 0.04). We also observed a significant association between deletions in KDM4C and SCZ (corrected p = 0.04). Next, to explore the contribution of single nucleotide variants in KDM4C, we sequenced the coding exons in a second sample set (370 SCZ and 192 ASD cases) and detected 18 rare missense variants, including p.D160N within the JmjC domain of KDM4C. We, then, performed association analysis for p.D160N in a third sample set (1751 SCZ and 377 ASD cases, and 2276 controls), but did not find a statistical association with these disorders. Immunoblotting analysis using lymphoblastoid cell lines from a case with KDM4C deletion revealed reduced KDM4C protein expression and altered histone methylation patterns. In conclusion, this study strengthens the evidence for associations between KDM4C CNVs and these two disorders and for their potential functional effect on histone methylation patterns. ER  - 
Differences in course of illness between patients with bipolar II disorder with and without epileptiform discharges or other sharp activity on electroencephalograms: a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: A diagnosis of bipolar II disorder requires that the symptoms cannot be better explained by a medical condition. Epilepsy is in some cases associated with an affective syndrome mimicking an unstable bipolar II disorder. Epileptiform discharges on electroencephalograms (EEGs) are typical, but not pathognomonic, for epilepsy. A previous study has found a high frequency of epileptiform discharges and other sharp activity among patients with bipolar disorder. The aim of the study was to identify if epileptic discharges or other sharp activity per se are associated with an altered course of illness among patients with bipolar II disorder. Methods: Eighty six patients diagnosed with bipolar II disorder at two psychiatric departments were interviewed about prior course of illness and assessed with EEGs. The patients were split into two groups based on the presence (n = 12) or absence (n = 74) of epileptiform discharges or other sharp activity. Wilcoxon rank sum test, Fisher’s exact test, and Pearson’s chi squared test were used to assess differences between the groups on six variables of course of illness. Results: Patients with epileptiform discharges or other sharp activity had a history of more hypomanic episodes per year (median (interquartile range (IQR)) 1.5 (3.2) vs. 0.61 (1.1), p = 0.0090) and a higher hypomania:depression ratio (median (IQR) 3.2 (16) vs. 1.0 (1.0), p = 0.00091) as compared to patients without. None of the patients with epileptiform discharges or other sharp activity had self-reported epileptic seizures in their history. Conclusions: Epileptiform discharges or other sharp activity on EEGs are associated with more hypomanic episodes and an increased hypomania:depression ratio. Our results warrant replication in prospective studies, but suggest that EEG findings could be of prognostic importance for patients diagnosed with bipolar II disorder in psychiatric care. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT00201526). ER  - 
Neurological Complications Among Native Americans with COVID-19: Our Experience at a Tertiary Care Academic Hospital in the U.S.$$$ Objective: To study the central nervous system (CNS) complications in patients with COVID-19 infection especially among Native American population in the current pandemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome virus (COVID-19). Methods: Patients with confirmed COVID-19 infection at University of New Mexico hospital (UNMH) were screened for development of neurological complications during Feb 01 to April 29, 2020 via retrospective chart review. Results: Total of 90 hospitalized patients were screened. Out of seven patients, majority were Native Americans females, and developed neurological complications including subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), Intraparenchymal hemorrhage (IPH), Ischemic stroke (IS) and seizure. All 7 patients required Intensive care unit (ICU) level of care. Patients who developed CNS complications other than seizure were females in the younger age group (4 patients, 38-58 years) with poor outcome. Out of 7, three developed subarachnoid hemorrhage, two developed ischemic infarction, and four developed seizure. Two patients with hemorrhagic complication expired during the course of hospitalization. All three patients with seizure were discharged to home. Conclusion: Patients with serious CNS complications secondary to COVID-19 infection were observed to be Native Americans. Patients who developed hemorrhagic or ischemic events were observed to have poor outcomes as compared to patients who developed seizures. ER  - 
Prehospital Naloxone and Emergency Department Adverse Events: A Dose-Dependent Relationship$$$ Background: The purpose of this study was to evaluate prehospital and emergency department (ED) interventions and outcomes of patients who received prehospital naloxone for a suspected opioid overdose. Objectives: The primary objective was to evaluate if the individual dose, individual route, total dose, number of prehospital naloxone administrations, or occurrence of a prehospital adverse event (AE) were associated with the occurrence of AEs in the ED. Secondary objectives included a subset analysis of patients who received additional naloxone while in the ED, or were admitted to an intensive care or step-down unit (ICU). Methods: This was a retrospective, observational chart review of adult patients who received prehospital naloxone and were transported by ambulance to a suburban academic tertiary care center between 2014 and 2017. Descriptive, univariate, and multivariate statistics were used, with p < 0.05 indicating significance. Results: There were 513 patients included in the analysis, with a median age of 29 years, and median total prehospital naloxone dose of 2 mg. An increasing number of prehospital naloxone doses, an occurrence of a prehospital AE, and a route of administration other than intranasally for the first dose of prehospital naloxone were significantly associated with an increased likelihood of an ED AE. Patients who received < 2 mg of prehospital naloxone had the least likelihood of being admitted to an ICU, whereas patients who received at least 6 mg had a dramatically increased likelihood of ICU admission. Conclusions: Our results suggest that an increasing number of prehospital naloxone doses was significantly associated with an increased likelihood of an ED adverse event. ER  - 
Characteristics of mass lesion presentation of primary angiitis of the central nervous system: A single center 11-year retrospective case-series study$$$ Objective: Mass lesion presentation of primary angiitis of the central nervous system (ML-PACNS) is a special subtype of primary central nervous system vasculitis, which is difficult to be differentiated from other space-occupying disorders. We aimed to summarize our experience and improve diagnostic techniques of ML-PACNS. Patients and methods: Case records for 16 patients treated in the Department of Neurology of Six Medical Center of Chinese PLA General Hospital from December 2008 to November 2019 were examined. All patients were diagnosed with ML-PACNS by pathology. Clinical manifestations, neuroimaging results and pathological features were retrospectively analyzed. Results: The 16 patients with ML-PACNS in the cohort (8 males) had a median age of 32 (range 19–56 years). On T1WI and T2WI, 12 cases showed mixed signals and 4 cases showed T1WI hypointense and T2WI hyperintense. Fifteen patients showed DWI hyperintense, of which 9 cases showed hypointense in the middle of the lesion. Gadolinium enhancement of all cases was irregular. All patients had a brain biopsy (stereotactic procedure in 10 and open-wedge surgery in 6) which showed lymphocytic vasculitis in the majority of patients (15/16) and necrotizing vasculitis in one patient. Conclusions: ML-PACNS is an important differential candidate for tumefactive demyelinating lesions, CNS infections and brain tumors. Mixed T1WI and T2WI signals as well as central hypointense surrounded by hyperintense lesions on DWI may be useful imaging features for the diagnosis of ML-PACNS which has implications for those who have not yet had a biopsy. ML-PACNS may have different pathological type from PACNS. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of perampanel as a first add-on therapy with different anti-seizure drugs$$$ Purpose: To investigate the efficacy and tolerability of perampanel (PER) when administered as a first add-on therapy to patients with focal epilepsy or idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE) taking one other antiseizure drug (ASD). Methods: This multicentre, retrospective, one-year observational study collected data from patients (≥12 years) who initiated treatment with PER as first add-on therapy. Patients had to be experiencing inadequate seizure control on ASD monotherapy and tried ≤3 ASD monotherapies before initiating PER. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed, adjusted for the number and type of previous seizures, duration and aetiology of epilepsy. Results: Of the 149 patients included in the study (mean age 41 years; 54.4 % male), 118 (79.2 %) were still receiving PER as first add-on treatment after 12 months. Mean PER dose was 6.2 mg/day. At 12 months, 45.6 % were seizure-free and 84.6 % responders. A significant difference in seizure freedom rate was found between patients with IGE and patients with focal epilepsy, but not in responders. Reduced seizure control was observed when PER was administered with strong enzyme-inducing ASDs; conversely, increased seizure control was seen when the same dose of PER was combined with enzyme-inhibiting ASDs. The most frequent adverse events were dizziness (15.4 %), irritability (14.1 %) and drowsiness (14.1 %); no differences in tolerance were observed among different combinations. Conclusion: PER demonstrated a good efficacy and safety profile when used as a first add-on therapy in patients who did not respond to monotherapy. PER dose adjustments may optimize seizure control when combined with strong enzyme-inducing or enzyme-inhibiting ASDs. ER  - 
The mediating role of epileptic seizures, irritability, and depression on quality of life in people with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Psychiatric comorbidity is common in epilepsy and has a considerable impact on patient quality of life (QoL). This study aimed to analyze the relationship between seizure frequency, irritability, and depression and describe how they mediate each other's effect on QoL in epilepsy. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study of consecutive adults seen at an outpatient epilepsy clinic of a tertiary hospital in Barcelona, Spain. All the patients were evaluated for psychiatric comorbidity and administered the State–Trait Anger Expression Inventory–2 (STAXI-2), the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), and the Quality Of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-10 (QOLIE-10). Mediation analysis with multiple linear regression followed by the Sobel test was performed. Results: We studied 157 patients. Seizure frequency (R = − 0.193, P =.053), irritability (R = 0.216, P =.039), and depression (R = − 0.598, P <.001) had all a negative effect on QoL. In the adjusted linear regression model, depression was the only independent predictor of impaired QoL (B = − 2.453 [95% confidence interval (CI): − 3.161, − 1.744], P <.001). The Sobel test showed that depression exerted a significant mediating effect on seizure frequency (Z = − 1.984; P =.047) and irritability (Z = − 3.669; P <.001) in their influence on QoL. Conclusion: Depression is an independent predictor of worse QoL and significantly mediated the effects of irritability and poor seizure control on QoL impairment in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Examining quality of life in an Australian cohort of people with epilepsy over six years — Understanding the role of stigma and mood$$$ Aim: Research examining quality of life (QoL) among people living with epilepsy (PWE) consistently highlights the detrimental impact of stigma, anxiety, and depression, as well as the dynamic and changing nature of QoL over time. This paper represents the first panel study of the Australian Epilepsy Longitudinal Survey (AELS), examining factors that influence the QoL of PWE over a six-year interval, particularly focusing on experiences of stigma, depression, and anxiety. Methods: Ninety-two adults participated in both Wave 2 (T1; 2010) and Wave 4 (T2; 2016/17) of the AELS. Average age at T2 was 53.4 years [standard deviation (SD) = 15.3; range: 22–82; 55% female]. Over the study interval, there was a shift towards more younger participants moving out of high school and older participants moving into retirement. We explored the impact of (i) experiences of stigma, (ii) mood, and (iii) sociodemographic factors on QoL at both T1 and T2 via the use of correlation analyses. Hierarchical regression was used to determine the strongest predictors of QoL at T2. Results: Occurrence of recent seizures, stigma, anxiety, and depression measured at T1 were all significantly correlated with total QoL at both T1 and T2. Sociodemographic factors including years of education, and weekly income before tax were not significantly correlated with QoL at either T1 or T2. QoL and depression at T1 were identified as the strongest predictors of QoL at T2 (six years later). Discussion: The current study supports previous research highlighting the importance of psychological factors in understating QoL in PWE, particularly stigma, anxiety, and depression. In particular, it highlights the impact of depression on QoL over a 6-year interval, providing evident for the long-term nature of this relationship. ER  - 
A prospective, multicenter, noninterventional study in Taiwan to evaluate the safety and tolerability of lacosamide as adjunctive therapy for epilepsy in clinical practice$$$ Rationale: Lacosamide (LCM) was initially approved in Taiwan in March 2014 for use as adjunctive therapy for focal impaired awareness seizures and secondarily generalized seizures (SGS) in patients with epilepsy ≥ 16 years of age. The efficacy and tolerability of adjunctive LCM for the treatment of patients with focal seizures have been demonstrated in randomized, placebo-controlled trials. However, the trials do not reflect a flexible dose setting. This study (EP0063) was conducted to assess the safety and tolerability of LCM in real-world clinical practice in Taiwan. Effectiveness of LCM was also assessed as an exploratory objective. Methods: EP0063 was a multicenter, prospective, noninterventional study with an expected observation period of 12 months ± 60 days. Eligible patients were ≥ 16 years of age, had focal impaired awareness seizures and/or SGS (in line with approved indication in Taiwan at the time of the study), were taking at least one concomitant antiseizure medication (ASM), and had at least one seizure in the 3 months before baseline. Patients were prescribed LCM by their treating physician in the course of routine clinical practice. The primary safety variable was treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) spontaneously reported to, or observed by, the treating physician. Based on safety data from previous studies of LCM and known side effects of other ASMs, certain TEAEs (including but not limited to cardiac and electrocardiogram, suicidality, and rash related terms) were analyzed separately. Effectiveness variables included Clinical Global Impression of Change (CGIC) and change in 28-day seizure frequency from baseline to 12 months (or final visit), and freedom from focal seizures. Results: A total of 171 patients were treated with LCM, of whom 139 (81.3%) completed the study. The Kaplan–Meier estimated 12-month retention was 82.9%. Patients had a mean (standard deviation [SD], range) age of 38.5 (14.0, 16–77) years, and 96 (56.1%) were male. Patients were taking a mean (SD, range) of 2.8 (1.1, 1–6) ASMs at baseline. Mean (SD, range) duration of LCM treatment was 288.7 (111.9, 2–414) days, and the mean (SD, range) daily dosage of LCM was 205.0 (82.7, 50.0–505.2) mg/day. Overall, 95 (55.6%) patients reported at least one TEAE, most commonly dizziness (33 [19.3%] patients). Drug-related TEAEs were reported in 74 (43.3%) patients, and drug-related TEAEs leading to discontinuation of LCM were reported in 14 (8.2%) patients. Two (1.2%) patients died during LCM treatment, which were considered not related to LCM. Two (1.2%) patients had suicidality-related TEAEs; these TEAEs were considered either not related to LCM or the relationship was not recorded. Rash-related TEAEs were reported in five (2.9%) patients (considered LCM-related in two patients). Based on the CGIC, at 12 months (or final visit), 109 (63.7%) patients were considered to have improved, 54 (31.6%) had no change, and the remaining eight (4.7%) were minimally worse. At 12 months (or final visit), the median percentage change in focal seizure frequency was –50.0. During the first 6 months of the study, 21 (12.3%) patients were free from focal seizures; 37 (21.6%) patients were free from focal seizures in the last 6 months of the study; and 14 (8.2%) were free from focal seizures for the full 12 months of the study. Conclusions: Results of this prospective, noninterventional study suggest that adjunctive LCM was generally safe and well tolerated in this patient group in real-world practice in Taiwan. Effectiveness was also favorable, with more than 60% of patients considered to be improved by their physician at 12 months (or final visit). ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in children – psychophysiology & dissociative characteristics$$$ The purpose of this study was to determine psychophysiology and dissociative characteristics of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in a clinical pediatric setting. A retrospective chart review was conducted over a 5-year period that included children meeting criteria for probable, clinically established or documented PNES. Of these, 33 patients (81%) underwent psychophysiology assessment as part of standardized care and were selected for study inclusion. Ages ranged from 10 to 17 years inclusive (70% female). The majority of patients were found to have some form of autonomic decompensation at baseline (82%) and lack of autonomic recovery from a cognitive stressor (58%). Inhibition of electrodermal skin response to laboratory stressor was associated with significantly longer duration of PNES illness (t=2.65, p=.013), while elevated heart rate (above 90th percentile) was associated with significantly higher frequency of PNES events in the month preceding diagnosis (t=3.1, p=.004). High levels of dissociation and hyperventilation symptoms were self-reported by adolescent patients (n=19) with a moderate degree of positive association (r=0.35, p=.038). The majority of patients (n= 25, 89%) were taught to correct respiratory CO2 levels during a single biofeedback training session. Conclusions: Child PNES populations appear to be characterized by chronic autonomic hyperarousal reflecting severity of their symptoms, which can feasibly be targeted for behavioral treatment. ER  - 
Is the anticonvulsant activity of levetiracetam dose-dependent?$$$ Purpose: Although levetiracetam (LEV) is globally established as a leading antiseizure medication (ASM) it is still a controversial matter whether dose increases correspond with an increased efficacy if LEV in the recommended dose range did not show satisfying efficacy. In our clinical perception we questioned the value of dose increases in such non-responders. Methods: In this retrospective monocenter study we analyzed the data of adult people with epilepsies (PWE) with focal-onset seizures who had been treated at the department of adults of the Kork Epilepsy Center between 2009 and 2019, who had been on a stable daily LEV dose and in whom LEV was further increased due to further seizures in spite of baseline LEV in a recommended daily dose range. For reasons of data homogeneity, we included only PWE with at least two definite seizures during the hospital stay under the baseline LEV dose who were treated and observed as in-patients after the increase of LEV for a period at least three-fold longer than the baseline interval before. Additional data acquisition comprised clinical data including adverse events, serum concentrations of LEV and other ASMs, and additional laboratory findings. The primary outcome variable was the change of seizure frequency prior to and after the increase of LEV. Results: Out of 518 PWE who had been on LEV during their hospital stay, a total of 61 PWE fulfilled the inclusion criteria. After a gradual dose increment, 91,8 % of PWE showed a reduced seizure frequency, 73,8 % had a reduction of seizures of 50 % or more, and 21,3 % were seizure-free during the observation period. A significant seizure reduction could be shown with a seizure count of 2,5/week prior to the increment and 0,7/week after dose increment (p < 0,00001). Seven PWE reported minor adverse events and ten PWE showed slight laboratory changes (within normal levels). Conclusion: Contrary to our long-term clinical impression, LEV dose increments were reasonable and improved the seizure situation in PWE, usually without additional safety hazards. ER  - 
The impact of severe pediatric epilepsy on experienced stress and psychopathology in parents$$$ Objectives: To assess the prevalence of psychopathology and the level of stress in parents of children with severe epilepsy to gain a better understanding of parental support needs. Methods: Questionnaires were completed by parents of children with severe epilepsy during the hospitalization of their child at the Danish Epilepsy Center. The questions targeted symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), complex PTSD (CPTSD), depression, and anxiety, and the level of perceived stress. Results: A total of 162 caregivers of 140 children with epilepsy participated in the survey. Mothers were more often unemployed than fathers (38% vs. 11%, p < 0.01), and nearly half of the children (47%) attended special needs classes. Psychopathology symptoms were found in 43.5% of parents, fulfilling criteria for one or more diagnoses, and an additional 11% showed symptoms of sub-clinical PTSD. Parent-rated child difficulties were significantly associated with PTSD (Mdiff = 5.51, p = 0.001), depression (Mdiff = 4.50, p < 0.000), and anxiety (Mdiff = 4.61, p = 0.01), and with higher levels of perceived stress (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Caring for a child with severe epilepsy has a significant psychopathological impact on caregivers. Caregivers’ resources and the degree of behavioral difficulties in the child, rather than epilepsy-related factors, are highly correlated with distress and psychopathological symptoms in caregivers. ER  - 
Social aspects of life in patients with functional (psychogenic nonepileptic) seizures: An international study$$$ Purpose: To explore various social aspects of life (i.e., employment, education, and driving) in a large sample of patients with functional seizures (FS) living in seven countries from four continents. Methods: In this retrospective study, we investigated adult patients with FS, who were admitted to the epilepsy monitoring units at centers in Iran, Qatar, USA, France, Georgia, Egypt, and United Arab Emirates (UAE). We studied the social aspects of life in the whole cohort. Then, we compared the social aspects of life between different world regions. Results: Four hundred and forty patients were included (241 from Iran, 56 from Qatar, 52 from France, 41 from the USA, 19 from UAE, 18 from Egypt, and 13 from Georgia). One hundred and twenty six people (30%) had college education, 142 (33%) were employed, and 101 (28%) drove a motor vehicle in their routine daily lives. People with FS and college education were more likely to report a history of sexual abuse compared with those with a lower education. Patients with no loss of responsiveness with their FS were more likely to be employed. Male patients and patients without aura were more likely to drive a motor vehicle in their routine daily lives. None of the social characteristics of the patients with FS showed significant differences among the two large culturally different groups (Muslim nations vs. Christian nations). Conclusion: It appears that patients with FS across cultures have significant problems in their social aspects of life. ER  - 
Mind the gap: health disparities in families living with epilepsy are significant and linked to socioeconomic status$$$ Aims. There is limited information on disparities of people with epilepsy (PWE) and, foremost, their caregivers. The objective of this study was to comprehensively compare between PWE and caregivers with low socioeconomic status (SES) and those with high SES for disparities in demographic and epilepsy characteristics, treatment and health care utilization, physical and psychosocial impact, and knowledge about epilepsy. Methods. PWE and caregivers completed surveys about the aforementioned outcomes during their epilepsy clinic visit or epilepsy monitoring unit admission. Associations were evaluated using SES as a binary independent variable and the patient and caregiver related outcomes as dependent variables. Results. Thirty-eight patients with low SES and 88 patients with high SES were recruited. Patients with low SES were more commonly non-white, uninsured, unemployed, of lower educational attainment and living in larger households. They were more likely to visit the emergency room for their seizures, were more frequently on polypharmacy and experienced more AED adverse effects. They exhibited higher depression and anxiety levels and worse quality of life. Twenty-two caregivers with low SES and 66 caregivers of high SAS were recruited. Caregivers with low SES were more likely to be non-white and single. They manifested poorer knowledge about epilepsy. Conclusion. There are notable inequalities in demographic, treatment-related and health care utilization aspects of care of PWE, as well as in the psychosocial impact of their disease. Additional demographic and epilepsy knowledge-related disparities are recognized in caregivers of PWE. Identification of those disparities is a critical step in the creation of appropriate interventions to eliminate them. ER  - 
Non-HIV chronic disease burden among transgender populations globally: A systematic review and narrative synthesis$$$ Chronic disease is a growing concern for research, policy and clinical care. While the global burden of HIV for transgender populations has been comprehensively covered in recent systematic reviews, the same is not true for the burden of other chronic disease. The objective of this study was to review the literature on non-HIV chronic disease burden for transgender populations worldwide. A systematic review was conducted of Medline, Embase, CINAHL, PsycINFO and LGBT Life bibliographic databases for peer-reviewed scientific studies with non-HIV chronic disease prevalence data for transgender populations published any date up to February 15, 2019 without restriction on country or study design. A total of 93 studies and 665 datapoints were included in this review, comprising 48 distinct chronic disease outcomes in seven groups (cancer, cerebro/cardiovascular conditions, chronic liver and kidney disease, mental health and substance use conditions, metabolic and endocrine disorders, musculoskeletal and brain disorders, respiratory conditions, and unspecified and other conditions). The empirical literature on chronic disease among global transgender populations focuses on mental health morbidity, demonstrating an evidence gap on chronic physical health morbidity, particularly beyond that of sexual health. This review identified important gaps including in age-related conditions, inflammation-related disease and studies designed explicitly to investigate chronic disease burden among transgender populations. There is a need for high quality evidence in this area, including longitudinal population-based studies with appropriate comparison groups, and consistent measurement of both transgender status and chronic conditions. ER  - 
Case report: Sweet syndrome in patients with sporotrichosis: A 10-case series$$$ Human sporotrichosis is an emerging disease caused by fungi of the genus Sporothrix, distributed worldwide, but mostly in tropical and subtropical regions. This disease is caused by traumatic inoculation of contaminated material (either animal or vegetal in origin) into the skin. Sporotrichosis cases caused by zoonotic transmission through felines have significantly increased over the last 20 years in Brazil. There is a spectrum of clinical outcomes, from classical lymphocutaneous and fixed forms to disseminated manifestations and extracutaneous lesions; however, hypersensitivity reactions related to sporotrichosis, including Sweet syndrome (acute febrile neutrophilic dermatoses), are uncommon. In Brazil, Sporothrix brasiliensis is repeatedly associated with feline infection and has consistently shown higher virulence, tendency to escalate to outbreaks or epidemics, and development of atypical forms. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to report the cases of 10 patients with sporotrichosis infected by S. brasiliensis species who developed Sweet syndrome to alert this association, especially in endemic areas. ER  - 
Association between viral hepatitis infection and Parkinson's disease: A population-based study$$$ Background: The association between hepatitis virus infection and Parkinson's disease remains controversial. Objective: To determine whether hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) infections are associated with an increased risk of Parkinson's disease in Korean men and women aged ≥40 years. Methods and materials: This nationwide population-based prospective study included patients without infections and those with HBV, HCV, and HBV/HCV infections from 2005 to 2015. We used the International Classification of Diseases 10th Revision to identify Parkinson's disease (G20) and chronic hepatitis C virus (B18.2) and chronic hepatitis B virus infections (B18.0 or B18.1). To identify the Parkinson's disease risk, competing risk analysis adjusted for age, sex, comorbidities, and death was performed. Results: Overall, 1,010,317 patients (358,052, no infection; 488,990, hepatitis B; 144,459 hepatitis C; and 18,680 hepatitis B/C) were included. The incidence density of Parkinson's disease per 10,000 person-years was the highest in the hepatitis C group (8.1), followed by the hepatitis B/C (6.7) and hepatitis B (5.1) groups. Epilepsy and depressive disorder increased the hazard of Parkinson's disease in all groups. The adjusted hazard ratios were 1.99 (95% confidence interval: 1.55–2.55), 1.91 (95% confidence interval: 1.74–2.10), and 1.77 (95% confidence interval: 1.64–1.91) in the HBV/HCV, HCV, and HBV groups, respectively. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that adult patient of 40 years and older with HBV and HCV infections should be monitored for signs of Parkinson's disease so that early intervention and accurate treatment can be provided for minimizing the development and consequences of Parkinson's disease. ER  - 
Pattern of presentations at psychiatric emergency services of a public sector tertiary care hospital, Pakistan$$$ Objective: To determine the pattern of presentations and characteristics of patients at a psychiatric emergency services facility. Methods: The cross-sectional study was conducted in November 2016 at the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioural Sciences, Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre, Karachi, and comprised all patients presenting to the departmental emergency services. Data was documented on a pre-designed semi-structured proforma, and analysed using SPSS 22. Results: Of the 316 cases, 162(51.3%) were males and 154(48.7%) were females. The overall mean age was 30.78+/-13.09 years (range: 8-80 years). Psychiatric emergencies comprised suicidal attempt, excitement, violence, altered sensorium, altered/ inappropriate behaviour and extrapyramidal symptoms / acute dystonia together constituting for 123(38.9%) of the total presentations, while there were 20(6.33%) cases of hysterical fits and 6(1.89%) with acute anxiety symptoms. Overall, 56(17.7%) subjects were found to have no psychiatric diagnosis, and 46(81.5%) of these were referred cases. Conclusion: Non-emergency visits constituted high percentage of emergency presentation. ER  - 
Ms is associated with higher comorbidity, adverse health behaviors, and healthcare resource usage: Population based case-control study in Catalonia$$$ Background: Comorbidities and adverse health behaviors are associated with worse outcomes in multiple sclerosis (MS) and increased use of healthcare resources. Some comorbid conditions are more frequent in MS compared to the general population. The frequency and impact of comorbidities in our region is unknown. Objectives: Describe the frequency of common comorbidities, adverse health behaviors, and healthcare resource usage in MS patients compared to the general population in Catalonia. Methods: This is a population-based case-control study of the primary healthcare information system that covers 80% of the population of Catalonia. Cases were identified using the CIE-10 MS code (G35), and age/sex- matched controls (ratio 1:5) were randomly chosen, if they had at least one visit since 2006 and did not have active CIE-10 coding for any demyelinating disease. We obtained information on demographics (age, sex, socioeconomic status), comorbidities (by count and type), adverse health behaviors (smoking, alcohol), annual visits (primary care and specialists), sick leave days and medication dispensing. Bivariate analysis and adjusted logistic regressions were done and odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated. Results: 5548 MS cases and 27710 controls were included. 70% were female and mean age was 48.3 years. A total of 3334 (60.1%) of cases vs. 15756 (56.8%) of controls had at least one comorbidity (p<0.001). A higher frequency of comorbidities was found in MS in the 20-39 (OR: 1.377; 95%CI: 1.229-1.542) and 40-59 (OR: 1.231; 95%CI: 1.135-1.336) age ranges, whereas it was lower in 60-79 (OR: 0.648; 95%CI: 0.551-0.763) and >80 years (OR: 0.268; 95%CI: 0.115-0.625) age ranges. Socioeconomic deprivation was associated with a higher presence of comorbidities in MS cases (OR: 1.456; 95%CI: 1.161-1.824). Stroke (OR: 1.513; 95%CI: 1.173-1.952) and epilepsy (OR 2.566; 95%CI: 2.034-3.237), as well as any psychiatric disorder (OR 1.425; 95%CI: 1.377-1.519), bipolar disorder (OR: 1.882 95%CI: 1.335- 2.654), or major depression (OR: 1.791: 95%CI 1.660-1.932) were more frequent in MS. Cardiovascular diseases were more frequent in males, whereas psychiatric diseases were more frequent in females. MS cases had higher annual sick leave days (11 vs. 6.7; p<0.001) and nurse (3 vs. 1.7; p<0.001), primary care (5 vs. 3.8; p<0.001) and specialist visits (11.9 vs. 0.5; p<0.001), as well as yearly medication dispensing. MS patients were more prone to smoking but not to alcohol consumption, especially among males. Conclusions: MS patients have higher risk of psychiatric comorbidities, stroke and epilepsy, as well as adverse health behaviors and higher healthcare resource usage than the general population. The profile of comorbidities differs between women and men. Comorbidities are more frequent in the mos deprived socioeconomic strata. ER  - 
Clinical and molecular complexity of X-linked clustering epilepsy, a disorder of cellular mosaics$$$ PCDH19 is a well-established neurodevelopmental disability (NDD) gene implicated in an early onset seizure disorder, X-linked clustering epilepsy or XCE. XCE is one of the most frequent epilepsies. It is a disorder of cellular mosaics, i.e. heterozygous females (due to Xinactivation mosaicism) or postzygotic somatic mosaic males. Hemizygous males without functional PCDH19 are not affected. In the present study we investigated the complexity of the XCE NDD phenotype as well as the cellular and molecular determinants of its variable (~80%) penetrance. Firstly, using standardized survey tools we have assessed executive function (Behavior Rating Inventory) and psychiatric comorbidities (Social Responsiveness Scale, Social Communication Questionnaire, Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire, and Dimensional Obsessive Compulsive Scale) on 112 individuals with deleterious PCDH19 variant, males and females. Genetic, seizure, and developmental information were also collected. Developmental delay prior to seizure onset occurred in 18%, executive dysfunction and ASD in 60% of individuals. 21% of individuals met criteria for obsessive-compulsive disorder, distinct from ASD. There were no phenotypic differences between heterozygous females and somatic mosaic males attesting to the cellular mosaicism as the disease driver. Secondly, we assessed 322 PCDH19 missense variants, 45 of which we tested experimentally using in vitro assays to engineer a high accuracy PCDH19 variant predictor toolbox. Thirdly, using patient-derived skin fibroblast cell lines we identified genetic (mRNA, protein) and epigenetic (methylation) biomarkers of the penetrance of XCE even among discordant monozygotic twins. Our research set foundations of a Phase III international clinical trial of ganaxolone in XCE. ER  - 
Cross-species, closed loop enhancement of cognitive control with striatum/capsule deep brain stimulation$$$ Background: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the ventral internal capsule and striatum (VCVS) can relieve intractable major depression (MDD) and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). In both indications, however, clinical trial outcomes are mixed. This arises in part because DBS' mechanisms are unknown. The similar effects across two disparate disorders suggest that an RDoC perspective may help identify mechanisms. DBS may act on cognitive deficits that cut across disorders. We previously showed one possibility: top-down cognitive control (the ability to switch response strategies when needed). In a retrospective study, MDD and OCD patients with VCVS DBS performed better on a cognitive control task when their stimulators were active. We now show validation of this effect across species and show how it can be used for real-time monitoring and enhancement of cognitive control in humans. Methods: 1: 6 patients undergoing invasive pre-surgical epilepsy monitoring, with electrodes passing near the VCVS, performed the Multi-Source Interference Task (MSIT), a standard cognitive control assay. During task stimulus presentation, we gave 130 Hz (DBS-like) bursts of stimulation to the left or right, dorsal or ventral VCVS, on a randomly selected 50% of MSIT trials. We verified that patients were blind to the presence/absence of stimulation. 2: 20 Long-Evans rats performed an extradimensional Set- Shifting task that approximates the human MSIT. In separate cohorts, we stimulated ventral, middle, or dorsal striatum in close homology to human VCVS. We stimulated on a random 50% of testing days, continuously throughout the task (similar to our prior human experiments). 3: In a further 3 epilepsy patients, we applied a real-time behavior modeling engine to estimate MSIT performance (trial response time, RT, accounting for changes in conflict level). When RT rose above a threshold (signifying lapses of cognitive control), we again applied brief DBS-like stimulation. All studies included males and females and analyzed results through the same generalized linear mixed-effects model. Results: 1: As in our prior study, patients were significantly faster (p < 0.03 for GLM coefficients, FDR corrected) during stimulation. Right dorsal VCVS stimulation produced the largest effect (74 ms vs. 42 ms for the less-effective ventral site). 2: Rats mirrored the human pattern: faster RTs (47 ms with midstriatal stimulation, p < 0.001) without more errors, and the effects were larger at a more dorsal site dorsally (p = 0.44 for ventral stimulation). 3: Closed-loop stimulation was more effective than (1)'s open loop (p < 0.001, permutation test), and possibly more efficient (additional 2 ms per stimulation event, n.s.). There were no adverse events, and one patient reported subjective relief of anxiety. Conclusions: Across species, VCVS DBS (especially more dorsally in the capsule/striatum) augments cognitive control. The effects can be controlled in closed loop, and rapidly change in response to stimulation. It may be possible to improve DBS programming for patients, e.g. by performing this closed-loop titration as they perform a cognitive control task. Further, we back-translated the cognitive control effect to rodents, where we can dissect circuits and mechanisms in detail. This may represent a more reliable translational model for DBS compared to traditional 'depression' or 'OCD' assays. Together, these tools offer a new, RDoC-driven approach to studying and optimizing psychiatric DBS. ER  - 
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in us military veterans-a naturalistic study in the veterans health administration$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS, hereafter TMS) has emerged as evidence-based treatment for pharmacoresistant major depressive disorder (MDD) and has been cleared by the US Food and Drug Administration for over a decade. In that time, data has emerged supporting the use of TMS utilizing different devices, settings, and patient populations. One particular patient population of interest in the US are military Veterans; this patient group is thought to have generally higher levels of medical and psychiatric comorbidity, as well as elevated risk for suicide. A recent negative study of TMS indicated that active stimulation did not separate from sham, and poor response was particularly prevalent in Veterans who had comorbid posttraumatic stress disorder. Yet, other studies have consistently indicated efficacy of TMS for Veterans including with PTSD in other studies. To this end, the VA instituted a nationwide rollout of TMS, with the purpose to evaluate clinical outcomes in naturalistic settings and thus inform real-world practice. This abstract reports clinical outcomes of the first cohort of patients to receive TMS at the VA as part of this program, where we hypothesized that TMS would be safe, well tolerated, and provide clinically meaningful reductions in depressive symptoms as well as comorbid PTSD symptoms. Methods: VA Palo Alto Healthcare System Mental Illness Research Education and Clinical Center served as the central coordinating site for this naturalistic study; the VA Palo Alto/ Stanford Institutional Review Board approved procedures related to this report. Individual sites received training through the coordinating site and data gathered through a centralized VA REDCap database. Veterans were eligible for TMS if they met standard inclusion/clearance criteria for TMS (e.g., failure of at least one antidepressant in the current major depressive episode, etc.); in general other treatments were unchanged for approximately six weeks before stimulation, and remained unchanged during stimulation, although this could be modified depending on a Veteran's clinical situation. TMS parameters were at local clinical discretion, and generally were high frequency stimulation (10Hz or intermittent theta burst) delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 120% of motor threshold over 6-8 weeks. Depression and PTSD symptoms were measured using the 9-item patient health questionnaire (PHQ9) and PTSD symptom checklist for DSM5 (PCL-5); outcomes of interest included mean changes in both rating scales, as well as dichotomous outcomes describing response (>50% reduction) and remission (score<5) on the PHQ9, and clinically meaningful reduction (>10 points) and those no longer meeting threshold criteria for PTSD (score <33) on the PCL-5. Safety outcomes were measured through database queries and separate inquiries across the sites. Outcomes were analyzed using paired-sample t-tests and missing data were addressed using multiple imputations. This report includes all Veterans that received TMS up until March 2020 (i.e., pre-COVID). Results: The cohort included N=413 Veterans with major depression. 380 (92%) reported some degree of PTSD symptoms, and 275 (66.6%) had threshold-level PTSD symptoms. Average age was 51 years (SD = 14.14, range 22 - 89), and 74.2 % identified as male. The majority of Veterans were treated with high frequency stimulation to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. There was a significant decrease in self-reported depression symptoms on the PHQ9 (t(412) = 24.15, p < 0.01; pre-TMS: mean = 18.2, standard deviation = 5.06, post-TMS: mean = 10.66, standard deviation = 7.12). Depression response and remission rates were 46.2% (n=191) and 23.7% (n=98), respectively. There was also a significant decrease on self-reported PTSD symptoms on the PCL-5 (t(379) = 18.85, p < 0.01; pre-TMS : mean = 43.80 SD = 18.36, post-TMS: M = 28.15, SD = 20.42). Of the Veterans with threshold-level PTSD symptoms at baseline, n=159 (57.5%) demonstrated clinically meaningful reduction and n=130 (47.2%) no longer met PTSD threshold criteria post-treatment. TMS was generally safe as delivered; four Veterans experienced unexpected side effects requiring significant medical intervention. One Veteran reportedly had a seizure (H-coil), and five were hospitalized for worsened psychiatric symptoms. Conclusions: This data represents the first multisite naturalistic study of TMS for Veterans with pharmacoresistant major depression. Consistent with this patient population, the majority reported comorbid MDD & PTSD. TMS resulted in statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in depressive and PTSD symptoms. Stimulation was safe as provided, with side effects consistent with the known profile of TMS. Limitations include those inherent to naturalistic cohort studies. Furthermore, all Veterans were engaged in concurrent clinical care, and we did not differentiate between different stimulation parameters. Future reports, using the associated network of clinical sites, will focus on. key related questions including evaluating the impact of different TMS parameters or approaches, as well as the study of biological outcomes such as functional magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalography to better identify biomarkers of treatment response in this population. Caveats notwithstanding, this is the largest report of TMS in Veterans and provides a clear indication of efficacy and safety in real-world environments. ER  - 
Parental anxiety in childhood epilepsy$$$ Objectives: The purpose of the study was to assess the prevalence of anxiety and depression level in the family members of the epileptic child. Study Design: This was an observational descriptive cross-sectional study Place and Duration of Study: The study was conducted in the children's hospital and institute of child heath Lahore. Material and Methods: Sample size of 152 parents was included with 5% level of significance. The Hamilton anxiety scale was used in this study to rate the anxiety scale. Each item is scored on a scale of 0 (not present) to 4 (severe). This scale consists of different points where all are elaborate by a series of sign and symptoms for anxiety. All the data was analyzed using SPSS. Results: This study included 152 guardians, 38% were non-working and 62% were working. Hamilton anxiety scale was used to rate the anxiety level. Anxious mood was moderate 62% to severe 31% in parents. Tension with symptoms of fatigue and inability to relax was moderate 50% to severe 45% in the parents of child with epilepsy. Fear of letting the child alone and letting him go outside was moderate 11% to severe 39% and 46% very severe. Insomnia was severe 46% to very severe 50% in parents. Poor concentration on other children was moderate 51% to severe 40%. Depressed mood was found moderate 40% and severe 44% among parents. Somatic motor issues mild 54% to moderate 42%.Somatic sensory symptoms mild 59% to moderate 40% in mothers. Tachycardia was mild 50% to moderate 48% in the parents. Mothers were seemed pallor mild 46% to moderate 32% level. Genitourinary symptoms were not present 77% & mild level 15%. Restlessness was mild 58% and moderate 12% level while giving interview. Conclusion: Epilepsy impacts are not confined to the child who is having seizures, but has effects on all the family members. The purpose of this study was to critically analyze and assess present evidences about the prevalence, their related factors, and effects of epilepsy on the family members also this study revealed that anxiety symptoms of mothers have a negative effect on child life quality and results in epilepsy including health-related problems. ER  - 
Diagnosis and treatment of headache in a pediatric emergency department$$$ Objectives The aims of the study were (1) to analyze the etiology and clinical management of headaches in children in the emergency department and (2) to analyze the treatment used in children diagnosed with headaches and with migraines. Methods Retrospective study of all the patients who were admitted to the pediatric emergency department of Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca, Lisbon, in 2014, with a chief complaint of headaches or the primary discharge diagnosis was headache/migraine. Results Headache related cases represented 3.8% of all the visits, a total of 2354 subjects. The median age was 10 years and 52.6% were female. The most frequent diagnoses were as follow: Headaches (21.3%), upper respiratory infections (18.4%), and migraines (6.1%). There were 4 cases of meningitis, 6,5% of all patients underwent computed tomography which was mostly requested in school-age children and adolescents. The average time from the first medical observation until discharge was 85 minutes. Fifty-five percent did not take any pain relief medication, 17.2% took acetaminophen, and 11.1% took ibuprofen. Patients who received ondansetron had less revisits (P = 0.000). Subjects with mild-moderate pain treated with acetaminophen or no medication had more revisits (P = 0.000). Conclusions Secondary benign headaches were the most common and very rarely headache as a symptom was associated with life-threatening situations. Antiemetics seem to be efficient ally in the treatment of primary headaches, but it is important to consider alternative pharmacological regimes in patients who present with higher pain scores. ER  - 
Effectiveness of isoniazid preventive therapy on incidence of tuberculosis among HIV-infected adults in programme setting$$$ Background & objectives: As India and other developing countries are scaling up isoniazid preventive therapy (IPT) for people living with HIV (PLHIV) in their national programmes, we studied the feasibility and performance of IPT in terms of treatment adherence, outcome and post-Treatment effect when given under programmatic settings. Methods: A multicentre, prospective pilot study was initiated among adults living with HIV on isoniazid 300 mg with pyridoxine 50 mg after ruling out active tuberculosis (TB). Symptom review and counselling were done monthly during IPT and for six-month post-IPT. The TB incidence rate was calculated and risk factors were identified. Results: Among 4528 adults living with HIV who initiated IPT, 4015 (89%) successfully completed IPT. IPT was terminated in 121 adults (3%) due to grade 2 or above adverse events. Twenty five PLHIVs developed TB while on IPT. The incidence of TB while on IPT was 1.17/100 person-years (p-y) [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.8-1.73] as compared to TB incidence of 2.42/100 p-y (95% CI 1.90-3.10) during the pre-IPT period at these centres (P=0.017). The incidence of TB post-IPT was 0.64/100 p-y (95% CI 0.04-1.12). No single factor was significantly associated with the development of TB. Interpretation & conclusions: Under programmatic settings, completion of IPT treatment was high, adverse events minimal with good post-Treatment protection. After ruling out TB, IPT should be offered to all PLHIVs, irrespective of their antiretroviral therapy (ART) status. Scaling-up of IPT services including active case finding, periodic counselling on adherence and re-Training of ART staff should be prioritized to reduce the TB burden in this community. ER  - 
Comorbidity in an Older Population with Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus: Identification of the Characteristics and Healthcare Utilization of High-Cost Patients$$$ Objectives: Little is known about the specific comorbidities contributing to higher costs in patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), particularly in older cases. We aimed to evaluate the prevalence, type, and cost of comorbidities occurring in older T2DM patients versus older non-T2DM patients, and the factors associated with high cost (HC) T2DM patients. Methods: Retrospective cohort study using information from the Campania Region healthcare database. People aged ≥65 years who received ≥2 prescriptions for antidiabetic drugs were identified as “T2DM patients.” Comorbidities among T2DM and non-T2DM groups were assessed through the RxRiskV Index (modified version). T2DM individuals were classified according to the total cost distribution as HC or “non-high cost.” Two sub-cohorts of HC T2DM patients were assessed: above 90th and 80th percentile of the total cost. Age- and sex-adjusted logistic regression models were created. Results: Among the T2DM cohort, concordant and discordant comorbidities occurred significantly more frequently than in the non-T2DM cohort. Total mean annual cost per T2DM patient due to comorbidities was €7,627 versus €4,401 per non-T2DM patient. Among T2DM patients identified as being above 90th and 80th percentiles of cost distribution, the total annual costs were >€19,577 and >€2,563, respectively. The hospitalization cost was higher for T2DM cases. Strongest predictors of being a HC T2DM patient were having ≥5 comorbidities and renal impairment. Conclusion: HC patients accrued >80% of the total comorbidities cost in older T2DM patients. Integrated care models, with holistic and patient-tailored foci, could achieve more effective T2DM care. ER  - 
Associations between multimorbidity and glycaemia (HbA1c) in people with type 2 diabetes: Cross-sectional study in Australian general practice$$$ Objectives To explore the prevalence of multimorbidity as well as individual and combinations of long-Term conditions (LTCs) in people with type 2 diabetes (T2D) attending Australian general practice, using electronic health record (EHR) data. We also examine the association between multimorbidity condition count (total/concordant(T2D related)/discordant(unrelated)) and glycaemia (glycated haemoglobin, HbA1c). Design Cross-sectional study. Setting Australian general practice. Participants 69 718 people with T2D with a general practice encounter between 2013 and 2015 captured in the MedicineInsight database (EHR Data from 557 general practices and >3.8 million Australian patients). Primary and secondary outcome measures Prevalence of multimorbidity, individual and combinations of LTCs. Multivariable linear regression models used to examine associations between multimorbidity counts and HbA1c (%). Results Mean (SD) age 66.42 (12.70) years, 46.1% female and mean (SD) HbA1c 7.1 (1.4)%. More than 90% of participants with T2D were living with multimorbidity. Discordant conditions were more prevalent (83.4%) than concordant conditions (69.9 %). The three most prevalent discordant conditions were: painful conditions (55.4%), dyspepsia (31.6%) and depression (22.8%). The three most prevalent concordant conditions were hypertension (61.4%), coronary heart disease (17.1%) and chronic kidney disease (8.5%). The three most common combinations of conditions were: painful conditions and hypertension (38.8%), painful conditions and dyspepsia (23.1%) and hypertension and dyspepsia (22.7%). We found no associations between any multimorbidity counts (total, concordant and discordant) or combinations and HbA1c. Conclusions Multimorbidity was common in our cohort of people with T2D attending Australian general practice, but was not associated with glycaemia. Although we did not explore mortality in this study, our results suggest that the increased mortality in those with multimorbidity and T2D observed in other studies may not be linked to glycaemia. Interestingly, discordant conditions were more prevalent than concordant conditions with painful conditions being the second most common comorbidity. Better understanding of the implications of different patterns of multimorbidity in people with T2D will allow more effective tailored care. ER  - 
Electroencephalographic Abnormalites in SARS-CoV-2 Patients$$$ Viral infection with SARS-CoV-2 has a neurological tropism that may induce an encephalopathy. In this context, electroencephalographic exploration (EEG) is indicated as a diagnostic argument correlated with lumbar puncture, biology, and imaging. We performed a retrospective analysis of 42 patients explored by EEG and infected by COVID-19, according to the EEG abnormalities and clinical signs that motivated the examination. Confusion and epileptic seizures were the most common clinical indications, with 64% of the patients displaying these symptoms. The EEG was altered in 85% of the cases of confusion, in 57% of the cases of epileptic symptoms (general or focal seizure or prolonged loss of contact) and 20% of the cases of malaise or brief loss of consciousness. Nine EEG (21%) were in favor of an encephalopathy, two had de novo alterations in persistent consciousness and two had alterations in general states of confusion; one was very agitated and without history of epilepsy and combined eyelids clonia while a second one exhibited unconsciousness with left hemicorpus clonus. Two were being investigated for delayed awakening without sedation for more than 24 h. All of these patients were diagnosed COVID-19, some of them with associated mild to severe respiratory disorders. This work shows the interest of the EEG in exploring COVID-19 patients suffering from neurological or general symptoms looking for cerebral alteration. ER  - 
Clinical Forms and GRIN2A Genotype of Severe End of Epileptic-Aphasia Spectrum Disorder$$$ Objective: This study aims to analyze the electroclinical characteristics and gene test results of children on the severe end of the epilepsy aphasia spectrum (EAS) and also the correlation of EAS-related GRIN2A genes to explore the genotype-phenotype relationships, as well as potential pathogenic mechanism of EAS. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted on the participants diagnosed with Landau-Kleffner syndrome (LKS), epileptic encephalopathy with continuous spike-and-wave during sleep (CSWS), and atypical benign partial epilepsy (ABPE) at the Children's Hospital of Chongqing Medical University from January 2013 to June 2019. Whole-exome sequencing was performed in six patients, and epileptic panel was carried out in two. In addition, we reviewed all the published literatures reporting EAS patients with pathogenic variants until June 2019 and conducted Gene Ontology (GO) analysis, as well as protein-protein interaction (PPI) network. Results: The mean age at seizure onset was 55.4 ± 27.0 months. The baseline severity of the spike-wave index (SWI) was not significantly correlated with intellectual disability (ID) level. Two pathogenic de novo GRIN2A null variants were identified in patients with ABPE who had less severe ID, despite the electrical status epilepticus during slow-wave sleep (ESES). By literature reviewing, 18 GRIN2A missense mutations and 11 GRIN2A truncating mutations which lead to N-methyl-d-aspartate receptors' loss of function has been reported. Of these mutations, 9 (31.0%) are situated in amino (N)-terminal domain, 6 (20.7%) in linger-binding domain S1, and 10 (34.5%) in linger-binding domain S2. EAS-related genes were enriched in the biological process of chemical synaptic transmission and vocalization (FDR, <0.01). The hub protein in PPI network is GluN2A, which might affect language function via foxp2-srpx2/uPAR signal network. Conclusion: Our data suggested that when children suspected with benign epilepsy of children with centrotemporal spikes (BECTs) have early-onset age, changed seizure semiology, and deterioration of behavior/cognition/motor function, neurologists should be alert of the appearance of ESES. The neuropsychological deterioration in children with EAS might not only be completely affected by electric discharge severity but also genetic etiology. Our finding also enforced the current genotype-phenotype relationship theory about EAS. For EAS children, GRIN2A-FOXP2-SRPX2/uPAR signal network might contribute to the mechanism of their language deficit. ER  - 
Changes of Phenotypic Pattern in Functional Movement Disorders: A Prospective Cohort Study$$$ Introduction: Functional movement disorders (FMD) refer to a group of movement disorders that present with clinical characteristics incongruent to those due to established pathophysiologic processes, as for example in the case of neurodegeneration or lesions. The aim of this study was to assess clinical features that contribute to the specific phenotypic presentations and disease course of FMD. Methods: The study consisted of 100 patients with FMD treated at Clinic for Neurology, Clinical Center of Serbia, who were longitudinally observed. Comprehensive clinical and psychiatric assessment was performed at the baseline, when initial FMD phenotype was defined. Follow-up assessment of phenotypic pattern over the time and clinical course was done after 3.2 ± 2.5 years at average. Results: We showed that 48% of FMD patients were prone to changes of phenotypic pattern during the disease course. Dystonia had tendency to remains as single and unchanged phenotype over the time (68.2%), while patients initially presented with Tremor, Gait disorder, Parkinsonism and Mixed phenotype were more susceptible to developing additional symptoms (62.5, 50, and 100%, respectively). Higher levels of somatoform experiences (p = 0.033, Exp(B) = 1.082) and higher motor severity (p = 0.040, Exp(B) = 1.082) at baseline assessment were associated with an increased likelihood of further enriching of FMD phenotype with additional functional symptoms. Also, these patients more frequently reported pain, and had higher scores on majority of applied psychiatric scales, together with more frequent presence of major depressive disorder. Conclusion: Results from this prospective study suggested tendency for progression and enrichment of functional symptoms in FMD patients over time. Besides functional core symptoms, other key psychological and physical features (like pain or multiple somatisations) were quite relevant for chronicity and significant dysability of FMD patients. ER  - 
Survey of canine use and safety of isoxazoline parasiticides$$$ A veterinarian and pet owner survey (Project Jake) examined the use and safety of isoxazoline parasiticides given to dogs. Data were received during August 1–31, 2018 from a total of 2,751 survey responses. Forty-two percent (1,157) reported no flea treatment or adverse events (AE), while 58% (1594) had been treated with some parasiticide for flea control, and of those that received a parasiticide, the majority, or 83% (1,325), received an isooxazoline. When any flea treatment was given, AE were reported for 66.6% of respondents, with no apparent AE noted for 36.1%. Project Jake findings were compared to a retrospective analysis of publicly available Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA) reported AE. The number of total AE reported to FDA and EMA were comparable, although a 7 to 10 times higher occurrence of death and seizures was reported from the EMA or from outside the United States (US). Serious AE responses for death, seizures and neurological effects reported in our survey were higher than the FDA but moderately lower than the EMA reports. These sizable global data sets combined with this pre- and post-parasiticide administration survey indicated that isoxazoline neurotoxicity was not flea- and tick-specific. Post-marketing serious AE were much higher than in Investigational New Drug (IND) submissions. Although the labels have recently been updated, dogs, cats and their caregivers remain impacted by their use. These aggregate data reports support the need for continued cross-species studies and critical review of product labelling by regulatory agencies and manufacturers. ER  - 
Levetiracetam as an alternative to phenytoin for second-line emergency treatment of children with convulsive status epilepticus: The eclipse rct$$$ Background: Convulsive status epilepticus is the most common neurological emergency in children. Its management is important to avoid or minimise neurological morbidity and death. The current first-choice second-line drug is phenytoin (Epanutin, Pfizer Inc., New York, NY, USA), for which there is no robust scientific evidence. Objective: To determine whether phenytoin or levetiracetam (Keppra, UCB Pharma, Brussels, Belgium) is the more clinically effective intravenous second-line treatment of paediatric convulsive status epilepticus and to help better inform its management. Design: A multicentre parallel-group randomised open-label superiority trial with a nested mixed-method study to assess recruitment and research without prior consent. Setting: Participants were recruited from 30 paediatric emergency departments in the UK. Participants: Participants aged 6 months to 17 years 11 months, who were presenting with convulsive status epilepticus and were failing to respond to first-line treatment. Interventions: Intravenous levetiracetam (40 mg/kg) or intravenous phenytoin (20 mg/kg). Main outcome measures: Primary outcome – time from randomisation to cessation of all visible signs of convulsive status epilepticus. Secondary outcomes – further anticonvulsants to manage the convulsive status epilepticus after the initial agent, the need for rapid sequence induction owing to ongoing convulsive status epilepticus, admission to critical care and serious adverse reactions. Results: Between 17 July 2015 and 7 April 2018, 286 participants were randomised, treated and consented. A total of 152 participants were allocated to receive levetiracetam and 134 participants to receive phenytoin. Convulsive status epilepticus was terminated in 106 (70%) participants who were allocated to levetiracetam and 86 (64%) participants who were allocated to phenytoin. Median time from randomisation to convulsive status epilepticus cessation was 35 (interquartile range 20–not assessable) minutes in the levetiracetam group and 45 (interquartile range 24–not assessable) minutes in the phenytoin group (hazard ratio 1.20, 95% confidence interval 0.91 to 1.60; p = 0.2). Results were robust to prespecified sensitivity analyses, including time from treatment commencement to convulsive status epilepticus termination and competing risks. One phenytoin-treated participant experienced serious adverse reactions. Limitations: First, this was an open-label trial. A blinded design was considered too complex, in part because of the markedly different infusion rates of the two drugs. Second, there was subjectivity in the assessment of ‘cessation of all signs of continuous, rhythmic clonic activity’ as the primary outcome, rather than fixed time points to assess convulsive status epilepticus termination. However, site training included simulated demonstration of seizure cessation. Third, the time point of randomisation resulted in convulsive status epilepticus termination prior to administration of trial treatment in some cases. This affected both treatment arms equally and had been prespecified at the design stage. Last, safety measures were a secondary outcome, but the trial was not powered to demonstrate difference in serious adverse reactions between treatment groups. Conclusions: Levetiracetam was not statistically superior to phenytoin in convulsive status epilepticus termination rate, time taken to terminate convulsive status epilepticus or frequency of serious adverse reactions. The results suggest that it may be an alternative to phenytoin in the second-line management of paediatric convulsive status epilepticus. Simple trial design, bespoke site training and effective leadership were found to facilitate practitioner commitment to the trial and its success. We provide a framework to optimise recruitment discussions in paediatric emergency medicine trials. ER  - 
Epilepsy and Electroencephalographic Abnormalities in SATB2-Associated Syndrome$$$ Background: Seizures are an under-reported feature of the SATB2-associated syndrome phenotype. We describe the electroencephalographic findings and seizure semiology and treatment in a population of individuals with SATB2-associated syndrome. Methods: We performed a retrospective review of 101 individuals with SATB2-associated syndrome who were reported to have had a previous electroencephalographic study to identify those who had at least one reported abnormal result. For completeness, a supplemental survey was distributed to the caregivers and input from the treating neurologist was obtained whenever possible. Results: Forty-one subjects were identified as having at least one prior abnormal electroencephalography. Thirty-eight individuals (93%) had epileptiform discharges, 28 (74%) with central localization. Sleep stages were included as part of the electroencephalographies performed in 31 individuals (76%), and epileptiform activity was recorded during sleep in all instances (100%). Definite clinical seizures were diagnosed in 17 individuals (42%) with a mean age of onset of 3.2 years (four months to six years), and focal seizures were the most common type of seizure observed (42%). Six subjects with definite clinical seizures needed polytherapy (35%). Delayed myelination and/or abnormal white matter hyperintensities were seen on neuroimaging in 19 individuals (61%). Conclusions: Epileptiform abnormalities are commonly seen in individuals with SATB2-associated syndrome. A baseline electroencephalography that preferably includes sleep stages is recommended during the initial evaluation of all individuals with SATB2-associated syndrome, regardless of clinical suspicion of epilepsy. ER  - 
Epilepsy With Myoclonic Atonic Seizures: Why Is the Yield of Genetic Testing for a “Presumed Genetic” Epilepsy Low?$$$ Phenotypic and Genetic Spectrum of Epilepsy With Myoclonic Atonic Seizures Tang S, Addis L, Smith A, Topp SD, Pendziwiat M, Mei D, Parker A, Agrawal S, Hughes E, Lascelles K, Williams RE, Fallon P, Robinson R, Cross HJ, Hedderly T, Eltze C, Kerr T, Desurkar A, Hussain N, Kinali M, Bagnasco I, Vassallo G, Whitehouse W, Goyal S, Absoud M, EuroEPINOMICS-RES Consortium, Møller RS, Helbig I, Weber, YG, Marini C, Guerrini R, Simpson MA, Pal DK. Epilepsia. 2020;61(5):995-1007. doi: 10.1111/epi.16508 Objective: We aimed to describe the extent of neurodevelopmental impairments and identify the genetic etiologies in a large cohort of patients with epilepsy with myoclonic atonic seizures (MAEs). Methods: We deeply phenotyped patients with MAE for epilepsy features, intellectual disability, autism spectrum disorder, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder using standardized neuropsychological instruments. We performed exome analysis (whole exome sequencing) filtered on epilepsy and neuropsychiatric gene sets to identify genetic etiologies. Results: We analyzed 101 patients with MAE (70% male). The median age of seizure onset was 34 months (range = 6-72 months). The main seizure types were myoclonic atonic or atonic in 100%, generalized tonic-clonic in 72%, myoclonic in 69%, absence in 60%, and tonic seizures in 19% of patients. We observed intellectual disability in 62% of patients, with extremely low adaptive behavioral scores in 69%. In addition, 24% exhibited symptoms of autism and 37% exhibited attention-deficit/hyperactivity symptoms. We discovered pathogenic variants in 12 (14%) of 85 patients, including 5 previously published patients. These were pathogenic genetic variants in SYNGAP1 (n = 3), KIAA2022 (n = 2), and SLC6A1 (n = 2), as well as KCNA2, SCN2A, STX1B, KCNB1, and MECP2 (n = 1 each). We also identified 3 new candidate genes, ASH1L, CHD4, and SMARCA2 in 1 patient each. Significance: MAE is associated with significant neurodevelopmental impairment. MAE is genetically heterogeneous, and we identified a pathogenic genetic etiology in 14% of this cohort by exome analysis. These findings suggest that MAE is a manifestation of several etiologies rather than a discrete syndromic entity. ER  - 
Clinical Correlates of Functional Motor Disorders: An Italian Multicenter Study$$$ Background: Functional motor disorders (FMDs) are abnormal movements that are significantly altered by distractive maneuvers and are incongruent with movement disorders seen in typical neurological diseases. Objective: The objectives of this article are to (1) describe the clinical manifestations of FMDs, including nonmotor symptoms and occurrence of other functional neurological disorders (FND); and (2) to report the frequency of isolated and combined FMDs and their relationship with demographic and clinical variables. Methods: For this multicenter, observational study, we enrolled consecutive outpatients with a definite diagnosis of FMDs attending 25 tertiary movement disorders centers in Italy. Each patient underwent a detailed clinical evaluation with a definition of the phenotype and number of FMDs (isolated, combined) and an assessment of associated neurological and psychiatric symptoms. Results: Of 410 FMDs (71% females; mean age, 47 ± 16.1 years) the most common phenotypes were weakness and tremor. People with FMDs had higher educational levels than the general population and frequent nonmotor symptoms, especially anxiety, fatigue, and pain. Almost half of the patients with FMDs had other FNDs, such as sensory symptoms, nonepileptic seizures, and visual symptoms. Patients with combined FMDs showed a higher burden of nonmotor symptoms and more frequent FNDs. Multivariate regression analysis showed that a diagnosis of combined FMDs was more likely to be delivered by a movement disorders neurologist. Also, FMD duration, pain, insomnia, diagnosis of somatoform disease, and treatment with antipsychotics were all significantly associated with combined FMDs. Conclusions: Our findings highlight the need for multidimensional assessments in patients with FMDs given the high frequency of nonmotor symptoms and other FNDs, especially in patients with combined FMDs. ER  - 
Dissociations and Cognitive Distortions: True, True, and Possibly Related$$$ Cognitive Behavioural Therapy for Adults With Dissociative Seizures (CODES): A Pragmatic, Multicentre, Randomized Controlled Trial. Goldstein LH, Robinson EJ, Mellers JDC, et al Lancet Psych. 2020;7(6):491-505. doi:10.1016/S2215-0366(20)30128-0. Background: Dissociative seizures are paroxysmal events resembling epilepsy or syncope with characteristic features that allow them to be distinguished from other medical conditions. We aimed to compare the effectiveness of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) plus standardized medical care with standardized medical care alone for the reduction of dissociative seizure frequency. Methods: In this pragmatic, parallel-arm, multicenter, randomized controlled trial, we initially recruited participants at 27 neurology or epilepsy services in England, Scotland, and Wales. Adults (≥18 years) who had dissociative seizures in the previous 8 weeks and no epileptic seizures in the previous 12 months were subsequently randomly assigned (1:1) from 17 liaison or neuropsychiatry services following psychiatric assessment, to receive standardized medical care or CBT plus standardized medical care, using a web-based system. Randomization was stratified by neuropsychiatry or liaison psychiatry recruitment site. The trial manager, chief investigator, all treating clinicians, and patients were aware of treatment allocation, but outcome data collectors and trial statisticians were unaware of treatment allocation. Patients were followed up 6 months and 12 months after randomization. The primary outcome was monthly dissociative seizure frequency (ie, frequency in the previous 4 weeks) assessed at 12 months. Secondary outcomes assessed at 12 months were seizure severity (intensity) and bothersomeness; longest period of seizure freedom in the previous 6 months; complete seizure freedom in the previous 3 months; a greater than 50% reduction in seizure frequency relative to baseline; changes in dissociative seizures (rated by others); health-related quality of life; psychosocial functioning; psychiatric symptoms, psychological distress, and somatic symptom burden; and clinical impression of improvement and satisfaction. P values and statistical significance for outcomes were reported without correction for multiple comparisons as per our protocol. Primary and secondary outcomes were assessed in the intention-to-treat population with multiple imputation for missing observations. This trial is registered with the International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial registry, ISRCTN05681227, and ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02325544. Findings: Between January 16, 2015, and May 31, 2017, we randomly assigned 368 patients to receive CBT plus standardized medical care (n = 186) or standardized medical care alone (n = 182); of whom 313 had primary outcome data at 12 months (156 [84%] of 186 patients in the CBT plus standardized medical care group and 157 [86%] of 182 patients in the standardized medical care group). At 12 months, no significant difference in monthly dissociative seizure frequency was identified between the groups (median: 4 seizures [interquartile range: 0–-0] in the CBT plus standardized medical care group vs 7 seizures [1-35] in the standardized medical care group; estimated incidence rate ratio [IRR]: 0.78 [95% CI: 0·56-1.09]; P =.144). Dissociative seizures were rated as less bothersome in the CBT plus standardized medical care group than the standardized medical care group (estimated mean difference: −0.53 [95% CI: −0.97 to −0.08]; P =.020). The CBT plus standardized medical care group had a longer period of dissociative seizure freedom in the previous 6 months (estimated IRR: 1.64 [95% CI: 1.22-2.20]; P =.001), reported better health-related quality of life on the EuroQoL-5 Dimensions-5 Level Health Today visual analog scale (estimated mean difference: 6.16 [95% CI: 1.48-10.84]; P =.010), less impairment in psychosocial functioning on the Work and Social Adjustment Scale (estimated mean difference: −4.12 [95% CI: −6·35 to −1.89]; P <.001), less overall psychological distress than the standardized medical care group on the Clinical Outcomes in Routine Evaluation-10 scale (estimated mean difference: −1.65 [95% CI: −2.96 to −0.35]; P =.013), and fewer somatic symptoms on the modified Patient Health Questionnaire-15 scale (estimated mean difference: −1.67 [95% CI: −2.90 to −0.44]; P =.008). Clinical improvement at 12 months was greater in the CBT plus standardized medical care group than the standardized medical care alone group as reported by patients (estimated mean difference: 0.66 [95% CI: 0.26-1.04]; P =.001) and by clinicians (estimated mean difference: 0·47 [95% CI: 0.21-0.73]; P <.001), and the CBT plus standardized medical care group had greater satisfaction with treatment than did the standardized medical care group (estimated mean difference: 0.90 [95% CI: 0.48-1.31]; P <.001). No significant differences in patient-reported seizure severity (estimated mean difference: −0·11 [95% CI: −0.50 to 0.29]; P =.593) or seizure freedom in the last 3 months of the study (estimated odds ratio [OR]: 1.77 [95% CI: 0.93-3.37]; P =.083) were identified between the groups. Furthermore, there were no significant differences in dissociative seizure frequency reduction compared with baseline (OR: 1.27 [95% CI: 0.80-2.02]; P =.313). Additionally, the 12-item Short Form survey–version 2 scores (estimated mean difference for the Physical Component Summary score: 1.78 [95% CI: −0.37 to 3.92]; P =.105; estimated mean difference for the Mental Component Summary score: 2.22 [95% CI: −0.30 to 4.75]; P =.084), the Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 Scale score (estimated mean difference: −1·09 [95% CI: −2.27 to 0.09]; P =.069), and the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 Scale depression score (estimated mean difference: −1.10 [95% CI: −2.41 to 0.21]; P =.099) did not differ significantly between groups. Changes in dissociative seizures (rated by others) could not be assessed due to insufficient data. During the 12-month period, the number of adverse events was similar between the groups: 57 (31%) of 186 participants in the CBT plus standardized medical care group reported 97 adverse events and 53 (29%) of 182 participants in the standardized medical care group reported 79 adverse events. Interpretation: Cognitive behavioral therapy plus standardized medical care had no statistically significant advantage compared with standardized medical care alone for the reduction of monthly seizures. However, improvements were observed in a number of clinically relevant secondary outcomes following CBT plus standardized medical care when compared with standardized medical care alone. Thus, adults with dissociative seizures might benefit from the addition of dissociative seizure-specific CBT to specialist care from neurologists and psychiatrists. Future work is needed to identify patients who would benefit most from a dissociative seizure-specific CBT approach. ER  - 
Treatment of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) using video telehealth$$$ Objective: Previous studies have shown the effectiveness of manual-based treatment for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), but access to mental health care still remains a problem, especially for patients living in areas without medical professionals who treat conversion disorder. Thus, we evaluated patients treated with cognitive behavioral therapy–informed psychotherapy for seizures with clinical video telehealth (CVT). We evaluated neuropsychiatric and seizure treatment outcomes in veterans diagnosed with PNES seen remotely via telehealth. We hypothesized that seizures and comorbidities will improve with treatment. Methods: This was a single-arm, prospective, observational, cohort, consecutive outpatient study. Patients with video-electroencephalography–confirmed PNES (n = 32) documented their seizure counts daily and comorbid symptoms prospectively over the course of treatment. Treatment was provided using a 12-session manual-based psychotherapy treatment given once per week, via CVT with a clinician at the Providence Veterans Affairs Medical Center. Results: The primary outcome, seizure reduction, was 46% (P =.0001) per month over the course of treatment. Patients also showed significant improvements in global functioning (Global Assessment of Functioning, P = <.0001), quality of life (Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory–31, P =.0088), and health status scales (Short Form 36 Health Survey, P <.05), and reductions in both depression (Beck Depression Inventory–II, P =.0028) and anxiety (Beck Anxiety Inventory, P =.0013) scores. Significance: Patients with PNES treated remotely with manual-based seizure therapy decreased seizure frequency and comorbid symptoms and improved functioning using telehealth. These results suggest that psychotherapy via telehealth for PNES is a viable option for patients across the nation, eliminating one of the many barriers of access to mental health care. ER  - 
Starting stiripentol in adults with Dravet syndrome? Watch for ammonia and carnitine$$$ Objective: Dravet syndrome (DS) is a rare cause of severe and pharmacoresistant epileptic encephalopathy. Stiripentol (STP) has a significant therapeutic benefit in the pediatric DS population. However, STP effects on adult patients have not been well studied. In our adult STP-naive DS patient population, STP initiation was associated with encephalopathy, despite decreases in valproate and clobazam dosage. Here we explored the cause and treatment of encephalopathic manifestations associated with STP in adults. Methods: Twenty-eight patients with a confirmed clinical and genetic diagnosis of DS who attended the Adult Epilepsy Genetics Clinic were identified retrospectively. Patients who declined or discontinued STP after fewer than 3 months of use, patients who were deceased before starting STP or seizure-free when the genetic diagnosis was confirmed, and those who started STP before leaving the pediatric system (<18 years) were excluded. Levels of ammonia, carnitine, and other anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) were observed for patients receiving STP. Patients with high ammonia levels who received carnitine supplementation were reevaluated. They were also offered an increased dosage of stiripentol if treatment with carnitine improved the encephalopathy. Results: We observed hyperammonemic encephalopathy in 77% of patients treated with STP. In seven of nine patients, we observed a rate of improvement in ammonia levels of 35% (95% confidence interval [CI] 21%–49%) at a mean carnitine dose of 991 ± 286 mg/d (range 660-1320 mg/d). Five patients whose ammonia levels normalized were also offered an increase in STP dose and they were able to tolerate higher doses with improvement in side effects. Despite such adjustments, the mean maximum stiripentol dose reached was 14.89 ± 8.72 mg/kg/d, which is lower than what is typically recommended in children (50 mg/kg/d). Significance: We report hyperammonemia in adult STP-naive patients who were on valproate and clobazam, despite dose reduction of the latter drugs. We also report that treatment with carnitine improved hyperammonemia, allowing the continuation of STP. ER  - 
Effect of lifetime antiepileptic drug treatment history on efficacy and tolerability of adjunctive brivaracetam in adults with focal seizures: Post-hoc analysis of a randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV) in adults with focal seizures by the number of lifetime (previous and concomitant) antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Methods: Post-hoc analysis of data from N01358 (NCT01261325), a randomized, double-blind, placebo (PBO)-controlled Phase III trial evaluating BRV 100 and 200 mg/day in patients ≥16 years of age with uncontrolled focal seizures. Efficacy and tolerability outcomes were assessed for the 12-week Treatment Period in subgroups of patients with 1–2, 3–4, 5–6, or ≥7 lifetime AEDs. Results: 764 patients received at least one dose of trial medication (BRV: 503; PBO: 261; Safety Set), of whom 14.3% had 1–2, 20.8% had 3–4, 21.3% had 5–6, and 43.6% had ≥7 lifetime AEDs. In all lifetime AED subgroups, >85% of patients completed the trial. Patients with a higher number of lifetime AEDs had a younger age at epilepsy onset, longer epilepsy duration, and higher baseline seizure frequency. In patients on BRV, 50% responder rates were 49.3%, 44.4%, 47.2% and 27.4% in patients with 1–2 (n = 75), 3–4 (n = 99), 5–6 (n = 108) and ≥7 (n = 219) lifetime AEDs; 75% responder rates were 36.0%, 21.2%, 22.2% and 12.3%. In patients on PBO, 50% responder rates were 35.3%, 25.9%, 20.4% and 15.9% in patients with 1–2 (n = 34), 3–4 (n = 58), 5–6 (n = 54) and ≥7 (n = 113) lifetime AEDs; 75% responder rates were 26.5%, 6.9%, 3.7% and 4.4%. The Kaplan-Meier estimated probability of patients achieving a sustained 50% or 75% response from the first day of treatment was generally higher in patients with a lower number of lifetime AEDs (both in patients on BRV and PBO). In patients on adjunctive BRV, the incidence of drug related treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) was 34.7%, 26.0%, 44.4% and 47.7% in patients with 1–2 (n = 75), 3–4 (n = 100), 5–6 (n = 108) and ≥7 (n = 220) lifetime AEDs; the incidence of discontinuations due to TEAEs was 1.3%, 3.0%, 8.3% and 10.5%. Conclusions: This post-hoc analysis suggests a numerically higher response to adjunctive BRV in patients with fewer lifetime AEDs. The lowest response was observed in patients with ≥7 lifetime AEDs, although these patients could also benefit from adjunctive BRV treatment. Patients with fewer lifetime AEDs had lower discontinuation of BRV due to TEAEs. ER  - 
Neurocognitive Profiles of Pediatric Patients with ESES, Generalized Epilepsy, or Focal Epilepsy$$$ To date, the neurocognitive profile and comorbid psychiatric risks associated with ESES, a syndrome that commonly coincides with a seizure disorder, in contrast to generalized or partial/focal epilepsy without ESES remains unclear. Accordingly, this preliminary study aimed to characterize the neurocognitive differences across pediatric patients with ESES, generalized or focal epilepsy, and risk for comorbid diagnoses (mood disorder, autism, intellectual disability, learning disability, ADHD). We included data from a total of 79 pediatric patients, including those with recently diagnosed ESES (N = 12), generalized epilepsy (GE, N = 25), left focal epilepsy (LFE; N = 20), or right focal epilepsy (RFE; N = 22). All patients completed a neurocognitive evaluation as part of their medical workup and treatment for epilepsy. Cognitive domains assessed include intellectual functioning, verbal/non-verbal reasoning, working memory, processing speed, receptive language, learning and memory. Results showed that children with GE performed more poorly across intellectual functioning, verbal and non-verbal reasoning, working memory, processing speed, and receptive vocabulary; whereas, these areas were most preserved among those with RFE. Working memory and processing speed among those recently diagnosed with ESES was also modestly stronger compared to the GE group. A greater proportion of patients with GE met diagnostic criteria for a learning disability relative to other epilepsy types, although the rates of ADHD, autism spectrum, intellectual disability, and mood disorder were comparable across groups. Findings provide supporting evidence that GE may be associated with greater cognitive risks when refractory to treatment, highlighting the need for earlier intervention services to circumvent adverse effects on adaptive and behavioral functioning. Neuropsychological differences between ESES versus other epilepsy subtypes may emerge as a late-effect of the neurological condition and/or related medication treatment, implicating a greater need for developmentally focused investigations. ER  - 
A European questionnaire survey on epilepsy monitoring units' current practice for postoperative psychogenic nonepileptic seizures' detection$$$ Background: In cases undergoing epilepsy surgery, postoperative psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) may be underdiagnosed complicating the assessment of postsurgical seizures' outcome and the clinical management. We conducted a survey to investigate the current practices in the European epilepsy monitoring units (EMUs) and the data that EMUs could provide to retrospectively detect cases with postoperative PNES and to assess the feasibility of a subsequent postoperative PNES research project for cases with postoperative PNES. Methods: We developed and distributed a questionnaire survey to 57 EMUs. Questions addressed the number of patients undergoing epilepsy surgery, the performance of systematic preoperative and postoperative psychiatric evaluation, the recording of sexual or other abuse, the follow-up period of patients undergoing epilepsy surgery, the performance of video-electroencephalogram (EEG) and postoperative psychiatric assessment in suspected postoperative cases with PNES, the existence of electronic databases to allow extraction of cases with postoperative PNES, the data that these bases could provide, and EMUs' interest to participate in a retrospective postoperative PNES project. Results: Twenty EMUs completed the questionnaire sheet. The number of patients operated every year/per center is 26.7 (+ 19.1), and systematic preoperative and postoperative psychiatric evaluation is performed in 75% and 50% of the EMUs accordingly. Sexual or other abuse is systematically recorded in one-third of the centers, and the mean follow-up period after epilepsy surgery is 10.5 ± 7.5 years. In suspected postoperative PNES, video-EEG is performed in 85% and psychiatric assessment in 95% of the centers. An electronic database to allow extraction of patients with PNES after epilepsy surgery is used in 75% of the EMUs, and all EMUs that sent the sheet completed expressed their interest to participate in a retrospective postoperative PNES project. Conclusion: Postoperative PNES is an underestimated and not well-studied entity. This is a European survey to assess the type of data that the EMUs surgical cohorts could provide to retrospectively detect postoperative PNES. In cases with suspected PNES, most EMUs perform video-EEG and psychiatric assessment, and most EMUs use an electronic database to allow extraction of patients developing PNES. ER  - 
Severe obstructive sleep apnea in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is associated with an increased prevalence of mild cognitive impairment$$$ Background: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) are associated with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). However, this association is unclear. This study aimed to assess the prevalence of MCI in patients with overlap syndrome, determine whether OSA increases the risk of MCI in patients with COPD, and investigate the potential mechanisms for this association. Methods: Participants with stable Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) stage 2–4 COPD and complaints of snoring in 2016–2018 were enrolled in this cross-sectional observational study. All were free of asthma, acute left-sided congestive heart failure, unstable coronary heart disease, uncontrolled hypertension, diabetes, encephalitis, and epilepsy. They underwent pulmonary function tests and overnight polysomnography and completed the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA). MCI was defined by an MoCA score of <23, while OSA was defined by an apnea-hypopnea index (AHI) of ≥15 per hour. The association between MCI, demographics, and comorbidities was tested by logistic regression analysis with adjustment for confounders. Sleep-disordered breathing measures were investigated as potential mechanisms underlying this relationship. Results: MCI was significantly more common in patients with overlap syndrome than in those with COPD (40.6% [43/106] vs 24.6% [42/171]). After adjustment, severe OSA was an independent contributor to MCI (odds ratio, OR 2.27; 95% confidence interval, CI 1.12–4.62). Increased percent of night-time spent with oxygen saturation <90% (TSat90) was associated with increased odds of MCI (odds ratio 4.75, 95% CI 2.73–11.13). Conclusions: MCI is more prevalent in overlap syndrome than in COPD. OSA may contribute to MCI in COPD. The mechanism may involve TSat90. ER  - 
Evaluation of anxiety, depression, and sleep quality among parents of children with epilepsy in Southern China$$$ Purpose: The purpose of the study was to evaluate sleep quality in the parents of children with epilepsy (CWE) as well as their symptoms of anxiety and depression in Southern China. Method: A structured questionnaire, comprised of The State–Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI), Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D), and the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), was administered to parents of CWE (n = 234) in Xiangya Hospital and parents of healthy children (n = 230) during 2019–2020. Results: The scores (Mean ± SD) of State Anxiety Inventory (S-AI) and Trait Anxiety Inventory (T-AI) among parents of CWE were 51.850 ± 11.380 and 48.201 ± 9.526, respectively, which were significantly higher than those of control group (37.172 ± 8.047 and 37.478 ± 7.314, respectively) (p < 0.001). Compared with 10.84% in parents of healthy children, 23.51% of parents of CWE had symptoms of depression (p < 0.001). The mean score of total PSQI among parents of CWE (6.944 ± 3.814) was statistically higher than that of parents of healthy children (5.039 ± 3.390) (p < 0.001). Moreover, anxiety and depression subscores among parents of infants with epilepsy were significantly higher than in other groups. The T-AI and CES-D could explain 43.9% of the variance (R2 = 0.444, F = 92.215, p < 0.001) on the PSQI. Conclusions: Our study showed more severe symptoms of anxiety and depression as well as poorer sleep quality among parents of CWE, especially in the infants group. In light of this information, more attention should be paid to early identification and intervention of symptoms of anxiety and depression in susceptible parents who are the main caregivers of their CWE. ER  - 
Can seizure-related heart rate differentiate epileptic from psychogenic nonepileptic seizures?$$$ Objectives: We aimed to (1) determine if seizure-related heart rate (HR) differentiates epileptic seizures (ES) from psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES); (2) define the most useful point of the following HR measurements: preictal, ictal-onset, maximal-ictal, or postictal; and (3) delineate the optimal HR cutoff points (absolute HR and relative HR increase) to differentiate ES from PNES. Methods: All video-electroencephalography (VEEG) recorded at an Australian tertiary hospital from May 2009 to November 2015 were retrospectively reviewed. Baseline (during rest and wakefulness), 1-min preictal, ictal-onset, maximal-ictal, and 1-min postictal HR were measured for each ES and PNES event. Events lasting < 10 s or with uninterpretable electrocardiogram (ECG) due to artifacts were excluded. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis was performed to assess the diagnostic accuracy of HR reflected by the area under the curve (AUC). Results: Video-electroencephalography of 341 ES and 265 PNES from 130 patients were analyzed. The AUC for preictal, ictal-onset, maximal-ictal, and postictal HR were found to have poor differentiation between all types of ES and PNES. However, comparing bilateral tonic–clonic ES and PNES, AUC for absolute maximal-ictal HR was 0.84 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.73–0.95) and for absolute postictal HR was 0.90 (95% CI: 0.81–1.00) indicating good diagnostic discrimination. Using Youden's index to diagnose tonic–clonic ES, the optimal cutoff point for absolute maximal-ictal HR was 114 bpm (sensitivity: 84%, specificity: 82%) and for absolute postictal HR was 90 bpm (sensitivity: 91%, specificity: 82%). Conclusion: These findings suggest that seizure-related HR is useful in differentiating bilateral tonic–clonic ES from PNES. Based on the AUC, the best diagnostic measurements are maximal-ictal and postictal HR. ER  - 
Testing an app-based intervention to improve insomnia in patients with epilepsy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Purpose: Insomnia has adverse effects on people with epilepsy. We aimed to test a novel cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (CBT-I) app-based intervention on insomnia symptoms and social psychological factors in people with epilepsy and to examine the possible mechanisms among the factors. Methods: Participants were recruited from neurology clinics in Iran and comprised individuals diagnosed with epilepsy and having moderate to severe insomnia. A two-arm randomized controlled trial design was used, consisting of a treatment group (CBT-I; n = 160) and control group (patient education; n = 160). Primary outcomes were self-reported sleep quality, insomnia severity, and sleep hygiene behavior and objective sleep characteristics measured by actigraphy. Secondary outcomes were attitude, perceived behavioral control, intention, action planning, coping planning, behavioral automaticity, self-monitoring, anxiety, depression, and quality of life (QoL). All outcomes were measured at baseline, and at one, three, and six months postintervention, except objective sleep, which was assessed at baseline, and one and six months postintervention. Data were analyzed using linear mixed models. Results: Current findings showed that sleep quality, insomnia severity, sleep hygiene behavior, and sleep onset latency were significantly improved in the CBT-I group compared with the patient education group at all measurement points. Also, the CBT-I group had significantly improved anxiety, depression, and QoL compared with the patient education group. Mediation analyses showed that attitude, intention, coping planning, self-monitoring, and behavioral automaticity significantly mediated the effect of the intervention on sleep outcomes. Conclusion: Results support the use of the CBT-I app to improve sleep outcomes among people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Quality of life and stigma in Lebanese people with epilepsy taking medication$$$ Background: Epilepsy is among the more stigmatising diseases, leading to a negative impact on the quality of life (QoL) of people with epilepsy (PWE). Assessment of the QoL and stigma in PWE reflects the outcome of their disease, and the findings can be used to improve the management of epilepsy. To fill a gap in the literature, our primary aim is to evaluate the QoL and stigma in Lebanese PWE, and our secondary aim is to identify factors affecting these parameters. Material and methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted for 1 year in Greater Beirut. PWE were interviewed by using a standardised questionnaire. QoL was evaluated by the QoL in Epilepsy Inventory-10 (QOLIE-10), and the stigma was evaluated by the Jacoby scale. Multivariate analyses were used to identify the factors associated with QoL and stigma. Results: The sample was 404 PWE. More than half of the PWE (61.4 %) had a better QoL than the other PWE (mean QOLIE-10 score of 26.9 ± 11.3), and 47.8 % of PWE felt stigmatised. Linear regression showed that presence of psychiatric comorbidities (p = 0.03), stigma (p < 0.001), experiencing side effects (p = 0.001), polytherapy (p = 0.002), living in a northern area (p = 0.003), and older age (p = 0.004) were the major factors associated with a poor QoL. Logistic regression showed that a low level of QoL (p = 0.005) and experiencing side effects (p = 0.045) were associated with a high level of stigma. Conclusions: An appropriate treatment based on a monotherapy can reduce the risk of side effects, improving QoL of PWE, and decreasing stigma. Furthermore, the management of depression by specialists is an essential step to improve the QoL of Lebanese PWE. Education programmes and information on epilepsy and treatment also play a major role in reducing stigma. ER  - 
Insomnia is less prevalent and less severe, independent of depressive symptoms, in patients with epilepsy treated with perampanel as an adjuvant$$$ Purpose: The potential benefit of perampanel for sleep disturbances is unknown. This study determined whether insomnia is less prevalent and less severe in patients with epilepsy (PWE) who take perampanel as an adjuvant. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in adults with epilepsy. Insomnia in patients treated or not treated with perampanel was diagnosed according to the criteria of the International Classification of Sleep Disorders, the third edition (ICSD-3) and the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI). Patients were also scored on the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), and Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7), and the groups were compared by stepwise linear or logistic regression analyses. Results: One hundred and twenty-six PWE were included in the study: 31 patients (24.6%) were taking perampanel. Insomnia was diagnosed in 15.9% and 20.6% of all patients according to the ICSD-3 and an ISI score of ≥ 15, respectively. Agreement between the two diagnostic methods was moderate (Cohen's kappa, 0.470). In a stepwise logistic regression model, insomnia diagnosed by either method was negatively associated with perampanel use (P < 0.05) but positively correlated with depressive symptoms, anxiety, and duration of epilepsy. In a stepwise linear regression model, ISI scores correlated negatively with perampanel use (P = 0.004) but positively with depressive symptoms (P < 0.001) and anxiety (P = 0.001). Conclusions: Insomnia is less prevalent and less severe in PWE treated with perampanel independent of depressive symptoms, which will be helpful for treating PWE and comorbid sleep disturbances. ER  - 
Influence of the COVID-19 outbreak in people with epilepsy: Analysis of a Spanish population (EPICOVID registry)$$$ Background: The aim of this study was to have a better understanding of the influence of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic in people with epilepsy (PWE) and to assess whether there have been changes in seizure control during the current COVID-19 outbreak, exploring the possible causes thereof. Methods: This is an observational, retrospective study based on prospective data collection of 100 successive patients who attended an epilepsy outpatient clinic either face-to-face or telephonically during the months of the COVID-19 outbreak and national state of emergency. Results: One hundred patients were included, 52% women, mean age 42.4 years. During the COVID-19 period, 27% of the patients presented an increase of > 50% of seizure frequency. An increase of stress/anxiety (odds ratios (OR): 5.78; p = 0.008) and a prior higher seizure frequency (OR: 12.4; p = 0.001) were associated with worsening of seizures. Other risk factors were exacerbation of depression, sleep deprivation, less physical activity, and history of epilepsy surgery. Three patients had status epilepticus (SE) and one a cluster of seizures. Likewise, 9% of patients improved their seizure control. Reduction in stress/anxiety (OR: 0.05; p = 0.03) and recent adjustment of antiepileptics (OR: 0.07; p = 0.01) acted as protecting factors. Conclusions: A high proportion of PWE suffered a significant worsening of their seizure control during the months of the COVID-19 pandemic. Emotional distress due to home confinement was the main factor for the change in seizure control. Promoting physical activity and adequate sleep may minimize the potential impact of the pandemic in PWE. Ensuring correct follow-up can prevent decompensation in those PWE at high risk. ER  - 
Family cohesion is differently associated with felt stigma depending on enacted stigma in adults with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: There have been little researches examining the role of family functioning on psychological outcomes in the field of adult epilepsy. We determined whether family functioning is correlated with felt stigma in adults with epilepsy. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, adults with epilepsy and their caregivers were recruited. Data were collected using the Family Adaptability and Cohesion Evaluation Scale (FACES) III, the Family adaptation, partnership, growth, affection, and resolve (APGAR) questionnaire, the Stigma Scale for Epilepsy (SS-E), the modified questionnaire for episodes of discrimination, and the Beck Depression Inventory. Family functioning was measured by the caregivers. Results: A total of 273 adult patients and their primary caregivers were included. Multivariate logistic analyses showed that family cohesion and excellent family functioning were negatively correlated with felt stigma after controlling for confounding variables. Enacted stigma, depressive symptoms, and university education were also significant. Interaction between enacted stigma and family cohesion on felt stigma was significant (p = 0.049). Family cohesion was negatively correlated with felt stigma only in the patients with enacted stigma (p = 0.011). Conclusions: Family functioning especially family cohesion may have protective effects against development of felt stigma in adults with epilepsy. Such protecting effects against felt stigma may be different according to enacted stigma. This understanding is helpful for developing effective psychosocial interventions to reduce felt stigma in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Genetic testing and the phenotype of Polish patients with Unverricht–Lundborg disease (EPM1) — A cohort study$$$ Aim of the study: The aim of this study was to explore genetic findings and the phenotype in Polish patients with Unverricht–Lundborg disease (ULD). Materials and methods: We retrospectively evaluated mutations in the cystatin B (CSTB) gene and clinical presentation in a cohort of patients with ULD. The study population consisted of 19 (14 males) patients with genetically confirmed disease. Results: Sixteen patients were homozygous for the expanded dodecamer repeat mutation alleles, one subject was compound heterozygous for the dodecamer repeat expansion and other mutation, in two, the type of mutation has not yet been established. The numbers of repeats in the CSTB gene varied from 60 to 81. Clinical information was available for 16 subjects. The disease course was progressive in all patients, leading to severe disability, mainly due to myoclonus, in nine. Conclusions and clinical implications: Genetic findings and the clinical picture of our patients with ULD were in accordance with available studies. The most common genetic defect underlying ULD was homozygosity for an unstable expansion of a dodecamer repeat in the CSTB gene. Patients with action or/and stimulus sensitive myoclonus or intractable myoclonus epilepsy, especially with onset in late childhood/adolescence should be screened for ULD. ER  - 
Depression, sleep quality, and social isolation among people with epilepsy in Bhutan: A cross-sectional study$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to analyze the possible contributions of seizure burden, sleep quality, and social integration to depression among people with epilepsy (PWE) in Bhutan. Methods: Bhutan is a lower-middle-income country in Southeast Asia with a public healthcare system without neurologists. People with epilepsy were prospectively recruited from psychiatrist-run epilepsy clinics at the National Referral Hospital in the capital city of Thimphu. Adult participants with epilepsy were interviewed for clinical history, sleep quality using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, social networks using the Berkman–Syme Social Network Index, and depressive symptoms using the Patient Health Questionnaire – 9 (PHQ-9). A multivariable regression model was built to assess the relationship between depression as an outcome and the possible contributors of sleep quality, sex, and seizure in the prior month. Results: Out of 80 participants (39 women, mean age: 29.4 years old, range: 18–56 years, 58 [73%] with a seizure in the previous month), 33% had poor sleep quality, 68% were socially isolated, 30% had a mild depressive symptom burden or more, and 18% reported suicidal ideation at the time of their interview. Women had a higher average PHQ-9 score versus men, which showed a trend towards statistical significance (5.6 versus 3.3 PHQ-9 points, p = 0.07), and on average met criteria for mild depression. Social integration was not significantly associated with sleep quality and had no relationship with depressive burden. There was a small positive correlation between poorer sleep quality and depressive symptoms which showed a trend towards statistical significance (r = 0.21, p = 0.06). In a multivariable regression, poor sleep quality was associated with higher depressive symptom burden, adjusting for participant sex and having a seizure in the previous month (p = 0.01). Conclusions: Our exploratory study disentangles the multilayered psychosocial burden of disease experienced by PWE in Bhutan, a lower-middle-income country with access to antiseizure medications and psychiatrists but not expert epilepsy services or human resources. Further investigation into the interrelationships among social isolation, poor sleep quality, depression, and seizure burden could identify preventable and remediable constituents of this burden. ER  - 
Quality of life in patients with epilepsy or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and the contribution of psychiatric comorbidities$$$ Epilepsy is a common neurological disorder, and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) is an important differential diagnosis. Psychiatric comorbidities are prevalent among people with epilepsy (PWE). Additionally, lower quality of life (QoL) in people with PNES compared with PWE was reported with higher rates of general psychiatric comorbidity. Although there are previous studies evaluating the QoL in patients with epilepsy, this study is unique and compelling because it represents a study comparing PNES and PWE on QoL, depression, and anxiety in a Spanish-speaking group of Argentine patients. The aim of this study was to analyze self-reported anxiety and depression in PWE and PNES and to establish the impact on QoL. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study; QoL was measured using the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31). To study anxiety and depression, the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) was administered. Clinical and complementary data were recorded. Results: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures scored significantly higher in anxiety and depression and with lower levels of QoL compared with PWE. Anxiety and depression had a negative correlation with QoL. Conclusion: Nonepileptic seizures have an even greater impact on QoL than epileptic seizures, and this could be influenced by psychiatric comorbidities. These findings corroborate what other studies in English-speaking nations that have found regarding the impact of psychopathology on QoL in those with PNES and further support the importance of assessing for psychiatric comorbidities to tailor treatment. ER  - 
Marital status in patients with functional (psychogenic nonepileptic) seizures: An international study$$$ Purpose: The study aimed to investigate the marital status in a cohort of patients with functional seizures from seven countries in four continents. Factors associated with marital status were also explored. Methods: Adult patients with functional seizures who were admitted to the epilepsy monitoring units at centers in Iran, Qatar, USA, France, Georgia, Egypt, and United Arab Emirates (UAE) were retrospectively identified. Marital status was assessed in the whole cohort. Results: Four hundred thirty-two patients were included (241 from Iran, 52 from France, 48 from Qatar, 41 from the USA, 19 from UAE, 18 from Egypt, and 13 from Georgia); 302 were women and 130 were men. One hundred fifty (35%) subjects were single, 245 (57%) were married, and 37 (8%) were separated (31 divorced, 7%; 6 widowed, 1%). Auras with functional seizures were less frequently reported by single people in comparison with that by married patients (54% vs. 61%) [odds ratio (OR) = 0.58]. Separated people compared with those who were married less often had auras with their functional seizures (27% vs. 61%; OR = 0.26) and more often reported a history of sexual abuse (49% vs. 12%; OR = 6.14). Conclusion: The marital status has significant associations with the semiology of functional seizures. A history of sexual abuse is significantly associated with being separated and should be inquired and tackled appropriately during the management process of patients with functional seizures. ER  - 
Incremental burden of mental health conditions in adult patients with focal seizures$$$ Introduction: Clinical research has consistently established mental health conditions (MHCs) as frequent comorbidities of epilepsy. However, the extent of economic burden of comorbid MHC in patients with focal seizures has not been systematically investigated. This retrospective cohort analysis of health plan claims compared healthcare use and costs among adult patients with focal seizures with and without comorbid MHC. Methods: We utilized the Inovalon Medical Outcomes Research for Effectiveness and Economics (MORE2) Registry, longitudinal data from over 150 commercial, Medicare Advantage, and managed Medicaid health plans for the analysis, and identified a cohort of patients with focal (partial-onset) seizure with relevant ICD9/10 diagnosis codes with and without MHC. Mental health conditions were defined as diagnoses for anxiety, bipolar condition/mania, attention-deficit conduct condition, major depression, schizophrenia, and other psychotic conditions, and patients without MHC were propensity score-matched to patients with preexisting MHC on baseline patient characteristics. The assessment examined a series of outcomes, including 1) direct healthcare resource utilization and 2) total provider reimbursement. Results: Patients with preexisting MHC were more likely to receive adjunctive epilepsy therapy as well as broad-spectrum antiepileptic drugs/antiseizure medications (ASMs). Additionally, patients with focal seizures and MHC were significantly more likely to utilize high-cost healthcare services. The presence of MHC was associated with approximately 50% greater utilization of emergency department (ED), physician, and inpatient services. Consequently, healthcare expenditures were significantly higher among patients with MHC ($17,596 vs. $10,857; 62% higher, p < 0.001), with the trend consistent across all care settings. Conclusions: This analysis illustrates the health service utilization and cost implications of MHC among patients with focal seizures. The data suggest that patients with MHC have a greater overall clinical burden, which may be associated with higher healthcare resource use and expenditures. Because of the potential burden and costs associated with MHC, neurologists should consider screening patients with focal seizures for mental health disorders to identify and initiate treatment for comorbid mental health disorders. ER  - 
Status and influential factors of anxiety depression and insomnia symptoms in the work resumption period of COVID-19 epidemic: A multicenter cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: In this study, the authors analyzed the status of anxiety depression and insomnia symptoms and influential factors in the work resumption period of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Methods: A multicenter cross-sectional survey was conducted from March 2, 2020 to March 8, 2020 in Shandong Province, China, using quota sampling combined with snowball sampling. The Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7), the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), and the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) were used to assess the anxiety, depression, and insomnia symptoms. The multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to explore the influential factors. Results: A total of 4000 invitations were sent from three centers, 3237 valid questionnaires were received. Based on GAD-7, PHQ-9, and ISI scales, 19.5%–21.7% of the participants had anxiety, depression, or insomnia symptoms; 2.9%–5.6% had severe symptoms. Besides, 2.4%, 4.8%, and 4.5% of the participants had anxiety-depression, anxiety-insomnia, or depression-insomnia combined symptoms. The scores of anxiety and insomnia symptoms, along with scores of depression and insomnia symptoms were positively correlated in these samples. Aged 50–64 years and outside activities once in ≥30 days were risk factors of anxiety, depression, and insomnia symptoms in common. During the epidemic, 17.4% of the participants had received psychological interventions, and only 5.2% had received individual interventions. Conclusions: The incidence of psychological distress increased during the outbreak of COVID-19 in the work resumption period than the normal period. Current psychological interventions were insufficient; target psychological interventions should be conducted in time. ER  - 
Development and validation of a screening questionnaire for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: Epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are serious conditions, associated with substantial morbidity and mortality. Although prompt diagnosis is essential, these conditions are frequently misdiagnosed, delaying appropriate treatment. We developed and validated the Anxiety, Abuse, and Somatization Questionnaire (AASQ), a quick and clinically practical tool to differentiate PNES from epilepsy. Method: We retrospectively identified psychological variables that differentiated epilepsy from PNES in a discovery cohort of patients admitted to a video-electroencephalography monitoring (VEM) unit from 2002 to 2017. From these findings, we developed the AASQ and prospectively validated it in an independent cohort of patients with gold-standard VEM diagnosis. Results: One thousand two hundred ninety-one patients were included in the retrospective study; mean age was 39.5 years (range: 18–99), 58% were female, 67% had epilepsy, and 33% had PNES. Psychometric data for 192 instrument items were reviewed, receiver operating characteristic curves were computed, and a 20-item AASQ was created. Prospective validation in 74 patients showed that a one-point increase in the AASQ score was associated with 11 times increase in the odds of having PNES compared with epilepsy. Low scores on the AASQ were associated with a low probability of PNES with a negative predictive value of 95%. Significance: The AASQ is quick, inexpensive, and clinically useful for workup of seizure disorders. The AASQ excludes PNES with a high degree of confidence and can predict PNES with significance when combined with basic clinicodemographic variables. Future research will investigate diagnostic performance of the AASQ in relevant clinical subgroups, such as patients with comorbid epilepsy and PNES. ER  - 
Comorbid depression and its associated factors in patients with epilepsy treated with single and multiple drug therapy: A cross-sectional study from Himalayan country$$$ Introduction: Depressive disorder is the most common psychiatric comorbidity in individuals with epilepsy (IWE) and is associated with a significant negative impact with increased morbidity and mortality rate. However, the magnitude of comorbid depression in such patients in the Nepalese setting is still poorly understood. Therefore, we aimed to determine the magnitude of depression in individuals diagnosed as having epilepsy and further examine the influencing factors associated with it. Methods: This cross-sectional observational study was conducted from April 2018 to September 2018 at Nepal Epilepsy Center, Lazimpat, Kathmandu, Nepal. One hundred and forty-two eligible subjects were enrolled for analysis. The core outcome variable evaluated in this study was depressive disorder, whereas age, gender, types of epilepsy, frequency of seizures, duration of epilepsy, and drug use were evaluated as covariates. The mean ages of the patients were 31.45 ± 12.05 years, and 87 (61.3%) were male. The prevalence of depression was found to be 31% (95% confidence interval [CI]; lower limit: 23.39% and upper limit: 38.60%), with majority subjects had a mild type of depression, and 63.63% (95% CI; lower limit: 55.05% and upper limit: 70.94%). The frequency of drug use remained a significant predictor for depression in individuals with epilepsy (P = 0.002), and the odds of having depression in individuals receiving polytherapy were 3.82 higher than in those receiving monotherapy (95%: 1.61–9.05, P = 0.002). Conclusion: Our study indicated a high rate of depression in a substantial number of IWE in the Nepalese setting. Polytherapy emerged as an independent predictor for depression. The high coexistence of depression in this vulnerable population and an increased risk for comorbid in polytherapy necessitate incorporating depression screening and proper treatment into the existing epilepsy program. Furthermore, revising treatment guidelines on comorbid depression to reduce polytherapy and encouraging health education on epilepsy to reduce stigma may also be warranted. ER  - 
Seizure threshold manipulation in electroconvulsive therapy via repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. A novel way of augmentation?$$$ Introduction: A high seizure threshold (ST) is an impeding factor in certain patients, potentially preventing a successful electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatment. Several pharmacological and non-pharmacological methods have been put forward to augment ECT in such patients, however, to this date, only a handful of case reports existed about the potential role of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), as an augmentation method. Objectives: and Methods: In this randomized, double-blinded, sham controlled study, we set out to test the hypothesis of whether the application of high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF rTMS) lowers the seizure threshold for electroconvulsive therapy and whether it has an effect on other aspects of ECT treatment, such as seizure duration (SD), efficacy and safety. Results: 46 patients treated for a major depressive episode, indicated for ECT, were recruited to this study. A significantly lower seizure threshold was observed in the experimental group during ECT titration, on average a decrease by 34.55%, from 34.23 mC to 22.4 mC, p < 0.001 (Wilcox test). We had not observed a significant effect of TMS stimulation before ECT on seizure duration or clinical outcome. Another potentially important observation of this study is that 4 patients in the experimental group developed transient symptoms of hypomania/mania, all of which were stabilized after the combined stimulation protocol was halted spontaneously within a week, without the need to administer mood stabilizers. Conclusion: It is likely that HF rTMS stimulation prior to ECT is a novel and simple way of reducing the ST, which is useful in certain groups of patients undergoing this important treatment modality. ER  - 
Ictal level of awareness in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures correlates with the experience of traumatic events in childhood: A cross sectional study$$$ There is a great amount of research regarding the particular ictal manifestations of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) with a focus on the differences to epileptic seizures (Vogrig et al., 2019 [4]; Tyson et al., 2018 [5]; De Paola et al., 2016 [6]). Most of the research aims to define guidelines for diagnosing PNES in differentiation from epilepsy, because this differentiation is clinically relevant for clinical neurological settings. In contrast, very few studies aimed to gain insight about particular ictal manifestations of the different semiological appearances of PNES regarding distinctive psychological processes or prognostic outcomes (Brown, 2016 [7]; Pick et al., 2017 [8]; Brown, 2006 [9]; Cohen, 2013). One study revealed that a higher level of mental dissociation and cognitive impairment was associated with a higher level of traumatization in patients with PNES (Pick et al., 2017 [8]). We analyzed the seizure semiology with a focus on the level of awareness in 60 patients with PNES. Patients were divided into two groups: one with an impaired awareness during their seizures and the other one with preserved awareness during their seizures. We assessed the amount of adverse traumatic experience in childhood with the “Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ)”. We found that patients with PNES with impaired awareness showed more childhood traumatic experiences in the CTQ, especially on the subscales of sexual and emotional abuse as well as physical neglect. Furthermore, patients with PNES with impaired awareness during seizures were significantly younger, more often female, showed a lower degree on education, and a higher amount of self-harm behavior compared with patients with PNES with preserved awareness during seizures. Our study presents clinical evidence for the potential significance of the level of awareness during PNES for the etiology of PNES. Our results point toward the existence of clinical subgroups of patients with PNES with distinctive etiological mechanisms and indicate that seizure semiology might help to differentiate those potential subgroups. ER  - 
Objectively measured sleep–wake patterns in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy – Interaction with quality of life and antiepileptic treatment$$$ Rationale: Patients with epilepsy experience frequent episodes of fragmented sleep which may contribute to chronic sleep loss. Enhancing sleep patterns might lead to improved quality of life in these patients. Currently, unlike some other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), there are no data on the effects of clobazam, a novel AED on sleep. Therefore, we tested the hypothesis that patients with epilepsy will have longer, more consolidated sleep after treatment with clobazam. Methods: In this prospective study, we included adults with drug-resistant epilepsy who were being considered for treatment with clobazam. Patients with known untreated moderate/severe sleep apnea or with major circadian rhythm disorders were excluded. We tested a set of the following subjective sleep measures: Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Inventory (PSQI), Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), Karolinska Sleepiness Scale (KSS), Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), and Quality of Life in Epilepsy (QOLIE) prior to starting the treatment, as well as after achieving a stable clobazam dose. We also measured sleep pattern using wrist actigraphy – before starting therapy and after achieving stable dose. Results: A total of 12 participants completed all parts of the study. After treatment, a lower number of awakenings and less wake after sleep onset (WASO) were seen, as well as a lower number of seizures. Average pretreatment bedtime was 23:45, and average wake time was 8:24. A higher seizure frequency significantly correlated with all subjective sleep measures, as well as with a higher amount actigraphy measured WASO and less total sleep time (TST) measured both by sleep log and by actigraphy. Those with higher baseline WASO by actigraphy also had more depressive symptoms, worse quality of life, longer duration of epilepsy, and a higher seizure frequency. Conclusion: Both objective and subjective sleep metrics correlate with depressive symptoms and quality of life. After treatment, there were fewer awakenings as well as fewer seizures. ER  - 
Prevalence of comorbidities in Multiple Sclerosis and impact on physical disability according to disease phenotypes$$$ Background: Comorbidities are prevalent among Multiple Sclerosis (MS) patients. Few studies have characterized their prevalence and impact in Latin American populations. Objective: We aim to assess the prevalence of comorbidities and their impact on the risk of physical disability across different MS phenotypes. Methods: Cross-sectional multicenter study of patients under regular clinical care at the Programa de Esclerosis Múltiple UC and Hospital Dr. Sótero del Río in Chile. Prevalence of comorbidities was estimated from the retrospective assessment of electronic medical charts. Disease phenotypes were categorized into two groups: clinically isolated syndrome/relapsing-remitting (inflammatory group) and primary/secondary progressive MS patients (progressive group). A multivariable analysis using binary logistic regression for assessing the risk of EDSS ≥ 6.0 in each group was performed. Results: A total of 453 patients was included, 71% female, mean age at onset 31 years, mean disease duration 10 years, and median EDSS 2.0 (range 0–10). In the whole sample, most prevalent comorbidities were ever-smoking (42.2%), depression/anxiety (34.9%), thyroid disease (15.7%), hypertension (11.3%) and insulin resistance/type 2 diabetes mellitus (11.0%). When assessing the risk of EDSS ≥ 6, in the inflammatory group (N = 366), age at onset (OR 1.06, 95%CI(1.02–1.11), p = 0.008), disease duration (OR 1.06, 95%CI(1.00–1.12), p = 0.039) and epilepsy comorbidity (OR 5.36, 95%CI(1.33–21.5), p = 0.018) were associated with a higher risk of disability. In the progressive group (N = 87), disease duration was a risk factor (OR 1.08 95%CI(1.02–1.16), p = 0.014), while shorter diagnostic delay (OR 0.91 95%CI(0.85–0.99), p = 0.025) and insulin resistance/type 2 diabetes mellitus comorbidity were protective factors (OR 0.18 95%CI(0.04–0.83), p = 0.028), 72% of these patients were receiving metformin. Conclusions: Comorbidities are common across different MS disease phenotypes. Epilepsy seems particularly related with a higher risk of physical disability in relapsing-remitting patients, while the role of insulin resistance/type 2 diabetes mellitus or the impact of metformin use as a protective factor should be further studied. Prospective and larger studies are still needed in order to assess the real impact of comorbidities and their management in MS outcomes. ER  - 
Outcome analysis of children with rolandic discharges on EEG: A real-world study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of drugs for patients with central mid-temporal (rolandic) discharges detected by electroencephalogram (EEG). Methods: This retrospective study enrolled 430 patients with rolandic discharges, who were treated at the Neuroelectrophysiology Center of the Children's Hospital of Nanjing Medical University from February 2015 to February 2018. Patients were divided into three groups according to medication: levetiracetam (LEV), oxcarbazepine (OXC) and sodium valproate (VPA). All patients were followed up for at least 2 years, and the seizure frequency, EEG results and side effects of drugs were recorded. Results: Rolandic epilepsy (RE) occurred in 398/430 patients. Rolandic discharges were also found in those with febrile seizures, tic disorders, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Thirty-one patients experienced only one seizure and no relapse, while 367 patients experienced more than two seizures (including 364 receiving drug treatment). The failure rate of LEV as initial therapy was significantly higher than those of OXC and VPA. The overall efficacy of OXC was higher than that of LEV. However, none of the three medications could control rolandic discharges. Moreover, the side effects of the three drugs were mild. Conclusions: Rolandic discharges are common in children with RE and other diseases, such as febrile seizures, tic disorders, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Patients with only one seizure need no treatment. Those with multiple seizures can be treated with OXC, LEV, and VPA. OXC serves as the initial antiepileptic drug with a lower failure rate and significant efficacy. ER  - 
Impulsiveness, personality traits and executive functioning in patients with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To evaluate impulsiveness in adult patients with JME and its relationship with personality traits and executive functioning. Methods: Patients completed psychiatric evaluation (DSM IV), Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS-11), Neo Revised Personality Inventory (NEO PI-R) and executive functioning evaluation comprising Controlled Oral Word Association (COWA), Digit Span, Trail Making Tests (TMT), Stroop Test (ST) and Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WSCT). Healthy controls (63 % female, mean age 35.7 yrs. (±8.37)) were examined to allow calculation of z-scores. Results: 50 patients (70 % female; mean age 32.5 yrs. (±9.2)) presented higher scores of Total (z=-0.37; p = 0.005) and Motor Impulsiveness (z=-0.79; p < 0.001) on BIS-11. Motor Impulsiveness was associated with higher rates of mild psychiatric disorders (depression and anxiety) (p = 0.035) and worse myoclonic seizure control (p = 0.007). NEO PI-R showed differences on Neuroticism (z=-0.60; p < 0.001), Openness (z = 0.38; p = 0.043), Agreeableness (z=-0.38; p = 0.033) and Conscientiousness (z=-0.53; p = 0.003). There were positive correlations between BIS-11 and Neuroticism with Total, Motor and Non-Planning Impulsiveness, on the other hand, Conscientiousness was negatively correlated with these as well as with Attentive Impulsiveness. Patients performance was worse than that of controls on COWA (z=-0.43; p = 0.009) and WCST's Total Number of Completed Categories (z=-2.08; p = 0.005), Trials Taken to Complete First Category (z=-1.56; p = 0.013), Percentage of Total Errors (z=-1.56; p < 0.001), Perseverative Errors (z=-0.73; p = 0.002), Non-Perseverative Errors (z=-1.05; p = 0.003) and Conceptual Level Responses (z=-1.52; p < 0.001). Non-Planning Impulsiveness correlated with Performance (ST and TMT). Conclusion: Patients with JME present with impulsive behavior, personality features and executive dysfunction which are linked and may lead to lack of commitment in treatment and affect other aspects of life. ER  - 
Associations between statin use and suicidality, depression, anxiety, and seizures: a Swedish total-population cohort study$$$ Background: Statins have shown both protective and adverse associations with neuropsychiatric outcomes. We aimed to examine the possible associations between statins and suicidality, depression, anxiety, and seizures. Methods: Using Swedish national registers, we linked data on dispensed statin prescriptions with data on unplanned (emergency) hospital visits or specialised outpatient care for four neuropsychiatric outcomes: suicidal behaviour (including deaths from suicide), depressive disorders, anxiety disorders, and seizures. We included all individuals in the registries who were dispensed statins and who were aged 15 years or older between Jan 1, 2006, and Dec 31, 2013. We applied a within-individual design using stratified Cox proportional hazards regression to compare the incidence of the defined outcomes during periods on statins and periods off statins within each individual, thus adjusting for time-invariant confounders. Non-specific effects of treatment were tested by investigating these outcomes in relation to thiazide diuretic use and antihistamine use in the same cohort. Findings: The statin-users cohort comprised 1 149 384 individuals, of whom 1 015 949 (88·4%) were aged 50 years or older, 625 616 (54·4%) were male, and 523 768 (45·6%) were female. The study period consisted of 2 053 310 non-treatment periods and 2 997 545 treatment periods, and 957 216 (83·3%) individuals had a medication status change (from on statins to off statins, or vice versa). Suicide outcomes were found in 6372 (0·6%) individuals, depressive disorders in 23 745 (2·1%), anxiety disorders in 30 100 (2·6%), and seizures in 28 844 (2·5%). There were no clear associations between periods of statin treatment and suicidal behaviour or deaths from suicide (hazard ratio 0·99 [95% CI 0·90–1·08]), anxiety disorders (0·99 [0·95–1·02]), or seizures (1·00 [0·97–1·04]). Statins were associated with reduced hazards of depressive disorders (0·91 [0·87–0·94]), which remained after adjustment for concurrent antidepressant use (0·91 [0·88–0·94]). Hazard ratios for depressive disorders were 0·61 (0·38–1·00; n=14 718) with thiazide diuretic use and 0·84 (0·67–1·06; n=23 715) with antihistamine use. Interpretation: Statin use is not associated with suicidality, anxiety disorders, or seizures. Whether the observed association between statin use and reduced diagnoses of clinical depression is confounded by non-specific benefits related to being prescribed medication needs further research. Funding: Wellcome Trust, Swedish Research Council, National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) Research Professorship, NIHR Oxford Health Biomedical Research Centre, American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, Karolinska Institutet. ER  - 
Comorbidities in Males and Females with TBI: A Population Study from the Department of Social Inclusion of Persons with Disabilities in Cyprus$$$ Research Objectives: Comorbidities are common in individuals with traumatic brain injury (TBI) because they can influence the progression and outcomes of rehabilitation. Furthermore, investigating sex differences in this area will provide great understanding in how comorbid disorders can influence rehabilitation contribute to the development of person-centered rehabilitation programs. The main purpose of this study was to investigate specific comorbid disorders in males and females survivors of TBI. This is population study as all individuals with a reported diagnosis of TBI who applied for disability benefits were include in the analyses. Design: Observational retrospective population study. Setting: The 76 individuals with TBI had registered with Department of Social Inclusion of Persons with Disabilities between the years of 2014-2019 requesting evaluation for disability benefits. From those, 65 were males and 11 were females. Participants: 76 individuals with TBI, from those 65 were males and 11 were females. Interventions: Not applicable. Main Outcome Measures: The variables used were sex and five medical and mental conditions: a) epilepsy, b) psychiatric problems (e.g. depression, personality disorders, psychosis, social phobia), c) fractures, d) motor disabilities. Results: Chi-square tests revealed that the occurrence of epilepsy, psychiatric problems and fractures did not differ significantly between males and females survivors of TBI in the Cypriot cohort. However, there were significant sex differences in the occurrence of motor comorbidities. Specifically, 41.5% of men experienced motor disabilities, whereas only 9.1% of women experience such problems, χ2 (1,76) =4.26, p=.03. Conclusions: Despite the small sample size, such data address that individuals with TBI confront severe and complex comorbidities that diminish further the quality of life. Sex differences provide crucial information for specialized rehabilitation programs and interventions. Author(s) Disclosures: None disclosed. Keywords: Traumatic Brain Injury, Gender, Cross-Cultural, Population Study ER  - 
Tazemetostat in advanced epithelioid sarcoma with loss of INI1/SMARCB1: an international, open-label, phase 2 basket study$$$ Background: Epithelioid sarcoma is a rare and aggressive soft-tissue sarcoma subtype. Over 90% of tumours have lost INI1 expression, leading to oncogenic dependence on the transcriptional repressor EZH2. In this study, we report the clinical activity and safety of tazemetostat, an oral selective EZH2 inhibitor, in patients with epithelioid sarcoma. Methods: In this open-label, phase 2 basket study, patients were enrolled from 32 hospitals and clinics in Australia, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Taiwan, the USA, and the UK into seven cohorts of patients with different INI1-negative solid tumours or synovial sarcoma. Patients eligible for the epithelioid sarcoma cohort (cohort 5) were aged 16 years or older with histologically confirmed, locally advanced or metastatic epithelioid sarcoma; documented loss of INI1 expression by immunohistochemical analysis or biallelic SMARCB1 (the gene that encodes INI1) alterations, or both; and an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status score of 0–2. Patients received 800 mg tazemetostat orally twice per day in continuous 28-day cycles until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or withdrawal of consent. The primary endpoint was investigator-assessed objective response rate measured according to the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors, version 1.1. Secondary endpoints were duration of response, disease control rate at 32 weeks, progression-free survival, overall survival, and pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic analyses (primary results reported elsewhere). Time to response was also assessed as an exploratory endpoint. Activity and safety were assessed in the modified intention-to-treat population (ie, patients who received one or more doses of tazemetostat). This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02601950, and is ongoing. Findings: Between Dec 22, 2015, and July 7, 2017, 62 patients with epithelioid sarcoma were enrolled in the study and deemed eligible for inclusion in this cohort. All 62 patients were included in the modified intention-to-treat analysis. Nine (15% [95% CI 7–26]) of 62 patients had an objective response at data cutoff (Sept 17, 2018). At a median follow-up of 13·8 months (IQR 7·8–19·0), median duration of response was not reached (95% CI 9·2–not estimable). 16 (26% [95% CI 16–39]) patients had disease control at 32 weeks. Median time to response was 3·9 months (IQR 1·9–7·4). Median progression-free survival was 5·5 months (95% CI 3·4–5·9), and median overall survival was 19·0 months (11·0–not estimable). Grade 3 or worse treatment-related adverse events included anaemia (four [6%]) and weight loss (two [3%]). Treatment-related serious adverse events occurred in two patients (one seizure and one haemoptysis). There were no treatment-related deaths. Interpretation: Tazemetostat was well tolerated and showed clinical activity in this cohort of patients with advanced epithelioid sarcoma characterised by loss of INI1/SMARCB1. Tazemetostat has the potential to improve outcomes in patients with advanced epithelioid sarcoma. A phase 1b/3 trial of tazemetostat plus doxorubicin in the front-line setting is currently underway (NCT04204941). Funding: Epizyme. ER  - 
Case series: Deep brain stimulation for facial pain$$$ BACKGROUND: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has been used for chronic pain for decades, but its use is limited due to a lack of reliable data about its efficacy for specific indications. OBJECTIVE: To report on 9 patients who underwent DBS for facial pain, with a focus on differences in outcomes between distinct etiologies. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed 9 patients with facial pain who were treated with DBS of the ventral posteromedial nucleus of the thalamus and periventricular gray. We report on characteristics including facial pain etiology, complications, changes in pain scores using the visual analog scale (VAS), and willingness to undergo DBS again. RESULTS: Nine patients underwent DBS for either poststroke, post-traumatic, postherpetic, or atypical facial pain. Eight patients (89%) were permanently implanted. Seven patients had sufficient follow-up (mean 40.3 mo). Of these 7 patients, average VAS scores decreased from 9.4 to 6.1 after DBS. The average decrease in VAS was 55% for post-traumatic facial pain (2 patients), 45% for poststroke (2 patients), 15% for postherpetic neuralgia (2 patients), and 0% for atypical facial pain (1 patient). Three of the 8 implanted patients (38%) had complications which required removal of hardware. Only 2 of 7 (29%) patients met classical criteria for responders (50% decrease in pain scores). However, among 4 patients who were asked about willingness to undergo DBS again, all expressed that they would repeat the procedure. CONCLUSION: There is a trend towards improvement in pain scores following DBS for facial pain, most prominently with post-traumatic pain. ER  - 
Prevalence and correlates of diagnosed and undiagnosed epilepsy and migraine headache among people with severe psychiatric disorders in Ethiopia$$$ Background There is a paucity of research on the prevalence of diagnosed as well as undiagnosed neurological disorders with episodic manifestations such as epilepsy and migraine headaches in people with severe psychiatric disorders (SPD). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study analyzing and comparing the prevalence of diagnosed and undiagnosed chronic neurological disorders with episodic manifestations including epilepsy and migraine headache in people with SPD. Method This quantitative cross-sectional survey was undertaken among 309 patients with SPD selected by a systematic random sampling technique. The Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Axis I Disorders (SCID) was used to confirm SPD among the participants. The International Classification of Headache Disorders (ICHD-3) and International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) were used to define migraine headache and epilepsy, respectively]. Risk factors for chronic neurologic disorders were explored by using logistic regression models. Result In this study, the prevalence of overall neurological disorders, epilepsy, and migraine headache among people with SPD were found to be 5.2% (95%CI 3.2–8.3), 1.6% (95%CI 0.7–3.9), and 3.9% (95%CI 2.2–6.7), respectively. We found that a considerably higher proportion of people with SPD had undiagnosed overall neurological disorder (87.5%; 14/16), epilepsy (60%; 3/5), as well as migraine headaches (100%; 12/12). On the other hand, in this study, 12.5%, 40%, and 0% of patients with overall neurologic disorder, epilepsy, and migraine headaches respectively were diagnosed by the professionals. Higher disability score (WHODAS score) was associated with increased odds of having neurological disorders compared with the lower WHODAS score [OR = 1.30 (95% CI 1.02–1.66)]. Conclusion Whilst the prevalence estimates of neurological disorders with episodic manifestations including epilepsy and migraine headache was high among people with SPD, the vast majority of them remained undiagnosed. The diagnosis rates of those disorders were significantly low, perhaps surprisingly zero for migraine headache. High WHODAS score was associated with increased odds of having neurological disorders. Routine screening and management of epilepsy and migraine headache are imperative among people with SPD. ER  - 
CTMSS 2020 Annual Meeting$$$ The proceedings contains 59 papers. The topics discussed include: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Neuropathic Pain- An INS/NANS Expert Consensus Panel Review and Recommendation;Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS): A Large-Scale Retrospective Clinical Data Analysis Indicating rTMS as Effective Treatment for Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD);Neuronavigation Guided rTMS in Alleviating Gulf War Illness Symptoms;Anhedonia in Major Depressive Disorder: Can it be the Chicken AND the Egg for Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation?;Initial report on long-term durability of deep TMS for obsessive compulsive disorder;Preliminary characteristic of 45 patient of the study placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind clinical trial to assess the safety and efficacy of using Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (EMTp) in smoking cessation.;Theta Burst but Not Standard Stimulation Resulting in Treatment Emergent Affective Switching (TEAS): An Inter-Subject Case-Control Series of Two Patients;Post Marketing Rate of Seizures During Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Treatment with NeuroStar Advanced Therapy Is Lower Than Previously Estimated;Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Induces Insomnia; A Case Series;Elderly TMS Response and Duration: A 6 Month Study;Gender Related TMS Response in Depression and Insomnia;Audio-Guided Mindfulness Meditation During TMS Sessions for the Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD): A Feasibility Pilot Study;Abstract Outcomes of Ketamine IV Treatments for TMS Therapy Poor Responders;Gender Differences in Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Treatment Outcomes for Major Depressive Disorder: A Single Institution Experience;Real-world efficacy of deep TMS for obsessive-compulsive disorder: interim post-marketing analysis of 192 patients from twenty-two sites;Incidence of side effects in patients receiving Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS);Music and rTMS; Novel combination approach for the treatment of depression;Systematic review and meta-analysis comparing iTBS vs. TMS vs. sham in randomized controlled trials. ER  - 
A novel Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (θTMS) ‘Malta’ protocol to decrease suicidal ideation and hospital admissions – a case series$$$ Aim: To determine whether a locally devised, outpatient, rapid θTMS ‘Malta’ protocol decreases suicidal ideation and hospital admissions in crisis patients. [Formula presented] Hypothesis: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been used to decrease suicidal ideation1. We hypothesize whether a faster acting and less time consuming novel θTMS protocol can similarly decrease suicidal ideation and hospital admissions. Background: Despite being potentially tragic, there is as yet no proven acute remedy to treat a suicidal crisis. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been used to decrease suicidal ideation1. The rTMS protocol available so far is however time consuming for the patient, staff and establishment alike (3 consecutive daily sessions each lasting 30 minutes per day over 3 days i.e. 4.5 hours of rTMS over 3 days in total). ‘At least an hour interval’ was allowed between sessions, making the treatment last at least a total of 3.5 hours daily or 10.5 hours over the 3 days. Furthermore, patients deemed to have a degree of suicidal risk and who have no solid social support are often admitted to a psychiatric institution, formally at times. This can be a laborious process, involving and coordinating the authorities. Formal admissions may cause dissent within the patient and significant others, potentially increase stigma and burden the bed state in hospitals. So far, there is no effective and rapid acute treatment available to decrease suicidal ideation to a degree which is safe enough to keep people in the community, thereby avoiding the above-mentioned challenges. Method: Forty-four suicidal patients who presented to our crisis team and who were deemed to be at moderate/high suicide risk were enrolled in the study. These patients were each independently assessed by all three investigators. The investigators performed a mental state examination and applied the Beck’s Suicide Intent (BSI) scale on each participant. Their mental state examination tallied with their BSI baseline scores (≥20), categorizing them to be at moderate/high suicide risk. Hence, they were eligible for the study. (Patients presenting with psychotic states were not included in the study). Serial mental state examinations and BSI scale assessments were carried out daily, before and one hour after the cluster θTMS sessions for the day were completed. These serial assessments continued daily for up to 4 days after completion of the cluster θTMS sessions (i.e. 7 days in total). Each patient was administered the cluster θTMS ‘Malta’ protocol. TMS settings used for the protocol were: Power (%Motor Threshold or MT) - 120% Resting MT, Frequency – 50Hz burst pulses, On 2 seconds, Off – 8 seconds. Seven θTMS sessions were administered daily, each lasting 3 minutes on day 1 and day 3. A 2-minute interval was allowed between each θTMS. The total time of θTMS over 3 days was 42 minutes (i.e. 21 minutes on day 1 and another 21 minutes on day 3). When one includes the 2-minute intervals, the total time on the TMS chair was 31 minutes daily or 62 minutes for the whole treatment. No θTMS was administered on Day 2 to monitor for side effects (especially seizures) and to assess the patients clinically for any worsening suicidal ideation or behaviour. All other factors were equal. Results: After administering the Malta protocol, there was a 56% decrease in the patients’ BSI scores (dropping from ≥20 to ˂20) on day 1 which persisted through to day 7. Their mental state examinations reflected this improvement. This positive change obviated hospital admissions, rendering the patients safe enough to be managed in the community under close observation by crisis team staff and/or loved ones before returning to the clinic the day after. No significant side effects or worsening of suicidal ideation was reported. Conclusions: The θTMS suicide protocol we devised appears to be a safe and effective treatment at face value to decrease suicidal ideation rapidly with all the associated advantages of an outpatient treatment. The time difference between the total duration of the rTMS protocol1 and our Malta protocol is also more convenient for the patient (who wants to get better fast) and for the clinic (10.5 hours vs. 62 minutes respectively or approximately a 90% reduction in time per patient). Besides, unlike the rTMS protocol1 our protocol just allows for 2 minutes between one session and the other so the patient does not need to leave the TMS chair. This is in contrast to the rTMS protocol1 which dictates at least 60 minutes in between one session and the next on the day, slowing down the clinic in the process. Beyond the limitations of this study (no control, underpowered, not blind etc.) further studies are needed to validate the efficacy of θTMS in suicidal crises. A future step would be to increase the θTMS potency and incorporate other wholistic modalities of treatment in double blind, randomized controlled trials. Furthermore, another study can apply such a protocol to inpatients deemed to be at moderate/high suicide risk to determine whether it can rapidly and safely improve the clinical picture enough to decrease the duration of hospitalization in that clinical population, with all the associated advantages for the patient, staff and management alike. Organisation: The Neuromodulation Clinic, c/o Da Vinci Hospital, Kanonku Karmenu Pirotta Street, Birkirkara, Malta, BKR 1111, EU. Email Address: 24/7 Free Crisis Line: +356 99339966 1. George M.S., Raman R., Benedek D.M., Pelic C.G., Grammer G.G., Stokes K.T., Schmidt M., Spiegel C., Dealmeida N., Beaver K.L., Borckardt J.J., Sun X., Jain S., Stein M.B. (2014). A two-site pilot randomized 3 day trial of high dose left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for suicidal inpatients. Brain Stimulation; 7(3):421-31. doi: 10.1016/j.brs.2014.03.006. Epub 2014 Mar 19 ER  - 
Cerebrospinal Analysis in Patients with COVID-19$$$ Background: Assessment of the impact of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis including investigation for the presence of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is essential for the optimization of patient care. Methods: In this case series, we review patients diagnosed with SARS-CoV-2 undergoing lumbar puncture (LP) admitted to Columbia University Irving Medical Center (New York, NY, USA) from March 1 to May 26, 2020. In a subset of patients, CSF SARS-CoV-2 quantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) testing is performed. Results: The average age of 27 patients who underwent LP with definitive SARS-CoV-2 (SD) was 37.5 (28.7) years. CSF profiles showed elevated white blood cell counts and protein in 44% and 52% of patients, respectively. LP results impacted treatment decisions in 10 (37%) patients, either by change of antibiotics, influence in disposition decision, or by providing an alternative diagnosis. CSF SARS-CoV-2 qRT-PCR was performed on 8 (30%) patients, with negative results in all samples. Conclusions: Among patients diagnosed with SARS-CoV-2, CSF results changed treatment decisions or disposition in over one-third of our patient cohort. CSF was frequently abnormal, though CSF SARS-CoV-2 qRT-PCR was negative in all samples. Further studies are required to define whether CSF SARS-CoV-2 testing is warranted in certain clinical contexts. ER  - 
Oral melatonin improves the detection of parasitemia in malaria$$$ Introduction: Malaria is a growing global threat and a major cause of mortality in the tropics. The gold standard diagnosis is peripheral blood smear examination. It has been demonstrated that melatonin acts as messenger molecule in malaria pathophysiology. This concept was used to evolve a clinical study wherein use of exogenous melatonin could improve the chance of detection of the parasite. Methodology: In a prospective study, 80 consecutive patients seen in the Department of Medicine at Kasturba Hospital, Manipal, suspected to have malarial fever were enrolled with proper informed consent, and randomly assigned to the groups given oral melatonin 3mg (melatonin group, n = 40) or placebo (control group, n = 40). Blood samples were collected for peripheral smear examination at baseline and then at two, three, four and five hours after drug administration. The primary end point was the parasite detection index. Results: Baseline characteristics of patients were comparable. In the melatonin group, there was a significant increase of 0.0943 ± 0.22 in the mean parasite index from 0.217 ± 0.42 pre-melatonin to 0.3114 ± 0.5 post-melatonin (p = 0.001), compared to a difference of 0.0025 ± 0.22 in mean parasite index before and after placebo in the control group (p = 0.95). The maximum rise in parasite detection was seen at five hours after melatonin. Conclusions: In a single centre study, for the first time, it has been shown that a significantly higher proportion of patients was diagnosed with malaria on peripheral smear after oral melatonin administration, maximal at five hours after administration of melatonin. ER  - 
Application of Chromosome Microarray Analysis in the Investigation of Developmental Disabilities and Congenital Anomalies: Single Center Experience and Review of NRXN3 and NEDD4L Deletions$$$ Chromosomal microarray analysis (CMA) is a first step test used for the diagnosis of patients with developmental delay, intellectual disability, autistic spectrum disorder, and multiple congenital anomalies. Its widespread usage has allowed genome-wide identification of copy number variations (CNVs). In our study, we performed a retrospective study on clinical and microarray data of 237 patients with developmental disabilities and/or multiple congenital anomalies and investigated the clinical utility of CMA. Phenotype-associated CNVs were detected in 15.18% of patients. Besides, we detected submicroscopic losses on 14q24.3q31.1 in a patient with speech delay and on 18q21.31q21.32 in twin patients with seizures. Deletions of NRXN3 and NEDD4L were responsible for the phenotypes, respectively. This study showed that CMA is a powerful diagnostic tool in this patient group and expands the genotype-phenotype correlations on developmental disabilities. ER  - 
Hypercalcemia in A Young Patient: What is the Deal?$$$ Introduction: Hypercalcemia can have detrimental effects leading to nephrolithiasis, renal dysfunction or failure, osteoporosis, cardiac arrhythmias, and a malady of symptoms captured in the classic medical student mnemonic of "stones, bones, groans, and psychic moans". We present a case of a young patient with hypercalcemia of unclear etiology to emphasize the importance of understanding the underlying causes of the problem that ultimately could help in the final diagnosis and decision of appropriate treatment.Clinical Case: The patient is a 30-year-old male with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, Asperger's syndrome, gastroesophageal reflux disease, mixed hyperlipidemia, seizure disorder, and Bell's palsy, who was found to have asymptomatic hypercalcemia since age 24. Calcium levels have ranged between 10.1 - 12.2 mg/dl (Normal: 8.7 -10.2), with low-normal parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels 18-35 pg/ml (Normal: 15-65). The patient denied any excess calcium, vitamin D3, or vitamin A intake. He has had mildly elevated 1,25 dihydroxy vitamin D levels and low-normal 25 hydroxy vitamin D levels. different laboratory tests (see Table 1) have ruled out familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemic syndrome, thyroid dysfunction, multiple myeloma, lymphoma, sarcoidosis, tuberculosis, or other pulmonary infections that can lead to hypercalcemia. Imaging studies were negative for Primary Hyperparathyroidism. An elevated ratio of 24, 25 dihydroxy-vitamin D to 25 hydroxy-vitamin D was found. This was suspected to be due to relative 25 hydroxy-vitamin D deficiency and genetic testing was pursued but did not show evidence of mutations to CYP24A1 or SLC34A1. A trial of Ketoconazole was instituted due to high suspicion of an unknown mutation, but this did not prove to be successful. Discussion/Conclusion: The etiology of the hypercalcemia in our patient was presumed to be non-PTH mediated and an even more extensive workup is ongoing to cover the most unusual differential diagnoses. Endocrinologists sometimes come across cases where the etiology of the hypercalcemia is not attributable to well-known causes. These rare cases demonstrate that our knowledge of the mechanisms of hypercalcemia is far from complete and as we get a better understanding of the underlying processes in the pathogenesis of hypercalcemia, it is likely that we will recognize better ways of its management. ER  - 
Identification of Serum Biomarkers for Differentiating Epileptic Seizures from Psychogenic Attacks Using a Proteomic Approach$$$ a Comparative study; Differentiating actual epileptic seizures (ESs) from psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) is of great interest. This study compares the serum proteomics of patients diagnosed with ESs and PNES. Methods: Eight patients with seizure (4 with PNES and 4 with TLE (temporal lope epilepsy)) were enrolled in this comparative study. Venous blood samples were drawn during the first hour following the seizure. Standard protein purification technique was employed and proteins were subsequently separated via 2-D electrophoresis. After comparison of the serum proteomes from the two groups, protein expression was analyzed. The differentially expressed bands were determined using both matrix-assisted laser ionization time-of-flight (MALDI/TOF) and electrospray ionization quadruple mass spectrometry (MS). Results: This study identified 361 proteins, the expression of 110 proteins increased, and 87 proteins decreased in the PNES group compared with TLE group. Four separate proteins were finally identified with MALDI/TOF MS analysis. Compared with PNES group, alpha 1-acidglycoprotein 1, ceruloplasmin, and S100-β were down-regulated and malate dehydrogenase 2 was up-regulated in the serum of TLE patients. Conclusion: Our results indicated that changes in serum levels of S100-β, ceruloplasmin, alpha 1-acidglycoprotein 1, and malate dehydrogenase 2 after seizure could be introduced as potential markers to differentiate ES from PNES; however, more advanced studies are required to reach a better understanding of the underlying mechanisms. ER  - 
Discovering themes in medical records of patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Introduction Epileptic and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are common diagnostic problems encountered in hospital practice. This study explores the use of unsupervised machine learning in discovering themes in medical records of patients presenting with PNES. We hypothesised that themes generated by machine learning are comparable with the classification by human experts. Methods This is a retrospective analysis of the medical records in the emergency department of patients (age >18 years) with PNES who underwent inpatient video-electroencephalography monitoring from May 2009 to June 2014 and received a final diagnosis of PNES. Prior to machine learning of written text, we applied a standardised approach in natural language processing to create a document-term matrix (removal of numbers, stop-words and punctuations, transforming fonts to lower case). The words were separated into tokens and treated as if existing within a bag-of-words. A probability of each word existing within a topic (theme) was modelled on multivariate Dirichlet distribution (R Foundation, V.3.5.0). Next, we asked four experts to independently provide a clinical interpretation of the generated topics. When the majority of (≥3) experts agreed, it was regarded as highly congruent. Interactive data are available on the web at (https://gntem2.github.io/PNES/%23topic=1&lambda=0.6&term=). Results There were 39 patients (74.4% women, median age 35 years with range 20-82). A total of 121 documents were converted to text files for text mining. There were 15 generated topics with 12/15 topics rated as highly congruent. The main themes were about descriptors of seizures and medication use. Conclusions The findings from machine learning on PNES-related documentation provides evidence for the feasibility of applying machine-learning methodology to analyse large volumes of medical records. The topics generated by machine learning were congruent with interpretations by clinicians indicating this method can be used for screening of medical conditions among large volumes of medical records. ER  - 
Clinical Characteristics and Pharmacological Treatment of Individuals With and Without Intellectual Disability in Pre-trial Assessment—A Population-Based Study$$$ Background: The current lack of knowledge about intellectual disability (ID) in forensic psychiatric contexts can compromise the legal certainty of these individuals during the medico-legal process. To address ambiguous results in previous literature, the aim of the current study was to estimate the prevalence of ID in a pre-trial forensic psychiatric settings. Moreover, as little is known about the characteristics of offenders with ID, we conducted a clinical characterization of individuals with and without ID being subject to forensic psychiatric assessment. Methods: Using data from several Swedish national registers, we conducted a population-based retrospective observational study on 8,442 individuals being subject to pre-trial forensic psychiatric assessments in Sweden in 1997–2013. We performed univariate analyses to compare the characteristics of individuals with (n = 537) and without ID (n = 7,905). Results: The prevalence of ID was 6.4% in the Swedish pre-trial forensic psychiatric context during the observational period. Compared with individuals without ID, individuals with ID were younger at the time of assessment, had a lower educational level, and had less frequently started families. ID was associated with lower frequency of diagnosed psychotic and bipolar disorders. However, a similar prescription rate of antipsychotics, and a comparable rate of previous inpatient care was observed among individuals with and without ID. Individuals with ID had more often been prescribed anti-libidinal treatments often used for treating sexual disorders, although did not present a higher prevalence of sexual disorder. Conclusions: The prevalence of ID among pre-trial individuals being subject to forensic psychiatric assessment was more than twice as high as assumed in the general population. Our results suggest that individuals with ID received pharmacotherapy without clear indication. Remaining challenges in the clinical management of individuals with ID were indicated by the discrepancy between the occurrence of psychiatric diagnoses, pharmacological treatment patterns, and rates of inpatient care. ER  - 
Expanding access to non-communicable disease care in rural Malawi: Outcomes from a retrospective cohort in an integrated NCD-HIV model$$$ Objectives Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) account for one-third of disability-adjusted life years in Malawi, and access to care is exceptionally limited. Integrated services with HIV are widely recommended, but few examples exist globally. We report descriptive outcomes from an Integrated Chronic Care Clinic (IC3). Design This is a retrospective cohort study. Setting The study includes an HIV-NCD clinic across 14 primary care facilities in the rural district of Neno, Malawi. Participants All new patients, including 6233 HIV-NCD diagnoses, enrolled between January 2015 and December 2017 were included. This included 3334 patients with HIV (59.7% women) and 2990 patients with NCD (67.3% women), 10% overall under age 15 years. Interventions Patients were seen at their nearest health centre, with a hospital team visiting routinely to reinforce staffing. Data were collected on paper forms and entered into an electronic medical record. Primary and secondary outcome measures Routine clinical measurements are reported at 1-year post-enrolment for patients with more than one visit. One-year retention is reported by diagnosis. Results NCD diagnoses were 1693 hypertension, 668 asthma, 486 epilepsy, 149 diabetes and 109 severe mental illness. By December 2018, 8.3% of patients with NCD over 15 years were also on HIV treatment. One-year retention was 85% for HIV and 72% for NCDs, with default in 8.4% and 25.5% and deaths in 4.0% and 1.4%, respectively. Clinical outcomes showed statistically significant improvement for hypertension, diabetes, asthma and epilepsy. Of the 1807 (80%) of patients with HIV with viral load results, 85% had undetectable viral load. Conclusions The IC3 model, built on an HIV platform, facilitated rapid decentralisation and access to NCD services in rural Malawi. Clinical outcomes and retention in care are favourable, suggesting that integration of chronic disease care at the primary care level poses a way forward for the large dual burden of HIV and chronic NCDs. ER  - 
Psychological Profiles and Clinical Clusters of Patients Diagnosed With Functional Neurological Disorder$$$ Our understanding about underlying mechanisms leading to Functional Neurological Disorders (FND) has changed in recent years. While in the past these disorders were presumed to be solely due to psychological issues we know now that their development is dependent on complex interactions between biological, psychological and social factors. We present an analysis of clinical presentations and psychological profiles of patients who were seen in our FND outpatient clinic over 3 years. We aim to review the prevalence of common symptoms in the patients seen within our clinic, and to identify any common psychological or psychiatric profiles that differentiated these symptom groups. This may help to elucidate underlying mechanisms leading to the development of functional symptoms and identify the predisposing, triggering and perpetuation factors. ER  - 
Ivosidenib in isocitrate dehydrogenase 1-mutated advanced glioma$$$ PURPOSE Diffuse gliomas are malignant brain tumors that include lower-grade gliomas (LGGs) and glioblastomas. Transformation of low-grade glioma into a higher tumor grade is typically associated with contrast enhancement on magnetic resonance imaging.Mutations in the isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 (IDH1) gene occur in most LGGs (. 70%). Ivosidenib is an inhibitor of mutant IDH1 (mIDH1) under evaluation in patients with solid tumors. METHODS We conducted a multicenter, open-label, phase I, dose escalation and expansion study of ivosidenib in patients with mIDH1 solid tumors. Ivosidenib was administered orally daily in 28-day cycles. RESULTS In 66 patients with advanced gliomas, ivosidenib was well tolerated, with no dose-limiting toxicities reported. The maximum tolerated dose was not reached; 500 mg once per day was selected for the expansion cohort. The grade≥3 adverse event rate was 19.7%; 3% (n52) were considered treatment related. In patients with nonenhancing glioma (n =35), the objective response rate was 2.9%, with 1 partial response. Thirty of 35 patients (85.7%) with nonenhancing glioma achieved stable disease compared with 14 of 31 (45.2%) with enhancing glioma. Median progression-free survival was 13.6 months (95% CI, 9.2 to 33.2 months) and 1.4 months (95% CI, 1.0 to 1.9 months) for the nonenhancing and enhancing glioma cohorts, respectively. In an exploratory analysis, ivosidenib reduced the volume and growth rates of nonenhancing tumors. CONCLUSION In patients with mIDH1 advanced glioma, ivosidenib 500 mg once per day was associated with a favorable safety profile, prolonged disease control, and reduced growth of nonenhancing tumors. ER  - 
Thrombocytopenia during intravenous valproic acid therapy in the neurological intensive care unit$$$ What is known and objective: Thrombocytopenia is a common laboratory abnormality among critically ill patients under neurological intensive care unit (NCU) care. Valproic acid (VPA), a widely used antiepileptic drug, is one of the common causes of drug-induced thrombocytopenia. The purpose of this study was to estimate the incidence and risk factors of thrombocytopenia after intravenous VPA therapy among the patients admitted to NCU. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of patients who were treated with intravenous VPA during their NCU stay between January 2014 and December 2018. We studied the frequency of thrombocytopenia and further evaluated the risk of thrombocytopenia in these patients. Results: Among the 283 patients (181 male [64.0%], mean age: [61.0 ± 14.9] years) who were treated with intravenous VPA, thrombocytopenia was observed in 104 patients (36.7%). Thrombocytopenia was associated with several risk factors, including lower baseline platelet counts (<200 × 109/L); aetiologies other than intracranial or subarachnoid haemorrhage; longer use of VPA (more than 3 days); higher daily dose of VPA (more than 1000 mg/d); concurrent use of VPA with other antiepileptic drugs; infection; and the use of mechanical ventilation. Multivariate analysis found several independent risk factors of thrombocytopenia with intravenous VPA therapy, including lower baseline platelet counts, aetiologies other than intracranial or subarachnoid haemorrhage, use of VPA for more than 3 days and infection. What is new and conclusion: Thrombocytopenia is common in NCU patients. Because several clinical and laboratory factors are associated with thrombocytopenia, careful use of VPA should be considered in patients with these risk factors. ER  - 
Living in urban areas, low education, cognitive function, and medication adherence are factors related to major depression among epilepsy patients in Manado, Indonesia$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to identify factors related to major depression among epilepsy patients in city of Manado. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study conducted in Neurology Clinic and appropriate bivariate analysis was used to test the relationship between sociodemographic and clinical variables with major depression. Findings: Living in urban areas, low education, low cognitive function, and low medication adherence are factors related to major depression. The relationship between medication adherence and depression is found in previous studies but the other significant factors in this study are not. Conclusion: Our region has some particular factors related to major depression among epilepsy patients. These findings considered in designing local treatment strategy and health policy. ER  - 
Prevalence and management of chronic insomnia in Swiss primary care: Cross-sectional data from the “Sentinella” practice-based research network$$$ We investigated the prevalence and treatment of patients with chronic insomnia presenting to Swiss primary care physicians (PCPs) part of “Sentinella”, a nationwide practice-based research network. Each PCP consecutively asked 40 patients if they had sleep complaints, documented frequency, duration, comorbidities, and reported ongoing treatment. We analysed data of 63% (83/132) of the PCPs invited. The PCPs asked 76% (2,432/3,216) of included patients about their sleep (51% female); 31% (761/2,432) of these had had insomnia symptoms; 36% (875/2,432) had current insomnia symptoms; 11% (269/2,432) met the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5) criteria for chronic insomnia (61% female). In all, 75% (201/269) of patients with chronic insomnia had comorbidities, with 49% (99/201) reporting depression. Chronic insomnia was treated in 78% (209/269); 70% (188/268) took medication, 38% (102/268) benzodiazepines or benzodiazepine receptor agonists, 32% (86/268) took antidepressants. Only 1% (three of 268) had been treated with cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia (CBT-I). A third of patients presenting for a non-urgent visit in Swiss primary care reported insomnia symptoms and 11% met the DSM-5 criteria for chronic insomnia. Hypnotics were the most common treatment, but almost no patients received first-line CBT-I. Reducing the burden of insomnia depends on disseminating knowledge about and access to CBT-I, and encouraging PCPs to discuss it with and offer it as a first-line treatment to patients with chronic insomnia. ER  - 
Self-reported quality of life and degree of youth-parent agreement: A long-term follow-up of childhood-onset epilepsy$$$ Objective: To prospectively delineate self-reported health-related quality of life (HRQOL) of adolescents and young adults (AYAs) 8 and 10 years after an epilepsy diagnosis and evaluate the degree of AYA-parent agreement in ratings of AYA’s HRQOL. Methods: Data came from the Health-Related Quality of Life in Children with Epilepsy Study (HERQULES), a 10-year longitudinal study of children, aged 4-12 years, with newly diagnosed epilepsy. Epilepsy-specific HRQOL was self-reported by AYA 8 and 10 years after diagnosis and by parents at multiple time points throughout the 10-year follow-up. Measurers of HRQOL over time were analyzed using a linear mixed-effect model approach. AYA-parent agreement was evaluated using intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) and Bland-Altman plots. Results: A total of 165 AYAs participated at long-term follow-up. There was considerable heterogeneity among AYA’s HRQOL, and as a group, there was no significant change in HRQOL from the 8- to 10-year follow-up. Household income at the time of diagnosis, seizure control at follow-up, and a history of emotional problems (anxiety/depression) were independent predictors of HRQOL at follow-up. AYA-parent agreement on AYA’s HRQOL was moderate (ICC 0.62, 95% CI 0.51-0.71), although considerable differences were observed at the individual level. AYA-parent agreement varied with AYA’s and parent's age, seizure control, and family environment. Significance: In the long-term after a diagnosis of epilepsy, AYAs report stable HRQOL over time at the group level, although notable individual differences exist. Seizure control, anxiety/depression, and family environment meaningfully impact AYA’s long-term HRQOL. AYA and parent reports on HRQOL are similar at the group level, although they cannot be used interchangeably, given the large individual differences observed. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of functional (psychogenic nonepileptic) seizures: An international retrospective study$$$ Purpose: We conducted a multicenter international cross-cultural comparative study to investigate clinical semiology and predisposing factors of functional seizures in a large cohort of patients living in different countries around the world. We hypothesized that semiology and predisposing factors of functional seizures differ between various world regions. Methods: We conducted this retrospective observational study in adults with functional seizures admitted to epilepsy centers in Iran, Qatar, USA, France, Georgia, Egypt, and United Arab Emirates (UAE). We assessed and compared the demographic and clinical seizure characteristics of these patients, according to the patients' reports and review of the ictal recordings during video-electroencephalogram (EEG) monitoring. Results: Five hundred nine patients were included (270 from Iran, 74 from Qatar, 63 from France, 43 from the USA, 22 from Egypt, 20 from UAE, and 17 from Georgia). Although all major manifestations of functional seizures (e.g., aura, loss of responsiveness, generalized motor seizures, ictal injury) were seen in all world regions, seizure semiology differed significantly across countries. Auras, ictal urinary incontinence, and ictal injury were more commonly reported by the American patients than patients from other world regions, whereas loss of responsiveness and generalized motor seizures were more frequently observed in the Iranian and American patients than the European and Arab patients. Conclusion: Semiology of functional seizures seems to vary across various regions of the world; socioeconomic, cultural, ethnic, and religious differences may play an essential role in the modulation of functional seizures semiology across different nations and cultures. ER  - 
Changes in caregiver depression, anxiety, and satisfaction with family relationships in families of children who did and did not undergo resective epilepsy surgery$$$ Objective: To evaluate longitudinal changes in caregiver depression, anxiety, and family relationships following resective surgery for pediatric drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE). Methods: This multicenter cohort study involved 177 caregivers of children with DRE aged 4-18 years (63 surgical and 114 nonsurgical). Caregivers completed measures of depression (Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology), anxiety (Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7-item scale), and satisfaction with family relationships (Family Adaptability, Partnership, Growth, Affective, and Resolve scale) at baseline, 6 months, and 1 year. Additional data collected at baseline included child, caregiver, and family sociodemographic and clinical factors as well as family environment (demands and resources). Results: At 1 year, 64% and 27% of surgical and nonsurgical patients were seizure-free, respectively. Linear mixed-effects models found a reduction in caregiver depression (b = −0.85, P =.004) and anxiety (b = −1.09, P =.003), but not family satisfaction (b = 0.18, P =.31) over time. There was no effect of treatment. When seizure outcome was added to the model, seizure freedom was associated with fewer depressive symptoms (b = −1.15, P =.005) and greater family satisfaction (b = 0.65, P =.006), but not anxiety (b = −0.41, P =.42). A greater proportion of caregivers of patients who achieved seizure freedom (32%) versus continued seizures (18%) reported clinically meaningful improvement in depression at 1 year (P =.03). Lower baseline depression (β = 0.42, P <.001), greater family resources (β = −0.18, P =.04), and male caregiver (β = 0.15, P =.02) predicted lower caregiver depression, and lower baseline anxiety (β = 0.47, P <.001), greater family resources (β = −0.24, P =.01), and higher education (β = −0.13, P =.04) predicted lower caregiver anxiety at 1 year. Baseline functioning was the only predictor of family relationships at 1 year (β = 0.49, P <.001). Significance: Caregivers of children who achieved seizure freedom, irrespective of surgical treatment, report fewer depressive symptoms and greater satisfaction with family relationships. Baseline functioning is the strongest predictor of outcome; however, caregivers of families with fewer resources and supports are also at risk of poor psychosocial outcomes. ER  - 
The role of the epilepsy monitoring unit in the investigation of patients with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities$$$ Background: A significant proportion of the people with intellectual disabilities (ID) has epilepsy and lives in institutions. These patients tend to have atypical presentations of epileptic seizures with an increased risk of misdiagnoses. They often have drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) requiring polypharmacy with increased risk of morbidity. The aim of this study was to determine the usefulness of Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) in the diagnosis and management of these patients. Methods: This is a retrospective observational study of people with epilepsy and ID living in institutions that were admitted to the EMU at London Health Sciences Center (LHSC), from January 2014 to December 2016. Results: Out of 1121 patients admitted to the EMU at the LHSC, 1.96% (N = 22) fulfilled the inclusion criteria for this study. The mean age was 34.5 years (interquartile range [IQR]: 28.8–53); 50%(N = 11) were female. Fourteen (63.6%) had generalized epilepsy. Six (27.3%) had a history of status epilepticus. The mean number of antiseizure medications (ASMs) in those patients was three (IQR: 2–4). Eight (36.4%) patients had severely impaired or no language skills and seven (31.8%) required wheelchair. Eleven (50%) had a mood disorder and seven (31.8%) of them were taking antipsychotic medications. The mean duration of admission duration was 6.6 days (IQR: 3.5–8.5). There was a clinical-electrographic correlation between the behavioral events and epileptic seizures in nineteen (86.4%) of the patients. Conclusions: Admission to the EMU provided an accurate characterization of transient events in people with ID and epilepsy with improvement in their medical management. ER  - 
Suicidal behavior among people with epilepsy in Northwest Ethiopia: A comparative cross-sectional study$$$ Introduction: Premature mortality is common in people with epilepsy, but the causes vary where suicide is considered as one of the commonest. Objective: The objective of this study was to compare suicidal behavior between people with epilepsy and the general population and identify associated factors in Northwest Ethiopia. Methods: We have conducted a comparative cross-sectional study in Northwest Ethiopia. We have selected people with epilepsy from outpatient departments and the comparisons from the general population. Suicidal behavior was assessed by the revised version of Suicidal Behaviors Questionnaire (SBQ-R). Logistic regression was implemented to look for associations between factors and the dependent variable. Results: The prevalence of suicidal behavior in people with epilepsy was 18.2%, significantly higher than the community sample, which was 9.8% (p-value = .001). This difference persists in the multivariable logistic regression model by which the odds of suicidal behavior in people with epilepsy was two times more as compared to the community sample. Other variables positively associated with suicidal behavior for the overall sample were depressive symptoms, no formal education, divorced/widowed marital status, and higher perceived criticism. Better social support was protective factor for suicidal behavior. Conclusion: The proportion of suicidal behavior is twofold higher in people with epilepsy than the general population. Routine screening for suicide risk should be an integral part of epilepsy treatment. ER  - 
Enhancing epilepsy self-management and quality of life for adults with epilepsy with varying social and educational backgrounds using PAUSE to Learn Your Epilepsy$$$ Purpose: People with epilepsy (PWE) come from a wide variety of social backgrounds and educational skillsets, making self-management (SM) education for improving their condition challenging. Here, we evaluated whether a mobile technology-based personalized epilepsy SM education intervention, PAUSE to Learn Your Epilepsy (PAUSE), improves SM measures such as self-efficacy, epilepsy SM behaviors, epilepsy outcome expectations, quality of life (QOL), and personal impact of epilepsy in adults with epilepsy. Methods: Recruitment for the PAUSE study occurred from October 2015 to March 2019. Ninety-one PWE were educated using an Internet-enabled computer tablet application that downloads custom, patient-specific educational programs from Epilepsy.com. Validated self-reported questionnaires were used for outcome measures. Participants were assessed at baseline (T0), the first follow-up at completion of the PWE-paced 8–12-week SM education intervention (T1), and the second follow-up at least 3 months after the first follow-up (T2). Multiple linear regression was used to assess within-subject significant changes in outcome measures between these time points. Results: The study population was diverse and included individuals with a wide variety of SM educational needs and abilities. The median time for the first follow-up assessment (T1) was approximately 4 months following the baseline (T0) and 8 months following baseline for the second follow-up assessment (T2). Participants showed significant improvement in all SM behaviors, self-efficacy, outcome expectancy, QOL, and personal impact of epilepsy measures from T0 to T1. Participants who scored lower at baseline tended to show greater improvement at T1. Similarly, results showed that participant improvement was sustained in the majority of SM measures from T1 to T2. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that a mobile technology-based personalized SM intervention is feasible to implement. The results provide evidence that epilepsy SM behavior and practices, QOL, outcome expectation for epilepsy treatment and management, self-efficacy, and outcome expectation and impact of epilepsy significantly improve following a personalized SM education intervention. This underscores a greater need for a pragmatic trial to test the effectiveness of personalized SM education, such as PAUSE to Learn Your Epilepsy, in broader settings specifically for the unique needs of the hard-to-reach and hard-to-treat population of PWE. ER  - 
The experience of trial participation, treatment approaches and perceptions of change among participants with dissociative seizures within the CODES randomized controlled trial: A qualitative study$$$ Background: Nested within a large, multicenter randomized controlled trial (RCT) for people with dissociative seizures (DS), the study used purposive sampling to explore participants' experience of participating in an RCT, their experience of DS-specific cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and another component of the RCT, Standardized Medical Care (SMC) and their perceptions of and reflections on seizure management and change. Methods: A qualitative study using semistructured interviews was conducted with 30 participants in an RCT (the COgnitive behavioral therapy vs standardized medical care for adults with Dissociative non-Epileptic Seizures (CODES) Trial) investigating the effectiveness of two treatments for DS. Key themes and subthemes were identified using thematic framework analysis (TFA). Results: Analysis yielded three overarching themes: taking part in a treatment trial — “the only thing out there”, the experience of treatment techniques that were perceived to help with seizure management, and reflections on an “unpredictable recovery”. Conclusions: People with DS are amenable to participating in a psychotherapy RCT and described a largely positive experience. They also described the applicability of aspects of DS-specific CBT and SMC in the management of their DS, received within the confines of the CODES trial. Factors that appeared to account for the variability in response to treatment delivery included individual preferences for the nature of sessions, the nature of therapeutic relationships, readiness to discuss trauma, other aspects of emotional avoidance, and whether therapy provided something new. ER  - 
Stigma in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: There is scarce literature on stigma in families living with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Using a cohort of patients with epileptic seizures (ES) and their caregivers as controls, we aimed to quantify the level of patient and caregiver stigma in PNES and identify associations of patient and caregiver characteristics with it. Methods: Patients with PNES and ES and their caregivers completed surveys about demographic, clinical, and psychosocial characteristics. Multivariate regression analysis was used to identify correlates of patient and caregiver stigma. Results: Forty-three patients with PNES and 165 patients with ES were recruited. Compared with patients with ES, patients with PNES had shorter disease duration, higher seizure frequency, normal diagnostic data, poorer psychosocial health, and fewer antiseizure medications (ASMs). A total of 76.5% of patients with PNES and 59.5% of patients with ES felt stigmatized. Patient stigma level was higher in patients with PNES compared with those with ES, and it was negatively associated with patient quality of life (QOL). Additionally, 28 caregivers of patients with PNES and 99 caregivers of patients with ES were recruited. There were no significant demographic, caregiving, or psychosocial differences between the two caregiver cohorts. Seventy-two percent of caregivers of patients with PNES and 47% of caregivers of patients with ES felt stigmatized. Caregiver stigma level was also higher in caregivers of patients with PNES compared with caregivers of patients with ES, and it was negatively associated with patient QOL and positively associated with patient and caregiver anxiety. Conclusion: Compared with those with ES, patients and caregivers living with PNES experience stigma more frequently and to a higher extent. Patient QOL emerges as a consistent correlate of that stigma. ER  - 
Psychiatric co-morbidities and factors associated with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: a case–control study$$$ Purpose: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) offer an immense diagnostic and therapeutic challenge. We sought to determine socioeconomic, psychological and demographic factors in PNES compared to age and gender matched epilepsy patients as well as healthy controls. We also examined psychiatric co-morbidities in PNES and epilepsy patients. Methods: We conducted a case-control study at a tertiary centre in India with three groups including PNES only, age and gender matched epilepsy only and healthy participants. Factors including marital status, family type, education level and psychiatric comorbidities etc. were compared between the three groups. Details of PNES semiology, duration of event and disease were collected. Psychiatric assessment included MINI International Diagnostic Interview based on DSM-IV criteria and Holmes–Rahe Social Readjustment Scale for stress evaluation. The modified Kuppuswamy scale was used to assess socio-economic status. Results: We enrolled 100 PNES patients (mean age 26.1 ± 10.8 years), 100 epilepsy patients (23.5 ± 9.6 years) and 100 healthy controls (28.9 ± 11.0 years). Ninety per cent of participants were female. Significant factors associated with PNES included family history of epilepsy [OR 20.3 (2.6–155.6) (p = 0.004)], low education including literate/illiterate status [OR 14.1 (2.5–78.9) (p = 0.003)], interpersonal conflict [OR 2.4 (1.1–6.0) (p = 0.05)] and presence of psychiatric comorbidity [OR 60.5 (24.1–152.2) (p < 0.001)] of which major depression was the most common. The current suicide risk was significantly elevated in PNES compared to epilepsy patients (p < 0.001). PNES disease duration correlated with presence of current depression, dysthymia and suicidality but not with other psychiatric comorbidities. Conclusions: Our results highlight that several socio-economic and demographic factors are associated with occurrence of PNES. High rates of psychiatric comorbidities including current suicide risk emphasise the need for a collaborative neuropsychiatric approach. ER  - 
History of violence/maltreatment and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: To study the association of earlier violence/maltreatment with the occurrence of PNES in a nationwide population sample. Methods: This is a nested case-control study performed using Swedish nationwide registers. Cases were all individuals born in Sweden between 1941 and 2009 with incident PNES between 2001 and 2013 while resident in Sweden according to the Swedish Patient Register. For each case, 10 controls, alive and PNES-free at time of PNES diagnosis of the matched case, were randomly selected from the Swedish Total Population Register, matched on age and sex. To test the specificity of the association, we conducted two similar analyses for epilepsy and dissociative disorder with motor symptoms or deficit, as comparators to PNES. Registers were examined in search of all coded diagnoses of child maltreatment or violence episodes before the index date among the cases and controls. Results: 885 patients received a first diagnosis of PNES. 7.6 % of cases had a history of violence/maltreatment, compared to 1.1 % of controls, giving a crude OR of 7.9 (95 % CI: 3.7–11.0). The ORs decreased but remained significant after adjustment for socio-economic factors (OR = 6.3, 95 % CI: 4.4–9.0) and psychiatric comorbidities (OR = 5.2, 95 % CI: 3.5–7.9). The association was also evident for epilepsy and dissociative disorder, although of lower magnitude. Conclusion: Patients with PNES have a history of violence/maltreatment more frequently than the rest of the population. This association can be influenced by socio-economic factors and the presence of concurrent psychiatric disturbances. ER  - 
Atypical duration of epileptic and psychogenic nonepileptic events$$$ Objectives: We aimed to estimate the frequency of epileptic seizures (ES) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) with atypical duration in our epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU), in order to raise awareness of atypical durations of both types of events. Materials & methods: We retrospectively reviewed all consecutive video-electroencephalogram (vEEG) recordings in our medical center's EMU from January 2013 to December 2017 and identified patients with seizures with atypical duration. Short PNES were defined as those lasting fewer than 2 min and long ES as those lasting for more than 5 min. Results: The files of 830 adult (age > 16 years) patients were reviewed, of whom 26 patients (3.1%, mean age: 33.3 ± 9.8 years, 12 females) were diagnosed as having an unusual seizure duration. Among 432 patients with ES during monitoring, fourteen patients [3.2% (95% confidence interval (CI): 1.5%–5.0%), mean age: 33.0 ± 12.2, 5 females [had long ES durations (exceeding 5 min). In 64% of patients with long ES, the events were provoked by antiepileptic drug (AED) withdrawal during vEEG, 62% had focal lesion on brain imaging, and 64% had a frontotemporal or a temporal seizure focus. Among 223 patients diagnosed with PNES, 12 patients [5.4% (95% CI: 2.2%–8.6%), mean age: 33.6 ± 6.6, 7 females] had short PNES durations (less than 2 min) and demonstrated motor (9/12, 75%), altered responsiveness (6/12, 50%), and vocalization (5/12, 42%) as the most prominent clinical features. Conclusions: The data from our case files highlight two main considerations in the diagnosis of paroxysmal events: prolonged event can be due to ES, while short events can be psychogenic. ER  - 
Frequency and predictors of 30-day readmission after an index hospitalization for generalized convulsive status epilepticus: A nationwide study$$$ Objective: The objective of the study was to assess the frequency and factors associated with all-cause 30-day readmission among patients hospitalized with generalized convulsive status epilepticus (GCSE) in a nationwide sample in the United States. Methods: We used The 2014 Nationwide Readmission Database (NRD) as the data source. We included adults (age ≥ 18 years) with a primary discharge diagnosis of GCSE, identified using the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) code 345.3. We excluded patients who died during hospitalization and those who had missing information on the length of stay (LOS). We also excluded those discharged in December 2014. We computed the overall 30-day readmission rate and compared prespecified groups by their 30-day readmission status. We applied a multiple logistic regression analysis to identify independent predictors of all-cause 30-day readmission adjusting for potential confounders. Results: Among 14,562 (weighted 31,062) adults discharged with a diagnosis of GCSE, 2520 (17.3%) were readmitted within 30 days. In multivariate analysis, patients with comorbid conditions (odds ratio (OR) for Charlson Comorbidities Index (CCI) = 1 and ≥ 2 was 1.12, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.0–1.36 and 1.32, 95% CI: 1.17–1.48, respectively), LOS > 6 days (OR: 1.42; 95% CI: 1.05–192), discharged against medical advice (OR: 1.45; 95% CI: 1.09–1.92), or discharged to a short-term hospital (OR: 1.39; 95% CI: 1.0–1.88), had higher odds of 30-day readmission, while there was an inverse association for those aged ≥ 45 years or with high income. Seizures were the most common cause associated with readmission, followed by sepsis and cerebrovascular diseases, respectively. Significance: Little is known about the frequency and predictors of early readmission after GCSE. This study showed that more than one in six patients with GCSE was readmitted within 30 days after discharge. More considerable attention to high-risk subgroups may identify opportunities to ameliorate the clinical outcome and lessen the economic burden of early readmission after GCSE. ER  - 
Validation of the Serbian version of the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile of antiseizure therapy in patients with epilepsy$$$ The Liverpool Adverse Event Profile (LAEP) is a useful instrument in assessing the consequences of adverse events in patients using antiseizure medication. The LAEP scale has been validated in several languages to date. The aim of our study was to validate the LAEP scale in the Serbian language (SVLAEP). Validation of the SVLAEP scale was conducted by translating the original English version into the Serbian language and backtranslated into the English language. The translation was accepted when the two versions of the text were compatible. The questionnaire is then given to a group of patients with epilepsy treated with a stable dose of antiseizure medication. For the assessment of the quality of life and depression, we used the Serbian version of the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-31 (SVQOLIE-31) and the Serbian version of the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (SVNDDI-E). From a total of 166 patients, 118 patients were included, and the remaining 48 were excluded because of other comorbidities and using other psychotropic drugs. Internal consistency (Cronbach's α = 0.87) and test–retest reliability (intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) = 0.80) were satisfactory. The SVLAEP and SVQOLIE-31 had a strong negative statistical correlation (rs = − 0.73; p < 0.001). The SVLAEP and SVNDDI-E final scores had a positive moderate correlation (rs = 0.52; p < 0.001). A moderate negative statistical correlation was found between SVNDDI-E and SVQOLIE-31 (rs = − 0.56; p < 0.001). Our study showed that the LAEP scale is a useful indicator for the frequency of the adverse events in antiepileptic drug (AED) usage, despite a minor overlap with the symptoms of depression. ER  - 
Enlarged hippocampal fissure in psychosis of epilepsy$$$ Psychosis of epilepsy (POE) can be a devastating condition, and its neurobiological basis remains unclear. In a previous study, we identified reduced posterior hippocampal volumes in patients with POE. The hippocampus can be further subdivided into anatomically and functionally distinct subfields that, along with the hippocampal fissure, have been shown to be selectively affected in other psychotic disorders and are not captured by gross measures of hippocampal volume. Therefore, in this study, we compared the volume of selected hippocampal subfields and the hippocampal fissure in 31 patients with POE with 31 patients with epilepsy without psychosis. Cortical reconstruction, volumetric segmentation, and calculation of hippocampal subfields and the hippocampal fissure were performed using FreeSurfer. The group with POE had larger hippocampal fissures bilaterally compared with controls with epilepsy, which was significant on the right. There were no significant differences in the volumes of the hippocampal subfields between the two groups. Our findings suggest abnormal development of the hippocampus in POE. They support and expand the neurodevelopmental model of psychosis, which holds that early life stressors lead to abnormal neurodevelopmental processes, which underpin the onset of psychosis in later life. In line with this model, the findings of the present study suggest that enlarged hippocampal fissures may be a biomarker of abnormal neurodevelopment and risk for psychosis in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Long-term safety and efficacy of brivaracetam in adults with focal seizures: Results from an open-label, multinational, follow-up trial$$$ Background: This long-term follow-up (LTFU) trial was conducted to evaluate the long-term safety and tolerability of brivaracetam (BRV) at individualized doses (maximum of 200 mg/day) in patients with focal seizures. The secondary objective was to evaluate the efficacy of BRV over time. Methods: Two Phase III, randomized, double-blind, historical-controlled conversion-to-monotherapy trials (N01276: NCT00698581; N01306: NCT00699283) were conducted in patients aged ≥16 years with uncontrolled focal seizures. Patients who completed either of these core trials or who met a protocol-defined exit criterion could enter this LTFU trial (N01315; NCT00761774). Patients entered LTFU at a recommended BRV dose of 100 mg/day, with flexible dosing of 50–200 mg/day, as monotherapy or adjunctive therapy; additional AEDs could be prescribed and adapted in dose if clinically indicated. Safety variables included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Efficacy variables included duration of continuous monotherapy, reduction in focal seizure frequency and seizure freedom. Safety and efficacy variables were assessed for all patients in the safety set or efficacy set, respectively, regardless of BRV treatment regimen. In addition, a post hoc subgroup analysis was conducted for patients who completed the BRV monotherapy period in either core trial, and entered the LTFU on BRV monotherapy. For this subgroup, TEAEs were summarized by 3-month time intervals over the first 12 months of LTFU. Results: 108 patients were enrolled in the LTFU trial between November 2008 and February 2010. 79 (73.1 %) patients discontinued the LTFU trial, most commonly due to lack of efficacy [37 (34.3 %)] and adverse events [16 (14.8 %)]. At core trial baseline, patients had a median of 6.3 focal seizures/28 days and 53 (49.1 %) had failed ≥5 previous lifetime AEDs. During LTFU, 70 (64.8 %) patients had ≥12 months and 56 (51.9 %) patients had ≥24 months of BRV treatment. TEAEs were reported by 98 (90.7 %) patients; most commonly (≥15 % of patients) convulsion (17.6 %), nasopharyngitis (17.6 %), depression (16.7 %) and fatigue (15.7 %). Median percent reduction from baseline in focal seizure frequency/28 days was 56.8 %. Among 86 patients who completed at least 6 months of treatment, 29 (33.7 %) patients were seizure-free for ≥6 months and 22 (25.6 %) were seizure-free for ≥12 months. 50/108 patients were included in the BRV monotherapy subgroup; 33/50 (66.0 %) patients reported a TEAE in the core trials, while 26/50 (52.0 %), 15/37 (40.5 %), 14/33 (42.4 %) and 9/27 (33.3 %) patients reported any TEAE during LTFU months 1–3, 4–6, 7–9 and 10–12, respectively. In the BRV monotherapy subgroup, the most common TEAEs (≥5% of patients) during LTFU months 1–3 were fatigue [3/50 (6.0 %)] and dizziness [3/50 (6.0 %)]. Interpretation: Results from the LTFU trial support the long-term safety of BRV at individualized doses of up to 200 mg/day as a well-tolerated, and effective treatment for patients with focal seizures. Efficacy analyses indicate that seizure reductions with brivaracetam were generally maintained over time. ER  - 
Longitudinal trajectory of quality of life and psychological outcomes following epilepsy surgery$$$ Objective: This study investigated self-reported longitudinal quality of life (QOL) and symptoms of depression and anxiety in patients who had resective surgery. The study characterized the extent, sustainability, and longitudinal trajectory of psychosocial postsurgical outcomes. Methods: This retrospective study included adults who underwent resective epilepsy surgery in Cleveland Clinic Epilepsy Center between 2008 and 2013. Clinic visits were between October 2007 and December 2014. Data studied were from visits prior to surgery, early postsurgery follow-up (mean: 0.9 years; range: 0.5 to 3.4), and most recent follow-up (mean: 3.2 years; range: 0.8 to 6.9). Patient demographics, clinical features, and surgical factors were collected. Analysis focused on self-reported quality of life (QOLIE-10), depression (PHQ-9), and anxiety (GAD-7). Results: The study included 229 adults, of whom 178 had complete follow-up with data from all three time points. Following surgery, scores on Quality of life in epilepsy inventory (QOLIE-10), Patient health questionnaire (PHQ-9), and General anxiety disorder (GAD-7) improved significantly with time. After adjusting for gender, age, marital status, and type of surgery using linear modeling, the mean QOLIE-10 score decreased by 1.157 points/year, mean PHQ-9 score by 0.331 points/year, and mean GAD-7 score by 0.299 points/year. Improvement in QOL continued to be observed throughout the follow-up duration, whereas both depression and anxiety improved the most within the first postoperative year and then stabilized. Seizure freedom was strongly correlated with improved QOL (p = 0.001), while depressive symptoms showed a nonstatistically significant correlation with worse QOL (p = 0.07). Patients who underwent frontal resection had significantly superior QOL and depression symptom improvement compared with temporal resections during full data analysis (QOLIE-10, p = 0.024; PHQ-9, p = 0.027), but only significant depression symptom improvement on secondary analysis of complete follow-up patients only (PHQ, p = 0.040; QOL, p = 0.104). Significance: This study provides a longitudinal perspective of QOL and psychological symptoms in patients with postresective epilepsy with a cohort with 38% extratemporal cases. Results illustrate positive trajectory of psychosocial outcomes postsurgery with early QOL and mood improvement, and years of further QOL gains. Frontal lobe surgery patients may have superior improvement in some psychosocial measures compared with temporal lobe surgery patients. ER  - 
Psychosis rarely occurs in patients with late-onset focal epilepsy$$$ Aims: We examined psychosis occurrence in patients with late-onset focal epilepsy. Subjects and methods: Case records of consecutive patients with focal epilepsy without central nervous system (CNS) disease (n = 873) were retrospectively examined, with gender, age at epilepsy onset, duration of epilepsy, epilepsy type (temporal or extratemporal), and age at the initial examination used as clinical and demographic variables. Patients with onset ≤ 49 years old (control) were compared with those with late-onset. Results: In the control group (n = 775), 38 had a history of psychosis, while none in the late-onset group (n = 98) reported that (p = 0.016). Psychosis was only interictal in 32 and predominantly postictal in 6, while 2 patients showed both interictal and postictal psychosis. Duration of illness (p = 0.000001) and temporal lobe epilepsy (p = 0.000343) were significant determinants associated with psychosis. Gender (p = 0.210) and age at examination (p = 0.084) were found to be not contributory to psychosis. Discussion: The prevalence for a history of psychosis in the present cohort (2.5%) agrees well with that noted in previous studies, and duration of illness proved to be the most powerful determining factor leading to that. A keen awareness of unrecognized underlying CNS or metabolic disease is important when psychosis appears in patients with nonlesional late-onset epilepsy, which should lead to an in-depth investigation of possible underlying and still uncovered CNS disease. ER  - 
Epilepsy characteristics and cognitive, social, and mood functions in relation to intrinsic religiosity$$$ Purpose: The purpose of the study was to relate the Intrinsic Religiosity Inventory (IRI) with clinical epilepsy variables, the occurrence of depressive symptoms, and the quality of life (QoL) of 169 adult people with epilepsy (PWEs). Data were compared with those of a similar control group (CG) without psychiatric disorders, with p < 0.05. Results: A higher intrinsic religiosity (IR) was observed in PWEs when compared with the CG. Impairment in multiple cognitive domains was found in 41 (24.2%) cases, and a score > 15 in the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy was observed in 44 (26%) cases. In PWE, a greater IR was associated with the use of more than one antiepileptic drug (AED), epileptiform activity (EA) in the left hemisphere, temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis (TLE-HS), and the absence of depressive disorders. An early age of onset and the social functioning dimension of the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31) were the predictive factors for a higher IR in the linear multivariate regression analysis. Conclusion: The IR was significantly higher in PWE. A higher IR was related to TLE-HS, EA in the left hemisphere, later onset of epilepsy, a better performance in the semantic verbal fluency (SVF) test, and the absence of depressive disorders, suggesting a complex neurophysiological relationship involving multiple factors. ER  - 
Self-efficacy in seizure management differentially correlated with quality of life in persons with epilepsy depending on seizure recurrence and felt stigma$$$ Purpose: We determined whether self-efficacy in seizure management differentially correlated with health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in persons with epilepsy depending on seizure recurrence and felt stigma. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 312 adults with epilepsy. To determine which risk factors affected the benefits of self-efficacy for HRQoL, an analysis of covariance with an interaction term was used. The Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-10 (QOLIE-10), the Epilepsy Self-Efficacy Scale (ESES), the Stigma Scale for Epilepsy (SS-E), and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) were assessed. Results: QOLIE-10 scores positively correlated with ESES score and employed status, but negatively correlated with HADS scores, SS-E score ≥1, seizure frequency, and antiepileptic drug (AED) polytherapy. There were significant interaction effects between ESES score and 2-year seizure status (p = 0.025) or SS-E score ≥ 1 (p = 0.009) on QOLIE-10 scores. Self-efficacy in epilepsy management correlated with QOLIE-10 scores only in subjects that had experienced uncontrolled seizures (B = 0.090, p = 0.003) or refractory seizures (B = 0.158, p = 0.020) and in subjects with felt stigma (SS-E ≥ 1) (B = 0.183, p < 0.001). Contrastingly, generalized tonic-clonic seizure recurrence (p = 0.420), AED polytherapy (p = 0.667), depressive symptoms (p = 0.663), and anxiety (p = 0.503) did not interact with self-efficacy. Conclusions: The relationship between epilepsy self-efficacy and overall HRQoL may differ depending on seizure recurrence and felt stigma. Our findings would be helpful for designing psychosocial interventions to improve HRQoL in persons with epilepsy. ER  - 
Validation of the Status epilepticus severity score (STESS) at high-complexity hospitals in Medellín, Colombia$$$ Purpose: The Status Epilepticus Severity Score (STESS) is one of the most well-known clinical scoring systems to predict mortality in status epilepticus (SE). The objective of this study was to validate STESS in a Colombian population. Method: We evaluated historical data of adult patients (age ≥16 years) with a clinical or electroencephalographic diagnosis of SE admitted between 2014 and 2017. Prospectively, we included patients admitted from January to June of 2018. The primary outcome was in-hospital mortality. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC)-analysis, determination of best cutoff values, sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative likelihood ratios were performed. Results: The sample was 395 patients, with in-hospital mortality of 16.8 %. The area under the ROC curve for STESS was 0.84. A cutoff point of ≥3 produced the highest sensitivity of 84.9 % (95 % CI 73.9 %-92.5 %) and a specificity of 65.7 % (95 % CI 60.2 %–70.8 %), with a positive likelihood ratio of 2.5 and a negative likelihood ratio of 0.2. Conclusions: STESS is a useful tool to predict mortality in patients with SE. In Medellin, Colombia, a STESS < 3 allows the identification of the patients who survive reliably. Those patients with a score <3 may have a better prognosis, and treatment with fewer side effects than anaesthetics could be suggested, always remembering the importance of the treating physician's clinical judgement. ER  - 
Trastuzumab emtansine plus atezolizumab versus trastuzumab emtansine plus placebo in previously treated, HER2-positive advanced breast cancer (KATE2): a phase 2, multicentre, randomised, double-blind trial$$$ Background: HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer is incurable and new treatments are needed. Addition of atezolizumab to trastuzumab emtansine might potentiate anticancer immunity and enhance the HER2-targeted cytotoxic activity of trastuzumab emtansine. We aimed to test this combination in HER2-positive advanced breast cancer that had progressed after previous treatment with trastuzumab and a taxane. Methods: The KATE2 study is a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2 study at 68 centres from nine countries across Asia, Australia, North America, and western Europe. Eligible patients were adults (aged ≥18 years) with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1 and centrally confirmed, measurable, HER2-positive advanced breast cancer previously treated with trastuzumab and a taxane. Patients were randomly assigned (2:1) either trastuzumab emtansine (3·6 mg/kg of bodyweight) plus atezolizumab (1200 mg) or trastuzumab emtansine plus placebo; all study drugs were administered by intravenous infusion every 3 weeks. Randomisation was done via an interactive voice and web response system using a permuted block scheme (block size of six) and was stratified by PD-L1 status, world region, and liver metastases. Patients, investigators, and study team members were masked to treatment allocation. The primary endpoint was investigator-assessed progression-free survival in the intention-to-treat population. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02924883, and the study has been completed. Findings: Between Sept 26, 2016, and Aug 7, 2017, 330 patients were screened for the study, of whom 202 were randomly allocated either atezolizumab (n=133) or placebo (n=69). At the recommendation of the independent data monitoring committee, treatment assignment was unmasked on Dec 11, 2017, due to futility and the numerically higher frequency of adverse events among patients assigned atezolizumab. This date was set as the clinical cutoff for the primary analysis. Median follow-up was 8·5 months (IQR 6·1–11·5) for patients assigned atezolizumab and 8·4 months (5·3–11·1) for those assigned placebo. Median progression-free survival was 8·2 months (95% CI 5·8–10·7) for patients assigned atezolizumab versus 6·8 months (4·0–11·1) for those assigned placebo (stratified hazard ratio 0·82, 95% CI 0·55–1·23; p=0·33). The most common grade 3 or worse adverse events were thrombocytopenia (17 [13%] among 132 patients who received atezolizumab vs three [4%] among 68 who received placebo), increased aspartate aminotransferase (11 [8%] vs two [3%]), anaemia (seven [5%] vs 0), neutropenia (six [5%] vs three [4%]), and increased alanine aminotransferase (six [5%] vs two [3%]). Serious adverse events occurred in 43 (33%) of 132 patients who received atezolizumab and 13 (19%) of 68 patients who received placebo. One patient who received atezolizumab died due to a treatment-related adverse event (haemophagocytic syndrome). Interpretation: Addition of atezolizumab to trastuzumab emtansine did not show a clinically meaningful improvement in progression-free survival and was associated with more adverse events. Further study of trastuzumab emtansine plus atezolizumab is warranted in a subpopulation of patients with PD-L1-positive, HER2-positive advanced breast cancer. Funding: F Hoffman-La Roche. ER  - 
A TRAPPED MIND: CASE OF A 25-YEAR-OLD FEMALE WITH NMDA RECEPTOR ENCEPHALITIS$$$ SESSION TITLE: Medical Student/Resident Critical Care Posters SESSION TYPE: Med Student/Res Case Rep Postr PRESENTED ON: October 18-21, 2020 INTRODUCTION: Anti N-methyl- D- Aspartate (NMDA) receptor encephalitis is an auto antibody mediated disorder against NR1-NR2 NMDA receptors, which are essential for the normal neuronal function. It is largely associated with ovarian teratomas in young women, however has been reported in extremes of age and in males as well. Our case report is about one such young female, presenting with new psychotic behavior with rapid deterioration. CASE PRESENTATION: This is a case of a previously healthy 25 y/o female with a h/o marijuana and Xanax abuse, who was brought in to the emergency room by police for psychotic symptoms, threatening family with a knife. CT head and EEG were unremarkable. Patient was presumptively treated for drug abuse, but despite initial supportive management in ICU, she deteriorated to the point of becoming catatonic and ventilator/PEG tube dependent. MRI Brain showed prominent, diffuse leptomeningeal enhancement concerning for meningitis/ encephalitis (figure 1). Given the reproductive age group and symptoms, an US of the pelvis was performed, which only revealed an ovarian complex cyst. However, owing to the strong suspicion for autoimmune encephalitis, CT A/P and MRI of the abdomen were done, which were both consistent with a mature teratoma of the L ovary (figure 2). Subsequently lumbar puncture was performed which was negative for meningitis, and patient was empirically and aggressively treated for NMDA encephalitis with L oophorectomy, plasma exchange therapy, steroids and IVIG. CSF studies later came back with positive NMDA antibody titer of 1:512. Over the course of 43 days patient was eventually discharged home, alert, oriented, following commands, conversing, breathing on room air, ambulating and tolerating oral diet. DISCUSSION: NMDAR encephalitis is an autoimmune driven encephalitis causing dysfunctional neuronal signaling. It initially presents as vague prodromal symptoms which rapidly progress to a multitude of psychiatric symptoms, autonomic instability and seizures. Definitively diagnosed through CSF NMDA antibody titers, first line treatment involves teratoma resection, plasma exchange therapy, IVIG and steroids. It is an uncommon diagnosis and requires a high index of suspicion. It should definitely be a consideration in a woman of reproductive age with new onset psychiatric/neurologic symptoms. Often misdiagnosed as idiopathic encephalitis or primary psychiatric illness, it can potentially subject a patient to a life of forever dependence. Failure to diagnose can also be devastating to patients socially, like our patient who is in a custody dispute and marriage dissolution for “erratic behavior”. CONCLUSIONS: Given the unconventional but curable treatment options, it is imperative to keep NMDAR encephalitis on our differential diagnosis, in appropriate patients. Early diagnosis and prompt aggressive treatment leads to best clinical outcomes. Reference #1: Kayser MS, Dalmau J. Anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, autoimmunity, and psychosis. Schizophrenia Research. 2016;176 (1): 36. Reference #2: Prüss H, Dalmau J, et al. Retrospective analysis of NMDA receptor antibodies in encephalitis of unknown origin. Neurology. 2010;75(19):1735. Reference #3: Titulaer MJ, McCracken L, et al. Treatment and prognostic factors for long-term outcome in patients with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis: an observational cohort study. Lancet Neurol. 2013;12(2):157. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by arpana bansal, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Emma Dishner, source=Web Response no disclosure on file for Adan (Adam) Mora; No relevant relationships by Laila Yazdani, source=Web Response ER  - 
Preventing epilepsy after traumatic brain injury: A propensity score analysis$$$ Background: Due to the potential consequences of post-traumatic epilepsy (PTE) exacerbating secondary injury following traumatic brain injury (TBI), the use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) is an accepted option for seizure prophylaxis. However, there is only a paucity of data that can be found regarding outcomes surrounding the use of AEDs. The purpose of this retrospective study is to evaluate whether the prophylactic administration of AEDs significantly decreased the incidence of PTE, when considering the severity of TBI. Methods: All trauma patients who had been newly diagnosed with TBI from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2017 were retrospectively analyzed. Statistical comparisons were made using the chi-square test, Mann-Whitney U test, and Cox regression modeling. After excluding any exposed subjects with no appropriate match, patients who had received AED prophylaxis were matched by propensity score with those who did not receive AEDs. All of the TBI populations were followed up until June 30, 2018. Results: We identified 1316 patients who met the inclusion and exclusion criteria in our matched cohort through their propensity scores, where 138 patients had been receiving prophylactic AEDs and 138 patients had not. Baseline characteristics were similar in gender, age, Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) scores, and risk factors of PTE including skull fracture, chronic alcoholism, subdural hematoma, epidural hematoma, and intracerebral hematoma. After adjusting for those risk factors, the relative incidence of seizure was not statistically significant in either of the groups (p = 0.566). Conclusion: In our cohort analysis, AED prophylaxis was ineffective in preventing seizures, as the rate of seizures was similar whether patients had been receiving the drugs or not. We therefore concluded that the benefits of routine prophylactic anticonvulsant therapy in patients with TBI need to be re-evaluated. ER  - 
42.20 VAPING AND DABBING: THE COST OF BEING COOL$$$ Objectives: Vaping is a common vehicle for the administration of nicotine and cannabis among adolescents in the United States. Dabbing, the inhalation of a highly concentrated form of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), also appears to be quickly proliferating as a trendy way to use marijuana, raising health and safety concerns. This literature review aims to educate providers on the prevalence of vaping and dabbing among youth and to highlight their deleterious effects. Methods: We used the keywords “vaping” and “dabbing” in Google Scholar, PubMed, and Scopus. We restricted our search to articles published in the last decade (2010-2020) in the English language. Our initial search showed 87 articles, from which we chose 8 articles that directly address the prevalence of vaping and dabbing among youth and their effects on youth’s physical and mental health. Of those 8 articles, 1 is a case control, 1 is a retrospective cohort, 1 is a literature review, 2 are commentary articles, and 3 are cross-sectional studies. Results: The increase in nicotine vaping among youth in the 10th and 12th grades is the largest ever recorded for any substance in the past 44 years. Among high school students, e-cigarette use increased from 1.5% in 2011 to 20.8% in 2018. E-cigarette fluids have been shown to contain potentially toxic compounds, including trace metal elements and bacterial endotoxins, which might lead to acute respiratory distress syndrome and diffuse alveolar hemorrhage. Thirty-five cases of seizures following the use of e-cigarettes between 2010 and early 2019 have been identified, with most reports involving youth. E-cigarette fluid with cannabis use also appears to impair executive function in an age-dependent and dose-responsive manner, with adolescent-onset cannabis users demonstrating more severe cognitive impairment than adult-onset users. Accidental injuries with dabbing, including burns and explosions as a result of the butane extraction, have been reported. There is also an increased risk of addiction and psychosis associated with the highly concentrated THC substance. Conclusions: Various new forms of marijuana and nicotine use are emerging and increasing in popularity among youth. It is of the utmost importance that providers are familiar with such substances and devices in order to educate and treat patients in this worrisome epidemic. ADOL, SUD ER  - 
The comparison of hemodynamic effect of propofol and thiopental during electroconvulsive therapy: A prospective randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: To compare the hemodynamic effects of propofol with thiopental during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in psychiatric patients at the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital. Materials and Methods: Fifteen patients with ASA physical status I-II undergoing 139 ECT sessions participated in this study. Each patient randomly received either propofol or thiopental followed by succinylcholine for muscle relaxation. The systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), mean arterial blood pressure (MAP), heart rate (HR), oxygen saturation (SpO2), and bispectral index (BIS) were recorded before anesthetic induction, after induction, before seizure, immediately at the end of the seizure, and at post anesthetic care unit (PACU). Results: At two to seven minutes after induction, SBP, and DBP was significantly higher in thiopental group than propofol group after receiving treatments (approximately 11 to 22 mmHg, 6 to 13 mmHg, respectively). The HR was significantly decreased in propofol group at two and three minutes (p=0.002), but not significantly different from PACU (p=0.076). The SpO2 was not significantly different between the two groups. Propofol significantly decreased electroencephalographic (EEG) and motor seizure duration (p<0.001). Conclusion: Propofol anesthesia provided better hemodynamic responses than thiopental during ECT. Hence, propofol might be a useful alternative to thiopental in patients at higher risk of cardiac complications secondary to marked hemodynamic changes during ECT. However, the duration of seizure in the propofol group was shorter than in the thiopental group. ER  - 
The emerging spectrum of COVID-19 neurology: Clinical, radiological and laboratory findings$$$ Preliminary clinical data indicate that severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection is associated with neurological and neuropsychiatric illness. Responding to this, a weekly virtual coronavirus disease 19 (COVID-19) neurology multi-disciplinary meeting was established at the National Hospital, Queen Square, in early March 2020 in order to discuss and begin to understand neurological presentations in patients with suspected COVID-19-related neurological disorders. Detailed clinical and paraclinical data were collected from cases where the diagnosis of COVID-19 was confirmed through RNA PCR, or where the diagnosis was probable/possible according to World Health Organization criteria. Of 43 patients, 29 were SARS-CoV-2 PCR positive and definite, eight probable and six possible. Five major categories emerged: (i) encephalopathies (n = 10) with delirium/psychosis and no distinct MRI or CSF abnormalities, and with 9/10 making a full or partial recovery with supportive care only; (ii) inflammatory CNS syndromes (n = 12) including encephalitis (n = 2, para- or post-infectious), acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (n = 9), with haemorrhage in five, necrosis in one, and myelitis in two, and isolated myelitis (n = 1). Of these, 10 were treated with corticosteroids, and three of these patients also received intravenous immunoglobulin; one made a full recovery, 10 of 12 made a partial recovery, and one patient died; (iii) ischaemic strokes (n = 8) associated with a pro-thrombotic state (four with pulmonary thromboembolism), one of whom died; (iv) peripheral neurological disorders (n = 8), seven with Guillain-Barré syndrome, one with brachial plexopathy, six of eight making a partial and ongoing recovery; and (v) five patients with miscellaneous central disorders who did not fit these categories. SARS-CoV-2 infection is associated with a wide spectrum of neurological syndromes affecting the whole neuraxis, including the cerebral vasculature and, in some cases, responding to immunotherapies. The high incidence of acute disseminated encephalomyelitis, particularly with haemorrhagic change, is striking. This complication was not related to the severity of the respiratory COVID-19 disease. Early recognition, investigation and management of COVID-19-related neurological disease is challenging. Further clinical, neuroradiological, biomarker and neuropathological studies are essential to determine the underlying pathobiological mechanisms that will guide treatment. Longitudinal follow-up studies will be necessary to ascertain the long-term neurological and neuropsychological consequences of this pandemic. ER  - 
Joint trajectories of disease activity, and physical and mental health-related quality of life in an inception lupus cohort$$$ Objectives: To examine for latent patterns of SLE disease activity trajectories that associate with specific latent patterns of health-related quality of life (HRQoL; Medical Outcomes Study Short Form-36), and to determine baseline predictors of class membership. Methods: In this retrospective longitudinal inception cohort of 222 SLE adults over 10 years, trajectories of three outcomes were studied jointly: Short Form-36 physical (PCS) and mental (MCS) component summaries and adjusted mean SLEDAI-2000 (AMS). Group-based joint trajectory modelling was used to model latent classes; univariable and multivariable analyses were used to identify predictors of class membership. Results: Four latent classes were identified: Class 1 (C1) (24%) had moderate AMS, and persistently low PCS and MCS; C2 (26%) had low AMS, moderate PCS and improved then worsened MCS; C3 (38%) had moderate AMS, and persistently high PCS and MCS; and C4 (11%) had high AMS, moderate-low PCS and improving MCS. Baseline older age was associated with lower HRQoL trajectories. Higher AMS trajectories did not associate with a particular pattern of HRQoL trajectory. A higher prevalence of fibromyalgia (44% in C1) was associated with worse HRQoL trajectories. Disease manifestations, organ damage and cumulative glucocorticoid were not differentially distributed across the latent classes. Conclusion: High disease activity did not necessarily associate with low HRQoL. More patients with worse HRQoL trajectories had fibromyalgia. Older age at diagnosis increased the probability of belonging to a class with low HRQoL trajectories. The care of SLE patients may be improved through addressing fibromyalgia in addition to disease activity. ER  - 
Treatment outcomes in patients with drug-resistant TB-HIV coinfection treated with bedaquiline and linezolid$$$ BACKGROUND: Bedaquiline (BDQ) has not been extensively studied among patients co-infected with HIV drug-resistant tuberculosis (DR-TB). We compared treatment outcomes in DR-TB patients treated with BDQ- and linezolid (LZD) containing regimens to historic controls treated with second-line injectable-containing regimens. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study of consecutive DR-TB patients initiated on BDQ- and LZD-containing regimens at a TB referral hospital in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. Participants were prospectively followed through 24 months for treatment outcome and adverse events. Outcomes were compared to a historic control cohort of DR-TB HIV patients enrolled at the same facility prior to BDQ introduction. R E S U LT S: Adult DR-TB patients initiating BDQ between January 2014 and November 2015 were enrolled (n ¼ 151). The majority of patients were female (52%), HIV co-infected (77%) and on antiretroviral therapy (100%). End of treatment outcomes included cure (63%), TB culture conversion (83%), completion (0.7%), loss to follow-up (15%), treatment failure (5%), and death (17%). Compared to historic controls (n ¼ 105), patients treated with BDQ experienced significantly higher TB culture conversion and cure, with significantly lower mortality. Adverse effects were common (92%), and most frequently attributed to LZD (24.1%). QT segment prolongation was common but without clinical sequelae. CONCLUSION: Treatment with BDQ- and LZD-containing regimens was associated with improved treatment outcomes and survival in DR-TB HIV patients. ER  - 
Mental health disorders in patients with untreated meningiomas: An observational cohort study using the nationwide marketscan database$$$ Background. Meningiomas are the most common primary tumor of the CNS. Studies investigating the impact of a brain tumor diagnosis on mental health disorders (MHDs) in patients have been limited.The objective of this work is to characterize the incidence and factors affecting the presence of MHDs in untreated meningiomas. Methods. Using a large-scale private payer database, MarketScan, we performed a retrospective study of patients with an untreated meningioma and corresponding MHD. Results. We found that in patients diagnosed with an untreated meningioma, approximately 16% were diagnosed with an MHD within 1 year of the diagnosis of the meningioma. Conclusion. By identifying risk factors, appropriate screening can focus on patients at high-risk for the development of MHD. ER  - 
Neuroacanthocytosis: Beyond movement disorders$$$ Objective: To describe non-movement disorder manifestations in a cohort of 20 cases of neuroacanthocytosis. Methods: Retrospective chart review of patients diagnosed as neuroacanthocytosis. Results: A total of 20 patients (M:F-15:5) with neuroacanthocytosis were reviewed. The mean age at onset was 28.30±7.72 years, and mean duration of illness was 4.33±3.14 years. Of the 20 subjects, 4 reported seizures, and 1 reported psychiatric symptoms at the onset of illness. A non-movement manifestation was observed in 90% (n=18) of the cohort. At least one psychiatric symptom was reported in 65% (n=13) of patients. Depression was the most common followed by excessive talkativeness, OCD and anxiety. Weight loss was reported in 3 patients. Nerve conduction studies were performed in 19 patients and abnormalities were observed in 13 patients -sensorimotor axonal neuropathy (n=9), pure sensory neuropathy (n=3), pure motor neuropathy (n=1). CPK was elevated in all patients, and was more than 1000 in 7 patients. Conclusions: Patients with neuroacanthocytosis may develop a wide array of symptoms which extend beyond the assumed boundaries of movement disorders. Non-movement disorder manifestations may contribute significantly to the disease morbidity and adequate attention should be paid to identifying and treating these symptoms. ER  - 
Identification and quantification of antipsychotics in blood samples by LC–MS-MS: Case reports and data from three years of routine analysis$$$ Antipsychotic drugs (AP) are widely prescribed for the treatment of schizophrenia and psychosis. The pharmacological treatment of schizophrenia is often performed with the simultaneous use of two or more antipsychotic agents to achieve the desired control of psychotic symptoms Available AP include both conventional (typical) and new (atypical) antipsychotic medications. Atypical AP, such as quetiapine, now account for the vast majority of AP prescriptions. In forensic toxicology, AP are of considerable interest because of their potential abuse and their involvement in intoxications and suicides. The authors retrospectively examined AP positive cases detected in samples collected during autopsies performed in the Forensic Clinical and Pathology Service of National Institute of Legal Medicine and Forensic Sciences Centre Branch or in other autopsies carried out in the central region of Portugal, between January 2016 and December 2018. A quantitative liquid chromatography–tandem mass spectrometry assay was developed for the simultaneous determination of 16 AP (amisulpride, aripiprazole, chlorpromazine, clozapine, cyamemazine, fluphenazine, haloperidol, levomepromazine, melperone, olanzapine, paliperidone, promethazine, quetiapine, risperidone, sulpiride and ziprasidone) in blood samples of postmortem cases. The Laboratory of Forensic Chemistry and Toxicology received 3,588 requests for toxicological analysis: 1,413 cases were positive for drugs from which 351 (24.8%) cases were positive for AP, 60.1% from male individuals and 39.9% from female. Quetiapine was the most prevalent AP (36.5%) followed by olanzapine (20.8%). During this period, there were 25 postmortem cases with AP blood concentrations above therapeutic range, in which 36% of those are in agreement with the information received (psychological history or acute intoxication suspicion) and the manner of death was suicide. Our results point that antipsychotics are an increasingly prevalent class of drugs. AP must be measured not only in toxic concentrations but also in therapeutic levels in postmortem cases; therefore, it is important to come up with a sensitive method to cover the low therapeutic range in which AP are usually present. ER  - 
High frequency of clinical conditions commonly associated with mitochondrial disorders in schizophrenia$$$ It has been hypothesised that neuropsychiatric symptoms, including psychosis, can be the result of a milder brain bioenergetic defect produced by mitochondrial dysfunction; however, mitochondrial dysfunction can be present in other organs or systems. The aim of the study was to investigate whether clinical conditions associated with mitochondrial disorders (CAMDs) were frequently present in schizophrenia.Methods: A previously used questionnaire regarding the CAMDs was administered to patients and controls in a direct interview with a trained psychiatrist. The frequencies of CAMDs in 164 patients with schizophrenia were compared to those in 156 age- and sex-matched controls.Results: Severe fatigue, seizures, constipation and diabetes were significantly more frequent in patients with schizophrenia than in control subjects and apparently not related to pharmacological treatment.Conclusion: The results of the present study suggest that multi-systemic mitochondrial dysfunction may be an underlying mechanism involved in schizophrenia. ER  - 
Parkinson's disease determinants, prediction and gene-environment interactions in the UK Biobank$$$ Objective To systematically investigate the association of environmental risk factors and prodromal features with incident Parkinson's disease (PD) diagnosis and the interaction of genetic risk with these factors. To evaluate whether existing risk prediction algorithms are improved by the inclusion of genetic risk scores. Methods We identified individuals with an incident diagnosis of PD (n=1276) and controls (n=500 406) in UK Biobank. We determined the association of risk factors with incident PD using adjusted logistic regression models. We constructed polygenic risk scores (PRSs) using external weights and selected the best PRS from a subset of the cohort (30%). The PRS was used in a separate testing set (70%) to examine gene-environment interactions and compare predictive models for PD. Results Strong evidence of association (false discovery rate <0.05) was found between PD and a positive family history of PD, a positive family history of dementia, non-smoking, low alcohol consumption, depression, daytime somnolence, epilepsy and earlier menarche. Individuals with the highest 10% of PRSs had increased risk of PD (OR 3.37, 95% CI 2.41 to 4.70) compared with the lowest risk decile. A higher PRS was associated with earlier age at PD diagnosis and inclusion of the PRS in the PREDICT-PD algorithm led to a modest improvement in model performance. We found evidence of an interaction between the PRS and diabetes. Interpretation Here, we used UK Biobank data to reproduce several well-known associations with PD, to demonstrate the validity of a PRS and to demonstrate a novel gene-environment interaction, whereby the effect of diabetes on PD risk appears to depend on background genetic risk for PD. ER  - 
Mortality profile of geriatric trauma at a level 1 trauma center$$$ Background: The management of geriatric trauma patients is challenging because of the altered physiology and co-existent medical conditions. To study the in-hospital mortality profile of geriatric trauma victims and the parameters associated with the mortality, we conducted this retrospective analysis. Methods: In a retrospective review of geriatric trauma admissions (above 60 years) over a 3-year period, we studied the association of age, gender, comorbidities, mechanism of injury (MOI), Glasgow coma score (GCS), injury severity score (ISS), systolic blood pressure, and hemoglobin (Hb) level on admission with hospital mortality. Univariate and Multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate odds and find independent associated parameters. P < 0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Results: Out of 881 patients, 208 (23.6%) patients died in hospital. The most common MOI was fall (53.3%) followed by motor vehicle collision (31.1%) and other mechanisms (14.5%). The in-hospital mortality was significantly higher and adjusted odds ratio (OR) for mortality were higher for male gender (2.11 [1.04-4.26]), higher ISS (6.75 [2.07-21.95] for ISS >30), low GCS (<8) (4.6 [2.35-8.97]), low Hb (<9) (1.68 [0.79-3.55]), hypotension on admission (32.42 [10.89-96.52]) as compared to other groups. Adjusted OR was 3.19 (1.55-6.56); 7.67 (1.10-53.49); 1.13 (0.08-17.12) for co-existent cardiovascular, renal, and hepatic comorbidities, respectively. Conclusion: Male gender, higher ISS, low GCS, low Hb, hypotension on admission, co-existent cardiovascular, renal and hepatic comorbidities are associated with increased mortality in geriatric trauma patients. ER  - 
Neurological comorbidities in hospitalized patients with opioid abuse$$$ Objective: Determine the prevalence, nature, and the burden of neurological comorbidities in hospitalized patients with opioid abuse. Background: Although ravages born of the nationwide opioid epidemic crisis are well chronicled, little is known about neurological comorbidities associated with opioid abuse. Design/Methods: We analyzed University of Kentucky Healthcare Enterprise discharge data for 34,414 subjects during October 1, 2016-September 30, 2017. Patients with opioid abuse were identified by using ICD-10: F11. - Mental and behavioral disorders due to use of opioids. Of 2,183 opioid abuse subjects identified, 360 were selected for chart review matched for age, gender, race, and urban-rural residence. Four neurologists reviewed the medical records; 90 records were randomly assigned to each investigator and no statistically significant inter-rater disagreement identified. Thirteen subjects had no documentation of opioid abuse, leaving 347 subjects for analysis. Results: Among discharged patients, opioid abuse prevalence was 6.3% and significantly more prevalent among younger patients (Mean: 40; SD: 12.8; p<0.0001), women (55.4%; p<0.0001), Caucasians (95.3%; p<0.0001), and urban population (29.1%; p 0.0277). Of 347 subjects with opioids abuse reviewed, 179 (51.6%) had any neurological comorbidities. The latter, frequently overlapping, included encephalopathy causes (130; 72.63%), neuromuscular disorders (42; 23.46%), seizure disorders (23; 12.85%), spine disorders (23; 12.85%), strokes (20; 11.17%), central nervous system (CNS) infections (3; 1.67%), and movement disorders (2; 1.12%). No posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES), leukoencephalopathy, or transverse myelitis identified. Neurological comorbidity contributed to the admission decision in 162 subjects (46.69%). Conclusions: Neurological comorbidities are a frequent and heretofore underappreciated contributor to the disease burden of those with opioid abuse. Comorbidities traditionally ascribed to opioid abuse were not found in this study. The importance of neurological comorbidities should be considered in the public health discussions surrounding opioid epidemic crisis. ER  - 
Triggers of status migrainosus and higher morbidity amongst migraineurs$$$ Introduction: Status migrainosus (SM) affects <1% of migraineurs with the duration of >72 hours and resistant to standard migraine medicines, responsible for migraine hospitalizations. A large observational data might help to identify triggers of SM among patients with migraine. Aim: We tried to find out the prevalence trend of SM, assessed the risk factors to identify the triggers and morbidity predictors for SM. Methods: We performed a population-based retrospective cross-sectional analysis of Nationwide Inpatient Sample (years 2003-2014) in adult (>18-years) hospitalizations for status migrainosus (and intractable migraine) using ICD-9-CM code. Morbidity was defined by hospital stay >5-days (>90 percentile of mean migraine hospitalizations) and discharge other than home(short-term hospitals/skilled nursing facility/home health care/intermediate care facility). We performed a weighted univariate analysis using the chi-square test, paired t-test, and the Cochran-Armitage trend test. We performed a weighted multivariate survey logistic regression analyses to evaluate the triggers of SM and predictors of SM-related morbidity. Results: A total of 446,446 US hospitalizations had a primary diagnosis of migraine. Out of these, 130,914 (29.32%) patients had SM. There was a significant increase in the prevalence of SM in the migraineurs (2003:27.49% to 2014:32.68%; pTrend<0.0001). Patients with SM tend to be younger (mean age 41-year vs.45-year), females (85.86% vs. 78.31%; p<0.0001), and whites (81.83% vs. 70.31; p<0.0001), compared to patients without SM. On weighted analysis, drug abuse (4.76% vs. 3.93%; aOR=1.13; 95% CI=1.03-1.24), vitamin D deficiency (0.70% vs. 0.53%; aOR=1.28; 95%CI=1.05-1.56), opioid abuse (1.76% vs. 0.99%; aOR=1.43; 95%CI=1.22-1.68), organic sleep disorder (3.41% vs. 3.06%; aOR=1.38; 95%CI=1.26-1.50), medication overuse headache (1.66% vs. 0.28%; aOR=3.63; 95%CI=2.95-4.45), generalized anxiety disorder (1.36% vs. 0.63%; aOR=1.50; 95%CI=1.28-1.77), major depression disorder (29.03% vs. 19.26%; aOR=1.56; 95%CI=1.50- 1.62), and post-traumatic stress disorder (1.90% vs. 1.21%; aOR=1.37; 95%CI=1.21-1.55) were associated with higher prevalence and odds of SM. SM patients had higher prevalence and odds of morbidity (1.20% vs. 0.98%; aOR=1.67; 95%CI=1.43-1.96) in compared to patients without SM. Acute ischemic stroke (aOR=2.60; 95%CI=1.34-5.07), hemorrhagic stroke (aOR=7.07; 95%CI=1.94-25.72), obesity (aOR=1.47; 95%CI=1.22-1.78), atrial fibrillation (aOR=1.62; 95%CI=1.19-2.20), renal failure (acute/chronic/end-stage) (aOR=1.38; 95%CI=1.04-1.83), epilepsy (aOR=2.31; 95% CI=1.88-2.82), generalized anxiety disorder (aOR=1.78; 95% CI=1.02-3.11), major depression disorder (aOR=1.38; 95% CI=1.19-1.61), and post-traumatic stress disorder (aOR= 1.74;95%CI=1.15-2.66) were associated with higher morbidity in SM patients. Conclusion: We have identified important triggers of SM from the risk factors of migraine. Early identification and management of triggers mitigate the burden of SM. ER  - 
Effect of enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs on failure of oral low-dose hormonal contraceptives$$$ Background: Certain antiepileptic drugs (AED) may reduce hormonal contraceptive (HC) effectiveness via CYP3A4 enzyme induction and thus, low-dose oral estrogen HCs are not recommended for AED users. However, they remain the most common HC choice and their failure rate is unknown. Objectives: To compare contraception failure during concomitant use of oral low-dose estrogen HC with enzyme-inducing AED (carbamazepine or oxcarbazepine) or enzyme-neutral AED (lamotrigine or levetiracetam). Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using IBM MarketScan Commercial Claims Data (2005-2017). We identified females aged 12 to 48 with epilepsy or bipolar disorder and no indication of infertility during 6-month look-back. Patients entered or re-entered the study at first day of concomitant use and were followed up to 3 years. The outcome was conception, measured with a validated algorithm that estimates gestational age for all pregnancy endpoints. We used generalized estimating equation models to calculate relative and absolute risk after standardized mortality ratio weighting via propensity score. Results: We identified 18 704 enzyme-inducing concomitant use episodes and 88 152 enzyme-neutral episodes. Bipolar diagnosis accounted for 68.7% vs 72.5% episodes, respectively, and weighting yielded balanced cohorts. The adjusted contraception failure rate was 22.1 (95% CI 17.9-27.1) vs 16.2 (14.6-18.0) per 1000 person-years for the enzyme-inducing and enzyme-neutral groups, respectively. The relative risk was 1.36 (1.08-1.71) and the rate difference was 5.8 (1.0-10.7). Conclusion: Use of CYP3A4-inducing AEDs increases the risk of oral low-dose estrogen HC failure. To ensure selection of more effective options, further research is needed to quantify the AED effect on other hormonal contraceptives. ER  - 
Evidence of fluoroquinolone-induced acute neurological dysfunction in large adult population$$$ Background: Fluoroquinolones (FQs), one of the most commonly prescribed antibiotic classes, have been inconsistently associated with central nervous system (CNS) adverse events, which highlights the need for epidemiologic studies of the neurological safety of FQs. Objectives: To evaluate the safety of FQs with regard to risk of diagnosed CNS dysfunction. Methods: Design: Propensity score-matched inception cohort study which used claims data from a commercially insured adult population (OptumInsight). Setting: Our study included adults aged 18 years and older who were prescribed a FQ or comparator antibiotic between 2004 and 2015 for acute bacterial sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, or acute bronchitis. Exposures: The exposures of interest included all U.S. approved oral FQ antibiotics, versus amoxicillin, amoxicillin plus clavulanic acid, azithromycin, and cefixime as the comparator group. Outcomes: Time from prescription to CNS dysfunction, defined as an ICD-9 code for seizures/convulsions, intracranial hypertension, psychosis/delirium, or altered mental status/ encephalopathy. Patients were censored at the earlier of 120 days after antibiotic fill or disenrollment from the health plan. Statistical analysis: Cox proportional hazards models were estimated using propensity scores fitted using the variables age, sex, epilepsy, hereditary peripheral neuropathy, renal dysfunction, diabetes, gabapentinoid use, statin use, isoniazid use, and chemotherapy use, to match FQ and comparator antibiotic users. Results: After propensity score matching, our cohort contained 647,876 individuals exposed to an FQ antibiotic matched 1:1 with a comparator. Forty-eight percent (n=308,998) of the FQ-exposed were prescribed an antibiotic for acute bronchitis, 44% (n=287,098) for acute bacterial sinusitis, and 8% (n=51,780) for acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis. Matching produced balance (standardized mean difference < 0.1) on all variables included in the propensity score. The hazard ratio associated with FQ exposure was 1.30 (95% confidence interval 1.25-1.35), which was statistically significant (pvalue< 0.05). Conclusions: After controlling for potential confounders through propensity score matching, we found a statistically significant association between FQ antibiotic use and development of CNS dysfunction in the adult population. ER  - 
Off-label gabapentin utilization for psychiatric indications using the food and drug administration adverse event reporting system database from 1993-2019$$$ Background: Gabapentin was approved in 1993 and has two narrowly defined FDA-approved indications. However, off-label gabapentin utilization is rising for a variety of conditions, most prominently for pain and psychiatric disorders. There are case reports of suicidal behavior associated with off-label gabapentin use in psychiatric disorders, but comprehensive safety evidence is limited. Objectives: This study aimed to quantify on-and off-label utilization of gabapentin, and to examine adverse drug events (ADEs) among offlabel utilization for psychiatric indications. Methods: Combined data from the Legacy Adverse Event Reporting System and FDA Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS) were analyzed from 1993 to 2019 Q3. Generic and brand names (Neurontin, Horizant and Gralise) were used to extract cases in which gabapentin only (i.e. combination products excluded) was reported. Cases of onlabel indications (postherpetic neuralgia and partial onset seizures) were aggregated in total using Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) preferred terms. Cases of off-label indications were aggregated in total with MedDRA high level group terms, as were ADEs, with stratification by indication and ADE type. Results: After de-duplication, there were 8,074,989 unique ADE cases for the study period, of which 21,874 cases identified gabapentin as the primary suspect drug. Of gabapentin-primary cases, 92.9% had an off-label indication, of which 6.8% (n=1,491) were for off-label treatment of a psychiatric disorder. The top three psychiatric indications were manic and bipolar mood disorders/disturbances (n=449), anxiety disorders/symptoms (n=299), and depressed mood disorders/disturbances (n=259). Across these psychiatric indications, the most frequent ADEs were suicidal and self-injurious behaviors (18.2%) followed by therapeutic and nontherapeutic responses (6.7%). Conclusions: Most gabapentin-associated cases in FAERS were for off-label uses, and off-label treatment for psychiatric conditions accounted for more than 1 in 20 ADEs. Gabapentin use for the top three identified psychiatric indications are not supported by evidence; no clinical trials have demonstrated gabapentin's efficacy for bipolar disorder, anxiety disorders, or depressive disorders. The most frequent ADE of suicidal behaviors echoes concerns raised by case and media reports, which warrants further investigation into the association of off-label gabapentin use with suicidality outcomes in order to improve drug safety. ER  - 
Valproate prescribing practices before and after implementation of risk minimisation measures (RMMs) in 5 European Countries$$$ Background: Following the Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee's final recommendations regarding valproate medicines and their use in women of childbearing age (WCBA) (aged 13 to 49 years), label restrictions and RMMs (Direct Healthcare Professional Communication and educational materials) were implemented starting in November 2014 in various European countries. A drug utilisation study was performed by the Marketing Authorization Holders of valproate in Europe to assess the effectiveness of the measures. Objectives: To describe the prescribing practices before and after the implementation of RMMs Methods: A multinational non-interventional cohort study was conducted in the outpatient setting using electronic medical records databases (France, Germany, Spain, UK) and national registers (Sweden) based on data recorded from 2012 to 2018. The main outcome was the proportion of valproate initiations preceded by other medications related to valproate indications (mainly epilepsy and bipolar disorder) in women during the main 21-month pre-implementation period and 30-month post-implementation period. Furthermore, the incidence of pregnancies exposed to valproate in WCBA during the entire 36-month pre-implementation period and 36-month postimplementation period of RMMs was investigated. Results: The proportion of valproate initiations preceded by medications related to valproate indications increased after implementation of RMMs in incident female users in Sweden (from 81.1% to 84.5%) and in UK (from 66.4% to 72.4%), it remained the same in Germany and Spain and decreased in France from 48.7% to 40.6%. In total, 451 and 182 pregnancies exposed to valproate were identified in the entire pre-and post-implementation periods, respectively. In Sweden and UK, where pregnancy data were most interpretable, the incidence of pregnancies exposed to valproate decreased in the postimplementation period: from 9.5 to 8.0 per 1000 person-years in Sweden and from 16.9 to 10.9 in UK. Conclusions: The effectiveness of RMMs, as measured by change in proportion of valproate initiations preceded by medications related to valproate indications, varied by country (most effective in Sweden and UK and least effective in France). Although the incidence of pregnancies exposed to valproate decreased substantially, the results suggest limited effectiveness of the RMMs. Additional RMMs were implemented in 2018 and an extension study is under way to further monitor the use of valproate in WCBA. ER  - 
Association of antipsychotic medications with seizure in children and adolescent$$$ Background: Antipsychotics are the class of medications commonly prescribed to manage psychiatric disorder. Over past years, the prescription of antipsychotics was steadily increased with raising the number of psychiatric patients in pediatrics. The antipsychotics are well known to lower the seizure threshold and increase seizure, however, there is lack of empirical evidence in pediatric patients. Objectives: We aimed to evaluate seizure risk in user of antipsychotics in Korea using a time-dependent approach in a large population based claim database. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using the claims data of Health Insurance Review and Assessment (HIRA) from 2008-2018 in Korea. We identified the pediatric patients who prescribed antipsychotic medication, and the first date of prescription of antipsychotics was defined as index date. The main outcome was the incident of seizure, and they were followed until the incidence date of seizure, the year 21 years old or the end of follow-up. The exposure of antipsychotic medication was measured as time-dependent value for exposure status (non-user, user), average daily dose (in chlorpromazine equivalent dose) and polypharmacy (non-user, mono user and multiple user). We used a 1 month of interval time to code time-dependent measures. The association between antipsychotic use and seizure was analyzed using time-dependent Cox regression. Results: There were 17,945 children and adolescent who initiated antipsychotic medication treatment, with a mean (SD) age of 13.3 (3.73) years and mean (SD) follow up of 4.79 (2.96) years. During follow-up, the period of antipsychotics use had significantly higher risk of seizure incidence compared with the period of non-use (HR 3.94, 95% CI 3.46-4.48). Moreover, we observed the intensified risk of seizure with increasing average daily dose (HR 1.83, 95% CI 1.67-2.02 for medium dose; HR 2.75, 95% CI 2.47-3.05 for high dose). The risk of occurring seizure was significantly greater in multiple antipsychotics versus non user (HR 7.61, 95% CI 6.62-8.75 for multiple user; HR 3.17, 95% CI 2.77-3.61 for mono user). Conclusions: This study demonstrated that current use, high dose and polypharmacy of antipsychotics were associated with developing seizure in pediatric patients with psychiatric disease. Therefore, clinicians should carefully consider the risk of seizure when starting treatments with antipsychotics in children and adolescents. ER  - 
A single centre patient-profile of neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) manifestations$$$ Background: Neuro-psychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) is common, yet not easily recognized in daily clinical practice. If unrecognized and left untreated, it can cause significant patient morbidity and even mortality. Objective: To review the various neurological manifestations of SLE patients in Melaka Hospital. Method: A retrospective study of the demography and neurological manifestations of patients with SLE in Melaka Hospital over an 8 year period. Patients diagnosed SLE based on the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics (SLICC) criteria, who presented with neurological manifestations at the time of diagnosis or developed neurological manifestations anytime during the course of their disease were included. Results: There were 75 patients (23.7%) with NPSLE described using the American College of Rheumatology [ACR] nomenclature, seen between January 2011 and December 2018. Sixty nine (92%) patients were female and 6 (8%) were male, with a mean age of 37.8 years. Central nervous system (CNS) was involved in 62 (82.7%) while peripheral nervous system (PNS) was involved in 7 (9.3%) patients. Both CNS and PNS were involved in 6 (8%) patients. The commonest CNS manifestation was seizure disorder (29.3%), followed by cerebrovascular disease (20.0%) and psychosis (17.3%); whilst the commonest PNS presentation was cranial neuropathy (6.7%), followed by mononeuropathy (5.3%) and polyneuropathy (4.0%). NPSLE is seen relatively early in the course of the disease. Conclusion: Most patients in our cohort presented with NPSLE at diagnosis or within the first year of SLE diagnosis. A third of our NPSLE patients had other concomitant SLE manifestations. ER  - 
Levetiracetam Is Safe and Effective for Post-Traumatic Seizure Prophylaxis for Combat-Related Traumatic Brain Injury: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ INTRODUCTION: Post-traumatic seizure prophylaxis is recommended in patients with traumatic brain injury (TBI) at high risk for post-traumatic seizures, but there is no consensus on the optimal pharmacologic therapy. Levetiracetam is frequently used for seizure prophylaxis in combat-related TBI, but its efficacy and safety in this patient population have not yet been described. METHODS: A retrospective cohort of 687 consecutive casualties (Caring for Combat Casualties Database) transferred to the continental US from October 2010 to December 2015 was analyzed; 71 patients with combat-related injuries and radiographic evidence of depressed skull fractures or intracranial hemorrhage were included. Data collection included demographics and injury characteristics including initial Glasgow Coma Score (GCS), CT findings, interventions, and 6-month Glasgow Outcome Score (GOS). RESULTS: All patients in this cohort were male, with an average age of 25 (median 24; interquartile range [IQR] 4.5) and average Injury Severity Score (ISS) of 28 (median 27; 15). The most common mechanism of injury was explosive blasts (76%). Penetrating TBI was common (51%). Most patients (87%) received levetiracetam for seizure prophylaxis, with 2.8% receiving phenytoin. The remaining 13% were cleared by neurosurgery for no prophylaxis. Two patients developed seizures while on seizure prophylaxis (2.8%). Both of these patients suffered transcranial gunshot wounds and ultimately died. No serious adverse effects were attributed to levetiracetam. CONCLUSION: Levetiracetam appears to be a safe and effective medication for post-traumatic seizure prophylaxis in Caring for Combat Casualties patients. The rate of post-traumatic seizures in combat-related TBI on appropriate prophylaxis is low. ER  - 
Safety evaluation of the interchangeable use of robenacoxib in commercially-available tablets and solution for injection in cats$$$ Background: Robenacoxib (Onsior™) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug developed for canine and feline use for the control of pain and inflammation. It is available as both tablets and solution for injection. The objective of this study was to evaluate the safety of the interchangeable use of commercially available robenacoxib formulations when administered to cats orally using 6 mg tablets and subcutaneously using a solution for injection containing 20 mg/mL. Thirty-four naïve healthy 4-month old cats were enrolled in this 37-day study and were randomized to four groups (three robenacoxib and one control). One robenacoxib group received the maximum recommended dose (MRD) rate of each formulation, while the other two received two and three times this dose rate. The cats underwent three 10-day treatment cycles comprised of seven days of once daily oral administration followed by three days of subcutaneous administration. The third cycle was followed by an additional seven days of oral treatment. The control group received oral empty gelatin capsules or subcutaneous saline injections. Assessment of safety was based on general health observations, clinical observations, physical, ophthalmic, electrocardiographic and neurological examinations, clinical pathology evaluations, food consumption, body weight, and macroscopic and microscopic examinations. Blood samples were collected for toxicokinetic evaluation. Results: Blood concentrations of robenacoxib confirmed systemic exposure of all treated cats. All cats were in good health through study termination and there were no serious adverse events during the study. There were no changes in body weight, food consumption, ophthalmic, physical or neurological examinations during the study. Treatment-related abnormalities were of low occurrence at all doses and included injection site changes (transient edema with minimal or mild, subacute/chronic inflammation histologically) and prolongation of the QT interval. These findings were consistent with previously observed findings in studies with robenacoxib administered separately orally or subcutaneously in cats. Thus, there were no adverse effects that could be attributed specifically to the interchangeable use of oral and injectable robenacoxib. Conclusions: This 37-day laboratory study supports the safety of interchanging robenacoxib injection at a daily dose of 2 mg/kg with robenacoxib tablets at a daily dose of 1 mg/kg, or vice versa. ER  - 
Gender-Specific Risk Factors and Comorbidities of Bothersome Tinnitus$$$ Objective: This study aims to identify gender-specific risk factors associated with the presence of bothersome tinnitus (compared with non-bothersome tinnitus), including sociodemographic and lifestyle factors, tinnitus-associated phenomena (hearing loss, traumatic experiences, sleep disturbances), and physical as well as mental comorbidities. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study using survey data from the Swedish LifeGene cohort containing information on self-reported tinnitus (N = 7615). We (1) analyzed risk factor and comorbidity frequencies, (2) computed multivariate logistic regression models to identify predictors of bothersome tinnitus within both genders, and (3) moderated logistic regression models to compare effects between genders. Results: (1) The majority of factors that differed in frequencies between bothersome and non-bothersome tinnitus were equal for both genders. Women with bothersome tinnitus specifically reported higher rates of cardiovascular disease, thyroid disease, epilepsy, fibromyalgia, and burnout, and men with bothersome tinnitus reported higher rates of alcohol consumption, Ménière’s disease, anxiety syndrome, and panic (compared with non-bothersome tinnitus, respectively). (2) Across both genders, multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed significant associations between bothersome tinnitus and age, reduced hearing ability, hearing-related difficulties in social situations, and reduced sleep quality. In women, bothersome tinnitus was specifically associated with cardiovascular disease and epilepsy; in men, with lower education levels and anxiety syndrome. (3) Moderated logistic regression analyses revealed that the effects of low education and anxiety syndrome were present in men, but not in women, whereas the effects of age, reduced hearing ability and related difficulties, cardiovascular disease, epilepsy, and burnout were not gender specific. Conclusion: Irrespective of gender, bothersome tinnitus is associated with higher age, reduced hearing ability, hearing-related difficulties, cardiovascular disease, epilepsy, and burnout. Gender-specific effects comprise low levels of education and the presence of anxiety syndrome for men. These findings need to be interpreted with caution, yet they suggest the presence of gender-specific biopsychosocial influences in the emergence or maintenance of bothersome tinnitus. Future studies ought to investigate the underlying mechanisms of the observed relationships. ER  - 
MicroRNAs of Human Herpesvirus 6A and 6B in Serum and Cerebrospinal Fluid of Multiple Sclerosis Patients$$$ Human herpesvirus-6A (HHV-6A) and −6B (HHV-6B) might be involved in the etiopathogenesis of multiple sclerosis (MS), especially the HHV-6A. We aim at assessing, for the first time in the scientific literature, the HHV-6A/B microRNAs in MS patients. We analyzed the miRNAs of HHV-6A: miR-U86, and −6B: hhv6b-miR-Ro6-1, −2, −3-3p, −3-5p, and −4 in paired samples of serum and CSF of 42 untreated MS patients and 23 patients with other neurological diseases (OND), using Taqman MicroRNA Assays. Intrathecal HHV-6A/B antibody production and anti-HHV-6A/B IgG/IgM levels in serum were measured. MS clinical data were available. We detected the following miRNAs: hhv6b-miR-Ro6-2 (serum: MS:97.7%, OND:95.7%; CSF: MS:81%, OND:86.4%), 3-3p (serum: MS:4.8%, OND:0%; CSF: MS:2.4%, OND:4.5%), −3-5p (serum: MS:95.2%, OND:91.3%; CSF: MS:50%, OND:54.5%), and miR-U86 (serum: MS:54.8%, OND:47.8%; CSF: MS:11.9%, OND:9.1%). In the serum of the whole population (MS and OND patients) we found a significant correlation between the levels of hhv6b-miR-Ro6-2 and −3-5p (Spearman r = 0.839, pcorr = 3E-13), −2 and miR-U86 (Spearman r = 0.578, pcorr = 0.001) and −3-5p and miR-U86 (Spearman r = 0.698, pcorr = 1.34E-5); also in the CSF, between hhv6b-miR-Ro6-2 and −3-5p (Spearman r = 0.626, pcorr = 8.52E-4). These correlations remained statistically significant when both populations were considered separately. The anti-HHV-6A/B IgG levels in CSF and the intrathecal antibody production in positive MS patients for hhv6b-miR-Ro6-3-5p were statistically significant higher than in the negative ones (pcorr = 0.006 and pcorr = 0.036). The prevalence of miR-U86 (30.8%) in the CSF of individuals without gadolinium-enhancing lesions was higher (p = 0.035) than in the ones with these lesions (0%); however, the difference did not withstand Bonferroni correction (pcorr = 0.105). We propose a role of HHV-6A/B miRNAs in the maintenance of the viral latency state. Further investigations are warranted to validate these results and clarify the function of these viral miRNAs. ER  - 
Nonmetastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer and survival with darolutamide$$$ BACKGROUND Darolutamide is a structurally distinct androgen-receptor inhibitor that is approved for the treatment of nonmetastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer. In the planned primary analysis of a phase 3 trial, the median metastasis-free survival was significantly longer with darolutamide (40.4 months) than with placebo (18.4 months). The data for the analysis of overall survival were immature at the time of the primary analysis. METHODS In this double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, we randomly assigned 1509 men, in a 2:1 ratio, to receive darolutamide (955 patients) or placebo (554 patients) while they continued to receive androgen-deprivation therapy. After the results of the primary end-point analysis were found to be positive, unblinding of the treatment assignments occurred, and patients in the placebo group were permitted to cross over to receive open-label darolutamide treatment. At the time of this prespecified final analysis, which had been planned to be performed after approximately 240 deaths had occurred, overall survival and all other secondary end points were evaluated. RESULTS The median follow-up time was 29.0 months. At the time of unblinding of the data, all 170 patients who were still receiving placebo crossed over to receive darolutamide; 137 patients who had discontinued placebo before unblinding had occurred received at least one other life-prolonging therapy. Overall survival at 3 years was 83% (95% confidence interval [CI], 80 to 86) in the darolutamide group and 77% (95% CI, 72 to 81) in the placebo group. The risk of death was significantly lower, by 31%, in the darolutamide group than in the placebo group (hazard ratio for death, 0.69; 95% CI, 0.53 to 0.88; P=0.003). Darolutamide was also associated with a significant benefit with respect to all other secondary end points, including the time to first symptomatic skeletal event and the time to first use of cytotoxic chemotherapy. The incidence of adverse events after the start of treatment was similar in the two groups; no new safety signals were observed. CONCLUSIONS Among men with nonmetastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer, the percentage of patients who were alive at 3 years was significantly higher among those who received darolutamide than among those who received placebo. The incidence of adverse events was similar in the two groups. (Funded by Bayer HealthCare and Orion Pharma; ARAMIS ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT02200614.). ER  - 
The SOFIA Study: Negative Multi-center Study of Low Dose Fluoxetine on Repetitive Behaviors in Children and Adolescents with Autistic Disorder$$$ Fluoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) that reduces obsessive–compulsive symptoms. There is limited evidence supporting its efficacy for repetitive behaviors (RRBs) in autistic spectrum disorder (ASD). We conducted a randomized controlled trial (RCT) of fluoxetine in 158 individuals with ASD (5–17 years). Following 14 treatment weeks (mean dose 11.8 mg/day), no significant differences were noted on the Children’s Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale; the proportion of responders was similar (fluoxetine: 36%; placebo: 41%). There were similar rates of AEs (e.g., insomnia, diarrhea, vomiting); high rates of activation were reported in both groups (fluoxetine: 42%; placebo: 45%). Overly cautious dosing/duration may have prevented attainment of a therapeutic level. Results are consistent with other SSRI RCTs treating RRBs in ASD. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00515320. ER  - 
Toxicity of acute exploratory amphetamine-salt medication in amphetamine-naïve pediatrics: a retrospective cohort study$$$ Background and Objectives: Pediatric ingestions of amphetamines used in the treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) are on the rise. Little data provide an amphetamine dose at which to refer pediatric unintentional ingestions to a healthcare facility for monitoring. We studied the dose at which unintentional ingestions of amphetamines develop symptoms and receive benzodiazepines. Methods: We performed a retrospective study from a single poison center from 1/1/2005 through 11/30/2018. We included single substance ingestion of amphetamine salts to treat ADHD in amphetamine-naïve children age 0–12 years followed to a known outcome. Poison center documentation was reviewed for signs and symptoms related to amphetamine toxicity and use of benzodiazepines. Results: We screened 1,394 cases and 160 met inclusion criteria. The mean age of patients was 1.8 years and 55% were male. The median dose of symptomatic patients (1.38 mg/kg) was greater than those without symptoms (0.83 mg/kg). The median amphetamine dose of patients receiving benzodiazepines (1.58 mg/kg) was also greater than for patients not receiving benzodiazepines (1.0 mg/kg). A dose threshold of greater than 0.75 mg/kg was 100% sensitive and 36.8% specific for benzodiazepine administration and 93.9% sensitive and 47.4% specific for presence of any symptoms. Conclusions: The median dose of amphetamines ingested by patients receiving benzodiazepines was greater than those not receiving benzodiazepines. No child with a dose of ≤0.75 mg/kg received benzodiazepines. Prospective studies should be performed to assess triage guidelines and referral doses. ER  - 
The “crab sign”: an imaging feature of spinocerebellar ataxia type 48$$$ Purpose: A new form of autosomal dominant hereditary spinocerebellar ataxia (SCA) has been recently described (SCA48), and here we investigate its conventional MRI findings to identify the presence of a possible imaging feature of this condition. Methods: In this retrospective observational study, we evaluated conventional MRI scans from 10 SCA48 patients (M/F = 5/5; 44.7 ± 7.8 years). For all subjects, atrophy of both supratentorial and infratentorial compartments were recorded, as well as the presence of possible T2-weighted imaging (T2WI) signal alterations. Results: In SCA48 patients, no meaningful supratentorial changes were found, both in terms of volume loss or MRI signal changes. Atrophy of the cerebellum was present in all cases, involving both the vermis and the hemispheres, but particularly affecting the postero-lateral portions of the cerebellar hemispheres. In all patients, with the exception of only one subject (90.0% of the cases), a T2WI hyperintensity of both dentate nuclei was found. The association of such signal alteration with the pattern of cerebellar atrophy resembled the appearance of a crab (“crab sign”). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that SCA48 patients are characterized by cerebellar atrophy, mainly involving the postero-lateral hemisphere areas, along with a T2WI hyperintensity of dentate nuclei. We propose that the association of such signal change, along with the atrophy of the lateral portion of the cerebellar hemispheres, resembled the appearance of a crab, and therefore, we propose the “crab sign” as a neuroradiological sign present in SCA48 patients. ER  - 
Magnetic seizure therapy is efficacious and well tolerated for treatment-resistant bipolar depression: An open-label clinical trial$$$ Background: Treatment-resistant bipolar depression can be treated effectively using electroconvulsive therapy, but its use is limited because of stigma and cognitive adverse effects. Magnetic seizure therapy is a new convulsive therapy with promising early evidence of antidepressant effects and minimal cognitive adverse effects. However, there are no clinical trials of the efficacy and safety of magnetic seizure therapy for treatment-resistant bipolar depression. Methods: Participants with treatment-resistant bipolar depression were treated with magnetic seizure therapy for up to 24 sessions or until remission. Magnetic seizure therapy was applied over the prefrontal cortex at high (100 Hz; n = 8), medium (50 or 60 Hz; n = 9) or low (25 Hz; n = 3) frequency, or over the vertex at high frequency (n = 6). The primary outcome measure was the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. Participants completed a comprehensive battery of neurocognitive tests. Results: Twenty-six participants completed a minimally adequate trial of magnetic seizure therapy (i.e., ≥ 8 sessions), and 20 completed full treatment per protocol. Participants showed a significant reduction in scores on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. Adequate trial completers had a remission rate of 23.1% and a response rate of 38.5%. Per-protocol completers had a remission rate of 30% and a response rate of 50%. Almost all cognitive measures remained stable, except for significantly worsened recall consistency on the autobiographical memory inventory. Limitations: The open-label study design and modest sample size did not allow for comparisons between stimulation parameters. Conclusion: In treatment-resistant bipolar depression, magnetic seizure therapy produced significant improvements in depression symptoms with minimal effects on cognitive performance. These promising results warrant further investigation with larger randomized clinical trials comparing magnetic seizure therapy to electroconvulsive therapy. Clinical trial registration: NCT01596608; clinicaltrials.gov ER  - 
Predictors of acute neurological complication following tetralogy of fallot operation in Serdang Hospital, Malaysia$$$ Background: The long waiting time for Tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) operation may potentially increase the risk of hypoxic insult. Therefore, the objective of this study is to determine the frequency of acute neurological complications following primary TOF repair and to identify the peri-operative risk factors and predictors for the neurological sequelae. Methods: A retrospective review of the medical and surgical notes of 68 patients who underwent TOF repair in Hospital Serdang, from January 2013 to December 2017 was done. Univariate and multivariate analyses of demographics and perioperative clinical data were performed to determine the risk for the development of acute neurological complications (ANC) among these patients. Results: ANC was reported in 13 cases (19.1%) with delirium being the most common manifestation (10/68, 14.7%), followed by seizures in 4 (5.9%) and abnormal movements in two patients (2.9%). Univariate analyses showed that the presence of right ventricular (RV) dysfunction, prolonged duration of inotropic support (≥7 days), prolonged duration of mechanical ventilation (≥7 days), longer length of ICU stays (≥7 days), and longer length of hospital stay (≥14 days), were significantly associated with the presence of ANCs (p<0.05). However, multivariate analyses did not show any significant association between these variables and the development of ANC (p>0.05). The predictors for the development of postoperative delirium were pre-operative oxygen saturation less than 75% (Odds Ratio, OR=16.90, 95% Confidence Interval, 95%CI:1.36, 209.71) and duration of ventilation of more than 7 days (OR=13.20, 95%CI: 1.20, 144.98). Conclusion: ANC following TOF repair were significantly higher in patients with RV dysfunction, in those who required a longer duration of inotropic support, mechanical ventilation, ICU and hospital stay. Low pre-operative oxygen saturation and prolonged mechanical ventilation requirement were predictors for delirium which was the commonest neurological complications observed in this study. Hence, routine screening for delirium using an objective assessment tool should be performed on these high-risk patients to enable accurate diagnosis and early intervention to improve the overall outcome of TOF surgery in this country. ER  - 
Community-acquired bacterial meningitis in adults: in-hospital prognosis, long-term disability and determinants of outcome in a multicentre prospective cohort$$$ Objectives: To identify factors associated with unfavourable in-hospital outcome (death or disability) in adults with community-acquired bacterial meningitis (CABM). Methods: In a prospective multicentre cohort study (COMBAT; February 2013 to July 2015), all consecutive cases of CABM in the 69 participating centres in France were enrolled and followed up for 12 months. Factors associated with unfavourable outcome were identified by logistic regression and long-term disability was analysed. Results: Among the 533 individuals enrolled, (Streptococcus pneumoniae 53.8% (280/520 isolates identified), Neisseria meningitidis 21.3% (111/520), others 24.9% (129/520)), case fatality rate was 16.9% (90/533) and unfavourable outcome occurred in 45.0% (225/500). Factors independently associated with unfavourable outcome were: age >70 years (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 4.64; 95% CI 1.93–11.15), male gender (aOR 2.11; 95% CI 1.25–3.57), chronic renal failure (aOR 6.65; 95% CI 1.57–28.12), purpura fulminans (aOR 4.37; 95% CI 1.38–13.81), localized neurological signs (aOR 3.72; 95% CI 2.29–6.05), disseminated intravascular coagulation (aOR 3.19; 95% CI 1.16–8.79), cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) white-cell count <1500 cells/μL (aOR 2.40; 95% CI 1.42–4.03), CSF glucose concentration (0.1–2.5 g/L: aOR 1.92; 95% CI 1.01–3.67; <0.1 g/L: aOR 2.24; 95% CI 1.01–4.97), elevated CSF protein concentration (aOR 1.09; 95% CI 1.03–1.17), time interval between hospitalization and lumbar puncture >1 day (aOR 2.94; 95% CI 1.32–6.54), and S. pneumoniae meningitis (aOR 4.99; 95% CI 1.98–12.56), or meningitis other than N. meningitidis (aOR 4.54; 95% CI 1.68–12.27). At 12 months, 26.7% (74/277) had hearing loss, 32.8% (87/265) depressive symptoms, 31.0% (86/277) persistent headache, and 53.4% had a physical health-related quality of life (142/266) <25th centile of the distribution of the score in the general French population (p < 0.0001). Conclusions: The burden of CABM (death, disability, depression, impaired quality of life and hearing loss) is high. Identification of cases from the first symptoms may improve prognosis. ClinicalTrial: Gov identification number: NCT01730690. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of GAD 65-associated autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Objectives: To examine the clinical characteristics of autoimmune encephalitis associated with the glutamate decarboxylase 65 (GAD 65) antibody. Materials and methods: Medical records of all patients that diagnosed with GAD 65 antibody-associated encephalitis were retrospectively analyzed. Data regarding demographics and symptoms, neurological signs, laboratory and imaging results, treatment and prognosis were collected. Results: We collected a total of seven patients, mainly young or middle-aged women with a subacute or chronic course. The main clinical symptoms mainly included chronic epilepsy, cerebellar ataxia, stiff-person syndrome, and limbic encephalitis. Three of seven (43%) patients had high CSF (cerebrospinal fluid) protein levels. Oligoclonal IgG bands (including IgG 1) and 24 hours intrathecal synthesis of IgG were detected in CSF and serum in six patients, five patients (83%) reported increased distribution of oligoclonal IgG bands (including IgG 1) and 24 hours intrathecal synthesis of IgG in serum and CSF. And six of seven patients (86%) had abnormal thyroid function or were positive for thyroid antibodies. By electroencephalogram examination, sharp or slow waves in the temporal region were often observed for six of seven patients (86%). Abnormal imaging signals (six of seven patients, 86%) of the temporal lobe and hippocampus were detected by brain magnetic resonance imaging, and decreased metabolism of the temporal lobe was detected by positron emission tomography/computed tomography (six of six patients, 100%). These patients were mainly treated with corticosteroid and gamma globulin. The clinical symptoms of the patients were alleviated. Conclusions: The course of GAD 65 antibody-associated encephalitis is longer than other autoimmune encephalitides. The clinical symptoms of GAD 65 autoimmune encephalitis mainly manifested as chronic epilepsy, cerebellar ataxia, stiff-person syndrome, and limbic encephalitis, and combined with or without thyroid autoimmune diseases, type 1 diabetes, and thymoma. A comprehensive understanding of the disease is a way to prevent misdiagnosis and delayed treatment. ER  - 
Pemetrexed in Recurrent or Progressive Central Nervous System Lymphoma: A Phase I Multicenter Clinical Trial$$$ Lessons Learned: The findings from this study using monotherapy with pemetrexed in a pretreated patient population are, overall, encouraging. Unlike high-dose methotrexate, which requires several days of inpatient hospitalization, pemetrexed is relatively easy to administer in the outpatient setting and remains a viable treatment option in this patient population. The maximum tolerated dose of pemetrexed administered (900 mg/m2 every 2 weeks) was generally well tolerated and showed activity in patients with relapsed or refractory CNSL. Background: There is currently no standard salvage treatment for patients with relapsed/refractory central nervous system (CNS) lymphoma (CNSL). We report the results of a phase I study of pemetrexed, an antifolate drug with broader activity than methotrexate (MTX). We provide the safety, tolerability, and maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of pemetrexed in patients with recurrent CNSL. Methods: Through October 2015, 17 patients with relapsed/refractory CNSL received pemetrexed every 2 weeks with the first cohort receiving 600 mg/m2 and dose escalation in increments of 300 mg/m2 to a maximum of 1,200 mg/m2. Three patients were to enroll at each dose level with expansion to six patients in the event of dose-limiting toxicity. Patients with both primary CNS lymphoma (PCNSL) and secondary CNS lymphoma (SCNSL) could be enrolled. Results: Seventeen patients were evaluable with a median age of 63.7 years. Main adverse events included fatigue (82.4%), anemia (82.4%), and neutropenia (70.6%). The MTD was established at 900 mg/m2. Dose-limiting toxicities were recorded in one patient in the 600 mg/m2 cohort and in two patients in the 1,200 mg/m2 cohort. Fourteen patients were evaluable for response assessment; 21.4% achieved a complete response, 35.7% had a partial response, 14.3% had stable disease, and 28.6% had progressive disease. The median progression-free survival was 4.2 months. The median overall survival was 44.5 months. In the original study protocol, the plan was to add an expansion cohort of six patients at MTD level. However, the first phase of the study was characterized by slow recruitment. Therefore, after achieving the primary objective of the study and establishing the MTD, the investigators decided to amend the protocol and to close the study. Conclusion: Pemetrexed administered at 900 mg/m2 every 2 weeks exhibits single-agent activity in patients with recurrent CNSL; it is well tolerated, and side effects are manageable. ER  - 
Low C4 as a risk factor for severe neuropsychiatric flare in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Objective: This study aimed to explore the risk factors for ‘severe’ neuropsychiatric (NP) flare in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods: This retrospective study comprised newly diagnosed 184 adult SLE patients who visited Hokkaido University Hospital between 2006 and 2017. In this study, severe NP flare was defined as the occurrence of at least one newly developed British Isles Lupus Assessment Group A score in the neurological domain. Overall severe NP flare-free survival was estimated by Kaplan–Meier analysis. Clinical and demographic profiles at SLE diagnosis were assessed as potential risk items in the adjusted multivariate Cox regression model. Results: The median follow-up period was 7.9 years (interquartile range (IQR) 4.6–12.3) years. A total of 28 (15.2%) patients had one or more severe NP flares during the observation period. The median time from patient enrolment date to severe NP flare occurrence was 3.1 years (IQR 0.9–6.3 year). The 2- and 10-year severe NP flare-free survival rates were 92.7% and 86.0%, respectively. Among the manifestations of severe NP flare, psychosis was the most frequent (19.1%). In the multivariate model, low serum levels of C4 (hazard ratio (HR) = 3.67, p = 0.013) and severe NP manifestations at SLE diagnosis (HR = 7.11, p < 0.001) emerged as independent risk factors for developing severe NP flare. Conclusion: The first severe NP flare presented early in the course of SLE. Low C4 level and severe NP manifestations at SLE diagnosis could predict the development of severe NP flare. ER  - 
Brivaracetam substituting other antiepileptic treatments: Results of a retrospective study in German epilepsy centers$$$ Objective: To evaluate the success of initiation of adjunctive brivaracetam in patients who required a change in antiepileptic drug (AED) regimen and substituted at least one AED with brivaracetam. Methods: In this retrospective noninterventional study conducted in specialized epilepsy centers across Germany, patients initiated adjunctive brivaracetam between February 15, 2016, and August 31, 2016, as part of an intended change in AED regimen. The primary effectiveness variable was the proportion of patients who continued on brivaracetam after 3 months, and withdrew at least one AED either before or within 6 months after brivaracetam initiation. Results: Five hundred and six patients had at least one brivaracetam dose and were included in the safety set (SS). Four hundred and seventy patients started to reduce the dose of one AED before/after brivaracetam initiation, had at least one concomitant AED at brivaracetam initiation, and were included in the full analysis set (FAS) for effectiveness analyses. At baseline, patients had a median of seven lifetime AEDs and a median of 3.8 seizures/28 days. In the SS, 85.2% of patients withdrew one AED before/after initiation of brivaracetam, most commonly levetiracetam (49.4%). 46.2% of patients substituted another AED with brivaracetam within 24 hours (fast withdrawal). The proportions of patients (FAS) who continued on brivaracetam after 3 and 6 months and withdrew one AED were 75.5% and 46.6%, respectively. After 6 months, 32.1% of patients were 50% responders; 13.0% were seizure-free. In the SS, 34.6% of patients reported treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs); 21.9% had TEAEs that were assessed by the treating physician as drug-related. Incidences of behavioral AEs before (3-month baseline) and after brivaracetam initiation in patients who withdrew levetiracetam were 19.2% and 8.0%, respectively (5.0% and 7.7% in patients who withdrew other AEDs). Significance: Brivaracetam was effective and well-tolerated in patients who required a change in AED drug regimen and initiated adjunctive brivaracetam in German clinical practice. ER  - 
Clinical and genetic characteristics of patients with Doose syndrome$$$ Objective: To elucidate the genetic background and genotype-phenotype correlations for epilepsy with myoclonic-atonic seizures, also known as myoclonic-astatic epilepsy (MAE) or Doose syndrome. Methods: We collected clinical information and blood samples from 29 patients with MAE. We performed whole-exome sequencing for all except one MAE case in whom custom capture sequencing identified a variant. Results: We newly identified four variants: SLC6A1 and HNRNPU missense variants and microdeletions at 2q24.2 involving SCN1A and Xp22.31 involving STS. Febrile seizures preceded epileptic or afebrile seizures in four patients, of which two patients had gene variants. Myoclonic-atonic seizures occurred at onset in four patients, of which two had variants, and during the course of disease in three patients. Variants were more commonly identified in patients with a developmental delay or intellectual disability (DD/ID), but genetic status was not associated with the severity of DD/ID. Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and autistic spectrum disorder were less frequently observed in patients with variants than in those with unknown etiology. Significance: MAE patients had genetic heterogeneity, and HNRNPU and STS emerged as possible candidate causative genes. Febrile seizures prior to epileptic seizures and myoclonic-atonic seizure at onset indicate a genetic predisposition to MAE. Comorbid conditions were not related to genetic predisposition to MAE. ER  - 
Suggestive seizure induction for inpatients with suspected psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: To determine the utility of suggestive seizure induction for inpatient work-up of suspected psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: Prospective study of epilepsy center inpatient admissions with suspected PNES. Patients were randomized to undergo suggestive induction first (group A) and then, if necessary, long-term video–electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring, or vice versa (group B). Diagnostic pathways were compared. Potential clinical predictors for diagnostic success were evaluated. Results: Length of in-hospital stay did not significantly differ between groups. Suspicion of PNES was confirmed in 43 of 77 (56%) patients, evenly distributed between group A (22 of 39) and group B (21 of 38). In nine patients, recorded habitual seizures were epileptic and in 25 cases, no diagnostic event could be recorded. Diagnosis of PNES was ascertained primarily by recording a typical seizure through suggestive induction in 24 patients and through long-term monitoring in 19 patients. In group A (induction first), monitoring was not deemed necessary in 21% of cases. In group B (monitoring first), 13% would have remained inconclusive without suggestive induction. Patients who reported triggers to their habitual seizures were not more likely to have spontaneous or provoked PNES during monitoring or suggestive inducion, respectively. Patients with subjective seizure prodromes (auras) were significantly more likely to have a PNES during suggestive induction than those without (odds ratio [OR] 3.4, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1-10.4). There was no significant difference in seizure frequency between patients with spontaneous PNES during long-term monitoring and those with nondiagnostic monitoring sessions. Significance: Our results support the notion that suggestive seizure induction can reduce the number of inconclusive inpatient workups, and can obviate resource-intensive long-term monitoring in one fifth of cases. Patients who are aware of prodromes might have a higher chance of having seizures induced through suggestion. ER  - 
COVID-19 outbreak: The impact of stress on seizures in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: Stress is a known trigger for seizures in patients with epilepsy (PWE). However, the association between stress and seizures has not been thoroughly investigated. In December 2019, an outbreak of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) occurred in Wuhan, Hubei province, China, causing tremendous collateral stress. This study was designed to evaluate the influence of the COVID-19 outbreak on seizures in PWE in the most severely affected area, Wuhan, and its surrounding cities. Methods: In this single-center, cross-sectional study, PWE were surveyed via online questionnaires between February 23 and March 5, 2020. Collected data included demographic information, epilepsy-related characteristics (seizure type, frequency, antiepileptic drugs [AEDs], and medication management), direct and perceived threat of COVID-19, and changes in seizures during the outbreak. Psychological comorbidities were evaluated by the Patient Health Questionnaire–9, Generalized Anxiety Disorder–7 items, and Insomnia Severity Index (ISI). Multivariate logistic regression was used to identify precipitants for seizure exacerbation. Results: We received 362 completed questionnaires after excluding 12 duplicates (response rate = 63.51%). A total of 31 (8.56%) patients had increased seizures during the outbreak. Exposure history to COVID-19 (P =.001), uncontrolled seizure after AED therapy (P =.020), seizure frequency of two or more times per month before the outbreak (P =.005), change of AED regimen during the outbreak (AED reduction, withdrawal, replacement, skipping altogether; P =.002), and worry about the adverse effect of the outbreak on overall seizure-related issues (severity = moderate to critical; P =.038) were risk factors for increased seizures. Significance: A minority of PWE experienced seizure exacerbation during the outbreak of COVID-19. Stress, uncontrolled seizures, and inappropriate change in AED regimen were associated with increased seizures. Based on these findings, stress might be an independent precipitant for triggering seizures in some PWE. ER  - 
Nonelective hospital admissions, discharge disposition, and health services utilization in epilepsy patients: A population-based study$$$ Objective: Identifying adverse outcomes and examining trends and causes of nonelective admissions among persons with epilepsy would be beneficial to optimize patient care and reduce health services utilization. We examined the association of epilepsy with discharge status, in-hospital mortality, length-of-stay, and charges. We also examined 10-year trends and causes of hospital admissions among those with and without epilepsy. Methods: Nonelective hospital admission in persons with epilepsy was identified in the 2005-2014 National Inpatient Sample (NIS) using a validated International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) case definition. The NIS is the largest US all-payer database including patient and hospital-level variables, and represents hospitalizations in the general population. Descriptive statistics on trends and causes of admissions and multivariable regression analysis summarizing the association of epilepsy with the outcomes of interest are presented. Results: Of 4 718 178 nonelective admissions in 2014, 3.80% (n = 179 461) were in persons with epilepsy. Admissions in persons with epilepsy increased from 14 636 to 179 461 (P <.0001) between 2005 and 2014. As compared to persons without epilepsy, hospital admissions in persons with epilepsy had higher odds of transfer to other facilities (odds ratio [OR] = 1.77, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.72-1.81, P <.0001), being discharged against medical advice (OR = 1.48, 95% CI: 1.38-1.59, P <.0001), and incurring 4% greater total charges (P <.0001). Epilepsy, convulsions, pneumonia, mood disorders, cerebrovascular disease, and septicemia were the top causes for admissions in those with epilepsy. Significance: Future research should focus on designing targeted health care interventions that decrease the number of hospital admissions, reduce health services utilization, and increase the odds of discharge home in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Tele-Mental Connectivity: Pseudo-Therapy or The New Reality?$$$ Examination of Potential Differences in Reporting of Sensitive Psychosocial Measures via Diagnostic Evaluation Using Computer Video Telehealth LaFrance WC Jr, Ho WLN, Bhatla A, Baird G, Altalib H, Godleski L. J Neuropsychiatry Clin Neurosci. 2020:appineuropsych19080177. doi:10.1176/appi.neuropsych.19080177 Objective: The authors compared baseline characteristics and reporting of psychosocial measures among veterans with seizures who were evaluated in-clinic or remotely via computer video telehealth (CVT). It was hypothesized that the CVT group would report less trauma history, drug use, and comorbid symptoms compared with veterans seen in-clinic. Methods: A cross-sectional design was used to compare 72 veterans diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) or concurrent mixed epilepsy and PNES who were consecutively evaluated by a single clinician at the Providence Veterans Affairs Medical Center (PVAMC) Neuropsychiatric Clinic. In-clinic evaluations of veterans were performed at the PVAMC Neuropsychiatric Clinic (N = 16), and remote evaluations of veterans referred to the VA National TeleMental Health Center were performed via CVT (N = 56). All 72 patients were given comprehensive neuropsychiatric evaluations by direct interview, medical examination, and medical record review. Veterans’ reporting of trauma and abuse history, drug use, and psychiatric comorbidities were assessed, along with neurologic and psychiatric variables. Results: No significant differences were found between veterans evaluated in-clinic or remotely with regard to baseline characteristics and reporting of potentially sensitive information, including trauma and abuse history, substance use, and comorbid symptoms. Conclusions: Veterans with PNES evaluated via telehealth did not appear to withhold sensitive or personal information compared with those evaluated in-clinic, suggesting that CVT may be a comparable alternative for conducting evaluations. Baseline evaluations are used to determine treatment suitability, and telehealth allows clinicians to gain access to important information that may improve or inform care. ER  - 
Factors associated with stigma and depressive symptoms in family members of patients with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Literature regarding family stigma related to epilepsy is scarce. This study investigated the prevalence of family stigma and depressive symptoms and the associated factors among the family members of patients with epilepsy. Methods: In a cross-sectional study, Stigma Scale–Revised score ≥ 4 and Patient Health Questionnaire-9 score ≥ 10 were considered indicative of moderate-to-severe stigma and depressive symptoms, respectively. Stepwise logistic regression analyses were performed. Results: Of the 482 family members, a mean age was 47.1 ± 9.4 years, and 73.4% were female. Of the patients, a mean age was 25.5 ± 16.7 years, and 45.0% were female. Idiopathic generalized epilepsy and focal epilepsy were noted in 22.4% and 65.6% of patients, respectively. Family stigma and depressive symptoms were noted in 10.0% and 11.2% of family members, respectively. Family stigma was significantly associated with high seizure frequency and being a sibling or offspring of a patient independent of their depressive symptoms. By contrast, depressive symptoms in family members were significantly associated with polytherapy, being parents of a patient, and neurological comorbidities independent of family stigma. In a subset of patients and their family, patients had higher proportion of stigma and depressive symptoms than their family. Depressive symptoms and stigma among patients were significantly correlated with those among parents, but not spouse. Conclusion: Family stigma is common in families with epilepsy and is closely related to depressive symptoms. Frequent seizures, polytherapy, neurological comorbidities, and the relationship to a patient may be factors that are independently associated with family stigma and depressive symptoms in family members. ER  - 
Relationship between physical conditions and attempted or completed suicide in more than 9,300 individuals from the United Kingdom: a case-control study$$$ Aims: The present study of 9,352 adults from the United Kingdom aimed to analyze associations between physical conditions and attempted or completed suicide. Methods: This case-control study included patients aged 16-90 years with a first attempted or completed suicide who were followed in general practices in the United Kingdom between January 2008 and December 2017 (index date). Individuals who had not attempted or completed suicide were matched (1:1) to those who had attempted or completed suicide by sex, age, index year, index month, and practice. Variables included sex, age, index year, index month, and all physical and psychiatric conditions diagnosed in more than 1% of patients who had attempted or completed suicide in the year prior to the index date. A multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed to assess possible associations. Results: The case-control study included 4,676 patients who had and 4,676 patients who had not attempted or completed suicide. After (1:1) matching, 52.1% of the patients were women and the mean (standard deviation) age was 33.6 (15.1) years. After adjusting for psychiatric conditions, we found that three past-year physical conditions were significantly associated with attempted or completed suicide. These conditions were unspecified injuries to the head (odds ratio [OR]=4.26, 95% confidence interval [CI]=2.27-8.00), sleep disorders (OR=1.60, 95% CI=1.09-2.32), and epilepsy (OR=1.57, 95% CI=1.04-2.39). Conclusions: Head injuries, sleep disorders, and epilepsy were associated with attempted or completed suicide. Further research is needed to gain a better understanding of the mechanisms underlying these relationships. ER  - 
Pick Your Poison but Pick It Wisely: Choosing a Second-Line Medication for the Management of Status Epilepticus$$$ Efficacy of Levetiracetam, Fosphenytoin, and Valproate for Established Status Epilepticus by Age Group (ESETT): A Double-Blind, Responsive-Adaptive, Randomised Controlled Trial. Chamberlain JM, Kapur J, Shinnar S, Elm J, Holsti M, Babcock L, Rogers A, Barsan W, Cloyd J, Lowenstein D, Bleck TP, Conwit R, Meinzer C, Cock H, Fountain NB, Underwood E, Connor JT, and Silbergleit R, Neurological Emergencies Treatment Trials; Pediatric Emergency Care Applied Research Network investigators. Lancet. 2020;395(10231):1217-1224. doi:https://europepmc.org/article/med/32203691 Background: Benzodiazepine-refractory, or established, status epilepticus is thought to be of similar pathophysiology in children and adults, but differences in underlying etiology and pharmacodynamics might differentially affect response to therapy. In the Established Status Epilepticus Treatment Trial (ESETT), we compared the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam, fosphenytoin, and valproate in established status epilepticus, and here, we describe our results after extending enrolment in children to compare outcomes in 3 age groups. Methods: In this multicenter, double-blind, response-adaptive, randomized controlled trial, we recruited patients from 58 hospital emergency departments across the United States. Patients were eligible for inclusion if they were aged 2 years or older, had been treated for a generalized convulsive seizure of longer than 5 min duration with adequate doses of benzodiazepines, and continued to have persistent or recurrent convulsions in the emergency department for at least 5 min and no more than 30 minutes after the last dose of benzodiazepine. Patients were randomly assigned in a response-adaptive manner, using Bayesian methods, and stratified by age-group (<18 years, 18-65 years, and >65 years), to levetiracetam, fosphenytoin, or valproate. All patients, investigators, study staff, and pharmacists were masked to treatment allocation. The primary outcome was absence of clinically apparent seizures with improved consciousness and without additional anti-seizure medication at 1 hour from start of drug infusion. The primary safety outcome was life-threatening hypotension or cardiac arrhythmia. The efficacy and safety outcomes were analyzed by intention to treat. This study is registered in ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01960075. Findings: Between November 3, 2015, and December 29, 2018, we enrolled 478 patients and 462 unique patients were included: 225 children (aged <18 years), 186 adults (18-65 years), and 51 older adults (>65 years). One hundred seventy-five (38%) patients were randomly assigned to levetiracetam, 142 (31%) to fosphenytoin, and 145 (31%) were to valproate. Baseline characteristics were balanced across treatments within age groups. The primary efficacy outcome was met in those treated with levetiracetam for 52% (95% credible interval 41-62) of children, 44% (33-55) of adults, and 37% (19-59) of older adults; with fosphenytoin in 49% (38-61) of children, 46% (34-59) of adults, and 35% (17-59) of older adults; and with valproate in 52% (41-63) of children, 46% (34-58) of adults, and 47% (25-70) of older adults. No differences were detected in efficacy or primary safety outcome by drug within each age-group. With the exception of endotracheal intubation in children, secondary safety outcomes did not significantly differ by drug within each age-group. Interpretation: Children, adults, and older adults with established status epilepticus respond similarly to levetiracetam, fosphenytoin, and valproate, with treatment success in approximately half of patients. Any of the 3 drugs can be considered as a potential first-choice, second-line drug for benzodiazepine-refractory status epilepticus. : Randomized Trial of Three Anticonvulsant Medications for Status Epilepticus Kapur J, Elm J, Chamberlain JM, Barsan W, Cloyd J, Lowenstein D, Shinnar S, Conwit R, Meinzer C, Cock H, Fountain N, Connor JT, Silbergleit R, NETT, and PECARN Investigators. N Engl J Med. 2019;381(22):2103-2113. doi:10.1056/NEJMoa1905795 Background: The choice of drugs for patients with status epilepticus that is refractory to treatment with benzodiazepines has not been thoroughly studied. Methods: In a randomized, blinded, adaptive trial, we compared the efficacy and safety of 3 intravenous anticonvulsive agents—levetiracetam, fosphenytoin, and valproate—in children and adults with convulsive status epilepticus that was unresponsive to treatment with benzodiazepines. The primary outcome was absence of clinically evident seizures and improvement in the level of consciousness by 60 minutes after the start of drug infusion, without additional anticonvulsant medication. The posterior probabilities that each drug was the most or least effective were calculated. Safety outcomes included life-threatening hypotension or cardiac arrhythmia, endotracheal intubation, seizure recurrence, and death. Results: A total of 384 patients were enrolled and randomly assigned to receive levetiracetam (145 patients), fosphenytoin (118), or valproate (121). Reenrollment of patients with a second episode of status epilepticus accounted for 16 additional instances of randomization. In accordance with a prespecified stopping rule for futility of finding one drug to be superior or inferior, a planned interim analysis led to the trial being stopped. Of the enrolled patients, 10% were determined to have had psychogenic seizures. The primary outcome of cessation of status epilepticus and improvement in the level of consciousness at 60 minutes occurred in 68 patients assigned to levetiracetam (47%; 95% credible interval, 39-55), 53 patients assigned to fosphenytoin (45%; 95% credible interval, 36-54), and 56 patients assigned to valproate (46%; 95% credible interval, 38-55). The posterior probability that each drug was the most effective was 0.41, 0.24, and 0.35, respectively. Numerically, more episodes of hypotension and intubation occurred in the fosphenytoin group and more deaths occurred in the levetiracetam group than in the other groups, but these differences were not significant. Conclusions: In the context of benzodiazepine-refractory convulsive status epilepticus, the anticonvulsant drugs levetiracetam, fosphenytoin, and valproate each led to seizure cessation and improved alertness by 60 minutes in approximately half the patients, and the 3 drugs were associated with similar incidences of adverse events (Funded by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke; ESETT ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01960075.). ER  - 
Socioeconomic disparities in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and their caregivers$$$ Objective: There is no information on disparities of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and their caregivers. The objective of this exploratory study is to compare patients with PNES and caregivers with low socioeconomic status (SES) with those of high SES for disparities in healthcare use, seizures, medication adverse effects, psychosocial impact, and knowledge about epilepsy. Methods: Patients with PNES and caregivers completed surveys about the aforementioned outcomes during their Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) admission. Associations were evaluated using SES as a binary independent variable and the patient- and caregiver-related outcomes as dependent variables. Results: Forty-three patients and 28 caregivers were recruited. The majority of patients were on average 36 years old, single women, unemployed, with some college education. The majority had PNES for 8 years averaging 20 seizures per month and were maintained on ≥ 2 antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) prior to their EMU admission. Most caregivers were first-degree relatives with a mean age of 43 years, married employed women of higher educational attainment, typically cohabitating with the patients. Low SES patients showed poorer knowledge about epilepsy (p < 0.0001) and higher anxiety levels (p = 0.03). Conversely, high SES patients demonstrated poorer social functioning (p = 0.04). High SES caregivers showed higher caregiving burden (p = 0.01). Conclusion: There are noteworthy disparities in patients with PNES of different SES and their caregivers. Identification of those disparities is a critical step in the creation of appropriate interventions to address them. ER  - 
Perceptions of adult and child neurologists of transition programs in epilepsy in Latin America: A cross-sectional study$$$ Purpose: The objective of this study was to review the existence and opinion Latin American adult and child neurologists have about the development and function of transition programs in epilepsy. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study. A questionnaire was constructed with sociodemographic variables, knowledge about transition programs, barriers for building up transition programs, and 21 topics regarding the degree of involvement of healthcare providers and carers should have during the transition process. The online questionnaire was sent to 136 Latin American chapter officers registered in the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) webpage and to 36 clinicians assisting to the 13th Latin American Summer School on Epilepsy. Results: The answer rate was 68% (117/172), and all 19 Latin American countries were represented. Adult neurologists represented 60.7%. Only 16.2% knew of transition programs in epilepsy. The main limitations for transition programs were poor education about transition (76.9%), inflexible healthcare systems (75.2%), absence of financial support (61.5%), need of multidisciplinary teams (59%), and scarce communication between child and adult neurologists (53%). Providers and carers are expected to get involved at a high degree in all 21 presented topics for a transition process. The topics with highest percentage of commitment were violence and carrying weapons (93.2%), mental health (92.3%), alcohol and drugs (91.4%), suicide (90.6%), care of own's disease (90.5%), mortality risk (89.7%), and integral healthcare (92.2%). Conclusion: Only a few transition programs exist in Latin America. Knowing the benefits of and barriers for transition programs opens the opportunity to move further this strategy in the region considering local specificities. Education, communication skills, team working, and advocacy for adolescents with epilepsy could be initial starting points. ER  - 
External trigeminal nerve stimulation for drug resistant epilepsy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: External trigeminal nerve stimulation (ETNS) is an emergent, non-invasive neurostimulation therapy delivered bilaterally with adhesive skin electrodes. In previous studies, ETNS was associated to a decrease in seizure frequency in patients with focal drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE). Objective: To determine the long-term efficacy and tolerability of ETNS in patients with focal DRE. Moreover, to explore whether its efficacy depends on the epileptogenic zone (frontal or temporal), and its impact on mood, cognitive function, quality of life, and trigeminal nerve excitability. Methods: Forty consecutive patients with frontal or temporal DRE, unsuitable for surgery, were randomized to ETNS or usual medical treatment. Participants were evaluated at 3, 6 and 12 months for efficacy, side effects, mood scales, neuropsychological tests and trigeminal nerve excitability. Results: Subjects had a median of 15 seizures per month and had tried a median of 12.5 antiepileptic drugs. At 12 months, percentage of responders was 50% in ETNS group and 0% in control group. Seizure frequency in ETNS group decreased by −43.5% from baseline. Temporal epilepsy subgroup responded better than frontal epilepsy subgroup (55.56% vs. 45.45%, respectively). Median stimulation intensity was 6.2 mA. ETNS improved quality of life, but not anxiety or depression. Long-term ETNS affected neither neuropsychological function, nor trigeminal nerve excitability. No relevant adverse events were observed. Conclusions: ETNS is an effective and well-tolerated therapy for focal DRE. Patients with temporal epilepsy showed a better response than those with frontal epilepsy. Future studies with larger populations may define its role compared to other neurostimulation techniques. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class II evidence that ETNS reduces seizure frequency in patients with focal DRE. ER  - 
A feasibility trial of an internet-delivered psychological intervention to manage mental health and functional outcomes in neurological disorders$$$ Objective: Mental health and cognitive difficulties are highly prevalent across neurological disorders and significantly contribute to poorer patient outcomes. Unfortunately, access to effective psychological services for these comorbidities are limited. To determine whether a novel transdiagnostic internet-delivered psychological intervention, the Wellbeing Neuro Course, was feasible, acceptable and efficacious a single-group feasibility open trial was employed. Methods: The Wellbeing Neuro Course, targets mental health and cognitive difficulties, across a variety of neurological disorders. It is comprised of six online lessons, based on Cognitive Behavioural Therapy and Compensatory Cognitive Rehabilitation, delivered over 10 weeks and provided with weekly support from a mental health professional via email and telephone. 105 adults with diagnoses of either epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's disease and/or acquired brain injury, underwent the intervention. Results: The intervention was found to be highly acceptable with high intervention completion and levels of satisfaction (>95%). There was evidence of clinically significant improvements in primary outcomes (within-group Cohen's d; average reductions) of depression (d = 0.93; avg. reduction ≥36%), anxiety (ds = 0.66, avg. reduction ≥36%), and disability (ds ≥ 0.49; avg. reduction ≥23%) at post-intervention, maintained at 3-month follow-up. For secondary outcomes there were significant improvements in fatigue severity and perceived cognitive difficulties of attention, planning and prospective memory. Findings were achieved with minimal clinician time, highlighting its public health potential. Conclusion: This open trial provides preliminary evidence the Wellbeing Neuro Course is acceptable and reduces symptoms of depression, anxiety and disability in neurological disorders. Future controlled trials of the intervention are now needed. Trial registration: ACTRN12617000581369. ER  - 
Effectiveness and tolerability of adjunctive brivaracetam in patients with focal seizures: Second interim analysis of 6-month data from a prospective observational study in Europe$$$ Brivaracetam (BRV) is indicated for adjunctive treatment of focal (partial-onset) seizures with or without secondary generalisation in patients 4 years of age and older in the European Union (EU). An ongoing 12-month, prospective, non-interventional post-marketing study (EP0077; NCT02687711) is collecting real-world information on patients receiving treatment with adjunctive BRV in Europe. In this study, BRV is prescribed according to routine clinical practice and the EU Summary of Product Characteristics. This second interim analysis assessed effectiveness, tolerability and health-related quality of life outcomes for up to 6 months of treatment. At the cut-off date (13 April 2018), 266 patients from five countries had attended Visit 1, 24.1 % (64/266) had completed the study, 37.6 % (100/266) were ongoing, and 38.3 % (102/266) had discontinued. In total, 261 patients had at least one dose of BRV and were included in the analyses. Patients had a mean time since epilepsy diagnosis of 23.2 years, a mean of eight lifetime AEDs (sum of AEDs discontinued prior to study entry and concomitant at study entry), and a median of five focal seizures per 28 days during the 3-month retrospective Baseline. 66.3 % of patients initiated BRV at a dose within the recommended starting range (50–100 mg/day) and 87.1 % of patients received BRV modal doses within the recommended dose range (50–200 mg/day) during the study. Retention rates were 79.1 % (N = 239) at 3 months and 62.1 % (N = 211) at 6 months. The 50 % responder rates for focal seizures were 46.8 % (N = 139) at 3 months and 53.6 % (N = 97) at 6 months. The proportions of patients who were seizure-free were 10.7 % (21/196) and 7.5 % (15/199) at 3 and 6 months of treatment, respectively. Median percent reductions in focal seizure frequency per 28 days from Baseline to 3 and 6 months were 34.6 % (N = 139) and 53.3 % (N = 97), respectively. Overall, 44.2 % of patients had an improvement and 15.4 % had a worsening in Patient Weighted Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-Form 31 total score from Baseline to 6 months (N = 52). At least one treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) was reported in 51.0 % (133/261) of patients, and 34.5 % (90/261) of patients had drug-related TEAEs. The most common drug-related TEAEs (≥5% of patients) were drug ineffective (7.7 %), seizure (6.5 %), and fatigue (6.1 %). In this 6-month interim analysis, BRV showed effectiveness when used in clinical practice in five European countries. BRV was well tolerated, and no new safety signals were observed. ER  - 
Post-stroke complex regional pain syndrome and related factors: Experiences from a tertiary rehabilitation center$$$ Objective: In this study, it is aimed to determine the risk factors associated with CRPS after stroke and the clinical parameters of the patients and the treatment agents used for CPRS Method: 213 hemiplegic patients with CRPS diagnosed in Group 1 and 213 hemiplegic patients without CRPS in group 2 (control group) were included in the study designed retrospectively. Demographic data of the patients, Brunnstrom stage, Modified Ashworth scale, Barthel index were recorded from patients files. Associated risk faktors with CRPS such as Shoulder subluxation, adhesive capsulitis, fracture, deep vein thrombosis, spasticity, neglect, visual field defect, heterotopic ossification, entrapment neuropathies, brachial plexus damage, pressure wound, lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI), urinary tract infection, epilepsy, and depression were questioned. In addition, clinical findings, medical treatments, and physical therapy agents used were recorded. Results: The average age of the participants was 67.9 ± 10.3 in group 1 and 66.1 ± 9.9 in group 2. According to the multivariate logistic regression analysis, the presence of the duration of hemiplegi, the duration of hospitalization, shoulder subluxation, soft tissue lesion, adhesive capsulitis, spasticity, entrapment neuropathy, brachial plexus ınjury, protein energy malnutrition, LRTI, urinary infection, depression, coronary artery disease were significantly increased the development of CRPS (p<0.05). As a clinical parameter, edema was present in 95.3% of the patients, while trophic change was the lowest in 1.9%. While sensory reeducation was used in all patients in physical therapy, ganglion blockade was the lowest with 0.9% of patients. In medical treatment, the use of oral paracetamol was 28.2%, while the use of gabapentin was the last with 8.9%. Conclusions: In our study, the risk factors of CRPS after hemiplegia, which are as important as its treatment, as well as its diagnosis and prevention, are shown. ER  - 
Long term toxicity of intracranial germ cell tumor treatment in adolescents and young adults$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study is to describe the long-term toxicities of intracranial germ cell tumor (IGCT) in the adolescent and young adult (AYA) population. Methods: We report late toxicities of a multi-center cohort of AYA patients treated for IGCT between 1975 and 2015. Charts were retrospectively reviewed for hormone deficiency, ototoxicity, seizure disorder, visual deterioration, cerebrovascular events, second neoplasm, psychiatric illness, and neurocognitive impairment. Statistical analysis was performed for late toxicities to evaluate the influence of select factors. Results: Our patient cohort included 112 patients with IGCTs; 84% of patients had a germinoma as opposed to a non-germinomatous germ cell tumor (NGGCT), median age at radiotherapy (RT) was 19 years, and median follow-up was 8.3 years. Of the 94 patients with germinoma, 32 (34%) received both chemotherapy and RT as part of their upfront treatment, while 62 (66%) received RT alone. All 18 patients with NGGCT received chemotherapy and RT. The most common late toxicity following IGCT treatments was physician-reported neurocognitive impairment, with a 10-year cumulative incidence (CI) of 38.5%. Ten-year CI of treatment-induced ototoxicity was 39.2% for patients who received cisplatin, compared to 3.6% for those who received carboplatin but no cisplatin (p < 0.005). Suprasellar/hypothalamic tumor location was associated with 10-year CI of treatment-induced hormone deficiency (36.1 vs 6.2%, p < 0.005). Conclusions: A significant proportion of AYAs treated for IGCTs experience late effects from treatment, including neurocognitive impairment, ototoxicity, and hormone deficiency. Suprasellar/hypothalamic tumor location and cisplatin were associated with a higher risk of treatment-induced hormone deficiency and ototoxicity, respectively. ER  - 
Suicide Screening in Sturge-Weber Syndrome: An Important Issue in Need of Further Study$$$ Background: Sturge-Weber syndrome is a neurocutaneous disorder associated with epilepsy, glaucoma, cognitive impairments, and a port-wine birthmark. Although individuals with Sturge-Weber syndrome are vulnerable to known risk factors for suicide, including chronic illness and physical differences (port-wine birthmark), frequency of suicidal ideation and attempts, and the clinical factors associated with suicide risk, in patients with Sturge-Weber syndrome is unknown. Methods: As a part of routine hospital practice, all outpatients aged eight years and older underwent suicide risk screening during nursing triage using a standardized suicide screening tool. Suicide risk screening results, demographic variables, and medical history (as available) for patients with Sturge-Weber syndrome (N = 34; median age = 15.5; range = 8 to 47 years, 44% male) and other neurological conditions seen at the same institution (N = 369; median age = 14; range = 8 to 78 years, 66% male) were used for retrospective within- and between-group analysis. Results: In the combined sample of Sturge-Weber syndrome and neurologically involved patients, a positive suicide risk screen was related to Sturge-Weber syndrome diagnosis (P = 0.043); analysis by sex showed increased risk of Sturge-Weber syndrome diagnosis in males (P = 0.008), but not in females. Within the Sturge-Weber syndrome group, use of a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (P = 0.019) was related to a positive risk screen. Conclusion: People with Sturge-Weber syndrome may be at greater risk of suicidal thoughts or behaviors than those with other neurological conditions. Further study of suicide risk in patients with Sturge-Weber syndrome is needed. ER  - 
Myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein antibody associated central nervous system demyelinating disease: a tertiary center experience from Turkey$$$ Background: To identify the clinical and radiological characteristics of adult patients with myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein antibody disease (MOG-AD) in a Turkish cohort. Methods: Clinical and radiological data were obtained retrospectively. Serological testing was done with fixed and live cell-based assays. Results: Optic neuritis was the most common presenting symptom, and neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) without aquaporin-4 antibody (AQP4-IgG) was the most common phenotype. Most patients had a relapsing course. Steroid dependency was common. Conus involvement was a frequent clinical and radiological feature. Radiological features such as long segment involvement and perineural optic nerve gadolinium enhancement were also typical in our cohort. One patient presented with encephalopathy and seizures, pointing out to the importance of testing of myelin oligodendrocyte antibody (MOG-IgG) in such patients as well. Conclusion: Myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein antibody disease is a heterogeneous clinical entity with characteristic clinical and radiological features. Our single-center experience underlines prominent clinical and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) features and provides our treatment experiences. ER  - 
Toward prevention of behavioral emergencies in a general hospital insights from a one-year series$$$ Background: Behavioral emergencies endanger hospital staff and patients. The objective of this study was to identify patient characteristics that could be used to predict and prevent these incidents. Methods: We analyzed a one-year consecutive series of behavioral emergencies that triggered the rapid response team at a general hospital, comparing study patients with controls who did not trigger a rapid response. Standard parametric or nonparametric tests, as appropriate, were used to compare the 2 groups in univariate analyses, and multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to identify the best combination of variables for stratifying the risk of such an event. Results: There were 109 behavioral emergencies involving 83 patients. Comparison of patients who did (n = 83) or did not (n = 22,849) trigger a rapid response revealed marked differences between the two groups with respect to age, sex, and the prevalence of psychiatric comorbidities and various conditions that can diminish cognitive function. Substance use disorder was the most frequent principal diagnosis in the study group, accounting for 10.8% (9/83) of study patients vs. 0.6% (132/22849) of controls (p < 0.0001). The presence of a condition that can impair cognition (substance intoxication and withdrawal, epilepsy, cerebrovascular disease, traumatic brain injury, delirium, dementia) was associated with a 13-fold increase in the risk of a behavioral disturbance (95% CI, 8 to 22-fold). Conclusions: Brief cognitive assessment of patients susceptible to cognitive impairment, along with diligent prophylaxis and management of substance withdrawal and delirium, may facilitate prevention of behavioral emergencies. ER  - 
Is patient acceptance of the diagnosis of functional (psychogenic nonepileptic) seizures linked to their clinical characteristics?$$$ Purpose: We investigated the rate of acceptance of functional seizures (FS) or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) diagnosis in a cross-sectional study in a cohort from Iran. We hypothesized that the acceptance of FS diagnosis has association with clinical characteristics of the patients. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, all patients with FS, who were diagnosed at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center, Iran, from 2008 until 2018, were investigated. In a phone call interview in February 2020, we obtained the following information: whether they have accepted the diagnosis that was delivered to them; what is their seizure outcome (seizure-free during the past 12 months or not). Results: 100 patients participated; at the time of the follow-up call, 74 (74%) patients expressed that they have accepted the diagnosis of FS. At the follow-up call, 48 patients (48%) were seizure-free and 52 patients (52%) were suffering from FS yet; 34 of seizure-free patients (71%) and 40 of those patients who still had seizures (77%) expressed that they have accepted the diagnosis of FS (p = .504; Fisher's exact test). Patients' characteristics and seizure semiology were not associated with the acceptance of the diagnosis of FS. Conclusion: That the majority of patients with FS accept their diagnosis if it is delivered to them appropriately, and demographic and clinical characteristics of the patients do not have associations with this. ER  - 
Presence of anti-neuronal antibodies in children with neurological disorders beyond encephalitis$$$ Background: Anti-neuronal autoantibodies have been reported as the cause of several neurologic disorders other than encephalitis. Unfortunately, data are mostly based on serum analysis. Predictions about pathogenicity are thus limited. To determine the presence of so far unidentified autoantibody-derived neuroreactivity we analyzed cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of children with neurological disorders other than encephalitis. Patients and methods: We did a retrospective analysis of CSF from 254 children with various neurologic diseases other than encephalitis and searched for reactivity against neuronal surface antigens by immunofluorescence on unfixed murine brain sections (tissue-based assay, TBA) and by commercial cell-based assays (CBA). A semi-quantitative fluorescence score classified our results and we described the clinical course of all positive patients with strong neuroreactivity. Results: Strong anti-neuronal IgG immunoreactivity of unknown antigen specificity was detected in CSF samples of 10 pediatric patients (4%, n = 10/254) with unsolved neurological disorders. CSF inflammatory markers were elevated. Most patients did not or only partly recover. Five screening-positive patients presented with a combination of headache and visual impairment due to optic nerve atrophy. Our data suggest to consider inflammatory, autoantibody-related etiologies, especially in cases without definite diagnoses. Conclusions: We present an overview of CSF neuroreactivity in children with neurological disorders other than encephalitis, indicating the presence of unidentified anti-neuronal autoantibodies. As TBA enables screening for unknown autoantibodies, we suggest this method as a second step if commercial CBAs do not yield a result. Further studies are necessary to characterize such antibodies, evaluate pathogenicity, and answer the question whether positive CSF neuroreactivity should prompt an immunotherapeutic approach. ER  - 
Risk factors of damage in early diagnosed systemic lupus erythematosus: Results of the Italian multicentre Early Lupus Project inception cohort$$$ Objective: To investigate risk factors for damage development in a prospective inception cohort of early diagnosed SLE patients. Methods: The Early Lupus Project recruited an inception cohort of patients within 12 months of SLE classification (1997 ACR criteria). At enrolment and every 6 months thereafter, the SLICC/ACR Damage Index was recorded. The contribution of baseline and time-varying covariates to the development of damage, defined as any SLICC/ACR Damage Index increase from 0 to ≥1, was assessed using univariate analysis. Forward-backward Cox regression models were fitted with covariates with P < 0.05 to identify factors independently associated with the risk of damage development. Results: Overall, 230 patients with a mean (s.d.) age of 36.5 (14.4) years were eligible for this study; the mean number of visits per patient was 5.3 (2.7). There were 51 (22.2%) patients with SLICC/ACR Damage Index ≥1 after 12 months, 59 (25.6%) after 24 months and 67 (29.1%) after 36 months. Dyslipidaemia [P = 0.001; hazard ratio (HR) 2.9; 95% CI 1.5, 5.6], older age (P = 0.001; HR 3.0; 95% CI 1.6, 5.5), number of organs/systems involved (P = 0.002; HR 1.4; 95% CI 1.1, 1.8) and cardiorespiratory involvement (P = 0.041; HR 1.9; 95% CI 1.0, 3.7) were independently associated with an increased risk of developing damage. Risk profiles for damage development differed for glucocorticoid-related and-unrelated damage. HCQ use (P = 0.005; HR 0.4; 95% CI 0.2, 0.8) reduced the risk of glucocorticoid-unrelated damage. Conclusion: We identified risk factors of damage development, but little effect of glucocorticoids, in this early SLE cohort. Addressing modifiable risk factors from the time of SLE diagnosis might improve patient outcomes. ER  - 
Personality Disorders among Suicide Attempters$$$ Attempted suicide is a common clinical problem in general hospitals. Personality disorders are at increased risk forsuicide. There are few case-control studies on attempted suicide in India. The aim of the study was to find out the prevalence of Personality Disorders in survivors following their first suicide attempts. 100 consecutive cases of first suicide attempters (Group-I) were compared with an equal number of randomly selected controls (Group-II), matched for age and sex. Risk-Rescue rating was applied in suicide attempters to know the medical seriousness of the suicide attempt. Structured clinical interview (MINI Plus) and semi-structured clinical interview (IPDE) were used for Personality diagnosis. The two groups were compared using appropriate statistical measures. The overall medical seriousness of the suicide attempt was of moderate lethality (low risk, high rescue group). Group-I had higher personality disorders (52% v 25%) compared to group-II. The difference was found to be statistically significant with an Odds ratio of 3.43 of having personality disorder and suicide attempt. The most common cluster of personality disorder was cluster-B followed by cluster A and cluster-C. Emotionally unstable-impulsive type, schizoid, paranoid and anankastic personality disorders were most frequent among the suicide attempters. Individuals who made first suicide attempt had high prevalence of personality disorders in comparison to the controls. ER  - 
A study of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in an inpatient video-electroencephalography monitoring service in Tabriz, northwest of Iran$$$ Background: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are manifested as paroxysmal alterations in motor, sensory, autonomic, and/or cognitive and behavioral signs and symptoms, without associated ictal epileptiform discharges. A misdiagnosis of PNES as epilepsy results in a prolonged and unnecessary (antiepileptic) drug treatment and social and psychological stigma of epilepsy in these patients. This study aimed to determine the epidemiology, clinical manifestations, and associated factors of PNES in hospitalized patients in the video-electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring (VEM) service of Razi Hospital, Tabriz, Iran. Methods: In this cross-sectional descriptive study, 55 patients with a final diagnosis of PNES were selected from the patients referred to the VEM unit of Razi Hospital for the evaluation of epilepsy. The study was performed from May 2017 to June 2019. Patient information included demographic data and medical history (drug history, comorbidities, trauma, and family history). The clinical manifestations (semiology and duration of attacks) and EEG findings, as recorded by VEM during hospitalization, were collected. Results: 55 patients with PNES were studied with VEM, 27 (49.1%) of which were men, and 28 (50.9%) were women. The mean and standard deviation (SD) of age of the patients was 34.16 ± 12.64 years. No significant differences were observed in the semiology of PNES between men and women. Depression was the most common psychiatric comorbidity. Conclusion: The clinical manifestations of PNES in the present study were similar to those in most previous studies from other countries. The culture and sex of the patients did not seem to be a contributing factor in PNES semiology. ER  - 
To compare the analgesic efficacy of two different doses of epidural ketamine in chronic low back-pain patients: A randomised double-blind study$$$ Background and Aims: Ketamine, an adjunct to epidural steroid injections (ESI) for chronic back-pain provides better quality and prolonged duration of analgesia. The present study aims to evaluate the analgesic efficacy in terms of pain scores, duration of pain-free period, patient satisfaction score (PSS) and number of repeat injections with 25 mg versus 50 mg ketamine as adjuvants to ESI. Methods: In a prospective, randomised, double-blind trial at a tertiary care hospital, 60 patients of chronic low back-pain of either sex, aged 18-65 years, received preservative free 25 mg ketamine in Group I and 50 mg ketamine in Group II as adjunct to 40 mg triamcinolone in total 6 ml volume given epidurally. Baseline data along with follow-ups at 2, 4, 8 and 12 weeks post-procedure included assessment of pain using Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), duration, number of repeat blocks using PSS, Quality of Life (QoL) and side-effects. Categorical data analysed using the Chi-Square test, and continuous data using paired t-test. Results: Pain evaluation within the groups over time showed significant improvement from baseline (P = 0.000), and between the groups showed comparable VAS scores at 12 weeks (P = 0.392). The PSS, pain-free duration and number of repeat injections were also statistically comparable. However, the QoL improved more in Group II vs Group I (P = 0.024). The short-lasting side effects were more in Group II, but no features of neurotoxicity were observed in any patient. Conclusion: The analgesic efficacy of adjuvant therapy with 50 mg ketamine appeared comparable to 25 mg ketamine. Although, there was a better quality of life and longer pain-free interval with 50 mg ketamine, the side effects were more. ER  - 
The clinical and immunological profiles of systemic lupus erythematosus patients from Assam, North-East India$$$ Objective: The objective of this study is to document the clinical and immunological profiles of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients from the Upper Assam region and to evaluate the relevance of autoantibody combinations on the clinical presentation of SLE. Materials and Methods: One hundred and forty-five SLE patients were enrolled in the study. Anti-nuclear antibody (ANA) profiles and titers of autoantibodies were determined using the ANA blot and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, respectively. The patients were clustered based on autoantibody titers and clinical features among the clusters were compared. Results: Mucocutaneous (87.59%), hematological (69.65%), renal (58.03%), and musculoskeletal (50.34%) manifestations were the common clinical complications, whereas anti-double stranded deoxyribonucleic acid (dsDNA) antibody was noted in 62.76% of the patients. Patient clustering using autoantibody titers revealed that the cluster with a combination of high titers of anti-dsDNA, anti-nucleosome (Nuc), and anti-ribosomal P (Rib-P) antibody had complex disease presentation with higher frequencies of oral/nasal ulcer, serositis, musculoskeletal, hematological, and central nervous system manifestations. Conclusion: The most common clinical features of the SLE patients were mucocutaneous, hematological, renal and musculoskeletal manifestations, and anti-dsDNA antibody was the most frequent autoantibody. A combination of high titers of anti-dsDNA, anti-Nuc, and anti-Rib-P antibodies showed association with disease complexity but not the combinations of autoantibodies against extractable nuclear antigens. ER  - 
Infecção liquórica em drenagem ventricular externa: Avaliação dos fatores de risco em 110 pacientes de uma única instituição*$$$ Objectives ?External ventricular drainage (EVD) is extensively used in the neurosurgical practice with the purpose of monitoring the intracranial pressure and draining the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). Despite its remarkable benefits, the technique is not devoid of risks, notably infections, which have been reported in up to 45% of the cases. Methods ?A retrospective analysis of the main risk factors for CSF infection in neurosurgical patients submitted to EVD at a single institution. We recorded and submitted to statistical comparison every risk factor for CSF infection present or absent in each of the 110 EVD patients enrolled, 53 males and 57 females, with an average age of 52.9 years, with different underlying neurosurgical conditions. Results ?Infection of the CSF occurred in 32 patients (29%). The rate of mortality related to CSF infection was of 18.7% (6 of 32). The risk factors that showed statistical significance for CSF infection in this series were: emergency surgery; length of stay at the intensive care unit (UCI); duration of the EVD; parenchymal and/or intraventricular hemorrhage; simultaneous infections; time of bladder catheterization; and the use of non-disposable adhesive drapes as part of the preparation of the wound area. Conclusions ?Infection of the CSF in patients submitted to EVD is multifactorial and a challenge in terms of prevention. Further studies proposing scores with blended risk factors may be useful to prevent and reduce the morbidity and mortality associated with CSF infection. ER  - 
Dementia and alcohol: Retrospective study$$$ Background and Purpose of the study: The ISTAT data on alcoholconsumption in the Italian population show that the most at riskgroup, after the youth one, is that of young elderly people, considered consumers at risk for pathologies and alcohol related problems. Chronic alcohol consumption causes multiple peripheral andcentral nervous system dysfunctions.Materials and Methods: In this study we have described the various neurological consequences of alcohol such as toxic and deficient neuropathy, Gayet-Wernicke syndrome, Korsakoff syndrome,alcoholic dementia, Marchiafava-Bignami syndrome, hepatic encephalopathy, alcoholic epilepsy and alcohol withdrawal symptoms. Through a retrospective study of the clinical cases observedin the two years 2018-2019 of the UOC of General Medicine ofthe Hospital of the Sea, we analyzed the individual clinical casesand the differential clinical forms of alcoholic dementia.Results: From our study we observed that the most frequently observed form in our hospitalizations is the subacute or chronic formassociated with demyelinating lesions with prevalence of frontalsigns (apathy, indifference, executive disorders).Conclusions: The loneliness of the elderly and cognitive impairment are responsible for alcohol abuse in this age group and alcohol-induced brain damage leads to varied clinicalmanifestations that can make it difficult to correctly diagnose theinternist, who tends to misunderstand alcohol abuse in a patientwith possible senile dementia. ER  - 
Stiff-person spectrum disorders in Russia: A retrospective analysis of 20 cases$$$ Objective: We aimed to analyze clinical and immunologic features of a cohort of stiff-person spectrum disorder (SPSD) patients, who have been clinically managed by us in recent years. Background: To date, the largest cohort of SPSD patients was analyzed in a work by Martinez-Hernandez et al. (2016) and included121 subjects. In Russia, only single case reports have been published. We present a relatively large cohort of 20 patients with SPSD. Methods: A retrospective analysis of health records of 20 patients diagnosed by our group with SPSD during the period of 2015-2019 was performed. Patients have been followed at the Research Center of Neurology (Moscow), Buyanov Moscow City Clinical Hospital, and City General Hospital No. 2 (St. Petersburg). All available demographic, clinical, and laboratory data were extracted from the health records together with the results of EMG and neuroimaging studies. Results: Out of 20 patients only 2 were men. The median age-at-onset was 50 years ranging from 22 to 69. The median of the time from the first symptom onset to the correct diagnosis was 29 months (14.25; 64). Nobody was referred with an initially diagnosed or suspected SPSD. The most frequent diagnostic 'masks' were 'degenerative spine disease' and 'somatoform disorder'. In most cases, stiffness distribution was quite typical. Most common first complaints included stiffness in lumbar region and thighs as well as painful muscle spasms. Eighteen patients were found to have serum antibodies to GAD65, 2 were negative for serum antibodies to both GAD65 and amphiphysin, of whom 1 was positive for CSF anti- GAD65. Five patients were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. Six patients had cerebellar signs, 13 experienced falls, and 2 had epileptic seizures. In 6 subjects, symptomatic therapy only was enough to sufficiently improve clinical status, whereas other demanded immunotherapy. Conclusions: The demographic data were consistent with that published on SPSD. The time from the first symptom onset to the conclusive diagnosis was similar to, and even slightly shorter than, that in the study by Rakocevic et al. (2019). Causes of diagnostic pitfalls in SPSD may include (1) insufficient awareness among medical specialists and (2) misinterpretations by the physicians of the unusual or non-specific complaints at the disease onset. Clinical and EMG features are of great importance given that occasional SPSD cases may be antibody-negative. ER  - 
Relationship between falling and chronic diseases in the elderly: A study derived from amirkola health and ageing project$$$ Background: Chronic diseases and falling are important health issues among elderly people since they are able to reduce the quality of their lives. Objectives: The present study aimed to investigate the relationship between chronic diseases and falling in the elderly. Methods: The present cross-sectional study was derived from the first phase of the Amirkola Health and Ageing Project (AHAP) that had been performed on all elderly people aged 60 and above in Amirkola city in the northern part of Iran. The demographic characteristics, including chronic diseases, were collected through self-report questionnaires and observation of their prescriptions and consumed medications. Moreover, the history of falling during the previous 12 months was obtained through the information form and interview with the subjects. Results: In total, 883 males (54.6%) and 733 females (45.3%) were studied whose mean age was 69.37±7.42 (70±7.7 and 69.7±7.00 in males and females, respectively). In this study, 288 (17.8%) of the participants had the experience of falling in the last 12 months. The prevalence of falling was higher in elderly females (P<0.001) and the subjects who lived alone (P=0.01). Furthermore, it was found that the prevalence of falling in the elderly had a significant relationship with other diseases, namely osteoporosis (P<0.001), myocardial infarction (P=0.03), fractures (P<0.001), cognitive impairment (P=0.001), and headache (P=0.002). In addition, the results of logistic regression showed that the prevalence of falling had an association with urinary incontinence (P=0.02), history of fracture (P=0.001), hearing loss (P=0.006), and depression symptoms (P=0.001). Conclusion: According to the results, there was a significant prevalence of falling among the subjects which had a direct relationship with some chronic diseases. Therefore, it is necessary to ask related questions from the elderly who refer to the health centers and be more careful about them. ER  - 
Individual vulnerabilities to psychosis after antiepileptic drug administration$$$ Background Psychosis often develops after the administration of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in patients with epilepsy. However, the individual vulnerability and clinical condition of such patients have been rarely scrutinised. We investigated the effect of individually consistent (trait-dependent) and inconsistent (state-dependent) characteristics. Methods The individual characteristics, clinical states and psychotic outcome of patients from eight adult epilepsy clinics were retrospectively reviewed over 6-month periods after a new drug (AED or non-AED) administration between 1981 and 2015. Results A total of 5018 new drugs (4402 AEDs and 616 non-AEDs) were used in 2015 patients with focal epilepsy. Subsequently, 105 psychotic episodes (81 interictal and 24 postictal) occurred in 89 patients. Twelve patients exhibited multiple episodes after different AED administrations. Trait-dependent characteristics (early onset of epilepsy, known presumed causes of epilepsy, lower intellectual function and a family history of psychosis) were significantly associated with the patients who exhibited psychosis. Absence of family history of epilepsy was also associated with psychosis but not significantly. Subsequent logistic regression analysis with a model incorporating family history of psychosis and epilepsy, and intellectual function was the most appropriate (p=0.000). State-dependent characteristics, including previous psychotic history and epilepsy-related variables (longer duration of epilepsy, AED administration, higher seizure frequency and concomitant use of AEDs) were significantly associated with psychotic episodes. Subsequent analysis found that a model including AED administration and previous psychotic history was the most appropriate (p=0.000). Conclusion Psychosis occurring after new AED administration was related to the individual vulnerability to psychosis and intractability of epilepsy. ER  - 
Statins in survivors of traumatic brain injury: a propensity score-matched analysis$$$ Background: Several in-vitro and animal studies suggest that statins may have beneficial effects on clinical outcomes of traumatic brain injury (TBI), however, clinical data are scarce. Objectives: To examine the association of statin use with TBI clinical outcomes among patients with TBI. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of Tricare beneficiaries who had a TBI diagnosis, as defined by the Barbell injury diagnosis matrix. Outcomes were defined using ICD-9 codes and included: post-concussion syndrome, neurological disorders, substance dependence or abuse, and psychiatric disorders. Statin-users and non-users were propensity score (PS)-matched using 103 baseline characteristics. Results: Out of 1187 adult patients with a TBI diagnosis (172 statin-users and 1015 nonusers), we PS-matched 70 statin-users to 70 non-users. There were no statistically significant differences in the PS-matched cohort of statin-users in comparison to nonusers for post-concussion syndrome (odds ratio [OR]: 0.24, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.03–2.20), neurological disorders (OR: 0.60, CI: 0.31–1.16); substance dependence or abuse (OR: 0.80, CI: 0.40–1.60), or psychiatric disorders (OR 0.80, CI: 0.41–1.55). Conclusion: This study did not show benefit or harm for statins among survivors of TBI. Our findings do not support the evidence from some animal studies and small randomized controlled trials. Further studies utilizing larger sample sizes are warranted. ER  - 
Effectiveness and Cost-Effectiveness of Internet-Based Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia in Clinical Settings$$$ Background: Internet-delivered cognitive-behavior treatment for insomnia (iCBT-I) has the potential to fill the gap created by the discrepancy between insomnia cases and number of trained professionals. Although the effectiveness of this method was proven in multiple studies conducted in research settings, its feasibility in routine care is still unclear. Predictors, mediators, and moderators of treatment effect remain uncertain since previous studies often give contradictory results. The present study aims to investigate clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of an internet-based CBT-I program Sleepsy in comparison with care as usual (CAU) among patients with CI recruited from clinical settings. Baseline data will be further analyzed to find predictors of treatment outcome. Methods/Design: The proposed study is a parallel-group randomized controlled trial comparing CAU plus iCBT-I with CAU in a clinical setting. One hundred ten participants will be referred from the medical doctors in Moscow. Both groups will have access to CAU, which corresponds to the treatment prescribed by the referring doctor. Patients of the first group will additionally get access to the iCBT-I program with the opportunity to contact a specialist (guidance on request) in a secured environment. The primary outcome is insomnia severity change from pre- to post-treatment. Secondary outcomes include change of subjective sleep characteristics, life quality, fatigue, daytime sleepiness, comorbid affective disorders, dysfunctional beliefs about sleep, sleep hygiene, healthcare consumption, productivity losses, and longer term outcomes at 3 months follow-up. Predictor analysis will include baseline scores of the aforementioned outcomes along with treatment expectancies and personality traits. Discussion: The proposed study is one of the first studies evaluating whether iCBT-I also works in routine care. We expect that recruitment of the participants let us determine the target group more precisely and exclude health problems interfering with treatment. Using CAU as control condition may result in a loss of power to detect a meaningful difference. Nevertheless, this approach is reasonable since it reconstructs the clinical situation faced by practicing doctors. ER  - 
The efficacy of perampanel as adjunctive therapy in drug-resistant focal epilepsy in a “real world” context: focus on temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Background: Perampanel (PER) is a novel antiepileptic drug approved as an add-on therapy for focal onset seizures with or without generalization and primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Aim of this study was to evaluate PER efficacy and tolerability as add-on therapy in patients with drug-resistant focal onset seizures and especially temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Methods: An observational, prospective, multicentre study on adult with drug-resistant focal epilepsy consecutively recruited from six Italian tertiary epilepsy centres. All patients received add-on PER according to indication and clinical judgement. Seizure frequency and adverse events (AEs) were recorded at 6 and 12 months after PER introduction. Results: Study sample comprised 246 patients, 77 of which with TLE. Seventy-five (35.9%) out of 209 and 66 (38.8%) out of 170 patients still taking PER resulted to be responders (i.e. ≥50% of seizure frequency or seizure free) after six and 12 months, respectively. In the TLE group, 39 (57.3%) out of 68 subjects on PER after 6 months and 32 (60.4%) out of 53 subjects taking PER after 12 months were responders. Overall reported incidence of AEs was 26.1%. In 28 cases (11.3%) AEs lead/contributed to PER discontinuation. The most frequently reported AE were dizziness (14/84) and somnolence (14/84). Regarding TLE patients, 25.9% of them experienced at least one AE and discontinuation for AEs occurred in eight (10.4%). Conclusions: This study confirmed the good efficacy and safety of PER for drug-resistant focal epilepsy in real-life conditions and, above all, for the first time provide its effectiveness in patients with TLE. ER  - 
Safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of plasmodium falciparum sporozoite vaccine administered by direct venous inoculation to infants and young children: Findings from an age de-escalation, dose-escalation, double-blind, randomized controlled study in Western Kenya$$$ Background. The whole Plasmodium falciparum sporozoite (PfSPZ) vaccine is being evaluated for malaria prevention. The vaccine is administered intravenously for maximal efficacy. Direct venous inoculation (DVI) with PfSPZ vaccine has been safe, tolerable, and feasible in adults, but safety data for children and infants are limited. Methods. We conducted an age de-escalation, dose-escalation randomized controlled trial in Siaya County, western Kenya. Children and infants (aged 5-9 years, 13-59 months, and 5-12 months) were enrolled into 13 age-dose cohorts of 12 participants and randomized 2:1 to vaccine or normal saline placebo in escalating doses: 1.35 × 105, 2.7 × 105, 4.5 × 105, 9.0 × 105, and 1.8 × 106 PfSPZ, with the 2 highest doses given twice, 8 weeks apart. Solicited adverse events (AEs) were monitored for 8 days after vaccination, unsolicited AEs for 29 days, and serious AEs throughout the study. Blood taken prevaccination and 1 week postvaccination was tested for immunoglobulin G antibodies to P. falciparum circumsporozoite protein (PfCSP) using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results. Rates of AEs were similar in vaccinees and controls for solicited (35.7% vs 41.5%) and unsolicited (83.9% vs 92.5%) AEs, respectively. No related grade 3 AEs, serious AEs, or grade 3 laboratory abnormalities occurred. Most (79.0%) vaccinations were administered by a single DVI. Among those in the 9.0 × 105 and 1.8 × 106 PfSPZ groups, 36 of 45 (80.0%) vaccinees and 4 of 21 (19.0%) placebo controls developed antibodies to PfCSP (P < .001). Conclusions. PfSPZ vaccine in doses as high as 1.8 × 106 can be administered to infants and children by DVI, and was safe, well tolerated, and immunogenic. ER  - 
Mortality in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective To investigate the hypothesis that patients diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) on video-EEG monitoring (VEM) have increased mortality by comparison to the general population.MethodsThis retrospective cohort study included patients evaluated in VEM units of 3 tertiary hospitals in Melbourne, Australia, between January 1, 1995, and December 31, 2015. Diagnosis was based on consensus opinion of experienced epileptologists and neuropsychiatrists at each hospital. Mortality was determined in patients diagnosed with PNES, epilepsy, or both conditions by linkage to the Australian National Death Index. Lifetime history of psychiatric disorders in PNES was determined from formal neuropsychiatric reports.ResultsA total of 5,508 patients underwent VEM. A total of 674 (12.2%) were diagnosed with PNES, 3064 (55.6%) with epilepsy, 175 (3.2%) with both conditions, and 1,595 (29.0%) received other diagnoses or had no diagnosis made. The standardized mortality ratio (SMR) of patients diagnosed with PNES was 2.5 (95% confidence interval [CI] 2.0-3.3). Those younger than 30 had an 8-fold higher risk of death (95% CI 3.4-19.8). Direct comparison revealed no significant difference in mortality rate between diagnostic groups. Among deaths in patients diagnosed with PNES (n = 55), external causes contributed 18%, with 20% of deaths in those younger than 50 years attributed to suicide, and "epilepsy"was recorded as the cause of death in 24%.ConclusionsPatients diagnosed with PNES have a SMR 2.5 times above the general population, dying at a rate comparable to those with drug-resistant epilepsy. This emphasizes the importance of prompt diagnosis, identification of risk factors, and implementation of appropriate strategies to prevent potential avoidable deaths. ER  - 
Heart Rate Variability Parameters During Psychogenic Non-epileptic Seizures: Comparison Between Patients With Pure PNES and Comorbid Epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) may resemble epileptic seizures. There are few data about ictal ANS activity alterations induced by PNES in patients with pure PNES (pPNES) compared to PNES with comorbid epilepsy (PNES/ES). We aimed to compare heart rate variability (HRV) parameters and hence autonomic regulation in PNES in epileptic and non-epileptic patients. Methods: We obtained HRV data from video-electroencephalography recordings in 22 patients presenting PNES (11 pPNES and 11 PNES/ES) in awake, and supine states. We calculated HRV parameters in both time and frequency domains including low frequency (LF) power, high frequency power (HF), LF/HF ratio, square root of the mean of the sum of the squares of differences between adjacent R wave intervals (RMSSD) and the standard deviation of all consecutive R wave intervals (SDNN). We also evaluated approximate entropy (ApEn), cardiosympathetic index (CSI), and cardiovagal index (CVI). Four conditions were considered: basal condition (BAS), before PNES (PRE), during PNES (ICT) and after PNES (POST). Results: HRV analysis showed significantly higher ICT LF and LF/HF ratio vs. each condition. We also found higher POST HF vs. PRE and BAS, lower RRI in ICT vs. each condition and PRE vs. BAS. POST RMSSD was significantly higher compared to all other states. ICT CSI was significantly higher compared to all other states, whereas CSI was significantly lower in POST vs. PRE and PRE CVI lower than ICT and higher in POST vs. BAS and PRE. Also, ICT ApEn was lower than in all other states. Higher LF in pPNES vs. PNES/ES was also evident when compared across groups. Significance: A few studies examined HRV alterations in PNES, reporting high sympathetic tone (although less evident than in epileptic seizures). Our data suggest a sympathetic overdrive before and during PNES followed by a post-PNES increase in vagal tone. A sympathovagal imbalance was more evident in pPNES as compared to PNES/ES. ER  - 
Characteristics of Neuropsychiatric Mobile Health Trials: Cross-Sectional Analysis of Studies Registered on ClinicalTrials.gov$$$ BACKGROUND: The development of mobile health (mHealth) technologies is progressing at a faster pace than that of the science to evaluate their validity and efficacy. Under the International Committee of Journal Medical Editors (ICMJE) guidelines, clinical trials that prospectively assign people to interventions should be registered with a database before the initiation of the study. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to better understand the smartphone mHealth trials for high-burden neuropsychiatric conditions registered on ClinicalTrials.gov through November 2018, including the number, types, and characteristics of the studies being conducted; the frequency and timing of any outcome changes; and the reporting of results. METHODS: We conducted a systematic search of ClinicalTrials.gov for the top 10 most disabling neuropsychiatric conditions and prespecified terms related to mHealth. According to the 2016 World Health Organization Global Burden of Disease Study, the top 10 most disabling neuropsychiatric conditions are (1) stroke, (2) migraine, (3) major depressive disorder, (4) Alzheimer disease and other dementias, (5) anxiety disorders, (6) alcohol use disorders, (7) opioid use disorders, (8) epilepsy, (9) schizophrenia, and (10) other mental and substance use disorders. There were no date, location, or status restrictions. RESULTS: Our search identified 135 studies. A total of 28.9% (39/135) of studies evaluated interventions for major depressive disorder, 14.1% (19/135) of studies evaluated interventions for alcohol use disorders, 12.6% (17/135) of studies evaluated interventions for stroke, 11.1% (15/135) of studies evaluated interventions for schizophrenia, 8.1% (11/135) of studies evaluated interventions for anxiety disorders, 8.1% (11/135) of studies evaluated interventions for other mental and substance use disorders, 7.4% (10/135) of studies evaluated interventions for opioid use disorders, 3.7% (5/135) of studies evaluated interventions for Alzheimer disease or other dementias, 3.0% (4/135) of studies evaluated interventions for epilepsy, and 3.0% (4/135) of studies evaluated interventions for migraine. The studies were first registered in 2008; more than half of the studies were registered from 2016 to 2018. A total of 18.5% (25/135) of trials had results reported in some publicly accessible location. Across all the studies, the mean estimated enrollment (reported by the study) was 1078, although the median was only 100. In addition, across all the studies, the actual reported enrollment was lower, with a mean of 249 and a median of 80. Only about a quarter of the studies (35/135, 25.9%) were funded by the National Institutes of Health. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the increasing use of health-based technologies, this analysis of ClinicalTrials.gov suggests that only a few apps for high-burden neuropsychiatric conditions are being clinically evaluated in trials. ER  - 
Two-year clinical outcomes associated with robotic-assisted subthalamic lead implantation in patients with Parkinson’s disease$$$ Few centers have routinely implemented robotic stereotactic systems for deep brain stimulator (DBS) placement. The present study compares clinical outcomes associated with robotic-assisted subthalamic nucleus (STN)-targeted DBS surgery in patients with Parkinson’s disease (PD) to those of the traditional frame-based method. A retrospective chart review was performed (February 2013–June 2017). Thirty-three patients were implanted using the Cosman–Roberts–Wells (CRW) frame and 27 patients were implanted using the ROSA robot. Movement Disorder Society-Unified Parkinson’s Disease Rating Scale (MDS-UPDRS) or UPDRS part III motor scores and levodopa equivalent daily doses (LEDD) were examined preoperatively and at 6, 12, and 24 months of follow-up. Operative times and complication rates were recorded. For the frame-based group, the reduction in the mean MDS-UPDRS part III motor score compared to baseline was 27% both at 6 and 12 months, and 36.7% at 24 months. For the robotic-assisted group, the reduction in the mean motor score from baseline was 17.6% at 6 months, 19% at 12 months and 21.4% at 24 months. The mean LEDD for the frame-based group decreased by 48.7% at 6 months, 56.7% at 12 months, and 29.7% at 24 months. For the robotic-assisted group, the mean LEDD decreased by 42% at 6 months, 45% at 12 months and 50% at 24 months. There were no significant differences in the mean motor scores and the LEDD reduction between the two groups. Operative times tended to be longer for robotic-assisted DBS surgery. Clinical outcomes associated with robotic-assisted surgery are comparable to those with frame-based surgery. ER  - 
Association between prenatal exposure to a 1-month period of repeated rocket attacks and neuropsychiatric outcomes up through age 9: a retrospective cohort study$$$ Exposure to gestational stress is implicated in increased risk for neuropsychiatric disorders in offspring. We assessed association between prenatal exposure to a 1-month period of repeated rocket attacks during the 2006 Second Lebanon War in Northern Israel and emergence of childhood neuropsychiatric disorders from birth through 9 years of age. Children born to women who were pregnant during the war (N = 6999) were identified and compared to children in the same district born a year later (N = 7054), whose mothers were not exposed to rocket attacks during pregnancy. Multivariable regression models assessed risk for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, autism, epilepsy, depression and/or anxiety, or any of these disorders (composite outcome) in offspring. Models controlled for multiple confounders including parents' demographics, parity, maternal use of psychotropic medications during pregnancy, post-partum depression and parental psychiatric history. Results show that exposed and comparison groups did not differ with respect to demographics, parity or psychiatric history. Exposed and comparison groups were similar with regard to gestational age and weight at birth. Multivariable models did not demonstrate an association between exposure to rocket attacks during pregnancy and neuropsychiatric outcomes by age 9. No interactions were found between exposure and gestational trimester at exposure or child’s sex. Our findings suggest that in utero exposure to isolated, 1-month repeated rocket attacks on a civilian population was not associated with major neuropsychiatric outcomes in children by age 9. Future studies should evaluate whether this exposure is associated with psychiatric and/or other health-related outcomes later in life. ER  - 
Cancer and end of life: the management provided during the year and the month preceding death in 2015 and causes of death in France$$$ Purpose: The management of cancer patients at the end of life in France and their causes of death are not well known. Methods: People managed for cancer in 2014–2015, who died in 2015 and who were covered by the national health insurance general scheme (77% of the French population) were selected from the national health data system in order to analyze the health care reimbursed during the year and the month before their death. Results: This study included 125,497 people (mean age 73 years, SD 12.5) managed for cancer: colorectal: 12%, lung: 18%, prostate: 9%, breast: 8% and other: 62%. Almost 67% of people died in short-stay hospitals (SSH), 8% died in rehabilitation units (Rehab), 4% died in hospital at home (HaH), 5% died in skilled nursing homes (SNH) and 15% died at home or another place. The mean annual duration of all types of hospitalization was 70 days (SD 66) and 59% of patients had received hospital palliative care (HPC). During the last month of life, 42% of people had attended an emergency department at least once and people who had received HPC were less often admitted to an intensive care unit (10% versus 23%, 15% overall). During the month before death, 17% of patients had received intravenous chemotherapy (lung 23%, breast 21%) and 9% had received a pharmacy reimbursement for another form of chemotherapy (prostate 24%, breast 19%). The main cause of death was a tumour for 81% of patients: after management of lung cancer in 91% of cases, breast cancer in 81% of cases, colorectal cancer in 76% of cases and prostate cancer in 63% of cases. Conclusions: Cancer management and death mostly occurred in SSH in France. Cancer patients frequently attend the emergency department and frequently receive chemotherapy during the last month of life. These data continue to contrast with those observed in Scandinavian- and English-speaking countries, in which management of the end of life at home is preferred. ER  - 
Medical comorbidities in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (functional seizures)$$$ Purpose: We investigated medical comorbidities in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). We hypothesized that these patients commonly have significant medical comorbidities. Methods: In this retrospective study, all patients with PNES, who were diagnosed at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center, Iran, from 2008 until 2019, were investigated. Age, gender, age at seizure onset, seizure semiology, and characteristics, known medical (organic) comorbidities reported by the patients and video-electroencephalography recordings of all patients were registered routinely. Results: During the study period, 272 patients with PNES-only had the inclusion criteria and were studied. Sixty-five patients (24%) reported having a medical (organic) comorbidity. The most commonly reported medical comorbidity was thyroid disorder. Age at onset (OR: 1.058; 95% CI: 1.026–1.090; p = 0.0001), duration of disease before the diagnosis (OR: 1.071; 95% CI: 1.025–1.119; p = 0.002), and sex (female) (OR: 1.97; 95% CI: 1.016–3.834; p = 0.04) were significantly associated with having medical comorbidities. Conclusion: While we did not have a control group to provide the number and type of medical problems that are expected in the general population, and therefore our results should be interpreted with caution, we had some intriguing observations. About one quarter of patients with PNES reported having medical comorbidities. The exact nature of the relationship between medical illnesses and PNES is not clear; however, hypothetically they could have a complex relationship. This study provides valuable information on the frequency and nature of medical comorbidities in patients with PNES and opens new horizons for future research. ER  - 
Co-activation of rhythms during alpha band oscillations as an interictal biomarker of exploding head syndrome$$$ Background: Exploding head syndrome is a rarely reported benign sensory parasomnia that may nonetheless have significant impact on patients’ quality of life and their perceived well-being. To date, the mechanisms underlying attacks, characterised by a painless perception of abrupt, loud noises at transitional sleep-wake or wake-sleep states, are by and large unclear. Methods and results: In order to address the current gap in the knowledge of potential underlying pathophysiology, a retrospective case-control study of polysomnographic recordings of patients presenting to a tertiary sleep disorders clinic with exploding head syndrome was conducted. Interictal (non-attack associated) electroencephalographic biomarkers were investigated by performing macrostructural and event-related dynamic spectral analyses of the whole-night EEG. In patients with exploding head syndrome, additional oscillatory activity was recorded during wakefulness and at sleep/wake periods. This activity differed in its frequency, topography and source from the alpha rhythm that it accompanied. Conclusion: Based on these preliminary findings, we hypothesise that at times of sleep-wake transition in patients with exploding head syndrome, aberrant attentional processing may lead to amplification and modulation of external sensory stimuli. ER  - 
Facial emotion recognition in children and adolescents with specific learning disorder$$$ (1) Background: Some recent studies suggest that children and adolescents with different neurodevelopmental disorders perform worse in emotions recognition through facial expressions (ER) compared with typically developing peers. This impairment is also described in children with Specific Learning Disorders (SLD), compromising their scholastic achievement, social functioning, and quality of life. The purpose of our study is to evaluate ER skills in children and adolescents with SLD compared to a control group without learning disorders, and correlate them with intelligence and executive functions. (2) Materials and Methods: Our work is a cross-sectional observational study. Sixty-three children and adolescents aged between 8 and 16 years, diagnosed with SLD, and 32 sex/age-matched controls without learning disorders were recruited. All participants were administered standardized neuropsychological tests, evaluating facial emotion recognition (NEPSY-II), executive functions (EpiTrack Junior), and intelligence profile (WISC-IV). (3) Results: Emotion recognition mean score was significantly lower in the SLD group than in the controls group on the Mann–Whitney U test for unpaired samples (p < 0.001). The SLD group performed significantly lower than the control group in their abilities to identify neutral expressions, happiness, sadness, anger, and fear compared to controls (p < 0.001). ER scores were positively correlated to the executive functions scores. There was no correlation with the Total Intelligence Quotient scores but there is a significant positive correlation with Working Memory Index and Processing Speed Index measured by WISC.IV. (4) Conclusions: Our study showed that children and adolescents with Specific Learning Disorders have facial emotion recognition impairment when compared with a group of peers without learning disorders. ER abilities were independent of their global intelligence but potentially related to executive functions. ER  - 
Factors associated with depression in people with epilepsy: A retrospective case-control analysis$$$ Purpose: This study investigated factors associated with depression in people with epilepsy. Methods: All adult patients attending our epilepsy clinic in 2018 were screened for inclusion in this study. Eligible patients were divided into case and control groups, depending on the presence of co-morbid depression. Depressive disorders were diagnosed by a psychiatrist. Demographics and clinical characteristics, including epilepsy features and antiepileptic drug use, were compared between groups. The factors contributing to onset of depression after diagnosis of epilepsy were further analysed by binomial logistic regression. Statistical significance was set at P<0.05. Results: Forty four patients with epilepsy who had depression and 514 patients with epilepsy who did not have depression were included in this study (occurrence rate=7.9%). Female sex (P=0.005), older age (P<0.001), temporal lobe epilepsy (P=0.01), and higher number of antiepileptic drugs used (P=0.003) were associated with depression in patients with epilepsy. No differences were observed in other epilepsy-related factors including aetiology, seizure type, and laterality of epileptic focus. Binomial. logistic regression showed that female sex (P=0.01; odds ratio [OR]=3.56), drug-resistant epilepsy (P<0.001; OR=4.79), and clonazepam use (P<0.001; OR=14.41) were significantly positively associated with risk of depression after epilepsy diagnosis, whereas valproate use (P=0.03; OR=0.37) was significantly negatively associated with risk of depression. Conclusion: Female sex, refractoriness, and clonazepam use may be risk factors for depression after epilepsy diagnosis. Valproate may protect against depression in people with epilepsy. Better understanding of clinical features may aid in medical management or research studies regarding co-morbid depression in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Increased Oxidative Stress Toxicity and Lowered Antioxidant Defenses in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and Mesial Temporal Sclerosis: Associations with Psychiatric Comorbidities$$$ Oxidative stress toxicity (OSTOX), as well as lowered antioxidant defenses (ANTIOX), plays a role in temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Nevertheless, the associations between OSTOX/ANTIOX and psychiatric comorbidities in TLE are largely unknown. Thus, this study examines plasma malondialdehyde (MDA), lipid hydroperoxides (LOOH), advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP), nitric oxide metabolites (NOx), total radical-trapping antioxidant parameter (TRAP), and sulfhydryl (-SH) groups in depression due to TLE (n = 25); anxiety disorders due to TLE (n = 27); psychotic disorder due to TLE (n = 25); “pure TLE” (n = 27); and healthy controls (n = 40). TLE and mesial temporal sclerosis (MTS) were characterized by significant increases in OSTOX (MDA, AOPP, LOOH) and lowered ANTIOX (-SH groups, TRAP). The discrimination of pure TLE from controls yielded a significant area under the ROC curve for MDA (0.999), AOPP (0.851), -SH groups (0.899), and the OSTOX/ANTIOX ratio (0.996). Seizure frequency is significantly associated with increased MDA and lowered LOOH and NOx levels. Increased MDA was associated with the severity of depressive and physiosomatic symptoms, while increased AOPP levels predicted suicidal ideation. Depression and anxiety disorders co-occurring with TLE showed significantly lower MDA levels than TLE without any comorbidities. The psychotic and negative symptoms of TLE are associated with increased MDA levels and excitation with increased LOOH and lowered TRAP levels. These results indicate that oxidative stress toxicity especially protein oxidation and aldehyde formation coupled with lowered -SH groups plays a key role in the pathophysiology of TLE/MTS. Increased aldehyde formation also impacts psychopathology and psychosis, as well as negative and depressive symptoms. ER  - 
Reduced expression of the glucocorticoid receptor in the hippocampus of patients with drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy and comorbid depression$$$ Objective: Depressive disorders are common among about 50% of the patients with drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). The underlying etiology remains elusive, but hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activation due to changes in glucocorticoid receptor (GR) protein expression could play an important role. Therefore, we set out to investigate expression of the GR in the hippocampus, an important brain region for HPA axis feedback, of patients with drug-resistant TLE, with and without comorbid depression. Methods: GR expression was studied using immunohistochemistry on hippocampal sections from well-characterized TLE patients with depression (TLE + D, n = 14) and without depression (TLE − D, n = 12) who underwent surgery for drug-resistant epilepsy, as well as on hippocampal sections from autopsy control cases (n = 9). Video–electroencephalography (EEG), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and psychiatric and memory assessments were performed prior to surgery. Results: Abundant GR immunoreactivity was present in dentate gyrus granule cells and CA1 pyramidal cells of controls. In contrast, neuronal GR expression was lower in patients with TLE, particularly in the TLE + D group. Quantitative analysis showed a smaller GR+ area in TLE + D as compared to TLE − D patients and controls. Furthermore, the ratio between the number of GR+/NeuN+ cells was lower in patients with TLE + D as compared to TLE − D and correlated negatively with the depression severity based on psychiatric history. The expression of the GR was also lower in glial cells of TLE + D compared to TLE − D patients and correlated negatively to the severity of depression. Significance: Reduced hippocampal GR expression may be involved in the etiology of depression in patients with TLE and could constitute a biological marker of depression in these patients. ER  - 
Quantifying the burden of generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Objective: Compared to other seizure types, generalized tonic-clonic (GTC) seizures may be disproportionately related to increased morbidity, and reducing seizure frequency could translate into improvements across measures of morbidity in medically treated patients with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE). The primary objective of this analysis was to quantify the burden of patients with DRE who experience GTC seizures (GTC+) compared to patients with DRE who do not experience GTC seizures (GTC−). Methods: Adult patients from the Cleveland Clinic Epilepsy Center-Neurological Institute from 2012-2016 with DRE with epilepsy for at least 1 year were eligible for inclusion and were divided into GTC ± groups based on whether the patient had experienced a GTC seizure in the year preceding the first visit. Epilepsy duration, comorbidities, antiepileptic drug use, patient-reported outcomes (PROs) and seizure type, frequency, and etiology were captured. Generalized linear models, negative binomial regression, logistic regression, and linear regression were used as appropriate for multivariate analyses. Results: A total of 379 patients met inclusion criteria and had data at 1-year follow-up after their baseline visit (192 GTC+ and 187 GTC−). Although DRE patients experiencing GTC seizures had fewer seizures per day over the preceding 6 months than those not experiencing GTC seizures, seizure severity and levels of depression and anxiety were greater. GTC+ patients who reported five or more seizures in the preceding 4 weeks had 82% lower odds (1−0.18 = 0.82) of working than patients with no seizures. Significance: Patients with DRE experience a significant burden and decreased quality of life. Multivariate analysis is necessary to understand the complex relationship between seizure type, frequency, and impact on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and changes over time. Effective treatments to reduce the burden for DRE patients who experience GTC seizures continue to be needed. ER  - 
Human Fetal Cell Therapy in Huntington's Disease: A Randomized, Multicenter, Phase II Trial$$$ Background: Huntington's disease is a rare, severe, inherited neurodegenerative disease in which we assessed the safety and efficacy of grafting human fetal ganglionic eminence intrastriatally. Methods: Patients at the early stage of the disease were enrolled in the Multicentric Intracerebral Grafting in Huntington's Disease trial, a delayed-start phase II randomized study. After a run-in period of 12 months, patients were randomized at month 12 to either the treatment group (transplanted at month 13–month 14) or the control group and secondarily treated 20 months later (month 33–month 34). The primary outcome was total motor score compared between both groups 20 months postrandomization (month 32). Secondary outcomes included clinical, imaging, and electrophysiological findings and a comparison of pregraft and postgraft total motor score slopes during the entire study period (month 0–month 52) regardless of the time of transplant. Results: Of 54 randomized patients, 45 were transplanted; 26 immediately (treatment) and 19 delayed (control). Mean total motor score at month 32 did not differ between groups (treated controls difference in means adjusted for M12: +2.9 [95% confidence interval, −2.8 to 8.6]; P = 0.31). Its rate of decline after transplantation was similar to that before transplantation. A total of 27 severe adverse events were recorded in the randomized patients, 10 of which were related to the transplant procedure. Improvement of procedures during the trial significantly decreased the frequency of surgical events.We found antihuman leucocytes antigen antibodies in 40% of the patients. Conclusion: No clinical benefit was found in this trial. This may have been related to graft rejection. Ectopia and high track number negatively influence the graft outcome. Procedural adjustments substantially improved surgical safety. (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00190450.) © 2020 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society. ER  - 
Correlates of depression and quality of life among patients with epilepsy in Nigeria$$$ Objectives: To determine the prevalence of Major Depressive Disorders (MDD) and its relationship to Quality of life. Design: A cross-sectional observational study. Setting: Out-Patient Clinic of the Neuropsychiatric Hospital, Abeokuta, Nigeria. Subjects: Patients with diagnosis of Epilepsy with Electroencephalogram (EEG) confirmation. Outcome measures: Depression and Quality of life. Results: The prevalence of current MDD was 11.9 %, and patients having at least 1 seizure per week were 5 times more likely to develop MDD (OR = 5.104, p = 0.014). The mean (SD) QOLIE-31 scores was 77.98 (13.32), with presence of MDD (β = -11.101, p = 0.0001); having at least 1 seizure/week (β = -6.653, p = 0.037) being independent predictors. Conclusion: Depression is a common comorbidity in patients with epilepsy and is associated with a lower quality of life. ER  - 
Retraining and control therapy for pediatric psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Objective: Our aim was to conduct a pilot randomized controlled trial of a novel cognitive behaviorally based intervention for pediatric PNES called Retraining and Control Therapy (ReACT). Methods: Participants were randomized to receive either eight sessions of ReACT or supportive therapy, and participants completed follow-up visits at 7- and 60-days posttreatment. The primary outcome measure was PNES frequency at 7-days posttreatment. Eligibility criteria included children with video-EEG confirmed PNES and participant/parent or guardian willingness to participate in treatment. Exclusion criteria included substance use, psychosis, and severe intellectual disability. Forty-two patients were assessed for eligibility and 32 were randomized. ReACT aimed to retrain classically conditioned, involuntary PNES by targeting catastrophic symptom expectations and a low sense of control over symptoms using principles of habit reversal. Supportive therapy was based on the assumption that relief from stress or problems can be achieved by discussion with a therapist. Results: Twenty-nine participants (Mage = 15.1 years, SDage = 2.5; 72.2% female; 57.1% Caucasian, 28.6% African American) completed 7-days postprocedures. For PNES frequency, the Wilcoxon Rank Sum test statistic was 273.5 yielding a normal approximation of Z = 4.725 (P < 0.0001), indicating a significant improvement in PNES frequency for ReACT at 7-days posttreatment compared to supportive therapy. Participants with PNES in the 7-days posttreatment were removed from the study for additional treatment, resulting in no 60-day follow-up data for supportive therapy. Interpretation: ReACT resulted in significantly greater PNES reduction than supportive therapy, with 100% of patients experiencing no PNES in 7 days after ReACT. Additionally, 82% remained PNES-free for 60 days after ReACT. ER  - 
Intramuscular Versus Buccal Midazolam for Pediatric Seizures: A Randomized Double-Blinded Trial$$$ Background: We compared the efficacy and safety of intramuscular with buccal midazolam as first-line treatment for active seizures in children brought to the emergency department. Methods: In a double-blind, double-dummy randomized trial, patients with an active seizure lasting more than five minutes received blinded treatments on arrival. We employed deferred consent. The proportion of patients with cessation of seizure within five minutes of drug administration was the primary efficacy outcome; proportions needing additional medication to control seizure, duration of seizure activity, and side effects were secondary outcomes. Results: We enrolled 150 children presenting with active seizure, age range 4.5 to 167.5 months. Cessation of seizure occurred in 61% of the intramuscular and 46% of the buccal treatment groups, (P = 0.07, difference 15.5%, 95% confidence interval for the difference −1.0 to 32.0%). Proportions requiring additional anti-seizure treatment were 39% in the intramuscular and 51% in the buccal groups. Mean duration of seizure activity after administration of study medication was 15.9 minutes (S.D. 28.7) in the intramuscular and 17.8 minutes (S.D. 27.5) in the buccal group. One patient in the intramuscular group developed respiratory depression and hypotension; there were no side effects attributed to investigational treatment in the buccal group. Conclusions: Efficacy and safety of intramuscular midazolam as first-line treatment for pediatric seizures compare favorably to that of buccal midazolam. ER  - 
Stereotactic MRI-guided laser interstitial thermal therapy for extratemporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Objective: Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)–guided laser interstitial thermal therapy (MRg-LITT) is an alternative to open epilepsy surgery. We assess safety and effectiveness of MRg-LITT for extratemporal lobe epilepsy (ETLE) in patients who are considered less favorable for open resection. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed sequential cases of patients with focal ETLE who underwent MRg-LITT between 2012 and 2019. Epileptogenic zones were determined from standard clinical and imaging data ± stereoelectroencephalography (SEEG). Standard stereotactic techniques, MRI thermometry, and a commercial laser thermal therapy system were used for ablations. Anatomic MRI was used to calculate ablation volumes. Clinical outcomes were determined longitudinally. Results: Thirty-five patients with mean epilepsy duration of 21.3 ± 12.2 years underwent MRg-LITT for focal ETLE at a mean age 36.4 ± 12.7 years. A mean 2.59 ± 1.45 trajectories per patient were used to obtain ablation volumes of 8.8 ± 7.5 cm3. Mean follow-up was 27.3 ± 19.5 months. Of 32 patients with >12 months of follow-up, 17 (53%) achieved good outcomes (Engel class I + II) of whom 14 (44%) were Engel class I. Subgroup analysis revealed better outcomes for patients with lesional ETLE than for those who were nonlesional, multifocal, or who had failed prior interventions (P =.02). Of 13 patients showing favorable seizure-onset patterns (localized low voltage fast activity or rhythmic spiking on SEEG) prior to ablation, 9 (69%) achieved good outcomes, whereas only 3 of 11 (27%) who show other slower onset patterns achieved good outcomes. Minor adverse events included six patients with transient sensorimotor neurologic deficits and four patients with asymptomatic hemorrhages along the fiber tract. Major adverse events included one patient with a brain abscess that required stereotactic drainage and one patient with persistent hypothalamic obesity. Three deaths—two seizure-associated and one suicide—were unrelated to surgical procedures. Significance: MRI-guided laser interstitial thermal therapy (or MRg-LITT) was well-tolerated and yielded good outcomes in a heterogeneous group of ETLE patients. Lesional epilepsy and favorable seizure-onset patterns on SEEG predicted higher likelihoods of success. ER  - 
Course and impact of sleep disturbance in newly diagnosed epilepsy: A prospective registry study$$$ Objective: To determine the course of sleep distrurbance (insomnia symptoms and short sleep duration) after a diagnosis of epilepsy and their associations with seizure control, mood, disability, and quality of life. Patients and methods: One hundred and sixty-nine adults were drawn from the Sydney Epilepsy Incidence Study to Measure Illness Consequences (SEISMIC), a prospective, multicenter, community-wide study in Sydney, Australia. Socio-demographic, psychosocial, clinical characteristics, and information on sleep disturbance were obtained early (median 48 [IQR15-113] days) after a diagnosis of epilepsy, and at 12 months. Logistic regression models were used to determine associations between patterns of sleep disturbance with outcomes at 12 months. Results: Insomnia symptoms and/or short sleep duration were present in 18-23% of participants at both time points, with over half (54-61%) showing a chronic pattern. There was no association of sleep disturbance pattern with recurrent seizures, medication use or disability. Chronic insomnia symptoms and short sleep duration were strongly associated with worse mental health (aOR 3.76, 95% CI 1.28-11.06; and aOR 5.41, 95% CI 1.86-15.79) and poorer quality of life at 12 months (aOR 3.02, 95% CI 1.03-8.84; and aOR 3.11, 95% CI 1.10-8.82), after adjusting for clinical features of epilepsy and comorbidity. Those whose sleep disturbance remitted had no adverse outcomes. Conclusions: Insomnia symptoms and short sleep duration are less common in people with recently-diagnosed than chronic epilepsy. The temporal association with poor psycholosocial outcomes supports specific interventions addressing sleep disturbance. ER  - 
Report on a psychoeducational intervention for psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in Argentina$$$ Purpose: To examine the effects of a three-session psychoeducational intervention on patients diagnosed with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in an Argentinian public hospital. It was hypothesized that patients would experience improvements in their understanding of PNES, illness perception and affective scores, but might not necessarily experience a significant change in post-traumatic and dissociative symptoms and in seizure frequency. Methods: This study included 12 patients (10 women, 2 men) who were invited to participate in a psychoeducational group after receiving a V-EEG confirmed diagnosis of PNES. The group consisted of 3 sessions lasting 2 h each. Pre and post measures included Psychoeducational Intervention Questionnaire, State-Trait Anxiety Inventory, Beck Depression Inventory-II, Brief Illness Perception Questionnaire, Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Diagnostic Scale 5, Dissociative Experiences Scale (DES-M). Results: This psychoeducational intervention produced results that were similar to interventions reported in US and European studies with regard to changes on psychological measures. Moreover, many patients also reported (on the final day of the intervention) a decrease in seizure frequency. All patients reported that participating in the intervention was a positive experience. Also, all but one patient referred that the participation in the group would have a positive impact on their quality of life. Conclusions: Psychoeducational interventions appear to have had positive results in Argentinian patients with PNES. This is initial step in the design of empirically based psychoeducational/supportive initiatives for patients in South America. ER  - 
Inpatient addiction consultation and post-discharge 30-day acute care utilization$$$ Background: Addiction Consult Services care for hospitalized patients with substance use disorders (SUD), who frequently utilize costly medical services. This study evaluates whether an addiction consult is associated with 30-day acute care utilization. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study of 3905 inpatients with SUD. Acute care utilization was defined as any emergency department visit or re-hospitalization within 30 days of discharge. Inverse probability of treatment weighted generalized estimating equations logistic regression models were used to evaluate the relationship between receipt of an addiction consult and 30-day acute care utilization. Exploratory subgroup analyses were performed to describe whether this association differed by type of SUD and discharge on medication for addiction treatment. Results: The 30-day acute care utilization rate was 39.5 % among patients with a consult and 36.0 % among those without. Addiction consults were not significantly associated with care utilization (Adjusted Odds Ratio 1.02; 0.82, 1.28). No significant differences were detected in subgroup analyses; however, the decreased odds among patients with OUD given medication was clinically notable (AOR 0.69; 0.47, 1.02). Discussion: Repeat acute care utilization is common among hospitalized patients with SUD, particularly those seen by the addiction consult services. While this study did not detect a significant association between addiction consults and 30-day acute care utilization, this relationship merits further evaluation using prospective studies, controlling for key confounders and with a focus on the impact of medications for opioid use disorder. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic (functional) seizures: Significance of family history and model learning$$$ Purpose: If a positive family history of seizures plays a significant role that contributes to the risk for developing psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) by means of model learning, one would expect that patients with PNES with a family history of seizures show a different semiology than those without such a history. We investigated whether the above hypothesis is valid. Methods: In this retrospective study, all patients with PNES, who were diagnosed at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Iran, from 2008 until 2019, were investigated. Demographic and clinical characteristics were compared between patients with a positive family history of seizures and those without such a history Results: During the study period, 274 patients with PNES-only had the inclusion criteria. Seventy-seven (28%) patients had a positive family history of seizures and 197 (72%) patients did not have such a history. There were no significant demographic or clinical differences between the two groups. Conclusion: It seems that a positive family history of seizures and model learning does not play a significant role in the development of PNES. Investigators should explore other potentially significant contributors and risk factors for developing PNES in future studies. ER  - 
Clinical factors associated with suicide risk independent of depression in persons with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We determined whether factors related to epilepsy are associated with a risk of suicide independent of depression in persons with epilepsy. Method: This cross-sectional study included adults with epilepsy. Suicidality and depression were assessed with the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI). Patients were divided into two age groups (≤ 40 vs. > 40 years). Presence of suicide risk was defined as a MINI suicidality score ≥ 1. A stepwise logistic regression analysis was conducted. Results: A total of 212 participants were recruited (52.4 % men). Suicide risk and depression were noted in 31.6 % and 22.2 % of participants, respectively. An antiepileptic drug load ≥ 1 (odds ratio [OR], 4.093–4.152) was significantly associated with a risk of suicide, independent of depression (OR, 5.794), and a past or family history of psychiatric disorders (OR, 2.677). When stratified by age, pregabalin usage (OR, 13.403) in the younger group and high seizure frequency (≥ 1 per month) (OR, 5.748) in the older group were associated with a risk of suicide independent of current depression. Conclusion: The risk of suicide in persons with epilepsy may be associated with epilepsy-related factors such as a high antiepileptic drug load, frequent seizures, and use of pregabalin, independent of depression. Such risk factors may vary depending on the age of the patient. ER  - 
Sensitivity and specificity of induction of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in children and adolescents$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to investigate the sensitivity and specificity of a standardized placebo protocol using a moist swab pad application in children and adolescents with psychogenic seizures vs epileptic seizures. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed clinical data and video-EEG monitoring records with the standardized placebo protocol of 408 patients. Video -EEG diagnosis with PNES-consistent semiology was made in the context of clinical data by a two-certified epileptologist. Results of induction of psychogenic seizure by moist swab pad application were analyzed in 158 patients with PNES. A control group was composed of 74 patients with epilepsy in which induction was performed. Results: Sensitivity of placebo test for the diagnosis of PNES was 81.1%, specificity 79.8%, positive predictive value 89.6% and negative predictive value 66.3%. Conclusion: The placebo technique with a moist swab can be regarded as helpful in triggering a psychogenic episode in children and adolescents. ER  - 
Adjunctive perampanel and myoclonic and absence seizures: Post hoc analysis of data from study 332 in patients with idiopathic generalized epilepsy$$$ Purpose: This post hoc analysis assessed the effects of adjunctive perampanel on myoclonic and absence seizure outcomes in patients (aged ≥12 years) with idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE) and generalized tonic-clonic seizures during the double-blind (up to 8 mg/day) and open-label extension (OLEx; up to 12 mg/day) phases of Study 332. Methods: Patients experiencing myoclonic and/or absence seizures during study baseline were included. Assessments for myoclonic and absence seizures included: median percent change in seizure frequency, number of seizure days and seizure-free days (all per 28 days), 50 % and 75 % responder rates, seizure-freedom rates, seizure worsening, and monitoring of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Results: During the double-blind phase, myoclonic and/or absence seizures were reported in 47/163 and 60/163 patients, respectively. Median percent reductions in seizure frequency per 28 days from study baseline were 52.5% and 24.5% (myoclonic seizures) and 7.6 % and 41.2 % (absence seizures) for placebo and perampanel, respectively; seizure-freedom rates were 13.0 % and 16.7 % (myoclonic seizures) and 12.1 % and 22.2 % (absence seizures), respectively. During the OLEx phase, 46/138 and 52/138 patients experienced myoclonic and/or absence seizures, respectively. Responses during the double-blind phase were maintained during long-term (>104 weeks) adjunctive perampanel treatment. The frequency/type of TEAEs was consistent with the known safety profile of perampanel. Conclusion: In this post hoc analysis, adjunctive perampanel was not associated with any overall worsening of absence seizures. Further research is needed to investigate the effect of adjunctive perampanel in IGE patients with myoclonic and/or absence seizures. ER  - 
Adherence to mental health care and caregiver-patient relationship after diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: Longitudinal follow-up study$$$ Purpose: This study aimed to describe the quality of adherence to mental health care follow-up and the mental health caregiver-patient relationship after diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: We conducted an ancillary study of a multicenter prospective study. Patients (n = 108) received a standardized diagnostic explanation of PNES following video-EEG. They were referred to their community mental health centers or to a private psychiatrist/psychologist, who received written information about PNES and the study. Data collected about adherence to care (follow-up started or not, consensual and those who withdrew non-consensually, ongoing follow-up) were cross-tabulated from patients and care structures by telephone at 6, 12, 18 and 24 months after diagnosis. At M24, we collected reasons for stopping follow-up by phone using a predefined 9-item questionnaire. We also assessed the perception of the caregiver-patient relationship among patients who started follow-up and their mental health caregivers with a simple questionnaire based on five dimensions: feeling comfortable, continuity of care, content of therapy sessions, effectiveness of therapy sessions, and the patient's overall assessment of the follow-up. Results: From M6 to M24, ongoing follow-up decreased from 64.8 to 25.8%, while the “not following initial recommandations” group of patients (those who never started follow-up and those who withdrew non-consensually) increased from 35.2 to 64.9%. We found two main reasons for stopping follow-up: lack of interest and feeling better. Adherent patients had an overall more positive view of their therapy than caregivers. Conclusion: Only a third of PNES patients adhered to a mental health care program and felt comfortable in the caregiver-patient relationship. Solutions need to be found to help patients understand the interest of follow-up therapy and help mental health caregivers improve their feeling of competence. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of fluoxetine on functional recovery after acute stroke (EFFECTS): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Studies have suggested that fluoxetine could improve neurological recovery after stroke. The Efficacy oF Fluoxetine—a randomisEd Controlled Trial in Stroke (EFFECTS) trial aimed to assess whether administration of oral fluoxetine for 6 months after acute stroke improves functional outcome. Methods: EFFECTS was an investigator-led, multicentre, randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel group trial that enrolled patients aged 18 years or older between 2 and 15 days after stroke onset in 35 stroke and rehabilitation centres in Sweden. Eligible patients had a clinical diagnosis of ischaemic or intracerebral haemorrhage, brain imaging that was consistent with intracerebral haemorrhage or ischaemic stroke, and had at least one persisting focal neurological deficit. A web-based randomisation system that incorporated a minimisation algorithm was used to randomly assign (1:1) participants to receive oral fluoxetine 20 mg once daily or matching placebo capsules for 6 months. Patients, care providers, investigators, and outcomes assessors were masked to the allocation. The primary outcome was functional status, measured with the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) at 6 months, analysed in all patients with available mRS data at the 6-month follow-up; we did an ordinal analysis adjusted for the minimisation variables used in the randomisation. This trial is registered with EudraCT, 2011-006130-16; ISRCTN, 13020412; and ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02683213. Findings: Between Oct 20, 2014, and June 28, 2019, 1500 patients were enrolled, of whom 750 were randomly assigned to fluoxetine and 750 were randomly assigned to placebo. At 6 months, mRS data were available for 737 (98%) patients in the fluoxetine group and 742 (99%) patients in the placebo group. There was no effect of fluoxetine on the primary outcome—distribution across mRS score categories—compared with placebo (adjusted common odds ratio 0·94 [95% CI 0·78 to 1·13]; p=0·42). The proportion of patients with a new diagnosis of depression was lower with fluoxetine than with placebo (54 [7%] patients vs 81 [11%] patients; difference −3·60% [–6·49 to −0·71]; p=0·015), but fluoxetine was associated with more bone fractures (28 [4%] vs 11 [2%]; difference 2·27% [0·66 to 3·87]; p=0·0058) and hyponatraemia (11 [1%] vs one [<1%]; difference 1·33% [0·43 to 2·23]; p=0·0038) at 6 months. Interpretation: Functional outcome after acute stroke did not improve with oral fluoxetine 20 mg once daily for 6 months. Fluoxetine reduced the occurrence of depression but increased the risk of bone fractures and hyponatraemia. Our results do not support the use of fluoxetine after acute stroke. Funding: The Swedish Research Council, the Swedish Heart-Lung Foundation, the Swedish Brain Foundation, the Swedish Society of Medicine, King Gustav V and Queen Victoria's Foundation of Freemasons, and the Swedish Stroke Association (STROKE-Riksförbundet). ER  - 
VLDL-specific increases of fatty acids in autism spectrum disorder correlate with social interaction$$$ Background: Abnormalities of lipid metabolism contributing to the autism spectrum disorder (ASD) pathogenesis have been suggested, but the mechanisms are not fully understood. We aimed to characterize the lipid metabolism in ASD and to explore a biomarker for clinical evaluation. Methods: An age-matched case-control study was designed. Lipidomics was conducted using the plasma samples from 30 children with ASD compared to 30 typical developmental control (TD) children. Large-scale lipoprotein analyses were also conducted using the serum samples from 152 children with ASD compared to 122 TD children. Data comparing ASD to TD subjects were evaluated using univariate (Mann-Whitney test) and multivariate analyses (conditional logistic regression analysis) for main analyses using cofounders (diagnosis, sex, age, height, weight, and BMI), Spearman rank correlation coefficient, and discriminant analyses. Findings: Forty-eight significant metabolites involved in lipid biosynthesis and metabolism, oxidative stress, and synaptic function were identified in the plasma of ASD children by lipidomics. Among these, increased fatty acids (FAs), such as omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6 (n-6), showed correlations with clinical social interaction score and ASD diagnosis. Specific reductions of very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and apoprotein B (APOB) in serum of ASD children also were found by large-scale lipoprotein analysis. VLDL-specific reduction in ASD was correlated with APOB, indicating VLDL-specific dyslipidaemia associated with APOB in ASD children. Interpretation: Our results demonstrated that the increases in FAs correlated positively with social interaction are due to VLDL-specific degradation, providing novel insights into the lipid metabolism underlying ASD pathophysiology. Funding: This study was supported mainly by MEXT, Japan. ER  - 
Initial Results from a Pilot Comparative Effectiveness Study of 3 Methotrexate-based Consensus Treatment Plans for Juvenile Localized Scleroderma$$$ Objective. To perform a comparative effectiveness feasibility study in juvenile localized scleroderma (LS), using standardized treatment regimens (consensus treatment plans; CTP). Methods. A prospective, multicenter 1-year pilot observational cohort study was performed by Childhood Arthritis and Rheumatology Research Alliance (CARRA) LS workgroup members. Patients with active, moderate to severe juvenile LS were treated with one of 3 CTP: methotrexate alone, or in combination with intravenous (30 mg/kg/dose for 3 mos) or oral corticosteroids (2 mg/kg/ day tapered by 48 weeks). Results. Fifty patients, with demographics typical for juvenile LS, were enrolled, and 44 (88%) completed the study. Most had extracutaneous involvement. Patients improved in all 3 CTP, with > 75% having a major or moderate level of improvement compared to baseline. Damage accrued in some patients. Major deviations from prescribed regimen resulted from medication intolerance (n = 6; 14%) or treatment failure (n = 11; 25%); failures occurred in all 3 CTP. Significant responses to treatment were demonstrated by LS skin scoring measures and overall physician assessments, with differences in response level identified in some patient subsets. Response differences were associated with baseline disease activity level, LS subtype, skin disease extent, and extracutaneous involvement. Conclusion. This study demonstrates the feasibility of conducting juvenile LS comparative effectiveness studies. The CTP were found to be safe, effective, and tolerable. Our assessments performed well. Because damage is common and may progress despite effective control of activity, we recommend initial treatment efficacy be evaluated primarily by activity measures. Potential confounders for response were identified that warrant further study. ER  - 
Evaluation of proactive community case detection to increase help seeking for mental health care: A pragmatic randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: The Community Informant Detection Tool (CIDT) is a vignette- and picture-based method of proactive case detection to promote help seeking for persons with depression, psychosis, alcohol use disorder, and epilepsy. The authors evaluated the effectiveness of the CIDT to increase help-seeking behavior in rural Nepal, where a district mental health care plan was being implemented. Methods: Twenty-four health facilitieswere randomly assigned to one of two methods for training their all-female cadre of community health volunteers: standard training or standard training that included the CIDT. The authors compared the number of patients with depression, psychosis, alcohol use disorder, and epilepsy who were registered in the routine health information system prior to and 6 months after the training. Results: At health facilities where volunteers received CIDT training, 309 patients were registered as having depression, psychosis, alcohol use disorder, or epilepsy, compared with 182 patients at facilities where volunteers received standard training. The median number of patients registered was 47% greater at facilities where CIDT training was included (24 patients) than at facilities with standard training (16 patients) (p=0.04, r=0.42). The difference in the number of registered patients remained significant when the analysis factored in the population catchment (N=18 patients [CIDT] versus N=14 [standard] per 10,000 population; p=0.05, r=0.40). Conclusions: The median number of patients registered as having a mental illness was 47% greater at primary care facilities in which community health volunteers used the CIDT than at facilities where volunteers received standard training. Proactive case finding holds promise for increasing help seeking for mental health care. ER  - 
The effect of adding dexmedetomidine on change in heart rate and blood pressure after induction of anesthesia with thiopental sodium in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ A randomized clinical trial study; Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an appropriate way in treatment of major depression. ECT is usually associated with acute hyperdynamic responses. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of dexmedetomidine on changes in heart rate and blood pressure after induction of anesthesia with thiopental sodium in children treated with ECT. Methods: In this study, 60 children who were candidates for ECT were randomly divided into two groups, who received dexmedetomidine (2 μg/kg) or normal salin 0.9% (1 mg) before ECT. Hemodynamic changes were recorded at 1, 3, 5, and 10 minutes after intubation. Findings: After intervention, the incidence of alteration in arterial oxygen saturation, tachycardia and bradycardia, any change in blood pressure, and heart rate was not significantly different between two groups. The mean duration of induced seizure was not significantly different between the two groups, but return of breathing and recovery time were significantly higher in the intervention group (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Administration of 2 μg/kg dexmedetomidine in children receiving ECT did not significantly alter hemodynamic parameters such as arterial oxygen saturation, blood pressure, heart rate, and complications in comparison with controls; hence it increased return of breathing and recovery time compared to control group. ER  - 
Characterizing outpatient problem list completeness and duplications in the electronic health record$$$ Objective: The study sought to characterize rates of problem list completeness and duplications in common chronic diseases and to identify any relationships that they may have with respect to disease type, demographics, and disease severity. Materials and Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of electronic health record data from Partners HealthCare. We selected 8 common chronic diseases and identified patients with each of those diseases. We then analyzed each patient’s problem list for completeness and duplications and also collected information regarding demographics and disease severity. Rates of completeness and duplications were calculated for each disease and compared according to disease type, demographics, and disease severity. Results: A total of 327 695 unique patients and 383 404 problem list entries were identified. Problem list completeness varied from 72.9% in hypertension to 93.5% in asthma, whereas problem list duplications varied from 4.8% in hypertension to 28.2% in diabetes. There was a variable relationship between demographic factors and rates of completeness and duplication. Rates of completeness were positively correlated with disease severity for most diseases. Rates of duplication were consistently positively correlated with disease severity. Conclusions: Incompleteness and duplications are both important issues in problem lists. These issues vary widely across different diseases and can also be impacted by patient demographics and disease severity. Further studies are needed to investigate the effect of individual user behaviors and organizational policies on problem list utilization, which will aid the development of interventions that improve the utility of problem lists. ER  - 
Preferences for and experiences with pill appearance changes: National surveys of patients and pharmacists$$$ OBJECTIVES: To better understand patients' and pharmacists' preferences for and experiences with changes in pill appearance (size, shape, color, and markings). STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional. METHODS: We conducted independent national surveys of patients 50 years and older taking generic drugs for depression, diabetes, epilepsy, HIV, hyperlipidemia, or hypertension and of licensed pharmacists practicing in chain, franchise, or independent pharmacies. Responses were collected between January and April 2016. RESULTS: Of 1000 patient respondents (30% response rate), most reported experiencing changes in pill appearance (51%) and preferred to be notified about them (82%), but less than half recalled being notified (verbally: 36%; via sticker: 45%). Among patients who reported experiencing a change, 12% reported stopping their medication or using it less frequently. Of 710 pharmacist respondents (33% response rate), many reported changes in pill appearance occurring frequently in their pharmacies (47% reported that changes occurred 6 or more times per month) and more than three-fourths reported notifying patients about them often (verbally: 88%; via sticker: 77%). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings reveal opportunities to improve patients' experiences with pill appearance changes through better notification practices and patient education. ER  - 
Effect of Gastric Bypass vs Best Medical Treatment on Early-Stage Chronic Kidney Disease in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes and Obesity: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Early-stage chronic kidney disease (CKD) characterized by microalbuminuria is associated with future cardiovascular events, progression toward end-stage renal disease, and early mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. Objective: To compare the albuminuria-lowering effects of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) surgery vs best medical treatment in patients with early-stage CKD, type 2 diabetes, and obesity. Design, Setting, and Participants: For this randomized clinical trial, patients with established type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria were recruited from a single center from April 1, 2013, through March 31, 2016, with a 5-year follow-up, including prespecified intermediate analysis at 24-month follow-up. Intervention: A total of 100 patients with type 2 diabetes, obesity (body mass indexes of 30 to 35 [calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared]), and stage G1 to G3 and A2 to A3 CKD (urinary albumin-creatinine ratio [uACR] >30 mg/g and estimated glomerular filtration rate >30 mL/min) were randomized 1:1 to receive best medical treatment (n = 49) or RYGB (n = 51). Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was remission of albuminuria (uACR <30 mg/g). Secondary outcomes were CKD remission rate, absolute change in uACR, metabolic control, other microvascular complications, quality of life, and safety. Results: A total of 100 patients (mean [SD] age, 51.4 [7.6] years; 55 [55%] male) were randomized: 51 to RYGB and 49 to best medical care. Remission of albuminuria occurred in 55% of patients (95% CI, 39%-70%) after best medical treatment and 82% of patients (95% CI, 72%-93%) after RYGB (P =.006), resulting in CKD remission rates of 48% (95% CI, 32%-64%) after best medical treatment and 82% (95% CI, 72%-92%) after RYGB (P =.002). The geometric mean uACRs were 55% lower after RYGB (10.7 mg/g of creatinine) than after best medical treatment (23.6 mg/g of creatinine) (P <.001). No difference in the rate of serious adverse events was observed. Conclusions and Relevance: After 24 months, RYGB was more effective than best medical treatment for achieving remission of albuminuria and stage G1 to G3 and A2 to A3 CKD in patients with type 2 diabetes and obesity. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01821508. ER  - 
Effect of adding dexmedetomidine or remifentanil to thiopental in patients with mood disorder candidate for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the appropriate treatments for many neuropsychiatric patients, especially those with mood disorders. Short-term complications of ECT include agitation and postictal. In this study, we compared the addition of dexmedetomidine or remifentanil to thiopental as the main anaesthetic used in ECT. In this double-blind randomised clinical trial, 90 patients with mood disorders (candidates for ECT) were divided into two groups based on their therapy: dexmedetomidine or remifentanil. In the first group (DG), patients were slowly injected intravenously with 0.5 μg/kg dexmedetomidine before induction of anesthesia. In the second group (GR), 100 μg of remifentanil was slowly injected intravenously.In addition, we collected demographic information such as respiratory rate, heart pulse rate, seizure time, mean of arterial blood pressure, recovery duration and the oxygen arterial saturation recorded after recovery. Data obtained were analysed by use of statistical software, SPSS-23. The mean age of both groups was approximately 37 years with the majority being men. There was no significant difference between the two groups in terms of age and sex, blood pressure, heart rate, duration of seizures and arterial oxygen saturation before ECT. The mean blood pressure and heart rate in the recovery group were lower in the dexmedetomidine group than in the remifentanil group and the hemodynamics in the dexmedetomidine group were more stable. The recovery time in the dexmedetomidine group was longer than that of the remifentanil group (p = 0.001). Both groups had approximately the same satisfaction and the rate of agitation after ECT was the same. Both remifentanil and dexmedetomidine as adjuvants lead to a decrease in patients' post-ECT hyperdynamic responses. In our study, we demonstrated that the effect of dexmedetomidine is greater than remifentanil. On the other hand, neither dexmedetomidine nor remifentanil had a negative effect on seizure duration, but dexmedetomidine significantly prolonged recovery time, when compared to remifentanil. ER  - 
Determinants of therapy access for us school-aged children with developmental disabilities$$$ Research Objective: Developmental disabilities (DDs) affect the health of many children nationwide. Access to therapy services (e.g., speech and language therapy, occupational therapy) for children with DDs can help to optimize their health across the lifespan. Policy initiatives such as state Medicaid Home and Community Based Services (HCBS) waivers intended to improve therapy access for school-aged children with DDs may benefit from increased knowledge of therapy access state variation and determinants. This study aimed to (1) determine whether significant state variation in therapy access exists and (2) examine associations of child, parent or family, neighborhood, healthcare, and state determinants with therapy access among US school-aged children with DDs. Study Design: This was a secondary analysis of individual level data from the 2016 and 2017 National Survey of Children's Health and state level data from the 2016 American Community Survey, 2016 Health Resources and Services Administration, 2015-16 Office of Special Education Programs, and 2016 Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. The dependent variable was if the child was currently accessing therapy services to meet his/her developmental needs. Independent variables examined included characteristics of the child (e.g., age), parent or family (e.g., income), neighborhood (e.g., neighborhood amenities), healthcare (e.g., medical home), and state factors (e.g., number of state HCBS waivers targeting children with DDs). We fit weighted multilevel regression models to examine therapy access variation and determinants across states. Population Studied: The sample included 9,984 US children ages 6-17 years with ADHD, learning disability, developmental delay, speech and language disorder, ASD, blindness, deafness, intellectual disability, epilepsy, cerebral palsy, Tourette syndrome, and/or down syndrome. The sample represented 19% of the US child population ages 6-17 years. Principal Findings: Overall, 34.6% of school-aged children with DDs were accessing therapy services. Statistically significant variation in therapy access for children with DDs was found across states (σ2 = .11, SE = .04, Range: Iowa = 21.7%, D.C. = 51.1%). Older child age and private insurance were each associated with significantly lower adjusted odds of therapy access. Functional limitations, individualized education program, frustration accessing services, and care coordination need were each associated with significantly higher adjusted odds of therapy access. Bivariate analysis results showed lower number of medically underserved areas, higher percent of children with IDEA Part B services, and higher number of HCBS waivers per state were each associated with higher odds of therapy access; however, these associations did not remain statistically significant in multivariable analysis results. Multivariable analysis results for children with DDs in waiver states demonstrated higher estimated annual costs per child to be associated with lower adjusted odds of therapy access (aOR = 0.85; 95% CI: 0.81-0.90). Sensitivity analysis results also showed that among children with DDs and functional limitations, ≥2 state HCBS waivers were associated with increased adjusted odds of therapy access. Conclusions: Therapy access for school-aged children with DDs varies widely across states, reflecting geographic disparities in care. Results further highlight pronounced disparities in therapy access by age, insurance, and service needs among school-aged children with DDs. Implications for Policy or Practice: To advance equitable access to therapy services for school-aged children with DDs, targeted policy and practice initiatives remain needed. ER  - 
DIFFERENTIATING TRANSIENT EPILEPTIC AMNESIA FROM EPILEPSY IN DEMENTIA AND MILD COGNITIVE IMPAIRMENT$$$ Objectives/Aims Patients with TEA experience epileptic seizures characterised primarily by a transient impairment of memory. These seizures sometimes include brief periods of unresponsiveness and other ictal features, including olfactory hallucinations and motor automatisms. TEA patients also report interictal memory difficulties: autobiographical amnesia, accelerated long-term forgetting, and topographical amnesia. Epileptic seizures in dementia can lead to behavioural arrest and altered responsiveness, as well as periods of increased confusion and amnesia. We aimed to compare and contrast these conditions with the objective of developing a decision aid to distinguish them efficiently in typical clinical settings. Methods This retrospective study examined the case notes of two groups of patients enrolled in two separate studies. The Impairment of Memory in Epilepsy (TIME) study has established a cohort of 115 patients with TEA. The Presentation of Epileptic Seizures in Dementia (PrESIDe) study assessed 144 patients with MCI or dementia and identified a clinical suspicion of epilepsy in 37 (25.7%). The Addenbrooke's Cognitive Examination - Version III (ACE-III) scores were compared as a measure of cognitive function. The prevalence of several key seizures features in both the TEA and epilepsy in dementia populations were identified. Results The average age of seizure onset in the dementia group was 76.91 years, 15 years older than in the TEA group. A range of seizure features were seen in both groups. PrESIDe patients were more likely to have seizures where loss of awareness was a feature. Automatisms occurred in a similar prevalence across both groups, although olfactory hallucinations were significantly more common in the TEA group, as were seizures where amnesia was the sole manifestation. More than 50% of participants in both groups experienced amnestic episodes on waking. Patients with epilepsy in dementia scored significantly lower than patients with TEA on all domains of the ACE-III. However, despite typically normal results on the ACE-III, patients with TEA demonstrate impairments when recall is tested over longer delays (>24 hrs), or on measures of autobiographical memory. Conclusions In patients with TEA, the onset of seizures occurs at a younger age than in patients who experience seizures as a feature of their dementia, there are also key differences in the types of seizure reported by these two groups of patients. In contrast to patients with dementia, those with TEA commonly perform normally on standard cognitive tests. ER  - 
WHOLE-BRAIN FUNCTIONAL CONNECTIVITY BASED ON THE GRAPH THEORY ANALYSIISN PSYCHOGENIC NONEPILEPTIC SEIZURES (PNES)$$$ Objective Despite being the subject of many studies over the past two decades, mechanisms underlying psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are still poorly understood. We tried to address this issue by utilizing brain functional connectivity analysis to identify brain regions with abnormal activities in patients with PNES. In a case-control study, we performed graph based network analysis, a robust technique that determines the organization of brain connectivity and characterizes topological properties of the brain networks. Methods Twelve individuals with PNES and twenty-one healthy control subjects were examined. Resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rsfMRI) was acquired. All subjects were asked to keep their eyes open during the scanning process. The rsfMRI analysis consisted of pre-processing, extracting the functional connectivity matrix (FCM) based on the AAL atlas, threshold for binary FCM, constructing a graph network from FCM and extracting graph features, and finally statistical analysis. For all cortical and subcortical regions of the AAL atlas, we calculated measures of 'degree,' which is one of the features of the graph theory. Results: Our results revealed that, as compared to the healthy control subjects, patients with PNES had a significantly lower degree in some brain regions including their left and right insula (INS), right Putamen (PUT), left and right Supramarginal gyrus (SMG), right Middle occipital gyrus (MOG), and left and right Rolandic operculum (ROL). In contrast, degree was significantly greater in two regions [i.e., right Caudate (CAU) and left Inferior frontal gyrus orbital part (ORBinf)] in patients with PNES compared to that in controls. Conclusion Our findings suggest that functional connectivity of several major brain regions are different in patients with PNES compared with that in healthy individuals. While there is hypoactivity in regions important in perception, motor control, self- awareness, and cognitive functioning (e.g., insula) and also movement regulation (e.g., putamen), there is hyperactivity in areas involved in feedback processing (i.e., using information from past experiences to influence future actions and decisions) (e.g., caudate) in patients with PNES. The observation that individuals with PNES suffer from a wide range of abnormal activities in functional connectivity of their brain networks is consistent with the fact that PNES occur in a heterogeneous patient population; no single mechanism or contributing factor could explain PNES in all patients. ER  - 
THE LINK BETWEEN FUNCTIONAL NEUROLOGICAL DISORDER (FND) & MIGRAINE: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW$$$ Background FND and migraine are both common disorders that occur in the absence of structural brain damage. Clinically, it is suspected that they might co- occur more often than would be expected by chance. It is important to distinguish them in some clinical situations, especially hemiplegic migraine from migraine that triggers FND with weakness but there are no systematic, and limited narrative reviews of the topic. Objectives To study the association of FND and migraine with a systematic review of the literature. Methods Searches for relevant literature were performed in July 2018 in MEDLINE and PsycINFO electronic databases without time limitation and augmented by hand searching the reference lists within these papers and the knowledge of literature from selected experts in the field Results Five studies were identified; two from electronic, one from hand searches and two from experts. The total number of the sample size from the included studies was 2385. Findings generally indicated a positive association between migraine and FND. A prospective epidemiological study found that number of FND symptoms reported by migraineurs was 2.2 and 1.1 on controls. In a retrospective review of medical report study functional movement disorders occurred within 6 months or concomitantly with migraine onset in 71% of chronic migraine (CM) & 87.5% episodic migraine (EM) cases and the outcome effect of treating migraine on FND symptoms was a decrease or remission in 91% in CM and by 67% in EM. In a retrospective chart review study in the epilepsy monitoring unit, migraine diagnosis had a predictive value for diagnosing PNES & epilepsy OR=1.83, p<0.037 (95% CI: 1.04-3.32) compared to other biological factors. 40% of people diagnosed with FND reported having headache compared to 9% of controls in patients with other neurological disorders (P<0.0001). Unpublished data from a case-control study by Stone et al, revealed that 36% of 107 FND patients with limb weakness experienced migraine. Additionally, a clinical-based observational study from India of 1000 patients highlighted the common occurrence of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) during acute migraine attacks. Conclusions Despite a limited evidence base, migraine and FND appear to co-occur at elevated rates. It is imperative to explore how treating either migraine or FND impacts on the other. More studies are needed to confirm these findings and to investigate any potential mechanistic overlap. ER  - 
Assessment of the knowledge, attitudes, and practices (KAP) among UNRWA*health staff in Jordan concerning mental health programme pre-implementation: a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Mental health is a major public health priority, especially among refugees. The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA) started to integrate mental health and psychosocial support (MHPSS) into its primary healthcare services in Jordan in late 2017. In this study, we aimed to assess of the knowledge, attitudes, and practices (KAP) among UNRWA health staff (HS) in Jordan concerning mental health programme pre-implementation, and their perceived barriers about this MHPSS programme. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted among doctors, dentists, nurses, and midwives who work at 16 of the 25 UNRWA health centres in Jordan. The assessment was made using a validated self-administered questionnaire. Data analysis was performed using SPSS (version 22). Results: Of the participants, 73% (161 of 220) believed that their knowledge of MHPSS programmes was insufficient, with no significant difference (p = 0·116) between different categories of staff. Furthermore, 88% (194 of 220) said that they needed more training, 67% (147 of 220) reported that the number of mental health cases is increasing, and 50% (110 of 220) that dealing with these cases is difficult. Reflecting on the past 12 months, 31% of staff (69 out of 220) reported meeting between one and ten children, and 45% (100 out of 220) reported meeting between one and ten adults suspected of having mental illnesses. The most suspected condition was depression (84%; 150 of 220), followed by epilepsy (64%; 140 of 220). The main perceived barriers to implementation included the limited availability of MHPSS policies (87%; 192 of 220), MH professionals (86%; 190 of 220), resources (86%; 189 out of 220), and lack of privacy (14%; 31 out of 220). Conclusions: Most health staff had positive attitudes towards MHPSS programme implementation but felt they lacked the required knowledge. There is a need for training and clear technical guidelines. Perceived barriers to MHPSS programme implementation were consistent with the previous studies and need to be tackled with a structured plan of action. ER  - 
Pathways to psychiatric care and factors associated with delayed help-seeking among patients with mental illness in Northern Ethiopia: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objective This study aimed to assess pathways to psychiatric care and factors associated with delayed help-seeking among patients with mental illness in Northern Ethiopia using the WHO Pathway Study Encounter Form. Design A cross-sectional study design was used. Setting Data were collected using face-to-face interview from patients with various diagnoses of mental illness attending outpatient treatment at Ayder Comprehensive Specialized Hospital in Mekelle City, Tigray, Northern Ethiopia. Participants Participants who came to attend outpatient treatment during the study period were included in the study using consecutive sampling technique. Outcome measures Pathways to psychiatric care, delayed psychiatric treatment and factors affecting delayed psychiatric treatment. Results The median duration from problem onset to contact with first care provider was 4 weeks, whereas contact with modern psychiatric services was 52.0 weeks. Study participants who were single (adjusted OR (AOR)=2.91, 95% CI 1.19 to 7.11), divorced (AOR=3.73, 95% CI 1.33 to 10.49) and who perceived mental illness as shameful (AOR=3.29, 95% CI 1.15 to 9.41) had delayed treatment-seeking behaviour, whereas participants with no history of substance use (AOR=0.43, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.92) were less likely to have delayed treatment-seeking behaviour. Conclusions There is significant delay in seeking modern psychiatric treatment. Religious healers were the first source of help for mental illness. Majority of the respondents described that mental illness was due to supernatural causes. Stigma and lack of awareness about where treatment is available were barriers to seeking appropriate care. ER  - 
Critical Illness Secondary to Synthetic Cannabinoid Ingestion$$$ Importance: Synthetic cannabinoids (SCs), commonly known as K2, spice, or fake weed, are cheap, artificially manufactured recreational drugs that have emerged as a major public health threat in various regions of the US. Objective: To describe the clinical manifestations of SC intoxication. Design, Setting, and Participants: This case series assessed adults admitted to the intensive care unit from 2014 to 2016 with acute life-threatening complications of SC use. Data analysis was completed in October 2016. Exposures: Use of SCs such as K2, spice, or other synthetic versions of cannabinoids. Main Outcomes and Measures: Data collected included patient demographic data, medical history, presenting symptoms, physical findings, laboratory and imaging data, and intensive care unit and hospital course. Results: Thirty patients (mean age, 41 years [range, 21-59 years]; 24 men [80%]) with SC ingestion were admitted to the intensive care unit over a 2-year period. Thirteen patients were undomiciled. The majority had a history of polysubstance abuse, psychiatric illness, or personality disorder. The admission diagnoses were coma (10 patients [33%]), agitation (10 patients [33%]), and seizure (6 patients [20%]). Eighteen patients (60%) had acute respiratory failure, and tracheal intubation was required in 21 patients (70%) for either airway protection or acute respiratory failure. Rhabdomyolysis was noted in 8 patients (26%). A man developed transient cerebral edema with loss of gray-white differentiation but had complete recovery. A woman with history of asthma died of acute respiratory distress syndrome. All patients underwent routine toxicology testing, which was unrevealing in 16 cases and revealed coingestion in the remainder. Sixteen patients (53%) left the hospital against medical advice. Conclusions and Relevance: Ingestion of SCs can lead to life-threatening complications, including severe toxic encephalopathy, acute respiratory failure, and death. Synthetic cannabinoids are undetectable in routine serum and urine toxicology testing but can be suspected on the basis of history and clinical presentation, which may include extreme agitation or coma. Frontline clinicians must be aware of the presentation and be vigilant in suspecting SC intoxication. ER  - 
Epilepsy surgery beyond 50years: Long-term seizure and cognitive outcomes$$$ Introduction: Surgery is a well-demonstrated effective treatment for patients with refractory epilepsy. However, there are scarce data about the efficacy in older patients. Endpoint was to evaluate the outcome of epilepsy surgery in pharmacorresistant patients operated in middle-late adulthood. Methods: We conducted a retrospective observational study including patients who underwent a epilepsy surgery at age ≥ 50. Presurgical clinical data, type of surgery, and postsurgical seizure outcome and neurological complications, including neuropsychological assessment were analyzed. Minimum post-surgical follow-up was 1 year. Results: We identified 38 patients (22 males, 17 females) out of 350 patients who underwent a resective surgery with curative intention in our Epilepsy Unit (12%). Median age at surgery was 56 years (50–69), with median epilepsy duration of 42 years (4–67). Neuroimaging showed focal epileptogenic lesions in 37 patients, mainly mesial temporal sclerosis (21). Presurgical neuropsychological evaluation was available in 38 patients: 35 had deficits, mostly in verbal or visual memory. Twenty-eight patients underwent standard temporal lobectomy with amygdalohippocampectomy, 7 lesionectomy and 4 lobectomy. Median follow-up was 4.46 years (1–9.75). A good outcome was achieved by 86.8% (28 Engel I; 5 Engel II); 5 patients were studied with SEEG, without any complications. None had postsurgical permanent neurological complications. From 22 patients with available post-surgical neuropsychological assessment, 16 scored lower than in pre-surgical one, mainly in memory domain. Conclusion: Surgical treatment of long-term refractory epilepsy in patients ≥50 years can be effective and safe. Post-surgical memory decline is a frequent side effect, but with a low impact in daily life. ER  - 
Glioblastoma-mediated Immune Dysfunction Limits CMV-specific T Cells and Therapeutic Responses: Results from a Phase I/II Trial$$$ Purpose: Cytomegalovirus (CMV) antigens occur in glioblastoma but not in normal brains, making them desirable immunologic targets. Patients and Methods: Highly functional autologous polyclonal CMV pp65-specific T cells from patients with glioblastoma were numerically expanded under good manufacturing practice compliant conditions and administered after 3 weeks of lymphodepleting dose-dense temozolomide (100 mg/m2) treatment. The phase I component used a 3þ3 design, ascending through four dose levels (5 106–1 108 cells). Treatment occurred every 6 weeks for four cycles. In vivo persistence and effector function of CMV-specific T cells was determined by dextramer staining and multiparameter flow cytometry in serially sampled peripheral blood and in the tumor microenvironment. Results: We screened 65 patients; 41 were seropositive for CMV; 25 underwent leukapheresis; and 20 completed ≥1 cycle. No dose-limiting toxicities were observed. Radiographic response was complete in 1 patient, partial in 2. Median progression-free survival (PFS) time was 1.3 months [95% confidence interval (CI), 0–8.3 months]; 6-month PFS was 19% (95% CI, 7%–52%); and median overall survival time was 12 months (95% CI, 6 months to not reached). Repeated infusions of CMV-T cells paralleled significant increases in circulating CMVþ CD8þ T cells, but cytokine production showing effector activity was suppressed, especially from T cells obtained directly from glioblastomas. Conclusions: Adoptive infusion of CMV-specific T cells after lymphodepletion with dose-dense temozolomide was well tolerated. But apparently CMV seropositivity does not guarantee tumor susceptibility to CMV-specific T cells, suggesting heterogeneity in CMV antigen expression. Moreover, effector function of these T cells was attenuated, indicating a requirement for further T-cell modulation to prevent their dysfunction before conducting large-scale clinical studies. ER  - 
DLBCL patients treated with CD19 CAR T cells experience a high burden of organ toxicities but low nonrelapse mortality$$$ Cytokine release syndrome (CRS) immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome are the most notable toxicities of CD19 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy. In addition, CAR T-cell-mediated toxicities can involve any organ system, with varied impacts on outcomes, depending on patient factors and involved organs. We performed detailed analysis of organ-specific toxicities and their association with outcomes in 60 patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) treated with CD19 CAR T cells by assessing all toxicities in organ-based groups during the first year posttreatment. We observed 539 grade $2 and 289 grade $3 toxicities. Common grade $3 toxicities included hematological, metabolic, infectious, and neurological complications, with corresponding 1-year cumulative incidence of 57.7%, 54.8%, 35.4%, and 18.3%, respectively. Patients with impaired performance status had a higher risk of grade $3 metabolic complications, whereas elevated lactate dehydrogenase was associated with higher risks of grade $3 neurological and pulmonary toxicities. CRS was associated with higher incidence of grade $3 metabolic, pulmonary, and neurologic complications. The 1-year nonrelapse mortality and overall survival were 1.7% and 69%, respectively. Only grade $3 pulmonary toxicities were associated with an increased mortality risk. In summary, toxicity burdens after CD19 CAR T-cell therapy were high and varied by organ systems. Most toxicities were manageable and were rarely associated with mortality. Our study emphasizes the importance of toxicity assessment, which could serve as a benchmark for further research to reduce symptom burdens and improve tolerability in patients treated with CAR T cells. ER  - 
Disparities in triage and management of the homeless and the elderly trauma patient$$$ Background: Trauma systems are designed to provide specialized treatment for the most severely injured. As populations change, it is imperative for trauma centers to remain dynamic to provide the best care to all members of the community. Methods: A retrospective review of all trauma patients treated at one Level II trauma center in Southern CA over 5 years. Three cohorts of patients were studied: geriatric (> 65 years), the homeless, and all other trauma patients. Triage, hospitalization, and outcomes were collected and analyzed. Results: Of 8431 patients treated, 30% were geriatric, 3% homeless and 67% comprised all other patients. Trauma activation criteria was met for 84% of all other trauma patients, yet only 61% of homeless and geriatric patients combined. Injury mechanism for homeless included falls (38%), pedestrian/bicycle related (27%) and assaults (24%), often while under the influence of alcohol and drugs. Average length of hospital stay (LOS) was greater for homeless and geriatric patients and frequently attributed to discharge planning challenges. Both the homeless and geriatric groups demonstrated increased complications, comorbidities, and death rates. Conclusions: Homeless trauma patients reflect similar challenges in care as with the elderly, requiring additional resources and more complex case management. It is prudent to identify and understand the issues surrounding patients transported to our trauma center requiring a higher level of care yet are under-triaged upon arrival to the Emergency Department. Although a monthly review is done for all under-triaged patients, and geriatric patients are acknowledged to be a cohort continually having delays, the homeless cohort continues to be under-triaged. The admitted homeless trauma patient has similar complex case management issues as the elderly related to pre-existing health issues and challenges with discharge planning, both which can add to longer lengths of hospital stay as compared to other trauma patients. Given the lack of social support that is endemic to both populations, these cohorts represent a unique challenge to trauma centers. Further research into specialized care is required to determine best practices to address disparities evident in the homeless and elderly, and to promote health equity in marginalized populations. ER  - 
Buparlisib plus carboplatin or lomustine in patients with recurrent glioblastoma: A phase Ib/II, open-label, multicentre, randomised study$$$ Background Glioblastoma relapse is associated with activation of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) signalling pathway. In preclinical studies, the pan-PI3K inhibitor buparlisib showed antitumour activity in glioma models. Methods This was a two-part, multicentre, phase Ib/II study in patients with recurrent glioblastoma pretreated with radiotherapy and temozolomide standard of care. Patients received buparlisib (80 mg or 100 mg once daily) plus carboplatin (area under the curve (AUC)=5 every 3 weeks), or buparlisib (60 mg once daily) plus lomustine (100 mg/m 2 every 6 weeks). The primary endpoint was to determine the maximum tolerable dose (MTD) and/or recommended phase II dose of buparlisib plus carboplatin or lomustine. Results Between 28 February 2014 and 7 July 2016, 35 patients were enrolled and treated with buparlisib plus carboplatin (n=17; buparlisib (80 mg) plus carboplatin, n=3; and buparlisib (100 mg) plus carboplatin, n=14), or buparlisib (60 mg) plus lomustine (n=18). The MTD of buparlisib was determined to be 100 mg per day in combination with carboplatin at an AUC of 5 every 3 weeks. The MTD of buparlisib in combination with lomustine could not be determined as it did not satisfy the MTD criteria per the Bayesian logistic regression model. Conclusion The overall safety profile of buparlisib remained unchanged, and no new or unexpected safety findings were reported in this study. Preliminary assessment for both combinations did not demonstrate sufficient antitumour activity compared with historical data on single-agent carboplatin or lomustine. Trial registration number NCT01934361. ER  - 
Phase I, open-label, multicentre study of buparlisib in combination with temozolomide or with concomitant radiation therapy and temozolomide in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma$$$ Background Most glioblastoma tumours exhibit intrinsic phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) pathway activation. Preclinical in vitro and in vivo models suggest that buparlisib (an oral pan-PI3K inhibitor) can have an effect on glioblastoma directly and by enhancing the activity of radiation and of temozolomide. Methods This was a phase I, two-stage, multicentre, open-label, dose-escalation study of buparlisib in combination with temozolomide and radiotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma. In stage I, patients who completed the concomitant phase of combination of temozolomide and radiation prior to study entry received buparlisib in combination with temozolomide. In stage II, patients received buparlisib in combination with temozolomide and radiotherapy in the concomitant phase and temozolomide in the adjuvant treatment phase. The primary objective was to estimate the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of buparlisib when combined with the approved first-line treatment of temozolomide and radiotherapy. Results The MTD of buparlisib in combination with temozolomide at stage I (adjuvant phase only) was 80 mg/day, which was used as the starting dose in stage II. The MTD of buparlisib in combination with temozolomide and radiotherapy in stage II (concomitant + adjuvant phase) was not determined due to the observed dose-limiting toxicities and treatment discontinuations due to adverse events (AEs). In stage I, the most commonly reported AEs were nausea (72.7%) and fatigue (59.1%). In stage II, the most commonly reported AEs were fatigue and nausea (56.3% each). No on-treatment deaths were reported during the study. Conclusion Considering that the primary objective of estimating the MTD was not achieved in addition to the observed challenging safety profile of buparlisib in combination with radiotherapy and temozolomide, Novartis decided not to pursue the development of buparlisib in newly diagnosed glioblastoma. Trial registration number ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01473901. ER  - 
Clinical evaluation of psychiatric and behavioral disorders in adolescents with epilepsy: a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a neurological disease that is often associated with psychiatric comorbidities. Subjects and methods: The aim of the study was to examine the frequency of psychic symptoms and their association with different types of epilepsy in the adolescent population. The study involved 100 adolescents with epilepsy and 100 healthy adolescents of both sexes at the age of 13–19. The examinees completed a standardized Symptom Checklist-90-R (SCL-90-R) questionnaire, concerning self-assessment of psychological disorders in the previous week. The value system of ​​nine dimensions and three global indexes of SCL-90-R scales were analyzed. Results: Our results suggest that adolescents with epilepsy have more than one psychic disorder compared to a healthy group of respondents. Somatic symptoms are more common in non-epileptic subjects, while obsessive-compulsive, depressive and phobic symptoms, as well as anxiety, aggressiveness, interpersonal vulnerability and paranoia, are more common in adolescents with epilepsy. Due to the type of epilepsy, obsessive compulsive symptoms are more common in adolescents with focal epilepsy, while the symptoms of phobia are more present in those with generalized epilepsy. The depth and intensity of psychological stress is higher in the group of adolescents with epilepsy compared to the healthy group of respondents. Conclusions: Psychiatric comorbidity is very common in epileptic patients and depending on the type of diagnosed epilepsy, various symptoms are expressed. Furthermore, psychological stress is more observable in adolescents with epilepsy. For patients with epilepsy, mental health care and seizure control is extremely important in the prevention of serious mental disabilities. ER  - 
Asthma phenotypes and associated comorbidities in a large cohort of adolescents in Israel$$$ Objectives: Asthma is a multifactorial, heterogeneous, complex and common chronic respiratory disease driven by diverse mechanisms. Although asthma presents various clinical forms with different levels of severity, it is unclear whether asthma severities are a consequence of disease management or varied etiologies. We sought to investigate this question. Methods: This article presents a cross-sectional study of 113,671 Israeli adolescents. Univariate and multivariable logistic regression models were performed to analyze the independent associations between mild asthma and moderate-to-severe asthma phenotypes and coexistent medical conditions within each gender separately. Hierarchical clustering of the odds ratios of the diverse statistically significant medical conditions associated with asthma severity-gender groups was also performed. We focused on the allergic and neurological-cognitive-mental disorders. Results: Among males, two associations were common to both asthma groups (atopic dermatitis and allergic rhinitis), five unique to mild asthma (urticaria/angioedema, Hymenoptera/bee allergies, allergic conjunctivitis, epilepsy and migraine) and two unique to moderate-to-severe asthma (learning disabilities and ADD/ADHD (Attention-deficit disorder/Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder)). Among females, two associations were common to both clinical asthma groups (allergic rhinitis and urticaria/angioedema), and five unique to moderate-to-severe asthma (atopic dermatitis, learning disabilities, ADD/ADHD, anxiety/mood disorders and migraine). Allergic rhinitis was the only condition to be associated with all four groups. Learning disabilities and ADD/ADHD were only associated with moderate-to-severe asthma (but not with mild asthma), in both males and females. Hierarchical clustering analysis uncovered two prominent clusters, separating mild from moderate-to-severe asthma. Conclusions: The differences between mild and moderate-to-severe asthma enhance asthma phenotype characterization, with respect to comorbidities, and indicate varied etiologies. ER  - 
Social impairments in alternating hemiplegia of childhood$$$ Aim: To evaluate presence and severity of social impairments in alternating hemiplegia of childhood (AHC) and determine factors that are associated with social impairments. Method: This was a retrospective analysis of 34 consecutive patients with AHC (19 females, 15 males; mean age: 9y 7mo, SD 8y 2mo, range 2y 7mo–40y), evaluated with the Social Responsiveness Scale, Second Edition (SRS-2). Results: SRS-2 scores, indicating level of social impairment, were higher than population means (75, SD 14 vs 50, SD 10, p<0.001). Of these, 27 out of 34 had high scores: 23 severe (>76), four moderate (66–76). All subscale domains, including social cognition, social communication, social awareness, social motivation, restricted interests, and repetitive behavior, had abnormal scores compared to population means (p<0.001). High SRS-2 scores were associated with the presence of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and epilepsy (p=0.01, p=0.04), but not with other scales of AHC disease symptomatology. All nine patients who received formal evaluations for ASD, because they had high SRS-2 scores, were diagnosed with ASD. Interpretation: Most patients with AHC have impaired social skills involving multiple domains. ASD is not uncommon. High SRS-2 scores in patients with AHC support referral to ASD evaluation. Our findings are consistent with current understandings of the pathophysiology of AHC and ASD, both thought to involve GABAergic dysfunction. What this paper adds: Most patients with alternating hemiplegia of childhood (AHC) have impaired social skills involving multiple domains. These impairments are significant compared to population means. Most patients with AHC have high Social Responsiveness Scale, Second Edition (SRS-2) scores. Patients with AHC with high SRS-2 scores are likely to have autism spectrum disorder. ER  - 
Quality of Life, Mental Health, Personality and Patterns of Use in Self-Medicated Cannabis Users with Chronic Diseases: A 12-Month Longitudinal Study$$$ The number of patients using cannabis for therapeutic purposes is growing worldwide. While research regarding the treatment of certain diseases/disorders with cannabis and cannabinoids is also expanding, only a few longitudinal studies have assessed the mid-term impacts of medical cannabis use on psychological variables and quality of life (QoL). The aim of the study was to assess the psychological safety and QoL of patients with chronic diseases who self-medicate with cannabis over time. We recruited patients with various chronic diseases who use cannabis and collected data regarding patterns of cannabis use as well as mental health, personality and QoL. Participants were followed-up at baseline, 4, 8 and 12 months. Hair analysis was conducted to confirm the presence of cannabinoids. Personality assessment showed a consistent decrease in self-transcendence and self-directedness scores. Neither cognitive nor psychopathological deterioration was found. There were also no variations in QoL. Mid-term use of medical cannabis seems to show adequate tolerability regarding cognitive and psychopathological abilities, and it may help patients with chronic diseases to maintain an acceptable QoL. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes in temporal lobe epilepsy with glutamate decarboxylase antibodies$$$ Objective: To assess the long-term outcomes of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and CSF anti-glutamate decarboxylase antibodies (GAD65-Abs). Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical records of 35 patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and CSF GAD65-Abs, collected from January 1993 to December 2016 and assessed cognitive impairment and seizure activity at last visit. Cognitive impairment was considered significant if impacting on daily life activities. Immunohistochemistry on rat brain slices and ELISA were used for antibody detection and titration. Results: Median age was 30 years (range 2–63), 32/35 (91%) patients were female, and median follow-up was 68 months (range 7–232). At presentation, 20 patients had isolated temporal lobe epilepsy and 15 patients had other limbic symptoms, including anterograde amnesia (n = 10) and behavioral disturbances (n = 5). Progressive clinical deterioration over follow-up was reported in 28/35 patients (80%), including gradual increase of memory impairment (n = 25), and apparition of behavioral disturbances (n = 4) or mood disorders (n = 18). At last follow-up, 24/35 (69%) patients had cognitive disturbances with an impact on patient’s daily life activities, and 28/35 (80%) still had active seizures. Conclusion: Most patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and CSF GAD65-Abs develop a chronic disease with progressive cognitive impairment and refractory epilepsy regardless of the presence of additional limbic symptoms at onset. ER  - 
Is scan-negative cauda equina syndrome a functional neurological disorder? A pilot study$$$ Background and purpose: Cauda equina syndrome (CES) is a neurosurgical emergency which warrants lumbar magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Many patients with suggestive symptoms of CES have no radiological correlate. A functional (non-organic) aetiology has been proposed in some, but currently little is known about this patient group and their clinical outcomes. Methods: At a tertiary referral centre, 155 adult patients underwent urgent lumbar MRI for suspected CES in 1 year from December 2014. Data regarding clinical symptoms and follow-up were obtained from records. Patients were divided into CES (n = 25), radiculopathy (n = 68) and scan-negative (SN) groups (n = 62) from scans. Up to 3 years post-discharge, postal questionnaires were sent to patients with Oswestry Disability Index, Pain Catastrophizing score, Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ) 9, Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD) 7, PHQ 15 and Work and Social Adjustment Scale measures. Results: No clinical symptoms were found to differentiate CES from SN patients. Functional comorbidities were significantly more common in SN patients but mental health diagnosis frequency did not differ. Follow-up was variable with no consistent referral pathways, particularly for the SN group. 33% (n = 47) responded to the postal questionnaires; high levels of pain, symptom chronicity and disability were ubiquitous but self-reported mental health diagnoses and PHQ 15 were higher for SN patients. Conclusions: Conflicting data suggest further research is needed to investigate the prevalence of mental illness and somatic symptoms in SN cases. SN patients have higher rates of comorbid functional disorders and inconsistent referral pathways. Self-report measures indicate impaired quality of life across all groups. The low response rate limits the generalizability of findings but neuropsychiatric assessment and care pathway optimization should be considered. ER  - 
Induction Versus Escalation in Multiple Sclerosis: A 10-Year Real World Study$$$ In this independent, multicenter, post-marketing study, we directly compare induction immunosuppression versus escalation strategies on the risk of reaching the disability milestone of Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) ≥ 6.0 over 10 years in previously untreated patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. We collected data of patients who started interferon beta (escalation) versus mitoxantrone or cyclophosphamide (induction) as initial treatment. Main eligibility criteria included an EDSS score ≤ 4.0 at treatment start and either ≥ 2 relapses or 1 disabling relapse with evidence of ≥ 1 gadolinium-enhancing lesion at magnetic resonance imaging scan in the pre-treatment year. Since patients were not randomized to treatment group, we performed a propensity score (PS)–based matching procedure to select individuals with homogeneous baseline characteristics. Comparisons were then conducted using Cox models stratified by matched pairs. Overall, 75 and 738 patients started with induction and escalation, respectively. Patients in the induction group were older and more disabled than those in the escalation group (p < 0.05). The PS-matching procedure retained 75 patients per group. In the re-sampled population, a lower proportion of patients reached the outcome after induction (21/75, 28.0%) than escalation (29/75, 38.7%) (hazard ratio = 0.48; p = 0.024). Considering the whole sample, serious adverse events occurred more frequently after induction (8/75, 10.7%) than escalation (18/738, 2.4%) (odds ratio = 3.36, p = 0.015). These findings suggest that, in patients with poor prognostic factors, induction was more effective than escalation in reducing the risk of reaching the disability milestone, albeit with a worse safety profile. Future studies are warranted to explore if newer induction agents may provide a more advantageous long-lasting risk:benefit profile. ER  - 
Schizo-obsessive presentation in a young girl with digeorge syndrome$$$ DiGeorge syndrome (DGS), linked with the deletion of a gene located in chromosome 22-band 22q11, commonly presents with a triad of conotruncal cardiac anomalies, hypoplastic thymus, and hypocalcaemia. DGS is associated with cognitive deficits, neurodevelopmental disorders, and high rates of schizophrenia and anxiety disorders; hence, psychiatrists have an important role in the diagnosis and timely treatment of the disorder. Comorbid Schizophrenia with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder presentation is one of the uncommon ways in which patients might present. The aim of this report is to raise awareness of picking up early sub-threshold features, the need for long term follow up, rational use of medications in atypical presentations, and multi-faceted approach to intervention. ER  - 
AEDs and Cognition: One Small Fish in a Very Large Pond?$$$ Antiepileptic Drugs Are Not Independently Associated With Cognitive Dysfunction Foster E, Malpas CB, Ye K, et al. Neurology. 2020;94:e1051-e1061. doi: 10.1212/WNL.0000000000009061. Objective: To test the hypothesis that individual antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are not associated with cognitive impairment beyond other clinically relevant factors, we performed a cross-sectional study of patients admitted to an inpatient video-electroencephalogram monitoring unit. Methods: We prospectively enrolled patients admitted to an inpatient specialist epilepsy program between 2009 and 2016. Assessments included objective cognitive function, quality of life subscales for subjective cognitive function, and questionnaires for anxiety and depressive symptoms. Bayesian model averaging identified predictors of cognitive function. Bayesian model selection approach investigated effect of individual AEDs on cognition. Conventional frequentist analyses were also performed. Results: A total of 331 patients met inclusion criteria. Mean age was 39.3 years and 61.9% of patients were women. A total of 45.0% of patients were prescribed AED polypharmacy, 25.1% AED monotherapy, and 29.9% no AED. Age, seizure frequency, and a diagnosis of concomitant epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizure were predictors of objective cognitive function. Depression, anxiety, and seizure frequency were predictors of subjective cognitive function. Individual AEDs were not independently associated with impaired cognitive function beyond other clinically relevant variables. Conclusions: This study found that no AED was independently associated with cognitive dysfunction. Significant determinants of objective and subjective cognitive dysfunction included seizure frequency and depression, respectively. These findings suggest that optimizing therapy to prevent seizures is not likely to occur at the expense of cognitive function. ER  - 
Effects of Alcohol Cue Reactivity on Subsequent Treatment Outcomes Among Treatment-Seeking Individuals with Alcohol Use Disorder: A Multisite Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial of Varenicline$$$ Background: The alcohol cue reactivity paradigm is increasingly used to screen medications for the treatment of alcohol use disorder (AUD) and other substance use disorders. Yet, its prospective association with craving and naturalistic drinking outcomes in clinical trials remains unknown. This study embedded repeated human laboratory assessments of alcohol cue reactivity within the context of a randomized controlled trial to examine the effects of varenicline tartrate (Chantix®), a partial agonist of α4β2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, on alcohol craving among treatment-seeking heavy drinkers with AUD. Our main objectives were to test whether varenicline, as compared to placebo, blunts alcohol cue–elicited craving and test whether alcohol cue reactivity observed in the human laboratory predicts subsequent alcohol craving and use during the remainder of the trial. Design and Methods: This double-blind, randomized, 2-site study compared the effects of varenicline (up to 2 mg/d) and placebo on responses to in vivo alcohol cue and affective picture cue exposure in the human laboratory. Forty-seven volunteers (18 females, 29 males), ages 23 to 67 years (M = 43.7, SD = 11.5), were recruited from the community via advertisements to participate in a clinical trial designed to study the effects of varenicline on alcohol use. Participants were randomized to either varenicline or placebo for 6 weeks. Results: Varenicline did not attenuate cue-induced alcohol craving relative to placebo, but craving captured during the cue reactivity paradigm significantly predicted subsequent alcohol use in real-world settings during the clinical trial. Higher craving predicted heavier alcohol use. Conclusions: Our results are among the first to show alcohol cue–induced craving captured during a human laboratory paradigm predicts drinking outcomes in the context of a clinical trial. ER  - 
Utility of metabolic screening in neurological presentations of infancy$$$ Background: The first-line use of specialized metabolic screening laboratories in the investigation of hypotonia and/or developmental delay remains a standard practice despite lack of supporting evidence. Our study aimed to address the utility of such testing by determining the proportion of patients whose diagnosis was directly supported by metabolic screening. Methods: We performed a retrospective chart review study of 164 patients under age one who had screening metabolic laboratory testing done within the time period of one calendar year. Results: Of patients screened, 9/164 (5.5%) had diagnoses supported by metabolic testing (two with nonketotic hyperglycinemia, three with ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency, one with propionic acidemia, one with a congenital disorder of glycosylation, one with D-bifunctional protein deficiency, and one with GM1 Gangliosidosis). Of patients specifically evaluated for hypotonia and/or developmental delay, 5/79 (6.3%) were diagnosed with the aid of metabolic testing. All patients with positive screens presented with acute decompensation. Outside of this subgroup of high-risk patients, no patients were diagnosed using metabolic testing. Screening laboratories were also ineffective in an outpatient setting, identifying only one of the seven outpatients who was ultimately diagnosed with an inborn error of metabolism. Conclusions: These findings demonstrate that the yield of specialized metabolic screening testing is extremely low in infants with hypotonia and/or developmental delay, approaching zero outside of the specific setting of clinical decompensation or multi-system involvement. Furthermore, many outpatient cases of IEM are not identified by screening studies. This information will help guide the diagnostic evaluation of hypotonia and/or global developmental delay. ER  - 
The close relation of tic disorders with childhood migraine and atopic background of both children and mothers$$$ Objective: This study aimed to evaluate primary headache disorders and other causative comorbidities (e.g., epilepsy, atopic disorders, recurrent abdominal pain, motion sickness, and headache) in children with tic disorders (TDs) and their mothers. Materials and Methods: In a multi-center, cross-sectional, familial association study using case–control design, youth (between 7 and 17 years) with TDs (TD, as per Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-5 criteria) and age- and sex-matched healthy controls and their mothers were evaluated in the aspect of functional syndromes spectrum including migraine, epilepsy, atopic disorders, motion sickness, and recurrent abdominal pain. Results: Seventy-nine youth with TD and 101 controls were included. Causative comorbidities, other than epilepsy and motion sickness were more common in children with TD with an odds ratio (OR) of 2.1 (atopy) and 3.9 (food allergy). Specifically, recurrent abdominal pain and migraine were found in 36.7% and 31.7% of children (vs. 18.8% and 16.8% of controls, ORs 2.5 and 2.3, respectively). Mothers of youth with TDs also have higher rates of atopy, drug allergy and allergic dermatitis (ORs; 3.8, 3.2 and 2.1; respectively). Conclusion: Results of recent studies suggest a possible link between atopic disorders, migraine, recurrent abdominal pain and TDs. Our results contribute to those studies and suggest that this relationship may extend to the mothers of children as well. ER  - 
Motor hyperactivation during cognitive tasks: An endophenotype of juvenile myoclonic epilepsy$$$ Objective: Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME) is the most common genetic generalized epilepsy syndrome. Myoclonus may relate to motor system hyperexcitability and can be provoked by cognitive activities. To aid genetic mapping in complex neuropsychiatric disorders, recent research has utilized imaging intermediate phenotypes (endophenotypes). Here, we aimed to (a) characterize activation profiles of the motor system during different cognitive tasks in patients with JME and their unaffected siblings, and (b) validate those as endophenotypes of JME. Methods: This prospective cross-sectional investigation included 32 patients with JME, 12 unaffected siblings, and 26 controls, comparable for age, sex, handedness, language laterality, neuropsychological performance, and anxiety and depression scores. We investigated patterns of motor system activation during episodic memory encoding and verb generation functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) tasks. Results: During both tasks, patients and unaffected siblings showed increased activation of motor system areas compared to controls. Effects were more prominent during memory encoding, which entailed hand motion via joystick responses. Subgroup analyses identified stronger activation of the motor cortex in JME patients with ongoing seizures compared to seizure-free patients. Receiver-operating characteristic curves, based on measures of motor activation, accurately discriminated both patients with JME and their siblings from healthy controls (area under the curve: 0.75 and 0.77, for JME and a combined patient-sibling group against controls, respectively; P <.005). Significance: Motor system hyperactivation represents a cognitive, domain-independent endophenotype of JME. We propose measures of motor system activation as quantitative traits for future genetic imaging studies in this syndrome. ER  - 
Sensory Processing Difficulties in Functional Neurological Disorder: A Possible Predisposing Vulnerability?$$$ Background: Functional neurological disorder (FND) is a prevalent neuropsychiatric condition characterized by sensorimotor difficulties. Patients with FND at times report that sensory experiences trigger and/or exacerbate their symptoms. Sensory processing difficulties are also commonly reported in other psychiatric disorders frequently comorbid in FND, suggesting that contextualizing sensory profiles in FND within a biopsychosocial model may be clinically relevant. Objective: To address this literature gap, we conducted a retrospective cohort study to examine sensory processing patterns and their relationship to other neuropsychiatric characteristics in patients with FND. Methods: A retrospective chart review design was used to investigate sensory processing patterns, established with the Adolescent/Adult Sensory Profile self-report questionnaire, in 44 patients with FND. Univariate analyses of cross-sectional screening tests followed by multivariate linear regression analyses were performed to identify clinical factors associated with sensory processing scores in the FND cohort. Results: Compared to normative data, most patients with FND reported sensory processing tendencies toward low registration, sensory sensitivity, and sensation avoiding. In multivariate regression analyses, the presence of a lifetime anxiety disorder independently predicted elevated low registration scores, while female gender and number of current medications independently predicted increased sensory sensitivity scores. In uncorrected univariate analyses only, individuals with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures were more likely to report increased sensory sensitivity and elevated low registration. Conclusion: These preliminary findings support sensory processing difficulties in some patients with FND. Prospective and large sample size studies are needed to investigate relationships between sensory processing profiles and neuropsychiatric comorbidities, FND subtypes, and treatment outcomes. ER  - 
A Novel Integrative Psychotherapy for Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures Based on the Biopsychosocial Model: A Retrospective Pilot Outcome Study$$$ Background: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) represent one of the most sizable treatment challenges in neuropsychiatry. Although the underlying mechanism is far from being understood, several interventions have been suggested. However, patients with comorbid psychiatric diagnoses and epilepsy are excluded from most intervention studies. Objective: To To present a within-group posttreatment vs pretreatment study representing the retrospective clinical results of an integrative psychotherapy model. Methods: We present the clinical results of 22 patients with PNES diagnosed in an epilepsy center and treated in our neuropsychiatry clinic using an integrative rehabilitative psychotherapy. Therapy included presenting the diagnosis, psychoeducation, seizure reduction behavioral techniques, and coping with past and present stressors. Insomuch as integrative biopsychosocial psychotherapy is based on an individualized treatment protocol for each patient, treatment was individualized and case specific. Results: By the end of treatment, 36% of patients had become seizure free and a further 54% achieved a major seizure reduction (reduction of more than 70%). Seventy-two percent of patients kept at least 70% seizure reduction at follow-up. Global Assessment of Functioning scores improved from a mean of 43.09 to a mean of 72.81 at the end of treatment and 69.72 at follow-up. In addition, we present 3 case descriptions that emphasize the individualized nature of psychotherapeutic decisions. Conclusions: Our results support the feasibility and effectiveness of biopsychosocial based integrative psychotherapy for PNES and set principles for future treatment and prospective clinical trials in the field of individualized psychotherapy. ER  - 
Seizures during treatment of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: A population-based cohort study$$$ Background: Seizures are common in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). As ALL survival rates are improving, the challenge to minimize treatment related side effects and late sequelae rises. Here, we studied the frequency, timing, etiology and risk factors of seizures in ALL patients. Methods: The study included children aged 1–17.9 years at diagnosis of B-cell-precursor and T cell ALL who were treated according to the Nordic Society of Pediatric Hematology and Oncology (NOPHO) ALL2008 protocol between 2008 and 2015. Detailed patient data were acquired from the NOPHO ALL2008 registry and by review of medical records. Results: Seizures occurred in 81/1464 (5.5%) patients. The cumulative incidence of seizures at one months was 1.7% (95% CI: 1.2–2.5) and at one year 5.3% (95% CI 4.2–6.5%). Patients aged 10–17.9 years, those with T cell immunophenotype, CNS involvement, or high-risk induction with dexamethasone had higher risk for seizures in univariable analyses. Only age remained a risk factor in multivariable analyses (the cumulative incidence of seizures for patients 10–17.9 years old at one year was 9.0% (95% CI: 6.2–12.9)). Of the 81 patients with seizures, 43 had posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES), 15 had isolated seizures, nine had sinus venous thrombosis (SVT), three had stroke-like syndrome, and 11 had other neurotoxicities. Epilepsy diagnosis was reported in totally 11 ALL survivors at last follow up. Conclusion: Seizures are relatively common in ALL patients and occur most often in patients with PRES, SVT, or as an isolated symptom. Older children have higher risk of seizures. ER  - 
Brain functional effects of electroconvulsive therapy during emotional processing in major depressive disorder$$$ Background: In treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD), electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a treatment with high efficacy. While knowledge regarding changes in brain structure following ECT is growing, the effects of ECT on brain function during emotional processing are largely unknown. Objective: We investigated the effects of ECT on the activity of the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) and amygdala during negative emotional stimuli processing and its association with clinical response. Methods: In this non-randomized longitudinal study, patients with MDD (n = 37) were assessed before and after treatment with ECT. Healthy controls (n = 37) were matched regarding age and gender. Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) was obtained twice, at baseline and after six weeks using a supraliminal face-matching paradigm. In order to evaluate effects of clinical response, additional post-hoc analyses were performed comparing responders to non-responders. Results: After ECT, patients with MDD showed a statistically significant increase in ACC activity during processing of negative emotional stimuli (pFWE = .039). This effect was driven by responders (pFWE = .023), while non-responders showed no increase. Responders also had lower pre-treatment ACC activity compared to non-responders (pFWE = .025). No significant effects in the amygdala could be observed. Conclusions: ECT leads to brain functional changes in the ACC, a relevant region for emotional regulation during processing of negative stimuli. Furthermore, baseline ACC activity might serve as a biomarker for treatment response. Findings are in accordance with recent studies highlighting properties of pre-treatment ACC to be associated with general antidepressive treatment response. ER  - 
All-cause mortality and SUDEP in a surgical epilepsy population$$$ Epilepsy surgery is considered to reduce the risk of epilepsy-related mortality, including sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP), though data from existing surgical series are conflicting. We retrospectively examined all-cause mortality and SUDEP in a population of 590 epilepsy surgery patients and a comparison group of 122 patients with pharmacoresistant focal epilepsy who did not undergo surgery, treated at Columbia University Medical Center between 1977 and 2014. There were 34 deaths in the surgery group, including 14 cases of SUDEP. Standardized mortality ratio (SMR) for the surgery group was 1.6, and SUDEP rate was 1.9 per 1000 patient-years. There were 13 deaths in the comparison group, including 5 cases of SUDEP. Standardized mortality ratio for the comparison group was 3.6, and SUDEP rate was 4.6 per 1000 patient-years. Both were significantly greater than in the surgery group (p < 0.05). All but one of the surgical SUDEP cases, and all of the comparison group SUDEP cases, had a history of bilateral tonic–clonic seizures (BTCS). Of postoperative SUDEP cases, one was seizure-free, and two were free of BTCS at last clinical follow-up. Time to SUDEP in the surgery group was longer than in the comparison group (10.1 vs 5.9 years, p = 0.013), with 10 of the 14 cases occurring > 10 years after surgery. All-cause mortality was reduced after epilepsy surgery relative to the comparison group. There was an early benefit of surgery on the occurrence of SUDEP, which was reduced after 10 years. A larger, multicenter study is needed to further investigate the time course of postsurgical SUDEP. ER  - 
Latency to first event is shorter in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures than in epileptic seizures in an epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ Objective: The objective was to study latency to first event among patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures compared (PNES) to epileptic seizures (ES) in an epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU). Introduction: PNES are common imitators of ES. This study investigates latency to first event in patients with PNES compared to patients with ES. Methods: We performed a retrospective chart review of patients admitted to our EMU from March 2016 to October 2017. We identified patients with PNES and ES. Patients with other nonepileptic events and mixed PNES (epilepsy plus PNES) were excluded. Patient demographics, baseline seizure frequency, length of EMU stay and time from admission to first event were recorded. Results: In total, 111 patients with PNES and 121 patients with ES were included. The mean age (in years) was 42 and 38, respectively. The average baseline seizure frequency was four times higher in the PNES group than the ES group. Greater than half (52%) of the patients with PNES and about one third (38%) of the patients with ES had an event within the first 24 hours. The average time to first event was 20.88 hours for the PNES group and 30.99 hours for the ES group (p<0.01). The median latency to first event was 14 hours for the PNES group and 23 hours for the ES group. The average length of EMU stay was significantly longer in the ES group (70.82 hours) than the PNES group (53.95 hours). Conclusion: The average time to first event is shorter for PNES than in ES. In patients with high pre-EMU clinical suspicion for PNES, relatively shorter EMU monitoring (24 to 48 hours) can confirm diagnosis. This phenomenon might improve cost-effectiveness of EMU monitoring in patients with PNES. ER  - 
Transient cortical diffusion restriction in children immediately after prolonged febrile seizures$$$ Aim: Little is known about acute febrile status epilepticus-induced injury of extrahippocampal structures. To clarify the presence and clinical significance of acute extrahippocampal injuries, we performed diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) in children immediately after prolonged febrile seizure (PFS). Method: We performed a retrospective cohort study in children younger than 6 years old who visited one of two hospitals due to PFSs between January 2013 and October 2018. PFS was defined as a febrile seizure that persisted for 15 min or longer. We collected brain DWI data within 6 h of the end of PFS. When the initial DWI detected an abnormality, a follow-up DWI was performed a few days later. Results: The study population consisted of 101 patients with PFSs. DWI was performed within 6 h in 51 patients, while the remaining 50 patients did not undergo imaging because of good recovery of consciousness. Restricted cortical diffusion was evident in 9 (18%) patients on initial DWI. All of them underwent DWI within 100 min after PFS. Restricted cortical diffusion was associated with male sex, asymmetrical PFS symptoms, and a shorter duration between the end of the seizure and DWI, but was not associated with seizure duration. All cortical abnormalities had resolved on follow-up DWI of these patients within 72 h after the initial imaging, but ipsilateral hippocampal hyperintensity appeared in one patient. All 9 patients with restricted cortical diffusion were finally diagnosed with PFS and discharged without sequelae. Conclusions: Some children with PFSs exhibit transient restricted diffusion in the regional cortex on DWI performed immediately after the end of PFS. These transient diffusion changes were not associated with unfavorable epileptic sequelae or neuroimaging in the short-term. ER  - 
Long-term efficacy and cognitive effects of voltage-based deep brain stimulation for drug-resistant essential tremor$$$ Objectives: To analyze the long-term efficacy and cognitive effects of voltage-based deep brain stimulation (DBS) for drug-resistant essential tremor (ET). Patients and Methods: Patients with drug-resistant ET and treated by voltage-based DBS of the ventral intermediate nucleus (VIM-DBS) were continuously enrolled. Seizure outcomes were assessed by blinded observers using the Tremor Rating Scale (TRS). The full-scale intelligence quotient, full-scale memory quotient, Hamilton Depression Scale, Hamilton Anxiety Scale, and Quality of Life in Essential Tremor Questionnaire were assessed as measures of cognitive function. Results: Eleven patients met the inclusion criteria, and two of them were excluded because of loss to follow-up. The patient follow-up times ranged from 48 to 66 months (median 51 months). TRS scores decreased by 60.4% and 46.0% at the 12- and 48-month follow-ups, respectively. Both changes were highly significant. During the follow-up period, the patients’ intelligence and memory had not significantly changed; depression, anxiety, and quality of life significantly improved. After long-term follow-up, the stimulation efficacy and quality of life gradually decreased, and the depression and anxiety levels increased. Conclusion: For patients with drug-resistant ET, voltage-based DBS can provide acceptable benefits on tremor, cognitive function, and quality of life. However, the efficacy of VIM-DBS decreased over time. ER  - 
Patient-reported outcomes of neoadjuvant apalutamide (ARN-509) and radical prostatectomy in treatment of intermediate to high risk prostate cancer (NEAR) trial – a phase II trial$$$ Introduction & Objectives: While Apalutamide (ARN-509) has been approved for treatment of M0 CRPC, its role in neoadjuvant therapy prior to radical prostatectomy has not been studied. The NEAR trial is a phase II single arm study of neoadjuvant apalutamide (ARN-509) and radical prostatectomy (RP) in the treatment of D'Amico intermediate and high-risk prostate cancer (Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT03124433). We report on the patient-reported outcomes following 12 weeks of ARN-509 therapy. Materials & Methods: Eligibility criteria included patients between 21-75 years old diagnosed with conventional adenocarcinoma, excluding those with radio-recurrent disease, and poor ECOG status (3 or below). Participants received ARN-509 240mg daily for 12 weeks followed by RP within 6 weeks of the last dose of medication. Patient-reported outcomes assessed included Sexual Health Inventory for Men (SHIM), EORTC QLQ-PR25 and QLQ-C30 questionnaires at time-points of week 0, 4 and 12 following ARN-509 therapy. All subjects were issued pedometers ad encouraged to adopt walking as physical exercise. The total daily step count was taken as a surrogate measure of physical activity level. Metabolic outcomes were measured using body mass index (BMI). Results: Of the 30 subjects to enrolled, 25 completed the study. SHIM median scores showed a statistically significant reduction with ARN509 therapy: 15, 9 to 6 (p<0.001). There were no statistically significant changes to QLQ-PR25 total scores (p=0.1) and the QLQC30-overall health and quality of life mean scores (p=0.8 and p=0.1 respectively). QLQC30-single items mean scores showed a small deterioration that was statistically significant (p=0.01), but not clinically significant. There were no significant changes in weight, BMI or activity levels during ARN 509 therapy. The adverse events (AE) attributable to ARN-509 therapy (classified by CTCAE version 5) included the following: Skin disorders–dry skin (88%), maculopapular rash (48%), and nipple area hyperalgesia (24%). Nervous system disorders–dizziness (12%), memory impairment (4%). Psychiatric disorders–depression (5%), decreased libido (25%), insomnia (20%). General disorder-fatigue (52%). There were no falls, fractures or seizures described. All attributable AEs were grade 2 or better in severity. Conclusions: These results show that 12 weeks of neoadjuvant ARN-509 treatment is fairly well tolerated. Despite the reductions in sexual function based on SHIM scores and QLQC30 single items scores, there were no clinically significant changes in overall patient-related outcomes based on PR-25 and QLQ-C30 overall health and quality of life scores. There was also no impact on the daily physical activity of the patients. The attributable AEs were most commonly skin disorders and were generally of low severity grade. ER  - 
Spatial distribution and hemispheric asymmetry of electrically evoked experiential phenomena in the human brain$$$ OBJECTIVE Experiential phenomena (EP), such as illusions and complex hallucinations, are vivid experiences created in one's mind. They can occur spontaneously as epileptic auras or can be elicited by electrical brain stimulation (EBS) in patients undergoing presurgical evaluation for drug-resistant epilepsy. Previous work suggests that EP arise from activation of different nodes within interconnected neural networks mainly in the temporal lobes. Yet, the anatomical extent of these neural networks has not been described and the question of lateralization of EP has not been fully addressed. To this end, an extended number of brain regions in which electrical stimulation elicited EP were studied to test whether there is a lateralization propensity to EP phenomena. METHODS A total of 19 drug-resistant focal epilepsy patients who underwent EBS as part of invasive presurgical evaluation and who experienced EP during the stimulation were included. Spatial dispersion of visual and auditory illusions and complex hallucinations in each hemisphere was determined by calculation of Euclidean distances between electrodes and their centroid in common space, based on (x, y, z) Cartesian coordinates of electrode locations. RESULTS In total, 5857 stimulation epochs were analyzed; 917 stimulations elicited responses, out of which 130 elicited EP. Complex visual hallucinations were found to be widely dispersed in the right hemisphere, while they were tightly clustered in the occipital lobe of the left hemisphere. Visual illusions were elicited mostly in the occipital lobes bilaterally. Auditory illusions and hallucinations were evoked symmetrically in the temporal lobes. CONCLUSIONS These findings suggest that complex visual hallucinations arise from wider spread in the right compared to the left hemisphere, possibly mirroring the asymmetry in the white matter organization of the two hemispheres. These results offer some insights into lateralized differences in functional organization and connectivity that may be important for functional mapping and planning of surgical resections in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Comparison of quality of life in patients with musculoskeletal symptoms, those with other comorbidities, and healthy people, in a Colombian open population study$$$ Purpose: To describe health-related QOL (HRQOL) in patients with musculoskeletal symptoms, compared to a population with other comorbidities, and a healthy population. Methods: A cross-sectional study was carried out on an open population involved in a community-oriented program for control of rheumatic diseases (COPCORD) study in Colombia, using EQ-5D-3L for estimating QOL, and the health assessment questionnaire disability index (HAQ-DI) for functional capacity. Results: Out of the total 4020 individuals evaluated, 2274 had rheumatic diseases, 642 had non-rheumatic diseases, and 1104 were healthy subjects. Spondyloarthritis (SpA) and rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients had more complaints regarding pain/discomfort and mobility. As for daily activities, the diseases that mostly affected them were systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and RA. RA and fibromyalgia (FM) patients had the worst scores as regards anxiety/depression and self-care dimensions. FM patients had the lowest QOL measured by EQ-VAS (57.7 ± 26.2). The most frequent non-rheumatic diseases were cardiovascular and mental disorders, with 20% of these patients having a moderate level of pain/discomfort and anxiety/depression. The rheumatic patients reported a decrease in functional capacity (HAQ: 0.49), in contrast to the healthy population (0.01), and the population having other diseases (0.06). Conclusion: Rheumatic disease patients in Colombia had the worst QOL compared to the healthy population and patients with other comorbidities. Rheumatic patients had greater functional limitations, even more so when having comorbidities. This study revealed potential factors of interest requiring the attention of public health authorities, and for improving patients’ QOL. ER  - 
Correlation of seizure duration to anesthetic dosage in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been performed under general anesthesia with muscle relaxants in psychotic patients by stimulating the brain with an electrical current. Objective: To focus on the correlation between the anesthetic dosage and the seizure duration in successive therapeutic course. Materials and Methods: The present report was a retrospective study. After standard monitoring and pre-oxygenating with 100% oxygen, patients were administered with sodium thiopental 2 to 4 mg/kg and succinylcholine 0.5 to 1.0 mg/kg intravenously. Then psychiatrists discharged an amount of electricity as small as possible to trigger patients up to the therapeutic convulsion. The anesthetic dosage, the electrical current, and the seizure duration were recorded. Results: One hundred thirty patients were included in the present study. The average dosage of sodium thiopental and succinylcholine in 6-session ECT were 2.6 to 2.7 mg/kg and 0.9 to 1 mg/kg respectively. These anesthetics as well as the electrical current showed significant increase (p=0.001). However, the seizure duration as evidenced by electroencephalogram appeared to decrease significantly (p=0.001) through the electroconvulsive course. Moreover, sodium thiopental showed a negative correlation coefficient that slightly related to the seizure duration; whereas, succinylcholine showed a positive, moderate relationship. Conclusion: Along the electroconvulsive course, the seizure duration correlated inversely with the anesthetic dosage. The dosages of sodium thiopental and succinylcholine were increased significantly; however, the seizure duration showed clinically decrease. ER  - 
Modelling and treating GRIN2A developmental and epileptic encephalopathy in mice$$$ NMDA receptors play crucial roles in excitatory synaptic transmission. Rare variants in GRIN2A encoding the GluN2A subunit are associated with a spectrum of disorders, ranging from mild speech and language delay to intractable neurodevelopmental disorders, including but not limited to developmental and epileptic encephalopathy. A de novo missense variant, p.Ser644Gly, was identified in a child with this disorder, and Grin2a knock-in mice were generated to model and extend understanding of this intractable childhood disease. Homozygous and heterozygous mutant mice exhibited altered hippocampal morphology at 2 weeks of age, and all homozygotes exhibited lethal tonic-clonic seizures by mid-third week. Heterozygous adults displayed susceptibility to induced generalized seizures, hyperactivity, repetitive and reduced anxiety behaviours, plus several unexpected features, including significant resistance to electrically-induced limbic seizures and to pentylenetetrazole induced tonic-clonic seizures. Multielectrode recordings of neuronal networks revealed hyperexcitability and altered bursting and synchronicity. In heterologous cells, mutant receptors had enhanced NMDA receptor agonist potency and slow deactivation following rapid removal of glutamate, as occurs at synapses. NMDA receptor-mediated synaptic currents in heterozygous hippocampal slices also showed a prolonged deactivation time course. Standard anti-epileptic drug monotherapy was ineffective in the patient. Introduction of NMDA receptor antagonists was correlated with a decrease in seizure burden. Chronic treatment of homozygous mouse pups with NMDA receptor antagonists significantly delayed the onset of lethal seizures but did not prevent them. These studies illustrate the power of using multiple experimental modalities to model and test therapies for severe neurodevelopmental disorders, while revealing significant biological complexities associated with GRIN2A developmental and epileptic encephalopathy. ER  - 
Neuropsychological Alterations in Narcolepsy with Cataplexy and the Expression of Cognitive Deficits$$$ OBJECTIVES: The objective of our study was to assess attention processes and executive function in patients with narcolepsy with cataplexy (NT1). To do so, we compared the results with those of a control group from the general population using an extensive neuropsychological test battery. METHODS: We studied 28 patients with NT1 and 28 healthy control participants matched for age, gender, and educational level. They all completed questionnaires on sleepiness, anxiety, and depression symptoms. In addition, they underwent neuropsychological tests. The ability to maintain attention was assessed using three computer tasks with different levels of complexity. RESULTS: Patients had significantly more daytime sleepiness than controls. A significant negative correlation between depression and disease duration was found in NT1 patients. The results of the anxiety questionnaire correlated with the presence of sleep paralysis. There were significant differences in information processing speed subtasks. Patients made significantly more omissions and generally reacted slower and more variably than controls in computerized tasks. As for executive function, patients performed worse in phonologic fluency tasks than controls. However, when the influence of processing speed on fluency tasks was statistically controlled, part of this significant difference disappeared. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that the negative correlation between depression and disease duration probably reflects progressive adaptation to the functional burden of the disease. Information processing speed plays a fundamental role in the expression of cognitive deficits. We emphasized the need to control the influence of processing speed and sustained attention in the neuropsychological assessment of NT1 patients. ER  - 
Mental Health and Psychosocial Problems of Medical Health Workers during the COVID-19 Epidemic in China$$$ Objective: We explored whether medical health workers had more psychosocial problems than nonmedical health workers during the COVID-19 outbreak. Methods: An online survey was run from February 19 to March 6, 2020; a total of 2,182 Chinese subjects participated. Mental health variables were assessed via the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), the Symptom Check List-revised (SCL-90-R), and the Patient Health Questionnaire-4 (PHQ-4), which included a 2-item anxiety scale and a 2-item depression scale (PHQ-2). Results: Compared with nonmedical health workers (n = 1,255), medical health workers (n = 927) had a higher prevalence of insomnia (38.4 vs. 30.5%, p < 0.01), anxiety (13.0 vs. 8.5%, p < 0.01), depression (12.2 vs. 9.5%; p< 0.04), somatization (1.6 vs. 0.4%; p < 0.01), and obsessive-compulsive symptoms (5.3 vs. 2.2%; p < 0.01). They also had higher total scores of ISI, GAD-2, PHQ-2, and SCL-90-R obsessive-compulsive symptoms (p ≤ 0.01). Among medical health workers, having organic disease was an independent factor for insomnia, anxiety, depression, somatization, and obsessive-compulsive symptoms (p < 0.05 or 0.01). Living in rural areas, being female, and being at risk of contact with COVID-19 patients were the most common risk factors for insomnia, anxiety, obsessive-compulsive symptoms, and depression (p < 0.01 or 0.05). Among nonmedical health workers, having organic disease was a risk factor for insomnia, depression, and obsessive-compulsive symptoms (p < 0.01 or 0.05). Conclusions: During the COVID-19 outbreak, medical health workers had psychosocial problems and risk factors for developing them. They were in need of attention and recovery programs. ER  - 
Depression and quality of life after cerebral venous sinus thrombosis$$$ Introduction: Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) is an important cause of stroke in young and has a favorable outcome. Long-term sequelae of CVST include motor disability, cognitive impairment, depression, anxiety, fatigue, impaired employment and poor quality of life. Objective: To evaluate depression and quality of life after CVST. Methods: Patients who completed at least 1 year after discharge were recruited for this cross-sectional observational study from our CVST cohort. Quality of life was assessed using Stroke-Adapted Sickness Impact Profile (SA-SIP 30) and depression using Hamilton Depression scale (HAM-D). Results: A total of 100 patients (60 men and 40 women) were included in the study. Their age ranged from 14 to 60 years (34.97 ± 10.06). The interval from discharge to assessment of quality of life was 2.2 ± 1.6 years. In all, 98% of patients had good modified Rankin score at follow-up. SA-SIP 30 did not reveal any functional disability for physical functioning. Seven had impairment for psychosocial domain despite having good modified Rankin scores. Thirty patients had depression. Patients with higher mRS at discharge had increased presence of depression. Quality-of-life scores did not correlate with presence of seizure, headache, infarction and sinuses involved. Conclusion: This is the first Indian study demonstrating depression in patients with CVST and use of SA-SIP to assess quality of life in them. Occurrence of depression in CVST is as high as in arterial strokes. ER  - 
Study of Sexual Dysfunction in People Living with Epilepsy at a Tertiary Care Center of South India$$$ Background: The people living with epilepsy (PWE) have a higher prevalence of sexual dysfunction (sexual dysfunction) as compared to the general population. About 20-66% of the PWE develop sexual dysfunction. In spite of being so common, it is still an underdiagnosed co-morbidity in epilepsy patients. Purpose: To estimate the proportion of sexual dysfunction among PWE, and determine the associated demographic and clinical factors. Material and Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted at an Epilepsy clinic of a tertiary care hospital located in South India, from March 2017 to May 2017. The PWE satisfying the inclusion criteria were given Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire (CSFQ), Patient Health Questionnaire 9 (PHQ-9) and Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 questionnaire (GAD-7). The demographic and clinical details were recorded. We estimated the proportion of sexual dysfunction, depression and anxiety and other factors associated with sexual dysfunction. Results: After screening 3225 PWE, 108 patients were recruited. Sixtyfive (60.2%) PWE had sexual dysfunction, 64 (59.3%) had depression and 63 (58.3%) had anxiety. The sexual dysfunction had a significant association with depression (P = 0.01) and anxiety (0.04). Patients receiving sodium valproate had significantly lower rates of sexual dysfunction (P = 0.007). Other factors like seizure type, seizure frequency, enzyme inducer drugs and poly-therapy were not associated with Sexual dysfunction. Conclusions: We found Sexual dysfunction in 60% of the PWE in our setting. The proportion of depression and anxiety was 59.3% and 58.3% respectively. The depression, anxiety, and low-valproate use were significantly associated with sexual dysfunction. ER  - 
Nonepileptic, Stereotypical, and Intermittent Symptoms (NESIS) in Patients with Subdural Hematoma: Proposal for a New Clinical Entity with Therapeutic and Prognostic Implications$$$ BACKGROUND: Transient neurological symptoms (TNS) are frequent in patients with subdural hematomas (SDH) and many will receive a diagnosis of epilepsy despite a negative workup. OBJECTIVE: To explore if patients with TNS and a negative epilepsy workup (cases) evolved differently than those with a positive EEG (controls), which would suggest the existence of alternative etiologies for TNS. METHODS: We performed a single-center, retrospective, case-control study of patients with TNS post-SDH. The demographics and clinical and semiological features of cases and controls were compared. The outcome and response to antiepileptic drugs were also assessed and a scoring system developed to predict negative EEG. RESULTS: Fifty-nine patients with SDH-Associated TNS were included (39 cases and 20 controls). Demographic characteristics were comparable in both groups. Dysphasia and prolonged episodes were associated with a negative EEG. Clonic movements, impaired awareness, positive symptomatology, complete response to antiepileptic drugs, and mortality were associated with a positive EEG. Using semiological variables, we created a scoring system with a 96.6% sensitivity and 100% specificity in predicting case group patients. The differences observed between both groups support the existence of an alternative etiology to seizures in our case group. We propose the term NESIS (NonEpileptic, Stereotypical, and Intermittent Symptoms) to refer to this subgroup and hypothesize that TNS in these patients might result from cortical spreading depolarization. CONCLUSION: We describe NESIS as a syndrome experienced by SDH patients with specific prognostic and therapeutic implications. Independent validation of this new entity is now required. ER  - 
Machine learning analysis of surface electromyography for differentiation between non-tonic clonic epileptic seizures from activities of daily living$$$ Introduction: Surface electromyography (sEMG) has been used in recent studies for detection of generalized tonic-clonic (TC) seizures and differentiation between epileptic seizures (ES) and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). These efforts were aimed at using a wearable sEMG device (SPEAC® System, Brain Sentinel, Inc.) for identifying ES in a hospital or home setting. A limitation of these studies in assessing the possible utility in the home was that only events determined as ES or PNES by epileptologist review of vEEG were evaluated. Activities that might elicit a false alarm in the home should be tested. The objective of this study was to use sEMG to differentiate ES from activities of daily living (ADLs) using data collected from a wearable surface electromyography recording (sEMG) system. Specifically, non-TC ES were evaluated since they are the more difficult to differentiate from normal behavior. A machine learning approach was used to provide a less biased and more advanced differentiation assessment. Methods: During previous studies, sEMG from 37 non-TC ES were collected from EMUs from 3 Veteran's Affairs hospitals and 1 Austrian hospital and retrospectively evaluated. Seizures were verified by committee approach by three epileptologists' review of vEEG. Additionally, 30 events containing ADLs (teeth brushing, vacuuming, weight shaking, pushups) were collected using sEMG and evaluated. 24 features related to output from continuous wavelet-transforms and amplitude-based burst analysis details were initially extracted for differentiation. The Classification Learner tool from MATLAB 2019a was used to reduce the relevant feature set and create a classification model. Five-fold cross validation of 55 events were used for training, while 12 events (6 of each ES and ADLs) were isolated and used for testing. Results: The best model for differentiation was the k-nearest neighbor (k-NN) model using 1 neighbor and Euclidian distance. The training model resulted in an 86% accuracy, and the isolated test group had a 75% accuracy. Conclusion: Machine learning may assist in differentiation of non-TC ES and ADLs using sEMG data alone. Work will be completed to improve the extraction techniques of the most pertinent features and apply results from a more advanced and optimized machine learning technique on a new independent test group. ER  - 
Cortical spreading convulsion captured on scalp electroencephalography during migraine visual aura$$$ Introduction: Cortical spreading depression (CSD) is an electrophysiological phenomenon characterized by a slow triphasic depolarization wave within the gray matter that, once initiated by a sufficiently strong stimulus, propagates across the cerebral cortex regardless of functional and anatomical organization. Although representative of depolarization, CSD quickly depresses brain function by transiently abolishing all spontaneous and evoked electrographic activity. As currently understood, the electrophysiological signature of CSD is a triphasic shift of the slow moving potential that reflects sustained intracellular depolarization. After its original discovery in the 1940s by Leão, CSD has been widely presumed to be the underlying mechanism of the migraine aura. This presumption is supported by substantial evidence from animal studies, the corresponding speed of CSD and estimated speed of migraine aura on the neocortical surface, and neuroimaging studies. Spreading depression can be captured using a DC-coupled amplifier to show the slow voltage fluctuation with a triphasic pattern. Using an AC-coupled amplifier, as is commonly used in clinical EEG devices, attenuation or disappearance of the cerebral rhythms is seen. Since the discovery of CSD, a rare and interesting phenomenon named spreading convulsion (SC), which arises often from additional electrical stimulation during the sustained depolarization phase of CSD, has been described in both animals and humans. Spreading convulsion may trigger a run of epileptic field potentials. In principle, SC is theoretically detectable on a scalp EEG study, but has never been reported. Here, we report a unique patient who presented with clinical features consistent with classic migraine and exhibited an atypical sustained visual aura (VA) with concomitant EEG findings that are probably due to SC. Case Report/Case History: A 53-year-old right-handed man with a past medical history of hypertension and diabetes mellitus presented with complaints of new-onset visual changes accompanied by unremitting headache occurring multiple times a day for four days. Each episode started with visual changes he described as multicolored red, green, and yellow circular objects appearing in his lower right visual field which were followed consistently by a worsening left occipital headache. His visual symptoms lasted up to four minutes and were consistent in shape and colors across all episodes. He endorsed that the headaches were of a throbbing quality with an intensity of 7 out of 10 and was often associated with mild nausea and photophobia. He remained fully alert and awake during these paroxysmal spells and was able to function normally. His vital signs, physical exam, neurological exam, and ophthalmological exam were normal. Routine laboratory testing and a structural brain magnetic resonance imaging with contrast detected no abnormalities. In view of the positive visual phenomena and concern for seizure activity, a routine 40-minute EEG was obtained, which captured three of the patient's typical episodes. Each episode lasted approximately 3-4 minutes during which abnormal lateralized activity consisting of rhythmic slow waves intermixed with disorganized positive and biphasic sharp waves was observed over the bilateral, left greater than right, occipital, parietal and temporal scalp electrodes (Figure 1). There was no clear evolution in frequency, amplitude, or distribution of the electrographic pattern distinguishing the aforementioned activity from a focal epileptic seizure. The clinical picture and electrographic findings were most consistent with migraine VA caused by SC. As such, he was treated with topiramate 50 milligrams twice a day and discharged home the following day. At the threemonth follow-up visit, the patient reported marked improvement in headache frequency and near complete resolution of his visual symptoms. The EEG was performed using a 21-channel Nihon Kohden machine utilizing the International 10-20 electrode placement system. Conclusion: Approximately one-third of people suffering from migraine experience a variety of transient recurrent focal neurological symptoms which are collectively termed aura. Typical migraine auras are characterized by gradual development, duration of less than one hour, and complete reversibility that either precedes or accompanies the onset of headache. Visual aura is by far the most common type of aura and positive visual symptoms such as flashing lights are more common than negative ones. Other manifestations of positive visual phenomena include enlarging and moving crescent shape scotoma with zigzag lines on the leading edge, phosphenes, fortification spectra, sparkles, and dots in the visual field. Visual auras can also occur in focal epilepsy making accurate diagnosis challenging if they are associated with headaches concurrently. Epileptic seizures may even be triggered by migrainous VA, a phenomenon called “ migralepsy. ” Since this term was first used in 1960 by Lennox, there have been only a few case reports described in the literature providing insufficient evidence of its existence, and is not recognized as a discrete entity in the current classifications of the International League Against Epilepsy. Hartl et al. conducted a retrospective study to compare the characteristics of VA in 27 epilepsy patients and 27 age-matched migraine patients. The best predictive parameters for an epileptic VA included the absence of accompanying symptoms such as nausea, vomiting, photophobia, phonophobia, and headache in addition to a much shorter duration compared to migraine VA (median: 56 sec vs 20 min). This provides further support that the prolonged VA in our patient was likely due to a migraine phenomenon caused by SC rather than focal epilepsy. Although the relationship between migraine and epilepsy remains complex and poorly characterized, conversion of CSD into SC could be the connecting point between these disorders. Whieldon and Van Harrevald in 1950 first described the term “ spreading convulsion” to distinguish it from CSD. They recorded epileptic field potentials during the period where spreading depression of activity was originally seen. Using monopolar subdural recordings, Dreier et al. reported SC in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage in vivo and in neocortical slices from patients with intractable temporal lobe epilepsy in vitro. The ictal epileptic field potentials underlying SC were characterized by spike, polyspike and wave activity, and more rarely by rhythmic sharp waves. Such spreading convulsions are assumed to result from longer cellular depolarizations, and it has been suggested that delayed restoration of inhibitory interneurons may contribute to its mechanism. Additionally, the sustained depolarization underlying ictal epileptic field potentials remains below the inactivation threshold for the action potential-generating channels allowing for synchronous and frequent firing of the neurons. Although a variety of electroencephalographic abnormalities have been described in patients with migraine, the majority of these studies refer to EEG studies obtained during asymptomatic phase. The literature highlights the presence of alpha rhythm suppression in the occipital regions contralateral to the affected hemifield associated with an increase of delta activity on the posterior regions as the main EEG abnormality reported during attacks of migraine with aura. Pisani et al. observed focal deltatheta activity over the occipital, temporal, or parieto-occipital regions, contralateral to the symptomatic eye involved during the aura, during acute attack of headache in seven adolescent migrainers with VA. They did not report any epileptiform transients during migraine, nor did they observe EEG abnormalities during the interictal phase. Over the past two decades, several studies have attempted to assess the role of CSD in the pathophysiology of acute brain injury in humans as well as to investigate the possibility of identifying CSD using noninvasive scalp EEG recording. However, CSD and SC have never been definitively demonstrated on scalp EEG in conjunction with migraine aura in humans. The frequency of the slow voltage fluctuation in CSD is below the detection range of most clinical EEG devices, which is almost exclusively AC-coupled. For SC, it may be that surface EEG recording has limited sensitivity and spatial resolution to detect SC in a relatively small area of cortex. ER  - 
Effects of lunar phase and climate factors on frequency of non-epileptic seizures$$$ a retrospective study; Introduction: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) can mimic epileptic seizures, but in contrast to the latter, are not associated with physiological CNS dysfunction. Missing the diagnosis of PNES may result in unnecessary treatment with antiepileptic medications with unwanted side effects. Videoelectroencephalography (vEEG), the gold standard diagnostic test for PNES, should be performed in all suspected patients. The notion of the effects of lunar cycle on seizure occurrence in patients with PNES has been scarcely studied with mixed results. Furthermore, effects of climate factors on frequency of nonepileptic seizures are not well understood. As such, we aimed to study the influence of lunar phase and climate on the frequency of non-epileptic seizures. Methods: The vEEG report of all patients aged 18-89 year-old admitted to the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) at Upstate Medical University from October 2014 to March 2016 was reviewed. Patients with a discharge diagnosis of PNES were included in the study. Patients with mixed epileptic and non-epileptic seizures were excluded. Non-epileptic events, based on their semiology, were categorized as hypermotor (violent and disorganized movements of the extremities, pelvic thrusting, or head movements), hypomotor (altered responsiveness associated with either mild motor or trembling-like activities), or altered sensorium (subjective report of symptoms without impaired consciousness). All seizure occurrences were divided into the four quarters of the lunar cycle for statistical analysis. Events were further analyzed based on various climate factors including ambient temperature and barometric pressure. Results: A total of 50 consecutive patients who met the criteria were included in the study. Among the included patients, 197 individual seizures were recorded. Patient characteristics and baseline vEEG data are summarized in Table 1. Among the reviewed seizures, 44.2% were hypomotor, 34.5% hypermotor, and 21.3% altered sensorium. Total number of seizures in each day showed a weak but statistically significant correlation with the mean daily temperature [Correlation coefficient (CC) = 0.220, P = 0.029]. When broken up for each type of seizure, the correlation remained statistically significant only for hypermotor seizures (CC = 0.250, P = 0.046). A slightly stronger reverse correlation was observed between the incidence of hypermotor seizures and barometric pressure (CC =-20.324, P = 0.046). Incidence of different seizure types in each lunar phase is plotted in Figure 1. There was a significant increase in overall seizure frequency in lunar first quarter (P < 0.001). This difference was mainly accounted for by hypermotor (P < 0.001) and altered sensorium (P < 0.001) seizures as hypomotor seizure occurrence was not found to be different between lunar phases. Conclusion: In patients with PNES, the frequency of hypermotor seizures shows a weak but statistically significant correlation with higher ambient temperatures and slightly stronger and reverse correlation with barometric pressure. Hypermotor and altered sensorium seizures are more prevalent in the first quarter of lunar cycle but our data on hypomotor seizures is not yet conclusive. ER  - 
Long-Term complications and influence on outcome in patients surviving spontaneous subarachnoid hemorrhage$$$ Background: While the short-Term clinical outcome of patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) is well described, there are limited data on long-Term complications and their impact on social reintegration. This study aimed to assess the frequency of complications post-SAH and to investigate whether these complications attribute to functional and self-reported outcomes as well as the ability to return to work in these patients. Methods: This retrospective single-center study included patients with atraumatic SAH over a 5-year period at a tertiary care center. Patients received a clinical follow-up for 12 months. In addition to demographics, imaging data, and parameters of acute treatment, the rate and extent of long-Term complications after SAH were recorded. The functional outcome was assessed using the modified Rankin Scale (mRS; favorable outcome defined as mRS = 0-2). Further outcomes comprised self-reported subjective health measured by the EQ-5D and return to work for SAH patients with appropriate age. Multivariable analyses including in-hospital parameters and long-Term complications were conducted to identify parameters independently associated with outcomes in SAH survivors. Results: This study cohort consisted of 505 SAH patients of whom 405 survived the follow-up period of 12 months (i.e., mortality rate of 19.8%). Outcome data were available in 359/405 (88.6%) patients surviving SAH. At 12 months, a favorable functional outcome was achieved in 287/359 (79.9%) and 145/251 (57.8%) SAH patients returned to work. The rates of post-Acute complications were headache (32.3%), chronic hydrocephalus requiring permanent ventriculoperitoneal shunting (VP shunt 25.4%) and epileptic seizures (9.5%). Despite patient's and clinical characteristics, both presence of epilepsy and need for VP shunt were independently and negatively associated with a favorable functional outcome (epilepsy: Adjusted odds ratio [aOR] (95% confidence interval [95% CI]): 0.125 [0.050-0.315]; VP shunt: 0.279 [0.132-0.588]; both p < 0.001) as well as with return to work (aOR [95% CI]: epilepsy 0.195 [0.065-0.584], p = 0.003; VP shunt 0.412 [0.188-0.903], p = 0.027). Multivariable analyses revealed presence of headache, VP shunt, or epilepsy to be significantly related to subjective health impairment (aOR [95% CI]: headache 0.248 [0.143-0.430]; epilepsy 0.223 [0.085-0.585]; VP shunt 0.434 [0.231-0.816]; all p < 0.01). Conclusions: Long-Term complications occur frequently after SAH and are associated with an impairment of functional and social outcomes. Further studies are warranted to investigate if treatment strategies specifically targeting these complications, including preventive aspects, may improve the outcomes after SAH. ER  - 
Project Uplift: Effects of A Telephone-Based Mindfulness Program on Depressive Symptoms in Hispanic Adults with Epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Depression is a common comorbidity in epilepsy that is associated with mortality, poor seizure control and impaired quality of life. Project UPLIFT is a group-based program developed to reduce depressive symptoms in people with epilepsy (PWE). Informed by principles of mindfulness-based cognitive therapy, UPLIFT incorporates features to address the needs and barriers of PWE (e.g., disease-specific content, telephone delivery). Positive effects have been demonstrated in English-speaking PWE. The NYU Center in the CDC's Managing Epilepsy Well Network translated and culturally adapted UPLIFT for Hispanic PWE and pilot tested the program. Methods: Hispanic PWE with elevated depressive symptoms (n=72) were enrolled from epilepsy clinics at NYU Langone and Bellevue Hospital Center (2016-2018). Participants were randomized to UPLIFT or usual care (UC) and followed for 12 months. UPLIFT was delivered in English or Spanish to groups of 6 participants in 8 weekly 1-hour telephone sessions. The proportion of participants reporting elevated depressive symptoms (mild or greater; PHQ-9≥5) at 8 weeks, 6 months and 12 months was compared between arms. Results: The mean age was 43.3±11.3 years, 70.8% of participants were female, 66.7% were Spanish-speaking and 45.8% had less than a high school education. Mean baseline PHQ-9 scores were similar in the UPLIFT and UC arms (8.1±4.8 vs. 8.7±4.7). Retention rates were 93% at 8 weeks, 90% at 6 months and 86% at 12 months. UPLIFT participants completed a median of 6 out of 8 sessions. Rates of elevated depressive symptoms were lower in the UPLIFT vs. UC arm throughout follow-up (63% vs. 72% at 8 weeks; 40% vs. 70% at 6 months; 47% vs. 70% at 12 months). Generalized estimating equations adjusted for cohort, antidepressant medication use, age and education suggest clinically meaningful differences at 6 months (OR=0.24, 95% CI, 0.06-0.93), which were somewhat reduced at 12 months (OR=0.30, 95% CI, 0.08-1.16). Conclusions: Results suggest that the adapted UPLIFT program is a promising approach for reducing depressive symptoms in Hispanic PWE. Further research is needed to replicate findings in a larger sample and to examine generalizability of the program for Hispanic PWE outside the NYC area. If effective, this scalable intervention has the potential to reach and improve health outcomes in a large, underserved population. ER  - 
Internet claims on the health benefits of cannabis use$$$ BACKGROUND: As cannabis is legalized in the United States, people are likely turning to the internet for information about its potential health benefits. In this study, we characterize internet claims about the health benefits of cannabis use in the lay press and evaluate the evidence base supporting claims. METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional study of a sample of internet claims regarding the health benefits of cannabis use.We extracted information on claims from two different sources on June 15, 2019: (1) We searched Google for “marijuana benefits,” “weed benefits,” and “marijuana health.” Our sample includes the top ten lay webpages from each Google search. Internet links to the scientific literature were not included as the focus of this analysis was to characterize information available in the lay press. (2) We searched Buzzsumo, a social media analyzer tool that calculates online engagement with news articles, which measures an article's engagement by its number of likes, shares, and comments on social media sites. We used the terms: “marijuana benefits OR cannabis benefits OR weed benefits,” and “marijuana health,” restricting our search to articles published in the previous two years. We excluded articles irrelevant to cannabis use, and only included highimpact articles (over 10,000 engagements) because they had the most reach with an online audience. Two reviewers independently reviewed webpages and articles to extract and categorize claims about the health benefits of cannabis use. Two experts (SK, DK) reviewed the literature to determine the validity of each claim based on available trial evidence. Disagreements were resolved by discussion. The evidence was categorized as not true, partly true, true, and unable to assess. RESULTS:We found 467 individual claims regarding the health benefits of cannabis use and defined 81 categories. Of the 81 claim categories in our sample, we identified 80.2%as not true, 8.6% as partly true, and 4.9% as true based on trial evidence; 6.2% were unable to be assessed. Among the 10 most common claims, not true claims related to the efficacy of cannabis for general pain, cancer, anxiety, post-traumatic stress disorder, neuroprotection, and Alzheimer's disease. The remainder of claims among the 10 most common were true (related to chemotherapyinduced nausea/vomiting and to spasticity from multiple sclerosis) and partly true (related to seizures and sleep). CONCLUSIONS: Most internet claims about the health benefits of cannabis use are not true based on available evidence. More clinical trials on cannabis use health outcomes are necessary for patients and clinicians to make informed decisions. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidity and use of psychopharmacology treatments in adults with autism spectrum disorder (ASD).$$$ Introduction: Prevalence of autism spectrum disorders (ASD) has increased in recent years. The literature shows a high psychiatric comorbidity and use of psychopharmaceuticals although they tend to tolerate them worse than the rest of the population. Objectives: The main aim of this study is to investigate comorbidity and prescription of psychoactive drugs in outpatient adults with ASD. Methods: Observational-retrospective study based on the review of outpatients clinical history of adults with ASD attended from September 2017 to September 2018, at Parc Tauli University Hospital in Sabadell (Barcelona). Results: In our sample we find 77 patients (72.7% men). Average age is 27.40 years. We found comorbidity anxiety-depressive disorder (36.3%), and ADHD (31.2%). 85.71% (66) receive pharmacological treatment (60 receive 2 or more medicaments). Most common treatments are: antidepressants (51), antipsychotics (39), antiepileptic / mood stabilized (11), benzodiazepines (21), stimulants (7) and others (4). Half of the sample have II-III severity according to the DSM-5 criteria and 23.4% have recognized intellectual disability. Finally, up to 85% of the patients live with their families, and only 25% carry out paid work activities. Conclusions: Adults with ASD are more likely to have a psychiatric disorder than general population. The most prevalent being ADHD, depression and anxiety disorders Most adults with ASD receive antidepressant treatment, followed by antipsychotic therapy. Fluoxetine and risperidone have the highest evidence of the limited literature available. Despite the low prevalence of intellectual disability, it is clear that this population has high social dependence, low functionality and low autonomy. ER  - 
Alcohol-related seizures: A heterogeneous entity$$$ Introduction: Alcohol-related seizures are usually attributed to alcohol-withdrawal. However, previous studies have documented an association between alcoholism and epilepsy. Several mechanisms underlying alcoholic epilepsy have been proposed (neurochemical and electrophysiologic 'kindling', cortical atrophy) leading to a gradual decrease in convulsive threshold, through at least one decade, eventually culminating in spontaneous seizures. Objectives: Characterization of alcoholic epilepsy regarding epidemiologic, clinical, neuroimagiologic and electroencephalografic (EEG) data, in comparison to alcohol-withdrawal seizures. Methods: Retrospective analysis of alcohol-dependent patients with seizures admitted in our ward, from January to December 2018. Exclusion criteria: previous diagnosis of idiopathic or secondary epilepsy. Patients were divided into two groups: 1) alcoholwithdrawal seizures; 2) alcoholic epilepsy, whose diagnosis was made upon clinical grounds (seizures unrelated to alcoholwithdrawal, ruling out metabolic/ionic disturbances). Results: From a total of 178 patients, 7 were excluded. Five out of the 171 patients (2.9%) had alcohol-withdrawal seizures and 2/171 patients (1.2%) had alcoholic epilepsy. Both groups presented tonic-clonic seizures and did not significantly differed in age-ofonset, consumption duration or EEG. Nonetheless, we found a more pronounced brain atrophy pattern in group 2; and in group 1 the two patients with longer consumption (24 and 37 years) also displayed a generalized cortical atrophy. Conclusions: These preliminary results show a consistent finding of brain atrophy in correlationwith consumption duration.Nevertheless, we must consider that it does not reflect the precise cumulative burden of alcohol consumption. Beside this dose-relationship factor, neurobiological factors underlying an interindividual vulnerability to epileptogenesis in alcoholism are so far not fully understood. ER  - 
Non-epileptic seizure disorder in children$$$ Clinical and demographic predictors; Introduction: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are paroxysmal, time-limited impairment of motor-sensory control with alterations in behaviour and consciousness. The estimated prevalence of PNES is 2 to 33 per 100,000 but the epidemiology is less studied in children and adolescents. PNES have been conceptualised as; dissociative phenomena or defensive mechanism to insulate against emotional difficulties; a 'hardwired' motor or defensive reflex; a learned and modelled behaviour which is further maintained by reinforcement; a disruption of cognitive control and functions. However, PNES are etiologically and experientially heterogeneous. Objectives: This study aims to examine the clinical and psychosocial profile of paediatric PNES patients, gender-related differences, subtype of somatic symptoms and healthcare utilisation rates. Methods: This was a retrospective case series in a national specialist paediatric liaison psychiatry department over 3 years. Clinical notes were assessed along with application of CAPA Life Events Scale subscale of the Child and Adolescent Psychiatric Assessment and Child & Adolescent Self-harm in Europe (CASE) Study questionnaire comprising categories of lifetime experience. Results: 36 patients were included. Mean age of onset was earlier for males (10.3 vs. 13.6 years, p>0.05). Self-harm were only observed in females, and they were more likely to report bullying (p=0.036). Parental separation was the most common life stressor (24.0%) Comorbid epilepsy predicted psychiatric co-morbidity (p=0.035). 39% were diagnosed more than 12 months after PNES onset, 61% had a psychiatric comorbidity and 58.2% had other medically unexplained symptoms. (52.8% chronic pain). 94% patients developed illness in autumn/spring school term. Conclusions: Children with PNES have long delays to diagnosis, significant psychiatric morbidity and psychosocial stress. Better understanding by clinicians may improve treatment and prognosis. ER  - 
Cannabidiol and cocaine: A positive pharmacodynamic interaction?$$$ Introduction: Cocaine dependence continues to be a serious health problem worldwide. Cannabidiol (CBD) is a U.S. and in other countries approved for the treatment of epilepsy and recently was reported to have therapeutic potential for other disorders [1]. Here we systemically evaluated its potential utility for the treatment of cocaine addiction and explored the underlying receptor mechanisms [1,2]. Objectives: In the present work, we underlie the actions of CBD on the effects of stimulant drugs, in particular on cocaine. Methods: We conducted a systematic literature review with the principal scientific databases (PubMed, Embase, PsychInfo) using the key terms 'Cannabidiol', 'Cocaine', 'Addiction'and 'Pharmadynamic'. We present a case report. Results: During the period of an hospitalization (30 day long) we oberve a progressive slow plamatic levels of cocaine duringe the use of cannabidiol, with a reduction of withdrawal symptoms due to cocaine. The plasmatic level of cocaine at the entrance was 4619 ng/mL, at 15th day was 2550 ng/mL and at the dimission was 0 ng/mL. Conclusions: Observational studies suggest that CBD may reduce problems related with crack-cocaine addiction, such as withdrawal symptoms, craving, impulsivity and paranoia [3]. In our case report we observe the progressive reduction of the plasmatic level of cannabidiol, due to the pharmacodynamic liver interaction, with a positive attenuation and resolution of cocaine's withdrawal symptoms. Further, preclinical studies and future clinical trials are necessary to fully evaluate the potential of CBD as an intervention for cocaine. addictive disorders. ER  - 
The effect of multidrug exposure on neurological manifestations in carbamazepine intoxication: A nested case-control study$$$ Background: In acute intoxication, carbamazepine concentration above 40 mcg/ml is associated with a risk of severe neurological consequences, including depressed consciousness, respiratory depression, cardiac conduction disorders, seizures, and death. Carbamazepine intoxication is often associated with the use of concomitant medications. However, the effect of exposure to other central-nervous-system (CNS) acting medications on the neurological manifestations of carbamazepine toxicity has not been evaluated. Objective: To examine the effect of exposure to CNS-acting medications on the neurological effects of carbamazepine toxicity. Methods: A retrospective nested case-control study of all patients > 18 years of age, with at least one test of carbamazepine levels > 18 mcg/ml recorded at the Hadassah Hospital Central Laboratory, between the years 2004-2016. Sociodemographic and clinical data were collected from the computerized medical records, and the characteristics of patients with and without severe neurological symptoms of carbamazepine intoxication were compared. Results: Eighty patients were identified. In bivariate analyses, the odds of severe neurological symptoms was higher in patients with antidepressants use (odds ratio 8.7, 95% confidence interval: 1.8-41.2, p = 0.007), benzodiazepines use (8.6, 2.0-37.1, p = 0.004), and carbamazepine concentration above 30 mcg/ml (8.1, 1.9-33.3, p = 0.004). Multivariate models demonstrated that antidepressants and benzodiazepines were associated with severe neurological manifestations during carbamazepine intoxication, independently of carbamazepine concentration over 30 mcg/ml. ICU admission was associated in multivariate analysis with antidepressants (but not benzodiazepines) use, and with carbamazepine levels > 30 mcg/ml. Conclusions: Among patients with carbamazepine intoxication, severe neurological symptoms are associated with exposure to benzodiazepines or antidepressants and with carbamazepine levels higher than 30 mcg/ml. ER  - 
Depression in children with epilepsy from western China: A cross-sectional survey$$$ This study investigated the prevalence of depression among children with epilepsy and evaluated factors associated with depression.Participants who met the selection criteria were included in this cross-sectional study, which was conducted at the Pediatric Neurology Department of the West China Women's and Children's Hospital from January to May 2018. Depression status among children with epilepsy was evaluated by the Depression Self-Rating Scale for Children (DSRSC). Information on sociodemographic characteristics, co-morbid diseases and family conditions were collected as independent variables. Variables found in univariate analysis to affect depression were used in a multiple linear regression model on factors related to depression among children with epilepsy.A total of 124 patients participated in the study, with a response rate of 93.9% (124/132). In this sample, 60.5% (75/124) of patients were male and the mean age of patients was 11.17 ± 2.29 years. The mean score on the DSRSC was 9.65 ± 6.45 and 16.9% (21/124) of children with epilepsy were considered to have depression. According to the multiple linear regression analysis, the DSRSC scores showed a significant correlation with comorbidities (B = 0.178; standard error (SE) = 1.123; P = .043), attitude towards seizures (B = -0.180; SE = 1.171; P = .039) and adverse reaction to medications (B = 0.233; SE = 1.797; P = .008).There is relatively high prevalence of depression in children with epilepsy in western China. More health education is needed to reduce the rate of depression in children with epilepsy, particularly for those patients with comorbidities, negative attitudes towards seizures and adverse reactions to medications. ER  - 
A review of prostate cancer treatment impact on the CNS and cognitive function$$$ Background: Androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) is the backbone of systemic therapy for men with prostate cancer (PC); almost one-half of patients receive treatment during their disease course. However, a range of cognitive and other central nervous system (CNS) changes have been associated with ADT. In this review, we discuss extant data describing these complications and the mechanisms through which medications used to deliver ADT may affect them. Methods: We performed a MEDLINE search for appropriate papers published between January 2000 and December 2018. Relevant papers were selected and reviewed; additional publications were identified by manually assessing references from included papers, and recent congress abstracts. Results: Of ~230 search outputs, 33 were selected for inclusion. Some studies suggested a clear association between ADT and CNS effects in men with PC, whereas others did not. Accurate assessment is limited by test instrument variability, inadequate sample sizes, short follow-up duration, and limited prospective longitudinal studies. The approved second-generation androgen receptor (AR) inhibitors enzalutamide and apalutamide were associated with some CNS-related adverse events (AEs) in clinical studies, including fatigue (which can interfere with cognitive function). The androgen synthesis inhibitor abiraterone acetate was associated with a low CNS AE profile when compared with enzalutamide. The AR antagonist darolutamide demonstrated a comparable incidence of cognitive disorder in clinical trials to that of ADT alone. Conclusions: Adequately caring for men receiving ADT requires an understanding of the symptoms, incidence and magnitude of cognitive effects, and a feasible approach to cognitive assessment and management in clinical settings. Some CNS effects could relate to blood–brain barrier penetration and direct AR inhibitor activity; drug safety profiles may differ by the degree of blood–brain barrier penetration of particular agents. Ongoing clinical trials seek to define the CNS tolerability of newer AR pathway-targeted therapy options more clearly. ER  - 
FDG-PET assessment and metabolic patterns in Lafora disease$$$ Purpose: To describe cerebral glucose metabolism pattern as assessed by 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) in Lafora disease (LD), a rare, lethal form of progressive myoclonus epilepsy caused by biallelic mutations in EPM2A or NHLRC1. Methods: We retrospectively included patients with genetically confirmed LD who underwent FDG-PET scan referred to three Italian epilepsy centers. FDG-PET images were evaluated both visually and using SPM12 software. Subgroup analysis was performed on the basis of genetic and clinical features employing SPM. Moreover, we performed a systematic literature review of LD cases that underwent FDG-PET assessment. Results: Eight Italian patients (3M/5F, 3 EPM2A/5 NHLRC1) underwent FDG-PET examination after a mean of 6 years from disease onset (range 1–12 years). All patients showed bilateral hypometabolic areas, more diffuse and pronounced in advanced disease stages. Most frequently, the hypometabolic regions were the temporal (8/8), parietal (7/8), and frontal lobes (7/8), as well as the thalamus (6/8). In three cases, the FDG-PET repeated after a mean of 17 months (range 7–36 months) showed a metabolic worsening compared with the baseline examination. The SPM subgroup analysis found no significant differences based on genetics, whereas it showed a more significant temporoparietal hypometabolism in patients with visual symptoms compared with those without. In nine additional cases identified from eight publications, FDG-PET showed heterogeneous findings, ranging from diffusely decreased cerebral glucose metabolism to unremarkable examinations in two cases. Conclusions: FDG-PET seems highly sensitive to evaluate LD at any stage and may correlate with disease progression. Areas of decreased glucose metabolism in LD are extensive, often involving multiple cortical and subcortical regions, with thalamus, temporal, frontal, and parietal lobes being the most severely affected. Prospective longitudinal collaborative studies are needed to validate our findings. ER  - 
Rheumatoid meningitis a rare extra-articular manifestation of rheumatoid arthritis: Report of 6 cases and literature review$$$ Objectives. Central neurological manifestations of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) like rheumatoid meningitis (RM) are rare, little known and have a high rate of morbi-mortality. METHODS. We described six cases of RM that were directly related to RA activity after exhaustive assessment. RESULTS. They were mainly women, aged of 50 to 69. All were positive for anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibodies and half for rheumatoid factors. RA activity, duration, and treatments were heterogeneous including oral steroids, conventional synthetic disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) and biologic DMARDs. Symptoms were various, with acute or progressive beginning; main were: generalized or focal seizure (4/6), fever (3/6), headaches (3/6), and frontal syndrome (2/6). Imaging lesions were four leptomeningitis, one pachymeningitis, and one association of both. MRI usually showed hypersignal in various territories in T2-FLAIR (fluid attenuated inversion recovery) mode, and enhancement in T1-weighted mode after gadolinium injection. All patients had lumbar puncture that found sterile cerebrospinal fluid, no neoplasic cell, elevated cell count in 5/6 cases and elevated proteins concentration in 3/6 cases. Cerebral biopsy was possible for three patients, and definitively confirmed the diagnosis of aseptic lepto- or pachymenintis, excluding vasculitis and lymphoma. Different treatments were used like intravenous high dose steroids, immunoglobulins or biologic DMARDs, with variable clinical and imaging outcome: one death, one complete recovery, and four recoveries with sequelae. Conclusions. Clinical symptoms, imaging, lumbar puncture, and serological studies are often nonspecific, only histologic examination can confirm the diagnosis of RM. Any central neurological manifestation in RA patients, even in quiescent and ancient RA, should warn the physician. ER  - 
Comparison of male and female patients in Louisiana medical Marijuana dispensaries$$$ Relatively little is known in terms of patient demographics, indications, previous cannabis use, or the forms and dosages of medical marijuana (MM) dispensed for patients at MM dispensaries. Even less is known in terms of how male and female patients may differ in each of these aspects. The goal of the current study was to examine each of these variables using a retrospective analysis of deidentified patient data from MM dispensaries in Louisiana. Deidentified data were analyzed from web-based pharmacist–patient consultations at MM dispensaries throughout Louisiana. Data were collected during the first 6 months following the initiation of the MM dispensing program in Louisiana. A total of 1195 MM patients (598 male/597 female) were included in the analyses. The average age of the sample was 51.9 years (±14.8) and it was composed primarily of white patients (86.7%). Males and females were nearly identical in terms of average age, race, previous cannabis use, indication profile, and MM recommendations. Differences between males and females were observed in terms of opioid use, history of psychosis, presence of more than one indication, and the duration of previous cannabis use. Our data indicate that, in MM dispensaries of the Deep South state, there are numerous similarities—and some potentially important differences—between male and female MM patients. The importance of these differences, and the importance of continued data collection/analysis, for improving MM dispensing are discussed. ER  - 
A Comparison of the EQ-5D-3L and EQ-5D-5L$$$ Introduction: The EQ-5D-3L (3L) and EQ-5D-5L (5L) are both frequently used measures of health status. Previous studies have found the EQ-5D-5L to have superior measurement properties but no study has compared the two measures in a large general population survey using matched respondents. Methods: Using data from the GP Patient Survey, coarsened exact matching was used to match individuals completing the 3L in 2011 with those completing the 5L in 2012. Measurement properties were assessed for a general population and multimorbid population (chronic conditions ≥ 2), with ceiling effects, informativity and distribution of response compared. Changes in the direction of response, as well as the impact on utility distributions, were quantified. Results: Matching resulted in a cohort of 1,023,218 respondents (2011: 511,609; 2012: 511,609) for analysis. Ceiling effects for the 5L were lower than the 3L (43.8% vs. 54.4%). The 5L had improved informativity and broader spread of responses than the 3L (5L top 50 profiles: 77.4% vs. 3L: 98.8%). Overall, there was an upwards shift in utility values for the 5L versus the 3L as respondents using the 5L reported ill health more frequently but with less severity. Measurement improvements and effects on utility values were more pronounced for the multimorbid population. Conclusion: The 5L had superior measurement properties than the 3L and should be preferred in general population surveys and for use in individuals with multimorbidity. At increasing levels of morbidity, the 5L is currently associated with higher utility values than the 3L. ER  - 
Risk factors leading to mental illness among patients: A retrospective study$$$ Background: Mental disorder is a psychological factor reflected in the behavior, which affect the normal development of a person’s culture. The burden of mental health problems is increasing globally. Most mental disorders are result of a combination of several different factors rather than just a single factor. Knowing the risk factors leading to mental illness, may help in future to reduce the incidences of mental illness by taking possible preventive measures. Aim: The main aim of this study was to determine the risk factors leading to mental illness among patients. Materials and Method: Case control study design with quantitative non experimental descriptive survey approach was used .Mini mental status examination tool was used to select 100 psychiatric patients based on inclusion criteria and 100 general populations to find the odds ratio. Data was collected using a demographic proforma and risk factors assessment check list. Results: In biological, socioeconomic, environmental, psychological and personal factors, the highest value of the odds ratio of risk factors for mental illness is sleep disturbance (16.385), financial problems (3.149), slum area (3.162), feeling of loneliness (13.821) and chronic smoking (16.116) respectively; it is higher among patient with mental illness compared to the general population. Conclusion: Most of the subjects are having one or other risk factors for developing mental illness. Hence we need to take care about risk factors and maintain good lifestyle to promote optimal mental health. ER  - 
Consumption of psychotropic medicines at a referral hospital in namibia: Findings and implications$$$ Setting: In Namibia, the burden of mental illnesses is estimated at 25.6% and is expected to double by 2025. Few studies in sub-Saharan Africa estimate the consumption rates of psychotropic medicines as a proxy of irrational use. Aim: The consumption rate of psychotropic medicines at a referral hospital was determined. Method: A hospital-based retrospective medicine utilization analysis of Facility Electronic Stock Card (FESC) psychotropic medication was conducted at Intermediate Hospital Katutura over a 7 year period, 2011-2017. Data on consumption and expenditure on psychotropic medicines were abstracted from FESC and analysed using descriptive statistics in SPSS v22. The main outcomes were consumption rates, daily Defined Dose, (DDD) and/or expenditure. Results: Of the 580 351,4 DDD of psychotropic medicines consumed, 84% were anti-psychotics, 9.2% anti-depressants and 6.8% anxiolytics. Anti-psychotics (48.8%) and anxiolytics (47.9%) had the highest consumption by cost relative to antidepressants (3.3%). The most consumed antidepressants were imipramine (62%) by DDD and fluoxetine (55.8%) by cost. The most consumed anti-psychotics were chlorpromazine (74.6%) by DDD and haloperidol (68.4%) by cost respectively. Diazepam (79.4%) and hydroxyzine (94.2%) were most consumed sedative-hypnotics by DDD and cost respectively. Conclusion: The consumption of new psychotropics contributes to higher costs. There is need for cost-effectiveness analysis of new versus conventional psychotropics to optimize treatment, outcomes and costs. ER  - 
Examination of potential differences in reporting of sensitive psychosocial measures via diagnostic evaluation using computer video telehealth$$$ Objective: The authors compared baseline characteristics and reporting of psychosocial measures among veterans with seizures who were evaluated in-clinic or remotely via computer video telehealth (CVT). It was hypothesized that the CVT group would report less trauma history, drug use, and comorbid symptoms compared with veterans seen in-clinic. Methods: A cross-sectional design was used to compare 72 veterans diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) or concurrent mixed epilepsy and PNES who were consecutively evaluated by a single clinician at the Providence Veterans Affairs Medical Center (PVAMC) Neu-ropsychiatric Clinic. In-clinic evaluations of veterans were performed at the PVAMC Neuropsychiatric Clinic (N=16), and remote evaluations of veterans referred to the VA National TeleMental Health Center were performed via CVT (N=56). All 72 patients were given comprehensive neuro-psychiatric evaluations by direct interview, medical ex-amination, and medical record review. Veterans’ reporting of trauma and abuse history, drug use, and psychiatric comorbidities was assessed, along with neurologic and psychiatric variables. Results: No significant differences were found between veterans evaluated in-clinic or remotely with regard to baseline characteristics and reporting of potentially sensitive information, including trauma and abuse history, substance use, and comorbid symptoms. Conclusions: Veterans with PNES evaluated via telehealth did not appear to withhold sensitive or personal information compared with those evaluated in-clinic, suggesting that CVT may be a comparable alternative for conducting evaluations. Baseline evaluations are used to determine treatment suitability, and telehealth allows clinicians to gain access to important information that may improve or inform care. ER  - 
Cenobamate (YKP3089) as adjunctive treatment for uncontrolled focal seizures in a large, phase 3, multicenter, open-label safety study$$$ Objective: During the development of cenobamate, an antiseizure medication (ASM) for focal seizures, three cases of drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS) occurred. To mitigate the rate of DRESS, a start-low, go-slow approach was studied in an ongoing, open-label, multicenter study. Also examined were long-term safety of cenobamate and a method for managing the pharmacokinetic interaction between cenobamate, a 2C19 inhibitor, and concomitant phenytoin or phenobarbital. Methods: Patients 18-70 years old with uncontrolled focal seizures taking stable doses of one to three ASMs were enrolled. Cenobamate 12.5 mg/d was initiated and increased at 2-week intervals to 25, 50, 100, 150, and 200 mg/d. Additional biweekly 50 mg/d increases to 400 mg/d were allowed. During titration, patients taking phenytoin or phenobarbital could not have their cenobamate titration rate or other concomitant ASMs adjusted; phenytoin/phenobarbital doses could be decreased by 25%-33%. Results: At data cutoff (median treatment duration = 9 months), 1347 patients were enrolled, of whom 269 (20.0%) discontinued, most commonly due to adverse events (n = 137) and consent withdrawn for reason other than adverse event (n = 74); 1339 patients received ≥1 treatment dose (median modal dose = 200 mg). The most common treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were somnolence (28.1%), dizziness (23.6%), and fatigue (16.6%). Serious TEAEs occurred in 108 patients (8.1%), most commonly seizure (n = 14), epilepsy (n = 5), and pneumonia, fall, and dizziness (n = 4 each). No cases of DRESS were identified. In the phenytoin/phenobarbital groups, 43.4% (36/114) and 29.7% (11/51) of patients, respectively, had their doses decreased. At the end of titration, mean plasma phenytoin/phenobarbital levels were generally comparable to baseline. Significance: No cases of DRESS were identified in 1339 patients exposed to cenobamate using a start-low (12.5 mg/d), go-slow titration approach. Cenobamate was generally well tolerated in the long term, with no new safety issues found. Phenytoin/phenobarbital dose reductions (25%-33%), when needed during cenobamate titration, maintained stable plasma levels. ER  - 
A review of the epidemiology, post-neurosurgical closure complications and outcomes of neonates with open spina bifida$$$ Background. Spina bifida (SB) is a neural tube defect (NTD) that has an increased risk of fatal and disabling effects if not repaired early, i.e. within the first 24 to 48 hours of life. Its diagnosis holds an increased burden for the patient and the caregiver owing to secondary complications. The effects of the disease are detrimental even with early repair, because of the long-term disabling nature of the disease. Objective. This retrospective study aimed to assess the effects of demographics, immediate post-surgical complications and impact of time to surgical intervention on the outcome of neonates with open SB (OSB) admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) at Inkosi Albert Luthuli Central Hospital (IALCH) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa (SA), between January 2011 and December 2015. Methods. A retrospective chart review was conducted at the NICU of IALCH. All neonates diagnosed with SB were identified. The study period was from 1 January 2011 to 31 December 2015. Data were collected from the IALCH electronic database. All neonates with SB admitted to the IALCH NICU were included; any patient who presented beyond the neonatal period (i.e. >28 days) was excluded from the study. Data collected included maternal demographics. Additionally, neonatal history was reviewed and post surgery complications evaluated. Outpatient management post discharge was reviewed. Results. One hundred and fifty neonates were included (58% male). The mean (standard deviation) maternal age was 26.7 (6.6) years. Only 10% had an antenatal diagnosis of OSB. Seventy-eight percent were born at term and 22% prematurely. The lumbar/sacral region was the most commonly affected. More males (14%) had thoraco/lumbar lesions than females (7.8%). Forty-eight percent presented before 3 days of life (early presentation). In the late-presentation group, there was an association with wound sepsis (p=0.003). Twenty-five percent were repaired between days 0 and 3 of life and 75% after 3 days. Postoperative complications in patients whose open SBs were repaired beyond 3 days of life were not statistically significant compared with those with early repair; all were p>0.05. There was a borderline association of prolonged hospitalisation with wound sepsis (p=0.07). Long-term outcomes showed that 68% had lower limb dysfunction, 18% urological complications, 14% limb deformity, and 11% hydrocephalus. A minority had psychomotor (7%) and developmental (15%) disorders. Ten percent required readmission secondary to shunt complications, and 7% died. Conclusion. SB remains a significant disease burden that affects outcome and survival of neonates in SA. Lack of good antenatal care, which includes early ultrasound and timely referral to centres, are barriers to good outcomes. Long-term follow-up is also necessary to prevent morbidity. ER  - 
Effectiveness and safety of perampanel monotherapy for focal and generalized tonic-clonic seizures: Experience from a national multicenter registry$$$ Objective: To assess the effectiveness and tolerability of perampanel (PER) monotherapy in routine clinical practice for the treatment of focal onset and generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS). Methods: This multicenter, retrospective, observational study was conducted in patients aged ≥12 years treated with PER as primary monotherapy or converted to PER monotherapy by progressive reduction of background antiepileptic drugs. Outcomes included retention, responder, and seizure-free rate after 3, 6, and 12 months and tolerability throughout the follow-up. Results: A total of 98 patients (mean age = 49.6 ± 21.7 years, 51% female) with focal seizures and/or GTCS were treated with PER monotherapy for a median exposure of 14 months (range = 1-57) with a median dose of 4 mg (range = 2-10). The retention rates at 3, 6, and 12 months and last follow-up were 93.8%, 89.3%, 80.9%, and 71.4%, respectively. The retention rates according to the type of monotherapy (primary vs conversion) did not differ (log-rank P value =.57). Among the 98 patients, 61.2% patients had seizures throughout the baseline period, with a median seizure frequency of 0.6 seizures per month (range = 0.3-26). Responder rates at 3, 6, and 12 months were 79.6%, 70.1%, and 52.8%, respectively, and seizure freedom rates at the same points were 62.7%, 56.1%, and 41.5%. Regarding the 33 patients who had GTCS in the baseline period, 87.8% were seizure-free at 3 months, 78.1% at 6 months, and 55.1% at 12 months. Over the entire follow-up, PER monotherapy was generally well tolerated, and only 16% of patients discontinued PER due to adverse events (AEs). Female patients were found to be at a higher risk of psychiatric AEs (female vs male odds ratio = 2.85, 95% confidence interval = 1-8.33, P =.046). Significance: PER demonstrated good effectiveness and a good safety profile when used as primary therapy or conversion to monotherapy at relatively low doses, in a clinical setting with patients with focal seizures and GTCS. ER  - 
Impact of the EMA/FDA alerts on the use of effective contraceptive method in women of childbearing age undergoing valproic acid treatment in a long-stay psychiatric center$$$ Objective: We aimed to evaluate the impact of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and Food Drug and Administration (FDA) alerts on the use of effective contraceptive method in women of childbearing age undergoing valproic acid treatment in a long-stay psychiatric center. Material and methods: An interrupted time-series analysis of women of childbearing age admitted in a long-stay psychiatric center (2013–2019), according to the EMA/FDA restrictions dates (October 2014 and February 2018). Results: Of the 82 cases included, 50 (61.0%) had an ‘off-label’ prescription. The percentage of cases with a contraceptive method before October 2014 (31.6%) increased to 61.5% after October 2014, p = 0.004. Women with an ‘off-label’ prescription after 2018 were more likely to use a contraceptive method than those before 2014, and there were not statistically significant differences in women with an ‘under indication’ prescription. Conclusions: The recent regulatory restrictions on the use of a contraceptive method had a positive effect, mainly in women with an ‘off-label’ prescription. No effect was seen in women with epilepsy, probably because the intervention had started long before. ER  - 
Frequency, reasons, and factors associated with antipsychotic polypharmacy in Schizophrenia: A retrospective chart review in a tertiary hospital in India$$$ The practice of antipsychotic polypharmacy in schizophrenia appears to be common although evidence-based guidelines do not routinely recommend it. The reasons for polypharmacy are however unclear. The objective of the study was to assess the frequency of polypharmacy, reasons for initiation and the factors associated with it. A retrospective chart review of case records of all the patients diagnosed with schizophrenia at the department of psychiatry from January 2011 to December 2018 was done. Frequency of antipsychotic polypharmacy, reasons influencing it and factors associated with polypharmacy were extracted using a proforma. Of 529 patients diagnosed with schizophrenia, 232 patients (43.9 %) were receiving antipsychotic polypharmacy. Common reasons for polypharmacy included the usage of depot along with oral antipsychotic for a prolonged period (37.7 %), augmentation of response with the second antipsychotic (17.7 %) and treatment of a different symptom domain like negative symptoms (9.5 %). In comparison to monopharmacy, antipsychotic polypharmacy was more commonly associated with side effects and extrapyramidal symptoms. Patients on polypharmacy had a higher number of hospitalizations too. As the trend of antipsychotic polypharmacy is on the rise, it is important to assess for reasons influencing polypharmacy to avoid undesirable side effects. The side effect burden of polypharmacy is significantly more than those receiving single antipsychotics. Oral antipsychotics should ideally be discontinued after the depot antipsychotic reaches steady-state levels. Irrational usage of second antipsychotic to augment the response of first antipsychotic agent needs to be avoided. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric Aspects of Epilepsy$$$ This article reviews common and clinically important neuropsychiatric aspects of epilepsy. Comorbidities are common, underdiagnosed, and powerfully impact clinical outcomes. Biological, psychological, and social factors contribute to the associations between epilepsy and neuropsychiatric disorders. Epidemiologic studies point to a bidirectional relationships between epilepsy and neuropsychiatric disorders. People with epilepsy are more likely to develop certain neuropsychiatric disorders, and those with these disorders are more likely to develop epilepsy. This relationship suggests the possibility of shared underlying pathophysiologies. We review the neuropsychiatric impact of antiseizure medications and therapeutic options for treatment. Diagnosis and treatment involve close collaboration among a multidisciplinary team. ER  - 
Clinical experience with brivaracetam in a series of 46 children$$$ Objectives: The primary objective of the study was to analyze the efficacy of brivaracetam (BRV) in pediatric patients 12 months after starting treatment. The secondary objective was to establish safety 3, 6, and 12 months after starting treatment. Materials and method: This was an observational and retrospective study. Data were collected from the electronic medical record. Inclusion criteria were as follows: patients under 18 years of age, diagnosis of focal or generalized epilepsy, treatment as an added therapy, initiation of treatment with BRV between June and September 2017, and at least one unprovoked seizure in the year prior to the start of treatment. Results: Forty-six patients were included. The response rate was 65%, including 30% seizure-free patients. The rate of adverse effects was 43.5%, resulting in withdrawal in 16 patients (34.7%). The most common adverse effects were drowsiness (17.3%) and irritability (17.3%). Conclusions: Brivaracetam is effective in very diverse childhood epilepsies, including some that present with primarily generalized seizures. Given the characteristics of the population studied, we have not been able to confirm a better tolerability of BRV compared with levetiracetam (LEV). ER  - 
Characterizing Sunflower syndrome: a clinical series$$$ Aims. To characterize the clinical phenotype of Sunflower syndrome. Sunflower syndrome is a rare photosensitive epilepsy syndrome characterized by highly stereotyped seizures, photosensitivity, and heliotropism. Methods. We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of patients seen in the Massachusetts General Hospital for Children (MGHfC) pediatric epilepsy program with a history of Sunflower syndrome. Results. Twenty-four patients were identified; 18 were female. At the time of initial MGHfC evaluation, patients’ ages ranged from 6.4 to 25 years, with a median age of 11.5 years. All patients presented with hand-waving episodes (HWEs), although one patient no longer demonstrates this, but now has eye blinking episodes on exposure to light. Four have associated eye fluttering as a component of their most prevalent light-induced seizures. The average age at onset of HWEs was six years. Seventeen developed other symptoms prior to the onset of HWEs. The most prevalent symptom was an attraction to light and possible absence seizures. Light-induced seizures were generally refractory to broad-spectrum antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Only three patients had a reduction of HWEs with the use of AEDs. Several non-pharmacological strategies reduced seizure frequency, however, efficacy varied. These non-pharmacological strategies included avoiding stimulus, focusing on other tasks, and occupying or restraining the hand that was involved in hand-waving. The use of tinted glasses reduced seizure frequency in 17 patients, however, no patient achieved seizure freedom. Twenty-two patients had available EEGs, 20 of which showed interictal epileptiform discharges. Additionally, many of the patients experienced a negative impact on their self-concept due to anxiety, depression, or negative interactions with peers. Conclusion. Sunflower syndrome is a generalized, pharmacoresistant epilepsy with childhood onset and remains poorly understood. To improve clinical care and scientific understanding, long-term prospective research exploring the natural history, etiology, and effective treatments for Sunflower syndrome should be conducted. [Published with video sequence]. ER  - 
Role of psychiatric, cardiovascular, socioeconomic, and demographic risk factors on idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus: A retrospective case-control study$$$ Objectives: Currently, predicting and preventing idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus (iNPH) remains challenging, especially for patients without a history of cerebrovascular disease. By exploring the role of cardiovascular and psychiatric history, demographics, and socioeconomic status in iNPH, will provide better direction for elucidating the etiology or addressing healthcare inequalities. Patients and methods: To investigate iNPH with respect to the selected risk factors, we conducted a retrospective case-control study from a neuroscience institute in Hawaii with a patient pool of 25,843. After excluding patients with a history of cerebrovascular disease, we identified 29 cases which meet the American-European guidelines for iNPH diagnosis. Meanwhile, 116 controls matched to age, sex, and race were also randomly selected. Results: Median age at diagnosis was 83 (IQR: 74–88), with cases estimated 22 years older than controls (95 % CI: 14.00–29.00; p = 0.0000001). Patients with iNPH were more likely to be White (OR 4.01, 95 % CI: 1.59–10.11; p = 0.0042) and less likely Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islander (OR 0.010, 95 % CI: 0.00−0.78; p = 0.014). Median household income was $2874 (95 % CI: 0.000089–6905; p = 0.088) greater amongst iNPH cases. Effect size amongst cardiovascular risk factors was not found statistically significant (i.e., body mass index, hyperlipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, coronary artery disease or prior myocardial infarction history, peripheral vascular disease, smoking status, congestive heart failure, atrial fibrillation/flutter, and history of prosthetic valve replacement). However, iNPH patients were more likely to have a history of alcohol use disorder (OR 8.29, 95 % CI: 0.99-453.87; p = 0.050) and history of a psychiatric disorder (OR 2.48; 95 % CI: 1.08–5.68; p = 0.029). Odds ratio for autoimmune disorder, thyroid disorder, glaucoma, and seizures did not reach statistical significance. Conclusion: Patient race (i.e., White; Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander) was found associated with iNPH development. Meanwhile, after excluding those with cerebrovascular disease, cardiovascular risk factors were not found associated with iNPH. Lastly, iNPH cases were more inclined to have a history of alcohol use disorder and prior psychiatric disorder. Overall, this data reveals that a racial disparity exists amongst iNPH, as well as highlights the role of various cardiovascular and psychiatric risk factors, which can potentially provide direction in etiology elucidation. ER  - 
Cognitive behavioural therapy for adults with dissociative seizures (CODES): a pragmatic, multicentre, randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Dissociative seizures are paroxysmal events resembling epilepsy or syncope with characteristic features that allow them to be distinguished from other medical conditions. We aimed to compare the effectiveness of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) plus standardised medical care with standardised medical care alone for the reduction of dissociative seizure frequency. Methods: In this pragmatic, parallel-arm, multicentre randomised controlled trial, we initially recruited participants at 27 neurology or epilepsy services in England, Scotland, and Wales. Adults (≥18 years) who had dissociative seizures in the previous 8 weeks and no epileptic seizures in the previous 12 months were subsequently randomly assigned (1:1) from 17 liaison or neuropsychiatry services following psychiatric assessment, to receive standardised medical care or CBT plus standardised medical care, using a web-based system. Randomisation was stratified by neuropsychiatry or liaison psychiatry recruitment site. The trial manager, chief investigator, all treating clinicians, and patients were aware of treatment allocation, but outcome data collectors and trial statisticians were unaware of treatment allocation. Patients were followed up 6 months and 12 months after randomisation. The primary outcome was monthly dissociative seizure frequency (ie, frequency in the previous 4 weeks) assessed at 12 months. Secondary outcomes assessed at 12 months were: seizure severity (intensity) and bothersomeness; longest period of seizure freedom in the previous 6 months; complete seizure freedom in the previous 3 months; a greater than 50% reduction in seizure frequency relative to baseline; changes in dissociative seizures (rated by others); health-related quality of life; psychosocial functioning; psychiatric symptoms, psychological distress, and somatic symptom burden; and clinical impression of improvement and satisfaction. p values and statistical significance for outcomes were reported without correction for multiple comparisons as per our protocol. Primary and secondary outcomes were assessed in the intention-to-treat population with multiple imputation for missing observations. This trial is registered with the International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial registry, ISRCTN05681227, and ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02325544. Findings: Between Jan 16, 2015, and May 31, 2017, we randomly assigned 368 patients to receive CBT plus standardised medical care (n=186) or standardised medical care alone (n=182); of whom 313 had primary outcome data at 12 months (156 [84%] of 186 patients in the CBT plus standardised medical care group and 157 [86%] of 182 patients in the standardised medical care group). At 12 months, no significant difference in monthly dissociative seizure frequency was identified between the groups (median 4 seizures [IQR 0–20] in the CBT plus standardised medical care group vs 7 seizures [1–35] in the standardised medical care group; estimated incidence rate ratio [IRR] 0·78 [95% CI 0·56–1·09]; p=0·144). Dissociative seizures were rated as less bothersome in the CBT plus standardised medical care group than the standardised medical care group (estimated mean difference −0·53 [95% CI −0·97 to −0·08]; p=0·020). The CBT plus standardised medical care group had a longer period of dissociative seizure freedom in the previous 6 months (estimated IRR 1·64 [95% CI 1·22 to 2·20]; p=0·001), reported better health-related quality of life on the EuroQoL-5 Dimensions-5 Level Health Today visual analogue scale (estimated mean difference 6·16 [95% CI 1·48 to 10·84]; p=0·010), less impairment in psychosocial functioning on the Work and Social Adjustment Scale (estimated mean difference −4·12 [95% CI −6·35 to −1·89]; p<0·001), less overall psychological distress than the standardised medical care group on the Clinical Outcomes in Routine Evaluation-10 scale (estimated mean difference −1·65 [95% CI −2·96 to −0·35]; p=0·013), and fewer somatic symptoms on the modified Patient Health Questionnaire-15 scale (estimated mean difference −1·67 [95% CI −2·90 to −0·44]; p=0·008). Clinical improvement at 12 months was greater in the CBT plus standardised medical care group than the standardised medical care alone group as reported by patients (estimated mean difference 0·66 [95% CI 0·26 to 1·04]; p=0·001) and by clinicians (estimated mean difference 0·47 [95% CI 0·21 to 0·73]; p<0·001), and the CBT plus standardised medical care group had greater satisfaction with treatment than did the standardised medical care group (estimated mean difference 0·90 [95% CI 0·48 to 1·31]; p<0·001). No significant differences in patient-reported seizure severity (estimated mean difference −0·11 [95% CI −0·50 to 0·29]; p=0·593) or seizure freedom in the last 3 months of the study (estimated odds ratio [OR] 1·77 [95% CI 0·93 to 3·37]; p=0·083) were identified between the groups. Furthermore, no significant differences were identified in the proportion of patients who had a more than 50% reduction in dissociative seizure frequency compared with baseline (OR 1·27 [95% CI 0·80 to 2·02]; p=0·313). Additionally, the 12-item Short Form survey–version 2 scores (estimated mean difference for the Physical Component Summary score 1·78 [95% CI −0·37 to 3·92]; p=0·105; estimated mean difference for the Mental Component Summary score 2·22 [95% CI −0·30 to 4·75]; p=0·084), the Generalised Anxiety Disorder-7 scale score (estimated mean difference −1·09 [95% CI −2·27 to 0·09]; p=0·069), and the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 scale depression score (estimated mean difference −1·10 [95% CI −2·41 to 0·21]; p=0·099) did not differ significantly between groups. Changes in dissociative seizures (rated by others) could not be assessed due to insufficient data. During the 12-month period, the number of adverse events was similar between the groups: 57 (31%) of 186 participants in the CBT plus standardised medical care group reported 97 adverse events and 53 (29%) of 182 participants in the standardised medical care group reported 79 adverse events. Interpretation: CBT plus standardised medical care had no statistically significant advantage compared with standardised medical care alone for the reduction of monthly seizures. However, improvements were observed in a number of clinically relevant secondary outcomes following CBT plus standardised medical care when compared with standardised medical care alone. Thus, adults with dissociative seizures might benefit from the addition of dissociative seizure-specific CBT to specialist care from neurologists and psychiatrists. Future work is needed to identify patients who would benefit most from a dissociative seizure-specific CBT approach. Funding: National Institute for Health Research, Health Technology Assessment programme. ER  - 
Subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation with a multiple independent constant current-controlled device in Parkinson's disease (INTREPID): a multicentre, double-blind, randomised, sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the subthalamic nucleus is an established therapeutic option for managing motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease. We conducted a double-blind, sham-controlled, randomised controlled trial to assess subthalamic nucleus DBS, with a novel multiple independent contact current-controlled (MICC) device, in patients with Parkinson's disease. Methods: This trial took place at 23 implanting centres in the USA. Key inclusion criteria were age between 22 and 75 years, a diagnosis of idiopathic Parkinson's disease with over 5 years of motor symptoms, and stable use of anti-parkinsonian medications for 28 days before consent. Patients who passed screening criteria were implanted with the DBS device bilaterally in the subthalamic nucleus. Patients were randomly assigned in a 3:1 ratio to receive either active therapeutic stimulation settings (active group) or subtherapeutic stimulation settings (control group) for the 3-month blinded period. Randomisation took place with a computer-generated data capture system using a pre-generated randomisation table, stratified by site with random permuted blocks. During the 3-month blinded period, both patients and the assessors were masked to the treatment group while the unmasked programmer was responsible for programming and optimisation of device settings. The primary outcome was the difference in mean change from baseline visit to 3 months post-randomisation between the active and control groups in the mean number of waking hours per day with good symptom control and no troublesome dyskinesias, with no increase in anti-parkinsonian medications. Upon completion of the blinded phase, all patients received active treatment in the open-label period for up to 5 years. Primary and secondary outcomes were analysed by intention to treat. All patients who provided informed consent were included in the safety analysis. The open-label phase is ongoing with no new enrolment, and current findings are based on the prespecified interim analysis of the first 160 randomly assigned patients. The study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01839396. Findings: Between May 17, 2013, and Nov 30, 2017, 313 patients were enrolled across 23 sites. Of these 313 patients, 196 (63%) received the DBS implant and 191 (61%) were randomly assigned. Of the 160 patients included in the interim analysis, 121 (76%) were randomly assigned to the active group and 39 (24%) to the control group. The difference in mean change from the baseline visit (post-implant) to 3 months post-randomisation in increased ON time without troublesome dyskinesias between the active and control groups was 3·03 h (SD 4·52, 95% CI 1·3–4·7; p<0·0001). 26 serious adverse events in 20 (13%) patients occurred during the 3-month blinded period. Of these, 18 events were reported in the active group and 8 in the control group. One death was reported among the 196 patients before randomisation, which was unrelated to the procedure, device, or stimulation. Interpretation: This double-blind, sham-controlled, randomised controlled trial provides class I evidence of the safety and clinical efficacy of subthalamic nucleus DBS with a novel MICC device for the treatment of motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease. Future trials are needed to investigate potential benefits of producing a more defined current field using MICC technology, and its effect on clinical outcomes. Funding: Boston Scientific. ER  - 
Factors Effecting the Treatment and Adherence of Epileptic Patients in Mizan Tepi University, South West Ethiopia$$$ Background: The global burden is estimated to be 1% affecting over 65 million people it has profound physical, psychological and social impacts with a greater impact on a person’s quality of life than other chronic diseases. Objective: To assess factors affecting adherence of epileptic patient at MTUTH, south west Ethiopia Methods: Hospital based cross-sectional descriptive study was carried out on patients who had no change in treatment regimen over the last three months. This cross-sectional study conducted on epileptic patients from 1st March 2019 to 31st July 2019 and Data were collected. Regression model was used for statistical analysis and statistical significance was considered at P<0.25. Results: Out of a total of 96 participants, all were willing to participate and were studied. Out of 96 participants, 55(57.3%) were males and 41(42.7%) were female. Mean age of the participants was 27 years. Range 18 to 75 years. The majority, 51(53.1%), of the participants were taking one antiepileptic medications. Thirty five (36.5.4%) of the participants were adherent to their treatment. The Most common reported reasons for non-adherence were forgetfulness 28(45.9%) and inability to buy drug followed by irregular drug supply 13(21.3%) and side effects 5(8.1%), a bad Patient-prescriber relationship 3(4.9%) and other reasons (6.5%). Conclusion: The most common reasons for non-adherence were forgetfulness followed by run out of pills. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of a 2-month formulation of aripiprazole lauroxil with 1-day initiation in patients hospitalized for acute schizophrenia transitioned to outpatient care: Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, active-control ALPINE study$$$ Objective: Evaluate efficacy and safety of a 2-month formulation of aripiprazole lauroxil (AL) with 1-day initiation during hospitalization for acute exacerbation of schizophrenia followed by transition to outpatient care. Methods: The phase 3b double-blind Aripiprazole Lauroxil and Paliperidone palmitate: INitiation Effectiveness (ALPINE) study was conducted from November 2017 to March 2019. Adults with acute schizophrenia according to DSM-5 criteria were randomized (1:1) to AL (AL NanoCrystal Dispersion + oral aripiprazole 30 mg, day 1; AL 1,064 mg, day 8 and every 8 weeks [q8wk]) or paliperidone palmitate (PP 234 mg, day 1; PP 156 mg, day 8 and then q4wk) for 25 weeks. Patients remained hospitalized . 2 weeks after randomization per protocol. Primary endpoint was within-group change in Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale total score (PANSST) from baseline to week 4. Secondary analyses included within- A nd between-group changes from baseline at various time points. Adverse events (AEs) and laboratory data were monitored. Results: A total of 200 patients were randomized (AL, n = 99; PP, n = 101); 56.6% and 42.6%, respectively, completed the study. For AL, the mean baseline PANSST was 94.1; scores were significantly reduced from baseline at week 4 (-17.4; P < .001) and were also reduced at weeks 9 (-19.8) and 25 (-23.3). With PP, PANSST also improved significantly from baseline (94.6) at week 4 (-20.1; P < .001) and also improved at weeks 9 (-22.5) and 25 (-21.7). The 3 most common AEs over 25 weeks in the AL group were injection site pain (17.2%), increased weight (9.1%), and akathisia (9.1%). The same AEs were the most common in the PP group (injection site pain [24.8%], increased weight [16.8%], and akathisia [10.9%]). Conclusions: AL and PP were efficacious and well-tolerated for initiating treatment of schizophrenia in the hospital and continuing outpatient treatment. ER  - 
Suicide Attempts among Pregnant and Postpartum Women in Japan: A Nationwide Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Objective:To describe the demographic and clinical characteristics of pregnant and postpartum women in Japan with psychoneurological disorders who attempt suicide. Method: A nationwide retrospective cohort study was conducted using the Diagnosis Procedure Combination database, a national database on acute-care inpatients in Japan. All pregnant and postpartum women who had psychoneurological disorders (/CD-10 codes: 0993, F530, F531) and were ad mitted to participating hospitals from January 2016 to March 2018 were identified. Among eligible patients, the prevalence of suicide attempts, risk factors for suicidal behaviors, maternal outcomes, and other characteristics were investigated. Results: Among the 3,286 eligible patients (3,026 pregnant women and 260 postpartum women), 22 pregnant women and 16 postpartum women had attempted suicide.The prevalence of suicide attempts was significantly higher among postpartum women (6.2%) than among pregnant women (0.7%; P< .001). Postpartum patients were more likely to be aged 30 years or older and to have depression. Wrist cutting was the main method of suicide attempt among pregnant patients, whereas hanging was the main method among postpartum patients. Three postpartum patients died during hospitalization. Conclusions: Postpartum patients were more likely to be in critical condition and to use fatal suicide attempt methods compared with pregnant women. ER  - 
Validity of the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 in neurologic populations$$$ BackgroundBecause of symptom overlap, there is uncertainty about the validity of depression rating scales in neurologic populations. The objectives of this study were to evaluate the validity of the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) for detecting Diagnostic and Statistical Manual-defined major depressive episodes in people with neurologic conditions.MethodsParticipants were recruited from outpatient clinics for multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, migraine, Parkinson disease, and stroke for this cross-sectional study. Participants were administered a questionnaire (this included the PHQ-9), chart review, and a follow-up telephone interview. The Structured Clinical Interview for Depression was used as the reference standard for psychiatric diagnoses. The performance of PHQ-9 was analyzed using sensitivity, specificity, diagnostic odds ratios (DORs), and receiver operator curve analysis.ResultsAll neurologic subpopulations had a specificity greater than 78% and sensitivity greater than 79% at a cut-point of 10. Using a random-effects model, the I-squared value was 13.7%, and Tau2 was 0.05, showing homogeneity across the neurologic subpopulations. The pooled DOR was 25.3 (95% confidence interval [CI] 14.9-42.8). Meta-analytic analysis found that for sensitivity, the pooled estimate was 90% (95% CI 81-97), and for specificity, it was 85% (95% CI 79-90).ConclusionsDespite theoretical concerns about its validity, the PHQ-9 performed well at its standard cut-point of 10. Consistent with the literature, being able to use a validated, brief tool that is available publicly should improve case finding of depression in neurologic populations. When considering clinical practicality along with the findings of this analyzed, this study confirmed that the PHQ-9 is valid in a general outpatient neurologic population. ER  - 
Association of Late-Onset Unprovoked Seizures of Unknown Etiology with the Risk of Developing Dementia in Older Veterans$$$ Importance: The incidence of unprovoked seizures and epilepsy increases considerably in late life, with approximately one-third of seizures being of unknown etiology. While individuals with dementia have a high risk of developing unprovoked seizures, it is unknown whether older adults with late-onset unprovoked seizures of unknown etiology (LOSU) are at risk of developing dementia. Objective: To determine whether incident LOSU is associated with a higher risk of dementia among older US veterans. Design, Setting, and Participants: This retrospective multicenter cohort study was conducted using data from US Veterans Health Administration medical centers from October 2001 to September 2015. Data were generated from all veteran inpatient and outpatient encounters that occurred within Veterans Health Administration facilities. A random sample of 941524 veterans 55 years and older was generated. A total of 649262 veterans previously diagnosed (using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes) with dementia, unprovoked seizures, epilepsy, and conditions that could lead to seizures (brain tumors, trauma, infections, stroke, and neurotoxin exposure) as well as veterans without follow-up data were excluded. Data were analyzed from October 2018 to July 2019. Exposures: Late-onset unprovoked seizures of unknown etiology were defined as a new diagnosis of epilepsy or unprovoked seizures without a diagnosis of a secondary cause for seizures. Incident LOSU was assessed during a 5-year baseline period. Main Outcomes and Measures: Veterans were assessed for incident dementia diagnosis during an outcome period. Fine-Gray proportional hazards models were used to determine whether LOSU was associated with greater risk of incident dementia. Models were adjusted for demographic variables, cardiovascular risk factors, depression, and traumatic brain injury. Results: Of the 292262 included veterans, 282628 (96.7%) were male, and the mean (SD) age was 73.0 [8.8] years. During the baseline period, 2166 veterans developed LOSU. The mean (SD) follow-up after LOSU was 6.1 (2.9) years. After multivariable adjustment, veterans with LOSU had greater risk of dementia compared with veterans without seizures (hazard ratio, 1.89; 95% CI, 1.62-2.20). A sensitivity analysis imposing a 2-year lag between incident LOSU and dementia diagnosis led to similar results. Conclusions and Relevance: These findings suggest LOSU in older veterans is associated with a 2-fold risk of developing dementia. While seizures are commonly thought to occur in late stages of dementia, these findings suggest unexplained seizures in older adults may be a first sign of neurodegenerative disease. ER  - 
Demographic variation in fit note receipt and long-term conditions in south London$$$ Objectives Introduced in the UK in 2010, the fit note was designed to address the problem of long-term sickness absence. We explored (1) associations between demographic variables and fit note receipt, € maybe fit' use and long-term conditions, (2) whether individuals with long-term conditions receive more fit notes and are more likely to have the € maybe fit' option selected and (3) whether long-term conditions explained associations between demographic variables and fit note receipt. Methods Data were extracted from Lambeth DataNet, a database containing electronic medical records of all 45 general practitioner (GP) practices within the borough of Lambeth. Individual-level anonymised data on GP consultations, prescriptions, Quality and Outcomes Framework diagnostic data and demographic information were analysed using survival analysis. Results In a sample of 326 415 people, 41 502 (12.7%) received a fit note. We found substantial differences in fit note receipt by gender, age, ethnicity and area-level deprivation. Chronic pain (HR 3.7 (95% CI 3.3 to 4.0)) and depression (HR 3.4 (95% CI 3.3 to 3.6)) had the highest rates for first fit note receipt. € Maybe fit' recommendations were used least often in patients with epilepsy and serious mental illness. The presence of long-term conditions did not explain associations between demographic variables and fit note use. Conclusions For the first time, we show the relationships between fit note use and long-term conditions using individual-level primary care data from south London. Further research is required in order to evaluate this relatively new policy and to understand the needs of the population it was designed to support. ER  - 
Long-term safety and effectiveness of natalizumab treatment in clinical practice: 10 years of real-world data from the Tysabri Observational Program (TOP)$$$ Objective The Tysabri Observational Programme (TOP), which began >10 years ago, is an open-label, multinational, prospective observational study evaluating the long-term safety and effectiveness of natalizumab in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients. Methods These data provide a 10-year interim analysis of safety and effectiveness in TOP. Annualised relapse rates (ARRs) and disability progression/improvement were analysed using the Poisson model and the Kaplan-Meier method, respectively. Analyses included patients on natalizumab and those who discontinued natalizumab but remained in TOP. Results As of November 2017, TOP included 6148 patients. Overall, 829 patients (13.5%) experienced ≥1 serious adverse event (SAE), with infection the most common (4.1%). Fifty-three patients (0.9%) had confirmed progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. SAE data were consistent with natalizumab's known safety profile; no new safety signals were identified. A total of 3210 patients (52.2%) discontinued natalizumab; 2117 (34.4%) withdrew from TOP. Median time on natalizumab was 3.3 (range 0-11.6) years; median follow-up time was 5.2 (range 0-10.8) years. The on-natalizumab ARR was 0.15, a 92.5% reduction from the year before initiation. Ten-year cumulative probabilities of disability worsening and improvement were 27.8% and 33.1%, respectively. On-natalizumab ARRs were similar between patients who discontinued or remained on natalizumab, suggesting limited attrition bias. Conclusions Since the TOP 5-year interim analysis (December 2012), cohort size (6148 vs 4821), median exposure (3.3 vs 1.8 years) and median follow-up time (62 vs 26 months) have increased. This 10-year interim analysis further supports the robust real-world effectiveness and well-established safety profile of natalizumab. Trial registration number NCT00493298. ER  - 
Patients with Lately Diagnosed Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis$$$ Objectives: Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) is a rare autosomal recessive inborn lipid storage disorder due to various pathogenic mutations in the CYP27A1 gene. Although the symptoms begin commonly in infancy, CTX diagnosis is often delayed. In this study, we report 7 Turkish CTX patients who had a delayed diagnosis despite early clinical signs and belonged to 6 unrelated families. Methods: We have retrospectively evaluated clinical, laboratory, imaging, and genetic findings of CTX patients, which were collected from 2 centers specialized in movement disorders: the Department of Neurology, Faculty of Medicine, Istanbul University, and the Department of Neurology, Faculty of Medicine, Mersin University. Results: All patients were diagnosed with CTX after neurological symptom development, and their mean age at diagnosis was 38.7 ± 9.6 years, despite a mean onset age of 12.4 ± 10.6 years. The mean follow-up period was 28 months (range: 3-60 months). The most common initial clinical abnormalities in our cohort were unexplained chronic diarrhea (42%), febrile convulsion (42%), juvenile cataract (85%), childhood depression and autism (14%), parkinsonism (14%), and intellectual disability (100%). The most prominent neurological findings were the pyramidal-cerebellar syndrome (85%) and extrapyramidal signs (42%). All patients were genetically confirmed. Serum cholestanol levels were elevated in all patients and decreased after chenodeoxycholic acid (CDCA) treatment in 6 patients. Conclusion: This cohort is the largest CTX case series in Turkey. All cases showed improvement in gastrointestinal symptoms as a response to CDCA treatment and stabilization on neurological symptoms, i.e., no further progression of neurological abnormalities were noted during this treatment. Therefore, early diagnosis and treatment is crucial in preventing clinical deterioration. ER  - 
High Rate of Psychopathology in Parents of Children with Epilepsy$$$ Background: Mental health status of the parents and children are associated. Objectives: The aim of the present study was to compare the psychopathology of parents of children with epilepsy with healthy children in an Iranian sample. Methods: A total of 288 parents of children with epilepsy attending the Pediatric Neurology Clinic of Tabriz University of Medical Sciences, Northwest of Iran, were matched with 154 parents of normal children and evaluated using the Millon Clinical Multiaxial Inventory-III. Results: Parents of children with epilepsy scored higher in all subscales, except for dependent personality pattern. Mothers of children with epilepsy scored higher in all clinical syndrome scales. The same pattern was observed for fathers of the children with epilepsy. Conclusions: A high rate of psychiatric disorders was observed in Iranian parents of children with epilepsy. This pattern was not limited to mothers but was applicable to fathers, as well. ER  - 
Knowledge, Practices, and Attitudes of Washington State Health Care Professionals Regarding Medical Cannabis$$$ Introduction: Health care providers in Washington State practice in a unique environment where both medical and recreational cannabis use are legal. Five types of health care providers can authorize medical cannabis. State-certified medical cannabis consultants may advise patients in a cannabis retail store regarding use and consumption. Washington State's health care professionals' perspectives about medical cannabis can inform policy-makers nationwide who are navigating challenges posed by legalization of medical and recreational cannabis. Materials and Methods: A cross-sectional mixed-mode survey using a 26-item questionnaire was administered to a random sample of actively licensed health care professionals legally permitted to provide medical cannabis authorizations in Washington State. We describe participant demographics and summarize responses to survey questions. We report comparisons across provider types using Fisher's exact tests with a level of significance of p<0.01. Results: Among the 1440 health care professionals invited to participate in the study, 310 respondents met eligibility criteria (response rate 24%). Only 57 respondents (18.4%) indicated having ever issued a medical cannabis authorization. Among them, 6, all naturopaths, had provided more than 500. Over half (58%) reported that they did not feel they had the knowledge and skills necessary to provide authorizations. Depending on the condition, 29-93% of respondents correctly identified conditions that qualified a patient to receive a medical cannabis authorization. Very few knew that employers are not required to provide accommodations for medical cannabis. Health care professionals (64.8%) served as the most frequent source of information regarding cannabis risks and benefits. Over half (62%) strongly or somewhat agreed that the Drug Enforcement Agency should reschedule cannabis to make it legal at the federal level. Conclusion: A wide range of knowledge was exhibited within our sample of health care professionals regarding qualifying conditions for medical cannabis. As more states adopt comprehensive medical cannabis laws, health care professionals must be prepared to provide information to patients regarding the effects, risks, and benefits of cannabis. Standardized education could ensure that health care professionals are prepared to responsibly promote the use of cannabis when indicated for medically appropriate symptoms and conditions. A rational approach to medical cannabis is needed to assure that unforeseen consequences are mitigated. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics of anti-epileptic drug mood stabilizer response in bipolar disorder$$$ Introduction: There is increasing interest in bipolar disorder (BD) pharmacogenomic treatment response. Method: We retrospectively assessed AED-MS response in 199 BD patients from Mayo Clinic BD Biobank using Alda scale, and performed GWAS using linear regression (total Alda score as outcome variable). We performed gene-level and pathway-level analyses using MAGMA. Polygenic risk score (PRS) analyses assessed whether AED-MS response can be predicted by PRS of BD, major depressive disorder (MDD), schizophrenia, and antidepressant response in MDD. PRS for BD, MDD, and schizophrenia were derived from GWAS analyses performed by the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium. PRS for MDD antidepressant response were derived from published meta-analysis of response to SSRIs. Results: SNPs in the thrombospondin type 1 domain containing 7A (THSD7A; rs78835388 P = 7.1E-9) were significantly associated with response to AED-MSs. ABCC1 and DISP1 demonstrated significant associations at the gene-level (P = 6.7E-7 and 8.9E-7, respectively); these associations were driven primarily by divalproex response. An antidepressant response PRS was associated with AED-MS response, particularly for lamotrigine. Conclusion: THSD7A plays roles in neuroangiogenesis and was identified as a BD risk locus by a recent GWAS. ABCC1 is a member of the ATP-binding cassette gene family, which encode a set of ATP-binding cassette transporters that play a significant role in drug disposition and response. These transporters were implicated in epilepsy pharmaco-resistance; little is known about their contribution to AED-MS response in BD. Our findings indicate that variants in these genes influence AED-MS response. We clearly demonstrate that larger scale studies are necessary to maximize the potential for studying bipolar pharmacogenomics. ER  - 
Proteomics approach to differentiate bipolar II disorder in its early phase from major depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: There has been great clinical and biological efforts to differentiate bipolar II disorder (BD-II) in its early phase from major depression disorder (MDD). The authors applied state-of- the- art proteomics to differentiate BD-II, MDD and healthy controls (HC). Method: The subjects were 38 with BD-II, 34 with MDD, and 51 HC recruited from 2 psychiatric centers in South Korea. The BD-II or MDD subjects were euthymic or depressed. The severity of depression was rated by the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D). After depletion of abundance proteins, liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/ MS) and label-free quantification were performed from plasma. Data-dependent acquisition data were statistically analyzed to detect differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) among groups by ANOVA. The DEPs were evaluated by bioinformatics analysis. Linear regression analysis with age-adjustment was performed with HAM-D scores. Results: There were 26 DEPs among 3 groups. Post-hoc analysis revealed that 2 proteins showed markedly different expression in BD-II (Fibrocystin-L and Immunoglobulin heavy chain V-III region KOL), and 5 proteins in MDD (Apolipoprotein C-1, Apolipoprotein B, Immunoglobulin lambda variable 4-69, Procollagen C-endopeptidase enhancer, Seizure 6-like protein). Bioinformatics analysis noted that these proteins were mainly related with exocytosis function. 16 proteins showed markedly different expression in subjects with mood disorders when compared to HC, of which 1 protein (Hemoglobin subunit beta) showed positive correlation (β = 0.241, P < .05) and 1 protein (Immunoglobulin kappa constant) showed negative correlation with HAM-D ((β = -0.290, P < .05). Conclusion: There are possibilities that blood-driven protein analysis could serve as potential biological markers to differentiate BD-II from MDD in their early phase. ER  - 
Psychiatric Comorbidities and Psychiatric Medication Use Are Highly Prevalent in Patients with Eosinophilic Esophagitis and Associate with Clinical Presentation$$$ OBJECTIVES:The prevalence of psychiatric disease in patients with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) is not fully characterized. We aimed to determine the prevalence of psychiatric disease and centrally acting medication use in a cohort of children and adults with EoE and evaluated whether psychiatric disease affects the EoE clinical presentation.METHODS:We conducted a retrospective study of newly diagnosed cases with EoE at the University of North Carolina from 2002 to 2018. Psychiatric comorbidities and relevant treatments were extracted from the medical records. The demographic and clinical features of patients with EoE with and without psychiatric diagnoses, and those with and without psychiatric medication use, were compared.RESULTS:Of 883 patients (mean age 26.6 years, 68% men, 79% white), 241 (28%) had a psychiatric comorbidity. The most common diagnosis was anxiety (23%) followed by depression (17%); 28% of patients were treated pharmacologically. There were 45 patients (5%) treated pharmacologically without a psychiatric diagnosis for chronic pain syndromes, insomnia, and/or epilepsy. Cases with EoE with a psychiatric diagnosis were more likely to be women, white, and 18 years or older and to have a longer symptom duration before diagnosis.DICUSSION:Psychiatric comorbidities were common in EoE, seen in a third of adults and more than 1 in 7 children, and with similar proportions receiving a prescription medication. These illnesses affected the EoE presentation because psychiatric comorbidities were more likely in older, female, and white patients with a longer duration of symptoms preceding diagnosis. ER  - 
Attribution of neuropsychiatric manifestations to systemic lupus erythematosus in polish cohort of patients with the use of the italian model$$$ Background: Distinguishing primary NPSLE (neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus) from secondary causes remains challenging (1). Attribution models were developed in order to aim clinicians in correct classification of NPSLE cases (2). Objectives: To investigate the prevalence of primary NPSLE manifestations assigned with Italian model of attribution (2). Methods: We retrospectively assessed clinical details of 164 patients with SLE classified with 2012 SLICC (Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics) classification criteria, 21 were excluded due to incomplete information. Data was gathered with a questionnaire comprising demographics, medical history, laboratory results (concentrations of antibodies against double stranded DNA-anti-dsDNA, complement components C3 and C4), disease activity measured with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index 2000 (SLEDAI-2K) and Physician Global Assessment (PGA) and damage determined with SLICC/ ACR (American College of Rheumatology) Damage Index (SDI). Neuropsychiatric manifestations were categorized in accordance with 1999 ACR glossary and attribution of manifestations was performed with the use of Italian model with the score ≥7 out of 10 points enabling assignment to primary NPSLE group (2). Statistical analysis was conducted with Statistica v.13.3 using Mann-Whitney U, chi-square and Fisher exact test. Results: We encountered 155 NP manifestations in our cohort and 52 (34%) were attributed to SLE. Characteristics of the study groups are presented in Table 1. Exact manifestations and their attribution rates are presented on Graph 1. Patients with attributable NPSLE were younger, had earlier disease onset, presented higher disease activity, lower damage accrual without taking NP damage into account and more often had increased anti-dsDNA serum concentration. Conclusion: Primary NP manifestations in patients with SLE occur mainly in young patients with high disease activity. Cerebrovascular disease, seizures, psychosis and cranial neuropathy are most frequent primary NPSLE manifestations. ER  - 
Occurrence of neuropsychiatric manifestations in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: Results from the SWISS lupus cohort and meta-analysis of the pertinent literature$$$ Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a systemic autoimmune disease, often presenting with neuropsychiatric manifestations. Reports on the frequency and patterns of these manifestations vary substantially and remain incompletely understood. Objectives: We examined neuropsychiatric manifestations in the prospective nationwide cohort of Swiss SLE (SSCS) patients and conducted a systematic literature review to contextualise our findings. Methods: We reviewed all patients included in the SSCS from 2007-2019 and classified severe neuropsychiatric manifestations. Searches were performed in relevant electronic databases from 1.1999-1.2020 and by checking reference lists of the pertinent literature. Authors of important papers were contacted to obtain further (unpublished) studies. We included prospective or cross-sectional studies focussing on neuropsychiatric manifestations in SLE, defined according the ACR criteria of 1999. Study selection and data extraction was made in duplicate. We secured salient study characteristics, composition of cohorts, the definitions and the frequencies of neuropsychiatric manifestations. We assessed heterogeneity across reports and investigated sources of variation using meta-regression models. Results: The frequencies of severe manifestations found in the SSLE were 7.1% (49/688) for cerebrovascular events, 5.3% (37/688) for seizures and 6.5% (45/688) for psychosis. The time-to-event analysis showed a linear relationship between duration of SLE and cumulative incidence of severe neuropsychiatric manifestations. Searches identified 530 studies and authors' contact yielded another unpublished report. We included 28 studies. The mean rates of the most commonly reported severe neuropsychiatric manifestations ranged in the magnitude of 50 percent points. Study characteristics and composition of cohorts could not explain heterogeneity of reported manifestation rates. Conclusion: The spectrum of neuropsychiatric manifestations in SLE is widely dispersed. The diagnostic work-up and the reporting of manifestations varied substantially across studies which may explain inconsistencies to some extent. We call for concerted efforts and a broad consensus regarding stringent definitions of neuropsychiatric SLE manifestations that allow targeted detection, particularly with view to timely intervention and patient outcomes. ER  - 
What is not nervous system involvement in behçet syndrome: A survey of patients with behçet syndrome referred to neurology$$$ Background: Nervous system involvement of Behçet syndrome (neuroBS) is a serious, but infrequent manifestation of Behçet syndrome (BS). Although many BS patients present with signs and symptoms related to the nervous system, several of these are diagnosed with conditions other than neuroBS. The differential diagnosis may be difficult in such patients. Objectives: To identify conditions mimicking neuroBS among patients with BS and to determine clinical, laboratory and imaging findings that may help the differential diagnosis. Methods: We retrospectively screened the charts of 500 BS patients who were registered to our clinic between February 2012 and April 2015, to identify those who were referred to neurology at any time during their follow-up. We follow our BS patients in a multidisciplinary clinic and all patients with a sign or symptom related to the nervous system are seen by one of the neurologist members of the clinic. The final diagnoses, as well as presenting signs and symptoms, laboratory and imaging results and results of any other diagnostic modalities were retrieved from patient charts. Patients who did not have a follow-up visit during the last 3 months were invited to the clinic for their final condition. Those who were not able to come, or one of their family members if they were not able to talk, were interviewed on the phone. Results: Among the 500 BS patients who were screened, 116 (23%) were referred to neurology (53 men, 63 women, mean age 32.8 (±9.8), 98 (84%) fulfilled ISG criteria). Among these, 29 (5.8%) were diagnosed with neuroBS, 30 (6%) had other conditions related to the nervous system, 46 (9.2%) were not diagnosed with a nervous system disorder and their symptoms disappeared and 11 (2.2%) were inconclusive and lost to follow-up. Of the 29 patients with neuroBS, 20 had parenchymal involvement, 7 had cerebral venous sinus thrombosis, 1 had concurrent parenchymal involvement and cerebral venous sinus thrombosis and 1 had atypical neuroBS. Of the 30 BS patients who were diagnosed with another nervous system condition, 14 (2.8%) had primary headache syndromes including tension type headache (n=5) and migraine (n=9), 6 (1.2%) had psychiatric disorders including psychotic disorder (n=1), depression (n=4) and somatization disorder (n=1), the remaining patients had other diagnoses which were entrapment neuropathy (n=2), epilepsy, glial tumor, multiple sclerosis, Meniere's disease, optic neuritis, neuroretinitis, steroid myopathy and polyneuropathy in one patient each. Presentation features such as cerebellar symptoms, motor symptoms, visual problems, altered consciousness, seizure, fever and facial palsy were more common among patients with neuroBS, whereas sensory symptoms and isolated headache were more common among BS patients with other nervous system conditions (Table). (Table Presented) Conclusion: Nervous system conditions other than neuroBS are common in patients with BS who present with nervous system findings. Caution is required to avoid misdiagnosis of these patients as neuroBS. ER  - 
AIDS-associated Talaromyces marneffei central nervous system infection in patients of southwestern China$$$ Background: The clinical and laboratory characteristics of AIDS-associated Talaromyces marneffei infection, a rare but a fatal mycosis disease of the central nervous system, remain unclear. Case presentation: Herein, we conducted a retrospective study of ten AIDS patients with cerebrospinal fluid culture-confirmed central nervous system infection caused by Talaromyces marneffei. All 10 patients were promptly treated with antifungal treatment for a prolonged duration and early antiviral therapy (ART). Among them, seven patients were farmers. Nine patients were discharged after full recovery, while one patient died during hospitalization, resulting in a mortality rate of 10%. All patients initially presented symptoms and signs of an increase in intracranial pressure, mainly manifesting as headache, dizziness, vomiting, fever, decreased muscle strength, diplopia or even altered consciousness with seizures in severe patients. Nine patients (90%) showed lateral ventricle dilatation or intracranial infectious lesions on brain CT. Cerebrospinal fluid findings included elevated intracranial pressure, increased leukocyte count, low glucose, low chloride and high cerebrospinal fluid protein. The median CD4+ T count of patients was 104 cells/μL (IQR, 36-224 cells/μL) at the onset of the disease. The CD4+ T cell counts of three patients who eventually died were significantly lower (W = 6.00, p = 0.020) than those of the patients who survived. Conclusions: The common clinical symptoms of T. marneffei central nervous system infection are associated with high intracranial pressure and intracranial infectious lesions. Earlier recognition and diagnosis and a prolonged course of amphotericin B treatment followed by itraconazole combined with early ART might reduce the mortality rate. ER  - 
Evaluation of pre-hospital use of a valsalva assist device in the emergency treatment of supraventricular tachycardia [EVADE]: A randomised controlled feasibility trial$$$ Background: The valsalva manoeuvre is an internationally recommended initial treatment for supraventricular tachycardia (SVT). The pre-hospital use of a valsalva assist device, to help deliver this manoeuvre, could improve cardioversion rates and reduce the need for patients to attend hospital. Methods: We conducted a randomised controlled feasibility trial comparing ambulance clinician use of a valsalva assist device versus standard care to treat adult patients presenting to an ambulance service in the south west of England. Eligible consenting participants were randomised 1:1 to device or standard care with trial procedures mirroring a proposed definitive trial. Feasibility was assessed upon ambulance clinician and participant recruitment rates and feedback, data completeness and potential future primary outcome rates. Results: Over a 6 months period (1 July to 31 December 2018), 276 (23%) of 1183 eligible ambulance clinicians were trained and they recruited 34 participants; approximately 10% of patients presenting with suspected SVT during that time. Seventeen participants were randomised to each arm and all underwent their allocated valsalva strain method. All trial data and 63/68 (93%) of pre and post-valsalva ECGs were available. Seven (21%) participants had ineligible initial rhythms on retrospective expert ECG review. Valsalva assist device use was associated with cardioversion and non-conveyance in 4 (24%) and 2 (12%) participants respectively. No participants assigned to standard care were cardioverted and all were conveyed. Participant feedback highlighted the challenges of retaining trial information during an SVT attack. Conclusions: The trial achieved efficient clinician training, randomisation and data collection, and there was an encouraging effect signal associated with device use. However, trial design changes should be considered to address the relatively small proportion of eligible patients recruited and challenges identified with consent and confirmation of cardioversion as a primary outcome. Trial registration: The trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03514628) on 2 May 2018. ER  - 
Migraine treatment and healthcare costs: Retrospective analysis of the China Health Insurance Research Association (CHIRA) database$$$ Background: Adult migraine remains underdiagnosed and undertreated, despite significant negative effects on physical and emotional functioning. Information on prescribing patterns and treatment costs of migraine in China is limited. Methods: This retrospective analysis of the China Health Insurance Research Association (CHIRA) medical insurance claims database in 2016 to 2017 evaluated treatment patterns, direct medical costs, and healthcare resource utilization among adults with migraine in mainland China. Results: Of 108,375 patients with headache-related outpatient visits, 10,652 were adults with migraine (mean age 51.4 years, 55.4% female). Common comorbidities were major depressive disorder (4.1%), insomnia (3.8%), and anxiety (2.3%). Migraine patients were prescribed acute medication (26.4%), preventive medication (15.0%), and Chinese patent and herbal medicines (24.5% and 11.7%, respectively). Of patients prescribed acute medication, 68.8% received non-aspirin non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), 7.1% received opioids, while only 3.3% received triptans. Mean annual outpatient costs per patient were 46.5 United States dollars (USD), with mean (standard deviation) 1.8 (2.0) outpatient visits per year. Medication costs for traditional Chinese medicine (22.4 USD per patient) were higher than for Western medicine (13.5 USD). Conclusion: Among migraine patients in China, NSAIDs were commonly prescribed as acute medication, while utilization of migraine-specific triptans and preventive medications was low. ER  - 
Anti-PDHA1 antibody is detected in a subset of patients with schizophrenia$$$ Autoantibodies have been implicated in schizophrenia aetiology. Here, novel autoantibodies were isolated from patients with schizophrenia. Autoantibody candidates were searched using two-dimensional gel electrophoresis and western blotting with rat brain proteins as antigens and two sera pools (25 schizophrenia patients versus 25 controls) as antibodies. Immunoreactive antigens were identified by mass spectrometry. Antibody prevalence were evaluated by western blotting using human recombinant proteins. Furthermore, brain magnetic resonance imaging data (regional brain volumes and diffusion tensor imaging measures) were compared. Two proteins of the mitochondrial respiration pathway were identified as candidate antigens. Three patients with schizophrenia, but no controls, expressed antibodies targeting one of the candidate antigens, i.e., pyruvate dehydrogenase E1 component subunit alpha, somatic form, mitochondrial (PDHA1, EC 1.2.4.1), which is related to mitochondrial energy production. Anti-PDHA1 antibody-positive patients (n = 3) had increased volumes in the left occipital fusiform gyrus compared to both controls (n = 23, p = 0.017) and antibody-negative patients (n = 16, p = 0.009), as well as in the left cuneus compared to antibody-negative patients (n = 16, p = 0.018). This is the first report of an anti-PDHA1 antibody in patients with schizophrenia. Compatible with recent findings of mitochondrial dysfunction in schizophrenia, this antibody may be involved in the pathogenesis of a specific subgroup of schizophrenia. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy for the Treatment of Overweight and Obesity in Children, Adolescents, and Young Adults in a Large Health System in the US$$$ Lifestyle modifications focused on diet, physical activity, and behavior have a modest impact on weight reduction in children, adolescents, and young adults (YA) with overweight and obesity. Several anti-obesity medications (AOMs) have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use among adult patients with a body mass index (BMI) ≥27 kg/m2 and at least one obesity-related illness. However, only two FDA-approved AOMs are available for use in children and adolescents, which leads to the frequent off-label use of adult AOMs among this population. We sought to investigate current prescribing patterns of AOMs from school age through to young adulthood in a large unified health system. Using a centralized clinical data registry containing the health data of ~6.5 million patients, individuals aged 5–25 years old with overweight and obesity who were taking one of eight commonly prescribed AOMs from 2009 to 2018 were extracted. A total of 1,720 patients were identified, representing 2,210 medication prescribing instances. The cohort was further stratified as children (5–12 years old), adolescents (13–18 years old), and YA (19–25 years old). The mean BMI at the time of medication initiation was 34.0, 39.1, and 39.6 kg/m2, respectively, which corresponded to a BMI z-score (BMIz) of 2.4 and 2.3 for children and adolescents, respectively. Metformin was the most commonly prescribed medication across all ages, including off-label use for weight-loss among children and adolescents. The most commonly off-label prescribed AOM among YA was topiramate. Multivariable analyses demonstrated phentermine was the most effective AOM, with a 1.54% total body weight among YA (p = 0.05) and a 0.12 decrease in BMIz among adolescents (p = 0.003) greater final weight loss when compared to the respective overall frequency-weighted means. Our study demonstrates a statistically significant weight loss among adolescents and young adults on select pharmacotherapy. The small magnitude of this effect should be interpreted carefully, as it is likely an underestimate in the absence of a true control group. Pharmacotherapy should therefore be considered in conjunction with other multimodal therapies such as lifestyle modification and metabolic and bariatric surgery when treating overweight and obesity. ER  - 
Propranolol for familial cerebral cavernous malformation (Treat_CCM): Study protocol for a randomized controlled pilot trial$$$ Background: Cerebral cavernous malformations (CCMs) are vascular malformations characterized by clusters of enlarged leaky capillaries in the central nervous system. They may result in intracranial haemorrhage, epileptic seizure(s), or focal neurological deficits, and potentially lead to severe disability. Globally, CCMs represent the second most common intracranial vascular malformation in humans, and their familial form (FCCMs) accounts for one-fifth of cases. Neurosurgical excision, and perhaps stereotactic radiosurgery, is the only available therapeutic option. Case reports suggest that propranolol might modify disease progression. Methods: Treat_CCM is a prospective, randomized, open-label, blinded endpoint (PROBE), parallel-group trial involving six Italian clinical centres with central reading of brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and adverse events. Patients with symptomatic FCCMs are randomized (2:1 ratio) either to propranolol (40-80 mg twice daily) in addition to standard care or to standard care alone (i.e. anti-epileptic drugs or headache treatments). The primary outcome is intracranial haemorrhage or focal neurological deficit attributable to CCMs. The secondary outcomes are MRI changes over time (i.e. de novo CCM lesions, CCM size and signal characteristics, iron deposition, and vascular leakage as assessed by quantitative susceptibility mapping and dynamic contrast enhanced permeability), disability, health-related quality of life, depression severity, and anxiety (SF-36, BDI-II, State-Trait Anxiety Inventory). Discussion: Treat_CCM will evaluate the safety and efficacy of propranolol for CCMs following promising case reports in a randomized controlled trial. The direction of effect on the primary outcome and the consistency of effects on the secondary outcomes (even if none of them yield statistically significant differences) of this external pilot study may lead to a larger sample size in a definitive phase 2 trial. Trial registration: ClinicalTrails.gov, NCT03589014. Retrospectively registered on 17 July 2018. ER  - 
Characteristics and circumstances of synthetic cannabinoid-related death$$$ Introduction: Synthetic cannabinoids are an emerging clinical and public health concern. The current study aimed to determine: (1) The characteristics and circumstances of death of all recorded cases of synthetic cannabinoid-related sudden or unnatural death in Australia, (2) The toxicology of cases and (3) Their major organ pathology. Methods: Retrospective study of all cases in Australia in which synthetic cannabinoid use was a mechanism contributory to death (n = 55) retrieved from the National Coronial Information System (2000–2017). Information was collected on cause of death, demographics, drug use history, circumstances of death, toxicology and major organ pathology. Results: The mean age was 37.2 years and 91.1% were male. Causes of death comprised of accidental toxicity (38.2%), accidental toxicity/cardiovascular disease (9.1%), natural disease (20.0%), suicide (10.9%) and traumatic accident (10.9%). The most common clinical presentation proximal to death was sudden collapse (25.5%). Cardiovascular disease was prominent: severe atherosclerosis (20.0%), myocardial replacement fibrosis (18.0%), cardiomegaly (12.0%). The most frequent synthetic cannabinoids were the indazolecarboxemides (61.8%), most commonly AB-CHMINACA (38.2%). The most frequent other substances were alcohol (34.5%) and Δ9-THC (23.6%). Conclusions: AB-CHMINACA was the most commonly seen synthetic cannabinoid. There was a high representation of relatively older decedents and of older males in particular. While acute toxicity was the most common cause of death, cardiovascular disease was prominent. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in adults with epilepsy: a tertiary hospital-based study$$$ Objectives: Many studies describe and characterize psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in high-income but few come from low/middle and low income countries. Design/methods: We aimed to determine the prevalence of PNES coexisted in adults with epilepsy and to characterize their semiology, comorbidities and predictors whether presented with epilepsy (n = 563) or alone (n = 73). Patients were recruited from a tertiary referral epilepsy clinic. Clinical suspicion and diagnosis were done by the neurologist based on histories and clinical cues. Psychiatric evaluation included structured psychiatric interviewing and assessment of symptoms of depression, anxiety and stress using Depression Anxiety Stress Scale (DASS 21). Results: The prevalence of PNES with epilepsy was 4.97% and diagnosed after a mean interval of 7.12yrs from onset of the first attack. Patients with PNES were predominantly females in their 2nd-3rd decades. Semiology of PNES included loss of consciousness, drop attacks, involuntary movements and speech arrest. Compared to patients with PNES coexisted with epilepsy, those with PNES alone were younger at presentation (p = 0.01) and age at onset (p = 0.002) and had frequent attacks (p = 0.001), psychosocial stressors and comorbid medical illnesses (p = 0.0001) and higher scores of depression, anxiety (p = 0.01) and stress (p = 0.001). In multivariate analysis, the significant predictors of high DASS scores with PNES were psychosocial stressors and comorbid medical conditions. Conclusions: The prevalence of PNES among adults with epilepsy is ∼5%. They are frequently misdiagnosed and treated as epilepsy. Specialist neurologists are more comfortable to diagnose patients with PNES. The multidisciplinary neurology and psychiatric assessments will help in the patient's therapeutic plan. ER  - 
Longitudinal trajectories of depression symptoms in children with epilepsy$$$ Aim: To examine self- and proxy-reported symptoms of depression in children with epilepsy. Method: This was a prospective longitudinal cohort study of children with epilepsy. Participants were treated at six Canadian tertiary-care centers and followed over 28 months with repeated assessments of child self-reported symptoms of depression using the Children’s Depression Inventory Short-Form (CDI-S). Trajectories of symptoms of depression were estimated using linear mixed effects (LME) modeling. Results: At baseline, 477 children had complete data (mean age [SD] 11y 5mo [2y 1mo], range 7y 7mo–15y 1mo; 234 females, 243 males). Mean CDI-S T score at baseline was 45.7 (SD=7.5) and at 28 months was 44.9 (SD=8.2), both were within the ‘average’ range. Results from LME modeling revealed mean raw CDI-S score of 1.897, corrected for age 10 years (corresponding to T scores slightly below the normed mean of 50), with no significant change over three measurements (slope=–0.113, p=0.135), indicating that CDI-S scores were stable over 28 months. Children with high initial CDI-S scores had lower subsequent scores, as demonstrated by the correlation of –0.827 between intercept and slope (p<0.001). Parents reported comparable findings. Interpretation: Self- and proxy-reported symptoms of depression were generally low and stable over an extended follow-up period. Normalization of scores was seen upon repeated assessment, even in children with higher scores of symptoms of depression at one point. These findings speak to the value and importance of repeated assessment over time. What this paper adds: In children with epilepsy, self- and proxy-reported symptoms of depression were generally low and stable over 28 months. The trajectory of symptoms of depression was not associated with seizure severity, whether considering the frequency or type of seizures. Parents’ reports of symptoms of depression were comparable to the children’s self-evaluations. ER  - 
Awake brain surgery in children—a single-center experience$$$ Introduction: Awake brain surgery (ABS) represents a rare surgical procedure in children as age and psychological aspects, which are considered to interfere with its feasibility and psychological outcome and limit its application. Only few pediatric case series have been reported so far, indicating a more complex translation of this surgical approach to children. However, the advances in neuropsychological testing and monitoring may have a substantial impact on ameliorating the eligibility of children undergoing awake procedures. This study addresses the condition of ABS in a pediatric cohort, focusing on its practicability and diversified outcome aspects. Methods: We performed a retrospective review and prospective outcome analysis of pediatric patients with CNS lesions undergoing ABS between 2005 and 2018, completed at the University of Lyon, France. Results: Eighteen children were considered for ABS with respect to the eloquent location of their CNS lesions documented in their pre-operative MRI. Seventeen of them underwent asleep–awake–asleep brain surgery. The cohort included 5 males and 12 females. The median age at surgery was 14.8 years, (range 9.4 to 17.6 years). Intraoperative testing included electrocortical stimulation while pursuing speech or motor activity. Most of the lesions were intrinsic tumors of glial origin. A complete tumor removal was achieved in 11 patients (65%). Post-operative neurological deficits were transiently observed in 2 patients, whereas severe psychological reactions occurred in 1 child. Persistent attention deficits were found in 2 patients. One patient experienced an infectious complication requiring antibiotic treatment. Two patients died during follow-up due to tumor progression. The mean duration of follow up was 22.2 months (range 3.4 to 46.8 months). Conclusions: ABS was shown to be beneficial in terms of efficient tumor resection besides simultaneous preservation of neurological functions. Psychological preparation of the families and the children is essential to increase the number and age range of patients, who can benefit from this technique. Neuropsychological testing before and after surgery is essential to determine cognitive outcome, which can be altered in a minority of patients. ER  - 
Impact of comorbidity on hospitalizations in individuals newly diagnosed with multiple sclerosis: A longitudinal population-based study$$$ Background: It has been suggested that comorbidity in subjects with multiple sclerosis (MS) increases the risk of hospitalizations, although few studies have examined this, and rarely in an incident population. Methods: Incident MS cases were identified retrospectively from administrative data in Saskatchewan, Canada (1996 – 2017) using a validated definition (≥3 hospital, physician or drug claims for MS); the date of the first claim for MS or a demyelinating condition was considered the index date. All hospitalizations occurring after the index were included in the analyses. Comorbidity was defined in 3 ways: any comorbidity (yes/no); a total count of comorbidity (0, 1, or ≥2); and by individual comorbidities. The impact of comorbidity on all-cause hospitalizations was examined with negative binomial regression models fitted with generalized estimating questions. In subjects with at least one hospitalization during the follow-up period, we examined associations between comorbidity and MS-related hospitalizations logistic using regression models fitted with GEE. Results: Subjects with comorbidity had a higher rate of all-cause hospitalizations compared to those without any comorbidity (aRR 1.72; 95% CI: 1.48–1.99); comorbidity did not increase the odds of having an MS-specific hospitalization (aOR 0.76; 95% CI: 0.59–0.99). Individual comorbidities including diabetes, ischemic heart disease, chronic lung disease, epilepsy, and mood disorders increased the rate of all-cause hospitalizations, but had little impact on MS-related hospitalizations. A longer disease duration was associated with decreased all-cause and MS-specific admissions. Conclusion: Comorbidity increased the rate of all-cause, but not MS-specific, hospital admissions. Hospitalization rates were higher during the earlier stages of MS. Therefore, recognizing and managing comorbidity in the MS population, especially early in the disease course, will likely have the biggest impact on reducing overall hospital admissions. ER  - 
Stroke Mimics: Experience of a Moroccan Stroke Unit$$$ Background: Stroke mimic is a medical condition presenting with acute neurological deficit and simulate real stroke. The objective of this study was to evaluate the frequency and the various etiologies of stroke mimics in our center. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the Thrombolysis Alert registry and we studied the frequency and characteristics of patients with stroke mimic. Results: Among 673 patients who were admitted to the emergency department within 4.5 hours for sudden focal neurological deficit suggestive of acute stroke, 105 patients (15.6 %) had a stroke mimic. The mean age of patients with mimics and brain strokes were 66.3 and 64.8, respectively. The mean Onset-to-door time was 136.82 minutes and the mean door-to-imaging time was 32.63 minutes in stroke mimics. Seizure (28.5%) was the most common diagnosis of stroke mimics followed by conversion disorder (25.7%). Conclusions: Stroke mimic is frequent and heterogeneous entity that can be difficult to identify. Fortunately, most previous studies show no harmful effects when using thrombolysis in a stroke mimic. ER  - 
Phenotypic and genetic spectrum of epilepsy with myoclonic atonic seizures$$$ Objective: We aimed to describe the extent of neurodevelopmental impairments and identify the genetic etiologies in a large cohort of patients with epilepsy with myoclonic atonic seizures (MAE). Methods: We deeply phenotyped MAE patients for epilepsy features, intellectual disability, autism spectrum disorder, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder using standardized neuropsychological instruments. We performed exome analysis (whole exome sequencing) filtered on epilepsy and neuropsychiatric gene sets to identify genetic etiologies. Results: We analyzed 101 patients with MAE (70% male). The median age of seizure onset was 34 months (range = 6-72 months). The main seizure types were myoclonic atonic or atonic in 100%, generalized tonic-clonic in 72%, myoclonic in 69%, absence in 60%, and tonic seizures in 19% of patients. We observed intellectual disability in 62% of patients, with extremely low adaptive behavioral scores in 69%. In addition, 24% exhibited symptoms of autism and 37% exhibited attention-deficit/hyperactivity symptoms. We discovered pathogenic variants in 12 (14%) of 85 patients, including five previously published patients. These were pathogenic genetic variants in SYNGAP1 (n = 3), KIAA2022 (n = 2), and SLC6A1 (n = 2), as well as KCNA2, SCN2A, STX1B, KCNB1, and MECP2 (n = 1 each). We also identified three new candidate genes, ASH1L, CHD4, and SMARCA2 in one patient each. Significance: MAE is associated with significant neurodevelopmental impairment. MAE is genetically heterogeneous, and we identified a pathogenic genetic etiology in 14% of this cohort by exome analysis. These findings suggest that MAE is a manifestation of several etiologies rather than a discrete syndromic entity. ER  - 
Cognitive behavior therapy for comorbid dissociative seizures in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objectives: The main aim of this study was to assess the effectiveness of cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) for comorbid dissociative seizures (DS) in patients with epilepsy. Methods: We conducted a retrospective case note review of 14 patients with epilepsy who underwent outpatient CBT for DS in a tertiary neuropsychiatry service. The diagnosis of DS was confirmed by neurologists clinically and/or following video-telemetry electroencephalogram (EEG). We evaluated the outcome of the CBT treatment with respect to frequency of DS, measures of depression, anxiety, and social functioning. Results: Measures of depression and anxiety significantly reduced following CBT treatment. Overall, frequency of DS reduced following CBT treatment but did not reach statistical significance. Significance: This study provides evidence that CBT can be effective in reducing depression and anxiety in patients with both epilepsy and DS. Anxiety and depression are likely to be associated with DS. Further research in larger samples and longitudinal studies are recommended to evaluate the long-term efficacy of CBT in this patient group. ER  - 
A randomized, double blind, sham-controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia$$$ Background: Research has implicated hypofrontality in the pathogenesis of Negative symptoms of schizophrenia.These symptoms are often resistant to treatment. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to reverse this hypofrontality. Higher frequency rTMS has shown better promise, but so far there has been very little research in this area. Objective: We aimed to evaluate the efficacy of high-frequency (20 Hz) unilateral rTMS over the left Dorso-Lateral Pre-frontal Cortex (DLPFC) in the improvement of Negative symptoms in Schizophrenia. Methods:100 patients of schizophrenia with predominantly negative symptoms, were enrolled for this randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind trial.Each participant received 20 sessions of rTMS at 20 Hz frequency and 100% motor threshold, via either the active or the sham coil, over 4 weeks. A total of 2000 pulses were imparted in 10 trains per session. Negative symptoms were assessed with the SANS and PANSS. CDSS was used to rule out depressive symptoms. Assessments were carried out at baseline, post-intervention, and 1-month, 2-months, 3-months and 4-months follow ups. Results: The improvement in the negative symptoms (Anhedonia, Alogia, Avolition, Attention impairment) in active group was statistically significant at 0.01 and 0.05 (p-value) as compared to sham group. Conclusions: These results suggest that high-frequency rTMS may lead to improvement in negative symptoms of schizophrenia. It may be worth considering its use as an adjunct to pharmacological treatment of negative symptoms. ER  - 
48-hour video-EEG monitoring for epilepsy presurgical evaluation is cost-effective and safe in resource-limited setting$$$ Introduction: Video-EEG monitoring is one of the key investigations in epilepsy pre-surgical evaluation but limited by cost. This study aimed to determine the efficacy and safety of a 48-hour (3-day) video EEG monitoring, with rapid pre-monitoring antiepileptic drugs withdrawal. Material and methods: This is a retrospective study of epilepsy cases with VEM performed in University Malaya Medical Center (UMMC), Kuala Lumpur, from January 2012 till August 2016. Results: A total of 137 cases were included. The mean age was 34.5 years old (range 15–62) and 76 (55.8 %) were male. On the first 24 -h of recording (D1), 81 cases (59.1 %) had seizure occurrence, and 109 (79.6 %) by day 2 (D2). One-hundred and nine VEMs (79.6 %) were diagnostic, in guiding surgical decision or further investigations. Of these, 21 had less than 2 seizures recorded in the first 48 h but were considered as diagnostic because of concordant interictal ± ictal activities, or a diagnosis such as psychogenic non-epileptic seizure was made. Twenty-eight patients had extension of VEM for another 24−48 h, and 11 developed seizures during the extension period. Extra-temporal lobe epilepsy and seizure frequency were significant predictors for diagnostic 48 -h VEM. Three patients developed complications, including status epilepticus required anaesthetic agents (1), seizure clusters (2) with postictal psychosis or dysphasia, and all recovered subsequently. Conclusions: 48-h video EEG monitoring is cost-effective in resource limited setting. ER  - 
Brivaracetam efficacy and tolerability in clinical practice: A UK-based retrospective multicenter service evaluation$$$ Purpose: This multicenter service evaluation explores the efficacy and tolerability of brivaracetam (BRV) in an unselected, consecutive population in ‘real-life’ clinical settings. Method: We retrospectively collected data from patient records at 11 UK hospitals and epilepsy centers. Consecutive patients prescribed BRV with at least 3 months of follow-up (FU) were included. Apart from reporting effectiveness and tolerability of BRV across the whole cohort, we compared treatment outcomes depending on previous levetiracetam use (LEV + versus LEV −), comorbid learning disability (LD + versus LD −), and epilepsy syndrome (focal versus generalized epilepsy). Results: Two hundred and ninety patients (46% male, median age: 38 years, range: 15 to 77) with ≥ 3 months of FU were included. The median duration of BRV exposure was 12 months (range: 1 day to 72 months). Overall BRV retention was 71.1%. While 56.1% of patients improved in terms of seizure frequency category (daily, weekly, monthly, yearly seizures), 23.1% did not improve on this measure and 20.8% deteriorated. In terms of seizure frequency, 21% of patients experienced a ≥ 50% reduction, with 7.0% of all patients becoming seizure-free. Treatment-emergent adverse events (AEs) were reported by 107 (36.9%) patients, but there were no serious AEs. The commonest AEs were sedation/fatigue (18.3%), mood changes (9.0%), and irritability/aggression (4.8%). There were no significant differences in drug retention, seizure frequency outcomes, or AEs between the LEV + and LEV − subgroups, or between patients with generalized or focal epilepsies. Although 15.5% of patients in the LD + group achieved a ≥ 50% reduction, this rate was lower than in the LD − group. Conclusions: This ‘real-life’ evaluation suggests that reductions in seizure frequency can be achieved with BRV in patients with highly refractory epilepsy. Brivaracetam may be a useful treatment option in patients who have previously failed to respond to or tolerate LEV, those with LD, or (off-label) those with generalized epilepsies. ER  - 
Substance use on admission toxicology screen is associated with peri-injury factors and six-month outcome after traumatic brain injury: A TRACK-TBI Pilot study$$$ Substance use is commonly associated with traumatic brain injury (TBI). We investigate associations between active substance use, peri-injury factors, and outcome after TBI across three U.S. Level I trauma centers. TBI subjects from the prospective Transforming Research and Clinical Knowledge in Traumatic Brain Injury Pilot (TRACK-TBI Pilot) with Marshall computed tomography (CT) score 1–3, no neurosurgical procedure/operation, and admission urine toxicology screen (tox+/−) were extracted. Associations between tox+/−, comorbidities, hospital variables, and six-month functional (GOSE) and neuropsychiatric (PCL-C, BSI18, RPQ-13, SWLS) outcomes were analyzed. Multivariable regression was performed for associations significant on univariate analysis with odds ratios (mOR) presented. Significance assessed at p < 0.05. In 133 subjects, tox+/tox− were 29.1%/72.9%. Tox+ was younger (35.5/43.6-years, p = 0.018), trended toward male sex (80.6%/63.9%, p = 0.067), was associated with history of seizures (27.8%/10.3%, p = 0.012), self-reported substance use (44.4%/17.5%, p = 0.001), prior TBI (58.8%/34.1%, p = 0.009), GCS < 15 (69.4%/48.4%, p = 0.031) and blood alcohol level >0.08-mg/dl (55.6%/30.8%, p = 0.022). In CT-negative subjects, tox+ was associated with increased hospital admission (95.7%/66.7%, p = 0.034). At six-months, tox+ was associated with screening positive for post-traumatic stress disorder (PCL-C: 40.0%/15.9%; mOR = 8.24, p = 0.022) and psychiatric symptoms (BSI18: 40.0%/14.3%, mOR = 11.06, p = 0.023). Active substance use in TBI may confound GCS assessment, triage to higher level of care, and be associated with increased six-month neuropsychiatric symptoms. Substance use screening should be integrated into standard emergency/acute care TBI protocols to optimize management and resource utilization. Clinicians should be vigilant in providing education, counselling, and follow-up for TBI patients with substance use. ER  - 
Subjective and objective hypersomnia highly prevalent in adults with epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Sleepiness is among the most common complaints of people with epilepsy, but objective documentation is lacking. We systematically investigated subjective and objective sleepiness in an observational cross-sectional cohort of adults with epilepsy (AWE). Methods: This is a prospective study of AWE consecutively recruited without foreknowledge of sleep/wake complaints. Polysomnography (PSG) with 18-channel electroencephalography (EEG) followed by multiple sleep latency testing (MSLT) was performed. Patients completed the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), a single-item question assessing excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS), and a 7-day sleep and seizure diary. Multivariable linear models were used to assess the association between MSLT mean sleep latency (MSL) and interests with adjustment of covariates of interest. Receiver operating characteristics (ROC) analysis was performed to evaluate the discrimination capability of ESS on MSL < 8 min and < 5 min and investigate the optimal cutpoints. Results: Among 127 AWE (mean age: 38.7 ± 13.7 years), abnormal MSL (< 8 min) was observed in 49.6% and MSL < 5 min in 31.5%. While 78% reported feeling sleepy during the day on a single-item question, only 24% had elevated scores on the ESS (> 10/24). The ESS score was associated with MSL even after adjusting for seizure frequency, antiseizure medication (ASM) standardized dose and number, age, gender, depression and insomnia symptom severity, and apnea–hypopnea index (HPI) and total sleep time on PSG (coefficients [95% confidence interval (CI)]: − 0.26 [− 0.48, − 0.05], p = 0.018). The area under the curve (AUC) of the ESS ROC predicting MSL < 8 min and MSL < 5 min were similar: 0.62 (95%CI: 0.52–0.72) and 0.62 (95%CI: 0.51–0.74). Conclusions: This is the largest prospective cross-sectional observational study to date using MSLT in AWE. We found subjective and objective daytime sleepiness highly prevalent in AWE and not explained by seizure frequency, ASM burden, symptoms of insomnia/depression, or PSG findings although those with MSL < 5 min were more likely to have obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Pathologic sleepiness with MSL < 8 min was present in half of AWE. Nearly one-third of AWE unselected for sleep/wake complaints had MSL < 5 min, a range typical of narcolepsy. ER  - 
Tailored multilobar disconnective epilepsy surgery in the posterior quadrant$$$ OBJECTIVE Surgical treatment of drug-resistant epilepsy originating from the posterior quadrant (PQ) of the brain often requires large multilobar resections, and disconnective techniques have been advocated to limit the risks associated with extensive tissue removal. Few previous studies have described a tailored temporoparietooccipital (TPO) disconnective approach; only small series with short postoperative follow-ups have been reported. The aim of the present study was to present a tailored approach to multilobar PQ disconnections (MPQDs) for epilepsy and to provide details about selection of patients, presurgical investigations, surgical technique, treatment safety profile, and seizure and cognitive outcome in a large, single-center series of patients with a long-term follow-up. METHODS In this retrospective longitudinal study, the authors searched their prospectively collected database for patients who underwent MPQD for drug-resistant epilepsy in the period of 2005–2017. Tailored MPQDs were a posteriori grouped as follows: type I (classic full TPO disconnection), type II (partial TPO disconnection), type III (full temporooccipital [TO] disconnection), and type IV (partial TO disconnection), according to the disconnection plane in the occipitoparietal area. A bivariate statistical analysis was carried out to identify possible predictors of seizure outcome (Engel class I vs classes II–IV) among several presurgical, surgical, and postsurgical variables. Preoperative and postoperative cognitive profiles were also collected and evaluated. RESULTS Forty-two consecutive patients (29 males, 24 children) met the inclusion criteria. According to the presurgical evaluation (including stereo-electroencephalography in 13 cases), 12 (28.6%), 24 (57.1%), 2 (4.8%), and 4 (9.5%) patients received a type I, II, III, or IV MPQD, respectively. After a mean follow-up of 80.6 months, 76.2% patients were in Engel class I at last contact; at 6 months and 2 and 5 years postoperatively, Engel class I was recorded in 80.9%, 74.5%, and 73.5% of cases, respectively. Factors significantly associated with seizure freedom were the occipital pattern of seizure semiology and the absence of bilateral interictal epileptiform abnormalities at the EEG (p = 0.02). Severe complications occurred in 4.8% of the patients. The available neuropsychological data revealed postsurgical improvement in verbal domains, whereas nonunivocal outcomes were recorded in the other functions. CONCLUSIONS The presented data indicate that the use of careful anatomo-electro-clinical criteria in the presurgical evaluation allows for customizing the extent of surgical disconnections in PQ epilepsies, with excellent results on seizures and an acceptable safety profile. ER  - 
Double-Blinded Randomized Pilot Clinical Trial Comparing Cognitive Side Effects & Antidepressant Efficacy of Standard Ultra Brief Pulse Right Unilateral (UBP-RUL) ECT Versus Low Amplitude-Titrated Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST)$$$ Background: Concerns over cognitive side effects limit broader usage of ECT. An open-label proof of concept LAP-ST trial has shown a better cognitive profile with LAP-ST compared to historical data of standard ECT. However, the effectiveness and cognitive side effects profile of an amplitude-titrated LAP-ST have never been compared to standard ECT in a double-blinded and randomized clinical trial. The objectives of this analysis were to: 1) Examine the cognitive side effects of LAP-ST compared to RUL-ECT using Time to Reorientation (TRO, as the primary outcome), and 2) Compare the reduction of depressive symptoms (Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale, MADRS) between the two groups. Methods: Patients clinically indicated for ECT were randomized to a course of either LAP-ST or standard RUL ECT. TRO and MADRS data were analyzed using descriptive analysis due to a priori sample size limitation for this pilot study. Results: Eleven patients with a current major depressive episode (MDE) were enrolled. Of these, seven were eligible and were randomized. TRO was more than two times faster for the LAP-ST (6.8 min) than RUL-ECT group (15.5 min). MADRS scores improved similarly in the two groups from baseline (baseline MADRS score: LAP-ST=41, RUL=39) to endpoint (endpoint MADRS score: LAP-ST=8, RUL=9.5). Most of patients in the two groups had robust improvement by session seven. Conclusions: This was the first human randomized and blinded clinical trial of LAP-ST suggesting that the LAP-ST has numerically lower cognitive side effects compared to standard ECT, with comparable efficacy. Future larger studies are warranted for replicating these findings. Supported By: Supported by the Department of Psychiatry and Health Behavior, and Office of Academic Affairs Medical College of Georgia, Augusta University, Augusta, GA, USA Keywords: Low Amplitude Seizure Therapy, Amplitude Titrated Seizure Therapy, Electroconvulsive Therapy, Depression, Treatment-Resistant Depression ER  - 
Treatment of Suicidality in Bipolar Depression With Magnetic Seizure Therapy: Clinical Effects and Neurophysiological Correlates$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly effective for acute suicidal ideation but is limited by significant adverse cognitive effects. Magnetic Seizure Therapy (MST) is a novel convulsive treatment with more focal stimulation that has been found to have no adverse cognitive effects and may be effective in bipolar depression. There is evidence that cortical inhibition measured with transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroencephalography (TMS-EEG) may predict treatment response. Methods: Bipolar depression patients with suicidal ideation, measured by the Beck Scale for Suicidal Ideation (SSI), received an open-label course of MST for 24 sessions or until remission of depression. TMS-EEG measures of the N100 peak and long interval cortical inhibition (LICI) were performed at baseline over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and motor cortex (M1). Results: In 19 patients receiving an adequate trial of MST (≥8 treatments), 47.4% achieved remission of suicidality (SSI = 0). In 14 patients completing the trial per protocol, remission rate was 57.14%. In 9 patients with TMS-EEG data, there was a significant correlation between the LICI and change in SSI in the DLPFC (r =.81, p =.02), but not the M1 (r =.2, p =.64). No correlations were found with the N100. Conclusions: In this open label trial, MST was highly effective at reducing suicidality in bipolar depression and was associated with lower baseline LICI values in the DLPFC. These results warrant further investigation with larger randomized clinical trials comparing MST and ECT with cortical inhibition as a predictor of treatment response. Supported By: MagVenture Inc. Keywords: Magnetic Seizure Therapy, Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT), Bipolar Depression, Suicidal Ideation ER  - 
Factor Structure of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale During Electroconvulsive Therapy and Magnetic Seizure Therapy in the Treatment of Major Depression$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), in which seizures are induced using high-dose repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, offers similar efficacy as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), but with lower side effects. We investigate how these treatment modalities compare in their effects on symptom dimensions of depression. Methods: This was a multicenter, double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial. Seventy-two depressed patients, age 19-80, provided informed consent to receive ECT or MST. Baseline 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-24) for ultrabrief pulse right unilateral ECT (N=38) and MST (N=35) groups were 29.7 (SD=6.1) and 31.4 (SD=7.3), respectively. We performed Exploratory Factor Analysis with the baseline itemized HAMD-24. Results: The baseline HAMD-24 items loaded onto five factors. Factor 1 consisted of suicide, depressed mood, hopelessness, worthlessness, helplessness, and guilt; Factor 2 consisted of somatic symptoms, gastro-intestinal, psychic anxiety, and diurnal variation; Factor 3 consisted of insomnia and general somatic symptoms; Factor 4 consisted of anxiety somatic, loss of weight, hypochondriasis, and insight; Factor 5 consisted of agitation and retardation. Over the course of ECT or MST, Factors 1 and 2 showed significant reductions (z-scores=-3), and Factor 3 showed a moderate reduction (z-score=-2). No differences between MST and ECT were found in factor response. Conclusions: MST and ECT did not differ in their impact on symptom dimensions. The most significant improvements observed were in the general negative mood, sleep, and somatic factors. Future work will investigate predictors of the speed of treatment response using trajectory clustering and discrimination analysis. Supported By: The Stanley Medical Research Institute Keywords: Depression, Electroconvulsive Therapy, Magnetic Seizure Therapy, Treatment Resistant Depression, Factor Analysis ER  - 
Prevalence and complications of nonsurgical hypoparathyroidism in Korea: A nationwide cohort study$$$ Objective The risk of complications of nonsurgical hypoparathyroidism in Asia is unclear. We estimated the prevalence and risk of complications in patients with nonsurgical hypoparathyroidism. Methods We performed a retrospective cohort study using a nationwide claims database from 2005 to 2016. Among the entire Korean population, we identified 897 patients diagnosed with nonsurgical hypoparathyroidism during 2005–2015. We selected 210 patients with nonsurgical hypoparathyroidism during 2005–2008 who had no complications at baseline and followed them to 2016. Control subjects (n = 2075) were matched using propensity scores based on age, sex, and comorbid disease with a 1:10 ratio and monitored until 2016. Results The age-standardized prevalence of nonsurgical hypoparathyroidism was 0.2 cases per 100,000 persons in 2005. During a mean follow-up period of 9.5 years, patients with nonsurgical hypoparathyroidism had a higher risk of cardiovascular disease, especially arrhythmia (hazard ratio [HR], 2.03; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.11–3.70) and heart failure (HR, 2.43; 95% CI, 1.22–4.83). The risk of vertebral fracture was higher in patients than in controls (HR, 2.27; 95% CI, 1.09–4.72). Patients had a significantly increased risk of renal disease (HR, 2.57; 95% CI, 1.56–4.21), seizure (HR, 5.74; 95% CI, 3.34–9.86), depression and bipolar disease (HR, 1.82; 95% CI, 1.30–2.56), and cataract (HR, 1.90; 95% CI, 1.30–2.79) compared with controls. Conclusions The prevalence of nonsurgical hypoparathyroidism was very low in Korea but was associated with a higher risk of incident cardiovascular disease and vertebral fracture as well as known complications including renal disease, seizure, and cataract. ER  - 
PDG42 REAL-WORLD EVIDENCE OF OPIOID AND NON-OPIOID USE IN PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC NON-CANCER PAIN: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW$$$ Objectives: The increasing prevalence of prescription opioid use among patients with chronic non-cancer pain (CNCP) has become a major public health concern. Existing protocol-driven studies have limitations in assessing the effectiveness of therapies and there is a need to identify real-world studies from diverse population of patients on their use and effectiveness of opioids and non-opioids in CNCP. Methods: A systematic review using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines was conducted from 1997 to 2017 in PubMed, PsycINFO and EMBASE databases. Observational studies including retrospective cohort, case-control, cross-sectional and longitudinal studies involving patients with CNCP and above 18 years of age were included in the review. Results: A total of 369 articles were identified of which 23 studies met the inclusion/exclusion criteria. All but two studies (n = 21, 91.3%) were conducted in the United States. Majority of the studies utilized administrative claims data (n = 15, 65.21%) followed by electronic medical record (n = 3, 13.04 %) and survey (n = 2, 8.7%). Few studies (n = 8, 34.8%) evaluated the use of opioids in patients with CNCP with a history of substance use or mental health disorder, or with other conditions like epilepsy and HIV/AIDS. Opioid drug overdose risk was higher in patients with depression and those receiving high morphine equivalent dose or long-acting opioids. Major limitations of the studies included uncertainty over actual consumption of prescribed medicines, inability to assess degree of impairment of painful conditions and mood disorders; and inability to distinguish between prevalent and incident opioid users. Conclusions: Opioids were prescribed with various concomitant drugs including benzodiazepines, anticonvulsants, antidepressants in several studies. There is a need to further explore patient factors such as pain severity and psychiatric diagnosis that predict the use of opioids and non-opioids in CNCP. ER  - 
PDG75 PREVALENCE AND FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH ANTIEPILEPTIC DRUG USE IN NURSING HOME RESIDENTS WITH PAIN$$$ Objectives: One in four US nursing home (NH) residents received antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Gabapentinoid use was presumably associated with pain. This study described the prevalence and assessed the factors associated with AED use in NH residents with pain. Methods: We performed a cross- sectional study among 14,398 US NHs on Sep 1, 2016. Minimum Dataset 3.0 (MDS 3.0) was used to identify demographics and other covariates (i.e., conditions associated with AED indications, AED safety, and epilepsy comorbidities). Medicare Part D ascertained the use of AEDs. We conducted robust Poisson and multinomial logistic regression models to estimate adjusted prevalence ratios (aPR) and odds ratios (aOR), respectively, accounting for the clustering within NH facilities. Results: The study included 132,222 residents with pain. Overall, 34.4% used AEDs. Gabapentin (23.3%), levetiracetam (4.2%), pregabalin (3.6%), phenytoin (1.7%), and lamotrigine (1.4%) were most commonly prescribed. Greater AED use was associated with epilepsy (aPR = 2.39; 95% CI= 2.34- 2.42), bipolar disorder (aPR = 1.15; 95% CI = 1.13- 1.18), diabetes (aPR = 1.27; 95% CI = 1.25- 1.28), anxiety (aPR = 1.08; 95% CI = 1.06- 1.10), depression (aPR = 1.17; 95% CI = 1.15- 1.19) or stroke (aPR = 1.10; 95% CI = 1.08- 1.12). Decreased AED use was associated with Alzheimer’s disease/ dementia (aPR = 0.93; 95% CI = 0.92- 0.95) or cognitive impairment (aPR severe vs. no impairment = 0.50; 95% CI = 0.48- 0.52). Gabapentinoid use was not associated with an epilepsy indication, but with diabetes (aOR = 1.69; 95% CI = 1.64- 1.73) and depression (aOR = 1.34; 95% CI = 1.30- 1.38). Conclusions: AEDs are commonly used by nursing home residents with pain, gabapentinoids in particular. Multiple comorbidities were associated with AED use. ER  - 
Clinical Profiles and Health Services Patterns of Medicaid-Enrolled Youths Who Died by Suicide$$$ Importance: Youth suicide is a major public health problem, and health care settings play a critical role in suicide prevention efforts, but limited data are available to date on health and mental health service use patterns before suicide. Objective: To compare the clinical profiles and patterns of use of health and mental health care services among children and adolescents who died by suicide and a matched living control group. Design, Setting, and Participants: This population-based case-control study used Medicaid data from 16 states merged with mortality data. Suicide cases (n = 910) included all youths aged 10 to 18 years who died by suicide from January 1, 2009, to December 31, 2013. Controls (n = 6346) were matched to suicide cases on sex, race, ethnicity, Medicaid eligibility category, state, and age. Data were analyzed from July 18 to November 19, 2019. Exposures: Use of health and mental health care services. Main Outcomes and Measures: Health and behavioral health care visits in the 6-month period before the index date (date of suicide). Associations among visits, clinical characteristics, and suicide were examined using logistic regression. Results: The study population of 7256 Medicaid-enrolled youths included 5292 males (72.9%) with a mean (SD) age of 15.7 (2.0) years at the index date; 3619 (49.9%) were non-Hispanic white. Three hundred seventy-six suicide decedents (41.3%) had a mental health diagnosis in the 6 months before death compared with 1111 controls (17.5%; P <.001). A greater proportion of suicide decedents than controls used services before the index date (in 6 months, 687 suicide decedents [75.5%] vs 3669 controls [57.8%]; odds ratio [OR], 2.39 [95% CI, 2.02-2.82]). Suicide risk was highest among youths with epilepsy (OR, 4.89; 95% CI, 2.81-8.48; P <.001), depression (OR, 3.19; 95% CI, 2.49-4.09; P <.001), schizophrenia (OR, 3.18; 95% CI, 2.00-5.06; P <.001), substance use disorder (OR, 2.65; 95% CI, 1.67-4.20; P <.001), and bipolar disorder (OR, 2.09; 95% CI, 1.58-2.76; P <.001). More mental health visits within the 30 days before the index date were associated with decreased odds of suicide (OR, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.65-0.92; P =.005). Conclusions and Relevance: This study found that among youths aged 10 to 18 years who were enrolled in Medicaid, clinical characteristics and patterns of use of health care services among suicide decedents were distinct from those of nonsuicide controls. Implementation of suicide screening protocols for youths enrolled in Medicaid, targeted based on the frequency of visits, psychiatric diagnoses, and epilepsy, may have the potential to decrease suicide rates. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive Therapy for the Treatment of Severe Mood Disorders during Adolescence: A Retrospective Chart Review$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a well-recognized treatment of refractory mood disorders in adults. However, relatively little is known about its use for similar conditions in adolescents. Based on a chart review, we describe its use and outcome in a sample of adolescents with severe, refractory mood disorders (unipolar or bipolar disorder) hospitalized in an academic medical center. Methods: The sample was drawn from referrals to an adolescent psychiatry service. After obtaining approval from the ethics board, medical records of 54 adolescents with refractory mood disorder were examined. Participants (males 24, females 30; mean age 15.8 ± 1.5 years) had received their first course of ECT before the age of 18 years during the period 1996-2010. Response to treatment was examined after the initial treatment and during a 1-year follow-up. Results: Following the index course of ECT (mean number of treatments = 13.7 ± 6.3), a 52.8% response rate (defined as a Clinical Global Impressions [CGI] score ≤2) was noted, while 15.1% achieved remission (CGI = 1). The response rate was 82.4% after a 1-year follow-up with a remission rate of 23.5%. The Children's Depression Rating scores declined significantly from pre-ECT to the end of the index course (70.7 ± 16.4 to 52.5 ± 18; p ≤ 0.00). A reduction in suicidal ideation and self-injurious behaviors along with increased school attendance was noted. Cognition, monitored by the Mini-Mental State Examination, did not decline significantly. Minor side effects were limited to the day of the treatment. Prolonged seizures (>2 minutes) were common during ECT (74% of subjects experienced one or more). The only side effect noted at the 1-year follow-up was self-reported memory loss involving events during and around the index treatment course. Conclusions: In this severely impaired sample of adolescents, ECT was found to decrease suicidal behavior, reduce depressive symptoms, and improve overall functioning, as indexed by school attendance at follow-up after 1 year. Prospective studies using large samples are needed to determine its effectiveness and safety in refractory mood disorders in adolescents. ER  - 
Alternative Psychoses and Forced Normalization after Seizure Control by Anticonvulsants with Special Consideration of the New Anticonvulsants$$$ In the case of alternative psychosis and forced normalization, the patient alternates between periods of clinically manifest seizures and normal behavior, and other periods of seizure freedom (or significant seizure reduction) accompanied by psychosis or behavioral disturbances. Unlike the clinically defined alternative psychosis, forced normalization is based on EEG findings. In clinical practice and in the literature, both terms are mostly used synonymously, and they also describe the same clinical pictures. This allowed a joint evaluation of the publications about alternative psychosis and forced normalization. Most often, these two disorders occur after seizure control by anticonvulsants. In the period of older anticonvulsants, the succinimides for the treatment of absence seizures were most often associated with the development of an alternative psychosis or forced normalization. In the era of newer anticonvulsants that started with the introduction of vigabatrin, mostly patients with intractable focal seizures were affected. In 1987 - 31 years ago - paranoid hallucinatory psychosis, triggered by vigabatrin in a patient with epilepsy was reported for the first time. In the following years, reports of alternative psychosis and forced normalization appeared to be related to most of the new anticonvulsants. A comprehensive literature search provided 66 cases with detailed information on such events. More than twice as many women were likely to be affected as compared to men; the reason for this phenomenon is unclear. In four retrospective studies, another 176 alternative events were reported but no details were given. The risk of alternative psychosis and forced normalization seems to be particularly low with the new anticonvulsants oxcarbazepine, eslicarbazepine, gabapentin and pregabalin. ER  - 
Sudanese and Swedish patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: Immunological and clinical comparisons$$$ Objective: SLE is known to have an aggressive phenotype in black populations, but data from African cohorts are largely lacking. We therefore compared immunological and clinical profiles between Sudanese and Swedish patients using similar tools. Methods: Consecutive SLE patients from Sudan (n = 115) and Sweden (n = 340) and from 106 Sudanese and 318 Swedish age- and sex-matched controls were included. All patients fulfilled the 1982 ACR classification criteria for SLE. Ten ANA-associated specificities and C1q-binding immune complexes (CICs) were measured. Cut-offs were established based on Sudanese and Swedish controls, respectively. Disease activity was measured with a modified SLEDAI and organ damage with the SLICC Damage Index. In a nested case-control design, Swedish and Sudanese patients were matched for age and disease duration. Results: Females constituted 95.6% and 88.1% of Sudanese and Swedish patients, respectively (P = 0.02), with younger age at inclusion (33 vs 47.7 years; P < 0.0001) and shorter disease duration (5 vs 14 years; P < 0.0001) among Sudanese patients. Anti-Sm antibodies were more frequent in Sudanese patients, whereas anti-dsDNA, anti-histone and CICs were higher in Swedish patients. In the matched analyses, there was a trend for higher SLEDAI among Swedes. However, Sudanese patients had more damage, solely attributed to high frequencies of cranial/peripheral neuropathy and diabetes. Conclusion: While anti-Sm is more common in Sudan than in Sweden, the opposite is found for anti-dsDNA. Sudanese patients had higher damage scores, mainly because of neuropathy and diabetes. Sudanese patients were younger, with a shorter SLE duration, possibly indicating a more severe disease course with impact on survival rates. ER  - 
Music and seizures: Does it change something after glioma surgery$$$ Background and aims: Association between music and seizures is complex and intriguing. Musical processing within the human brain recruits a network involving many cortical areas that could be activated as part of temporal lobe seizure. Changing in music perceptions and emotions have been described during epilepsy surgery, but less is known regarding the same aspects in case of surgery for primary brain tumours (PBTs). We reported our monocentric experience, in a cohort of patients with PBTs and seizures characterised by auditory hallucinations. Methods: Retrospective analysis of 155 patients affected by PBTs and tumour-related epilepsy, surgically treated in our Department, between 2007 and 2017. Inclusion criteria were: tumour-related epilepsy with auditory hallucinations or sound misperception; 1st diagnosis of brain tumour; no previous chemotherapy or radiotherapy; 18 months follow-up. Results: Among 155 patients, 13 (7 males and 6 females, mean age: 50 years) were enrolled. They all presented seizures with musical hallucination or sound misperception and underwent surgery for gliomas located within the temporal lobe (10/13) and the insula (3/13). After surgery, 8/13 were in Engel class Ia; 5/13 presented new emotional reaction to music, described as increased sensitivity to high pitch and loud music. 2 subjects, both with musical education, developed musicophilia. No relations with seizure outcome, tumour histology and extent of resection were observed, while there was a statistically significant relation with pre-operative seizure frequency (p=0.002) and EEG/electrocorticographic epileptic pattern (p=0.001). Conclusion: Assessment of music perception and emotions should be considered in glioma surgery and post-operative changing should be screened. ER  - 
Fitting in: Seizure presentations over 12 months$$$ Background and aims: With an estimated 37000 people live in Ireland with a diagnosis of epilepsy, seizures are a common presentation to emergency departments. Symptomatic seizures, secondary to acute medical or surgical illness, alcohol and drug intoxication, further compounds the situation. Diagnosing, identifying triggers and management of these patients often requires neurology input. A previous study performed at our institution showed that 28% of referrals to neurology services were for seizures. We aimed to analyse all seizure presentation over a 12 month period and to identify triggers, their inpatient course and management. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of all seizure related admissions between January 1st 2018 and December 31st 2018. Seizures were identified based on based on ICD coding criteria for seizures and convulsions. Non epileptic seizures and alternative aetiologies were excluded. Data was analysed on demographics, background, length of stay, triggers, EEG and referral to neurology. Results: 304 patients were enrolled with an age range of 15-95 years. 53% were male. 27% presented as a 1st onset unprovoked seizure. 22% had a diagnosis of epilepsy. 7% had more than 1 seizure related admission. Neurologist department was consulted on 62%. 55% had an EEG, with 3 having seizures captured. Alcohol was the most obvious trigger (10%). Drugs, stroke, and medication noncompliance were also identified. Conclusion: Seizures only comprise a significant proportion of patients presenting to emergency services. Early intervention from neurologists can guide investigations and treatment. Improving outpatient resources and providing nurse led services can help in reducing seizure presentations. ER  - 
Analysis of Patients with Nonconvulsive Status Epilepticus required videoEEG monitoring in the Intensive care Unit$$$ Background and aims: Nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) is diagnosed in critically ill patients with increasing frequency. NCSE can lead to neuronal damage and is associated with neurological deterioration and increased morbidity and mortality, especially with delayed treatment. Our study aimed to evaluate the clinical predictors of poor clinical outcome in NCSE patients. Methods: Retrospective monocentric analysis of patients with NCSE with prolonged continuous VideoEEG monitoring treated at comprehensive stroke centre intensive care unit from January 2013 to June 2019. Analysed parameters were categorised by phenomenology, treatment, EEG patterns, NIHSS, age, medical history, morbidity, trigger and acute and chronic lesion. All analysed patients met Salzburg consensus criteria for NCSE. Favourable functional outcome at discharge was defined as mRS 0-2, poor outcome as mRS 3-6. Results: 46 patients, 21 ( 45.7%) men, mean age 63.9 years were included. Mean NIHSS on admission was 9.7, duration of NCSE was 13.6 days, time of hospitalisation was 25 days. Good outcome at discharge occurred in 14 (30.5%) patients. Poor outcome was 32 (69.5%) including 13 (22.2%) deaths. All patients with positive symptoms (e.g. rhythmic twitching of one or more muscle groups, tonic eye deviation, hippus or nystagmoid eye jerking) had poor outcome (p=0.026). Predictors for the poor outcome were atrial fibrillation, ischemic heart disease and history of stroke. Conclusion: The phenomenology of NCSE was demonstrated as the only significant predictor in our cohort. Our findings warrant detailed clinical follow-up of patients with NCSE for subtle signs. ER  - 
Internalized stigma in people with epilepsy$$$ Background and aims: Epilepsy is a strongly stigmatized health condition. Some people with epilepsy internalize public stigma, which may have negative impact on their psychosocial functioning. Aims: To investigate the level of internalized stigma and its associations with social network, depression and life satisfaction among patients with epilepsy. Methods: A total of 65 patients diagnosed with epilepsy (mean age 42.9 years, 24 males) were recruited from a neurological ward and neurological outpatient clinic at the Institute of Psychiatry and Neurology. They were assessed with the Internalized Stigma of Mental Illness (ISMI) scale adapted for epilepsy, the abbreviated version of the Lubben Social Network Scale (LSNS-6), the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale-Revised (CESD-R), and the Satisfaction with Life Scale (SWLS). Results: The ISMI total score was 1.89∗ (SD=0.56), meaning a relatively low level of internalized stigma. Pearson correlations indicated significant positive associations of stigma with the intensity of depressive symptoms (r=0.43, p<0.001) and significant negative associations with the size of social network (r=-0.52, p<0.0001), and with the dgree of life satisfaction (r =-0.51, p<0.0001). ∗Possible scores range from 1 to 4, with higher scores indicating more severe internalized stigma. According to Ritsher & Phelan (2004), scores above the midpoint of the scale denote high internalized stigma. Conclusion: Since internalized stigma is related to various indicators of psychosocial functioning, it should be considered as important target of treatment and rehabilitation of people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Premature mortality and causes of death of people with epilepsy in South Korea$$$ Background and aims: Previous studies have consistently reported premature mortality of people with epilepsy. However, there is no epidemiological study about mortality of people with epilepsy in South Korea. Methods: Using the National Health Insurance Service database and National Death Registry of Korea, a retrospective cohort study of people with epilepsy was carried out. Epilepsy patients was defined as a current medication history of antiepileptic drugs AND the presence of International Classification of Disease (ICD)-10 codes of G40∗ (epilepsy), G41∗ (status epilepticus), F803 (Landau- Kleffner syndrome), and R56 (convulsion). Incident case was defined as epilepsy patients with 2-year disease free period. Specific causes of death were recorded according to ICD-10 codes. Results: Using incident patient cohort from 2009 to 2017, 20,213 deaths (among total 138,998 incident patients) were recorded. Overall mortality (standardized mortality ratio, SMR) in incident people with epilepsy was 2.36 (95% CI, 2.33-2.40). The SMRs attenuated with increasing age and disease duration. The SMRs were associated with residence, household income, disease burden, history of status epilepticus, and comorbid disease. The common causes of death were cancer (N=4,503, proportional mortality ratio, PMR: 22.4%), Sequelae of cerebral vascular disease (N=2,044, 10.2%), External causes (N=1,441, 7.2%), and Pneumonia (N=1,198, 6.0%). Among external causes, suicide was the most common cause of death (N=525, 2.6%). Conclusion: In South Korea, people with epilepsy have a higher risk of premature death. Although symptomatic causes of epilepsy were the most common causes of death, there are many preventable deaths such as suicide. ER  - 
Sleep features of patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES)$$$ Background and aims: Sleep complaints are frequently reported by patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) but, up to now, few studies evaluated hypnic features by means of polysomnography. Objective of our study was to assess the polysomnographic sleep features of a group of patients with PNES. Methods: We performed a retrospective observational study in the Neurological Clinic of the University of Catania. We enrolled patients for whom a diagnosis of PNES was made, after excluding all other possible diagnoses. We also enrolled a group of controls without epilepsy and a group of drug-naïve patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy. We excluded subject who were taking antiepileptic treatment. All subjects underwent a long-term EEG monitoring, including at least one night of sleep. Results: 33 patients with PNES [mean age 33.4±13.7 years; M=9 (27.3%)], 34 controls [mean age 38±15.5 years; M=17 (47.1%)] and 46 patients with epilepsy [mean age 29.5±15.3 years; M=17 (37.0%)] were enrolled. At the multivariate analysis, adjusting for age, sex and psychotropic therapy, patients with PNES displayed a significant reduced latency of REM sleep (73.2±22.1, mean) both compared to controls (98±54.8, p=0.025) and patients with epilepsy (110.5±51.6, p<0.0001), while an increase in REM sleep percentage (22.8±6.4) was recorded compared to patients with epilepsy (18.2±5.2, p=0.005). Conclusion: The results of our study show significant differences, mainly in REM sleep structure, in patients with PNES, resembling the sleep structure of patients with mood disorders. ER  - 
Mass media and Movement disorders: A study of the effects of media on mass psychogenic illness$$$ Background and aims: This study presents clinical data from a rare case of Mass Psychogenic Illness (MPI) involving movement disorders and explores how symptom exacerbation was influenced by media coverage. Methods: A retrospective study evaluated clinical histories, precipitating events, treatment strategies, severity and duration of illness for the 16 patients seen at DENT Neurologic Institute. Publications, broadcasts, and other forms of public documentation regarding the affected patient cohort were retrospectively collected. A timeline of patients' encounters and media reporting was developed to examine the evolution of the MPI event and factors which may have prolonged symptomatology. Results: The completed timeline displays a relationship between mainstream media and the exacerbation of patients' symptoms. Noticeable increased frequency in tics, syncopal episodes, and psychogenic seizures coincided with media attention. When public attention on the case ceased, symptoms resolved in sixteen patients and improved in one patient. There were 14 instances of media attention and 13 reported incidents of exacerbations amongst the patients. Patients reported from 0 to 5 exacerbations. Observed worsening of symptoms occurred within 72 hours of a media event for these reported exacerbations. Conclusion: There is a possible relationship found between media attention/events and exacerbation of symptoms of MPI in this cohort. These findings may give researchers and clinicians more insight into the symptomology and demonstration of MPI in a modern setting. Occurrences of MPI may be affected by media involvement and clinicians should be aware of the possible associated risks. ER  - 
The maternal effect in epilepsy-findings from a Danish population-based study$$$ Background and aims: Many previous studies have found a higher risk of epilepsy in offspring of affected mothers than in offspring of affected fathers. We examined whether this maternal effect was present in a large-scale populationbased sample. Methods: We considered all singletons born in Denmark between 1981 and 2016. Using diagnostic information from the Danish registers, we identified diagnoses of epilepsy and other neuropsychiatric disorders in all cohort members and their family members. Results: We included 1.754.742 individuals contributing with >30 million person-years of follow-up. The incidence rate (IR) of epilepsy in offspring of unaffected parents was 78.8 (95% CI: 77.8-79.8) per 100.000 person-years, while the corresponding rate was 172 (95% CI: 156-187) in offspring with an affected father, and 260 (95% CI: 243- 277) in offspring with an affected mother. Thus, having an affected mother was associated with a 1.45-fold (95% CI: 1.30-1.65) higher risk of epilepsy in the offspring, compared to having an affected father. This maternal effect was found both in male (adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) =1.39, 95% CI: 1.19-1.61) and female offspring (aHR=1.53, 95% CI: 1.31- 1.79), across various ages at onset in the offspring (0-4, 5-9, 10-14, 15-19, 20-24 and 25-29 years), and in familial epilepsies, where the affected parent had an affected sibling (aHR=1.50, 95% CI: 1.07-2.12). The maternal effect was stronger in epilepsy, than in other neuropsychiatric disorders (e.g. schizophrenia aHR: 1.19, 95% CI: 1.04-1.37). Conclusion: We found a clear maternal effect on offspring risk of epilepsy in this nationwide cohort study. ER  - 
A fourth category of VGKC positive patients: A retrospective study from a south Indian population.$$$ Background and aims: Traditionally VGKC (Voltage Gated pottasium channel) autoimmune encephalitis (AE) is categorized into LGi1, CASPR2, or both negative. We identified a 4th category of patients, who were positive for both LGi1 and CASPR2 and aim to highlight their clinical characteristics and outcomes. Methods: We retrospectively selected patients admitted to a university hospital between January 2016 to December 2019 with a serologically proven diagnosis of VGKC positive AE. Patients with encephalopathy secondary to infection, structural lesions, drug/toxin related, nutritional or metabolic were excluded. Data on history, examination, baseline investigations, Cerebrospinal-fluid analysis, neuroimaging and outcomes were collected. Comparative analysis was done between the 3 VGKC autoimmune subgroups A) LGi1 positive B) CASPR2 positive and C) LGi1 and CASPR2 positive. Results: 16 patients were included in the study, out of which 12 were positive for LGi1, 2 were positive for CASPR2, and 2 patients positive for both. Clinically 77% of LGi1 patients had behavioural changes, 55% had the characteristic facio-brachial dystonic seizures whereas 33% had GTCS (Generalised tonic-clonic seizures). Both the CASPR2 patients presented with behavioural changes, whereas one of them had hallucination, and fasciculation. In contrast patients who were positive for both antibodies, had isolated neuromyotonia. IVIG (Intravenous Immunoglobulin) was required for 2 patients from the LGi1 group, none from the CASPR2 group and for both dual positive patients. Conclusion: The 4th subgroup highlighted in this study, describes patients with antibody positivity to both LGi1 and CASPR2, presenting with isolated neuromyotonia, with absence of seizure or behavioural disturbances, requiring IVIG, and making good recovery without relapses. ER  - 
A chart review of emergency department visits following implementation of the Cannabis Act in Canada$$$ Introduction: The legalization of cannabis for recreational use in 2018 remains a controversial topic. There are multiple perceived benefits of cannabis including pain relief, treatment of epilepsy syndromes, and improving body weight of cancer patients. However, there are also many potential risks. The short-term health consequences include cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome and cannabis induced psychosis. These conditions directly impact the influx of patients presenting to Emergency Departments (ED). There is currently limited research in the area of cannabis legalization burden. However, the studies performed have shown a significant impact in those states which cannabis is legal. A study completed in Colorado found that hospitalization rates with marijuana related billing codes increased from 274 to 593 per 100 000 hospitalizations after the state legalization of recreational cannabis. This study aims to examine if Canada's hospitals are experiencing the same burden as other jurisdictions. Methods: A descriptive study was preformed via a retrospective chart review of cannabis related visits in tertiary EDs in St. John's, NL, from six months prior to the date of legalization of cannabis for recreational use, to six months after. Hospital ED visit records from both the Health Science Centre and St. Clare's Mercy Hospital were searched using keywords to identify patients who presented with symptoms related to cannabis use. We manually reviewed all visit records that included one or more of these terms to distinguish true positives from false positive cases, unrelated to cannabis use. Results: A total of 287 charts were included in the study; 123 visits were related to cannabis use six months prior to legalization, and 164 six months after legalization. A significant increase in ED visits following the legalization of recreational cannabis was seen (p < .001). There was no significant difference in the age of users between the two groups. Additionally, the number one presenting complaint due to cannabis use was vomiting (47.7%), followed by anxiety (12.2%). Conclusion: Following the implementation of the Cannabis Act in Canada, EDs in St. John's, NL had a statistically significant increase in the number of visits related to cannabis use. It is important to determine such consequences to ensure hospitals and public health agencies are prepared to treat the influx of visits and are better equipped to manage the associated symptoms. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of levetiracetam in the off-label treatment of neonatal seizures$$$ Background: Treatment of neonatal seizures includes etiotropic and anticonvulsant treatments. However, anticonvulsant use in neonates is off-label and requires ethical review. Objective: To investigate the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam for neonatal seizures and to establish a predictive model. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed 125 neonatal seizure cases (phenobarbital 66 cases, levetiracetam 59 cases). The efficacy, safety and tolerability of levetiracetam were evaluated by cox regression survival analysis and a regression tree prediction model for the 16-week time point. Results: There was no significant difference between phenobarbital and levetiracetam treatment group in short-term efficacy (p > 0.05). But the cumulative survival function suggested that levetiracetam treatment group was better than phenobarbital (p = 0.026) in long-term efficacy evaluation. Neurodevelopmental assessments at 16 weeks showed that levetiracetam had better effect on the neurodevelopmental level (Gesell scores in response) than phenobarbital (p = 0.011). The main adverse events with levetiracetam were irritability and anorexia. According to the regression tree prediction model, the top three factors influencing the therapeutic effect were pre-treatment seizure frequency, age of onset and etiological classification. Conclusion: Levetiracetam shows good efficacy, safety and tolerability for the long-term neonatal seizure treatment. ER  - 
A drug safety evaluation of risankizumab for psoriasis$$$ Introduction: Risankizumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin (IL)-23A, interfering with the IL-23/17 axis that plays a crucial role in keratinocyte proliferation. In 2019, risankizumab was approved globally for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Areas covered: The safety profile of risankizumab for the treatment of psoriasis is assessed in this review. A literature search was performed on 18 October 2019, and additional data from pooled safety analyses were evaluated. Expert opinion: Drugs blocking the IL-23 pathway are the most recently approved treatment for psoriasis, and risankizumab seems to be the most effective one among the three IL-23 blockers approved. Risankizumab was generally well tolerated in the clinical trials and was found to be relatively safe. The safety profile of risankizumab is generally similar in clinical trials compared to adalimumab and ustekinumab. In a subset of patients with latent tuberculosis, no active tuberculosis developed after risankizumab treatment for 55 weeks without tuberculosis prophylaxis. The combination of safety, efficacy and less frequent injection (every 12 weeks) make risankizumab an attractive new choice for individuals with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. However, the long-term impact of anti-drug antibodies (24%) observed in pivotal studies as well as safety concerns in those with viral infections, hepatitis, malignancies and those in endemic tuberculosis areas, await further studies. ER  - 
Gender Differences in Longitudinal Associations Between Intimate Care, Resiliency, and Depression Among Informal Caregivers of Patients Surviving the Neuroscience Intensive Care Unit$$$ Background/Objective: Informal caregivers (e.g., family and friends) are at risk for developing depression, which can be detrimental to both caregiver and patient functioning. Initial evidence suggests that resiliency may reduce the risk of depression. However, gender differences in associations between multiple psychosocial resiliency factors and depression have not been examined among neuroscience intensive care unit (neuro-ICU) caregivers. We explored interactions between caregiver gender and baseline resiliency factors on depression symptom severity at baseline through 3 and 6 months post-discharge. Methods: Caregivers (N = 96) of neuro-ICU patients able to provide informed consent to participate in research were enrolled as part of a prospective, longitudinal study in the neuro-ICU of a major academic medical center. Caregiver sociodemographics and resiliency factors (coping, mindfulness, self-efficacy, intimate care, and preparedness for caregiving) were assessed during the patient’s hospitalization (i.e., baseline). Levels of depressive symptoms were measured using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months post-discharge. Results: Baseline depressive symptoms predicted depressive symptoms at both 3- and 6-month follow-ups, with no difference at any time point in rates of depression by gender. At baseline, greater levels of coping, mindfulness, and preparedness for caregiving were individually associated with lower levels of concurrent depression regardless of gender (ps < 0.006). The main effect of baseline coping remained significant at 3-month follow-up (p = 0.045). We observed a trend-level interaction between gender and baseline intimate care, such that among male caregivers only, high baseline intimate care was associated with lower depression at 3-month follow-up (p = 0.055). At 6-month follow-up, we observed a significant interaction between caregiver gender and baseline intimate care, such that male caregivers reporting high intimate care reported lower symptoms of depression than females reporting high intimate care (p = 0.037). Conclusions: Results support implementation of psychosocial resiliency interventions for caregivers of patients admitted to the neuro-ICU early in the recovery process. Male caregivers may particularly benefit from strategies focused on increasing intimate care (e.g., physical and emotional affection with their loved one) and quality of the patient-caregiver dyadic relationship. ER  - 
Prevalence of physical and mental health conditions in Medicare-enrolled, autistic older adults$$$ While there is emerging evidence on the prevalence of physical and mental health conditions among autistic adults, less is known about this population’s needs during older adulthood (aged 65+). We conducted a cross-sectional retrospective cohort study of 2016–2017 Medicare data to compare the prevalence of physical and mental health conditions in a national sample of autistic older adults (N = 4685) to a matched population comparison (N = 46,850) cohort. Autistic older adults had significantly greater odds of nearly all physical health conditions including epilepsy (odds ratio = 18.9; 95% confidence interval = 17.2–20.7), Parkinson’s disease (odds ratio = 6.1; 95% confidence interval = 5.3–7.0), and gastrointestinal conditions (odds ratio = 5.2; 95% confidence interval = 4.9–5.5). Most mental health conditions were more common among autistic older adults, including schizophrenia and psychotic disorders (odds ratio = 25.3; 95% confidence interval = 22.4–28.7), attention deficit disorders (odds ratio = 24.4; 95% confidence interval = 16.2–31.0), personality disorders (odds ratio = 24.1; 95% confidence interval = 17.8–32.5), and suicidality or self-inflicted injury (odds ratio = 11.1; 95% confidence interval = 8.9–13.8). Health conditions commonly associated with advanced age in the general population (e.g. osteoporosis, cognitive disorders, heart disease, cancer, cerebrovascular disease, osteoarthritis) were also significantly more common among autistic older adults. By highlighting the significant physical and mental health needs for which autistic older adults require care, our findings can inform healthcare systems, healthcare providers, and public health initiatives seeking to promote well-being in this growing population. ER  - 
Serum and CSF anti-nmdar antibody testing in psychiatry$$$ Objective: The authors examined and compared the clinical presentation of CSF positive and negative N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) antibody. Methods: The investigators performed a retrospective chart review of NMDAR-antibody-positive cases (serum or CSF) involving patients presenting to psychiatric services from 2010 to 2018 in Queensland, Australia. Presentation, prog-ress, investigations, and efficacy of treatment are detailed. Results: There were 24 serum or CSF NMDAR-antibody-positive cases and three equivocal serum results. High rates of prodromal cognitive deficits, catatonia, speech distur-bance, and antipsychotic sensitivity were observed in the 16 CSF NMDAR-antibody-positive case patients and two CSF NMDAR-antibody-negative case patients, all evident before neurological deterioration with seizures, movement disorder, and autonomic disturbance occurring in the weeks following admission. The majority of these patients (N=17) were treated successfully with immunomodulatory therapy. The nine remaining patients, who were CSF NMDAR antibody negative or equivocal, did not demonstrate any of these features and improved with psychiatric care alone. Conclusions: These findings suggest that traditional psychiatric care may be appropriate for patients with isolated psychiatric symptoms who have positive serum NMDAR testing when CSF is negative and there are no key clinical features such as cognitive deficits, catatonia, speech dis-turbance, and antipsychotic sensitivity. However, if these key features are present, a trial of immunomodulatory treatment should be considered with repeated examination of CSF for neuronal antibodies. ER  - 
Decreased glucose utilization contributes to memory impairment in patients with glufosinate ammonium intoxication$$$ The symptoms of glufosinate ammonium (GLA) intoxication include gastrointestinal and neurologic symptoms, respiratory failure, and cardiovascular instability. Among these, neurologic symptoms including loss of consciousness, memory impairment, and seizure are characteristic of GLA poisoning. However, the mechanism of brain injury by GLA poisoning is still poorly understood. We investigated nine patients who had performed an F-18 fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) positron emission tomography (PET) scan because of memory impairment caused by GLA ingestion. FDG-PET images of patients with GLA intoxication were compared with 24 age-and sex-matched healthy controls to evaluate whether the patients had abnormal patterns of glucose metabolism in the brain. Decreased glucose metabolism was observed in the inferior frontal and temporal lobes of these patients with GLA intoxication when compared with 24 age-and sex-matched healthy controls. Three patients performed follow-up FDG-PET scans. However, it was shown that the results of the follow-up FDG-PET scans were determined to be inconclusive. Our study showed that memory impairment induced by GLA intoxication was associated with glucose hypometabolism in the inferior frontal and temporal lobes in the brain. ER  - 
Adverse Childhood Experiences (ACEs) and Headaches Among Children: A Cross-Sectional Analysis$$$ Objectives: This cross-sectional study examined the association between adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) and history of frequent headaches (including migraine) among children 3-17 years old using data from the 2016 and 2017 U.S. National Survey of Children’s Health (NSCH). Background: ACEs include abuse (physical, emotional, or sexual), parental divorce, death, mental illness, or addiction, and are linked to higher morbidity and mortality in adulthood. A relationship between ACEs and headaches exists among adults, but studies examining the relationship among children are lacking. To our knowledge, no studies have examined the link among children using NSCH data. Methods: The NSCH is a nationally representative survey of U.S. children’s physical and emotional well-being aimed at understanding their health needs. Parental-reported information was collected on child history of headaches and 9 ACEs for the selected child. The survey collected information on 71,881 children in 2016 and 2017 out of which 61,565 were eligible for the study (age ≥3 years and not missing data on history headaches). Children with missing values for headache, ACEs, or covariates (n = 58,958) were excluded from the final analysis. We used multivariable logistic regression with survey weighting and adjusted for demographics and comorbidities (anxiety, depression, epilepsy, and brain injury) to examine the association between ACEs and headaches overall and stratified by gender. We further assessed the independent relationship between each ACE and headaches. Results: In the current study, out of 61,656 children, 26,884 (48.6%) experienced at least 1 ACE and 3426 (6.5%) experienced 4+ ACEs. Overall, compared with children with no ACEs, the adjusted odds of headache were 1.34 times higher among children with 1 reported ACE (95% CI: 1.07, 1.68), 2.15 times higher among children with 2 ACEs (95% CI: 1.66, 2.80), 1.89 times higher among children with 3 ACEs (95% CI: 1.40, 2.53), and 3.40 times higher among children with 4+ ACEs (95% CI: 2.61, 4.43). Females with 3 and 4+ ACEs were somewhat more likely to report headaches compared to males with the same number of ACEs. Individually, no ACE was independently associated with history of headaches except for difficulty due to family’s income (aOR = 2.46, 95% CI: 1.98, 3.06). Conclusion: Experiencing one or more ACEs vs none was associated with higher risk of headaches in children, and difficulty due to family’s income was the only ACE independently associated with headaches. Our findings support results of other studies on ACEs and headache in young adults and suggest that adverse ACE-related health outcomes begin earlier than previously recognized. Additionally, struggling due to low income may represent a constellation of chronic stressors that independently contribute to poor health outcomes in childhood as compared to other individual ACEs. Future research should examine the importance of specific ACE clusters and stressors during childhood. ER  - 
Neuroimaging Features, Follow-Up Analyses, and Comparisons Between Asymptomatic and Symptomatic Neurosyphilis$$$ Introduction: Many studies have explored the imaging characteristics of patients with neurosyphilis, but no systematic study has been made on the neuroimaging changes after anti-syphilitic treatment. The purpose of this study was to examine neuroimaging differences before and after treatment, comparing patients with asymptomatic and symptomatic neurosyphilis. Methods: A total of 102 patients with neurosyphilis, including 60 cases of symptomatic neurosyphilis and 42 cases of asymptomatic neurosyphilis, were identified between December 2012 and June 2019. Their demographics, medical histories, serological tests of peripheral blood and cerebrospinal fluid, and especially neuroimaging features before and after anti-syphilitic treatment were collected and analyzed. Results: The patients presented with variable clinical and neuroimaging features, including cerebral infarction or hemorrhage, atrophy, demyelination, arteritis, encephalitis, and hippocampal sclerosis. A total of 29 neuroradiological re-examinations were performed in 19 patients treated with anti-syphilitic medicine. The results indicated that some patients still presented neuroradiological progression after treatment, including 42.1% showing infarction lesions, 47.4% mild to severe brain atrophy, and 15.8% white matter demyelination. Conclusion: The clinical and neuroimaging features of neurosyphilis patients are diverse, and their follow-up neuroimaging continued to show progression even with standardized treatment. ER  - 
Comparison of intravenous regional anesthesia with single-cuff forearm tourniquet and hematoma block and traditional method in patients with distal radius fractures$$$ a randomized clinical trial; Objective: To investigate the effect of intravenous regional anesthesia with single-cuff forearm tourniquet and hematoma block on intraoperative and postoperative pain intensity of patients with distal radial bone fracture. Methods: In this randomized clinical trial, a total number of 52 patients with distal radius fractures were randomly assigned to receive either a traditional Bier block with 3 mg.kg-1 lidocaine (D group) or a singlecuff forearm tourniquet intravenous regional anesthesia with 1.5 mg.kg-1 lidocaine and a hematoma block with 10 mL 0.5% bupivacaine (S group). Pain intensity score of numerical rating scale (NRS) was measured hourly for 6 hours, then every two hours till 12th hour and every 4 hours until 24th postoperative hour. Total morphine consumption in the first 24 hours after surgery, its side effects and the patients’ global satisfaction were assessed in each group. Results: Mean total morphine consumption during the first 24 hours after surgery was 11.68±7.88 mg in group D and 7.12±4.42 mg in group S (p=0.13). Pain intensity score of NRS both during recovery room and surgical ward stay was less in S group compared to D group (0.016 and 0.02, respectively). Conclusion: Intravenous regional anesthesia with single cuff forearm tourniquet and hematoma block compared to the traditional Bier block reduced intraoperative and postoperative pain intensity more effectively in patients with distal fracture of the radius bone and also reduced morphine consumption during the first 24 hours after surgery. ER  - 
Immunological biomarkers in neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus: a comparative cross-sectional study from a tertiary care center in South India$$$ Introduction: The prevalence of various immunological biomarkers in neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) differs among various patients with varied neuropsychiatric manifestations and different populations. We studied the prevalence of these biomarkers; especially the neuron specific autoantibodies in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and compared them among patients with and without neuropsychiatric involvement. Methodology: This is a comparative cross-sectional study conducted in a tertiary care hospital in South India. The prevalence of immunological biomarkers including complement levels, systemic and brain specific autoantibodies (anti-myelin antibody, anti–myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein and anti–myelin-associated glycoprotein antibody) were assessed and compared among those with and without NPSLE and with different NPSLE manifestations. Results: A total of 522 SLE patients were enrolled in the study. The mean age of the study participants was 28.5 ± 8.8 years and 93.5% were women. Neuropsychiatric manifestations were seen in 167 (32%) patients. Seizure was the most common neuropsychiatric manifestation seen in 41.3%, followed by psychosis (18.6%), mood disorder (16.8%), stroke (10.8%), mononeuropathy (10.2%), headache (9.6%), acute confusional state (6.6%) and aseptic meningitis (5.4%). Patients with NPSLE had a higher SLE disease activity index score. Most of the autoantibodies, that is anticardiolipin antibody (aCL), anti–β2 glycoprotein 1 antibody (β2GP1), lupus anticoagulant (LA), anti-nucleosome, anti–ribosomal P, anti-Ro52, anti-Ro60 and anti-La, were seen in higher proportion in the NPSLE group, although the difference failed to reach statistical significance. On subgroup analysis, psychosis was significantly higher in patients with anti-ribosomal P positivity than without (11.8% versus 4.1%, p.0.007; odds ratio (OR) 3.1, confidence interval (CI) 1.4–6.8), while stroke had a higher proportion among those with positive b2GP1 IgG (6.3% versus 1.8%, p.0.03; OR 3.6, CI 1.2–11.0). A higher proportion of demyelination was seen among the LA positive than the negative (10.3% versus 0.2%, p.0.03; OR 5.39, CI 1.15–24.17) and anti–myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein in mood disorder (14.3% versus 3.4%, p = 0.03; OR 4.66, CI 1.13–19.13). Conclusion: No single biomarker correlated with NPSLE. Among different NPSLE manifestations, the prevalence of IgG β2GP1 in stroke, LA in demyelination, anti–ribosomal P in psychosis and anti–myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein in mood disorder were higher. Further studies on the pathogenic mechanisms underlying NPSLE and its different manifestations may help us to identify better biomarkers. ER  - 
Long-term safety, efficacy, and quality of life outcomes with adjunctive brivaracetam treatment at individualized doses in patients with epilepsy: An up to 11-year, open-label, follow-up trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate long-term safety/tolerability of brivaracetam at individualized doses ≤200 mg/d (primary) and maintenance of efficacy over time (secondary) in adults with focal seizures or primary generalized seizures (PGS) enrolled in phase 3, open-label, long-term follow-up trial N01199 (NCT00150800). Methods: Patients ≥16 years of age who had completed double-blind, placebo-controlled adjunctive brivaracetam trials NCT00175825, NCT00490035, NCT00464269, or NCT00504881 were eligible. Outcomes included safety, efficacy, and quality of life. Results: The safety set included 667 patients (focal seizures, 97.8%; PGS, 2.2%); the efficacy set included 648 patients with focal seizures and 15 patients with PGS. Overall, 49.2% of patients had ≥48 months of exposure. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) occurred in 91.2% of all patients (91.3% of focal seizures group), brivaracetam discontinuation due to TEAEs in 14.8%, drug-related TEAEs in 56.7%, and serious TEAEs in 22.8%. The most common TEAEs in the focal seizures group (≥15%) were headache (25.3%) and dizziness (21.9%). Mean changes from baseline in Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale scores at last value during 2-year evaluation were −0.7 (standard deviation [SD] = 4.3) and −0.2 (SD = 4.4) overall. In the focal seizures group, median reduction from baseline in focal seizure frequency/28 days was 57.3%, 50% responder rate was 55.6%, and 6-month and 12-month seizure freedom rates were 30.3% and 20.3%, respectively. Efficacy outcomes improved by exposure duration cohort and then stabilized through the 108-month cohort. Mean improvement from baseline in Patient-Weighted Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory total score (efficacy set) was 5.7 (SD = 16.1, Cohen's d = 0.35) at month 12 and 6.5 (SD = 18.0, Cohen's d = 0.36) at month 24. Significance: Adjunctive brivaracetam was well tolerated, with a good safety profile in long-term use in adults with epilepsy at individualized doses. Approximately half of the patients remained in the trial at 4 years. Brivaracetam reduced focal seizure frequency versus baseline. Efficacy improved with increasing exposure duration and remained stable through the 9-year cohort. ER  - 
Is there a correlation between vitamin d deficiency and low serum level of gdnf in substance use disorder cases?$$$ Background: GDNF is a neurotrophic factor that is crucial to survival and in the development of dopaminergic neurons. It is produced in the adult brain in the Nucleus Accumbens (NA) and subsequently transported as retrograde to Ventral Tegmental Area (VTA). The VTA-NA pathway is an important component of the mesolimbic dopamine system, which is the main target of substances of abuse in the brain. Interestingly, wide distribution of vitamin D receptors throughout the brain, in particular the concentration of those receptors in dopaminergic neurons, raises the assumption of potential interaction between GDNF and vitamin D. Vitamin D is effective in GDNF expression and the administration of vitamin D increases GDNF, mRNA, and protein levels in the striatum of adult rats. Our study investigated the association between serum Vitamin D and GDNF levels in subjects who were using substances, compared with controls. For this purpose GDNF and vitamin D serum level were compared between three groups of subjects: those using opioids and methamphetamine concomitantly, others using methamphetamine without opioids, and a control group without any use of substances. Methods: According to the inclusion and exclusion criteria of the study, 54 participants who used substances and 23 healthy subjects as a control group were evaluated for serum levels of Vitamin D and GDNF. Results: Serum levels of GDNF and Vitamin D were significantly lower in subjects who were using substances compared with the control group. There was a significant correlation between the serum levels of vitamin D and GDNF in both groups of subjects taking substances. Conclusions: We would like to put forward the hypothesis that the treatment of vitamin D deficiency in people who use substances might improve the outcome of treatment for substance use disorder by increasing levels of serum GDNF. ER  - 
Current opioid access, use and problems in Asian jurisdictions$$$ Background: Opioids are being used more frequently in the management of non-malignant chronic pain. This practice has now led to a new and growing problem with addiction and misuse of opioids. Because of various negative effects, the use of opioids for long term management of chronic pain is not indicated unless other pain relievers of low risk have been found ineffective. Opioids are commonly prescribed and widely used to treat pain outcomes in Asia. Method: A stretched analysis was used in this review, by a comprehensive study using MEDLINE/Pubmed, Google Scholar, Sciencedirect and library searches. Peer reviewed articles were also included in this review of opioid findings in Southeast Asia. Results: Results from the cross-sectional study with 465 adult cancer patients from 22 sites in Southeast Asia who received analgesic prescription shows 90.7% (419) of them were prescribed with opioids. Recent studies have shown that heroin misuse has advanced further in Asia, both geographically and economically, including countries as India and Sri Lanka, which had no history with this issue. Studies have also shown that the misuse of narcotic drugs has been growing and that heroin addicts devote to these when heroin is challenging to get. Administering drug among opiate misusers has been found as the major reason of the wide spread of HIV/AIDS in Southeast and Southwest Asia. Conclusion: Thus these data shows that both opioid use disorder and withdrawal symptoms are due to increased opioid abuse and accessibility in Asia. Better prevention strategies have to be implemented for effective decrease in the rate of opioid misuse and opioid overdose epidemic. ER  - 
Illicit Drug Exposures in Young Pediatric Patients Reported to the National Poison Data System, 2006-2016$$$ This retrospective review of poison center calls found that there were 9122 illicit drug exposures reported in children <10 years of age between 2006 and 2016. Marijuana and methamphetamine were reported most frequently, with significant increases over the study period; methamphetamine was associated with the most deaths. ER  - 
Sexual functions in women with focal epilepsy: Relationship to demographic, clinical, hormonal and psychological variables$$$ Objectives: Sexual dysfunctions [SDs] are common in women with epilepsy [WWE] but related studies were neglected in our locality. We aimed to determine the frequencies and severities of SDs and their clinical, hormonal and psychological determinants in WWE. Patients and methods: This study included 120 adults [mean age: 36.35 ± 2.89yrs] with temporal [63.33 %] and frontal [36.67 %] lobe epilepsies and treated with carbamazepine [CBZ] [n = 60] or oxcarbazepine [OXC] [n = 60] for mean duration of 18.63 ± 4.33yrs. Patients were assessed using Female Sexual Function Index [FSFI] questionnaire, Beck Depression Inventory [BDI-II] and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale [HAM-A]. Total testosterone, sex hormone binding globulin [SHBG] and free androgen index [FAI] were measured to assess endocrinal status. Patients and methods: This study included 120 adults [mean age: 36.35 ± 2.89yrs] with temporal [63.33 %] and frontal [36.67 %] lobe epilepsies and treated with carbamazepine [CBZ] [n = 60] or oxcarbazepine [OXC] [n = 60] for mean duration of 18.63 ± 4.33yrs. Patients were assessed using Female Sexual Function Index [FSFI] questionnaire, Beck Depression Inventory [BDI-II] and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale [HAM-A]. Total testosterone, sex hormone binding globulin [SHBG] and free androgen index [FAI] were measured to assess endocrinal status. Results: The majority had occasional/rare frequency of seizures [76.67 %] and well controlled on antiepileptic drugs [AEDs] [81.67 %]. Compared to healthy women, WWE had lower total testosterone and FAI and higher SHBG levels. Compared to women on CBZ, those on OXC had lower frequency and well controlled seizures on medication [P = 0.0001 for both], higher testosterone [P = 0.01] and FAI [P = 0.001] and lower SHBG [P = 0.001] levels. Compared to controls, WWE had significantly higher frequencies and severities of SDs [total sexual function, desire, arousal, lubrication, orgasm, satisfaction and pain] and depression and anxiety symptoms. OXC therapy was associated with lower SDs [FSFI: P = 0.033] and anxiety symptoms [P = 0.025] compared to CBZ therapy. In multiple logistic regression analyses, determinants of SDs were the higher seizures frequency, increasing severities of depression and anxiety but not lower androgen levels or type of epilepsy or AEDs. Conclusions: Different aspects of SD and depression and anxiety symptoms were frequent in WWE. Determinants of SDs were the higher frequency of seizures and increasing severities of depression and anxiety. OXC had better control on seizures and thus lower frequencies and severities of SDs and depression and anxiety symptoms. Thus optimizing seizure control is important for psychological state and healthy sexual function in WWE. ER  - 
The experiences of therapists providing cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for dissociative seizures in the CODES randomized controlled trial: A qualitative study$$$ Objectives: Little is known about the experiences of therapists delivering psychotherapy for patients with dissociative seizures (DS), a complex disorder associated with a range of comorbid psychosocial and mental health difficulties. This study set out to explore therapists' experiences of delivering DS-specific, manualized cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) to adults with DS within the context of a randomized control trial. Methods: Interviews were conducted with 12 therapists involved in the COgnitive behavioral therapy vs standardized medical care for adults with Dissociative non-Epileptic Seizures (CODES) trial and were analyzed using thematic framework analysis (TFA). Results: Six main themes emerged, namely 1) aspects of the intervention that were favored, while others were not always considered applicable; 2) multiple and complex difficulties faced by patients; 3) working effectively within the protocol; 4) limitations of the protocol; 5) significance of formulation; and 6) quality of standardized medical care (SMC) and difficulties of diagnosis delivery. These addressed valued aspects of the intervention, complexities of the patient group, and experiences working within a structured treatment protocol. Family involvement and psychoeducation were highlighted as important components; the applicability of graded exposure techniques, however, was restricted by patients' apparent emotional avoidance. The structure provided by the treatment protocol was valued, but flexibility was important to individualize treatment in complex cases. A comprehensive formulation was fundamental to this. The initial diagnostic explanation provided by neurologists and psychiatrists was generally considered beneficial, with patients often perceived to enter therapy with a better understanding of their condition. Conclusions: This study demonstrated that the DS-specific CBT intervention met with general approval from therapists who also highlighted some practical challenges. Because of the nature of the condition, the need for experience of working with complex patients should be considered when applying the intervention to individual cases. Setting the CBT intervention in the context of a structured care pathway involving neurology and psychiatry may facilitate the therapeutic process. ER  - 
The coexistence of psychogenic nonepileptic and epileptic seizures in the same patient is more frequent than expected: Is there any clinical feature for defining these patients?$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the prevalence of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and PNES-epilepsy coexistence within all video-electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring unit (VEMU) referrals and to identify semiological and electrophysiological features to differentiate patients with PNES-epilepsy coexistence from PNES-only. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed medical files, VEMU reports, and videos of 1983 adult patients. Demographical, historical, clinical, neuroimaging, and electrophysiological parameters of all patients were recorded. We classified patients into five groups as definite PNES-only, definite PNES-epilepsy coexistence, definite PNES-probable epilepsy coexistence, probable PNES-definite epilepsy coexistence, and probable PNES-only. We defined a “definite” group when we saw the ictal EEG and/or video recording of the seizure. The “probable” term is used when there is strong evidence from the history of a particular seizure type and suggestive interictal EEGs without video recordings. Results: Two hundred and three of 1983 patients (10.23%) had PNES. Sixty-six of patients with PNES (32.51%) had definite PNES-epilepsy coexistence. When probable cases were included, the PNES-epilepsy coexistence ratio was 53.69% within all patients with PNES. The prevalence of PNES-epilepsy coexistence was 3.32% within all our VEMU referrals. Lower high school graduation rate, earlier age of disease onset, history of status epilepticus, febrile convulsion and brain surgery, use of three or more antiepileptic drugs, and abnormal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) findings supported PNES-epilepsy coexistence (p < 0.05). On the contrary, seizure duration longer than 10 min was in favor of PNES-only (p < 0.05). Conclusions: The prevalence of PNES-epilepsy coexistence might be more frequent in VEMUs than expected. Some demographic and semiological features and electrophysiological findings might be useful in differentiating patients with PNES-epilepsy coexistence from patients with PNES-only. ER  - 
Evaluation of adverse drug reaction profile of antiepileptic drugs in persons with epilepsy: A cross-sectional study$$$ Introduction: Newer antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are preferred over conventional AEDs with the perception of better safety profile and efficacy though there is a lack of confirmatory evidence. The present study assessed the adverse drug reactions' (ADRs) profile of AEDs prescribed in persons with epilepsy (PWE) as per the System Organ Class (SOC) and compared them on the basis of demographics and treatment pattern. Material and methods: This prospective, cross-sectional, and observational study was conducted in PWE attending Neurology Outpatient-Department from February 2016 to April 2019 who were presented with any ADR. World Health Organization-Uppsala Monitoring Centre (WHO-UMC) scale was used for the causality assessment of suspected ADRs. Results: Among the 1011 PWE on AEDs, male:female ratio was 622:389, adult:pediatric ratio 736:275, and conventional:newer AEDs ratio 624:387. Among monotherapy PWE (47.1%), commonly used AEDs were levetiracetam (34.4%), valproic acid (22.9%), carbamazepine (18.3%), phenytoin (11.9%), and other AEDs (12.5%). A total of 1990 ADRs (1.96 ADRs per PWE) were reported as per SOC; among them, newer vs. conventional AEDs did not reveal any significant difference; however, monotherapy vs. polytherapy showed differences in nervous system disorders (p = 0.01) and skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders (p = 0.005). Causality assessment revealed 0.3% certain, 27.3% probable, 61.3% possible, and 11.1% unlikely association of ADRs with AEDs. Depending on the ADRs, there was either withdrawal of AED (0.9%), reduction in dose (48.4%), or continuation in the same dose as before (50.7%). Conclusion: The ADR analysis showed that newer AEDs were associated with a similar trend of ADRs as that of conventional AEDs. Thus, the choice among newer and conventional AEDs should preferably focus on the experience of better efficacy in addition to safety data. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in children—Prospective validation of a clinical care pathway & risk factors for treatment outcome$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to prospectively validate a care pathway for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in a pediatric setting. The pathway was developed based on a previous study of patients at our center, which demonstrated positive treatment outcomes of 80% full or partial remission. Sequentially referred patients with PNES in the validation cohort received care prospectively according to the pathway algorithm. It was hypothesized that the validation cohort would achieve outcomes similar to that of the development cohort as a result of standardized care. Method: We performed a retrospective chart review of 43 children sequentially referred, assessed, and treated within a specialized neurology psychology service for suspected PNES over a 5-year period. The majority of patients (n = 41, 95%) met diagnostic criteria for probable, clinically established, or documented PNES, according to the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) criteria. Results: Ages ranged from 6 to 18 years of age at time of diagnosis, with the majority of patients being female (n = 29, 67%) and adolescent (n = 31, 72%). There was a high level of adherence to the care algorithm (n = 34, 84%). The development and validation cohorts were similar across demographic, clinical, and psychological characteristics. Standardized care resulted in high rates of full (n = 27, 63%) and partial (n = 12, 28%) remission, as self-reported at discharge. A 96% decrease in mean monthly frequency of total PNES events was also observed at discharge, as was a significant reduction in healthcare utilization related to PNES (74% fewer ambulance calls and 85% fewer emergency department (ED) visits). Post hoc analyses demonstrated that duration of PNES illness longer than 12 months (at diagnosis) increased odds of not achieving full remission by discharge (odds ratio = 5.94, p = 0.02). Developmental period of onset (child versus adolescent), having abnormal electroencephalogram (EEG) result, previous concussion, chronic versus acute stressor, more than one PNES event type, or additional functional neurological symptoms did not significantly impact treatment response. Conclusions: This study demonstrates, for the first time prospectively in a pediatric setting, that standardized care for PNES leads to improved clinical outcomes and reduced healthcare utilization. Delayed diagnosis and treatment of PNES longer than 12 months also appears to be associated with less favorable outcomes in children. ER  - 
Driving in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: We investigated the rate of driving in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) from a large cohort in Iran. We hypothesized that these patients commonly do not drive. We also investigated the potential factors that may be associated with driving in these patients. Methods: In this retrospective study, all patients with PNES, who were diagnosed at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center, Iran, from 2008 until 2019, were investigated. Age, gender, age at seizure onset, seizure semiology and characteristics, driving history reported by the patients, and video-electroencephalography recordings of all patients were registered routinely. Results: During the study period, 221 patients with PNES only had the inclusion criteria and were studied. Forty-eight patients (21.7%) reported that they were driving a car in their routine daily lives. Male sex (odds ratio: 13.2; 95% confidence interval: 4.98–35.45; p = 0.0001) and being employed (odds ratio: 8.08; 95% confidence interval: 3.16–20.69; p = 0.0001) were independently significantly associated with driving. Conclusion: We observed that only about one-fifth of adult patients with PNES reported driving. It is important for the scientific community to develop practice guidelines on how to counsel patients and also the related authorities (e.g., department of motor vehicle authorities) on driving restrictions in people who are affected with PNES. ER  - 
Concomitant injuries and complications according to categories of pan-facial fracture: a retrospective study$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to investigate concomitant injuries and complications in patients with panfacial fracture (PF) according to patterns of PF. Materials and methods: PF is defined as fractures involving at least three of the four facial parts (frontal, upper midface, lower midface, and mandible). The data for this study were retrospectively analysed. A simple regression analysis, Cramer's V analysis, and Pearson's correlation analysis were used for verifying significance and correlation between the investigated factors and patterns of PF. Short-term postoperative surgical complications were classified according to the Clavien-Dindo classification (CDC). Results: There was a statistically significant association between age and PF pattern (ULM: 44.9 ± 19.2; FUL: 42.0 ± 16.8; FULM: 33.6 ± 15.3; FUM: 65; p = 0.024), between the cause of injury and PF pattern (p = 0.047), and between operative time and fracture pattern (ULM: 4h 45min ± 2h 21min; FUL: 5h 19min ± 2h 54min; FULM: 7h 19min ± 4h 13min; FUM: 2h 15min ± 0; p = 0.008). 89% of patients had concomitant injuries in other body parts. In the CDC grade groups, rade IVa cases (n = 4) showed statistically significant differences with PF patterns (p = 0.006). Of all the patients, 58.6% (n = 58) complained of postoperative complications. Conclusion: PF patients can have different fracture patterns, depending on age and cause of trauma. Consequently, different PF patterns have different types of concomitant injuries and complications. PF patients with frontal area fracture have higher CDC grades, and may need ICU care. Therefore, classifying PFs will be a first step towards a systemic approach for treating and reducing complications. ER  - 
Outcome after functional hemispherectomy in children with Rasmussen encephalitis: A report of 20 years’ experience at King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital$$$ Background: Rasmussen’s encephalitis (RE) is characterized by unilateral cerebral inflammation of the cerebral cortex and drug-resistant epilepsy. Functional hemispherectomy (FH) remains the only effective cure. There is no prior Thai children-case-report. Objective: To review King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital (KCMH) pediatric clinical, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and treatment-outcome of RE. Materials and Methods: This report is a retrospective review of pediatric RE treated with FH. The authors described twenty-year of experience and outcome after FH with three years follow-up at KCMH. Demographic, clinical data, seizures duration, electroencephalogram (EEG), and neuroimaging before FH were collected. Seizure frequency and functional deficit after FH were collected. All RE patients diagnosed by criteria of the European consensus criteria. Results: Seven patients were diagnosed with RE and had FH. The mean epilepsy-onset age was 73.29±31.39 months, mean diagnosis-age was 91.43±31.15 months, and mean surgery-age was 95.57±31.89 months. Duration between seizure-onset to surgery was 21.29±12.05 months. All EEG showed focal seizures at the right-hemisphere 3 from 7 (42.9%). At the time of surgery, patients had right-hemiparesis 5 from 7 (71.4%) and epilepsia partialis continua (EPC) 4 from 7 (57.1%). Comorbid diseases were attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), tics, learning disability, and possible systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). MRI showed caudate atrophy 3 from 7 (42.9%), T2-hyperintensity 5 from 7 (71.4%), progressive atrophy 4 from 7 (57.1%), and cerebral-hemisphere atrophy 6 from 7 (85.7%). All patients had regression in activity of daily living (ADL), school performance, and quality of life. Outcome after FH were seizure-reduction in 99.44% (95% CI –109.68 to –75.1, p=0.018) and antiepileptic drug (AED) decrease (95% CI 0.61 to 3.1, p=0.047). Regression stopped with better ADL and decrease in seizure-frequency with no worsening of seizure. Conclusion: RE should be planned in focal intractable epilepsy with EPC and progressive hemiparesis. Appropriate surgical treatment such as FH improves clinical seizures, quality of life, and stop clinical regression. ER  - 
The efficacy of transcranial alternating current stimulation for treating post-stroke depression Study Protocol Clinical Trial (SPIRIT Compliant)$$$ Background: The treatment of post-stroke depression (PSD) with anti-depressant drugs is partly practical. Transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) offers the potential for a novel treatment modality for adult patients with PSD. In this study, we will assess the efficacy and safety of tACS for treating PSD and explore its effect on gamma and beta-oscillations involving in emotional regulation. Methods: The prospective study is an 8-week, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial. Seventy eligible participants with mild to moderate PSD aged between 18 years and 70 years will be recruited and randomly assigned to either active tACS intervention group or sham group. Daily 40-minute, 77.5-Hz, 15-mA sessions of active or sham tACS targeting the forehead and both mastoid areas on weekdays for 4 consecutive weeks (week 4), and an additional 4-week observational period (week 8) will be followed up. The primary outcome is the proportion of participants having an improvement at week 8 according to the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 17-Item (HAMD-17) score, including the proportion of participants having a decrease of ≥ 50% in HAMD-17 score or clinical recovery (HAMD-17 score ≤ 7). Secondary outcomes include neurological function, independence level, activities of daily living, disease severity, anxiety, and cognitive function. The exploratory outcomes are gamma and beta-oscillations assessed at baseline, week 4, and week 8. Data will be analyzed by logistical regression analyses and mixed-effects models. Discussion: The study will be the first randomized controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tACS at a 77.5-Hz frequency and 15-mA current in reducing depressive severity in patients with PSD. The results of the study will present a base for future studies on the tACS in PSD and its possible mechanism. ER  - 
Development and internal validation of a multimorbidity index that predicts healthcare utilisation using the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging$$$ Objectives We aimed to develop and internally validate a measure of multimorbidity burden using data from the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging (CLSA). Design Data from 40 264 CLSA participants (52% men) aged 45-85 years (a mean of 63 years) were analysed. We used logistic regression models to predict overnight hospitalisation in the last 12 months in the development dataset (random two-thirds of the total) and used these to construct 10 multimorbidity indices (5 models, each treated with and without an age interaction term). Thirty-five chronic conditions were considered for inclusion in these models, in addition to age and sex. We assessed predictive and convergent validity for these 10 different multimorbidity indices in the validation dataset (remaining one-third of the total). Results The absolute count of chronic conditions plus an interaction with age, displayed strong calibration properties, outperforming other candidate indices. Discrimination was modest for all of the indices that we internally validated, with C-statistics ranging from 0.66 to 0.68. The indices showed weak correlations (ie, convergent validity) with satisfaction with life, functional disability and mental health (absolute Pearson's correlation coefficients ranging from 0.11 to 0.30) but generally moderate correlations with self-rated general health (0.32-0.45). Conclusions We investigated alternative methods to measure the multimorbidity burden of individuals, tailored to the CLSA. Our findings show that an absolute count of conditions, along with an age interaction term, has the strongest calibration for overnight hospitalisation in the last 12 months. The utility of an age interaction term in measuring multimorbidity burden may be applicable to the study of chronic disease in cohorts other than the CLSA. ER  - 
Machine learning as a diagnostic decision aid for patients with transient loss of consciousness$$$ BackgroundTransient loss of consciousness (TLOC) is a common reason for presentation to primary/emergency care; over 90% are because of epilepsy, syncope, or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Misdiagnoses are common, and there are currently no validated decision rules to aid diagnosis and management. We seek to explore the utility of machine-learning techniques to develop a short diagnostic instrument by extracting features with optimal discriminatory values from responses to detailed questionnaires about TLOC manifestations and comorbidities (86 questions to patients, 31 to TLOC witnesses).MethodsMulti-center retrospective self- and witness-report questionnaire study in secondary care settings. Feature selection was performed by an iterative algorithm based on random forest analysis. Data were randomly divided in a 2:1 ratio into training and validation sets (163:86 for all data; 208:92 for analysis excluding witness reports).ResultsThree hundred patients with proven diagnoses (100 each: epilepsy, syncope and PNES) were recruited from epilepsy and syncope services. Two hundred forty-nine completed patient and witness questionnaires: 86 epilepsy (64 female), 84 PNES (61 female), and 79 syncope (59 female). Responses to 36 questions optimally predicted diagnoses. A classifier trained on these features classified 74/86 (86.0% [95% confidence interval 76.9%-92.6%]) of patients correctly in validation (100 [86.7%-100%] syncope, 85.7 [67.3%-96.0%] epilepsy, 75.0 [56.6%-88.5%] PNES). Excluding witness reports, 34 features provided optimal prediction (classifier accuracy of 72/92 [78.3 (68.4%-86.2%)] in validation, 83.8 [68.0%-93.8%] syncope, 81.5 [61.9%-93.7%] epilepsy, 67.9 [47.7%-84.1%] PNES).ConclusionsA tool based on patient symptoms/comorbidities and witness reports separates well between syncope and other common causes of TLOC. It can help to differentiate epilepsy and PNES. Validated decision rules may improve diagnostic processes and reduce misdiagnosis rates.Classification of evidenceThis study provides Class III evidence that for patients with TLOC, patient and witness questionnaires discriminate between syncope, epilepsy and PNES. ER  - 
Factors associated with 30-day readmission for patients hospitalized for seizures$$$ BackgroundWe sought to determine the cumulative incidence of readmissions after a seizure-related hospitalization and identify risk factors and readmission diagnoses.MethodsWe performed a retrospective cohort study of adult patients hospitalized with a primary discharge diagnosis of seizure (International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Edition, Clinical Modification codes 345.XX and 780.3x) using the State Inpatient Databases across 11 states from 2009 to 2012. Hospital and community characteristics were obtained from the American Hospital Association and Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. We performed logistic regressions to explore effects of patient, hospital, and community factors on readmissions within 30 days of discharge.ResultsOf 98,712 patients, 13,929 (14%) were readmitted within 30 days. Reasons for readmission included epilepsy/convulsions (30% of readmitted patients), mood disorders (5%), schizophrenia (4%), and septicemia (4%). The strongest predictors of readmission were diagnoses of CNS tumor (odds ratio [OR] 2.1, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.9-2.4) or psychosis (OR 1.8, 95% CI 1.7-1.8), urgent index admission (OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.8-2.2), transfer to nonacute facilities (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.6-1.8), long length of stay (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.6-1.8), and for-profit hospitals (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.6-1.8). Our main model's c-statistic was 0.66. Predictors of readmission for status epilepticus included index admission for status epilepticus (OR 3.5, 95% CI 2.6-4.7), low hospital epilepsy volume (OR 0.4, 95% CI 0.3-0.7), and rural hospitals (OR 4.8, 95% CI 2.1-10.9).ConclusionReadmission is common after hospitalization for seizures. Prevention strategies should focus on recurrent seizures, the most common readmission diagnosis. Many factors were associated with readmission, although readmissions remain challenging to predict. ER  - 
Prevalence of autoimmune diseases in individuals with primary psychotic disorders at Boston Medical Center$$$ Background: The prevalence of autoimmune diseases is higher among individuals with psychiatric illnesses than in the general population. It is unknown if the prevalence of autoimmune diseases differs among people with different primary psychotic disorders. Our objective was to assess whether the prevalence of autoimmune diseases differs among people with schizophrenia/schizoaffective disorder, affective (bipolar/depression) psychosis, and other psychotic disorders (delusional, brief psychotic, schizophreniform, or unspecified psychosis). Methods: For our cross-sectional study, we used International Classification of Diseases (ICD) codes to identify individuals with primary psychotic disorders/unspecified psychoses who received treatment at Boston Medical Center between October 2003 and May 2019. Individuals with other/unspecified psychosis with an organic cause and individuals with unspecified psychosis, brief psychotic disorder with coinciding drug withdrawal, post-partum psychosis, or drug-induced mental illness, confusion, or seizure were excluded. Autoimmune diseases were categorized as systemic or as one of seven organ-specific subgroups (dermatological, endocrinological, gastroenterological, hematological, non-systemic connective tissue, and neurological). Multivariable logistic regression was used to compare differences in prevalence of autoimmune diseases among individuals with different psychoses adjusting for age, sex, and race. We also considered sex and race-stratified analyses. Results: Of the 13,938 individuals (mean age = 43 years; 58% male) diagnosed with psychosis, 55% had schizophrenia, 17% had affective psychosis, and 29% had other/unspecified psychosis. Overall, nearly 9% of individuals with psychosis had at least one autoimmune disease (8% with schizophrenia, 11% with affective psychosis, and 8% with other/unspecified psychosis). The most prevalent autoimmune disease subgroups were systemic (39%), dermatological (26%), and endocrinological (23%). Compared to individuals with schizophrenia, individuals with affective psychosis had increased odds of having any autoimmune disease (OR: 1.38; 95% CI: 1.17, 1.63), dermatological autoimmune diseases (OR: 1.55; 95% CI: 1.15, 2.07), or endocrinological autoimmune diseases (OR: 1.56; 95% CI: 1.14, 2.12). Compared to individuals with schizoaffective as the only psychosis diagnosis, individuals with affective psychosis had increased odds of having any autoimmune disease (OR: 1.31; 95% CI: 1.03, 1.66) and individuals with schizophrenia had decreased odds of having neurological autoimmune diseases (OR: 0.46; 95% CI: 0.23, 0.96). Among individuals with any psychotic disorder, females were 95% more likely to have any autoimmune disease (OR: 1.95; 95% CI: 1.72, 2.20). No racial differences were observed overall; however, compared to individuals who identified as white, individuals who identified as Black, Hispanic, and Asian had decreased odds of having gastroenterological autoimmune diseases (OR: 0.52; 95% CI: 0.35, 0.76), neurological autoimmune diseases (OR: 0.32; 95% CI: 0.10, 0.83), and systemic autoimmune diseases (OR: 0.25; 95% CI: 0.04, 0.80), respectively, while Black individuals had increased odds of having systemic autoimmune diseases (OR: 1.45; 95% CI: 1.17, 1.81). Discussion: The prevalence of autoimmune diseases varied among people with different primary psychotic disorders, and certain associations were modified by sex and race. Clinicians may consider additional screening for autoimmune diseases among individuals with psychosis. ER  - 
Cervical cord stimulation for thoracic and lumbar back pain from post-laminectomy syndrome: A case report$$$ Case Introduction: A 42-year-old female with seizure disorder, migraines, hypertension, depression, bipolar disorder, and history of thoracic spine schwannoma status-post resection with T4-T12 decompression and stabilization presented with two-year history of lumbar axial back pain. Her pain medications included nortriptyline, immediate and extended release morphine, and tizanidine. A lumbar MRI showed mild-moderate multilevel facet hypertrophy from L2 to S1 with mild foraminal narrowing at L4-5 and L5-S1. Physical therapy provided only mild relief and she required ambulation with a walker due to the pain. On exam, she had pain with facet loading. She underwent bilateral L4-5 and L5-S1 intra-articular facet injections and bilateral L3-5 medial branch radiofrequency ablation with mild improvement. Over the next 1.5 years, she was weaned off her extended release morphine and changed to oxycodone-acetaminophen while having repeat L3-5 medial branch radiofrequency ablation and L4-5, L5-S1 intra-articular facet injections. She began experiencing new sharp and paralyzing low thoracic pain in addition to her lumbar pain. The severity was affecting her quality of life even requiring hospitalization for pain control. Thoracic MRI showed no advanced degenerative changes and stable post-surgical changes. She had bilateral T12-L2 medial branch blocks without improvement. Since she had failed conservative management including medications, physical therapy, intra-articular facet injections and radiofrequency ablation, the decision was made to pursue spinal cord stimulation for failed back syndrome. Methods: Placement of bilateral L2 dorsal root ganglion stimulator leads was attempted but aborted due to inability to access the foramen secondary to scarring. After discussion with the patient, she agreed to cervical cord stimulation due to her history of T4-T12 decompression. A cervical MRI showed multilevel degenerative disc disease without significant canal stenosis. She underwent dorsal column spinal cord stimulator trial with the right midline lead at the top of C4 and the left midline lead at the midpoint of the body of C4. Results: Four days into the trial, the patient reported improved ambulation with need for supportive devices, increased activity, better participation in ADLs, and 65% pain relief with no complications. Conclusion: While a recent review of a multi-centered, international registry indicates that cervical cord stimulation is safe and efficacious, none of the patients had combined thoracic and lumbar axial back pain. This case demonstrates that cervical cord stimulation may benefit these patients and those in whom thoracic access is infeasible. ER  - 
An Unusual Case of Ipilimumab/Nivolumab Induced Fulminant Diabetic Ketoacidosis (DKA) in a Non Diabetic Patient - a Case Report$$$ INTRODUCTION Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors (ICIs) have become a revolutionary milestone in the immune-oncology field and have shown a significant improvement in survival rates and outcomes of advanced malignancies. ICIs including: Ipilimumab (1) - monoclonal antibody that inhibits Cytotoxic T Lymphocyte associated Antigen 4 (CTLA4) - Nivolumab (2) - monoclonal antibody that blocks Programmed Cell Death Ligand 1 (PDL1) - and others turn off the tumor mediated immune system inhibition and boost the immune response against tumor cells resulting in decreased tumor growth. However, targeted immunotherapy has a wide spectrum of immune related side effects (3) that can affect various body organs ranging from mild skin rash to a critical immunotherapy induced pneumonitis and severe colitis. We present a case report of Ipilimumab/Nivolumab induced fulminant DKA in a non-diabetic patient. CASE PRESENTATION We present a case of a 71 year old male with a history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, hemorrhagic stroke and stage 4 renal cancer with metastasis to the lungs who presented to the Emergency Department with altered mental status for 1 day and respiratory depression. He was accompanied by his wife who provided most of the history and denied any head trauma, seizure, uncontrolled hypertension, recent infections, arrhythmias, endocrine diseases or alcohol/ drug use. Initial blood glucose was 1052, pH 7.11, bicarbonate 6, potassium 6.7, CO2 20.1, anion gap of 29 and WBCs 19.3 without any source of infections. Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) protocol was started and patient was intubated for worsening respiratory depression. Patient's wife denied any personal or family history of diabetes mellitus and stated that his Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) has always been below 6% during his follow ups. Upon further questioning about any new medications, she stated that 15 years ago he had renal cell carcinoma treated with left radical nephrectomy and was recently discovered to have pulmonary nodules that were biopsy positive for renal cell carcinoma, to which he recently started Ipilimumab and Nivolumab immunotherapy about 2 month and last received doses was 3 days prior to presentation. She also reported one-month history of lethargy, polyuria and polydipsia. HbA1c was found to be 8.0% and lipase enzyme > 4000 u/L without any pancreatic changes or inflammation on Computed Tomography (CT) scan of the abdomen. Insulin autoantibodies, islet cells antibodies and serum C-peptide were undetectable. During the admission DKA and respiratory depression resolved but the patient continued to have hyperglycemia with blood glucose level of 300-400 and was treated with correctional insulin scale. Patient was discharged on long acting and regular insulin after appropriate education. DISCUSSION Ipilimumab and Nivolumab; the novel revolutionary targeted immunotherapy have been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration in 2011 (4) and 2014 (5) respectively. They enhance the immune response against tumor cells through blocking the immune checkpoints CTLA4 and PDL1 which are activated by the tumor cells as an inhibitory mechanism to interrupt the T lymphocyte - tumor cell destruction pathway (6-7). Ipilimumab and Nivolumab are used in combination for inoperable or metastatic melanoma (8-9), advanced renal cell carcinoma (10), metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (11) and currently in trials for recurrent small cell lung cancer treatment (12-13). They are also used for primary or metastatic urothelial carcinoma and prostate cancer (14). As ICIs enhance T lymphocytes immunity by disrupting the inhibitory signaling, they also decrease immune tolerance and, thereby; cause autoimmune toxicities. Yet, ICIs are usually not stopped since their beneficial outcomes seem to outweigh the adverse events. Immunotherapy related adverse events (irAEs) includes: systemic symptoms of fatigue, weakness, muscle and joint pain, dermatological: rash and itchy skin - reported in 10% of patients in trials for melanoma and lung cancer (15) - pneumonitis (16) (4%), gastrointestinal: decreased appetite, abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting, colitis (17) (10%), hepatic toxicity (18) (1-17%), and endocrinopathies: hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism (19) (8.5% and 3.7% respectively). Severe neurologic disorders including acute demyelination polyneuropathy, ascending motor paralysis and myasthenia gravis have been reported (20). Although there are no guidelines for managing irEAs, most of them are managed with high-dose corticosteroids. Several cases of autoimmune diabetes mellitus have been reported (2% of cases) as endocrinologic irEAs, most of them were genetically susceptible to type 1 diabetes mellitus. Less than 1% of cases had diabetes mellitus of rapid onset and complete insulin insufficiency leading to fulminant DKA (19). However, the clinical course of their insulin secretion disruption was not well studied. To our knowledge, the case that we are presenting here is one of a few cases described in literature of fulminant diabetes/DKA caused by immunotherapy. In fulminant diabetes, patients present with severely elevated blood glucose or DKA; however, their HbA1c is unexpectedly low (7-8%) due to the abrupt onset of presentation. C-peptide and Islet cell autoantibodies levels are low or even undetectable which suggest that pancreatic B-cells are totally destroyed via a process that is not completely understood and not similar to the one causing classic autoimmune type 1 diabetes mellitus. In fulminant diabetes/DKA pancreatic islet cells are attacked by autoreactive T lymphocytes. Thiswas initially thought to be a cell-mediated phenomenon; however, some reported cases had 1 or more islet cell autoantibodies which suggests the implication of a humoral immune response component as well. Diagnosis of such an endocrinopathy should be proper and prompt due to the increased risk of death within the first 24 hours. CONCLUSION Identification of rare but serious irAEs like DKA, is very important. This requires a multi-dimensional approach involving effective education about the symptoms of DKA and hyperglycemia in patients receiving immunotherapy along with close monitoring of these patients. More research is needed in this area to clarify the frequency of this entity and its mechanism. DISCLAIMER This research was supported (in whole or in part) by HCA Healthcare and/or HCA Healthcare affiliated entity. The views expressed in this publication represent those of author(s) and do not necessarily the official views if HCA Healthcare or any of its affiliated entities. ER  - 
Mental and somatic comorbidity of depression: A comprehensive cross-sectional analysis of 202 diagnosis groups using German nationwide ambulatory claims data$$$ Background: Depression is frequently accompanied by other mental disorders and various somatic diseases; however, previous comorbidity studies often relied on self-reported data and have not simultaneously assessed the entire spectrum of mental and somatic diagnoses. The aim is to provide a complete picture of mental and somatic comorbidity of depression in routine outpatient care in a high income country with a relatively well equipped health care system. Methods: Using ambulatory claims data covering 87% of the German population (age 15+), we designed a cross-sectional study by identifying persons diagnosed with mild, moderate and severe depression in 2017 (N = 6.3 million) and a control group matched 4:1 on sex, 5-year age group and region of residence (N = 25.2 million). Stratified by severity, we calculated the prevalence of 202 diagnosis groups included in the ICD-10 in persons with depression as compared to matched controls using prevalence ratios (PR). Results: Nearly all mental disorders were at least twice as prevalent in persons with depression relative to controls, showing a dose-response relationship with depression severity. Irrespective of severity, the three most prevalent somatic comorbid diagnosis groups were 'other dorsopathies' (M50-M54), 'hypertensive diseases' (I10-I15) and 'metabolic disorders' (E70-E90), exhibiting PRs in moderate depression of 1.56, 1.23 and 1.33, respectively. Strong associations were revealed with diseases of the central nervous system (i.e. multiple sclerosis) and several neurological diseases, among them sleep disorders, migraine and epilepsy, most of them exhibiting at least 2- to 3-fold higher prevalences in depression relative to controls. Utilization of health care was higher among depression cases compared to controls. Conclusions: The present study based on data from nearly the complete adolescent and adult population in Germany comprehensively illustrates the comorbidity status of persons diagnosed with depression as coded in routine health care. Our study should contribute to increasing the awareness of the strong interconnection of depression with all other mental and the vast majority of somatic diseases. Our findings underscore clinical and health-economic relevance and the necessity of systematically addressing the high comorbidity of depression and somatic as well as other mental diseases through prevention, early identification and adequate management of depressive symptoms. ER  - 
The association between alcohol consumption and sleep disorders among older people in the general population$$$ The relationship between alcohol consumption and sleep disturbance is complex. The association of alcohol dependence with insomnia is likely to be bidirectional in nature. Alcohol use is common among older people in many societies and the prevalence of insomnia tends to increase with age, therefore this group warrants particular consideration. We explored the cross sectional and long term (30 years) associations between alcohol drinking (volume and hazardous drinking) and sleep duration and insomnia in a general population study of older adults (6,117 male and female civil servants followed for 30 years). For men, drinking more than 21 units (approximately 168 grams) of alcohol per week, compared with not drinking, was associated with waking several times a night (odds ratio 1.30, confidence intervals 1.02-1.66). Men who maintained a heavy volume of drinking over the three decades of observation, or who had an unstable consumption pattern, tended to have worse sleep profiles in terms of waking tired and waking several times. Sustained male hazardous drinking (as measured by the AUDIT-C scale) was also associated with worse sleep profiles. Findings for women were not so clear. In this population based setting, drinking high volumes of alcohol may contribute to the prevalence of sleep problems in older age, particularly for men. People in this age group should be discouraged from using alcohol as a sleep aid. ER  - 
Geriatric assessment of glioblastoma patients is feasible and may provide useful prognostic information$$$ Background: Glioblastoma (GBM) is the most common and most lethal primary brain tumor in adults. Clinical trials in older patients with GBM have explored the use of single and multimodality treatment regimens with modest survival benefits; however, trial criteria are commonly based on chronological age and do not reflect the heterogeneity of this cohort. Geriatric assessment (GA) techniques predict survival and treatment tolerance in other tumor sites and thus may objectively guide the decision-making process, but data are lacking in the neuro-oncology cohort. Methods: We performed a prospective, multicenter feasibility study involving patients age 65 years or older with newly diagnosed GBM. A modified GA was undertaken in the outpatient setting prior to starting treatment. Feasibility was determined primarily by recruitment rate, alongside data completeness, impact on clinic time, and acceptability to patients and staff. Factors associated with survival were explored using Cox regression models. Results: Fifty patients were recruited within a prespecified time period with a recruitment rate of 82% (target 80%). Data completeness was greater than 80% in all except one assessment. Median overall survival was 9.5 months (95% confidence interval [CI] 5.0-14.0 months). Among the GA screening factors analyzed, a baseline impaired Montreal Cognitive Assessment (hazard ratio [HR] = 2.7, 95% CI 1.128-6.530) and impairment in instrumental activities of daily living (HR = 2.9 95% CI 0.983-8.541) were associated with poorer survival. Conclusion: In the first study of this kind among elderly GBM patients, we have shown that undertaking a neurologically focused GA screen is feasible and may provide useful prognostic information. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression and associated factors among epileptic patients at Ilu Ababore zone hospitals, South West Ethiopia, 2017: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Depression is one of the most common and overwhelming mental disorder in patients with epilepsy. Despite its high prevalence, depression continues to be under-recognized and undertreated. This study aimed to assess the prevalence of depression and its associated factors among epileptic patients attending the outpatient department of Ilu Ababore zone hospitals, Southwest Ethiopia, 2017. Methods: Institution-based cross-sectional study was carried out among 402 individual with epilepsy. The participants were selected using systematic random sampling technique. Depression was measured using Beck's Depression Inventory II. Oslo 3 Social Support Scale was used to assess social support. Perceived Stress Scale was used to assess the stress level of epileptic patients. The data were entered into Epi Info version 7 and analyzed by the SPSS version 20 software. We computed bivariate and multivariate binary logistic regressions to assess factors associated with depression. Statistical significance was declared at p-value < 0.05. Results: A total of 402 study participants were interviewed with a response rate of 96.2%. The prevalence of depression was found to be 48.1%. In the final multivariate analysis, educational status [unable to read and write (AOR = 4.01,95% CI = 3.82, 8.28), primary (AOR = 3.43, 95% CI = 3.12,9.29), secondary (AOR = 2.01, 95% CI = 1.89,7.24)], high perceived stress (AOR = 3.21, 95% CI = 2.70, 8.41), poor social support (AOR = 2.04, 95% CI = 1.42, 2.78), onset of illness < 6 year (AOR = 2.40, 95%CI = 2.10,7.91), seizure frequency of [1-11 per year (AOR = 2.34, 95% = 1.41, 4.36), ≥ 12/year (AOR = 3.49, 95% CI = 3.43, 6.40)], and polytherapy (AOR = 2.73, 95%CI = 2.52, 7.14) were independent predictors of depression among epileptic patients at p-value < 0.05. Conclusion and recommendation: Overall, the prevalence of depression was found to be high. Having lower educational status, early onset of illness, poor social support, high perceived stress, high seizure frequency, and polytherapy were factors statistically associated with depression. Clinicians need to give emphasis to epileptic patients with high perceived stress, low educational status, and poor social support. An early depression-focused regular screening for epileptic patient should be carried out by trained health professionals. Linkage with mental health service providers also needs to be considered. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs are not independently associated with cognitive dysfunction$$$ ObjectiveTo test the hypothesis that individual antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are not associated with cognitive impairment beyond other clinically relevant factors, we performed a cross-sectional study of patients admitted to an inpatient video-EEG monitoring unit.MethodsWe prospectively enrolled patients admitted to an inpatient specialist epilepsy program between 2009 and 2016. Assessments included objective cognitive function, quality of life subscales for subjective cognitive function, and questionnaires for anxiety and depressive symptoms. Bayesian model averaging identified predictors of cognitive function. Bayesian model selection approach investigated effect of individual AEDs on cognition. Conventional frequentist analyses were also performed.ResultsA total of 331 patients met inclusion criteria. Mean age was 39.3 years and 61.9% of patients were women. A total of 45.0% of patients were prescribed AED polypharmacy, 25.1% AED monotherapy, and 29.9% no AED. Age, seizure frequency, and a diagnosis of concomitant epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizure were predictors of objective cognitive function. Depression, anxiety, and seizure frequency were predictors of subjective cognitive function. Individual AEDs were not independently associated with impaired cognitive function beyond other clinically relevant variables.ConclusionsThis study found that no AED was independently associated with cognitive dysfunction. Significant determinants of objective and subjective cognitive dysfunction included seizure frequency and depression, respectively. These findings suggest that optimizing therapy to prevent seizures is not likely to occur at the expense of cognitive function. ER  - 
Cognitive impairment profile differences in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures and epilepsy patients with generalized seizures$$$ Objective: This study aimed to compare cognitive skills in epilepsy patients and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) patients who have no history of frequent seizures to those of a healthy control group. Methods: This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted between January 2017 and June 2019 and included 103 epilepsy patients, 100 PNES patients, and 101 healthy controls, aged 18 to 60 years. Patients with fewer than 12 annual seizure episodes and no history of seizures during the last 30 days were added to the study. A sociodemographic data form, the Beck Anxiety and Depression Scales, Montreal Cognitive Assessment, Digit Span test, and Stroop Color-Word Interference Test were used. Results: Compared to the control group, sub-component scores were significantly lower in naming, attention, abstract thinking, and delayed recall for the epilepsy and PNES groups. Sub-component scores in orientation, executive functioning, and delayed recall were significantly lower in the epilepsy group compared to the PNES group. Digits Backward subtest scores and total Digit Span test scores were significantly lower in the epilepsy and PNES groups. Patients in the epilepsy and PNES groups took longer to complete the Stroop test and made more errors and corrections compared to the healthy controls. There was a negative correlation between the duration of the disease and the total Digit Span score in the epilepsy group. Conclusion: These findings suggest that the epilepsy group showed reduced cognitive scores even though they did not suffer from frequent seizures and were not drug-resistant. ER  - 
Comorbid and co-occurring conditions in migraine and associated risk of increasing headache pain intensity and headache frequency: Results of the migraine in America symptoms and treatment (MAST) study$$$ Background: Migraine has many presumed comorbidities which have rarely been compared between samples with and without migraine. Examining the association between headache pain intensity and monthly headache day (MHD) frequency with migraine comorbidities is novel and adds to our understanding of migraine comorbidity. Methods: The MAST Study is a prospective, web-based survey that identified US population samples of persons with migraine (using modified International Classification of Headache Disorders-3 beta criteria) and without migraine. Eligible migraine participants averaged ≥1 MHDs over the prior 3 months. Comorbidities "confirmed by a healthcare professional diagnosis" were endorsed by respondents from a list of 21 common cardiovascular, neurologic, psychiatric, sleep, respiratory, dermatologic, pain and medical comorbidities. Multivariable binary logistic regression calculated odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals for each condition between the two groups adjusting for sociodemographics. Modeling within the migraine cohort assessed rates of conditions as a function of headache pain intensity, MHD frequency, and their combination. Results: Analyses included 15,133 people with migraine (73.0% women, 77.7% White, mean age 43 years) and 77,453 controls (46.4% women, 76.8% White, mean age 52 years). People with migraine were significantly (P < 0.001) more likely to report insomnia (OR 3.79 [3.6, 4.0]), depression (OR 3.18 [3.0, 3.3]), anxiety (OR 3.18 [3.0 3.3]), gastric ulcers/GI bleeding (OR 3.11 [2.8, 3.5]), angina (OR 2.64 [2.4, 3.0]) and epilepsy (OR 2.33 [2.0, 2.8]), among other conditions. Increasing headache pain intensity was associated with comorbidities related to inflammation (psoriasis, allergy), psychiatric disorders (depression, anxiety) and sleep conditions (insomnia). Increasing MHD frequency was associated with increased risk for nearly all conditions and most prominent among those with comorbid gastric ulcers/GI bleeding, diabetes, anxiety, depression, insomnia, asthma and allergies/hay fever. Conclusions: In regression models controlled for sociodemographic variables, all conditions studied were reported more often by those with migraine. Whether entered into the models separately or together, headache pain intensity and MHD frequency were associated with increased risk for many conditions. Future work is required to understand the causal sequence of relationships (direct causality, reverse causality, shared underlying predisposition), the potential confounding role of healthcare professional consultation and treatment, and potential detection bias. ER  - 
Exploring cortical predictors of clinical response to electroconvulsive therapy in major depression$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a rapid and highly effective treatment option for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (TRD). The neural mechanisms underlying such beneficial effects are poorly understood. Exploring associations between changes of brain structure and clinical response is crucial for understanding ECT mechanisms of action and relevant for the validation of potential biomarkers that can facilitate the prediction of ECT efficacy. The aim of this explorative study was to identify cortical predictors of clinical response in TRD patients treated with ECT. We longitudinally investigated 12 TRD patients before and after ECT. Twelve matched healthy controls were studied cross sectionally. Demographical, clinical, and structural magnetic resonance imaging data at 3 T and multiple cortical markers derived from surface-based morphometry (SBM) analyses were considered. Multiple regression models were computed to identify predictors of clinical response to ECT, as reflected by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) score changes. Symptom severity differences pre–post-ECT were predicted by models including demographic data, clinical data and SBM of frontal, cingulate, and entorhinal structures. Using all-subsets regression, a model comprising HAMD score at baseline and cortical thickness of the left rostral anterior cingulate gyrus explained most variance in the data (multiple R2 = 0.82). The data suggest that SBM provides powerful measures for identifying biomarkers for ECT response in TRD. Rostral anterior cingulate thickness and HAMD score at baseline showed the greatest predictive power of clinical response, in contrast to cortical complexity, cortical gyrification, or demographical data. ER  - 
Cognition and quality of life in patients with poststroke epilepsy: A case–control study$$$ Introduction: Though seizures are a common complication after stroke, only little scientific evidence is available about the impact of epilepsy on cognitive functioning and quality of life in patients who have had a stroke. Therefore, we assessed these items in a case–control study. Methods: We studied 36 patients with poststroke epilepsy (PSE) and 36 matched patients who have had a stroke without epilepsy using parts of the FePsy (the computerized visual searching task (CVST) for central information processing speed and a reaction time test), the mini-mental-state examination (MMSE), the EuroQol, the stroke-adapted Sickness Impact Profile questionnaire (SA-SIP-30), the Barthel index, the modified Rankin scale, and the National Institutes of Health stroke scale (NIHSS). Results: Patients with PSE had significantly lower scores on the CVST and MMSE. Generic quality of life was the same in patients with poststroke epilepsy and patients with stroke only, however, the SA-SIP-30 showed a lower disease-specific quality of life in patients with poststroke epilepsy. The Barthel index showed no difference between both groups, but both the modified Rankin scale and the NIHSS were significantly higher in patients with poststroke epilepsy, indicating more disability and neurological impairment in patients with PSE. Conclusions: We found that PSE relates to impaired cognitive functioning, a lower disease-specific quality of life and more disability and neurological impairment. This underlines the importance of further clinical research in this field. This article is part of the Special Issue “Seizures & Stroke” ER  - 
Structural brain abnormalities in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objectives: We assessed the relationship between the clinical features of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and referrals for brain imaging tests. We also hypothesized that some clinical factors might be associated with structural brain imaging abnormalities in these patients. Methods: In this retrospective study, patients with PNES, who were investigated at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center, Iran, from 2008 until 2019, were studied. Results: One hundred thirty-two patients had a brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) study available. Forty-seven patients (36%) had abnormal finding(s) in their MRI. Age (odds ratio = 1.040, p = 0.02), and comorbid epilepsy (odds ratio = 3.006, p = 0.005) were significantly associated with having an abnormal brain MRI. In a subanalysis, we excluded the patients with comorbid epilepsy (46 patients). From the remaining 86 patients (with PNES only), 23 patients (26.7%) had abnormal findings on their MRIs. Common epileptogenic structural brain abnormalities (e.g., tumors, mesial temporal sclerosis, encephalomalacia, and developmental anomalies) were common in patients with comorbid PNES and epilepsy (in 19 out of 46 patients; 41%), but not in those with PNES only (in 4 out of 86 patients; 5%) (p = 0.00001). Conclusion: While the evidence is convergent on the relatively high prevalence of structural brain abnormalities in patients with PNES, the data so far is suboptimal. In order to investigate the significance of structural brain abnormalities in the development of PNES, future well-designed multicenter studies, which include a large number of patients with a unified methodology of imaging, are desirable. ER  - 
Prevalence and causes of communication disorders- A retrospective study from northern Karnataka$$$ Introduction: Communication disorders affect an individual's social, emotional, cognitive and behavioral wellbeing. Estimating the prevalence rate and cause of communication disorders can assist in prevention, early identification, intervention, rehabilitation and counselling. Method: A Retrospective study was carried out by reviewing the clinical records of clients who visited JSS Institute of Speech and Hearing, Dharwad for last three years. Additionally, data of clients who attended free speech and hearing camp conducted at Bijapur was collected. A total of 2064 clients who were diagnosed as having communication disorders were included for the study. Result: It was found that among the clients diagnosed as having communication disorders, Hearing Impairment was found to be the most prevalent in both children (30.81%) and adults (32.1%). Further, specific language impairment (8.04%), Delayed Speech and Language secondary to Cerebral palsy (7.21%) and delayed speech and language secondary to Intellectual Disability (6.15%) were also a few of the communication disorders seen. Among the risk factors causing communication disorders, consanguineous marriage (20.78%) was found to be the prominent causative factor followed by positive family history of speech and language disorder (7.12%), delayed birth cry (7.07%) and neonatal seizure (5.86%) etc. Conclusion: The results of the present study revealed that communication disorders are highly prevalent in northern part of Karnataka. Hearing impairment was one of the most commonly seen conditions in both pediatric and adult population. History of parental consanguinity was noted in a large number of children with communication disorders. ER  - 
Depression, anxiety and suicidal ideation/behaviour among persons with epilepsy: Common but underestimated comorbidities in Haryana, North India$$$ Background & Objectives: Depression, anxiety and suicide are the main psychiatric comorbidities which are more prevalent among persons with epilepsy (PWE). This study aims to determine the prevalence of depression, anxiety and suicidal ideation/behaviour in PWE and to correlate their clinical profile with psychiatric comorbidities in a population in North India. Methods: This study was conducted at Pt. BD Sharma PGIMS, Rohtak Haryana among PWE attending outpatient clinic at the Department of Neurology. A total of 100 eligible PWE were included in this study. The demographic and clinical history was documented. All patients filled up the Hospital anxiety and depression scale (HADS) and Columbia-suicide severity rating scale (C-SSRS) questionnaire. Results: The prevalence of depression and anxiety among PWE was found to be 60% and 70% respectively and the prevalence of suicidal ideation and suicidal behaviour was 42% and 3% respectively among PWE. Female gender, longer duration of epilepsy, higher seizure frequency, temporal lobe epilepsy, polytherapy, uncontrolled epilepsy and drug resistant epilepsy were found to be positively correlated with these psychiatric comorbidities. Conclusion: This study shows that the prevalence of depression, anxiety and suicidal ideation/ behaviour is high among PWE in Haryana, North India. PWE should be screened for these psychiatric comorbidities to improve their quality of life. ER  - 
Mesial temporal resection following long-term ambulatory intracranial EEG monitoring with a direct brain-responsive neurostimulation system$$$ Objective: To describe seizure outcomes in patients with medically refractory epilepsy who had evidence of bilateral mesial temporal lobe (MTL) seizure onsets and underwent MTL resection based on chronic ambulatory intracranial EEG (ICEEG) data from a direct brain-responsive neurostimulator (RNS) system. Methods: We retrospectively identified all patients at 17 epilepsy centers with MTL epilepsy who were treated with the RNS System using bilateral MTL leads, and in whom an MTL resection was subsequently performed. Presumed lateralization based on routine presurgical approaches was compared to lateralization determined by RNS System chronic ambulatory ICEEG recordings. The primary outcome was frequency of disabling seizures at last 3-month follow-up after MTL resection compared to seizure frequency 3 months before MTL resection. Results: We identified 157 patients treated with the RNS System with bilateral MTL leads due to presumed bitemporal epilepsy. Twenty-five patients (16%) subsequently had an MTL resection informed by chronic ambulatory ICEEG (mean = 42 months ICEEG); follow-up was available for 24 patients. After MTL resection, the median reduction in disabling seizures at last follow-up was 100% (mean: 94%; range: 50%-100%). Nine patients (38%) had exclusively unilateral electrographic seizures recorded by chronic ambulatory ICEEG and all were seizure-free at last follow-up after MTL resection; eight of nine continued RNS System treatment. Fifteen patients (62%) had bilateral MTL electrographic seizures, had an MTL resection on the more active side, continued RNS System treatment, and achieved a median clinical seizure reduction of 100% (mean: 90%; range: 50%-100%) at last follow-up, with eight of fifteen seizure-free. For those with more than 1 year of follow-up (N = 21), 15 patients (71%) were seizure-free during the most recent year, including all eight patients with unilateral onsets and 7 of 13 patients (54%) with bilateral onsets. Significance: Chronic ambulatory ICEEG data provide information about lateralization of MTL seizures and can identify additional patients who may benefit from MTL resection. ER  - 
Sex and age differences in the association between anxiety disorders and narcolepsy: A nationwide population-based case control study$$$ Background: To examine the association between narcolepsy and anxiety disorders. Methods: This population-based, retrospective case-control study analyzed Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database between 2000 and 2013. We included narcoleptic patients aged at least 12 years, diagnosed according to the International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) code 347. The cases and the propensity score-matched controls were selected in a 1:4 ratio. Each subject with anxiety disorders (ICD-9-CM code 300) was required to visit the outpatient clinic at least three times within a year. Multivariate logistic regression and interaction analyses were used to calculate the association between anxiety disorders and narcolepsy. Results: This study enrolled 478 and 1912 subjects with and without narcolepsy, respectively. After adjusting for covariates, patients with anxiety disorders had an approximately 2.7 odds ratio of developing narcolepsy when compared to the control subjects (adjusted odds ratio [aOR)] = 2.7; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.699–4.344). Interaction analysis and subgroup analysis showed a higher incidence of previously diagnosed anxiety disorders in narcoleptic patients aged 12 to 17 years and female patients (aOR = 25.9; 95% CI = 15.194–42.896; aOR = 3.6; 95% CI = 1.818–7.062, respectively). Limitations: The narcolepsy and anxiety disorders were not distinguished by validated structural diagnostic instruments. Conclusions: The results of this study revealed higher comorbidity rates of anxiety disorders in narcoleptic patients. The incidence of previously diagnosed anxiety disorders was higher in narcoleptic patients aged 12 to 17 years and female patients. ER  - 
Long-Term Cognitive Improvement After Functional Hemispherectomy$$$ Background: To investigate intellectual development after functional hemispherectomy and to evaluate the favorable or unfavorable factors affecting prognosis. Methods: Twenty-three patients from the patient follow-up database of the Epilepsy Center of Neurosurgery were selected for this retrospective study. The inclusion criteria of the patients were functional hemispherectomy surgery, surgical age older than 6 years, patients able to complete the intelligence assessment, follow-up time not less than 2 years, and availability of complete preoperative evaluation and postoperative follow-up data. Full Scale Intelligence Quotients (FSIQ) were calculated preoperatively and at the follow-up times for each patient. Correlations between the preoperative to postoperative changes in FSIQ and risk factors (age at epilepsy onset, duration of preoperative epilepsy, postoperative changes in the electroencephalogram, seizure status after surgery, and follow-up time) were analyzed. EpiData 3.1 software was used to establish a database and SPSS 22.0 software was used for data collation and analysis, and used the matching sample Wilcoxon symbol rank and test to conduct the analysis. Results: The data of 23 patients were analyzed. The final follow-up results showed that 73.9% of the patients (17/23) had a significant increase in FSIQ scores (P = 0.006) after surgery, indicating that their cognitive function improved significantly. Successful surgery, successful postoperative seizure control, normalization of postoperative electroencephalogram, shorter disease duration before surgery, and longer recovery periods after surgery (follow-up time) were all related with good intellectual prognosis. Conclusions: Successful functional hemispherectomy significantly improved the cognitive function of patients. Functional hemispherectomy is a safe and effective treatment for patients with intractable epilepsy caused by hemispheric lesions and can effectively promote intellectual recovery and development. ER  - 
Baseline Resilience and Posttraumatic Symptoms in Dyads of Neurocritical Patients and Their Informal Caregivers: A Prospective Dyadic Analysis$$$ Background: Admission to a neuroscience intensive care unit (Neuro-ICU) is sudden and often traumatic for both patients and their informal caregivers. No prior studies have assessed prospectively risk and resiliency factors for chronic posttraumatic symptoms, as well as the potential interdependence between patients' and caregivers' symptoms over time. Objective: To analyze the impact of baseline resiliency factors on symptoms of posttraumatic stress (PTS) longitudinally in dyads of patients admitted to the Neuro-ICU and their primary family caregivers. Methods: We recruited dyads (M = 108) of patients admitted to the Neuro-ICU (total N = 102) and their family caregivers (total N = 103). Dyads completed self-report assessments of PTS and resiliency factors (mindfulness and coping) at baseline in the Neuro-ICU. PTS was measured again at 3- and 6-month follow-up. Results: Clinically significant PTS symptoms were high at baseline in both patients (20%) and caregivers (16%) and remained high through 6 months (25% in patients; 14% in caregivers). Actor-partner interdependence modeling demonstrated that severity of PTS symptoms was predictive of PTS symptoms at subsequent time points (P < 0.001). High baseline mindfulness and coping predicted less severe PTS symptoms in patients and caregivers (P < 0.001) at all time points. Own degree of PTS symptoms at 3 months predicted worse PTS symptoms in one's partner at 6 months, for both patients and caregivers (P = 0.02). Conclusions: Findings highlight the need to prioritize assessment and treatment of PTS in Neuro-ICU patients and their informal caregivers through a dyadic approach. ER  - 
Social impairment and stigma in genetic generalized epilepsies$$$ Introduction: Patients with epilepsy have poor social outcome. Multifactorial factors are usually involved, but among them, stigma features may have an important role. Genetic generalized epilepsies (GGEs) were previously considered “benign” syndromes. The aim of our study was to assess social impairment and stigma in GGE and to evaluate differences between the following GGE subsyndromes: juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME), juvenile absence epilepsy (JAE), and generalized tonic–clonic seizures alone (GTCSA). Additionally, we compared these outcomes with outcomes from a cohort of patients with epilepsy with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis (MTLE-HS), a severe and difficult-to-treat syndrome. Results were compared with social data from the general population. Methods: Adult patients with epilepsy with a previously classified GGE or MTLE-HS were consecutively invited to fill in a sociodemographic and stigma questionnaire in outpatient clinic. Clinical data and psychiatric comorbidities were retrieved from clinical notes. Results: Questionnaires from 333 patients were obtained: 226/67% from patients with GGE (JME: 106/31.8%, GTCSA: 74/22.2%, and JAE: 46/13.8%) and 107/32.1% from patients with MTLE-HS. We found that patients with GGE have a good academic achievement but they have increased difficulties in finding a partner, higher rates of divorce, and a reduced number of children per woman and per man when compared with general population. We also observed that patients with GGE have higher rates of unemployment (22.6%) and lower monthly income than general population. Severe problems in housing were only seen in GGEs. Of these, 3 patients (1.3%) were in homeless condition. Over half (52%) of patients with MTLE-HS and over a quarter (28%) of patients with GGE experienced felt stigma. Psychiatric comorbidity was highly prevalent among GGE (34.1%), especially in patients with refractory epilepsy. Mood and anxiety disorders were the most prevalent conditions. No other significant differences were found between GGE subsyndromes. Discussion: We found an impairment in every social domain assessed (except in level of education) when compared with general population. Most of the social outcome parameters were unexpectedly close or similar to MTLE-HS or even worse as it was the prevalence of homelessness among GGE. Social impairment is underdiagnosed and might be considered in clinical practice even in syndromes for some time considered benign such as GGE. ER  - 
Quality of life and its association with comorbidities and adverse events from antiepileptic medications: Online survey of patients with epilepsy in Australia$$$ Objective: This study aimed to explore the quality of life (QoL) of adult patients with epilepsy (PwE) in Australia and its relationship with comorbidities and adverse events (AEs) from antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Methods: Cross-sectional surveys were completed by PwE, or carer proxies, recruited via the online pharmacy application MedAdvisor and Australian PwE Facebook groups from May to August 2018. Data were collected on demographics, epilepsy severity and management, AEs, comorbidities, and QoL (using the Patient-Weighted Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory [QOLIE-10-P] total score). Two linear regression models were constructed to explore associations between AEs or comorbidities and QOLIE-10-P score, with possible confounders determined using stepwise selection. Results: Nine hundred and seventy-eight of 1267 responses were eligible (mean age of respondents: 44.5 years, 64% female, 52% employed). Recent AED use was reported by 97%; 47% were on AED monotherapy, 35% had ≤ 2 lifetime AEDs, and 55% were seizure-free for > 1 year. After stepwise selection, control variables included in both models were time since diagnosis, employment status, seizure frequency, number of currently prescribed AEDs, and number of general practitioner (GP) visits per year. In the model for comorbidities, “psychiatric disorders” was associated with the largest QOLIE-10-P score decrease (− 23.14, p < 0.001). In the model for AEs, which additionally controlled for depression and anxiety disorder, self-reported “memory problems” was associated with the largest decrease in QOLIE-10-P score (− 14.27, p < 0.001). Conclusions: In this survey of Australian PwE, many of whom had relatively well-controlled epilepsy, psychiatric and self-reported memory problems were common and associated with the greatest detrimental impact on QoL. Further research is needed to better understand the underlying causes of impaired QoL and thereby improve its management. ER  - 
Intubation for Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Attacks: Frequency, Risk Factors, and Impact on Outcome$$$ Purpose: Patients with psychogenic non-epileptic attacks (PNEA) sometimes receive aggressive treatment leading to endotracheal intubation. We sought to identify the frequency, risk factors, and impact on outcome of intubation for PNEA. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed all PNEA patients admitted via the emergency department (ED) who had an episode of PNEA documented by continuous video electroencephalography (vEEG) at Henry Ford Hospital between January 2012 and October 2017. Patients with comorbid epilepsy were excluded. Clinical features, treatments, and vEEG reports were compared between intubated and non-intubated patients. Results: Of 80 patients who were admitted via the ED and had PNEA documented by vEEG, 12 (15%) were intubated. Compared with non-intubated PNEA patients, intubated patients had longer duration of convulsive symptoms (25 [IQR 7-53] vs 2 [IQR 1-9] minutes, P = 0.01), were less likely to have a normal Glasgow Coma Scale score of 15 (33% vs 94%, P < 0.001), received higher doses of benzodiazepines (30 [IQR 16-45] vs 10 [IQR 5-20] mg of diazepam equivalents, P = 0.004), and were treated with more antiepileptic drugs (AEDs, 2 [IQR 1-3] vs 1 [IQR 1-2], P = 0.01). Hospital length of stay was longer (3 [IQR 3-5] vs 2 [IQR 2-3], P = 0.001), and the rate of complications (25% vs 4%, P = 0.04) and re-hospitalization from a recurrent episode of PNEA within 30 days was higher among intubated PNEA patients (17% vs 0%, P = 0.02). Conclusion: Fifteen percent of patients hospitalized for vEEG-documented PNEA were intubated. Intubated patients had longer length of stay, more in-hospital complications, and a high rate of re-hospitalization from recurrent PNEA symptoms. Prolonged duration of convulsive symptoms, depressed level of consciousness, and aggressive treatment with benzodiazepines were associated with intubation for PNEA. ER  - 
Emergency room diagnoses of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures with psychogenic status and functional (psychogenic) symptoms: Whopping$$$ Collecting 130 electronic medical records and diagnoses from emergency room stays of eleven patients with confirmed psychogenic nonepileptic seizure (PNES) over a 17-year period (2001–2018), 48 different diagnostic terms were retrieved. This emphasized the need for a consensual terminology encompassing not only PNES but also all functional transient (paroxysmal) events, including episodes of motor or sensory deficits, and cognitive symptoms. Rather than defining what it is not (PNES, stroke mimicks…), it would be more accurate to define what it is: a paroxysmal functional event. ER  - 
HLA-B*1502 is associated with aromatic anticonvulsant drug-induced cutaneous adverse drug reactions among the Hakka population in China$$$ Background: The purpose of this study was to analyze the correlation between aromatic antiepileptic drug-induced cutaneous adverse drug reactions and HLA-B*1502 genotype in patients from the Hakka population in Meizhou. Methods: A total of 214 epileptic patients taking aromatic (n = 94) or non-aromatic anticonvulsants (n = 120) were included in the study from September 2016 to May 2018. Clinical data for the patients were analyzed retrospectively and HLA-B*1502 genotype testing was carried out. Results: Thirty patients were HLA-B*1502(+) (14.02%). The proportion of HLA-B*1502(−) genotype and incidence of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) differed significantly between the two drug groups. In the aromatic anticonvulsant group, maculopapular eruption (MPE), Stevens–Johnson syndrome (SJS), toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), and hypersensitivity syndrome (HSS) occurred in 10 patients, including eight HLA-B*1502(+) and two HLA-B*1502(−) patients. MPE, HSS, SJS, and TEN occurred in 26 patients in the non-aromatic anticonvulsant group, including one HLA-B*1502(+) and 25 HLA-B*1502(−) patients. There was a significant correlation between the proportions of HLA-B*1502(+) genotype and induced cutaneous adverse drug reactions in the two groups. Conclusions: HLA-B*1502 is associated with aromatic anticonvulsant drug-induced cutaneous adverse drug reactions among the Hakka population in Meizhou, China. ER  - 
Who is willing to participate in research? A screening model for an anxiety and depression trial in the epilepsy clinic$$$ Objective: Anxiety and depression in epilepsy are prevalent, associated with poor outcomes, underrecognized, undertreated, and thus a key area of need for treatment research. The objective of this study was to assess factors associated with research participation among epilepsy clinic patients who screened positive for anxiety or depression. This was accomplished by characterizing clinical and psychiatric factors among patients seen in an epilepsy clinic and evaluating which factors were associated with consent for potential research participation, via a combined clinical and research screening model. Methods: In a pragmatic trial of anxiety and depression treatment in epilepsy, individuals with a positive screen for anxiety and/or depression at a routine epilepsy clinic visit were invited to opt-in (via brief electronic consent) to further eligibility assessment for a randomized treatment study. Information on psychiatric symptoms and treatment characteristics were collected for dual clinical care and research screening purposes. Cross-sectional association of demographic, clinical, and psychiatric factors with opting-in to research was analyzed by multiple logistic regression. Results: Among N = 199 unique adults with a first positive screen for anxiety and/or depression among 786 total screening events, 154 (77.4%) opted-in to further potential research assessment. Higher depression scores and current treatment with an antidepressant were independently associated with opting-in to research (depression odds ratio (OR) = 1.13 per 1-point increase in Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory-Epilepsy (NDDI-E) score, p = 0.028, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.01–1.26; antidepressant OR = 2.37, p = 0.041, CI: 1.04–5.41). Nearly half of the 199 individuals (43.7%) with anxiety and/or depression symptoms were already being treated with an antidepressant, and 46.7% were receiving neither antidepressant therapy nor mental health specialty care. One-quarter (24.1%) reported a past psychiatric hospitalization, yet only half of these individuals were receiving mental health specialty care. Significance: Our results demonstrate a high willingness to participate in research using a brief electronic consent approach at a routine clinic visit. Adults with persistent anxiety or depression symptoms despite antidepressant therapy and those with higher depression scores were more willing to consider a randomized treatment study. This has implications for future study design, as individuals already on treatment or those with more severe symptoms are often excluded from traditional research designs. We also found a high burden of psychiatric disease and high prevalence of persistent symptoms despite ongoing antidepressant treatment. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drug effects on subjective and objective cognition$$$ Rationale: Cognitive impairment is one of the most common complaints for persons with epilepsy (PWE). These impairments are not only associated with seizures, but are also regularly reported as adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Previous studies have examined cognitive effects of both AED monotherapy and polytherapy, yet there is limited research on these differences with respect to both subjective and objective cognition. The current study uses data from previous research conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)-sponsored Managing Epilepsy Well (MEW) Network collaborative. We used three distinct archival datasets from the following: (1) the HOBSCOTCH efficacy trial at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center (HOB-1), (2) the multisite replication trial (HOB-2), and (3) epilepsy self-management research conducted at the NYU School of Medicine. Methods: This retrospective analysis combined baseline data from three datasets to determine how the number of AEDs and the type of AEDs were associated with subjective (patient-reported) and objective (examiner-assessed) cognition. Subjective cognition was captured using the cognitive subscale of the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31) in all three datasets (n = 224), while objective cognition was measured using the Repeated Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) in the HOB-1 dataset (n = 65) and the Brief Test of Adult Cognition by Telephone (BTACT) in the HOB-2 dataset (n = 91). Multivariable linear regression was utilized for our initial assessments, followed by propensity score matching to provide stronger control of covariates. Matching was based on significantly different covariates, such as education, depression, and history of prior epilepsy surgery. Nonparametric statistical tests were utilized to compare these matched subjects. Results: Subjective cognitive impairment was significantly worse among individuals on monotherapy (1 AED) compared with those on polytherapy (2 + AEDs) (adjusted p = 0.041). These findings were consistent with our propensity score matched comparison of monotherapy and polytherapy, which indicated that polytherapy was associated with worse overall subjective cognition (adjusted p = 0.01), in addition to impairments on the RBANS (Total score p = 0.05) and specific subdomains of the BTACT (Episodic Verbal Memory p < 0.01, Working Memory p < 0.01, Processing Speed p < 0.01). Interestingly, older generation AEDs were associated with better language performance than newer generation and combined generation AED therapy (RBANS Language p = 0.03). These language-specific findings remained significant after controlling for the effects of topiramate and zonisamide (p = 0.04). Conclusions: A greater number of AEDs is significantly and negatively associated with subjective and objective cognition in PWE, and is in line with previous research. Antiepileptic drug type did not, in itself, appear to be associated with subjective cognition. Our findings suggest that ineffective AEDs should be replaced, rather than introducing additional AEDs to a treatment regimen. Further, while subjective and objective cognition assessments were both sensitive at detecting differences based on AED status, the neuropsychological objective subdomains offer additional and specific insights into how cognition is impaired with AEDs. ER  - 
Improved irritability, mood, and quality of life following introduction of perampanel as late adjunctive treatment for epilepsy$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of perampanel (PER) in late adjunctive treatment of focal epilepsy. We assessed outcomes 1) according to patients' clinical profiles and the broad mechanism of action (MoA) of concomitant antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and 2) the effects of PER on adverse events, irritability, mood, and quality of life (QOL). Methods: Consecutive patients commenced on PER at two epilepsy centers in Melbourne, Australia were identified. A nested cohort underwent detailed prospective assessment, while the remainder were retrospectively analyzed. Six- and 12-month efficacy endpoints were at least a 50% reduction in seizure frequency (responders) and complete seizure freedom. The prospective cohort underwent standardized validated questionnaires at 0, 1, 3, 6, and 12 months using the modified semi-structured seizure interview (SSI), Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP), Quality of Life in Epilepsy-Patient-Weighted (QOLIE-10-P), Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory Epilepsy (NDDI-E), and an Irritability Questionnaire. Results: One hundred sixty patients were followed for a median of 6 months: the mean number of prior AEDs was 6, 99% had drug-resistant epilepsy, and 72% had never experienced a prior seizure-free period of at least 6 months (= continuously refractory epilepsy). Perampanel was associated with responder and seizure freedom rates of 30.6% and 9.4% at 6 months and 19.4% and 4.4% (5.6% adjusted for the titration period) at 12 months. Having “continuously refractory epilepsy” was associated with a reduced likelihood of seizure freedom at 6 months (5% vs. 30%; p = 0.001) and 12 months (3% vs. 13%; p = 0.058). Quality of Life in Epilepsy-Patient-Weighted, irritability, and NDDI-E showed mean improvement at 6 months from baseline. Significance: Even when used as late add-on adjunctive therapy in patients with highly refractory focal epilepsy, PER can result in 12-month seizure freedom of 5.6%. The likelihood of seizure freedom was associated with prior “continuous medication refractoriness”. Six months after introduction of PER patients reported improved mood, QOL, and decreased irritability. ER  - 
Sex differences in factors associated with daytime sleepiness and insomnia symptoms in persons with epilepsy$$$ Clinical factors associated with daytime sleepiness and insomnia in persons with epilepsy (PWE) were examined in this cross-sectional study of 126 participants (men, 50.8%). Excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS; score of ≥ 11 on the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS)) was noted in 17.5% of participants (mean score, 6.1 ± 4.2), and moderate-to-severe insomnia (Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) scores of ≥ 15) was noted in 20.6% (mean score, 7.8 ± 6.4). Linear regression analyses revealed that ESS scores were independently associated with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA; snoring, tiredness, observed apnea, high blood pressure, body mass index, age, neck circumference, and gender (STOP-Bang) score of ≥ 3), an antiepileptic drug (AED) load of > 3, depression (Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) score of ≥ 10), female sex, and nocturnal seizures. Insomnia Severity Indices were independently associated with depression and anxiety (Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) score of ≥ 7). Notably, significant sex differences were found. Epworth Sleepiness Scale scores were associated with OSA in men but were associated with depression in women. In addition, anxiety was associated with insomnia in women only. Overall, OSA and depression were the most important significant clinical factors associated with daytime sleepiness and insomnia, respectively. However, there were sex differences for the associations between individual factors and sleep disturbances. ER  - 
Factors Associated with Caregiver Sleep Quality Related to Children with Rare Epilepsy Syndromes$$$ Objective: To evaluate the impact of pediatric sleep disturbances and night-time seizure monitoring of children with rare epilepsy syndromes on the sleep quality and mental health of caregivers. Study design: A cross-sectional study was conducted using caregiver entered data from the Rare Epilepsy Network on pediatric sleep disturbances and Patient Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System measures for caregiver fatigue, sleep disturbance, sleep-related impairment, depression, anxiety, companionship, and cognition. Logistic regression was used to examine associations between risk factors and caregiver sleep quality. Results: Non-Hispanic white mothers comprised 83% of the 742 respondents in this study. After adjusting for covariates, difficulty falling asleep, excessive daytime sleepiness, frequent night-time awakenings, and very restless sleep in children were associated with fatigue (aOR 95% CI, 1.5-2.2), sleep-related disturbance (aOR 95% CI, 1.7-2.6) and sleep impairment (aOR 95% CI, 1.5-2.4) in caregivers. Caregiver anxiety (aOR 95% CI, 3.6-6.0) and depression (aOR 95% CI, 2.8-6.0) were also highly associated with their fatigue and sleep quality, whereas companionship (aOR 95% CI, 0.3-0.4) and higher caregiver cognition (aOR 95% CI, 0.1-0.2) were protective. In addition, sharing a room or bed or using methods that require listening for seizures were significantly related to sleep disturbance and fatigue in the caregivers. Conclusions: In rare epilepsies, pediatric sleep disturbances and night-time seizure monitoring are significantly associated with caregiver fatigue and poor sleep quality. In addition to the intense caregiving needs of children with rare epilepsies, fatigue and poor sleep quality in caregivers may contribute to or result from mental health problems. ER  - 
Health profile of pediatric special immigrant visa holders arriving from Iraq and Afghanistan to the United States, 2009-2017: A cross-sectional analysis$$$ Background The United States has admitted over 80,000 Special Immigrant Visa holders (SIVH), which include children. Despite the increase in the proportion of SIVH admissions to the US over recent years, little is known about health conditions in SIV children. We report the frequency of selected diseases identified overseas and assess differences in selected conditions between SIV children from Iraq and Afghanistan. Methods and findings We analyzed 15,729 overseas medical exam data in Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Electronic Disease Notification system (EDN) for children less than 18 years of age from Iraq (29.1%) and Afghanistan (70.9%) who were admitted to the US from April 2009 through December 2017 in a cross-sectional analysis. Variables included age, sex, native language, measured height and weight, and results of the overseas medical examination. From our analysis, less than 1% of SIV children (Iraqi: 0.1%; Afghan: 0.12%) were reported to have abnormal tuberculosis test findings, less than 1% (Iraqi: 0.3%; Afghan: 0.7%) had hearing abnormalities, and about 4% (Iraqi: 6.0% Afghan: 2.9%) had vision abnormalities, with a greater prevalence of vision abnormalities noted in Iraqis (OR: 1.9, 95% CI 1.6-2.2, p <0.001). Seizure disorders were noted in 46 (0.3%) children, with Iraqis more likely to have a seizure disorder (OR: 7.6, 95% CI 3.8-15.0, p < 0.001). On average, children from Afghanistan had a lower mean height-for-age z-score (Iraqi: −0.28; Afghan: −0.68). Only the data quality assessment for height for age for children >5 years fell within WHO recommendations. Limitations included the inability to obtain all SIVH records and self-reported medical history of noncommunicable diseases. Conclusion In this investigation, we found that less than 1% of SIV children were reported to have abnormal tuberculosis test findings and 4% of SIV children had reported vision abnormalities. Domestic providers caring for SIVH should follow the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Guidelines for the US Domestic Medical Examination for Newly Arriving Refugees, including an evaluation for malnutrition. Measurement techniques and anthropometric equipment used in panel site clinics should be assessed, and additional training in measurement techniques should be considered. Future analyses could further explore the health of SIV children after resettlement in the US. ER  - 
Mu Opioid Receptor Gene (OPRM1) in Patients with Opiate Use Disorder$$$ Introduction:Genetics of opiate dependence has focused on the opioidergic system, which is the primary target for opiates. Human mu opioid receptor (OPRM1) is the most important site for the analgesic effect of opioids.Methods:A case-control study included 40 patients with opiate use disorder and 40 matching control subjects. Polymorphism in Mu opioid receptor gene (OPRM1') was investigated in both patients and healthy controls by a genetic study. Substance use was further assessed in patients using the Addiction Severity Index while urine screen was required for controls. The single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) was reviewed in the SNP database of the National Centre for Biotechnology Information, and the life technologies SNP database.Results:No significant difference was found between the 2 groups (P=0.348) as regards the presence of polymorphic Mu opioid receptor gene (GT). There was no significant difference in the frequency of G and T alleles between the 2 groups; however, the frequency of G allele in cases was higher than T allele. No significant difference in group A between males and females as regarding gene type. Moreover, no difference was found in patients between the subjects who had GT and GG genotype regarding clinical data and severity of addiction and the occurrence of seizures.Conclusion:The use of opiates is associated with OPRM1 and the presence of the polymorphic gene (GT) has no relation with the different clinical characteristics of the opiate use. ER  - 
Efficacy and Safety of Electroconvulsive Therapy in Adolescents: A Retrospective Chart Review Study from Turkey$$$ Objective The aim of this study was to report the efficacy and safety of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in manic, depressed, psychotic, and catatonic adolescent patients. Methods Medical records of 78 adolescents who had received ECT in Department of Psychiatry, Gaziantep University Medical Faculty, during 2011 to 2017 were reviewed. Sixty-two subjects in this sample were identified to have complete records and met the study inclusion criteria. Results The mean ± SD age of subjects was 17.11 ± 1.04 years and female sex was 53.2% (n = 33). Primary the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision or the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition diagnoses were bipolar mood disorders (n = 33, 53.2%), major depressive disorder (n = 16, 25.8%), schizophrenia (n = 8, 12.9%), and schizoaffective disorders (n = 5, 8.1%). Electroconvulsive therapy was significantly effective in treating manic, depressive, psychotic, and catatonia symptoms as evidenced by significant differences in pretreatment and posttreatment scores in outcome measures including Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Young Mania Rating Scale, Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, and Clinical Global Impression-Severity Scale (P < 0.001). Presence of comorbidity adversely affected treatment response (P = 0.001). However, ECT was also effective in those with comorbid diagnoses (P < 0.001). Depressive symptoms in patients with bipolar depression responded better than those with unipolar depression (P = 0.012). Electroconvulsive therapy was generally safe with subjective memory complaints (85%), headache (69%), and prolonged seizure (8%) as the reported adverse effects possibly related to ECT. Four subjects (6%) developed a manic switch during ECT. Conclusions Electroconvulsive therapy is an effective and a safe treatment option in adolescent patients with severe and resistant psychopathology. Although comorbidity may decrease treatment response, ECT seems to be effective even in the presence of multiple psychiatric diagnoses. ER  - 
Brivaracetam: First Canadian Experience in an Intractable Epilepsy Population$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness and tolerability of brivaracetam (BRV) in a refractory epilepsy population in an outpatient clinical setting. Methods: Retrospective medical information system review and self-report questionnaire for all patients treated with BRV until the end of 2017.Results: Thirty-eight patients were included, 73.7% female and mean age 36.2. The mean number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) for previous use was 8.9, and for current use was 2.5. Mean seizure frequency in the last 3 months was 12 per month. At 3, 6, 12, and 15 months, the 50% responder rates were 36.1%, 32%, 41.2%, and 45.5%, respectively. Patients took BRV for a median duration of 8.25 months, ranging from 7 days to 60 months. Retention rate was 75.0%, 72.0%, 59.2%, and 47.9% at 3, 6, 12, and 15 months, respectively. Overall, the main reasons for discontinuation were adverse events (AEs) (52.3%), lack of efficacy (35.3%), or both (11.8%). The rate of total AEs was 60.5% according to medical records and 85.7% according to questionnaire, including mostly tiredness, psychiatric, and memory complaints. Psychiatric side effects occurred in 31.6% according to medical records and 47.4% according to questionnaire results, which is higher than previously reported and persisted throughout the study period. Conclusions: BRV appears to be a useful and safe add-on treatment, even in a very refractory group of patients. In this real-life clinical setting, psychiatric AEs were found at a higher rate than previously published. ER  - 
The incidence of prolonged post-electroconvulsive therapy delirium: A retrospective study$$$ The objective of the study was to assess the incidence and determinants of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)-induced delirium. Materials and Methods: Using a retrospective study design, data of 488 patients undergoing modified ECT were evaluated for the development of new-onset prolonged delirium. Demographic and clinical parameters of patients who developed delirium and those who did not develop delirium were compared. Results: 5.7% of the patients developed prolonged post-ECT delirium. The use of quetiapine in higher doses and the lack of use of antidepressants while receiving ECT were associated with the development of prolonged post-ECT delirium. None of the other clinical and ECT-related parameters emerged as a significant factor associated with the development of prolonged post-ECT delirium. Conclusions: A small proportion of patients undergoing ECT develop post-ECT prolonged delirium. ER  - 
Retrospective review of pharmacogenomic testing in pediatric populations$$$ BACKGROUND: Identify targets for pharmacogenomic (PGx) testing and research in pediatric populations. METHODS: Identified actionable drug-gene pairs involving 20 genes on PGx panel (Actionable: CPIC level A or B, PharmGKB level 1A or 1B, or US Food and Drug Administration recommendations for testing and a PharmGKB PGx level). Medical indications for each drug were identified using Lexicomp. The frequencies actionable results from pharmacogenomic tests performed at our pediatric hospital, actionable medication use at our center, and diagnoses associated with actionable drug-gene pairs among patients seen at 37 pediatric centers compiled in Cerner Health Facts were assessed. RESULTS: Of the patients tested, 449/454 (98.9%), aged 11.9 ± 4.3 years, had actionable results. The drug-gene pairs with the highest frequency of actionable alleles were: peginterferon alfa-2b-IFNL4 (58.9%); warfarin-VKORC1 (58.8%), and-CYP4F2 (44.0%); clopidogrel-CYP2C19 (32.8%), dexlansoprazole-CYP2C19 (32.8%); citalopram and escitalopram-SLC6A4 (32.5%) and-CYP2C19 (31.7%); and pantoprazole-CYP2C19 (31.7%); 9,289/17,566 (53.0%) of inpatients and 27,898/148,850 (18.9%) of outpatients were prescribed actionable drugs. The most frequently prescribed actionable drug types were ondansetron (11.9% of patients), PPIs (3.5%), anti-epileptics (3.0%), and SSRIs (1.2%); 75,308/117,237 (64.2%) of patients, aged 10.3 ± 5.5 years, in Health Facts had diagnoses associated with actionable drugs. The most frequent diagnostic groups were epilepsy (16.7%), ADHD/behavioral (14.6%), headaches (14.0%), mood disorders (12.3%), and esophagitis/gastritis (9.3%). CONCLUSION: Epilepsy, mood disorders and esophagitis/gastritis are common diagnoses associated with actionable drug-gene pairs in pediatric populations and would be good targets for PGx testing and research. ER  - 
Geographical variation and factors associated with prescribing of gabapentinoids in England$$$ Background: In the past decade, there is a marked increasing trend of gabapentinoids (GPNs; including gabapentin and pregabalin) utilisation in the western countries which parallels the opioid epidemic and increasing prevalence of chronic pain. Due to increasing concerns in drug misuse, illegal diversion, and drug abuse, GPNs were classified as controlled C drugs in the United Kingdom (UK) in April 2019. However, there is a lack of drug utilisation research of GPNs to explore the utilisation trend, geographical variation, factors associated with the utilisation, and GPN-related harms. Aims: This study aims to quantify the amount and trend of prescribed GPNs in England and explore the geographical variation and factors associated with the prescribing of GPNs. Methods: This cross-sectional study applied practice-level dispensing data, number of registrants in general practices, and practice-level prevalence of diseases (2017/18 Quality and Outcomes Framework) in England from the UK National Health Service Digital. The estimated population sizes and the 2015 Index of Multiple Deprivation (IMD) decile in practice-level were retrieved from the Office for National Statistics. Descriptive statistics were used to report the trend of annual utilisation of GPNs from 2011 to 2018, which was quantified by the number of defined daily doses (DDD)/1000 registrants. In 2018, the 7218 general practices were grouped into 195 clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) and ranked by GPN utilisation. Multilevel mixed-effect regression analysis that adjust the cluster effect of CCGs on general practices was applied to 2018 annual utilisation of GPNs to explore the association between socio-economic status, demographic characteristics (age, gender, proportion of patients over 65 years, and proportion of female), prevalence of selected diseases (obesity, cancer, diabetes, depression, epilepsy, mental health diseases, rheumatoid arthritis and osteoporosis), and the utilisation of GPNs. Results: The annual DDD/1000 registrants of prescribed GPNs significantly increased 156% from 1847 in 2011 to 4736 in 2018. The increasing trend is consistent when stratified into gabapentin and pregabalin. In 2018, the median DDD/1000 registrants across the 195 CCGs was 4525 (interquartile range: 3130, 5610). The majority of CCGs with the highest GPNs utilisation was in the North of England. Six of the top 10 ranking CCGs of GPN utilisation were situated in the North West. There was a significant association between the utilisation of GPNs and IMD deciles, demographic characteristics, and relevant disease conditions in 2018, except for cancer and diabetes. For every decrease in IMD decile (lower IMD means more deprived), there was a significant increase in the rate of prescribed GPNs of 11.18 DDD/1000 registrants/year after adjusting for registrants' characteristics. Conclusion: The prescribing of gabapentinoids markedly and steadily increased in England during 2011-2018. There is a North-South divide in prescribing GPNs with the North having a larger use than the South. Socio-economic status was associated with the increasing use of gabapentinoids in practice level. Further study is needed to explore the association between utilisation and GPN-related harms in patientlevel data and adjust for relevant factors. ER  - 
Metabolic lesion-deficit mapping of human cognition$$$ In theory the most powerful technique for functional localization in cognitive neuroscience, lesion-deficit mapping is in practice distorted by unmodelled network disconnections and strong 'parasitic' dependencies between collaterally damaged ischaemic areas. High-dimensional multivariate modelling can overcome these defects, but only at the cost of commonly impracticable data scales. Here we develop lesion-deficit mapping with metabolic lesions-discrete areas of hypometabolism typically seen on interictal18F-fluorodeoxyglucose PET imaging in patients with focal epilepsy-that inherently capture disconnection effects, and whose structural dependence patterns are sufficiently benign to allow the derivation of robust functional anatomical maps with modest data. In this cross-sectional study of 159 patients with widely distributed focal cortical impairments, we derive lesion-deficit maps of a broad range of psychological subdomains underlying affect and cognition. We demonstrate the potential clinical utility of the approach in guiding therapeutic resection for focal epilepsy or other neurosurgical indications by applying high-dimensional modelling to predict out-of-sample verbal IQ and depression from cortical metabolism alone. ER  - 
Occurrence of neuropsychiatric manifestations in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: Results from the swiss lupus cohort and meta-analysis of the pertinent literature$$$ Background Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a systemic autoimmune disease, often presenting with neuropsychiatric manifestations. Reports on the frequency and patterns of these manifestations vary substantially and remain incompletely understood. We examined neuropsychiatric manifestations in the prospective nationwide cohort of Swiss SLE (SSCS) patients and conducted a systematic literature review to con-textualise our findings. Methods We reviewed all patients included in the SSCS from 2007-2019 and classified severe neuropsychiatric manifestations. Searches were performed in relevant electronic databases from 1.1999-1.2020 and by checking reference lists of the pertinent literature. Authors of important papers were contacted to obtain further (unpublished) studies. We included prospective or cross-sectional studies focussing on neuropsychi-atric manifestations in SLE, defined according the ACR criteria of 1999. Study selection and data extraction was made in duplicate. We secured salient study characteristics, composition of cohorts, the definitions and the frequencies of neuropsychi-atric manifestations. We assessed heterogeneity across reports and investigated sources of variation using meta-regression models. Results The frequencies of severe manifestations found in the SSLE were 7.1% (49/688) for cerebrovascular events, 5.3% (37/688) for seizures and 6.5% (45/688) for psychosis. The time-to-event analysis showed a linear relationship between duration of SLE and cumulative incidence of severe neuro-psychiatric manifestations. Searches identified 530 studies and authors' contact yielded another unpublished report. We included 28 studies. The mean rates of the most commonly reported severe neuropsychiatric manifestations ranged in the magnitude of 50 percent points. Study characteristics and composition of cohorts could not explain heterogeneity of reported manifestation rates. Conclusions The spectrum of neuropsychiatric manifestations in SLE is widely dispersed. The diagnostic work-up and the reporting of manifestations varied substantially across studies which may explain inconsistencies to some extent. We call for concerted efforts and a broad consensus regarding stringent definitions of neuropsychiatric SLE manifestations that allow targeted detection, particularly with view to timely intervention and patient outcomes. ER  - 
Comorbidity and clinical impacts of attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in child and adolescent with epilepsy$$$ Aims and objectives: To highlight the comorbidity and clinical impacts of ADHD in Egyptian children and adolescent with epilepsy regarding its different characteristics and effect on quality of life. Patients and Methods: A cross-sectional study of 115 children with epilepsy was carried out and assessed for ADHD prevalence using the DSM5 criteria, Conner's Parent Rating Scale for ADHD, Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children and Quality of Life in Childhood Epilepsy Questionnaire: QOLCE-55. Results: 36 founded to have ADHD (31.3%) and 79 non-ADHD (68%), the inattention type was the most common by 19 child (52.7%) , 15 (41.6%) child with combined type and only 2 (5.5%) child with hyperactive type, The factors that were significantly associated with the co-morbidity were Lower age of onset of 1st seizure with nearly statically significant ratio (P value 0.051), the seizure presence in last 3 months group (P value 0.03), epileptic EEG abnormalities in the most recent EEG (P value 0.01), lower IQs (P value 0.002).and There was no statically significant association with sex, type of epilepsy, history of febrile seizure. There was strong statically significant decrease in quality of life with ADHD comorbidity (P value 0.001), and decrease school attendance between ADHD and non-ADHD groups (P value 0.015). Conclusion: ADHD is a common comorbidity in epileptic children with about 2\3 of ADHD children were not diagnosed, and severe effect on quality of life, so frequent assessment for ADHD in epileptic children is mandatory. ER  - 
Long-Term Outcome of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in a Large Cohort of Patients With Cocaine-Use Disorder: An Observational Study$$$ Background: Cocaine is a psychostimulant drug used as performance enhancer throughout history. The prolonged use of cocaine is associated with addiction and a broad range of cognitive deficits. Currently, there are no medications proven to be effective for cocaine-use disorder (CocUD). Previous preliminary clinical work suggests some benefit from repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) stimulating the prefrontal cortex (PFC), involved in inhibitory cognitive control, decision-making and attention. All published studies to date have been limited by small sample sizes and short follow-up times. Methods: This is a retrospective observational study of 284 outpatients (of whom 268 were men) meeting DSM-5 criteria for CocUD. At treatment entry, most were using cocaine every day or several times per week. All patients underwent 3 months of rTMS and were followed for up to 2 years, 8 months. Self-report, reports by family or significant others and regular urine screens were used to assess drug use. Results: Median time to the first lapse (resumption of cocaine use) since the beginning of treatment was 91 days. For most patients, TMS was re-administered weekly, then monthly, throughout follow-up. The decrease in frequency of rTMS sessions was not accompanied by an increase in lapses to cocaine use. Mean frequency of cocaine use was <1·0 day/month (median 0), while serious rTMS-related adverse events were infrequent, consistent with published reports from smaller studies. Conclusions: This is the first follow-up study to show that rTMS treatment is accompanied by long-lasting reductions in cocaine use in a large cohort. ER  - 
Efficacy upon 12-weeks after achievement of maximal dose and tolerability of lacosamide as an adjunctive therapy in epilepsy: Real world clinical experience$$$ Lacosamide (LCM) is a new generation antiepileptic drug. It has only been available in Asia in recent years. A retrospective study at two hospitals in Hong Kong was performed to investigate the post-marketing efficacy and tolerability of the drug. A total of 81 subjects were recruited, among which 88% had drug-resistant epilepsy. The most common type of epilepsy was focal with unknown etiology. All patients used LCM as adjunctive therapy. The 50% responder rate was 42% at 12 weeks after achievement of maximal dose of LCM. No specific factor correlated with responsiveness including concomitant enzyme-inducing or sodium channel blocking anticonvulsants. Withdrawal rate within first 12 weeks after drug initiation was 14% while that at any time upon follow-up was 23%. Two cases of uncommon adverse reaction of myoclonus were also reported. The mechanism was postulated to be the sodium channel inhibiting action of LCM. Our study has shown LCM to have comparable efficacy and tolerability in post-marketing experience when compared with the landmark randomized controlled trials. ER  - 
Association between Neurological Disorders and Death by Suicide in Denmark$$$ Importance: Neurological disorders have been linked to suicide, but the risk across a broad spectrum of neurological disorders remains to be assessed. Objectives: To examine whether people with neurological disorders die by suicide more often than other people and to assess for temporal associations. Design, Setting, and Participants: Nationwide, retrospective cohort study on all persons 15 years or older living in Denmark, from 1980 through 2016 (N = 7300395). Exposures: Medical contact for head injury, stroke, epilepsy, polyneuropathy, diseases of myoneural junction, Parkinson disease, multiple sclerosis, central nervous system infections, meningitis, encephalitis, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, Huntington disease, dementia, intellectual disability, and other brain diseases from 1977 through 2016 (n = 1248252). Main Outcomes and Measures: Death by suicide during 1980-2016. Adjusted incidence rate ratio (IRRs) were estimated using Poisson regressions, adjusted for sociodemographics, comorbidity, psychiatric diagnoses, and self-harm. Results: Of the more than 7.3 million individuals observed over 161935233 person-years (49.1% males), 35483 died by suicide (median duration of follow-up, 23.6 years; interquartile range, 10.0-37.0 years; mean age, 51.9 years; SD, 17.9 years). Of those, 77.4% were males, and 14.7% (n = 5141) were diagnosed with a neurological disorder, equivalent to a suicide rate of 44.0 per 100000 person-years compared with 20.1 per 100000 person-years among individuals not diagnosed with a neurological disorder. People diagnosed with a neurological disorder had an adjusted IRR of 1.8 (95% CI, 1.7-1.8) compared with those not diagnosed. The excess adjusted IRRs were 4.9 (95% CI, 3.5-6.9) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, 4.9 (95% CI, 3.1-7.7) for Huntington disease, 2.2 (95% CI, 1.9-2.6) for multiple sclerosis, 1.7 (95% CI, 1.6-1.7) for head injury, 1.3 (95% CI, 1.2-1.3) for stroke, and 1.7 (95% CI, 1.6-1.8) for epilepsy. The association varied according to time since diagnosis with an adjusted IRR for 1 to 3 months of 3.1 (95% CI, 2.7-3.6) and for 10 or more years, 1.5 (95% CI, 1.4 to 1.6, P <.001). Compared with those who were not diagnosed with a neurological disorder, those with dementia had a lower overall adjusted IRR of 0.8 (95% CI, 0.7-0.9), which was elevated during the first month after diagnosis to 3.0 (95% CI, 1.9-4.6; P <.001). The absolute risk of suicide for people with Huntington disease was 1.6% (95% CI, 1.0%-2.5%). Conclusions and Relevance: In Denmark from 1980 through 2016, there was a significantly higher rate of suicide among those with a diagnosed neurological disorder than persons not diagnosed with a neurological disorder. However, the absolute risk difference was small. ER  - 
Impact of severe polyhandicap cared for at home on French informal caregivers' burden: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives Polyhandicap (PLH), defined by a combination of profound intellectual impairment and serious motor deficits, is a severe condition with complex disabilities. In France, care of the large majority of PLH individuals is managed in specialised rehabilitation centres or residential facilities, but some of PLH individuals are cared for at home. The aims of this study were to assess the self-perceived burden among informal caregivers of PLH individuals and to identify potential determinants of this burden. Design Cross-sectional study (Neuropaediatric Department, Trousseau Hospital, Paris, France). Settings PLH children were recruited from a specialised paediatric/neurological department. Participants The selection criteria of caregivers were age above 18 years and being the PLH individual's next of kin. Outcomes measures From March 2015 to December 2016, data were collected from the caregivers, including sociodemographical data, health status, psycho-behavioural data (quality of life, mood disorders and coping) and self-perceived burden. In addition, the health status of the PLH individual was collected. Relationships between the burden scores and potential determinants were tested (correlations coefficients, Mann-Whitney tests, generalised estimating equations models). Results Eighty-four children were eligible; 77 families returned their questionnaire. The informal caregivers of PLH children experienced a high level of perceived burden (scores ranged from 55±20 to 81±12). Eighty per cent of them had more than 5 hours of daily caregiving and 51% of them had to get up more than twice during the night. The main factors associated with caregiver burden were age, financial issues, health status, daily care and coping strategies. The patients' health status was not associated with caregiver burden. Conclusions Some of the caregiver burden determinants might be modifiable. These findings should help healthcare workers and health-decision makers implement specific and appropriate interventions. Trial registration number NCT02400528. ER  - 
Narcolepsy and 2009 H1N1 pandemic vaccination in Taiwan$$$ Background: Several European countries have observed an association between narcolepsy and H1N1 vaccines containing AS03® adjuvant in children/adolescents. In Taiwan, a nationwide campaign starting November 2009 administered H1N1 vaccines without adjuvant or with MF59® adjuvant to 67% of children and 12% of adults. Methods: For those registered in the 2000–2012 National Health Insurance (NHI) databases, we compared age-stratified (0–4, 5–18, 19–59, and ≥60 years) incidence of first referral for a diagnostic MSLT for the pre-pandemic, pandemic/pre-vaccination, and vaccination/post-pandemic period. We also compared the odds of H1N1 vaccination in each chart-ascertained narcolepsy patient, whoever had an onset of excessive daytime sleepiness between April 2009 and December 2012, with 10 population-based controls from the NHI databases on year of birth, sex, and index date, using conditional logistic regressions. Results: Incidence of MSLT referral for narcolepsy was highest and significantly increased in the pandemic/pre-vaccination period in the age group 5–18 (IRR 3.40, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 2.12–5.45) and 19–59 (IRR 2.90, 95% CI 1.62–5.02) years. Among 137 confirmed narcolepsy cases (86 adults and 51 children), the odds ratios (ORs) were 1.67 (95% CI 0.81–3.45) (adults) and 1.22 (95% CI 0.62–2.39) (children) for H1N1 vaccination without adjuvant, and 1.39 (95% CI 0.17–11.48) (adults) and 3.66 (95% CI 0.37–36.02) (children) with MF59® adjuvant. Conclusion: No substantial association between the use of H1N1 vaccines and narcolepsy was identified in Taiwan. Instead, the H1N1 infection itself could have played a role in triggering narcolepsy in children and young adults. ER  - 
Sixty years single institutional experience with pediatric craniopharyngioma: between the past and the future$$$ Purpose: To demonstrate the paradigm shift in management strategies of pediatric craniopharyngioma at our institution over the past six decades. Methods: Retrospective analysis of all pediatric patients with craniopharyngioma treated at Boston Children’s Hospital between 1960 and 2017. Results: One hundred seventy-eight patients with craniopharyngioma were treated between 1960 and 2017; 135 (70 males and 65 females) fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Forty-five patients were treated in the old era (1960–1984) and 90 patients were treated in the new era (1985–2017). Gross total resection (GTR) was achieved in 4% and 43% of patients in old and new eras respectively. Sub-total resection (STR) and radiotherapy (XRT) were performed in 27% and 28% of patients in old and new eras respectively. STR without XRT was performed in 20% and 29% of patients in old and new era respectively. Cyst drainage and adjuvant radiotherapy were performed in 49% of patients in the old era while no patients in the new era underwent such conservative management. Aggressive surgical resection was associated with a higher risk of worsening visual outcomes (20% vs 16%), panhypopituitarism and diabetes insipidus (86% vs 53%), psycho-social impairment (42% vs 26%), and new-onset obesity (33% vs 22%). The mortality rate was higher in the old era in comparison with that of the new one (9% vs 2%). Conclusion: There was a paradigm shift in management strategies of pediatric craniopharyngioma over the past six decades which in turn affected the long-term outcomes and quality of life of patients. ER  - 
Palliative short-course hypofractionated radiotherapy followed by chemotherapy in esophageal adenocarcinoma: the phase II PALAESTRA trial$$$ Background: The majority of patients with incurable esophageal adenocarcinoma suffer from dysphagia. We assessed a novel treatment strategy with initial short-course radiotherapy followed by chemotherapy with the primary aim to achieve long-term relief of dysphagia. Methods: This phase II trial included treatment-naîve patients with dysphagia due to esophageal adenocarcinoma not eligible for curative treatment. External beam radiotherapy with 20 Gy in five fractions to the primary tumor was followed by four cycles of chemotherapy (FOLFOX regimen). Dysphagia was assessed using a five-grade scale. Results: From October 2014 to May 2018 a total of 29 patients were enrolled. The rate of dysphagia improvement was 79%, median duration of improvement 6.7 months (12.2 months for responders) and median overall survival 9.9 months. In the pre-specified per protocol analysis (23 patients) the rate of dysphagia improvement was 91%, median duration of improvement 12.2 months (14.0 months for responders) and median overall survival 16.0 months. The most common grade 3–4 adverse events were neutropenia (29%), infection (25%), anorexia (11%), esophagitis (11%) and fatigue (11%). Conclusion: Initial palliative short-course radiotherapy followed by chemotherapy is a promising treatment strategy that can provide long-lasting relief of dysphagia in patients with esophageal adenocarcinoma. ER  - 
The natural history of seizures and neuropsychiatric symptoms in childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (CECTS)$$$ Objective: Childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (CECTS) (formally benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes, BECTS) is a common childhood epilepsy syndrome characterized by psychiatric, behavioral, and cognitive abnormalities and self-limited seizures. Although CECTS is one of the most well-characterized electroclinical epilepsy syndromes, the natural history of neuropsychiatric outcomes is poorly understood. We report the psychiatric, behavioral, and cognitive profiles over the course of disease from a large, prospectively-enrolled, longitudinal cohort of children with CECTS. We further characterize the detailed seizure course and test the relationship between several proposed risk factors and neuropsychiatric and seizure outcomes in these children. Methods: Patients diagnosed with CECTS were enrolled as part of a community-based study and followed from diagnosis through disease resolution (16.0 ± 3.1 years, N = 60). Twenty sibling controls were also recruited. We report the natural history of premorbid neuropsychiatric concerns, postmorbid neuropsychiatric diagnoses, long-term neuropsychological performance, seizure course, antiseizure medication (ASM) treatment response, and the relationship between duration seizure-free and remission. Age at onset and premorbid neuropsychiatric concerns were tested as predictors of seizure count, epilepsy duration, postmorbid neuropsychiatric diagnoses, and long-term neuropsychological performance. Antiseizure medication treatment duration, seizure count, and epilepsy duration were tested as predictors of postmorbid neuropsychiatric diagnoses and long-term neuropsychological performance. Results: Children with CECTS had a high incidence of ADD/ADHD symptoms (18.3%) or learning difficulties (21.7%) before diagnosis. New or persistent ADHD (20%), mood disorders (23.6%), learning difficulties (14.5%), and behavioral disorders (7.3%) were common after CECTS diagnosis. At 9-year follow-up, performance on formal neuropsychological testing was comparable to population statistics and sibling controls. More than two-thirds of treated children experienced at least one seizure during treatment. Most children (61.7%) had entered terminal resolution after 12 months seizure-free. Among all children, for each month seizure-free, there was a 6–7% increase in the probability of achieving terminal remission (p < 1e-10). The presence of a premorbid neurodevelopmental concern predicted a longer epilepsy duration (p = 0.02), higher seizure count (p = 0.02), and a postmorbid psychiatric or neurodevelopmental diagnosis (p = 0.002). None of the tested features predicted long-term neuropsychological performance. Significance: Children are at high risk of neuropsychiatric symptoms along the course of the disease in CECTS, however, long-term cognitive performance is favorable. The majority of children had a seizure while being treated with ASMs, suggesting that CECTS is not as pharmacoresponsive as assumed or that treatment approaches are not optimized. Among treated and untreated children, future seizure-risk can be estimated from duration seizure-free. The presence of a premorbid neuropsychiatric concern predicted a more severe disease course in CECTS. ER  - 
Neuropsychological group rehabilitation on neurobehavioral comorbidities in children with epilepsy$$$ Neurobehavioral comorbidities, particularly attention-deficits, are common in children with epilepsy (CWE). Neurobehavioral problems are manifested in school performance, peer relations, and social competence. Although the high prevalence of these comorbid behavioral problems is fully recognized, there remains to be a lack of studies on the interventions targeted for CWE. A manualized neuropsychological group intervention, Rehabilitation of EXecutive Function and ATtention (EXAT) has been developed for school-aged children (aged 6–12 years) with executive function (EF) and attention-deficits. This study aimed to explore the effects of EXAT on parent- and teacher-rated attention and behavior problems in CWE compared with children with the diagnosis of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and children with no formal diagnosis but prominent deficits in EF and attention. Forty-two children attending in neuropsychological group rehabilitation EXAT between the years 2006 and 2017 participated in this retrospective registry study. The CWE group consisted of 11 children, the ADHD group with 16 children, and EF/attention group consisted of 15 children with EF attention and/or problems without diagnosis of ADHD. The CWE group did not differ from the other two study groups (ADHD and no formal diagnosis) before the EXAT intervention. This indicates that attention problems in CWE are similar to those with diagnosed ADHD. The results were promising for applying structured multilevel intervention for CWE and neurobehavioral comorbidities. Lack of group differences between the groups participating EXAT suggests similar intervention effects between CWE, ADHD, and those with less severe EF and attention problems. In parent ratings, intervention effects were higher in hyperactivity and oppositional behavior for children with attention problems and without epilepsy. Parents in the CWE group reported no effects except for one subscale related to hyperactivity. However, teachers reported consistently positive intervention effects for both inattention and hyperactivity–impulsivity along with anxiety and emotional lability. The results suggest that neurobehavioral comorbidities in CWE could be targeted in neuropsychological group intervention. In conclusion, CWE seem to benefit from interventions and behavior modification techniques first developed for children with ADHD. ER  - 
The impact of a depression self-management intervention on seizure activity$$$ Purpose: Seizures have a variety of significant physical, cognitive, and social effects upon the individual. Depression has been linked to an increase in seizure activity, and Project Using Practice and Learning to Increase Favorable Thoughts (UPLIFT) was shown to reduce depressive symptoms. Project UPLIFT, based upon mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT), provides distance delivery of depression management skills to groups of people with epilepsy. Because Project UPLIFT reduces depression and depression is linked to seizure activity, the current analysis was designed to determine the impact of Project UPLIFT upon seizure frequency and severity. Method: Participants (n = 107) were adults ages 21–70 with epilepsy and mild-to-moderate depressive symptoms from the states of Georgia, Michigan, Texas, and Washington. The eight-session Project UPLIFT intervention was group-delivered weekly via the web or telephone. Participants were randomly assigned to condition (i.e., Project UPLIFT or a treatment-as-usual [TAU] waitlist) and assessed at baseline, and after intervening in the Project UPLIFT group (~ 10 weeks). Assessments included valid self-report measures of seizure frequency and severity and depression. Results: Mediation analysis found that there was a significant negative direct relationship between condition and number of seizures at posttest; the mean number of seizures decreased by 3.2 in the Project UPLIFT group, but increased by 2.3 in the TAU group. The indirect path from condition to number of seizures through change in depression was not significant. Conversely, there was no significant negative direct relationship between condition and seizure severity at posttest, although the seizure severity decreased by 2.2 points in the UPLIFT group and increased by 2.7 points in the TAU group. The indirect path from condition to seizure severity through depression was significant, however, demonstrating that change in depression mediated the effect of Project UPLIFT on seizure severity. Conclusions: This study found that participating in Project UPLIFT directly reduced the number of seizures experienced by participants with epilepsy. This was not mediated by the change in depression. Participation in Project UPLIFT also reduced their perceived seizure severity indirectly, through reducing their depressive symptoms. This suggests Project UPLIFT may have the potential to impact the health, healthcare costs, and well-being of people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Epilepsy in systemic lupus erythematosus: prevalence and risk factors$$$ Background and purpose: The aim was to study the prevalence of epilepsy in a hospital-based systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) cohort and to investigate the relationship between epilepsy and other manifestations of neuropsychiatric SLE (NPSLE). Methods: The study population consisted of 440 SLE patients recruited from 1998 to 2012. An epilepsy-screening questionnaire was sent to all patients, where those screening positive were invited to a neurological examination with documentation of NPSLE symptoms according to the American College of Rheumatology nomenclature. Occurrences of autoantibodies (double stranded DNAantibody, antinuclear antibody, lupus anticoagulant, Sjögren's syndrome A, Sjögren's syndrome B) and the antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) were tabulated. Results: Out of 440 patients, 14% were dead and 2.7% were lost to follow-up. The questionnaire was sent to 368 patients; 312 (85%) responded. Of these, 131 (42%) screened positive. Epilepsy was confirmed in 36 (11.5%), of whom 30 (83%) had focal onset. Ten (3.2%) patients had isolated or provoked seizures. Manifestations of NPSLE occurred in 50%. The rates of cerebrovascular disease and psychosis were elevated two- and three-fold in NPSLE patients with epilepsy versus NPSLE patients without epilepsy, respectively (P = 0.001 and P = 0.0006). APS was more common in patients with epilepsy compared to epilepsy-free SLE patients with or without NPSLE (P = 0.02). In 50% of patients with epilepsy, no other etiology than SLE was detected. Conclusions: A high prevalence of epilepsy in SLE patients is reported, with association to concurrent cerebrovascular disease, APS and psychosis. Our findings support the notion of a multifactorial background for epilepsy in SLE including both vascular disease and features consistent with autoimmunity. ER  - 
Mindfulness-based therapy for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background: Mindfulness-based therapies (MBTs) are effective in many neuropsychiatric disorders, and represent a potential therapeutic strategy for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the clinical effect of a manualized 12-session MBT for PNES in an uncontrolled trial. We hypothesized reductions in PNES frequency, intensity, and duration, and improvements in quality of life and psychiatric symptom severity at treatment completion. Methods: Between August 2014 and February 2018, 49 patients with documented PNES (with video electroencephalography [EEG]) were recruited at Brigham and Women's Hospital to participate in the MBT for PNES treatment study. Baseline demographic and clinical information and self-rating scales were obtained during the diagnostic evaluation (T0). Baseline PNES frequency, intensity, and duration were collected at the first follow-up postdiagnosis (T1). Frequency was obtained at each subsequent MBT session and analyzed over time with median regression analysis. Outcomes for other measures were collected at the last MBT session (T3), and compared to baseline measures using linear mixed models. Results: Twenty-six patients completed the 12-session MBT program and were included in the analysis. Median PNES frequency decreased by 0.12 events/week on average with each successive MBT session (p = 0.002). At session 12, 70% of participants endorsed a reduction in PNES frequency of at least 50%. Freedom from PNES was reported by 50% of participants by treatment conclusion. Seventy percent reported a 50% reduction in frequency from baseline and 50% reported remission at session 12. By treatment end, PNES intensity decreased (p = 0.012) and quality of life improved (p = 0.002). Event duration and psychiatric symptom severity were lower after treatment, but reductions were not statistically significant. Conclusions: Completion of a manualized 12-session MBT for PNES provides improvement in PNES frequency, intensity, and quality of life. The high dropout rate is consistent with adherence studies in PNES. Possible reasons for dropout are discussed. Randomized controlled trials and longer-term outcomes are needed to demonstrate the efficacy of MBT in PNES. ER  - 
First add-on perampanel for focal-onset seizures: An open-label, prospective study$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to determine the efficacy and safety of perampanel added to monotherapy in patients with focal-onset seizures, with or without secondarily generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Materials & Methods: In this multicentre, open-label trial, enrolled patients were treated with perampanel monotherapy. During a 12-week titration period, perampanel was incrementally increased by 2 mg/d over ≥2-week intervals. Patients then entered a 24-week maintenance period. The primary objective was to investigate the 50% responder rate in total seizure frequency, with 75% and 100% responder rates as secondary objectives. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and adverse drug reactions were recorded. A post hoc analysis was performed to investigate the effect of titration speed and different concomitant AEDs on the efficacy and safety of perampanel. Results: Of the 85 patients analysed, seizure reductions of 50%, 75% and 100% were observed in 80.0% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 69.9-87.9), 71.8% (95% CI: 61.0-81.0) and 47.1% (95% CI: 36.1-58.2) during the maintenance period, respectively. The 50%, 75% and 100% response rates in patients with secondarily generalized tonic-clonic seizures were 87.5% (95% CI: 61.7-98.5), 87.5% (95% CI: 61.7-98.5) and 75.0% (95% CI: 47.6-92.7), respectively. The most common TEAEs were dizziness (50.0%), somnolence (9.8%) and headache (8.8%). The efficacy outcomes and safety profile of perampanel were more favourable with slow titration and relatively consistent when stratified by concomitant AEDs. Conclusions: Perampanel was effective and well tolerated as a first add-on to monotherapy in patients with focal-onset seizures, with or without secondarily generalized seizures. ER  - 
The Prevalence and Factors Associated with Antiepileptic Drug Use in US Nursing Home Residents$$$ Background: Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are commonly used by nursing home residents, both on- and off-label. The landscape of AED use has changed over the past two decades; however, despite this, contemporaneous research on AED use in US nursing home residents is scant. Objective: The aim of this study was to estimate the prevalence of AED use, describe prescribing patterns, identify factors associated with AED use, and assess whether these factors differ among AEDs with expanded indications in older adults (i.e. gabapentin, pregabalin, topiramate, and lamotrigine). Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study among 549,240 long-stay older residents who enrolled in fee-for-service Medicare and lived in 15,111 US nursing homes on 1 September 2016. Demographics and conditions associated with AED indications, epilepsy comorbidities, and safety data came from the Minimum Data Set Version 3.0 (MDS 3.0). Medicare Part D claims were used to identify AED use. Robust Poisson models and multinomial logistic models for clustered data estimated adjusted prevalence ratios (aPR), adjusted odds ratios (aOR), and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: Overall, 24.0% used AEDs (gabapentin [13.3%], levetiracetam [4.7%], phenytoin [1.9%], pregabalin [1.8%], and lamotrigine [1.2%]). AED use was associated with epilepsy (aPR 3.73, 95% CI 3.69–3.77), bipolar disorder (aPR 1.20, 95% CI 1.18–1.22), pain (aPRmoderate/severe vs. no pain 1.42, 95% CI 1.40–1.44), diabetes (aPR 1.27, 95% CI 1.26–1.28), anxiety (aPR 1.12, 95% CI 1.11–1.13), depression (aPR 1.17, 95% CI 1.15–1.18), or stroke (aPR 1.08, 95% CI 1.06–1.09). Residents with advancing age (aPR85+ vs. 65–74 years 0.73, 95% CI 0.73–0.74), Alzheimer’s disease/dementia (aPR 0.87, 95% CI 0.86–0.88), or cognitive impairment (aPRsevere vs. no impairment 0.62, 95% CI 0.61–0.63) had decreased AED use. Gabapentinoid use was highly associated with pain (aORmoderate/severe vs. no pain 2.07, 95% CI 2.01–2.12) and diabetes (aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.76–1.82), but not with an epilepsy indication. Conclusions: AED use was common in nursing homes, with gabapentin most commonly used (presumably for pain). That multiple comorbidities were associated with AED use underscores the need for future studies to investigate the safety and effectiveness of AED use in nursing home residents. ER  - 
Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial of Intravenous Immunoglobulin in Autoimmune LGI1/CASPR2 Epilepsy$$$ Objective: Drug-resistant seizures are common in patients with leucine-rich, glioma-inactivated 1 (LGI1)-IgG associated and contactin-associated protein-like 2 (CASPR2)-IgG associated encephalitis. We performed the first randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial to evaluate efficacy of intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) in reducing seizure frequency. Methods: Our enrollment goal was 30 LGI1/CASPR2-IgG–seropositive adult patients with ≥2 seizures per week. Patients were randomized to receive IVIG (0.5g/kg day 1, 1g/kg day 2, 0.6g/kg weeks 3 and 5) or volume-matched intravenous normal saline. Following the blinded phase, the nonresponders in the placebo group received IVIG. The primary clinical outcome was 50% reduction in seizure frequency from baseline to 5 weeks. Results: After enrollment of 17 patients (LGI1-IgG, 14; CASPR2-IgG, 3) over 34 months, the study was terminated due to slow enrollment. Six of 8 patients in the IVIG group were responders, compared to 2 of 9 in the placebo group (p = 0.044, odds ratio = 10.5, 95% confidence interval = 1.1–98.9). For the LGI1-IgG seropositive subgroup, 6 of 8 patients in the IVIG group were responders, compared to zero of 6 in the placebo group. Two LGI1-IgG–seropositive patients receiving IVIG, but none receiving placebo, were seizure-free at the end of the blinded phase. Four of the 6 patients entering the open-label IVIG arm reported ≥50% reduction in seizure frequency. There were no correlations with LGI1/CASPR2-IgG1–4 subclasses. Interpretation: Superiority of IVIG to placebo reached statistical significance for the primary endpoint for all patients and the subset with LGI1-IgG. These results have to be interpreted with the caveat that the study did not reach its originally selected sample size. ANN NEUROL 2020;87:313–323. ER  - 
Antenatal maternal antidepressants drugs treatment affects S100B levels in maternal-fetal biological fluids in a dose dependent manner$$$ Background: The increased use of antidepressant treatment during pregnancy occurred without firm evidence on safety/efficacy. The present study investigated the correlation among S100B and paroxetine blood levels with the occurrence of short-term post-natal neurological abnormalities. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study in 50 pregnant women using paroxetine because of depression and in 150 controls. Standard laboratory parameters and S100B were measured at seven monitoring time-points (maternal blood: T1, 16–20 wks; T2, 27–30 wks; T3, 35–40 wks; T4, at delivery; amniotic fluid, T5; venous and arterial cord blood, T6-T7). Paroxetine levels were measured at T1-T6. Neurological outcome was set at 7th day from birth. Results: Higher S100B concentrations at T1-T7 were found in the paroxetine-treated group. S100B correlated with paroxetine blood levels. The paroxetine/S100B ratio cut-off of 1.31 at T2 achieved sensitivity 100%, specificity 96.5% and positive/negative predictive values 87.5–100, respectively, as a single marker to predict adverse neonatal neurological outcome. Conclusions: The present study offers additional support to the usefulness of longitudinal S100B and drug level monitoring in depressed pregnant women and in the early detection of cases at risk for short-term neurological abnormalities. Results open the way at further investigations correlating antidepressant drugs and neurobiomarkers in the maternal bloodstream. ER  - 
Psychometric properties of the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale in an inpatient video-monitoring epilepsy cohort$$$ Background: People with epilepsy (PWE) have high rates of comorbid anxiety disorders and depressive disorders, from 25% in general population cohorts to rates of 55% in people with treatment resistant epilepsy. High rates are also seen in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Depressive disorders and anxiety disorders in PWE are associated with decreased quality of life measures and are the strongest risk factors for increased suicidality, rates of which are markedly elevated in PWE, at 12%, compared to the general Australian population (1.8%). The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) is one of the more commonly used screening tools in medical populations. Past studies of the HADS in general outpatient populations with epilepsy have demonstrated promising validity for detecting depression. Objectives: The following were the objectives of the study: 1. To examine the validity of HADS in detecting depressive disorders and anxiety disorders in an inpatient population of patients admitted for video monitoring. 2. To investigate the measurement structure of the HADS across the diagnosis groups of epilepsy subtypes and PNES. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study of 485 patients admitted to a tertiary epilepsy video electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring unit. All patients received clinical neurological, neuropsychiatric, and neuroimaging assessments to arrive at consensus epilepsy and psychiatric diagnoses. Clinical psychiatric diagnosis of depressive disorders and anxiety disorders, based on the assessment of a neuropsychiatrist, were compared to accepted HADS cutoff scores for these conditions. Findings: Of the 485 patients, 229 patients were with epilepsy, 28 had both epilepsy and PNES, and 121 had PNES. In 107 cases, no definite diagnosis could be made. At a cutoff score of 7 HADS was able to significantly classify patients with depression (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.79, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.72–0.82) with a sensitivity of 70% and a specificity of 83%. A similar result was observed for anxiety disorders; a cutoff score of 7 (AUC = 0.75, 95% CI = 0.72–0.81) was able to significantly classify anxiety disorders in patients with a sensitivity of 88% and specificity of 54%. Conclusions: This study has found that HADS measures two separate, yet correlated, constructs of anxiety disorders and depressive disorders. Our results indicate that while the HADS is sensitive to distress in this population, relatively low cutoff scores would be required to achieve highly sensitive screening. This sample includes patients with a diagnosis of epilepsy and/or PNES, and thus, the findings have clinical applicability to screening in tertiary epilepsy video-EEG monitoring units where both these conditions frequently co-occur. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: The sex ratio trajectory across the lifespan$$$ Purpose: We investigated the sex ratio trajectory across the lifespan in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). We hypothesized that there are significant changes in the trajectory of the sex ratio in these patients across the lifespan with respect to the age at onset. Methods: In this retrospective study, all patients with PNES, who were diagnosed at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center, Iran, from 2008 until 2019, were investigated. We arbitrarily categorized the patients into five groups according to the age at onset of their PNES [pre-puberty (≤ 14 years), adolescence (15 years to < 19 years), young adulthood (19–25 years), adulthood (26–45 years), and post-menopausal (≥ 46 years)]. Results: During the study period, 275 patients with PNES-only had the inclusion criteria. The sex ratios (female to male) of the studied groups according to the age at onset of PNES were as follows: pre-puberty (13:14 = 0.93), adolescence (32:21 = 1.52), young adulthood (54:33 = 1.64), adulthood (71:26 = 2.73), and post-menopausal (7:4 = 1.75). In two-by-two comparison of the group with the lowest sex ratio (pre-puberty) and the group with the highest sex ratio (adulthood) the difference was significant (p = 0.01). Conclusion: We postulate that the higher prevalence of PNES in women may be partly associated with lifetime sex hormone fluctuations; this female preponderance appears during puberty and decreases after menopause. However, most likely this is only one of many potential reasons behind this sex difference; therefore, this is an interesting avenue for future studies. ER  - 
Reduced left amygdala volume in patients with dissociative seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures)$$$ Purpose: This study specifically investigated differences of amygdalar and hippocampal volumes between patients with dissociative seizures (DS), mesial temporal lobe sclerosis (MTS), and normal controls (NC). Methods: Between 2003 and 2018, 127 patients diagnosed with DS and 278 with MTS were recruited. An additional 52 NC subjects were recruited between 2015 and 2018. We retrospectively selected 29 patients with DS (male:female, 6:23) with absence of structural confounding factors and obtained sex- and age-matched MTS and NC. We used Neuroreader to assess the volume of the amygdala and hippocampus as a percentage of total intracranial volume based on thin-slice (0.9–1.2 mm) T1-weighted images. Statistical analyses controlled for psychiatric comorbidity and logistic regression were used to evaluate efficacy of these values for individual-level diagnosis. Results: The left amygdala and right hippocampus were significantly smaller in DS compared to NC (both p = 0.04), which was not explained by differences in psychiatric comorbidity. When controlling for ipsilateral hippocampal or amygdala volume, which was seen equally in all groups (Spearman, p < 0.02), these differences were no longer significant (amygdala, p = 0.16, hippocampus, p = 0.18), suggesting that amygdalar and hippocampal atrophy may reflect network or regional changes rather than focal abnormalities. The three-way accuracy for differentiating DS, MTS, and NC using these data was 64 % (95 % confidence interval: 54–74 %). Conclusion: Volumetric analysis demonstrates smaller left amygdalar and right hippocampal volumes in patients with DS compared to NC, which may mirror abnormalities in functional networks seen in conversion disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder. ER  - 
Internalizing symptoms in intractable pediatric epilepsy: Structural and functional brain correlates$$$ Internalizing disorders (i.e., depression and anxiety) are common comorbidities in people with epilepsy. In adults with epilepsy, comorbid depression or anxiety is associated with worse seizure control and reduced quality of life, and may be linked to specific neural biomarkers. Less is known about brain correlates of internalizing symptoms in pediatric populations. In the current study, we performed a retrospective analysis of 45 youth between the ages of 6 and 18 years old with intractable epilepsy. Individuals were evaluated for internalizing symptoms on the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL) and underwent magnetic resonance (MR) and fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG)-positron emission tomography (PET) imaging as part of the clinical evaluation for surgical treatment of epilepsy. Forty-two percent of patients experienced clinically significant internalizing symptoms based on parent report. Compared with individuals who scored in the normal range, youth with clinical levels of internalizing problems showed overall reductions in cortex volume, as well as widespread reductions in cortical thickness and functional activation in the bilateral occipital/parietal lobe, left temporal regions, and left inferior frontal cortex on MR and PET scans. There were no group differences in amygdala or hippocampus volumes, nor other patient- or illness-related variables such as age, sex, or the type, lateralization, or duration of epilepsy. Results suggest that high rates of internalizing disorders are present in youth with refractory epilepsy. Multifocal reductions in cortical thickness and function may be nonspecific risk factors for clinically meaningful internalizing symptoms in youth with chronic epilepsy. As such, the presence of broad cortical thinning and reduced glucose uptake upon radiological examination may warrant more focused clinical evaluation of psychological symptoms. ER  - 
Symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder in patients with functional neurological symptom disorder$$$ Objective: To describe prevalence and relevance of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) symptoms in Functional Neurological Symptom Disorder (FNSD) and explore differences in PTSD symptom scores between subgroups with Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizures (PNES) or other FNSD. Methods: This cross-sectional study evaluated data from 430 consecutive patients referred to a specialist psychotherapy service (69.3% female, 56% with PNES/44% with other FNSD). We analysed self-reported symptoms of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD Civilian Checklist, PCL[sbnd]C), depression (PHQ-9), anxiety (GAD-7), physical symptoms (PHQ-15), social functioning (WSAS), and health related quality of life (SF-36). Relationships between PTSD scores, diagnosis and other measures were examined. Independent associations of PTSD scores were identified using multilinear regression. Results: Symptom scores likely to indicate clinical PTSD were reported by 60.7% of patients with no difference between PNES and FNSD subgroups. Those potentially symptomatic of PTSD were less likely to be living with a partner OR 2.95 (95% CI 1.83–4.04), or to be in employment OR 2.23 (95% CI 1.46–3.41) than less symptomatic patients. There were higher levels of anxiety (r = 0.62), depression (r = 0.63) and somatic symptoms (r = 0.45) and lower quality of life scores (r = 0.48) in patients with high PTSD symptom scores (p <.0001 for all comparisons). Anxiety, depression and somatic symptoms made independent contributions to the variance of PTSD symptoms. Conclusion: There is a high prevalence of PTSD symptoms in patient with FNSD regardless of whether they have PNES. Trauma and PTSD symptoms are negatively correlated with quality of life. Self-report instruments for anxiety, depression and somatic symptoms may predict the presence of PTSD. ER  - 
82. Retrospective Review of Pharmacogenomic Testing at a Children's Hospital$$$ Purpose: Pharmacogenomic (PGx) testing offers the potential to improve the efficacy and safety of medical care by tailoring medication selection and dosing to individual patients. However, most research in this area and clinical guidance has been focused on adult populations. This study will describe our experience with pharmacogenomic testing at an academic children’s medical center and identify potential targets for future pharmacogenomic research in pediatric age populations. Methods: In this retrospective chart review, we identified all actionable drug-gene-pairs associated with the 20 genes included in the commercial testing panel used by our institution. We reviewed the available guidance on the Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium (CPIC) and Pharmacogenomics Knowledgebase (PharmGKB) websites to identify actionable alleles for each gene. Actionable drug-gene pairs were defined as any of the following: CPIC level A or B guidance, PharmGKB level 1A or 1B guidance, or drug-gene pairs with a Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved drug label of “actionable pgx”, “genetic testing recommended”, or “genetic testing required” and a PharmGKB PGx level. For each actionable drug-gene pair, we identified all FDA approved and off-label indications for the drug in the medication information database Lexicomp. We also queried the Cerner database containing inpatient and outpatient medical records from our medical system from April 2018 to March 2019 to identify the number of unique patients prescribed medications involved in potentially actionable gene-drug pairs and the frequency of related diagnoses. Results: Pharmacogenomic test results were available for 454 patients. The average age of these patients was 11.9+/-4.3 years, and 51.8% were male. We identified the presence of potentially actionable test results in 449/454 (98.9%) of these patients. The most common actionable gene-drug pairs were: IFNL4-peginterferon alfa-2b (58.9% of patients had actionable alleles); VKORC1-warfarin (58.8%); CYP4F2-warfarin (44.0%); CYP2C19-clopidogrel and CYP2C19-dexlansoprazole (both 32.8%); SLC6A4-citalopram and escitalopram (32.5%); and CYP2C19-citalopram and escitalopram, CYP2C19-tricyclic antidepressants, CYP2C19-pantoprazole, and CYP2C19-voriconazole (all 31.7%). In our review of medical records from 155,121 patients, aged 0 to 35, who received care in our medical system, 53.0% of patients who had presented for at least one admission in the previous year and 18.9% of patients presenting in the outpatient clinics received a prescription for a medication that is part of a potentially actionable drug-gene pair. The most common potentially actionable medications identified were ondansetron 11.9%, Opioids 6.7%, Proton Pump Inhibitors 3.9%, diazepam, 1.9%, Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors 1.5%, and Antiepileptics 1.0%. The highest prevalence of patients who could benefit from pharmacogenomic testing were found in the following diagnostic clusters: Mood Disorders 7.0% of all patients, Headache Disorders 5.1%, Epilepsy 4.2%, Congenital Heart Disease 3.3%, Esophagitis/Gastritis/Ulcer Disease 3.0%, Sleep Disorders 2.3%, and Autism Spectrum Disorder 2.0%. Conclusions: Actionable gene-drug pairs are a frequent occurrence among children evaluated at a children’s hospital. Mood Disorders and Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease would be good targets for future investigations given the high prevalence of these disorders among children seen, the common use medications involved in actionable gene-drug pairs, and the high frequency of actionable alleles among patients tested at our institution. Sources of Support: None ER  - 
Levels of diagnostic certainty for nonepileptic attack disorder in the neuropsychiatry setting$$$ Nonepileptic attack disorder (NEAD) is a medical condition commonly seen in neuropsychiatry services, often as a differential diagnosis of other neuropsychiatric conditions. Recommendations by the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Nonepileptic Seizures Task Force propose a four-level hierarchical approach to the diagnosis of NEAD, based on history, witnessed event, and electroencephalographic (EEG) investigation. We set out to provide the first description of the diagnostic levels of patients with NEAD at a specialist neuropsychiatry clinic. Comprehensive clinical data from 148 consecutive patients with NEAD attending the specialist Neuropsychiatry Clinic run by a single Consultant in Behavioral Neurology were retrospectively reviewed. Patients with NEAD were primarily referred to neuropsychiatry by Consultant Neurologists (n = 94; 63.5%). The majority of patients were female (n = 108; 73.0%), with a disease duration of 7.9 years (standard deviation: 10.4). Anxiety was the most common comorbidity (n = 43; 26.7%). Categorization of patients according to the ILAE Nonepileptic Seizures Task Force criteria was mainly based on clinical features and EEG findings, as only 7 (4.7%) patients had attacks witnessed by a specialist. The largest diagnostic categories were ‘possible’ (n = 54; 36.5%) and ‘clinically established’ (n = 40; 27.0%), followed by ‘documented’ (n = 12; 8.1%) and ‘probable’ (n = 5; 3.4%). In 125 patients (84.4%), EEGs were performed. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors were the most frequently prescribed psychotropic medications (n = 48; 32.4%); 89 patients (60.1%) received behavioral therapy. There were no differences in pharmacological or behavioral management strategies across the patients categorized under different diagnostic levels. Patients with NEAD seen within neuropsychiatry settings are mainly assigned ‘possible’ and ‘clinically established’ levels of diagnostic certainty. Difficulty in capturing typical clinical events witnessed by an experienced clinician while on video-EEG can limit the clinical application of the ‘documented’ diagnostic level. If appropriate, active interventions can be implemented irrespective of diagnostic levels to minimize delays in the neuropsychiatric care pathways. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of adjunctive brivaracetam in epilepsy: In-depth pooled analysis$$$ Objective: The objective of this analysis was to provide a comprehensive analysis of safety data for adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV), an antiepileptic drug (AED) of the racetam class, for treatment of focal seizures in patients with epilepsy. Methods: Data were pooled from two phase II, placebo-controlled, double-blind, dose-ranging trials (N01114 [ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00175929], N01193 [NCT00175825]) and three phase III, placebo-controlled, double-blind, 12-week trials (N01252 [NCT00490035], N01253 [NCT00464269], and N01358 [NCT01261325]) in patients aged ≥ 16 years with focal seizures, as well as a phase III, placebo-controlled, double-blind, 16-week trial in patients aged ≥ 16 years with focal or generalized epilepsy (N01254 [NCT00504881]). Data are presented for the approved therapeutic dose range of 50–200 mg/day. Data for BRV administered intravenously (25–150 mg doses) were pooled separately from one phase III trial (N01258 NCT01405508]) and two clinical pharmacology trials (N01256 [Part B] [UCB Pharma, data on file]; EP0007 [NCT01796899]). Adverse events (AEs) of interest were summarized in relevant categories. Results: The safety pool comprised 1957 patients: 1271 receiving adjunctive BRV and 686 receiving placebo. Overall, the incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) was 66.9% with BRV versus 62.8% with placebo. The most frequently reported TEAEs with BRV (≥ 5% of patients) versus placebo were somnolence (13.3% vs. 7.9%), headache (10.5% vs. 11.5%), dizziness (10.0% vs. 7.0%), and fatigue (8.2% vs. 4.2%). Incidence of psychiatric disorder-related TEAEs was 11.3% with BRV versus 8.2% with placebo. Behavioral disorder-related TEAE incidence was low (4.0% with BRV vs. 2.5% with placebo). Irritability was reported in 2.7% of BRV-treated patients vs. 1.5% of patients receiving placebo; anger, aggression, and agitation were each reported by ≤ 1% of patients receiving BRV. Treatment-emergent adverse events potentially associated with psychosis were psychotic disorder (three patients on BRV vs. two patients on placebo), auditory hallucination, illusion, visual hallucination (one patient each on BRV), epileptic psychosis, and hallucination (one patient each on placebo). No additional safety concerns were identified in patients with intravenous (IV) BRV administration (n = 104). Conclusions: These safety data for adjunctive BRV support its acceptable safety and tolerability profile. ER  - 
Risk of self-harm after the diagnosis of psychiatric disorders in Hong Kong, 2000–10: a nested case-control study$$$ Background: Psychiatric disorders are established risk factors for self-harm. However, variation in the risk of self-harm by specific psychiatric disorder and stratified by gender and age is rarely examined in population-representative samples. This study aimed to investigate the risk of self-harm following diagnosis of different psychiatric disorders in an Asian population, through a review of inpatient records retrieved from the Hong Kong Clinical Data Analysis and Reporting System (CDARS). Methods: For this nested case-control study, the inpatient data of people admitted for any reason to Hong Kong public hospitals, between Jan 1, 2000, and Dec 31, 2010, were extracted from CDARS. Cases were people aged 10 years or older who had been admitted to inpatient care with a first-listed record of psychiatric disorder during the study period. The seven psychiatric disorders of interest were: depression, alcohol misuse or dependence, personality disorders, bipolar disorders, anxiety disorders, schizophrenia, and substance misuse or dependence. Two control patients were matched per case from a subsample of all individuals with the same gender, age, and admission time (ie, same calendar year and month), who did not have any record of the psychiatric disorders of interest. Any patients with a history of self-harm diagnosis before, or at the same time as, the first diagnosis of psychiatric disorder (cases) or admission (controls), were excluded. For each diagnostic category, a Cox proportional hazard regression model was fitted to estimate the adjusted hazard ratio (HR; plus 95% CIs) of associated self-harm, adjusting for gender, age, control-matched admission time, 20 districts of residence, physical comorbidities established as risk factors for self-harm (diabetes, asthma, migraine, epilepsy, HIV, and cancer), and presence of the six other psychiatric disorders. We repeated this analysis in subgroups stratified by gender (male and female) and by age (adolescent, 10–24 years; young adult, 25–44 years; middle-aged, 45–64 years; and older people, ≥65 years). Findings: Between 2000 and 2010, we followed up a cohort of 86 353 people with a first-recorded diagnosis of a psychiatric disorder of interest, and 134 857 matched controls. The highest risk of self-harm was observed in patients with substance misuse or dependence (adjusted HR vs matched controls, 9·6 [95% CI 8·4–11·0]), followed by those with personality disorders (3·7 [2·8–4·9]) and alcohol misuse or dependence (3·2 [2·9–3·7]). When stratified by gender and age, the highest risk of self-harm behaviour was found in the substance misuse or dependence group for both genders (for female patients: adjusted HR vs matched controls, 7·7 [6·0–9·8]; and for male patients, 10·5 [8·9–12·4]), and for all age groups (adolescent: 9·6 [7·2–12·7]; young adults: 10·2 [8·4–12·3]; middle-aged: 11·2 [8·0–15·6], and older people: 3·2 [1·7–6·1]). Interpretation: First-recorded diagnoses of psychiatric disorders were significantly associated with an elevated risk of subsequent self-harm. The associations varied considerably by diagnostic categories across gender and age subgroups. Our findings highlight the need to develop more efficient and targeted preventive measures in psychiatric care management, with specific attention to demographic characteristics linked to increased risk within the same diagnostic category. Funding: None. ER  - 
Stroke-mimics in stroke-units. Evaluation after changes imposed by randomized trials$$$ A larger therapeutic window for stroke treatment requires a significant change in the organization of emergency services, avoiding the increase in number of imaging exams and indirectly the time to treatment. Objective: To highlight the relation between faster clinical evaluation and stroke over-suspicion and consequently excessive imaging acquisition. To identify predictors of ischemic stroke and stroke mimics (SM), aiming for better patient selection for comprehensive neuroimaging and reperfusion therapies. Methods: Retrospective, cohort, observational, single-center study that reviewed all consecutive files of patients presenting with acute neurological symptoms who underwent CT scan or MRI from July 1, 2016 to July 1, 2017. Results: 736 patient files were reviewed. 385 patients (52.3%) presented with confirmed acute ischemic infarct, 93 (12.6%) had another brain lesion mimicking acute ischemia, and 258 (35.1%) had normal imaging. Acute stroke was more frequent in elderly patients with atrial fibrillation, arterial hypertension, or dysarthria or right motor impairment. Stroke mimic was associated with female patients with low vascular risk factors, low NIHSS, and patients with decreased level of consciousness or symptoms suggestive of posterior circulation. Discussion: 47.7% of all patients seen at the stroke unit did not have acute stroke lesions. Clinical assessment data have been used to provide indicators of acute stroke and stroke mimic patients, and symptoms corresponding to acute stroke and stroke mimic seem to be similar in the literature. Conclusion: Considering that the number of patients admitted for stroke treatment will increase even further with a larger therapeutic window for mechanical thrombectomy and for thrombolysis, a diagnostic decision-making algorithm for stroke patients is required in order to reinforce the suspicion of stroke indicating an urgent MRI. ER  - 
Comorbidities in children with elevated periodic limb movement index during sleep$$$ Study Objectives: Little is known about comorbidities in children who have elevated periodic limb movement index (PLMI) during overnight polysomnogram (PSG). The aim of this study is to identify comorbidities in children with elevated PLMI (PLMI > 5) versus children with PLMI < 5 presenting to a pediatric sleep center. Methods: This study was a retrospective review of all clinically indicated PSGs obtained consecutively from 3/2017-3/2019 at Seattle Children’s Sleep Disorders Center. Data collected included demographics, clinical presentation, medications, medical history, family history specifically for restless legs syndrome (RLS), ferritin levels, and PSG metrics. Characteristics between those with (cases) elevated PLMI (AASM criteria) and without (controls) were summarized. Results: We identified 148 subjects with elevated PLMI (67% male, mean age 7.95 years, range 1–20), yielding a PLMI > 5 prevalence of 5%. There were 188 controls included (58% male, mean age 8.0 years, range 1–19). Neither sex (chi-square = 2.8, NS) nor age (Mann–Whitney U = 1339.5, NS) differed between groups. Case subjects had a higher prevalence of RLS, snoring, insomnia, mood disorders, behavioral problems, morning headaches, chronic kidney disease, epilepsy, and chronic heart disease. Similarly, the use of antidepressants, antipsychotics, antiseizure medication, and other medications was statistically more frequent in children with elevated PLMS. The prevalence of PLMI > 5 was 5% and the prevalence of periodic limb movement disorder (PLMD) was 0.3% in children referred to polysomnography. Ferritin levels did not differ. Conclusions: We identified the prevalence of PLMD in a sleep medicine–referred population. We have also identified comorbidities and medications associated with elevated PLMI in children. ER  - 
Lumboperitoneal and Ventriculoperitoneal Shunting for Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension Demonstrate Comparable Failure and Complication Rates$$$ BACKGROUND: Idiopathic intracranial hypertension results in increased intracranial pressure leading to headache and visual loss. This disease frequently requires surgical intervention through lumboperitoneal (LP) or ventriculoperitoneal (VP) shunting. OBJECTIVE: To compare postoperative outcomes between LP and VP shunts, including failure and complication rates. METHODS: A retrospective analysis was conducted using a national administrative database (MarketScan) to identify idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) patients who underwent LP or VP shunting from 2007 to 2014. Multivariate logistic and Cox regressions were performed to compare rates of shunt failure and time to shunt failure between LP and VP shunts while controlling for demographics and comorbidities. RESULTS: The analytic cohort included 1082 IIH patients, 347 of whom underwent LP shunt placement at index hospitalization and 735 of whom underwent VP shunt placement. Rates of shunt failure were similar among patients with LP and VP shunt (34.6% vs 31.7%; P =. 382). Among patients who experienced shunt failure, the mean number of shunt failures was 2.1 ± 1.6 and was similar between LP and VP cohorts. Ninety-day readmission rates, complication rates, and costs did not differ significantly between LP and VP shunts. Patients who experienced more than two shunt failures tended to have an earlier time to first shunt failure (hazard ratio 1.41; 95% confidence interval 1.08-1.85; P =. 013). CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that LP and VP shunts may have comparable rates of shunt failure and complication. Regardless of shunt type, earlier time to first shunt failure may be associated with multiple shunt failures. ER  - 
One single large intramuscular dose of naloxone is effective and safe in suspected heroin poisoning$$$ Objective: Naloxone is an established antidote for the treatment of heroin poisoning; however, dosing regimens vary widely, with a current trend towards small titrated intravenous dosing. This study aims to characterise naloxone use in the treatment of patients presenting with suspected heroin poisoning. Methods: This was a retrospective review of poisoned patients presenting to a clinical toxicology unit in Brisbane from January 2015 to December 2017. Patient demographics, clinical effects, naloxone dosing, observation periods and complications were extracted from the patient's medical records. Results: There were 117 presentations accounted for by 108 patients. Prehospital naloxone was provided to 57 (49%) patients, 46 of which received a standardised 1.6 mg i.m. dose. The remaining 60 (51%) patients received their first naloxone in hospital, with 58 (97%) receiving this by titrated i.v. doses. A subsequent naloxone infusion was required significantly more often in those treated with i.v. titrated naloxone compared to i.m. dose (27/69 [39%] vs 5/48 [10%], P = 0.0006). The need for parenteral sedation to manage acute behavioural disturbance following naloxone provision was rare (3/117 [3%]). Conclusions: In this retrospective observational study, a single large i.m. dose of naloxone reversed the toxicity of suspected heroin overdose in the majority of patients. In addition, patients were less likely to require repeated intermittent doses or naloxone infusion than those treated solely with i.v. naloxone. Further comparison in a prospective study is warranted to validate these observations in confirmed heroin overdose. Requirement for sedation secondary to acute behavioural disturbance was rare regardless of the route. ER  - 
Associations between macrolide antibiotics prescribing during pregnancy and adverse child outcomes in the UK: Population based cohort study$$$ Objective To assess the association between macrolide antibiotics prescribing during pregnancy and major malformations, cerebral palsy, epilepsy, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and autism spectrum disorder in children. Design Population based cohort study. Setting The UK Clinical Practice Research Datalink. Participants The study cohort included 104 605 children born from 1990 to 2016 whose mothers were prescribed one macrolide monotherapy (erythromycin, clarithromycin, or azithromycin) or one penicillin monotherapy from the fourth gestational week to delivery. Two negative control cohorts consisted of 82 314 children whose mothers were prescribed macrolides or penicillins before conception, and 53 735 children who were siblings of the children in the study cohort. Main outcome measures Risks of any major malformations and system specific major malformations (nervous, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, genital, and urinary) after macrolide or penicillin prescribing during the first trimester (four to 13 gestational weeks), second to third trimester (14 gestational weeks to birth), or any trimester of pregnancy. Additionally, risks of cerebral palsy, epilepsy, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and autism spectrum disorder. Results Major malformations were recorded in 186 of 8632 children (21.55 per 1000) whose mothers were prescribed macrolides and 1666 of 95 973 children (17.36 per 1000) whose mothers were prescribed penicillins during pregnancy. Macrolide prescribing during the first trimester was associated with an increased risk of any major malformation compared with penicillin (27.65 v 17.65 per 1000, adjusted risk ratio 1.55, 95% confidence interval 1.19 to 2.03) and specifically cardiovascular malformations (10.60 v 6.61 per 1000, 1.62, 1.05 to 2.51). Macrolide prescribing in any trimester was associated with an increased risk of genital malformations (4.75 v 3.07 per 1000, 1.58, 1.14 to 2.19, mainly hypospadias). Erythromycin in the first trimester was associated with an increased risk of any major malformation (27.39 v 17.65 per 1000, 1.50, 1.13 to 1.99). No statistically significant associations were found for other system specific malformations or for neurodevelopmental disorders. Findings were robust to sensitivity analyses. Conclusions Prescribing macrolide antibiotics during the first trimester of pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of any major malformation and specifically cardiovascular malformations compared with penicillin antibiotics. Macrolide prescribing in any trimester was associated with an increased risk of genital malformations. These findings show that macrolides should be used with caution during pregnancy and if feasible alternative antibiotics should be prescribed until further research is available. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03948620 ER  - 
Lumboperitoneal and Ventriculoperitoneal Shunting for Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension Demonstrate Comparable Failure and Complication Rates$$$ Idiopathic intracranial hypertension results in increased intracranial pressure leading to headache and visual loss. This disease frequently requires surgical intervention through lumboperitoneal (LP) or ventriculoperitoneal (VP) shunting. OBJECTIVE: To compare postoperative outcomes between LP and VP shunts, including failure and complication rates. METHODS: A retrospective analysis was conducted using a national administrative database (MarketScan) to identify idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) patients who underwent LP or VP shunting from 2007 to 2014. Multivariate logistic and Cox regressions were performed to compare rates of shunt failure and time to shunt failure between LP and VP shunts while controlling for demographics and comorbidities. RESULTS: The analytic cohort included 1082 IIH patients, 347 of whom underwent LP shunt placement at index hospitalization and 735 of whom underwent VP shunt placement. Rates of shunt failure were similar among patients with LP and VP shunt (34.6% vs 31.7%; P =. 382). Among patients who experienced shunt failure, the mean number of shunt failures was 2.1 ± 1.6 and was similar between LP and VP cohorts. Ninety-day readmission rates, complication rates, and costs did not differ significantly between LP and VP shunts. Patients who experienced more than two shunt failures tended to have an earlier time to first shunt failure (hazard ratio 1.41; 95% confidence interval 1.08-1.85; P =. 013). CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that LP and VP shunts may have comparable rates of shunt failure and complication. Regardless of shunt type, earlier time to first shunt failure may be associated with multiple shunt failures. ER  - 
Comorbidities in children with elevated periodic limb movement index during sleep$$$ Study Objectives: Little is known about comorbidities in children who have elevated periodic limb movement index (PLMI) during overnight polysomnogram (PSG). The aim of this study is to identify comorbidities in children with elevated PLMI (PLMI > 5) versus children with PLMI < 5 presenting to a pediatric sleep center. Methods: This study was a retrospective review of all clinically indicated PSGs obtained consecutively from 3/2017-3/2019 at Seattle Children's Sleep Disorders Center. Data collected included demographics, clinical presentation, medications, medical history, family history specifically for restless legs syndrome (RLS), ferritin levels, and PSG metrics. Characteristics between those with (cases) elevated PLMI (AASM criteria) and without (controls) were summarized. Results: We identified 148 subjects with elevated PLMI (67% male, mean age 7.95 years, range 1-20), yielding a PLMI > 5 prevalence of 5%. There were 188 controls included (58% male, mean age 8.0 years, range 1-19). Neither sex (chi-square = 2.8, NS) nor age (Mann-Whitney U = 1339.5, NS) differed between groups. Case subjects had a higher prevalence of RLS, snoring, insomnia, mood disorders, behavioral problems, morning headaches, chronic kidney disease, epilepsy, and chronic heart disease. Similarly, the use of antidepressants, antipsychotics, antiseizure medication, and other medications was statistically more frequent in children with elevated PLMS. The prevalence of PLMI > 5 was 5% and the prevalence of periodic limb movement disorder (PLMD) was 0.3% in children referred to polysomnography. Ferritin levels did not differ. Conclusions: We identified the prevalence of PLMD in a sleep medicine-referred population. We have also identified comorbidities and medications associated with elevated PLMI in children. No clinical trial. ER  - 
Clinical risk factors in SUDEP: A nationwide population-based case-control study$$$ ObjectiveWe conducted a nationwide case-control study in Sweden to test the hypothesis that specific clinical characteristics are associated with increased risk of sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP).MethodsThe study included 255 SUDEP cases (definite and probable) and 1,148 matched controls. Clinical information was obtained from medical records and the National Patient Register. The association between SUDEP and potential risk factors was assessed by odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and interaction assessed by attributable proportion due to interaction (AP).ResultsExperiencing generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) during the preceding year was associated with a 27-fold increased risk (OR 26.81, 95% CI 14.86-48.38), whereas no excess risk was seen in those with exclusively non-GTCS seizures (OR 1.15, 95% CI 0.54-48.38). The presence of nocturnal GTCS during the last year of observation was associated with a 15-fold risk (OR 15.31, 95% CI 9.57-24.47). Living alone was associated with a 5-fold increased risk of SUDEP (OR 5.01, 95% CI 2.93-8.57) and interaction analysis showed that the combination of not sharing a bedroom and having GTCS conferred an OR of 67.10 (95% CI 29.66-151.88), with AP estimated at 0.69 (CI 0.53-0.85). Among comorbid diseases, a previous diagnosis of substance abuse or alcohol dependence was associated with excess risk of SUDEP.ConclusionsIndividuals with GTCS who sleep alone have a dramatically increased SUDEP risk. Our results indicate that 69% of SUDEP cases in patients who have GTCS and live alone could be prevented if the patients were not unattended at night or were free from GTCS. ER  - 
Adolescent inpatient completers of dialectical behaviour therapy$$$ Purpose: Dialectical behaviour therapy (DBT) aims to reduce emotional dysregulation and engagement in less adaptive behaviours for adults with mixed disorders of conduct and emotions (MDCE). However, there is limited evidence available for the effectiveness of DBT skills training for adolescents with MDCE who are resident within a secure impatient setting. The paper aims to discuss these issues. Design/methodology/approach: A retrospective study investigated changes in aggressive and self-injurious behaviours in 22 adolescents within a secure inpatient mental health setting with MDCE who had completed one cycle of DBT skills training. Changes in symptomatic problems, behavioural and social impairment were also investigated in 17 of the 22 participants who completed the DBT skills training cycle. Findings: There were statistically significant decreases in the frequencies of engagement in total aggressive and deliberate self-harm behaviours after the DBT skills training cycle. There was a significant improvement in symptomatic and behavioural impairment, but not in social impairment. Practical implications: The findings of this study suggest that DBT skills training may be beneficial for behavioural and symptomatic outcomes in adolescent inpatients with MDCE. Originality/value: This study provides preliminary evidence for the effectiveness of DBT skills training for adolescents with MDCE within a secure inpatient setting. Additional studies are required to investigate the clinical benefits of specific aspects of DBT for individual patients. ER  - 
Behavioural changes in dogs with idiopathic epilepsy$$$ Background Breed-specific and broader cohort studies have shown behavioural changes in dogs following the onset of idiopathic epilepsy (IE). Methods A cross-sectional, case-control questionnaire study was carried out to strengthen this body of evidence. Owners of eight breeds of dog completed an online questionnaire about their dogs' behaviour; once for control dogs and twice for dogs with IE, for both pre-IE and post-IE onset behaviour. Results Ninety-six (24.74 per cent) dogs with IE and 292 (75.26 per cent) age and breed-matched control dogs met the inclusion criteria. Control dogs had significantly higher â € Trainability' scores than dogs with IE (P=0.04). After IE, dogs had significantly higher â € Dog-Directed Fear or Aggression' (P=0.02), â € Non-Social Fear' (P=0.01), â € Attachment/Attention-Seeking Behaviour' (P=0.04), â € Attention-Deficit' (P=0.02) and significantly lower â € Trainability' (P=0.02) than prior to the onset of IE. Medication status did not significantly affect any behavioural factor, but drug-resistant dogs had significantly less â € Trainability' than drug-responsive (P=0.04) and partially drug-responsive dogs (P=0.03). Conclusion Behavioural differences related to cognitive function are seen between dogs with IE and controls. Behavioural changes related to anxiety, attention and cognition are seen in dogs following the onset of IE. The ability to clinically define and diagnose behavioural comorbidities in dogs is much needed from both a clinical and research perspective. ER  - 
Health comorbidities and cognitive abilities across the lifespan in down syndrome$$$ Background: Down syndrome (DS) is associated with variable intellectual disability and multiple health and psychiatric comorbidities. The impact of such comorbidities on cognitive outcomes is unknown. We aimed to describe patterns of physical health and psychiatric comorbidity prevalence, and receptive language ability, in DS across the lifespan, and determine relationships with cognitive outcomes. Methods: Detailed medical histories were collected and cognitive abilities measured using standardised tests for 602 individuals with DS from England and Wales (age range 3 months to 73 years). Differences in prevalence rates between age groups and between males and females were determined using chi-squared or Fisher's exact tests. In adults, rates for psychiatric comorbidities were compared to expected population rates using standardised morbidity ratios (SMRs). Adapted ANCOVA functions were constructed to explore age and sex associations with receptive language ability across the lifespan, and regression analyses were performed to determine whether the presence of health comorbidities or physical phenotypes predicted cognitive abilities. Results: Multiple comorbidities showed prevalence differences across the lifespan, though there were few sex differences. In adults, SMRs were increased in males and decreased in females with DS for schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and anxiety. Further, SMRs were increased in both males and females with DS for dementia, autism, ADHD, and depression, with differences more pronounced in females for dementia and autism, and in males for depression. Across the lifespan, receptive language abilities increasingly deviated from age-typical levels, and males scored poorer than females. Only autism and epilepsy were associated with poorer cognitive ability in those aged 16-35 years, with no relationships for physical health comorbidities, including congenital heart defects. Conclusions: Our results indicate the prevalence of multiple comorbidities varies across the lifespan in DS, and in adults, rates for psychiatric comorbidities show different patterns for males and females relative to expected population rates. Further, most health comorbidities are not associated with poorer cognitive outcomes in DS, apart from autism and epilepsy. It is essential for clinicians to consider such differences to provide appropriate care and treatment for those with DS and to provide prognostic information relating to cognitive outcomes in those with comorbidities. ER  - 
Anti-NMDAR encephalitis: A single-center, longitudinal study in China$$$ ObjectiveTo describe the detailed clinical characteristics, immunotherapy, and long-term outcomes of patients with anti-NMDA receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis in China.MethodsA single-center, prospective study. Patients who met the diagnostic criteria were enrolled from 2011 to 2017 and followed up. The clinical features, treatment, and long-term outcomes were collected prospectively. Factors affecting the long-term prognosis were analyzed.ResultsThe study included 220 patients. The most common clinical presentations were psychosis (82.7%) and seizures (80.9%). Of the patients, 19.5% had an underlying neoplasm; of which ovarian teratoma was 100% of tumors in females and only one male had lung cancer. Most patients (99.5%) received first-line therapy (glucocorticoids, IV immunoglobulin, or plasmapheresis alone or combined), and only 7.3% received second-line immunotherapy (rituximab, cyclophosphamide alone, or combined). Long-term immunotherapy (mycophenolate mofetil or azathioprine >1 year) was administered to 53.2% of patients. During the first 12 months, 207 (94.1%) patients experienced improvement, and 5 (2.3%) died, whereas 38 (17.3%) experienced relapses. At 12-month follow-up, 92.7% had favorable clinical outcomes (modified Rankin Scale score ≤2).ConclusionsPatients in China present with psychosis and seizure frequently but have a low percentage of underlying neoplasms. Re-enforced first-line immunotherapy is effective in managing anti-NMDAR encephalitis in the acute phase. Although relapse is relatively common, with combined first-line and long-term immunotherapy, most patients reached favorable outcomes. ER  - 
Anti-Suicidal Efficacy of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Depressive Patients: A Retrospective Analysis of a Large Sample$$$ Background: Suicide is a major public health problem. About 90% of suicide victims have one or more major psychiatric disorder, with a reported 20-fold increased risk for suicide in patients with affective disorders in comparison with healthy subjects. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been established as an effective alternative or adjunctive treatment option for patients with depressive disorders, but little is known about its effects on suicide risk. Objective: For the assessment of the effectiveness of rTMS on suicidal ideation and behaviors, we performed a retrospective analysis of a large sample of patients with depressive disorders, who were treated with rTMS. Methods: We analyzed the records of 711 TMS in- and out-patients with depressive affective disorders in a tertiary referral hospital between 2002 and 2017. Out of these patients we were able to collect Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD) data of 332 patients (180 females, 152 males; age range 20 to 79 years; mean age 47.3 ± 12.3) for which we analyzed the change of suicidal ideation by using item 3 (suicidality) of HAMD. Results: Out of all 711 patients treated with rTMS for their depression, one patient (0.1%) committed suicide during the TMS treatment. In the statistical analysis of the subsample with 332 patients there was an overall amelioration of depressive symptoms accompanied by a significant decrease in the suicidality item with a medium effect size. Decrease in suicidality was not inferior to changes in other items as indicated by effect sizes. Forty-seven percent of patients showed an amelioration in suicidality, 41.3% of patients did not show a change in their suicidality’s scores, and 11.7% of patients showed an increase in suicidality’s scores from baseline to final rating. Correlation of item 3 (suicidality) and item 7 (drive) demonstrated a significant positive association, revealing improved drive with a parallel decreased suicidality. Conclusion: Based on the proposed data, there is no evidence that rTMS increases the risk for suicide during the course of the treatment. Conversely, rTMS tends to reduce suicidal ideation. Our findings call for further rTMS controlled studies using large sample sizes and specific suicidality assessment measures to obtain more conclusive results. ER  - 
Protocol on transcranial alternating current stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background:Transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) offers a new approach for adult patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). The study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tACS treating MDD.Methods:This is an 8-week, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study. Ninety-two drug-naive patients with MDD aged 18 to 65 years will receive 20 daily 40-min, 77.5-Hz, 15-mA sessions of active or sham tACS targeting the forehead and both mastoid areas on weekdays for 4 consecutive weeks (week 4), following a 4-week observation period (week 8). The primary outcome is the remission rate defined as the 17-item Hamilton depression rating scale (HDRS-17) score ≤7 at week 8. Secondary outcomes are the rates of response at weeks 4 and 8 and rate of remission at week 4 based on HDRS-17, the proportion of participants having improvement in the clinical global impression-improvement, the change in HDRS-17 score (range, 0-52, with higher scores indicating more depression) over the study, and variations of brain imaging and neurocognition from baseline to week 4. Safety will be assessed by vital signs at weeks 4 and 8, and adverse events will be collected during the entire study.Discussion:The tACS applied in this trial may have treatment effects on MDD with minimal side effects.Trial registration:Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, ChiCTR1800016479; http://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=22048. ER  - 
Huperzine A for the treatment of cognitive, mood, and functional deficits after moderate and severe TBI (HUP-TBI): results of a Phase II randomized controlled pilot study: implications for understanding the placebo effect$$$ Objective: To investigate the effect of Huperzine A on memory and learning in individuals with moderate-severe traumatic brain injury (TBI). Design: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase II clinical trial. Methods: Subjects were randomly assigned to receive Huperzine A or placebo for 12 weeks and were assessed during in-person visits at screening/baseline, and 6, 12, 24, and 52 weeks post-injury. Changes in memory and learning scores on the California Verbal Learning Test–2nd Edition (CVLT-II) from baseline to week 12 were assessed using permutation tests and regression analyses. Results: There was no difference between the Huperzine A and placebo groups in memory performance after 12 weeks of treatment. In the placebo group, significant improvements were noted in learning and memory scores. Both groups showed clinically important improvements in depression on the Beck Depression Index. Conclusions: The clinically important improvements in cognitive and emotional outcomes observed in both the placebo and active treatment arms of this clinical trial of Huperzine A are best understood in the context of a placebo effect. Future trials involving patients with moderate-severe TBI in the subacute to chronic phases of recovery should be designed to account for placebo effects as failure to do so may lead to spurious conclusions. ER  - 
Patient-reported satisfaction with current clinical management of systemic lupus erythematosus in kazakhstan$$$ BACKGROUND: Over the past decades, patient satisfaction has been increasingly recognized as a powerful tool to measure the quality of health-care services. AIM: This study evaluated the satisfaction of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients with current clinical management in Semey, East Kazakhstan, and explored the factors associated with dissatisfaction. METHODS: All adult SLE patients registered at health-care facilities of Semey were enrolled in a cross-sectional study. RESULTS: Out of 67 patients, 66 were females and their mean age was 39 years. Symptoms associated with the musculoskeletal system were the most commonly reported (95.5%), followed by fatigue (88.1%) and neurological symptoms (53.7%). None of the patients were very satisfied or satisfied with current clinical management and the overall rate of patient dissatisfaction was 83.6%. Education (p = 0.04), monthly income (p = 0.01), SLE disease activity index score (p = 0.031), therapy with biologic agents (p = 0.029), immunosuppressants (p = 0.01), and corticosteroids (p = 0.01) were predictors of patient dissatisfaction in multiple logistic regression analysis. CONCLUSION: This real-world study is the first effort to understand the experience of SLE patients within the health-care system of Kazakhstan and the results may facilitate doctor-patient discussions on the initiatives that need to be taken to improve the quality of the medical services provided. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of blonanserin transdermal patch in patients with schizophrenia: A 6-week randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter study$$$ Background: Blonanserin is a second-generation antipsychotic used for the treatment of schizophrenia. This study determined the efficacy, safety and pharmacokinetics of a blonanserin transdermal patch in patients with acutely exacerbated schizophrenia. Methods: This double-blind, multicenter, phase 3 study consisted of a 1-week observation period during which patients were treated with two patches of placebo, followed by a 6-week double-blind period where patients were randomized (1:1:1) to receive once-daily blonanserin 40 mg, blonanserin 80 mg, or placebo patches. The primary endpoint was the change from baseline in the total Positive and Negative Symptom Scale (PANSS) score. Safety assessments included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Results: Between December 2014 and October 2018, patients were recruited and randomly assigned to blonanserin 40 mg (n = 196), blonanserin 80 mg (n = 194), or placebo (n = 190); of these, 77.2% completed the study. Compared with placebo, blonanserin significantly improved PANSS total scores at 6 weeks (least square mean [LSM] difference vs placebo: −5.6 with blonanserin 40 mg; 95% confidence interval [CI] −9.6, −1.6; adjusted p = 0.007, and − 10.4 with blonanserin 80 mg; 95% CI −14.4, −6.4; adjusted p < 0.001). Blonanserin was well tolerated; the most common TEAEs reported were application-site erythema and pruritus, akathisia, tremor, and insomnia. Conclusions: Blonanserin transdermal patch improved the symptoms of acute schizophrenia with acceptable tolerability. ER  - 
Rituximab-based allogeneic transplant for chronic lymphocytic leukemia with comparison to historical experience$$$ Relapse of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) after allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) remains a clinical challenge. We studied in a phase II trial whether the addition of peri-transplant rituximab would reduce the relapse risk compared with historical controls (n = 157). Patients (n = 55) received fludarabine and low-dose total body irradiation combined with rituximab on days −3, + 10, + 24, + 36. Relapse rate at 3 years was significantly lower among rituximab-treated patients versus controls (17% versus 31%; P = 0.04). Overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS) and nonrelapse mortality (NRM) were statistically similar: (53% versus 50%; P = 0.8), (44% versus 42%; P = 0.63), and (38% versus 28%; P = 0.2), respectively. In multivariate analysis, rituximab treatment was associated with lower relapse rates both in the overall cohort [hazard ratio (HR): 0.34, P = 0.006] and in patients with high-risk cytogenetics (HR: 0.21, P = 0.0003). Patients with no comorbidities who received rituximab conditioning had an OS rate of 100% and 75% at 1 and 3 years, respectively, with no NRM. Peri-transplant rituximab reduced relapse rates regardless of high-risk cytogenetics. HCT is associated with minimal NRM in patients without comorbidities and is a viable option for patients with high-risk CLL. Clinical trial information: NCT00867529. ER  - 
The association between disability and unintentional injuries among adolescents in a general education setting: Evidence from a Swedish population-based school survey$$$ Background: Unintentional injuries are the leading cause of death among adolescents. Adolescents with disabilities may be particularly vulnerable with an increased risk of unintentional injuries. Objective: To study the association between a set of disabilities and unintentional injury risks among adolescents, accounting for comorbidity, subjective disability severity and sex. Method: Cross-sectional data from a Swedish national school survey including 4,741 students (15 and 17-year olds) conducted in 2016 was analyzed using log-binomial generalized linear models. Results: We found a 33% increased risk of injury the last 12 months and a 53% increased risk of injury leading to hospitalization for adolescents with any disability compared to their peers with no disability. The differences in injury risk were greater for girls than boys. There was a dose-response relationship between disability severity and injury risk. In analyses adjusted for sociodemographic factors and comorbidity, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and epilepsy were associated with an increased risk of injury the last 12 months, risk ratios [RR] were 1.41 (95% Confidence Interval [CI] 1.08–2.97) and 1.79 (95% CI 1.10–1.81) respectively. Autism spectrum disorder was associated with a decreased injury risk the last 12 months (RR = 0.43, CI 0.2–0.92). ADHD, mobility impairment and visual impairment were associated with hospitalization due to injury during lifetime. Conclusions: There was an increased risk of unintentional injuries for adolescents with disabilities compared to their non-disabled peers, specifically for individuals with ADHD, epilepsy, visual impairment and mobility impairment. Injury prevention strategies may include adapting the physical environment and medical treatment. ER  - 
Association Between Prematurity and Diagnosis of Neurodevelopment Disorder: A Case–Control Study$$$ The aim of this study is to investigate the association between prematurity and diagnosis of neurodevelopmental disorders (ND) (attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder [ADHD] or autism spectrum disorder [ASD]) in Brazilian children and adolescents. Case–control study based on medical records data from a specialized outpatient clinic. Prematurity was defined as gestational age less than 37 weeks. Prematurity was independently associated with diagnosis of a ND (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 3.46, 95% CI 1.15 – 7.92), as well as with ADHD and ASD diagnosis after a multiple logistic regression analysis. These findings from Brazilian patients are related to what is found in the literature worldwide. Efforts to modify risk factors, such as prematurity, may impact incidence reduction of both ADHD and ASD. ER  - 
Brain white matter abnormalities associated with copy number variants$$$ White matter (WM) signal abnormalities are demonstrated in various neurodevelopmental disorders on brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The pattern of WM abnormalities can aid in the diagnostic process. This study aims to characterize the WM changes found in microdeletion/microduplication syndromes. Thirteen patients with neurodevelopmental disorders due to copy number variations were collected from a cohort of children with evidence of WM abnormalities on brain MRI, in two medical centers. A pediatric neuroradiologist blindly interpreted the MRI scans. Clinical and genetic findings were retrospectively extracted from the medical records. WM changes included: multifocal (10/13) periventricular (12/13) and subcortical (5/13) signal abnormalities and WM volume loss (6/13). Dysgenesis of the corpus callosum was depicted in 12/13. The main clinical features were: global developmental delay (13/13), hypotonia (11/13), epilepsy (10/13), dysmorphic features (9/13), microcephaly (6/13), short stature (6/13), and systemic involvement (6/13). We showed that different chromosomal micro-rearrangement syndromes share similar MRI patterns of nonspecific multifocal predominantly periventricular WM changes associated with corpus callosum dysgenesis with or without WM and gray matter loss. Hence, the association of these features in a patient evaluated for global developmental delay/intellectual disability suggests a chromosomal micro-rearrangement syndrome, and a chromosomal microarray analysis should be performed. ER  - 
Dimensions of pain catastrophising and specific structural and functional alterations in patients with chronic pain: Evidence in medication-overuse headache$$$ Objectives: We examined the neuroanatomical substrate of different pain catastrophising (PC) dimensions (i.e. rumination; magnification; helplessness) in patients with medication-overuse headache (MOH). Methods: We included 18 MOH patients who were administered the Pain Catastrophizing Scale (PCS) and scanned in a 3T-MRI. We conducted whole-brain volumetric and resting-state functional connectivity (FC) analysis to examine the association between grey matter (GM) density and FC strength and PCS dimensions controlling for depression and anxiety. Results: Higher total PCS score was associated with decreased GM density in precentral and inferior temporal gyrus, increased FC between middle temporal gyrus and cerebellum and reduced FC between precuneus and inferior temporal gyrus, as well as between frontal pole and temporal fusiform cortex. Regarding PCS dimensions, we mainly observed the involvement of (1) somatosensory cortex, supramarginal gyrus, basal ganglia, core default-mode network (DMN) in rumination; (2) somatosensory cortex, core DMN, dorsal medial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC)-DMN subsystem and cerebellum in magnification; and (3) temporal regions, DMN and basal ganglia in helplessness. Conclusions: PC dimensions are associated with a specific structural and functional neuroanatomical pattern, which is different from the pattern observed when PC is considered as a single score. The involvement of basal ganglia and cerebellum needs further investigation. ER  - 
Real-life effectiveness and tolerability of perampanel in pediatric patients aged 4 years or older with epilepsy: A korean national multicenter study$$$ Background and Purpose The US Food and Drug Administration approval for perampanel has only recently been expanded to patients as young as 4 years, and so there have been few real-life studies of the effects of perampanel in pediatric patients. The aim of this study was to determine the long-term efficacy, factors affecting treatment response, and tolerability of perampanel as an add-on therapy in pediatric patients aged 4 years or older with epilepsy. Methods This multicenter retrospective observational study collected data from pediatric epilepsy centers of four Korean national universities. Changes in the seizure frequency from baseline, adverse events, and retention rates were obtained at 3, 6, and 12 months. Adverse events and discontinuation profiles were obtained to assess tolerability. Results This study included 220 children and adolescents (117 males and 103 females) aged 4 to 20 years. The overall response rate was 43.6%, and the seizure-freedom rate was 17.7%. Factors affecting a good treatment response were the absence of intellectual disability, small number of concomitant antiepileptic drugs, and low baseline seizure frequency. Eighty-eight patients (40%) experienced adverse events, but they mostly were of mild severity and resolved after the dose reduction or discontinuation of perampanel. The retention rates at 3, 6, and 12 months were 85.0%, 71.8%, and 50.5%, respectively. Conclusions Adjunctive treatment with perampanel was efficacious and tolerated in pediatric patients aged 4 years or older with epilepsy. Early perampanel treatment may help to reduce the burden of their seizures and improve their quality of life. ER  - 
Outpatient physical therapy for functional neurological disorder: A preliminary feasibility and naturalistic outcome study in a U.S. cohort$$$ Objective: Despite promising research and consensus recommendations on the important therapeutic role of physical therapy for motor functional neurological disorder (FND), little is known about the feasibility and potential efficacy of implementing physical therapy for this population in a U.S.-based outpatient program. Given health care system differences internationally, this is an important gap in the literature. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, the authors investigated the relationship between treatment adherence and clinical outcome in a hospital-based outpatient physical therapy clinical program. Medical records of 50 consecutive patients with motor FND referred from an FND clinical program were reviewed. The physical therapy intervention included a 1-hour initial assessment and the development of individualized treatment plans guided by published consensus recommendations. Statistical analyses included nonparametric, univariate screening tests followed by multivariate regression analyses. Results: In univariate analyses, there was a statistically significant positive correlation between the number of sessions attended and clinical improvement. This relationship held when adjusting for demographic variables, concurrent psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, and other major neurological comorbidities. In a post hoc analysis of the subset of individuals with available gait speed data, posttreatment 10-meter gait speed times improved compared with baseline measurements. Baseline neuropsychiatric factors did not correlate with clinical improvement. Conclusions: This preliminary, retrospective cohort study demonstrated that treatment adherence to a U.S.-based outpatient physical therapy program was associated with clini cal improvement. Prospective observati onal and randomized controlled trials are needed to further optimize physical therapy for patients with functional motor symptoms in the outpatient setting. ER  - 
Efficacy, retention, and safety of brivaracetam in adult patients with genetic generalized epilepsy$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy, tolerability, and retention of brivaracetam (BRV) in genetic generalized epilepsy (GGE) in real-life practice. Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study of adult patients with GGE in whom BRV was started between 2016 and 2018, completing a follow-up period of ≥ 6 months. Clinical and electroencephalogram (EEG) characteristics were analyzed at baseline and at follow-up as outcome measures. Results: Brivaracetam was started in 37 patients (mean age: 29.9 ± 12.3 years; 73% women). Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy was the most common syndrome (43.2%). The primary indications for starting BRV were lack of efficacy (51.4%) and adverse events (AEs) (27%) of other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). In total, 32.4% of patients received BRV monotherapy. Retention rate at 6 months was 81.1%; 83.8% of patients were considered responders, and 62.2% achieved seizure freedom. The primary reasons for withdrawal were treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs, 57.1%) and lack of efficacy (42.9%). The higher number of prior AED use was a risk factor for a lack of response [median = 4 (interquartile range (IQR): 3–4) vs 2 (IQR: 1–3); p < 0.05]. Patients with a previous response to valproic acid tended to have a higher response rate to BRV (86.7% vs 50%, p = 0.169). Eighty-three point eight percent (83.8%) of previous levetiracetam (LEV) responders also showed a good response to BRV. In terms of patients who presented LEV-related AEs, AE resolution was observed in 79.8%, particularly with regard to psychiatric AEs. Follow-up EEGs were compared with baseline EEGs in 25 patients (67.6%) during follow-up. Most patients showed a reduction (52%) or no change (36%) in interictal epileptiform discharge (IED) frequency. Significance: Brivaracetam shows good responder and retention rates in GGE and is generally well tolerated. It is an appropriate alternative treatment for GGE, especially in refractory epilepsy and when other AEDs are not tolerated. ER  - 
Cognitive-emotion processing in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background: Previous literature suggests that cognitive-emotion processing contributes to the pathogenesis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Characterization of alterations in cognitive-emotion processing in PNES could inform treatment. Methods: In this descriptive, cross-sectional study, 143 patients with video electroencephalogram (EEG) confirmed PNES were prospectively recruited. Patients completed self-report questionnaires on emotion perception (Trait Meta-Mood Scale (TMMS) attention and clarity subscales) and coping style (Affective Styles Questionnaire [ASQ] concealing, adjusting, and tolerating subscales) at the time of their initial evaluation for PNES. Demographic, clinical data and measures of psychopathology severity were also obtained. The TMMS and ASQ subscale scores were compared to available normative data and between PNES subgroups (based on presence of trauma-related factors). Correlation coefficients were obtained to evaluate associations between subscale scores and measures of psychopathology. Results: Mean scores on both TMMS subscales (attention 47.0 [SD 7.4] and clarity 37.5 [SD 8.0]) and the ASQ adjusting subscale (22.2 [SD 6.3]) were significantly lower than available normative data (p < .001). Among patients with PNES, those with a history of childhood abuse or active posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) were found to have significantly lower scores on emotion clarity, adjustment, and tolerance subscales than those without such histories (p < .05). Degree of clarity of emotions correlated negatively with severity of depression, anxiety, stress, and illness perception (p ≤ .001). Adjustment to and tolerance of emotional states correlated negatively with severity of depression and stress (p < .01). Conclusions: Patients with PNES, especially those with active PTSD and childhood trauma, have lower clarity of their emotions and lower ability to adjust to emotional states than healthy individuals. These cognitive-emotion processing deficits are more pronounced in patients with more severe depression and reported stress. This study characterizes alterations in cognitive-emotion processing in PNES that are well-suited therapeutic targets and can therefore inform treatment interventions. ER  - 
Emergency department presentations related to acute toxicity following recreational use of cannabis products in Switzerland$$$ Background: Concomitant use of cannabis and other psychoactive substances is common and it is often difficult to differentiate its acute effects from those of other substances. This study aimed to characterize the acute toxicity of cannabis with and without co-use of other substances. Methods: Retrospective analysis of cases presenting at the emergency departments of three large hospitals in Switzerland due to acute toxicity related to cannabis recreational use. Results: Among 717 attendances related to acute cannabis toxicity, 186 (26 %) were due to use of cannabis alone. The median patient age was 26 years (range 14–68), and 73 % were male. Commonly reported symptoms/signs in lone-cannabis cases included nausea/vomiting (26 %), palpitations (25 %), anxiety (23 %), and chest pain (15 %); there were no fatalities and most intoxications were of minor severity (61 %). Most patients (83 %) using cannabis alone were discharged from the emergency department, 8 % were referred to psychiatric, and two (1 %) to the intensive care; severe complications included psychosis (7 %), coma (6 %), and seizures (5 %) and one patient (<1 %) required intubation. Lone-cannabis patients presented more often with palpitations, anxiety, panic attacks, and chest pain than patients in the co-use group, whereas the latter presented more often with impaired consciousness, agitation, respiratory depression and hallucinations, and were more often admitted to psychiatric or intensive care. Conclusion: Intoxication with cannabis alone was mostly associated with minor toxicity. Nevertheless, severe complications and cases requiring admission to intensive or psychiatric care were also reported, which indicates that intoxication with cannabis alone does not exclude considerable health risks. ER  - 
Effect of perampanel on aggression in patients with refractory focal epilepsy: A 6-month longitudinal study$$$ Purpose: Clinical trials have demonstrated the efficacy of perampanel for the treatment of epilepsy. However, patients treated with this and other antiepileptic drugs often exhibit aggressive behaviors. We investigated the clinical factors contributing to aggression in patients with refractory focal epilepsy during 6 months of adjunctive perampanel treatment. Methods: This was a single-center longitudinal study involving patients treated with perampanel (starting dose, 2 mg/day; maximal dose, 12 mg/day). Patients were assessed with an aggression questionnaire (Korean version of Aggression Questionnaire [AQ-K]) and the hospital anxiety depression scale (HADS) at the beginning of the study and after receiving treatment for 6 months. Paired t-tests were used to compare AQ-K and HADS scores at the beginning of the study with those recorded at the end, and stepwise linear regression models were applied to identify predictive factors. Results: Thirty-two patients (mean age, 42.4 ± 10.3 years) successfully completed the 6-month study. The AQ-K and HADS scores increased after 6 months of adjunctive perampanel treatment (p <.1). The HADS scores related to depression at baseline predicted changes in total AQ-K scores, whereas the change in this HADS score was a predictor of physical and verbal aggression. A perampanel dose of ≥ 8 mg was a predictive factor for changes in anger and HADS scores related to depression after 6 months. Unexpectedly, concomitant use of topiramate had protective effects on AQ-K scores (including for verbal aggression and anger) in patients receiving perampanel. Conclusion: Depressive symptoms and a high dose of perampanel are potential predictors for aggression, whereas concomitant use of topiramate is protective against aggression in patients receiving perampanel for focal epilepsy. ER  - 
The efficacy and tolerability of levetiracetam as a first line monotherapy in childhood epilepsy$$$ Introduction To examine efficacy and tolerability of Levetiracetam monotherapy as a first line agent in a national cohort of children with epilepsy, naïve to anti-epileptic medication. Methods A retrospective analysis of children with epilepsy who attended 4 Irish tertiary Paediatric Neurology Clinics (2009-2015) started on Levetiracetam as a first line monotherapy. Results 182 children were identified aged one month to 16 years (mean 6.2 years (SD=5.1) Retention at 6 and 12 months was 88% (n=161) and 83% (n=145) respectively. 75% (n=104) achieved seizure freedom or > 50% improvement in seizure control at 12 months. 30% (n=55) experienced ≥1 adverse effect with aggression (12%; n=21) the most frequent. Treatment was discontinued in 16% (n=29) because of intolerance. Underlying conditions and epilepsy type were not found to influence efficacy or tolerability. Conclusion Levetiracetam monotherapy was observed as effective and safe for children with epilepsy although side effects limit tolerance in a sizeable minority. ER  - 
Effects of labor epidural analgesia on short term neonatal morbidity$$$ Background: Epidural Analgesia (EA) is the most effective and most commonly used method for pain relief during labor. Some researchers have observed an association between EA and increased neonatal morbidity. But this observation was not consistent in many other studies. Objectives: The primary objective of the study was to examine whether exposure to epidural analgesia increased the risk of NICU admission. The secondary objectives included the risks of clinical chorioamnionitis, instrumental delivery, neonatal depression, respiratory distress, birth trauma, and neonatal seizure during the first 24 hours of life. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study involving 2360 low-risk nulliparous women who delivered at AWH, Qatar, during the two years between January 2016 December and 2017. Short-term neonatal outcomes of the mothers who received EA in active labor were compared with a similar population who did not receive EA. As secondary objectives, labor parameters like maternal temperature elevation, duration of the second stage of labor, and instrumental delivery were compared. Results: Significantly higher numbers of neonates were admitted to the NICU from the EA group (P<0.001, OR 1.89, 95% CI 1.45 to 2.46). They were more likely to have respiratory distress (P=0.01, OR 1.49, 95% CI 1.07 to 2.07), birth injuries (P=0.02, OR =1.71, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.74), admission temperature>37.5 °C (P=0.04, OR 3.40, 95% CI 1.00 to 11.49), need for oxygen on the first day (P=0.04, OR 1.44, 95% CI 1.01 to 2.07) and receive antibiotics (P<0.001, OR 2.06,95% CI 1.47 to 2.79). There was no difference in the Apgar score at 1 minute (P=0.12), need of resuscitation at birth (P=0.05), neonatal white cell count (P=0.34), platelet count (P=0.38) and C reactive protein (P=0.84). Mothers who received EA had a lengthier second stage (P<0.001), temperature elevation >37.5°C (P<0.001, OR 7.40, 95% CI 3.93 to 13.69) and instrumental delivery (P<0.001, OR 2.13, 95% CI 1.69 to 2.68). Conclusion: EA increases NICU admission, antibiotic exposure, neonatal birth injuries, need for positive pressure ventilation at birth, and respiratory distress in the first 24 hours of life. Mothers on epidural analgesia have prolonged second stage of labor, a higher rate of instrumental delivery, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, fetal distress, and temperature elevation. ER  - 
Single-Agent Bupropion Exposures: Clinical Characteristics and an Atypical Cause of Serotonin Toxicity$$$ Introduction: Bupropion is the only Food and Drug Administration–approved synthetic cathinone. It increases the release of norepinephrine in the locus coeruleus and dorsal raphe nucleus, causing an increase in the frequency of serotonergic neuron firing. The diagnosis of serotonin toxicity (ST) from bupropion poisoning is controversial due to the lack of direct serotonergic activity. Nonetheless, there is one documented report of ST after single-agent bupropion overdose and multiple reports describing polypharmacy overdoses where bupropion may have contributed to ST. Methods: This is a retrospective analysis of data collected by the Toxicology Investigators Consortium (ToxIC), a prospective multi-center toxico-surveillance and research network registry, from 2014 to 2017. Cases were identified if ST was a clinical effect and bupropion was the single agent listed. Data is presented descriptively. Results: Of the 266 recorded single bupropion overdoses, the most common symptoms were seizures (47.1%), tachycardia (greater than 140 bpm) (33.9%), agitation (31.7%), toxic psychosis (20.4%), and myoclonus/tremor/hyperreflexia (19%). Benzodiazepines were the most common therapy (69.2%). Thirteen patients (5.9%) were diagnosed with ST by a medical toxicologist. Conclusion: Bupropion overdose is primarily associated with seizures, tachycardia, and agitation; bupropion may be an atypical cause of serotonin toxicity. ER  - 
The management of epilepsy in clinical practice: Do the needs manifested by the patients correspond to the priorities of the caring physicians? Findings from the EPINEEDS Study$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to assess the priorities of patients with epilepsy and caring physicians and the correspondence between these priorities. Methods: In this multicenter cross-sectional study, patients with epilepsy attending 21 Italian epilepsy centers and their caring physicians filled anonymously questionnaires on the needs and priorities in the management of the disease. Included were questions on patients' demographics, diagnosis, treatment, and outcome of epilepsy. The concordance between patients and their physicians was assessed on various aspects of the diagnosis and care of the disease. Patients' satisfaction with communication, services, and patient–doctor relationship was also assessed. Results: Included were 432 women and 355 men aged 15 to 88 years (median: 41 years). Disease duration ranged from 6 months to 75 years. A structural/metabolic etiology predominated (52.7%), followed by a (presumed) genetic etiology (33.0%). Seizure remission was present in 56.5% of cases. Comorbidities requiring chronic treatment were present in 27.5%, and comorbidities affecting self-sufficiency in 9.5%. Psychiatric comorbidity was present in 35.0%. Patients' priorities included discovery of the cause (89.1%), use of right drug (98.7%), use of a drug without chronic side effects (94.0%), and a life without restrictions (90.4%). Physicians' priorities included choice of right drug (83.5%) and use of drugs without chronic side effects (86.8%). Priorities varied with patients' age, sex, education, and occupation. Patient–doctor relationships were at least good in most cases. The information imparted was considered unsatisfactory by 21–44% of cases on seizure circumstances and complications, side effects of drugs, limitations of daily activities, and management of physiologic or pathologic conditions. Patients declared overall satisfaction, except for appointments (21.5%) and emergencies (30.8%). Conclusion: Patients and physicians' priorities in the management of epilepsy overlap only in part. Patients are satisfied with their caring physicians and less satisfied with communication and management of routine and emergency problems. ER  - 
PNESSE 1: Psychogenic status and status epilepticus: Could they be distinguished retrospectively? A survey among neurologists$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate neurologists' reliability in recognizing retrospectively a diagnosis of psychogenic status and status epilepticus (SE) based solely on clinical semiology, as reported in medical charts. Methods: This is a retrospective analysis of medical records of patients with suspected SE, diagnosed with psychogenic status and SE, proven by video-electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring, over a two-year period, from January 1st 2012 to December 31st 2013. Eight additional patients outside this time frame were included in this series because they had video-EEG proven psychogenic status, and they met all the inclusion criteria. The group with SE was divided into symptomatic SE (SSE) if a precipitating factor was identified, and undetermined SE (USE) if none were identified. Twenty-two neurologists from the CHU de Grenoble-Alpes were asked to fill out a survey where they were asked to score, for each patient, their agreement, using Likert scales, for the respective diagnoses of psychogenic status and SE. Their opinions were based on a provided written sheet summarizing the clinical description of the event and patients' clinical context. Neurologists were blinded to video-EEG monitoring results and final diagnosis. The level of agreement, disagreement, and the homogeneity of neurologist's responses according to the final diagnosis were then calculated. Finally, clinical data, as provided in the event's clinical description and context, considered as highly relevant by neurologists to establish an accurate diagnosis were gathered. Results: Eighteen neurologists completed the survey for 48 patients, including 11 diagnosed with psychogenic status and 37 with SE (30 with SSE and 7 with USE). For patients diagnosed with SE, the presence of a precipitating factor increased the likelihood and the homogeneity among neurologists of a diagnosis of SE (77%), with a specificity (Sp) of 96% and a positive predictive value of 95%. The lack of a precipitating factor significantly decreased the diagnosis likelihood of SE (55%) with a predictive value of 82%. For patients diagnosed with psychogenic status, most of neurologists agreed with the diagnosis of psychogenic status (69%) with a predictive value of 82%, although heterogeneity in the diagnosis was found. According to neurologists participating in this study, most significant terms, found in the medical charts, helping to distinguish SE from psychogenic status were “stereotypical movements”, “limb myoclonus”, “epilepsy”, and “vigilance alteration”. To differentiate psychogenic status from SE, most relevant terms used by neurologists were “resistance to eyes opening”, “anarchic movements”, “prolonged motor manifestations”, “limb tremor” and “opisthotonus”. However, analysis of the distribution of the terms among the different groups (SSE, USE, and psychogenic status) showed no significant difference. Significance: This study is in line with previous literature highlighting the difficulty in retrospectively differentiating SE from psychogenic status based on clinical events description recorded in the medical chart. ER  - 
Depression, anxiety, and clinical history in Spanish-speaking American patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) compared with Spanish-speaking American patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to compare Spanish-speaking American patients with epilepsy to Spanish-speaking American patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) on depression, anxiety, and other clinical variables. Background: Research on Spanish-speaking American patients with epilepsy or PNES is relatively infrequent, with only a few studies on psychopathology in these two patient groups. Studies of English-speaking patients indicate that those with PNES present with greater depression and anxiety and report poorer quality of life (QOL) when compared with persons with epilepsy (PWEs). Similarly, although psychological trauma is observed in both groups, those with PNES appear to have more traumatic exposure compared with PWEs. Methods: This is a retrospective study of 74 Spanish-speaking PWEs (49 women, 31 men) and 34 Spanish-speaking patients with PNES (28 women, 4 men) (2004 to 2017). The diagnosis of epilepsy or PNES was confirmed with video-EEG. Demographic and clinical (psychological trauma, history of psychological treatment, etc.) data were collected, and Spanish versions of the Beck Depression Inventory — second edition (BDI-II) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) were completed by the patients. Results: Patients with PWEs (M = 18.19, SD = 12.89) differed significantly from those with PNES on a measure of depression (BDI-II, (M = 24.12, SD = 11.20); t (92) = − 2.22, p = 0.01). In addition, PWEs (M = 15.76, SD = 14.24) also differed significantly when compared with patients with PNES on a measure of anxiety (BAI, (M = 22.46, SD = 14.02); t (93) = − 2.05, p = 0.02). Significant differences in clinical and demographic data were also noted. Conclusions: Spanish-speaking American patients with PNES were significantly more depressed and anxious and reported greater exposure to sexual trauma as compared with PWEs. Furthermore, patients with PNES tended to report more prediagnosis utilization of mental health services than PWEs. After adjusting for potential linear effects of other predictors (e.g., gender, age, seizure frequency, and psychological trauma), only a reported history of psychological trauma had a linear relationship with a depression score while higher seizure frequency and history of mental health treatment had linear relationships with an anxiety score. ER  - 
Efficacy of atomoxetine versus midodrine for neurogenic orthostatic hypotension$$$ Objective: The efficacy and safety of 1-month atomoxetine and midodrine therapies were compared. Three-month atomoxetine and combination therapies were investigated for additional benefits. Methods: This prospective open-label randomized trial included 50 patients with symptomatic neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (nOH). The patients received either atomoxetine 18 mg daily or midodrine 5 mg twice daily and were evaluated 1 and 3 months later. Those who still met the criteria for nOH at 1 month received both midodrine and atomoxetine for an additional 2 months, and if not, they continued their initial medication. The primary outcome was an improvement in orthostatic blood pressure (BP) drop (maximum BP change from supine to 3 min after standing) at 1 month. The secondary endpoints were symptom scores, percentage of patients with nOH at 1 and 3 months. Results: Patients with midodrine or atomoxetine treatment showed comparative improvement in the orthostatic BP drop, and overall only 26.2% of the patients had nOH at 1 month, which was similar between the treatment groups. Only atomoxetine resulted in significant symptomatic improvements at 1 month. For those without nOH at 1 month, there was additional symptomatic improvement at 3 months with their initial medication. For those with nOH at 1 month, the combination treatment resulted in no additional improvement. Mild-to-moderate adverse events were reported by 11.6% of the patients. Interpretation: One-month atomoxetine treatment was effective and safe in nOH patients. Atomoxetine improved orthostatic BP changes as much as midodrine and was better in terms of ameliorating nOH symptoms. ER  - 
Moral injury in Veterans with nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: Over 40% of combat Veterans report exposure to at least one type of morally injurious experience (MIE). While moral injury (MI) is described among Veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), MI has not been studied in Veterans with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). We sought to identify MI in a clinical sample of Veterans with PNES and describe differences between those with MI and those without. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cross-sectional study of 82 male and female Veterans with video-electroencephalography (EEG)-confirmed PNES consecutively seen in a Veterans Administration neuropsychiatry clinic. Identification of MI (witnessed or experienced events that conflict with one's moral compass) was made based by an independent observer using a survey of MIEs. Comorbidities, trauma history, and symptom scales were compared among those with and without MI. Results: Twelve of 82 Veterans with PNES had MI. Those with MI reported higher guilt, depression symptoms and were of younger average age. There were no significant differences for categorical PTSD diagnosis, abuse history, or other demographic variables between those with and without MI. In this sample of Veterans with PNES, MI was present in 14.6%. Those with MI had more guilt and depressive symptoms than those without. An increased understanding of this condition may aid in the development of diagnostic screenings and therapy options for those with PNES. ER  - 
Risk of readmission for injury in patients with epilepsy in the United States – A population-based study$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the 30-day injury readmission risk among persons with epilepsy vs. without epilepsy using a nationally representative US database. Secondary objectives were to examine the factors associated with injury-related readmissions among those with epilepsy and identify specific causes of readmissions within 30 days of index admission. Methods: Hospitalized individuals of all ages with epilepsy as the primary diagnosis were identified using validated International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes in the 2014 Nationwide Readmission Database (NRD). Primary outcome was 30-day readmission for an injury defined by ICD-9-CM diagnosis codes following discharge from index hospitalization. Subgroup differences in the groups with epilepsy and without epilepsy were estimated using standardized mean difference scores that are calculated with means and variances of the covariates. Multinomial logistic regressions were conducted to determine the 30-day injury readmission risk and examine the factors associated with injury-related readmissions. Results: There were 60,074 unique persons with epilepsy (mean age: 42.53 years, female: 49.32%) and 9,282,952 without epilepsy (mean age: 44.46 years, female: 59.43%). A higher proportion of persons with epilepsy (n = 215, 0.34%) vs. without epilepsy (n = 22,783, 0.22%) had a 30-day readmission due to an injury. After adjusting for covariates, persons with epilepsy had higher odds of 30-day readmission due to an injury (adjusted OR: 1.40, 95% CI: 1.20–1.62, p < 0.0001). Factors associated with an injury-related readmission in persons with epilepsy include the following: increasing age (OR: 1.01, 95% CI: 1.00–1.02, p = 0.02), transfer to short term hospital/other facility (OR: 1.50, 95% CI: 1.00–2.27, p = 0.05), discharged against medical advice/discharge destination unknown (OR: 2.26, 95% CI: 1.40–4.45, p = 0.02), and higher Elixhauser comorbidity index (OR: 1.02, 95% CI: 1.01–1.03, p < 0.0001). Conclusions: Higher odds of 30-day injury readmissions were observed in persons with epilepsy vs. without epilepsy. Optimizing the management of comorbid conditions during the patient's index admission for epilepsy, minimizing discharges against medical advice, and fostering outreach programs to those who have been transferred to short-term hospitals or facilities may reduce 30-day readmissions due to an injury. ER  - 
Age Is Just a Number: Adults Deserve the Same Access to Genetic Testing as Children$$$ Clinical utility of multigene panel testing in adults with epilepsy and intellectual disability Borlot F, De Almeida BI, Combe SL, Andrade DM, Filloux FM, Myers KA. Epilepsia. 2019;60(8):1661-1669. doi:10.1111/epi.16273. Objective: To determine the diagnostic yield of a commercial epilepsy gene panel in adults with chronic epilepsy and accompanying intellectual disability, given that genetic evaluation is often overlooked in this group of patients. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study analyzing the results of epilepsy gene panels including up to 185 genes in adult epilepsy patients with intellectual disability, according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition. Patients with acquired structural brain abnormalities or known chromosomal abnormalities were excluded. Results: From approximately 600 patients seen from January 2017 to June 2018 at a single academic epilepsy center, 64 probands and 2 affected relatives (32 males, mean age = 31 years ± 10) were selected and clinically tested. Fourteen probands (14/64 = 22%; 4 males, mean age = 32 years ± 10) were found to have pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants in the following genes: SCN1A, GABRB3, UBE3A, KANSL1, SLC2A1, KCNQ2, SLC6A1, HNRNPU, STX1B, SCN2A, PURA, and CHD2. Six variants arose de novo, and the inheritance was not determined in 8. Nine probands (64%) had severe or profound intellectual disability, and 5 (35%) had autistic features. Eight patients (57%) had a diagnostic change from presumptive clinical diagnosis prior to genetic testing. Significance: We were able to demonstrate that a commercial epilepsy gene panel can be an important resource in clinical practice, identifying the etiology in 22% of adults with epilepsy and intellectual disability. The diagnostic yield is similar to previously reported pediatric cohorts. Larger samples would be required to evaluate the more prevalent genotypes among patients with adult epilepsy. ER  - 
Psychological distress symptoms and illness perception in patients with epilepsy in Northwest Greece$$$ Objective: The purpose of the present study was to compare psychological distress between patients with epilepsy and healthy controls and to evaluate potentially related factors to psychological distress in patients with epilepsy. Furthermore, we assessed how psychological distress and other potential factors mediate illness perception in patients with epilepsy in an urban area of Northwest Greece. Materials and methods: A case–control study was conducted in adult patients with epilepsy followed up at the University Hospital of Ioannina and in healthy controls. The Symptom Checklist—90 Revised (SCL-90R) for symptoms of psychological distress and the overall psychological distress Global Severity Index (GSI) evaluation, the brief illness perception questionnaire (B-IPQ), and the Adverse Event Profile (AEP) questionnaire for the antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) were used. Results: Seventy patients with epilepsy and 70 controls were recruited in the study. Somatic, depression, and anxiety symptoms and the GSI were higher in patients than in controls. In patients with epilepsy, the AEP score was significantly associated with psychological distress. Illness perception was associated with the number and the total number of administered AEDs; the AEP score; somatic, obsessive, depressive, and anxiety symptoms; and the GSI. After regression analysis, epilepsy characteristics, AEDs, and psychological distress accounted for 11.7%, 28.7%, and 5.5% of variance in BIP-Q score, respectively. Conclusion: Screening for psychological distress in patients with epilepsy is of high importance in clinical practice as somatic, depression, and anxiety symptoms and overall psychological distress are more severe in patients with epilepsy than in healthy controls. The symptoms of psychological distress are strongly associated with the adverse effects of AEDs. The epilepsy characteristics, the AEDs, and the psychological distress could determine a large part of illness perception in epilepsy, with the adverse effects of AEDs being the strongest predictor. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures across the lifespan: An international retrospective study$$$ Purpose: Previous studies from a few countries have reported semiological differences in younger children compared with adolescents or adults with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs). This study tested the hypothesis that semiological, demographic, and historical risk factors vary with different ages of PNES onset in a large cohort from different countries. Methods: In this retrospective study, we investigated patients consecutively referred for PNES, who were admitted to epilepsy monitoring units in Iran, Brazil, Venezuela, Canada, Argentina, and USA. Age, gender, age at seizure onset, seizure semiology, and factors predisposing to PNES (abuse, stressors) were documented according to routine diagnostic practices at each center. Participants were grouped according to their age at onset (i.e., childhood, adolescence, or adulthood). Results: A total of 448 patients were studied. Female predominance was associated with adolescent- (85/122, 70%) and adult-onset (190/270, 70%) but not in childhood-onset PNES (28/56, 50%) (p = 0.011). Event frequency in the month preceding the diagnosis was higher in the childhood- [x¯ = 50, standard deviation (sd) = 82, p = 0.025] versus adolescent- (x¯ = 24, sd = 36) or adult-onset groups (x¯ = 29, sd = 61). Significant between-group differences were observed for generalized body movements (p = 0.0001) and ictal injury (p = 0.027), suggesting more severe ictal presentations in adult-onset PNES compared with younger ages. Adult-onset patients were also more likely to be taking an unnecessary antiepileptic medication (p = 0.010). Conclusion: While PNES may present at any age, there appear to be notable differences across the lifespan with respect to some of the clinical characteristics. Further international and cross-cultural studies may reveal other interesting characteristics of PNES. ER  - 
Optimizing therapies for neurobehavioral comorbidities of epilepsy using chronic ambulatory electrocorticography$$$ There is an unmet need to improve therapy for neuropsychiatric comorbidities that are highly prevalent in persons with epilepsy (PWE). However, diagnosing and monitoring the neurobehavioral symptoms is challenging as their presentation can overlap with seizures. In this retrospective study, we report the advantage of chronic ambulatory electrocorticography (ECoG) from implanted Responsive Neurostimulator System (RNS®) in characterizing these psychosomatic paroxysms as a possible ictal, postictal, or interictal phenomenon and how the diagnosis guided the therapy choices. Five out of 21 patients with RNS had neuropsychiatric symptoms (panic attack, psychosis, conversion, and somatization disorders) that overlapped with their seizure semiology and were found to benefit from the use of RNS ECoG data by timely diagnosing and titrating targeted therapies. The cases illustrate the use of RNS ECoG data in diagnosing and improving the management of comorbidities in PWE. The ability to access RNS ECoG data and correlate it with patient symptoms is unique among available therapeutic options for PWE. ER  - 
Factors associated with obsessive–compulsive symptoms in people with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) is a common but underrecognized psychiatric condition comorbid with epilepsy. We thus investigated clinical factors associated with obsessive–compulsive symptoms (OCS) in adults with epilepsy. Methods: This was a cross-sectional multicenter study in Republic of Korea. Obsessive–compulsive symptoms were assessed using the Obsessive–Compulsive Inventory—Revised (OCI-R). Clinical factors that were assessed included age, sex, seizure-related variables, and the number and use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) prescribed. Data were analyzed by stepwise linear regression and adjusted according to anxiety and depressive symptoms as assessed by Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS). Results: The study population comprised 221 adults with epilepsy (42.1% male, 39.7 ± 11.9 years of age). The mean OCI-R score was 18.0 (standard deviation, 12.7), and an OCI-R score of ≥ 21 was obtained for 40.3% of the study sample. On a stepwise linear regression analysis, epilepsy severity, temporal lobe seizures, the use of topiramate, and the use of lamotrigine were identified as independent factors associated with OCI-R score after adjusting for anxiety according to the HADS. All factors except topiramate usage were positively associated with OCS. The total explained variance was 37.3%. Conclusions: Obsessive–compulsive symptoms are common in persons with epilepsy and are associated with severe epilepsy, temporal lobe seizures, and the use of topiramate and lamotrigine. Specifically, the use of lamotrigine may aggravate OCS, whereas the use of topiramate may have beneficial effects on OCS. ER  - 
Tolerability and efficacy of lacosamide and controlled-release carbamazepine monotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy and concomitant psychiatric conditions: Post hoc analysis of a prospective, randomized, double-blind trial$$$ Psychiatric comorbidities are common in patients with epilepsy. A double-blind noninferiority monotherapy trial (SP0993; NCT01243177) enrolled newly diagnosed patients (≥16 years) with focal or generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Patients were randomized 1:1 to lacosamide or carbamazepine controlled-release (carbamazepine-CR). Here, we report data from an exploratory post hoc analysis of patients who reported ongoing psychiatric conditions (Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities System Organ Class). Of 886 treated patients in the trial, 126 (14.2%; 64 on lacosamide; 62 on carbamazepine-CR) reported at least one ongoing psychiatric condition at screening, most commonly depression (38.1%), insomnia (27.8%), and anxiety (26.2%). In this subgroup, 32/64 (50.0%) patients on lacosamide and 22/62 (35.5%) on carbamazepine-CR completed the trial. The most common reasons for discontinuation in patients on lacosamide and carbamazepine-CR were adverse events (10.9%, 24.2%) and lack of efficacy (18.8%, 11.3%). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were reported in 52 (81.3%) of patients on lacosamide and 56 (90.3%) of patients on carbamazepine-CR, most commonly (≥10% patients in either treatment group; lacosamide, carbamazepine-CR) dizziness (12.5%, 16.1%), headache (12.5%, 14.5%), nasopharyngitis (12.5%, 9.7%), fatigue (7.8%, 14.5%), nausea (7.8%, 11.3%), somnolence (1.6%, 12.9%), and gamma-glutamyltransferase increase (1.6%, 12.9%). Overall, 15 (23.4%) lacosamide-treated and 10 (16.1%) carbamazepine-CR treated patients reported psychiatric TEAEs, most commonly (≥3 patients in either treatment group; lacosamide, carbamazepine-CR) depression (4.7%, 0) and anxiety (3.1%, 6.5%). There were no reports of psychotic disorder, epileptic psychosis, acute psychosis, or serious psychiatric TEAEs. Stratified Kaplan–Meier estimates for 6- and 12-month seizure freedom at the last evaluated dose were similar with lacosamide and carbamazepine-CR (6 months 81.0%, 75.6%; 12 months 62.5%, 66.6%). A higher proportion of patients on lacosamide than carbamazepine-CR completed 6 (67.2%, 45.2%) and 12 months (50.0%, 37.1%) of treatment at the last evaluated dose without a seizure. This exploratory post hoc analysis indicated that lacosamide monotherapy was efficacious and generally well tolerated in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy and concomitant psychiatric conditions. In this subpopulation, lacosamide showed similar efficacy and numerically better effectiveness than carbamazepine-CR. ER  - 
Insomnia symptoms and obesity are associated with aggression independent of depression in patients with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: : There has been little research conducted into aggression in persons with epilepsy (PWE). We determine whether sleep disturbances and obesity are associated with aggression in PWE independent of psychological distress. Methods: : This was a cross-sectional study. The Aggression Questionnaire (AQ-K), the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), and the Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) were utilized in the study. A stepwise linear regression analysis was used. Results: : A total of 104 participants (49% men) were included. Mean AQ-K score was 51.4 (SD 12.6). PHQ-9 scores ≥10 and GAD-7 scores ≥7 were noted in 26.9% and 24.0% of participants, respectively. In a stepwise linear regression model, AQ-K scores were positively associated with PHQ-9 scores ≥10 (p = 0.002), ISI scores (p = 0.007), body mass index (BMI) (p = 0.001), and composite scores of epilepsy severity (p = 0.013). This model explained 46.6% of the variance in the AQ-K. In the subscale analyses, different variables were identified as independent factors associated with different subscales of the AQ-K. For example, physical aggression was related to a PHQ-9 score ≥10, men, and perampanel usage, whereas hostility was related to a GAD-7 score ≥7, polytherapy, and BMI. Conclusions: : Insomnia symptoms and obesity were related to overall aggressive behavior in PWE independent of depressive symptoms. The individual subscales of the AQ were correlated differently with the various factors including male sex, obesity, depressive symptoms, anxiety, insomnia symptoms, epilepsy severity, polytherapy, and the use of perampanel. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of adjunctive cenobamate (YKP3089) in patients with uncontrolled focal seizures: a multicentre, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled, dose-response trial$$$ Background: More than a third of patients with epilepsy are treatment resistant, and thus new, more effective therapies to achieve seizure freedom are needed. Cenobamate (YKP3089), an investigational antiepileptic drug, has shown broad-spectrum anticonvulsant activity in preclinical studies and seizure models. We aimed to evaluate the safety, efficacy, and tolerability of adjunctive cenobamate in patients with uncontrolled focal (partial)-onset epilepsy. Methods: We did a multicentre, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled, dose-response study at 107 epilepsy and neurology centres in 16 countries. Adult patients (aged 18–70 years) with focal seizures despite treatment with 1–3 antiepileptic drugs were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1) via an interactive web response system, by block sizes of 4 within each country, to adjuvant once daily oral cenobamate at dose groups of 100 mg, 200 mg, or 400 mg, or placebo following an 8-week baseline assessment. Patients, investigators, and study personnel were masked to treatment assignment. The study included a 6-week titration phase and 12-week maintenance phase. The primary efficacy outcomes were percentage change in 28-day focal seizure frequency (focal aware motor, focal impaired awareness, or focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures) from baseline analysed in the modified intention-to-treat population (≥1 dose and any post-baseline seizure data) and responder rates (≥50% reduction) analysed in the maintenance phase population (≥1 dose in the maintenance phase and any maintenance phase seizure data). The primary efficacy outcomes were analysed using a hierarchal step-down procedure comparing 200 mg versus placebo, 400 mg versus placebo, then 100 mg versus placebo. Safety and tolerability were compared descriptively across treatment groups for all randomised patients. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01866111. Findings: Between July 31, 2013, and June 22, 2015, 437 patients were randomly assigned to either placebo (n=108) or cenobamate 100 mg (n=108), 200 mg (n=110), or 400 mg (n=111). Of these patients, 434 (106 [98%] in placebo group, 108 [100%] in 100 mg group, 109 [99%] in 200 mg group, and 111 [100%] in 400 mg group) were included in the modified intention-to-treat population, and 397 (102 [94%] in placebo group, 102 [94%] in 100 mg group, 98 [89%] in 200 mg group, and 95 [86%] in 400 mg group) were included in the modified intention-to-treat maintenance phase population. Median percentage changes in seizure frequency were −24·0% (IQR −45·0 to −7·0%) for the placebo group compared with −35·5% (−62·5 to −15·0%; p=0·0071) for the 100 mg dose group, −55·0% (−73·0 to −23·0%; p<0·0001) for the 200 mg dose group, and −55·0% (−85·0 to −28·0%; p<0·0001) for the 400 mg dose group. Responder rates during the maintenance phase were 25% (26 of 102 patients) for the placebo group compared with 40% (41 of 102; odds ratio 1·97, 95% CI 1·08–3·56; p=0·0365) for the 100 mg dose group, 56% (55 of 98; 3·74, 2·06–6·80; p<0·0001) for the 200 mg dose group, and 64% (61 of 95; 5·24, 2·84–9·67; p<0·0001) for the 400 mg dose group. Treatment-emergent adverse events occurred in 76 (70%) of 108 patients in the placebo group, 70 (65%) of 108 in the 100 mg group, 84 (76%) of 110 in the 200 mg group, and 100 (90%) of 111 in the 400 mg group. Treatment-emergent adverse events led to discontinuation in five (5%) patients in the placebo group, 11 (10%) in the 100 mg dose group, 15 (14%) in the 200 mg dose group, and 22 (20%) in the 400 mg dose group. One serious case of drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms occurred in the 200 mg cenobamate group. No deaths were reported. Interpretation: Adjunctive cenobamate reduced focal (partial)-onset seizure frequency, in a dose-related fashion. Treatment-emergent adverse events were most frequent in the highest dose group. Cenobamate appears to be an effective treatment option in patients with uncontrolled focal seizures. Funding: SK Life Science. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures that remit when the diagnosis is given: Just good luck?$$$ Objective: Some patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) remit when given the diagnosis. It is not realistically possible to test this potential therapeutic effect in an Randomized Controlled Trial (RCT) so we aim to statistically demonstrate it using the temporal relationship between the communication of the diagnosis and the timing of remission. Method: Re-analysis of data from a study of PNES, where diagnosis was communicated, and outcomes recorded in 54 patients. Making conservative assumptions and using the binomial distribution, the Poisson distribution and the chi-squared test distribution, we calculated likelihoods of the null hypothesis: that communication of the diagnosis and remission of seizures had occurred in random temporal relationship. Results: Remission occurred in the week following communication of the diagnosis in 15 out of 54 patients. The χ2 test assigned this result a p value of < 0.00001. Binomial and Poisson distribution calculations also indicated that remission was highly unlikely to have occurred by chance and that, in a dataset similar to ours, was unlikely to be due to chance if occurring in more than 9 patients (16.7%). Conclusions: We showed that the observed remissions were highly unlikely to be due to chance. Where an intervention is ‘short and sharp’ and the outcome can be measured with reasonable temporal acuity, then this type of method may provide an alternative to RCT methodology when the latter is impracticable. ER  - 
Drug therapy problems and treatment satisfaction among ambulatory patients with epilepsy in a specialized hospital in Ethiopia$$$ Objective Epilepsy management especially in developing country is challenging. Seizures recurrence can be caused by both drug and non-drug related problems such as inadequate antiepileptic regimens, adverse drug reaction and poor adherence. Patient treatment satisfaction also affects the treatment out comes by improving medication adherence. This study aimed to assess drug therapy problems (DTPs) and treatment satisfaction among ambulatory epileptic patients at Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital. Methods A prospective cross-sectional study was conducted on 291 epileptic patients. Data was collected through patient interview and medical charts review. DTPs were identified based on the standard treatment guidelines and Micromedex® was used as drug interaction checker. Cipolle DTPs classification was used to classify the DTPs and Treatment Satisfaction with Medicine Questionnaire (SATMED-Q) was used to assess treatment satisfaction. Binary logistic regressions were utilized to identify the associated factors. Results Phenobarbital 195 (67%) and phenytoin 97 (33.3%) were the most frequently prescribed antiepileptic medications as monotherapy or combination therapy. Only 54 (18.6%) of the study participants had controlled seizure. DTP was found in 205(70.4%) of the study participants. From 352 DTPs identified, adverse drug reaction 146 (41.5%) was the leading DTPs followed by ineffective drugs 98 (27.8%) drug interaction 45 (12.8%) and inappropriate dose 42(11.9%). Headache, depression and epigastric pain were frequently reported adverse drug reaction. Among the study participants 167 (57.3%) were adherent to their medications. The number of medications taken by the patients had significant association with occurrence of DTPs, whereas source of medication and seizure free periods were found to have significant association with poor adherence. The global patient satisfaction was (67.4%) and lower satisfaction rate was found with regard to impact on daily activities (62.0%), treatment effectiveness (64.7%) and medical care (65.9%). Conclusion Prevalence of DTPs among ambulatory epileptic patients was high and about half of the patients were nona-dherent for their medication. The overall treatment satisfaction of the patients was suboptimal. ER  - 
Medical conditions predictive of self-reported poor health: Retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Identifying the medical conditions that are associated with poor health is crucial to prioritize decisions for future research and organizing care. However, assessing the burden of disease in the general population is complex, lengthy, and expensive. Claims databases that include self-reported health status can be used to assess the impact of medical conditions on the health in a population. Objective: This study aimed to identify medical conditions that are highly predictive of poor health status using claims databases. Methods: To determine the medical conditions most highly predictive of poor health status, we used a retrospective cohort study using 2 US claims databases. Subjects were commercially insured patients. Health status was measured using a self-report health status response. All medical conditions were included in a least absolute shrinkage and selection operator regression model to assess which conditions were associated with poor versus excellent health. Results: A total of 1,186,871 subjects were included; 61.64% (731,587/1,186,871) reported having excellent or very good health. The leading medical conditions associated with poor health were cancer-related conditions, demyelinating disorders, diabetes, diabetic complications, psychiatric illnesses (mood disorders and schizophrenia), sleep disorders, seizures, male reproductive tract infections, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, cardiomyopathy, dementia, and headaches. Conclusions: Understanding the impact of disease in a commercially insured population is critical to identify subjects who may be at risk for reduced productivity and job loss. Claims database studies can measure the impact of medical conditions on the health status in a population and to assess changes overtime and could limit the need to collect prospective collection of information, which is slow and expensive, to assess disease burden. Leading medical conditions associated with poor health in a commercially insured population were the ones associated with high burden of disease such as cancer-related conditions, demyelinating disorders, diabetes, diabetic complications, psychiatric illnesses (mood disorders and schizophrenia), infections, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, cardiomyopathy, and dementia. However, sleep disorders, seizures, male reproductive tract infections, and headaches were also part of the leading medical conditions associated with poor health that had not been identified before as being associated with poor health and deserve more attention. ER  - 
Fluoxetine to improve functional outcomes in patients after acute stroke: The focus rct$$$ Background: Our Cochrane review of selective serotonin inhibitors for stroke recovery indicated that fluoxetine may improve functional recovery, but the trials were small and most were at high risk of bias. Objectives: The Fluoxetine Or Control Under Supervision (FOCUS) trial tested the hypothesis that fluoxetine improves recovery after stroke. Design: The FOCUS trial was a pragmatic, multicentre, parallel-group, individually randomised, placebo-controlled trial. Setting: This trial took place in 103 UK hospitals. Participants: Patients were eligible if they were aged ≥ 18 years, had a clinical stroke diagnosis, with focal neurological deficits, between 2 and 15 days after onset. Interventions: Patients were randomly allocated 20 mg of fluoxetine once per day or the matching placebo for 6 months via a web-based system using a minimisation algorithm. Main outcome measures: The primary outcome was the modified Rankin Scale at 6 months. Patients, carers, health-care staff and the trial team were masked to treatment allocation. Outcome was assessed at 6 and 12 months after randomisation. Patients were analysed by their treatment allocation as specified in a published statistical analysis plan. Results: Between 10 September 2012 and 31 March 2017, we recruited 3127 patients, 1564 of whom were allocated fluoxetine and 1563 of whom were allocated placebo. The modified Rankin Scale score at 6 months was available for 1553 out of 1564 (99.3%) of those allocated fluoxetine and 1553 out of 1563 (99.4%) of those allocated placebo. The distribution across modified Rankin Scale categories at 6 months was similar in the two groups (common odds ratio adjusted for minimisation variables 0.951, 95% confidence interval 0.839 to 1.079; p = 0.439). Compared with placebo, patients who were allocated fluoxetine were less likely to develop a new episode of depression by 6 months [210 (13.0%) vs. 269 (16.9%), difference –3.78%, 95% confidence interval –1.26% to –6.30%; p = 0.003], but had more bone fractures [45 (2.9%) vs. 23 (1.5%), difference 1.41%, 95% confidence interval 0.38% to 2.43%; p = 0.007]. There were no statistically significant differences in any other recorded events at 6 or 12 months. Health economic analyses showed no differences between groups in health-related quality of life, hospital bed usage or health-care costs. Limitations: Some non-adherence to trial medication, lack of face-to-face assessment of neurological status at follow-up and lack of formal psychiatric diagnosis during follow-up. Conclusions: 20 mg of fluoxetine daily for 6 months after acute stroke did not improve patients’ functional outcome but decreased the occurrence of depression and increased the risk of fractures. These data inform decisions about using fluoxetine after stroke to improve functional outcome or to prevent or treat mood disorders. The Assessment oF FluoxetINe In sTroke recoverY (AFFINITY) (Australasia/Vietnam) and Efficacy oF Fluoxetine – a randomisEd Controlled Trial in Stroke (EFFECTS) (Sweden) trials recruited an additional 2780 patients and will report their results in 2020. These three trials have an almost identical protocol, which was collaboratively developed. Our planned individual patient data meta-analysis will provide more precise estimates of the effects of fluoxetine after stroke and indicate whether or not effects vary depending on patients’ characteristics and health-care setting. Trial registration: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN83290762. ER  - 
Intrathecal Infusion of Autologous Adipose-Derived Regenerative Cells in Autoimmune Refractory Epilepsy: Evaluation of Safety and Efficacy$$$ Objective/Purpose. Evaluation of efficacy and safety of autologous adipose-derived regenerative cells (ADRCs) treatment in autoimmune refractory epilepsy. Patients. Six patients with proven or probable autoimmune refractory epilepsy (2 with Rasmussen encephalitis, 2 with antineuronal autoantibodies in serum, and 2 with possible FIRES) were included in the project with approval of the Bioethics Committee. Method. Intrathecal injection of autologous ADRC acquired through liposuction followed by enzymatic isolation was performed. The procedure was repeated 3 times every 3 months with each patient. Neurological status, brain MRI, cognitive function, and antiepileptic effect were monitored during 12 months. Results. Immediately after the procedure, all patients were in good condition. In some cases, transient mildly elevated body temperature, pain in regions of liposuction, and slight increasing number of seizures during 24 hours were observed. During the next months, some improvements in school, social functioning, and manual performance were observed in all patients. One patient has been seizure free up to the end of trial. In other patients, frequency of seizures was different: from reduced number to the lack of improvement (3-year follow-up). Conclusion. Autologous ADRC therapy may emerge as a promising option for some patients with autoimmune refractory epilepsy. Based on our trial and other clinical data, the therapy appears to be safe and feasible. Antiepileptic efficacy proved to be various; however, some abilities improved in all children. No signs of psychomotor regression were observed during the first year following the treatment. ER  - 
In patients with mild-to-moderate copd, Tobacco smoking, and not COPD, is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular comorbidity$$$ Background: Comorbidities including cardiovascular diseases are very common in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) secondary to tobacco smoking and contribute to the overall severity of the disease. In non-smoking COPD, which accounts for about 25% of COPD cases worldwide, current knowledge on the frequency and determinants of comorbid-ities remains scarce. The aims of the current study were to assess the frequency of major comorbidities and to evaluate their determinants in a group of non-selected patients with mild-to-moderate COPD who were exposed to organic dust (dairy farmers), to tobacco smoking, or to both, and in controls without COPD who were exposed to organic dust (dairy farmers), or to tobacco smoking, or to both, or who were without exposure. Patients and Methods: A total of 4665 subjects (2323 dairy farmers and 2342 non-farmers) including 355 patients with COPD and 4310 controls with normal spirometry were recruited through a large COPD screening program. Self-reported physician-diagnosed diseases with plausible links to COPD were recorded in this cross-sectional study. Results: Whatever the exposure, cardiovascular comorbidities were not more frequent in patients with COPD than their counterparts without airflow limitation. A higher risk of major cardiovascular comorbidities was associated with tobacco smoking and a lower risk was associated with exposure to organic dusts. Conclusion: Tobacco smoking (but not COPD) is associated with higher frequency of cardiovascular comorbidities. By contrast, being a dairy farmer exposed to organic dusts is associated with a lower frequency of the same comorbidities. This reinforces the crucial need for controlling established cardiovascular risk factors even in patients with mild-to-moderate COPD. ER  - 
Common mental illness among epilepsy patients in Bahir Dar city, Ethiopia: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background Common mental illness has a substantial impact on seizure control and negatively affects the overall quality of life among individuals with epilepsy. However, there is a dearth of studies that examined the associated factors of common mental illness among epilepsy patients in Ethiopia, particularly in the study area. This study aimed to assess the magnitude and factors associated with common mental disorders in epilepsy patients who attended government health institutions in Bahir Dar city, Ethiopia. Method Health institution based cross-sectional study was conducted using a systematic sampling technique among people living with epilepsy in Bahir Dar City Administration. Common mental illness was assessed using a self-reporting questionnaire and a semi-structured questionnaire was employed to collect data on socio-demographic and clinical related characteristics. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, univariate logistic regression, and multivariable logistic regression. Results The magnitude of comorbid common mental illness among people living with epilepsy was found 35.4%. High magnitude of common mental illness was reported among females (39.9%) when compared to males (32.3%). The most prevalent common mental disorders symptoms include being worried, unhappy feeling, trouble thinking clearly, and difficult to enjoy daily activities. Family history of epilepsy, frequent seizures attacks, side effects of antiepileptic drugs, lack of social support and not adherent to antiepileptic drugs were factors associated with common mental illness. Conclusions Common mental illness was found to be prevalent among people living with epilepsy. Therefore, it is recommended that great attention should be given to mental illness besides controlling seizure attacks. ER  - 
An intensive education program for caregivers ameliorates anxiety, depression, and quality of life in patients with drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy and mesial temporal sclerosis who underwent cortico-amygdalohippocampectomy$$$ This study aimed to investigate the effect of a caregiver intensive education program (CIEP) on anxiety, depression, and quality of life (QOL) in patients with drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy and mesial temporal sclerosis (TLE-MTS) who underwent cortico-amygdalohippocampectomy (CAH). Ninety patients with drug-resistant TLE-MTS who underwent CAH and their caregivers were recruited and randomly allocated to the CIEP group or control group as 1:1 ratio. Caregivers received the CIEP program or routine guidance/education (control group). Anxiety/depression and QOL in patients at month (M)0, M1, M3, and M6 were assessed by the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) scale and the QOL in Epilepsy Inventory-31 (QOLIE-31), respectively. Treatment efficacy at M6 was assessed by Engel classification. The HADS-anxiety score at M3 (P=0.049) and M6 (P=0.028), HADS-anxiety score change (M6-M0) (P=0.001), percentage of anxiety patients at M6 (P=0.025), and anxiety severity at M6 (P=0.011) were all decreased in the CIEP group compared with the control group. The HADS-depression score at M6 (P=0.033) and HADS-depression score change (M6-M0) (P=0.022) were reduced, while percentage of depression patients at M6 (P=0.099) and depression severity at M6 (P=0.553) showed no difference in the CIEP group compared with the control group. The QOLIE-31 score at M6 (P=0.043) and QOLIE-31 score change (M6-M0) (P=0.010) were both elevated in the CIEP group compared with the control group. In conclusion, CIEP for caregivers contributed to the recovery of anxiety and depression as well as the improvement of QOL in patients with drug-resistant TLE-MTS who underwent CAH. ER  - 
Comorbidity of adult people with epilepsy in thailand$$$ Background: There have been no previous studies about comorbidities among adult people with epilepsy in Thailand. Objective: To identify the most common comorbid condition among adult people with epilepsy in Thailand. Materials and Methods: The present study retrospectively explored Thai national data for reimbursements related to comorbidities among epileptic patients 18 years of age or older who were admitted for care between the fiscal years 2004 to 2012. People with epilepsy were searched for and identified using the ICD-10 code (G40) from the national database maintained by the Universal Health Coverage Insurance Office. Comorbid diseases were explored among eligible patients. Results: Among the 139,867 adult people with epilepsy found, the top five most common comorbid conditions were hypertensive disease (10%), diabetes mellitus (4.6%), traumatic brain injury (2.8%), stroke (2.3%), and psychosis (1.9%). Conclusion: Hypertension was the most common comorbid condition among adult people with epilepsy in Thailand. Therefore, outside of previous attention on neurologic or psychiatric comorbid conditions, this study provides new and interesting information concerning comorbidities in epilepsy and useful data for planning care of people with epilepsy in the future. ER  - 
Incidence and outcomes of hospitalized adult patients with epilepsy: A national data report from Thailand$$$ Background: The national database of hospitalized adult patients with epilepsy in Thailand is limited in terms of the incidence, characteristics of the demographic, outcomes, and prognostic factors. Objective: To investigate the incidence, characteristics of the demographic, outcomes, and prognostic factors of hospitalized adult patients with epilepsy in Thailand. Materials and Methods: The retrospectively explored national data. The studied group was adult in-patients with epilepsy (over 18 years of age) in Thailand. The ICD10 code (G40) was used to identify eligible patients. Data from the reimbursement documents, which had been submitted by the hospitals under health insurance coverage; universal coverage, social welfare, and government welfare during the fiscal years of 2005 to 2014. Results: The total number of in-patients adult with epilepsy was 330,944 cases. Most common in males with 208,935 cases (63.13%), and the average age was 45.86 years. The incidence rate of hospitalized adult patients with epilepsy has been increasing every year lowest at 4.86 patients/10,000/years in 2005 and highest at 9.01 patients/10,000/years in 2013. The average cumulative incidence of hospitalized adult patients with epilepsy is 7.27 patients/10,000/year. On discharge, the in-hospital mortality rate was 2.98%. The most common co-morbidities were hypertension (49,610 cases, 14.99%). The most common complication was pneumonia (10,223 cases 3.09%). Age, co-morbid conditions and complications were found to be significantly associated with poor outcomes (p<0.001). Conclusion: The incidence rate of hospitalized adult patients with epilepsy in Thailand has been increasing tendency. The most common comorbidities were hypertension. Age, co-morbidity conditions, and complications were associated with poor outcomes. These findings will be crucial for the development of epilepsy services and important data for nurses in planning effective nursing care and interventions for the physical and psychosocial problems of the patients. ER  - 
Demographic, clinical and forensic characteristics of alleged offenders referred to West End Specialised Hospital, Kimberley, South Africa$$$ The study investigated demographic, clinical and forensic characteristics of alleged offenders referred for forensic assessment. A data collection form was used to gather information from 155 offenders' clinical records. The subjects were mainly young males, aged between 18 and 35 years, with low educational levels and high unemployment rate. The most common diagnoses were substance-related and addictive disorders, and schizophrenia spectrum and other psychotic disorders. A sizeable number of offenders were diagnosed with an intellectual disability. The comorbidity of other medical conditions such as epilepsy and HIV/AIDS was also noteworthy. In total, 55.5% of the offenders were found competent to stand trial, and 46.5% were declared criminally responsible. Offenders presenting with schizophrenia and intellectual disabilities were often declared incompetent to stand trial and were generally not responsible for alleged crimes. There was association between adjudicative competence and criminal responsibility. The results highlight effect of substances on mental illness and crime. ER  - 
Determination and characterization of drug induced insomnia in patients with hypertension: Prevalence, factors and management strategies to improve quality of life$$$ Use of antihypertensive medications may cause insomnia after prolong use and central ner-vous system adverse effects. Drug induced insomnia in patients who are on chronic use of antihypertensive medications is a well-identified problem but data are limited on relative risk of insomnia in Pakistan. Cur-rent cross sectional study was planned to investigate the outcome of distinctive categories of antihyperten-sive products on sleep disturbances. In this study the enrolled sample size was comprised of 100 hyperten-sive patients from two cardiac units of tertiary care setups from Karachi, Pakistan. Monitoring and data collection of this cohort was conducted between January to December 2019. A pre-coded questionnaire was designed to record patient’s characteristic and drug history. A sleeping disorder scale known as insomnia severity index (ISI) was utilized to decide the danger of creating moderate to extreme rest apnea separately. It was observed that patients prescribed with beta blockers and statins in combination demon-strated fundamentally expanded sleep issue and attain high score in ISI index rather to the individuals who were on beta blockers alone or with Angiotensinogen receptor blockers (ARB) or angiotensinogen converting enzymes (ACEs). Moreover partial correlation value between ISI scoring and utilization of an-tihypertensive medications showing insignificant gender effect or no impact on a sleeping disorder fre-quency anyway antihypertensive medications have noteworthy relation with ISI scores in the light of par-ticle correlation values. The consequences of present investigation recommend that utilization of antihy-pertensive medications particularly beta blockers connected with rest apnea in case of prolong exposure and impact quality of sleep and in turns quality of life. ER  - 
Medication-precipitated seizure in psychiatric patients: Typical vs. atypical antipsychotics$$$ Backgrounds: It is unknown whether second-generation antipsychotics are safer than first-generation antipsychotics in terms of seizure induction. Objective: In the present assessment, the relationships between the incidence of seizure attacks among a great sample of non-western psychiatric inpatients and prescribed typical and atypical antipsychotics have been probed and analyzed based on the existing data in the literature. Methods: Razi psychiatric hospital, as one of the largest and oldest public psychiatric hospitals in the Middle East, had been selected as the field of study in the present retrospective estimation. For assessment, all inpatients that had suffered a seizure during the last sixtyfour months had been included in the current study. Results: Among seventy-four patients who had experienced seizure attack during the inpatient management, and had been prescribed antipsychotics for symptomatic management of primary psychiatric disorders, 67.56% had received atypical antipsychotic and the remaining (32.43%) had received typical antipsychotics, which revealed a significant quantitative difference between them (p<0.000). Among atypical antipsychotics, olanzapine was the most recommended antipsychotic (33.78%), followed by risperidone (34%), quetiapine (9.45%), and clozapine (n=1, 1.35%). Among typical antipsychotics, too, haloperidol (28.37%) was significantly more prescribed than chlorpromazine (2.70%) and thioridazine (1.35%) (p<0.000). By the way, there was no significant difference, quantitatively, between olanzapine and haloperidol in the present evaluation (p<0.47). Conclusion: Atypical antipsychotics have comparable potentiality, as typical antipsychotics, for triggering seizure attacks, which demands indispensable cautiousness by clinicians when prescribing such a group of medications for epileptic and neuropsychiatric patients. ER  - 
Clinical Features, Therapeutic Trends, and Outcome of Giant Prolactinomas: A Single-Center Experience Over a 12-Year Period$$$ Background: Management of giant prolactinomas presents a different challenge than the management of traditional prolactinomas. Objective: The aim of this study was to report the largest long-term single-center study of giant prolactinomas to analyze their clinical features; define epidemiological characteristics, comorbidities, complications, treatment outcomes; and to demonstrate our experience with long-term cabergoline (CAB) treatment of these giant tumors. Methods: A retrospective case study and clinical review of patients presenting with giant prolactinomas in the pituitary clinic at King Fahad Medical City (KFMC), Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, in the period between 2006 and 2018 were included in the study. Of the charts reviewed, 33 patients (24 men; 9 women) with age of diagnosis between 18 and 63 years (mean = 37.21 years) met the selection criteria for giant prolactinomas. Result: The most common presenting features include headache (87.8%), visual defects (69.7%), and hypogonadism (51.5%). The baseline means serum prolactin (PRL) level was extremely high for both sexes (95 615.03 nmol/L), which eventually decreased by as much as 95.4% after CAB treatment. Serum PRL concentrations completely normalized in 11 patients and significantly reduced in 22 patients. The mean tumor volume at baseline was 42.87 cm3, whereas the mean posttreatment tumor volume was 3.42 cm3 (no residual tumor in 2 patients, while in others, it ranged from 0.11 to 16.7 cm3) at the last follow-up visit. The mean change in tumor volume was 88.84%. Tumor volume decreased by an average of 92% for men and 80.4% for women. One patient had no tumor size change with CAB (3.5 mg thrice a week) or radiotherapy and required surgery. The response rate (remission after medical therapy alone) in this series was 84.84%. Conclusions: Findings reinforce results from our previous study that CAB provides dramatic clinical improvements with an excellent safety profile. The CAB should, therefore, be considered as the primary therapy for giant prolactinomas. ER  - 
Status dystonicus, oculogyric crisis and paroxysmal dyskinesia in a 25 year-old woman with a novel KCNMA1 variant, K457E$$$ The diagnosis of a paroxysmal dyskinesia is difficult and status dystonicus is a rare life threatening movement disorder characterised by severe, frequent or continuous episodes of dystonic spasms. A 25 year old woman with chronic ataxia and paroxysmal dyskinesia presented with facial twitching, writhing of arms, oculogyric crisis and visual and auditory hallucinations. She developed respiratory failure and was ventilated. No cause was found so whole exome sequencing was performed and this revealed a novel, non-synonymous heterozygous variant in exon 11 of the KCNMA1 gene, K457E (c 1369A>G) in the patient but not her parents. This variant has not been previously reported in gnomAD or ClinVar. The finding of a de novo variant in a potassium channel gene guided a trial of the potassium channel antagonist 3,4 diaminopyridine resulting in significant improvement, discharge from the intensive care unit and ultimately home. ER  - 
Comparison of the efficacy of tegatard and tegretol as a monotherapy in patients with focal seizure with or without secondary generalization$$$ Background: Carbamazepine is a first line treatment for focal epilepsy. Tegretol and Tegatard are two trade name of Carbamazepine. Tegretol is produced by Novartis Pharmaceutical Company, Switzerland. Recently, Raha pharmaceutical Company in Iran has produced CBZ which trade named is Tegatard. Extended usage of Tegatard instead of Tegretol has economic benefits for Iranian families. In this clinical trial, we aimed to compare therapeutic efficacy and safety of Tegretol and Tegatard in patients suffering from focal seizures with or without secondary generalization. Methods: 200 patients with provoked or non-provoked focal seizure with or without secondary generalization were screened and 180 patients were fulfilled the criteria to enter this double blinded clinical trial study. Patients were divided into two groups, the first group (A) received Tegretol and the second group (B) Tegatard. Carbamazepine (CBZ) was prescribed with doses 10-20 mg/kg every 12 hours by neurologists. The patients were visited after 1, 3 and 6 months and the side effects and lab data in patients were investigated. Results: Patients were divided into two groups, 88 patients in group A (Tegretol) (50 males and 38 females) and 92 in group B (Tegatard) (51 males and 41 females). Mean age of patients was 35.39±11.17 years. There was no significant difference according to age and gender, Carbamazepine dosage, EEG recording, neuroimaging change and adverse effects of antiepileptic drug between two groups (P>0.05). Regarding the drug efficacy, in group A and B, 60 (68%) and 58 (63%) patients were seizure free after 6 month follow up; respectively. The differences between two groups were not statistically significant (P value =0.46). Conclusion: Tegatard is an effective drug with similar efficacy, similar side effects and cost-effectiveness compared with Tegretol and could be used widely when indicated. ER  - 
Clinical profile of mortality among chronic schizophrenic patients: A local pilot survey in iran$$$ Background: Many scholars believe that mental disorders may increase the risk of mortality among psychiatric patients in comparison with ordinary people. Unfortunately, since there is no systematic psychiatric case register system in Iran, a precise study of the rate of mortality of psychiatric patients in Iran is not easy. Objective: The objective of the current study included estimation of the rate of mortality and clinical profile of the died patients in a group of non-western aged schizophrenic patients. Methods: Senior section of Razi psychiatric hospital was selected as the specific field of investiga-tion, and all elderly schizophrenic patients (≥65 years old), who had been hospitalized there, were nominated as the accessible sample and estimated with respect to the objectives of the present as-sessment. For survey, all deaths in the said district, which had occurred throughout the last sixty months (April of 2014-August 2019), had been listed by the supervisor of the mortality committee of the hospital. The clinical diagnosis was based on ‘Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders’, 5th edition, criteria. Results: Among 840 chronic elderly schizophrenic patients, 69 deaths were registered by the mortality committee of the hospital. As evident by the results, the annual rate of mortality among elderly schizophrenic patients in the present assessment was around 0.015 (0.15 per 1,000 individuals per year) and 0.017 (0.17 per 1,000 individuals per year) among male and female aged patients, respec-tively, which was significantly lower than the native crude death rate. While the average age of the expired female patients was significantly longer than male cases, the life expectancy of both male and female patients was significantly shorter than the life expectancy of native people. Besides, while among the present sample of old schizophrenics cardiac disease was the main leading cause of death, other causes, like violence, suicide, road traffic accidents, falls, fires, drug use, tuberculosis, drowning, epilepsy, and Parkinson’s disease were not liable at all. Conclusion: While the rate of mortality among aged schizophrenics was significantly lower than the native crude death rate, the age of the expired female patients was significantly longer than the male cases and the life expectancy of both male and female patients was significantly shorter than the life expectancy of native people. Cardiac disorder was the leading cause of death among the present sample of aged schizophrenics. ER  - 
A case-control study about autism spectrum disorder and familiar history of mental disorders$$$ Objective: To investigate the association between ASD and cooccurrences of psychiatric disorders among relatives of children/adolescents from northern Minas Gerais, Brazil. Methods: A case-control study was performed, consisting of 248 individuals with ASD (cases) and 886 neurotypical controls. A semi-structured questionnaire and the multiple logistic regression model were adopted in the data analysis. To estimate the magnitude of associations, the crude and adjusted odds ratio (OR) was used. Results: There was a positive and significant association between ASD and the presence of relatives with: any psychiatric disorder (OR: 3.68; 95% confidence interval [95%CI]: 2.68-5.05), with ASD (OR: 3,37; 95%CI: 2.09-5.43), with ADHD (OR: 2.19; 95%CI: 1.41-3.39) and epilepsy (OR: 1.91; 95%CI: 1.20-2.98). Conclusion: This study suggests that children/adolescents with ASD have a higher chance of family history of psychiatric disorders, especially ASD, ADHD and epilepsy. These findings may have important implications for both Clinical Psychiatry and Public Health, as they can be used to form a clinical profile of people with psychiatric disorders who are at risk of having a family member with ASD. ER  - 
MDMA-related presentations to the emergency departments of the European Drug Emergencies Network plus (Euro-DEN Plus) over the four-year period 2014–2017$$$ Context: 3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) remains one of the most commonly used recreational drugs in Europe. Monitoring of Emergency Department (ED) presentations with acute toxicity associated with MDMA is important to determine trends in MDMA use and harms. Methods: Data were extracted from the European Drug Emergencies Network (Euro-DEN) Plus database for all ED presentations with acute toxicity involving MDMA use, alone or in combination with other substances, between 1 January 2014 and 31 December 2017. Geographical distribution, time trends, patient demographics, clinical features, management and outcome were analysed. Results: Out of 23,947 presentations, 2013 (8.4%) involved MDMA, used alone (88, 4.4%) or with other substances (1925, 95.6%). The proportion of MDMA presentations varied by country, from over 15% in France to less than 5% in Norway. For the 15 sentinel centres where data were available for all four years, MDMA-related presentations peaked in 2016 (10.4% versus 8.1% in 2015, p < 0.0001), thereafter decreasing in 2017 (8.2%, p = 0.0002). 1436 (71.3%) presentations involved males. Females were significantly younger than males (median 23 years, interquartile range, IQR, 20–27 years, versus median 25 years, IQR 21–30 years, p < 0.0001). Compared to presentations of acute toxicity with lone-use cocaine, presentations with lone-use MDMA occurred more frequently during the weekend (58.0% versus 43.9%, p = 0.02), were more frequently medically discharged directly from the ED (74.7% versus 62.4%, p = 0.03), and less frequently received sedation (43.5% versus 66.5%, p = 0.003). Conclusions: This large multicentre series of MDMA presentations to EDs showed geographical variation and changes in time trends and in patient demographics. Triangulation with data from complementary sources including seizures, prevalence of use and wastewater analysis, will enable a greater understanding of the public health implications of MDMA use in Europe. ER  - 
Medical hypnotic management associated with drug dependence in patients with insomnia and neurological disorders$$$ Objectives: We aimed to investigate the demographics and medical management factors associated with dependence on hypnotics among outpatients with neurological disorders and insomnia. Methods: We reviewed electronic medical records of patients who received an initial hypnotic prescription between January 2014 and January 2016 and had later visited a neurological outpatient clinic before January 2018. We assessed patient demographics, the effectiveness of hypnotics, prescription periods, and hypnotic intake methods during the follow-up period. Results: Of 242 patients diagnosed with insomnia, we enrolled 114 patients (more women than men, at 61.4 versus 38.6%) who visited outpatient clinics regularly during the follow-up period. The mean age at onset was 65.8 ± 14.4 years. The most frequent neurological disorder was cerebrovascular disease, followed by neurodegenerative disease. During the 2-year period, 35.9% of participants remained hypnotics-free. Patients on zolpidem showed significantly greater insomnia improvement with hypnotic discontinuation than those on benzodiazepines and combination therapy (p=0.004). However, the type of hypnotics and demographic factors were not found to be independent risk factors. Multivariable analysis showed that longer periods between regular visits and a lower ratio of receiving number of pills to the time interval (days) between regular visits were independent risk factors for dependence on hypnotics. Conclusions: We found that low-dose and/or intermittent intake of hypnotics as well as frequent doctor visits could prevent dependence on hypnotics. It is important to establish the best practical guidelines for medical hypnotics management in outpatient primary care settings, including neurological clinics. ER  - 
Profile of intoxications served at the 24-hour emergency service unit$$$ Intoxications represent a serious public health problem. According to the World Health Organization, 193,000 deaths per year are caused by unintended intoxications worldwide. This study aims to know the profile of intoxications at the 24-hour Emergency Service Unit in Divinópolis, in the state of Minas Gerais. This is a descriptive study in which the study population chosen were all patients treated for intoxications in the period from 2017 to 2018, registered in the health service; 421 cases of intoxications were recorded. The female gender was the most prevalent, and the age group with the most cases was 21 to 30 years. The main circumstance found was attempted suicide (83.1%), and the main causative agent was drugs (76.5%), with benzodiazepines being the main class responsible for intoxications. The most used treatment was gastric lavage and activated charcoal. This study demonstrates that knowledge about the city's intoxication profile is important for the development of treatment and patient management methods to better suit the demands of the municipality. ER  - 
Clinical and demographic characteristics of children and adolescents with acute vertigo symptoms: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background/aim: Vertigo is one of the rarely diagnosed disorders during childhood due to insufficient description of the children regarding their experiences to the physicians. The clinical features of children and adolescents admitted by acute vertigo symptoms were investigated to elaborate the subject retrospectively. Materials and methods: Between January 2017–July 2019, records of cases admitted with acute vertigo complaints to pediatric neurology were retrospectively examined. Results: Of 761 patients, mean age was 13.8 years, 64% (n = 487) were women, 22.6% (n = 172) of which were children (1–11 years). A total of 37.3% of the cases (n = 284) had unknown etiology of acute vertigo symptoms, 39.6% (n = 301) had acute vertigo, and 23.1% (n = 176) were considered with no organicity problems but a group of the families stopped cooperating to the full extent in the study. Among all the patients, 25.6% (195/761) had paroxymal vertigo, 6.8% (52/761) had migraine-associated vertigo, 4.5% (34/761) had psychogenic vertigo, and 2.6% (20/761) had epileptic vertigo. Epileptic vertigo was significantly higher in younger children (mean age = 10.6, F(3) = 8874, P < .001), and the ratio of its occurence was also higher among children (60%, χ2 (3) = 20.347, P < .001). Conclusion: Vertigo complaints are 1.7 times more common among the girls. Epileptic vertigo is significantly higher among the children. Among younger children, it seems important to consider epilepsy when vertigo emerged. ER  - 
State patients who committed violent crimes and were admitted to weskoppies hospital from 2005 to 2014: Profiles and trends$$$ Background: Most of the available literature focus on characteristics of violent offenders and trends of crime patterns in the general population. The crime trends in the population of those who may be mentally ill have not been well described. Aim: To describe the profiles and trends of mentally ill persons who committed violent crimes prior to admission as state patients. Setting: The study was conducted at Weskoppies Psychiatric Hospital. Method: A retrospective record review of state patients admitted between 2005 and 2014 was conducted to describe demographic, clinical, forensic and victim profiles of state patients admitted from 2005 to 2014. Trends over time were also assessed. Results: Hundred and seventy state patient files were reviewed. The majority were males (91.43%), with a history of substance use (55.0%) %), previous psychiatric treatment (46.4%), and diagnosed with a psychotic disorder (82.1%). The 10 year trend showed that murder was the leading charge during 2006 and 2007. It was surpassed by sexual assault crimes as the most common charge after 2007, except for 2009 when murder was again the most common. From 2010 onward, sexual assault remained the most common offence leading to admission as a state patient. Conclusion: This study found changes over time in crime patterns of state patients who committed murder and sexual assault. State patients may have different criminal patterns than the general public. This together with the high rates of substance use and previous psychiatric treatment can be important focus areas for future research. ER  - 
Quality of life and associated factors among patients with epilepsy attending outpatient department of saint amanuel mental specialized hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 2019$$$ Background: Epilepsy is strongly associated with an impaired quality of life. Patients suffering from epilepsy have a poorer quality of life than both the general population and many other chronic disease sufferers. However, attention is not given on the quality of life of people with epilepsy other than focusing on symptom reduction. This increases the frequency of seizures, impacts on the ability to perform and increases health-related costs. The aim of this study was to assess quality of life and associated factors among patients with epilepsy attending the outpatient department of Amanuel Mental Specialized Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Methods: An institution-based cross-sectional study design was conducted between May and June 2019 at Amanuel Mental Specialized Hospital. A systematic random sampling technique was used to get a total number of 447 samples. Data on quality of life was assessed through interviews using the World Health Organization Quality of Life—Brief (WHOQOL-BREF) Version. The collected data were coded, entered into EpiData 3.1, and analyzed by using SPSS version 20. Simple and multiple linear regression analysis models were fitted and the unstandardized β coefficient at 95% confidence interval was employed. The statistical significance was accepted at p-value <0.05. Results: The mean score of quality of life was 61.1±11.6 (95%CI: 59.05, 61.23). Perceived stigma (β=−2.13, 95%CI:–2.96, −1.30), frequent seizure (β=−3.16, 95%CI:-4.27, −2.04), AED adherence (β=1.24, 95%CI: 1.10, 1.30), antiepileptic drug side effect (β=−0.32, 95%CI:-0.38, −0.26), anxiety (β-1.91, 95%CI: –2.95, −0.86), depression (β=−3.59, 95%CI: –4.67, −2.52), poor social support (β=−2.51, 95%CI: –3.62, −1.40) and moderate social support (β=−1.60, 95%CI: – 2.58, −0.62) were significantly associated factors with quality of life. Conclusion: The finding from this study indicated that quality of life of patients with epilepsy were moderate. Perceived stigma, frequent seizure, comorbid depression and anxiety, antiepileptic drug nonadherence, antiepileptic drug side effect and poor social support were the predictors of quality of life. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric disorders in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus: Results from a retrospective study$$$ Objective: to analyze clinical features and immunological abnormalities in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) with neurolupus and to compare findings with the data available in the literature Subjects and methods. The observational retrospective study included 218 patients (190 girls and 28 boys) with juvenile-onset SLE who were treated at the Pediatric Department of the V.A. Nasonova Research Institute of Rheumatology in the period from 1992 to 2017. The investigators assessed demographic parameters, the data of clinical and laboratory-instrumental examinations, and the results of psychological, neurological and, if indicated, psychiatric examinations. The clinical and immunological features of SLE onset were comparatively analyzed in the groups of patients with and without neurolepus, followed by a comparison of the findings with the data available in the literature. Results and discussion. Forty-five (20.6%) patients with SLE and neuropsychiatric disorders were identified, of them there were 9 (20%) boys. In the neurolupus group, the mean age at onset was 13.0±2.8 years; the median disease duration at diagnosis verification was 5.0 [3.0; 11.0] months. 60% of patients were aged 10 to 15 years at diagnosis verification. Neurolupus was significantly more often detected in 46.7% of patients with acute SLE (p=0.003). Among the clinical manifestations of a nervous system lesion, serositis (p=0.003) and kidney disease (p=0.003) were diagnosed significantly more often; chronic skin changes (p=0.076) were recorded slightly more frequently, whereas arthritis (p=0.028) was detected significantly less frequently. Of the hematological disorders, leuko- and lymphopenia (p=0.087) and thrombocytopenia (p=0.077) were noted relatively more commonly. Of the immunological disorders, patients with nervous system lesion more frequently had anti-ribonucleoprotein antibodies (p=0.073) without any differences in other immunological parameters. In general, the neurolupus group showed a greater extent of multiple organ dysfunction than the other patients (the number of clinical manifestations averaged 5.6 and 3.7, respectively; p<0.0001). In all the patients, the manifestation of neurolupus was preceded by school maladaptation and emotional disturbances. There was a preponderance of central nervous system lesion (89%) in the pattern of neuropsychiatric manifestations. Fifteen (33.3%) patients had more than one manifestation of neurolupus. Among the neuropsychiatric disorders, there were headaches (28.9%), cognitive impairment (28.9%), cerebrovascular disease (35.5%), distal sensory polyneuropathy (20%), epilepsy syndrome (15.5%), anxiety disorders (11.1%), psychoses (8.9%), myelopathy (6.7%), and chorea (4.4%). In the neurolupus group, the SLEDAI scores were significantly higher (22.0±9.5) than in the non-neurolupus group (12.9±6.5; p<0.0001). Conclusion. When the patient has an acute onset, multiple organ dysfunction, psychological problems as emotional lability, proneness to conflict, and school maladaptation, he/she must undergo comprehensive examination to exclude neurolupus before the disease manifests. Identification of nervous system lesion requires urgent intensification of therapy to improve prognosis. ER  - 
Non-infectious comorbidity in patients with multiple sclerosis: A national cohort study in Sweden$$$ Background: Comorbidity is of significant concern in multiple sclerosis (MS). Few population-based studies have reported conditions occurring in MS after diagnosis, especially in contemporary cohorts. Objective: To explore incident comorbidity, mortality and hospitalizations in MS, stratified by age and sex. Methods: In a Swedish population-based cohort study 6602 incident MS patients (aged ≥18 years) and 61,828 matched MS-free individuals were identified between 1 January 2008 and 31 December 2016, using national registers. Incidence rates (IRs) and incidence rate ratios (IRRs) with 95% CI were calculated for each outcome. Results: IRs of cardiovascular disease (CVD) were higher among MS patients than MS-free individuals, (major adverse CVD: IRR 1.42; 95% CI 1.12–1.82; hemorrhagic/ischemic stroke: 1.46; 1.05–2.02; transient ischemic attack: 1.65; 1.09–2.50; heart failure: 1.55; 1.15–2.10); venous thromboembolism: 1.42; 1.14–1.77). MS patients also had higher risks of several non-CVDs such as autoimmune conditions (IRR 3.83; 3.01–4.87), bowel dysfunction (2.16; 1.86–2.50), depression (2.38; 2.11–2.68), and fractures (1.32; 1.19–1.47), as well as being hospitalized and to suffer from CVD-related deaths ((1.91; 1.00–3.65), particularly in females (3.57; 1.58–8.06)). Conclusion: MS-patients experience a notable comorbidity burden which emphasizes the need for integrated disease management in order to improve patient care and long-term outcomes of MS. ER  - 
Derivation and Internal Validation of a Clinical Risk Prediction Tool for Hyperkalemia-Related Emergency Department Encounters Among Hemodialysis Patients$$$ Background: Approximately 10% of emergency department (ED) visits among dialysis patients are for conditions that could potentially be managed in outpatient settings, such as hyperkalemia. Objective: Using population-based data, we derived and internally validated a risk score to identify hemodialysis patients at increased risk of hyperkalemia-related ED events. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Ten in-center hemodialysis sites in southern Alberta, Canada. Patients: All maintenance hemodialysis patients (≥18 years) between March 2009 and March 2017. Measurements: Predictors of hyperkalemia-related ED events included patient demographics, comorbidities, health-system use, laboratory measurements, and dialysis information. The outcome of interest (hyperkalemia-related ED events) was defined by International Classification of Diseases (10th Revision; ICD-10) codes and/or serum potassium [K+] ≥6 mmol/L. Methods: Bootstrapped logistic regression was used to derive and internally validate a model of important predictors of hyperkalemia-related ED events. A point system was created based on regression coefficients. Model discrimination was assessed by an optimism-adjusted C-statistic and calibration by deciles of risk and calibration slope. Results: Of the 1533 maintenance hemodialysis patients in our cohort, 331 (21.6%) presented to the ED with 615 hyperkalemia-related ED events. A 9-point scale for risk of a hyperkalemia-related ED event was created with points assigned to 5 strong predictors based on their regression coefficients: ≥1 laboratory measurement of serum K+ ≥6 mmol/L in the prior 6 months (3 points); ≥1 Hemoglobin A1C [HbA1C] measurement ≥8% in the prior 12 months (1 point); mean ultrafiltration of ≥10 mL/kg/h over the preceding 2 weeks (2 points); ≥25 hours of cumulative time dialyzing over the preceding 2 weeks (1 point); and dialysis vintage of ≥2 years (2 points). Model discrimination (C-statistic: 0.75) and calibration were good. Limitations: Measures related to health behaviors, social determinants of health, and residual kidney function were not available for inclusion as potential predictors. Conclusions: While this tool requires external validation, it may help identify high-risk patients and allow for preventative strategies to avoid unnecessary ED visits and improve patient quality of life. Trial registration: Not applicable—observational study design. ER  - 
An overview of the use of carbamazepine at pku muhammadiyah hospital yogyakarta$$$ Carbamazepine is often used for indications other than epilepsy. In Indonesia, carbamazepine is registered for prophylaxis for lithium-responsive manic depressive disease, antiepilepsy, epilepsy of all types (except petit mal), and trigeminal neuralgia. This research aimed to describe the use of carbamazepine at PKU Muhammadiyah Hospital Yogyakarta. This was an observational study with a cross-sectional design. The data were taken retrospectively from the medical records of patients who received carbamazepine during 2014. The use of carbamazepine included 494 prescriptions given to 117 patients. The physician who most prescribed carbamazepine was a neurologist (63.04%). The most appropriate use of carbamazepine following the National Agency for Drugs And Foods Controls of Republic of Indonesia (NADFC) was for epilepsy (34.19%), followed by trigeminal neuralgia (6.84%) and bipolar disorder (4.27%). The most off-label use was in cases of stroke (7.69%), followed by diabetic neuropathic pain, herniated nucleus pulposus, and cephalgia (all 3.42%). Evidence found for the off-label use of carbamazepine was in diabetic neuropathic pain and neuropathic pain post-stroke (24.53%). The use of carbamazepine at PKU Muhammadiyah Yogyakarta hospital is mostly on-label, with some off-label use. The off-label use of carbamazepine (24.53%) has strong evidence, while some use has a lack of scientific support or no evidence at all. ER  - 
Shorter recovery times and better cognitive function—A comparative pilot study of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depressive episodes$$$ Introduction: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a new convulsive therapy that is as effective as traditional electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in treating depression but with fewer cognitive side effects. The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy and cognitive effects between MST (100 Hz applied over the vertex) and bifrontal ECT for treating patients with depressive episodes. Methods: Forty-five patients with depressive episodes were enrolled, with 18 receiving MST and 27 receiving ECT. MST was administered over the vertex with 100 Hz frequency. Treatment consisted of six sessions. The 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-17) was used to assess the severity of depression. The Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) was used to assess cognition. Assessments were performed at baseline and after the third and sixth treatment sessions. Results: Both MST and ECT improved the patients’ depressive symptoms significantly, yet no significant difference was found between the two groups (p >.05). The response rates and remission rates of MST and ECT were 72.2% versus 81.5% and 61.1% versus 63.0%, respectively. The MST group showed significant improvements in immediate memory (p <.001), delayed memory (p =.002), and attention (p <.001) than ECT. The recovery times for consciousness (p <.001), spontaneous breathing (p <.001), and orientation (p <.001) were shorter in MST group than ECT group. RBANS improvements were negatively correlated with the recovery time for orientation (r =.561, p <.001). Conclusion: Magnetic seizure therapy showed similar efficacy to bifrontal ECT for treating depressive episodes. While MST may be an effective alternative to ECT, larger randomized trials are needed. ER  - 
The relationship between personality characteristics and the quality of life in patients with epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Identification of effective factors in the quality of life (QOL) of patients with epilepsy is important in improving their quality of life. Regarding this, the present study aimed to investigate the relationship between personality characteristics and QOL in patients with epilepsy. Material and methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 100 epileptic patients referred to Neurology Clinic of Ali-ibn Abi Talib Hospital in Zahedan, Iran in 2015. The NEO Personality Inventory (NEO-PI) and Short Form Health Survey (SF-12) questionnaires were used to determine the personality characteristics and QOL scores, respectively. Results: The mean of QOL score was 28.94±4.58. Age, gender, marital status, education level, and duration of epilepsy had no significant correlation with the QOL. The QOL showed a negative correlation with openness to experience and neuroticism. However, this variable had a direct correlation with conscientiousness, agreeableness, and extraversion. There was a significant relationship between the predictor variables (extraversion and neuroticism) and the criterion variable (QOL). Therefore, extraversion and neuroticism can be considered as the predictors of the QOL. Conclusions: The extraversion and neuroticism seem to be two predictors of the QOL in the epileptic patients. Accordingly, whereas the patients with high levels of neuroticism had low QOL, this value was higher in those with high levels of extraversion. ER  - 
A Russian retrospective multicenter open-label observational study based on medical documentation on the use of perampanel in everyday clinical practice$$$ Objective: to retrospectively assess the Russian experience with perampanel (PER) in everyday clinical practice as an adjunctive medication for the treatment of patients aged 12 years or older with focal epilepsy (FE). Patients and methods. A multicenter retrospective study was conducted, during which the physicians filled out standard questionnaires assessing the characteristics of the disease and the therapy performed. The maximum follow-up period was 12 months. Each patient was included in the study only once for the duration of the study. A total of 164 cases of pharmacoresistant FE were analyzed. The patients' mean age was 37.7 years; the male to female ratio was 1:1. The disease duration over 10 years was in 68.7% of patients; structural epilepsy was present in 68.2% (temporal and frontal lesions in 53.4 and 39.1%, respectively) Results and discussion. Most (26.6%) patients were prescribed PER after three previous lines of therapy; before PEP administration, there was a maximum of 2 (50.9%) and 3 (29.6%) drugs, respectively, in the combination. The initial frequency of all seizure types reached 9 [3; 34] per month; that of focal-onset bilateral tonic-clonic seizures was 3 [2; 6] per month. Combined therapy including PER could lead to the disappearance of seizures in 22.7% of cases; the responders (by all seizure types) were 52.8%, whereas the remission rate of bilateral tonic-clonic seizures was 60.8% of patients, the responder rate was 27,8%. At 12 months of follow-up, the therapy retention rate reached 80.7% (95% confidence interval, 72.3–89.1). Adverse events (AEs) were noted in 31.3% of patients; the most frequent AEs were drowsiness (10.4%), aggression (9.8%), irritability (6.7%); other AEs were observed in individual cases. The average dose of PER was 8 mg. Conclusion. PER was effective in patients with resistant PEs at a maximum follow-up of 12 months in routine clinical practice. Remission of all seizure types was achieved in 22.7% of cases, the decrease in the number of seizures ≥50% was seen in 52.8% of cases; the therapy retention rate was 80.7%. The drug had a therapeutic effect in all types of focal seizures and was most effective in focal-onset bilateral tonic-clonic seizures. Along with its good clinical effect, PER demonstrated a predictable safety profile. ER  - 
Characteristics of Socially Isolated Residents in Long-Term Care: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Objectives: To identify socially isolated long-term care residents and to compare their demographic characteristics, functional status, and health conditions to residents who are not isolated. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using the Resident Assessment Instrument, Minimum Data Set, 2.0 (RAI-MDS) data, from residents in 34 long-term care homes in Alberta, Canada (2008–2018). Using logistic regression, we compared the characteristics, conditions, and functional status of residents who were socially isolated (no contact with family/friends) and non-socially isolated residents. Results: Socially isolated residents were male, younger, and had a longer length of stay in the home, than non-socially isolated residents. Socially isolated residents lacked social engagement and exhibited signs of depression. Discussion: Socially isolated residents had unique care concerns, including psychiatric disorders, and co-morbid conditions. Our approach, using a single item in an existing data source, has the potential to assist clinicians in screening for socially isolated long-term care residents. ER  - 
Semiological features of nonepileptic paroxysmal events in infancy$$$ Purpose: Nonepileptic paroxysmal events (NPEs) are common in infancy and may be misinter-preted as epileptic seizures. With a knowledge of common NPEs, they can usually be diagnosed based on a detailed history and examination. So far, no studies have explored the semiological presentations of NPEs in infancy without video electroencephalographic (VEEG) recordings. We aimed to describe the phenomenology of NPEs in infancy to provide useful information to clini-cians, enabling easier diagnoses without VEEG studies. Methods: We reviewed the medical records of 63 patients aged from 1 to 12 months diagnosed with NPEs at Daegu Catholic University Medical Center from September 2006 to June 2017. We classified the phenomenological features into five types: abnormal body movement, eye changes, breathing abnormalities, behavioral symptoms, and autonomic symptoms. Results: Of the 63 patients, 37 were male and 26 were female. The mean age at onset was 6 months, and the mean duration of symptoms was 22.5 days. Abnormal body movements were the most common feature (88.9%), followed by eye changes (31.7%), autonomic symptoms (11.1%), breathing abnormalities (6.3%), and behavioral abnormalities (3.2%). The most common type of abnormal body movements was shivering-like movement (32.1%). Initially, 30 patients (47.6%) were diagnosed with unclassified NPEs, nine (14.3%) with sleep myoclonus, six (9.5%) with benign paroxysmal tonic upward gaze, and five (7.9%) with benign myoclonus of infancy. During follow-up, two patients (3.2%) were diagnosed with epilepsy. Conclusion: Knowledge of the phenomenological characteristics of NPEs in infancy can be useful for making a correct diagnosis. ER  - 
Fractionated Stereotactic Radiation Therapy Using Volumetric Modulated Arc Therapy in Patients with Solitary Brain Metastases$$$ Purpose. To analyze retrospectively the clinical efficacy and safety for patients treated with fractionated stereotactic radiation therapy (FSRT) using volumetric modulated arc therapy. Methods. Between 2016 and 2017, 46 patients with solitary brain metastasis who underwent FSRT consisting of 25-40 Gy/5 fractions were recruited in this study. All targets within the same course received different prescriptions according to size. Toxicities were graded according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version 4.0. Results. The median follow-up was 11 months (3-53 months). The 6-month and 12-month local control rate calculated by Kaplan-Meier estimate was, respectively, 95% and 86%. Tumor diameter<2.5 cm obtained 100% improved 12-month local control rate compared with 66% in those with ≥2.5 cm (P<0.001). The 12-month local control calculated by Kaplan-Meier estimate was 95% in tumors with >30 Gy treatment and only 60% in tumors with ≤30 Gy treatment (P=0.001). Multivariate analysis revealed that the prescription dose≤30 Gy resulted in increased local failure (hazard ratio (HR), 0.14 (range, 0.019-0.95; P=.046)). Grade 3 or worse toxic effects were found in 5 (11%) patients, and no patient experienced surgical resection for symptomatic radioactive necrosis. Conclusions. FSRT for solid brain metastasis appears to have the advantages of a high rate of local control with a minimal risk of severe toxicity and deserves application in the clinical practice. ER  - 
Clinical Relevance of Pharmacogenetics in Serotonin Syndrome$$$ Serotonin syndrome is a predictable life-threatening condition that is caused by serotonergic stimulation of the central and peripheral nervous systems. A patient's genetic profile can amplify exposure risk as many serotonergic drugs are metabolized by CYP450 enzymes, and these enzymes may be altered in functionality. We report a case of an elderly man who presented with serotonin syndrome after a dose change in valproic acid 5 weeks prior. His medication list consisted of low-dose serotonergic agents, which is unusual as most cases of serotonin syndrome involve higher doses. A review of his pharmacogenetic profile is presented to retrospectively evaluate the additive risk for serotonin syndrome and implications on resuming serotonergic agents. ER  - 
The effect of lacosamide on psychiatric comorbidities in patients with epilepsy$$$ We investigated the efficacy of lacosamide (LCM) polytherapy in improving seizure outcomes and psychiatric symptoms in patients with epilepsy with psychiatric comorbidities. We retrospectively collected data from medical records of outpatients of the Department of Psychiatry of Nishiniigata Chuo Hospital Epilepsy Center in Japan. We extracted data from all patients with epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities who had been treated with LCM. We evaluated seizure prognosis and changes in psychiatric symptoms after LCM polytherapy. After LCM administration, 19 (47.5%) patients had improvements in seizure outcomes. The other 18 (45%) patients experienced no changes in seizure outcomes, and the remaining 3 (7.5%) patients experienced worse seizure outcomes after LCM polytherapy. LCM administration improved psychiatric symptoms in 21 (52.5%) of the 40 patients; psychiatric symptoms did not change in 14 (35%) patients and worsened in 5 patients (12.5%). There was no significant association between psychiatric and seizure prognoses. LCM polytherapy may have less negative influence on psychiatric comorbidities in patients with epilepsy compared with other antiseizure medications, and may also improve seizure severity. While LCM polytherapy might improve psychiatric symptoms as seizures improve, a small number of patients experienced worsening of psychiatric symptoms despite seizure improvement. ER  - 
Clinical cases of cerebral venous thrombosis at the onset of paroxysmal conditions$$$ Aim. To demonstrate clinical cases of rare stroke type – cerebral venous thrombosis with paroxysmal conditions. Materials and methods. There were retrospectively analyzed medical histories of the three male patients at age of 19, 22 and 47 years old, respectively, diagnosed with venous stroke, and admitted at different time points to the Neurology Department managing acute cerebrovascular accidents. Results. Patients with subacute and acute venous stroke suffered from headache and general discomfort. Depression of consciousness and paroxysmal events were observed during acute stage of the disease. No elevated arterial blood pressure was found. Focal neurological symptoms were observed in one out of three patients manifested as aphasic disorders. Neuro-ophthalmological examination revealed signs of swelling in the optic nerve (papilledema) and retinal artery spasm. Risk factors predisposing to such pathology were revealed in each clinical case. Conclusions. Here we provided with most high-priority risk factors as well as initial clinical manifestations for developing cerebral venous thrombosis as a rather rare pathological condition. However, various issues related to it still remain and require further investigations. ER  - 
Pallidal deep brain stimulation combined with capsulotomy for Tourette's syndrome with psychiatric comorbidity$$$ OBJECTIVE A current challenge is finding an effective and safe treatment for severely disabled patients with Tourette's syndrome (TS) and comorbid psychiatric disorders, in whom conventional treatments have failed. The authors aimed to evaluate the utility of globus pallidus internus deep brain stimulation (GPi-DBS) combined with bilateral anterior capsulotomy in treating these clinically challenging patients. METHODS The authors conducted a retrospective review of the clinical history and outcomes of 10 severely disabled patients with treatment-refractory TS and a psychiatric comorbidity, who had undergone GPi-DBS combined with bilateral anterior capsulotomy in their hospital. At the time of surgery, patients presented mainly with obsessive-compulsive disorder and affective disorders. Clinical outcome assessments of tic and psychiatric symptoms, as well as of general adaptive functioning and quality of life, were performed at the time of surgery and at 6, 12, and between 24 and 96 months postsurgery. RESULTS After surgery, all patients showed significant progressive improvements in tic and psychiatric symptoms, along with improvements in general adaptive functioning and quality of life. Tic alleviation reached 64% at 12 months and 77% at the last follow-up on the Yale Global Tic Severity Scale. At the final follow-up, patients had functionally recovered and displayed no or only mild tic and psychiatric symptoms. All patients tolerated treatment reasonably well, with no serious side effects. CONCLUSIONS GPi-DBS combined with bilateral anterior capsulotomy seems to offer major clinical benefits to severely disabled patients with otherwise treatment-refractory TS and psychiatric comorbidities. ER  - 
Clinical and Imaging Prognosis in Patients with Delayed Encephalopathy after Acute Carbon Monoxide Poisoning$$$ Objective. To study the clinical manifestations, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) findings, and prognosis of delayed encephalopathy after carbon monoxide poisoning (DEACMP). Methods. The medical records of 20 patients with DEACMP were retrospectively reviewed. All the patients received hyperbaric oxygen treatment and other treatments as necessary. Results. The patients had diverse clinical manifestations, including memory deficits, personality changes, cognitive or executive function deficits, mood disorders, Parkinsonism, dystonia or other motor impairments, and akinetic mutism. MRI revealed lesions in the bilateral cerebral white matter and/or basal ganglia. Except for the pathologically confirmed DEACMP, epileptic seizure, hemiplegia, and vegetative state, the remaining symptoms had been improved, especially the cognitive impairment, which had been decreased from 95% to 25% and psychiatric symptoms also decreased from 95% to 55% at the 6-month follow-up. Conclusions. The prognosis of patients with DEACMP was poor, and they had a relatively severe disability. The early use of hyperbaric oxygen is of great significance to improve clinical efficacy and get a better prognosis. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of lower dose tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and efavirenz versus standard dose in HIV-infected, antiretroviral-naive adults: a multicentre, randomized, noninferiority trial$$$ Reduced doses of antiretroviral (ARV) drugs may lower toxicity while preserving efficacy. We aimed to evaluate the efficacy of reduced doses of both tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) and efavirenz for the treatment of HIV-1 infection. In this open-label, non-inferiority trial, HIV-1-infected antiretroviral-naive adults were randomly assigned to receive either a lower dose anti-retroviral regimen comprised of TDF (200 mg), efavirenz (400 mg), and standard dose lamivudine (300 mg) or the standard dose regimen. The primary endpoint was the proportion of participants with HIV-1 RNA≤ 50 copies/mL at week 48 using a non-inferiority margin of –10%. At week 48, 79 of 92 (85.9%) participants in the lower dose regimen group and 78 of 92 (84.8%) in the standard dose regimen group achieved HIV-1 RNA≤ 50 copies/mL (treatment difference 1.1%, 95% CI −9.1 to 11.3) in the intention-to-treat analysis. Drug-related adverse events occurred more frequently in the participants receiving the standard dose regimen compared with the lower dose one (63.0% vs 80.4%). Changes in estimated glomerular filtration rate and bone mineral density were comparable between the two groups. The non-inferior efficacy and better safety profile of the lower dose ARV regimen support its use as alternative initial therapy for HIV-1 infected patients. ER  - 
Risk factors for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a case-control study in 5 to 12 years old children$$$ Background and aims. Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neurodevelopmental disorder known by a pattern of diminished sustained attention and increased impulsivity or hyperactivity. This study aimed to evaluate the risk factors associated with ADHD. Methods. This case-control study included 297 ADHD children aged 5-12 years admitted to Tehran Institute of Psychiatry, Iran (2012-2013). They were compared with 297 non-ADHD (as controls matched to cases 1:1) who were of the same age (±1 years) selected from outpatients in general pediatric medical centers in Tehran. ADHD Rating Scale IV (ADHD-RS-IV)-Home Version was used to confirm ADHD. Data were analyzed using conditional binary logistic regression. Results. Mean±SD age were 8.18±3.11 and 8.11±2.9 years in the case and control groups, respectively (P=0.61). Mean±SD birth weight (BW) was higher in ADHD patients compared with the controls (3245.09±0.66 vs 3026.56±0.45 gr, P=0.045). The results showed that odds of ADHD in children with high BW (>3500g) was 3.36 (1.96-5.78) times the odds of ADHD in normal BW children (2500-3500g) controlling for other risk factors. ADHD risk in low BW children (<2500 g) was not statistically different compared with normal BW children [OR:1.74 (0.7-3.7)]. Experience of neonatal disease, fewer offspring, lower level of mothers’ education, and preterm delivery were also risk factors for higher odds of ADHD. Conclusion. Based on our sample, preterm birth, neonatal disease, high BW, lower level of mother’s education, and fewer offspring were ADHD risk factors. ER  - 
Use of therapeutic hypothermia in sudden unexpected postnatal collapse: A retrospective study$$$ Introduction: Sudden and unexpected postnatal collapse is a rare event with potentially dramatic consequences. Intervention approaches are limited, but hypothermia has been considered after postnatal collapse. The aim of this study was to analyse sudden and unexpected postnatal collapse cases that underwent therapeutic hypothermia in the five Portuguese hypothermia centres. Material and Methods: In this multicentre, retrospective and descriptive study, clinical, ultrasonography, amplitude-integrated electroencephalography and brain magnetic resonance findings of newborns with postnatal collapse that underwent therapeutic hypothermia are reported (2010 - 2018). Statistical analysis was performed by using IBM SPSS Statistics version 21. Results: Twenty-two cases of sudden and unexpected postnatal collapse were referred for therapeutic hypothermia (82% outborn), all ≥ 36 weeks, with Apgar 5´ ≥ 8. Collapse occurred during the first two hours in 73% (all < 24 hours), 50% during skin-to-skin care, 55% related to feeding and 23% during co-bedding. Moderate-severe encephalopathy and severe acidosis were observed (median: Thompson score 16, pH 6.90, base deficit 22 mmol/L). Amplitude-integrated electroencephalogram was abnormal in 95% and magnetic resonance imaging showed severe brain injury in 46%. The mortality rate was 50%. A possible cause was identified in 27%. Discussion: The incidence rate of 2.7 sudden cases of postnatal collapse per 100 000 births, is possibly under-estimated. All infants suffered the collapse in the first day, mostly within the first two hours, as reported before. Possible causes were identified in less than a third of cases, but multiple predisposing conditions were identified, suggesting that prevention may be possible. Newborn positioning and skin-to-skin care have been the most discussed practices. A significant proportion of infants had poor outcomes. Lower Thompson score, electroencephalogram amplitude normalization and normal magnetic resonance imaging seemed to indicate better outcomes. Although conclusive trials on therapeutic hypothermia after postnatal collapse are not available, its use has been considered individually. No severe adverse effects directly related to hypothermia were registered in this study, but the results do not allow drawing meaningful conclusions. Conclusion: In our national sample of 22 infants who suffered sudden and unexpected postnatal collapse and underwent therapeutic hypothermia, a significant proportion had poor outcomes. Absolute conclusions from our experience with hypothermia in postnatal collapse cannot be drawn, but systematic reporting of cases and long-term clinical evaluation would facilitate understanding of the real benefits of hypothermia. As this procedure has not been validated with clinical trials for this indication, its use should be considered on a case-by-case approach. The potentially avoidable nature of unexpected postnatal collapse is evident from its association with certain behaviours and risk factors. Surveillance practices during the first hours should be implemented, whilst the benefits of breastfeeding and skin-to-skin care should continue to be widely promoted. ER  - 
A study of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in an inpatient video-electroencephalography monitoring service in Tabriz, northwest of Iran$$$ Background: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are manifested as paroxysmal alterations in motor, sensory, autonomic, and/or cognitive and behavioral signs and symptoms, without associated ictal epileptiform discharges. A misdiagnosis of PNES as epilepsy results in a prolonged and unnecessary (antiepileptic) drug treatment and social and psychological stigma of epilepsy in these patients. This study aimed to determine the epidemiology, clinical manifestations, and associated factors of PNES in hospitalized patients in the video-electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring (VEM) service of Razi Hospital, Tabriz, Iran. Methods: In this cross-sectional descriptive study, 55 patients with a final diagnosis of PNES were selected from the patients referred to the VEM unit of Razi Hospital for the evaluation of epilepsy. The study was performed from May 2017 to June 2019. Patient information included demographic data and medical history (drug history, comorbidities, trauma, and family history). The clinical manifestations (semiology and duration of attacks) and EEG findings, as recorded by VEM during hospitalization, were collected. Results: 55 patients with PNES were studied with VEM, 27 (49.1%) of which were men, and 28 (50.9%) were women. The mean and standard deviation (SD) of age of the patients was 34.16 ± 12.64 years. No significant differences were observed in the semiology of PNES between men and women. Depression was the most common psychiatric comorbidity. Conclusion: The clinical manifestations of PNES in the present study were similar to those in most previous studies from other countries. The culture and sex of the patients did not seem to be a contributing factor in PNES semiology. ER  - 
Organic Psychosis Causing Secondary Schizophrenia in One-Fourth of a Cohort of 200 Patients Previously Diagnosed With Primary Schizophrenia$$$ Objective: To identify the prevalence of secondary schizophrenia (organic psychosis causing a schizophrenia-like syndrome) in patients with a prior diagnosis of schizophrenia presenting to Centro Hospitalar Psiquiátrico de Lisboa, Lisbon, Portugal. Methods: Two hundred files were retrospectively assessed through paper and electronic records of patients admitted to the hospital with an International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Edition diagnosis of schizophrenia (eg, code 295.x) in a 1-year time span (September 1, 2015– September 1, 2016). Results: One-fourth of patients (n = 50, 25%) received a new organic psychosis (secondary schizophrenia) diagnosis: epilepsy-related schizophrenia-like psychosis (9.5%), dementia-related schizophrenia-like psychosis (9.5%), brain mass (3.5%), stroke-related schizophrenia-like psychosis (2.0%), and encephalitis-related schizophrenia-like psychosis (0.5%). Among patients with organic psychosis (secondary schizophrenia), the mean delay until correct diagnosis was 12 years. Conclusions: The most striking feature of this study was the high prevalence of incorrect diagnosis of schizophrenia, with patients not receiving the minimum correct assessment before that diagnosis, resulting in negative consequences. Caution is recommended when diagnosing severely psychotic patients independent of their acute or chronic condition. ER  - 
Prevalence and Risk Factors of White Matter Lesions in Tibetan Patients Without Acute Stroke$$$ Background and Purpose - Studies on the prevalence and risk factors of white matter lesions (WMLs) in Tibetans living at high altitudes are scarce. We conducted this study to determine the prevalence and risks of WMLs in Tibetan patients without or with nonacute stroke. Methods - We undertook a retrospective analysis of medical records of patients treated at the People's Hospital of Tibetan Autonomous Region and identified a total of 301 Tibetan patients without acute stroke. WML severity was graded by the Fazekas Scale. We assessed the overall and age-specific prevalence of WMLs and analyzed associations between WMLs and related factors with univariate and multivariate methods. Results - Of the 301 patients, 87 (28.9%) had peripheral vertigo, 83 (27.3%) had primary headache, 52 (17.3%) had a history of stroke, 36 (12.0%) had an anxiety disorder, 29 (9.6%) had epilepsy, 12 (4.0%) had infections of the central nervous system, and 3 (1.0%) had undetermined diseases. WMLs were present in 245 (81.4%) patients, and 54 (17.9%) were younger than 40 years. Univariate analysis showed that age, history of cerebral infarction, hypertension, the thickness of the common carotid artery intima, and plaque within the intracarotid artery were related risks for WMLs. Ordered logistic analysis showed that age, history of cerebral ischemic stroke, hypertension, male sex, and atrial fibrillation were associated with WML severity. Conclusions - Risk factors for WMLs appear similar for Tibetans residing at high altitudes and individuals living in the plains. Further investigations are needed to determine whether Tibetans residing at high altitudes have a higher burden of WMLs than inhabitants of the plains. ER  - 
Association between complementary and alternative medicines (CAM) usage and self-perceived cognitive impairment among epilepsy patients$$$ Context: Patients with epilepsy may experience a broad range of cognitive impairments. Self-reporting of symptoms may be confounded by the limited insight of cognitive problems, anxiety, concerns about the safety of AEDs and cultural norms which may lead to reliance on other therapies. Aims: This study aimed to evaluate self-perceived cognitive impairment and its association with CAM usage among epilepsy patients. Settings and Design: A cross-sectional survey was performed in 100 patients diagnosed with epilepsy at the Neurology clinic. Patients aged 18 years or older, without documented physical or psychiatric illness such as schizophrenia and major depression, were included. Methods: Self-administered questionnaire was used to assess CAM usage. An established questionnaire was used to determine subjective cognitive impairment. Statistical Analysis Used: Data were analyzed using descriptive and inferential analysis. Results: Prevalence of self-perceived cognitive impairment was found to be at 31%. More than half of patients reported moderate/severe problems in fatigue, slowing, and memory categories. The prevalence of CAM usage was found to be at 58%. CAM use was more frequent in males (32%) as compared to females (26%; p = 0.609). The most commonly used CAM included vitamins and minerals (36%), ginseng (16%), antioxidants (15%), and acupuncture (12%). The reasons for CAM usage were cheaper price, easier availability, and inadequate seizure control by AEDs. A significant association was found between subjective cognitive impairment and CAM usage (p<0.01). Conclusions: A high prevalence of CAM usage among epilepsy patients was identified. There was a significant association between CAM usage and patient self-perceived cognitive impairment. ER  - 
Impact of MRI Selection on Triage of Endovascular Therapy in Acute Ischemic Stroke: The MRI in Acute Management of Ischemic Stroke (MIAMIS) Registry$$$ Background: The recently published multicenter randomized DAWN trial confirmed greater outcome benefit of endovascular therapy (ET) for anterior circulation large vessel occlusion ischemic stroke from 6 to 24 h from symptom onset compared to medical management in patients selected by advanced imaging with MRI or perfusion CT to identify mismatch between clinical deficit and infarct volume, which represents salvageable penumbra. The debate of CT over MRI is usually the potentially increase time consumption and the difficulty in establishing an adequate standardized workflow utilizing MRI during the hyperacute phase. Purpose: While CT-based selection of patients is the current standard of care, we sought to determine the time impact of the alternative approach of MRI selection in the 0-12 h window. Methods: In the MRI in Acute Management of Ischemic Stroke (MIAMIS) registry, we retrospectively analyzed 89 consecutive patients from January 2008 to January 2010 who presented with acute stroke symptoms with a National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score ≥5 or aphasia within 0-12 h from symptom onset. The presence of penumbra was determined by MR perfusion-diffusion mismatch or clinical diffusion mismatch. Patients were stratified based on the presence of mismatch and clinical outcomes in patients who received ET. Imaging times were recorded. Results: The MRI turnaround time was 95.5 ± 48.5 min. The total MRI time was 27.7 ± 12.8 min. Seventeen (19.1%) patients were found to have nonvascular etiology. Mismatch was found in 35 (48.6%) patients with acute ischemic stroke (AIS). Patients with nonvascular etiology were younger (55.7 vs. 65.6 years, p < 0.02), without any vessel occlusion or mismatch noticed in this group. We dichotomized the 39 AIS patients with vessel occlusion into two subgroups: These with mismatch and these without. Patients without mismatch were older (76.7 vs. 64.4 years, p < 0.05), more likely to have congestive heart failure (71.4 vs. 22%, p < 0.03), a higher total serum cholesterol level (196 vs. 156 mg/dL, p < 0.04), and medium to large lesions on diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) (85.7 vs. 37.5%, p < 0.04). Conclusions: Multimodality MRI screening for AIS symptoms for ET is feasible. Optimizing each center's protocol and the utilization of MRI with DWI only may be a time-saving alternative. ER  - 
The incremental value of neuropsychological assessment: A critical review$$$ Objective: The purpose of this critical review was to evaluate the current state of research regarding the incremental value of neuropsychological assessment in clinical practice, above and beyond what can be accounted for on the basis of demographic, medical, and other diagnostic variables. The focus was on neurological and other medical conditions across the lifespan where there is known risk for presence or future development of cognitive impairment.Method: Eligible investigations were group studies that had been published after 01/01/2000 in English in peer-reviewed journals and that had used standardized neuropsychological measures and reported on objective outcome criterion variables. They were identified through PubMed and PsychInfo electronic databases on the basis of predefined specific selection criteria. Reference lists of identified articles were also reviewed to identify potential additional sources. The Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation Working Group's (GRADE) criteria were used to evaluate quality of studies.Results: Fifty-six studies met the final selection criteria, including 2 randomized-controlled trials, 9 prospective cohort studies, 12 retrospective cohort studies, 21 inception cohort studies, 2 case control studies, and 10 case series studies. The preponderance of the evidence was strongly supportive with regard to the incremental value of neuropsychological assessment in the care of persons with mild cognitive impairment/dementia and traumatic brain injury. Evidence was moderately supportive with regard to stroke, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Participation in neuropsychological evaluations was also associated with cost savings.Conclusions: Neuropsychological assessment can improve both diagnostic classification and prediction of long-term daily-life outcomes in patients across the lifespan. Future high-quality prospective cohort studies and randomized-controlled trials are necessary to demonstrate more definitively the incremental value of neuropsychological assessment in the management of patients with various neurological and other medical conditions. ER  - 
The Use of Benzodiazepines among Kratom (Mitragyna Speciosa Korth.) Users$$$ The leaves from Mitragyna speciosa (Korth.) trees, also known as kratom, are traditionally used in Southeast Asia as a mild psychotropic agent. We investigated the demographic characteristics of persons who used both kratom cocktail and benzodiazepines (BZO) in a sample drawn from a rural area in Penang, Malaysia, and the reasons for BZO use. Seventy-seven participants who currently use a kratom cocktail along with BZO were recruited through snowball sampling for this cross-sectional study. The participants were male, and the majority were Malays (99%, n = 76/77), single (57%, n = 44/77) and employed (91%, n = 70/77). BZO was used with kratom cocktail 1) to increase euphoria; 2) to reduce dependence on methamphetamine; 3) to promote sleep; 4) to ease methamphetamine-associated psychological symptoms and 5) to decrease the craving for kratom. There were no significant differences in the intake of kratom use (p = .751), BZO use duration (p = .259), frequency (p = .188) and quantity (p = .888) of BZO use in the last 7 days, and quantity of BZO use in the last 30 days (p = .337) between kratom users and kratom poly-drug users. An awareness of the health consequences of the co-use of kratom with BZO is needed to prevent untoward health incidents. ER  - 
In-hospital mortality among adults with autism spectrum disorder in the United States: A retrospective analysis of US hospital discharge data$$$ A retrospective data analysis using 2004–2014 Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample was conducted to examine in-hospital mortality among adults with autism spectrum disorders in the United States compared to individuals in the general population. We modeled logistic regressions to compare inpatient hospital mortality between adults with autism spectrum disorders (n = 34,237) and age-matched and sex-matched controls (n = 102,711) in a 1:3 ratio. Adults with autism spectrum disorders had higher odds for inpatient hospital mortality than controls (odds ratio = 1.44, 95% confidence interval: 1.29–1.61, p < 0.001). This risk remained high even after adjustment for age, sex, race/ethnicity, income, number of comorbidities, epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities, hospital bed size, hospital region, and hospitalization year (odds ratio = 1.51, 95% confidence interval: 1.33–1.72, p < 0.001). Adults with autism spectrum disorders who experienced in-hospital mortality had a higher risk for having 10 out of 27 observed Elixhauser-based medical comorbidities at the time of death, including psychoses, other neurological disorders, diabetes, hypothyroidism, rheumatoid arthritis collagen vascular disease, obesity, weight loss, fluid and electrolyte disorders, deficiency anemias, and paralysis. The results from the interaction of sex and autism spectrum disorders status suggest that women with autism spectrum disorders have almost two times higher odds for in-hospital mortality (odds ratio = 1.95, p < 0.001) than men with autism spectrum disorders. The results from the stratified analysis also showed that women with autism spectrum disorders had 3.17 times higher odds (95% confidence interval: 2.50–4.01, p < 0.001) of in-hospital mortality compared to women from the non–autism spectrum disorders matched control group; this difference persisted even after adjusting for socioeconomic, clinical, and hospital characteristics (odds ratio = 2.75, 95% confidence interval: 2.09–3.64, p < 0.001). Our findings underscore the need for more research to develop better strategies for healthcare and service delivery to people with autism spectrum disorders. ER  - 
Rapid Eye Movement (REM) Sleep Behavior Disorder and REM Sleep with Atonia in the Young$$$ Background: Rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder (RBD) and REM sleep without atonia (RWA) have assumed much clinical importance with long-term data showing progression into neurodegenerative conditions among older adults. However, much less is known about RBD and RWA in younger populations. This study aims at comparing clinical and polysomnographic (PSG) characteristics of young patients presenting with RBD, young patients with other neurological conditions, and normal age-matched subjects.Methods: A retrospective chart review was carried out for consecutive young patients (<25 years) presenting with clinical features of RBD; and data were compared to data from patients with epilepsy, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and autism, as well as normal subjects who underwent PSG during a 2-year-period.Results: Twelve patients fulfilling RBD diagnostic criteria, 22 autism patients, 10 with ADHD, 30 with epilepsy, and 14 normal subjects were included. Eight patients with autism (30%), three with ADHD (30%), one with epilepsy (3.3%), and six patients who had presented with RBD like symptoms (50%) had abnormal movements and behaviors during REM sleep. Excessive transient muscle activity and/or sustained muscle activity during REM epochs was found in all patients who had presented with RBD, in 16/22 (72%) autistic patients, 6/10 (60%) ADHD patients compared to only 6/30 (20%) patients with epilepsy and in none of the normal subjects.Conclusion: We observed that a large percentage of young patients with autism and ADHD and some with epilepsy demonstrate loss of REM-associated atonia and some RBD-like behaviors on polysomnography similar to young patients presenting with RBD. ER  - 
The safety and efficacy of adjunctive 20-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment of negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia: A double-blinded, randomized, sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising treatment strategy for negative symptoms. However, the evidence for its efficacy is mixed, with contradictory results between studies due to lack of consensus about the optimal stimulation parameters. Aim: The present study was planned to assess the safety and efficacy of 20-Hz rTMS over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (Lt-DLPFC) with more robust stimulation parameters for adjunctive treatment of negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. Materials and Methods: Thirty patients with negative symptoms of schizophrenia (Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale [PANSS] negative subscore ≥15) were randomized to receive a 4-week treatment with either real-rTMS (n = 15) or sham-rTMS (n = 15). The study outcomes were assessed at baseline, after 5th and 20th rTMS sessions with PANSS, Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS), Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia, Clinical Global Impressions-Severity of illness scale, and rTMS side-effect checklist. Results: There was significantly greater reduction in negative symptoms assessed by SANS score in the real rTMS group, compared with the sham rTMS group. There was no significant difference in the rate of side-effects reported between the two groups. The rTMS treatment was well-tolerated by all the patients, except one seizure episode reported in the active group. Conclusion: The high-frequency rTMS protocol was safe and well-tolerated, provided patients prone to developing seizure were excluded by baseline electroencephalography prior to starting of the treatment. The 20-Hz rTMS over Lt-DLPFC with more robust stimulation parameters (100% motor threshold and 40,000 pulses) might be an effective augmentation strategy for the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia. ER  - 
Contrast-Induced Encephalopathy Resulting from Use of Ioversol and Iopromide$$$ Background Contrast-induced encephalopathy (CIE) is a rare disease, whose etiology and risk factors remain unclear and need investigation. Methods We collected 7 CIE cases from 2646 patients injected with ioversol and 5 CIE cases from 526 patients injected with iopromide, all of whom underwent neurointervention surgery in our regional centers. The incidence of CIE, its characteristics, and risks were analyzed in both groups. Results The overall incidence of CIE was 0.38%, specifically 0.95% and 0.26% in the iopromide and ioversol groups, respectively; the former incidence was significantly higher than the latter (P = 0.029). The risk of CIE with iopromide was 3.567 to 3.618 times higher than that with ioversol (single-factor analysis odds ratio [OR], 3.618; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.144-11.443; P = 0.029; multifactor analysis OR, 3.567 (95% CI, 0.827-15.379); P = 0.088). Moreover, acute cerebral infarction was an independent risk factor for CIE (OR, 4.024; 95% CI, 1.137-14.236; P = 0.031). Contrast-induced encephalopathy could occur within 5 minutes after injecting contrast media. The CIE characteristics differed according to the medium. In the ioversol group, the most common characteristic was visual disorder (71.43%), whereas in the iopromide group, the most common characteristic was delirium (100%). Conclusions Compared with ioversol, iopromide appeared more likely to lead to CIE. Acute cerebral infarction was an independent risk factor for CIE. The earliest CIE onset was within 5 minutes after injecting contrast. The characteristics of CIE varied significantly for different contrast media. ER  - 
Is there a relationship between diabetes stigma and depression?$$$ Purpose of study The relationship between diabetes and depression has been examined in several studies, with findings that suggest individuals with diabetes have higher likelihood of depression. It is important to explore this connection further, as poorer outcomes are associated with this comorbidity. One potential factor that could be involved in this relationship is diabetes stigma. Other types of health-related stigma, such as HIV-stigma, lung cancer stigma, and epilepsy stigma, have been shown to be associated with increased depression and worse health outcomes. The hypothesis is that higher diabetes stigma scores would be associated with more depressive symptoms. Methods used This was tested in a cross-sectional survey study. Participants completed the Comprehensive Diabetes Stigma Scale (CDSS-15) to measure the experience of diabetes stigma, and the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale-10 (CES-D-10) to measure depressive symptoms. Summary of results A moderate positive correlation was found between diabetes stigma and depressive symptoms (r=0.41). The stigma score was significantly different between racial groups, and the depression score was significantly different between gender groups. The correlation between stigma and depressive symptoms was higher in the female group than the male group. Conclusions Diabetes stigma could have a role in the experience of depression in patients living with Type 2 diabetes and may be a modifiable target to ultimately improve health outcomes. ER  - 
Cognitive remediation in schizophrenia$$$ INTRODUCTION: Schizophrenia is a mental disorder characterized by the presence of delusions, hallucinations, disorganized thinking (speech), grossly disorganized or abnormal motor behavior (including catatonia),negative symptoms and cognitive dysfunction.Cognitive defcits are highly prevalent in schizophrenia, with estimates that as many as 98% of patients with schizophrenia sufer with cognitive dysfunction.Most of them are unemployed, dependent, homeless and they continue to experience signifcant social, functional, and vocational disability leading to a poor quality of life. AIM: This study aims to examine the effects of cognitive remediation in schizophrenia and to test the hypothesis that cognitive remediation will improve cognition in schizophrenia. MATERIALS AND METHOD: Study design: The study will be a single blind randomized controlled trial, conducted at Government hospital for mental care, Visakhapatnam, India. Study Sample: 30 patients Study Period: Study will be conducted for a period of one year Inclusion criteria: I will recruit participants aged 18 to 45 yrs with a diagnosis of schizophrenia (made by a psychiatric consultant) based on ICD-10.Who have the ability to give written informed consent. Able to speak, read, and write English. Who have basic computer skills. Exclusion criteria: Sufering from an underlying organic or neurological condition affecting cognition, e.g. traumatic brain injury or seizure disorder. History of substance use meeting dependence criteria excluding nicotine & cafeine. History of ECT within past one month. History of intellectual disability. Instruments used: PANSS WHO Disability Assessment Schedule Attention Network Test (ANT) Trail making test N- back memory task Intervention: • CIRCuiTS (Computerized Interactive Remediation of Cognition and Thinking Skills) is an online computerized cognitive remediation programme developed by kings college london. Software has tasks and exercises area where the therapist helps the participants in completing them through drill and strategy based CRT which inturn help in improving their metacognition. Finally transferring them to bring out real world changes to meet their goals. RESULTS: There were signifcant improvements in neurocognition at post-treatment in favour of the CIRCuiTS group. Community function was also differentially and signifcantly improved in the CIRCuiTS group at post-treatment. CONCLUSION: Cognitive remediation is a behavioural training-based intervention to improve cognitive processes with the general aim of durable benefts on community functioning. ER  - 
Musical hallucination: Auditory variant of Charles Bonnet syndrome$$$ Musical hallucination is a type of complex hallucination when music is perceived without external source. This is very rare in general hospital setting and with heterogenous origin. Possible etiologies are deafness, psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia, major depression, use of medication and stress, besides neurologic diseases including epilepsy, stroke and cancer. Uncommon etiologies encompass inffectious diseases, metabolic disorders. The case being reported here, a 60 year old unmarried lady started to experience musical hallucination after she developed bilateral sensorineural hearing loss following a road trafc accident. After many unsuccessful trial with many psychotropics, she was advised to reconsider for change of her hearing aid and that improved her condition and she is now undergoing treatment. The possible physiopathology of musical hallucinosis in this case might be the disinhibition of auditory memory circuits due to sensory deprivation. ER  - 
Role of rTMS as an adjunctive treatment in treatment resistant OCD: A randomised double blind and sham control trial$$$ Background: There are only few treatment options currently available for treatment of refractory obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD).Novel treatment strategies like repetitive trans cranial magnetic stimulation have been proposed for OCD refractory to standard treatment. Aim: To assess the efficacy of rTMS (repetitive trans cranial magnetic stimulation) as an adjunctive treatment modality in patients of treatment resistant OCD. Method: 28 diagnosed cases of treatment resistant OCD were included and randomized into two groups. They were assessed by administered Y-BOCS (Yale brown obsessive compulsive scale) score at initiation of therapy and thereafter at 2wks,.Group-I (n=14) underwent active rtms sessions 5 days/week for two consecutive weeks. Group-II underwent the similar treatment protocol but with sham coil.. Results: Both the groups were comparable. Statistically signifcant reduction in YBOCS scores were noted in Group-I (p<0.001).There was signifcant decrease in Y-BOCS scores after 2 weeks of treatment in both groups. Y-BOCS scores were signifcantly lower in Group-I than the other after 2 weeks (p< 0.001). Conclusion: The augmentation of rtms in treatment of resistant OCD by active coil led to improvement in the Y-BOCS score in comparison to sham coil,giving additional therapeutic benefts in the management of resistant OCD. Obsessive compulsive disorder is a chronic and a highly debilitating neuropsychiatric disorder that results in signifcant morbidity and social burden. Despite treatment a high percentage (30%-60%) have a partial treatment response or are unable to tolerate the side effects of medications. This has led to development of several augmenting strategies including trans cranial magnetic stimulation. Recent studies have shown that rtms has been effective at the SMA (Supplementary motor area) leading to improvement in symptoms. The aim of the study was to assess the efficacy of rtms as an adjunctive treatment in treatment resistant OCD. Treatment resistant OCD was defned as cases who have failed to respond to two different classes of pharmacological treatment (two SSRI's and clomipramine) for at least 6 weeks. Sample size N(28): Age (18-60) yrs Patients with epilepsy other neurological disorders, head injury, cardiac pacemaker, recent h/o ECT or antipsychotics in past 6 months were excluded. • Trial was approved by the ethical committee Follow-up: Y-BOCS at the interval 2 wks interval. A reduction of 25% or more from baseline Y-BOCS score will be considered as positive treatment response. • During the study period, pharmacological and psychosocial treatment as usual was continued. • Descriptive and inferential Statistic was done by using SPSS 20.0. The stimulation of SMA over Rt DLPFC, as low frequency was found to be effective which was in consonance with the imaging evidence reffecting hyper activating SMA in patients sufering from OCD. In our study majority of the cases tolerated rTMS well with no serious side effects such as seizure or syncope with only 2 dropouts during the full course of study. We observed clinically and statistically signifcant improvement in Y-BOCS score after treatment with rTMS in comparison to the control groups receiving sham therapy. There has been few studies of rtms intervention in OCD, results were promising but inconclusive due to lack of uniformity related to site, stimulation parameters and treatment duration. Mantovani et al.[1,2] targeted the SMA in the frst randomized sham controlled trial targeting SMA with a larger sample size and observed that almost two-thirds patients in the real group responded to the interventions and difference was signifcant from the sham group. Another study by Gomes et al. and N Kumar et al.[3,4] targeted the SMA in twenty two treatment resistant OCD patients using similar stimulation parameters and found that almost 40% of the patients responded to r-TMS. The strength of our study was that it was done in real clinical settings and following limitations were observed in our study which require further scope of improvement in future studies is increase in the sample size, crossover application of the rTMS to sham group and correlation between clinical and neurobiological parameters Hence, we need more clinical and research data to draw some conclusion about the site of stimulation for rTMS treatment in persons sufering from OCD. This clinical data reflects that low-frequency rTMS over SMA appears to be useful for persons suffering from treatment-resistant OCD. All subjects tolerated rTMS intervention without any marked side efffects. Approximately 50% persons with resistant OCD showed statistically significant decrease of the Y-BOCS scores after the rTMS intervention. The report supports further investigation into the potential therapeutic applications of rTMS in resistant OCD. ER  - 
Neurological complications in recipients after living donor liver transplantation$$$ Background and Aim: Liver transplantation (LT) is the only curative treatment for patients with the end-stage liver disease. Amongst the complications post-LT, the neurological complications (NC) are particularly relevant. Our aim is to assess the incidence, risk factors and clinical presentation of NC in recipients after living donor liver transplantation. Methods: Between November 2011 and December 2013, 149 patients were admitted to ICU in 3 different centres in Egypt after LDLT and were evaluated by full clinical examination, laboratory investigations, neuroimaging and the NC were observed over one month. This study was approved by the ethical committee of the National Research Center. Results: 46 recipients (30.9%) developed neurological complications. The most common neurological complication was Encephalopathy (14.1%) while the least were both central pontine myelinolysis and meningoencephalitis (0.7%). In addition, 7 patients developed cerebrovascular events (either ischemic or hemorrhagic strokes). Patients were then classified into uncomplicated and complicated subgroups according to the highest percentage of neurological complication symptoms. These were encephalopathy, delirium with agitation, hallucinations, and delusions. Conclusion: A high incidence of neurological complications (30.9%) after LDLT was recorded, prolonging patient hospital stays. The most common complications were encephalopathy, delirium, hallucinations, delusions, and seizures some of which were drug related. ER  - 
Successful journey of 100 living donor of liver transplant from stumbling to incline in remote area of Pakistan$$$ beginning of New Era; Background: End stage liver disease (ESLD) is an important cause of morbidity and mortality, Living donor liver transplant (LDLT) is matchless choice for ESLD where cadaveric program is a dream. Aims: Aim of this study was to comprehend single center outcome of 100 LDLT recipients in GAMBAT small town in remote area of Pakistan and to focus challenges in public sector living donor liver program in a developing country. Methods and Results: This is a Single center study in which we retrospectively reviewed patients who underwent living donor liver transplant (LDLT) from April 2016 till November 2019, Patients Demographics, Causes of liver disease, Graft, Operative variables, complications were assessed, Liver transplant outcome was assessed on the basis of number of days survived and mortality. Median age was 40.2 (9-60) years, whereas median BMI22.5 (15.5-4.26). The male to female ratio was 9:1. ESLD secondary to hepatitis B and D was the most common indication (56% patients) followed by hepatitis C (28%), other indications HCC within Milan criteria (10%), Primary sclerosing cholangitis 2%, Wilson (2%), PFIC (1%) and Bud Chari (1%), Most of the patients belong from Sindh (64%), Balochistant (17%), Punjab (18%), KPK (1%). Right lobe graft without MHV in 90% of recipient (8 patients with MHV), Average cold ischemia time was 20-25 min, while warm ischemia time 35-45 min, Mean Duration of transplant surgery 10 h (8-22 h), average ICU stay 8 days (4-70 days) with minimum ICU related complications (10-15% plural tap, drain placements, 08-10% Psychosis, 3 seizure episode, 4 cardiac events)., Overall biliary complications were 15.62%, (leak 8%, Stricture 7%), Survival 8 days to 1160 days, most of our patients are in between 150 to 300 days survival phase and still alive, Estimated 6 months and 1 year survival 85-88%, overall 16 patients died (most of them in between 1 and 22 number liver transplant). Conclusion: Overall success, outcome improve as experience grows, public sector LDLT program can achieve results comparable to any other international center and start new era in Living donor liver transplant world which will be beneficial for End stage liver disease. ER  - 
KIF1A-related disorders: A wide spectrum of central and peripheral nervous system involvement$$$ Objectives: Mutations in KIF1A are associated with a wide range of neurological disorders, ranging from hereditary spastic paraparesis (HSP) to sensory neuropathies to a severe infantile neurodegenerative disorder. Collectively, they are extremely uncommon but likely to be under-recognised. We aim to report the spectrum of KIF1A-related disorders from a single tertiary neurology centre, with a view to improving understanding and awareness of these rare conditions. Methods: Affected individuals known to Great Ormond Street Hospital were identified through liaison with consultants involved in the care of children and young people with movement disorders. Clinical information was collected through a retrospective review of case notes. Results: Twelve individuals in 9 families were identified. All had heterozygous KIF1A mutations including three previously unreported variants. Severity ranged from a fatal neonatalonset disorder with contractures, absence of visual development, and agenesis of the corpus callosum on MRI to HSP with preservation of ambulation into the second or third decade of life and entirely normal MRI. Upper motor neuron signs were found in 10/12 children and a primarily sensory neuropathy was present in 9/11 children assessed. 3/12 children also had extrapyramidal signs (dystonia). Some degree of learning difficulties and/or disorders of mood or behaviour were present in all children. Optic atrophy, MR brain white matter changes and epilepsy were also common, especially in those children who were more severely affected overall. Conclusions: KIF1A related disorders are so diverse that it is arguably misleading to consider them as a single disease entity. Features common to the majority of affected patients include upper motor neuron involvement, and neuropathy (even in the absence of an obvious sensory deficit), with high risk of other neurological and neurobehavioural comorbidities. ER  - 
RHOBTB2 mutations cause a range of episodic movement disorders as well as epilepsy$$$ Objectives: Heterozygous de novo RHOBTB2 mutations have recently been reported in developmental and epileptic encephalopathy, but the associated movement phenotypes are not fully delineated. In order to better define the expanding phenotype and movement disorder in RHOBTB2-related disease, we report a series of 9 unrelated patients presenting with complex movement disorders as well as epilepsy and developmental impairment. Methods: Cases were identified both in the UK (through the neurogenetic services at Great Ormond Street Hospital and the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, London), and from international collaborating centres. Data were collected retrospectively by the patients' clinicians, using a standardised proforma. Results: Nine individuals were identified, aged from 2 to 55 years. 8/9 had epilepsy. Of these, 4/8 had achieved seizure freedom at their last review. The commonest seizure types were focal onset with impaired awareness and/or focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures. 7/9 also had a paroxysmal movement disorder, which included hemiplegic or asymmetrical episodic weakness in 5/7, generalised dyskinesia in 4/7, episodic focal dystonia in 3/7 and episodic ataxia in 3/7. All individuals affected by a movement disorder had at least two different types of episodes. Movement disorders improved significantly after treatment with carbamazepine in three children. Cognitive ability varied from average to severe intellectual disability and in all but one case, developmental delay predated the onset of epilepsy. Conclusions: RHOBTB2 mutations cause a complex neurological phenotype associated with both epileptic and non-epileptic paroxysms. Paroxysmal events occurring in people with known RHOBTB2 mutation should therefore not be assumed always to be epileptic in nature. Our study confirms that a wide variety of movement disorders are reported, including some which fall within the spectrum of alternating hemiplegia of childhood (AHC). RHOBTB2 should thus be considered as a potential gene for AHC, other complex movement disorder phenotypes and epilepsy-dyskinesia syndromes. ER  - 
Additional Safety and Exploratory Efficacy Data at 48 and 60 Months from Open-HART, an Open-Label Extension Study of Pridopidine in Huntington Disease$$$ Background: Open-HART was an open-label extension of HART, a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of pridopidine in Huntington disease (HD). Previously, we reported safety and exploratory efficacy data after 36 months of treatment with pridopidine 45 mg twice daily. In the interim, emerging data suggests pridopidine may have neuroprotective effects mediated by sigma-1 receptor agonism. Objective: To report additional safety and exploratory efficacy data for continued open-label use of 45 mg BID pridopidine at 48 and 60 months. Methods: Patients in Open-HART were followed up to or greater than 60 months. Adverse events, concomitant medications, vital signs, laboratory values, and ECG data were monitored. Rates of decline in total functional capacity (TFC) and total motor score (TMS) over 60 months were evaluated in an exploratory analysis and compared between Open-HART and placebo recipients from the 2CARE trial. To account for missing data, sensitivity analyses were performed. Results: Of the original Open-HART baseline cohort (N = 118), 40 remained in the study at 48 months and 33 at 60 months. Pridopidine remained safe and well tolerated over the 60-month interval. TFC and TMS at 48 and 60 months remained stable, showing less decline at these timepoints compared to historical placebo controls from the 2CARE trial. TFC differences at 48 and 60 months observed remained nominally significant after sensitivity analysis. Conclusion: The 45 mg BID pridopidine dosage remained safe and tolerable over 60 months. Exploratory analyses show TFC and TMS stability at 48 and 60 months, in contrast to placebo historical controls from the 2CARE trial. Results are consistent with data reported from the recent Phase 2 PRIDE-HD trial showing less functional decline in the pridopidine 45 mg BID treated group at 52 weeks. ER  - 
Estimated Prevalence of Asthma in US Children with Developmental Disabilities$$$ Importance: The prevalence of asthma in US children with various developmental disabilities and delays is unclear, including how estimates vary by ethnic group. Objective: To report asthma prevalence estimates by various disability categories and developmental delays in a diverse sample of the US pediatric population. Design, Setting, and Participants: This population-based cross-sectional study encompassed a total of 71 811 families with children or adolescents aged 0 to 17 years (hereinafter referred to as children) who participated in the 2016 and 2017 National Survey of Children's Health. Data were collected from June 10, 2016, to February 10, 2017, for the 2016 survey and from August 10, 2017, to February 10, 2018, for the 2017 survey. Data were analyzed from September 20, 2019, to April 5, 2020. Exposures: Developmental disability, including attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autism spectrum disorder, cerebral palsy, seizure, intellectual and/or learning disability, and vision, hearing, and/or speech delay. Delay was defined as not meeting growth milestones with unknown cause. Main Outcomes and Measures: Weighted asthma prevalence estimates and 95% CIs were generated for children with and without disabilities. Results: A total of 71 811 participants (mean [SE] age, 8.6 [0.1] years; 36 800 boys [51.1%; 95% CI, 50.2%-52.0%]; 50 219 non-Hispanic white [51.4%; 95% CI, 50.6%-52.3%]) were included in our final analytical sample, of whom 5687 (7.9%; 95% CI, 7.5%-8.4%) had asthma and 11 426 (15.3%; 95% CI, 14.7%-16.0%) had at least 1 disability. Overall asthma prevalence estimates were 10 percentage points higher in children with a disability (16.1%; 95% CI, 14.3%-17.8%) vs children without a disability (6.5%; 95% CI, 6.0%-6.9%). The odds of asthma were significantly higher in children with a disability (odds ratio [OR], 2.77; 95% CI, 2.39-3.21) or delay (OR, 2.22; 95% CI, 1.78-2.77) vs typically growing children. Adjusted models remained significant for all disability categories (overall adjusted OR, 2.21; 95% CI, 1.87-2.62). Subgroup analyses showed ethnic minorities had a higher prevalence of concurrent asthma and developmental disabilities vs non-Hispanic whites (19.8% [95% CI, 16.6%-23.0%] vs 12.6% [95% CI, 11.1%-14.0%]; P <.001). Conclusions and Relevance: These results suggest that US children with various developmental disabilities or delay may have higher odds for developing asthma vs their typically developing peers. These findings support asthma screening in pediatric health care settings among patients with developmental disabilities and delays, particularly among those from ethnic minority backgrounds. In addition, very young children with asthma should be screened for disabilities and delays, because temporality cannot be determined by the current data source and analytical approach.. ER  - 
Risk Factors for Delayed Surgical Recovery and Massive Bleeding in Skull Base Surgery$$$ To determine factors that delay surgical recovery and increase intraoperative hemorrhage in skull base surgery. Methods: Factors related to delayed postoperative recovery were retrospectively reviewed in 33 patients who underwent open skull base surgery. Early and late recovery phases were assessed as "days required to walk around the ward (DWW)"and "length of hospital stay (LHS),"respectively. Intraoperative blood loss was cal-culated every hour and analyzed in 4 steps, i.e., craniotomy and intracranial manipulation, cranial fossa osteotomy, extracranial osteotomy, and reconstruction. Results: More than 4,000 mL of blood loss (B = 2.7392, Exp[B] = 15.4744; 95% CI 1.1828-202.4417) and comorbidi-ty (B = 2.3978, Exp[B]) = 10.9987; 95% CI 1.3534-98.3810) significantly prolonged the DWW; the occurrence of postoperative complications significantly delayed the LHS (p = 0.0316). Tumor invasion to the hard palate, the maxillary sinus, the pterygopalatine fossa, the base of the pterygoid process, the sphenoid sinus, the middle cranial fossa, and the cavernous sinus and a long operation time (>13 h) were associated with increased total hemorrhage. The optimal cut-off hemorrhage volume associated with total massive blood loss in craniotomy and intracranial manipulation (AUC = 0.8364), cranial fossa osteotomy (AUC = 0.8000), and extracranial osteotomy (AUC = 0.8545) was 1,111, 750, and 913 mL, respectively. Persistent infection (6%) and neuropsychiatric disorder (6%) are direct causes of delayed LHS. Conclusion: Blood loss, comorbidity, and postoperative complications were risk factors for delayed surgical recovery. Meticulous preoperative planning, intraoperative surefire hemostasis, and perioperative holistic management are prerequisites for safe skull base surgery. ER  - 
Clinical outcomes of the combination of bevacizumab and ttfields in patients with recurrent glioblastoma: Results of a phase II clinical trial$$$ Background: Clinical trials of bevacizumab monotherapy and TTFields monotherapy have shown activity but limited clinical benefit in patients (pts) with recurrent glioblastoma (GBM), with median progression-free survival (PFS) of 2-4 months and median overall survival (OS) of 6-9 months with either treatment modality. In a single-arm phase II clinical trial, the efficacy of the combination of bevacizumab and TTFields in pts with recurrent GBM was investigated. Methods:Pts with histologically confirmed GBM or other grade IV gliomas, who had disease progression after chemoradiation were enrolled in a phase II trial of the combination of bevacizumab and TTFields. Bevacizumab was given at a dose of 10 mg/Kg intravenously every 2 weeks and TTFields was worn by the pts continuously for more than 18 hours per day. Treatment was continued until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. The primary endpoints were PFS at 6 months and OS at 12 months. Survival outcomes were assessed using the Kaplan-Meier method and compared by log rank test. Treatment-related adverse events were reported according to CTCAE, v4.0 criteria. Results: From April 2013 to December 2017, 25 pts were enrolled and 23 were evaluable: 18 (78%) men and 5 (22%) women, median age 60 years (range 17-78). 21 pts were Caucasian, 1 was African American and 1 of unknown race. After a median follow up of 31.6 months (range: 4.1-59.0 months), 21 out of 23 pts died (4 women and 17 men). The median PFS was 4.1 months (95%CI, 3.6-9.5) and the median OS was 10.5 months (95% CI, 8.2-14.9). The PFS rate at 6 and 12 months were 33% and 19%, respectively. The OS rate at 6 and 12 months were 82% and 46%, respectively. Women had better OS and PFS compared to men, however, the difference was not statistically significant which can be due to the small study population (table). Grade 3 and 4 toxicities considered definitely or probably related to the treatment included hypertension (n = 1) and cerebral infarction (n = 1). Other reported grade 3-4 toxicities (n = 7) included cough, dysphagia, muscle weakness, hyperglycemia, psychosis, seizure, lymphopenia, transaminitis, and muscle weakness considered unlikely to be treatment-related. Conclusions: The combination of bevacizumab and TTFields in is safe and feasible and has clinical efficacy in pts with recurrent GBM. ER  - 
A 16 year (2002-2017) review of enquiries regarding plant abuse in Austria$$$ Objective: Many plants have effects which predispose them to recreational misuse. Most of these plants are house or garden plants or can easily be bought online. We reviewed cases of plant abuse reported to our poison centre. Methods: A retrospective review of enquiries to the Austrian Poisons Information Centre (PIC) concerning plants misused for psychoactive effects was conducted. The extracted data include age cohort, symptoms and Poisoning Severity Score (PSS). Results: Overall 185 cases (143 male, 40 female and 2 unknown gender), with exposure to psychoactive plants were extracted from the database. The route was oral in 177 cases, inhalation in six cases, and intravenous in two cases. In 58 cases the age of patients was unknown. Five children aged between 13 and 14 years, 26 patients aged 21 to 30 years, and five patients over 30 years were evaluated. The largest group was 91 youths aged between 15 and 20 years. The plants involved in recreational use were Brugmansia suaveolens (n= 72), Argyreia nervosa (n= 42), Datura stramonium (n= 20), Myristica fragrans (n= 16), Atropa belladonna (n= 8), Merremia tuberosa (n= 5), Ipomoea violacea (n= 4), Papaver somniferum (n= 3), Ipomoea tricolor (n= 3), Mitragyna speciosa (n= 3), Salvia divinorum (n= 2), Taxus baccata (n= 2), ayahuasca (n= 1), Digitalis lutea (n= 1), Peganum harmala (n= 1), Ricinus communis (n= 1) and Sida cordifolia (n= 1). At the time of PIC consultation 27 patients (14.5%) were asymptomatic. In 57 cases (31%) symptoms were mild (PSS1): nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, gastralgia, abdominal pain, constipation, vertigo, headache, drowsiness, somnolence, restlessness, mild confusion, paraesthesia, mydriasis, visual disturbances, dyspnoea, mucous membrane irritation, urinary retention. In 99 patients (53.5%) moderate symptoms (PSS2) occurred: nausea, vomiting, drowsiness, somnolence, coma responsive to pain, agitation, hallucination, moderate confusion, muscle fasciculation, seizures, delirium, panic attacks, dysarthria, sinus tachycardia, hypertension, and angina pectoris. Two patients (1%) had severe symptoms (PSS3) with mydriasis, deep coma unresponsive to pain, recurrent generalized seizures and aspiration. Both patients had ingested Brugmansia suaveolens. Hallucinations developed in 59 (32%) and agitation in 40 (22%) cases. There were no fatalities. Conclusion: Drugs of plant origin are easy to obtain, either directly or via the Internet. These "natural drugs" are very interesting for young people and they often like to experiment with them. The majority of cases (54%) had moderate symptoms according to the PSS. Therefore, observation in an intensive care unit may be necessary in some cases. ER  - 
Indication and yield of ambulatory EEG recordings$$$ Objective: To study the indications and yield of ambulatory electroencephalogram (aEEG). Background: aEEG is increasingly ordered in the workup of patients with seizure disorders. There are no large-scale studies evaluating its indications and yield. Design/Methods: This is a retrospective chart review of all Northwestern Hospital patients who underwent aEEG studies between 2013 and 2017. Indications for aEEG were classified into five categories: detection of interictal epileptiform discharges (IED), capturing clinical events, detection of subclinical seizures, quantification of known IEDs, and unclassifiable reason for study. aEEG reports were reviewed to evaluate whether the study answered the clinical question. Results: A total of 1538 studies were performed. 40 studies were excluded for incomplete data and 234 for being a repeat study. A total of 1264 patients (1983 recording days) were included. Average recording days was 1.57 ± 0.73. Based on history or prior findings, patients carried the following diagnosis: 47.7% epilepsy, 11% provoked seizures, 28% paroxysmal events (PEs), and 13.3% were unclassifiable. Overall, focal IED were seen in 16.1% of studies, generalized IED in 10.8%, focal seizures in 4.1%, and generalized seizures in 1.9%.-The most frequent indication for aEEG was evaluating IED for diagnostic purposes (48.1%). For this indication, additional information was provided by the aEEG in 19.1% of cases (11.2% focal IED, 6.4% generalized IED, 1.5% seizures without IED).-aEEG was ordered to capture clinical events in 18.9% of the cases, mostly in patients who reported daily or weekly spells. In these, PEs without EEG correlate were captured in 36.0% whereas 7.1% had epileptic events.-aEEG was ordered to evaluate for subclinical seizures in 17.9% of the cases; 13.3% of these studies captured seizures. Conclusions: The yield of aEEG varies based on the indication for the study. aEEG can be a useful tool for capturing IED, subclinical seizures, and clinical events in the outpatient setting. ER  - 
A potential cure in adult onset subacute sclerosing panencephalitis$$$ Objective: A case of adult onset SSPE who improved after treatment and is presently in remission is reported. Background: Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPE), a slow viral infection of central nervous system caused by mutated measles virus, is an insidiously progressive disorder invariably leads to fatality within 1-3 years after onset. Various medications such as isoprinosine, interferons and ribavirin have been tried unsuccessfully till date. Design/Methods: Case Report Results: A 21-year lady presented with recurrent myoclonic jerks for 6 months, recurrent generalized tonic clonic seizures and one episode of status epilepticus surviving cardiorespiratory arrest. She also had psychosis for a year controlled on aripripazole, cognitive decline, slow gait and required 2-person support. She was cachexic, irritable, had generalized lead-pipe rigidity and bradykinesia. She had quasiperiodic negative myoclonus every 10-14 seconds, with frequent major jerks causing her to fall. MRI brain showed mild diffuse cerebral and cerebellar atrophy and EEG showed long duration long interval periodic complexes. ELISA for IgG for measles was positive and a diagnosis of SSPE was made. Being refractory to multiple antiepileptic drugs and unable to afford medications generally recommended for SSPE, she was given a trial of levamisole with gradual escalation. After no initial change, a subtle decrease in frequency of major jerks was noted after 2 months. By 3-6 months, major jerks had reduced and periodic myoclonus progressively became infrequent. By 20 months, there was rare myoclonus in 8-10 hours and these completely subsided by 21 months. At 2 years after starting levamisole, she was able to walk unsupported and talk more fluently. EEG at this time showed normal background with no epileptiform activity. Conclusions: Levamisole, an immunopotentiating agent, generally has poor effect in autoimmune disorders and cancer. While no drug has yielded satisfactory results in SSPE till date, this case demonstrates the curative potential of levamisole in adult onset SSPE. ER  - 
Using machine learning to augment differentiation of epileptic and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures recorded with semg$$$ Objective: To use machine learning (ML) to optimize differentiation of non-tonic-clonic (non-TC) epileptic seizures (ES) from psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) using surface electromyography (sEMG). Background: Continuous sEMG recordings from the biceps muscle have been used in recent studies to differentiate between ES and PNES. Using empirical observation, features were extracted and manually evaluated for usefulness in classifying events as ES or non-ES. Automated classification of those seizures showed excellent accuracy for labelling TC seizures as ES (100%) but only moderate accuracy for labelling non-TC ES as ES (71%) and PNES as non-ES (79%). This study aimed to improve ML performance in differentiation of non-TC ES from PNES. Design/Methods: Fifty-five events, including 37 non-TC ES and 18 PNES, were collected during previous studies from 4 EMUs in the US and Austria and retrospectively evaluated. Seizures were verified by three epileptologists' review of vEEG (majority rules). Twenty-four features were extracted based evidence from discrete and continuous wavelet transforms, local maxima from derivatives, and amplitude-based analyses. The pattern recognition artificial neural network toolbox from MATLAB 2019a was used to identify the most valuable features for ML classification. A single hidden network ML model was used so that the value of each feature could be more easily determined. For training, validation, and testing, 38, 6, and 11 events were used, respectively. Results: ML model performance accuracy for the training, validation, and testing was 94.7%, 100%, and 81.8% respectively. Of the 24 evaluated input features, 16 features were weighted within an order of magnitude of the highest weighted feature. Conclusions: ML models trained on sEMG signal data from the biceps muscle may be able to classify non-TC seizure events as either ES or PNES. Optimized extraction techniques and ML model approaches will be investigated and presented at the conference. ER  - 
Are we following best practices for evaluation of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES)-we shouldn't need to reinvent the wheel$$$ Objective: To assess for adherence in the best practices for evaluation of Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), as pertains to EEG testing. Background: Hospital-based Video EEG is the gold standard diagnosis for PNES while ambulatory EEG without video was found to be less well suited. We reviewed data at level IV epilepsy center to assess adherence to best practice parameters in patients found to have PNES. Design/Methods: Retrospective case series at a level IV epilepsy center. We analyzed data for patients 18 years and above confirmed to have PNES by EEG including video (VEEG), routine (REEG) and ambulatory (AEEG) from 01/01/2010 to 6/1/2017 with at least one captured event. EEG database was searched for “PNES” meeting the above criteria. We reviewed the order in which tests were obtained, duration and findings of the EEG. Results: 86.70 % of patients had VEEG as the initial test, with 82.5% having 2+ stereotypical events over an average of 2.38 days of EEG. A duration of fewer than 2.0 days tended to be associated with few (1) or no events captured and likely retesting. The presence of epileptiform versus non-epileptiform abnormalities on EEG were associated with 3.50 days versus 2.38 days of EEG. REEG versus AEEG as an initial test in 6.96% and 6.63% respectively. EEG re-testing was seen in 22.78% of the entire population study. Repeat EEG testing was done in 17 (11.68%), 10 (90.91%) and 11 (100.00%) patients who underwent VEEG, REEG and AEEG respectively. Even after 70% of patients with AEEG had 2 or more events on the initial recording, retesting was required in all. Conclusions: VEEG use as the initial test is consistent with best practices, however, AEEG use needs to be limited given prior reports and re-testing seen in this cohort. Two or more days of EEG are associated with a higher yield. ER  - 
Ed visits and readmissions following epilepsy monitoring unit discharge$$$ Objective: To evaluate outcomes after Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) discharge in patients diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) compared to those diagnosed with epileptic seizures (ES), and to identify gaps in care. Background: Inpatient video-EEG is often used in the diagnostic evaluation of paroxysmal events. A proportion are ultimately diagnosed with PNES and referred to outpatient psychotherapy. In recent years our epilepsy center has worked to improve access to outpatient psychotherapy. Design/Methods: This retrospective study included 100 consecutive adult patients discharged from the EMU. Patients admitted for invasive monitoring were excluded. Clinical variables including purpose of admission, discharge diagnosis, completion of follow-up plan, and unplanned seizure-related emergency department (ED) visits and readmissions were recorded and analyzed. Results: Overall, 42% of patients were diagnosed with ES, 34% with PNES, 3% with both ES and PNES, 4% with physiologic non-epileptic events, and 17% of evaluations were inconclusive. Antiseizure medications were changed or doses adjusted in 58% of patients. The follow-up plan was completed in 66% of patients (52% of PNES vs. 90% of ES patients). The most common follow-up plan in PNES patients was outpatient psychotherapy, and patients were given appointments with a clinical psychologist a median of 21 days post EMU discharge. Most common health-system-related gap in care was lack of insurance coverage. In the first 90 days after EMU discharge, 9% of patients had an unplanned seizure-related ED visit or readmission, 19% of those with ES and 3% of those with PNES. Median duration of follow-up was 212 days. Conclusions: Seizure-related ED visits and readmissions occurred more commonly in patients with ES compared to PNES. While PNES was a common discharge diagnosis after inpatient video-EEG monitoring, only 52% of patients returned for follow-up, compared to 90% of patients with ES. Efforts should focus on identifying and addressing barriers to follow-up in patients with PNES. ER  - 
Cognitive and psychiatric outcomes following epilepsy surgery$$$ Objective: To evaluate the changes in neurocognitive and psychiatric profile in patients with intractable epilepsy who had undergone epilepsy surgery. Background: Epilepsy surgery can be a successful treatment option for medically refractory epilepsy; however, there remains concern regarding neuropsychological decline following surgical interventions. Design/Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of neuropsychological evaluations of patients who underwent temporal lobectomy with emphasis on verbal memory, visuospatial abilities, learning, attention/concentration, depression, and anxiety. Post-surgical evaluations were compared to pre-surgical scores using 2-tailed T-test. Pearson correlation was used to assess for association between change in neuropsychiatric scores with seizure control and change in AED. Results: Nineteen patients were included in this study. Ten patients had undergone left temporal lobectomy, 7 with right temporal lobectomy, and 2 with right frontal lobectomy. Full seizure cessation was achieved in 52% of patients, while 37% showed partial reduction in seizure frequency, and 11% showed no change. After surgery, patients showed improvement in symptoms of depression (BDI 16.9 ± 11.8 vs 8.4 ± 8.1; p=0.008) and anxiety (BAI 15.7 ± 11.7 vs 8.5 ± 9.9; p=0.05). There was no difference between patients who had undergone left versus right temporal lobectomy. There was a trend towards correlation between improvement in anxiety and seizure control (R=-0.49; p=0.06). Mean IQ was 88.0±13.2. In domain of verbal learning, 21% showed improvement, 32% showed worsening, and 47% showed unchanged function. Visuospatial abilities were improved in 16%, worsened in 21%, and unchanged in 63%. Language ability was improved in 21%, worsened in 16%, and unchanged in 63%. Attention/concentration improved in 21%, worsened in 21%, and remained unchanged in 58%. Conclusions: Epilepsy surgery is an effective treatment for patients with intractable epilepsy. Patients show improvement in symptoms of depression and anxiety, which correlate with the degree of seizure control post-operatively. Patients show considerable changes in all neuropsychological domains post-operatively. ER  - 
Evaluation of triggers of status migrainosus and its impact on morbidity$$$ Objective: We tried to analyze the prevalence trend of SM, assess the risk factors to identify potential triggers and morbidity predictors for SM. Background: Status migrainosus (SM) is usually resistant to standard migraine medications and leads to a large proportion of migraine hospitalizations. Design/Methods: We performed a population-based retrospective cross-sectional analysis of Nationwide Inpatient Sample (years 2003-2014) in adult (>18-years) hospitalizations for status migrainosus(and intractable migraine) using ICD-9-CM code. Morbidity was defined by hospital stay >5days(>90 percentile of mean migraine hospitalizations) and discharge other than home(short-term hospitals/skilled nursing facility/home health care/intermediate care facility). We performed weighted univariate analysis using chi-square test, paired t-test, and cochranarmitage trend test. We performed weighted multivariate survey logistic regression analyses to evaluate the triggers of SM and predictors of SM-related morbidity. Results: A total of 446,446 US hospitalizations had a primary diagnosis of migraine. Out of these, 130,914(29.32%) patients had SM. There was a significant increase in the prevalence of SM in the migraineurs (2003:27.49% to 2014:32.68%; pTrend<0.0001). Patients with SM tend to be younger (median age 40-year vs. 44-year), females(85.86%vs.78.31%; p<0.0001), and whites(81.83%vs.70.31;p<0.0001), compared to patients without SM. On weighted analysis, drug abuse (4.76%vs.3.93%;aOR=1.13;95%CI=1.03-1.24), vitamin D deficiency (0.70%vs.0.53%;aOR=1.28;95%CI=1.05-1.56), opioid abuse (1.76%vs.0.99%;aOR=1.43;95%CI=1.22-1.68), organic sleep disorders (3.41%vs.3.06%;aOR=1.38;95%CI=1.26-1.50), medication overuse headache (1.66%vs.0.28%;aOR=3.63;95%CI=2.95-4.45), generalized anxiety disorder (1.36%vs.0.63%;aOR=1.50;95%CI=1.28-1.77), major depression disorder (29.03%vs.19.26%;aOR=1.56;95%CI=1.50-1.62), and post-traumatic stress disorder (1.90%vs.1.21%;aOR=1.37;95%CI=1.21-1.55) were associated with higher prevalence and odds of SM. SM patients had higher prevalence and odds of morbidity (1.20%vs.0.98%;aOR=1.67;95%CI=1.43-1.96) compared to patients without SM. Acute ischemic stroke (aOR=2.60;95%CI=1.34-5.07), hemorrhagic stroke (aOR=7.07;95%CI=1.94-25.72), obesity (aOR=1.47;95%CI=1.22-1.78), atrial fibrillation (aOR=1.62;95%CI=1.19-2.20), renal failure(acute/chronic/end-stage) (aOR=1.38;95%CI=1.04-1.83), epilepsy (aOR=2.31;95%CI=1.88-2.82), generalized anxiety disorder (aOR=1.78;95%CI=1.02-3.11), major depression disorder (aOR=1.38;95%CI=1.19-1.61), and post-traumatic stress disorder (aOR=1.74;95%CI=1.15-2.66) were associated with higher morbidity in SM patients. Conclusions: The study reveals triggers for SM and shows higher morbidity associated with SM. Early identification and management of triggers may help mitigate the burden of SM. ER  - 
Process evaluation of a district mental healthcare plan in Nepal: A mixed-methods case study$$$ Background The PRogramme for Improving Mental Health carE (PRIME) evaluated the process and outcomes of the implementation of a mental healthcare plan (MHCP) in Chitwan, Nepal.Aims To describe the process of implementation, the barriers and facilitating factors, and to evaluate the process indicators of the MHCP.Method A case study design that combined qualitative and quantitative methods based on a programme theory of change (ToC) was used and included: (a) district-, community- and health-facility profiles; (b) monthly implementation logs; (c) pre- and post-training evaluation; (d) out-patient clinical data and (e) qualitative interviews with patients and caregivers.Results The MHCP was able to achieve most of the indicators outlined by the ToC. Of the total 32 indicators, 21 (66%) were fully achieved, 10 (31%) partially achieved and 1 (3%) were not achieved at all. The proportion of primary care patients that received mental health services increased by 1200% over the 3-year implementation period. Major barriers included frequent transfer of trained health workers, lack of confidential space for consultation, no mental health supervision in the existing system, and stigma. Involvement of Ministry of Health, procurement of new psychotropic medicines through PRIME, motivation of health workers and the development of a new supervision system were key facilitating factors.Conclusions Effective implementation of mental health services in primary care settings require interventions to increase demand for services and to ensure there is clinical supervision for health workers, private rooms for consultations, a separate cadre of psychosocial workers and a regular supply of psychotropic medicines. ER  - 
Psychotropic Drug Use in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder Admitted to a Training and Research Hospital Outpatient Clinic: A Retrospective Cross-Sectional Study$$$ This study aimed to examine demographic and clinical variables, psychiatric comorbidities, the prevalence of psychotropic drug use, relationships between drug use, demographic and clinical variables, and predictors of drug use in children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) admitted to a training and research hospital outpatient clinic. Four hundred and eleven children with ASD admitted to the Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Dr. Sami Ulus Maternity and Children's Health and Diseases Training and Research Hospital, between October 1, 2019 and December 31, 2019, were retrospectively reviewed. Demographic and clinical variables, psychiatric comorbidities, and characteristics of drug use for the cases were recorded. Psychotropic drug use was found in 34.3% (n = 141) of the cases. Our results revealed male sex and psychiatric comorbidity as predictors of psychotropic drug use. Antipsychotics were the most prescribed drugs, and the most common psychiatric comorbidity was conduct disorder. Also, children with ASD who had been toilet-trained, and could express sentences but were illiterate, were using psychotropic drugs more often than others. Future multicentered, large clinic-based studies from training and research hospitals should focus on trends of treatment in psychiatric comorbidities accompanying ASD, and constitute a systematic approach for the psychopharmacological treatment of these cases. ER  - 
Epidemiology of Functional Seizures among Adults Treated at a University Hospital$$$ Importance: Functional seizures (formerly psychogenic nonepileptic seizures), paroxysmal episodes that are often similar to epileptic seizures in their clinical presentation and display no aberrant brain electrical patterns, are understudied. Patients experience a long diagnostic delay, few treatment modalities, a high rate of comorbidities, and significant stigma due to the lack of knowledge about functional seizures. Objective: To characterize the clinical epidemiology of a population of patients with functional seizures observed at Vanderbilt University Medical Center (VUMC). Design, Setting, and Participants: This case-control study included patients with functional seizures identified in the VUMC electronic health record (VUMC-EHR) system from October 1989 to October 2018. Patients with epilepsy were excluded from the study and all remaining patients in the VUMC medical center system were used as controls. In total, the study included 1431 patients diagnosed with functional seizures, 2251 with epilepsy and functional seizures, 4715 with epilepsy without functional seizures, and 502200 control patients who received treatment at VUMC for a minimum of a 3 years. Data were analyzed from November 2018 to March 2020. Exposure: Diagnosis of functional seizures, as identified from the VUMC-EHR system by an automated phenotyping algorithm that incorporated International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) codes, International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) codes, Current Procedural Terminology codes, and natural language processing. Main Outcomes and Measures: Associations of functional seizures with comorbidities and risk factors, measured in odds ratios (ORs). Results: Of 2346808 total patients in the VUMC-EHR aged 18 years or older, 3341 patients with functional seizures were identified (period prevalence, 0.14%), 1062 (74.2%) of whom were women and for which the median (interquartile range) age was 49.3 (39.4-59.9) years. This assessment replicated previously reported associations with psychiatric disorders including posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) (OR, 1.22; 95% CI, 1.21-1.24; P < 3.02 × 10-5), anxiety (OR, 1.14; 95% CI, 1.13-1.15; P < 3.02 × 10-5), and depression (OR, 1.14; 95% CI, 1.13-1.15; P < 3.02 × 10-5), and identified novel associations with cerebrovascular disease (OR, 1.08; 95% CI, 1.06-1.09; P < 3.02 × 10-5). An association was found between functional seizures and the known risk factor sexual assault trauma (OR, 10.26; 95% CI, 10.09-10.44; P < 3.02 × 10-5), and sexual assault trauma was found to mediate nearly a quarter of the association between female sex and functional seizures in the VUMC-EHR. Conclusions and Relevance: This case-control study found evidence to support previously reported associations, discovered new associations between functional seizures and PTSD, anxiety, and depression. An association between cerebrovascular disease and functional seizures was also found. Results suggested that sexual trauma may be a mediating factor in the association between female sex and functional seizures. ER  - 
Spectrum of childhood-onset systemic lupus erythematosus and its clinical course$$$ Introduction: Childhood systemic lupus erythematosus (cSLE) is an autoimmune systemic disease diagnosed in children under the age of 18 years old, leading to an important morbidity and mortality. Typically in the literature, cSLE is described in the literature with a more severe clinical course compared to adult-onset. Objectives: To analyze clinical manifestations within the first year after the diagnosis of cSLE and its subsequent clinical course. Methods: A descriptive, observational, cross-sectional study was carried out. Inclusion criteria: all patients with diagnosis of cSLE based on 1997 updated American College of Rheumatology (ACR) criteria or 2012 Systemic International Collaborating Clinics (SLICC), in a tertiary hospital. Exclusion criteria: patients with a diagnosis of cSLE in another center, as data of the onset of the disease was not available. Demographic, clinical and analytical data were collected. Results: 42 patients were included, 38 (90.5%) girls and 4 (9.5%) boys. 39 (92.9%) were Caucasians. Mean age at diagnosis was 13.3 years (range: 7-18). Clinical manifestations within the first year of cSLE and complementary tests are shown in Table 1. 31 (73.8%) children developed a major organ involvement within the first year of the disease. Renal impairment was the most frequent manifestation (20 patients, 47.6%); followed by neurological (8 patients, 19%), lung (2 patients, 4.8%), and cardiac (1 patient, 2.4%) involvement. Class IV lupus nephritis, based on 2003 International Society of Nephrology and the Renal Pathology Society (ISN/RPS) classification, was the most frequent (50%). The most common neurological manifestations was the presence of seizures (4 patients, 9.5%), followed by: 1 pseudotumor (2.4%), 1 chorea (2.4%), 1 aseptic meningitis (2.4%), 1 peripheral nervous system (2.4%) and 1 lupus psychosis (2.4%). Regarding lung disorders, 2 (4.8%) lupus pneumonitis were registered; and within cardiac involvement, 1 (2.4%) tamponade. Following the first year of the onset (maximum follow-up period: 46 years), just 6 (14.2%) patients suffered from major organ involvement, with a mean time of 29.5 months (range 12 months-17 years). 20 (47.6%) children required a strong immunosuppressant drug as mycophenolate, cyclophosphamide, azathioprine or biologic therapy within the first year. 1 death was registered. Conclusion: In our patient cohort with cSLE, 88% patients developed a major organ involvement. 73% children suffered from this kind of manifestations during the first year after diagnosis, being less frequent (14.2%) as the disease progresses. Renal impairment was the most common, followed by neurological, lung and cardiac involvement. ER  - 
A case of mistaken identities: Is there really an increased risk of psychosis in seizure patients?$$$ Background: Psychosis is more frequently diagnosed in seizure patients when compared with the general population. We conducted a retrospective cohort study to examine risk factors associated with a diagnosis of psychosis not otherwise specified (NOS) among veterans with seizures. Objective: Characterize psychosis NOS in veterans with seizures. Methods: Electronic health records of post-9/11 veterans were extracted (N5801,883) to identify veterans with a diagnosis of epilepsy (N510,994), psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) (N5751), and general sample without reported seizures (N5790,068). We conducted multivariate analysis to compare risk factors across the groups. Results: In our cohort, 31% of the PNES, 28% of the epilepsy, and 5% of the general veterans were coded for psychosis NOS. Between the PNES sample and general veteran sample, the following conditions were prevalent, respectively: drug abuse 36%, 27% (OR 1.5, p<0.001), major depression 49%, 36% (OR 1.7, p<0.001), and PTSD 91%, 77% (OR 2.8, p<0.001). Conclusions: When veterans were diagnosed with PNES and drug abuse, mild depression, or PTSD, they were more likely to be coded for psychosis NOS than veterans without seizures. The diagnosis of psychosis NOS in veterans with seizures may reflect clinicians' uncertainty regarding presenting symptoms or mistaking symptoms of these conditions for psychosis. The large proportion of psychosis NOS may also be due to coding error. Future research will identify specific causes for the diagnosis of psychosis NOS coding in veterans with seizures. ER  - 
Peripheral Regional Techniques Can Decrease Opioid Consumption: Comparison of Postoperative Pain Management Strategies for Aortic Coarctation Repair$$$ Introduction: Patients undergoing surgical repair of coarctation of the aorta (CoA) via thoracotomy traditionally are managed with multimodal intravenous analgesia. Concerns regarding the use of neuraxial anesthesia in this patient population include the use of heparin intraoperatively, hypothermic coagulopathy, and the potential to delay neurological assessment of the lower limbs. Our objective was to assess the role of peripheral regional anesthesia in pediatric patients undergoing CoA repair. Methods: Retrospective chart review of pediatric patients who underwent CoA repair via thoracotomy between September 2013 and July 2018 was performed. Exclusion criteria were neonates weighing <3kg and the use of cardiopulmonary bypass. Propensity scores based on age, weight, same day admission status, and preoperative intubation were used to match patients who received a regional catheter technique (C) versus traditional medical treatment only (M). Outcomes assessed were postoperative hospital length of stay, median pain scores in the first 24 and 48 hours and total morphine equivalent use in the first 24 and 48 hours. Results: Ninety-five patients met inclusion criteria. After propensity score matching, 34 patients were included in further analysis. In group C, 5 patients received a paravertebral catheter, 5 received an erector spinae plane catheter, and 7 received an extrapleural catheter. The median age was 172 days (interquartile range (IQR) 64-1315) in group C and 176 days (IQR 71-1146) in group M (P=0.849). The median weight was 6.8kg (IQR 4.8-13.6) in group C and 7.7kg (IQR 4.6-17.4) in group M (P=0.877). Fourteen patients in each group (82%) were admitted on the same day and none were intubated preoperatively. The median intraoperative morphine equivalent dose was 4 mg/kg in group C (IQR 2.6-5.2) and 4.5 mg/kg in group M (IQR 3.2-6) (P=0.196). The median morphine equivalent dose administered in the first 24 hours was lower in group C than in group M: 0.8 mg/kg (IQR 0.5-1.1) versus 1.4 mg/kg (IQR 0.9-1.7), respectively (P=0.019). Outcomes are shown in Table 1. Catheters were removed on a median of postoperative day 2 (IQR 1-3). There were no cases of catheter leakage or migration, no seizures and no deaths. Discussion: Our results suggest lower opioid usage at 24 hours among pediatric patients who received a regional catheter for CoA repair via thoracotomy. There were no complications related to the use of regional anesthesia in this patient series. Conclusions: Peripheral regional techniques may be used to reduce opioid requirements in patients after CoA repair. Due to the low risk of these catheters, they should be considered as part of a pain management strategy. ER  - 
The use of biofeedback intervention in the improvement of depression levels: A randomized trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the use of biofeedback intervention in the levels of depression. The main hypothesis tested if the use of biofeedback improves depression levels compared to the control group. Methods: A randomized clinical trial. The final sample was composed of 36 participants (18 in the experimental group, receiving six training, once a week, with biofeedback; and 18 in the control group, who received conventional treatment in the service).Outcome measures were assessed in two stages: pre-test and post-test. The research used the following instruments: demographic survey data, Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview 5.0.0, and Beck Depression Inventory. The factors and variables were presented in terms of descriptive and inferential statistics. Fisher's Exact test (p<0.05) was used to verify the existence of an association between the counting variables. The multinomial logistic regression model was adopted, the Logit link function was used, as the software RStudio version 3.6.2. Results: The factors that remained in the final model were group, sex, partner, atypical antidepressant, benzodiazepines, mood stabilizer, antiepileptic, and antihistamine, according to the levels of depression based on the Beck Depression Inventory. The group that did not receive Biofeedback intervention had 16 times more chances of increasing the depression levels compared to participants in the experimental group. Conclusion: The use of biofeedback reduces depression, thus, representing a complementary alternative for the treatment of moderate and severe depression, and dysthymia. ER  - 
Predictors of outcome in stroke patients with nonconvulsive status epilepticus$$$ Background and Aims: Nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) is a common acute complication in stroke patients, but it remains a diagnostic challenge. NCSE can lead to neuronal damage and is associated with neurological deterioration and increased morbidity and mortality, especially with delayed treatment. Our study aimed to evaluate the clinical predictors of poor clinical outcome in NCSE stroke patients. Methods: Retrospective monocentric analysis of stroke patients with NCSE with prolonged continuous VideoEEG monitoring treated at comprehensive stroke centre intensive care unit from January 2013 to June 2019. Analysed parameters were categorised by phenomenology, treatment, EEG patterns, NIHSS, age, medical history, morbidity, trigger and acute and chronic lesion. All analysed patients met Salzburg consensus criteria for NCSE. Favourable functional outcome at discharge was defined as mRS 0-2, poor outcome as mRS 3-6. Results: Twenty patients, 11 (55%) men, mean age 69.1 years were included. Mean NIHSS on admission was 9.7, duration of NCSE was 10.8 days, time of hospitalisation was 22 days. Good outcome at discharge occurred in 4 (20%), the poor outcome in 15 (80%), including 5 (25%) deaths. All patients with positive symptoms (e.g. rhythmic twitching of one or more muscle groups, tonic eye deviation, hippus or nystagmoid eye jerking) had poor outcome (p=0.026). Predictors for the poor outcome were history of atrial fibrillation, ischemic heart disease and previous stroke. Conclusions: The presence of positive symptoms during NCSE was demonstrated as the only significant predictor in our cohort. Our findings warrant detailed clinical follow-up of stroke patients for subtle signs of NCSE. ER  - 
MENA 2020 Abstracts$$$ The proceedings contain 46 papers. The topics discussed include: comparison of perceptions and beliefs related to headache of adolescents with episodic migraine diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and generalized anxiety disorder; risk factor for white matter lesions detected in migraine patients; prevalence of primary headache and factors associated with - it among rift valley university adama campus students, 2019; post dural puncture headache changes headache characteristics of chronic headache; vitamin D3 might protect against inflammation in migraine: post hoc analysis of a randomized clinical trial; are there differences in brain microstructure in migraine with and without aura: a diffusion tensor imaging study; the prevalence of migraine comorbidity in idiopathic epilepsy syndromes: the preliminary results of a multcenter study across turkey; and the prophylactic effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation in migraine patients in relation to allodynia: a randomized controlled double-blind study. ER  - 
The rational and clinical use of cannabinoids in psychiatry: How it works in clinical practice$$$ There has been an exponential growth in our understanding in the literature that the endogenous endocannabinoid system is implicated across numerous vital physiological processes. Various components of cannabis are indicated in a number of medical conditions including: multiple sclerosis, childhood epilepsy, autoimmune conditions, and chronic pain syndromes. Research is oriented towards gaining a better understanding of the underlying neurobiological mechanisms in the central nervous system and brain and associated physiological connections of the endocannabinoid system, which may be implicated in some mental illnesses. However, in our current climate, the majority of physicians still remain hesitant to prescribe cannabinoids in the primary or adjunctive treatment of mood and anxiety disorders in their clinical practices. Recent literature has demonstrated or implicated abnormal levels of endogenous cannabinoids in depressive disorders, eating disorders, and schizophrenia. There is evidence and ongoing clinical trials that have demonstrated promising results for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder, ADHD, generalized and social anxiety disorders. However, to date there is a paucity of large studies, which are validated and evidence-based, with respect to patient selection criteria, suitable age-range for initiating treatment, and potential negative outcomes or risks associated with short and long-term use. More research is warranted in order to address safety concerns and contraindications related to the use of individual cannabinoids or combinations of cannabinoids, and the biological actions of terpenes that differ amongst various plant strains, especially in terms of their effects on the brain and soma. Concerns also centre on the impact of cognition in young individuals or the elderly. This symposium aims to review and propose a model for clinical use based on our current understanding of the neurobiology of the endocannabinoid system in the management of psychiatric illness, with a focus on potential therapeutic effects, risks and current guidelines. There is potential for a paradigm shift in therapeutic approaches in our management of psychiatric conditions. ER  - 
Marijuana exposure of young children in Pennsylvania and delaware as reported to pennsylvania poison centers, july 2014-june 2019$$$ Background: Children are a vulnerable group for exploratory marijuana ingestion or environmental marijuana exposure, and reports have shown an increase in related poison center calls, and visits to pediatric emergency departments, following marijuana's decriminalization and legalization among states nationwide. The aim of this study was to describe the epidemiology of pediatric marijuana exposure, in Pennsylvania and Delaware, as reported to Pennsylvania's poison control centers. Methods: Retrospective, descriptive cohort. The American Association of Poison Control Centers' National Poison Data System (NPDS) was queried for marijuana cases (NPDS codes 0083000, 0310121, 0083000, 0310096, 0310124, 0310122, 0310126, 0310125, 0310123, 0200617) among children ≥6 years old, reported from Delaware and Pennsylvania to their designated poison control center (PCC), for the 5-year period from July 2014 through June 2019. NPDS substance categorizations were reviewed, and only cases pertaining to phytogenic marijuana were included. Results: Database query identified 70 potential subjects, but 13 were not included due to primary involvement of other drugs such as synthetic cannabinoids, leaving 57 cases deemed related to marijuana exposure in children ≥6 years old. The majority of the cases were reported from PA (86%) with 8 cases reported from Delaware. Annual reported cases increased more than 500% from the 2015 to 2019 academic years. 63% of reported cases were among children 2 years or younger with a median age of 16 months. 27 case calls originated from a residence and 11 (41%) were managed onsite without healthcare facility (HCF) referral. Of the 46 children referred to or treated in a HCF, 17 (37%) were evaluated and discharged, 13 (28%) were admitted to a noncritical unit, and 7 (15%) were admitted to a critical care unit. Seven families declined HCF referral and two left against medical advice. Medical outcomes varied among marijuana exposure in this population. 31 reports were judged nontoxic or weren't followed to known outcome; 14 had minor clinical effects, 10 had moderate and 2 were classified as major. Five children received medical interventions beyond fluids and supportive care including endotracheal intubation (2), naloxone (1) benzodiazepines (1), and flumazenil (1). Among the two reports resulting in a major medical outcome, a 15-month-old boy was intubated due to mental status depression and a possible seizure, and a 2 year old boy was intubated due to altered mental status and cardiovascular instability. These data are limited by the voluntary nature of poison center reporting, and the inability to verify the association between marijuana exposure and reported clinical effects. Conclusion: Social attitudes toward marijuana are evolving. Marijuana in child environments places children at risk of exposure. Among marijuana-exposed children ≥6 years old reported to PA poison centers, over 20% were judged to suffer moderate to severe toxicity and 15% were hospitalized in intensive care settings. Child marijuana reports in 2019 were at least twice as high as any other study year. Public policy must consider risks to young children. ER  - 
Comparative toxicity and effects of milnacipran vs. Levomilnacipran utilizing data reported to the national poison data system$$$ Background: Milnacipran (MLN), brand name Savella, is a serotonin- norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of fibromyalgia in 2009. Toxicity is characterized by somnolence, nausea, vomiting, tachycardia, hypertension, and seizures. Levomilnacipran (LMN), brand name Fetzima, is the L-enantiomer of MLN, approved by the FDA for major depressive disorder in 2013. Overdose data is limited; clinical effects are characterized as benign and fatalities have not been reported. We were not able to identify any comparative studies between MLN and LMN. The objective of this study is to compare both drug's clinical effects and medical outcomes of exposures reported to the National Poison Data System (NPDS). Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted analyzing data from the NPDS for single agent exposures (MLN vs LMN) reported to the American Association of Poison Control Centers (AAPCC) from August 2013 through December 2018. Excluded cases were those with multiple drug ingestions, non-ingestion route, outcomes that were unrelated, confirmed non-exposures, and no follow-up. Outcomes and symptoms were compared. Chisquare or Fisher exact test, relative risk and 95% confidence intervals were calculated between MLN and LMN for case outcomes as defined by AAPCC criteria, combined outcomes deemed mild that included no or minor effects, combined outcomes deemed severe that included moderate or major effects and death, and the most commonly reported symptoms. Results: There were 91 MLN and 161 LMN cases that met inclusion criteria. The majority of patients were female, 69.2% for MLN and 70.2% for LMN. MLN age ranged from 13 months to 84 years old, median age being 11 years old. LMN age ranged from 11 months to 89 years old, median age being 25 years old. Of the 91 MLN cases, 73 cases resulted in no/minor effects. There were 17 cases with a moderate outcome, one major effect outcome and no deaths. The most common symptoms were: vomiting, tachycardia, drowsiness/lethargy. Of the 161 LMN cases included in our study, 135 cases resulted in no/minor outcomes. There were 26 moderate outcomes and no major effects or deaths. The most common symptoms were: tachycardia, agitation/irritability, dizziness/vertigo. Outcome data is shown in Table 1. There were no significant differences between MLN vs LMN. The most commonly reported symptoms (>2% incidence) are compared in Table 2. In the MLN patients, there was significantly greater risk of developing vomiting (RR =4.8, 95% CI =2.09-10.99) Conclusion: In this comparison of single agent ingestions of MLN and LMN, MLN had a greater risk of developing vomiting. Both medications are relatively safe, rarely resulting in serious effects. MLN and LMN may be safer alternatives to other SNRIs. There were no documented seizures or deaths in the cases evaluated in this study. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Patient satisfaction with intravenous regional anaesthesia or an axillary block for minor ambulatory hand surgery: A randomised controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND Intravenous regional anesthesia (IVRA) and the axillary brachial plexus block are popular alternatives to general anaesthesia in ambulatory hand surgery. Although both have proven their effectiveness, patients’ preferences have never been evaluated. OBJECTIVES We investigated patient satisfaction with both techniques and hypothesised that satisfaction after IVRA is noninferior compared with axillary brachial plexus block. DESIGN A prospective, randomised controlled trial. SETTING Ambulatory surgical day care centre, University Hospitals of Leuven, Belgium, from September 2016 to November 2017. PATIENTS One hundred and twenty adults undergoing minor ambulatory hand surgery were included in this study. INTERVENTION Patients received either IVRA with 300 mg lidocaine or an axillary block with 280 mg mepivacaine. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES The primary endpoint was the evaluation of patient satisfaction using the ‘Evaluation du Vécu de l’Anésthesie Locoregional’ (EVAN-LR) questionnaire. Secondary outcomes included different procedural times, block quality, tourniquet discomfort, the incidence of block failure and postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV), the severity of postoperative pain and the need for postoperative analgesics during the first 24 h. RESULTS Noninferiority of IVRA was shown for the median [IQR] total score on the EVAN-LR questionnaire, IVRA-group: 92 [87 to 96] vs. axillary brachial plexus block-group: 91[87 to 97]; Hodges–Lehmann estimator (95% confidence interval (CI)] for the shift: -0.25 (-2.60 to 2.20). Induction of anaesthesia and time to discharge, requiring partial recovery of the motor block, were significantly longer in the axillary brachial plexus block group. The IVRA-group had a lower block quality, a higher incidence of tourniquet-discomfort and higher median intra-operative and postoperative pain scores on day 0; 0 [0 to 2] vs. 0 [0 to 0] and 0.8 [0 to 1.8] vs. 0 [0 to 0.25], respectively, but no increase in the need for supplementary analgesics or conversion rate to general anaesthesia. CONCLUSION IVRA and axillary brachial plexus block result in comparably high patient satisfaction in ambulatory hand surgery. ER  - 
Common mental disorders and its determinants among epileptic patients at an outpatient epileptic clinic in Felegehiwot Referral Hospital, Bahirdar, Ethiopia: Cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a chronic neurological condition that is highly predisposed to a variety of mental health problems due to its huge biological, social and psychological burdens. Despite this, there is a paucity of research in this area. Therefore, assessing common mental disorders and its determinants among epileptic patients would be of great importance. Objective: This study was aimed to asses prevalence and associated factors of common mental disorders among people with epilepsy attending Felegehiwot Referral Hospital, Bahirdar, Ethiopia, 2019. Methods: Institutional based analytic cross-sectional study design was utilized from January to February 2019 at Felegehiwot Referral Hospital among 422 epileptic patients who were diagnosed clinically and on follow up treatment. Systematic random sampling was applied to recruit participants. Interviewer based and pretested Self Reporting Questionnaire-20 was used to screen common mental illness with a cut-off point 7 and above as having a common mental disorder. Bivariate and multivariable logistic regression analysis with 95% CI were computed and variables with p < 0.05 in the final model were considered as associated factors for common mental disorders. Result: Four hundred twenty-two patients with epilepsy were included in our study with a response rate of 100% and 64.5% were males. The mean age of participants was 59 ± 13.37 years. Common mental disorder among epileptic patients was found to be 35.8%. There was a statistically significant association between marital status, comorbid medical illness, nicotine dependence, alcohol misuse, and medication non-adherence with common mental disorders at p < 0.05. Conclusion: The prevalence of common mental distress was high (35.8%) suggesting that it is a public health issue. Marital status, comorbid medical illness, nicotine dependence, alcohol misuse, and medication non-adherence were the factors having an association with a common mental disorder. Therefore, early screening and recognition of mental distress symptoms should be a routine activity while managing epileptic patients. ER  - 
Ubrogepant for the treatment of migraine$$$ BACKGROUND Ubrogepant is an oral, small-molecule calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor antagonist for acute migraine treatment. METHODS We conducted a randomized trial to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and side-effect profile of ubrogepant. We assigned adults with migraine, with or without aura, in a 1:1:1 ratio to receive an initial dose of placebo, ubrogepant at a dose of 50 mg, or ubrogepant at a dose of 100 mg for treatment of a single migraine attack, with the option to take a second dose. The coprimary efficacy end points were freedom from pain at 2 hours after the initial dose and absence of the most bothersome migraine-associated symptom at 2 hours. Secondary end points included pain relief (at 2 hours), sustained pain relief (from 2 to 24 hours), sustained freedom from pain (from 2 to 24 hours), and absence of symptoms associated with migraine (photophobia, phonophobia, and nausea) at 2 hours. RESULTS A total of 1672 participants were enrolled; 559 were assigned to receive placebo, 556 to receive 50 mg of ubrogepant, and 557 to receive 100 mg of ubrogepant. The percentage of participants who had freedom from pain at 2 hours was 11.8% in the placebo group, 19.2% in the 50-mg ubrogepant group (P=0.002, adjusted for multiplicity, for the comparison with placebo), and 21.2% in the 100-mg ubrogepant group (P<0.001). The percentage of participants who had freedom from the most bothersome symptom at 2 hours was 27.8% in the placebo group, 38.6% in the 50-mg ubrogepant group (P=0.002), and 37.7% in the 100-mg ubrogepant group (P=0.002). Adverse events within 48 hours after the initial or optional second dose were reported in 12.8% of participants in the placebo group, in 9.4% in the 50-mg ubrogepant group, and in 16.3% in the 100-mg ubrogepant group. The most common adverse events were nausea, somnolence, and dry mouth (reported in 0.4 to 4.1%); these events were more frequent in the 100-mg ubrogepant group (reported in 2.1 to 4.1%). Serious adverse events reported within 30 days in the ubrogepant groups included appendicitis, spontaneous abortion, pericardial effusion, and seizure; none of the events occurred within 48 hours after the dose. CONCLUSIONS A higher percentage of participants who received ubrogepant than of those who received placebo had freedom from pain and absence of the most bothersome symptom at 2 hours after the dose. The most commonly reported adverse events were nausea, somnolence, and dry mouth. Further trials are needed to determine the durability and safety of ubrogepant for acute migraine treatment and to compare it with other drugs for migraine. ER  - 
Brain-heart interactions considering complex physiological data: processing schemes for time-variant, frequency-dependent, topographical and statistical examination of directed interactions by convergent cross mapping$$$ BACKGROUND: A multitude of complex methods is available to quantify interactions in highly complex physiological systems. Brain-heart interactions play an important role in identifying couplings between the central nervous system and the autonomic nervous system during defined physiological states or specific diseases. The crucial point of those interaction analyses is adequate pre-processing taking into account nonlinearity of data, intuitive graphical representation and suitable statistical evaluation of the achieved results. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to provide generalized processing schemes for such investigations taking into account pre-processing, graphical representation and statistical analysis. APPROACH: Two defined data sets were used to develop these processing schemes. Brain-heart interactions in children with temporal lobe epilepsy during the pre-ictal, ictal and post-ictal periods as well as in patients with paranoid schizophrenia and healthy control subjects during the resting state period were investigated by nonlinear convergent cross mapping (CCM). Surrogate data, bootstrapping and linear mixed-effects model approaches were utilized for statistical analyses. MAIN RESULTS: CCM was able to reveal specific and statistically significant time- and frequency-dependent patterns of brain-heart interactions for children with temporal lobe epilepsy and provide a statistically significant pattern of topographic- and frequency-dependent brain-heart interactions for schizophrenic patients, as well as to show the differences from healthy control subjects. Suitable statistical models were found to quantify group differences. SIGNIFICANCE: Generalized processing schemes and crucial points of pre-processing, adapted interaction analysis and performed statistical analysis are provided. The general concept of analyses is transferable also to other methods of interactions analysis and data representing even more complex physiological systems. ER  - 
The clinical utility of non-invasive video-electroencephalographic monitoring has been diversifying$$$ Background: Inpatient long-term video-electroencephalographic (VEEG) monitoring has been used extensively for differential diagnosis of paroxysmal events. We evaluated the diagnostic yield and clinical utility of VEEG performed in a comprehensive epilepsy center. Method: We retrospectively reviewed all cases of VEEG performed from May 2003 to April 2018. We analyzed the data to determine its clinical utility and diagnostic yield. Results: A total of 1335 cases were reviewed. After excluding 147 cases of intracranial recording and 163 cases with incomplete medical records, 1025 cases of VEEG were included. The mean duration of VEEG was 2.3 ± 1.6 days (range = 1–14). A total of 763 VEEGs documented epileptic seizures or interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs) to confirm the diagnosis of epilepsy. There were 99 psychogenic non-epileptic seizure, 36 status epilepticus, and 34 VEEGs which revealed generalized or focal slow activities without any clinical seizures or IEDs. VEEG was normal in 170 cases. The diagnostic yield of VEEG varied from 83.4 to 88.4% depending on its definition. The proportion of epilepsy in total cases of VEEG continued to decrease from 77.2 to 61.4%. In contrast, the proportion of normal VEEG steadily increased from 4.1 to 24.1% during the same time period. Conclusions: This study ascertained how useful VEEG is and the utility of VEEG has been diversifying in clinical circumstances beyond epilepsy. VEEG can play a pivotal role in the diagnostic approach to epilepsy and its differential diagnoses. ER  - 
Community-acquired meningitis caused by beta-haemolytic streptococci in adults: a nationwide population-based cohort study$$$ The objective of this study was to examine the clinical presentation of community-acquired beta-haemolytic streptococcal (BHS) meningitis in adults. This is a nationwide population-based cohort study of adults (≥ 16 years) with BHS meningitis verified by culture or polymerase chain reaction of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) from 1993 to 2005. We retrospectively evaluated clinical and laboratory features and assessed outcome by Glasgow Outcome Scale (GOS). We identified 54 adults (58% female) with a median age of 65 years (IQR 55–73). Mean incidence rate was 0.7 cases per 1,000,000 person-years. Alcohol abuse was noted among 11 (20%) patients. Group A streptococci (GAS) were found in 17 (32%) patients, group B (GBS) in 18 (34%), group C (GCS) in four (8%) and group G (GGS) in 14 (26%). Patients with GAS meningitis often had concomitant otitis media (47%) and mastoiditis (30%). Among patients with GBS, GCS or GGS meningitis, the most frequent concomitant focal infections were bone and soft tissue infections (19%) and endocarditis (16%). In-hospital mortality was 31% (95% CI 19–45), and 63% (95% CI 49–76) had an unfavourable outcome at discharge (GOS < 5). BHS meningitis in adults is primarily observed among the elderly and has a poor prognosis. GAS meningitis is primarily associated with concomitant ear-nose-throat infection. ER  - 
Real-life effectiveness and safety of the daclatasvir/asunaprevir combination therapy for genotype 1b chronic hepatitis C patients: An emphasis on the pretreatment NS5A resistance-associated substitution test$$$ This study aimed to investigate the real-life effectiveness and safety of daclatasvir (DCV) and asunaprevir (ASV) combination therapy in Korean patients. We consecutively enrolled patients with genotype 1b hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection treated with at least one dose of DCV/ASV combination therapy in seven tertiary hospitals of South Korea. The sustained virologic response (SVR) rates and safety according to intention-to-treat (ITT) and per-protocol (PP) analyses were evaluated. Among the 526 enrolled patients, 91% showed negative (87%) or “undetermined” (4%) resistance-associated substitution (RAS); 9% did not undergo RAS testing. The SVR rates for ITT and PP were 89.3% and 95.0% in treatment-naive patients and 93.2% and 95.6% in treatment-experienced patients, respectively. In PP analysis, negative RAS was associated with higher SVR (96.3%) than with “undetermined RAS” (85.7%) or “not tested for RAS” (84.4%). Adverse events were reported in 185 (35.4%) patients, and events leading to discontinuation were observed in 4.3% of the study population. Forty-two (8.0%) patients developed transaminase elevation (≥2 × upper normal limit), resulting in treatment discontinuation in six (1.1%) patients. DCV/ASV combination therapy showed acceptable efficacy in genotype 1b compensated HCV-infected patients with negative pretreatment RAS. Although most adverse events were tolerable to continue antiviral treatment, adequate monitoring for transaminase elevation is warranted. ER  - 
Stroke Patients' Status Post-Acute Phase of Illness. How Is It and How Ought It to Be: Ain Shams University Experience$$$ Background: Stroke is a leading cause of disability worldwide with a great impact on quality of life. Ain Shams University Hospital is a tertiary center for neurology and a pioneer in offering comprehensive stroke service in the region. Methods: A cross sectional study in which an 8 domains questionnaire was applied to all cerebrovascular stroke patients who were admitted to the stroke unit of the neurology department of Ain Shams University Hospital in the period from January 2016 till May 2017, with the aim to define pitfalls in post discharge. Results: From our study show that 20% of all patients discharged from acute stroke unit did not have further follow up with any stroke doctor. Moreover, 60% of patients were not seen by a physiotherapist after discharge, including almost half of patients with moderate or severe disability on discharge who are expected to have ongoing care needs. Patients who developed stroke complications were more likely to seek follow up. As expected, continuous follow up was associated with increased adherence to secondary preventive medications. Conclusions: Patient needs should be assessed before patient discharge and patient and care givers should have clear written information on required follow up with stroke doctors, and arrangements made for receiving adequate rehabilitation post discharge. ER  - 
Personality profiles differ between patients with epileptic seizures and patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and epileptic seizures (ES) are often difficult to differentiate, leading to incorrect or delayed diagnosis. The aim of the study was to determine whether patients of these two diagnostic groups possess different personality profiles, and whether they could be used to efficiently screen for PNES in clinical settings. Methods: Collection of data was conducted on 305 patients who completed the NEO-Five Factor Inventory questionnaire during a Video EEG Monitoring admission to the Royal Melbourne Hospital between 2002–2017. Personality differences were investigated using Bayesian linear mixed effects models, with receiver operating characteristic curve analysis computed to evaluate diagnostic accuracy. Results: The ‘openness to experience’ domain (BF10 = 21.55, d = −0.43 [95% CI −0.71, −0.17]) and the ‘aesthetic interest’ facet (B10 = 7.98, d = −0.39 [95% CI −0.66, −0.12]) were the only personality factors demonstrating strong evidence for a group difference, with patients with PNES having higher scores compared to the ES group. ES patients had lower scores on these measures compared to the normal population, while PNES patients did not. Both openness to experience and aesthetic interest showed poor sensitivities (53%, 46% respectively) and specificities (69%, 46% respectively) for classifying PNES and ES patients. Conclusion: While openness and aesthetic interests differ greatly between PNES and ES groups, low sensitivity and specificity suggests their use is limited in a clinical setting. Nevertheless, these findings open up new avenues of research using modern personality models to further understand patients with epilepsy and related presentations. ER  - 
Prevalence of neurological symptoms in palliative care cancer patients: A retrospective study$$$ Background: This study aims to investigate the prevalence of neurological symptoms in cancer patients followed up in a palliative care centre and the relation of these symptoms to the diagnosis, length of stay, discharge status and presence of metastasis. Methods: The records of inpatients with cancer diagnosed in a palliative care centre in Ankara, Turkey were retrospectively reviewed. The neurological symptoms observed in patients were classified as pain, insomnia, seizures, paresis, delirium and depression. Age, gender, length of stay, presence of metastasis, discharge status and diagnosis of patients who were included in the study were compared to the symptoms. Results: The mean age of 192 patients was 68.41 ± 14.15 years and length of stay in the Centre was 18.12 ± 17.64 days. The most common neurological symptoms were pain, insomnia, delirium, seizures, depression and paresis (27.1%, 17.2%, 15.1%, 13.5%, 11.5%) respectively. Pain was most commonly observed in genitourinary and gynecologic cancers (72.4%), and gastrointestinal cancers (69.3%). Pain was significantly higher in patients with metastasis (p < 0.005) and patients who have passed away (p < 0.032). Paresis and seizures were significantly higher in patients with head and neck cancers (p < 0.001 and 0.001, respectively). The number of days under palliative care was significantly higher in patients who were diagnosed with head and neck cancers (p < 0.007) and patients who experienced seizures (p < 0.004). Conclusion: Except for pain, the other neurological symptoms were not as prevalent as the non-neurological symptoms such as breathlessness, nausea and vomiting, fatigue, anorexia and constipation as reported in the literature. ER  - 
Factors associated with social anxiety in South Korean adults with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to examine social anxiety in South Korean adults with epilepsy and to identify associated factors. Method: This was a cross-sectional, multicenter study in South Korea. Social anxiety was assessed using short forms of the Social Phobia Scale (SPS-6) and Social Interaction Anxiety Scale (SIAS-6). The SPS-6 scores ≥ 9 and SIAS-6 scores ≥ 12 were considered indicative of social phobia and social interaction anxiety, respectively. The Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9); Stigma Scale-Revised (SS-R); Disclosure Management Scale; Family Adaptation, Partnership, Growth, Affection, Resolve (F-APGAR) scale; and a questionnaire assessing knowledge about epilepsy were also used. Results: Of a total of 219 patients with epilepsy, 21% and 11% had SPS-6 scores ≥ 9 and SIAS-6 scores ≥ 12, respectively. In logistic regression analysis, SPS-6 scores ≥ 9 were independently associated with SS-R scores of 4–9 (odds ratio [OR]: 8.626, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.515–29.587, p = .001), SS-R scores 1–3 (OR: 5.496, 95% CI: 1.757–17.197, p = .003), and PHQ-9 scores ≥ 10 (OR: 4.092, 95% CI: 1.823–9.185, p = .001). In contrast, SIAS-6 scores ≥ 12 were related only to PHQ-9 scores ≥ 10 (OR: 8.740, 95% CI: 3.237–23.599, p < .001). Belonging to a dysfunctional family and lack of knowledge about epilepsy tended to be associated with social phobia (p = .071) and social interaction anxiety (p = .090), respectively. Epilepsy-related variables were not related to social anxiety. Conclusion: Social anxiety is not rare in patients with epilepsy. In this study, social phobia was associated with perceived stigma and depressive symptoms, whereas social interaction anxiety was related only to depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Ethnicity and health outcomes among people with epilepsy participating in an epilepsy self-management RCT$$$ People with epilepsy (PWE) may experience negative health events (NHEs) such as seizures, emergency room visits, and hospitalizations, with ethnic and racial minorities disproportionately affected. Epilepsy self-management may reduce NHEs; however, few reports examine self-management outcomes in racial minorities. Using data from a longitudinal 6-month randomized controlled trial (RCT) of 120 PWE, this analysis compared African–American and Whites at baseline, 10 weeks and 24 weeks after receiving the “Self-management for people with epilepsy (SMART) and a history of NHEs” self-management program. The primary RCT outcome was number of NHEs. At baseline, compared to Whites, African–Americans had less education (p = 0.02) and greater depressive severity (p = 0.04). Both African–American and Whites generally improved with SMART, and there were no racial differences in NHE counts or other outcomes' responses. Given known racial disparities in epilepsy care, it may be particularly important to reach out to minority PWE with self-management programs. ER  - 
Prevalence of tuberculosis among mentally ill patients in conflict-stricken Afghanistan: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: Tuberculosis (TB) and mental illness share underlying factors such as poverty, malnutrition, and stress. This study's objective was to determine the prevalence of TB among mentally ill patients in Afghanistan. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in five public and one private health facility. All patients in those centers were screened for TB, and the diagnosis of TB was made with GeneXpert or made clinically by a physician. Results: Out of 8598 patients registered, 8324 (96.8%) were reached and 8073 (93.9%) were screened for TB, of whom 1703 (21.1%) were found to be presumptive TB patients. A total of 275 (16.7%) were diagnosed with all forms of TB, of whom 90.5% were women. Eighty-eight (32%) of them were bacteriologically confirmed and 187 (68%) were clinically diagnosed. The number needed to screen (NNS) was 29.3 and the number needed to test (NNT) was 6.1. The overall prevalence of TB among mentally ill patients was 3,567/100,000—20 times higher than the national incidence rate. TB was independently associated with married and widowed adults, young adults, females, and oral sleep drug users. Conclusions: TB among mentally ill patients is very high, and we recommend that TB care and prevention services be integrated into mental health centers. ER  - 
Impact of resective surgery for pediatric drug-resistant epilepsy on emotional functioning$$$ Objective: The objective of the study was to evaluate emotional functioning following surgical and medical treatment in children with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE; i.e., uncontrolled seizures despite treatment with ≥ 2 antiepileptic drugs [AED]). Method: This prospective, longitudinal, multicenter study involved 128 children and adolescents (8–18 years) with DRE who were assessed for surgical candidacy; 48 went on to have surgery and 80 continued medical treatment. Participants completed child-validated self-report measures of anxiety and depression at baseline, 6, and 12 month follow-up. Standardized z-scores were calculated with higher scores indicative of greater symptoms. Results: At baseline, 16% and 22% of all patients reported elevated symptoms of depression and anxiety, respectively (i.e., z ≥ 1.00). Seizure freedom was higher in the surgical, compared with the medical, group at 6 (64 vs. 11%) and 12 month (77 vs. 24%) follow-up. Linear mixed effects models controlling for age found a main effect of time for both depression and anxiety; scores decreased over time for all patients. A main effect of seizure outcome was found for depression, but not anxiety; seizure freedom was associated with lower scores overall. There were no main effects of treatment or significant interactions. Multiple regression analyses found baseline mood predicted outcomes at 6 and 12 month follow-up; higher anxiety and depression scores at baseline were associated with higher scores at follow-up. Older age and greater number of AEDs at baseline was associated with higher depression scores at 12 month follow-up. Conclusion: Overall, patients reported a reduction in anxiety and depressive symptoms over the first 12 months, irrespective of treatment, and baseline level of functioning was the best predictor of outcome. Despite more children achieving seizure freedom with surgery compared with medical treatment, surgery was not associated with better outcomes over time. It may be that changes in anxiety and depression require a longer time to emerge postsurgery; however, being seizure-free is associated with fewer depressive symptoms, irrespective of treatment type. ER  - 
Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We investigated the prevalence of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adult people with epilepsy (PWE). We hypothesized that ADHD is common among adult PWE and, some clinical factors may be associated with ADHD. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, 200 adult PWE referred to our neurology clinic at Shiraz, Iran were recruited (consecutively sampled). Validated Persian versions of Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS v1.1) and Addenbrooke's Cognitive Examination-Revised (ACE-R) tests were used. We performed univariate analyses and also a logistic regression analysis. Results: Eighty-two patients (41%) were male, and 118 (59%) were female. Seventy patients (35%) had a positive screen for ADHD. There was a significant association between cognitive function and the prevalence of positive screening for ADHD in the whole group; 19 (18%) of the patients with a normal cognition, 23 (42%) of those with mild impairment, and 28 (70%) of those with severe cognitive impairment screened positive for ADHD (p = 0.0001). One hundred and five patients had normal cognition and were studied separately. Nineteen patients (18%) had screened positive for ADHD. Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder was not associated with any of the tested variables in these patients. Conclusion: About one-fifth of adults with epilepsy and normal cognitive function may have a positive screen for ADHD. Routine screening of all PWE for early detection and appropriate management of ADHD would be a reasonable approach. ER  - 
Treatment with brivaracetam in children – The experience of a pediatric epilepsy center$$$ Introduction: The new anticonvulsant brivaracetam is a levetiracetam analog which binds to the synaptic vesicle protein 2A, and inhibits excitatory neurotransmitters' release. Brivaracetam was Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicine Agency (EMA) approved in 2016 as adjunctive treatment for focal onset seizures in patients over 16 years of age, and in 2018 for children over four years of age. Our aim was to describe effectiveness and tolerability in real-life pediatric epilepsy clinic. Methods: Cross-sectional retrospective chart review of patients under 20 years of age, treated with brivaracetam. Positive response to treatment was considered when 50% decrease in seizure frequency was noted. In responders to levetiracetam, positive effect was regarded if switching to brivaracetam maintained at least the same seizure control. Results: Thirty-one patients (67.7% males), aged 13.8 ± 4.07 (6.9–20 years), were treated with brivaracetam 3.8 mg/kg ± 1.8. Age of onset of epilepsy was 5.7 ± 3.7 years; 20 patients had focal epilepsies; and 11 had epileptic syndromes (5 – Lennox–Gastaut, 3 – myoclonic absence, 3 – myoclonic–atonic). Responder rate was 45.2%, with no statistical difference under and over 16 years of age (40% vs. 54.5%, Fisher's exact test). Eight patients had better response to seizures compared to levetiracetam. Gender, duration of epilepsy, and dosage did not affect epilepsy control. Six patients had seizure aggravation. Adverse effects were rare: mild somnolence (6.4%), psychosis (3.2%), and nausea (3.2%). Conclusion: Brivaracetam is an effective add-on treatment in focal, as well as generalized seizures in children, with negligible side effects, including children who failed previously on levetiracetam. Seizure exacerbation may occur, but it's reason is unclear. ER  - 
Comparison of premedication with low-dose midazolam versus etomidate for reduction of etomidate-induced myoclonus during general anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: A variety of anesthetics including methohexital, thiopental sodium, propofol, ketamine, and etomidate are used for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), each accompanied by adverse effects that can cause unpleasant experiences for patients. Etomidate-induced myoclonus is among the adverse effects. We attempted to assess the effect of premedication with low-dose midazolam compared to etomidate on the reduction of this complication. Objectives: This study was designed to compare the effectiveness of low-dose etomidate and low-dose midazolam to suppress etomidate-induced myoclonus in ECT. Methods: This randomized double-blinded clinical trial was conducted on 132 patients who were candidates for ECT. They were divided into three groups of 44 patients to receive 0.015 mg/kg midazolam, 0.03 mg/kg etomidate, or placebo. Independent t-test and chi-square test were used for comparison of variables. Results: The frequency of myoclonic movements during anesthesia was different between the three groups (P value < 0.001). My-oclonic movements were significantly lower in the midazolam group than in the placebo (P value < 0.001) and etomidate (P value = 0.002) groups. In addition, the intensity of myoclonic movements was significantly higher in the midazolam group than in the placebo and etomidate groups (P value < 0.001). Conclusions: Low-dose midazolam (0.015 mg/kg) before anesthesia induction with etomidate was accompanied with significantly lower incidence and intensity of myoclonus than low-dose etomidate (0.03 mg/kg). ER  - 
P.312 Interventions in bipolar disorder are associated with patient educational attainment – a Swedish register based study of 7774 patients$$$ Background: Socioeconomic related factors such as educational attainment might influence treatment decisions for psychiatric and somatic conditions without apparent medical rationales. The literature is sparse regarding whether patients’ education influence the treatment of bipolar disorder. Aim: To investigate if bipolar disorder patients’ educational attainment is associated with different treatment modalities. Methods: We analyzed data from the Swedish national quality register for bipolar disorder (BipoläR) for the period 2004-2013. We excluded individuals with schizoaffective disorder or other psychotic syndromes, mental retardation, autism spectrum disorders, ongoing education, individuals older than 60 years old or younger than 20 years old, and those with missing data on bipolar subtype, educational level or treatment. In the remaining 7,774 individuals with bipolar type I or II, we analyzed potential associations between educational level on the one hand, and pharmacological and psychological treatment on the other. We studied bipolar type I and II separately due to different treatment recommendations for these groups. Using binary logistic regression, we calculated odds ratios after adjusting for demographic and clinical variables. Possible confounders included were: age, sex, comorbid personality disorders, and the number of affective episodes. Pharmacological treatment variables in the model were: current treatment with lamotrigine, lithium, valproic acid, other antiepileptic agents as a group, all antiepileptics as a group, quetiapine/aripiprazole/olanzapine as a group, first generation antipsychotics as a group, antipsychotics as a group, and finally antidepressants as a group. Furthermore, treatment at any time with ECT, psychoeducation for bipolar disorder, psychological treatment of at least 10 sessions, and family psychoeducation for bipolar disorder were included. In the first regression model, we adjusted for age and sex. In the second model, we also adjusted for a) number of manic and mixed episodes in relation to antipsychotics, b) number of depressive episodes in relation to ECT, and c) comorbidity with personality disorders in relation to psychological treatment. Results: In patients with bipolar disorder type I, higher level of education was associated with increased likelihood of psychological interventions, but decreased likelihood of treatment with any antipsychotic drug in general as well as first generation antipsychotic drugs in particular. Education was not significantly associated with aripiprazole/quetiapine/olanzapine treatment. In patients with bipolar II disorder, higher level of education was associated with increased likelihood of psychoeducation and psychotherapy as well as decreased likelihood for treatment with any antipsychotic drug and first generation antipsychotic drugs. In neither bipolar I or II disorder, educational level was associated with antidepressant, antiepileptic, lithium or electroconvulsive therapy. A limitation of the study is that due to the cross sectional design, we cannot make any specific assertions about the causal relation between educational level and treatment. Conclusions: Educational level of bipolar disorder is associated with treatment for no apparent medical reason. The mechanism behind this should be further examined by different study designs where, e.g., precise indications for the pharmacological treatments, geographical differences in access to interventions, and patient and clinicians’ attitudes can be assessed. ER  - 
P.207 Rehabilitation in adults with autism spectrum disorder and intellectual disability: A longitudinal study$$$ Introduction: Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) includes a group of developmental disabilities characterized by patterns of delay and deviance in the development of social, communicative, cognitive skills and the presence of repetitive and stereotyped behaviors as well as restricted interests [1]. Past literature reported various percentage (up to 70%) of prevalence of Intellectual Disability (ID) in people with ASD [2]. The Treatment and education of autistic and related communication handicapped children(TEACCH) [3] showed good results in motor skills, cognitive performances, social functioning and communication when compared to standard interventions [4]. To the best of our knowledge, no longitudinal observation study has been published with adult patients affected by Autism and ID regarding the efficacy of the TEACCH after a long period of treatment. Aim: The aim of this study was to investigate the efficacy of a continuously intensive and personalized approach of the TEACCH intervention used by the “Il Cireneo” Foundation on daily living functional abilities of adults with a diagnosis of ASD and ID after three years of continuously rehabilitative intervention. Methods: Adult patients with ASD were recruited at the “Il Cireneo” Foundation for autism in Vasto, Italy. Twelve patients (two females [16,7%] and ten males [83,3%], mean age=21,17; SD=4,019) underwent a personalized and intensive psychoeducational program based on TEACCH for three years. Patients were tested in two phases: before the treatment (T0) and after three years of the rehabilitative intervention (T1). The Childhood Autism Rating Scale (CARS) and the Vineland Adaptative Behavior Scale (VABS) [5] were used for the clinical assessment before and after the rehabilitation treatment. Results: After three years of personalized and intensive rehabilitative intervention, “Communication”, “Daily Living Skills” and “Socialization” subscales of VABS showed a statistically significant improvement (respectively p<.01, p<.05, p<.05). On the other hand, “Motor Skills” subscale of VABS and CARS scores were also improved, but without a statistically significant effect (respectively: p=.352, p=.229) (See Table 1). Conclusions: The authors want to highlight that the rehabilitation programs, in particular the one used by the “Il Cireneo” Foundation, are important and effective, not just in children and adolescents as past literature showed, but also in adult people with ASD and ID. In fact, abilitation-rehabilitation activities should be continued for a long period of time, to avoid the loss of acquired skills and to allow the acquisition of sufficient daily living kills, so important in reaching a more independent life. Adults we enrolled in the study had other comorbidities (seizures, etc.) that might alter motor skills scores. No one person with a diagnosis of ASD and ID can reach a complete recovery from this pathology, but affected people can become more independent individuals. ER  - 
P.271 Interictal dysphoric disorder and pharmacological treatment in a sample of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy in an epilepsy unit in Barcelona$$$ Background: Interictal Dysphoric Disorder (IDD) was described by Blumer as a pleomorphic affective disorder that appears in epilepsy and is characterized by labile depressive symptoms (depressive mood, anergia, pain, insomnia), labile affective symptoms (fear, anxiety), and the specific symptoms euphoria and paroxysmal irritability [1]. Despite the high variability in epidemiological data, the actual prevalence of IDD is expected to be high -some authors even consider it the key psychiatric syndrome associated with epilepsy- [2], and it is thought to be present to a higher extent in drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) [3]. There is a lack of studies concerning its psychopharmacological treatment, but the preferred one includes antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) with mood-stabilizing effects, along with antidepressants [2,4]. Aim: To explore the prevalence of IDD and the pharmacological treatment in a sample of patients with DRE from the Epilepsy Unit in Hospital Clinic in Barcelona during a 9-year period. Methods: Retrospective study of 453 patients diagnosed with DRE from the Epilepsy Unit of Hospital Clinic in Barcelona from 2008 to 2016. Sociodemographic, clinical and psychopharmacologic variables were analyzed. Analyses were performed using SPSS Statistics. Results: From 453 patients, 132 (29.1%) had a diagnosis of IDD, while 321 (70.9%) did not. Results corresponding to those patients diagnosed with IDD are shown in table 1. The average age was 37.48 ± 12.203, and the majority of them (59.1%) were women. Table 1 also shows the psychopharmacological treatment profile, including those drugs used for mood stabilizing purposes (either AEDs or lithium), as well as the AEDs used because of their antiepileptic effects but which have mood stabilizing properties. Conclusion: The results from our sample show that about one third of patients with DRE have been diagnosed with IDD. However, psychopharmacological treatment (mainly antidepressants) is prescribed in less than one third of the subgroup of patients with IDD. According to our results, IDD seems to remain undertreated in DRE. This is a worrying fact as the presence of IDD has been associated with higher frequency of other psychiatric disorders as well as with worse quality of life [5]. Special emphasis must be made in order to recognize and adequately treat these patients as, if ignored and untreated, they can cause great disability and worsen the prognosis of patients with DRE. ER  - 
Autism spectrum disorder in children and young people with non-epileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: Non-epileptic seizures are paroxysmal events which to an observer resemble epileptic seizures. Proposed risk factors incorporate biopsychosocial aspects including factors in the affected individual. Unexpectedly high rates of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) occurred in the clinical population reported here. Although elevated levels of psychiatric co-morbidity are known to be present in patients with NES, ASD has only been previously described in a single case report. Methods: This case series captures rates of ASD in 59 children and young people who were referred to a specialist paediatric mental health service at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London, UK for assessment and treatment of non-epileptic seizures between 2012 and 2016. Results: 10/59 (16.9%) of the children and young people with non-epileptic seizures also had ASD, with 5/10 (50%) of these undiagnosed with ASD before referral. Children and young people with ASD were significantly more likely to have tics or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder than those without ASD. Conclusion: ASD may be a common co-morbidity in non-epileptic seizures. Careful clinical assessment with consideration of ASD traits is therefore important in the non-epileptic seizures population. It is beneficial to diagnose ASD early as its presence is likely to require a modified approach to assessment and treatment of non-epileptic seizures. Study of the development of non-epileptic seizures in ASD may suggest hypotheses for the pathogenesis of non-epileptic seizures in the wider population. ER  - 
P.656 Safety, tolerability and effectiveness of 1Hz right-sided dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rTMS using parabolic coils in major depression: A case series$$$ Introduction: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common and disabling illness, with an annual and a lifetime prevalence of 4.7% and 11.3%, respectively [1]. It is the second leading cause of global disability worldwide, with high occupational and economic impact. Standard treatment involves the use of antidepressant and/or psychotherapy, with the former suffering from tolerability issues, and the latter from limited availability. This makes the study of alternative treatments for MDD an important area of research. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective and well-tolerated treatment for MDD, as shown over two decades of randomized studies [2]. Because of several issues, its use has been limited to patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Indeed, even though 10 Hz and the newly FDA-approved intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) protocols have shown efficacy in the treatment of TRD, widespread adoption has been impeded by complexity of use, high acquisition and operational costs of equipment, the need for patients to travel to a treatment center daily for several weeks (usually 6 weeks for a full course of 30 sessions), need for precise coil placement, tolerability issues in some, and finally possible seizure risk [3]. These obstacles need to be addressed to improve access to this form of therapy, which is frequently sought after by patients for both its lower side effect profile compared to medication and proven efficacy. Our group currently aims at addressing these issues by developing and validating a novel rTMS technique optimized for scalability and cost-effectiveness. One key process is the use of a right-sided low-frequency (1 Hz) rTMS protocol, delivered through simple wide-field circular (ring) coils, that are more affordable than regular focal rTMS coils while remaining easier to use. Even though 1 Hz rTMS is efficacious in TRD [4], and possibly has better safety and tolerability over high-frequency protocols [5], data regarding its delivery through circular coils has to our knowledge never been reported. Hypothesis: The application of 1 Hz right-sided dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (R-DLPFC) rTMS stimulation protocol (360 pulses, 6 cycles of 60 seconds on and 30 seconds off, 8.5 minutes total duration) [4] using R30 stimulators and the circular MMC-140 coil (Magventure, Farum, Denmark) will be safe, well-tolerated and efficacious in rTMS-naïve patients with TRD. Methods: In our yet limited and ongoing patient cohort, we retrieved clinical characteristics, treatment parameters, serious adverse events, treatment-limiting side effects and outcomes for a series of 25 patients who completed over 20 sessions of treatment at our clinic between August 2018 and April 2019. Results: Preliminary data suggests no serious adverse events or treatment-limiting side-effects. A total of 8/25 (32%) classified as responders (over 50% decrease in symptoms) and 4/25 (16%) as remitters. Conclusion: The simplicity, safety, tolerability and efficacy of this protocol in TRD could warrant a head-to-head non-inferiority randomized controlled trial against standard rTMS, such as 10 Hz or iTBS. If successful, such a trial could simplify the procedure, and eventually pave the way for home-based treatment. ER  - 
Yield and cost-effectiveness of tilt table tests combined with video-EEG$$$ Aim. To study the outcomes of a series of consecutive tilt table tests combined with video-EEG (TTVE) at a single center, and assess their cost-effectiveness compared with other neurophysiological tests. Methods. We retrospectively reviewed medical records of patients who underwent TTVE studies between March 1st, 2013 to April 1st, 2018. Detailed clinical history, including patient demographics, reasons for referral, anti-seizure medications, and neurophysiological studies obtained prior to the TTVE studies were extracted from chart reviews. The fee for each neurophysiological test was identified from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. Results. Fifty-two patients underwent TTVE studies. Thirteen patients (25%) were diagnosed with vasovagal syncope, two (3.8%) were diagnosed with postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome, and three (5.8%) had psychogenic non-epileptic events during the test. Four out of 12 patients stopped anti-seizure medication(s) after the TTVE. Prior to referral for TTVE, an average of $3,748 per person was spent on neurophysiological tests, which were inconclusive. The average fee for one TTVE test was $535.32, and the fee per test affecting diagnosis or management (defined as the cost divided by the yield of the test) was $1,547. Conclusions. The TTVE test is cost-effective in evaluating refractory episodes of loss of consciousness, atypical of epileptic seizures. In addition to diagnosing syncope, TTVE can be valuable in identifying psychogenic events. ER  - 
The prevalence of restless sleep disorder in a single sleep center$$$ Introduction: Restless sleep disorder is a newly described sleep disorder in children characterized by large body movements and repositioning that lasts all night with at least 5 body movements per hour and a significant impact in daytime behaviors. The authors have previously identified and described the syndrome and compared the sleep parameters and sleep related movements to children with restless legs syndrome, normal controls and snorers. Methods: Three-hundred consecutive patients were included in this retrospective study. All patients had been referred to the Sleep Disorders Center of the Seattle Children's Hospital, Seattle, WA during the period between April 2018 and March 2019, because of a suspected sleep problem. Video-polysomnography, was obtained in 252 out of the 300 patients, in the remaining 48 it was declined, not tolerated or not indicated, based on the individual clinical picture of the patients. For each patient, the following data were tabulated: age, sex, presence/absence of a series of hypnological condition: RSD, restless legs syndrome (RLS), periodic leg movements during sleep or periodic leg movement disorder (PLMS/PLMD), obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), habitual snoring, insomnia, parasomnia, excessive daytime sleepiness, narcolepsy, bruxism, and other sleep disorder). Also the presence/absence of epilepsy or a different neurologic, psychiatric (anxiety, depression, post-traumatic stress disorder or PTSD), neurodevelopmental (autism/attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder or ADHD), or syndromic (Down syndrome and other malformative and/or genetic conditions) comorbidity was assessed. Results: In total 175 boys and 125 girls (mean age 7.9 years, range 0.33-19 years) were enrolled into the analysis. A syndromic condition was present in 46 (15.3%) patients, ADHD/autism in 30 (10.0%), a neurological disorder in 24 (8%), a psychiatric disorder in 25 (8.3%), and epilepsy in 5 (1.7%). RSD was found to affect 7.7% of participants. As expected, the most prevalent diagnosis was OSA (44%), followed by habitual snoring (25%), parasomnia (13.3%), RLS (10.7%), and PLMS/PLMD (9.3%). Other sleep disorders were found in 10% of the patients enrolled. Conclusions: The current study has identified the prevalence of RSD to be 7.7% in children referred to a sleep disorders center for evaluation of sleep concerns. Our study also demonstrates the possibility of co-existence of RSD with other sleep related complaints; in particular snoring and parasomnia. ER  - 
Perampanel-induced psychiatric adverse events: Associated with Human leukocyte antigen subtypes$$$ Background: Perampanel (PRP) is a new AED, selective non-competitive antagonist of AMPA receptors. The medicine has a unique mechanism of action as a α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptor antagonist. This drug is effective for both partial and generalized epilepsy, has low drug interactions and well tolerated. Nevertheless, the use of PRP can be limited by some psychiatric adverse events (PAEs) that cause drug withdrawal. But the mechanism of PRP-induced PAE has not been elucidated. Here we performed human leukocyte antigen (HLA) genotyping in patients with epilepsy taking PRP and investigated PRP-induced PAE in HLA-related immunopathogenesis Methods: 17 patients with PRP-induced PAEs were included in this study. PRP-induced PAE was diagnosed when PAE including psychosis (e.c: delusion), aggressive behavior and suicide attempt occurred during PRP administration, and the symptoms of PAE improved PRP stopped. The HLA genotype of the PRP-induced PAE group was compared with 19 patients with PRP tolerance and 485 ordinary Korean people. The PRP tolerance group consisted of patients without side effects despite taking more than 10 mg of PRP a day for at least 6 months. Results: The genotype frequency of the HLA-DQB1 * 06: 01 allele was significantly higher in the PRP-induced PAE group compared to the general population (p = 0.008, OR 3.94). The frequency of the DRB1 * 08: 03 allele was significantly higher than PRP resistant group (p = 0.037, OR 9.24) and the general population (p = 0.041, OR 2.97). There, HLA-B * 54: 01 was remarkably frequent in the PRP-induced PAE group than the general population (p = 0.041, OR 3.25). Conclusion: Present study is the first trial to enucliate the association between the PRP immune system HLA and PAE. These findings suggest that the HLA allele could be a risk factor for PAE induced by PRP. ER  - 
Orexin in the anxiety spectrum: association of a HCRTR1 polymorphism with panic disorder/agoraphobia, CBT treatment response and fear-related intermediate phenotypes$$$ Preclinical studies point to a pivotal role of the orexin 1 (OX1) receptor in arousal and fear learning and therefore suggest the HCRTR1 gene as a prime candidate in panic disorder (PD) with/without agoraphobia (AG), PD/AG treatment response, and PD/AG-related intermediate phenotypes. Here, a multilevel approach was applied to test the non-synonymous HCRTR1 C/T Ile408Val gene variant (rs2271933) for association with PD/AG in two independent case-control samples (total n = 613 cases, 1839 healthy subjects), as an outcome predictor of a six-weeks exposure-based cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) in PD/AG patients (n = 189), as well as with respect to agoraphobic cognitions (ACQ) (n = 483 patients, n = 2382 healthy subjects), fMRI alerting network activation in healthy subjects (n = 94), and a behavioral avoidance task in PD/AG pre- and post-CBT (n = 271). The HCRTR1 rs2271933 T allele was associated with PD/AG in both samples independently, and in their meta-analysis (p = 4.2 × 10−7), particularly in the female subsample (p = 9.8 × 10−9). T allele carriers displayed a significantly poorer CBT outcome (e.g., Hamilton anxiety rating scale: p = 7.5 × 10−4). The T allele count was linked to higher ACQ sores in PD/AG and healthy subjects, decreased inferior frontal gyrus and increased locus coeruleus activation in the alerting network. Finally, the T allele count was associated with increased pre-CBT exposure avoidance and autonomic arousal as well as decreased post-CBT improvement. In sum, the present results provide converging evidence for an involvement of HCRTR1 gene variation in the etiology of PD/AG and PD/AG-related traits as well as treatment response to CBT, supporting future therapeutic approaches targeting the orexin-related arousal system. ER  - 
Effects of preemptive intravenous paracetamol and ibuprofen on headache and myalgia in patients after electroconvulsive therapy: A placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized clinical trial$$$ Background:The aim of this study is to determine the efficacy of preemptive analgesia with paracetamol and ibuprofen to reduce the intensity and incidence of headache and myalgia after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).Methods:Sixty patients with major depression who were treated with ECT were randomized to receive ECT 3 times a week. The first 3 sessions were included in the study. The patients were divided into 3 groups; Group C (Control, Saline, n=20), Group P (Paracetamol, n=20), and Group I (Ibuprofen, n=20). Demographics, duration of seizure, visual analog scale (VAS) for headache and myalgia and nausea, vomiting and pruritus were evaluated at postoperative 24hours period.Results:Duration of seizure after ECT was similar in all groups (P=.148). In the study, heart rate and mean arterial pressure were found to be some changes in some of the sessions. There were no significant differences in any comparison for all groups in all sessions regarding VAS scores for headache and myalgia. Incidence of headache and myalgia in Group I was lower than the other groups (P=.233, P=.011, respectively). But, there was no significant difference between the other groups. There was no significant difference in vomiting, intergroups, and intragroup.Conclusions:The findings of our study indicate that pain intensity of headache and myalgia did not show a significant change between groups and within groups. While pain intensity of myalgia between the groups reached no statistical significance, ibuprofen was significantly lowered the incidence of myalgia at postoperative 24hours period. ER  - 
Prevalence of psychiatric disorders among children and adolescents in the East Azerbaijan province, Tabriz, Iran in 2017$$$ Background: This study was conducted to estimate the prevalence of mental disorders in children and adolescents in east Azerbaijan, Tabriz, Iran. Methods: A total of 1036 children and adolescents between the ages of 6 - 18 were selected with cluster sampling in Tabriz city. Measurements of mental disorders were done according to the semi-structured K-SADS scale. Data were gathered by trained clinical psychologists and were analyzed by SPSS V. 16. The prevalence of mental disorders was presented with percent (95% CI) and the significance level was considered as 0.05. Results: The prevalence of any mental disorder in children and adolescents were 24.9%. The measure in boys and girls were 25.4 and 24.9, respectively. A total of 27.4% of 6 - 9 years old, 23.9% of 10 - 14 year olds, and 23.5% of 15 - 18 year olds had suffered from at least one mental disorder. The most common disorders, respectively, were enuresis, ADHD, specific phobia, separation anxiety disorder. Panic disorder, social phobia, specific phobia, and agoraphobia occurred more in girls more than boys, while conduct disorder occurred more in boys. Conclusions: The results of this study showed that one in four children and adolescents had at least one mental disorder. Thus, considering the fact that the beginning of most mental disorders were not until adolescence years and continuation to adulthood, it is necessary that appropriate interventions were designed and executed. We must define cost effective services for early case findings and treatment of mental disorders in the regional health system. ER  - 
Post hurricane distress and anxiety controlled by recommendation of medical cannabis: A novel tool for first responders before and after a natural disaster$$$ Post-hurricane effects, such as distress and anxiety are two medical psychiatric morbidities that are commonly presented by different aged citizens upon a traumatic natural disaster. Given the need for the identification of novel post-disaster instruments that serve as immediate tools for physicians and health ancillary teams, we conducted a pilot study with retrospective data post-hurricane Maria which occurred in Puerto Rico in 2017. Out of 15 patients examined post-hurricane, over 50% presented anxiety and chronic pain leveled at GADS score 9. After treatment with THC, CBD, Sativa and Indica for anxiety and pain, respectively, GADS evaluation decreased to levels 1-2 as described by patients. Other patients who presented with increase in insomnia, epilepsy, nausea, arthritis, endometriosis, muscular spasms, panic attacks and other conditions, were also treated according to their condition and these also showed significant decreased in symptoms. Should patient treatment with medical cannabis become a primary instrument in the midst of a natural disaster, we will be able to mitigate acute and prolonged distress and pain attributable to meteorological catastrophic events. Medical Cannabis represents a novel and, up-to-date, the only vehicle useful instrument for disaster as first-responders for patients at a time of a natural disaster. These periods of life threat, patients are not only vulnerable to the effects of a natural disaster, but furthermore, they are victims of limited medication, health Priester S. et al. Abstract CANN 2019 insurance as they do not want to cover expensive medicines, delay assistance of economic system and lack of resources to manage health condition. Through this pilot study, we were able to identify a population of patients with diverse conditions that were treated with medical cannabis and who showed improvement after therapeutic management. Our preliminary results demonstrate that the prompt identification of high-risk patients from around the world, threatened by natural disasters like Maria Hurricane, can be treated using this resource as part of the preparedness plan to manage the emotional changes, post traumatic distress season disorder and moving forward to the medical challenge that presents future depression of mental health and PTSD at 2020. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive Therapy for Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome: A Case Series$$$ Objectives Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) is an uncommon condition associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Data on treatment interventions are limited. In this case series, we sought to describe all NMS cases requiring ECT from a large academic institution over a nearly 2-decade period. Methods We retrospectively identified all patients with NMS who were treated with ECT over a 17-year period. Patients were included in the study based on chart review using the International Consensus Diagnostic Criteria for NMS. Data were collected related to clinical findings, treatment course, and response to ECT. Results We identified 15 patients meeting the inclusion criteria. Most patients had neurocognitive or schizophrenia spectrum disorders and developed NMS after exposure to multiple antipsychotic drugs. All patients received bitemporal ECT after failed pharmacotherapy for NMS. Electroconvulsive therapy was well tolerated and resulted in a remission rate of 73.3% (n = 11). Patients showed early initial response to ECT (mean of 4.2 treatments), but an average of 17.7 treatments was necessary to minimize recurrence of catatonic signs. One patient died after interruption of the index course of ECT because of severe infection, and another was discharged to hospice care after limited response. These cases highlight the lethality of NMS and its complications despite aggressive treatment measures. Conclusions Bitemporal ECT was well tolerated and effective in treating NMS refractory to pharmacotherapy. We suggest that ECT be considered early in cases of NMS that are refractory to pharmacological interventions, especially if the underlying condition is also responsive to ECT. ER  - 
Central-Positive Complexes: A Novel Characterization of Ictal Markers Induced during Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Objectives Electroencephalography (EEG) allows monitoring of generalized seizures induced during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Scalp EEG recordings show different phases of electroencephalographic ictal activity during ECT seizures, documenting a pattern of seizures that may vary within and across individuals. In this case series, we used 64-electrode high-density EEG recording to detect topographic electroencephalographic changes not typically evident with conventional limited montages commonly used during ECT. Methods The EEG recordings were acquired from 5 participants (24 ECT sessions) during index courses for treatment-resistant depression. Using previously proposed staging criteria, the ictal EEG and simultaneously acquired video were interpreted by an expert reviewer blinded to study treatment parameters. Results The EEG recordings of all seizures showed generalized, high-amplitude, central-positive complexes (CPCs), which emerged at the beginning of phase III (polyspike and slow wave activity), with median duration of 47 seconds (interquartile range, 77 seconds), ranging from 14 to 203 seconds. Although individuals showed variability in frequency and amplitude of CPCs, CPCs typically evolved from 4.0 to 1.5 Hz in frequency and decreased in amplitude as the seizure progressed. Elaborating on previously described phases of ECT-induced electrographic seizures, we describe variability in morphology at seizure termination. Initiation of CPCs typically corresponded with clonic movements, but often terminated after motor signs ceased. Conclusions Generalized, high-amplitude, CPCs during ECT are a previously uncharacterized ictal waveform during ECT, which may have important scientific and clinical value. These complexes offer a specific marker for correlating clinical outcomes in ECT and greater understanding of generalized tonic-clonic seizures. ER  - 
Impact of comorbid PTSD on outcome of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for veterans with depression$$$ Background: Numerous studies have demonstrated the efficacy and effectiveness of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) in the general population as well as Veterans (Carpenter et al., 2012; Gaynes et al., 2014; George et al., 2010; Kozel et al., 2017). A recent randomized controlled trial of rTMS for MDD in Veterans, however, raised the question of whether co-morbid Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) negatively impacted the outcome of rTMS in Veterans (Yesavage et al., 2018). In this study, comorbid PTSD was significantly related to the remission rate (OR, 0.47; 95%CI, 0.24-0.94; P = 0.03) with only 13 of 40 (32.5%) participants with PTSD achieving remission with active stimulation, while 20 of 41 (48.8%) participants without PTSD achieved remission with active stimulation. Methods: The clinical outcome and characteristics of all Veterans suffering from MDD who were treated with TMS at the James A. Haley Veterans' Hospital as outpatients from October 2013 to September 2018 were retrospectively analyzed using an existing quality database. All patients were initially evaluated to determine the safety and appropriateness of rTMS for their symptoms that included a detailed evaluation of mood and other psychiatric comorbidities by an experienced psychiatrist. At the start of treatment, and after every five treatments, patients were assessed with self-report (Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology, Self-Report-QIDS-SR) and clinician rating scales (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale-MADRS) of depression. The MADRS was added to the routine clinic monitoring starting in April 2015. Response was defined as ≥50% reduction for both scales. Remission was defined as ≤5 for QIDS-SR and ≤10 for MADRS. A significant difference was defined as p < 0.05 (2-sided) using the Pearson Chi-square test. Results: Among the 118 patients who were treated with TMS for depression, 55 (47%) had co-morbid PTSD and 63 (53%) had no comorbid PTSD. Based on the QIDS-SR, patients with comorbid PTSD did not have a significantly different rate of response (p=0.704; 19/50 for 38.0% with PTSD versus 20/58 for 34.5% without PTSD) or remission (p=0.952; 11/50 for 21.2% with PTSD versus 12/58 for 20.7% without PTSD) compared to patients without comorbid PTSD. Similarly, for the MADRS, patients with comorbid PTSD did not have a significantly different response (p=0.905; 21/40 for 52.5% with PTSD versus 21/39 for 53.8% without PTSD) or remission (p=0.603; 18/44 for 40.9% with PTSD versus 16/45 for 35.6% without PTSD) compared to patients without comorbid PTSD. No seizures or persistent adverse effects were observed or reported in either group. Conclusions: Co-morbid PTSD did not impact the outcome of rTMS for depression in this sample of Veterans. Future studies should include formal ratings of PTSD to determine if the severity of PTSD impacts the outcome. ER  - 
Differences between diabetic and non-diabetic patients with community-acquired pneumonia in primary care in Spain$$$ Background: Diabetes is one of the underlying risk factors for developing community-acquired pneumonia (CAP). The high prevalence of diabetes among population and the rising incidence of this illness, converts it as an important disease to better control and manage, to prevent its secondary consequences as CAP. The objective of this research is to describe the characteristics of the patients with diabetes and the differences with the no diabetes who have had an episode of CAP in the context of the primary care field. Methods: A retrospective, observational study in adult patients (> 18 years-old) who suffer from CAP and attended at primary care in Spain between 2009 and 2013 was developed using the Computerized Database for Pharmacoepidemiological Studies in Primary Care (BIFAP). We carried out a descriptive analysis of the first episodes of CAP, in patients with or without diabetes as comorbidity. Other morbidity (CVA, Anaemia, Arthritis, Asthma, Heart disease, Dementia, Depression, Dysphagia, Multiple sclerosis, Epilepsy, COPD, Liver disease, Arthrosis, Parkinson's disease, Kidney disease, HIV) and life-style factors were also included in the study. Results: A total of 51,185 patients were included in the study as they suffer from the first episode of CAP. Of these, 8012 had diabetes as comorbidity. There were differences between sex and age in patients with diabetes. Patients without diabetes were younger, and had less comorbidities including those related to lifestyles such as smoking, alcoholism, social and dental problems than patients with diabetes. Conclusions: Patients who developed an episode of CAP with diabetes have more risk factors which could be reduced with an appropriate intervention, including vaccination to prevent successive CAP episodes and hospitalization. The burden of associated factors in these patients can produce an accumulation of risk. Health care professional should know this for treating and control these patients in order to avoid complications. Diabetes and those other risk factors associated could be reduced with an appropriate intervention, including vaccination to prevent the first and successive CAP episodes and the subsequent hospitalization in severe cases. ER  - 
Long-Term Follow-up of a Phase 1, First-in-Human Open-Label Study of LCAR-B38M, a Structurally Differentiated Chimeric Antigen Receptor T (CAR-T) Cell Therapy Targeting B-Cell Maturation Antigen (BCMA), in Patients (pts) with Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM)$$$ Background: In RRMM, the median overall survival (OS) of pts with RRMM who progressed after exposure to ≥3 prior therapies is ~13 mo, indicating a high unmet need. LCAR-B38M is a structurally differentiated CAR-T cell therapy containing a 4-1BB co-stimulatory domain and 2 BCMA-targeting single-domain antibodies designed to confer avidity. Earlier results from LEGEND-2 (NCT03090659), a first-in-human phase 1 study using LCAR-B38M CAR-T cells in 74 pts with RRMM conducted in 4 hospitals in China (Jiangsu Provincial People's Hospital; Ruijin Hospital; Changzheng Hospital; and the Second Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an Jiaotong University), showed encouraging efficacy and manageable safety. Key eligibility criteria included RRMM with ≥3 prior lines of therapy. Here, we present long-term follow-up data on safety and efficacy from the Xi'an site. Methods: In the Xi'an site-specific protocol (n=57), lymphodepletion was performed using cyclophosphamide (Cy; 300 mg/m2)alone for 3 days. LCAR-B38M (median CAR+ T cells, 0.5×106 cells/kg; range, 0.07-2.1 × 106) was infused in 3 split infusions. The primary objective was to evaluate the safety of LCAR-B38M; the secondary objective was to evaluate anti-myeloma response of treatment. Adverse events (AEs) were graded using the NCI-CTCAE v4.03, cytokine release syndrome (CRS) was assessed per Lee et al. 2014, and response was evaluated using IMWG criteria. Results: As of the 12/31/18 cutoff date (median follow-up, 19 mo; 95% confidence interval [CI], 17-22), enrollment at Xi'an is complete, and 57 pts have been infused with LCAR-B38M. AEs were reported by all pts: pyrexia (91%), CRS (90%), thrombocytopenia (49%), and leukopenia (47%). Grade ≥3 AEs were reported by 65% of pts: leukopenia (30%), thrombocytopenia (23%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (21%). CRS was mostly grade 1 (47%) and 2 (35%); 4 pts (7%) had grade 3 events; no grade 4/5 CRS was observed. Neurotoxicity was observed in 1 pt (grade 1 aphasia, agitation, seizure-like activity). The median time to onset of CRS was 9 days (range, 1-19) with a median duration of 9 days (range, 3-57); all but 1 CRS events resolved. Peak levels of LCAR-B38M (≥1x104 copies/µg genomic DNA) were observed in a majority of pts with blood samples for analysis (n=32). LCAR-B38M was not detectable in peripheral blood in 71% of pts at 4 mo; 5 pts showed CAR-T cell persistence for up to 10 months. The overall response rate (partial response [PR] or better) was 88% (95% CI, 76-95), complete response (CR) was achieved by 42 pts (74%; 60-85), very good partial response (VGPR) by 2 pts (4%; 0.4-12), and PR by 6 pts (11%; 4-22). Of pts with CR, 39/42 were minimal residual disease negative (MRD-neg, 8-color flow cytometry). The median time to first response was 1.2 mo. There was no relationship between best response and baseline BCMA expression level or weight-adjusted CAR+ cells infused (Fig 1a,b). At cutoff, the median follow-up was 19 mo [17-22]. Median OS has not yet been reached. The OS rate at 18 mo was 68% (54─79) with a median duration of response (mDOR) of 22 mo (13-29). Of MRD-neg pts with CR, 91% (75-97) are still alive at data cut, with a 27 mo (16-NE) mDOR. Overall, 26 (46%) of 57 all-treated pts and 25 (64%) of 39 MRD-neg pts with CR remain progression-free. The median progression-free survival (PFS) for all-treated pts was 20 mo (10-28); median PFS for MRD-neg pts with CR was 28 mo (20-31). At 18 months, the PFS rate was 50% (36-63) for all pts and 71% (52-84) for MRD-neg pts with CR. Factors contributing to long-term response are shown in Fig 1c,d. Seventeen pts died during the study and the follow-up period: progressive disease (PD; n=11), disease relapse, PD + lung infection, suicide after PD, esophageal carcinoma, infection, and pulmonary embolism and acute coronary syndrome (n=1 each). Of these, 4 did not achieve PR or better; 1 was not evaluable. Conclusions: This study provides evidence that LCAR-B38M is a highly effective therapy for RRMM, regardless of baseline BCMA expression. LCAR-B38M displayed a manageable safety profile consistent with its known mechanism of action and, with a median follow-up of 19 months, demonstrated deep and durable responses in pts with RRMM. A phase 1b/2 clinical study is ongoing in the United States (CARTITUDE-1, NCT03548207, JNJ-68284528), and a phase 2 confirmatory study has initiated in China (CARTIFAN-1, NCT03758417). [Formula presented] Disclosures: Zhuang: Nanjing Legend Biotech: Employment. Fan: Legend Biotech: Employment, Equity Ownership. ER  - 
Neurological Adverse Events Following CAR-T Cell Therapy: A Real-World Analysis of Adult Patients Treated with Axicabtagene Ciloleucel or Tisagenlecleucel$$$ Introduction: Neurotoxicity is a major adverse event (AE) of CAR-T therapy with diverse presentation. When severe, it can be fatal, and may lead to neurologic sequelae as well as contribute to increased health care utilization, driving up cost of therapy. In clinical trials, the most common neurologic AEs with axicabtagene ciloleucel (axi-cel) and tisagenlecleucel (tis-cel) included encephalopathy, headache, tremor, dizziness, aphasia, delirium, insomnia and anxiety. Fatal and serious cases of cerebral edema, leukoencephalopathy and/ or seizures have been reported with both agents. In this real-world analysis, we reviewed post-marketing case reports from the FDA Adverse Events Reporting System (FAERS). Database involving axi-cel or tis-cel for large B cell lymphoma (LBCL), with the dual objectives of characterizing the various components of neurotoxicity and assessing the association of neurological (neuro) AEs with demographic and treatment factors as well as with other AEs reported with CAR-T cell therapy use. Methods: The FAERS database contains anonymized reports of product-related AEs, classified using the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) and categorized as serious or non-serious. The FAERS database was queried for cases involving axi-cel or tis-cel (and their respective trade names) from the FDA approval date for the LBCL indication (October 18, 2017 for axi-cel; May 1, 2018 for tis-cel) through March 31, 2019. Cases were excluded if patient age was unknown or if the case was reported outside the US. Of all patients reported to have neuro AEs, the frequency of various components was collected. The association of neuro AEs with patient age, concomitant AEs and key lab abnormalities were evaluated by Fisher's exact test, using a two-sided α=0.05 to determine statistical significance. Median age in each subgroup was compared using the Mann-Whitney U test. Results: In the 397 case reports identified, the majority of reactions (376, 95%) were classified as serious. Overall, 258 (65%) were reported to have neuro AEs, with “neurotoxicity” reported in 170 cases (66%); encephalopathy including CAR-T cell-related, metabolic and toxic in 92 cases (36%); seizures including status epilepticus, myoclonus and partial seizures in 12 cases (5%); stroke including cerebrovascular accident, hemiparesis, basal ganglia, brain stem, cerebellar and cerebral infarcts, motor dysfunction, facial and cranial nerve paralysis in 13 cases (5%); speech disorders including terms of aphasia, dysarthria, speech and language impairment in 55 cases (21%); amnesia and memory impairment in 18 cases (7%); brain or spinal cord edema and increased intracranial pressure in 6 cases (2%). Peripheral neuropathy was reported in 5 cases (2%). Symptoms of headache, tremors, dizziness and somnolence were reported in 30 (12%), 41 (16%) 3 (1%) and 34 (13%) cases respectively. Confusional state, delirium or agitation were reported in 61 cases (24%). Neuro AEs were associated with use of axi-cel vs. tis-cel (69% vs. 24%, p <0.01) and with age ≥65 years (43% vs. 36% in age <65, p=0.02) but did not impact death or hospitalization (Table). Neuro AEs were associated with cytokine release syndrome (CRS, 67% vs. 49% without, p<0.01) as well as with cardiac AEs including tachycardia (p<0.01). There was an association of psychiatric AEs with neuro AEs though some (delirium, agitation, hallucination) may be considered a part of the neuro AEs. There were no associations of febrile neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, serum ferritin and C-reactive protein with neuro AEs (all p values>0.05). Conclusions: Neuro AEs were common with CAR-T cell therapy in the real world and largely resembled those reported in clinical trials. Neuro AEs were associated with the agent used, age ≥65 as well as the presence of CRS, cardiac and psychiatric AEs but not with any of the laboratory values studied. The limitations of this study include its retrospective nature, potential under-reporting to FAERS and the relatively small number of patients in the tis-cel group due to its later approval and shorter time available for uptake compared to axi-cel. Despite these limitations, our findings can serve to inform clinicians' decision making when treating adult patients with CAR-T cell therapy. Further research is needed to better discern the etiopathology and biomarkers of neuro AEs in CAR-T cell therapy. [Formula presented] Disclosures: Gajra: Cardinal Health: Employment. Zettler: Cardinal Health: Employment. Phillips Jr.: Cardinal Health: Employment. Klink: Cardinal Health: Employment. Kish: Cardinal Health: Employment. Mehta: Cardinal Health: Employment. Feinberg: Cardinal Health: Employment. ER  - 
Characterizing Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria in Clinical Trials for CAR-T Cellular Therapy Among Adults with Hematologic Malignancies$$$ Introduction: Clinical trial development and enrollment are pivotal to advancing cancer outcomes. Novel treatment modalities such as Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy is an intensive therapy that has altered the landscape of hematologic malignancy therapies, with several FDA approvals based on Phase I-II studies. Strict eligibility criteria are implemented to ensure safety of trial participants; however, these criteria can lead to barriers to patient enrollment, hinder the generalizability of the study, and result in a population of participants not representative of those who would benefit from therapy. The aim of this proposal is to characterize inclusion and exclusion criteria in clinical trials for CAR-T cellular therapy in adults with hematologic malignancies. Methods: The U.S. National Library of Medicine's Clinical Trial database of privately and publicly funded clinical studies was accessed June 2019 to assemble a list of studies with the following filters applied: hematologic, recruiting, not yet recruiting, not recruiting, active, completed, suspended, terminated studies, interventional studies, CAR, CAR T, chimeric antigen receptor, CAR NK, adult, older adult, early phase 1, phase 1, phase 2, phase 3. From this, 95 studies populated, 84 were utilized in this study and 11 studies excluded due to non-hematologic malignancy. Results: We analyzed 84 CAR-T clinical trials targeting multiple diseases (Table 1) including; acute lymphoblastic (n=7) and myeloid leukemia (n=2); lymphoma (n=6); multiple myeloma (n=40); multiple hematologic malignancies (n=27) and other (n=2). The majority of studies were phase 1 (n=47) or phase 1/2 (n=28). Upper age limit restrictions were in place for 53/84 (63%) of trials. Trials included the AYA population (n=5), ≤ age 65 (n=1), ≤ age 70 or 73 (n=26), ≤ age 75 or 78 (n=12), ≤ age 80 or 85 (n=9). Of the 84 trials, 65 (77%) had performance status inclusion criteria, most commonly was status ECOG 0-2 (n=23) and ECOG 0-1 (n=24). Patients were excluded for a history of a separate or concurrent malignancy in 52/84 (62%) trials, CNS disease was excluded in 45/84 (54%) trials and 70/84 (83%) clinical trials excluded infectious diseases; HIV (n=69) and Hepatitis B/C (n=64). Many studies had restrictions for impairment in organ function; renal impairment (n=66), cardiac deficits (n=67), and abnormal pulmonary function (n=44). Unique to CAR-T trials, 27/84 had restrictions in place for neurological disorders: epilepsy (n=15), history of brain injury (n=10), dementia (n=8), coordination/movement disorder (n=6), cerebellar disease (n=8), psychosis (n=7), paresis (n=6), history of stroke/aphasia (n=21), and active autoimmune or inflammatory disease of the central nervous system (n=3). Conclusion: CAR-T cellular therapy is a tremendous therapeutic advancement in the medical community. This study emphasizes, in detail, highly variable cross-study inclusion/exclusion criteria for early phase CAR-T studies. This new and promising therapy is actively being studied in a highly select group of patients and may not be generalizable to the older adult with hematologic malignancies due to non-uniform trial criteria. The applicability of this modality should be tempered by the understanding that CAR-T trials have overt age caps, ambiguous performance and comorbidity exclusions, and neurologic exclusions and play a role in limiting patient accessibility to novel clinical trial therapy. Confirmatory prospective and observational studies of CAR-T therapy in representative populations are a high priority. 1. Brudno JN, Kochenderfer JN. Toxicities of chimeric antigen receptor T cells: recognition and management. 2016 127:3321-3330. Doi: 10.1182/blood-2016-04-703751 2. Kim ES, Bruinooge SS, Roberts S, et al. Broadening Eligibility Criteria to Make Clinical Trials More Representative: American Society of Clinical Oncology and Friends of Cancer Research Joint Research Statement. J Clin Oncol. 2017;35(33):3737-3744. doi:10.1200/JCO.2017.73.7916 3. Unger JM, Cook E, Tai E, and Bleyer A. The Role of Clinical Trial Participation in Cancer Research: Barriers, Evidence, and Strategies. American Society of Clinical Oncology Educational Book. 2016; 36:185-198. Doi:10.1200/EDBK\_156686 [Formula presented] Disclosures: Wildes: Janssen: Research Funding; Carevive: Consultancy. Olin: Spectrum: Research Funding; Novartis: Research Funding. Artz: Miltenyi: Research Funding. Jaglowski: Unum Therapeutics Inc.: Research Funding; Kite: Consultancy, Other: advisory board, Research Funding; Juno: Consultancy, Other: advisory board; Novartis: Consultancy, Other: advisory board, Research Funding. William: Guidepoint Global: Consultancy; Defined Health: Consultancy; Techspert: Consultancy; Celgene Corporation: Consultancy; Kyowa Kirin, Inc.: Consultancy. Rosko: Vyxeos: Other: Travel support. ER  - 
An Individualized Risk Mitigation Approach for Safety: Experience from the Mosunetuzumab (CD20/CD3 Bispecific Antibody) Development Program in Relation to Neurotoxicity Risk$$$ Introduction: Neurologic toxicities have resulted in restrictions in driving/engaging in hazardous occupations and activities for pts receiving marketed T-cell-engaging CD19-directed bispecific antibodies and chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapies. Mosunetuzumab (M; RG7828) is a full-length, fully humanized immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1) bispecific antibody targeting both CD3 (on the surface of T cells) and CD20 (on the surface of B cells). Clinical trials investigating the safety and preliminary efficacy of M currently mandate a driving restriction for enrolled pts while receiving treatment. Data collected to date show that neurologic toxicities associated with M may be milder than for other CD19-directed therapies, which may be due in part to the step-up dosing regimens investigated (Budde et al. ASH 2018; Bartlett et al. ASCO 2019). We initiated a systematic review of neurologic adverse events (NAEs) in pts treated with M to characterize the nature of driving-impacting NAEs and to develop a more patient-centric approach to NAE risk-mitigation that would reduce the burden on pts in M clinical trials. Methods: A systematic review of NAEs observed in the ongoing Phase I/Ib study (GO29781; NCT02500407) of M in relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) pts (n=205) was performed (data cutoff: Jan 31, 2019; median safety follow-up: 116 days). NAEs were defined as any AE reported as a Preferred Term (PT) within the System Organ Class (SOC) Nervous System Disorders and SOC Psychiatric Disorders, as recommended by FDA. NAEs were further classified by those that have impact on cognition and consciousness (CC-NAEs), and those that may impair driving (DI-CC-NAEs). In conjunction with an independent neurology consultant, DI-CC-NAEs were adjudicated based on medical judgement and determined a priori based on reported PTs. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression with a 5% significance level was performed to determine the association of demographic and disease characteristics with DI-CC-NAEs occurring in the first 3 cycles of M treatment, as 90% (27/30) of events occurred within this period. Results: NAEs were observed in 49% (100/205) of enrolled pts and were mostly grade (Gr) 1-2 (Gr 1, 69/205 [34%]; Gr 2, 24/205 [12%]). The most frequent NAEs were headache (32/205, 16%), dizziness (27/205, 13%), and insomnia (19/205, 9%). Gr ≥3 NAEs were rare (3%, all Gr 3) and occurred as clinical sequelae to non-NAEs (e.g. Gr 3 hepatic encephalopathy secondary to Gr 4 liver function test increased, Gr 3 seizure secondary to electrolyte disturbance, Gr 3 post-herpetic neuralgia). The majority of NAEs occurred early and were transient (median onset from first M infusion: 16 days; median duration: 10 days). Most resolved (11% were unresolved at time of data cut). Frequency of NAEs was not associated with M dose level (Figure) or exposure (Li et al. ASH 2019). At the time of data cut, 30 DI-CC-NAEs (Gr 1, 17/30 [57%]; Gr 2, 9/30 [30%]; Gr 3, 4/30 [13%]) were reported, including PTs of confusional state, delirium, disturbance in attention, encephalopathy, hallucination, memory impairment, and seizure. These events were observed in 24 (12%) pts, and were mostly Gr 1-2 (26/30, 87%). Three pts experienced four Gr 3 DI-CC-NAEs (confusional state, hepatic encephalopathy, encephalopathy, seizure). The majority of DI-CC-NAEs (67%) occurred in pts with aggressive NHL (aNHL) and who had elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) at baseline based on the local institutional upper limit of normal (sensitivity: 67%; specificity: 66%; positive predictive value: 23%; negative predictive value: 93%; Table). Other characteristics included in the multivariate analysis were age, sex, and tumor bulk, but these did not demonstrate association with occurrence of DI-CC-NAEs. Conclusion: Based on these analyses, the driving restriction that applied to all pts for the duration of M treatment was amended to a restriction covering the first 2 cycles only in a subset of pts who had aNHL and elevated CRP at baseline. This novel approach of individualized risk mitigation for driving based on in-depth assessment of NAEs allows for a more targeted and patient-centric mitigation strategy to optimize the protection of pts at risk, and is useful during clinical development when the safety profile is being characterized. As further data are accumulated, the multivariate analysis can be updated to further refine the pts at risk for DI-CC-NAE. [Formula presented] Disclosures: Diefenbach: Bristol-Myers Squibb: Consultancy, Research Funding; Denovo: Research Funding; Genentech: Consultancy, Research Funding; Incyte: Research Funding; LAM Therapeutics: Research Funding; MEI: Research Funding; Merck: Consultancy, Research Funding; Seattle Genetics: Consultancy, Research Funding; Millenium/Takeda: Research Funding; Trillium: Research Funding. Assouline: Abbvie: Consultancy, Honoraria; Janssen: Consultancy, Honoraria, Speakers Bureau; F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Consultancy, Honoraria; Pfizer: Consultancy, Honoraria, Speakers Bureau. Bosch: Kyte: Consultancy, Honoraria, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding, Speakers Bureau; Acerta: Consultancy, Honoraria, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding, Speakers Bureau; Takeda: Honoraria, Research Funding; F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd/Genentech, Inc.: Consultancy, Honoraria, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding, Speakers Bureau; Novartis: Consultancy, Honoraria, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding, Speakers Bureau; AstraZeneca: Honoraria, Research Funding; Celgene: Honoraria, Research Funding; AbbVie: Consultancy, Honoraria, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding, Speakers Bureau; Janssen: Consultancy, Honoraria, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding, Speakers Bureau. Cheah: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Honoraria, Research Funding; AbbVie: Research Funding; Celgene: Research Funding; Gilead: Honoraria; Janssen: Honoraria; Acerta: Honoraria; Loxo: Honoraria. Kim: J + J: Research Funding; Novartis: Research Funding; Celltrion: Research Funding; Novartis: Research Funding; Donga: Research Funding; Kyowa-Kirin: Research Funding; F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Research Funding. Matasar: Merck: Consultancy, Equity Ownership; Genentech, Inc.: Consultancy, Honoraria, Other: Travel, accommodation, expenses, Research Funding; Bayer: Consultancy, Honoraria, Other; Roche: Consultancy, Honoraria, Other: Travel, accommodation, expenses, Research Funding; Pharmacyclics: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; GlaxoSmithKline: Honoraria, Research Funding; Daiichi Sankyo: Consultancy; Seattle Genetics: Consultancy, Honoraria, Other: Travel, accomodation, expenses, Research Funding; Rocket Medical: Consultancy, Research Funding; Teva: Consultancy; Bayer: Other: Travel, accommodation, expenses; Janssen: Honoraria, Research Funding; Juno Therapeutics: Consultancy. Panizo: Janssen: Speakers Bureau; Kyowa Kirin: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; Bristol-Myers Squibb: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Consultancy, Speakers Bureau. Yoon: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Research Funding. Bender: Genentech, Inc.: Employment, Equity Ownership. Hernandez: Genentech, Inc.: Employment, Equity Ownership. Li: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment, Equity Ownership. McCall: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Equity Ownership; Genentech, Inc.: Employment, Equity Ownership. O'Hear: Genentech, Inc.: Employment; F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Equity Ownership. Wei: Genentech, Inc./F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment, Equity Ownership. Yin: Genentech, Inc: Employment, Equity Ownership. Yousefi: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment. Kwan: Genentech, Inc: Employment, Equity Ownership. Nastoupil: Celgene: Honoraria, Research Funding; Bayer: Honoraria; Spectrum: Honoraria; Janssen: Honoraria, Research Funding; Genentech, Inc.: Honoraria, Research Funding; Novartis: Honoraria; TG Therapeutics: Honoraria, Research Funding; Gilead: Honoraria. OffLabel Disclosure: Mosunetuzumab (RG7828) is a full-length, fully humanized immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1) bispecific antibody targeting both CD3 (on the surface of T cells) and CD20 (on the surface of B cells). Mosunetuzumab redirects T cells to engage and eliminate malignant B cells. Mosunetuzumab is an investigational agent. ER  - 
Heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorders in children with Kawasaki disease: What is new today?$$$ Background: Kawasaki disease (KD) is a common vasculitis of childhood in East Asia. The complications of KD ascribed to long-term cardiovascular sequelae are considerably diverse. Although studies have investigated neurodevelopmental problems following KD in the past few decades, they have reported inconsistent conclusions. This study investigated potential epilepsy and associated neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) following KD in Taiwanese children. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the data of children aged < 18 years with clinically diagnosed KD from January 1, 2005, to December 31, 2015. These patients were followed up to estimate the prevalence of epilepsy and associated NDDs in comparison with the prevalence in general pediatric population in Taiwan and worldwide. Results: A total of 612 patients with an average age of 1.6 years were included. The prevalence of associated NDDs was 16.8% (n = 103/612) in the study group, which consisted of epilepsy, intellectual disability (ID), autism spectrum disorders, Tourette syndrome (TS), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, (ADHD), and others. Moreover, children with KD had a higher prevalence of epilepsy and TS in both Taiwan and worldwide (epilepsy: 2.61% in the KD group vs 0.33% in Taiwan and 0.05-0.8% in worldwide, p < 0.05; TS: 2.77% in the KD group vs 0.56% in Taiwan and 0.3-1% in worldwide, p < 0.05). The prevalence of ID, ADHD, and developmental language disorders was not significantly different between our study patients and those in Taiwan or worldwide. Conclusions: Results revealed a higher prevalence rate of NDDs, especially epilepsy and TS, in Taiwanese children with KD than in the general pediatric population in Taiwan. However, these NDDs could be heterogeneous. Children diagnosed with KD were followed up because they had a higher risk of heterogeneous NDDs. ER  - 
Psychosis in adults with epilepsy and its relationship to demographic, clinical and treatment variables$$$ Objectives: Psychiatric symptoms and disorders are commonly reported with epilepsy. This study aimed to determine the prevalence of interictal psychosis (IIP) in adults with epilepsy and its risk predictors. Methods: The study included 710 patients (mean age: 36.40 years; age at onset: 13.58 years; duration of epilepsy: 22.80 years). All underwent neurological and psychiatric interviewing, electroencephalography and brain imaging. Results: IIP was reported in 20.65%, of them 50% had temporal lobe epilepsy with impaired awareness and/or to bilateral tonic clonic, 42.47% had frontal lobe epilepsy with impaired awareness and/or to bilateral tonic clonic and 7.53% had generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Compared to patients without psychosis, patients with psychosis were older at age of examination, had earlier age at onset, frequent seizures, longer duration of epilepsy and long-term antiepileptic drugs therapy and many relatives with epilepsy. Nearly 76.71% had history of postictal psychosis (PIP). The mean age of onset of IIP was 30.45 years and its mean duration was 3.84 months. Approximately 22% of patients with IIP had family history of psychosis. Patients developed IIP 10 years or more after epilepsy onset. Multivariate logistic regression analyses showed that predictors for IIP were the age at onset and duration of epilepsy, number of seizures, family history of epilepsy or psychosis, history of PIP and different types of epilepsy. Conclusion: IIP is not infrequent with chronic epilepsy regardless to its type. These findings emphasize the importance of optimizing patients’ treatment and early recognition and management of IIP. Abbreviations: IIP: interictal psychosis; PIP: post-ictal psychosis; TLE: temporal lobe epilepsy; FLE: frontal lobe epilepsy; GTC: generalized tonic clonic; AEDs: antiepileptic drugs; CBZ: carbamazepine; VPA: valproate; LEV: levetiracetam; APDs: antipsychotic drugs. ER  - 
Self-management practices associated with quality of life for adults with epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy self-management practices enhance a patient’s competence and confidence in managing their chronic condition, which is assumed to lead to an improved quality of life (QoL). We analyzed the relationship between the Epilepsy Self-Management Scale (ESMS) responses and the Quality of Life in Epilepsy (QOLIE-31) scores. Baseline questionnaires from HOBSCOTCH, a self-management program for cognitive problems, were administered in four New England epilepsy centers on adults (n = 100) with epilepsy and subjective memory complaints. There was no correlation between overall self-management scores and overall quality-of-life scores; however, subscale analyses indicated that certain self-management practices were strongly correlated with the overall QOLIE-31 score. Specifically, improved ESMS lifestyle management was associated with an increased quality-of-life score (adjusted p < 0.01), while enhanced ESMS safety management practices were associated with a decreased overall quality-of-life score (adjusted p < 0.01). Our item-level analysis highlighted specific items within the ESMS safety management, ESMS lifestyle management, and ESMS information management subdomains that were significant predictors for QoL. Depression was also shown to be significantly correlated with the QOLIE-31 (p < 0.01). Our study suggests that an overemphasis on safety practices may negatively affect quality of life, while enhanced lifestyle management has positive effects. Furthermore, our finding that quality of life is greatly dependent on depressive symptoms underscores the importance of treating depression in epilepsy. ER  - 
Risk factors predisposing to psychotic symptoms during levetiracetam therapy: A retrospective study$$$ Purpose: While levetiracetam (LEV) usage is a known risk factor for psychosis in epilepsy, the modulating effect of certain patient and treatment characteristics on the risk of psychosis has yet to be fully elucidated. Methods: In our tertiary epilepsy center, 84 patients with psychotic symptoms during LEV usage and 100 controls without psychotic symptoms during LEV usage were selected. Patient records were reviewed including demographics, medical history, antiepileptic drug use, and cognitive abilities. Univariate comparisons were performed, and variables with p < 0.1 were selected for binary logistic regression analysis. Results: The total incidence of psychosis during LEV therapy in our population was 3.7%. The timing of psychotic symptoms was classified as postictal in 20 (19.8%), interictal in 14 (15.4%), postepilepsy surgery in 1 (1.1%), and unknown in 18 cases (19.8%). In 31 cases (34.1%), psychotic symptoms were classified as an antiepileptic drug-induced psychotic disorder (AIPD) as a result of LEV. In 7 cases (7.7%), AIPD occurred as a result of a different antiepileptic drug. A significant association was found between the experience of psychotic symptoms and status epilepticus (p = 0.002), a history of psychotic symptoms (p < 0.000), a history of psychiatric illness other than psychosis (p = 0.010), and concomitant phenytoin (PHT) usage (p = 0.044). Cotherapy with lamotrigine (LTG) was protective (p = 0.042). A separate analysis of controls and exclusively the 31 cases with LEV-induced AIPD yielded comparable results; a significant association was confirmed with status epilepticus (p = 0.021) and history of psychotic symptoms (p = 0.018), as well as with female gender (p = 0.047) and intellectual disability (p = 0.043). Conclusion: Our retrospective study found that psychotic symptoms during LEV therapy were significantly associated with status epilepticus, a history of psychotic symptoms, a history of psychiatric illness other than psychosis, and concomitant PHT usage, whereas concomitant LTG usage was protective. Psychotic symptoms specifically as an adverse drug reaction to LEV were significantly associated with female gender, intellectual disability, status epilepticus, and a history of psychotic symptoms. ER  - 
Self-compassion and adjustment in epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: Self-compassion has been associated with a set of adaptive coping strategies, which in turn explain better adjustment in individuals with chronic illnesses such as inflammatory bowel disease and arthritis. The aim of this study was to investigate whether self-compassion is associated with adjustment in people with epilepsy (PWE) and people with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PWPNES). Adjustment was measured via coping efficacy, quality of life (QoL), anxiety, and depression. Method: A cross-sectional questionnaire design was employed. People with epilepsy (N = 74), PWPNES (N = 46), and controls (N = 89), recruited from outpatient seizure clinics and online, completed questionnaires about their self-compassion, coping efficacy, QoL, anxiety, and depression levels. Results: Overall, self-compassion was associated with adjustment in PWE and PWPNES. Self-compassion was negatively related to anxiety and depression in PWE, PWPNES, and controls and positively related to coping efficacy in PWE and PWPNES. Self-compassion was also positively related to QoL in PWE and controls; however, this relationship was not significant in PWPNES. Conclusion: Self-compassion is associated with better adjustment in PWE and PWPNES. Implications of these findings for psychotherapeutic interventions for individuals with seizure disorders and future research are discussed. ER  - 
Assessment of psychiatric and behavioral adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs monotherapy: Could they have a neuroendocrine correlation in persons with epilepsy?$$$ Objective: The study investigated overall adverse event (AE) burden and specifically psychiatric and behavioral side effects (PBAEs) in persons with epilepsy (PWE) on antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) monotherapy. It also assessed their correlation with neuroendocrine and oxidative stress biomarkers. Methods: This cross-sectional observational study was conducted at a tertiary care hospital between 2016 and 2018. Persons with epilepsy above 18 years on monotherapy of levetiracetam (LEV) and conventional AEDs {carbamazepine (CBZ), phenytoin (PHT), or valproate (VPA)} for at least 6 months were enrolled. Validated questionnaires, ‘Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI 7.02)’, ‘Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Scale 21 (DASS-21)’, ‘Buss–Perry Aggression Questionnaire (BPAQ)’, ‘patient-weighted Quality of life Index in Epilepsy (QOLIE-10)’, ‘Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI)’, and ‘Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP)’ were used to assess the PBAEs, quality of life, sleep quality, and AE profile. A subgroup of PWE recruited consecutively were considered for estimation of the following neuroendocrine biomarker levels: brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), homovanillic acid (HVA), 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA), and total antioxidant capacity (TAC) which were then correlated with scores of above questionnaires. Results: After screening 220 PWE, 163 PWE (58 on LEV and 105 on conventional AEDs) with a mean age of 29 ± 10 years were enrolled. Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview revealed that LEV group had higher association with PBAEs and lower quality of sleep compared to conventional AEDs (p = 0.032 and 0.046, respectively). Other scales did not show significant difference between LEV and conventional AEDs. In the subset of PWE (n = 74, 36 on LEV and 38 on conventional AEDs), LEV group had more association with the PBAEs (p = 0.010), higher physical aggression and anger components of BPAQ (p = 0.03 and 0.02, respectively), and more AE (p = 0.049) than conventional AED group. However, there was no significant difference in neuroendocrine biomarker levels. Conclusion: Levetiracetam had a higher association with PBAEs and more AE when compared to conventional AEDs. There was no differential correlation of AEDs with the following neuroendocrine markers: BDNF, HVA, 5-HIAA, and TAC. These facts necessitate exploration of other mechanisms for LEV-induced PBAEs. ER  - 
Analysis of the reasons and costs of hospitalization for epilepsy patients in East China$$$ Purpose: This study aimed to assess the cause and cause-specific risks of hospitalization for epilepsy patients in East China. Further analysis was performed for inpatient hospitalization days, hospital mortality and costs. Method: This study was performed on epilepsy patients admitted to our hospital including 21 community health centers in East China from January 2011 to April 2017. Case records including patient data, length of hospitalization, reasons for admission, hospital mortality, and the costs incurred for hospitalization of epilepsy patients were reviewed. Results: The three principal reasons for admission were: 1) cerebral vascular disease (CVD), 2) newly diagnosed epilepsy with unknown etiology; and 3) frequent seizures including status epilepticus. The median length of hospitalization was 13 days. The three major reasons regarding inpatient days were: 1) Parkinson's Disease (PD), 2) dementia, 3) trauma. The average hospital mortality was 14.81‰ (17/1148) with 1) lung infection (mainly pneumonia), 2) depression (deaths occurred by suicide) and 3) frequent seizures including status epilepticus being the three top reasons. The three major financial cost incurred for in-patients with epilepsy were: 1) PD, 2) arteriovenous malformation and 3) trauma. Conclusions: The most common hospitalized reasons for epilepsy patients were CVD, PD and dementia, which all were common diseases in the elderly. Consequently, the hospitalization days of these patients were longer and their financial burden was heavier. Epilepsy patients with comorbid depression should be closely monitored to prevent suicide from the onset of epilepsy. ER  - 
Multidisciplinary management improves anxiety, depression, medication adherence, and quality of life among patients with epilepsy in eastern China: A prospective study$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of a multidisciplinary program on anxiety, depression, medication adherence, and quality of life in patients with epilepsy in eastern China. Methods: A cohort of 184 patients with epilepsy from the epilepsy clinic of a tertiary hospital in eastern China completed this program, out of which 92 were randomized into the intervention group and 92 the control group. Patients in both groups received standard antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), while those of the intervention group received an additional 12-month multidisciplinary program developed by a group of the epileptologist, pharmacist, psychiatrist, and epilepsy specialist nurse. Patients were assessed both before and after the 12-month period. The Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), and the eight-item Morisky Medication Adherence Scale (MMAS-8) were used to assess the severity of depression, anxiety, and medication adherence, respectively, along with Quality of life in Epilepsy-31 (QOLIE-31) and self-reported seizure frequency for life quality and seizure severity. Results: The 12-month multidisciplinary program significantly reduced the number of patients with severe depression (p = 0.013) and anxiety (p = 0.002), increased the number of patients with moderate-to-high AED adherence (p = 0.006) and the overall QOLIE-31 score (p < 0.001) in the intervention group. Both groups demonstrated a significant increase in the number of patients with a low seizure frequency after the 12-month period (p < 0.001). Conclusion: The 12-month multidisciplinary program offers an effective management strategy in improving psychiatric comorbidities, medication adherence, and quality of life in patients with epilepsy in eastern China. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics, resource utilization, quality of life and care situation for patients with Dravet syndrome in Germany$$$ Introduction and objective: Dravet syndrome (DS) is a rare epileptic and developmental encephalopathy associated with cognitive impairment and delayed development due to genetic mutations predominantly in the SCN1A gene. This multicenter, prospective survey-based study collected data about the clinical characteristics, health care resource utilization, costs and quality of life (QoL) of patients with DS and their caregivers in Germany. Methods: A retrospective questionnaire covering the previous 3–12 months was used in addition to a prospective diary over 3 months to confirm the retrospective data and to obtain detailed information about indirect costs, QoL, medication, seizures and health care resource utilization. The questionnaires and the diary were handed out to the parents via Dravet-Syndrome e. V. and participating centers. Results: The questionnaire and diary were completed by 93 and 77 caregivers of DS patients, respectively. Patient mean age was 10 years (range: 15 months–33.7 years), whereby the time to diagnosis was significantly lower in the last two decades. In the previous 12 months, 95% of patients experienced at least one epileptic seizure. Fever (93.4%), excitement (56%), sleep deprivation (51.6%) and physical exertion (50.5%) were reported as the factors that triggered seizures. The lifetime prevalence of status epilepticus was 77%, with 28% having had at least one episode of status epilepticus within the last year. Patient QoL was lower compared with the general population, with 46% of the parents reporting symptoms of depression. The 3‑month direct healthcare costs were 6043 € per patient, the largest components of which were inpatient costs (1702 €) followed by nursing care services (1130 €), anticonvulsant drugs (892 €) and ancillary treatment (559 €). The 3‑month total indirect cost for mothers was 4399 € and for fathers 391 €. Conclusion: The DS is associated with frequent and often treatment refractory seizures, including status epilepticus as well as various comorbidities. This study shows the substantial associated socioeconomic impact of the disease, with high direct and indirect costs and reduced QoL for patients and the caregivers. In order to achieve an improvement in the QoL for patients with DS and caregivers, new treatment and care concepts are necessary. ER  - 
Interictal Hyperperfusion in the Higher Visual Cortex in Patients With Episodic Migraine$$$ Background: Migraine pathophysiology is complex and probably involves cortical and subcortical alterations. Structural and functional brain imaging studies indicate alterations in the higher order visual cortex in patients with migraine. Arterial spin labeling magnetic resonance imaging (ASL-MRI) is a non-invasive imaging method for assessing changes in cerebral blood flow (CBF) in vivo. Objective: To examine if interictal CBF differs between patients with episodic migraine (EM) with or without aura and healthy controls (HC). Methods: We assessed interictal CBF using 2D pseudo-continuous ASL-MRI on a 3 Tesla Philips scanner (University Hospital Zurich, Switzerland) in EM (N = 17, mean age 32.7 ± 9.9, 13 females) and HC (N = 19, mean age 31.0 ± 9.3, 11 females). Results: Compared to HC, EM showed exclusively hyperperfusion in the right MT+ and Cohen’s d effect size was 0.99 (HC mean CBF ± SD: 33.1 ± 5.9 mL/100 g/minutes; EM mean CBF: 40.9 ± 9.4 mL/100 g/minutes). EM with aura (N = 13, MwA) revealed hyperperfusion compared to HC in the right MT+ and superior temporal gyrus. For MT, Cohen’s d effect size was 1.34 (HC mean CBF ± SD: 33.1 ± 5.9 mL/100 g/minutes; MwA mean CBF: 43.3 ± 8.6 mL/100 g/minutes). For the superior temporal gyrus, Cohen’s d effect size was 1.28 (HC mean CBF ± SD: 40.1 ± 4.9 mL/100 g/minutes; MwA mean CBF: 47.4 ± 6.4 mL/100 g/minutes). In EM, anxiety was positively associated with CBF in the parietal operculum and angular gyrus. Conclusions: Our results suggest that extrastriate brain regions probably involved in cortical spreading depression are associated with CBF changes in the interictal state. We conclude that ASL-MRI is a sensitive method to identify local neuro-functional abnormalities in CBF in patients with EM in the interictal state. ER  - 
Outcomes of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus in Patients who Discontinue Hydroxychloroquine$$$ Background: Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) is an antimalarial drug that is recommended as a safe, daily prophylactic intervention for individuals with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) based on previous studies that showed an association of HCQ use with reductions in flares compared with placebo. Our study aims to determine whether the discontinuation of HCQ leads to relapse of disease and whether the duration of HCQ use impacts the success of its eventual discontinuation. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed on the medical records of patients diagnosed with SLE between July 1, 2006, and June 30, 2016. The data gathered included demographic factors, diagnostic symptoms, laboratory values, and SLE medications. Additionally, HCQ usage and discontinuation rates were collected as well as the timing and prevalence of flares during and after HCQ usage. Patients who were diagnosed with SLE but never used HCQ were excluded from the study. The occurrence of flares, clinical characteristics, and duration of treatment with HCQ were compared between the group that continued HCQ and the group that discontinued HCQ. Results: Of the 509 patients who met inclusion criteria, 66.2% (n = 337) continued HCQ throughout the duration of their treatment (median duration of HCQ treatment was 8.0 years), whereas 33.8% (n = 172) did not (median duration of HCQ treatment was 1.9 years). Patients who received HCQ for less than 1 year before discontinuation (median duration of HCQ treatment was 2.5 months) were more likely to experience SLE flares compared with those who continued HCQ for more than 1 year (13.1% vs 5.7%, P = 0.019). Patients who experienced a flare while on HCQ were more likely to have arthritis, oral ulcers, leukopenia, and thrombocytopenia. Conclusion: With over 500 patient charts reviewed, this is the largest study comparing outcomes for patients on HCQ with those who discontinued it. Patients who discontinue HCQ after being on it for less than 1 year are at greater risk for flares compared with those who take HCQ for longer than 1 year. These findings should be used to guide treatment, educate patients on the role of continued treatment with HCQ, and ultimately reduce morbidity and mortality. ER  - 
A Phase II trial of vandetanib in children and adults with succinate dehydrogenase-deficient gastrointestinal stromal tumor$$$ Purpose: Gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST) are resistant to cytotoxic chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Most GIST in children are wild-type for KIT and PDGFRA (WT GIST) and deficient in expression of succinate dehydrogenase (dSDH GIST). We tested the activity of vandetanib, an oral small-molecule inhibitor of VEGFR2, EGFR, and RET, in patients with dSDH GIST. Patients and Methods: Phase II study of vandetanib (300 mg orally once daily to patients ≥18 years, and 100 mg/m2/dose to patients < 18 years) on a continuous dosing schedule (1 cycle = 28 days) to assess the clinical activity (partial and complete response rate RECIST v1.1) in patients with dSDH GIST. A Simon optimal two-stage design (target response rate 25%, rule out 5%) was used: If ≥1 of 9 patients in stage 1 responded, enrollment would be expanded to 24 patients, and if ≥3 of 24 responded, vandetanib would be considered active. Results: Nine patients (7 female and 2 male; median age, 24 years; range, 11-52) with metastatic disease were enrolled. Three of the initial 5 adult patients developed treatment-modifying toxicities. After a protocol amendment, two adults received vandetanib at 200 mg/dose with improved tolerability. The two children (<18 years old) enrolled did not experience treatment-modifying toxicities. No partial or complete responses were observed (median number of cycles, 4; range, 2-18). Conclusions: Vandetanib at a dose of 300 mg daily was not well tolerated by adults with dSDH GIST. Two of 9 patients had prolonged stable disease, but no partial or complete responses were observed, and vandetanib is thus not considered active in dSDH GIST. ER  - 
Using Scotland-wide record linkage to investigate the educational and health outcomes of children treated for chronic medical conditions: a retrospective population cohort study$$$ Background: Chronic ill health can affect children's educational and health outcomes. Previous studies have reported poorer school outcomes among children with diabetes, asthma, epilepsy, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and depression; however, many have limitations, very few have analysed multiple outcomes or population-wide data, and literature in Scotland and the UK is scarce. We aimed to identify children prescribed medication for these chronic medical conditions and investigate their educational and health outcomes compared with their peers. Methods: We retrospectively linked Scotland-wide education records for children attending primary and secondary schools in Scotland between 2009 and 2013 to prescribing data, acute and psychiatric hospital admissions, maternity records, and deaths. School absenteeism, exclusion, and special educational need were analysed annually using generalised estimating equations. Academic attainment was analysed using generalised ordinal logistic regression and unemployment with binomial logistic regression. All-cause hospitalisation and mortality were analysed using Cox proportional hazards or Poisson piecewise regression. Analyses were restricted to singleton children born in Scotland and adjusted for sociodemographic or maternity factors and comorbid conditions Findings: 766 244 schoolchildren were included in the analyses. All conditions were associated with increased school absenteeism (diabetes incidence rate ratio [IRR] 1·34, asthma 1·25, epilepsy 1·50, ADHD 1·18, depression 1·95), special educational need (diabetes odds ratio [OR] 2·45, asthma 1·28, epilepsy 10·11, ADHD 8·77, depression 2·24], and all-cause hospitalisation (diabetes hazard ratio [HR] 3·97, asthma 1·69, epilepsy 3·72, ADHD 1·33, depression 2·56). All, excluding diabetes, were associated with poorer academic attainment (asthma OR 1·11, epilepsy 4·07, ADHD 3·64, depression 3·44] and all, excluding ADHD, were associated with increased all-cause mortality [diabetes HR 3·84, asthma 1·77, epilepsy 24·77, depression 6·21]. ADHD (IRR 5·82) and depression (1·65) were associated with increased exclusion from school, whereas epilepsy (OR 1·99), ADHD (1.42), and depression (1·98) were associated with subsequent unemployment. Interpretation: In addition to poorer health outcomes, schoolchildren with these chronic medical conditions have significant educational disadvantage compared with their peers. Interventions and further understanding of the relationships between health and education among children with these conditions is required. Funding: Health Data Research UK ER  - 
PMH57 IMPACT ON QUALITY OF LIFE AND PRODUCTIVITY FOR CAREGIVERS OF ADULTS WITH DEPRESSION$$$ Objectives: To examine the excess burden of caregiving for adult patients with unipolar depression (CAPUD) compared to caregiving for adult patients with other diseases (CAPOD) and compared to the general population in Europe. Methods: A retrospective, cross-sectional analysis was performed using data from the 2016 Europe National Health and Wellness Survey. CAPUD were compared to caregivers for adults who did not have unipolar depression but had other severe diseases (bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, cancer, chronic kidney disease, COPD, heart disease, diabetes, epilepsy, immune thrombocytopenia, macular degeneration, muscular dystrophy, osteoarthritis, or stroke) and to non-caregivers. Outcomes including health-related quality of life (HRQoL) (EQ-5D-5L), Work Productivity and Activity Impairment (WPAI), and healthcare resource utilization (HRU). Generalized linear models adjusted for covariates were used to estimate marginal means for each outcome. Results: Overall, CAPUD (n=1,380) were younger and female compared to other caregivers (n=6,470) or the general population (n=69,334) (mean age: 44±15, 48±16, and 48±16, respectively; % female: 62%, 58%, and 55%, respectively). Adjusting for covariates, an excess burden translated into lower quality of life for CAPUD, their EQ-5D-5L index was 0.63 versus 0.73 for the general population (p<0.001). Activity Impairment showed an increased burden on CAPUD (65.7%) compared to the general population (40.3%; p<0.001). The incremental burden was also observed in terms of HRU in the past 6 months, with CAPUD experiencing almost three times more emergency room visits compared to the general population (1.22 versus 0.44 visits in the past6 months, p<0.001), more provider visits (10.52 versus 6.82, p<0.001) and more hospitalizations (0,72 versus 0.25, p<0.001) Conclusions: There is an incremental burden on caregivers of adult patients with unipolar depression compared to non-caregivers in terms on quality of life, productivity, and resource utilization and this burden is comparable to the burden on caregivers of adult patients with other severe diseases. ER  - 
PMH38 IDENTIFICATION OF RISK FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH HYPONATREMIA IN PSYCHIATRIC PATIENTS: A CASE CONTROL STUDY$$$ Objectives: To identify the risk factors associated with development of hyponatremia in psychiatric patients. Methods: A case control study was conducted among psychiatric inpatients in a tertiary care teaching hospital. Institutional ethics committee approval was obtained prior to the study. Psychiatric patients admitted during January 2013 to December 2017 were identified using ICD-10 code F01-F99. Psychiatric patients with serum sodium levels <135 mmol/L were considered as hyponatremia and between 135-145 mmol/L as controls. Patient demography, medical history, laboratory parameters and drug treatment were retrieved from the patient medical records. Factors associated with causing hyponatremia were identified by multiple logistic regression and odds ratio (OR) was calculated. Results: Based on inclusion and exclusion criteria, 264 cases of hyponatremia and 253 matching controls were identified and included in the study. The mean age of the patients with hyponatremia was 56.4±16.8 years as compared to 39.6±13.9 years in control and 68.2% of them were males. Alcoholism (OR=3.1; p<0.0005), history of seizures (OR=10.9; p=0.008), pulmonary tuberculosis (OR=11.4; p=0.036) were identified as independent risk factors for the development of hyponatremia, whereas hypertension (OR=0.27; p=0.008) and use of atorvastatin (OR=0.22; p=0.021) was found to decrease the development of hyponatremia. Conclusions: Alcoholism and history of seizure and pulmonary TB may have profound effect on the development of hyponatremia in psychiatric patients. Hence patients with these risk factors should be carefully monitored and managed to avoid the complications of hyponatremia. ER  - 
Acute Adverse Events After Spinal Cord Injury and Their Relationship to Long-term Neurologic and Functional Outcomes: Analysis From the North American Clinical Trials Network for Spinal Cord Injury$$$ Objectives: There are few contemporary, prospective multicenter series on the spectrum of acute adverse events and their relationship to long-term outcomes after traumatic spinal cord injury. The goal of this study is to assess the prevalence of adverse events after traumatic spinal cord injury and to evaluate the effects on long-term clinical outcome. Design: Multicenter prospective registry. Setting: Consortium of 11 university-affiliated medical centers in the North American Clinical Trials Network. Patients: Eight-hundred one spinal cord injury patients enrolled by participating centers. Interventions: Appropriate spinal cord injury treatment at individual centers. Measurements and Main Results: A total of 2,303 adverse events were recorded for 502 patients (63%). Penalized maximum logistic regression models were fitted to estimate the likelihood of neurologic recovery (ASIA Impairment Scale improvement ≥ 1 grade point) and functional outcomes in subjects who developed adverse events at 6 months postinjury. After accounting for potential confounders, the group that developed adverse events showed less neurologic recovery (odds ratio, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.32–0.96) and was more likely to require assisted breathing (odds ratio, 6.55; 95% CI, 1.17–36.67); dependent ambulation (odds ratio, 7.38; 95% CI, 4.35–13.06) and have impaired bladder (odds ratio, 9.63; 95% CI, 5.19–17.87) or bowel function (odds ratio, 7.86; 95% CI, 4.31–14.32) measured using the Spinal Cord Independence Measure subscores. Conclusions: Results from this contemporary series demonstrate that acute adverse events are common and are associated with worsened long-term outcomes after traumatic spinal cord injury. ER  - 
First clinical postmarketing experiences in the treatment of epilepsies with brivaracetam: A retrospective observational multicentre study$$$ Objectives Brivaracetam (BRV) is the latest approved antiepileptic drug and acts as a synaptic vesicle protein 2A ligand. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of BRV in the clinical setting. Design Retrospective, observational multicentre study. Setting We retrospectively collected clinical data of patients who received BRV in 10 epilepsy centres using a questionnaire that was answered by the reporting neurologist. Participants Data of 615 epilepsy patients treated with BRV were included in the study. Primary and secondary outcome measures Efficacy regarding seizure frequency and tolerability of BRV were evaluated. Descriptive statistics complemented by X 2 contingency tests and effect sizes were performed. Results Overall, 44% of the patients had a decreased, 38% a stable and 18% an increased seizure frequency. 17% of patients achieved seizure freedom after initiation of BRV. The seizure frequency decreased in 63% of 19 patients with BRV monotherapy. 27% reported adverse effects, but only 10% of patients with monotherapy. Brivaracetam was significantly more often associated with decreased seizure frequency in levetiracetam (LEV) naïve patients (p=0.012), but BRV also led to a decreased seizure frequency in 42% of patients who had been treated with LEV before, including 17% of patients who were completely seizure free. Adverse effects under LEV improved in 62% and deteriorated in 2% of patients after the switch to BRV. At latest follow-up (mean±SD = 26.3±6.5 months), 68% were still on BRV. Conclusions The present study shows that results of the phase III studies on BRV match data from real life clinical settings. Brivaracetam seems to be a useful alternative in patients who have suffered adverse effects while taking LEV. ER  - 
Characterizing inclusion and exclusion criteria in clinical trials for CAR-T cellular therapy among adults with hematologic malignancies$$$ Introduction: Clinical trial development and enrollment are pivotal to advancing cancer outcomes. Novel treatment modalities such as Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy is an intensive therapy that has altered the landscape of hematologic malignancy therapies, with several FDA approvals based on Phase I-II studies. Strict eligibility criteria are implemented to ensure safety of trial participants; however, these criteria can lead to barriers to patient enrollment, hinder the generalizability of the study, and result in a population of participants not representative of those who would benefit from therapy. The aim of this proposal is to characterize inclusion and exclusion criteria in clinical trials for CAR-T cellular therapy in adults with hematologic malignancies. Methods: The U.S. National Library of Medicine's Clinical Trial database of privately and publicly funded clinical studies was accessed June 2019 to assemble a list of studies with the following filters applied: hematologic, recruiting, not yet recruiting, not recruiting, active, completed, suspended, terminated studies, interventional studies, CAR, CAR T, chimeric antigen receptor, CAR NK, adult, S older adult, early phase 1, phase 1, phase 2, phase 3. From this, 95 studies populated, 84 were utilized in this study and 11 studies excluded due to non-hematologic malignancy. Results: We analyzed 84 CAR-T clinical trials targeting multiple diseases (Table 1) including; acute lymphoblastic (n=7) and myeloid leukemia (n=2); lymphoma (n=6); multiple myeloma (n=40); multiple hematologic malignancies (n=27) and other (n=2). The majority of studies were phase 1 (n=47) or phase 1/2 (n=28). Upper age limit restrictions were in place for 53/84 (63%) of trials. Trials included the AYA population (n=5), ≤ age 65 (n=1), ≤ age 70 or 73 (n=26), ≤ age 75 or 78 (n=12), ≤ age 80 or 85 (n=9). Of the 84 trials, 65 (77%) had performance status inclusion criteria, most commonly was status ECOG 0-2 (n=23) and ECOG 0-1 (n=24). Patients were excluded for a history of a separate or concurrent malignancy in 52/84 (62%) trials, CNS disease was excluded in 45/84 (54%) trials and 70/84 (83%) clinical trials excluded infectious diseases; HIV (n=69) and Hepatitis B/C (n=64). Many studies had restrictions for impairment in organ function; renal impairment (n=66), cardiac deficits (n=67), and abnormal pulmonary function (n=44). Unique to CAR-T trials, 27/84 had restrictions in place for neurological disorders: epilepsy (n=15), history of brain injury (n=10), dementia (n=8), coordination/movement disorder (n=6), cerebellar disease (n=8), psychosis (n=7), paresis (n=6), history of stroke/aphasia (n=21), and active autoimmune or inflammatory disease of the central nervous system (n=3). Conclusion: CAR-T cellular therapy is a tremendous therapeutic advancement in the medical community. This study emphasizes, in detail, highly variable cross-study inclusion/exclusion criteria for early phase CAR-T studies. This new and promising therapy is actively being studied in a highly select group of patients and may not be generalizable to the older adult with hematologic malignancies due to non-uniform trial criteria. The applicability of this modality should be tempered by the understanding that CAR-T trials have overt age caps, ambiguous performance and comorbidity exclusions, and neurologic exclusions and play a role in limiting patient accessibility to novel clinical trial therapy. Confirmatory prospective and observational studies of CAR-T therapy in representative populations are a high priority. ER  - 
Long-term follow-up of a phase 1, first-in-human open-label study of LCAR-B38M, a structurally differentiated chimeric antigen receptor T (CAR-T) cell therapy targeting B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA), in patients (pts) with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (RRMM)$$$ Background: In RRMM, the median overall survival (OS) of pts with RRMM who progressed after exposure to >3 prior therapies is ~13 mo, indicating a high unmet need. LCAR-B38M is a structurally differentiated CAR-T cell therapy containing a 4-1BB co-stimulatory domain and 2 BCMA-targeting single-domain antibodies designed to confer avidity. Earlier results from LEGEND-2 (NCT03090659), a first-inhuman phase 1 study using LCAR-B38M CAR-T cells in 74 pts with RRMM conducted in 4 hospitals in China (Jiangsu Provincial People's Hospital; Ruijin Hospital; Changzheng Hospital; and the Second Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an Jiaotong University), showed encouraging efficacy and manageable safety Key eligibility criteria included RRMM with >3 prior lines of therapy. Here, we present long-term follow-up data on safety and efficacy from the Xi'an site. Methods: In the Xi'an site-specific protocol (n=57), lymphodepletion was performed using cyclophosphamide (Cy; 300 mg/m2)alone for 3 days. LCAR-B38M (median CAR+ T cells, 0.5×106 cells/kg; range, 0.07-2.1 × 106) was infused in 3 split infusions. The primary objective was to evaluate the safety of LCAR-B38M; the secondary objective was to evaluate anti-myeloma response of treatment. Adverse events (AEs) were graded using the NCI-CTCAE v4.03, cytokine release syndrome (CRS) was assessed per Lee et al. 2014, and response was evaluated using IMWG criteria. Results: As of the 12/31/18 cutoff date (median follow-up, 19 mo; 95% confidence interval [CI], 17-22), enrollment at Xi'an is complete, and 57 pts have been infused with LCAR-B38M. AEs were reported by all pts: pyrexia (91%), CRS (90%), thrombocytopenia (49%), and leukopenia (47%). Grade >3 AEs were reported by 65% of pts: leukopenia (30%), thrombocytopenia (23%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (21%). CRS was mostly grade 1 (47%) and 2 (35%); 4 pts (7%) had grade 3 events; no grade 4/5 CRS was observed. Neurotoxicity was observed in 1 pt (grade 1 aphasia, agitation, seizure-like activity). The median time to onset of CRS was 9 days (range, 1-19) with a median duration of 9 days (range, 3-57); all but 1 CRS events resolved. Peak levels of LCAR-B38M (>1x104 copies/μ g genomic DNA) were observed in a majority of pts with blood samples for analysis (n=32). LCAR-B38M was not detectable in peripheral blood in 71% of pts at 4 mo; 5 pts showed CAR-T cell persistence for up to 10 months. The overall response rate (partial response [PR] or better) was 88% (95% CI, 76-95), complete response (CR) was achieved by 42 pts (74%; 60-85), very good partial response (VGPR) by 2 pts (4%; 0.4-12), and PR by 6 pts (11%; 4-22). Of pts with CR, 39/42 were minimal residual disease negative (MRD-neg, 8-color flow cytometry). The median time to first response was 1.2 mo. There was no relationship between best response and baseline BCMA expression level or weight-adjusted At cutoff, the median follow-up was 19 mo [17-22]. Median OS has not yet been reached. The OS rate at 18 mo was 68% (54-79) with a median duration of response (mDOR) of 22 mo (13-29). Of MRD- neg pts with CR, 91% (75-97) are still alive at data cut, with a 27 mo (16-NE) mDOR. Overall, 26 (46%) of 57 all-treated pts and 25 (64%) of 39 MRD-neg pts with CR remain progression-free. The median progression-free survival (PFS) for all-treated pts was 20 mo (10-28); median PFS for MRD-neg pts with CR was 28 mo (20-31). At 18 months, the PFS rate was 50% (36-63) for all pts and 71% (52-84) for MRD-neg pts with CR. Factors contributing to long-term response are shown in Fig 1c,d. Seventeen pts died during the study and the follow-up period: progressive disease (PD; n=11), disease relapse, PD + lung infection, suicide after PD, esophageal carcinoma, infection, and pulmonary embolism and acute coronary syndrome (n=1 each). Of these, 4 did not achieve PR or better; 1 was not evaluable. Conclusions: This study provides evidence that LCAR-B38M is a highly effective therapy for RRMM, regardless of baseline BCMA expression. LCAR-B38M displayed a manageable safety profile consistent with its known mechanism of action and, with a median follow-up of 19 months, demonstrated deep and durable responses in pts with RRMM. A phase 1b/2 clinical study is ongoing in the United States (CARTITUDE-1, NCT03548207, JNJ-68284528), and a phase 2 confirmatory study has initiated in China (CARTIFAN-1, NCT03758417). ER  - 
Battery replacement with cardiac based vns device maintains seizure control in children with refractory epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Cardiac-based seizure detection and vagal nerve stimulation (VNS), using AspireSR®; model 106, has been shown to provide significant additional benefit when used in adults with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) with the older VNS model. Pediatric data is non-existent. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed children with DRE with the older VNS model (102) who underwent battery replacement with the AspireSR®, model 106 since September 2016 at our institution. We assessed the seizure outcomes since the first VNS device insertion till the last follow up after AspireSR® (with cardiac-based seizure detection) using McHugh seizure outcome classification. Results: During the study period, 61 children underwent insertion of AspireSR®, model 106. Battery replacement was done in six of these children. The mean age at seizure onset was 2.3 years (SD 1.8). The etiologies included post-encephalitis epilepsy (2), mitochondrial disorder (1), bilateral mesial temporal sclerosis (1) and unknown (2). All patients had daily seizures and were on 3-4 antiepileptic drugs. All had significant neurological co-morbidities: global delay (3), attention deficit (2), significant behavioral issues (4) and autism (1). The mean age at first VNS device insertion was 8.2 years. The seizure outcome at 2 years was: Class II (2), Class III (3) and Class IV (1). Rescue magnet stimulation shortened the seizure duration in all children except one. Two children with previous history of status epilepticus stopped having prolonged seizures and need for hospitalization. All the children were on high VNS settings (both output current and duty cycle) before model change. The mean age at battery replacement was 13.6 years. The mean period of follow up after battery replacement was 12 months. Five children [class II (2), Class III (2) and class IV (1)] maintained their seizure control after the battery replacement. The seizure outcome in one child improved from class V to class II after the battery replacement. Two children showed significant deterioration in behavior following battery replacement, warranting stopping the autostimulation mode (1 transiently). Conclusion: Battery replacement with AspireSR® (model 106) maintained the seizure control in majority of children with DRE. Auto-stimulation mode may not be tolerated in some children. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of bevacizumab plus ttfields in patients with recurrent glioblastoma (GBM): Data from a phase ii clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies of bevacizumab monotherapy and TTFields monotherapy have shown activity but limited clinical benefit in patients with recurrent GBM. In an open label, single-arm, phase 2 clinical trial, the safety and efficacy of the combination of bevacizumab and TTFields was studied in patients with recurrent GBM. METHOD: Bevacizumabnaïve patients with histologically confirmed GBM or other grade IV glioma, with recurrent disease after radiotherapy and temozolomide chemotherapy, were eligible. Bevacizumab dose was 10mg/kg intravenously every 2 weeks and TTFields was worn at least 18 hours daily. The primary endpoint was safety, progression-free survival at 6 months (PFS6) and overall survival at 12 months (OS12). Treatment was continued until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Survival outcomes were assessed using the Kaplan- Meier method. Treatment-related adverse events were reported according to CTCAE, v4.0 criteria. RESULTS: 25 patients were enrolled and 23 were eligible for data analysis: 18 (78%) men and 5 (22%) women, median age 60 years (range 17-78). 21 patients were Caucasian, 1 was African American and 1 of unknown race. Median follow-up was 6.0 months (range 2.4-22). Seven patients (30 %) had disease progression. Median PFS was 9.9 (95% CI: 6.7-NA) months. PFS rate at 6 months (PFS6) was 71% (95% CI: 0.54- 0.94). Median overall survival was 9.9 (95%CI 7.3-NA) months. OS rate at 12 months (OS12) was 42% (95%CI 0.24-0.74). 7 patients (30%) had grade 3 toxicity (cough, dysphagia, muscle weakness, hyperglycemia, hypertension, psychosis, seizure, lymphopenia, transaminitis). 1 patient developed grade 4 muscle weakness in the lower extremities. CONCLUSION: Treatment with the combination of bevacizumab and TTFields in patients with recurrent GBM is safe and feasible and has shown clinical efficacy. ER  - 
Correlation of EEG findings in anti-NMDA-R encephalitis with disease severity, disease stage and patient outcomes in a tertiary hospital in the philippines$$$ Purpose: Anti-NMDA-R encephalitis, an autoimmune ence phalitis, is characterized to have 5 phases: prodromal, psychotic, unresponsive, hyperkinetic, and recovery. Data on EEG findings and its relation with disease phase is still limited. This study aims to describe the EEG findings in anti-NMDA-R encephalitis and correlate them with clinical presentation, disease severity, stage and outcomes. Method: This is a retrospective qualitative study of adult and pediatric patients, diagnosed with CSF-confirmed anti-NMDA-R encephalitis, admitted from 2010 to 2017. EEG tracings were reviewed and correlated with clinical findings. Results: A total of 6 patients were reviewed and twenty EEGs were included. Normal background activity is seen in the psychotic phase, sometimes with intermittent focal or bilateral slowing. Progression to diffuse theta-delta slowing was seen in all patients during the unresponsive, hyperkinetic and early recovery phases, regardless of severity. Normal background activity re-emerged in 1 patient in the recovery phase. Extreme delta brush (EDB), unique to anti-NMDAR encephalitis, was seen in all patients in the unresponsive, hyperkinetic and early recovery phase. Excess beta activity was not a common finding. Epileptiform discharges were seen in almost 50% of the EEGs at any phase of the disease. None of the EEG findings correlated to outcome. Conclusion: The evolution in background activity as the disease progressed and presence of EDB can be speculated to be related with the disease phases. Due to the limited number of patients and EEGs reviewed, further studies are needed to prove these speculations. ER  - 
Epilepsy and psychotropic medications$$$ Purpose: Psychiatric disorders are the most common comorbidity in epilepsy. The wide spectrum of psychotropic medications and their varied impact on the seizure threshold requires that the psychotropic regimen be individualized for a patient with comorbid epilepsy and psychiatric disease. The authors aim to review relevant studies investigating the impact of psychotropic medications on the seizure threshold. Method: We performed a search of the current literature using the following keywords-Seizure threshold in epilepsy, antipsychotics and seizure, antidepressants and seizure. Databases such as PubMed, MeSH, and Cochrane were screened for relevant articles. Results: A total of 320 articles were initially identified by utilizing the above-mentioned search terms, however only 60 were found to meet inclusion criteria and were reviewed for purposed of our study. The articles included ranged from 1980 to 2016. Only articles that specifically discussed lowering seizure threshold in patients with epilepsy were selected. Seizures secondary to overdose from antipsychotics or antidepressants were not included in our review. Studies where the diagnosis of epilepsy was not clearly established, such as those with drug related seizures, alcohol withdrawal seizures or acute symptomatic seizures secondary to TBI or CNS infections, were not included. Trials utilizing exclusive Electroconvulsive therapy treatment (ECT) in patients with epilepsy were not included, however articles with combined ECT and either adjuvant anti-depressants or anti-psychotics were included. Conclusion: Based on an in depth review of the literature, certain antidepressants such as Bupropion should not be used in known epileptics. Antipsychotics such as Clozapine and Olanzapine also carry high seizure risk. First line antidepressants such as Selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRI) and atypical antipsychotics appear to have the safest profile with respect to seizures and constitute the mainstay of treatment in patients with comorbid epilepsy and psychiatric disease. ER  - 
Clinical manifestations and treatments of patients with non-ketotic hyperglycemia related seizures$$$ Purpose: To study the clinical manifestations and treatments of patients with non-ketotic hyperglycemia related seizures. Method: We present seven cases of no-nketotic hyperglycemia related seizure in clinical, electrical and imaging characteristics retrospectively. Results: Both eight patients present with epileptic seizures in the context of non-ketotic hyperglycemia. Non-ketotic hyperglycemia (NKH) caused focal motor, occipital seizures or secondarily generalized seizure, with characteristic electroencephalographic (EEG) revealed epileptogenic focus including epilepsia partialis continua, the magnetic resonance imaging scan of whose head showed cortical DWI hyperintensity in the left occipital lobe.The blood glucose level normalization resolved six patients' symptoms. The epilepsia partialis continua and visual hallucinations were also successfully terminated by the introduction of short-term antiseizure medication and glycemic control. She remained seizure-and antiepileptic drug-free after discharge as of her 3-month follow-up. Conclusion: Seizures associated with non-ketotic hyperglycemia are usually focal in nature. The most frequent type of seizures described in hyperglycemia are focal motor, occiptal seizures or secondarily generalized seizures. Nonketotic hyperglycemia induced focal seizures have an excellent prognosis with lowering glucose levels, and no antiepleptic medication was adviced. ER  - 
Affective somatomorf dysphoric disorder of epilepsy relates to low quality of life and suicide risk in Colombian epilepsy patients: A cross-sectional study with analytical component$$$ Purpose: Mood disorders, including affective-somatoform (dysphoric) disorder of epilepsy (ASDD), add extreme psychosocial burden to epilepsy, affect quality of life beyond epilepsy-related variables, and increase suicidal risk. There is paucity of information on this subject in Colombia. Accordingly, we decided to investigate the frequency of ASDD in Colombian patients with epilepsy attending the out-patient epilepsy clinic in a Military Hospital from May 1st 2017 to May 31st 2018. Method: We collected a sample of 150 patients, of which 110 patients met the inclusion criteria, target calculated sample was 107. Two instruments were applied: the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview, to assess 3 out of 8 symptoms required for ASDD diagnosis (ILAE 2007) and suicide risk and, the Quality of Life Inventory (QOLIE-31P). Results: The results of our study indicate that the majority of patients with epilepsy in the Military Hospital fulfilled ILAE 2007 ASDD diagnosis criteria (61%) and had a poor QOL (60% under 60 points). In addition, 45% had suicidal risk, higher rates than those reported in international literature. Chi 2 analysis demonstrated a significant relationship between the presence of ASDD and lower scores of QOL (p < 0.001 ± CI 24.7-10.9), suicide risk (p < 0.001), pharmaco-resistance (p 0.012∗) and levetiracetam use. In an exploratory multivariate correlation analysis depressive mood, euphoria and insomnia closely correlated with low QOL, relative to other symptoms of ASDD, and phobia correlated with suicide risk more strongly than the rest of the symptoms. Conclusion: The above results reflect that the majority of out-patients with epilepsy in a Colombian sample have high psychopathological burden that greatly affects their quality of life. Certain symptoms of ASDD should be explored in epilepsy clinics since these have a closer relationship with low QOL than other psychiatric symptoms, paying special attention to phobia as this symptom was found closely related to suicide risk. ER  - 
Video EEG with suggestion (Vest) trial-comparison of efficacy between suggestion methods during video EEG recording: Verbal suggestion in isolation and verbal suggestion along with cotton swab or tuning fork for inducing the paroxysmal event in children aged 5 to 18 years with suspected psychogenic nonepileptic seizures-A randomized controlled non-inferiority trial$$$ Purpose: Although video EEG with suggestion is considered gold standard for diagnosing psychogenic nonepileptic seizures(PNES), there are ethical concerns and ambiguity regarding the least invasive and least deceptive suggestion method. Verbal suggestion, with/without tuning fork, cotton swab or other instruments are the most common methods all over the world used for the purpose of inducing the paroxysmal event. Method: Efficacy of three suggestion methods during video EEG recording for inducing the PNES in children between 5 and 18 years of age were compared: using verbal suggestion only, using tuning fork along with verbal suggestion and using cotton swab along with verbal suggestion (between July and November 2018 using non-inferiority study design (NCT03551431)). Different suggestion methods in all the participants were performed by a single Pediatric Neurologist to avoid bias. Results: Out of the 86 children with suspected PNES; eleven were excluded as they were found to have organic cause (6-neurocardiogenic syncope, 4-epilepsy, 1-BPV). 75 children were enrolled, 25 in each arm (41/75 female, median age-10 years, range-8-15 years). Efficacy of verbal suggestion only, verbal suggestion with cotton swab and verbal suggestion with tuning fork were found to be 64%, 64% and 68% respectively(p = 0.91). Verbal suggestion only was found to be non-inferior to other two methods, at noninferiority margin of 15%. On subgroup analysis, for both genders, as well as for dialeptic, hypermotor or complex motor PNES, induction by verbal suggestion was non-inferior to other methods. Moreover, age/sex of the child, type of PNES, or presence of stressors had no significant association with efficacy of suggestion methods. However, children with multiple other psychogenic complaints were induced more successfully (74% vs 62%, p = 0.04) than their counterpart. Conclusion: Efficacy of verbal suggestion only for inducing the paroxysmal event is non-inferior to using tuning fork/cotton swab along with verbal suggestion during video EEG. ER  - 
De novo psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) after epilepsy surgery. a european multicenter retrospective cohort study$$$ Purpose: Τhis is a European multicenter retrospective cohort study to record patients who developed de novo psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNEs) after epilepsy surgery. Method: Fifty seven European Epilepsy monitoring Units (EMUs) were contacted to fill a questionnaire regarding the number of patients undergoing epilepsy surgery, the systematic preoperative and postoperative psychiatric evaluation of these patients and the presence of patients with de novo psychiatric non-epileptic seizures (PNES) after epilepsy surgery as well as to complete a data sheet with the demographic and clinical data of patients with postoperative PNES. Results: Nineteen EMUs participated in the questionnaire survey to report an average number of 36 patients underging epilepsy surgery every year. Preoperative psychiatric evaluation is conducted in 14/19 EMUs (73.7%), while postoperative psychiatric evaluation is contacted in 9/19 EMUs (47.4%). Seventy three patients of 9 EMUs were recruited in the study (51 females). The median age of epilepsy onset was 14.2 years and the median age at the time of epilepsy surgery was 18.2 years. PNES development was associated with the presence of preoperative psychiatric disorders and the female gender but was not associated with the seizures outcome following epilepsy surgery. Postoperative PNES presented in a median period of 21 months after epilepsy surgery. In 53 patients (72.6%), PNES presented with different semiology from that of the habitual epileptic seizures, mainly with motor manifestations. Conclusion: The de novo occurrence of PNES after epilepsy surgery is underdiagnosed and may contribute to the reported recurrence rate of seizures after epilepsy surgery. Seizures after epilepsy surgery should be carefully evaluated, especially if they present with motor manifestations or with manifestations different from the habitual seizures. Postoperative PNES may develop at a long interval after epilepsy surgery, especially in female patients with preoperative psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Seizure control via immunotherapy in combination with antiepileptic monotherapy in chronic mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) secondary to limbic encephalitis with antibodies against glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD): A case report$$$ Purpose: GAD65-antibodies have been associated with multiple non-neurological and neurological syndromes including autoimmune epilepsy, limbic and extra-limbic encephalitis. Here we analyzed clinical, electroencephalographic, MRI features and evaluated treatment results in a patient with chronic mesial temporal lobe epilepsy secondary to a limbic encephalitis with anti-GAD-antibodies. Method: We retrospectively analyzed clinical data, medical history, the results of video-EEG monitoring, MRI and treatment protocols and analyzed the treatment results. Results: A 16-year-old boy presented with acute psychosis and focal seizures. CSF analysis showed moderate pleocytosis and protein elevation without bacterial or viral changes. MRI revealed increased signal on FLAIR and T2WI in bilateral hippocampus and amygdala and both hippocampus enlargement. And there were bifronto-temporal discharges of high-amplitude delta waves with sharp waves superimposed on EEG. After 3-day-course of steroid pulse-therapy the psychosis resolved but he had severe short memory impairment, anxiety and focal seizures. After 3 months without treatment he had 3 focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures. Oxcarbazepine was started with partial effect. A very high anti-GAD-antibodies titer level was detected > 2000 IU/ml. The second immunotherapy course on monthly basis was started resulted in dramatic improvement: his memory recovered and seizures stopped. In follow-up MRI the signal changes disappeared completely. The immunotherapy was withdrawn and he was seizure free with AED monotherapy. But EEG showed periodic regional slowing and epileptiform discharges of low index in right temporal region. His GAD antibodies titer level is still high, started lowering only in a year and 8 months from the disease onset (now-450 IU/ml). But now the patient has only rare focal siezures. Conclusion: Our case highlights the importance of early detection of anti-GAD antibodies in limbic encephalitis and provides evidence that early immunotherapy added to the antiepileptic drugs can possibly prevent the development of permanent brain tissue damage and drug resistant epilepsy. ER  - 
Quality and safety in adult epilepsy monitoring unit of Prasat Neurological Institute epilepsy center, Thailand$$$ Purpose: To study data on the safety and quality of care in Epilepsy Monitoring Unit of Prasat Neurological Institute epilepsy center. Methods: Retrospective reviewed medical record of patient who were admitted in EMU for long term video EEG monitoring during 30 April 2013-30 September 2018. Data recording of 4 issues including: 1) Equitability(patient's information) 2) Effectiveness and efficacy of EMU 3) Safety 4) Timeliness. Chi-square statistic and multivariate logistic regression was used for analysis. Result: 502 medical records were reviewed, the most reason for admission was pre-surgical evaluation(65%), mean length of stay was 3.6 days(3.0-5.0), mean cost of hospitalization was 793.14 USD(2,373.71-60-63), common adverse event was pressure sore (45.8%) followed by falls(41.7%) and post ictal psychosis(12.5%), mean time to first seizure in EMU was 34.7 hours(235-0), mean waiting time to admission was 66.79 days(374-0), mean time from admission to EEG electrode placement was 120 minutes(240-60). In multivariate analysis, pressure sore associated with type of antiepileptic drug (Phenytoin vs other AEDs; p < 0.005) and long duration of electrode placement (2.3 +/-1.2 vs 3.2 +/-1.5 days; p < 0.005). Higher cost of hospitalization associated with type of seizure (Extra temporal vs Temporal; p = 0.003). Conclusion: This study demonstrated that there is a great deal of quality and safety in Prasat Neurological Institute EMU. These findings highlight that quite low cost for long term VEEG monitoring ad relative low incidence of complication also without serious complication. Furthermore we need to develop evidence base consensus driven quality indicators for EMU. ER  - 
The adverse event profile of eslicarbazepine acetate: A systematic review of randomized controlled trials$$$ Purpose: We aimed to comprehensively evaluate tolerability and safety profile of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) treatment by conducting a systematic review of all available randomized controlled trials (RCTs), which is a prerequisite for its optimal utilization in clinical practice. Method: We conducted an online database search using Pubmed, Embase, Cochrane Online Library, and Clinicaltrial.gov for placebo controlled, double-blind RCTs and investigated the therapeutic effects of oral ESL in adults with any condition. Adverse events (AEs) were assessed for their association with ESL after identification synonyms, rare AEs, and nonassessable AEs. We used risk differences to evaluate the association of serious AEs and withdrawals due to intolerable AEs with ESL, and to investigate doseresponse relationships of identified AEs. Results: Thirteen RCTs (five in refractory partial seizure, two in bipolar I disorder, one in migraine, one in fibromyalgia, two in diabetic neuropathic pain and two in post-herpetic neuralgia) were included in our study. The total number of patients included was 4067. 39 AEs (35% of the initial sample) were investigated for their association with ESL. Serious AEs and AE-related withdrawal were significantly associated with ESL treatment. The number of AEs associated with ESL increased with increasing dose: dizziness at 400 mg/day; diplopia, nausea, vomiting, dizziness, somnolence, rash and hyponatraemia at 800 mg/day; visual blurred, diplopia, vertigo, nausea, vomiting, fatigue, dizziness, somnolence, headache, rash and hyponatraemia at 1200 mg/day. ESL was associated with an increased risk of AE-related study withdrawals compared to placebo. Conclusion: The incidence of AEs increased with increasing doses ESL treatment. Further clinical studies will be needed to more concretely determine the safety and tolerability profile of ESL. ER  - 
Factors contributing to social anxiety in Korean adults with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We investigated to examine the social anxiety in Korean adults with epilepsy and to determine factors contributing to social anxiety. Method: This cross-sectional, multicenter study collected data from adults with epilepsy who attended the neurological outpatient clinics in Korea. Social anxiety was assessed using Short forms of Social Interaction Anxiety Scale (SIAS), Social Phobia Scale (SPS). Demographic and clinical data were collected and all patients were asked to fill out questionnaires; stigma scale, knowledge of epilepsy, Family Adaptation-Partnership-Growth-Affection-Resolve (F-APGAR), and Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9). Results: We found that 14.7% and 21.0% of patients with epilepsy had higher level social anxiety scores in terms of SIAS and SPS, respectively. Among psychosocial variables social interaction anxiety was significantly related to depression (PHQ-9, p = 0.001) in patients with epilepsy. Demographic and seizure-related variables were not related to social interaction anxiety. Logistic regression analyses showed that social phobia in patients with epilepsy was significantly related to all psychosocial variables except for knowledge of epilepsy; these included felt stigma (p = 0.05, 0.013), dysfunctional family (p = 0.046), and a high level of depression (p = 0.004). Demographic and seizurerelated variables were not related to social phobia. Conclusion: Social interaction anxiety was significantly related to depression, and social phobia was associated with felt stigma, dysfunctional family, and a high level of depression in patients with epilepsy. Demographic and seizure-related variables were not related to social interaction anxiety and social phobia. ER  - 
Semiological features of psycogenic nonepileptic seizures: Insights from video-eeg monitoring in epilepsy reference center in Buenos Aires, Argentina$$$ Purpose: Categorize semiological features observed in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) during Video-EEG (VEEG) monitoring to improve clinical diagnosis. Method: Retrospective observational study in patients(p) admitted to VEEG during 2014-2018. Recording of patients with PNES, with or without epilepsy, were reviewed. The semiology of each event was visually analyzed and entered into a database, in which the signs and symptoms were classified in four groups according to the prominent semiological finding: Hypermotor, Motionless, Total lack of Responsiveness and the presence of Aura. Other symptoms were also included. Results: 379 Video-EEG studies were performed during the period studied, 53p (14%) met the inclusion criteria, 42 (79%) women. A total of 259 PNES were analyzed; 34p were classified in the PNES-only group and 19 in the PNES and Epilepsy group. Mean age was 33 yr (15 to 83). Mean onset of PNEs was 26 yr. Average time before diagnosis was 6 yr. First event was recorded after 16 hr in VEEG (1-90 hr). Number of events was 4 (1 to 30). As for the treatment, 98% were on medication with AEDs, mean 4 AED's (1 to 7). According to the semiological characterization, 40p (75.5%) presented 137 Hypermotor PNES, followed by Aura in 36p (68%) presenting 53 PNES. The Total lack of Responsiveness type was present in 15p (28.3%) with 32 PNES, and Motionless type in 11p (20.7%) with 20 PNES. Conclusion: VEEG is the study of choice for the diagnosis of PNES, since it is a dependent operator study, defining the semiological features of PNES results in a most precise diagnosis. In our study we found that most of the patients presented with multiple crisis with non-stereotyped events. The most frequent clinical presentation was hypermotor PNES. Thoroughly observation of VEEG recordings by trained personal is essential to accomplish an accurate diagnosis of PNES. ER  - 
Epilepsy-related deaths are a major public health problem: Results from a national study using linked administrative health data to determine the burden of epilepsy-related deaths and the proportion that are potentially avoidable$$$ Purpose: To use nationwide, linked, administrative datasets to identify validated epilepsy diagnoses in adults (aged ≥ 16 years), quantify and characterise epilepsy-related deaths (EPRDs), and estimate the proportion of potentially avoidable EPRDs. Method: In an ongoing, retrospective, population-based study of adult mortality between 01/01/2009-2016 in Scotland, death certificates were linked to administrative primary and secondary care datasets. International Classification of Disease (ICD-10) codes (G40-41, R56.8), Read Codes (F25.), and antiepileptic drug (AED) prescriptions were examined in the linked dataset to identify potential epilepsy patients. The positive predictive value (PPV) of each, or in combination, was assessed using clinical data from medical records as a diagnostic reference. EPRDs were determined from coded data from death certificates (including postmortem indicators), medical records, and applying Devinski's classification of EPRDs. We estimated standardised mortality ratios (SMR) and mortality rates (MR) of EPRDs. We used the Office for National Statistics' Revised Definition of Avoidable Mortality Causes 2016 to identify potentially avoidable EPRDs. Results: Combining AED prescription with death certificate ICD-10 epilepsy codes G40-41 had the highest PPV (99%) for epilepsy diagnosis. There were 2,149 EPRDs. Annual age-standardised MR per 100,000 ranged between 6.8 (95%CI 6.0-7.6) in 2009 and 9.1 (95%CI 8.2-9.9) in 2015. SMR was higher in young adults (≤55 years), peaking at 6 (95%CI 2.3-9.7) in those aged 16-24 years. There were 579 EPRDs in those aged ≤ 55 years. 26% were SUDEP, 26% were respiratory causes (mainly aspiration pneumonias), and 15% were mental disorders (mostly alcohol-related). 79% of all EPRDs were potentially avoidable. The commonest modifiable factors were absent epilepsy specialist input, poor patient education, and drug errors. Conclusion: EPRDs are a major public health problem given that: 1) they have not decreased over time despite advances in diagnostics and therapeutics, 2) many are potentially avoidable, and 3) young adults are at most risk. ER  - 
Sexual dysfunction and associated factors among patients with epilepsy at Amanuel Mental Specialty Hospital, Addis Ababa-Ethiopia$$$ Background: Many patients with chronic illness have sexual dysfunction that may be related to the condition itself, drug side effects, emotional sequel, or a combination of those factors. Patients with epilepsy are no exception. Men and women with epilepsy are frequently complaining sexual dysfunction and they appear to have a higher incidence of sexual dysfunction than peoples with other chronic neurologic illness. These problems can have a substantial impact on their sexuality thus; it needs careful study and evaluation. Methods: Hospital based cross sectional study was conducted from January to July, 2016 among Patient with Epilepsy at Amanuel Mental Specialty Hospital. Interviewer administered Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire (CSFQ-14) was used in order to assess the sexual problems. Finally, the data was analyzed by using Statistical Package for Social Science (SPSS) V-20. Descriptive statistics and logistic regression were used to describe the variables. Levels of significance of association determined at < 0.05. Results: A total of 694 respondents participated, with response rate 99.14%. Among them 576 completed all items. The result showed that 363 subjects (63.9, 95%CI = 59.5-67.7) had global sexual dysfunction. Furthermore, the rate of sexual dysfunction was reported as 55.6% (95%CI = 49.1-62.6) and 67.4% (95%CI = 62.8-72.1) in female and male participants, respectively. Among domains of sexual dysfunction; sexual arousal problem (97.8% (95%CI = 95.8-98.3)) and sexual pain problem (11.3% (95%CI = 8.8-13.9)) were the most and the least prevalent sexual dysfunctions respectively. Concerning associated factors; age grouped > 51, depression, being out of relationship or not satisfied with non-sexual aspect of relationship, being jobless and khat use has positive association with sexual dysfunction. By the other side alcohol use, level of education & age groups 18-21 years associated negatively. Conclusions: The prevalence of sexual dysfunction among patients with epilepsy is very high; its prevalence is more among males than females. Sexual arousal problem and sexual pain problem were the most and the least prevalent sexual dysfunctions respectively. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life and associated factors among epileptic patients on treatment follow up at public hospitals of Wollega zones, Ethiopia, 2018$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess health-related quality of life and its associated factors among epileptic patients in public hospitals of Wollega zones, Ethiopia. Institutional based cross-sectional study was conducted on 402 epileptic patients, from March 01 to March 30, 2018. Multiple linear regression with backward elimination was used, and all analyses were conducted at the 0.05 significance level. RESULTS: The overall mean total score on the WHOQOL-BREF scale was 60.47 with ± 23.07 SD. Monthly income ≤ 500 EB (β = - 12.49, P < 0.001), living alone (β = - 7.11, P = 0.007), adverse drug reaction (β = - 10.86, P < 0.001), comorbidity of anxiety (β = - 12.99, P < 0.001), perceived social stigma (β = - 9.73, P < 0.001) and frequency of seizure once per week (β = - 8.41, P = 0.001) were negatively associated with quality of life of epileptic patients. The mean quality of life of patients living with epilepsy in this study was low. The clinician should early recognize and treat drug side effects, detect and manage comorbidity, and control seizure in order to increase quality of life of epileptic patients. ER  - 
Sex differences in demographic and clinical characteristics of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A retrospective multicenter international study$$$ Purpose: Sex-related differences have been reported in patients with neurological and psychiatric disorders. It is also plausible to assume that there might be differences between females and males with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: In this retrospective study, we investigated patients with PNES, who were admitted to the epilepsy monitoring units at centers in Iran, the, Canada, Brazil, Argentina, and Venezuela. Age, sex, age at seizure onset, seizure semiology, factors potentially predisposing to PNES, and video-electroencephalography recording of all patients were registered routinely. Results: Four hundred and fifty-one patients had PNES-only and were eligible for inclusion; 305 patients (67.6%) were females. We executed a logistic regression analysis, evaluating significant variables in univariate analyses (i.e., age, age at onset, aura, presence of historical sexual or physical abuse, and family dysfunction). The only variables retaining significance were historical sexual abuse (p = 0.005) and presence of aura (p = 0.01); physical abuse was borderline significant (p = 0.05) (all three more prevalent among females). Conclusion: Similarities between females and males outweigh the differences with regard to the demographic and clinical characteristics of PNES. However, females more often report historical sexual (and potentially physical) abuse relative to males. While social, psychological and genetic factors may interact with early lifetime adverse experiences in the inception of PNES, the link is not clear and should be investigated in future studies. ER  - 
Auras in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to investigate the frequency and characteristics of auras in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and to characterize the patients' historical and clinical risk factors that may be associated with such manifestations. Methods: In this retrospective database study, all patients with PNES, who were investigated at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, from 2008 until 2018, were studied. We had the approval by Shiraz University of Medical Sciences Review Board. Results: During the study period, 258 patients were investigated. Auras were associated with multiple variables, including sex ratio, history of head injury, ictal injury, and taking antiepileptic drugs, in univariate analyses. We then performed a logistic regression analysis, assessing these four variables. The model that was generated by the regression analysis was significant (p =.0001) and could predict the possibility of auras in 72% of the patients. Within the model, sex ratio (OR: 0.498; 95% CI: 0.282–0.878; p =.01) and a history of head injury (OR: 0.096; 95% CI: 0.020–0.465; p =.004) retained their significance. Conclusion: Patients with PNES may frequently report auras including some auras which are often seen in patients with focal epilepsies; as a result, they are at great risk of receiving wrong diagnosis and unnecessary treatments. Health care professionals involved in the management of patients with seizures should be aware of this risk and prescribe an antiepileptic drug only after making a definite diagnosis of epilepsy in a patient with a paroxysmal event. ER  - 
Obstructive sleep apnea in children with autism$$$ Study Objectives: To describe the demographic and clinical characteristics of children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) referred for polysomnography (PSG) and to look for predictors of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and severe OSA in these children. Methods: This is a retrospective case series of children ages 2 to 18 years who underwent PSG between January 2009 and February 2015. Children were excluded if they had major comorbidities, prior tonsillectomy, or missing data. The following information was collected: age, sex, race, height, weight, tonsil size, and prior diagnosis of allergies, asthma, gastroesophageal reflux disease, seizure disorder, developmental delay, cerebral palsy, or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Predictors of OSA were evaluated. Results: A total of 45 children were included with a mean (standard deviation [SD]) age of 6.1 years (2.8). The patients were 80% male, 49% Hispanic, 27% African American, 22% Caucasian, and 2.2% other. Of these children 26 (58%) had OSA (apnea-hypopnea index [AHI] > 1 event/h) and 15 (33%) were obese (body mass index, body mass index z-score ≥ 95th percentile). The mean (SD) AHI was 7.7 (15.0) events/h (range 1.0–76.6). A total of 9 (20%) had severe OSA (AHI ≥ 10 events/h). There were no demographic or clinical predictors of OSA in this group. However, increasing weight served as a predictor of severe OSA and African American or Hispanic children were more likely obese. Conclusions: The absence of demographic or clinical predictors of OSA supports using general indications for PSG in children with ASD. ER  - 
From fatal diagnosis of SSPE to treatable cause of autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Introduction: SSPE is a fatal slow virus disease which requires clinic-radiological, electrophysiological and biochemical correlation for diagnosis. Autoimmune encephalitis is a group of treatable immune mediated noninfective encephalitic disorders with spectrum of presentation. They share clinical, radiological, and immunological features with a spectrum of disorders including SSPE and diagnosis depends on careful integration of clinical, and laboratory features. Aims and objectives: To present details of a case series where significant elevation of measles antibody titres were found in patients who did not have other evidence of SSPE. Methods: Retrospective review of cases with anti measles antibody positivity during 5 yr period. (2012–2016). Raised IgG > 1:25 antimeasles antibody titer was considered as positive. Discussion: CSF Anti-measles antibody can become elevated in situations other than SSPE probably due to damage to blood-brain barrier. It can be a nonspecific epiphenomena in autoimmune disorders. Intrathecal synthesis may occur postulating an active immunogenic role for the measles virus in autoimmune disorders older age group, longer duration from onset to peak, significant psychosis, generalized seizures in addition to myoclonus, presence of bladder, bowel involvement, nonspecific changes in the EEG, and normal SEP are negative predictors of SSPE even when the antibody titers against measles antigen are high in the CSF. This should be taken as an indication to look for the possibility of other autoimmune illnesses before the diagnosis of SSPE is confirmed. ER  - 
Occurence of postictal psychiatric manifestations in epileptic patients$$$ Background: Postictal psychiatric symptoms (PPS) are defined by occurrence, one week after a seizure, of depression, anxiety or psychosis besides any other medical condition. Our aims were to asses PPS and to investigate relationships between PPS and the characteristics of the illness. Methods: It is a cross sectional study conducted between January and May 2019 including patients diagnosed with epilepsy, and who consulted within 7 days from a seizure occurrence at the neurology department of Razi hospital. Assessment was performed through the Modified Mini Screen (MMS) identifying patients with mood disorder, anxiety disorder or psychotic symptoms. Results: Fourty five patients were assessed within 7 days from the last seizure. Sex ratio was 1. Mean age was 38.6 years +14. Mean duration of illness was 15.5 years +11.1. About 71% of patients had idiopathic epilepsy. Seizures were generalized in 49% and focal in 51%. Using MMS, 53% of the patients had a global score less than 6 points resulting in a low likelihood of mental disorder, 30% had a moderate likelihood of having mental disorder and 18% had a threshold score over 9 which is a high likelihood of having mental disorder. Identified PPS were mood symptoms (84%), anxiety (71%) and psychosis (24%). PPS was correlated with a positive family history of psychiatric illness and electroencephalographic abnormalities. Conclusion: Our results showed a high prevalence of PPS. The lack of standardized diagnostic tools could explain these disparities. Understanding of extent and nature of PPS could improve management of epileptic patients. ER  - 
The association between duration of video-electroencephalogram (VIDEO-EEG) recording and detecting epileptiform discharges in patients with psychogenic non epileptic seizures (PNES) and epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) coexisted with epilepsy in up to half of the patients, but are distinguished from epileptic seizures by lacking abnormal epileptiform discharges in EEG. The presence of interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs) on EEG is helpful in making the diagnosis of epilepsy in patients with PNES. To study the relationship between duration of video-EEG and detection IED in patients with PNES and epilepsy. Methods: This is a retrospective case series study. Data were extracted from adult patients with confirmed epilepsy admitted to epilepsy monitored unit (EMU) in our hospital from January 2010 to December 2017. Data collected included demographics, duration of epilepsy, number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), length of stay in the EMU and history of psychiatric disorder. Patients found to have PNES only were excluded. Results: 477 patients were admitted to the EMU during the study period and were confirmed to have epilepsy (Table 1). The average EMU stay was 5. 2 days (range; 2–10 days). IEDs were detected in 15 patients (44%). Only 34 patients (7%) were found to have PNES. The likelihood of detecting IEDs increased by 64% for each additional day the patient stayed in the EMU (adjusted OR = 1. 64, 95%CI; 1. 1–5. 5, p-value = 0. 04), adjusted for age, gender, duration of epilepsy, the presence of a psychiatric disease, number of AEDs, and recording ictal changes. Conclusions: IEDs are likely to be recorded in PNES with a longer EMU stay, yet the exact number of days to confirm this observation is unknown.[Figure presented] ER  - 
Prevalence of comorbidities in relapsing-remitting and secondary progressive multiple sclerosis$$$ Background: Comorbidity may have an impact on multiple sclerosis course.The prevalence of comorbidities may vary along with disease duration as the patients get older. Objective: To compare the prevalence of comorbidity between relapsing-remitting(RRMS) and secondary progressive MS (SPMS) patients. Methods: Medical records of a total of 126 MS-patients(with no comorbidities on MS onset) evaluated retrospectively. The group is composed of 94 with RRMS and 32 with SPMS.Mean age was 43.1 ± 12.6 years(18–72 years) and 70.6% was female.Disease duration was 11.4 ± 6.5 years. Results: SPMS patients were older and had higher EDSS scores than RRMS patients.Presence of any comorbidity was similar in both groups(70.2% in RRMS,78.1%in SPMS, p =.495). The most common comorbidity was the psychiatric ones(57 had depression, 4 had bipolar disorder and 10 had anxiety disorder).Other common comorbidites were fatigue(45.2%), headache of any type(31.2%), pain(29.8%),hypothyroidism(11.1%), hypertension(9.5%), hypercholesterolemia(8.7%) and hypertriglyceridemia(7.1%). Other comorbidities(hepatitis, asthma, epilepsy, thalassemia, FMF and malignancy-1breast and 1thyroid-papillary-carcinoma, psoriasis, allergy) were present in less than 5% of patients. Fatigue, depression and pain were more common in SPMS patients, but only fatigue showed a statistical significance(p =.000).Headache was more prevalent in RRMS group.In RRMS group EDSS showed moderate correlation with the presence of depression, pain and fatigue. In both groups the presence of depression showed positive correlations with headache, fatigue and pain and these were more frequent in middle age group.Epilepsy and vascular comorbidities like hypertension, hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia were more frequent in the elderly. Conclusion: Associated comorbidities may have an impact on physical and psychological well-being of patients and may change with age. ER  - 
Incidence of epilepsy and brain toxoplasmosis in hospital Mario Rivas, Honduras$$$ Introduction: The presence of neurological alterations is a frequent manifestation in patients with HIV, especially focal onset epilepsy. The cerebral toxoplasmosis represents the main cause of occupational injury in an immunological patient for HIV related to a CD4 T lymphocyte count less than 100/uL. Methods: A descriptive, cross-sectional study was carried out in which the clinical characteristics associated with cerebral toxoplasmosis were determined, as well as the alterations in the main encephalographic alterations and the findings in neuroimaging studies (cranial tomography or cerebral magnetic resonance). All patients underwent a complete medical history including history of neurological diseases. Results: A total of 26 patients with a diagnosis of HIV-AIDS infection and cerebral toxoplasmosis were evaluated, of which 15 (57.7%) were women. The age of the patients ranged between 23 and 65 years (standard deviation 11,081). The manifestation by which the patients were admitted (main symptom) were altered state of consciousness (2, 7.7%), acute psychotic outbreak (4, 15.3%), headache (1, 3.8%), seizures (10, 38.5 %), focal motor deficit (5, 19.2%), vertigo (1, 3.8%), diarrhea (1, 3.8%), fever (1, 3.8%) and alteration of cranial nerves (1, 3.8%). Differents findings was found in patients: slow-wave, spike-slow wave complex, polymorphic slow wave. Conclusion: Toxoplasmosis is a frequent opportunistic infection in patients with HIV, with epilepsy being one of the main manifestations of this. Neuroimaging studies (brain CT or brain MRI) allow diagnosis. The encephalogram study is frequently associated with alterations in patients with toxoplasmosis. Timely diagnosis is associated with a good prognosis in our patients. ER  - 
Anti VGKC complex antibody associated disorders: A retrospective audit$$$ Introduction: Anti voltage gated potassium channel (VGKC) complex antibody disorders mainly include Limbic encephalitis and neuromyotonia, caused by antibodies directed against VGKC associated proteins i.e., Leucine rich glioma1 (LGI1) and Contactin associated protein-2 (CASPR-2), present on neuronal membranes. Methods: A retrospective audit was undertaken for patients referred for autoimmune encephalitis associated autoantibody testing, from January 2016 to March 2019. Patients seropositive for anti VGKC complex antibodies were included in the study. Relevant clinical information was collected from patients, their relatives and physicians. Results: A total of 755 patients were tested for autoimmune encephalitis associated autoantibodies; 14 (1.9%) patients were seropositive for anti VGKC complex antibodies. Eight patients, 7 males and 1 female with an age range of 14 to 64 years (median age 32.5 years) were included in the study. Five patients were positive for both anti LGI1 and anti CASPR-2 antibodies and 3 only for anti CASPR-2 antibodies. Clinical features included anger (7 patients), sleep disorder (6 patients), cognitive decline (5 patients), history of fall (3 patients), seizures (3 patients), hallucinations (3 patients), impulsive behaviour (3 patients), depression (2 patients), hypotension, hyponatremia, dysphoria, paranoia and altered consciousness (1 patient). Those who were treated shortly after symptom onset with immunosuppressive therapy including steroids, IVIg and plasma exchange completely recovered in contrast to those in whom diagnosis and treatment were delayed. Conclusion: Early diagnosis followed by prompt initiation of immunomodulatory therapy including steroids, IVIg and plasmapheresis is crucial for effective management of these disorders as it leads to complete recovery and prevents residual brain damage. ER  - 
Psychosocial problem of people with epilepsy in Ulaanbaatar of Mongolia$$$ Epilepsy is a common neurological disease, which need to health care and public health service topicality that is a very important for people with epilepsy (PWE). Purpose: To investigate psychosocial problem of the people with epilepsy. Method: 77 patients were included in our study. In order to identify psychosocial problems we used the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) and a ten-item measure of felt stigma for this cross-sectional study. Result: There were 46.8% female, 44.2% were married, 75.3% unemployment. The frequencies of anxiety symptoms in PWE were 31.2% very anxiety, 32.5% anxiety and 36.4% not anxiety, the rates of depressive symptoms in PWE were 18.2% very depressed, 19.5% depressed and 62.3% not depressed, respectively. All of the 62.3% PWE felt stigma. Considering the age, psychological problem, some of the variables of the participants, the age of the people with epilepsy was associated with depression and the stigma scores, negatively. (r= -0.2 p=0.05; r = -0.2 p=0.05). There are relationships between stigma and anxiety, depression, social-interaction of the attitude scores in PWE. (r= 0.5 p= 0.01; r= 0.5 p= 0.01; r=0.4 p= 0.01). Whereas that the correlation statistic did not indicate a relationship between the duration of the epilepsy and anxiety, depression, stigma and social-interaction's scores Conclusion: This reveals that it has positive relationship with social-interaction and attitude. Frequency of epileptic seizures induces the anxiety and depression of the people with epilepsy and thus worsens their stigmatization. ER  - 
Prevalence of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures among patients presenting to a tertiary epilepsy center in Kuwait$$$ Introduction: Neurologists are frequently challenged to identify the nature of episodic neurological symptoms. Among the non-epileptic paroxysmal events, psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) remains one of the most frequent conditions seen in epilepsy centers. This study aimed to estimate the prevalence of PNES among patients presenting to a tertiary epilepsy center in Kuwait. Methods: A retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted using the hospital records of patients admitted to Ibn Sina Hospital Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) over the period from January 2016 to January 2018. Results: A total number of 1043 patients were admitted to the EMU over the assigned study period and underwent either long term EEG monitoring or prolonged 3 hours sleep deprived EEG. 84 out of 1043 patients (8 %) were diagnosed with PNES by induction of their typical habitual spell during the EEG. 27 (32%) were males and 57 (68%) were females. At presentation, 47 out of the 84 patients (56%) were on 1, 2 or 3 anti-epileptic drugs (AEDS) and ended up stopping their AEDs after the diagnosis. 4 out of the 84 patients (4.7%) had urinary incontinence and 9 patients (10.7 %) reported history of tongue biting. No history of RTA, Burns or fractures was reported among the PNES cases. Conclusion: It is important to consider PNES when evaluating patients with episodic neurological symptoms. As a delay in the diagnosis will not only utilize greater health care resources unnecessarily, but it will also delay the appropriate psychological treatment which has been associated with worse outcomes. ER  - 
Prevalence of obsessional-compulsive symptoms in different types of refractory focal epilepsy$$$ Introduction: The development of obsessional-compulsive symptoms is remarkable in patients with different types of refractory focal epilepsy. This study aimed to evaluate the prevalence of obsessive-compulsive disorder in different types of refractory focal epilepsy. Materials and methods: In this cross-sectional study, 150 patients with refractory focal epilepsy were evaluated. Using the Persian version of the Maudsley Obsessional-Compulsive Inventory (MOCI), we assessed obsessional-compulsive complaints of the patients. Scores were evaluated according to the type of epilepsy. Results: Of 150 participants, 46% had temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE), 22.66% had frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE), 16.66% had parietal lobe epilepsy (PLE), 6.66% had occipital lobe epilepsy (OLE), and 8% had multifocal epilepsy. Patients with the TLE demonstrated the highest scores in all subgroups of the MOCI and had the highest total MOCI scores (Mean ± SD = 18.52 ± 8.34). Patients with PLE had the lowest scores in checking and cleaning subscale, and patients with OLE had the lowest scores in slowness and doubting subscales. Also, patients with PLE had the lowest MOCI scores (Mean ± SD = 5.36 ± 4.87). Conclusion: Patients who have TLE might display obsessional-compulsive symptoms more frequently in comparison with other types of epilepsy. On the other hand, patients who have PLE might reveal obsessional-compulsive symptoms less frequently than other types of this disorder. [Figure presented] ER  - 
The long term effect of valproic acid in lipid profiles among adult$$$ Valproic acid is one of the most commonly used for the treatment of epilepsy, psychiatric disorders such as bipolar disorders, anxiety and prophylaxis migraine. Long-term use of valproic acid is related to metabolic disorders such as the increase of body weight and might be changes of lipid profiles which are contributed to cardiovascular events, however, these effects have not been fully determined. This study determines the effect of long term use valproic acid in triglyceride, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol levels among adult. Methods: An analytic observational study with the cross-sectional study design in sixty subjects (n = 31, with treatment duration less than 1 year, and n = 19, with treatment duration 1 year or more) who met the inclusion and exclusion criteria. The triglyceride, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol levels were examined. The statistical difference of triglyceride, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol levels from both groups was obtained from the analysis using the two-independent t-test. Results: The most of demographic and clinical characteristics of subjects are similar in two groups, and there are no significant differences in triglyceride (p = 0,893), total cholesterol (p = 0,105), HDL cholesterol (p = 0,750), and LDL cholesterol (p = 0,200) levels on both groups. Conclusion: There is no significant effect of valproic acid treatment for 1 year or more on triglyceride, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol levels in adult. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and etiology of corpus callosum abnormalities: A single centre experience in Saudi Arabia$$$ Background: Corpus callosum abnormalities (CCA) is among the most common brain malformations observed in humans. It can be isolated or included in a complex alteration of brain morphology. Objective: To determine the causes, clinical and radiological profiles of corpus callosum abnormalities (CCA) in children presenting with neuropsychiatric disorder. Method: This is a retrospective chart review study of all children with CCA presented to a tertiary university center in Saudi Arabia from January 2006 to December 2010. Results: Sixty-two patients with CCA were identified. Twenty-seven with perinatal injury were excluded. The remaining 35 patients were 19 females and 16 males patients with CCA.Patients age ranged between 2 and 16 years. They were classified into: Group A, Complete agenesis of corpus callosum (ACC), 20(57.2%); Group B, Partial ACC,6(17.2%); Group C, Hypoplastic CC 9 (25.7%). Consanguineous marriage was noted in 13 patients, and out of those 5 had evidence of familial ACC where two sibs were affected in the same family. Sixteen (45.7%) patients had microcephaly. Thirteen(37.1%) were dysmorphic,17(48.6%) had coexisting epilepsy. Nineteen (54.3%)had a cerebral palsy variant. Investigations revealed an etiology in12 (34.3%):3 chromosomal abnormality, 3metabolic disorders,and 6 genetic syndromes. Associated CNS abnormalities were found in16 patients with cerebral dysgenesis. Such abnormalities were more common in the complete (ACC) group.associated extracranial abnormalities;include 8 cardiac, and 9 ophthalmological abnormalities. Prognosis varied between mild developmental delay in 9 (25.7%),and moderate -severe developmental delay in 26(74.3%),in addition to comorbid conditions as ADHD, and autism in1,2 patients,respectively. In conclusion, the etiology of CCA in this cohort was mainly part of developmental brain dysgenesis,or secondary to genetic /metabolic causes. ER  - 
Development of a multidisciplinary clinic of neurofibromatosis type 1 and other neurocutaneous disorders in Greece. A 3-year experience$$$ Given the complexity of neurocutaneous syndromes, a multidisciplinary approach has been advocated in order to provide optimum care. Subjects and Methods: Retrospective analysis of a cohort of 157 patients during a 3-year period, seen at a newly developed neurocutaneous clinic in a pediatric tertiary care hospital in Athens (Greece); and systematic chart review of the patients diagnosed with neurofibromatosis type 1 during this time period. Results: The most frequent neurocutaneous syndromes were neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) in 89 patients and tuberous sclerosis complex in 17. In 20.38% of patients a neurocutaneous syndrome was not confirmed. Approximately 2/3 of the NF1 patients underwent genetic analysis, and for 76.67% of them, a pathogenic mutation on the NF1 gene was revealed. Eighty-one patients manifested with generalized NF1 and eight with mosaic NF1. Dermatological manifestations included café-au-lait macules in all patients, followed by axillary and/or inguinal freckling (n = 57), external plexiform neurofibromas (n = 17), and cutaneous and subcutaneous neurofibromas (n = 11). Approximately half of patients had learning disabilities and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, followed by mental retardation (n = 9), autistic spectrum disorders (n = 4), headaches (n = 3) and seizures (n = 2). Neuroimaging showed characteristic areas of hyperintensity on T2-weighted images in 74.07% of patients and optic pathway glioma in 19.75%. Two patients developed malignant peripheral sheath nerve tumor. Conclusions: Neurocutaneous syndromes are clinically heterogeneous and the surveillance of potential clinical complications is challenging. The availability of genetic diagnosis and novel imaging methods in this group of disorders is likely to further expand their clinical spectrum. Guidelines for assessment and management will need to be modified based on new available data. ER  - 
Kratom exposures reported to United States poison control centers: 2011–2017$$$ Context: Kratom, or Mitragyna speciosa, is a plant indigenous to Southeast Asia that has gained national attention in the United States for its increased use in the self-management of opioid withdrawal and pain, as well as for concerns about its safety. Methods: This study analyzes exposures to kratom reported to poison control centers (PCCs) in the United States during 2011–2017 from the National Poison Data System (NPDS). Discussion: From 2011 through 2017, 1807 kratom exposures were reported to United States PCCs. Almost two-thirds (65.0%) of these exposures occurred during 2016–2017. Most exposures occurred among adults ≥20 years (88.9%), males (70.8%), at a residence (86.1%), and were intentional (74.3%). Among first-ranked kratom exposures, 31.8% resulted in admission to a health care facility (HCF) and 51.9% in a serious medical outcome. Multiple-substance exposures were associated with greater odds of admission to a HCF (OR: 2.80; 95% CI: 2.21–3.55) and a serious medical outcome (OR: 2.25; 95% CI: 1.77–2.85) compared with single-substance exposures. There were 11 deaths associated with kratom exposure, including two that occurred after exposure to kratom only. Among kratom-only exposures, 86.1% resulted in one or more clinical effects. The most common clinical effects were agitation/irritability (22.9%) and tachycardia (21.4%). There were seven neonatal exposures, including five experiencing withdrawal. Conclusions: Kratom is associated with a variety of serious medical outcomes, especially when used with other substances. More research is needed to define the human response to kratom. Increased regulation of kratom products would help guarantee product quality and safety. Individuals who choose to use kratom should be educated about its potential risks, including the dangers of using it in combination with other substances. ER  - 
The real-world economic impact of home-based video electroencephalography: the payer perspective$$$ Aims: Electroencephalography (EEG) is an established method to evaluate and manage epilepsy; video EEG (VEEG) has significantly improved its diagnostic value. This study compared healthcare costs and diagnostic-related outcomes associated with outpatient vs inpatient VEEG among patients with epilepsy in the US. Materials and methods: This study used Truven MarketScan Commercial and Medicare Supplemental claims databases. Patients with a VEEG between July 1, 2013 and December 31, 2016 were identified. Index event was the first VEEG claim, which was used to determine inpatient and outpatient cohorts. Continuous health plan enrollment 6 months pre- and 12 months post-index VEEG was required. Primary outcomes were costs during the index event and 12 months post index. A generalized linear model with gamma distribution and a log link was used to estimate adjusted index and post-index costs. Results: Controlling for baseline differences, epilepsy-related cost of index VEEG was significantly lower for the outpatient ($4,098) vs the inpatient cohort ($13,821; p < 0.0001). The cost differences observed at index were maintained in the post-index period. The 12-month post-index epilepsy-related costs were lower in the outpatient cohort ($6,114 vs $12,733, p < 0.0001). Time from physician referral to index VEEG was significantly shorter in the outpatient cohort (30.6 vs 42.5 days). Patients in the inpatient cohort were also more likely to undergo an additional subsequent follow-up inpatient VEEG (p < 0.0001). Limitations: Administrative claims data have limitations, including lack of data on clinical presentation, disease severity, and comprehensive health plan information. Generalizability may be limited to a US insured population of patients who met study criteria. Conclusions: Index VEEG was less costly in an outpatient vs inpatient cohort, and costs were lower during the follow-up period of 12 months, suggesting that outpatient VEEG can be provided to appropriate patients as a less costly option. There were fewer follow-up tests in the outpatient cohort with similar pre- and post-index diagnoses. ER  - 
Pregabalin abuse among patients with opioid use disorders may increase the severity of withdrawal symptoms: a single-center, case-control study$$$ OBJECTIVE: Opioid addiction is a disease that is increasing in our country, Turkey, and around the world, which it is difficult to treat in medical, social, and economic terms. Pregabalin is a preparation used for the treatment of epilepsy, neuropathic pain, and anxiety disorders. In opioid users, pregabalin is increasingly being self-administered off-label due to its euphoria effect at high doses. We investigated the effects of pregabalin on addiction profile and opioid withdrawal severity by comparing patients with opioid addiction who were and were not using off-label pregabalin. METHODS: Between July and August 2016, a total of 120 patients (60 patients were pregabalin users and 60 patients were non-users) who presented to Ankara Numune Training and Research Hospital Psychiatry Clinic Alcohol and Substance Addiction Treatment Center and were diagnosed with opioid use disorder according to the DSM-5, were included in the study. Patients who were using other substances were excluded from the study. A sociodemographic data form, the Clinical Opiate Withdrawal Scale, and Addiction Profile Index (API) were applied to the patients. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference between pregabalin users and pregabalin non-users in terms of age, sex, age of onset, working status, and whether previous treatment had been received. In the pregabalin user group, the severity of opioid withdrawal, API substance use characteristics, diagnosis, effects on life, craving, motivation subscale scores, and API total score were found to be significantly higher than in the non-user group. CONCLUSION: Off-label pregabalin use among patients with opioid addiction is becoming more common. Off-label, high-dose pregabalin use may worsen existing opioid addiction, create a new area of ⁣⁣addiction, and an illegal market. Highlights We aimed to investigate the effects of pregabalin on addiction profile and opioid withdrawal severity by comparing patients with opioid addiction who were and were not using off-label pregabalin. In the pregabalin user group, the severity of opioid withdrawal, and API total score were found to be significantly higher than in the non-user group. The use of off-label, high-dose pregabalin may worsen existing opioid addiction. ER  - 
Peripheral and central auditory function in adults with epilepsy and treated with carbamazepine$$$ Purpose of the study: Epilepsy is a chronic medical disease in one third of patients. Chronic epilepsy and its antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) therapy are commonly associated with comorbid adverse somatic conditions. This study aimed to evaluate auditory function in patients with idiopathic epilepsy and on treatment with carbamazepine (CBZ). Methods: This is a cross-sectional case-control study. It included 50 patients with idiopathic epilepsy (mean age = 34.56 ± 7.11 and duration of illness = 17.84 ± 7.21years) and 40 healthy subjects. Hearing was evaluated using pure tone audiometry and brainstem auditory evoked potentials (BAEPs) analyses. Results: Mild bilateral hearing impairment and abnormal acoustic reflex (but normal tympanometry) were reported in more than one third of patients. Compared to controls, BAEPs of patients had prolonged waves I, III, V latencies and I–III, III–V and I–V interpeak latencies (IPLs) particularly at high repetition frequencies. Significant correlations were identified between CBZ dose, serum level and duration of treatment with waves I, III and V and I–III, III–V and I–V latencies at high repetition frequencies. Conclusions: Long-term treatment with CBZ may result in delayed auditory conduction within the peripheral pathways and brainstem. This should be taken into account during drug selection and monitoring of patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Preface - Practical and theoretical considerations for performing a multi-center preclinical biomarker discovery study of post-traumatic epileptogenesis: lessons learned from the EpiBioS4Rx consortium$$$ The Epilepsy Bioinformatics Study for Antiepileptogenic Therapy (EpiBioS4Rx) is a NINDS funded Center-Without-Walls international study aimed at preventing epileptogenesis after traumatic brain injury (TBI). One objective of EpiBioS4Rx relates to preclinical biomarker discovery for post-traumatic epilepsy. In order to perform a statistically appropriately powered biomarker discovery study, EpiBioS4Rx has made a rigorous attempt to harmonize the preclinical procedures performed at the three EpiBioS4Rx centers, located in Finland, Australia, and the USA. Moreover, we have also performed a rigorous interim analysis of the success of procedural harmonization, which is reported in this virtual special issue. The analysis included harmonization of the production of animal model, blood sampling, electroencephalogram analyses (seizures, high-frequency oscillations) and magnetic resonance imaging analysis. Based on lessons learned, we propose a 3-stage protocol to facilitate the success of preclinical multicenter studies: preparation ⇨ testing ⇨ multicenter study. The need of funding for preparation and testing phases, which precede the actual multicenter study and are necessary for its success, should be taken into account in the design of funding schemes ER  - 
Neurologists’ experiences of participating in the CODES study—A multicentre randomised controlled trial comparing cognitive behavioural therapy vs standardised medical care for dissociative seizures$$$ Purpose: We investigated neurologists’ experience of participating in the large CODES trial involving around 900 adults with dissociative seizures which subsequently evaluated the effectiveness of tailored cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)plus standardised medical care versus standardised medical care alone in 368 patients with dissociative seizures. Method: We asked all neurologists referring patients with dissociative seizures to the CODES study to complete a 43-item online survey. This examined neurologists’ (i)demographics, (ii)knowledge of dissociative seizures before and after their involvement in the CODES trial, (iii)clinical practice before, during and since their involvement, and (iv)their experience of the CODES trial. Results: Forty-three (51%)neurologists completed the questionnaire. Only about half of neurologists could make referrals to psychological intervention specific for dissociative seizures before and after the trial. One-third of doctors reported having changed their referral practice following their involvement. The majority (>69%)agreed that patient satisfaction with different aspects of the trial was very high, and 83.7% thought that it was easy to recruit patients for the study. Over 90% agreed they would like the treatment pathway to continue. Respondents found different elements of the trial useful, in particular, the patient factsheet booklet (98%), diagnosis communication advice (93%)and the CBT package (93%). Conclusions: Neurologists participating in CODES generally found it easy to recruit patients and perceived patient satisfaction as very high. However, 46.5% of neurologists could not offer psychotherapy once the trial had finished, suggesting that problems with lack of access to psychological treatment for dissociative seizures persist. ER  - 
Pediatric-onset psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A retrospective international multicenter study$$$ Purpose: We compared various clinical characteristics of pediatric-onset psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) between patients from five countries. The purpose of this study was to advance our understanding of pediatric-onset PNES cross-culturally. Methods: In this retrospective study, we compared consecutive patients with PNES with an age at onset of 16 years and younger from epilepsy monitoring units in Iran, Brazil, the USA, Canada, and Venezuela. Age, gender, age at seizure onset, seizure semiology, predisposing factors, and video-EEG recordings of all patients were extracted. Pearson Chi-Square, one-way ANOVA and Bonferroni correction tests were used for statistical analyses. Results: Two hundred twenty-nine patients were studied (83 from Iran, 50 from Brazil, 39 from Canada, 30 from the USA, and 27 from Venezuela). Mean age at the onset of seizures was 12.1 ± 3.2 years (range: 4–16 years). The sex ratio of the patients was 1.83: 1 (148 females and 81 males). Clinical characteristics of pediatric-onset PNES showed some significant differences among the nations. However, factors associated with pediatric-onset PNES in these five nations were similar. Conclusion: This study underscores how international cross-cultural studies can make important contributions to our understanding of PNES. Patients with pediatric-onset PNES from different countries were similar on many risk factors associated with PNES. This suggests universality in many features of PNES. However, intriguing differences were also noted with regard to seizure semiology, which might be the result of cultural factors. ER  - 
Chronic medical conditions and metabolic syndrome as risk factors for incidence of major depressive disorder: A longitudinal study based on 4.7 million adults in South Korea$$$ Background: The assessment of comorbid physical illness and metabolic or cardiovascular risk factors as potential risk factors for onset of major depressive disorder (MDD) is crucial. We aimed to investigate potential risk factors for the development of MDD among individuals with chronic medical conditions and metabolic and behavioral risk factors using a large population-based retrospective cohort from the data of the National Health Insurance Service (NHIS) in South Korea. Methods: The population-based retrospective cohort included data from 2,370,815 adults (age ≥20 years) diagnosed with MDD between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2016 and age- and gender-matched 2,370,815 healthy controls obtained from the claims data of the NHIS. The data of the regular health checkup provided by the NHIS were also included (age ≥40 years). Logistic regression analyses were performed to investigate the potential risk factors for the incidence of MDD. Results: Chronic medical conditions such as Parkinson's disease (odds ratio [OR] = 7.808, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 7.517–8.11), epilepsy (OR = 6.119, 95% CI = 6.019–6.22), multiple sclerosis (OR = 5.532, 95% CI = 4.976–6.151), Huntington's disease (OR = 5.387, 95% CI = 3.258–8.909), migraine (OR = 4.374, 95% CI = 4.341–4.408), stroke (OR = 4.074, 95% CI = 4.032–4.117), and cancer; metabolic syndrome (OR = 1.049, 95% CI = 1.041–1.057) and several of its components including central obesity, elevated fasting blood glucose and triglyceride levels, and reduced high-density lipoprotein level; and cigarette smoking, frequent alcohol consumption, and low physical activity are potential risk factors for the development of MDD. Conclusion: Our results may support previous evidence on the association between physical conditions and the incidence of MDD as reported by individual population-based studies with modest sample sizes. ER  - 
Cortical thinning in benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS) with or without attention-deficit/hyperactivity (ADHD)$$$ The aim of this study is to evaluate the abnormal cortical structures associated with newly diagnosed benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS) patients and assessed the effects of comorbid attention-deficit/hyperactivity (ADHD) on these abnormalities. Newly diagnosed BECTS patients (n = 33, 23 males) and age-matched healthy controls (n = 48) were evaluated by surface and volumetric MRI. CAT12 toolbox (HYPERLINK “http://www.neuro.uni-jena.de/cat/”\t“_blank” http://www.neuro.uni-jena.de/cat/, version r1109), SPM12(HYPERLINK“http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/software/spm12/”\t“_blank”http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/software/spm12/, version 6225) and MATLAB (9.5, Mathworks, Natick, MA) were used to gather CT estimates. An additional comparison was performed between BECTS children with (n = 13) and without ADHD (n = 20). BECTS patients had significantly smaller volume in left postcentral gyrus when compared to healthy controls. BECTS patients with ADHD had significantly thinner superior-inferior frontal cortex, superior temporal cortex, left pericalcarine, lingual and fusiform cortex to healthy controls. Also BECTS without ADHD patients had thinner cortical areas when compared to healthy controls, however the significance was more relevant in the BECTS with ADHD. The left fusiform cortex of BECTS patients with ADHD patients was significantly thinner than BECTS patients without ADHD. Our results showed that BECTS affects frontal, temporal, parietal and occipital lobes by cortical thinning. Our study supports the need for better characterization of patients with BECTS so identification of different phenotypes can occur. Further studies are needed to investigate the relationship between BECTS and ADHD. ER  - 
Burden in caregivers of adults with epilepsy in Asian families$$$ Purpose: The literature on caregiver burden tends to focus on children and teenagers with epilepsy and less on adults. As caregiving is a dynamic, complex process across the trajectories, this study aims to examine the factors associated with caregiving burden in those caring for adults with epilepsy. Method: This is a cross-sectional, survey-based study in which participants responded to questionnairesregarding perceived burden (ZBI), quality of life (IEQoL), psychological distress (DASS-21), family functioning (FAD) and perceived social support (MSPSS). Additional measures include socio-demographics and clinical characteristics of the care-recipient. Results: A total of 111 caregivers participated, of whom 72.1% were females, 55% parents, 59.5% Chinese, 51.4% unemployed and 46.0% with tertiary education.Approximately half (42.3%) reported mild-to-moderate levels of burden (mean ZBI score 29.93, SD 16.09).Furthermore, multiple regression analysisidentified10 predictors of caregiver burden, namely family functioning, weekly caregiving hours, number of caregivers per family, attitude towards epilepsy, family support, caregivers’ gender, personal income and as well as care-recipients’ age of onset, seizure frequency and ADL dependency (F(10, 85) = 11.37, p < 0.001). Stepwise regression highlighted family functioning as the main predictor (β = 0.299, p < 0.001). The total ZBI score was positively correlated with caregivers’ reported levels of depression (r = 0.549, p < 0.001), anxiety (r = 0.599, p < 0.001) and stress (r = 0.576, p < 0.001) subscales in DASS-21, and negatively correlated with IEQoL (r=-0.637, p < 0.001). Conclusion: This study shows that caregivers’ burden is highly associated with the family system (family functioning, support and number of caregivers), besides demographics, psychosocial and clinical characteristics. Future research is required to learn how to support this sub-group of caregivers within the family system. ER  - 
A Trial of Sertraline or Cognitive Behavior Therapy for Depression in Epilepsy$$$ Objective: Limited evidence is available to guide treatment of depression for persons with epilepsy. We evaluated the comparative effectiveness of sertraline and cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) for depression, quality of life, seizures, and adverse treatment effects. Methods: We randomly assigned 140 adult outpatients with epilepsy and current major depressive disorder to sertraline or weekly CBT for 16 weeks. The primary outcome was remission from depression based on the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI). Secondary outcomes included the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-89 (QOLIE-89) seizure rates, the Adverse Events Profile (AEP), the Beck Depression Inventory, and MINI Suicide Risk Module. Results: In the intention-to-treat analysis, 38 (52.8%; 95% confidence interval [CI] = ±12) of the 72 subjects assigned to sertraline and 41 (60.3%; 95% CI = ±11.6) of the 68 subjects in the CBT group achieved remission; the lower bound of efficacy for both groups was greater than our historical placebo control group upper bound of 33.7%. Difference in time to remission between groups was 2.8 days (95% CI = ±0.43; p = 0.79). The percent improvement of mean QOLIE-89 scores was significant for both the CBT (25.7%; p < 0.001) and sertraline (28.3%; p < 0.001) groups. The difference in occurrence of generalized tonic–clonic seizures between groups was 0.3% (95% CI = ±8.6; p = 0.95). Suicide risk at final assessment was associated with persistent depression (p < 0.0001) but not seizures or sertraline. Interpretation: Depression remitted in just over one-half of subjects following sertraline or CBT. Despite the complex psychosocial disability associated with epilepsy, improving depression benefits quality of life. Serotonin reuptake inhibition does not appear to increase seizures or suicidality in persons with epilepsy. ANN NEUROL 2019;86:552–560. ER  - 
Depression in patients receiving pharmacotherapy for epilepsy: An audit in a tertiary care centre$$$ Background: The association of depression and epilepsy is thought to be bidirectional. The present study aimed to evaluate the prevalence of depression in patients on antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and factors affecting it. Methods: In this preliminary cross sectional study, patients at epilepsy clinic of a tertiary care centre were studied for occurrence of depression, using Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS-D) and Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-2) scales. Correlation analysis was carried out to determine the factors associated with presence of depression in these patients. Results: A total of 12 AEDs (maximum 5 per patient including older and newer) were prescribed to 933 patients in different treatment regimens over a period of 3 years. The median age of the patients was 22 years (10–77) and among them 63.5% were men. Mild and clinically relevant depression occurred in 279 (29.9%) and 223 (23.9%) patients, respectively. Mean HADS-D and PHQ-2 score was significantly higher with polytherapy as compared to monotherapy (p < 0.001). Patients on levetiracetam exhibited significantly higher HADS-D score in comparison to phenytoin (p < 0.001), carbamazepine (p < 0.001) and sodium valproate (p < 0.05). However, there was no significant difference in PHQ score among patients on monotherapy of different AEDs. Multivariate regression analysis suggested correlation between depression and seizure frequency, total number of AEDs and their load (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Depressive symptoms were found to be present in more than half of the patients with epilepsy which require detailed work up for depression. Levetiracetam was found to be associated with a higher incidence of subclinical depression which needs further investigation. ER  - 
Low-dose perampanel improves refractory cortical myoclonus by the dispersed and suppressed paroxysmal depolarization shifts in the sensorimotor cortex$$$ Objective: To elucidate the effects of perampanel (PER) on refractory cortical myoclonus for dose, etiology and somatosensory-evoked potential (SEP) findings. Methods: We examined 18 epilepsy patients with seizure and cortical myoclonus. Based on data accumulated before and after PER treatment, correlations among clinical scores in myoclonus and activities of daily life (ADL); early cortical components of SEP; and PER blood concentration, were analyzed. Results: PER (mean dose: 3.2 ± 2.1 mg/day) significantly improved seizures, myoclonus and ADL and significantly decreased the amplitude of and prolonged latency of giant SEP components. The degree of P25 and N33 prolongations (23.8 ± 1.6 to 24.7 ± 1.7 ms and 32.1 ± 4.0 to 33.7 ± 3.4 ms) were significantly correlated with improved ADL score (p = 0.019 and p = 0.025) and blood PER concentration (p = 0.011 and p = 0.025), respectively. Conclusions: Low-dose PER markedly improved myoclonus and ADL in patients with refractory cortical myoclonus. Our results suggest that SEP, particularly P25 latency, can be used as a potential biomarker for assessing the objective effects of PER on intractable cortical myoclonus. Significance: In this study, PER lessened the degree of synchronized discharges in the postsynaptic neurons in the primary motor cortex. ER  - 
Anxiety disorders in predominantly African American and Caribbean American adults with intractable epilepsy: The role of perceived epilepsy stigma$$$ Introduction: Anxiety disproportionately affects people with epilepsy (PWE) and leads to poor outcomes. Yet, risk factors are not well understood especially among underserved groups. This cross-sectional study aimed to identify epilepsy-specific predictors of anxiety disorders in predominantly African American and Caribbean American PWE. Materials and methods: The prevalence of anxiety disorders was established via diagnostic interview (Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI)). We identified the extent to which aspects of seizure burden (seizure frequency, seizure severity, convulsive vs. nonconvulsive seizures), seizure worry, and perceived epilepsy stigma were associated with anxiety disorder diagnosis. Finally, logistic regression assessed the overall and independent contributions of significant risk factors. Results: There were 60 participants (62% women, 52% African American, 27% Caribbean American, 20% Hispanic/Latino) with an average of 2 seizures per month. Nearly half of the sample (43%) had ≥ 1 anxiety disorder, with 62% of affected individuals qualifying for agoraphobia. Those with anxiety disorders tended to have convulsive seizures (p = 0.037) and endorsed greater seizure worry (p = 0.012), more general symptoms of anxiety (p = 0.005), and worse perceived epilepsy stigma (p = 0.003). Logistic regression accounted for 28% to 37.6% of the variance in anxiety disorder diagnostic status and correctly classified 73% of cases; however, only perceived epilepsy stigma made a unique contribution. Conclusions: Anxiety disorders were prevalent in these predominantly African American and Caribbean American PWE. Epilepsy-specific risk factors included convulsive seizures, seizure worry, and perceived epilepsy stigma. Interventions aimed at treating anxiety disorders in diverse PWE may especially benefit from targeting stigma beliefs. ER  - 
Fatigue and its Related Factors in Patients with Epilepsy and Psychogenic Non-epileptic Seizure: a Cross-Sectional Study$$$ The aim of the present study was to investigate the prevalence of fatigue and its related factors in patients with epilepsy and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. From January 2017 to January 2018, a descriptive cross-sectional research study was conducted among adult (aged over 18) patients with epilepsy in the neurology clinic of a university-affiliated hospital in Tehran, Iran. The Fatigue Severity Scale was used to determine the prevalence of fatigue, and the relationships between fatigue, demographic characteristics, and clinical properties were evaluated. During the study period, 100 patients were included, comprising 70 (70%) patients diagnosed with epileptic seizures and 30 (30%) with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. Fatigue affected 24 patients (34%) out of 70 individuals with epileptic seizures and six patients (20%) out of 30 patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. There was no statistically significant relationship between the incidence of fatigue and age, gender, level of education, occupation, age at the onset of the seizures, duration of the disease, and time since the last seizure. However, fatigue was significantly correlated with the demographic variable of being unmarried (p = 0.007). Furthermore, there was a significant relationship between fatigue and taking carbamazepine and levetiracetam (p = 0.001). Our study revealed that fatigue was a prevalent problem (30%) in patients with epilepsy and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. Moreover, fatigue was correlated with marital status and the consumption of carbamazepine and levetiracetam. ER  - 
Naming decline after epilepsy surgery is associated with subjective language complaints$$$ Objective: This retrospective, observational study investigated the relationship between objective naming decline and patient report of subjective decline in language functioning following epilepsy surgery. The role of depression in this relationship was also examined. Methods: A total of 429 adults with pharmacoresistant epilepsy completed the Boston Naming Test (BNT) and Memory Assessment Clinics Self-Rating Scale (MAC-S) before and after resective surgery. Multiple regression analyses were used to examine the relationship between objective naming decline and subjective language functioning, while controlling for the confounding effect of depression. Results: Individuals who experienced moderate to severe naming decline (≥ 11 raw points on BNT) following surgery reported a decline in subjective language functioning (p < .001) and endorsed problems with word-retrieval as well as more general semantic abilities. Those who experienced mild naming decline (5–10 raw points) also reported an increase in subjective language problems (p = .006). Complaints in this group were less severe than in those with more marked naming declines and were primarily related to word-retrieval. Both of these relationships remained significant after controlling for the confounding effect of depression (p < .005–.014). Conclusions: Individuals with epilepsy who experience naming decline following surgery perceive these declines in their daily life, regardless of whether or not they are depressed. Findings support the utilization of risk models to predict naming outcome and the importance of counseling patients regarding the risk for naming decline following surgery. ER  - 
The value of serum uric acid levels to differentiate causes of transient loss of consciousness$$$ Background: Generalized tonic–clonic seizures (GTCS), syncope, and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are common emergent neurological conditions that cause transient disturbances of consciousness; however, it is sometimes difficult to distinguish them. Objective: This study aimed to explore the value of serum uric acid levels in differentiating among GTCS, syncope, and PNES by analyzing serum uric acid levels in patients with GTCS, syncope, and PNES. Methods: A total of 391 patients were retrospectively analyzed. Venous blood was drawn from the patients within 20 min of their arrival to the emergency department; serum uric acid levels were measured using the uricase method. Results: Serum uric acid levels and the percentage of patients with elevated uric acid (elevation percentage) were significantly higher in the group with GTCS (n = 179) than in the groups with syncope (n = 156) (p < 0.001) and PNES (n = 56) (p < 0.001). The result remained the same when the serum uric acid level of male or female patients in the group with GTCS were compared separately with that in the other two groups (all p < 0.001). In the group with GTCS, both the serum uric acid level (p < 0.001) and elevation percentage (p < 0.05) were significantly higher in males than in females. The receiver operating characteristics (ROC) analysis in male patients yielded a serum uric acid value of 428.50 μmol/L with a sensitivity of 0.78 and a specificity of 0.99 as the optimal cutoff value to distinguish GTCS from other events. In female patients, a cutoff value of 338.00 μmol/L had a sensitivity of 0.69 and a specificity of 0.91 to distinguish GTCS from other events. For the group with GTCS, the period of time between the onset of seizure and serum uric acid levels dropping to normal were analyzed in 40 patients. The duration was 44.56 ± 11.46 h for males (n = 23) and 40.37 ± 9.78 h for females (n = 17) with no significant difference (p = 0.325). Conclusion: Serum uric acid levels provided certain clinical value for the differentiation of GTCS, syncope, and PNES; however, this requires verification in prospective studies with larger sample sizes. ER  - 
Clinical and radiographic characteristics of neuro-behçet’s disease in South Korea$$$ Background and Purpose Neurological involvement in Behçet’s disease [neuro-Behçet’s disease (NBD)] is uncommon, but it is worth investigating since it can cause substantial disability. However, difficulties exist in understanding the clinical features of NBD due to regional variations and the lack of studies utilizing well-established diagnostic criteria. We therefore analyzed the clinical features of patients with NBD based on the recent international consensus recommendation. Methods We retrospectively searched electronic databases for patients with Behçet’s disease (BD) between 2000 and 2017, and reviewed their medical records. Based on the recent international consensus recommendation, patients with definite or probable NBD were included. Results Of 9,817 patients with the diagnosis code for BD, 1,682 (17.1%) visited the neurology clinic and 110 (1.1%) were classified as NBD. Ninety-eight patients exhibited parenchymal NBD and 12 exhibited nonparenchymal NBD. Their age at the onset of NBD was 37.6±10.6 years and the male-to-female ratio was 1.24:1. Brainstem syndrome (43.9%) was the most common condition in the 98 patients with parenchymal NBD, followed by multifocal (32.7%) and spinal cord (12.2%) syndromes. 72.4% exhibited acute NBD and 27.6% exhibited a progressive disease course. Frequent manifestations included pyramidal signs (52.0%), headache (45.9%), dysarthria (42.9%), and fever (31.6%). A frequent pattern in brain MRI was an upper brainstem lesion extending to the thalamus and basal ganglia. Conclusions Approximately 1% of the patients with suspected BD exhibited NBD. Neurologists must understand the clinical characteristics of NBD in order to perform the differential diagnosis and management of these patients. ER  - 
Therapeutic plasma exchange in multiple sclerosis and autoimmune encephalitis: A comparative study of indication, efficacy and safety$$$ Therapeutic plasma exchange (TPE) is a well-established method of treatment for steroid-refractory relapses in multiple sclerosis (MS) and neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders (NMOSD). Little is known about indications and clinical responses to TPE in autoimmune encephalitis and other immune-mediated disorders of the central nervous system (CNS). We performed a retrospective chart review of patients with immune-mediated disorders of the CNS undergoing TPE at our tertiary care center between 2003 and 2015. The response to TPE within a 3-to 6-month follow-up was scored with an established rating system. We identified 40 patients including 21 patients with multiple sclerosis (MS, 52.5%), 12 with autoimmune encephalitis (AE, 30%), and 7 with other immune-mediated CNS disorders (17.5%). Among patients with AE, eight patients had definite AE (Immunolobulin G for N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor n = 4, Leucine-rich, glioma inactivated 1 n = 2, Ma 2 n = 1, and Alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic Acid n = 1). Intravenous immunoglobulins had been given prior to TPE in all but one patient with AE, and indications were dominated by acute psychosis and epileptic seizures. While TPE has a distinct place in the treatment sequence of different immune-mediated CNS disorders, we found consistent efficacy and safety. Further research should be directed toward alternative management strategies in non-responders. ER  - 
M2 THE ROLE OF LOW FREQUENCY VARIANTS ON ATTENTION-DEFICIT/HYPERACTIVITY DISORDER AND AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORDERS$$$ Background: Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common childhood-onset neuropsychiatric condition that often persists into adulthood. The adult form of ADHD is associated with high rate of unemployment, incarceration, accidental death and suicide. The biology underlying ADHD as well as its genetic architecture is not fully understood. Several twin studies have estimated ADHD heritability to be 70% – 80%, while the heritability estimated from the common SNPs varies between 10% – 28%. The discrepancy in these estimates is often attributed, among other factors, to rare variants (MAF < 1%) as well as the polygenic nature or phenotypic heterogeneity of the condition. Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) is a developmental disorder characterized by problems in social interaction and restricted or narrow patterns of behavior and interests. It as well is associated with negative circumstances such as epilepsy, often intellectual disability and getting bullied, and commonly exists with other neuropsychiatric diagnoses. Twin study estimations for heritability of ASD vary between 64% – 91%, while the common SNP heritability is mere 12%. This is thought to be because ASD so often coexists with rare monogenic or chromosomal conditions, and because ASD is known to exhibit phenotypic heterogeneity. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 14% of children diagnosed with ADHD also have ASD, and conversely ADHD is also common among children with ASD. Both conditions are several times more common among boys than girls. Furthermore, deleterious rare variants in PLI genes seem to be shared between the two conditions. Indeed, the contemporary view is to see them as interweaved. The genetic correlation between ADHD and ASD has been recently estimated at 29% – 36%. Methods: This study is based on the iPSYCH2012 sample consisting of all the Danes born between 1981 and 2005 and diagnosed with either ADHD, ASD, major depressive disorder, schizophrenia or bipolar disorder (about 57 000 individuals), as well as 30 000 randomly selected individuals. The participants were genotyped using a custom Illumina PsychChip that contains about 90 000 low frequency variants with 0.01% < MAF < 1%. We performed a strict quality control of the genotyped data and excluded variants with low genotyping rate or out of Hardy – Weinberg equilibrium as well as individuals revealing low genotyping quality, high levels of relatedness or heterozygocity or non-European ancestry. Using genotyping waves, 10 principal components and sex as covariates, we performed genome-wide association analyses to assess the contribution of uncommon variants to ADHD and ASD and to the union of ADHD and ASD. The association was also tested using SKAT on the gene level by grouping the rare variants by (1) known genes, (2) their missense status within known genes (with and without MPC scores), (3) their loss of function status within known genes (with and without PLI scores) and (4) known brain expressed genes. We shall compare the genetic factors associated with ADHD to those associated with ASD. Results: We found a variant 2010-08-Y-1189 in the Y chromosome significantly associated with ADHD. We also found that the gene C10orf68 in the chromosome 10 has significantly more missense variation among ADHD cases than controls. The results about ASD and about the union of ADHD and ASD will be finished shortly. Discussion: This study will contribute to the understanding of the disentangled genetics of ADHD and ASD, in the less studied range of low frequency variants. Disclosure: Nothing to disclose. ER  - 
Electric field causes volumetric changes in the human brain$$$ Recent longitudinal neuroimaging studies in patients with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) suggest local effects of electric stimulation (lateralized) occur in tandem with global seizure activity (generalized). We used electric field (EF) modeling in 151 ECT treated patients with depression to determine the regional relationships between EF, unbiased longitudinal volume change, and antidepressant response across 85 brain regions. The majority of regional volumes increased significantly, and volumetric changes correlated with regional electric field (t =3.77, df = 83, r = 0.38, p = 0.0003). After controlling for nuisance variables (age, treatment number, and study site), we identified two regions (left amygdala and left hippocampus) with a strong relationship between EF and volume change (FDR corrected p<0.01). However, neither structural volume changes nor electric field was associated with antidepressant response. In summary, we showed that high electrical fields are strongly associated with robust volume changes in a dose-dependent fashion. ER  - 
A randomized controlled trial comparing guided internet-based multi-component treatment and internet-based guided sleep restriction treatment to care as usual in insomnia$$$ Background: Internet-based cognitive behavioral treatment (iCBT-I) for insomnia comprising different sleep-related cognitive and behavioral interventional components has shown some promise. However, it is not known which components are necessary for a good treatment outcome. Method: People suffering from insomnia (N = 104) without any other comorbid psychiatric disorders were randomized (2:2:1) to two guided internet-based self-help interventions for insomnia [multi-component cognitive behavioral self-help intervention (MCT); sleep restriction intervention for insomnia (SRT)], and care as usual [CAU]. In all three conditions, additional care or treatment was allowed. The primary outcome was insomnia severity measured with the insomnia severity index (ISI) at eight weeks. Furthermore, the two active conditions were compared regarding sleep efficacy from daily diary data over the eight weeks, and other measures from the daily protocols. Secondary outcomes included sleep quality, depressive symptoms, dysfunctional beliefs, and quality of life at post-treatment (eight weeks) and follow-up (six months after randomization). Results: Both conditions were more effective than CAU at post-treatment, with medium to large between-group effect sizes on the primary outcome (ISI; MCT: Cohen's d = −1.15; SRT: d = −0.68) and small to medium between-group effect sizes for secondary outcomes. Treatment gains were maintained at six-month follow-up. Active conditions did not differ from each other on all measures from pre to post, except for dysfunctional beliefs about sleep, and sleep protocol data throughout the intervention. Participants in MCT were significantly more satisfied with the intervention than participants in SRT. Conclusions: Results of the present study indicate that CAU + MCT and CAU + SRT are both effective compared to CAU. There were no statistical differences regarding efficacy between the two active conditions, but participants in MCT reported to be more satisfied with the intervention. ER  - 
Heterogeneous nonataxic phenotypes of spinocerebellar ataxia in a Taiwanese population$$$ Background: Spinocerebellar ataxia (SCA) presents with variable clinical presentations in addition to ataxia. The aim of this study was to reappraise the diverse nonataxic clinical characteristics of the five most common SCA subtypes in the Asian population. Methods: The clinical presentations of 90 patients with genetically confirmed SCA1, SCA2, SCA3, SCA6, or SCA17 were assessed retrospectively between November 2008 and September 2018 at a tertiary referral center in Taiwan. Results: Parkinsonism was the most common nonataxic phenotype (21.1%), with a greater prevalence than Caucasian and other Asian SCA carriers. Patients with parkinsonism feature had fewer CAG repeats in SCA2 (31.0 ± 4.5 vs. 36.9 ± 6.0, p =.03) and SCA3 (65.6 ± 7.9 vs. 70.0 ± 4.2, p =.02) compared to those with pure ataxia presentation. The average age of symptom onset was significantly higher in the parkinsonism group of SCA2 (51.5 ± 8.9 vs. 35.3 ± 12.6 years, p =.007) than those with pure ataxia. Focal or segmental dystonia was identified in 4.4% of SCA patients (n = 2 each SCA2 and SCA3). Nonmotor symptoms, including impaired cognition (6.1% of SCA2 and 8.3% of SCA3 patients) and depression (9.1% of SCA2 and 8.3% of SCA3 patients), were also common nonataxic features in our SCA patients. Conclusions: Parkinsonism, dystonia, and cognitive-psychiatric symptoms are common features in patients with SCA mutations in our population. Our study identifies a different clinical spectrum of SCA1, SCA2, SCA3, SCA6, and SCA17 compared to Caucasians. ER  - 
Prevalence of common psychiatric disorders in Dehloran City, Ilam province, West of Iran during 2013 to 2018$$$ Background. Psychiatric disorders are on the rise today. A general epidemiological study of psychiatric diseases during the lifetime prevalence has not yet been studied in Dehloran city, Ilam province, West of Iran. Objectives. The purpose of this study is to estimate the prevalence of common psychiatric disorders and their distribution based on gender and area in Dehloran city during 2013 to 2018. Material and method. This cross-sectional study was carried out during 2013 to 2018 in Pahleh, Meymeh, Moosian, Dasht-e-Abbas, Bisheh deraz and clinic no.2 of Dehloran city, Ilam province, west of Iran. The subjects were selected from individuals who were referred to the healthcare centers across the city under purpose. Psychiatric disorders were diagnosed on the basis of diagnostic and statistical criteria of the disorder, and interviews and examinations by the physician. Results. Based on the results, it was found that the mean prevalence of psychotic disorders in Dehloran is higher in men than in women, being 1.03% at its peak in men in 2018-2019. The mean prevalence of depressive disorders in Dehloran city is higher in women than in men, being 2.26% at its peak in women in 2018-2019. Besides, the mean prevalence of anxiety disorders in Dehloran city is higher in women than in men, being 2.26% at its peak in women in 2015-2016; and the mean prevalence of epilepsy in Dehloran city is higher in women than in men, being 1.7% at its peak in women in 2018-2019. Conclusions. It is estimated that at least 4 percent of the people in the region suffer from one or more mental disorders. This shows the importance of the role of mental disorders in providing preventive and management plans in the region. ER  - 
2.4 CHILD PSYCHIATRY IN AUTOIMMUNE BRAIN DISEASE$$$ Objectives: The diagnosis of autoimmune encephalitis (AE) must be included in the differential diagnosis for patients with acute onset of psychosis, mental status or personality changes, delirium, catatonia, or cognitive decline. We will outline key principles that child and adolescent psychiatrists should become familiar with in the evaluation and management of AE. Methods: We compared the neuropsychiatric symptoms and paraclinical markers at disease onset for anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate (anti-NMDA), anti-glutamic-acid-decarboxylase (anti-GAD65), and anti-voltage-gated-potassium-channel complex (anti-VGKC) antibody-mediated AE. A retrospective chart review of 189 patients was completed. Included patients were ages ≤ 18, with serum- or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF)-positive NMDA (n = 13), GAD65 (n = 7), and VGKC (n = 5) autoantibodies. Time to diagnosis, neuropsychiatric symptoms, and paraclinical parameters at onset of illness were compared across groups. Qualitative and quantitative patterns in clinical phenotypes among antibody-positive AE will be described. Psychiatric symptom management strategies will also be highlighted. Results: On average, seropositive patients experienced symptoms in ≥4 of the 8 domains (cognition, language, sleep, psychiatric symptoms, seizures, movement disorders, autonomic dysregulation, and physical complaints). Patients with NMDA antibodies exhibited catatonia (p = 0.029) and movement disorders (p = 0.002) more commonly than the other subtypes. Patients with VGKC antibodies experienced ADHD symptoms (p = 0.008) and developmental regression (p = 0.031) more commonly. The groups did not differ significantly in frequency of cognitive impairment, psychosis, depression, OCD, sleep disruption, or seizures. Patients with NMDA antibodies were more likely to exhibit CSF pleocytosis (p = 0.03) and vital sign instability (p = 0.013). The average time to diagnosis for patients with NMDA, GAD65, and VGKC autoantibodies was 1.7, 15.5, and 12.0 months, respectively (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Child and adolescent psychiatrists will become familiar with clinical phenotypes of patients with seropositive AE. The relative delay to time of diagnosis for patients with anti-GAD65 and anti-VGKC AE compared with anti-NMDA AE emphasizes the importance of testing for all known antineuronal antibodies. CON, PSY, NI ER  - 
4.34 LONGITUDINAL RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN DEPRESSION AND CHRONIC ILLNESS IN ADOLESCENTS: AN INTEGRATIVE REVIEW$$$ Objectives: Among adults with comorbid depression and chronic illness, depression increases illness-related morbidity over time. Depression is prevalent in adolescents with chronic illness. However, the effects of depression on chronic illness in this age population are not well-understood. This integrative review synthesized the longitudinal relationship between comorbid depression and disease control, self-management, illness-related morbidity, and quality of life among adolescents ages 11–21 with chronic illness. Methods: We searched 4 databases (PubMed, CINAHL, PsycINFO, Embase) with no year restrictions using the following keywords: chronic disease; chronic illness; asthma; diabetes; cystic fibrosis; arthritis; epilepsy; heart condition; blood disorder; inflammatory bowel disease; depression; comorbid; depressive; adolescent; teen; youth; young people; functional impairment; functional limitation; quality of life; disease management; and symptom. The inclusion criteria consisted of longitudinal studies examining depression among adolescents with a noncommunicable, long-term medical illness and published in English. Two authors independently appraised articles using the Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale and rectified discrepancies. We systematically extracted and synthesized data by outcome. Results: The search yielded 3463 articles; 13 were longitudinal studies (11 prospective, 2 retrospective), representing 4422 adolescents. Eight studies focused on diabetes, demonstrating that increased depressive symptoms predicted decreases in metabolic control, blood glucose monitoring, medication adherence, quality of life, and increases in hospitalization. Among other illnesses, studies were limited in number but also suggested that depressive symptoms/depression negatively affect quality of life, functional limitations, and hospitalization rates/costs. Conclusions: Evidence supports the importance of routine screening and monitoring of depression in adolescents with chronic illness. Integrated care approaches to treat depressive symptoms that accompany a chronic illness are warranted. More investigation is needed to uncover the long-term effects of depressive symptoms/depression across diversified chronic illness populations. DDD, PYI, ADOL ER  - 
33.3 CLINICAL FEATURES AND COGNITIVE-BEHAVIORAL TREATMENT OF FUNCTIONAL NEUROLOGICAL SYMPTOMS IN CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS$$$ Objectives: This pilot study describes the clinical characteristics of youth with functional neurological symptoms (FNS), including response to CBT and rates of ASD. Methods: Consecutive referrals for youth, ages 6 to 17 years, with a diagnosis of FNS were assessed in the clinic. Pediatricians conducted a neurological assessment and found that the youth had a range of symptoms, including psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Youth with neurodevelopmental disorders were not excluded, and specific analyses were undertaken regarding the presence or absence of ASD. A total of 33 youth was offered psychological treatment in the form of tailored CBT. Treatment was completed by 22 youth, and their cases are described in the current study. Outcomes were measured at baseline and postintervention using the Child Global Assessment Scale (CGAS), Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ), Goal Based Outcomes (GBO), and Revised Child Anxiety and Depression Scale (RCADS). Results: The techniques used during CBT will be described. Most youth had multiple neurological symptoms, and 18 of the 22 youth had mental illness comorbidity. Scores on the CGAS improved postintervention (mean improvement 23.6, p < 0.001), with 82 percent showing reliable change. The GBO score, measuring personal individualized goals, showed clinically meaningful gains. Standard measures of emotional and behavioral symptoms (SDQ and RCADS) did not correlate well with clinical diagnoses, were usually subthreshold at baseline, and did not show significant improvement post-intervention. A total of 10 of the 59 (16.9%) youth with PNES had a comorbid diagnosis of ASD. Conclusions: This pilot study suggests that FNS confer significant impairment in functioning and high comorbidity of mental disorders. Detection of common mental health disorders was not assisted by use of standardized measures, although most youth were clinically anxious or depressed. ASD appeared to be overrepresented in this clinical population. Tailored CBT seems to be a promising approach to treatment, with it being effective in the short term. More research is needed to further evaluate interventions within randomized controlled trials and to understand why youth with FNS and their families may not endorse mental health symptoms on questionnaires. SOM, TREAT, CBT ER  - 
33.4 AN INTEGRATED TREATMENT MODEL FOR YOUTH WITH PSYCHOGENIC NONEPILEPTIC SEIZURES$$$ Objectives: Participants will learn components of an integrated therapy model. This model seeks to incorporate psychoeducation about psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), individual child therapy components, and family therapy. Participants will learn how this model treats both the PNES symptomatology and the factors contributing to the patient’s conversion disorder. Methods: The integrated treatment model aims to provide psychoeducation about PNES, reduce PNES symptoms, and treat conversion disorder by addressing the child’s psychological struggles and the family’s communication. The proposed stage model will be demonstrated through case examples and retrospective review of a sample group of treated pediatric patients. Patients were aged 5–18 years, with a confirmed typical PNES episode on video EEG and who underwent a psychological evaluation at the Minnesota Epilepsy Group. All 62 patients (48 females) also were enrolled in psychotherapy immediately after diagnosis. Results: Psychoeducation occurs at time of diagnosis followed by individual and separate family therapy. The first components of both therapies involve symptom reduction. After symptom reduction, the therapies shift to treating the child’s psychological stressors and improving family communication and interaction. The mean age of PNES onset was 13.9 years. PNES frequency was more than 1 per week for the majority of patients (49/62). Histories of other impairing somatic complaints were present in many patients (34/62), as well as prior diagnoses of mental illness (42/62). PNES symptoms were controlled after 12 sessions of outpatient psychotherapy in 70 percent (43/62) of the cases. In total, 85 percent (54/62) of patients achieved symptom control by termination of treatment. Treatment after management of PNES continued for more than half of the patients (36/62) to address comorbid psychological and family factors. Conclusions: Although there is a significant need for a comprehensive treatment approach for patients with PNES, there are few studies examining the factors that promote both symptom reduction and treatment for the underlying conversion disorder. This preliminary study highlights the complexity of this disorder in children, the reduction and cessation in PNES symptoms in 85 percent of the patients, and the need for ongoing psychotherapy following PNES reduction. SOM, EP, TREAT ER  - 
33.1 PEDIATRIC ONSET PSYCHOGENIC NON-EPILEPTIC SEIZURES: ESTABLISHMENT OF A DANISH NATIONWIDE COHORT AND A DESCRIPTION OF CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS$$$ Objectives: A total of 5 percent to 15 percent of children and adolescents referred to epilepsy centers are diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). A misdiagnosis of epilepsy can result in potentially harmful treatment, whereas a misdiagnosis of PNES can result in a lack of proper treatment with antiepileptic drugs and a risk of multiple epileptic seizures. In spite of the potential consequences of a misdiagnosis, little is known about pediatric-onset PNES, and the patients are often neglected and incorrectly treated. This study will evaluate the diagnostic procedures and accuracy, as well as describe clinical characteristics of pediatric PNES, by using the Danish health care registries and medical records. It is the first study conducted on a nationwide cohort of children and adolescents with incident PNES covering approximately 2 decades. Methods: We have identified children and adolescents (age 5–17 years, both included) registered in the Danish health care registries with one of the following ICD-10 diagnoses: F44.5 (dissociative seizures) or R56.8G (other and unspecified convulsions, nonepileptic) in the period from 1996 to 2014. These ICD-10 diagnoses correspond to the DSM-5 diagnosis of conversion disorder (300.11, functional neurological symptom disorder). Based on medical records, we will validate the diagnosis of PNES in this pediatric population of patients using the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) criteria. The description of the PNES cohort will include a wide range of clinical characteristics, including medical history (ie, comorbidity, family history of illness, and so on), daily level of functioning, family characteristics, negative life events, clinical examinations, and seizure semiology. Results: Among 451 eligible children, we have included 431 children. Currently, the data from the medical records are being processed. The detailed study design and results will be presented at the conference. Conclusions: This study is the first nationwide study of clinical features of childhood-onset PNES. The results will contribute a comprehensive clinical profile of children and adolescents presenting with PNES, which can potentially support an improvement of future strategies for managing this challenging disorder. SOM, EP, EPI ER  - 
3.19 EFFECTS OF HAVING A DEDICATED CHILD AND ADOLESCENT PSYCHIATRIST IN THE PEDIATRIC EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT AND CREATION OF A BRIDGE CLINIC ON PATIENT OUTCOMES$$$ Objectives: The rates of pediatric patients with mental illness who present to the emergency department (ED) have increased by 20 percent in the past 10 years. However, there is limited investigation into methods for addressing this surge in patients. This retrospective quality assurance (QA) study evaluates the impact of having a child and adolescent psychiatrist act as a consultant to the ED in conjunction with the addition of a bridge clinic. Methods: Pediatric patients seen by the Connect consult service within the Carilion Hospital system—before (April 2017–March 2018; n = 853) and after (April 2018–March 2019; n = 825) the advertisement of the child and adolescent psychiatrist consult service—were analyzed for changes in ED length of stay (LOS; minutes) and percentage discharged to home. Additionally, the bridge clinic patients from October 2017 to April 2019 (n = 106) were assessed for variation in quantity of ED visits pre- versus postinitial bridge clinic encounter. These patients were direct referrals from the ED (n = 75), inpatient (n = 25), or outpatient versus the pediatric developmental clinic (n = 6). Patients with overlapping medical and mental health ailments (eg, psychogenic nonepileptic seizures [PNES]) or those first seen within 3 months of drafting the present abstract were excluded. Results: A comparison of patients from April 2017–March 2018 versus April 2018–March 2019 yielded a 9-percent increase in discharges (p = 0.004). Mean ED LOS decreased by 51 minutes, but this was insignificant (p = 0.315). In comparing patients 1 year pre- versus postinitial bridge clinic encounters (n = 50), the average ED visits decreased by 0.98 ± 0.3 (95% CI; p < 0.001), but ED returns within 1 week and 1 month were not found to be statistically significant (p = 0.710, p = 0.128 respectively). In comparing patients 3 months pre- versus postinitial bridge clinic encounters (n = 96), the average ED visits decreased by 0.93 ± 0.16 (95% CI; p < 0.001) and the ED returns within 1 month decreased by 0.11 ± 0.1 (95% CI; p = 0.034), but the ED returns within 1 week was not found to be statistically significant (p = 0.769). Conclusions: After full incorporation of the child and adolescent psychiatrist consults, the percentage of discharges significantly increased, and ED LOS decreased, albeit insignificantly. Patients seen in the bridge clinic had a significantly decreased rate of ED presentation postintervention, but there were mixed results with short-term return visits. We are hopeful that further implementation and resource allocation will improve the effectiveness of such services. CON, ADOL, MC ER  - 
1.6 MATERNAL 15Q11-Q13 DUPLICATION SYNDROME WITH ASD: MOOD STABILIZATION BY CARBAMAZEPINE$$$ Objectives: Maternal 15q11-q13 duplication syndrome is one of the most frequent genetic causes of ASD. The syndrome is also one of the most penetrant genetic causes of ASD and commonly presents with comorbid symptoms of mental illness and seizures. Although carbamazepine has been reported as effective in managing comorbid seizures in maternal 15q11-q13 duplication syndrome, it has not been reported to be used as a mood stabilizer in this population. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the charts of 5 patients presenting with maternal pseudoisodicentric 15q11-q13 duplication syndrome seeking treatment for behavioral problems and, in 4 cases, seizures. Patients were followed in the Neurodevelopmental Disorder Psychopharmacology Clinic at the University of Illinois Chicago. Results: Through empirical trials, carbamazepine was found to be more effective than other mood stabilizers in all 5 patients, and in one case, it served as a better antiepileptic drug. As an example, one of the patients had improved symptoms of mental illness and improved seizure control while on carbamazepine and an atypical antipsychotic drug, despite exhibiting asymptomatic neutropenia, which improved when not taking carbamazepine. Her neutropenia prompted attempts to switch to other anticonvulsants by another provider, which led to status epilepticus. Her seizures were stabilized by oxcarbazepine. After returning to care in the Clinic, oxcarbazepine was continued for seizure control along with risperidone, but she had worsened symptoms of mental illness, which did not respond to the addition of valproate. Oxcarbazepine was cross-titrated to carbamazepine. She had improved symptoms of mental illness and continued seizure control but again developed neutropenia. Because of neutropenia, valproate and oxcarbazepine trials were repeated but were less effective than carbamazepine. Both lamotrigine and lithium were prescribed but were discontinued because of adverse events (rash and severe polyuria/polydipsia, respectively), so carbamazepine has been continued with risperidone for 6.5 years with ongoing asymptomatic neutropenia (most recent absolute neutrophil count, 1.7 K/mcL). Conclusions: In treating 5 patients with maternal pseudoisodicentric 15q11-q13 duplication syndrome, carbamazepine more effectively stabilized mood disorders than alternative treatments. ASD, PPC, MSS ER  - 
4.8 ADMINISTRATION OF YOKUKANSAN FOR ADHD IN 20 CHILDREN: A RETROSPECTIVE ANALYSIS$$$ Objectives: Yokukansan (YKS) is one of the Japanese herbal traditional medicine formulas (Kampo), prescribed for irritation, irritability, mood swing, and agitation, and the third highest selling Kampo for children and adults in Japan. YKS is indicated for neurosis, insomnia, crying baby in the night, delirium of adults, and peripheral symptoms of dementia. Methylphenidate hydrochloride, atomoxetine, and guanfacine hydrochloride are the only current choices under the Japanese health insurance system for ADHD in children. This time, the sole or combined administration of YKS for ADHD in 20 children was investigated retrospectively. The aim of this presentation is to determine the effect of YKS for children with ADHD. Methods: This retrospective case series report was conducted in children with ADHD who received YKS. The 20 eligible children had the diagnoses of ADHD or suspected ADHD from January 2017 through March 2018 at our child psychiatric outpatient facility. These children were from ages 6 to 14 years. The following were researched: age, gender, IQ test (Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-Fourth Edition [WISC-4], Tanaka-Benet-5 test), the severity that DSM-5 defines at their family and school on the initial examination and 2 years later (0, mild [1], moderate [2], severe [3]), dropout of outpatient, and medication comorbidities. Results: The average age was 9.75 years. The ratio of male to female was 19:1. The average IQ was 88.2 (range = 54–125). There were no side effects after administration. Eleven children had a blood test, which showed that 2 (10%) had a food allergy; 4 (20%) had febrile convulsion, an abnormal EEG, or epilepsy; and 2 (10%) had any severe physical disabilities. The diagnoses of comorbidity were 3 (15%) pervasive developmental disorders and ASD, 4 (20%) ODD, and 5 (25%) intellectual disability. Fourteen children (70%) had continued YKS more than a year, and 5 (25%) had dropped out of child psychiatric outpatient. There was sole administration of YKS for 13 cases (65%), whereas 7 (35%) had the combined administration. The average dose per day was 3.0 g (1 package is 2.5 g). The price of methylphenidate (27 mg) was $3.40, atomoxetine (25 mg) was $3.80, guanfacine (3 mg) was $5, and YKS was <source.27. Their ADHD severity at their family and school on the initial examination was 1.85 (average, range 0–3). Two years later, the average severity was 0.85 (0–2, n = 13). Conclusions: The anti-stress effect of YKS might improve the severity of ADHD symptoms in children. ADHD, CAM, RCR ER  - 
4.31 TRENDS OVER 2 DECADES IN ADOLESCENT SUICIDAL AND RECREATIONAL INGESTIONS OF OVER-THE-COUNTER DEXTROMETHORPHAN PREPARATIONS$$$ Objectives: We sought to identify trends in overdoses with over-the-counter (OTC) dextromethorphan (DXM) cough preparations among adolescents from a national poison center surveillance database. Our objective was to identify both severity of outcomes and trends in adolescent suicide attempts with OTC DXM cough preparations. Methods: We performed a retrospective observational study using the American Association of Poison Control Center’s National Poison Data System (NPDS). Data were obtained between the years 2004 and 2017 on poison center calls involving patients aged 13–19 years at the time of their substance ingestion. We sought to identify cases coded as abuse, misuse, and suicide attempt with products containing DXM in combination with cough medications to identify trends over time. Results: Over the 14-year period studied, adolescent exposures to OTC DXM combination products occurred 71,810 times, with 26,954 cases being suicide attempts and 42,312 being instances of abuse or misuse. NPDS calls coded as abuse or misuse peaked in 2013. The number of suicide calls increased 50 percent from 1595 in 2004 to 2364 in 2017, which represented 35 percent of DXM calls in 2004 and 55 percent in 2017. Therapeutic interventions included 778 intubations, vasopressor support in 87 cases, and 21 cases requiring CPR. Hallucinations complicated the clinical course in 4370 cases, seizures occurred in 867 cases, and 665 cases were comatose. Death occurred in 26 teenagers, of which 18 were suspected suicide completions. Conclusions: A combination of DXM products is a major source of morbidity and mortality in adolescents. Recreational-use coded calls peaked in 2013, whereas calls coded for suicide attempts have continued to show a dramatic rise, with a 50-percent increase in the 14-year study period. S, MAE, SIB ER  - 
Use of noninvasive induction techniques in the diagnosis of PNES$$$ The diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) remains challenging. In the correct clinical setting with prolonged electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring, the specificity of provocative techniques to distinguish induced epileptic event from a nonepileptic event approaches 90%. We report our epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) experience with the use of noninvasive verbal suggestion (VS) during hyperventilation (HV), photic stimulation (PS) as induction technique in making the diagnosis of PNES. In total, 189/423 patients were diagnosed with PNES during the EMU evaluation. Of the 189, 20 had mixed disorder and 169 patients had only PNES, 80 patients (47.3%) had a PNES with induction, and the remaining 89 of 169 patients (52.7%) had a spontaneous PNES episode that did not require induction. Verbal suggestion during HV and PS confirmed the diagnosis of PNES in 47% of the patients who otherwise did not have spontaneous events. Within the group who was diagnosed with PNES following induction, antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) were stopped in 53% of the patients. We believe that this is a large proportion of patients that would possibly remain undiagnosed if no induction were performed. ER  - 
Adult mortality in sub-Saharan Africa: cross-sectional study of causes of death in Zambia$$$ Objective: To describe the age–sex pattern and socio-economic differentials in causes of death among adults between the ages of 15 and 59 years in Zambia. Methods: Using data from the 2010–2012 Zambia sample vital registration with verbal autopsy survey, we calculated the percentage share of causes of death, the age-/sex cause-specific death ratio and cause-eliminated life expectancy at age 15. Results: HIV/AIDS was the leading cause of death across all socio-economic subgroups contributing 40.7% of total deaths during the study period. This was followed by deaths due to injury and accidents (11.2%). Cause-specific death ratios due to HIV/AIDS increased by age and peaked in the 35–39 age group and were higher among females than males. The second-leading cause of death was injuries and accidents for males and tuberculosis for females. The third-leading cause of death was cardiovascular diseases for females and tuberculosis for males. Cause of death patterns varied notably by socio-economic characteristics. Deaths attributable to non-communicable diseases were more evident in adults aged 45–59 years. Eliminating HIV/AIDS in Zambia as a cause of death could raise life expectancy at age 15 by 5.7 years for males and by 6.4 years for females. Conclusion: HIV/AIDS-related health programmes and interventions should be further supported and strengthened, as they would significantly contribute to the reduction in adult mortality in Zambia. ER  - 
Seizures in children with epilepsy and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Background: Epilepsy is an important disorder that is sometimes accompanied by inattention problems. This study explored the features of seizures in children with epilepsy, with or without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Methods: Between January 2017 and January 2018, data records of children with epilepsy aged 5–18 years admitted to hospital were retrospectively collected. SPSS 17.0 was used for analyses and P < 0.05 was accepted as significant. Results: Of 301 patients with epilepsy, 32 of them had ADHD. Median age at diagnosis of epilepsy in the epilepsy + ADHD group was lower than in the epilepsy alone group (6 vs 8 years; z = −2.989, P = 0.003). The two groups were similar in terms of duration of epilepsy, seizure types and features of complicated versus non-complicated epilepsy, number of anti-epileptic drugs (AED) used (for all, P > 0.05). The epilepsy + ADHD group had a significantly higher prevalence of intellectual disability (31.3% vs 12.6%; χ2(1) = 7.9, P = 0.014) and specific learning disorder (12.5% vs 1.9%; χ2(1) = 11.1, P = 0.009) than the epilepsy alone group (χ2(1) = 11.1, P = 0.009). ADHD medication use was identified in 68.8% of children in the epilepsy + ADHD group. Conclusion: Attention-deficit–hyperactivity disorder was identified in 11.8% of 5–18-year-old children (32/301) with epilepsy in a 1 year period. ADHD is more frequent in children with epilepsy in childhood (5–11 years of age). Epilepsy diagnosis is more frequent in younger children with ADHD. Children with epilepsy and ADHD, also have a significantly higher prevalence of intellectual disability and specific learning disorder. Younger children diagnosed with epilepsy should be carefully monitored for ADHD. ER  - 
Do cognitive and neuropsychological functioning deficits coincide with hippocampal alteration during first-psychotic episode?$$$ Background Numerous studies shown that structural hippocampal alterations are present in subjects at high risk of developing psychosis or schizophrenia. These findings indicate that in a subset of patients undergoing first-psychosis episode (FPE), hippocampal volume alterations are accompanied by associated cognitive and neuropsychological deficits. The combination of psychological deficits and neuroanatomical alterations, in turn, appears to increase treatment complexity and worsen clinical outcomes.Objective We aim to determine whether cognitive and neuropsychological functioning deficits precede or follow hippocampal alterations during early onset psychosis.Methods This cross-sectional study describes 3 case-studies of adolescent subjects, ages 16-17, admitted at the child and adolescent inpatient psychiatric unit in lieu of first psychotic episode. We conducted detailed structured clinical psychiatric interviews, anatomical-structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), sleep-deprived electroencephalogram (EEG) recordings, laboratory testing, and a comprehensive battery of psychological testing to better understand their clinical pictures.Results Psychological testing in each patient demonstrated the presence of low to borderline intellectual functioning coupled with neuropsychological deficits in different psychiatric domains. Interestingly, these changes coincided with structural MRI alterations in the hippocampal area.Conclusions Our case report adds to the armamentarium of literature signifying that radiologically detectable alterations of the hippocampus may occur either concomitantly or closely following the development of early cognitive deficits in patients with FPE. ER  - 
Perioperative Treatment of Brain Arteriovenous Malformations Between 2006 and 2014: The Helsinki Protocol$$$ Objective: We reviewed retrospectively the perioperative treatment of microsurgically resected brain arteriovenous malformations (bAVMs) at the neurosurgical department of Helsinki University Hospital between the years 2006 and 2014. We examined the performance of the treatment protocol and the incidence of delayed postoperative hemorrhage (DPH). Methods: The Helsinki protocol for postoperative treatment of bAVMs was used for the whole patient cohort of 121. The patients who had subsequent DPH were reviewed in more detail. Results: Five out of 121 (4.1%) patients had DPH. These patients had a higher Spetzler–Martin grade (SMG) (p = 0.043) and a more complex venous drainage pattern (p = 0.003) as compared to those who had no postoperative bleed. Patients with DPH had 43% larger intravenous fluid intake in the neurosurgical intensive care unit (p = 0.052); they were all male (p = 0.040) and had longer stay in the intensive care unit (p = 0.022). Conclusions: The Helsinki protocol for postoperative treatment of bAVMs was found to produce comparable results to a more complex treatment algorithm. DPH was associated with high SMG, complex venous drainage pattern, male gender and high intravenous fluid intake. Our findings support the use of SMG in defining patient’s postoperative treatment as the DPHs in our study occurred in patients with grade 2–5. ER  - 
Long-term safety and tolerability of erenumab: Three-plus year results from a five-year open-label extension study in episodic migraine$$$ Background: Previously published three-month placebo-controlled and one-year open-label clinical trial data have provided information on the efficacy and safety of erenumab. Methods: Interim analysis was undertaken from an ongoing five-year open-label treatment phase after all patients completed three years in the open-label treatment phase or discontinued the study. Adult patients with episodic migraine enrolled in the open-label treatment phase initially received 70 mg erenumab monthly. A protocol amendment increased the dosage to 140 mg monthly to assess long-term safety of the higher dose. Safety and tolerability were assessed by monitoring adverse events, electrocardiograms, laboratory assessments, and vital signs. Results: Of 383 patients enrolled in the open-label treatment phase, at data cutoff 235 (61.3%) remained in the study, all received 140 mg for ≥1 year. Median (Q1, Q3) exposure (70 or 140 mg) for all patients enrolled was 3.2 (1.3, 3.4) years. The most frequent adverse events (≥4.0/100 patient-years) were reported as viral upper respiratory tract infection, sinusitis, influenza, and back pain. Exposure-adjusted serious adverse event rates were 4.2/100 patient-years. There was no increase in cardiovascular events over time. Conclusions: In this long-term study of a CGRP-receptor antibody, erenumab was found to be safe and well-tolerated with a spectrum and rate of adverse events consistent with shorter-term placebo-controlled studies. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01952574 ER  - 
Treatable cause of hereditary spastic paraplegia: eight cases of combined homocysteinaemia with methylmalonic aciduria$$$ Combined homocysteinemia with methylmalonic aciduria (MMA/HCY) are genetic disorders of intracellular cobalamin (cbl) transport and processing that cause downstream deficiencies in methylcobalamin and adenosylcobalamin. Untreated disease is characterized biochemically by methylmalonic aciduria and hyperhomocysteinemia, while the clinical features are variable. When spastic paraplegia (SP) dominates, it is difficult to differentiate from hereditary spastic paraplegia (HSP). Clinical, biochemical and imaging features were reviewed in eight patients with MMA/HCY that mimicked HSP. Seven males and one female were enrolled. The median onset age was 13 years old (range 7–26 years old). The median time delay of diagnosis was 20.5 months (range 2–60 months). Spastic gait was the first symptom in four patients, while the other four patients presented with chronic emotional abnormalities or cognitive impairment. The main clinical manifestation was SP, and other neurological symptoms included cognitive impairment (5/8), spastic dysuria (3/8), personality change and depression (3/8), ataxia (2/8), seizures (2/8), limb numbness (2/8), and developmental delay (2/8). When patients were diagnosed, the mean serum homocysteine level, the methylmalonic acid level in urine, the serum propionylcarnitine (C3) level and the ratios of C3-to-acetylcarnitine (C2) and free carnitine (C0) were all dramatically elevated. Cranial MRIs showed nothing remarkable except mild brain atrophy. All spinal MRIs were normal except for case 8. Definite compound heterozygous mutations in MMACHC were detected in five cases. Follow-up indicated partial improvement in all the patients after intramuscular cbl, oral betaine and folate, supporting the diagnosis of MMA/HCY. Our data highlight the need for extensive investigation of intracellular cbl transport and processing, when spastic paraparesis is a prominent component of the clinical picture. Testing for urine methylmalonic acid and serum homocysteine levels is a simple but critical approach in suspected cases. Genetic testing, especially for MMACHC gene mutations, is needed. Raising awareness of this disorder could result in the timely initiation of targeted treatment, which may significantly improve patient outcomes. ER  - 
Subanesthetic ketamine infusions for the management of pediatric pain in non-critical care settings: An observational analysis$$$ Background: Guidelines issued by the American Society of Regional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine suggest that ketamine infusions for acute pain management are advantageous as a primary treatment or as an opioid adjunct. Despite significant data regarding its use in adult patients, there remains a paucity of information related to its quality and side effect profile in pediatrics and how it can be effectively used. We aimed to summarize our practice of utilizing ketamine for pediatric pain management in non-critical care settings. Methods: Patients aged 0-21 years receiving low-dose ketamine infusions (≤0.3 mg/kg/hour) in inpatient care units over five years were retrospectively analyzed. Demographics, specific quality metrics, and side effects were quantified. Results: About 172 patients received 270 subhypnotic ketamine infusions. The median duration of the infusions was 63.8 hours and 0.2 mg/kg/hour for the highest dose. The primary indication for ketamine was chronic pain exacerbation (83.3%). Despite similar opioid consumption, there was a significant reduction in mean verbal pain scores before (8.9 ± 1.9, P <.001) and after ketamine (6.5 ± 2.7, P <.001) use. Although there were 52 incidences of some side effect (neurologic excitability [10.4%]; over-sedation [7.4%]; rapid response team alerts [1.1%]), none resulted in termination of the infusion or escalations in care. Conclusion: Ketamine can effectively be used as part of a multimodal analgesic regimen in pediatric patients in non-critical care settings. Our five-year experience using low-dose ketamine infusions highlights an acceptable side effect profile, with no attributable escalations in care or serious adverse events. ER  - 
Estimating the effect size of the 15Q11.2 BP1-BP2 deletion and its contribution to neurodevelopmental symptoms: Recommendations for practice$$$ The 15q11.2 deletion is frequently identified in the neurodevelopmental clinic. Case-control studies have associated the 15q11.2 deletion with neurodevelopmental disorders, and clinical case series have attempted to delineate a microdeletion syndrome with considerable phenotypic variability. The literature on this deletion is extensive and confusing, which is a challenge for genetic counselling. The aim of this study was to estimate the effect size of the 15q11.2 deletion and quantify its contribution to neurodevelopmental disorders. Methods We performed meta-analyses on new and previously published case-control studies and used statistical models trained in unselected populations with cognitive assessments. We used new (n=241) and previously published (n=150) data from a clinically referred group of deletion carriers. 15q11.2 duplications (new n=179 and previously published n=35) were used as a neutral control variant. Results The deletion decreases IQ by 4.3 points. The estimated ORs and respective frequencies in deletion carriers for intellectual disabilities, schizophrenia and epilepsy are 1.7 (3.4%), 1.5 (2%) and 3.1 (2.1%), respectively. There is no increased risk for heart malformations and autism. In the clinically referred group, the frequency and nature of symptoms in deletions are not different from those observed in carriers of the 15q11.2 duplication suggesting that most of the reported symptoms are due to ascertainment bias. Conclusions We recommend that the deletion should be classified as a € pathogenic of mild effect size'. Since it explains only a small proportion of the phenotypic variance in carriers, it is not worth discussing in the developmental clinic or in a prenatal setting. ER  - 
Oxidative stress contribution to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children with epilepsy$$$ Children with epilepsy have a high incidence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Oxidation stress and disturbed neurotransmitters are suggested mechanisms; however, their role is not fully explored. This study evaluates the association between circulating malondialdehyde as an oxidation stress marker, apelin neuropeptide, and ADHD in children with epilepsy. Fifty children with epilepsy of unknown etiology, of which 25 have ADHD, as well as 35 healthy children were included. Serum levels of malondialdehyde and apelin were estimated. We investigated the association between seizure severity, response to medications, malondialdehyde, apelin levels, and ADHD in children with epilepsy. Serum malondialdehyde and apelin levels were higher in children with epilepsy, especially those with ADHD. Malondialdehyde and apelin levels have significant positive correlation with the Chalfont Seizure Severity Score. Regression analysis showed that elevated malondialdehyde is an independent risk factor for ADHD in children with epilepsy (OR: 1.401, 95%CI: 1.056-1.859, p= 0.02). No significant association was found between malondialdehyde and apelin levels and the type of epilepsy or ADHD. Longer duration of epilepsy, increased seizure severity, and uncontrolled seizures are associated with increased oxidation stress, which further increased susceptibility for ADHD. In spite of elevated apelin in children with ADHD, the elevation did not increase the risk of ADHD in children with epilepsy. ER  - 
Comorbidity burden in axial spondyloarthritis: A cluster analysis$$$ To examine how comorbidities cluster in axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA) and whether these clusters are associated with quality of life, global health and other outcome measures. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study of consecutive patients meeting ASAS criteria for axSpA in Liverpool, UK. Outcome measures included quality of life (EQ5D), global health and disease activity (BASDAI). We used hierarchical cluster analysis to group patients according to 38 pre-specified comorbidities. In multivariable linear models, the associations between distinct comorbidity clusters and each outcome measure were compared, using axSpA patients with no comorbidities as the reference group. Analyses were adjusted for age, gender, symptom duration, BMI, deprivation, NSAID-use and smoking. Results: We studied 419 patients (69% male, mean age 46 years). 255 patients (61%) had at least one comorbidity, among whom the median number was 1 (range 1-6). Common comorbidities were hypertension (19%) and depression (16%). Of 15 clusters identified, the most prevalent clusters were hypertension-coronary heart disease and depression-anxiety. Compared with patients with no comorbidities, the fibromyalgia-irritable bowel syndrome cluster was associated with adverse patient-reported outcome measures; these patients reported 1.5-unit poorer global health (95%CI 0.01, 2.9), reduced quality of life (0.25-unit lower EQ5D; 95%CI -0.37, -0.12) and 1.8-unit higher BASDAI (95% CI 0.4, 3.3). Similar effect estimates were found for patients in the depression-anxiety cluster. Conclusion: Comorbidity is common among axSpA patients. The two most common comorbidities were hypertension and depression. Patients in the depression-anxiety and fibromyalgia-IBS clusters reported poorer health and increased axSpA severity. ER  - 
Psychiatric outcomes after exposure to surgery and anesthesia after concussion due to mild traumatic brain injury (TBI) in pediatric patients: An exploratory retrospective observational study$$$ Introduction: Concussion represents a vulnerable neurological state for any patient, but even more so in children and adolescents. Pediatric patients with concussions are at an increased risk for new psychiatric disorders, including depression and behavioral disorders.1 The perioperative environment, including anesthesia, may carry risk of neurophysiological stress.2 We recently showed that anesthesia and surgery after a concussion are not uncommon-occurring within a year after injury in up to 15% of concussed patients.3 We seek to determine the impact of anesthesia on the development of psychiatric illness following concussion in pediatric patients. We describe the postoperative psychiatric outcomes in a case series of 191 pediatric patients undergoing an anesthetic within 3 months of mild TBI. Primary outcomes include the development of major depressive disorder (MDD), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), or posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) within 10 years of mild TBI diagnosis. Methods: Patients above 18 years old with a concussion and anesthetic between 2003 and 2017 were identified and the medical record was examined to verify date of injury, confirmation, and mechanism of mild TBI, and date/type of anesthetic administration. Psychiatric illness diagnosed after date of injury, including MDD, ADHD, or PTSD, were identified manually. Exclusion criteria included patients without consent and patients with preinjury cognitive or psychiatric illness. Results: The most common type of injury was sports injury (40.8%), followed by motor vehicle accident (39.3%), fall (12.0%), assault (4.7%), and other (2.1%) which consisted of seizure or suicide attempt. The most common type of anesthetic used was general anesthesia (81.7%). Monitored anesthesia was second most common (11.5%), followed by general anesthesia with regional block (2.1%), and primary regional anesthesia (1.6%). While MDD was diagnosed before injury in 28 patients (14.6%), MDD was newly diagnosed in 14 patients (7.3%) after head injury. ADHD was diagnosed in 21 patients before injury, while it was diagnosed in 3 patients after injury. A new diagnosis of PTSD occurred in 5 patients after injury. Interestingly, 58 patients (30.3%) had a history of any psychiatric diagnosis before injury, while 36 patients (18.8%) were diagnosed with a psychiatric illness after the date of injury. Conclusion: While more pediatric patients with anesthetic exposure within 90 days of concussion had a known psychiatric illness before injury, there remained a significant number of patients who developed a new psychiatric illness after exposure to anesthesia. Further work is warranted to elucidate the timing between psychiatric illness diagnosed after head injury, associations with the specific type of anesthetic used, as well as PACU outcomes. ER  - 
Propofol versus etomidate for electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder in terms of seizure variables and response to treatment$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to compare the effects of propofol and etomidate, which are routinely used in anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) 2 on the seizure variables and response to treatment. Methods: Patients who were treated with ECT under anesthesia with propofol (84.8 ±24.9, n = 20) or etomidate (10.9 ±2.3, n = 20) were investigated retrospectively. The effects on seizure variables (duration and intensity of seizure), on prespecified time points, and the findings of the first session were used in this evaluation. In addition, clinical responses to treatment were evaluated with clinical global impression scale and mood at discharge after a course of ECT. Adverse effects were recorded. Results: The demographic characteristics were similar between the 2 groups. Etomidate was associated with a significantly longer motor (47.20 vs. 28.98 s; P<0.001) and electroencephalogram (61.08 vs. 37.54 s; P< 0.001) seizure duration compared with propofol. There was no significant difference in terms of the clinical global impression scale, mood at discharge and adverse effects between the 2 groups. Conclusions: Propofol and etomidate are associated with similar safety and efficacy profiles but etomidate is a useful anesthetic agent for ECT in patients with inadequate seizure duration with propofol. ER  - 
Autoimmune encephalitis: Utility of PET/CT with18F-FDG as the first diagnostic step$$$ Aim/Introduction: Assess the utility of PET/CT with 18F-FDG, for the investigation of patients with suspected autoimmune encephalitis Materials and Methods: A retrospective study was conducted from June 2009 to February 2019. We reviewed 18F-FDG PET/CT scans of patients with clinical diagnosis of acute encephalitis,18 cases were selected to be further reviewed for antibodies laboratory, historical information, diagnostic workup, medications administered, and neuroimaging findings Results: 18 patients (14 women, 4 men; mean age, 63 y) with clinical diagnosis of autoimmune encephalitis presented with acute altered mental status, with seizures, depression, visual hallucinations the most common neurological symptoms. All 18 patients had abnormal uptake with 18F-FDG PET/CT showing hypermetabolism most commonly in the superior frontal, orbitofrontal, dorsolateral prefrontal, and parietal cortex, mesial temporal structures, cingulate, caudate and putamen. 6 patients had an abnormal radiopharmaceutical uptake as a suspicion of a primary tumor, which were subsequently confirmed as having malignancy. The rest of the patients were evaluated with EEG and CSF samples for the study of infections and paraneoplastic antibodies. CSF was positive in 1 patient for Borrelia burgdorferi infection. CSF was significant in 7 patients with elevation of white cell count in 5 patients and mild elevation of protein in 2 patients. 7 patients had paraneoplastic panel results available with 6 being negative for NMDA, anti-Hu, VGK antibodies, and 1 being positive for GAD65. All seven patients that had hypermetabolism with PET/CT were treated with immunoglobulin, which all improved clinically. MRI were available in 8 of the patients. 2 patients had hyperintensity on FLAIR weighted MRI, one located in bilateral internal frontal convolution cortex and the second at the bilateral mesial temporal lobe. The rest of MRIs were all unremarkable except development of isolated gliosis areas Conclusion: PET/CT is a useful tool in the diagnostic workup of patients with clinically suspected autoimmune encephalitis, to rule out neoplastic and infectious origin and to those who do not test positive for paraneoplastic antibodies. PET/CT should be performed in such patients, FDG-PET can be positive despite a normal brain MRI. ER  - 
Long QT syndrome is associated with an increased burden of diabetes, psychiatric and neurological comorbidities: A nationwide cohort study$$$ Objective Studies have suggested a shared genetic aetiology between congenital long QT syndrome (LQTS) and diabetes, epilepsy and mental disorders. We investigated the prevalence of metabolic, neurological and psychiatric comorbidities in LQTS patients. Methods This retrospective cohort study was based on data from nationwide Danish registries, 2003-2017. LQTS patients were matched 1:5 with controls on sex and age. Results We matched 463 LQTS patients with 2315 controls from the background population. Mean age was 35.7 (SD 21.0) years, and 38% were males in both groups. LQTS patients had a higher prevalence of atrial fibrillation (6.5% vs 2.3%, p<0.001), diabetes (3.7% vs 1.8 %, p=0.011) and hearing loss (3.2% vs 1.7%, p=0.027). LQTS patients had a higher prevalence of psychiatric disorders overall (13.0% vs 9.1%, p=0.01) but the difference could not be attributed to a specific psychiatric disease subgroup. LQTS patients had a higher prevalence of neurological disorders (22.0% vs 13.2%, p<0.001), largely driven by epilepsy (6.7% vs 1.6%, p<0.001). In 20/27 (74%) of the LQTS patients, the epilepsy diagnosis did not reappear in the registries after the LQTS diagnosis was established. Conclusions In this nationwide cohort, patients with LQTS had a significantly increased burden of diabetes, neurological and psychiatric comorbidities, compared with the background population. The higher prevalence of neurological comorbidities was largely driven by epilepsy, despite a high rate of potentially misdiagnosed patients prior to LQTS diagnosis. Our data support that LQTS may be considered a multiorgan disease and suggest that patient management should be adjusted accordingly. ER  - 
Evaluation of symptoms of depression and anxiety in adolescents with epilepsy in a tertiary-level medical center in Serbia$$$ Backgrounds: Even though epilepsy is the most common neurological disorder in adolescence; studies of adolescents with epilepsy are scarce. Objective: To evaluate whether adolescents with epilepsy are more likely to develop anxiety and depressive symptoms than their healthy peers and to determine the relationship of depression and anxiety scores to epilepsy-related variables. Settings and Design: Cross-sectional observational study. Methods and Procedures: Ninety adolescents with epilepsy aged 13-19 years were compared with healthy controls using the Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI II) and the Stait Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) for assessment of depressive and anxiety symptoms. Within the study group, epilepsy-related variables were also determined using the stated measures. Statistical Analysis Used: The independent sample t-test, One-Way ANOVA, Pearson's correlation coefficient. Outcomes and Results: 23.3% of the study group and 8.3% of the control group had mild to moderate depression. The mean BDI II score was significantly higher in the group of adolescents with epilepsy. Comparing the STAI scores, results on both STAI scales were higher in the study group. Regarding the epilepsy-related variables, a high frequency of seizures, symptomatic etiology and polytherapy showed strong associations with high depression and anxiety scores. Conclusion and Implications: Symptoms of depression and anxiety are not uncommon among adolescents with epilepsy. BDI II and STAI may be used as screening tools to provide useful information to clinicians when assessing adolescents' mental status. ER  - 
The incidence and risk factors for neurotoxicity in patients on ertapenem therapy: A retrospective case-control study$$$ Background. Numerous reports have emerged about the neurotoxic effects of ertapenem. A recent study supports carbapenem use for the treatment of extended spectrum β-lactamase (ESBL)- producing Gram-negative bacteremia. This will likely bolster the use of ertapenem as it is a convenient choice to complete antibiotic treatment in an outpatient setting. This study aims to review the incidence of neurotoxicity with ertapenem and the risk factors associated with it. Methods. A retrospective nested cohort study was conducted in Changi General Hospital in Singapore from January 2015 to Decemeber 2016. All patients who received at least 24 hours of ertapenem were identified. Those who exhibited ertapenem-associated neurotoxic effects were selected as cases while those who did not were included in the pool of controls and randomly selected at a 1:3 ratio. Results. A total of 544 patients were treated with ertapenem in our hospital during this 2-year period. Twenty-five patients (incidence 4.6%) developed neurotoxic manifestations and 75 patients were included as controls. Acute confusion was the commonest reaction (n = 19, 76%) followed by hallucinations (n = 8, 32%) and seizures (n = 5, 20%). Baseline characteristics were similar in both groups; the median age of the cases was 79 years (IQR 71-83 years) and 14 (56%) were males. The median duration of ertapenem use before neurotoxicity occurred was 7 days (IQR 5-11days). The median Naranjo ADR probability score for cases was 7 (range 5 to 7) which suggests a probable relationship. Univariate analysis showed that renal impairment (with CrCl< 60 mL/minute) (OR 3.31, 95% CI 1.03-10.64), a history of a vulnerable brain (including stroke and epilepsy etc)(OR 2.61 95% CI 1.03-6.61) increased the risk of neurotoxicity. Neurotoxicity was also significantly associated with longer hospitalization (median 21 days, p = 0.03). Conclusion. Our study suggests that renal impairment or a history of vulnerable brain may increase the risk for ertapenem-associated neurotoxicity. Hence, caution should be exercised when ertapenem is used to treat these individuals. Future prospective studies to further evaluate risk and to derive a prediction scoring system may help to reduce the incidence of neurotoxic adverse events with ertapenem use. ER  - 
Prevalence of Nonopioid and Opioid Prescriptions among Commercially Insured Patients with Chronic Pain$$$ Objective The increased use of opioids to treat chronic pain in the past 20 years has led to a drastic increase in opioid prescribing in the United States. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC's) Guideline for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain recommends the use of nonopioid therapy as the preferred treatment for chronic pain. This study analyzes the prevalence of nonopioid prescribing among commercially insured patients with chronic pain. Design Data from the 2014 IBM® MarketScan® databases representing claims for commercially insured patients were used. International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, codes were used to identify patients with chronic pain. Nonopioid prescriptions included nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), analgesics/antipyretics (e.g., acetaminophen), anticonvulsants, and antidepressant medications. The prevalence of nonopioid and opioid prescriptions was calculated by age, sex, insurance plan type, presence of a depressive or seizure disorder, and region. Results In 2014, among patients with chronic pain, 16% filled only an opioid, 17% filled only a nonopioid prescription, and 28% filled both a nonopioid and an opioid. NSAIDs and antidepressants were the most commonly prescribed nonopioids among patients with chronic pain. Having prescriptions for only nonopioids was more common among patients aged 50-64 years and among female patients. Conclusions This study provides a baseline snapshot of nonopioid prescriptions before the release of the CDC Guideline and can be used to examine the impact of the CDC Guideline and other evidence-based guidelines on nonopioid use among commercially insured patients with chronic pain. ER  - 
Healthcare utilization 6 months prior to and following consultation in a specialized functional neurologic disorder clinic$$$ Objectives: Patients with functional neurologic disorders (FND) are frequent users of the health care system. (1,2,3) We investigated whether patients seen in a specialized FND clinic had decreased healthcare utilization in the 6 months following the initial consultation compared to the preceding 6 months. (4,5). Methods: A retrospective chart review of 70 patients referred to an FND specialist was undertaken. Patients were excluded if the diagnosis could not be established based on DSM-5 criteria or if information about their course 6 months prior and after diagnosis was unavailable. 43 patients met criteria. Information about age, sex, number of visits to the emergency department, ED, outpatient psychiatry, outpatient neurology, hospitalizations, numbers of imaging tests and the number of subspecialty visits was obtained by chart review of the electronic medical record for the 6 months prior and following consultation in an FND specialty clinic. The FND clinic visit included a detailed history, exam, delivery of the diagnosis and a treatment plan. Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) as their primary FND were generally referred to a separate clinic. The type of FND and outcome at 6 months was also recorded. Results: Of the 43 patients diagnosed with definitive FND, 36 were women (83%). The number of patients and their phenotype of FND was distributed as follows: 15 mixed, 7 motor, 6 pain, 5 gait, 4 sensory, 2 PNES, 2 tremor, 1 cognitive and 1 dizziness. Comparing the 6 months preceding the consultation to the 6 months following consultation, the average of all FND patients showed a decrease in the number of ED visits from 2.5 to 0.5; the number of hospitalizations decreased from an average of 0.5 to 0.25; and the average number of imaging studies decreased from 2.4 to 0.9. The number of outpatient psychiatric, neurologic and subspecialty consultations did not change. Overall 62% of patients reported improvement with the motor and mixed phenotypes having the best outcomes and patients with pain FND phenotype having the worst outcomes with 1/6 describing improvement measured by level of function and self- report. Conclusions: This small retrospective study suggests that following consultation in a specialized FND clinic, health care utilization decreased in the 6 months after consultation. Further research should investigate the association between changes in health care utilization, symptom severity and participation in treatment. ER  - 
Anesthetic regimen impacts duration of post-ictal generalized electroencephalographic suppression following electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures$$$ Introduction: Post-ictal generalized electroencephalographic suppression (PGES) is defined as the initial occurrence of low amplitude EEG activity less than 10 microvolts following termination of a generalized seizure. PGES duration has been implicated as a marker for increased risk of sudden unexplained death in epilepsy. This pattern of suppressed EEG activity is also observed following generalized seizures induced during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), where qualitative ratings of PGES are correlated with treatment efficacy. Using a novel, automated algorithm for PGES detection, we quantified the duration of suppressed EEG following ECT-induced seizures. We investigated the impact of anesthetic regimen on detected suppression. Methods: Fifteen patients with major depressive or bipolar affective disorder underwent right unilateral ECT with either high-dose ketamine (2-2.5 mg/kg) or low-dose etomidate (0.2 mg/kg) anesthesia in a randomized cross-over trial (NCT02761330). Recordings were obtained throughout the ictal and post-ictal period using modified 65-sensor EEG caps. The 5-minute period following seizure termination was assessed for the presence of PGES by an expert epileptologist and a novel automated voltage threshold-based classification algorithm. PGES was defined as EEG amplitude of less than 10 microvolts in the majority of channels. We assessed the temporal, spatial, and frequency characteristics of detected PGES and the relationship between PGES duration and anesthetic condition. Results: Across 50 post-ictal recordings, 35 contained PGES as detected by the automated classification algorithm. PGES most commonly began in the first 10 seconds following seizure termination. However, intermittent epochs of suppression were detected up to five minutes after seizure termination. The median total duration of PGES was 5.5 seconds (IQR: 0 to 27). Detected PGES qualitatively displayed a broadband decrease in spectral power compared to non- PGES periods. Spatial topography of PGES demonstrated generalized low amplitude without lateralization. The total duration of PGES was greater following high-dose ketamine (median: 21.5 seconds, IQR: 6.5 to 64) than low-dose etomidate (median: 1.5 seconds, IQR: 0 to 9) general anesthesia. Pairwise comparison of initial measurements demonstrated significant difference between regimens (Wilcoxon signed rank test, p = 0.032). Conclusion: Electroconvulsive therapy presents a controlled setting for investigating PGES following generalized seizures. PGES following ECT-induced seizures can be detected using a simple voltage-based algorithm. It can occur intermittently for minutes following seizure termination, particularly during recovery from ketamine anesthesia. The impact of anesthetic type and dose should be considered when interpreting PGES duration after ECT-induced seizures. ER  - 
Stereoelectroencephalography-guided laser interstitial thermal therapy (SEEGgLITT) for temporal lobe epilepsy associated with encephaloceles$$$ Introduction: Small skull base abnormalities including encephaloceles are increasingly recognized on neuroimaging of patients with drug-refractory focal epilepsy (RFE). While small series have proposed that limited lesionectomy can provide benefit and spare the medial temporal structures, intracranial recording may help define seizure networks. Stereoelectroencephalography-guided laser interstitial thermal therapy (SEEGgLITT) may provide a completely minimally invasive approach to diagnosis and therapy, but skull base lesions provide additional technical challenges. We report our early experience with SEEGgLITT for RFE associated with encephaloceles. Methods: RFE patients managed with SEEGgLITT were reviewed for presence of encephalocele. Preoperative evaluation of patients included ictal video-EEG study, 3T-MRI, interictal PET scan, volumetric CT, neuropsychometry, and multi-disciplinary conference. Imaging and medical records were retrospectively reviewed for seizure localization, extent of ablation, complications, and seizure control. Results: Seven RFE patients with encephalocele underwent SEEGgLITT at our center (2016-2018). In each case, multiple intracranial recorded seizures implicated temporal lobe cortex immediately adjacent to the lesion (low amplitude fast activity +/- preceding trains of spikes). A wider medial temporal network appeared implicated in all seven patients. With mean 12.6 (range 3-25) months follow-up, all patients reported improvements with 4/7 (57%) completely seizure free. One patient required a repeat ablation for additional temporopolar coverage, showing complete seizure freedom at 3 months postop after having only an improvement in frequency following her initial operation. Complications included transient partial CN3 and CN5 palsy (n=1), persistent partial CN7 palsy (n=1), reported worsening of preexisting obsessive-compulsive disorder (n=1), and reported worsening of mood (n=1). Electrode coverage and ultimate ablation of temporopolarentorhinal cortex in addition to the lesion alone may be associated with better seizure outcome compared to less temporopolar sampling and limited ablation. Conclusion: SEEGgLITT is an alternative to open temporal lobe surgery for RFE associated with encephaloceles. Care is required to avoid cranial nerve injury when ablating near skull base. Optimizing outcomes will require larger studies and improved surgical strategies. ER  - 
Characteristics of neonatal seizures related to intracranial hemorrhage in term neonates: A study of the neonatal seizure registry$$$ Objective: To examine seizure burden, treatment response, and outcome in term neonates with seizures primarily attributed to intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) versus ICH as a secondary seizure etiology. Methods: We analyzed prospective data from neonates with seizures enrolled in the multicenter Neonatal Seizure Registry. Results: ICH was the primary seizure etiology for 48/512 term neonates (9%), of which 29 (60%) had no other seizure etiology identified. The remaining 19 (40%) had additional diagnoses of: ICH in an additional intracranial compartment (N=14), stroke (N=7), or HIE (N=4). Fewer neonates had ICH as a secondary etiology (29/512, 6%), with primary seizure etiologies of HIE (45%) and stroke (35%). Neonates with ICH as primary seizure etiology had higher 1 and 5 minute Apgar scores (p≤0.001, Table) and were less likely to die in the NICU compared to those with ICH as secondary etiology, although this was not significant. Seizure burden, number of anti-seizure medications (ASM), and incomplete response to an initial ASM were not different between groups. However, more neonates with seizures attributed to multicompartment vs. single-compartment ICH had incomplete response to the initial ASM (100% vs. 69%, p=0.04) and a trend towards higher seizure burden (p=0.07). Conclusions: Seizure burden and treatment response were similar in neonates with ICH as a primary versus secondary seizure etiology, despite less perinatal depression and a lower rate of death. Neonates with seizures from multicompartment ICH are less likely to respond to an initial ASM and therefore may benefit from early EEG monitoring, novel ASMs, and aggressive treatment. ER  - 
The case for integrated behavioral health in the management of adolescent epilepsy$$$ Objective: Despite the high prevalence of psychiatric comorbidities in adolescent epilepsy, interdisciplinary epilepsy teams have historically operated without a dedicated behavioral health team. This study identified the need for such a service by examining the prevalence of psychiatric disorders and occupational impairment in a sample of adolescent epilepsy patients. Methods: Data derived from 88 patients treated in an interdisciplinary adolescent epilepsy clinic were retrospectively analyzed between September 2018 and March 2019. Theintegrated pediatric psychologist evaluated patients for mental health concerns. The mental-health specialized occupational therapist (OT), experienced in addressing functional and occupational engagement in adolescent health, also evaluated patients. Results: Patients were aged 10-24 years (Mage = 15.88, SDage = 3.38; 46.6% female). Of the 55 patients seen by the psychologist, 80% of patients met criteria for a mental health disorder according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5thedition (DSM 5), most predominantly Autism Spectrum Disorder (27%), other intellectual impairment or developmental disability (29%), and anxiety (24%). Of the 69 patients evaluated by the OT, 85% reported difficulty engaging in meaningful activities, including education (61%), instrumental activities of daily living (46%), social participation (39%), and activities of daily living (38%). Conclusions: Our preliminary findings highlight the importance of integrating behavioral health specialists in an adolescent epilepsy team, in order to accurately identify and address mental health concerns. Future studies will seek to demonstrate how the inclusion of such team members improves patient outcomes and provides cost-effective care. ER  - 
Behavioral and cognitive effects of long-term adjunctive brivaracetam in children with epilepsy: A pooled interim analysis of two open-label trials$$$ Objective: Investigate behavioral and cognitive effects of long-term adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV) in children with epilepsy. Methods: N01263 (NCT00422422) was an open-label trial of adjunctive BRV in children (≥1 month to <16 years) with epilepsy uncontrolled by 1-3 concomitant AEDs; patients completing dose-escalation could continue to an open-label extension (N01266; NCT01364597). This pooled interim analysis (cut-off: 15 March 2017) investigated changes from N01266 Baseline in the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF; 5-16 years) and Achenbach Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL; 6-18 years) at 2,12, and 24 months. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) potentially related to behavior and cognition were assessed for the overall population and patients aged ≥4 to <16 years with focal seizures (focal 4-16). Results: Data were obtained from 219 patients (focal 4-16: n=149; Table 1). Small decreases (improvements) were observed in all BRIEF (n=104), and most CBCL (n=129) Tscore subscales (except withdrawn/depressed) from Baseline to 2, 12, and 24 months; most patients were stable (Table 2). TEAE incidences were similar overall and in the focal 4-16 group (Table 1). Overall, 59 (26.9%) patients had a behavioral TEAE, mostly irritability (11.9%) and aggression (5.9%) and mostly occurring during the first 3 treatment months. Overall, 14 (6.4%) patients reported potentially cognition-related TEAEs, mostly ADHD (1.8%) and confusional state (1.4%). Conclusions: In children on long-term adjunctive BRV, behavior and cognition measures were generally stable over time suggesting a limited impact on behavior and no impact on cognition. Behavioral TEAEs occurred mostly early in therapy; few patients reported cognitive TEAEs. Further investigations are needed. ER  - 
Associations of pain, sleep disorders, fatigue, and comorbid neurodevelopmental conditions with depressive disorders among privatelyinsured adults with cerebral palsy$$$ Background and Objective(s): Adults with cerebral palsy (CP) are at risk for depressive disorders due to a variety of medical factors and other neurodevelopmental comorbidities. The objective of this study was to identify individual and aggregated associations of CP-related symptoms and comorbid neurodevelopmental conditions with depressive disorders among adults with CP. Study Design: Cross-sectional. Study Participants and Settings: This cross-sectional study used data from the 2016 Optum Clinformatics®Data Mart, a deidentified nationwide claims database of beneficiaries from a single U.S. private payer. Diagnostic codes were used to identify 18-64 year-old beneficiaries with CP (n=5555). Materials and Methods: Diagnostic codes were used to identify all medical conditions, set as binary variables. The outcome measure was depressive disorders (e.g., major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder). Exposure variables were pain (e.g., chronic, centralized, joint, back), sleep disorders (e.g., insomnia, sleep apnea), and fatigue. Moderator variables were comorbid neurodevelopmental conditions (i.e., intellectual disabilities, autism spectrum disorders, and epilepsy). There were two sets of exposure variable models: (1) pain, sleep disorders, and fatigue as individual exposure variables; and (2) the count of these variables (count range 0-3) as the single exposure variable. Multivariable logistic regression was performed, including exposure and moderator variables, after adjusting for sociodemographics. If moderation was present, subsequent analyses stratified by that neurodevelopmental condition. Results: 1299 adults with CP had depressive disorders (23.4%). In the fully adjusted model, pain (odds ratio [OR]=1.93; 95% confidence interval [CI]=1.69-2.21), sleep disorders (OR=2.32; 95%CI=1.97-2.71), and fatigue (OR=1.59; 95%CI=1.32-1.93) were each associated with depressive disorders. When these factors were presented as a count variable, the adjusted odds of depressive disorders increased with the number of factors: 1 factor (OR=1.87), 2 factors (OR=3.99), all 3 factors (OR=7.18) (all p<0.05). For both sets of exposure variable models, neurodevelopmental conditions were not significantly associated with depressive disorders (OR=0.91-1.39; all p>0.05). However, there were significant moderation effects, with the strength of the association between depressive disorders with fatigue and pain being stronger for individuals with comorbid intellectual disabilities (pain) or epilepsy (fatigue, pain). Conclusions or Significance: Among young and middle-aged adults with CP, depressive disorders were associated with pain, sleep disorders, and fatigue, and increasing co-occurrence of these factors further increased the likelihood of depressive disorders. Screening for depressive disorders is recommended for patients with CP who present with pain, sleep disorders, and/or fatigue, especially if patients have comorbid neurodevelopmental conditions. ER  - 
Baseline clinical and serological findings in pediatric-onset discoid lupus erythematosus: Analysis of a multicenter retrospective cohort study$$$ Background/Purpose : DLE is a rare, disfiguring disorder in children. Small retrospective studies suggest 20-25% of patients progress to SLE. Progression risk factors are poorly understood, but DLE has been associated with delay in SLE diagnosis and reduced access to care. This multicenter retrospective cohort study aimed to describe baseline characteristics and clinical phenotypes of pediatric DLE patients at diagnosis. Methods : Medical records at eighteen sites were reviewed for pediatric dermatology and rheumatology patients with DLE. For inclusion, patients required clinical and/or histopathologic findings consistent with DLE. Baseline data were collected at the first documented visit including sociodemographic data, ACR/SLICC SLE criteria (i.e. DLE+SLE), date of DLE onset/diagnosis, DLE distribution, family history, comorbidities, and treatment. Outcome variables included ACR (primary outcome) /SLICC SLE criteria. Rates of progression from skin-limited DLE (DLE) to SLE (DLE+SLE) were evaluated. Analysis included descriptive statistics, chi-square and Wilcoxon tests. Results : Out of >1,000 patients reviewed, 441 met inclusion criteria. The cohort was predominantly female (72%) and racially/ethnically diverse (Table 1). A minority presented at baseline with SLE based on ACR and SLICC criteria, respectively (n=165, 37%; n=183, 42%). DLE+SLE patients were older (median 13.7y vs 10.2y) with shorter time from DLE onset to diagnosis (median 2 mo vs 7 mo), compared to DLE patients (p< 0.001). DLE patients presented with low incidence of renal involvement, serositis, seizures or psychosis (p< 0.001, Table 2). DLE+SLE patients had more positive serologies and higher-titer ANAs (p< 0.001, Table 3), although 5% were ANA negative. Among 231 DLE patients with31 follow up visit, median follow-up was 2.7 y (range 0-13.9y) with 747 total subject-years. Progression to SLE occurred in 20% and 25% of patients based on ACR and SLICC criteria, respectively. Conclusion : To date, this is the largest investigation of pediatric DLE. Patients with DLE+SLE were most likely to present in adolescence with abnormal serologies and end-organ disease. Progression of DLE to SLE occurred at rates consistent with previous literature. All patients with DLE require SLE surveillance at diagnosis and regular follow-up, particularly during adolescence. Limitations include the retrospective study design with potential for misclassification, and analysis restricted to the baseline visit. Further analysis of follow up visits will evaluate for baseline risk factors and biomarkers of evolving SLE, as well as timing of progression, identifying DLE patients at highest risk for systemic disease. ER  - 
Evaluation of the impacts of a district-level mental health care plan on contact coverage, detection and individual outcomes in rural Uganda: A mixed methods approach$$$ Background: The burden of mental disorders in low- and middle-income countries is large. Yet there is a major treatment gap for these disorders which can be reduced by integrating the care of mental disorders in primary care. Aim: We aimed to evaluate the impact of a district mental health care plan (MHCP) on contact coverage for and detection of mental disorders, as well as impact on mental health symptom severity and individual functioning in rural Uganda. Results: For adults who attended primary care facilities, there was an immediate positive effect of the MHCP on clinical detection at 3 months although this was not sustained at 12 months. Those who were treated in primary care experienced significant reductions in symptom severity and functional impairment over 12 months. There was negligible change in population-level contact coverage for depression and alcohol use disorder. Conclusion: The study found that it is possible to integrate mental health care into primary care in rural Uganda. Treatment by trained primary care workers improves clinical and functioning outcomes for depression, psychosis and epilepsy. Challenges remain in accessing the men for care, sustaining the improvement in detection over time, and creating demand for services among those with presumed need. ER  - 
Imbalance of Circulating Innate Lymphoid Cell Subpopulations in Patients With Septic Shock$$$ Background: Septic shock, a major cause of death in critical care, is the clinical translation of a cytokine storm in response to infection. It can be complicated by sepsis-induced immunosuppression, exemplified by blood lymphopenia, an excess of circulating Treg lymphocytes, and decreased HLA-DR expression on circulating monocytes. Such immunosuppression is associated with secondary infections, and higher mortality. The effect of these biological modifications on circulating innate lymphoid cells (ILCs) has been little studied. Methods: We prospectively enrolled patients with septic shock (Sepsis-3 definition) in the intensive care unit (ICU) of Timone CHU Hospital. ICU controls (trauma, cardiac arrest, neurological dysfunction) were recruited at the same time (NCT03297203). We performed immunophenotyping of adaptive lymphocytes (CD3+ T cells, CD19+ B cells, CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ Treg lymphocytes), ILCs (CD3−CD56+ NK cells and helper ILCs – ILC1, ILC2, and ILC3), and monocytes by flow cytometry on fresh blood samples collected between 24 and 72 h after admission. Results: We investigated adaptive and innate circulating lymphoid cells in the peripheral blood of 18 patients in septic shock, 15 ICU controls, and 30 healthy subjects. As expected, the peripheral blood lymphocytes of all ICU patients showed lymphopenia, which was not specific to sepsis, whereas those of the healthy volunteers did not. Circulating CD3+ T cells and CD3−CD56+ NK cells were mainly concerned. There was a tendency toward fewer Treg lymphocytes and lower HLA-DR expression on monocytes in ICU patients with sepsis. Although the ILC1 count was higher in septic patients than healthy subjects, ILC2, and ILC3 counts were lower in both ICU groups. However, ILC3s within the total ILCs were overrepresented in patients with septic shock. The depression of immune responses has been correlated with the occurrence of secondary infections. We did not find any differences in ILC distribution according to this criterion. Conclusion: All ICU patients exhibit lymphopenia, regardless of the nature (septic or sterile) of the initial medical condition. Specific distribution of circulating ILCs, with an excess of ILC1, and a lack of ILC3, may characterize septic shock during the first 3 days of the disease. ER  - 
Epilepsy and Autism Spectrum Disorder: An Epidemiological Study in Shanghai, China$$$ Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a neurodevelopmental disease that may involve various brain abnormalities. However, there are few large epidemiological studies on the relation between epilepsy and ASD in terms of different genders and ages. This study aimed to evaluate the relation between epilepsy and ASD based on 74,251 Chinese children aged 3–12 years who were recruited from kindergartens and primary schools in China. ASD was diagnosed according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders—Fifth Edition (DSM-V), and verification of epilepsy was based on medical records. The enrolled children diagnosed with ASD were examined by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and took genetic tests to rule out other neurological and congenital diseases. The raw odds ratio (OR) was 60.53 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 37.80–96.92, P < 0.01] for epilepsy and ASD, and the adjusted OR was 38.99 (95% CI = 20.70–73.41, P < 0.01) after controlling for the confounders. Moreover, the adjusted OR was significantly higher in girls (OR = 45.26, 95% CI = 16.42–124.76, P < 0.01) than in boys (OR = 32.64, 95% CI = 14.33–74.34, P < 0.01). Among children with younger age, the adjusted OR was the highest (OR = 75.12, 95% CI = 22.80–247.48.16, P < 0.01). These findings suggest that epilepsy might be closely linked to the development of ASD, especially for early-onset epilepsy and among girls. ER  - 
An examination of chronic ill-health and lifestyle factors among inmates: searching for the healthy immigrant effect in New South Wales Prisons$$$ PURPOSE: The purpose of this paper is to compare the rates of chronic health conditions and lifestyle factors between Australian-born and overseas-born inmates and to uncover predictive relationships between lifestyle factors and health outcomes for both groups. DESIGN/METHODOLOGY/APPROACH: Data are presented from a cross-sectional study based on a sample of inmates from correctional sites in New South Wales (NSW). The inclusion of results here was guided by the literature relating to the healthy immigrant effect. FINDINGS: Results indicate that a higher proportion of Australian-born inmates consumed alcohol at higher levels and were more likely to smoke on a daily or almost daily basis than overseas-born inmates. Australian-born inmates were also more likely than overseas-born inmates to have been diagnosed with cancer, epilepsy or hepatitis C. Physical activity predicted the number of diagnoses for Australian-born inmates while physical activity and smoking frequency predicted the number of diagnoses for overseas-born inmates. PRACTICAL IMPLICATIONS: Overseas-born inmates make up a considerable portion of the prison population in NSW. A better understanding of those health and lifestyle factors that distinguish them from Australian-born inmates provides important insight regarding health promotion and the planning of service provision for those providing health care in this space. ORIGINALITY/VALUE: Comparison of the health of immigrant and native-born prison inmates has not been undertaken before and promises to provide important information regarding those factors that distinguish a sizeable minority in the prison population. ER  - 
Isolated cortical venous thrombosis: analysis of three cases and literature review T2  -$$$ Objective: Isolated cortical venous thrombosis (ICoVT) has a low incidence and is easily to be misdiagnosed. The clinical characteristics, diagnosis and treatment of three cases of ICoVT were analyzed in order to improve the level of diagnosis and treatment. Methods: The clinical manifestations, examination, imaging and pathological features of three patients with ICoVT admitted to our hospital were retrospectively analyzed. Results: All the three patients had acute onset. The main symptoms were headache, seizures, numbness of one limb and mental disorders. Intracranial pressure was normal. Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed abnormal signals located in cortical sulcus and subcortex. Point and linear hypointensity could be seen on T2* or susceptibility weighted imaging (SWI) -weighted image. Digital subtraction angiography was performed in one case, showing occlusion of cortical veins. Protein S decreased in two patients, two patients with hyperhomocysteinemia and one patient with antiphospholipid antibody syndrome. The clinical and imaging manifestations of three patients were spontaneously alleviated. Brain biopsy was performed in two patients, and meningeal biopsy was performed in one patient due to significant meningeal thickening. Conclusions: The clinical manifestations and routine MRI of ICoVT lack specificity and are easy to be misdiagnosed. However, ICoVT patients are often associated with risk factors for thrombophilia. T2* or SWI sequences are sensitive to the diagnosis of ICoVT. Brain biopsy has implications for the diagnosis and it is helpful for differential diagnosis, but the indications should be strictly controlled. ER  - 
Prevalence of mental health disorders among adults with cerebral palsy$$$ Background: Persons with cerebral palsy (CP) have an increased risk for secondary chronic conditions during childhood, including mental health disorders. However, little is known about how these disorders affect adults with CP. Objective: To determine the prevalence of mental health disorders among adults with CP compared with those without CP. Design: Cross-sectional. Setting: 2016 Optum Clinformatics Data Mart. Patients: 8.7 million adults (including 7348 adults with CP). Measurements: Other neurodevelopmental comorbid conditions (intellectual disabilities, autism spectrum disorders, epilepsy) and 37 mental health disorders (as 6 categories) were identified on the basis of diagnosis codes. Direct age-standardized prevalence of the mental health disorder categories was estimated by sex for adults with CP alone, adults with CP and neurodevelopmental disorders, and adults without CP. Results: Men with CP alone had higher age-standardized prevalence than men without CP for schizophrenic disorders (2.8% [95% CI, 2.2% to 3.4%] vs. 0.7%), mood affective disorders (19.5% [CI, 18.0% to 21.0%] vs. 8.1%), anxiety disorders (19.5% [CI, 18.0% to 21.0%] vs. 11.1%), disorders of adult personality and behavior (1.2% [CI, 0.8% to 1.6%] vs. 0.3%), and alcohol- and opioid-related disorders (4.7% [CI, 3.9% to 5.5%] vs. 3.0%). The same pattern was observed for women. Compared with adults with CP alone, those with CP and neurodevelopmental disorders had similar or higher age-standardized prevalence of the 6 mental health disorder categories, except for the lower prevalence of alcohol- and opioid-related disorders in men. Limitations: Single claims code was used to define the cohort of interest. Information on the severity of CP was not available. Conclusion: Compared with adults without CP, those with CP have an elevated prevalence of mental health disorders, some of which may be more pronounced in patients with comorbid neurodevelopmental disorders. ER  - 
Prevalence and patterns of mental disorders among primary school age children in Ghana: correlates with academic achievement$$$ Background: There is limited data on the prevalence of child and adolescent mental health disorders (CAMHD) in Ghana. Recent reports suggest a decline in academic achievement in basic education. This paper sought to determine the prevalence of CAMHD in Ghanaian primary school children and to draw correlates with academic achievement. Methods: We conducted a pilot cross-sectional survey of 303 grade 3 pupils aged 7–15 years in the city of Kumasi. The Child Behaviour Checklist (CBCL) and Kiddie-Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia (K-SADS-PL) were used to assess for CAMHD in 2016, and data on performance in examinations over the prior academic year were analysed. Results: Overall, current prevalence of CAMHD was 7.25%, with depressive disorder = 1.31%, anxiety disorders = 1%, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) = 1.64%, conduct disorder = 1.97%, and intellectual disability = 1%. Co-morbid disorders, such as seizure disorder (1%), were also noted. There was a greater prevalence of CAMHD in public schools (11.6%) compared to private schools (0.7%), with p < 0.001. Even when adjusted for other factors, children with CAMHD had a lower average academic score by 10.5 units (p < 0.001). Thus, having a dual diagnosis was most predictive of academic underachievement. Conclusions: The results of this study document the prevalence of CAMHD in Ghana for the first time and shows correlates with academic underachievement. ER  - 
Drug-drug interactions and pharmacists’ interventions among psychiatric patients in outpatient clinics of a teaching hospital in Saudi Arabia$$$ Background: Lack of recognition of labeled drug-drug interactions (DDIs) is a type of medication error of particular relevance to the treatment of psychiatric patients. Pharmacists are in a position to detect and address potential DDIs. Objective: This study aimed to explore pharmacists’ role in the identification and management of DDIs among psychiatric patients in psychiatric outpatient clinics of a university-affiliated tertiary care hospital in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Method: This study was a retrospective, cross-sectional medical chart review of patients visiting outpatient psychiatric clinics. It utilized medical records of patients who were taking any psychotropic medications and were prescribed at least one additional drug. The hospital Computerized Physician Order Entry system was used to identify DDIs and determine the pharmacists’ interventions. The Beers criteria were applied to detect inappropriate prescribing among older patients. Results: On average, the pharmacists intervened in 12 out of 213 (5.6%) cases of major or moderate DDIs. Older age, higher number of prescription medications, the severity of DDIs, and the utilization of lithium and anticoagulants were positively associated with the pharmacist undertaking an action. Conclusion: Future studies should explore the prevalence rate of harmful DDIs among psychiatric patients on a large scale and examine the effectiveness of different pharmacy policies in the detection and management of DDIs. ER  - 
145. Opioid utilization in adult idiopathic scoliosis after multilevel deformity correction: postoperative trends and factors associated with long-term use$$$ BACKGROUND CONTEXT: Opioid therapy is effective in alleviating acute postoperative pain. However, benefits of chronic opioid therapy (COT) is a contentious issue corollary to concerns relating to long-term drug dependence, tolerance and misuse. Patients with adult spinal deformities (ASD) undergoing complex, multilevel fusions often require optimized pain management strategies tailored upon disease progression and the extent of deformity correction. In alignment with a national focus on regulating lenient prescription practices, investigating epidemiological trends and risk factors associated with postoperative consumption in patients with ASD can be beneficial in understanding atypical opioid requirements, guiding practice surveillance, and implementing preventive strategies. PURPOSE: To assess trends in postoperative opioid use in preoperative opioid users (OU) vs opioid-naïve (ON) and identify risk-factors associated with long-term use (at one year) after deformity correction for adult idiopathic scoliosis (IS). STUDY DESIGN/SETTING: Retrospective, observational cohort study. PATIENT SAMPLE: A total of 1,894 adults who underwent primary short (4-8 vertebrae) or long fusions (≥ 9 vertebrae) for IS. OUTCOME MEASURES: Monthly, active postoperative opioid prescription rates up to one year in OUs and ON, and risk factors associated with long-term opioid use after surgical correction. METHODS: A commercial claims dataset (The Humana Inc.) was queried to longitudinally track monthly postoperative opioid use up to a year after surgical correction. Preop active opioid prescription within three months prior to surgery was used as a surrogate marker for defining patients as OUs vs ON (no active prescription). Multivariable regression models identified factors associated with opioid use at one year. RESULTS: A total of 1606 (84.8%) patients underwent deformity correction involving 4-8 vertebral levels vs 288 (15.4%) with long fusions (≥ 9 vertebrae). Of those, 66.8% were OUs. At one month postop, 79.6% OUs vs 54.2% ON had filled an opioid prescription. At the second month, the absolute risk reduction in opioid use was 55% in ONs (24.6% with active prescription) vs <20% in OUs (64.2% with active prescription). At the third postoperative month, rates of active prescription declined significantly to 15.5% in ONs vs 59.3% in OUs, while plateauing at 6-12-months postop (ON:8.7-12.2%; OU:46.9-51.7%). At one year, a significant proportion of OUs had an active prescription vs ON (47.4% vs 11.9%; p<0.001). Preoperative opioid use was a significant driver of an active prescription at one year following short- (OR:5.0; p<0.001) or long-fusion surgery (OR:11.4; p<0.001). Additional risk factors associated with long-term opioid-use after short-fusion correction were chronic lung disease (OR:1.4; p=0.002), history of drug abuse (OR:1.6; p=0.019), and age < 50 years (OR:2.1 p=0.015) whereas smoking (OR:1.1;p=0.029) and seizure disorders (OR:1.6;p=0.048) were attributable factors associated with increased risk after long fusions. CONCLUSIONS: Two-thirds of patients undergoing multilevel deformity correction for adult IS will use opioids prior to surgery. Nonexposure to opioids one-quarter prior to surgery was associated with dramatic risk reduction in postoperative requirements after the third postop month, underscoring the importance of preop opioid tapering protocol. With nearly 50% of OUs having an active prescription at one year following deformity correction, the identified risk factors will serve as an adjunct to preoperative risk stratification and mitigating atypical opioid requirements. FDA DEVICE/DRUG STATUS: This abstract does not discuss or include any applicable devices or drugs. ER  - 
Adult-onset psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A multicenter international study$$$ Purpose: The aim of this multicenter international cross-cultural study was to compare clinical variables in a large sample of people with adult-onset psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: In this retrospective study, we evaluated persons with documented PNES, who were older than 16 years of age at the onset, from four countries (i.e., Iran, Brazil, Venezuela, and Argentina) regarding their age, gender, PNES semiology, and possible predisposing factors. Results: We included 389 patients (244 from Iran, 66 from Brazil, 51 from Venezuela, and 28 from Argentina). Age at diagnosis was 32 ± 9 years (range: 17–64 years), and age at the onset of seizures was 27 ± 8 years (range: 17–49 years). There was a female predominance in all countries. The demographic characteristics and factors associated with PNES were similar among the countries. However, there were significant semiological differences among the countries. Conclusion: This study corroborates the notion that PNES share more similarities than differences cross-culturally and across international borders. However, the background determined by cultural, ethnic, and religious differences may influence the semiology of PNES. Further cross-cultural studies involving more than two continents may advance our understanding of PNES. ER  - 
Self-reported attitudes about medication in Lebanese people with epilepsy$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a common worldwide neurological disorder. For people with epilepsy (PWE), adherence and attitudes towards medication is a crucial step to improve efficacy of prescribed treatment and to prevent seizures. Objectives: The first aim of this study was to evaluate attitudes towards antiepileptic medications in Lebanese population. Secondary aims were to assess factors affecting attitudes and associated with epilepsy control. Material and methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in outpatient neurology clinics located in Beirut-Lebanon. Data were collected using a structured questionnaire. Self-report of medication taking behaviors were assessed using the abbreviated (4 items) Morisky Medication Adherence Scale (MMAS-4). Epilepsy was considered as controlled if the patient had no seizures in the last 6 months. Results: Among 250 PWE recruited in this study, male-to-female ratio was 0.87 (116/134), and 50.8% were married. Mean duration of epilepsy was 13.7 ± 12.8 years. Valproate was the most common antiepileptic drug (AED) used followed by levetiracetam and carbamazepine. About 60.8% of the population presented partial epilepsy. Uncontrolled epilepsy was present in more than half of participants (55.2%), with only 32.4% had positive attitudes to their medication. Positive attitudes towards antiepileptic increased in people who found that their treatment was efficacious (odds ratio (OR) = 4.9; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.2–20.0; p = 0.03), who had controlled epilepsy (OR = 3.4; 95%CI 1.6–7.1; p = 0.001), and who were diagnosed as PWE between the age of 12–20 years (OR = 3.1; 95%CI 1.1–8.4; p = 0.03). Oppositely, these attitudes decreased in participants who felt their treatment as an economic burden (OR = 0.2; 95%CI 0.1–0.4; p ≪ 0.001), and in people with depression (OR = 0.4; 95%CI 0.2–0.9; p = 0.04). Controlled epilepsy was higher in people who contacted a neurologist if seizure occurred, in people with positive attitudes, and after a long duration of disease, but it decreased if patient did not follow neurologist's instructions in fasting period. Conclusions: Lebanese PWE were less likely to have positive attitudes towards medication, which may lead to poor epilepsy control. Depression and economic burden were the major factors that decreased these attitudes. Identifying factors affecting attitudes to medication and leading to controlled epilepsy may help clinicians to elaborate educational programs to optimize medication adherence. ER  - 
Efficacy and impact on cognitive functions and quality of life of perampanel as first add-on therapy in patients with epilepsy: A retrospective study$$$ Cognitive dysfunctions are frequent in patients with epilepsy. This comorbidity significantly alters their quality of life and plays an important role in their therapeutic management. Perampanel is a noncompetitive antagonist of AMPA (α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid) receptors and is considered a new generation AED (antiepileptic drug) with limited impact on cognitive functions.The aims of this study were to evaluate the efficacy of perampanel as first add-on therapy and its impact on cognitive functions and quality of life in patients with epilepsy followed for 6 months at the Neurology Division of “A. Cardarelli” Hospital in Naples (Italy). ER  - 
Comparison of intranasal midazolam versus intravenous lorazepam for seizure termination and prevention of seizure clusters in the adult epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ Objective: The objective of the study was to compare the performance of intravenous (IV) lorazepam (IVL) and intranasal midazolam (INM) for seizure termination and prevention of seizure clusters in adults admitted to the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) in whom seizures were captured on continuous video-electroencephalogram. Methods: Retrospective cohort of consecutive adults (≥ 18 years) with epilepsy admitted to the EMU at a single tertiary academic center, who experienced epileptic seizures (confirmed electroencephalographically) and required rescue therapy. The study spanned from January 2015 until December 2016, which included one year before and one year after transitioning from IVL to INM as the standard rescue therapy at our institution. Results: A total of 50 subjects received rescue therapy and were included in the analysis. In the first year, out of 216 patients with epilepsy admitted to the EMU, 27 (13%) received IVL; in the second year, 23/217 (11%) received INM. There were no differences in baseline characteristics and markers of epilepsy severity, the median duration of index seizure (1.7 min [interquartile range (IQR): 1.1–2.7] in IVL vs. 2.0 min [IQR: 1.5–2.6] in INM group, p = 0.20), or in the number of subjects requiring repeat benzodiazepine administrations (IVL 8/27 [29.6%] vs. INM 7/23 [30.4%], p = 0.95). There were no differences in the median number of recurrent seizures in 24 h (1 [IQR: 1–3] in IVL vs. 2 [IQR: 1–4] in INM, p = 0.27), occurrence of status epilepticus (IVL 4/27 [14.8%] subjects vs. INM 1/23 [4.3%] subjects, p = 0.36), incidence of seizure clusters (IVL 8/27 [29.6%] subjects vs. INM 7/23 [30.4%] subjects, p = 0.95), need for transfer to an intensive care unit (ICU), or other adverse events. Significance: In our retrospective study, INM was comparable with IVL for seizure termination and prevention of seizure clusters in the adult EMU. Intranasal midazolam circumvents the need for IV access to be maintained throughout hospitalization and is an attractive alternative to IVL as a rescue therapy in this setting. Ideally, future large, prospective, randomized, and double blind studies are needed to confirm these findings. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures treated with psychotherapy: Long-term outcome on seizures and healthcare utilization$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are known to be associated with significant costs of healthcare services. Here, we report the impact of psychotherapy on behavior surrounding healthcare utilization and the potential economic benefits associated with long-term seizure control. Methods: This retrospective study describes patients seen between 2010 and 2016 at the epilepsy clinic at Glostrup University Hospital in Denmark and offered a psychotherapeutic treatment program for PNES. Forty-two patients were interviewed about seizure outcome 12–24 months after psychotherapy, and the annual changes in healthcare utilization and associated costs of services provided in a period of 24 months before and up to 24 months after treatment were compared. Results: At 12-month follow-up, 83% of the patients had achieved above 50% reduction in seizures. The 24-month pretreatment costs compared with the 24-month posttreatment costs directly associated with seizures dropped by 95.8%, and total healthcare costs were reduced by 63%. Estimation of annual savings from the program comes to 1060 € per patient. An association was found between seizure rate and number of healthcare contacts. Conclusion: This study adds to the evidence that psychotherapy is a cost-effective way of treating PNES. The economic benefits from this form of intervention appear not only to diminish costs directly associated with PNES, but also healthcare utilization in general. ER  - 
Association between tumor location and neurocognitive functioning using tumor localization maps$$$ Introduction: Patients with diffuse glioma often experience neurocognitive impairment already prior to surgery. Pertinent information on whether damage to a specific brain region due to tumor activity results in neurocognitive impairment or not, is relevant in clinical decision-making, and at the same time renders unique information on brain lesion location and functioning relationships. To examine the impact of tumor location on preoperative neurocognitive functioning (NCF), we performed MRI based lesion-symptom mapping. Methods: Seventy-two patients (mean age 40 years) with a radiologically suspected glioma were recruited preoperatively. For each of the six cognitive domains tested, we used tumor localization maps and voxel-based lesion-symptom mapping analyses to identify cortical and subcortical regions associated with NCF impairment. Results: Compared to healthy controls, preoperative NCF was significantly impaired in all cognitive domains. Most frequently affected were attention (30% of patients) and working memory (20% of patients). Deficits in attention were significantly associated with regions in the left frontal and parietal cortex, including the precentral and parietal-opercular cortex, and in left-sided subcortical fiber tracts, including the arcuate fasciculus and corticospinal tract. Surprisingly, no regions could be related to working memory capacity. For the other neurocognitive domains, impairments were mainly associated with regions in the left hemisphere. Conclusions: Prior to treatment, patients with diffuse glioma in the left hemisphere run the highest risk to have NCF deficits. Identification of a left frontoparietal network involved in NCF not only may optimize surgical procedures but may also be integrated in counseling and cognitive rehabilitation for these patients. ER  - 
Effect of omega-3 plus methylphenidate as an alternative therapy to reduce attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder in children$$$ Background: Attention deficit-hyperactivit y disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common chronic behavioral disorders in school-aged children. Purpose: This study aimed to evaluate the effect of omega-3 supplementation as an alternative therapy for ADHD, which can be caused by vitamin and mineral deficiencies. Methods: This was a double-blinded clinical trial study. Sixty-six children with ADHD (aged 6–12 years) referred to our child and adolescent psychiatric educational and therapeutic clinic were selected based on Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision criteria. Instruments including the Parent ADHD Rating Scale were used to assess ADHD at 0, 2, 4, and 8 weeks during the study. Results: The results showed no statistically significant difference between the methylphenidate with omega-3 group and methylphenidate with placebo group based on the Parents ADHD Rating Scale between week 0 (P≥0.96) and week 8 (P≥0.75). There were no significant intergroup differences between the Inattention (P≥0.48) and hyperactivity/impulsivity (P≥0.80) subscale scores on the Parents ADHD Rating Scale. The most common drug complications in the methylphenidate with placebo and methylphenidate with omega-3 groups were anorexia (27 [54%] vs. 41 [60.29%], respectively) and diarrhea (10 [20%] vs. 8 [11.76%], respectively), but the differences were not statistically significant (P> 0.05). Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that a specific dose of omega-3 for 8 weeks had no effect on ADHD. ER  - 
Self-management for adults with epilepsy: Aggregate Managing Epilepsy Well Network findings on depressive symptoms$$$ Objective: To assess depressive symptom outcomes in a pooled sample of epilepsy self-management randomized controlled trials (RCTs) from the Managing Epilepsy Well (MEW) Network integrated research database (MEW DB). Methods: Five prospective RCTs involving 453 adults with epilepsy compared self-management intervention (n = 232) versus treatment as usual or wait-list control outcomes (n = 221). Depression was assessed with the nine-item Patient Health Questionnaire. Other variables included age, gender, race, ethnicity, education, income, marital status, seizure frequency, and quality of life. Follow-up assessments were collapsed into a visit 2 and a visit 3; these were conducted postbaseline. Results: Mean age was 43.5 years (SD = 12.6), nearly two-thirds were women, and nearly one-third were African American. Baseline sample characteristics were mostly similar in the self-management intervention group versus controls. At follow-up, the self-management group had a significantly greater reduction in depression compared to controls at visit 2 (P <.0001) and visit 3 (P =.0002). Quality of life also significantly improved in the self-management group at visit 2 (P =.001) and visit 3 (P =.005). Significance: Aggregate MEW DB analysis of five RCTs found depressive symptom severity and quality of life significantly improved in individuals randomized to self-management intervention versus controls. Evidence-based epilepsy self-management programs should be made more broadly available in neurology practices. ER  - 
Gender-related differences in semiology of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Introduction: The aim of the study is to detect possible gender-related differences in the semiology of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: One hundred fifty-five patients (male: female=63:92) aged 13 to 67 years, who were diagnosed with PNES by video-monitoring electroencephalogram (EEG) between 2010 and 2017, were included in this retrospective study. Patients were grouped according to their gender. The primary semiological characteristics of PNES for each case were defined, standardized, and categorized by an epileptologist during video-monitoring EEG. The chi-square test and the Fisher exact test were used statistically. Results: An age histogram showed peaks at ages 20 to 23 and at ages 40 to 43, which were more prominent in the female gender. Whereas major motor activity (p=0.032), lateralizing motor activity (p=0.017), and opisthotonic posture and pelvic thrust motion (p=0.017) were significantly related to the male gender, weeping (p<0.001) was significantly related to the female gender. Conclusion: Our study showed that there are some semiological differences between the genders in PNES. In male patients, lateralized motor findings are more prominent and not accompanied by ictal crying in seizures, which may lead to further confusion with epileptic seizures. It is important to know the semiological characteristics for early and accurate diagnosis. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric Sequelae in Adolescents With Acute Synthetic Cannabinoid Toxicity: Anderson SA, Oprescu MA, Callelo D, et al. Pediatrics. 2019$$$144(2):e20182690; Amongst users of synthetic cannabinoids, adolescents make up the largest group that present to the Emergency Department. Compared to tetrahydrocannabinol (cannabinoids), synthetic cannabinoids (SC) have more adverse cardiotoxic and neurotoxic effects, especially in pediatric populations. Patients seek medical attention after SC abuse 30 times more than cannabis. The acute neuropsychiatric toxicities that adolescents experience after SC abuse are poorly understood. The goal of this study was to better characterize the neuropsychiatric toxicities of SC use compared to cannabis. This retrospective cohort study was derived from the Toxicology Investigators Consortium (ToxIC), which is a multicenter registry that includes over 62,000 cases from 65 hospitals, from January 2010 to September 2018. Patients included were aged 13 to 19, had either self-reported or witness-reported use of SC or cannabis, and were all evaluated at bedside by a board certified medical toxicologist. Drug use was not routinely confirmed through bioanalytical testing. Patients were categorized into in one of four subgroups: SC-only exposure, SC and other drug exposure, cannabis only exposure and cannabis and other drug exposure. The primary outcome was the occurrence of neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms, as determined by the toxicologist, which were classified by 6 specific exam findings including agitation, coma and/or central nervous system depression, seizures, hallucinations, delirium and/or psychosis and extrapyramidal signs. Of the 348 patients enrolled in this study, 107 were assigned to the SC-only group, 38 to the SC-polydrug group, 86 to the cannabis-only group, and 117 in the cannabis-polydrug group. Compared to the cannabis-only group, the SC-group had higher odds of CNS depression (OR 3.42; 95% CI 1.51-7.75) and seizures (OR 3.89, 95% CI 1.39-10.94), but lower odds of agitation (OR 0.18; 95% CI 0.10-0.34). The SC-polydrug group had higher odds of agitation (OR 3.11; 95% CI 1.56-7.44) and seizures (OR 4.8; 95% CI 1.80-12.74) compared to cannabis-polydrug exposures. The authors also note that in the SC-polydrug group, sympathomimetic were used in about 1.5 times the rate of cannabis group, while the cannabis-polydrug group use ethanol 3.8 times more than SC-polydrug group. This correlation may explain the higher odds of agitation and seizure in the SC-polydrug group compared to the cannabis-polydrug group. The authors concluded that adolescents with SC exposure have a higher odds of CNS depression and seizures while adolescents with SC with polydrug exposure have a higher odds ratio of agitation and seizures when compared to cannabis groups. These results should raise concern and adolescents need to be educated about the adverse neuropsychiatric effects potentiated by synthetic cannabinoids. Comments: This study highlights the high incidence of neuropsychiatric sequelae of synthetic cannabinoids compared to their natural counterparts. It is important for Emergency Medicine physicians to be familiar with the neuropsychiatric toxidromes in adolescents seeking medical attention after synthetic cannabinoid use including “Spice” and “K2”. In addition, public health awareness of the dangers associated with synthetic cannabinoids use is warranted. ER  - 
Deployment, suicide, and overdose among comorbidity phenotypes following mild traumatic brain injury: A retrospective cohort study from the Chronic Effects of Neurotrauma Consortium$$$ Mild traumatic brain injury in the Veteran population is frequently comorbid with pain, posttraumatic stress disorder, and/or depression. However, not everyone exposed to mild traumatic brain injury experiences these comorbidities and it is unclear what factors contribute to this variability. The objective of this study was to identify comorbidity phenotypes among Post-9/11 deployed Veterans with no or mild traumatic brain injury and examine the association of comorbidity phenotypes with adverse outcomes. We found that Veterans with mild traumatic brain injury (n = 93,003) and no brain injury (n = 434,378) were mean age of 32.0 (SD 9.21) on entering Department of Veterans Health Administration care, were predominantly Caucasian non-Hispanic (64.69%), and served in the Army (61.31%). Latent class analysis revealed five phenotypes in each subcohort; Moderately Healthy and Mental Health phenotypes were common to both. The Healthy phenotype was found only in no brain injury. Unique phenotypes in mild traumatic brain injury included Moderately Healthy+Decline, Polytrauma, and Polytrauma+Improvement. There was substantial variation in adverse outcomes. The Polytrauma+Improvement phenotype had the lowest likelihood of adverse outcomes. There were no differences between Moderately Healthy+Decline and Polytrauma phenotypes. Phenotypes of comorbidity vary significantly by traumatic brain injury status including divergence in phenotypes (and outcomes) over time in the mild traumatic brain injury subcohort. Understanding risk factors for the divergence between Polytrauma vs. Polytrauma+Improvement and Moderately Healthy vs. Moderately Healthy+Decline, will improve our ability to proactively mitigate risk, better understand the early patterns of comorbidity that are associated with neurodegenerative sequelae following mild traumatic brain injury, and plan more patient-centered care. ER  - 
Efficacy of Esketamine Nasal Spray Plus Oral Antidepressant Treatment for Relapse Prevention in Patients with Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Controlled studies have shown short-term efficacy of esketamine for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), but long-term effects remain to be established. Objective: To assess the efficacy of esketamine nasal spray plus an oral antidepressant compared with an oral antidepressant plus placebo nasal spray in delaying relapse of depressive symptoms in patients with TRD in stable remission after an induction and optimization course of esketamine nasal spray plus an oral antidepressant. Design, Setting, and Participants: In this phase 3, multicenter, double-blind, randomized withdrawal study conducted from October 6, 2015, to February 15, 2018, at outpatient referral centers, 705 adults with prospectively confirmed TRD were enrolled; 455 entered the optimization phase and were treated with esketamine nasal spray (56 or 84 mg) plus an oral antidepressant. After 16 weeks of esketamine treatment, 297 who achieved stable remission or stable response entered the randomized withdrawal phase. Interventions: Patients who achieved stable remission and those who achieved stable response (without remission) were randomized 1:1 to continue esketamine nasal spray or discontinue esketamine treatment and switch to placebo nasal spray, with oral antidepressant treatment continued in each group. Main Outcomes and Measures: Time to relapse was examined in patients who achieved stable remission, as assessed using a weighted combination log-rank test. Results: Among the 297 adults (mean age [SD], 46.3 [11.13] years; 197 [66.3%] female) who entered the randomized maintenance phase, 176 achieved stable remission; 24 (26.7%) in the esketamine and antidepressant group and 39 (45.3%) in the antidepressant and placebo group experienced relapse (log-rank P =.003, number needed to treat [NNT], 6). Among the 121 who achieved stable response, 16 (25.8%) in the esketamine and antidepressant group and 34 (57.6%) in the antidepressant and placebo group experienced relapse (log-rank P <.001, NNT, 4). Esketamine and antidepressant treatment decreased the risk of relapse by 51% (hazard ratio [HR], 0.49; 95% CI, 0.29-0.84) among patients who achieved stable remission and 70% (HR, 0.30; 95% CI, 0.16-0.55) among those who achieved stable response compared with antidepressant and placebo treatment. The most common adverse events reported for esketamine-treated patients after randomization were transient dysgeusia, vertigo, dissociation, somnolence, and dizziness (incidence, 20.4%-27.0%), each reported in fewer patients (<7%) treated with an antidepressant and placebo. Conclusions and Relevance: For patients with TRD who experienced remission or response after esketamine treatment, continuation of esketamine nasal spray in addition to oral antidepressant treatment resulted in clinically meaningful superiority in delaying relapse compared with antidepressant plus placebo. ER  - 
Effectiveness of Levetiracetam Monotherapy in Pediatric Patients With Epilepsy$$$ The main objective of this study was to assess the efficacy, safety, and retention rates of levetiracetam monotherapy in children with epilepsy. A retrospective review of pediatric patients receiving levetiracetam monotherapy at 2 large tertiary epilepsy centers over an 11-year period was conducted. One hundred two patients using levetiracetam monotherapy with a mean age of 13.1 years were identified. For the entire cohort, a 6-month retention rate was 61.1% and a 12-month retention rate 53.1%. With regard to seizure freedom, 46.8% of those patients that remained on monotherapy for at least 6 months became seizure free. Twelve-month seizure freedom was reached by 41.2%. About one-third (32.4%) of patients reported adverse effects, with irritability, moodiness, and depression being the most common. Despite a number of patients that reported adverse events, levetiracetam monotherapy was found to be potentially effective in this cohort of children with epilepsy and warrants further, prospective studies. ER  - 
Natural history of PHACE syndrome: A survey of adults with PHACE$$$ Background: Awareness of PHACE syndrome has increased; however, little information exists regarding its natural history, especially in patients over the age of 18. We aim to describe the natural history of PHACE to enhance clinical management and counseling of patients. Methods: A cohort of patients ≥ 18 years was identified through the PHACE Syndrome Registry and a Vascular Anomalies Clinic Database. A cross-sectional survey was designed after a review of the literature by PHACE experts (IF, JP, DS). Questions were selected by consensus, and the survey was conducted using the Qualtrics platform and via in-person interviews. A 75% response rate was found. Results: Eighteen adults—17 females and one transgender male—completed the survey. Respondents ranged in age from 18 to 59, with 24 being the mean age. Eighty-nine percent reported experiencing headaches, and 17% reported experiencing acute but transient symptoms mimicking acute ischemic stroke, later diagnosed as atypical migraines. Thirty-three percent reported hearing loss, and 67% endorsed dental issues. One patient experienced two arterial dissections. Three-fourths who attempted conception were successful, and none of their children had clinical features of PHACE. Because results were based on a retrospective survey, data captured were prone to recall bias and not objective. Results were limited by a small sample size. Conclusions: Health care providers should be aware of a possible increased risk of neurovascular complications, including atypical migraines mimicking transient ischemic attacks and arterial dissection, in adults with PHACE. Heritability has not been demonstrated, and future studies are needed to assess the risk of infertility. ER  - 
Implications of Changing Public Charge Immigration Rules for Children Who Need Medical Care$$$ Importance: In October 2018, the Trump administration published a proposed rule change that would increase the chance of an immigrant being deemed a "public charge" and thereby denied legal permanent residency or entry to the United States. The proposed changes are expected to cause many immigrant parents to disenroll their families from safety-net programs, in large part because of fear and confusion about the rule, even among families to whom the rule does not technically apply. Objective: To simulate the potential harms of the rule change by estimating the number, medical conditions, and care needs of children who are at risk of losing their current benefits, including Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). Design, Setting, and Participants: A cross-sectional study used nationally representative data from 4007 children 17 years of age or younger who participated in the 2015 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey to assess their potential risk of losing benefits because they live with a noncitizen adult. Statistical analysis was conducted from January 3 to April 8, 2019. Main Outcomes and Measures: The number of children at risk of losing benefits; the number of children with medical need, defined as having a potentially serious medical diagnosis; being disabled (or functionally limited); or having received any specific treatment in the past year. The numbers of children who would be disenrolled under likely disenrollment scenarios drawn from research on immigrants before and after the 1996 welfare reform were estimated. Results: A total of 8.3 million children who are currently enrolled in Medicaid and CHIP or receiving SNAP benefits are potentially at risk of disenrollment, of whom 5.5 million have specific medical needs, including 615842 children with asthma, 53728 children with epilepsy, 3658 children with cancer, and 583700 children with disabilities or functional limitations. Nonetheless, among the population potentially at risk of disenrollment, medical need was less common than among other children receiving Medicaid and CHIP or SNAP (64.5%; 95% CI, 61.5%-67.4%; vs 76.0%; 95% CI, 73.9%-78.4%; P <.001). The proposed rule is likely to cause parents to disenroll between 0.8 million and 1.9 million children with specific medical needs from health and nutrition benefits. Conclusions and Relevance: The proposed public charge rule would likely cause millions of children to lose health and nutrition benefits, including many with specific medical needs that, if left untreated, may contribute to child deaths and future disability. ER  - 
Impairment in behavioral sedation in rats during periods of elevated global geomagnetic activity$$$ The influence of the geomagnetic environment on the human organism and other biological entities has been a topic of intense scientific investigation. A large and growing body of evidence has linked elevated geomagnetic activity with effects on an array of neurological, immunological, cardiovascular, and psychological outcomes. For example, elevations in the rates of epileptic seizures, suicides, aggressive behavior, sleep disturbances, and sudden unexpected death from cardiac pathologies have been reported to occur more frequently on days associated with increased geomagnetic activity. Additional evidence also suggests that geomagnetic conditions might have an impact on the biological actions of specific drugs classes that have important implications for pain management, sedation, and seizure control. The present study set out to determine if periods of enhanced geomagnetic activity could influence the induction of behavioral sedation by pentobarbital in rodents undergoing a routine surgical procedure. The surgical records of 250 subjects were retrospectively analyzed, and the occurrence of complete behavioral sedation (e.g., loss of righting reflex, lack of nociceptive response to tail pinch, absence of corneal and conjunctive reflexes) was noted. We found a significant correlation between periods of increased geomagnetic activity and the number of non-responsive surgical patients (i.e., patients still demonstrating behavioral responsiveness after treatment with pentobarbital). These findings provide evidence for the first time that the potential efficacy of some surgical anesthetic compounds might be reduced on days associated with increased geomagnetic activity. Potential mechanisms are presented, and the broad implications of these findings to phenomena such as surgical awareness are discussed. ER  - 
Catatonia in patients with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis$$$ Aim: There is a lack of studies related to the frequency, phenomenology, and associated features of catatonic syndrome in patients with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis (ANMDARE). This study aimed to measure the frequency of catatonia in this condition and to delineate its particular symptoms. Methods: A prospective study was done with all inpatients who fulfilled the criteria of definite ANMDARE admitted to the National Institute of Neurology and Neurosurgery of Mexico from January 2014 to September 2018. The Bush–Francis Catatonia Rating Scale and Braünig Catatonia Rating Scale were administered at admission. Results: Fifty-eight patients were included and catatonia was diagnosed in 41 of these patients (70.6%). Immobility, staring, mutism, and posturing were the most frequent catatonic signs. Catatonia was associated with delirium, hallucinations, psychomotor agitation, generalized electroencephalography dysfunction, and previous use of antipsychotics. Mortality was present in 10% of the total sample; it was associated with status epilepticus, and was less frequent in the catatonia group. After immunotherapy, all cases showed a complete recovery from catatonic signs. Conclusion: This systematic assessment of catatonic syndrome shows that it is a frequent feature in patients with ANMDARE as part of a clinical pattern that includes delirium, psychomotor agitation, and hallucinations. The lack of recognition of this pattern may be a source of diagnostic and therapeutic errors, as most physicians associate catatonia with schizophrenia and affective disorders. ER  - 
How Much Do Benzodiazepines Matter for Electroconvulsive Therapy in Patients with Major Depression?$$$ Background Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective treatments for major depressive disorder (MDD), especially in cases of treatment-resistant MDD. Because of their pharmacological profiles, benzodiazepines (BZDs) are suspected to decrease the efficacy of ECT. This study investigated the effect of BZDs on ECT-induced clinical outcomes and ECT course parameters in patients with MDD. Method The impact of BZDs on severity of depression (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale scores) and on ECT course parameters (seizure threshold, clinical and electroencephalographic seizure duration) was investigated in 70 patients with MDD who received an ECT course using dose-titration method (22 received concomitant BZDs). Results Lower remission rates (52.0%) and smaller decreases in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale scores were observed in the non-BZD group than in the BZD group (81.2%, P = 0.02). There were no significant differences between the 2 groups regarding seizure duration and seizure threshold. Limitations This was a retrospective study. Impact of BZDs on anxiety and cognition was not assessed. Conclusions Benzodiazepines increased the clinical efficacy of ECT when delivered using dose-titration method and bitemporal stimulation. Further studied are needed to understand the interaction between BZDs and ECT on clinical outcomes. ER  - 
A prospective observational study on psychotropic drug use in non psychiatric wards$$$ Background: Psychotropic medications are the first line for the management of psychiatric illnesses; in addition, they are also being used in an off-labeled manner. Inappropriate prescribing of psychotropic medications either can cause serious harm or may be of no benefit to the patients. However, there is a dearth of information on the pattern of psychotropic drug use in the nonpsychiatry wards. Aim: The aim of this study is to assess the use of psychotropic drugs in general medicine and surgical wards of a teaching hospital. Materials and Methods: An observational study was conducted in the general medicine and surgical wards of a university teaching hospital over 6 months. Patients admitted to the medicine and surgical ward were observed for a prescription of psychotropic medications. Once they were prescribed with a psychotropic medication, the patients were included in the study and were followed until discharge. All the necessary information such as dose, route, class of psychotropic and prescriber's status were documented and analyzed. Results: A total of 322 patients were prescribed with 452 psychotropic medications. The average number of psychotropic per patient was 1.40 ± 0.76 (range: 1-4). The rate of psychotropic medications prescription in the nonpsychiatric ward is 10.73%. Alcohol dependence syndrome (n = 90 [26.71%]) and pain (n = 43 [43.87%]) were the observed psychiatric and nonpsychiatric indications. The frequently prescribed psychotropic classes were benzodiazepines (n = 165 [36.50%]) and antidepressants (n = 144 [31.86%]). Nonpsychiatrists (n = 250 [55.3%]) were the common prescribers and benzodiazepines (n = 124 [27.43%]) were the preferred class for nonpsychiatrist, whereas psychiatrist prescribed different class of psychotropic drugs. Conclusion: This study emphasizes that nonpsychiatrist irrespective of their specialty prescribed psychotropic medication for psychiatric and nonpsychiatric indications. ER  - 
Suicide and Traumatic Brain Injury among Individuals Seeking Veterans Health Administration Services between Fiscal Years 2006 and 2015$$$ Objective: Examine associations between traumatic brain injury (TBI) and (1) suicide and (2) suicide method among individuals receiving Veterans Health Administration (VHA) care. Setting: VHA, Fiscal Years 2006-2015. Participants: Veterans with a TBI diagnosis during/prior to the study window (n = 215 610), compared with a 20% random sample of those without TBI (n = 1 187 639). Design: Retrospective, cohort study. Cox proportional hazards models were fit accounting for time-dependent measures, chronic conditions, and demographics for those with TBI compared with those without. Additional models evaluated the impact of TBI severity on the association between TBI and suicide, and method. Main Outcome Measures: Death by and method of suicide. Results: The hazard of suicide was 2.19 times higher for those with TBI than for those without TBI (95% CI = 2.02-2.37), and was still significant after accounting for covariates (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.71; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.56-1.87). Considering severity, mild TBI compared with no TBI was significantly associated with an elevated hazard of suicide, after adjusting for covariates (HR = 1.62; 95% CI = 1.47-1.78). There was also a significant difference in death by suicide between moderate/severe TBI when compared with no TBI, after adjusting for covariates (HR = 2.45; 95% CI = 2.02-2.97). Moderate/severe TBI was significantly associated with an increase in the odds of suicide by firearm among decedents (odds ratio = 2.39; 95% CI = 1.48-3.87). Conclusion: Traumatic brain injury is associated with an elevated risk for suicide. Particular concern is warranted for those with moderate/severe TBI. Lethal means safety should be explored as an intervention. ER  - 
Remote Assessment of Disease and Relapse in central nervous system disorders (RADAR CNS): Monitoring disability and fatigue in multiple sclerosis$$$ Introduction: There is a growing body of literature highlighting the role that wearable and mobile remote measurement technology (RMT) can play in multiple sclerosis (MS). This study forms part of the EU Innovative Medicines Initiative project: Remote Assessment of Disease and Relapse in the CNS (RADAR-CNS), a pan-European consortium, uniting experts in clinical research, engineering and computer science, with the ambition to improve the management of major depressive disorder, epilepsy and MS through use of wearable devices and smartphone technology. Methods: The MS workpackage is a multicenter study with two prospective projects. Project 1 has the aim to assess the impact of MS diagnosis on a patient's emotional state. Project 2 aims to monitoring a patient's sleep quality, mobility, balance and cardiovascular autonomic function in order to detect predictors of relapses and of disability progression. Results: About 600 MS patients will be longitudinally followed for 2 years in 3 European MS centers: Milan San Raffaele, Barcelona Vall d'Hebron and Copenhagen Rigshospitalet. Prospective RMT will include both passive and active strategies. Data provided by RMT will be compared with a set of clinical variables, including disability, fatigue, cognitive, affective and locomotor measures collected at regular visits every 3 months. Ten and 135 patients have been recruited so far for project 1 and project 2 respectively. Methodology and baseline characteristics of the population will be presented. Conclusions: Remote monitoring of MS patients in ecological condition may give us a more comprehensive view of a person's condition that could be fundamental to understand the evolution of the disease and response to treatments. ER  - 
Risk of comorbidity in patients with multiple sclerosis: A nationwide cohort study in Sweden$$$ Introduction: Substantial progress in the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS) has been made since the 1990s. However, the presence of comorbidity and the impact of treatment are less defined. Here we determined rates of comorbidity before and after MS diagnosis as compared with a matched MS-free population. Methods: A national incident MS cohort diagnosed in 2008-2016 was identified in the Swedish National Patient Register with data further linked to the national Prescribed Drug Register and Cause of Death Register. In addition, a sub-cohort of MS patients was identified in the electronic medical records (EMR) of the Karolinska University Hospital. MS patients were matched with and compared to 10 MS-free individuals by age, sex, and region of residence. Incidence rates (IR) per 10,000 person-years and incidence rate ratios (IRR) of comorbidities were calculated after MS diagnosis. Results: In total, 6,602 MS patients were identified in the national cohort and were compared with 61,828 MS-free controls (female, 69%; median age, 40 years), while a sub-cohort from one hospital of 1,289 patients had a MS diagnosis recorded in EMR and was compared with 11,721 individuals without MS (female, 68%; median age, 37 years). The national MS cohort had higher proportions before MS diagnosis compared with MS-free controls of autoimmune disease (1.3% vs 0.7%), bladder dysfunction (1.2% vs 0.2%), retinal disorders (2.4% vs 1.2%) and epilepsy (1.5% vs 0.8%). Similar patterns were observed for the single-hospital cohort, except for epilepsy. Bipolar disorder was more common among single-hospital MS patients (1.6% vs 0.7%). After MS diagnosis, patients in the national cohort had higher IR compared with MS-free controls of autoimmune disease (IRR 3.60; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.88-4.51), bladder dysfunction (IRR 47.44; 95% CI, 36.81-61.14) and epilepsy (IRR 2.36; 95% CI, 1.75-3.17). Similar patterns were observed in the singlehospital cohort. Toxic liver disease was higher (IRR 3.51; 95% CI 1.37-8.98) in the MS cohort in the national cohort only, while bipolar disorder was higher only in the single-hospital cohort (IRR 1.88; 95% CI 1.10-3.22). Conclusions: Before a diagnosis of MS, patients already displayed an increased rate of comorbidity compared with MS-free controls. After diagnosis, patients with MS continued to display increased risk of several comorbidities, some of which may be explained by surveillance bias due to more frequent contact with healthcare. ER  - 
Neurological symptoms in Gaucher disease type 1: A retrospective analysis of the Vienna adult cohort$$$ Background: Gaucher disease (GD) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder caused by deficiency of glucocerebrosidase. Although classically known as non-neuronopathic form, patients with GD type 1 may develop neurologic symptoms as well. The prevalence of paraesthesia, polyneuropathy, fatigue, depression or even parkinsonism varies between populations and shows poor phenotype-genotype correlation. Methods: We investigated retrospectively (2008-2018) the prevalence of neurological symptoms attributed to peripheral (PNS; paraesthesia or polyneuropathy) and central nervous system (CNS; fatigue, depression and parkinsonism) in 16 patients with GD type 1 treated at the Medical University of Vienna. All patients are routinely examined yearly by a neurologist experienced in movement disorders. Results: We noted neurological symptoms in 12/16 patients (75%): 8/16 with symptoms affecting CNS (50%) and 25% affecting PNS. The most frequent CNS symptom was fatigue (75% of all patients) followed by depression (62% of all patients). Two patients had parkinsonism: one patient with Hoehn & Yahr stage 1 (54y, p.Arg159Trp/p.Asn409Ser) and the other one (54y, p.Arg159Gln/p.Met400Arg) with Hoehn & Yahr stage 3. However, the shared mutation affecting arginin at the position 159 was observed in two further patients without parkinsonism as well (age 71 and 79). One patient developed epileptic seizures and died from severe encephalopathy of unknown reason. Two patients showed axonal polyneuropathy in nerve conduction test; one of them exhibited symmetrical affection of femoral nerves as well. Discussion: We noted high prevalence of neurologic symptoms in our cohort, probably due to intensive patient care in our unit. The majority of our patients showed predominance of symptoms affecting either CNS or PNS or both combined. Interestingly, we noted parkinsonism in two patients with uncommon mutations affecting Arg159. ER  - 
Clinical profile of patients with anti N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis in India$$$ Introduction: Anti N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis is a potentially treatable encephalitis of autoimmune origin. Indian data on anti-NMDAR encephalitis is limited. Aims: The aim was to study the clinical profile of patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis in India. Materials and Methods: 9 patients with symptoms compatible with anti-NMDAR encephalitis who tested positive for anti NMDA-receptor antibody in their cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) were enrolled in the study from January, 2018 to June, 2019. Relevant data including their clinical features, CSF findings, findings of contrast enhanced MRI of brain and electroencephalography (EEG) as well as the treatment received were noted. All the patients underwent radiological screening for teratoma by contrast enhanced CT scan of abdomen. Results: The mean age of the patients studied was 16.3 years (Range: 3-28 years) with a female preponderance (66.7%). 4 patients (44.4%) had fever at onset. All our patients excepting one had drug refractory motor seizures; of which 6 (66.7%) were noted to have a definite focal onset. 5 patients (55.6%) had psychotic symptoms; of which 4 (44.4%) had formed visual hallucinations. All our patients had some behavioral disturbance during the disease course. In fact, 4 of our patients (44.4%) initially went to psychiatrists for evaluation. 5 patients (55.6%) had abnormal involuntary movements; 4 patients (44.4%) had dystonia. 3 of our patients (33.3%) had catatonia. Only 3 patients (33.3%) had an abnormal brain MRI in the form of T2/FLAIR hyperintensities in the brain parenchyma; none had contrast enhancement. CSF study was normal in 5 of our patients (55.6%). Increased CSF protein was found in 4 patients (44.4%); CSF pleocytosis in 3 patients (33.3%). CSF protein in the study population ranged from 23-110 mg/dl whereas cells in the CSF ranged from 1-30/ cu.mm. Serum samples of 3 of our patients (33.3%) were negative for anti- NMDAR antibody by Indirect Immunofluorescence method, although their undiluted CSF samples tested positive by the same method. 7 of our patents (77.8%) had background slowing in EEG; 2 had delta brush; 2 had focal epileptiform discharges. Only one patient was found to have an ovarian teratoma. All patients received first-line therapy (intravenous pulse methylprednisolone, Intravenous Immunoglobulin or plasmapheresis). 5 patients (55.6%) were treated with secondline therapy (Rituximab). 1 patient, who was not responding to Rituximab, was treated with Tocilizumab. Conclusion: New onset psychiatric symptoms, drug refractory focal onset seizure or abnormal involuntary movement in a young female or child should raise the suspicion of anti-NMDAR encephalitis which may often have a normal CSF and MRI of brain. ER  - 
Characteristic of epilepsy in an improvised cohort: Population based study$$$ There are about 50 million diagnosed cases of epilepsy worldwide, of which 40 million live in low- and middleincome countries (LMICs). We undertook a population-based survey to identify people with epilepsy in a resource-limited, impoverished community in India. We also surveyed drug resistant epilepsy, existing medical and/or psychiatric co morbidities in this population. Methods: Community Interventions For Epilepsy is population-based initiative to provide care for people with epilepsy through primary and community health workers. A cluster-randomized controlled trial with support from ICMR is underway. A populationbased survey was conducted in two-step: (1) door to door screening for epilepsy (n=55,953). People screened positive in first step (n=556) underwent evaluation by neurologist with EEG and MRI (234;125). People screened negative for epilepsy (NES, single seizures, syncope) were excluded (n=96). People who did not show up for step 2 of evaluation were also excluded (n=67). Community was divided into 9 zones, (2-3 clusters per zone) and total eligible patients (n = 254) from 24 clusters were enrolled. These subjects were followed up for 12-19 months. We undertook to describe socio-demographic features of this cohort, to characterize seizure types and epilepsy syndromes (2017 ILAE classification). We also used current ILAE criteria (2010) to label among this cohort, those with DRE. Finally, we used a previously used inventory to associate various medical and psychiatric comorbidities with each of cases (2009). Those with febrile seizures, neonatal seizures, single seizures and acute symptomatic seizures were excluded. Results: A total of 254 people with epilepsy out of 55,953 surveyed were included. Mean age 25.78 (+/- 15.21) years with 170 (67%) males. Duration of epilepsy varied between 16 and 742 months (median:132 months). The seizure types, syndromes and etiological conditions will be described. Epilepsy was labelled as controlled in 97 patients (38.18%) and fulfilled criteria for drug-resistance in 79 (31.10%). Drugresistance/ control could not be determined in 78 (30.70%). Psychiatric Co Morbities were: developmental delay of varying degrees in 20 (7.87%), depression in 13 (5.11%), alcohol abuse in 7 (2.75%), other drug abuse in (7; 2.75%); tobacco use 4 (1.5%) and 4(1.5%) people had suicidal ideations. Amongst other psychiatric conditions found in this population were dementia, ADHD, behavioral disorders, interictal psychosis, and sleep disturbances. Neurological disorders were also common: perinatal insult (n=25; 9.84%), neurocysticercosis (n=24; 9.44%), traumatic brain injury (n=19; 7.4%), hemiplegia (n=6,2.36%) and migraine (n=2,0.78%). Others seen in this population -dermatological conditions 8 (3.54%), GIT infections 7 (2.75%), tuberculosis (n=5,1.96%), menstrual problems 4 (1.57%), dengue 3 (1.8%), and chest infections (0.78%) amongst others. Six people in cohort experienced status epilepticus during the follow-up period. Conclusions: A large proportion of people in this cohort had DRE. The large numbers with various psychiatric, neurological and medical comorbidities mean that these conditions must be included in any programs directed towards control of epilepsy in LMICs. ER  - 
No modulation of pupil size and event-related pupil response by transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS)$$$ Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) bears therapeutic potential for a wide range of medical conditions. However, previous studies have found substantial interindividual variability in responsiveness to taVNS, and no reliable predictive biomarker for stimulation success has been developed so far. In this study, we investigate pupil size and event-related pupil response as candidate biomarkers. Both measures have a direct physiological link to the activity of the locus coeruleus (LC), a brainstem structure and the main source of norepinephrine in the brain. LC activation is considered one of the key mechanisms of action of taVNS, therefore, we expected a clear increase of the pupillary measures under taVNS compared to sham (placebo) stimulation, such that it could serve as a prospective predictor for individual clinical and physiological taVNS effects in future studies. We studied resting pupil size and pupillary responses to target stimuli in an auditory oddball task in 33 healthy young volunteers. We observed stronger pupil responses to target than to standard stimuli. However, and contrary to our hypothesis, neither pupil size nor the event-related pupil response nor behavioral performance were modulated by taVNS. We discuss potential explanations for this negative finding and its implications for future clinical investigation and development of taVNS. ER  - 
Prevalence of Mental Disorders in Nepal: Findings from the Pilot Study$$$ BACKGROUND: The global prevalence of mental disorders is high and has an increasing trend. In Nepal, there is dearth in literature on prevalence of mental disorders based on national representative sample. In this study, we aim to present the findings on the prevalence of mental disorders from the pilot study of National Mental Health Survey, Nepal. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 1647 participants aged 13 years and above in three districts of Nepal: Dhanusha, Bhaktapur and Dolakha each representing three ecological regions. Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI) standard version 7.0.2 for DSM-5 was used for adults (aged 18 years and above), and kid version of the same tool was used for children (aged 13-17 years) in Nepali language. Separate sets of questions were added for epilepsy and dissociative conversion disorder that were not in the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview tool. Prevalence of assessed mental disorders was reported separately for adults and children. RESULTS: The current prevalence of mental disorders among adults and children were 13.2% and 11.2% respectively. Substance use disorder, dissociative conversion disorder, major depressive disorder, alcohol use disorder and psychotic disorder were common among adults. Similarly, psychotic disorder, agoraphobia, major depressive disorder, and anxiety disorders were common among children. Current suicidality was present among 10.9% adults and 8.7% children. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings from the pilot study have given insight into the prevalence of different mental disorders in the survey areas. These findings can be utilized for planning the National Mental Health Survey, Nepal. ER  - 
Seizures in tramadol overdoses reported in the ToxIC registry: predisposing factors and the role of naloxone$$$ Importance: Tramadol prescriptions have increased as fewer schedule II and III drugs are prescribed. There has been a concomitant increase in overdoses and adverse events recorded in the National Poison Data System. Seizure activity after tramadol overdose or therapeutic use is a well-documented adverse event. The primary objective is to evaluate the characteristics associated with seizures following single agent tramadol ingestion. Secondarily we aim to compare the rate of seizures in individuals treated, and not treated, with naloxone. Methods: We searched the Toxicology Investigators Consortium data registry for all cases of single agent tramadol ingestions from 01/01/2014 through 12/31/2017. Descriptive statistics were used to evaluate characteristics associated with increased risk of seizures. Binary logistic regressions were used to evaluate the associations between seizures and age, race, acuity, intent, toxidromes, symptoms, and treatments. Results: There were 80 single ingestion tramadol cases entered into the registry. Seizures developed in 42 (52.5%) patients. Asian patients (OR = 7.2, 95% CI: 1.9–27.3, p =.004) and patients abusing or misusing tramadol (OR = 3.2, 95% CI: 1.2–8.3, p =.02) more likely to develop seizures. Patients exhibiting an opioid toxidrome were significantly less likely to develop seizures (OR = 0.12, 95% CI: 0.03–0.60). Ingestion of tramadol as a means of self-harm and age were not associated with an increased risk of seizures. There was no significant association between naloxone administration and seizures (OR = 0.30, 95% CI 0.07–1.25). Conclusions: Based on data from the ToxIC registry, tramadol induced seizures are more likely in Asian patients and those abusing or misusing the medication. There was no association found between the development of seizures and the use of naloxone. ER  - 
Epidemiology, clinical features and management of patients presenting to European emergency departments with acute cocaine toxicity: comparison between powder cocaine and crack cocaine cases$$$ Objective: To analyse the epidemiology, clinical picture and emergency department (ED) management of a large series of patients who presented to European EDs after cocaine consumption, comparing data from powder (C1 group) and crack (C2 group) consumers. Methods: Between October 2013 and December 2016, the Euro-DEN Plus Registry recorded 17,371 consecutive acute recreational drug toxicity presentations to 22 EDs in 14 European countries. Epidemiological and demographic data, co-ingestion of alcohol and other drugs, clinical features, ED management and outcome (death) were analysed for cocaine cases, and comparison of clinical picture in C1 and C2 patients were performed adjusting for alcohol and other drug co-ingestion. Results: We included 3002 cases (C1: 2600; C2: 376; mixed consumption: 26): mean age 32(9) years, 23% female. The proportion of presentations involving cocaine varied significantly between countries (>30% in Malta, Spain, France, Denmark) and only centres in France, United Kingdom, Poland, Ireland and Malta recorded crack-related cases. Cocaine was frequently used with ethanol (74.3%, C1>C2) and other drugs (56.8%, C2>C1), the most frequent amphetamine (19.4%, C1>C2) and opioids (18.9%, C2>C1). C2 patients were more likely to have clinically significant episodes of hypotension (adjusted OR = 2.35; 95%CI = 1.42–3.89), and bradypnea (1.81; 1.03–3.16) and systolic blood pressure >180 mmHg on ED arrival (2.59; 1.28–5.25); while less likely anxiety (0.51; 0.38–0.70), chest pain (0.47; 0.31–0.70), palpitations (0.57; 0.38–0.84), vomiting (0.54; 0.32–0.90), and tachycardia on ED arrival (0.52; 0.39–0.67). Sedative drugs were given in 29.3%. The median length of hospital stay was 4:02 h, 22.1% patients were hospitalized, and 0.4% (n = 12) died. Conclusion: Cocaine is commonly involved in European ED presentations with acute recreational drug toxicity, but there is variation across Europe not just in the involvement of cocaine but in the proportion related to powder versus crack. Some differences in clinical picture and ED management exist between powder cocaine and crack consumers. ER  - 
Sleep phenotypes in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder$$$ Objective: A case-control study was performed to test the hypothesis that children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have chronic sleep deprivation and may be classified into specific sleep-related phenotypes. Methods: Thirty outpatients with ADHD (nine females, mean age 10.1 ± 2.1 years) were recruited consecutively, and given a comprehensive sleep assessment, including blood exams, sleep questionnaires, laboratory video-polysomnographic recordings (v-PSG), multiple sleep latency tests, and one-week actigraphy. The PSG parameters were compared to those of 25 age-matched controls (12 females, mean age 10.34 ± 1.54 years) who underwent only the v-PSG. Results: ADHD children were classified as follows: a narcolepsy-like phenotype was found in four; delayed sleep onset insomnia in five; obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in 15; periodic limb movements in eight, and sleep epileptiform discharges in 10 children. All subjects had a total sleep time shorter than 9 h at actigraphy, ferritin levels lower than 60 mcg/L, and a history of sleep problems (mainly OSA and insomnia). Compared to controls, the ADHD group had a higher apnea-hypopnea index at PSG. Conclusions: A full sleep assessment in children with ADHD confirmed the validity of the sleep phenotypes hypothesis, and revealed a much higher percentage of sleep problems than that found in the literature. Beyond the sleep phenotypes, all children reported a history of sleep problems and slept less than 9 h per night, indicating chronic sleep deprivation that should be evaluated as a possible unifying marker of ADHD. ER  - 
Migraine comorbidity and cognitive performance in patients with focal epilepsy$$$ Background: Migraine and epilepsy are comorbid conditions. While it is well known that epilepsy can have an impact on cognitive abilities, there is conflicting evidence in the literature on the relationship between migraine and cognitive function. The aim of this study was to assess whether migraine comorbidity in patients with newly diagnosed focal epilepsy is associated with cognitive dysfunction. Methods: This is a post hoc analysis of data prospectively collected for the Human Epilepsy Project (HEP). There were 349 participants screened for migraine with the 13 questions used in the American Migraine Prevalence and Prevention (AMPP) study. Participants were also screened for depression using the Neurological Disorder Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) and the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D) and for anxiety using the Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) scale. Cognitive performance was assessed with the Cogstate Brief Battery and Aldenkamp–Baker Neuropsychological Assessment Schedule (ABNAS). Results: About a fifth (21.2%) of patients with a new diagnosis of focal epilepsy screened positive for migraine. There were more women and less participants employed full time among the participants with comorbid migraine. They reported slightly more depressive and anxious symptoms than the participants without migraine. Migraine comorbidity was associated with ABNAS memory score (median: 2, range: 0–12, Mann Whitney U p-value: 0.015). However, migraine comorbidity was not associated with Cogstate scores nor ABNAS total scores or other ABNAS domain scores. In linear regressions, depression and anxiety scores were associated with the ABNAS memory score. Conclusion: In this study, there was no association between migraine comorbidity and objective cognitive scores in patients with newly diagnosed focal epilepsy. The relationship between migraine comorbidity and subjective memory deficits seemed to be mediated by the higher prevalence of depression and anxiety symptoms in patients with epilepsy with comorbid migraine. ER  - 
Personality patterns of people with medically refractory epilepsy – Does the epileptogenic zone matter?$$$ Objectives: The aims of this study were to determine the rate of dysfunctional personality patterns before and after epilepsy surgery, their types, and the importance of the epileptogenic zone in a sample of people with refractory epilepsy. Methods: We conducted an ambispective observational study, including refractory epilepsy surgery candidates. Demographic, psychiatric, and neurological data were recorded. Evaluation of personality was made using the Millon Clinical Multiaxial Inventory-II (MCMI-II). Presurgical predictors of personality patterns were determined using a linear regression model. The proportion of patients with dysfunctional personality patterns, before and after surgery, was compared using the Mcnemar's test. Then a generalized estimating equation model was performed to include predictors of changes in this rate. Results: One hundred and ninety-nine participants were included. Seventy percent had a dysfunctional personality pattern before surgery. After surgery, this percentage dropped to 58%. The difference was statistically significant after adjusting for potential confounders (p = 0.013). The most common types were Cluster C personality patterns. Temporal epileptogenic zone was a significant predictor of higher scores of the Avoidant (Coef. 11.8; Confidence Interval (CI) − 0.59 23.7; p = 0.051) and Compulsive (Coef. 9.55; CI 2.48 16.6; p = 0.008) personality patterns and lower scores of Histrionic (Coef. − 11.4; CI − 21.2 − 1.55; p = 0.024) and Antisocial (Coef. − 8.4; CI − 15.6 − 1.25; p = 0.022) personality patterns, compared to extratemporal epileptogenic zone. Conclusion: People with refractory epilepsy have high rates of dysfunctional personality patterns. These patterns differ according to the epileptogenic zone. ER  - 
Why is psychogenic nonepileptic seizure diagnosis missed? A retrospective study$$$ Purpose: The aim of this retrospective study was to scrutinize factors that are associated with a delay in making the diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: In this study, patients with PNES, who were investigated at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center, Iran, from 2008 to 2019, were studied. We categorized the patients into the following: 1. those with a definite diagnosis of PNES in less than a year since the onset of their attacks; 2. those with a definite diagnosis of PNES later than 10 years since the onset of their attacks. Results: During the study period, 330 patients were recorded. In 98 patients (30%), the diagnosis of PNES was made in less than a year since their seizure onset. In 67 patients (20%), the diagnosis of PNES was made later than 10 years since their seizure onset. Taking antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) (odds ratio (OR) = 6) and a history of ictal injury (OR = 3.6) had a positive association, and age at the onset (OR = 0.8) had an inverse association with a delay in receiving a definite diagnosis of PNES (p = 0.0001). Conclusion: Some demographic variables (i.e., early age at the onset of seizures), patients' clinical variables (i.e., severe seizure manifestations such as ictal injury), and finally, some physician-related variables (i.e., prescribing AEDs) have significant associations with a delay in making a definite diagnosis of PNES. ER  - 
Sex differences in demographic and clinical characteristics of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A retrospective multicenter international study$$$ Purpose: Sex-related differences have been reported in patients with neurological and psychiatric disorders. It is also plausible to assume that there might be differences between females and males with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: In this retrospective study, we investigated patients with PNES, who were admitted to the epilepsy monitoring units at centers in Iran, the USA, Canada, Brazil, Argentina, and Venezuela. Age, sex, age at seizure onset, seizure semiology, factors potentially predisposing to PNES, and video-electroencephalography recording of all patients were registered routinely. Results: Four hundred and fifty-one patients had PNES-only and were eligible for inclusion; 305 patients (67.6%) were females. We executed a logistic regression analysis, evaluating significant variables in univariate analyses (i.e., age, age at onset, aura, presence of historical sexual or physical abuse, and family dysfunction). The only variables retaining significance were historical sexual abuse (p = 0.005) and presence of aura (p = 0.01); physical abuse was borderline significant (p = 0.05) (all three were more prevalent among females). Conclusion: Similarities between females and males outweigh the differences with regard to the demographic and clinical characteristics of PNES. However, notable differences are that females more often report lifetime adverse experiences (sexual and probably physical abuse) and auras. While social, psychological, and genetic factors may interact with lifetime adverse experiences in the inception of PNES, the link is not yet clear. This is an interesting avenue for future studies. ER  - 
Increased frequency of psychosis after second-generation antiepileptic drug administration in adults with focal epilepsy$$$ Objective: Many studies show psychoses after some antiepileptic drug (AED) administrations (post-AED administration psychoses [PAP]). It remains uncertain about psychogenetic potential of each AED and effects of clinical state factors on PAP. We examined the relations between AED-related factors (types, generations, dosages, and concomitant AED) and PAP. Methods: The clinical records of patients with focal epilepsy were retrospectively reviewed from eight adult epilepsy clinics, for every six-month period after administration of a new drug (either AED or non-AED) between 1981 and 2015. Characteristics of psychotic episodes, AED-related factors (type, daily dosage, and concomitant AED), and other state-related risk factors to psychosis (age, duration of epilepsy, history of psychosis, and seizure frequency) were examined. Psychogenetic risks of AED-related and state-related factors were analyzed with multifactorial procedures. Results: Of 2067 patients with focal epilepsy, 5018 new drugs (4402 AEDs and 616 non-AEDs) were administered. Within the first six-month period, 89 patients exhibited 105 psychotic episodes (81 interictal and 24 postictal psychoses: 55 first episodes and 50 recurrences). With second-generation AED (SAED) administration, particularly topiramate and lamotrigine, frequency of psychosis was significantly increased. Daily dosage of AED was not significantly associated with psychosis. Psychosis tended to occur with a higher number of concomitant AED. Subsequent analysis with AED-related and general factors showed that SAED administrations and previous psychotic history were the most significant risks for PAP. Conclusion: Post-AED administration psychoses is associated with type of AED (SAED), rather than its dosage. Individual vulnerabilities are also associated with PAP. ER  - 
Dissociation and other clinical phenomena in youth with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) compared to youth with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To compare youth with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) to youth with epilepsy on demographic and clinical features and the Trauma Symptom Checklist for Children (TSCC). Method: A retrospective study of 31 patients; 15 patients with PNES (11 females) and 16 patients with epilepsy (8 females) collected consecutively between 2014–2018. Demographic and clinical information (age of seizure onset, life adversities, individual/family psychiatric history, etc.) were gathered. Scales from the TSCC (Dissociation, Depression, Anxiety) were analyzed. Results: Eleven of the youth with PNES (YPNES) (73%) were female, mean age was 14.3 ± 1.6 years and years of education were 9 ± 1.9. Eight of the youth with epilepsy (YWE) (50%) were females, mean age was 11.9 ± 2.8 years and years of education were 5.6 ± 2.9. All 15 YPNES and over half of their families had comorbid psychological problems whilst rates of personal and family psychiatric histories were much lower in YWE. Well over half of YPNES reported experiencing life adversities while one fourth of YWE reported these types of experiences. Significant differences were observed between YPNES and YWE on TSCC Overt Dissociation (p < 0.003), Dissociation (p < 0.009), and Depression (p < 0.001) scales, with YWE producing lower scores. When the six target variables were condensed into one principal component, the global TSCC score was lower in the epilepsy group, even after adjusting for potential effects age, seizure frequency and intellectual quotient. Conclusions: The current study's results indicate that YPNES present with comparably higher self-reported symptoms of depression and dissociation than YWE. ER  - 
Assessment of a home-based standing frame programme in people with progressive multiple sclerosis (SUMS): a pragmatic, multi-centre, randomised, controlled trial and cost-effectiveness analysis$$$ Background: People severely impaired with progressive multiple sclerosis spend much of their day sitting, with very few options to improve motor function. As a result, secondary physical and psychosocial complications can occur. Effective and feasible self-management strategies are needed to reduce sedentary behaviour and enhance motor function. In this study, we aimed to assess the clinical and cost effectiveness of a home-based, self-managed, standing frame programme. Methods: SUMS was a pragmatic, multicentre, randomised controlled superiority trial of people with progressive multiple sclerosis and severe mobility impairment, undertaken in eight centres from two regions in the UK. The study had assessor-blinded outcome assessments with use of clinician-rated and patient-rated measures at baseline, 20 weeks, and 36 weeks. After baseline assessment, participants were randomised (1:1) by computer-generated assignment to either a standing frame programme plus usual care or usual care alone. The intervention consisted of two home-based physiotherapy sessions (60 min each) to set up the standing frame programme, supported by six follow-up telephone calls (15 min per call). Participants were asked to stand for 30 min, three times per week over 20 weeks, and encouraged to continue in the longer term, although no further physiotherapy support was provided. The primary clinical outcome was motor function measured by the Amended Motor Club Assessment (AMCA) score at week 36, analysed in the modified intention-to-treat population (excluding only patients who were deemed ineligible after randomisation, those who withdrew from the trial and were unwilling for their previously collected data to be used, or those who did not provide baseline and week 36 measurements). A 9-point AMCA score change was considered clinically meaningful a priori. Adverse events were collected through a daily preformatted patient diary throughout the 36 weeks and analysed in the modified intention-to-treat population. An economic assessment established the resources required to provide the standing frame programme, estimated intervention costs, and estimate cost effectiveness. This trial is registered with the International Standard Randomised Controlled Trials, number ISRCTN69614598. Findings: Between Sept 16, 2015, and April 28, 2017, 285 people with progressive multiple sclerosis were screened for eligibility, and 140 were randomly assigned to either the standing frame group (n=71) or the usual care group (n=69). Of these, 122 completed the primary outcome assessment (61 participants in both groups) for the modified intention-to-treat analysis. The use of the standing frame resulted in a significant increase in AMCA score compared with that for usual care alone, with a fully adjusted between-group difference in AMCA score at 36 weeks of 4·7 points (95% CI 1·9–7·5; p=0·0014). For adverse events collected through patient diaries, we observed a disparity between the two groups in the frequency of short-term musculoskeletal pain (486 [41%] of 1188 adverse events in the standing frame group vs 160 [22%] of 736 adverse events in the usual care group), which was potentially related to the intervention. The musculoskeletal pain lasted longer than 7 days in five participants (two in the standing frame group and three in the usual care group). No serious adverse events related to the study occurred. The standing frame group had a mean 0·018 (95% CI −0·014 to 0·051) additional quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) compared with those of the usual care group, and the estimated incremental cost-per-QALY was approximately £14 700. Interpretation: The standing frame programme significantly increased motor function in people with severe progressive multiple sclerosis, although not to the degree that was considered a priori as clinically meaningful. The standing frame is one of the first physiotherapy interventions to be effective in this population. We suggest that the programme is feasible as a home-based, self-managed intervention that could be routinely implemented in clinical practice in the UK. Funding: UK National Institute of Health Research. ER  - 
Methamphetamine presentations to an emergency department: Management and complications$$$ Objective: There is little recent published data characterising methamphetamine intoxication. The present study aims to describe the clinical effects, management, complications and disposition of patients with methamphetamine exposure. Methods: This is a retrospective review of patients presenting with methamphetamine intoxication to an ED in 2016. All presentations were extracted from a relational database and each medical record reviewed. Demographics, clinical features, complications and disposition were extracted. Results: There were 378 presentations of 329 patients (234 men [71%]), median age 31 years (range 16–68 years). The most common clinical effect was acute behavioural disturbance, occurring in 295 (78%) presentations. This was successfully managed with oral sedation alone in 180 (61%) patients, with the remainder receiving parenteral sedation. Other effects included tachycardia in 212 (56%), hypertension in 160 (42%) and hyperthermia in 17 (5%) presentations. No anti-hypertensives were given. One patient was actively cooled. Complications included 21 (30%) presentations with rhabdomyolysis and 41 (13%) presentations with acute kidney injury. There were two seizures, three intracranial bleeds and one myocardial infarction. The majority (317 [84%]) of patients were managed solely within the ED. The median length of stay was 14 h. There were 41 (11%) mental health admissions. Two deaths occurred: one following an out-of-hospital cardiac arrest and the other a subarachnoid haemorrhage. Conclusion: The main toxicity seen with methamphetamines is acute behavioural disturbance, which is managed well with sedation. Complications, apart from rhabdomyolysis and acute kidney injury, are rare. Most patients are managed within the ED and discharged home. ER  - 
Profiling frequent attenders at an inner city emergency department$$$ Background: Emergency department (ED) frequent attenders (FAs) have a higher rate of adverse outcomes compared to infrequent attenders. Aims: The primary aim was to describe the prevalence of FAs at an inner city ED. A subgroup analysis was undertaken for high and very high FAs to establish demographics and other factors which might cause them to attend frequently. Methods: A retrospective review of all patients who attended the ED at Mercy University Hospital (MUH), Cork, during 2016 was undertaken. Patients were classified as either infrequent attenders (1–2 attendances/year), frequent attenders (3–12 attendances/year), high frequent attenders (HFA, 13–29 attendances/year), or very high frequent attenders (VHFA, > 30 attendances/year). Results: During 2016, a total of 21,920 patients presented 33,152 times. Overall, 90.2% (n = 19,761) were infrequent attenders, whilst 9.6% (n = 2115) were FAs. A further 36 patients (0.16%) were HFAs and eight patients (0.04%) were classified as VHFAs. Almost 10% of patients attended the ED three or more times, accounting for 29% of overall ED attendances. The HFA and VHFA cohorts were predominantly male (79.5%, n = 35) with an average age of 49.6 years. They were found to have multiple medical comorbidities, complex psychosocial problems, and a mortality rate of 11.3% over a 2-year period. Conclusions: This retrospective review is the most detailed assessment of Irish FAs undertaken to date. Further studies are required to examine the Irish hospitals most at need of Case Management Strategy Programmes which we postulate could minimise the risk of adverse outcomes for these patients and improve overall ED efficiency. ER  - 
Clinical features of facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy 1 in childhood$$$ Aim: To explore the clinical course of patients presenting with facioscapulohumeral dystrophy type 1 (FSHD1) in childhood, with a view to identifying areas where they differed from older patients and where extra support or monitoring might be required. Method: A retrospective case-notes review of children with FSHD1 seen at a tertiary paediatric neuromuscular centre between 2002 and 2016 was performed. Data collected included age at and nature of presentation, path to diagnosis, genetic testing results, motor function, and occurrence of extramuscular features and complications. Results: Eighteen children (11 females, seven males; mean [SD] age at latest review 13y 10mo [3y 9mo], range 8–19y) from 16 families were identified. Age at onset of FSHD1 correlated with the size of deletion (r=0.81) and most presentations were in children either younger than 5 years or older than 10 years. Children with onset before 5 years were more likely to present with non-muscular symptoms and to develop extramuscular pathology, including developmental and psychiatric issues, hearing or visual impairments, and problems involving respiratory function and nutrition. No cases of epilepsy or cardiac arrhythmia were identified but two children died. Interpretation: The complexity and severity of FSHD1 presenting in early childhood underlines the importance of a multidisciplinary approach to the disorder. What this paper adds: Young children often present with non-muscular pathology in facioscapulohumeral dystrophy type 1 (FSHD1), especially hearing loss. Age at onset in paediatric FSHD1 appears bimodal: under 5 years or in adolescence. Prolonged delays to diagnosis are common. Children with very early-onset FSHD1 may require nutritional and/or respiratory support. Developmental and psychiatric comorbidities are common. ER  - 
Sexual abuse and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: We investigated the frequency of reported sexual abuse in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in a Middle-Eastern culture (Iran) and tried to characterize the association between a history of sexual abuse and the clinical characteristics of PNES in these patients. Methods: In this retrospective database study, patients with PNES, who were investigated at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, from 2008 until 2018, were studied. Patients were categorized into two groups: (1) those with a history of sexual abuse and (2) those without such a history. Results: A total of 314 patients were studied. Twenty-six patients (8.3%) had a history of sexual abuse, while 288 patients (91.7%) denied having such an experience. Sex ratio (OR: 3.53; 95% CI: 1.14–10.89; p = 0.02) and a history of child abuse (OR: 4.85; 95% CI: 1.82–12.96; p = 0.002) were significantly associated with a history of sexual abuse. Conclusion: Some people with a history of sexual abuse are at risk of developing PNES later in their lives. While social, cultural, and even genetic predisposition may be interacting for such an association to come to play, there is no concrete direct evidence to clarify this link yet. This should be investigated in future international cross-cultural studies and also highlights the need for planning genetic studies in patients with PNES. ER  - 
Clinical Presentation and Outcome in Autoimmune Encephalitis Associated With N-Type Voltage-Gated Calcium Channels in Children$$$ Objective: We present the diagnostic and clinical course of the first multicenter case series of pediatric patients with autoimmune encephalitis associated with N-type voltage-gated calcium channel antibodies. Methods: Data from 2 university hospitals were retrospectively reviewed and records of 3 patients with autoimmune encephalitis associated with N-type voltage-gated calcium channel antibodies were evaluated. Results: The 3 pediatric patients (all female) had symptoms that spanned the clinical spectrum. All 3, however, had regression of expressive language and agitation. Neuroimaging in all 3 patients was normal; electroencephalographic (EEG) findings varied among the 3 patients. Positive titers against the N-type voltage-gated calcium channel antibody were found in their cerebrospinal fluid. Following administration of intravenous immunoglobulin, all 3 had improvement in their core presenting symptoms. Conclusion: Autoimmune encephalitis associated with N-type voltage-gated calcium channel antibodies in the pediatric population presents with a wide clinical spectrum, although expressive language delay and agitation seem to be common symptoms. Treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin improves core symptoms. ER  - 
Conventional brain MRI features distinguishing limbic encephalitis from mesial temporal glioma$$$ Purpose: Radiological hallmark of autoimmune limbic encephalitis (LE) is a hyperintense signal in MRI T2-weighted images of mesial temporal structures. We aimed to identify conventional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) features that can help distinguish LE from temporal glioma. Methods: Brain MRIs of 25 patients affected by antibody-positive autoimmune LE, 24 patients affected by temporal glioma (tumor group), and 5 negative controls were retrospectively blindly evaluated in random order. Results: Ten brain MRIs from the LE group were correctly recognized; one additional patient with mesial temporal hyperintensity with anti-AK5 abs LE was wrongly diagnosed as having a tumor. The brain MRIs of the remaining 14 of the 25 patients with LE were judged negative or, in three cases, showed features not typical for LE. In the tumor group, all MRIs showed pathological alterations diagnosed as tumors in 22/24 cases and as LE in two (2/22, 9%). Unilateral lesions were more common in tumors than in neuroradiologically abnormal LE (96% vs. 18%, p < 0.001). T2/FLAIR hyperintensity of the parahippocampal gyrus was associated more with tumor than with LE (71% vs. 18%) (p = 0,009), as T2/FLAIR hyperintensity of extralimbic structures (p = 0.015), edema (p = 0.041), and mass effect (p = 0.015). Maintenance of gray/white matter distinction was strongly associated with LE (91% vs. 17%, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Conventional brain MRI is a fundamental tool in the differential diagnosis between LE and glioma. Bilateral involvement and maintenance of gray/white matter distinction at the cortical/subcortical interface are highly suggestive of LE. ER  - 
Invasive mold disease of the central nervous system in children and adolescents with cancer or undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: Analysis of 29 contemporary patients$$$ Background: Invasive mold disease (IMD) is a severe infectious complication in immunocompromised patients. The outcome of central nervous system (CNS) IMD is poor, but contemporary data, in particular in the pediatric setting, are lacking. Procedure: For this retrospective multicenter analysis, pediatric patients < 18 years with proven or probable CNS IMD receiving chemotherapy or undergoing allogeneic HSCT were reported by the local investigator. CNS IMD had to be diagnosed between 2007 and 2016. Proven CNS IMD was defined as compatible CNS imaging or macroscopic autopsy findings in conjunction with a positive microscopic or microbiological result in the brain tissue or cerebrospinal fluid. Probable CNS IMD was defined as compatible CNS imaging findings in combination with proven or probable IMD at a site outside the CNS. Results and conclusions: A total of 29 patients (median age, 14 years; 14 allogeneic HSCT recipients) were diagnosed with proven (n = 12) or probable (n = 17) CNS IMD. Aspergillus spp. was the most common fungal pathogen. All but one patient had IMD sites outside the CNS and eight patients (27.6%) were neurologically asymptomatic at diagnosis of CNS IMD. Forty-nine percent of the patients survived CNS IMD; however, 46.7% of the survivors suffered from severe long-term neurological sequelae. Our data suggest that (1) outcome of CNS IMD has improved in children as compared with previous series, (2) half of surviving patients suffer from severe neurological sequelae, and (3) imaging of the CNS should be performed in all children with IMD irrespective of neurological symptoms. ER  - 
Bilateral anterior capsulotomy enhances medication compliance in patients with epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities$$$ Objectives: Patients with epilepsy and refractory comorbid psychiatric disorders often experience functional impairments and a lower quality of life as well as showing a lack of compliance with anti-epileptic medication regimens. We reasoned that widespread clinical benefits could be gained if the psychiatric comorbidities among these patients were reduced. In this study, we assessed the utility of anterior capsulotomy in managing medication-refractory comorbid psychotic symptoms and aggression in patients with epilepsy. Methods: In this retrospective case series, we evaluated the clinical outcomes of 13 epilepsy patients with severe psychiatric comorbidities who had received bilateral anterior capsulotomy. Clinical outcome assessments were performed at 1 week, 6 months, 1 year, and several years after surgery focusing on: (a) severity of psychotic symptoms, as assessed by the 18-item Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale and the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale; (b) severity of impulsivity and aggression, measured by the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale-11 and the Buss-Perry Aggression Scale; and (c) social function and quality of life, assessed by the Social Disability Screening Scale and the Quality of Life in Epilepsy. Results: After anterior capsulotomy, patients displayed significant improvements of psychotic symptoms, as well as of impulsivity and aggression, along with improvements of social function and quality of life. The clinical benefits to patients were evident within 6 months after surgery and remained stable or continued to improve at a much slower rate thereafter. Furthermore, after anterior capsulotomy all patients complied with epilepsy interventions that they did not comply with prior to surgery. No significant side effects or complications occurred during the study. Conclusion: Anterior capsulotomy seems to be a safe and effective treatment for epilepsy patients with otherwise intractable comorbid psychotic symptoms and aggression. Moreover, this neurosurgical treatment may improve the patients' social function, quality of life, and compliance with anti-epilepsy medication regimens. ER  - 
Objective Detection of Eloquent Axonal Pathways to Minimize Postoperative Deficits in Pediatric Epilepsy Surgery Using Diffusion Tractography and Convolutional Neural Networks$$$ Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have recently been used in biomedical imaging applications with great success. In this paper, we investigated the classification performance of CNN models on diffusion weighted imaging (DWI) streamlines defined by functional MRI (fMRI) and electrical stimulation mapping (ESM). To learn a set of discriminative and interpretable features from the extremely unbalanced dataset, we evaluated different CNN architectures with multiple loss functions (e.g., focal loss and center loss) and a soft attention mechanism and compared our models with current state-of-the-art methods. Through extensive experiments on streamlines collected from 70 healthy children and 70 children with focal epilepsy, we demonstrated that our deep CNN model with focal and central losses and soft attention outperforms all existing models in the literature and provides clinically acceptable accuracy (73%-100%) for the objective detection of functionally important white matter pathways, including ESM determined eloquent areas such as primary motors, aphasia, speech arrest, auditory, and visual functions. The findings of this paper encourage further investigations to determine if DWI-CNN analysis can serve as a noninvasive diagnostic tool during pediatric presurgical planning by estimating not only the location of essential cortices at the gyral level but also the underlying fibers connecting these cortical areas to minimize or predict postsurgical functional deficits. This paper translates an advanced CNN model to clinical practice in the pediatric population where currently available approaches (e.g., ESM and fMRI) are suboptimal. The implementation will be released at https://github.com/HaotianMXu/Brain-fiber-classification-using-CNNs. ER  - 
Psychological co-morbidities in young women presenting with chronic urinary retention$$$ HYPOTHESIS/AIMS OF STUDY: Urinary retention is distressing for the patient and can present as a medical emergency. The two main causes of female urinary retention are that it is due to either structural outlet obstruction e.g. urethral stricture or functional outlet obstruction e.g. due to high tone of the external urethral sphincter muscle. Patients in retention often present in clinic with psychological co-morbidities. However, it is not clear whether psycho-logical distress is antecedent or subsequent to the urinary retention (or both). A retrospective case-note study reported a high prevalence of psychological co-morbidities (1). However, to date no prospective study has been reported. We present a preliminary prospective study. Aim of study: To assess the psychological co-morbidities in a cohort of young women presenting with chronic urinary retention. STUDY DESIGN, MATERIALS AND METHODS: Female patients presenting to an academic Uro-Neurology department within a tertiary referral centre, for assessment of chronic urinary retention underwent a structured assessment by a chartered psychologist. The assessment comprised a semi-structured interview to assess current and history of psychological co-morbidities, current and past psychiatric history, details of current relationships, family. The patients were also asked about whether they could identify a precipitating factor/trigger for their urinary retention and asked for their views on their particular constellation of symptoms. Patients who had previously received a diagnosis of Functional Neurological Symptoms (FNS) were asked how they had received this diagnosis, what they understood it to mean and whether they accepted the diagnosis of FNS. At the end of the interview, where applicable, appropriate treatment pathways were sign-posted. For example, a patient reporting anxiety would be referred to their General Practitioner (GP) for treatment. RESULTS: Between Jan-2018 to Dec-2018, 53 patients presenting with chronic urinary retention as the main issue, underwent a structured psychological assessment. There was one male patient (who is excluded from further study here) and 52 female patients. A total of 43/52 (82%) patients were experiencing current psychological difculties including anxiety and/or depression interfering with at least one area of the patient's life; 22/52 (42%) patients had experienced one or more traumatic events e.g. were survivors of rape, domestic violence, multiple road trafc accidents (RTAs) and these patients were still experiencing fear, anger, fashbacks. A total of 8/52 (15%) who were survivors of repeated childhood sexual abuse met the criteria for Complex PTSD (ICD-11). A total of 41/52 (79%) had chronic urinary retention plus functional symptoms including Functional Neurological Symptoms (FNS) and/or other functional syndromes including Fibromyalgia, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Irritable Bowel Disorder. In this study, Functional Neurological Symptoms (FNS) i.e. symptoms where no organic cause could be found, included leg weakness, movement disorders, paralysis, stroke, non-epileptic seizures, Bell's Palsy, functional cognitive problems e.g. memory problems and functional hearing loss. INTERPRETATION OF RESULTS: Findings from this prospective study suggest that a signif-cant proportion of patients in urinary retention have a number of physical and psychological co-morbidities. Future studies should further explore whether there is an association. Drawing on the current literature and treatments for Functional Neurological Symptoms, we hypothesise that a proportion of these patients will be helped by psychoeduca-tion, Guided Self Help (GSH), physical rehabilitation including physiotherapy, Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) or other psychological interventions (2). We hypothesize that some of these patients will be helped by treatment for trauma. Currently research into the most appropriate treatments for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and Complex Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (CPTSD) is ongoing (3). CONCLUDING MESSAGE: In this prospective study, a signifcant proportion of patients with urinary retention undergoing a structured assessment by a psychologist were found to have psychological co-morbidities and Functional Neurological Symptoms (FNS). Future study designs should include a battery of validated assessment scales in order to comprehensively describe and phenotype these patients. Future research needs to be done to develop and test bespoke psychological interventions in this patient group and part of this work will be the development of cross-sectional and longitudinal explanatory case conceptualisations. ER  - 
The pattern of substance abuse in Thai elderly: Ramathibodi Poison Center$$$ Objective: To describe substances, clinical manifestations, treatment, and medical outcomes of substance abuse exposures among older adults in Thailand. Method: This is a retrospective study of individuals aged 60 years or older with intentional abuse exposures reported to the Ramathibodi Poison Center from 1 January 2010 to 31 December 2017. Results: Forty-four cases were reported. The most common manifestation was somnolence (20, 45.5%). The most common substance used was kratom. There were 12 severe and fatal cases. Only one died due to methadone abuse. The most frequent manifestation among severe cases was respiratory failure (8 of 12 cases, 66.7%). Two cases had severe metabolic acidosis and were treated with hemodialysis. Three cases received norepinephrine. Conclusion: Substance abuse in the elderly is a serious problem that is often overlooked. Health personnel should promptly recognize and address this issue in order to reduce morbidity and mortality in the elderly population. ER  - 
The usefulness of symptoms alone or combined for general practitioners in considering the diagnosis of a brain tumour: A case-control study using the clinical practice research database (CPRD) (2000-2014)$$$ Objectives To evaluate the utility of different symptoms, alone or combined, presented to primary care for an adult brain tumour diagnosis. Design and setting Matched case-control study, using the data from Clinical Practice Research Datalink (2000-2014) from primary care consultations in the UK. Method All presentations within 6 months of the index diagnosis date (cases) or equivalent (controls) were coded into 32 symptom groups. Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive values (PPVs) and positive likelihood ratios were calculated for symptoms and combinations of symptoms with headache and cognitive features. Diagnostic odds ratios were calculated using conditional logistic regression, adjusted for age group, sex and Charlson comorbidity. Stratified analyses were performed for age group, sex and whether the tumour was of primary or secondary origin. Results We included 8,184 cases and 28,110 controls. Seizure had the highest PPV of 1.6% (95% CI 1.4% to 1.7%) followed by weakness 1.5% (1.3 to 1.7) and confusion 1.4% (1.3 to 1.5). Combining headache with other symptoms increased the PPV. For example, headache plus combined cognitive symptoms PPV 7.2% (6.0 to 8.6); plus weakness 4.4% (3.2 to 6.2), compared with headache alone PPV 0.1%. The diagnostic ORs were generally larger for patients <70 years; this was most marked for confusion, seizure and visual symptoms. Conclusion We found seizure, weakness and confusion had relatively higher predictive values than many other symptoms. Headache on its own was a weak predictor but this was enhanced when combined with other symptoms especially in younger patients. Clinicians need to actively search for other neurological symptoms such as cognitive problems. ER  - 
The role of sleeping pills in the development of shingles in veterans$$$ Background: There is continuing evidence that the chronic use of sleeping pills may be a risk factor for infection. One infection of concern in the aging veteran population is Herpes Zoster (HZ). Veterans are commonly prescribed sedative-hypnotics (sleeping pills) for chronic conditions such as insomnia, generalized anxiety disorders, mood disorders, alcohol withdrawal, seizures, panic attacks. Objectives: To study the role of chronic use of commonly prescribed sedative-hypnotics in the development of shingles. Methods: We studied the relationship between commonly prescribed sedative-hypnotics (benzodiazepines and Z-drugs) and incident HZ among veterans who received care at the James A. Haley Veteran's Hospital. A total of 22,000 veterans were randomly selected from each quarter year from 2007-2011 from CPRS/VISTA Patient Record System. All outpatient diagnoses, procedures and pharmacy data between 2006-2015 were then drawn from this cohort. To eliminate confounding by calendar date, patients without HZ were frequency matched on a visit date that was close to a HZ diagnosis date in the patients with HZ. Hypnotic use was examined in the 365 days prior to the HZ diagnosis date or a matching control date. Patients who had an acute hypnotic use (e.g. for a medical procedure) prior to the 90 days of HZ diagnosis date were excluded from that analysis. Logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios (OR). Results: Of 3522 patients on sedative-hypnotics, 200 (5.7%) developed HZ; out of the 18422 patients with no prescription for hypnotics, 741 (4.0%) developed HZ (OR = 1.437, 95%CI = 1.224, 1.687). The association remained significant (OR = 1.22, 95%CI =1.024,1.453) after adjusting for age, sex, BMI, Charlson comorbidity index, race, Hispanic ethnicity, marital status, combat status, opioid use. Conclusions: Chronic use of sleeping pills is associated with later development of HZ. This supports a premise that long-term use of sleeping pills lowers immune status. ER  - 
A comparison between childhood and adult onset systemic lupus erythematosus adjusted for ethnicity from the 1000 Canadian Faces of Lupus Cohort$$$ Objective: Childhood-onset SLE (cSLE) manifests differently than adult-onset SLE (aSLE). This study determined whether ethnic differences contribute to the differences in clinical presentation between the two groups. Methods: This cross-sectional study used data from a multi-centred registry from eight adult and four paediatric Canadian centres gathered at study entry. We compared the frequency of clinical manifestations and autoantibodies between aSLE and cSLE. For those with a significant difference, a multivariable logistic regression was performed, adjusting for ethnicity, SLE onset (cSLE vs aSLE), disease duration and centre. Disease activity and damage between aSLE and cSLE were compared after stratifying by disease duration. Results: Of 552 aSLE subjects, 502 (90.9%) were female and 381 (69.0%) were Caucasian. Mean age at diagnosis was 37.0 ± 13.6 years and disease duration 10.9 ± 9.6 years. Of 276 cSLE subjects, 231 (83.7%) were female and 101 (36.6%) were Caucasian. Mean age at diagnosis was 12.7 ± 3.3 years and disease duration 5.6 ± 8.2 years. In multivariable regression analysis, aSLE was associated with decreased odds of having a neurologic disorder (odds ratio = 0.49) and increased odds of having aCL antibodies (odds ratio = 1.85). Disease activity and damage accrual scores were higher in aSLE than cSLE within the same disease duration strata, although the differences were not clinically significant. Ethnicity was not associated with any differences in clinical manifestations or autoantibody frequency between aSLE and cSLE. Conclusion: Although a crude comparison of aSLE and cSLE yielded several differences in clinical symptoms and autoantibodies, this difference was not attributable to ethnic differences between aSLE and cSLE. ER  - 
Barriers to epilepsy care in Central Uganda, a qualitative interview and focus group study involving PLWE and their caregivers$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a common neurological disease with substantial impact on the subject and their caretakers. This exploratory study identified barriers to care for persons living with epilepsy (PLWE) to develop a culturally acceptable nurse led self-management intervention for PLWE previously developed in the United States. Methods: The study involving 48 participants (31 PLWE and 17 caregivers) with in depth interviews and focus groups was conducted. We obtained insights into barriers to care in PLWE and their caregivers. Using a thematic analytic procedure emphasizing the dominant themes the qualitative responses were analyzed. Median age of PLWE was 24 years (IQR 19-30), and10 (52.6%) were male. The median age of epilepsy onset was 12 years (IQR 6-18), range of 1-37 years. The median age of caregivers was 50 years (IQR 45-50.5), with a range of 18-78 years. Seventy five percent of caregivers (6/8) were females. Results: Three major areas of perceived barriers involving individual, family or community and provider and healthcare system barriers to epilepsy care emerged. Individual factors like limited epilepsy knowledge and medication non-adherence were reported to be key barriers to epilepsy care. Caregiver burden and lack of family support as well as poor health care access were identified from the family and health care systems. Conclusions: The main barrier to epilepsy care is limited epilepsy knowledge in PLWE and their caregivers. Improving epilepsy care awareness and knowledge within communities and appropriate health care provider service for epilepsy would help reduce epilepsy barriers and improve care. ER  - 
Eslicarbazepine acetate in epilepsy patients with psychiatric comorbidities and intellectual disability: Clinical practice findings from the Euro-Esli study$$$ Psychiatric and intellectual comorbidities are common in patients with epilepsy. However, data on the use of antiepileptic drugs in these patients are still lacking. This study assessed the real-world effectiveness and safety/tolerability of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL)in patients with intellectual disability and psychiatric comorbidities, including a separate analysis specifically in those with depression, using data from the Euro-Esli study. Effectiveness measures included responder and seizure freedom rates. Safety and tolerability were assessed by evaluating adverse events (AEs)and ESL discontinuation due to AEs, respectively. Of the 2058 patients initially included in the Euro-Esli study, 952 patients had intellectual disability data available, 1138 had psychiatric comorbidity data available and 1134 had depression data available. Of those who had intellectual or psychiatric comorbidity data available, 11.3% (108/952)suffered from intellectual disability, 24.9% (283/1138)had a psychiatric disorder, including depression, and 12.4% (141/1134)specifically had depression. Responder and seizure freedom rates were generally comparable between patients with psychiatric comorbidity and those without, and patients with depression and those without. However, responder and seizure freedom rates were significantly lower in patients with intellectual disability compared with those without. Overall, patients with psychiatric and intellectual comorbidities experienced more AEs and AEs leading to ESL discontinuation than patients without these comorbidities. The incidence of psychiatric AEs was not significantly different for patients with psychiatric comorbidities or depression than those without, and the incidence of cognitive AEs was not significantly different for patients with intellectual disability than those without. These findings suggest that ESL is effective in patients with psychiatric and intellectual comorbidities and that its use in these patients is unlikely to exacerbate existing psychiatric or cognitive disturbances. ER  - 
Blindness and Visual Impairment in the Medicare Population: Disparities and Association with Hip Fracture and Neuropsychiatric Outcomes$$$ Purpose: Vision loss has been associated with negative health outcomes, but population-level data on vision loss are lacking, and there are limited data on low vision-associated outcomes among women, minorities, and older age groups. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of vision loss in a nationally representative sample of older US adults and examine its association with hip fracture, depression, anxiety, and dementia. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of Medicare claims data from 2014. Blindness and low vision, hip fracture, depression, anxiety, and dementia were identified using Chronic Condition Warehouse indicator variables based on ICD-9 and CPT codes. Multivariable logistic regression models were built to examine whether sociodemographic factors were associated with vision loss and to determine the relationships between vision loss and hip fracture and neuropsychiatric outcomes. Results: The prevalence of low vision in the Medicare population was 994/100,000 and increased significantly with age, Black (1,854/100,000) or Hispanic (2,862/100,000) race/ethnicity, female gender (1,181/100,000), and Medicaid eligibility (2,975/100,000). After adjusting for relevant comorbidities, low vision was significantly associated with hip fracture (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 2.54, 95% CI: 2.52–2.57), depression (AOR 3.99, 95% CI: 3.97–4.01), anxiety (AOR 2.93, 95% CI: 2.91–2.95), and dementia (AOR 3.91, 95% CI: 3.88–3.93). Conclusion: Blindness and low vision are common in older Americans, especially among racial and ethnic minorities and lower income individuals, and associated with hip fracture, depression, anxiety, and dementia. The prevention and treatment of vision loss may reduce health disparities and negative health outcomes in the aging population. ER  - 
Three cases of antibody-LGI1 limbic encephalitis and review of literature$$$ Purpose: Antibody-LGI1 limbic encephalitis (LGI1-Ab LE) is an anti-neuronal surface antigen-related autoimmune encephalitis. we report three cases of LGI1-Ab LE, describe the characteristics of clinical manifestation, course of evolution, imaging manifestation and treatment outcomes. Methods: Data from patients diagnosed with LGI1-Ab LE in the Second Hospital, Hebei Medical University, from June 2016 to July 2017, were retrospectively collected and analyzed. We followed up the patients for 90 days. Results: Two of the three patients were females, the average age of onset is 53 years old. Epilepsy is the most common clinical manifestations, and one of patients developed faciobrachial dystonic seizures (FBDS), which was recently described as a characteristic feature of LGI1-Ab LE. All patients had cognitive impairment in different degrees and abnormal signal of hippocampus in cranial MRI. All serum LGI1 antibodies were positive, whereas one LGI1 antibodies of CSF were negative. All patients accepted first-line immune therapy and had a good outcome. Conclusion: LGI1-Ab LE, which is an autoimmune disease, is rare clinically and mostly nonparaneoplastic. We suggest that LGI1-Ab LE be considered in any patient with acute or subacute onset, cognitive dysfunction, various types of seizures, accompanied by mental disorders and hyponatremia, MR showed the involvement of the limbic system. It is necessary to have LE-related antibodies tested. Early immunotherapy can significantly improve the patient's overall prognosis. At the same time, we should also pay attention to the possibility of potential tumors. ER  - 
A comprehensive review of the clinical utility of and a combined analysis of the clozapine/norclozapine ratio in therapeutic drug monitoring for adult patients$$$ Introduction: This article comprehensively reviews the clinical utility of the serum clozapine/norclozapine (CLO/NCLO) ratio. Areas covered: Fifty-four published studies used this ratio (21 from a PubMed search from onset to 10/21/18 and 33 identified by the authors). To estimate a combined mean of the CLO/NCLO ratio in published studies, a PubMed search on 10/21/18 identified 422 articles leading to 19 included. The systematic review focused on 1) the combined analysis, 2) CYP1A2 activity, 3) clinical response, 4) cognition, and 5) renal function. Expert opinion: Our combined analysis provided a weighted mean CLO/NCLO ratio of 1.73 in 2,317 adult patients from 19 studies, but the range in the studies varied widely from 1.19 to 3.37. No study provided data on variability of the CLO/NCLO ratios within individual patients. The CLO/NCLO ratio is not a measure of CYP1A2 activity and is not associated with clinical response. The association of the CLO/NCLO ratio with cognitive measures is unclear (4 cross-sectional studies were positive and post-hoc analysis of a randomized clinical trial was negative). Future studies must replicate the finding of a case report that gemfibrozil may invert the CLO/NCLO ratio (making it <1), indicating that gemfibrozil inhibits the renal transporter that excretes NCLO. ER  - 
Linear Accelerator–Based Radiosurgery of Grade I Intracranial Meningiomas$$$ Objective: To determine the local control rate and complication rate in the treatment of grade I intracranial meningiomas. Methods: A retrospective study was performed of patients with grade I meningioma who received radiosurgery with a dedicated linear accelerator from January 2002 to August 2012 with a minimum follow-up of 2 years. We performed descriptive statistics, logistic regression, and progression-free survival analysis through a Kaplan-Meier curve. Results: Seventy-five patients with 78 grade I meningiomas received radiosurgery, 39 underwent surgery plus adjuvant radiosurgery, and 36 only radiosurgery. The follow-up median time was 68 months (range, 35–120 months). The tumor control rate was 93%, the 5-year progression-free survival was 92% (95% confidence interval, 77%–98%). Acute toxicity was 2.6%, and grade 1–2 late toxicity was 26.6%. Postradiosurgery edema was the main late morbidity. Age >55 years was the only significant factor for attaining a response >75%. The background of surgery before radiosurgery was the only significant prognostic factor for showing edema (odds ratio 5.78 [95% confidence interval, 2.14–15.64]). Conclusions: The local control rate attained in our series is similar to that reported in other series worldwide; the acute toxicity rate was low and late toxicity was moderate. ER  - 
Long-term safety and efficacy following conversion to eslicarbazepine acetate monotherapy in adults with focal seizures$$$ Objective: To assess the long-term safety and efficacy of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) monotherapy in adults with focal seizures (FS). Methods: Study 050 was a long-term, multicenter, open-label (OL) safety extension of two conversion-to-ESL monotherapy studies in adults with refractory FS. After participating in Study 045 or 046, patients started on ESL 1600 mg once daily (QD) (or 1200 mg if they previously had a dose reduction), and could adjust the dose 400 mg/week to a dose between 800–2400 mg QD. Patients could add up to two additional antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). This post-hoc analysis focuses on the actual monotherapy subgroup, which included patients in Studies 045/046/050 who did not add additional AEDs. Study endpoints included treatment retention time, time on ESL monotherapy, change in standardized seizure frequency (SSF), change in quality of life (QoL) in epilepsy (QOLIE-31) and Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores, and incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs); serious adverse events (SAEs), TEAEs leading to discontinuation, and TEAEs related to allergic reaction, hyponatremia and thyroid function were also evaluated. Results: There were 274 patients in the Study 050 full intent-to-treat (ITT) population and 140 patients in the actual monotherapy subgroup. Median treatment retention time and time on ESL monotherapy were both >5 years. Median reduction in SSF from baseline was 66.4% in the full ITT population and 78.3% in the actual monotherapy subgroup; responder (≥50% reduction in SSF) rates were 62.4% and 74.3%, respectively. QOLIE-31 scores increased from baseline in the full ITT population and the actual monotherapy subgroup (4.1- and 7.5-point increases, respectively). MADRS scores decreased from baseline in both the full ITT population and the actual monotherapy subgroup (0.7- and 2.9-point decreases, respectively). TEAEs occurred in 85.4% of patients in the full ITT population and 81.4% of patients in the actual monotherapy subgroup. Incidences of SAEs and TEAEs leading to discontinuation, as well as dizziness, depression, fall, partial seizures with secondary generalization, and complex partial seizures, were higher in the full ITT population than in the actual monotherapy subgroup. Allergic reactions, hyponatremia, and hypothyroidism were infrequent, particularly in the actual monotherapy subgroup. Conclusions: The results of this post-hoc analysis suggest that long-term treatment with ESL was effective and well tolerated, both as a monotherapy and in combination with other AEDs for FS. QoL and tolerability appeared to be better, and incidence of depression lower, in the patient population taking ESL as a monotherapy, compared with the population that included patients taking ESL as an adjunctive therapy. ER  - 
Quality of life and correlating factors in children, adolescents with epilepsy, and their caregivers: A cross-sectional multicenter study from Germany$$$ Purpose: To identify factors correlating with poorer quality of life (QoL) in children and adolescents with epilepsy and regarding QoL and depression of their caregivers in Germany. Method: A cross-sectional multicenter study on QoL and depression was performed in two representative German states (Hessen and Schleswig-Holstein). Variance analysis, linear regression, and bivariate correlation were used to identify correlating factors for poorer QoL and symptoms of depression. Results: Data from 489 children and adolescents (mean age 10.4 ± 4.2 years, range 0.5–17.8; 54.0% male) and their caregivers were collected. We identified missing seizure freedom (p = 0.046), concomitant diseases (p = 0.007), hospitalization (p = 0.049), recent status epilepticus (p = 0.035), living in a nursing home or with foster parents (p = 0.049), and relevant degree of disability (p = 0.007) to correlate with poorer QoL in children and adolescents with epilepsy. Poorer QoL of caregivers was associated with longer disease duration (p = 0.004), non-idiopathic (mainly structural-metabolic) epilepsy (p = 0.003), ongoing seizures (p = 0.003), concomitant diseases (p = 0.003), relevant disability (p = 0.003), or status epilepticus (p = 0.003) as well as with unemployment of the primary caretaker (p = 0.010). Symptoms of depression of caregivers were associated with non-idiopathic epilepsy (p = 0.003), concomitant diseases (p = 0.003), missing seizure freedom (p = 0.007), status epilepticus (p = 0.004), or a relevant disability (p = 0.004) of their ward. A poorer QoL value of the children and adolescents correlated with a poorer QoL value of the caregivers (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Epilepsy shows a considerable impact on QoL and symptoms of depression. Early and effective therapy should focus on reduction of seizure frequency and the probability for developing status epilepticus. Furthermore, comprehensive care should pay attention at comorbidities, consequences of disability and dependency on others. ER  - 
A pilot study of combined endurance and resistance exercise rehabilitation for verbal memory and functional connectivity improvement in epilepsy$$$ Memory impairment is common in persons with epilepsy (PWE), and exercise may be a strategy for its improvement. In this pilot study, we hypothesized that exercise rehabilitation would improve physical fitness and verbal memory and induce changes in brain networks involved in memory processes. We examined the effects of combined endurance and resistance exercise rehabilitation on memory and resting state functional connectivity (rsFC). Participants were randomized to exercise (PWE-E)or control (PWE-noE). The exercise intervention consisted of 18 supervised sessions on nonconsecutive days over 6 weeks. Before and after the intervention period, both groups completed self-report assessments (Short Form-36 (SF-36), Baecke Questionnaire (BQ)of habitual physical activity, and Profile of Mood States (POMS)), cognitive testing (California Verbal Learning Test-II (CVLT-II)), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI); PWE-E also completed exercise performance tests. After completing the study, PWE-noE were offered cross-over to the exercise arm. There were no differences in baseline demographic, clinical, or assessment variables between 8 PWE-noE and 9 PWE-E. Persons with epilepsy that participated in exercise intervention increased maximum voluntary strength (all strength tests p < 0.05)and exhibited nonsignificant improvement in cardiorespiratory fitness (p = 0.15). Groups did not show significant changes in quality of life (QOL)or habitual physical activity between visits. However, there was an effect of visit on POMS total mood disturbance (TMD)measure showing improvement from baseline to visit 2 (p = 0.023). There were significant group by visit interactions on CVLT-II learning score (p = 0.044)and total recognition discriminability (d′)(p = 0.007). Persons with epilepsy that participated in exercise intervention had significant reductions in paracingulate rsFC with the anterior cingulate and increases in rsFC for the cerebellum, thalamus, posterior cingulate cortex (PCC), and left and right inferior parietal lobule (IPL)(corrected p < 0.05). Change in CVLT-II learning score was associated with rsFC changes for the paracingulate cortex (rS = − 0.67; p = 0.0033), left IPL (rS = 0.70; p = 0.0019), and right IPL (rS = 0.71; p = 0.0015)while change in d′ was associated with change in cerebellum rsFC to angular/middle occipital gyrus (rS = 0.68; p = 0.0025). Our conclusion is that exercise rehabilitation may facilitate verbal memory improvement and brain network functional connectivity changes in PWE and that improved memory performance is associated with changes in rsFC. A larger randomized controlled trial of exercise rehabilitation for cognitive improvement in PWE is warranted. ER  - 
Psychiatric manifestations in Egyptian Gaucher patients on enzyme replacement therapy$$$ Objectives: Gaucher disease (GD)may include psychiatric symptoms as a part of its wide spectrum of manifestations, with several reports describing its association with mood or psychotic symptoms. We investigated the presence of psychiatric manifestations in an Egyptian sample of Gaucher Disease (GD)patients. Methods: Our sample consisted of 22 GD patients (diagnosed by low glucocerebrosidase (GBA)activity in leukocytes or fibroblasts and molecular analysis by full (GBA)gene sequencing). 13 patients were classified as GD type 1 and 9 patients as GD type 3. We assessed the presence of psychiatric symptoms using the Mini-international neuropsychiatric interview (M.I.N·I)and the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview for Children and Adolescents (MINI-KID)tools. Arabic versions were used. Results: The results showed that 41% of the sample had psychiatric disorders, with the most common being depression. None was receiving any form of psychiatric treatment. We found no statistically significant association between the presence of psychiatric disorders and any of the clinical variables of GD, its phenotype, or genotype. Conclusion: The current results suggest that GD patients are susceptible to psychiatric disorders. However, these results need to be replicated on a wider scale. These findings are of ultimate importance, considering the lack of integrated services addressing both the medical and psychological aspects of inborn errors of metabolism in many countries. ER  - 
P40-T EEG characteristics in Polish patients with Unverricht-Lundborg disease$$$ Background: Unverricht-Lundborg disease (ULD)is an autosomal recessive form of progressive myoclonus epilepsy with a wide range of neurologic and psychiatric symptoms including tonic-clonic seizures, myoclonus, ataxia, tremor, dysarthria, depression, and mild intellectual decline. The aim of the study was to describe the EEG features of patients with ULD and their changes during the long-term follow-up. Material and methods: We retrospectively evaluated the EEG features of 11 patients with genetically confirmed ULD. Results: We included 4 females and 7 males with the mean age 38.3 ± 7.6 years and the mean age at onset 9.4 years. The average background rhythm was 8.4 Hz and was normal in 2 patients and slightly slowed in 9. Spike and wave discharges (SWD)were found in 9 patients and photosensitivity in 2 patients. In all patients myoclonic jerks were recorded in videoEEG, most of the myoclonic movements were not time-locked to epileptiform discharges. In 3 patients SWD and myoclonic jerks were aggravated by ill -advised antiepileptic drugs (phenytoin and carbamazepine)and their frequency diminished after treatment change. Despite the increased frequency and severity of myoclonic jerks the frequency of SWD decreased gradually with time. Conclusion: The most common EEG abnormalities in patients with ULD include background slowing and spike and wave discharges; epileptiform discharges can be aggravated by ill-advised antiepileptic drugs. ER  - 
O-44 Clinical validation of criteria for identification of epileptiform EEG discharges in sensor and source space$$$ Background: Presence of Epileptiform Discharges (ED)in EEG recordings are highly associated with an epilepsy diagnosis. The International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology (IFCN)suggested 6 criteria in EEG sensor-space, so that presence of at least 4 of them defines a waveform as ED. The aim of our study to assess inter-rater agreement (IRA)and accuracy of identifying spikes in sensor space (using the IFCN criteria at different thresholds)and in source space. Methods: EEG samples from 100 consecutive patients with epilepsy and non-epileptic paroxysmal events were reviewed separately in sensor-space and source-space, in different, randomized order, by 7 raters, who scored the presence/absence of each IFCN-criterion in sensor-space, and presence/absence of EDs in source-space. EDs were defined in sensor-space using different thresholds (2–6 criteria)and without counting criteria. Accuracy was determined for each rater and for the majority decisions for each sample. Material and results: IRA was moderate both in sensor space and in source space (k: 0.49–0.60). In sensor-space, the highest accuracy (91%)and sensitivity (96%)was achieved using a threshold of 4 criteria. However, this gave a specificity that was lower than acceptable for EEG (85%). Using a threshold of 5 criteria in sensor-space specificity of 96% was achieved, at a sensitivity of 83% and accuracy of 89%. Results in source-space were identical to using the threshold of 5 criteria in sensor-space. Conclusions: Using a threshold of 5 IFCN-criteria in sensor-space, and using source-space yields a high specificity and acceptable sensitivity for identifying EDs. ER  - 
McLeod syndrome: Five new pedigrees with novel mutations$$$ Objective: To present five new McLeod Syndrome (MLS) pedigrees with novel XK gene mutations, review the literature of this disorder, and discuss the typical and atypical clinical features noted with these new mutations. Methods: This is a multi-center retrospective review of five MLS cases with novel gene mutations. Genotypic and phenotypic information has been obtained from each center. Results: Five novel mutations are reported in this Case series. New clinical findings include prolonged asymptomatic elevated creatine kinase (CK) levels, vocal tics, presence of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), and one patient of Vietnamese ethnicity. Conclusions: We expand on the clinical and genetic spectrum of MLS demonstrating the clinical variability of MLS. ER  - 
Auras in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to investigate the frequency and characteristics of auras in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES)and to characterize the patients’ historical and clinical risk factors that may be associated with such manifestations. Methods: In this retrospective database study, all patients with PNES, who were investigated at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, from 2008 until 2018, were studied. Results: During the study period, 258 patients were investigated. One hundred and seventy-three patients (67.1%)reported having auras. Auras were associated with multiple variables, including sex ratio, history of head injury, ictal injury, and taking antiepileptic drugs, in univariate analyses. We then performed a logistic regression analysis, assessing these four variables. The model that was generated by the regression analysis was significant (p = 0.0001)and could predict the possibility of auras in 72% of the patients. Within the model, sex ratio (OR: 0.498; 95% CI: 0.282−0.878; p = 0.01)and a history of head injury (OR: 0.096; 95% CI: 0.020−0.465; p = 0.004)retained their significance. Conclusion: Patients with PNES may frequently report auras including some auras which are often seen in patients with focal epilepsies; as a result, they are at great risk of receiving wrong diagnosis and unnecessary treatments. Health care professionals involved in the management of patients with seizures should be aware of this risk and prescribe an antiepileptic drug only after making a definite diagnosis of epilepsy in a patient with a paroxysmal event. ER  - 
One-year follow-up of a remotely delivered epilepsy self-management program in high-risk people with epilepsy$$$ Objective: “Self-management for people with epilepsy and a history of negative health events” (SMART) is a novel group-format epilepsy self-management intervention demonstrated to reduce negative health events (NHEs) such as accidents, emergency department visits, and seizures in adults with epilepsy in a 6-month prospective randomized controlled trial (RCT); SMART also reduced depressive symptoms and improved health functioning and quality of life. This report describes the longer-term (12-month) post-efficacy RCT outcomes in adults with epilepsy who received SMART. Methods: After completing a 6-month, prospective RCT that demonstrated efficacy of SMART vs 6-month waitlist control (WL), adults ≥ 18 years of age with epilepsy were followed for an additional 12 months. Individuals originally randomized to WL received the 8-week SMART intervention immediately following the conclusion of the RCT. For this long-term extension analysis, assessments were conducted at 24 weeks (the 6-month primary outcome time-point of the efficacy RCT), at 32 weeks for individuals originally randomized to WL, and at 48 weeks and 72 weeks for all individuals. Outcomes assessed included past 6-month NHE counts, depressive symptoms assessed with the 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) and Montgomery–Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), and quality of life assessed with the 10-item Quality of Life in Epilepsy (QOLIE-10). Results: At the beginning of this long-term observational period (24-week follow-up time point for the original RCT), there were 50 individuals in the group originally randomized to SMART and 52 originally randomized to WL. Mean age was 41.4 years, 70% women (N = 71), 64% (N = 65) African-American, and 8% Hispanic (N = 8). Study attrition from week 24 to week 72 was 8% in the arm originally randomized to SMART and 17% in the arm originally randomized to WL. During the 12-month observation period (24 weeks to 72 weeks), there were a total of 44 serious adverse events and 4 deaths, none related to study participation. There was no significant change in total past 6-month NHE counts in the group originally randomized to SMART, although the group had significantly reduced 6-month seizure counts. The group originally randomized to WL, who received SMART during this observational period, had a reduction in total NHE counts. The group originally randomized to SMART had relatively stable levels on other outcome variables except for a trend for improved MADRS (p = 0.08). In the group originally randomized to WL, there were significant improvements in PHQ-9 (p = 0.01), MADRS (p ≤ 0.01), and QOLIE-10 (p = 0.004). Conclusions: This post-RCT extension study suggests that adults with epilepsy who participate in the SMART intervention sustain clinical effects at 1-year follow-up and may have incremental improvements in seizure frequency and mood. Future research needs to identify opportunities for scale-up and outreach to other high-risk groups with epilepsy. ER  - 
Presentation of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in Hawaii's ethnoracially diverse population$$$ Purpose: This exploratory study compared the semiology of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) between a diverse group of patients in the state of Hawaii. This study may expand understanding of PNES across different ethnocultural and gender groups. Methods: A retrospective chart review of patients admitted to our Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) over a 4-year period was performed to compare semiology in different ethnic groups and gender. Results: A total of 139 patients were included in this study, 37% (n = 51) with PNES, 34% (n = 47) with epilepsy only, and 29% (n = 41) with other non-PNES, nonepilepsy diagnosis. The number of Asians with PNES were found to differ when compared with the patients with epilepsy and the patients with non-PNES, nonepilepsy diagnosis. A positive trend was found in the number of Native Hawaiians and Caucasians with PNES in comparison with patients with non-PNES, nonepilepsy diagnosis. In addition, three semiology of PNES in Native Hawaiians were found to differ in comparison with other ethnic groups with PNES: rhythmic motor, mixed semiology, and nonepileptic aura. There is a significant difference in all motor manifestation between males and females in Native Hawaiians. Between patients with PNES, patients with epilepsy, and patients with non-PNES, nonepilepsy diagnosis, significant correlation was found in psychiatric disorders including posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), anxiety, and any psychiatric disorder. Conclusion: This cross-cultural study found significant differences in the expression of PNES across key ethnoracial groups for the Islands of Hawaii. These findings have implications to the diagnosis and treatment of PNES for Native Hawaiians and other Pacific Islanders in the United States. ER  - 
Medication therapy problems and vaccine needs identified during initial appointment-based medication synchronization visits$$$ Objective: To characterize medication therapy problems (MTPs) and vaccines recommended and administered by pharmacists during initial appointment-based medication synchronization (ABMS) visits, in a community pharmacy setting. Methods: A retrospective observational study evaluated comprehensive medication reviews documented by pharmacists during initial ABMS visits in 16 supermarket chain pharmacies in Central Virginia from September to December 2017. The documentation was examined to obtain patient demographics, MTPs, and recommended and administered vaccines. Other data collected included disease states, number of medications synchronized per patient, and average time spent per initial ABMS visit. Classifications of MTPs were adherence (overuse and underuse), adverse drug reaction, cost-efficacy management, drug interactions (drug-drug/drug-disease), excessive dose/duration, needs additional therapy (for chronic conditions), suboptimal drug selection, and unnecessary therapy. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, and Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney test was used to compare group differences. Results: One hundred eighty-four patients received an initial ABMS visit (118 female and 66 male patients). The mean age was 70 years for women and 65 years for men, range 18 to 19 years (P < 0.08). Disease states documented included asthma, benign prostatic hyperplasia, chronic pain, epilepsy, depression, diabetes mellitus, dementia, gastroesophageal reflux disease, history of myocardial infarction, human immunodeficiency virus, hyperlipidemia, and hypertension. Women had a significantly higher number of disease states than men did (P < 0.03). Thirty-seven MTPs were identified with no statistical difference between men and women (P < 0.98). Pharmacists reported spending an average of 17 minutes with patients during the initial visit for an average of 6 medications synchronized per patient. Six hundred thirty-three vaccines were recommended, and 51 were administered. Conclusion: Initial ABMS visit with a comprehensive medication review facilitated pharmacists in detecting medication therapy problems. Although vaccines administered were lower than recommended, community pharmacists play an important role in preventive health through vaccine screenings and recommendations. Future plans include evaluating the outcomes of MTPs identified and resolved in the ABMS service. ER  - 
A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled crossover clinical study of the effects of alpha-s1 casein hydrolysate on sleep disturbance$$$ This study evaluated the effects of alpha-s1 casein hydrolysate (ACH; Lactium®) on the subjective and objective sleep profiles of a community-based sample of Koreans with poor sleep quality. We performed a double-blind, randomized crossover trial with 48 participants (49.0 ± 1.7 years old, 65% female) who exhibited a mild to moderate degree of sleep disturbance. Either ACH or placebo was administered for the initial four weeks, and the counterpart was administered in precisely the same manner after a four-week washout period. Sleep disturbance scales, daytime functioning, and psychiatric aspects showed a similar tendency to improve during both ACH and placebo phases without significant group differences. Overall perceived sleep profiles in sleep diaries were significantly improved during the ACH phase, represented by increased total sleep time and sleep efficiency (SE), as well as decreased sleep latency and wake after sleep onset (WASO). Interestingly, actigraphy demonstrated significantly increased SE after continuous use of ACH for four weeks, clearly more improved when compared to two weeks of use. The polysomnography measures showed a similar tendency without statistically significant group differences. Our findings suggest that refined ACH was well tolerated and could improve sleep quality, with possible cumulative beneficial effects with long-term administration. ER  - 
Risk factors for valproic acid induced hyperammonemia and its association with cognitive functions$$$ Objective: Valproic acid (VPA)-induced hyperammonemia (VIH), is an increase in blood ammonia levels without any alteration of hepatic enzymes, which can occur during VPA treatment. We aimed to determine the prevalence rate and the risk factors for VIH and its association with cognitive functions. Method: A prospective, cross-sectional study was conducted. Patients aged between 18 and 64 who were on VPA treatment and who diagnosed with mood disorders or epilepsy were enrolled in this study (n = 107). For cognitive assessment, Serial 7's and Subjective Memory Complaints Questionnaire (SMCQ) were used. Blood samples were collected for blood VPA and ammonia levels along with other laboratory tests. Results: 55,3% of the sample were considered as VIH. Blood ammonia level significantly correlates with VPA blood levels, total daily dose of VPA and total number of medications concurrently used, but no significant correlation was found between blood ammonia level and cognitive test scores. Gender, body weight, blood VPA levels and the total number of medications concurrently used significantly predicted blood ammonia levels (F(4,81) = 2670, p = 0,038, R2 = 0,116). Conclusion: VIH is relatively high in our sample. There is a dose-dependent association between VPA and blood ammonia level. No association was found between cognitive functions and hyperammonemia however with some limitations. Future, prospective cohort studies are needed. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of adjunctive perampanel treatment in children under 12 years of age with refractory epilepsy$$$ Purpose: There is limited data on the use of perampanel in children under 12 years of age. We evaluated the efficacy and tolerability of adjunctive perampanel treatment in children under 12 years of age with refractory epilepsy. Methods: This retrospective observational study was performed in Kyungpook National University Hospital from July 2016 to March 2018. A responder was defined as a patient with ≥50% reduction in monthly seizure frequency compared with the baseline. Adverse events and discontinuation data were obtained to evaluate tolerability. Results: Twenty-two patients (8 males, 14 females) aged 3.1–11.4 years (mean, 8.±2.5 years) were included in this study. After an average of 9.2 months (range, 0.5–19 months) of follow-up, 15 patients (68%) showed a reduction in seizure frequency, including 5 patients (23%) with seizure freedom. The age at epilepsy onset was significantly lower (P=0.048), and the duration of epilepsy was significantly longer (P=0.019) in responders than in nonresponders. Nine patients (41%) experienced adverse events, including somnolence (23%), respiratory depression (9%), violence (4.5%), and seizure aggravation (4.5%). The most serious adverse event was respiratory depression, which required mechanical ventilation in 2 patients (9%). Eight patients (36%) discontinued perampanel due to lack of efficacy or adverse events. Three out of 4 patients (75%) who discontinued perampanel due to adverse events had an underlying medical condition. Conclusion: Perampanel offers a treatment option for refractory epilepsy in children. Adjunctive treatment with perampanel requires special consideration in those with underlying medical conditions to prevent serious adverse events. ER  - 
Prevalence of neurolupus in a Colombian cohort$$$ Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) can affect the nervous system and present a variety of neurological and psychiatric syndromes but the prevalence of neuropsychiatric manifestations in Colombia is unknown. Methods: Cross-sectional study. Patients were assessed by the department of rheumatology between 2010 and 2013 and included randomly chosen subjects over 18 years of age. Prevalence of neurological manifestations was calculated using a confidence interval of 95%. SLE disease activity index was used as baseline to compare statistically with activity, neurological manifestations and fatality. Mann–Whitney U test was used for quantitative variables, while chi-square test was used for qualitative variables. Results: 306 subjects initially entered into the study, 274 were analyzed, 89.1% were women with a median age of 43 years (interquartile range: 23). Prevalence of neuropsychiatric manifestations was 26.2% (95% CI: 21.2–31%). The most common symptoms were headache (13.1%; 95% CI: 9.1–17.2%), cerebrovascular disease (8%; 95% CI: 5.1–11.3%), acute confusional state (6.6%; 95% CI: 4–9.1%), seizure disorders (4.7%; 95% CI: 2.6–7.3%), and aseptic meningitis (2.2%; 95% CI: 0.7–4%); autonomic neuropathy, polyneuropathy, and myelopathy each occurred at 0.7% (95% CI: 0–1.8%). Patients with neuropsychiatric manifestations had severe disease activity (45.8%) and (31.9%) had moderate disease activity. Conclusions: In hospitalized patients diagnosed with SLE, NPS manifestations can occur in up to 26% of cases, the most frequent being headache, cerebrovascular disease, acute confusional state, seizures, and aseptic meningitis and the most frequent treatment being systemic steroids. Prospective studies are required to determine their prognostic implications in this group of patients. ER  - 
Antiepileptic Drug Treatment Patterns in Women of Childbearing Age with Epilepsy$$$ Importance: Limited population-based data are available on antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment patterns in women of childbearing age with epilepsy; the current population risk is not clear. Objectives: To examine the AED treatment patterns and identify differences in use of valproate sodium and topiramate by comorbidities among women of childbearing age with epilepsy. Design, Setting, and Participants: A retrospective cohort study used a nationwide commercial database and supplemental Medicare as well as Medicaid insurance claims data to identify 46767 women with epilepsy aged 15 to 44 years. The eligible study cohort was enrolled between January 1, 2009, and December 31, 2013. Data analysis was conducted from January 1, 2017, to February 22, 2018. Exposures: Cases required an International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification-coded epilepsy diagnosis with continuous medical and pharmacy enrollment. Incident cases required a baseline of 2 or more years without an epilepsy diagnosis or AED prescription before the index date. For both incident and prevalent cases, focal and generalized epilepsy cohorts were matched by age, payer type, and enrollment period and then compared. Main Outcomes and Measures: Antiepileptic drug treatment pattern according to seizure type and comorbidities. Results: Of the 46767 patients identified, there were 8003 incident cases (mean [SD] age, 27.3 [9.4] years) and 38764 prevalent cases (mean [SD] age, 29.7 [9.0] years). Among 3219 women in the incident epilepsy group who received AEDs for 90 days or more, 3173 (98.6%) received monotherapy as first-line treatment; among 28 239 treated prevalent cases, 18 987 (67.2%) received monotherapy. In 3544 (44.3%) incident cases and 9480 (24.5%) prevalent cases, AED treatment was not documented during 180 days or more of follow-up after diagnosis. Valproate (incident: 35 [5.81%]; prevalent: 514 [13.1%]) and phenytoin (incident: 33 [5.48%]; prevalent: 178 [4.53%]) were more commonly used for generalized epilepsy and oxcarbazepine (incident: 53 [8.03%]; prevalent: 386 [9.89%]) was more often used for focal epilepsy. Levetiracetam (incident: focal, 267 [40.5%]; generalized, 271 [45.0%]; prevalent: focal, 794 [20.3%]; generalized, 871 [22.2%]), lamotrigine (incident: focal, 123 [18.6%]; generalized, 106 [17.6%]; prevalent: focal, 968 [24.8%]; generalized, 871 [22.2%]), and topiramate (incident: focal, 102 [15.5%]; generalized, 64 [10.6%]; prevalent: focal, 499 [12.8%]; generalized, 470 [12.0%]) were leading AEDs prescribed for both focal and generalized epilepsy. Valproate was more commonly prescribed for women with comorbid headache or migraine (incident: 53 of 1251 [4.2%]; prevalent: 839 of 8046 [10.4%]), mood disorder (incident: 63 of 860 [7.3%]; prevalent: 1110 of 6995 [15.9%]), and anxiety and dissociative disorders (incident: 57 of 881 [6.5%]; prevalent: 798 of 5912 [13.5%]). Topiramate was more likely prescribed for those with comorbid headache or migraine (incident: 335 of 1251 [26.8%]; prevalent: 2322 of 8046 [28.9%]). Conclusions and Relevance: Many women appear to be treated with valproate and topiramate despite known teratogenicity risks. Comorbidities may affect selecting certain AEDs despite their teratogenicity risks.. ER  - 
Kratom Use and Toxicities in the United States$$$ Background: Kratom is an herbal supplement containing alkaloids with opioid properties. This review was conducted to determine toxicities associated with kratom use in the United States in order to provide insight into its safety as a dietary supplement. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of kratom exposures reported to the National Poison Data System to determine the toxicities associated with kratom use. We also reviewed records from a county medical examiner's office in New York State to identify kratom-associated fatalities. Results: A total of 2312 kratom exposures were reported, with 935 cases involving kratom as the only substance. Kratom most commonly caused agitation (18.6%), tachycardia (16.9%), drowsiness (13.6%), vomiting (11.2%), and confusion (8.1%). Serious effects of seizure (6.1%), withdrawal (6.1%), hallucinations (4.8%), respiratory depression (2.8%), coma (2.3%), and cardiac or respiratory arrest (0.6%) were also reported. Kratom was listed as a cause or contributing factor in the death of four decedents identified by the county medical examiner's office. Conclusions: Kratom use is increasing and is associated with significant toxicities. Our findings suggest kratom is not reasonably expected to be safe and poses a public health threat due to its availability as an herbal supplement. ER  - 
Clinico-investigative profile of hereditary spastic paraplegia in children$$$ Introduction: Hereditary spastic paraplegia (HSP) is a group of neurogenetic disorders seen mainly in adults. With the advancement in genetics, more than 78 types of HSP have been identified, with increasing identification of HSP in children. However, there is scant literature on this from India. Materials and Methods: Retrospective chart review of patients with HSP diagnosed in the last 6 years was done. The data were extracted and analyzed. Results: A total of 11 patients had a diagnosis of HSP (genetically confirmed), with mean age of presentation at 21.7 months. The main symptom at the time of presentation was delayed walking and/or abnormal gait in the form of tip-toeing and scissoring of limbs. The mean delay in diagnosis was 5.2 years after initial presentation. MRI of the presented children showed mainly thinning of corpus callosum and white-matter changes. All of them had gradual worsening spasticity, despite physiotherapy and drugs. Except one, all children had recessive form of spastic paraplegia. Child with autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia had heterozygous mutation in SPAST gene, which is known to present in the first 2 years of life. Conclusions: HSP is probably not uncommon. Recessive form of HSP is more frequently seen in children. Because of lack of awareness, there is delay in reaching the final diagnosis. ER  - 
Adverse drug reactions experienced by out-patients taking chlorpromazine or haloperidol at Zomba Mental Hospital, Malawi$$$ OBJECTIVE: Drugs for managing mental disorders can cause adverse drug reactions (ADRs) that have negative impacts on patients yet, in Malawi, epidemiological data on the drug-related problems are limited. This study assessed the prevalence and severity of ADRs in out-patients at Zomba Mental Hospital. RESULTS: Twenty-six of forty patients (65.0%) were taking haloperidol and 14 (35.0%) chlorpromazine. The commonest diagnosis was schizophrenia (n = 23, 57.5%) followed by epileptic psychosis (n = 4, 10.0%) and general psychosis (n = 4, 10.0%) with one of psychotic depression and one psychosis secondary to general medical condition. Comorbidities were also found with epilepsy being the commonest (n = 4, 10.0%). All patients reported at least one ADR of varying severity (mild, moderate and severe). Polydipsia was the most prevalent (24, 60.0%) followed by weight gain (20, 50.0%), spasm (15, 37.5%) and xerostomia (15, 37.5%). Some ADRs were gender specific and these included impotence (6/27, 29.6%) for males and menstrual changes (3/14, 21.4%) for females. Severe ADRs were more common in the older aged group (> 35 years 8.3% vs 7.1%), in males (11.1% vs 0.0%) and on chlorpromazine (14.3% vs 3.8%). Patients taking chlorpromazine and haloperidol are at risk of experiencing a wide range of ADRs with varying degrees of severity. ER  - 
Treatment of psychoses in patients with epilepsy: an update$$$ Psychotic disorders represent a relatively rare but serious comorbidity in epilepsy. Current epidemiological studies are showing a point prevalence of 5.6% in unselected samples of people with epilepsy going up to 7% in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy, with a pooled odds ratio of 7.8 as compared with the general population. This is a narrative review of the most recent updates in the management of psychotic disorders in epilepsy, taking into account the clinical scenarios where psychotic symptoms occur in epilepsy, interactions with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and the risk of seizures with antipsychotics. Psychotic symptoms in epilepsy can arise in a number of different clinical scenarios from peri-ictal symptoms, to chronic interictal psychoses, comorbid schizophrenia and related disorders to the so-called forced normalization phenomenon. Data on the treatment of psychotic disorders in epilepsy are still limited and the management of these problems is still based on individual clinical experience. For this reason, guidelines of treatment outside epilepsy should be adopted taking into account epilepsy-related issues including interactions with AEDs and seizure risk. Second-generation antipsychotics, especially risperidone, can represent a reasonable first-line option because of the low propensity for drug–drug interactions and the low risk of seizures. Quetiapine is burdened by a clinically significant pharmacokinetic interaction with enzyme-inducing drugs leading to undetectable levels of the antipsychotic, even for dosages up to 700 mg per day. ER  - 
Paroxysmal visual symptoms in migraine, epilepsy and acute cerebrovascular events$$$ Background and aims: The visual aura of migraine is a well-known entity, with a validated scale for its diagnosis, the Visual Aura Rating Scale. Nevertheless, this diagnosis is not always easy, since the paroxysmal visual symptoms (PVS) are also referred by patients with occipital epilepsy and acute cerebrovascular events. It is therefore relevant to know the differentiating characteristics of SPV in the various neurological pathologies. Methods: Retrospective analysis of all patients followed in the headache, epilepsy and cerebrovascular diseases consult with PVS between November 2017 and March 2018 in Hospital Pedro Hispano. Demographic characteristics of patients, characteristics of PVS and the associated headache and the identification of differentiating characteristics of the identified pathologies. Results: 24 patients were identified. 12 with a diagnosis of migraine, 7 of epilepsy and 5 of acute cerebrovascular disease. Of the parameters evaluated, the ones that presented the greatest correlation with the diagnosis were: the frequency of SPV, unilateral lateralisation versus alternated lateralization, SPV color other than white, the duration of headache after the SPV, the presence of phonophobia and/ or photophobia and nausea and/or vomiting and the presence of motor symptoms. The duration of visual symptoms and the presence of blurred vision, photopsias, myodesopsias, scotomas, hemianopia or amaurosis were not shown to be distinguishing characteristics among the different diagnoses in this cohort. Conclusion: In this study, the variables that presented the highest semiologic value were unilateral lateralisation, SPV with presence of color other than white, association of symptoms of nausea and/or vomiting and phonophobia and/ or photophobia, and the existence of motor symptoms. ER  - 
Effects of an epilepsy-specific digital treatment (emyna) on depression: Results of a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background and aims: Depression is common among people with epilepsy (PwE) but often remains unrecognized and undertreated. Digital interventions that deliver cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) in automated fashion via the internet might improve the quality of depression treatment in epilepsy. However, digitally delivered treatments differ in efficacy and safety and, therefore, each intervention must be examined in randomized controlled trials (RCT). This RCT examined emyna, a novel digital intervention designed to reduce depression and anxiety PwE. Methods: Adults (N=200) with epilepsy, a diagnosis of a depressive disorder, and at least moderately severe depression were randomly assigned to the intervention (n=100) or a control group (n=100). Whereas the intervention group received immediate access to emyna, adjunctively to treatment as usual (TAU), the control group received TAU-only. Depression severity at 3 months was the primary outcome; anxiety, quality of life, socialoccupational impairment, illness-related days off work, and days hospitalized were secondary outcomes. Follow-up assessments were conducted at 6 and 9 months. Results: Intention to treat (ITT) analyses showed statistically and clinically significant intervention effects on the primary outcome (PHQ-9, depression severity, d=0.54, 95%-CI: 0.25-0.82, p<0.001). All secondary outcomes also reached statistical and clinical significance. Additionally, intervention effects were shown on reduction in illnessrelated work absence and hospitalization days, and effects were stable up to 9 months. Conclusion: This RCT provided evidence for the efficacy of emyna, a novel digital psychological intervention for PwE with comorbid depression or anxiety. This new treatment option has the potential to improve the quality of mental health care in epilepsy. ER  - 
Detrimental effects of epilepsy and antiepileptic drugs on sexual function and potency of epileptic male patients$$$ Background and aims: To assess effect of epilepsy and anti-epileptic drug (AED) therapy on sexual function and potency of the epileptic male patients Methods: This is a cross-sectional study incorporated 40 epileptic male patients with mean age of 26.8±2.9 years and 15 control men. Obese patients, patients with mood disturbance or history of other medical or urological disorders that might affect sexual function were excluded from the study. Potency and erectile dysfunction was assessed by using the Arizona Sexual Experience Scale (ASEX) questionnaire. Fasting morning blood samples were obtained to measure serum level of total testosterone, estradiol and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) Results: Mean number of seizure per month was 5.1±2.6 fit/month. Patients had significantly higher ASEX score compared to control men and 20 patients had sexual dysfunction with score value ≥18. patients had right TLE had significantly higher ASEX score compared to both controls and to women had left TLE and 12 patients with right TLE had sexual dysfunction. Patients continue on antiepileptic medication showed higher ASEX score with statistically significance in comparison to both controlled group and those who were not on treatment and 17 patients had sexual dysfunction were maintained on AED. Serum levels of estradiol were significantly lower, while serum levels of SHBG were significantly higher in epileptic patients compared to controls. Conclusion: Epilepsy has a detrimental effect on sexual functions in men and that impact might have been magnified with anti-epileptic drugs, especially for patients with right temporal lobe epilepsy. ER  - 
Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction in central nervous system among neurosyphilis patients: Discontinuation of therapy or not?$$$ Background Syphilis has returned to china with a vengeance since the 21st century, and the epidemiology of neurosyphilis has largely paralleled that of active syphilis. Prompt therapy with high-dose intravenous benzylpenicillin is critical to alleviate clinical symptoms of neurosyphilis patients. However, patients may experience an exacerbation of mental and/or neurological symptoms following the initiation of treatment due to a severe Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction (JHR) in central nervous system (CNS). We retrospectively analyzed the incidence, risk factors and prognosis for JHR in CNS in Shanghai Skin Disease Hospital, China. Methods From July 1, 2017 to December 31, 2018 at our sexually transmitted disease ward, 574 neurosyphilis patients received the high-dose intravenous benzylpenicillin. Patient factors were recorded, including age, gender, neurosyphilis type, serum and cerebrospinal fluid-venereal disease research laboratory test (CSF-VDRL) titer, white blood cell count and protein level of CSF, accompanying symptoms, clinical management and prognosis. Results All patients were HIV negative. The total incidence of JHR in CNS was 7.14% (41/574, 95% CI: 5.23-9.65%), being the most frequent among patients with general paresis. The mean timing of JHR after the initial dose of benzylpenicillin was to start at 6 hours (range: 0.5-13), peak at 8 hours (range: 0.5-20), and subside by 17 hours (range: 10-30). Besides fever and chills, the main symptoms were hallucination, paranoia, aggressive behavior, mental depression, cognitive impairment, confusion, urinary incontinence, stupor, convulsion and seizures in descending order. The JHR was significantly related to higher CSF-VDRL titer, pleocytosis, no usage of antibiotics in the last 6 months (p<0.05). The therapy was stopped with a resolution of seizures in two patients. However, benzylpenicillin was reinstituted uneventfully 3 days later. Conclusion Higher CSF-VDRL titer, pleocytosis and no recent usage of antibiotics were associated with an increased risk for JHR in CNS. Therapy of neurosyphilis can be continued with intensive surveillance. ER  - 
Drug therapeutic failures as a cause of admission to an intensive care unit at a university hospital$$$ Objective: Drug therapeutic failures (TFs) are included in pharmacovigilance reporting, as some authors consider them a type of adverse drug reaction. Given their high frequency in Colombia, we studied their importance as a cause of admission to an intensive care unit (ICU). Methods: This was a cross-sectional observational study. Clinical records of patients who arrived at the emergency service of a third-care level university hospital were reviewed. Information was collected by a resident in clinical toxicology, and each case was validated and analyzed by a research team using the algorithm proposed by Vaca González and Schumock and Thornton criteria for preventability to evaluate the existence of possible medication errors. Findings: In total, 697 clinical records were evaluated and 18 patients presented TFs (2.6%, 95% confidence interval 1.5%-4.1%) as the cause of admission to the ICU. The most frequent TFs were seizures (56%) and hypertension (28%). The most commonly associated medications were valproic acid (28%) and losartan (28%). Ten cases (56%) were associated with drug misuse and the same number of cases was preventable, according to Schumock and Thornton criteria. Conclusion: This is the first study assessing TFs as a cause of admission to the ICU in the Colombian population. The frequency of TFs in our study was similar to that described in the literature; being the most common cause the inappropriate drug use, particularly for drugs with complex kinetics, such as antiepileptic drugs. ER  - 
L-Methylfolate Calcium Supplementation in Adolescents and Children: A Retrospective Analysis$$$ Previous studies have shown l-methylfolate to be a safe and beneficial therapy for neuropsychiatric conditions, including major depressive disorder and schizophrenia in adults. The purpose of this study was to assess safety and describe patient experience using l-methylfolate calcium in a real-world pediatric and adolescent population. A retrospective chart review of patients (7 to 20 y of age, mean age 16 y) prescribed l-methylfolate calcium at a psychiatry clinic in Amherst, NY, between January 1, 2010 and November 10, 2015 was conducted. Patients to whom l-methylfolate calcium 15 mg/d (n = 139) or 7.5 mg/d (n = 7) was administered were identified; 44 patients who were prescribed but to whom l-methylfolate calcium was not administered were included as a comparator population. Common neuropsychiatric diagnoses included anxiety disorders (68% in the treatment population vs. 50% in the comparator population) and mood disorders (57% in the treatment population vs. 52% in the comparator population). Antidepressants (69% vs. 55%) and mood stabilizers or antiepileptic drugs (63% vs. 57%) were frequently prescribed in combination with l-methylfolate calcium. Adverse events occurred less frequently in the treated population, possibly due to the addition of l-methylfolate calcium (10% vs. 25%, P = 0.02). The most common adverse events in the treated population were impaired sleep (5 patients) and increased anxiety (3 patients). Rates of laboratory abnormalities did not differ significantly between the treated and comparator populations (P = 0.13). Positive subjective treatment experiences were reported by 22.5% of treated patients and negative subjective treatment experiences were reported by 5.4% of treated patients. L-methylfolate calcium was well-tolerated in a pediatric/adolescent population and may provide benefits for patients with a range of neuropsychiatric conditions. ER  - 
Mindfulness-based psychotherapy for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: An uncontrolled trial$$$ Background: Mindfulness-based psychotherapies (MBT) are effective in many neuropsychiatric disorders. Mindfulness is a treatment modality worth exploring in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Objective: Determine efficacy of a manualized 12-session MBT for PNES. We hypothesized reductions in event frequency, intensity, and duration, and improvements in quality of life and psychiatric symptom severity at treatment completion. Methods: Between 08/ 2014 and 02/2018, 49 patients with documented PNES (with video-EEG) were recruited at Brigham and Women's Hospital. Baseline demographic/clinical information and selfrating scales were obtained during the diagnostic admission (T0). Baseline event frequency, intensity, and duration were collected at the first follow-up postdischarge (T1). Frequency was obtained at each subsequent MBT session and analyzed over time with median regression analysis. Outcomes for other measures, including self-rating scales, were collected at the 12th MBT session (T3), and compared with baseline measures (T0 or T1) using linear mixed models. Results: Twenty-six patients completed the 12-session MBT program and were included in the analysis. Median event frequency decreased by 0.12 events/week on average with each successive MBT session (p=0.002). Seventy percent reported a 50% reduction in frequency from baseline and 50% reported remission at session 12. By treatment end, event intensity decreased (p=0.012), event duration trended toward reduction (p=0.100), quality of life improved (p=0.002), and psychiatric symptom severity had nonsignificant reductions. Conclusions: Completion of a manualized 12-session MBT for PNES provides improvement in event frequency, intensity, and quality of life. Randomized controlled trials and longer-term outcomes are needed to demonstrate the efficacy of MBT in PNES. ER  - 
Exploring intimate partner violence in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are paroxysmal events, not caused by ictal epileptiform activity. Objective: We explored reported rates of military sexual trauma (MST), traumatic brain injury (TBI), childhood abuse, and intimate partner violence (IPV) in post 9/11 veterans as risk factors in PNES. Methods: This retrospective chart review included 414 veterans utilizing the VA healthcare system, diagnosed with PNES through video electroencephalograph from 2003-2016. Statistical analyses were conducted using SPSS version 24.0, Fisher's exact results are reported. Results: Of the 414 veterans, 342 (83%) were men. TBI was reported by 158 (38%), MST in 49 (12%), and 32 (8%) reported both. IPV was reported in 21 (5%), with physical abuse in 14 (67%). Childhood abuse was reported in 112 (27%); of these, sexual abuse was reported in 64 (57%) and physical abuse in 62 (55%). Veterans with a history of childhood abuse were more likely to have suicidal intentions of any type (p=0.0001), with significant passive ideations (p=0.007), as well as attempts (p=0.0001). Veterans with either a history of IPV (p=0.75) or childhood abuse (p=0.85) were not more likely to seek out psychotherapy. Most (225, 54%) reported more than 30 seizures in the year preceding PNES diagnosis. Conclusion: Like the civilian population, a substantial proportion of Veterans with PNES report childhood physical and sexual trauma as well as IPV. Veterans have increased risk for PNES because of the potential exposure to MST. Future research will explore the role of psychotherapy in preventing PNES and interrupting the cycle of IPV. ER  - 
Bipolar disorder or not? Case report of lacosamide associated mania in elderly man$$$ Background: Many antiepileptic (AEDs) medications can cause adverse drug reactions. Behavioral side effects that can be associated with AEDs are often overlooked but are significant. Lacosamide (LCM) is an antiepileptic drug (AED) used as an adjunctive treatment for partial seizures. LCM associated psychosis has been reported but no reports on LCM and mania symptoms. This presentation presents similarly to symptoms observed in Bipolar Disorder. We present the first case of mania in a 71-year-old man after usage of LCM for epilepsy, with subsequent resolution following discontinuation of LCM. Case History: A 71-year-old man with a history of epilepsy, exhibited an increase in seizure activity, changes in personality, mood, and behavior (increased energy, paranoid delusions, grandiosity, aggression, impulsivity, memory impairment after initiation of LCM. Similar presentation last year when tried on Levetiracetam. Symptoms resolved after cessation of LCM, implicating LCM as the culprit and making Bipolar Disorder less likely. Conclusions: Case reports of many AED induced mania have been reported, however, to the best of our knowledge, this is the first case of LCM induced mania. This case illustrates the importance of recognizing the causal and temporal relationship of AED and manic symptoms as in such cases cessation of the medication and subsequent trial with the same medication is not recommended. Despite many published reports, the mechanism of AED induced mania remains unclear. Further studies are required to better understand the pathophysiology of this syndrome as it will affect the management of psychiatric disorders of epilepsy, prevent misdiagnosis and unnecessary treatment. ER  - 
IS MBS RESTRICTION ON EEGS TRULY BENEFICIAL? RETROSPECTIVE OBSERVATIONAL ANALYSIS OF EEG REFERRAL PATTERNS$$$ Introduction The November 2018 Medicare Benefits Schedule (MBS) Taskforce draft report recommends standardised national referral form for routine electroencephalogram (EEG) requests to prevent low value clinician referrals. MBS defines twelve clinical presentations where routine EEG is of relatively low diagnostic value. We aim to identify proportion of MBS defined low diagnostic value EEGs and likely referral patterns. Methods Retrospective single centre observational study was conducted from January to December 2018. All EEG referrals to a tertiary hospital neurodiagnostic unit were categorised as low or high yield based on MBS recommendation. Sub-group analysis of the low yield group was carried out. Results Total of 1210 EEG referrals were analysed and 5 were excluded from analysis due to insufficient clinical data. Of these referrals 1114 (92.4%) were for high yield indications, 77 (6.4%) for low yield and 14 (1.2%) were indeterminate as to low or high value. Of low yield referrals, 70% were referred for syncope or presyncope and 18.2% for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. Low yield EEGs were referred by hospital doctors, neurologists and general partitioners by proportions of 37.7%, 33.7% and 28.6% respectively. Four (5.2%) low diagnostic value EEGs were abnormal. Conclusion Current clinical practice for EEG referrals is in line with MBS draft review recommendations. We believe addition of a standardised referral form and restricting referrals will have minimal impact on referral quality. ER  - 
CAN SEIZURE-RELATED HEART RATE DIFFERENTIATE EPILEPTIC SEIZURES FROM PSYCHOGENIC NONEPILEPTIC SEIZURES?$$$ Introduction This study aims to (i)evaluate the diagnostic sensitivity, specificity and predictive values of seizure-related heart rate (HR) in differentiating epileptic seizures(ES) from psychogenic non-epileptic seizures(PNES), (ii)define the most useful point of HR measurement: pre-ictal, ictal-onset, maximal- ictal or post-ictal, and (iii)define the HR cut-off points to differentiate ES from PNES. Methods All video EEG(VEEG) at Monash Health from May 2009 to November 2015 were retrospectively reviewed. Baseline( during wakefulness), one-minute pre-ictal, ictal-onset, maximal- ictal and one-minute post-ictal HR were measured for each ES and PNES event. Events less than ten seconds or with uninterpretable ECG due to artefacts were excluded. ROC curve analysis was performed to study the diagnostic accuracy reflected by area under the curve(AUC). The AUC was interpreted as follows; £0.5, differentiation of PNES from ES no better than chance; 0.80-0.89, good differentiation; and 0.9-1, excellent differentiation. Results VEEG of 341 ES and 265 PNES from 130 patients were analysed. The AUC for pre-ictal, ictal-onset, maximalictal and post-ictal HR were found to have poor differentiation between ES and PNES. Comparing PNES and bilateral tonic-clonic ES, AUC for absolute maximal-ictal HR was 0.84(CI 0.73-0.95) and for absolute post-ictal HR was 0.90 (CI 0.81-1.00). Using Youden's index, to diagnose tonicclonic ES, the optimal cut-off point for absolute maximalictal HR was 114bpm (sensitivity 84%;specificity 82%;PPV 26.7%,NPV 98.5%) and for absolute post-ictal HR was 90bpm(sensitivity 91%;specificity 82%;PPV 30.3%;NPV 99.1%). Conclusions These findings suggest that seizure-related HR increase is useful in differentiating bilateral tonic-clonic ES from PNES. Based on the AUC, the best diagnostic measureme. ER  - 
Diagnosis and Treatment of the Factitious Disorder on Another, Previously Called Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy$$$ In the factitious disorder (FD) on another, formerly called Munchausen syndrome by proxy (MSbP), one of the parents, the mother in 95% of the cases, fabricates or invents clinical symptoms in her child with the intention of convincing doctors and pediatricians that the child is sick. In the chapter on addictive disorders of the 5th Edition of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, the gambling disorder was included, opening up the possibility of incorporating other problematic addictive risk behaviors in the same chapter. In this work, we intend to provide current data for improving the detection and treatment of MSbP as addictive disorder. Four clinical cases of MSbP studied by the authors are described. Retrospective analysis and semi-structured interviews were carried out to assess the psychopathological profile of MSbP. The four perpetrating mothers in the cases studied had a common and characteristic psychopathological profile. These mothers falsified diseases in their victimized children, obtaining rewards from the hospitalization of their children. The continuous alteration of the mother-to-child attachment with a pathological bond, which is at the basis of therapeutic intervention together with the mothers’ emotional confrontation with reality, is verified. It is proposed that the psychopathological profile of the perpetrator of FD on another corresponds to an addictive disorder, in which the hospital context is compulsively sought, providing a high degree of gratification and reward. ER  - 
The acute effects of aerobic exercise on sleep in patients with depression: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Unipolar depression is one of the most important mental disorders. Insomnia is a symptom of cardinal importance in depression. It increases the risk to develop depression, negatively affects disease trajectory, is the most common symptom after remission, increases the risk of relapse, and is associated with higher suicide rates. Existing therapies for insomnia in depression have limitations. Further adjuvant therapies are therefore needed. Acute aerobic exercise has been shown to have beneficial effects on sleep in healthy individuals and patients with insomnia. We therefore hypothesize that a single session of aerobic exercise has a positive impact on sleep in patients with unipolar depression. This trial aims to investigate the effects of a single bout of aerobic exercise on the subsequent night's sleep in patients with depression. Methods/design: This is a two-arm parallel group, randomized, outcome assessor blinded, controlled, superiority trial. Patients between 18 and 65 years of age with a primary diagnosis of unipolar depression (without a psychotic episode) are included. Exclusion criteria are regular use of hypnotic agents, opioids, and certain beta-blockers, as well as the presence of factors precluding exercise, history of epilepsy, restless legs syndrome, moderate obstructive sleep apnea, and a BMI > 40. The intervention is a single bout of aerobic exercise, performed for 30 min on a bicycle ergometer at 80% individual anaerobic threshold. The control group sits and reads for 30 min. The primary outcome is sleep efficiency measured by polysomnography. Secondary outcomes include further polysomnographic variables, subjective pre-sleep arousal, nocturnal cardiovascular autonomic modulation, subjective sleep quality, daytime sleepiness, and adverse events. According to the sample size calculation, a total of 92 patients will be randomized using minimization. Discussion: This trial will add new information to the body of knowledge concerning the treatment of insomnia in patients with depression. Thereby, the results will inform decision makers on the utility of acute aerobic exercise. ER  - 
Clinical effects of reported synthetic cannabinoid exposure in patients admitted to the intensive care unit$$$ Objective: To characterize the clinical presentation and hospital course of patients with reported synthetic cannabinoid (SC) exposure requiring Intensive Care Unit (ICU) admission. Design: Retrospective case series of patients admitted to medical or cardiac ICU. Setting: Urban tertiary care center. Participants: Adults ≥18 years old admitted from the emergency department (ED) in 2015. Measurements: Demographics, Sequential Organ Failure Assessment (SOFA) scores, and clinical parameters documenting the effects and hospital course. Results: 23 patients met inclusion criteria. Median age was 47 years (interquartile range [IQR], 32–54); 83% male; 78% black. Patients were generally tachycardic (HR > 100), (65%) and hypertensive (SBP > 140), (65%) on admission. The initial chest X-ray and ECG were abnormal in 43% and 68% of patients, respectively. Pulmonary edema and tachycardia were the most common findings. Head CT imaging was abnormal in 5% of patients. Troponin was elevated >1.0 ng/ml in 3 of 19 patients (16%). Other exposures detected on admission were marijuana (30%), alcohol (30%), and benzodiazepines (26%). The median SOFA score was 6 on admission and decreased over the next 3 days. SOFA scores were primarily driven by altered neurologic status and respiratory failure. 91% required mechanical ventilation, 30% had seizures as a part of presentation, 18% required vasopressors, and 5% needed dialysis. Median hospital and ICU lengths of stay were 2.6 (IQR 1.4–3.5) and 1.6 (IQR 0.9–2.5) days, respectively. The median hospital charge was $37,008. All patients survived the index hospitalization. Conclusions: Patients admitted to ICU after SC exposure exhibit significant organ dysfunction, particularly neurologic and respiratory. Prognosis is good with supportive care. ER  - 
Clinical time course of pediatric acute disseminated encephalomyelitis$$$ The detailed clinical time course in acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM) from initial symptoms, through exacerbation, to remission has not been widely reported. Hence, this study aimed to investigate the clinical time course of pediatric ADEM. This was a multicenter retrospective study based on registry data from medical chart reviews. The study included children who met the international consensus diagnostic criteria for ADEM. The patients comprised 18 boys and 6 girls, with a mean age of 5.5 ± 3.3 years at onset. From onset, the time until peak neurological symptoms, time until initial improvement, and time until full recovery was 3.1 ± 3.7 days, 6.0 ± 4.5 days, and 26 ± 34 days, respectively. Twenty-three (96%) patients were treated with high-dose methylprednisolone (mPSL) with a mean duration of 4.1 ± 4.0 days from onset. The condition of 15 patients (65%) improved within 3 days of high-dose mPSL initiation, whereas, that of four patients began to improve after >5 days of high-dose mPSL initiation. Only one patient (4%) did not achieve full recovery despite treatment with high-dose mPSL, intravenous immunoglobulin, and plasma exchange. This study presents the detailed clinical time course in pediatric ADEM in Japan. Progression of neurologic deficits typically lasts a few days, with initial improvement in 1 week leading to full recovery within 1 month. ER  - 
Delirium Risk Factors and Associated Outcomes in a Neurosurgical Cohort: A Case-Control Study$$$ Objective: There are limited reports examining delirium in cohorts of neurosurgical patients across inpatient settings without separation based on subspecialty distinction. It is of interest to identify consistent delirium risk factors across various cranial pathologies and inpatient settings that will inform future interventional studies. Methods: Delirium rates, patient and hospitalization risk factors, and clinical outcomes in 235 patients undergoing a cranial procedure were examined in a retrospective fashion. Results: Fifty-two (22.1%) patients experienced delirium during their hospital stay. Patient factors predictive of delirium on univariate logistic regression were older age, a diagnosis of hydrocephalus or intracranial infection, transfer from an outside hospital, and admission through the emergency department. Hospitalization factors predictive of delirium included longer length of intensive care unit (ICU) stay, abnormal sodium values preceding delirium, a new postoperative infection, and the presence of a neurologic deficit. Using recursive partitioning, age ≥72.56 years and ICU length of stay ≥5 days were identified as critical thresholds for predicting delirium (odds ratio [OR] 4.61 and 18.2, respectively). On multivariate logistic regression analysis, age (unit OR 1.05), length of ICU stay (unit OR 1.2), and a neurologic deficit (OR 5.4) were predictive of delirium. Furthermore, delirium was also significantly associated with a longer length of admission as well as decreased likelihood for discharge home. Conclusions: Delirium is a frequent occurrence after neurosurgery with older age, longer ICU stay, and a neurologic deficit being consistent risk factors across inpatient settings. These results help identify at-risk patients for delirium on a neurosurgical service to enact interventions preemptively. ER  - 
Interictal dysphoric disorder of epilepsy: A continuing diagnostic challenge$$$ Objective: The interictal dysphoric disorder (IDD) is a proposed epilepsy-specific mood disorder characterized by a cluster of symptoms such as depressed mood, irritability, euphoria, and anxiety. Since its introduction, the concept of IDD has been a matter of debate. This study aimed to evaluate the frequency of the IDD and the association between psychiatric disorders and IDD. We also analyzed potential associations between IDD symptoms and epilepsy-related variables. Methods: A consecutive group of 118 outpatients with epilepsy were screened. Ninety-six patients met inclusion criteria and examined by a trained psychiatrist using Structured Clinical Interview for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders fourth edition Text Revision (DSM-IV-TR) (SCID-I). In order to diagnose IDD, all participants completed the self-rating questionnaire consisting of a set of questions aimed to assess the eight key symptoms of IDD. On completion of the questionnaire, the psychiatrist reviewed all the data for completeness and accuracy with the patient. Results: In our group with epilepsy, we observed IDD in 49.0% (47 of 96) of people with epilepsy (PWE) with substantial overlap (85%) of IDD with depressive and anxiety disorders. The frequency of depressive mood, anergia, and irritability was significantly higher in patients with IDD diagnosis. Older age at epilepsy onset was associated with IDD. Study limitations: The cross-sectional study design, a consecutive sample of patients presenting to a tertiary referral center, a small sample size of the population, and applied methodology could have affected the results. Conclusions: The present study indicates that IDD occurs in high frequency in PWE with a substantial overlap of IDD with depressive and anxiety disorders. The study highlights the importance of the observer-based systematic approach for diagnosing IDD and the usage of operationalized diagnostic criteria for psychiatric comorbidities in PWE. Future research should be directed at validating whether IDD is nosologically independent of other psychiatric conditions. ER  - 
Effect of a 10-day transcutaneous trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS) protocol for depression amelioration: A randomized, double blind, and sham-controlled phase II clinical trial$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is one of the leading causes of disability in the world. However, treatment options are still limited, and marked by high refractoriness rates, new approaches are needed to optimize clinical improvement. Trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS) is an innovative neuromodulation strategy consisting on the application of an electric current over the trigeminal nerve that propagates stimuli towards brain areas involved in mood control. Objective: We examined the effects of TNS in MDD after a 10-day experimental protocol. Methods: This was a randomized, double blind, and sham-controlled phase II study with 24 patients with severe MDD. Patients underwent a 10-day intervention protocol and were assessed with the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) at following three observation points: baseline (T1), after 10 days (T2), and after one month of the last stimulation session (T3). Main clinical outcome analysis of variance (ANOVA) was performed. Results: Patients in the active group presented a mean reduction of 36.15% in depressive symptoms after the stimulation protocol. There was a significant interaction between group and time regarding HDRS-17 scores (F = 3.18; df = 2; p = 0.0456). Post hoc analyses exhibited a statistically significant difference between active and sham group symptoms at T2 (p = 0.040) and T3 (p = 0.026), which highlights the sustained amelioration of depressive symptoms. Conclusion: The present study found amelioration of depressive symptoms for patients undergoing a 10-day stimulation protocol of TNS, and this was sustained after one month of follow-up. ER  - 
Autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder-related symptoms in benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes: A prospective case–control study$$$ Background: Benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS), one of the most common idiopathic epilepsy syndromes in children, has been associated with neuropsychological problems. Purpose: The objective of this study was to investigate the frequency of symptoms related to comorbid neurodevelopmental disorders, the autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with typical BECTS, and to identify corresponding risk factors. Methods: Children and adolescents with typical BECTS aged 6–16 years were included in the study period from January 1, 2017, to December 31, 2017. Children with atypical presentations of BECTS, other neurological disorders, and preexisting neuropsychiatric disorders were excluded. The ASD and ADHD were assessed by the Social Communication Questionnaire (SCQ) and the Turgay Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders – 4th Edition – Disruptive Behavior Disorders Rating Scale (T-DSM-IV-S), respectively. Patients' scores were compared with those of healthy subjects. Correlation analyses were performed to evaluate the association between the age at seizure onset, the total number of seizures and the SCQ and T-DSM-IV-S scores. Results: Fifty-eight children with BECTS and 60 healthy children participated in the study. The total SCQ score, the SCQ reciprocal social interaction score, and the SCQ communication score significantly differed between children with BECTS and the control group (p = 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.001, respectively). The total ADHD score was significantly different between patients and controls (p < 0.001). A significant difference was observed between patients and controls in terms of the T-DSM-IV-S hyperactivity–impulsivity score and the T-DSM-IV-S inattention score (p = 0.012, p < 0.001, respectively). The age at seizure onset was significantly correlated with the total SCQ score (p = 0.03). The Spearman's correlation coefficient was 0.352 for the total SCQ score, indicating a positive association between the age at seizure onset and the total SCQ score. Conclusion: Children with typical BECTS may have an increased risk of suffering from symptoms of ASD and ADHD. Children with late onset of seizures may be more likely to develop neuropsychological disturbances regarding ASD and ADHD. ER  - 
Cognitive-behavioural treatment of functional neurological symptoms in children and adolescents$$$ Aim: To describe a cognitive-behavioural treatment (CBT)and clinical outcomes in a series of children with functional neurological symptoms (FNS), the majority having non-epileptic seizures (NES). Methods: Thirty-six children were assessed. Of these, 22 (13 male, 9 female)with a mean age 14.5 years (SDINS; /INS;=INS; /INS;2.6, range 6–/INS;17 years)completed CBT embedded in routine child and adolescent clinical/systemic practice. 13 of these had non-epileptic seizures (NES). Treatment outcomes were measured at baseline and post-intervention on the Child Global Assessment Scale (CGAS), Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ), Goal Based Outcomes (GBO)and Revised Child Anxiety and Depression Scale (RCADS). Results: Scores on the CGAS improved significantly post-intervention (pINS; /INS;< /INS;.001)with 82% of participants showing reliable change. Individualised goals (GBO)- including return to school, social improvement and increased leisure activities – also showed clinically meaningful gains. Standard measures of emotional and behavioural symptoms (SDQ and RCADS)did not correlate well with clinical diagnoses, were usually subthreshold at baseline, and did not show significant improvement post-intervention. Conclusion: The outcome of this pilot study suggests that CBT can be effective in the rehabilitation of young patients with FNS including those with NES. Detection of common comorbid psychiatric disorders was not assisted by use of standardized/INS; measures, although most participants were clinically anxious or depressed. More research is needed to understand why children with FNS and their parents may not endorse mental health symptoms on questionnaires, and to further evaluate interventions within randomized/INS; controlled trials. ER  - 
The relationship between illnesses and medical drug consumption with the occurrence of traffic accidents among truck and bus drivers in Tehran, Iran$$$ Purpose: To determine the relationship of illnesses and medical drug consumption with the occurrence of traffic accidents among truck and bus drivers. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study on truck and bus drivers in Tehran, Iran. The criteria for participating in this study were: married males over 30 years old, driving license in grade one, five years of job experience, mental health and non-addiction license. The criterion for not participating in this study was the lack of cooperation in responding to the questions. Six months was spent to collect the latest five years data of driving accidents from 2011 to 2016. A total of 323 truck and bus drivers in Tehran city and the suburbs, Iran were chosen. Among them, 112 were responsible for accidents (accident group)while 211 were not responsible for any accidents or involved in an accident in the last five years (non-accident group). A specially designed questionnaire was used to investigate the demographic information, medical drug consumption, medical backgrounds and history of accidents. Results: The results revealed that compared with healthy subjects, the occurrence of accidents among people with diabetes (OR = 2.3, p = 0.001)and vision weakness (OR = 1.7, p = 0.020)was significantly higher, while that among people with cardiac (OR = 0.5, p = 0.002)and hypertension (OR = 0.9, p = 0.048)problems was remarkably lower. Moreover, consumption of Gemfibrozil (OR = 1.8, p = 0.010)and Glibenclamide (OR = 2.2, p = 0.002)drugs resulted in significantly higher incidence of accidents than those without. Conclusion: Frequencies of illnesses like cardiovascular and hypertension were not higher in accident drivers than in non-accident drivers; but diabetes, vision weakness and consumption of Gemfibrozil and Glibenclamide lead to more traffic accidents. ER  - 
Clobazam as an adjunctive treatment for infantile spasms$$$ Infantile spasms constitute a catastrophic epileptic condition. Seizures in approximately half of children with infantile spasms fail to improve with initial treatment attempts; at present, data regarding alternative treatments are limited. We assessed the efficacy of clobazam as an adjunctive therapy in patients whose seizures failed to respond to initial regimens of standard treatment for infantile spasms. All patients from Severance Children's Hospital who received clobazam as adjunctive therapy for infantile spasms were selected for the study. The efficacy of clobazam was evaluated by assessing the daily spasm frequency. Patients were categorized as complete responders if the spasms disappeared within 2 weeks of introducing clobazam, and the patients became spasm-free during weeks 3 and 4. Tolerability was gauged by analyzing adverse events and discontinuation rates. In all, 171 patients qualified for the analysis. Clobazam was introduced after the administration of 2.6 (median; interquartile range [IQR], 1.0–4.0) failed antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), at the age of 8.2 months (IQR, 6.0–10.0 months). After clobazam therapy was initiated, 38 (22.2%) patients became spasm-free for ≥ 2 weeks. Thirteen out of the 38 complete responders remained spasm-free until the last follow-up and did not require the administration of other AEDs. In 10 patients, the electroencephalogram (EEG) tracings were also within normal limits. These patients were successfully weaned off of all AEDs. Patients with conditions of unknown etiology, who had fewer prior exposures to AEDs, and had not received prior adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH)/steroids were more likely to have complete spasm control than the others. Adverse effects were minor, and only 6 of 101 (6%) patients who experienced adverse events had their treatments discontinued during the 3-month follow-up period. The most common adverse events observed were hypersalivation, sedation, and sleep disturbance. Thus, clobazam might be an effective and safe alternative therapeutic option in patients whose seizures failed to respond to initial regimens of standard treatment for infantile spasms. Further prospective studies on clobazam for infantile spasms, focusing on specific good response groups, dosing protocols, and long-term outcome are needed. ER  - 
Prevalence and predictors of psychotropic medication use in adolescents and adults with autism spectrum disorder in Italy: A cross-sectional study$$$ Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)is a group of life-long neurodevelopmental conditions with a prevalence of 1.5% in developed countries. Beside core symptomatology, ASD people are frequently affected by psychiatric comorbidities and behavioral problems. To date, only risperidone and aripiprazole have been approved for the pharmacological treatment of ASD-associated irritability in children and adolescents, while no guidelines exist for adults. The present cross-sectional study examined the prevalence and predictors of psychotropic medication use in 195 autistic subjects, aged between 14 and 58, treated in two Italian tertiary care centers. 58.5% of the sample were taking at least one medication; one third of the sample were on polypharmacotherapy. Antipsychotics were prescribed to 40% of the sample. Nearly 30% of the sample were on anticonvulsants/mood stabilizers. Both antidepressants and benzodiazepines were prescribed to approximately 16% of the subjects. IQ, epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities were regarded as independent predictors of both mono- and polypharmacotherapy, while severity of repetitive behaviors predicted only polypharmacotherapy. Our data highlighted that medications prescribed to adolescents and adults with ASD are heterogeneous and often rely only on clinicians’ experience. Future research should investigate the effectiveness of psychotropic drugs in this specific population, to promote the development of appropriate treatment guidelines. ER  - 
Early clinical predictors of autism spectrum disorder in infants with tuberous sclerosis complex: Results from the EPISTOP study$$$ Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is highly prevalent in subjects with Tuberous Sclerosis Complex (TSC), but we are not still able to reliably predict which infants will develop ASD. This study aimed to identify the early clinical markers of ASD and/or developmental delay (DD) in infants with an early diagnosis of TSC. We prospectively evaluated 82 infants with TSC (6–24 months of age), using a detailed neuropsychological assessment (Bayley Scales of Infant Development—BSID, and Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule—ADOS), in the context of the EPISTOP (Long-term, prospective study evaluating clinical and molecular biomarkers of EPIleptogenesiS in a genetic model of epilepsy—Tuberous SclerOsis ComPlex) project (NCT02098759). Normal cognitive developmental quotient at 12 months excluded subsequent ASD (negative predictive value 100%). The total score of ADOS at 12 months clearly differentiated children with a future diagnosis of ASD from children without (p = 0.012). Atypical socio-communication behaviors (p < 0.001) were more frequently observed than stereotyped/repetitive behaviors in children with ASD at 24 months. The combined use of BSID and ADOS can reliably identify infants with TSC with a higher risk for ASD at age 6–12 months, allowing for clinicians to target the earliest symptoms of abnormal neurodevelopment with tailored intervention strategies. ER  - 
The effects of provider-prescribed obesogenic drugs on post-laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy outcomes: a retrospective cohort study$$$ Background:: Laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG) is one of the most commonly performed bariatric procedures and has proven effective in providing weight loss. However, considerable variance has been noted in the degree of weight loss. Physician prescription practices may be negatively affecting weight loss post-LSG and, thus, contributing to the broad range of weight loss outcomes. The aim of our study was to determine whether commonly prescribed obesogenic medications negatively affect weight loss outcomes post-LSG. Subjects/methods:: This single center retrospective cohort study performed at a University hospital included 323 patients (≥18 years) within the University California, San Diego Healthcare System who underwent LSG between 2007 and 2016. We identified a list of 32 commonly prescribed medications that have weight gain as a side effect. We compared the percent excess weight loss (%EWL) of patients divided into two groups based on post-LSG exposure to obesogenic medications. A linear regression model was used to analyze %EWL at 12 months post-LSG while controlling for age, initial body mass index (BMI), and use of leptogenic medications. Results:: A total of 150 patients (Meds group) were prescribed obesogenic medications within the one-year post-LSG follow up period, whereas 173 patients (Control group) were not prescribed obesogenic medications. The Meds group lost significantly less weight compared to the Control group (%EWL ± SEM at 12 months 53.8 ± 2.4 n = 78, 65.0 ± 2.6, n = 84 respectively, P = 0.002). This difference could not be attributed to differences in age, gender, initial BMI, co-morbidities, or prescription of leptogenic medications between the two groups. Conclusions:: The use of provider-prescribed obesogenic medications was associated with worse weight loss outcomes post-LSG. Closer scrutiny of patient medications may be necessary to help improve outcomes of weight loss treatments. ER  - 
Multimorbidity and healthcare utilization among early survivors of pediatric cancer$$$ Early survivors of pediatric cancer are at increased risk of experiencing chronic conditions; however, little is known about the morbidity burden in this population. In this observational cohort study of commercially insured pediatric cancer survivors in the United States (2009–2014), we find that 22.5% of survivors had one chronic condition, and 36.3% had multiple. Compared with survivors without chronic conditions, the presence of multiple conditions significantly increased the odds of an emergency department visit by 70% (odds ratios [OR], 1.7; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.4–2.1) and of a hospitalization almost four-fold (OR, 3.8; 95% CI], 2.5–5.5). Findings are important for informing pediatric survivorship care plans in the years following completion of therapy. ER  - 
Bilateral volume reduction in posterior hippocampus in psychosis of epilepsy$$$ Objective Psychosis of epilepsy (POE) occurs more frequently in temporal lobe epilepsy, raising the question as to whether abnormalities of the hippocampus are aetiologically important. Despite decades of investigation, it is unclear whether hippocampal volume is reduced in POE, perhaps due to small sample sizes and methodological limitations of past research. Methods In this study, we examined the volume of the total hippocampus, and the hippocampal head, body and tail, in a large cohort of patients with POE and patients with epilepsy without psychosis (EC). One hundred adults participated: 50 with POE and 50 EC. Total and subregional hippocampal volumes were manually traced and compared between (1) POE and EC; (2) POE with temporal lobe epilepsy, extratemporal lobe epilepsy and generalised epilepsy; and (3) patients with POE with postictal psychosis (PIP) and interictal psychosis (IP). Results Compared with EC the POE group had smaller total left hippocampus volume (13.5% decrease, p<0.001), and smaller left hippocampal body (13.3% decrease, p=0.002), and left (41.5% decrease, p<0.001) and right (36.4% decrease, p<0.001) hippocampal tail volumes. Hippocampal head volumes did not differ between groups. Conclusion Posterior hippocampal volumes are bilaterally reduced in POE. Volume loss was observed on a posteroanterior gradient, with severe decreases in the tail and moderate volume decreases in the body, with no difference in the hippocampal head. Posterior hippocampal atrophy is evident to a similar degree in PIP and IP. Our findings converge with those reported for the paradigmatic psychotic disorder, schizophrenia, and suggest that posterior hippocampal atrophy may serve as a biomarker of the risk for psychosis, including in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy: Brand-name (HOLOXAN®) vs generic formulation (IFOSFAMIDE EG®)$$$ What is known and Objective: Two forms of ifosfamide are commercially available in France: HOLOXAN® (brand-name drug) and IFOSFAMIDE EG® (generic drug). Following the marketing launch of the generic drug, there has been a significant increase in cases of ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy reported in France. Our objective is to compare the incidence of ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy in adult patients treated with HOLOXAN® or IFOSFAMIDE EG®. Methods: This is a retrospective study of adult patients treated with ifosfamide in two medical centers from 2013 to 2017, with data analysed from medical records. Comparisons of patients were made, according to the formulation used and according to the occurrence of ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy. The groups of patients were compared using a chi-square or Fisher's exact test for qualitative parameters and a Wilcoxon test for quantitative parameters. To include confounding factors in the analysis of the impact of drug formulation on the occurrence of ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy, a generalized linear model was performed with the occurrence of ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy as the dependent parameter, and the formulation and the confounding factors as explanatory parameters. Results and Discussion: A total of 191 patients were included: 103 patients received HOLOXAN® (53.9%) and 88 patients received IFOSFAMIDE EG® (46.1%). In the HOLOXAN® group, the median infusion time was higher (12 hours vs 3h, P < 0.001) and aprepitant was administered more frequently (78.6% vs 69.7%, P < 0.001) than for the IFOSFAMIDE EG® group. Ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy occurred in 11 patients (5.8%, CI 95% [2.9%, 10.0%]). In the ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy group, median infusion time was higher (12 hours [12; 24] vs 3 hours [2; 12] P < 0.001) and a poor performance status was more frequent (54.5% vs 13.9%, P = 0.002) than in the group without ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy. The frequency of ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy in the HOLOXAN® group was 1.9% (2/103) against 10.2% (9/88) in the IFOSFAMIDE EG® group (P = 0.014). Multivariate analysis revealed that treatment with IFOSFAMIDE EG® resulted in significantly more ifosfamide-induced encephalopathies compared to HOLOXAN® (OR and CI 95%:7.4 [1.4; 39.5], P = 0.018). We identified two other risk factors for ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy: long-term infusion and a performance status of two or higher. What is New and Conclusion: The formation of chloroethylamine in solution could be the cause of more frequent ifosfamide-induced encephalopathies with IFOSFAMIDE EG® compared to HOLOXAN®. Application of these data could help in the choice of ifosfamide formulation in adult patients to decrease the risk of ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy, and more specifically for patients with risk factors. ER  - 
Mood, anxiety, and perceived quality of life in adults with epilepsy and intellectual disability$$$ Objective: Depression and anxiety symptoms are common among patients with epilepsy, but are relatively under-researched in patients with both epilepsy and intellectual disability (ID). The aim was to investigate whether epilepsy and ID characteristics are associated with mood, anxiety, and quality of life. Materials and Methods: Adult patients with epilepsy and ID who rely on tertiary epilepsy care were included (N = 189). Mood, anxiety, and quality of life were assessed by standardized questionnaires. Epilepsy and ID characteristics were retrieved from patient charts or determined by psychometric instruments. Results: Elevated levels of depressive and anxiety symptoms were present in 21.7% and 12.7%, respectively. Anxiety was significantly associated with a focal epilepsy type and ID domain discrepancy (substantial difference between two domains of adaptive behavior), but was negatively related to seizure frequency and drug load of mood-stabilizing antiepileptic drugs. Depressive symptoms were not significantly related to epilepsy characteristics, but a severe ID and ID domain discrepancy was associated with more depressive symptoms. Quality of life was significantly worse in those with multiple seizure types and ID domain discrepancy. Conclusion: Whereas anxiety and quality of life are associated with individual epilepsy characteristics, this could not be confirmed for depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy and ID, despite its high prevalence. ER  - 
Patterns of gabapentin and pregabalin use and misuse: Results of a population-based cohort study in France$$$ Aims: The aim of this study was to assess the use and factors associated with the misuse of gabapentin and pregabalin in the general French population, through a cohort study in the EGB (General Sample of Beneficiaries), a national representative sample of the French general population. Methods: New users of gabapentin and pregabalin were identified from June 2006 to December 2014, and new users of duloxetine served as control group. Misuse was defined as a use of higher daily doses than recommended. Cox proportional hazard regression models were performed to identify associated factors of misuse. Results: Misuse was more frequent in the 8692 new users of pregabalin (12.8%) than in the 1963 gabapentin (6.6%) or the 3214 duloxetine new users (9.7%) (P < 0.001). Factors associated with misuse were pregabalin (hazard ratio [HR] 1.48; 95% confidence interval [CI] [1.29–1.69]), age (HR[18–45] versus > 70 years 1.98 [1.70–2.31] and HR[58–70] versus > 70 years 1.25 [1.06–1.47]), multiple prescribers (HR2 or 3 versus 1 prescriber 1.29 [1.15–1.45]; HR4 or more versus 1 prescriber 1.54 [1.30–1.83]), cancer (1.28 [1.11–1.47]), multiple sclerosis (1.53 [1.07–2.18]), neuropathy (1.85 [1.19–2.89]), depression (1.26 [1.07–1.49]) and methadone (2.61 [1.16–5.84]). After this first episode of drug misuse, 11.6% of gabapentin and 10.7% of pregabalin misusers developed a primary addiction. Conclusion: In a cohort of new users, misuse is more likely to occur in new users of pregabalin, with different associated factors of misuse compared to gabapentin and duloxetine. Health professionals and prescribers must be aware of this misuse potential, which could lead to abuse and dependence. ER  - 
Demographics, clinical features, and response to conventional treatments in pediatric Pseudotumor Cerebri syndrome: a single-center experience$$$ Objective: The goal of this study was to better understand pediatric Pseudotumor Cerebri syndrome, and its relationship to age, obesity, and other medical conditions; and to evaluate response to conventional treatments. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed on consecutive patients who were diagnosed with PTCS between January 1, 2007, and July 31, 2014. A total of 78 patients were included in this study: 54 female (69.3%) and 24 male (30.7%). Variables including age, sex, body mass index, concomitant medical conditions, secondary causes, associated symptoms, physical exam findings, imaging results, recurrence of symptoms, and treatment modalities were analyzed. Patients were grouped into “pre-kindergarten,” “elementary,” and “adolescent” based on their age; and weight categories of underweight, normal weight, overweight, moderately, and severely obese. Results: Mean age of symptom onset was 11.92 ± 4.09 years. Elementary and adolescent age patients were more likely to be overweight, moderately obese, and severely obese, while this finding was not found for patients in pre-kindergarten group. Headache (83.3%) and visual disturbances (48.7%) were the most common presenting complaints. Asthma (16.6%) was the most common associated concomitant medical condition. Medical management resulted in resolution in 84% of population, 15% required surgical interventions, and the recurrence rate was found to be 20.5%. There was a statistically significant trend in success with medical management in younger patients (p = 0.04), while medically refractory PTCS was seen in adolescent females. Recurrence of PTCS had a linear trend with increased occurrence in adolescent age group with higher BMI. Asthma was observed to be frequently associated with PTCS in our cohort. Obesity is strongly associated with PTCS, not only in the adolescent group but also in the younger elementary age group. Treatment remains similar to management in the adults with a good response (84%) to medical management and a low relapse rate. ER  - 
Rising pregabalin use and misuse in Australia: trends in utilization and intentional poisonings$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Pregabalin is a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) analogue, used to treat neuropathic pain and epilepsy. Pregabalin was registered in Australia in 2005, and subsidized publically in 2013. We aimed to describe Australian patterns of pregabalin use and intentional poisoning, and identify people potentially at high risk of misuse. DESIGN AND SETTING: Population-based retrospective cohort study of dispensings in the 10% sample of Australian Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (July 2012-February 2017); intentional poisoning calls to New South Wales Poisons Information Centre (NSWPIC) (2004-2016); intentional poisonings in two Australian toxicology service databases; and poisoning fatalities in NSW coronial records (2005-2016). PARTICIPANTS: A total of 122 572 people dispensed pregabalin, people with intentional pregabalin overdoses managed by NSWPIC and the toxicology services and pregabalin-associated deaths referred to the NSW coroner. MEASUREMENTS: Trends in dispensing, poisoning, death; demographics and patient characteristics, proportion of users at high risk of misuse (latent class analysis, LCA) and characteristics of high-risk users. FINDINGS: Pregabalin dispensing increased by 73 424 per year [95% confidence interval (CI) = 61726-85 121 P < 0.001] between 2013 and 2016. NSWPIC received 1158 reports of intentional pregabalin poisonings, with a 53.8% increase per year, 2005-2016 (95% CI = 44.0-64.2%, P < 0.001). We identified 88 pregabalin-associated deaths, 57.8% yearly increase (95% CI = 30.0-91.6%, P < 0.001). Patients overdosing on pregabalin commonly co-ingested opioids, benzodiazepines and illicit drugs, and had high rates of psychiatric and substance use comorbidities; 14.7% of pregabalin users were classed by the LCA as at high risk of misuse, and were more likely to be younger, male, co-prescribed benzodiazepines or opioids, have more individual prescribers and higher pregabalin strengths dispensed. CONCLUSIONS: There has been a dramatic increase in pregabalin use, poisonings and deaths in Australia since it became subsidized publicly in 2013. One in seven Australians dispensed pregabalin appears to be at high risk of misuse. ER  - 
Effects of surgical targeting in laser interstitial thermal therapy for mesial temporal lobe epilepsy: A multicenter study of 234 patients$$$ Objective: Laser interstitial thermal therapy (LITT) for mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (mTLE) has reported seizure freedom rates between 36% and 78% with at least 1 year of follow-up. Unfortunately, the lack of robust methods capable of incorporating the inherent variability of patient anatomy, the variability of the ablated volumes, and clinical outcomes have limited three-dimensional quantitative analysis of surgical targeting and its impact on seizure outcomes. We therefore aimed to leverage a novel image-based methodology for normalizing surgical therapies across a large multicenter cohort to quantify the effects of surgical targeting on seizure outcomes in LITT for mTLE. Methods: This multicenter, retrospective cohort study included 234 patients from 11 centers who underwent LITT for mTLE. To investigate therapy location, all ablation cavities were manually traced on postoperative magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), which were subsequently nonlinearly normalized to a common atlas space. The association of clinical variables and ablation location to seizure outcome was calculated using multivariate regression and Bayesian models, respectively. Results: Ablations including more anterior, medial, and inferior temporal lobe structures, which involved greater amygdalar volume, were more likely to be associated with Engel class I outcomes. At both 1 and 2 years after LITT, 58.0% achieved Engel I outcomes. A history of bilateral tonic-clonic seizures decreased chances of Engel I outcome. Radiographic hippocampal sclerosis was not associated with seizure outcome. Significance: LITT is a viable treatment for mTLE in patients who have been properly evaluated at a comprehensive epilepsy center. Consideration of surgical factors is imperative to the complete assessment of LITT. Based on our model, ablations must prioritize the amygdala and also include the hippocampal head, parahippocampal gyrus, and rhinal cortices to maximize chances of seizure freedom. Extending the ablation posteriorly has diminishing returns. Further work is necessary to refine this analysis and define the minimal zone of ablation necessary for seizure control. ER  - 
Pharmacological outcomes in teenagers with newly diagnosed epilepsy: A 30-year cohort study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the long-term pharmacological outcomes in teenagers with different epilepsies. Method: This study included teenagers aged 13-19 years at treatment initiation who were newly treated with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) at the epilepsy unit of the Western Infirmary in Glasgow, Scotland, between 1 September 1982 and 30 September 2012. Patients were prospectively followed until 30 April 2016, or death, with at least a 2-year follow-up. Results: A total of 332 adolescent patients (53% female; median age 16 years; 54% with generalized epilepsy) were included. At the end of the study, 221 patients (67%) were seizure-free. A higher seizure-free rate was observed in those with generalized compared to focal epilepsy (72% versus 60%, P = 0.01). During the study, 108 patients had relapses after periods of being seizure-free, most commonly due to poor adherence to AEDs (49%, n = 53/108). AED withdrawal was associated with a high risk of seizure recurrence (70%, n = 26/37), but 56% (n = 61/108) of relapsed patients became seizure-free again by the end of the study, with only 9% (n = 31/332) meeting the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) definition of pharmacoresistance during follow-up. Of the 221 seizure-free patients, 83% achieved this on monotherapy. There was no significant difference in efficacy rate between new and standard AED monotherapy (74% versus 77%, P = 0.66). The overall poor tolerability rate of AEDs was 21% (n = 69/332). Among the different new and standard AEDs used as initial monotherapy, lamotrigine was associated with the lowest rate of adverse effects (12%, n = 15/124), while topiramate was associated with the highest rate (56%, n = 5/9). Significance: Teenagers with epilepsy showed good seizure control, particularly those with generalized epilepsy. However, relapse was common and there was high risk of seizure recurrence after treatment withdrawal. Most patients were controlled on monotherapy. As the efficacy of AEDs was comparable, tolerability can be a primary consideration for AED selection in this population. ER  - 
Transnasal humidified rapid-insufflation ventilatory exchange during electroconvulsive therapy: A feasibility study$$$ Background In electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), a generalized seizure is provoked under general anesthesia. Standard airway management is done by face mask ventilation, but this is difficult during generalized seizure. Transnasal humidified rapid-insufflation ventilatory exchange (THRIVE) is a method to increase apnea tolerance and permit apnea oxygenation. We hypothesize that THRIVE can oxygenate the patient during ECT and that it is comfortable for patients. Methods In this single-center feasibility study, 13 patients with a pharmacotherapy-resistant depressive disorder underwent 20 ECT sessions with the use of THRIVE. They received general anesthesia under standard monitoring and transcutaneous carbon dioxide monitoring. Afterward, they completed a survey comparing their prior experience with face mask oxygenation. Results There were no desaturations during the procedure, and patient comfort showed no difference in comparison to face mask. Compared with data from earlier ECT with face mask ventilation in the same patient, THRIVE did not seem to shorten seizure duration. Conclusions THRIVE is a novel, safe oxygenation method during ECT. ER  - 
Personalizing virtual environments through immersive virtual reality: The patient perspective on achieving the goal of patient-centeredness$$$ Objectives To evaluate whether VR imaging application of virtual environments provide a more effective treatment of mood disturbances experienced by cancer patients during chemotherapy sessions over Guided Imagery. A secondary aim of this study was to elicit the patients' perceptions on the intervention's level of patient-centreness. Method This was a randomised, double blind crossover trial with 40 patients. Eligible patients were those in active treatment requiring to receive intravenous chemotherapy within the cancer care setting. Eligible participants were able to speak and understand Greek and they had given written informed consent. Participants should also have a score of >60 on the POMS total mood disturbance scale, a >50 on the Karnofsky Performance Scale Index and a mean of >50 on the Attentional Function Index (AFI). Patients were excluded if they were diagnosed with brain tumours (due to seizures), receiving palliative care, they had an impaired cognitive ability or they had an impaired visual ability. Data were collected with the POMS, and FACT-G. Patients' perceptions on the individuality of the intervention were collected through open ended questions. Results In regards to patients' perceptions, they reported that these intervention was something that covered their needs and expectations during chemotherapy. Explicitly, this was achieved through 3 identified themes: “Relaxing Experience”, “Altered perception of time” and “Distraction from the hospital environment”. Conclusion VR is an efficacious tool, can highly correspond to patients' expectations and preferences, compares favorably to comparison conditions such as Guided Imagery, and has lasting effects that generalize to the real world. ER  - 
The effect of lacosamide on chronic migraine: Retrospective analysis in a single center academic headache center$$$ Background: Antibodies targeting calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) or its receptor are effective in chronic migraine therapy Lacosamide is an antiepileptic drug that blocks CGRP release in the trigeminal system by inhibiting collapsin response mediator protein 2 (CRMP2) phosphorylation Animal studies have demonstrated the potential efficacy of lacosamide in acute migraine therapy, though clinical investigation and reports are few. Methods: We identified and characterized a cohort of patients including those administered lacosamide from January 2012 to October 2018 at the University of Utah Headache clinic and possessing an ICD-10 diagnosis of migraine (G43). As a preliminary case series, we performed a retrospective chart review of 8 patients in this cohort who were prescribed lacosamide by our physician. These patients were selected on the basis of having taken lacosamide for at least 28 days by the time of their post-treatment MIDAS assessment. All 8 patients were diagnosed with chronic migraine according to ICHD3-beta criteria, and 5 out of 8 patients had seizures or a seizure disorder. We identified and characterized a cohort of patients including those administered lacosamide from January 2012 to October 2018 at the University of Utah Headache clinic and possessing an ICD-10 diagnosis of migraine (G43). As a preliminary case series, we performed a retrospective chart review of 8 patients in this cohort who were prescribed lacosamide by our physician. These patients were selected on the basis of having taken lacosamide for at least 28 days by the time of their post-treatment MIDAS assessment. All 8 patients were diagnosed with chronic migraine according to ICHD3-beta criteria, and 5 out of 8 patients had seizures or a seizure disorder. Results: Of the 8 chronic migraine patients, the average age was 35.13 (range of 18 to 62), with 63% female (n = 5). We observed a mean reduction of Migraine Disability Assessment (MIDAS) scores by 43.5 days, headache frequency by 7.38 days, and pain levels associated with headaches by 1.13 following administration of lacosamide at an average dose of 100 mg (BID). Prior medication trials included: triptans, other anticonvulsants (gabapentin, topiramate, valproic acid), NSAIDs, combination analgesics, opioid analgesics (hydrocodone, meperidine), beta-blockers (propranolol, nadolol), antidepressants including SSRIs and tricyclic antidepressants (venlafaxine, amitriptyline/nortriptyline, trazodone, duloxetine, sertraline), antihypertensive drugs (verapamil, amlodipine), antipsychotic (prochlorperazine), muscle relaxants and sedatives, and ergotamines. Conclusion: We report that lacosamide may be an effective therapy for patients with chronic migraine. Further studies are needed to determine the magnitude of the effect. ER  - 
Real-world experience with CGRP-antagonists in the treatment of migraine$$$ Background: Migraine is the leading cause of disability in adults under the age of 50 and affects nearly 40 million Americans. Despite this burden of disease, until 2018, clinical practitioners relied on medications developed for the treatment of epilepsy, depression, and hypertension for migraine management. Calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) antagonists represent an exciting new frontier in headache medicine as they target specific migraine pathophysiological mechanisms. There are three CGRP-antagonists currently FDA approved for episodic and chronic migraine: erenumab, fremanezumab, and galcanezumab. Overall reduction in headache frequency with these medications in clinical trials were similar to other preventives, but the side effect profile is more favorable and there is less concern for drug-drug interaction. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of our real-world data to determine the impact of key patient demographics, including gender, age, marital status, race, and BMI, on reduction of headache frequency. We compared demographics among patients experiencing 50%, 75%, and 100% improvement in headache frequency with CGRP antagonists. Descriptive statistics were calculated for the sample stratified by improvement group: marginal/no improvement, 50%, 75% and 100% improvement. One-way analysis of variance with Tukey's post hoc test or non-parametric equivalent and Pearson chi-square tests were used to test for demographic differences among groups. Tests were two-tailed with significance set to p < .05. Results: 320 patients had follow-up data and were included in the sample. Groups were largely the same, with the exception of body mass index. Those who improved 50% had a significantly higher BMI than those who did not improve and those who improved 100%. None of the other demographic factors were statistically significant between the groups. Conclusion: Our analysis showed that a higher BMI was associated with the 50th percentile improvement group, however there was no association with the 75th percentile or 100th percentile improvement groups. Additionally, there was no difference in BMI between the no improvement and 100% improvement groups. There was a trend that was statistically significant from improvement from the 50% group to 100% group with decreased BMI. Overall, this data suggests that demographic factors do not have a significant impact on patient response to CGRP antagonists. (Table Presented). ER  - 
High intensity focused ultrasound in Neurology-an overview$$$ Background: The overview focuses on the therapeutic capabilities of High-Intensity Focused Ultrasound (HIFU) in Neurology. Methods: The method is based on the principle of converging ultrasound beam of waves with equal frequency, phase and amplitude, concentrated within a very small volume of space. It is non-invasive, has minimal side efects (no radiation or chemical load), and allows targeted focusing of the disease without the risk of damage to surrounding structures. Results: At present, only in some countries in Europe, Asia, and North America the HIFU has been approved for treatment of Parkinsonian and essential tremor, neuropathic pain, obsessive-compulsive disorders, and depression. Tere is a tendency for increasing of the preclinical and pilot studies in the treatment of diferent neurological disorders and syndromes-brain tumors, epilepsy, thrombolysis, brain-blood barrier permeability enhancement, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, dystonia, Hun-tington's disease, multiple sclerosis, etc. Multicenter studies are planned to establish optimal parameters, safety margins, indications, and contraindications for its use in medicine. Conclusions: The HIFU future in neurology is dedicated to (1) establishing the safety parameters for thrombolysis, opening the blood-brain barrier and conducting experiments in humans; (2) Improving the techniques for intracranial administration, structures close to the bones and moving organs (heart, liver); (3) Developing new drugs whose efects are potentiated increased by focused ultrasound. ER  - 
Prescribing of newer antiepileptics, with the focus on pregabalin, using the defined daily dose methodology$$$ Introduction: Various antiepileptic medicines have been approved for indications other than epilepsy, such as mood disorders and neuropathic pain. Pregabalin is registered in SouthAfrica for post-herpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic polyneuropathy in adults, and it is increasingly prescribed for neuropathic pain, generalised anxiety disorder and epilepsy. Objectives: The aim of the study was to analyse the prescribing patterns and cost of the newer antiepileptics, with the focus on pregabalin. Methods: A retrospective drug utilisation study was conducted on a South African medical insurance administrator database for 2017. The database contained 3898535 records for medicine, medical devices and procedures. All products in ATC subgroup N03AX were analysed. Results: A total of 4983 prescriptions for antiepileptics in ATC subgroup N03AX was prescribed at a total cost of R398 856 claimed. Six active ingredients were prescribed. Lamotrigine (39.76%) was the most often prescribed, followed by pregabalin (31.71%). Pregabalin was available in three dosage strengths, under only one trade name (no generic equivalents were prescribed). The 75 mg dosage strength was the most popular (61.27% of prescriptions), followed by 25 mg (25.52%) and 150 mg (12.21%). The ages of patients ranged from 9 to 95 years. The 308 patients who were prescribed pregabalin, received on average only three prescriptions (average=3.11; SD=3.82) for pregabalin during the year. The DDD for pregabalin is 300 mg (oral). The average Prescribed Daily Dose (PDD) of pregabalin was 76.32 (SD=94.48) mg. Nearly half (44.05%) of the prescriptions for pregabalin were for less than 28 capsules. The average PDD for prescriptions with 28 or more capsules was 124.26 (SD=102.42) mg, which is still less than half of the DDD. The average PDD for female patients was 118.32 (SD=113.10) mg and for male patients 132.33 (SD=85.30) mg. No diagnoses were available. Summary / Conclusions: The study confirmed the importance of including diagnoses in databases. There was a wide variation in the dosages of pregabalin, with dosages on average a quarter of the DDD. In the absence of diagnoses, the variation in dosages and the seemingly low average PDD cannot be explained. It is assumed that pregabalin was prescribed for different indications and hence the variability in PDDs. ER  - 
Increased risk of clozapine therapeutic failure during comedication with valproic acid - A retrospective drug monitoring study on 2143 patients$$$ Introduction: Clozapine (CLZ) is superior to other antipsychotic agents in terms of clinical effect, but its use is limited by the risk of serious side effects, such as agranulocytosis and tonic-clonic seizures. Valproic acid (VPA) or lamotrigine (LAM) is often co-medicated with CLZ to prevent seizures or as add-on in treating schizoaffective disorders. It is known that VPA, in contrast to LAM, reduce the serum concentration of the active metabolite N- desmethylclozapine. However, the clinical impact of the interaction between VPA and CLZ is unknown. Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate if VPA comedication influences the risk of CLZ therapeutic failure, measured as switch in therapy from CLZ to other antipsychotic drugs (APs). Methods: Therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) records from CLZtreated patients co-medicated with VPA, LAM or no antiepileptics, were retrospectively collected from a routine service during the period 2005- 2017. Switching from CLZ to other APs were identified from TDM data. CLZ therapeutic failure was defined as initiating TDMof at least one new AP within 12 months after terminating TDM of CLZ. Frequencies of therapeutic failure among VPA- vs LAM-treated patients were compared with patients absent of antiepileptic drugs as a reference group. Results: In total, 2, 143 CLZ users were included in the study. The population comprised a female minority (38.8%) and a mean age of 45.8 years. Among the patients, 268 and 227 patients were labelled as VPA or LAM users, respectively, while 1648 were nonusers of antiepileptic drugs. Significantly more VPA users experienced CLZ therapeutic failure than patients absent of antiepileptics (10.8% vs 5.4%, p=0.008), while there was no significant difference for LAM users experiencing CLZ failure (7.6% vs 5.4%, p=0.354). Summary / Conclusions: This study suggests that comedication with VPA, but not LAM, increases the risk of CLZ therapeutic failure. The increased risk of CLZ termination and replacement with other APs during comedication with VPA, may potentially be related to the interaction of VPA reducing the serum concentration of the active N-desmethylclozapine metabolite. ER  - 
The risk of schizophrenia and epilepsy among familial mediterranean fever patients: A big database analysis$$$ Background: Several autoimmune diseases have been associated with schizophrenia and epilepsy, however little is known about putative links with the auto-inflammatory conditions. Objectives: We investigated the association between familial Mediterranean fever (FMF), a paradigmatic auto-inflammatory disease, schizophrenia and epilepsy, and assessed the impact of the latter disorders on the survival of FMF patients utilizing a large sample database. Methods: A case-control study was performed by utilizing the database of Clalit Health Services. FMF patients were compared to age- and sexmatched counterparts in terms of prevalence of schizophrenia and epilepsy. The chi-squared test was used to assess the distribution of categorical variables, while the t-test were applied for continuous variables. Analysis regarding survival were performed using Kaplan-Meier curves, log rank test and multivariate Cox proportional-hazards method. Results: The study included 7,747 FMF patients, and 10,080 age- and sex- matched controls. At the univariate analysis, schizophrenia and epilepsy as co-morbidities, 50 FMF patients (0.6%) and 89 controls (0.9%) had schizophrenia, respectively. On multiple logistic regression model, FMF was inversely associated with schizophrenia (OR 0.64 [95%CI 0.43- 0.90], p=0.0173), while there was no association between FMF and epilepsy. Subjects having either FMF (HR 1.43 [95%CI 1.23-1.66]), schizophrenia (HR 3.97 [95%CI 1.47- 10.70]) or epilepsy (HR 2.54 [95%CI 1.72-3.75]) were independently associated with all-cause mortality. However, schizophrenia as co-morbidity in FMF subjects did not worsen their prognosis (HR 2.17 [95%CI 0.60-7.86]). Conclusion: FMF patients have a significantly lower proportion of schizophrenia than controls. Patients with either FMF, schizophrenia or epilepsy are at higher risk of all-cause mortality, a finding that calls for assessment of better medical management on mortality outcome. (Table Presented). ER  - 
The expanded clinical spectrum of anti-GABABR encephalitis and added value of KCTD16 autoantibodies$$$ In this study we report the clinical features of 32 patients with gamma aminobutyric acid B receptor (GABABR) antibodies, identify additional autoantibodies in patients with anti-GABABR encephalitis that mark the presence of an underlying small cell lung carcinoma and optimize laboratory methods for the detection of GABABR antibodies. Patients (n = 3225) were tested for the presence of GABABR antibodies using cell-based assay, immunohistochemistry and live hippocampal neurons. Clinical data were obtained retrospectively. Potassium channel tetramerization domain-containing (KCTD)16 antibodies were identified by immunoprecipitation, mass spectrometry analysis and cell-based assays. KCTD16 antibodies were identified in 23/32 patients with anti-GABABR encephalitis, and in 1/26 patients with small cell lung carcinoma and Hu antibodies, but not in 329 healthy subjects and disease controls. Of the anti-GABABR encephalitis patients that were screened sufficiently, 18/19 (95%) patients with KCTD16 antibodies had a tumour versus 3/9 (33%) anti-GABABR encephalitis patients without KCTD16 antibodies (P = 0.001). In most cases this was a small cell lung carcinoma. Patients had cognitive or behavioural changes (97%) and prominent seizures (90%). Thirteen patients developed a refractory status epilepticus with intensive care unit admittance (42%). Strikingly, 4/32 patients had a rapidly progressive dementia. The addition of KCTD16 to the GABABR cell-based assay improved sensitivity of the in-house fixed cell-based assay, without loss of specificity. Twenty-two of 26 patients improved (partially) to immunotherapy or chemotherapy. Anti-GABABR encephalitis is a limbic encephalitis with prominent, severe seizures, but patients can also present with rapidly progressive dementia. The co-occurrence of KCTD16 antibodies points towards a paraneoplastic origin. The addition of KCTD16 improves the sensitivity of the cell-based assay. ER  - 
Low specificity of the proposed 2017 ACR-EULAR classification criteria for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) compared to previous criteria in SLE patients with neuropsychiatric symptoms$$$ Background: New ACR-EULAR SLE criteria have been proposed in order to attempt to improve classification for clinical and translational research (1, 2). Objectives: We evaluated the performance of the proposed 2017 ACR-EULAR classification criteria in a cohort of SLE patients with neuropsychi-atric (NP) symptoms and compared to previous classification criteria. Methods: Medical records of patients visiting the NPSLE clinic of the Leiden University Medical Center (LUMC) between 2007-2017 were retrospectively evaluated. The performance of the proposed 2017 ACR-EULAR criteria, the 2012 SLICC criteria and the 1997 ACR criteria was evaluated by calculating sensitivity and specificity. Results: 360 patients were included, of which 294 were clinically diagnosed with SLE. The newly proposed 2017 ACR-EULAR showed a sensitivity of 87% (95% CI: 83-91%) and a specificity of 74% (95% CI: 62-84%), as shown in Table 1. The 2012 SLICC criteria had a sensitivity of 85% (95% CI: 80-89%) and a specificity of 76% (95% CI: 64-85%). The 1997 ACR criteria had a sensitivity of 89% (95% CI: 85-92%) and a specificity of 89% (95% CI: 80-96%). Sixty out of 294 patients fulfilled the proposed NP domain (delirium/psychosis/epilepsy). Using more specific criteria for NP symptoms related to SLE, as previously proposed by Bortoluzzi et al. (3), only 37 patients fulfilled this domain. However, this did not improve specificity, which remained 74% (95% CI: 62-84%). In addition, the performance of the newly proposed criteria was evaluated including patients with more than 10 points, but negative ANA. This led to an increase of sensitivity to 90% (95% CI 86-94%), but also did not influence specificity. (Table Presented) Conclusion: In a cohort of SLE patients with NP symptoms, the proposed 2017 ACR-EULAR classification criteria showed similar sensitivity as the 1997 ACR and the SLICC 2012 criteria, but lower specificity. Including ANA negative patients improved sensitivity. ER  - 
Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) leads to a more severe disease$$$ Background: Antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL) have been associated with organ damage and certain features in SLE patients. Objectives: Our aim was to investigate the differences between SLE patients according to the presence of aPL and/or clinical antiphospholipid syndrome. Methods: Patients from the RELESSER-T registry were included. RELESSER-T is a multicenter, hospital-based registry, with retrospective cross-sectional collection of data from a large representative sample of adult non-selected patients with SLE attending Spanish rheumatology services from the public national health system. Results: We included 3651 SLE patients and 1368 were positive for aPL (44.9% of patients were positive for anticardiolipin antibodies, 27.3% showed positivity for anti b2glycoprotein I and 24% for lupus anticoagulant). Overall 2283 patients were classified as SLE no aPL, 528 as SLE-APS and 840 as SLE-aPL. Demographic data, clinical and laboratory features in the different groups are showed in Table 1. Regarding cardiovascular risk factors, SLE-APS patients had higher rates of hypertension, dyslipidemia and diabetes than SLE-aPL and SLE no aPL patients (p< 0.001, p< 0.001 and p=0,022, respectively). SLE-APS patients showed a lower prevalence of photosensitivity and higher frequencies of serositis, proteinuria (>0.5 grs), urinary cell casts, seizures and psychosis (p≤0.001). Overall, SLE-APS patients showed a lower rate of cutaneous manifestations and higher rates of neuropsychiatric, cardiac, pulmonary, renal, joint and ophthalmo-logical manifestations (Table 1). In accordance with a more severe clinical profile, higher frequency of anti-DNA antibodies and hypocomplementemia were observed in the SLE-APS group (p<0.001). In addition to a higher disease activity (SLEDAI), SLE APS patients presented more damage accrual with higher values in SLICC (1.9±2.2 in SLE APS, 0.9±1.4 in SLE aPL and 1.1±1.6, p<0.001) and Katz indexes (3±1.8 in SLE APS, 2.7±1.7 in SLE aPL and 2.6±1.6 in SLE no aPL, p <0.001). (Table Presented) Conclusion: SLE-APS patients show a more severe clinical profile with higher frequency of major organ involvement and more damage accrual than SLE-aPL and SLE no APL. ER  - 
Clinical findings in Brazilian patients with adult GM1 gangliosidosis$$$ GM1 gangliosidosis is a lysosomal storage disorder caused by β-galactosidase deficiency. To date, prospective studies for GM1 gangliosidosis are not available, and only a few have focused on the adult form. This retrospective cross-sectional study focused on clinical findings in Brazilian patients with the adult form of GM1 gangliosidosis collected over 2 years. Ten subjects were included in the study. Eight were males and two females, with median age at diagnosis of 11.5 years (IQR, 4-34 years). Short stature and weight below normal were seen in five out of the six patients with data available. Radiological findings revealed that the most frequent skeletal abnormalities were beaked vertebrae, followed by hip dysplasia, and platyspondyly. Neurological examination revealed that dystonia and swallowing problems were the most frequently reported. None of the patients presented hyperkinesia, truncal hypertonia, Parkinsonism, or spinal cord compression. Clinical evaluation revealed impairment in activities of cognitive/intellectual development and behavioral/psychiatric disorders in all nine subjects with data available. Language/speech impairment (dysarthria) was found in 8/9 patients, fine motor and gross motor impairments were reported in 7/9 and 5/9 patients, respectively. Impairment of cognition and daily life activities were seen in 7/9 individuals. Our findings failed to clearly identify typical early or late alterations presented in GM1 gangliosidosis patients, which confirms that it is a very heterogeneous condition with wide phenotypic variability. This should be taken into account in the evaluation of future therapies for this challenging condition. ER  - 
A double-blinded randomised dietary supplement crossover trial design to investigate the short-term influence of medium chain fatty acid (MCT) supplement on canine idiopathic epilepsy: Study protocol$$$ Background: Epilepsy is the most common brain disease in dogs. Recently, diets have been reported to have a positive impact on seizure activity and behaviour in various species including dogs with idiopathic epilepsy (IE). Historically, classic high fat ketogenic diets (KD) and medium chain triglycerides (MCT) KD have been successfully used to manage drug-resistant epilepsy. Similarly, an MCT enriched diet has been shown to improve seizure control and behavioural comorbidities in some dogs with IE. However, it is unknown whether an MCT dietary supplement (DS) may provide similar positive effects. Methods: A 6-month prospective, randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, crossover, multicentre dietary trial is designed comparing a 9% metabolic energy based calculated medium-chain triglyceride (MCT) oil supplement to a conventional 'control' DS. Only dogs which will have an International Veterinary Epilepsy Task Force Tier II level like diagnosis of IE which satisfied the following inclusion criteria are included: age between 6 months and ≤ 12 years; weighing between 4 and ≤ 65 kg; unremarkable interictal neurological examinations; no clinically significant findings on routine laboratory diagnostics; unremarkable brain MRI scan; have had at least 3 seizures in the previous 3 months prior to enrolment; treated with at least one ASD and being classified as resistant. All dogs are fed initially for 90 ± 2 days with either the control oil or the MCT oil alongside their normal diet, followed by 97 ± 2 days with the other supplement including a 7-day washout period. Overall, the aim is to recruit thirty-six patients at five different centres and to investigate the effect of MCTs as DS on seizure activity, tolerability, behavioural comorbidities and quality of life (QoL). Discussion: Dietary interventions are rarely studied in a standardised form in veterinary medicine. The background diet, the cohort of animals and ASD received is standardised in this prospective diet trial to ensure representative data about the potential effect of MCT DS. If the study data confirms former findings, this would provide further evidence for the efficacy of MCTs as a management option for canine epilepsy. This publication should offer a repository of trial conditions and variable description with forecasted statistical analysis. ER  - 
Levetiracetam versus phenytoin for second-line treatment of paediatric convulsive status epilepticus (EcLiPSE): a multicentre, open-label, randomised trial$$$ Background: Phenytoin is the recommended second-line intravenous anticonvulsant for treatment of paediatric convulsive status epilepticus in the UK; however, some evidence suggests that levetiracetam could be an effective and safer alternative. This trial compared the efficacy and safety of phenytoin and levetiracetam for second-line management of paediatric convulsive status epilepticus. Methods: This open-label, randomised clinical trial was undertaken at 30 UK emergency departments at secondary and tertiary care centres. Participants aged 6 months to under 18 years, with convulsive status epilepticus requiring second-line treatment, were randomly assigned (1:1)using a computer-generated randomisation schedule to receive levetiracetam (40 mg/kg over 5 min)or phenytoin (20 mg/kg over at least 20 min), stratified by centre. The primary outcome was time from randomisation to cessation of convulsive status epilepticus, analysed in the modified intention-to-treat population (excluding those who did not require second-line treatment after randomisation and those who did not provide consent). This trial is registered with ISRCTN, number ISRCTN22567894. Findings: Between July 17, 2015, and April 7, 2018, 1432 patients were assessed for eligibility. After exclusion of ineligible patients, 404 patients were randomly assigned. After exclusion of those who did not require second-line treatment and those who did not consent, 286 randomised participants were treated and had available data: 152 allocated to levetiracetam, and 134 to phenytoin. Convulsive status epilepticus was terminated in 106 (70%)children in the levetiracetam group and in 86 (64%)in the phenytoin group. Median time from randomisation to cessation of convulsive status epilepticus was 35 min (IQR 20 to not assessable)in the levetiracetam group and 45 min (24 to not assessable)in the phenytoin group (hazard ratio 1·20, 95% CI 0·91–1·60; p=0·20). One participant who received levetiracetam followed by phenytoin died as a result of catastrophic cerebral oedema unrelated to either treatment. One participant who received phenytoin had serious adverse reactions related to study treatment (hypotension considered to be immediately life-threatening [a serious adverse reaction]and increased focal seizures and decreased consciousness considered to be medically significant [a suspected unexpected serious adverse reaction]). Interpretation: Although levetiracetam was not significantly superior to phenytoin, the results, together with previously reported safety profiles and comparative ease of administration of levetiracetam, suggest it could be an appropriate alternative to phenytoin as the first-choice, second-line anticonvulsant in the treatment of paediatric convulsive status epilepticus. Funding: National Institute for Health Research Health Technology Assessment programme. ER  - 
Neurologic toxicity associated with immune checkpoint inhibitors: A pharmacovigilance study$$$ Background: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) produce durable antitumor responses but provoke autoimmune toxicities, including uncommon but potentially devastating neurologic toxicities. The clinical features, including the spectrum, timing, and outcomes, of ICI-induced neurologic toxicities are not well characterized. Methods: We performed disproportionality analysis using Vigibase, the World Health Organization pharmacovigilance database, comparing neurologic adverse event (AE) reporting in patients receiving ICIs vs. the full database. Neurologic AEs were classified by group queries using Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities, between database inception to September 28, 2018. Associations between ICIs and neurologic AEs were assessed using reporting odds ratios (ROR) and information component (IC). IC compares observed and expected values to find associations between drugs and AEs using disproportionate Bayesian reporting; IC025 (lower end of the IC 95% credibility interval) > 0 is considered statistically significant. Results: Among the full database, 18,518,994 AEs were reported, including 48,653 with ICIs. ICIs were associated with higher incidence of myasthenia gravis (0.47% of ICI reports vs. 0.04% of the full database, ROR 16.5 [95% CI 14.5-18.9]; IC025 3.31), encephalitis (0.51% vs. 0.05%, ROR 10.4 [95% CI 9.2-11.8]; IC025 3.15), peripheral neuropathy (1.16% vs. 0.67%, IC025 0.68), and meningitis (0.15% vs. 0.06%, ROR 3.1 [95% CI 2.5-3.9]; IC025 1.01). Myasthenia gravis and encephalitis were associated with anti-PD-1 whereas other neurologic AEs were associated with anti-CTLA-4. Myasthenia gravis was characterized by high fatality rates (~ 20%), early onset (median 29 days), and frequent concurrent myocarditis and myositis; whereas other neurologic AEs had lower fatality rates (6-12%), later onset (median 61-80 days), and were non-overlapping. Conclusions: ICIs produce a spectrum of distinct classes of neurologic AEs that can cause significant morbidity and mortality and tend to occur early and with class-specific associations. ER  - 
Combination Theta-Burst Stimulation and Cognitive Training for Youth Depression$$$ Background: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) affects an estimated 11% of North American youth. Current treatments (medication and psychotherapy) are limited in efficacy and accessibility and are associated with significant side effects (i.e. suicidal ideation). They often fail to improve associated cognitive impairment. In this double-blind placebo-controlled feasibility study, we examine the safety and tolerability of combination TBS and a novel, ipad-based, cognitive training (CT) suite as an alternative for conventional interventions in youth MDD. Methods: Youth aged 16-24, with a diagnosis of major depressive disorder, were randomized to receive 4-weeks (daily on weekdays) of TBS (1800 iTBS to the left DLPFC, and 1800 pulses cTBS to the right DLPFC) followed by active or sham CT. Baseline neurophysiology and clinical evaluations were repeated 1-week after final treatment. Stakeholders and neuroscientists designed the CT suite together to optimize engagement and executive function. Results: Twenty-eight participants were recruited and randomized over 14 months (Oct 2017-Dec 2018). TBS and CT were well-tolerated with no significant adverse events (i.e. no seizures) and only some reports of headache (<8%), nausea (<4%), and site discomfort (<5%), none of which spurred study withdrawal. Twenty-six participants (93%) completed the trial in full. Two youth (7%) dropped out – one after baseline testing (before receiving any treatment), and one after 11 treatments (citing the commute as the termination reason). Conclusions: These data suggest that 4-weeks of combined TBS and CT is a feasible, safe, and tolerable treatment approach for youth MDD. CT may also uniquely serve to enhance accessibility and improve MDD-related cognitive impairment. Supported By: Caskey-Francis Family, CAMH Foundation Grant O'Brien Family, CAMH Foundation Grant Slaight Family, CAMH Foundation Grant Weston Family, CAMH Foundation Grant Keywords: Theta Burst, Neural Plasticity, Adolescent Depression, Cognitive Impairment ER  - 
Management strategies of the interaction between direct oral anticoagulant and drug-metabolizing enzyme inducers$$$ Little is known regarding the management of direct oral anticoagulants (DOACs) in patients with enzyme-inducing drugs (EID). The use of EID may lead to sub-therapeutic concentrations of DOACs and to treatment failure. Thus, many patients on EIDs cannot benefit from the advantages of DOACs. This was a retrospective study, evaluating the management of hospitalized patients with DOACs. Characteristics of hospitalized patients with a prescription for DOACs, with and without EIDs, were summarized and evaluated, and management strategies addressing the potential interaction were documented, including the use of DOAC concentration monitoring. During the period evaluated, 1596 hospitalized patients with prescriptions for DOACs were identified. Most patients received apixaban (n = 1227, 77%), followed by rivaroxaban (240, 15%), and dabigatran (129, 8%). Twenty-two patients (1.4%) had concomitant EIDs. Demographic and clinical characteristics of hospitalized patients with DOACs were similar in those receiving EID and those not. Management strategies included stopping DOAC or EID (41%), and DOAC dose increase (14%). During management of these interactions, DOAC concentrations were measured for 11 of 22 patients and were below the 5th percentile of expected concentration for six of these patients. The management of patients with DOAC concentration measurement differed significantly from those without (p = 0.005), as they were much less likely to have one of the medications stopped and more often had the DOACs’ dose increased. Among hospitalized patients with DOACs, EIDs are not rare. DOAC concentrations are often low in the presence of EIDs. DOAC concentration monitoring may be useful in settings requiring both DOAC and EIDs. ER  - 
A Prospective, Multicenter, Pivotal Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Effectiveness of the AEGEA Vapor Endometrial Ablation System$$$ Study Objective: To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the AEGEA Vapor System (Aegea Medical System, Menlo Park, CA) for the treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding (HMB). Design: A prospective, multicenter, single-arm, open-label, clinical trial. Follow-up assessments were conducted at 24 hours; 2 weeks; and 3, 6, and 12 months after the endometrial ablation procedure (Canadian Task Force Classification II-1). Setting: A private practice and outpatient and hospital settings at 15 sites in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and the Netherlands. Patients: One hundred fifty-five premenopausal women aged 30 to 50years with HMB as determined by a pictorial blood loss assessment score ≥150. Preoperative evaluation included ultrasound, sonohysterography or hysteroscopy, and endometrial biopsy. Screening inclusion allowed treatment of up to 12-cm uterine sound lengths and nonobstructing myomata. Interventions: Endometrial ablation (120-second treatment time) was performed under varying anesthesia regimens using the vapor system from September 2014 to May 2015. Measurements and Main Results: The primary effectiveness end point was the reduction of menstrual blood loss to a pictorial blood loss assessment score ≤75. Success was judged based on the Food and Drug Administration's objective performance criteria, derived from the success rates of the first 5 global endometrial ablation pivotal clinical trials. The secondary effectiveness end points included quality of life and patient satisfaction as assessed using the Menorrhagia Impact Questionnaire and the Aberdeen Menorrhagia Severity Score as well as the need for surgical or medical intervention to treat abnormal bleeding at any time within the first 12 months after treatment. All adverse events, including device- and procedure-related events, were recorded. At 12 months, the primary effectiveness end point was achieved in 78.7% of subjects exceeding the OPC (p = .0004); 90.8% of subjects were satisfied or very satisfied with the treatment. Ninety-nine percent of subjects showed improvement in quality of life scores with an average decrease in the Menorrhagia Impact Questionnaire score by 8.1, 72% had less dysmenorrhea, and 85% of women whose sex lives were affected by their menses reported improvement in their sex lives. There were no reported serious adverse device effects or any reported serious adverse events that were procedure related. Conclusion: The AEGEA Vapor System is a safe, effective, and minimally invasive option for performing in-office endometrial ablation under minimal anesthesia for the purpose of treating women who suffer from HMB. ER  - 
Vacuum Extraction in Preterm Deliveries and Long-Term Neurological Outcome of the Offspring$$$ Background: Concern exists regarding a possible harmful impact of vacuum extraction on the preterm newborn. We aimed to evaluate the long-term pediatric neurodevelopmental outcomes of the preterm offspring after vacuum extraction. Methods: A population-based cohort analysis was performed comparing the risk for long-term neurological morbidity (up to age 18 years) in preterm (less than 37 completed weeks of gestation) children born via following three delivery modes: vacuum extraction, spontaneous delivery, and Caesarean delivery performed during the second stage of labor. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to compare the cumulative neurological morbidity in all groups. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to control for confounders. Results: During the study period 11,662 preterm newborns met the inclusion criteria, 97.2% (n = 11,338) of which were born via spontaneous vaginal delivery, 2.3% (n = 267) underwent vacuum extraction, and 0.5% (n = 57) were delivered by Caesarean section during the second stage of labor. Gestational age at delivery median (range) was 36 (29 to 36) weeks for vacuum extractions, 36 (23 to 36) for spontaneous vaginal delivery, and 35 (29 to 36) for Caesarean delivery within second stage of labor. Total pediatric hospitalizations involving neurological diagnoses were comparable between the groups as were the cumulative incidences of total neurological morbidity in the survival curves (log rank P = 0.723). In the Cox regression model, vacuum delivery in preterm newborns was not found to be associated with later pediatric neurological hospitalizations. Conclusions: Vacuum extraction performed on preterm newborns does not appear to be independently associated with severe long-term neurological morbidity, as reflected by later pediatric hospitalizations. ER  - 
Impact of Co-Morbidities on the Cost of Care in Primary Elective Joint Arthroplasty$$$ Background: The Comprehensive Care for Joint Replacement model is the newest iteration of the bundled payment methodology introduced by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Comprehensive Care for Joint Replacement model, while incentivizing providers to deliver care at a lower cost, does not incorporate any patient-level risk stratification. Our study evaluated the impact of specific medical co-morbidities on the cost of care in total joint arthroplasty (TJA) patients. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted on 1258 Medicare patients who underwent primary elective TJA between January 2015 and July 2016 at a single institution. There were 488 males, 552 hips, and the mean age was 71 years. Cost data were obtained from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Co-morbidity information was obtained from a manual review of patient records. Fourteen co-morbidities were included in our final multiple linear regression models. Results: The regression models significantly predicted cost variation (P <.001). For index hospital costs, a history of cardiac arrhythmias (P <.001), valvular heart disease (P =.014), and anemia (P =.020) significantly increased costs. For post-acute care costs, a history of neurological conditions like Parkinson's disease or seizures (P <.001), malignancy (P =.001), hypertension (P =.012), depression (P =.014), and hypothyroidism (P =.044) were associated with increases in cost. Similarly, for total episode cost, a history of neurological conditions (P <.001), hypertension (P =.012), malignancy (P =.023), and diabetes (P =.029) were predictors for increased costs. Conclusion: The cost of care in primary elective TJA increases with greater patient co-morbidity. Our data provide insight into the relative impact of specific medical conditions on cost of care and may be used in risk stratification in future reimbursement methodologies. ER  - 
Burden-of-illness and cost-driving factors in Dravet syndrome patients and carers: A prospective, multicenter study from Germany$$$ Introduction: Dravet syndrome (DS) is a rare developmental and epileptic encephalopathy. This study estimated cost, cost-driving factors and quality of life (QoL) in patients with Dravet syndrome and their caregivers in a prospective, multicenter study in Germany. Methods: A validated 3–12-month retrospective questionnaire and a prospective 3-month diary assessing clinical characteristics, QoL, and direct, indirect and out-of-pocket (OOP) costs were administered to caregivers of patients with DS throughout Germany. Results: Caregivers of 93 patients (mean age 10.1 years, ±7.1, range 15 months–33.7 years) submitted questionnaires and 77 prospective diaries. The majority of patients (95%) experienced at least one seizure during the previous 12 months and 77% a status epilepticus (SE) at least once in their lives. Over 70% of patients had behavioural problems and delayed speech development and over 80% attention deficit symptoms and disturbance of motor skills and movement coordination. Patient QoL was lower than in the general population and 45% of caregivers had some form of depressive symptoms. Direct health care costs per three months were a mean of €6,043 ± €5,825 (median €4054, CI €4935-€7350) per patient. Inpatient costs formed the single most important cost category (28%, €1,702 ± €4,315), followed by care grade benefits (19%, €1,130 ± €805), anti-epileptic drug (AED) costs (15%, €892 ± €1,017) and ancillary treatments (9%, €559 ± €503). Total indirect costs were €4,399 ±€ 4,989 (median €0, CI €3466-€5551) in mothers and €391 ± €1,352 (median €0, CI €195-€841) in fathers. In univariate analysis seizure frequency, experience of SE, nursing care level and severe additional symptoms were found to be associated with total direct healthcare costs. Severe additional symptoms was the single independently significant explanatory factor in a multivariate analysis. Conclusions: This study over a period up to 15 months revealed substantial direct and indirect healthcare costs of DS in Germany and highlights the relatively low patient and caregiver QoL compared with the general population. ER  - 
Clinical profiles associated with serum perampanel concentrations in children with refractory epilepsy$$$ Background: Perampanel (PER) is a new antiepileptic drug (AED) with a novel mechanism of action. Investigations of the efficacy and safety of PER in pediatric and adult patients have increased recently. Although the clinical usefulness and pharmacokinetics of PER have been investigated in adolescent and adult populations, similar studies have not been performed in children. Patients and methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of patients treated with PER for more than 6 months in the Department of Pediatrics, Hiroshima University Hospital, between September 2016 and November 2018. We obtained demographic and clinical data including age, sex, epilepsy type, seizure type, seizure frequency before and after treatment initiation, adverse events, reasons for discontinuing PER treatment, doses at evaluation points, serum concentrations, concomitant AEDs, intellectual status, and epilepsy etiology. Seizure types and epilepsy syndromes were classified according to the criteria of the International League Against Epilepsy. Results: The study included 44 patients (22 males) between the ages of 6 months and 16 years. Of those, 10 patients discontinued PER therapy. The 50% response rate was 52.3% in patients treated with PER, and four patients achieved complete seizure control. Perampanel was highly effective in patients with generalized and focal epilepsy (50% responder rates, 52.9% and 50.0%, respectively). Favorable response rates were observed for tonic–clonic, focal nonmotor, and absence seizures with 50% response rates of 54.5%, 50.0%, and 66.7%, respectively. The 50% responder rate was 31.3 for epileptic spasms (ES). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) included somnolence (n = 8), irritability (n = 2), ataxia (n = 2), and one case each of dizziness, compulsiveness, and enuresis. Serum concentrations of PER were compared in patients taking concomitant enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (EIAEDs; carbamazepine, phenytoin, and phenobarbital) and those taking concomitant non-EIAEDs. Serum PER concentrations were correlated with dose per body weight in both groups (EIAED: r = 0.765, p = 0.00000212; non-EIAED: r = 0.71, p = 0.0000158). The mean concentration-to-dose (CD) ratio was 2398.4 ng mL−1 mg−1 kg−1 (range: 800–4524.7) in the non-EIAED group and 693.7 ng mL−1 mg−1 kg−1 (range: 344–1309.7) in the EIAED group. Serum PER levels were lower in the EIAED group than in the non-EIAED group. All patients with serum PER concentrations above 400 ng/mL experienced somnolence. Conclusions: Perampanel is effective against various types of seizures, including ES, in pediatric patients with refractory epilepsy. Furthermore, PER has good tolerability when the dose is adjusted based on serum concentrations. The PER CD ratio was lower in pediatric patients than in adolescents and adults; therefore, clinicians must consider the CD ratio when treating children with PER. ER  - 
Assessing recent suicidal ideation and behavior in the adult epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ Objectives: The objective of the study was to describe the prevalence of recent suicidal ideation and behavior in adult patients admitted to a tertiary epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) and to assess the difference between patients with epileptic seizures, psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES), and other inpatient populations. Results: Over the 14-month period, 316 patients were included in the study. One hundred and seventy-nine (57%) were classified as having epilepsy (ES), 116 (37%) with PNES, and 21 (7%) with comorbid ES and PNES (ES/PNES). Overall, 25 patients (8%) were screened positive for suicide risk factors (recent suicidal ideation and/or suicidal behavior). Patients admitted to the EMU had double the risk of suicide ideation and behavior when compared with other inpatient populations. There was no significant difference in the risk of suicidal ideation and behavior among patients with ES, PNES, and comorbid ES/PNES. Patients with comorbid ES/PNES had the highest risk (14%), although this did not reach statistical significance. Across all groups, patients with any comorbid psychiatric disorder had increased rates of suicidal ideation and behavior (11% vs 5%, p = 0.04). Conclusions: The rate of suicidal ideation and behavior in this sample of EMU patients was higher compared with other inpatient populations. The presence of a psychiatric disorder was independently associated with a higher risk. There was no statistically significant difference in the risk between those with ES and PNES. Screening for suicide risk, suicidal ideation, and behavior is recommended for all patients admitted to the EMU. ER  - 
BDNF and COMT, but not APOE, alleles are associated with psychiatric symptoms in refractory epilepsy$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to determine whether three common genetic polymorphisms [apolipoprotein (APOE) ε4 (rs42938 and rs7412), brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) Met (rs6265), and catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) Val (rs4680)] are associated with increased psychiatric symptomatology in individuals with pharmacoresistant epilepsy. Methods: One hundred forty-eight adults (Mage = 38 years; 53% female) with refractory epilepsy completed self-report measures of mood, anxiety, and/or personality/psychopathology. Mann–Whitney U, t-tests, and Fisher's exact tests were used to determine if APOE4, BDNF Val66Met, or COMT Val158Met are associated with increased psychiatric symptomatology in people with epilepsy. Results: As a group, BDNF Met carriers reported greater symptoms of depression on the Personality Assessment Inventory (PAI) than those without a Met allele (p = 0.004); COMT Val carriers reported greater symptoms on the PAI Schizophrenia (p = 0.007), Antisocial Features (p = 0.04), and Alcohol Problems (p = 0.03) scales than noncarriers. On the individual level, a significantly greater proportion of BDNF Met carriers demonstrated elevated PAI Depression scores compared to those without a Met allele (p = 0.046). There was also a larger proportion of COMT Val carriers with elevated PAI Anxiety scores as compared to those without a Val allele (p = 0.036). Significance: This retrospective cross-sectional study provides preliminary evidence for a genetic basis of psychiatric comorbidities in epilepsy and suggests that BDNF and COMT may play an important role in the pathophysiology of mental health problems in this vulnerable population. ER  - 
The neuropsychological profile of parietal and occipital lobe epilepsy$$$ Despite the extensive body of research in clinical neurology on the functional organization of posterior cortices, parietal and occipital lobe epilepsy (PLE and OLE) have not as yet received the attention afforded frontal and temporal lobe epilepsy (FLE and TLE), perhaps due to their low prevalence. Posterior epilepsies however, represent a challenge for epileptology in general and neuropsychological differential diagnosis in particular. Our main purpose was to examine the likely existence of a pattern of cognitive dysfunction characterizing patients suffering from seizures with a parietal and/or occipital ictal onset. We hypothesized that such patients would present difficulties in the visuospatial and visuoconstructive domains, since spatial analysis and synthesis is an inherent feature of posterior cortical systems. Participants were 14 patients with epilepsy and 14 healthy controls matched for demographic characteristics (gender, age, and education level). We used an extensive battery of neuropsychological tests to assess auditory-verbal memory and learning, episodic memory, attention and working memory, verbal abilities, haptic perception, arithmetic abilities, and executive functions. Special attention was given to visuospatial abilities. Depression and anxiety symptoms were assessed through a self-administered questionnaire. Nonparametric (Mann–Whitney U test) statistical tests were conducted. We found that patients with epilepsy performed significantly worse in visuoconstruction, verbal, and executive functions compared to their healthy matches. Finally, we interpret our findings from the perspective of Luria of mental functions organized into functional systems and the current trends in epileptology to view epilepsy as a system (network) problem. ER  - 
Frontal lobe dysfunction as a predictor of depression and anxiety following temporal lobe epilepsy surgery$$$ Objective: Predictors of psychiatric outcome following TLE surgery have proved elusive and represent a current challenge in the practice of TLE surgery. This prospective study investigated whether frontal lobe dysfunction is predictive of poorer psychiatric outcomes. Methods: Forty-nine unilateral TLE surgical patients were assessed using the Beck Depression Inventory–Fast Screen (BDI-FS) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) preoperatively and 6 and 12 months postoperatively. Measures of intellectual function, semantic knowledge, memory and executive function were completed preoperatively, at 6 and 12 months following surgery. Results: Preoperatively, 33 (67%) patients had minimal depressive symptoms, 8 (16%) were mildly depressed, 2 (4%) were moderately depressed, and 6 (12%) reported severe depressive morbidity. Twenty-three (47%) patients reported minimal anxiety, 18 (37%) were mildly anxious, 6 (12%) were moderately anxious and 2 (4%) patients reported severe anxiety symptoms. A mixed-model repeated-measures analysis was performed on the BDI-FS and BAI scores, adjusting for pertinent covariates identified in univariable analyses. At a year following TLE surgery, anxiety symptoms significantly improved but depressive morbidity did not. Indicators of frontal lobe dysfunction moderated the magnitude and direction of mood change. Specifically, pre-surgical cognitive measures of frontal lobe dysfunction predicted increased depression and anxiety symptoms following surgery. There was no relationship between preoperative BDI-FS or BAI scores and seizure outcome at 12 months or change in affective morbidity and seizure outcome. Significance: This is the first longitudinal study to provide evidence that specific pre-surgical cognitive and behavioural indices of frontal dysfunction are predictive of poorer psychiatric outcome following TLE surgery. In addition, our findings highlight the potential utility of a dysexecutive behavioural rating scale (DEX) as an assessment tool in epilepsy. Examination of executive functioning in pre-surgical evaluations may lead to an increase in the power of prognostic models used to predict the psychiatric outcome of TLE surgery. ER  - 
Can behavioral strategies increase physical activity and influence depressive symptoms and quality of life among children with epilepsy? Results of a randomized controlled trial$$$ Purpose: This study examined whether increasing physical activity (PA) through 6 months of behavioral counseling positively influenced depressive symptoms and quality of life (QoL) over 12 months among children with epilepsy (CWE). Methods: A longitudinal multisite randomized controlled trial (RCT) was conducted with 8–14-year-old children with active epilepsy. Participants wore a pedometer to track daily PA and completed 3 measures at 4 time points to examine depressive symptoms and QoL. Stratified by site and activity level, participants were randomized to an intervention or control group. The 6-month intervention included 11 behavioral counseling sessions targeting self-regulation of PA. To assess the associations among PA, depression scores, and QoL, primary analysis involved mixed-effects models. Results: We recruited 122 CWE, of whom 115 were randomized (Mage = 11 ± 2; 50% female) and included in the analysis. The intervention did not increase PA in the treatment compared with the control group. No differences were found between groups over time during the subsequent 6 months, where PA decreased among all participants. Results did not show differences between the groups and over time for measures of depressive symptoms and QoL. Significance: The intervention did not improve or sustain PA levels over 12 months. Both groups demonstrated declines in PA over one year, but there were no changes in depression scores or QoL. As most participants were already nearly reaching the Canadian average of step counts of children their age, with a baseline daily step count of over 9000, there may be a challenge for further increasing PA over a longer period. ER  - 
Parental consanguinity in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to investigate the rate of consanguinity of parents of the patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). This would provide important information for future studies on the potential genetic bases of PNES. Methods: In this retrospective study, all patients with PNES, who were studied at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, from 2008 to 2018, were recruited. We categorized the patients as (1) no consanguineous marriage of the parents and (2) with consanguineous marriage of the parents. Results: Three-hundred and sixteen patients had the data on their parental consanguinity available and were studied. The sex ratio (female:male) of the patients was 1.92 (208:108). Parents of 110 (35%) patients had consanguineous marriage, and parents of 206 (65%) patients did not. Demographic variables, seizure-related variables, PNES-associated factors, and the use of antiepileptic drugs were not significantly associated with parental consanguinity in the patients. Conclusions: In this study, we observed that more than one-third of the patients with PNES had parental consanguinity. This rate is very similar to the rate of consanguinity in the general population in Iran. ER  - 
Coping with stress: A pilot study of a self-help stress management intervention for patients with epileptic or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: Many patients with epilepsy or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) experience high levels of stress. Although psychological interventions have been developed for seizure disorders, few patients can currently access them. We aimed to assess the acceptability and feasibility of a self-help intervention targeting stress in patients with seizures, and to provide preliminary evidence for its effectiveness. Method: Patients were recruited from outpatient neurology clinics and randomized to an immediate intervention group (n = 39), who received the intervention at baseline, or a delayed intervention group (n = 43), who received the intervention one-month postbaseline. Participants completed self-report questionnaires measuring stress (Smith Stress Symptom Inventory [SSSI]), anxiety (Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7-item Scale [GAD-7]), depression (Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy [NDDI-E]), quality of life (European Quality of Life – 5 Dimensions [EQ-5D]), and seizure severity and frequency (Liverpool Seizure Severity Scale [LSSS-3]) at baseline, and at one- and two-month follow-up. Participants also provided telephone feedback. The intervention consisted of a self-help stress management workbook based on an integrative stress model framework. Results: Although the rate of participants failing to return follow-up information at two months was approximately 50%, those who completed the trial found the intervention acceptable; with the majority rating it as helpful (63.6%) and that they would recommend it to others with seizures (88.1%). A significant reduction in self-reported stress (P =.01) with a medium effect size (dz = 0.51) was observed one-month postintervention. There were no significant changes in any other measures. Conclusion: The intervention was perceived to be acceptable, safe, and helpful by participants. It could be a useful complementary treatment option for reducing stress experienced by patients living with seizure disorders. Further evaluation in a larger trial is warranted. ER  - 
Long-term outcome in a sample of underprivileged patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) living in Argentina$$$ Objective: The objective of the present study was to perform a long-term follow-up of economically disadvantaged Latin American patients diagnosed as having psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and contribute to the field's understanding of outcome in this population. Background: A handful of studies have examined outcome of patients once the diagnosis of PNES has been communicated. However, the vast majority of these have been conducted in the first world countries with samples that were predominantly Caucasian. There is limited knowledge about outcome in economically disadvantaged Latin American patients diagnosed as having PNES. Methods: This is a study of 23 patients (20 women, 3 men) with PNES in which demographic data (age, education, nationality, presence of psychological trauma, age of onset) were retrospectively retrieved from medical files. Follow-up was done through a telephonic questionnaire in which investigators collected clinical information (seizure characteristics at follow-up, and treatments employed) and changes in demographic data. Results: Patients from this Argentinian PNES sample demonstrated having many similar demographic and clinical characteristics to samples from US and European studies. Long-term follow-up revealed, however, decreased seizure frequency and intensity as well as a substantial improvement in occupational status. A majority had engaged in psychotherapy as well as alternative and complementary approaches. A majority had also developed what are suspected to be other functional symptoms. Conclusions: Argentinian patients from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, diagnosed as having PNES reported improvements in seizure frequency and occupational status during long-term follow-up. Future studies will need to focus on what (e.g., communication of diagnosis, psychotherapy, alternative treatments) may have contributed to these changes. ER  - 
Depression and quality of life among African Americans with epilepsy: Findings from the Managing Epilepsy Well (MEW) Network integrated database$$$ Depression and worse quality of life (QOL) are significantly associated with epilepsy. However, limited descriptive data on depression and quality of life among African Americans with epilepsy are available. This study sought to describe the prevalence of depression among African Americans with epilepsy participating in self-management studies and to examine the relationship between depression and QOL. Using data from the Managing Epilepsy Well (MEW) research network, a subgroup of African Americans with epilepsy were selected for the analytic sample. Descriptive statistics indicated the prevalence of depression (Patient Health Questionnaire-9 [PHQ-9]) and reports of epilepsy-specific QOL (Quality of Life in Epilepsy-10 [QOLIE-10]) in the sample. Multiple linear regression examined the relationship between depression and QOL while controlling for sociodemographic characteristics and seizure frequency. The prevalence of depression (PHQ-9 ≥; 10) was 47.7%. Quality of life was the only variable significantly associated with depressive symptoms in multivariable analyses, suggesting that depressive symptoms have a stronger relationship with QOL than seizure frequency. With the high levels of depression and the significant relationship with QOL, regular screening of depression is needed among African Americans with epilepsy. Self-management programs that improve mood may also play an important role in improving the lives of African Americans with epilepsy. ER  - 
Evaluation of sleep quality in spouses of people with epilepsy$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to evaluate the spouses of people with epilepsy with and without a history of seizures during sleep in terms of depression, anxiety, and sleep quality. Methods and materials: This prospective, cross-sectional study was conducted in three groups of 18–55 year olds, who were at least primary school graduates. The 1st group consisted of healthy spouses of 30 healthy volunteers with age and sex matched with the other groups. The 2nd group comprised spouses of 30 people with epilepsy who had been married for at least one year and had no history of seizures during sleep. The 3rd group consisted of spouses of 30 people with epilepsy who had been married for at least one year and had a history of at least one seizure during sleep in the course of the previous year. The questionnaire including demographic data, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and the Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) was applied to all participants. Results: The mean age of the 1st group was 35.07 ± 8.33 years, that of the 2nd group was 36.47 ± 7.63 years, and that of the 3rd group was 35.33 ± 6.05 years. There was no significant age difference between the groups (p = 0.740). The depression scores of the 2nd and the 3rd groups were significantly higher than that of the 1st group (p < 0.001, for both). The anxiety scores of the 3rd group were significantly higher than those of the 1st and the 2nd groups (p < 0.001 and p = 0.001, respectively). Thirty percent (n = 9) of the 1st group, 40% (n = 12) of the 2nd group, and 70% (n = 21) of the 3rd group had poor sleep quality. The sleep disorder rate in the 3rd group was significantly higher than in the 1st and the 2nd groups (p = 0.002 and p = 0.020, respectively). When the PSQI subscales were examined, the sleep quality, sleep latency, usual sleep efficiency, daytime dysfunction, and the total sleep total score were significantly higher in the 3rd group than the 1st and the 2nd groups. The patients in the third group had significantly higher scores of sleep duration, sleep disturbance, and sleep medication use than those in the 1st group. Conclusion: We found out that the PSQI score, which reflected the sleep quality, was poor in the spouses of people with epilepsy, who had seizures during sleep. To the best of our knowledge, these findings are the first in the literature on this subject. ER  - 
Religiosity and spirituality in patients with epilepsy$$$ Religiosity and spirituality (R/S) are widely regarded as important allies against illness and suffering in general. Findings in temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) suggest the temporal lobe as the anatomical-functional basis of religious experiences. Both R/S are relevant in patients with epilepsy (PWE) since epilepsy can lead to psychosocial issues for a significant portion of patients and their families. Objective: To investigate R/S in PWE, as well as the impact of different epileptic syndromes on patients’ R/S. Methods: One hundred PWE and 50 healthy volunteers matched for age, sex and educational level were submitted to an interview, as well as three previously validated questionnaires: Index of Core Spiritual Experience (INSPIRIT-R), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), and the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31). Results: PWE’s and control’s mean ages were 35.9 ± 12.4 vs. 36.3 ± 18.1 years, mean schooling was 8.9 ± 3.7 vs. 10.1 ± 4.2 years. The mean age of epilepsy onset was 14.5 ± 12.1 and monthly frequency of seizures was 5.9 ± 12.6. INSPIRIT-R’s scores were not statistically significantly different between patients and controls (3.0 ± 0.8 vs. 3.0 ± 0.8); however, INSPIRIT-R’s scores were significantly higher in TLE patients when compared with other epilepsy syndromes (3.2 ± 0.7 vs. 2.8 ± 0.9; p = 0.04). Conclusion: Temporal lobe epilepsy patients have higher levels of R/S. ER  - 
PMH45 PREDICTORS OF ANTIMUSCARNIC MEDICATION USE AMONG ELDERLY DEMENTIA PATIENTS WITH OVERACTIVE BLADDER: A RETROSPECTIVE STUDY OF MEDICARE BENEFICIARIES$$$ Objectives: The 2015 American Geriatrics Society Beers’ criteria recommends avoiding strong anticholinergics including antimuscarinics in patients with dementia because anticholinergics can worsen the cognition. However, little is known about the management of Overactive Bladder (OAB) in elderly dementia patients. This study examined the incidence and predictors of antimuscarinic medication use in elderly dementia patients with OAB. Methods: The study used a new-user cohort design involving elderly patients with dementia and OAB based on the 2013-2015 Medicare Claims Data involving parts A, B, and D. The study involved patients aged 65 years with a diagnosis of dementia and OAB. Antimuscarinic medications included oxybutynin, tolterodine, trospium, fesoterodine, darifenacin, and solifenacin. Descriptive statistics and logistic regression model were used to determine the incidence and predictors of new antimuscarinic medication use respectively, following 12 months of baseline period. Results: Of the 3,383,603 Medicare beneficiaries with dementia in the study period, over one million (1,049,897) had OAB for overall prevalence of 31.03%. Among OAB patients, 287,612 (27.01%) were prevalent antimuscarinics users during the study period. After applying continuous eligibility criteria, 21,848 (10.34%) incident antimuscarinic users after dementia diagnosis and 189,257 (89.66%) non-users were reported. Multivariable analysis revealed that patients 75 years or older, blacks, and those with schizophrenia, epilepsy, delirium, and Elixhauser’s score had decreased likelihood of initiating antimuscarinics. Females, those with abnormal involuntary moments, bipolar disorder, gastroesophageal reflux disease, insomnia, irritable bowel syndrome, muscle spasm/low back pain, neuropathic pain, benign prostatic hyperplasia, falls/fractures, myasthenia gravis, glaucoma, Parkinson's disease, syncope, urinary tract infection and vulvovaginitis had increased likelihood of initiating antimuscarinic medication. Conclusions: The study found that nearly one-third of dementia patients had OAB. Approximately 27% elderly dementia patients with OAB used antimuscarinic medications. Given the high prevalence of OAB among dementia patients, it is critical to monitor the cognitive status and optimize antimuscarinic use in this at-risk population. ER  - 
Magnitude of reduction and speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (Lap-st) compared to standard right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: A pilot double-blinded randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Although treatment guidelines support use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for acute suicidality, it is associated with cognitive side effects. The effect of Low Amplitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST) on suicidality is unknown. Our prior precision LAP-ST (pLAP-ST) performing titrating in the current domain has provided initial proof of concept data in humans of its advantage in terms of reduction of cognitive side effects. The aims of this report are to: 1) compare LAP-ST (at 500mA) versus standard Right Unilateral (RUL) ECT (at 900 mA) in terms of magnitude of remission of suicidality in a randomized allocation and 2) compare the speed of remission of suicidality between LAP-ST versus RUL ECT. Methods: Patients were randomized to either LAP-ST or RUL ECT. The scores pertaining to the suicidal ideation (SI) item on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) were analyzed using descriptive analysis and no confirmatory statistical analysis was performed due to a priori sample size limitations for this pilot study. SI item remission was defined as 2 or below on this item. Results: Eleven patients with major depressive episode (MDE) of mainly unipolar or bipolar disorders signed consent. Of these, 7 were eligible and were randomized and included in the analysis; all were actively suicidal at baseline (suicide item above 2), except 1 patient who had suicide item at 2 in the RUL ECT group. Suicidality remitted on average by session 3 and remission occurred for all patients by session 4. The SI mean score improvement from baseline to endpoint for LAP-ST was 5.1 and for RUL ECT was 3.0. Conclusions: LAP-ST has larger effect size and speed of remission of suicidality compared to standard RUL ECT. Future studies are warranted for replicating these findings. (ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT02583490). ER  - 
Household economic costs associated with mental, neurological and substance use disorders: A cross-sectional survey in six low- And middle-income countries$$$ Background Little is known about the household economic costs associated with mental, neurological and substance use (MNS) disorders in low- and middle-income countries. Aims To assess the association between MNS disorders and household education, consumption, production, assets and financial coping strategies in Ethiopia, India, Nepal, Nigeria, South Africa and Uganda. Method We conducted an exploratory cross-sectional household survey in one district in each country, comparing the economic circumstances of households with an MNS disorder (alcohol-use disorder, depression, epilepsy or psychosis) (n = 2339) and control households (n = 1982). Results Despite some heterogeneity between MNS disorder groups and countries, households with a member with an MNS disorder had generally lower levels of adult education; lower housing standards, total household income, effective income and non-health consumption; less asset-based wealth; higher healthcare expenditure; and greater use of deleterious financial coping strategies. Conclusions Households living with a member who has an MNS disorder constitute an economically vulnerable group who are susceptible to chronic poverty and intergenerational poverty transmission. Declaration of interest D.C. is a staff member of the World Health Organization. The authors alone are responsible for the views expressed in this publication and they do not necessarily represent the decisions, policy or views of the World Health Organization. ER  - 
Paroxysmal events during prolonged video-video electroencephalography monitoring in refractory epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Given that epileptic seizures and non-epileptic paroxysmal events have similar clinical manifestations, using specific diagnostic methods is crucial, especially in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy. Prolonged video electroencephalography monitoring during epileptic seizures reveals epileptiform discharges and has become an essential procedure for epilepsy diagnosis. The main purpose of this study is to characterise paroxysmal events and compare patterns in patients with refractory epilepsy. Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of medical records from 91 patients diagnosed with refractory epilepsy who underwent prolonged video electroencephalography monitoring during hospitalisation. Results: During prolonged video electroencephalography monitoring, 76.9% of the patients (n = 70) had paroxysmal events. The mean number of events was 3.4 ± 2.7; the duration of these events was highly variable. Most patients (80%) experienced seizures during wakefulness. The most common events were focal seizures with altered levels of consciousness, progressive bilateral generalized seizures and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. Regarding all paroxysmal events, no differences were observed in the number or type of events by sex, in duration by sex or age at onset, or in the number of events by type of event. Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures were predominantly registered during wakefulness, lasted longer, started at older ages, and were more frequent in women. Conclusions: Paroxysmal events recorded during prolonged video electroencephalography monitoring in patients with refractory epilepsy show similar patterns and characteristics to those reported in other latitudes. ER  - 
Health status of the homeless in Dublin: does the mobile health clinic improve access to primary healthcare for its users?$$$ Background: Homeless people experience substantially higher rates of illness and significant barriers to accessing health services. The mobile health clinic (MHC), staffed by trainee general practitioners, targets and provides homeless people in Dublin with free and easy access to primary healthcare services. Aims: To explore and determine the specific health reasons for attending the mobile health unit and to investigate whether the MHC improves access to primary healthcare for homeless people. Methods: Interviewer-administered questionnaire addressed demographic characteristics, physical and mental health status. Results: Forty-two participants were recruited in this study. The majority were male (90%), single (74%), Irish (81%) and in the 25–44 age group (71%). Risky health behaviour was common: tobacco use (93%; 39/42), illicit drug use (60%; 25/42) and alcohol use (45%; 19/42). Most participants described their health status as fair (48%) or good (31%). There were high rates of physical and mental health conditions. Hepatitis C (29%; 12/42) and depression (43%; 18/42) were prevalent. Dental disease was present in 79%. Compared with MHC, most health conditions were diagnosed and treated at other healthcare facility (OHF) [134 vs 27]. Report of physical health symptoms, such as coughs (61%) and migraine headache (46%), was also high, an average of five per person/year. Conclusion: While the findings of this study are limited by the small sample size, they nevertheless indicate that the MHC promotes access to primary care service. Results also highlight the need to expand the healthcare approaches on the MHC to adequately meet the health needs of its target population. ER  - 
Factors associated with depression and anxiety in children with intellectual disabilities$$$ Background: Individuals with intellectual disabilities (ID) are at increased risk for depression and anxiety disorders; however, there is a paucity of research that pertains to associative factors for these mental health disorders in this population. The objective of this investigation was to determine factors associated with depression and anxiety problems in children with ID. Methods: Children 6–17 years with ID (n = 423; 63% male) from the 2016 National Survey of Children's Health were included in this cross-sectional study. Outcome measures included depression and anxiety problems. Predictor variables included sociodemographics, ID severity, co-morbid conditions (autism spectrum disorders, epilepsy, cerebral palsy, Down syndrome and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder), physical factors (i.e. physical activity, sleep duration and pain) and social factors (e.g. participation in activities and bully victimisation). Multivariable logistic regression was performed to determine the association between all factors and depression and/or anxiety problems among children with ID. Results: The prevalence of depression and/or anxiety problems was 35.4%. After adjusting for sociodemographics, Hispanic race was associated with lower odds [odds ratio (OR), 0.3; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.1–0.8] of depression and/or anxiety problems. After adjusting for race, co-morbid conditions, and physical and social factors, autism spectrum disorders (OR, 4.4; 95% CI, 1.1–10.1), Down syndrome (OR, 0.2; 95% CI, 0.1–0.8), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (OR, 5.9; 95% CI, 2.5–14.3), pain (OR, 7.0; 95% CI, 2.9–17.1) and bully victimisation (OR 2.3; 95% CI, 1.0–5.3) were each associated with depression and/or anxiety problems. Conclusions: The present study identified both treatable and modifiable, as well as unmodifiable, factors associated with depression and/or anxiety problems in children with ID. ER  - 
STOPPFrail (Screening Tool of Older Persons’ Prescriptions in Frail adults with a limited life expectancy) criteria: application to a representative population awaiting long-term nursing care$$$ Purpose: STOPPFrail criteria highlight instances of potentially inappropriate medications (PIMs) in frailer older adults with poor 1-year survival prognosis. The objectives of this study were to (i) determine the proportion of older adults requiring long-term nursing care in whom STOPPFrail criteria are applicable, (ii) measure the prevalence of STOPPFrail PIMs, and (iii) identify risk factors for PIMs in this cohort. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed applications for long-term nursing care to nursing homes in the Cork area over a 6-month period. We recorded diagnoses, medications, functional status, cognitive ability, frailty status, and applied STOPPFrail criteria as appropriate. Results: We reviewed 464 applications; 38 were excluded due to incomplete information and 274 patients (64.3%) met STOPPFrail eligibility criteria (median age 83 years (IQR 77.25–88); 233 (54.7%) female). Those STOPPFrail eligible were prescribed 2194 medications (mean 8, (SD 4)), of which 828 (37.7%) were PIMs. At least one PIM was identified in 250 eligible patients (91.2%). The median number of PIMs was 3 (IQR 2–4), the most common being (i) medications without clear indication identified in 47.0% (n = 129) of patients, (ii) long-term high-dose proton pump inhibitors in 31.4% (n = 86), and (iii) statins in 29.6% (n = 81). For every additional medication prescribed, the odds of identifying a PIM increased by 58% (odds ratio 1.58, 95% CI 1.32–1.89, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Almost 65% of patients awaiting long-term care are eligible for the application of STOPPFrail criteria with over 90% prescribed at least one PIM. Transition to nursing home care represents an opportunity to review therapeutic appropriateness and goals of prescribed medications. ER  - 
Safety Issues of Pharmacological Acute Pain Treatment in Children$$$ Acute nociceptive pain management in children is a major public health concern. Effective and safe pain treatment is essential, but safety data cannot be simply extrapolated from adults to children due to pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic specificities. In addition, the frequent absence of child-specific data, the difficulty to assess drug tolerability, and the infants’ inability to communicate properly and voluntarily report adverse drug reactions make children more vulnerable to safety issues. Awareness of the possible toxicity of analgesics is important but should not lead to suboptimal dosing and underuse of analgesia. A better assessment and individualization of treatment should allow effective prescribing of analgesics in more secure conditions. This article aims to review the safety of acetaminophen, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and opioids in children and the precautions that should be taken. ER  - 
Functional Neurologic Symptom Disorder in Children: Clinical Features, Diagnostic Investigations, and Outcomes at a Tertiary Care Children’s Hospital$$$ Objective: To describe the presenting symptoms and short-term outcomes of children diagnosed with functional neurologic symptom disorder and to compare the demographic and clinical characteristics of children who received neurodiagnostic testing to those who did not. Study Design: Single center, retrospective review of 222 children who presented to the emergency department of a children’s hospital, and diagnosed with functional neurologic symptom disorder, between 2010 and 2015. Results: Out of 222 visits (females = 156, African Americans = 130, mean age = 13.9 years), neurodiagnostic tests were performed in 102/222 (46%) visits. The most commonly performed investigations were magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of brain (n = 37) and electroencephalogram (EEG) (n = 56) and were noted to be unremarkable in all instances. Neurodiagnostic tests were more likely to be performed in patients who (1) were non–African American (54% vs 40%; P =.03), (2) presented with new-onset symptoms (55% vs 31%; P <.01), (3) underwent hospitalization (61% vs 17%; P <.01), and (4) were evaluated by a neurologist (59% vs 9%; P <.01) or a psychiatrist (58% vs 28%; P <.01). Common clinical presentations included seizurelike or strokelike symptoms. Short-term follow-up was possible in 20%, with an alternate diagnosis of syncope, noted in only 1 child. Conclusions: Most children who presented with a functional neurologic symptom disorder in our study were noted to have seizurelike or strokelike presentations and were adolescent females. Caucasians were more likely to undergo neurodiagnostic investigations. Radiologic and neurophysiological tests were more commonly performed when neurology and psychiatry consultations were sought. Such investigations had low diagnostic utility. ER  - 
Treatment with growth hormone in noonan syndrome observed during 25 years of KIGS: Near adult height and outcome prediction$$$ Background/Aims: There is little information how rhGH treatment affects height in NS. This study aims to analyze data from the NS patients assembled in KIGS over 25 years. Patients/Methods: Of 613 (389 m/224 f) NS patients documented, 476 (302 m/174 f) were treated for 1 year, 237 (160 m/77 f) of which served to develop a 1st year height velocity (HV) prediction algorithm. One-hundred and forty (74 m/66 f) had reached near adult height (NAH). Factors affecting NAH on rhGH were determined. Results: At the start of rhGH, the NAH groups were (median, m, f) 11.0 and 10.3 years, with a height SDS of-3.2 and-3.8 SDS (Prader), respectively. The total gain after 6.3 and 5.6 years on rhGH (0.27 and 0.30 mg/kg/week) was 1.2 and 1.3 SDS. Age at the start of rhGH (negative), height at the start of rhGH, rhGH dose, number of rhGH injections/wk and birth weight (all positive) explained 36% of the variability of 1st year HV. Height at the start of rhGH, 1st year growth on rhGH, birth weight, and gender explained 74% of the variability of NAH. Causes for rhGH treatment discontinuation and adverse events were also analyzed. Conclusion: RhGH treatment increases NAH in NS. Prediction algorithms may optimize treatment in the future. ER  - 
Randomized controlled trial of motivational interviewing for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: We conducted a randomized controlled trial of motivational interviewing (MI) as an intervention to improve psychotherapy adherence and outcomes, including frequency of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), quality of life, and emergency department utilization, among participants with PNES. Methods: Sixty participants were randomized to receive either psychotherapy alone or MI plus psychotherapy. Participants and therapists were contacted at 16-week follow-up. Participants were considered adherent with psychotherapy if they attended at least eight sessions within 16 weeks following referral. Results: Among control participants, 31.0% were adherent, whereas among MI participants, 65.4% were adherent (P = 0.015, absolute risk reduction = 34.4%, number needed to treat = 2.9). In the control arm, PNES frequency decreased by 34.8% (standard deviation [SD] = 89.7%), whereas in the MI arm, PNES frequency decreased by 76.2% (SD = 39.2%; P = 0.034, Cohen’s d = 0.59). Among control participants, 10.7% achieved PNES freedom versus 30.8% of MI participants (P = 0.095). Quality of Life in Epilepsy–10 scores (a 40-point scale) improved by an average of 1.8 (SD = 7.9) points among control participants, and by 7.2 (SD = 10.0) points among MI participants (P = 0.047, Cohen’s d = 0.60). Monthly emergency department visits increased by 0.06 (SD = 0.47) visits per month among control participants versus a decrease of 0.15 (SD = 0.76) among MI participants (P = 0.23). Significance: Motivational interviewing improved treatment adherence, PNES frequency, and quality of life among our participants with PNES. Our study is limited in that it was conducted at a single quaternary care medical center, and MI was provided by a single neurologist, which may limit generalization of results. ER  - 
Are Antidepressant Medications Safe for Pregnant Women With Epilepsy? The Signs Point to Yes$$$ The Use of Antidepressant Drugs in Pregnant Women With Epilepsy: A Study From the Australian Pregnancy Register Sivathamboo N, Hitchcock A, Graham J, et al. Epilepsia. 2018;59(9):1696-1704. Objective: To study interactions between first-trimester exposure to antidepressant drugs (ADDs) and antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and a history of clinical depression and/or anxiety on pregnancy outcomes and seizure control in pregnant women with epilepsy (WWE). Methods: We examined data from the Australian Pregnancy Register of Antiepileptic Drugs in Pregnancy, collected from 1999 to 2016. The register is an observational, prospective database, from which this study retrospectively analyzed a cohort. Among the AED-exposed outcomes, comparisons were made among 3 exposure groups: (1) pregnancy outcomes with first-trimester exposure to ADDs, (2) outcomes with mothers diagnosed with depression and/or anxiety but who were not medicated with an ADD, and (3) those with mothers who were not diagnosed with depression and/or anxiety and were not medicating with ADD. Prevalence data were analyzed using Fisher exact test. Results: A total of 2124 pregnancy outcomes were included in the analysis; 1954 outcomes were exposed to AEDs in utero, whereas 170 were unexposed. Within the group of WWE taking AEDs, there was no significant difference in the prevalence of malformations in infants who were additionally exposed to ADDs (10.2%; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 3.9-16.6), compared to individuals in the non-ADD-medicated depression and/or anxiety group (7.7%, 95% CI: 1.2-14.2), or those without depression or anxiety (6.9%, 95% CI: 5.7-8.1; P =.45). The malformation rates in pregnancy outcomes unexposed to AEDs were also similar in the above groups (P =.27). In WWE medicated with AEDs and ADDs, the frequency of convulsive seizures (P =.78), or nonconvulsive seizures (P =.45) throughout pregnancy, did not differ across comparative groups. Significance: Comedicating with ADDs in WWE taking AEDs does not appear to confer a significant added teratogenic risk, and it does not affect seizure control. ER  - 
Exploring psychiatrists' perspectives of working with patients with dissociative seizures in the UK healthcare system as part of the CODES trial: A qualitative study$$$ Objective There is currently limited research exploring healthcare professionals' (HCPs) experiences of working with patients with dissociative seizures (DS). Existing studies do not focus on the role of psychiatrists in treating this complex condition. The objective of this study was to gain an understanding of UK-based psychiatrists' experiences of the DS patient group. Against the backdrop of a UK-wide randomised controlled trial (RCT), the focus was broadened to encompass issues arising in everyday practice with the DS patient group. Design, participants and methods A qualitative study using semistructured interviews was undertaken with 10 psychiatrists currently working with DS patients within the context of a large RCT investigating treatments for DS. Thematic analysis was used to identify key themes and subthemes. Setting The psychiatrists were working in Liaison or Neuropsychiatry services in England. Results The key themes identified were other HCPs' attitudes to DS and the challenges of the DS patient group. There is a clear knowledge gap regarding DS for many HCPs and other clinical services can be reluctant to take referrals for this patient group. Important challenges posed by this patient group included avoidance (of difficult emotions and help), alexithymia and interpersonal difficulties. Difficulties with alexithymia meant DS patients could struggle to identify triggers for their seizures and to express their emotions. Interpersonal difficulties raised included difficulties in attachment with both HCPs and family members. Conclusions A knowledge gap for HCPs regarding DS has been identified and needs to be addressed to improve patient care. Given the complexity of the patient group and that clinicians from multiple disciplines will come into contact with DS patients, it is essential for any educational strategy to be implemented across the whole range of specialties, and to account for those already in practice as well as future trainees. Trial registration number ISRCTN05681227; NCT02325544; Pre-results. ER  - 
Cognitive deficits in adult m.3243A>G- and m.8344A>G-related mitochondrial disease: importance of correcting for baseline intellectual ability$$$ Objective: To determine the cognitive profile of adult patients with mitochondrial disease, and the effect of disease severity on cognition. Methods: Using a prospective case-control design, we compared cognition of patients to normative data and to matched controls, assessed three times over 18 months. Forty-nine patients with m.3243A>G (N = 36) and m.8344A>G (N = 13) mtDNA mutations and 32 controls, matched by age (±5 years) and premorbid cognition (±10 WTAR FSIQ points), participated. Participants completed neuropsychological assessments of general cognition (WAIS-IV), executive function (D-KEFS), and memory (WMS-IV). Potential predictors of cognition were explored. Results: Patients show mild-to-moderate premorbid cognitive impairment, but substantial impairment in current general cognition and distinct domains, including verbal comprehension, perceptual reasoning, working memory, processing speed, and memory retrieval. Executive dysfunction may be caused by slower decision-making. Patients performed worse than controls, except on memory tasks, indicating intact memory, when premorbid cognition is controlled for. Premorbid cognition and disease severity were consistent predictors of cognition in patients; however, cognitive decline appears slow and is unlikely in the short-term, when other disease-specific factors remain stable. Interpretation: Patients should be monitored to facilitate early identification of a complex profile of cognitive deficits and individuals with higher disease burden should be followed up more closely. On development of cognitive difficulties, appropriate compensatory strategies should be determined through in-depth assessment. Using strategies such as slower presentation of information, multiple modes of presentation, active discussion to aid understanding and decision-making, and use of memory aids, may ameliorate difficulties. ER  - 
Healthcare utilisation, morbidities and alcohol use monitoring prior to alcoholic psychosis diagnosis$$$ Aims: The aim of this study was to describe healthcare utilisation, morbidities and monitoring of alcohol use in patients prior to a diagnosis of alcoholic psychosis in order to inform the early identification of patients at risk. Methods: Using linked general practice and hospitalisation data in England (April 1997 to June 2014), we identified 1731 individuals (≥18 years) with a clinical recorded diagnosis of alcoholic psychosis and 17,310 matched controls without the disorder, we examined all prior general practitioner (family doctor) visits, hospitalisations, medically recorded morbidities and alcohol assessment/interventions records. Poisson regression models were used to compare rates of healthcare utilisation in people with alcoholic psychosis to those without. Logistic regression models were used to evaluate the association between alcoholic psychosis and prior morbidities. Results: Patients with alcoholic psychosis showed increased levels of healthcare utilisation at least 5 years prior to their diagnosis. The most common reasons for prior healthcare visits were seizures and injuries and there was >4-fold higher rate of seizures, unintentional injuries and self-harm incidents among these patients up to 10 years prior to diagnosis, compared to the control population. A high proportion (78%) of patients had their alcohol consumption recorded, 50% had a record of heavy drinking but only one in five had any evidence of receiving an alcohol-related intervention. Conclusion: Patients present more often with seizures and injuries than the general population several years prior to a diagnosis of alcoholic psychosis. These visits represent opportunities for preventive action and imply that we may be missing opportunities to intervene. ER  - 
Early post-stroke seizures following thrombolysis and/or thrombectomy for acute stroke: Clinical and stroke characteristics$$$ Background and Aims:We explored the clinical and stroke characteristics of patients treated with thrombolysis and/or mechanical thrombectomy for an acute stroke and experiencing early post-stroke seizures within 7 days of the cerebrovascular accident. Methods: Patients with prior epilepsy, primary intracerebral hemorrhage or transient ischemic attacks, and taking antiepileptic drugs were excluded. Results: We retrospectively identified 32 patients admitted between 2010 and 2016 (mean age 75 years; range: 49-90; 14 females and 18 males). Most patients did not have a prior history of stroke (18; 56.3%), alcoholism (30; 93.8%) or diabetes (19; 59.4%); did not take statins (19; 59.4%) or anticoagulants (29; 90.6%); had a diagnosis of hypertension (30; 93.8%). Half of them (16; 50%) was treated with antiplatelet agents. 71.9% of strokes (23) had a cortical involvement, 12.5% (4) were subcortical and 15.6% (5) lacunar. Median NIHSS- and Rankin-score on admission were 12 and 4, respectively. 25 patients were treated with intravenous and 7 with intra-arterial thrombolysis, whereas 16 underwent thrombectomy. An hemorrhagic transformation occurred in 7 (21.9%) patients, and an hemorrhage following thrombolysis in 6 (18.8%). Focal-onset aware seizure (not secondarily generalized) was the most frequent seizure type (43,8%), followed by primarily generalized (40,6%), and focal unaware seizure (9.4%). No case of status epilepticus was observed. The median time between stroke and seizure occurrence was 2 days; in 75.9% of cases seizures occurred within the first 3 days. Conclusions: Early post-stroke seizures are associated with cortical stroke involvement, are usually focal without impairment of awareness, and occur mostly within the first 3 days. ER  - 
On being autoimmune in psychiatric places: 10 characteristic mental state features in patients with definite NMDAR-antibody encephalitis$$$ Objectives/Aims NMDAR-antibody encephalitis frequently presents with psychiatric symptoms. However, new-onset mental illness does not usually receive detailed biomedical investigations. Yet, early diagnosis and treatment correlates with improved outcomes. Here we used detailed psychiatric phenotyping to explore the nature of mental state abnormalities in this immunologically-defined illness. Methods Prospective and retrospective semi-structured interviews with patients, carers, and clinicians in five consecutive cases of definite NMDAR-antibody encephalitis (all female, median age=20 years, range=16-30, ovarian teratoma in 4). Weekly multi-disciplinary assessment using the Neuropsychiatric Inventory Nursing Home version (NPI-NH) in 2/5. Network analysis was used to evaluate connectedness of psychopathologic features and a qualitative synthesis distilled recurrent psychopathologic features. Finally, each time point was compared with operationalised diagnoses using an automated classifier and plotted with corresponding symptom complexes over time. Results All had psychiatric features at onset and were seen first by general practitioners or emergency departments. All received an incorrect initial diagnosis (1 neurological, 4 primary psychiatric). Two patients were referred to mental health services and detained while three were admitted to a general hospital. Psychiatric diagnoses spanned psychotic, mood, and stress categories. None had a personal or family history of serious mental illness or substance misuse. Despite the atypicality all were ascribed to non-specific psycho-social aetiologies. Autoimmune encephalitis was then first suspected between 4-28 days from onset (median=21 days) because of the psychopathology (n=2) or development of clear-cut seizures or movement disorder (n=3). 10 consistently reported features were identified: sleep disturbance, nightmares, mixed unstable mood, perplexity, incoherent repetitive speech, musical ±visual hallucinosis, catatonic facies, possession-like/ drugged, dissociative-disorganised, and regressed behaviour. The symptom complex peaked rapidly (within 3 weeks). The peak burden was large and crossed multiple psychopathologic domains. Overall the syndrome is poorly-described by any single primary disorder; mixtures of mixed mood-psychotic- catatonic disorders performed best. Furthermore, it showed clear qualitative and hence diagnostic shifts between onset, peak, and resolution. Conclusions The psychopathology of NMDAR-antibody encephalitis is complex and dynamic, likely contributing to diagnostic difficulties. However, it appears stereotyped between individuals, hence sensitive features can be derived. Inconsistency with psychosis and/or mood disorder constructs and better approximation with 'mixtures of mixtures' suggests specificity is possible but similar studies with primary disorder comparators are needed. As the disease can only be ruled out with cerebrospinal fluid antibody testing the practical implication is that the mental health system needs to embrace lumbar puncture as a routine part of practice in high risk groups. ER  - 
Are there any factors that predict the diagnosis of epilepsy or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in patients admitted to a specialist epilepsy unit?$$$ Introduction Differentiating between epilepsy and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) can be difficult. Although clearly not a substitute for taking a careful history, certain patient characteristics may assist the clinicians towards diagnosis. The population of patients referred to an epilepsy specialist centre represent a complex and distinct group of patients and it is not clear which factors, if any, could point towards a diagnosis of epilepsy or PNES. Aims/Objectives To investigate if the diagnosis of epilepsy or PNES is predicted by baseline demographic and clinical variables, including Hospital Anxiety and Depression (HADS) scores and medication prescription, in patients admitted to a specialist adult epilepsy centre. Methods We conducted an observational retrospective cohort of consecutive patients admitted to the William Quarrier Scottish Epilepsy Centre (WQSEC) over a period of one year (01/ 09/16-01/09/17). Chosen predictor variables at baseline included: sex, age, employment education or training (EET), Scottish Index of Multiple Deprivation 2016 (SIMD 2016) rank status, attack frequency, length of index admission, number of anti-epileptic agents prescribed, prescription of benzodiazepines, of analgesia, or of psychotropic medications, and HADS scores. Outcome measures were diagnosis of epilepsy or PNES, from diagnosis made by expert clinicians on discharge from index admission. Because of the presence of dual diagnosis, two multivariable binary logistic regression models were built - one for the epilepsy and one for the PNES diagnosis outcomes. Results 50/73 (69%) of patients admitted were diagnosed with epilepsy and 39/73 (53%) with PNES. These respective groups include 16/73 (22%) who had a dual diagnosis of both epilepsy and PNES. The model to predict epilepsy showed that significant individual predictor variables included number of antiepileptic agents prescribed (Odds Ratio (OR)=3.59 (95% CI: 1.37, 9.42), p=0.010), prescription of psychotropic medications (OR=0.19 (95%CI: 0.04, 0.91), p=0.038), and length of index admission (OR=0.89 (95%CI: 0.81, 0.98), p=0.018). The model to predict presence of PNES revealed only one significant individual predictor variable, which was EET status (OR 0.13 (95%CI: 0.02, 0.86), p=0.035). Conclusions Baseline clinical and demographic factors may be of some utility to the clinician in anticipating a diagnosis of epilepsy or of PNES. ER  - 
Multi-agent allergies as predictor of functional neurological disorder$$$ Objectives/Aims Functional neurological disorders (FND) account for 20% of patients in neurology clinics and can lead to functional impairment, multiple re-attendances and significant cost. However, diagnosing FND remains challenging; identifying associated factors could aid earlier diagnosis. We aimed to determine the value of self-reported multi-allergies as predictor for FND. Methods We retrospectively reviewed records of consecutive patients from two clinics (General Neurology and FND), St George's Hospital, January 2015-June 2018. A logistic regression model was used in conditional fashion; statistically significant variables in univariate analysis were included. Results Of 720 patients with definitive diagnosis, 243 (33.8%) had FND and 477 (66.3%) another neurological disorder. Mean age was 43 years (range 16-93), 63.9% (453) were female. 81 patients with FND (33%) had Non-epileptic attack disorder (NEAD). In multivariate analysis, factors associated with FND were female sex (Odds Ratio [95% Confidence Intervals], OR=0.49 [0.33, 0.73], p<0.001), psychiatric comorbidity (OR=4.28 [2.89, 6.35], p<0.001), younger age (OR=0.97 [0.96, 0.98], p<0.001), coexisting fibromyalgia/chronic fatigue syndrome (OR=4.85 [1.26, 18.73], p=0.02) and allergies (OR=2.54 [1.79, 3.62], p<0.001). Polypharmacy, medical comorbidities, atopy and hypermobility were not significant. Increased number of allergies increased the probability of FND: one allergy OR=4.53 [3.08, 6.65, p<0.001], two OR=9.09 [3.92, 21.09, p<0.001], three OR=16.74 [3.82, 73.43, p<0.001] and ≥4 allergies OR=42.94 [2.51, 736.02, p=0.009]. Conclusions Previous studies highlighted the increased prevalence of allergies in NEAD compared to epilepsy. Our study expand this to all FND, as only 1 in 3 FND patients had NEAD. Presence of allergies, particularly to multiple agents, should raise the suspicion of FND. ER  - 
Predicting psychiatric and cognitive outcomes after surgery for frontal lobe epilepsy$$$ Aims Previous research suggests that the side and site of epilepsy surgery may have important implications for post-surgical psychiatric and behavioural outcomes. Most of the published studies are in temporal lobe epilepsy surgery providing some evidence of frontal lobe dysfunction associated with postoperative mood disorder. Our study aims to identify potential clinical and cognitive predictors of postoperative psychiatric outcome following frontal lobe epilepsy surgery. Methods A retrospective review of 78 consecutive patients who had undergone frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE) surgery at the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery between 1997 and 2016. Notes were scrutinised for pre- and postoperative psychiatric diagnoses, neuropsychological test findings, seizure data, histopathological data, and MRI and video-EEG data. Chi-square analysis and paired-sample t- tests will be used to examine the relationship between variables and to investigate differences between pre- and postoperative cognitive test scores. Results Data analysis is in progress and final results will be presented in the conference poster. Preliminary data shows an incidence of post-operative psychopathology in the region of 29% with 14% of patients developing a de novo psychiatric condition within 48 months follow up. Preoperative non-executive function deficits were significantly associated with de novo psychopathology in our initial analysis (c2 (1)=4.99, p=0.03). Conclusions Initial analysis has identified aspects of pre-operative cognitive function that could act as predictors of postoperative psychiatric comorbidity. The results of the completed data analysis will be presented including data on the site of surgery and its relationship to post-operative psychopathology. Identification of patients at high risk of poor outcome will allow greater precision in patient selection and more proactive treatment approaches in the post-operative period. ER  - 
Results rom a phase b study of enzalutamide and metormin in men with castration resistant prostate cancer (CRPC)$$$ Background: Preclinical models have shown that autophagy is a cell survival mechanism to overcome treatment-induced stress and facilitate progression and resistance in CRPC. Metformin (met) demonstrates autophagy inhibition and resensitizes CRPC tumors to enzalutamide (enza) as a combination in in vitromodels. A Phase Ib/II trial was conducted to evaluate the combination. Methods: Eligible patients (pts) had established CRPC, ECOG 0-2, adequate hematologic and organ function, and ≤ 2 prior treatments for CRPC. Major exclusion criteria included prior enza or met treatment, presence of brain metastases, history of DM2 or seizures. An initial cohort of 3 pts were treated with enza 160 mg PO daily and met 500 mg PO bid (DL1), with met dose escalated to 1000 mg PO bid (DL2) in subsequent 3 pts if dose- limiting toxicity (DLT) was observed in ≤1 pt in DL 1, and cycles of 28 days. Once primary objective of maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was established, additional pts were enrolled at MTD for a total of 24 evaluable pts. Secondary objectives of the study included PSA response and safety. Results: From 8/24/16-12/31/18, a total of 3 pts were enrolled to DL1, with no DLTs observed in that cohort, with an additional 21 enrolled to DL2; 12 remain on trial. Median age was 71, with 8/24 (33%) and 3/24 (12.5%) with prior docetaxel and abiraterone treatment, respectively. One DLT due to Grade 3 abdominal pain was observed at DL2 prior to establishing MTD. Grade 3 AEs observed in 1/24 (4%) of pts were diarrhea, fatigue, hypertension, lower GI bleed, myalgia; 2/24 (8%) had abdominal pain. One pt had Grade 4 hallucinations. Among pts who discontinued, 8 were discontinued for progression, 3 withdrew consent, and 1 experienced an SAE (seizure). Pts received median of 11 cycles (1-31) of treatment. PSA response ≥ 50% was observed in 19/24 (79%) pts. Conclusions: The combination of enzalutamide 160 mg PO daily and metformin 1000 mg PO bid is well-tolerated, and clinically active. ER  - 
Predictors of suppressive wave form on electroencephalogram in intensive care unit patients with encephalopathy$$$ Introduction: Encephalopathy is a common condition in the ICU for which the cause is oftentimes unknown. Encephalopathy can arise from an anoxic-ischemic brain injury and electroencephalograms (EEGs) can show characteristic patterns that support this diagnosis. Though suppressive wave forms are typical in anoxic brain injury, the fluctuating patterns and patient factors make the diagnosis imprecise. We assessed predictors of anoxic brain jury, and the utility of this diagnosis on subsequent care of the patient. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of patients admitted to a large urban ICU between October 2013 and May 2017 who had an EEG to assess for encephalopathy. Patients with active seizures were excluded. Anoxic brain injury was defined as an EEG that showed patterns of suppression. Utility of an EEG was defined as the treatment decisions made after EEG results and included the following: no change, decision to order continuous EEG, withdrawal of care, and changes to antiepileptic drugs (AED). Results: 1,148 ICU patients who underwent an EEG for encephalopathy were screened. 21 patients were excluded as their EEG were nondiagnostic, incomplete, or obtained for elective intraoperative neurological monitoring. Of the remaining 1,127, 71 (6.30%) had a suppressed wave form. Cardiac arrest was a significant predictor for suppressed EEG wave forms (OR 7.91 [95% CI 4.54 - 13.75], p<0.001). 24% of all patients with cardiac arrest and encephalopathy had suppressive wave forms. Use of antibiotics (OR 1.22 [95% CI 0.68-2.19], p = 0.496), chronic opioid use (OR 1.38, [95% CI 0.76-2.48], p = 0.289), positive urine toxicology (OR 1.17 [95% CI 0.66-2.09], p = 0.590) and opioid abuse (OR 0.48 [95% CI 0.59-3.95], p = 0.499) were not associated with suppressed EEG wave form. Of patients with a suppressed wave form, 50.7% subsequently had goals of care discussion for prognosis, 35.2% of patients did not have any change in management, 11.3% underwent further continuous EEG and 2.8% had cessation of AED (p<0.001). Of the 6.3% of patients with suppressed wave forms, most were noted in medical ICU (71.83%), followed by surgical ICU (14.08%), cardiovascular ICU (11.27%) and neurological ICU (2.82%) p < 0.001. Conclusion: In the absence of a previous cardiac arrest, in medical ICU patients with encephalopathy, only 6% of patients had an EEG consistent with anoxic brain injury. Despite the low yield, of those with this finding, over half of the patients had a change in goals of care discussion for prognosis. ER  - 
Repeated ambulance use is associated with chronic diseases - a population-based historic cohort study of patients' symptoms and diagnoses$$$ BACKGROUND: There is a growing demand for emergency medical services (EMS) and patients are repeatedly transported by ambulance services. For many patients, especially those with chronic disease, there may be better ways of delivering care. We examined the symptom at time of emergency call and the hospital diagnosis for those ambulance users who repeatedly received an ambulance. METHODS: Population-based historic cohort study of patients receiving an ambulance after an emergency call between 2011 and 2014: one-time users (i.e. one ambulance run in any 12 month period) were compared to two-time users (two runs in any 12 month period) and frequent users (>two runs). The presenting symptom according to the Danish Index for Emergency Care from the EMS calls and the hospital ICD-10 discharge diagnoses were obtained from patient records. RESULTS: We included 52 533 patients (65 932 emergency ambulance runs). Repeated users constituted 16% of the patients (two-time users 11% and frequent users 5%) and one third of all ambulance runs. The symptoms showing the largest increase in frequency with increasing ambulance use were breathing difficulty (N = 3 905-15% were frequent users); seizure (N = 2 437-10% were frequent users), chest pain (N = 7 616-17% were frequent users), and alcohol intoxication (N = 1 998-5% were frequent users). The hospital diagnoses with a corresponding increase were respiratory diseases (N = 4 381) - 13% were frequent users), mental disorders (predominately abuse of alcohol) (N = 3 087-10% were frequent users) and neurological diseases (predominately epilepsy) (N = 2 207-6% were frequent users). 5% of one-time users, 12% of two-time users and 16% of frequent users had a Charlson Comorbidity Index > = 3. CONCLUSION: Repeated use of ambulance services was common and associated with chronic health problems such as chronic respiratory diseases, epilepsy, mental disorders with alcohol abuse and comorbidity. Alternative methods of caring for many of these patients should be considered.None. ER  - 
Apathy in Parkinson's disease with REM sleep behavior disorder$$$ Objectives: Rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder (RBD) in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) is associated with increased risk of non-motor symptoms. However, the association between RBD and apathy in PD remains unclear. Aims: To compare the prevalence and severity of apathy symptoms in PD patients with RBD (PD-RBD+) and without (PD-RBD-). In addition, we explored the association between apathy, depressive symptoms and RBD, taking into consideration the concomitant influence of demographic, disease- and therapy-associated variables. Methods: Sixty-four PD patients were evaluated with systematic motor (unified Parkinson's disease rating scale, UPDRS-III) and non-motor assessments. The diagnosis of RBD was based on the international consensus criteria using video-polysomnography. Apathy, sleepiness, depressive symptoms and cognitive performance were assessed using the Starkstein apathy (SAS, cut-off = 14), the Epworth sleepiness (ESS), the Hamilton depression (HAM-D, cut-off = 9) scales and the mini-mental state examination (MMSE), respectively. Results: Among 64 patients, 26 (40%) had RBD. In the PD-RBD+ group, apathy symptoms were more frequent (52% vs 42%) and more severe (14.3 ± 5.8 vs 11.2 ± 4.9, p < 0.05), especially in the females (17.3 ± 6.0 vs 11.4 ± 5.8 in males, p < 0.05) compared to the PD-RBD- group. A high percentage of patients, especially in the PD-RBD+ group (53%), had isolated apathy without increased depressive symptoms. Increased depressive symptoms were also more frequent (50% vs 20%) and more severe in the PD-RBD+ group. The two groups were comparable in respect to demographic and clinical characteristics. Conclusions: In PD, RBD is associated with isolated apathy and increased severity of depressive symptoms, independent of medication, motor and other non-motor symptoms. Potential mechanisms underlying this association are discussed. ER  - 
Women’s morbid conditions are associated with decreased odds of live birth in the first IVF/ICSI treatment: a retrospective single-center study$$$ Purpose: The present study aims to ascertain whether there is a causal relationship between women’s disease conditions present at the starting time of the first intended oocyte retrieval cycle and IVF/ICSI outcomes, primarily odds of live birth in the first IVF/ICSI treatment. Methods: This is a retrospective study of infertile healthy and diseased women that had a live birth and/or exhibited a complete first oocyte retrieval cycle. Generalized Estimating Equations (GEE) models were applied to adjust standard errors for the potential correlation among women exhibiting the same infertility etiology. Confounders to be controlled for in these GEE models were previously selected following a strict stepwise methodology. Results: Compared to healthy women, diseased women exhibited lower odds of live birth (OR (95% CI) 0.704 (0.576–0.860)). Further screening analyses indicated that subclinical iodine-deficiency hypothyroidism together with autoimmune thyroiditis contributed significantly to decrease odds of live birth (OR (95% CI) 0.720 (0.608–0.853)). Another important contribution arose from practically all the remaining morbid conditions analyzed. These diseases were individually associated with lower odds of live birth, although differences were non-significant. Notwithstanding, differences became significant after merging these diseases in a single group (OR (95% CI) 0.605 (0.394–0.930)). Conclusion: There is a significant causal association between most diseases present at the starting time of the first intended oocyte retrieval cycle and lower odds of live birth in the first IVF/ICSI treatment. ER  - 
Datura and Brugmansia plants related antimuscarinic toxicity: an analysis of poisoning cases reported to the Taiwan poison control center$$$ Introduction:Datura and Brugmansia plants, especially Datura species, have been used for their hallucinogenic effects in the United States and Europe; whereas Datura plants have been used as a traditional medicine in many Asian countries. This study was conducted to better understand the pattern and outcome of Datura/Brugmansia plant related poisoning in Taiwan. Methods: This is a retrospective case series study of all cases with Datura/Brugmansia exposure reported to the Taiwan Poison Control Center between 1986 and 2015. Data for patients with relevant poisoning were reviewed and abstracted. Logistic regression analysis was used to identify potential predictors of the severity of poisoning; bivariate analysis was employed to assess the effectiveness of physostigmine in the treatment of Datura/Brugmansia poisoning. Results: A total of 203 cases involving 114 Datura exposures and 89 Brugmansia suaveolens exposures were eligible for analysis. Using Datura/Brugmansia for a medicinal purpose by the patients without consulting Chinese medicine practitioners was the most common reason of poisoning (81.2%); whereas only 2% of the patients were poisoned after medicinal use associated with the prescription from Chinese medicine practitioners. None of the 203 patients had used Datura/Brugmansia plant for recreational purpose. Most frequently observed clinical effect was mydriasis (53.2%), followed by confusion (40%), tachycardia (35.5%), dry mouth (35.5%), dizziness (34%), dry skin (32.5%), and delirium (31%). Seventy-three cases (36%) had severe effects; none of them died. Misidentification of the plants and ingestion of plant parts other than flowers were positively associated with the severity of poisoning. Forty patients (19.7%) received physostigmine therapy and patients receiving physostigmine had an earlier resolution of central nervous system toxicity than those who did not. Conclusions: Medicinal use without consulting Chinese medicine practitioners is the main reason for Datura/Brugmansia poisoning in Taiwan. Consumption of parts other than flowers and misidentification of the plants predicted the severity of poisoning in this study. Patients who received physostigmine appear to have earlier improvement in the central nervous system effects. No adverse events were reported from physostigmine administration. ER  - 
Typical clinical and imaging manifestations of encephalitis with anti-γ-aminobutyric acid B receptor antibodies: clinical experience and a literature review$$$ Objective: To explore the clinical, imaging, and electroencephalogram (EEG) findings, as well as the treatment and prognosis of five patients with anti-γ-aminobutyric acid B receptor (GABABR) encephalitis and review the current literature to gain a deeper understanding and improve the clinical diagnostic ability of the disease. Methods: Clinical data such as blood examination, imaging, computed tomography (CT), EEG, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) findings from five patients with anti-GABABR encephalitis were retrospectively analyzed. Results: Based on the imaging data, autoimmune encephalitis with anti-GABABR antibodies displayed subacute onset of episodic memory loss, seizures, and confusion, in addition to signal changes in the medial temporal lobe and/or hippocampus. Anti-GABABR antibodies were found in blood and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) in all five patients, although the CSF leukocyte count and the levels of protein, sugar, and chloride showed no obvious abnormalities. On MRI, only two patients presented with abnormal signals in the medial temporal lobe and/or hippocampus. The EEG showed a slow wave rhythm in all five patients. After treatment with methylprednisolone pulse therapy combined with antiepileptic treatment, all five patients recovered well, without any complications. Conclusions: Autoimmune encephalitis with anti-GABABR antibodies may be a severe and refractory disease. Anti-GABABR antibodies tested in CSF and serum play a crucial role in the definitive diagnosis and treatment of autoimmune encephalitis. Early treatment is of vital importance to avoid serious complications and neurological sequelae. ER  - 
Identifying Associations Among Co-Occurring Medical Conditions in Children With Autism Spectrum Disorders$$$ Objective: Children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) have a high prevalence of co-occurring medical conditions, including speech, sleep, and gastrointestinal disorders (constipation and feeding difficulties); developmental delay; attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder; hypotonia; epilepsy; anxiety; disruptive behavior; pica; and eczema. Less is known about whether these commonly coexist in the same children. We sought to determine clinically meaningful, statistically significant associations among co-occurring medical conditions in children with ASD that could lead to better understanding, identification, and treatment of these disorders. Methods: We studied 2114 children with ASD aged 17 months to 5years and 1221 children aged 6 to 17years at 15 Autism Speaks Autism Treatment Network Registry sites. Clinician-reported diagnoses and problems were grouped into 12 core conditions. We determined the observed prevalence (O) of co-occurring conditions and the estimated expected prevalence (E) across the network, adjusting for sitevariability in the prevalence of individual conditions. Pvalues were calculated using a Cochran–Mantel–Haenszel test stratified by site. We identified pairs of conditions co-occurring more frequently than expected (O/E >1) and less frequently than expected (O/E <1) and highlighted statisticallysignificant differences. Results: Among the 66 condition pairs for each age group, we confirmed previously identified associations, such as sleep disorders and anxiety symptoms, in older children. We found some associations not previously described, including feeding with sleep disorders (younger children only), constipation with sleep disorders, feeding with speech disorders, and constipation with speech disorders. Conclusions: We have identified new associations among co-occurring medical conditions in children with ASD, offering the potential to examine common pathways. ER  - 
Lacosamide versus phenytoin for the prevention of early post traumatic seizures$$$ Purpose: To compare the efficacy and safety of lacosamide versus phenytoin for seizure prophylaxis following TBI. Materials and methods: All TBI patients who received prophylaxis with either phenytoin or lacosamide were retrospectively identified. The incidence of seizures within the first 7 days of injury were compared along with adverse effects requiring drug discontinuation. A planned sub-group analysis was performed for patients with severe TBI (GCS < 9). Results: There were 481 patients (phenytoin, n = 116; lacosamide, n = 365). Demographics were similar but age (50 ± 21 vs 58 ± 22 years, P < .001) and initial GCS (11.3 ± 4.3 vs 12.5 ± 3.8, P = .010) were lower in the phenytoin group. The need for mechanical ventilation was higher (53% vs 38%, P = .004). Seizures occurred in 0.9% of the phenytoin group and 1.4% of the lacosamide group (P = 1.00). ADEs were significantly higher with phenytoin (5.2% vs 0.5%, P = .003). This difference remained significant upon multivariate analysis [OR(95% CI) = 9.4(1.8–48.9)]. Subgroup analysis for patients with severe TBI revealed no difference in seizures (phenytoin, 0% vs lacosamide, 1.5%; P = 1.00) but more ADEs with phenytoin (12.5% vs 0%, P = .010). Conclusion: There was no difference between lacosamide and phenytoin in the prevention of early post traumatic seizures in patients following TBI. Lacosamide may have a more tolerable side effect profile. ER  - 
Are psychogenic nonepileptic seizures risk factors for a worse outcome in patients with refractory mesial temporal epilepsy submitted to surgery? Results of a retrospective cohort study$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to verify if the presence of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) could be a risk factor precluding corticoamygdalohippocampectomy (CAH) in patients with refractory temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) and mesial temporal sclerosis (MTS) (TLE-MTS). Methods: This retrospective cohort study analyzed medical data of patients with refractory TLE-MTS accompanied in a Brazilian epilepsy surgery center. Presurgical psychiatric evaluations were performed using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) criteria. Engel's I classification two years after surgery was considered as a favorable outcome. Results: Of the 81 patients initially included (65 females; 56.5%), 49 (60.5%) had TLE-MTS without PNES, 24 (29.7%) with TLE-MTS and PNES, and eight (9.8%) with PNES only, who were excluded from further statistical comparisons. Nine patients with PNES (37.5%) underwent CAH versus 35 (71.4%) without PNES (p = 0.005). Five patients (55.5%) with PNES versus 26 (74.3%) without PNES presented Engel I (p = 0.54). The relative risk (RR) was of 1.90 for patients without PNES to undergo CAH and of 1.33 to be at Engel I. Conclusions: In this study, PNES were associated with less CAH. There were no differences, however, regarding favorable postsurgical outcomes. These results highlight that the sole presence of PNES should not preclude CAH in patients with TLE-MTS, despite the necessity of careful presurgical psychiatric evaluation. ER  - 
A retrospective study of poisoning deaths from forensic autopsy cases in northeast China (Liaoning)$$$ Acute poisoning is a public health threat that leads to morbidity and mortality worldwide. In this retrospective study, we evaluated autopsies from deaths caused by acute poisoning from 2008 to 2017 at the School of Forensic Medicine, China Medical University (SFMCMU) in the Liaoning Province, northeast China. A total of 140 poisoning deaths were investigated and the demographic characteristics, causes and manner of death, toxics category were analyzed. The number of poisoning deaths gradually increased during the study period. The majority of poisoning deaths were accidents (66.43%), followed by suicides (27.86%), and homicides (3.57%). Of the 140 cases, 47 (33.57%) were caused by drugs, 38 (27.14%) by agrochemicals (mainly organophosphate pesticides, n = 16), 37 (26.43%) by respiratory dysfunction toxics (mainly carbon monoxide, n = 21), and 9 (6.43%) by poisonous plants and animals. Alcohol/methanol (5, 3.57%) and other chemicals (4, 2.86%) accounted for the remaining cases. The present study provides poisoning distribution in the Liaoning province and highlights implications for public health policy and prevention efforts in northeast China. ER  - 
Impact of epilepsy and antiepileptic drugs on health and quality of life in Indian children$$$ Background and objectives: Epilepsy affects the physical, cognitive, emotional, social wellbeing, and thereby the overall quality of life (QOL). Epilepsy is the most prevalent neurological disorder in the pediatric age group with a prevalence of 3.13 to 3.73 per 1000 in India. It is imperative for the primary caregiver to look beyond seizure control for improving wellbeing of children with epilepsy (CWE). Hence, there is a need to understand the predictors of QOL in Indian CWE. The objective of this study was to assess the impact of epilepsy and antiepileptic medications on the child's development, health, scholastic performance, and QOL and to identify the predictors of QOL. Methods: This study was a cross-sectional hospital-based prospective study with sociodemographic, clinical data collected from 110 children (age 4–18 years). Seizure severity was assessed with the Hague Seizure Severity Scale, and adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) were assessed using the Adverse Event Profile Scale. The QOL was measured employing the Quality of Life in Children with Epilepsy (QOLCE) questionnaire. Results: The mean total QOLCE score was 72.6 ± 13.6. Among the subscale scores, memory had the highest mean of 86.5, and the lowest mean was observed for QOL item (40.4). There was no significant association of the total QOLCE score with any of the sociodemographic variables such as gender, place, socioeconomic status, paternal/maternal education, or family type. Children with more severe seizures had significantly lower energy and QOL subscale scores and greater depression and anxiety. Prolonged duration of epilepsy, frequent seizures, and recent seizures had a significant negative correlation with the mean total QOLCE score. Children with epilepsy who are on multiple AEDs, prolonged duration of AED intake, or poor adherence to AEDs have significantly lower total QOLCE score. Children manifesting adverse effects to AEDs had significantly lower overall QOL affecting all domains. Conclusion: Overall QOL in CWE is most compromised by polytherapy, poor adherence to medication, adverse effects of AEDs, hospitalization, and presence of developmental delay. ER  - 
Plasma concentration and clinical effects of perampanel—The Kork experience$$$ Purpose: To investigate the correlation between steady-state plasma concentrations of perampanel (PER) with efficacy and tolerability in adult patients with difficult-to-treat epilepsy. Methods: PER plasma concentrations were assessed at steady-state conditions in 92 adult patients (57% female, 43% male, mean age 395 years, age range 20–73 years). All patients had been treated with PER at a stable dose for at least 3 weeks. Clinical efficacy was assessed on the day of measuring the plasma concentrations by a retrospective analysis of the seizure frequency and adverse effects. Results: The mean overall plasma concentration was 3235 ng/ml (range 19 ng/ml – 2436 ng/ml). The corresponding mean dose was 7,5 mg (range 2 mg – 12 mg). PER dose and plasma concentration showed a close linear correlation. Plasma levels and doses varied widely concerning both efficacy and tolerability of PER. The differences between plasma levels of responders and non-responders were not statistically significant. Therefore a clinically useful general reference range could not be defined. Conclusion: Our data do not indicate a reliable therapeutic range for PER plasma concentrations. Individual reference ranges varied widely. Therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) may still be helpful in certain clinical situations. ER  - 
Reliability of reported peri-ictal behavior to identify psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: Differentiating psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) from epileptic seizures (ES) can be difficult, even when expert clinicians have video recordings of seizures. Moreover, witnesses who are not trained observers may provide descriptions that differ from the expert clinicians’, which often raises concern about whether the patient has both ES and PNES. As such, quantitative, evidence-based tools to help differentiate ES from PNES based on patients’ and witnesses’ descriptions of seizures may assist in the early, accurate diagnosis of patients. Methods: Based on patient- and observer-reported data from 1372 patients with diagnoses documented by video-elect roencephalography (vEEG), we used logistic regression (LR) to compare specific peri-ictal behaviors and seizure triggers in five mutually exclusive groups: ES, PNES, physiologic non-epileptic seizure-like events, mixed PNES plus ES, and inconclusive monitoring. To differentiate PNES-only from ES-only, we retrospectively trained multivariate LR and a forest of decision trees (DF) to predict the documented diagnoses of 246 prospective patients. Results: The areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUCs) of the DF and LR were 75% and 74%, respectively (empiric 95% CI of chance 37–62%). The overall accuracy was not significantly higher than the naïve assumption that all patients have ES (accuracy DF 71%, LR 70%, naïve 68%, p > 0.05). Conclusions: Quantitative analysis of patient- and observer-reported peri-ictal behaviors objectively changed the likelihood that a patient's seizures were psychogenic, but these reports were not reliable enough to be diagnostic in isolation. Instead, our scores may identify patients with “probable” PNES that, in the right clinical context, may warrant further diagnostic assessment. ER  - 
Associations between self-harm and chronic disease among adolescents: Cohort study using statewide emergency department data$$$ Introduction: We sought to understand the association between youthful self-harm and subsequent chronic disease-related healthcare utilization and whether self-harm reflects unique vulnerability in comparison with severe psychiatric disorders. Methods: We used a retrospective matched cohort design with statewide, all-payer, individually linked emergency department (ED) data from California, USA. Risk of future ED visits for common chronic conditions in adolescence (headaches, asthma, epilepsy, diabetes, and gastrointestinal disorders, assessed using ICD-9 diagnoses) were compared between three adolescent study groups presenting to an ED in 2010: self-harm patients (n = 5,484), patients with psychiatric complaints but no self-harm (n = 14,235), and patients with other complaints (n = 16,452). Cohort follow-up ended on Sept. 30, 2015. Analyses were adjusted for patients’ prior histories of ED utilization for chronic conditions as well as patient- and area-level sociodemographic characteristics. Results: Risk of subsequent ED visits was higher among self-harm patients compared to non-psychiatric control patients for subsequent epilepsy- (aRR = 1.77, 95% CI [1.42, 2.21]). Risk of subsequent ED visits was higher among psychiatric patients compared to non-psychiatric control patients for subsequent headache- (aRR = 1.31, 95% CI [1.21, 1.42]), and epilepsy-related problems (aRR = 1.85, 95% CI [1.55, 2.21]). Self-harm patients were at higher risk than psychiatric patients for subsequent gastrointestinal disorder (aRR = 1.76, 95% CI [1.03, 3.01]). Conclusions: Findings suggest that self-harm behavior and psychiatric disorders are associated with increased ED utilization for subsequent chronic disease-related ED utilization. Chronic disease among adolescent psychiatric patients should be attended to, potentially involving new models of clinical follow-up care. ER  - 
Risks of completed suicide of community individuals with ICD-10 disorders across age groups: A nationwide population-based nested case-control study in South Korea$$$ Objective Suicide is the leading cause of death in 10-39-year-olds in South Korea, and the second highest rate among the OECD countries. However, few studies have investigated the particularity of completed suicide in South Korea. Methods Study subjects consisted of 2,838 suicide cases and 56,758 age and sex matched living controls from a national representative sample of 1,025,340 South Koreans. They were obtained from the Korean National Health Insurance Service-National Sample Cohort (NHIS-NSC) with follow-up up to 12 years. We obtained information on primary diagnosis of any ICD-10 disorder along with suicide cases during their lifetime. Results Among ICD-10 disorders, depression was the most common disorder (19.10%, n=542), found in victims of completed suicides except for common medical disorders such as hypertensive crisis, respiratory tract infection or arthropathies. After adjusting for sex, age, economic status, disability, and disorders, schizophrenia showed the strongest association with suicide (AOR: 28.56, 95% CI: 19.58-41.66) among all ICD-10 disorders, followed by psoriasis, multiple body injury, epilepsy, sleep disorder, depression, and bipolar disorder. For age groups, ≤19 years was associated with anxiety disorder (AOR=80.65, 95% CI: 13.33-487.93), 20-34 years with epilepsy (AOR=134.92, 95% CI: 33.69-540.37), both 35-49 years (AOR=108.57, 95% CI: 37.17-317.09) and 50-65 years (AOR=189.41 95% CI: 26.59-1349.31), with schizophrenia, and >65 years (AOR=44.7, 95% CI: 8.93-223.63) with psoriasis. Conclusion Psychiatric and physical disorders carried greatly increased risks and numbers of suicides in South Korea. Schizophrenia was the strongest risk factor, especially 35-65 years, and depression was the most common in suicide victims among ICD-10 disorders in South Korea. ER  - 
Intensive monitoring of adverse drug reactions to antiepileptic drugs in neurology department of a secondary care hospital in U.A.E$$$ Objective: The general objective of this study was to identify and evaluate adverse drug reactions (ADRs) associated with antiepileptic drugs. Methodology: This was a cross-sectional study, conducted in the neurology department of a secondary care hospital. All the patients meeting the inclusion criteria were identified and evaluated. Data were collected from the electronic medical records and was entered into a data collection. All ADRs identified and reported were evaluated for causality, severity, preventability and predictability using different standard scales. Results: A total of 24 ADRs was detected, documented, evaluated and reported during the study period. The incidence was found to be 10%. Assessment of severity of the suspected ADRs revealed that 12% of suspected ADRs were mild level 1 (54.2%) and level 2 (41.7%). Causality assessment by WHO assessment scale reveals that majority of ADRs were considered as a probable 15 (62.5%). Higher incidence of ADRs was documented in females (58.8%). Central and peripheral nervous system was most commonly affected 09 (37.5%) organ system. Sodium valproate was the most common drug mostly associated with ADRs. All 24 (100%) of ADRs were definitely preventable. None of the demographic, disease or treatment-related factors were significant (p>0.05) predictors of ADRs. Conclusion: The findings of our study highlights the importance of regular monitoring and reporting of ADRs in the study setting. However, the study necessitates the importance of multicenter studies to further explore and evaluate the pattern of ADRs to different AEDs in the multiethnic population of U.A.E. ER  - 
Adverse drug reactions of anti-epileptic drugs in epilepsy clinic, srinagarind hospital$$$ Background: Epilepsy is an important neurological disease, making it necessary to receive appropriate treatment. Treatment with antiepileptic drugs is the main treatment method for patients to be able to control seizures and to reduce the possible dangers that could occur to patients. Although anti-epileptic drugs are very useful for treatment, they may cause problems related to drug use, especially adverse drug reactions which are divided into 2 types: Type A reactions (Side-effects) and Type B reactions (Hypersensitivity reactions). Adverse drug reactions are important problems, which affect the abilities of the patients to control seizures and can lead to unsuccessful treatment results. Objective: Therefore, the present study aims to examine the incidence rates of adverse drug reactions caused by taking anti-epileptic drugs, to appraise the patients’ symptoms, and to inspect the drugs that are the causes and factors, which can affect the occurrence of adverse drug reactions among epileptic patients. The data have been useful to find methods to solve problems and to discover how to deal with patients when adverse drug reactions occur so that the findings can be apply to the future practices of patient care. Materials and Methods: This research is a retrospective descriptive study. The data were collected from patients treated with anti-epileptic drugs at the Epilepsy Clinic at Srinagarind Hospital during the period between January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2011. The data were collected from the electronic data base of the Epilepsy Clinic and from the medical records of the outpatients at Srinagarind Hospital. Results: There were 382 patients, who participated in the study. The most common medication which physician prescribed was Phenytoin (46.07%), followed by Sodium valproate (40.44%).The incidence of adverse drug reactions were discover in 230 cases (60.21%), including 183 cases of Type A reactions (Side effects) (47.91%) and 47 cases of Type B reactions (Hypersensitivity reactions) (12.30%). Adverse drug reactions from Type A reactions were found 221 times, and had primarily been caused by Phenytoin 109 times (49.32%) with the most common symptom being Gingival overgrowth, which was found 97 times (43.89%). Meanwhile, adverse drug reactions from Type B reactions were found 63 times and had mostly been caused by Phenytoin at 35 times (55.56%). The most common symptom was maculopapular rash, which was found 56 times (88.89%). When studying the correlation of the factors that can cause adverse drug reactions, it was revealed that when patients take more than one type of anti-epileptic drug, there is the risk of having Type A ADR and that risk is 4.25 times greater than for patients, who take only one type of anti-epileptic drug (p = 0.039). Regarding the rash caused by Phenytoin (Type B ADR), it was more commonly found in patients taking drugs which induce drug interactions at a rate of 5.39 times greater than those patients, who do not take the drugs which can induce drug interactions (p = 0.02). Conclusion: According to the results of the present study, it was revealed that the adverse drug reactions caused by the anti-epileptic drugs taken by the epileptic patients represent important problems, whichwas commonly found. Phenytoin is the major cause of the incidences of both Type A reactions and Type B reactions. Therefore, those individuals, who are taking these medications, should be closely monitoring. ER  - 
Sexual function in thai males with epilepsy$$$ Background: Sexual dysfunction is more common in patients with physical and mental disorders. The complexity of the epilepsy disease itself is manifested both physical and psychological, and is more likely to cause sexual dysfunction problems. Objective: To assess the prevalence of sexual dysfunction in patients with epilepsy, factors associated with sexual dysfunction, and partial androgen deficiency in aging males (PADAM). Materials and Methods: The patients responded to the questionnaire asking about the general information, and took IIEF (The International Index of Erectile Function) and PADAM tests. Another data were derived from medical records of Srinagarind Hospital, Faculty of Medicine, Khon Kaen University. Results: 64 patients were enrolled in the study. The average age was 40.53 years. The mean onset of epilepsy and the duration of treatment were 25.24 and 12.27 years, respectively. The most common type of seizure was complex partial seizure. Over half of the patients were unable to control seizures with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). The drugs mostly taken were sodium valproate, phenytoin, and carbamazepine. Evaluation of sexual performance showed that 64.06% had erectile dysfunction, 51.56% had orgasmic dysfunction, 92.19% had sexual desire problem, 83.94% had intercourse dissatisfaction, and 46.87% had overall sexual dissatisfaction. No relationships of sexual dysfunction were found with age at the onset of epilepsy, duration of treatment, type of seizure, frequency of seizures, or AEDs. According to the evaluation on PADAM, it was revealed that 50% had physical and neurological problems and circulatory problems, 60.94% had mental problems, and 15.63% had sexual problems. Conclusion: The men with epilepsy were more likely to have sexual dysfunction and psychological problems. Therefore, for the holistic patient care, not only outcome of epilepsy treatment but also sexual and psychological evaluations should be conducted to improve the quality of life of the patients. ER  - 
Prevalence, Demographic Profile, and Psychological Aspects of Epilepsy in North-Western India: A Community-Based Observational Study$$$ Aims: This study was undertaken to determine the prevalence of active epilepsy, assess the sociodemographic profile, and psychological aspects of epilepsy in the Jaipur district of Rajasthan, India. Methods: We conducted a community-based, cross-sectional observational study covering both rural (<italic>n</italic> = 165,660) and urban (<italic>n</italic> = 179,142) populations of Jaipur district using a house-to-house survey. An adapted, pre-designed World Health Organization screening questionnaire was used to identify the cases. Those confirmed by neurologists as true seizures were included in the study. Cases were classified as per the International League against Epilepsy recommendation. Global Mental Health Assessment Tool electronic questionnaire was used to analyze psychological aspects of cases. The caregivers of the patients participated in the knowledge, attitude, and practice (KAP) survey. Results: A total of 380 patients (258 men, 122 women) were identified with active epilepsy. The estimated prevalence of active epilepsy was 1.1/1,000 population and 71% of cases belonged to low socioeconomic classes. Primary treatment gap was documented in 18.8% of cases in our study, 38% of cases were non-compliant to treatment with poorer compliance in those on pol-therapy, 76% had some psychiatric disorder, anxiety and depression being the commonest, and positive family history of epilepsy was found in 4.7%. KAP survey revealed that only 15% of the respondents believed that epilepsy is non-curable, 74% denied its infectious nature, 26% believed that epilepsy occurs due to past sins, and 81% said that they would not marry persons with epilepsy. Conclusion: A relatively low prevalence (1.1/1,000) of active epilepsy and a smaller primary treatment gap (18.8%) was found in our study population. Almost three-fourth of cases had an associated psychological problem, Though caregivers were aware of the nature of disease, majority would not prefer to marry a person suffering from epilepsy. ER  - 
BRIVA-LIFE–A multicenter retrospective study of the long-term use of brivaracetam in clinical practice$$$ Objectives: Evaluate long-term effectiveness and tolerability of brivaracetam in clinical practice in patients with focal epilepsy. Materials and Methods: This was a multicenter retrospective study. Patients aged ≥16 years were started on brivaracetam from November 2016 to June 2017 and followed over 1 year. Data were obtained from medical records at 3, 6 and 12 months after treatment initiation for evaluation of safety- and seizure-related outcomes. Results: A total of 575 patients were included in analyses; most had been treated with ≥4 lifetime antiepileptic drugs. Target dosage was achieved by 30.6% of patients on the first day. Analysis of primary variables at 12 months revealed that mean reduction in seizure frequency was 36.0%, 39.7% of patients were ≥50% responders and 17.5% were seizure-free. Seizure-freedom was achieved by 37.5% of patients aged ≥65 years. Incidence of adverse events (AEs) and psychiatric AEs (PAEs) was 39.8% and 14.3%, respectively, and discontinuation due to these was 8.9% and 3.7%, respectively. Somnolence, irritability, and dizziness were the most frequently reported AEs. At baseline, 228 (39.7%) patients were being treated with levetiracetam; most switched to brivaracetam (dose ratio 1:10-15). Among those who switched because of PAEs (n = 53), 9 (17%) reported PAEs on brivaracetam, and 3 (5.7%) discontinued because of PAEs. Tolerability was not highly affected among patients with learning disability or psychiatric comorbidity. Conclusions: In a large population of patients with predominantly drug-resistant epilepsy, brivaracetam was effective and well-tolerated; no unexpected AEs occurred over 1 year, and the incidence of PAEs was lower compared with levetiracetam. ER  - 
How often does computed tomography (CT) of the brain demonstrate a cause for psychosis? A 7-year retrospective study at a tertiary metropolitan hospital$$$ Objectives: The aim of the study was to determine the diagnostic yield of computed tomography (CT) of the brain for the investigation of psychosis. Methods: CT brain requests describing psychosis over a 7-year period at a 500-bed major metropolitan hospital were identified retrospectively. Patients were excluded if they were aged greater than 50 years or if the CT request described focal neurological findings on examination, trauma/falls or known brain tumour, demyelinating disorder, encephalopathy, seizure disorder, congenital brain anomaly, stroke or traumatic brain injury. Results: A total of 805 patients meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria were identified, representing the largest published study on this topic. Only 0.4% of patients (3 out of 805) had a potential cause for psychosis demonstrated on CT. None of these patients had their management altered as a result. An additional 0.6% of patients (5 out of 805) had significant pathology that was deemed unrelated to their psychosis. Conclusions: The diagnostic value of CT in the setting of psychosis was found to be extremely low in patients meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Given the risk of ionising radiation and the expenditure of time and cost, more judicious use of CT is suggested. ER  - 
Prediction Tools for Psychiatric Adverse Effects after Levetiracetam Prescription$$$ Importance: Levetiracetam is a commonly used antiepileptic drug, yet psychiatric adverse effects are common and may lead to treatment discontinuation. Objective: To derive prediction models to estimate the risk of psychiatric adverse effects from levetiracetam use. Design, Setting, and Participants: Retrospective open cohort study. All patients meeting the case definition for epilepsy after the Acceptable Mortality Reporting date in The Health Improvement Network (THIN) database based in the United Kingdom (inclusive January 1, 2000, to May 31, 2012) who received a first-ever prescription for levetiracetam were included. Of 11194182 patients registered in THIN, this study identified 7400 presumed incident cases (66.1 cases per 100000 persons) over a maximum of 12 years' follow-up. The index date was when patients received their first prescription code for levetiracetam, and follow-up lasted 2 years or until an event, loss to follow-up, or censoring. The analyses were performed on April 22, 2018. Exposure: A presumed first-ever prescription for levetiracetam. Main Outcomes and Measures: The outcome of interest was a Read code for any psychiatric sign, symptom, or disorder as reached through consensus by 2 authors. This study used regression techniques to derive 2 prediction models, one for the overall population and one for those without a history of a psychiatric sign, symptom, or disorder during the study period. Results: Among 1173 patients with epilepsy receiving levetiracetam, the overall median age was 39 (interquartile range, 25-56) years, and 590 (50.3%) were female. A total of 14.1% (165 of 1173) experienced a psychiatric symptom or disorder within 2 years of index prescription. The odds of reporting a psychiatric symptom were significantly elevated for women (odds ratio [OR], 1.41; 95% CI, 0.99-2.01; P =.05) and those with a preexposure history of higher social deprivation (OR, 1.15; 95% CI, 1.01-1.31; P =.03), depression (OR, 2.20; 95% CI, 1.49-3.24; P <.001), anxiety (OR, 1.74; 95% CI, 1.11-2.72; P =.02), or recreational drug use (OR, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.20-3.37; P =.008). The model performed well after stratified k = 5-fold cross-validation (area under the curve [AUC], 0.68; 95% CI, 0.58-0.79). There was a gradient in risk, with probabilities increasing from 8% for 0 risk factors to 11% to 17% for 1, 17% to 31% for 2, 30% to 42% for 3, and 49% when all risk factors were present. For those free of a preexposure psychiatric code, a second model performed comparably well after k = 5-fold cross-validation (AUC, 0.72; 95% CI, 0.54-0.90). Specificity was maximized using threshold cutoffs of 0.10 (full model) and 0.14 (second model); a score below these thresholds indicates safety of prescription. Conclusions and Relevance: This study derived 2 simple models that predict the risk of a psychiatric adverse effect from levetiracetam. These algorithms can be used to guide prescription in clinical practice. ER  - 
HIV-positive in the darkness of a correctional facility: more vulnerable and less treated$$$ In French Guiana, 4.5–5.0% of HIV-infected persons experienced an incarceration between 2007 and 2013. A cross-sectional survey was performed to describe the epidemiology and treatment outcomes of a population of HIV-infected inmates in French Guiana. The study population was patients released between 1/2007 and 12/2013, after >30 days of incarceration (n = 147). A secondary objective aimed to identify its main specificities, relative to both the general inmate population and the nonincarcerated HIV population. The socioeconomic situation of HIV-infected inmates was particularly precarious, relative to other detainees: 58.1% had never attended school (versus 5.5%, p < 0.01), 31.0% were homeless (versus 8.5%, p < 0.01), 63.9% were repeat offenders (versus 46.6%, p < 0.01), 33.3% were crack cocaine users (versus 9.8–12%, p < 0.01). The frequency of hypertension and chronic B hepatitis was also higher. Only 50.3% of inmates were on antiretroviral therapy (ART) versus 92.6% in the hospital HIV population (p < 0.001). Among untreated patients, 15.1% refused ART. Among those treated, 81.3% were virologically suppressed. Although comparisons were biased, HIV-positive inmates had more psychosocial vulnerabilities than the general inmate population. Despite ART availability and excellent treatment outcomes, undertreatment was a fact not completely explained by patient refusal. HIV-infected inmates should benefit from increased attention by health care and social workers. ER  - 
Pregabalin as Adjunctive Treatment for Focal Onset Seizures in Pediatric Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Efficacy and safety of pregabalin as adjunctive treatment for children (aged 4-16 years) with partial-onset seizures, hereafter termed focal onset seizures for this study, was evaluated. This double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, international study had 3 phases: 8-week baseline, 12-week double-blind treatment (2-week dose escalation; 10-week fixed dose), and 1-week taper. Selection criteria included experiencing focal onset seizures and receiving a stable regimen of 1 to 3 antiepileptic drugs. Study treatments were pregabalin 2.5 mg/kg/d, 10 mg/kg/d, or placebo; doses were increased to 3.5 or 14 mg/kg/d for subjects weighing <30 kg. The key endpoints were change in loge(28-day seizure rate), achieving a ≥50% seizure responder rate, safety, and tolerability during double-blind treatment. Subjects (n = 295; mean age 10.2 years, 55% male, 69% white) were randomized to pregabalin 2.5 mg/kg/d (n = 104), 10 mg/kg/d (n = 97), or placebo (n = 94). A statistically significant reduction in loge(28-day seizure rate) was demonstrated with pregabalin 10 mg/kg/d (a 19.9% improvement over placebo; P =.0185). Seizure frequency was numerically improved (statistically nonsignificant) with pregabalin 2.5 mg/kg/d (P =.2577). Responder rate significantly favored pregabalin 10 mg/kg/d (40.6%, P =.0068) compared with placebo (22.6%) and was numerically improved with pregabalin 2.5 mg/kg/d (29.1%, P =.2600). Common adverse events (≥10% of any group) in 10 mg/kg/d, 2.5 mg/kg/d, and placebo groups, respectively, included somnolence (25.8%, 17.3%, 13.8%), increased weight (13.4%, 3.8%, 4.3%), and increased appetite (10.3%, 6.7%, 4.3%). Pregabalin 10 mg/kg/d demonstrated efficacy in seizure frequency reduction in children with focal onset seizures compared with placebo, and both pregabalin doses were generally safe and well tolerated. www.clinicialtrials.gov identifier NCT01389596; EudraCT #2010-020852-79. ER  - 
Effects of an epilepsy-specific Internet intervention (Emyna) on depression: Results of the ENCODE randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Depression and anxiety are highly prevalent among people with epilepsy (PwE) but often remain unrecognized and treated inadequately. Effective psychosocial treatments such as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) are rarely available to most PwE, which is one reason electronically delivered CBT (eCBT) is regarded as promising. This study examined an eCBT intervention, termed Emyna, that was tailored to suit the needs of PwE. It includes CBT-related content on depression, stress and anxiety, seizure triggers and auras, and lifestyle habits. The trial examined the efficacy of Emyna in reducing symptoms of depression (primary outcome) and anxiety as well as improving quality of life. Methods: Participants (N = 200) with epilepsy, a diagnosis of a depressive disorder, and at least moderate depressive symptoms were randomized to Emyna or care as usual. At baseline and after 3, 6, and 9 months, participants were invited to complete online questionnaires. The primary outcome was improvement of depressive symptoms at 3 months. Results: Relative to the control group, intervention group participants experienced significantly greater improvements in depression, anxiety, stress, social-occupational impairment, and epilepsy-related quality of life, in both intention-to-treat (ITT) and per-protocol analyses. In ITT analyses, effects of medium magnitude were observed, as measured by the Patient Health Questionnaire–9 items (Cohen d = 0.54, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.25-0.82, P < 0.001) and the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (d = 0.51, 95% CI = 0.23-0.79, P < 0.01). At 3 months, intervention group participants also reported fewer illness-related days off work and fewer days hospitalized over the preceding months, compared to control group participants (P ≤ 0.05), whereas no such differences were present at baseline (P > 0.30). Significance: These findings showed that Emyna, used adjunctively to usual care, could help improve mental health, social-occupational functioning, and quality of life among PwE. The program provides an additional treatment option that could produce clinically relevant symptom reductions and reduce key cost drivers (ie, hospitalization rates and illness-related inability to work). ER  - 
Impact of etiology on efficacy of oral triclofos in recording pediatric electroencephalography: A tertiary care center study$$$ Background and Objectives: Oral triclofos is a frequently used sedative in pediatric age to record sleep Electroencephalography (EEG). This study is aimed to assess efficacy, safety profile, need for second dose, and rescheduling of oral triclofos in relation to etiology. Materials and Methods: This is a retrospective study done enrolling all children aged 6 months to 5 years referred for EEG over 1 year. After a trial for natural sleep, the first dose of oral triclofos was given. If a child does not sleep after an hour, the second dose was given and rescheduled if does not sleep even with the second dose. Age, sex, diagnosis, sleep latency, sleep duration, adverse effects, EEG findings, patients needing second dose, and rescheduling were noted. Descriptive statistics and Chi-square test were used to analyze data. Results: A total of 384 children required oral triclofos. The common etiologies for sleep study were atypical febrile seizures, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) sequelae, and behavioral disorders such as autism and attention-deficit hyperactive disorder (ADHD). Including the second dose, we were able to successfully record sleep EEG in 372 (96.8%) patients. Rescheduling was required in 3.2% of patients. Mean sleep-onset latency was 36 min and mean sleep duration was 84 min. Single dose was sufficient in 329 (85.6%) and the second dose in 55 (14.4%). Thirty (38.5%) children of HIE sequelae (P < 0.001) required the second dose followed by behavioral disorders (29.1%, P = 0.03). Irritability, vomiting, and dizziness were common side effects which resolved spontaneously. Conclusions: Oral triclofos was effective as sedative for recording EEG. Children with HIE sequelae and behavioral disorders such as autism/ADHD more commonly required second dosing and rescheduling. ER  - 
The impact of affective state on quality of life in focal epilepsy in Turkey$$$ Context: Seizures and accompanying situations including social, medical, and psychiatric problems threaten the quality of life (QOL) in patients with epilepsy. The World Health Organization defines health is a state of complete physical, mental, and social well-being, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity. Aims: This study examines the prevalence of both depression and anxiety symptoms and also impact of the affective state on QOL in patients with focal epilepsy in Turkey. Settings and Design: One hundred and five patients with focal epilepsy over 18 years old were included in this study. The patients were classified into four groups according to the presence of AS and seizure control. Subjects and Methods: Patients' affective symptoms (AS) and QOL were examined using the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), and QOL in Epilepsy Inventory-31 (QOLIE-31). Statistical Analysis Used: We used descriptive statistics, Chi-square test, independent samples t-test, one-way analysis of variance, Mann-Whitney U-test, Kruskal-Wallis H-test, and also Pearson's and Spearman's correlation test for correlations. Results: There were positive correlations between total QOLIE-31 score and epilepsy surgery, employment, and seizure freedom, whereas negative correlations were found with antiepileptic drug use, anxiety, and depression. Statistically significant differences were found in QOLIE-31 totals and subscores between Groups 3 and 4 (P < 0.05). Conclusions: The presence of AS has a negative impact on QOL in patients with focal epilepsy. Physicians should be aware that psychiatric comorbidities in epilepsy have a severe impact and epilepsy treatment requires comprehensive management. ER  - 
Neuroimaging patterns of systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Introduction/Objectives Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a chronic and complex systemic autoimmune disease involving multiple organs. The central nervous system (CNS), especially the brain, is involved in many cases (neurolupus), with high morbidity rates. Complex mechanisms causing a blood-barrier dysfunction or direct neuronal cell death may be involved. Both clinical and neuroimaging presentation may be heterogeneous and non-specific, representing a real diagnostic challenge. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is the preferred neuroimaging modality. Materials and methods A retrospective analysis of brain and spinal cord MRIs of patients with neurolupus performed between January 2010 and December 2017 in our hospital was carried out. Results We obtained 10 patients, 9 women and 1 man, ages ranging from 18 to 46. There was one patient with both encephalic and spinal cord involvement; the other 9 only had encephalic involvement. Clinical presentation varied from psychotic episodes, dysphasia, hemiparesis, fever syndrome, seizures, dizziness, to paraparesis. Spinal cord MRI showed an extensive transverse myelitis. Brain studies revealed different patterns: three patients had no alterations; three had small vessel disease, with multiple small lesions dispersed throughout the white matter. There was one case of intraparenchymatous hemorrhage associated to a nucleo-capsular vasculitic lesion; one case of limbic encephalitis with both hypocampus involvement; one case of severe atrophy and another case of leptomeningeal and parenchymatous involvement caused by an opportunistic infection (tuberculosis). Conclusions SLE may cause CNS involvement and not always presents with acute symptoms; it may be indolent or even silent, as a small vessel disease, one of the most frequent forms of CNS disease. Notwithstanding, there are other more symptomatic forms of neurolupus, like intracerebral hemorrhage or limbic encephalitis. Spinal cord involvement is rare and usually presents as transverse myelitis. Our sample of patients, although small, illustrates how variable and nonspecific neuroimaging findings can be, highlighting the importance of a multidisciplinary approach to achieve a faster diagnosis and therapeutic implementation. ER  - 
Depressive symptom severity in individuals with epilepsy and recent health complications$$$ Identifying relationships between depression severity and clinical factors may help with appropriate recognition and management of neuropsychiatric conditions in persons with epilepsy (PWE). Demographic characteristics, epilepsy variables, and medical and psychiatric comorbidities were examined from a baseline randomized controlled trial sample of 120 PWE. Among demographic characteristics, only inability to work was significantly associated with depression severity (p = 0.05). Higher 30-day seizure frequency (p < 0.01) and lower quality of life (p < 0.0001) were associated with greater depression severity. Comorbid bipolar disorder (p = 0.02), panic disorder (p < 0.01), and obsessive-compulsive disorder (p < 0.01) were correlated with worse depression severity. The literature supports our findings of correlations between worse depression, seizure frequency, and lower quality of life. Less well studied is our finding of greater depression severity and selected psychiatric comorbidities in PWE. ER  - 
Multipronged treatment of insomnia - Outcomes from an apex sleep disorders clinic in India$$$ Introduction: A large proportion of the population suffers from disturbed sleep and a majority of these present to clinicians with the complaint of insomnia. Many of these people possibly suffer from other primary sleep disorders such as sleep apnea; however, insomnia disorder also remains an extremely common condition directly impacting the quality of life and work efficiency of affected people. While a number of approaches are used for treatment by many clinicians, a much smaller percentage can seek help from specialty sleep clinics. Since very little data are available regarding the effectiveness of treatment offered, this retrospective study aims at examining the outcome of chronic insomnia patients attending to a quaternary care specialty sleep center. Methods: Consecutive patients with the presenting complaint of and diagnosis of insomnia, during a study period of 2 years between 2013 and 2015, were identified and analyzed. Patients were classified based on the comorbidity and types of treatment received. Life stressors were also identified and analyzed. Outcomes were reviewed for those who had follow-up data available. Results: Based on the defined inclusion criteria, 102 patients could be analyzed. Among these, at least 3-month follow-up was available for 48 patients. It was observed that among patients for whom at least 3-month follow-up was available, 91.4% (43/48) showed a good response to treatment with physician-administered cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia along with treatment for comorbid conditions. Conclusion: With correct diagnostic classification, as well as appropriate and easily available treatment strategies, excellent treatment outcomes are observed at specialty sleep clinics. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric lupus: Analysis of an ecuadorian cohort$$$ Objectives: The aim of this study was to examine the clinic characteristics, management and outcome of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients with neuropsychiatric manifestations (NPM). Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted. SLE patients admitted be-tween 2014 and 2018 to a high complexity hospital because of a disease flare and who also presented related NPM were included. Demographics data, clini-cal presentation, treatment and laboratory variables were recorded. Descriptive statistics were performed for data analysis. Results: Twenty SLE patients with NPM were studied, 90% were women, mean age 26,57 years, time from diagnosis to NPM 0,35 years. Clinical mani-festations: Nephritis 90%, skin involvement 65%, lymphopenia 60%, arthritis 55%, serositis 55%, leukopenia 20%, alveolar hemorrhage 15%, thrombocyto-penia 15%, oral ulcers 15% and AHA 5%. Laboratory: ANA 100%, anti-DNA antibodies 90%, low complement 95%. anti-Sm 40%, anti-Ro 25%, anti-La 10%, anti-RNP 30%. Mean SELENA-SLEDAI score was 26,20. NPM: seizure 70%, acute confusional state 45%, cognitive dysfunction 20%, psychosis 10%, peripheral neuropathy 10%, myelopathy 5% and CVD 5%. Abnormal EEG 60%. MRI was normal in 20%, 35% had small punctate hyperintense lesions (HL) and 45% had extensive HL. All patients received IV methylprednisolone; immunosuppresors 55%-CYC (10/20), MMF (1/20), RTX 45%, IVIG 20% and plasmapheresis 10%. Combination treatment was necessary in five cases. Mortality rate was 5%. Alive patients recovered their neurologic condition after 6 months of being discharged from the hospital. Conclusions: NP involvement is an early SLE complication during the course of a highly active and generalized disease. Despite the severity of the NPM, the functional prognosis is good, and the mortality seems to be low, if a wide ther-apeutic arsenal, multispecialty staff and necessary infrastructure are available. ER  - 
SLE patients with cerebral lupus in a Malaysian rheumatology centre$$$ Background/purpose: To determine the prevalence, clinical manifestations, autoantibody profile sensitivity and radiological features of cerebral lupus in a Malaysian Rheumatology centre. Methods: This retrospective study was conducted in a Malaysian Rheumatology centre over one year. Records of 314 patients with SLE were analyzed. Results: In this study 49 (16%) out of 314 SLE patients had cerebral lupus during their course of illness. 47 (16%) out of 300 female SLE patients and 2 (14%) out of 14 male SLE patients had cerebral lupus respectively. Cerebral lupus occurrence among the different ethnic groups were 36 (16%) out of 221 Malays, 9 (12%) out of 75 Chinese, 2 (18%) out of 11 Indians and 2 (29%) out of 7 other ethnicities. Manifestations of cerebral lupus were seizures (43%), cognitive dysfunction (37%), headache (10%), psychosis (8%) and transverse myelitis (2%). Anti-nuclear antibody (ANA) was positive in 48 (98%), anti-double stranded DNA antibody (anti-dsDNA) was positive in 29 (64%) , anti-RNP antibody was positive in 23 (59%) and anti-Sm was positive in 17 (47%) cerebral lupus patients. MRI brain was done in 39 cerebral lupus patients and CT brain in 38 cerebral lupus patients. In patients who had done MRI brain 15 (38%) showed normal findings, 12 (31%) infarcts, 11 (28%) vasculitis and 1 (3%) hyperintensity signals. In comparison CT brain showed 24 (63%) normal studies, 10 (26%) infarcts and 4 (11%) cerebral atrophy. Conclusion: Prevalence of cerebral lupus was 16% in this study cohort. Similar to other studies seizures and cognitive dysfunction were the most common manifestation seen. Patients with cerebral lupus were very likely to have positive ANA and anti-dsDNA. MRI and CT brain showed higher percentage of normal findings in this study cohort of cerebral lupus patients. ER  - 
Management and outcomes of giant prolactinoma: A series of 71 patients$$$ Objective: To describe outcomes of patients with giant prolactinoma (≥4 cm) and identify predictors of therapeutic response. Methods: In this retrospective study, complete biochemical and structural response were defined as prolactin (PRL) ≤25 ng/mL and no visible tumor at follow-up, respectively. Results: Giant prolactinoma (median size, 4.8 cm [range, 4 to 9.8 cm]; median PRL, 5,927 ng/mL [range, 120 to 100,000 ng/mL]) was diagnosed in 71 patients. Treatments included: Dopamine agonists (DAs) (n = 70, 99%), surgery (n = 30, 42%), radiation (n = 10, 14%), and somatostatin analogs (n = 2, 3%). Patients treated with DA monotherapy were older compared with those who received subsequent therapies (47 years vs. 28 years; P = .003) but had similar initial PRL and tumor size. Surgically managed patients were younger compared with the nonsurgical group (35 years vs. 46 years; P = .02) and had lower initial PRL (3,121 ng/mL vs. 6,920 ng/mL; P = .02), yet they had similar tumor response. Hypopituitarism was more common following surgery compared to medical management: Adrenal insufficiency (69% vs. 27%; P<.001), hypothyroidism (67% vs. 38%; P = .02), growth hormone deficiency (24% vs. 6%; P = .04), and diabetes insipidus (17% vs. 3%; P = .04). Therapeutic response did not correlate with sex, age, initial PRL, tumor size, or first-line therapy mode. At median follow-up of 4.8 years, the median PRL was 18.3 ng/mL (range, 0.6 to 12,680 ng/mL), and final volume was 0.9 cm3 (range, 0 to 43.0 cm3). In those with available data, 36/65 (55%) patients achieved PRL normalization, and 16/61 (26%) had no visible tumor at follow-up. Conclusion: Most patients with giant prolactinoma have excellent response to DA. Sex, age, initial PRL, and tumor size do not predict therapeutic response. ER  - 
Clinical, neuroimaging and immunological phenotype of South African neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus patients$$$ Neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) is an important cause of morbidity and mortality. We undertook this observational retrospective study of patients with NPSLE who had brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to determine the indications for MRI and the correlation of clinical and laboratory findings with MRI. We identified 83 NPSLE patients (84.3% women) seen at Inkosi Albert Luthuli Central Hospital in Durban, South Africa, between June 2003 and May 2017. The mean age at SLE diagnosis was 26.24 ± 12.81 years and the median interval to NPSLE was 11.0 (interquartile range, 4.0–39.0) months. The most common indications for MRI were seizures (45.8%), psychosis (18.1%) and cerebrovascular disease (18.1%). The MRI was abnormal in 68 (81.9%) with small-vessel disease in 65 (78.3%) and large-vessel disease in eight (9.6%). The small-vessel abnormalities were white-matter hyperintensities (WMH) (59.0%), atrophy (55.4%) and lacunae (4.6%). Our patients had high disease activity at NPSLE. Cerebrovascular disease was associated with an abnormal MRI (p = 0.018) and large-vessel disease (p = 0.014) on MRI. Our NPSLE patients were younger and had high disease activity, and seizures were more common compared with other studies. The most common MRI abnormalities were WMH and cortical atrophy, in agreement with other studies. ER  - 
Antiphospholipid syndrome in systemic lupus erythematosus leads to a more severe disease$$$ Background Antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL) have been associated with organ damage and certain features in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients. Our aim was to investigate the differences between SLE patients according to the presence of aPL and/or clinical antiphospholipid syndrome (APS). Methods Patients from the RELESSER-T registry were included. RELESSER-T is a multicenter, hospital-based registry, with retrospective cross-sectional collection of data from a large representative sample of adult non-selected patients with SLE attending Spanish rheumatology services from the public national health system. Results We included 3651 SLE patients and 1368 were positive for aPL (44.9% of patients were positive for anticardiolipin antibodies, 27.3% showed positivity for anti b2glycoprotein I and 24% for lupus anticoagulant). Overall 2283 patients were classified as SLE no aPL, 528 as SLEAPS and 840 as SLE-aPL. Demographic data, clinical and laboratory features in the different groups are showed in table 1. Regarding cardiovascular risk factors, SLE-APS patients had higher rates of hypertension, dyslipidemia and diabetes than SLE-aPL and SLE no aPL patients (p<0.001, p<0.001 and p=0,022, respectively). SLE-APS patients showed a lower prevalence of photosensitivity and higher frequencies of serositis, proteinuria (>0.5 grs), urinary cell casts, seizures and psychosis (p0.001). Overall, SLE-APS patients showed a lower rate of cutaneous manifestations and higher rates of neuropsychiatric, cardiac, pulmonary, renal, joint and ophthalmological manifestations (table 1). In accordance with a more severe clinical profile, higher frequency of anti-DNA antibodies and hypocomplementemia were observed in the SLE-APS group (p<0.001). In addition to a higher disease activity (SLEDAI), SLE APS patients presented more damage accrual with higher values in SLICC (1.9±2.2 in SLE APS, 0.9±1.4 in SLE aPL and 1.1±1.6, p<0.001) and Katz indexes (3±1.8 in SLE APS, 2.7±1.7 in SLE aPL and 2.6±1.6 in SLE no aPL, p<0.001). Conclusions SLE-APS patients show a more severe clinical profile with higher frequency of major organ involvement and more damage accrual than SLE-aPL and SLE no APL. ER  - 
Loss of responsiveness in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Aims: The aim of this study was to investigate the frequency of loss of responsiveness (LOR) in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and to characterize the patients' clinical variables that may be associated with such a manifestation. Methods: In this retrospective study, all patients with documented PNES, who were investigated at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, from 2008 to 2018, were investigated. Results: During the study period, data was available for 324/325 patients with PNES. In total, 275 patients (85%) reported LOR during their seizures, but this was not the case for 49 patients (15%). The model, generated by regression analysis, was shown to be significant (p=0.0001) and LOR could be predicted in 84% of the patients. Closed eyes during seizures (OR: 4.4; 95% CI: 2.101–9.235; p=0.0001) and seizure-associated injury (OR: 3.5; 95% CI: 1.402–8.686; p=0.007) were significantly associated with LOR based on the model. Conclusion: Patients with PNES may frequently report LOR, which is significantly associated with seizure-related injuries. Therefore, it is important to apply appropriate management strategies for patients with PNES and LOR in order to prevent or decrease the possibility of any associated consequences, including ictal injury. ER  - 
Predictors of poisoning severity in diphenhydramine overdose$$$ Background: Diphenhydramine (DPH) is a commonly used medication in OTC sleep aids and allergy formulations. DPH is frequently misused recreationally for its antihistaminergic and antimuscarinic effects and is involved in serious and fatal poisonings. Objective:We describe the signs and symptoms (e.g., delirium/toxic psychosis, agitation, QRS/QT prolongation) associated with severe outcomes (e.g., ventricular dysrhythmias, intubation) in DPH overdoses using the ToxIC registry. Methods: Retrospective review of the ToxIC registry database (2010- 2016). Descriptive analysis of all cases with diphenhydramine as the 'primary agent' contributing to toxicity. Cases were excluded if there was any other primary agent. Results:We identified 2465 cases with 864 cases remaining after exclusion criteria (female, 511/864; 59%). Clinical effects included delirium/toxic psychosis (n = 346, 42.1%), agitation (n = 286, 33.1%), tachycardia (n = 258, 29.8%), hallucinations (n = 179, 20.7%), coma/CNS depression (n = 151, 17.4%), seizures (n = 98, 11.3%), prolonged QTc (> 500 ms) (n=60, 7%), and hyperreflexia/myoclonus/clonus/tremor (n = 40, 4%). There were three deaths (0.3%). Seizures were significantly associated with QRS widening (OR 4.83; 95% CI 1.85-12.58) andQTc prolongation (OR 1.99; 95% CI 1.04-3.81). Intubation was significantly associated with coma/CNS depression (OR 10.25, 95% CI 5.99-17.54), QRS widening (OR 15.65, 95% CI 6.11-40.09), and QTc prolongation (OR 3.05, 95% CI 1.5-6.21). Ventricular dysrhythmias were significantly associated with QRS widening (OR 37.28, 95% CI 9.52-145.9) and QTc prolongation (OR 9.5, 95% CI 2.6-34.6). Seizures, ventricular dysrhythmias, and intubation were not significantly associated with delirium/toxic psychosis and agitation. Discussion: Severe DPH toxicity, manifesting as seizures, ventricular dysrhythmias, and need for intubation were all significantly associated with cardiac conduction disturbances (QRS/QTc prolongation) but not with delirium/toxic psychosis and agitation. Future studies should be aimed at prospective evaluation of chronology of symptom onset to better predict poisoning severity in DPH overdose and determine if early QRS/QTc prolongation can predict severe toxicity as it does with tricyclic antidepressants. ER  - 
Family practitioners' top medical priorities when managing patients with multimorbidity: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Managing multiple chronic and acute conditions in patients with multimorbidity requires setting medical priorities. How family practitioners (FPs) rank medical priorities between highly, moderately, or rarely prevalent chronic conditions (CCs) has never been described. The authors hypothesised that there was no relationship between the prevalence of CCs and their medical priority ranking in individual patients with multimorbidity. Aim: To describe FPs' medical priority ranking of conditions relative to their prevalence in patients with multimorbidity. Design & setting: This cross-sectional study of 100 FPs in Switzerland included patients with ≥3 CCs on a predefined list of 75 items from the International Classification of Primary Care 2 (ICPC- 2); other conditions could be added. FPs ranked all conditions by their medical priority. Method: Priority ranking and distribution were calculated for each condition separately and for the top three priorities together. Results: The sample contained 888 patients aged 28-98 years (mean 73), of which 48.2% were male. Included patients had 3-19 conditions (median 7; interquantile range [IQR] 6-9). FPs used 74/ 75 CCs from the predefined list, of which 27 were highly prevalent (> 5%). In total, 336 different conditions were recorded. Highly prevalent CCs were only the top medical priority in 66%, and the first three priorities in 33%, of cases. No correlation was found between prevalence and the ranking of medical priorities. Conclusion: FPs faced a great diversity of different conditions in their patients with multimorbidity, with nearly every condition being found at nearly every rank of medical priority, depending on the patient. Medical priority ranking was independent of the prevalence of CCs. ER  - 
Initial patient-reported outcomes of neoadjuvant apalutamide (ARN-509) and radical prostatectomy in treatment of intermediate to high risk prostate cancer (NEAR) trial-a phase II trial$$$ Introduction and Objectives: While Apalutamide (ARN-509) has been approved for treatment of M0 CRPC, its role in neoadjuvant therapy prior to radical prostatectomy has not been studied. The NEAR trial is a phase II single arm study of neoadjuvant apalutamide (ARN-509) and radical prostatectomy (RP) in the treatment of D'Amico intermediate and high-risk prostate cancer (Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT03124433). We report on the initial patient-reported outcomes following 12 weeks of ARN-509 therapy. Methods: Eligibility criteria included patients between 21-75 years old diagnosed with conventional adenocarcinoma, excluding those with radio-recurrent disease, and poor ECOG status (3 or below). Participants received ARN-509 240 mg daily for 12 weeks followed by RP within 6 weeks of the last dose of medication. Patient-reported outcomes assessed included Sexual Health Inventory for Men (SHIM), EORTC QLQ-PR25 and QLQC30 questionnaires at time-points of week 0, 4 and 12 following ARN-509 therapy. All subjects were issued pedometers and encouraged to adopt walking as physical exercise. The total daily step count was taken as a surrogate measure of physical activity level. Metabolic outcomes were measured using body mass index (BMI). Statistical significance was defined as p < 0.05. Results: Of the planned 30 subjects to be enrolled, 20 have completed the study. The SHIM mean scores showed a statistically significant reduction with ARN509 therapy: 15 (week 0), 11 (week 4) to 10 (week 12) (p = 0.001). There were no statistically significant changes to QLQ-PR25 total scores (p = 0.4) and in the in QLQC30-overall health and quality of life mean scores (p = 0.4). QLQC30-single items mean scores showed a small deterioration that was statistically significant from week 0 to week 12 (p = 0.04), but not clinically significant. There were no significant changes in weight or BMI during ARN 509 therapy (p = 0.3). Activity levels of subjects remained stable throughout the trial period (p = 0.99) as measured by the daily step count measured during a pedometer. The adverse events (AE) attributable to ARN-509 therapy (classified by CTCAE version 5) included the following: (i) Skin disorders - dry skin (70%), maculopapular rash (55%), nipple area hyperalgesia (20%) (ii) Nervous system disorders - dizziness (15%), memory impairment (5%) (iii) Psychiatric disorders - depression (5%), decreased libido (25%), insomnia (15%) (iv) General disorders - fatigue (40%) There were no falls, fractures or seizures described. All attributable AEs were grade 2 or better in severity. Conclusions: These initial results show that 12 weeks of neoadjuvant ARN-509 treatment is fairly well tolerated. Despite the reductions in sexual function based on SHIM scores and QLQC30 single items scores, there were no clinically significant changes in overall patient-related outcomes based on PR-25 and QLQ-C30 overall health and quality of life scores. There was also no impact on the daily physical activity of the patients. The attributable AEs were most commonly skin disorders and were generally of low severity grade. ER  - 
The role of sleeping pills in the development of shingles in veterans$$$ Introduction: There is continuing evidence that the chronic use of sleeping pills may be a risk factor for infection. One infection of concern in the aging veteran population is Herpes Zoster (HZ) . Veterans are commonly prescribed sedative-hypnotics (sleeping pills) for chronic conditions such as insomnia, generalized anxiety disorders, mood disorders, alcohol withdrawal, seizures, panic attacks. Methods: We studied the relationship between commonly prescribed sedative-hypnotics (benzodiazepines and Z-drugs) and incident HZ among veterans who received care at the James A. Haley Veteran's Hospital. A total of 22,000 veterans were randomly selected from each quarter year from 2007-2011 from the CPRS/ VISTA patient record system. All outpatient diagnoses, procedures and pharmacy data between 2006-2015 were then drawn for this cohort. To eliminate confounding by calendar date, patients without HZ were frequency matched on a visit date that was close to a HZ diagnosis date in the patients with HZ. Hypnotic use was examined in the 365 days prior to the HZ diagnosis date or a matching control date. Patients who had an acute hypnotic use (e.g. for a medical procedure) prior to the 90 days of HZ diagnosis date were excluded from that analysis. Logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios (OR). Results: Of 3522 patients on sedative-hypnotics, 200 (5.7%) developed HZ; out of the 18422 patients with no prescription for hypnotics, 741 (4.0%) developed HZ (OR = 1.437, 95%CI = 1.224, 1.687). The association remained significant (OR= 1.22, 95%CI =1.024,1.453) after adjusting for age, sex, BMI, Charlson comorbidity index, race, Hispanic ethnicity, marital status, combat status, opioid use. Conclusion: Chronic use of sleeping pills is associated with later development of HZ. This supports a premise that long-term use of sleeping pills lowers immune status. ER  - 
Tolerability of high-dose ceftriaxone in CNS infections: A prospective multicentre cohort study$$$ Background: Ceftriaxone is widely used to treat community-acquired CNS bacterial infections. French guidelines for meningitis in adults promote 75-100 mg/kg/day ceftriaxone without an upper limit for dosage, yet little is known about the pharmacology and tolerability of such regimens. Patients and methods: A multicentre prospective cohort study was conducted in adult patients to assess the adverse drug reactions (ADRs) of high-dose ceftriaxone (i.e. daily dosage ≥4g or ≥75 mg/kg) in CNS infections and to analyse their related factors. Drug causality was systematically assessed by an expert committee who reviewed the medical charts of all included patients. Results: A total of 196 patients were enrolled over a 31month period. Median dosage and duration of ceftriaxone were 96.4 mg/kg/day (7 g/day) and 8 days, respectively. Nineteen ceftriaxone-related ADRs (mainly neurological) occurred in 17 patients (8.7%), with only one case of treatment discontinuation (biliary pseudolithiasis). In univariate analysis, older age, male gender, renal impairment and high trough ceftriaxone plasma concentration were associated with ceftriaxone-related ADRs. Conclusions: High-dose ceftriaxone for CNS infection administered as recommended by French guidelines in adults was well tolerated overall, suggesting these recommendations could be applied and generalized. In patients with advanced age or renal insufficiency, prescription should be done with caution and therapeutic drug monitoring could be useful. ER  - 
Intravenous lidocaine provides similar analgesia to intravenous morphine for undifferentiated severe pain in the emergency department: A pilot, unblinded randomized controlled trial$$$ Objectives. We compared the analgesic effects of intravenous (IV) lidocaine and IV morphine for the treatment of severe pain in the emergency department (ED). Methods. This was a pilot, unblinded randomized controlled study comparing the efficacy of IV lidocaine vs IV morphine for patients aged 18 years with severe pain (numerical rating scale [NRS] 7). Participants were randomized to receive IV lidocaine (75 mg if <50 kg, 100 mg if 50-100 kg, and 150 mg if >100 kg) over 10 minutes, followed by a 50-minute IV lidocaine infusion of the same dose or provider-chosen dose of morphine. Participants were eligible for rescue morphine. The primary outcome was the difference in patients' mean reported pain at 60 minutes. Secondary outcomes included total morphine consumption, patient satisfaction, and side effects. Results. Thirty-two patients were enrolled. The lidocaine arm's mean pain NRS at 60 minutes was 5.1 (95% confidence interval [CI] 5 3.3 to 6.8) compared with 4.2 (95% CI 5 3.0 to 5.4) in the morphine arm, and the absolute difference was 0.9 (95% CI 5 -1.2 to 2.9). Among participants in the lidocaine and morphine arms, 13% and 38%, respectively, had side effects. Patient satisfaction was similar in both arms (87% and 88%). Lidocaine arm patients averaged 4.5 mg of IV morphine (95% CI 5 3.0 to 6.0) compared with 8.4 mg (95% CI 5 6.9 to 9.8) in the morphine arm, an absolute difference of 3.9 mg (95% CI 5 1.8 to 5.9). Conclusions. We found similar pain relief and satisfaction in both study arms. Lidocaine arm participants had fewer side effects and required less morphine. Lidocaine is a potential opioid-sparing analgesic that deserves further study for severe pain in ED patients. ER  - 
Osmotic demyelination syndrome after liver transplantation-etiology and treatment options$$$ Purpose: Orthotopic liver transplantation (OLT) is the only effective therapy for patients with end stage liver failure that increases long-term survival, but is not without complications. One rare and devastating complication is osmotic demyelination syndrome (ODS). The purpose of this study is to evaluate the plasmapheresis (PLEX) as a treatment option in patients with ODS after liver transplantation. Methods: Charts for all patients undergoing OLT at our center between January 2007 and March 2017 (n=1140) were retrospectively reviewed. From this data, 146 patients underwent neurological work up for postoperative neurological changes. Results: Of these, nine patients were diagnosed with ODS based on clinical symp-toms and brain MRI findings. The leading indication for neurological consultation was altered mental status. Other symptoms included: dysarthria, dysphagia, difficulty withtonguemovements, increased tone, weakness of extremities, tremor, myoclonus, ataxia, pseudobulbar affect, frontal release signs, hallucinations, and seizures. Five of these nine patients were treated with plasmapheresis and none received intravenous immunoglobulin. Neurological evaluation was done with MRI head, EEG and Kurtzke's Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) score prior to discharge and upon follow-up. The median follow up was 465 days. Data gathered from the electronic medical record included age at time of OLT, gender, indication for OLT, diagnosis of alcoholic cirrhosis, presence of pre-transplant encephalopathy, operative time, blood loss during operation, amount of blood product and IVF transfusion, requirement of postoperative dialysis or continuous veno-venous hemodialysis (CWH), pre-transplant sodium level, post-transplant sodium level, other electrolyte fluctua-tions within 48 hours of the postoperative period, and tacrolimus peak levels within the first fourteen days of surgery. All analyzes has been done by non-parametric analysis. The only predictor for ODS is the intraoperative blood loss (Tab 1). The plasmapheresis group had significantly better EDSS score and their EDSS score had improved significantly during the hospital stay (Fig 1). Conclusions: ODS is a rare and potentially devastating complication after OLT. It requires a high degree of clinical suspicion. It is important to monitor several factors in patients undergoing liver transplant, these include preoperative and postoperative sodium levels as well as administration of blood products. The only valid treatment is early plasmapheresis, which have been shown to improve the patient's neurological status and outcomes. [Figure Presented]. ER  - 
Psychiatric effects of ketogenic diet therapies on adults with chronic epilepsy$$$ Objective: To survey adults starting and currently on ketogenic diet therapy (KDT) for chronic epilepsy and determine whether there are beneficial effects on depression and anxiety. Background: Ketogenic Diet Therapies are nonpharmacologic treatments shown to be effective in children and adults with intractable epilepsy. Little is known about the effects of KDT on mood for adults with epilepsy. An estimated 37% of people with epilepsy have psychiatric disturbances. Although KDTs require certain diet restrictions, a low carbohydrate, high fat diet may improve negative affect in patients with or without existing comorbid psychiatric disorders. Design/Methods: For adults already on a KDT for 3 months or more, a retrospective survey was administered assessing their mood prior to and while on a KDT. Patients that were diet naïve completed a prospective pre-diet survey as well as one or more on-diet surveys after 3 months or more on-diet. KDT responders were defined as experiencing ≥ 50% seizure reduction. Results: Of 33 adults on KDT that completed the retrospective survey, 91% reported symptoms of anxiety (28) and/or depression (29) prior to starting. Sixteen (48%) reported reduction in either anxiety (1), depressive symptoms (5), or both (10) on KDT. Thirty-three percent had anxiety and/or depressive symptoms worsen. Twenty-seven percent had all symptoms remain the same or solely anxiety symptoms remain the same. In 3 patients who completed prospective surveys, 66% showed dramatically improved anxiety and depressive symptoms and all participants responded to KDT. One participant without improvement reported increased anxiety. Conclusions: Chronic psychiatric symptoms may be under-reported in adults with epilepsy. The majority of anxiety and depressive symptoms improved among nearly half of patients examined retrospectively and two thirds of patients examined prospectively. Patients with worsening symptoms were symptomatic at baseline, indicating KDT likely did not result in development of psychiatric symptoms. KDT may reduce psychiatric symptoms in adults with chronic epilepsy. ER  - 
How effective is standard mental health treatment for the prevention of PNES: A preliminary study?$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to explore access of veterans to mental health therapies prior to the diagnosis of PNES. Background: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are paroxysmal events, not caused by ictal epileptiform activity. PNES is strongly associated with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Treatment efficacy of PNES remains controversial, however it has been proposed that both psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy cause a reduction in seizure frequency and healthcare utilization. Design/Methods: This is a longitudinal, retrospective study of healthcare records of Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) and Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF) veterans using the VA healthcare system, diagnosed with PNES through video electroencephalogram (vEEG) from 2003-2016. Chi-squared analyses were conducted between covariates. Results: Of the 371 veterans were included in this cohort, 308 (83%) were male, and the average age at first PNES episode was 34. In the year prior to diagnosis, 212 (57%) experienced >30 episodes, prompting at least one emergency room visit in 89 (24%), and at least one hospital admission in 91 (25%). Psychotherapy was performed in 160 (43%), of which 139 (87%) were diagnosed with PTSD. Psychotherapy was most frequently individual (136 (85%)), supportive therapy (138 (86%)), with 97 (61%) veterans undergoing <20 therapy sessions and 40 (25%) undergoing >20. Seizure burden was not associated with the utilization of psychotherapy (p=0.067), however seizure burden was associated with PTSD (0.0001). Pharmacotherapy in the form of anti-seizure drugs (ASDs) were utilized in 288 (78%), including ASDs with known mood stabilizing properties; Valproate 72 (5%), Lamotrigine 191 (66%), Carbamazepine 80 (28%), and Oxcarbazepine 43 (15%). Conclusions: Preliminary analysis suggests most veterans with PNES received psychotherapy for PTSD prior to diagnosis and yet continued to suffer from PNES. This may imply that although PTSD and PNES may exist concomitantly, PNES requires a separate and specific treatment modality. ER  - 
CAR-T-cell-related encephalopathy syndrome: High rates of neurotoxicity in clinical practice$$$ Objective: To describe clinical features of Chimeric Antigen Receptor T cell (CAR-T-cell) Related Encephalopathy Syndrome (CRES) to better understand the clinical features to potentially permit instituting earlier treatment and supportive care. Background: CRES is a known adverse event associated with CAR-T-cell therapy. Predictive modeling is essential for early identification and prevention of severe CRES. Design/Methods: In this retrospective study, 26 patients with relapsed refractory diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL) who received commercial CAR-T cell therapy (25 axicabtagene ciloleucel [Yescarta®], 1 tisagenlecleucel [Kymriah®]) were assessed for CRES (CTCAE criteria), increased intracranial pressure (ICP), CSF abnormalities, CNS endothelial compromise, seizures and encephalopathy. Results: Twenty-three patients developed CRES of any grade (I 43%, II 22%, III 17%, IV 17%). On average, CRES developed on Day 6 after CAR-T infusion (ranging from Day 1 to 13), resolving between 1 day to remaining unresolved. Death from disease progression occurred in 15%. Older age (average age 61 vs 52), male gender (65%), psychosis (9%), exclusive dysgraphia (22%), elevated OP (>20mmHg, 23%), and triphasic waves (25% of EEGs), were associated with severe (Grade III and IV) CRES. Tremulousness was the most common first sign of neurotoxicity (74%), followed by dysgraphia (61%), disorientation (48%), dyscalculia (48%), and dysnomia (30%). Headache (74%) was noted in CRES of all grades. Of 13 who received lumbar punctures, 77% had lymphocytic pleocytosis and 85% had elevated protein. Of 12 patients who obtained EEG, findings of encephalopathy (75%), and Frontal Intermittent Rhythmic Delta Activity (17%) were noted. Of 13 who had brain MRI wwo, none showed enhancement. Abnormal average CARTOX-10 scores (Neelapu et al. 2017) were CRES Grade I 9.9, II 7.8, III 5.5, IV 4.9. Conclusions: Off-protocol CAR-T for DLBCL results in a high frequency of CRES and heterogeneous presentations. Most patients recover. Additional studies on the value of baseline predictors are warranted. ER  - 
Paroxysmal symptoms and correlated EEG findings in dementia with LEWY bodies$$$ Objective: Investigate paroxysmal symptoms in Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) and corresponding EEG correlates. Background: DLB diagnostic criteria have multiple paroxysmal features - variation in attention and alertness, well-formed visual hallucinations, syncope, and REM sleep behavior disorder (RBD), whose pathophysiology is unclear. Epileptic origin is considered one of the possibilities. Few studies have systematically looked at EEG features of DLB patients in relation to these symptoms. One study of EEG in autopsy-confirmed DLB showed focal temporal lobe slowing in half the patients (7/14). These had a statistically higher likelihood of having syncope. Another study found that 15% of patients with DLB will have seizures. Design/Methods: We identified DLB patients by performing retrospective chart review for the period between Jan 2013 and May 2018 by using ICD 9 and ICD 10 billing codes. We collected variables related to paroxysmal symptoms and EEG findings. Results: We found 24 patients with probable DLB, eleven of whom had EEGs. Eight of these suffered from visual hallucinations with six having generalized slowing and one left occipital slowing on EEG. Six patients had an alteration in attention with five patients having generalized slowing and one having left occipital slowing. All three RBD patients had generalized slowing on EEG. Two out of four syncope patients had diffuse slowing while two were normal. Two patients (8.3%) had seizures, one with normal EEG and another with left occipital slowing. Overall, two EEGs were normal, eight showed generalized slowing, one focal left occipital slowing but none had epileptiform discharges. Fisher's exact square test did not yield a significant relationship between abnormal EEG findings and visual hallucinations (p=0.15) or fluctuation in attention (p=0.18). Conclusions: In this small retrospective study, paroxysmal symptoms of DLB were not associated with specific interictal EEG abnormalities, but further study is needed to evaluate ictal EEG correlates and analyze with quantitative EEG. ER  - 
First canadian experience of brivaracetam in a highly difficult to treat epilepsy population: A two-center clinical study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness and tolerability of BRV in the everyday clinical setting, in our refractory epilepsy population. Background: Brivaracetam is a novel antiepileptic drug licensed in Canada in 2016 for adjunctive treatment of focal-onset seizures. However, clinical experience is limited for its use in patients with highly refractory epilepsy. Design/Methods: This retrospective, observational, multicenter study analyzed all patients who had been treated with BRV using medical information system and a questionnaire adapted from the well-known Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP). The final assessment point was the end of 2017. Results: Data of 38 patients were analyzed, 73.7% female. Mean age was 36.2 years-old. The mean number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) used was 8.9 for previous use and 2.5 for current use. 90% of patients had been previously exposed to levetiracetam (LEV). Mean seizure frequency in the last 3 months was 12 seizures per month. At 3, 6 and 12 months, the 50% responder rates were 44.1%, 36.4% and 58.37% while 14.7%, 18.2% and 16.7% were seizure free. No differences in efficacy were observed between generalized or focal epilepsy. Patients took BRV for a mean duration of 11.1 months. Retention rate was 55.3%. Reasons for discontinuation were adverse events (AEs) in 52.3%, lack of efficacy in 35.3% and both in 11.8%. The total AEs rate was 60.5% according to medical records and 85.7% according to questionnaire. The most frequent AEs were tiredness/sleepiness, psychiatric side effects and memory problems. Although not statistically significant, there was a trend which suggested that psychiatric AEs were more common among patients with psychiatric comorbidity. One patient developed frank psychosis 4 weeks into treatment. Conclusions: This study reports follow-up data in the setting of daily clinical practice in a cohort of patients with refractory epilepsy. In our centers, BRV use seems to be a useful and safe add-on treatment. ER  - 
Characteristics of patients intubated for psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Objective: This study described characteristics and outcomes of intubated psychogenic nonepileptic seizures patients. Background: Patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) sometimes receive aggressive treatment leading to endotracheal intubation in the emergency department (ED). Design/Methods: We retrospectively reviewed all patients with PNES as a discharge diagnosis who underwent continuous electroencephalography (cEEG) monitoring at Henry Ford Hospital between January 2012 and October 2017. Demographics, clinical presentation and treatments in the ED, and cEEG reports were compared between PNES patients who were intubated and those who were not. Results: Of 1,735 patients who underwent cEEG monitoring, 144 patients had PNES as a principal diagnosis. Twenty-four of these patients (17%) were intubated. Compared with nonintubated patients, intubated PNES patients were more likely to be white (91% vs 63%, P = 0.01), have lower admission Glasgow Coma Scale scores (12 [interquartile range, IQR 11-15] vs 15 [IQR 15-15], P < 0.001), have convulsive symptoms in the ED (100% vs 76%, P = 0.004), and have longer seizure duration in the ED (12 [IQR 2-49] vs 2 [IQR 1-7] minutes, P = 0.044), In addition, intubated PNES patients were more frequently diagnosed as status epilepticus (88% vs 8%, P < 0.001), treated with multiple antiepileptic drugs (AEDs, 2 [IQR 1-3] vs 1 [IQR 1-2], P = 0.001) and continuous infusion AEDs (CIV-AEDs, 55% vs 9%, P < 0.001), and received higher dose of benzodiazepines (30 [IQR 18-44] vs 10 [IQR 5-20] mg of diazepam equivalents, P = 0.001). There was no mortality; the rate of re-hospitalization within 30 days was substantially higher in intubated PNES patients (21% vs 5%, P = 0.02). Conclusions: Seventeen percent of PNES patients were intubated, and these patients have a high rate of re-hospitalization. Prolonged seizure duration, depressed level of consciousness, and aggressive treatment with benzodiazepines place PNES patients at risk for unnecessary intubation. ER  - 
Autoimmune encephalitis associated with n-type voltage-gated calcium channels in children: A case series$$$ Objective: We present the diagnostic and clinical course of the first multicenter case series of pediatric patients with autoimmune encephalitis associated with N-type voltage gated calcium channel antibodies. Background: Autoimmune encephalitis may present across a broad phenotypic spectrum that includes seizures, abnormal movements, autonomic dysfunction, memory deficits, hallucinations, and other behavioral alterations. A growing litany of antibodies have been associated with autoimmune encephalitis. Fortunately, autoimmune encephalitis is often treatable with immunotherapy, including corticosteroids, intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG), plasmapheresis, and immunomodulatory therapies. Antibodies against N-type VGCCs have been previously associated with autoimmune encephalitis in several adults and in one child. Design/Methods: Data from two university hospital were retrospectively reviewed and records of three patients with autoimmune associated with N-type voltage gated calcium channel antibodies were evaluated. Results: The three pediatric patients (all female) had symptoms that spanned the clinical spectrum. All three, however, had regression of expressive language and agitation. Neuroimaging in all three patients was normal; EEG findings varied among the three patients. Positive titers against the N-type voltage gated calcium channel antibody were found in their cerebrospinal fluid. Following administration of IVIG, all three had improvement in their core presenting symptoms. Conclusions: Autoimmune encephalitis associated with N-type voltage gated calcium channel antibodies in the pediatric population presents with a wide clinical spectrum, although expressive language delay and agitation seem to be common symptoms. Anti-N-type VGCC antibody encephalitis is responsive to treatment with IVIG and, as such, should be treated promptly upon diagnosis in order to attenuate the potential risks of long-term neurologic sequelae. ER  - 
Trends and outcomes in child and adolescent mental health emergencies: a 7-year follow-up study$$$ Background and aims.- Children and adolescents require increasing numbers of visits to psychiatry emergency departments (ED). Aims.- To underpin sociodemographic and clinical variables associated with an upward trend in ED visits. To analyse diagnostic stability over the follow-up. Methods.- Retrospective study of 160 patients aged under 17 years who attended ED due to psychiatric concerns over a 7-year period (2010-2017). Results.-Meanage 14,62 years (SD: 2,15). 52,5% females. Prevalence of ED visits spanning from 14,4% in 2010 to 25% in 2016. 71,3% lived in urban settings, 51% of parents were divorced. Most prevalent causes of ED visits: aggressive behaviour in males (56%), self-harm in females (40%). Personal history of suicide attempt was significantly more prevalent among females (p < 0.001). Severe problems of primary support group detected in 25,8% of subjects. Somatic history: epilepsy (10,1%), coeliac disease (6,3%), diabetes (5,7%), heart disease (1,9%), thyroid disease (1,9%), cerebral palsy (1,3%). 89,9% had a prior psychiatric diagnosis: Conduct Disorders (40,6%), ADHD(16,3%), Major Depression (11,9%).73%received psychopharmacological treatment prior to ED admission (44% antipsychotics, 43% benzodiacepines, 30% antidepressants, 14% mood stabilizers, 11% stimulants). 12% abused drugs (THC being the most prevalent). Alcohol abuse was significantly more prevalent among females (p = 0,026). Psychiatric family history positive in 42% of cases. Inpatient admission rates: 13,2%. Attendance to first follow-up appointment: 78,1%. 57,8% collected ED prescriptions. Diagnostic stability over 7 years: 73%. Conclusions.- Significant gender differences were noted among children and adolescents who attend ED. Low rates of compliance to ED prescriptions and deficits in follow-up care need to be addressed. ER  - 
Personality traits in a sample of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy in an epilepsy unit in Barcelona$$$ Background and aims.- Epilepsy is associated with increased prevalence of psychopathology compared with general population and is present to a higher rate in drug resistant epilepsy (DRE), which makes treatment of DRE more complex, as it must not only focus on achieving seizure-freedom, but also on managing of psychiatric comorbidities amongst other complications (1). During years it has been investigated how epilepsy can affect the neural circuits mediating personality (2). It has been shown that seizures may negatively influence personality development and can result in developing maladaptive personality traits (3). This can be seen to a higher extent in patients with DRE, who could show more marked personality traits. AIM: To describe the personality profile of a sample of patients with DRE from an Epilepsy Unit of Hospital Clinic in Barcelona during a 9-year period (2008-2016). Methods.- Retrospective study of 453 patients with DRE. Clinical and sociodemographic variables were analyzed and patients completed the PDQ-4 questionnaire. Analyses were performed using SPSS Statistics. Results.- Sociodemographic and presence of axis I disorders and results of PDQ-4 are shown in figure1. (Figure Presented) Conclusions.- The results from our sample show moderate and high levels of psychopathology in different subtypes of personality disorders, being particularly high (scores>30) in all the areas except for narcissistic, antisocial and dependent. They are in accordance with previous data (3,4) and suggest that the presence of abnormal personality profiles in patients with epilepsy is high, being more severe in DRE. This implies an important concern as their recognition is essential in diagnosis and management as well as its presence can affect the ability to treat the underlying epilepsy (4) and has great impact on quality of life. ER  - 
Professional practices in benzodiazepines prescription among general practitioners in Tunisia$$$ Background and aims.- Benzodiazepines are psychotropic drugs which have a sedative, hypnotic, anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, and muscle relaxant properties. Their pharmacological properties give them undeniable efficacy explaining their wide prescription by psychiatrists and general practitioners. Despite their good tolerance, benzodiazepines have a great potential for addiction. Thus, it is important to codify prescribing rules to which must conform any prescriber. The aim of this study is to evaluate the professional practices in the prescription of benzodiazepines among general practitioners, and to compare them to general prescription rules in order to rationalize the use of these substances. Methods.- Descriptive cross-sectional study conducted with 31 primary-care Tunisian physicians in the public sector, practicing in the governorate of Nabeul and having accepted to answer a preestablished and anonymous self-assessment questionnaire exploring knowledge and prescribing modalities of benzodiazepines. Results.- Among the physicians surveyed, 81% have already prescribed benzodiazepines; 48% of them prescribed it in epilepsy treatment, 35% in anxiety disorders treatment, 26% in the treatment of sleep disorders, and 19% for psychotic disorders. 61% of the surveyed physicians said they had not provided psycho-education informations about the risks that can be induced by benzodiazepines and 71% did not knew the recommended prescription period that must not be exceeded. 48% said they did not know how to assess benzodiazepine dependence. Conclusions.- Benzodiazepine drug dependence is a multifactorial phenomenon. Non-compliance with the prescription rules remains the most common cause, but also the perfect field of intervention for prevention and awareness actions among all physicians. ER  - 
Iron and manganese-related CNS toxicity: mechanisms, diagnosis and treatment$$$ Introduction: Iron (Fe) and manganese (Mn) are essential nutrients for humans. They act as cofactors for a variety of enzymes. In the central nervous system (CNS), these two metals are involved in diverse neurological activities. Dyshomeostasis may interfere with the critical enzymatic activities, hence altering the neurophysiological status and resulting in neurological diseases. Areas covered: In this review, the authors cover the molecular mechanisms of Fe/Mn-induced toxicity and neurological diseases, as well as the diagnosis and potential treatment. Given that both Fe and Mn are abundant in the earth crust, nutritional deficiency is rare. In this review the authors focus on the neurological disorders associated with Mn and Fe overload. Expert commentary: Oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction are the primary molecular mechanism that mediates Fe/Mn-induced neurotoxicity. Although increased Fe or Mn concentrations have been found in brain of patients, it remains controversial whether the elevated metal amounts are the primary cause or secondary consequence of neurological diseases. Currently, treatments are far from satisfactory, although chelation therapy can significantly decrease brain Fe and Mn levels. Studies to determine the primary cause and establish the molecular mechanism of toxicity may help to adapt more comprehensive and satisfactory treatments in the future. ER  - 
Developments in depression in epilepsy: screening, diagnosis, and treatment$$$ Introduction: Depression is one of the most frequent comorbidities in epilepsy affecting between 17% and 22% of patients, but it is still underdiagnosed and undertreated. Areas covered: This paper discusses recent advances about screening, diagnosis, and treatment of depression in epilepsy taking into account the heterogeneity of clinical scenarios where depression can occur. Expert opinion: A number of screening instruments are now validated for adults with epilepsy, and their psychometric properties are discussed but the NDDI-E is the most practical and cost-effective. Challenges in diagnosing depression in epilepsy are discussed including reasons for the atypical features of mood disorders in epilepsy. Psychological treatments and/or SSRIs are indicated, but the level of evidence is still low. Even if there is no reason to hypothesise that internationally accepted guidelines of treatment of depression outside epilepsy may not be valid, rigorous studies are needed in order to have proper outcome measures. Epilepsy centers should have well-defined care pathways for depression in order to provide access to mental health support when needed. ER  - 
Trends in valproate use in patients in Germany between 2009 and 2017$$$ Objective: The goal of this study was to analyze trends in valproate use in patients followed by neurologists and general practitioners in Germany between 2009 and 2017. Methods: This study included all patients aged ≥ 15 years followed in 2009, 2013, and 2017 in neurological (N = 99) and general (N = 499) practices in Germany. Trends in valproate use were estimated based on the mean number of patients per practice who were prescribed valproate and the proportion of physicians prescribing it. Covariables included gender, age, and physician. This cross-sectional study uses descriptive statistics only. Results: In total, 1,298,446 patients were followed in general and neurological practices in 2009, 1,358,160 in 2013, and 1,413,286 in 2017. The mean number of patients aged 15–45 years per practice with at least one valproate prescription decreased in neurological (men: 11.07 versus 9.92; women: 9.27 versus 5.88) and general practices (men: 0.82 versus 0.75; women: 0.60 versus 0.37) between 2009 and 2017. Moreover, the proportion of neurologists prescribing valproate in women between 15 and 45 years of age decreased over time (94% in 2009 versus 86% in 2017), and there was also a substantial decrease in the share of general practitioners prescribing valproate in men (47% versus 41%) and women between 15 and 45 years of age (37% versus 22%). Conclusion: The proportion of men and women between 15 and 45 years of age receiving valproate decreased in neurological and general practices in Germany between 2009 and 2017. ER  - 
Brain MRI abnormalities in patients with infantile spasms and Down syndrome$$$ Introduction: Infantile spasms (IS) are the most frequent epilepsy syndrome in children with Down syndrome (DS). In DS, cellular (synaptic/dendritic changes) and molecular mechanisms are believed to contribute to epileptogenesis, rather than gross structural anomalies. Neuroimaging is a standard part of the evaluation of newly diagnosed infantile epilepsy including IS and, in this age group, often requires sedation. It is unclear if neuroimaging provides additional clinically useful etiologic information in IS associated with DS. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review and detailed neuroimaging review in 36 patients (24 males) with IS and DS, cared for at Boston Children's Hospital. Results: Incidental imaging abnormalities were common (42%), but potentially relevant etiologic abnormalities were rare (16%). Structural congenital or acquired abnormalities were associated with ongoing antiepileptic drug (AED) use (p = 0.02), as well as refractory epilepsy (p = 0.04). However, neuroimaging did not alter the treatment plan for any of these patients. Conclusions: Clinicians must carefully weigh the benefits and risks of neuroimaging in infants with DS and IS, as neuroimaging did not lead to any changes in clinical management in our patients but may offer information regarding prognosis. ER  - 
Knowledge, stigma, and quality of life in epilepsy: Results before and after a community-based epilepsy awareness program in rural Bolivia$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy represents around 0.7% of the overall global burden of diseases and is particularly prevalent and associated with significant disability in low- and middle-income countries (LMIC) in Latin American Countries (LAC). A community-based epilepsy awareness program was carried out by our group in the rural areas of the Chaco region, Plurinational state of Bolivia, to improve the knowledge about epilepsy, with a first part directed toward general practitioners and a second part toward nurses and community health workers (CHWs) of the rural communities with a positive outcome. The objective of the study was to assess the level of knowledge, attitudes, and practices toward epilepsy, the stigma related to epilepsy and the quality of life in people with epilepsy (PWE) before and after the interventional campaign directed toward representative members of the rural communities in the Chaco region in Bolivia. Methods: The study was conducted in three areas of Bolivia. Key subjects from each community were randomly selected. Before and after the courses they answered a questionnaire to assess their knowledge, attitudes, beliefs, and practices about epilepsy, a validated Stigma Scale of Epilepsy (SSE) and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-10 (QOLIE-10). Results: Two hundred sixteen subjects were involved in the program. Only 133 (61.6%) subjects completed the questionnaires a month after the educational program. A significant improvement was recorded in knowledge, attitudes, and practices toward epilepsy, and a significant reduction was found in the mean SSE total score (38.3 ± 14.7 vs. 28.5 ± 12.3; p < 0.01), reflecting a reduction of stigma levels. Regarding the quality of life, after the training, PWE stated to experience less depression, memory difficulties, work or social issues, and seizure worry. Conclusion: Our study confirms that continuous educational campaigns can lead to a significant change in the social perception and attitudes toward epilepsy. ER  - 
Psychological trauma, somatization, dissociation, and psychiatric comorbidities in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures compared with those in patients with intractable partial epilepsy$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to compare patients with intractable epilepsy with patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) on the presence of psychological traumas, clinical factors, and psychological measures of somatization and dissociation. Background: Several studies have reported a high prevalence of psychological trauma in patients with PNES, while less have examined the prevalence of psychological trauma in patients with epilepsy and compared both groups. Reports have been somewhat divergent with some describing significantly higher prevalence in physical abuse, others, in emotional abuse/neglect, and others, in sexual abuse in patients with PNES compared with those in patients with epilepsy. Methods: This is a retrospective study of 96 patients (61 women, 35 men) with intractable epilepsy (2009 to 2017) and 161 patients (107 women, 54 men) with PNES (2008 to 2018). Demographic and clinical (psychological trauma, depression, anxiety, seizure frequency, and number of antiepileptic drugs) data were collected. The Trauma Symptom Inventory II and the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory 2RF were administered. Results: Patients with PNES differed significantly from those with intractable epilepsy on sexual trauma (χ2 (5df, N = 257) = 9.787, p <.002) and “other” trauma (χ2 (5df, N = 257) = 17.9076, p <.000). On psychological measures, there was a significant difference on Somatization scores in patients with PNES (M = 59.63, SD = 11.47) and patients with intractable epilepsy (M = 53.98, SD = 11.31); t(173) = 2.8396, p =.0051, but no difference was noted on a measure of Dissociation. Subsequent principal components analysis revealed that the first 3 principal components (sexual, physical, and other trauma) explained 74.19% of the variability, and that one principal component (dissociation, somatization, demoralization) explained 61.57% of the variability. However, after adjusting for the effects of covariates, only the presence of trauma discriminated between epilepsy and PNES. Conclusions: Patients with PNES diagnoses differed from those with epilepsy on a Somatization scale but not on Dissociation or Intrusive Experiences and exhibited significantly higher rates of sexual and “other” trauma compared with those with intractable epilepsy. However, subsequent analyses revealed that a history of psychological trauma was the only condition found to discriminate between patients with PNES and those with epilepsy. These findings suggest that during initial workup and diagnosis, when patients report a history of psychological trauma (sexual or otherwise) a psychogenic nonepileptic etiology should be strongly considered in the differential diagnosis. ER  - 
Cortisol and trait anxiety as relevant factors involved in memory performance in people with drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ People with drug-resistant epilepsy are exposed to unpredictable and uncontrollable seizures, which can be considered as a chronic stress condition. Additionally, these patients present memory deficits and a high prevalence of depression and anxiety. Cortisol, the main stress hormone, has a modulatory role on memory in healthy individuals and patients with emotional disorders, but its role in memory and emotional processes remains unclear in people with epilepsy. This study analyzes the differences in cortisol levels in people with epilepsy with high and low memory performance, and the relationships among cortisol levels, epilepsy-related factors, memory, anxiety, and depression. Fifty-two adults with drug-resistant epilepsy underwent a neuropsychological evaluation, in which nine saliva samples were collected to analyze the ability of the hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis to descend in accordance with the circadian rhythm. Cortisol area under the curve (AUC) was computed to study the global cortisol changes. Patients with low immediate and delayed memory performance and left-hemisphere focus showed higher cortisol levels. Additionally, patients with low memory scores had higher cortisol AUC, and therefore slower declining levels in the afternoon. Memory performance was negatively related to the cortisol AUC and trait anxiety, being both reliable predictors of memory performance, especially in patients with left-hemisphere focus. These results suggest that memory deficits in people with drug-resistant epilepsy may be influenced by exposure to cortisol derived from chronic stress. Additionally, trait anxiety could contribute to increasing the vulnerability to stress. ER  - 
Nine-year Prospective Safety and Effectiveness Outcomes from the Long-Term Treatment Trial of the RNS® System$$$ Rationale: This study reports the complete follow up experience of 33 epilepsy centers who participated in a 7 year prospective open-label long-term treatment (LTT) study of the RNS® System (NeuroPace, Inc.), following a 2 year randomized, double-blinded controlled pivotal study, or a prior 2 year feasibility study. Methods: 256 adults with medically intractable focal onset seizures localized to 1 or 2 seizure foci were treated in the pivotal (N=191) or feasibility (N=65) studies and 230 transitioned into the LTT study. Efficacy assessments included median % change in seizure frequency. Safety was assessed by reporting of adverse events. Results: The mean age was 34.0 years, mean epilepsy duration was 19.6 years, mean number of AEDs was 2.9, and median seizure frequency was 10.2 seizures/month. Follow-up was 9 years with 1895 patient implant years. The median % reduction reached 75% at the end of year 9 (n=168). In addition, 30% of subjects experienced ≥ one period of ≥ 6-months without seizures and 19% experienced ≥12 months without seizures. A LOCF analysis showed a median % reduction of 67.2% (IQR: 23 to 94.5%) with 33% of patients having a 90% or greater reduction in seizures in their most recent 3 months. The risk for infection was 3.7% per procedure, and all but one infection was soft tissue only. There were 16 deaths; 2 due to suicide, 1 each due to status epilepticus, herpes encephalitis, sepsis, lung/colon cancer, and lymphoma, and 4 due to definite SUDEP, 2 due to probable SUDEP, and 3 due to possible SUDEP. Conclusions: Patients treated with the RNS System experienced sustained reductions in seizures, with a third of patients having a 90% or greater reduction in their seizures during their last 3 months. The study supports the long-term effectiveness and safety of treatment of medically intractable focal seizures with closed-loop brain responsive neurostimulation. Keywords: brain-responsive; closed-loop; partial onset; epilepsy ER  - 
Magnitude of Reduction & Speed of Remission of Suicidality for Low AmPlitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST) Compared to Standard Right Unilateral ECT$$$ Background: ECT is the gold standard treatment for acute suicidality and treatment resistant-depression, but concerns over cognitive side effects limit broader usage for this effective treatment. Low AmPlitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST) seeks to limit cognitive side effects while maintaining similar efficacy compared to standard ECT. A proof of concept LAP-ST clinical trial by Youssef et al. (2017) has shown significantly better cognitive profile of LAP-ST compared to standard Ultra-Brief Right Unilateral (UB RUL) ECT. However, the effectiveness of LAP-ST in treating suicidality is unknown. The objectives of this analysis were to: 1) Examine the safety of LAP-ST compared to RUL ECT, and 2) Compare the reduction and remission of suicidality between the two treatment groups. Methods: Patients clinically indicated to undergo ECT, for a major depressive episode were randomized to either LAP-ST or RUL ECT. The main outcome measure was the suicidal ideation item on the Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), which was analyzed using an independent sample t-test. Remission of suicidality was defined as 2 or below on the suicidality item (0 to 6 score). Results: 10 patients were included in this safety analysis. In both groups, suicidality remitted by session 3 on average and remission occurred for all patients by session 4. There was also no significantly different reduction in the suicidality item change score between the LAP-ST (mean=5.0, SD=1.0) and the standard RUL ECT group (mean=3.0, SD=1.0) (t (4) =-2.45, p = 0.07). Conclusion: Overall, LAP-ST appears to be safe and effective in terms of having fast remission of suicidality, with comparable magnitude of remission of suicidality to RUL ECT. Reference: Youssef NA, Sidhom E. Feasibility, Safety, and Preliminary Efficacy of Low Pulse Amplitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST): A Proof of Concept Clinical Trial in Man. Journal of Affective Disorders. 2017 Nov; 222:1-6. PubMed PMID: 28667887. Keywords: Electroconvulsive therapy, Low Amplitude Seizure Therapy, Depression, bipolar disorder ER  - 
Proceedings #19: Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation over Prefrontal Cortex for Decision Making During Approach Avoidance Conflict$$$ Increased activity in right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) may contribute to anxiety-related symptoms and has been discussed as a neurobehavioral target of anxiolytic treatments aiming to decrease avoidance behavior. Previously, we have shown that for individuals with high anxiety sensitivity excitatory right (but not left or sham) dlPFC transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) elicited measurable decreases in approach behavior during conflict. Here we used inhibitory tDCS over right dlPFC with concurrent excitation of left dlPFC to examine the consequences of this type of neuromodulation for approach-avoidance conflict decision-making. The results did not support our predictions, suggesting a possible asymmetry between anodal and cathodal stimulation for the modulation of anxiety-related symptomatology. 2 Introduction: Approach-avoidance conflict is experienced in situations associated with both rewarding and threatening outcomes [1,2]. Examining the neurocognitive bases of approach-avoidance conflict decision-making can have important consequences for the conceptualization and treatment of anxiety disorders, which typically entail avoidance of short-term emotional discomfort, even at the cost of substantial long-term rewards [1]. Circumstances characterized by approach-avoidance conflict introduce certain challenges for decision-making because optimal behavior requires the integration of information regarding the value of potential rewards and cost of potential punishments, as well as the likelihood and magnitude of each outcome and its importance for the integrity of the individual. Much of the research on approach-avoidance learning and emotional regulation has focused the involvement of fronto- striatal and amygdala circuits [3,4]. However, much less work has focused on the neural mechanisms underlying the process of decision making during conflict. The approach-avoidance conflict (AAC) task was developed to assess approach- avoidance conflict decision-making. Approach behavior during this task has been linked to self-reported anxiety sensitivity and has been associated with anterior cingulate, insula, caudate, and right dlPFC activity, with right lateral PFC tracking the extent of approach behavior [1,2,5]. In our past research [6] we have shown that for individuals with high anxiety sensitivity excitatory right (but not left or sham) dlPFC stimulation elicited measurable decreases in approach behavior during conflict. Excitatory left (but not right or sham) dlPFC stimulation improved performance on the control short- term memory task (Forward Digit Span). Guided by these results, here we used cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to examine the consequences of inhibition of right dlPFC in conjunction with excitation of left dlPFC in approach-avoidance conflict decision-making. We hypothesized that inhibition of the right dlPFC with concurrent excitation of the left dlPFC would increase approach behavior during conflict, relative to the reverse montage or sham stimulation. Additionally, we predicted that this effect would be more pronounced for high anxiety sensitivity than low anxiety sensitivity participants. 3 Methods: Participants: Fifty (N = 50) college students (mean age = 19.46 years, 66% male, 78% Caucasian) participated in the study for class credit, after providing written informed consent. Participants were excluded from the study if they reported left-handedness, current pregnancy, or a history of a mood disorder, seizure disorder, or head injury. The study was approved by the local Review Board. Materials: Aside from demographic and eligibility information, we further collected measures of anxiety sensitivity (the Anxiety Sensitivity Index, ASI), measures of behavioral approach and inhibition (the Behavioral Inhibition System-Behavioral Approach System, BIS- BAS), and measures of state positive and negative affect (Positive and Negative Affect Schedule, PANAS). Our main experimental measure was the AAC task and the forward digit span (FDS) served as our control task (see [6] for details on all measures). Design and Procedure: Participants were randomly assigned to one of three conditions: (a) cathodal stimulation over the right dlPFC with anodal stimulation of the left dlPFC (n = 18; 72% males), or (b) cathodal stimulation over the left dlPFC with anodal stimulation of the right dlPFC (n = 16; 50% males), or (c) sham stimulation (n = 16; 75% males), which were blind to the participant. Prior to stimulation, participants completed a screening questionnaire to ensure they were eligible (see above criteria) and females were also administered a pregnancy test. If eligible, participants completed the PANAS, and then were given three practice trials of the AAC task to ensure full understanding of the task. After the practice task, tDCS stimulation was initiated. TDCS was administered through two 5 cm × 5 cm electrodes covered in saline solution-soaked sponges (3ml of saline per side). The site of stimulation was determined through a BraiNet 10/20 placement cap (see biomedical.com) and was noted with a marker on the participant's scalp. Guided by past neuroimaging results [5], the electrodes were placed over areas F4 or F3 on the 10/20 system for stimulation of the right or left dlPFC respectively [7]. TDCS stimulation was applied using a DC-Stimulator for tDCS (NeuroConn, GmbH, http://www.neuroconn.de/dc-stimulator_en/) at 1.5mA for a maximum of 20 minutes (including 10 seconds ramp-up and 10 seconds ramp-down time). These parameters are within safety limits established from prior work in humans. During the two stimulation conditions, stimulation started for 180 seconds prior to the initiation of the AAC or FDS task to ensure maximum excitability changes following tDCS. During the sham condition stimulation began but unbeknownst to the participants was terminated after 90s. The placement of the anode for the sham condition (either over F3 or over F4) and the order of the behavioral tasks (i.e., FDS or AAC) were counterbalanced across participants. Both tasks were completed concurrently with stimulation. Upon completion of these tasks, participants were administered the PANAS, followed by the remaining self-report questionnaires. Data Preparation: For the FDS control task we calculated the total number of correct responses (out of a possible 16). For the AAC task, we first calculated the mean approach behavior (range = -4 [all the way away from reward points] to 4 [all the way towards the reward points]) across the 2-point, 4-point, and 6-point conflict trials, with higher scores indicating higher approach behavior. Approach behavior contingent upon reward points was calculated through the following equation: (6-point mean approach score – 4-point mean approach score) + (4-point mean approach score – 2-point mean approach score). Higher scores on this measure indicate that conflict behavior was more influenced by the level of reward points offered. Analyses of variance were used to examine differences between stimulation conditions in regards to self-report measures and affect change (post-pre AAC task), and FDS performance. For the AAC task, we hypothesized that any potential effects of stimulation would be more prominent for high- relative to low-anxiety individuals. Accordingly, we divided participants across conditions into high- and low-anxiety based on the median score on the ASI. Analyses of variance were then used to examine main interaction effects of stimulation condition and ASI group on AAC task behavior (approach behavior). Results were considered significant at p <.05. We used Tukey's Honestly Significant Difference (HSD) tests for all post hoc comparisons. [Figure presented] 3 Results: There were no effects of task order, thus data were combined across order conditions. There were no a priori differences on the individual differences measures among stimulation conditions and no significant differences among stimulation conditions in terms of positive or negative affect change (measured through the PANAS) following the AAC task (all ps >.05). Stimulation condition did not influence performance on the FDS control task (F[2, 47] = 1.05, p =.36, η 2 =.04). Similarly, there was no significant interaction between stimulation condition and anxiety sensitivity status as measured by the ASI (F[5, 44] = 0.48, p =.95, η 2 =.002). Overall, stimulation condition did not alter performance on the AAC task in this study (see Figure 1). 4 Discussion and Conclusion: Increased activity in right dlPFC may contribute to anxiety- related symptoms and has been discussed as a neurobehavioral target of anxiolytic treatments aiming to decrease avoidance behavior. The aim of this study was to examine whether inhibitory tDCS over right dlPFC with concurrent excitation of left dlPFC would facilitate approach-avoidance conflict decision-making, especially for participants high in anxiety sensitivity. Analyses of variance did not reveal a significant effect of stimulation among conditions regardless of anxiety sensitivity status. Contrary to our predictions that were guided by our past findings using anodal stimulation, cathodal stimulation did not elicit measurable increases in approach behavior during conflict. These results support a possible asymmetry between anodal and cathodal stimulation for the modulation of anxiety-related symptomatology, and thereby a likely asymmetry in the contributions of right and left dlPFC to approach-avoidance conflict resolution during emotional decision-making. The authors declare no conflicts of interest. Dr. Chrysikou receives funding from the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation under Award Number 23980 and Dr. Aupperle receives funding from the National Institute of Mental Health under Award Number K23MH108707. References: [1] Aupperle R, Paulus M. Neural systems underlying approach and avoidance in anxiety disorders. Dialogues Clin Neurosci 2010;12:517–31. doi:D - NLM: PMC3181993 EDAT- 2011/02/16 06:00 MHDA- 2011/03/09 06:00 CRDT- 2011/02/16 06:00 PST - ppublish. [2] Aupperle RL, Sullivan S, Melrose AJ, Paulus MP, Stein MB. A reverse translational approach to quantify approach- avoidance conflict in humans. Behav Brain Res 2011;225:455–63. doi:10.1016/j.bbr.2011.08.003. [3] Spielberg JM, Miller GA, Warren SL, Engels AS, Crocker LD, Banich MT, et al. A brain network instantiating approach and avoidance motivation. Psychophysiology 2012. doi:10.1111/j.1469-8986.2012.01443.x. [4] Spielberg JM, Heller W, Miller GA. Hierarchical Brain Networks Active in Approach and Avoidance Goal Pursuit. Front Hum Neurosci 2013. doi:10.3389/fnhum.2013.00284. [5] Aupperle RL, Melrose AJ, Francisco A, Paulus MP, Stein MB. Neural substrates of approach-avoidance conflict decision-making. Hum Brain Mapp 2015;36:449–62. doi:10.1002/hbm.22639. [6] Chrysikou EG, Gorey C, Aupperle RL. Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex alters decision making during approach-avoidance conflict. Soc Cogn Affect Neurosci 2017;12:468–75. doi:10.1093/scan/nsw140. [7] DaSilva AF, Volz MS, Bikson M, Fregni F. Electrode Positioning and Montage in Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation. J Vis Exp 2011. doi:10.3791/2744. ER  - 
Proceedings #9: Immersive Virtual Reality Rehabilitation for Patients with Multiple Sclerosis$$$ Introduction: Virtual reality (VR) can be used to manage symptomatic burden in people with neurological disorders. VR treatment can be both distracting and immersive and can effectively reorient subjective attention. People with multiple sclerosis (MS) can experience a high symptomatic burden and present with comorbidities that can be managed by VR treatment. This study investigates whether VR rehabilitation can be feasible and efficacious for people with MS. Methods: People with MS were recruited to complete 8 weekly VR sessions using the HTC Vive Pro VR System. Participants completed one of two treatment schedules: Schedule A which consisted of interactive VR exercises and Schedule B which consisted of passively viewed 360° videos. Participant completed self-report measures before and after each treatment session. Results: Four participants have been enrolled in the study to date with two participants assigned to each treatment schedule. A single participant experience motion sickness during Schedule B's 360° videos and was stopped during that treatment session but remains in the study and interested in future treatments. All other participants tolerated the stimulation well with no adverse events. All participants experienced improved affect following the VR treatment. Conclusions: VR treatment is feasible for MS patients and leads to enhanced affect and mood. 2 Introduction: Virtual reality (VR) is an emerging technology that presents tremendous opportunities for the modulation of a person's perceptive input. For decades, VR has been presented as the future of technological interface but had remained largely impractical. Recent advances in computer processing and engineering have yielded commercially available VR headsets that are relatively inexpensive, highly immersive, and capable of running on medium to high end personal computers. VR has been shown to be efficacious in distracting post-surgical and burn patients from pain they may experience through the use of interactive virtual environments. One of the initial studies that investigated the analgesic effect of VR utilized VR software titled “SnowWorld”, where users interact with penguins in a snowy environment, and led to a reduction of perceived pain in a cohort of pediatric burn patients. The theory of limited conscious attention helps to explain why such a distraction is beneficial to perceived pain; humans have a limited amount of attention that can be attributed to any given stimulus and by consuming as much of the attention as possible with VR, the self-appraisal of pain is thereby limited. In sum, VR is a potentially powerful tool for distraction from physical and emotional trauma. Beyond distraction, VR can be used to reorient one's sense of subjective presence or the feeling of actually residing in an environment. The ability to look in 360° establishes a convincing illusion of reality and one's presence in the illusion can be further magnified when one can interact with the virtual environment with the use of their hands or body. A fully immersive experience can fundamentally alter one's perception and mindset and can even affect one's physiological state. People with multiple sclerosis (MS) experience significant symptomatic burden, often including chronic pain, fatigue, and depressed mood. Those with MS stand to gain from such a treatment, as reduction of perceived symptoms can lead to enhancements of quality of life. To determine whether patients with multiple sclerosis can tolerate and benefit from immersive VR, we have initiated a study at NYU Langone Health's Department of Neurology. Here, we present the study design and initial results. 3 Methods: This study is currently ongoing and all procedures have been approved by NYULH's institutional review board. All participants have provided informed consent. Eligibility criteria included a diagnosed neurological disorder and no current or uncontrolled epilepsy, vertigo, mood disorders, psychosis, or schizophrenia. Patients diagnosed with MS were recruited to complete eight sessions of guided VR over eight weeks (one session per week). Participants were assigned to either complete interactive VR exercises in which they used handheld controllers and the headset to interact with a virtual setting (schedule A) or to passively watch 360° videos (schedule B). Both schedules were experienced through use of the HTC Vive Pro VR system. Schedule A utilized Virtual Embodiment Training™ software by Karuna Labs, Inc. which emphasizes reduction of physical symptoms through instructed rehabilitation exercises. For example, one such exercise instructs participants to operate a ballista and fire it at targets that appear nearby the participant. As participants perform the task, they must rotate toward their left or right while the program assesses the range of motion exhibited by the participant to determine how far the target will be placed. The exercises were conducted in VR for 30 minutes with a final five minutes of passive, guided meditation at the close of each session. [Figure presented] Schedule B consisted of passively viewed 360° videos for 30 minutes each session. No video was repeated to any participant over the course of the study. Similar to schedule A, each session of schedule B also closed out with an additional five minutes of passive, guided meditation. It should be noted that both Schedule A and B may benefit patients with neurological disorders equally as the literature suggests that either schedule will lead to symptomatic benefit. However, we expect that schedule A will lead to a higher subjective presence in the virtual environment due to the interactive nature of the schedule, and therefore greater symptom reduction. Participants completed a battery of self-report questionnaires and cognitive measures at baseline and treatment end visits and a small set of measures pre- and post- session over the course of the study. Of relevance, participants completed a measure of positive and negative affect (Positive and Negative Affect Schedule or PANAS) before and after each treatment session. 4 Results: To date, n=4 participants have been recruited to the study and n=2 participants have been assigned to schedule A while n=2 participants have been assigned to schedule B. The VR treatment has been well-tolerated in n=3 participants while a single participant experienced motion sickness and was subsequently discontinued from that treatment session (but remains interested in returning for additional treatments). While no participant has completed the entirety of their eight week schedule yet, changes in pre- and post-session PANAS data is available and can provide signals of the acute effects of the VR treatment. Effect size analysis shows that participants immediately felt an increase in their positive affect (PA, Cohen's d = 0.27) and a large decrease in their negative affect (NA, Cohen's d =1.95) following VR. Participants in Schedule A (which consisted of the interactive virtual exercises) particularly experienced a larger improvement in positive affect than those in schedule B (which consisted of the passive 360° videos). [Figure presented] 5 Discussion and Conclusion: A small cohort of participants with MS completed VR treatments with only a single instance of an adverse event that quickly resolved following removal of the VR headset. Additionally, affect improvements were observed in all 4 participants after VR treatment, with the strongest improvements in those that completed the VR exercises that involved interaction with the virtual environment. All participants indicated satisfaction with the treatment and a desire to continue. Importantly, all participants were highly immersed in their treatment and often remarked so following the treatment. As previously described, immersion is essential to an effective VR treatment session. In the future, we hope to incorporate objective measures of immersion such as eye tracking that may provide insight into processing and engagement of the participant. A scalable and quantifiable objective measure of immersion may reveal which VR techniques and software promote the greatest level of symptomatic benefit. While our findings are limited by a small cohort of participants that have completed a single VR treatment session, the initial signals of efficacy and tolerability are promising. This study remains active and will continue to recruit participants in hopes of collecting pilot data that could be used for power calculations in future clinical trials. References: [1] Hoffman, H.G., et al. Effectiveness of virtual reality-based pain control with multiple treatments. Clin J Pain; 2001; 17(3): p. 229-35. [2] Schmitt, YS., et al. A randomized, controlled trial of immersive virtual reality analgesia, during physical therapy for pediatric burns. Burns: journal of the International Society for Burn Injuries; 2011; 37:61-8. ER  - 
Open Trial of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Youth with Treatment-Resistant Major Depression$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is common in youth and treatment options are limited. We evaluated the effectiveness and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in adolescents and transitional aged youth with treatment-resistant MDD. Methods: Thirty-two outpatients with moderate to severe, treatment-resistant MDD, aged 13 – 21 years underwent a three-week, open-label, single center trial of rTMS. rTMS was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using neuronavigation and administered for 15 consecutive weekdays (120% rest motor threshold; 40 pulses over 4 seconds [10 Hz]; inter-train interval, 26 seconds; 75 trains; 3000 pulses). The primary outcome measure was change in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (Ham-D). Treatment response was defined as a greater than 50% reduction in Ham-D scores. Safety and tolerability were also examined. Results: rTMS was effective in reducing MDD symptom severity (t = 8.94, df = 31, p < 0.00001). We observed 18 (56%) responders (greater than 50% reduction in Ham-D score) and 14 non-responders to rTMS. Fourteen subjects (44%) achieved remission (Ham-D score ≤ 7 post-rTMS). There were no serious adverse events (i.e. seizures). Mild to moderate, self-limiting headaches (19%) and mild neck pain (16%) were reported. Participants ranked rTMS as highly tolerable. The retention rate was 91% and compliance rate (completing all study events) was 99%. Conclusions: Our single center, open trial suggests that rTMS is a safe and effective treatment for youth with treatment-resistant MDD. Larger randomized controlled trials are needed. Keywords: adolescent, depression, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, transcranial magnetic stimulation ER  - 
Recent developments in non-invasive brain stimulation for adolescents with major depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: This presentation will survey existing, recent, and ongoing studies of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for adolescents with depression. Methods: Dr. Paul Croarkin will review recent efforts focused on non-invasive brain stimulation research in adolescent depression. The presentation will highlight the existing evidence base, recent data, research design challenges, and ethical considerations. Results: Numerous open-label studies suggest that 10 Hz rTMS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is an effective approach for adolescents with moderate to severe depression. A multicenter, randomized controlled trial of 10 Hz rTMS will provide the largest data set to date for adolescents with depression. Another federally funded study is currently recruiting and will compare the clinical effects of 1 Hz vs. 10 Hz rTMS for adolescents with depression. This study also provides an opportunity to further develop tonic and phasic glutamatergic and GABAergic biomarkers at the bench and bedside. Recent, related murine work with varying intensities of rTMS suggests variable neurobiological effects to inform study designs. Other recent data also suggest that suicidality may improve in adolescents undergoing treatment 10 Hz rTMS. Targeting suicidality in future study designs may present opportunities to examine the neurobiology of suicidality across development while concurrently addressing inherent research design challenges in working with adolescents. There are minimal data focused on the use of tDCS for adolescent depression. An ongoing protocol examining the effects of tDCS for adolescents with epilepsy and comorbid depression will be reviewed. Discussion: Future efforts with rTMS could provide a valuable therapeutic tool for depression in adolescents. While limited at present, systematic work with tDCS is important in determining clinical effects as tDCS could have pragmatic advantages. Study focused on the related neurobiology and ethics of these modalities in youth must remain at the forefront of these efforts. Keywords: Depression, Adolescent, TMS, tDCS ER  - 
Preictal autonomic dynamics in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objectives: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) resemble seizures but are psychological in origin. The etiology of PNES remains poorly understood, yet several theories argue for the importance of autonomic dysregulation in its pathophysiology. We therefore conducted a retrospective study to investigate autonomic dynamics leading up to a seizure to inform their mechanistic relevance. Methods: One hundred one patients with PNES and 45 patients with epileptic seizure (ES) were analyzed for preictal heart rate (HR) and respiratory rate (RR) at baseline and at minute intervals from 5 min to onset. Results: Patients with PNES showed rising HR (p < 0.001, repeated-measures analysis of variance (ANOVA)) and rising RR (p = 0.012, repeated-measures ANOVA) from baseline to the onset of their seizures. Patients with ES did not exhibit significant preictal HR or RR increase. Patients with PNES had nonsignificantly higher preictal HR and RR than patients with ES. Significance: Patients with PNES exhibit increasing autonomic arousal prior to seizure events unlike patients with epilepsy. This may reflect increasing levels of preictal anxiety, and future studies could study patients' subjective experiences of the preictal period, and more definitive measures of ventilation to see if this supported a model of PNES as “panic without panic”. ER  - 
Public awareness, knowledge, and attitudes regarding epilepsy in the Qassim region, Saudi Arabia$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy is a chronic condition and has significant negative consequences to quality of life. Misconceptions regarding epilepsy among communities with lower rates of education have led to false beliefs and ideas. This study aimed to evaluate the awareness, knowledge, and attitudes about epilepsy in Saudi population at Qassim region, Saudi Arabia. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted using a previously validated 14-item questionnaire. The data were collected online via WhatsApp application. The Saudi adult population (18 years and older) within Qassim region was sampled for the present study. Results: A total of 403 respondents completed the survey and the majority (68.8%) were less than 30 years old. Nearly all participants (97.0%) had heard of epilepsy or convulsive seizures; 43.5% knew a person with the disease; and 48.4% had seen a person having a seizure. Participants cited brain disorders (68.1%) as the most common cause of epilepsy, followed by mental disorders (61.9%) then hereditary diseases (48.8%). Only 5.6% would protest against their children associating with a person who occasionally experiences seizures, and a similarly small percentage (7.9%) would do so if their son or daughter decided to marry such a person. Conclusion: The public's general attitudes and awareness of epilepsy were quite good; however, knowledge regarding this medical condition is still inadequate. Thus, more campaigns are needed in order to increase societal awareness on epilepsy, obtaining help from governmental agencies, health institutions, mass media, and other health-related organizations. ER  - 
Concomitant psychiatric symptoms in neurological outpatients$$$ To estimate the prevalence of concomitant psychiatric disorders in neurological outpatients and to assess the value of simple screening questionnaires in the identification of psychiatric symptoms, we analyzed a total of 803 patients who visited neurology clinics with neurological symptoms over a six-month period. Using self-reported questionnaires, we assessed psychiatric symptoms, such as stress (Perceived Stress Scale, PSS), depression (Patient Health Question 9, PHQ9), and anxiety (Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7, GAD7). According to the disease subtypes, we analyzed the psychiatric scales based on gender and age group. The prevalence of psychiatric comorbidities was lowest in patients with cerebrovascular disease (CVD) and highest among patients with cognitive decline and epilepsy. The overall prevalence of psychiatric symptoms markedly decreased with age. This decline was statistically significant for all questionnaires (PSS ≥ 14, p for trend = 0.027; PQH9 ≥ 10, p for trend = 0.005; GAD7 ≥ 10, p for trend = 0.002) and was more pronounced in males. Considering the high incidence of undetected psychiatric comorbidities and their associated burden, proactive psychiatric management should be included in neurological care. Psychiatric questionnaires could also be an effective screening tool for identifying psychiatric symptoms accompanying neurological symptoms. ER  - 
Ictal electroencephalographic findings in children with migraine headache$$$ Objectives In this study, the EEG findings in children with migraine headache were assessed in Bahrami Hospital, Tehran, Iran from 2014 to 2016. Materials & Methods In this observational cross-sectional study, 71 consecutive children with migraine headache were enrolled. The EEG findings were determined and compared with other variables. Results There were 25 cases (35.2%) with abnormal EEG and the type of EEG abnormality comprised slow waves and sharp waves in 19(68%) and 8(32%) patients, respectively Conclusion Nearly one-third of children with migraine might have abnormal EEG. ER  - 
Factors associated with autism in Saudi Arabia: A case-control study$$$ Background: The incidence of autism increasing in the last decades. Objective: This study was designed to evaluate the factors associated with autism among children in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Methodology: In this case-control study, 185 autistic children were recruited from 31 autism institutes, and matched with 353 non-autistic children randomly selected from 10 PHC centers. The autistic children parents filled a validated questionnaire. Results: Parents of first-degree relative were associated with risk to have an autistic child (P <0.001). History of autism among other siblings was associated with statistically significant increased risk of autism up to 16 times (P< 0.001). History of learning disabilities among siblings showed a significant 4.8 fold increased risk if a brother or sister is a case of autism, (P < 0.001). Conclusion: The risk of autism was associated with the first-degree consanguinity of the parents and when there was a history of autism, learning disability, and epilepsy among siblings. ER  - 
Clinical and EEG Characteristics of Ifosfamide-Related Encephalopathy$$$ Purpose: Ifosfamide can lead to a syndrome of central nervous system toxicity. Here, we investigate the clinical and EEG characteristics of patients with ifosfamide-related encephalopathy. Methods: Retrospective data were collected on patients from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, who developed encephalopathy associated with ifosfamide between 2007 and 2017. Patients who had an EEG performed were included. Clinical and laboratory data were retrospectively collected. Each EEG recording was reviewed and compared with the originally documented EEG report. Results: Sixteen patients with ifosfamide-related encephalopathy were included, with primary tumors consisting of lymphoma (N = 9), sarcoma (N = 4), poorly differentiated ovarian cancer (N = 1), neuroblastoma (N = 1), and papillary serous adenocarcinoma (N = 1). Laboratory results ruled out other etiologies of encephalopathy. Generalized periodic discharges with or without triphasic morphology were seen most commonly (N = 9), with a distinct pattern of interspersed intermittent background attenuation seen in five patients. Background slowing and intermittent rhythmic delta activity (N = 4), bursts of bilateral synchronized delta activity (N = 2), and frontal predominant intermittent delta activity (N = 1) were also seen. One patient demonstrated a pattern consistent with nonconvulsive status epilepticus. Although most patients experienced resolution of symptoms, those who died demonstrated a variety of EEG abnormalities. Abnormal movements were common, with six patients demonstrating characteristic orofacial myoclonus. Conclusions: Ifosfamide-related encephalopathy commonly results in a distinct pattern of generalized periodic discharges admixed with intermittent background attenuation on EEG. Abnormal movements, in particular orofacial myoclonus, are also common. Recognizing these clinical and EEG features might lead to early detection of ifosfamide-related encephalopathy. ER  - 
The Diagnostic Utility of Ambulatory EEG following Nondiagnostic Epilepsy Monitoring Unit Admissions$$$ Purpose: Epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) admissions provide a definitive diagnosis for approximately three-quarters of patients. However, many patients do not receive a definitive diagnosis following EMU admission. Ambulatory EEG following nondiagnostic EMU admissions was evaluated as a means of providing a diagnosis for these patients. Methods: In this retrospective study, we performed a chart review of 62 pediatric and adult patients who had a 72-hour ambulatory EEG following a nondiagnostic EMU admission. Results: In total, there were 62 patients with nondiagnostic EMU admissions who subsequently underwent ambulatory EEG. Mean age was 33.8 (SD, 18.5) years. Forty-one patients (66.2%) were female and 46 (74.2%) adult. Fifty patients (80.7%) had an additional comorbid neurologic, somatoform, or psychiatric diagnoses. Of the original 62 patients, 32 (51.6%) had no events, 3 (4.8%) had events with and without EEG changes, 4 (6.5%) had only events with EEG changes, and 23 (37.1%) had only events without EEG changes. Ambulatory EEG thus provided clinically useful information in 30 (48.4%) cases, with 20 (66.7%) reaching diagnosis within 24 hours. Conclusions: Ambulatory EEG following a nondiagnostic EMU admission may yield positive results in approximately half of all patients. A substantial proportion of the events that were captured in this setting were without EEG changes. In the absence of video and supportive clinical information, these events not only may represent nonepileptic events but also could represent focal seizures without EEG changes. The presence of particular stressors in the home environment may explain why many patients, specifically those who are nonepileptic, had events relatively quickly following discharge. ER  - 
Cognitive impairment in patients with dual pathology$$$ Introduction: Chronic use of psychoactive substances has been associated with various cognitive impairments. Also, it has been described that an associated cognitive impairment is one of the long-term consequences of having a mental illness. The coexistence of an addiction with at least one other mental illness is quite frequent. Little has been published about cognitive impairments in dual diagnosis patients in Colombia. Methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study with primary data was carried out in 31 patients with a dual diagnosis who were admitted to the Centro de Atención de Patología Dual (Dual Diagnosis Care Center) of the Clínica del Oriente between June and December 2017. The psychiatric diagnostic criteria of DSM-IV-TR and neuropsychological tests were used. Results: It was found that 90.9% of the patients had alterations in the medial orbital cortex; 54.5% in the anterior prefrontal cortex; and 45.5% in the dorsolateral cortex; 72.7% had alterations in sustained attention; 59.1% in alternating attention; and 81.8% in executive functions. Conclusions: 100% of patients with dual pathology suffer from cognitive impairments, which pose significant challenges in their rehabilitation process. For this reason, the inclusion of neuropsychological therapies should be considered in addition to comprehensive management. ER  - 
Potential use of leukocytosis and anion gap elevation in differentiating psychogenic nonepileptic seizures from epileptic seizures$$$ Epileptic seizures (ES) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) can be difficult to differentiate from each other in the emergency department (ED) setting. We have previously shown that the anion gap (AG) can help differentiate between ES and PNES in the ED. In this study, we explored whether additionally considering leukocytosis can help better differentiate between ES and PNES. We screened a total of 1354 subjects seen in the ED of a tertiary care medical center; 27 PNES and 27 ES patients were identified based on clinical description and subsequent electroencephalography (EEG). Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to model the association between ES, leukocytosis, and AG. Our results indicated that within 9 hours after the index event, serum AG (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.07) and white blood cell (WBC) count (aOR 1.61) were both independently associated with ES. We derived an equation to help differentiate between ES and PNES: 1.5*AG+WBC. A score >24.8 indicated a >90% likelihood of ES. A score <15.5 indicated a <10% likelihood of ES (ie, the alternate diagnosis of PNES should be considered). This study for the first time provides evidence to help differentiate PNES and ES utilizing acidosis and leukocytosis. ER  - 
Biomarkers of oxidative stress as an assessment of the redox status of the liver in dogs$$$ Background: Oxidative stress is associated with a diverse group of liver disorders across species. Objectives: Determine whether glutathione (GSH) concentration in plasma and red blood cells correlates with liver GSH concentration in dogs and evaluate whether other markers of systemic oxidative stress, plasma vitamin E and urine 8-isoprostanes/creatinine (F2-IsoPs/Cr) concentrations, correlate with liver GSH. Animals: Thirty-four client-owned dogs undergoing clinically indicated liver biopsy and 15 healthy control dogs. Methods: Prospective, observational cross-sectional study. Urine and blood were collected before liver biopsy. Plasma, erythrocyte, and liver GSH were measured using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC); vitamin E was measured by HPLC, and F2-IsoPs/Cr was measured by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. Results: All dogs were treated at the discretion of the attending clinician (24/34 received antioxidants; 4/34 fed therapeutic liver diet), which included dogs with primary or secondary liver disease (inflammatory (n = 21), metabolic (n = 9), vascular (n = 2), and neoplastic (n = 2)). Median GSH concentrations in plasma, erythrocyte, and liver were 0.18 mg/dL (range 0.14 to 0.56 mg/dL), 56.7 mg/dL (18.3 to 79.2 mg/dL), and 181 mg/dL (39.9 to 527 mg/dL), respectively. No significant correlations were found between liver GSH and erythrocyte GSH, plasma GSH, vitamin E, or F2-IsoPs/Cr. Dogs undergoing clinically indicated liver biopsy had significantly higher urine F2-IsoPs/Cr than did healthy controls (5.89 vs 2.98 ng/mg; P <.0001). Conclusions and Clinical Importance: Erythrocyte and plasma GSH are not indicative of liver GSH concentration in dogs. In addition, dogs undergoing clinically indicated liver biopsy have evidence of increased systemic oxidative stress compared to healthy controls. ER  - 
Tramadol and the risk of seizure: Nested case-control study of US patients with employer-sponsored health benefits$$$ Objectives Tramadol is a widely prescribed analgesic that influences both opioid and monoamine neurotransmission. While seizures have been reported with its use, the risk in clinical practice has not been well characterised. We examined risk of seizure with tramadol relative to codeine, a comparable opioid analgesic. Design Retrospective nested case-control study. For each case, we identified up to 10 controls matched on age, sex, US state of residence and date of cohort entry (±365 days). We calculated ORs to determine the association between seizure and exposure to tramadol, codeine (≥15 mg), both or neither, in the preceding 30 days. Setting Cohort of patients, who had continuous health coverage and resided in the same state for≥3 years, identified from linked administrative health data in US MarketScan databases from 2009 to 2012. Participants We identified 96 753 patients with seizure and 888 540 matched controls. Primary and secondary outcome measures In the primary analysis, we defined cases using a broad definition of seizure (based on either an outpatient physician claim for seizure disorder or a seizure-related emergency department visit or hospitalisation). In a secondary analysis, we used a more specific definition of seizure restricted to a hospital visit with a principal diagnosis of seizure. Results In the primary analysis, we found no association between risk of seizure and exposure to tramadol compared with codeine (OR 1.03, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.15). However, in the secondary analysis (using a more specific definition of seizure), this association was statistically significant (OR 1.41, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.79). Conclusions Tramadol was not associated with an increased risk of seizure defined by inpatient and outpatient diagnoses. However, this finding was sensitive to the outcome definition used and requires further study. ER  - 
Lifestyle and comorbid conditions as risk factors for community-acquired pneumonia in outpatient adults (NEUMO-ES-RISK project)$$$ Introduction Information about community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) risk in primary care is limited. We assess different lifestyle and comorbid conditions as risk factors (RF) for CAP in adults in primary care. Methods A retrospective-observational-controlled study was designed. Adult CAP cases diagnosed at primary care in Spain between 2009 and 2013 were retrieved using the National Surveillance System of Primary Care Data (BiFAP). Age-matched and sex-matched controls were selected by incidence density sampling (ratio 2:1). Associations are presented as percentages and OR. Binomial regression models were constructed to avoid bias effects. Results 51 139 patients and 102 372 controls were compared. Mean age (SD) was 61.4 (19.9) years. RF more significantly linked to CAP were: HIV (OR [95% CI]: 5.21 [4.35 to 6.27]), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (2.97 [2.84 to 3.12]), asthma (2.16 [2.07,2.26]), smoking (1.96 [1.91 to 2.02]) and poor dental hygiene (1.45 [1.41 to 1.49]). Average prevalence of any RF was 82.2% in cases and 69.2% in controls (2.05 [2.00 to 2.10]). CAP rate increased with the accumulation of RF and age: risk associated with 1RF was 1.42 (1.37 to 1.47) in 18-60-year-old individuals vs 1.57 (1.49 to 1.66) in >60 years of age, with 2RF 1.88 (1.80 to 1.97) vs 2.35 (2.23, 2.48) and with ≥ 3 RF 3.11 (2.95, 3.30) vs 4.34 (4.13 to 4.57). Discussion Prevalence of RF in adult CAP in primary care is high. Main RFs associated are HIV, COPD, asthma, smoking and poor dental hygiene. Our risk stacking results could help clinicians identify patients at higher risk of pneumonia. ER  - 
Nightmare disorder and REM sleep behavior disorder in inflammatory arthritis: Possibility beyond neurodegeneration$$$ Objectives: To investigate the prevalence of REM sleep behavior disorder (RBD) in patients with inflammatory arthritis (IA) to ascertain if RBD could be an internal red flag signaling a fluctuating state of inflammation based on the theory of “protoconsciousness”. Materials & Methods: One hundred and three patients with a confirmed diagnosis of IA were consecutively recruited. The patients underwent general (IA activity, functional status, laboratory tests) and neurological evaluations. A neurologist investigated RBD and REM sleep parasomnias in a semi-structured interview. Sleep quality was assessed with the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, while the risk of obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) was evaluated with the Berlin questionnaire. Beck Depression Inventory II and State-Trait Anxiety Inventory investigated depression and anxiety. Results: Patients had a mean age of 53.7 ± 14.6 years, 65% were women; 57.3% were in a clinically active phase of IA. Two women fulfilled ICSD-3 criteria for RBD appearing 11 years after and 20 years before IA onset respectively. 31 patients scored positive for nightmare disorder (ND), 8 for recurrent isolated sleep paralysis. 65 (63.1%) patients reported poor sleep quality and 25 (24.3%) resulted at high risk for OSAS. 32 (31.0%) patients scored positively for depression or anxiety. Conclusions: The prevalence of RBD in patients with IA did not differ from that in the general population, whereas ND presented a 2-fold increased prevalence. Whether RBD can be considered a red flag signaling an internal danger remains an open question, while ND may be a new player in this intriguing relation. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study of different rheumatic diseases and their respective comorbidities at a tertiary care hospital in India$$$ Background: Rheumatic diseases have many outcomes, but less understood are many manifestations of additional health conditions that are associated with these diseases called co-morbidities. The more co-morbid illnesses one has, the greater the interference with medical management of rheumatic diseases. It is important to recognize such illnesses and to account for them in the care of the individual patient. There are few studies pertaining to different co-morbidities associated with rheumatic conditions. Therefore, this study was carried out to evaluate different rheumatic diseases and their frequency, associated co-morbid conditions and their variation based on age and body mass index (BMI). Methods: This cross sectional study was designed to survey 1000 consecutive patients who were diagnosed to have rheumatic diseases for co-morbidities at our institution. Patients of either gender with age ≥18 years were included. Data was collected regarding demographics detail, diagnosed disease and co-morbid condition. Analysis was done by IBM SPSS version 17.0 and R version 3.4, the association of rheumatic disease and co-morbidity with age and BMI was analyzed using Chi-square test. Results: We found that that rheumatic disease and co-morbidity increased significantly with age and body mass index (BMI) (P < 0.005). A substantial proportion of patients with rheumatic diseases (45%) were foud to have co-morbidities. The most common amongst them are hypertension, hypothyroidism and diabetes mellitus in descending order of frequency. Conclusion: C-morbidities which are amenable to therapeutic measures are common in individuals with rheumatic diseases. Early detection of such co-morbid condition is helpful should be an integral part of rheumatology patient care. ER  - 
Higher blood-brain barrier penetration of [14C]apalutamide and [14C]enzalutamide compared to [14C]darolutamide in rats using whole-body autoradiography$$$ Background: Darolutamide ([14C]Daro) is an investigational oral androgen receptor antagonist, structurally distinct from enzalutamide ([14C]Enza) and apalutamide ([14C]Apa). In a retrospective analysis of the ARADES database, central nervous system (CNS)related adverse events (AEs) were not linked with Daro (Fizazi, et al. 2015). CNS-related AEs have been observed with Enza and Apa, eg, fatigue, mental impairment, and seizure (Hussain et al, 2018; Smith et al, 2018). In preclinical studies, low blood-brain barrier (BBB) penetration of Daro was observed, suggesting low impact on the CNS. To understand the different CNS effects, we report in vivo tissue distribution data in rats with [14C]labeled Apa compared to previously presented [14C]Enza and [14C]Daro distribution data (Zurth, ASCO GU 2018) using quantitative whole-body autoradiography (QWBA). Methods:Male rats were orally dosed with 10 mg/kg [14C]Apa under similar experimental conditions as previously reported for [14C]Daro or [14C]Enza, prior to QWBA. One animal was sacrificed at each timepoint: (t ) 3h, 8h, and 24h postdose. Timepoint selection was based on a single oral Apa dose pharmacokinetic study in rats. Results: Apa displayed good absorption and homogeneous distribution throughout the body early postdose, comparable to previous observations for Enza and Daro. As observed for [14C]Enza, [14C]Apa remained constant in the body (t ∼4h vs ∼3h) up to 8h postdose, whereas [14C]Daro was eliminated from all tissues (t ∼1h). High concentrations of [14C]Apa persisted in the brain for up to 8h, although concentrations were ∼2fold lower than previously reported for [14C]Enza. [14C]Daro brain concentrations were near the lower limit of quantification, and ∼26x and 46x lower than [14C]Apa and [14C]Enza brain concentrations, respectively. Conclusions: The current preclinical study demonstrated moderate BBB penetration for Apa, similar to the previous Enza data, whereas Daro displayed > 25-fold lower BBB penetration, suggesting that Daro may be less likely to induce CNS-related AEs, which is expected to be confirmed by data from the ARAMIS study. ER  - 
“something is not right”: Cerebral venous thrombosis and intracranial haemorrhage 6 weeks post-partum$$$ Background: Pregnancy and the puerperium increases your risk of venothromboembolism 4 to 5-fold and cerebral venous thrombosis are more common in the pregnancy or puerperium. Yet, detection of these disorders remains difficult. Method: A retrospective observational case report. Results: A 21-year-old presented to the ED 6 weeks following uncomplicated vaginal delivery saying she did not feel herself. She appeared teary and agitated, but denied suicidal or homicidal symptoms, and neither headache nor other symptoms or signs of neurology were elicited. She had elevated blood pressure readings immediately post-partum, but she was discharged on day 4 after it had stabilised without medication. On review in the ED, her BP was 140/100. She was admitted overnight awaiting social work review but later, had two seizures in the context of an elevated blood pressure of 180/90. She received IV labetalol, hydralazine, MgSo4 and was intubated and stabilised. Subsequent CTB revealed extensive cerebral thrombosis and intraparenchymal haemorrhage with mass effect. An extra-ventricular drain was inserted, and she was transferred to another unit for clot retrieval. Conclusion: Care-providers should be aware that cerebral venous thrombosis can be masked as postnatal depression and a BP above 140/90 six weeks postpartum should alert one of potential neurology. ER  - 
Readmission following surgical resection for intractable epilepsy: Nationwide rates, causes, predictors, and outcomes$$$ BACKGROUND: Hospital readmissions can be detrimental to patients and may interfere with the potential benefits of the therapeutic procedure. Government agencies have begun to focus on reducing readmissions; however, the etiology of readmissions is lacking. OBJECTIVE: To report the national rates, risk factors, and outcomes associated with 30- and 90-d readmissions following surgery for intractable epilepsy. METHODS: We queried the Nationwide Readmissions Database from January to September 2013 using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Edition, Clinical Modification codes to identify all patients with intractable epilepsy, who underwent hemispherectomy (01.52), brain lobectomy (01.53), amydalohippocampectomy, or partial lobectomy (01.59). Predictor variables included epilepsy type, presurgical diagnostic testing, surgery type, medical complications, surgical complications, and discharge disposition. RESULTS: In 1587 patients, the 30- and 90-d readmission rates were 11.5% and 16.8%, respectively. The most common reasons for readmission were persistent epilepsy, video electroencephalography monitoring, postoperative infection, and postoperative central nervous system complication. In multivariable analysis, risk factors associated with both 30- and 90-d readmission were Medicare payer status, lowest quartile of median income, depression, hemispherectomy, and postoperative complications (P< .05). The only unique predictor of 30-d readmission was small bedsize hospital (P = .001). Readmissions within 30 d were associated with longer length of stay (6.8 vs 5.8 d), greater costs ($18 660 vs $15 515), and increased adverse discharges (26.4% vs 21.8%). CONCLUSION: Following epilepsy surgery, most readmissions that occurred within 30 d can be attributed to management of persistent epilepsy and predicted by Medicare payer status, depression, and complications. These data can assist the clinician in preventing readmissions and assist policy makers determine which admissions are potentially avoidable. ER  - 
Near point convergence prediction of return to school$$$ Purpose: To identify whether abnormal near point convergence (NPC) can be used as a predictor of academic tolerance based on the fifth consensus Return to School (RTS) stages. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study of 59 patients with an initial visit for concussion or Post-Concussion Syndrome (PCS) at a private practice clinic between November 22, 2017 and November 27, 2018 within 7 months of injury. The study included students between 12 and 25 year old. Patients with learning disabilities, ADHD, primary migraine disorder, seizure disorder, or baseline oculomotor disorders were excluded. Results: The average NPC was higher in the lower RTS stages compared to higher RTS stages, consistent with an inverse relationshipofNPCtoRTS stage. Average NPC was 15.97 cm for RTS stage 2, 12.00 cm for RTS stage 3, 7.98 cm for RTS stage 4 and 7.31 cm for RTS stage 4 with unrestricted sport clearance. Eighty-two percent of patients with an NPC of less than 9 cm were in RTS stage 4 (full days), while only 21% of those with NPC 18 cm where in RTS stage 4. Nearly all (95.5%) of those with NPC .18 cm did not tolerate full days at school and needed partial days with accommodations. Conclusions: NPC can be a helpful biomarker in assessing academic tolerance and the fifth consensus RTS stages in young students with concussions. Significance: Little research has been done on vision assessments as predictors of RTS. This data supports the use of a simple oculomotor test, NPC, as a predictive tool that may indicate which patients with a concussion or PCS may require academic accommodation. ER  - 
Seizures resulting from ethanol withdrawal-management and prognosis in the intensive care unit$$$ Introduction: In France, excessive ethanol use represents a major public health problem with resulting morbidities and social and medical expenses. Chronic alcohol drinking induces dependence and tolerance and may thus be responsible for withdrawal syndrome complicated by seizures, explained by ethanol-induced alterations in the brain neurotransmitters including at the gamma-aminobutyric acid glutamine balance. Our objective was to describe the patient's characteristics, morbidities, management and final outcome of the patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) due to ethanol withdrawal complicated by seizures. Patients and methods: We conducted a retrospective monocentre observational study including all presumed chronic alcoholic patients admitted to the ICU from 2014 to 2018 for ethanol withdrawalinduced seizures. The diagnosis was considered by the physicians in charge based on the results of all useful clinical, biological, imaging and EEG data usually required to rule out alternative diagnoses. Results: Fifty-three patients [45 males (85%) and 8 females (15%) + age 49 years (12) (median (interquartile range)] were included in the study. The patients were homeless (44%) and jobless (52%). They had previously presented ethanol withdrawal syndrome (62%) including seizures (53%). Patients developed status epilepticus (70%) associated to delirium tremens (13%). Complications included aspiration pneumonia (49%), cardiovascular failure (18%, mainly vasoplegic shock requiring norepinephrine infusion), neurological deficits (8%) and skin compression lesions (19%). Patients requested mechanical ventilation (53%) during 3 days (12). All patients were treated with anticonvulsive drugs of which the two mostly used were levetiracetam ( Keppra®, 80%) and clonazepam ( Rivotril®, 72%). Two patients (4%) died. Readmission to the emergency department (49%) and re-hospitalization in an ICU or medical ward (38%) were remarkable during the first year following their ICU admission, while only 13% had psychological and addictological follow-up. Conclusion: Ethanol withdrawal may be responsible in the chronic alcoholic for seizures requiring ICU admission with life-threatening complications and death. Our data support once again the absolute necessity to strengthen the fight against excessive ethanol drinking in our society. ER  - 
Value of witness observations in the differential diagnosis of transient loss of consciousness$$$ ObjectiveThis retrospective study explores to what extent additional information from event witnesses provided using the novel 31-item Paroxysmal Event Observer (PEO) Questionnaire improves the differentiation among epilepsy, syncope, and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) achievable with information provided by patients alone.MethodsPatients with transient loss of consciousness caused by proven epilepsy (n = 86), syncope (n = 79), or PNES (n = 84) attending specialist neurology/syncope services in the United Kingdom and event observers provided Paroxysmal Event Profile (PEP), PEO, and personal information (PI) (e.g., sex, age, medical history) data. PEO data were subjected to exploratory factor analysis (EFA) followed by confirmatory factor analysis (CFA). PEO, PEP, and PI data were used separately and in combination to differentiate diagnoses by pairwise and multinomial logistic regressions. Predicted diagnoses were compared with gold standard medical diagnoses.ResultsEFA/CFA identified a 4-factor structure of the PEO based on 26/31 questionnaire items with loadings ≥0.4. Observer-reported factors alone differentiated better between syncope and epilepsy than patient-reported factors (accuracy: 96% vs 85%, p = 0.0004). Observer-reported data improved accuracy over differentiation based on patient-reported data alone from 90% to 100% between syncope and epilepsy (p = 0.005), 76% to 83% between epilepsy and PNES (p = 0.006), and 93% to 95% between syncope and PNES (p = 0.098).ConclusionsInformation from observers can make an important contribution to the differentiation of epilepsy from syncope or PNES but adds less to that of syncope from PNES. ER  - 
Promoting faster pathways to surgery: A clinical audit of patients with refractory epilepsy$$$ Background: Individuals with epilepsy who cannot be adequately controlled with anti-epileptic drugs, refractory epilepsy, may be suitable for surgical treatment following detailed assessment. This is a complex process and there are concerns over delays in referring refractory epilepsy patients for surgery and subsequent treatment. The aim of this study was to explore the different patient pathways, referral and surgical timeframes, and surgical and medical treatment options for refractory epilepsy patients referred to two Tertiary Epilepsy Clinics in New South Wales, Australia. Methods: Clinical records were reviewed for 50 patients attending the two clinics, in two large teaching hospitals (25 in Clinic 1; 25 in Clinic 2. A purpose-designed audit tool collected detailed aspects of outpatient consultations and treatment. Patients with refractory epilepsy with their first appointment in 2014 were reviewed for up to six visits until the end of 2016. Data collection included: patient demographics, type of epilepsy, drug management, and assessment for surgery. Outcomes included: decisions regarding surgical and/or medical management, and seizure status following surgery. Patient-reported outcome measures to assess anxiety and depression were collected in Clinic 1 only. Results: Patient mean age was 38.3 years (SD 13.4), the mean years since diagnosis was 17.3 years (SD 9.8), and 88.0% of patients had a main diagnosis of focal epilepsy. Patients were taking an average of 2.3 (SD 0.9) anti-epileptic drugs at the first clinic visit. A total of 17 (34.0%) patients were referred to the surgical team and 11 (22.0%) underwent a neuro-surgical procedure. The average waiting time between visit 1 to surgical referral was 38.8 weeks (SD 25.1), and between visit 1 and the first post-operative visit was 55.8 weeks (SD 25.0). Conclusion: The findings confirm international data showing significant waiting times between diagnosis of epilepsy and referral to specialist clinics for surgical assessment and highlight different approaches in each clinic in terms of visit numbers and recorded activities. A standardised pathway and data collection, including patient-reported outcome measures, would provide better evidence for whether promoting earlier referral and assessment for surgery improves the lives of this disease group. ER  - 
Desvenlafaxine vs. placebo in the treatment of persistent depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: Pharmacotherapy of non-major persistent depressive disorder (PDD) is little studied. We report a study of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) desvenlafaxine (DVLX) for PDD. Method: Non-psychotic, non-bipolar outpatients aged 20–65 having PDD without concurrent major depression (MDD) were randomized double-blind to desvenlafaxine or placebo for 12 weeks. All had Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-24) score ≥ 12. Open-label DVLX was offered for 12 weeks following the acute trial. Results: Seventy-one subjects having mean baseline HDRS-24 20.27 ± 4.77 were eligible, of whom post-RZ data was available for all 59 randomized. The primary 12 week analysis did not differentiate DVLX-treated subjects’ mean HDRS scores from those on placebo (6.53 ± 3.98 vs. 8.24 ± 4.96, F = 3.33, df = 1, p =.07). Several secondary analyses yielded statistically significant results, including Responder, CGI and QIDS. Discussion: As the primary analysis did not reach statistical significance, this is a negative study which does not support the use of DVLX for non-major PDD. Nevertheless, statistically significant secondary analyses suggest the overall negative result could be due to sample size or sampling, suggesting further studies of this medication might be appropriate in this population. ER  - 
Diagnostic yield of head CT in pediatric emergency department patients with acute psychosis or hallucinations$$$ Background: Children presenting to the emergency department with acute psychosis or hallucinations sometimes undergo a head CT to evaluate for a causative lesion. The diagnostic yield of head CT in this scenario has not been reported. Objective: To determine the yield for head CT in children with acute psychosis or hallucinations. Materials and methods: We retrospectively searched the radiology report database over a 7.5-year period for head CT reports for pediatric emergency department patients using the following keywords: hallucination, psychosis, psychotic or “hearing voices.” All reports were categorized as normal or abnormal, and we reviewed and categorized the abnormal cases. We calculated the 95% confidence interval for abnormal CTs using the method of Clopper and Pearson. Results: We identified 397 pediatric emergency department head CTs. We excluded one non-diagnostic exam. We excluded 34 additional cases (which were all normal) because of clinical indications that might have independently triggered a head CT. Of the remaining 362 cases, 12 reports described abnormalities or variants and we reviewed them individually. Based on consensus review, four were normal, four had congenital malformations, three had encephalomalacia versus demyelination and one demonstrated cortical atrophy. There were no cases with actionable findings such as mass, hemorrhage, infection or hydrocephalus. The 95% confidence interval for a CT demonstrating causative findings was calculated at 0–0.82%. Conclusion: In the absence of concerning factors such as focal neurological deficits, evidence of central nervous system infection, trauma or headache, routine screening head CT might not be warranted in children presenting with acute psychosis or hallucinations. ER  - 
Neurological symptoms in Hypophosphatasia$$$ Summary: Hypophosphatasia (HPP) typically manifests with fractures, tooth loss, and muscle pain. Although mental health diagnoses and neurological symptoms have not been previously well documented in HPP, they occur commonly. The recognition of non-traditional symptoms may improve patient satisfaction, preempt costly evaluation and misdiagnosis, and lead to further treatment options. Introduction: Hypophosphatasia (HPP) is an inborn error of metabolism due to deficiency of tissue non-specific alkaline phosphatase (TNSALP). It is traditionally characterized by rickets in children and osteomalacia in adults, along with fractures, tooth loss, and muscle pain. Neurological symptoms and mental health diagnoses have not been widely reported, and we therefore report their prevalence in a cohort of patients with HPP. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed on a series of 82 HPP patients. Patient charts were reviewed to identify the possible presence and onset of 13 common neurological symptoms. Results: Median age was 36 years (2 to 79). Seventeen had adult onset HPP (> 18 years) and 65 had pediatric onset HPP (< 18 years). Median time from symptom onset to HPP diagnosis was 8 years (0 to 67). Seventy-four percent had a family history of bone disease, while 17% had a family history of neurologic disease. Bone problems occurred in 89%, dental problems in 77%, and muscle problems in 66%. Fatigue occurred in 66%, headache in 61%, sleep disturbance in 51%, gait change in 44%, vertigo in 43%, depression in 39%, anxiety in 35%, neuropathy in 35%, and hearing loss in 33%. Conclusions: The extra-skeletal manifestations of HPP, specifically neurological symptoms, have not been previously well documented. However, mental health diagnoses and neurological symptoms such as headache and sleep disturbance occur commonly in patients with HPP. The recognition of non-traditional symptoms in HPP may improve patient satisfaction, preempt costly evaluation and misdiagnosis, and may lead to further treatment options. ER  - 
Quality of life and physician-reported developmental, cognitive, and social problems in children with benign external hydrocephalus—long-term follow-up$$$ Introduction: Benign external hydrocephalus (BEH) is characterized by too rapidly increasing head circumference in infants, combined with typical neuroimaging findings. Psychomotor developmental delay is typically seen during the first few years of life; after that, the children’s development assumedly normalizes. However, little is known about the long-term effects of BEH. Methods: In this retrospective population-based study, children diagnosed with BEH during the years 1994–2003 in Southern Norway were asked to participate. Included patients (age 8–18 years old) and their parents answered the PedsQL questionnaire. The patient’s family physicians contributed by giving information from medical records, with special emphasis on developmental, cognitive, and social function. Results: One hundred seventy-six children were identified with BEH. One hundred three patients and 86 parents completed the PedsQL questionnaire. Supplemental medical information for 142 of the patients was received, mainly from their family physicians. Children and adolescents with BEH score themselves better than the normative mean on health-related quality of life, while the parents score their BEH children within the normative mean, except for the school functioning subgroup, where they score significantly lower. Various developmental, physical, and social problems are reported, like mental retardation, speech problems, epilepsy, motor impairment, psychiatric disorders, and cognitive difficulties. Among these patients, there is a discrepancy in some areas between the child-reported and parent-reported quality of life. Conclusions: Children and adolescents who were diagnosed with BEH during infancy generally do well. However, for some patients, there appear to be various developmental, social, and cognitive problems, and they seem to struggle more in school than their healthy peers. ER  - 
Intravenous subdissociative-dose ketamine versus morphine for acute geriatric pain in the Emergency Department: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Study objective: We compare the analgesic efficacy and safety of subdissociative intravenous-dose ketamine (SDK) versus morphine in geriatric Emergency Department (ED) patients. Methods: This was a prospective, randomized, double-blind trial evaluating ED patients aged 65 and older experiencing moderate to severe acute abdominal, flank, musculoskeletal, or malignant pain. Patients were randomized to receive SDK at 0.3 mg/kg or morphine at 0.1 mg/kg by short intravenous infusion over 15 min. Evaluations occurred at 15, 30, 60, 90, and 120 min. Primary outcome was reduction in pain at 30 min. Secondary outcomes included overall rates of adverse effects and incidence of rescue analgesia. Results: Thirty patients per group were enrolled in the study. The primary change in mean pain scores was not significantly different in the ketamine and morphine groups: 9.0 versus 8.4 at baseline (mean difference 0.6; 95% CI −0.30 to 1.43) and 4.2 versus 4.4 at 30 min (mean difference −0.2; 95% CI −1.93 to1.46). Patients in the SDK group reported higher rates of psychoperceptual adverse effects at 15, 30, and 60 min post drug administration. Two patients in the ketamine group and one in the morphine group experienced brief desaturation episodes. There were no statistically significant differences with respect to changes in vital signs and need for rescue medication. Conclusion: SDK administered at 0.3 mg/kg over 15 min provides analgesic efficacy comparable to morphine for short-term treatment of acute pain in the geriatric ED patients but results in higher rates of psychoperceptual adverse effects. ClinicalTrials.gov Registration #: NCT02673372. ER  - 
Nonlesional late-onset epilepsy: Semiology, EEG, cerebrospinal fluid, and seizure outcome characteristics$$$ Introduction: Incidence and prevalence of epilepsy increase with advancing age. Although the majority of late-onset epilepsies are of lesional origin, a considerable proportion of patients present with unknown etiology. The aim of this study was to evaluate the semiological, electroencephalographic (EEG), and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) characteristics as well as the 12-month seizure outcome in a cohort of patients with nonlesional late-onset epilepsy (≥ 55 years). Method: A total of 54 patients with newly diagnosed nonlesional late-onset epilepsy (NLLOE) were retrospectively evaluated for seizure type using the most recent International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) classification of seizure types, EEG characteristics, and CSF profile and followed-up for at least 12 months after epilepsy onset. Results were compared with a gender-matched control group of 58 patients with nonlesional early-onset epilepsy (NLEOE). Results: The predominant seizure types in NLLOE were focal to bilateral tonic–clonic seizures (30%) as well as focal onset impaired awareness motor seizures (IAMS) (22%) and focal onset impaired awareness nonmotor seizures (IANMS) (22%). The predominant seizure types in NLEOE were focal to bilateral tonic–clonic seizures (43%) as well as focal onset aware nonmotor seizures (ANMS) (31%) and IAMS (31%). Focal onset impaired awareness nonmotor seizures were found to be more characteristic in patients with NLLOE (p = 0.019; α < 0.05; NLLOE: 22.2% vs. NLEOE: 8.6%). Electroencephalography revealed no significant differences between groups. Of interest, three patients with NLLOE (8%) presented with oligoclonal bands (OCB) in CSF albeit absence of antineuronal antibodies. Seizure-free rate was 70%. Adverse effects from medication leading to antiepileptic drug (AED) change were reported in 12 patients (22%), valproate was the best tolerated AED in patients with NLLOE [adverse effects in 9%, compared with 12% (gabapentin) and 26% (levetiracetam)]. Conclusions: Using the most recent classification system, different patterns of semiological characteristics were identified: NLLOE more frequently present with IANMS, whereas patients with NLEOE rather have ANMS. Oligoclonal bands were only detected in patients with NLLOE, indicating that careful exclusion of autoimmune encephalitis in this patient group is warranted. Our findings may help to more accurately identify and characterize patients with NLLOE to improve targeted diagnostics and adequate treatment in this challenging group of patients. ER  - 
The diagnostic value of serum UCHL-1 and S100-B levels in differentiate epileptic seizures from psychogenic attacks$$$ Objective: To assess the value of postictal serum Ubiquitin C-terminal hydrolase (UCHL-1), a neuronal biomarker, and S100-B, a glial biomarker, levels, in differentiate epileptic seizures (ES) form psychogenic attacks. Methods: In this analytical cross-sectional study, serum UCHL-1 and S100-B levels were measured within six hours of occurring seizure, in 43 patients with ES, 20 patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and 19 healthy individuals by electrochemiluminescence immunoassay. Results: Both serum UCHL-1 and S100-B levels were significantly higher in patients with ES than PNES (P < 0.05) and controls (P < 0.01). PNES patients had significantly higher serum S100-B levels compared to controls (P < 0.01). There was a significant correlation between the serum UCHL-1 and S100-B levels in patients with ES (r = 0.46, P = 0.002). Conclusions: Our study showed that serum UCHL-1 level could be potentially used in differentiate ES from PNES (sensitivity 72%, specificity 59%). Serum S100-B level had lower value compared to UCHL-1 (AUC 0.68 for UCHL-1 v/s 0.59 for S100B). Post-seizure serum UCHL-1 and S100-B levels could be used in future studies to better understand the underlying mechanism of seizures and may offer as an adjunctive diagnostic test in differentiate ES from PNES. ER  - 
Long-Term Results After Endoscopic Resection of Colloid Cysts$$$ Background: Endoscopic resection of colloid cysts is a widely accepted treatment option instead of microsurgery. However, there is still a debate about a potentially higher rate of incomplete resections and recurrence. Objective: The aim of this retrospective study was to evaluate long-term results after endoscopic removal of colloid cysts. Methods: Twenty patients underwent endoscopic treatment in our department. Eighteen patients agreed to follow-up examinations. In 17 patients, magnetic resonance images were obtained. Results: Total cyst resection was achieved in 16 procedures. In 1 patient, only plexus coagulation and widening of the ipsilateral foramen of Monro were performed. In 3 patients, small remnants of the cyst membrane were left behind. Conversion to microsurgery became necessary in 1 patient. Mild temporary complications occurred in 6 patients. Preoperative symptoms were completely relieved in 16 patients and improved in 2 patients. The average follow-up period was 188 months. In the patient with plexus coagulation, the cyst did not change. Recurrence occurred in 2 of 3 patients with cyst remnants. To date, no cyst remnant or recurrence has caused any symptoms or required surgical treatment. Conclusions: Our results indicate that endoscopic treatment of colloid cysts is a safe and effective treatment option that provides excellent long-term results. However, we determined that a significant risk for recurrence exists when even small parts of the cyst capsule were left behind. Therefore, we advocate an attempt at total endoscopic cyst resection. ER  - 
Magnetic Resonance–Guided Laser Interstitial Thermal Therapy Versus Stereotactic Radiosurgery for Medically Intractable Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Seizure Outcomes and Complications$$$ Introduction: Magnetic resonance–guided laser interstitial thermal therapy (MRgLITT) and stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) are 2 emerging minimally invasive procedures being increasingly used for surgical intervention in cases of medically intractable temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). To date, no comparative analyses of these 2 procedures have been made. In the current study, we synthesized pooled data from existing studies in an attempt to present a systematic review and meta-analysis of seizure and clinical outcomes of the 2 procedures in patients with TLE. Methods: The Population, Intervention, Comparator, and Outcome (PICO) approach and Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) guidelines were followed to perform an indirect meta-analysis of seizure and clinical outcomes between MRgLITT and SRS. Only studies reporting outcomes for patients with TLE were included in the current review. Results: A total of 19 studies were included in the final analysis, giving a total of 415 TLE patients. Of those studies, 9 were on MRgLITT, with a total of 250 patients (60%), and 10 were on SRS, with a total of 165 patients (40%). We found that the overall seizure freedom rate was comparable between the 2 procedures (MRgLITT 50%, 95% confidence interval [CI] 44% to 56%, vs. SRS 42%, 95% CI 27% to 59%, P = 0.39). Similarly, among patients with lesional pathologic conditions only, the seizure freedom rate was comparable between the 2 procedures (MRgLITT 62%, 95% CI 48% to 74%, vs. SRS 50%, 95% CI 37% to 64%, P = 0.23). Compared with SRS, MRgLITT was associated with lower complication rates (MRgLITT 20%, 95% CI 14% to 26% vs. SRS 32%, 95% CI 20% to 46%, P = 0.06) but similar reoperation rates (15%, 95% CI 9% to 22% vs. 27%, 95% CI 12% to 46%, P = 0.31). Conclusions: As minimally invasive procedures continue to gain popularity for use in surgery for epilepsy, it is imperative to evaluate their efficacy and safety outcomes. In this study we pooled the data from existing studies to compare the seizure and clinical outcomes in patients with TLE undergoing MRgLITT and SRS. We found similar outcomes and complications between the 2 procedures. ER  - 
Alcohol-related seizures may be associated with more severe depression, alcohol dependence syndrome, and more pronounced alcohol-related problems$$$ Severe alcohol abuse and related medical and social functioning risks, as well as clinically significant depression, are common in patients who are admitted to hospital with alcohol-related seizures (ARS) and significantly affect the quality of life of the patient. Compared with studies involving patients with alcohol dependence, no large-scale studies with the aim of finding the prevalence and severity of depression and its most commonly affected aspects for patients with ARS have been carried out in Latvia yet. The habits and frequency of alcohol use in correlation to depression and its severity are also not known. One hundred ten patients were included in the study – 60 patients with ARS and 50 patients with alcohol use disorder (AUD) – without ARS. The research population consists mainly of working-age adults; however, most patients with ARS have significantly impaired daily activity and social life. Compared with patients who only have alcohol dependence, a more common problem in patients with ARS is having an alcohol dependence level that requires additional clinical examinations and consultations by a narcologist using the Alcohol Use Disorder Identification Test (AUDIT) scale, and this level is more often related to depression particularly characterized by pronounced suicidal thoughts (exhibited by almost 1 out of every 4 patients). According to the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), depression has affected 81.7% of patients with ARS and 96% of patients with AUD. Seizures negatively affect patients’ physical and emotional well-being in over 80% of cases; moreover, it is common for most patients to feel depressed after the seizures. Over half of the patients with ARS scored 20–40 points according to the AUDIT scale, indicating serious alcohol abuse disorder. Our research data can help bring awareness of the need to more carefully evaluate patients with ARS for an early detection of alcohol abuse disorder and depression with a risk of self-harm and unintentional harm to others as well as to decrease the burden on social care and healthcare. This article is part of the Special Issue “Individualized Epilepsy Management: Medicines, Surgery and Beyond”. ER  - 
Self-Directed Violence After Medical Emergency Department Visits Among Youth$$$ Introduction: Identifying medical encounters that precede self-directed violence may allow for important prevention opportunities. This study examined the risk of self-directed violence after visiting the emergency department for a range of physical health conditions among youth. Methods: This retrospective cohort study used 2012–2013 statewide emergency department data from six states. Among patients aged 15–29 years, the exposure group included 2,192,322 emergency department visits for 16 selected conditions, coded by whether visits for those conditions were the first, second, or third or later visit for that condition. Emergency department visits for a minor infection served as the reference group (n=149,163). A Cox proportional hazard model was used to assess the risk of a self-directed violence event within 6 months for each condition. Analyses were conducted in 2017. Results: Overall, 8,489 (0.4%) of all patients visited the emergency department for self-directed violence over a 6-month period. Initial visits for epilepsy or seizures conveyed a markedly elevated hazard ratio for subsequent self-directed violence at 6.0 and 5.7, respectively (p<0.001). Initial visits for other conditions showed moderately elevated risk with hazard ratios primarily <2. Second visits for various pain symptoms, syncope, vomiting, or non–self-directed violence injury also had a 3- to 5-fold increase in hazard ratios for subsequent self-directed violence. Hazard ratios for third or later visit increased to 8.8 for back pain, 6.9 for headache, about 5 for abdominal pain, dental complaints, and non–self-directed violence injury (p<0.001). Conclusions: Young people presenting to the emergency department for certain medical conditions are at an increased risk of subsequent self-directed violence. An awareness of these patterns may help guide screening efforts for suicide prevention in clinical settings. ER  - 
Refractory status epilepticus in adults admitted to ITU in Glasgow 1995–2013 a longitudinal audit highlighting the need for action for provoked and unprovoked status epilepticus$$$ Purpose: Our primary objective was to determine incidence of status epilepticus in adults admitted to 5 ITU settings in Glasgow over 18 years. We wanted to investigate if there are any change in causes and outcomes of SE over last decade. We also compared outcomes of De Novo statuts Epilpeticus (DNSE) and Stauts Epilepticus in patients with previous Epilepsy (SEPE). Methods: The NHS GGC Research Ethics Committee gave permission for this study to continue without a full ethics submission. Between 2013 and 2016, coding records were searched across NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde for adults over the age of 16 years admitted to an Intensive Care Facility in any of the hospitals in Glasgow. Results: 633 cases were included in study. Cases were separated depending on whether there had been previous epilepsy (SEPE n = 214) or De Novo Status Epilepticus (DNSE, n = 419). Causes in both groups were listed, with 52% of those with DNSE having some contribution from substance misuse. In SEPE, this was felt to play a role in 33.7%. Duration of stay in both groups was similar, but the longest in-patient stays were in the DNSE group. Admission mortality was significantly higher in DNSE than in SEPE (13.8% versus 7.5%). This mortality risk was most closely associated with substance misuse in the group with DNSE. Conclusion: DNSE has a worse prognosis than SEPE. A presentation with DNSE is sign of a system in peril, even where episodes are provoked by alcohol and or drug use. Such episodes should spark off a chain of multispecialty care in order to address this recurring and persisting public health catastrophe. ER  - 
Dramatic presentations in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to investigate the frequency of dramatic presentations of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) (i.e., urine incontinence and ictal injury) and to characterize the patients’ historical risk factors that may be associated with such dramatic manifestations. Methods: In this retrospective database study, all patients with PNES, who were investigated at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, from 2008 until 2018, were studied. Results: 259 patients with PNES-only were studied. Thirty-one patients (12%) reported experiencing urinary incontinence. Seventy-five patients (29%) reported having a bodily injury. The associated injuries were as follows: lacerations (35; 13.5%), tongue biting (32; 12%), fractures (5; 2%), burns (2; 1%), and dental injuries (1; 0.5%). Fifty-seven (67%) patients with one of these features and 91 patients (53%) without any of these features were taking antiepileptic drugs; the difference was significant (p = 0.03). Conclusion: Patients with PNES may frequently present with dramatic features including, ictal injury or urinary incontinence, and as a result are at great risk of receiving wrong diagnosis and unnecessary treatments. ER  - 
Clinical presentation of laboratory confirmed neurosyphilis in a recent cases series$$$ Objective: The worldwide increase in the incidence of syphilis necessitates alertness to the occurrence of neurosyphilis. Early recognition of neurosyphilis allows for timely treatment, leading to a better treatment outcome. This retrospective study aims to describe the clinical presentation of neurosyphilis in a recent series of neurosyphilis patients. Method: All patients were included with a new, laboratory confirmed, diagnosis of neurosyphilis in the period 2004-2018. The clinical data were analysed. Results: 34 neurosyphilis patients (1 woman and 33 men) were identified. Age varied from 31-84 years (median age: 44 years). A history of syphilis infection was known for 11 (32%) patients; 12 (35%) patients were HIV seropositive. The distribution of the clinical syndromes was as follows: 16 patients with early neurosyphilis (acute meningitis, meningovasculitis and/or uveitis), 9 patients with late neurosyphilis (General Paralysis of the Insane and/or Tabes Dorsalis), 2 patients with symptoms of both early and late neurosyphilis, 6 patients with asymptomatic neurosyphilis and in 1 patient insufficient data were available to determine a clinical syndrome. Early neurosyphilis was seen in all age categories, late neurosyphilis only occurred in patients 40 years. Conclusions: Neurosyphilis occurs in adults in all age groups, in men more frequent than in women, often in HIVinfected patients, and can present with a wide range of clinical syndromes. Usually no previous infection with syphilis is known. ER  - 
Acute Disseminated Encephalomyelitis in an Incarcerated Adolescent Presents as Acute Psychosis: Case Report and Literature Review$$$ Objective We aimed to describe a case of an incarcerated adolescent with acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM) presenting as acute psychosis. Methods This was a retrospective case report followed with chart and literature review. Main Findings An adolescent with ADEM presented with drastic behavior and personality changes that led to her incarceration for serious charges. Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis leads to neuropsychiatric effects and can be seen with magnetic resonance imaging as a large mass effect that may result in a poor prognosis. This adolescent made a full recovery from her left facial droop, slurred speech, and left-sided hemiplegia, and her personality changes were reverted. Conclusions Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis can present as acute psychosis; therefore, clinical suspicion is important when treating patients who have a history of past infectious brain diseases, especially encephalitis. Given the rapid onset of disease, physicians must be knowledgeable of the diagnosis and treatment of ADEM and be vigilant in finding organic causes of acute psychosis. ER  - 
Characterizing the Toxicity and Dose-Effect Profile of Tramadol Ingestions in Children$$$ Objectives Tramadol can cause life-threatening toxicity in overdose; however, data on its toxicity in children are lacking. This study investigates toxicity associated with tramadol ingestions in children. The hypothesis is that children will experience dose-related central nervous system and respiratory depression and seizures. Methods A retrospective evaluation of cases from the National Poison Center Data System between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2013, was performed. Inclusion criteria were age below 6 years and single-substance acute tramadol ingestion. For dose-effect analysis, cases with sufficient dose quantity information were included. Results There were 7334 cases that met inclusion criteria. Outcomes were 84.8% no effect, 12.6% minor, 2.2% moderate, and 0.4% major effect. There was 1 fatality. Most of the children (36.4%) were treated/released from the emergency department; other management sites were home (36.4%), admission (5.9%), and others (3.2%). In the 1115 children with symptoms, drowsiness (N = 611) and vomiting (N = 178) occurred most frequently. More serious clinical effects included respiratory depression in 36 and seizures in 24 children. Of 2772 children with milligram dose recorded, there were 10 cases of respiratory depression and 6 of seizure. Median doses for respiratory depression and seizure were 225 (range, 50-600 mg) and 525 mg (range, 50-1050 mg), respectively. The minimum weight-based dose for respiratory depression/arrest was 7.9 mg/kg and for seizures, 4.8 mg/kg. Conclusions Seizure and respiratory depression are uncommon in pediatric tramadol ingestions. Given the small number of patients with dose data and lack of laboratory confirmation of dose, more studies are needed to determine the minimum dose at which medical management is recommended. ER  - 
Tuberous sclerosis-associated neuropsychiatric disorders: a paediatric cohort study$$$ Aim: We aimed to study tuberous sclerosis-associated neuropsychiatric disorders (TAND) in children and adolescents with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). Method: Retrospective and prospective cohort study conducted at a Paediatric Neurology Unit of an Italian Tertiary Care Hospital. Clinical and neuroimaging data were reviewed. Scores for neurological and epilepsy outcomes (Extended Glasgow Outcome Scale, Paediatric Version and Early Childhood Epilepsy Severity Scale modified), semi-structured interviews (authorized Italian version of the TAND checklist and Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales) and questionnaires (Child Behavior Checklist [CBCL]) were applied at last follow-up. Results: Thirty-two patients with TSC (age range 1–19y) were enrolled. Eighty-eight per cent had at least one TAND and 47% had intellectual disability. The TAND checklist showed internalizing problems in 25.8% of cases (vs 41.9% by CBCL), and externalizing problems in 41.9% (vs 9.7% by CBCL). TAND prevailed in patients with de novo mutation of TSC2, high tuber load, and severe neurological and epilepsy outcomes. Interpretation: In our cohort, 78% of patients had more than four TAND behavioural problems; nevertheless, they did not show a constant and specific neuropsychiatric profile. Clinical, neurophysiological, and neuroradiological features were associated with several TAND. The TAND checklist appeared more effective than the CBCL, particularly in detecting externalizing problems. What this paper adds: The Tuberous sclerosis-associated neuropsychiatric disorders (TAND) checklist is an effective tool for TAND screening. The TAND checklist helps define psychopathological and neuropsychiatric aspects in paediatric patients with Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). TAND were found in 88% of patients with TSC, whilst 78% had more than four TAND. TAND distribution depends on different clinical and neuroradiological features. ER  - 
The association of religiosity with suicidal ideation and suicide attempts in the United Kingdom$$$ Objective: The goal was to analyze the association of religiosity with suicidal ideation and suicide attempts in a UK nationally representative sample. Methods: This study used cross-sectional data from 7403 people who participated in the 2007 Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Survey (APMS). Religion was assessed with the question ‘Do you have a specific religion?’ with ‘yes’ and ‘no’ answer options. Lifetime and past 12-month suicidal ideation and suicide attempts were assessed. The association between religiosity and suicidality was studied in multivariable logistic regression models adjusted for sociodemographic, behavioural, and psychopathological factors. Results: Compared to those without a religion, the prevalence of past 12-month suicidal ideation (3.2% vs. 5.4%), past 12-month suicide attempts (0.4% vs. 0.9%), lifetime suicidal ideation (11.2% vs. 16.4%), and lifetime suicide attempts (3.6% vs. 6.0%) was lower among those with a religion. In the fully adjusted model, having a religion was significantly associated with lower odds for all types of suicidality except past 12-month suicide attempts: suicidal ideation (past 12-month: OR = 0.71, 95% CI = 0.51–0.99; lifetime: OR = 0.83, 95% CI = 0.69–0.99) and suicide attempts (past 12-month: OR = 0.71, 95% CI = 0.35–1.45; lifetime: OR = 0.69, 95% CI = 0.53–0.90). Conclusion: There is a negative association between religiosity and suicidality in the UK. Future studies should focus on the underlying mechanisms. ER  - 
High burden of neurological disease in the older general population: results from the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging$$$ Background and purpose: Our objective was to study the association between the presence of a neurological disease and the comorbidity burden as well as healthcare utilization (HCU). Methods: Using baseline data from the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging (CLSA), we examined the burden of five neurological conditions. The CLSA is a population-based study of approximately 50 000 individuals, aged 45–85 years at baseline. We used multivariable Poisson regression to identify correlates of comorbidity burden and HCU. Results: The lifetime prevalence of five neurological diseases is presented: epilepsy, Parkinson's disease/parkinsonism, stroke/transient ischaemic attack, multiple sclerosis and migraine. We found the somatic and psychiatric comorbidity burden to be higher in those individuals with a neurological disease (an 18–45% mean increase in the number of chronic conditions) as compared with the comparison group without a neurological disease, except for Parkinson's disease/parkinsonism. The presence of a neurological disease was associated with only a modest increase in the probability of visiting a general practitioner but was associated with a greatly increased probability of visiting a medical specialist (up to 68% more likely) or an emergency department (up to 79% more likely) and an overnight hospitalization (up to 108% more likely). Conclusions: We found striking associations between our neurological diseases and increased comorbidity burdens and HCU. These findings are important for informing public policy planning as well as driving avenues for future research. The present study established the CLSA as an important research platform for the study of neurological conditions in an aging general population. ER  - 
Reconsidering the seizure threshold? A retrospective study about seizure quality among patients with maintenance ECT$$$ Objectives Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and validated technique used to treat various psychiatric conditions. It triggers an artificially-induced seizure. This seizure is defined using several parameters such as the amount of energy, duration, frequency, pulse width and intensity. Efficacy and adverse events depend on the amount of energy delivered. Due to technical control, the amount of energy delivered by our unit's ECT device was limited to 614 mC, 60% of the maximum possible output of the device. We wondered if lowering the dose would lead to better seizure quality among maintenance ECT patients.Methods We assessed seizure quality based on the EEG, using a validated tool created by MacPherson. Two evaluators independently rated the seizures. Pre-and post-control scores were compared using Student's t-test for paired samples.Results We analysed data from 15 patients. Mean age was 65 years old. Twelve had depressive disorder, two had schizophrenia and one had schizo-affective disorder. Mean duration of seizure before control was 41.1 s [95% confidence interval (95CI)=26.1, 51.1]. The mean MacPherson's score was 20.3 (95CI=16.2, 24.4). After control, the mean MacPherson's score was 28.2 (23.1, 33.3), showing a significant difference with the pre-control dataset (p=0.032; t=-2.4; df=14). Specifically, peak mid-ictal amplitude increased from 6.9 (95CI=5.1, 8.7) to 10.0 (95CI=7.2, 12.8). Other sub-scores remained unchanged.Conclusion Lowering the energy delivered led to an overall increase of seizure quality among our sample. This highlights the necessity and utility of retitration during ECT maintenance, possibly leading to better management of our patients. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drug withdrawal in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy$$$ Objectives: Withdrawal of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) has been discouraged in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME). However, impulsivity as a consequence of executive dysfunction in JME may influence treatment adherence. The aim of the present study was to assess how common withdrawal of AEDs is in a large and representative JME group. Materials and methods: Patients with genetic generalized epilepsy (GGE) were identified through a retrospective search of medical records at Drammen Hospital, Norway, and invited to a clinical interview. Information related to AED withdrawal was analyzed in those classified as JME. Results: A total of 132 patients with GGE were interviewed (87 JME). Thirty-five patients with JME (40%) discontinued AEDs, of which 74% did so without consulting a doctor. The rate of self-withdrawal was significantly higher in JME than in other types of GGE. Having a parent with psychosocial difficulties was significantly over-represented in the JME self-withdrawal group. Twelve of those who discontinued AEDs (34%) were free from generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) and without antiepileptic drugs >1 year. All but one of them withdrew AEDs without consulting a doctor. Age at first motor seizure was significantly higher in those with a favorable outcome of AED withdrawal. Conclusions: Self-withdrawal of AEDs is common in JME, especially in those with troublesome conditions at home. However, about 1/3 may remain free from GTCS without AEDs. The findings indicate a need for a stronger follow-up with appropriate information about the prognosis of the disorder. ER  - 
Medical health care utilization cost of patients presenting with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: To investigate the health care utilization cost of patients presenting with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) to a tertiary hospital in Australia. Methods: This is a retrospective analysis of adult patients with PNES based on video-electroencephalographic confirmation over a 5-year period. We used an itemized list to collect detailed health care utilization data. The items included emergency room visits, hospital ward admissions, intensive care unit (ICU) admissions, outpatient neurology clinic visits, medical interventions, Code Blue and Medical Emergency Team calls for seizures, medications, and investigations. We calculated the cost of each individual item separately for each individual presentation. To investigate the proportional contribution of each covariate toward the total health care utilization cost, an analysis of the relative importance in the linear regression was performed. Results: There were 39 patients, of whom seven (18%) were admitted to the ICU with suspected status epilepticus. The median total health care utilization cost per person until the diagnosis of PNES was established as 26 468 Australian dollars (AUD; 19 207 US dollars [USD]). In the item breakdown, the highest median cost was incurred by investigations (13 119 AUD = 9520 USD), followed by hospital ward management (8890 AUD = 6451 USD), ICU stay (3764 AUD = 2731 USD), outpatient neurology clinics (2200 AUD = 1596 USD), and emergency room visits (570 AUD = 413 USD). Nonepileptic psychogenic status (23%) and the duration of PNES disorder (10%) were the most significant variables contributing to the variance (R2) of the model. Significance: A considerable burden of health care utilization cost is caused by PNES. The presence of nonepileptic psychogenic status and a longer duration of the condition predict a higher cost. ER  - 
Prevalence and trajectories of depressive symptoms among mothers of children with newly diagnosed epilepsy: A longitudinal 10-year study$$$ Objective: Parental depression significantly impacts children’s health and well-being. This study aimed to (1) estimate the prevalence of depressive symptoms, at six time points, among mothers over the first 10 years after their child was diagnosed with epilepsy; (2) identify trajectories of maternal depressive symptoms over time; and (3) identify baseline factors associated with each trajectory. Methods: Data came from the Health-Related Quality of Life in Children with Epilepsy Study (HERQULES), a Canada-wide prospective cohort study. Data on child, parent, and family characteristics were collected at the time of diagnosis, and follow-ups at 0.5, 1, 2, 8, and 10 years. Maternal depressive symptoms were measured using the Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale. Trajectories of depressive symptoms were evaluated using latent class growth modeling, and multinomial logistic regression was used to identify baseline factors associated with each trajectory. Results: A total of 356 mothers participated in the study, of whom 57% scored in the at-risk range for major depression disorder (period-prevalence). Four unique trajectories were identified as follows: “Low-Stable” (29% of mothers), “Intermediate-Stable” (46%), “High-Stable” (20%), and “High-Decreasing” (5%). Positive family environment was consistently associated with a better trajectory of depressive symptoms over time; other significant factors included type of seizures, child cognitive comorbidity, maternal age, and maternal education. Significance: A substantial proportion of mothers of children with epilepsy are at risk for depression, and this risk is stable over the long term. Family environment at the time of diagnosis has long-term and persistent effects and may be an ideal target for interventions. ER  - 
Factors related to the comparative effectiveness of clozapine in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Aim: To examine the factors related to the comparative effectiveness of clozapine. Patients & methods: US insurance claims databases were used to identify schizophrenia patients. To examine the factors modifying the comparative effectiveness of clozapine in relation to other second-generation antipsychotics, a series of variables were interacted with a clozapine indicator in regressions. Results: The impacts of clozapine on both persistence and adherence were significantly modified by prior hospitalization, prior epilepsy diagnosis and prior use of antianginal agents. The relative risks of heavy inpatient services use and heavy emergency department services use were also modified by several factors. Conclusion: Several factors can be used to identify patients who are more likely to benefit from clozapine than other second-generation antipsychotics. ER  - 
Hidradenitis suppurativa and psychiatric disorders: the florence experience$$$ Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic inflammatory disease that primarily involves the skin, but which can be considered a systemic condition with multi-organ comorbidities including psychiatric and neurological disorders. Indeed, skin, as the largest visible organ, plays an essential role in self-esteem and interpersonal relationships. The aim of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of psychiatric and neurological disorders among HS patients. The study was conducted retrospectively among HS patients being treated at the Department of Dermatology of the University of Florence. The study included 130 patients with HS: psychiatric disorders were diagnosed in 34 patients (26.1%), of which 28 females and 6 males. Depression was diagnosed in 20 patients (15.4%), intellectual disability in 10 patients (7.7%), feeding and eating disorders in 2 patients (1.5%), schizophrenia in 2 patients (1.5%). Anxiety (11.5%) coexists in 10 patients with depression, in patients with feeding and eating disorders and in 3 patients with intellectual disability. From a neurological point of view 2 patients suffered from epilepsy. In our experience anxiety and depression are the most common psychiatric comorbidities in patients with HS: this association, that goes beyond the body image disorder of HS patients, should be further investigated in order to take care of these patients in an integrated manner. ER  - 
Development of the medicines optimisation assessment tool (MOAT)$$$ Medicines optimisation is a key role for hospital clinical pharmacists1, but with increasing demands on services there is a need to increase efficiency whilst maintaining patient safety. Clinical prioritisation has been proposed as a way to permit pharmacy services to focus on where the need is greatest2. The aim of this study was to develop and test a prediction tool, the Medicines Optimisation Assessment Tool (MOAT™), to target patients at highest risk of medication related problems (MRPs) while in hospital. The objectives were to develop a decision aid to allocate patients to risk groups, and to assess its predictive performance and clinical usefulness. Consecutive admissions (n = 1652) from adult medical wards at two UK hospitals were prospectively included into this cohort study between April and November 2016. Elective admissions were excluded, as were patients not prescribed medication, and/or whose prescribing records were not reviewed by a pharmacist. Data on MRPs were collected by pharmacists as part of their routine daily clinical assessments. Data on potential risk factors, such as number of comorbidities and use of “high-risk” medicines, were collected retrospectively. A prognostic model was developed using multivariable logistic regression to determine the relationship between potential risk factors and the study outcome: patients with at least one moderate or severe preventable MRP, and a simplified electronic scoring system (the MOAT) was developed. Three risk groups were created to guide prioritisation. Predictive performance was assessed using discrimination (concordance index) and calibration. Sensitivity and specificity were calculated, and clinical usefulness assessed using decision curve analysis. Ethical approval was obtained from the proportionate review service sub-committee of the National Health Service Research Ethics Committee, Wales REC 7 (16/WA/0016). Among 1503 eligible patient admissions, 610 (40.6%) experienced the study outcome. Eleven variables were retained in the final model: number of comorbidities, number of medicines, white cell count, renal function, previous allergy, aminoglycosides/glycopeptides, other antimicrobials, epilepsy medicines, and 3 primary diagnoses (nervous system/mental disorders, respiratory and gastrointestinal). The MOAT demonstrated fair predictive performance: (concordance index 0.66) and good calibration. The decision thresholds between risk groups had sensitivities of 90% and 66% (specificity 30% and 61% respectively). The MOAT has potential to increase the efficiency of hospital pharmacy services by identifying the 22% of patients least likely to experience a moderate or severe preventable MRP. Decision curve analysis suggests the MOAT has the potential to be clinically useful at the thresholds selected to categorise patients as low, medium and high-risk. The MOAT is the first evidence-based clinical prioritisation tool to identify patients most in need of pharmacists' input in terms of their risk of moderate or severe preventable MRPs, experienced by 41% of admissions. Results suggest acceptable predictive accuracy, with decision curve analysis demonstrating potential clinical usefulness. A strength of this research is adherence with recommendations of the PROGnosis RESearch Strategy (PROGRESS) partnership. Limitations include the observational nature of the study, meaning residual confounding cannot be excluded. The next step is to assess the MOAT's clinical credibility. Extensive external validation, involving prospective validation in a new cohort, will also be required, together with studies to assess the impact of the MOAT in clinical practice. ER  - 
Pilot study: First steps for the development of a predictive tool for delirium$$$ Background and objective: Delirium is an acute confusional state that is rarely caused by a single factor. It is a potentially preventable source of mortality and morbidity in hospitalized elderly patients where it occurs in 20-60%. Design: This pilot study aims to collect knowledge how data are provided in patient's files and to check the plausibility of a future retrospective analysis to develop a predictive tool that will be implemented in the electronic patients record and detect automatically patients at risk for delirium. Setting and method: A retrospective study on a geriatric ward of a 360 bed cantonal hospital. 95% confidence intervals and p values (<0.05) were calculated using fisherexact test and t test. Results: The outcome was delirium stated in the diagnosis list or free text and compared to the delirium observation scale (DOS) measured three times a day. Risk factors: EPA-AC score, CRP, electrolytes, ECPA, homocysteine, vitamin B12, glomerular filtration rate, visual and hearing AIDS, alcohol abuse, Parkinson, epilepsy, infection, catheter, heart disease, diabetes, kidney dysfunction, dementia, falls, stroke, depression, anticholinergic drugs. Results: 21 out of 59 screened patients met our inclusion criteria. 5 patients developed a delirium during their hospitalizations (23.8%). Diagnosis was not always clearly stated in the diagnosis list, in 2 patients it was only found in free text. 51.1% of all DOS measures in delirious patients were ≥3 compared to only 10.6% in non delirious patients. One had even scores of up to 8. In the delirious patients the average DOS score was 3.2 compared to nondelirious patients 0.8 (p<0.05). Most risk factors could be collected from patient records. Homocystein levels and the ECPA score for pain measurements were always missing. Only falls were associated with a higher risk of delirium (p<0.05). Additionally, patients with delirium had a lower self-caring index and a higher CRP compared to non-delirious patients (p<0.05). Conclusion: Data were well provided. The outcome delirium was difficult to identify as also a DOS ≥ 3 was seen in non-delirious patients. Before including other risk factors into the model, interaction in between them needs to be analysed as well. ER  - 
Determinants and consequences of financial hardship among adult survivors of childhood cancer: A report from the St. Jude Lifetime Cohort Study$$$ Background: Financial hardship among survivors of pediatric cancer has been understudied. We investigated determinants and consequences of financial hardship among adult survivors of childhood cancer. Methods: Financial hardship, determinants, and consequences were examined in 2811 long-term survivors (mean age at evaluation=31.8 years, years postdiagnosis=23.6) through the baseline survey and clinical evaluation. Financial hardship was measured by material, psychological, and coping/behavioral domains. Outcomes included health and life insurance afford-ability, retirement planning, symptoms, and health-related quality of life (HRQOL). Odds ratios (ORs) estimated associations of determinants with financial hardship. Odds ratios and regression coefficients estimated associations of hardship with symptom prevalence and HRQOL, respectively. All statistical tests were two-sided. Results: Among participants, 22.4% (95% confidence interval [CI] = 20.8% to 24.0%), 51.1% (95% CI = 49.2% to 52.9%), and 33.0% (95% CI = 31.1% to 34.6%) reported material, psychological, and coping/behavioral hardship, respectively. Risk factors across hardship domains included annual household income of $39 999 or less vs $80 000 or more (material OR=3.04, 95% CI=2.08 to 4.46, psychological OR=3.64, 95% CI=2.76 to 4.80, and coping/behavioral OR=4.95, 95% CI=3.57 to 6.86) and below high school attainment vs college graduate or above (material OR=2.22, 95% CI=1.45 to 3.42, psychological OR=1.75, 95% CI=1.18 to 2.62, and coping/behavioral OR=2.05, 95% CI=1.38 to 3.06). Myocardial infarction, peripheral neuropathy, subsequent neoplasm, seizure, stroke, reproductive disorders, amputation, and upper gastrointestinal disease were associated with higher material hardship (all P<.05). Hardship across three domains was associated with somatization, anxiety and depression (all P<.001), suicidal ideation (all P<.05), and difficulty in retirement planning (all P<.001). Survivors with hardship had statistically significantly lower HRQOL (all P<.001), sensation abnormality (all P<.001), and pulmonary (all P<.05) and cardiac (all P<.05) symptoms. Conclusions: A substantial proportion of adult survivors of childhood cancer experienced financial hardship. Vulnerable sociodemographic status and late effects were associated with hardship. Survivors with financial hardship had an increased risk of symptom prevalence and impaired HRQOL. ER  - 
Neuropsychological outcomes in children with arterial ischemic stroke$$$ Objective: Pediatric stroke is a rare disease with potential for lifelong impact on cognition, social function, and financial productivity. Neuropsychological testing is critically important for understanding the impact of acquired brain injury on the component elements of cognition. Unfortunately patients cannot always access comprehensive testing resources due to a variety of barriers including limited behavioral health provider availability, cost, and insurance coverage. Physicians must be familiar with common neurocognitive difficulties after pediatric stroke to aide timely resource referral. In our study we review the neuropsychological profile of pediatric arterial ischemic stroke (AIS) patients. Methods: This is a single center retrospective case series of AIS patients evaluated from 2015-June 2018 by our multidisciplinary cerebrovascular center. Patients were referred for neuropsychology evaluation routinely after identification of stroke. The test battery was determined at the discretion of the evaluating psychologist and administered per standard protocol. Aggregate results are presented with mean ± standard deviation. Medical records have been abstracted and correlated to lesion laterality, time elapsed since injury, and neurologic comorbidities including ADHD and epilepsy. Results: The CV center cares for 120 children with AIS. 38 children have undergone neuropsychological testing in the study interval (23 females, 15 males). Median age at evaluation is 12 years. The mean full scale IQ for this cohort is 81±18 scoring in the low average range compared to the healthy population. The cohort showed lowest performance in visual spatial index (83±15) and working memory (84±16). Verbal comprehension (89±18), fluid reasoning (87±13), and processing speed indices (85±16) showed minimally higher scores. Conclusion Children with stroke are at risk for cognitive deficits with visual spatial and working memory difficulties most prominent in our cohort. Appropriate therapeutic and educational resources should be directed to address cognitive deficits when identified. Clinician recognition of support needs in this population will facilitate timely referral for intervention. ER  - 
Prevalence and demographic characteristics of comorbid epilepsy in children and adolescents with cerebral palsy: a nationwide population-based study$$$ Introduction: The nationwide prevalence of cerebral palsy (CP) is unknown due to the lack of a population-based registration system for CP in Taiwan. This study was the largest nationwide, population-based, cross-sectional study to estimate the prevalence of CP, prevalence rates of comorbid epilepsy in patients with CP, and association with socioeconomic status (SES) in Taiwan. The crude prevalence rate and age- and gender-specific prevalence rates were estimated. Methods: A total of 8419 patients with CP were enrolled, and the estimated prevalence of CP was 1.76‰ in the pediatric population and 1.51‰ and 1.98‰ in girls and boys, respectively. The prevalence rate of epilepsy in patients with CP was 29.8%. Results: The result revealed a higher prevalence of CP and epileptic CP in members of families with lower insurance premiums than those with higher insurance premiums and those from East Taiwan compared with those from other areas of Taiwan. Moreover, a higher prevalence of CP is shown in rural area than urban area. Discussion: SES and geographic variables were significantly associated with the risk of epilepsy in children with CP. Patients with epileptic CP had a higher odds ratio of several neuropsychiatric diseases, including mental retardation, ophthalmologic problems, hearing impairment, and hydrocephalus. ER  - 
Readmission after seizure discharge in a nationally representative sample$$$ ObjectiveTo determine the 30-day readmission rate after seizure-related discharge in a nationally representative sample, as well as patient, clinical, and hospital characteristics associated with readmission.MethodsRetrospective cohort study of adults discharged alive from a nonelective hospitalization for epilepsy or seizure, sampled from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project's 2014 Nationwide Readmissions Database. Descriptive statistics and logistic regression models were built to quantify and characterize nonelective readmission within 30 days.ResultsA total of 139,800 admissions met inclusion criteria, of which 15,094 (10.8%) were readmitted within 30 days. Patient characteristics associated with readmission included comorbid disease burden (Elixhauser score 2: adjusted odds ratio [AOR] [95% confidence interval (CI)] 1.38 [1.21-1.57]; Elixhauser score 3: AOR 1.52 [1.34-1.73]; Elixhauser score >4: AOR 2.28 [2.01-2.58] as compared to 1) and participation in public insurance programs (Medicare: AOR 1.39 [1.26-1.54]; Medicaid: AOR 1.39 [1.26-1.54] as compared to private insurance). Adverse events (AOR 1.17 [1.05-1.30]) and prolonged length of stay, as well as nonroutine discharge (AOR 1.32 [1.23-1.42]), were also associated with increased adjusted odds of readmission. The most common primary reason for readmission was epilepsy or convulsion (17%).ConclusionsPatients hospitalized with seizure are frequently readmitted. While readmitted patients are more likely to have multiple medical comorbidities, our study demonstrated that inpatient adverse events were also significantly associated with readmission. The most common reason for readmission was seizure or epilepsy. Together, these 2 findings suggest that a proportion of readmissions are related to modifiable care process factors and may therefore be avoidable. Further study into understanding preventable drivers of readmission in this population presents an opportunity to improve patient outcomes and health. ER  - 
Medical cannabis patterns of use and substitution for opioids & other pharmaceutical drugs, alcohol, tobacco, and illicit substances$$$ Results from a cross-sectional survey of authorized patients; Background: A 239-question cross-sectional survey was sent out via email in January 2017 to gather comprehensive information on cannabis use from Canadian medical cannabis patients registered with a federally authorized licensed cannabis producer, resulting in 2032 complete surveys. Methods: The survey gathered detailed demographic data and comprehensive information on patient patterns of medical cannabis use, including questions assessing the self-reported impact of cannabis on the use of prescription drugs, illicit substances, alcohol, and tobacco. Results: Participants were 62.6% male (n = 1271) and 91% Caucasian (n = 1839). The mean age was 40 years old, and pain and mental health conditions accounted for 83.7% of all respondents (n = 1700). Then, 74.6% of respondents reported daily cannabis use (n = 1515) and mean amount used per day was 1.5 g. The most commonly cited substitution was for prescription drugs (69.1%, n = 953), followed by alcohol (44.5%, n = 515), tobacco (31.1%, n = 406), and illicit substances (26.6%, n = 136). Opioid medications accounted for 35.3% of all prescription drug substitution (n = 610), followed by antidepressants (21.5%, n = 371). Of the 610 mentions of specific opioid medications, patients report total cessation of use of 59.3% (n = 362). Conclusions: This study offers a unique perspective by focusing on the use of a standardized, government-regulated source of medical cannabis by patients registered in Canada's federal medical cannabis program. The findings provide a granular view of patient patterns of medical cannabis use, and the subsequent self-reported impacts on the use of opioids, alcohol, and other substances, adding to a growing body of academic research suggesting that increased regulated access to medical and recreational cannabis can result in a reduction in the use of and subsequent harms associated with opioids, alcohol, tobacco, and other substances. ER  - 
Isolated seizures are a common early feature of paraneoplastic anti-GABAB receptor encephalitis$$$ Objective: To report the clinical features and long-term outcome of 22 newly diagnosed paraneoplastic patients with GABAB receptor antibodies (GABABR-Abs). Methods: Retrospective clinical study of CSF-confirmed cases of GABABR-Abs encephalitis. Results: We identified 22 patients (4 female) with GABABR-Abs, with a median age of 64 years (range 55–85). All were paraneoplastic: 20 small-cell lung cancer, one malignant thymoma, and one uncharacterized lung mass. The most frequent first symptom was the isolated recurrent seizures without cognitive inter-ictal impairment in 17 patients (77%). In the other, three presented the first behavioral disorders and two presented de novo status epilepticus (SE). After a median delay of 10 days (range 1–30), the recurrent seizures’ phase was followed by an encephalitic phase characterized by confusion in 100% of cases and SE in 81% (n = 17), with 53% (n = 9) non-convulsive SE. Dysautonomic episodes were frequent (36%, n = 8, bradycardia and central apnea) and killed three patients. CSF study was abnormal in 95% of the cases (n = 21). At the encephalitic phase, MRI showed a temporal FLAIR hypersignal in 73% (n = 16) of the cases. First-line immunotherapy was initiated after a median delay of 26 days (range 6–65) from disease onset, and a partial response was observed in 10 out of 20 patients (50%). There was no complete response. Two years after onset, a massive anterograde amnesia affected all still alive patients. Nine patients died from cancer progression (median survival: 1.2 years). Conclusion: Paraneoplastic GABABR-Abs encephalitis is characterized by a stereotype presentation with an epilepsy phase before an encephalitic phase with dysautonomia. The functional prognosis is poor. ER  - 
Effects of fluoxetine on functional outcomes after acute stroke (FOCUS): a pragmatic, double-blind, randomised, controlled trial$$$ Background: Results of small trials indicate that fluoxetine might improve functional outcomes after stroke. The FOCUS trial aimed to provide a precise estimate of these effects. Methods: FOCUS was a pragmatic, multicentre, parallel group, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial done at 103 hospitals in the UK. Patients were eligible if they were aged 18 years or older, had a clinical stroke diagnosis, were enrolled and randomly assigned between 2 days and 15 days after onset, and had focal neurological deficits. Patients were randomly allocated fluoxetine 20 mg or matching placebo orally once daily for 6 months via a web-based system by use of a minimisation algorithm. The primary outcome was functional status, measured with the modified Rankin Scale (mRS), at 6 months. Patients, carers, health-care staff, and the trial team were masked to treatment allocation. Functional status was assessed at 6 months and 12 months after randomisation. Patients were analysed according to their treatment allocation. This trial is registered with the ISRCTN registry, number ISRCTN83290762. Findings: Between Sept 10, 2012, and March 31, 2017, 3127 patients were recruited. 1564 patients were allocated fluoxetine and 1563 allocated placebo. mRS data at 6 months were available for 1553 (99·3%) patients in each treatment group. The distribution across mRS categories at 6 months was similar in the fluoxetine and placebo groups (common odds ratio adjusted for minimisation variables 0·951 [95% CI 0·839–1·079]; p=0·439). Patients allocated fluoxetine were less likely than those allocated placebo to develop new depression by 6 months (210 [13·43%] patients vs 269 [17·21%]; difference 3·78% [95% CI 1·26–6·30]; p=0·0033), but they had more bone fractures (45 [2·88%] vs 23 [1·47%]; difference 1·41% [95% CI 0·38–2·43]; p=0·0070). There were no significant differences in any other event at 6 or 12 months. Interpretation: Fluoxetine 20 mg given daily for 6 months after acute stroke does not seem to improve functional outcomes. Although the treatment reduced the occurrence of depression, it increased the frequency of bone fractures. These results do not support the routine use of fluoxetine either for the prevention of post-stroke depression or to promote recovery of function. Funding: UK Stroke Association and NIHR Health Technology Assessment Programme. ER  - 
Factors underlying the development of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy in autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Purpose: Limbic encephalitis (LE) is an autoimmune condition characterized by amnestic syndrome, psychiatric features and seizures. Early diagnosis and prompt treatment are crucial to avoid long-term sequelae, including psycho-cognitive deficits and persisting seizures. The aim of our study was to analyze the characteristics of 33 LE patients in order to identify possible prognostic factors associated with the development of chronic epilepsy. Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study including adult patients diagnosed with LE in the period 2010–2017 and followed up for ≥12 months. Demographics, seizure semiology, EEG pattern, MRI features, CSF/serum findings were reviewed. Results: All 33 LE patients (19 M/14F, mean age 61.2 years) presented seizures. Thirty subjects had memory deficits; 22 presented behavioural/mood disorders. Serum and/or CSF auto-antibodies were detected in 12 patients. In 31 subjects brain MRI at onset showed typical alterations involving temporal lobes. All patients received immunotherapy. At follow-up, 13/33 had developed chronic epilepsy; predisposing factors included delay in diagnosis (p =.009), low seizure frequency at onset (p =.02), absence of amnestic syndrome (p =.02) and absence/rarity of inter-ictal epileptic discharges on EEG (p =.06). Conclusions: LE with paucisymptomatic electro-clinical presentation seemed to be associated to chronic epilepsy more than LE presenting with definite and severe “limbic syndrome”. ER  - 
Targeting optimal time for hyperbaric oxygen therapy following carbon monoxide poisoning for prevention of delayed neuropsychiatric sequelae: A retrospective study$$$ Objectives: Delayed neuropsychiatric sequelae (DNS) are serious complications of carbon monoxide poisoning; neuropsychiatric disorders can occur within a few days of recovery from acute poisoning. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) has been the main treatment of carbon monoxide (CO) poisoning and was recommended as the treatment choice for CO poisoning by the American Undersea and Hyperbaric Medical Society and the Tenth European Consensus Conference on Hyperbaric Medicine of the European Underwater and Baromedical Society. However, the optimal timing for commencing HBOT in patients with CO poisoning remains unknown. We therefore conducted a retrospective study in an attempt to target the optimal time of HBOT for DNS prevention. Methods: A retrospective review of patient files/medical records was conducted on all patients with CO poisoning admitted to the Emergency Department of Linkou Chang-Gung Memorial Hospital, Taiwan between January 1, 2009 and December 31, 2015. A total of 279 patients who received HBOT were eligible for further DNS detection. DNS was defined as the presence of one of the following neurological, cognitive, or psychological sequelae that were documented in the medical record during hospital stay or outpatient clinic follow-up for at least 6 months. A multivariable logistic regression analysis was employed to identify potential determinants of DNS after receiving HBOT for CO poisoning. A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was used to analyse the influence of duration from CO exposure to HBOT on DNS development. Results: A Glasgow coma score of <9 (odds ratio [OR], 3.20; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.19–8.60) and a longer duration from CO exposure to HBOT (OR, 1.06; 95% CI, 1.03–1.09) were associated with a higher risk of DNS. By contrast, the presence of multiple victims from the same incident was associated with a lower risk of DNS. The ROC curve for the duration between CO exposure and HBOT in predicting DNS development demonstrated an area under the curve of 0.638 (95% CI, 0.575–0.698). The optimal cut-off point according to the Youden index was 22.5 h, with a sensitivity of 41.7% and a specificity of 85.9%. We also stratified the duration from CO exposure to HBOT into 5 intervals (< 6 h, 6–11 h, 12–23 h, 24–47 h and ≥ 48 h) and revealed a trend of increasing DNS risk with time. Conclusions: We identified several potential predictors of DNS in patients with CO poisoning who received HBOT. Multivariable logistic regressions further revealed that longer duration from CO exposure to HBOT, loss of consciousness, and the presence of multiple victims were independent predictors of DNS development. HBOT should be performed as early as possible and preferably within 22.5 h after CO poisoning. ER  - 
Prevalence of Psychotropic Medicine Use in Australian Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Drug Utilization Study Based on Children Enrolled in the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children$$$ Based on data from the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children linked with pharmacy dispensing data from the Australian Government’s Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme, we calculated the 1-year prevalence of psychotropic medicine supply in children and adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) as reported by parents in 2014. The majority of children and adolescents with ASD in Australia were not treated with psychotropic medicine. One-third had claims for at least one psychotropic medication, most commonly medications for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and antidepressants. Antipsychotics were supplied to less than one in twenty children and approximately one in ten adolescents. In line with findings from North America, psychotropic medicine was more often supplied to children and adolescents with ASD and comorbid ADHD. ER  - 
Sleep-disordered breathing among patients admitted for inpatient video-EEG monitoring$$$ ObjectiveTo examine the prevalence and risk factors of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) in individuals with epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES).MethodsWe conducted a cross-sectional study of consecutive patients admitted for inpatient video-EEG monitoring at The Royal Melbourne Hospital, Australia, between December 1, 2011, and July 31, 2017. Participants underwent routine clinical investigations during their monitoring period including polysomnography, neurocognitive testing, and screening instruments of daytime somnolence, sleep quality, and quality of life.ResultsOur study population consisted of 370 participants who received a diagnosis of epilepsy (n = 255), PNES (n = 93), or both disorders (n = 22). Moderate to severe SDB (defined by an apnea-hypopnea index ≥15) was observed in 26.5% (98/370) of individuals, and did not differ across subgroups: epilepsy 26.3% (67/255), PNES 29.0% (27/93), or both disorders 18.2% (4/22; p = 0.610). Following adjustment for confounders, pathologic daytime sleepiness predicted moderate to severe SDB in epilepsy (odds ratio [OR] 10.35, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.09-51.39; p = 0.004). In multivariable analysis, independent predictors for moderate to severe SDB in epilepsy were older age (OR 1.07, 95% CI 1.04-1.10; p < 0.001) and higher body mass index (OR 1.06, 95% CI 1.01-1.11; p = 0.029), and in PNES older age (OR 1.10, 95% CI 1.03-1.16; p = 0.002).ConclusionPolysomnography during inpatient video-EEG monitoring identified a substantial number of patients with undiagnosed SDB. This was remarkable in the subgroup with PNES, who were often female and obese. Identification of risk factors may improve management of SDB in these populations. The association with pathologic daytime sleepiness suggests that SDB may be an important contributor to these common and disabling symptoms in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
The profile of deliberate self-poisoning cases presenting at the emergency department of Pelonomi Regional Hospital, Bloemfontein$$$ Background: A common method engaged in suicide is deliberate self-poisoning (DSP). Substances implicated in DSP include prescription and over-the-counter medicines, drugs, household chemicals, agrochemicals and herbal mixtures. Few studies have been conducted on DSP in South Africa, despite its occurrence and high management cost. This study aimed to determine the profile of patients treated for DSP at the emergency department of Pelonomi Regional Hospital, Bloemfontein, between January 2010 and July 2011. A profile of DSP cases will allow practitioners in this region to be aware of the magnitude, causes and common substances used, which will enable them to plan and execute an adequate management protocol to reduce mortality. Methods: This was a retrospective, descriptive study. All DSP patients treated during the 18-month study period were identified from the emergency department register. The clinical files of these patients were reviewed and relevant information captured. Results: In total, 260 DSP patients presented at the emergency department. Files for 212 (81.5%) patients had sufficient information and were included in the study. Two-thirds (66.0%, n = 140) of the patients were female and the highest percentage was in the age group 20–29 years (44.8%, n = 94). Most patients were black (81.1%, n = 150). Most resided in areas associated with low socioeconomic status, including informal settlements, farms and townships. The highest percentage of patients took paracetamol (21.7%, n = 46), while 19.3% (n = 41) ingested household chemicals and 9.9% (n = 21) antiretroviral medication. Only 81 of the 212 patient files had the reason for the DSP captured. Of these, half (49.4%) reported troubled relationships. Conclusion: This study showed that DSP mostly occurred among females in the age group 20–29 years. Most of the patients resided in areas with poor socioeconomic status, and faced relationship, marital, employment and other psycho-socioeconomic problems. ER  - 
Population-based study of risk of AKI with levetiracetam$$$ Background and objectives Regulatory agencies warn about the risk of AKI with levetiracetam use on the basis of information from case reports. We conducted this study to determine whether new levetiracetam use versus nonuse is associated with a higher risk of AKI. Design, setting, participants, & measurements This was a population-based retrospective cohort study of adults with epilepsy in Ontario, Canada. Patients who received a new outpatient prescription for levetiracetam between January 1, 2004 and March 1, 2017 were matched to two nonusers on stage of CKD, recorded seizure in the prior 90 days, and logit of a propensity score for levetiracetam use. The primary outcome was a hospital encounter (emergency department visit or hospitalization) with AKI within 30 days of cohort entry. Secondary outcomes were AKI within 180 days and change in the concentration of serum creatinine. We assessed the primary outcome using health care diagnosis codes. We evaluated the change in the concentration of serum creatinine in a subpopulation with laboratory measurements. Results We matched 3980 levetiracetam users to 7960 nonusers (mean age 55 years, 51% women). Levetiracetam use was not significantly associated with a higher risk of AKI within 30 days (13 [0.33%] events in levetiracetam users and 21 [0.26%] events in nonusers [odds ratio, 1.24; 95% confidence interval, 0.62 to 2.47]). Similarly, there was no significant association with AKI within 180 days (odds ratio, 0.70; 95% confidence interval, 0.43 to 1.13). The change in the concentration of serum creatinine did not significantly differ between levetiracetam users and nonusers. Conclusions In this population-based study levetiracetam use was not associated with a higher risk of AKI. ER  - 
Participation profiles in domestic life and peer relations as experienced by adolescents with and without impairments and long-term health conditions$$$ Purpose: To investigate how individual and environmental factors relate to self-reported participation profiles in adolescents with and without impairments or long-term health conditions. Methods: A person-oriented approach (hierarchical cluster analysis) was used to identify cluster groups of individuals sharing participation patterns in the outcome variables frequency perceived importance in domestic life and peer relations. Cluster groups were compared using one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA). Results: A nine-cluster solution was chosen. All clusters included adolescents with impairment and long-term health conditions. Perceived importance of peer relations was more important than frequent attendance in domestic-life activities. Frequency of participation in dialogues and family interaction patterns seemed to affect the participation profiles more than factors related to body functions. Conclusion: Type of impairment or long-term health condition is a weaker determinant of membership in clusters depicting frequency and perceived importance in domestic life or peer relations than dialogue and family environment. ER  - 
Evaluation of long-term safety, tolerability, and behavioral outcomes with adjunctive rufinamide in pediatric patients (≥1 to <4 years old) with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: Final results from randomized study 303$$$ Objective: Evaluate the long-term safety, tolerability, and behavioral effects of adjunctive rufinamide in pediatric patients (≥1 to <4 years old) with inadequately controlled seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS). Methods: Study 303 (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01405053) was a multicenter, randomized, open-label, Phase III trial. Patients were randomized (2:1) to oral suspension rufinamide (≤45 mg/kg/day) or any other investigator-chosen antiepileptic drug (AED) for a 2-year treatment period. Primary safety/tolerability assessments included monitoring of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and serious TEAEs. Behavioral effects were assessed via the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL) using the Total Problems score and change from baseline in CBCL Total Problems score. CBCL subscores were also evaluated. Results: The Safety Analysis Set included 37 patients (rufinamide: n = 25; any other AED: n = 12). TEAE incidence was similar between the rufinamide (88.0%) and any-other-AED groups (83.3%); serious TEAE incidence was also similar between treatment groups (40.0% and 41.7%, respectively). Between treatment groups, the difference in the least squares mean CBCL Total Problems score across time was not significant (p = 0.7083), behavior outcomes were similar across all endpoints, and there were no consistent trends in CBCL subscores. Significance: Long-term (2 years) adjunctive rufinamide was well tolerated in pediatric patients with LGS. Behavioral outcomes were comparable between the rufinamide and any-other-AED groups, however the small sample size and difficulties assessing behavior in this population should be noted. The challenges of this study raise the issue of revising how studies in very young children with rare and complex epilepsies are performed. ER  - 
Do comorbidities among patients with mental retardation differ across various age groups?$$$ Distribution of comorbidities in patients with mental retardation or intellectual disabilities (MR/ID) across various age groups is not recognized adequately. Data from 426 patients diagnosed with MR/ID was collected out of 546 samples referred for intelligence assessment. 42.3% had psychiatric comorbidities. The prevalence ratio of psychiatric comorbidity associated with MR/ID was 2.11. Frequency of comorbidities in the order of occurrence was “behavioral impairment > Epilepsy > autism/ADHD” for age-groups 10years and below, and “behavioral impairment > Epilepsy > depression/anxiety” for age-groups 11years and above. We conclude that irrespective of age distribution, behavioral impairment followed by epilepsy are found to be the most common comorbidities. ER  - 
Prevalence of psychiatric disorders in Thai patients with epilepsy$$$ Background: Many studies have shown that the prevalence of psychiatric disorders in patients with epilepsy (PWE) appears higher than that in general population. However, most epidemiological studies regarding psychiatric comorbidities among PWE were conducted in Western countries. This work aimed to determine the prevalence of psychiatric disorders in Thai PWE, including potential variables that could be associated with psychiatric disorders. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted at Ramathibodi Hospital. A total of 170 patients (aged 18 years or older) diagnosed as having epilepsy by a neurologist were recruited at the outpatient neurology clinic. Demographic and clinical characteristics were collected. Participants were evaluated for any psychiatric disorders according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition, using a structured diagnostic interview. The prevalence of psychiatric disorders was determined. The associations between potential variables and the presence of psychiatric disorders in PWE were analyzed using chi-square or Fisher's exact tests, t-test, and logistic regression. Results: Among 170 patients, 43 (25.3%) fulfilled diagnostic criteria for one or more psychiatric disorders. The prevalence of depressive disorders was shown to be highest at 17.1%, followed by psychotic disorders (8.2%), bipolar disorder (7.1%), anxiety disorders (5.3%), and obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) (2.9%). Electroencephalogram (EEG) abnormalities in the temporal lobe was found to be a significant predictor of having psychiatric disorders in PWE (adjusted odds ratio (OR): 4.01, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.47–10.92, P-value = 0.007). Conclusions: The prevalence of psychiatric disorders among Thai PWE was higher than that in general population. Screening for psychiatric disorders in PWE is recommended, especially among those who have EEG abnormalities in the temporal lobe. ER  - 
Mental Health Conditions and Health Care Payments for Children with Chronic Medical Conditions$$$ Objective: To estimate additional payments associated with co-existing mental health or substance use disorders (MH/SUDs) among commercially insured children and youth with chronic medical conditions (CMCs) and to determine whether children's MH/SUDs have similar associations with parental health care payments. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of a national database of paid commercial insurance claims for 2012–2013. Participants were children and youth ages 0 to 26 years covered as dependents on parents’ health insurance and categorized by the presence or absence of any of 11 chronic medical conditions and MH/SUDs. We determined the numbers of children and youth with CMCs and paid health care claims categorized as hospital, professional, and pharmacy services and as medical or behavioral. We compared paid claims for children and youth with CMCs with and without co-occurring MH/SUDs and for their parents. Results: The sample included almost 6.6 million children and youth and 5.8 million parents. Compared to children without CMCs, children with CMCs had higher costs, even higher for children with CMCs who also had MH/SUDs. Children with CMCs and co-occurring MH/SUDs had 2.4 times the annual payments of those with chronic conditions alone, especially for medical expenses. Estimated additional annual payments associated with MH/SUDs in children with CMCs were $8.8 billion. Parents of children with CMCs and associated MH/SUDs had payments 59% higher than those for parents of children with CMCs alone. Conclusions: MH/SUDs in children and youth with CMCs are associated with higher total health care payments for both patients and their parents, suggesting potential benefits from preventing or reducing the impact of MH/SUDs among children and youth with CMCs. ER  - 
Electro convulsive therapy: Modification of its effect on the autonomic nervous system using anti-cholinergic drugs$$$ The antidepressant efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is correlated to the quality of the seizure as measured by EEG but has also been linked to the magnitude of changes in hemodynamic variables. Muscarinic receptor antagonists are frequently used in the treatment, and are known to affect the hemodynamic response. We hypothesized that atropine and glycopyrrolate alter the hemodynamic and autonomic hormonal response to ECT. In a randomized, cross-over study design 23 patients received either atropine, glycopyrrolate or placebo before ECT. Hemodynamic variable, EEG and EMG, and blood adrenaline, noradrenaline and pancreatic polypeptide was determined. No geriatric patients were included. Hemodynamic changes with ECT can be divided into three phases: Drop in blood pressure and pulse rate in 1st post-stimulus phase was less when using 1 mg atropine. In 2nd post-stimulus phase atropine gave a higher systolic blood pressure. No differences were seen in hormone levels after ECT in the three interventions. A significant longer tonic clonic seizure was seen in the glycopyrrolate group and a tendency of the same was seen with atropine. The study found that the changes in hemodynamic variables induced by ECT can be altered by concomitant administration of muscarinic receptor antagonist. ER  - 
Humble beginnings with big goals: Small molecule soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibitors for treating CNS disorders$$$ Soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) degrades epoxides of fatty acids including epoxyeicosatrienoic acid isomers (EETs), which are produced as metabolites of the cytochrome P450 branch of the arachidonic acid pathway. EETs exert a variety of largely beneficial effects in the context of inflammation and vascular regulation. sEH inhibition is shown to be therapeutic in several cardiovascular and renal disorders, as well as in peripheral analgesia, via the increased availability of anti-inflammatory EETs. The success of sEH inhibitors in peripheral systems suggests their potential in targeting inflammation in the central nervous system (CNS) disorders. Here, we describe the current roles of sEH in the pathology and treatment of CNS disorders such as stroke, traumatic brain injury, Parkinson's disease, epilepsy, cognitive impairment, dementia and depression. In view of the robust anti-inflammatory effects of stem cells, we also outlined the potency of stem cell treatment and sEH inhibitors as a combination therapy for these CNS disorders. This review highlights the gaps in current knowledge about the pathologic and therapeutic roles of sEH in CNS disorders, which should guide future basic science research towards translational and clinical applications of sEH inhibitors for treatment of neurological diseases. ER  - 
Negative, but not positive, religious coping strategies are associated with psychological distress, independent of religiosity, in Korean adults with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Religion can be important in the everyday lives of persons with epilepsy (PWE). However, there is little research on religion, as it relates to individuals with epilepsy. We determined a relationship between religious coping strategies and psychological distress in Korean adults with epilepsy who had a religious affiliation. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in outpatient clinics. Religiosity and religious coping strategies were assessed using the Duke University Religion Index (DUREL) and the Brief Religious Coping Scale (B-RCOPE). Psychological distress was measured using the Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS). Univariate and multivariate linear regression analyses were performed. Results: A total of 88 participants were included. Positive religious coping strategies were more likely utilized than negative religious coping (p < 001). Religiosity was positively correlated with positive coping (r = 0.439, p < 0.001) but was not correlated with negative coping. Negative coping was significantly related to higher levels of anxiety (β = 0.237, standard error (SE) = 0.107, p < 0.05) and depressive symptoms (β = 0.260, SE = 0.095, p < 0.01), after controlling for religiosity and other confounding factors. However, positive coping was not related to anxiety and depressive symptoms. The two types of coping strategies were positively related to each other (r = 0.304, p < 0.01). Conclusions: We found significant positive associations between negative religious coping and anxiety and depressive symptoms in PWE. Positive religious coping was not related to anxiety and depressive symptoms. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in children and adolescents: An international cross-cultural study$$$ Purpose: We compared various clinical characteristics of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) between young patients from Iran, Saudi Arabia, and Canada, three nations with significantly different socioeconomic and demographic characteristics. This international cross-cultural comparative study may advance our knowledge and understanding of PNES in children and adolescents across the cultures and borders. Methods: In this retrospective study, we investigated all patients 16 years of age or younger, with PNES admitted to the epilepsy monitoring units at one center in Iran, one center in Saudi Arabia, and one center in Canada. Age, gender, age at seizure onset, seizure semiology, seizure frequency, factors potentially predisposing to PNES, and video-electroencephalography (EEG) recording of all patients were registered routinely and compared between the nations. Results: Fifty-one patients were studied (22 from Iran, 14 from Saudi Arabia, and 15 from Canada). Age at the diagnosis was 13.4 ± 2.2 years (range: 8–16 years), and age at the onset of seizures was 12.3 ± 2.7 years (range: 5–16 years). Demographic and clinical characteristics of and associated factors in the patients among the three nations were not significantly different. Twenty-six (51%) patients were taking antiepileptic drugs at the time of diagnosis; the difference was not statistically significant between the nations (13 patients in Iran, 6 in Saudi Arabia, and 7 patients in Canada; P = 0.5). Conclusion: Young patients with PNES across borders and between cultures share more similarities than differences with regard to their demographic and clinical characteristics. ER  - 
Incidence of epilepsy and associated factors in elderly patients in Germany$$$ Aims: Little is known about the recent epidemiology of epilepsy in the elderly in Germany. Therefore, the goal of this study was to analyze the incidence of epilepsy and associated factors in elderly patients followed in general practices in this country. Methods: The incidence of epilepsy was estimated using data from all patients aged ≥ 60 years who were followed in 1203 general practices in Germany in 2017 (IQVIA Disease Analyzer database). The association between predefined variables and epilepsy was further studied using a case–control design (n = 4690 matched pairs). Cases were patients aged ≥ 60 years who had received a first diagnosis of epilepsy in general practices between 2015 and 2017 (index date). Controls without epilepsy were matched (1:1) to cases by age, gender, index year, and physician. Results: The incidence of epilepsy was 157 per 100,000 elderly persons. This incidence increased with age (92 per 100,000 persons in patients aged 60–65 years versus 311 in those aged > 90 years) and was higher in men (166) than in women (150). The three disorders that had the strongest association with epilepsy were subarachnoid, intracerebral or intracranial hemorrhage (odds ratio [OR] = 3.31), stroke, including transient ischemic attack (OR = 2.32), and mental and behavioral disorders due to use of alcohol (OR = 2.20). In addition, there was a positive association between atypical neuroleptics and epilepsy (OR = 2.40). Conclusions: The incidence of epilepsy was high and increased with age in elderly patients followed in general practices in Germany. Addressing identified risk factors may help reduce the risk of developing epilepsy. ER  - 
De novo temporal intermittent rhythmic delta activity after laser interstitial thermal therapy for mesial temporal lobe epilepsy predicts poor seizure outcome$$$ Objective: To evaluate EEG abnormalities, particularly development of temporal intermittent rhythmic delta activity (TIRDA) after laser interstitial thermal therapy (LITT) and assess the role of further surgery after LITT. Methods: We retrospectively identified consecutive cases of LITT for the prevalence of post-operative TIRDA. We assessed baseline demographics, clinical variables including age of seizure onset, age at surgery, pre-operative and post-operative EEG changes. Results: 40 patients underwent LITT for drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE), 29 met inclusion criteria. Median duration of follow-up was 15 months. Ten patients had post-LITT ipsilateral TIRDA, another two demonstrated post-operative TIRDA but they occurred contralateral to the side of ablation. None of the patients with TIRDA on their post-LITT EEG became seizure-free. Six out of 29 patients (21%) eventually required anterior temporal lobectomy (ATL), and of those 6 patients 4 (66%) had evidence of TIRDA on their post-LITT follow up EEG. The sensitivity and specificity of post-LITT TIRDA in predicting surgical failure was 57.14% and 100% respectively. Conclusions: Post-LITT TIRDA may serve as a biomarker to predict unsuccessful seizure outcome following LITT and be an early indicator for ATL. Significance: The presence of TIRDA following LITT should prompt early consideration for reoperation. ER  - 
Risk factors for the use of antiepileptic drugs in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to investigate the frequency of antiepileptic drug (AED) use in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and to characterize the patients’ historical risk factors that may be associated with such a practice. Methods: In this retrospective database study, all patients with PNES, who were investigated at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, from 2008 to 2018, were studied. Patients with concomitant epilepsy or abnormal Electroencephalogram (EEG) were not included. Results: Two hundred and seventy patients had the inclusion criteria; 162 patients (60%) were taking AEDs, and 108 (40%) were not taking any AEDs at the time of the diagnosis. Reporting auras (odds ratio: 0.5; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.301–0.952; p = 0.03), having ictal or postictal urinary incontinence (odds ratio: 3.86; 95% CI: 1.36–10.94; p = 0.01), reporting a dysfunctional family (odds ratio: 1.75; 95% CI: 1.002–3.072; p = 0.04), and a longer duration of the condition before the diagnosis (odds ratio: 1.057; 95% CI: 1.005–1.112; p = 0.03) were significantly associated with AED use; 63.7% of the cases were correctly predicted by the model that was generated by regression analysis (p = 0.0001). Conclusions: Patients with PNES are at great risk of receiving unnecessary AEDs, and some patients’ historical factors (e.g., urine incontinence) have a strong association with this practice. ER  - 
Psychosocial complications in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy$$$ Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME) constitutes about 10% of all epilepsies. Because of executive dysfunction, people with JME may be prone to impulsivity and risk-taking behavior. Our aim was to investigate whether psychosocial issues associated with impulsivity are more prominent in people with JME than in those with other types of genetic generalized epilepsy (GGE). Patients with GGE were recruited retrospectively through the Drammen Hospital records in Buskerud County, Norway, 1999–2013. They were invited to a semi-structured interview, either at the hospital or at home. Ninety-two patients with JME and 45 with other types of GGE were interviewed. Variables were evaluated in terms of their association with JME versus other GGE diagnosis using a logistic regression model. Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy was associated with use of illicit recreational drugs and police charges, although with borderline significance (odds ratio [OR] 3.4, p = 0.087 and OR 4.2, p = 0.095); JME was also associated with being examined for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in females (OR 15.5, p = 0.015), a biological parent with challenges like addiction or violent behavior (OR 3.5, p = 0.032), and use of levetiracetam (OR 5.1, p = 0.014). After controlling for group differences, we found psychosocial complications to be associated with JME, potentially influencing the lives of the individuals and their families to a greater extent than the seizures per se. Thus, JME should be considered a disorder of the brain in a broader sense than a condition with seizures only. ER  - 
Brivaracetam in adults with drug-resistant epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities$$$ This is a case series of 25 patients with drug-resistant epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities who started on brivaracetam (BRV) at St George's University Hospitals and Frimley Health in London. Median BRV dose was 150 mg for a median follow-up period of 8 months. Twenty had focal epilepsy, four had generalized epilepsies, and one had unclassified epilepsy; 76% had mood disorders (either depression or bipolar disorder), 12% intellectual disabilities with autism spectrum disorder and challenging behavior, and 12% psychoses. Forty percent of patients presented at least 50% seizure reduction, but none of them became seizure-free. A total of 44% of patients discontinued BRV, 20% because of adverse events, 20% because of inefficacy, and 4% because of both. Depression was reported by 8%, aggressive behavior by 8%, while 4% reported both. A total of 91.6% had received levetiracetam (LEV) before, in whom LEV was discontinued because of psychiatric adverse events (PAEs) in half. Seventy-seven percent of patients who developed PAEs with LEV did not do so on BRV suggesting that BRV is better tolerated than LEV in complex patients with psychiatric comorbidities and that the synaptic vesicle glycoprotein 2A (SV2A) protein modulation is unlikely to be implicated in LEV-related PAEs. ER  - 
Behavior problems and health-related quality of life in Dravet syndrome$$$ Objective: Behavior problems in Dravet syndrome (DS) are common and can impact the lives of patients tremendously. The current study aimed to give more insight into (1) the prevalence of a wide range of specific behavior difficulties and aspects of health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in patients with DS compared with the general population (gp) and patients with epilepsy without DS, (2) the relations between these behavior problems and different aspects of HRQoL, and (3) the associations between seizure frequency, cognitive impairment (CI), behavior problems, and HRQoL, based on a conceptual model. Methods: One hundred and sixteen patients (aged between 2 and 67 years), affected by SCN1A-related seizures, were included in the study. Eighty-five were patients with DS, 31 were patients with epilepsy without DS. Behavior problems were measured using the Child/Adult Behavior Checklist (C/ABCL), HRQoL was measured using the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL) Measurement Model. Other characteristics were obtained by clinical assessments, medical records, and semi-structured telephone interviews with parents. Comparisons between patients with DS, patients without DS, and the gp were calculated by the exact goodness of fit χ2 analyses, relations between subscales were analyzed using Pearson's correlations, and the conceptual model was tested in a path analysis. Results: (1) Patients with DS show significantly more behavior problems compared with the gp and patients with epilepsy without DS. A total of 56.5% of patients with DS scored in the borderline and clinical ranges for total behavior problems. Problems with attention were most prevalent; 62.3% of patients with DS scored in the borderline and clinical ranges. Health-related quality of life was significantly lower for patients with DS compared with the gp and patients without DS. Physical and social functioning scores were especially low and decreased even more in the older age categories. (2) Problems with attention, aggression, and withdrawn behavior were most related to social functioning. Somatic problems and anxiety/depression were most related to emotional functioning. (3) Cognitive impairment and behavior problems were both independent predictors of poorer HRQoL in patients with DS, with behavior problems being the strongest predictor. Seizure frequency was only indirectly related to HRQoL, mediated by cognitive impairment. Implications: The high prevalence of behavior problems in DS and the significant impact on quality of life (QoL), independent of epilepsy-related factors, emphasize the need for active management and treatment of these problems and should be considered as part of the management plan. ER  - 
Education in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to investigate any possible association between education and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and any potential effects education might have on clinical characteristics of patients with PNES. Methods: In this retrospective study, all patients with PNES, who were studied at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, from 2008 until 2018, were recruited. We categorized the patients as 1. Less than 6 years of education; 2. With some college education. Results: Sixty-two patients (19%) had some college education and 38 patients (12%) had less than 6 years of education [22 patients (6.8%) were illiterate]. Age at onset of PNES was earlier in those with some college education (p = 0.0001) and they more often reported a history of sexual abuse (p = 0.02). Other demographic variables, seizure-related variables, PNES associated factors, and use of antiepileptic drugs were not significantly associated with education in the patients (all p values were > 0.05). Conclusions: It seems that the level of education has no significant effects on the clinical picture of PNES (other than its association with age at onset and history of sex abuse). While the above observations are important, they should be investigated in cross-cultural comparisons in future studies to depict a full picture of PNES related factors across borders and cultures. ER  - 
A systematic study of stereotypy in epileptic seizures versus psychogenic seizure-like events$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to quantify the features of stereotypy in epileptic seizures and compare it with that of stereotypy in psychogenic nonepileptic seizure-like events (PNES) confirmed by video-electroencephalography (VEEG) monitoring. Methods: Video-electroencephalography monitoring records of 20 patients with temporal lobe seizures (TLS) and 20 with PNES were retrospectively reviewed (n = 138 seizures, 48 TLS and 90 PNES). We analyzed the semiology of 59 behaviors of interest for their presence, duration, sequence, and continuity using quantified measures that were entered into statistical analysis. Results: We identified discontinuity as the parameter that was clearly distinct between PNES and epileptic TLS events: there were significantly more frequent pauses of behavior (i.e., “on–off” pattern) in PNES compared with TLS (P = 0.012). The frequency of pauses during an event was diagnostic of PNES events. For instance, the presence of 2 “pauses” during an episode determines a 69% probability of the seizure being nonepileptic. Moreover, PNES events had significantly greater duration (143 s) than TLS events (68 s) (excluding outliers, P = 0.002) and greater duration variability from one event to another in the same subject (P = 0.005). Significance: Our work provides the first quantified measure of behavioral semiology during epileptic and nonepileptic seizures and offers novel behavioral measures to differentiate them from each other. ER  - 
840: Influence of depression on neonatal outcomes$$$ Objective: We sought to determine the differences in pregnancy outcomes in patients with pre-existing major depressive disorder compared to unaffected women. Study Design: A retrospective cohort study comparing the rate of neonatal outcomes among singleton, non- anomalous births in California to women with or without the diagnosis of depression between 2007 and 2011. Neonatal outcomes of interest included preterm delivery (divided into <37, <34 and <32 weeks gestational age), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), neonatal jaundice, neonatal hypoglycemia, neonatal seizures, and neonatal death (NND). Multivariate regression analyses and chi-square tests were employed for statistical comparisons and a p-value of less than 0.05 was used to indicate statistical significance. Results: Of the 2,214,533 births in California, 18,775 (0.85%) women were diagnosed with depression. Depression was significantly associated with an increased risk of neonatal morbidity and mortality, including preterm delivery at <37, <34, and <32 weeks gestational age (Adjusted Odds Ratio [aOR] 1.33, 95% CI 1.27-1.39; 1.43, 95% CI 1.34-1.52; 1.27, 95% CI 1.17-1.38 respectively), RDS (aOR 1.38, 95% CI 1.27-1.49), neonatal seizures (aOR 2.69, 95% CI 1.89-3.81), jaundice (aOR 1.16, 95% CI 1.12-1.20), hypoglycemia (aOR 1.39, 95% CI 1.21-1.59), and NND (aOR 1.66, 1.14-2.42) (Table 1, Figure 1). Conclusion: Women with depression are at increased risk for adverse neonatal outcomes in pregnancy. The influence of pharmacologic and behavioral based interventions on these outcomes need to be explored. [Figure presented] [Figure presented] ER  - 
703: Racial disparities in neonatal outcomes among pregnant women with major depressive disorder$$$ Objective: We sought to determine the differences in neonatal outcomes in pregnancies among white, black, Hispanic, Asian/Pacific Islander, and Native American women with major depressive disorder (MDD). Study Design: A retrospective cohort of 18,453 women with MDD and singleton, non-anomalous gestations was used to examine neonatal outcomes, assessed according to race. Neonatal outcomes included preterm birth (divided into <37, <34 and <32 weeks gestational age), jaundice, neonatal seizures (NS), and respiratory distress syndrome (RDS). Multivariate regression analyses and chi-square tests were employed for statistical comparisons and a p-value of less than 0.05 was used to indicate statistical significance. Results: Overall, race was associated with a statistically significant increase in the majority of investigated outcomes. Compared to neonates of white women, and after controlling for confounders, neonates from black women with MDD were more likely to be delivered preterm before 37 weeks (odds ratio [OR] 1.36; 95% confidence interval [95%CI] 1.15-1.62), 34 weeks (OR 1.28; 95%CI 1.00-1.64), and 32 weeks (OR 1.73; 95%CI 1.29-2.32), and less likely to experience jaundice (OR 0.80; 95%CI 0.67-0.95) Neonates from Hispanic women with MDD were more likely to be delivered preterm at 37 weeks (OR 1.15; 95%CI 1.04-1.27), 34 weeks (OR 1.21; 95%CI 1.04-1.39), and 32 weeks (OR 1.48; 95%CI 1.24-1.78), and were less likely to experience RDS (OR 0.75; 95%CI 0.62-0.91). Neonates from Asian/Pacific Islander women with MDD had higher rates of jaundice (OR 1.57; 95%CI 1.35-1.83). Conclusion: Neonates of non-white women with MDD experience higher rates of complications than those of white women, with specific complications and rates varying across races. These data may suggest disparities exist in management of pregnant women with MDD across different races. [Figure presented] ER  - 
Socioeconomic Status, Race/Ethnicity, and Health Disparities in Children and Adolescents in a Mixed Rural-Urban Community—Olmsted County, Minnesota$$$ Objective: To characterize disparities in childhood health outcomes by socioeconomic status (SES) and race/ethnicity in a mixed rural-urban US community. Methods: This was a retrospective population-based study of children 18 years and younger residing in Olmsted County, Minnesota, in 2009. The prevalence rates of childhood health outcomes were determined using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes. Socioeconomic status was measured using the HOUsing-based SocioEconomic Status index (HOUSES), derived from real property data. Adjusting for age and sex, logistic regression models were used to examine the relationships among HOUSES, race/ethnicity, and prevalence of childhood health outcomes considering an interaction between HOUSES and race/ethnicity. Odds ratios were calculated using the lowest SES quartile and non-Hispanic white participants as the reference groups. Results: Of 31,523 eligible children, 51% were male and 86% were of non-Hispanic white race/ethnicity. Overall, lower SES was associated with higher prevalence of bronchiolitis, urinary tract infection, asthma, mood disorder, and accidents/adverse childhood experiences (physical and sexual abuse) in a dose-response manner (P<.04). Prevalence rates of all childhood conditions considered except for epilepsy were significantly different across races/ethnicities (P<.002). Racial/ethnic disparities for asthma and mood disorder were greater with higher SES. Conclusion: Significant health disparities are present in a predominantly affluent, non-Hispanic white, mixed rural-urban community. Socioeconomic status modifies disparities by race/ethnicity in clinically less overt conditions. Interpretation of future health disparity research should account for the nature of disease. ER  - 
Treatment of mixed states using intravenous sodium valproate: Efficacy and tolerability$$$ Introduction: The term mixed state identifies the simultaneous presence in Bipolar Disorder (BD) of both depressive and manic symptoms. With the new classification of DSM-5, the importance of mixed state within the bipolar spectrum has been emphasized: the criteria for the definition of mixed state are less restrictive than those defined by the DSM-IV-TR, and the specifier “with mixed features” has become applicable to the diagnosis of BD II and Major Depressive Disorder. Mixed states represent an important entity in terms of frequency [1] and clinical outcome implying a more severe symptomatology and a worse prognosis [2]. The oral formulation of sodium valproate is broadly recognized as an effective treatment for acute mania in BD and has, when used in monotherapy, similar efficacy compared to antipsychotic drugs and lithium [3,4]. The intravenous formulation is mainly used in the neurological field to treat various forms of epilepsy. There are still few studies that document the efficacy of intravenous sodium valproate in the treatment of psychiatric disorders [5]. Aim: To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of intravenous sodium valproate in treating mixed symptoms in inpatients affected by BD. Methods: This retrospective observational study reviewed medical records of inpatients hospitalized in the last 2 years. A total of 119 patients affected by BD (47 men and 72 women, 56 affected by BD I and 63 by BD II), ranging in age between 16 and 85 years, were treated with intravenous sodium valproate at a dosage between 400mg/day and 1200 mg/day for a mean period of 3.8 days. Each patient met the DSM-5 criteria for manic or depressive episode with mixed features. Our sample was evaluated through assessment scales at T0 (date of first administration of intravenous sodium valproate) and T1 (date of complete switching to oral therapy). To evaluate the severity of mixed symptomatology we used assessment scales: Clinical Global Impression-Severity Scale (CGI-S) to value the gravity of manic and depressive symptoms; Montgomery Asberg Depression rating scale (MADRS); Young Mania rating scale (YMRS). Results: We found percentage reduction of the CGI-S score between T0 and T1 of 42% (CGI-S T0=6.2; T1=3.6), with a 44% mania score decrease (CGI-M T0=5,7; T1= 3,2) and a reduction of depressive score equal to 40% (CGI-D T0=5,6; T1=3,4). A substantial score reduction was also found for MADRS and YMRS scales, respectively of 38% (MADRS T0=34.4; T1=21,6) and 27% (YMRS T0=23; T1=16,8). Among all 119 patients, 6 stopped treatment due to side effects (4 cases of neutropenia,1 of severe tiredness, 1 of prolonged INR). Conclusions: our study supports the use of intravenous sodium valproate as an effective and safe treatment for mixed states, with a consistent reduction of acute phase symptoms. We acknowledge the presence of confounding factors such as the concomitant use of pharmacological therapies. Larger and prospective studies should be carried out to further evaluate our hypothesis. ER  - 
Association of EEG abnormalities and plasma clozapine levels in patients with major psychotic disorders$$$ Introduction: Clozapine shows superior efficacy on the treatment-resistant psychosis. However, clozapine is underutilized due to the risk of critical side effects. Plasma clozapine levels are used to estimate optimal target dose. In addition, plasma clozapine levels could be helpful to predict the occurrence of serious side effects, i.e. seizures and electroencephalography (EEG) abnormalities. This study was aimed to investigate EEG abnormalities in clozapine treatment in treatment-resistant patients with major psychotic disorders. Methods: Patients treated with clozapine for more than one year were recruited retrospectively from the Electronic Medical Record from March 2012 to August 2016. EEG and plasma clozapine levels were measured on the same day. Patients who had a previous history of seizures, who were under 16 years of age, and who had brain diseases and trauma were excluded. EEG abnormalities were assessed independently by two neurologists and classified as normal and abnormalities of grade I ∼ III according to the distribution of slow wave details and epileptiform activities on the basis of EEG classification [1,2]. The association of EEG abnormalities with clozapine parameters of daily clozapine dose and plasma levels of clozapine and norclozapine was analyzed with t-test and logistic regression in SPSS version 23.0. The statistical significance was set at a level of 0.05. Results: Seventy-one patients treated with clozapine were diagnosed with schizophrenia (61 patients) or bipolar disorder (10 patients) by DSM-5. The mean age, duration and daily dose of clozapine were 37.7±11.7 years, 4.6±4.9 years and 242.9±105.5 mg, respectively. The mean plasma levels of clozapine and norclozapine were 429.4±264.1 and 197.8±132.6 ng/ml, respectively. There was no difference in demographic characteristics and clozapine parameters between patients with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. 51 (71.8%) patients showed EEG abnormalities. Number of patients with EEG abnormalities was 30, 9, and 12 in grade I, II, and III, respectively. The number of patients with EEG abnormalities in plasma clozapine levels above 600 ng/ml was significantly higher than those with less than 600 ng/ml (chi-square=4.904, p=0.027). The mean plasma clozapine level in patients with EEG abnormalities were significantly higher than those without EEG abnormalities (t=-2.335, p=0.02). In logistic regression analysis, plasma clozapine level was identified to have significant predictive power for EEG abnormalities by clozapine treatment (Wald=6.928, df=1, p=0.008). Summary: The prevalence of EEG abnormalities and the predictive power of plasma level on EEG abnormalities in this study were comparable to the previous reports.[3,4] The findings in this study also supported that 600 ng/ml of clozapine plasma level seem a safe therapeutic maximum level. Conversely, this could be used to estimate plasma clozapine levels by EEG abnormalities. Because reports of plasma clozapine level are usually time-consuming due to laboratory procedures, but EEG abnormalities can be assessed immediately. Conclusion: EEG abnormalities might reflect plasma clozapine levels in a dose-dependent fashion. Further refinement of the relationship between EEG abnormalities and clozapine treatment in treatment-resistant psychosis might increase more usefulness of EEG in clinical practice. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric disorders in tuberous sclerosis complex: A referral center experience$$$ Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is multisystem genetic disorder with a range of neuropsychiatric manifestations [1]. Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) was reported with ranges from 16 to 55% of children with TSC [2–4]. The aim of this study is to assess the prevalence, to identify possible risk factors for ASD and to describe severity of neuropsychiatric disorders in TSC patients. We retrospectively reviewed the clinical records of 50 patients with TSC, diagnosed and regularly followed at Clinic of Neurology and Psychiatry for Children and Youth in Belgrade. Charts were reviewed for a history of epilepsy (age of onset, type of seizure, level of the seizure control, treatment, EEG examination). Intelligence or developmental quotient (IQ)/DQ) of less than 70 was considered as intellectual disability. ASD were evaluated by Social Communication Questionnaire (SCQ) and Autism Diagnostic Interview-Revised (ADI-R). Psychiatric disorders were diagnosed by two psychiatrists. Statistical analyses were performed using descriptive statistics. We focused on cohort of 50 TSC patients with mean age of 18.6 years (age range 1-58, SD 11.7). Epilepsy was diagnosed in 92% patients. Seizure onset in the first year of life occurred in 56% of them, from which infantile spasms were noted in 53.5% of patients. Intellectual disability was found in 50% of all patients. ASD was diagnosed in 16% (8 patients) and all of them had seizure in the first year of life. Five of them had infantile spasms which later developed into focal seizures. First EEGs registered in ASD patients showed multifocal spike-wave activity or hypsarrhythmia. After the treatment with antiepileptic drugs (two at least), complete seizure control was achieved in four, further three patients had more than 75% reduction in seizure frequency, while only one had intractable epilepsy. All ASD patients demonstrated intellectual disability; only two of them have been speakers and two had psychiatric pharmacological therapy. Psychosis and behaviour disorders were found in 8% of patients with seizure onset after the first year of life. Patients with behaviour disorders achieved favourable, but not complete (75% reduction) seizure control, while those with psychosis had poor seizure control (<50% therapy responders). ADHD was diagnosed in four patients, all pre-schoolers, out of which two with history of infantile spasms and intellectual impairment. All of them achieved seizure freedom. Finally, emotional disbalance was noted in 6 patients from whom two had antidepressive pharmacological treatment. Our study, although the limits, showed that half of patients with TSC have manifested various neuropsychiatric disorder. Risk factors, such as infantile spasms and seizure onset in the first year of life [5] have been often identified. Early antiepileptic pharmacological intervention and favourable seizure control in our patients with ASD and TSC did not prevent the development of ASD, nor lead the improvement in some symptoms of the spectrum. Findings that will clarify the causal mechanisms of neuropsychiatric disorders associated with TSC, may lead to better therapeutic implications and hopefully improved developmental outcome. ER  - 
Psychiatric co-morbidities in attention deficit hyperactive disorder (ADHD): A retrospective clinical chart review from a tertiary hospital in north India$$$ Background: ADHD is one of the most common disorders seen in children and the presenting complaint of the parents is not able to manage the child. ADHD is highly co-morbid with various psychiatric illnesses which further add to diagnostic and management difficulties. Method: The case records of Child Guidance Clinic (CGC) (2012-2017) of Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences (PGIMS) Rohtak, Haryana were manually screened to collect information about children with a diagnosis of ADHD. Relevant details were noted and data were analyzed. Results: 436 children were diagnosed with ADHD. Most common age of presentation was 8 years (n=68), with majority of children being males (80%) presenting between 5-7 years of age (44.5%) and belonging to urban background (n=253, 57.76%). The overall prevalence of psychiatric co-morbidities was 35%, with mental retardation being the most common (38.16%) followed by oppositional defiant disorder (27.63%), conduct disorder (16.45%) and seizure disorder (11.84%). Conclusion: Seeing the high co-morbidity, it becomes important to screen all the patients diagnosed with ADHD for psychiatric co-morbidities. ER  - 
Common and uncommon psychological and behavioral situation in applicants for driving license exempted from military service$$$ Background and purpose: Some people are eligible for psychiatric exemptions before or during military service. This study aimed to investigate the common and uncommon psychological and behavioral situation in applicants for driving license exempt from military service. Materials and methods: In this cross-sectional study, the population included applicants for driving license with psychiatric disorders who were exempt from military service in Khuzestan, Lorestan and Ilam provinces, Iran 2015. The sample size was 585. Data were collected using the checklists provided by the medical commissions in The Law Enforcement Force of the Islamic Republic of Iran (NAJA) which was previously used by The General Department of NAJA with approval of the Ministry of Health. Data analysis was done in SPSS V21. Results: Among the applicants for driving license, 326 suffered mental disorders during military service and were exempted from military service. The disorders with highest frequency among the patients were seizure (31.5%) and mood disorders (29.2%). Among these individuals, 14.9% were banned from obtaining driving license, 63% were allowed to renew that, and 22% received treatment for mental disorders. The decisions for the driving license of the latter group were made after the treatment. Conclusion: Mood disorders were found to be the most prevalent psychiatric disorder among the applicants for driving license, so, necessary precautions should be taken when issuing or renewing the driving license to these people. ER  - 
A retrospective review on benzodiazepine use: A case study from a chronic dispensary unit$$$ Background. Benzodiazepines (BZDs) are highly effective hypnotic and anxiolytic agents and among the most frequently used drugs in the world, but there are significant disadvantages associated with their use. Identifying possible irrational BZD prescribing is important to ensure safe and effective use of these agents. No studies have been conducted in other African countries, and this is the only study in the Western Cape (WC) Province of South Africa (SA), highlighting the paucity of local research. Objectives. To identify the most commonly prescribed BZDs at a chronic dispensary unit (CDU) in the WC and describe the indications, co-prescribing patterns and patient factors in different areas of the WC. Methods. A retrospective, quantitative study was carried out using prescription data from a CDU in the Western Cape Department of Health, SA. Data for January 2017 were analysed. Associations between BZD therapeutic indications and co-prescribing patterns were assessed, together with demographic data. Data were coded and descriptive and inferential analysis was done using Stata version 14. Results. A total of 1 396 prescriptions met the inclusion criteria and were analysed. Overall, clonazepam was the most frequently prescribed BZD (n=691 prescriptions, 49.5%), followed by diazepam (n=298, 21.4%), lorazepam (n=222, 15.9%) and oxazepam (n=185, 13.3%). The most common therapeutic indication for BZDs was epilepsy (n=294, 21.1%), followed by depression (n=166, 11.9%) and depression with concomitant anxiety (n=79, 5.7%). The most common concomitant drug class associated with BZD use was antiepileptics (n=1 581), followed by other BZDs (n=706) and analgesics and antipyretics (n=665). Female patients were more likely than males to be prescribed BZDs (p<0.001), and the mean (standard deviation) age of BZD users was 51.3 (19.5) years. Conclusions. BZDs were most commonly prescribed to female patients and middle-aged adults. Clonazepam was the most frequently prescribed BZD, indicating a preference for long-acting BZDs. Epilepsy was the most common therapeutic indication and antiepileptics were the most common concomitant drug class prescribed, implying that BZDs have a primary role in the management of epileptic conditions in the public healthcare sector. Future studies should include the private sector, as regulations in the public sector greatly influence the patterns of BZD use. ER  - 
The association between calcified neurocysticercosis and cognitive performance: A case-control study nested to a population-based cohort$$$ Mechanisms implicated in the association between neurocysticercosis (NCC) and cognitive impairment remain unknown. Atahualpa residents aged ≥ 40 years with calcified NCC were identified as case patients and paired 1:1 to age- and gender-matched controls. The selection process generated 79 pairs. Cognitive performance was measured by the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA). A conditional logistic regression model revealed no differences in MoCA scores across case patients and controls, after adjusting for education, epilepsy, depression, and hippocampal atrophy. The single covariate remaining significant was hippocampal atrophy. When participants were stratified according to this covariate, linear models showed lowerMoCAscores among case patients (but not controls) with hippocampal atrophy. In a fully adjusted linear regression model, age remained as the single covariate explaining cognitive impairment among NCC patients. This study demonstrates an association between hippocampal atrophy and poor cognitive performance among patients with calcified NCC, most likely attributable to the effect of age. ER  - 
The psycho-social and clinical profile of women referred for psycho-legal evaluation to forensic mental health units in South Africa$$$ Background: There is a paucity of research on women offenders in the South African context, particularly those referred for forensic psychiatric observation. Little is known about their life histories, the nature of their offences or the psycho-social contexts that enable, or are antecedents to, women’s criminal offending. Aims: This research study, the largest of its kind in South Africa, examined the psycho-social contexts within which women offenders referred for psychiatric evaluation come to commit offences. The profiles of both offenders and victims, as well as reasons for referral and forensic mental health outcomes, were investigated. Methods: A retrospective record review of 573 cases, spanning a 12-year review period, from six different forensic psychiatric units in South Africa, was conducted. Results: The findings describe a population of women offenders who come from backgrounds of socio-demographic and socio-economic adversity, with relatively high pre-offence incidences of being victims of abuse themselves, with significant levels of mental ill-health and alcohol abuse permeating their life histories. The majority of index offences which led to court-ordered forensic evaluations were for violent offences against the person, with murder being the single most common index offence in the sample. Most victims of violence were known to the accused. There were also relatively high rates of psychotic and mood-spectrum disorders present, with relatively low rates of personality disorders. The majority of women were deemed to be trial competent and criminally responsible in relation to their index offences. Conclusion: It is recommended that more standardised and gender-sensitive forensic mental health assessment approaches, documentation and reporting be employed throughout the country. Future research should compare male and female offending patterns and forensic mental health profiles. ER  - 
A study of benzodiazepine prescription patterns in a tertiary general hospital$$$ Background: Benzodiazepines are the most common prescribed drugs in psychiatric practice with the main indications being anxiety and substance withdrawal. There is a dearth of Indian data on prescription patterns of these drugs and there is also easy availability of this drug over the counter in India. Aims and Objectives: The present study was designed to study the prescription pattern of benzodiazepines in the psychiatry unit of a tertiary general hospital. Materials and Methods: Using convenience sampling, 300 patients on benzodiazepines were part of this survey and they filled up a semi-structured questionnaire designed for the study. The study involved psychiatric patients alone. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Results: A total of 180 patients were male and 120 were female. The mean age of the group was 36.33 ± 14.3 years with a range of 16-78 years. The mean duration of illness of the patients in the survey was 4.33 ± 4.1 years. The duration of benzodiazepine use in the sample was 1.49 ± 1.3 years (range 0-8 years) and maximum duration of abstinence was 2.17 ± 4.3 years (range 0-36 months). The reasons for prescribing benzodiazepines were anxiety (n = 139, 46.4%) which was the most common indication. 247 (82.7%) patients reported no side effects and the most common side effect reported was sedation (n = 26, 8.7%). Clonazepam and Lorazepam were the most commonly prescribed medications. Conclusions: There is a need for data, which can help better policy, to regulate the prescription of benzodiazepines at all levels in hospital and clinical practice. Further studies in larger samples and multiple centers across the nation are needed to warrant our findings. ER  - 
It is not necessary to discontinue seizure threshold-lowering medications prior to myelography$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: There is no consensus on whether patients undergoing myelography should discontinue medications that could lower their seizure threshold. The purpose of this study was to document the most commonly prescribed seizure threshold- lowering medications in patients undergoing myelography and determine whether withholding such medications decreases the incidence of seizures. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We performed a retrospective observational study of all the myelograms obtained in 2016 at 2 affiliated hospitals. At hospital A, seizure threshold-lowering medications are discontinued before myelography, and prophylactic diazepam is given for all cervical myelograms. At hospital B, seizure threshold-lowering medications are not withheld before the procedure, and medical seizure prophylaxis is not implemented. The seizure threshold-lowering medications the patients were taking at the time of the procedure and postmyelographic seizure incidence were documented. RESULTS: A total of 311 patients underwent myelography during 2016. One hundred eleven patients (36%) were on at least 1 seizure threshold-lowering medication, and 30 (10%) were on at least 2. The most common medications were duloxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine, bupropion, and trazodone. The most common tricyclic antidepressant was amitriptyline. Three patients across both sites had a controlled seizure disorder and were on antiepileptics. None of the patients at either hospital had seizures during or within 3 hours following any of the myelograms during the study period. CONCLUSIONS: Continuing seizure threshold-lowering medications during myelography does not increase the risk of seizures. Screening for and withholding seizure threshold-lowering medications are not indicated for routine myelography. ER  - 
In-person vs. Ehealth mindfulness-based intervention for adolescents with chronic illnesses: A pilot randomized trial$$$ Background: Mindfulness-Based Interventions (MBIs) can improve mental health and well-being in adolescents with chronic illnesses. However, there are many barriers such as reduced mobility and distance which compromise accessibility to MBIs. Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the effectiveness of the Mindful Awareness and Resilience Skills for Adolescents (MARS-A) program in youth with chronic illnesses delivered in person or via eHealth. Methods: In this mixed method randomized controlled trial, participants received weekly 90-minute long MARS-A sessions for 8 weeks, either in person or via a secure eHealth audiovisual platform allowing group interactions in real time. Data was collected at baseline, immediately after and two months post-MBI through saliva analyses, electronic participant logs and validated questionnaires assessing mindfulness skills and mental health outcomes. Results: Seven participants per group completed the intervention (total n=14, completion rate 77.8%). Paired t-test analyses revealed a significant reduction in depression/anxiety scores immediately post-intervention (p=0.048, Cohen’s d=0.934) and a significant reduction in pre-post mindfulness cortisol levels at week 8 (p=0.022, Cohen’s d=0.534) in the eHealth group. Frequency and duration of weekly individual home practice (eHealth: 6.5 times; 28.8 minutes; in-person: 6.0 times; 30.6 minutes) were similar in both groups and maintained at follow-up. Conclusion: This is the first study comparing in-person and eHealth delivery of an 8-week MBI for adolescents with chronic illnesses. Although the study was limited by the small size of the sample, our results suggest that eHealth delivery of MBIs may represent a promising avenue for increasing availability in this population. ER  - 
Cycloserine for treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: A retrospective cohort study in China$$$ Purpose: Cycloserine has been used in multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) treatment since the 1950s. We evaluated the efficacy and safety of cycloserine and sought to clarify the role of cycloserine for treatment of simple MDR-TB, pre-extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (pre-XDR-TB), and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB). Materials and methods: A retrospective observational study was performed in Zhejiang Province, China. We enrolled 144 cycloserine-treated and 181 cycloserine-nontreated patients consecutively and determined the treatment outcome as the primary outcome. The proportion of patients with sputum culture conversion and the frequency of adverse drug reactions were also assessed. Results: One-hundred (69.4%) out of 144 patients in the cycloserine group successfully completed treatment. The HR of any unfavorable treatment outcome after the introduction of cycloserine was 0.58 (95% CI: 0.38–0.86, P=0.008). Subgroup analysis showed that cycloserine could benefit simple MDR-TB cases reducing the risk of unfavorable treatment outcomes (HR: 0.43, 95% CI: 0.24–0.76, P=0.004), but not pre-XDR-TB (HR: 0.65, 95% CI: 0.30–1.38, P=0.263) or XDR-TB (HR: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.22–2.37, P=0.589). The culture conversion rate at the intensive phase was similar whether cycloserine was administered or not (P=0.703). Of the 144 patients treated with cycloserine, a total of 16 (11.1%) patients experienced side effects attributed to cycloserine. Conclusion: Cycloserine is an attractive agent for the treatment of MDR-TB, and its safety profile warrants its use in most MDR-TB cases. Cycloserine significantly improved the chance of a favorable outcome for patients with simple MDR-TB but not pre-XDR-TB and XDR-TB. Thus, more aggressive regimens might be required for pre-XDR-TB or XDR-TB patients. ER  - 
Characteristics of epilepsy and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder comorbidity in children: A retrospective analysis$$$ INTRODUCTION: Epilepsy is often accompanied by attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). There are different opinions about reasons. The effect of epilepsy features was not studied in ADHD before or after epilepsy. We aimed to obtain clues about this comorbidity in children. METHODS: Data of forty-four (33 males, 11 girls) consecutive epilepsy patients with ADHD were retrospectively reviewed. The binary subgroups were statistically compared. RESULTS: ADHD was diagnosed before epilepsy in 11 (25%) and after epilepsy in 33 (75%) patients. The mean age was 11.5±2.7, the first and last seizure ages were 5.2±3 and 9.5±2.8, antiepileptic drug (AED) starting and ADHD ages were 6.6±3.4 and 8.4±2 years respectively. In patients with ADHD after epilepsy, AED and first seizure ages were younger (p=0.004 and p=0.002, respectively). Gender, epilepsy type, ADHD age, electroencephalography and brain magnetic resonance imaging findings were similar. There was a shorter interval time between ADHD and epilepsy in patients with a first seizure age >5 and AED age >6.5 years (p=0.013 and p=0.000). EEG abnormalities were more frequent in patients with >1.5 years time interval between epilepsy and ADHD (p=0.044). The ages of last seizure and AED starting ages were positively correlated with ADHD age (r=0.389, r=0.434, p<0.05). DISCUSSION and CONCLUSION: We found similar ADHD ages in patients with ADHD before or after epilepsy. However, AEDs need was observed in two separate periods, early childhood and school age. The similarity of other features suggests that common pathogenetic mechanisms may play a role in this comorbidity. ER  - 
Epidemiology of psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari province, Iran, 2017$$$ Background: This study aimed to investigate the epidemiology of psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province of Iran. Methods: This community-based cross-sectional study included 1038 children and adolescents aged 6-18 years from Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari province selected by the multistage cluster sampling method. Samples were interviewed using the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children. Also, demographic data (gender, age, child education, parent education, and economic situation) were obtained. Binary logistic regression was used to analyze the data. Results: A total of 16.1% of participants were diagnosed to have psychiatric disorders. Total psychiatric disorders were significantly more prevalent in boys than in girls (P = 0.025). Unemployment of fathers was significantly related to increased prevalence of psychiatric disorders in children (P = 0.016). Other demographic variables had no significant correlation with prevalence of psychiatric disorders in children. Anxiety disorders were highly comorbid with behavioral problems (16.4%). Behavioral disorders also had high comorbidity with elimination disorders (16.7%) and substance use disorders (10%). Enuresis was the most frequent psychiatric disorder (5.8%), followed by epilepsy (3.5%), tobacco use (3.4%), and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (3%). Total anxiety disorders were the most prevalent group of psychiatric disorders in the sample (21.9%), followed by behavioral disorders (16.3%), elimination disorders (8.2%), and neurodevelopmental disorders (4.5%). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that psychiatric disorders affect a significant number of children and adolescents. Prevalence estimates and identification of sources of heterogeneity have important implications to service providers and modifications are needed in mental health services in the community. ER  - 
Exploration of the improvement and management of refined nursing in neurology$$$ This study aimed to explore the improvement and management of refined nursing in neurology by conducting a retrospective analysis of 127 patients. There were 67 cases in the observation group (conventional nursing and refined nursing) and 60 in the control group (conventional nursing). We compared the scores on patients’ assessment scale of activities of daily living (ADL), Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS), and Self-Rating Anxiety Scale (SAS) before and after nursing. We observed the incidence rate of adverse events and rated patients’ satisfaction with nursing. There were no statistically significant differences between the two groups before nursing (P > 0.05); however, the scores of both groups improved after nursing. The ADL scores of both groups increased significantly, and the SDS and SAS scores decreased significantly (P < 0.05). The ADL scores of the observation group were significantly higher than those of the control group. There was a statistically significant decrease in the SDS and SAS scores compared to those of the control group (P < 0.05). The incidence rate of adverse reactions in the control group was significantly higher than that in the observation group (P > 0.05). The degree of satisfaction of the control group was significantly lower than that of the observation group (P < 0.05). The refined nursing management model can improve the self-management level of neurology patients, reduce the occurrence of anxiety, depression, and adverse events, and promote the doctor-patient relationship, making it suitable for clinical promotion. ER  - 
Electroencephalographic patterns during routine polysomnography in childhood and association with future epilepsy diagnosis$$$ Study Objectives: Evaluate the frequency of abnormal electroencephalograph (EEG) records during pediatric polysomnography (PSG) at a tertiary referral center and determine frequency with which these records may predict future seizures and a diagnosis of epilepsy. Methods: Retrospective review of all pediatric PSG reports from 2013 was performed. Demographics, medical history, indications, diagnoses, and EEG reports were collected. Patients were evaluated for follow-up of future diagnosis of seizure or epilepsy over a 30-month period. Results: A total of 1,969 studies (56.9% males, median age 7 years) were analyzed. Abnormal EEG results were detected in 314 studies (15.9%); abnormalities included slowing in 75 (3.8%) and interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs) in 239 (12.1%). Incidental abnormal EEG recordings were found in 186 patients (9.4%) without a prior diagnosis of seizure or epilepsy. Incidental IEDs were recorded in 126 (6.4%) and were most commonly focal (66.7%). Ten patients received follow-up EEG without clinical follow-up, 68 received clinical follow-up without follow-up EEG, and 29 received both within a 30-month period. Follow-up EEG was normal in only 30.8% of cases. Thirteen patients in the 30-month window received a new diagnosis of epilepsy. Each new diagnosis occurred in patients with preexisting neurodevelopmental disorders at high risk for seizures. Conclusions: Abnormal EEG during pediatric PSG without additional history of seizure is a poor prognosticator for a future diagnosis of epilepsy. Abnormalities detected on PSG did not always portend abnormal diagnostic EEG and thus its utility to corroborate findings does not appear to be supported without additional clinical context concerning for seizure. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic and epileptic seizures: Clues for a differential diagnosis. Findings from a Colombian study$$$ Introduction. Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are paroxysmal changes in behavior that resemble epileptic seizures, although they have no electrophysiological correlation or clinical evidence of epilepsy. Aim. To compare clinical and sociodemographic characteristics of patients diagnosed with PNES-alone and PNES-andepilepsy. Patients and methods. A cross-sectional study of consecutive patients diagnosed with PNES in a 20-month period was carried out. A video-EEG was performed in all patients. Socio-demographical, clinical and semiological characteristics were compared between those patients with and without concomitant epilepsy. Results. Sixty-five patients were included, 35 (53.9%) had PNES-alone and 30 (46.1%) had PNES-and-epilepsy. The proportion of women in the study was 70.8%. The median age at seizure onset was 16 years. A late start was recorded in PNES-alone group (23 years) compared to PNES-and-epilepsy group (11 years), however, it was not significant. There was a lower frequency of antiepileptic drugs use in the PNES-alone group compared with the PNES-and-epilepsy group. The most frequent semiological features were the gradual onset of events (69.2%) and the duration longer than two minutes (63.1%). Conclusion. The waxing and waning pattern during paroxysmal events suggest a non-epileptic origin. However, it is not uncommon to find patients with concomitant epileptic seizures. ER  - 
Cannabis Use Disorder and Epilepsy: A Cross-National Analysis of 657 072 Hospitalized Patients$$$ Background and Objectives: Recent evidence has suggested that cannabis use precipitates cerebrovascular events. We investigated the relationship between cannabis use disorder (CUD) and hospitalization for epilepsy. Methods: Nationwide inpatient sample (NIS) was analyzed from 2010 to 2014 for patients (age 15-54) with a primary diagnosis of epilepsy (N = 657 072) and comparison was made between patients with ICD-9 classification of CUD and without CUD. We utilized logistic regression to study the association (odds ratio [OR]) between CUD and epilepsy. Results: The incidence of CUD in epilepsy patients was 5.77%, and patients with CUD had a threefold higher likelihood of emergency admissions. Patients with CUD were younger (25-34 years), male and African American. In regression analysis, adjusted for confounders, cannabis (OR, 1.56), tobacco (OR, 1.20), and alcohol (OR, 1.63) use disorders were found to be associated with higher odds of epilepsy hospitalization, but lower odds with cocaine (OR, 0.953), amphetamine (OR, 0.893), and opioid (OR, 0.828) use disorders. Conclusions and Scientific Significance: With the increasing prevalence of medical marijuana legalization, there is increased use of medicinal marijuana. Studies of cannabidiol and marijuana for epilepsy have been highly publicized, leading to its off-label use for treatment. There is limited evidence to suggest that the cannabinoids may also induce a seizure. This study found that CUD is independently associated with a 56% increased likelihood of epilepsy hospitalization and this association persists even after adjusting for other substance use disorders and confounders. (Am J Addict 2019;28:353–360). ER  - 
Frequency of attacks in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Aims. The aim of this study was to investigate the frequency of attacks (psychogenic seizures) in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and to characterize factors potentially associated with attack frequency. Methods. In this retrospective study, all patients with PNES, who were studied at Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Iran, from 2008 until 2018, were reviewed. We categorized the attack frequency in the patients as (1) daily; (2) weekly; and (3) frequency of less than one per week. Results. Three hundred and ten patients were studied. Attack frequency in patients was 34 ± 67 per month. One hundred and eleven patients (36%) had daily attacks, 93 (30%) had weekly attacks, and 106 (34%) had less than weekly attacks. Sixty-five patients (21%) reported having more than one attack per day. Demographic variables, attack-related variables, PNES associated factors, and use of AEDs were not significantly associated with attack frequency in the patients. Conclusion. We observed that two thirds of the patients with PNES had frequent daily or weekly attacks. The findings of our study could be helpful in designing future clinical trials. First, attack frequency is an unbiased outcome measure in the design of such studies. Second, it is easily measurable using attack calendars; we suggest that attack frequency be assessed daily using daily attack calendars. Finally, it is very easy to recruit patients with PNES for clinical trials (with regards to their attack frequency) since many of them have frequent attacks. ER  - 
Regional paroxysmal fast rhythms on scalp EEG: An observational study$$$ Objective: It is known that interictal regional paroxysmal fast activity (RPFA) on scalp electroencephalogram (EEG) is seen in patients with focal cortical dysplasia. We aim to investigate these activities and to understand their correlation with structural lesions on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and other interictal epileptiform activities on scalp EEG. Methods: We searched the prevalence of RPFA in video EEG monitorized epilepsy patients between 2012-2016 years. An additional group of patients were also added to the cohort from routine EEG recordings in order to make correlations of RPFA’s with the accompanying EEG features and structural lesions on MRI. RPFA was defined as frequencies above 10 Hz, on 2-5 consecutive electrodes and short lasting. Results: A total of 250 patients were screened retrospectively. The prevalence of RPFA was 5.6% (14 patients). The total group consisted of 19 patients. The frequencies of RPFA were between 20-35 Hz (mean 26.21) and the amplitudes were between 20-52 µV (mean 30.84). The duration of RPFA vary between 200-770 milisecond (mean 293.42). All patients but one had epilepsy. Nine patients had abnormal MRI. The MRI lesion and location of RPFA were concordant in three patients. Fifteen patients had also focal sharp/spike activities which were concordant with the localization of RPFA in 13 patients. Ictal activity was available in thirteen patients. The localization of the onset of ictal activities of these patients were found to be concordant with the location of RPFA in 5 patients. Conclusion: The prevalence of RPFA was 5.6%. RPFA was observed not only in patients with developmental lesions but also encephalomalacic lesions. The concordance of RPFA with interictal, ictal EEG features and MR lesions was found moderate. ER  - 
Dental and oral surgical treatment of the mentally retarded in Hungary: The situation in the past, currently and hopes for the future$$$ Introduction: Dental care for mentally disabled people poses a growing challenge for healthcare. In Hungary, the number of mentally disabled people needing special dental care is ca. 100 000. Aim: The aim of our retrospective analysis is to provide a summary of the demographic data and the treatment outcomes of patients with mental disorders treated at the Department of the Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery of the Semmelweis University in the past five years. Method: Dental care for patients with a severe level of mental disability can be carried out in general anaesthesia only. At Semmelweis University, in the Oral and Maxillofacial Department, 1717 mentally disabled adults received dental care during the past five years. (Patients included people with a mild, medium or severe level of mental disability, patients with Down’s syndrome, autism, epilepsy or panic disorder.) Results: The single biggest achievement seems to be the fact that the issue of acute dental care and oral surgery has basically been settled. A workable relationship has been forged with foundations and organizations dealing with the problems of these patients. It has been realized, however, that in the case of mentally disabled patients there is an enormous need for prevention and ongoing care. Conclusions: Up to now no survey has been carried out in Hungary with the aim of objectively revealing the dental care needs of these patients. Internationally, however, several surveys have been published. It can be stated on the basis of these that both caries frequency and the presence of parodontal diseases increase in correlation with age and the level of disability. Oral hygiene is insufficient, patients or their caretakers do not get proper information, only a few of them receive adequate training and they are not motivated to keep up oral health. Dental care, except for tending acute cases, is not satisfactory. For the sake of prevention, cooperation is needed with non-governmental organizations, foundations, special education teachers and psychiatrists specialized in this field. ER  - 
An investigation of the clinical signs, and frequency of street drug poisoning in patients referred to razi hospital of Ahvaz city, 2008-2013$$$ Background: Drug abuse is one of the major socio-medical problems of our time with a global scope. Abusing street drugs is on the rise among adults and is considered as a public health concern. In addition, limited studies are available in this regard. The aim of this study was to investigate the frequency of street drug poisoning in the Razi Hospital of Ahvaz in Iran during 2008-2013. Methods: This is an epidemiological cross-sectional study based on hospital information. All admitted cases with street drug poisoning were included during 2008 to 2013 (70 patients). Data were analyzed by SPSS software using descriptive statistics and Chi-square. Results: In the current study, out of 70 cases aged 13-53 years old, the highest frequency of abusers was related to 30 years of age, and male/female ratio was 4 to 1. Among the drugs used, methamphetamine accounted for the highest rate. In this study, 55.7% of the cases needed to be admitted to the intensive care unit and 2 deaths were observed. The most common symptom among poisoned patients includes loss of consciousness and the least common symptom is respiratory distress. Conclusion: According to the results, it can be concluded that the poisoning will be rarely fatal in case of dangerous exposure, if they are under supervision of emergency medical attentions, including the careful management of airways and respiratory failure, hypotension monitoring, seizure and impaired management of body temperature. ER  - 
Prevalence and predictors of benzodiazepine monotherapy in patients with depression: A national cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: Depression guidelines discourage benzodiazepine monotherapy and limit use to short-term adjunctive therapy with antidepressants; however, patients with depression continue to receive benzodiazepine monotherapy. The prevalence and predictors of this prescribing pattern have not been described previously and are warranted to assist clinicians in identifying patients at highest risk of receiving benzodiazepine monotherapy. Methods: A national, cross-sectional analysis of the National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey from 2012 to 2015 was performed for adults treated for depression. Depression was identified using a survey item specifically assessing the presence of depression. Office visits involving patients with bipolar disorder, schizoaffective disorder, or pregnancy were identified by ICD-9 code or specific survey item and were excluded. The primary endpoint was benzodiazepine monotherapy prescribing rate defined as initiation or continuation of a benzodiazepine in the absence of any antidepressant agent. A multivariate logistic regression model was created to identify variables associated with benzodiazepine monotherapy. Results: In total, 9,426 unweighted visits were eligible for inclusion. Benzodiazepine monotherapy was identified in 9.3% of patients treated for depression (95% CI, 8.2%-10.6%). Predictors of benzodiazepine monotherapy included age of 45-64 years (OR = 1.39; 95% CI, 1.01-1.91), epilepsy-related office visit (OR = 5.34; 95% CI, 1.39-20.44), anxiety-related office visit (OR = 1.67; 95% CI, 1.23-2.27), underlying pulmonary disease (OR = 1.43; 95% CI, 1.09-1.87), and concomitant opiate prescribing (OR = 2.86; 95% CI, 2.01-4.06). Psychiatrists were less likely to prescribe benzodiazepine monotherapy than were other providers (OR = 0.42; 95% CI, 0.29-0.61). Conclusions: Benzodiazepine monotherapy is utilized in nearly 1 in 10 patients treated for depression. Adults aged 45 to 65 years, patients prescribed opioids, patients seen by primary care providers, and those with underlying anxiety, epilepsy, or pulmonary disorders are at highest risk. ER  - 
Drug prescription patterns in patients with alzheimer’s disease in an urban neuro-speciality clinic in Western India$$$ Background: Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is one of the most common forms of dementia worldwide with only symptomatic therapies available. In India, there seems to be a scarcity of data regarding drugs prescribed for symptomatic treatment of AD. Aims and Objectives: The objective of this study was to find out drug prescription patterns in AD patients in an urban neuro-speciality clinic in Western India. Materials and Methods: Retrospective data were collected from 100 case files of patients diagnosed with AD visiting a private neuro-speciality clinic. Descriptive statistics were used to analyze the data. Results: The mean age of patients suffering from AD was 74.9 ± 0.9 years. About 90% of patients were >65 years old, with a female preponderance of 56%. About 60% of patients belonged to rural areas and 40% belonged to urban areas. Mini-mental state examination scores revealed a mean score of 14.84 ± 1.20. Regarding drug utilization pattern, 73% of patients were prescribed Donepezil, 15% were on donepezil and memantine, 7% on rivastigmine, and 5% on Galantamine. Donepezil, memantine, donamem, and galantamine were prescribed in tablet form while rivastigmine in capsule form. Only in 15% prescriptions brand name and fixed-dose combinations were used. Conclusion: Despite decades of study of basic etiology and pathogenesis of AD and significant pharmaceutical industrial efforts to develop therapies, till date, there is no effective therapy available to cure AD. AD needs to be understood and analyzed in terms of its prescribing. Patients suffering from dementia and AD should be screened and treated at an early stage. Anticholinesterase drugs and N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor blockers were the most common drugs used for symptomatic treatment of AD. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression and anxiety and their association with cardiovascular risk factors in Northeast Brasil primary care patients$$$ BACKGROUND: Depression and anxiety disorders (DAD) are the most prevalent mental health conditions worldwide. Among the adult population served in basic care, it is estimated that depression affects about 14.3% of these individuals worldwide, and between 21.4% and 31% in Brasil. Anxiety affects up to 33.7% of the population during their lifetimes. OBJECTIVES: estimate the prevalence proportions of DAD among patients in a municipality in Northeast Brasil and study the association between DAD and cardiovascular risk factors. METHODS: a cross-sectional study with the medical records of patients from primary care centers in Jaboatão dos Guararapes, Pernambuco. Patients aged ≥ 18 years and regularly followed-up were included. Exclusion criteria: a history of traumatic brain injury, alcohol or drug abuse, previous stroke, medical conditions or medications that mimic DAD symptoms. Subjects were divided into two groups depending on the presence or absence of DAD, and cardiovascular risk factors were compared between groups. RESULTS: A total of 1030 subjects were initially included, of whom 215 (20%) were excluded. No-DAD subjects had more history of myocardial infarction and alcoholism. The prevalence of depression was 10.3%, anxiety disorder was 27.1%, and mixed DAD represented 4.5%. There was a significant association between DAD and hypertension (OR = 2.11; 95%CI: 1.16 -3.84; p=0.01), obesity (OR = 4.47; 95%CI: 1.74 -11.46; p=0.002), and hyperlipidemia (OR = 3.88; 95%CI: 1.81-8.3; p<0.001). CONCLUSION: DAD were associated with an increased risk for arterial hypertension, obesity, and hyperlipidemia. ER  - 
Analysis of elderly patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy and complication rates: A single center experience$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment method used in many psychiatric disorders, primarily in mood and psychotic disorders. ECT is also effective and safe for geriatric depression. This study aimed to analyze elderly patients treated with ECT in bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder and psychotic disorder diagnostic groups. Methods: In this study, we retrospectively reviewed 58 geriatric patients over 60 years old who were treated with ECT between January 2014 and December 2017. Patients’ sociodemographic data, preliminary American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status assessments (ASA) scores and Clinical Global Impression (CGI), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD), Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS), Positive and Negative Symptom (PANSS) Scales before and after ECT were analyzed. Results: CGI, HAMD, YMRS and PANSS scores have significantly decreased after ECT. According to preoperative anesthesia consultations of the patients, 62.1% (n=36) were assessed to be in ASA 2 risk group and 34.5% (n=20) in ASA 3 risk group. One patient in the ASA 2 risk group and four patients in ASA 3 group had to discontinue treatment due to cardiovascular instability. These patients were administered medical treatment. There were no other mortalities or severe complications. Conclusion: This data shows that there were no mortalities or severe complications in elderly patients and supports the effectiveness and safety of ECT in elderly patients with bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder and psychotic disorder. ER  - 
A retrospective chart review of clinical characteristics and magnetic resonance imaging findings of patients from a psychiatric facility in Kwazulu-Natal province, South Africa$$$ Background: Many neurological conditions manifest with psychiatric symptoms and may be misdiagnosed. Structural neuroimaging, that is, computerised tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), can aid in the diagnosis or exclusion of these conditions. Magnetic resonance imaging is preferable in this regard, but is more expensive and less readily available than CT. The indications for requesting MRI in the clinical psychiatric setting remain poorly defined. All published literature on the clinical utility of neuroimaging in Africa is on CT scans. Aim: The aim of this study was to describe the clinical characteristics and MRI findings in a cohort of patients presenting with psychiatric symptoms. Setting: A specialist psychiatric training hospital, Townhill Hospital, in Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal. Methods: A retrospective chart review of all patients who underwent MRI between 01 October 2010 and 31 June 2016 was done. Magnetic resonance imaging findings were correlated with socio-demographic and clinical information, including psychiatric diagnosis, indication for MRI imaging and effect on clinical management. Results: Fifty-three MRIs were performed. Thirty-three (62%) were abnormal. Patients with HIV, neurocognitive disorders, chronic mental illness and involuntary admission were more likely to have abnormal scans (83%, p = 0.089; 80%, p = 0.496; 71%, p = 0.089 and 79%, p = 0.021, respectively). The findings of 54% of abnormal MRIs (24% of all MRIs performed) resulted in referral to other disciplines. No statistically significant associations were found with socio-demographic or clinical factors. Conclusion: Abnormalities on MRI scans in mentally ill patients were common and a quarter of patients required referral to other disciplines. Further studies are required to clarify the clinical utility of MRI in patients with psychiatric illness, which could assist in the development of a guide for the rational use of this modality in a resource-constrained environment. ER  - 
Neurological abnormalities in 97 dogs with detectable pituitary masses$$$ Background: Pituitary tumours are common neoplasms of the sellar region in small animals. However, detailed information regarding the spectrum and severity of possible neurological signs are lacking. Objective: To retrospectively describe the neurological abnormalities in a population of dogs with a detectable pituitary mass (DPM) and relate them with the size of the mass and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) signs of brain compression (BC). Client-owned dogs were included in the study if they had MRI showing a DPM and a detailed neurological examination. The neurological signs were evaluated in relation to the pituitary height/brain ratio (P:B ratio) and the presence/absence of brain compression. Results: Ninety-seven dogs were enrolled. Besides abnormal mentation and behavior (77%), gait (61%) and cranial nerve abnormalities (44%), other unreported neurological signs observed included postural abnormalities (21%), pain and/or hyperesthesia (25%) and abnormal postural and proprioceptive reactions (49%). The majority of dogs with DPM had signs of BC. The presence of a high pituitary height/brain area and BC represented a risk factor for developing mental status abnormalities. Conclusion: Neurological signs recorded in DPM-affected dogs include not only the typical forebrain signs but also gait disturbances and hyperesthesia. Neurological signs are positively associated with increased P:B ratio and MRI signs of brain compression. ER  - 
Tuberous sclerosis complex, Serbian referral center experience$$$ BackgroundAim. Common features of tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) arise from the formation of hamartomas both in the brain and multiple organ systems, mainly due to a mutation in one of two genes, TSC1 or TSC2, with well described inter- and intrafamilial different phenotypic outcomes. The aim of this work was to make a synthesis of the patients data with diagnosed tuberous sclerosis in order to better understand the disease in our environment. Methods. We reviewed retrospectively the clinical records of all patients with TSC, diagnosed and regularly followed at the Clinic of Neurology and Psychiatry for Children and Youth in Belgrade, Serbia during the period of more than two decades. Statistical analyses were performed using descriptive statistics as well as the Fisher's exact test. Results. Cohort of 44 patients with the diagnosis of definitive TSC were included. The mean age at last follow-up was 19.4 years [age range 1-58, standard deviation (SD) 11.8]. Family history for TSC was noted in 25% of patients. Dermatological manifestations were described in 93.2%, retinal astrocytoma and cardiac rhabdomyomas was found in 36.4% each, nephrological manifestations in 34.1% and lymphangioleiomyomatosis was diagnosed in two female patients. All patients presented with the structural lesions of central nervous system; epilepsy was diagnosed in 88.6%, out of whom 59 % of patients had seizure onset in the first year of life. The West syndrome was diagnosed in 27.3% of patients. Complete seizure control was achieved in 30.8%, in a majority with valproic acid or cabamazepine, but also with topiramate, lamotrigine and vigabatrin. At least two antiepileptic drugs were administered in 82% of patients. Mental retardation was noted in 50% of patients. Psychiatric manifestations were found in 40.9%, with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder diagnosed in 27.3%, autism spectrum disorder in 13.6 %, and psychosis and depression observed in 11.4% each. Conclusion. This kind of synthesis of the data certainly contributes to better understanding of the disease in our environment, as TSC, although well-known disease, still remains diagnostic and therapeutic challenge in daily clinical practice. ER  - 
Gender-specific associations between coronary heart disease and other chronic diseases: Cross-sectional evaluation of national survey data from adult residents of Germany$$$ Background Combinations of coronary heart disease (CHD) and other chronic conditions complicate clinical management and increase healthcare costs. The aim of this study was to evaluate gender-specific relationships between CHD and other comorbidities. Methods We analyzed data from the German Health Interview and Examination Survey (DEGS1), a national survey of 8152 adults aged 18-79 years. Female and male participants with self-reported CHD were compared for 23 chronic medical conditions. Regression models were applied to determine potential associations between CHD and these 23 conditions. Results The prevalence of CHD was 9% (547 participants): 34% (185) were female CHD participants and 66% (362) male. In women, CHD was associated with hypertension (OR = 3.28 (1.81-5.9)), lipid disorders (OR = 2.40 (1.50-3.83)), diabetes mellitus (OR = 2.08 (1.24-3.50)), kidney disease (OR = 2.66 (1.101-6.99)), thyroid disease (OR = 1.81 (1.18-2.79)), gout/high uric acid levels (OR = 2.08 (1.22-3.56)) and osteoporosis (OR = 1.69 (1.01-2.84)). In men, CHD patients were more likely to have hypertension (OR = 2.80 (1.94-4.04)), diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.87 (1.29-2.71)), lipid disorder (OR = 1.82 (1.34-2.47)), and chronic kidney disease (OR = 3.28 (1.81-5.9)). Conclusion Our analysis revealed two sets of chronic conditions associated with CHD. The first set occurred in both women and men, and comprised known risk factors: hypertension, lipid disorders, kidney disease, and diabetes mellitus. The second set appeared unique to women: thyroid disease, osteoporosis, and gout/high uric acid. Identification of shared and unique gender-related associations between CHD and other conditions provides potential to tailor screening, preventive, and therapeutic options. ER  - 
Toxicity of bupropion overdose compared with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors$$$ OBJECTIVES: Adolescent depression and attempted and completed suicide are increasing in the United States. Because suicide is often impulsive, the means of self-harm are frequently items of convenience like medication. Authors of a recent study compared tricyclic antidepressant overdose to bupropion overdose. Fluoxetine and escitalopram are the only agents with Food and Drug Administration approval for pediatric depression, but off-label bupropion prescriptions are common. We sought to compare the effects of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and bupropion in overdose. METHODS: This was an analysis of the National Poison Data System from June 2013 through December 2017 for adolescent (ages 10-19) exposures to SSRIs or bupropion coded as "suspected suicide." Demographics, clinical effects, therapies, and medical outcome were analyzed. RESULTS: There were 30 026 cases during the study period. Sertraline and fluoxetine accounted for nearly 60%, whereas bupropion was reported in 11.7%. Bupropion exposure was significantly associated with death (0.23% vs 0%; P < .001) or serious outcome (58.1% vs 19%; P < .001) as well as the 10 most common clinical effects, including seizures (27.0% vs 8.5%; P < .001) and hallucinations (28.6% vs 4.3%; P < .001). Bupropion exposure was significantly associated with the need for cardiopulmonary resuscitation (0.51% vs 0.01%; P < .001), intubation (4.9% vs 0.3%; P < .001), vasopressors (1.1% vs 0.2%; P < .001), and benzodiazepines (34.2% vs 5.5%; P < .001). There was a significant increase in all exposures and in proportion of serious outcomes over time. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescents who attempt self-harm are at higher risk for serious morbidity and poor outcomes with bupropion than with SSRIs. These risks, and the patient's propensity for self-harm, should be evaluated when therapy with bupropion is considered. ER  - 
The epidemiology of psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents in Mazandaran province$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: New information on the epidemiology of psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents is essential for planning and management of health system. Despite the significance of recognizing the health status of children and adolescents, the prevalence of psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents in Iran has not been systematically investigated. This study, which is part of the National Survey of Iranian Children and Adolescents (IRCAP), examines the prevalence of psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents in Mazandaran province, northern Iran. METHODS: In a cross-sectional survey, 1051 children and adolescents residing in Mazandaran, aged 6-18 years, were selected by multistage cluster random sampling. In addition to demographic data, the Persian version of K-SADS-PL (Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children--Present and Lifetime Version) was used to assess psychiatric disorders based on Axis I of the DSM-IV. FINDINGS: The overall prevalence of psychiatric disorders is 18% (20.42 – 15.78), mood disorders is 2% (3.15 – 1.38), psychotic disorders is 0.1% (0.2 – 55.02), anxiety disorders is 10.4% (12.8 – 36.67), separation anxiety disorder is 4.6% (6.3 – 01.46), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is 0.3% (0.8 – 0.1), behavioral disorders is 5.1% (6.3 – 65.96), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is 2.9% (4.16 – 2.09), conduct disorder is 2.0% (0.0 – 8.1), neurodevelopmental disorders is 2.1% (3.1 – 15.38) and mental retardation is 0.8% (1.4 – 49.0). 42.9% of the cases with depressive disorders also have anxiety disorders. 17.4% of anxiety disorders are associated with behavioral disorders. CONCLUSION: According to the results of this study, psychiatric disorders are considerably common among children and adolescents in Mazandaran. Anxiety disorders are the most common and psychotic disorders are the least common group of psychiatric disorders. Separation anxiety disorder is the most common and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is the least common anxiety disorder. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common and conduct disorder the least common behavioral disorder. Among psychiatric disorders, the highest comorbidity is between depression and anxiety disorders. ER  - 
Widely impaired white matter integrity and altered structural brain networks in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Objective: The underlying neural correlates of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are still unknown and their identification would be helpful for clinicians and patients. This study aimed to reveal details of white matter microstructure and alterations in brain structural networks in patients with PNES by using diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) and graph theoretical connectivity analysis. Methods: Seventeen patients with PNES and 26 age-and sex-matched healthy controls were enrolled. All participants underwent DTI on a 3.0-T MRI scanner, and fractional anisotropy (FA) and mean diffusivity (MD) maps were compared by tract-based spatial statistics. Additionally, the structural networks derived from DTI data were analyzed using graph theory and two different parcellation schemes. Results: Patients with PNES showed widespread decreases in FA and increases in MD, particularly in the deep white matter. In addition, graph theoretical analysis revealed impaired brain networks in PNES, including increased path length, decreased network efficiency, altered nodal topology, and reduced regional connectivity in the right posterior areas. Conclusion: We found widely impaired white matter integrity and impaired brain structural networks in Japanese patients with PNES. These findings contribute to the accumulation of evidence on PNES and may improve understanding of this condition. ER  - 
Two-year safety and clinical outcomes in chronic ischemic stroke patients after implantation of modified bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells (SB623): A phase 1/2a study$$$ OBJECTIVE The aim of this study was to evaluate the safety and clinical outcomes associated with stereotactic surgical implantation of modified bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells (SB623) in patients with stable chronic ischemic stroke. METHODS This was a 2-year, open-label, single-arm, phase 1/2a study; the selected patients had chronic motor deficits between 6 and 60 months after nonhemorrhagic stroke. SB623 cells were administered to the target sites surrounding the subcortical stroke region using MRI stereotactic image guidance. RESULTS A total of 18 patients were treated with SB623 cells. All experienced at least 1 treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE). No patients withdrew due to adverse events, and there were no dose-limiting toxicities or deaths. The most frequent TEAE was headache related to the surgical procedure (88.9%). Seven patients experienced 9 serious adverse events, which resolved without sequelae. In 16 patients who completed 24 months of treatment, statistically significant improvements from baseline (mean) at 24 months were reported for the European Stroke Scale (ESS) score, 5.7 (95% CI 1.4-10.1, p < 0.05); National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score, -2.1 (95% CI -3.3 to -1.0, p < 0.01), Fugl-Meyer (F-M) total score, 19.4 (95% CI 9.9-29.0, p < 0.01); and F-M motor scale score, 10.4 (95% CI 4.0-16.7, p < 0.01). Measures of efficacy reached plateau by 12 months with no decline thereafter. There were no statistically significant changes in the modified Rankin Scale score. The size of transient lesions detected by T2-weighted FLAIR imaging in the ipsilateral cortex at weeks 1-2 postimplantation significantly correlated with improvement in ESS (0.619, p < 0.05) and NIHSS (-0.735, p < 0.01) scores at 24 months. CONCLUSIONS In this completed 2-year phase 1/2a study, implantation of SB623 cells in patients with stable chronic stroke was safe and was accompanied by improvements in clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Association of NPSR1 gene variation and neural activity in patients with panic disorder and agoraphobia and healthy controls$$$ Introduction: The neurobiological mechanisms behind panic disorder with agoraphobia (PD/AG) are not completely explored. The functional A/T single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs324981 in the neuropeptide S receptor gene (NPSR1) has repeatedly been associated with panic disorder and might partly drive function respectively dysfunction of the neural “fear network”. We aimed to investigate whether the NPSR1 T risk allele was associated with malfunctioning in a fronto-limbic network during the anticipation and perception of agoraphobia-specific stimuli. Method: 121 patients with PD/AG and 77 healthy controls (HC) underwent functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) using the disorder specific “Westphal-Paradigm”. It consists of neutral and agoraphobia-specific pictures, half of the pictures were cued to induce anticipatory anxiety. Results: Risk allele carriers showed significantly higher amygdala activation during the perception of agoraphobia-specific stimuli than A/A homozygotes. A linear group x genotype interaction during the perception of agoraphobia-specific stimuli showed a strong trend towards significance. Patients with the one or two T alleles displayed the highest and HC with the A/A genotype the lowest activation in the inferior orbitofrontal cortex (iOFC). Discussion: The study demonstrates an association of the NPSR1rs324981 genotype and the perception of agoraphobia-specific stimuli. These results support the assumption of a fronto-limbic dysfunction as an intermediate phenotype of PD/AG. ER  - 
Clinical profile of lupus myocarditis-related deaths at a tertiary care centre in India$$$ Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is an autoimmune disease that can have varied clinical manifestations. This study intended to evaluate the clinical profile of lupus myocarditis-related deaths at a tertiary care centre in India over a period of 5 years. Methods: This was a retrospective study done on SLE patients’ admitted under department of medicine of our institute, who had lupus myocarditis-related mortality. The demographic, presenting complaints, duration of SLE, treatment history, clinical parameters, laboratory investigations, SLE related organ involvement, systemic lupus erythematosus disease activity score (SLEDAI) at admission and treatment received during hospital stay were collected from the medical records. Results: Out of 55 SLE mortalities noted during this period, 12 (21%) patients had lupus myocarditis. The mean age of the patients was 25.1 ± 8.2 years and mean duration of hospital stay was 7.3 ± 6 days. The most common symptom at the time of presentation was dyspnoea, fever and arthralgia (66% each). Hypothyroidism was the most common associated co-morbidity (33%). The mean serum CRP (55.6 ± 41.5 mg/l) and ESR (50.5 ± 28.6 mm/hr) levels were elevated. Serum complement levels were low in 6 (50%) patients and the median SLEDAI score was 18.8 ± 11.6. Lupus nephritis (75%) was the most common associated organ affected in these patients. All patients had global hypokinesia with reduced ejection fraction on echocardiography. Serum Troponin I levels were elevated in 9 (75%) patients. Steroids were the most commonly used treatment in lupus myocarditis patients. Conclusion: Lupus myocarditis is not so uncommon during SLE flare. It should always be considered in SLE patients with unexplained dyspnoea and tachycardia. Lupus nephritis is commonly associated with lupus myocarditis. Echocardiography and serum cardiac enzymes assist in diagnosing this entity. Lupus myocarditis is usually treated with high dose steroids and other supportive measures. ER  - 
Artesunate compared with quinine for the treatment of severe malaria in adult patients managed in an intensive care unit: A retrospective observational study$$$ Background. There are limited South African data on the outcomes of patients with severe malaria treated with quinine compared with those treated with artesunate in the intensive care unit (ICU). Objectives. To compare the outcomes of adult patients treated with artesunate against those treated with quinine in the ICU. Primary outcome variables are length of stay (LOS) in the ICU and mortality. Secondary outcomes include the incidence of hypoglycaemic episodes and neurological outcomes. Methods. This was a retrospective cohort study of patients with severe malaria treated at a multidisciplinary ICU with artesunate or quinine from 1 January 2008 to 31 December 2012. Results. Of the 92 patients included in the study, 63 (69.2%) were male. The mean age in the quinine and artesunate groups was 36.2 years and 40.5 years, respectively (p=0.071). Most (98.6%) of the patients with a positive travel history had visited a malaria-endemic region. Of the 53 patients tested for HIV infection, 71.7% tested positive (p=0.520). The average CD4+ cell count of HIV-positive patients treated with quinine was 200 cells/µL compared with 217.17 cells/µL for those treated with artesunate (p=0.875). The mean APACHE II score at admission was 20.85 and 19.62 in the quinine group and artesunate group, respectively (p=0.380). The median LOS was 5 days (range 1 - 27). Mortality was 15.4% in the quinine group and 7.7% in the artesunate group (p=0.246). Conclusion. A statistically insignificant mortality difference was observed in outcomes of the two treatment groups in this retrospective, single-centre cohort study. ER  - 
Taenia solium cysticercosis and taeniasis in urban settings: Epidemiological evidence from a health-center based study among people with epilepsy in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania$$$ In Africa, urbanization is happening faster than ever before which results in new implications for transmission of infectious diseases. For the zoonotic parasite Taenia solium, a major cause of acquired epilepsy in endemic countries, the prevalence in urban settings is unknown. The present study investigated epidemiological, neurological, and radiological characteristics of T. solium cysticercosis and taeniasis (TSCT) in people with epilepsy (PWE) living in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, one of the fastest growing cities worldwide. A total of 302 PWE were recruited from six health centers in the Kinondoni district of Dar es Salaam. Serological testing for T. solium cysticercosis-antigen (Ag) and -antibodies (Abs) and for T. solium taeniasis-Abs was performed in all PWE. In addition, clinical and radiological examinations that included cranial computed tomography (CT) were performed. With questionnaires, demographic data from study populations were collected, and factors associated with TSCT were assessed. Follow-up examinations were conducted in PWE with TSCT. T. solium cysticercosis-Ag was detected in three (0.99%; 95% CI: 0–2.11%), -Abs in eight (2.65%; 95% CI: 0.84–4.46%), and taeniasis-Abs in five (1.66%; 95% CI: 0.22–3.09%) of 302 PWE. Six PWE (1.99%; 95% CI: 0.41–3.56%) were diagnosed with neurocysticercosis (NCC). This study demonstrates the presence of TSCT in Dar es Salaam, however, NCC was only associated with a few cases of epilepsy. The small fraction of PWE with cysticercosis- and taeniasis-Abs may suggest that active transmission of T. solium plays only a minor role in Dar es Salaam. A sufficiently powered risk analysis was hampered by the small number of PWE with TSCT; therefore, further studies are required to determine the exact routes of infection and risk behavior of affected individuals. ER  - 
Clinical characterization of definite autoimmune limbic encephalitis: A 30-case series$$$ Objective Limbic encephalitis (LE) is an inflammatory condition of the limbic system that has an acute or subacute onset. Several types of antibodies are related to the onset of LE, including anti-N-methyl D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) antibodies and voltage-gated potassium channel (VGKC)-complex antibodies. However, the characteristics and prevalence of LE remain unclear, especially in Asian cohorts, due to the rarity. We aimed to survey their characteristics. Materials and Methods Data of 30 cases clinically defined as “definite autoimmune LE” (based on the standard criteria) were retrospectively collected. These patients were categorized into four subtypes: NMDAR (+) (n=8), VGKC (+) (n=2), antibodies related to paraneoplastic syndrome (n=2), and an antibody-negative group (uncategorized) (n=18). Results LE is rare in Japan, and affected only 30 of 16,759 hospital patients (0.2%) over a ten-year period. The NMDAR (+) group showed distinctive symptoms, while the other three groups had similar indications. Brain MRI indicated significant medial temporal lobe atrophy at one year follow up after discharge. The prevalence of cognitive dysfunction as a complication was 64% (9/14). First-line immunotherapy resulted in a good outcome. A drastic improvement was seen from 4.0±1.1 to 1.1+ on the modified Rankin Scale. A good treatment outcome was observed in all groups (NMDAR, VGKC, and uncategorized), suggesting the importance of an early clinical diagnosis and the early initiation of treatment. Furthermore, we reviewed 26 cases that were clinically diagnosed as definitive autoimmune LE in previous case reports. Conclusion Our findings show that the establishment of a clinical diagnosis based on the clinical criteria of definitive autoimmune LE is important for the initiation of immunotherapy. ER  - 
Functional movement disorders in elderly$$$ Background: Functional movement disorders (FMDs) have been rarely described in the elderly population. Methods: This is a retrospective chart review of elderly patients with FMDs (onset >60 years) attending the movement disorders clinic at a tertiary care teaching institute in India. Results: Out of 117 patients diagnosed with FMD at our center, 18 patients had an onset after the age of 60 years. The male-to-female ratio was 10:8 and the duration of symptoms ranged from 1 day to 5 years. Social (10/18) and physical factors (5/18) with an evident temporal relationship with the onset of FMD were identified in 15 out of 18 patients. Six of them had a past history of depression, anxiety, or other psychiatric illnesses. The tremor was the most frequent phenomenology seen in 11 (61.1%) patients, followed by dystonia in seven (38.8%), choreoballism and tics in two each, and hemifacial spasm and functional gait in one each. Seven patients had more than one phenotype. Discussion: Tremor was the most frequent movement disorder seen in our patients with FMD. Surprisingly, tics (n = 2) and choreoballistic (n = 2) movements were also found in our patients with FMD, which has not been reported previously in an elderly population. Both physical and social factors were identified preceding the development of FMDs in majority of our patients. ER  - 
Assessing the effectiveness of perioperative s-ketamine on new-onset headache after resective epilepsy surgery (ESPAIN-trial): protocol for a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Introduction Effective treatment of new-onset headache after craniotomy, especially anterior temporal lobectomy (ATL) and amygdalohippocampectomy for drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy, is a challenge. The current practice, acetaminophen combined with opioids is often reported by patients as insufficient and sometimes accompanied by opioid-related adverse effects. Based on expert opinion, anaesthesiologists therefore frequently consider s-ketamine as add-on therapy. This randomised parallel group design trial compares s-ketamine with a placebo as add on medication to a multimodal pain approach. Methods and analysis In total 62 adult participants, undergoing ATL for drug resistant epilepsy under general anaesthesia, will be randomised to either receive a 0.25 mg/kg bolus followed by a continuous infusion of 0.1 mg/kg/hour of s-ketamine or placebo (0.9% NaCl) starting before incision and continued for 48 hours as an addition to acetaminophen and opioids administered in a patient-controlled analgesia pump. The primary outcome measure is the cumulative postoperative opioid consumption. Patient recruitment started August 2018 and will end in 2021. Secondary outcome measures are postoperative pain intensity scores, psychological parameters, length of hospital stay and adverse events and will be reassessed at 3 and 6 months after surgery, with a baseline measurement preoperatively. All data are collected by researchers who are blinded to the treatment. The data will be analysed by multivariable linear mixed-effects regression. Ethics and dissemination Ethical approval has been given by the local medical ethical committee (NL61666.068.17). This study will be conducted in accordance with the Dutch Medical Research Involving Human Subjects Act and the Declaration of Helsinki. The results of this trial will be publicly disclosed and submitted for publication in an international peer-reviewed scientific journal. ER  - 
Gestation-related psychosocial factors in women from Medellin, Colombia$$$ Introduction: Perinatal stress and the impact generated by adverse conditions could affect fetal development negatively with long term and short term manifestations and could increase the risk of maternal depression. Objective: To determine the psychosocial risk factors present in women with high-obstetric risk and hospitalized in a high complexity institution. Methods: A cross-sectional study that included 112 pregnant or immediate postpartum women, who were evaluated using a scale designed by the researchers and the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale. Results: Median age was 24 (RIC 9) years; 39.3% of the women were pregnant, and 65.9% had a gestational age of more than 28 weeks. The main reason for hospitalization was threat of preterm delivery in 39.2%. 52.4% planned the pregnancy and 22.3% had depressive symptoms compatible with depression. Suicidal ideas and suicide attempts were more prevalent in the first trimester (7.2% and 3.6%). Discussion: The high prevalence of depressive symptoms in the population studied coincides with what was reported in similar studies in Latin America. The fact that pregnancy does not protect against suicide was confirmed. Conclusions: Psychosocial screening is recommended in every pregnant woman and women in immediate postpartum to detect symptoms and risk factors for depression. ER  - 
Classification of intellectual disability according to domains of adaptive functioning and between-domains discrepancy in adults with epilepsy$$$ Background: In the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders–Fifth edition (DSM-5), the diagnostic criteria of intellectual disability (ID) include three domains of adaptive deficits: the conceptual, social and practical. Substantial intra-individual differences between domains can be considered an ID domain discrepancy. Method: We explored the associations between ID domains, discrepancies and epilepsy in 189 adults (mean age = 47.9; SD = 15.6). Each DSM-5 ID domain was assessed separately, using subscales of the Vineland II for the social and practical domains, and psychological instruments, including intelligence tests, for the conceptual domain. A set of standardised criteria is proposed to identify an ID domain discrepancy. Results: An ID domain discrepancy seemed to be present in about one-third of subjects and was particularly present in subjects with moderate ID (53.4%). Impairment in the social domain was most often the reason for the discrepancy. The presence of a discrepancy was significantly related to a focal (localised) epilepsy type (OR = 2.3, P =.028) and a mixed seizure type (OR = 1.4, P =.009). Epilepsy characteristics that are indicative of a more severe and refractory epilepsy, including various seizure types, a high seizure frequency, a combined epilepsy type (both focal and generalised epilepsy) and an early age at onset, were significantly related to more severe impairments in conceptual, social and practical adaptive behaviour (all P values <.01). Conclusions: With a substantial proportion of the subjects who had both ID and epilepsy with an ID discrepancy, professionals should be aware of this and take all domains of ID into account when studying or working with this vulnerable population. ER  - 
Brief Report: How Do Patients With Newly Diagnosed Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Present? A Multicenter Cohort of Early Systemic Lupus Erythematosus to Inform the Development of New Classification Criteria$$$ Objective: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) presents with nonspecific signs and symptoms that are also found in other conditions. This study aimed to evaluate manifestations at disease onset and to compare early SLE manifestations to those of diseases mimicking SLE. Methods: Academic lupus centers in Asia, Europe, North America, and South America collected baseline data on patients who were referred to them during the previous 3 years for possible SLE and who had a symptom duration of <1 year. Clinical and serologic manifestations were compared between patients diagnosed as having SLE and those diagnosed as having SLE-mimicking conditions. Diagnostic performance of the 1997 American College of Rheumatology (ACR) SLE classification criteria and the 2012 Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics (SLICC) SLE classification criteria was tested. Results: Data were collected on 389 patients with early SLE and 227 patients with SLE-mimicking conditions. Unexplained fever was more common in early SLE than in SLE-mimicking conditions (34.5% versus 13.7%, respectively; P < 0.001). Features less common in early SLE included Raynaud's phenomenon (22.1% versus 48.5%; P < 0.001), sicca symptoms (4.4% versus 34.4%; P < 0.001), dysphagia (0.3% versus 6.2%; P < 0.001), and fatigue (28.3% versus 37.0%; P = 0.024). Anti–double-stranded DNA, anti–β2-glycoprotein I antibodies, positive Coombs’ test results, autoimmune hemolytic anemia, hypocomplementemia, and leukopenia were more common in early SLE than in SLE-mimicking conditions. Symptoms detailed in the ACR and SLICC classification criteria were significantly more frequent among those with early SLE. Fewer patients with early SLE were not identified as having early SLE with use of the SLICC criteria compared to the ACR criteria (16.5% versus 33.9%), but the ACR criteria demonstrated higher specificity than the SLICC criteria (91.6% versus 82.4%). Conclusion: In this multicenter cohort, clinical manifestations that could help to distinguish early SLE from SLE-mimicking conditions were identified. These findings may aid in earlier SLE diagnosis and provide information for ongoing initiatives to revise SLE classification criteria. ER  - 
Biologics and immunoglobulins in the treatment of pyoderma gangrenosum – analysis of 52 patients$$$ Background and objectives: Corticosteroids and cyclosporine A are frequently ineffective as first-line therapies in the treatment of pyoderma gangrenosum (PG) and associated with a number of adverse effects. The objective of the present study was to analyze the effectiveness and safety of biologics and intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIGs). Patients and methods: Retrospective, dual-center cohort study analyzing the treatment outcome in patients with PG who received biologics and IVIGs. Results: Fifty-two patients (mean age: 58.4 years) with 75 wound episodes (mean wound size: 53.2 cm2) were included in the study. Overall, 92.3 % of patients initially received corticosteroids (CSs; 48/52); 51.9 % cyclosporine A (CSA; 27/52). In 275 therapeutic attempts, complete remission or improvement were achieved in 63.6 % (21/33) of patients on infliximab; 57.1 % (16/28) on adalimumab; 71.4 % (5/7) on etanercept; 66.6 % (6/9) on ustekinumab and 66.7 % (10/15) of patients who were given IVIGs. That figure was 48.8 % (38/78) for those treated with CSs and 20.0 % (7/35) for individuals on CSA. On average, adverse events occurred in 18.5 % (15/81) of cases treated with biologics in 20 % (3/15) of patients receiving IVIGs, in 40 % (14/35) of individuals on CSA and in 10.4 % of those treated with CSs (5/48). Conclusions: The present retrospective analysis suggests that both biologics – especially TNFα antagonists – and IVIGs are well-tolerated and safe options in the treatment of PG. Data from prospective comparative studies would be highly desirable. ER  - 
Severe hypertension is an independent risk factor for posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome post-hematopoietic cell transplantation in children with thalassemia major$$$ Background: Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) is an increasingly recognized serious complication of cyclosporine A (CSA) and tacrolimus (TAC) use in hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) recipients. Procedure: A retrospective study was carried out, including 84 cases of HCT for TM from January 2012 to January 2017. Eleven cases were diagnosed with PRES. Results: The cumulative incidence of PRES was 13.4% (95% confidence interval (CI) 9.7%-17.2%). The median onset time of the symptoms was 63 [20, 143] days after transplantation. Lumber puncture found that CSF was normal. Univariate analysis showed that patients who received methylprednisolone (MP) (OR = 10.629 95% CI, 1.360-83.071, P = 0.024), female patients (OR = 4.275, 95% CI, 1.154-15.843, P = 0.032), patients who had severe hypertension (OR = 5.162, 95% CI, 1.042 to 25.559, P = 0.029) had significantly higher risks of PRES. Multivariate analysis showed that severe hypertension (hazard ratio [HR], 12.793; 95% CI, 1.477 to 110.813; P = 0.021), and Pesaro class 3 (HR, 3.367; 95% CI, 1.210 to 9.368; P = 0.020) were associated with PRES. Conclusions: The severe hypertension is an independent risk factor for PRES post-HCT in children with thalassemia major. Patients of Pesaro class 3 may benefit from optimum control of blood pressure post-HCT for prophylaxis of PRES. ER  - 
Major depressive disorder in patients with diabetes mellitus in pietermaritzburg, south africa$$$ Background. Diabetes mellitus (DM) and major depressive disorder (MDD) constitute a major burden of disease. A study found that type 2 DM (DM2) is associated with a two-fold increase in risk of developing MDD worldwide – except in Africa. The present study challenges this statement. Objectives. To determine the prevalence of MDD in a cohort of patients with DM and its effect on glycaemic control. Methods. A cross-sectional study was performed at a diabetes clinic at Edendale Hospital, Pietermaritzburg, South Africa (1 March-31 May 2017). A total of 176 participants were enrolled. Participants completed the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), with a score of ≥10 representing a diagnosis of MDD. Higher PHQ-9 scores translate into more severe MDD. A surrogate for glycaemic control, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) blood testing, was also performed. Results. The majority of participants were female and suffered from DM2. The mean age was 54.4 years. The prevalence of MDD in the study population was 46.6%. A significantly positive linear relationship was shown between PHQ-9 score and HbA1c (p=0.018253). Conclusions. MDD appears to constitute a large burden of disease in our population of individuals with DM. A relationship between the severity of the MDD and HbA1c suggests that prompt intervention in both conditions is likely to improve health outcomes. ER  - 
Collaborative tele-neuropsychiatry consultation services for patients in central prisons$$$ Background: Tele-medicine helps to provide clinical care comparable to in-person treatment in various clinical settings. It is a novel system of healthcare delivery in both low-resource settings and sites where adequate medical care continues to pose greatest challenge like in prison's in India and worldwide. Aim: To study the sociodemographic and clinical profile of patients from Central Prisons, having received collaborative Tele-Neuropsychiatric Care. Methodology: Psychiatry, neurology, and neurosurgery specialists provided tele-neuropsychiatry consultation through Specialist-Doctor-Patient model as part of the state-run program for the two central prisons from July 1, 2014, to June 30, 2016. A retrospective file review was done of the tele-neuropsychiatry case records at Tele-Medicine Centre, Located at Tertiary Neuro Psychiatric centre of South India. Results: A total of 53 patients were provided tele-neuropsychiatric consultation over 2-year period. Of these, 48 (90.6%) were male and 34 (64.1%) were aged more than 30 years. In total, 20.7% of them had severe mental illness, i.e., schizophrenia and mood disorders, 20.7% with substance use disorder (alcohol and cannabis), 17% had anxiety disorders while 17% with seizure disorder. Nearly 81.1% of patients (inmates) were advised pharmacotherapy while 18.9% were suggested further evaluation of illness and inpatient care at the higher center. Conclusion: The collaborative care was successful in delivering psychiatry, neurology, and neurosurgery consultation with a Specialist-Doctor-Patient model to prison inmates. ER  - 
Age-related phenotype and biomarker changes in SSADH deficiency$$$ Objective: Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase (SSADH) deficiency is a disorder of elevated gamma-amino butyric acid (GABA) and gamma hydroxybutyric acid (GHB) and a complex neuropsychiatric profile. Adult reports suggest worsening epilepsy and high SUDEP risk. Methods: Subjects with confirmed SSADH deficiency were recruited into a longitudinal study. Plasma thyroid hormone and total GABA/GHB were quantified by standard clinical chemistry methodologies and mass spectrometry, respectively. Results: A total of 133 subjects with SSADH deficiency are enrolled in the registry; 49 participated in the longitudinal study. The age range of the population is 8 weeks to 63 years (median 7.75 year; 44% male). There is a significant difference in proportions among the age groups in subjects affected with hypotonia, compulsive behavior, sleep disturbances, and seizures. Epilepsy is present in 50% of the total population, and more prevalent in subjects 12 years and older (P = 0.001). The median age of onset for absence seizures was 2 years, and 12 years for generalized tonic-clonic seizures (P < 0.01). The SUDEP rate in adults was 12% (4/33). There was a significant age-dependent negative correlation between GABA and T3 levels. Interpretation: There is an age-dependent association with worsening of epilepsy, behavioral disturbances including obsessive-compulsive behavior, and sleep disturbances with age in SSADH deficiency. There is a high risk of SUDEP. We have observed more absence seizures in younger patients, compared to tonic-clonic in the older cohort, which correlates with age-related changes in GABA and GHB concentration and thyroid function, as well as the natural history of seizures in the murine model. ER  - 
Vagal Nerve Stimulation treatment in children with pharmaco-resistant epilepsy: A single centre experience$$$ Introduction: We undertook this study to analyse our centre experience regarding the efficacy of [VNS] therapy as additional-method in the management of children under 18-years with resistant epilepsy. Methods: Retrospective-observational study at a University Teaching Hospital paediatric epilepsy clinic. We reviewed clinical notes of children with drug-resistant epilepsy who were treated with VNS-therapy. We found fourteen children were actively-programmed with VNS along with anti-epileptic medications. Results: The mean age at time of first VNS insertion was 7-years (2-10y) and mean duration of VNS therapy 5.35-years (1-10 years). Aetiology of epilepsy is known in three children [3/14 (21.4%)] with genetic-causes and four [4/14 (28.5%)] has structural lesions. Co-morbidities: all the patients had learning-difficulty, one had ASD (7.1%) and one ADHD (7.1%). Eight children were on two-AEDs [8/14 (57.2%)], six (42.8%) were on three AEDs and one on ketogenic-diet (plus two AEDs). Various VNS models of programmable device used currently in our cohort including eight children [8/14 (57.1%)] has Aspire-SR 106 and two [2/14 (14.2%)] has Aspire105. In pre-VNS implantation: eleven children (78.5%) had multiple-daily seizures and 3(21.4%) had seizures once in 2-3 weeks. Post-VNS implantation: 7 [7/14 (50%)] reported no change in the seizure frequency and severity however three of them (21.4%) had improvement in mood and behaviour and seven (50%) had noticeable improvement in form of shorter seizures and quicker recovery post-seizure. Two [2/14(14.2%)] developed complication post-VNS implantation, one (7.1%) unilateral vocal-cord palsy and other (7.1%) neck swelling. Conclusion: VNS therapy as an add-on therapy for drug-resistant epilepsy led to varying degree of improvement in the frequency and severity of seizures along with perceptible improvement in mood and behaviour. Two patients showed side-effects were surgery-related. ER  - 
Psychological management of functional neurological movement disorders: CBT with external attention focusing$$$ Background: Functional neurological symptoms (FNS) refers to the presence of symptoms that appear to be of neurological origin, but do not have an identifiable neurological or medical basis. In adults, cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) has been shown to be more effective than standard medical care (Goldstein, et al, 2010; Sharpe, et al, 2011). To date, there are no studies reported in the literature that provide detailed information on the clinical management and treatment of children with FNS attending outpatient clinics. Methods: 18 children (mean age 13 years; 9 female; 9 male), with a primary diagnosis of Functional Neurological Movement Disorders, referred to Evelina London Children's Hospital and St George's University Hospital. Symptoms of the cohort included loss of functional movement in legs and hands, tremors, clawed hands/feet, functional tics and tic-like attacks, and non-epileptic seizures. Children underwent 1:1 psychological intervention (mean number of sessions 11, range 1-17 sessions) involving psychoeducation about FNS, CBT for FNS (and anxiety if necessary) with external attention focusing. Four cases underwent neuropsychological evaluation. Results: Psychological intervention resulted in significant improvement in FNS for all children, with complete resolution of functional symptoms reported for 14 cases. Children for whom symptoms were still reported at follow-up were those with functional tics and one case of a functional tremor; though all reported symptoms only occurring when highly anxious. Three cases represented with different FNS following treatment, which included headaches, stomach aches and joint pain. Four cases had undiagnosed cognitive and/or specific academic difficulties that required additional support at school. Conclusions: This case series provides promising preliminary evidence for the use of CBT with additional attention training components for the treatment of FNS in children. Larger, randomised controlled trials are necessary to further explore the effectiveness of this intervention in this group. ER  - 
Outcomes in children with acquired brain injury (ABI) receiving specialist inpatient neurorehabilitation at a UK regional neuroscience centre (RNSC) 2014-2017$$$ Objectives: (1) To describe demographics and outcomes of children receiving in-patient specialist neurorehabilitation at a RNSC over a 3 year period; (2) To consider implications for healthcare planning. Background: NHS Commissioning arrangements for adult ABI patients in England requiring complex specialist in-patient neurorehabilitation have existed since 2012, but there are no comparable arrangements for children. Some RNSCs have agreed funding arrangements with NHS England to provide in-patient neurorehabilitation, but few published data exist concerning numbers or resultant outcomes. Methods: Retrospective review of paediatric neurorehabilitation in-patient database 2014-2017. Outcomes were assessed at admission to neurorehabilitation and on discharge by Kings Outcome Scale for Childhood Head Injury (KOSCHI and Modified Rankin Scale (MRS). Results: 142 children were treated on the neurorehabilitation in-patient tariff. 57% were boys; 43% girls. 36% were aged 0.4 years, 32% 5-9 years, 19% 10-14 years, 12% >14 years. 71 (52%) lived >40 miles from RNSC, 64 (47%) >60 minutes' drive away. 119/142 (84%) had ABI, others acquired spinal injury, acute polyneuropathy or somatisation disorders. ABI aetiologies included brain tumours (25%); traumatic brain injury (21%); stroke (20%); CNS inflammation (15%); hypoxic-ischaemic injury (9%); epilepsy surgery (6%). Most children were inpatients <85 days; 65 (46%) for 1-28, 45 (34%) 29-84, 18 (13%) 85-168; 6 (4%) >168. %). Mean annual neurorehabilitation bed days=2324, implying a requirement for 7.5 neurorehabilitation beds, assuming 85% occupancy. There was a close correlation between KOSCHI and MRS scores (p<0.001). ABI children showed significant functional improvements between admission to neurorehabilitation and discharge (chi-squared test, p<0.001). Conclusions: Our data suggest an incidence of paediatric severe ABI requiring neurorehabilitation of 0.79 per 100,000 total population per year, implying approximately 511 UK children might benefit from such a service annually. Provision of specialist neurorehabilitation funded by specific tariff within a paediatric regional neuroscience centre was associated with significant functional improvement. ER  - 
Clinical challenges of ATP1A3-related disease-a one centre experience$$$ Objective: ATP1A3 encodes the a3 subunit of the Na+/K+-ATPase transmembrane ion pump, predominantly expressed in neurons. Mutations cause a spectrum of rare neurological phenotypes with overlapping symptoms, such as dystonia, ataxia, hemiplegia, epileptic seizures and neurocognitive delay. Many patients experience paroxysmal events that are commonly diagnosed and treated as epileptic seizures. Prognosis for individual patients remains elusive, even though some evidence exists that phenotypes are mutation specific. We wanted to investigate whether previously described phenotype-genotype correlation for mutations p.E818K, p.E815K, p.D801N and p.G947R are confirmed in our patient cohort and assess efficacy of administered antiepileptic treatment (AED). Methods: We retrospectively collected data on the outcome of 14 patients with confirmed ATP1A3 mutation followed up at the Neurology Department at Great Ormond Street Hospital. Results: The exact ATP1A3 mutation was known in 10 of our patients. One patient had the mutation p.E818K and presented with a typical CAPOS phenotype. Three patients had the mutation p.E815K, 3 the mutation p.D801N and 1 patient was p.G947R positive. Patients with p.E815K had neonatal disease onset, 66% had severe and 33% moderate intellectual disability and all had epilepsy. Patients with p.D801N had age of onset between 1 and 6 months, moderate intellectual disability and epilepsy in 33%. The patient with p.G947R had the best outcome with later age of onset (11 months), mild intellectual disability and no epilepsy. Fifty percent of patients had a clinical diagnosis of epilepsy, 93% were on antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), however only 14% had positive EEG findings. Thirty percent benefited from AED, including all patients with positive EEG. Conclusions: Previously published genotype-phenotype correlations were confirmed in our patient cohort and could be a helpful tool for prognosis and family counseling. Non-epileptic paroxysmal events might be treated as epilepsy in these patients. More accurate phenotyping of events is important. ER  - 
Intraoperative Radiotherapy in Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma (INTRAGO): An open-label, dose-escalation Phase I/II trial$$$ BACKGROUND:Themedian time to recurrence of glioblastoma(GB) following multimodal treatment is∼7mo. Nearly all cancers recur locally, suggesting that augmenting local treatments may improve outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether intraoperative radiotherapy (IORT) to the resection cavity is safe and effective. METHODS: INTRAGO was a phase I/II trial to evaluate the safety and tolerability of IORT with 20 to 40 Gy of low-energy photons in addition to standard radiochemotherapy (ClinicalTrials. gov ID,NCT02685605). Theprimaryendpointwas safetyasperoccurrenceof doselimiting toxicities. Secondary endpoints were progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). We also performed an exploratory analysis of the local PFS (L-PFS), defined as recurrence within 1 cm of the treated margin. RESULTS: Fifteen patientswere treated at 3 dose levels.Of these, 13 underwent incomplete resection, 6 had unresected satellites, and 3 did not receive per-protocol treatment (PPT). The MGMT promoter was unmethylated in 10 patients. The median follow-up was 13.8 mo. The majority of grade 3 to 5 adverse events were deemed unrelated to IORT. Five cases of radionecrosis were observed, 2 were classified as grade 3 events. Other grade 3 events judged related to radiotherapy (external-beam radiotherapy and/or IORT) were wound dehiscence (n = 1), CSF leakage (n = 1), cyst formation (n = 1). No IORT-related deaths occurred. The median PFS was 11.2 mo (95% confidence interval [CI]: 5.4-17.0) for all patients and 11.3mo (95% CI: 10.9-11.6) for those receiving PPT. The median L-PFSwas 14.3mo(95% CI: 8.4-20.2) for all patients and 17.8 mo (95% CI: 9.7-25.9) for those receiving PPT. The median OS was 16.2 mo (95% CI: 11.1-21.4) for all patients and 17.8 mo (95% CI: 13.9-21.7) for those receiving PPT. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that IORT is associated with manageable toxicity. Considering the limitations of a 15-patient phase I/II trial, further studies aimed at assessing an outcome benefit are warranted. ER  - 
Clinical features of patients with anti-leucine-rich glioma inactivated-1 protein associated encephalitis: A Chinese case series$$$ Purpose: Antibodies against leucine-rich glioma inactivated 1 (LGI1) are associated with limbic encephalitis and faciobrachial dystonic seizures (FBDS). We present a large series of Han Chinese patients for further clinical refinement. Materials and methods: Serum and cerebrospinal fluid samples from patients were tested. Clinical information of patients with serum anti- LGI1antibody positivity was retrospectively reviewed, and descriptive statistical analysis was performed. Results: The median onset age of the 24 patients was 56.9 years. Among these cases, 18 (75%) patients presented with new-onset refractory seizures, 18 (75%) patients had memory deficits, eight (33.3%) patients had a personality changes and five (20.8%) patients had a disturbance of consciousness. FBDS was observed in nine (37.5%) patients and five of them presented with FBDS as the initial symptom. No cancer was detected in any patient by CT scans. Fourteen (58.3%) patients had hyponatremia. Lymphocytic pleocytosis and protein concentration elevation in CSF were detected in four (16.7%) and six (25%) patients, respectively. Twelve (50%) patients showed paroxysmal sharp/spike waves and slow waves on EEG and seven (29.2%) patients showed mesial temporal region abnormalities by MRI scans. All patients received antiepileptic drugs and immunotherapy. After treatments, the modified Rankin scores of all patients were decreased. Conclusions: Our study showed that Han Chinese patients with anti- LGI1 antibody associated encephalitis had prominent clinical manifestations including seizures, memory deficits and FBDS. They showed neurological improvement with timely immunotherapy. Prompt treatments after rapid clinical recognition is important to improve the prognosis of patients. ER  - 
No Evidence of Increased Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy Pathology or Neurodegenerative Proteinopathy in Former Military Service Members: A Preliminary Study$$$ It is presently unknown whether military service members are at risk for chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) or Alzheimer's disease (AD) pathology, due to traumatic brain injury (TBI). Studies with respect to AD have had mixed results with respect to mild TBI, although an increased risk of clinical AD with moderate and severe TBI is more consistently demonstrated. No studies to date have demonstrated a longitudinal progression from TBI to autopsy. We therefore initiated a cross-sectional survey of former military service members. 18 brain specimens have been examined to date, with a mean age of 68.9±16 years (range 32-94). Twelve had a history of psychiatric problems; 10 had a history of PTSD specifically. Five had neurological problems including stroke and seizures. One subject had early-onset AD. Two subjects had a history of TBI and two had a history of blast exposure. Age-related proteinopathy, ranging from AD neuropathologic change A0B1C0 to A3B3C3 by NIA-AA guidelines, was identified. None of the cases showed changes specific for CTE pathology. There was no relationship between p-tau in the amygdala and psychiatric signs. There was no significant difference in phosphorylated tau (p-tau) or amyloid-β burden compared to age-matched controls. These preliminary data suggest that military service per se is not a risk factor for CTE pathology or neurodegenerative proteinopathy. More research is needed to study the relationship, if any, between TBI and neurodegenerative proteinopathy. ER  - 
ANCIPS 2019 Abstracts$$$ The proceedings contain 706 papers. The topics discussed include: brief interventions in medically unexplained symptoms (MUS): principles and practical applications; autism in the elderly: the importance of recognition and appropriate interventions; emotion focused therapy: an orientation for practice in India; a workshop on community psychiatry in India and United Kingdom - a Trichy (India) and Kent (UK) experience; psychiatric disorders presenting with gastrointestinal symptoms; cancer and emotional health- personal observations; assessment of the impact of disability on quality of life and coping in patients suffering from allergic rhinosinusitis; polysomnographic predictors of response to milnacipran in depression; randomized control trial to evaluate the role of dexmedetomidine premedication ketamine-propofol combination on seizure time, hemodynamic responses and patient's satisfaction in electroconvulsive therapy; and a study on prevalence of enabling among wives and mothers of adult male alcoholics. ER  - 
Depression and anxiety in patients with epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Prevalence of psychiatric disorders are higher in patients with seizure disorders as compared with general population. Depression and anxiety appear to be interictal complications in these patients. There is scanty published data assessing extent and severity of these comorbidities in this part of country. Aim: To assess the prevalence and severity of depression and anxiety among patients with epilepsy using standardized rating scales for depression and anxiety. Materials & Methods: The cross-sectional study was conducted in the OPD of IMH Amritsar. 100 patients aged between 16-60 years, diagnosed with epilepsy (as per ILAE, 2006 classification); having at least one seizure in last 1 year (not in last 72 hours) and consenting for inclusion in the study were purposively sampled. Patients with independent depression, anxiety or any other psychiatric illness, substance use disorder, and those taking proconvulsant medications were excluded. Selected patients were assessed using socio-demographic and clinical data sheet; HAM-A and HAM-D scales for assessment of anxiety and depression. Data were analysed using SPSS 20 software. Results: Anxiety was more prevalent than depression among patients with epilepsy. Both extent and severity of comorbid anxiety and depression were higher among women. These co-morbidities were more common among residents of urban and semi-urban population and those having partial seizure including temporal lobe epilepsy. ER  - 
Prevalence of psychiatric co-morbidities in patients with epilepsy: A cross sectional study$$$ Background: Psychiatric disorders are highly prevalent in patients with seizure disorder especially in those with refractory epilepsy. Some antiepileptics also exert psychotropic effects, which further complicates the scenario. In these patients, anxiety, depression and psychosis are some common co-morbidities. However, such co-morbidities frequently go unrecognized and untreated. This study will help in assessing and formulating both short and long term management plan for psychiatric comorbidities with primary epilepsy. Aim: To measure prevalence and socio demographic correlates of psychiatric co-morbidities in patients with epilepsy attending psychiatric outpatient department. Materials & methods: 100 adult patients diagnosed with epilepsy (according to ILAE, 2017 classification) and taking regular treatment for more than 1 year in psychiatric OPD were purposively sampled. Informed consent was obtained before inclusion in the study. Patients with primary diagnosis of active neurological disorder (other than epilepsy), substance use disorder and systemic illness were excluded. Patients were assessed using socio-demographic and clinical data sheet. Psychiatric co-morbidities were assessed using MINI international neuropsychiatric interview for ICD 10. Data were statistically analysed using SPSS, 20 software. Result & Conclusion: To be discussed at the time of presentation. ER  - 
Trait impulsivity and risk-taking behaviour in bipolar disorder and epilepsy$$$ Objectives Current study evaluates and compares parameters of impulsivity and risk-taking behaviour among euthymic subjects with bipolar disorder, epilepsy and controls and to identify predictors of association between impulsivity, violence and risk-taking behaviour among bipolar remitted and epileptic patients. Method Cross-sectional study was done at two tertiary care centres of North India. It included three groups of bipolar disorder (n=32), epilepsy (n=30) and healthy controls (n=32). Subjects were assessed for socio-demographic-clinical information, impulsivity and risk-taking behaviour on semi-structured performa, Barratt Impulsivity Scale (BIS- 11) and Balloon Analogue Risk Task (BART). Results Bipolar group subjects had higher mean score of adjusted average pump count (aAPC) than epilepsy and controls (p=0.01 and p=0.02 respectively). Epilepsy group had lower scores than controls for aAPC but only for last 10 balloons (p=0.01) and had higher total score of BIS- 11 (p=0.04). History of violence was positively correlated to cognitive complexity subscale of BIS-11 (r=0.38; p<0.05). A positive correlation between history of self-harm and impulsivity was observed. Conclusion Compared to other two groups, bipolar subjects scored more on behavioural risk-taking task while epilepsy subjects had higher scores on behavioural measures of impulsivity. Trait impulsivity was significantly higher in both bipolar and epilepsy subjects than controls. ER  - 
Intraoperative radiotherapy in newly diagnosed glioblastoma (intrago): An open-label, dose-escalation phase I/II trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The median time to recurrence of glioblastoma (GB) following multimodal treatment is ∼7 mo. Nearly all cancers recur locally, suggesting that augmenting local treatments may improve outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether intraoperative radiotherapy (IORT) to the resection cavity is safe and effective. METHODS: INTRAGO was a phase I/II trial to evaluate the safety and tolerability of IORT with 20 to 40 Gy of low-energy photons in addition to standard radiochemotherapy (ClinicalTrials.gov ID, NCT02685605). The primary endpoint was safety as per occurrence of dose-limiting toxicities. Secondary endpoints were progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). We also performed an exploratory analysis of the local PFS (L-PFS), defined as recurrence within 1 cm of the treated margin. RESULTS: Fifteen patients were treated at 3 dose levels. Of these, 13 underwent incomplete resection, 6 had unresected satellites, and 3 did not receive per-protocol treatment (PPT). The MGMT promoter was unmethylated in 10 patients. The median follow-up was 13.8 mo. The majority of grade 3 to 5 adverse events were deemed unrelated to IORT. Five cases of radionecrosis were observed, 2 were classified as grade 3 events. Other grade 3 events judged related to radiotherapy (external-beam radiotherapy and/or IORT) were wound dehiscence (n = 1), CSF leakage (n = 1), cyst formation (n = 1). No IORT-related deaths occurred. The median PFS was 11.2 mo (95% confidence interval [CI]: 5.4-17.0) for all patients and 11.3 mo (95% CI: 10.9-11.6) for those receiving PPT. The median L-PFS was 14.3 mo (95% CI: 8.4-20.2) for all patients and 17.8 mo (95% CI: 9.7-25.9) for those receiving PPT. The median OS was 16.2 mo (95% CI: 11.1-21.4) for all patients and 17.8 mo (95% CI: 13.9-21.7) for those receiving PPT. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that IORT is associated with manageable toxicity. Considering the limitations of a 15-patient phase I/II trial, further studies aimed at assessing an outcome benefit are warranted. ER  - 
Impaired health-related quality of life in adolescent myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome: The impact of core symptoms$$$ Objective: The objectives of this study were to compare the health-related quality of life (HRQOL) of a North American population of adolescents and young adults with myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome (ME/CFS) to (1) healthy controls (HC), (2) adolescents with ME/CFS in other countries, and (3) other forms of pediatric chronic illness, and (4) to examine the influence of the core illness symptoms in the Institute of Medicine (IOM) case definition on impaired HRQOL. Study design: Cross-sectional study comparing individuals with ME/CFS referred to a tertiary care Chronic Fatigue clinic and HC. Eligible participants were age 10-30 years and met the Fukuda criteria for CFS. HC were eligible if they were age 10-30 years, with self-reported good, very good, or excellent general health. Pediatric HRQOL was measured using the PedsQL (Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory) and other validated instruments. Results: We enrolled 55 consecutive ME/CFS patients (46 F) aged 10-23 years. From a pool of 69 potential HC we selected 55 with similar age and gender distribution for comparison. The total and subscale scores on the PedsQL and on all other measures of HRQOL indicated significantly worse function among those with ME/CFS (all P < 0.001). The self-reported frequency of post-exertional malaise (PEM) was significantly associated with the severity of impaired HRQOL (P < 0.001). Cognitive impairment had a weaker association with the PedsQL score (P = 0.02). Orthostatic intolerance was present in 96% of the ME/CFS population. Of the 55 who satisfied the Fukuda criteria, 47 (85%) also satisfied the IOM criteria for the diagnosis. Those meeting the IOM criteria had worse PedsQL total scores than those meeting just the Fukuda criteria (P < 0.001). Conclusions: HRQOL was substantially lower in an ambulatory population of adolescents and young adults with ME/CFS than for healthy controls in North America, consistent with reports from other continents. HRQOL was also lower in ME/CFS than has been described in children with asthma, diabetes mellitus, epilepsy, eosinophilic gastroenteritis, and cystic fibrosis. The findings of this study lend further support to the inclusion of PEM, cognitive impairment, and orthostatic intolerance as core symptoms of pediatric ME/CFS. ER  - 
Pain catastrophizing in childhood migraine: An observational study in a tertiary headache center$$$ Background: Migraine is the most common cause of primary headache in children leading to a decrease in the quality of life. During the last decade, pain catastrophizing construct became a major focus of interest in the study and treatment of pain. Aim of the study: 1) To evaluate pain catastrophizing in episodic and chronic migraine children and adolescents selected in a tertiary headache Center. 2) To test whether the children's pain catastrophizing might be associated (a) with the frequency of attacks and disability (b) with psychopathological aspects (c) with allodynia and total tenderness score as symptom of central sensitization. 3) To test the best discriminating clinical variables and scores between episodic and chronic migraine, including pain catastrophizing. Methods: We conducted a cross sectional observational study on consecutive pediatric patients affected by migraine. We selected 190 headache patients who met the diagnostic criteria for Migraine without aura, Migraine with aura and Chronic migraine. We submitted all children to the Child version of the Pain Catastrophizing Scale (PCS-C), and to the disability scale for migraine (PedMIDAS), general quality of life estimated by children (PedsQL) and parents (PedsQL-P), anxiety and depression (SAFA-A; SAFA-D) scales. We also evaluated headache frequency and the presence and severity of allodynia and pericranial tenderness. Results: No difference was detected in Total Pain Catastrophizing score (PCS-C) between chronic and episodic migraine groups (ANOVA F = 0.59, p = 0.70); the PedMIDAS, the PedsQL-P for physical functioning and the Total Tenderness Score were discriminant variables between episodic and chronic migraine. The PCS-C was not correlated with migraine related disability as expressed by Ped MIDAS, but it was significantly correlated with general low quality of life, allodynia, pericranial tenderness, anxiety, and depression. Conclusion: Pain catastrophizing seems a mental characteristic of a clinical phenotype with psychopathological traits and enhanced expression of central sensitization symptoms. This clinical profile causes general decline in quality of life in the child judgment, with a probable parents' underestimation. In childhood age, it would not be a feature of chronic migraine, but the possibility that it could predict this evolution is consistent and worthy of further prospective evaluation. ER  - 
The different clinical features between autoimmune and infectious status epilepticus$$$ Objective: The prognosis of status epilepticus (SE) is highly related to the underlying etiology. Inflammation of the central nervous system (CNS), including infection and autoimmune encephalitis, is one of the treatable conditions causing SE. The initial presentation of infectious and autoimmune CNS disorders can be quite similar, which may be difficult to differentiate at the beginning. However, treatment for these entities can be quite different. In this study, we aim to identify the differences in clinical features among patients with infectious and autoimmune SE, which could help the clinicians to select initial investigation and ensuing therapies that may improve overall outcomes. Methods: This was a retrospective study that included 501 patients with SE within a period of 10.5-years. Patients with inflammatory etiology were collected and separated into infectious and autoimmune SE. The symptoms at onset, SE semiology, status epilepticus severity score, and END-IT score at admission, treatment for SE, and outcome (modified Rankin Scale) on discharge and last follow-up were recorded. Data on the first cerebrospinal fluid, electroencephalography, and magnetic resonance imaging were also collected. Results: Forty-six (9.2%) of the 501 patients had SE with inflammatory etiology. Twenty-five (5%) patients were autoimmune SE and 21 (4.2%) were infectious SE. Patients with autoimmune SE have younger age and female predominance. As for clinical presentations, psychosis, non-convulsive SE, and super refractory SE were more common in patients with autoimmune SE. Nevertheless, the prognosis showed no difference between the two groups. Conclusion: The different initial clinical presentations and patient characteristics may provide some clues about the underlying etiology of SE. When inflammatory etiology is suspected in patients with SE, younger age, female sex, psychosis, non-convulsive SE, and super refractory SE are clinical features that suggest an autoimmune etiology. ER  - 
Evaluation of enquiries regarding Brugmansia suaveolens exposures to the Austrian Poisons Information Centre$$$ Objective: All parts of Brugmansia suaveolens (previously Datura suaveolens) contain tropane alkaloids (0.25% to 0.7%), especially scopolamine (up to 75%), L-hyoscyamine, and atropine. The plant is sometimes used for its hallucinogenic effects. The aim of this study was to evaluate enquiries regarding Brugmansia suaveolens exposures. Methods: A retrospective review of enquiries to the Austrian Poisons Information Centre concerning Brugmansia suaveolens from 2002 to 2017 was conducted. Data extracted included age cohort, route of exposure, symptoms and poisoning severity score (PSS). Results: Overall 245 cases were extracted from the database. Of these 110 enquiries involved children (6 months-14 years) and most were oral exposures (n= 84). Symptoms occurred in 12 children. Minor symptoms occurred in 9 cases (nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, hyperthermia, mydriasis, drowsiness) and moderate symptoms (confusion, hallucinations) in three patients. All 9 cases of ocular exposure developed mydriasis (PSS 1). In 2 of 17 cases of dermal exposures mild symptoms (hyperthermia, nausea) occurred, however, the causality in these cases was unclear. There were 135 enquiries regarding adults (>15 years). After excluding nine patients due to the additional intake of other substances, 126 cases were evaluated. Of 85 cases of oral exposures, symptoms occurred in 75 cases, of which 66 patients ingested Brugmansia suaveolens for its hallucinogenic effects. In 12 cases symptoms were mild with mydriasis, nausea, xerostomia, gastralgia, drowsiness, somnolence, vertigo, dyspnoea, and muscle fasciculation. In 60 patients moderate symptoms occurred with mydriasis, xerostomia, nausea, vomiting, sinus tachycardia, hypertension, facial paresis, confusion, agitation, hallucination, drowsiness, somnolence, coma responsive to pain, muscle fasciculation, infrequent seizures and delirium. Three patients had severe symptoms with mydriasis, fixed pupils, sinus tachycardia, hypertension, confusion, deep coma unresponsive to pain and frequent generalized seizures. All adult patients with ocular exposure (n= 23) developed mydriasis (PSS 1). In 5 of 12 patients with dermal exposure minor symptoms occurred with hyperthermia, vomiting, diarrhoea and skin lesions; the causality in these cases was unclear. In two cases parts of Brugmansia suaveolens were inhaled causing hallucinations (PSS 2). In four patients the route of exposure was unclear; two had moderate symptoms (mydriasis, confusion, hallucinations). Conclusion: Overall there were 236 single-agent exposures to Brugmansia suaveolens. Symptoms occurred in 23 (21%) of 110 paediatric and 107 (85%) of 126 adult patients. Symptoms were minor in 60 patients (46%), moderate in 67 patients (52%) and severe in 3 cases (2%). In adults exposure to Brugmansia suaveolens was most commonly intentional for its hallucinogenic effects. ER  - 
Emergency department presentations related to acute toxicity following recreational use of cannabis products in Switzerland$$$ Objective: Cannabis is the most commonly used psychoactive substance worldwide. Although the recreational use of cannabis is usually associated with low toxicity, severe cases including fatalities have been reported. Since co-use of alcohol or other psychoactive substances is very common, it is often difficult to differentiate the acute effects of lone cannabis intoxication from those of other substances. We reviewed clinical effects and outcome in patients presenting to hospital after recreational use of cannabis. Methods: Retrospective analysis of all cases presenting at the emergency departments of three large hospitals in Switzerland (University Hospital Bern, University Hospital Basel, Ente Ospedaliero Cantonale of Southern Switzerland) due to acute toxicity related to recreational use of cannabis alone or in combination with other substances. Results: During the study period (Bern: May 2012-March 2018; Basel: October 2013-March 2018; Southern Switzerland: January 2017-March 2018), 717 attendances were related to acute toxicity of cannabis used recreationally, with 112 cases due to cannabis alone (16%). The mean patient age of the lone cannabis intoxications was 27 years (range 15-68 years), and 78% (n= 87) were male. The route of administration was inhaled/smoked in 61 cases (54%), oral in 16 cases (14%), and not recorded in 35 cases (31%). The most commonly reported clinical symptoms/ signs were palpitations (n= 24, 21%), impaired consciousness (i.e. Glasgow Coma Score (GCS) 7-14; n= 22, 20%), nausea/vomiting (n= 21, 19%), and anxiety (n= 19, 17%). Treatment was required in 78 cases (70%), including intubation in one case (1%) and sedation in 25 cases (22%). Most intoxications were of minor severity (n= 67, 60%) and there were no fatalities. Severe complications included coma (n= 9, 8%), psychosis (n= 7, 6%), hallucinations (n= 6, 5%), seizures (n= 5, 4%), supraventricular arrhythmia (n= 1, 1%), and respiratory depression (n= 1, 1%). Most patients (n= 92, 82%) were medically discharged from the emergency department, 12 (11%) were referred to psychiatric care and one (1%) to the intensive care unit. Conclusion: In most cases lone cannabis intoxication was associated with minor toxicity. Nevertheless, severe complications including coma were also reported, and there were cases requiring intubation and admission to intensive or psychiatric care, indicating that lone cannabis intoxication does not exclude considerable health risks. ER  - 
Fluoxetine-induced seizure in a pediatric patient$$$ Objective: Fluoxetine is a commonly prescribed selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor (SSRI), known to be associated with serotonin toxicity, but with a relatively low risk of seizure. We present a case of fluoxetine-induced seizure in an adolescent. Case report: A 15-year-old male with a history of depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and oppositional defiant disorder, presented to a community emergency department after intentional ingestion of 500mg fluoxetine (25 × 20mg tablets, 8.1 mg/kg) 3 hours prior to arrival. He was transferred to a tertiary care center for anticipated clinical course. Prior to transfer, the patient had 45 seconds of generalized tonic-clonic seizure activity, followed by a post-ictal period of 15minutes. He was given lorazepam 1mg intravenously following the seizure activity. Upon arrival at the tertiary care facility, his mental status and vital signs had returned to baseline. He was found to have patellar hyperreflexia with normal upper extremity reflexes, and continuous bilateral ankle clonus. Examination of head and neck revealed a left lateral tongue laceration. Serum ethanol, acetaminophen, and salicylates were undetectable. Qualitative urine gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GS/MS) identified fluoxetine, caffeine, and nicotine. Serum chemistry was notable for a potassium concentration of 4.0 mmol/L and creatinine 0.75mg/dL. A serum sample obtained approximately 12 hours after ingestion demonstrated serum fluoxetine and norfluoxetine concentrations of 434 μg/L (normal range 47-469 μg/L) and 103 μg/L (normal range 52 to 446 μg/L), respectively. His serotonin toxicity resolved by hospital day 2 and he was subsequently transferred to an inpatient psychiatric facility on day 4 without neurologic sequelae or recurrence of seizure activity. Conclusion: Fluoxetine was described early in the literature as having anticonvulsant effects both in animals and humans. Of commonly prescribed SSRIs, retrospective studies have demonstrated that fluoxetine is the least likely to cause seizure, occurring in 1% of patients presenting with fluoxetine overdose. There is at least one other case reported in children, however data is lacking in the pediatric population. Although our patient had apparently therapeutic concentrations of fluoxetine and norfluoxetine, this may have been due to the delay in sampling. He had no known preexisting history of seizure disorder or predilection. Caffeine was also found in the patient's urine and although methylxanthines can cause seizure, he did not demonstrate any other signs of caffeine toxicity. Nicotine was also found, however he did not display any clinical signs of nicotine toxicity. This pediatric patient's seizure is most appropriately attributed to fluoxetine. ER  - 
Seizures resulting from ethanol withdrawal: Management and prognosis in the intensive care unit$$$ Objective: In France, excessive ethanol use represents a major public health problem with resulting morbidities and social and medical expenses. Chronic alcohol drinking induces dependence and tolerance and may thus be responsible for withdrawal syndrome complicated by seizures due to ethanol-induced alterations in brain neurotransmitters including gamma-aminobutyric acid/glutamine imbalance. Our objective was to describe patient characteristics, morbidities, management and final outcome of the patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) due to ethanol withdrawal complicated by seizures. Methods: We conducted a retrospective single-center observational study including all presumed chronic alcoholic patients admitted to the ICU from 2014 to 2018 for ethanol withdrawalinduced seizures. The diagnosis was considered by the physicians in charge based on the results of all useful clinical, biological, imaging and electroencephalogram (EEG) data usually required to rule out alternative diagnoses. Results: Fifty-three patients [45 males (85%) and 8 females (15%); age 49 years (12) (median (interquartile range)] were included in the study. The patients were homeless (44%) and jobless (52%). They had previously presented ethanol withdrawal syndrome (62%) including seizures (53%). Patients developed status epilepticus (70%) associated with delirium tremens (13%). Complications included aspiration pneumonia (49%), cardiovascular failure (18%, mainly vasoplegic shock requiring norepinephrine infusion), neurological deficits (8%) and skin compression lesions (19%). Patients required mechanical ventilation (53%) for 3 days (12). All patients were treated with anticonvulsive drugs of which the two mostly commonly used were levetiracetam (80%) and clonazepam (72%). Two patients (4%) died. Readmission to the emergency department (49%) and re-hospitalization in an ICU or medical ward (38%) were remarkable during the first year following their ICU admission, while only 13% had psychological and addictological follow-up. Conclusion: Ethanol withdrawal may be responsible for seizures in the chronic alcoholic requiring ICU admission with life-threatening complications and death. Our data support once again the absolute necessity to strengthen the fight against excessive ethanol drinking in our society. ER  - 
Effect of radiance-dimmer devices simulating natural sunlight rhythm on the plasma melatonin levels and anxiety and depression scores of the submarine personnel$$$ Objective: Not perceiving circadian shifts of sunlight due to living in enclosed environments may have deleterious effects on mental health and plasma parameters. This study aimed to determine the effect of dim regulation on the submarine personnel of Iranian Navy forces by radiating devices according to natural circadian sunlight shifts. Also, this study aimed to investigate the impact of mimicking sunlight circadian by artificial radiance luminating devices on the serological and psychological measures of submarine personnel. Method: Participants were randomly assigned to experimental and control groups in this non-randomized controlled trial. There were 26 participants in each group, and they were all male aged 21-29 years. Both groups were living in the submarine underground hall, with 120 meters 2 area with constant radiance with the same intensity. The experimental group had been given extra lighting devices with changing radiance intensity according to the natural sunlight circadian cycles. Plasma melatonin levels and depression and anxiety scores were determined before and after the experiment for both groups. Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) and Cattell’s Anxiety Scale Questionnaire (IPAT) were used to measure depression and anxiety, respectively. Results: Findings indicate that the plasma melatonin levels (-16.2±13.6 vs 8.0±9.3 mg/dL, respectively; p<0.001), depression scores (-6±6 vs 3.9±5.4, respectively; p<0.001), and anxiety scores (-1±1.2 vs 0.73±1.04, respectively; p<0.001) significantly reduced in the experimental group compared to the control group. Conclusion: Using radiance dimmers, with a radiance intensity regularity according to the sunlight, is effective in improving psychiatric and plasma parameters and can be used in closed occupational environments such as underground environments and submarine halls. ER  - 
Epilepsy and neurodevelopmental outcomes in children with etiologically diagnosed central nervous system infections: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Central nervous system (CNS) infection in childhood can lead to neurological sequelae, including epilepsy, and neurodevelopmental disorders, such as attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD). This study investigated the association of etiologically diagnosed childhood brain infections with the subsequent risks of epilepsy and neurodevelopmental disorders. Objectives: We retrospectively analyzed the data of children aged <18 years who had definite brain infections with positive cerebrospinal fluid cultures from January 1, 2005, to December 31, 2017. These patients were followed to evaluate the risks of epilepsy and neurodevelopmental disease (ADHD and ASD) after brain infections (group 1) in comparison with the risks in those without brain infections (group 2). Results: A total of 145 patients with an average age of 41.2 months were included in group 1. Enterovirus accounted for the majority of infections, followed by group B Streptococcus, S. pneumoniae, and herpes simplex virus. A total of 292 patients with an average age of 44.8 months were included in group 2. The 12-year risk of epilepsy in group 1 was 10.7 (95% confidence interval [CI], 2.30–49; p < 0.01). Compared with group 2 (reference), the risk of ASD in the age interval of 2–5 years in group 1 was 21.3 (95% CI, 1.33–341.4; p = 0.03). The incidence of ADHD in group 1 was not significantly higher than that in group 2. Conclusions: This study identified the common etiological causes of brain infections in Taiwanese children. The highest-risk neurodevelopmental sequelae associated with brain infections was epilepsy. Children who had a diagnosis of brain infection (specially Enterovirus) should be followed since they are at greater risk of developing epilepsy and ASD. ER  - 
A multicenter, matched case-control analysis comparing burden-of-illness in Dravet syndrome to refractory epilepsy and seizure remission in patients and caregivers in Germany$$$ Objective: To compare direct and indirect costs and quality of life (QoL) of pediatric and adult patients with Dravet syndrome (DS), with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) and in seizure remission (SR), and their caregivers, in Germany. Methods: Questionnaire responses from 93 DS patients and their caregivers were matched by age and gender with responses from 93 DRE and 93 SR patients collected in independent studies, and were compared across main components of QoL, direct costs (patient visits, medication use, care level, medical equipment, and ancillary treatments), and indirect costs (quitting job, reduced working hours, missed days). Results: Mean total direct costs were highest for DS patients (€4864 [median €3564] vs €3049 [median €1506] for DRE [excluding outliers], P = 0.01; and €1007 [median €311], P < 0.001 for SR). Total lost productivity over 3 months was highest among caregivers of pediatric DS (€4757, median €2841), compared with those of DRE (€1541, P < 0.001; median €0) and SR patients (€891, P < 0.001; median €0). The proportions of caregivers in employment were similar across groups (62% DS, 63% DRE, and 63% SR) but DS caregivers were more likely to experience changes to their working situation, such as quitting their job (40% DS vs 16% DRE and 9% SR, P < 0.001 in both comparisons). KINDL scores were significantly lower for DS patients (62 vs 74 and 72, P < 0.001 in both comparisons), and lower than for the average German population (77). Pediatric caregiver EQ-5D scores across all cohorts were comparable with population norms, but more DS caregivers experienced moderate to severe depressive symptoms (24% vs 11% and 5%). Mean Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II) score was significantly higher in DS caregivers than either of the other groups (P < 0.001). Significance: This first comparative study of Dravet syndrome to difficult-to-treat epilepsy and to epilepsy patients in seizure remission emphasizes the excess burden of DS in components of QoL and direct costs. The caregivers of DS patients have a greater impairment of their working lives (indirect costs) and increased depression symptoms. ER  - 
Clinical utility of multigene panel testing in adults with epilepsy and intellectual disability$$$ Objective: To determine the diagnostic yield of a commercial epilepsy gene panel in adults with chronic epilepsy and accompanying intellectual disability, given that genetic evaluation is often overlooked in this group of patients. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study analyzing the results of epilepsy gene panels including up to 185 genes in adult epilepsy patients with intellectual disability, according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fifth edition. Patients with acquired structural brain abnormalities or known chromosomal abnormalities were excluded. Results: From approximately 600 patients seen from January 2017 to June 2018 at a single academic epilepsy center, 64 probands and two affected relatives (32 males, mean age = 31 years ± 10) were selected and clinically tested. Fourteen probands (14/64 = 22%; four males, mean age = 32 years ± 10) were found to have pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants in the following genes: SCN1A, GABRB3, UBE3A, KANSL1, SLC2A1, KCNQ2, SLC6A1, HNRNPU, STX1B, SCN2A, PURA, and CHD2. Six variants arose de novo, and the inheritance was not determined in eight. Nine probands (64%) had severe or profound intellectual disability, and five (35%) had autistic features. Eight patients (57%) had a diagnostic change from presumptive clinical diagnosis prior to genetic testing. Significance: We were able to demonstrate that a commercial epilepsy gene panel can be an important resource in clinical practice, identifying the etiology in 22% of adults with epilepsy and intellectual disability. The diagnostic yield is similar to previously reported pediatric cohorts. Larger samples would be required to evaluate the more prevalent genotypes among adult epilepsy patients. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric and neurocognitive manifestations in HIV-infected children treated with efavirenz in South Africa-a retrospective case series$$$ Background: Efavirenz is associated with transient neuropsychiatric manifestations but the impact on neurocognition in children is unknown. Genetically slow metabolizers of efavirenz may be at risk of toxicity. This study describes neuropsychiatric and neurocognitive manifestations of South African children with suspected efavirenz neurotoxicity. Method: This retrospective study describes clinical features of 12 children with features consistent with efavirenz neurotoxicity between 2008 and 2014. Results: Twelve children (4 males, 8 females) aged 3-12 years (median 8.4 years) were referred to a dedicated pediatric neuroHIV service. Eight were of indigenous African (black) ancestry and 4 were of mixed ancestry. The total duration on efavirenz-containing ART at the time of referral was 6-72 (mean 31) months. Two children (both of black ancestry) were phenotypically slow metabolizers and presented with acute manifestations and high plasma efavirenz concentrations above normal range resulting in discontinuation of efavirenz. Ten other children had clinical presentations compatible with efavirenz neurotoxicity but had normal or sub-therapeutic plasma efavirenz concentrations and continued treatment with efavirenz. The acute neuropsychiatric manifestations reported included drowsiness, seizures, sleep disturbances, personality changes, ataxia, and slurred speech. These were noticed 2-8 weeks (mean 5 weeks) after commencing efavirenz and resolved over a few weeks. Nine children had neurocognitive deficits and showed poor performance in all neurocognitive domains that were tested. Interpretation: Efavirenz causes transient neuropsychiatric adverse effects and may contribute to poor long-term neurocognitive outcomes in HIV-infected children. Prospective studies comparing efavirenz-treated and efavirenz-naïve children are needed to further elucidate the manifestations of efavirenz toxicity. ER  - 
Identifying the association of depression and distress in pakistani patients diagnosed with epilepsy$$$ Objectives: Depression plays an important role among patients diagnosed with epileptic disorders. It is believed that depression is recognised as major psychological issue in Pakistan. Our study aims to identify depression and distress among Pakistani patients diagnosed with epilepsy. We also aim to find out the relationship among depression and distress caused by epilepsy Methods: A cross sectional study was conducted in Sir GangaRam Hospital Lahore during June 2016 to October 2017. Total of 80 patients diagnosed with Epilepsy were included in the study. A personalized health questionnaire was used to classify depression among patients. A depression scale was used to identify factors such as social distress, interpersonal distress, movement disorder distress, physician related distress, emotional distress and regimen related distress. Results: The rate of depression was 39% among patients diagnosed with epilepsy. 8% were categorised as mild depression, 14% moderate depression and 17% with severe depression. Seizures associated depression was found in 71% of the selected population. Rates of social distress, interpersonal distress, physician related distress, emotional distress, regimen related distress were 23%, 33.5%, 17.8%, 73.4% and 42.6 respectively. Conclusions: Our study concludes that depression associated with epilepsy is very common and this is an alarming condition for Pakistani population. We need to develop and modify our management plans in order to combat this deadly distress. Mass media should be involved in order to raise awareness about depression. ER  - 
Nucleus accumbens shell surgery for chronic refractory epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities: Stereotactic neurosurgical technique, electrophysiology and long-term follow-up$$$ Objectives: We have demonstrated the efficacy and safety in ablating the ventromedial shell of nucleus accumbens (NAc) in drug addiction (see Stereotact Funct Neurosurg 2014:92:37-43; https://www.karger.com/Article/FullText/350036). Recently, we applied diffusion probabilistic tractography to subdivide the NAc into core and shell portions in individual temporal lobe epilepsy patients to guide stereotactic localization of NAc shell (see Hum Brain Mapp 2018;39(3):1232-1245; https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/hbm.23912). This study was performed to describe in detail the method for NAc shell stereotactic surgery (ablation and DBS) and investigate the efficacy and safety of NAc shell surgery for chronic refractory epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities. Methods: In a case series of 67 patients with chronic refractory epilepsy (not suitable for surgical resection) and psychiatric comorbidities (depression and anxiety), 64 patients received ablation and 3 patients underwent DBS from 2008 to 2017. Seizure frequency, neurocognitive testing, Liverpool Seizure Severity Score, Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory, Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety, Mini-Mental State Examination and Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview were obtained in follow-up. Results: Within a mean follow-up period of 48.6 months (range 12-96 months), 35 patients (33 ablation and 2 DBS) had ≥75% reduction in frequency of disabling seizures. Postoperative anxiety, depression, and compulsive personality disorder significantly improved, and there was no significant change in memory. No deaths and serious complications occurred in this group. Interestingly, ratings of depression and anxiety were reduced in most patients but more pronounced in the best seizure responders. Conclusions: We provided initial evidence for safety and feasibility of NAc shell surgery for patients with chronic refractory epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities, but this should be validated in a large and, preferably, a randomized double-blinded trial. ER  - 
Comparative toxicity of venlafaxine and duloxetine utilizing data reported to the national poison data system$$$ Background: Venlafaxine (VLF) is a serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI). Its toxicity is characterized by neurologic and cardiovascular effects. These effects include agitation, tremors, seizures, tachycardia and conduction disturbances. Duloxetine (DUL) is another SNRI. Clinical effects for DUL exposures are characterized as causing minor toxicity and rarely result in serious morbidity or mortality. However, we were not able to identify any comparative studies between VLF and DUL characterizing their clinical effects and medical outcomes of exposures. The objective of this study was to compare the clinical effects and medical outcomes between VLF and DUL exposures reported to the National Poison Data System (NPDS). Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted analyzing data from the NPDS for single agent exposures (VLF or DUL) reported to the American Association of Poison Control Centers (AAPCC) from August 2013 through December 2018. Excluded cases were those with multiple drug ingestions, non-ingestion route, outcomes that were unrelated, confirmed non-exposures, and no follow-up. Case outcomes as defined by AAPCC criteria and symptoms were compared. Chi-square or Fisher exact test, relative risk and 95% confidence intervals were calculated between VLF and DUL for non-significant (no effect/minor) and clinically significant (moderate/major/death) adverse outcome severity and common symptoms. Results: There were 8309 VLF and 5481 DUL cases that met inclusion criteria. The majority of patients were female, 65.3% for VLF and 67.0% for DUL. Median age was 22 years old for VLF, and 20 years old for DUL. The odds of having a clinically significant (moderate/major/death) adverse outcome was significantly higher for VLF (RR =1.414, 95% CI =1.326-1.508). In the VLF patients, there was significantly greater risk of developing acidosis, agitation, conduction disturbances, confusion, CPK elevation, diaphoresis, electrolyte abnormalities, fever, hallucinations, tachypnea, hypotension, muscle rigidity, mydriasis, seizures, tachycardia and tremors (Table 1). DUL patients had significantly greater risk of having abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea (Table 1). Conclusion: In this comparison of single agent ingestions of VLF or DUL, VLF patients had greater odds of having significant outcome severity coded as a moderate, major or fatal outcome. VLF exposures also had significantly greater incidences of neurologic and cardiovascular clinical effects. The results of this study demonstrate the relative safety of DUL when compared to VLF utilizing data reported to the NPDS. Importantly, these comparative study results are consistent with previous VLF or DUL reviews. ER  - 
Exposures to pramipexole and ropinirole reported to US poison control centers$$$ Background: Ropinirole and pramipexole are selective dopamine agonists used in the treatment of Parkinson disease and restless leg syndrome. Adverse effects in therapeutic use include orthostatic hypotension, somnolence, dyskinesia, nausea, and hallucinations. However little is known about the clinical effects of these agents in overdose. The objective of this study is to characterize exposure to pramipexole and ropinirole reported to US poison control centers. Methods: This is a retrospective review of single substance exposures to pramipexole or ropinirole reported to the American Association of Poison Control Center's National Poison Data System (NPDS) between January 1, 2005 and December 31, 2014. Only cases followed to a known outcome were included for analysis. Results: During the study period, there were 5,753 exposures to ropinirole and pramipexole reported to NPDS. There were 3,109 (54.0%) cases followed to a known outcome. Ropinirole accounted for 1641 cases (52.8%) and pramipexole accounted for 1468 cases (47.2%). The median age for the population was 4 years old (mean: 24 years, range: 7 months - 97 years) and females were most commonly exposed (1662, 53.5%). The reasons for exposure reported most frequently reported were unintentional - general (1707, 54.9%), unintentional - therapeutic error (795, 25.6%), intentional - suspected suicide (294, 9.5%) and adverse reaction - drug (151, 4.9%). Most patients were managed in a health care facility (1886, 60.7%), with many patients treated evaluated and released from the emergency department (1265, 67.1%). Medical outcomes are summarized in Table 1. Death was reported following pramipexole exposure in 2 cases, and there were no deaths reported from ropinirole. In pediatric patients 5% of the study population include: drowsiness (1066, 34.3%), vomiting (911, 29.3%), nausea (387, 12.4%), “other” (201, 6.5%), tachycardia (183, 5.9%) and dizziness/ vertigo (179, 5.8%). More severe symptoms occurred less frequently following exposure: hypotension (75, 2.5%), hallucinations (52, 1.7%), dystonia (38, 1.2%) respiratory depression (10, 0.3%), coma (7, 0.2%) and seizure(s) (6, 0.2%). Conclusions: Clinical effects in overdose of the dopamine agonists pramipexole and ropinirole are similar to the adverse effects experienced in therapeutic use. Death and major effects were rare. However, a significant portion of exposures required emergency department management or admission to the hospital. Thus, symptomatic adults may require medical evaluation. Though serious outcomes in pediatric patients were rare, further research is needed to determine which exposures require referral to a healthcare facility. ER  - 
Delirium Predisposing and Triggering Factors in Nursing Home Residents: A Cohort Trial-Nested Case-Control Study$$$ Background: Delirium is a common geriatric syndrome, with a prevalence of between 15-70% among older long-term care residents. It is associated with adverse outcomes, and its onset may prove imperceptible to health professionals. Few studies in institutionalized older people have analyzed the predictors of delirium. Objective: The aim of the present study was to identify delirium predisposing and triggering factors, and develop a predictive model. Methods: A cohort trial-nested case-control study covering a period of 12 consecutive months (April 2015 - March 2016) was carried out. Predisposing and triggering episodes of delirium were recorded. Results: A total of 443 older persons were recruited, with a mean age of 85.73 (6.72) years and female predominance (78.3%; n = 374). The incidence of older people with delirium was 18.7% (n = 83). Dementia was the predisposing factor with the highest predictive capacity (OR = 2.74 [1.49-5.04]). In the presence of dementia, falls (OR = 2.45 [1.49-3.69]), neuroleptics (OR = 2.39 [1.23-4.65]) and anticholinergic drug use (OR = 1.87 [0.95-3.69]) were identified as triggering factors. The area under the curve (AUC) was 0.72 (95% CI: 0.66-0.78). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that interventions targeted to potentially preventable triggering factors could avoid the onset of delirium in older people with dementia. Knowledge of the predictive factors of delirium facilitates the screening of older people at increased risk, thereby allowing mental health service providers to prevent and identify the onset of a delirium episode. The decrease in delirium predictive factors should lead to a direct reduction in the occurrence of delirium and its consequences. ER  - 
Factors Associated with the High Prevalence of Dementia in Older Aboriginal Australians$$$ Dementia prevalence in Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians is three to five times higher than the general Australian population. A better understanding of the underlying biomedical and social risk factors is needed to guide dementia prevention in Aboriginal Australians. The current study is the first to examine potential risk factors for dementia in the majority urban and regional population, with a representative sample of 336 Aboriginal Australians aged 60 years and older. Participants included 45 people with a dementia diagnosis (n = 27 probable/possible Alzheimer's disease); and 286 people without dementia. Univariate logistic regression analyses (controlling for age) identified childhood trauma, mid-life factors (history of unskilled work, past high-risk alcohol use), and medical factors (history of stroke, head injury with loss of consciousness, epilepsy) as risk factors for dementia. Multivariable analysis revealed age, childhood trauma, unskilled work, stroke, and head injury as independent predictors of all-cause dementia. A range of comorbid factors related to dementia was also identified (i.e., functional impairment, incontinence, recent hospital admission, low body mass index, living in residential care, depression, current high-risk alcohol use, social isolation, low physical activity levels). These findings extend previous outcomes in a remote Aboriginal population by highlighting that life-course social determinants of health, in addition to neurological disorders, likely play an important role in elevating dementia risk. Certain psychosocial and medical exposures are highly prevalent in Aboriginal Australians, similar to other indigenous populations, and should be considered when designing targeted and culturally appropriate prevention initiatives to reduce the burden of dementia. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) for Refractory Psychiatric Symptoms in Huntington's Disease: A Case Series and Review of the Literature$$$ Background: Huntington's disease (HD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disease characterized by involuntary movements and neuropsychiatric decline. With suicide rates five times higher in patients with HD compared to the general population, there is a need for further research into the management of affective symptoms in these patients. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been long used as a treatment for severe or medication-refractory mood disorders and catatonia. There are some case studies demonstrating ECT's positive effect on depression and agitation in HD, but the data is limited. Objective: In this single site case series, we review ECT use for four HD patients with medication-refractory depression and/or psychosis to better assess the utility of ECT in this population. We also compile and review the existing literature on the topic. Methods: A single-center retrospective case series was conducted reviewing the indications, outcomes, and regimen of ECT treatments. Literature review was conducted via PubMed. Results: Four patients received ECT treatment during an inpatient hospitalization with three continuing maintenance therapy as an outpatient. All four had improvements in depression, agitation, and suicidal ideation leading to successful hospital discharge. One of the four patients also demonstrated subjective improvement in cognitive and motor symptoms after ECT initiation. Nineteen reported cases were identified through the literature review and are summarized. Conclusions: This case series adds to the existing literature demonstrating the successful use of ECT for psychiatric symptoms in HD. Larger scale studies are warranted to further investigate the specific role and protocol for the use of ECT in the management of refractory depression and psychosis in this population. ER  - 
Characteristics of patients intubated for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Learning Objectives: Patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) sometimes receive aggressive treatment leading to endotracheal intubation in the emergency department (ED). This study described characteristics and outcomes of intubated PNES patients. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed all patients with PNES as a discharge diagnosis who underwent continuous electroencephalography (cEEG) monitoring at Henry Ford Hospital between January 2012 and October 2017. Demographics, clinical presentation and treatments in the ED, and cEEG reports were compared between PNES patients who were intubated and those who were not. Results: Of 1,735 patients who underwent cEEG monitoring, 144 patients had PNES as a principal diagnosis. Twenty-four of these patients (17%) were intubated. Compared with non-intubated patients, intubated PNES patients were more likely to be white (91% vs 63%, P = 0.01), have lower admission Glasgow Coma Scale scores (12 [IQR 11-15] vs 15 [IQR 15-15], P < 0.001), have convulsive symptoms in the ED (100% vs 76%, P = 0.004), and have longer seizure duration in the ED (12 [interquartile range, IQR 2-49] vs 2 [IQR 1-7 minutes, P = 0.044), In addition, intubated PNES patients were more frequently diagnosed as status epilepticus (88% vs 8%, P < 0.001), treated with multiple antiepileptic drugs (AEDs, 2 [IQR 1-3] vs 1 [IQR 1-2], P = 0.001) and continuous infusion AEDs (CIV-AEDs, 55% vs 9%, P < 0.001), and received higher dose of benzodiazepines (30 [IQR 18-44] vs 10 [IQR 5-20] mg of diazepam equivalents, P = 0.001). There was no mortality; the rate of re- hospitalization within 30 days was substantially higher in intubated PNES patients (21% vs 5%, P = 0.02). Conclusions: Seventeen percent of PNES patients were intubated, and these patients have a high rate of re-hospitalization. Prolonged seizure duration, depressed level of consciousness, and aggressive treatment with benzodiazepines place PNES patients at risk for unnecessary intubation. ER  - 
Valproic acid versus quetiapine for hyperactive or mixed delirium in critically ill patients$$$ Learning Objectives: VPA is effective for agitation therapy and has been shown to reduce the incidence of ICU delirium. It has not been evaluated as a first-line agent for delirium or compared to standard-of-care antipsychotics such as QTP. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of VPA as firstline therapy for ICU delirium compared to QTP. Methods: This was a retrospective study including patients ≥18 years admitted to the trauma ICU with hyperactive or mixed delirium treated with VPA or QTP. Patients with alcohol withdrawal, seizure or dementia history, use of both study drugs prior to day 5, concurrent paralytics, atypical antipsychotics other than QTP, or ketamine use were excluded. The primary outcome was time to delirium resolution. Delirium and agitation were assessed using the Intensive Care Delirium Screening Checklist (ICDSC) and Richmond Agitation-Sedation Scale (RASS) respectively. Secondary outcomes were resolution of delirium by day 5 (ICDSC <4), % of time in agitation-free state (RASS <2), need for rescue medication, and change in opioid requirements from day 1 to 3. Adverse drug events (ADE), serum VPA concentrations, reason for study drug discontinuation and major drug-drug interactions (DDIs) were collected. Results: 58 patients were included for analysis (QTP: n = 39; VPA: n = 19). Patients in the VPA group were older (72 vs 47 yrs, p=0.01). Fifteen (79%) VPA and 33 (85%) QTP patients had delirium resolution. There was no difference in the primary outcome of time to delirium resolution (VPA 61 h vs. QTP 73 h, p=0.56). Resolution of delirium by day 5, % time with RASS <2, need for rescue medications, and opioids used were similar between groups. Five QTP patients required VPA addition after day 5. No patients in the VPA group required QTP addition (p=0.16). ADEs occurred in 26% VPA and 13% QTP patients (p=0.27). One patient in each group had study drug discontinued due to an ADE. No VPA levels monitored were toxic. DDIs were identified in 31% QTP vs. 11% VPA patients (p=0.11). Conclusions: Time to delirium resolution as well as incidence of delirium by day 5, % time in an agitation-free state, and incidence of ADEs was similar with VPA compared to QTP. VPA may be a safe and an effective option for hyperactive or mixed delirium. More trials are needed to validate our results. ER  - 
Neurotoxicity from cefepime in the neurotrauma unit$$$ Learning Objectives: A number of case reports document neurotoxicity, typically non-convulsive status epilepticus after 72 hours (hrs) of cefepime (CPE) in patients (pts) dosed inappropriately for renal function. This study evaluated neurotoxicity associated with CPE use in neurotrauma ICU patients. Neurotoxicity was defined as confusion, decreased level of consciousness, hallucinations, seizures (sz), coma, or abnormal EEG. Methods: This was an IRB approved retrospective, single-center cohort study of patients > 18 years old admitted to the neurotrauma ICU from May 2014 to June 2017 at a Level I trauma center. Included patients had a primary neurologic diagnosis, an EEG during admission, and received CPE for > 24 hrs. Excluded pts had a past medical history (PMH) of seizures (sz), DNR/DNI orders or transitioned to palliative care < 24 hrs after admission. Chi square and student's t-test were utilized for analysis; a p-value ≤ 0.05 was considered significant. Results: A total of 414 pts were screened; 149 met inclusion criteria. 16 pts experienced neurotoxicity on CPE (NT) vs 133 in the control group (CG). CG included patients with neurotoxicity prior to CPE or no neurotoxicity. There was no difference in age or sex between groups. Median admission GCS was 9 (NT) vs 11 (CG) (p=0.0147), and median APACHE IV scores were 17(NT) vs 15 (CG) (p=0.713). More NT patients had PMH of TBI (p=0.019), ICH (p=0.028), received antiparkinsons medications (p=0.011), opioids (p=0.02), and antibiotics (p=0.001) prior to admission. The indication for CPE was PNA & sepsis. Duration of CPE therapy was 257 + 284 hrs (NT) vs 110 + 107 hrs (CG) (p=0.058). Creatinine clearance was 80 + 25mL/min and 81 + 21 mL/min, respectively (P=0.986). Five NT vs 13 CG had sz activity on EEG. CG patients had higher rates of CAM-ICU scores (p=0.044). Duration of mechanical ventilation in days was 15 + 14 (NT) vs 13 + 10(CG) (p=0.577). There was no difference between groups in ICU and hospital LOS. Mortality rates were higher in NT group, 62.5% vs 27% (p=0.008). Conclusions: Neurotoxicity from CPE is a significant concern in neurotrauma patients; more studies are needed to establish rate of CPE-induced neurotoxicity and how various aspects (PMH, injury, administration of concomitant seizure threshold lowering medication) affect the rates of seizures. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of buparlisib, a PI3K inhibitor, in patients with malignancies harboring a PI3K pathway activation: A phase 2, open-label, single-arm study$$$ Background: Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) pathway activation plays a key role in tumorigenesis and has been associated with poor prognosis and resistance to multiple therapies in various cancers. Results: There were 146 patients enrolled; common tumor types were colorectal, sarcoma, and ovarian. Tumors had PI3K pathway alterations and a median of four mutations with tissue-specific patterns of mutation burden (lowest: sarcoma [2.5]; highest: esophagus, germ cell tumor, skin non-melanoma, vaginal [7]). The number of prior therapies did not correlate with the number of genetic alterations (Pearson r = –0.037). The clinical benefit rate was 15.1% (n = 22). An additional patient had an unconfirmed complete response. The most common adverse events were fatigue, nausea, hyperglycemia, decreased appetite, and diarrhea. Patient and Methods: In this phase 2, open-label, single-arm study, patients with solid or hematologic malignancies with PI3K pathway activation and progression on or after standard treatment received buparlisib (100 mg once daily). The primary endpoint was clinical benefit rate per local investigator assessment (response or stable disease at ≥16 weeks). Conclusions: Buparlisib was well tolerated, however efficacy was limited despite selection of PI3K pathway aberrations. Future studies may provide insight into buparlisib efficacy by refining the molecular selection of different tumor types. ER  - 
Prediagnostic presentations of glioma in primary care: A case-control study$$$ This study aimed to assess the prevalence of symptoms glioma patients may present with to the general practitioner, and whether these can be distinguished from patients with other CNS disorders or any other condition. Methods: Glioma patients were matched to CNS patients and other controls' using anonymized general practitioner registries. Prevalences were evaluated in the 5 years prior to diagnosis. Result: CNS patients reported significantly more motor symptoms in the period 60-24 months, (p = 0.039). Moreover, <6 months before diagnosis CNS patients differed significantly in mood disorders/fear compared with other controls' (p = 0.012) but not glioma patients (p = 0.816). Conclusion: Glioma patients could not be distinguished from both control groups with respect to the number or type of prediagnostic symptoms. ER  - 
Assessing the effect of a telepharmacist's recommendations during an integrated, interprofessional telehealth appointment and their alignment with quality measures$$$ BACKGROUND: A growing provider shortage contributes to the widening gap in significant disparities that rural communities face. To expand access to care for rural-dwelling patients with epilepsy, a national nonprofit organization initiated an integrated, interprofessional telehealth program. OBJECTIVE: To identify gaps in care based on a telepharmacist's recommendations and determine whether these recommendations aligned with Health Effectiveness Data Information Set (HEDIS) performance measures. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was conducted for patients who had an appointment with an integrated interprofessional care team composed of an epileptologist, a social worker, registered nurses, and a pharmacist. This novel approach integrated provision of care by team members at geographically distinct remote locations. The pharmacist conducted comprehensive medical reviews via video conferencing and made recommendations to the epileptologist, primary care provider, and/or patient, as appropriate. The consultation was documented in the electronic health record (EHR). The pharmacist's recommendations were categorized as 1 of the 24 preselected HEDIS performance measures or as a non-HEDIS measure. The analysis used descriptive statistics to report patient demographics and pharmacist recommendations. RESULTS: This study included 86 participants. 86 initial and 36 follow-up appointments were conducted between April 2016 and October 2017. The majority of patients were female (52%), with a mean age of 26.2 years (SD = 14.6, range 4-76) and were taking an average of 6.1 medications (SD = 3.6). 159 comorbidities or conditions were identified in the EHR along with 306 recommendations, for an average of 3.6 recommendations per patient (SD = 3.2). 41 (13.4%) recommendations aligned with preselected HEDIS measures, including medication management for depression (31.7%), hypertension (24.4%), asthma (9.8%), and comprehensive adult diabetes care (14.6%). The remaining 265 recommendations lacked sufficient documentation for categorization or failed to align with any targeted measure. CONCLUSIONS: This retrospective analysis showed that only 13% of pharmacist recommendations aligned with HEDIS quality measures. While it demonstrates the added value of clinical pharmacists in novel telehealth approaches, future work is needed to develop strategies to increase the number of recommendations aligning with HEDIS measures that adhere to national consensus treatment guidelines via telepharmacist training and improved documentation. ER  - 
Research paper: Investigating suicide rate and poisoning severity and their relationship with birth month$$$ Background: One of the most frequent causes of death is poisoning worldwide. Investigating the causes of mortality due to poisoning profoundly affects making decisions and improving standards for preventing adverse events. Therefore, to better understand this problem and evaluate the causes, this study aimed to determine the risk of suicide using the SAD PERSONS Scale (SPS) criteria and its relationship with the birth month in poisoned patients. Methods: This cross-sectional descriptive-analytic study was conducted on poisoned patients admitted to Khorshid Hospital in Isfahan City, Iran, in 2018. First, the patients' age, gender, and birth month were recorded. Then, their suicide risk was assessed by SPS. Results: From 2735 referred patients with poisoning, 1839 (67.2%) attempted suicide, and 896(32.8%) cases were poisoned. The Mean±SD SPS score in patients with suicidal attempts was 4.89±1.94, and in the poisoned patients was equal to 2.74±1.46 (P<0.001). There was no significant relationship between suicide and birth month; however, gender (male), age, depression, previous suicidal attempts, ethanol abuse, rational thinking loss, social support lacking, and being unmarried significantly increased the risk of suicide (P<0.01). In addition, the SPS scores ≥5 with a sensitivity of 43.77%, and specificity of 98.44% had an acceptable diagnostic value in identifying the risk of suicide (P<0.0001). Conclusion: As SPS criteria have an appropriate diagnostic value for suicide prediction, it is recommended that these criteria be assessed among individuals with susceptible suicide characteristics (e.g. males, elders, depression, the lack of social support, etc.), to prevent future suicide attempts and appropriate medical-psychological measures. ER  - 
Long-Term study about the incidence of epilepsy in male service personnel from india: A retrospective, cohort study$$$ Background The data on the epidemiology of epilepsy are limited for developing countries including India. We estimated the incidence of epilepsy in a cohort of service personnel from India followed for over two decades. Materials and Methods The data for this epidemiological study were derived from the electronic medical records (EMRs) of the male service personnel. The participants (age < 18 years) were enrolled into active service between 1990 and 2015 in good health. The data pertaining to the diagnosis of epilepsy were derived from the EMR using the prevalent International Classification of Diseases codes. We calculated the incidence rate as per person-years (py) using appropriate statistical methods. Results Our data included 51,217 participants (median age: 33 years, range: 17-54) with a mean follow-up of 12.5 years, giving a cumulative follow-up duration of 613,925 py. A total of 291 patients developed epilepsy during the study, giving an incidence rate of 0.47 per 1000 py (95% confidence interval: 0.42-0.53). Undifferentiated spondyloarthropathy, central nervous system disorders, and alcohol dependence syndrome were the common comorbid ailments in patients with epilepsy. Conclusion Our cohort had a comparable incidence rate of epilepsy with other studies from India and abroad. ER  - 
Clinical characterization of autoimmune limbic encephalitis: 36 Japanese case series$$$ Introduction: Limbic encephalitis (LE) refers to an inflammatory process, related antibodies, mainly known as anti-VGKC and anti-NMDAR antibodies. Herein, we aim to figure out their clinical findings. Method: We analyzed each medical record of 36 patients diagnosed as autoimmune LE, defined by the standard criteria, admitted in our three hospitals between 2007 and 2017. Result: The clinical details of patients indicated 48.2 ± 16.1 (years ± SD) (range 18-82) of age at onset. The initial symptoms were commonly seen as seizure, psychosis, and consciousness disturbance. The prevalence of antibodies was relatively low: 34.8% (8/15) of NMDA, and 12.5% (2/14) of VGKC. Seven cases were NMDA(-) and VGKC(-). The cases with NMDA(+) showed younger age at onset (35.8 ± 6.9) predominant to female, with good response to immunomodulating therapies, even they have tumors among half of patients, such as ovarian tumor (two), uterine cancer (one), and teratoma (one). We initiated methylprednisolone plus therapy in 94.5 %, oral prednisolone in 77.8 %, plasma exchange in 30.6 %, immunoglobulin therapy in 40.7 %, and anti-epileptic drugs in 72.7 %. Comparing to alteration of modified Rankin scale between admission and one year after the onset, it indicated significantly improvements. Five patients did not show any improvements even at one-year after disease onset, due to disused atrophy, primal cancer, or aging. Conclusion: Our findings emphasize the importance of establishing the diagnosis of LE earlier and proper initiation of immunotherapies, improve the final outcome. ER  - 
Encephalopathy in a Large Cohort of British Cerebral Autosomal Dominant Arteriopathy with Subcortical Infarcts and Leukoencephalopathy Patients$$$ Background and Purpose - Cerebral autosomal dominant arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy (CADASIL) is the most common monogenic form of stroke usually presenting with migraine with aura, lacunar infarcts, and cognitive impairment. Acute encephalopathy is a less recognized presentation of the disease. Methods - Data collected prospectively from 340 consecutively recruited symptomatic patients with diagnosis of CADASIL seen in a British National CADASIL clinic was retrospectively reviewed and original clinical records and imaging obtained. An encephalopathic event was defined as an acute event of an altered state of consciousness in a patient with CADASIL, manifesting with signs of brain dysfunction, which warranted hospital admission in the absence of any other cause. Clinical characteristics, risk factors, and outcome of encephalopathic presentations were studied. Results - A total of 35 of 340 (10.3%) participants had a history of 50 encephalopathic events which was the first hospital presentation of CADASIL in 33 (94.3%) patients. Most commonly reported features during episodes were visual hallucinations (44%), seizures (22%), and focal neurological deficits (60%).Complete recovery within 3 months was reported in 48(96%) episodes. In 62% of episodes, there was a history of migraine or migraine aura directly preceding the encephalopathy. In 2 out of 15 cases where magnetic resonance imaging during episodes was available, unilateral focal cortical swelling was seen. A past history of migraine was independently associated with encephalopathy (odds ratio=12.3 [95% CI, 1.6-93.7]; P=0.015). Conclusions - In up to 10% of CADASIL patients, a reversible encephalopathy is the first presentation leading to diagnosis. The strong association with migraine suggests a shared pathogenesis. Focal cortical swelling may be seen on magnetic resonance imaging during the acute episode. ER  - 
Anti-nmda receptor encephalitis: Challenges in diagnosis and treatment$$$ Introduction: Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis is an autoimmune disorder that is being recognized more often, especially in children and young adults. However, challenges remain in early diagnosis and treatment. Case description: Previously healthy 11-year-old female presented with tonic-clonic seizure, followed by focal seizures, was controlled with intravenous diazepam and levetiracetam. Initial CSF analysis showed lymphocytic pleocytosis (WBC 22cells/mm); electroencephalogram and brain imaging (CT and MRI) were normal. Aciclovir and ceftriaxone were started empirically. After 5 days, she began to show asymmetric choreatic movements predominantly at the distal segment of the right upper limb. Further investigations revealed evidence of past streptococcal infection (anti-streptolysin O 1220UI/mL; ADNase B 737U/mL), but the rheumatic fever was excluded. PCR in respiratory secretions was positive for adenovirus. Four days later were noticed acute behavioral changes, psychomotor agitation, and disfluency. A second lumbar puncture was performed. Anti- NMDAR autoantibodies were positive in CSF (titer 4, reference <1). Intrathecal synthesis and oligoclonal bands were negative. She received intravenous immunoglobulin (1g/kg/day) for 2 days without clinical improvement. Pulses of methylprednisolone were started, followed by oral prednisolone. Still, her cognitive deficits were disabling, so steroids were combined with rituximab for 4 weeks and intravenous immunoglobulin every 2 weeks for five doses, then monthly for three doses, following the International Inflammatory Brain Disease Outcome Study treatment protocol. Nevertheless, psychomotor agitation persisted, associated with extreme emotional lability, obsessive- compulsive behaviors, and insomnia. Child and adolescent psychiatrist collaboration was required to therapeutic optimization-quetiapine, lorazepam, valproic acid, and olanzapine were prescribed. To reduce the risk of relapses started monthly injections of cyclophosphamide. The patient was discharged after 83 days, keeping a multidisciplinary follow-up. After 6 months, the patient's behavior had improved, presenting without changes in the neurologic exam or memory deficits. Conclusion: The differential diagnosis of autoimmune and infectious encephalitis is notoriously difficult. Anti-NMDAR encephalitis is a potentially lethal condition; early identification and treatment is crucial. In the absence of prospective and randomized data, treatment decisions should be individualized and take into consideration patient age, the presence or absence of a tumor, and symptom severity. Future studies investigating both pharmacologic approaches and non-pharmacologic interventions are critical in improving patient care and outcomes. ER  - 
ASENT 2019 Abstracts$$$ The proceedings contain 21 papers. The topics discussed include: active immunotherapeutic vaccine platform targeting endogenous proteins for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases; neuroprotection by endovascular selective cerebral hypothermia; experimental in vivo studies and initial clinical experience; EEG biomarkers to improve the discovery of new neurotherapeutics; description of division of translational research funding announcements; inhibition of cholesterol 24-hydroxylase improves the survival of a mouse model of epileptic phenotype and modulates extracellular levels of glutamate; extended-release viloxazine (SPN-812) for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adolescents: topline results of a phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled study (P302); and extended-release viloxazine (SPN-812) for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children: topline results of a phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (P301). ER  - 
Practice patterns of phenobarbital use in severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome$$$ Introduction: Treatment of acute alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AAWS) with symptom-triggered benzodiazepine therapy is well described1,2. However, the optimal management of patients with refractory or severe AAWS (sAAWS) is unclear. Three small randomized control trials suggest that intravenous phenobarbital may be an effective adjuvant therapy for the treatment of sAAWS3-5. Despite this, several factors likely limit its use in clinical practice. Objectives: To characterize current practice patterns in treatment of sAAWS and assess the current attitudes and knowledge around the use of phenobarbital for patients with sAAWS at centers specializing in inner-city healthcare. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional multi-center, interdisciplinary, selfadministered paper and electronic survey6 of general internists, intensivists, psychiatrists and emergency medicine physicians at St. Michael's (ON) and St. Paul's Hospital (BC). Results: We received 118/194 (61% response rate) completed questionnaires. Most respondents were male (62%), older than 40 (76%), in practice for a mean of 14 years, with 66% of their time spent in clinical practice. Only 3 respondents were addiction specialists, 2 of whom used phenobarbital in their practice. Respondents managed an average of 32 cases of AAWS in a 6-month period, of which 7 (22%) were severe. Respondents defined severe alcohol withdrawal by the presence of seizures (80%), hallucinations (60%) and a CIWA score > 15 after 60mg of diazepam (56%). Most respondents (60.4%) did not use phenobarbital in their practice. Of those that used phenobarbital, 58% considered using it as an adjuvant treatment if patients were refractory to symptom-based benzodiazepine therapy, whereas others waited until seizures developed (10%) or ICU admission was warranted (18%). Intravenous administration was twice as likely to be used as oral phenobarbital. Most respondents (58%) did not know the peak onset of phenobarbital activity, 33% were unfamiliar with the side effects, and 42% were uncomfortable with its contraindications. Only 6% of respondents were aware of the evidence supporting phenobarbital use. Haloperidol and clonidine were the 2 most commonly used adjuvant treatments used to treat sAAWS. Although 59% of respondents were uncomfortable using phenobarbital in their practice, 85% were either comfortable or neutral with enrolling patients in a trial to investigate the use of phenobarbital for patients with sAAWS. Conclusion: Our results suggest that despite seeing a high volume of sAAWS, there is considerable stated practice variation in how clinicians treat patients with sAAWS. Our results highlight both a lack of awareness regarding the current evidence supporting phenobarbital use for sAAWS and discomfort with its use in practice. Those that used phenobarbital, reported using the IV preparation and administering it early in treatment. Most respondents felt that greater evidence was needed, and expressed equipoise for enrolling patients with sAAWS in a trial evaluating IV phenobarbital as an adjuvant therapy to symptom-triggered benzodiazepine therapy. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Smoldering hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis secondary to compoundheterozygous variants in SLCA7 treated with Anakinra$$$ Introduction: Lysinuric protein intolerance (LPI) is a recessively inherited disorder of the cationic amino acids transporter subunit y+LAT1 caused by variants in the SLC7A7 gene. The disease is characterized by protein-rich food intolerance has a heterogeneous presentation. The clinical findings are a result of depletion of lysine, ornithine, and arginine. Symptoms can include hyperammonemia, failure to thrive, protein aversion, neurologic disease, and lung disease. There is also evidence that inflammatory manifestations are mediated through upregulation of NFB, IL1, and TNF that occur independent of intracellular arginine levels and can lead to lifethreatening episodes of hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH). Case Presentation: A 17-year-old male presented with history of anxiety, depression, eating disorder, delayed puberty and complex partial seizures. Due to poor nutrition and failure to thrive, a gastrostomy tube was placed. Following commencement of enteral feeds, he presented with altered mental status, bilateral mydriasis, hyperreflexia, and agitation which lead to a PICU admission. Ammonia peaked as high as 181 μmol/L and episodes ceased with cessation of enteral feedings. Prior to enteral feeds, he had been self-restricting protein in his diet. Biochemical testing was consistent with LPI and Illumina next-generation sequencing revealed compound heterozygous variants in SLC7A7 (p.S396Lfs∗122 and p.E465Dfs∗54). Hyperammonemia resolved quickly with cessation of protein intake and high rate dextrose infusion without the need for ammonia scavenging agents. He was subsequently started on proteinrestricted enteral feeds. At diagnosis he did not have any respiratory symptoms, CTscan of chest showed patchy areas of groundglass opacification that was suggestive of early pulmonary alveolar proteinosis (PAP). Bronchoalveolar lavage demonstrated foamy, cloudy pink fluid and elevated bronchioalveolar macrophages on cell differential. His clinical course and SLC7A7 genotype led to suspicion for smoldering HLH. The findings of elevated ferritin, hypertriglyceridemia, decreased fibrinogen, splenomegaly, elevated IL-2 receptor, decreased NK cell function, along with hemophagocytosis on bone marrow biopsy confirmed the diagnosis. Because of his PAP and HLH, in addition to dietary modifications, a trial of IL-1 beta inhibition (anakinra) at 3 mg/kg/day was initiated. Follow up CT scan of chest 2 months after initiation of anakinra showed complete resolution of pulmonary groundglass opacifications and PAP. Bonemarrow evaluation showed continued hemophagocytosis in spite of the normalization in ferritin, soluble IL-2 receptor, NK function, and triglycerides levels. Overall, he is significantly improved on daily anakinra and no longer meets criteria for HLH or PAP. Discussion: Recent data has shown in y+LAT1 models that THP-1 macrophages and A549 airway epithelial cells upregulate IL1 and TNF regardless of intracellular arginine content. This suggests that inflammatory manifestations may continue independent of dietary modifications. We present a 17 year old patient with newly diagnosed LPI who was treated dietary modification and anti-IL1 therapy resulting in resolution of HLH and PAP. More research is needed to see if long-term IL1 blockade that can consistently control both the immunologic and pulmonary manifestations of LPI and positively impact morbidity and mortality. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Depressive symptoms in children with epilepsy attending a tertiary care Hospital in Oman$$$ Objectives: Epilepsy is the most common neurological disorder in children. Many studies have proven that depression is common in children with epilepsy. The aim of this study was to assess the proportion of depressive symptoms along with demographic data in children diagnosed with epilepsy in a tertiary care institution in Oman. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted between June 2016 and August 2018. We have included 75 children with age group from five to 12 years old, attending epilepsy clinic at Sultan Qaboos University Hospital who were diagnosed with epilepsy and already on treatment. Patients were excluded if they have mental retardation. Validated Depression Scale for Children (CES-DC) questionnaire was utilized to assess the level of depressive symptoms among children. In addition, we have looked at associated factors including seizure status in the last three months, compliance to antiepileptic medications, type of epilepsy, and number of antiepileptic medications. Results: In this study, we found that depressive symptoms were present in 39 (52%) of patients. We also found that 96% of the patients were compliant to medications. In addition, seizure was present in the last three months in 48% of the sample studies. There was no statistically significant association between any of the studied variables and depression. Conclusions: Although depression is highly prevalent in children with epilepsy, this study did not find any significant association between the CES-DC scores and the studied factors. ER  - 
Frequency of seizures and epilepsy in familial dysautonomia$$$ Objective: To determine the frequency of seizures and epilepsy in patients with familial dysautonomia (FD, hereditary sensory autonomic neuropathy III). Background: Seizure-like episodes are not uncommon in patients with FD but whether they are caused by epilepsy or by hypoxia and hypotension can be difficult to determine. Our aim was to categorize the EEG findings and the frequency of epileptiform activity in a large sample of patients with genetically confirmed FD. Methods: Retrospective chart review of all cases with FD documented in the New York University FD Patient Registry, which includes virtually every patient diagnosed with FD from 1951 to 2018. We used the search terms ''EEG'', ''epilepsy'', and ''seizure.'' Results: Among 676 subjects in the NYU FD Patient Registry, we identified 426 adult and pediatric patients with diagnostic tests (EEG, polysomnography) for suspected seizures. Of these, almost one-third (32%, 136 patients) had epileptiform EEG patterns; one-third (34%, 143) had normal EEGs and the remaining one-third had non-epileptiform abnormalities including slowing, either focal (4%, 15) or generalized (14%, 60). In 9% (36 patients) the results stated ''abnormal'' without additional information and 1% (6) had beta activity possibly related to benzodiazepines. Of the 136 patients with epileptiform findings, almost half (47.8%, 65) had focal findings and 18.4% (25) had seizure confirmed on their EEG. Over one-third of patients with paroxysmal events (36.4%, 155 of 426) were taking anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) for presumed epilepsy. Almost 60% of those taking AEDs (58.7%, 91 patients) had epileptiform findings on their EEG, and 12.3% (19) had seizures confirmed on their EEG. Conclusions: Approximately 1 in 3 patients with FD and paroxysmal episodes of altered consciousness have epileptiform activity on EEG. Hence, epilepsy is not uncommon in FD and should be considered in the differential diagnosis of some syncopal episodes. ER  - 
Prevalence and determinants of multimorbidity among patients with strokes in a multicenter hospitalbased indian stroke registry (INSPIRE)$$$ Introduction: Multimorbidity is the presence of 2 or more conditions. Objective: To estimate the prevalence and determinants of multimorbidity and outcomes among patients admitted with strokes in India. Methods: Prospective registry in hospitals across the country of patients with strokes. Multimorbidity is stroke with >/= chronic conditions such as hypertension, angina, myocardial infarction, peripheral vascular disease, valvular heart disease, atrial fibrillation (AF), diabetes mellitus, HIV, epilepsy, depression, migraine, and sleep apnea. We undertook multivariate logistic regression analysis for determinants of multimorbidity and outcomes at discharge. Results: We recruited 10,329 patients with strokes from 65 centers. Multimorbidity data were available for 8,900 patients. Mean age was 60.4 and 65.1% were males. Prevalence of multimorbidity was 60.2%, higher among males 62.8% versus 37.2% (or.77, 95% CI[.71,.85]) and in those =44 years 82% versus 18%; 2.56; 2.24, 2.92. Mean number of drugs consumed among patients with multimorbidity was 5.8 versus 5.0; 1.06; 1.05, 1.08. At discharge in those with multimorbidity, Rankin score =3 was 62.9% versus 37.1%, or 1.15; 1.05 to 1.25. Death at discharge was marginally higher among patients with multimorbidity 8.7% versus 8.3; or 1.05;.90 to 1.22. Conclusion: In patients with strokes in India, two-thirds had multimorbidity with higher prevalence among males in older patients and they were prescribed more drugs. At discharge, in those with multimorbidity, Rankin score was higher and mortality was slightly higher. We, therefore, need to implement effective strategies to deal with multimorbidity in India. ER  - 
Treatment characteristics of children and adolescents diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder: A retrospective study$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine the treatment characteristics of patients with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in a training and research hospital. METHODS: The data of the patients who admitted to our out-patient clinic between October 2017-October 2018 and diagnosed with ASD according to DSM-5 then treated and followed-up, were reviewed retrospectively. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS v.17.0 package program and p <.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: Median age of a total of 422 patients with ASD was 8.3 years (range: 1.8-19.5 years), and median age at first admission to our hospital was 5.2 years (range: 1-17.5 years). Median age at diagnosis of 251 ASD patients was 3.6 years. Of all patients, 83.6% (n = 353) were male, and 6.2 % (n = 26) were from foreign nationalities. It was determined that 42.4% (n = 179) of the sample consisted of cases diagnosed with OSD for the first time. It was found that approximately 1/3 of the cases (n = 153) admitted for renewal of their ASD health committee report, about 1/3 (n = 137) had speech retardation and the remaining 1/3 admitted for other reasons. 16.1% (n = 68) had at least one medical disorder that the most common was epilepsy with a rate of 8.9% (n = 38). In 52.6% (n = 222) of the patients with ASD, there was no other accompanying psychiatric disorder, while 47.4% (n = 200) had at least one comorbid psychiatric disorder. Among these psychiatric comorbidities, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) was seen with a rate of 17.8% (n = 75). It was found that 80.1% of the sample (n = 338) continued special education for ASD. The median age at onset of special education was 3.8 years and the minimum age was 1.6 years whereas the maximum was 12 years. 44.3% (n = 187) of the cases followed with the diagnosis of ASD had been recommended at least one psychotropic drug, and the most commonly prescribed pharmacotherapeutic agents were antipsychotics (35.8%, n = 151), followed by medications for ADHD (16.8%, n = 71). Considering age, medical comorbidity, and presence of psychiatric comorbidity, there was no significant predictor of psychotropic agent use in patients with ASD (p>.05). CONCLUSIONS: According to this present study, psychotropic drug use in patients with ASD is independent from the presence of medical and/or psychiatric comorbidity. This suggests that psychotropic agents may be used to reduce the severity of autism-related symptoms in patients with ASD. The high rates of psychotropic drug use and special education of the patients with ASD in our sample may be related to the fact that the sample was taken from a Training and Research Hospital in Ankara where it is relatively easy to access to these treatments. ER  - 
Evaluation of impulsivity and the relationship between affective symptoms and impulsivity in patients with epilepsy$$$ OBJECTIVE: It is well known that impulsivity is associated with many psychiatric disorders. There are limited data in the literature about impulsivity in patients with epilepsy and additionally these patients have increased risk of suicide and psychiatric comorbidities. The aim of this study to evaluate impulsivity and the relationship between affective symptoms and impulsivity in patients with epilepsy. METHODS: In this cross sectional study 26 epileptic patients with generalized tonic clonic seizure and age, sex and education matched 20 healthy controls were enrolled. To determine participants' affective symptoms Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) was used and Barrat Impulsiveness Scale-11 (BIS-11) was performed for assessment of impulsivity for all subjects. The results were analyzed using SPSS-25. Differences between groups were evaluated using ANOVA and Student's t tests. RESULTS: The study involved 26 patients with epilepsy and 16 patients had affective symptoms. Patients with epilepsy showed higher scores on two subscales of BIS-11(motor impulsivity (p= 0.039) and non planning impulsivity (p< 0.001)) and total score of BIS-11 (p< 0.001). Epileptic patients with affective symptoms showed higher scores on attentional impulsivity subscale of BIS-11 than epileptic patients without affective symptoms and controls. (respectively p=0.015; p= 0.036) CONCLUSIONS: Impulsivity may be predictive for suicidality in patients with epilepsy. Therefore, diagnosis and treatment of impulsivity in these patients is important in terms of increasing the patients' quality of life. ER  - 
Symptomatic esophagitis with methylphenidate in a boy with epilepsy and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Esophagitis is defined as the inflammation of the esophagus. Clinically, dysphagia, heartburn, nausea and vomiting are frequent symptoms. Causes of esophagitis include stomach acids backing up into the esophagus, infection, allergies and oral medications. Considering medications, methylphenidate treatment has never been reported to cause esophagitis. Here, we present a 10 year old boy with diagnoses of epilepsy and ADHD who developed symptomatic esophagitis after adding methylphenidate to lamotrigine and levetiracetam treatment. Case presentation: A 10 year old boy using lamotrigine and levetiracetam treatment for epilepsy was admitted for attention deficit problems. He was given a diagnosis of ADHD. Upon history, it was revealed that lamotrigine and levetiracetam treatment improved his epileptic seizures without any significant adverse effects. We added 10 mg/day short acting oral methylphenidate to lamotrigine and levetiracetam treatment for his ADHD symptoms. With methylphenidate treatment his ADHD symptoms showed significant improvement but he reported nausea, vomiting and heartburn symptoms. Then he was referred to pediatric gastroenterology department. As a result of detailed physical examination and some investigations like gastroscopy, esophagitis was diagnosed. No organic, infectious, allergic or dietary pathology detected to cause esophagitis. It was thought that the cause of the esophagitis could be methylphenidate treatment and recommended to terminate the drug treatment. After discontinuation of methylphenidate, esophagitis symptoms disappeared. Because of the significant improvement on ADHD symptoms, the child's family started to give short acting methylphenidate to the child after some time. But with methylphenidate, esophagitis symptoms appeared again. The child stopped taking the drug and the esophagitis symptoms disappeared. Methylphenidate has been the first line psychopharmacological treatment in children and adolescents with ADHD. Nausea, decreased appetite, weight loss and sleep disturbances are most frequently reported adverse effects during methylphenidate treatment. A literature review revealed no reports of methylphenidate related esophagitis in children and adolescents with diagnosis of ADHD. Therefore, to our knowledge, this is the first reported case of methylphenidate related esophagitis in a child. Emergence of esophagitis with methylphenidate at 2 different trials and disappearance with medication discontinuation at the second trial may suggest a strong causal link between methylphenidate and esophagitis in this case. However, despite this causal link, it is unclear through which pathophysiological mechanisms methylphenidate could cause this side effect. A possible mechanism may be the tissue damage, that is caused by the contact of the drug and the lining of the esophagus. Whatever the pathophysiological mechanism could be, the clinicians should be familiar about the possibility of esophagitis in children treated with short acting methylphenidate. In such cases, clinicians may order a pediatric gastroenterology consultation. Alternative medications for ADHD including atomoxetine may be considered in case of need. ER  - 
Effects of stimulants on body mass index and sleep in children with ADHD$$$ Introduction: Sleep problems in children with ADHD are frequently reported. Delay of falling asleep, night waking, morning awakening problems, daytime sleepiness, snoring, parasomnias and night terror are common sleep problems in ADHD [1]. It has been suggested that the interaction between ADHD and sleep is related to hypo-arousal condition (similar to narcolepsy), delayed sleep onset latency, respiratory-related sleep problems, restless leg syndrome and epilepsy/EEG interictal discharges [2]. However, in sleep studies with both subjective and objective sleep tools, a consistent result has not yet been found. Decreased appetite is the most frequent adverse event of stimulants, but it is not necessarily related to a decrease in height (Harstad et al. 2014). The association between stimulants and a delay in growth is still unclear and a focus of controversy. Our study aims to evaluate the effects of methylphenidate (MPH) on sleep parameters and the effects of the chronic impact of methylphenidate (MPH) on BMI in these patient group and compared with healthy children. Methods: The clinical sample consisted of children with a history of 51 ADHD cases who applied to Dokuz Eylul University Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Outpatient Clinic after the ethics committee approval was obtained. Six participants for whom missing or erroneous entries in the data collection instruments were excluded from the study. The Sixty-five children who were appealed to our pediatrics outpatient clinic by parents for causes such as headache, acute infections but did not meet any diagnostic criteria effectuates healthy sample group. Finally, the data was collected on the total 110 cases that were subjected to statistical analysis. After the participants who were included in the study were informed about the aim and method of the research, written consent was obtained from both groups. Height, weight and body mass index measurements of ADHD cases were obtained from hospital records. The participants who were appreciated with K-SADS-PL by blinded professionals completed a data form containing questions regarding sociodemographic and clinical features, Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-Revised (WISC-R) and Conners Parent Rating Scale-Revised Short Form (for only ADHD cases to support the diagnosis), The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) and Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ)-Abbreviated Form (all participants). Sociodemographic Data Form: It is an information form filled by the researchers to obtain information about age, gender, education, family type, socioeconomic level, home conditions, status of parents, background and family history. Conners Parent Rating Scale-Revised Short Form (CPRS-RSF): This form is widely used for the assessment of the prevalence of ADHD and its effect on diagnosis and treatment. Studies on the new version are described in U.S., and Canada. Apart from this, CPRS-RSF has been used in different cultures such as Germany, Australia, China, England, Switzerland, Spain, Cuba and Malaysia. The validity and reliability study of the scale was conducted by Kaner (2013). The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI): PSQI; It was developed in 1989 by Buysse et al. and Cronbach's alpha=0.80 to adequate internal consistency has been shown to have test-retest reliability and validity (Buysse, Reynolds, Monk, Berman and Kupfer,1989). The validity and reliability study of the PSQI in our country was conducted by Aǧargün et al. (1999). In this study, Cronbach's alpha value was found to be 0.79 (Cronbach alpha=0.79). The PSQI is a self-report scale that assesses sleep quality and disorder over a period of one month. Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ)-Abbreviated Form: The Child Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ) Abbreviated Form, developed by Owens et al in 2000 to examine the sleep habits and sleep related problems of children, consists of 33 items. Eight subscales have been defined in the scale such as bedtime resistance, delay of falling asleep, sleep duration, sleep anxiety, night waking, parasomnia, disturbance in sleep, sleepiness during the day. The scale was completed retrospectively by the parents. Parents are asked to evaluate their sleep habits over the previous week. As a cut-off point of the GHQ, the total score of 41 is accepted and the values above this are considered to be clinically significant. The questionnaire also includes three open-ended questions about the child's sleep habits (the time of bedtime, the length of sleep during the whole day, the time when he wakes up at night). Statistical Analysis: Differences in all study variables were analyzed by using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (IBM, NY), version 22 for Windows. Before the statistical analysis was performed, it was checked whether the data met the assumptions of the parametric tests and the normal distribution and homogeneity of variance by using the Shapiro-Wilk test. Variables that don't show normal distribution were evaluated by Mann-Whitney U test. In the interpretation of the variables, descriptive statistical techniques and quantitative data analysis were used. Chi-square analysis was used to compare categorical variables between groups. The Pearson Correlation Test was used to determine the direction and level of correlation between the variables and the results were indicated by r (correlation coefficient) and p value (significance level). P < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Forty-five patients with ADHD and 65 age and sex matched control groups were included in the study. 35 (77%) of the patients with ADHD and 47 (72%) of the control group were male. Table 1 summarizes first and last visit follow-up body mass index points, WISC-R intelligence test scores, mean methylphenidate duration of use months and mean methylphenidate doses of ADHD cases. Table 2 summarizes the total and subscale scores of ADHD and control subjects from The Child Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ) Abbreviated Form. A significant difference was found between the two groups in terms of sleep delay, sleep duration, daytime sleepiness scores and total sleep scores (p <.05). There were no differences in other sub-tests between bedtime resistance, sleep breathing problems, sleep anxiety, night waking and parasomnia scores (p > 0.05). Total and subscale scores of participants from The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) are reported in Table 3. All of the subscales, except use of sleep medication were higher in ADHD group. Total score and subscales about sleep latency, sleep disturbance and subjective sleep quality were significantly different (p < 0.05). There was no significant difference in scores of sleep duration, sleep efficiency and daytime dysfunction. Discussion: In this study, we found that sleep problems are more common in ADHD group. With the idea that sleep changes may be due to ADHD drugs (especially stimulants) in children with ADHD, studies have shown that these drugs are only one of the causes of sleep disorders in ADHD and children have more sleep problems than controls, independent of ADHD treatment [3]. Nevertheless, the stimulants used in the first step caused sympathomimetic effects by increasing the amount of extracellular dopamine and noradrenaline, and thought to reduce the sleep awareness and fatigue awareness. The results of our study are one of the most common side effects associated with insomnia or sleep-stimulating drugs, delayed for more than 30 minutes, consistent with the literature. In contrast to the previous studies, stimulant drugs contributed positively to the body mass of the case sample. This is because; limited number of samples, short follow-up period and not calculated z values. In some studies about stimulant drugs used in the treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, although it has been reported that it may cause a delay in growth in children, it has been shown that although the most common side effect of stimulants, there is not any effect on height. For this reason, stimulant and growth retardation is still a controversial issue. Some studies report a negative impact on height (Lisska and Rivkees 2003; MTA Cooperative Group 2004; Charach et al. 2006; Swanson et al. 2007; Faraone et al. 2008; Powell et al. 2015); some studies emphasize that they did not make significant changes (Biederman et al. 2003, Harstad et al. 2014). There are several limitations in our study. Relatively small number of the cases, using self-evaluation of the scales in the study, the fact that objective measurement tools such as polysomnography, actigraphy and MLST could not be included in the study are among the limitations of the study. Further studies need to evaluate whether this higher incidence of sleep problems is due do methylphenidate use or the common etiology with ADHD. ER  - 
Development of enuresis secondary to risperidone: Two case reports$$$ Risperidone is an atypical antipsychotic that can be used safely in many different clinical conditions in children and adolescents. The most frequently reported side effects include weight gain, sluggishness and increased appetite, in the patients. Although, enuresis due to risperidone, in children and adolescents, is a rare clinical entity, there are few case reports in the literature. We also present two cases of enuresis following risperidone treatment. Case presentation: Two cases that were followed up in Inonu University School of Medicine Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Unit were evaluated retrospectively. Case 1: A 14-years-old girl had been followed up with the diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder and major depression in our clinic. She had a history of primary enuresis nocturna, but had been recovered several years before she was brought to us. She was treated with fluoxetine (20 mg/day) and aripiprazole (5 mg/day) for approximately 1 year. The patient developed enuresis nocturna after the risperidone treatment was started, and enuresis improved after the dose of risperidone was decreased to 0.5 mg/day. Case 2: A 15-years-old male patient presented to the child and adolescent psychiatry outpatient clinic, with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder + conduct disorder + border-mental capacity diagnoses. She had been followed-up with atomoxetine 50 mg/day and aripiprazole 5 mg/day. Aripiprazole treatment was ceased and risperidone 1 mg/day treatment was started due to insufficient improvement in the symptoms of conduct disorder. In the outpatient clinic control, 1 week after the treatment change, the parents stated that enuresis nocturna developed 2 times/week performed. Risperidone treatment was discontinued and 2 weeks later, in the follow-up, enuresis had not developed again. This case also had a history of primary enuresis nocturna. We discussed two cases of enuresis due to risperidone treatment. Both of our patients had a history of primary enuresis in childhood and the complaints ended a few years ago. In patients receiving antipsychotic treatment, it was suggested that enuresis caused by deep sleep due to sedative effect of the medication. It has been suggested that there may be different mechanisms underlying enuresis due to risperidone, including possible seizures. The lower urinary tract is controlled by various neurotransmitter pathways including serotonergic, dopaminergic, acetylcholinergic and adrenergic pathways, which antipsychotics also have affinity. Serotonin facilitates storage of urine and prevents ejaculation; dopamine blockage in the basal ganglia can cause involuntary enuresis; acetylcholine directly affects the bladder contraction; and the adrenergic system is particularly important in regulation of the bladder output function in men. Some studies reported that risperidone, which is a strong alpha-1 adrenergic antagonist, causes enuresis and others reported that it is involved in the treatment of enuresis. In the literature, patients' history of enuresis had not been evaluated. The 2 cases we presented had a history of enuresis previously and we think that risperidone treatment triggered enuresis again. Therefore, presence of an enuresis history should be considered before starting risperidone treatment, and close follow-up is necessary regarding enuresis. ER  - 
USE OF GABAPENTIN IN HOSPITALIZED PATIENTS$$$ Background Gabapentin is widely used for the control of neuropathic pain, mainly peripheral diabetic neuropathy and postherpetic neuralgia, but also in epilepsy. Studies suggest benefits for the use in visceral and bone pain and in neuropathic cancer pain in combination with opioids. Its use in medical wards have been increasing due to professional experience, proven efficacy, safety and tolerability. However some adverse effects, addiction and withdrawal have been reported. Methods Retrospective evaluation of the electronic records of all patients admitted to an Internal Medicine Unit in a tertiary Hospital in 2018 (January 1st to December 31st) that used gabapentin. Patients were characterized according to gender, age, average length of stay, comorbidities, therapeutic adjuvants and intrahospital mortality. Dose, length of use of gabapentin and indication for prescription were taken into account. Results Of the 1338 patients admitted, 41 (3.1%) were on gabapentin with an average age of 68.8 years. 21 (51.2%) were male and the average length of stay was 15.6 days. There was a de novo use in 4 (9.8%) patients and chronic use (>1 year) in 30 (73.2%) patients, of which the main indication was diabetes (n=13). Indication for overall prescription was diabetes (18 patients, 43.9%; average HbA1c of 6.9%), neuropathic pain (18 patients), epilepsy (1 patient) and alcohol withdrawal (1 patient). Other found comorbidities, besides diabetes, were depression in 10 (24.4%) patients. Concerning adjuvants there were mainly benzodiazepines (19 patients, 46.3%) and analgesics including morphine (14 patients, 34.1%); previous pregabalin use was seen in 6 (14.6%) patients. Daily doses varied from 100mg to 1200mg (average was 467.7 mg) with only one patient above 900mg. Inpatient mortality was 24.2%, slightly lower for chronic users (17.24%) and higher for diabetic patients (28.6%). Conclusion In our small sample the average age was lower than in the internal medicine ward (68.9 vs 78.3 years) and female gender was not favored as usual in published studies. Current doses were infra therapeutic (<900 mg) in almost all cases, considering the recommendations available. Average length of stay (15.6 vs 10.8 days) was higher than the internal medicine ward as was inpatient mortality (24.2% vs 8.9%). There's a need for understanding the usage of infra therapeutic doses and its efficacy in pain management and control. ER  - 
A phase I/IIa trial using CD19-targeted third-generation CAR T cells for lymphoma and leukemia$$$ Purpose: The chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy has been effective for patients with CD19þ B-cell malignancies. Most studies have investigated the second-generation CARs with either CD28 or 4-1BB costimulatory domains in the CAR receptor. Here, we describe the first clinical phase I/IIa trial using third-generation CAR T cells targeting CD19 to evaluate safety and efficacy. Patients and Methods: Fifteen patients with B-cell lymphoma or leukemia were treated with CAR T cells. The patients with lymphoma received chemotherapy during CAR manufacture and 11 of 15 were given low-dose cyclophosphamide and fludarabine conditioning prior to CAR infusion. Peripheral blood was sampled before and at multiple time points after CAR infusion to evaluate the persistence of CAR T cells and for immune profiling, using quantitative PCR, flow cytometry, and a proteomic array. Results: Treatment with third-generation CAR T cells was generally safe with 4 patients requiring hospitalization due to adverse reactions. Six of the 15 patients had initial complete responses [4/11 lymphoma and 2/4 acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL)], and 3 of the patients with lymphoma were in remission at 3 months. Two patients are still alive. Best predictor of response was a good immune status prior to CAR infusion with high IL12, DC-Lamp, Fas ligand, and TRAIL. Responding patients had low monocytic myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSCs; CD14þCD33þHLADR) and low levels of IL6, IL8, NAP3, sPDL1, and sPDL2. Conclusions: Third-generation CARs may be efficient in patients with advanced B-cell lymphoproliferative malignancy with only modest toxicity. Immune profiling pre- and posttreatment can be used to find response biomarkers. ER  - 
Health conditions, functional status and health care utilization in adults with cerebral palsy$$$ Aim. Health conditions in children with cerebral palsy (CP) are well described, yet health is less defined with advancing age. We examined health conditions, functional status and health care utilization in adults with CP across age groups. Methods. We collected cross-sectional data on health conditions, functional status and utilization from the medical records of adults with CP across a large university-affiliated primary care network using the Rochester Health Status Survey IV (RHSS-IV), a 58-item validated survey. Data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey and National Health Interview Survey provided prevalence estimates for the general population as comparison. Results. Compared to the general population, adults with CP had higher rates of seizure disorder, obesity and asthma across all ages. Adults with CP under 30 years of age had higher rates of hypertension (16.7 versus 5.6%; P = 0.04), urinary incontinence (41.7 versus 10.5%; P < 0.001) and depression (16.7 versus 6.9%; P = 0.07). Conversely, there were lower rates of alcohol misuse, tobacco/nicotine and sexually transmitted illnesses. Independence with all activities of daily living decreased from 37.5% at 18–29 years of age to 22.5% in those 60 and over. Seizure disorders, urinary incontinence and gastroesophageal reflux disease were all independently associated with lower functional status. As expected, health care utilization increased with advancing age. Conclusions: Adults with CP should be monitored for conditions occurring at higher prevalence in CP, as well as common conditions occurring with advancing age. Age-related functional decline should be anticipated, especially with coexisting seizure disorders and urinary incontinence. ER  - 
Neurological Emergencies in Refugees$$$ Objective: Health care personnel in Europe is increasingly involved in care of displaced persons from non-European countries; we investigated the spectrum of neurological disorders and medical management in refugees presenting to the emergency room (ER) of a German university hospital. Methods: We retrospectively studied ER-patients with refugee status (R-patients) during the peak of the European refugee crisis between July 2015 and February 2016 (N = 100). Complaints on admission, medical management and diagnoses at discharge were compared to matched groups of German residents with migrational background (M-patients; N = 96) and to native Germans (N-patients; N = 95). Results: R-patients were mostly male young adults (75% male; mean age 33.2 years). Headache was the most frequent complaint in all groups (R-patients 38%; M-patients 43%; N-patients 24%). R-patients, however, presented much more often with possible or definite seizures (R-patients 27%; M-patients 9%; N-patients 15%). Initial triage, length of medical history and examination records, utilization of laboratory tests and cranial imaging did not differ between groups. However, time to diagnosis was considerably longer in R-patients (220 min; M-patients 151 min, N-patients 123 min). While strokes and other life-threatening emergencies were rare final diagnoses in R-patients, a substantial proportion was discharged with a diagnosis of non-epileptic seizures or a psychiatric disorder (20%; M-patients 6%; N-patients 7%). Conclusions: Refugee patients present with a spectrum of neurological disorders that not solely results from cultural differences but rather reflects the consequences of forced displacement. ER management of refugees requires more time, language skills and critically depends on psychosomatic/psychiatric expertise. ER  - 
Second-generation anti-depressants and risk of new-onset seizures in the elderly$$$ Background: Anti-depressants are among the most widely-prescribed medications. It is unknown whether the risk of seizure during therapeutic use differs by drug. We ranked the seizure risk of popular anti-depressants. Methods: We conducted a population-based case–control study between April 2002 and March 2015 in Ontario, Canada. Cases were Ontario residents aged ≥65 years hospitalized for a first-ever seizure within 60 d of filling a prescription for one of nine second-generation anti-depressants, each dispensed more than 1 million times (range: 1,196,810 [fluvoxamine] to 19,849,930 [citalopram]) during the study period. For each case, we identified up to four seizure-free controls receiving a similar anti-depressant, and matched on age, sex, date and a pre-defined seizure-specific disease risk index. Results: We identified 5701 patients hospitalized with a first-ever seizure and matched them with 21,872 controls. Relative to bupropion, the risk of new-onset seizure during therapeutic use was highest for escitalopram (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.79; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.42–2.25) and citalopram (OR 1.67; 95% CI 1.35–2.07), while no incremental risk was found for fluoxetine (OR 1.02; 95%CI 0.78–1.33) and duloxetine (OR 0.94; 95%CI 0.75–1.22). Other anti-depressants were associated with modest increase in seizure risk. Conclusions: The risk of seizure during therapeutic use among elderly patients varies among second-generation anti-depressants. Escitalopram and citalopram are associated with the highest risk. Prescribers should consider the seizure risk of individual anti-depressants and use discretion when selecting an anti-depressant, especially for patients with other risk factors for seizure. Frontline clinicians should be cognizant of this differential risk. ER  - 
The limited impact of psychiatric disease and psychotropic medication on the outcome of hospitalization for pneumonia$$$ Psychotropic medicine has been suggested to be a risk factor for the onset of pneumonia, especially aspiration pneumonia. However, the impact of coexisting psychiatric disease and psychotropic medication on the outcomes of pneumonia patients in the respiratory care unit setting is less well-known. We conducted a single-centre retrospective study of 209 consecutive patients who were hospitalized due to pneumonia. Using the patients’ records, coexisting psychiatric diseases and the use of psychotropic medicines were reviewed to examine their association with the clinical course of inpatients with pneumonia. Psychotropic medicines, including agents for insomnia, were used in 73 (34.9%) patients, and there were 35 (16.9%) patients who had psychiatric disease. Among the 12 (5.7%) fatal cases, 4 patients were treated with psychotropic medicines, all of which were agents for insomnia. However, the rate of psychotropic medicine usage in the fatal cases (33.3%) was equivalent to that of the survivors (35%, p = 0.905), and the coexistence of psychiatric disease did not affect survival. The median duration of hospitalization was 15 days. The duration of hospitalization of the patients who received psychotropic medicines (median: 17 [range: 7–89] days) was also equivalent to that of the other patients (14 [2–55] days, p = 0.081). While the present study was a single-centre study and had a small population, coexisting psychiatric disease and psychotropic medicine use did not have a strong impact on the outcomes of pneumonia patients who were hospitalized in the respiratory unit of a university hospital. Further prospective studies targeting a larger cohort are needed. ER  - 
Somatic Symptom Disorders in Adolescent Inpatients$$$ Purpose: There are only a few reports of adolescents with somatic disorders (SDs) whose symptoms are sufficiently severe to require hospital admission. The aim of this study was to describe the symptom profile, health service utilization, and outcome of adolescents with SDs admitted to a tertiary children's hospital. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of all adolescents admitted to the Adolescent Medicine Unit of a tertiary children's hospital was undertaken from July 2013 to June 2014. In a two-stage process, medical records were examined to identify patients who met the diagnostic criteria for SD. Evidence of functional recovery was obtained for the period from 18 to 30 months after discharge and rated as completely recovered, partially recovered, or functionally disabled. Results: A total of 60 admissions (53 patients, 79% female) were identified with SD, accounting for 12% of the unit's admissions and 2% of hospital admissions over 12 years old. Nearly half (45%) the presenting symptoms were neurological and 39% involved pain. In total, 20% of admissions were for complex symptoms involving multiple body systems. The majority (81%) of adolescents with follow-up documentation (n = 37) demonstrated complete or partial recovery. Patients whose families fully accepted the diagnosis were more likely to accept counseling following discharge (p <.001) and were almost 20 times more likely to have completely recovered compared to adolescents whose families partially accepted or rejected the diagnosis (odds ratio 17.36, p =.003). Conclusions: Hospitalized adolescents with SD utilize substantial resources due to the requirement for comprehensive assessment, including multidisciplinary communication. Recovery can be anticipated for the majority, especially if supported by parents. ER  - 
Benefits of additional cardiologic examination in patients admitted for differential diagnosis to the Epilepsy Center Bethel$$$ Additional cardiologic examination for syncope is used for patients admitted for diagnostic reasons in the Epilepsy Center Bethel if, after epileptologic examination, the etiology of seizures remains uncertain and a cardiologic etiology is suspected. Therefore, we retrospectively analyzed all patient data from the diagnostic department between 02/2011 and 07/2015 to evaluate the benefits to patients of additional cardiologic examination for syncope. 78 out of 1567 patients underwent additional cardiologic examination for syncope. Syncope was confirmed in 50 cases (25 neurocardiogenic, 4 orthostatic hypotension, 6 rhythmogenic, 2 others, 13 unknown). The previous diagnosis of epilepsy made before admission to the Epilepsy Center Bethel was rejected in 25 out of 30 cases. Loop recorders were implanted in 26 patients. In 8 out of 26 cases the loop recorder helped to provide a definite diagnosis of a cardiac arrhythmia (n = 6) or to rule out a cardiac cause (n = 2). In conclusion, patients benefit from a close cooperation between epileptology and cardiology. ER  - 
Benign rolandic epilepsy of childhood and central auditory processing disorder: A noncasual neurophysiological association$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to demonstrate the association between benign rolandic epilepsy of childhood (BREC) and central auditory processing disorders (CAPDs) and to test the hypothesis that an early onset of BREC could be associated with more cases of CAPD. Method: This study has a retrospective cross-sectional design conducted from January 2006 to January 2016 including 93 patients with BREC and without intellectual disability, dyslexia, and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorders. All patients were evaluated for central auditory processing (CAP), and its presence or absence was compared with age of seizure onset. Results: In all patients, audiometric test results were normal, and in 43 cases (46.2%), CAPD was detected. There was no significant statistical difference in the mean age of seizure onset. Conclusion: A significant proportion of children with BREC will have a diagnosis of CAPD at school age. ER  - 
Postmarketing experience with brivaracetam in the treatment of focal epilepsy in children and adolescents$$$ Introduction: This multicenter, retrospective study aimed to evaluate the efficiency, retention, safety, and tolerability of brivaracetam (BRV) in children and adolescents with focal epilepsy. Methods: All patients aged ≤ 17 years with focal epilepsy who started BRV in 2016 and 2017 were analyzed. Results: Thirty-four patients (mean age: 12.2 years, range: 3–17 years, 56% female) were treated with BRV for 25 days to 24 months, with a total exposure time of 19.7 years. Overnight switch from levetiracetam (LEV) to BRV was performed in 20 patients at a median ratio of 10:1. Retention rate was 97% at three months, with only one patient reporting a discontinuation of BRV treatment. Further dropouts were reported in one patient after seven months and in two patients after one year of treatment, respectively. The median length of exposure to BRV was 180 days. Efficacy at three months was 47% (50% responder rate), with 10 patients (29%) reporting seizure freedom. A long-term 50% responder rate was present in 12 patients [35%; four patients seizure-free (12%)] for more than six months and in seven patients (21%; no seizure-free patients) for more than 12 months. Treatment-emergent adverse events were observed in 12% of patients, with the most common being sedation, somnolence, loss or gain of appetite, and psychobehavioral adverse events. Conclusions: Use of BRV in children and adolescents seems to be safe and well-tolerated. The results with 50% responder rate of 47% are consistent with those from randomized controlled trials and postmarketing studies in adults. An immediate switch from LEV to BRV at a ratio of 10:1 is feasible. The occurrence of psychobehavioral adverse events seems less prominent than under LEV and a switch to BRV can be considered in patients with LEV-induced adverse events. ER  - 
Response to reduced nicotine content cigarettes among smokers with chronic health conditions$$$ Individuals with chronic health conditions persist in smoking despite the presence of smoking-related illness. The aim of this study was to examine whether chronic health conditions moderate response to reduced nicotine content cigarettes (0.4, 2.4, 5.2, 15.8 mg/g of tobacco). This is a secondary analysis of a controlled clinical laboratory study that examined the acute effects of cigarettes varying in nicotine content among individuals especially vulnerable to smoking and tobacco dependence. Participants in the present study were categorized as having 0, 1–2, or ≥3 smoking-related chronic health conditions (i.e., chronic condition severity, CCS). Repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to examine whether CCS moderated response to cigarettes across measures of addiction potential (i.e., concurrent choice testing between nicotine dose pairs, Cigarette Purchase Task (CPT) performance, positive subjective effects), tobacco withdrawal, cigarette craving, and smoking topography. No main effects of CCS or interactions of CCS and nicotine dose were observed for concurrent choice testing, positive subjective effects, tobacco withdrawal, or smoking topography. Main effects of CCS were noted on the CPT with greater CCS being associated with less persistent demand. There was an interaction of CCS and nicotine dose on Factor 1 of the Questionnaire on Smoking Urges with the effects of dose significant only among those with 1–2 chronic conditions. Overall, we see minimal evidence that chronic condition severity affects response to reduced nicotine content cigarettes. A policy that reduces the nicotine content of cigarettes to minimally addictive levels may benefit smokers already experiencing smoking-related chronic conditions. ER  - 
Dual-center, dual-platform microRNA profiling identifies potential plasma biomarkers of adult temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Background: There are no blood-based molecular biomarkers of temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) to support clinical diagnosis. MicroRNAs are short noncoding RNAs with strong biomarker potential due to their cell-specific expression, mechanistic links to brain excitability, and stable detection in biofluids. Altered levels of circulating microRNAs have been reported in human epilepsy, but most studies collected samples from one clinical site, used a single profiling platform or conducted minimal validation. Method: Using a case-control design, we collected plasma samples from video-electroencephalogram-monitored adult TLE patients at epilepsy specialist centers in two countries, performed genome-wide PCR-based and RNA sequencing during the discovery phase and validated findings in a large (>250) cohort of samples that included patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Findings: After profiling and validation, we identified miR-27a-3p, miR-328-3p and miR-654-3p with biomarker potential. Plasma levels of these microRNAs were also changed in a mouse model of TLE but were not different to healthy controls in PNES patients. We determined copy number of the three microRNAs in plasma and demonstrate their rapid detection using an electrochemical RNA microfluidic disk as a prototype point-of-care device. Analysis of the microRNAs within the exosome-enriched fraction provided high diagnostic accuracy while Argonaute-bound miR-328-3p selectively increased in patient samples after seizures. In situ hybridization localized miR-27a-3p and miR-328-3p within neurons in human brain and bioinformatics predicted targets linked to growth factor signaling and apoptosis. Interpretation: This study demonstrates the biomarker potential of circulating microRNAs for epilepsy diagnosis and mechanistic links to underlying pathomechanisms. ER  - 
Factors Related to Long Term Motor, Behavioral, and Scholastic Outcome in Children with Acute Disseminated Encephalomyelitis$$$ Objective: We studied the long-term outcome of Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM). Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study among children diagnosed with ADEM (fulfilling IPMSSG criteria). Major outcome variables were motor deficit, scholastic underperformance, and behavioral abnormality. Results: The inclusion criteria were fulfilled by 102 children. Three died in hospital. The follow-up ranged from one to 10 years (median 4 years). Motor deficit was seen in 17(17.2%), attention deficit in 25 (25.3%), behavioral abnormality in 13(13.1%), persistent seizures in seven (7%) invididuals and poor learning skills in 22 (22.2%). Recurrence of demyelination occurred in seven (7.1%). Two individuals had a recurrent demyelinating disorder (a chronic relapsing demyelinating disorder) that could not be classified as multiple sclerosis (MS), two had ADEM with sequential optic neuritis and three had multiphasic ADEM. At follow-up, the mean (SD) modified Rankin Scale (mRS) score was 0.556 (1.36) and Expanded Disability Status Scale score was 1.71(2.22). On multivariate analysis, the mRS score at discharge (p<0.01) and thalamic lesions on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) (p<0.01) were associated with motor sequelae; poor learning skills with ADEM with concomitant polyneuropathy (p<0.02); and behavioral abnormality with tumefactive demyelination (p<0.02). Conclusions: Children who had ADEM may have motor or cognitive sequelae, seizures or recurrent demyelinating events on follow-up. We identified a few risk factors for these sequelae. Factors that affected outcome on discharge from hospital did not affect chances of having long-term sequelae. On follow-up, none of the children fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for MS, suggesting that the chance of conversion of ADEM to MS is less likely. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with or without anthracyclines in the presence of dual HER2 blockade for HER2-positive breast cancer (TRAIN-2): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, phase 3 trial$$$ Background: The optimal chemotherapy backbone for dual HER2 blockade in the neoadjuvant setting for early breast cancer is unknown. We investigated whether the addition of anthracyclines would improve pathological complete response compared with a carboplatin–taxane regimen, when given in combination with the HER2-targeted agents trastuzumab and pertuzumab. Methods: The TRAIN-2 study is an open-label, randomised, controlled, phase 3 trial being done in 37 hospitals in the Netherlands. We recruited patients aged 18 years or older with previously untreated, histologically confirmed stage II–III HER2-positive breast cancer. Patients were randomly allocated using central randomisation software (1:1 ratio) with minimisation without a random component, stratified by tumour stage, nodal stage, oestrogen receptor status, and age, to receive 5-fluorouracil (500 mg/m2), epirubicin (90 mg/m2), and cyclophosphamide (500 mg/m2) every 3 weeks for three cycles followed by paclitaxel (80 mg/m2 on days 1 and 8) and carboplatin (area under the concentration–time curve [AUC] 6 mg/mL per min on day 1 or optionally, as per hospital preference, AUC 3 mg/mL per min on days 1 and 8) every 3 weeks for six cycles, or to receive nine cycles of paclitaxel and carboplatin at the same dose and schedule as in the anthracycline group. Patients in both study groups received trastuzumab (6 mg/kg, loading dose 8 mg/kg) and pertuzumab (420 mg, loading dose 840 mg) concurrently with all chemotherapy cycles. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients who achieved a pathological complete response in breast and axilla (ypT0/is ypN0) in the intention-to-treat population. Safety was analysed in patients who received at least one treatment cycle according to actual treatment received. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01996267, and follow-up for long-term outcome is ongoing. Findings: Between Dec 9, 2013, and Jan 14, 2016, 438 patients were enrolled and randomly assigned to the two treatment groups (219 patients to each group), of whom 418 were evaluable for the primary endpoint (212 in the anthracycline group and 206 in the non-anthracycline group). The median follow-up for all patients was 19 months (IQR 16–23 months). A pathological complete response was recorded in 141 (67%, 95% CI 60–73) of 212 patients in the anthracycline group and in 140 (68%, 61–74) of 206 in the non-anthracycline group (p=0·95). One patient randomly allocated to the non-anthracycline group did receive anthracyclines and was thus included in the anthracycline group for safety analyses; therefore, for the safety analyses there were 220 patients in the anthracycline group and 218 in the non-anthracycline group. Serious adverse events were reported in 61 (28%) of 220 patients in the anthracycline group and in 49 (22%) of 218 in the non-anthracycline group. The most common adverse events of any cause were grade 3 or worse neutropenia (in 131 [60%] of 220 patients in the anthracycline group vs 118 [54%] of 218 in the non-anthracycline group), grade 3 or worse diarrhoea (26 [12%] vs 37 [18%]), and grade 2 or worse peripheral neuropathy (66 [30%] vs 68 [31%]), with no substantial differences between the groups. Grade 3 or worse febrile neutropenia was more common in the anthracycline group than in the non-anthracycline group (23 [10%] vs three [1%], p<0·0001). Symptomatic left ventricular systolic dysfunction was rare in both groups (two [1%] of 220 vs 0 of 218). One patient in the anthracycline group died because of a pulmonary embolism, which was possibly treatment related. Interpretation: In view of the high proportion of pathological complete responses recorded in both groups and the fact that febrile neutropenia was more frequent in the anthracycline group, omitting anthracyclines from neoadjuvant treatment regimens might be a preferred approach in the presence of dual HER2 blockade in patients with early HER2-positive breast cancer. Long-term follow-up is required to confirm these results. Funding: Roche Netherlands. ER  - 
A novel Seizure Quality Index based on ictal parameters for optimizing clinical decision making in electroconvulsive therapy. Part 1: development$$$ Early identification of patients at high risk for an unfavorable outcome to ECT during the course might be beneficial because it provides an opportunity for timely intensification or optimization of stimulus conditions. We aimed to develop a new Seizure Quality Index (SQI) that delivers a clinical relevant outcome prediction early in the treatment course and can be used within common clinical setting. An observational study was conducted. Patients (n = 86) with a depressive episode and the clinical decision for ECT (right unilateral, brief pulse) were included, and several ictal parameters derived from the second ECT session and the clinical outcome of the patients were documented. Optimal cut-off points for five different domains of ictal adequacy for younger and older patients for the prediction of “non-response” and “non-remission” based on seizure quality was determined by the Youden Index and a sum score was built. Logistic regression analyses tested the predictive power of derived models. For both outcome variables “non-response” and “non-remission”, the logistic regression models were statistically significant, albeit for remission only for subjects below the age of 65 years (χ2 = 17.9, p = 0.001) and (χ2 = 6.4, p = 0.020), respectively. The models correctly classified 87.2% (non-response) and 50.0% (non-remission) of the cases. ROC curve analysis showed an AUC of 0.87 (non-response) and 0.70 (non-remission). In elderly patients (> 65), no such model could be established due to a response rate of 100%. Our data provide promising, clinically relevant results about the prediction of response to ECT at an early stage for patients with depression. ER  - 
Gut microbiota associations with common diseases and prescription medications in a population-based cohort$$$ The human gut microbiome has been associated with many health factors but variability between studies limits exploration of effects between them. Gut microbiota profiles are available for >2700 members of the deeply phenotyped TwinsUK cohort, providing a uniform platform for such comparisons. Here, we present gut microbiota association analyses for 38 common diseases and 51 medications within the cohort. We describe several novel associations, highlight associations common across multiple diseases, and determine which diseases and medications have the greatest association with the gut microbiota. These results provide a reference for future studies of the gut microbiome and its role in human health. ER  - 
Brief vs. ultrabrief pulse ECT: focus on seizure quality$$$ The effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) performed with ultrabrief pulse (UBP) stimulation has been found inferior to brief pulse (BP) ECT in various studies. We reinvestigated this issue using a new dosing strategy that is based on seizure quality instead of seizure threshold. There is a long history of studies associating ictal characteristics of ECT with the clinical outcome. Accordingly, we used the clinical status of the patient and the quality of the prior seizure to determine the dosage for the upcoming treatment—referred to as Clinical and Seizure Based Stimulation (CASBAS). This approach aims at continuously providing high-quality seizures to optimize the outcome. While this dosing strategy was applied in our department, the pulse width was changed for a period of time from BP to UBP. It was hypothesized that the procedure would: (1) maintain seizure quality and clinical outcome under both conditions and would; and (2) compensate the lesser clinical efficacy of UBP by an increase in stimulus intensity. 245 patients received an ECT course according to the dosing strategy described, 162 with brief pulse (BP) and 83 with ultrabrief pulse ECT (UBP). In a retrospective evaluation, seizure quality and clinical outcome (available in a 20% subgroup of patients) did not differ between both groups in most of the examined parameters, while stimulus intensity was found to be significantly higher in the UBP group. As hypothesized, UBP was less efficient than BP in providing comparable ictal quality and clinical outcome. In a first test of concept the dosing strategy CASBAS seemed suitable to continuously adjust the stimulus intensity in ECT and maintain the seizure quality. ER  - 
Ephenidine, diphenidine, and methoxphenidine complications reported to the French Addictovigilance Network$$$ Ephenidine, diphenidine, and methoxphenidine belong to the family of diarylethylamines that are psychoactive substances derived from lefetamine (N, N-di-methyl-1,2-diphenylethylamine, also called L-SPA). These dissociative anesthetic compounds act as potent and selective N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonists and were recently classified as narcotic drugs in France. The available data suggest a significant risk of psychic and somatic complications. To obtain more information, this retrospective study analyzed all spontaneous notifications of serious cases of ephenidine, diphenidine, and methoxphenidine abuse collected by the French Addictovigilance Network from 2012 to 2016 and classified them as proven, probable, and possible. For each case, age, sex, concomitantly ingested substances, pattern of abuse of psychoactive drugs, and related complications (scored using the poisoning severity score) were collected. Eighteen cases were identified (one in 2013, five in 2015, and 12 in 2016) in 16 men (median age: 31.5 years [IQR 25–75% 27–34]). Ephenidine, diphenidine, and methoxphenidine were involved in four, seven, and 11 cases, respectively. No case was considered proven, 16 cases were considered possible, and two probable due to polysubstance abuse (co-ingestion of other new psychoactive substances). The reported clinical complications were minor in five cases, moderate in six cases, and serious in four cases, and included psychiatric, neurologic, and cardiovascular problems. This analysis indicates that the number of reported cases progressively increased from 2012 to 2016 and mainly concerned methoxphenidine. The addictive potential of these substances seems highly probable; but further investigations are needed to limit their harmful effects. ER  - 
Early use of donepezil against psychosis and cognitive decline in Parkinson's disease: A randomised controlled trial for 2 years$$$ Objectives Brain acetylcholine is decreased even in patients with cognitively preserved Parkinson's disease (PD). We investigated whether early and long-term use of donepezil prevents psychosis in non-demented PD patients. Methods A double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial was conducted. A total of 145 non-demented PD patients were randomly assigned to receive 5 mg/day donepezil (n=72) or placebo (n=73) for 96 weeks. Medications for PD were not restricted, but antipsychotic drugs were not permitted throughout the study. The primary outcome measure was survival time to psychosis that was predefined by Parkinson's Psychosis Questionnaire (PPQ) B score ≥2 or C score ≥2. Secondary outcome measures included psychosis developing within 48 weeks, total PPQ score, Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), Wechsler Memory Scale (WMS) and subgroup analysis by apolipoprotein ϵ4 genotyping. Results Kaplan-Meier curves for psychosis development were very similar between the two groups, and the Cox proportional hazard model revealed an adjusted HR of 0.87 (95%CI 0.48 to 1.60). The changes in MMSE and WMS-1 (auditory memory) were significantly better with donepezil than in placebo. In the subgroup analysis, donepezil provided an HR of 0.31 (0.11-0.86) against psychosis in 48 weeks for apolipoprotein ϵ4 non-carriers. Conclusions Although donepezil provided beneficial effects on PPQ, MMSE and auditory WMS score changes in 2 years, it had no prophylactic effect on development of psychosis in PD. Apolipoprotein ϵ4 may suppress the antipsychotic effect of donepezil. ER  - 
Prevalence of psychiatric diagnoses in pediatric chiari malformation type 1$$$ This cross-sectional study investigates the prevalence and risks for psychiatric diagnoses in a large cohort of children with Chiari malformation type 1 (CM1) presenting for neurosurgical evaluation. Children between the ages of 6 and 17 years who were evaluated and diagnosed with CM1 at a neurosurgery clinic were identified. Eighty-six participants were recruited for this study with an average age of 11 years. Parents of participants completed a pediatric medical history questionnaire and a semistructured interview regarding the child's psychiatric, developmental, medical, and family history. A review of medical records was completed to complement interview data. Elevated rates of psychiatric diagnoses, including attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) (22.1%), anxiety (12.8%), and depression (10.5%), were identified in the study population when compared to published norms in the general population documented by the American Psychiatric Association in 2013. In addition, elevated rates of psychiatric diagnoses in first-degree relatives of study participants were also identified. A 2-step binary logistic regression analysis revealed that maternal complications during pregnancy (Wald = 6.52, p = 0.01) increased the risk of a psychiatric diagnosis 9-fold. Premature birth (Wald = 6.79, p = 0.01) also significantly predicted a psychiatric diagnosis amongst participants. The current findings suggest a high prevalence of psychiatric illness in children with CM1. Pregnancy complications were associated with a high risk of a psychiatric diagnosis. Early CNS developmental disturbance may explain this relationship. Prematurity only slightly improved the prediction model. Limitations and future directions are discussed, including the cross-sectional nature of the present study, possible self-selection bias, and the importance of future investigation of other causative and/or associative factors of CM1, such as cognitive, psychiatric, and medical influences on health status. ER  - 
Psychiatric Comorbidities and Psychotropic Medication Use in Autism: A Matched Cohort Study with ADHD and General Population Comparator Groups in the United Kingdom$$$ Psychiatric comorbidities and use of psychotropic medications are common among patients with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). However, most previous research used data from the United States (US) and few studies have compared medication use in ASD to control groups, making contextualization of results difficult. In the United Kingdom (UK), general practitioners play a key role in the management of ASD. We conducted a retrospective, cross-sectional study over calendar year 2015, using primary care data from the UK. We identified a prevalent cohort of ASD cases (n = 10,856) and matched control groups of (a) general population (n = 21,712) and (b) attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD; n = 7,058) on age, sex and region. We described psychiatric comorbidities, psychotropic medications, and healthcare utilization in all three cohorts. Within the ASD cohort, we used multivariable logistic regression models to explore associations between patient characteristics and the outcomes of: any psychotropic medication, polypharmacy, and number of primary care visits. We used conditional logistic regression to compare the ASD and control groups. Psychiatric comorbidities were recorded for 41.5% of ASD patients; 32.3% received psychotropic medication and 9.8% received polypharmacy. Increased age and all psychiatric comorbidities (except conduct disorder) were associated with treatment use. Males were less likely to receive a treatment than females [Odds ratio (OR) 0.74 (0.66–0.83)]. ASD patients were more likely to take psychotropic medications than the general population [OR 4.91 (4.46–5.40)], but less likely compared to ADHD patients [OR 0.40 (0.37–0.44)]. Overall, rates of medication use in the UK were lower than those previously reported in the US. Autism Research 2018, 11: 1690–1700. © 2018 International Society for Autism Research, Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Lay Summary: We used electronic medical records from the UK, to describe the amount of psychiatric comorbidities, psychotropic medication use and healthcare resource use in ASD. Around one in three people with ASD were prescribed a psychotropic medication, which was more than the general population, but less than for those with ADHD. Increased age, psychiatric comorbidities and female gender were all independently associated with psychotropic medication use. Rates of medication use in the UK were lower than those previously reported in the US. ER  - 
Cognitive outcomes following epilepsy in infancy: A longitudinal community-based study$$$ Objective: Onset of epilepsy before 2 years of age is associated with poor cognitive outcome; however, the natural course of the range of epilepsies that occur at this age is unknown. The aim of this prospective community-based study was to investigate the neuropsychological development of infants with newly diagnosed epilepsy longitudinally and to identify the clinical factors that predict long-term impairment. Methods: Sixty-six infants <24 months of age were enrolled in the baseline phase of this study; 40 were seen again at 1-year follow-up and 40 at 3-year follow-up. Children underwent a neurological and neuropsychological assessment at each time point. Results: More than 55% of children demonstrated impaired cognitive functioning at each assessment, with a similar percentage showing impaired memory and attention at 3-year follow-up. Cognitive scores obtained at each time point were correlated. More than 20 seizures/seizure clusters prior to assessment and an abnormal neurologic examination predicted poor cognitive functioning at baseline, whereas continuing seizures and baseline cognitive score predicted 3-year intelligence quotient (IQ)/cognitive score. Significance: These findings demonstrate the following: (1) infants who are performing poorly at baseline continue to display impaired development at follow-up, (2) these children are delayed across a range of neuropsychological functions, and (3) a high number of seizures close to initial diagnosis and continuing seizures at follow-up independently predict cognitive impairment. These findings help to identify those infants with new-onset epilepsy who are most at risk for poor developmental outcome and suggest that multimodal interventions should be instituted early in the course of the disorder to improve outcomes. ER  - 
Maternal immune activation, central nervous system development and behavioral phenotypes$$$ Maternal immune activation (MIA) refers to a maternal immune system triggered by infectious or infectious-like stimuli. A cascade of cytokines and immunologic alterations are transmitted to the fetus, resulting in adverse phenotypes most notably in the central nervous system. Epidemiologic studies implicate maternal infections in a variety of neuropsychiatric disorders, most commonly autism spectrum disorders and schizophrenia. In animal models, MIA causes neurochemical and anatomic changes in the brain that correspond to those found in humans with the disorders. As our understanding of the interactions between environment, genetics, and immune system grows, the role of alternative, noninfectious risk factors, such as prenatal stress, obesity, and the gut microbiome also becomes clearer. This review considers how infectious and noninfectious etiologies activate the maternal immune system. Their impact on fetal programming and neuropsychiatric disorders in offspring is examined in the context of human and animal studies. ER  - 
Eleven years of clozapine experience in autism spectrum disorder: Efficacy and tolerance$$$ Background Autism spectrum disorders (ASDs) are neurodevelopmental disorders that comprise wide graduated clinical expressions but similar core symptoms (repetitive, stereotyped behavior, and social communication disabilities). Many patients with ASD have disruptive behaviors like aggressiveness, temper tantrums, or self-injury that interfere with their socializations, their learning abilities, and their quality of life. These behaviors represent a common target for pharmacology. Beherec et al (J Clin Psychopharmacol. 2011;31:341-344) (first cohort), showed the efficacy of clozapine on disruptive behaviors in 6 patients with autism who were older than 16 years. The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy and tolerance of clozapine in a new cohort and the long-term effect in our first cohort. Procedures Concerning the replication study, we conducted a retrospective study of the changes of aggressive behaviors for all patients with ASD who were treated with clozapine from 2011 to 2017. Disruptive behaviors were monitored from 1 to 6 months before and after the initiation of the clozapine. Results All the patients of the first cohort were still on clozapine after an average of 11 + 2.6 years, with the same efficacy and no serious adverse effect was noted. For the replication study, 13 patients were included. Clozapine resulted in a significant decrease in the number of the days with aggression (65.2% + 32.6%). Once again, no serious adverse effect was notified. All the patients had a better quality of life. Conclusions Our study confirms that clozapine could be an efficacious and well-tolerated treatment for ASD patients with disruptive behaviors who do not respond to other antipsychotics on the long term. ER  - 
Does getting high hurt? Characterization of cases of LSD and psilocybin-containing mushroom exposures to national poison centers between 2000 and 2016$$$ Background: Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) and psilocybin are serotonergic hallucinogens that are used primarily for recreational abuse. Small studies evaluated the efficacy of LSD and psilocybin for several psychiatric conditions. There are limited safety or toxicity data for either of these substances, especially in large populations. Methods: This was a retrospective analysis of single-substance exposures of LSD or psilocybin-containing mushrooms (PcMs) reported to United States poison centers from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2016. The study describes the most frequent toxicities, management sites, and medical outcomes. Results: A total of 5883 PcM and 3554 LSD exposures were included. Most patients were between 13 and 29 years of age (83.9% PcM, 88.9% LSD) and primarily male (77.9% PcM, 74.1% LSD). Most common clinical effects were hallucinations (45.8% PcM, 37.4% LSD), agitation (24.1% PcM, 42.4% LSD), and tachycardia (18.0% PcM, 38.6% LSD). Serious clinical effects were infrequent, but included hyperthermia, seizures, coma, increased serum creatinine, and cardiac arrest. Most patients were treated and released from the emergency department. More LSD patients were admitted to critical care and non-critical care units than PcM patients. Moderate effect was the most frequent outcome for both substances (61.0% PcM, 62.3% LSD). Conclusion: These data find that LSD and PcM use occurs primarily in adolescents and young adults, who experience mild to moderate adverse effects. Serious effects are infrequent but can occur. While most LSD and PcM users require only emergency department management, LSD use is more likely to require medical admission. ER  - 
Long-term efficacy and safety of pediatric prolonged-release melatonin for insomnia in children with autism spectrum disorder$$$ Objective: A recent double-blind randomized placebo-controlled study demonstrated 3-month efficacy and safety of a novel pediatric-appropriate prolonged-release melatonin (PedPRM) for insomnia in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and neurogenetic disorders (NGD) with/without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder comorbidity. Long-term efficacy and safety of PedPRM treatment was studied. Methods: A prospective, open-label efficacy and safety follow-up of nightly 2, 5, or 10 mg PedPRM in subjects who completed the 13-week double-blind trial (51 PedPRM; 44 placebo). Measures included caregiver-reported Sleep and Nap Diary, Composite Sleep Disturbance Index (CSDI), caregiver's Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Epworth Sleepiness Scale, and quality of life (WHO-5 Well-Being Index). Results: Ninety-five subjects (74.7% males; mean [standard deviation] age, 9 [4.24]; range, 2-17.5 years) received PedPRM (2/5 mg) according to the double-blind phase dose, for 39 weeks with optional dose adjustment (2, 5, or 10 mg/day) after the first 13 weeks. After 52 weeks of continuous treatment (PedPRM-randomized group) subjects slept (mean [SE]) 62.08 (21.5) minutes longer (p = 0.007); fell asleep 48.6 (10.2) minutes faster (p < 0.001); had 89.1 (25.5) minutes longer uninterrupted sleep episodes (p = 0.001); 0.41 (0.12) less nightly awakenings (>50% decrease; p = 0.001); and better sleep quality (p < 0.001) compared with baseline. The placebo-randomized group also improved with PedPRM. Altogether, by the end of 39-week follow-up, regardless of randomization assignment, 55/72 (76%) of completers achieved overall improvement of ≥1 hour in total sleep time (TST), sleep latency or both, over baseline, with no evidence of decreased efficacy. In parallel, CSDI child sleep disturbance and caregivers' satisfaction of their child's sleep patterns (p < 0.001 for both), PSQI global (p < 0.001), and WHO-5 (p = 0.001) improved in statistically significant and clinically relevant manner (n = 72) compared with baseline. PedPRM was generally safe; most frequent treatment-related adverse events were fatigue (5.3%) and mood swings (3.2% of patients). Conclusion: PedPRM, an easily swallowed formulation shown to be efficacious versus placebo, is an efficacious and safe option for long-term treatment (up to 52 weeks reported here) of children with ASD and NGD who suffer from insomnia and subsequently improves caregivers' quality of life. ER  - 
Using surface electromyography to differentiate between generalized tonic-clonic seizures and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: It is estimated that 25% of patients previously diagnosed with epilepsy who are not responding to AEDs are found to have psychogenic non-epilepsy seizures (PNES). The utility of sEMG can be expanded to provide diagnostic information that may help in the differentiation between captured GTCS and PNES recordings. Method: In a multi-center, phase III trial of the sEMG monitoring device with concomitant vEEG recording, 10 GTC seizures and 10 motor PNES were classified by three certified epileptologists (via vEEG). An algorithm was developed for extracting features from the traces. The area under the curve (AUC) of each the high and low frequency traces, as well as the ratio of high/low AUCs, were calculated for the regions within each epoch that met the criteria of being above a threshold that defines baseline data. The AUC ratios for GTCS and PNES were compared using unpaired student's t-test with Bonferoni correction and found to be significant if p < .05. Results: The AUC for the high and low frequency traces, as well as the ratio between the high/low frequency traces for GTCS and PNES were calculated. For a GTC, the high frequency AUC was 3,078,615 ± 936,305 a.u., and the low frequency AUC was 16,921,510 ± 4,995,778 a.u. For a PNES, the high frequency AUC was 5,873 ± 4,355 a.u., and the low frequency AUC was 1,336,344 ± 756,219 a.u. An average of the AUC ratios were found statically different between GTCS (0.26 ± 0.09 a.u.) and PNES (0.002 ± 0.002 a.u., p = .018). Conclusion: Data, recorded by the Brain Sentinel® device, is sufficient to differentiate muscle activity during GTCS from PNES. The most impactful attribute was the absence of high frequency data in PNES events, with a strong presence in GTCS, that is predominant during the tonic phase. ER  - 
Potential markers for late onset seizures in icu patients$$$ Purpose: Our previous study has demonstrated the positive yield of repeat cEEG monitoring capturing seizures is 5.3% after a mean cumulative number of monitoring time of 66 h. We set out to determine if specific markers are present during the initial cEEG monitoring to identify patients at risk of developing seizures beyond that period. Method: We retrospectively identified patients who had undergone repeat cEEG during a single hospital admission. Beside patient characteristics, all cEEG reports were reviewed for the total number of cEEG performed, and the total number of hours of cEEG recording (both during an individual cEEG period and cumulatively). Repeat cEEGs were considered useful if subsequent cEEG demonstrated seizures (convulsive or non-convulsive) when the first cEEG did not. Results: A total of 2284 adult patients (age > 17) underwent cEEG monitoring were evaluated in our study. Of these, 251 patients (11%) received a repeat cEEG. Thirteen of these 251 patients demonstrated seizures on their repeat cEEG (5.2%). Among them, six patients had inter-ictal epileptiform discharges (IED), six other patients demonstrated focal slowing, and one patient was found to have non-epileptic seizures and normal background on their first cEEG. 4/6 patients (66.7%) demonstrating IED on their first cEEG had intracranial pathologies (hemorrhage and brain metastasis). 4/5 (80%) patients showing focal slowing on their first cEEG also had intracranial hemorrhage. Conclusion: With limited resources, careful consideration in appropriate utilization of diagnostic study is ever more crucial to ascertain the delivery of optimal care to patients. While confirming our previous finding of positive yield of repeat cEEG monitoring capturing seizures, our current study has identified intracranial hemorrhage and metastasis as potential markers for patients at risk of developing seizures beyond the initial cEEG monitoring period. Further study is underway to determine the number of cEEG hours necessary for optimal yield. ER  - 
Semiology of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: An international cross-cultural study$$$ Purpose: We compared the semiology of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) between patients from the USA and Brazil. This international cross-cultural comparative study may expand understanding of PNES across the borders. Methods: We retrospectively investigated all patients with PNES admitted to one epilepsy center in the USA and one in Brazil. We classified their seizures into four classes: generalized motor, akinetic, focal motor, and subjective symptoms. All patients were interviewed by an epileptologist in both countries and were administered psychological assessment measures, including questions about PNES risk factors. For the statistical analyses, we compared patients from the two nations. Results: Eighty-nine patients (49 from the USA and 40 from Brazil) were studied. Patients from the two countries were not significantly different with regard to sex and age, but patients from Brazil had earlier age at onset (26 years vs. 34 years; p = 0.004) and a significantly greater delay in diagnosis (9.9 years vs. 5.6 years; p = 0.001). Some characteristics of PNES were different between the two groups; patients from the USA had generally more seizure types and more often reported subjective seizures (55% in the USA vs. 10% in Brazil; p = 0.0001). Clinical and historical characteristics of the patients were not significantly different. Conclusion: Delay in diagnosis of PNES may represent a major factor in resource-limited countries. Large multi-center cross-cultural studies may reveal subtle, but significant cross-cultural differences with respect to the semiological, clinical, and historical aspects of PNES; however, patients with PNES share more similarities than differences. ER  - 
Cognitive behavioural therapy vs standardised medical care for adults with dissociative non-epileptic seizures (CODES): Baseline characteristics of participants in a randomised controlled trial$$$ Purpose: Our prospective, pragmatic multi-centre randomised controlled trial (RCT) sets out to evaluate the clinical and cost effectiveness of Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) (plus Standardised Medical Care - SMC) compared to SMC alone in adults with dissociative seizures (DS). Methods: Adults with DS without active epilepsy have received their DS diagnosis and DS-related information from a neurologist/epilepsy specialist. Seizure occurrence was then monitored fortnightly. Three months later patients underwent psychiatric assessment and received further DSrelated information. Those eligible patients who had experienced DS within the previous 8 weeks, if consented to the RCT, undertook detailed baseline assessments and were randomised to receive either 13 sessions of CBT (including a booster session) plus SMC or SMC alone. Patients continued to undergo fortnightly DS frequency monitoring, with outcomes measured at 6 and 12 months after randomisation. An intention-to-treat analysis will evaluate outcomes relating to DS frequency, severity and freedom, quality of life, psychological state, and health service use. Results: By February 2017, 698 patients with DS had been recruited to the study's screening phase from services in England, Wales and Scotland. By the end of May 2017, 368 patients had been recruited to the RCT. Recruitment is now complete. We will present baseline characteristics of the sample in terms of our primary outcome (monthly seizure frequency) and our secondary outcomes (including seizure severity, anxiety and depression, general psychological distress, beliefs about emotions, avoidance behaviours, quality of life) as well as data on psychiatric co-morbidities in this large sample. Conclusions: The study design and up-to-date progress will be further described. Our achievements to date indicate that fully-powered RCTs with a rich data set are possible in patients with DS. ER  - 
Half of the patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures have concomitant epilepsy: Big diagnostic challenge$$$ Purpose: Five to 37% of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are also reported to have epileptic seizures. Wide range of coexistence ratio is due to methodological differences. We aimed to identify coexistence ratio in patients with PNES by dividing patients into subgroups including definite and probable cases using more precise criteria compared to previous studies in order to clarify this discrepancy. Method: We retrospectively searched medical files, Video- EEG monitoring unit (VEMU) reports and videos of 1983 adult patients who had been admitted to the VEMU between October 1996 and December 2017. We classified patients into 5 groups as definite pure PNES, definite epilepsy- PNES coexistence, definite PNES-probable epilepsy coexistence, definite epilepsy-probable PNES coexistence and probable PNES. We defined “definite” group when we saw the ictal EEG and/or video recording of the seizure. “Probable” term is used when there are strong evidence from history of a particular seizure type and suggestive interictal EEGs without video recordings. Results: Two-hundred-and-three of 1983 patients (10.2%) had PNES. Mean age at admission was 30.53±10.61. 142 of PNES cases (70%) were women. Median hospitalization duration was 5 [1-14] days. 44.8% of these patients (n:91) were definite pure PNES. Definite epilepsy-PNES coexistence was 32.5% (n:66). 18.7% of patients (n:38) who have definite PNES, were also thought to have probable epilepsy. 2.5% of patients (n:5) have definite epilepsy and coexistent probable PNES. 1.5% of patients (n:3) were probable PNES. Conclusion: Epilepsy and PNES coexistence is a big diagnostic challenge than expected. More than half of the patients with PNES also have epileptic seizures when probable patients are included. The reasons of high coexistence ratio in our large cohort is due to widespread availability of home video recordings, increased number of admissions to VEMU, chance of prolonged hospitalization and most importantly longer patient follow-ups by the same epileptologists. ER  - 
The corelation between adhd and brain MRI findings in children with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We analyzed the brain MRI findings in children with epilepsy and concomitant attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) to determine the corelation between MRI findings and ADHD. Method: A total of 55 patients (36 male, 19 female) were diagnosed as ADHD in children with epilepsy at the pediatric neurology department of Seoul St. Mary hospital from March, 2009 to December, 2013. The records of these patients were retrospectively reviewed. Patient variables such as age, sex, ADHD type, ADHD score, brain MRI findings, antiepileptic drug, age at onset of epilepsy were investigated. DSM-IV (diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorder, 4th edition) was used to identify the ADHD. Results: 29 patients (52.7%, male 16, female 13) had normal MRI findings, and 26 patients (47.3%, male 20, female 6) had abnormal MRI findings. The inattention type of ADHD (28, 96.5%) was the largest type in a group of normal brain MRI findings. While the combined type (14, 53.8%) and the inattention type (12, 46.2%) occupied the majority in a group of abnormal MRI findings (p < 0.001). The score of symptom in inattention was 7.44/9 in a group of normal MRI findings, while 8.2/9 in a group of abnormal MRI findings (p < 0.009). And the score of symptom in hyperactivity was 2.93/9 in a group of normal MRI findings, while it was 4.8/9 in a group of abnormal MRI findings (p < 0.004). Hippocampal sclerosis (7, 12.7%) was the largest abnormal finding in a group of abnormal MRI findings. And the scores of symptom in inattention (8.57/9) and hyperactivity (5.42/9) in hippocampal sclerosis were much higher than those (inattention; 7.44/9, hyperactivity; 2.93/9) of normal MRI findings (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Children with epilepsy who have abnormal MRI findings showed higher scores of ADHD symptoms than those with normal MRI findings. Therefore, the ADHD screening test should be performed early to detect ADHD. ER  - 
The frequency of ictal crying during the psychogenic non-epileptic seizures and epileptic seizures in turkish adult patients$$$ Purpose: Ictal crying is highly specific for psychogenic non-epileptic seizure (PNES), even up to 100% in some case series. But that was also reported in epileptic seizures (ES) rarely. Herein we aimed to define the frequency of ictal crying during PNES or ES, and characterize the clinical features. Method: We retrospectively searched EEG and medical files of 1983 adult patients who were hospitalized between October 1996-December 2017 in our long term video-EEG monitoring unit by using keywords of 'crying' and similar words (sadness etc.). The patients with crying attacks were divided into two groups as PNES and ES. All ictal video recordings of ES were reviewed. Identification of “epileptic ictal crying” was done if there were one of these features: sad facial expression, mourning, yelling or subjective feeling of sadness together with ictal rhythmic discharges. Some ES were excluded if there was a difficulty in differentiation crying from laughing. Results: Fifty seven patients (57/1983, 2.8%) had ictal crying during seizures. In PNES group (n: 205), only 37 patients had crying (37/205, 18%) during their attacks. 20 of 57 were diagnosed as ES and in which 6 patients had fulfilled criteria of epileptic ictal crying (6/1983, 0.3%). All of 6 patients were female, median age was 29 years and these patients had focal lesions (5 right handed:3 right temporal, 1 left temporal, 1left insular; 1 left handed:1left temporal). Conclusion: Ictal crying is not specific for PNES as previously reported in some case series. We found that it is not very frequent PNES group (18%). But the frequency of epileptic ictal crying is very rare. Also identification of crying may be difficult in some cases and is not easy to differentiate from laughing. Furthermore epileptogenic area which is located in nondominant hemisphere seems responsible in most of the patients with crying during ES. ER  - 
Development of anxiety and depressive symptoms in newly diagnosed persons with epilepsy: A one-year longitudinal study$$$ Purpose: Anxiety and depression are common in persons with epilepsy (PWE). However, few studies have longitudinally examined anxiety and depression in newly diagnosed PWE. Therefore, we evaluated the changes in anxiety and depressive symptoms over the first year of diagnosis and their predictors in newly diagnosed PWE. Method: This multicenter prospective study enrolled consecutive adult patients who had been newly diagnosed with focal or generalized epilepsy within one year from their first seizure attack. Anxiety and depressive symptoms were assessed using the Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS) at baseline and one year later. At the time of diagnosis, demographic, clinical seizure-related, and psychological data were collected. Psychological data included perceived stigma of epilepsy, stress coping style, personality, and self-esteem. Results: Ninety-four participants were included. Anxiety and depressive symptoms were in 43 (45.7%) and 39 (41.5%) at the time of epilepsy diagnosis, respectively. One year later, the prevalence of anxiety decreased 30 (31.9%) but the prevalence of depressive symptoms was similar to that at baseline 36 (38.3%). In univariate analysis, both higher HADS-D and HADS-A scores at one-year followup were related to more depressive or anxiety symptoms at baseline, lower self-esteem, presence of perceived stigma, lower problem-focused coping style, and seizure recurrence (p < 0.05). Additionally, polytherapy was also significantly related to the higher HADS-D scores at one-year followup. In the multiple regression analyses, seizure recurrence during one-year follow-up (p = 0.004) was identified as the only independent predictor for the HADS-D at one-year follow-up and more anxiety symptoms at baseline (p = 0.025) and seizure recurrence (p = 0.032) were identified as the independent predictors for the HADS-A scores at one-year follow-up. Conclusion: Seizure recurrence after diagnosis of epilepsy and initiation of antiepileptic drug treatment may be the most important predictor for the development of anxiety and depressive symptoms in newly diagnosed PWE. ER  - 
An audit of brivaracetam in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities$$$ Purpose: This is an audit of efficacy and tolerability of Brivaracetam (BRV) in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities. Methods: Hospital notes of all patients with drug-resistant epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities started on BRV at the Epilepsy Outpatient Clinics, St George's University Hospital and Frimley Health were retrospectively reviewed. Results: A total of 24 patients (19 females), mean age (SD) 39.9 (13.9), were identified. Among them, 19 had focal epilepsy, 4 had generalised epilepsy and 1 had unclassified epilepsy. Median number of concomitant AEDs when BRV was started was 3, median number of previously failed AEDs 4.5. Median number of comorbidities 2 (including medical, neurological and psychiatric), 70.8% had mood disorders (depression or bipolar disorder), 16.6% intellectual disabilities with challenging behaviour and 8.3% psychoses. A total of 91.6% had received Levetiracetam (LEV) before and LEV was discontinued because of side effects in 50% of cases (in all cases depression or aggressive behaviour). In 29.1% of cases BRV was switched directly from LEV. Median BRV dose was 125 mg. A total of 33.3% of patients reported side effects. Depression was reported by 8.3%, aggressive behaviour by 12.5%, 8.3% developed acute suicidal ideation. In the subgroup of patients who had previously discontinued LEV because of psychiatric adverse events, 8.3% developed depression and 25% developed aggressive behaviour. A total of 37.5% discontinued BRV, 44.4% because of lack of efficacy, 44.4% because of side effects, 11.1% because of lack of efficacy and side effects. In 37.5% seizure frequency remained unchanged, 37.5% had at least 50% seizure reduction but none of them became seizure free. Conclusion: BRV seems to be better tolerated than LEV in complex patients with psychiatric comorbidities, although there does not seem to be an additional benefit in terms of seizure control. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of perampanel to treat drug resistant sleep seizures$$$ Introduction: Perampanel (PER) is an antiepileptic drug with a novel mechanism of action which involves selective and non competitive blocking of the postsynaptic glutamaergic AMPA receptors. It is taken in one daily dose at bedtime and has been reported to have positive effects over sleep. Purpose: To find out the efficacy and safety of PER to treat drug resistant sleep seizures. Method: Retrospective analysis of patients with drug resistant seizures presenting exclusively during sleep, who were prescribed PER in our institution between 2015 and 2017. Results: One hundred patients were prescribed PER as treatment for drug resistant epilepsy. Among those, we identified 14 patients (8 women, 6 men) who presented seizures exclusively during sleep. Three patients had generalized epilepsy (one IGE and two Dravet syndromes) and 11 had focal epilepsy (4 frontal, 3 temporal, 2 parietooccipital and 2 insular). Mean time with epilepsy was 19.2 years. One patient took PER in monotherapy and the rest as add on therapy to other AEDs (mean number 2.2). 6/14 patients (42.8%) stopped PER because of no effect/seizure worsening (3 patients), adverse events (mainly behavioral, 1) or both (2). In patients who continued PER (8 patients) main time with the drug was 19.5 months. 4 patients have become seizure free (including 1 patient with Dravet syndrome and 2 patients undergoing presurgical evaluation), 3 patients have experienced >50% seizure reduction, and 1 patient has had no change in seizure frequency. Median PER dose was 6 mg. In total, 7/14 patients have benefited significantly from the drug. Adverse effects were reported by 5/14 patients, including behavioral alterations (3 patients), hallucinations (1 patient) and severe somnolence (1 patient). Conclusions: PER may be a useful therapeutic option in patients with drug resistant sleep seizures. Adverse events were similar to the ones encountered in previous trials with the drug. ER  - 
Dissociative identity disorder seems to be quite frequent in female patients treated for psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in epilepsy centers$$$ Purpose: The dissociative identity disorder (DIS) is characterized by presence of at least two distinguishable personality states which alternately take control of a person. It is considered as a posttraumatic stress disorder. Very little is known about frequency and characteristics of DISpatients being diagnosed with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in epilepsy centers. Therefor we studied retrospectively inpatients with PNES with regard to DIS for the last three years. Method: In the context of our comprehensive trauma-therapeutic setting we evaluated the patients with SDQ-20, CTQ and TEC. Dissociative symptoms were recorded with FDS. Additional diagnostics were made with BDI, SCL90- R and SKID. Results: In 4 of 39 female patients with PNES (median age: 43.5 years (18-65)) diagnosis of DIS was confirmed (10.3%). In one patient DIS was highly probable (2.6%). Compared to plain PNES-patients complex traumatisation (80% versus 61.7%), moderate to high-grade depression (60% versus 47.1%), specific phobia (40% versus 11.8%), dissociative movement disorder (60% versus 14.7%), dissociative anaesthesia and sensory loss (20% versus 11.8%), dissociative amnesia (40% versus 0%) and substance abuse in history (20% versus 11.8%) is more often found. 60% showed a mixed dissociative disorder (versus 17.8%). Epileptic seizures were uncommon (20% versus 55.9%). No artificial seizures or learning disability were found (0% versus 8.8% and 32.4%, respectively). Conclusion: DIS-prevalence >10% in our patients is higher than in most general psychiatric patient populations (about 5%). Therefore DIS seems to be quite frequent in PNES-patients treated in epilepsy centers. Due to severity complex traumatization and mixed dissociative disorders, depression, specific phobia and substance abuse in history are found frequently whereas concomitant epilepsy is rare. Normally DIS-patients do not talk about symptoms on their own initiative. Therefor attentive listening during anamnesis, diagnostics and therapy is very important not to miss the diagnosis. ER  - 
Epilepsy in children with neurodevelopmental disorder at a rural hospital in Japan$$$ Purpose: The association between neurodevelopmental disorder and epilepsy has been established. This association is reported to be approximately 20%. We investigated the prevalence of epilepsy in children with neurodevelopmental disorder at a rural hospital in Japan. Method: A retrospective, observational study was conducted that included 240 patients with neurodevelopmental disorder who visited our hospital between April 1, 2017 and September 30, 2017. Neurodevelopmental disorder was clinically diagnosed based on DSM- IV-TR or DSM-5. Results: The mean age of the patients was 7.3 years (range, 2-18 years) and 80.4% were male. They were primarily diagnosed with the following disorders: autism spectrum disorder (75.8%), attention deficit/hyperactivity disorders (49.6%), intellectual disorder (22.9%), and developmental coordination disorder (11.7%). Five patients experienced epilepsy (2.1%), each of whom had severe autism, primitive neuroectodermal tumors after surgery, Angelman syndrome, sequela of influenza encephalitis, and precocious puberty. Four patients with epilepsy had intellectual disorder, and their mean IQ was 42.6 (range, 15-79). The mean age of patients with epilepsy was 11.6 years (range, 5- 18 years). Their mean age of the onset of epilepsy was 3.8 years (range, 1-8 years). The following types of seizures were noted: focal, myoclonic, atonic, and myoclonicatonic. EEG findings revealed localized spikes in all five patients and the prescribed antiepileptic drugs were levetiracetam, carbamazepine, zonisamide, and valproic acid. Four patients were seizure-free with medication. Conclusion: The prevalence of epilepsy in children with neurodevelopmental disorder was 2.1% at a rural hospital in Japan, which is less than that observed in previous studies (Strasser L et al. Dev Med Child Neurol 2018;60:19- 29.). Most patients with epilepsy had other severe diseases. Compared with urban hospitals, the prevalence of epilepsy may be lower because rural hospitals receive numerous children with mild neurodevelopmental disorders. ER  - 
The socio-economic impact of dravet syndrome on patients and their caregivers in germany$$$ Purpose: Frequent seizures in Dravet syndrome (DS), in addition to impaired behavioural and developmental performance can place a significant burden on the patient, family and the healthcare system and society. The objective of this study was to determine the burden of illness associated with DS in children and adults within the German healthcare system. Method: Patients and their caregivers recruited by clinics and the 'Dravet Syndrom' patient advocacy group in Germany completed a retrospective questionnaire on demographic and clinical characteristics, patient and caregiver QoL, and direct (doctors' time, hospital beds, emergency needs, therapy and medicine), indirect (time off work) and out of pocket costs between April-December 2017. Results: Ninety-one patients with DS (1.3-33.7 years old, mean 10.0, median 8.5 years) and their caregivers participated in the survey. Most patients (77%) experienced at least one seizure in the past month and 30% a status epilepticus in the previous 12 months. In addition to seizures, patients had delayed speech development (78%), behavioural problems (72%), attention deficit disorder (80%), disturbance of motor skills and movement coordination (86%), cognitive disorders (66%), muscular hypotension (68%) and muscular spasticity (23%). Most patients (89%) have a severely disabled pass, and 76% require significant (level 1) to extreme (level 3) categories of nursing care (level 1, 23%; level 2, 27%; level 3, 26%). While caregiver EQ-5D scores were comparable to the general adult German population, 23% of caregivers had moderate (14%, BDI-II scores 20-28) or severe depression (9%, BDI-II scores 29-63). Patient seizure burden was the major contributor to direct costs, and other costs (specialist care, therapy for additional symptoms) were substantial. Conclusion: Management of epilepsy symptoms in DS requires substantial healthcare resources and depending on the range and severity of additional symptoms, may require significant to extreme categories of nursing care. ER  - 
Patterns of medication dispensation for multiple comorbidities among older adults in Australia$$$ Background: The increasing burden of chronic (medical) conditions (CCs) is a major issue for healthcare systems across the world. We aimed to examine the changes in the rate of medication dispensation for multiple CCs among Australians aged ≥ 65 years. Methods: A repeated cross-sectional study was performed using the 2013-2016 Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS) data on reimbursed prescriptions for a 10% random sample of the Australian population. Twenty-two CCs were identified via the RxRisk-V tool. The yearly changes in the proportion of older adults dispensed medications for ≥ 2 CCs were determined through Poisson regression modelling using 2013 as the reference year. The occurrence of CC dyads and triads for which medications were dispensed within a 180-day window were characterised, and the observed and expected rate of medication dispensation for each CC dyad or triad were calculated to identify the top 15 combinations. Results: The proportion of older adults dispensed medications for ≥ 2 CCs remained stable from 2013 to 2016, at > 79% in each year. The proportion who were dispensed medications for multiple CCs increased with age. No gender differences in the dispensation of medications for multiple CCs were observed. Over 60% had medications dispensed for ≥ 3 CCs. The most frequent CC dyad and triad for which medications were dispensed were dyslipidaemia + hypertension (38.6%) and dyslipidaemia + gastroesophageal reflux disease + hypertension (18.7%), respectively. For the majority of CC dyads and all triads examined, the observed rate of medication dispensation exceeded that expected by chance. Conclusions: A high proportion of older Australians are dispensed medications for multiple CCs, suggestive of multimorbidity. The results reiterate the need for increased research into understanding the causal mechanisms of multimorbidity to inform the design of cost-effective interventions. ER  - 
Early and long-term electroclinical features of patients with epilepsy and PCDH19 mutation$$$ Aims. Protocadherin 19 (PCDH19) mutations have been identified in epilepsy in females with mental retardation as well as patients with a “Dravet-like” phenotype. We aimed to elucidate the electroclinical phenotype associated with PCDH19 mutation, which is currently difficult to identify at onset leading to a delay in diagnosis. Methods. We retrospectively reviewed clinical and EEG data for 13 consecutive patients with PCDH19 mutations or deletions diagnosed at our centers from 2009 to 2011, and followed these patients into adolescence and adulthood. Results. We identified a specific temporal sequence of electroclinical manifestations, identified as three main stages. During the first two years of life, previously healthy girls presented with clusters of afebrile focal seizures. Early seizures were recorded on video-EEG in 10/13 patients, and were focal (n=8) with temporo-occipital and frontal onset. Three patients with strictly stereotyped focal seizures underwent a pre-surgical work-up. Two patients started with generalized seizures, one presenting with early-onset atypical absences and the other generalized tonic-clonic seizures. During the course of the disease, from two to 10 years, seizures became fever-sensitive and continued to recur in clusters, although these were less frequent. Seizures were mainly described by eyewitnesses as generalized tonic-clonic, even though three of five seizures, recorded on EEG, showed a focal onset with fast bilateral spread. Atypical absences and fever-induced tonic-clonic seizures remained frequent in only one patient until the age of 16 years. No specific treatment or combination appeared to be more effective over another. Various degrees of cognitive or behavioural impairment were reported for all patients, but it was in the second decade that behavioural disturbances prevailed with hetero-aggressiveness and behaviour associated with frontal lobe abnormalities leading to psychosis in two. Conclusions. Early recognition of the above features should improve early diagnosis and long-term management of patients with epilepsy and PCDH19 mutations. ER  - 
The natural history of nodding syndrome$$$ Aims. Nodding syndrome is a poorly understood acquired disorder affecting children in sub-Saharan Africa. The aetiology and pathogenesis are unknown, and no specific treatment is available. Affected children have a distinctive feature (repeated clusters of head nodding) and progressively develop many other features. In an earlier pilot study, we proposed a five-level clinical staging system. The present study aimed to describe the early features and natural history of nodding syndrome and refine the proposed clinical stages. Methods. This was a retrospective study of the progressive development of symptoms and complications of nodding syndrome. Participants were a cohort of patients who had been identified by community health workers and were referred for treatment. A detailed history was obtained to document the chronological development of symptoms before and after onset of head nodding and a physical examination and disability assessment performed by a team of clinicians and therapists. Results. A total of 210 children were recruited. The mean age at the onset of head nodding was 7.5 (SD: 3.0) years. Five overlapping clinical stages were recognised: prodromal, head nodding, convulsive seizures, multiple impairments, and severe disability stages. Clinical features before the onset of head nodding (prodromal features) included periods of staring blankly or being inattentive, complaints of dizziness, excessive sleepiness, lethargy, and general body weakness, all occurring two weeks to 24 months before nodding developed. After the onset of head nodding, patients progressively developed convulsive seizures, cognitive and psychiatric dysfunction, physical deformities, growth arrest, and eventually, in some patients, severe disability. Conclusions. The description of the natural history of nodding syndrome and especially the prodromal features has the potential of providing a means for the early identification of at-risk patients and the prompt initiation of interventions before extensive brain injury develops. The wide spectrum of symptoms and complications emphasises the need for multi-disciplinary investigations and care. ER  - 
Benzodiazepine monotherapy in patients with depression: A national cross-sectional study$$$ INTRODUCTION: Benzodiazepines are linked to increased risk of depressive symptoms, suicide attempts and dependence. Depression guidelines discourage benzodiazepine monotherapy and limit use to short-term adjunctive therapy with antidepressants. However, patients with depression continue to receive benzodiazepine mono-therapy. The prevalence and predictors of this prescribing pattern have not been described previously so that clinicians can characterize the patient population at highest risk. RESEARCH QUESTION OR HYPOTHESIS: What percentage of adults treated for depression are prescribed benzodiazepine mono-therapy and what variables predict this usage pattern? STUDY DESIGN: National cross-sectional analysis of the National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey from 2012-2015. METHODS: All office visits for patients aged >18 treated for depression were included in the analysis. Office visits involving patients with bipolar disorder, schizoaffective disorder, or pregnancy were excluded. The primary endpoint was benzodiazepine monotherapy prescribing rate defined as initiation or continuation of a benzodiaze-pine in the absence of any other antidepressant agent. In order to identify predictors of use, a multivariate logistic regression model was created to identify variables significantly associated with benzodiaze-pine monotherapy. RESULTS: In total, 9,426 unweighted visits were eligible for inclusion, representing more than 192 million weighted visits. Benzodiazepine monotherapy was present in 9.3% of patients treated for depression (95% CI 8.2-10.6%). Predictors of benzodiazepine monotherapy included patients aged 45-64 (OR 1.51; 95% CI 1.03-2.22 compared to patients aged 25-44), epilepsy-related office visit (OR 7.32; 95% CI 1.81-29.58), anxiety-related office visit (OR 1.69; 95% CI 1.17-2.45), underlying pulmonary disease (OR 1.46; 95% CI 1.10-1.96), and concomitant opiate prescribing (OR 2.93; 95% CI 1.94-4.42). Psychiatry specialists were less likely to prescribe benzodiazepine monotherapy (OR 0.40; 95% CI 0.25-0.64 compared to primary care providers). CONCLUSION: Benzodiazepine monotherapy is utilized in nearly 1 in 10 patients treated for depression. Older adults, opiate users, patients seen by primary care providers and those with underlying anxiety, epilepsy or pulmonary disorders are at highest risk. ER  - 
Understanding comorbidities of people with an acquired brain injury to inform treatment decisions$$$ Background and objectives: People with an acquired brain injury (ABI) often experience dual diagnosis and the presence of other disorders, impacting treatment decisions. Comorbidities of people with ABI may have existed pre-injury, be a result of injury, or been a factor in causing injury. It is therefore important to consider the comorbidities of people with ABI to ensure the best rehabilitation outcomes and enable successful reintegration into the community. The objective of this study was to determine the comorbidities of clients with an ABI on admission to a slow-stream, post-acute rehabilitation service. Method: This is a retrospective, observational cohort study of n = 232 participants with an ABI who were admitted to a post-acute rehabilitation service from June 2009 to September 2017. Comorbidity data was collected on admission to the service, stratified by age and analysed using STATA statistical software. Results: Of all clients 64% had one or more comorbidity. Of these, 33% had a mental health disorder (Depression, Anxiety, Bipolar, PTSD and schizophrenia), and 26% a comorbidity of depression. Other main comorbidities were, hypertension (18%), diabetes (14%), epilepsy (9%) and alcohol abuse (8%). Significantly, when stratifying for age, all (100%) of the clients aged 17-29 with a comorbidity (47%) had a mental health comorbidity. This was lower in the older age-groups, ranging from 29-50%. Conclusions: Rehabilitation from an ABI is complex as clients often have comorbidities. It is important for health services to consider these comorbidities in planning treatment and rehabilitation services, particularly formental health disorders and chronic diseases. ER  - 
Eslicarbazepine acetate modulates EEG activity and connectivity in focal epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is an antiepileptic drug approved as monotherapy or add-on for the treatment of epilepsy with seizures of focal onset. ESL owns a good profile in terms of efficacy and tolerability, but its effects on EEG activity and connectivity are unknown. The purpose of this study was to investigate EEG activity and connectivity changes after ESL treatment in persons with focal epilepsy (PFE). Material and Methods: We performed a multicentre, longitudinal, retrospective, quantitative EEG study on a population of 22 PFE, and a group of 40 controls. We investigated the ESL-related changes of EEG power spectral activity and global connectivity [phase locking value (PLV), amplitude envelope correlation (AEC) and amplitude envelope correlation of orthogonalized signals (Ortho-AEC)] for standard frequency bands (delta to gamma). Seizure frequency was evaluated to assess ESL efficacy in our cohort. Results: ESL significantly enhanced both global power spectral density and connectivity for all frequency bands, similarly for all connectivity measures. When compared to the control group, Post-ESL power was significantly higher in theta and gamma band. Pre-ESL connectivity values were significantly lower than control for all frequency bands. Post-ESL connectivity increased and the gap between the two groups was no longer significant. ESL induced a 52.7 ± 41.1% reduction of seizure frequency, with 55% of clinical responders (reduction of seizures ≥50%). Discussion: ESL therapy induces significant enhancement of brain activity and connectivity. Post-ESL connectivity profile of epilepsy patients was similar to the one of healthy controls. ER  - 
Antipsychotic adherence and emergency department utilization among patients with schizophrenia$$$ This retrospective cohort study evaluated the relationship between antipsychotic medication adherence and emergency department (ED) utilization for 7851 Medicaid patients with schizophrenia enrolled in Community Care of North Carolina (CCNC). Claims and pharmacy data from January to December 2015 were collected. Medication adherence was approximated using the medication possession ratio (MPR). Negative binomial regressions estimated the effect of antipsychotic adherence on rates of medical and psychiatric ED visits. The results demonstrated a statistically significant negative relationship between antipsychotic adherence and medical ED utilization. Non- and partially adherent patients (MPR < 0.80) had 1.61 times the rate of medical ED visits as fully adherent patients (MPR ≥ 0.80) (95% CI: 1.50–1.74, p-value < 0.001). The relationship between adherence and psychiatric utilization was small and not statistically significant. The most common diagnostic categories of ED visits were injuries and poisonings (16%), ill-defined symptoms (14%), and musculoskeletal conditions (12%). This study demonstrates a clear association between antipsychotic adherence and medical ED utilization, suggesting an important link between psychiatric management and medical utilization in patients with schizophrenia. ER  - 
Migraine and associated comorbidities are three times more frequent in children with ADHD and their mothers$$$ Objective: Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neuro-developmental disorder related to internalizing and externalizing disorders as well as somatic complaints and disorders. This study was conducted to evaluate the prevalence of headache subtypes, epilepsy, atopic disorders, motion sickness and recurrent abdominal pain among children and adolescents with ADHD and their parents. Methods: In a multi-center, cross-sectional, familial association study using case-control design, treatment naïve children and adolescents between 6 and 18 years of age diagnosed with ADHD according to the DSM-5 criteria as well as age- and gender-matched healthy controls and their parents were evaluated by a neurologist and analyzed accordingly. Results: 117 children and adolescents with ADHD and 111 controls were included. Headache disorder diagnosis was common for both patients and healthy controls (59.0% vs. 37.8%), with a significantly elevated rate in the ADHD group (p = 0.002). Migraine was found in 26.0% of ADHD patients and 9.9% of healthy controls. Tension headache was found in 32.4% of ADHD patients and 27.9% of healthy controls. Headache diagnosis was also found to be significantly more common in mothers of children with ADHD than control group mothers (90.5% vs. 36.6%, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Headache diagnoses and specifically migraines were significantly more common among children with ADHD and their mothers, while recurrent abdominal pain was elevated in both parents and ADHD patients. Migraine is an important part of ADHD comorbidity, not only for children but also for mothers. Motion sickness may be reduced among families of ADHD probands. ER  - 
Epidemiologic shifts for burn injury in Ethiopia from 2001 to 2016: Implications for public health measures$$$ Background: The last generation has seen Ethiopia, a low income country with a population of 100 million people, undergo a marked increase in urbanization and development. The effects of these demographic changes on the epidemiology of burn risk and thermal injury in Ethiopia are unknown. This gap constitutes a major barrier to the creation of effective burn prevention programs. Methods: Yekatit 12 Hospital in Addis Ababa is the only burn unit in Ethiopia. In this cross sectional retrospective study, we identified and reviewed all admissions due to burn injury at that facility between 1/1/2016 and 12/31/2016. We then compared them to a previously published burn cohort treated at the same facility between 7/1/2001 and 9/31/2002. Chi square was used to compare proportions between the two samples. Continuous covariates are reported as descriptive data due to missing variance data in the 2001–02 publication. Results: There were a total of 121 subjects in the 2001–02 sample and 176 subjects in the 2016 sample. The 2016 sample was found to have a significantly larger proportion of males (57%) as compared to the 2001–02 sample (36%) (p = 0.0003) and a significantly higher proportion of electrical injuries (27%) than the previous cohort (5%) (p < 0.0001). No significant differences were seen in mortality rates between the 2016 and 2001–02 cohorts (8% vs 12%, respectively, p = 0.29) or in the regions of origin (44% outside Addis Ababa vs 54%, p = 0.09) For the 2016 sample, the highest surviving Baux score was 76 while the mean Baux score for survivors was 29.6 ± 20.11. Conclusion: As Ethiopia has become more industrialized over the last 15 years, the demographic pattern of burn injury has changed accordingly as electrical injuries have increased five-fold with males now constituting a majority of burn cases. ER  - 
Epileptic auditory illusions as reliable findings in the determination of the lateralization and localization of epileptogenic zone$$$ Aim: The aim of this study was to investigate the types and prevalence of epileptic auditory auras (EAA) in a large population with epilepsy based on a clinical analysis, to analyze the relationship between auditory auras and the hemispheric lateralization/localization of the epileptogenic zone, and to determine whether there is a reliable EAA that could be used for the identification of the localization and lateralization of the epileptogenic zone. Methods: The retrospective study included 1050 patients with a diagnosis of epilepsy, including 854 (81.33%) patients with focal epilepsy and 196 (18.67%) with generalized epilepsy. Medical records of 72 patients with auditory auras were singled out, and 63 of them were included in the study. The auditory auras were classified based on their clinical characteristics, and an analysis was performed to examine the relation of the type of auditory auras with the hemispheric lateralization/localization of the epileptogenic zone. Additionally, further analyses were performed to investigate whether there can be a reliable EAA that could be used for the identification of the localization and lateralization of the epileptogenic zone. Results: Of the 1050 patients with a diagnosis of epilepsy, 63 cases of EAA were included in the study. The prevalence of EAA was 6% in the population with generalized epilepsy and 7.38% in the patients with focal epilepsy. Of the 63 patients, 58 (92.06%) were right-hand-dominant, and 5 (7.94%) were left-hand-dominant. The epileptogenic zone was mostly localized to the temporal lobe (n = 56; 88.89%). In all the 12 patients that had isolated auditory illusion or auditory illusion + elementary or complex auditory hallucinations, the epileptogenic zone was lateralized to the dominant hemisphere and even localized to the temporal lobe of the dominant hemisphere. Significance: The prevalence of EAA in the population with generalized epilepsy can be found higher than expected if a detailed evaluation of the population with generalized epilepsy can be performed, as in specific patient groups. Our results indicated that the epileptogenic zone was lateralized to the dominant hemisphere in all the patients with isolated auditory illusion or auditory illusion + elementary or complex auditory hallucinations, which suggests that auditory illusion can be a reliable tool in the determination of the lateralization and even localization of the epileptogenic zone. ER  - 
Quality of life in drug-resistant epilepsy: relationships with negative affectivity, memory, somatic symptoms and social support$$$ Objective: To investigate the relative contribution of factors non-directly related to seizures such as negative affectivity, social support, somatic symptoms and memory performance on quality of life (QOL) in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study. Seventy patients with drug-resistant epilepsy were consecutively recruited from the inpatient Epilepsy Unit, Hospital Universitario y Politécnico La Fe, between April 2015 and October 2017. Medical history provided demographic characteristics of the patients (sex, age, and educational level), and clinical data (age at epilepsy onset, duration of epilepsy in years, frequency of seizures per month, type of seizures and number of AEDs). Pre-surgical assessment included diagnosis of the type of epilepsy and the lateralization of the epileptogenic area. All the patients underwent a neuropsychological assessment in which QOL (QOLIE-31), negative affectivity, social support, somatic symptoms, and memory were evaluated. Results: Negative affectivity (including anxiety-trait and depression), social support, neurosensory symptoms, and long-term verbal memory were significantly related to QOL composite score (for all, p <.009), subscales of QOL showing different sensitivities to them. Even after controlling for negative affectivity, neurosensory symptoms and long-term verbal memory significantly contribute to QOL composite score (p =.0001). Conclusion: Results suggest that clinical management of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy should consider the treatment of verbal memory impairments at an early stage. Recognition of negative affectivity, poor social support and high somatic symptoms would also lead health professionals to develop different strategies to improve the QOL of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy. ER  - 
Comparison of postictal semiology and behavior in psychogenic nonepileptic and epileptic seizures$$$ Background: The available information on postictal semiology and behavior in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizure (PNES) is limited. In this study, we explore the differences in postictal semiology and behavior between patients with epileptic seizure (ES) and PNES and focus on clinical features that may be helpful in differentiating these two conditions. Methods: In this retrospective study, video-electroencephalograph (video-EEG) of 144 seizures from 64 patients with PNES and 66 seizures from 42 patients with ES were reviewed. Three novel postictal behaviors were compared between the two groups: a) abrupt, brief, and rapid blinking or shaking of the head as if regaining sensorium or “coming out” of the ictal event; b) looking around the room with a scanning and uncertain look; c) posing a question of “what happened?” or a similar question to the others present in the room. In addition, differences in several other postictal characteristics were studied. Results: At least one of the three specific postictal behaviors was seen in 20.1% of patients with PNES but none of the patients with ES resulting in 100% specificity and 36% sensitivity. While mean ictal duration was significantly longer in patients with PNES (175.3 ± 168 s) compared to ES (105.4 ± 102.9 s), the interval between the end of ictal episode and first correct verbal response (74.5 ± 126.2 s versus 139.4 ± 185.4 s), or first followed command (84.1 ± 133.8 s versus 141.1 ± 192.1 s) were shorter. In the group with PNES, 59.7% of patients demonstrated a whispering or altered voice during the first correct verbal response versus 21.2% of patients in the group with ES. The first followed command was slow or erroneous in 49.3% of the patients with PNES and in 19.7% of the patients with ES. Conclusion: In this study, we found significant differences between postictal semiology and behavior of patients with PNES and ES that can be helpful tools in distinguishing between these two conditions. Specifically, three novel postictal behaviors were studied and were found to have a high specificity, but low sensitivity, in distinguishing PNES from ES. ER  - 
Health of parents of individuals with developmental disorders or mental health problems: Impacts of stigma$$$ Objective: Parents of individuals with developmental disorders or mental health problems often provide life-long care and support to their children, which negatively affects their health in part due to chronic stress. This study aimed to examine the experience of stigma as a source of chronic stress among parents of individuals with developmental disorders or mental health problems and the effect of stigma on parental health outcomes. Method: Using data from the Survey of Midlife in the United States (MIDUS 2 and 3), we constructed a sample for a longitudinal analysis including 128 parents of individuals with developmental disorders (e.g., autism, cerebral palsy, epilepsy, Down syndrome, intellectual disabilities, brain injury, ADD/ADHD) or mental health problems (e.g., bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, major depression) and 2256 parents whose children were nondisabled. Results: Parents who had children with developmental disorders or mental health problems prior to the beginning of the study (i.e., at MIDUS 1) reported higher levels of stigma related to embarrassment/shame and daily discrimination than parents of nondisabled individuals ten years later at MIDUS 2, which in turn were associated with poorer parental health outcomes (poorer self-rated health and a greater number of chronic conditions) nearly a decade after that at MIDUS 3. Conclusions: The findings suggest that the stigma associated with parenting a child with disabilities may be one mechanism that places such parents at risk for poor health. Efforts to alleviate the stigma associated with developmental disorders or mental health problems may have beneficial effects on health of parents of individuals with such conditions. ER  - 
Control perceptions in epilepsy: A transcultural case–control study with focus on auras$$$ Objective: General Locus of Control (GLoC) is used to measure the extent to which people perceive life events as results of their own actions or external factors. This study analyzes the relationship between GLoC and people with epilepsy's (PWE) clinical characteristics, levels of anxiety, depression, religiosity/spirituality, and quality of life, with particular attention to possible influences of auras. Methods: A case–control study was carried out with 186 consecutive patients with a definite diagnosis of epilepsy in Brazil and Lithuania. Besides clinical and demographic data, all patients answered to internationally validated scales: Rotter's GLoC, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), Quality of Life in Epilepsy (QOLIE-31), and Index of Core Spiritual Experiences-Revised (INSPIRIT-R). Results: Patient's mean age was 36.15 ± 13.75 years, 61.3% were female, mean age at onset of epilepsy was 17.27 ± 13.59 years, and monthly seizure frequency was 8.22 ± 20.00. People with epilepsy were more depressed than controls, (p = 0.03). Within the group with epilepsy, patients reporting auras and reacting to them had higher levels of depression (p = 0.002) and anxiety (p = 0.004) and lower QOLIE-31 (p = 0.01) score but did not differ in GLoC (p = 0.73) or INSPIRIT-R (p = 0.71). Patients with perceived ability to prevent seizures in response to auras had no increased levels of depression and anxiety. Conclusions: General Locus of Control externalization in PWE was not confirmed. To perceive and be able to react to auras is associated with increased anxiety and depressive symptoms in PWE but not if it results in preventing seizures. No transcultural differences in these parameters were found. ER  - 
Cross-sensitivity of psychiatric and behavioral side effects with antiepileptic drug use$$$ Purpose: To determine rates of cross-sensitivity of intolerable psychiatric and behavioral side effects (IPBSEs) among commonly used antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in adult patients with epilepsy. Methods: IPBSE was defined as a psychiatric or behavioral side effect attributed to AED use that led to a decrease in dose or cessation of an AED. Cross-sensitivity was calculated and was defined as the likelihood of developing IPBSE to a specific AED given IPBSE to another AED. Our sample consisted of 2312 adult patients that were prescribed 2 or more AEDs. Non-AED confounders and were controlled for in all analyses. Results: Among the 2312 patients, 20.2% of patients who had taken at least 2 AEDs had IPBSE(s) attributed to at least one AED; 3.5% had IPBSE to two or more AEDs. History of treated depression and psychosis were found to be significant predictors (p < 0.001) of developing IPBSE and were controlled for in all AED-specific analyses. Cross-sensitivity was seen between LEV and ZNS (p < 0.001). There was a significant increase in odds of experiencing IPBSE to LEV (41.5%; OR = 2.7; p < 0.001) or ZNS (22.1%; OR = 3.5; p < 0.001) given a patient had IPBSE to another AED compared to having no IPBSE to other AEDs (20.5% and 7.5%, respectively). Conclusion: History of depression and psychosis increased risk of developing IPBSE to AEDs. The probability of experiencing IPBSE increased for a patient taking LEV or ZNS if the patient experienced IPBSE to another AED. Our results may be clinically useful for predicting IPBSE associated with certain AEDs. ER  - 
Abuse potential assessment of cannabidiol (CBD) in recreational polydrug users: A randomized, double-blind, controlled trial$$$ Rationale: Treatment with a highly purified oral solution of cannabidiol (CBD), derived from the plant Cannabis sativa L., demonstrated some evidence of central nervous system (CNS)-related adverse events in patients enrolled in phase 3 trials for treatment of childhood-onset epilepsy. Cannabidiol was categorized as a Schedule 1 substance by the United States Drug Enforcement Administration; therefore, it was important to test CBD for human abuse potential. Methods: This was a single-dose, randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, placebo- and active-controlled crossover trial. The abuse potential of single oral doses of plant-derived pharmaceutical formulations of highly purified CBD (Epidiolex®; 750 mg, 1500 mg, and 4500 mg) was compared with that of single oral doses of alprazolam (2 mg), dronabinol (10 mg and 30 mg), and placebo in healthy recreational polydrug users. The primary endpoint to assess abuse potential was the maximum effect (Emax) on Drug-Liking visual analog scale (VAS). Other measurements included Emax on Overall Drug-Liking VAS, Take Drug Again VAS, positive and negative effects, other subjective effects, and Drug Similarity VAS. Cognitive and psychomotor functions were assessed using the Divided Attention Test, the Hopkins Verbal Learning Test—Revised, and the Digit–Symbol Substitution Task. Pharmacokinetic parameters were determined for CBD and its major metabolites. Standard safety measures and adverse events were assessed. Principal results: Of 95 eligible subjects, 43 qualified for the treatment phase, received at least 1 dose of investigational medicinal product, and were included in safety assessments; 35 subjects were included in the pharmacodynamic analysis. Subjects receiving alprazolam and dronabinol had significantly higher Drug-Liking Emax (P < 0.0001) compared with those receiving placebo, confirming study validity. Compared with placebo, Drug-Liking was not significantly different for subjects taking 750-mg CBD (P = 0.51). Drug-Liking Emax values for 1500-mg and 4500-mg CBD were significantly different from placebo (P = 0.04 and 0.002, respectively); however, the mean differences were < 10 points on VAS compared with > 18-point differences between positive controls and placebo. Alprazolam and dronabinol had significantly higher Drug-Liking, Overall-Liking, and Take Drug Again VAS Emax values compared with all doses of CBD (P ≤ 0.004). In contrast to alprazolam, CBD administration had no observable effect on cognitive/psychomotor tests. Pharmacokinetic parameters for CBD in this trial were consistent with previous studies. The majority of adverse events reported during the trial were of mild or moderate severity; no serious adverse events or deaths were reported. Conclusion: Administration of a therapeutic dose of CBD (750 mg) showed significantly low abuse potential in a highly sensitive population of polydrug users. Although high and supratherapeutic doses of CBD (1500 mg and 4500 mg, respectively) had detectable subjective effects compared with placebo; the effects were significantly lower than those observed with alprazolam and dronabinol. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, multicenter trial comparing the efficacy and safety of extended- and immediate-release levetiracetam in people with partial epilepsy$$$ Purpose: The aim of this trial was to compare the efficacy and safety of two formulations of levetiracetam in people with partial epilepsy over a 12-week treatment period. Methods: We performed a randomized, paralleled, and multicenter trial that consisted of a 4-week single-blind placebo run-in, followed by a 12-week double-blind, double-dummy treatment phase to compare the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam extended-release (LEV-ER) and immediate-release (LEV-IR) tablets as an adjunctive treatment in adult patients with uncontrolled epilepsy. Results: The median partial-onset seizure (POS) frequency per week (min-max) was 0.3 (0.0, 17.4; 95% confidence interval [95% CI] 1.3, 4.8) in the LEV-ER group and 0.3 (0.0, 31.4; 95% CI − 0.1, 4.3) in the LEV-IR group. No serious adverse events occurred during the trial period. Both groups had the same responder rate (58.6%), while a higher rate of seizure freedom over the treatment period was noted in the LEV-ER group compared with the LEV-IR group (27.6% vs. 13.8%, respectively). The European Quality of Life–5 Dimensions scores significantly increased in the LEV-ER–treated group, in contrast to the scores in the LEV-IR group, which decreased (7.2 vs. − 1.5, p = 0.03). Conclusion: These results suggest that LEV-ER is equivalent to LEV-IR in reducing the frequency of POS and has a similar tolerability as LEV-IR as an add-on therapy. In addition, LEV-ER treatment improved the health-related quality of life of people with uncontrolled partial epilepsy. ER  - 
Can home videos made on smartphones complement video-EEG in diagnosing psychogenic nonepileptic seizures?$$$ Purpose: To assess the contribution home-videos made on mobile phones can make to the diagnosis of Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures (PNES). Methods: Consecutive patients 10–50 years old, with episodes of altered behavior or abnormal movements, unresponsiveness, or falls, were recruited after they had obtained ‘good’ or ‘fair’ quality (quality of video scale (QOV)) home-videos of their episodes on personal mobile phones; these subjects underwent video-electroencephalography (VEEG). Diagnoses of PNES, other physiological events or epileptic seizure (ES) on home-videos (by the epilepsy fellow, step 1) and on VEEGs (by a fully trained epileptologist unaware of the home-video recording, step 2) were compared. Results: We screened 783 patients, and finally analyzed 269; 155 subjects had `fair’ (QOV 5–7) and 114 had ‘good’(QOV 8–10) quality home-videos. Concordance between steps 1 and 2 was seen in 261 of 269 (97.2%) subjects, and no significant difference was noted between the two modalities in diagnosing PNES. Differentiation between PNES, ES and other physiological events using home-videos was correct in 49.1% subjects if 532 (all subjects asked to make home-videos) and 70.7% if 369 (subjects with ‘good’ or ‘fair’ home videos), were used as denominators. Home-videos diagnosed PNES with the sensitivity of 95.4% (95% CI: 87.2%–99.1%), specificity of 97.5% (95% CI: 94.3%–99.2%), positive and negative predictive values of 92.65% (95% CI: 84.1%–96.8%) and 98.5% (95% CI: 95.6%–99.5%) respectively. Conclusion: Home-videos of good quality can complement VEEG in diagnosing PNES in a cost-effective way and help initiate appropriate management. ER  - 
Factors contributing to anxiety and depressive symptoms in adults with new-onset epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We investigated factors contributing to anxiety and depressive symptoms over a 1-year period in Korean adults with new-onset epilepsy. Methods: This longitudinal multicenter study included adults diagnosed with epilepsy within 12 months of a first seizure. Using stepwise regression analyses, we determined whether Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS) scores could be predicted by demographic, clinical, and psychosocial variables at baseline and at 12 months. Results: Of 141 patients included at baseline, 63 (44.7%) and 60 (42.6%) had Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale-Anxiety (HADS-A) and Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale-Depression (HADS-D) scores > 7, respectively. Of 98 patients who completed the 12-month study, the corresponding figures decreased to 32.7% and 36.7%, respectively. Higher HADS-A scores both at baseline and 12 months were predicted by higher neuroticism, stigma, and lower self-esteem (p < 0.05). Higher HADS-D scores at baseline were predicted by higher neuroticism, lower self-esteem, marital status, and lower extroversion (p < 0.05) whereas those at 12 months were predicted by self-esteem, seizure recurrence, and age at epilepsy onset (p < 0.05). Neuroticism or self-esteem was the strongest predictor of psychological distress. Conclusions: Anxiety and depressive symptoms are common at the time of diagnosis in Korean adults with new-onset epilepsy. While these decrease over time, they remained high 12 months after epilepsy diagnosis. Psychological factors, particularly neuroticism and self-esteem, may be the most important risk factors. Epilepsy variables, such as seizure recurrence and age at onset, may also be important factors for depressed mood at 12 months. ER  - 
Does memantine improve memory in subjects with focal-onset epilepsy and memory dysfunction? A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: Excitotoxic injury involving N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor hyperactivity contributes to epilepsy-related memory dysfunction (ERMD). Current treatment strategies for ERMD have limited efficacy and fail to target the underlying pathophysiology. The present pilot study evaluated the efficacy of memantine, an NMDA receptor antagonist, for the treatment of ERMD in adults with focal-onset seizures. Methods: Subjects underwent cognitive testing at baseline, after a 13-week randomized, parallel-group, double-blinded phase (of memantine titrated to 10 mg bid or placebo), and following a 13-week open-label extension phase (of memantine titrated to 10 mg bid). The selective reminding test (SRT) continuous long-term retrieval (CLTR) score and 7/24 Spatial Recall Test learning score served as the primary outcome measures. Secondary measures included tests of attention span, fluency, visual construction, and response inhibition, as well as assessments of quality of life, depression, sleepiness, and side effects. Results: Seventeen subjects contributed data to the blinded phase (n = 8 memantine, n = 9 placebo). No significant differences were seen between groups on the primary or secondary outcome measures. Pooled data at the end of the open-label phase from 10 subjects (initially randomized to memantine n = 3 or placebo n = 7) demonstrated statistically significant improvement from baseline in CLTR score, memory-related quality of life, spatial span, and response inhibition. No significant changes were evident in depression, sleepiness, side effects, or seizure frequency throughout the trial. Significance: Results demonstrated no significant effect of memantine on cognition when assessed at the end of the blinded period. Pooled data at the end of the open-label phase showed significant improvement over baseline performance in measures of verbal memory, frontal-executive function, and memory-related quality of life. These improvements, however, may be due to practice effects and should be interpreted cautiously. Findings suggest a favorable safety profile of memantine in the setting of epilepsy. ER  - 
Effect of ethnicity on clinical presentation and risk of antiphospholipid syndrome in Roma and Caucasian patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: a multicenter cross-sectional study$$$ Aim: To determine if there are ethnic differences in the prevalence of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), clinical presentation and autoantibody profile between Roma and Caucasian patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Method: A cross-sectional study was conducted including data from Roma and Caucasian SLE patients consecutively attending six hospitals in Spain. Socio-demographic characteristics, prevalence of APS, clinical and analytical features of SLE and APS were compared between ethnic groups. Results: Data from 52 Roma and 98 Caucasian SLE patients were included. Roma SLE patients had a higher risk (odds ratio 2.56, 95% CI 1.02–6.39) and prevalence of APS (28.8% vs. 13.3%, P = 0.027). Furthermore, Roma SLE patients had a statistically significant higher prevalence of abortions (23.5% vs. 10.2%, P = 0.049). In relation to other APS diagnostic criteria, Roma SLE patients had a non-statistically significant higher prevalence of fetal deaths (14.3% vs. 5.1%, P = 0.106) and thrombotic events (21.1% vs. 12.2%, P = 0.160). In relation to SLE clinical features, Roma patients had a significantly higher prevalence of arthritis (75% vs. 57.1%, P = 0.034) and non-significant higher prevalence of serositis (44.2% vs. 29.6%, P = 0.104), discoid lesions (11.5% vs. 5.1%, P = 0.191), oral ulcers (46.1% vs. 34.7%, P = 0.218) and livedo reticularis (21.1% vs. 15.3%, P = 0.374). No statistically significant differences were found in the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics Damage Index or the autoimmune serological profile. Conclusion: Prevalence and risk of APS were significantly higher in Roma SLE patients. Furthermore, Roma patients had a significantly higher prevalence of abortions and a non-significant higher prevalence of fetal deaths and thrombotic events. ER  - 
Ultra-rapid BioChaperone Lispro improves postprandial blood glucose excursions vs insulin lispro in a 14-day crossover treatment study in people with type 1 diabetes$$$ Aim: To investigate the safety and efficacy of BioChaperone Lispo (BCLIS), an ultra-rapid formulation of insulin lispro (LIS) in people with type 1 diabetes. Materials and Methods: In this randomized, double-blind study, participants self-administered individualized bolus doses of BCLIS or LIS during two 14-day periods in a crossover fashion. Postprandial blood glucose (BG) was assessed after individualized solid mixed meal tests (MMTs) (50% carbohydrate, 29% fat, 21% protein), with additional randomization for the sequence of timing of insulin administration, immediately (t0), 15 minutes before (t − 15) and 15 minutes after (t + 15) meal start on days 1, 2 and 3, and with t0 administration on day 14. Pharmacokinetic (PK) variables were assessed for t0 MMTs. Participants also used individualized BCLIS or LIS doses immediately before meals during two 10-day outpatient periods with an unchanged basal insulin regimen. Results: Overall, 35 participants completed both treatment periods. In MMTs with t0 administration, the higher early postprandial PK exposure of BCLIS led to significant reductions in 1- to 2-hour postprandial BG excursions by 30% to 40% vs LIS and the accelerated absorption and action of BCLIS persisted over 14 days. There was no difference in glucose excursion over the full 360-minute postprandial period. Postprandial BG control was similar between BCLIS injected at t + 15 and LIS injected at t0. BCLIS was shown to have safety and tolerability similar to LIS. No injection site reactions occurred with BCLIS. Conclusions: BCLIS was well tolerated and safe over 14 days of treatment and significantly improved postprandial BG vs LIS when administered at mealtime. ER  - 
FDA Supplemental Approval: Blinatumomab for Treatment of Relapsed and Refractory Precursor B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia$$$ On July 11, 2017, the Food and Drug Administration granted approval for blinatumomab for the treatment of relapsed or refractory (R/R) precursor B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Blinatumomab is a bispecific CD19-directed CD3 T-cell engager. The basis for the approval included results from two clinical trials, TOWER and ALCANTARA. TOWER, a randomized trial comparing overall survival in patients with Philadelphia chromosome (Ph)-negative R/R ALL receiving blinatumomab versus standard-of-care (SOC) chemotherapy, demonstrated a hazard ratio of 0.71 favoring blinatumomab (p =.012; median survival, 7.7 months with blinatumomab and 4.0 months with SOC chemotherapy). Complete remission (CR) rates were 34% for patients receiving blinatumomab and 16% for those receiving SOC. Adverse events were consistent with those observed in prior trials, with cytokine release syndrome and some neurologic events, including tremor, encephalopathy, peripheral neuropathy, and depression, observed more frequently in the blinatumomab arm, whereas neutropenia and infection were less common among patients receiving blinatumomab. Depression emerged as a rare but potentially severe neurologic event associated with blinatumomab. In ALCANTARA, a single-arm trial of blinatumomab in patients with Ph-positive R/R ALL, the CR rate was 31%, and adverse events were similar to those observed previously in Ph-negative R/R ALL. These results support conversion from accelerated to regular approval of blinatumomab for R/R ALL and broadening of the intended population to include both Ph-positive and Ph-negative precursor B-cell R/R ALL. Implications for Practice: In TOWER, a randomized trial in patients with relapsed or refractory Philadelphia chromosome (Ph)-negative precursor B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), treatment with blinatumomab showed superiority over conventional chemotherapy for complete remission (CR) rate (34% vs. 16%) and survival (3.7-month improvement in median; hazard ratio, 0.71). In ALCANTARA, a single-arm trial of blinatumomab for treatment of relapsed or refractory Ph-positive precursor B-cell ALL, the CR rate was 31%. Blinatumomab is now approved for treatment of relapsed or refractory precursor B-cell ALL that is Ph positive or Ph negative. ER  - 
Population health status based on the EQ-5D-Y-3L among adolescents in Sweden: Results by sociodemographic factors and self-reported comorbidity$$$ Purpose: The EQ-5D-Y-3L is a generic health-related quality of life (HRQoL) measure developed for youth from 8 years old. The aim of this study is to present population health status, based on the EQ-5D-Y-3L, among adolescents in Sweden, by sex, age, self-reported comorbidity and parents’ occupational status. Methods: Data were obtained from a cross-sectional total survey among students, aged 13–18 years, in a Swedish County year 2014. The survey included EQ-5D-Y-3L, questions regarding self-reported health, disease, functional impairment and mental distress. Parents’ occupational status was used as a proxy for socio-economic status. Results: A total of 6574 participants answered all the EQ-5D-Y-3L dimensions (mean age was 15.9 years, same proportion of boys and girls). Girls reported more problems than boys in the dimensions ‘doing usual activities’, ‘having pain or discomfort’ and ‘feeling worried, sad or unhappy’, and lower mean VAS score. Respondents with one or both parents unemployed reported more problems with usual activities, pain/discomfort and in the mood dimension than those with both parents employed. Those with comorbidity had in general more problems in all dimensions and lower mean VAS score. The highest impact on VAS score was found for adolescents who reported that they always felt depressed. Conclusions: Sex, age, self-reported comorbidity and parents’ occupational status were associated with HRQoL determined by the EQ-5D-Y-3L in the general population of adolescents. The ability of EQ-5D-Y-3L to distinguish adolescents’ health status based on these factors confirms the instrument’s usefulness in assessment of HRQoL and as guidance for prioritization. ER  - 
Periventricular nodular heterotopia in 22q11.2 deletion and frontal lobe migration$$$ Objective: We aimed to delineate the distribution of periventricular nodular heterotopia (PNH) in patients with 22q11.2 microdeletion syndrome (22q11.2DS) and place this in the context of other genetic forms of PNH. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed brain imaging and postmortem data available for adult patients with 22q11.2DS. We included only those with good quality MRI data (n = 29) in addition to two patients with PNH identified through postmortem studies. We also reviewed the pattern of PNH in all genetic conditions reported with this phenotype. Results: Of the total seven patients (M = 4, F = 3; age: 19–61 years) identified to have PNH, six had a history of seizures, six had schizophrenia, six had variable levels of intellectual disability, and two had obsessive compulsive disorder. In all seven patients, the nodules were located over the dorsal pole of the frontal horn of the lateral ventricles. The nodules were small, noncontiguous, and ranged in number from 1 to 10 per individual. Our review identified 37 genetic conditions associated with PNH. With the cases reported here, 22q11.2DS becomes the fifth most commonly reported genetic condition, and the third most common copy number variation, associated with PNH. Interpretation: The neuropsychiatric manifestations in our patients with PNH support other data indicating abnormal neurodevelopment as part of the pathogenesis of 22q11.2DS.The location and cellular characteristics of PNH in 22q11.2DS overlaps with a group of migrating postnatal interneurons termed Arc cells, although more research is needed to confirm that PNH in 22q11.2DS represents Arc cells arrested in their migratory pathway. ER  - 
Prevalence of Parent-Reported Traumatic Brain Injury in Children and Associated Health Conditions$$$ Importance: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) in children results in a high number of emergency department visits and risk for long-term adverse effects. Objectives: To estimate lifetime prevalence of TBI in a nationally representative sample of US children and describe the association between TBI and other childhood health conditions. Design, Setting, and Participants: Data were analyzed from the 2011-2012 National Survey of Children's Health, a cross-sectional telephone survey of US households with a response rate of 23%. Traumatic brain injury prevalence estimates were stratified by sociodemographic characteristics. The likelihood of reporting specific health conditions was compared between children with and without TBI. Age-adjusted prevalence estimates were computed for each state. Associations between TBI prevalence, insurance type, and parent rating of insurance adequacy were examined. Data analysis was conducted from February 1, 2016, through November 1, 2017. Main Outcomes and Measures: Lifetime estimate of TBI in children, associated childhood health conditions, and parent report of health insurance type and adequacy. Results: The lifetime estimate of parent-reported TBI among children was 2.5% (95% CI, 2.3%-2.7%), representing over 1.8 million children nationally. Children with a lifetime history of TBI were more likely to have a variety of health conditions compared with those without a TBI history. Those with the highest prevalence included learning disorders (21.4%; 95% CI, 18.1%-25.2%); attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (20.5%; 95% CI, 17.4%-24.0%); speech/language problems (18.6%; 95% CI, 15.8%-21.7%); developmental delay (15.3%; 95% CI, 12.9%-18.1%); bone, joint, or muscle problems (14.2%; 95% CI, 11.6%-17.2%); and anxiety problems (13.2%; 95% CI, 11.0%-16.0%). States with a higher prevalence of childhood TBI were more likely to have a higher proportion of children with private health insurance and higher parent report of adequate insurance. Examples of states with higher prevalence of TBI and higher proportion of private insurance included Maine, Vermont, Pennsylvania, Washington, Montana, Wyoming North Dakota, South Dakota, and Colorado. Conclusions and Relevance: A large number of US children have experienced a TBI during childhood. Higher TBI prevalence in states with greater levels of private insurance and insurance adequacy may suggest an underrecognition of TBI among children with less access to care. For more comprehensive monitoring, health care professionals should be aware of the increased risk of associated health conditions among children with TBI.. ER  - 
Appraisal of oral hygiene status amongst subjects with suicidal leanings-a pilot study$$$ Introduction: Suicide is an alarming social problem affecting the society at large causing a high mortality rate especially in the younger generation. Suicide is one of the top three causes of death among youth worldwide. Aim: The aim of the study was to draw a correlation between an alteration in one’s oral hygiene regimen and an innate suicidal tendency in an individual. Materials and Methods: This double blind cross-sectional study was conducted in a suicide prevention centre, a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO) at Chennai. A total of 78 subjects (age 22-50 years) participated in the study. They were divided into two groups-Group A and Group B. Participants in Group A had attempted suicide at least once in the past one year. Participants in Group B had only threatened to commit suicide. Both Group A and B participants were attending counseling sessions at the centre. In addition to this, the Group A participants were also undergoing psychiatric therapy and taking anti-psychotic medications. Oral examination was done using a mouth mirror, probe and explorer. A printed questionnaire was also circulated to collect patient’s information like tooth brushing habits, smoking and their employment status. The statistical analysis was done using chi-square tests. Results: The participants in Group A had poorer oral hygiene index scores and clinical attachment loss scores than those in Group B. There was also a statistically significant association between the frequency of changing a tooth brush in Group A and Group B. The socioeconomic status of participants in Group A and Group B also showed a statistical significance. Based on the above findings it was found in this pilot study that there was a correlation in oral hygiene status and suicidal tendencies. Conclusion: The oral hygiene levels in the participants who had attempted suicide were poorer than that of the participants who had not actually attempted suicide. ER  - 
A retrospective multicenter evaluation of clozapine use in pediatric patients admitted for acute psychiatric hospitalization$$$ Objectives: Clozapine is the drug of choice for treatment-resistant schizophrenia. While pediatric clozapine use is not contraindicated, the literature describing its clinical application is limited. The primary objective of this study was to assess the use of clozapine in a child and adolescent population by characterizing the documented safety and clinical benefits of the medication. Methods: A multicenter retrospective study at sites in the United States and Australia included children and adolescents admitted to a psychiatric unit who were administered at least one dose of clozapine. Information related to demographics, patient history, past treatments, clozapine, and adverse events was collected. Results: Eighty-two patients from eight sites were included in this study. Patients were predominantly clozapine naive (76.8%), and most had a discharge diagnosis of a primary psychotic disorder (61%) or bipolar disorder (25.6%). Four clozapine discontinuations occurred during hospitalization due to severe neutropenia, ileus, need for diagnostic clarification, and significant psychomotor retardation. The remainder (n = 78) were discharged on a mean clozapine dose of 218.1 ± 142.2 mg. Sedation (26.8%) and sialorrhea (17.1%) were the most common documented adverse events. The mean number of previously trialed antipsychotics before clozapine was 3.5 ± 1.4 (range 1-10). Improvement with clozapine was documented as significant (31.7%), moderate (32.9%), minimal (12.2%), no improvement (2.4%), and not described (20.7%). Conclusions: In this cohort, 95% of pediatric patients admitted with or started on clozapine during an acute psychiatric hospitalization were discharged on the medication. The high incidence of adverse events should reinforce to clinicians the need for vigilant monitoring. Pediatric guidelines recommend clozapine for refractory schizophrenia but stress the critical need to ensure an accurate diagnosis. Limited data exist for the use of clozapine in pediatric patients with other diagnoses. ER  - 
Safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of long-acting injectable cabotegravir in low-risk HIV-uninfected individuals: HPTN 077, a phase 2a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Cabotegravir (CAB) is a novel strand-transfer integrase inhibitor being developed for HIV treatment and prevention. CAB is formulated both as an immediate-release oral tablet for daily administration and as a long-acting injectable suspension (long-acting CAB [CAB LA]) for intramuscular (IM) administration, which delivers prolonged plasma exposure to the drug after IM injection. HIV Prevention Trials Network study 077 (HPTN 077) evaluated the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of CAB LA in HIV-uninfected males and females at 8 sites in Brazil, Malawi, South Africa, and the United States. Methods and findings: HPTN 077 was a double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2a trial. Healthy individuals age 18–65 years at low HIV risk were randomized (3:1) to receive CAB or placebo (PBO). In the initial oral phase, participants received 1 daily oral tablet (CAB or PBO) for 4 weeks. Those without safety concerns in the oral phase continued and received injections in the injection phase (Cohort 1: 3 injections of CAB LA 800 mg or 0.9% saline as PBO IM every 12 weeks for 3 injection cycles; Cohort 2: CAB LA 600 mg or PBO IM for 5 injection cycles; the first 2 injections in Cohort 2 were separated by 4 weeks, the rest by 8 weeks). The primary analysis included weeks 5 to 41 of study participation, encompassing the injection phase. The cohorts were enrolled sequentially. Primary outcomes were safety and tolerability. Secondary outcomes included pharmacokinetics and events occurring during the oral and injection phases. Between February 9, 2015, and May 27, 2016, the study screened 443 individuals and enrolled 110 participants in Cohort 1 and 89 eligible participants in Cohort 2. Participant population characteristics were as follows: 66% female at birth; median age 31 years; 27% non-Hispanic white, 41% non-Hispanic black, 24% Hispanic/Latino, 3% Asian, and 6% mixed/other; and 6 transgender men and 1 transgender woman. Twenty-two (11%) participants discontinued the oral study product; 6 of these were for clinical or laboratory adverse events (AEs). Of those who received at least 1 CAB LA injection, 80% of Cohort 1 and 92% of Cohort 2 participants completed all injections; injection course completion rates were not different from those in the PBO arm. Injection site reactions (ISRs) were common (92% of Cohort 1 and 88% of Cohort 2 participants who received CAB LA reported any ISR). ISRs were mostly Grade 1 (mild) to Grade 2 (moderate), and 1 ISR event (Cohort 1) led to product discontinuation. Grade 2 or higher ISRs were the only AEs reported more commonly among CAB LA recipients than PBO recipients. Two Grade 3 (severe) ISRs occurred in CAB recipients, 1 in each cohort, but did not lead to product discontinuation in either case. Seven incident sexually transmitted infections were diagnosed in 6 participants. One HIV infection occurred in a participant 48 weeks after last injection of CAB LA: CAB was not detectable in plasma both at the time of first reactive HIV test and at the study visit 12 weeks prior to the first reactive test. Participants in Cohort 2 (unlike Cohort 1) consistently met prespecified pharmacokinetic targets of at least 95% of participants maintaining CAB trough concentrations above PA-IC90, and 80% maintaining trough concentrations above 4× PA-IC90. Study limitations include a modest sample size, a short course of injections, and a low-risk study population. Conclusions: In this study, CAB LA was well tolerated at the doses and dosing intervals used. ISRs were common, but infrequently led to product discontinuation. CAB LA 600 mg every 8 weeks met pharmacokinetic targets for both male and female study participants. The safety and pharmacokinetic results observed support the further development of CAB LA, and efficacy studies of CAB LA for HIV treatment and prevention are in progress. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Registry: ClinicalTrials.gov Trial number: NCT02178800. ER  - 
The long-term disease burden of meningioma patients: results on health-related quality of life, cognitive function, anxiety and depression$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous studies reported that meningioma patients have impaired health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and cognitive function up to 5 years after intervention. We aimed to assess the long-term disease burden of meningioma patients. METHODS: In this multicenter cross-sectional study, intracranial meningioma patients at a median of 9.9 years after anti-tumor therapy were included. HRQoL was meas-ured with the SF-36 and EORTC QLQ-BN20, anxiety and depression with the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (11/21 points is indicative for probable anxiety or depression), and objective cognitive functioning on six domains (z-score<-1.5 is defined as a clinically relevant deficit). Generalized linear models were used to compare meningioma patients with healthy controls, corrected for age, sex, educational level and comorbidities, and one-sample t-tests to compare meningioma patients with data of newly diagnosed glioblastoma. Patient recruitment and data collection is still in progress. RESULTS: 164 meningioma patients were included (mean age:63.9 years, WHO grade I:91.7%, surgery:89.2%, radiotherapy:14.6%). Compared with 110 controls, meningioma patients had worse HRQoL scores on 4/10 SF-36 scales/ component scores: role limitations due to physical problems and emotional problems, social functioning, and the mental component score (range mean difference: 4.4-13.8, all p<0.05). Meningioma patients scored similar to glioblastoma on 5/11 EORTC QLQ-BN20 items/scale (visual deficits, headache, seizure, drowsiness, and hair loss; range difference: 1.6-3.7, all p>0.05), and better on all other items/scales. More patients suffered from probable anxiety (14.3%) and depression (7.5%) than controls (anxiety: 3.7%, p=0.015; depression: 7.5%, p=0.011). Clinically relevant cognitive deficits were found in executive function (10.9%), verbal memory (19.4%), working memory (13.4%), attention (10.3%), information processing (25.0%) and psychomotor speed (14.4%). CONCLUSION: Almost 10 years after the last anti-tumor treatment, meningioma disease burden is still significant. A considerable number of patients have impaired HRQoL, suffer from cognitive deficits and report high levels of anxiety and depression. ER  - 
Prediagnostic presentations of glioma in primary care: A case-control study$$$ BACKGROUND: Little is known about symptoms and signs of glioma patients in the year(s) before diagnosis. This study aimed to assess the prevalence of clinical symptoms glioma patients may present with to the general practitioner (GP) in the five years prior to diagnosis, and whether these can be distinguished from patients with (1) other central nervous system (CNS) disorders or (2) any other condition. METHODS: Glioma patients were matched to controls based on age, sex and diagnosis date, using anonymized GP registries. Prevalences of nine prediagnostic symptoms (seizures, headaches, motor impairments, cognitive/mental impairments, visual disorders, mood disorders/fear, general symptoms, sensory complaints and metabolic/endocrine symptoms) were evaluated in the five years prior to diagnosis, and divided into three time periods: 60-24 months, 24-6 months and <6 months. RESULT: Thirty-six glioma patients were matched with 72 control patients. In total, 2491 (range 0-102) visits to the GP were analyzed. There were no significant differences between groups in the number of visits over 5 years (711 versus 989 versus 791 in glioma, CNS and other patients respectively; p=0.381), or in each of the three time periods (data not shown). The prevalence of motor symptoms in the period 60-24 months was significantly higher in the CNS patients as opposed to the other groups (4 versus 0 in both groups; both p=0.039). Moreover, <6 months prior to diagnosis CNS patients differed significantly in mood disorders/fear compared to other controls (8 versus 0, p=0.012), but not glioma patients versus CNS patients (5 versus 8, p=0.816) or glioma versus other patients (p=0.221). CONCLUSION: In this sample, glioma patients could not be distinguished from CNS or 'other' control patients with respect to the number of GP visits before diagnosis or prediagnostic symptoms. Nevertheless, when mood disorders occur, all CNS disorders should be considered by the GP, including glioma. ER  - 
Registration, results reporting, and publication bias of clinical trials supporting FDA approval of neuropsychiatric drugs before and after FDAAA: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Mandatory trial registration, and later results reporting, were proposed to mitigate selective clinical trial publication and outcome reporting. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Amendments Act (FDAAA) was enacted by Congress on September 27, 2007, requiring the registration of all non-phase I clinical trials involving FDA-regulated medical interventions and results reporting for approved drugs. The association between FDAAA enactment and the registration, results reporting, and publication bias of neuropsychiatric trials has not been studied. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of all efficacy trials supporting FDA new drug approvals between 2005 to 2014 for neuropsychiatric indications. Trials were categorized as pre- or post-FDAAA based on initiation and/or completion dates. The main outcomes were the proportions of trials registered and reporting results in ClinicalTrials.gov, and the degree of publication bias, estimated using the relative risks pre- and post-FDAAA of both the publication of positive vs non-positive trials, as well as of publication of positive vs non-positive trials without misleading interpretations. Registration and results reporting proportions were compared pre- and post-FDAAA using the two-tailed Fisher exact test, and the degrees of publication bias were compared by calculating the ratio of relative risks (RRR) for each period. Results: The FDA approved 37 new drugs for neuropsychiatric indications between 2005 and 2014 on the basis of 142 efficacy trials, of which 101 were pre-FDAAA and 41 post-FDAAA. Post-FDAAA trials were significantly more likely to be registered (100% vs 64%; p < 0.001) and report results (100% vs 10%; p < 0.001) than pre-FDAAA trials. Pre-FDAAA, positive trials were more likely to be published (relative risk [RR] = 1.52; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.17-1.99; p = 0.002) and published without misleading interpretations (RR = 2.47; CI = 1.57-3.73; p < 0.001) than those with non-positive results. In contrast, post-FDAAA positive trials were equally likely to have been published (RR = 1; CI = 1-1, p = NA) and published without misleading interpretations (RR = 1.20; CI = 0.84-1.72; p = 0.30). The likelihood of publication bias pre-FDAAA vs post-FDAAA was greater for positive vs non-positive trials (RRR = 1.52; CI = 1.16-1.99; p = 0.002) and for publication without misleading interpretations (RRR = 2.06, CI = 1.17-3.61, p = 0.01). Conclusions: The enactment of FDAAA was followed by significantly higher proportions of trials that were registered and reporting results on ClinicalTrials.gov and significantly lower degrees of publication bias among trials supporting recent FDA approval of drugs for neuropsychiatric indications. ER  - 
Remission rate of transcranial magnetic stimulation compared with electroconvulsive therapy: a case-control study$$$ Purpose: To compare the rate of remission, rate of response, change in depressive symptoms, and adverse effects between repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Materials and methods: In this retrospective case-control study, 35 patients treated for depression with rTMS (left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, 90% observed motor threshold, 10 Hz, 2000 pulses/session, 15 sessions) at Örebro University Hospital, Sweden (cases), were compared with a matched group of 35 patients treated for depression with ECT (controls). Data on controls were obtained from the Swedish National Quality Register for ECT (Q-ECT). Severity of depression was evaluated using the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression rating scale (MADRS). Results: Remission rate was 26% for cases and 43% for controls (p =.3). Response rate was 40% for cases and 51% for controls (p =.63). The median decrease in MADRS was 11 (IQR 3–19) vs. 17 (IQR 6–27; p =.10) for rTMS and ECT, respectively. There was no statistically significant difference in any measure of treatment effect between rTMS and ECT. More than half of the patients of the rTMS group experienced scalp discomfort and 11% of the ECT group had memory disturbances. Conclusions: All measures of therapeutic efficacy were numerically inferior in the rTMS group compared to the ECT group. The differences were not statistically significant, probably because the sample size was small. More studies are required to find the optimal place for rTMS within the Swedish health care system. Such studies could be facilitated by inclusion of rTMS in the Q-ECT. ER  - 
Association of developing childhood epilepsy subsequent to febrile seizure: A population-based cohort study$$$ Purpose: Epilepsy is an important neurological condition that frequently associated with neurobehavioral disorders in childhood. Our aim was to identify the risk of developing epilepsy subsequent to febrile seizure and the association between epilepsy risk factors and neurobehavioral disorders. Subjects and methods: This longitudinal population-based cohort data included 952 patients with a febrile seizure diagnosis and 3808 age- and sex-matched controls. Participants were recruited for the study from 1996 to 2011, and all patients were followed up for maximum 12.34 years. Results: The association of epilepsy was significantly higher (18.76-fold) in individuals that experienced febrile seizure compared to controls. Further, of those individuals who experienced febrile seizure, the frequency of subsequent development of epilepsy was 2.15-fold greater in females, 4.846-fold greater in patients with recurrent febrile seizure, and 11.26-fold greater patients with comorbid autism. Conclusions: Our study showed that being female, comorbid autism with febrile seizure and recurrent febrile seizure had an increased association with development of epilepsy. Increased recognition the association for epilepsy might be warranted in those febrile seizure children with certain characteristics. ER  - 
Risk Factors Associated with Neurologic Deterioration After Combined Direct and Indirect Revascularization in Patients with Moyamoya Disease on the East Coast of China$$$ Objective: Neurologic deterioration is the primary distinctive complication after revascularization surgery in patients with moyamoya disease (MMD). The present study investigated the risk factors for neurologic deterioration after combined direct and indirect revascularization in patients with MMD. Methods: A retrospective review of 123 patients with MMD undergoing 138 combined direct and indirect revascularization procedures was performed. Demographics, clinical manifestation, medical history, neurologic deterioration complications, and relevant information of the operation were recorded. Results: There were 25 (18.12%) postoperative neurologic deterioration complications (13 reversible neurologic deficits, 9 infarctions with neurologic sequelae, and 3 hemorrhages). Preoperative multiple symptom episodes and one-staged bilateral revascularization were significantly correlated with postoperative neurologic deterioration complications (P < 0.05 and P < 0.01, respectively). The incidence rate (26.39%) of postoperative neurologic deterioration in ischemic MMDs was significantly greater than hemorrhagic MMDs (7.69%; P < 0.01) In total, 34.78% of patients with transient ischemic attack onset and 22.45% of patients with infarction onset suffered from postoperative neurologic deterioration, and there was no significant difference between them (P > 0.05). Postoperative neurologic deterioration complications had no significant correlation with sex, age at the time of surgery, type of surgical procedure, unilateral MMD or not, interval between the last attack and operation, and history of thyroid disease, hypertension, and autoimmune disease. Conclusions: Preoperative multiple symptom episodes and one-staged bilateral revascularization are risk factors associated with postoperative neurologic deterioration in patients with MMD. Therefore, 2 unilateral revascularization procedures performed successively rather than one-staged bilateral revascularization procedures should be performed in patients with bilateral MMD. ER  - 
Timing of carotid endarterectomy after recent minor to moderate stroke$$$ Objective: Early carotid endartectomy is generally favored by vascular surgeons in patients after a minor to moderate stroke. Herein, we compared the results of early versus delayed carotid endartectomy in patients presenting with similar National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale findings after a recent minor to moderate stroke. Methods: A retrospective analysis of 101 patients undergoing carotid endartectomy after a recent stroke in the distribution of the branches of the middle cerebral artery with >70% internal carotid artery stenosis from 2000 to February 2018 was performed. Results: Sixty patients had carotid endartectomy within 2 weeks (group A) and 41 had carotid endartectomy within 2–8 weeks of stroke (group B). Associated factors, such as coronary artery disease, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, nicotine abuse, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and renal failure, were similar in both groups. However, there was preponderance of male patients in group B (0.01). In group A, 35 patients presented with minor stroke (National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale 1–4) and 25 had a moderate stroke (National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale 5–15). In group B, 21 had a minor stroke and 20 had a moderate stroke (P =.54). Perioperative stroke occurred in 4 patients in group A and none in group B (P =.14), with perioperative stroke and death rate of 4.0%. Postoperative seizures occurred in 1 patient in group A and three in group B (P =.30). Conclusion: Early as well as delayed carotid endartectomy in patients with minor to moderate stroke results in a satisfactory outcome. To prevent recurrent stroke in the waiting period, early carotid endartectomy should be preferred. ER  - 
Serum GFAP level: A novel adjunctive diagnostic test in differentiate epileptic seizures from psychogenic attacks$$$ Purpose: There has been increasing interest in the use of different biomarkers to help distinguish psychogenic from epileptic seizures, in patients presenting acutely with seizure-like events. In the present study, we measured serum glial fibrillary astrocytic protein (GFAP) levels in patients presenting with such events who were subsequently diagnosed as epileptic seizures (ESs) or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNESs) and compared GFAP levels obtained with those found in healthy subjects. Methods: Sixty-three patients with seizures (43 with ES and 20 with PNES), and 19 healthy subjects participated in the study. Venous blood samples were obtained within the first 6 h after seizures and serum GFAP levels were measured by protein quantification (ELIZA kit) with an electrochemical luminescence immunoassay. Results: Serum GFAP levels were significantly higher in patients with ES compared to PNES or healthy controls. A cut-off point of 2.71 ng/ml was found optimally to differentiate ES from PNES (sensitivity 72%, specificity 59%). Conclusion: Our study suggests that post-seizure serum GFAP levels could be used in future studies better to understand the underlying mechanism of seizures and may offer as an adjunctive diagnostic test in differentiating ES from PNES. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms and suicidality among individuals with epilepsy enrolled in self-management studies: Results from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Managing Epilepsy Well (MEW) Network$$$ Depression is a common comorbidity in people with epilepsy (PWE) that negatively affects self-management and a variety of health outcomes. Suicidal ideation is also more common among PWE than the general population. We examined correlates of depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation in adults using pooled data from epilepsy self-management studies conducted by sites in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Research Center's Managing Epilepsy Well (MEW) Network that assessed depression severity with the 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9). Of the 770 subjects in the analysis (mean age 42.4 ± 13.0 years), the mean total PHQ-9 score was 9.4 ± 6.6 and 334 subjects (43.4%) had moderate to severe depressive symptoms (PHQ-9 ≥ 10). Only ongoing seizures and low education were associated with moderate–severe depressive symptoms in multiple logistic regression analysis. Suicidality (PHQ-9, item 9 score ≥ 1) was endorsed by 155 subjects (20.1%). Only nonsuicidal depressive symptoms were associated with suicidality in multiple variable logistic regression analysis. We show in this large and regionally diverse dataset that both depression and suicidal ideation are common among PWE enrolled in self-management studies. Future studies are needed to examine whether suicidality exists independently of other depressive symptoms in some populations with epilepsy and investigate other correlates of suicidality that may inform screening practices. ER  - 
Long-term retention rates of antiepileptic drugs used in acute seizures$$$ Purpose: A number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are currently available for treating acute seizures. It is recommended to select the initial treatment option according to the type of epileptic syndrome and the patient's clinical characteristics, but little is known about the long-term retention rates of AEDs started in the emergency department. Methods: We recruited patients admitted with seizures over a two-year period. All patients underwent early neurological assessment, EEG testing, and neuroimaging. The treatments received at baseline and at one year of follow-up were compared. Results: In total, 225 patients were included. Overall, monotherapy with levetiracetam was the regimen most often used in patients with new-onset seizures, whereas other AEDs were mainly used in patients previously treated with other drugs. Lacosamide use was most likely associated with the presence of lesion related seizures in elderly patients, and carboxamides with focal onset seizures of unknown cause. The mean retention rate of the total of AED treatments was nearly 70%. The main cause leading to discontinuation was the development of intolerable adverse events. Levetiracetam use decreased as lacosamide use increased in the overall group of patients. Conclusion: Our study shows that there is a trend to use newer AEDs, particularly levetiracetam, as the first option in new-onset seizures in the emergency room. However, levetiracetam use significantly decreased over follow-up, mainly because of the development of adverse events. The use of other, better-tolerated AEDs, such lacosamide predominated in elderly patients and patients with lesion related seizures, or carboxamides in epilepsies of unknown etiology. ER  - 
Tolerability, efficacy and retention rate of Brivaracetam in patients previously treated with Levetiracetam: A monocenter retrospective outcome analysis$$$ Purpose: To determine the potential for improvement of tolerability and efficacy by the use of Brivaracetam (BRV) in patients previously treated with Levetiracetam (LEV). Methods: We retrospectively analyzed data from patients treated with BRV at the Freiburg Epilepsy Center. Results: 102 patients with a minimum follow up of 6 months were included. The mean duration of treatment was 301.6 (± 156.8) days. 60 patients underwent an overnight switch from LEV to BRV, 42 patients have had LEV at some time in the past. Out of 46 patients with a quantifiable seizure baseline and follow-up of 6 months 10 patients (21.7%) had an increase in seizure frequency, 15 (32.6%) were 50%-responders, and 10 patients (21.7%) became newly seizure-free. Patients with an overnight switch from LEV to BRV who had a reduction in seizure frequency had the highest dose ratio of the final BRV dose to LEV (1:10.1) and the biggest difference between the starting and final dose of BRV, suggesting that previously seizure control was limited by the tolerated LEV dosage. The retention rate after 6 months was 80.4%. 28 out of 49 (57.1%) patients directly switched from LEV to BRV because of psychiatric side effects reported an improved tolerability. 10 out of 42 (23.8%) patients not directly switched but with a history of LEV use had predominantly psychiatric side effects during BRV treatment. Conclusion: Overall, intolerability or ineffectiveness of prior treatment with LEV seems not to preclude a good response to BRV. BRV was substantially better tolerated than LEV. ER  - 
A retrospective analysis of the development of seizure frequency in patients with seizures during a period of military conflict$$$ Purpose: A period of military conflict is characterized by high level of stress. In this study, we examined the seizure frequency in a civilian population of patients with seizures during a period of military conflict. Methods: This retrospective study investigated seizure frequency in patients with seizures seen at the epilepsy clinic of Barzilai Medical Center during the summer of 2014 when the military operation “Protective Edge” between Israel and Gaza took place. Data collected included age, gender, type of seizures, diagnosis, medications, geographic area of living, medical history, imaging, EEG findings and seizure frequency before, during and after the period of conflict. The study was approved by the local Institutional Review Board. Results: Sixty-three (35 men, 55%) patients were included in the study. No significant change in seizure frequency was seen in most patients Mean frequency of seizures was one/3 months during the military operation, not significantly different from seizure frequency before and after the period of conflict. Demographic data, disease duration, findings on MRI or EEG, drug therapy or distance from the Gaza Strip were not associated with change in seizure frequency. However, an increased seizure frequency during the period of military conflict was found in patients with Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizures (PNES) compared with patients with epileptic seizures (p = 0.04, Fisher's exact test). Conclusion: Our study did not show any significant change in seizure frequency during a period of military conflict in most of patients with epilepsy. However, the frequency of spells increased in patients with PNES during this period. ER  - 
Are mental distress and cognitive impairment related in temporal lobe epilepsy?$$$ Objective: Cognitive impairment and depression often co-exist among patients with epilepsy. However, there is still debate whether depression and cognition are related in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Even if they were related, it is still unclear whether symptoms of depression specifically, or rather symptoms of mental distress in general, have a negative impact on cognition in patients with TLE. In the present study, we examined whether self-rated symptoms of mental distress and of depression are related to different cognitive functions in unilateral TLE. Methods: We retrospectively studied 162 patients undergoing preoperative evaluation for epilepsy surgery (95 patients with left TLE (LTLE) and 67 patients with right TLE (RTLE)). Severity of mental distress and symptoms of depression were measured with the Symptom Checklist-90-Revised (SCL-90-R) and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), respectively. Bivariate correlations were calculated between these two measures and neuropsychological measures of verbal recall, figural learning, psychomotor speed, and phonemic word fluency. Due to multiple testing, a corrected level of p < 0.0063 was regarded as significant, only. Results: Seventeen and 19% of patients reported meaningful mental distress and meaningful symptoms of depression, respectively. Mental distress highly correlated with symptoms of depression (rs = 0.80). We found no significant correlations of either mental distress or symptoms of depression with measures of cognitive function. Conclusions: In contrast to some former studies with smaller sample sizes, the present study could not detect a relationship of depression with cognitive impairment in patients with unilateral TLE. Likewise, mental distress and cognition were unrelated in our sample of patients. Our results may argue against theoretical models claiming a causal link between depression and cognitive impairment or a common pathogenic mechanism for these conditions in patients with TLE. ER  - 
Overall and cause-specific premature mortality in epilepsy: A systematic review$$$ Background: We conducted a systematic review to ascertain the overall mortality and causes of premature mortality in epilepsy. Methodology: We searched PubMed and Embase to identify relevant articles reporting mortality in epilepsy. An assessment of the methodological quality and overall quality of evidence of the identified studies was done using appropriate checklists. We extracted data from these studies reporting measures of overall and cause-specific mortality in epilepsy. Results: Sixty-three articles from fifty-six cohorts met the eligibility criteria, thirty-three population- or community-based and twenty-three hospital- or institutional-based studies. The majority of studies are from high-income countries (HIC). These studies reported overall excess mortality for people with epilepsy, with wide variability reported for population- or community-based studies and from low- and middle-income countries (LMIC). Twenty-seven articles from twenty-three cohorts reported measures of mortality for cause-specific mortality in epilepsy. People with epilepsy from HIC and LMIC have a higher risk of dying from various causes compared with the general population. Those in LMIC, however, have a particularly high chance of dying from external causes such as drowning and suicide. We observed a decrement over time in measures of overall and cause-specific mortality in cohorts. Conclusions: Despite the heterogeneity in reports, our findings support the suggestions that people with epilepsy have an increased risk of premature mortality from various causes. Further work is needed to elucidate the mechanisms, to determine biomarkers for predicting those at risk, and to understand the implications of counseling and preventive strategies. ER  - 
Differentiating epilepsy from psychogenic nonepileptic seizures using neuropsychological test data$$$ Objective: Differentiating epileptic seizures (ES) from psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) represents a challenging differential diagnosis with important treatment implications. This study was designed to explore the utility of neuropsychological test scores in differentiating ES from PNES. Method: Psychometric data from 72 patients with ES and 33 patients with PNES were compared on various tests of cognitive ability and performance validity. Individual measures that best discriminated the diagnoses were then entered as predictors in a logistic regression equation with group membership (ES vs. PNES) as the criterion. Results: On most tests of cognitive ability, the PNES sample outperformed the ES sample (medium–large effect) and was less likely to fail the Reliable Digit Span. However, patients with PNES failed two embedded validity indicators at significantly higher rates (risk ratios (RR): 2.45–4.16). There were no group differences on the Test of Memory Malingering (TOMM). A logistic regression equation based on seven neuropsychological tests correctly classified 85.1% of patients. The cutoff with perfect specificity was associated with 0.47 sensitivity. Conclusions: Consistent with previous research, the utility of psychometric methods of differential diagnosis is limited by the complex neurocognitive profiles associated with ES and PNES. Although individual measures might help differentiate ES from PNES, multivariate assessment models have superior discriminant power. The strongest psychometric evidence for PNES appears to be a consistent lack of impairment on tests sensitive to diffuse neurocognitive deficits such as processing speed, working memory, and verbal fluency. While video-electroencephalogram (EEG) monitoring is the gold standard of differential diagnosis, psychometric testing has the potential to enhance clinical decision-making, particularly in complex or unclear cases such as patients with nondiagnostic video-EEGs. Adopting a standardized, fixed neuropsychological battery at epilepsy centers would advance research on the differential diagnostic power of psychometric testing. ER  - 
Experience of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in the Canadian league against epilepsy: A survey describing current practices by neurologists and epileptologists$$$ Purpose: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are one of the most common differential diagnoses of epilepsy. Our objective is to describe current medical care in Canada and identify patterns of practice and service gaps. Methods: In 2015, a 36-question survey was sent via email to the 131 members of the Canadian League Against Epilepsy. The questions were designed after literature review and discussion with the ILAE PNES Task Force. Questions were separated into 5 sections: 1) the role of the respondent and their exposure to PNES, 2) diagnostic methods, 3) management of PNES, 4) etiological factors, and 5) problems accessing health care. Results: Sixty-two questionnaires were analyzed (response rate: 47%). Most respondents were epileptologists (76%). The majority of respondents personally diagnosed PNES and communicated the diagnosis to the patient, but only 55% provided follow-up within their practice and only 50% recommended or arranged treatment. Many (35%) were either unfamiliar with the diagnosis of PNES or inexperienced in arranging or offering treatment. Most (79%) provided follow-up to patients with concomitant epilepsy, but when PNES was the sole diagnosis follow-up rates were low. Although 84% of respondents felt that individualized psychological therapy was the most effective treatment, 40% of patients were not referred to psychotherapy and in most cases availability such therapy was low (30–60%). Conclusions: Canadian health professionals’ understanding of PNES mostly reflects current international expert opinion. Once diagnosis is made however, the majority of patients are discharged from neurological services without appropriate psychological care. ER  - 
The application of artificial intelligence to understand the pathophysiological basis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are episodes of paroxysmal impairment associated with a range of motor, sensory, and mental manifestations, which perfectly mimic epileptic seizures. Several patterns of neural abnormalities have been described without identifying a definite neurobiological substrate. In this multicenter cross-sectional study, we applied a multivariate classification algorithm on morphological brain imaging metrics to extract reliable biomarkers useful to distinguish patients from controls at an individual level. Twenty-three patients with PNES and 21 demographically matched healthy controls (HC) underwent an extensive neuropsychiatric/neuropsychological and neuroimaging assessment. One hundred and fifty morphological brain metrics were used for training a random forest (RF) machine-learning (ML) algorithm. A typical complex psychopathological construct was observed in PNES. Similarly, univariate neuroimaging analysis revealed widespread neuroanatomical changes affecting patients with PNES. Machine-learning approach, after feature selection, was able to perform an individual classification of PNES from controls with a mean accuracy of 74.5%, revealing that brain regions influencing classification accuracy were mainly localized within the limbic (posterior cingulate and insula) and motor inhibition systems (the right inferior frontal cortex (IFC)). This study provides Class II evidence that the considerable clinical and neurobiological heterogeneity observed in individuals with PNES might be overcome by ML algorithms trained on surface-based magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data. ER  - 
A Controlled Trial of Active Versus Sham Trigeminal Nerve Stimulation (TNS) in Children With ADHD$$$ Objectives: Trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS), a minimal-risk noninvasive method of neuromodulation, is effective for depression and epilepsy and is associated with increased activation in the anterior cingulate gyrus on positron emission tomography imaging. A prior open-label investigation suggested potential benefits of TNS in treating ADHD. This double-blind, sham-controlled trial is the first blinded controlled study of TNS in youth and the first to examine the efficacy of TNS as a form of treatment for ADHD. Methods: Children aged 8–12 years, with full-scale IQ > 85 and K-SADS-diagnosed ADHD, were randomized to 4 weeks of nightly treatment with active or sham TNS. Active versus sham treatments were identical except that no stimulation was administered with sham. Assessments were weekly clinician ADHD-Rating Scales (ADHD-RS) and Clinical Global Impressions–Severity (CGI–S) and CGI-Improvement (CGI-I) scales, and Conners Parent-Teacher Ratings. Dimensional outcomes were fitted via a mixed-effects model with group × time interaction to test for differential effects of active treatment using a piece-wise linear time trend. Results: The total number of children in the study was 62 (N = 62). ADHD-RS total scores showed significant group × time effects (Fdf1/df2 = 8.12 1/228, p = 0.005), with Cohen’s d estimate at visit 4 = 0.5, suggesting a medium-sized effect. CGI-I favored active treatment (Chi-square = 9.12, df = 1, p = 0.003). There were no clinically meaningful side effects or adverse events in either condition. Conclusions: Although limited by a sample size and short duration, results demonstrated the potential efficacy of TNS in ADHD and provide further evidence that TNS is safe and has minimal risk. Future research is needed to assess the durability of treatment response and impact on brain development with sustained use (Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT02155608). ADHD, NM, RCT ER  - 
Anti-NMDAR Encephalitis: A Review of Epidemiology, Clinical Features, Pathophysiology, Morbidity, and Mortality$$$ Objectives: The objectives of this Clinical Perspectives are as follows: 1) to describe the discovery of anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate (anti-NMDA) receptor encephalitis; 2) to review the diagnosis, clinical features, epidemiology, pathophysiology, morbidity, and mortality of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, including global variations in clinical samples; and 3) identify features of clinical presentation that should increase a provider’s index of suspicion for this diagnosis and initiate treatment. Methods: A literature review of case series, retrospective chart reviews, and review articles was conducted. Results: An encephalitis caused by antibodies targeting the NR1 subunit of the NMDA receptor was first described in 2007. Incidence estimates range from approximately 1 to 4 per million per year. Although ovarian teratoma has been associated with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, this malignancy is present in a minority of cases in many clinical samples. Anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis has also been associated postherpes simplex virus, although most cases are idiopathic. Case descriptions from different regions and age cohorts have varied in the predominant symptoms and prevalence. Characteristic features include acute onset of abnormal behaviors, including symptoms of psychosis, seizure, movement disorder symptoms (particularly orofacial-lingual dyskinesia), decreased level of consciousness, speech abnormalities, and autonomic dysfunction. The majority of patients with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis have abnormal EEGs, most commonly with diffuse slowing, with some cases having an extreme delta brush pattern. A portion of patients have abnormal MRI findings. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) often has lymphocytic pleocytosis, and anti-NMDA receptor antibodies in CSF is diagnostic. The majority of cases that are identified are treated successfully, although some estimates indicate 8–10% mortality. Conclusions: Acute-onset behavioral/mental illness symptoms, seizure, and movement disorder could indicate anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis. Appropriate treatment can limit morbidity and mortality. CON, NI, EPI ER  - 
Innovative Treatments in Child Psychiatry$$$ Objectives: Therapeutics in child and adolescent psychiatry is embracing novel, potentially disorder-modifying treatments. Background: ADHD neuroimaging has identified differences in activation in attention networks. Trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS) is a neuromodulation method with efficacy for depression and epilepsy. This is the first controlled study of TNS in youth and ADHD. ASD studies have revealed GABAergic deficits. No trials exist of GABA agonists. Studies of social behavior have supported the role of vasopressin. No investigations of vasopressin exist in ASD. Methods: James McGough, MD, will present results of a 4-week, double-blind RCT of active TNS versus sham in children with ADHD. Measures were the ADHD-Rating Scale (RS), Clinical Global Impression–Severity (CGI-S), and CGI–Improvement (CGI-I) scales. Outcomes were fitted via a mixed-effects model with group × time interaction to test for differential effects of active treatment using a piecewise linear time trend. James McCracken, MD, will present a 6-week, double-blind RCT testing target engagement of a GABAA α2, α3 receptor subtype-selective positive modulator, AZD7325, on EEG and clinical endpoints in adults with ASD, to determine the biologically active doses. Endpoints were the first-dose effects on EEG delta and theta spectral power. Secondary endpoints included the following: 1) Aberrant Behavior Checklist–Community (ABC–C); 2) Anxiety, Depression, and Mood Scale; 3) Reading the Mind in the Eyes Test; and 4) social communication. Analyses consisted of generalized linear mixed models, with main effects for time (before and after dose) and condition (AZD7325 and placebo) and condition by time interaction. Antonio Hardan, MD, will present a 4-week, double-blind RCT of vasopressin in children with ASD. Endpoints were SRS-2 and ABC-C. Results: TNS randomized 62 children. TNS was associated with greater ADHD-RS total score reduction and significant group × time effects (Fdf1/df2 = 8.12 1/228, p = 0.005); CGI-I favored active treatment (Chi-square = 9.12, df = 1, p = 0.003). The AZD7325 study randomized 39 children. AZD7325 showed significant effects on EEG after one dose, reducing delta (p < 0.05) and increasing theta power (p < 0.05–0.01). Analyses also found increases in beta (p < 0.05). No efficacy or safety signals were seen. A total of 30 children were randomized to vasopressin or placebo. Vasopressin demonstrated significantly greater decreases in Social Responsiveness Scale–Second Edition and was well-tolerated. Conclusions: Treatment development in child and adolescent psychiatry is entering a new era of novel intervention testing. ADHD, ASD, RCT ER  - 
The Lancet-CAMS Health Summit, 2018$$$ The proceedings contains 86 papers. The topics discussed include: Improvements in professional competence at secondary versus tertiary hospitals: a cross-sectional study of the standardised residency training programme in Shanghai, China;Breast cancer screening programme in China: does one size fit all? A cost-effectiveness analysis based on a Markov model;Growth patterns of infants aged 0 to 24 months in China: a multicentre prospective birth cohort study across China;Changes in lung cancer incidence by sex and smoking status in China: a multicentre observational study;Heavy metal concentrations in Chinese folk medicines for treating epilepsy in children in rural China, and their prescription by village doctors: a cross-sectional survey;Effectiveness of a text messaging-based smoking cessation intervention (Happy Quit) in China: a randomised controlled trial;Poverty and outcomes of people with severe mental disorders in rural China: a 21-year survey;Time between diagnosis and initiation of antiretroviral therapy among people infected with HIV/AIDS from 2004 to 2016 in China: a retrospective database study;Compliance with the criteria of involuntary admission in China&apos;s Mental Health Law: a national cross-sectional study of patients admitted to hospital involuntarily;Effect of the Self-Mutual-Group model for improving social support among the empty-nest elderly in Taiyuan, China: an open-label, randomised controlled trial;Long-term consequences in lung and bone associated with hospital-acquired severe acute respiratory syndrome: a 15-year follow-up from a prospective cohort study;Comparative efficacy and safety of raltegravir-based simplified regimens for people living with HIV infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis;Preconception alanine aminotransferase concentrations and risk of preterm birth in rural Chinese women aged 20–49 years: a population-based cohort study ER  - 
Diagnostic accuracy of whole-brain computed tomography perfusion for detection of ischemic stroke in patients with mild neurological symptoms$$$ Mild and minor acute neurological symptoms may lead to diagnostic uncertainty, resulting in a heterogeneous group of patients with true ischemic events and stroke mimics with a potential for poor outcomes. More than half of ischemic stroke patients present as minor strokes (National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score <6). Whole-brain computed tomography perfusion can be used as a diagnostic test for minor stroke, offering a potential method of reducing diagnostic uncertainty in these patients. We hypothesize that whole-brain computed tomography perfusion imaging features could accurately predict infarction in patients with minor neurological deficits. This retrospective chart review enrolled consecutive patients suspected of acute ischemic stroke with a National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score <6, who underwent whole-brain computed tomography perfusion and follow-up diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging at our institution. Sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values, and positive and negative likelihood ratios were calculated for whole-brain computed tomography perfusion, using follow-up diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging as a reference standard. A total of 524 patients (mean age: 67 years; range: 17–96 years; 56% men) met the inclusion criteria. Patients were excluded for non-diagnostic (n = 25) or missing maps (n = 8) scans, non-ischemic findings (n = 7), and lack of follow-up magnetic resonance imaging (n = 336). The final analysis included 148 patients who underwent diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging. Whole-brain computed tomography perfusion has a sensitivity of 0.57 (95% CI: 0.45–0.69) and a specificity of 0.82 (95% CI: 0.71–0.90). The positive and negative predictive values and positive and negative likelihood ratios were 75%, 67%, 3.09, and 0.53, respectively. Our analysis suggests that although whole-brain computed tomography perfusion may offer some value as an adjunctive test for improving confidence in offering stroke treatment, it is not sufficiently sensitive or specific to accurately predict cerebral infarcts in patients with minor neurological symptoms. ER  - 
Evidence of the high prevalence of neurological disorders in nonsyndromic X-linked recessive ichthyosis: a retrospective case series$$$ Background: X-linked recessive ichthyosis (XLI) is a relatively common type of ichthyosis caused by a deficiency in the steroid sulfatase (STS) enzyme. It is the only type of ichthyosis that can be both syndromic and nonsyndromic. Typical clinical features include dark-brown scale of variable size favouring the extensor surfaces of the extremities. Objectives: To characterize clinically nonsyndromic XLI, with a particular focus on extracutaneous manifestations. Methods: This was a multicentre retrospective review of clinical findings from a case series of patients with a clinical and genetic diagnosis of XLI. Results: We identified 30 patients with XLI belonging to 25 different families carrying a deletion in the STS locus. All patients had dark scales of variable size on the extensor surfaces of the extremities. Lack of flexural involvement and pruritus were common but inconsistent findings, whereas palmoplantar hyperlinearity was absent in all but one patient. A history of orchiopexy was present in 10% and thus was more common than expected vs. the general population (3%). Neurological disorders including epilepsy (13%) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD; 30%) were over-represented in patients with XLI. Conclusions: This was a retrospective study with a limited number of patients. In the absence of confirmatory genetic testing and family history of the disease, dark-brown scale of the extensor surfaces and the absence of palmoplantar hyperlinearity appear to be the most reliable clinical findings supporting a diagnosis of XLI. Dermatologists should be aware of the high prevalence of ADHD and epilepsy in patients with nonsyndromic XLI. ER  - 
Somatic diseases and mortality among offspring of parents with severe mental illness - A nationwide register-based cohort study in 2,000,669 individuals$$$ Objective: Being an offspring of parents with severe mental illness (SMI) is associated with increased risk of certain somatic illnesses, including epilepsy. We examined mortality and the full spectrum of somatic illnesses among offspring of parents with and without SMI born in Denmark between 1982 and 2012. Methods: In a nationwide cohort study of all 2,000,669 individuals, including 47,516 individuals with a parental disposition to severe mental illness, we estimated mortality rate ratio (MRR), incidence rate ratio (IRR) and cumulative incidence fraction (CIF) of first hospital contact for a broad spectrum of somatic illnesses using Poisson' regression adjusted for important confounders. Results: During follow-up (8, 4 million person-years), exposure to severe mental illness in a parent was associated with significantly earlier first somatic contact (IRR 1.17; 95% CI 1.16-1.18) than found in those unexposed. The exposed group had higher risk of a broad spectrum of diagnoses with largest effect sizes for injuries, ill-defined conditions, infections, Central Nervous System (CNS) diseases, digestive system, circulatory system and respiratory diseases, endocrine and metabolic diseases and conditions originating in the perinatal period (all p<0.0001). Highest mortality was found for exposure to maternal bipolar disorder (MRR 2.03; 95% CI 1.50, 2.74) but significantly elevated offspring mortality was also found for parental depression. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that offspring of a parent with SMI have higher morbidity and mortality which should warrant heightened vigilance and support throughout infancy, childhood, and adolescence for families affected by severe mental illnesses. ER  - 
Obstructive sleep apnea in children with autism spectrum disorder$$$ Objectives: To describe the demographic and clinical characteristics of children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) referred for polysomnography (PSG) and to look for predictors of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in these children. Methods: This is a retrospective case series of children ages 2 to 14 years who underwent PSG between January 2009 and February 2015 in a large tertiary referral children's hospital associated with an academic medical center in Dallas, Texas. Children were excluded if they had major comorbidities, prior tonsillectomy, or missing data. The following information was collected: age, sex, ethnicity, height, weight, tonsil size, and prior diagnosis of allergies, asthma, gastroesophageal reflux disease, seizure disorder, developmental delay, cerebral palsy, or attention-deficit disorder. Predictors of OSA were evaluated. A P value ≤.05 was considered significant. Results: A total of 45 children were included with a mean (standard deviation [SD]) age of 6.1 (2.8) years. The patients were 80% male, 49% Hispanic, 27% African American, 22% Caucasian, and 2.2% other. Of these children, 26 (58%) had OSA (apnea hypopnea index [AHI] >1) and 15 (33%) were obese (body mass index z score, ≥95th percentile). The mean (SD) AHI was 7.7 (15.0; range, 1.0-76.6). A total of 9 (20%) had severe OSA (AHI ≥10). There were no demographic or clinical predictors of OSA in this group. Conclusions: In children with ASD, there are no demographic or clinical predictors of OSA. This study supports using general indications for PSG in children with ASD. ER  - 
Motor and emotional behaviours elicited by electrical stimulation of the human cingulate cortex$$$ The cingulate cortex is a mosaic of different anatomical fields, whose functional characterization is still a matter of debate. In humans, one method that may provide useful insights on the role of the different cingulate regions, and to tackle the issue of the functional differences between its anterior, middle and posterior subsectors, is intracortical electrical stimulation. While previous reports showed that a variety of integrated behaviours could be elicited by stimulating the midcingulate cortex, little is known about the effects of the electrical stimulation of anterior and posterior cingulate regions. Moreover, the internal arrangement of different behaviours within the midcingulate cortex is still unknown. In the present study, we extended previous stimulation studies by retrospectively analysing all the clinical manifestations induced by intracerebral high frequency electrical stimulation (50 Hz, pulse width: 1 ms, 5 s, current intensity: average intensity of 2.7 ± 0.7 mA, biphasic) of the entire cingulate cortex in a cohort of 329 drug-resistant epileptic patients (1789 stimulation sites) undergoing stereo-electroencephalography for a presurgical evaluation. The large number of patients, on one hand, and the accurate multimodal image-based localization of stereo-electroencephalography electrodes, on the other hand, allowed us to assign specific functional properties to modern anatomical subdivisions of the cingulate cortex. Behavioural or subjective responses were elicited from the 32.3% of all cingulate sites, mainly located in the pregenual and midcingulate regions. We found clear functional differences between the pregenual part of the cingulate cortex, hosting the majority of emotional, interoceptive and autonomic responses, and the anterior midcingulate sector, controlling the majority of all complex motor behaviours. Particularly interesting was the actotopic' organization of the anterior midcingulate sector, arranged along the ventro-dorsal axis: (i) whole-body behaviours directed to the extra-personal space, such as getting-up impulses, were elicited ventrally, close to the corpus callosum; (ii) hand actions in the peripersonal space were evoked by the stimulation of the intermediate position; and (iii) body-directed actions were induced by the stimulation of the dorsal branch of the cingulate sulcus. The caudal part of the midcingulate cortex and the posterior cingulate cortex were, in contrast, poorly excitable, and mainly devoted to sensory modalities. In particular, the caudal part of the midcingulate cortex hosted the majority of vestibular responses, while posterior cingulate cortex was the principal recipient of visual effects. We will discuss our data in the light of current controversies on the role of the cingulate cortex in cognition and emotion. ER  - 
Relationship between aggravation of seizures and methylphenidate treatment in subjects with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and epilepsy$$$ Objectives: We aimed to investigate the effectiveness and safety of methylphenidate (MPH), and especially its influence on seizures, in subjects with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and epilepsy through a retrospective chart review of subjects treated with MPH in a clinical setting. We also evaluated factors that could affect seizure aggravation during MPH treatment. Methods: From April 2004 to July 2011, MPH was prescribed to 105 subjects with ADHD and epilepsy. The demographic characteristics, psychiatric and medical history, and electroencephalography (EEG) results were reviewed. Two pediatric neurologists reviewed seizure type, epilepsy diagnosis, changes in seizure frequency, and EEG parameters during MPH treatment. Pediatric neurologists and psychiatrists determined the temporal relationship between seizure aggravation and MPH treatment. Results: The mean age of the subjects was 14.8 ± 3.4 years (range: 7-24 years). Sixty-five (61.9%) of the subjects were male. The mean duration of MPH treatment was 22 months (range: 2 weeks to 89 months) and the mean dose of MPH was 0.84 mg/kg/day. MPH was effective in controlling ADHD symptoms in both the seizure aggravation and nonaggravation groups. However, 21 (20%) subjects had aggravated seizures and 32 (32.3%) subjects had worsened EEG findings. Subjects with uncontrolled seizure or anxiety disorders at baseline were more likely to show aggravated seizures. Subjects who had epileptiform discharges, anxiety disorders, or were free of antiepileptic drug use at baseline experienced EEG worsening more frequently. The median duration of MPH treatment was significantly longer in subjects who did not show seizure aggravation than in those who did (p < 0.001). Conclusions: MPH treatment may be related to aggravation of seizures or significant worsening of EEG findings in subjects with ADHD and epilepsy. Thus, clinicians should closely monitor seizure aggravation after MPH administration, especially for high-risk subjects with uncontrolled seizures or anxiety disorders at baseline. ER  - 
Clinical features of glycine receptor antibody syndrome: A series of eleven cases$$$ Objective: To report a series of eleven patients with glycine receptor (GlyR) autoantibodies and various phenotypes, diagnosed at two academic centers. Background: Stiff-person syndrome (SPS) is characterized by progressive muscle stiffness and painful spasms associated with glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) antibodies and gly-cine receptor α1 subunit (GlyRα1) antibodies. GlyRα1 plays an integral role in motor neuron excitability in the brainstem and spinal cord, but is also a key inhibitory receptor in the inner plexiform layer of the retina. Design/Methods: Case series and literature review. Results: This series illustrates the growing phenotypic spectrum of glycine receptor autoimmunity. Age was variable in this series of patients, ranging from 17 to 75 years old. Seven out of ten patients had phenotypes more typically associated with GAD65 antibody syndromes, consisting of SPS with parkinsonism and cerebellar signs. One patient with par-kinsonism had a presentation similar to rapidly progressive multiple system atrophy (MSA) as well as significant dysauto-nomia. Five out of eleven patients had various visual symptoms including visual snow, spider web-like images forming shapes and three dimensional images, palinopsia, photophobia, visual hallucinations, and intermittent diplopia. Two out of ten patients had a primary autoimmune epilepsy presentation, one of whom had significant psychiatric symptoms. In this series, 64% of patients were identified to have coexisting GAD65 antibodies, the majority of which were considered low titer (45%). We also report a variable response to immu-notherapy including steroids, intravenous immunoglobulin, and rituximab. Conclusion: GlyR antibodies have recently been described as strongly associated with spinal and brainstem disorders and SPS-spectrum phenotype. The clinical features of GlyR-associated SPS continue to evolve. We report novel visual symptoms, as well as presentations with autoimmune epilepsy and atypical SPS-phenotypes with parkinsonism, a cerebellar syndrome, and a MSA presentation. GlyR antibodies can coexist with variable titer GAD65 antibodies, but can also be found independently. Thus clinicians should consider testing for GlyR antibodies in GAD65-negative or low positive GAD65 patients with SPS-like presentations, especially in the setting of atypical features such as palinopsia or parkinsonism. Our observation also broadens the spectrum of clinical presentations associated with GlyR antibodies and emphasizes the potential relevance outside of the classical SPS and progressive encephalomyelitis with rigidity and myoclonus (PERM) phenotypes. ER  - 
A case of anti-leucine-rich-glioma-inactivated (LGI1) limbic encephalitis refractory to treatment$$$ Purpose of Study: Anti-LGI1 limbic encephalitis is a rare form of autoimmune disease with a unique presentation including cognitive disorder, seizure, hyponatremia and behavioral changes. Intravenous Immunoglobulins and plasma exchange are main treatment modalities. LGI1 is a secreted neuronal protein that interacts with presynaptic and postsynaptic receptors, and mutations of LGI1 have been associated with the syndrome of autosomal dominant lateral temporal lobe epilepsy. Seizures associated with Anti-LGI1 limbic encephalitis usually improve with immunosuppressant drugs but often do not respond to anticonvulsants alone. The purpose of this case report is to illustrate a difficult case of LGI1 limbic encephalitis refractory to treatment. Methods Used: Retrospective chart review. Summary of Results: This is a previously healthy 47-year-old Hispanic female who presented to our emergency department with several episodes of tonic-clonic and fasciobrachial seizures, confusion, hyponatremia, visual and auditory hallucinations, urine and bowel incontinence, psychosis, and decreased ability to perform her daily activities. Clinical suspicions for autoimmune encephalitis were made but her entire work up, such as brain MRI, CT chest/abdomen/pelvis, TB, Coccidioidomycosis, SLE, Hepatitis, HSV-1, and Sjogren were all unremarkable except for oligoclonal bands present in CSF and serum. A serum autoimmune encephalitis panel was sent to the University of Pennsylvania and found to be positive for the LGI1 antibody. Following treatment guidelines, intravenous immunoglobulin for 5 days, six courses of plasmapheresis, rituximab, cyclophosphamide, and mycophenolate mofetil were used sustainable improvement over more than a year course of her disease. At last, a 5-day course of high dose methylprednisolone subsided her symptoms. Conclusions: This is a rare case of Anti-Leucine-Rich-Gloma-Inactivated Limbic Encephalitis that responded successfully to high dose methylprednisolone refractory to all other treatment modalities. ER  - 
Prevalence of epilepsy and its association with exposure to toxocara canis: A community based, case-control study from Rural Northern India$$$ Objectives: Many community-based and hospital-based studies across the world have yielded contradictory results regarding association of positive Toxocara canis serology and epilepsy. The present study was planned to analyze disease burden of epilepsy in rural community of North India and its association with exposure to T. canis in this part of the world. Methods: A door-to-door screening survey was carried out in the rural community using a validated questionnaire for epilepsy by trained field workers, which was finally confirmed by trained neurologists. The risk factors for epilepsy and for predisposing infections were also enquired. The results were compared with an equal number of age-and sex-matched healthy controls enrolled from the same community. Serologic evaluation was carried out to detect antibodies against T. canis. Results: A total of 41,973 persons from the rural community in 49 villages were enrolled in the study. Two hundred and eleven persons were confirmed to be suffering from active epilepsy, resulting in a crude prevalence of 5 per 1000 population. More than 50% of people with epilepsy were in the second or third decade of life. The prevalence of antibodies to T. canis was similar in people with epilepsy (13.7%; 29 of 211 individuals) and controls (9.95%; 21 of 211 individuals). Of the 151 persons with epilepsy, who underwent CT scan, 34 people (22.3%) had evidence of inflammatory granuloma, thereby confirming high incidence of this infestation in rural Northern India. Significance: Our study does not support the association between epilepsy and exposure to T. canis in rural Northern Indian population. ER  - 
Multicenter retrospective study of early in-ICU anesthetic drugs' management in convulsive status epilepticus$$$ INTRODUCTION. Patients with convulsive status epilepticus (CSE) often require mechanical ventilation (MV), either for general anesthesia (GA) in case of refractory CSE, or for airway protection. Guidelines for the management of refractory generalized CSE recommend to maintain GA during 24-48h, followed by a gradual withdrawal. Our objective was to evaluate the incidence of refractory generalized CSE among patients who required MV during pre-hospital management of SE, and to describe the management of GA in the ICU. PATIENTS AND METHODS. This multicenter retrospective observational study was conducted in 4 French ICUs. All mechanically ventilated patients diagnosed with status epilepticus (SE) admitted in the ICU between 01/01/2014 and 12/31/2016 were included. Exclusion criteria were: age < 18 years, post anoxic SE, acute traumatic brain injury, initiation of MV in the ICU, transfer from another ICU, inclusion in a therapeutic trial on SE, non-convulsive SE. Collected data included type, duration and pre hospital treatment of SE, reason for MV, dosage and duration of GA drugs, EEG monitoring, relapse of SE, MV duration, in-ICU length of stay, complications (i.e. sepsis, acquired ventilation pneumonia, etc.) and mortality. RESULT. Among the 251 medical files reviewed, 101 met the inclusion criteria and were analyzed. Most patients (n=74, 73,3%) had a non-refractory generalized CSE; only 14 (13,9%) had a refractory generalized CSE. The main reason for intubation was coma (n=59, 58,4%). Among patients intubated for persisting convulsions (n=28), two thirds (n=17) had received first and second line antiepileptic drugs at correct dose and 14 had actual refractory SE (2 had psychogenic seizures, 1 refractory partial CSE); the others (n=11) were intubated either directly after the first line, or before the end of the second line infusion. The median duration of GA before weaning was 12h (IQR [5-18]) and was similar in refractory CSE patients (p=0,79). Only 7 patients (6,9%) had a relapse of SE in ICU; they had similar refractory SE occurrence (n=2(12,8%), p=0,91) and GA duration (p=0,39), and none had history of epilepsy. GA duration >12h before weaning was associated with a higher rate of in-ICU complications (n=37 (74%) vs. n=27 (54%), p= 0,04), without decreasing the rate of SE relapse (n=4 vs n=3, p=0,72). CONCLUSIONS. These data show that most patients admitted in ICU while receiving MV for CSE do not have a refractory status, but mainly coma without persisting convulsions. The mean duration of GA before weaning was < 24h, and thus in discrepancy with guidelines, but did not seem associated with a frequent relapse of SE. Patients with a duration of GA ≤12h had less complications in ICU, without increasing the rate of SE relapse. If this low rate of refractory SE and the safety of rapid GA withdrawal are confirmed, the recommended 24-48h duration of GA in ICU may be challenged. ER  - 
Demographic, clinical and immunological manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus among Omani population single tertiary care experience$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to determine the demographic, clinical and immunological manifestations of SLE among the Omani population and to compare the results with a previous study in 2003and global data. METHODOLOGY: This retrospective study included patients aged >12 years old with SLE who complied with the 2012 Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics SLE criteria and presented to the Sultan Qaboos University Hospital, Muscat, Oman between January-December 2016. The cumulative frequency of disease manifestations and auto antibodies was determined. Published studies evaluating SLE manifestations in other countries (Gulf countries, India, UK, Italy and Australia) were collected for comparison. RESULTS: A total of 285 patients were included in this study, 256 (89.5%) were female and 29 (10.5%) were male with a female: male ratio of 9:1. The median age was 33 years (age range: 14-69). The 10 year survival rate was found to be 99% with 6.8% of patients lost to follow up. More than 60% of the patients were from two highly populated regions: Al Batinah (37%) and Muscat (24%) governorate. The cumulative frequency of the clinical manifestations was as follows: haematological manifestations (63%), arthritis (62%), renal manifestations (44%), serositis (12.3%), alopecia (26.3%), rash (31%), oral ulcers (11.9%) and neurological disorders (15%). The cumulative frequency of the detected auto-antibodies was as follows: anti-nuclear antibodies(98%), anti-double stranded DNA (81%), extractable nuclear antigens (89%), anti-histone (37%), anti-smith (25%), anti-Sjögren's syndrome A (36%), anti-Sjögren's syndrome B(10.6%), anti-nucleosome (35%) and anti-Ribosomal antibodies (23%). CONCLUSION: Comparing the above results to other studies, clinical and immunological manifestations of SLE in Oman are similar to other Gulf countries. There is an increased frequency of visceral (renal and neurological) involvement in the Gulf region compared to other geographic areas around the world. ER  - 
Cognitive Development in Children with Rolandic Epilepsy or Rolandic EEG Pattern -Preliminary Results of a Prospective Follow-up Study$$$ Objective: Although intellectual performance is typically normal in patients with rolandic epilepsy or rolandic EEG pattern, problems are found in specific cognitive domains. So far, mainly retrospective studies have been conducted focusing on the cognitive development of school-age children. In our prospective follow-up study, initiated in 2013, preschool children were included in addition to school-age children. Method: T1: Immediately after diagnosis: 38 patients (31 males, 7 females; range: 4-10 years of age; 12 children with seizures, 26 children without seizures) were examined to identify any significant cognitive deficits. T2: Nine to 12 months later: 20 patients were re-examined (15 males, 5 females; 8 children with seizures, 12 children without seizures). We report on the course of development in selected cognitive domains of these 20 follow-up patients. Results (Preliminary results of the ongoing study):T1 (n = 20) Intelligence: WPPSI-III (children < 6 years; n = 4)/WISC-IV (children > 6 years; n = 16) (mean, SD): full-scale IQ: 94.9 (15.2). Index scores: verbal IQ/verbal comprehension: 97.0 (16.2); performance-IQ/perceptual reasoning: 96.6 (14.6); processing speed: 94.8 (14.6); working memory (WISC-IV: n = 16: 93.6 (18.3). Six out of the 20 patients (30%) showed full-scale IQ scores between 70 and 84. Visual perception: FEW-2/-JE (quotients: mean, SD): general visual perception: 92.9 (13.2); motor reduced visual perception: 92.8 (15.3); visual-motor integration: 94.4 (12.1). Language: SETK 3-5/SET 5-10: Below average performance (< 16th percentile) in at least half of the subtests in 7 out of 20 patients (35%). Attention: TAP-/BASIC-preschool subtests: Below average performance (TAP: < 16th percentile in at least half of the subtests/BASIC-preschool: < cutoff value in subsection selective attention) in 17 out of 20 patients (85%).Intelligence: WPPSI-III (n = 3)/WISC-IV (n = 17) (mean, SD): full-scale IQ: 94.7 (15.3). Index scores: verbal IQ/verbal comprehension: 97.5 (13.9); performance IQ/perceptual reasoning: 98.6 (15.1); processing speed: 93.3 (15.9); working memory (WISC-IV: n = 17: 90.3 (18.9). Five out of 20 patients showed full-scale IQ scores between 70 and 84. Four of these patients had scored similarly at T1. Visual perception: FEW-2/-JE (quotients: mean, SD): general visual perception: 95.4 (18.4); motor reduced visual perception: 96.8 (15.0); visual-motor integration: 94.4 (20.9). Language: SETK 3-5/SET 5-10: Below average performance in 2 out of 20 patients (10%). Attention: TAP-/BASIC-preschool subtests: Below average performance in 15 out of 20 patients (75%). In sum, at T2 no significant differences were found in comparison to T1. Conclusion: At the initial examination, the patient group on average performed within the normal range for intelligence and visual perception. However, cognitive testing revealed below average full-scale IQ scores in 30% of the patients. In addition, language impairments were demonstrated in 35% and attention deficits in even 85% of the children. Nine to 12 months after first examination, no significant changes in the children's cognitive profiles were found. Further study results should be awaited. ER  - 
Clinical profile and health-related quality of life in patients with alcohol-related seizures$$$ Background: Alcohol-related seizures (ARS) refer to all seizures associated with alcohol use, including alcohol withdrawal seizures (AWS). There is paucity of literature on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in alcohol-dependent subjects and its relation to clinical pattern of ARS in developing countries. Objective: To study the clinical profile and HRQoL of patients admitted with alcohol-related seizures in a tertiary care center. Materials and Methods: In this cross-sectional study, consecutive patients admitted with new onset ARS (from July 2014 to February 2016) were included. Patients with previous diagnosis of epilepsy, with other provoking causes and those not consenting were excluded. Details of drinking pattern were analyzed. Alcohol dependence was identified by Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT), score more than 8 was taken as positive. HRQOL was assessed by Life Situation Survey (LSS) questionnaire. A video electroencephalography and CT brain (MRI in focal seizures) was done in all patients. Results: Of the 124 study subjects, all were males. Mean age of the sample was 32.84 years (±6.37 years). The average daily consumption was 176 g (±140 g). Mean duration of alcohol intake was 17.24 years (±5.24 years). Nineteen (15.3%) patients had a family history of seizure. In focal seizures, MRI revealed symptomatic lesions in three patients. Occurrence of multiple seizures correlated with higher AUDIT scores. Patients with LSS score < 80 had significantly higher AUDIT score and longer duration of alcohol intake (p < 0.05). Conclusion: A protocol-based evaluation of ARS is necessary, to identify etiologies other than withdrawal. MRI brain is useful in focal onset ARS, to identify underlying symptomatic lesions (33.3% of partial seizures). Patients with higher AUDIT scores are more likely to have multiple seizures and a poorer HRQOL. ER  - 
ANTIBODIES AGAINST THE VOLTAGE-GATED POTASSIUM CHANNEL COMPLEX$$$ Voltage-gated potassium channel (VGKC) complex antibodies have been associated with a spectrum of presentations including peripheral nerve hyperexcitability (PNH), Morvan's syndrome, autoimmune encephalopathy, epilepsy and recently psychosis. We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of 70 patients from the Greater Manchester Neuroscience Centre, who had tested positive for VGKC-complex antibodies between 2012 and 2015 to identify the clinical relevance of positive results. The majority were diagnosed with autoimmune encephalopathy( 19) followed by epilepsy(14), psychosis(10) and PNH(6). The remaining fifteen had other neurological presentations and six had no primary neurological disorder. 39/70 patients who had antibody titres>400 pM, were diagnosed with autoimmune encephalopathy(19), epilepsy(9), psychosis(4), PNH(3) and other disorders(4). 24/39 patients, who received treatment with one or a combination of corticosteroids, intravenous immunoglobulins, cyclophosphamide, plasma exchange, azathioprine or rituximab, had a diagnosis of autoimmune encephalopathy(18), epilepsy(2), psychosis(2) and malignancy (2). 16/24 were treatment responsive. 3/31 patients with lower titres were also treated, but only one with the classic phenotype (PNH) responded to treatment. The classic phenotype often had a titre >400 pM. PNH may have a titre £400 pM. The patients without classic presentations typically had titres£400 pM. Consistent with previous studies, clinical phenotyping and antibody titre helped to determine the relevance of VGKC-complex antibodies. ER  - 
A SCREENING QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRANSIENT LOSS OF CONSCIOUSNESS$$$ Background Transient loss of consciousness (TLOC) is a common primary care presentation. 90% are due to syncope (S), epilepsy (E), or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Misdiagnosis and delayed diagnosis is common. We explore symptoms and witness observations that can classify patients with likely diagnoses of E, S, or PNES. Methods Patients with objectively-documented diagnoses of E, S, or PNES, and an attack witness, were invited to complete a questionnaire (capturing medical history, 86 peri-episodal experiences, and 31 witness observations). Iterative feature selection identified questions strongly predictive of diagnosis; a random forest trained on these classified patients into likely diagnoses of E, S, or PNES. Results 249 patients (86 E, 79 s, 84 PNES) were randomly assigned to training or validation in a 2:1 ratio. Feature selection identified 36 highly-predictive questionnaire items. The classifier correctly diagnosed 86% of patients in validation. 100% of S were correctly diagnosed, 85.7% E and 75% PNES. A simpler 12-feature model correctly classified 76.7% of cases (E: 75%; S: 92.3%; PNES: 65.6%). Conclusions TLOC-associated symptoms and manifestations can contribute to a decision rule for primary/emergency care, assisting triage and referral. Determining a diagnostic pre-test probability from TLOC features can aid interpretation of investigation abnormalities of uncertain significance. ER  - 
Once-daily fluticasone furoate/vilanterol versus twice-daily fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in patients with asthma well controlled on ICS/LABA$$$ Objective: We aimed to demonstrate non-inferiority of once-daily fluticasone furoate/vilanterol 100/25 µg (FF/VI) to twice-daily fluticasone propionate/salmeterol 250/50 µg (FP/SAL) in adults/adolescents with asthma well controlled on inhaled corticosteroid/long-acting β2 agonist (ICS/LABA). Methods: This was a randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, parallel-group, 24-week study (NCT02301975/GSK study 201378). Patients whose asthma met study-defined criteria for control were randomized 1:1:1 to receive FF/VI, FP/SAL or twice-daily FP 250 µg for 24 weeks. Primary endpoint was change from baseline in evening trough forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1). Secondary endpoints included rescue-/symptom-free 24-hour periods. Safety was also assessed. Results: The intent-to-treat (ITT) population included 1504 randomized and treated patients (504 FF/VI; 501 FP/SAL; 499 FP); mean age 43.5 years, 64% female. FF/VI demonstrated non-inferiority (using a margin of −100 mL) to FP/SAL for evening trough FEV1 at Week 24 (ITT: 19 mL [95% confidence interval (CI) −11 to 49]; per protocol population [N = 1336]: 6 mL [95% CI −27 to 40]). Improvement in evening trough FEV1 at Week 24 for both FF/VI (123 mL; p < 0.001) and FP/SAL (104 mL; p < 0.001) was greater than FP. FF/VI increased rescue-/symptom-free 24-hour periods by 1.2%/1.2% compared with FP/SAL. All treatments were well tolerated. On-treatment adverse event (AE) rates were 43% to 45% across arms; there were no drug-related serious AEs. Conclusions: FF/VI was non-inferior to FP/SAL for evening trough FEV1 at 24 weeks. These data suggest that patients well controlled on FP/SAL could step across to FF/VI without loss of control. ER  - 
Prevalence of Brain Injuries among Children with Special Healthcare Needs$$$ Objectives: To investigate differences in brain injury prevalence among US children by special healthcare needs status, accounting for sociodemographic and family characteristics, and to examine correlated health conditions among children with special healthcare needs (CSHCN). Study design: We conducted cross-sectional analyses using parent/caregiver responses to the 2016 National Survey of Children's Health (n = 50 212 children). CSHCN status was based on responses to a 5-item tool designed to identify children through assessment of functional limitations, prescription medication use, elevated service use or need, use of specialized therapies, and ongoing emotional, developmental, or behavioral conditions. Brain injury history was reported by parents/caregivers based on healthcare provider diagnosis. Bivariate and multivariable analyses were conducted. Results: Lifetime history of brain injury was significantly higher among CSHCN than non-CSHCN (6.7% vs 2.3%, P <.001). CSHCN make up 19% of the total US child population but comprise 42% of children with lifetime brain injuries. In addition, the prevalence of a number of comorbid conditions and functional limitations was significantly higher among CSHCN with lifetime brain injury vs those without brain injury. Conclusions: The prevalence of lifetime history of brain injury is nearly 3 times greater among CSHCN than among non-CSHCN. Several comorbid conditions among CSHCN are significantly associated with lifetime history of brain injury. Further studies are needed to examine the extent to which brain injury in CSHCN may exacerbate or be misdiagnosed as other comorbid conditions. ER  - 
Does the Medical Comorbidity Profile of Obstructive Sleep Apnea Patients Treated With Maxillomandibular Advancement Differ From That of Obstructive Sleep Apnea Patients Managed Nonsurgically?$$$ Purpose: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) patients with retrognathia and measurable anatomic airway determinants may represent a subset of OSA patients and have distinct comorbidity profiles. Our aim was to compare the medical comorbidities of OSA patients managed surgically with maxillomandibular advancement with those of nonsurgical patients. Patients and Methods: In this cross-sectional retrospective study, patients for both cohorts were identified through the Massachusetts General Hospital oral and maxillofacial surgery data registry and the Massachusetts General Hospital Research Patient Data Registry. The inclusion criteria consisted of clinical records documenting body mass index (BMI), apnea-hypopnea index, respiratory disturbance index, and/or oxygen nadir. The primary predictor variable was the treatment modality chosen: surgical (maxillomandibular advancement) or nonsurgical. Demographic information and OSA parameters were evaluated. The primary outcome variable was the number of documented comorbidities in each group. Two-sample t tests were used for continuous variables, whereas χ2 or Fisher exact tests were used for categorical variables. Results: The nonsurgical cohort consisted of 71 patients (67.6% men), and the surgical cohort consisted of 51 patients (84.3% men). Comparison of descriptive characteristics showed that the nonsurgical cohort had a higher average age (49 ± 9.4 years) than the surgical cohort (41 ± 10.7 years, P < .001). In addition, a higher average BMI was present in the nonsurgical group (42.3 ± 11.9 in nonsurgical group vs 29.7 ± 5.5 in surgical group, P < .001). Polysomnogram parameters were comparable with the exception of a higher Epworth Sleepiness Scale score in the surgical cohort (15.5 ± 5.30 in surgical group vs 9.90 ± 6.80 in nonsurgical group, P = .005). The nonsurgical cohort had a higher total number of comorbidities (7 ± 4 in nonsurgical group vs 4 ± 3 in surgical group, P < .001). Hypertension, cardiovascular disease, hyperlipidemia, pulmonary hypertension, obstructive pulmonary disease, and type 2 diabetes mellitus had higher prevalences within the nonsurgical group. Conclusions: The results of this study suggest that nonsurgically managed OSA patients tend to have more complex medical comorbidity profiles than those managed surgically. Obesity (BMI >30) was more prevalent in the nonsurgical cohort, which may be contributory. The additive contribution of OSA needs to be further elucidated. ER  - 
Assessment of potentially inappropriate medications in elderly according to Beers 2015 and STOPP criteria and their association with treatment satisfaction$$$ Objective: To assess and compare, according to Beers and STOPP criteria, the frequency and causes of potentially inappropriate medications (PIMs) in elderly, as well as the relationship between PIMs use and patient's treatment satisfaction, evaluated using the Treatment Satisfaction Questionnaire for Medications (TSQM). Method: 350 patients (mean age = 73.49 years), taking a total of 1893 medications, were enrolled from community pharmacies. Results: 6.2% and 20.4% of the medications were inappropriate according to the STOPP and Beers lists respectively; 103 (29.4%) and 210 (60%) patients had at least one PIM according to STOPP and Beers criteria respectively. The most common cause of PIM was a full dose of proton pomp inhibitor for >8 weeks (STOPP) and using a drug that exacerbates/causes syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion (Beers). The number of medications taken by the participant, advanced age, female gender, prescription of medications for anxiety/depression, ulcers/gastroesophageal reflux, rheumatoid arthritis and epilepsy significantly increased the PIMs number. When using STOPP criteria, all TSQM subscale scores were significantly lower among patients with PIM use compared to those without PIM. The same trend was observed for Beers critertia, with a significant difference reached for side effects and convenience subscales only. Conclusion: Selecting the appropriate tools to assess PIMs, prescribers and patient education regarding the risks associated with PIMs, and patient's perception and satisfaction regarding his treatment, are critical issues to be addressed among older adults. ER  - 
Delayed orthostatic hypotension: Severity of clinical symptoms and response to medical treatment$$$ Introduction: Severity of orthostatic intolerance and the benefit of medical treatment in patients with delayed OH have not been elucidated. This study aimed to compare the symptom severity between classic and delayed OH and evaluate the efficacy of midodrine or pyridostigmine in patients with delayed OH. Methods: This was an adjunctive study of previously reported randomized, open-label clinical trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of midodrine or pyridostigmine for classic OH. Seventeen patients with delayed OH were enrolled and also received midodrine (2.5 mg twice a day) or pyridostigmine (30 mg twice a day) alone or combined. Result of initial orthostatic vital sign and questionnaires were compared between the patients with delayed OH and previously reported 87 patients with classic OH. Delayed OH patients were followed up at 1 and 3 months post-treatment and the vital sign measurements and questionnaires were repeated during the follow-up period. Results: Questionnaire scores regarding OH-related symptoms, depression and health-related quality of life (HRQOL) were comparable between the classic and delayed OH patients at baseline. OH-related symptoms and depression were significantly improved after 3 months of medical treatment. Conclusion: Patients with delayed OH exhibited orthostatic intolerance similar to that of classic OH. This study shows that these patients may benefit from medical treatment with either midodrine or pyridostigmine. ER  - 
Challenging behavior in adults with epilepsy and intellectual disability: An analysis of epilepsy characteristics$$$ Purpose: The study aimed to describe the frequency and severity of self-injurious, stereotyped, and aggressive/destructive behavior in adults with both epilepsy and intellectual disability (ID) who reside at a tertiary epilepsy center and to investigate the associations between challenging behavior and epilepsy and ID characteristics. Method: The frequency and severity of self-injurious, (motoric) stereotyped, and aggressive/destructive behavior among 189 patients was assessed using the Behavior Problem Inventory. Comparisons were made with an adult reference population with ID, based on gender, to determine whether the behavior was clinically deviant. Epilepsy characteristics, including age at onset, epilepsy type, seizure types, seizure frequency, and use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), were retrieved from patient files. The level of ID was classified using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders — Fifth Edition (DSM-5) and an ID domain discrepancy was allocated if there was a substantial difference between two domains of adaptive behavior within a subject. Results: Self-injurious behavior was present in 35% of subjects, stereotyped behavior in 60%, and aggressive/destructive behavior in 63%. The behavior exceeded clinical norms in 7%, 18%, and 12%, respectively. Aggression was the behavior evaluated most often as being problematic, despite its reported frequency being the lowest. When adjusting for level of ID and use of psychotropic medication, logistic regression analyses showed that self-injurious behavior was significantly associated with a lower number of AEDs (odds ratio (OR) = 0.4); that stereotyped behavior was significantly associated with a higher number of seizure types (OR = 1.4) and a lower number of AEDs (OR = 0.4); and that aggression was significantly associated with the presence of an ID domain discrepancy (OR = 3.1). Conclusion: Challenging behavior is a serious issue among adults with epilepsy and ID. Although some of the epilepsy and ID characteristics seemed to contribute independently to these types of challenging behavior, the effects of epilepsy-related characteristics are modest when compared with ID. ER  - 
Sleep in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: Time to raise a red flag$$$ Poor sleep is a frequent complaint in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). However, few studies have examined sleep problems in this population. We aimed to compare sleep complaints in patients with PNES with those with epilepsy. Subjects diagnosed as having PNES by experts using video-electroencephalography (vEEG) were recruited through the Brigham and Women's Hospital epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) between 3/25/2013 and 3/29/2018. Controls were patients with epilepsy recruited through the EMU and subspecialty clinics. All subjects were given the Beck Depression Inventory, 2nd Edition (BDI-II) and the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-10 (QOLIE-10). Subjective sleep problems were identified from item 16 (changes in sleep patterns) of the BDI-II. Independent sample t-test, chi-square test, and Spearman correlation were used. A total of 149 patients with PNES and 82 patients with epilepsy completed the BDI-II and QOLIE-10. Compared with control subjects with epilepsy, patients with PNES more frequently reported moderate–severe changes in sleep patterns, notably sleeping less than usual, waking up 1–2 h too early, and having trouble returning to sleep. These changes in sleep patterns were associated with worse quality of life. Our findings suggest that sleep is more commonly reported as a problem in PNES compared with epilepsy. Because sleep plays a major role in good health, understanding the specific sleep problem in PNES may provide insight for improving quality of life for this challenging disorder. ER  - 
Severe cutaneous drug reactions, such as Steven-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis, in pediatric patients, with an emphasis on recently approved medications$$$ Background: Steven-Johnson syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis syndrome (TEN) is a rare, potentially devastating immune-mediated disease within the spectrum of severe cutaneous adverse reactions affecting the skin and mucous membranes. The exact pathogenesis is unknown, but it is thought to be an immune-mediated disease most commonly triggered by medication exposure or an infection. Extensive research on adult triggers of SJS/TEN is available; however, research in children is limited. Objective: We sought to investigate and report evaluation of children with SJS/TEN by clinical course, outcomes, and causative agents of SJS/TEN in the pediatric population, with an emphasis on medications approved since 1990. Our primary goal was to identify highly associated medications in the pediatric population to decrease morbidity and mortality by assisting in early diagnosis, prompt discontinuation of the offending agent, and expeditious transfer to a tertiary burn center. Methods: A retrospective review from 1990 to 2015 at the Shriner’s Burn Hospital in Galveston, Texas, was performed to find patients with a diagnosis of Steven-Johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis. Data were obtained from Shriners written and electronic medical record including the following variables: demographic characteristics, medical history, previous drug exposures, most likely causative agent, percentage of total body surface area (TBSA) involved, ocular and mucosal involvement, clinical manifestations and course of disease, available photographs, histopathology, treatment, length of stay, and outcomes (morbidity and mortality). Analyses of descriptive statistics were conducted for the variables of interest: continuous variables (mean, median, SD, and quartiles) and categorical variables (frequency and percentage). Results: We identified SJS or TEN in 51 patients. Antiepileptic drugs were the most common causative agent, closely followed by antibiotics. Medications approved after 1990 were the cause in 13/51 cases (25.5%). Newer medication causes included lamotrigine, clobazam, and zonisamide. Seven patients died resulting in a 13.73% mortality rate; 6 were due to older medications and 1 was due to lamotrigine, which was approved in 1994. Conclusion: Our study offers new insight into pediatric cases of SJS/TEN with an emphasis on newly approved medications, which can cause SJS/TEN. This is the largest case series from a single tertiary burn treatment center. Three drugs introduced into the market since 1990 have emerged as causes of SJS/TEN including lamotrigine, clobazam, and zonisamide. Zonisamide and lamotrigine are both being more widely used to treat seizures as well as mood disorders. Each of these also has a long half-life resulting in an increased risk of severe or fatal cases of SJS/TEN. Prescribing physicians should be aware of these agent’s risks and benefits, as well as proper dosing guidelines to effectively prescribe and combine AEDs. ER  - 
The prevalence of psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents in hamadan province, West of Iran$$$ Background: There are numerous reports regarding increasing childhood and adolescent mental health problems. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of psychiatric disorders in Hamadan Province, west of Iran from July 2016 to May 2017. Study design: A cross-sectional study. Methods: The sample included 1025 Hamadan residents selected using multistage cluster sampling. Psychiatric disorders were assessed by semi-structured psychiatric interview Kiddie-Sads-Present and Lifetime Version (K-SADS-PL). The data were analyzed using the SPSS software. We used the multivariable logistic regression to predict the Odds Ratios (ORs). Results: The prevalence of total psychiatric disorder was 8.6%. Psychiatric disorders in boys were higher than girls (12.6% and 4.9%, respectively). The psychiatric disorders were most prevalent in 6-9 yr old age group (11%). The prevalence of behavioral disorder was 3.8% with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) as the most prevalent case (2.0%). The prevalence of anxiety disorder was 2.8% in which the highest prevalence belonged to separation anxiety disorder (SAD) (1.1%). The prevalence of neurodevelopment disorder was 1.5% with the highest prevalence of 1% observed in epilepsy. The prevalence of mood disorder was 1.1% with the depressive disorder as the most prevalent one (1.0%). The prevalence of enuresis was 2.7%. The most common comorbidities were anxiety and mood disorders 5(50.0%). Conclusion: The prevalence of these disorders in Hamadan was less than the prevalence in other cities of Iran. These findings can be helpful for large-scale planning for children and adolescents. ER  - 
The use of VV-ECMO in patients with drug dependencies$$$ The purpose of this study is to determine the effect of illicit drug and alcohol dependencies on mortality, length of stay, and complications in patients who have been supported with veno-venous extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (VV-ECMO) following respiratory failure not responsive to conventional methods of ventilation. 584 VV-ECMO referrals received at Wythenshawe Hospital were reviewed for evidence of drug dependency. 13 patients were identified as being drug-dependent and having undergone treatment with VV-ECMO. A matched cohort of 13 non-drug-dependent patients was identified using date of birth, pre-ECMO Murray Score, and primary diagnosis. The outcomes were compared. 19 more complications were found amongst the drug-dependent patients compared with the non-drug-dependent cohort (39 vs 20). A mean difference of 1.46 complications per patient was calculated (p = 0.005). Mortality after 180 days was reported in 4 of the drug-dependent patients, compared with one in the matched cohort. Length of stay on ECMO was increased on average by 1.93 days amongst the drug-dependent patients (p = 0.557); however, the sample size was not great enough to achieve statistical significance. Patients with drug dependencies undergoing VV-ECMO have more complications when compared with a cohort of patients with no proven or suspected drug dependencies. Differences in morbidity and mortality were not statistically significant. ER  - 
Neurologic Comorbidities Predict Proximal Junctional Failure in Adult Spinal Deformity$$$ Study Design: Retrospective case-control matched cohort from a single institution. Objective: To examine the contribution of nonmechanical factors to the incidence of proximal junctional failure (PJF) after adult spinal deformity (ASD) surgery. Summary of Background Data: Multiple studies have reported on the prevalence of PJF following surgery for ASD. However, little is known about the contribution of nonmechanical factors to the incidence of PJF. Methods: We identified a consecutive series of ASD patients who required revision surgery for PJF between 2013 and 2015. A matched cohort of ASD patients who did not develop PJF after surgical correction was identified based on age, gender, preoperative deformity type, number of fusion levels, and the lower instrumented vertebra level. We compared medical and surgical histories in the matched cohorts, with particular attention to the prevalence of preoperative neurologic comorbidities that might affect standing balance. Preoperative, immediate postoperative, and follow-up radiographs were reviewed to document specific characteristics of mechanical failure that resulted in PJF and required revision surgery. Results: Twenty-eight cases of PJF requiring revision surgery were identified. The prevalence rates of preoperative neurologic comorbidities in PJF cohort were significantly higher than in non-PJF cohort (75% vs. 32%, p <.001). Neurologic comorbidities included prior stroke (4), metabolic encephalopathy (2), Parkinson disease (1), seizure disorder (1), cervical and thoracic myelopathy (7), diabetic neuropathy (4), and other neuropathy (4). The mean preoperative sagittal vertical axis in PJF cohort was more positive compared with the non-PJF cohort (144 mm vs. 65 mm, p =.009) There were no significant differences in immediate postoperative or follow-up radiographic parameters between cohorts. Conclusions: In this study, risk factors identified for the development of PJF included nonmechanical neurologic comorbidities, emphasizing the need to look beyond radiographic alignment in order to reduce the incidence of PJF. Level of Evidence: Level 3. ER  - 
Lacosamide monotherapy in clinical practice: A retrospective chart review$$$ Objective: To assess effectiveness and tolerability of first-line and conversion to lacosamide monotherapy for focal seizures. Materials and Methods: Retrospective, non-interventional chart review of lacosamide monotherapy patients aged ≥16 years in Europe. Outcomes included retention rate at observational point (OP) 3 (12 ± 3 months), seizure freedom rates at OP2 (6 ± 3 months) and OP3 and adverse drug reactions (ADRs). Results: A total of 439 patients were included (98 first-line and 341 conversion to monotherapy; 128 aged ≥65 years [25 first-line and 103 conversion to monotherapy]). First-line and conversion to monotherapy retention rates were 60.2% (59/98; 95% confidence interval [CI] 49.8%-70.0%) and 62.5% (213/341; 57.1%-67.6%), respectively. Kaplan-Meier estimates of 12-month retention rates were 81.2% and 91.4% for first-line and conversion to monotherapy, respectively. First-line and conversion to monotherapy retention rates in patients aged ≥65 years were 60.0% (38.7%-78.9%) and 68.9% (59.1%-77.7%), respectively. At OP2, 66.3% of first-line and 63.0% of conversion to monotherapy patients were seizure free. At OP3, 60.2% of first-line and 52.5% of conversion to monotherapy patients were seizure free. In the ≥65 years subgroup, seizure freedom rates at OP2 were 72.0% and 68.0% for first-line and converted to monotherapy, respectively, and at OP3, 68.0% and 56.3%, respectively. Overall, 52 of 439 (11.8%) patients reported ADRs (16.4% in ≥65 years subgroup), most commonly dizziness (5.0%), headache (2.1%) and somnolence (1.6%). Conclusions: Lacosamide was effective and well tolerated as first-line or conversion to monotherapy in a clinical setting in adult and elderly patients with focal seizures. ER  - 
Behavioural changes in patients with intellectual disability treated with brivaracetam$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the tolerability and efficacy of brivaracetam (BRV) in residential patients at our epilepsy centre. Patients and methods: We assessed retrospectively 33 patients (14 females; mean age 38.2 years, with range 17-63 years) with intellectual disability (ID) and drug-resistant epilepsy using an industry-independent, non-interventional study design based on standardized daily seizure records. Mean seizure frequency was compared between the 3-month baseline period and subsequent 3-month treatment period. Evaluation, including calculation of retention rate, was carried out for the intervals 3-6 and 9-12 months after brivaracetam initiation. Responders were defined as having a 50% reduction in seizure frequency. The Clinical Global Impression scale (CGI) was applied to allow assessment of qualitative changes in seizure severity, and the Aggressive Behaviour Scale (ABS) gave further insights into challenging behaviour. Results: The responder rate was 19%, and one non-responder attained an improvement in CGI score. The retention rate after 12 months was 37%. Brivaracetam treatment was stopped because of adverse events (n = 3), lack of efficacy (n = 8) or both (n = 6). Thirteen patients experienced behavioural changes, with aggressive behaviour being the commonest effect. We also observed ataxia (n = 2), gastrointestinal disorder (n = 3) and sedation (n = 2). The ABS showed deterioration, or new occurrence, of aggressive behaviour in 13 patients. Conclusions: Brivaracetam seems to be effective in a small number of patients suffering from difficult-to-treat epilepsy and intellectual disability. Challenging behaviour was documented in a relevant number of patients, with psychiatric illness being a risk factor for this. ER  - 
Beyond 35 years of Parkinson’s disease: a comprehensive clinical and instrumental assessment$$$ Background: We sought to characterize the clinical, neuropsychological, electrophysiological, and neuroimaging features of Parkinson’s disease (PD) after over 35 years since the onset of motor symptoms. Methods: Five consecutively consenting PD patients treated with subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation (STN-DBS) were recruited in a cross-sectional study of motor (Unified PD Rating Scale section-III), non-motor (Non-Motor Symptoms Scale), autonomic (Scale for Outcome in PD-Autonomic), and neuropsychological features associated with the very advanced phase of PD. In addition, patients underwent neurophysiological (autonomic tests and nerve conduction studies) and neuroimaging (brain MRI, 123I-FP-CIT SPECT, and 123I-MIBG myocardial scintigraphy) studies, as well as a genetic analysis of 34 genes and single nucleotide polymorphisms associated with PD. Results: There was a sustained motor response to l-dopa (range 14.4–35.6%), STN-DBS (23.3–38.4%), and l-dopa plus STN-DBS (37.8–63.0%). There were mild-to-moderate non-motor symptoms (range 19–83 on a scale of 0 to 360) and autonomic dysfunction (8–28 on a scale of 0–69). Two patients were demented, one had mild cognitive impairment, and two were cognitively preserved. Three patients had a sensory-axonal peripheral neuropathy and two a moderate-to-severe autonomic neuropathy. All cases showed a complete nigro-striatal dopaminergic denervation and a severe cardiovascular noradrenergic denervation. The brain MRI revealed only moderate frontal atrophy. The genetic tests were unremarkable. Conclusions: Even after more than 35 years of disease, L-dopa and STN-DBS remain effective on PD cardinal symptoms. Although axial, autonomic, and neuropsychological features may become key determinants of disability, some patients maintain a satisfactory quality of life, without significant motor and non-motor impairment. ER  - 
The discriminative value of blood gas analysis parameters in the differential diagnosis of transient disorders of consciousness$$$ Aim: The differentiation between epileptic and non-epileptic episodes can be challenging. Our aim was to compare lactate, anion gap (AG), bicarbonate and the Denver Seizure Score (DSS) as point-of-care test (POCT) markers for episodes of transient alterations of consciousness. Methods: The blood serum parameters were drawn at arrival in the emergency department (ED) within 2 h of the episode. After calculating AG and DSS values, the four parameters were compared retrospectively between patients with generalized tonic–clonic seizures (GTCS) (n = 165) and patients with other disorders of consciousness [syncopes (n = 43), and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (n = 15)]. Additionally, we compared all values among men and women. Results: In GTCS patients, all four parameters differed significantly compared to non-epileptic episode patients (p < 0.001). Serum lactate showed significant additional benefit over the remaining values, with an AUC of 0.947 (95% CI 0.92–0.975) and a high sensitivity and specificity for an optimal cut-off value of 2.45 mmol/l. For DSS, the AUC was 0.857 (95% CI 0.808–0.906; cut-off: 0.35), and for AG 0.836 (95% CI 0.783–0.889; cut-off: 12.45 mmol/l). In the case of serum bicarbonate, the AUC was 0.831 (95% CI 0.775–0.886; cut-off: 22.75 mmol/l). In the sex-dependent comparison, the results were similar. Men showed more significant differences in the compared values than women. Conclusions: Serum lactate is best suited as POCT marker in the differential diagnosis of epileptic and non-epileptic episodes and is superior to AG, DSS and bicarbonate. The differences among sexes may pose a challenge in their implementation and interpretation. ER  - 
High exposure compared with standard exposure to metoclopramide associated with a higher risk of parkinsonism: a nationwide population-based cohort study$$$ Aims: We conducted a cohort study utilizing a nationwide health insurance database to assess the European Medicines Agency's restrictions on using metoclopramide and its association with the risk of parkinsonism. Methods: New oral metoclopramide users aged ≥20 years, and age- and gender-matched non-users were recruited between 2001 and 2011. Users were divided into high-exposure (dose >30 mg day–1 and/or duration >5 days) and standard-exposure (dose ≤30 mg day–1 and duration ≤5 days) groups. The adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) estimated the risk of parkinsonism. Results: During a 1-year period, 122 of 218 931 (0.06%) users of metoclopramide vs. 56 of 218 931 (0.03%) non-users developed parkinsonism (P < 0.001). Among the 122 cases of parkinsonism in users, 64 (0.04%) were from 168 566 standard-exposure users and 58 (0.12%) from 50 365 high-exposure users. Compared with non-users, the risk of parkinsonism was higher in users (aHR 2.16; 95% CI 1.54, 3.02), including standard-exposure (aHR 1.73; 95% CI 1.11, 2.70), and high-exposure (aHR 3.15; 95% CI 1.78, 5.57) users. High-exposure users had a higher risk of parkinsonism than standard-exposure users (aHR 1.83; 95% CI 1.28, 2.63). Within the high-exposure group, 45 233 of 50 365 (89.81%) users and 55 of 58 (94.83%) parkinsonism were from long-duration exposure; 5 132 of 50 365 (10.19%) users and 3 of 58 (5.17%) parkinsonism were from high-dose exposure and long-duration + high-dose exposure. Conclusions: The risk of parkinsonism in metoclopramide users, although extremely low (0.06%), is 2.16-fold greater than in non-users. High-exposure users have a 1.83-fold higher risk than standard-exposure users. As users in high-exposure group had a higher risk of parkinsonism than in standard-exposure group, and the majority of users and parkinsonism in high-exposure group were from long-duration exposure; thus, physician are advised to avoid prescribing metoclopramide for >5 days, even if the daily dose is ≤30 mg. ER  - 
Medication-overuse headache detoxification reduces headache disability – the Akershus study of chronic headache$$$ Background and purpose: Medication-overuse headache (MOH) is a chronic headache (≥15 days/month) associated with overuse of acute headache medication. The objective was to investigate headache-related disability before and after self-detoxification from MOH in the general population, as well as possible predictors for successful outcome. Methods: This was a prospective cohort study. Participants were identified in a cross-sectional epidemiological sample of 30 000 persons aged 30–44 from the general Norwegian population. People with MOH received short information about the possible role of medication overuse in headache chronification. A total of 108 of the 128 participants (84%) were eligible for follow-up 1.5 years later. Results: Using the Migraine Disability Assessment (MIDAS), people with MOH in the general population were heavily disabled (mean MIDAS score 42.1, 95% confidence interval 31.7–52.6) with a majority in the severe disability class. The MIDAS score was significantly reduced at follow-up (P < 0.001) for those with successful self-detoxification. In multivariate analyses, co-occurrence of migraine (P = 0.044) and lower headache frequency at baseline (P = 0.001) increased the odds for successful self-detoxification and reversion to episodic headache. Conclusion: Medication-overuse headache causes substantial disability in the general population. Self-detoxification leads to reduced headache frequency and disability, although 24% of the participants did not complete self-detoxification. Detoxification should be offered to MOH patients as early as possible with a focus on headache frequency, disability and psychological distress. ER  - 
Systematic Evaluation of Neurotoxicity in Children and Young Adults Undergoing CD22 Chimeric Antigen Receptor T-Cell Therapy$$$ Neurotoxicity associated with CAR-T cell therapy can be life-threatening. With rapid development of CAR-T therapies, a systematic method is needed to identify and monitor symptoms of neurotoxicity, elucidate potential etiologies, and compare toxicity across trials. This paper presents a systematic evaluation developed and used to prospectively assess neurotoxicity in our phase I anti-CD22 CAR-T-cell trial and describes the symptoms of neurotoxicity identified using this methodology. Central nervous system (CNS) studies included routine lumbar punctures performed for disease evaluation pretherapy and posttherapy and a baseline brain MRI. Brief cognitive evaluations, assessing 4 domains (attention, working memory, cognitive flexibility, and processing speed), were administered preinfusion and postinfusion. A newly developed CAR-T-specific neurological symptom checklist (NSC) was completed by caregivers at 3 designated time-points. Serial serum cytokine levels were compared with neurotoxicity symptoms and severity. The majority of the first 22 consecutively treated subjects (ages, 7-30) demonstrated stable or improved cognitive test scores following therapy and no irreversible neurotoxicity, despite CAR-T-related antileukemic response, cytokine release syndrome, and trafficking of CAR-T cells to the CSF. The NSC allowed us to document the type and timing of symptoms and explore the etiology of neurotoxicity associated with CD22 CAR-T therapy. Cytokine profiling demonstrated that more concerning symptoms of neurotoxicity, such as hallucination and disorientation, were significantly associated with higher serum cytokine levels, supporting the hypothesis of inflammation-driven neurotoxicity. Systematic assessments of neurotoxicity were feasible in acutely ill children and young adults and served to characterize and monitor the symptoms associated with CAR-T therapy. We recommend these evaluations be incorporated into future immunotherapy protocols. ER  - 
A 6-month prospective randomized controlled trial of remotely delivered group format epilepsy self-management versus waitlist control for high-risk people with epilepsy$$$ Objective: Despite advances in care, many people with epilepsy have negative health events (NHEs) such as accidents, emergency department visits, and poor quality of life. “Self-management for people with epilepsy and a history of negative health events” (SMART) is a novel group format epilepsy self-management intervention. A community participatory approach informed the refinement of SMART, which was then tested in a 6-month randomized controlled trial of SMART (n = 60) versus waitlist control (WL, n = 60). Methods: Participants were adults aged ≥18 years with epilepsy and an NHE within the past 6 months (seizure, accident, self-harm attempt, emergency department visit, or hospitalization). Assessments were conducted at screening, baseline, 10 weeks, and 24 weeks (6 months). Primary outcome was 6-month change in total NHE count. Additional outcomes included depression on the nine-item Patient Health Questionnaire and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, quality of life on the 10-item Quality of Life in Epilepsy, functioning on the 36-item Short-Form Health Survey, and seizure severity on the Liverpool Seizure Severity Scale. Results: Mean age was 41.3 years (SD = 11.82), 69.9% were African American, 74.2% were unemployed, and 87.4% had an annual income < US$25 000; 57.5% had a seizure within 30 days of enrollment. Most NHEs were seizures. Six-month study attrition was 14.2% overall and similar between arms. Individuals randomized to SMART had greater reduction in total median NHEs from baseline to 6 months compared to WL (P = 0.04). SMART was also associated with improved nine-item Patient Health Questionnaire (P = 0.032), Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (P = 0.002), 10-item Quality of Life in Epilepsy (P < 0.001), and 36-item Short-Form Health Survey (P = 0.015 physical health, P = 0.003 mental health) versus WL. There was no difference in seizure severity. Significance: SMART is associated with reduced health complications and improved mood, quality of life, and health functioning in high-risk people with epilepsy. Additional efforts are needed to investigate potential for scale-up. ER  - 
The use of antidepressant drugs in pregnant women with epilepsy: A study from the Australian Pregnancy Register$$$ Objective: To study interactions between first-trimester exposure to antidepressant drugs (ADDs) and antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), and a history of clinical depression and/or anxiety, on pregnancy outcomes and seizure control in pregnant women with epilepsy (WWE). Methods: We examined data from the Australian Pregnancy Register of Antiepileptic Drugs in Pregnancy, collected from 1999 to 2016. The register is an observational, prospective database, from which this study retrospectively analyzed a cohort. Among the AED-exposed outcomes, comparisons were made among 3 exposure groups: (1) pregnancy outcomes with first-trimester exposure to ADDs; (2) outcomes with mothers diagnosed with depression and/or anxiety but who were not medicated with an ADD; and (3) those with mothers who were not diagnosed with depression and/or anxiety and were not medicating with ADD. Prevalence data was analyzed using Fisher's exact test. Results: A total of 2124 pregnancy outcomes were included in the analysis; 1954 outcomes were exposed to AEDs in utero, whereas 170 were unexposed. Within the group of WWE taking AEDs, there was no significant difference in the prevalence of malformations in infants who were additionally exposed to ADDs (10.2%, 95% confidence interval [CI] 3.9-16.6), compared to individuals in the non–ADD-medicated depression and/or anxiety group (7.7%, 95% CI 1.2-14.2), or those without depression or anxiety (6.9%, 95% CI 5.7-8.1; P = 0.45). The malformation rates in pregnancy outcomes unexposed to AEDs were also similar in the above groups (P = 0.27). In WWE medicated with AEDs and ADDs, the frequency of convulsive seizures (P = 0.78), or nonconvulsive seizures (P = 0.45) throughout pregnancy, did not differ across comparative groups. Significance: Co-medicating with ADDs in WWE taking AEDs does not appear to confer a significant added teratogenic risk, and it does not affect seizure control. ER  - 
Perampanel in routine clinical use in idiopathic generalized epilepsy: The 12-month GENERAL study$$$ Objective: To analyze the effectiveness and tolerability of perampanel across different seizure types in routine clinical care of patients with idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE). Methods: This multicenter, retrospective, 1-year observational study collected data from patient records at 21 specialist epilepsy units in Spain. All patients who were aged ≥12 years, prescribed perampanel before December 2016, and had a confirmed diagnosis of IGE were included. Results: The population comprised 149 patients with IGE (60 with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy, 51 generalized tonic–clonic seizures [GTCS] only, 21 juvenile absence epilepsy, 10 childhood absence epilepsy, 6 adulthood absence epilepsy, and one Jeavons syndrome). Mean age was 36 years. The retention rate at 12 months was 83% (124/149), and 4 mg was the most common dose. At 12 months, the seizure-free rate was 59% for all seizures (88/149); 63% for GTCS (72/115), 65% for myoclonic seizures (31/48), and 51% for absence seizures (24/47). Seizure frequency was reduced significantly at 12 months relative to baseline for GTCS (78%), myoclonic (65%), and absence seizures (48%). Increase from baseline seizure frequency was seen in 5.2% of patients with GTCS seizures, 6.3% with myoclonic, and 4.3% with absence seizures. Perampanel was effective regardless of epilepsy syndrome, concomitant antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), and prior AEDs, but retention and seizure freedom were significantly higher when used as early add-on (after ≤2 prior AEDs) than late (≥3 prior AEDs). Adverse events were reported in 50% of patients over 12 months, mostly mild or moderate, and irritability (23%), somnolence (15%), and dizziness (14%) were most frequent. Significance: In routine clinical care of patients with IGE, perampanel improved seizure outcomes for GTCS, myoclonic seizures, and absence seizures, with few discontinuations due to adverse events. This is the first real-world evidence with perampanel across different seizure types in IGE. ER  - 
“You can't always get what you want”-methodological challenges with an internet based CBT intervention for insomnia among patients with cardiovascular disease$$$ Objectives/Introduction: Internet-based cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia (ICBTi) is a frequently used intervention. Published studies are promising, but methodological limitations (e.g., heterogeneity, low number of participants, unclear adherence to the intervention) have been reported. The aim was to describe methodological challenges perceived in the Hit-IT study, an ongoing ICBTi study for patients with insomnia and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The Hit-IT study: Design: RCT with 1-year follow-up. All patients with CVD (i.e., myocardial infarction, heart failure, atrial fibrillation and angina) from 6 primary care centers are screened for insomnia and during a clinical examination diagnosed according to DSM-V criteria. Intervention: 9 weeks I-CBTi (1-week introduction, 2 weeks psychoeducation on CVD/insomnia, 6 weeks of sleep hygiene, stimulus control and sleep restriction) vs 3 weeks internet-based sleep hygiene education. Questionnnaires: Sleep (Pittsburg Sleep Quality Index, Insomnia Severity Index, sleep diary), depressive- and cardiac symptoms (Patient Health Qurestionnaire-9, Cardiac Anxiety Questionnaire) and Quality of Life (SF-12) at baseline, during and after intervention (after 6 and 12 months). Methods: Interim analysis with descriptive statistics. Results: Out of 2170 approached patients with diagnosed CVD 1508 (70%) responded (No=1330/Yes=178). Of the 178 approvals (124 men/54 women), 54 did not complete internet-based screening (no e-mail, declined participation and for unknown reasons). Of the 124 participants who completed screening, 40 (34 men/6 women, age range 42-84 years) were excluded (ISI < 8). In addition, 32 were excluded after telephone contact and clinical examination (declined participation n = 10, no clinical insomnia n = 14, sleep apnea n = 4, restless legs n = 2, epilepsy n = 1, pharmacological side effect n = 1). Currently 46 participants have been randomized in the Hit-IT study (15 females, 31 males, mean age 71 years/Range 41-92 years). 19 participants have completed control group (1 dropout related to technical problems, 3 in treatment). In the intervention group, 6 have completed, 4 intentions to treat, 3 dropouts (n = 2 unknown reason, n = 1 technical problems), 10 participants in treatment. Conclusions: Clear methodological challenges with regard to the strenuous patient inclusion process are identified. The current study has a higher mean age and higher number of participating men than current ICBTi studies in general population. ER  - 
Long-term compliance, safety, and tolerability of sodium oxybate treatment in patients with narcolepsy type 1: A postauthorization, noninterventional surveillance study$$$ Study Objectives: To evaluate adherence to sodium oxybate prescribing information for indication and dosage, patients' compliance with instructions for use, safety/tolerability in routine clinical practice, and abuse potential. Methods: A postauthorization, noninterventional surveillance study (NCT00244465) in patients who were prescribed sodium oxybate according to current practice by sleep disorders specialists. Patients were monitored for ≤18 months. Results: Overall, 749 patients were enrolled; 730 included in the intent-to-treat population (narcolepsy type 1 n = 670, other indications n = 60). We report on patients with narcolepsy type 1 (female 47.9%, mean age 39.4 years); 495/670 (73.9%) completed the study. Median dose: at start of study 4.5 g per night, 6 g per night throughout study, in two equal doses. According to the treatment compliance checklist, 35.5 per cent of patients consumed alcohol, 19.3 per cent took the medication <2 hr after food, and 27.1 per cent did not adhere to recommended time schedule, with few associated treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Incidences of higher-than-recommended doses, difficulty in preparing doses, and abuse were low. TEAEs were reported by 67.3 per cent, most frequently headache (11.6%) and nasopharyngitis (6.4%). Discontinuation due to TEAEs: 8.8 per cent. Serious TEAEs: 6.4 per cent. There were no reports of respiratory depression. No particular safety concerns were identified in pediatric or elderly patients, or those with underlying sleep apnea. Conclusions: In this large postauthorization safety study of sodium oxybate use, indication and dosage prescribing recommendations were generally followed, and most patients complied with instructions, with deviations around alcohol consumption, eating before dosing and timing. The overall safety profile was consistent with previous observations; incidence of abuse was low. ER  - 
Provisional report on diving-related fatalities in australian waters in 2012$$$ Introduction: An individual case review of known diving-related deaths that occurred in Australia in 2012 was conducted. Method: The case studies were compiled using statements from witnesses and reports of the police and coroners. In each case, the particular circumstances of the accident and details from the post-mortem examination, where available, are provided. Results: There were 26 reported fatalities (four less than the previous year). Only two of the victims were female (one snorkeller and one scuba diver). Fourteen deaths occurred while snorkelling and/or breath-hold diving, 11 while scuba diving and one diver died while using surface supplied breathing apparatus in a commercial pearl diving setting. Two breath-hold divers likely drowned as a result of apnoeic hypoxia. Cardiac-related issues were thought to have contributed to the deaths of at least three and possibly seven snorkellers and four scuba divers. Conclusions: Pre-existing medical conditions; poor organisation, planning and supervision; equipment-related problems; snorkelling or diving alone or with loose buddy oversight and apnoeic hypoxia were features in several deaths in this series. ER  - 
Effectiveness and safety of ertapenem used in hospital-at-home units: Data from Spanish Outpatient Parenteral Antimicrobial Therapy Registry$$$ Aim: To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of ertapenem in patients hospitalized at home. Patients & methods: Retrospective analysis of data from Spanish Outpatient Parenteral Antimicrobial Therapy (OPAT) registry. Results: Data from 1428 patients (median age 70 years; 5.4% institutionalized) and 1547 infectious processes (24% self-administration) were analyzed. Clinical cure or improvement was achieved in 93.8% of cases. Rate of related readmissions was 4.2%, of clinically important complications -3.9%, and of adverse drug reactions -3.2%. High comorbidity burden, contagion in nursing home and certain types of infection were associated with worse prognosis. Self-administration was effective and safe, except in case of nursing home-acquired infections. Conclusion: Ertapenem OPAT was effective and safe. Caregivers in nursing homes should be better trained in OPAT-related procedures. ER  - 
Pharmacovigilance applied to autistic spectrum disorder (ASD) with intellectual disability associated$$$ Objectives: To analyze the clinical improvement after initiating a pharmacovigilance program in the population with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) and intellectual disability. Methods: An ambispective study was carried out, in 83 patients, from four centers of special education in Alicante. We analyzed demographic and clinical data (comorbidities, personal history), along with the record of suspected adverse drug reactions (ADR) and drugs potentially associated with the ADR found (antipsychotics, anticonvulsants, antidepressants and anxiolytics). Results: In the ASD subjects (30 ± 10 years of age, 86% men), the median number of medications was 4 (IQR: 3-5) being 48% antipsychotics, 22% anticonvulsants, 16% anxiolytics and 12% antidepressants. In addition, comorbidities 3 (IQR: 2-4), the most frequent being insomnia, epilepsy and psychotic agitation. A total of 64 suspicions of ADR were reported mainly from the nervous system (25%), metabolic diseases (25%) hypercholesterolemia (17%), extrapyramidal (12%) and constipation (11%). The pharmacological group most associated with a higher causality were antipsychotics (52%). Most were mild and resolved with the withdrawal of the medication. Conclusions: The pharmacovigilance program developed in the ASD and intellectual disability population facilitated the recording of suspicion of ADR together with its pharmacological approach and resolution. The next step will be to assess the prevention of them, along with the analysis of potential interactions and the introduction of genetic markers, to favor a more personalized medicine in this vulnerable population. ER  - 
Characteristics of prior emergency departments visits associated with subsequent opioid overdose$$$ Objectives: In this study, we aim to identify and discuss the clinical and demographic characteristics of previous emergency department (ED) patient visits, at one of the only two medical centers in Staten Island, the epicenter of the opioid epidemic within Staten Island, who subsequently present to the ED with an opioid overdose. Design: This was a retrospective, observational study of all patients presenting to the emergency ED between July 1, 2010 and December 31, 2015. Setting: The study was conducted at Staten Island University Hospital. The ED has a census of 120,000 patient visits per year. Patients: All adult patients . 18 years of age, with an ICD-9 code consistent with opioid intoxication and a history of intentional or unintentional overdose were included. Main outcome measure: Clinical and demographic characteristics of previous ED patient visits who subsequently presented to the ED with an opioid overdose. Results: One hundred and twenty-four subjects with a median age of 30 years [interquartile range, 24-40] were reviewed. Eighty-seven (70 percent) were males. Fifty-five subjects were admitted, 68 discharged, and one death. Patients were not more likely to present at any specific time of day. The most common past medical history was anxiety (21 percent), depression (20 percent), back pain (15 percent), hypertension (14 percent), and seizure disorder (11 percent). The most common past surgical history was a prior orthopedic procedure (11 percent). Conclusions: This study identified clinical and demographic characteristics of previous ED patient visits who subsequently present to the ED with an opioid overdose. These characteristics will be vital toward an increased understanding of subjects who subsequently experience an opioid overdose. ER  - 
Could transient neurological symptoms with subdural hematoma be explained by cortical spreading depolarization activity in neurons (CT-scan)$$$ INTRODUCTION: Many patients with chronic subdural hematoma present transient neurological symptoms. While most of them typically receive a diagnosis of epilepsy, we believe a significant proportion of these patients rather suffer from cortical spreading depolarization (CSD) and do not benefit from conventional epilepsy management. METHODS: We performed a retrospective case-control study comparing clinical features of patients with transient neurological symptoms post-SDH evacuation between groups with negative versus positive EEG (ictal or interictal anomaly). Using our results, we built a diagnostic score which predicts the EEG result and could inform proper management. RESULTS: Fifty-nine patients were included, of which 20 (34%) had a positive EEG. Positive symptoms (OR 0.05, P <.0001), complete response to standard AED (OR 0.06), speech-related symptoms (OR 4.8, P =.018), prolonged episodes (OR 23.1, P =.001), clonic movements (OR 0.014, P <.0005), impaired awareness (OR 0.013, P <.0005), mortality (OR 0.021, P =.003), and favorable outcome at follow-up (OR 4.8), were discriminative between our groups, with odds ratios >1 favoring negative EEGs. Using our results, we built a clinical score predicting EEG result based on clinical criterias, which showed a 90% sensitivity and 100% specificity, retrospectively. This suggests the existence of 2 separate subgroups within patients with transient neurological symptoms following SDH: 1 with epilepsy and 1 with another phenotype, which we attribute to CSD. CONCLUSION: We believe that the differences observed between our groups have most likely been driven by the presence of CSD, in our case group. Our clinical score showed a promising diagnostic value, which may render useful for future prospective trials, regarding CSD in SDH. ER  - 
Drug discovery and development: Biomarkers of neurotoxicity and neurodegeneration$$$ The discovery and development of new drugs are vital if we are to improve and expand treatment options available to improve outcomes for patients. Overall, therapeutic strategies fall into two broad categories: small molecules and biologics, although more recently there has been a growth in novel platforms such as miRNAs and oligonucleotides. On average, the development of a small molecule drug takes around 12 years and costs around $50m. Despite this huge investment of time and money, attrition remains a major challenge and very few molecules actually make it through to the market. Here, we look at reasons for attrition in the small molecule field with a focus on neurotoxicology and efforts being made to improve success via the development of imaging and fluidic biomarkers. We also look at learnings from other models of CNS damage and degeneration such as Parkinson’s disease, traumatic brain injury, and multiple sclerosis since these may offer the opportunity to improve tools available to nonclinical toxicologists in the early detection of potential neurotoxicity. Reciprocally, learnings from studies of animal neurotoxicity may offer better ways to potentially monitor patients during clinical development of new drugs for neurodegeneration. Impact statement: Attrition in drug discovery and development remains a major challenge. Safety/toxicity is the most prevalent reason for failure with cardiovascular and CNS toxicities predominating. Non-invasive biomarkers of neurotoxicity would provide significant advantage by allowing earlier prediction of likely neurotoxicity in preclinical studies as well as facilitating clinical trials of new therapies for neurodegenerative conditions such as Parkinson’s disease (PD) and multiple sclerosis (MS). ER  - 
Differential characteristics of lupus psychosis and steroid psychosis$$$ Background/Purpose: Psychiatric manifestations are relatively common in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Since there are a number of factors causing psychiatric manifestations other than SLE, the diagnosis of lupus psychosis (LP) is often difficult. Especially, it has been sometimes challenging to discriminate steroid psychosis (SP) from LP, since LP usually occurs after the initiation or increase of steroid. The current studies were therefore designed to clarify the differences in clinical features between LP and SP. Methods: Multicenter retrospective cross-sectional study was performed with 51 SLE patients who presented psychiatric manifestations between 1992 and 2001. The diagnosis of LP and SP was confirmed by retrospective review of the clinical records. Demographic features, clinical manifestations, serum autoantibodies and cerebrospinal fluid IL-6 were compared between LP and SP. Results: Thirty-one and 20 patients were judged by review of the clinical records as LP and SP, respectively, in the retrospective study. There were no significant differences in age and gender between the 2 groups. However, the prevalence of acute confusional state was significantly higher in LP, whereas the prevalence of mood disorder was predominant in SP (Figure 1). Eleven of the 31 patients with LP were complicated with seizure disorders, whereas no patients with SP presented seizure. Of note, CSF IL-6 levels were elevated above the cut-off value of 4.3 pg/ml in 27 of 31 patients with LP, but in none of 7 patients with SP. Finally, serum anti-Sm antibodies, but not anti-DNA or antiphospholipid antibodies, were significantly elevated in 31 patients with LP compared with 20 patients with SP (Figure 2). Conclusion: These results in the current studies highlight the differences in clinical and laboratory features between LP and SP. Thus, acute confusional state and complication of seizure are characteristic of LP, whereas the most prevalent manifestation of SP is mood disorder. Moreover, the data also suggest that CSFIL-6 as well as serum anti-Sm antibodies might be effective tools for differential diagnosis of LP from SP. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
A pilot randomised controlled trial of a home-based writing intervention for individuals with seizures$$$ OBJECTIVE: We investigated the feasibility, acceptability and preliminary effectiveness of a writing intervention for individuals with epilepsy or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. METHODS: Individuals were randomised to write about potentially 'therapeutic' topics (n = 43) or about their daily events (n = 25). Participants were asked to write on four separate occasions for at least 20 min. Repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to investigate change in measures of health-related quality of life (NEWQoL-6D), depression (NDDI-E), anxiety (GAD-7) and illness perception (B-IPQ) from baseline to one and three-month follow-ups. Qualitative and quantitative data taken from a Writing Task Questionnaire was analysed between the two conditions. RESULTS: Recruitment was acceptable with 52% of those randomised completing the full writing intervention. In both conditions, participants wrote for longer than 20 min suggesting those who completed the study engaged well with the procedure. Greater benefits were observed in the 'therapeutic' condition (p < 0.05), which was associated with an improvement in health-related quality of life at one-month follow-up (p = 0.02). No differences were found in the other measures. CONCLUSIONS: A writing intervention is acceptable in this population. Self-reported benefits were modest, suggesting therapeutic writing may be more suitable as a supplement to other therapies rather than a stand-alone therapeutic intervention. ER  - 
The long-term disease burden of meningioma patients: Results on health-related quality of life, cognitive function, anxiety and depression$$$ BACKGROUND: Recent systematic reviews reported that meningioma patients have an impaired health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and cognitive function up to 5 years after intervention. We aimed to assess the long-term disease burden of meningioma patients. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In this multicentre cross-sectional study, intracranial meningioma patients at least 5 years (median: 9.9 years) after anti-tumour therapy were included. HRQoL was measured with the generic SF-36 (8 scales and 2 component scores) and the disease-specific EORTC QLQ-BN20 (11 scales/items), and anxiety and depression with the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS: ≤11/21 points is indicative for probable anxiety or depression). Six domains of cognitive function were assessed with a standardised neuropsychological test battery (z-score<-1.5 is defined as a clinically relevant deficit). Generalised linear models were used to compare meningioma patients with healthy controls, corrected for age, sex, educational level and comorbidities. One-sample t-tests were used to compare meningioma patients with normative data of newly diagnosed glioblastoma patients. Patient recruitment and data collection is still in progress. RESULTS: 164 meningioma patients were included (mean age 63.9 years, WHO grade I: 91.7%, surgery: 89.2%, radiotherapy: 14.6%). Compared with 110 controls, meningioma patients had worse HRQoL scores on 4/10 SF-36 scales/component scores: role limitations due to physical problems (mean difference: 11.7, p=0.03) and emotional problems (difference: 13.8, p=0.009), social functioning (difference: 9.5, p=0.016), and the mental component score (difference: 4.4, p=0.011). Meningioma patients scored similar to glioblastoma on 5/11 EORTC QLQ-BN20 scales/items: visual deficits (difference: 1.6, p=0.272), headache (difference: 2.9, p=0.324), seizure (difference: 1.6, p=0.103), drowsiness (difference: 3.7, 0.619), and hair loss (difference: 3.4, p=0.164), but better on other scales/items. Patients suffered from probable anxiety in 14.3% of cases (controls: 3.7%, p=0.015) and depression in 7.5% of cases (controls: 1.9%, p=0.011). Clinically relevant cognitive deficits were found in executive function (10.9%), verbal memory (19.4%), working memory (13.4%), attention (10.3%), information processing (25.0%) and psychomotor speed (14.4%). CONCLUSION: Almost 10 years after the last anti-tumour treatment, meningioma disease burden is still significant and in some areas comparable to newly diagnosed glioblastoma. A considerable number of patients have impaired HRQoL, suffer from cognitive deficits and report high levels of anxiety and depression. ER  - 
Prediagnostic presentations of glioma in primary care: A case-control study$$$ BACKGROUND: Little is known about the symptoms and signs of glioma patients in the year(s) before diagnosis. This study aimed to assess the prevalence of clinical symptoms glioma patients may present with to the general practitioner (GP) in the five years prior to diagnosis, and whether these can be distinguished from two control groups, i.e. (1) patients with other central nervous system (CNS) disorders or (2) any other condition. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Glioma patients were matched to patients in the two control groups based on age, sex and diagnosis date, using anonymized GP registries. Prevalences of nine prediagnostic symptoms (seizures, headaches, motor impairments, cognitive/mental impairments, visual disorders, mood disorders/fear, general symptoms, sensory complaints and metabolic/endocrine symptoms) were evaluated in the five years prior to diagnosis, both overall as well as divided into three time periods: 60-24 months, 24-6 months and <6 months. In addition, the number of visits to the GP per patient were calculated. RESULTS: Thirty-six glioma patients were matched with 72 control patients. In total, 2491 (range 0-102) visits to the GP were analyzed. There were no significant differences between groups in the number of visits over 5 years (711 versus 989 versus 791 in glioma, CNS and other patients respectively; p=0.381), or in each of the three time periods. In the 60-24 months before diagnosis 399 visits versus 582 versus 444 visits were made by glioma, CNS and other control patients respectively (p=0.187), in the 24-6 months 217 versus 264 versus 238 visits respectively (p=0.948) and in the 6 months prior to diagnosis 95 versus 132 versus 109 visits respectively (p=0.547). The prevalence of motor symptoms in the period 60-24 months was significantly higher in the CNS patients as opposed to the other groups (4 versus 0 in both other groups; both p=0.039). Moreover, <6 months prior to diagnosis CNS patients differed significantly in mood disorders/fear compared to other controls (8 versus 0, p=0.012), but not glioma patients versus CNS patients (5 versus 8, p=0.816) or glioma versus other patients (p=0.221). No differences between groups regarding the prevalence of symptoms were found in the period 24-6 months prior to diagnosis. CONCLUSION: In this sample, glioma patients could not be distinguished from CNS or 'other' control patients with respect to the number of GP visits before diagnosis or prediagnostic symptoms. Nevertheless, when mood disorders occur, all CNS disorders should be considered by the GP, including glioma. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: Our experience$$$ Introduction: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are paroxysmal events that resemble epileptic seizures with regard to their behavior or experience but are without epileptiform activity on electroencephalogram. Diferentiating PNES from true seizures is essential in providing the correct treatment and avoiding morbidity and potentially life-threatening risks that can occur with misdiagnosis. Aims and Objectives: The aim is to study the clinical profile of patients presenting with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and to assess the underlying psychological stressors responsible for the patient's illness. Materials and Methods: Patients who presented with PNES episodes between September 2016 and February 2018 were analyzed retrospectively. Detailed history regarding the semiology of the episode was taken and neurological examination was performed on all the patients. All the patients underwent necessary investigations including magnetic resonance imaging brain and Video EEG monitoring. Analysis and Results: A total of 50 cases were studied. Most of the patients were young females with female:male ratio = 9:1. The mean age was around 23 years. A total of 10 patients had comorbid true seizures. Most common psychological stressors observed were loss of family member, family disputes, and educational stress. Conclusion: Patients with PNES pose substantial economic burden to the health-care system. Delay in diagnosis and treatment may result in signifcant psychological and physical morbidity to the afected patient. A multidisciplinary approach is necessary to treat such patients. ER  - 
Clinical and laboratory profile of patients with cerebral venous sinus thrombosis related to alcohol intake at a tertiary care center in South India: A retrospective study$$$ Introduction: The association of alcoholism with stroke is known. However, acute cerebral venous sinus thrombosis due to alcoholism is on the rise. It is important to keep the possibility of CVT in mind while dealing patients with chronic alcohol intake presenting with neurological symptoms. This study was done to assess the clinical, laboratory, and radiological profile and assessment of associated risk factors in patients with CVT related to alcohol intake. Methods: All cases of radiologically proven CVT patients with alcohol dependence or symptoms following a binge drink, admited in the time period of 6 months (January-June 2018), were included. Their clinical and laboratory profile and radiological investigations were assessed. Results: Thirty patients fulflling the above criteria were studied. All of them were males. The mean age of the patients was 35±4.6 years. The common symptom was headache (86.7%) followed by seizures (56.6%). Among the patients, 43.33% (13) were alcohol dependent by CAGE questionnaire. Nearly 56.66% (17) of the patients had alcohol binge prior to the symptom onset. Computed tomography brain was normal in 33.3% (10) and showed hemorrhage in 46.66% (14).Transverse sinus was the most common sinus involved (60%) followed by superior sagital sinus (28%). Vitamin B12 defciency in 56.6% (17), hyperhomocysteinemia in 63.3% (19), and polycythemia in 10% (3) were also seen in these patients. Conclusion: CVT is common in alcohol-dependent patients with binge drinking of alcohol. Headache was the most common symptom. Binge alcohol drinking was identifed as a risk factor for CVT. Vitamin B12 defciency and hyperhomocysteinemia associated with chronic alcohol intake were also found to be risk factors for CVT. ER  - 
Comparison of Mood Disorders as adverse events after Using Imipenem/cilastin versus Meropenem: A Propensity Score Analysis$$$ Background: Several clinical trials showed that meropenem could be at least as effective as imipenem/ciclastin(imipenem), and imipenem had more potential for causing seizures when used at high doses. However, psychiatric adverse events such as mood disorders has not yet been well reported. In this study, we compared adverse events including mood disorders after using imipenem versus meropenem by a propensity score analysis. Methods: 837 inpatients who used imipenem or meropenem were included in single-center retrospective study. Age, dose of carbapenems, site of infection, Sequential Organ Failure Assessment(SOFA) score, baseline serum creatinine level, and Glasgow Coma Scale(GCS) were used for propensity score 1:1 matching. Results: By propensity score matching, baseline characteristics of 234 patients were not significantly different. 30day mortality was not significantly different between two groups (p = 0.081) which was 44.4% in the imipenem and 33.3% in the meropenem group. The Kaplan-Meier analysis also showed no significantly difference of survival between two groups (p = 0.214). Analyzing adverse events, there was no significantly different seizure event between two group using the Kaplan-Meiers analysis (p = 0.578), and both of groups had 1.7% of seizure events. The imipenem group had more mood disorders compared to meropenem group (6.8% vs. 0.9%, p = 0.035). The Kaplan-Meier analysis confirmed the significant difference in cumulative incidence of mood disorders between the two groups (p = 0.017). By fitting Cox's proportional hazards model, imipenem use (p = 0.035), duration of carbapenem usage (p = 0.033) were significant predictors of cumulative incidence of mood disorders, and imipenem usage increased the risk of mood disorders (HR, 10.949; 95% CI, 1.182-101.391). Among patients who had mood disorders, there was one psychosis (0.1%) which is the most severe presentation of psychiatric adverse events. Conclusion: Using imipenem/cilastin was the risk factor of mood disorders as an adverse event compared to meropenem. Psychiatric adverse events of imipenem/cilastin such as mood disorders as well as psychosis should be further studied. ER  - 
Mortality after traumatic brain injury and the effect of posttraumatic epilepsy$$$ Objective To assess the effect of posttraumatic epilepsy (PTE) on mortality and causes of death after traumatic brain injury (TBI). Methods Medical reports were collected retrospectively of patients who sustained TBI between 1996 and 2013. After defining patients with PTE and picking up 2 non-PTE matched TBI controls for every patient with PTE, the database included 714 patients. Demographic data, cause and mechanism of injury, nature of injury (focal injury, intracranial bleeding), time from accident to first seizure, remission rates, neurosurgical operations undertaken, and mortality data were collected. Results Of the 714 patients, 555 (77.7%) were men and 159 (22.3%) were women. There was an obvious increase in long-term mortality in patients with PTE compared to control TBI patients. This increase became evident after about 1 year from the injury, when approximately 95% of both non-PTE and PTE patients were alive; after that, the difference in mortality increased. The difference remained significant at least up to 15 years from the injury, when around 65% of non-PTE patients with TBI were alive compared to only 45% of patients with PTE. In patients with PTE, the mortality was 1.75 times higher (p = 0.0001). There was no significant difference in causes of death. Conclusion This study shows that long-term mortality is higher in patients with PTE than other patients with TBI, although the reasons for this difference remain unclear. ER  - 
Increased risk of hospital admission for mood disorders following admission for epilepsy$$$ Objective To determine if epilepsy admissions, compared to admissions for other medical causes, are associated with a higher readmission risk for mood disorders. Methods The Nationwide Readmissions Database is a nationally representative dataset comprising 49% of US hospitalizations in 2013. In this retrospective cohort study, we used ICD-9-CM codes to identify medical conditions. Index admissions for epilepsy (n = 58,278) were compared against index admissions for stroke (n = 215,821) and common medical causes (n = 973,078). Readmission rates (per 100,000 index admissions) for depression or bipolar disorders within 90 days from discharge for index hospitalization were calculated. Cox regression was used to test for associations between admission type (defined in 3 categories as above) and readmission for depression or bipolar disorder up to 1 year after index admission, in univariate models and adjusted for age, sex, psychiatric history, drug abuse, income quartile of patient's zip code, and index hospitalization characteristics. Results The adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for readmission for depression in the epilepsy group was elevated at 2.80 compared to the stroke group (95% confidence interval [CI] 2.39-3.27, p < 2 × 10-16), and 2.09 compared to the medical group (95% CI 1.88-2.32, p < 2 × 10-16). The adjusted HR for readmission for bipolar disorder in the epilepsy group was elevated at 5.84 compared to the stroke group (95% CI 4.56-7.48, p < 2 × 10-16), and 2.46 compared to the medical group (95% CI 2.16-2.81, p < 2 × 10-16). Conclusion Admission for epilepsy was independently associated with subsequent hospital readmission for mood disorders. The magnitude of elevated risk in this population suggests that patients admitted with epilepsy may warrant targeted psychiatric screening during their hospital admission. ER  - 
Prospective study of early and late outcomes of extremely low birthweight in Central Saudi Arabia$$$ Background: Survival of preterm neonates has steadily improved over the past five decades, due to changes in the neonatal intensive care. However, in Saudi Arabia, there are no written guidelines on the definition of the lower limit of viability, and there has been a call for such a limit. The aims of this study were: (1) to determine lower limits of viability and survival in extremely low birthweight (ELBW) infants, and (2) to determine incidence of neurodevelopmental and cognitive abnormalities within 3-6 years after birth. Methods: Prospective study of all live inborn ELBW infants admitted to the neonatal unit of King Abdulaziz Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, within 3 years [between January 1st, 2005 and December 31st, 2007] was conducted (n = 117). Data were collected on demographic and birth data, neonatal complications & interventions and death on discharge. Prospective follow up of all survivors was done, within 6 years after birth, to assess the outcome in terms of neurodevelopmental and cognitive abnormalities. Predictors of survival were determined using logistic regression model. Significance was considered at p-value ≤0.05. Results: Of all ELBW infants, 41% died before discharge. Survival rate was directly correlated with gestational age (GA) and birthweight (p < 0.05). The 50% limits of viability were those at 25 weeks' gestation or with > 600 g. After adjusting for possible confounders, significant predictors of survival were birthweight (p = 0.001) and Apgar score (p < 0.001). The following impairments were reported during follow up of survivors: developmental delay (39.2%), cerebral palsy (36.2%), speech problems (33.3%), wasting (12.5%), intellectual disability (10%), visual problems (6.6%) and hyperactivity (5.6%). Conclusion: More than one-third of ELBW died before discharge from NICU, and two-thirds of survivors had one or more neurodevelopmental and/or cognitive abnormalities during their first 6 years of life. The 50% limits of viability of ELBW infants were those at week 25 of gestation or with a birthweight of more than 600 g. Birthweight could be considered as more valid than gestational age in the prediction of viability of ELBW infants. The process of care of ELBW infants in Saudi Arabia may need to be revisited taking these findings into consideration. ER  - 
Evaluation of reported adverse drug reactions in antibiotic usage: A retrospective study from a tertiary care hospital, Malaysia$$$ Adverse drug reaction (ADR) primarily caused by many drugs including antibiotics. At present, the incidence and pattern of ADR caused by antibiotics have remained as neglected area in Malaysia. This study was conducted to determine the incidence and analyze the pattern of ADR caused by antibiotics among patients in a tertiary care hospital. It is a 2-year retrospective observational study conducted at Hospital Pulau Pinang, Malaysia. All eligible patients who had antibiotic prescribed belonging to any age group either from outpatient or inpatient that had experienced ADR was included in this study. The outcomes were measured with the aid of Naranjo's and Hartwig's scales. The incidence of the ADRs among patients prescribed with antibiotics in Hospital Pulau Pinang is about 1.1%. Vancomycin and Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole both are considered to be the major contributors to ADR incidences. The skin was the most affected organ by ADRs followed by gastrointestinal system. Most of the severe ADRs were caused by Penicillin. The causality relationship of all the severe reactions was mostly probable. General Medicine unit had reported the highest number of ADRs caused by antibiotics. The common manifestations of ADRs are acute kidney injury and exanthem. In addition, majority of the ADRs caused by antibiotics were reversible. A large multicenter study is suggested to confirm the present findings. ER  - 
Secondary attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder following perinatal and childhood stroke: impact on cognitive and academic outcomes$$$ This cross-sectional retrospective clinical research study examines a large group of children followed within a pediatric stroke program and a developmental attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) clinic at the Hospital for Sick Children, between May 2004 and June 2016. All children with a history of stroke who participated in a neuropsychological assessment between the ages of 4 and 18 years were considered for inclusion. From a sample of 275 participants with a history of stroke, 36 children (13.1%) received a diagnosis of secondary ADHD. Children with secondary ADHD were younger at the time of stroke and more likely to be identified as having a presumed perinatal stroke and persistent seizures than children without secondary ADHD diagnoses. There were no differences in pattern of lesion, size, or laterality between children who developed secondary ADHD and those who did not. Children with secondary ADHD had the lowest scores across all cognitive and academic measures compared to children with stroke-only and developmental ADHD. Findings highlight the added risk of receiving a diagnosis of secondary ADHD following pediatric stroke. Implications for future research and directed intervention are discussed. ER  - 
Wearables for gait and balance assessment in the neurological ward - study design and first results of a prospective cross-sectional feasibility study with 384 inpatients$$$ Background: Deficits in gait and balance are common among neurological inpatients. Currently, assessment of these patients is mainly subjective. New assessment options using wearables may provide complementary and more objective information. Methods: In this prospective cross-sectional feasibility study performed over a four-month period, all patients referred to a normal neurology ward of a university hospital and aged between 40 and 89years were asked to participate. Gait and balance deficits were assessed with wearables at the ankles and the lower back. Frailty, sarcopenia, Parkinsonism, depression, quality of life, fall history, fear of falling, physical activity, and cognition were evaluated with questionnaires and surveys. Results: Eighty-two percent (n=384) of all eligible patients participated. Of those, 39% (n=151) had no gait and balance deficit, 21% (n=79) had gait deficits, 11% (n=44) had balance deficits and 29% (n=110) had gait and balance deficits. Parkinson's disease, stroke, epilepsy, pain syndromes, and multiple sclerosis were the most common diseases. The assessment was well accepted. Conclusions: Our study suggests that the use of wearables for the assessment of gait and balance features in a clinical setting is feasible. Moreover, preliminary results confirm previous epidemiological data about gait and balance deficits among neurological inpatients. Evaluation of neurological inpatients with novel wearable technology opens new opportunities for the assessment of predictive, progression and treatment response markers. ER  - 
Prophylactic cranial irradiation versus observation in radically treated stage III non–small-cell lung cancer: A randomized phase III NVALT-11/DLCRG-02 study$$$ Purpose The purpose of the current study was to investigate whether prophylactic cranial irradiation (PCI) reduces the incidence of symptomatic brain metastases in patients with stage III non–small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) treated with curative intention. Patients and Methods Patients with stage III NSCLC—staged with a contrast-enhanced brain computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging—were randomly assigned to either observation or PCI after concurrent/sequential chemoradiotherapy with or without surgery. The primary end point—development of symptomatic brain metastases at 24 months—was defined as one or a combination of key symptoms that suggest brain metastases—signs of increased intracranial pressure, headache, nausea and vomiting, cognitive or affective disturbances, seizures, and focal neurologic symptoms—and magnetic resonance imaging or computed tomography demonstrating the existence of brain metastasis. Adverse effects, survival, quality of life, quality-adjusted survival, and health care costs were secondary end points. Results Between 2009 and 2015, 175 patients were randomly assigned: 87 received PCI and 88 underwent observation only. Median follow-up was 48.5 months (95% CI, 39 to 54 months). Six (7.0%) of 86 patients in the PCI group and 24 (27.2%) of 88 patients in the control group had symptomatic brain metastases (P = .001). PCI significantly increased the time to develop symptomatic brain metastases (hazard ratio, 0.23; [95% CI, 0.09 to 0.56]; P = .0012). Median time to develop brain metastases was not reached in either arm. Overall survival was not significantly different between both arms. Grade 1 and 2 memory impairment (26 of 86 v seven of 88 patients) and cognitive disturbance (16 of 86 v three of 88 patients) were significantly increased in the PCI arm. Quality of life was only decreased 3 months post-PCI and was similar to the observation arm thereafter. Conclusion PCI significantly decreased the proportion of patients who developed symptomatic brain metastases with an increase of low-grade toxicity. ER  - 
Investigation of copy number variations on chromosome 21 detected by comparative genomic hybridization (CGH) microarray in patients with congenital anomalies$$$ Background: The clinical features of Down syndrome vary among individuals, with those most common being congenital heart disease, intellectual disability, developmental abnormity and dysmorphic features. Complex combination of Down syndrome phenotype could be produced by partially copy number variations (CNVs) on chromosome 21 as well. By comparing individual with partial CNVs of chromosome 21 with other patients of known CNVs and clinical phenotypes, we hope to provide a better understanding of the genotype-phenotype correlation of chromosome 21. Methods: A total of 2768 pediatric patients sample collected at the Genetics Laboratory at Oklahoma University Health Science Center were screened using CGH Microarray for CNVs on chromosome 21. Results: We report comprehensive clinical and molecular descriptions of six patients with microduplication and seven patients with microdeletion on the long arm of chromosome 21. Patients with microduplication have varied clinical features including developmental delay, microcephaly, facial dysmorphic features, pulmonary stenosis, autism, preauricular skin tag, eye pterygium, speech delay and pain insensitivity. We found that patients with microdeletion presented with developmental delay, microcephaly, intrauterine fetal demise, epilepsia partialis continua, congenital coronary anomaly and seizures. Conclusion: Three patients from our study combine with four patients in public database suggests an association between 21q21.1 microduplication of CXADR gene and patients with developmental delay. One patient with 21q22.13 microdeletion of DYRK1A shows association with microcephaly and scoliosis. Our findings helped pinpoint critical genes in the genotype-phenotype association with a high resolution of 0.1 Mb and expanded the clinical features observed in patients with CNVs on the long arm of chromosome 21. ER  - 
Efficacy of CBD-enriched medical cannabis for treatment of refractory epilepsy in children and adolescents – An observational, longitudinal study$$$ The objective of this observational study was to evaluate the efficacy of medical cannabis for the treatment of refractory epilepsy. Fifty-seven patients (age 1–20 years) with epilepsy of various etiologies were treated with Cannabis oil extract (CBD/THC ratio of 20:1) for at least 3 months (Median follow up time-18 months). Forty-Six Patients were included in the efficacy analysis. Average CBD dose was11.4 mg/kg/d. Twenty-six patients (56%) had ≤50% reduction in mean monthly seizure frequency. There was no statistically significant difference in response rate among various epilepsy etiologies, and cannabis strain used. Younger age at treatment onset (<10 years) and higher CBD dose (>11 mg/kg/d) were associated with better response to treatment. Adverse reactions were reported in 46% of patients and were the main reason for treatment cessation. Our results suggest that adding CBD-enriched cannabis extract to the treatment regimen of patients with refractory epilepsy may result in a significant reduction in seizure frequency according to parental reports. Randomized controlled trials are necessary to assess its true efficacy. ER  - 
Surgical and functional outcome of olfactory groove meningiomas: Lessons from the past experience and strategy development$$$ Object: Olfactory groove meningiomas (OGMs) constitute a unique subset of intracranial meningiomas, since they usually remain clinically silent for a long period of time, and they may be of large size upon their diagnosis. Their surgical management remains quite challenging. The surgical and the neuropsychological outcome of patients with OGM are presented in our current study, in order to establish a basis for developing efficacious surgical strategies for the management of this clinico-pathological entity. Methods: A retrospective study covering a 17-year period examined a total of 78 patients (31 males and 47 females) diagnosed with OGM, and surgically managed in the two participating institutions (Greece and Romania). The patients’ charts as well as their imaging studies (head CT, brain MRI/1HMRS, brain MRA/MRV, cerebral DSA), and their operative reports were carefully reviewed. All participants underwent pre- and post-operative neurocognitive evaluation with the Mini Mental Status Examination (MMSE), and the Frontal Assessment Battery (FAB). Microsurgical resection was performed by employing a bilateral subfrontal, a unilateral subfrontal, or a pterional approach. The Simpson scale was utilized for assessing the extent of resection. The histological type of the resected meningioma was identified. The follow up period ranged from 2 to 15 years (mean: 5.6). Results: Non-specific headache was the most common presenting symptom, followed by personality changes in our series. Grade 1 Simpson resection was accomplished in 19.2%, grade 2 in 46.2%, grade 3 in 17.9%, and grade 4 in 16.7%. The most common postoperative complication was anosmia (89.7%), followed by CSF leakage (21.8%). The observed 5-year recurrence rate was 11.8%. Analysis of our data demonstrated that patients with larger tumors presented with poorer neurocognitive status, and had also lower, compared with patients with smaller meningioma, postoperative neurocognitive outcome. Meningioma's histological type had no correlation with complication occurrence or tumor recurrence. Surgical resection significantly improved the preoperative MMSE scores of our patients, while the observed postoperative improvement of the FAB scores was not statistically significant. The bilateral subfrontal approach demonstrated higher complication rate than the other two approaches, in our series. Interestingly, bifrontal approach was associated with higher tumor recurrence rate. Tumor size, patient's age, and ethmoid bone infiltration seem to be predisposing factors for complication occurrence and tumor recurrence. Conclusion: Individualized surgical strategy is necessary for mitigating the postoperative complication rate, and the possibility of recurrence in the management of OGMs. The exact role of less invasive, endoscopic approaches in the management of these patients remains to be defined. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric features of the coexistence of epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: To investigate demographic, epidemiologic and psychiatric features suggestive of the coexistence epilepsy (ES) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) that may contribute to precocious suspicion of the association. Methods: In this exploratory study, all patients older than 16 years admitted to prolonged video-electroencephalogram monitoring were evaluated about demographic, epileptological and psychiatric features. Detailed psychiatric assessment using M.I.N.I.-plus 5.0, Beck Anxiety Inventory, Beck Depression Inventory and the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ) was performed. Data were collected previous to the final diagnosis and patients with ES-only, PNES-only or coexistence of ES/PNES were compared. Results: Of 122 patients admitted to epilepsy monitoring unit, 86 patients were included and 25 (29%) had PNES. Twelve (14%) had PNES-only, 13 (15%) had ES/PNES and the remaining 61 (71%) had only ES. A coexistence of ES and PNES was associated with clinical report of more than one seizure type (p0.001), nonspecific white matter hyperintensities on MRI (p <.001) and a past of psychotic disorder (p =.005). In addition, these patients had significantly more emotional abuse and neglect (p <.002 and 0.001, respectively). Somatization (including conversion disorder) was the most common diagnosis in patients with PNES- only (83%) and co-existing of PNES and ES (69.2%), differentiating both from ES-only patients (p <.001). Conclusion: The high prevalence of this coexistence ES/PNES in this study reinforces a need to properly investigate PNES, especially in patients with confirmed ES who become refractory to medical treatment with antiepileptic drugs. The neuropsychiatric assessment may help to diagnostic suspicion and in the planning of therapeutic interventions. ER  - 
Cognition, mood and quality-of-life outcomes among low literacy adults living with epilepsy in rural Kenya: A preliminary study$$$ Epilepsy is frequently associated with neurocognitive impairments, mental health, and psychosocial problems but these are rarely documented in low- and middle-income countries. The aim of this study was to examine the neurocognitive outcomes, depressive symptoms, and psychosocial adjustments of people with epilepsy (PWE) in Kilifi, Kenya. We evaluated the impact of these outcomes on health-related quality of life. Self-report, interviewer-administered measures of depression (Major Depression Inventory) and quality of life (RAND SF-36) were administered to 63 PWE and 83 community controls. Neurocognitive functioning was assessed using Raven's Standard Progressive Matrices, Digit Span, and Contingency Naming Test. The results show that PWE have poorer scores for executive function, working memory, intelligence quotient (IQ), depression, and quality of life than controls. Twenty-seven (27%) of PWE had depressive symptoms, which was significantly greater than in controls (6%); P < 0.001. Quality-of-life scores were significantly lower in PWE with depressive symptoms than in those without depressive symptoms (Mean QoL scores (standard deviation (SD)): 46.43 (13.27) versus 64.18 (17.69); P = 0.01. On adjusted linear regression models, depression affected total quality-of-life scores (P = 0.07) as well as individual health indicator domains touching on pain (P = 0.04), lethargy/fatigue (P = 0.01), and emotional well-being (P = 0.02). Our results show that epilepsy is associated with a significant burden of mental health and neurocognitive impairments in the community; however, community-based studies are needed to provide precise estimates of these disorders. ER  - 
Assessing depression severity with a self-rated vs. rater-administered instrument in patients with epilepsy$$$ Rationale: Up to 30–50% of individuals with epilepsy have depressive symptoms, which often complicate seizure management and reduce overall quality of life. To identify and manage depressive symptoms appropriately, clinicians need standardized instruments that can accurately identify and monitor those with clinically significant depression. The self-reported 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) has been used relatively widely to screen and monitor depression in epilepsy. The rater-administered Montgomery–Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) is a rater-administered instrument widely used in depression treatment trials but less widely applied in epilepsy. This secondary analysis from 2 epilepsy self-management clinical trials compared depression severity ratings using the PHQ-9 and the MADRS instruments. Methods: Data for this analysis were derived from pooled baseline and longitudinal data from 2 prospective epilepsy self-management randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Both RCTs assessed depression with the PHQ-9 and the MADRS. For this analysis, total depression severity scores and case classification of individuals with no/minimal, mild, moderate/moderately severe, and severe depression were assessed using both PHQ-9 and MADRS. Results: The sample contained 164 individuals with epilepsy. Demographic and clinical variables between the 2 studies were generally similar. There were 107 women (64.8%), 106 African-Americans (64.2%), and 51 Whites (30.9%). Individuals had epilepsy for an average of 22.1 (SD: 15.5). Mean past 30-day seizure frequency at baseline was 3.1 (SD: 11.6). Baseline mean PHQ-9 was 10.7 (SD: 6.80) with depression severity of 32 (19.6%) not or minimally depressed, 47 (28.8%) mildly depressed, 37 (22.7%) moderately depressed, 27 (16.6%) moderately severely depressed, and 20 (12.3%) severely depressed. Baseline mean MADRS severity was 18.5 (SD: 11.3) with 30 (18.8%) not or minimally depressed, 27 (16.9%) mildly depressed, 92 (56.1%) moderately depressed, and 11 (6.9%) severely depressed. The correlation between total PHQ-9 and total MADRS was 0.843 (p <.01) although case classification by depression severity varied somewhat between the two instruments. Conclusions: Standardized measures to evaluate depression severity in people with epilepsy can help identify cases and monitor treatment. The PHQ-9 and MADRS both perform well in assessing depression in people with epilepsy although administration burden is less with PHQ-9 thus making it likely preferable for settings where time and epilepsy specialty resources are limited. ER  - 
Sexual dysfunction and associated factors in Chinese Han women with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Women with epilepsy (WWE) are believed to be at risk of sexual dysfunction (SD) and face many sexual challenges because of multiple factors. This study aimed to assess the factors associated with SD in Chinese Han WWE. Methods: This cross-sectional study examined 112 married WWE in the Affiliated Hospital of Yangzhou University with focal (FE) or generalized epilepsy (GE) on antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), and 120 healthy controls without epilepsy, all of Chinese Han nationality. Data collection tools included the Chinese version of Female Sexual Function Index (FSFI), the Chinese version of Zung Self-Rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), the Chinese version of the Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS), the Chinese version of the revised Morisky Medication Adherence Scale (MMAS-8), and the Chinese version of the National Hospital Seizure Severity Scale (NHS3). Chi-square test, t-test, one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA), and binary logistic regression were used for statistical analysis. Results: A high rate (70.5%) of SD was detected in WWE, with 24.2% in controls. Sexual dysfunction affected all dimensions: desire (85.7%), arousal (56.3%), lubrication (47.3%), orgasm (66.1%), satisfaction (58.9%), and pain (41.1%). Elevated rates of anxiety (40.2%) and depression (33%) and poor medication adherence (31.3%) were also found in WWE. Binary logistic regression found that poor economic status (odds ratio (OR) = 13.904, 95% confidence interval (CI): 2.025–95.472, P = 0.007 and OR = 6.350, 95% CI: 1.323–30.477, P = 0.021), anxiety (OR = 1.222, 95% CI: 1.055–1.415, P = 0.007), and poor medication adherence (OR = 0.297, 95% CI: 0.124–0.707, P = 0.006) were associated with SD. Conclusions: The associated factors of SD in Chinese Han WWE are multifactorial. The WWE have higher levels of anxiety, poor family economic status, and poor medication adherence. Medical professionals should not only better control seizures but also evaluate and improve patients’ sexual function so as to improve the quality of life of WWE. ER  - 
Characteristics of patients with confirmed epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in Qatar$$$ Objective: The Middle Eastern country of Qatar opened its first epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) in late 2015. This study compared demographic and clinical characteristics of patients with confirmed epilepsy to those of patients with confirmed psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: Data were collected via retrospective chart review on 113 patients admitted for evaluation to the Qatar national health system EMU between November 2015 and May 2017. Results: Seventy-one patients had a confirmed diagnosis (20 had PNES, 46 had epilepsy, 5 had both PNES and epilepsy). Evaluation in 33 patients was inconclusive, and 9 had other medical conditions. Patients with PNES were significantly more likely to be primary Arabic speakers (p = 0.003), and this difference was not explained by education or employment status. The most common referral request in patients with PNES was for recurrent/refractory seizures (p = 0.011), and there was a trend for patients with PNES to have more frequent seizures compared with patients with epilepsy (daily to several per week versus several times a month or less, p = 0.051). Depression was identified in 47% of patients with epilepsy and 65% of patients with PNES, and patients with PNES had higher mean depression scores on the PHQ-9 than patients with epilepsy (p = 0.014). Patients with PNES experienced significantly more fatigue (p = 0.021). Seventy percent of patients with PNES and 50% of patients with epilepsy reported sleep problems. Conclusions: The characteristics of patients with epilepsy and PNES at the EMU in Qatar were generally similar to those found worldwide. Patients with PNES more often suffered from frequent depression, sleep problems, and fatigue than those with epilepsy, but these were significant concerns for both groups. ER  - 
Utilization of brain imaging in evaluating patients with psychogenic nonepileptic spells$$$ Background: Psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES) are paroxysmal movements or sensory events that resemble epileptic seizures but lack corresponding ictal electrographic changes. A confirmed diagnosis of PNES is only accomplished via video electroencephalogram (vEEG) monitoring. Prior to diagnosis, patients are often assessed with neurodiagnostic imaging and their conditions treated with anticonvulsant medications, both of which are of limited clinical value and contribute to the higher cost of care. In this study, we assessed the relationship between the semiological features of PNES, medication regimen, or psychiatric comorbidities and the frequency of referrals for brain imaging tests prior to diagnosis of PNES. Methods: This is a retrospective chart review of 224 adult patients diagnosed as having PNES at a level 4 epilepsy care center from 2012 to 2017. Patients with coexisting epilepsy were excluded. The 882 segments of vEEG records were reviewed for semiology of spells, and patients were categorized into one of seven distinct phenotypic classes according to the accepted clinical classification. The frequency of neurodiagnostic tests completed for each patient prior to vEEG was correlated with PNES phenotype and other clinical characteristics. Results: There were 68 (30%) males and 156 (70%) females diagnosed as having PNES with a median age of 36 years. Seventy-four percent of patients were receiving one or several anticonvulsant medications, and 67% of patients were treated with psychotropic medications other than benzodiazepines. The most prevalent PNES events were characterized by semirhythmic small amplitude movements in the extremities (class 2; 34%) followed by those resembling tonic–clonic seizures (class 4; 28%). Neurodiagnostic imaging tests including computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain were performed at least once in 60% of patients and 4 times or more in 11% prior to vEEG. There was a significant association between the frequency of neurodiagnostic tests and the PNES phenotype (p = 0.02). Specifically, patients with sensory changes (class 6) had more imaging tests than those with primitive gesturing and truncal posturing (classes 1 and 5, respectively). Additionally, patients diagnosed with 3 or more psychiatric disorders underwent significantly more neurodiagnostic tests relative to patients diagnosed with two or fewer psychiatric disorders (p = 0.03). Furthermore, patients whose conditions were treated with anticonvulsant medications tended to undergo more imaging scans prior to vEEG as compared with the patients whose conditions were not being treated with anticonvulsants. Conclusions: These findings suggest that the frequency of brain imaging obtained prior to the definitive diagnosis of PNES is influenced by semiology of spells and the psychiatric health of patients. Patients who demonstrate minimal paroxysmal movements in the settings of multiple psychiatric comorbidities represent a particularly challenging patient phenotype which is linked to more frequent referrals for brain imaging. These patients should be promptly referred for vEEG to improve diagnostic accuracy and prevent treatment with anticonvulsants as well as referrals for serial neurodiagnostic tests. ER  - 
Clinical features in a series of 258 Japanese pediatric patients with thrombotic microangiopathy$$$ Background: Thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) includes hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS) and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP). This study examined the epidemiological characteristics of pediatric patients with TMA classified according to etiology. Methods: The survey evaluated 258 Japanese pediatric patients diagnosed with TMA between 2012 and 2015. Results: The primary diseases responsible for TMA were categorized as TTP (15 cases), Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli-associated HUS (STEC-HUS) (166 cases), atypical HUS (aHUS) (40 cases), and secondary TMA (27 cases). The remaining 10 cases were unable to be classified to one of the four categories of the primary disease. Renal replacement therapy was required in the acute phase in 103 patients with TMA, including 65 with STEC-HUS, 22 with aHUS, two with TTP, 10 with secondary TMA, and four unclassified cases. The last observational findings were normal renal function in 95 patients and chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 1 in 62. For 31 patients, chronic renal insufficiency (CKD stage 2-5) persisted, including four patients with end-stage kidney disease (CKD stage 5). Seventeen patients suffered recurrence of TMA, and eight patients died. Conclusion: This study clarified differences in the relative proportions of primary diseases between patients from Japan and North America and Europe. The difference may be attributable to the lower estimated incidence of STEC-HUS in Japan. ER  - 
Risk of central nervous system defects in offspring of women with and without mental illness$$$ We sought to determine the relationship between maternal mental illness and the risk of having an infant with a central nervous system defect. We analyzed a cohort of 654,882 women aged less than 20 years between 1989 and 2013 who later delivered a live born infant in any hospital in Quebec, Canada. The primary exposure was mental illness during pregnancy or hospitalization for mental illness before pregnancy. The outcomes were neural and non-neural tube defects of the central nervous system in any offspring. We computed risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association between mental disorders and risk of central nervous system defects in log-binomial regression models adjusted for age at delivery, total parity, comorbidity, socioeconomic deprivation, place of residence, and time period. Maternal mental illness was associated with an increased risk of nervous system defects in offspring (RR 1.76, 95% CI 1.64–1.89). Hospitalization for any mental disorder was more strongly associated with non-neural tube (RR 1.84, 95% CI 1.71–1.99) than neural tube defects (RR 1.31, 95% CI 1.08–1.59). Women at greater risk of nervous system defects in offspring tended to be diagnosed with multiple mental disorders, have more than one hospitalization for mental disease, or be 17 or older at first hospitalization. A history of mental illness is associated with central nervous system defects in offspring. Women hospitalized for mental illness may merit counseling at first symptoms to prevent central nervous system defects at pregnancy. ER  - 
Retrospective study of perampanel efficacy and tolerability in myoclonic seizures$$$ Objectives: Perampanel is an antiepileptic drug (AED) approved for add-on treatment of focal seizures (with or without generalization) and primary generalized tonic-clonic (GTC) seizures. Our objective was to explore the effectiveness and tolerability of adjunctive perampanel in patients with drug-resistant myoclonic seizures, after failure of other AEDs. Materials and methods: Retrospective, multicenter, observational study. Data were collected from individual patient clinical files and analysed using appropriate descriptive statistics and inferential analyses. Results: Data are reported for 31 patients with mean age 36.4 years, who had an average epilepsy duration of 18 years, previously taken an average of 5.03 AEDs, and were taking an average of 2.4 AEDs on perampanel initiation. Patients exhibited myoclonic, GTC, absence, tonic and focal seizures, and most had associated cognitive decline and/or ataxia. Median time on perampanel was 6 months, most common dose was 6 mg, and overall retention rate was 84%. The responder rate for myoclonic seizures was defined via reduction of days with myoclonic seizures per month. At 6 months, 15 (48.4%) of the 31 patients were classed as myoclonic seizure responders, 10 (32.3%) were myoclonic seizure free, and 39% saw improvements in functional ability. Of 17 patients with GTC seizures at baseline, 9 (53%) were responders at 6 months, and 8 (47.1%) were seizure free. The most frequent side effects were psychiatric disorders, instability, dizziness and irritability, and mostly resolved with dose reduction. Five patients discontinued perampanel due to side effects. Conclusions: Perampanel caused clinically meaningful improvements in patients with drug-resistant myoclonic seizures. It was generally well tolerated, but psychiatric and neurological side effects sometimes required follow-up and dose reduction. ER  - 
Clinical and immunological pattern and outcome of Egyptian systemic lupus erythematosus patients: a single center experience$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to describe the clinical and immunological pattern and disease outcome in Egyptian systemic lupus erythematosus patients. Patients and methods: The medical records of 770 systemic lupus erythematosus patients who were followed from 2002–2015 at Kasr Alainy Hospital, Cairo University, were retrospectively reviewed. Results: There were 707 (91.8%) females. The mean age at disease onset was 22.1 ± 8.6 and the disease duration was 6.1 ± 4.5 years. The main clinical manifestations were mucocutaneous (90.8% with oral ulcers affecting 52.5%), arthritis (80.3%), nephritis (67.8%), hematologic involvement (64.9%), serositis (55.2%) and neuropsychiatric manifestations (44.3%). The frequencies of antinuclear antibodies were 94.3%, anti-dsDNA 74.8%, anti-Smith 11%, anticardiolipin antibodies 29.5% and lupus anticoagulant 19.8%. Infections, predominantly bacterial, affected 337 (43.8%) patients. Thirty-three (4.3%) patients died. The main causes of death were sepsis and disease activity. The five- and 10-year survival rates for the total cohort were 97.4% and 96.3%, respectively, and were 96% and 92%, respectively for those with nephritis (p = 0.008). Autoimmune hemolytic anemia, thrombocytopenia, elevated serum creatinine, a higher damage index, infections, a higher glucocorticoid dose and cyclophosphamide use ≥ six months were associated with an increased risk of mortality with odds ratios of 3.69, p < 0.01; 4.12, p < 0.001; 1.54, p < 0.001; 1.43, p < 0.001; 5.08, p < 0.001; 5.04, p < 0.001 and 2.25, p = 0.03, respectively. Conclusion: Compared to other cohorts, a relatively lower mean age at systemic lupus erythematosus onset and higher frequencies of oral ulcers, serositis and nephritis were found. ER  - 
Early symptoms of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) recalled by 339 SLE patients$$$ Objective: The European League Against Rheumatism and the American College of Rheumatology jointly embarked on a new classification criteria for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) project. Its first phase involved generation of a broad set of items potentially useful for classification of SLE. This study was undertaken to add the patient perspective to an expert Delphi approach and an early patient cohort study. Methods: A national cross-sectional study was conducted. A self-report questionnaire was published in the “Schmetterling” (Butterfly), the quarterly journal of the German SLE patient association. Individuals with SLE were asked to anonymously complete the questionnaire, which asked for demographic details, organ manifestations, autoantibodies and symptoms. Results: A total of 339 completed questionnaires out of 2498 were returned, a response rate of 13.6%; 83.2% reported they were ANA positive and 81.7% reported joint, 66.1% skin and 33.0% renal involvement. For the time before and in the first year after their SLE diagnosis, the majority reported fatigue (89.4%), joint pain (86.7%), photosensitivity (79.4%) and myalgia (76.1%). Of interest, more than half of the patients reported fever as an early symptom (53.7%). Conclusion: For a Caucasian European SLE patient population, the overall characteristics suggest meaningful representation. While many symptoms were reported as expected, the high percentage of patients reporting fever and the significant number of patients with unexpected gastrointestinal complaints are of particular interest. These data add to the information on early SLE symptoms informing the development process of new SLE classification criteria. ER  - 
Clinical diagnosis and treatment of pediatric anti-n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis: A single center retrospective study$$$ The aim of the present retrospective study was to investigate the diagnosis, treatment and prognosis of pediatric anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDAR) encephalitis. A total of 23 pediatric patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis were included in the present study. The clinical data, laboratory test results, imaging examination, treatment outcomes, and follow-up records were reviewed and analyzed. A total of 8 patients exhibited prodromal symptoms, including fever, cough, and vomiting. Clinical symptoms included epilepsy, convulsions, ataxia, coma, dyskinesia, personal behavior change and hallucinations. A total of 20 cases had the initial neurologic symptoms of dyskinesia or seizure, whereas 3 cases exhibited psychiatric symptoms of personal behavior change and hallucinations. Furthermore, pediatric patients >6 years old had more psychiatric symptoms than those ≤6 years. A total of 20 cases exhibited abnormal elec-troencephalography records, with 1 case of extreme δ brush. A total of 10 cases exhibited abnormal brain magnetic resonance imaging detection. Furthermore, the CSF protein contents for pediatric patients ≤6 years old was significantly higher than those >6 years. For treatment, 18 pediatric patients received the first-line treatment of methylprednisone and intravenous injection of immunoglobulin, and 6 cases were subjected to the second-line treatment of rituximab. A total of 2 patients underwent plasma exchange and/or cyclophosphamide treatment. In follow-up, 12 cases reported no convulsion, whereas 11 cases had moderate or severe neurological and psychiatric sequelae. The recovery rate for pediatric patients ≤6 years old was significantly higher than those >6 years. Anti-NMDAR encephalitis is commonly seen in pediatric patients, mainly with initial neurological symptoms. These patients could respond to immunotherapy, and younger pediatric patients typically have a better prognosis. ER  - 
Use of brivaracetam in genetic generalized epilepsies and for acute, intravenous treatment of absence status epilepticus$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to evaluate effectiveness, retention, and tolerability of brivaracetam (BRV) in genetic generalized epilepsies (GGE) in clinical practice. Methods: A multicenter, retrospective cohort study recruiting all patients that started BRV in 2016 and 2017. Results: A total of 61 patients (mean age = 29.8, range = 9-90 years, 41 female [67%]) were treated with BRV. They were difficult to control, with 2.4 failed antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in the past, taking 1.9 AEDs on average at baseline. The length of exposure to BRV ranged from 7 days to 24 months, with a mean retention time of 7.9 months, resulting in a total exposure time to BRV of 483 months. The retention rate was 82% at 3 months and 69% at 6 months. Efficacy at 3 months was 36% (50% responder rate), with 25% seizure-free for 3 months. Patients with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy showed a responder rate of 60%, with 40% being free of any seizures. Long-term 50% responder rate was present in 17 patients (28%; 11 seizure-free [18%]) for >6 months and in 14 patients (23%; 10 seizure-free [16%]) for >12 months. Treatment-emergent adverse events were observed in 26% of the patients, with the most common being somnolence, ataxia, and psychobehavioral adverse events. Use of intravenous BRV with bolus injection of 200-300 mg in two females with absence status epilepticus was well tolerated, but did not result in cessation of status epilepticus. Significance: Use of BRV in GGE is well tolerated, and 50% responder rates are similar to those observed in the regulatory trials for focal epilepsies. An immediate switch from levetiracetam (LEV) to BRV at a ratio of 15:1 is feasible. The occurrence of psychobehavioral adverse events seems less prominent than under LEV, and a switch to BRV can be considered in patients with LEV-induced adverse events. ER  - 
In utero SSRI and SNRI exposure and the risk of neurodevelopmental outcomes in children: A population-based retrospective cohort study utilizing linked administrative data$$$ Background: Studies have demonstrated an association between the risk of neurodevelopmental disorders in children and exposure in utero to serotonergic antidepressants. However, these studies are limited by confounding by history of maternal depression, disease severity, and use of limited populations. We overcome previous limitations by conducting a population-level analysis of women diagnosed with mood/anxiety disorder, restricting our analysis to patients for whom pharmacotherapy is clearly indicated Objectives: To investigate risk of neurodevelopmental disorders in children exposed in utero to SSRIs/SNRIs, including: autism spectrum disorder, attention-Deficit hyperactivity disorder and epilepsy. Methods: Using linked population-based administrative data, we identified all mother-newborn pairs in Manitoba (born 1996 to 2009, with follow-up through 2014). High dimensional propensity scores and inverse probability treatment weighting were used to address confounding by indication and disease severity. The final trimmed cohort consisted of mothers who were diagnosed with a mood/anxiety disorder from 90 days prior to conception until delivery (n = 4995). We used Cox Proportional Hazard Regression models to estimate risk of Autism Spectrum Disorder, epilepsy and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in their offspring. Results: Among the cohort of mothers diagnosed with a mood/anxiety disorder during pregnancy or up to 90 days before, 16.8% received at least two dispensations of an SSRI or SNRI during pregnancy. We did not observe an association between use of SSRIs/SNRIs during pregnancy and increased risk of Autism Spectrum Disorder (hazard ratio 0.92 95% CI 0.42 to 2.03), epilepsy (hazard ratio 1.21 95% CI 0.48 to 3.05), or ADHD (hazard ratio 1.13, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.64) among offspring. Conclusions: In a large population level sample, in utero exposure to serotonergic antidepressants compared with no exposure does not increase risk of ASD, epilepsy or ADHD among children of women who have prenatal mood/anxiety disorder. ER  - 
Neurological adverse events with baclofen among clinical sub-populations with and without alcohol use disorders, HIV, and HCV$$$ Background: Baclofen has efficacy for the treatment of unhealthy alcohol use but can cause neurological adverse events. Patients with alcohol use disorders (AUD), human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), or hepatitis C virus (HCV) may be at increased risk. Objectives: To determine the impact of AUD, HIV, and HCV on the incidence and risk for neurological adverse events and related sequelae associated with baclofen exposure. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study in the Veterans Aging Cohort Study (VACS), a US national cohort of all HIV+ patients, and 1:2 matched uninfected controls receiving care in the Veterans Health Administration (VA). Patients who first received baclofen (BACLO+), for any indication, between 2002 and 2015, were compared with propensity-score matched, baclofen unexposed (BACLO-) patients. Index date was defined as prescription release date for BACLO+ patients and a randomly selected outpatient visit date from a prescribing station for BACLO-. We used ICD-9 outpatient diagnoses to determine 6-month incidence of a combined outcome of falls or fractures, seizures, or altered mental status, excluding those who had an outcome within 1 year prior to baseline. We used Poisson regression models to calculate incidence rates (IR) and rate ratios (RR) stratified by AUD, HIV, and HCV status and baclofen dose. Models were adjusted for age, total medication count, and VACS Index (a measure of physiologic injury). Results: There were no demographic or clinical differences between 7798 BACLO+ and 27 637 BACLO- PS-matched patients (all p > 0.07). Patients in the PS-matched sample had median age of 53 years, were mostly male (96%), 49% were black, 40% were white, 25% had a lifetime AUD, 22% had a current AUD, 9% were HIV-/ HCV+, 19% were HIV+/HCV-, and 7% were HIV+/HCV+. The crude IR for the combined outcome per 100 person-years (PY) was 7.35 (95% CI 6.20-8.71) among BACLO+ and 4.66 (95% CI 4.16-5.22) among BACLO- patients. BACLO+ patients with a current AUD or HIV/HCV co-infection were at highest risk. In adjusted analyses, BACLO+ patients were 49% more likely to experience an adverse event than BACLO- patients (95% CI 1.21-1.83). BACLO+ patients with HIV or an average daily dose >30 mg were 85% and three times, respectively, more likely to experience an adverse event than their BACLO- counterparts. Conclusions: Patients who received baclofen, particularly those with HIV infection or prescribed higher doses, are at increased risk for neurological adverse events and their sequelae. ER  - 
Benzodiazepine prescribing for children, adolescents, and young adults from 2006 through 2013: A total population register-linkage study$$$ Background: Pharmacoepidemiological studies have long raised concerns on widespread use of benzodiazepines and benzodiazepine-related drugs (BZDs), in particular long-term use, among adults and the elderly. In contrast, evidence pertaining to the rates of BZD use at younger ages is still scarce, and the factors that influence BZD utilisation and shape the different prescribing patterns in youths remain largely unexplored. We examined the prevalence rates, relative changes in rates over time, and prescribing patterns for BZD dispensation in young people aged 0–24 years in Sweden during the period January 1, 2006–December 31, 2013, and explored demographic, clinical, pharmacological, and prescriber-related attributes of BZD prescribing in this group. Methods and findings: Through the linkage of 3 nationwide Swedish health and administrative registers, we collected data on 17,500 children (0–11 years), 15,039 adolescents (12–17 years), and 85,200 young adults (18–24 years) with at least 1 dispensed prescription for a BZD during 2006–2013, out of 3,726,818 Swedish inhabitants aged 0–24 years. Age-specific annual prevalence rates of BZD dispensations were adjusted for population growth, and relative changes in rates were calculated between 2006 and 2013. We analysed how BZD dispensation varied by sex, psychiatric morbidity and epilepsy, concurrent dispensation of psychotropic medication, type of dispensed BZD, and type of healthcare provider prescribing the BZD. Prescribing patterns were established in relation to duration (3 months, >3 to ≤6 months, or >6 months), dosage (<0.5 defined daily dosage [DDD]/day, ≥0.5 to <1.5 DDD/day, or ≥1.5 DDD/day), and “user category” (“regular users” [≥0.5 to <1.5 DDD/day for ≥1 year], “heavy users” [≥1.5 DDD/day for ≥1 year], or otherwise “occasional users”). Multinomial regression models were fitted to test associations between BZD prescribing patterns and individual characteristics of study participants. Between 2006 and 2013, the prevalence rate of BZD dispensation among individuals aged 0–24 years increased by 22% from 0.81 per 100 inhabitants to 0.99 per 100 inhabitants. This increase was mainly driven by a rise in the rate among young adults (+20%), with more modest increases in children (+3%) and adolescents (+7%). Within each age category, overall dispensation of BZD anxiolytics and clonazepam decreased over time, while dispensation of BZD hypnotics/sedatives, including Z-drugs, showed an increase between 2006 and 2013. Out of 117,739 study participants with dispensed BZD prescriptions, 65% initiated BZD prescriptions outside of psychiatric services (92% of children, 60% of adolescents, 60% of young adults), and 76% were dispensed other psychotropic drugs concurrently with a BZD (46% of children, 80% of adolescents, 81% of young adults). Nearly 30% of the participants were prescribed a BZD for longer than 6 months (18% of children, 31% of adolescents, 31% of young adults). A high dose prescription (≥1.5 DDD/day) and heavy use were detected in 2.6% and 1.7% of the participants, respectively. After controlling for potential confounding by demographic and clinical characteristics, the characteristics age above 11 years at the first BZD dispensation, lifetime psychiatric diagnosis or epilepsy, and concurrent dispensation of other psychotropic drugs were found to be associated with higher odds of being prescribed a BZD for longer than 6 months, high dose prescription, and heavy use. Male sex was associated with a higher likelihood of high dose prescription and heavy use, but not with being prescribed a BZD on a long-term basis (> 6 months). The study limitations included lack of information on actual consumption of the dispensed BZDs and unavailability of data on the indications for BZD prescriptions. Conclusions: The overall increase in prevalence rates of BZD dispensations during the study period and the unexpectedly high proportion of individuals who were prescribed a BZD on a long-term basis at a young age indicate a lack of congruence with international and national guidelines. These findings highlight the need for close monitoring of prescribing practices, particularly in non-psychiatric settings, in order to build an evidence base for safe and efficient BZD treatment in young persons. ER  - 
Diagnoses and other predictors of patient absenteeism in an outpatient neurology clinic$$$ Background We sought to determine the neurologic diagnosis or diagnostic categories that are associated with a higher probability of honoring a scheduled follow-up visit in the outpatient clinic. Methods We conducted a retrospective analysis of patients evaluated over a 3-year period (July 2014-June 2017) at a single neurology clinic in an urban location. Adult patients who honored an initial scheduled outpatient appointment were included. Only diagnoses with a ≥0.5% prevalence at our center were analyzed. Mixed-effects logistic regression was used to determine association of independent variables and honored follow-up visits. Results Of 61,232 scheduled outpatient subsequent encounters for 20,729 unique patients, the overall absenteeism rate was 12.5% (95% confidence interval [CI] 12.2%-12.8%). Independent risk factors associated with absenteeism included younger age, black or Latino race/ethnicity, Medicaid/Medicare payor status, and longer delay from appointment scheduling to appointment date. In mixed-effects logistic regression, diagnoses associated with the lowest odds of showing were medication overuse headache (show rate 79.2%, odds ratio [OR] for honoring appointment 0.67, 95% CI 0.48-0.93) and depression (rate 85.9%, OR 0.82, 95% CI 0.70-0.97), whereas the diagnoses associated with the greatest odds of showing included Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (rate 96.3%, OR 2.54, 95% CI 1.44-4.49) and aphasia (rate 95.9%, OR 2.34, 95% CI 1.28-4.30). Conclusions Certain chronic neurologic diseases, such as medication overuse headache and depression, were associated with a significantly lower odds of honoring scheduled follow-up conditions. As these conditions influence quality of life and productivity, patients with these illnesses may benefit from selective targeting to encourage adherence with scheduled follow-up appointments. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and suicide-related behavior: Is it the drug or comorbidity?$$$ Background We sought to compare trends of suicide-related behavior (SRB) before and after initiation of antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy among AED users (with and without epilepsy) to that of individuals without AED use controlling for sociodemographic characteristics and mental health comorbidity. Methods We used national Veterans Health Administration (VHA) data for post-9/11 veterans who received VHA care (2013-2014) without prior AED use. We conducted generalized estimation equation (GEE) analyses, stratified by epilepsy status and type of AED received, to assess the trend of SRB prevalence the year prior to and after the index date (date of first AED prescription/date of first health care encounter for non-AED users) controlling for sociodemographic factors and mental health comorbidity. Results The GEE analysis showed significant curvilinear trends of SRB prevalence over the 24-month study period among the AED users, indicating that the probability of SRB diagnoses increased over time with a peak before the index month and decreased thereafter. Similar patterns were observed among non-AED users, but significantly lower odds for SRB. Among AED users, there were no significant differences by epilepsy status; however, higher SRB prevalence and differential SRB trajectory measures were observed among those who received AEDs with mood-stabilizing action. Conclusions The peak of SRB prior to and rapid reduction in SRB after initiation of AED, and the finding that individuals eventually prescribed a mood-stabilizing AED (vs other AED or levetiracetam) had higher odds of SRB, suggests a strong possibility that the relationship of AED and SRB is one of residual confounding. ER  - 
Perampanel as adjunctive therapy in highly refractory epilepsies: Real-world data from an Italian tertiary care epilepsy centre$$$ Perampanel (PER) is a selective non-competitive α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionic acid (AMPA) receptor antagonist, licensed as adjunctive therapy in focal epilepsy and primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures (pGTCSs). We performed a retrospective study on highly refractory adult patients taking PER, with 1-year follow-up. Retention rate represented the primary outcome of our work; seizure frequency reduction (≥50%), “switch rate” and proportion of adverse events (AEs) were evaluated as secondary endpoints. Eighty-nine subjects (47 females, age range: 19–78 years) were included. Seventy-three had focal epilepsy (FE), 9 generalized epilepsy and 7 epileptic encephalopathy. All patients were highly drug-resistant (medication failures: 5–17). Retention rate was 87.6%, 63% and 51.7% at 3, 6 and 12 months. Responders were 27/89 (30.3%), with 8/27 seizure-free. The number of previous treatment failures and the concomitant use of enzyme inducers negatively influenced clinical response, whereas no correlation was documented between PER dose and outcome. Responder proportion was more satisfying in structural FE than in FE of unknown etiology (33% versus 20%), and in secondarily GTCSs than focal seizures (54% vs 28%), whereas pGTCSs showed a lower reponse rate (25%). Mild-to-moderate AEs (mainly dizziness, gait disturbances and psychiatric effects) were reported by 40% of patients; serious psychiatric AEs usually occurred in subjects with psychiatric comorbidities. Our study confirms the tolerability and effectiveness of PER in highly drug-resistant patients with different epilepsy syndromes and aetiologies. ER  - 
Assessing patients' acceptance of their medication to reveal unmet needs: Results from a large multi-diseases study using a patient online community$$$ Background: Patients with chronic conditions are required to take long-term treatments for their disease itself or to prevent any potential health risks. Measuring patient acceptance of their medication should help to better understand and predict patients' behavior toward treatment. This study aimed to describe the level of patient acceptance toward various long-term treatments in real life using an online patient community. Methods: This was an observational, cross-sectional study conducted through the French Carenity platform. All Carenity patient members were invited to complete an online questionnaire including the 25-item ACCEptance by the Patients of their Treatment (ACCEPT©) questionnaire. ACCEPT© measures patient acceptance toward their medication and includes one general acceptance dimension (Acceptance/General) and six treatment-attribute specific dimensions (scores 0-100; lowest to highest acceptance): Acceptance/Medication Inconvenience, Acceptance/Long-term Treatment, Acceptance/Regimen Constraints, Acceptance/Side effects, Acceptance/Effectiveness, and Acceptance/Numerous Medications. Patients included in the analysis were treated adults experiencing any chronic diseases and who responded to at least one ACCEPT© item. Results: Among the 4193 patients included in the analysis, more than 270 chronic diseases were represented, amidst which 19 included more than 30 patients. Mean ACCEPT© Acceptance/General score for those 19 diseases were 61.2 (SD = 31.9) for type 1 diabetes, 59.8 (SD = 32.3) for asthma, 56.3 (SD = 34.3) for hypertension, 52.0 (SD = 32.2) for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, 51.7 (SD = 27.0) for epilepsy, 50.1 (SD = 33.1) for bipolar disorder, 49.9 (SD = 33.1) for type 2 diabetes, 48.6 (SD = 31.6) for multiple sclerosis, 46.1 (SD = 34.5) for Crohn's disease/ulcerative colitis, 44.3 (SD = 31.5) for depression, 42.8 (SD = 31.5) for lupus, 42.3 (SD = 33.0) for arthrosis, 41.8 (SD = 32.6) for Parkinson's disease, 40.5 (SD = 32.2) for rheumatoid arthritis, 38.6 (SD = 31.7) for breast cancer, 36.4 (SD = 36.4) for myocardial infarction, 35.8 (SD = 32.0) for ankylosing spondylitis, 34.1 (SD = 32.3) for psoriasis, and 33.7 (SD = 31.7) for fibromyalgia. Conclusions: This first of its kind study enabled ACCEPT© data to be collected in real life for a variety of chronic diseases. These data may help in evaluating and interpreting levels of acceptance in future studies and provide valuable insights about patient priorities and current unmet needs. ER  - 
Causes of death in a series of decedents with cerebral palsy in a medicolegal context$$$ Retrospective analysis was undertaken of all autopsy reports where cerebral palsy had been documented at Forensic Science SA, South Australia, over an 18 year period from 1998–2015. Forty-eight cases were identified (M:F 29:19; age range 2–78 years; mean 37.8 years). The majority of deaths were due to respiratory complications (N = 17; 35.4%), with pneumonia being responsible for 12 fatalities (25%). Cardiovascular disease was the next leading cause of death (N = 9; 18.8%), with ischaemic heart disease accounting for eight fatalities (16.7%) Other categories of death were epilepsy (N = 8; 16.7%), gastrointestinal complications (N = 5; 10.4%), burns (N = 2; 4.2%), and miscellaneous (N = 7; 14.6%). The highest number of deaths occurred from 31–40 years (N = 11), followed by 21–30 years (N = 10). The number of deaths increased over time, with nine deaths from 1998–2003, 19 from 2004–2009, and 20 from 2010–2015. While cerebral palsy is associated with reduced life expectancy, survival into later adult life is possible. ER  - 
Profile of forensic state patients at a psychiatric unit in KwaZulu Natal, South Africa: demographic, clinical and forensic factors$$$ State patients are mentally ill offenders whose charges involved serious offences. Research on association between psychiatric morbidity and offences is important however data from Southern Africa is limited. To examine the demographic, clinical and forensic characteristics of state patients, and to evaluate the determinants of offending by an investigation of the association between mental illness and other variables (offence, comorbidity). Retrospective record review of state patients admitted to a forensic unit in KwaZulu-Natal from the 1 June 2013 to the 31 May 2016. Most patients were male (n = 90, 98.90%), single (n = 89, 97.8%), unemployed (n = 89, 97.80%) and had a diagnosis of intellectual disability (n = 33, 36.26%). Majority of participants had comorbid diagnoses (n = 70, 76.92%) and most of them (n = 52, 57.14%) had substance use disorder. Forty (43.96%) patients had past forensic history and 18 (72.5%) were non-adherent with treatment. Offences were predominantly against persons (n = 80, 87.91%), and rape was the most common offence (n = 50, 54.95%). Findings regarding diagnosis and offence were not consistent with the literature and suggest the need to explore the differences further. A better understanding of the association between mental health and crime in resource restrained settings may assist in developing appropriate prevention and rehabilitation programmes. ER  - 
Outcome of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures with limited resources: A longitudinal study$$$ Purpose: The aim of the current study was to investigate the long-term outcome of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and factors potentially associated with their outcome in Iran. Methods: We investigated all patients with PNES admitted to the epilepsy monitoring unit at the Shiraz Comprehensive Epilepsy Center from 2008 through 2013. Patients included in this study had a confirmed diagnosis of PNES. In a phone call interview to the patients in December 2017, we obtained the following information: seizure outcome (seizure-free during the past 12 months or not), history of receiving any psychotherapy after confirming their diagnosis in the past, and number of psychotherapy sessions the patient had received. Results: Eighty-six patients (54 females and 32 males) met the inclusion criteria. Seventy-four (86%) patients did not receive appropriate psychotherapy. Forty-seven (54.7%) patients were seizure-free during the past 12 months. Age at onset (P = 0.02), education (P = 0.01), and taking psychiatric drugs (P = 0.007) were associated with this outcome. Conclusions: Resources to treat patients with PNES are limited in Iran; however, more than half of the patients became free of seizures. Lower education, comorbid psychiatric problems, and a later age at the onset of seizures may affect the seizure outcome in patients with PNES. Well-designed multi-center cross-cultural long-term studies should address factors associated with outcome in patients with PNES, considering that seizure frequency should not be the only outcome measure. ER  - 
Clinical spectrum of psychogenic non epileptic seizures in children$$$ an observational study; Purpose: The current study was designed to analyze the clinical spectrum of Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in children. Methods: Children aged 6–16years with clinically suspected PNES, confirmed by short-term VEEG (STVEEG{video electroencephalogram}) and induction were classified as per Seneviratne classification. Stressors, associated co morbidities, Verbal IQ (Intelligence Quotient) and behavioral abnormalities were assessed using HTP(House tree person) test, DSM IV (Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders) TR criteria, MISIC (Malin intelligence scale for Indian children) and CBCL (Child behaviour checklist). Results: Eighty children with PNES {45 boys; mean age: 10.5 (±1.6) years} were enrolled. Median delay in diagnosis was 5 months {IQR(interquartile range)- 0.5 to 48 months}) and 45% patients were already on AEDs (antiepileptic drugs). Commonest semiology was dialeptic (42.5%), followed by mixed (28.8%), motor (15%) and nonepileptic aura (13.8%). Family stressors were the commonest followed by school related issues. The most common psychiatric comorbidity was adjustment disorder. Somatic complaints were observed in 50% children. Conclusions: Dialeptic PNES is commonest in children. In resource constrained settings, STVEEG along with induction is a reliable method to diagnose PNES. A comprehensive assessment protocol (including assessment of stressors) is needed for holistic management of pediatric PNES. ER  - 
Risk Factors for In-Hospital Seizures and New-Onset Epilepsy in Coil Embolization of Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage$$$ Objective: This study aimed to determine risk factors for inpatient seizures and long-term epilepsy in patients receiving coil embolization for aneurysm-associated subarachnoid hemorrhage. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted for patients admitted to the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center from 2010 to 2014 for subarachnoid hemorrhage. Only patients with coil embolization were included. Variables such as subdural hematoma, cerebral infarction, postoperative vasospasm, cerebral edema, and mass effect were collected. After discharge, patients were followed up to determine whether epilepsy had developed. The χ2 test was used to assess univariate associations. Multivariable associations were assessed with a binary logistic regression model. Results: The study included 175 patients, of whom 16 (9.1%) of the patients had seizures while they were inpatients. Five out of 73 patients met the criteria for epilepsy at follow-up. None of the patients with epilepsy after discharge had electrographic seizures while hospitalized. Vasospasm (odds ratio [OR] 6.88, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.81–26.25), and Hunt and Hess grade 5 (OR 26.16, 95% CI 3.95–173.49) were significantly associated with in-hospital seizures in a multivariable analysis. Epileptiform discharges on electroencephalogram (EEG) were significantly associated with mass effect findings on brain imaging (OR 3.5, CI 1.05–11.69). Conclusion: Hunt and Hess grade 5 and vasospasm are independent risk factors for in-hospital seizures. In addition, mass effect is an independent risk factor for epileptiform discharges on EEG. Patients with these risk factors may benefit from continuous EEG. Our results may indicate that there is no association between electrographic seizures and development of epilepsy. ER  - 
Adverse Childhood Experiences and Young Adult Health Outcomes Among Youth Aging Out of Foster Care$$$ Objective: Former youth in foster care (YFC) are at greater risk of chronic health conditions than their peers. Although research in general population samples has shown a dose–response relationship between adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) and adult health outcomes, few studies have conducted similar analyses in highly stress-exposed populations such as YFC. In this study we used person-centered latent class analysis methods to examine the relationship between different profiles of ACE exposures and divergent health trajectories among this high-risk population. Methods: Data are from longitudinal research that followed transition-age YFC from age 17 to 26 (N = 732). Using 3 subgroups previously identified by their ACEs histories—complex, environmental, and lower adversity groups—we applied group mean statistics to test for differences between the groups for physical and sexual health outcomes in young adulthood. Results: In contrast to previous research that showed that the environmental group was at the highest risk of criminalbehavior outcomes, for most of the physical and sexual health risk outcomes evaluated in this study, the complex adversity group had the highest risk. Conclusions: This study shows that there are subgroups of YFC, which each have a distinct profile of risk in young adulthood, with the complex group being at highest risk of the physical and sexual health risk outcomes evaluated. Findings strongly suggest the need for targeted strategies to promote screening for ACEs and chronic health conditions, linkage to adult health care, and continuity of care for adolescents and young adults in foster care to offset these trajectories. ER  - 
The Giving Parents Support Study: A randomized clinical trial of a parent navigator intervention to improve outcomes after neonatal intensive care unit discharge$$$ Parents of infants hospitalized in a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) experience increased anxiety and stress, which may persist after discharge. The rationale and design of a randomized clinical trial assessing the impact of a 1-year, post-discharge, peer support intervention (parent navigation) on parental mental health and infant health care utilization is described. Qualitative methods guided the adaptation of an existing parent support program to target emotional and resource-related needs of NICU families. Approximately 300 parent-infant dyads were enrolled at discharge and randomized to either receive a care notebook (control group) or a parent navigator and a care notebook (intervention group). We aim to determine if the parent navigator intervention: 1) increases self-efficacy and decreases stress in parents, 2) decreases overall levels of anxiety and depression in parents, 3) decreases infant hospitalizations and emergency department visits, and 4) increases adherence to infant vaccination recommendations during 1 year of follow-up. Standardized, self-reported psychological scales to assess parent depression, anxiety, self-efficacy and social support were administered at baseline (NICU discharge) and at 1-week, 1-, 3-, 6- and 12-month intervals. Infant immunization status and health care utilization during the study period were also assessed. This paper reviews challenges and successes during implementation. If this intervention improves outcomes, NICUs may choose to provide similar parent navigation services for infants and families transitioning from the NICU to home. This study was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02643472) on December 31, 2015. ER  - 
Prevalence of rearrangements in the 22q11.2 region and population-based risk of neuropsychiatric and developmental disorders in a Danish population: a case-cohort study$$$ Background: Although the pathogenic nature of copy number variants (CNVs) on chromosome 22q11.2 has been recognised for decades, unbiased estimates of their population prevalence, mortality, disease risks, and diagnostic trajectories are absent. We aimed to provide the true population prevalence of 22q11.2 CNVs and associated trajectory of disease risk and mortality by use of the unbiased, representative Danish iPSYCH population case cohort. Methods: This case-cohort study was done on a population of 86 189 individuals selected from the iPSYCH case cohort of 1 472 762 singletons born in Denmark between May 1, 1981, and Dec 31, 2005, who have a known mother from the Danish Civil Registration System, were residents in Denmark at 1 year of age, and enrolled in the iPSYCH Initiative. We used epidemiological methods in conjunction with nationwide hospital registers to analyse the iPSYCH case cohort of individuals with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), major depressive disorder, schizophrenia, autism, or bipolar disorder and a random population-based sample. The main outcomes assessed were the population prevalence of 22q11.2 rearrangements, and associated unbiased, population-adjusted estimates and 31-year disease risk trajectories for major neuropsychiatric disorders. Findings: Population prevalence in the Danish population was one in 3672 (seven of 25 704 [0·027%; 95% CI 0·012–0·057]) for deletions and one in 1606 (17 of 25 704 [0·066%; 0·040–0·107]) for duplications. Mortality after the age of 1 year among carriers was zero, and hazard ratios for neuropsychiatric disorders ranged from 2·60 to 82·44 for both rearrangements. By the age of 32 years, about 10% of individuals with deletions or duplications had developed ADHD, autism, or intellectual disability, and deletion carriers had higher probability than duplication carriers of co-occurring intellectual disability or epilepsy. Interpretation: The significantly different prevalence of 22q11.2 duplications and deletions indicates distinct selective pressures on these rearrangements. Although risk of congenital abnormalities, developmental delay, and intellectual disability is elevated in deletion carriers, the overall prevalence of neuropsychiatric disorders is higher in duplication carriers, which implies that identification and clinical monitoring should extend beyond congenital traits and into child and adolescent psychiatry. Funding: Capital Region's Research Foundation for Mental Health Research, The Lundbeck Foundation, and US National Institutes of Health. ER  - 
Marijuana misadventures in children: Exploration of a dose-response relationship and summary of clinical effects and outcomes$$$ Objectives This study aimed to explore a dose-response relationship of delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) in THC-naïve children after unintentional acute exposure and compare clinical outcomes with non-naïve children. Methods A retrospective review was performed on children aged 31 days to 20 years who presented to Children's Hospital Colorado for care related to acute THC toxicity. The children were divided into groups based on exposure: group 1 (THC naïve) and group 2 (THC non-naïve). Results A total of 38 children (age, 3.5 [3] years) met inclusion for group 1 and an equal number of children (age, 15.1 [3.9] years) met the criteria for comparison in group 2. Eight naïve patients had documentation of estimated THC dose ingested (mean [SD], 7.13 [5.8] mg/kg; range, 2.9-19.5 mg/kg). A direct relationship between estimated oral THC dose, level of medical intervention required, and hospital disposition was observed. Lethargy/somnolence was more common in the naïve group (84% vs. 26%, P < 0.0001) whereas problems in cognition, perception, and behavior were more common in the non-naïve group (4% vs 11%, P = 0.01). The duration of clinical effect and length of hospital stay were longer in the naïve group (19.3 vs 5.0 hours, P < 0.0001) and (0.73 vs 0.19 days, P < 0.0001) respectively. Conclusions There seems to be a direct relationship between the estimated oral THC dose (mg/kg), hospital disposition, and level of medical intervention required. Symptoms and duration of effects after THC exposure varied based on the route of exposure, age of patient, and history of previous THC experience. ER  - 
Inborn errors of metabolism associated with psychosis: literature review and case–control study using exome data from 5090 adult individuals$$$ A literature review was conducted, using the computerized “Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man” (OMIM) and PubMed, to identify inborn errors of metabolism (IEM) in which psychosis may be a predominant feature or the initial presenting symptom. Different combinations of the following keywords were searched using OMIM: “psychosis”, “schizophrenia”, or “hallucinations” and “metabolic”, “inborn error of metabolism”, “inborn errors of metabolism”, “biochemical genetics”, or “metabolic genetics”. The OMIM search generated 126 OMIM entries, 40 of which were well known IEM. After removing IEM lacking evidence in PubMed for an association with psychosis, 29 OMIM entries were identified. Several of these IEM are treatable. They involve different small organelles (lysosomes, peroxisomes, mitochondria), iron or copper accumulation, as well as defects in other met-abolic pathways (e.g., defects leading to hyperammonemia or homocystinemia). A clinical checklist summarizing the key features of these conditions and a guide to clinical approach are provided. The genes corresponding to each of these con-ditions were identified. Whole exome data from 2545 adult cases with schizophrenia and 2545 unrelated controls, accessed via the Database of Genotypes and Phenotypes (dbGaP), were analyzed for rare functional variants in these genes. The odds ratio of having a rare functional variant in cases versus controls was calculated for each gene. Eight genes are significantly associated with schizophrenia (p < 0.05, OR >1) using an unselected group of adult patients with schizophrenia. Increased awareness of clinical clues for these IEM will optimize referrals and timely metabolic interventions. ER  - 
Pyridoxine Add-On Treatment for the Control of Behavioral Adverse Effects Induced by Levetiracetam in Children: A Case-Control Prospective Study$$$ Background: Few studies on adult and pediatric patients have shown pyridoxine efficacy as additional therapy for those receiving levetiracetam (LEV) to prevent and mitigate behavioral adverse effects (BAEs). Objective: The aim of our study was to analyze the safety and efficacy of pyridoxine supplementation in the prevention of LEV adverse effects, including suicidal ideation. Methods: This randomized, case-control trial included patients receiving LEV as monotherapy treatment. Patients were subdivided into 2 groups, according to whether they were treated with LEV only (group 1) or LEV with supplemental pyridoxine (group 2). Results: In both cohorts, the most frequent BAEs were irritability/aggression followed by depression and confusion. Those patients (92%) who initiated pyridoxine after 1 month of LEV treatment did not need to change or suspend LEV (P < 0.001), and BAE improved after 9.06 ± 3.05 days of pyridoxine supplementation. None of the patients complained of symptoms of pyridoxine toxicity, and no new adverse effects of LEV off-label were reported. Conclusions: In our study, we found pyridoxine to be safe and effective in controlling LEV-induced BAEs in children. ER  - 
Efficacy of Propranolol, Bisoprolol, and Pyridostigmine for Postural Tachycardia Syndrome: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Postural tachycardia syndrome (POTS) is a form of dysautonomia which presents with complex symptoms including orthostatic intolerance. Several medications are prescribed for POTS; however, the efficacy of sustained medical treatment has not been well-investigated. Here, we conducted a 2 × 2 factorial design, randomized, clinical trial of a 3-month medical treatment regimen in POTS patients. Patients were randomly allocated to 4 treatment groups (Group 1: propranolol; Group 2: bisoprolol; Group 3: propranolol + pyridostigmine; Group 4: bisoprolol + pyridostigmine). The orthostatic intolerance questionnaire (OIQ), Beck depression inventory-II (BDI-II), and short-form health survey (SF-36) were conducted at baseline, 1 and 3 months after treatment. Seventy-seven patients who completed the 3-month follow-up were analyzed. In total, every clinical score improved significantly after medical treatment. The OIQ score was significantly lower than that at baseline (18.5 ± 6.7) after 1 month (12.5 ± 4.5, P < 0.01), which decreased further after 3 months (7.8 ± 5.7, P < 0.01). The OIQ score improvements were consistent across every treatment group. In the subgroup analysis of 59 patients who did not receive antidepressants, the BDI-II score significantly decreased after treatment, regardless of the regimen. Physical components of the SF-36 improved after 3 months in every group, while mental components improved only in Group 3. The amount of changes in each score was similar among groups throughout the comparisons. Sustained medical treatment is beneficial to POTS patients, not only for orthostatic intolerance symptoms but also for depression and diminished quality of life, even without prescriptions for antidepressants. The efficacy of each regimen in POTS patients was comparable. Trial registration: NCT02171988. ER  - 
Initial Clinical Experience of RP5063 Following Single Doses in Normal Healthy Volunteers and Multiple Doses in Patients with Stable Schizophrenia$$$ RP5063 is a multimodal dopamine (D)-serotonin (5-HT) stabilizer with a high affinity for D2/3/4 and 5-HT1A/2A/2B/7 receptors and moderate affinity for the serotonin transporter. Single-dose (10 and 15 mg fasting, 15 mg fed) safety in healthy volunteers and multiple-dose (10, 20, 50, and 100 mg fed, 10 days) safety and pharmacodynamics in patients with stable schizophrenia were defined in two phase I studies. In the single-dose study, 32 treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were observed. Orthostatic hypotension (n = 6), nausea (n = 5), and dizziness (n = 4) were the most common. One serious adverse event (SAE), seen in a patient who should not have been in the study due to a history of seizures, involved brief seizure-like symptoms. In the multiple-dose study, 75 TEAEs were reported. Akathisia (n = 20) and somnolence (n = 14) were the most frequent. No clinically significant changes were seen in glucose or prolactin levels, lipid profiles, weight, or electrocardiographic recordings. In both studies, all TEAEs resolved and none led to withdrawal from the study or death. A pharmacodynamic evaluation reflected significant improvements with RP5063 (P < 0.05) over placebo in an analysis of patients with a baseline Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) score ≥50 for positive subscale scores. Improvements of the Trail Making A and Trail Making B test results were observed for patients treated in the 50 mg dose group for days 5, 10, and 16. These findings indicate that RP5063 is well-tolerated up to 100 mg and displays promising preliminary clinical behavioral and cognition activity signals in patients with stable disease over a 10-day period. ER  - 
The relative effects of patient and hospital factors on postpartum readmissions$$$ Objective: To determine the relative effects of patient and hospital factors on a hospital’s postpartum readmission rate. Study design: This retrospective cohort study was conducted using State Inpatient Databases from California, Florida, and New York between 2004 and 2013. We compared patient and hospital characteristics among hospitals with low and high readmission rates using χ2 tests. Risk-adjusted 30-day readmission rates were calculated for patient, delivery, and hospital characteristics to understand factors affecting readmission using fixed and random effects models. Results: Patients in hospitals with low readmission rates were more likely to be white, to have private insurance and higher incomes, and to have fewer comorbidities. The patient comorbidities with the highest risk-adjusted readmission rates included hypertension (range, 2.14–3.04%), obesity (1.78–2.94%), preterm labor/delivery (2.50–2.60%), and seizure disorder (1.78–3.35%). Delivery complications were associated with increased risk-adjusted readmission rates. Compared to patient characteristics, hospital characteristics did not have a profound impact on readmission risk. Conclusion: Obstetric readmissions were more attributable to patient and demographic characteristics than to hospital characteristics. Readmission metric-based incentives may ultimately penalize hospitals providing high-quality care due to patient characteristics specific to their catchment area. ER  - 
Prevalence, risk factors, and impact on mortality of neuropsychiatric lupus: a prospective, single-center study$$$ Objective: The objective of this paper is to identify the prevalence, risk factors, and impact on mortality of neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE). Methods: Patients from the Hanyang BAE lupus cohort were registered and followed from 1998 to 2015. NPSLE was defined using American College of Rheumatology (ACR) case definitions and Ainiala criteria. Demographics, autoantibodies, Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI), and Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinic (SLICC)/ACR Damage Index were collected at baseline and then annually. Mortality data were derived by linking data from the Korean National Statistics Office. Multivariable logistic regression and Cox regression analysis were conducted in the inception cohort to assess the risk factors and mortality impact of NPSLE. Results: Of 1121 registered patients, 429 (38.3%) had NPSLE manifestations according to ACR criteria and 216 (19.3%) by Ainiala criteria. In multivariable logistic regression analysis, higher SLEDAI (OR 1.08, CI 1.01–1.16, p = 0.02) and antiphospholipid antibody positivity (OR 1.72, CI 1.03–2.87, p = 0.04) at SLE diagnosis increased NPSLE risk, while elevated anti-dsDNA antibodies (OR 0.43, CI 0.24–0.78, p < 0.01) and greater education duration (OR 0.92, CI 0.85–1.00, p = 0.04) showed reduced risk of NPSLE. Cox proportional hazard models demonstrated that presence of NPSLE had a three-fold increased risk of mortality (HR 3.09, CI 1.03–9.21, p = 0.04), especially in patients with focal CNS NPSLE (HR = 7.83, CI 2.12–28.96, p < 0.01). Conclusion: Higher SLEDAI, antiphospholipid antibody positivity, absence of anti-dsDNA antibody at SLE diagnosis, and fewer years of education are risk factors for development of NPSLE. Presence of NPSLE, especially focal CNS NPSLE, increased the risk of mortality in SLE patients. ER  - 
Intermediate-risk meningioma: Initial outcomes from NRG Oncology RTOG 0539$$$ OBJECTIVE This is the first clinical outcomes report of NRG Oncology RTOG 0539, detailing the primary endpoint, 3-year progression-free survival (PFS), compared with a predefined historical control for intermediate-risk meningioma, and secondarily evaluating overall survival (OS), local failure, and prospectively scored adverse events (AEs). METHODS NRG Oncology RTOG 0539 was a Phase II clinical trial allocating meningioma patients to 1 of 3 prognostic groups and management strategies according to WHO grade, recurrence status, and resection extent. For the intermediate-risk group (Group 2), eligible patients had either newly diagnosed WHO Grade II meningioma that had been treated with gross-total resection (GTR; Simpson Grades I-III) or recurrent WHO Grade I meningioma with any resection extent. Pathology and imaging were centrally reviewed. Patients were treated with radiation therapy (RT), either intensity modulated (IMRT) or 3D conformal (3DCRT), 54 Gy in 30 fractions. The RT target volume was defined as the tumor bed and any nodular enhancement (e.g., in patients with recurrent WHO Grade I tumors) with a minimum 8-mm and maximum 15-mm margin, depending on tumor location and setup reproducibility of the RT method. The primary endpoint was 3-year PFS. Results were compared with historical controls (3-year PFS: 70% following GTR alone and 90% with GTR + RT). AEs were scored using NCI Common Toxicity Criteria. RESULTS Fifty-six patients enrolled in the intermediate-risk group, of whom 3 were ineligible and 1 did not receive RT. Of the 52 patients who received protocol therapy, 4 withdrew without a recurrence before 3 years leaving 48 patients evaluable for the primary endpoint, 3-year PFS, which was actuarially 93.8% (p = 0.0003). Within 3 years, 3 patients experienced events affecting PFS: 1 patient with a WHO Grade II tumor died of the disease, 1 patient with a WHO Grade II tumor had disease progression but remained alive, and 1 patient with recurrent WHO Grade I meningioma died of undetermined cause without tumor progression. The 3-year actuarial local failure rate was 4.1%, and the 3-year OS rate was 96%. After 3 years, progression occurred in 2 additional patients: 1 patient with recurrent WHO Grade I meningioma and 1 patient with WHO Grade II disease; both remain alive. Among 52 evaluable patients who received protocol treatment, 36 (69.2%) had WHO Grade II tumors and underwent GTR, and 16 (30.8%) had recurrent WHO Grade I tumors. There was no significant difference in PFS between these subgroups (p = 0.52, HR 0.56, 95% CI 0.09-3.35), validating their consolidation. Of the 52 evaluable patients, 44 (84.6%) received IMRT, and 50 (96.2%) were treated per protocol or with acceptable variation. AEs (definitely, probably, or possibly related to protocol treatment) were limited to Grade 1 or 2, with no reported Grade 3 events. CONCLUSIONS This is the first clinical outcomes report from NRG Oncology RTOG 0539. Patients with intermediaterisk meningioma treated with RT had excellent 3-year PFS, with a low rate of local failure and a low risk of AEs. These results support the use of postoperative RT for newly diagnosed gross-totally resected WHO Grade II or recurrent WHO Grade I meningioma irrespective of resection extent. They also document minimal toxicity and high rates of tumor control with IMRT. Clinical trial registration no.: NCT00895622 (clinicaltrials.gov). ER  - 
Expression Analysis of CYFIP1 and CAMKK2 Genes in the Blood of Epileptic and Schizophrenic Patients$$$ Schizophrenia and epilepsy are two prevalent neurological disorders with high global burden to the society. Genome-wide studies have identified potential underlying causes for these neurological diseases. In the present case-control study, we have assessed expression of CYFIP1 and CAMKK2 genes in the blood samples of epileptic and schizophrenic patients compared with healthy subjects. A total of 180 subjects including 40 epileptic patients, 50 schizophrenic patients, and 90 healthy individuals participated in the study. Expression of the mentioned genes was measured using TaqMan real-time PCR. The results demonstrated a significant upregulation of CYFIP1 gene expression in epileptic patients (P = 0.029). CAMKK2 was downregulated in female schizophrenic patients compared with female healthy individuals (P = 0.048). These results may provide new insight into the pathogenesis of epilepsy and schizophrenia and suggest these genes as potential therapeutic targets for these neurological disorders. Future studies should evaluate these results in larger cohorts of patients. ER  - 
Impact of medical conditions and medications on road traffic safety$$$ Objectives: Many medical conditions and medicines with therapeutic importance have been shown to impair driving skills, causing road traffic accidents, which leads to great human and economic suffering in Oman. The primary purpose of this study was to assess retrospectively the extent of medical conditions and medications influencing road traffic safety among drivers involved in road accidents. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study among 951 injured or non-injured drivers who reported to Khoula and Nizwa hospitals. We used the Al-Shifa database to find the drivers and contacted randomly selected patients over phone. Results: The majority of victims were male (72.0%), involving personal cars, and reported at Khoula Hospital. The results show that 7.6% of the victimized drivers had a history of medical conditions with diabetes and hypertension (36.1% each) the most common. About 4.0% of victims were on medications of which insulin was the most common (9.4%). Loss of control was contributed to 38.5% of cases followed by dizziness (25.6%), sleep amnesia (10.3%), and blurred vision (7.7%). Other effects blamed by victimized drivers include vertigo, phonophobia, photophobia, back pain, loss of sensation, and headache accounting for 17.9% of cases. Conclusion: Medical conditions and medications influence road traffic safety to some extent in Oman. ER  - 
Association of HLA-A*31:01 Screening with the incidence of carbamazepine-induced cutaneous adverse reactions in a Japanese population$$$ IMPORTANCE: Carbamazepine, a commonly used antiepileptic drug, is one of the most common causes of cutaneous adverse drug reactions (cADRs) worldwide. The allele HLA-A*31:01 is reportedly associated with carbamazepine-induced cADRs in Japanese and European populations; however, the clinical utility of HLA-A*31:01 has not been evaluated. OBJECTIVE: To assess the use of HLA-A*31:01 genetic screening to identify Japanese individuals at risk of carbamazepine-induced cADRs. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study was conducted across 36 hospitals in Japan from January 2012 to November 2014 among 1202 patients who had been deemed suitable to start treatment with carbamazepine. Preemptive HLA-A*31:01 genetic screening was performed for 1187 participants. Patients who did not start treatment with carbamazepine or alternative drugs were excluded. Participants were interviewed once weekly for 8 weeks to monitor the development of cADRs. Data analysis was performed from June 8, 2015, to December 27, 2016. EXPOSURES: Neuropsychiatrists were asked to prescribe carbamazepine for patients who tested negative for HLA-A*31:01 and alternative drugs for those who tested positive for HLA-A*31:01. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Incidence of carbamazepine-induced cADRs. RESULTS: Of the 1130 included patients who were prescribed carbamazepine or alternative drugs, the mean (range) age was 37.4 (0-95) years, 614 (54.3%) were men, and 198 (17.5%) were positive for HLA-A*31:01. Expert dermatologists identified 23 patients (2.0%) who had carbamazepine-induced cADRs, of which 4 patients required hospitalization. Drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome was observed for 3 patients, maculopapular eruption for 9 patients, erythema multiforme for 5 patients, and an undetermined type of cADR for 6 patients. No patient developed Stevens-Johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis. Compared with historical controls, the incidence of carbamazepine-induced cADRs was significantly decreased (for BioBank Japan data: incidence, 3.4%; odds ratio, 0.60; 95% CI, 0.36-1.00; P = .048; for the Japan Medical Data Centre claims database: incidence, 5.1%; odds ratio, 0.39; 95% CI, 0.26-0.59; P < .001). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Preemptive HLA-A*31:01 genetic screening significantly decreased the incidence of carbamazepine-induced cADRs among Japanese patients, which suggests that it may be warranted in routine clinical practice. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental disorders in children aged 2–9 years: Population-based burden estimates across five regions in India$$$ Background: Neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) compromise the development and attainment of full social and economic potential at individual, family, community, and country levels. Paucity of data on NDDs slows down policy and programmatic action in most developing countries despite perceived high burden. Methods and findings: We assessed 3,964 children (with almost equal number of boys and girls distributed in 2–<6 and 6–9 year age categories) identified from five geographically diverse populations in India using cluster sampling technique (probability proportionate to population size). These were from the North-Central, i.e., Palwal (N = 998; all rural, 16.4% non-Hindu, 25.3% from scheduled caste/tribe [SC-ST] [these are considered underserved communities who are eligible for affirmative action]); North, i.e., Kangra (N = 997; 91.6% rural, 3.7% non-Hindu, 25.3% SC-ST); East, i.e., Dhenkanal (N = 981; 89.8% rural, 1.2% non-Hindu, 38.0% SC-ST); South, i.e., Hyderabad (N = 495; all urban, 25.7% non-Hindu, 27.3% SC-ST) and West, i.e., North Goa (N = 493; 68.0% rural, 11.4% non-Hindu, 18.5% SC-ST). All children were assessed for vision impairment (VI), epilepsy (Epi), neuromotor impairments including cerebral palsy (NMI-CP), hearing impairment (HI), speech and language disorders, autism spectrum disorders (ASDs), and intellectual disability (ID). Furthermore, 6–9-year-old children were also assessed for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and learning disorders (LDs). We standardized sample characteristics as per Census of India 2011 to arrive at district level and all-sites-pooled estimates. Site-specific prevalence of any of seven NDDs in 2–<6 year olds ranged from 2.9% (95% CI 1.6–5.5) to 18.7% (95% CI 14.7–23.6), and for any of nine NDDs in the 6–9-year-old children, from 6.5% (95% CI 4.6–9.1) to 18.5% (95% CI 15.3–22.3). Two or more NDDs were present in 0.4% (95% CI 0.1–1.7) to 4.3% (95% CI 2.2–8.2) in the younger age category and 0.7% (95% CI 0.2–2.0) to 5.3% (95% CI 3.3–8.2) in the older age category. All-site-pooled estimates for NDDs were 9.2% (95% CI 7.5–11.2) and 13.6% (95% CI 11.3–16.2) in children of 2–<6 and 6–9 year age categories, respectively, without significant difference according to gender, rural/urban residence, or religion; almost one-fifth of these children had more than one NDD. The pooled estimates for prevalence increased by up to three percentage points when these were adjusted for national rates of stunting or low birth weight (LBW). HI, ID, speech and language disorders, Epi, and LDs were the common NDDs across sites. Upon risk modelling, noninstitutional delivery, history of perinatal asphyxia, neonatal illness, postnatal neurological/brain infections, stunting, LBW/prematurity, and older age category (6–9 year) were significantly associated with NDDs. The study sample was underrepresentative of stunting and LBW and had a 15.6% refusal. These factors could be contributing to underestimation of the true NDD burden in our population. Conclusions: The study identifies NDDs in children aged 2–9 years as a significant public health burden for India. HI was higher than and ASD prevalence comparable to the published global literature. Most risk factors of NDDs were modifiable and amenable to public health interventions. ER  - 
Maternal prenatal history and neonatal risk complications for low-weight for gestational age term newborns$$$ Background: Low-birth-weight (LBW < 2.5 kg or < 10 percentile) could be caused by constitutional matters (small for gestational age) or by intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), both with different neonatal complications. Without an adequate prenatal evaluation, it is hard to establish those conditions. Knowing the maternal history for gestational diseases (MHGD), such as hypertension, hypothyroidism (HT) or diabetes, and among others, could help clarify that difference. This work aimed to determine if having MHGD is associated with neonatal complications in newborns with LWB. Methods: Retrospective cohort study, which included 349 with LWB at term (e 37 WG) grouped into those with or without MHGD at a hospital nursery. The frequency of respiratory distress (RD), hypoglycemia (HG), and hyperbilirubinemia (HBr) was determined. Results: Nearly 16.6% (58/349) had MHGD (58.6% for HBP and 41.3% for HT alone or combined). The neonate with MHGD was more borderline term (37 WGA, 55.2% vs. 35.1%, p = 0.037), and had lower weight (difference near 100 g; p = 0.028), had more cases with HG (13.6%; CI95% −4.08-31.2%) but developed less RD (difference of −4.7%; CI95%: −20.6-11.05%). HG in 39 WGA was only seen among neonates without MHGD (difference 12.7%; CI95%= 3.9-31.5%) just as for the HBr cases (three). Conclusions: Inquiring about the MHGD on low-birth-weight term babies could be useful in the inference of IUGR, although we need other tools so that altogether can help to predict complications and to plan preventive actions. ER  - 
2018 American Neuropsychiatric Association Annual Meeting Abstracts$$$ The proceedings contain 103 papers. The topics discussed include: suicidality in veterans with mild TBI does not correlate with PTSD or depressive symptoms; psychotherapy in the treatment of PTSD: a meta-regression and meta-analytic comparison of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EDMR); current neurobiological perspectives on psychosis and epilepsy - case report and review of the literature; an emotional word paradigm elicits neural circuit abnormalities across multiple functional domains in PTSD; the neuropsychiatric inventory-questionnaire (NPI-Q) in clinical practice: a retrospective review; and development and implementation of a point-of-care registry for patients with a history of acquired brain injuries. ER  - 
Adjunct rasagiline to treat Parkinson's disease with motor fluctuations: A randomized, double-blind study in China$$$ Background: The use of adjunct rasagiline in levodopa-treated patients with Parkinson's disease and motor fluctuations is supported by findings from large-scale clinical studies. This study is to investigate the efficacy and safety of adjunct rasagiline in Chinese patients with Parkinson's disease, as a product registration study. Methods: This 16-week, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, multicenter, placebo-controlled study of rasagiline 1 mg/day included levodopa-treated patients with Parkinson's disease and motor fluctuations. The primary efficacy endpoint was mean change from baseline in total daily OFF time over 16 weeks. Secondary endpoints were Clinical Global Impressions - Improvement (CGI-I), and change in Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) Activities of daily living (ADL) and Motor scores. Patient well-being (EQ-5D), and the frequency of adverse events were also assessed. Results: In total, 324 levodopa-treated patients were randomized to rasagiline 1 mg/day (n = 165) or placebo (n = 159). Over 16 weeks, rasagiline statistically significantly reduced the mean [95% confidence interval] total daily OFF time versus placebo (- 0.5 h [- 0.92, - 0.07]; p = 0.023). There were also statistically significant improvements versus placebo in CGI-I (- 0.4 points [- 0.61, - 0.22]; p < 0.001), UPDRS-ADL OFF (- 1.0 points [- 1.75, - 0.27]; p = 0.008), and UPDRS-Motor ON (- 1.6 points [- 3.05, - 0.14]; p = 0.032) scores, as well as the EQ-5D utility index (p < 0.05). Rasagiline was safe and well tolerated. Conclusions: In levodopa-treated Chinese patients with Parkinson's disease and motor fluctuations, adjunct rasagiline 1 mg/day statistically significantly reduced OFF time, and improved daily function and overall well-being, versus placebo. Consistent with findings in other countries, adjunct rasagiline was proven efficacious and well tolerated in Chinese patients. ER  - 
Incidence, risk factors and consequences of epilepsy-related injuries and accidents: A retrospective, single center study$$$ Introduction: This study was designed to evaluate risk factors and incidence of epilepsy-related injuries and accidents (ERIA) at an outpatient clinic of a German epilepsy center providing healthcare to a mixed urban and rural population of over one million inhabitants. Methods: Data acquisition was performed between 10/2013 and 09/2014 using a validated patient questionnaire on socioeconomic status, course of epilepsy, quality of life (QoL), depression, injuries and accidents associated with seizures or inadequate periictal patterns of behavior concerning a period of 3 months. Univariate analysis, multiple testing and regression analysis were performed to identify possible variables associated with ERIA. Results: A total of 292 patients (mean age 40.8 years, range 18-86; 55% female) were enrolled and analyzed. Focal epilepsy was diagnosed in 75% of the patients. The majority was on an antiepileptic drug (AEDs) polytherapy (mean number of AEDs: 1.65). Overall, 41 patients (14.0%) suffered from epilepsy-related injuries and accidents in a 3-month period. Besides lacerations (n = 18, 6.2%), abrasions and bruises (n = 9, 3.1%), fractures (n = 6, 2.2%) and burns (n = 3, 1.0%), 17 mild injuries (5.8%) were reported. In 20 (6.8% of the total cohort) cases, urgent medical treatment with hospitalization was necessary. Epilepsy-related injuries and accidents were related to active epilepsy, occurrence of generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) and drug-refractory course as well as reported ictal falls, ictal loss of consciousness and abnormal peri-ictal behavior in the medical history. In addition, patients with ERIA had significantly higher depression rates and lower QoL. Conclusion: ERIA and their consequences should be given more attention and standardized assessment for ERIA should be performed in every outpatient visit. ER  - 
Determinants of depression among people with epilepsy in Central Ethiopia$$$ Background: Depression is the most frequently and highly occurring mental disorders in epilepsy patients. When depression is comorbid with epilepsy, it leads to low employment and poor quality of life. Thus, the aim of this study was to assess the prevalence and associated factors of depression among people living with epilepsy in Central Ethiopia. Methods: Institution-based cross-sectional study was conducted from April to May 2015 at Amanuel Mental Specialized and TikurAnbesa Hospitals, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Samples of 422 epilepsy patients were selected, and data on depression were collected using validated questionnaire using face-to-face interview technique. Logistic regression analysis was performed to assess predictors of depression. Results: The study indicated that the prevalence of depression among people with epilepsy was 43.8%. Factors associated with depression were being female (AOR 2.48; 95% CI, 1.61.3.81), being single (AOR 2.23; 95% CI 1.38-3.60), perceived stigma (AOR 2.47; 95% CI 1.59-3.83), medication adherence (AOR 2.85; 95% CI 1.64-4.96), and current substance use (AOR 2.10; 95% CI 1.34-3.30). Conclusion: There is a high prevalence of depression among epilepsy patients. Early detection and prompt management of depressive symptoms are critically important in reducing depression burden among people living with epilepsy. ER  - 
Presurgical depression and anxiety are not associated with worse epilepsy surgery outcome five years postoperatively$$$ Purpose: Anxiety and depression have been associated with poor seizure control after epilepsy surgery. This study explored the effect of presurgical anxiety or depression on two- and five-year seizure control outcomes. Methods: Adult subjects were enrolled between 1996 and 2001 in a multicenter prospective study to evaluate outcomes of resective epilepsy surgery. A Poisson regression was used to analyze the association of depression and anxiety with surgical outcome, while adjusting for gender, age, ethnicity, number of years with seizures, and presence of mesial temporal sclerosis. Results: The relative risk (RR) of presurgical depression on two-year seizure-free outcome in this cohort is 1.12 (95% confidence interval (CI), 0.84–1.49) and 1.06 (CI, 0.73–1.55) on five-year seizure free outcome. The RR of presurgical anxiety on two-year seizure outcome is 0.73 (CI, 0.50–1.07) and 0.70 (CI, 0.43–1.17) on five-year seizure outcome. When including Engel classes I and II, the RRs of presurgical depression, anxiety, or both two years after surgery were 0.96 (p = 0.59), 0.73 (p < 0.05), and 0.97 (p = 0.70), respectively, and they were 0.97 (p = 0.82), 0.84 (p = 0.32), and 0.89 (p = 0.15), respectively, five years after surgery. Only presurgical anxiety was associated with worse epilepsy surgery outcome two year after surgery but not at five years postsurgery. Depression was not a risk factor for poor epilepsy surgical outcome in the long term. Conclusion: These findings from a prospective study that utilized a standardized protocol for psychiatric and seizure outcome assessment suggest that presurgical mood disorders have no substantial impact on postsurgical seizure outcome for up to five years after surgery. ER  - 
Epilepsy surgery in the underserved Hispanic population improves depression, anxiety, and quality of life$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of epilepsy surgery on depression, anxiety, and quality of life (QOL) in a Hispanic, primarily immigrant, Spanish-speaking population with intractable epilepsy (IE). Methods: Patients with IE from a comprehensive epilepsy treatment center in an urban, public healthcare setting who underwent resective brain surgery between 2008 and 2014 (N = 47) and completed presurgical and postsurgical neuropsychological evaluation were retrospectively identified. Presurgical and 1-year postsurgical Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), and QOLIE-31 ratings were analyzed as postsurgical outcome measures. One-tailed paired sample t-tests were used to evaluate whether scores improved postoperatively. Established severity level classifications of depression and anxiety (i.e., minimal, mild, moderate, or severe) were used to analyze changes in occurrence of depression and anxiety. Results: Medium to large improvements on the BDI-II and most QOLIE-31 subscales, with a smaller effect on the BAI and remaining QOLIE-31 subscales, were noted 1-year postsurgery. Levels of depression and anxiety were significantly reduced 1-year postsurgery. Depression, anxiety, and QOL improvements were robust and unaffected by gender, levels of education, or hemisphere of surgery. Conclusions: This study supports the positive benefits of epilepsy surgery on depression, anxiety, and QOL in Hispanic, primarily undocumented immigrant, Spanish-speaking people with epilepsy (PWE) in the US. These results are useful for educating this particular population about the possible benefits of surgery for IE and can enhance presurgical counseling. ER  - 
Cognition, health-related quality of life, and mood in children and young adults diagnosed with a glioneuronal tumor in childhood$$$ Aims: The aim of this study was to investigate long-term cognitive outcome, health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and psychiatric symptoms in children and young adults diagnosed with a glioneuronal tumor in childhood. Methods: Twenty-eight children and adolescents (0–17.99 years) with a minimum postoperative follow-up time of five years were eligible for the study; four persons declined participation. A cross-sectional long-term follow-up evaluation was performed using the following study measures: Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children (WISC-IV) or Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAIS-IV), Reys Complex Figure Test (RCFT), Short Form 36 version 2 (SF-36v2), Short Form 10 (SF-10), Quality of Life in Epilepsy 31 (QOLIE-31), Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS) or Beck Youth Inventory Scales (BYI), and Rosenberg Self-Esteem Scale. Historical WISC-III and RCFT data were used to compare cognitive longitudinal data. Results: Mean follow-up time after surgery was 12.1 years. Sixty-three percent (15/24) were seizure-free. Despite a successive postoperative gain in cognitive function, a significant reduction relative to norms was seen in the seizure-free group with respect to perceptual reasoning index (PRI), working memory index (WMI), and full-scale intelligence quotient (FSIQ). Seizure freedom resulted in acceptable HRQoL. Thirty-two percent and 16% exceeded the threshold level of possible anxiety and depression, respectively, despite seizure freedom. Conclusion: Although lower than in corresponding reference groups, cognitive outcome and HRQoL are good provided that seizure freedom or at least a low seizure severity can be achieved. There is a risk of elevated levels of psychiatric symptoms. Long-term clinical follow-up is advisable. ER  - 
First-in human, phase 1, dose-escalation pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic study of the oral dual PI3K and mTORC1/2 inhibitor PQR309 in patients with advanced solid tumors (SAKK 67/13)$$$ Background: PQR309 is an orally bioavailable, balanced pan–phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K), mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) C1 and mTORC2 inhibitor. Patients and methods: This is an accelerated titration, 3 + 3 dose-escalation, open-label phase I trial of continuous once-daily (OD) PQR309 administration to evaluate the safety, pharmacokinetics (PK) and pharmacodynamics in patients with advanced solid tumours. Primary objectives were to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D). Results: Twenty-eight patients were included in six dosing cohorts and treated at a daily PQR309 dose ranging from 10 to 150 mg. Common adverse events (AEs; ≥30% patients) included fatigue, hyperglycaemia, nausea, diarrhoea, constipation, rash, anorexia and vomiting. Grade (G) 3 or 4 drug-related AEs were seen in 13 (46%) and three (11%) patients, respectively. Dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) was observed in two patients at 100 mg OD (>14-d interruption in PQR309 due to G3 rash, G2 hyperbilirubinaemia, G4 suicide attempt; dose reduction due to G3 fatigue, G2 diarrhoea, G4 transaminitis) and one patient at 80 mg (G3 hyperglycaemia >7 d). PK shows fast absorption (Tmax 1–2 h) and dose proportionality for Cmax and area under the curve. A partial response in a patient with metastatic thymus cancer, 24% disease volume reduction in a patient with sinonasal cancer and stable disease for more than 16 weeks in a patient with clear cell Bartholin's gland cancer were observed. Conclusion: The MTD and RP2D of PQR309 is 80 mg of orally OD. PK is dose-proportional. PD shows PI3K pathway phosphoprotein downregulation in paired tumour biopsies. Clinical activity was observed in patients with and without PI3K pathway dysregulation. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov # NCT01940133. ER  - 
Topiramate-induced weight loss depends on level of intellectual disability in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: Intellectual disability (ID) is associated with weight gain caused by antiepileptic drugs such as valproic acid. The present study analyzed the relationship between ID and weight loss caused by topiramate (TPM). Methods: Seventy-eight patients with epilepsy (35 women, aged 18 to 70 years) were enrolled in this prospective study. Body weight was measured before and 1, 6, 12, and 18 months after initiation of TPM treatment. Both patients and caregivers were provided information about TPM-related weight loss. The patients were divided into the group with no or mild ID (intelligence quotient > 50) and the group with moderate to profound ID (intelligence quotient ≤ 50). Results: Body weight of both groups significantly decreased until 6 months but stabilized after 12 months. Weight loss at 6, 12, and 18 months was significantly greater in the group with no or mild ID than in the group with moderate to profound ID. Body weight change at 18 months was correlated with intellectual levels (β = 0.274, p = 0.011) and baseline body mass index (β = − 0.322, p = 0.002) by multiple linear regression analysis. Conclusions: The present study suggests that the pattern of weight loss during TPM administration differs according to intellectual levels. Patients with ID maintained their body weight. Weight loss due to TPM might be weakened by caregiver control of food intake or inactivity. ER  - 
Transitioning from child and adolescent mental health services with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in Ireland: Case note review$$$ In a context of international concern about early adult mental health service provision, this study identifies characteristics and service outcomes of young people with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) reaching the child and adolescent mental health service (CAMHS) transition boundary (TB) in Ireland. The iTRACK study invited all 60 CAMHS teams in Ireland to participate; 8 teams retrospectively identified clinical case files for 62 eligible young people reaching the CAMHS TB in all 4 Health Service Executive Regions. A secondary case note analysis identified characteristics, co-morbidities, referral and service outcomes for iTRACK cases with ADHD (n = 20). Two-thirds of young people with ADHD were on psychotropic medication and half had mental health co-morbidities, yet none was directly transferred to public adult mental health services (AMHS) at the TB. Nearly half were retained in CAMHS, for an average of over a year; most either disengaged from services (40%) and/or actively refused transfer to AMHS (35%) at or after the TB. There was a perception by CAMHS clinicians that adult services did not accept ADHD cases or lacked relevant service/expertise. Despite high rates of medication use and co-morbid mental health difficulties, there appears to be a complete absence of referral to publicly available AMHS for ADHD youth transitioning from CAMHS in Ireland. More understanding of obstacles and optimum service configuration is essential to ensure that care is both available and accessible to young people with ADHD. ER  - 
Treatment outcome of creatine transporter deficiency: international retrospective cohort study$$$ To evaluate the outcome of current treatment for creatine transporter (CRTR) deficiency, we developed a clinical severity score and initiated an international treatment registry. An online questionnaire was completed by physicians following patients with CRTR deficiency on a treatment, including creatine and/or arginine, and/or glycine. Clinical severity score included 1) global developmental delay/intellectual disability; 2) seizures; 3) behavioural disorder. Phenotype scored 1–3 = mild; 4–6 = moderate; and 7–9 = severe. We applied the clinical severity score pre- and on-treatment. Seventeen patients, 14 males and 3 females, from 16 families were included. Four patients had severe, 6 patients had moderate, and 7 patients had a mild phenotype. The phenotype ranged from mild to severe in patients diagnosed at or before 2 years of age or older than 6 years of age. The phenotype ranged from mild to severe in patients with mildly elevated urine creatine to creatinine ratio. Fourteen patients were on the combined creatine, arginine and glycine therapy. On the combined treatment with creatine, arginine and glycine, none of the males showed either deterioration or improvements in their clinical severity score, whereas two females showed improvements in the clinical severity score. Creatine monotherapy resulted in deterioration of the clinical severity score in one male. There seems to be no correlation between phenotype and degree of elevation in urine creatine to creatinine ratio, genotype, or age at diagnosis. Combined creatine, arginine and glycine therapy might have stopped disease progression in males and improved phenotype in females. ER  - 
Combining drug and music therapy in patients with moderate Alzheimer’s disease: a randomized study$$$ Alzheimer’s disease (AD) can impair language, but active music therapy (AMT) and memantine (M) can improve communication. This study aimed to clarify whether adding AMT to M may improve language in comparison with drugs alone in patients with moderate AD on stable therapy with acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (AchEI). Forty-five AD patients treated with stable dose of AchEI were randomized to receive AMT plus M 20 mg/day or M 20 mg/day for 24 weeks. The Severe Impairment Battery-Language (SIB-l), SIB, Mini Mental State Examination, Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), Lubben Social Network Scale, Activities of Daily Living, and Instrumental Activities of Daily Living scores at baseline and 12 and 24 weeks assessed language (primary variable) and overall cognitive, psycho-behavior, social, and functional aspects (secondary variables). The SIB-l showed a stabilization of the baseline condition in both groups, in the absence of between-group differences. The NPI depression and appetite scores significantly improved in the M-AMT group. Moreover, significantly less patients in the M-AMT group than those in the M group showed worsening of the NPI total score. Daily activities, social relationships, and overall cognitive performance did not deteriorate. In patients with moderate AD, AMT added to pharmacotherapy has no further benefits for language in comparison with pharmacotherapy alone. However, this integrated treatment can improve the psycho-behavioral profile. ER  - 
Lower Postsurgical Mortality for Individuals with Dementia with Better-Educated Hospital Workforce$$$ Objectives: To investigate whether care in a hospital with more nurses holding at least a Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) degree is associated with lower mortality for individuals with Alzheimer's disease and related dementias (ADRD) undergoing surgery ADRD. Design: Cross-sectional data from 2006–07 Medicare claims were linked with the Multi-State Nursing Care and Patient Safety Survey of nurses in 4 states. Setting: Adult, nonfederal, acute care hospitals in California, Florida, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania (N=531). Participants: Medicare beneficiaries aged 65 and older with and without ADRD undergoing general, orthopedic, or vascular surgery (N=353,333; ADRD, n=46,163; no ADRD, n=307,170). Measurements: Thirty-day mortality and failure to rescue (death after a complication). Results: Controlling for hospital, procedure, and individual characteristics, each 10% increase in the proportion of BSN nurses was associated with 4% lower odds of death (odds ratio (OR)=0.96, 95% confidence interval (CI)=0.93–0.98) for individuals without ADRD, but 10% lower odds of death (OR=0.90, 95% CI=0.87–0.94) for those with ADRD. Each 10% increase in the proportion of nurses holding a BSN degree or higher was associated with 5% lower odds of failure to rescue (OR=0.95, 95% CI=0.92–0.98) for individuals without ADRD but 10% lower odds of failure to rescue (OR=0.90, 95% CI=0.87–0.94) for those with ADRD. Conclusion: Individuals undergoing surgery who have coexisting ADRD are more likely to die within 30 days of admission and die after a complication than those without ADRD. Having more BSN nurses in the hospital improves the odds of good outcomes for all individuals and has a much greater effect in individuals with ADRD. ER  - 
Use of Antiepileptic Drugs and Dementia Risk—an Analysis of Finnish Health Register and German Health Insurance Data$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the association between regular antiepileptic drug (AED) use and incident dementia. Design: Case-control analysis. Setting: Finnish public health register and German health insurance data. Participants: Individuals with dementia of any type (German data, N=20,325) and Alzheimer's disease (AD; Finnish data, N=70,718) were matched with up to four control persons without dementia. Measurements: We analyzed the association between regular AED use and dementia. To address potential protopathic bias, a lag time of 2 years between AED use and dementia diagnosis was introduced. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated by applying conditional logistic regression, adjusted for potential confounding factors such as comorbidities and polypharmacy. Results: Regular AED use was more frequent in individuals with dementia than controls. Regular use of AEDs was associated with a significantly greater risk of incident dementia (adjusted OR=1.28, 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.14–1.44) and AD (adjusted OR=1.15, 95% CI=1.09–1.22) than no AED use. We also detected a trend toward greater risk of dementia with higher exposure. When AEDs with and without known cognitive adverse effects (CAEs) were compared, a significantly greater risk of dementia was observed for substances with known CAEs (dementia: OR=1.59, 95% CI=1.36–1.86; AD: OR=1.19, 95% CI=1.11–1.27). Conclusion: AEDs, especially those with known CAEs, may contribute to incident dementia and AD in older persons. ER  - 
Use of Vagus Nerve Stimulator on Children With Primary Generalized Epilepsy$$$ Objective: To describe the response to vagus nerve stimulator (VNS) in otherwise neurotypical children with medically intractable primary generalized epilepsy. Methods: Retrospective chart review of patients who underwent vagus nerve stimulator surgery between January 2011 and December 2015. Results: Eleven patients were identified. Median follow-up duration was 2.5 years (1.2-8.4 years). Prior to vagus nerve stimulator surgery, all patients had at least 1 seizure per week, and 7/11 (64%) had daily seizures. At 1-year follow-up after vagus nerve stimulator, 7/11 (64%) reported improved seizure frequency and 6/11 (55%) reported fewer than 1 seizure per month. Three patients (27%) reported complications related to vagus nerve stimulator surgery, and no patients required device removal. Significance: In children with medically intractable primary generalized epilepsy, vagus nerve stimulator is well tolerated and appears to lead to improvement in seizure frequency. Improvement was not attributable to epilepsy classification, age at vagus nerve stimulator implantation, output current, duty cycle, or follow-up duration. ER  - 
A prospective observational study on risk factors and management of stroke at a tertiary care teaching hospital$$$ Objectives: To determine the prevalence of stroke and its management with various risk factors, i.e. non-modifiable and modifiable at a tertiary care teaching hospital. Methods: It is a prospective and observational study conducted over a period of six months including established cases of stroke. The study was carried out in100 patients to evaluate risk factors and management of stroke. The data obtained with the designed data collection form were analyzed using Odds ratio and Chi-Square test. Results: Ischemic stroke accounted for 70% of cases followed by Intracerebral Hemorrhage (20%) Subarachnoid hemorrhage (5%) and Transient Ischemic Attack (5%). Out of 100 patients, there were 74 male and 26 female patients, indicating males at higher risk. Majority of patients were between the age group 41-60 y. based on the Odds ratio hypertensive and alcoholics were more prone to stroke occurrence and recurrence. Chi-Square test performed for age and gender was not significant at significance level P<0.05. Conclusion: In this study, ischemic stroke was most prevalent. Hypertension was the major risk factor indicating strong evidence of stroke occurrence and recurrence. The factors having the major implication in the development of stroke were Hypertension, Alcoholism, Smoking, Diabetes Mellitus, Epilepsy, Coronary Artery Disease, Tobacco, and others. Proper management includes non-pharmacological (physiotherapy) along with pharmacological treatment (Osmotic diuretics were most commonly prescribed followed by hypolipidemics, cognition enhancers, anticoagulants, dual antihypertensive therapy). ER  - 
Epidemiological profile and subjective reasons of relapse in inpatient service personnel of alcohol dependence syndrome-A cross sectional study$$$ Introduction: An elaborate understanding of reasons of relapse is essential for successful de-addiction treatment in an endeavour to guide patient towards recovery. In service environment implications of relapse are deleterious to service prospect of armed force personnel. Aim: To explore epidemiological profile and subjective reasons for relapse in service personnels with Alcohol Dependence Syndrome (ADS) after de-addiction treatment. Materials and Methods: The sample consisted of 100 consecutive male patients of diagnosed Alcohol Dependence Syndrome (as per ICD-10: WHO 1992) undergoing inpatient treatment for 1st relapse. Semi structured interview to enumerate individual’s demographic profile, support system and other alcoholic milestones were taken into consideration. Reasons For Drinking Again Questionnaire (RFDAQ) was used in to identify reasons of relapse among relapse precipitants. The data was statistically analysed Independence of the attributes was compared by use of Chi-square contingency table analysis. Comparisons of the means in the groups were done using the student’s t-test. A significance level of p < 0.05 was accepted for all analysis. Non parametric t-test was also used. Results: In our study the mean age of the participants was 38.03 years (7.92). Mean age of onset of alcohol use was 24.31 years (3.642). 64% of study group manifested with relapse within 03 months of de-addiction treatment and only 20 % could maintain sobriety for more than a year. In our study 65% relapse participants manifested with uncomplicated alcohol withdrawal followed by 25% with alcohol withdrawal delirium tremens and 5% with seizures. The most common reasons for resuming alcohol intake were feeling sad, drinking as a result of good mood and someone offering them a drink. Conclusion: The reasons for resuming alcohol intake after achieving a period of abstinence were mostly intrapersonal factors like feeling of sadness and good mood followed by intrapersonal issues like someone offering a drink. Therapeutic implications are discussed. ER  - 
Assessment of adverse events in clinical drug trials: Identifying amitriptyline's placebo- and baseline-controlled side effects$$$ Adverse events in clinical drug trials are often poorly assessed and reported. The absence of baseline assessment and structured symptom lists, as well as the fact that most drug trials are industry-sponsored are common sources of bias. In addition, adverse events are usually assessed in patient samples, which can bias results because of the misattribution of symptoms that are part of the illness to medication intake. We aimed to identify amitriptyline's placebo- and baseline-controlled side effects by examining a sample of healthy adults, using structured assessments via a symptom list. Forty healthy individuals were randomized equally to either a group taking 50 mg amitriptyline on four consecutive days or to a placebo control group. Complaints were assessed via the Generic Assessment of Side Effects Scale prior to and after four days of medication intake. Frequency of complaints and their intensity were compared after medication intake between the two groups while controlling for complaints at baseline. The amitriptyline group's participants reported having suffered from "dry mouth," "dizziness," "subjective blood circulation-associated problems," and "constipation" significantly more often. When taking into account the complaint's intensity, the amitriptyline group also reported higher intensities for "dry mouth," "dizziness," and "subjective blood circulation-associated problems." Our results emphasize the importance of a structured and well-controlled harm assessment. Future drug trials should report the placebo- and baseline-controlled side effects with a clear causal relationship to the intake of the drug under investigation, in addition to the frequency of complaints and their odds ratios. ER  - 
General medical, mental health, and demographic risk factors associated with suicide by firearm compared with other means$$$ Objective: Mitigation of suicide risk by reducing access to lethal means, such as firearms and potentially lethal medications, is a highly recommended practice. To better understand groups of patients at risk of suicide in medical settings, the authors compared demographic and clinical risk factors between patients who died by suicide by using firearms or other means with matched patients who did not die by suicide (control group). Methods: In a case-control study in 2016 from eight health care systems within the Mental Health Research Network, 2,674 suicide cases from 2010–2013 were matched to a control group (N=267,400). The association between suicide by firearm or other means and medical record information on demographic characteristics, general medical disorders, and mental disorders was assessed. Results: The odds of having a mental disorder were higher among cases of suicide involving a method other than a firearm. Fourteen general medical disorders were associated with statistically significant (p,.001) greater odds of suicide by firearm, including traumatic brain injury (TBI) (odds ratio [OR]=23.53), epilepsy (OR=3.17), psychogenic pain (OR=2.82), migraine (OR=2.35), and stroke (OR=2.20). Fifteen general medical disorders were associated with statistically significant (p,.001) greater odds of suicide by other means, with particularly high odds for TBI (OR=7.74), epilepsy (OR=3.28), HIV/AIDS (OR=6.03), and migraine (OR=3.17). Conclusions: Medical providers should consider targeting suicide risk screening for patients with any mental disorder, TBI, epilepsy, HIV, psychogenic pain, stroke, and migraine. When suicide risk is detected, counseling on reducing access to lethal means should include both firearms and other means for at-risk groups. ER  - 
The Effects of Intimate Partner Violence and Probable Traumatic Brain Injury on Central Nervous System Symptoms$$$ Introduction: Abused women often report a wide range of physical and psychological symptoms that present challenges to providers. Specifically, injuries to the head or strangulation, may initiate neurological changes that contribute to central nervous system (CNS) symptoms. These symptoms are often attributed to mental health diagnoses in this population. The purpose of this analysis is to examine the prevalence of and associations between reported probable traumatic brain injury (TBI) and CNS symptoms in a sample of women of African descent. Methods: A convenience sample of 901 women of African descent from Baltimore, MD and the US Virgin Islands, aged 18-55, was used to examine relationships among self-reported intimate partner violence (IPV), TBI, and CNS symptoms. Data were collected via Audio Computer-Assisted Self-Interview. Results: Abused women who experienced a probable TBI were more likely to report CNS symptoms than those who did not. When controlling for demographics, IPV, and mental health symptoms, probable TBI was associated with a two point increase in CNS symptom frequency score (95% confidence interval: 1.55-2.93, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Women who reported both probable TBI and IPV were more likely than their abused counterparts who reported no TBI to report CNS symptoms. This relationship held true even when controlling for symptoms of depression and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Clinicians working with women should be aware of TBI as a possible etiology for symptoms in abused women. Appropriate screening and treatment protocols should be designed and implemented across medical settings to improve outcomes for women who have experienced IPV and TBI. ER  - 
A mobile clinic approach to the delivery of community-based mental health services in rural Haiti$$$ This study evaluates the use of a mental health mobile clinic to overcome two major challenges to the provision of mental healthcare in resource-limited settings: the shortage of trained specialists; and the need to improve access to safe, effective, and culturally sound care in community settings. Employing task-shifting and supervision, mental healthcare was largely delivered by trained, non-specialist health workers instead of specialists. A retrospective chart review of 318 unduplicated patients assessed and treated during the mobile clinic’s first two years (January 2012 to November 2013) was conducted to explore outcomes. These data were supplemented by a quality improvement questionnaire, illustrative case reports, and a qualitative interview with the mobile clinic’s lead community health worker. The team evaluated an average of 42 patients per clinic session. The most common mental, neurological, or substance abuse (MNS) disorders were depression and epilepsy. Higher follow-up rates were seen among those with diagnoses of bipolar disorder and neurological conditions, while those with depression or anxiety had lower follow-up rates. Persons with mood disorders who were evaluated on at least two separate occasions using a locally developed depression screening tool experienced a significant reduction in depressive symptoms. The mental health mobile clinic successfully treated a wide range of MNS disorders in rural Haiti and provided care to individuals who previously had no consistent access to mental healthcare. Efforts to address these common barriers to the provision of mental healthcare in resource-limited settings should consider supplementing clinic-based with mobile services. ER  - 
Characteristics of children hospitalized for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures due to conversion disorder versus epilepsy$$$ OBJECTIVES: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are a manifestation of conversion disorder among children but can be difficult to distinguish from epilepsy. We sought to identify characteristics that differentiate children with PNES from those with epilepsy. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of children admitted with epilepsy or PNES to 45 children's hospitals from 2004 to 2014. Children with PNES (n = 399) versus those with epilepsy (n = 13 241) were compared on demographic and clinical characteristics, testing, treatment, and health care use. Hierarchical multivariable logistic regression was used to identify characteristics associated with PNES diagnosis. RESULTS: Children with PNES were more likely to be female (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.3; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.8-3.0), older (aOR 3.8; 95% CI 2.7-5.3 for 14-16 years old), African American (aOR 2.0; 95% CI 1.5-2.7), and have diagnosis codes for psychiatric disorders (aOR 7.1; 95% CI 5.6-9.1) and pain (aOR 2.6; 95% CI 1.9-3.4). They were also more likely to be admitted in the fall (aOR 2.0; 95% CI 1.4-2.8) or spring (aOR 1.9; 95% CI 1.4-2.6) versus summer. Total adjusted hospitalization costs were greater for children with epilepsy ($4724, 95% CI $4413-$5057 vs $5326, 95% CI $5259-$5393; P 5 .001); length of stay was similar. CONCLUSIONS: Demographic and clinical characteristics differed among children with PNES versus those with epilepsy, including significantly increased odds of psychiatric and pain diagnoses among children with PNES. To better inform treatment and prognostication for children with PNES, research is needed to understand reasons for these differences, seasonal admission patterns, and the relationship between PNES and other psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Knowledge and attitudes of Australian general practitioners towards medicinal cannabis: A cross-sectional survey$$$ Objectives To examine the knowledge and attitudes of Australian general practitioners (GP) towards medicinal cannabis, including patient demand, GP perceptions of therapeutic effects and potential harms, perceived knowledge and willingness to prescribe. Design, setting and participants A cross-sectional survey completed by 640 GPs (response rate=37%) attending multiple-topic educational seminars in five major Australian cities between August and November 2017. Main outcome measures Number of patients enquiring about medicinal cannabis, perceived knowledge of GPs, conditions where GPs perceived it to be beneficial, willingness to prescribe, preferred models of access, perceived adverse effects and safety relative to other prescription drugs. Results The majority of GPs (61.5%) reported one or more patient enquiries about medicinal cannabis in the last three months. Most felt that their own knowledge was inadequate and only 28.8% felt comfortable discussing medicinal cannabis with patients. Over half (56.5%) supported availability on prescription, with the preferred access model involving trained GPs prescribing independently of specialists. Support for use of medicinal cannabis was condition-specific, with strong support for use in cancer pain, palliative care and epilepsy, and much lower support for use in depression and anxiety. Conclusions The majority of GPs are supportive or neutral with regards to medicinal cannabis use. Our results highlight the need for improved training of GPs around medicinal cannabis, and the discrepancy between GP-preferred models of access and the current specialist-led models. ER  - 
Personality disorders in temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Background and aims: Personality Disorder (PD) is defined as a pattern of inflexible and maladaptive personality traits that cause functional disability or subjective suffering. They consist of 10 types, grouped into 3 clusters-A (Schizoid, Schizotypal, Paranoid), B (Borderline, Narcissistic, Histrionic, Antisocial) and C (Dependent, Avoidant and Obsessive Compulsive). People with epilepsy (PWE) are at greater risk of suffering from PP with prevalence's that may reach 75%. Our aim is to analyze the frequency and type of PD, in a sample of PWE, accompanied at the Reference Center for Refractory Epilepsy of Hospital de Santa Maria (CHLN). Methods: Retrospective analysis of pre-surgical evaluation of 121 people with refractory epilepsy (RE). The personality assessment was done using the Millon Multiaxial Clinical Inventory-II. A score > 85 was considered for the definition of PP. When scores > 85 were obtained on more than one type of PP it was considered “Not Otherwise Specified” (NOS). The types of PP and their frequency were analyzed according to the location of the epileptogenic zone (temporal vs. extra temporal). Results: 70% of those with ER had at least one of the PD types. The most frequent types were PD NOS (40; 47%), followed by Obsessive PD (17; 20%) and Dependent PD (14; 16%). No statistically significant differences were found regarding the epileptogenic zone (p=0.297). Conclusion: In our population, the prevalence of PP in PCE is much higher than that described in the general population. They may be associated to either the psychological or biological factors. ER  - 
Will this child have epilepsy? Development and validation of a prediction model to assess the risk of epilepsy after (a) paroxysmal event(s)$$$ Background and aims: Early and accurate diagnosis of paroxysmal events in children may be difficult. We aimed to develop and externally validate a model to predict the likelihood of the diagnosis of epilepsy based on data available after first consultation. Methods: Data were retrospectively collected from a consecutive cohort of children who visited the 'first-seizure clinic', a program designed to evaluate children with paroxysmal events of (yet) unknown origin. Children were excluded if follow-up was less than one year. Diagnosis of epilepsy was made after clinical follow-up and, if considered necessary, additional investigations. Input data for model development consisted of clinical characteristics and results from electroencephalography (EEG). Backward selection of strongest predictors was applied. The final model was externally validated by Receiver Operating Curve (ROC) analysis. Results: A total of 451 children (model development) and 187 children (model validation) were included. Included predictors were the child's sex, age at first event, event description (presence of automatisms, lateralizing symptoms, weakness/ loss of muscle tone, bilateral jerking and cramping), medical history (neurological, metabolic or genetic syndrome, psychiatric) and EEG results. Model performance, as tested in the validation cohort, was excellent with an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.86 [95% CI: 0.80-0.92], a PPV of 0.93 [0.83-0.97] and a NPV of 0.76 [0.70-0.80]. Model performance in a subpopulation of children with uncertain diagnosis after initial consultation was good: AUC was 0.73 [0.58-0.87]. Conclusion: This model can reliably predict eventual diagnosis of epilepsy, also in children for whom diagnosis is uncertain after first consultation. ER  - 
Immune deficiencies/dysregulations underpinning childhood limbic encephalitis: A case series and literature review$$$ Background: Limbic encephalitis (LE) is a rare autoimmune syndrome affecting limbic system structures and causing variety of manifestations including memory changes, temporal epilepsies, and psychiatric symptoms. It is a rare disease in children but with a well-recognizable combination of clinical, neuroimaging and/or histological signature. Beyond the association with anti-neuronal auto-antibodies, no clear immune system phenotype has been associated with limbic encephalitis. Our aim is to characterize the clinical and paraclinical features of non-paraneoplasic limbic encephalitis and to correlate them with potential underlying immune deficiencies. Methods: Retrospective case series of seven patients with limbic encephalitis recruited at the Montreal Children's Hospital (MCH) with a focus on the immune- and neuro-phenotypes, including anti-neuronal antibodies, lymphocyte sub-typing, key markers of immunoglobulin and complement systems. Literature review showed 77 cases of non-paraneoplastic non-NMDA limbic encephalitis. Results: Symptoms included temporal epilepsy (n=5), psychiatric symptoms such as ADHD or autistic symptoms (n=2), and memory changes (n=3). One patient was positive for both voltage gated potassium channel antibodies (VGKC) and anti-thyroid peroxidase antibodies (TPO) and two were positive only for anti TPO antibodies. One patient showed low CD19, and immunoglobulins. Three patients showed chronic low CD56 cell count. Conclusions: The study is still ongoing, but at least 3 patients already display some traits of immune dysregulation. ER  - 
Could Transient neurological Symptoms with subdural hematoma be explained by Cortical spreading depolarization Activity in Neurons? (CT-SCAN)$$$ Background: Transient neurological symptoms in patients with subdural hematoma (SDH) are often attributed to secondary epilepsy despite a negative workup. We believe a significant proportion of these patients could rather suffer from cortical spreading depolarization (CSD). Methods: We performed a retrospective case-control study of patients with transient neurological symptoms post-SDH evacuation between 1996 and 2017. The clinical features of patients with negative EEG were compared to those with positive EEG (ictal or interictal abnormalities) and a clinical scoring system was created. Results: 59 patients were included, 20 (34%) with a positive EEG. Speech-related symptoms (OR 4.8, p=0.018) and prolonged episodes (OR 23.1, p=0.001) were associated with a negative EEG. Clonic movements (OR 0.014, p<0.0005), impaired awareness (OR 0.013, p<0.0005), positive symptoms (OR 0.05, p<0.0001), complete response to standard antiepileptic drugs (OR 0.06, p=0.007) and mortality (OR 0.021, p=0.003) were associated with a positive EEG. We built a clinical score based on these features, which showed a 90% sensitivity and 100% specificity. Conclusions: We believe that the differences observed between both groups were driven by the presence of CSD rather than seizure in the case group. Our proposed scoring system can help predict EEG results and may be useful to identify CSD in future trials. ER  - 
Effectiveness of opicapone and switching from entacapone in fluctuating Parkinson disease$$$ Objective To evaluate the effectiveness of opicapone as add-on to levodopa and the effects of switching from entacapone over 1 year of treatment in patients with fluctuating Parkinson disease. Methods After completion of a placebo- and entacapone-controlled double-blind study of opicapone (5, 25, or 50 mg), 495 patients continued to a 1-year extension phase in which patients were treated with opicapone. Patients began with once-daily opicapone 25 mg for 1 week, followed by individually tailored levodopa and/or opicapone dose adjustments. The primary efficacy variable was the change from baseline in absolute “off” time based on patient diaries. Other outcomes included proportion of responders, scale-based assessments, and standard safety assessments. Results One year of treatment with opicapone reduced “off” time by a half-hour (33.8 minutes) vs the open-label baseline and >2 hours (126.9 minutes) vs the double-blind baseline. Whereas patients who were originally treated with opicapone 50 mg in the double-blind phase maintained their efficacy, switching treatments led to further decreases in “off” time (−64.9, −39.3, −27.5, and −23.0 minutes for switching from placebo, entacapone, and opicapone 5 and 25 mg, respectively). Dyskinesia was the most frequently reported adverse event (14.5%) and was managed by adjustment of dopaminergic therapy. No new safety concerns were observed with long-term opicapone administration. Conclusion Long-term use of opicapone provided sustained efficacy over 1 year. Switching from entacapone to opicapone led to enhanced efficacy under the conditions of the study. Classification of evidence This study provides Class III evidence that for patients with Parkinson disease and end-of-dose motor fluctuations, long-term use (52 weeks) of opicapone is well tolerated and reduces “off” time. ER  - 
Tolerability of buprenorphine transdermal system in nursing home patients with advanced dementia: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial (DEP.PAIN.DEM)$$$ Purpose: Buprenorphine transdermal system is increasingly prescribed in people with advanced dementia, but no clinical trial has investigated the safety and factors associated with discontinuation due to adverse events in this population. Patients and methods: One hundred sixty-two people with advanced dementia and significant depression from 47 nursing homes were included and randomized to active analgesic treatment (acetaminophen/buprenorphine) or identical placebo for 13 weeks. In this secondary analysis, the main outcomes were time to and reasons for discontinuation of buprenorphine due to adverse events. Change in daytime activity as measured by actigraphy was a secondary outcome. Results: Of the 44 patients who received active buprenorphine 5 µg/hour, 52.3% (n=23) discontinued treatment due to adverse events compared to 13.3% (6 of 45) in the placebo group (p,0.001). Psychiatric and neurological adverse events were the most frequently reported causes of discontinuation (69.6%, n=16). Concomitant use of antidepressants significantly increased the risk of discontinuation (HR 23.2, 95% CI: 2.95–182, p=0.003). Adjusted for age, sex, cognitive function, pain and depression at baseline, active buprenorphine was associated with 24.0 times increased risk of discontinuation (Cox model, 95% CI: 2.45–235, p=0.006). Daytime activity dropped significantly during the second day of active treatment (−21.4%, p=0.005) and decreased by 12.9% during the first week (p=0.053). Conclusion: Active buprenorphine had significantly higher risk of discontinuation compared with placebo in people with advanced dementia and depression, mainly due to psychiatric and neurological adverse events. Daytime activity dropped significantly during the first week of treatment. Concomitant use of antidepressants further reduced the tolerability of buprenorphine. ER  - 
Methylphenidate for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents - assessment of adverse events in non-randomised studies$$$ Background: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neurodevelopmental disorder in childhood. The psychostimulant methylphenidate is the most frequently used medication to treat it. Several studies have investigated the benefits of methylphenidate, showing possible favourable effects on ADHD symptoms, but the true magnitude of the effect is unknown. Concerning adverse events associated with the treatment, our systematic review of randomised clinical trials (RCTs) demonstrated no increase in serious adverse events, but a high proportion of participants suffered a range of non-serious adverse events. Objectives: To assess the adverse events associated with methylphenidate treatment for children and adolescents with ADHD in non-randomised studies. Search methods: In January 2016, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, CINAHL, 12 other databases and two trials registers. We also checked reference lists and contacted authors and pharmaceutical companies to identify additional studies. Selection criteria: We included non-randomised study designs. These comprised comparative and non-comparative cohort studies, patient-control studies, patient reports/series and cross-sectional studies of methylphenidate administered at any dosage or formulation. We also included methylphenidate groups from RCTs assessing methylphenidate versus other interventions for ADHD as well as data from follow-up periods in RCTs. Participants had to have an ADHD diagnosis (from the 3rd to the 5th edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders or the 9th or 10th edition of theInternational Classification of Diseases, with or without comorbid diagnoses. We required that at least 75% of participants had a normal intellectual capacity (intelligence quotient of more than 70 points) and were aged below 20 years. We excluded studies that used another ADHD drug as a co-intervention. Data collection and analysis: Fourteen review authors selected studies independently. Two review authors assessed risk of bias independently using the ROBINS-I tool for assessing risk of bias in non-randomised studies of interventions. All review authors extracted data. We defined serious adverse events according to the International Committee of Harmonization as any lethal, life-threatening or life-changing event. We considered all other adverse events to be non-serious adverse events and conducted meta-analyses of data from comparative studies. We calculated meta-analytic estimates of prevalence from non-comparative cohorts studies and synthesised data from patient reports/series qualitatively. We investigated heterogeneity by conducting subgroup analyses, and we also conducted sensitivity analyses. Main results: We included a total of 260 studies: 7 comparative cohort studies, 6 of which compared 968 patients who were exposed to methylphenidate to 166 controls, and 1 which assessed 1224 patients that were exposed or not exposed to methylphenidate during different time periods; 4 patient-control studies (53,192 exposed to methylphenidate and 19,906 controls); 177 non-comparative cohort studies (2,207,751 participants); 2 cross-sectional studies (96 participants) and 70 patient reports/series (206 participants). Participants' ages ranged from 3 years to 20 years. Risk of bias in the included comparative studies ranged from moderate to critical, with most studies showing critical risk of bias. We evaluated all non-comparative studies at critical risk of bias. The GRADE quality rating of the evidence was very low. Primary outcomes In the comparative studies, methylphenidate increased the risk ratio (RR) of serious adverse events (RR 1.36, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.17 to 1.57; 2 studies, 72,005 participants); any psychotic disorder (RR 1.36, 95% CI 1.17 to 1.57; 1 study, 71,771 participants); and arrhythmia (RR 1.61, 95% CI 1.48 to 1.74; 1 study, 1224 participants) compared to no intervention. In the non-comparative cohort studies, the proportion of participants on methylphenidate experiencing any serious adverse event was 1.20% (95% CI 0.70% to 2.00%; 50 studies, 162,422 participants). Withdrawal from methylphenidate due to any serious adverse events occurred in 1.20% (95% CI 0.60% to 2.30%; 7 studies, 1173 participants) and adverse events of unknown severity led to withdrawal in 7.30% of participants (95% CI 5.30% to 10.0%; 22 studies, 3708 participants). Secondary outcomes In the comparative studies, methylphenidate, compared to no intervention, increased the RR of insomnia and sleep problems (RR 2.58, 95% CI 1.24 to 5.34; 3 studies, 425 participants) and decreased appetite (RR 15.06, 95% CI 2.12 to 106.83; 1 study, 335 participants). With non-comparative cohort studies, the proportion of participants on methylphenidate with any non-serious adverse events was 51.2% (95% CI 41.2% to 61.1%; 49 studies, 13,978 participants). These included difficulty falling asleep, 17.9% (95% CI 14.7% to 21.6%; 82 studies, 11,507 participants); headache, 14.4% (95% CI 11.3% to 18.3%; 90 studies, 13,469 participants); abdominal pain, 10.7% (95% CI 8.60% to 13.3%; 79 studies, 11,750 participants); and decreased appetite, 31.1% (95% CI 26.5% to 36.2%; 84 studies, 11,594 participants). Withdrawal of methylphenidate due to non-serious adverse events occurred in 6.20% (95% CI 4.80% to 7.90%; 37 studies, 7142 participants), and 16.2% were withdrawn for unknown reasons (95% CI 13.0% to 19.9%; 57 studies, 8340 participants). Authors' conclusions: Our findings suggest that methylphenidate may be associated with a number of serious adverse events as well as a large number of non-serious adverse events in children and adolescents, which often lead to withdrawal of methylphenidate. Our certainty in the evidence is very low, and accordingly, it is not possible to accurately estimate the actual risk of adverse events. It might be higher than reported here. Given the possible association between methylphenidate and the adverse events identified, it may be important to identify people who are most susceptible to adverse events. To do this we must undertake large-scale, high-quality RCTs, along with studies aimed at identifying responders and non-responders. ER  - 
Suicidal bupropion ingestions in adolescents: increased morbidity compared with other antidepressants$$$ Objective: Bupropion is often categorized as a newer generation antidepressant and assessed with serotonin reuptake inhibitors as a lower risk than older tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs). The objective of this study was to compare outcomes in adolescent suicide from ingestions between bupropion and TCA medications. Study design: An analysis of the National Poison Data System for exposures coded “suspected suicide” in adolescents (age: 13–19) was undertaken for the years 2013–2016 and included TCAs or bupropion. We compared clinical effects, therapies and medical outcomes. Results: Over the four-year period there were 2253 bupropion and 1496 TCA adolescent suspected suicide calls. There was a significant linear increase in bupropion ingestions over the four years. Across all years, there were on average 189.2 (95% CI: 58.1–320.4; p =.01) more ingestions of bupropion than TCA. When comparing bupropion to a TCA, ingestions of bupropion were significantly more likely to be accompanied by seizure (30.7% vs 3.9%; p <.01), to be admitted (74.8% vs 61.6%; p <.01) and medical outcomes to be coded as a major outcome (19.3% vs 10.0%; p <.01). The number of cases with death or major clinical outcome for both increased over the four-year period. Ingestions of bupropion were less likely to have hypotension (2.7% vs 8.0%; p <.01) and less likely to be intubated (5.6% vs 16.4%; p <.01) as compared to ingestions of TCA. Conclusions: Adolescents who overdose on a single medication in a suicide attempt with bupropion have a statistically significant higher incidence of major outcomes and seizures. The risks of bupropion as a potential means of suicidal gesture by overdose must be considered, and weighed against its benefits and side effect profile when choosing an appropriate agent for the treatment of depression in adolescents. ER  - 
Do characteristics of marijuana use correspond to overall health levels for medical marijuana patients?$$$ The current study assesses how characteristics of medical marijuana use are related to general health status and past year change in health. An analytic sample of 312 patients were recruited from 16 medical marijuana dispensaries across Los Angeles, California. Patients completed a short intercept survey and a longer patient survey. Surveys asked information about health, marijuana use behaviors, preferred ways to use marijuana, marijuana recommendation, and sociodemographic information. Data were analyzed using hierarchical linear modeling of patients nested within dispensaries. For general health status, patients who smoke marijuana, have more medical conditions for which they received their medical marijuana recommendation, and use marijuana more times per day report lower levels of general health. The number of days using marijuana per month was related to worse health in the past year. Medical marijuana use does not appear to improve overall health status according to the results presented here, but is limited by the cross-sectional nature of the study. As the legalization of medical marijuana use continues to grow across the United States, identifying how marijuana is related to health will allow physicians to better determine who may benefit from its use. ER  - 
Patient reported adverse events among epileptic patients taking antiepileptic drugs$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to assess patient reported adverse events and associated factors among epileptic patients taking antiepileptic drugs on follow-up at University of Gondar Referral Hospital. Methods: Cross-sectional study was done on 354 adult epileptic patients. Patients who were on antiepileptic drugs for epilepsy treatment for less than a year, those who were below 18 years old, patients with incomplete information on the chart and those who were involuntary or uncooperative were excluded from the study. Data were entered in to SPSS version 20.0 for analysis. Bivariate and multivariate binary logistic regression analysis was done to see factors associated with antiepileptic drugs adverse effect. Level of statistical significance was declared at p ≤ 0.05. Result: Generalized tonic clonic seizure was the most common (86.2%) type of epilepsy. A total of 79 adverse events were reported. The most frequently encountered adverse events were fatigue (5.08%), gastrointestinal disturbance (4.24%) and sedation/depression (4.24%). Adverse drug effect of antiepileptic drugs was significantly associated with illiterate educational status, increased number of antiepileptic drugs, no seizure during last follow-up and last year, and 1–5 seizures for the last year. Conclusion: About one-sixth of epileptic patients reported adverse drug effects. Adverse drug effects were more commonly seen in patients with low educational status, increased number of antiepileptic drugs, absence of seizure during last follow-up and last year, and 1–5 seizures for the last year. So clinicians should give emphasis for patients with these characteristics to counsel on how to minimize or prevent adverse drug events from antiepileptic drugs or giving reassurance about it if it is minor. ER  - 
A systematic review of quality of life in parents of children with epilepsy$$$ Objectives: This systematic review aimed to 1) describe the quality of life (QOL) of parents of children with childhood-onset epilepsy (CWE), 2) identify factors associated with parental QOL, and 3) evaluate the association between parents' QOL and children's psychological well-being. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive search of MEDLINE, EMBASE, and PsycINFO and conducted forward and backward citation tracking. A total of 15 articles met inclusion criteria. Parents' QOL was compared with population norms, healthy controls, and parents of children with other chronic conditions. Factors associated with parental QOL were systematically evaluated. Results: Heterogeneity in study design and reporting prevented a meta-analytic synthesis of results. The majority of studies found that parents of CWE had poorer QOL relative to healthy controls or population norms and similar QOL as parents of children with other chronic conditions. In addition, poorer parental QOL was consistently associated with greater parental anxiety and depressive symptoms and poorer socioeconomic status and child QOL. Mothers had poorer QOL relative to fathers. Seizure control was not consistently associated with parental QOL. Results highlight the impact of family environment and psychosocial factors. Significance: This review suggests that parents of CWE have compromised QOL. The results are in line with previous research showing the interdependent nature of psychosocial and medical factors, with psychosocial factors playing a critical role in child and parental QOL and well-being. Interventions targeting the family unit are warranted, and healthcare providers should be aware of the bidirectional relationship of epilepsy, family environment, and child/parent health and well-being. ER  - 
Stroke and syphilis: A retrospective study of 53 patients$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to describe the clinical, biological and radiological characteristics of patients with syphilitic vasculitis, and to assess the outcome after treatment. Methodology: A retrospective review was carried out based on the records of patients with ischemic stroke, and reactive CSF TPHA and VDRL results. None of these patients showed symptoms of any other diseases or had received high doses of penicillin. Results: A total of 53 patients with stroke met the diagnostic criteria for syphilitic arteritis. Their average age was 41 ± 12 years. Nine patients had a history of genital ulcer (17%), and the median duration of illness after presenting a chancre was 8 [range: 1–14] years. A prodromal syndrome was seen in 27 patients (50.9%) and included changes in mental status in 14 patients (26.4%), seizures in 10 cases (18.9%), headache in eight (15.1%) and memory loss in seven (13.2%). Neurological events included focal motor deficits in 29 cases (54.7%), ataxia in 11 (20.8%) and movement disorders in 15 (28.3%). HIV serology was performed in 31 patients and proved negative in every case. Disease evolution was generally favorable: 12 patients (22.6%) were autonomous at the time of hospital discharge; 29 (54.7%) had partially recovered; and only seven (13.2%) still had signs of severe sequelae. Conclusion: A diagnosis of syphilitic stroke should be suspected in young patients as a manifestation of syphilis, and tests for neurosyphilis should be routine in neurology departments to make a prompt diagnosis, thereby preventing psychological sequelae. ER  - 
The ROME (Retrospective Observational Multicenter study on Eslicarbazepine) study: Efficacy and behavioural effects of Eslicarbazepine acetate as adjunctive therapy for adults with partial onset seizures in real life$$$ Purpose: Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is a third-generation member of the dibenzazepine family approved in 2009 by the European Medicines Agency with the indication of adjunctive therapy in adult people with partial-onset seizures (PPOS). We aimed at assessing the ESL impact on seizure frequency and quality of life in PPOS with a particular attention to sleepiness and depression. Methods: We evaluated 50 adult PPOS (>18 years; 48 ± 14 years-old; 23 males) treated with adjunctive ESL for ≥2months with a retrospective multi-centric design. Clinical files of the last 2 years were reviewed checking for monthly seizure frequency, treatment retention rate, adverse drug reactions (ADRs), concomitant anti-epileptic drugs and behavioural scales for sleepiness (Stanford Sleepiness Scale, SSS, and Epworth Sleepiness Scale, ESS), depression (Beck Depression Inventory-II, BDI) and overall quality of life (QOLIE-31). Results: At the end of 96 ± 28 days of ESL treatment, the mean seizure reduction was 56%; 60% of patients had seizure reduction above 50%, with a 31% of the whole population becoming seizure free. We reported 16 ADRs with 4 hyponatremia. Retention rate was 76%. Patient reported less sleepiness after ESL (SSS, p = 0.031; ESS, p = 0.0000002). Before ESL, 38% of patients had pathologic BDI scores, which normalized in most of them (73%) after ESL (BDI improvement, p = 0.000012). These scores resulted in an amelioration of quality of life (QOLIE-31, p = 0.000002). Conclusions: ESL is a safe and effective anti-epileptic drug in a real life scenario, with an excellent behavioural profile for the overall quality of life and, in particular, for sleepiness and depression. ER  - 
OUTCOMES OF A BEHAVIORAL WEIGHT-MANAGEMENT PROGRAM IS AFFECTED BY PHYSICIAN-PRESCRIBED OBESOGENIC MEDICATIONS$$$ Background: Current AHA/ACC/TOS obesity treatment guidelines recommend replacing obesogenic medications with weight-neutral or anorexigenic medications. It is unclear whether physician non-adherence to these recommendations contributes to poor weight loss outcomes. Our aim is to determine whether physician-prescribed obesogenic medications negatively affect weight loss outcomes in patients who participated in the MOVE! program, an evidence-based behavioral weight management course. Methods: This is a single-center retrospective cohort study of 666 patients within Veterans Health Administration health system that participated in the MOVE! program between January 2011 - December 2015. We identified a list of 43 obesogenic medications. Veterans were divided in two groups based on obesogenic medication prescriptions. Meds group were patients had at least one obesogenic medication in their drug regimen and control group were had none. We compared the total weight loss (TWL) at the conclusion of the MOVE! program. Information about demographics, comorbidities, weight at intake, and program completion, were recorded. Logistic regression was used to compare the outcome as categorical variable, ≥5%TWL of each group the end of MOVE!, since this has been recognized as the threshold for clinically significant weight loss. Results: Approximately 62% (n = 411) of patients entering MOVE! were on obesogenic drugs. There were differences in baseline characteristics, where the Meds group was older, had a higher baseline BMI, and was more likely to have hypertension, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, major depression, and seizure disorder. Patients on obesogenic medications were less likely to achieve a clinically meaningful ≥5%TWL at the end of MOVE! compared with the control group, (odds ratio [OR], 0.631; 95% CI, 0.422-0.943; P = 0.025, after controlling for these differences between the groups). Number of obesogenic medications appeared to be a significant predictor of ≥5%TWL as higher number of medications translated to a poorer %TWL, with patients receiving 3 or more medications (n=72) losing the least amount of weight compared with the control group, (OR, 0.642; 95% CI, 0.486-0.848]; P = 0.002, after controlling for differences between the groups). Anti-psychotics, anti-histamines, and anti-diabetics were more likely to affect weight loss outcomes. Conclusions: Patients who participated in an evidence-based behavioral weight management course were less likely to achieve 5% TWL if they were on physician-prescribed obesogenic medications. This suggests that physician non-adherence to AHA/ACC/TOS obesity treatment recommendation to remove obesogenic medications from patients with obesity can negatively affect weight loss outcomes. ER  - 
Pregabalin for anxiety in patients with schizophrenia — A randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study$$$ Introduction: Anxiety is frequent in patients with schizophrenia and poses a major impact on patients perceived quality of life, daily functioning and risk of suicide. Pregabalin has shown effective in the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder and has been suggested for the treatment of anxiety in patients with schizophrenia. As evidence is sparse regarding treatment of anxiety in this patient group, we aimed to investigate the use of pregabalin for anxiety in patients with schizophrenia. Methods: A randomized, double-blind placebo controlled study was used. Patients were randomized to either placebo or pregabalin (≤ 600 mg/d) as add-on treatment. Primary analyses were intention-to-treat based with change in Hamilton Anxiety Scale after 4 and 8 weeks of treatment as primary outcome. Secondary outcomes were change in psychopathology, quality-of-life, cognitive functioning and sleep. The study used centralized raters to increase accuracy and minimize baseline inflation. Results: A total of 54 patients were included with 46 completing the study. Pregabalin reduced the HAM-A6 score significantly compared to placebo and with a medium effect size 0.72 (p = 0.01). No significant between-group difference was found for the overall HAM-A14. Most common side-effects were weight gain, dizziness, sedation and increased duration of sleep. Conclusions: Although no effect was found on overall HAM-A14, pregabalin might be effective in the treatment of psychic anxiety symptoms in patients with schizophrenia with a medium effect size. ER  - 
Growing older with drug-resistant epilepsy: cognitive and psychosocial outcomes$$$ We aimed to investigate the cognitive and psychosocial outcomes of patients older than 50 with drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy as compared to a younger cohort. One hundred and thirty-one patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (47% age ≥ 50) who underwent comprehensive neuropsychological testing were retrospectively identified. A comparison of percentage of Z scores < − 1.5 between the older and younger cohort on Trail Making Tests A and B, Boston Naming Test, Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test (RAVLT) delayed recall, and Rey–Osterrieth complex figure test delayed recall was performed as well as the presence of disability due to epilepsy and depression scores. Grading of white matter hyperintensities on MRI was also performed. Older patients with epilepsy were more likely to score Z < − 1.5 on the RAVLT (54.1 vs 32.8%) and were more likely to be on disability due to their seizures (23.0 vs 5.7%). A higher grade of white matter hyperintensities correlated with worse performance on Trail Making Test A, while a higher number of anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) correlated with worse performance on Trail Making Test B regardless of age. The results of this study reveal that older patients with drug-resistant epilepsy are a vulnerable population with an impaired cognitive profile. In addition, limiting the number of AEDs and addressing markers of small vessel disease should also be prioritized by clinicians. ER  - 
Value of clinical features to differentiate refractory epilepsy from mimics: a prospective longitudinal cohort study$$$ Background and purpose: Misdiagnosis of refractory epilepsy (rE) is common and such patients experience a long diagnostic delay. Our aim was to identify key clinical/laboratory factors in order to obtain an alternative diagnosis in patients referred for rE. Methods: Between January 2010 and December 2015, 125 consecutive patients with a diagnosis of rE were prospectively enrolled. All patients underwent a comprehensive neurological, neuropsychiatric and cardiological evaluation, and had an observation time of at least 1 year after the study entry. Results: Diagnosis of rE was confirmed in 104/125 (83.2%) patients (55 women, mean age 38.8 ± 14.3 years). Thirteen/125 patients (10.4%, seven women, mean age 50.8 ± 20.9) were diagnosed with syncope, which was cardiac/cardio inhibitory in 9/13 (69%). The remaining 8/125 patients (6.4%, six women, mean age 41.2 ± 14.6 years) were diagnosed with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. Age at onset had a high accuracy in differentiating patients with syncope from others, with the best cut-off age at 35 years and above. Abnormal brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) had a significant yield of about 70% in rE. A diagnostic model including age at onset and brain MRI was highly accurate in differentiating patients with syncope from others. In patients with cardiac/cardio inhibitory syncope, the point score of historical features was ≥1 and falsely favoured the diagnosis of epileptic seizures. Conclusions: This prospective cohort study identifies rE mimics who are at high risk of morbidity and mortality. rE starting in adulthood should raise a high suspicion of cardiac syncope. Brain MRI is accurate in differentiating rE from other conditions. ER  - 
A retrospective study of the neuropathology and diagnosis of naturally occurring feline infectious peritonitis$$$ Feline infectious peritonitis (FIP) is one of the most important viral diseases of cats worldwide. Our study describes the neuropathology and the diagnostic features of 26 cases of FIP in domestic cats. The average age of affected individuals was 11.8 mo, and there was no sex or breed predisposition. Clinical neurologic signs were noted in 22 cases, and rabies was clinically suspected in 11 cases. Twenty cats had lesions in multiple organs, and 6 cats had lesions only in the brain. Gross neuropathologic changes occurred in 15 cases and consisted of hydrocephalus (10 cases), cerebellar herniation through the foramen magnum (6 cases), cerebral swelling with flattening of gyri (2 cases), and accumulation of fibrin within ventricles (2 cases) or leptomeninges (1 case). Histologically, 3 main distinct distributions of neuropathologic changes were observed, namely periventricular encephalitis (12 cases), rhombencephalitis (8 cases), and diffuse leptomeningitis with superficial encephalitis (6 cases). Fresh tissue samples were submitted for fluorescent antibody testing (FAT) after autopsy in 17 cases, and positive results were found in only 7 cases. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) for feline coronavirus confirmed the diagnosis in all 26 cases. IHC appears to be a more sensitive and reliable test for confirmation of FIP than is FAT. ER  - 
Real world experience with lacosamide monotherapy- a single center 1-year follow-up study$$$ Purpose: Reporting of ‘real-world’ data on efficacy and tolerability of antiepileptic medications helps to inform physicians on how newer medications perform in the clinical setting, outside of the strict regimens of clinical trials. We report our experience of prescribing lacosamide monotherapy to a diverse range of patients at our epilepsy centre. Methods: We performed a single-centre, retrospective review of all patients who had been prescribed lacosamide monotherapy over the last 8 years. Efficacy is pragmatically reported based on reduction of seizure frequency and lacosamide retention rates. Results: We identified 45 patients who were commenced on lacosamide monotherapy. Intent-to-treat analysis demonstrated a 51% (n = 23) 12 month retention rate. Forty percent (n = 18) achieved a greater than 50% reduction in seizure frequency and 35.5% (n = 16) became seizure free. Conclusions: We report real-world data showing a significant reduction in seizure frequency, a moderate rate of retention and an excellent side effect profile in our cohort of patients prescribed lacosamide monotherapy. ER  - 
Speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (LAP-ST) versus right unilateral ultra-brief ECT$$$ Background: Standard ECT is indicated in many guidelines and some studies for acute remission of suicidality. The effect of a novel form of ECT: low amplitude seizure therapy (LAPECT) on suicidality is unknown. The aim of this report is to: 1) Provide an interim/safety analysis of a randomized clinical trial of LAP-ST versus Right Unilateral (RUL) standard ECT (ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT02583490), 2) Determine the speed of remission of suicidality between the 2 study conditions. Methods: Ten patients clinically indicated for ECT in major depressive episodes consented to this study. Patients were randomized to either LAP-ST or standard ECT (both 3 times/ week). The scores pertaining to the suicidal ideation (SI) item on the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) were analyzed using an independent-sample t-test to compare the 2 arms of the study. SI item remission was defined as clinically non-significant suicidality of 2 or below. Results: In both groups, suicidality remitted by session 3 on average; and remission occurred for all patients by session 4. There was no significant difference in the SI change score for the LAP-ST group (5.0, SD=1.0) compared to standard RUL ECT group (3.0, SD=1.0) conditions; t(4)=-2.45, p = 0.07 Conclusions: In this pilot interim analysis, LAP-ST seems safe in terms of having fast remission of suicidality in depressed patients, and the remission was not different than standard ECT. These findings warrant replication in larger clinical trials. ER  - 
Open trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in youth with treatment-resistant major depression$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is common in youth and treatment options are limited. We evaluated the effectiveness and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in adolescents and transitional aged youth with treatment-resistant MDD. Methods: Thirty-two outpatients with moderate to severe, treatment-resistant MDD, aged 13 e 21 years underwent a three-week, open-label, single center trial of rTMS. rTMS was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using neuronavigation and administered for 15 consecutive weekdays (120% rest motor threshold; 40 pulses over 4 seconds [10 Hz]; inter-train interval, 26 seconds; 75 trains; 3000 pulses). The primary outcome measure was change in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (Ham-D). Treatment response was defined as a greater than 50% reduction in Ham-D scores. Safety and tolerability were also examined. Results: rTMS was effective in reducing MDD symptom severity (t = 8.94, df = 31, p < 0.00001). We observed 18 (56%) responders (greater than 50% reduction in Ham-D score) and 14 non-responders to rTMS. Fourteen subjects (44%) achieved remission (Ham-D score - 7 post-rTMS). There were no serious adverse events (i.e. seizures). Mild to moderate, self-limiting headaches (19%) and mild neck pain (16%) were reported. Participants ranked rTMS as highly tolerable. The retention rate was 91% and compliance rate (completing all study events) was 99%. Conclusions: Our single center, open trial suggests that rTMS is a safe and effective treatment for youth with treatment- resistant MDD. Larger randomized controlled trials are needed. ER  - 
The off-label use of carbamazepine in Indonesia$$$ Objective:. In Indonesia, carbamazepine was approved by The National Agency of Drugs And Foods Controls for the prophylaxis of lithium unresponsive manic-depressive disorders, all types of epilepsy (except for petit mal), and trigeminal neuralgia. This study was conducted to determine the off-label use of carbamazepine in Indonesia. Methods: This research is a nonexperimental descriptive study with a cross-sectional method. Data collection retrospectively by taking all patients that were prescribed carbamazepine in 2014. Data were obtained from four general hospitals in Yogyakarta. The off-label use of carbamazepine was defined a prescribing of carbamazepine outside the indication that approved by The National Agency for Drugs And Foods Controls of Republic of Indonesia (NA-DFC). Results: The use of carbamazepine in 2014 were 704 prescriptions, and on 251 (35.6%) of them were off-label drug use. The off-label use of carbamazepine were 149 prescriptions (59.4%) for neuropathic pain, 83 prescriptions (33.0%) for nociceptive pain, and 19 prescriptions (7.6%) for other indications. Conclusion: The mostly off-label use of carbamazepine in Indonesia was in neuropathic pain with low evidence. Further research to study the efficacy and the risk of off-label use of carbamazepine may be an essential step toward defining the potential for such purpose. ER  - 
Various clinical features of patients with anti-Hu associated paraneoplastic neurological syndromes$$$ To describe and analyze the clinical features and prognosis of patients with anti-Hu associated paraneoplastic neurological syndromes (PNS). The symptoms, MRI findings, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) changes, electroencephalogram (EEG) characteristics and prognoses of 9 well-diagnosed anti-Hu associated PNS patients were analyzed. The study enrolled 6 female and 3 male patients. Three patients presented with vertigo and 6 patients exhibited a depressed mood, numbness of the lower limbs, generalized pains, seizures, mental disturbances, and a temporary unilateral hand tremor on initial presentation. Three patients presented with MRI abnormalities localized in the mesial temporal lobe and the thalamus. Abnormal interictal EEG readings were observed in all 5 patients who underwent EEG study. Four patients were found lung cancer (3 during hospitalization, 1 during follow-up). Seven patients were treated with immunotherapy and improved in symptoms. Three patients died during follow-up (2 with lung cancer). The clinical manifestation of anti-Hu associated PNS is diverse and multifocal. EEG may be more sensitive than MRI for early diagnosis of PNS. Long-term follow-up for patients with CT-negative anti-Hu associated PNS is necessary. ER  - 
Quick Flicks: Association of Paroxysmal Kinesigenic Dyskinesia and Tics$$$ Background: Paroxysmal kinesigenic dyskinesia (PKD) is a rare disorder characterised by brief attacks of chorea, dystonia, or mixed forms precipitated by sudden movement. Methods: Observational study with a cohort of 14 PKD patients and genetic testing for PRRT2 mutations. Results: In a series of 14 PKD patients seen in our clinic at the National Hospital of Neurology, Queen Square, from 2012–2017, we noted tics in 11 patients (79%), which stand in stark contrast to the estimated lifetime prevalence of tics estimated to reach 1%. Conclusions: The two reasons to point out this possible association are the clinical implications and the potential opportunity of a better understanding of shared pathophysiological mechanisms of neuronal hyperexcitability. ER  - 
Clinical and electroencephalographic correlates of ictal spitting$$$ Introduction: Ictal spitting is a rarely reported, stereotyped nonpurposeful automatism behavior which surfaces during a complex partial seizure. It is similar to other behaviors frequently seen in temporal lobe seizures which include lip smacking, swallowing, and chewing movements. The underlying mechanism of both ictal and post ictal automatisms is unclear. It is hypothesized that this occurs as a result of the activation of areas mediating gastrointestinal function and emotional behavior. Such areas include the amygdala and the insula specifically on the non-dominant side due to the functional asymmetry of the central autonomic network. Methods: Charts and video-EEGs (Electroencephalograms) of a patient with temporal lobe epilepsy were retrospectively reviewed. Video-EEG recordings were reviewed for clinical events including ictal spitting and temporally associated EEG changes. Results: Patient experienced an aura before the onset of seizures in the form of an epigastric sensation followed by spitting. Examination of the video revealed gross spitting. A clear electroencephalographic correlate preceded the clinical event by 10-25 s. Characteristic predominantly fast, high-amplitude theta (5-7 Hz) waves were seen in the right temporal lobe, the hemisphere of seizure onset. The total duration of the seizure was approximately 60 s. The patient had focal EEG findings consistent with focal epilepsy. No evidence of generalized epilepsy or non-epileptic seizure events was identified. Conclusion: Ictal spitting is a rare feature in epileptic seizures characterized by automatisms. Automatisms are known to have a lateralizing value in temporal lobe epilepsy. The epileptic zone is most frequently found in the right, non-dominant temporal lobe. Extremely rare cases of the seizure involving the left dominant temporal lobe or involving a seizure focus outside of the temporal lobe are reported in literature. ER  - 
The occurrence of nonepileptic events in children with intractable epilepsy: Findings from a single centre prospective audit$$$ Introduction: Nonepileptic events are known to occur in persons with epilepsy, which could have a bearing on patient outcomes for those undergoing epilepsy surgery. Methods: Over an 8 year period (2008-2017) 264 consecutive pediatric patients (age range 5 months to 17 years, mean 10.4 years, 145 males) were enrolled in our Children's Epilepsy Surgery Service. Patients had been diagnosed with epilepsy on clinical and routine EEG grounds, and were deemed pharmaco-resistant based on their failure to respond to 2 or more anti-epileptic drugs at adequate doses for 6 months or more. As part of their pre-surgical work-up patients were admitted for 3-5 days of Video EEG (VEEG) monitoring to characterize their seizures, according to a standard recording protocol (Pressler et al., 2017). Results: We prospectively identified epileptic seizures in 224 children (85%), confirming the clinical diagnosis, and/or stereotypic nonepileptic events (NEE) without electrographic changes in 129 (49%). We excluded the usual paroxysmal events that can mimic seizures, including syncope, parasomnias, cardiac arrhythmia, and migraine. The videoed NEE were reviewed when appropriate with the patient's parents or carers; confirmed as being habitual and that they had been erroneously attributed to ictal activity.This gave a VEEG-confirmed co-existence of epileptic seizures and NEE of 41%, compared to 10-50% in the Non-Epileptic Attack Disorder literature (Francis and Baker, 1999). Conclusion: We conclude that it is common to encounter concurrent epileptic and nonepileptic events in pediatric patients with medically intractable epilepsy. Our figure of 41% is higher than the reported occurrence of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in recent retrospective VEEG series of pediatric populations, when the clinical question was the differential diagnosis of epilepsy (33%) (Szabo et al., 2012), including pre-surgical evaluations (19%) (Riquet et al., 2011). Whilst not a contra-indication to epilepsy surgery per se the co-existence of NEE (or PNES) should be borne in mind when managing and counselling pediatric patients and their family or carers. ER  - 
Epilepsy, developmental delay and group homes: Role of the epilepsy monitoring unit to improve the management of seizures$$$ Introduction: A significant proportion of the developmental delay (DD) population has epilepsy (26-70%) and lives in institutions. These patients' communication skills are significantly limitated. They tend to have an atypical presentation of epileptic seizures, higher risk of misdiagnosis, greater number of seizures, and SUDEP. Also, this population often has drug resistant epilepsy requiring polypharmacy with increased risk of morbidity. On top of that, the support workers are not supervising the patients 24 h a day and frequently change making it difficult to have a complete medical history of the patients, increasing the risk of none identified the seizures. The aim of this study was to determine usefulness of Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) in diagnosis and management of these patients. Methods: This is a retrospective observational study at London Health Sciences center (LHSC) of epileptic patients with DD living in institutions that were admitted to the EMU, from January 2014 to December 2016. Results: 1121 patients were admitted to the EMU and 2.05% (N = 23) fulfilled the inclusion criteria. The mean age was 38.8 (20-71), 52.2% (N = 12) were male and 78.3% (N = 18) had generalized epilepsy. Epilepsy onset was at age 6.4 (SD ± 6). 26.1% (N = 6) had a history of Status Epilepticus, 26.1(=6) of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. The mean number of antiepileptic medications was 3(1-5). 17.4% (N = 4) were implanted with VNS. 39% (N = 9) had poor or none verbal language and 56.5% (N = 13) had moderate-severe developmental delay 52.2% (N = 12) had mood disorder and 30.4% (N = 7) were taking antipsychotic medication. The mean admission time was 7.14 days (2-18). 88.2% (N = 20) daily seizures and 67% (N = 14) had mores seizures than the caregivers were noticed. There was a good correlation between of the behavioral events and seizures in 82.6% (N = 19) of the patients, answering the reason of the admission in EMU. Conclusion: EMU admission can allows differentiating behavioral changes from seizures, quantify the real frequency of the seizures and severity of them. That information is helpful to improve seizure management and quality of life. ER  - 
Using surface electromyography to differentiate between generalized tonic-clonic seizures and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Introduction: It is estimated that 25% of patients previously diagnosed with epilepsy who are not responding to anti-epileptic drugs are found to have psychogenic non-epilepsy seizures (PNES). Using frequency and amplitude analyses, the utility of this device can be expanded to provide diagnostic information that may help in the differentiation between captured GTCS and PNES recordings. Methods: In a multicenter, phase III trial of the sEMG monitoring device with concomitant vEEG recording, 29 GTC seizures and 11 motor PNES were classified by three ABPN certified epileptologists (via vEEG) while patients were wearing the sEMG recording device. Of these events, 1 of the motor PNES events had electrode issues that affected the sEMG recording. The sEMG for the remaining 10 PNES and 10 randomly selected GTCS were divided into 2-min epochs for feature extraction and analysis. The primary analysis technique involved the transformation of the sEMG data into frequency-driven traces. The two traces were summated wavelet-transform output coefficients from high frequency, 150-260 Hz, and low frequency, 6-70 Hz, ranges, and provide relative magnitude in arbitrary units, (a.u.). An algorithm was developed for extracting features from the traces, most notably the area under the curve (AUC). The AUC of each the high and low frequency traces, as well as the ratio of high/low AUCs, were calculated for the regions within each epoch that met the criteria of being above a threshold that defines baseline data. The AUC ratios for GTCS and PNES were compared using unpaired student's t-test with Bonferoni correction and found to be significant if p < .05. Results: The AUC for the high and low frequency traces, as well as the ratio between the high/low frequency traces for GTCS and PNES were calculated. For a GTC, the high frequency AUC was 3,078,615 ± 936,305 a.u., and the low frequency AUC was 16,921,510 ± 4,995,778 a.u. for events captured lasting 50.47 ± 2.48 s. For a PNES, the high frequency AUC was 5873 ± 4355 a.u., and the low frequency AUC was 1,336,344 ± 756,219 a.u. for an average of 87.41 ± 6.10 s captured. An average of the AUC ratios were found statically different between GTCS (0.26 ± 0.09 a.u.) and PNES (0.002 ± 0.002 a.u., p = .018). Conclusion: sEMG data, recorded by the Brain Sentinel® device, is sufficient to differentiate muscle activity during GTCS from that recorded during PNES events. The most impactful attribute was the absence of high frequency data in PNES events, with a strong presence in GTCS, with predominance in the tonic phase. The AUC ratio mitigates comparison artifact that could arise from variable seizure energy amplitude or duration, and an important tool for seizure comparison. The features presented in this abstract will provide the tools necessary to differentiate GTCS and PNES using sEMG. ER  - 
Outcome of prolonged EEG-video monitoring in a new V.A. monitoring unit$$$ Introduction: For patients with refractory seizures or seizure-like activity, prolonged inpatient video-EEG (v-EEG) monitoring is standard of care to guide diagnosis and management. With the advent of the “Epilepsy Centers of Excellence (ECOE)” in the VA system, many V.A. hospitals have developed an epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU). The purpose of this study was to describe the outcome of v-EEG monitoring in a new VA EMU. Methods: In this retrospective study, we reviewed the diagnoses of all prolonged (>24 h) inpatient v-EEGs performed in our EMU at the James A Haley VA in Tampa, Florida. A total of 195 prolonged inpatient v-EEGs were performed over a four-year period (11/2013-10/2017). The patient population consisted of adult veterans (171 males, 24 females) ranging of 22-84 years old. The duration of monitoring ranged from 24 h to 7 days (mean 3 days). The outcomes of monitoring were then categorized as epileptic seizures (ES) (generalized versus focal ), interictal epileptiform abnormalities without a clinical event (IIAE), psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), other nonepileptic seizures (NES), non-diagnostic events (event captured was not the event in question or milder form of the typical event), and lastly those which were inconclusive (no event captured and no IIAE). Results: Of the 195 studies, 44 (23%) had exclusively epileptic seizures (ES). Of these, 42 (95%) had focal seizures, and 2 (5%) had generalized seizures. Of the 42 cases with focal seizures, all but 2 had clear ictal changes on EEG. Both of the generalized seizures had clear ictal correlates on EEG. Twenty-two (11%) EEG studies revealed interictal epileptiform abnormalities without a clinical event. Fiftythree (27%) of the v-EEGs had exclusively non-epileptic events. Of these, 21 (∼11%) were psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and 32 (16%) were other non-epileptic seizures (NES) such as syncope, hypnic jerks or subjective non-motor symptoms such as head pain or dizziness. There was only one case of mixed ES and PNES. Seventy-five (38%) of the studies were inconclusive, either due to lack of events captured (52) or because the events recorded were not the patient's typical episodes (23). Conclusion: A significant portion of the prolonged inpatient v-EEGs done during this time period was inconclusive. A possible explanation is that patients with infrequent events were often referred for v-EEG, and a longer monitoring period may be needed. The criteria of selecting patients for video-EEG may have to be better defined. There were less PNES than expected even within the NES group. This could be a result of the sample population, which consisted predominantly of males, whereas PNES occur more commonly in females. Another possible explanation is that at our center PNES are often captured during outpatient v-EEGs performed prior to EMU admission. The main limitation is that this study represents a single center. Future studies compiling data from all 16 VA ECOEs may help to better refine this data. ER  - 
Economic burden of diagnosed chronic migraine and diagnosed episodic migraine patients in a large US health insurer's population$$$ Objectives: Limited data exists on healthcare costs associated with chronic migraine (CM) and episodic migraine (EM) using administrative claims data. To compare the 12-month healthcare costs between patients diagnosed with CM and EM using claims data. Methods: This was a retrospective study using 2013-2016 data from a large US health insurer. The sampling frame included patients aged ≥ 18 years with ≥ 2 migraine diagnoses (346.xx) at least 30 days apart with the date of the earliest migraine claim between 7/1/14 and 6/30/15 assigned as the index date. Patients were required to be continuously enrolled for 12 months pre/post-index date. Patients with ≥ 2 CM diagnoses (346.7x) at least 30 days apart were assigned to the diagnosed CM group. The diagnosed EM group consisted of patients with ≥ 2 non-CM migraine diagnoses (346.xx without 346.7x) and absence of any evidence of CM (i.e. no claim for 346.7x or onabotulinumtoxinA) during the entire study period. The 12-month post-index total direct all-cause costs (total, medical, and pharmacy costs) were compared between the diagnosed CM and EM groups. Generalized linear models controlling for patient age, gender, region, plan type, Elixhauser and other migraine-related comorbidities (mood disorders, pain, allergic rhinitis, irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorder and epilepsy) were used to estimate adjusted costs. Results: The study included 5,555 diagnosed CM and 34,690 EM patients. After adjusting for the potential confounders, diagnosed CM patients ($22,103) demonstrated significantly higher total direct costs than EM patients ($17,225, p< 0.05). Mean adjusted medical costs (CM= $17,265 vs. EM= $14,210) and adjusted pharmacy costs (CM= $4,925 vs. EM= $3,011) were also higher in the diagnosed CM than EM (p< 0.05). Conclusions: Diagnosed CM was associated with significantly higher total, medical and prescription costs than the diagnosed EM. Appropriate measures are needed to ensure that CM patients are diagnosed and better managed to reduce overall healthcare costs. ER  - 
Epidemiology of multimorbidity in New Zealand: A cross-sectional study using national-level hospital and pharmaceutical data$$$ Objectives To describe the prevalence of multimorbidity (presence of two or more long-Term health conditions) in the New Zealand (NZ) population, and compare risk of health outcomes by multimorbidity status. Design Cross-sectional analysis for prevalence of multimorbidity, with 1-year prospective follow-up for health outcomes. Setting NZ general population using national-level routine health data on hospital discharges and pharmaceutical dispensing. Participants All NZ adults (aged 18+, n=3 489 747) with an active National Health Index number at the index date (1 January 2014). Outcome measures Prevalence of multimorbidity was calculated using two data sources: prior routine hospital discharge data (61 ICD-10 coded diagnoses from the M3 multimorbidity index); and recent pharmaceutical dispensing records (30 conditions from the P3 multimorbidity index). Methods Prevalence of multimorbidity was calculated separately for the two data sources, stratified by age group, sex, ethnicity and socioeconomic deprivation, and age and sex standardised to the total population. One-year risk of poor health outcomes (mortality, ambulatory sensitive hospitalisation (ASH) and overnight hospital admission) was compared by multimorbidity status using logistic regression adjusted for confounders. Results Prevalence of multimorbidity was 7.9% using past hospital discharge data, and 27.9% using past pharmaceutical dispensing data. Prevalence increased with age, with a clear socioeconomic gradient and differences in prevalence by ethnicity. Age and sex standardised risk of 1-year mortality was 2.7% for those with multimorbidity (defined on hospital discharge data), and 0.5% for those without multimorbidity (age and sex-Adjusted OR 4.8, 95% CI 4.7 to 5.0). Risk of ASH was also increased for those with multimorbidity (eg, pharmaceutical discharge definition: Age and sex-standardised risk 6.2%, compared with 1.8% for those without multimorbidity; age and sex-Adjusted OR 3.6, 95% CI 3.5 to 3.6). Conclusions Multimorbidity is common in the NZ adult population, with disparities in who is affected. Providing for the needs of individuals with multimorbidity requires collaborative and coordinated work across the health sector. ER  - 
Overlapping autoimmune syndromes in patients with glial fibrillary acidic protein antibodies$$$ Background: Glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) astrocytopathy, an autoimmune central nervous system disorder with a specific GFAP-IgG, often coexists with other antibodies. Objective: The aim of this article was to study overlapping syndromes in autoimmune GFAP astrocytopathy. Methods: Antibody was detected by indirect immunofluorescence assay. Patient data were analyzed retrospectively. Results: Thirty patients with positive GFAP-IgG were included, of whom 10 were defined as overlapping syndrome. Four patients with positive aquaporin-4 (AQP4)-IgG, two with N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor-IgG, three with unknown neuronal antibodies, and one with double AQP4 and myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein-IgG were identified. GFAP-IgG and other specific antibodies occurred simultaneously at the initial attack in eight patients. The main symptoms included fever, headache, ataxia, psychosis, hypersomnia, dyskinesia, dementia, seizure, myelitis, and optical symptoms. Brain magnetic resonance imaging in four patients revealed characteristic radial enhancing patterns in the white matter. Cortical abnormalities were found in four patients. Other brain abnormalities occurred in the hypothalamus, midbrain, pons, medulla, cerebellum, and meninges. Six patients exhibited lesions in the spinal cord. In a subgroup study, patients with overlapping syndrome were younger at onset than those with non-overlapping syndrome. Conclusion: Overlapping antibodies are common in GFAP astrocytopathy. ER  - 
Psychiatric symptoms delay the diagnosis of anti-LGI1 encephalitis$$$ The aim of this study was to analyze the detailed characteristics of the psychiatric symptoms in patients with anti-LGI1 encephalitis. Of 16 patients, ten showed psychiatric symptoms as the initial manifestations. All 10 patients experienced mood-related symptoms. The time to immune therapy was longer in those with initial psychiatric symptoms compared to those without them. Initial manifestation of psychiatric symptoms in patients with anti-LGI1 encephalitis may be a poor prognostic factor, at least in the short term, in that it misleads both the patients and the clinicians to neglect the typically accompanied symptoms of the disease such as faciobrachial dystonic seizure, delaying the timing of immune therapy. ER  - 
Recreational drug use at a major music festival: trend analysis of anonymised pooled urine$$$ Objective: The spread of new psychoactive substances (NPS) has expanded rapidly in the last decade. The complexity of the pharmacological effects of NPS challenges the traditional treatment guidelines, and information of the emergence of new arrivals is valuable. Our knowledge on the actual range of recreational drugs used and NPS available in Denmark is limited as identification is possible only when consumers become patients in the healthcare system or through drug seizures. We aimed to detect classical recreational drugs and NPS in the urine of music festival attendees and evaluate if the use of NPS could have been predicted by comparing study data with drug seizure data from the previous year published by European and Danish health authorities. Methods: In a cross-sectional study, 44 urine samples were collected from three urinals at Roskilde Festival 2016—the largest Danish music festival. Two urinals were placed at music stages with late-night concerts, and one urinal was placed at a camp site. Samples were prepared using enzymatic hydrolysis followed by cationic and anionic solid phase extraction, and analysed using ultra performance liquid chromatography-high-resolution time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-HR-TOF-MS). Data were processed using an in-house library of 467 target substances, including legal and illegal drugs and metabolites. Urine drug-screening immunoassays were also evaluated and results were compared to UPLC-HR-TOF-MS results. Results: In total, 77 drugs, including metabolites, were qualitatively identified in the 44 urine samples. The recreational drugs identified were amphetamine (n = 30), cocaine (n = 44), MDA (n = 40), MDMA (n = 44), THC-COOH (n = 19) and ketamine (n = 17). No NPS were identified. Sample testing using the urine drug-screening immunoassays showed presence of cocaine (n = 27), methamphetamine/MDMA (n = 4), THC (n = 7), “Spice” (n = 7) and methylphenidate (n = 1). These discrepancies might be caused by differences in cut-off values between the analytical methods, limited specificity or cross-reactivity of the urine drug-screening immunoassays compared to UPLC-HR-TOFMS results. Conclusion: Widespread uses of classical recreational drugs were identified in pooled urine samples. The prevalence of NPS was not as comprehensive as expected based on the European and Danish health authorities reports on illegal drugs. Urine drug-screening immunoassays results are advised to be confirmed by chromatographic bioanalysis. ER  - 
Prevalence and pattern of antipsychotic induced movement disorders in a tertiary care teaching hospital in India–a cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: To assess prevalence and pattern of movement disorders among patients taking antipsychotic medications. Methods: This cross-sectional, intensive monitoring (patient interview, case record form review and clinical examination) study was conducted in patients taking antipsychotic drugs irrespective of duration for the development of movement disorders. The psychiatrist used Modified Simpson-Angus Scale score (10-item scale), Barnes’ rating scale and Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale to diagnose parkinsonism, akathisia and tardive dyskinesia, respectively. We assessed movement disorders for the preventability and seriousness. Results: The overall prevalence of antipsychotic induced movement disorders was 5.67% (95% CI: 4.19–7.62). The prevalence of parkinsonism, akathisia and tardive dyskinesia was 5.10% (95% CI: 3.71–6.98), 0.85% (95% CI: 0.39–1.84) and 0.57% (95% CI: 0.22–1.45), respectively. There was a trend of high proportions of movement disorders in extreme of age group, female gender, patients treated with conventional antipsychotics, on poly therapy, patients of epilepsy with psychosis, schizophrenia and bipolar mood disorder. The movement disorder was lowest with quetiapine (2.02%). Conclusions: The higher use of atypical antipsychotics had reduced the occurrence of movement disorders in our setup. ER  - 
Perceived stigma and associated factors among children and adolescents with epilepsy in south western Uganda: A cross sectional study$$$ Purpose: To determine the prevalence of perceived stigma and its associated factors among children and adolescents with epilepsy in southwestern Uganda. Methods: We conducted a cross sectional study at a large referral hospital and a small rural health facility in Mbarara district, southwestern Uganda. Participants were aged 6–18 years being managed for epilepsy for at least 3 months, with no medical emergencies. Perceived stigma was measured using the Kilifi Stigma Scale of Epilepsy. Data on associated factors were collected by a pre-piloted investigator designed questionnaire. Logistic regression was used to determine associated factors considering 5% statistical significance. Results: Prevalence of high perceived stigma was 34% with higher levels among older children and adolescents. Children who had never attended school were more likely to report perceived stigma (62%). Factors associated with this stigma included having epilepsy related injuries or deformities (p = 0.022), other chronic illnesses (p = 0.009) and a longer duration of antiepileptic drug use (p = 0.004). Conclusions: Perceived stigma of epilepsy remains a major public health problem among children and adolescents and it is highly associated with preventable or modifiable factors. Therefore, there is need to design interventions that can address these factors in order to reduce the stigma and its potential future complications such as educational inequalities. ER  - 
Efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy in various psychiatric disorders: A hospital based longitudinal follow-up study$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) is one of the neurobiological therapies available for the treatment of various psychiatric disorders especially those resistant to pharmacotherapy or, where a rapid response is needed. Aim: To study the response of patients with different psychiatric disorders to ECT and study the relationship between seizure duration and response. Materials and Methods: It was a longitudinal study where a total of 40 patients were studied. Patients aged ≥12 years, who were resistant to pharmacotherapy or, having conditions where rapid response was warranted like suicidality or catatonia were included in our study as cases. A written informed consent was taken from all patients or their caretakers wherever necessary. Scales for assessment of various disorders were applied before and after treatment. Results: Majority of the patients 37.5% were in the age-group of 38-47 years followed by 22.5% in 28-37 years. Only 5% of patients were aged >60 years. Males were slightly higher in number as compared to females (21:19). Affective disorders formed the major group of the patients (75%) followed by schizophrenia (10%), obsessive compulsive disorder (10%) and mental retardation (5%). Overall, 75% of patients showed >50% response to ECT with maximum response seen in affective disorders. No significant relation was seen between seizure duration and response to ECT. Conclusion: ECT is very effective for treating various psychiatric disorders especially affective disorders. ECT is life saving in conditions like catatonia and suicidality. ER  - 
Ruptured dissecting aneurysms of the A1 segment of the anterior cerebral artery: three case reports and a review of the literature$$$ Dissecting aneurysms in the anterior cerebral artery (ACA), although rare, can cause ischemic and/or hemorrhagic stroke. Hemorrhagic dissecting aneurysms in the A1 portion of the ACA are often associated with a poor prognosis. We retrospectively investigated three rare cases of hemorrhagic dissecting aneurysms in the A1 portion. Dissecting aneurysms were diagnosed by carotid angiography or computed tomography angiography to visualize morphological changes in the vessel. All patients presented with diffuse subarachnoid hemorrhage. In one case, computed tomography angiography performed at the onset of the subarachnoid hemorrhage revealed fusiform dilatation at the right ACA (A1), which did not appear on a magnetic resonance angiogram obtained 1 year prior to the onset of the subarachnoid hemorrhage. In the other two cases, A1 dissecting aneurysms were diagnosed from a growing aneurysmal bulge revealed at a non-bifurcated site via repeated carotid angiography. Two patients underwent surgical intervention (trapping or clipping), and their outcome was favorable, whereas the third patient died of delayed rebleeding before receiving surgical treatment. Hemorrhagic dissecting aneurysms in the A1 portion cause severe subarachnoid hemorrhage. Surgical treatments that include revascularization are necessary to prevent rebleeding, and direct surgery is recommended, particularly at the A1 portion. ER  - 
Narcolepsy with cataplexy and pregnancy: a case–control study$$$ This was a retrospective case–control study in 25 patients with narcolepsy with cataplexy and 75 women in the control group. Patients completed the questionnaire by Maurovich-Horvat et al. (J. Sleep Res., 2013, 22: 496–512). We personally interviewed 25 patients with narcolepsy with cataplexy using the administered questionnaire regarding conception, pregnancy, delivery, perinatal and breastfeeding periods. Patients with narcolepsy with cataplexy reported 59 pregnancies versus 164 in the control group. In 16 cases (27.1%), a disease before pregnancy was present compared with eight cases (4.9%) in the control group (P < 0.001); among them, extrinsic asthma was reported 11 times in the narcolepsy with cataplexy group (P < 0.005). Patients with narcolepsy with cataplexy more often had a single pregnancy compared with controls (P < 0.05). Gestational diabetes was more frequent in patients with narcolepsy with cataplexy (P < 0.05). Induced deliveries were higher in controls (P < 0.009). No differences were found between the groups in terms of duration of pregnancies and complications during and after delivery, as during the puerperium. Neonates from patients had heavier birth weight (P < 0.015). The breastfeeding period was longer in patients (P < 0.01). Modafinil and methylphenidate were the drugs administered in six pregnancies. No significant differences in depression during pregnancy and during puerperium were found between patients and controls. This is the first case–control study in women with narcolepsy with cataplexy related to pregnancy, delivery, childbirth and puerperium. Data suggest that patients have pregnancy outcomes similar to controls. The prevalence of gestational diabetes was higher in women with narcolepsy with cataplexy. Caesarean sections, complications during delivery and normal perinatal period for infants were similar in both groups. Breastfeeding was longer in patients. ER  - 
Adjunctive perampanel in partial-onset seizures: Asia-Pacific, randomized phase III study$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of perampanel, a selective, non-competitive, α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) receptor antagonist, as an adjunctive treatment for patients with refractory partial-onset seizures (POS) from Asia-Pacific. Materials & methods: This multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01618695) involved patients aged ≥12 years with refractory POS (receiving 1-3 antiepileptic drugs). Patients were randomized (1:1:1:1) to receive once-daily placebo or perampanel 4, 8, or 12 mg over a 6-week titration and 13-week maintenance double-blind period. Enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs were equally stratified between groups. The primary efficacy endpoint was percent change in POS frequency per 28 days (double-blind phase vs baseline). Other efficacy endpoints included ≥50% responder rate and seizure freedom. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were also monitored. Results: Of 710 randomized patients, seizure frequency data were available for 704 patients. Median percent changes in POS frequency per 28 days indicated dose-proportional reductions in seizure frequency: −10.8% with placebo and −17.3% (P =.2330), −29.0% (P =.0003), and −38.0% (P <.0001) with perampanel 4, 8, and 12 mg, respectively. In total, 108 (15.3%) patients discontinued treatment; 44 (6.2%) due to TEAEs. TEAEs occurring in ≥5% of patients, and reported at least twice as frequently with perampanel vs placebo, included dizziness and irritability. Conclusions: Adjunctive perampanel (8 and 12 mg/d) significantly improved seizure control in patients with refractory POS. Safety and tolerability were acceptable at daily doses of perampanel 4-12 mg. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life in mothers of children with epilepsy: 10 years after diagnosis$$$ Purpose: Epilepsy in childhood extends far beyond seizures and affects child and parental well-being. The long-term impact of childhood-onset epilepsy on parental well-being is unknown. This study assessed health-related quality of life (HRQOL) in mothers 10 years after their child’s diagnosis of epilepsy. Methods: Data come from the Health-Related Quality of Life in Children with Epilepsy Study, a multicenter prospective cohort study of children with newly diagnosed epilepsy. Mothers completed a mailed questionnaire at the 10-year follow-up, which included the Short-Form Health Survey (SF-12-v2) to evaluate the physical and mental health components of their HRQOL. Block-wise linear regressions identified child/epilepsy, maternal/family, and maternal psychosocial factors associated with mothers’ HRQOL. Results: A total of 159 mothers participated in this study (46% of the sample assessed at baseline). At follow-up, 69% of youth had been seizure free for the past 5 years. Mothers scored similarly to population norms (mean: 50, SD: 10) on the mental health subscale (mean: 49.5, SD: 9.3) and significantly better on the physical health subscale (mean: 53.0, SD: 7.6). Better family resources were associated with higher (better) scores on the physical health subscale (B = 0.20; 95% CI 0.03, 0.36). Better family functioning (B = 0.34; 95% CI 0.06, 0.62), fewer maternal depressive symptoms (B = 0.33; 95% CI 0.20, 0.47), and perception of less stress (B = 0.70; 95% CI 0.52, 0.88) were associated with higher (better) scores on the mental health subscale. Conclusion: Ten years after the diagnosis of epilepsy in children, the HRQOL of mothers was similar to reports from women in the general population. This study identified factors contributing to better maternal HRQOL and highlights the importance of family environment over epilepsy-related variables. ER  - 
Human T-cell lymphotropic virus (HTLV)-associated encephalopathy: an under-recognised cause of acute encephalitis? Case series and literature review$$$ Human T-cell lymphotropic virus (HTLV)-1-associated myelopathy (HAM) is well described. Clinical features are predominantly consistent with cord pathology, though imaging and autopsy studies also demonstrate brain inflammation. In general, this is subclinical; however, six cases have previously been reported of encephalopathy in HTLV-1-infected patients, without alternative identified aetiology. We describe three further cases of encephalitis in the UK HAM cohort (n = 142), whereas the annual incidence of acute encephalitis in the general population is 0.07–12.6 per 100,000. Clinical features included reduced consciousness, fever/hypothermia, headaches, seizures, and focal neurology. Investigation showed: raised CSF protein; pleocytosis; raised CSF:peripheral blood mononuclear cell HTLV-1 proviral load ratio; and MRI either normal or showing white matter changes in brain and cord. Four of the six previous case reports of encephalopathy in HTLV-infected patients also had HAM. Histopathology, reported in three, showed perivascular predominantly CD8+ lymphocytic infiltrates in the brain. One had cerebral demyelination, and all had cord demyelination. We have reviewed the existing six cases in the literature, together with our three new cases. In all seven with HAM, the spastic paraparesis deteriorated sub-acutely preceding encephalitis. Eight of the nine were female, and four of the seven treated with steroids improved. We propose that HTLV-associated encephalopathy may be part of the spectrum of HTLV-1-induced central nervous system disease. ER  - 
Gender differences in clinical registration trials: is there a real problem?$$$ Aims: Several studies have reported the under-representation of women in clinical trials, thereby challenging the external validity of the benefit/risk assessments of launched drugs. Our aim was to determine the extent to which women have been included in clinical trials used for drug registration and to analyse the fraction of women participating in phases I, II and III. Methods: We conducted cross-sectional, structured research into publicly available registration dossiers of Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drugs that are prescribed frequently. Furthermore, we analysed compounds with high hepatic clearance and a known gender-related difference in drug response. In a sensitivity analysis, we compared figures with US disease prevalence data. Results: For 38 of the initial 137 drugs (28%), sufficient data were reported and publicly available. For these drugs, 185 479 trial participants were included, of whom 47% were female and 44% were male; gender was not reported for 9% of participants. However, the number of female participants varied with the phase of the trial, with 22% females in phase I trials vs. 48% and 49%, respectively, in phase II and III trials. When compared with US disease prevalence data, 10 drugs (26%) had a greater than 20% difference between the proportion of females affected with the disease compared with representation in clinical trials. Conclusions: From these publicly available data, there was no evidence of any systematic under-representation of women in clinical trials. ER  - 
Evaluating subjective cognitive impairment in the adult epilepsy clinic: Effects of depression, number of antiepileptic medications, and seizure frequency$$$ Objective: Subjective cognitive complaints are a frequent concern of patients with epilepsy. The Aldenkamp–Baker Neuropsychological Assessment Schedule (ABNAS) is a patient-reported scale validated to measure adverse cognitive effects of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). The goals of this study were to identify predictors of patient-reported cognitive dysfunction and to assess the relationship between subjective and objective cognitive impairment. Methods: The Cleveland Clinic Knowledge Program Data Registry was used to identify adult patients seen in outpatient epilepsy clinic from January to May 2015 and who completed the following scales: ABNAS for subjective cognitive impairment, Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) for depression, Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7-item (GAD-7) scale, Quality of Life in Epilepsy (QOLIE-10), and EuroQOL five dimensions questionnaire (EQ-5D) for health-related quality of life. Topiramate (TPM) was considered a high-risk medication for cognitive impairment. Patients were categorized into groups based on total ABNAS score: subjective cognitive impairment (ABNAS > 15; N = 270) and no subjective cognitive impairment (ABNAS ≤ 15; N = 400). Multivariable logistic regression models were constructed to identify independent predictors of subjective cognitive impairment. In a subset of patients who had neuropsychological testing within 6 months of completing the ABNAS (N = 60), Pearson correlations and multivariable logistic regression models, controlling for number of AEDs, depression, and anxiety, assessed the relationship between subjective cognitive impairment and objective cognitive performance on measures of intelligence, attention/working memory, verbal fluency, naming, processing speed, manual dexterity, visuomotor processing, and verbal memory. Results: Forty percent of patients in the overall sample (N = 270/670) reported cognitive impairment. The variables most strongly associated with subjective cognitive impairment were PHQ-9 score, number of AEDs, and seizure frequency. In the subset of patients with neuropsychological testing, ABNAS score was correlated with anxiety (r = 0.44), depression (r = 0.38), and attention/working memory (r = − 0.31). After adjusting for depression and anxiety, patients who endorsed subjective cognitive impairment scored significantly lower on measures of nonverbal intelligence and attention/working memory, but not on other cognitive measures. Conclusions: Subjective cognitive impairment as reported on the ABNAS is most strongly associated with depressive symptomatology, number of AEDs, and seizure frequency, but not with most objective cognitive measures. Identifying these three predictors provides a clear framework to understand and address subjective cognitive complaints in adult patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Epilepsy with auditory features: Long-term outcome and predictors of terminal remission$$$ Objective: To assess the long-term outcome of epilepsy with auditory features (EAF) and to identify the clinical predictors for prognosis. Methods: The study involved consecutive EAF patients with a follow-up of ≥5 years. Terminal remission (TR) was defined as a period of ≥5 consecutive years of seizure freedom at the last follow-up. We used Kaplan-Meier estimate to calculate the cumulative time-dependent probability of conversion to TR. Log-rank test and multivariate Cox regression analyses were performed to study the association between time to TR and prognostic determinants. Results: We included 123 EAF patients (male/female = 58/65) with a median follow-up of 11 years (1626.9 person-years). Most were sporadic cases (68.3%), whereas 31.7% reported a family history of epilepsy. At last assessment, 42 patients had achieved TR (34.1%). Of the remaining 81 cases with no TR (65.9%), 37% had been in remission for 1-4 years and 62.9% still had seizures within the past year. The cumulative rates of TR were 26.6%, 35.7%, and 51.6% at 10, 20, and 30 years from inclusion. On multivariate analysis, age at onset > 10 years (hazard ratio [HR] = 3.2, P =.028), auditory aura characterized by distortions only versus simple/complex hallucinations (HR = 2.9, P =.041), and unremarkable scalp electroencephalogram (EEG) versus EEG with focal epileptiform activity (HR = 3.5, P =.041) were associated with TR. Significance: Our data show a wide prognostic spectrum of EAF, ranging from mild forms with spontaneous remission, to severely refractory epilepsy addressed to surgery. The outcome, less favorable than expected from previous studies, appears to be primarily a function of 3 prognostic negative risk factors: age at onset < 10 years, auditory aura characterized by complex auditory hallucinations, and focal epileptiform abnormalities on scalp EEG. These predictors, easy to collect even at the first visit, may inform both clinicians and patients about the long-term prognosis and aid patient management. ER  - 
Stressful life events and maltreatment in conversion (functional neurological) disorder: systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control studies$$$ Background: Stressful life events and maltreatment have traditionally been considered crucial in the development of conversion (functional neurological) disorder, but the evidence underpinning this association is not clear. We aimed to assess the association between stressors and functional neurological disorder. Methods: We systematically reviewed controlled studies reporting stressors occurring in childhood or adulthood, such as stressful life events and maltreatment (including sexual, physical abuse, and emotional neglect) and functional neurological disorder. We did a meta-analysis, with assessments of methodology, sources of bias, and sensitivity analyses. Findings: 34 case-control studies, with 1405 patients, were eligible. Studies were of moderate-to-low quality. The frequency of childhood and adulthood stressors was increased in cases compared with controls. Odds ratios (OR) were higher for emotional neglect in childhood (49% for cases vs 20% for controls; OR 5·6, 95% CI 2·4–13·1) compared with sexual abuse (24% vs 10%; 3·3, 2·2–4·8) or physical abuse (30% vs 12%; 3·9, 2·2–7·2). An association with stressful life events preceding onset (OR 2·8, 95% CI 1·4–6·0) was stronger in studies with better methods (interviews; 4·3, 1·4–13·2). Heterogeneity was significant between studies (I2 21·1–90·7%). 13 studies that specifically ascertained that the participants had not had either severe life events or any subtype of maltreatment all found a proportion of patients with functional neurological disorder reporting no stressor. Interpretation: Stressful life events and maltreatment are substantially more common in people with functional neurological disorder than in healthy controls and patient controls. Emotional neglect had a higher risk than traditionally emphasised sexual and physical abuse, but many cases report no stressors. This outcome supports changes to diagnostic criteria in DSM-5; stressors, although relevant to the cause in many patients, are not a core diagnostic feature. This result has implications for ICD-11. Funding: None. ER  - 
Final safety, tolerability, and seizure outcomes in patients with focal epilepsy treated with adjunctive perampanel for up to 4 years in an open-label extension of phase III randomized trials: Study 307$$$ Objective: To evaluate long-term safety/tolerability and seizure outcomes in patients with focal seizures treated with adjunctive perampanel in the open-label extension (OLEx) Study 307 (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00735397). Methods: Patients could enter the OLEx after completing one of the double-blind, phase III studies. Safety/tolerability and seizure outcomes (median percent reduction in seizure frequency per 28 days, and 50% responder and seizure freedom rates) were analyzed during the OLEx in cohorts with the same minimum perampanel exposure for all focal seizures and secondarily generalized seizures (SGS). An additional sensitivity analysis accounted for early dropouts from the OLEx. Results: Of 1480 patients randomized across the double-blind studies, 1218 enrolled in the OLEx. The majority of patients (65.4%-80.9%) received a last daily dose of perampanel 12 mg and completed long-term assessment on the same, or one fewer, concomitant antiepileptic drug compared with baseline. The long-term safety/tolerability profile was consistent with the double-blind studies. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) leading to discontinuation in >1% of patients were dizziness, irritability, and fatigue; TEAEs of clinical interest were stable for 4 years. In all cohorts, seizure outcome improvements were sustained over time. Median percent seizure reductions per 28 days reached 62.0% and 70.6% for patients with ≥3 (n = 436) or ≥4 (n = 78) years of exposure, respectively; corresponding 50% responder rates were 59.6% and 67.9%. The largest median percent seizure reduction per 28 days occurred in SGS for patients with SGS at baseline: 88.0% and 100.0% for patients with ≥3 (n = 190) or ≥4 (n = 28) years of exposure, respectively; in these cohorts 40.0% and 53.6% of patients, respectively, attained freedom from SGS. Median percent seizure reductions per 28 days were similar when early dropouts were accounted for. Significance: Long-term (≤4 years) adjunctive perampanel treatment did not raise new safety/tolerability signals and was associated with markedly improved seizure control, particularly in patients with SGS at baseline. ER  - 
Interventions to reduce neurological symptoms in patients with GBM receiving radiotherapy: From theory to clinical practice$$$ Background: Patients affected by glioblastoma often develop cerebral oedema as a life-threatening complication. Although there is no approved pharmacological intervention, such cerebral oedema is usually treated with dexamethasone. Dexamethasone has been shown in experimental studies to reduce cerebral oedema with only few mineralocorticoid side-effects. The goal of our study was to examine its efficacy in reducing the emergence of neurological deficits during the Stupp protocol. Patients and Methods: We studied a retrospective cohort of 459 patients, assigned in controlled groups: in group A, patients received radiochemotherapy followed by adjuvant chemotherapy; in group B, patients received an equivalent combined treatment with dexamethasone. Results: The frequency of neurological symptoms was significantly lower in dexamethasone-treated patients. Conclusion: Early diagnosis and prevention of cerebral oedema are important because functional consequences can be anticipated with an appropriate medical treatment. Thus, our study reveals that dexamethasone acts to prevent the appearance of neurological symptoms in patients with brain tumour. ER  - 
Livelihood opportunities amongst adults with and without disabilities in Cameroon and India: A case control study$$$ Proven links between disability and poverty suggest that development programmes and policies that are not disability-inclusive will leave persons with disabilities behind. Despite this, there is limited quantitative evidence on livelihood opportunities amongst adults with disabilities in Low and Middle Income Countries. This study adds to the limited evidence base, contributing data from one African and one Asian Setting. We undertook a population-based case–control study of adults (18+) with and without disabilities in North-West Cameroon and in Telangana State, India. We found that adults with disabilities were five times less likely to be working compared to age-sex matched controls in both settings. Amongst adults with disabilities, current age, marital status and disability type were key predictors of working. Inclusive programmes are therefore needed to provide adequate opportunities to participate in livelihood prospects for adults with disabilities in Cameroon and India, on an equal basis as others. These findings are of crucial importance at this stage of the Sustainable Development Agenda, to ensure that the mandate of inclusive development is achieved. ER  - 
Maternal Thyroid Function in Early Pregnancy and Child Neurodevelopmental Disorders: A Danish Nationwide Case-Cohort Study$$$ Background: Maternal thyroid dysfunction may adversely affect fetal brain development, but more evidence is needed to refine this hypothesis. The aim of this study was to evaluate potential fetal programming by abnormal maternal thyroid function on child neurodevelopmental disorders. Methods: The design was a case-cohort study within the Danish National Birth Cohort (1997-2003). From the eligible cohort of 71,706 women, a random 12% sub-cohort (n = 7624) was selected, and all women (n = 2276) whose child was diagnosed with seizures, specific developmental disorder (SDD), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and/or attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) up to December 31, 2010, were identified. All women had a blood sample drawn in early pregnancy (median week 9), and the stored sample was used for measurement of free thyroxine and thyrotropin. Method- and week-specific reference ranges were used for classification of maternal thyroid function. A weighted Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) for neurodevelopmental disorders in children exposed to maternal thyroid dysfunction. Results: The overall frequency of abnormal maternal thyroid function was 12.5% in the sub-cohort and significantly higher among cases of ASD (17.9%; aHR = 1.5 [CI 1.1-2.1]), but not among other types of neurodevelopmental disorders (febrile seizures: 12.7%; epilepsy: 13.1%; SDD: 12.6%; and ADHD: 14.0%). However, evaluation of subtypes of maternal thyroid dysfunction showed that maternal overt hypothyroidism (thyrotropin >10 mIU/L) was a risk factor for epilepsy in the child (aHR = 3.5 [CI 1.2-10]), as was overt hyperthyroidism for cases diagnosed within the first year of life (aHR = 3.0 [CI 1.03-8.4]). Furthermore, both maternal hypothyroidism (aHR = 1.8 [CI 1.1-2.7]) and overt hyperthyroidism (aHR = 2.2 [CI 1.1-4.4]) were risk factors for ASD in the child, and isolated low free thyroxine was associated with ASD (aHR = 4.9 [CI 2.03-11.9]) and ADHD (aHR = 2.3 [CI 1.2-4.3]) in girls but not in boys. Conclusions: Abnormal maternal thyroid function in early pregnancy was associated with epilepsy, ASD, and ADHD in the child, but associations differed by subtypes of exposure and by child age and sex. More evidence on subtypes and severity of maternal thyroid function is needed, and alternative outcomes of child neurodevelopment may be warranted. ER  - 
Medication use and association with urinary incontinence in women: Data from the Norwegian Prescription Database and the HUNT study$$$ Aims: To investigate the association between medication use and urinary incontinence (UI) in women. Methods: In a cross-sectional population-based study we analyzed questionnaire data on UI, including type and severity, from 21 735 women included in the Nord-Trøndelag Health Study (HUNT) in Norway. These data were linked to data on filled prescriptions retrieved from the Norwegian Prescription Database. A multivariate logistic regression model was used to calculate the odds for having UI related to the number of filled prescriptions for selected drug groups during the 6 months prior to participation in HUNT, after adjustment for numerous confounding factors. Results: Significant associations with UI were found for selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and lamotrigine with OR 1.52 (1.30-1.78) and 2.73 (1.59-4.68) for two or more filled prescriptions. Both for SSRIs and lamotrigine, the associations were pronounced for mixed UI, whereas there were no clear-cut increased risk of stress UI and urgency UI. The relations were strongest in women with the most severe symptoms. One filled prescription of antipsychotics, but not two or more, was also found to be related to UI with OR 1.91 (1.35-2.71). No associations were found for benzodiazepines, zopiclone/zolpidem, beta blockers, and diuretics. Conclusions: The odds for having UI were found to be about 1.5-fold in women using SSRIs and almost threefold in women using lamotrigine. The association with lamotrigine has not been reported previously, and should be further evaluated in future studies. ER  - 
Relation between psychotropic drugs and seizure threshold in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most popular way to stimulate brain for achieving therapeutic effects. The therapeutic effect of ECT results from the induction of a generalized seizure. The minimal amount of electrical energy needed to induce seizures is known as the seizure threshold (ST). It is commonly believed that treatment efficacy is related to stimulus dose relative to ST, but higher stimuli usually also increase unwanted side effects. Therefore, ST is an important issue in conducting ECT. Most patients including schizophrenics undergoing ECT take concomitant psychotropic drugs, but little information is available on how these drugs affect ST. Our study aimed to analyze the relationship between ST and psychotropic drugs in patients treated with ECT. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical charts of 43 patients who received ECT at Korea University Guro Hospital between February 2009 and June 2015. Patients with a history of seizure disorders or other medical emergent conditions were excluded. A total of fifty-eight subjects received ECT during the study period. Patients were excluded if treatment was aborted due to side effects or any other reasons before the 10th session (n=12) because we intended to investigate the ST shift during the course of consecutive ECT sessions. We included 43 subjects in the final data analysis. Patients' psychiatric disorders were diagnosed according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV-R) by at least two experienced psychiatrists. ECT was administrated with concurrent antipsychotics and antidepressants.67.4 percent of subjects were diagnosed as schizophrenia and 20.9 percent of subjects were diagnosed as major depressive disorder. We used stepwise multivariate correlation analyses for examining the associations between ST and psychotropic drugs. Data are presented as initial ST, the difference in ST between the first and 10th sessions (ΔST10th), and the mean difference in ST between the first and last sessions (mean ΔSTlast). We used chlorpromazine- equivalent dose for antipsychotics and fluoxetine-equivalent dose for antidepressants. Results: Of the 43 patients included in the study, 20 were male, and the other 23 were female. The mean age of all participants was 41.44 years (SD=15.89). Patients were taking the following antipsychotics and antidepressants: clozapine (n=6), amisulpride (n=9), aripiprazole (n=5), olanzapine (n=18), risperidone (n=1), quetiapine (n=20), haloperidol (n=1), paliperidone (n=5), chlorpromazine (n=1), blonanserin (n=1), escitalopram (n=7), sertraline (n=1), mirtazapine (n=2), duloxetine (n=1), venlafaxine (n=3), amitriptyline (n=1), trazodone (n=1), bupropion (n=1). Participants took an average of 1.91 (SD=1.02, range 0-5) different psychotropic drugs during ECT. The mean number of types of antipsychotics and antidepressants used were 1.53 (SD=0.74, range 0-3) and 0.37 (SD=0.76, range 0-4), respectively. Multivariate regression analyses showed positive correlations between initial ST and the total chlorpromazine-equivalent dose of antipsychotics (β = 0.363, p < 0.05). The total fluoxetine-equivalent dose of antidepressants was positively correlated to ΔST10th (β = 0.486, p < 0.05) and mean ΔSTlast (β = 0.472, p < 0.01). Discussion: Our study elucidated possible effects of psychotropic drugs on ST in patients undergoing ECT. We revealed that larger doses of antipsychotics are associated with higher initial ST, whereas higher doses of antidepressants are associated with stronger shifts of ST during the course of treatment. We believe that our findings provide a basis for creating safer and more efficient ECT protocols. ER  - 
Abstracts from the 21st Annual Meeting of the North American Neuromodulation Society$$$ The proceedings contain 214 papers. The topics discussed include: intrathecal ziconotide for chronic pain due to tethered cord syndrome: a case report; high frequency SCS-HF10: an alternative treatment option to lumbar fusion in patients with symptomatic lumbar spondylolisthesis; neuromodulation and seizure generation: a synaptic tissue model; multicenter-study on DRG-stimulation - determining which locations should be targeted for different areas of pain; disturbances of brainstem functional- connectivity in temporal lobe epilepsy patients may recover after successful epilepsy surgery; outcomes of deep brain stimulation in the management of complex tremors: a single unit experience; dorsal root ganglion (DRG) stimulation for chronic pelvic pain: a case series; deep brain stimulation of the medial forebrain bundle: significant responses in treatment resistant depression; intrathecal baclofen therapy versus conventional medical management for severe post-stroke spasticity: sisters, randomized controlled trial; salvage of spinal cord stimulation via BurstDR-enabled pulse generator replacement: a case series; long-term results from the Avalon study - feedback-controlled SCS using evoked compound action potentials; outcomes of directly targeting the cerebellothalamic tract vs. indirectly targeting the VIM for ET; wireless high frequency SCS for chronic back pain: preliminary results of a multicenter RCT; and perioperative infections and prolonged SCS trial duration (promise study). ER  - 
High intensity focused ultrasound in neurology: A review$$$ Background: The review focuses on the therapeutic capabilities of High-Intensity Focused Ultrasound (HIFU) in Neuroscience. Material and Methods: The method is based on the principle of converging ultrasound beam of waves with equal frequency, phase and amplitude, concentrated within a very small volume of space. It is non-invasive, has minimal side effects (no radiation or chemical load), and allows targeted focusing of the disease without the risk of damage to surrounding structures. Results: During the last decade in some countries in Europe, Asia, and North America the HIFU has been approved for treatment of Parkinsonian tremor, essential tremor, neuropathic pain, obsessive-compulsive disorders, and depression. Preclinical studies show huge potential of this method in the treatment of different neurological disorders and syndromes-brain tumors, epilepsy, ischemic vascular events, thrombolysis, brain-blood barrier permeability enhancement, etc. Multicenter studies are planned to establish optimal parameters, safety margins, indications, and contraindications for its use in medicine. Conclusions: The HIFU future in neurology is dedicated to (1) establishing the safety parameters for thrombolysis, opening the blood-brain barrier and conducting experiments in humans; (2) Improving the techniques for intracranial administration, structures close to the bones and moving organs (heart, liver); (3) Developing new drugs whose effects are potentiated increased by focused ultrasound. ER  - 
Self-management education for adults with poorly controlled epilEpsy [SMILE (UK)]: A randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a common neurological condition resulting in recurrent seizures. Research evidence in long-term conditions suggests that patients benefit from self-management education and that this may improve quality of life (QoL). Epilepsy self-management education has yet to be tested in a UK setting. Objectives: To determine the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of Self-Management education for people with poorly controlled epILEpsy [SMILE (UK)]. Design: A parallel pragmatic randomised controlled trial. Setting: Participants were recruited from eight hospitals in London and south-east England. Participants: Adults aged ≥ 16 years with epilepsy and two or more epileptic seizures in the past year, who were currently being prescribed antiepileptic drugs. Intervention: A 2-day group self-management course alongside treatment as usual (TAU). The control group received TAU. Main outcome measures: The primary outcome is QoL in people with epilepsy at 12-month follow-up using the Quality Of Life In Epilepsy 31-P (QOLIE-31-P) scale. Other outcomes were seizure control, impact of epilepsy, medication adverse effects, psychological distress, perceived stigma, self-mastery and medication adherence. Cost-effectiveness analyses and a process evaluation were undertaken. Randomisation: A 1: 1 ratio between trial arms using fixed block sizes of two. Blinding: Participants were not blinded to their group allocation because of the nature of the study. Researchers involved in data collection and analysis remained blinded throughout. Results: The trial completed successfully. A total of 404 participants were enrolled in the study [SMILE (UK), n = 205; TAU, n = 199] with 331 completing the final follow-up at 12 months [SMILE (UK), n = 163; TAU, n = 168]. In the intervention group, 61.5% completed all sessions of the course. No adverse events were found to be related to the intervention. At baseline, participants had a mean age of 41.7 years [standard deviation (SD) 14.1 years], and had epilepsy for a median of 18 years. The mean QOLIE-31-P score for the whole group at baseline was 66.0 out of 100.0 (SD 14.2). Clinically relevant levels of anxiety symptoms were reported in 53.6% of the group and depression symptoms in 28.0%. The results following an intention-to-treat analysis showed no change in any measures at the 12-month follow-up [QOLIE-31-P: SMILE (UK) mean: 67.4, SD 13.5; TAU mean: 69.5, SD 14.8]. The cost-effectiveness study showed that SMILE (UK) was possibly cost-effective but was also associated with lower QoL. The process evaluation with 20 participants revealed that a group course increased confidence by sharing with others and improved self-management behaviours. Conclusions: For people with epilepsy and persistent seizures, a 2-day self-management education course is cost-saving, but does not improve QoL after 12-months or reduce anxiety or depression symptoms. A psychological intervention may help with anxiety and depression. Interviewed participants reported attending a group course increased their confidence and helped them improve their self-management. ER  - 
Does A Drug Refractory Epilepsy (DRE) diagnosis impact time to seizures in the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU)$$$ Objective: The objective of this studyis to examine factors that impact time to seizures in the EMU in Veterans with epilepsy. Background: EMU admissions are unique as they involve induction of symptoms (seizures) by titrating off antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and other interventions such as sleep deprivation and photic stimulation. Observations in the EMU can lead to surgical resection of the epileptogenic focus and/or surgical placements of devices and optimization of AED therapy. Many factors may play a role into the time to seizures or seizurerelated adverse outcomes in the EMU. Design/Methods: Retrospective chart review of all EMU admissions at the VAGLAHS from January 1, 2011 through September 30, 2017. Patients with a diagnosis of non-epileptic seizures were excluded. Results: During the observation period the EMU at VAGLAHS has had approximately 400 admissions. To date, we have reviewed 31 records. Preliminary results are as follows: 29 of the 31 patients met inclusion criteria; 9 patients had a history of DRE. All patients had abnormal findings on EEG during the admission. 31% of all patients and 44% of DRE patients experienced a clinical seizure during the admission Average time to seizures was 2.67 days and 2.25 days for all patients and DRE patients respectively. The average number of AEDs at admission was 1.9 and 2.75 for all patients and patients with DRE respectively. The average number of failed AEDs was 3.2 and 5.5 for all patients and patients with DRE respectively. Conclusions: Preliminary results from this study suggests that a diagnosis of DRE and number of AEDs at admission may influence the time to clinical seizures during an EMU admission. ER  - 
EEG findings in Parkinson disease patients with and without Visual Hallucinations: A Retrospective Case Control study$$$ Objective: To determine a correlation between Electroencephalography (EEG) abnormalities and the incidence of visual hallucinations (VH) in Parkinson disease (PD) patients. Background: VH is common in PD, yet the cause remains unknown. Several theories suggest cortical dysfunction, but with different cortical structures implicated in differing arguments. EEG has been suggested to assess these cortical structures. Design/Methods: We included all PD patients seen over 30 months who had routine EEG results available, and were without history of epilepsy, seizures or on active treatment with anti-seizure medications. To avoid selection bias, ALL patients seen from October/2014 to March/2017 were screened. 301 PD patients were identified, among whom 47 had routine EEG performed. 2 patients were excluded (one each for known epilepsy and anti-epileptic drug use). Remaining 45 patients were included. 13 patients had Visual Hallucinations (VH+ Cases), while 32 did not (VH- Controls). Final outcome for analysis was presence of interictal epileptiform findings. Other variables collected were gender, age at time of EEG, age at onset of VH, age at onset of PD medications, duration between PD onset and VH onset, handedness, side of disease burden, and cognitive symptoms. Statistical significance was calculated using Chi-Squared tests. Multivariate analysis was performed using IBMSPSS. Independent samples tests were performed with significance level 0.05. Results: 53.8% of VH+ cases (7/13) had epileptiform findings on routine EEG, compared to none among 32 VH- controls (p < 0.001). 85.7% epileptiform findings were located in temporal region (3 Right, 2 Left, 1 bitemporal). Particular gender, handedness, side of disease burden, and presence of cognitive dysfunction were not associated with increased risk of VH. The age at EEG and age at onset of PD medications were similar across the VH+ and VH- groups. Conclusions: The presence of VH is associated with interictal epileptiform findings on routine EEG in PD, most frequently in temporal lobe. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study to evaluate the abuse potential of purified cannabidiol (CBD) in subjects with a history of recreational polydrug use$$$ Objective: Assess the abuse potential of CBD. Background: CBD is a cannabinoid in development to treat severe early-onset epilepsy and is currently a schedule I controlled substance in the United States. Design/Methods: Healthy adult (ages 18-55) recreational polydrug users were recruited to assess CBD in a randomized, double-blind, 7-way crossover, singledose study comparing CBD therapeutic (750 mg), mid (1500 mg), and supratherapeutic (4500 mg) doses with placebo and two active controls; dronabinol (DRO, 10 and 30 mg, schedule 3) and alprazolam (ALP, 2 mg, schedule 4). Visual analogue scales (VAS) for Drug Liking maximum effect (E ) (primary endpoint) and Overall Drug Liking (ODL) (Emax/Emin) and Take Drug Again (TDA) as well as other secondary endpoints were measured. Results: In total, 43 subjects were randomized (safety population) and 35 completed the study (completer population). For the primary endpoint of Drug Liking Emax, ALP and DRO both showed significantly greater response relative to placebo, demonstrating study validity (p<0.0001 for all comparisons). All three doses of CBD showed significantly decreased responses compared to ALP and DRO (p≤0.003). The lowest dose of CBD was not significantly different from placebo, whereas the two higher doses of CBD were significantly higher than placebo (p≤0.039) but the differences were not considered clinically relevant. For the secondary endpoint of ODL Emax, all 3 CBD doses were significantly lower than ALP and DRO (p≤0.004) and were not statistically different from that of placebo (p 0.09). For the endpoint of TDA Emax, all 3 doses of CBD were significantly less likely to be taken again than ALZ or DRO (p≤0.001). ). Two subjects on 30 mg DRO, 1 on 1500 mg CBD, and 2 on 4500 mg CBD discontinued due to adverse events. Conclusions: CBD showed little or no signal for abuse potential compared with placebo, and less psychoactive effects than ALZ or DRO. ER  - 
Characteristics of periventricular nodules in patients with 22q11. 2 deletion syndrome$$$ Objective: We aimed to identify the distribution of periventricular nodular heterotopia (PNH) in patients with 22q11.2 microdeletion syndrome (22q11.2DS) and its pathophysiological significance. Background: 22q11.2 microdeletion syndrome (22q11.2 DS), which encompasses phenotypes formerly known as velocardiofacial syndrome or DiGiorgio(T1) syndrome, is the most common pathological microdeletion in humans affecting 1 in 4, 000 people. Although this condition has been extensively studied in the pediatric population, much less in known in adults. Neuropsychiatric disorders such as intellectual disability, seizures and schizophrenia are a significant cause of morbidity in the 22q11.2DS adult population. Design/Methods: We retrospectively analyzed brain imaging and post mortem data available for well characterized adult patients with 22q11.2DS. We included only those with good quality MRI data (n=29) and two previously reported patients with PNH identified through postmortem study. Whole genome sequencing data was available for 6 out of 7 patients. Results: Five (17.2%) of the 29 patients who met study entry criteria had observable PNH. Of the total seven subjects with PNH studied, there were five with a history of seizures, six with schizophrenia, two with obsessive compulsive disorder, and seven with variable levels of intellectual disability. In all seven patients, the nodules were located over the dorsal pole of the frontal horn of lateral ventricles. The nodules were small, non-contiguous, and varied in number from 1 to10 per subject. They were unilateral in five of the seven patients. Conclusions: The location and characteristics of PNH in 22q11.2DS patients suggest that the cells forming these PNH may belong to a recently described group of immature interneurons (termed Arc cells) that migrate during early post-natal period from the cortical subventricular zone to the cingulate and pre-frontal cortex. Possible arrested migration of such cells may contribute, at least in part, to the common neurodevelopmental disorders associated with 22q11.2DS, including intellectual disability, schizophrenia, and epilepsy. ER  - 
Surface EMG from the brain sentinel® monitoring and alerting system for classification of seizure events$$$ Objective: To test the ability of trained physicians to classify seizure events as generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Background: The Brain Sentinel® System is an FDA cleared device designed to be used for weeks-months and alert caregivers of potential Generalized Tonic-Clonic Seizures (GTCS) using sEMG. The system continuously records sEMG data for retrospective diagnostic interpretation by trained physicians. Design/Methods: Prospective, multicenter, phase III, double-blinded trial of the seizure monitor device resulted in 100% sensitivity for detection of 29 GTCS (as compared to vEEG). Three ABPN certified epileptologists identified 10 psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), with motor involvement while patients were wearing the device. The GTCS and PNES were retrospectively evaluated for frequency and amplitude characteristics using wavelet transform. Independent epileptologists were then asked to interpret the sEMG traces for a diagnostic classification of events. Epileptologists received training with a set of 6 different events (2 of each GTCS, PNES, and false alarms). After training, epileptologists were provided with 24 epochs of 2-minute sEMG events including 8 GTCS, 8 PNES, and 8 false alarms that were presented in a random sequence with no additional information. Results: To date, two ABPN certified epileptologists completed the classification exercise. The results showed an average of 6.5/8 events correctly classified as GTCS events, and 16/16 non-GTCS epochs were correctly not classified as GTCS. At the annual meeting, we intend to present the results from a cohort of 15 epileptologists that were involved in the prospective trial. Conclusions: With training, epileptologist were able to interpret epochs of sEMG with wavelet analysis as representative of GTCS or nonepileptic muscle activity. Clinical evaluation of continuously recorded sEMG data shows promise to improve diagnostic accuracy of ambulatory spells. ER  - 
Using surface electromyography to differentiate between generalized tonic-clonic seizures and psychogenic non-epileptic spells$$$ Objective: To use frequency and amplitude analysis of surface electromyography (sEMG) to differentiate between Generalized Tonic- Clonic Seizures (GTCS) and Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizures (PNES). Background: It is estimated that 25% of patients previously diagnosed with epilepsy who are not responding to antiepileptic drugs experience PNES. sEMG has been used to diagnostically identify potential GTCS. With the addition of frequency and amplitude wavelet analyses, continuous sEMG monitoring can be expanded to differentiate between GTCS and PNES. Design/Methods: In a prospective multicenter trial of an sEMG monitoring device with concomitant vEEG recording, GTCS and motor PNES were classified by independent ABPN certified epileptologists. For this study, sEMG for 10 PNES and 10 GTCS were analyzed. The wavelet transform was used to identify the range and magnitude of frequencies present in a signal. sEMG was transformed into two frequencydriven traces. The two traces were summated wavelet-transform output coefficients from high frequency, 150- 260Hz, and low frequency, 6-70Hz, ranges. The area under the curve, or AUC, of each the high and low frequency trace, as well as the high/low AUC ratio, were calculated for regions that were above a threshold that defined the baseline. All data were compared using unpaired student's t-test with Bonferoni correction (significant if p < 0.05). Results: The AUC ratios were found statistically different between GTCS (.26 ± .09 a.u.) and PNES (.002 ± .002 a.u., p = .018). Conclusions: Wavelet analysis of sEMG can adequately differentiate GTCS and PNES events. The most impactful attribute was the absence of high frequency data in PNES events, with high values during the tonic phase of GTCS. This analysis technique will be further evaluated to identify qualities of voluntary movement, and other characteristics of seizure semiology. ER  - 
A cautionary tale of synthetic marijuana use$$$ Objective: To describe a case of superrefractory epilepsy caused by smoking synthetic marijuana (?spice?/?K2?) that was treated with intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) and plasmapheresis (PLEX). Background: CNS toxicity from the use of synthetic marijuana is known to cause paranoia and hallucinations. Previous case reports have also implicated its use in causing new-onset seizures in patients without other seizure risk factors. Design/Methods: Case report Results: A nineteen year old righthanded Caucasian male with Hepatitis C, prior intravenous drug use, and recent “spice” use was transferred to a tertiary referral center with status epilepticus. Patient had three seizures in the last six months prior to hospitalization in the context of smoking “spice?, which he had been using for one year. Routine urine and serum toxicology were unrevealing. Extensive serum and cerebrospinal fluid testing for infectious, inflammatory, autoimmune, paraneoplastic, and mitochondrial etiologies were unremarkable. Patient had no abnormal lesions on MRI brain and full-body PET. He was in refractory status epilepticus and treated with midazolam infusion for eight days with the addition of six antiepileptic drugs. One month after discharge to acute rehabilitation, patient was readmitted for status epilepticus after report of recurrent “spice” use. Patient remained in status despite a trial of ketamine infusion and pentobarbital-induced coma. Due to poor clinical response, he empirically received a course of high-dose methylprednisolone, three courses IVIG (four days each), and seven days of PLEX. Additionally, patient was randomized for SAGE-547 trial for super-refractory epilepsy and received either study medication or placebo. Four months after patient's readmission, his seizures were finally controlled. Conclusions: Epilepsy attributed to the use of synthetic marijuana poses both diagnostic and therapeutic challenges. Clinical vigilance and history are key to diagnosis as synthetic cannabinoids are not detected by routine urine and serum toxicology screening. For superrefractory status epilepticus, immunomodulating therapy with intravenous immunoglobulin and plasmapheresis may be necessary. ER  - 
Bright light therapy to reduce fatigue and improve sleep quality in lung cancer survivors$$$ Introduction: Lung cancer survivors (LCS) have the worse sleep quality among cancer survivors. Bright light therapy (BLT) has been used to treat fatigue, sleep and circadian rhythm disorders (CAR) in cancer populations, but not for LCS. This study tested a new approach using one-week of morning BLT intervention to treat sleep disturbances in lung cancer survivors. Methods: An RCT design was used to explore the effects of morning BLT on fatigue, sleep quality and CAR in LCS. Fourteen nonsmall cell lung cancer survivors, stage I-III were randomly assigned to experimental (green-blue) and attention control (red-yellow) light groups. Exclusion criteria included macular degeneration, glaucoma, bipolar disorder, seizure disorder or psychiatric conditions. Sleep quality was assessed with the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). Daily fatigue measures were incorporated in the Sleep Diary. Data collection encompassed two-week of baseline, one-week intervention, two-weeks posttest. Sleep diary and actigraphy data were collected throughout the 5-week study. Data were analyzed using t-test, ANOVA, and non-parametric analysis as appropriate. Results: Predominance of female (83.3%), older (mean age 68.5) sample, with morning chronotype (42.9%), clinically significant insomnia (42.9%) and moderate to severe fatigue (57.2%). Repeated measures ANOVA with sphericity assumed showed a main effect of time over fatigue (F= 5.303, 1.672, p = 0.002). Decreased fatigue levels were observed in experimental group at week 3 (score= 1.65) and remained low during week 4 (score= 1.90) and 5 (score = 1.77). Fatigue levels did not significantly change with time in the control group. Significant improvement in sleep quality (p<0.001). Mean PSQI global scores for experimental group were 9.73 ± 3.58 at pre-test and 6.29 ± 1.25 at posttest. Meanwhile, the control group had 9.8 ± 2.58 at pre-test and 8.80 ± 2.28 at posttest. Conclusion: One week of morning BLT was sufficient to reduce fatigue and improve sleep quality. Noticeable improvement in fatigue on the experimental group during the intervention and sustained lower fatigue levels postintervention. Despite the improvement in subjective sleep quality, persistent mean PSQI global scores above 5 indicated that LCS are poor sleepers. ER  - 
Novel molecular markers in succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency (SSADHD), an orphan disorder of GABA metabolism$$$ Study Objectives SSADHD is an autosomal-recessive disorder of GABA metabolism featuring a non-specific neurological phenotype, which precludes clinical diagnosis. The latter is achieved through identification of elevated g-hydroxybutyric acid (GHB) or GABA in patient physiological fluids and/or mutations in the ALDH5A1 (aldehyde dehydrogenase 5A1) gene encoding SSADH. Targeted therapeutics are lacking, as is an understanding of the natural history of the disorder. To further the latter, we continue the pursuit of novel biomarkers that might help guide natural history studies. Because BDNF (brain derived neurotrophic factor) and GABAergic signaling are closely linked (Brady, 2017) and there is evidence that miR-29a regulates ALDH5A1 expression in vitro (Yu, 2015), we measured the expression of BDNF and miR-29a genes in both human and murine SSADHD. Methods RNA was isolated from patient, obligate heterozygote (parents) and control red blood cell (RBCs) (n≥9), and from brain cortex samples obtained from wild-type and SSADH-deficient mice (Hogema, 2001). cDNA was synthesized employing miScript II RT Kits (Qiagen) and gene expression studies performed using pre-validated miScript Sybr Green and QuantiTect Primer Assays (Qiagen). Data analysis employed the CT method with significance (t test) set to 0.05. Results In patient samples, BDNF demonstrated a 4-fold down-regulation (p≥0.0335) and miR29a a 5-fold down-regulation (p≥0.0191). In SSADH-deficient mouse cortex, BDNF was 6.4 (p≥0.0446)-fold down regulated and 8.5-fold (p≥0.0115) down-regulated in heterozygous SSADH-deficient mice. Similarly, miR29a was 2-fold down regulated in SSADH-deficient mice in comparison to wild-type mice. Discussion/Conclusion The established role of BDNF in neuropsychiatric disorders (e.g. depression, anxiety, epilepsy; Cataneo, 2016) suggest exciting new directions in understanding SSADHD pathogenesis, as well as novel treatment paradigms in the form of SSRI (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors) (Li, 2017) known to target CNS BDNF levels. The potential in vivo molecular feedback between ALDH5A1 and miR29a may inform inter-individual phenotypic heterogeneity in patients in relation to residual enzyme levels. Moreover, miR-29a regulates multiple gene products (Slusarz, 2015), and thus may be a secondary contributor to SSADHD pathophysiology. We conclude that longitudinal evaluation of BDNF and miR29a in a natural history study of SSADHD may provide new insights into disease pathogenesis. ER  - 
Medical complications during inpatient stroke rehabilitation at a tertiary care rehabilitation hospital in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the frequency and types of medical complications that occur during stroke inpatient rehabilitation at a tertiary care rehabilitation hospital in Saudi Arabia. METHODS: A retrospective study conducted in a tertiary care rehabilitation hospital in Riyadh Saudi Arabia RESULTS: Our study included 60 patients with an age range of 20-95 years (mean=63 years); 37(62%) males and 23(38%) females. Left side of body was more commonly involved (62%). The strokes were predominantly ischemic in origin (78.3%). Hypertension (95%), diabetes mellitus (65%), history of smoking (26.7%), prior stroke (26.7%) and hyperlipidemia (21.7%), were the most common preexisting conditions found in our study. Musculoskeletal pain (63.33%), depression (21.6%), urinary tract infection (18.33%), and stroke progression (7%), were the most frequently occurring medical complications in stroke patients. CONCLUSIONS: Medical complications are common during inpatient stroke rehabilitation. The most common medical complications were musculoskeletal pain, followed by depression and urinary tract infection. Early prevention, detection, and treatment of the most commonly occurring complications should be established. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study of the psychosocial problems following abortion$$$ Background: Twenty percent of pregnant women undergo an abortion. Reviews of previous studies on the effects of abortion on mental health have been inconclusive. Little research has been carried out in this direction in our country. Aims: This study aims to study the psychological effects of abortions and the associated sociodemographic and other parameters. Setting and Design: It is a cross-sectional study, conducted in five different government hospitals of Hyderabad. Materials and Methods: After identifying the participants, an interview was conducted. First, sociodemographic and other parameters were collected by an interviewer. Then, another interviewer conducted the interview using diagnostic tools (Impact of Events Scale-Revised [IES-R] and Goldberg Health Questionnaire-12 [GHQ-12]). Analysis was carried out using SPSS software. Results: Sixty cases of spontaneous abortion, 31 therapeutic and 9 elective abortions, were collected. Overall, on GHQ-12, 57% women had no distress, 11% had typical distress, while 14% had more than typical distress, 15% had psychological distress, and 3% of them had severe distress. On IES-R, 16% women had little or no symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder PTSD, 57% had several symptoms, while 27% of them were likely to have PTSD. Conclusions: Women who underwent elective abortion showed less distress than the other types. Those that underwent a late abortion were more likely to suffer from psychological distress than those having an early one. The medical history was a significant factor in determining the mental health outcome of the women who underwent abortion. ER  - 
Adverse drug reactions at an addiction psychiatry center: A cross-sectional analysis$$$ Objective: To perform a cross sectional analysis of anticipated and unanticipated adverse drug reactions occurring at an addiction psychiatry center. Materials and Methods: This observational analysis presents data on the ADRs reported by the health-care professionals at a tertiary care public-funded treatment center. The types of ADRs encountered over a period of 12 months are presented along. Results: A total of 251 ADRs were encountered in patients with substance use disorders. Of them, 23% were unlabeled adverse reactions. At the center, tramadol was the most common medication implicated for ADR, followed by naltrexone and disulfiram. The most common adverse event reported was loss of appetite (n = 26). According to the system organ classification, gastrointestinal (18.7%) and psychiatric symptoms (18.7%) were the most common systems implicated. Conclusion: The current findings provide opportunities for sensitization of health-care professionals. This will help in promoting safer drug use in the field of addiction psychiatry. ER  - 
Epidemiology of adultmedulloblastoma$$$ Introduction: Medulloblastoma is a malignant primary neuroectodermal tumor according to the WHO classification. It accounts for about 30% of brain tumors in children while it remains quite rare in adults. The purpose of our study is to describe the epidemiological, clinical and radiological specificity of this entity. Methods: It is a retrospective study of 32 cases of adult medulloblastoma collected at Salah Azaiez Institute over a period of 14 years from 1988 to 2007. Results:Median age was 28.5 years. There were 21 men (65.6%) and 11 women (34.4%), (sex ratio = 1.9). The median consultation time was 3 months. The revealing symptomatology was a syndrome of intracranial hypertension (71.9%), a dynamic cerebellar syndrome (53.1%), an impairment of cranial pairs (12.5%), a motor deficit (9.4%), seizures (3.3%), and mental disorders (3.1%). Cerebral computed tomography was performed in 80% of cases and magnetic resonance imaging in 60% of cases. In brain imaging we noted the presence of perilesioned edema (33.3%), hydrocephalus (64.3%) and a mass effect (42.9%). The median tumor size was 4.75 cm (range 2 and 30 cm). The lesions were often under Vermian tentorial (54.8%). V4, stalk and trunk extension were noted in 56.3%, 6.3% and 12.6% of cases, respectively. All our patients had an excisional surgery. Postoperative radiotherapy and / or chemotherapy treatment was performed in 96.6% of cases. Overallsurvival and 5-year event-free survivalwas 35% and 37.3%. Conclusion:Adult medulloblastoma is a rare entity that remains poorly known. Its prognosis is reserved but remains better than that of the child. ER  - 
Economic burden of diagnosed chronic migraine and episodic migraine in a commercially insured population$$$ BACKGROUND: Literature on the economic burden of chronic migraine (CM) compared to episodic migraine (EM) using administrative claims data is limited. The few studies available are primarily based on survey research. OBJECTIVE: To compare the 12-month direct healthcare costs between patients diagnosed with CM and EM using administrative claims data. METHODS: This was a retrospective study using 2012-2014 Truven MarketScan commercial claims data. The sampling frame included patients aged 18 years with 2 migraine diagnoses (346.xx) at least 30 days apart with the date of the earliest migraine claim between 1/1/13 and 12/31/13 assigned as the index date. Patients were required to be continuously enrolled for 12 months pre/post-index date. Patients with 2 CM diagnoses (346.7x) at least 30 days apart were assigned to the diagnosed CM group. The diagnosed EM group consisted of patients with 2 non-CM migraine diagnoses (346.xx without 346.7x) and absence of any evidence of CM (i.e. no claim for 346.7x or onabotulinumtoxinA) during the entire study period. The 12-month post-index direct healthcare costs (total, medical, and pharmacy costs) were compared between the diagnosed CM and EM groups. Generalized linear models controlling for patient age, gender, region, plan type, Elixhauser Comorbidity Index score and other migrainerelated comorbidities (mood disorders, pain, allergic rhinitis, irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorder and epilepsy) were used to estimate adjusted costs. RESULTS: The study included 13,084 diagnosed CM and 96,551 EM patients. After adjusting for potential confounders, diagnosed CM patients ($19,324) demonstrated significantly higher total all-cause direct costs than EM patients ($13,951, P < 0.05). Mean adjusted medical costs (CM = $13,933 vs. EM = $10,849) and pharmacy costs (CM = $5,262 vs. EM = $3,119) were also higher in the diagnosed CM group than the EM group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Diagnosed CM was associated with significantly higher total, medical and prescription costs than diagnosed EM. Given the substantially higher economic burden associated with CM, appropriate measures are needed to ensure that such patients are diagnosed and better managed. ER  - 
Pertuzumab and trastuzumab with or without metronomic chemotherapy for older patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer (EORTC 75111-10114): an open-label, randomised, phase 2 trial from the Elderly Task Force/Breast Cancer Group$$$ Background: Despite the high incidence of metastatic breast cancer and its related mortality in the elderly population, our knowledge about optimal treatment for older patients with cancer is far from adequate. We aimed to evaluate the efficacy of dual anti-HER2 treatment with or without metronomic chemotherapy in older patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer. Methods: We did a multicentre, open-label, randomised, phase 2 trial in 30 centres from eight countries in Europe, in patients with histologically proven, HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer, without previous chemotherapy for metastatic disease, who were 70 years or older, or 60 years or older with confirmed functional restrictions defined by protocol, and had a life expectancy of more than 12 weeks and a performance status according to WHO scale of 0–3. Eligible patients were randomly assigned (1:1) by an online randomisation system based on the minimisation method to receive metronomic oral cyclophosphamide 50 mg per day plus trastuzumab and pertuzumab, or trastuzumab and pertuzumab alone. Trastuzumab was given intravenously with a loading dose of 8 mg/kg, followed by 6 mg/kg every 3 weeks. Pertuzumab was given intravenously with a loading dose of 840 mg, followed by 420 mg every 3 weeks. Patients were stratified by hormone receptor positivity, previous HER2 treatment, and baseline geriatric screening. The primary endpoint was investigator-assessed progression-free survival at 6 months as per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version 1.1. A difference of 10% or greater between the two groups was sought. Efficacy analyses were by intention to treat; safety was assessed in all patients who received at least one dose of study treatment. In case of progression, all patients were offered trastuzumab emtansine. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01597414, and is completed. Findings: Between July 2, 2013, and May 10, 2016, 80 patients, of whom 56 (70%) had a potential frailty profile according to the geriatric screening G8 score (≤14), were randomly assigned to receive trastuzumab and pertuzumab (n=39) or trastuzumab and pertuzumab plus metronomic oral cyclophosphamide (n=41). Estimated progression-free survival at 6 months was 46·2% (95% CI 30·2–60·7) with trastuzumab and pertuzumab versus 73·4% (56·6–84·6) with trastuzumab and pertuzumab plus metronomic oral cyclophosphamide (hazard ratio [HR] 0·65 [95% CI 0·37–1·12], p=0·12). At a median follow-up of 20·7 months (IQR 12·5–30·4), the median progression-free survival was 5·6 months (95% CI 3·6–16·8) with trastuzumab and pertuzumab versus 12·7 months (6·7–24·8) with the addition of metronomic oral cyclophosphamide. The most frequent grade 3–4 adverse events were hypertension (in six [15%] of 39 patients in the trastuzumab and pertuzumab group vs five [12%] of 41 in the trastuzumab and pertuzumab plus metronomic oral cyclophosphamide group), diarrhoea (four [10%] vs five [12%]), dyspnoea (two [5%] vs four [10%]), fatigue (three [8%] vs two [5%]), pain (two [5%] vs two [5%]), and a thromboembolic event (0 [0%] vs four [10%]). Severe cardiac toxicities were occasionally observed in both groups. In the trastuzumab and pertuzumab group four patients died without progression, due to cardiac arrest during treatment (n=1), peritoneal infection (n=1), respiratory failure (n=1), and sudden death without a specified cause (n=1). In the trastuzumab and pertuzumab plus metronomic oral cyclophosphamide group, one patient died from heart failure. Interpretation: Addition of metronomic oral cyclophosphamide to trastuzumab plus pertuzumab in older and frail patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer increased median progression-free survival by 7 months compared with dual HER2 blockade alone, with an acceptable safety profile. Trastuzumab and pertuzumab plus metronomic oral cyclophosphamide, followed by trastuzumab emtansine after disease progression, might delay or supersede the need for taxane chemotherapy in this population. Funding: F Hoffmann-La Roche. ER  - 
Relationship between concomitant benzodiazepine-opioid use and adverse outcomes among US veterans$$$ Benzodiazepines and opioids are commonly used among veterans suffering from mental health disorders and pain conditions. The objective of this study is to determine whether concomitant benzodiazepine-opioid use increases the incidence of adverse outcomes above the baseline risk of nonacute opioid-only use. The dataset contained all veterans who filled at least 1 opioid prescription during the years 2008 to 2012. Nonacute opioid use was defined as having opioid prescriptions greater than or equal to 20 days within a 60-day period. Concomitant use was defined as having opioid and benzodiazepine prescriptions that overlapped for at least 7 days. Nonacute opioid-only users were matched to concomitant opioid-benzodiazepine users based on propensity scores. A 365-day observation period was used to identify adverse outcomes. The primary outcome examines the existence of one or more of the following outcomes: opioid-related accidents and overdoses, alcohol-and nonopioid drug-related accidents and overdoses, self-inflicted injuries, violence-related injuries, wounds/injuries overall, and death. A logistic propensity score adjusted regression controlling for propensity toward concomitant use was used to determine the association of concomitant use with adverse outcomes. The final matched sample consisted of 396,141 nonacute opioid-only using veterans and 48,971 concomitant benzodiazepine-opioid users. Receiving opioids and benzodiazepines concomitantly increased the risk of experiencing an adverse outcome with an odds ratio of 1.359 (95% confidence interval: 1.320-1.400; P , 0.0001). Among veterans receiving opioids, concomitant benzodiazepine use is associated with an increased risk of adverse outcomes when compared to the baseline risk of opioid-only using veterans. ER  - 
Purpose in Life and Hospitalization for Ambulatory Care-Sensitive Conditions in Old Age$$$ Objective: To test the hypothesis that higher level of purpose in life is associated with lower subsequent odds of hospitalization. Design: Longitudinal cohort study. Setting: Participants’ residences in the Chicago metropolitan area. Participants: A total of 805 older persons who completed uniform annual clinical evaluations. Measurements: Participants annually completed a standard self-report measure of purpose in life, a component of well-being. Hospitalization data were obtained from Part A Medicare claims records. Based on previous research, ICD-9 codes were used to identify ambulatory care-sensitive conditions (ACSCs) for which hospitalization is potentially preventable. The relation of purpose (baseline and follow-up) to hospitalization was assessed in proportional odds mixed models. Results: During a mean of 4.5 years of observation, there was a total of 2,043 hospitalizations (442 with a primary ACSC diagnosis; 1,322 with a secondary ACSC diagnosis; 279 with no ACSCs). In initial analyses, higher purpose at baseline and follow-up were each associated with lower odds of more hospitalizations involving ACSCs but not hospitalizations for non-ACSCs. Results were comparable when those with low cognitive function at baseline were excluded. Adjustment for chronic medical conditions and socioeconomic status reduced but did not eliminate the association of purpose with hospitalizations involving ACSCs. Conclusions: In old age, higher level of purpose in life is associated with lower odds of subsequent hospitalizations for ambulatory care–sensitive conditions. ER  - 
Characteristics and Health Needs of Veterans in Jails and Prisons: What We Know and Do Not Know about Incarcerated Women Veterans$$$ Purpose: The majority of U.S. veterans in prisons and local jails are men, but incarcerated women veterans remain an important and understudied group. Methods: This study reported differences in sociodemographic, health, and criminal justice characteristics using Veterans Affairs (VA) administrative data on a national sample of 30,964 incarcerated veterans (30,440 men and 524 women) who received outreach from the VA Health Care for Reentry Veterans program between 2007 and 2011. Descriptive statistics and multivariable logistic regressions determined gender and racial differences in this population. Results: Compared with incarcerated veterans who were men, incarcerated women veterans were younger (d = 0.68), had significantly lower lifetime arrests (AOR, 0.65; p <.001; 99% CI, 0.49–0.87), and were less likely to have been incarcerated for a violent offense (AOR, 0.47; p <.001; 99% CI, 0.35–0.63). Notably, 58% of women were of reproductive age. Women were more likely to have reported eye problems, hypertension, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and seizure disorder, and were more likely to receive a preliminary diagnosis of mood disorder than men. Women were more likely to have received VA benefits, used VA health care before, and be willing to use VA services after release. A few important differences emerged when stratified by race. Conclusions: These findings suggest that incarcerated women veterans are interested in VA health care services, but there is lack of information about women's health needs through the Health Care for Reentry Veterans program. The inclusion of Health Care for Reentry Veterans screening questions about women's health issues may support the VA's interests to better engage women veterans in care. ER  - 
Autoimmune glial fibrillary acidic protein astrocytopathy in Chinese patients: a retrospective study$$$ Background and purpose: The aim was to describe the clinical, radiological and pathological features of an autoimmune glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) astrocytopathy. Methods: Data from 19 patients with positive GFAP-immunoglobulin G in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) were retrospectively analyzed. Results: The main disease manifestations included myelitis (68.4%), headache (63.2%), abnormal vision (63.2%), fever (52.6%), ataxia (36.8%), psychosis (31.6%), dyskinesia (15.8%), dementia (15.8%) and seizure (10.5%). Seventeen patients had brain abnormalities (89.5%), of which eight (42.1%) revealed the characteristic radial enhancing and laminar patterns. Cortical abnormalities were found in four patients (21.1%). Other abnormalities were found in the hypothalamus, midbrain, pons, medulla cerebellum, meninges and skull. Eleven patients had longitudinally extensive spinal cord lesions. CSF abnormalities were detected in all patients. Pathological examinations of four patients revealed extensive inflammation, with prominent perivascular B cells and T cells. Abundant antibody-secreting cells were noted in the interstitial and perivascular spaces. Immunohistochemical analysis showed loss of astrocytes and neurons. Conclusion: The present patients with positive GFAP-immunoglobulin G are highly similar to autoimmune GFAP astrocytopathy, described in a recent report. The features of the neuropathology and immunopathology of GFAP astrocytopathies were perivascular inflammation and loss of astrocytes and neurons. ER  - 
Pediatric NMDAR encephalitis: A single center observation study with a closer look at movement disorders$$$ Anti-N-Methyl-D-aspartate-receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis is the most frequent autoimmune encephalitis in pediatric age. This retrospective observational study was aimed at describing the clinical characteristics of the disease in a cohort of children and teenagers. Eighteen patients (10 females and 8 males), with a median age of 12.4 years at symptom onset were enrolled. The clinical presentation of the disease was marked by neurological manifestations in 13 patients and by severe psychiatric and behavioral symptoms in 5. The symptoms at onset varied according to the age: all the children presented with prominent neurological symptoms, whereas psychiatric symptoms were prominent in teenagers. Regardless the age, movement disorders (MDs) were distinctive symptoms during the acute stage of the disease. Several MDs might coexist in a given patient, and persist during sleep. The complexity, and the oddness of MDs often challenged their definition and the differential diagnosis with psychiatric manifestations and epileptic seizures. Stereotyped motor phenomena were the most typical MDs, and were recorded in all patients. Among them, perseveration, reproduction of acquired complex motor activities, and orofacial dyskinesia were the most distinctive features. In children, hyperkinetic MDs dominate; in teenagers, by contrast, a constellation of symptoms consistent with catatonia was the most frequent syndrome observed. The management of the several symptoms requires their accurate recognition, definition and assessment, and the knowledge of the potential side effects of antiepileptic and psychotropic drugs which could either mimic or worsen symptoms of encephalitis. ER  - 
Efficacy, safety, and tolerability of brivaracetam with concomitant lamotrigine or concomitant topiramate in pooled Phase III randomized, double-blind trials: A post-hoc analysis$$$ Objective: The objective was to assess the efficacy and safety of adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV) with concomitant use of lamotrigine (LTG) or topiramate (TPM) in patients with uncontrolled focal seizures. Methods: Data were pooled from three randomized, placebo-controlled Phase III studies (NCT00490035/N01252, NCT00464269/N01253, NCT01261325/N01358) of adults with focal (partial-onset) seizures. Patients taking concomitant levetiracetam were excluded from the efficacy populations, but included in the safety populations. This post-hoc analysis reports data from patients taking BRV in the approved therapeutic range (50–200 mg/day) concomitantly with LTG or TPM. Results: The number of patients in each of the three BRV dosage groups was small, particularly for the TPM subgroup. Mean percent reduction over placebo in baseline-adjusted focal seizure frequency/28 days for BRV 50, 100, and 200 mg/day was 8.7, 5.3, and 8.9 in the LTG subgroup (n = 220), and 8.4, 21.3, and − 4.2 in the TPM subgroup (n = 122). The ≥ 50% responder rate with concomitant LTG or TPM with BRV 50, 100, and 200 mg/day or placebo was LTG: 28.1%, 36.1%, 34.1%, and 29.1%; and TPM: 14.3%, 44.4%, 25.0%, and 17.5%. There were numerically ≥ 50%, ≥ 75%, ≥ 90%, and 100% responder rates for patients taking BRV ≥ 50 mg/day compared with placebo in both subgroups. In the LTG and TPM safety populations (n = 245 versus n = 125), treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were reported with LTG 68.7% versus 68.4%, and TPM 65.6% versus 57.8% (BRV ≥ 50 mg/day versus placebo). Discontinuations due to TEAEs versus placebo were LTG 7.3% versus 6.3% and TPM 8.2% versus 4.7%. The three most frequently reported TEAEs for both subgroups were somnolence, dizziness, and fatigue. Of these, the incidence of fatigue in the LTG population appeared to increase with dose. Significance: In this post-hoc pooled analysis, BRV administered with concomitant LTG or TPM reduced seizure frequency and was generally well tolerated for BRV doses of 50–200 mg/day. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of perampanel and levetiracetam as first add-on therapy in patients with epilepsy: A retrospective single center study$$$ Perampanel (PER) is a third generation antiepileptic drug (AED), recently approved as add-on therapy in both focal and generalized seizures. Levetiracetam (LEV) is a second generation AED, widely used in patients with epilepsy because of its favorable safety and efficacy profiles. Perampanel and LEV treatments have been associated with the occurrence of similar adverse events (AEs) (sleepiness, irritability, depression, anxiety, aggressiveness). The aim of the present retrospective single center study was to verify the efficacy and tolerability of PER and LEV used as first add-on therapy in patients with epilepsy affected by secondarily generalized seizures. We collected data from 15 patients treated with PER and 26 patients treated with LEV and followed at our site with follow-up visits at 3, 6, and 12 months. This retrospective study documented the comparable efficacy of PER and LEV as first add-on treatments in patients affected by uncontrolled secondarily generalized seizures. However, more patients withdrawn LEV because of AEs compared with PER at the 3- and 12-month follow-up visits. The better tolerability of PER observed in this study could be related to the low therapeutic dose of PER prescribed when it is used as first adjunctive treatment for better controlling secondarily generalized seizures. ER  - 
Eslicarbazepine acetate as a replacement for levetiracetam in people with epilepsy developing behavioral adverse events$$$ Background: Psychiatric and behavioral side effects (PBSEs) are a major cause of antiepileptic drug (AED) withdrawal. Levetiracetam (LEV) is a recognized first-line AED with good seizure outcomes but recognized with PBSEs. Eslicarbazepine (ESL) is considered to function similarly to an active metabolite of the commonly used carbamazepine (CBZ). Carbamazepine is used as psychotropic medication to assist in various psychiatric illnesses such as mood disorders, aggression, and anxiety. Aim: The aim was to evaluate the psychiatric profile of ESL in people who had LEV withdrawn due to PBSEs in routine clinical practice to see if ESL can be used as a possible alternative to LEV. Methods: A retrospective observational review was conducted in two UK epilepsy centers looking at all cases exposed to ESL since its licensing in 2010. The ESL group was all patients with treatment-resistant epilepsy who developed intolerable PBSEs to LEV, subsequently trialed on ESL. The ESL group was matched to a group who tolerated LEV without intolerable PBSEs. Psychiatric disorders were identified from case notes. The Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D) was used to outcome change in mood. Clinical diagnoses of a mental disorder were compared between groups using the Fisher's exact test. Group differences in HAM-D scores were assessed using the independent samples t-test (alpha = 0.05). Results: The total number of people with active epilepsy in the two centers was 2142 of whom 46 had been exposed to ESL. Twenty-six had previous exposure to LEV and had intolerable PBSEs who were matched to a person tolerating LEV. There was no statistical differences in the two groups for mental disorders including mood as measured by HAM-D (Chi-square test: p = 0.28). Conclusion: The ESL was well tolerated and did not produce significant PBSEs in those who had PBSEs with LEV leading to withdrawal of the drug. Though numbers were small, the findings suggest that ESL could be a treatment option in those who develop PBSEs with LEV and possibly other AEDs. ER  - 
Contribution of alcohol use disorders to the burden of dementia in France 2008–13: a nationwide retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Dementia is a prevalent condition, affecting 5–7% of people aged 60 years and older, and a leading cause of disability in people aged 60 years and older globally. We aimed to examine the association between alcohol use disorders and dementia risk, with an emphasis on early-onset dementia (<65 years). Methods: We analysed a nationwide retrospective cohort of all adult (≥20 years) patients admitted to hospital in metropolitan France between 2008 and 2013. The primary exposure was alcohol use disorders and the main outcome was dementia, both defined by International Classification of Diseases, tenth revision discharge diagnosis codes. Characteristics of early-onset dementia were studied among prevalent cases in 2008–13. Associations of alcohol use disorders and other risk factors with dementia onset were analysed in multivariate Cox models among patients admitted to hospital in 2011–13 with no record of dementia in 2008–10. Findings: Of 31 624 156 adults discharged from French hospitals between 2008 and 2013, 1 109 343 were diagnosed with dementia and were included in the analyses. Of the 57 353 (5·2%) cases of early-onset dementia, most were either alcohol-related by definition (22 338 [38·9%]) or had an additional diagnosis of alcohol use disorders (10 115 [17·6%]). Alcohol use disorders were the strongest modifiable risk factor for dementia onset, with an adjusted hazard ratio of 3·34 (95% CI 3·28–3·41) for women and 3·36 (3·31–3·41) for men. Alcohol use disorders remained associated with dementia onset for both sexes (adjusted hazard ratios >1·7) in sensitivity analyses on dementia case definition (including Alzheimer's disease) or older study populations. Also, alcohol use disorders were significantly associated with all other risk factors for dementia onset (all p<0·0001). Interpretation: Alcohol use disorders were a major risk factor for onset of all types of dementia, and especially early-onset dementia. Thus, screening for heavy drinking should be part of regular medical care, with intervention or treatment being offered when necessary. Additionally, other alcohol policies should be considered to reduce heavy drinking in the general population. Funding: None. ER  - 
Conversion to brivaracetam monotherapy for the treatment of patients with focal seizures: Two double-blind, randomized, multicenter, historical control, Phase III studies$$$ Brivaracetam (BRV), a selective, high-affinity ligand for synaptic vesicle protein 2A, is a new antiepileptic drug (AED) approved for monotherapy (in the USA) and adjunctive treatment of focal (partial-onset) seizures in adults, at a dose range of 50–200 mg/day taken in two equal doses, with a recommended starting dose of 100 mg/day. Two Phase III, randomized, double-blind, multicenter, historical-controlled, conversion-to-monotherapy studies (N01276, NCT00698581; N01306, NCT00699283) were conducted to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of conversion to BRV 50 mg/day monotherapy in adults with uncontrolled focal seizures. Patients aged 16–75 years, with 2–40 focal seizures per 4 weeks during an 8-week baseline, and on stable doses of 1–2 AEDs were enrolled. Patients were randomized to BRV 50 or 100 mg/day (3:1) in two equal doses without titration. The treatment period comprised 1-week BRV add-on, 8-week baseline AED tapering, and 8-week BRV monotherapy periods. Primary efficacy endpoint was Kaplan-Meier estimate of the cumulative exit rate due to pre-defined exit criteria at Day 112 (50 mg/day, efficacy population). The upper 95% confidence interval (CI) was compared with the historical control threshold (0.722). Safety and tolerability assessments included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs; intent-to-treat population). After randomization of 150 patients (N01276: 88; N01306: 62), both studies were terminated due to the confounding effects of a higher-than-expected discontinuation rate. For BRV 50 mg/day, ≥1 exit criterion was met by 26/67 (38.8%) patients (study N01276) and 18/45 (40.0%) patients (study N01306). In both studies, the cumulative exit rate was lower than the historical control threshold (N01276: 0.487, 95% CI 0.347, 0.626; N01306: 0.474, 95% CI 0.310, 0.638). However, with maximum 10% censoring due to early withdrawal (sensitivity analysis), cumulative exit rates were above historical control (N01276: 0.652, 95% CI 0.532, 0.772; N01306: 0.704, 95% CI 0.563, 0.844). Overall incidence of TEAEs was 110/150, 73.3% (treatment period); 78/147, 53.1% (baseline AED tapering period); 41/84, 48.8% (BRV monotherapy period). In conclusion, BRV 50 mg/day monotherapy demonstrated an exit rate lower than historical control. Results should be interpreted with caution as, following termination of both studies, patient numbers were too low to evaluate the efficacy of BRV monotherapy. These are the first published safety and tolerability data for BRV monotherapy. Monotherapy was well tolerated, with a relatively low incidence of TEAEs, though this should be interpreted with the caveat that the majority of common TEAEs were likely to have occurred earlier in the course of treatment with BRV. No new safety concerns were identified, supporting the favorable safety profile of BRV observed in adjunctive studies. ER  - 
Clinical utility of amyloid PET imaging with (18)F-florbetapir: A retrospective study of 100 patients$$$ Background and objective Amyloid-positron emission tomography (PET) imaging (API) detects amyloid-beta pathology early in the course of Alzheimer's disease (AD) with high sensitivity and specificity. (18)F-florbetapir (Amyvid) is an amyloid-binding PET ligand with a half-life suitable for clinical use outside of the research setting. How API affects patient investigation and management in the 'real-world' arena is unknown. To address this, we retrospectively documented the effect of API in patients in the memory clinic. Methods We reviewed the presenting clinical features, the pre-API and post-API investigations, diagnosis and outcomes for the first 100 patients who had API as part of their routine work-up at the Imperial Memory Centre, a tertiary referral clinic in the UK National Health Service. Results API was primarily used to investigate patients with atypical clinical features (56 cases) or those that were young at onset (42 cases). MRI features of AD did not always predict positive API (67%), and 6 of 23 patients with MRIs reported as normal were amyloid-PET positive. There were significantly more cases categorised as non-AD dementia post-API (from 11 to 23). Patients investigated when API was initially available had fewer overall investigations and all patients had significantly fewer investigations in total post-API. Conclusions API has a clear impact on the investigation of young-onset or complex dementia while reducing the overall burden of investigations. It was most useful in younger patients, atypical presentations or individuals with multiple possible causes of cognitive impairment. ER  - 
The Effects of Intraoperative Sedation on Surgical Outcomes of Deep Brain Stimulation Surgery$$$ Background: Intraoperative sedation is often used to facilitate deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgery; however, these sedative agents also suppress microelectrode recordings (MER). To date, there have been no studies that have examined the effects of differing sedatives on surgical outcomes and the success of DBS surgery. Methods: We performed a retrospective study to evaluate the effect of differing sedative agents on postoperative surgical outcomes at 6 months in parkinsonian adult patients who underwent DBS surgery, from January 2004 through December 2014, at one academic center. Surgical outcomes of DBS were evaluated using a simplified Unified Parkinson Diseases Rating Score-III and levodopa dose equivalent reduction at baseline and 6 months postoperatively. Results: We analyzed data from 121 of 124 consecutive parkinsonian patients. Propofol, dexmedetomidine, remifentanil, and midazolam were used individually or in combination. All sedatives were routinely discontinued 20 to 30 minutes before MER, in accordance with our institutional protocol. We found no statistically significant association between the use of individual agent or combination of sedative agents and surgical outcomes at 6 months, the success of DBS, duration of MER, duration of stage 1 procedure, and perioperative complications. Conclusions: Our study showed that the choice of sedative agent was not associated with poor surgical outcomes after DBS surgery using MER and macrostimulation techniques in parkinsonian patients. ER  - 
Local Experience in using Hormonal Therapies according to the UKISS Studies in the Treatment of Infantile Spasms in Hong Kong$$$ Infantile spasms constitute severe epileptic encephalopathy in infancy with characteristic seizure semiology and electroencephalographic patterns. Besides the spasms, the most detrimental effect is the impact on future developmental outcomes. Different treatment methods are used, but hormonal therapy is the most well-accepted method for treating infantile spasms in nontuberous sclerosis cases. After the launch of the original United Kingdom Infantile Spasms Study (UKISS) and the two follow-up articles, the regimens of hormonal therapy became more structured and the expected treatment outcomes were studied better. We would like to share our local experience using this protocol to treat patients with infantile spasms in Hong Kong with a case series of four patients. ER  - 
Pregabalin dispensing patterns in Amman-Jordan: An observational study from community pharmacies$$$ Objectives: Pregabalin is currently approved for the treatment of epilepsy, generalized anxiety disorder, neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia. Rising attention to the abuse liability of pregabalin causing addictive behaviors is partially based on case reports and published literature of pregabalin used in dosages that override the approved therapeutic range. This study was conducted to provide background data regarding the abuse/misuse of pregabalin from community pharmacy in Jordan. Methods: A prospective cross-sectional observational study design was used, which was conducted at different community pharmacies in Amman-Jordan. During the study period (November 2016–January 2017), a total 77 requests for pregabalin were observed from 14 pharmacies. A structured interview was conducted with all customers to gather information regarding their demographic and their request of pregabalin. Results: A total of 77 pregabalin requests form 77 customers in a community pharmacy setting were observed in this study. Spinal disc herniation was the most common complaint for which the customer asked for the medication (n = 27, 35.1%). Self-medication was the most frequent method of requesting pregabalin (n = 44, 57.1%), while a total of 33 customers (42.9%) asked for the product using a prescription. During the observation period the number of customers suspected of abusing pregabalin for non-medical reason was 35 (45.5%). A total of 33 out of the 35 suspected customers (94.3%) asked for the product without a prescription, and 19/35 weren‘t sold due to suspicion of abuse (54.3%). Conclusion: The study underscores the need for regulatory efforts to manage pregabalin abuse, through the addition of pregabalin containing products to the controlled drug list which can't be purchased without a prescription. Also, pharmacists and customers must be educated at a community pharmacy level regarding potential hazards of pregabalin abuse. ER  - 
Blood lead level in children with neurological disorders$$$ Objective We aimed to investigate the blood lead level (BLL) in children with neurologic disorders of unknown causes and compare it with normal children. Materials & Methods In this prospective case-control study, 68 patients aged 1 to 18 yr with neurologic disorders of unknown causes, were referred to pediatric neurology clinics and wards, Shiraz, Iran selected during a 12 months period from Sep 2013. They were compared with 1:1 ratio, age, and sex-matched healthy children. BLL was checked from all participants using 3 cc heparinized venous blood sample. Level of ≥5 mcg/dl was considered toxic dose. Results Totally, 136 children (68 cases and 68 controls) with mean ages of 5.20±4.12 and 4.18±3.86 yr, respectively, were enrolled. Mean BLL was higher in case group than in controls but the difference was not significant (P=0.84), though they were less than toxic levels in both. In addition, the difference in mean BLLs was not significant in terms of living place, sex, and age. Totally, 17.7% of the study sample had BLL ≥5 mcg/dl. The frequency of BLL ≥5 mcg/dl was significantly higher in case group (P=0.024) with an odds ratio 2.9 times higher (95% CI: 1.066-7.60). Conclusion Strategies in public health must focus on practicing primary and secondary preventions of lead exposure in children. ER  - 
Burden of care in children with epilepsy and learning difficulties: Management challenges$$$ Aims To identify the unmet needs of children with Learning Difficulties (LD) and Epilepsy seen in a local service. Methods Retrospective case note review using standard audit proforma were used to collect information on the standard of care for children with epilepsy and learning disabilities according to NICE guidelines. Case notes of 72 children with Epilepsy in 3 severe learning disability schools were reviewed. Results Children with Epilepsy had a Joint clinic review by the Consultant Paediatrician and Specialist Epilepsy Nurse. Thirty-one (43%) children had used more than 3 anti-epileptic drugs whilst 80% of the children had been reviewed by the Paediatric Neurologist. Challenging behaviour was reported in forty three children (59.7%). Thirty children (41.6%) had anxiety concerns and 37 (51.3%) children reported mood disturbances. Twenty four (35%) of the children had a diagnosis of ADHD/ASD. Seventeen children (23%) had been seen by CAMHS for challenging behaviour with 12 (70.6%) of the children treated with medication for their behaviour. Social care involvement was seen in 52 (72%) children. Sleep difficulties requiring medication treatment were seen in 20% of the children. Conclusion The audit showed the service is providing good medical care for children with epilepsy and LD however the study showed a gap in provision of social care support and management of challenging behaviour which is common in this population. The study highlighted that services are poorly commissioned for this group of children, with health care pro-fessionals, nurses and doctors responding to concerns which should be better managed by other services. The current medical model for management of epilepsy does not meet the needs for this population and emphasis should be on developing joined up working between health, social care and mental health services as this will improve the quality of life for the children and their families. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric factors linked to adherence and short-term outcome in a U.S. functional neurological disorders clinic: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Despite advancements in the assessment and management of functional neurological disorder (FND), the feasibility of implementing a new standard of care remains unclear. Chart reviews were performed for 100 patients with motor FND to investigate factors related to treatment adherence and clinical improvement over an average follow-up of 7 months. Of 81 patients who returned for follow-up, a history of chronic pain disorder inversely correlated with improvement. Of the 50 individuals newly referred for treatment, adherence correlated with improvement, while having abnormal neuroimaging inversely correlated with improvement. This study supports the feasibility of applying a new standard of care for FND. ER  - 
Neurocutaneous melanosis, melanoma, psychological distress, and giant congenital melanocytic nevi$$$ BACKGROUND: Congenital melanocytic nevi (CMN) are nevomelanocyticproliferations presents at birth. On the basis of their size theyare small (< 1.5 cm), medium (1.5 to 19.5 cm) and giant (> 20 cm).Giant congenital melanocytic nevi (GCMN) are associated withneurocutaneous melanosis, melanoma and psychosocial alterations.OBJECTIVE: To determine the association of neurocutaneous melanosis,melanoma and psychosocial alterations in children with giantcongenital melanocytic nevi.PATIENTS AND METHOD: A retrospective, descriptive study wasmade. Records of patients diagnosed with giant congenital melanocyticnevi seen by the Dermatology Department of the National Instituteof Pediatrics from January 1971 to December 2014 were searched.RESULTS: Thirty-seven medical records of children with giant congenitalmelanocytic nevi (GCMN) were examined. GCMN were presentat birth, 24 (65%) were girls. The most frequent anatomic localizationwas one body region (n = 28, 76%). The most frequent body regionaffected was the trunk (18/28, 64%). Predominant clinical presentationwas: flat (20, 54%), dark brown (20, 54%) hypertrichosis (33,89%). Pruritus (n = 5), pruritus plus reduced growth of the affectedarm (n = 1) and pain plus history of two fractures of the leg affected(n = 1) were documented. Associated satellite nevi were present in29/37 (78%). Twenty-nine patients (78%) were treated: surgery 20/29(69%) was the most common management followed by chemical peel.Suggestive signs or symptoms of neurocutaneous melanosis (NCM)were: headaches (n = 3), seizures (n = 2), neurodevelopmental delay (n = 2), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (n = 1), and nevi location(n = 4). The magnetic resonance imaging had findings of NCM in2 cases. We have no melanoma cases. Another associated tumors werepresent in 10/37 (27%) patients. Psychosocial/emotional problemswere found in 9/37 patients (24%).CONCLUSIONS: Our neurocutaneous melanosis cases support thatclinical follow-up for asymptomatic neurocutaneous melanosis can beadequate. Possible psychological impact resulting from giant congenitalmelanocytic nevi in children and their parents requires psychologicalinterventions. ER  - 
Cholinesterase inhibitors and survival in Alzheimer's disease in Down syndrome$$$ Introduction.- Individuals withDownsyndrome (DS) have a genetic predisposition to Alzheimer's disease (AD), but there is considerable variation in the clinical course, which is not well understood. Furthermore, there is little evidence to guide pharmacological treatment. Objectives.- We used data from a large number of individuals with DS diagnosed with dementia in clinical services in England to explore factors associated with age of onset and predictors of survival. In addition, we investigated the effect of cholinesterase inhibitors or memantine on survival and function. Methods.- Retrospective clinical cohort study design using clinical data (demographics, age at diagnosis, age at death, health comorbidities including depression, thyroid disorder and epilepsy) from specialist intellectual disability services in England, UK (n = 310). Predictors of age at diagnosis were identified using inferential statistics and confounders adjusted for using multivariate regression. Survival rates were estimated using Kaplan-Meier estimates, and hazard ratios using multivariate Cox regression. Results.- We describe the typical age at diagnosis and survival of individuals with DS diagnosed with dementia. Median survival time (5.59 years; 95% confidence interval 4.67, 6.67) for those on medication (n = 145, mainly cholinesterase inhibitors) was significantly greater than for those untreated (n = 165) (3.45 years, 95% confidence interval 2.91, 4.13; P < 0.001). Sequential assessments demonstrated an early effect in maintaining cognitive function. Conclusions.- Cholinesterase inhibitors appear to offer some benefit in people with Down syndrome and AD that is comparable to sporadic AD; a trial to test the effect of earlier treatment (prodromal AD) in Down syndrome may be indicated. ER  - 
Effects of sertraline on seizure duration during ECT$$$ Introduction.- Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are known to lower the seizure threshold; however, some studies have claimed that antidepressant sertraline is particularly effective in preventing seizures. The particular efficacy of sertraline to prevent seizures induced by ECT is explained by its high effectiveness to reduce brain presinaptic Na and Ca channels permeability. Objectives.-Weaimed at exploring whether sertraline shortens the seizure duration in electroconvulzive therapy by raising seizure threshold. Methods.- We retrospectively reviewed the files of patients who underwent ECT treatment in our clinic. We have analysed their seizure durations, antidepressant medications, sociodemographic factors and medical conditions. Results.- While we were retrospectively reviewing the files of patients who underwent ECT treatment, we noticed that six patients who had short ECT seizure durations were taking sertraline medication. We have analysed the files of these patients in detail. All patients undergoing ECT received a general anaesthetic regimen including propofol and esmoron. Four of them was female, and two of them was male. The ages of patients was between 23 and 71. Five of them was diagnosed with major depression and one of them had schizophrenia. Patient's sertraline doses was between 50 and 200 mg/day. In two patients it was noticed that the duration of seizures during ECT suddenly shortened after sertraline treatment was started. In one patient, sertraline dose increased and seizure duration shortened. Other three patients who were previously known to be taking sertraline medication have had brief seizures during ECT since the begining of the ECT treatment. Conclusion.- Sertraline shortens the seizure duration during ECT in some patients. ER  - 
Dissociative vs. Non-dissociative posttraumatic stress disorder among asylum seekers: Functional neurological symptoms as a component of the subtype$$$ Introduction.- Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders-5 (DSM-5) includes a dissociative subtype of posttraumatic stress disorder (D-PTSD) marked by prominent depersonalization and derealization symptoms. The diagnostic criteria of D-PTSD are rather restricted and more research is needed to deepen our understanding of this subtype. Objectives.- We aimed to compare D-PTSD with non-dissociative PTSD (ND-PTSD) with regard to clinical-sociodemographic characteristics in a sample of asylum seekers (AS). Methods.- The files of a consecutive sample of (n = 152; F/M = 66/86) AS who admitted to a centre of transcultural psychiatry in Germany between 01.01.2014-01.03.2017 were evaluated retrospectively regarding DSM-5-diagnostic criteria for PTSD and other clinicalsociodemographic characteristics. Results.- PTSD was diagnosed in 112 (M/F = 57/55, age = 34.6±10.2) of the AS (D-PTSD/ND-PTSD = 58/54). D-PTSD was significantly more common in females, associated with higher trauma load, more bodily injuries and higher suicidal ideation when compared to ND-PTSD (P < 0.05 for all). From DSM-5 diagnostic criteria: B3, B4, B5, C1, D1, D2, D3, D6, E1, E2, E3 were significantly more common in D-PTSD than in ND-PTSD (P < 0.05 for all). Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) were solely encountered in D-PTSD group (25.9%). Functional neurological symptoms other than PNES were also significantly more common in D-PTSD (D-PTSD/NDPTSD = 39.7%/7.4%; P < 0.001). Conclusions.- This study showed that AS with D-PTSD differed regarding many clinical characteristics from AS with ND-PTSD, which supports and strengthens the subtype model in this specific population. Functional neurological symptoms, especially PNES were common and seem to be specific to D-PTSD, which may be considered as a candidate diagnostic criterion for D-PTSD in DSM-6. ER  - 
Prevalence of psychiatric disorders in Thai patients with epilepsy$$$ Introduction.- Many studies have shown that there are higher psychiatric problems in patients with epilepsy (PWE) compared to those in the general population. In Thailand, however, the prevalence of psychiatric disorders among PWE has not been reported. Objective.- To study the prevalence and characteristics of psychiatric disorders in Thai PWE. Methods.- A cross-sectional study was conducted at Ramathibodi Hospital. A total of 170 patients (aged 18 years old or above) diagnosed as epilepsy by neurologists were recruited at the outpatient neurology clinic. Demographic and clinical characteristics were collected. Participants were evaluated for any psychiatric disorders according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition, using the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview. Prevalence of psychiatric disorderswasdetermined. Chisquare test and logistic regression were applied to analyse the associations between psychiatric disorders and associated factors. Results.- Among 170 participants (mean age 43.5), 43 (25.3%) fulfilled diagnostic criteria for one or more psychiatric disorders. The prevalence of depressive disorders was shown to be highest at 10.0%, followed by psychotic disorders (8.2%), bipolar disorder (7.1%), anxiety disorders (5.3%), and obsessive-compulsive disorder (2.9%). Electroencephalogram (EEG) abnormalities in temporal lobe were found to be a significant predictor of having psychiatric disorders inPWE(adjusted odds ratio 4.01, 95% confidence interval: 1.47-10.92, P-value = 0.007). Conclusions.- The prevalence of psychiatric disorders among Thai PWE was higher than in the general population. Screening for psy chiatric disorders in this population is recommended, especially in those with EEG abnormalities in temporal lobe. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures among patients with functional neurological disorder: A case series from a Tanzanian referral hospital and literature review$$$ Objective: Functional neurological disorders (FNDs) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are likely as common in Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) as in the rest of the world, but there is a dearth of literature on the epidemiology and clinical presentation of these disorders in Africa. The purpose of this paper is to describe a case series of FNDs presenting to a referral hospital in SSA. In addition, we review the existing literature on FNDs in Africa. Methods: A hospital-based retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted to determine the prevalence, epidemiology, and clinical phenotype of FNDs and PNES in a referral hospital in Northern Tanzania over a 6-year period (2007–2013). Results: Of 2,040 patients presenting with neurological complaints, 44 (2.2%) were diagnosed with FNDs. Half (n = 22) had the clinical presentation of PNES. Age of presentation for FNDs and PNES peaked in the teen years 12–19 (n = 21 48%; and n = 14, 63%, respectively), and the majority were female (n = 30, 68%; and n = 14, 63%, respectively). The majority presented acutely with short-lived and self-limiting symptoms (only 2 recurrent cases). Literature review revealed multiple reports of “mass hysteria” in SSA often meeting the clinical criteria of epidemic FNDs. Significance: FNDs and PNES occur in Africa with age and gender distribution comparable to that found elsewhere. Although the percentage of FND cases overall was relatively low (2.2%), it is likely to be an underestimate because not all cases were recorded, and cases may be appropriately managed locally before patients are referred to a hospital. PNES was the most common phenotype of FNDs reported, and the African phenotype may be short-lived and self-limiting rather than chronic and recurrent, as reported elsewhere in the world. PNES presentations may also occur in clusters, which may have cultural significance in Africa. FNDs in Africa appear to be underreported, particularly over the last 30 years. ER  - 
Comparison of clinical and serological features of juvenile and adult-onset neuropsychiatric lupus in Spanish patients$$$ Background Neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations are a main cause of morbidity and mortality in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (jSLE). Some studies suggest that they are more frequent and severe in jSLE than in adult-onset SLE (aSLE). Objectives To compare clinical and serological profiles of paediatric and adult patients with neuropsychiatric lupus (NPSLE) treated in a Spanish tertiary centre. Methods We performed a retrospective study of patients with jSLE (onset age: 0-18 y) and aSLE (onset age: >18 y) seen in our centre during the period 1988-2016. ACR's case definitions were used to identify NPSLE manifestations. Demographics, clinical and serological data were obtained from their medical records. Results 69 patients with NPSLE were included (aSLE 41, jSLE 28), most of them Caucasians (92%). Mean age at diagnosis was 36.4 y (range: 19-68) in adults and 13.9 y (range: 8-18) in children. The proportion of males was higher in the latter group. Mean disease duration was significantly greater in adults, as well as time from SLE diagnosis to NP manifestation onset, although without significant difference (comparison of groups is presented in the table). Central NP manifestations were more frequent (aSLE 93%, jSLE 96%) than peripheral manifestations (aSLE 12%, jSLE 11%). The most common manifestations in aSLE were headache (29%), cerebrovascular disease (27%) and seizures (17%), whereas in jSLE were seizures (46%), headache (29%) and mood disorder/depression (25%). A significant group of patients presented 2 or more central manifestations during follow-up (aSLE 32%, jSLE 41%); mean number of manifestations was 1.36 (range: 1-3) in adults and 1.44 (range: 1-4) in children. jSLE patients with developed lupus nephritis more frequently, as well as higher anti-DNA antibodies titres, increased erythrosedimentation rate (ESR) and hypocomplementemia. Mortality occurred in 2 cases of aSLE and 2 jSLE. Conclusions Our results corroborate that juvenile patients with NPSLE present higher disease activity compared to adults. There was no significant diference in time from SLE diagnosis to NP manifestation onset, but tended to be shorter in jSLE. The spectrum of NPSLE was varied both groups and an important proportion developed 2 or more manifestations. Mortality continues to be important in NPSLE in both age groups. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Comparison of clinical and serological characteristics between patients with systemic lupus erythematosus with and without associated jaccoud's arthropathy$$$ Objectives To compare the profile of clinical and serological manifestations of patients with SLE with and without JA followed in a tertiary care hospital of Madrid. Methods We performed a retrospective observational study of a cohort of patients diagnosed with SLE (4 or more ACR criteria) between June 1977 and December 2015. The variables evaluated included demographics, clinical, analytical and radiological manifestations. The definition of JA was based on the presence of clinical criteria (reversible joint deformities) and absence of radiographic erosions typical of rheumatoid arthritis. Results We included 108 patients representing a sample of 24% of the total number of patients with SLE treated at our centre during that period. The majority of patients were women (89.8%), mean age at diagnosis was 30±12.29 years (range: 7-75) and duration of disease was 127 months (range: 2-411). Thirteen patients (12.03%) had findings compatible with JA. There were no significant differences in age, sex or race, but the duration of disease was higher in JA patients (190 vs 118.2 months, p=0.0299). There were significant differences in the presence of malar rash (p=0.0009), photosensitivity (p=0.0050), oral ulcers (p=0.0032) and pericarditis (p=0.000001), which were more frequent in patients without JA, but arthritis, nephritis, pleuritis, seizures, psychosis, Raynaud's phenomenon and antiphospholipid syndrome had a similar distribution between both groups. Among the immunological features, no significant difference was found in relation to hemolytic anaemia, lymphopenia, thrombocytopenia, ANA, anti-ENA, anti-DNA, anticardiolipin, anti-b2 glycoprotein I and lupus anticoagulant, but leukopenia was also more frequent in patients without JA (p=0.0041). Conclusions In the analysed sample of patients in our centre JA was a relatively frequent finding and was associated with a longer duration of the disease. It was not possible to corroborate other JA associations suggested in previous studies such as a lower frequency of lupus nephritis or major secondary antiphospholipid syndrome, probably due to limited sample size, but there are also other studies that do not demonstrate significant differences in relation to clinical and serological findings in patients with SLE with JA with respect to those who do not present it. ER  - 
Suicide following acute admissions for physical illnesses across England and Wales$$$ BACKGROUND: The study aim was to establish and quantify suicide risk following acute admissions for all major physical illnesses, for confirmatory purposes, from two independent information sources from different countries. METHODS: Record linkage of inpatient and death certificate data for 11 004 389 acute admissions for physical illnesses in England and 713 496 in Wales. The main outcome measure was standardised mortality ratios (SMRs) for suicide at 1 year following discharge from hospital. RESULTS: There were 1781 suicides within 1 year of discharge in England (SMR = 1.7; 95% = 1.6-1.8) and 131 in Wales (SMR = 2.0; 1.7-2.3). Of 48 major physical illnesses that were associated with at least eight suicides in either country, there was high consistent suicide mortality (significant SMR >3) in both countries for constipation (SMR = 4.1 in England, 7.5 in Wales), gastritis (4.4 and 4.9) and upper gastrointestinal bleeding (3.4 and 4.5). There was high suicide mortality in one country for alcoholic liver disease, other liver disease and chronic pancreatitis; for epilepsy and Parkinson's disease; for diabetes, hypoglycaemia and hypo-osmolality & hyponatraemia; and for pneumonia, back pain and urinary tract infections. CONCLUSIONS: There is little or no increased suicide mortality following acute admissions for most physical illnesses. Much of the increased suicide mortality relates to gastrointestinal disorders that are often alcohol related or specific chronic conditions, which may be linked to side effects from certain therapeutic medications. Acute hospital admissions for physical illnesses may therefore provide an opportunity for targeted suicide prevention among people with certain conditions, particularly alcohol related disorders. ER  - 
Family rituals in pediatric epilepsy: Links to parental competence and adaptation$$$ This cross-sectional study examined the associations between family ritual meaning and 3 indicators of parental adaptation (anxious and depressive symptoms and quality of life) via 2 dimensions of parental competence-satisfaction and efficacy-in parents of children with epilepsy. Two hundred Portuguese parents of children diagnosed with epilepsy for at least 6 months completed self-report measures assessing the main study variables. Our results showed that when parents reported stronger family ritual meaning, they also reported higher levels of parental satisfaction and efficacy, which were in turn were associated with lower psychological distress (anxious and depressive symptoms) and better quality of life of parents. This pattern of results was significant regardless of the severity of children's epilepsy, age group, and family socioeconomic level. In the context of pediatric epilepsy, empirical evidence was found for the role of family ritual meaning in being directly and indirectly associated with parents' adaptation outcomes by higher levels of parental satisfaction and efficacy. Focusing intervention targets on what families naturally do and recognize as their own ritual meaning may be a favorable route to address those at risk of psychological distress and lower quality of life. (PsycINFO Database Record ER  - 
Pediatric-onset multiple sclerosis in egypt: A multi-center registry of 186 patients$$$ Introduction: Although the frequency of pediatric-onset multiple sclerosis (POMS) has increased in recent decades, it is still highly uncommon, which creates a need for the involvement of more registries from various clinical centers. Objective: To characterize the demographic, clinical, and paraclinical features of Egyptian patients with POMS. Patients and methods: A retrospective chart review study was undertaken on 237 Egyptian patients with demyelinating events which started before the age of 18 years who attended one of five tertiary referral centers in Cairo, Egypt. Results: Multiple sclerosis was diagnosed in 186 patients, 47 (25.27%) patients had disease onset before the age of 12 years; “early-onset pediatric multiple sclerosis (EOPMS)”. The mean age of disease onset was (14.13±2.49 years), with a female:male ratio of 1.62:1, none of the enrolled patients had a primary progressive course (PPMS), whereas 10 patients (5.38%) had a secondary progressive form. Approximately two-thirds of the patients had monofocal disease onset, and less than 10% presented with encephalopathy; most of them had EOPMS. Motor weakness was the presenting symptom in half of the patients, whereas cerebellar presentation was detected in 34.95%, mainly in EOPMS. Seizures (not related to encephalopathy) were more frequent in those with EOPMS. Initial brain magnetic resonance images were positive in all patients, with detected atypical lesions in 29.03%, enhanced lesions in 35.48%, black holes in 13.98%, and infratentorial in 34.41%. Cervical cord involvement was found in 68.28%. More than two-thirds of the patients received either immunomodulatory or immunosuppressant (IS) treatment throughout their disease course, and about half of them received their treatment within the first year from symptoms onset, with a more favorable outcome, and patients with highly active disease received natalizumab, fingolimod, or other IS. Conclusion: The results from this registry – the largest for MS in the Arab region to date – are comparable to other registries. Immunomodulatory therapies in POMS are well tolerated and efficacious and they can improve the long-term outcome in children. ER  - 
Association of psychosis, affective disorders and diseases affecting the immune system$$$ Purpose of the article: There are indications of altered immune activity in depressed and psychotic patients compared to healthy controls in several studies. To explore the clinical importance of this phenomenon we examined the relation between different disorders affecting the immune system and psychoses and depression, respectively. Materials and methods: A total of 276 patients consecutively admitted to a psychiatric acute ward were included in the study. Of these 41 patients fulfilled the criteria for ICD-10 F20–29 (psychotic) diagnosis and 157 patients a F30–39 (affective) diagnosis. Information on diseases affecting the immune system in patients themselves and family members of the patients were obtained by a self-report questionnaire. Results: Comparing the two groups showed a significant correlation between the F20–29 group and eczema (r = −0.116, p =.037). Comparing what patients reported for family members showed a significantly higher frequency of epilepsy (p =.033) in the F20–29 group. Summarizing all immunological diseases for family members showed a significantly higher frequency in the F30–39 group compared to the F20–29 group (χ2 = 4, 82, df = 1, p =.028). Conclusions: There may be differences between the F20–29 and F30–39 groups and their family members regarding risk for diseases affecting the immune system. This is in line with different activity of the immune system measured in blood for the disorders and may add information regarding etiology and pathology of these psychiatric diseases. Further studies including a greater number of subjects, as well as confirmation of the immunological diseases through blood samples are needed. ER  - 
Childhood epilepsy and ADHD comorbidity in an Indian tertiary medical center outpatient population$$$ This study aimed to assess the prevalence of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and its characteristics and risk factors in children with epilepsy at a tertiary medical center in New Delhi. Children with active epilepsy, aged 6 to 12 years, were assessed for ADHD using DSM-IV-TR criteria. Epilepsy and psychiatric characteristics, sociodemographic indicators, and use of antiepileptic drugs were analyzed for differences between the ADHD and non-ADHD groups. Among the 73 children with epilepsy, 23% (n = 17) had comorbid ADHD, of whom 59% (n = 10) had predominantly inattentive type, 35% (n = 6) combined type, and 6% (n = 1) predominantly hyperactive-impulsive type. Lower IQ scores, epileptiform EEG activity, not attending school, and male sex were significantly associated with comorbid ADHD in children with epilepsy. Groups were similar in terms of age, socioeconomic indicators, family history of psychiatric disorders, seizure frequency in the last six months, seizure etiology, and seizure type. Epilepsy is a common pediatric neurological condition with frequent psychiatric comorbidities, including ADHD. Specialists should collaborate to optimize treatment for children with epilepsy and ADHD, especially for families in developing countries where the burden of disease can be great. ER  - 
Brivaracetam in the treatment of patients with epilepsy-first clinical experiences$$$ Objectives: To assess first clinical experiences with brivaracetam (BRV) in the treatment of epilepsies. Methods: Data on patients treated with BRV from February to December 2016 and with at least one clinical follow-up were collected from electronic patient records. Data on safety and efficacy were evaluated retrospectively. Results: In total, 93 patients were analyzed; 12 (12.9%) received BRV in monotherapy. The mean duration to follow-up was 4.85 months (MD = 4 months; SD = 3.63). Fifty-seven patients had more than one seizure per month at baseline and had a follow-up of more than 4 weeks; the rate of ≥ 50% responders was 35.1% (n = 20) in this group, of which five (8.8%) patients were newly seizure-free. In 50.5% (47/93), patients were switched from levetiracetam (LEV) to BRV, of which 43 (46.2%) were switched immediately. Adverse events (AE) occurred in 39.8%, with 22.6% experiencing behavioral and 25.8% experiencing non-behavioral AE. LEV-related AE (LEV-AE) were significantly reduced by switching to BRV. The discontinuation of BRV was reported in 26/93 patients (28%); 10 of those were switched back to LEV with an observed reduction of AE in 70%. For clinical reasons, 12 patients received BRV in monotherapy, 75% were seizure-free, and previous LEV-AE improved in 6/9 patients. BRV-related AE occurred in 5/12 cases, and five patients discontinued BRV. Conclusion: BRV seems to be a safe, easy, and effective option in the treatment of patients with epilepsy, especially in the treatment of patients who have psychiatric comorbidities and might not be good candidates for LEV treatment. BRV broadens the therapeutic spectrum and facilitates personalized treatment. ER  - 
Evaluation of dose and outcomes for pediatric vilazodone ingestions$$$ Background: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) exposures among children younger than 6 years of age are generally well tolerated. Vilazodone is an SSRI with partial agonism at the 5-HT1A receptor with demonstrated clinical efficacy for depression whose off-label usage is likely to increase. Recent evidence suggests that unintentional ingestion of vilazodone in children under 6 years old is associated with more severe clinical effects than other SSRIs. We chose to evaluate dose and outcomes for pediatric vilazodone ingestions. Methods: A retrospective analysis of single-substance exposures associated with vilazodone among children younger than 6 years of age from 2011 through 2016 was conducted using data from the National Poison Data System. Results: During 2011–2016, 753 vilazodone ingestions among children <6 years old were reported to US poison control centers. A near majority (49.0%, n = 369) experienced one or more clinical effects. The dose ingested was reported for 596 children (79%). The median dose associated with major effects was 50.0mg (Mean: 106.0) compared with 40.0mg (Mean 81.1) for moderate effects. Half (50.0%) of children with a major effect and 54.0% with a moderate effect ingested ≤40 mg of vilazodone. As the dose of vilazodone ingested increased, the proportions of exposures admitted to a healthcare facility (HCF) (p <.001) and with serious outcomes (p <.001) both increased. Children ≤2 years had higher proportions of HCF admission (33.8% vs 23.1%) and serious outcomes (27.0% vs 17.7%) than children 3–5 years of age. Clinical effects, such as coma, seizures, ataxia, and hallucinations/delusions, were observed among children ingesting doses of vilazodone as low as 10 mg. Conclusions: Exposure to vilazodone poses a unique and potentially serious threat to children <6 years of age. Children in this age group who are exposed to vilazodone should be evaluated promptly in a clinical setting. Off-label use of vilazodone in children under 6 years should be discouraged until further research is conducted regarding its safety in this population. ER  - 
Comparison of Outcomes Between Laparoscopic Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass and Sleeve Gastrectomy in a Lebanese Bariatric Surgical Practice$$$ Purpose: Long-term studies on the outcomes of bariatric surgery are still limited in the Middle East. The aim of this study is to compare the outcomes of laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (LRYGB) and sleeve gastrectomy (LSG) up to 5 years of follow-up. Materials and Methods: A retrospective analysis of patients who underwent LRYGB and LSG was performed. The primary outcome was weight loss. Postoperative complications, operative time, and hospital length of stay were secondary outcomes. Results: Four hundred patients underwent primary LSG and 175 patients underwent LRYGB between 2008 and 2013. Follow-up rates at 5 years were around 60%. Percent total weight loss was similar after 3, 4, and 5 years in both groups, averaging around 28%. Mean percentage of excess weight loss (%EWL) at 5 years was 72.0 ± 31.0% in the LSG group vs. 63.0 ± 21.0% in the LRYGB group (p = 0.03). Patients undergoing LRYGB had a significantly longer operative time as well as a longer hospital stay. No significant difference was found in the rates of short- and long-term complications between the two groups. However, patients undergoing LRYGB were more likely to develop small intestinal obstruction and iron-deficiency anemia. Conclusions: Both LSG and LRYGB result in satisfactory weight loss within 5 years. Patients’ comorbidities and potential risks must be included in the choice of the appropriate bariatric procedure. LSG appears to give durable weight loss with less risk of major long-term complications. ER  - 
Attention profiles in childhood absence epilepsy compared with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Objective This study aimed to compare the attention profiles of subjects with childhood absence epilepsy (CAE) to those of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and controls. Method We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of 20 children (age 7.2 ± 1.6 years, 5 boys) in whom CAE was diagnosed at the Department of Pediatric Neurology of Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Korea. ADHD and control subjects were selected from children who visited the Department of Pediatric Psychiatry and were confirmed as having or not having ADHD based on Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV) and the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children-Present and Lifetime version (K-SADS-PL). The 20 children with CAE, 20 with ADHD and 20 controls completed the Advanced Test of Attention (ATA), which is a computerized continuous performance task. Results The CAE subjects without ADHD showed increased Omission errors (p =.013) on the visual ATA and Response time (p = 0.044) on the auditory ATA than the controls, although these differences did not remain significant after multiple comparison correction. The CAE subjects without ADHD had significantly decreased Response time variability on the visual ATA than the ADHD group (p < 0.001). The CAE subjects with comorbid ADHD showed increased Commission errors (p = 0.020) and Response time variability (p = 0.016) on the visual ATA and increased Commission errors (p = 0.022) on the auditory ATA than the CAE subjects without ADHD, although statistical significance disappeared after multiple comparison adjustments. Conclusion These findings suggest that selective attention is impaired in children with CAE and comorbid ADHD contributes to further impairment of sustained attention and response inhibition. ER  - 
The effect of comorbid depression on the use of unscheduled hospital care by people with a long term condition: A retrospective observational study$$$ Background The prevalence of long-term conditions (LTCs) and multiple-morbidity is increasing. Depression prevalence increases with the number of LTCs. Self-management of LTCs improves outcomes, but depression impacts on self-management. Unscheduled hospital care may be a proxy for failure of planned care to support successful self-management. Methods Retrospective observational study based on routine NHS datasets covering 19 LTCs. Prevalence of LTCs and depression was identified in all primary care registered adults in one English city (n = 469,368). Chi squared was used for hypothesis testing, and logistic regression to determine the influence of depression and LTC(s) on the use of unscheduled hospital care. Results At least one LTC was identified in 220,010 (46.9%) adults; 75,107 (16.0%) had depression; and 38,232 (8.1%) had LTC plus comorbid depression. A significantly greater proportion of individuals with LTC and comorbid depression had ≥ 1 unscheduled event over 12 months (31.5%) compared to individuals with LTC(s) only (24.0%), X2(1) = 883.860, p <.001. The logistic regression model explained 4.4% of the variation in unscheduled care use. Individuals with depression plus ≥ 1 LTC were 1.59 times more likely to use unscheduled hospital care than individuals with LTC only (p <.001), after controlling for deprivation, age and number of LTCs. Limitations Cross-sectional data precluded identification of the direction of influence between LTCs and depression. Only 19 major LTCs were studied, so overall LTC prevalence will be under-represented, and other significant predictors may be omitted. Conclusion In people with a LTC, comorbidity with depression increases use of unscheduled hospital care. ER  - 
Subcutaneous ketamine for postoperative pain relief in Rwanda: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Purpose: Postoperative pain control is often inadequate in low-income countries such as Rwanda, prompting the search for an inexpensive improvement. A randomized controlled trial was conducted to study the use of subcutaneous ketamine for the management of postoperative pain in patients undergoing major surgery in Kigali, Rwanda. Methods: Fifty-nine patients undergoing major abdominal, head and neck, plastic, or gynecological surgeries were studied. In addition to standard care, patients received five subcutaneous injections of ketamine 1 mg·kg−1 (ketamine group, n = 30) or normal saline (placebo group, n = 29) during the postoperative period. The first injection was administered in the postanesthesia care unit and then every 12 hr thereafter starting at 20:00 on the day of surgery. Pain was assessed three times per day using an 11-point verbal response scale. Patients were also assessed for side effects, including nausea and vomiting, hallucinations, nightmares, sedation, hypertension, and seizures. Results: The mean (SD) overall postoperative pain scale score was higher in the control group than in the ketamine group [4.8 (1.7) vs 3.7 (1.5), respectively; difference of means, 1.1; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.3 to 1.9; P = 0.009]. Brief hallucinations (ketamine group, 11 patients; placebo group, 0 patients; risk difference, 0.37; 95% CI, 0.18 to 0.54; P < 0.001) were associated with ketamine administration. Conclusions: Results of this study in Kigali, Rwanda showed that subcutaneous administration of ketamine 1 mg·kg−1 twice daily, in addition to standard postoperative care, produced a small improvement in postoperative pain but resulted in more minor side effects Trial registration: www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT02514122). Registered 31 July 2015. ER  - 
Clinical Predictors of Stroke Mimics in Patients Treated with Recombinant Tissue Plasminogen Activator according to a Normal Multimodal Computed Tomography Imaging$$$ Background: Multimodal computed tomography imaging (MCTI) is increasingly used for rapid assessment of acute stroke. We investigated characteristics and final diagnoses of patients treated with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (rt-PA) while admission imaging was unremarkable. Methods: From our prospectively collected stroke database (2013-2016), we identified consecutive patients treated with rt-PA on the basis of an unremarkable brain MCTI and assessed with a 24-hour follow-up brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Demographic data, medical history, score on the 15-item National Institute of Health Stroke Scale, and final diagnosis were considered. Absence of MRI infarction and alternate diagnosis defined stroke mimics (SMs). Univariable and multivariable logistic regression analyses identified factors predictive of SMs. Results: Sixty-eight (47.9%) SMs, 63 (44.4%) strokes, and 11 (7.7%) aborted strokes were found. SMs had more often aphasia (P =.003) and hemianopia (P =.0008), whereas upper limb weakness (ULW) (P =.03) and limb ataxia (P =.002) were more prevalent in strokes. Headache (adjusted odds ratio [Adj. OR], 3.89 [95% confidence interval {CI} 1.44-10.47]), relevant history of epilepsy, migraine, dementia or depression (Adj. OR 3.66 [95% CI 1.31-10.18]), unilateral sensory loss (Adj. OR 2.60 [95% CI 1.05-6.45]), and hemianopia (Adj. OR 4.94 [95% CI 1.46-16.77]) were independent predictors of SMs whereas ULW (Adj. OR 3.16 [95% CI 1.28-7.82]) and ataxia (Adj. OR 3.81 [95% CI 1.43-10.13]) predicted stroke. Sensitivity of hemianopia or aphasia for SMs was 52.9%, with specificity of 84.1%, positive predictive value of 78.3%, and negative predictive value of 62.4%. Conclusions: Hemianopia and/or aphasia with normal MCTI suggest SMs. Diffusion-weighted MRI might be discussed before rt-PA administration in patients with such a clinical pattern. ER  - 
Prevalence of anxiety disorders in epilepsy$$$ Objective Anxiety disorders (ADs) are common in patients with epilepsy (PWE). The aim of this study was to estimate the prevalence of specific ADs in outpatients with epilepsy. Methods A group of 118 consecutive outpatients with epilepsy were screened, and 96 patients meeting inclusion criteria were examined by a trained psychiatrist using Structured Clinical Interview (SICD-I) for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-Fourth Edition (Text Revision) (DSM-IV-TR). Results A diagnosis of any current AD was established in 16 (16.7%) out of 96 participants. Furthermore, panic disorder (PD) was the most frequent AD; it was observed in 13.5% of PWE and constituted 81.2% of the identified ADs in the study group. Older age and later age of seizure onset were associated with increased odds of AD diagnosis. Study limitations The cross-sectional study design, a consecutive sample of patients presenting to a tertiary referral center, and small sample size of the population could have affected the results. Conclusions Panic disorder and other forms of AD are common among PWE. Age and age of seizure onset are important factors associated with AD among PWE. ER  - 
Effect of lacosamide on depression and anxiety symptoms in patients with focal refractory epilepsy: A prospective multicenter study$$$ Introduction Depression is the main psychiatric comorbidity in epilepsy with an estimated prevalence between 20% and 55% and one of the main determinants of quality of life. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of lacosamide (LCM) on mood and anxiety symptoms in patients with focal onset seizures (FOS). The secondary objective was to evaluate if the potential modifications in variables were related to seizure control or to the intrinsic effect of LCM. Material and methods We performed a prospective multicenter study in 8 tertiary epilepsy centers in adults with FOS in which LCM was initiated as add-on therapy. Patients' mood and quality of life were evaluated through questionnaires and scales such as the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II), the State–Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI-S/T), the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), and the Quality of Life in Epilepsy-10 (QOLIE-10). Initiation of psychotropic medication was not allowed during the observation period. Patients with diagnosis of major depression or bipolar disorder were excluded. Evaluations were scheduled before LCM treatment, at 3 and 6 months. Results Forty-nine patients were included (51% female) with an average age of 39.5 years (range 18–65). At the start of treatment with LCM, 65.3% of the patients were on treatment with one antiepileptic drug (AED). Based on BDI-II, 38.8% of patients had depressive symptoms and 46.9% according to HADS Depression (HADS-D), 63.3% of patients presented pathological levels of anxiety (STAI-S/T), and 44.9% according to HADS Anxiety (HADS-A). Quality of Life in Epilepsy-10 showed that 57.1% of patients had a relevant reduction in their quality of life. After LCM, the score on the BDI-II depression scale decreased significantly (p < 0.001). Based on the STAI and HADS-anxiety scales, patients who had a pathological anxiety at baseline, significantly improved. The QOLIE-10 improved significantly over the observation period (p < 0.001). At 6 months, 28.3% of patients were seizure-free (67.4% were responders). The improvements on depression and anxiety scores were not statistically related to seizure control. Conclusion Lacosamide seems to have a positive effect on depressive and anxiety symptoms. Although the efficacy of LCM in seizure control was demonstrated, the antidepressant and anxiolytic effect on mood and anxiety seems to be an independent factor. ER  - 
Evaluation of the “non-epileptic” patient in a tertiary center epilepsy clinic$$$ Purpose The epilepsy clinic at the Montreal Neurological Institute receives a high volume of referrals. Despite most patients assessed in the clinic eventually being diagnosed with epilepsy, other disorders causing alteration of consciousness or paroxystic symptoms that could be misdiagnosed as seizures are seen frequently. The incidence and clinical characteristics of such patients have not yet been determined. We aimed to determine the proportion and clinical characteristics of patients referred to our epilepsy clinic who had a final diagnosis other than epilepsy. Methods We performed a retrospective chart analysis of consecutive patient referrals to the epilepsy clinic from January 2013 to January 2015, inclusively. Results Four hundred four patient referrals were evaluated, 106 (or 26%) had a final diagnosis other than epilepsy. Referrals came primarily from general practitioners and nonneurology specialists. Although most patients had a normal routine electroencephalography (EEG) prior to the clinic visit, sleep-deprived EEG and cardiac investigations were rarely performed. Patients received a final diagnosis other than epilepsy after 1 to 2 visits in 92% of cases and with minimal paraclinical investigations. Prolonged video-EEG recording was required in 27% of patients. The most common diagnoses were syncope (33%), psychiatric symptoms (20%), followed by migraine (10%), and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (9%). Conclusions A significant proportion of patients seen in our tertiary care epilepsy clinic is in fact, not patients with epilepsy. Enhanced knowledge of these differential diagnosis and important anamnesis components to rule out seizures will help improve guidelines for referral to Epilepsy clinic and cost-effectively optimize the use of paraclinical investigations. ER  - 
The effectiveness and safety of lacosamide in children with epilepsy in a clinical practice setting$$$ Background Seizures in up to 30% of children with epilepsy become refractory to treatment, decreasing their quality of life. Studies suggest that lacosamide may be effective in pediatric patients with refractory epilepsy. Aims To assess the effectiveness and safety of lacosamide in a population of children with mostly focal refractory epilepsy. Methods Retrospective analysis of children aged < 18 years presenting to a single hospital in Spain. Data from baseline, and 3, 6, and 12 months after lacosamide initiation were collected and analyzed. Response to lacosamide was categorized by seizure frequency (seizure freedom or ≥ 75%, ≥ 50%, and < 50% reduction in seizures). Results One hundred ninety-one pediatric patients (~ 55% male) with focal epilepsy treated with lacosamide were included. The mean age at lacosamide initiation was 9.4 years, and the mean duration of epilepsy was 5.4 years. Seizure-free rates at 3, 6, and 12 months were 9.7%, 11.8%, and 16.0%. At 12 months, 44.4% of the population had a ≥ 50% reduction in seizure frequency. When analyzing response according to the number of previous/concomitant AEDs, those patients who received ≤ 2 previous AEDs/fewer concomitant AEDs had significantly greater response rates than those who received greater numbers of previous/concomitant AEDs; however, no predictive factors for response were identified. The most common adverse events were seizure number increased (14.7%), diplopia (5.2%), dizziness (3.7%), ataxia (2.1%), and drowsiness (2.1%). Conclusions Lacosamide use in children with refractory focal epilepsy can result in a reduction in seizure rate that improves progressively over time with few adverse effects, making lacosamide a promising option in these patients. ER  - 
Surgery for Recurrent High-Grade Glioma After Treatment with Bevacizumab$$$ Background: Bevacizumab (BVZ) is an antiangiogenic agent approved by the Food and Drug Administration that is used for the treatment of recurrent glioblastoma. Complications related to impaired healing may adversely affect patients resected for recurrent high-grade glioma (HGG) after treatment with BVZ. Objective: To examine the complication rate, outcome, and tumor vasculature in patients resected for recurrent HGG after treatment with BVZ. Methods: Data were reviewed retrospectively from patients undergoing surgery for recurrent HGG after treatment with BVZ. Results were compared with a control group of recurrently operated BVZ-naïve HGG. Tumor samples and magnetic resonance imaging scans were analyzed. Results: Fifteen patients underwent HGG resection after progression after BVZ. Forty-four BVZ-naïve patients who underwent surgeries for tumor recurrence were included as controls. Median time from BVZ treatment to surgery was 30 days (2–107). Median overall survival from time of tumor diagnosis was 21.0 months (12–83.0), and median survival from post-BVZ surgery was 5.0 months (2.0–19.0), compared with 8.1 months in BVZ-naïve controls measured from time of their last reoperation. Five of the 15 patients survived 6 or more months after post-BVZ surgery. Nine patients developed postsurgical complications requiring intervention. Complication rates for surgery after BVZ treatment were 66.7% compared with 38.6% in the control group (P = 0.077). We did not see overt changes in histopathology or immunohistochemistry staining; however, tumor vasculature in tumors resected after treatment with BVZ showed a significant decrease in mean vessel density. Conclusions: Surgery for recurrent HGG may be feasible in a select group of patients. Mean tumor vessel density may be decreased after treatment with BVZ. ER  - 
Effect of desipramine on patients with breathing disorders in RETT syndrome$$$ Objective: Rett Syndrome (RTT) is a severe neurodevelopmental condition with breathing disorders, affecting around one in 10,000 female births. Desipramine, a noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor, reduced the number of apneas in Mecp2-deficient mice, a model of RTT. We planned a phase 2 trial to test its efficacy and its safety on breathing patterns in 36 girls with RTT. Methods: The trial was a 6-month, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00990691. Girls diagnosed according to clinical examination and confirmed by genotyping were randomly assigned in a 1:1:1 ratio to receive 2–3 mg/kg Desipramine per day (high Desipramine), 1–2 mg/kg Desipramine per day (low Desipramine), or a placebo. The primary outcome was the change of apnea hypopnea index (AHI), defined by the number of apnea and hypopnea events per hour, assessed at 6 months from baseline. Intention-to-treat analysis was applied. Results: The median change in AHI from baseline to 6 months was −31 (IQR: −37 to −11) for the high Desipramine, −17.5 (IQR: −31 to 13) for the low Desipramine, and −13 (IQR:−31 to 0) for the placebo group. We did not find any significant difference in these changes between the groups (P = 0.781). A significant inverse correlation between Desipramine plasma concentration and AHI (r = −0.44; P = 0.0002) was underlined. Interpretation: This first clinical trial of desipramine did not show clinical efficacy. Although required further studies, the significant correlation between Desipramine concentrations and improvement of AHI provided additional and relevant reasons to test the noradrenergic pathway in RTT. ER  - 
Seizure activity and individual vulnerability on first-episode interictal psychosis in epilepsy$$$ Objective: Despite a theoretical consensus that interictal psychosis (IIP) is related to various epilepsy-related factors, the impact of seizure activity on development of IIP remains inconclusive. This is the first controlled study using quantitative seizure-activity measures at the onset of IIP. Methods: One hundred and eighty-one patients with epilepsy who exhibited first-episode IIP (IIP group) and 427 patients with epilepsy without psychotic episodes (control group) were enrolled. The control group was matched for age, epilepsy type, and duration of epilepsy. The two seizure-activity indices (seizure frequency at the time of onset of first-episode IIP and the number of seizures before the onset of IIP) were evaluated and compared between the IIP and control groups. Logistic regression analysis was used for extracting risk variables to develop first-episode IIP. Results: The sum of previous seizures was greater in the IIP than in control groups. This was particularly the case in the patients with partial epilepsies (PE). Higher seizure frequency in the patients with PE was associated with the development of first-episode IIP while no association was found in the whole cohort or in the patients with generalized epilepsies (GE). Subsequent multivariate analysis revealed the sum of previous seizures and family history of psychosis as risk variables to first-episode IIP. Conclusions: The accumulation of seizure-related damages and family history of psychosis is associated with the onset of IIP episodes, particularly in the patients with PE. Seizure activity and individual vulnerability to psychosis are likely to be interacted for as the development of IIP in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Understanding Frequent Emergency Department Use among Primary Care Patients$$$ Patients with high emergency department (ED) utilization are an important focus in population health management. This retrospective cohort study analyzed patterns of frequent ED use for 4087 patients enrolled at an academically-affiliated primary care clinic. For all ED visits (n = 4776), the chief complaints, admission rates, number of complaints per patient, and median time between return visits were assessed. Chart reviews were conducted for the 10 highest utilizers from each of the 3 leading complaints to help explain repeated ED use for the same complaints. Results showed that chief complaints for high utilizers were statistically similar to other patients. Nearly half (49.8%) of all ED visits among high utilizers were repeat visits for the same complaint. However, most high utilizers (85%) had 4 or more separate complaints. Their visits clustered temporally, with 55% occurring less than 30 days apart. Visits for psychiatric symptoms demonstrated the shortest time to repeat visit (median 17.5 days, interquartile range: 39.5). Abdominal pain, chest pain, and shortness of breath were the leading complaints and the leading sources of hospital admissions and repeat visits. Chart review revealed that these 3 chief complaints often were associated with a wide range of ongoing chronic conditions, confounded by substance abuse, anxiety, and treatment nonadherence. This study demonstrates an integrative method for examining patterns of ED use among high utilizers. It also highlights the complex nature of high utilization and the inherent difficulty in predicting and addressing the needs of high-utilizer patients. ER  - 
Cardiac repolarization evolves differently during the course of benign and disabling multiple sclerosis$$$ Background: Cardiac repolarization is modulated by the autonomic nervous system. Even though multiple sclerosis associates with prolonged cardiac repolarization the physiology responsible for the phenomenon remains unknown. Objective: To study in longitudinal setting whether the patients with confirmed benign and disabling outcome of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) differ in regard to changes of cardiac repolarization. Methods: Total of 43 patients, 26% with benign (EDSS ≤2 at least 10y after onset symptom) and 74% with disabling (EDSS >2 at least 10y after onset symptom) RRMS, having 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) recorded at the time of onset symptom (ECG1) and for follow-up (ECG2), were studied. Heart rate (HR) corrected QT intervals (QTc) reflecting cardiac repolarization were assessed. Results: The time interval between ECG1 and ECG2 showed no statistical difference between benign (7.8 ± 4.8y) and disabling (10.2 ± 5.6y; p =.211) RRMS. Patients with benign and disabling RRMS showed similar values of HR (66±9 bpm vs 73 ± 15 bpm; p=.146) and QTc (403 ± 13 ms vs 408 ± 19 ms; p =.450) at the time of ECG1. However, at the time of ECG2, HR was higher (79 ± 14 bpm vs 65 ± 10 bpm; p =.004) and QTc was longer (420 ± 24 ms vs 400 ± 15 ms; p =.012) in patients with disabling than benign RRMS. Correspondingly, HR increased (p =.063) and QTc prolonged (p =.014) during the disease course only in patients with disabling RRMS. Conclusions: Deterioration of cardiac autonomic regulation during the disease course associates with disabling but not with benign RRMS. Our findings suggest that assessment of cardiac autonomic regulation should be included in the evaluation of RRMS disease course. In addition, patients with disabling RRMS might be prone to unfavorable cardiovascular outcome also due to deterioration of autonomic nervous system. ER  - 
Methylphenidate for apathy in community-dwelling older veterans with mild Alzheimer's disease: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: Apathy is a common behavioral problem in Alzheimer's disease. Apathy has profound consequences, such as functional impairment, higher service utilization, higher caregiver burden, and increased mortality. The authors' objective was to study the effects of methylphenidate on apathy in Alzheimer's disease. Method: A 12-week, prospective, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial (methylphenidate versus placebo) was conducted in community-dwelling veterans (N=60) with mild Alzheimer's disease. The primary outcome for apathy (Apathy Evaluation Scale-Clinician) and secondary outcomes forcognition(Mini-Mental State Examination, Modified Mini-Mental State Examination), functional status (activities of daily living, instrumental activities of daily living), improvement and severity (Clinical Global Impressions Scale [CGI]), caregiver burden (Zarit Burden Scale), and depression (Cornell Scale for Depression in Dementia) were measured at baseline and at 4, 8, and 12 weeks. Results: Participants were all men (77 years old, SD=8). After adjusting for baseline, the methylphenidate group had significantly greater improvement in apathy than the placebo group at 4 weeks, 8 weeks, and 12 weeks. At 12 weeks, there was also greater improvement in cognition, functional status, caregiver burden, CGI scores, and depression in the methylphenidate group compared with the placebo group. Conclusions: Methylphenidate improved apathy in a group of community-dwelling veterans with mild Alzheimer's disease. Methylphenidate also improved cognition, functional status, caregiver burden, CGI scores, and depression. ER  - 
Long-term neurological and radiological results of consecutive 63 unruptured anterior communicating artery aneurysms clipped via lateral supraorbital keyhole minicraniotomy$$$ BACKGROUND: Treatments for unruptured anterior communicating artery (AcomA) aneurysm have relatively high morbidity. OBJECTIVE: To assess the lateral supraorbital keyhole approach for safe and complete clipping of unruptured AcomA aneurysm and evaluate the long-term clinical and radiological outcomes, including cognitive and depressive status. METHODS: A total of 63 patients (aged 41-79 yr, mean 64 yr) with relatively small AcomA aneurysms clipped via the lateral supraorbital approach were retrospectively analyzed among the 105 AcomA aneurysms treated by clipping from 2005 to 2014. Neurological and cognitive functions were examined by several scales, including the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) andMini-Mental Status Examination. The depressive state was assessed using the Beck Depression Inventory and Hamilton Depression Scale. The state of clipping was assessed 1 yr and then every few years after the operation by 3-dimensional computed tomography angiography. RESULTS: Complete neck clipping was confirmed in 62 aneurysms (98.4%). Perioperative complications occurred in 5 patients (5/63; mild frontalis muscle weakness in 3, anosmia in 1, and meningitis in 1). The mean clinical follow-up period was 5.2 ± 2.1 yr. No patient showed an mRS score more than 2 and all were completely independent in daily life. The depression scores were significantly improved after surgery. The overall mortality was 0% and overall morbidity (mRS score > 2 or Mini-Mental Status Examination score < 24) was 1.6%. All completely clipped aneurysms did not show any recurrence during the mean follow-up period of 4.9 ± 2.1 yr. CONCLUSION: Lateral supraorbital keyhole approach to clip relatively small unruptured AcomA aneurysm promises less invasive and durable treatment. ER  - 
Parkinson disease and the risk of epileptic seizures$$$ Objective: To assess the association between incident Parkinson disease (PD) and subsequent incident epileptic seizures. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study with a nested case–control analysis using data from the U.K. Clinical Practice Research Datalink. We identified patients aged ≥40 years with an incident diagnosis of PD between 1995 and 2016 and a matched comparison group of PD-free individuals. We calculated crude incidence rates (IRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of epileptic seizures in PD patients and the PD-free comparison group, and corresponding crude incidence rate ratios (IRRs). In the nested case–control analysis, we calculated adjusted odds ratios (adj. ORs) of incident PD among cases with incident epileptic seizures and seizure-free controls overall and stratified by various seizure-provoking comorbidities. Results: Among 23,086 incident PD patients and 92,343 PD-free individuals, we identified 898 patients with incident epileptic seizures. The crude IR of epileptic seizures in PD patients was 266.7/100,000 person-years (95% CI = 235.6–297.7), and in PD-free individuals it was 112.4/100,000 person-years (95% CI = 103.5–121.3; IRR = 2.37, 95% CI = 2.06–2.73). The adj. OR of epileptic seizures was 1.68 (95% CI = 1.43–1.98) in PD patients compared with PD-free individuals. PD patients with comorbid brain disorders (adj. OR = 12.36, 95% CI = 8.74–17.48) or with > 1 seizure-provoking comorbidity (adj. OR = 13.24, 95% CI = 10.15-17.25) were at the highest risk of epileptic seizures compared with PD-free individuals with no seizure-provoking comorbidities. Interpretation: This study suggests that incident PD is associated with an increased risk of incident epileptic seizures. Ann Neurol 2018;83:363–374. ER  - 
Medical complexity and concurrent disorders in adolescents$$$ Purpose: Medical complexity is most often used to describe paedi-atric and adult patients with complex chronic medical illness and rarely includes mention of mental health concerns. Similarly, there is an extensive literature on youth concurrent disorders, however little to no literature that addresses their medical health issues and needs. The current working definition of medical complexity in the paedi-atric population focuses on an organ system-based approach, and excludes patients with behavioural and mental health disorders. Our study aimed to describe the complex mental health and medical issues in a cohort of adolescents admitted to an inpatient concurrent mental health and substance use disorders program. We propose an expanded conception of what constitutes complex health disorders in adolescents with a view of informing enhanced co-ordination of the systems involved in providing care to this group of patients who are at risk of poor health and psychosocial outcomes. Methods: Data was collected on 372 adolescents admitted from years 2012-2017 using a retrospective chart review approved by the mental health center's research ethics board. Descriptive analysis was conducted and comparisons between subgroups performed using Pearson chi square (χ2) tests. Results: The patients ranged from 13-21 years of age, with an average of 16.8 years (SD ± 1.38). There were 205 males (55.1%) and 164 females (44.1%), and 3 transgender youth (.8%). Number of admissions ranged from 1-7, with a median of 1 (SD ±.8). Average length of stay was 36.5 days (SD ± 31.8). The most prevalent substance use disorders were cannabis, alcohol and tobacco use disorders. The most prevalent mental health diagnostic categories were anxiety disorders, depressive disorders and borderline personality disorder or features. Of the patient charts reviewed, 92.7% had at least one physical health condition identified on admission, and 65.3% had three or more physical health conditions. The most prevalent phys-ical health conditions were neurological disorders such as seizures (36%), history of head injury (34.7%), overweight status or obesity (29.3%), musculoskeletal disorders (28.8%), dermatological conditions (28.2%), gynecological disorders (27.7 %), gastrointestinal disorders (27.7 %) and eating disorders, specifically anorexia nervosa or bulimia nervosa (22%). Conclusions: In summary, the majority of patients admitted to the inpatient concurrent disorders unit had at least three active physical health conditions documented. These coexisting health conditions likely influence overall health outcomes and utilization of health resources. This study illuminates the need for comprehensive collaborative care for adolescents with mental health, substance abuse and physical health concerns. Sources of Support: None. ER  - 
Comparison of an in-person vs. ehealth mind-fulness meditation-based intervention for adolescents with chronic medical conditions: A mixed methods study$$$ Purpose: Mindfulness-based interventions (MBIs) have been shown to have positive impacts on mental health and well-being for adolescents living with chronic health conditions. However, many teens with chronic illnesses experience barriers such as pain, reduced mobility and distance making it difficult to attend mindfulness pro-grams in person and compromising accessibility. The aim of this study was to compare the acceptability and effectiveness of a MBI for adolescents with chronic illnesses delivered in person vs. electronically. Methods: This project was a single-center randomized mixed-methods study for adolescents with a diagnosis of chronic illness. Each participant received an adapted 8-week MBI, Mindfulness Awareness and Resiliency Skills for Adolescents (MARS-A), delivered either in person or via a secure eHealth audio-visual platform allowing group interactions in real time. Groups were facilitated by two experienced mindfulness providers. Data was collected on the first and last day of the MBI and at two months post-intervention through participant log books, semi-structured interviews, saliva analysis and standardized research questionnaires administered via a secure online platform. Quantitative outcomes included acquisition of mind-fulness skills, depression and anxiety symptoms, coping with illness, self-esteem and salivary cortisol levels. Qualitative outcomes included self-reported weekly home practice and acceptability of the intervention. Results: 18 participants were randomized and 14 completed the intervention (7 participants/group). 78% participants were female and the average age was 15.3 years (range = 12-18). Participants presented 11 different primary chronic health conditions including epilepsy (n = 3), chronic pain (n = 2), anorexia nervosa (n = 2), thal-assemia (n = 2), rheumatological conditions (n = 2), respiratory conditions (n = 2) and diabetes (n = 1). Comorbid rates of chronic pain (44%) and mood and anxiety disorders (83%) were high. Data from practice log books revealed similar frequency and duration of home practice in both groups: in-person group: 6.1 times/week (range = 1.4-13.4) and 35.5 minutes/week (range = 4.3-154.7); eHealth group: 6.1 times/week (range = 2.9-9.7) and 33 minutes/week (range = 6.6-107.8). Practice frequency and duration were main-tained at follow-up. Results from paired t-test analysis revealed a statistically significant reduction in depressive symptoms two months post-MBI (p =.034, Cohen's d =.635). No significant differences were found in salivary cortisol levels and measurement scores for any of the other outcomes between the in-person and eHealth groups at each of the three data collection points, although the power of the study was limited by the small number of participants. Thematic qualitative analysis revealed that participants in both the eHealth and the in-person group felt a sense of community among partici-pants and reported that the MBI positively impacted well-being, stress, pain control and sleep. Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first randomized study comparing in-person and eHealth delivery of an 8-week MBI for adolescents with chronic illnesses. Quantitative and qualitative data suggested that eHealth delivery of MBIs is convenient, feasible and acceptable and represents a promising avenue for increasing the availability of MBIs for patients with chronic health conditions. Larger randomized trials are needed to further compare the effectiveness of in-person and eHealth MBIs in this population. Sources of Support: This study was funded by a 1440 Award from the Mind and Life Institute and a post-graduate research award from the University of Toronto. ER  - 
Acute olanzapine poisoning in the intensive care unit: Clinical features and pharmacokinetic data$$$ Introduction: Olanzapine, an atypical 2nd generation antipsychotic drug, is increasingly prescribed due to an improved efficiency to control chronic psychosis with reduced tolerance in comparison to the 1st generation antipsychotic drugs. Whereas side-effects are wellreported, acute poisonings remain less documented. Patients and methods: We conducted a retrospective single-center descriptive study including all patients admitted in the intensive care unit (ICU) of a University Hospital between 01 2000 and 06 2017 in relation to olanzapine overdose, defined by the onset of compatible features and the increase in plasma olanzapine concentrations. The usual demographic, clinical, toxicological and outcome data were collected. When available, non-compartmental pharmacokinetics was modeled and the different parameters determined using WinNonlin v. 5.1 software. Results: Seventy-one patients (38 females (54%) 33 males (46%) + age-36 years [27 + 44] (median [percentiles 25 + 75] + 55% with past suicide attempts + 18% of chronic alcoholics) were included. Multidrug ingestion (3 co-ingestants [2 + 4] with mainly psychotropic drugs including benzodiazepines in 69%) included olanzapine (ingested dose-200 mg [110 + 333] and plasma concentration on admission-0.310 mg L-1 [0.185 + 0.820]. Features consisted in consciousness impairment (Glasgow coma score-4 [3 + 8]), myorelaxation (68%), myosis (39%) or mydriasis (10%), abolished (31%) or increased tendon reflexes (28%), QT widening (23%) and QRS enlargement on the ECG (10%). No seizure was observed. Management included mechanical ventilation (91%), catecholamine infusion (18%), gastrointestinal decontamination (10%) and hemodialysis (4%). Three patients (4%) who presented pre-hospital cardiac arrest died in the ICU. Pharmacokinetic analysis suggested prolonged olanzapine elimination at elevated concentrations, attributed to the reduction in liver metabolism and renal clearance. Conclusion: Olanzapine poisoning may result in ICU admission with life-threatening central nervous depression, cardiac toxicity and fatality risk. Co-ingestions including benzodiazepines may have masked the presence of olanzapine-induced anticholinergic manifestations. Olanzapine elimination in overdose is altered contributing to the clinical severity of poisoned patients. ER  - 
Intensive care unit admission following the use of a new psychoactive substance (NPS): A case series in a Paris University Hospital$$$ Introduction: The new psychoactive substances (NPS) are increasingly used in the recearional scene while severe poisonings may occur requiring admission to the intensive care unit (ICU). The synthetic cathinones are becoming popular amphetamine-like products representing a major health concern. To the best of our knowledge, no ICU series of NPS-poisoned patients have been reported. Our objective was to describe the clinical features, management and outcome of NPS-poisoned patients admitted to the ICU. When available, pharmacokinetic data have been obtained. Patients and methods: Retrospective single center descriptive study including all NPS-poisoned patients admitted in one University Hospital ICU during 2011-2017. NPS use was based on the patient's declaration and confirmed analytically if possible. The usual demographic, clinical, toxicological and outcome data were collected from the medical records. Results: Twenty-four NPS-poisoned patients (23 males 1 female + age-34 years [18] (median [IQR] + chronic ethanol (77%) and drug (59%) consumers + HIV-infected (58%) and depressive (25%) patients) were admitted to the ICU. The main declared compounds were methylenedioxypyrovalerone (MDPV + N = 9), 4-methylethcathinone (4-MEC + N = 6), 3-methyl methcathinone (3-MMC + N = 3) and 4-methyl methcathinone (4-MMC + N = 3), more frequently used in drug mixtures sold as bath salts or in poly-intoxication with conventional illegal drugs (mainly cocaine and gamma-hydroxybutyrate). NPS was used in a recreational (71%), Chemsex (29%) or solitary practice (29%). Binge (63%) and intravenous (50%) self-administration was remarkable. Patients presented acute encephalopathy with psychomotor agitation (46%), confusion (38% + Glasgow coma score-14 [9]), hallucinations (33%), anxiety (17%), seizures (17%), myoclonus (13%) and stereotypes (13%). ECG typically showed sinus tachycardia (70%), QRS QT abnormalities (13%) and atrio-ventricular block (4%). Acute cardiac ischemia (17%) and dysfunction (13%), disseminated intravascular coagulation (8%) and multiorgan failure (17%) developed. Management was supportive including mechanical ventilation (25%, length-24 h [21]). One NBOMe-poisoned patient died in relation to post-anoxic encephalopathy due to hypoxic pre-hospital cardiac arrest resulting from sustained seizures. Conclusion: NPS and mainly synthetic cathinones may be responsible for severe features resulting in ICU admission and organ failure. Management is supportive. Improving our knowledge on the clinical risks of NPS use may be helpful to better inform the users. ER  - 
Effect of low-flow sevoflurane anaesthesia on renal functions in patients undergoing surgery: A retrospective study$$$ Introduction: Sevoflurane is a commonly used inhalational anaesthetic agent in India. However, there is limited information on the effect of low-flow sevoflurane anaesthesia on renal function in Indian patients undergoing major surgeries. Aim: To assess the effect of low-flow sevoflurane anaesthesia on renal parameters in adult patients undergoing elective surgery for more than two hours. Materials and Methods: This was a cross-sectional, single centre, retrospective study. Change in serum creatinine and Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN) values from baseline to postsurgery and number of patients experiencing postoperative glucosuria and proteinuria were recorded. Categorical data are presented using numbers and percentages whereas continuous data are summarized using mean and standard deviation. Statistical difference in the Preoperative values of serum creatinine and BUN was evaluated using paired t-test and p-value less than 0.5 was considered statistically significant. Results: The study included 100 patients (44% males and 56% females) with mean age of 41.3±12.59 years. Mean duration of surgery was 163.3±51.78 minutes. There was no clinically significant difference in the vital parameters after surgery. Serum creatinine (0.77 vs 0.76 mg/dL; p=0.2415) and BUN (11.79 vs 12.26 mg/dL; p=0.2624) did not change significantly after surgery. None of the patients developed proteinuria or glucosuria.There was no report of change in the dose or anaesthetic drug due to intolerance or adverse event caused by sevoflurane. Conclusion: Low-flow sevoflurane can be safely administered as an anaesthetic agent in elective surgeries among Indian adult patients with normal renal functions. ER  - 
Unblinded, randomized multicenter trial comparing lamotrigine and valproate combination with controlled-release carbamazepine monotherapy as initial drug regimen in untreated epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To compare controlled-release carbamazepine monotherapy (CBZ-CR) with lamotrigine and valproate combination therapy (LTG + VPA) in equivalent total drug load, as initial drug regimen in untreated patients with partial and/or generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS). Methods: This unblinded, randomized, 60-week superiority trial recruited patients having two or more unprovoked seizures with at least one seizure during previous three months. After randomization into CBZ-CR or LTG + VPA, patients entered into eight-week titration phase (TP), followed by 52-week maintenance phase (MP). Median doses of CBZ-CR and LTG + VPA were 600 mg/day and 75 mg/day + 500 mg/day, respectively. Primary outcome measure was completion rate (CR), a proportion of patients who have completed the 60-week study as planned. Secondary efficacy measures included seizure-free rate (SFR) for 52-week of MP and time to first seizure (TTFS) during MP. Results: Among 207 randomized patients, 202 underwent outcome analysis (104 in CBZ-CR, 98 in LTG + VPA). CR was 62.5% in CBZ-CR and 65.3% in LTG + VPA (p = 0.678). SFR during MP was higher in LTG + VPA (64.1%) than CBZ-CR (47.8%) (P = 0.034). TTFS was shorter with CBZ-CR (p = 0.041). Incidence of adverse effects (AEs) were 57.7% in CBZ-CR and 60.2% in LTG + VPA and premature drug withdrawal rates due to AEs were 12.5% and 7.1%, respectively, which were not significantly different. Conclusion: CR was comparable between LTG + VPA and CBZ-CR, however, both SFR for 52-week MP and TTFS during MP were in favor of LTG + VPA than CBZ-CR. The study suggested that LTG + VPA can be an option as initial drug regimen for untreated patients with partial seizures and/or GTCS except for women of reproductive age. ER  - 
To study the therapeutic effcacy of adjunctive mirtazepine with ssri in depressive episode$$$ Introduction: Depressive disorder will be the leading cause of disease burden worldwide by 2030 estimated World health organization. An episode of depression leads to increased risk of absenteeism from work, decreased productivity and the treatment related costs. Depression is a common and treatable condition and antidepressants are most common prescribed psychotropic medication. Among various antidepressant SSRI is most commonly used drugs due to safety and effcacy profile of this drug. STAR∗ D study results at level 1 shows about one-third of the participants reached remission and about 10-15 percent more responded, but did not reach remission usually 4-6 week required to get therapeutic effects. To get earlier onset of response, rapid restoration of the biological function in depression e.g. sleep, appetite and higher remission rate various pharmacological strategy was used. Current trends shows Mirtazepine is added with SSRI even in first episode of depression to achieve above mention effects. This study intended to assess the pros and cons of adding the Mirtazepine with SSRI in depressive episode. Aim: To study the therapeutic effcacy and safety of adjunctive Mirtazepine with SSRI in depressive episode. Objective: To study demographic profile of patients. To study clinical profile of patients. To study the onset of antidepressant effect of prescribed medication. To study the response rate of antidepressant effect of prescribed medication. 5. To study the side effect profile of prescribed medication. Methodology: Study design: An observational prospective study Study site: Department of psychiatry out patients (OPD) Study duration: 6weak Study sample Inclusion criteria: Patients had to be 18 years or older Suffer from International classifcation of disease-10 (ICD-10) major depressive episode Patients had to declare that they understood the goal of the study and gave their informed written consent. Exclusion criteria. Nonstabilized somatic disease (seizures, renal, or hepatic insuffciency), History of blood dyscrasias. Known case of diabetes mellitus Known allergic reaction to Mirtazepine, Escitalopram. Current suicidal risk (according to the physician's judgment). Pregnancy, breastfeeding, no contraception in women of reproductive age. Current depressive episode of more than 1 year's duration or nonresponsive to 2 antidepressant treatments, Antidepressant use including monoamine oxidase inhibitor treatment during the previous 2 weeks. Tools: International classifcation of disease-10 (ICD-10) Hamilton depression rating scale for depression (HAM-D 17) MADRS Procedure: After discussion with mentor study was conceptualized and study protocol was made and approved by institutional scientifc committee. Patient who were attending psychiatry OPD and diagnosed major depressive disorder (as per ICD-10) Detailed history regarding socio demography, illness and medication taken. Data was collected in the semi-structured proforma and HAM-D & MADRS scale applies to asses baseline severity of depression. Patient recruited who are receiveing antidepressant SSRI with Mirtazepine and SSRI alone as per advice of consulting psychiatrist. Patient review every week up to 6week and apply HAM-D, MADRS scale for severity of depression and asses for side effects. If patient getting serious side effect or not tolerated medication or clinical condition get worse during follow up, subjected is treated individually by treating psychiatrist and excluded from study. Statistical analysis: Means with standard deviations and frequencies with percentages were used to summarize continuous and categorical variables, respectively. Student's t-test (continuous variables) and Chisquare test (categorical variables) were used for comparative analyses between the genders. Repeated measures used to compare change in variable with time and Multivariate analysis of variance (MANOVA) used to asses difference between group. Statistical signifcance was fxed at p=0.05. Result & Discussion: Appropriate statistical analysis was used for analysis the data using SPSSv16 and results will be discussed at the time of presentation. ER  - 
Stigma among persons with psychotic disorders and its impact on quality of life$$$ Introduction: Stigma acts as a major factor in persons suffering from mental illness and it has wide implications from treatment seeking to long term management. Quality of life of the persons with psychiatric illnesses may be affected due to various reasons. There are very few studies determining the association between the stigma and the quality of life of the patient. Aim: • To fnd the difference in stigma in persons suffering from schizophrenia and Bipolar affective disorders. • To fnd whether quality of life affected due to stigma. Materials and Methods: Sample Size: 60 patients Type of study: Cross-sectional study conducted at Government Hospital for Mental Care, Visakhapatnam Inclusion criteria: Patients diagnosed with Schizophrenia and BPAD as per ICD 10 criteria, who gave informed consent for the study. Exclusion Criteria: Patients who are diagnosed having any other co morbid medical illnesses such as HIV, Epilepsy were excluded from the study. Study tools: DISC-Discrimination and stigma scale and WHO-QOL BREF scale for quality of life were applied. Data is analyzed using relevant Correlation statistical tests. Results: Results will be discussed later at the conference. ER  - 
Effcacy of adjunctive cathodal tdcs in psychogenic non-epileptic seizure in children and adolescents: A randomized double blinded sham controlled study$$$ Introduction: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are a nonspecifc, umbrella category that is used to collect together a range of atypical neurophysiological responses to emotional distress and physiological stressors and are currently classifed as a dissociative [conversion] disorder, according to the Diagnostic Criteria for Research (DCR) of International Classifcation of Diseases-tenth edition (ICD-10) and as a conversion disorder according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, ffth edition (DSM-5). Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a mode of neuromodulation based on the principle of delivering low intensity direct current to cortical areas either facilitating or inhibiting spontaneous neuronal activity. The present study examined response to cathodal tDCS applied at supplementary motor area in children and adolescents with PNES and aimed to establish whether tDCS was viable or not as a treatment option in the aforementioned population. Methods: Ten children and adolescents of either sex between 8 to 17 years of age with diagnosis of dissociative [conversion] disorders as per ICD-10 will be recruited from the child guidance clinic of the institute after obtaining consent from parents and obtaining permission from the ethics Committee. The subjects will be randomly divided into two equal groups to receive active or sham treatment. All patients will be rated for psychopathology by an independent rater blind to the procedure using Psychogenic Non-epileptic Seizure scale (Cianci et al, 2011), Adolescent Dissociative Experiences Scale-II (A-DES) (Bernstein and Putnam, 1986), Children's Depression Inventory 2 (CDI 2) (Kovacs, 1992), Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAM-A) (Hamilton, 1959) and Clinical Global Impression-Severity of illness (CGI-S) (Guy, 1976) at baseline (within 24 hours before the first session of tDCS). Following this the patient would be given cathodal tDCS over the supplementary motor area once a day for 5 days a week for 2 consecutive weeks (a total of 10 sessions over 2 weeks) and scales would be readministered at 1 week (i.e after 5 sessions), at 2 weeks (i.e after 10 sessions), at 3 weeks (i.e 1 week after last session) and at 6 weeks (i.e 4 weeks after last session). Check list for side-effects of tDCS (Eryilmaz et al, 2014) will be applied after every session of tDCS. The results obtained will be analyzed by using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences-version 22.0 (SPSS-22.0) with different parametric and nonparametric measures being used, wherever applicable. Results and Discussion: They would be discussed at the time of presentation. ER  - 
Study of socio-demographic and clinical profile of patients referring to medical board$$$ Background: Certifcation by Medical Board has important legal and professional responsibilities when issuing medical certifcates. Aims: To identify the socio-demographic and clinical profile of patients referring to Medical board. Methodology-We performed a retrospective chart review of patient fles from 1 January 2012 to 31 December 2015, who were referred for the certifcate for various reasons under Department of Psychiatry/Neurology/Neurosurgery, through the institutional medical board, NIMHANS, Bangalore. Socio-demographic and clinical profiles of the patients were analyzed by descriptive statistics. Results: One seventy-seven patient were referred to Medical Board for certifcation in four years period. The mean age of patients was 35. 16 years, 99(86%) were male, 96(83%) were married, 34(29%) were referred from Railways, 11 (9%) transport, 12(10%) Magistrate, 57(49%) others. Work reports show 51(44%) work absenteeism, 23(20%) Epilepsy, and 14(12%) undisciplined behavior at the workplace. In total, 23(20%) of them had Epilepsy and 14 (12%) had schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders. After comprehensive evaluation 23(20%) were given ftness, 76(66%) were given unftness and 16(13%) for other certifcates. Conclusion-This study shows that work-related issues like work absenteeism and epilepsy are the common reasons for the referral for ftness certifcation. Among functional disorders Schizophrenia and among organic disorders Epilepsy is a common diagnosis. Ethical and legal issues should be kept in mind during such assessments as it involves patient and society rights. Regarding ftness certifcation only one third were ft, so there is a need for developing a schedule to do a comprehensive assessment of the patient who referred for Medical board certifcation. ER  - 
Enzalutamide and metformin combination therapy to overcome autophagy resistance in castration resistant prostate cancer (CRPC): Current results from a phase i study$$$ Background: Preclinical models have shown that autophagy is a resistance mechanism of enzalutamide (enza), a small molecule suppressing the androgen pathway approved for treatment of CRPC. Metformin, an autophagy inhibitor, enhances preclinical therapeutic responses when combined with Enza, thus prompting a Phase I clinical trial evaluating the combination. We present results to date. Methods: Eligible patients (PTS) had established CRPC, ECOG 0-2, adequate hematologic and organ function, and < 2 prior treatments for CRPC. Major exclusion criteria included prior enza or metformin treatment, presence of brain metastases, history of DM2 or seizures. An initial cohort of 3 pts were treated with enza 160 mg PO qdaily and metformin 500 mg PO bid (DL1), with metformin dose escalated to 1000 mg PO bid (DL2) in subsequent 3 pts if dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) was observed in <1 pt in DL1. Primary objective was to establish the maximum tolerated dose (MTD), with secondary objectives of evaluating PSA response of > 50%, PSA progression, and safety. Results: A total of 12 pts have been enrolled to date; mean age was 77 (range 60-95). No DLTs were observed at DL1; 1 DLT due to Grade 3 abdominal pain was observed at DL2, with an additional 6 pts subsequently enrolled in expansion. The only adverse effects ≥ Grade 3 were: syncope (1/12), hallucinations (1/12), and abdominal pain (2/12). One pt withdrew consent, 2 required dose reduction of metformin, and 1 died of progressive disease. Of 10 evaluable pts, PSA response was seen in 8 pts. Conclusions: The combination of enza 160 mg qdaily and metformin 1000 mg PO bid is safe and well-tolerated. Efficacy results to date support continued study of the combination in pts with CRPC. ER  - 
The prevention of chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy by concurrent treatment with drugs used for bipolar disease: A retrospective chart analysis in human cancer patients$$$ Peripheral neuropathy is a major adverse effect in the use of chemotherapeutic drugs. In nearly 50% of patients, chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) has been reported as irreversible. With increasing numbers of patients surviving treatment as well as increasing duration of survival after treatment, reducing the side effects of chemotherapy and improving the quality of life has become a major focus of cancer survivorship. Multiple classes of chemotherapeutic drugs including taxanes, platinum agents and vinka alkaloids list peripheral neuropathy as the main dose-limiting side effect of treatment. We previously found that drugs that interfere with the microtubule function, including taxanes and vinca alkaloids, bind to neuronal calcium sensor 1 (NCS1), leading to aberrant calcium signaling. The altered calcium signaling can be mitigated by application of drugs used to treat bipolar disease (e.g., lithium and valproic acid) prior to initiation of chemotherapy. Because pre-treatment with these drugs prevented CIPN in mice treated with taxanes, we sought clinical evidence by performing a retrospective chart review study of the VA electronic health record to see whether or not there would be evidence to support our scientific belief that patients treated with lithium or valproic acid while receiving chemotherapy have a lower risk for development of CIPN than patients who received chemotherapy alone. Our data did provide evidence supporting the belief that treatment with lithium or valproic acid concurrently with chemotherapy was associated with a decreased incidence of developing CIPN. ER  - 
Suicide ideation and attempts among people with epilepsy in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia$$$ Background: Suicidal ideation and attempts are more frequent in people with epilepsy than in general population and suicide attempt increases the chance of later completed suicide. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence and associated factors of suicidal ideation and attempt among people with epilepsy in Amanuel Mental Specialized Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Methods: Institution-based cross-sectional study was conducted from May to June 2014 at Amanuel Mental Specialized Hospital among people with epilepsy. The pre-tested semi-structured questionnaire was used for interviewing the study participants. Logistic regression analysis was used to assess predictors of suicidal ideation and attempt. Results: The study indicated that the prevalence of suicidal ideation and attempt among people with epilepsy were 29.8 and 14.1%, respectively. Poor social support, drug treatment for mental illness, had co-morbid depression, no seizure free within 1 year and family history committed suicide were significantly associated with suicidal ideation and attempt. Conclusion: The prevalence of suicidal ideation and attempt in people with epilepsy found to be higher when compared to general population. Therefore, screening all epilepsy patients should be done for early diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Reduced-Intensity delayed intensification in standard-Risk pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia defined by undetectable minimal residual disease: Results of an international randomized trial (AIEOP-BFM ALL 2000)$$$ Purpose Delayed intensification (DI) is an integral part of treatment of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), but it is associated with relevant toxicity. Therefore, standard-risk patients of trial AIEOP-BFM ALL 2000 (Combination Chemotherapy Based on Risk of Relapse in Treating Young Patients With ALL) were investigated with the specific aim to reduce treatment intensity. Patients and Methods Between July 2000 and July 2006, 1,164 patients (1 to 17 years of age) with standard-risk ALL (defined as the absence of high-risk cytogenetics and undetectable minimal residual disease on days 33 and 78) were randomly assigned to either experimental reduced-intensity DI (protocol III; P-III) or standard DI (protocol II; P-II). Cumulative drug doses of P-III were reduced by 30% for dexamethasone and 50% for vincristine, doxorubicin, and cyclophosphamide, which shortened the treatment duration from 49 to 29 days. The study aimed at noninferiority of reduced-intensity P-III; analyses were performed according to treatment given. Results For P-III and P-II, respectively, the 8-year rate of disease-free survival (6 SE) was 89.2 6 1.3% and 92.3 6 1.2% (P = .04); cumulative incidence of relapse, 8.7 6 1.2% and 6.4 6 1.1% (P = .09); and overall survival, 96.1 6 0.8% and 98.0 6 0.6% (P = .06). Patients with ETV6-RUNX1–positive ALL and patients 1 to 6 years of age performed equally well in both arms. The incidence of death during remission was comparable, which indicates equivalent toxicity. The 8-year cumulative incidence rate of secondary malignancies was 1.3 6 0.5% and 0.6 6 0.4% for P-III and P-II, respectively (P = .37). Conclusion Although the criteria used for the standard-risk definition in this trial identified patients with exceptionally good prognosis, reduction of chemotherapy was not successful mainly because of an increased rate of relapse. The data suggest that treatment reduction is feasible in specific subgroups, which underlines the biologic heterogeneity of this cohort selected according to treatment response. ER  - 
Cognitive Function and Neuropsychological Comorbidities in Children with Newly Diagnosed Idiopathic Epilepsy$$$ BACKGROUND: In this study, we aimed to identify cognitive function and neuropsychological comorbidities in children with newly diagnosed idiopathic epilepsy. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed the records of 97 antiepileptic drug-naïve children (9.7 ± 2.9 years; 54 males and 43 females) with newly diagnosed idiopathic epilepsy, all of whom underwent a neuropsychological battery. The battery consisted of the Korean Wechsler Intelligence Scale, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Rating Scale, ADHD Diagnostic System, Children's Depression Inventory, and State-Trait Anxiety Inventory for Children. We investigated association between scores of the neuropsychological battery and epilepsy classification, lateralization of interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs) on electroencephalography (EEG), and variables related to seizures. RESULTS: Thirteen patients (14.3%) had ADHD symptoms. Three patients (4.1%) had depressive symptoms, and 9 (12.3%) had anxiety symptoms. Patients with idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE) had significantly lower full-scale intelligence and performance intelligence quotient scores than patients with idiopathic localization-related epilepsy (ILRE) (89.0 ± 17.6 vs. 96.3 ± 14.8; P = 0.030 and 88.9 ± 16.3 vs. 97.0 ± 16.4; P = 0.016, respectively). Patients with ILRE having unilateral IEDs had significantly higher full-scale intelligence quotient scores than patients with ILRE having bilateral IEDs and patients with IGE (99.9 ± 12.2 vs. 93.7 ± 16.1 vs. 89.0 ± 17.6; P = 0.039, respectively). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that idiopathic epilepsy may be accompanied by various neuropsychological comorbidities even at initial diagnosis. Patients with IGE and ILRE having bilateral IEDs on EEG appear more likely to be at high risk of decreased cognitive function. ER  - 
Bihemispheric alterations in myelination in children following unilateral perinatal stroke$$$ Background: Stroke is a leading cause of perinatal brain injury with variable outcomes including cerebral palsy and epilepsy. The biological processes that underlie these heterogeneous outcomes are poorly understood. Alterations in developmental myelination are recognized as a major determinant of outcome in preterm brain injury but have not been explored in perinatal stroke. We aimed to characterize myelination in hemiparetic children after arterial perinatal stroke, hypothesizing that ipsilesional myelination would be impaired, the degree of which would correlate with poor outcome. Methods: Retrospective, controlled cohort study. Participants were identified through the Alberta Perinatal Stroke Project (APSP), a population-based research cohort (n > 400). Inclusion criteria were: 1) MRI-confirmed, unilateral arterial perinatal stroke, 2) T1-weighted MRI after 6 months of age, 3) absence of other neurological disorders, 4) neurological outcome that included at least one of the following tests - Pediatric Stroke Outcome Measure (PSOM), Assisting Hand Assessment (AHA), Melbourne Assessment (MA), neuropsychological evaluation (NPE), and robotic sensorimotor measurements. FreeSurfer software measured hemispheric asymmetry in myelination intensity (primary outcome). A second method using ImageJ software validated the detection of myelination asymmetry. A repeated measures ANOVA was used to compare perilesional, ipsilesional remote, and contralesional homologous region myelination between stroke cases and typically developing controls. Myelination metrics were compared to clinical outcome measures (t-test, Pearson's correlation). Results: Twenty youth with arterial stroke (mean age: 13.4 ± 4.2yo) and 27 typically developing controls (mean age: 12.5 ± 3.7yo) were studied in FreeSurfer. Participants with stroke demonstrated lower myelination in the ipsilesional hemisphere (p < 0.0001). Myelination in perilesional regions had lower intensity compared to ipsilesional remote areas (p <.00001) and contralesional homologous areas (p < 0.00001). Ipsilesional remote regions had decreased myelination compared to homologous regions on the contralesional hemisphere (p = 0.016). Contralesional myelination was decreased compared to controls (p < 0.00001). Myelination metrics were not strongly associated with clinical motor, robotic sensorimotor, or neuropsychological outcomes though some complex tests requiring speeded responses had moderate effect sizes. Conclusion: Myelination of apparently uninjured brain in both the ipsilesional and contralesional hemispheres is decreased after perinatal stroke. Differences appear to radiate outward from the lesion. Further study is needed to determine clinical significance. ER  - 
Epilepsy and concomitant obsessive–compulsive disorder$$$ People with epilepsy (PWE) often suffer psychiatric symptoms which can impact them more than seizures. Affective and psychotic disorders are well recognized as occurring more frequently in PWE than the general population. Less is known about obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) in PWE, despite it being as disabling and distressing. We sought to explore the association between epilepsy and OCD with casereports by identifying ten PWE and concomitant OCD. Demographics, seizure classification, neurological, surgical, psychiatric and psychological treatment as well as quality of life were examined. A detailed analysis was performed for three of them, to explore the lived-experience of patients with the two conditions. This is followed by a discussion of how treatment for co-morbid epilepsy and OCD can be appropriately tailored to be patient specific and provide the greatest potential for improvement. ER  - 
Intensive care unit outcomes of the cases with cannabinoid intoxication$$$ Objective: Bonsai from synthetic cannabinoids (SC) is a commonly used addictive drug among young subjects. Life-threatening Bonsai intoxication requires monitoring in ICU. Material and Methods: Eight patients monitored for Bonsai intoxication in the ICU of our hospital between 2014 and 2015 were retrospectively analyzed. These patients were evaluated for age, sex, APACHE II (Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II) score, Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS), baseline clinical status, and systemic signs. Whole blood count, blood glucose level, liver function tests, kidney function tests, serum electrolytes, and coagulation parameter were tested. The time length to regain consciousness, monitoring duration in ICU, length of mechanical ventilation period, hemodynamic parameters, and complications were evaluated. Results: The study group included only male patients. The mean length of ICU admission was 2.0±1.1 days. Mean APACHE and GCS scores were 11.0 ± 3.1 and 8.0 ± 1.2 points, respectively. Baseline examination at admission to ICU indicated restlessness and agitation, hallucination, and amnesia in 3, 1, and 2 patients, respectively. Two patients with respiratory distress were intubated. The evaluation of cardiovascular system demonstrated hypertension, hypotension, and tachycardia in 2, 3, and 2 patients, respectively. Laboratory tests revealed leukocytosis in 3 patients. Epileptic seizure and hypotension were encountered in 2 and 5 patients, respectively, whereas 3 patients experienced hallucination and agitation during monitoring in the ICU. All patients were referred to the psychiatry clinic of the hospital. Conclusion: Bonsai intoxication is a difficult disease to diagnose and is particularly common in the young population with distinct clinical signs. We conclude that bonsai intoxication should be taken into account in emergency cases. ER  - 
Antiretroviral therapy-associated adverse drug reactions and their effects on virologic failure-a retrospective cohort study in Nigeria$$$ Background: Adverse drug reactions (ADRs) associated with antiretroviral therapy (ART) can rapidly reverse the gains of ART resulting in poor health outcomes. We need an improved understanding of specific ART-related ADRs that influence virologic outcomes. Objective: To investigate the frequency of clinical ADRs and assess their effect on virologic failure in patients on ART. Method: We described the prevalence of major clinical ADRs, and the association between specific ADRs and virologic failure in a clinic cohort of HIV-1 infected Nigerians aged ≥18 years, on first-line ART between June 2004 and February 2012. Multivariable logistic regression was run to identify predictors of virologic failure at 24 and 72 weeks of ART. Results: Data of 12,115 patients with a median age of 34 (interquartile range: 29-41) years, and predominantly females (67%) were evaluated. Overall, 957 (7.9%) patients experienced at least one ADR during a median follow-up period of 4 years (interquartile range: 1-7). The three most prevalent ADRs were lipodystrophy (2.6%), anemia (1.9%), and skin rash (0.7%). Virologic failure rate was 36% and 34% at 24 and 72 weeks of ART, respectively. Anemia independently predicted the odds of virologic failure at 72 weeks of ART (adjusted odds ratio, 1.74; 95% CI: 1.2-2.51); adjusted for sex, age, pre-treatment CD4+ cell count, antiretroviral regimen, and medication refill adherence. Conclusion: Antiretroviral therapy-associated anemia increases the likelihood of late virologic failure. We recommend routine monitoring of hemoglobin levels and prompt management of anemia in all patients on ART as a strategy to improve virologic success rates. ER  - 
Survey of anticonvulsant drugs and lithium prescription in women of childbearing age in Japan using a public national insurance claims database$$$ Purpose: Pharmacological treatments with some anticonvulsants, including valproate, and lithium should be avoided where possible in childbearing-aged and pregnant women with epilepsy and bipolar disorder because they increase the risk of major congenital malformations. We surveilled real-world prescriptions of anticonvulsants and lithium in childbearing-aged female and male outpatients in Japan, using the first public National Insurance Claims Database of Japan. Methods: We performed a summary statistical analysis of the numbers of the most prescribed 11 anticonvulsants and lithium tablets in female and male outpatients aged 15-29 (younger childbearing age), 30-49 (older childbearing age), and >50 (non-childbearing age) years from April 2014 to March 2015. We determined the association between anticonvulsant or lithium use and sex at childbearing age, and the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated using logistic regression analysis. Results: Valproate (number of tablets = 273,135,937) was the most prescribed among the 12 investigated drugs, and 125,451,907 tablets were prescribed for women (younger, older, and non-childbearing ages, 19,296,528, 47,826,746, and 58,328,63, respectively), compared to 147,684,031 tablets for men (24,534,648, 57,229,981, and 65,919,402, respectively). Valproate prescription was only slightly lower in childbearing-aged women than in the same-aged men (i.e., 15-29 years of age, OR = 0.889 [95% CI, 0.888-0.890]; 30-49 years of age, OR = 0.944 [95% CI, 0.944-0.945]). Discussion: This study demonstrated valproate was highly prescribed for childbearing-aged women in Japan in 2014-2015. Physicians should prescribe valproate with considerable caution in girls and childbearing-aged women. ER  - 
Cognitive function in children with epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy is a worldwide and common child health problem. One of its complications is cognitive impairment that will impact on children’s cognitive development and quality of life. The objective of this study is to find out whether epilepsy affects cognitive function in children. Material and Methods: This was a cross-sectional descriptive study using secondary data from medical records. We collected data from children with epilepsy from 2004 until 2014 that have been actively managed in the Growth and Development Clinic, Sardjito General Hospital, Yogyakarta, Indonesia. Cognitive function referred to low IQ score that was gained from patients’ data. We analyzed the data using Fischer’s exact and two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test methods. Results: Among 40 data samples, there were 19 patients (42.5%) with cognitive impairment (IQ < 70) and 21 patients (57.5%) without cognitive impairment (IQ ≥ 70). There were twenty-five patients examined by the Stanford-Binet IQ test, which found 15 patients with cognitive impairment. In fifteen patients who were examined with the WISC test, we found more children with epilepsy without cognitive impairment (11 patients). Comorbidity with neuro-developmental disorder significantly affected cognitive impairment in children with epilepsy (p value = 0.034, 95% CI 1.08-21.76). Conclusions: More children with epilepsy without cognitive impairment were found. Further studies are needed with larger number of samples utilizing a prospective study design to better determine the association of epilepsy in children and cognitive impairment. ER  - 
Social cognition and cognitive functions in patients with epilepsy treated with eslicarbazepine acetate$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy is accompanied by cognitive disorders, frequently aggravated by the use of antiepileptic drugs, which can affect social empathy. Aim: To analyse the impact of treatment with eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) on social cognition and prefrontal cognitive functions in adults with focal epilepsy. Patients and methods: We conducted a prospective single-centre study with patients aged between 18 and 65 years with focal seizures treated with ESL. The patients were evaluated in their baseline visit and at six months after starting ESL treatment by means of tasks designed for theory of mind, executive and attentional functions, auditory-verbal memory, quality of life, and anxiety and depression. Results: Forty-one patients were treated with ESL, and 30 completed the follow-up. A significant improvement was observed in the theory of mind tasks. In the analysis stratified by sex, the men showed greater improvement. A cognitive improvement was observed in the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test, Symbol Digit, Backward Digit Span and Stroop tests. No differences were found in the Quality of Life in Epilepsy-31 Inventory or in the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. These results were independent of the reduction in the number of seizures and the ESL dosage. Conclusion: Treatment with ESL could improve some aspects of theory of mind in patients with epilepsy, especially in men and independently of the control of seizures, with no changes in quality of life, anxiety or depression. ER  - 
Clinical and demographic profile of catatonic patients who received electroconvulsive therapy in a South African setting$$$ Background: Catatonia is a psychomotor dysregulation syndrome seen in several illnesses. Uncertainties exist regarding its prevalence and causes. While some research shows a strong association with mood disorders, other data show catatonia to be strongly associated with schizophrenia. Data from low- and middle-income countries are required. Aim: To determine the clinical and demographic profile of patients with catatonia that received electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) between 01 January 2012 and 31 December 2014. Setting: The study was conducted at Elizabeth Donkin Psychiatric Hospital in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape. The hospital has mostly patients admitted under the Mental Health Care Act 17 of 2002 as Involuntary Mental Health Care Users. Method: A retrospective chart review was conducted. Using the hospital ECT database, all files of patients who received ECT for catatonia were identified. Demographics, psychiatric and medical diagnoses, signs of catatonia and other data were abstracted from these files. Results: Forty-two patients received ECT for catatonia, of whom 34 (80.95%) were diagnosed with a psychotic illness. Schizophrenia was the most common diagnosis (n = 19; 45.24%), followed by psychotic disorder owing to a general medical condition (n = 8; 19.05). Human immunodeficiency deficiency virus was the cause in 75.00% of the patients whose medical conditions caused catatonia. Seven (16.67%) patients had mood disorders, with bipolar I disorder accounting for 6 (14.29%) of these. Conclusion: Psychotic disorders were more frequent than mood disorders in the sample. Schizophrenia was the most common diagnosis, followed by psychotic disorder owing to a general medical condition. ER  - 
Hashimoto encephalopathy in pediatric patients: Homogeneity in clinical presentation and heterogeneity in antibody titers$$$ Objective Hashimoto encephalopathy is an autoimmune encephalopathy characterized by elevated antithyroid antibodies and a favorable response to corticosteroid. This study delineated the clinical characteristics of pediatric Hashimoto encephalopathy and the significance of low antithyroid antibody titers in diagnosis and treatment. Subjects and methods Clinical manifestations, antibody titers, and treatment responses were retrospectively reviewed in six consecutive children diagnosed with Hashimoto encephalopathy between August 2008 and July 2016. Results Age at diagnosis was 10–17 years. Presenting symptoms were seizures, altered consciousness, behavioral changes, psychosis, tremor, and dystonia. Thyroid function was normal in five patients, and one had hypothyroidism prior to the encephalopathy. Antithyroid antibody titer was increased at presentation in five patients and one week later in the other. Antibody levels were extremely varied (anti-thyroglobulin, 20.5–2318.0 U/ml; anti-thyroid peroxidase, 12.5–2231.0 U/ml; reference range, <60 U/ml) and <180 U/ml in two patients. Electroencephalogram was abnormal in five patients. Brain magnetic resonance imaging was unremarkable. Four patients responded to high-dose corticosteroid and one improved with additional intravenous immunoglobulin. The remaining patient did not respond to both treatments and normalized after plasmapheresis. Autoantibody titers decreased with treatment response in the acute stage. Two patients with low antibody titers showed similar clinical presentations and responses. Conclusions The clinical presentations and treatment responses in Hashimoto encephalopathy were similar, irrespective of antithyroid antibody titer. Because the initial antithyroid antibody titers can be normal or mildly-elevated, follow-up testing of antithyroid antibodies is required in patients who are clinically suspect for Hashimoto encephalopathy. ER  - 
Clinical predictors of response and discontinuation of belimumab in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus in real life setting. Results of a large, multicentric, nationwide study$$$ Objective To investigate efficacy, safety and survival of belimumab and to identify predictors of drug response and drug discontinuation in patients with active SLE in clinical practice. Patients and methods Data of SLE patients, treated with belimumab, from 11 Italian prospective cohorts were analyzed. SLEDAI-2K, anti-dsDNA, C3, C4, prednisone daily dose, DAS-28, 24-h proteinuria, CLASIa (Cutaneous LE Disease Area and Severity Index Activity) were recorded at baseline and every 6 months. SLE Responder Index-4 (SRI-4) was calculated at 12 and 24 months. Demographic and clinical features and comorbidities were included in the univariate and multivariate analysis. Adverse events were recorded at each visit. Statistics was performed using the SPSS software. Results We studied 188 SLE patients, mean follow-up 17.5 ± 10.6 months. The most frequent manifestations, which required the use of belimumab, were polyarthritis (45.2%) and skin rashes (25.5%). SRI-4 was achieved by 77.0% and 68.7% of patients at 12 and 24-months. Independent predictors of 12-month response were SLEDAI-2K ≥ 10 (OR 40.46, p = 0.001) and polyarthritis (OR 12.64, p = 0.001) and of 24-month response were SLEDAI-2K ≥ 10 (OR 15.97, p = 0.008), polyarthritis (OR 32.36, p = 0.006), and prednisone ≥7.5 mg/day (OR 9.94, p = 0.026). We observed a low rate of severe adverse events. Fifty-eight patients (30.8%) discontinued belimumab after a mean follow-up of 10.4 ± 7.5 months. The drug survival was 86.9%, 76.9%, 69.4%, 67.1%, and 61.9% at 6, 12, 18, 24, and 30 months, respectively. No factors associated with drug discontinuation were found. Conclusion Belimumab is effective and safe when used in clinical practice setting. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes of adult medulloblastoma patients treated with radiotherapy$$$ Medulloblastoma (MB) is rare in adults and treatment guidelines are consequently not well-established. Few modern series have reported long-term follow-up and treatment sequelae. We examined long-term outcomes of adult MB patients at one institution. Records of 29 consecutive patients (18 male, 11 female) aged ≥ 18 years who received radiotherapy (RT) for primary MB from 1990 to 2016 were reviewed. Median age at diagnosis was 28 years (range 18–72 years). Seventeen patients were standard risk and 12 were high risk. Nineteen patients had gross total resection, seven had subtotal resection, and three had biopsy only. Median craniospinal irradiation and boost doses were 36 Gy (range 23.4–39.6 Gy) and 55.8 Gy (range 54–59.4 Gy), respectively. Of 24 patients receiving chemotherapy, 20 received concurrent + adjuvant and 4 received adjuvant only. At median follow-up of 9.0 years (range 1.1–20.5 years), five patients recurred: four in the posterior fossa and one in both the posterior fossa and above the tentorium. Five patients died: two of disease progression and three after possible treatment complications (seizure, lobar pneumonia, and multifactorial sepsis). At last follow-up, 23 patients were alive with no evidence of disease. Long-term effects include executive dysfunction (n = 17), weakness/ataxia (n = 16), and depression/anxiety (n = 13). Kaplan–Meier estimates of 10-year overall survival and failure-free survival are 83% (95% confidence interval [CI] 59–93%) and 79% (CI 55–91%), respectively. Despite encouraging disease control in this cohort, long-term sequelae may limit quality of life. Multimodality pediatric regimens using lower RT doses may be considered to reduce treatment-related morbidity. ER  - 
A case-control study of skin conductance biofeedback on seizure frequency and emotion regulation in drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ This study investigates the physiological basis of effects of skin conductance biofeedback on anxiety disorders, depressive disorders and stress in drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). This method presents an interest in seizure reduction and improvement in psychiatric comorbidities frequently associated with TLE. Our goal was to better understand the impact of biofeedback on seizure control and on emotional regulation. Fifteen patients with TLE were treated with 12 skin conductance biofeedback sessions and compared with 15 control TLE patients on a waiting list. They were evaluated in terms of seizure frequency, clinical evaluations of anxiety and depression and skin conductance responses (SCR) to five emotions: fear, disgust, sadness, happiness and peacefulness induced by short films. Biofeedback training significantly reduced seizure frequency with a mean reduction of − 47.42% in the biofeedback group, while the control group did not differ at the two time measures. A significant improvement was found for depression and trait-anxiety in the biofeedback group but not in the control group. There were no differences on SCR on any emotion after biofeedback treatment. A correlation was found between mean change in SCR over the biofeedback treatment and the reduction of seizure frequency, but not between SCR changes and scores on psychiatric comorbidities. These results show independent effect of biofeedback on mood and seizure control. Improvements in anxiety and depressive symptoms were not related to SCR, whereas improved seizure control was, suggesting differential mechanisms underlying these two phenomena. ER  - 
Moderate intravenous sedation for first trimester surgical abortion: a comparison of adverse outcomes between obese and normal-weight women$$$ Objective To determine if obese women experience increased rates of adverse outcomes with moderate intravenous sedation during first trimester surgical abortion compared to normal weight women. Study design We performed a retrospective cohort study of all first trimester surgical abortions with moderate intravenous sedation at an outpatient facility between September 2010 and June 2015. The primary outcome was supplemental oxygen administration. Secondary outcomes included reversal agent administration, anesthesia-related adverse events, and intraoperative lowest level of consciousness (LLOC). We compared three obesity groups [I (Body Mass Index, BMI=30–34.9), II (BMI=35–39.9), and III (BMI ≥40)] to normal weight women (BMI <25). We exported data from electronic medical records and reviewed adverse outcomes individually. Results Of 20,381 first trimester surgical abortion procedures, 31 (0.15%) utilized supplemental oxygen, 24 (0.12%) utilized a reversal agent, 40 (0.20%) had a presumed anesthesia-related adverse event and 184 of 19,725 (0.93%) had a documented low intraoperative LLOC. One patient (0.005%) required hospital transfer or hospitalization. Supplemental oxygen administration (obesity versus normal weight: obese I, aOR 0.52, 95% CI 0.12–2.27; II/III, aOR 1.51, 95% CI 0.50–4.54), low intraoperative LLOC, and anesthesia-related adverse events were not associated with obesity. The rate of reversal agent administration was lower among obese I, II and III women combined compared to normal weight women (aOR 0.13, 95% CI 0.02–0.96). Conclusions Adverse outcomes were rare across all BMI categories with no detectable increased risk among obese women compared to normal weight women. Implications With appropriate clinical screening, obese women can safely receive moderate intravenous sedation for first trimester surgical abortion in an outpatient clinical setting. Restrictions on moderate intravenous sedation based on BMI alone may be unnecessary. ER  - 
Vaccinia Related Kinase 2 (VRK2) expression in neurological disorders: schizophrenia, epilepsy and multiple sclerosis$$$ Background Schizophrenia (SCZ), epilepsy and Multiple Sclerosis (MS) are neurological disorders with increasing prevalence disturb the patients’ lives and are regarded as burdens to the society. As multifactorial disorders, genetic susceptibility factors are involved in their pathogenesis. The Vaccinia-Related Kinase 2 (VRK2) gene codes for a serine threonine kinase recently reported to be contributed in the pathogenesis of some neurological disorders. In the present case-control study we compared the VRK2 gene expression in peripheral blood samples from SCZ, epilepsy and MS patients with normal subjects. Method A total of 300 subjects comprising 50 patients in each disease category (SCZ, epilepsy and MS) as well as 150 healthy individuals (50 matched controls for each disorder) participated in the current study. Result The VRK2 blood mRNA expression level was measured using the TaqMan real time PCR. The results demonstrated significant down-regulation of VRK2 gene in SCZ (P<0.0001), epilepsy (P=0.008) and MS (P=0.029) compared with the healthy subjects. Conclusion Consequently, VRK2 is suggested as a candidate gene for neurological disorders through its role in signaling pathway, the neuronal loss and stress response. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy for depression with comorbid borderline personality disorder or post-traumatic stress disorder: A matched retrospective cohort study$$$ Background The impact of comorbid borderline personality disorder (BPD) or post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) on clinical and cognitive outcomes of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with major depressive episodes (MDE) is unknown. Objective Compare clinical response and adverse cognitive effects for MDE patients with comorbid BPD or PTSD to MDE only. Methods In a matched retrospective cohort study of 75 patients treated with ECT at an academic psychiatric hospital with DSM-IV MDE and either comorbid BPD, PTSD or both (MDE + BPD/PTSD), 75 MDE patients without BPD or PTSD (MDE-only) were matched. We reviewed clinical records to determine treatment response by estimating clinical global impression of improvement (c-CGI) and presence of adverse cognitive effects based on subjective distress or objective impairment. We explored factors associated with response and cognitive effects in the MDE + BPD/PTSD group. Results There was no difference in c-CGI response rates between groups (p > 0.017). Secondary analysis of inpatients found lower response rates for MDE + BPD (55.4%) and MDE + BPD + PTSD (55.8%) than MDE-only (82.5%), but not MDE + PTSD (65.0%). There was no difference in adverse cognitive effects in the MDE + BPD/PTSD (23.3%–26.8%) group compared to MDE-only (25.0%). In the MDE + BPD/PTSD group, factors associated with higher response rate were: referral indications other than failed pharmacotherapy, greater number of ECT treatments, presence of adverse cognitive effects, and seizure duration >30 s. Conclusions Despite a lower c-CGI response for inpatients with MDE + BPD, ECT is a viable treatment option for patients in the MDE + BPD/PTSD group with similar adverse cognitive effect profiles to MDE-only. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drug behavioral side effects and baseline hyperactivity in children and adolescents with new onset epilepsy$$$ Objective: To examine baseline psychological functioning and antiepileptic drug (AED) behavioral side effects in new onset epilepsy and determine, by age, whether baseline psychological functioning predicts AED behavioral side effects 1 month following AED initiation. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted between July 2011 and December 2014 that included youths with new onset epilepsy. As part of routine interdisciplinary care, caregivers completed the Behavior Assessment System for Children, 2nd Edition: Parent Rating Scale to report on baseline psychological functioning at the diagnostic visit and the Pediatric Epilepsy Side Effects Questionnaire to identify AED behavioral side effects at the 1-month follow-up clinic visit following AED initiation. Children (age = 2-11 years) and adolescents (age = 12-18 years) were examined separately. Results: A total of 380 youths with new onset epilepsy (Mage = 8.9 ± 4.3 years; 83.4% Caucasian; 34.8% focal epilepsy, 41.1% generalized epilepsy, 23.7% unclassified epilepsy) were included. Seventy percent of youths had at-risk or clinically elevated baseline psychological symptoms. Children had significantly greater AED behavioral side effects (M = 25.08 ± 26.36) compared to adolescents (M = 12.36 ± 17.73), regardless of AED. Valproic acid demonstrated significantly greater behavioral side effects compared to all other AEDs, with the exception of levetiracetam. Higher hyperactivity/impulsivity at baseline significantly predicted higher AED behavioral side effects 1 month after AED initiation in both age groups. Significance: Younger children seem to be more prone to experience behavioral side effects, and these are likely to be higher if youths with epilepsy have baseline hyperactivity/impulsivity. Baseline psychological screening, specifically hyperactivity, can be used as a precision medicine tool for AED selection. ER  - 
Shared Decision Making among Children with Medical Complexity: Results from a Population-Based Survey$$$ Objective To compare the rates of shared decision making (SDM) reported by parents of children with medical complexity (CMC) with the rates of SDM reported by parents of noncomplex children with special health care needs (CSHCN). Study design We examined the 2009-2010 National Survey of Children with Special Health Care Needs, a representative survey of 40 242 parents of CSHCN. CMC was defined as needing or using more medical care than usual, seeing 2 or more subspecialists, and positive response on at least 3 other items on the CSHCN screener. We identified 3 subgroups each of CMC and noncomplex CSHCN by sentinel diagnoses: asthma, seizures, and other diagnoses. SDM was defined as a binary composite variable, derived from 4 discrete items. We constructed 4 stepwise multivariable models to assess the relative odds of SDM, adjusted for sociodemographic characteristics (age, income, language, race, ethnicity, and marital status), behavioral comorbidity, family-centered care, and patient-centered medical home. Results The study population included 39 876 respondents. Compared with noncomplex CSHCN, CMC had a lower likelihood of SDM (aOR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.64-0.91), which persisted in diagnostic subgroups: CMC with asthma (aOR, 0.67; 95% CI, 0.49-0.92) and CMC with other diagnoses (aOR, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.58-0.94), but not CMC with seizures (aOR, 0.95; 95% CI, 0.59-1.51). Conclusions SDM is less common for CSHCN with complex needs than those without complex needs. Health system interventions targeting future-oriented care planning may improve SDM for CMC. ER  - 
Prevalence of Headache in Patients With Mitochondrial Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Background: Mitochondrial diseases are a heterogeneous group of diseases with different phenotypes and genotypes. Headache and, particularly migraine, seems to occur often in patients with MELAS and in patients with CPEO phenotypes. The International Classification of Headache Disorders (ICHD-3 beta) has classified headache as a secondary entity only in MELAS patients. Other headache phenotypes in mitochondrial diseases are not considered in ICHD-3beta. In this study, we analyzed headache phenomenology in a large group of patients with mitochondrial disorders. Methods: A cross-sectional questionnaire-based study on 85 patients with mitochondrial disease with different genotypes and phenotypes was conducted between 2010 and 2011. A structured headache questionnaire according to ICHD-2 was used followed by a telephone interview by a headache expert. Prevalence and characteristics of headache could be analyzed in 42 patients. Headache diagnosis was correlated with genotypes and phenotypes. In addition, the mtDNA haplotype H was analyzed. Results: Headache was reported in 29/42 (70%; 95% CI, from 55.1 to 83.0%) of the patients. Tension-type headache (TTH) showed the highest prevalence in 16/42 (38%; 95% CI, from 23.4 to 52.8%) patients, followed by migraine and probable migraine in 12/42 (29%; 95% CI, from 14.9 to 42.2%) patients. Nine of the 42 (21%; 95% CI, from 9 to 33.8%) patients reported two different headache types. Patients with the mtDNA mutation m.3243A > G (n = 8) and MELAS (n = 7) showed the highest prevalence of headaches (88% and 85%, respectively). In patients with the CPEO phenotype (n = 32), headache occurred in 14/18 (78%; 95% CI, from 58.6 to 97%) of patients with single deletions, and in 7/13 (54%; 95% CI, from 26.7 to 80.9%) patients with multiple mtDNA deletions. There were no association between the mtDNA haplotype Hand the headache-diagnosis. Conclusions: The prevalence of headache was higher in patients with mitochondrial diseases than reported in the general population. In all phenotype and genotype groups, TTH was more frequent than migraine. The data also show that the current ICHD-3 beta exclusively focused on MELAS syndrome as vasculopathy does not consider the broader spectrum of headache phenotypes in mitochondrial disorders. ER  - 
Brain tumors associated with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: Case series$$$ Objective The association of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) with primary or secondary brain tumors has not been well described in the literature. We aim to discuss their association, and their impact in brain tumor treatment. Patients and methods We identified four patients retrospectively from our practice. The diagnosis of PNES was based on clinical suspicion and standard EEG, supplemented with video-EEG recording in 2 patients. Results The initial diagnosis of brain tumor was associated with a new onset seizure prior to diagnosis. The majority of the patients presented with ES followed by recurrent PNES during the course of their disease. Patients were treated with multiple anti-epileptic drugs, requiring frequent schedule adjustments. The preferred tumor treatment modality was chemotherapy, followed by surgical resection. The patients were offered psychological consultation achieving partial control of their events. These patients manifested recurrent disabling clinical events that required multiple medical consultations. None of these patients presented clinical evidence of tumor progression at the time of PNES presentation. Conclusion A high index of suspicion and early psychological consultation referral will likely mitigate the quality of life impact of PNES in these patients. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of vigabatrin in Japanese patients with infantile spasms: Primary short-term study and extension study$$$ Vigabatrin was approved for the treatment of infantile spasms by the US Food and Drug Administration, but not in Japan at the time of initiating this clinical study because of concerns about irreversible peripheral visual field defects (VFDs). This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of vigabatrin for Japanese patients with infantile spasms. Of 15 patients (aged ≥ 4 weeks and < 2 years) enrolled, with the exception of two patients who did not receive vigabatrin, 13 were treated with a titrated dosage of vigabatrin (50–150 mg/kg/day; limited to 3000 mg/day). Twelve out of 13 patients receiving vigabatrin had spasms that were treatment refractory; these patients were concurrently treated with at least one other antiepileptic drug. One patient received vigabatrin monotherapy. Eight of the 13 patients (61.5% [95% CI: 31.6–86.1%]) had a ≥ 50% reduction during the dose-adjustment phase compared with baseline in the frequency of spasms, with efficacy maintained through a 2-week maintenance phase. Spasms disappeared in six out of nine patients (66.7% [95% CI: 29.9–92.5%]) who transitioned to the maintenance phase and hypsarrhythmia on electroencephalography also resolved in four patients. Hypsarrhythmia was improved in another two patients. Six out of seven patients who continued treatment through Week 32 of an extension study reported ongoing efficacy for vigabatrin. The most common adverse events (AEs) were psychiatric disorders and nervous system disorders (n = 8; 61.5%) that were generally mild in severity. No treatment-related peripheral VFDs were observed. No severe AEs or AEs resulting in discontinuation of vigabatrin therapy were reported. An abnormality in magnetic resonance images was observed in one patient during the extension period. Vigabatrin was deemed to be clinically effective and well tolerated in Japanese patients with infantile spasms. ER  - 
Are there gender differences in those diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures?$$$ Objective The objective of the study was to determine whether male and female populations of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) differ, in terms of demographic, social/clinical, and etiological factors as well as psychological measures. Background Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures are overrepresented by females; therefore, information about PNES in males is limited. Only a handful of studies have examined PNES and gender, and of those, one was a literature review and with the exception of two, most have had small sample sizes. Of the existing literature, differences in abuse type, psychiatric diagnoses, and psychometric results have been observed in the two genders. Methods This is a retrospective study of 51 consecutive males and 97 consecutive females with video-electroencephalogram (video-EEG) confirmed diagnosis of PNES. Patients were examined on demographics (age, education, working status), clinical (seizure frequency, trauma type: sexual, nonsexual, age of first trauma), and psychometric measures. The latter included the State Trait Anger Expression Inventory-2 (STAXI-2), Trauma Symptom Inventory-2 (TSI-2), the Coping Inventory for Stressful Situations (CISS), and the Quality of Life Inventory in Epilepsy-31 (QOLIE-31). Results Women reported experiencing significantly more sexual traumas (p = 0.007) than men. Women also endorsed significantly higher levels of dissociation (p = 0.012) and sexual disturbances (p = 0.46). In contrast, men reported significantly greater use of avoidance (p = 0.001) as a stress coping strategy and higher levels of depression (p = 0.006). Conclusions Gender differences were identified with males reporting a significantly higher use of avoidance (cognitive and behavioral avoidance of stress) and depressive symptoms. Women exhibited significantly higher rates of sexual trauma compared with male counterparts. Consequently, women also had significantly higher rates of trauma symptomatology (dissociation and sexual disturbances) which are often observed in those who have been traumatized sexually. These gender distinctions may support different first-line treatment approaches (e.g., trauma-focused; more traditional cognitive behavioral therapy) depending on the most prominent symptomatology. ER  - 
Utilizing the carbapenem-valproic acid drug interaction in the management of valproic acid overdose$$$ Learning Objectives: The carbapenem-valproic acid (VPA) drug-drug interaction (DDI) is well-described in the literature; however, few reports exist regarding the therapeutic use of a carbapenem in the management of VPA toxicity. Here we describe the administration of ertapenem in addition to standard therapies resulting in a rapid decline in VPA concentrations. Methods: A 29-year-old male presented to the emergency department with altered mental status and was subsequently intubated for airway protection and sedated. Further workup revealed a history of suicidal ideation and attempts, with a recent discharge on VPA one month prior for mood disorder. Urine and serum toxicology resulted only in a positive cannabinoid screen. Laboratory results revealed data consistent with VPA toxicity: elevated VPA level (> 450 mcg/mL); hyperammonemia (106 umol/L); hypernatremia (149 mmol/L); hyperkalemia (5.0 mmol/L); hypocalcemia (nadir: 7.1 mg/dL); elevated anion gap (23); and lactic acidosis (4.7 mmol/L). Initial liver function tests were normal. Continuous EEG monitoring was also performed, which was negative for seizure activity. Given its long half-life compared to other carbapenems, one dose of ertapenem 1 gram IV was administered. A repeat VPA concentration, collected one hour later, decreased to 366.9. A dose of levocarnitine 100 mg/kg IV and activated charcoal 100 g were also administered and 6.7 hours later the VPA level further decreased to 182 (T1/2: 5.7h). On ICU day 2, the patient continued to receive levocarnitine IV and was administered one dose of lactulose due to elevated ammonia levels (range: 88 to 115). The VPA level then decreased to 15.4 (T1/2: 7.6h) after these interventions, 35 hours after admission. The patient's mental status improved; he did not require dialysis; was extubated on day 2; and transferred out of the ICU on day 3. A final VPA level, collected 76 hours after his initial level, was 5 mcg/mL. Results: This case highlights the novel use of a known DDI to manage a drug toxicity and warrants consideration of carbapenems in the VPA toxicity management armamentarium. ER  - 
Mental disorder in children with physical conditions: A pilot study$$$ Objectives Methodologically, to assess the feasibility of participant recruitment and retention, as well as missing data in studying mental disorder among children newly diagnosed with chronic physical conditions (ie, multimorbidity). Substantively, to examine the prevalence of multimorbidity, identify sociodemographic correlates and model the influence of multimorbidity on changes in child quality of life and parental psychosocial outcomes over a 6-month follow-up. Design Prospective pilot study. Setting Two children's tertiary-care hospitals. Participants Children aged 6-16 years diagnosed in the past 6 months with one of the following: asthma, diabetes, epilepsy, food allergy or juvenile arthritis, and their parents. Outcome measures Response, participation and retention rates. Child mental disorder using the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview at baseline and 6 months. Child quality of life, parental symptoms of stress, anxiety and depression, and family functioning. All outcomes were parent reported. Results Response, participation and retention rates were 90%, 83% and 88%, respectively. Of the 50 children enrolled in the study, the prevalence of multimorbidity was 58% at baseline and 42% at 6 months. No sociodemographic characteristics were associated with multimorbidity. Multimorbidity at baseline was associated with declines over 6 months in the following quality of life domains: physical well-being, β='4.82 (-8.47, -1.17); psychological well-being, β='4.10 (-7.62, -0.58) and school environment, β='4.17 (-8.18, -0.16). There was no association with parental psychosocial outcomes over time. Conclusions Preliminary evidence suggests that mental disorder in children with a physical condition is very common and has a negative impact on quality of life over time. Based on the strong response rate and minimal attrition, our approach to study child multimorbidity appears feasible and suggests that multimorbidity is an important concern for families. Methodological and substantive findings from this pilot study have been used to implement a larger, more definitive study of child multimorbidity, which should lead to important clinical implications. ER  - 
Symptom-triggered detoxification using the alcohol-withdrawal-scale reduces risks and healthcare costs$$$ Aims: As there are only a few existing experimental studies on symptom-triggered therapy for patients with alcohol withdrawal, we investigated the effectiveness of symptom-triggered detoxification regarding the use and dosage of benzodiazepine and withdrawal complications in a naturalistic clinical setting of a specialized treatment center for alcohol use disorder.Methods: In total, 301 charts of patients who entered residential treatment for alcohol withdrawal were included in the retrospective analysis. Charts of 176 patients treated with the Alcohol Withdrawal-Scale (AWS) were compared to the charts of 125 patients treated with treatment as usual (TAU) before the implementation of AWS. Sociodemographical and clinical variables, previous detoxifications and complications, duration of treatment, use and dose of benzodiazepine and other withdrawal medication, complications and premature discontinuation of treatment were abstracted from the patients' medical records.Results: The two groups did not differ in any demographical or clinical variables measured upon treatment admission. The total percentage of patients being treated with benzodiazepines during detoxification decreased from 78.4 to 38.6% after the implementation of the AWS. The implementation of the AWS significantly reduced the duration of the acute detoxification from 136 to 66 h, and the use, duration and dose of benzodiazepine by nearly two-thirds while complications and treatment discontinuation remained unvaryingly. Healthcare costs for detoxification were reduced by half per patient.Conclusions: The findings indicate that symptom-triggered treatment for alcohol withdrawal is safe and effective in a naturalistic clinical setting and significantly reduces healthcare costs and the risk for overmedicating patients. ER  - 
Opioid dependence in pregnancy: Differences in maternal and neonatal outcomes$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare differences in pregnancy outcomes of women diagnosed with opioid dependence to those without the diagnosis. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of 1,853,219 women with singleton gestations in California diagnosed with opioid dependence were compared to those without the diagnosis. Maternal outcomes included placental abruption, postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), preeclampsia/eclampsia (PET), intra-amniotic infection (IAI), maternal sepsis, gestational diabetes (GDM), cesarean delivery, and endometritis. Neonatal outcomes included preterm delivery (PTD <37, <34, <32 weeks), neonatal jaundice, intrauterine fetal demise (IUFD), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), asphyxia, neonatal seizures, neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS), and neonatal hypoglycemia. Hospital outcomes included length of stay and costs for both mom and baby. Comparisons were performed using multivariate regression analyses and Chi-square tests. A p-value <0.05 and a confidence interval that did not cross one was used to indicate statistical significance. RESULTS: Opioid dependence was associated with a statistically significant increase across all outcomes analyzed except for intraamniotic infection and neonatal asphyxia (Table 1). Among women with opioid dependence, there was a significantly greater likelihood of maternal sepsis (OR 6.24, 95% CI 1.54-25.26), placental abruption (OR 3.34, 95% CI 2.48-4.50), and neonatal seizures (OR 7.19, 95% CI 3.39-15.24). Mean hospital costs ($26,598.78 compared to $3,331.29, p<0.001) and length of stay (9.6 compared to 2.5 days, p<0.001) for babies born to women with opioid dependence were dramatically increased above those without the diagnosis. CONCLUSION: The opioid epidemic is a public health concern nationwide. This study supports its association with poor pregnancy outcomes and identifies specific perinatal risks as target goals to reduce going forward. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Pregnancy in patients with bipolar disorder: Maternal and neonatal outcomes$$$ OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine the differences in pregnancy outcomes observed in women diagnosed with bipolar disorder in comparison to unaffected women. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of 1,853,219 women in California with with singleton, vertex, non-anomalous gestations was performed in order to assess prevalence of maternal and neonatal outcomes in women with bipolar disorder as compared to unaffected women. Maternal outcomes included preeclampsia, gestational diabetes (GDM), chorioamnionitis, placental abruption, cesarean delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, endometritis, maternal blood transfusion. Neonatal outcomes examined included preterm delivery (divided into <37, <34, <32 weeks gestational age), intrauterine fetal demise (IUFD), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), neonatal jaundice, neonatal hypoglycemia, neonatal seizures, neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) and neonatal death (NND). Multivariate regression analyses and chi-square tests were employed for statistical comparisons and a p-value of less than 0.05 was used to indicate statistical significance. RESULTS: Overall, women with bipolar disorder had an increased risk of a range of complications in pregnancy. Bipolar disorder was associated with a statistically significant increase in rate of preeclampsia (odds ration [OR] 1.43), GDM (OR 1.85), placental abruption (OR 1.50), cesarean delivery (OR 1.44), PPH (OR 1.47), preterm delivery at <37 and <34 week gestational age (OR 1.30, 1.41 respectively), RDS (1.49), neonatal jaundice (OR 1.24) hypoglycemia (OR 1.43), neonatal seizures (OR 2.41) and NAS (OR 5.96) (Table 1). CONCLUSION: Women with bipolar disorder are at an increased risk for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes in pregnancy. Interestingly, there was a large statistically significant difference in rates of neonatal seizures and neonatal abstinence syndrome. The exact etiology behind this difference deserves future research. Further, how these risks can be mitigated through health care prior to and during pregnancy needs to be determined. Additionally, women should be counseled about these risks and managed accordingly during their pregnancies. ER  - 
Improvement in the Prognosis of Cerebral Venous Sinus Thrombosis over a 22-Year Period$$$ Background: Cerebral venous thrombosis is a rare cause of stroke, with a number of well-defined risk factors. However, there exist few studies that describe trends in the prognosis of this disease over time. Methods: A retrospective study was performed on patients diagnosed with cerebral venous thrombosis at the University of Alberta Hospital during two time periods: 1988-1998 (21 patients) and 1999-2009 (40 patients). Signs and symptoms, risk factors, imaging findings, etiologies, treatment modalities, and status at discharge were examined. Results: Headache, nausea and vomiting, focal motor deficit, and seizure were the most common signs and symptoms, and active hormonal contraception was the most commonly identified risk factor between the two cohorts. Hematoma and hyperdense sinuses were the most commonly identified CT findings between groups. Thrombophilia and the use of hormonal contraception were the most frequently identified etiologies between the two cohorts. Treatment was similar, with the majority of patients in both cohorts receiving unfractionated heparin as first-line therapy. Patients in the 1999-2009 cohort were significantly less likely to have a severe deficit or be dead at discharge (odds ratio [OR]=0.178; 95% confidence interval [CI 95%]=0.051, 0.625) and were more likely to have a favorable modified Rankin Scale score of 0 or 1 at discharge (OR=7.98; CI 95%=1.79, 35.71). Conclusions: Our data indicate a reduction in severe residual symptoms at discharge and improved functional status at discharge for patients presenting with cerebral venous thrombosis from 1999 to 2009, as compared with 1988-1998. ER  - 
Anger Assessment in Patients Treated with Brivaracetam$$$ Objectives To assess state and trait anger, adjusted by epilepsy type, seizure control, anxiety-depression status and quality of life, in patients treated with brivaracetam (BRV) from an open study. Methods We evaluated prospectively consecutive patients with partial onset seizures in an open-label study. Patients had 5 years or longer of epilepsy and were taking between 1 and 3 antiepileptic drugs. They were treated with BRV and compared with a control group selected from outpatients attending our epilepsy unit who met the following criteria: Age ≥16 years and diagnosis of epilepsy with focal-onset seizures at least 1 year before inclusion in the study. The following tests were assessed: State-Trait Anger with the Expression Inventory-2, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory. Results We recruited 39 patients, 17 treated with BRV and 22 with other drugs, including 13 with levetiracetam (LEV). Mean age was 47.3 years, 43.6% were men. Symptomatic cases, 66% and 52% temporal lobe epilepsy. Antiepileptic drug polytherapy was present in 82.1% of the cases (100% BRV vs 68.2% control group). Demographic and clinical characteristics, as well as Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale scores were similar in both groups. When compared with the subgroup of LEV groups did not differ significantly on their Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale scores. Conclusions This small, open study suggests that BRV increases anger measures less than LEV in epilepsy patients. However, larger, blinded control studies are required to establish whether this apparent difference can be confirmed. ER  - 
One-Year Retention Study of Adjunctive Perampanel Treatment in Epilepsy Patients$$$ Objectives Perampanel is a recently introduced antiepileptic drug (AED) with a unique action mechanism of noncompetitive and selective α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid antagonist. Because of delayed approval of perampanel in most Asian countries, there is limited information on the clinical usefulness of perampanel in the Asian population. We performed a retrospective analysis of retention rate, seizure outcome, and adverse events for perampanel treatment in South Korea. Methods This was a retrospective, single-center, 1-year observational study. A total of 137 epilepsy patients (86 men, 51 women; age, 17-86 years) who were treated with perampanel as an adjunctive treatment were included. Perampanel was administered at a starting dose of 2 mg/d, and optimal-dose adjustments were made according to individual clinical responses. Efficacy and tolerability were analyzed during a 1-year follow-up. Results The overall retention rate was 71.3% at the 6-month follow-up and 61.0% at the 1-year follow-up. Retention rates were similar between patients with 1 concomitant AED and those taking 2 or more concomitant AEDs. The most common adverse event was somnolence, followed by dullness and psychiatric reactions, and the presence of psychiatric comorbidity was significantly associated with the development of psychiatric adverse reactions. Conclusions We showed that the retention rate and adverse events for adjunctive perampanel treatment in the Korean population were comparable with those in Western countries. Our study also suggests that adjuvant perampanel treatment may be effective in patients taking a higher number of concomitant AEDs and that psychiatric comorbidity may be a risk factor for perampanel-induced psychiatric reactions. ER  - 
Addressing medical needs of adolescents and adults with autism spectrum disorders in a primary care setting$$$ Little has been reported about how to improve health care access and delivery for adolescents and adults with autism spectrum disorder. To understand the contributions to the health disparities in the autism spectrum disorder population, we conducted two independent research approaches to learn about current medical needs. A retrospective chart review was performed to evaluate medical comorbidities and medication use. A focus group was also created to address barriers faced in providing medical care. Of 126 charts reviewed, 49% (n = 62) had intellectual disability, 49% (n = 62) had attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, 52% (n = 65) had anxiety, 41% (n = 52) had obesity, 31% (n = 39) with a history of aggressive behavior, 31% (n = 31) had depression, 22% (n = 28) had seizures, and 9% (n = 11) had hypertension. A Medical Regimen Complexity Index score was determined to examine medication use trends in the autism spectrum disorder population. Medical Regimen Complexity Index scores were significantly higher for patients with intellectual disability, patients with seizures, and patients with a history of aggressive behavior. Both the focus group and our pre-visit assessment identified the waiting room and waiting time as barriers to care. Understanding the comorbidities, polypharmacy, and medical barriers should provide a better understanding of the current health care access and delivery needs of adolescents and adults with autism spectrum disorder. ER  - 
Relationship between comorbidities and employment among veterans with spinal cord injury$$$ Objective: To determine the relationship between medical and mental health comorbidities in a large cohort of veterans with spinal cord injury (SCI). Methods: Data were collected from interviews and electronic medical records of veterans with SCI (N = 1,047) who received care at 7 geographically diverse SCI centers within the Department of Veterans Affairs across the country (https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01141647). Employment, medical, functional, and psychosocial data underwent cross-sectional analysis. Results: Lack of any documented mental health diagnosis correlated strongly with being employed at the time of enrollment. No single comorbidity was associated with employment at enrollment, but an increased number of medical and/or mental health comorbidities (“health burden”) were associated with a decreased likelihood of employment at the time of enrollment. Conclusion: Further investigation is needed to clarify whether comorbidity severity or combinations of specific comorbidities predict rehabilitation outcome, including employment. ER  - 
Association between maternal serious mental illness and adverse birth outcomes$$$ Purpose of study Women with serious mental illness (SMI) during pregnancy are at an increased risk for adverse birth outcomes. However, no previous study has disentangled the direct effects of SMI on a wide range of birth outcomes from the presence of confounding risk factors associated with SMI. This study estimates the effect of SMI on adverse birth outcomes controlling for a wide variety of these confounding risk factors. Methods used This was a retrospective study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilisation Project's National Inpatient Sample with 20% of discharges from participating hospitals in the U. S. from 2008 to 2014. We identified the prevalence of ten risk factors associated with adverse birth outcomes (anaemia, diabetes, infections, obesity, thyroid dysfunction, epilepsy, malposition/ malpresentation of the fetus, and tobacco, drug, or alcohol abuse) and a diagnosis of SMI (major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, and/or schizophrenia) from the maternal records of all births for mothers aged 10 or older. We report relative risk (RR) of adverse gestational, obstetric and fetal outcomes in women with SMI, using multivariable logistic regression to adjust for hospital/patient characteristics (race, age, payer, urban/rural, U.S. region, income, year, and weekend, elective, or emergency department admission) and the aforementioned risk factors. Summary of results Our sample includes more than 5 million births, 43 042 of which had a recorded maternal SMI (7.8 per 1000 births). The unadjusted relative risk of adverse birth outcomes was increased for women with SMI. Adjusting for hospital/patient characteristics and risk factors reduced the relative risk, but it remained significantly elevated for all three outcomes (table 1). Conclusions Addressing SMI-associated risk factors prior to or during pregnancy and child birth, and increasing awareness of maternal SMI in clinical settings may reduce the occurrence of adverse birth outcomes in this at-risk population. (Table Presented). ER  - 
A case of anti-leucine-rich-glioma-inactivated (IGI1) limbic encephalitis refractory to treatment$$$ Purpose of study Anti-LGI1 limbic encephalitis is a rare form of autoimmune disease with a unique presentation including cognitive disorder, seizure, hyponatremia and behavioural changes. Intravenous Immunoglobulins and plasma exchange are main treatment modalities. LGI1 is a secreted neuronal protein that interacts with presynaptic and postsynaptic receptors, and mutations of LGI1 have been associated with the syndrome of autosomal dominant lateral temporal lobe epilepsy. Seizures associated with Anti-LGI1 limbic encephalitis usually improve with immunosuppressant drugs but often do not respond to anticonvulsants alone. The purpose of this case report is to illustrate a difficult case of LGI1 limbic encephalitis refractory to treatment. Methods used Retrospective chart review. Summary of results This is a previously healthy 47-year-old Hispanic female who presented to our emergency department with several episodes of tonic-clonic and fasciobrachial seizures, confusion, hyponatremia, visual and auditory hallucinations, urine and bowel incontinence, psychosis, and decreased ability to perform her daily activities. Clinical suspicions for autoimmune encephalitis were made but her entire work up, such as brain MRI, CT chest/abdomen/pelvis, TB, Coccidioidomycosis, SLE, Hepatitis, HSV-1, and Sjogren were all unremarkable except for oligoclonal bands present in CSF and serum. A serum autoimmune encephalitis panel was sent to the University of Pennsylvania and found to be positive for the LGI1 antibody. Following treatment guidelines, intravenous immunoglobulin for 5 days, six courses of plasmapheresis, rituximab, cyclophosphamide, and mycophenolate mofetil were used sustainable improvement over more than a year course of her disease. At last, a 5 day course of high dose methylprednisolone subsided her symptoms. Conclusions To the best of our knowledge, this is a rare case of Anti-Leucine-Rich-Gloma-Inactivated Limbic Encephalitis that responded successfully to high dose methylprednisolone refractory to all other treatment modalities. ER  - 
The practice of electroconvulsivotherapy at a university hospital in Tunisia$$$ This study aimed to describe the practice of electroconvulsivotherapy (ECT) at the University Hospital of Monastir (Tunisia). We conducted a retrospective study of all patients treated by ECT at the University Hospital of Monastir between 2002 and 2013. 80 patients were enrolled in the study (60 men and 20 women, with an average age of 42.1±15.7 years), accounting for 1.4% of all patients hospitalized in Psychiatry Department during the study period. The total number of ECT sessions was 784. In 50% of patients, the primary diagnosis was a major isolated or recurring depressive disorder. The majority of patients (78.8%) had undergone only one ECT session, with an average number of sessions of 8.1 ± 4.9. The most used anesthetic product was the propofol (97.4%). In 71% of cases the energy delivered was between 40 and 80 joules and it was positively correlated with patients’ age. The average duration of the motor seizure was 22.3 ± 7.2 seconds and it was negatively correlated with patients’ age. The highest response rate was found in depression scores (64.3%). Immediate adverse effects occurred in 51.2% of patients. Finally, 20% of patients continued to undergo maintenance ECT sessions on a weekly or a biweekly basis. The practice of ECT at the University Hospital of Monastir has been little developed in terms of number of patients and ECT sessions. Efforts should be made to promote the use of this method. ER  - 
Association between HLA-B Alleles and Carbamazepine-Induced Maculopapular Exanthema and Severe Cutaneous Reactions in Thai Patients$$$ The HLA-B∗15:02 allele has been reported to have a strong association with carbamazepine-induced Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis (SJS/TEN) in Thai patients. The HLA-B alleles associated with carbamazepine-induced maculopapular exanthema (MPE) and the drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS) among the Thai population have never been reported. The aim of the present study was to carry out an analysis of the involvement of HLA-B alleles in carbamazepine-induced cutaneous adverse drug reactions (cADRs) in the Thai population. A case-control study was performed by genotyping the HLA-B alleles of Thai carbamazepine-induced hypersensitivity reaction patients (17 MPE, 16 SJS/TEN, and 5 DRESS) and 271 carbamazepine-tolerant controls. We also recruited 470 healthy Thai candidate subjects who had not taken carbamazepine. HLA-B∗15:02 showed a significant association with carbamazepine-induced MPE (P=0.0022, odds ratio (OR) (95% confidence interval [CI]) = 7.27 (2.04-25.97)) and carbamazepine-induced SJS/TEN (P=4.46×10-13; OR (95% CI) = 70.91(19.67-255.65)) when compared with carbamazepine-tolerant controls. Carbamazepine-induced SJS/TEN also showed an association with HLA-B∗15:21 allele (P=0.013; OR (95% CI) = 9.54 (1.61-56.57)) when compared with carbamazepine-tolerant controls. HLA-B∗58:01 allele was significantly related to carbamazepine-induced MPE (P=0.007; OR (95% CI) = 4.73 (1.53-14.66)) and DRESS (P=0.0315; OR (95% CI) = 7.55 (1.20-47.58)) when compared with carbamazepine-tolerant controls. These alleles may serve as markers to predict carbamazepine-induced cADRs in the Thai population. ER  - 
Predictors of ischemic stroke and stroke mimic during pregnancy$$$ Introduction: The risk of ischemic stroke is significantly higher in pregnancy. However, the neurologic symptoms that accompany stroke can be mimicked by other conditions. Because ischemic stroke has the potential for acute treatment, it is important to identify these patients quickly. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed on pregnant patients from 2009-2014 using ICD-9 codes for stroke or other related vascular diseases. The diagnosis was based on the neurologist evaluation and neuroimaging. We identified candidate variables with p<0.2 in univariable analysis and derived a predictive model using interactive variable selection, then fit logistic regression models to the outcome of ischemic stroke. Results: Thirty-eight patients met inclusion criteria, of which 13 had ischemic stroke (Table 1). Mimic diagnoses included: venous sinus thrombosis (8), intracerebral hemorrhage (2), complicated migraine (7), non-epileptic seizure (3), seizure (2), transient ischemic attack (1), and conversion disorder (2). The best model to predict ischemic stroke included age greater than 29 years and history of 1 degree relative with stroke (Figure 1). Conclusion: Our scoring system is a promising hypothesis-generating concept that requires validation in a larger cohort of pregnant patients. Table 1: Baseline characteristics of patients with ischemic stroke versus mimics and p-value for difference (using Student's t-test or the Chi-squared test). (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Anti-NMDA-receptor encephalitis of Thai patients: Description of a consecutive series of patients over 10 years and a literature review$$$ Background: Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor [anti-NMDAR] encephalitis is an autoimmune encephalitis commonly associated with ovarian teratoma [OT]. Currently, there is no literature for anti-NMDAR encephalitis in Thai patients who may have different clinical manifestations compared to patients from other regions. Objective: To evaluate the clinical characteristics, assessments, and outcomes of a series of anti-NMDAR encephalitis in Thai patients and review of the literature. Materials and Methods: All adult Thai patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis confirmed positive by one anti-NMDAR antibody test, either in serum or cerebrospinal fluid [CSF], and hospitalized in the Department of Medicine, Siriraj Hospital, Thailand, between 2007 and 2016, were identified from the hospital’s database. Results: Nine patients with a median age of 21 years (range 15 to 49), including eight (89%) that were female, were included in this study. Initial presentations included seizures (4 patients, 44%), psychiatric symptoms (4, 44%), and cognitive impairment (1, 11%). Chronic relapsing inflammatory optic neuropathy proceeded to encephalopathy in one patient (11%). Six patients (67%) had abnormalities in brain imaging, revealed by computed tomography with contrast or magnetic resonance imaging, or both. Leptomeningeal enhancement was present in two patients (22%). An OT was found in three out of six patients (50%), all of whom underwent tumor removal. Immunotherapy was given to all patients. Clinical outcomes were marked recovery in four patients (44%), persistent cognitive deficit and partial dependency in two (22%), and death by hospital-acquired pneumonia in two (22%). Conclusion: The majorities of the initial manifestations of anti-NMDAR encephalitis in the Thai patients were seizures and psychiatric symptoms. The first episode of seizure without other neurological abnormalities especially among young adult women may reveal anti-NMDAR encephalitis. CRION may precede such an encephalitis. Leptomeningeal enhancement, with or without intraparenchymal lesion, may be more frequently seen in Thai patients. ER  - 
Association of higher migraine risk among female and younger chronic osteomyelitis patients: Evidence from a Taiwan cohort of one million$$$ Background: Inflammation may trigger migraine development through neurovascular reactions in the brain. Most of the migraine patients, particularly the younger ones, do not have any risk factors for this disease. Hence, we assessed whether chronic osteomyelitis (COM), a chronic inflammatory disease, increases the risk of migraine. Objective: We aim to evaluate the risk of migraine among female and middle-age COM patients with a large patient sample. Study Design: A retrospective cohort study was conducted in this study. Setting: The data used in this study were extracted from the Taiwan National Health Insurance (NHI) Research Database. Methods: A study group with 2,012 COM patients and 8,048 randomly chosen gender- and age-matched controls were chosen from the Taiwan NHI Research Database (NHIRD) from the start of 2000 to the end of 2009. The risk of migraine was estimated with Cox proportional regression model. Both COM and control groups were followed-up until the occurrence of migraine during the study period (2000–2011). Prevalent covariates, such as age, gender, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, stroke, coronary artery disease, depression, anxiety, sleep disorder, bipolar disorder, and epilepsy, were included for further evaluation. The hazard ratio (HR) of migraine was measured with Cox proportional hazard regression model. The primary outcome was the overall migraine risk among COM patients, and the secondary outcome was the migraine risk among COM patients lacking the comorbidities. Additional outcomes included migraine risk among COM patients in different age and gender subgroups. Results: The overall migraine risk was increased in COM patients (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.74, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.14–2.65). Even without any prevalent comorbidities, COM patients still exhibited an increased risk of migraine (aHR 2.05, 95% CI 1.06–3.97) than the controls did. Moreover, this risk was relatively higher in COM patients aged < 40 and 45–54 years (aHR 2.07, 95% CI 0.97–4.46 and aHR 2.11, 95% CI 0.97–4.57, respectively) than in their counterparts. Female COM patients had a relatively higher migraine risk (aHR 1.85, 95% CI 1.05–3.24) than male patients did (aHR 1.68, 95% CI 0.89–3.16). Limitations: The messages about personal behaviors were unavailable in the Taiwan NHIRD. Other neurovascular risk factors that might increase migraine cannot be excluded completely in this research. Conclusion: An association between COM and increased risk of migraine was shown in this study. The results suggest that COM is a significant migraine predictor, and thus imply the necessity for rigorous migraine prevention in COM patients, especially female and younger ones. ER  - 
Effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in Parkinsonian symptoms: A case series$$$ Depression is a common comorbidity in patients suffering from Parkinson’s disease (PD). Available evidence suggests that electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for depression and also improves symptoms of PD. However, literature on usefulness of ECT in parkinsonian symptoms is limited. A review of records of all patients receiving ECT from 2010 to April 2017 in the authors’ clinic yielded six cases (0.63% of all patients who received ECT at the authors’ center over last 7 years) of depression with PD who were treated with ECT. All six patients had improvement in both depression and symptoms of PD following ECT treatment. The improvement achieved with ECT was sustained in four patients. Worsening of PD symptoms 3 to 4 months post-treatment was seen in two patients. ECT appears to be an effective treatment option for management of motoric symptoms in patients with PD, especially those with comorbid psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
A standard intervention practice to promote appropriate lamotrigine therapy by pharmacists$$$ The dosage and frequency of lamotrigine administration for each patient must be prescribed carefully according to the disease, age, concomitant medications, and administration period. According to Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) reports, either the number of patients with adverse events caused by the inappropriate use of lamotrigine or the ratio of the patients who have benefited from the Relief System for Adverse Drug Reactions did not change even after the revision of the package insert in 2015. The procedure for auditing lamotrigine prescriptions was standardized to improve patient safety in our hospitals. The efficacy of standardization was evaluated by investigating the patients' records and prescriptions. A total of 77 patients treated with lamotrigine were examined to evaluate the appropriateness of the dosage and frequency of administration as well as the number of prescription enquiries made by pharmacists retrospectively. In addition, the presence of adverse events such as skin rash was examined using medical records. The number of inappropriate cases found and the prescription questions asked by pharmacists during the 24-month period before and after standardization were compared. The rate of inappropriate prescriptions after standardization was significantly lower than that before (12.1 vs. 29%; p<0.05). The rate of prescription questions raised after standardization was significantly higher than that before (37.0 vs. 1.7%; p<0.05). Moreover, there was no adverse event after standardization. Our standardization practice was effective to easily identify inappropriate prescriptions and provide physicians with the appropriate dosage or frequency of administration for the patients. ER  - 
Prevalence of mental disorders in Punjab: Findings from National Mental Health Survey$$$ Background: Knowledge of the prevalence of mental disorders is essential for setting up services and allocation of resources. Existing studies suffer from methodological problems which limit their utility and generalizability. There was a long felt need to conduct a scientifically robust study in different regions of India to have national prevalence rates. Aims: This study aims to estimate the prevalence of mental disorders in a representative population of Punjab as a part of the National Mental Health Survey. Settings and Design: Community-based survey carried out in rural and urban areas of Punjab using multistage, stratified, random cluster sampling technique and random selection was based on Probability Proportion to Size. Materials and Methods: The survey was conducted in 60 clusters of 4 districts (Faridkot, Ludhiana, Moga, and Patiala) of Punjab. Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview adult version 6.0 for mental morbidity, case definition for generalized tonic-clonic seizure, an expansion of the Fagerström Nicotine Dependence Scale for tobacco use and screener for intellectual disability were used. Appropriate statistical methods were applied. Results: A total of 2895 respondents aged >18 years from 719 households were interviewed. The prevalence of lifetime and current mental morbidity was 17.94% and 13.42%, respectively. Higher prevalence of mental morbidity was found among persons aged >60 years and those belonging to lower income group and rural population. Conclusions: The prevalence of mental morbidity is high in the population. The findings give a clear picture of magnitude of the problem and will help policy planners to tackle the situation which looks grave and warrants immediate intervention. ER  - 
Brain magnetic resonance imaging, cerebrospinal fluid, and autoantibody profile in 118 patients with neuropsychiatric lupus$$$ The objective of this study is to analyze clinical manifestations, features of imaging, and laboratory assessment of patients with neuropsychiatric SLE (NPSLE) for better diagnosis and outcome prediction. One hundred eighteen NPSLE patients admitted to the Anhui Provincial Hospital in Hefei, China, between January 2006 and December 2016 were enrolled and analyzed retrospectively. All patients fulfilled the American College of Rheumatology revised classification criteria for SLE. Patients with NPSLE fulfilled the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) nomenclature and case definitions. All NPSLE patients underwent neurological investigations including MRI of nervous system, electroencephalograms, or CSF examination as part of the diagnostic evaluation of nervous system involvement. All statistical analyses were performed. According to different types of data, different statistical methods were used to determine factors associated with abnormal MRI among NPSLE patients. Statistical significance was defined as P value < 0.05(two-tailed). Twelve different neurological manifestations of NPSLE patients were shown, in which headache was most common symptom (25.95%, 34/131), followed by seizures (25.19%, 33/131), cerebrovascular disease (18.32%, 24/ 131), psychosis (8.40%, 11/131), and others including mood disorder, cognitive dysfunction, plexopathy, cranial neuropathy, movement disorder, myelopathy, acute confusional state, and anxiety disorder. Thirteen patients have two neurological symptoms at the same time. Cerebrospinal fluid was assessed in 76 NPSLE patients, in which 29 patients had higher pressure of cerebrospinal fluid and 66 patients had abnormal immunoglobulin in cerebrospinal fluid, predominantly with an increase of IgG (84.21%, 64/76), followed by an increase of IgA (69.74%, 53/76), and IgM accounted for 47.74% (34/ 76). The MRI taken by 66.10% (78/118) patients have shown abnormal lesions and/or ischemic changes in the bilateral cerebral hemisphere, thalamus, pons, brainstem, and cerebellum. The abnormal changes in MRI were correlated with antiphospholipid antibody (APL) and C3 (P = 0.026 and 0.040, respectively). The most common clinical manifestation of NPSLE is headache, followed by seizures and cerebrovascular accident. The test of cerebrospinal fluid and MRI plays an important role in the assessment of NPSLE. The abnormal intracranial lesions were correlated with the level of anti-cardiolipin antibodies (ACL) and C3. ER  - 
Association between dehydration and falls$$$ Background: Decreased thirst, antidiuretic hormone production, and apoptosis of long nephrons lead to greater fluid losses in older adults. Lower body water content adds to the risk of dehydration, but little is known about the prevalence of dehydration in older adults or the association between dehydration and falls. Understanding and preventing falls is important to primary care as physicians treat an aging population. Objective: To determine whether there is an association between dehydration and falls in adults aged 65 years and older. Design: Retrospective cross-sectional study. Setting: A large Midwestern academic medical center in the United States. Patients and Other Participants: Patients ≥65 years old without end stage renal failure, liver disease, seizure, or motor vehicle accident. Intervention/Instrument: The electronic health record was used to identify patients ≥65 years old and indicators of dehydration: BUN/ creatinine ratio >20, sodium level >145 mg/dL, urine specific gravity >1.030, or serum osmolality >295. Outcome Measures: The primary outcome, fall occurrence within 3 years after baseline (2012-09-30), was studied using logistic regression controlling for dehydration, medications, age, sex, orthostatic hypotension and other risk factors. A secondary outcome, falls or death, was examined using the same methods as above. Results: Of 30,634 patients, 37.9% were dehydrated, 11.4% had a fall during follow-up, and 11.7% died during follow-up. We found a strong positive association of falls with dehydration, odds ratio and 95% confidence interval (OR (CI)) 1.13 (1.05, 1.22). Falls or death were also associated with: dehydration OR 1.12 (1.06, 1.20), loop diuretics OR 1.72 (1.59, 1.86), and antipsychotic medications OR 2.49 (2.22, 2.80). Conclusion: Over 1/3 of older adults are dehydrated with a strong association between falls and dehydration, as well as falls or death and dehydration, loop diuretic and antipsychotic use. Understanding and addressing the risks associated with dehydration, including falls, can improve care and quality of life for patients as they age. ER  - 
Form and content of cannabis products in the US$$$ Background: Twenty-nine states and DC have legalized marijuana in some form, resulting in a proliferation of cannabis products. Little is known about the forms, THC content and medical and nutritional claims of products. To fill this gap we identified all products available in a sample of dispensaries in the United States. Methods: We identified the top 3 dispensaries in each state with the most consumer reviews (e.g. Yelp, Weedmaps) as a metric of public interest. Six states and DC do not allow dispensaries. Our final list had 65 dispensaries. We extracted data on all cannabis products available for the most reviewed dispensary in each state (8 in recreational states, 15 in medical states). The sample was determined representative by comparing our data with that of two more randomly selected dispensaries from the original list. When no new products in terms of form or THC content were identified, data collection was considered complete. We extracted product form, marketing and nutritional claims and THC content. We summarized data by reporting the medians and interquartile range of THC content. Results: We identified 2,264 unique products. Most common were edibles (N=770, 34%), then bud/flower (N=726, 32%), concentrate (N=471, 21%), sublingual (N=150, 6.6%), topical (N=135, 6%), plant/seed (N=8,.4%), rectal (N=2,.08%) and vaginal (N=2,.08%). THC content varied significantly. Median THC ranged from 60mg to 500mg per package and 5mg to 40mg per serving. Maximum THC content was 7000mg in packages and 202mg in servings. Among all edibles, 8% (N=183) were potentially attractive to chil-drenin form (gummy, candy bar, cookie, hard candy, brownie) or flavor (berry, lemon, peanut butter). Average median THC content in edibles was 114mg in packages and 15mg in servings with a maximum THC of 7000mg in packages and 166mg in servings. Of the total 2,264 products, 473 (21%) claimed therapeutic efficacy. Most common was pain management (n=332, 15%), anxiety (n=188, 8%), insomnia (n=188, 8%), depression (n=156, 7%), and stress (n=117, 5%). Fifteen (0.7%) products made nutritional claims such as “Vitamin E”, “Gluten-free, Vegan”, and “Omega 3”. Nine (0.4%) products warned of adverse effects. Conclusions: The creation of new cannabis products has outpaced safety data. Clinical trials examining the medical efficacy of average 8mg/daily of cannabis have documented adverse effects including poisoning, depression, disorientation, anxiety, confusion, seizures, psychosis, hallucination and para-noia. Even with the disparate regulations on THC content at the state level the maximum allowable dose is 200mg/package. We found a maximum available dose is 7000mg/package. Many products are also sold in forms potentially appealing to children. Increases in pediatric cannabis poisoning suggest more regulation of forms, size and THC content may be necessary. Finally, many products claimed therapeutic efficacy for conditions cannabis may worsen, like depression or anxiety. Increased regulatory oversight is needed. ER  - 
Projected impact of a multigene pharmacogenetic test to optimize medication prescribing in cardiovascular patients$$$ Aim: To determine the projected impact of a multigene pharmacogenetic (PGx) test on medication prescribing. Materials & methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted with 122 cardiac catheterization laboratory patients undergoing angiography for eligibility of potential PGx-guided interventions that could have occurred if multigene PGx information was pre-emptively available at the time of the procedure. Medication data and presence of actionable at-risk genotypes were used to determine eligibility of a PGx intervention. Results: 20% of the study population (n = 24) would have qualified for at least one PGx-based medication intervention per US FDA or Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium (CPIC) guidelines within 6 months of their cardiac catheterization procedure. Commonly encountered gene-drug pairs for these interventions included: CYP2C19 for clopidogrel and antidepressants, CYP2D6 for antidepressants and codeine, SLCO1B1 for simvastatin, and VKORC1/CYP2C9 for warfarin. Conclusion: Pre-emptive use of a multigene PGx test in the cardiac catheterization laboratory offers potential to reduce adverse medication outcomes. ER  - 
Zusanli (ST36) acupoint injection with neostigmine for paralytic postoperative ileus following radical gastrectomy for gastric cancer: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: The Zusanli (ST36) acupoint has been associated with treatment of various gastrointestinal conditions. There have been no studies of acupuncture therapy for paralytic postoperative ileus (PPOI). Materials and methods: Patients with PPOI following gastrectomy for gastric cancer were randomized to receive ST36 acupoint injection with neostigmine, gluteal intramuscular injection with 1.0 mg neostigmine, ST36 acupuncture alone, or standard therapy. The main outcome was the effectiveness rate for recovery of peristalsis. Secondary outcomes were time to bowel sound recovery, time to first flatus, and time to first defecation. Tertiary outcomes were drug-related adverse events, including abdominal pain, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, tearing, delirium, seizure, and anxiety. Results: ST36 acupoint injection with neostigmine and gluteal intramuscular injection of neostigmine gave a higher rate of peristalsis recovery, and the ST36 acupoint injection group showed significantly higher total effectiveness rate than that of the intramuscular injection group. These interventions gave significantly shorter times to bowel sound recovery, shorter times to first flatus and first defecation compared with ST36 acupuncture and standard post-operative therapy (P < 0.01). ST36 acupoint injection group gave shorter time to bowel sound recovery, shorter time to first flatus and first defecation than those of the intramuscular injection group (P < 0.01). Drug-related adverse events in the intramuscular injection group were more serious than in the ST36 acupoint injection group (P < 0.05). Conclusion: ST36 acupoint injection with neostigmine is safe and effective for treatment of PPOI. ER  - 
Risk Factors Associated with Severity of Nongenetic Intellectual Disability (Mental Retardation) among Children Aged 2-18 Years Attending Kenyatta National Hospital$$$ Background. Many of the nongenetic causal risk factors of intellectual disability (ID) can be prevented if they are identified early. There is paucity on information regarding potential risk factors associated with this condition in Kenya. This study aimed to establish risk factors associated with severity of nongenetic intellectual disability (ID) among children presenting with this condition at Kenyatta National Hospital (KNH). Methods. A hospital-based cross-sectional study was conducted over the period between March and June 2017 in pediatric and child/youth mental health departments of Kenyatta National Hospital (KNH), Kenya. It included children aged 2-18 years diagnosed with ID without underlying known genetic cause. Results. Of 97 patients with nongenetic ID, 24% had mild ID, 40% moderate, 23% severe-profound, and 10% unspecified ID. The mean age of children was 5.6 (±3.6) years. Male children were predominant (62%). Three independent factors including "labor complications" [AOR = 9.45, 95% CI = 1.23-113.29, P=0.036], "admission to neonatal intensive care unit" [AOR = 8.09, 95% CI = 2.11-31.07, P=0.002], and "cerebral palsy" [AOR = 21.18, CI = 4.18-107.40, P≤0.001] were significantly associated with increased risk of severe/profound nongenetic ID. Conclusion. The present study findings suggest that perinatal complications as well as postnatal insults are associated with increased risk of developing severe-profound intellectual disability, implying that this occurrence may be reduced with appropriate antenatal, perinatal, and neonatal healthcare interventions. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric Involvement in Juvenile-Onset Systemic Lupus Erythematosus$$$ Objective. Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a complex autoimmune disorder characterized by multisystem involvement, including the nervous system. In the present study, we aimed to assess neuropsychiatric manifestations in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (JSLE) in Iran. Methods. One hundred and forty-six pediatric onset patients with SLE who had registered in our pediatric rheumatology database were evaluated prospectively and cross sectionally within 2013-2015. Data including sex, age, age at the time of diagnosis, age at the time of study, physical examination, laboratory review, and neuropsychiatric inventory were extracted from this database. Classification of neuropsychiatric JSLE was according to the 1999 American College of Rheumatology (ACR) neuropsychiatric manifestations of SLE case definitions. Result. A total number of 41 patients with neuropsychiatric symptoms were selected. The patients' average age was 12.2 years. The most common neuropsychiatric symptoms were seizures, migraine, and depression. The mean age at the onset of symptoms was 10.2 ± 3 years. Mean follow-up period was 57±34 (range: 12-120) months. From 41 SLE patients, 18 (43.9) presented symptoms at the time of diagnosis. In thirteen (31.7%) patients, neurological symptoms were developed more than 1 year after SLE diagnosis. Headache was the most common feature (13%), followed by seizure (9.5%) and chorea (3.4%). Other neurological manifestations included cranial nerve involvement (0.7%), loss of consciousness (2.7%), and impaired deep tendon reflex neuropathy (2.5%). The least common neuropsychiatric JSLE manifestation was aseptic meningitis seen in only one patient (0.7%). Conclusion. The presence of headache, mood disorders, psychosis, depression, and other neuropsychological manifestations in a patient with JSLE should prompt investigations into diagnosis of the primary nervous system involvement in order to reduce mortality and morbidity. ER  - 
Relevance of follow-up in patients with core clinical criteria for alzheimer disease and normal csf biomarkers$$$ Background: Few patients with a normal cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) biomarker profile fulfill the clinical criteria for Alzheimer disease (AD). Objective: The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis of misdiagnoses for these patients. Method: Patients from the e-PLM centers fulfilling the core clinical criteria for probable AD dementia or mild cognitive impairment due to AD (AD-MCI), with normal CSF Aβ1-42, T-tau and P-tau biomarkers and clinical follow-up, were included. Clinical and imaging data were reviewed by an independent board, from baseline (visit with clinical evaluation and CSF analysis) to the end of the follow-up, for a final diagnosis. Results: In the e-PLM cohort of 1098 AD patients with CSF analysis, 37 (3.3%) patients (20 with AD dementia core clinical criteria and 17 with AD-MCI core clinical criteria) had normal CSF biomarker profile and a clinical follow-up. All patients presented with episodic memory impairment and 27 (73%) had medial temporal lobe atrophy on MRI-scan. After a median follow-up of 36 months (range 7-74), the final diagnosis was AD MCI or dementia for 9 (24%) patients, and unlikely due to AD for 28 (76%) patients. A misdiagnosis was corrected in 18 (49%) patients (mood disorders, non-AD degenerative dementia, vascular cognitive impairment, alcohol cognitive disorders, temporal epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis), and 10 (27%) patients had cognitive disorders of undetermined etiology. Conclusion: AD diagnosis (MCI or dementia) with normal CSF biomarkers is a rare condition. A clinical follow-up is particularly recommended to consider an alternative diagnosis. ER  - 
Dextromethorphan recreational use and poisoning – The social and psychological background$$$ Background. Dextromethorphan (DXM) is a widely used over-the-counter antitussive drug. In supratherapeutic doses, it exerts psychoactive effects. Use of DXM seems very common among people seeking ‘illegal or legal highs’. Objectives. The aim of the study is to assess the social and psychological features of DXM users. Material and methods. Data on DXM poisoning (n = 103; adults and youths) in Lodz Province from January 2011 to March 2015 were obtained. Furthermore, analyses of the psychological or psychiatric examination of patients were performed. The symptoms of acute intoxication and ingested doses were reported to evaluate the course and possible tolerance. Results. Recreational DXM poisoning was the main reason for the admission of the majority of patients (53%). This phenomenon was observed mainly in the group of adolescents and young adults. The average dose ranged from 5 up to 120 pills of 15 mg each. Coadmin-istration with alcohol was reported in 45% of patients. Clinical presentation included predominantly balance disorders, psychomotor retardation and agitation. There was a difference in psychosocial risk factors between genders: living alone and relationship problems were significantly more frequent in females. Conclusions. Our study highlights gender differences in psychosocial risk factors for DXM use, a potential role of the family environment, substance addiction, and organic diseases in the development of DXM dependence. ER  - 
Long-term follow up of patients with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease treated with bapineuzumab in a Phase III, open-label, extension study$$$ Background: A 3-year extension of two Phase III parent studies of intravenous (IV) bapineuzumab in patients with mildto- moderate Alzheimer's disease dementia (apolipoprotein (APOE) σ4 carriers and noncarriers) is summarized. Objectives: The primary and secondary objectives were to evaluate the long-term safety, tolerability, and maintenance of efficacy of bapineuzumab. Methods: A multicenter study in patients who had participated in double-blind placebo-controlled parent studies. Patients enrolled in the extension study were assigned to receive IV infusions of bapineuzumab (0.5 or 1.0 mg/kg) every 13 weeks until termination but were blinded to whether they had received bapineuzumab or placebo in the parent studies. Results: A total of 1,462 (688 were APOE σ4 carriers and 774 were noncarriers) patients were enrolled. Extension-onset adverse events occurred in >81% of the patients in each dose group. Fall, urinary tract infection, agitation, and ARIA-E occurred in ≥10% of participants. The incidence proportion of ARIA-E was higher among carriers and noncarriers who received bapineuzumab for the first time in the extension study (11.8% and 5.4%, respectively) versus those who were previously exposed in the parent studies (5.1% and 1.3%, respectively). After 6 to 12 months exposure to bapineuzumab IV in the extension study, similar deterioration of cognition and function occurred with no significant differences between the dose groups. Conclusions: Infusion of bapineuzumab 0.5 or 1.0 mg/kg every 13 weeks for up to 3 years was generally well tolerated, with a safety and tolerability profile similar to that in previous studies. ER  - 
Clinical features and pharmacokinetic analysis in acute olanzapine poisoning in patients admitted to the intensive care unit$$$ Objective: Olanzapine, an atypical second generation antipsychotic drug, is increasingly prescribed due to its effectiveness in chronic psychosis with improved tolerance in comparison to the first generation antipsychotic drugs. Whereas side-effects are well-reported, acute poisonings remain less well documented. Methods: We conducted a retrospective single-center descriptive study including all patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) of a University Hospital between January 2000 and June 2017 in relation to olanzapine overdose, defined by the onset of compatible features and plasma olanzapine concentrations above the therapeutic range. The usual demographic, clinical, toxicological and outcome data were collected. Non-compartmental pharmacokinetic models were obtained using WinNonlin v. 5.1 software, Certara. Results: In total, 71 patients (38 females [54%]; 33 males [46%]), aged 36 years [27; 44] (median [percentiles 25; 75] were included. Of these, 55% had past suicide attempts and 18% were chronic alcoholics. Multidrug ingestion (3 co-ingestants [2; 4] with mainly psychotropic drugs including benzodiazepines in 69%) included olanzapine (ingested dose 200 mg [110; 333] and plasma concentration on admission 0.310 mg/L [0.185; 0.820]. Features included consciousness impairment (Glasgow coma score 4 [3; 8]), myorelaxation (68%), myosis (39%) or mydriasis (10%), abolished (31%) or increased tendon reflexes (28%), QT widening (23%) and QRS enlargement on the electrocardiogram (ECG) (10%). No seizure was observed. Management included mechanical ventilation (91%), catecholamine infusion (18%), gastrointestinal decontamination (10%), and hemodialysis (4%). Three patients (4%) who presented with pre-hospital cardiac arrest died in the ICU. In three patients with the most severe poisoning, pharmacokinetic analysis suggested prolonged olanzapine elimination at elevated concentrations (median half-life of elimination: 54.4 hours versus 30 hours in pharmacological conditions), attributed to the reduction in liver metabolism and renal clearance (median clearance CL/F: 22 L/h versus up to 47 L/h in pharmacological conditions) and slight increase in the volume of distribution (median value: 1805 L versus 1000 L in pharmacological conditions). Conclusion: Olanzapine overdose may result in life-threatening central nervous depression and cardiac toxicity requiring ICU admission. In our series, co-ingestants including benzodiazepines may have masked the presence of olanzapine-induced anticholinergic manifestations explaining its low prevalence. Olanzapine elimination in overdose is altered, contributing to the clinical severity of poisoning. ER  - 
New psychoactive substance (NPS)-induced toxicity requiring intensive care unit admission: A case series$$$ Objective: New psychoactive substances (NPS) are increasingly used on the recreational scene, despite a major risk of severe poisoning. Among the NPS, the synthetic cathinones have become popular amphetamine-like products representing a major health concern to date. Extremely limited data on NPS-poisoned patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) have been reported. Our objective was to describe the clinical features, management, and outcome of NPS-poisoned patients admitted to the ICU. When available, pharmacokinetic data have been obtained. Methods: Retrospective single center descriptive study including all NPS-poisoned patients admitted in one University Hospital ICU during 2011-2017. NPS use was based on the patient's declaration and confirmed analytically if possible. The usual demographic, clinical, toxicological, and outcome data were collected from the medical records. Results: Twenty-four NPS-poisoned patients (23 males/1 female; age: 34 years [18] (median [inter-quartile range]; chronic ethanol [77%] and drug [59%] consumers; including HIV-infected [58%] and depressive [25%] patients) were admitted to the ICU. The main declared compounds were methylenedioxypyrovalerone (MDPV; n = 9), 4-methylethcathinone (4-MEC; n = 6), 3-methyl methcathinone (3-MMC; n= 3) and 4-methyl methcathinone (4-MMC; n = 3), more frequently used in drug mixtures sold as bath salts or in poly-intoxication with conventional illegal drugs (mostly cocaine and gamma-hydroxybutyrate [GHB]). NPS was used for a recreational purpose (71%), in a Chemsex party (29%) or as a solitary practice (29%). Binge (63%) and intravenous (50%) self-administration was remarkable. Patients presented acute encephalopathy with psychomotor agitation (46%), confusion (38%; Glasgow Coma Score 14 [9]), hallucinations (33%), anxiety (17%), seizures (17%), myoclonus (13%) and stereotypies (13%). Electrocardiograms (ECG) typically showed sinus tachycardia (70%), QRS/QT abnormalities (13%), and atrio-ventricular blocks (4%). Acute cardiac ischemia (17%), heart dysfunction (13%), disseminated intravascular coagulation (8%) and multiorgan failure (17%) developed. Management was supportive including mechanical ventilation (25%, length 24 hours [21]). One NBOMe-poisoned patient died in relation to post-anoxic encephalopathy due to hypoxic pre-hospital cardiac arrest resulting from sustained seizures. Conclusion: NPS and mainly synthetic cathinones may be responsible for severe features resulting in ICU admission and organ failure. Management is supportive. Improving our knowledge on the clinical risks of NPS use may be helpful to better inform users. ER  - 
Acute health problems due to recreational drug use in patients presenting to an urban Emergency Department in Switzerland$$$ Objective: To describe the frequency and variety of acute medical problems due to recreational drug use in patients presenting to an Emergency Department in Switzerland during a 15-month period with a focus on novel psychoactive substances. Methods: Retrospective analysis within the Euro-DEN Plus project of cases presenting from May 2016 to July 2017 at the Emergency Department of the University Hospital of Bern. Cases with symptoms/signs consistent with acute toxicity were retrieved using a comprehensive full-text search algorithm. Isolated ethanol intoxications were excluded. Results: During the study period, 292 of the 56,303 Emergency Department attendances were included. The mean patient age was 33 years (range 16-65) and 70% were male. Alcohol coingestion was reported in 47% and use of more than one recreational drug simultaneously occurred in 32% of the cases. The most frequent cases were related to cocaine (42%), cannabis (26%), and heroin (18%). Excluding opioids and benzodiazepines, prescription drugs used recreationally were antidepressants (n = 4), dextromethorphan (n = 3), methylphenidate (n = 2), and antipsychotics (n = 1). The reported herbal substances included damiana and ayahuasca (1 case each). Urine drug screening immunoassay was available in 160 patients (55%). In this subset based on urine screening, the most frequently detected substances were cocaine (80 times), cannabis (79 times), and benzodiazepines (68 times). There were four intoxications with novel substances involved; two cases with 2,5-dimethoxy-4-bromophenethylamine (2C-B) use (immunoassay in one case not performed and in the other case positive for amphetamines [co-ingested] and benzodiazepines [iatrogenic]), one case with 4-acetoxy-dimethyltriptamine (4-Aco-DMT) use (immunoassay positive for benzodiazepines [iatrogenic]), and one case of carfentanil (detected with liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, immunoassay negative). Overall, 51% of the patients had impaired consciousness (Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) < 15) upon presentation and/or pre-hospital, 19% were unconscious (GCS < 8). Other frequent symptoms were agitation (32%), anxiety (29%), and tachycardia (28%). Severe complications included one fatality (patient was found unconscious with a needle in arm, immunoassay positive for opiates and cannabis), two acute myocardial infarctions, as well as psychosis and seizures in 37 and 21 cases, respectively. Most patients (55%) were discharged home, 21% were referred to psychiatric care and 13% were admitted to intensive care. Conclusion: Although new generations of recreational drugs are flooding the market, the usual suspects such as cocaine and cannabis are still dominating when it comes to hospital admissions with presentations mainly characterized by central nervous system depression, sympathomimetic toxicity, and/or psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Hallucinations and seizures: What are the most likely causes?$$$ Objective: A wide range of toxic agents can provoke hallucinations and seizures. In these clinical conditions, the identification of their cause can be difficult. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed on a selection of human exposure calls to our Poison Center. Patients who experienced hallucinations or seizures between 1 January 2016 and 31 December 2016 were included. Patients with symptomatology that was not attributable were excluded. Data were analyzed to identify trends in age and gender distribution, the most frequently involved agents and circumstances, and the relationship between these factors. Results: Overall, 52 patients experienced hallucinations: 63.5% (n = 33) males, 30.8% (n = 16) females, 5.8% (n = 3) unknown gender. The main circumstances were abuse 42.3% (n = 22), adverse drug reaction in therapy/self-prescription (ADR/SP) 23.1% (n = 12), and mental incapability 9.6% (n = 5). The main agents were substances of abuse 30.8% (n = 16), anticholinergic drugs 9.6% (n = 5), multiple categories 9.6% (n = 5), and plants 9.6% (n = 5). Anticholinergic drugs were the main cause of hallucinations (50% n = 4) among children aged 0-5 years, whereas substances of abuse were the main cause (40.0% [n = 4]; 66.7% [n = 4], and 63.6% [n = 7]) in patients aged 11-15, 16-20 and 21-40 years, respectively. ADR/SPs were predominant in patients aged less than 10 years of age and more than 61 years. Abuse prevailed in those aged 11 and 40 years. Seizures occured in 35 patients 60.0% (n = 21) males and 40.0% (n = 14) females. The main circumstances were self-harm 48.6% (n = 17), abuse 22.9% (n = 8) and medical errors 8.6% (n = 3). The most frequently involved agents were multiple categories 22.9% (n= 8), substances of abuse 20.0% (n = 7), antidepressants 8.6% (n = 3), insulin 5.7% (n = 2), and carbon monoxide 5.7% (n = 2). The main causes were substances of abuse among patients aged 21-40 years, multiple categories and antidepressants among those aged 41-60 years. Abuse was one of the main circumstances for 16-40 year old patients, and self-harm for those between 21-60 years old, reaching 83.3% (n = 10) among patients >41 years old. Conclusion: More than 50% of patients experiencing hallucinations and 22.9% of those experiencing seizures are < 20 years old. Substances of abuse in adults and anticholinergic drugs (atropine) in children were identified as the main cause of hallucinations. Seizures were most likely provoked by self-harm with ingestion of multiple agents or antidepressants in patients >40 years, whereas substances of abuse are the most common agents in younger patients >16 years old. ER  - 
What has changed in the utility of pediatric EEG over the last decade?$$$ Background/aim: We evaluated the utility of electroencephalography (EEG) in children with neurological conditions and compared the results with those of our previous study on excessive uses of pediatric EEG, which was published in 2003. We also evaluated the possibility of subsequent EEGs and satisfactory duration of EEG recordings according to EEG type and admission status. We also evaluated the yield of varying durations of EEG recordings. Materials and methods: All consecutive pediatric EEG records performed at Gazi University EEG laboratory during a 1-year period were retrospectively reviewed. The indications of EEGs, the number of EEGs for each patient, condition and duration of EEG records, and activation techniques were evaluated in terms of detection of abnormalities by EEG. Results: We reviewed a total of 2045 EEGs in children aged 2 months–20 years. Of these, 776 were repeat EEGs (38%) and 485 recordings were ≥30 min (23.7%); 98% of EEG abnormalities appeared in the first 30 min. Overall, 90.5% of EEGs were ordered by a pediatric neurologist. There were similar requests for numbers of EEGs, but the rate of abnormal EEGs (43.6%) was significantly higher when compared to that of our previous study (36.2%). Conclusion: The results of this study show that the utility of EEG becomes more selective and interpretation of pediatric EEG improves depending on the increasing number of pediatric neurologists. A duration of 20–30 min of EEG recording is sufficient, on the condition of inclusion of nREM sleep records. ER  - 
Acute medication use and overuse in patients with migraine$$$ Purpose Current evidence-based guidelines for treatment of migraine recommend individualized pharmacological management of acute attacks in addition to preventive intervention as warranted. Overuse of medications intended for acute or symptomatic treatment of migraine may be associated with medication overuse headache and/or progression from episodic to chronic migraine. The purpose of this analysis is to describe acute medication use in migraine patients and specifically the frequency of overuse based on number of scripts and days of therapy (DOT) data. In addition, this study reports acute medication use in patients on preventive therapy and those not on preventive therapy. Methods This study was a retrospective, observational, cross-sectional study using the Truven Marketscan Commercial and MedicareSupplemental administrative claims database. Patients 18 years and older with continuous medical and prescription enrollment during the 2016 calendar year who had at least one migraine diagnosis (ICD-9: 346.xx; ICD-10: G43.0-G43.9∗) during the 2016 calendar year (1/1/2016-12/31/2016) were selected. Additionally, to ensure prevalent migraine on Jan 1, 2016, at least one additional migraine diagnosis occurring any time before the 2016 calendar year was required. Patients were excluded if they had ICD-9/10 codes for HIV, cancer, cluster headache, or epilepsy. Descriptive analyses were conducted to evaluate prescription acute medication use including DOT and number of claims during the 2016 calendar year. Frequency of acute medication overuse was assessed. Acute medication overuse was defined as 120+ triptan DOT in a year; 96+ DOT of opioids per year, or barbiturates 60+ DOT per year. Overuse of NSAIDS/acetaminophen was not reported due to over-the-counter use that cannot be evaluated in claims data. Results The cohort included 216,674 patients with prevalent migraine (mean age 44.3 years; 85.9% female; 101,111 on preventives; 115,536 not on preventives). During the 2016 calendar year, the majority of patients had at least one claim for an acute medication (83.5%). Almost half had a claim for triptans (49.7%) and 46.9%, 44.3% and 14.2% had a claim for opioids, NSAIDS/acetaminophen, and barbiturates, respectively. Of the patients with a claim for at least one acute medication, the average acute medication DOT for 2016 was 116 days (31.8% of 2016 days covered with acute medication). Of those with at least one DOT, average DOT for triptans was 99 days, 67 days for opioids, 60 days for NSAIDs/acetaminophen, and 58 days for barbiturates. Of those with at least one script of each respective class, the mean (± SD) number of scripts in the calendar year was 4.75 ± 4.84 for triptans, 5.11 ± 6.64 for opioids, 2.98 ± 3.11 for NSAIDs/acetaminophen and 3.99 ± 4.94 for barbiturates. About 15.7% of the entire cohort had overused triptan therapy over the study period. Additionally, 9.7% had overused opioids and 3.8% had overused barbiturates. Out of those who had at least one DOT of triptans, 31.5% had overused the medication. Similarly, out of those with at least one DOT of opioid use, 20.7% had overused the medication and out of those with at least one DOT of barbiturates, 27% had overused the medication. Conclusions The majority of patients with migraine had at least one claim for an acute medication and a subset of patients appeared to have overused triptans, opioids, or barbiturates during the study period. Effective treatment options that can help to reduce acute medication use are needed in the management of patients with migraine. Understanding current utilization and overuse of acute medications among patients with migraine will better inform potential interventions to improve patient care and outcomes. ER  - 
Calcified neurocysticercosis and headache in an endemic village: A case-control study nested to a population-based cohort$$$ Headache in patients with calcified neurocysticercosis (NCC) is probably common but has been largely overlooked. We aimed to assess the presence, characteristics, and diagnosis of headache across patients with calcified NCC and their matched controls. In this case-control study nested to a population-based cohort, Atahualpa residents aged ≥ 20 years with calcified NCC were identifiedas case patients and paired 1:1 to age- and gender-matched randomly selected controls. A culturally adapted questionnaire was derived from the EUROLIGHT. Headache diagnosis was established according to the International Classification of Headache Disorders, 3rd edition. Conditional logistic regression models for matched paired data were fitted to assess the independent association between calcified NCC (as the exposure) and headache variables, after adjusting for education, alcohol intake, depression, and epilepsy. The selection process generated 106 case patients and their matched controls. Lifetime headache prevalence (odds ratio [OR]: 4.18; 95% Confidence Interval [CI]: 1.79-9.75; P = 0.001), current headaches (OR: 4.19; 95% CI: 1.92-9.16; P < 0.001), and intense headaches (OR: 9.47; 95% CI: 2.88-31.19; P < 0.001) were more frequent among cases than in controls. In addition, migraine (but not other forms of headache) was more frequent among subjects with calcified NCC (OR: 4.89; 95% CI: 2.36-11.39; P < 0.001). This study shows a robust epidemiological association between headache - particularly migraine - and calcified NCC. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in Japan: Trends in prevalence, delay in diagnosis, and frequency of hospital visits$$$ Purpose: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are psychogenic disorders that often resemble epileptic seizures. Herein, we describe the recent clinical trends of PNES by using the data from a large, claims-based Japanese database obtained from the Japan Medical Data Center. Methods: A 10-year epidemiological study of patients of all ages with newly diagnosed PNES was conducted. Data were extracted using the International Classification of Diseases 10th Revision (ICD-10) diagnostic codes. Prevalence in new epilepsy patients and period of the diagnostic delay of PNES after epilepsy diagnosis were retrieved from the data. The study endpoint was change in frequency of hospital visits. Data of 413 patients with PNES were retrieved using the criterion of “PNES diagnosis after epilepsy diagnosis.” Results: The higliest PNES prevalence in new epilepsy patients was observed in the 40-49 year age group (4.3%) for males, and in the 30-39 age group (4.9%) for females. The ratio of the prevalence in males to that in females was 1:2 for 0-9, 10-19. and >60 age groups. and 1:1 for the other age groups. A significant and positive correlation was found between the frequency of hospital visits and duration of the diagnostic delay of PNES. After PNES diagnosis, the average number of monthly hospital visits decrea sed over time. Discussion: The differences in the duration of diagnostic delay of PNES among cases and also a decrea se in the frequency of hospital visits after PNES diagnosis highlight the importance of early differentiation between epilepsy and PNES. ER  - 
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting state network targeting for treatment-resistant depression in TBI$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has demonstrated antidepressant efficacy, but has limited evidence in depression associated with traumatic brain injury (TBI). Here, we investigate the use of rTMS targeted with individualized resting-state network mapping (RSNM) of dorsal attention network (DAN) and default mode network (DMN) in subjects with treatment-resistant depression associated with TBI. Methods: 14 Subjects with treatment-resistant depression and prior concussive or moderate TBI received resting-state fMRI scans with individual-level RSNM. Subjects were randomized to 20 sessions of bilateral rTMS (4000 left-sided excitatory pulses, 1000 right-sided inhibitory pulses) or sham. Treatment was targeted to the dorsolateral prefrontal cluster with maximal difference between DAN and DMN correlations. The primary outcome was Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Results: Mean MADRS improvement was 56%±14% (n = 9) with active treatment and 27%±25% (n = 5) with sham (Cohen's d = 1.43). One subject randomized to sham withdrew prior to starting treatment. There were no seizures or other significant adverse events. Antidepressant efficacy was inversely correlated with functional connectivity between the right-sided stimulation site and the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (r=-0.68, 95% CI 0.03±0.925). Treatment led to significant increase in DMN-sgACC connectivity (standardized b effect size = 1.2, 95% CI [0.1,2.3]), left stimulation site-sgACC anticorrelation (b = -1.0 [-1.9,-0.1]), and interhemispheric stimulation site connectivity (b = 1.2 [0.1,2.3]). Antidepressant response further covaried with changes in DMN-sgACC connectivity (b = 1.7 [0.4,3.0]), within-sgACC connectivity (b = 1.4 [0.1,2.7]), left stimulation site anti-correlation with sgACC (b = -1.8 [-3.0,-0.7]), connectivity within the left stimulation site (b = 1.4 [0.02,2.9]), connectivity within the right stimulation site (b = 1.6 [0.2,2.9]), and interhemispheric stimulation site connectivity (b = 1.7 [0.4,3.0]). Conclusions: This pilot study provides evidence that RSNMtargeted rTMS is feasible in TBI patients with depression. Given the dearth of existing evidence-based treatments for depression in this patient population, these preliminarily encouraging results indicate that larger controlled trials are warranted. ER  - 
Non-induced traumatic coma in children in northern region of Yemen causes and mortality$$$ Objective: To describe the causes of noninduced traumatic coma (CNIT) in children in Yemen and to report the morbidity and mortality of such presentations. Methods: Cross-sectional study over a period of three years. Files of 150 children aged between one month and 14 years admitted with CNIT to the pediatric unit of Al-Salam Hospital, Saddah, Yemen, from July 2012 to July 2015, were reviewed. History, presenting symptoms, clinical and laboratory data were collected. Etiology of coma was determined on the basis of clinical history and relevant investigations. The outcome was recorded as death or neurological condition at discharge defined as normal, mild or sever disability. Chi-square test was used to test differences in categorical variables. Results: Out of 8967 children admitted during the study period, 150 presented with coma giving an incidence rate of 1.67%. There were 87 (58%) boys and 63 (42%) girls. The mean ± SD age of patients was 2.7 ± 2.35 years. Systemic presentations including nausea, vomiting, fever, lethargy and poor feeding were more prominent in children < 2 years. Etiology of coma in 60% cases was CNS infection (viral encephalitis: 30, bacterial meningitis: 24, cerebral malaria: 18) ; other causes were: toxic-metabolic conditions (16%), status epilepticus (10%), congenital brain malformation, hydrocephalus with V-P shunt (3.4%), and unknown (8%). Ninety-nine children survived, 39 were normal, 14 had mild disability, 32 had moderate disability and 14 were severely disabled and dependent. Survival was significantly better in patients with CNS infection (73.4%) as compared to those with toxic-metabolic causes (37%) and poisoning/intoxication (25%). Conclusion: CNS infections and toxic metabolic origins were the most common causes of coma noninduced trauma (CNIT) in childhood. ER  - 
Practical experiences, assistance, and indications for intravenous magnesium therapy in internal medicine$$$ Question: Frequent requestsconcerning practical execution ofparenteral magnesium therapy areevidence of increasing interest in thistherapy. Materials and methods: Ourpresentation is based on over 1,200parenteral magnesium infusions in71 (43 f/29 m) patients 18-85 yearsof age. Retrospective analysis reveals21 main indications and a majornumber of overlapping symptoms/indications, which all where associatedwith documented magnesium depletion. Oral Mg therapy was precedingand concomitant in all cases-parenteral therapy was "add-on" to achievethe respective therapeutically aim:the reduction/improvement of symptoms associated with magnesiumdepletion. Results: Sequence of indications based on patient numbers:migraine 17 (migraine in pregnancy1); depression 14; tinnitus 7; psychophysical exhaustion 7; oncologicalconcomitant or follow-up therapy(rituximab, sunitinib, cisplatin nephropathy caused magnesium depletion) 6; polyneuropathy 5; chronicpain 3; panic syndrome 3; atrial fbrillation onset 2; and casuistic: epilepsia; fbromyalgia; alcohol dependence; myocardial failure, beginningdementia, Parkinson syndrome, anxiety syndrome, bronchial asthma exacerbation, bipolar disorder, diabetesmellitus, myalgia. Categorizing thetherapies by our setting importance: I)tumor concomitant or follow-up: n =365 infusions II) depression/exhaustion III) pain/neuropathy. In migraineand psychiatric patients complianceis often bad in spite of already positive evidence in controlled studies.Therapy results-naturally respecting the casuistic approach-where, incases of compliance, almost withoutexception positive. Procedure: Requirement for our approach was Mgdepletion in spite of oral Mg therapy.Pathophysiological and scientifc basis of each individual treatment approach where thoroughly discussedwith the patient and documented.With strict regard of the necessaryprecautions we had no relevant complications. Pretests: ECG, RR, HR,Lab: creatinine, Mg, Ca, K in serum.Exclusion criteria: AV-block, bradycardia, symptomatic hypotension,acute pulmonal congestion therapy:3.2 mmol Mg increasing stepwise to6.4 and 8 mmol Mg per day (= 4 mLof 10 mL ampule Mg sulfate IV 50%containing 20 mmol) each, add 100mL NaCl 0.9%. Preparation: Sterileprecautions. Infusion time 30-40minutes. Permanent survey by pulseoxymetry with alarm function andcontact with medical staff. Alternatively 5% glucose carrier is possible.Higher infusion volumes, namelyNaCl, should be avoided because ofhigh NaCl load. Particularly in patients with heart failure we reduceto smaller volume of 50 mL carriersolution. Higher magnesium dosageup to 10 mL per session in suitablepatients over accordingly prolongedinfusion time. More than this seemsnot suitable for this ambulant setting. Patients are instructed to sit upslowly, rest for 10 minutes, and bloodpressure is controlled before leaving.Parenteral Mg add-on therapy is, inour experience an underestimatedpositive therapy option for many indications of internal medicine. ER  - 
Phase IV study of retention on fingolimod versus injectable multiple sclerosis therapies: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Objective: In relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS), suboptimal adherence to injectable disease-modifying therapies (iDMTs; interferon β-1a/b, glatiramer acetate) is common, reducing their effectiveness. Patient retention on oral fingolimod and iDMTs was evaluated in PREFERMS, a randomized, parallel-group, active-controlled, open-label, 48-week study. Methods: Patients were included if they had RRMS, were aged 18–65 years and had Expanded Disability Status Scale score up to 6, enrolled at 117 US study sites, were treatment naïve or had received only one iDMT class. Patients were randomized 1:1 (fingolimod 0.5 mg/day; preselected iDMT) by interactive voice-and-web-response system without blinding, followed up quarterly, and allowed one study-approved treatment switch after 12 weeks, or earlier for efficacy or safety reasons. The primary outcome was patient retention on randomized treatment over 48 weeks. Secondary endpoints included patient-reported outcomes, brain volume loss (BVL), and cognitive function. Results: Analysis of 433/436 patients receiving fingolimod and 428/439 receiving iDMTs showed that patient retention rate was significantly higher with fingolimod than with iDMTs [352 (81.3%) versus 125 (29.2%); 95% confidence interval 46.4–57.8%; p < 0.0001]. The most common treatment switch was from iDMT to fingolimod for injection-related reasons. Patient satisfaction was greater and BVL less with fingolimod than with iDMTs, with no difference in cognitive function. Adverse events were consistent with established tolerability profiles for each treatment. Conclusions: In RRMS, fingolimod was associated with better treatment retention, patient satisfaction and BVL outcomes than iDMTs. Patients may persist with iDMTs, but many may switch treatment if permitted. Treatment satisfaction fosters adherence, a prerequisite for optimal outcomes. ER  - 
Thalamic atrophy and mood changes in childhood-onset systemic lupus erythematous (CSLE)$$$ Background: The thalamus is a neuroanatomic structure that performs many connections with the cerebral cortex and limbic structures. It is associated with sensorial, motor, emotional and motivational processes. In cSLE, the casualty and the diversity of neuropsychiatric symptoms are not fully established. The objective of this work is to evaluate the existence of structural changes in thalamus and its relation to depression, anxiety, and cognitive impairment in cSLE. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, a total of 72 patients were selected with diagnostic of cSLE. The control group was composed of 27 healthy people, age and sex matched. All patients and the control group were submitted to magnetic resonance imaging. The thalamus was segmented using software “Freesurfer”. Atrophy was defined when z-score ≤-2 standard deviations of the mean obtained from structures of the control individuals. Mood disorders were evaluated through Beck depression and anxiety index. The cognitive impairment was evaluated using Montreal Cognitive Assessment. Medical records were reviewed for clinical, immunological and treatment related variables. Statistical analyzes were performed according to the nature of the variables with p ≤0.05 statistically significant. Results and Conclusions: The thalamic volume was significantly smaller in cSLE than in controls (p≤0,001). Thalamic atrophy was observed in 18 (25%) and 1 (3.7%) (p<0.05). Thalamic atrophy was associated with anxiety (p=0.047) and history of seizures (p=0.002). A correlation between thalamic volume and cognitive evaluation scores was observed (p=0.007;r=0.364). No association between thalamic volumes and autoantibodies and corticosteroid use was observed. We concluded that reduction in thalamic volume may contribute to neuropsychiatric manifestation, requiring further investigations. ER  - 
Clinical manifestations and treatment of methamphetamine toxicity in children$$$ Background: Methamphetamine exposure is a common cause of stimulant toxicity in pediatric patients in the Phoenix metropolitan area. Our experience is that clinical signs of pediatric methamphetamine toxicity, including repetitive stereotypical movements, may be refractory to initial benzodiazepine therapy yet respond well to dopamine antagonists. There is little in the medical literature addressing the use of antipsychotics in the management of pediatric patients with sympathomimetic toxicity. Some authors caution against their use citing concern for adverse effects but offer little quantification of this risk. The aim of this study was to describe clinical manifestations and treatment of methamphetamine toxicity in pediatric patients including use of antipsychotics. Methods: This is a retrospective review of patients age >2 months and ≤18 years admitted to a single tertiary care children's hospital with ICD-9 or ICD-10 codes suggestive of stimulant exposure between September 1, 2010 and July 31, 2017. Patients with clinical manifestations of sympathomimetic toxicity (defined as one of the following: hyperthermia >38 °C, tachycardia, hypertension, agitation, rhabdomyolysis (CK>1000 IU/l), mydriasis or seizure) and confirmation of methamphetamine/amphetamine identified on comprehensive urine drug testing via GC/MS were included. Occurrence of complications after receiving antipsychotics, specifically hyperthermia, seizures, dystonic reactions, QTc prolongation >440ms and Torsade de Pointes (TdP), were determined. Continuous variables were reported as medians and IQRs and categorical variables as percentages. Continuous variables were compared using Mann-Whitney U tests, and categorical variables were compared using Fisher exact tests. Results: Seventy-nine patients were included. Route, nature and source of exposure are shown in Table 1. Clinical manifestations and presenting neurologic examination are summarized in Tables 2 and 3, respectively. Median length of stay (LOS) was 45.4 (23.0-71.0) h. Patient disposition was as follows: 67.9% (53/78) discharged home, 16.7% (13/78) to inpatient psychiatry, 15.4% (12/ 78) other (i.e. child protective services custody), and no patients died. The most common treatments used were IVFs (96.1%) and benzodiazepines (77.9%). Antipsychotics were administered to 41% (32/78) of patients, with haloperidol being used in the vast majority 97% (31/32). No patients developed seizures, dystonia, TdP or required cooling after antipsychotic administration. QTc prolongation was noted in 38.6% of all patients with a median (IQR) QTc of 460 (448-475)ms. Of 5 patients with an EKG/rhythm strip after antipsychotics, two had QTc prolongation: one 442ms and the other, 478 ms. In subgroup analysis, abnormal motor activity was more prevalent in the youngest group (<3 years) at 73.2% versus 16.2% in the oldest group (12-18 years) (p<01). Antipsychotics were administered more often in the youngest group (47.6%) compared to the oldest group (20.8%) (p=.038). Conclusions: This population of children with methamphetamine toxicity displayed many typical clinical manifestations of sympathomimetic toxicity with tachycardia (93.4%), hypertension (85.7%), agitation (79.7%) and abnormal motor activity (55.8%) occurring frequently. While we continue to use supportive care and benzodiazepines as first line therapy, antipsychotics are valuable adjuncts in the treatment of methamphetamine toxicity and were used without any adverse effects. Clinicians should consider antipsychotics in the treatment of methamphetamine toxicity in children. ER  - 
Association of ingested dose of diphenhydramine and QRS widening in acute overdose$$$ Background: Diphenhydramine (DPH) is frequently misused and ingested recreationally for its sedative-hypnotic effects. This widely available and frequently used over-the-counter antihistamine is commonly involved in fatal poisonings, either in isolation or in combination with other xenobiotics. There is little existing literature regarding the dose-dependent toxicity of DPH, especially with regard to DPH-associated cardiotoxicity, manifesting as dysrhythmias and conduction abnormalities. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to determine the dose-dependent toxicity of diphenhydramine in overdose. Our primary objective was to compare the rate and severity of ECG disturbances (QRS widening, QTc prolongation) with reports of ingested DPH dose. We also wanted to compare other serious clinical effects (seizures, hallucinations, agitation) with ECG disturbances and estimated ingested dose. Methods: This was a 10-year retrospective observational case series of adult and pediatric diphenhydramine monointoxications treated at one academic medical institution. A single poison center database was queried using the search terms and product substance codes “diphenhydramine” and “Benadryl.” Exclusion criteria: History of co-ingestants, lack of a recorded ingested dose, and those not evaluated at the aforementioned medical institution. Detailed medical records were then obtained for each case. Data extracted included demographics, dose, clinical effects, including ECG disturbances, and patient outcome. Results: Forty-two cases of single-substance diphenhydramine exposures including 20 (47%) women and 22 (52%) men whose ages ranged from 23 months to 54 years. Ingested doses were between 175mg and 14,400mg (median: 625mg). The most frequently reported symptoms included tachycardia (64.2%, n=27), dry skin/mucous membranes (33.3%, n=14), confusion (23.8%, n=10), somnolence (21.1%, n=9), flushing (19%, n=8), and agitation (11.9%, n=5). Although symptoms developed over the whole range of reported doses, moderate and severe symptoms (agitation, confusion, hallucinations) did not occur with ingestions less than 175mg and seizures did not occur with ingestions less than 750mg. The median ingested dose in cases with a maximum QRS <100ms (n=32) and >100ms (n=10) was 625mg and 1200mg respectively. The median ingested dose in cases with a maximum QTc <460ms (n=23) and >460ms (n=19) was 550mg and 750mg respectively. Only one patient, who ingested 14 g, developed a QTc >500 ms. The median ingested dose in cases with a maximum heart rate <120 bpm (n=27) and >120 bpm (n=25) was 625mg and 750mg respectively. There was a linear relationship between ingested dose and QRS widening (Figure 1). Patients who ingested greater than 1500mg had increased cardiotoxicity versus those that ingested <1500 mg: rate of QRS >100ms =63% (n=5/8) versus 15% (n=5/34); QRS >120ms =40% (2/5) versus 0%. No patient that ingested less than 2000mg developed QRS >120ms. Sodium bicarbonate was administered in 5 cases, either as a bolus dose or infusion. There was no clear temporal relationship between sodium bicarbonate administration and QRS narrowing. All patients made a full recovery and there were no fatalities. Discussion: These data demonstrate a dose-dependent relationship between QRS widening and frequency of severe symptoms in DPH overdose. Conclusion: This data may aid in decision making and prognostication regarding severity of symptoms, including conduction disturbances, based on patients reported ingested DPH dose. ER  - 
Tuberous sclerosis complex: Clinical spectrum and epilepsy: A retrospective chart review study$$$ Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is an autosomal dominant genetic neurocutaneous disorder, with heterogeneous manifestations. We aimed to review the clinical presentation of TSC and its association with epilepsy among Saudi population. This was a retrospective chart review study of 88 patients diagnosed with TSC with or without epilepsy. In 38.6% of patients, symptoms began before 1 year of age. The most frequent initial manifestations of TSC were new onset of seizures (68.2%), skin manifestations (46.6%) and development delay (23.9%). During the evolution of the disease 65.9% had epilepsy, 17% facial angiofibromas, 13.6% Shagreen patch, 18.2% heart rhabdomyomas and 12.5% retinal hamartomas. The genetic study for TSC diagnosis was done for 44 patients, 42 (95,4%) of them were genetically confirmed, for whom 13 patients had TSC1 mutation (29.5%), 29 patients were carrying TSC2 gene mutation (65.9%), Genetic test for TSC 1 and TSC 2 were negative for 2 patients (4.5%) despite positive gene mutation in their relative with TSC. The most common manifestations were central nervous system (predominantly epilepsy) and dermatological manifestations. Most of the patients develop epilepsy with multiple seizure types. TSC 2 mutation is more common than TSC 1 mutation. ER  - 
An evaluation of headache and associated trigger factors in children$$$ Introduction: Headaches are a common symptom in children and adolescents that can negatively affect their quality of life. Children who have a headache, generally present to pediatric, and pediatric neurology outpatient clinics with an inability to maintain social activities and often are absent from school. This study aimed to determine the etiology and trigger factors of headaches and the sociodemographic characteristics of children with headaches. Materials and methods: The sample of 500 pediatric patients who presented with headaches to the pediatric neurology outpatient clinic of Tepecik Training and Research Hospital between 2004 and 2009, and who had complete file records, were retrospectively evaluated in this study. The headache classification of patients was performed in accordance with the criteria of the International Classification of Headache Disorders (ICHD-II, 2004). Results: The sample consisted of 500 patients in total including 299 females (59.8%) and 202 males (40.2%) between the ages of 2 and 14. The mean age of the patients recruited for the study was 11±2.7. The most common cause of headache in children was migraine (43%), followed by tension-type headache and sinusitis as the most common causes. The most common trigger factor in children was stress, at 66.4%. Other common trigger factors included hunger and sleep deprivation. Conclusion: A headache in children is a complaint that affects the quality of life both in children and parents, and raises concern that there might be a worse underlying condition. Therefore, imaging should be used in selected patients along with a detailed history and physical examination. Hence, it is important to use the updated ICHD criteria as a guide in clinical practices. ER  - 
Medically unexplained physical symptoms in hospitalized patients: A 9-year retrospective observational study$$$ Introduction: “Medically Unexplained Physical Symptoms” (MUPS) defines a subgroup of patients presenting physical symptoms of unclear origin. The study aims to profile clinical and socio-demographic characteristics of patients with MUPS. Materials and Methods: This 9-years observational retrospective study assesses all patients admitted between 2008 and 2016 in the divisions of neurology and gastroenterology. Socio-demographic and clinical variables were evaluated: gender, age, diagnosis or diagnostic hypothesis, presence of psychiatric comorbidities, psychiatric evaluation, pharmacological treatment, number of admissions/visits. Results: Among 2,479 neurological patients 10.1% presented MUPS. Patients were more frequently women (63.5%), with a mean age of about 50 years. Reported symptoms were headache (22.6%), seizures (8.7%), vertigo (5.9%), fibromyalgia (5.5%), paresthesia (5.1%), visual disturbances (5.1%), amnesia (3.9%). The diagnosis was somatoform disorder in 6.3% of cases, conversion disorder in 2.7%, and somatic symptom disorder in 1.5% only. 2,560 outpatients were evaluated in gastroenterology division. 9.6% (n = 248) of patients had MUPS; 62.1% of them were women. The most affected age group ranged between 15 and 45 years. The most frequent diagnoses were functional abdominal pain (50%), dysmotility-like dyspepsia (26.6%), irritable bowel syndrome (10.4%), meteorism of unknown cause (2.4%), hiccup (1.6%), burning mouth syndrome (1.2%). No patients received a diagnosis of somatic symptom disorder. Discussion: Patients with MUPS are more often women, of middle age, with self-referred specific symptomatology. While neurological patients received a diagnostic-therapeutic approach in line with the literature, gastroenterological patients mainly received antipsychotics. A more comprehensive assessment and a development of psychoeducational interventions are needed to improve patients' quality and quantity of life. ER  - 
Health diagnosis improvement in remote community health centers through telemedicine$$$ Information and communication technologies (ICTs) applied to the healthcare offer multiple advantages for diagnostic services and remote consultations. However, evidence on the diagnosis improvement in rural communities is limited. The usability of telemedicine to improve the coverage of diagnostic services in Paraguay was investigated. The goal of this descriptive study was to evaluate whether a telemedicine system implemented in remote public regional and district hospitals in Paraguay over a period of 3 years from 2014 to 2016 could facilitate the universal coverage of diagnostic services in rural communities. In the study period, 182,406 remote diagnoses from 54 hospitals through a telemedicine system were performed. Of the total, 37.31% (68,085) corresponded to tomography, 62.00% (113,059) to electrocardiogram (ECG), 0.68% (1243) to electroencephalogram (EEG), and 0.01% (19) to ultrasound (US). Tomography was performed in 12 hospitals: 54.4% corresponded to head injuries, 13.8% to chest, and the rest to other anatomical regions. ECG was carried out in 52 hospitals; and in 62.1% of the cases, the results were normal; 12.5% unspecified arrhythmias; and 10.4% sinus bradycardia among the most frequent pathologies. EEG diagnosis showed history of seizure (54.3%), evolutionary control (14.0%), and headache (11.5%) among the most frequent diagnoses. All 19 US studies corresponded to prenatal control. These results showed that telemedicine may enhance the diagnostic services in rural communities, thus reducing the number of referrals and optimizing human and financial resources. ER  - 
Parent-reported prevalence and persistence of 19 common child health conditions$$$ Objective: To estimate prevalence and persistence of 19 common paediatric conditions from infancy to 14-15 years. Design: Population-based prospective cohort study. Setting: Australia. Participants: Parallel cohorts assessed biennially from 2004 to 2014 from ages 0-1 and 4-5 years to 10-11 and 14-15 years, respectively, in the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children. Main outcome measures: 19 health conditions: 17 parent-reported, 2 (overweight/obesity, obesity) directly assessed. Two general measures: health status, special health care needs. Analysis: (1) prevalence estimated in 2-year age-bands and (2) persistence rates calculated at each subsequent time point for each condition among affected children. Results: 10 090 children participated in Wave 1 and 6717 in all waves. From age 2, more than 60% of children were experiencing at least one health condition at any age. Distinct prevalence patterns by age-bands comprised eight conditions that steadily rose (overweight/obesity, obesity, injury, anxiety/depression, frequent headaches, abdominal pain, autism spectrum disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder). Six conditions fell with age (eczema, sleep problems, day-wetting, soiling, constipation, recurrent tonsillitis), three remained stable (asthma, diabetes, epilepsy) and two peaked in mid-childhood (dental decay, recurrent ear infections). Conditions were more likely to persist if present for 2 years; persistence was especially high for obesity beyond 6-7 (91.3%-95.1% persisting at 14-15). Conclusions: Beyond infancy, most Australian children are experiencing at least one ongoing health condition at any given time. This study's age-specific estimates of prevalence and persistence should assist families and clinicians to plan care. Conditions showing little resolution (obesity, asthma, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder) require long-term planning and management. ER  - 
Adverse Events of Antiepileptic Drugs Using Indonesian Version of Liverpool Adverse Events Profile$$$ Introduction. Adverse events (AEs) associated with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) affect people with epilepsy's (PWE) quality of life. A study conducted in 15 European countries showed that the AEs prevalence of AEDs in PWE was up to 80%. To date, there are no validated screening instruments to detect AEs of AEDs in Indonesian PWE. Therefore its epidemiology is currently unknown. This study aimed to validate the Indonesian version of Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP), consequently increasing physicians' awareness toward the probability of AEs and its necessary evaluation. Furthermore, this study was intended to determine the AEs prevalence of AEDs in Indonesian PWE. Methods. The questionnaire was translated from English into Indonesian version. The validity and reliability were tested using Spearman correlation and Cronbach's alpha measurement. An observational cross-sectional study was carried out on consecutive PWE in outpatient clinic, Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital. We analyzed duration of epilepsy, onset of epilepsy, seizure frequency, type of epilepsy, etiology and epilepsy syndrome, number of AEDs, duration of AED use, and comorbidity. Results. All of the 19 items in the questionnaire were valid, with correlation coefficient ranging from 0.465 to 0.690 (moderate-strong correlation). Cronbach's alpha value was 0.846 (good consistency). The total of 90 subjects were enrolled with 91% screened as having AEs using LAEP questionnaire. The most common AEs were tiredness (67.8%), sleepiness (66.7%), memory problems (62.2%), and difficulty in concentrating (56.7%). The only clinical variable that influenced AEs was polytherapy. Conclusion. The Indonesian version of LAEP was a valid and reliable instrument to screen AE of AEDs in PWE. Almost all the subjects in this study were suspected having AEs. Polytherapy was the independent factor of AE. ER  - 
Mechanisms underlying aggressive behavior induced by antiepileptic drugs: Focus on topiramate, levetiracetam, and perampanel$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are effective against seizures, but their use is often limited by adverse effects, among them psychiatric and behavioral ones including aggressive behavior (AB). Knowledge of the incidence, risk factors, and the underlying mechanisms of AB induced by AEDs may help to facilitate management and reduce the risk of such side effects. The exact incidence of AB as an adverse effect of AEDs is difficult to estimate, but frequencies up to 16% have been reported. Primarily, levetiracetam (LEV), perampanel (PER), and topiramate (TPM), which have diverse mechanisms of action, have been associated with AB. Currently, there is no evidence for a specific pharmacological mechanism solely explaining the increased incidence of AB with LEV, PER, and TPM. Serotonin (5-HT) and GABA, and particularly glutamate (via the AMPA receptor), seem to play key roles. Other mechanisms involve hormones, epigenetics, and “alternative psychosis” and related phenomena. Increased individual susceptibility due to an underlying neurological and/or a mental health disorder may further explain why people with epilepsy are at an increased risk of AB when using AEDs. Remarkably, AB may occur with a delay of weeks or months after start of treatment. Information to patients, relatives, and caregivers, as well as sufficient clinical follow-up, is crucial, and there is a need for further research to understand the complex relationship between AED mechanisms of action and the induction/worsening of AB. ER  - 
Noninvasive cranial nerve stimulation for human cognitive performance enhancement$$$ Electrical stimulation of various cranial and spinal nerves is a rapidly growing area of study. Noninvasive approaches especially provide a safer, less expensive alternative to the pharmacological treatment of various psychological conditions. Specifically, vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) has been shown alleviate symptoms of major depressive disorder, trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS), epilepsy, and cervical spinal nerve stimulation (CNS), stress (Berry et al., 2013; DeGiorgio et al., 2013; Tyler et al., 2015). These stimulation sites are all believed to innervate the locus coeruleus-norepinephrine system (Berry et al., 2013). Taking into account the extensive role norepinephrine plays in various executive functions, these stimulation techniques should be able to affect executive functioning in healthy subjects as well (Sara, 2009). As such, our protocol seeks to elucidate the neuromodulatory effects of noninvasive cranial nerve stimulation on attention. A passive auditory oddball task was selected to measure attention. Subjects were instructed to listen to a series of 100 ms tones followed by 500 ms of silence. For each 600 ms trial, there was an 82% chance the tone would be at 750 Hz and an 18% chance it would be at 1,500 Hz. Tones were presented until 150 tones at 1,500 Hz were presented. Subjects were not required to physically or consciously respond to either type of tone. This task was created entirely with custom MATLAB (Natick, MA) software. CNS, TNS, and VNS were all delivered using a custom, current-controlled stimulator connected to 2.5 cm round Axelgaard PALS electrodes (Fallbrook, CA). Stimulation trains were delivered for 10 min between oddball tasks. Each train was symmetrically biphasic, charge-balanced, and cathodic-first. Subjects were randomly assigned to receive either CNS, TNS, or VNS at 30, 300, or 3,000 Hz with pulse durations of 50, 350, and 50 μs, respectively. After all testing, subjects completed a subjective report stimulation to describe the stimulation experience. Electroencephalography (EEG), electro-cardiography, galvanic skin response, respiratory rate, and hand temperature were all utilized to assess the physiological responses to stimulation. Data collection is ongoing. EEG data will be averaged across subjects for each stimulation location and parameter set and presented as voltage traces and spectrograms to examine effects in both time and frequency domains. Physiological data will be averaged similarly to EEG data. Subjects' subjective experiences will also be reported. ER  - 
The effectiveness of occupational, physical, and speech therapy home health care in early childhood$$$ Purpose: Across the United States, approximately 600,000 children with special health care needs received home health care over the last year. Intervention among patients in early childhood is incremental to improve developmental skills and minimize delays. Home health care provides a child the opportunity to thrive within their familiar and comfortable home environment while maximizing family-centered treatment. The primary purpose of this research was to assess therapeutic effectiveness of occupational (OT), physical (PT), and speech therapy (ST) home health services in early childhood. Methods: Retrospective chart review was used to identify home health patients under three years of age who had both an initial and repeat evaluation between October 1, 2014 and September 30, 2015. Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS Version 23.0 (IBM Corp, 2015). Demographic data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, including frequencies and distributions. Paired two-tailed t-tests were used to examine differences among test scores from initial evaluation to repeat evaluation. Cohen's d was used to examine effect size to derive conclusions regarding practical significance. Results were considered significant at p ≤ 0.05. Ordinal regression analyses were conducted to determine odds ratio. Results: A total of 351 patients receiving home health care therapy were included in the study. The sample was comprised of 15.4% OT (n = 54), 16.5% PT (n = 58), and 68.1% ST (n = 239) patients. The mean age across all disciplines was 23.9 months (SD = 8.6), with males representing 62.7% (n = 220) of the sample. Medical comorbidities were identified among 43% (n = 151) of patients, including the following: ADD/ADHD (n = 2, 1.3%), asthma (n = 34, 22.5%), autism (n = 12, 7.9%), cerebral palsy (n = 4, 2.6%), Down syndrome (n = 5, 3.3%), hearing deficit (n = 7, 4.6%), low vision (n = 8, 5.3%), premature birth (n = 58, 38.4%), seizures (n = 17, 11.3%), TBI (n = 4, 2.6%), and other (n = 42, 27.8%). Those patients presenting with at least one medical comorbidity also demonstrated a more severe developmental delay. Significant increases in standardized scores were seen across occupational, physical, and speech therapy services for fine motor, gross motor, and speech and language skills respectively. Conclusion: Pediatric home health therapy provided to patients in early childhood resulted in significant improvement across developmental skills addressed by occupational, physical, and speech therapy interventions. The current research has implications for pediatric therapy in the home setting. ER  - 
Bortezomib therapy for medically refractory anti-n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis$$$ Introduction To report the use of bortezomib for treatment refractory anti-NMDA encephalitis, and discuss the potential complications including polypharmacy, psychosis, autonomic instability leading to a prolonged hospitalization with subsequent intubation and NeuroICU management. Methods We reviewed clinical reports of our patient. We searched PubMed for literature, with the following search terms “autoimmune encephalitis” and “anti-NMDA encephalitis”. Results An 18-year old African American female with no prior past medical history, presented with seizures and rapidly progressive encephalopathy. Neural autoantibody testing was positive in serum for NMDA-IgG by cell based assay (CBA), and in CSF (titer of 128), confirming the diagnosis of NMDA-Receptor Antibody Autoimmune Encephalitis. Oncologic surveillance was negative for teratoma or other underlying neoplasm. Hospital course was complicated by increasing agitation, psychotic episodes, steroid-induced psychosis, dystonia, autonomic instability w/ PAID syndrome, leading to subsequent intubation and management in ICU. The patient received first line therapy with: IVIg, plasma exchange, steroids and rituximab 700mg weekly, given the lack of response and the persistent encephalopathy and respiratory failure, she ultimately was treated with four doses of bortezomib 2.3mg. After initiation of Bortezomib, the patient showed a remarkable recovery, allowing transfer to the floor and she was discharged on chronic immunosuppression therapy with an IVIg taper. Discharged on hospital day 72. She continued to improve from the cognitive standpoint at last follow up. Conclusions Our case illustrates the challenges of managing medical refractory autoimmune encephalitis including a prolonged hospitalization and ICU level of care requiring prolonged intubation and supportive care for management of psychosis and autonomic instability. The use of bortezomib was effective, safe and well tolerated and can be considered in immunotherapy refractory cases. A multidisciplinary approach with hematology is critical in these cases for use of this drug. Randomized controlled trials are necessary to identify the ideal therapeutic approach for the treatment of anti-NMDA encephalitis. ER  - 
Baclofen usage in patients with diminished kidney function$$$ Background: Baclofen, a muscle relaxant, is primarily excreted via the kidneys. As per pharmacy dosing guidelines, it is contraindicated in paients with eGFR <30cc/min and on dialysis. Methods: We examined all orders in 2017 for baclofen across 15 hospitals in two large health systems. For each order, we determined the dose and frequency ordered and whether a dose was actually administered. Renal function was determined using the CKDEPI equation based upon the most proximate serum creatinine at the time of the baclofen order. Presence of dialysis was based upon any order for HD or PD placed during the same visit within 7 days prior to baclofen order. The physician notes were then reviewed from the start date of baclofen administration-2 days after it was discontinued to see if any new neurological symptoms arose (headache, dizziness, weakness, nausea, vomiting, seizures, lethargy, hallucinations, agitation) Results: Over 2652 unique orders were placed for baclofen in one health system informatics records. 131 orders were in patients with eGFR <30cc/min (4.9%), 93 (71%) resulted in at least one dose administered to the patient. Similar baclofen usage was seen at second institution with 1182 inpatient unique orders with 95 occurring in patients with eGFR <30cc/min (8%). 86% of the orders were NOT PRN orders, while remaining were PRN orders. Muscle spasms and hiccups were the indications for PRN orders. 46% of the patients-females; 58% -white vs 18% AA; 20% patients were ESKD on dialysis; 8% were incident dialysis patients (required initiation of HD this admission). Most baclofen orders were written by internal medicine (84%) services followed by surgical (7%) and others (4%). 80% of the orders were written by either attendings (50%) or residents (50%), and the remaining 20% by NP/PAs. 42% of the orders led to neurological symptoms findings. Conclusions: Baclofen was ordered in 5-8% of patients with significantly impaired kidney function. Most baclofen orders were standing medications rather than PRN, and were ordered at high doses, increasing the toxicity risk. A significant percentage of the orders were written by internal medicine physicians. This study highlights the need for an urgent education of renal clearance of several medications such as baclofen to prescribing staff & pharmacists. ER  - 
Psychopharmacological treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder comorbidity in ASD$$$ Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are neurodevelopmental disorders. ASD is characterized by impairments in communication and social reciprocity and stereotypic and/or repetitive behaviours. ADHD, the most common psychiatric disorder diagnosed in childhood, is characterized by symptoms of inattention, impulsivity, and/or hyperactivity beyond what would be expected for the developmental level. Despite these main symptom differences, between 30% and 50% of individuals diagnosed with ASD also exhibit elevated levels of ADHD symptoms. These behaviours may be related to comorbid attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) or to other factors that affect function in children with ASD (e.g. overarousal, anxiety). If the behaviours do not improve with environmental or behavioural interventions, they may respond to pharmacotherapy [1]. Psychostimulant medications: Methylphenidate appears to improve symptoms of hyperactivity and inattention in children with ASD, but the response to methylphenidate is lower in children with ASD than it is in children with isolated ADHD. In the largest crossover trial, approximately 50% of children with ASD responded to methylphenidate; the effect size ranged from 0.20 to 0.54, depending upon dose and rater, with greater improvement at higher doses [1,2]. Studies of amphetamines in the treatment of attentional symptoms in children with ASD are lacking. It is not clear that the results from trials of methylphenidate can be generalized to amphetamines [2]. Non-psychostimulant medications: Studies of atomoxetine for symptoms of hyperactivity and inattention in children with ASD are limited. Randomized crossover trials suggested some improvement in hyperactivity-impulsivity symptoms compared with placebo. However, as with methylphenidate, the overall effect size for atomoxetine in children with ASD and symptoms of ADHD is smaller than for children with ADHD without ASD [2,3]. Studies of alpha-2-adrenergic agonists are limited, and sample sizes are small. Some studies show that guanfacine and clonidine are effective in reducing hyperactivity, inattention, and irritability symptoms [1,2]. Other drugs that may be beneficial for symptoms of hyperactivity and inattention in children with ASD include risperidone and antiseizure drugs. The use of risperidone for symptoms of hyperactivity in children with ASD is supported by open-label and randomized controlled trials. The evidence for antiseizure agents is limited to small, open-label, or observational studies [2]. In conclusion, researches generally support the use of psychopharmacological treatments for reducing impairing ADHD symptoms in individuals with ASD. But further studies are needed to increase understanding of the effectiveness and about clinical practice.. ER  - 
Clinical importance of anticholinergic adverse effects in elderly$$$ The use of anticholinergic drugs in the elderly is around 50%. Among users, the rate of those with severe anticholinergic burden (total score ≥3) is as high as 30%. Side effects of anticholinergics are classified as slight, moderate, and severe as follows: Slight side effects include diminished perspiration, mild dilation in pupils, difficulty in urination, tiredness, somnolence and dizziness, mild memory problems, and concentration difficulty. Moderate side effects include tachycardia/ palpitations, mydriasis/vision disorders, blurred vision, constipation, restlessness, confusion, and memory disorders. Severe side effects include difficulties in chewing, swallowing and speaking, malnutrition, respiratory tract infections, paralytic ileus/faecal impact, urinary retention/urinary infections, tachyarrhythmia, congestive heart failure, agitation, disorientation, hallucinations, ataxia, hyperreflexia, and seizures. Side effects can lead to adverse outcomes associated with ageing. These include cognitive impairment, delirium, functional impairment, falls, and mortality. Cognitive impairment: Cognitive impairment and dementia due to anticholinergics are more likely to occur in patients over 80 years of age, with multiple comorbidities (>2) and psychiatric illness. A possible reduction in the effect of cholinesterase inhibitors used in patients with dementia using anticholinergics may be seen. In addition, anticholinergics in Alzheimer patients also trigger the onset of psychosis. In elderly individuals and dementia patients, anticholinergic burden should be kept at minimum or eliminated. Alternative applications and drugs (especially those not crossing the blood-brain barrier) should be tried instead of anticholinergics. Delirium: As known, delirium is a syndrome that is often overlooked in the elderly, untreated, and has high morbidity and mortality risk. Drugs are the cause of 12-39% of delirium cases in the elderly. Anticholinergics-induced delirium may be present as a hypoactive or hyperactive type. In studies investigating the relation between anticholinergics and delirium in the elderly, the results are inconsistent due to existing many confounding factors and different measurement methods. Falls: Due to carelessness of the individual, it is called falling in order to become immobile below the level that you are in. Fall is a common condition in old age. Anticholinergics are preparing for falling due to weakness, fatigue, confusion, blurred vision, and cognitive impairment, incontinence and functional impairment, which are side effects specific to ageing. It has been reported that the use of anticholinergics increases the risk of falling in community dwelling and hospitalized elderly. Physical performance and functionality: Advanced age and decrease in acetylcholine levels are the main reasons for negatively affecting function. Anticholinergics disturb functionalism (basic and instrumental activities) in the elderly by central and peripheral side effects such as confusion, dyskinesia, lethargy, insomnia, dizziness, headache, nausea, vomiting, diplopia, mydriasis, and cycloplegia. This situation is even more serious if there are polypharmacy and high anticholinergic burden. Mortality: There are no randomized controlled trials that could provide risky populations as well as observational studies on the effects of anticholinergics on mortality in the elderly. The results of the studies so far vary, but it is thought that the risk of mortality may be increased in patients on anticholinergics, particularly those with advanced age, frailty, cardiovascular diseases. Conclusions: Side effects of anticholinergics are more frequent and more serious in the elderly. Anticholinergics may increase functional and cognitive impairment, morbidity and mortality in the elderly. The relationship seems likely to be based on the pharmacologic properties of the drugs.. ER  - 
Nitrated nucleosome levels and neuropsychiatric events in systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ a multi-center retrospective case-control study; Background: In patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) there is no serological test that will reliably distinguish neuropsychiatric (NP) events due to active SLE from those due to other causes. Previously we showed that serum levels of nitrated nucleosomes (NN) were elevated in a small number of patients with NPSLE. Here we measured serum NN in samples from a larger population of patients with SLE and NP events to see whether elevated serum NN could be a marker for NPSLE. Methods: We obtained serum samples from patients in the Systemic Lupus International Collaborative Clinics (SLICC) inception cohort. This included 216 patients with NP events and two matched controls with SLE but no NP events for each of these patients. For the NP patients we tested samples taken before, during and after the NP event. Results: Twenty-six patients had events attributed to SLE according to the most stringent SLICC attribution rule. In these patients there was no association between onset of event and elevated serum NN. In 190 patients in whom events were not attributed to SLE by the SLICC rules, median serum NN was elevated at the onset of event (P = 0.006). The predominant clinical features in this group of 190 patients were headache, mood disorders and anxiety. Conclusions: Serum NN levels rise at the time of an NP event in a proportion of patients with SLE. Further studies are needed to determine the value of serum NN as a biomarker for NPSLE. ER  - 
The burden of severely drug-refractory epilepsy: A comparative longitudinal evaluation of mortality, morbidity, resource use, and cost using German health insurance data$$$ Purpose: To evaluate long-term outcome of three years and treatment patterns of patients suffering from severely drug-refractory epilepsy (SDRE). Methods: This analysis was population-based and retrospective, with data collected from four million individuals insured by statutory German health insurance. ICD-10 codes for epilepsy (G40*) and intake of anticonvulsants were used to identify prevalent cases, which were then compared with a matched cohort drawn from the population at large. Insurance data were available from 2008 to 2013. Any patient who had been prescribed with at least four different antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in an 18-month period was defined as an SDRE case. Results: A total of 769 patients with SDRE were identified. Of these, 19% were children and adolescents; the overall mean age was 42.3 years, 45.4% were female and 54.6% male. An average of 2.7 AEDs per patient was prescribed during the first follow-up year. The AEDs most commonly prescribed were: levetiracetam (53.5%), lamotrigine (41.4%), valproate (41.3%), lacosamide (20.4%), and topiramate (17.8%). During 3-year follow-up, there was an annual rate of hospitalization in the range 42.7 to 55%, which was significantly higher than the 11.6-12.8% (p < 0.001) for the matched controls. Admissions to hospital because of epilepsy ranged between 1.7 and 1.9 per year, with an average duration for each epilepsy-caused hospitalization of 10-11.1 days. The number of comorbidities for SDRE patients was significantly increased compared with the matched controls: depression (28% against 10%), vascular disorders (22% against 5%), and injury rates were also higher (head 16% against 3%, trunk and limbs 16% against 8%). The 3-year mortality rate for SDRE patients was 14% against 2.1% in the matched cohort. Conclusion: SDRE patients are treated with AED polytherapy for all of the 3-year follow-up period. They are hospitalized more frequently than the general population and show increased morbidity levels and a sevenfold increase in mortality rate over 3 years. Further examination is required of ways in which new approaches to treatment could lead to better outcomes in severely affected patients. ER  - 
Postoperative neoadjuvant temozolomide before radiotherapy versus standard radiotherapy in patients 60 years or younger with anaplastic astrocytoma or glioblastoma: a randomized trial$$$ Introduction: A pilot study of temozolomide (TMZ) given before radiotherapy (RT) for anaplastic astrocytoma (AA) and glioblastoma (GBM) resulted in prolonged survival compared to historical controls receiving RT alone. We therefore investigated neoadjuvant TMZ (NeoTMZ) in a randomized trial. During enrollment, concomitant and adjuvant radio-chemotherapy with TMZ became standard treatment. The trial was amended to include concurrent TMZ. Patients and methods: Patients, after surgery for GBM or AA, age ≤60 years and performance status (PS) 0–2, were randomized to either 2–3 cycles of TMZ, 200 mg/m2 days 1–5 every 28 days, followed by RT 60 Gy in 30 fractions or RT only. Patients without progressive disease after two TMZ cycles, received the third cycle. From March 2005, TMZ 75 mg/m2 was administered daily concomitant with RT. TMZ was recommended first-line treatment at progression. Primary endpoint was overall survival and secondary safety. Results: The study closed prematurely after enrolling 144 patients, 103 with GBM and 41 with AA. Median age was 53 years (range 24–60) and 89 (62%) were male. PS was 0–1 for 133 (92%) patients, 53 (37%) had complete surgical resection and 18 (12%) biopsy. Ninety-two (64%) received TMZ concomitant with RT. Seventy-two (50%) were randomized to neoadjuvant treatment. For the overall study population survival was 20.3 months for RT and 17.7 months for NeoTMZ (p =.76), this not reaching the primary objective. For the preplanned subgroup analysis, we found that NeoTMZ AA patients had a median survival of 95.1 months compared to 35.2 months for RT (p =.022). For patients with GBM, no difference in survival was observed (p =.10). MGMT and IDH status affected outcome. Conclusions: No advantage of NeoTMZ was noted for the overall study population or subgroup of GBM, while NeoTMZ resulted in 5 years longer median survival for patients diagnosed as AA. ER  - 
Predictors of In-hospital complications in patients of posterior circulation ischemic strokes a study from a tertiary care centre in Eastern India$$$ In-hospital complications (neurological and medical) occurring after acute stroke are important prognostic factor dictating the final outcome. So anticipating these complications at the time of admission can enhance surveillance and lead to preventive and timely therapeutic measures improving the outcome in stroke patients. So this study was done to determine the factors predicting in-hospital complications in patients of posterior circulation strokes. This study was aimed to determine the factors that could predict in-hospital complications in patients of posterior circulation strokes. This prospective study included all patients of posterior circulation ischemic strokes admitted in a tertiary care centre in Eastern India over a one year period (n=76). Neurological & medical complications (NMC) included neurological deterioration [ie, worsening by 4 points or more of the National Institute of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score during the hospital stay] and all other medical complications that the patients developed during their hospital stay prior to their discharge or in-hospital mortality. In 30.3% of patients with ischemic stroke developed NMC. Patients who experienced NMC had a higher mean baseline NIHSS score at admission (6.4 versus 4.2,P 0.01).Patients having diabetes as a risk factor had significantly higher rates of complications. In hospital complications were significantly higher in patients having cardio-embolism as the stroke mechanism and in those having infarcts in the distal territory of posterior circulation (distal to and including Superior Cerebeliar Artery (SCA) territory). 30-day mortality and 6 month outcome was significantly poor in patients having complications. Higher NIHSS score (4), diabetes as a risk factor, cardio-embolism as the stroke mechanism and distal territory infarcts (distal to and including SCA territory)were significant predictors of NMC in patients of posterior circulation strokes which ultimately dictated the 30-day mortality and 6 month outcome. The clinical significance of these findings requires further evaluation in larger prospective studies. ER  - 
Frequency and causes of hypotonia in neonatal period with the gestational age of more than 36 weeks in NICU of Mofid children hospital, Tehran, Iran during 2012-2014$$$ Objective Hypotonia is a serious neurologic problem in neonatal period. Although hypotonia is a nonspecific clinical finding but it is the most common motor disorder in the newborn. The objective of this study was to determine the frequency of neonatal hypotonia then to ascertain of the most common causes. Materials & Methods This cross-sectional prospective study was carried out on the 3281 term infants hospitalized in conventional and NICU of Mofid Children Hospital, Tehran, Iran during 2012-2014. Diagnosis was made by history, physical & neurological examination and accessible diagnostic tests. Results Fifty nine hypotonic neonates were identified, forty seven (79.66%) had central hypotonia (Hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (n= 2), other causes of encephalopathy (n=2), intracranial hemorrhage (n=4), CNS abnormalities (n= 7), chromosomal disorders (n=4), syndromic–nonsyndromic (n=8), and metabolic diseases (n=8). Peripheral hypotonic recognized in 6 infants (10.17%); spinal muscular atrophy (n= 1), and myopathy (n= 5). Six cases (10.17%) remained unclassified. Twelve infants had transient hypotonia. In final study, 18 of 59 infants (30%) died, nearly 90% before one year of age. Twenty-eight (47%) infants found developmental disorders and only 13 (22%) infants achieved normal development in their follow up. Conclusion Neonatal hypotonia is a common event in neonatal period. A majority of diagnosis is obtained by history and physical examination. Neuroimaging, genetic and metabolic tests were also important in diagnosis. Genetic, syndromic–nonsyndromic, and metabolic disorders were the most causes of neonatal hypotonia. ER  - 
Non-persistence with antiplatelet therapy in elderly patients after a transient ischemic attack$$$ Background: Antiplatelet therapy following a transient ischemic attack (TIA) constitutes an important secondary prevention measure. Aims: The study was aimed at evaluating the development of non-persistence with antiplatelet therapy in elderly patients after a TIA and identifying patient-related characteristics associated with the probability of non-persistence during the follow-up period. Methods: The study cohort (n = 854) was selected from the database of the largest health insurance provider of the Slovak Republic. It included patients aged ≥65 years, in whom antiplatelet medication was initiated following a TIA diagnosis during the period between 1 January 2010 and 31 December 2010. Each patient was followed for a period of 3 years from the date of the first antiplatelet medication prescription associated with TIA diagnosis. Patients in whom there was a treatment gap of at least 6 months without antiplatelet medication prescription were defined as “non-persistent”. The factors predicting non-persistence were identified in the Cox proportional hazards model. Results: At the end of the follow-up period, 345 (40.4%) patients were non-persistent with antiplatelet medication. Protective factors decreasing a patient´s likelihood of becoming non-persistent were age ≥75 years [hazard ratio (HR) = 0.75], polypharmacy (concurrent use of ≥6 drugs) (HR = 0.79), arterial hypertension (HR = 0.68), diabetes mellitus (HR = 0.74), hypercholesterolemia (HR = 0.75), and antiplatelet medication switching during the follow-up period (HR = 0.73). Conclusions: It is concluded that following a TIA, elderly patients aged <75 years or those with normal serum cholesterol levels, without certain comorbid conditions and polypharmacy may benefit from special counselling to encourage persistence with secondary preventive medication. ER  - 
Use of physical restraints among patients with bipolar disorder in Ethiopian Mental Specialized Hospital, outpatient department: cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Even though United Nation announced that all persons with a mental illness shall be treated with humanity and respect for the inherent dignity of the human being, up to now, the use of coercion (physical restrain) is still considered as unavoidable in managing abnormal behavior of psychiatric patients. But, there is no information regarding the magnitude and contributing factors of physical restrain among bipolar patients in low-income countries like Ethiopia. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted at Amanuel Mental Specialized Hospital from May 1 to June 1, 2015 among 400 participants who were selected by systematic random sampling technique. Data were collected by interviewing; adjusted odd ratios (AOR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were used and p value <0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Results: The prevalence of physical restrain was 65%. Factors like, having two or more episodes [AOR = 1.84 95% CI (1.16, 2.93)], history of aggression [AOR = 2.14, 95% CI (1.26, 3.63)], comorbid illness [AOR = 1.76, 95% CI (1.26, 3.63)], use of antipsychotic [AOR = 1.79, 95% CI (1.08, 2.95)] and current use of Khat [AOR = 1.83, 95% CI (1.10, 3.04)] were associated significantly. Conclusions: The prevalence of physical restraint is found high among bipolar patients and it needs public health attention. ER  - 
A Randomized Pilot Study Comparing Ketamine and Methohexital Anesthesia for Electroconvulsive Therapy in Patients with Depression$$$ Objective: This randomized controlled pilot study examines the differences in response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) as defined by an improvement of depressive symptoms between ketamine and methohexital as the primary anesthetic agent. Adverse effects and cognitive tolerability were also examined. Methods: Subjects undergoing ECT for unipolar or bipolar depression were randomized to receive ketamine or methohexital as the anesthetic agent. Primary outcome measure includes the Hamilton rating scale for depression (17-item). Secondary outcome measures included the mini-mental status examination and Beck depression inventory. All ratings were conducted masked to anesthetic agent. Because of multiple outcome measures obtained over time, mixed models were used to account for the correlations among the measurements within the subjects. Because outcomes were either normally distributed or approximately normally distributed, general linear mixed models were fit with a random intercept specified. Results: A total of 21 subjects were enrolled, and 16 were randomized (methohexital, n = 8; ketamine, n = 8). The 2 treatment groups did not differ statistically in any demographic characteristic. No statistical difference was found between the ketamine and methohexital groups for an improvement in depressive symptoms (P = 0.6); however, subjects in both groups showed significant improvement in depression over time (ketamine, P < 0.0001; methohexital, P < 0.0001). Mini-mental status examination results did not differ between groups, and fatigue was reported more in subjects receiving ketamine (P = 0.03). Conclusions: The results of this pilot study are inconclusive because they lack power to support an advantage of ketamine anesthesia compared with methohexital in ameliorating depressive symptoms for electroconvulsive therapy. ER  - 
Symptoms of central sensitization and comorbidity for juvenile fibromyalgia in childhood migraine: an observational study in a tertiary headache center$$$ Background: Central sensitization is an important epiphenomenon of the adult migraine, clinically expressed by allodynia, pericranial tenderness and comorbidity for fibromyalgia in a relevant number of patients. This study aimed to evaluate the frequency and the clinical characteristics of allodynia, pericranial tenderness, and comorbidity for Juvenile Fibromialgia (JFM) in a cohort of migraine children selected in a tertiary headache center. Methods: This was an observational cross-sectional study on 8–15 years old migraine patients. Allodynia was assessed by a questionnaire. Pericranial tenderness and comorbidity for JFM as well as their possible association with poor quality of life and migraine related disability, and with other clinical symptoms as anxiety, depression, sleep disorders and pain catastrophizing, were also evaluated. Results: One hundred and fifty one patients were selected, including chronic migraine (n°47), migraine without aura (n° 92) and migraine with aura (n° 12) sufferers. Allodynia was reported in the 96,6% and pericranial tenderness was observed in the 68.8% of patients. Pericranial tenderness was more severe in patients with more frequent migraine and shorter sleep duration. Allodynia seemed associated with anxiety, pain catastrophizing and high disability scores. Comorbidity for JFM was present in the 0.03% ofpatients. These children presented with a severe depression and a significant reduction of quality of life as compared to the other patients. Conclusions: This study outlined a relevant presence of symptoms of central sensitization among children with migraine. Severe allodynia and comorbidity for JFM seemed to cause a general decline of quality of life, which would suggest the opportunity of a routine assessment of these clinical features. ER  - 
Behavioural changes in patients with intellectual disability treated with perampanel$$$ Objectives: The aim of this cross-sectional retrospective study was to assess the tolerability and efficacy of perampanel in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy who also suffered from intellectual disability (ID). Patients and methods: We used an industry-independent, non-interventional retrospective evaluation based on standardized, daily seizure records. Twenty-seven patients with ID and drug-resistant epilepsy were started on perampanel between September 2012 and November 2015 after a 3-month observation period without perampanel treatment. Perampanel was given at a maximum dosage of 4-12 mg daily. Evaluation was carried out after 6, 12 and 24 months, including calculation of the retention rate. Mean seizure frequency was compared between the 3-month baseline period and subsequent 3-month treatment periods. The Clinical Global Impression scale was applied to assess qualitative changes in seizure severity, and the Aggressive Behaviour Scale (ABS) gave further insights into challenging behaviour. Results: Perampanel was efficacious and well tolerated in five of 25 patients. In 18 patients, perampanel treatment was stopped, mainly because of adverse events (n=6), lack of efficacy (n=3) or both (n=9). Behavioural changes were documented in 15 of 27 patients, with aggressive behaviour being the commonest effect; we observed ataxia (n=6) and sedation (n=8) in further patients. The ABS showed worsening of aggressive behaviour in six patients. Conclusions: Perampanel was well tolerated and efficacious in one-fifth of our patients. We observed challenging behaviour, ataxia and sedation in a relevant number of patients with ID under perampanel treatment. Further studies are warranted to explore the tolerability of perampanel in patients with ID. ER  - 
Safety Profile of Eslicarbazepine Acetate as Add-On Therapy in Adults with Refractory Focal-Onset Seizures: From Clinical Studies to 6 Years of Post-Marketing Experience$$$ Introduction: Eslicarbazepine acetate was first approved in the European Union in 2009 as adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset seizures with or without secondary generalization. Objective: The objective of this study was to review the safety profile of eslicarbazepine acetate analyzing the data from several clinical studies to 6 years of post-marketing surveillance. Methods: We used a post-hoc pooled safety analysis of four phase III, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled studies (BIA-2093-301, -302, -303, -304) of eslicarbazepine acetate as add-on therapy in adults. Safety data of eslicarbazepine acetate in special populations of patients aged ≥65 years with partial-onset seizures (BIA-2093-401) and subjects with moderate hepatic impairment (BIA-2093-111) and renal impairment (BIA-2093-112) are also considered. The incidences of treatment-emergent adverse events, treatment-emergent adverse events leading to discontinuation, and serious adverse events were analyzed. The global safety database of eslicarbazepine acetate was analyzed for all cases from post-marketing surveillance from 1 October, 2009 to 21 October, 2015. Results: From a pooled analysis of four phase III studies, it was concluded that the incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events, treatment-emergent adverse events leading to discontinuation, and adverse drug reactions were dose dependent. Dizziness, somnolence, headache, and nausea were the most common treatment-emergent adverse events (≥10% of patients) and the majority were of mild-to-moderate intensity. No dose-dependent trend was observed for serious adverse events and individual serious adverse events were reported in less than 1% of patients. Hyponatremia was classified as a possibly related treatment-emergent adverse event in phase III studies (1.2%); however, after 6 years of post-marketing surveillance it represents the most frequently (10.2%) reported adverse drug reaction, with more than half of these cases occurring with eslicarbazepine acetate at daily doses of 1200 mg. Other adverse drug reactions reported in post-marketing surveillance are seizure (5.8%), dizziness (4.1%), rash (2.6%), and fatigue (2.1%). The safety profile of eslicarbazepine acetate in renal and hepatic impairment subjects (phase I studies) and in elderly patients (phase III study) did not raise any specific concern. Conclusion: After 6 years of post-marketing surveillance, eslicarbazepine acetate maintains a similar safety profile to that observed in pivotal clinical studies. ER  - 
Suicidality is a common and serious feature of anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis$$$ We aimed to assess suicidality risk amongst people who had had anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis. All people with a definitive diagnosis of anti-NMDAR encephalitis in West China Hospital between June 2012 and February 2017 were identified and their notes were retrospectively reviewed. Demographic and clinical characteristics and risk predictors for suicidality were summarized; those with suicidality were compared to those without. 17 of 133 people (13%) presented with suicidality symptoms: 7 (5%) with suicidal ideation; 8 (6%) who attempted suicide; and 2 (1.5%) who completed suicide. Median age was 27 (16–78) years, most were female [13 (76%)]. Compared with those with no suicidality, psychiatric symptoms as the initial symptoms were more frequent in those who reported suicidality (p = 0.039); insomnia, aggression, mania, depression and delusion were also more common (p < 0.05). The use of antidepressants (p < 0.001) and recurrence of encephalitis (p = 0.020) were higher in people with suicidality than in those without. Other characteristics were not significantly different in those who had suicidality and those who did not. Suicidality is a common and potentially lethal risk for people with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Those presenting with psychiatric symptoms as the initial symptom and with insomnia, aggression, mania, depression and delusion should be carefully screened for suicidality. Closely monitoring people who have been treated with antidepressants is necessary. ER  - 
An exploratory study of identification of psychiatric disorders during pregnancy$$$ BACKGROUND: Pregnancy is the time during which an offspring develops inside a woman and lasts for 40 weeks, causing a transformation in physiological, psychological and social perspective in women that can develop into emotional instability. These factors might expose women to develop psychiatric illnesses. Hence, identification and early management of psychiatric disorders during antenatal period can prevent further psychological and physiological complications to both mother and offspring. METHODS: A cross sectional observational study was carried over a period of 6 months at Ramaiah Medical College & Hospitals, India. One hundred consecutive antenatal pregnant women who satisfied inclusion criteria, were assessed systematically for present of psychiatric disorders and severity of depression and anxiety by using Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview Scale (M.I.N.I Scale), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A) respectively. RESULTS: Of these 100 antenatal women, 17 were identified with psychiatric illnesses. The mean age of antenatal women with psychiatric disorders was 23.82±6.02. Among those with psychiatric disorders, prevalence of dysthymic disorder, major depressive disorder and anxiety disorders was 23.52% (4/17), 5.88% (1/17), and 70.58% (12/17) respectively. Majority of these patients reported anxiety during third trimester (8/12=66.66%) while depression (1/1=100) and dysthymic disorder (4/4=100) during first trimester. Patients with anxiety and dysthymia also had other medical co-morbidities such as hypothyroidism, hypertension, gestational diabetes and epilepsy. CONCLUSIONS: Psychiatric disorders are common during first and third trimester of pregnancy. Hence, we emphasize upon the importance of assessing all antenatal women for presence of psychiatric symptoms during each trimester to enhance safety of both the mother and offspring. ER  - 
The association of psychosocial variables with adherence to antiepileptic drugs in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Objective The aim of this study was to explore the association between psychosocial factors and adherence to antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Methods This cross-sectional study was conducted with 123 individuals with TLE, admitted to our epilepsy center from December 2015 to May 2017. The participants completed standardized self-report questionnaires measuring medication adherence, anxiety, depression, and family and social support. Adherence was measured by the 8-item Morisky Medication Adherence Scale (MMAS), and logistic regression was used to examine statistically significant associations of different variables with adherence. Results We found a 33.3% rate of poor AED adherence. Moderate-to-severe anxiety (odds ratio (OR) = 2.851, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.138–7.144, P = 0.025) and the presence of hippocampal sclerosis (OR = 3.098, 95% CI = 1.259–7.620, P = 0.014) were positively associated with poor adherence to antiepileptic drugs. Social support (OR = 0.925, 95% CI = 0.863–0.990, P = 0.025) was negatively associated with poor adherence. Neither depression nor family support was associated with adherence. Conclusion One-third of patients with TLE were prone to poor AED adherence, especially individuals with hippocampal sclerosis. Intervention approaches designed to improve AED adherence in patients with TLE should focus on psychosocial factors. ER  - 
Are the clinical classifications for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures reliable?$$$ Background Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) are episodes that resemble epileptic seizures but are of psychological origin. A few studies have attempted to describe different types of PNES as a combination of clinical signs but their validation and robustness have not yet been reached. The aim of this study was to assess the inter-rater reliability (IRR) of five existing clinical PNES classifications. Methods A total of 107 PNESs from 54 patients were retrospectively analyzed independently by two trained epileptologists, who were blinded to each other's findings. The recorded events were grouped according to the five chosen classifications systems. The IRR was measured using a kappa (κ) coefficient for each PNES classification. We also report category-specific κ values. Results Our study demonstrated a mild to moderate IRR (κ from 0.44–0.68) for classifying PNES using the 5 proposed classification schemes. Within these classifications, the most reproducible classes are the subjective ones followed by the dialeptic group. Classes based on motor signs are the least reproducible. Conclusion The IRR for current clinical classifications of PNES was only moderate. The difficulty to analyze motor signs could explain this poor reliability. It is necessary to ensure the reliability of clinical classifications of PNES in order for them to be a relevant tool in clinical practice or to explore correlations in clinical research. Future research would benefit from increased precision of diagnostic criteria specific to each class. ER  - 
A simple clinical score for prediction of nonepileptic seizures$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), often mistaken for epilepsy in community practice, require inpatient video-EEG (VEEG) monitoring for diagnostic confirmation. We developed a simple score designed for use in an outpatient setting to predict the subsequent VEEG diagnosis of PNES. We retrospectively compared fifty-five consecutive patients with VEEG-proven PNES (N1 = 55) with a group of randomly selected patients with VEEG-proven epilepsy (N2 = 55). Patients were divided into two groups: I) a ‘truly retrospective’ group of 27 patients with PNES and 27 patients with epilepsy whose data served to develop the score, and II) a ‘pseudoprospective’ group of 28 patients each with PNES and epilepsy to whom the score was applied. Six features in the history of the Group I cohort appeared more prominent in patients with PNES than patients with epilepsy and were assigned escalating numerical values as follows: number of declared drug allergies (0, 0.5, 1), number of declared comorbidities (0, 0.5, 1), number of previous invasive medical interventions of any type (0, 0.5, 1), and a history of significant psychological or physical trauma (0 or 1). In addition, a score was assigned to verbal description of the seizures themselves as being consistent (= 0), atypical (= 1), or indeterminate (= 0.5) for epilepsy. The values were added to yield an omnibus score ranging from 0 to 6. Scoring of Group II subjects in a blinded fashion revealed that in general patients with PNES had higher scores, and the majority obtained a score > 2; most patients with epilepsy scored < 1.5. Group difference in the mean between the PNES and epilepsy cohort was highly significant (p < 0.0001, Wilcoxon rank-sum test). Our score is a simple clinical instrument based on the patient history that may find use in the triage of patients awaiting hospitalization for VEEG and in pre-VEEG counseling. ER  - 
Lennox–Gastaut syndrome in adulthood: Long-term clinical follow-up of 38 patients and analysis of their recorded seizures$$$ Lennox–Gastaut syndrome (LGS) is a severe epileptic encephalopathy with childhood onset that usually continues through adolescence and into adulthood. In the long term, patients with this condition still have intractable seizures, intellectual disability, behavioral problems, and physical comorbidities. The aim of this study was to describe the clinical and EEG characteristics of a group of adults with Lennox–Gastaut syndrome. We identified 38 (22 females, 16 males) patients with LGS older than age 18 years at their last evaluation, with mean age of 43.3 ± 10.6 years. Median follow-up was 14.4 years (range: 2–40). All of our patients had 3 or more seizure types during their clinical history. The most prevalent seizure types at follow-up were atypical absences (28/38), tonic (28/38), generalized tonic–clonic (17/38), focal (11/38), and myoclonic seizures (9/38). All patients had drug-resistant seizures. Besides epilepsy, intellectual disability and behavioral problems were prominent features. Surprisingly, paroxysmal nonepileptic seizures were reported in 3 patients. Our observations confirm the poor outcome of Lennox–Gastaut syndrome through adulthood, regardless of age at seizure onset, etiology, and history of previous West syndrome. ER  - 
Periodic EEG patterns in sporadic Creutzfeld-Jakob-Disease can be benzodiazepine-responsive and interpreted as non-convulsive status epilepticus$$$ Purpose Periodic discharges in EEG and a history of rapidly progressive dementia are known to be associated with sporadic Creutzfeld-Jakob Disease (sCJD). Doubts regarding this rare but fatal diagnosis can arise, when episodic symptoms (seizures, psychiatric features, speech disturbances) are present and the EEG shows epileptiform discharges within this periodicity. This scenario may indicate non-convulsive status epilepticus (NCSE), which is – in contrast to sCJD – a treatable and frequent condition. Methods Herein we report a small retrospective study of 4 elderly patients, who suffered from sCJD, but due to episodic symptoms and benzodiazepine-responsive epileptiform discharges in combination to a subacute cognitive decline, NCSE was considered as a potential differential diagnosis and therefore treated aggressively. Results Ultimately, this treatment was not successful and sCJD was diagnosed in all cases. Hence, there was no diagnostic and prognostic value of abolishing periodic discharges in EEG via benzodiazepines in differentiating sCJD from NCSE in our series. Conclusion These findings indicate that periodic discharges in sCJD can be responsive to benzodiazepines andnot necessarily help to differentiate differentiation between sCJD and NCSE of other causes. We argue that an aggressive anticonvulsive treatment in this scenario should be considered cautiously, especially for invasive options like general anesthesia. ER  - 
Adjuvant chemotherapy with or without bevacizumab in patients with resected non-small-cell lung cancer (E1505): an open-label, multicentre, randomised, phase 3 trial$$$ Background Adjuvant chemotherapy for resected early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) provides a modest survival benefit. Bevacizumab, a monoclonal antibody directed against VEGF, improves outcomes when added to platinum-based chemotherapy in advanced-stage non-squamous NSCLC. We aimed to evaluate the addition of bevacizumab to adjuvant chemotherapy in early-stage resected NSCLC. Methods We did an open-label, randomised, phase 3 trial of adult patients (aged ≥18 years) with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1 and who had completely resected stage IB (≥4 cm) to IIIA (defined by the American Joint Committee on Cancer 6th edition) NSCLC. We enrolled patients from across the US National Clinical Trials Network, including patients from the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group–American College of Radiology Imaging Network (ECOG-ACRIN) affiliates in Europe and from the Canadian Cancer Trials Group, within 6–12 weeks of surgery. The chemotherapy regimen for each patient was selected before randomisation and administered intravenously; it consisted of four 21-day cycles of cisplatin (75 mg/m2 on day 1 in all regimens) in combination with investigator's choice of vinorelbine (30 mg/m2 on days 1 and 8), docetaxel (75 mg/m2 on day 1), gemcitabine (1200 mg/m2 on days 1 and 8), or pemetrexed (500 mg/m2 on day 1). Patients in the bevacizumab group received bevacizumab 15 mg/kg intravenously every 21 days starting with cycle 1 of chemotherapy and continuing for 1 year. We randomly allocated patients (1:1) to group A (chemotherapy alone) or group B (chemotherapy plus bevacizumab), centrally, using permuted blocks sizes and stratified by chemotherapy regimen, stage of disease, histology, and sex. No one was masked to treatment assignment, except the Data Safety and Monitoring Committee. The primary endpoint was overall survival, analysed by intention to treat. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00324805. Findings Between June 1, 2007, and Sept 20, 2013, 1501 patients were enrolled and randomly assigned to the two treatment groups: 749 to group A (chemotherapy alone) and 752 to group B (chemotherapy plus bevacizumab). 383 (26%) of 1458 patients (with complete staging information) had stage IB, 636 (44%) had stage II, and 439 (30%) had stage IIIA disease (stage of disease data were missing for 43 patients). Squamous cell histology was reported for 422 (28%) of 1501 patients. All four cisplatin-based chemotherapy regimens were used: 377 (25%) patients received vinorelbine, 343 (23%) received docetaxel, 283 (19%) received gemcitabine, and 497 (33%) received pemetrexed. At a median follow-up of 50·3 months (IQR 32·9–68·0), the estimated median overall survival in group A has not been reached, and in group B was 85·8 months (95% CI 74·9 to not reached); hazard ratio (group B vs group A) 0·99 (95% CI 0·82–1·19; p=0·90). Grade 3–5 toxicities of note (all attributions) that were reported more frequently in group B (the bevacizumab group) than in group A (chemotherapy alone) were overall worst grade (ie, all grade 3–5 toxicities; 496 [67%] of 738 in group A vs 610 [83%] of 735 in group B), hypertension (60 [8%] vs 219 [30%]), and neutropenia (241 [33%] vs 275 [37%]). The number of deaths on treatment did not differ between the groups (15 deaths in group A vs 19 in group B). Of these deaths, three in group A and ten in group B were considered at least possibly related to treatment. Interpretation Addition of bevacizumab to adjuvant chemotherapy did not improve overall survival for patients with surgically resected early-stage NSCLC. Bevacizumab does not have a role in this setting and should not be considered as an adjuvant therapy for patients with resected early-stage NSCLC. Funding National Cancer Institute of the National Institutes of Health. ER  - 
Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Epilepsy and Primary ADHD: Differences in Symptom Dimensions and Quality of Life$$$ Purpose: We aimed to (1) compare quality of life (QOL) among children with epilepsy, epilepsy and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and primary ADHD and (2) compare ADHD symptom dimensions and subtypes between children with epilepsy-ADHD and primary ADHD. Methods: A total of 140 children; 53 with epilepsy, 35 with epilepsy-ADHD, and 52 with primary ADHD were included. KINDL-R (quality of life measure), Turgay DSM-IV Disruptive Behavior Disorders Rating Scale (T-DSM-IV-S), and Conners’ Parent Rating Scale (CPRS) were completed. Neurology clinic charts were reviewed for epilepsy-related variables. Results: Children with epilepsy-ADHD had the lowest (poorest) KINDL-R total scores. Epilepsy-ADHD group had more inattentiveness symptoms, whereas primary ADHD group had more hyperactivity/impulsivity symptoms. The frequencies of ADHD combined and inattentiveness subtypes were 60% and 40% in children with epilepsy-ADHD and 80.7% and 19.3% in children with primary ADHD, respectively (P =.034). Conclusion: ADHD in epilepsy is associated with a significantly poor quality of life and predominantly inattentiveness symptoms. ER  - 
Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-A nd Active Comparator-Controlled Crossover Study Evaluating the Abuse Potential of the Antiepileptic Drug Lacosamide in Healthy Recreational Drug Users$$$ Purpose This phase 1, randomized, double-blind, placebo-A nd active comparator-controlled crossover study assessed the abuse potential of the antiepileptic drug, lacosamide. Methods After a qualification phase, 38 healthy, recreational central nervous system-depressant users were randomized to treatment sequences comprising single oral therapeutic (200 mg) and supratherapeutic (800 mg) doses of lacosamide, alprazolam (1.5 and 3 mg), and placebo. Subjective effects were assessed for 24 hours following each dose using a range of scales, with a 5-to 9-day washout between treatments. Findings Mean subjective effects for 200 mg lacosamide were statistically similar to placebo and significantly lower than with alprazolam for most end points. Lacosamide 800 mg elicited transient, statistically significant positive effects compared with placebo, but also persistent Bad Drug Effects including statistically greater maximum effect (Emax) scores for Nausea and Dysphoria compared with other treatments (P < 0.0002). Consistent with this, the 800 mg lacosamide dose showed a significantly lower "at this moment" Drug Liking visual analog scale (VAS) Emax compared with 3 mg alprazolam, but was not different from 1.5 mg alprazolam (73.1/100, 85.4/100, and 78.9/100, respectively, where 50 is neutral). Overall Drug Liking VAS and Take Drug Again VAS Emax for 800 mg lacosamide were not significantly different from placebo and were lower than those for both alprazolam doses (P < 0.0001). Implications These results suggest that in recreational central nervous system-depressant users, lacosamide has detectable abuse-related subjective effects, but a relatively low potential for abuse compared with alprazolam. These findings contributed toward placement of lacosamide into Schedule V of the US Controlled Substances Act. ER  - 
Clinical experience with eslicarbazepine acetate in adults with sub-analysis of elderly$$$ Purpose Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is indicated for treatment of focal epilepsy. Our aim was to evaluate the effect and tolerability of ESL in elderly and younger adults. The primary objective was to measure changes in seizure frequency before and after at least six months of treatment. Secondary objective was to analyse the safety profile. Sub-analysis was performed in patients previously treated with oxcarbamazepine. Method A single-centre, retrospective study of patients with focal epilepsy treated with ESL. Data were collected by reviewing the clinical and laboratory files. Seventy-two patients received ESL, of which 14 were ≥60 years old, and were analysed for adverse effects. Fifty-nine patients received treatment for ≥6 months and were included in the evaluation of seizure frequency; in this group 12 were ≥60 years old. Results Seizure frequency (n = 59) was reduced for both young adults (< 60 years) and elderly adults (≥60); both groups achieved better seizure control from an average of 2 to 0.5 (p-value: 0.002) and 3.5 to 0.65 (p-value:<0.05) seizures per month, respectively. Adverse effects leading to treatment discontinuation (n = 72) were more frequent in elderly (42.9%) than in young adults (17.2%) (p-value 0.04). There was no significant difference in mild adverse effects between young (15.5%) and elderly adults (14.3%). Most common adverse effects were somnolence, gastrointestinal disturbances and dizziness. Conclusions The study indicates that ESL has an advantageous profile in relation to seizure control. The discontinuation rate might be higher in elderly than in younger adults. Further prospective studies are needed to confirm these conclusions. ER  - 
The Effects of Remifentanil on Hemodynamic Response Attenuation after Electroconvulsive Therapy under Sevoflurane Anesthesia$$$ Purpose: We evaluated the effects of a single loading dose of remifentanil (1 μg/kg) administered as an adjunct to sevoflurane, on the duration of seizure activity, recovery times, and hemodynamic profiles, during electroconvulsive therapy. Methods: The patients were randomly allocated to receive sevoflurane-saline (Group SS) or sevoflurane-remifentanil (Group SR). Sevoflurane (8%) was initiated for anesthesia induction in both groups until loss of consciousness was achieved. Remifentanil was then administered to Group SR via a 1-μg/kg intravenous bolus. Patients in Group SS received saline in the same manner. Mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate (HR) were recorded before anesthetic induction (T1), at the loss of consciousness (T2), and at 0, 1, 3, and 10 minutes after the electrical stimuli were completed (T3, T4, T5, and T6, respectively). Results: Compared with the baseline values, HR increased significantly in Group SS at times T2 and T4 to T6 and decreased significantly in Group SR at time T2. When the groups were compared, we found that HR decreased significantly in Group SR at T2 and T4 to T6. Compared with baseline, MAP increased in Group SS between T3 and T6, and MAP decreased in Group SR at T2 and increased at T3 to T4. Mean arterial pressure decreased to a greater extent in Group SR than in Group SS during the T2 to T6 period. There were no group differences in seizure duration or recovery time. Conclusions: The addition of 1-μg/kg remifentanil to anesthetic induction with sevoflurane attenuated the acute hemodynamic response to electroconvulsive therapy under sevoflurane anesthesia without adversely affecting the duration of seizure activity or the recovery profile. ER  - 
Validation of effectiveness of keyhole clipping in nonfrail elderly patients with unruptured intracranial aneurysms$$$ OBJECTIVE Advanced age is known to be associated with a poor prognosis after surgical clipping of unruptured intracranial aneurysms (UIAs). Keyhole clipping techniques have been introduced for less invasive treatment of UIAs. In this study, the authors compared the complications and clinical and radiological outcomes after keyhole clipping between nonfrail elderly patients (= 70 years) and nonelderly patients. METHODS Keyhole clipping (either supraorbital or pterional) was performed to treat 260 cases of relatively small (= 10 mm) anterior circulation UIAs. There were 62 cases in the nonfrail elderly group (mean age 72.9 ± 2.6 years [± SD]) and 198 cases in the nonelderly group (mean age 59.5 ± 7.6 years). The authors evaluated mortality and morbidity (modified Rankin Scale score > 2 or Mini-Mental State Examination [MMSE] score < 24) at 3 months and 1 year after the operation, the general cognitive function by MMSE at 3 months and 1 year, anxiety and depression by the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) at 3 months, and radiological abnormalities and recurrence at 1 year. RESULTS Basic characteristics including comorbidities, frailty, and BDI and HAM-D scores were not significantly different between the 2 groups, whereas the MMSE score was slightly but significantly lower in the elderly group. Aneurysm location, largest diameter, type of keyhole surgery, neck clipping rate, and hospitalization period were not significantly different between the 2 groups. The incidence of chronic subdural hematoma was not significantly higher in the elderly group than in the nonelderly group (8.1% vs 4.5%, p = 0.332); rates of other complications including stroke and epilepsy were not significantly different. Lacunar infarction occurred in 3.2% of the elderly group and 3.0% of the nonelderly group. No patient in the elderly group required re-treatment or demonstrated recurrence of clipped aneurysms. The MMSE score at 3 months significantly improved in the nonelderly group but did not change in the elderly group. The BDI and HAM-D scores at 3 months were significantly improved in both groups. No patient died in either group. The morbidity at 3 months and 1 year in the elderly group (1.6% and 4.8%, respectively) was not significantly different from that in the nonelderly group (2.0% and 1.5%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS Keyhole clipping for nonfrail elderly patients with relatively small anterior circulation UIAs did not significantly increase the complication, mortality, or morbidity rate; hospitalization period; or aneurysm recurrence compared with nonelderly patients, and it was associated with improvement in anxiety and depression. Keyhole clipping to treat UIAs in the nonfrail elderly is an effective and long-lasting treatment. ER  - 
Maternal and neonatal demographics of macrosomic infants admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit$$$ Objective:The objective of this study is to determine the incidence, significance, associated demographics and impact of macrosomic infants (3/44 kg) admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) on NICU census and resources.Study design:A retrospective cohort review was performed from 2010 to 2015. Descriptive statistical analyses were used.Results:Of 19 308 deliveries, 1823 were infants 3/44000 g and 213 were admitted to the NICU. Cesarean delivery occurred in 70% of the admitted infants, most (74.1%) were Grade 1 macrosomia and male (63%). Preterm birth occurred in 4%. The incidence of maternal diabetes was 25%. Primary admitting diagnoses were respiratory distress, suspected sepsis, hypoglycemia and perinatal depression. The average length of stay was 8±6 days for all macrosomic infants admitted, increased to 22±13 days for infants with Grade 3 macrosomia.Conclusion:Macrosomic infants are a growing population, who increase the demand on existing NICU resources. A larger multi-centered study is needed to determine the overall relevance of these findings in other populations. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in adults with intellectual disability'$$$ Purpose: Psychogenic non epileptic seizures (PNES) are episodes of movement, behavior or sensations that resemble epileptic seizures but are not accompanied by epileptiform brain activity on an electroencephalogram. Although PNES might be common in people with epilepsy and intellectual disability (ID), little is known about the exact presentation and (co-morbid) problems in this population. Our study aims to describe the features of a group of adult patients with epilepsy, ID and PNES and to analyze the differences between this group and a control group of patients with epilepsy and ID, without PNES. We hope to contribute to a better understanding of this complex group of patients in order to optimize treatment. Method: This observational case-control study was conducted at Kempenhaeghe Epilepsy Center, The Netherlands. Adult patients, living at Kempenhaeghe, with epilepsy, ID and a registration of non-epileptic events in their medical records were selected and evaluated on how certain the PNES diagnosis was in terms of the classification of LaFrance (2013). Clinical characteristics of PNES were provided by the subject's mentor, using a standardized questionnaire. As a control group, patients with epilepsy and ID, without PNES, (N = 100) were included. Clinical information was retrieved from patient charts retrospectively and data on neuropsychiatric symptoms were collected by standardized questionnaires. Results: This study is ongoing and results will be presented at the congress. Clinical characteristics of PNES in adults with ID (N = 20; mean age=46.2) will be described qualitatively. The PNES group comprised 50% females and 60% had mild-moderate ID, versus 40% with severe ID. Differences between the PNES group and the non-PNES group are analyzed with respect to epilepsy characteristics, level of ID and neuropsychiatric symptoms. Conclusion: In the population of patients with epilepsy and ID there are diagnostic questions whether the seizures manifest as PNES or represent a reinforced behavior pattern. ER  - 
Clinical, electroencephalografical and familiar characterization of rolandic epilepsy in pediatric population of two centers from Medellín, Colombia, from 2011 to 2016$$$ Purpose: Rolandic epilepsy is the commonest epileptic syndrome in pediatric population. We don0t have any data of this epilepsy in our country. The aim of this study was to describe clinical, electroencephalographic and familiar characteristic in our population and with this data orientate future investigations. Mehod: Descriptive, retrospective, cross-sectional study. Results: We enrolled 39 patients, 53% male, 47% female. The fisrt seizure was at 6.5 years old (2.28 SD). Most crisis presented in the awake state (46%) and the most frequent symptom was sialorrhea in 5.1%. There was clonic generalization in 66.6% of patients. In the EEG we had left irritative activity in 38.4% and bilateral irritative activity in 23%. All patients had spike wave complexes. The maximal irritative activity presented in N2 sleep stage in 82%. There was extra centro-temporal irritative activity in 23%. Patients had family history of epilepsy in 33.3% and personal history of academic difficulties in 38.5%. This was the more frequent comorbility in the group, follow by attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in 23%. Conclusion: We found an important familiar history of epilepsy in this group of patients wich makes this an important area of investigation to try to find the specific genes involved. Of notice the big prevalence of academic difficulties in this population. This is an important issue to be aware of in the following of this patients. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and semiological findings of patients with psychogenic non epileptic seizures (PNES)$$$ Purpose: Non-epileptic events misdiagnosed as epilepsy lead to a risk of iatrogenic morbidity increasing health costs. Among patients affected by non epileptic events 11-46% are of psychogenic origin. The objective is to analyze clinical characteristics of patients with PNES in our epilepsy program using the new semiologic classification proposed by Magaudda et al. Method: Retrospective review of medical records of 143 patients diagnosed with PNES in our epilepsy monitoring unit from April 2007 to December 2016. Results: One hundred seventeen of 143 patients (81.8%) were female; mean age: 33.74 years (range 18-83); 31.5% of the them had also epilepsy. Duration of disorder to correct diagnosis was: 0-2 years (49%), 2-5 (18.9%), 5-10 (11.2%), more than 10 years (21%). There were no significant differences between patients with and without epilepsy. Abnormal EEG was found in 44.1%. Abnormal findings (epileptiform and non-epileptiform) were seen in 80% of the patients with both, epileptic and PNES, and in 27.6% of those with only PNES. Mean number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) prescribed per patient: 2.3; 32 patients (22.4%) required at least one hospitalization for PNESs. Psychiatric comorbidity was seen in 48.3%, with no gender difference. Following the semiological classification proposed by Maggauda, events were classified as: hypermotor 58%; subjective symptoms 21.7%; akinetic 14.7% and motor focal 5.6%. Hypermotor predominated in both genders, followed by subjective symptoms in women (23.9%) and akinetic in men (19.2%). In patients without epilepsy was: hypermotor in 59.2%, subjective 23.5%, akinetic 11.2% and motor focal 6.1%. Conclusion: Hypermotor semiology was the most frequent finding in our serie, followed by subjective symptoms and akinetic events. In one third of the patients diagnosis was delayed for more than 10 years requiring at least one hospitalization, while using at least 2 AEDs in average. Early clinical suspicion based on semiology allows to make a correct diagnosis, reducing morbidity and health costs. ER  - 
The impact of perampanel treatment on quality of life and psychiatric symptoms in patients with drug-refractory focal epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Perampanel (PER) adverse effects (AE), such as depressive symptoms and behavioural changes have been reported. The aim of the study is to assess prospectively the effect of PER on psychological functioning and Quality of Life (QoL) in a group of patients with drug-refractory focal epilepsy (DRE), before and during PER adjunctive treatment. Method: Patients with DRE have been enrolled in this 18-months duration study. Socio-demographic and clinical information have been collected. QoL levels, irritability, depressive symptoms and anxiety have been assessed using the QoLIE-31, the Irritability Questionnaire, the BDI-II, and the STAI Y-1 and Y-2 questionnaires, at three time points (before PER, after 3 and 6 months). Results: Data from 45 patients (females 40%, mean age 40.4 yrs SD 12.17) was collected. Before PER, QoL levels are slightly lower in our sample compared to normative epilepsy data in overall QoLIE-31 score (mean 61.14 SD 15.72), emotional well-being score (mean 65.53 SD 13.50) and social functioning score (mean 60.96 SD 23.54), depressive symptoms were slightly higher than normative population (mean 15.36 SD 12.17), while anxiety and irritability scores were found not pathological according to normative data. Comparing T0 and T2 assessments, a slight increase in QoL scores were found for all scales (except for social functioning: 56.71 SD 20.50), irritability scores become pathological (mean 42.29 SD 17.76), while depressive symptoms decrease (mean 14.50 SD 10.43) and anxiety scores remain not pathological according to normative data. Conclusion: This longitudinal study allow us to conclude that QoL levels increase after PER treatment together with a reduction in depressive symptoms and anxiety levels. However, irritability symptoms seems to worse in time as AE of PER treatment. Furthermore, the current instruments proved to be accurate and able to provide reliable information on the psychological functioning of patients with DRE submitted to PER treatment. ER  - 
Premature mortality in persons with epilepsy and schizophrenia: A nationwide cohort study$$$ Purpose: Both epilepsy and schizophrenia are associated with premature mortality. However, it is uncertain how comorbidity between the two disorders affects the mortality. We assessed the mortality for persons with epilepsy and schizophrenia in absolute and relative measures. Method: We included all persons born in Denmark 1960-87, who were alive and residing in Denmark by their 25th birthday. From national health registries we identified persons diagnosed with epilepsy and schizophrenia prior to their 25th birthday. Participants were followed from their 25th birthday to death, emigration, or December 31st 2012. The primary outcome was overall mortality. In sub-analyses estimates were stratified by sex, epilepsy sub-types, and a stricter definition of schizophrenia. Furthermore, in sensitivity analyses we estimated the mortality in participants followed from their 20th and 30th birthday. Data was analysed using Cox regressions. Results: We followed 1,620,376 persons for 24,167,573 person years of follow up; median 15 years. The mortality rate ratio (MRR) was 4.4 (95% CI; 4.1-4.7) for persons with epilepsy, 6.6 (95% CI; 6.1-7.1) for persons with schizophrenia, and 12.8 (95% CI; 9.1-18.1) for persons with both disorders compared to persons without these disorders. Estimated cumulative mortality at the age of 50 was 3.1 % (95% CI; 3.0-3.1 %) for persons without epilepsy and schizophrenia, 10.7 % (95% CI; 9.7-11.8 %) for persons with epilepsy, 17.4% (95% CI; 16.0-18.8 %) for persons with schizophrenia, and 27.2 % (95% CI; 15.7-40.1 %) for persons with both disorders. Conclusion: Persons with both epilepsy and schizophrenia have a very high mortality; the absolute risk of dying before the age of 50 was nine times higher compared to persons without epilepsy and schizophrenia, indicating that these patients constitute a vulnerable group that needs special clinical attention. ER  - 
Clinical features of post-ictal psychosis: An observational descriptive study$$$ Purpose: Post-ictal psychosis (PIP) comprises approximately 25% of the psychosis of epilepsy. Better understanding clinical features helps proper recognition, which is imperative for adequate treatment and understanding causation. Method: Clinical, electroencephalographic and neuroimaging data of tertiary referral-centre patients with PIP were retrospectively collected. Patients with epilepsy-related psychosis other than PIP were excluded. Results: Of 43 patients, 28 (65%) were men, mean age at epilepsy onset was 16.5 years (S.D. 12.1), mean age at PIP onset was 36.4 years (S.D. 12.6). The mean duration of epilepsy until the first PIP episode was 20 years (S.D. 12.9). Focal epilepsy predominated (39; 90%) over generalized epilepsy (4; 10%), particularly those with temporal lobe involvement (23; 53%). There were no clear lateralization findings (17 were left-sided, 15 right-sided). 40 (93%) had a history of bilateral convulsive seizures, 28 (65%) had two types of seizures, which occured in clusters in 27 patients (62%). All of them had pharmacoresistant epilepsy. Neuroimaging study was lesional for epilepsy in 29 patients (67%), with hippocampal sclerosis in 15 patients (34%). Electroencephalographic data showed epileptiform discharges in 27 (62%), with temporal lobe predominance (15, 34%). Previous personal history of psychiatric disease was found in 24 patients, with a predominance of mood disorder (n = 15) and five had a family history of psychiatric disease. Documented clusters in seizure-PIP related occurred in 28 patients (65%), with predominance of bilateral convulsive seizures (18). Most episodes (31; 72%) required treatment adjustments. The middle-term outcome showed a single episode occurred in 12 patients; 28 experienced recurrent episodes, while three developed chronic interictal psychosis. Conclusion: Male gender, focal epilepsy, pharmacoresistance, longterm disease and clusters of seizures were the main clinical features among patients with PIP. Treatment was usually required and most patients experienced recurrent episodes. Further studies are required to better understand this entity. ER  - 
Risk factors for neuropsychological impairment in benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes$$$ Purpose: This study evaluates risk factors for neuropsychological impairment in benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS). Method: In a retrospective cohort of 36 children with BECTS, we compared the electroclinical features of 25 who were neuropsychologically normal (Group1) and 11 who developed impairments (Group2) consisting of hyperactivity and attention deficit disorder in all 11 with additional language disturbances in 6. Results: Median onset age was younger in Group2 than Group1 (4 vs. 8 years), and median epilepsy duration was longer (6.5 vs. 2 years) (p < 0.001). Most patients with onset age < 5 years and especially those with >5-year duration were in Group2, while most patients with onset age >5 years and < 5-year duration fell into Group1 (p < 0.001). A greater proportion of Group2 took >1 anticonvulsant (36% vs. 4%, p < 0.05). Classical or atypical benign epileptiform discharges of childhood (BEDC) were frequent in both groups, but were the only EEG abnormality in half of Group1 vs. none of Group2 (p < 0.01). A greater proportion of Group2 had multiregional epileptiform abnormalities (73% vs. 8%), regional intermittent slow activity (91% vs. 16%), or both (73% vs. none) (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Possible risk factors for neuropsychological impairments in BECTS include onset age < 5 years, >5-year epilepsy duration, taking >1 anticonvulsant, multiregional epileptiform abnormalities, and regional intermittent slow activity. Features against these complications may include onset age >5 years and EEG disclosing only BEDC. Risk factor identification might guide potentially beneficial cognitive and educational intervention. ER  - 
EEG findings in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder disease$$$ Purpose: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common psychiatric disorder in childhood and adolescence. The incidence of epilepsy in ADHD is 5-6% and it is seen more common than normal populations. Epileptiform abnormalities on electroencephalography (EEG) were detected in 5-60% of cases.We aimed to investigate the EEG findings in patients with ADHD in this study. Method: We investigated the EEG reports of the patients whom diagnosed with ADHD during January-December 2016,retrospectively. Results: We detected 13 patients with ADHD whom underwent EEG examination, of them 5 were female and 8 were male. The mean age of the patients was 11.8 (minimum: 7, maximum: 18). EEG findings; Focal epileptiform foci were found in 4 (30.7%) patients, focal organisation disorder in 3 (23.0%) patients, generalized organisational disorder in 2 (15.3%) patients and generalized epileptiform abnormality were in 1 patient (7.6%). Epileptiform disorder was detected in 30.7% of the patients and 38.4% of the patients had organisation disorder on EEG without clinical symptom. One (8.3%) patient was diagnosed as absence epilepsy because of clinical episodes accompanied by EEG findings. Conclusion: Epileptic disorders may be the underliying cause in attention disorders. Our findings in ADHD were similar to the literature. However, extensive series of studies are needed. ER  - 
Evaluation of ventricular repolarization parameters in epilepsy patients$$$ Purpose: Cardiac rhythm abnormalities and autonomic dysfunction are generally associated with TLE. The role of amygdala in cardiovascular autonomic control and insular propagation of the seizure activity are among the possible pathologic mechanisms. In this study, we aimed to evaluate whether vulnerability to ventricular arrhythmias differ between subgroups of epileptic patients and also patients with pure non-epileptic psychogenic seizures (NEPS). Method: Records of 74 patients followed in the outpatient clinic of NEU Meram Faculty of Medicine-Neurology Department between Oct 15th 2015- Sept 16th 2016 were retrospectively reviewed. A 12-lead electrocardiogram of each patient was examined by a cardiologist and heart rate (HR), PR, QRS, QTc intervals, QTdispersion were calculated. The patients who had a seizure within the last 48 hours were not included so the evaluation was performed in the interictal state. Results: Fifty four patients (%73) were diagnosed with epilepsy according to ILAE criteria. The remaining twenty patients (%27) had pure NEPS and were medication free. Twenty seven patients had primary generalized epilepsy (PGE) and another 27were diagnosed with focal epilepsy (FE). Median age was similar between epileptic and non-epileptic subjects (p > 0.05). HR, PR-QRS intervals and QTc were also similar between these groups (p > 0.05); however QTdispersion was significantly longer in the epilepsy group [46.5 ± 6.2 vs 36.9 ± 4, p < 0.001]. In a further step, cardiac parameters were compared between PGE and FE patients. HR, PR-QRS intervals, QTc and QTc dispersion did not differ between PGE and FE patients (p > 0.05). Conclusion: Our results suggest that; QTdispersion is longer in epilepsy patients when compared to patients with pure NEPS. Since there was no difference among epilepsy subgroups; QTdispersion, as well as vulnerability to ventricular arrhythmias could be a consequence of epilepsy regardless of origin. Further studies are needed to clarify the underlying mechanism of increased QTdispersion in the epileptic patients and its prognostic value. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and antiretroviral therapy use in HIV positive patients$$$ Introduction: Antiepileptic drugs (AED) are commonly used in HIVpatients. There are few studies which report the concomitant use of AED in patients on antiretroviral therapy (ART), in Senegal there are no formal AED treatment guidelines currently exist for HIV-patients. Purpose: Identify different indications of AED in the HIV-patients and the virological interactions that may exist between AED and ART. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study from 2013 to 2016 and we've collected epidemiological data of patients who are both under ART and AED. We have identified the indications for putting under AED and evaluate the immuno-virological interaction of Enzyme-Inducing Antiepileptic Drugs (EI-AED) and Non Enzyme-Inducing Antiepileptic Drugs (NEI-AED) by assay of viral load and CD4 count. Results: Record of 28 patients were analyzed, indications for AED were central nervous system opportunistic infections associated with seizure (n = 16),stroke associated with seizure (n = 2), painful peripheral neuropathy (n = 4), mood disorders (n = 5) and migraine (n = 1). All patients were taking ART for at least 6 months, with episodes of AED and ART overlap by at least 28 days, 12 patients were under EI-AED, and16 under NEI-AED. The viral load suppression during ART treatment was inferior in patients who were co-administered EI-AED (5/12) compared to NEI-AED (2/16). The EI-AED and NEI-AED did not differ in CD4 count at ART initiation. We did not take into account the interactions with trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole (used in 18/28 patients for prophylaxis against opportunistic infections) which commonly compete with AED. Conclusion: There are many indications of AED in HIV patients; our study has found virological impact between AED and ART. The measurement of serum levels of both treatment is important to better assess these interactions in order to provide specific recommendations for better management of this drugs-drugs interactions. ER  - 
Role of emergency department (ED) physicians in identifying and managing patientswhomay meet the “practical clinical” definition of epilepsy$$$ Purpose: In 2014, the ILAE re-defined epilepsy as a disease of the brain causing at least two unprovoked or reflex seizures occurring more than 24 hours apart or after one seizure if risk of recurrence are “high” (>60%). Although most patients with a single unprovoked seizure have low to intermediate risks for recurrence (20-50%), some patients such as those with remote symptomatic etiologies, epileptiform discharges on EEG, or an epileptogenic lesion identified on neuroimaging may be at high risk for multiple seizure recurrences. This retrospective study attempts to determine if current practice in a busy emergency department properly addresses the diagnosis of epilepsy based on the new “practical clinical” definition. Method: All patients seen in a six month period (10/01/2015-03/31/16) at the Spectrum Health Butterworth Hospital ED with a principle diagnostic code of seizure, epilepsy, or status epilepticus were reviewed. Chart review included ED documentation, completed testing (CT brain, EEG), patient disposition (admission, Observation Unit, or discharge home), neurological consultation and evaluation / treatment plan. Results: 285 patients were identified by primary diagnostic codes (including seizure or epilepsy), and subsequent chart review was completed on 210 patients. Forty-four patients were identified with a clinical presentation consistent with new onset seizure, while 166 patients were excluded with a history of confirmed epilepsy or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). No specific evaluation protocol was identified, and disposition included direct admissions (n = 20), admission after initial evaluation in Observation Unit (n = 3), discharge after ED evaluation (n = 19), and discharge after evaluation in Observation Unit (n = 2). Diagnostic studies performed included CT brain (n = 42), EEG (n = 22), and neurology consultation (n = 24). Conclusion: Current practice in the ED may fall short of identifying patients with a diagnosis of epilepsy as risk factors for seizure recurrence are not fully assessed after presentation with a new onset seizure. ER  - 
An emerging neuropsychological issue of temporal lobe epilepsy: Social cognition$$$ Purpose: Patients with epilepsy may experience communication interpersonal difficulties, with poor social adjustment. Social cognition includes theory of mind (ToM), perception of social situations, empathy, and sensitivity to conventional and moral rules, allowing to predict others0 behaviour and to interact with social environments and relationships. This study characterized social cognition and its relationship to psychopathological symptoms in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Method: Fifty TLE patients enrolled in eight Italian credited epilepsy centres and 50 healthy controls were evaluated using standardized neuropsychological tests for ToM, empathy, recognition of behaviour appropriateness in social situations, and sensitivity to moral and conventional rules. The Symptoms Check List 90R (SCL 90R) assessed the psychopathological aspects. Results: The groups were similar in type of occupation, income, age, sex, marital status and number of family members, suggesting similar sociocultural contexts. Multivariate analysis of variance with schooling, age and attention as the covariates, showed that, in comparison with the controls, the patients were impaired in comprehension of others' mental states appreciation of social situations. By contrast, there were no differences in empathy or sensitivity to conventional and moral rules tests. In comparison with the controls, the patients also revealed higher levels of obsessive-compulsive and paranoia symptoms. The paranoia scores related to ToM, while the total SCL90R score related to ToM and appreciation of social situations. Conclusion: This is the first study analyzing the components of social cognition in TLE patients. These patients showed a multifaceted pattern, with selective deficits of ToM and appreciation of social situations. Such impairments related to psychopathological symptoms, highlighting their clinical impact. On the other side, preserved empathy and sensitivity to moral and conventional rules may be a resource for dealing with the social environment and establishing satisfactory interpersonal relationships. Comprehensive assessment of social cognition can have clinical implications. ER  - 
Rufiprat: A retrospective study on the everyday clinical use of rufinamide in children with refractory epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Evaluate efficacy and tolerability of Rufinamide as used in everyday clinical practice by French child Neurologists. Method: The files of children aged 4 years and above, treated with Rufinamide between January 2010 and December 2015 at 6 University Hospitals (Grenoble, Lyon, Marseille, Paris-Robert Debré, Paris-Necker, Toulouse) were collected by a per centre principal investigator and pooled for analysis. Data related to the global epilepsy profile (age at onset; underlying aetiology; type(s) of seizures and predominant type of seizures; syndromic diagnosis; concomitant medication and titration attitudes have been recorded. Results: We analyzed the data from 136 patients (85 males, age range 3 -56). Most the patients presented with multiple seizure types (drop attacks; dialeptic; tonic; generalized tonic-clonic seizures) and suffered from drug-resistant epilepsy of early onset (usually before the age of 12-18 months). Intellectual disability and behavioral or psychotic troubles were often present. Sodium Valproate and Levetiracetam were frequently associated. Investigators estimated that seizure frequency reduction was recorded in nearly 50% of the children treated. No major adverse event was reported. Weight loss, vomiting, asthenia and somnolence were the most frequent, rarely leading to a discontinuation for adverse event. Conclusion: Rufinamide can be safely tried for the treatment of a large spectrum of seizure types. The clinical profile of the patients as well as efficacy and tolerability results will be presented in detail. ER  - 
Levetiracetam modifies quantitative EEG in the anterior cortical regions in epileptic patients showing psychiatric manifestations$$$ Purpose: Levetiracetam (LEV) is a widely used second generation antiepileptic drug. It was documented that LEV may induce psychotic disorders, depression, and paroxysmal non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Forced normalization has been hypothesized at the basis of psychiatric symptoms occurring after LEV use. Moreover, LEV significantly reduces epileptiform discharges in epileptic patients and increases the frontal theta bands in healthy volunteers. This study aimed at evaluating the quantitative EEG changes in a group of epileptic patients who discontinued LEV due to the appearance of psychiatric adverse events, although the significant seizure reduction. Method: We retrospectively evaluated a group of seven epileptic patients visited at our centre from October 2015, who started LEV as monotherapy. We considered for the quantitative analysis the EEG performed before starting treatment in the diagnostic workup and the EEG performed at the follow-up visit, when psychiatric events were reported. Results: Seven patients under LEV monotherapy (range 1000-2000 mg/ day) were evaluated (1M6F, aged 18-57). At follow-up, 4 patients (1M2F) showed depressive symptoms, 2 patients (2F) reported aggressiveness, and 1 patient presented PNES (1F). All patients were seizure free. Comparing the quantitative EEG analysis we observed the reduction in the beta1 band in the anterior cortical regions in all patients (Fp1, Fp2, F3, F4, F7, F8, Fz, C3, C4, Cz). No other significant quantitative EEG changes were observed in the other bands and/or cortical regions. Conclusions: This report suggested that forced normalization may be the cause of psychiatric symptoms in epileptic patients treated by LEV. We documented in all patients the pathological slowing of quantitative EEG in the anterior cortical regions, which may underlie the dysfunction of the frontal cortex in patients showing psychiatric adverse events due to LEV. Hence, we supposed that LEV may induce psychiatric symptoms in epileptic patients by altering the frontal networks. ER  - 
Executive functions impairements in children with rolandic epilepsy$$$ Purpose: The primary aim of this study was to compare the core executive functions (EF) in children with rolandic epilepsy (RE) and healthy controls. As a secondary aim, we compared typical and atypical RE children's EF. Method: 24 children (11 females) with RE (typical, n = 18, or atypical, n = 16) and 33 healthy controls (19 females), aged 6 to 13 years, were assessed for intelligence (WASI), working memory (subtest Digits-WISC IV and Corsi Block-Tapping task-CBT), inhibitory control (TAVIS 4) and cognitive flexibility (Five Points Test-FPT). Their parents answered sociodemographic questionnaires and a ADHD/ODD symptoms scale (MTA-SNAP-IV). The groups were homogeneous (p>,05) regarding age, intelligence, income and ADHD/ODD symptoms. Mann-Whitney U and Kruskal-Wallis tests were performed to ascertain differences between groups. Results: Compared to controls, the clinical group had worse performance in the CBT-forward's trials: (U = 264,5; r =-0,27; p< ,05) and in the FPT total perseverative errors (U = 197,5; r =-0,36; p< ,05), and better performance in FPT total drawings (U = 264,5; r =-0,27; p< ,05). Children with typical and atypical RE didn't differ in EF measurements. Compared to control group, children with atypical RE had lower weighted scores in Digits backward (U = 39,5; r =-0,37; p< ,05). Children with typical RE showed worse performance than controls in the CBT-forward's trials (U = 184,5; r =-0,3; p< ,05), FPT total perseverative errors (U = 118,5; r =-0,46; p< ,01) and perseverative errors percentage (U = 159,5; r =-0,32; p< ,05), and a better performance in the FPT total number (U = 156; r =-0, 38; p< ,01) and correct (U = 195; r =-0,28; p < ,05) drawings. Conclusion: Impairments in working memory and cognitive flexibility in RE patients were observed. The results also point to failures in visuospatial attention and behavioral monitoring. Differences between RE forms may have been underestimated due to the size of the atypical RE group. ER  - 
Relation between gender, psychiatric and cognitive disorders and experiential auras in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To determine whether the experiential auras in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) are related to gender, educational level, psychiatric comorbidity, visual or verbal material-specific memory impairment, lateralization by video-EEG and epileptogenic lesions on brain MRI. Method: Retrospective review (1998-2015) of clinical charts and video-EEG of patients with experiential auras and TLE followed at the JM Ramos Mejia and El Cruce Hospitals. Results: We included 35 patients, 51.4% were male, mean age 35 years, mean epilepsy duration 20.3 years. Laterality of the epileptogenic zone was right (57.1%) and left (37.1%) temporal. An epileptogenic lesion was detected in most of cases and hippocampal sclerosis was the most common finding. Seventy-four percent of patients underwent epilepsy surgery (Engel I-II: 65.4%). Educational level was mainly primary and secondary. Most of patients presented visual or both memories deficits associated with executive dysfunction. Almost half patients had a psychiatric comorbidity. Deja vu was the most frequent experiential aura (60%), followed by jamais vu (20%), strangeness (20%) and depersonalization (14.3%). Most patients had a single experiential aura (deja vu 54.5%, jamais vu 18.2%, strangeness 13.6%, depersonalization 9.1%, prescience 4.5%) associated with non-experiential auras in the majority of cases. Conclusion: Most of patients presented a single experiential aura, most frequently deja vu, associated with non-experiential auras, mainly fear. A right temporal lobe seizure focus was the most frequent. In terms of gender, deja vu was more common in male patients. A high prevalence of psychiatric comorbidity was observed and despite of the reduced number of cases, the 3 patients with psychosis presented deja vu. Most of patients presented visual or both memories deficits associated with executive dysfunction.We did not find any relation between the experiential auras and educational level. ER  - 
Proton pump inhibitor use and risk of cognitive decline: A follow-up study of middle aged and elderly twins$$$ Introduction: Proton pump inhibitors (PPI) are among the most commonly prescribed classes of drugs and their use is increasing. A small number of observational studies suggest that PPI use could affect cognitive function. To further investigate this purported association, we linked information gathered through population-based twin surveys that included repeated assessments of cognitive function with nationwide prescription register data. Apart from the ad-vantages of large sample size and detailed unbiased information on drug use, this approach also enabled us, in subanalyses, to control for familial (genetic and environmental) confounding. Materials and Methods: Data from the Middle Aged Danish Twin study (MADT; baseline and 10-year follow-up) and Longitudinal Study of Danish Twins (LSADT; baseline and 2-year follow-up) combined with national registers including prescription data were used to investigate the possible association between PPI and cognitive decline. In individual-based analyses, twins were stratifed according to PPI use and multivariate linear regression was used to test for association be-tween PPI use and cognitive function. Models were adjusted for age, sex, BMI, smoking, alcohol use, physician diagnosed history of depression, neurological disorders (stroke, epilepsy, Parkinson's dis-ease), thyroid disorders, hypertension, diabetes and, based on prescription register data and drugs with a possible direct effect on cognition. Furthermore, intrapair analyses of PPI drug use-discordant twin pairs were performed. Results: A total of 4, 994 twins were eligible for follow-up analyses. Compared with the reference group (no PPI use), no statistically signifcant differences were observed in adjusted cognitive score change in any of the PPI drug exposed groups in middle-aged and elderly twins. In intrapair analyses, we further tested whether the twin with the higher PPI exposure had the largest decline in cognitive score. There were 328 same sex twin pairs discordant for PPI use for the follow-up intra-pair analyses; 104 twin pairs from LSADT with 2-year follow-up and 224 twin pairs with a 10-year follow-up from MADT. For both middle-aged and elderly twin pairs, there was no association between twins having the highest PPI drug exposure and largest decline in cognitive score. Conclusion: In middle-aged and elderly Danish twins PPI use did not infuence cognitive function. ER  - 
Brivaracetam in drug-resistant complex epilepsy, an effective alternative to levetiracetam?$$$ Objective: Brivaracetam is an analogue of levetiracetam and is thought to bind with higher affinity to the synaptic vesicle 2A protein, impacting calcium-dependent exocytosis of excitatory neurotransmitters. Brivaracectam is licensed for the adjunctive treatment of partial onset seizures with or without secondary generalisation in patients over 16 years of age. Phase III studies revealed efficacy compared to placebo in focal onset seizures. We studied the use of Brivaracetam in children and young adults with drug-resistant epilepsy. Methods: Case note review was undertaken and anonymised data was extracted. Results: Six patients with severe intractable epilepsies including Lennox Gastaut syndrome, progressive myoclonic epilepsy, epilepsy secondary to bilateral polymicrogyria, epileptic encephalopathy with focal seizures of unknown aetiology and Rasmussen encephalitis were identified from two centres. A mean of 7.5 and a median of 6 antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) were tried prior to brivaracetam introduction. Four patients had previously been treated with levetiracetam, two of whom had experienced behavioural side effects. All patients had daily seizures at brivaracetam introduction. One discontinued due to perceived behavioral change which had also been noted on levetiracetam (maximum dose 25mg twice daily). Brivaracetam was not effective in two patients despite doses of 75 and 100mg twice daily. Two patients responded with a reduction in both number and duration of focal seizures (100mg twice daily) and one achieved seizure freedom (25mg twice daily). All responders had previously received levetiracetam. Side effects included reported behavioural change in one patient and a single episode of auditory hallucination in another. Conclusion: In this small group of patients with complex drug resistant epilepsy, brivaracetam was well tolerated in the majority and effective in 3/6 patients. It may represent a useful alternative to levetiracetam where severe behavioural problems have been previously noted or anticipated, but further study with comparison to existing medications is required. ER  - 
Autism spectrum disorder: Clinical, electroencephalogram and neuroimaging profile in 60 patients$$$ Introduction: Autistic spectrum disorder (ASD) is characterized by deficits in social and language domains with behavioural abnormalities and fixated interests. Little data is available on the etiology and comorbidities of ASD from India. Objective: To study the etiology, clinical features, co-morbid neurological conditions, electroencephalographic and radiological profile in patients with ASD from a single centre. Methodology: This is a retrospective descriptive analysis of 60 patients under 18 years of age satisfying DSM V criteria for ASD. The clinical details were noted from the case records and EEG and neuroimaging were reviewed by an epileptolo-gist and pediatric neuroradiologist respectively. Results: Mean age of symptom onset was1.83 (± 0.91) years with 58.3% were males. 4 children were preterm and 12 had postnatal complications. Global developmental delay was noted in 21 (35%) and isolated language and social delay in 15 (25%). 24 children (40%) had regression of milestones at a mean age of 1.77(±0.95) years. Co-existent neurological disorders were ADHD in 30 (50%), epilepsy in 24 (40%), sleep disorders in 4 (6.67%), obsessive compulsive disorder in 1 (1.67%) and hyperventilation/breath holding spells in 2 (3.3%) children. 26 children (43.3%) were classified as mild-moderate autism based on Childhood Autism Rating Scale and 34 children had severe autism. Microcephaly was seen in 11 children (18.33%) and macrocephaly, ataxia and chorea in one child each. EEG and MRI brain abnormalities were noted in 22 (36.67%) and 11 (18.33%) children respectively. Etiology was identified for 11 (18.33%) children with genetic causes in 6 children, hypoxic ischemic sequelae in 2, and 1 child each with Tuberous sclerosis, Sturge Weber syndrome and frontal FCD. Conclusion: The clinical picture of ASD in south India closely matches global patterns. Co-existent neurological disorders are very common. A thorough clinical and investigative approach is required for the identification of the underlying etiology. ER  - 
Clinical course of facioscapulohumeral dystrophy presenting in childhood$$$ Objectives: Facioscapulohumeral dystrophy (FSHD), despite its name, it is a clinically heterogeneous multisystem condition with impacts extending beyond weakness of the face and upper limb. This is especially true of early-onset FSHD (onset <10 years). We aimed to explore the presenting features, clinical course and complications of childhood-onset FSHD to optimise multidisciplinary monitoring and care for these complex patients. Methods: A retrospective review of case notes-including clinical records, functional motor scales, imaging and genetic results-was conducted for all patients with genetically-confirmed FSHD who presented to our tertiary neuromuscular centre between 2002 and 2016. This comprised 18 patients from 16 families, 11 girls and 7 boys. Results: Age at presentation varied from prenatal to 14 years, and showed a bimodal pattern with most patients presenting either in infancy or as teenagers. There was a correlation between age at onset and a genetic marker of severity (Bln1-resistant fragment length at 4q35; R=0.81). In nearly 1/3 of patients (5/17) presenting features were not the classically expected weakness of face or upper limb: for young children, hearing loss was the presenting symptom in 50% (4/8). Motor performance on standardised tasks declined over time but did not show any single clear trajectory. A high incidence of complications including learning difficulties (28%), mood disorders (17%), feeding difficulties (44%) and spinal deformity (50%) was noted. There was only one instance of Coats' disease, and no cases of epilepsy or cardiac involvement. Two patients died unexpectedly. Conclusions: FSHD presenting in childhood is both more diverse and more severe than adolescent/adult onset FSHD, and extramuscular features are common. This phenotypic heterogeneity can lead to significant delays in diagnosis. We recommend that care for children with FSHD should include monitoring of psychological and developmental needs, nutrition, respiratory function and hearing as well as managing physical disability. ER  - 
Refractory chronic epilepsy associated with neuronal auto-antibodies: could perisylvian semiology be a clue?$$$ Aims. We report a case series of 10 patients with chronic medically refractory antibody-positive autoimmune epilepsy and assess their common clinical features. Immune-mediated seizures are most commonly reported in the context of encephalitis or encephalopathy, with few reports focusing on lone, chronic epilepsy in the outpatient setting. Our aim was to define the potential diagnostic clues that might be present in these cases, leading to consideration of an autoimmune cause of the epilepsy. Methods. We performed a retrospective review of all patients presenting to the outpatient department of our unit who underwent autoimmune screening. All patients with chronic epilepsy and a positive result for an antibody known to be associated with epilepsy were included. Results. Sixty-three patients underwent testing. Thirteen returned a positive result, however, only 10 of these were patients which chronic epilepsy who did not present with an acute illness. Common features in these cases included: perisylvian semiology, EEG abnormalities in the mid temporal region, normal or non-specific MRI findings, depression, and head injury. Conclusion. In cases of medically refractory, lesion-negative epilepsy, with predominantly perisylvian semiology, clinicians should have a high level of suspicion for the diagnosis of autoimmune aetiologies and a low threshold to perform autoantibody screening. This is especially true if there are atypical electrographic findings, a previous history of head injury, or co-morbid depression. ER  - 
Preliminary Asian experience of using perampanel in clinical practice$$$ Background: To analyze the efficacy and safety of perampanel over a 3-month period in a sample of Asian people with epilepsy. Methods: The efficacy and safety of perampanel as an adjunctive therapy for patients with epilepsy were retrospectively reviewed and analyzed. Patients were categorized according to seizure type, concomitant antiepileptic drug usage, and perampanel dosage. Results: A total of 210 patients were included in the study and 131 patients completed 3 months of perampanel treatment. The average dosage of perampanel was 5.31 mg/day, and the 50% responder rate (≥50% seizure frequency reduction) in all patients was 45.8%, with a 27.5% seizure-free rate. For focal seizures, focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures, and primary generalized seizures, the 50% responder rates were respectively 29.4%, 49.5%, and 36.4%. In total, 39.5% of patients experienced adverse events within 3 months of observation period, and the rate of drug withdrawal due to adverse events was 8.6%. Dizziness, ataxia, irritability/aggression were the most common adverse events. Conclusions: The efficacy and safety of perampanel in a real-world setting with Asian patients is comparable to that in clinical trials that have included fewer Asian patients. ER  - 
The effectiveness of night-time video EEG monitoring in nocturnal enuresis is low$$$ Introduction: Children with nocturnal enuresis are occasionally referred for night time videoEEG monitoring to rule out nocturnal epileptic seizures. Our goal was to evaluate the efficacy of this investigation in bedwetting. Materials and methods: We analysed retrospective data of enuretic patients examined by our digital videoEEG monitoring system. For detecting the exact time of bed-wetting we have been using enuresis alarm (in 52% of all cases). All the patients were recorded with digital videoEEG using 19 standard electrodes for one night at our hospital. The total number of enuretic children was 33, aged 3-18 years. The male: female ratio was 21:12. There was only 1 child in the group with the only diagnosis of nocturnal enuresis. All the other patients had behavioural problems, ADHD, learning disability, tics, daytime epileptic seizures or a history of head trauma or malignancy. The referring physician reported epileptiform EEG in 18 of 33 cases. Antiepileptic treatment was administered to 3 children because of epilepsy (daytime seizures) and to 4 children because of former epileptic seizures. Four patients were treated with CBZ or VPA because of bed-wetting and epileptic discharges in the EEG and the referring neurologist fearing of unrecognised epileptic seizures. Results: Nocturnal bed-wetting was recorded in 8 cases, but the exact time of the eventwas evident only in 2 of them due to enuresis alarm. In these 2 cases no epileptic ictal EEG phenomena were found in spite of the presence of inter-ictal epileptic discharges. Interictal epileptiform discharges were present in 6 of 8 wet children (75%) and in 16 children of the whole group. Conclusions: The efficacy of videoEEG in nocturnal enuresis is generally low, because the children do not sleep as well at the hospital as at home and usually they get up in time to urinate. Applying enuresis alarm helps to detect the exact time of the enuresis event in time and enables to correlate it with the ictal EEG. We did not find any case of bed-wetting being the only symptom of nighttime epilepsy. The high rate of children suffering from neurodevelopmental problems in our group might indicate that nocturnal enuresis is just a further manifestation of abnormal brain development. ER  - 
Exploding head syndrome: A co-activation of alphafrequency band oscillations as a novel interictal fingerprint?$$$ Introduction: Exploding head syndrome (EHS) is a rare paroxysmal sensory parasomnia (Mitchell, 1876), with a slight female preponderance, and generally older age of onset. It is characterised by perception of abrupt, loud noises at transitional sleep-wake or wake-sleep states. A chronic occurrence of the attacks, with a highly variable frequency, is common. Despite its association with significant fear and distress, to date the pathophysiology of this sleep disorder is largely unclear, with some hypothesising sudden involuntary movements of middle ear components or the Eustachian tube. Others suspect a delay in the reduction of activity in selected areas of the brain stem reticular formation as the patient passes to sleep. More recently, transient calcium channel dysfunction has also been suggested. The aim of this study was to explore large-scale electrophysiological signatures of EHS by utilizing a novel EEG analysis with focus on multi-frequency temporal interactions. Materials and methods: A retrospective case-control study of polysomnographic recordings of 4 patients (3 females, age range 53-69 years) with EHS, who were investigated between 2015 and 2017, was conducted. Only patients without other neurological conditions were included. All investigated recordings were interictal, with no EEG records of the sensory experience of EHS captured. Controls consisted of four patients without sleep or neurological pathologies, investigated during the same period, who were closely matched for age and for time period of being awake after falling asleep (e.g. WASO). Electroencephalographic analyses of records were performed on the sensor level. The whole-night time-frequency analysis (TFA) was derived using short-time Fourier transformation (STFT) with a 4096-point window and 4068 overlap on the signal of O1, O2, C3 and C4 electrodes, for frequencies in the range 0.05-45 Hz at a step of 0.03 Hz. Similarly, an event-related spectral topography and the TFA analysis were estimated using event-related FFT-based transformations. The resulting full range sleep spectrograms were analysed for the presence of between-frequency power interactions, and their interplay with the sleep stages. Results: Hypnospectrogram analysis demonstrated the simultaneous power increase (co-activation) of alpha oscillations with another frequency band occurring at all WASO periods, in all four EHS patients. Co-activation was absent from all WASO periods of controls. In three patients, coactivation was with theta frequency band, whilst in one patient the second frequency band was in beta frequency, about 18 Hz. Spectral topography analysis suggested that the coexisting activations originated from distinct brain regions, which was also supported by hypnospectrogram analysis. No distinct EEG pattern or EEG event were found to consistently precede the co-activation periods. Conclusions: Alpha-frequency band oscillations have been shown to phase-lock between widely separated cortical regions, and to form functional large-scale networks during stimulus processing and task execution. Their co-activation with other frequencies has been demonstrated to occur in response to cognitive demands. Our results suggest that EHS patients, unlike controls, exhibit an interictal EEG pattern of significant alpha frequency co-activations during sleep-wake states, perhaps implying substantial cognitive processing at transitional states of diminished consciousness, leading to erroneous amplification and modulation of external sensory stimuli. ER  - 
Feasibility study of a randomised controlled trial to investigate the treatment of sarcoidosis-associated fatigue with methylphenidate (FaST-MP): A study protocol$$$ Fatigue is a frequent and troublesome manifestation of chronic sarcoidosis. This symptom can be debilitating and difficult to treat, with poor response to the treatment. Symptomatic management with neurostimulants, such as methylphenidate, is a possible treatment option. The use of such treatment strategies is not without precedent and has been trialled in cancer-related fatigue. Their use in sarcoidosis requires further evaluation before it can be recommended for clinical practice. Methods and analysis The Fatigue and Sarcoidosis - Treatment with Methylphenidate study is a randomised, controlled, parallel-arm and feasibility trial of methylphenidate for the treatment of sarcoidosis-associated fatigue. Patients are eligible if they have a diagnosis of sarcoidosis, significant fatigue (measured using the Fatigue Assessment Scale) and have stable disease. Up to 30 participants will be randomly assigned to either methylphenidate (20 mg two times per day) or identical placebo in a 3:2 ratio for 24 weeks. The primary objective is to collect data determining the feasibility of a future study powered to determine the clinical efficacy of methylphenidate for sarcoidosis-associated fatigue. The trial is presently open and will continue until July 2018. Ethics and dissemination Ethical approval for the study was granted by the Cambridge Central Research Ethics Committee on 21 June 2016 (reference 16/EE/0087) and was approved and sponsored by the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital (reference 190280). Clinical Trial Authorisation (EudraCT number 2016-000342-60) from the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) was granted on 19 April 2016. Results will be presented at relevant conferences and submitted to appropriate journals following trial closure and analysis. Trial registration number NCT02643732; Pre-results. ER  - 
Retrospective, multicohort analysis of the Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD) to determine differences in the cost of medication wastage, dispensing fees and prescriber time of issuing either short (<60 days) or long (≥60 days) prescription lengths in primary care for common, chronic conditions in the UK$$$ Objectives: To investigate patterns of early repeat prescriptions and treatment switching over an 11-year period to estimate differences in the cost of medication wastage, dispensing fees and prescriber time for short (<60 days) and long (≥60 days) prescription lengths from the perspective of the National Health Service in the UK. Setting: Retrospective, multiple cohort study of primary care prescriptions from the Clinical Practice Research Datalink. Participants: Five random samples of 50 000 patients each prescribed oral drugs for (1) glucose control in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM); (2) hypertension in T2DM; (3) statins (lipid management) in T2DM; (4) secondary prevention of myocardial infarction; and (5) depression. Primary and secondary outcome measures The volume of medication wastage from early repeat prescriptions and three other types of treatment switches was quantified and costed. Dispensing fees and prescriber time were also determined. Total unnecessary costs (TUC; cost of medication wastage, dispensing fees and prescriber time) associated with <60 day and ≥60 day prescriptions, standardised to a 120-day period, were then compared. Results: Longer prescription lengths were associated with more medication waste per prescription. However, when including dispensing fees and prescriber time, longer prescription lengths resulted in lower TUC. This finding was consistent across all five cohorts. Savings ranged from £8.38 to £12.06 per prescription per 120 days if a single long prescription was issued instead of multiple short prescriptions. Prescriber time costs accounted for the largest component of TUC. Conclusions: Shorter prescription lengths could potentially reduce medication wastage, but they may also increase dispensing fees and/or the time burden of issuing prescriptions. ER  - 
Efficacy of an interventional educational programme in mitigating post-traumatic stress in parents who have witnessed a febrile seizure: A pilot before-and-after study$$$ Objectives To measure post-traumatic stress in parents who have witnessed their child’s first simple febrile seizure and to assess the impact of workshops where information is dispensed, proper reactions are demonstrated and dialogue is encouraged on the mitigation of parental stress. Design A pilot before-and-after study, with control group, using self-reported measures from the Impact of Event Scale-Revised. setting Data from two French participating centres. Participants A total of 50 parents who witnessed their child’s first simple febrile seizure. Intervention Parents selected themselves into either group 1: attending a workshop (intervention group), or group 2: no further management (control group). Primary and secondary outcome measures (1) Parental post-traumatic stress was assessed by the Impact of Event Scale-Revised a minimum of 4 weeks after the seizure (before any workshop if applicable). A high risk of developing post-traumatic stress disorder was indicated by a score ≥33. (2) To assess the efficacy of workshops on the mitigation of parental stress, all parents self-completed the Impact of Event Scale-Revised a second time at a minimum of 10 weeks after the seizure (after any workshop if applicable). results Four weeks after the seizure, 76% of the total parents presented an Impact of Event Scale-Revised score ≥33. At 10 weeks after the seizure, the scores were 18.1 points lower (95% CI 11.66 to 24.61, P<0.0001) in group 1 versus only 5.51 points lower (95% CI 2.76 to 8.27, P=0.0003) in group 2 (intragroup comparison), and were significantly lower in group 1 compared with group 2 (intergroup comparison), P=0.02. conclusions Parents who have witnessed their child’s first simple febrile seizure are at high risk of developing post-traumatic stress disorder 4 weeks after the seizure. Our innovative workshops are associated with a significant mitigation of the parental post-traumatic stress. ER  - 
Retrospective review of paediatric case reports of Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis with lamotrigine from an international pharmacovigilance database$$$ Objectives This study aims to characterise paediatric reports with lamotrigine (LTG) and Stevens-Johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis (SJS/TEN), and to explore whether potential risk factors can be identified. Design This is a retrospective review of suspected adverse drug reaction (ADR) reports. Reported time from LTG start to SJS/TEN onset, indication for use and dose was explored. To identify potential risk groups, report features (eg, ages, patient sex, co-reported drugs) for LTG and SJS/TEN were contrasted with two reference groups in the same database, using shrinkage logOR. Setting Reports were retrieved from VigiBase, the WHO global database of individual case safety reports, in January 2015. Patients Data for patients aged ≤17 years old were extracted. Results There were 486 reports of SJS/TEN in LTG-treated paediatric patients. Ninety-seven per cent of the cases with complete information on time to onset of SJS/TEN occurred within 8 weeks of initiation of LTG therapy. The median time to onset was 15 days (IQR: 10–22 days). The proportion of SJS/TEN with LTG and valproic acid (VPA) co-reporting was significantly more than non-cutaneous ADRs (43% vs 19%, (logOR: 1.60 (99% CI: 1.33 to 1.84)). Conclusions The results suggest that VPA co-medication with LTG therapy is a risk factor for SJS/TEN in the paediatric population. Although this relationship has been identified from individual case reports, this is the first supportive study from a large compilation of cases. SJS/TEN risk is highest in first 8 weeks of treatment with LTG in children and clinicians should be aware of this risk during this period. ER  - 
Association of HLA-A and HLA-B alleles with lamotrigine-induced cutaneous adverse drug reactions in the Thai population$$$ Background: Lamotrigine (LTG) is commonly used for treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is one of the common cause of cutaneous adverse drug reactions (CADR). Clinical symptoms of LTG-induced CADR range from maculopapular exanthema (MPE) to severe cutaneous adverse reactions (SCAR). This study aimed to determine the association of the LTG-induced CADR with human leukocyte antigen (HLA) alleles in Thai patients. Methods: Fifteen patients with LTG-induced CADR [10 MPE; 4 Stevens-Johnson syndrome; and 1 drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms] and 50 LTG-tolerant controls were included in the study. HLA-A and HLA-B genotyping was performed using polymerase chain reaction-sequence-specific oligonucleotides probes. Results: The proportion of HLA-A*02:07 and HLA-B*15:02 allele carriers were significantly higher in the LTG-induced CADR group than in the tolerant controls [odds ratio (OR): 7.83; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.60-38.25; P = 0.013, and OR: 4.89; 95% CI: 1.28-18.67; P = 0.014]. In addition, subjects with HLA-A*33:03, HLA-B*15:02, and HLA-B*44:03 were significantly higher in the LTG-induced MPE group than in the tolerant controls (OR: 8.27; 95% CI: 1.83-37.41; P = 0.005, OR: 7.33; 95% CI: 1.63-33.02; P = 0.005; and OR: 10.29; 95% CI: 1.45-72.81; P = 0.029). In contrast to the LTG-induced MPE group, there were no significant differences between HLA alleles and LTG-induced SCAR group. Conclusion: HLA-A*02:07 and HLA-B*15:02 were associated with LTG-induced CADR in Thai patients. We also identified an association between HLA-A*33:03, HLA-B*15:02, and HLA-B*44:03 and LTG-induced MPE in this population. These results suggest that these alleles could be useful screening markers for preventing CADR before LTG treatment in Thai patients, but further replication studies with larger sample sizes are needed. ER  - 
Ayahuasca Exposure: Descriptive Analysis of Calls to US Poison Control Centers from 2005 to 2015$$$ Background: Ayahuasca is a hallucinogenic plant preparation which usually contains the vine Banisteriopsis caapi and the shrub Psychotria viridis. This tea originates from the Amazon Basin where it is used in religious ceremonies. Because interest in these religious groups spreading as well as awareness of use of ayahuasca for therapeutic and recreational purposes, its use is increasing. Banisteriopsis caapi is rich in β-carbolines, especially harmine, tetrahydroharmine and harmaline, which have monoamine oxidase inhibiting (MAOI) activity. Psychotria viridis contains the 5HT2A/2C/1A receptor agonist hallucinogen N,N-dimethyltryptamine (DMT). Usual desired effects include hallucination, dissociation, mood alteration and perception change. Undesired findings previously reported are nausea, vomiting, hypertension, and tachycardia. Methods: All human exposure calls reported to the American Association of Poison Controls Centers' (AAPCC) National Poison Data System (NPDS) between September 1, 2005 and September 1, 2015 were reviewed. Cases were filtered for specific plant derived ayahuasca-related product codes. Abstracted data included the following: case age and gender, exposure reason, exposure route, clinical manifestations, treatments given, medical outcomes and fatality. Results: Five hundred and thirty-eight exposures to ayahuasca botanical products were reported. The majority of the calls to poison control centers came from healthcare facilities (83%). The most common route of exposure was ingestion. Most cases were men (437, 81%, 95% CI 77.7% - 84.3%). The median age was 21 (IQR 18-29). Most exposures were acute. Three hundred thirty-seven (63%) were reported to have a major or moderate clinical effect. The most common clinical manifestations reported were hallucinations (35%), tachycardia (34%), agitation (34%), hypertension (16%), mydriasis (13%) and vomiting (6%). Benzodiazepines were commonly given (30%). There were 28 cases in the series who required endotracheal intubation (5%). Four cases were reported to have had a cardiac arrest and 7 a respiratory arrest. Twelve cases had a seizure. Reports of exposures called to poison centers appeared to increase during this period based on annual estimates. Three fatalities were reported. Conclusions: Ayahuasca use appears to be rising in the United States based on calls to poison control centers. While most use is reported to be safe and well tolerated, with possible beneficial effects, serious and life threatening adverse manifestations are possible. Most of the exposures reported to poison control centers were young people, more likely to be men and already in a healthcare facility. Further research, which includes comprehensive drug testing, will be needed to better identify the risks and effects of ayahuasca use. ER  - 
Situational analysis to inform development of primary care and community-based mental health services for severe mental disorders in Nepal$$$ Background: Nepal is representative of Low and Middle Income Countries (LMIC) with limited availability of mental health services in rural areas, in which the majority of the population resides. Methods: This formative qualitative study explores resources, challenges, and potential barriers to the development and implementation of evidence-based Comprehensive Community-based Mental Health Services (CCMHS) in accordance with the mental health Gap Action Programme (mhGAP) for persons with severe mental health disorders and epilepsy. Focus Group Discussions (FGDs, n=9) and Key-Informant Interviews (KIIs, n=26) were conducted in a rural district in western Nepal. Qualitative data were coded using the Framework Analysis Method employing QSR NVIVO software. Results: Health workers, general community members, and persons living with mental illness typically attributed mental illness to witchcraft, curses, and punishment for sinful acts. Persons with mental illness are often physically bound or locked in structures near their homes. Mental health services in medical settings are not available. Traditional healers are often the first treatment of choice. Primary care workers are limited both by lack of knowledge about mental illness and the inability to prescribe psychotropic medication. Health workers supported upgrading their existing knowledge and skills through mhGAP resources. Health workers lacked familiarity with basic computing and mobile technology, but they supported the introduction of mobile technology for delivering effective mental health services. Persons with mental illness and their family members supported the development of patient support groups for collective organization and advocacy. Stakeholders also supported development of focal community resource persons to aid in mental health service delivery and education. Conclusion: Health workers, persons living with mental illness and their families, and other stakeholders identified current gaps and barriers related to mental health services. However, respondents were generally supportive in developing community-based care in rural Nepal. ER  - 
Eslicarbazepine acetate as adjunctive therapy in clinical practice: ESLADOBA study$$$ Objective: To assess seizure control and tolerability of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) as adjunctive therapy to one baseline antiepileptic drug (AED), in adults with partial-onset seizures (POS) with or without secondary generalization. Methods: Multicenter, non-interventional, prospective cohort study conducted between March 2012 and September 2014 at 12 neurology departments in Portugal. Adults with POS not controlled with one AED who had initiated ESL as adjunctive treatment were enrolled. Retention rate was defined at the final visit (Vfinal) 6-9 months of follow-up. Proportion of responders, seizure-free, changes in seizure frequency were evaluated using patients' diaries. Clinical Global Impression of Change (CGI-C) and Clinical Global Impression of Severity (CGI-S) were assessed by the neurologist. Results: Fifty-two patients (48.1% male) were included with mean age 41.5±13.3 years. Mean epilepsy duration was 18.5±14.8 years; mean seizure frequency in the four previous weeks to baseline was 7.5±12.7. At Vfinal, retention rate was 73.0%; responder rate and seizure-free rates were 71.1% and 39.5%, respectively. The median relative reduction in seizure frequency between baseline and Vfinal was 82.2%. A reduction in epilepsy severity (CGI-S) was observed in 42.1%. According to CGI-C, 73.6% patients had their epilepsy “much improved” or “very much improved”. Twelve patients (23.1%) had at least one adverse event (AE), two (3.9%) had one serious AE, and five (9.6%) discontinued due to AE. Conclusions: Eslicarbazepine acetate showed good retention rates, elicited a significant reduction in seizure frequency, and was well tolerated when used in the clinical practice. ER  - 
Dopamine serotonin stabilizer RP5063: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial of safety and efficacy in exacerbation of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder$$$ The study objectives were to evaluate the efficacy, safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of RP5063 versus placebo. The study was conducted in adults with acute exacerbation of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. This 28-day, multicenter, placebo-controlled, double-blind study randomized 234 subjects to RP5063 15, 30, or 50 mg; aripiprazole; or placebo (3:3:3:1:2) once daily. The aripiprazole arm was included solely to show assay sensitivity and was not powered to show efficacy. The primary endpoint was change from baseline to Day 28/EOT (End-of-Treatment) in Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) total score; secondary endpoints included PANSS subscales, improvement ≥ 1 point on the Clinical Global Impressions-Severity (CGI-S), depression and cognition scales. The primary analysis of PANSS Total showed improvement by a mean (SE) of − 20.23 (2.65), − 15.42 (2.04), and − 19.21 (2.39) in the RP5063 15, 30, and 50 mg arms, versus − 11.41 (3.45) in the placebo arm. The difference between treatment and placebo reached statistical significance for the 15 mg (p = 0.021) and 50 mg (p = 0.016) arms. Improvement with RP5063 was also seen for multiple secondary efficacy outcomes. Discontinuation for any reason was much lower for RP5063 (14%, 25%, 12%) versus placebo (26%) and aripiprazole (35%). The most common treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAE) in the RP5063 groups were insomnia and agitation. There were no significant changes in body weight, electrocardiogram, or incidence of orthostatic hypotension; there was a decrease in blood glucose, lipid profiles, and prolactin levels. In conclusion, the novel dopamine serotonin stabilizer, RP5063 is an efficacious and well-tolerated treatment for acute exacerbation of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. ER  - 
Influence of epileptic activity during sleep on cognitive performance in benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes$$$ Background Benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes is benign childhood epilepsy, presenting between 4 and 10 years of age, characterized by typical clinical and EEG findings. Despite excellent prognosis, there are reports of mild cognitive, language, fine motor and behavioral difficulties. In its atypical form – electrical status epilepticus during slow wave sleep, continuous epileptiform activity during sleep lead to severe neurocognitive deterioration. Our objective was to investigate the influence of abundant sleep epileptiform activity, not fulfilling the criteria for electrical status epilepticus during Slow Wave Sleep, discovered randomly in children without overt intellectual impairment. Methods We retrospectively reviewed the charts and EEG's of 34 children with benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes, who underwent neurocognitive evaluation. The neurocognitive battery included items in the following domains: attention span, memory, language, fine motor and behavior. Patients were divided into two groups according to the spike wave index on sleep EEG, with a cut-off point of 50%. The groups were compared regarding to neurocognitive performance. Outcomes Children with epileptiform activity of more than 50%, were diagnosed at a significantly younger age (5.13 ± 1.94 years vs. 7.17 ± 2.45, p = 0.014 T test), had less controlled seizures and received more antiepileptic drugs. However, there was no difference in neurocognitive performance, except in fine motor tasks (Pegboard), where children with more abundant activity were scored lower (−0.79 ± 0.96 vs. 0.20 ± 1.05, p = 0.011, T test). Conclusion Our study did not show negative cognitive effect of abundant epileptiform activity discovered randomly in children with benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes, warranting aggressive treatment. ER  - 
Effects of chair yoga therapy on physical fitness in patients with psychiatric disorders: A 12-week single-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction Since falls may lead to fractures and have serious, potentially fatal outcomes, prevention of falls is an urgent public health issue. We examined the effects of chair yoga therapy on physical fitness among psychiatric patients in order to reduce the risk of falls, which has not been previously reported in the literature. Methods In this 12-week single-blind randomized controlled trial with a 6-week follow-up, inpatients with mixed psychiatric diagnoses were randomly assigned to either chair yoga therapy in addition to ongoing treatment, or treatment-as-usual. Chair yoga therapy was conducted as twice-weekly 20-min sessions over 12 weeks. Assessments included anteflexion in sitting, degree of muscle strength, and Modified Falls Efficacy Scale (MFES) as well as QOL, psychopathology and functioning. Results Fifty-six inpatients participated in this study (36 men; mean ± SD age, 55.3 ± 13.7 years; schizophrenia 87.5%). In the chair yoga group, significant improvements were observed in flexibility, hand-grip, lower limb muscle endurance, and MFES at week 12 (mean ± SD: 55.1 ± 16.6 to 67.2 ± 14.0 cm, 23.6 ± 10.6 to 26.8 ± 9.7 kg, 4.9 ± 4.0 to 7.0 ± 3.9 kg, and 114.9 ± 29.2 to 134.1 ± 11.6, respectively). Additionally, these improvements were observable six weeks after the intervention was over. The QOL-VAS improved in the intervention group while no differences were noted in psychopathology and functioning between the groups. The intervention appeared to be highly tolerable without any notable adverse effects. Conclusions The results indicated sustainable effects of 20-min, 12-week, 24-session chair yoga therapy on physical fitness. Chair yoga therapy may contribute to reduce the risk of falls and their unwanted consequences in psychiatric patients. ER  - 
Downwards Vertical Attention Bias in Conversion Disorder vs Controls: A Pilot Study$$$ Background Conversion disorder (CD) is a largely enigmatic disorder, one that requires a thorough ruling-out process. Prior research suggests that metaphors and conceptualization are rooted in physical experience, and that we interpret our affective world through metaphors. Spatial metaphors (interaction of affect and vertical space) are a prominent example of the grounding of metaphors. This is a relatively unpaved direction of research of CD. Objectives The present pilot study sought to explore this view by investigating the “healthy is up, sick is down” spatial metaphors (e.g., “fell ill” and “top shape”) in patients with CD, examining the correlation between the processing of bodily-related words, CD, and vertical space. We hypothesized that patients with CD, who experience their bodies as ill, will demonstrate a downwards bias when processing bodily-related words; corresponding to the “healthy is up, sick is down” spatial metaphor. Methods A total of 8 female patients (ages M-38.13 SD-10.44) and 42 female controls (ages M-36.4 SD-14.57) performed a visual attention task. Participants were asked to identify a spatial probe at the top or the bottom of a screen, following either a bodily related (e.g., arm) or non–bodily related (e.g., clock) prime word. Results As predicted, when processing bodily-related words, patients with CD demonstrated a downwards attention bias. Moreover, the higher the patient's level of somatization, the faster the patient detected lower (vs upper) spatial targets. Conclusions This study suggests that the changed health paradigm of patients with CD is grounded in sensorimotor perception. Further research could propose new diagnostic and treatment options for CD. ER  - 
Characterization of a Factual Knowledge–Associated Brain Memory Area by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Implementation in Tumor and Epilepsy Brain Surgery$$$ Background The role of the dominant hippocampus in verbal and episodic memory recall has been extensively investigated. However, there are categories of memory estimated independent of hippocampal function. In particular, factual knowledge is solely constituted from written or spoken input independent on undertaken experience, but the temporal structures involved are not well defined. Methods In this retrospective study, we mapped the activity of factual knowledge recall using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) in 60 patients scheduled for tumor or epilepsy surgery and in 18 patients resected within or close to the left mesial temporal lobe. Memory tests were performed preoperatively and postoperatively to investigate deficit symptoms in factual knowledge retrieval. Results We found a highly reproducible localized brain area within the parahippocampal gyrus, in the depth of the dorsal collateral sulcus, which was constantly involved in factual knowledge retrieval during fMRI tasks in 93% of patients (56/60) during recall of capital cities or multiplication tasks, in two thirds of the patients mainly on the dominant side. In addition, all 18 patients after surgery within this area showed postoperative factual knowledge deficits (56% permanent, 44% transitory), memory prognosis significantly correlating with the first day's factual knowledge retrieval task results. Conclusions Using fMRI, we visualized a circumscribed brain area within the parahippocampal gyrus during factual knowledge retrieval, the lesioning of which led to factual knowledge deficits. Thus, impairment of factual knowledge retrieval may occur if resection is extended into the parahippocampal gyrus. Preoperative fMRI memory maps may contribute to avoiding such deficits. ER  - 
Seizures by the clock: Temporal patterns of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ We hypothesized that (1) the occurrence of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) is modulated by the interaction between the 24-hour clock and the sleep–wake cycle and (2) the pattern of modulation in PNES differs from epileptic seizures (ES). We sought to test our hypotheses in a cohort of patients diagnosed with PNES or ES in the setting of an epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU). We retrospectively reviewed consecutive video-EEG (VEEG) recordings of patients who underwent monitoring at the EMU of a tertiary hospital. The seizure type (PNES vs ES), onset time, and the state (sleep vs awake) were tabulated. The relationship between the onset time, the state of arousal, and the occurrence of PNES was determined using logistic regression analysis. To determine if the nature of the relationship between the state of arousal and PNES differed according to the onset time, an interaction between the onset time and the state of arousal was also fitted to the model. We studied a total of 754 seizures (ES, 437; PNES, 317) from 135 patients consisting of 71 (52.6%) females and 64 (47.4%) males with the median age of 39 years (range, 18–91). We found a significant association between the state of arousal and PNES with the odds of being PNES four times higher when patients were awake (OR: 4.27, 95% CI: 2.44–7.48; p < 0.0001) compared with when they were asleep. The analysis further revealed a significant interaction between the onset time and the state of arousal (p = 0.004). The odds of being PNES were significantly higher if the seizure occurred when the patient was awake at night. These patterns possibly indicate the complex interaction between the sleep–wake cycle and the 24-hour time cycle in the generation of PNES. ER  - 
Identifying psychogenic seizures through comorbidities and medication history$$$ Objective: Low-cost evidence-based tools are needed to facilitate the early identification of patients with possible psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Prior to accurate diagnosis, patients with PNES do not receive interventions that address the cause of their seizures and therefore incur high medical costs and disability due to an uncontrolled seizure disorder. Both seizures and comorbidities may contribute to this high cost. Methods: Based on data from 1,365 adult patients with video-electroencephalography–confirmed diagnoses from a single center, we used logistic and Poisson regression to compare the total number of comorbidities, number of medications, and presence of specific comorbidities in five mutually exclusive groups of diagnoses: epileptic seizures (ES) only, PNES only, mixed PNES and ES, physiologic nonepileptic seizurelike events, and inconclusive monitoring. To determine the diagnostic utility of comorbid diagnoses and medication history to differentiate PNES only from ES only, we used multivariate logistic regression, controlling for sex and age, trained using a retrospective database and validated using a prospective database. Results: Our model differentiated PNES only from ES only with a prospective accuracy of 78% (95% confidence interval =72–84%) and area under the curve of 79%. With a few exceptions, the number of comorbidities and medications was more predictive than a specific comorbidity. Comorbidities associated with PNES were asthma, chronic pain, and migraines (p < 0.01). Comorbidities associated with ES were diabetes mellitus and nonmetastatic neoplasm (p < 0.01). The population-level analysis suggested that patients with mixed PNES and ES may be a population distinct from patients with either condition alone. Significance: An accurate patient-reported medical history and medication history can be useful when screening for possible PNES. Our prospectively validated and objective score may assist in the interpretation of the medication and medical history in the context of the seizure description and history. ER  - 
Real-world data on rufinamide treatment in patients with Lennox–Gastaut syndrome: Results from a European noninterventional registry study$$$ Introduction Rufinamide is approved for the adjunctive treatment of seizures associated with Lennox–Gastaut syndrome (LGS) in patients aged ≥ 4 years. The objective of this study was to provide real-world, long-term data on patients with LGS initiating rufinamide as add-on therapy and patients with LGS receiving other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Methods A Phase IV, noninterventional, multicenter registry study was conducted in patients with LGS aged ≥ 4 years requiring modification to any AED treatment, including initiation of add-on rufinamide therapy. Safety/tolerability was assessed by evaluating treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs), and efficacy was assessed using a generic seizure frequency scale. Results A total of 111 patients from 64 sites in 8 European countries were included, of whom 64 initiated rufinamide (“rufinamide” group) and 21 did not receive rufinamide at any time during the study (“no-rufinamide” group). Mean ages were 16.1 years (rufinamide) and 15.0 years (no rufinamide). The median duration of follow-up was > 2 years (range: 1.3–46.4 months). Antiepileptic drug-related TEAEs were reported for 40.6% (rufinamide) and 33.3% (no rufinamide) of patients and led to discontinuation of 7.8% and 4.8%, respectively. The most frequently reported rufinamide-related TEAEs (≥ 5% patients) were somnolence (7.8%) and decreased appetite (6.3%). There were no unexpected safety/tolerability findings. At month 12, the proportion of patients with improvement in all seizures (“much improved” or “very much improved”) was 28.6% (12/42) for the rufinamide group and 14.3% (2/14) for the no-rufinamide group. Conclusion The study provided valuable information on LGS and its management, and evidence that rufinamide has a consistent and generally favorable safety/tolerability profile when used in routine clinical practice. ClinicalTrials.Gov identifier NCT01991041 ER  - 
Psychiatric and behavioral side effects of antiepileptic drugs in adults with epilepsy$$$ Purpose Psychiatric and behavioral side effects (PBSEs) are common, undesirable effects associated with antiepileptic drug (AED) use. The objective of the study was to compare the PBSE profiles of older and newer AEDs in a large specialty practice-based sample of patients diagnosed with epilepsy. Methods As part of the Columbia and Yale AED Database Project, we reviewed patient records including demographics, medical history, AED use, and side effects for 4085 adult patients (age: 18 years) newly started on an AED regimen. Psychiatric and behavioral side effects were determined by patient or physician report in the medical record, which included depressive mood, psychosis, anxiety, suicidal thoughts, irritability, aggression, and tantrum. Significant non-AED predictors of PBSE rate were first determined from 83 variables using logistic regression. Predictors were then controlled for in the comparison analysis of the rate of PBSEs and intolerable PBSEs (PBSEs that led to dosage reduction or discontinuation) between 18 AEDs. Results Psychiatric and behavioral side effects occurred in 17.2% of patients and led to intolerability in 13.8% of patients. History of psychiatric condition(s), secondary generalized seizures, absence seizures, and intractable epilepsy were associated with increased incidence of PBSE. Levetiracetam (LEV) had the greatest PBSE rate (22.1%). This was statistically significant when compared with the aggregate of the other AEDs (P < 0.001, OR = 6.87). Levetiracetam was also significantly (P < 0.001) associated with higher intolerability rate (17.7%), dose decreased rate (9.4%), and complete cessation rate (8.3%), when compared with the aggregate of the other AEDs. Zonisamide (ZNS) was also significantly associated with a higher rate of PBSE (9.7%) and IPBSE (7.9%, all P < 0.001). On the other hand, carbamazepine (CBZ), clobazam (CLB), gabapentin (GBP), lamotrigine (LTG), oxcarbazepine (OXC), phenytoin (PHT), and valproate (VPA) were significantly associated with a decreased PBSE rates (P < 0.001). Carbamazepine, GBP, LTG, PHT, and VPA were also associated with lower IPBSE rates when compared individually with the aggregate of other AEDs. All other AEDs were found to have intermediate rates that were not either increased or decreased compared with other AEDs. When each AED was compared to LTG, only CBZ had a significantly lower PBSE rate. The main limitations of this study were that the study design was retrospective and not blinded, and the AEDs were not randomly assigned to patients. Conclusions Psychiatric and behavioral side effects occur more frequently in patients taking LEV and ZNS than any other AED and led to higher rates of intolerability. Lower PBSE rates were seen in patients taking CBZ, CLB, GBP, LTG, OXC, PHT, and VPA. Our findings may help facilitate the AED selection process. ER  - 
Gastrointestinal dysfunctions as a risk factor for sleep disorders in children with idiopathic autism spectrum disorder: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Sleep disorders often co-occur with autism spectrum disorder. They further exacerbate autism spectrum disorder symptoms and interfere with children’s and parental quality of life. This study examines whether gastrointestinal dysfunctions increase the odds of having sleep disorders in 610 children with idiopathic autism spectrum disorder, aged 2–18 years, from the Autism Genetic Resource Exchange research program. The adjusted odds ratio for sleep disorder among those with gastrointestinal dysfunctions compared to those without was 1.74 (95% confidence interval: 1.22–2.48). In addition, the odds of having multiple sleep disorder symptoms among children with gastrointestinal dysfunctions, adjusted for age, gender, behavioral problems, bed wetting, current and past supplements, and current and past medications for autism spectrum disorder symptoms were 1.75 (95% confidence interval: 1.10–2.79) compared to children without gastrointestinal dysfunctions. Early detection and treatment of gastrointestinal dysfunctions in autism spectrum disorder may be means to reduce prevalence and severity of sleep problems and improve quality of life and developmental outcomes in this population. ER  - 
Serotonin reuptake inhibitors and mortality in epilepsy: A linked primary-care cohort study$$$ Objective: Preliminary evidence suggests that serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SRI) use may increase postictal respiratory drive and prevent death. We sought to determine whether SRIs are associated with improved all-cause and possible seizure-specific mortality in patients with epilepsy. Methods: Patients with epilepsy and a random 10:1 sample without epilepsy were extracted from The ClinicAl research using LInked Bespoke studies and Electronic health Records (CALIBER) resource. The hazard ratio (HR) of all-cause and possible seizure-specific mortality, treating SRI use as a time-varying covariate, was determined using the date of a second SRI prescription as exposure and in discrete 6-month periods over the entire duration of follow-up. We used Cox regression and competing risk models with Firth correction to calculate the HR. We controlled for age, sex, depression, comorbidity, (Charlson comorbidity index) and socioeconomic status (Index of Multiple Deprivation). Results: We identified 2,718,952 eligible patients in CALIBER, of whom 16,379 (0.60%) had epilepsy. Median age and follow-up were 44 (interquartile range [IQR] 29–61]) and 6.4 years (IQR 2.4–10.4 years), respectively, and 53% were female. A total of 2,178 patients (13%) had at least two SRI prescriptions. Hazard of all-cause mortality was significantly elevated following a second prescription for an SRI (HR 1.64 95% confidence interval [95% CI] 1.44–1.86; p < 0.001). The HR was similar in 163,778 age, sex, and general practitioner (GP) practice-matched controls without epilepsy. Exposure to an SRI was not associated with seizure-related death (HR 1.08, 95% CI 0.59–1.97; 0.796). Significance: There is no evidence in this large population-based cohort that SRIs protect against all-cause mortality or seizure-specific mortality. Rather, SRI use was associated with increased mortality, irrespective of epilepsy, which is probably due to various factors associated with the use of antidepressants. Larger studies with systematically collected clinical data are needed to shed further light on these findings. ER  - 
Subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a multisite, randomised, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background Deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the subcallosal cingulate white matter has shown promise as an intervention for patients with chronic, unremitting depression. To test the safety and efficacy of DBS for treatment-resistant depression, a prospective, randomised, sham-controlled trial was conducted. Methods Participants with treatment-resistant depression were implanted with a DBS system targeting bilateral subcallosal cingulate white matter and randomised to 6 months of active or sham DBS, followed by 6 months of open-label subcallosal cingulate DBS. Randomisation was computer generated with a block size of three at each site before the site started the study. The primary outcome was frequency of response (defined as a 40% or greater reduction in depression severity from baseline) averaged over months 4–6 of the double-blind phase. A futility analysis was performed when approximately half of the proposed sample received DBS implantation and completed the double-blind phase. At the conclusion of the 12-month study, a subset of patients were followed up for up to 24 months. The study is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00617162. Findings Before the futility analysis, 90 participants were randomly assigned to active (n=60) or sham (n=30) stimulation between April 10, 2008, and Nov 21, 2012. Both groups showed improvement, but there was no statistically significant difference in response during the double-blind, sham-controlled phase (12 [20%] patients in the stimulation group vs five [17%] patients in the control group). 28 patients experienced 40 serious adverse events; eight of these (in seven patients) were deemed to be related to the study device or surgery. Interpretation This study confirmed the safety and feasibility of subcallosal cingulate DBS as a treatment for treatment-resistant depression but did not show statistically significant antidepressant efficacy in a 6-month double-blind, sham-controlled trial. Future studies are needed to investigate factors such as clinical features or electrode placement that might improve efficacy. Funding Abbott (previously St Jude Medical). ER  - 
Long-term follow-up of anterior thalamic deep brain stimulation in epilepsy: A 11-year, single center experience$$$ Purpose Anterior thalamic deep brain stimulation (ATN DBS) is an emerging, effective treatment for patients with drug-resistant epilepsy, but long-term results on its efficacy and safety are lacking. To evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of ATN DBS treatment, as well as predictors of its success, in patients with drug-refractory epilepsy (DRE). Method We retrospectively studied clinical outcomes in 29 consecutive refractory epilepsy patients treated by a single DBS team (two neurosurgeons, four neurologists) over an 11-year period, for whom follow-up was performed for up to 137 months (mean, 74.9 months). Results The average participant was 30.7 (±10.4) years old and had epilepsy for 19.3 (±9.0) years. The mean preoperative frequency of disabling partial or generalized tonic-clonic seizures was 27.5 (±8.6, SE) seizures a month. The median percent seizure reduction was 71.3% at 1 year, 73.9% at 2 years, and ranged from 61.8% to 80.0% over post-implant years 3 through 11 in the long-term study (overall 70% median reduction). In the 11-year study period, 13.8% (4/29) of subjects were seizure-free for at least 12 months during this time. There was only one symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage that happened during follow-up (3.4%). Infection requiring removal and later re-implantation of hardware occurred in only 1 of 30 patients (3.3%), who was subsequently excluded from our follow-up assessment. Hardware malfunction including lead disconnection occurred in 2 of 29 cases (6.9%). Revision of lead position to redeem poor clinical response was performed in 3 of 58 implanted leads (5.2%). Conclusions ATN DBS can be an effective therapy in a variety of patients with DRE. Importantly, we provide evidence that significant therapeutic efficacy can be sustained for up to 11 years. Neurological complications were rather rare, but long-term hardware-related complications should be followed arrectis auribus. ER  - 
The impact of treatment adherence on clinical and economic outcomes in multiple sclerosis: Real world evidence from Alberta, Canada$$$ Background Approximately 1 in 400 Albertans has multiple sclerosis (MS). The current study objective was to determine the real-world impact of adherence to disease-modifying therapies (DMTs) on healthcare utilization and costs among MS patients utilizing administrative data from the Alberta health system in Canada. Methods MS patients were identified using a validated case definition (≥ 1 inpatient record or ≥ 5 practitioner claims within 2 years) and the study index DMT was defined as the first claim for a DMT between 1 April 2011 and 31 March 2014. Treatment adherence was calculated using medication possession ratio (MPR), and patients with MPR ≥ 80% were considered adherent; healthcare utilization and costs were explored using multivariable negative binominal regression and logistic regression models. Results The majority of the 2864 MS patients identified were females, aged 35–55 years old. Overall, 66% of patients were adherent. Compared to non-adherent patients, adherent patients had fewer ambulatory care visits (all-cause: 8.8 vs 10.9, p = 0.0012; MS-related: 4.3 vs 5.3; p = 0.001), physician visits (all-cause: 15.1 vs 18.2, p = 0.0001; MS-related: 3.6 vs 4.4; p = 0.0001), and hospitalizations (all-cause: 5.2% vs 10.2%, p < 0.0001; MS-related: 1.2% vs 2.5%, p = 0.0088). After adjusting for potential confounding factors adherent patients had approximately 20% less physician visits (MS-related: IRR 0.82 (0.79,0.86), p < 0.0001; all-cause: IRR 0.83 (0.81,0.85), p < 0.0001) and ambulatory care visits (MS-related IRR 0.80 (0.77,0.84), p < 0.0001; all-cause: IRR 0.82 (0.80,0.84), p < 0.0001) and approximately 50% fewer hospitalizations (MS-related: OR 0.50 (0.28–0.89), p < 0.0001; all-cause: OR 0.48 (0.35–0.64), p < 0.0001) than non-adherent patients. Conclusions The current study found a significant impact of non-adherence to MS therapy on increased health system utilization. These findings demonstrate the importance of treatment adherence on clinical decision-making for patients with MS. ER  - 
Emotional well-being in children with epilepsy: Family factors as mediators and moderators$$$ Objective: Our objective was to examine the relationships of factors associated with children's emotional well-being 2 years after diagnosis, and to examine if these relationships are mediated or moderated by family factors. Methods: Data came from a multicenter prospective cohort study of children with newly diagnosed epilepsy from across Canada (Health-Related Quality of Life in Children with Epilepsy Study; HERQULES, n = 373). Emotional well-being was assessed using the Quality of Life in Childhood Epilepsy Questionnaire (QOLCE-55). The relationships between clinical factors, family factors, and emotional well-being were assessed using multiple regression analyses. Results: Family functioning, family stress, and repertoire of resources that the families had to adapt to stressful events were significantly associated with poor emotional well-being 2 years after diagnosis (p < 0.05) in the multivariable analysis. The effect of parental depressive symptoms was partially mediated by family functioning and family stress (p < 0.01 and p = 0.02, respectively). Family resources acted as a moderator in the relationship between severity of epilepsy and emotional well-being (p < 0.05). Significance: Based on our findings, efforts to strengthen the family environment may warrant attention. We suggest that clinicians take a family centered care approach by including families in treatment planning. Family centered care has been shown to improve family well-being and coping and in turn may reduce the impact of clinical factors on emotional well-being to improve long-term health-related quality of life. ER  - 
Medical cannabinoids in children and adolescents: A systematic review$$$ CONTEXT: Legalization of medical marijuana in many states has led to a widening gap between the accessibility and the evidence for cannabinoids as a medical treatment. OBJECTIVE: To systematically review published reports to identify the evidence base of cannabinoids as a medical treatment in children and adolescents. DATA SOURCES: Based on Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines, a search of PubMed, Medline, and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature databases was conducted in May 2017. STUDY SELECTION: Searching identified 2743 citations, and 103 full texts were reviewed. DATA EXTRACTION: Searching identified 21 articles that met inclusion criteria, including 22 studies with a total sample of 795 participants. Five randomized controlled trials, 5 retrospective chart reviews, 5 case reports, 4 open-label trials, 2 parent surveys, and 1 case series were identified. RESULTS: Evidence for benefit was strongest for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting, with increasing evidence of benefit for epilepsy. At this time, there is insufficient evidence to support use for spasticity, neuropathic pain, posttraumatic stress disorder, and Tourette syndrome. LIMITATIONS: The methodological quality of studies varied, with the majority of studies lacking control groups, limited by small sample size, and not designed to test for the statistical significance of outcome measures. Studies were heterogeneous in the cannabinoid composition and dosage and lacked long-Term follow-up to identify potential adverse effects. CONCLUSIONS: Additional research is needed to evaluate the potential role of medical cannabinoids in children and adolescents, especially given increasing accessibility from state legalization and potential psychiatric and neurocognitive adverse effects identified from studies of recreational cannabis use. ER  - 
Comorbidity burden of children with asthma in the U.S.$$$ Introduction: Certain comorbid conditions can make asthma more severe and harder to control for school-aged children (SAC). Methods: This was a cross-sectional retrospective analysis of children (aged 6-11) and adolescents (aged 12-17) in the nationally representative 2007-2013 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS). Asthma was identified by questionnaire response. Comorbid conditions were identified by ICD-9 codes. The prevalence of atopic and non-atopic conditions for SAC with asthma were compared to those of SAC without asthma using survey-design based F statistics. Results: There were 22,529 children (3,118 [13.4%] with asthma) and 21,791 adolescents (2,772 [12.8%] with asthma) totaling 44,320 SAC (aged 6-17). The prevalence of atopic conditions were statistically significantly higher among SAC with asthma compared to SAC without asthma (p<0.05): allergic rhinitis (22%; 7%), chronic sinusitis (7%; 4%), contact dermatitis (4%; 2%), food allergies (1.2%; 0.2%) psoriasis (0.4%; 0.1%) and nasal polyps (0.13%; 0%). The prevalence of non-atopic conditions were also statistically significantly higher among SAC with asthma compared to SAC without asthma (p<0.05): attention deficithyperactivity disorder [ADHD] (12%; 7%), anxiety disorder (4.2%; 2%), pneumonia (2.6%; 0.7%), seizure disorders (0.5%; 0.2%), and cerebral palsy (0.29%; 0.08%). Conclusion: SAC with asthma have a higher comorbidity burden than SAC without asthma. This additional comorbidity burden may complicate efforts to achieve optimal asthma control. Strategies to effectively manage comorbidities would likely improve asthma treatment and disease management. ER  - 
Prognostic markers for survival in patients with oligodendroglial tumors$$$ a single-institution review of 214 cases; Background: In the 2016 WHO classification, the diagnosis of oligodendroglioma has been restricted to IDH mutated, 1p19q codeleted tumors (IDHmut-codel). IDHmut oligoastrocytoma is now classified either as oligodendroglioma or astrocytoma based on presence of 1p19q codeletion. There is growing evidence that this molecular classification more closely reflects patient outcome. Due to the strong association between IDHmut-codel with oligodendroglial morphology, the additional impact of these markers on prognostic accuracy is largely unknown. Our aim was to assess the prognostic impact of IDHmut-codel in an unselected cohort of morphologically classified oligodendroglial tumors. Methods: We performed a retrospective chart review of oligodendroglial tumors (WHO grade II and III) operated since 1983. A total of 214 tumors were included, and molecular information was available for 96 tumors. The prognostic impact of IDHmut-codel together with clinical parameters was analyzed by multivariate Cox regression. Results: IDHmut-codel was registered in 64 tumors while for 150 tumors the molecular profile was negative for IDHmut-codel, unknown or incomplete. Comparison between the two groups showed that patients with IDHmut-codel tumors were younger (42 vs. 48 years), had more frequent frontal tumor location (48 vs. 33%) and presented more often with seizures (72 vs. 51%) and no signs of neurological impairment (14 vs. 30%) than patients harboring tumors with unknown or incomplete molecular profile. Multivariate survival analysis identified young age (HR 1.78 40 years), the absence of neurological deficits or personality changes (HR 0.57), frontal tumor location (HR 0.64) and the presence of IDHmut-codel (HR 0.50) as independent predictors for longer survival, whereas tumor grade was not. Conclusion: In this unselected single-institution cohort, the presence of IDHmut-codel was associated with more beneficial clinical parameters and was identified as an independent prognostic factor. We conclude that the classical oligodendroglioma genotype provides additional prognostic data beyond clinical characteristics, morphology and tumor grade. ER  - 
Epidemiology of severe mental illness in Hunan province in central China during 2014-2015: A multistage cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: Severe mental illness (SMI) represents major social and public health problem in China, especially in low- or middle-income regions. We aim to assess the prevalence and distribution of SMI in Hunan province in central China. Methods: Multistage stratified random sampling methods were used to select qualified subjects in 123 districts and counties in Hunan province. 89465 individuals were randomly identified, and 72999 (81.6%) completed the supplemental 12-Item General Health Questionnaire (GHQ-12) and Cue questionnaire of psychiatric abnormal behaviors. 6082 suspected individuals having high or moderate risk, or psychiatric cues, were administered the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Axis I disorders (SCID-I) by psychiatrists. Results: 720 respondents were definitely diagnosed as SMI. The 1-month and lifetime prevalence was 9.35 and 10.10, respectively. The most frequent SMI was schizophrenia, followed by bipolar disorder, intellectual disability, epileptic mental disorder, paranoid psychosis and schizoaffective disorders, with 1-month prevalence ranging from 0.11 to 6.50 and lifetime prevalence ranging from 0.24 to 6.86. Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that lower education, farmer occupation, retirees or jobless/unemployed, unmarried or divorced and age of 30–64 years old were major factors that associated with the increased risk of SMI. In addition, only 33.3% of 528 patients who completed questionnaire sought help in psychiatric institutions, and up to 51.7% of 720 patients were not referred to the SMI management system in Hunan province. Conclusions: These findings provided a large-scale prevalence data of SMI in a provincial sample of China. The psychiatric disorders brought economical and psychological burden for family and society, which may shed light on the significance of scaling up province-wide mental health service and strengthening the SMI management. ER  - 
Long-term safety and tolerability of a new monthly extended-release formulation of risperidone (RBP-7000) in the treatment of subjects with schizophrenia$$$ Background: RBP-7000 (risperidone in ATRIGEL® Delivery System) is a once-monthly, extended-release depot formulation in development for the treatment of schizophrenia. RBP-7000 delivers therapeutically relevant plasma concentrations of risperidone on the first day of dosing, with no required loading dosing or supplemental dosing. RBP-7000 was designed to optimise D2 receptor occupancy and to achieve rapid therapeutic concentrations with the aim of preventing early treatment failure, which is often due to partial or complete nonadherence. RBP-7000 simplifies adherence by allowing continuous treatment (monthly physician-administered dosing) instead of daily oral treatment (patient-administered) or twice-monthly treatment (physician-administered), with no need for supplemental oral dosing. These conveniences, both at treatment initiation and during maintenance therapy, may contribute to better patient outcomes by improving adherence and continuity of treatment. The efficacy, safety and tolerability of RBP-7000 were previously examined in an 8- week double-blind placebo-controlled trial (NCT02109562) that included adults (18-55 years) with a DSM-IV-TR diagnosis of schizophrenia. The primary objective of the current study (NCT02203838) was to evaluate the long-term safety and tolerability of RBP-7000. Methods: This phase 3 open-label study (53 US sites) included completers from the prior 8-week study (rollover subjects) and new patients (de novo subjects). De novo subjects were required to have a DSM-IV-TR diagnosis of schizophrenia and a Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) total score ≤70. Rollover subjects, who received 2 injections of placebo or RBP-7000 (90 mg or 120 mg) in the prior study, received 11 additional injections of open-label RBP-7000 (120 mg) in the current study. De novo subjects received 13 injections of open-label RBP-7000 (120 mg) after being titrated or converted to oral risperidone (3 or 4 mg/ day). All subjects were allowed a single down-titration to 90 mg and a single up-titration back to 120 mg based on tolerability. Safety assessments included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs), clinical laboratory tests, vital signs, electrocardiogram (ECG), Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale (AIMS), Simpson-Angus Scale (SAS), Barnes Akathisia Rating Scale (BARS) and Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS). Efficacy measures included the mean change from baseline by visit in PANSS total score. All analyses were conducted in the safety population, defined as all subjects who received ≥ 1 dose of open-label RBP-7000. Results: The safety population included 500 subjects (rollover, n =92; de novo, n = 408); 234 (46.8%) who completed the study. The majority of subjects were male (67.8%) and black/African-American (70.8%); mean age was 45.1 years. Mean baseline PANSS total scores (± SD) were: 58.0 ( ±8.33) for de novo subjects; 72.9 (±20.99), 76.4 (±15.99) and 71.0 (±13.93) for rollover subjects who previously received placebo, RBP-7000 90 mg and RBP-7000 120 mg, respectively. Overall, 73.4% of subjects had ≥ 1 TEAE, 11.6% had a TEAE that led to study discontinuation, and 8.6% had a TEAE leading to dose modification. Most TEAEs were mild or moderate; approximately 5% of subjects had a severe TEAE. TEAEs reported in >5% of all subjects were injection site pain (13.0%), weight increase (12.8%), schizophrenia (7.8%), insomnia (7.0%), injection site nodule (6.8%), akathisia (6.0%), injection site induration (5.8%), and upper respiratory tract infection (5.2%). Most subjects (>80%) did not experience injection site reactions (pain, tenderness, erythema/redness or induration/swelling), either immediately after dosing or at 3 hours postdose. Only 2 subjects discontinued the study due to an injection site reaction. Serious TEAEs were reported in 6.8% of subjects, including 4 that resulted in death (cardiac arrest, psychotic disorder, pulmonary embolism, cause unknown). However, no serious TEAE was considered related to study drug. There were no clinically meaningful changes, patterns or trends observed in laboratory parameters, vital signs or ECG parameters. No neuroleptic malignant syndromes or seizures were reported. Mean BARS, AIMS and SAS total scores remained relatively stable across study visits. There was no evidence of increased risk of suicidality based on C-SSRS assessments. The study was not powered for efficacy, but PANSS total score decreased (improved) from baseline to end of treatment in rollover subjects who previously received RBP-7000 90 mg (-12.5 [ ±15.53]) or 120 mg (-10.9 [ ± 13.16]), indicating continued improvement in acute schizophrenia following months of exposure to RBP-7000. A larger mean decrease (improvement) in PANSS total score was found in subjects who had previously received placebo (-20.2 [ ±15.59]), but the number of evaluable subjects was small. Among de novo subjects who were stable at enrollment, PANSS total score generally remained stable with a minimal mean change from baseline to end of treatment (-0.4 [ ± 8.67]). Conclusions: Except for injection site tolerability, which is expected with all subcutaneously administered medications, there were no notable safety signals. The safety profile seen with 12 monthly injections of RBP-7000 was consistent with that of oral risperidone. Importantly, schizophrenia symptoms continued to improve in previously exposed subjects with acute schizophrenia who rolled over into the longer-term study. ER  - 
Hippocampal and relational memory function in schizophrenia$$$ Background: It is well known that the hippocampus is abnormal in schizophrenia. But there is considerable debate about three questions: Is hippocampal pathology in schizophrenia 1) localized or diffuse, 2) related to abnormalities of memory, 3) present before, at the onset, or in later stages of the illness? Several neuroscientific methods (neuropathology, neuroimaging, cognitive neuroscience) and several study designs (cross-sectional and longitudinal, observational and experimental) have been employed to answer these questions. However, in contrast to other hippocampal models of disease (e.g., dementia and epilepsy), schizophrenia has not been adequately explained by hippocampal pathology. Here I will review emerging data from our laboratory and articulate crucial experiments that are needed to advance a hippocampal model of schizophrenia. Methods: We used 3T and 7T MR to map hippocampal structure and function in schizophrenia in first episode and chronic patients with schizophrenia. We tested the hypothesis that anterior, but not posterior, changes of hippocampal blood volume, blood flow and volume are present in the early stages of schizophrenia and can explain memory deficits. Results: Changes of hippocampal volume and activity preferentially affected the anterior hippocampus. Abnormalities of relational memory were present already in a subgroup of patients during the early stage of schizophrenia and were related to abnormal hippocampal-cortical connectivity. We will present the initial analysis of a 2-year longitudinal study of first episode schizophrenia to test the hypothesis of progressive changes of hippocampus and relational memory. Conclusions: The anterior hippocampus is more affected than the posterior hippocampus in schizophrenia. Abnormal hippocampal-cortical connectivity can explain relational memory impairment in schizophrenia. Findings are more heterogeneous in the early stages of schizophrenia. Longitudinal and interventional studies of schizophrenia patients in the early stage of their illness provide several opportunities to test predictions of a hippocampal model of schizophrenia. ER  - 
Lithium preserves neurocognitive functions by proving a decrease in prevalence of neurological diseases & myocardial infarction: The lithium archive project$$$ Background: Lithium has been used as a mood stabilizer medication for bipolar disorder for more than 50 years. Laboratory and animal studies have demonstrated that lithium salts have cytoprotective actions, and may therefore ameliorate or prevent a variety of neurological and possibly other disease states. In a rat model of cerebral vascular accident, post-infarct lithium treatment has been demonstrated to reduce both stroke volume and functional deficits compared to control treatments. We are interested in examining if a disease-sparing effect of lithium may be observable in human patients taking regular oral lithium therapy. This study compares the prevalence of cardiovascular and neurological disease in psychiatric outpatients receiving and not receiving lithium. Methods: This study consists of a retrospective chart review of adult psychiatric outpatients at the New York State Psychiatric Institute Lithium Clinic and two affiliate lithium clinics of the Columbia University Medical Center and the Foundation for Mood Disorders. Who were receiving and not receiving regular oral lithium treatment to compare the prevalence of severe neurological and cardiovascular disorders in them. These clinics specialize in the treatment of mood disorders and the majority of patients were diagnosed with either major depression or bipolar disorders. All patient diagnoses were made by board-certified psychiatrists, and patients were assigned to lithium treatment as appropriate for their individual diagnoses. All patients in the practice underwent yearly physical exams and blood chemistries performed by an independent medical practice. Data extracted from the medical records included patient demographic information, diagnosis, treatment information, and any reported medical or neurological disorders. One thousand one hundred and sixteen patients were studied. Of these 1,116, 626 (56%) received lithium treatment. Odds ratios were calculated to assess the risk of having a disorder for patients receiving lithium compared to patients not receiving lithium. A logistic regression model was used to examine the predictive role of lithium in the prevalence of neurological and cardiovascular disease among the study subjects. Results: To date, 1,116 patients have been entered in the database (53.8% female, and 45.9% male), ranging in age from 18 to 88 years old (mean = 42.2 yrs; sd = 14.8 yrs). Of these, 626 patients (56%) received lithium treatment, with the average duration of lithium therapy being 2.75 years (range 0.1 - 30.0 yrs; sd = 4.82 yrs). The frequency of any neurological disease in this group was low: there were 178 unique disorders occurring in 117 patients (10.8% of all patients). The frequency of specific conditions ranged from 39 patients with a history of Migraine Headache, to zero patients with Huntington's Chorea, Down's Syndrome, Lewy Body Disease, and Multi-Infarct Dementia. For seizures, the OR was 0.096 (95% CI: 0.021 - 0.428). For dementia - not otherwise specified (D-NOS), the OR was 0.112 (95% CI: 0.017 - 0.921). For amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), the OR was 0.112 (95% CI: 0.015 - 0.920). For myocardial infarction (MI), the OR was 0.291 (95% CI: 0.112 - 0.753). Odds ratios for all other disorders (Alzheimer's Disease, Cerebrovascular Disease, CNS Neoplasm, Down's Syndrome, Huntington's Disease, Lewy-Body Disease, Migraine Headache, Multi-Infarct Dementia, Multiple Sclerosis, Optic Atrophy/Neuritis, Parkinson's Disease, Stroke, Syncope) were found to be equivalent to unity. For ALS, D-NOS, Seizures, and MI, lithium treatment was found to be negative predictor of disease occurrence when patient age, duration of clinic attendance, and use of any anti-psychotic medication were controlled. Conclusions: Patients receiving long-term lithium treatment for psychiatric illness have a significantly lower prevalence of seizure disorders, ALS, Dementia (NOS), and MI, compared to psychiatric outpatients not receiving lithium therapy. These results suggest that long-term lithium treatment may protect against some neurological disorders and myocardial infarction in human patients taking lithium. ER  - 
An open label, non-randomized update suggests focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST) may have a reduced time to re-orientation compared to right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (UBP-RUL ECT)$$$ Background: Focal Electrically Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST), is a novel form of Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), designed to restrict the focus of the electrical stimulus to the frontal lobe, thereby reducing electrical stimulus elsewhere in the brain. Recent small open label studies have suggested that FEAST's enhanced focality may confer a reduced cognitive side effect burden (1, 2). To date there has been no work directly comparing FEAST, to other forms of conventional ECT. We subsequently continued the development of this novel form of ECT by comparing FEAST's effects to those of Right Unilateral Ultra-Brief Pulse (UBP-RUL), which has previously been shown to have the most favorable profile of cognitive side effects. Methods: In a non-randomized, open label fashion, 23 depressed adults were recruited after being referred for ECT at MUSC, or AU. Sixteen received a course of FEAST (11 women; 2 bipolar disorder; age 44.7 13.8), and 7 received a course of UBP-RUL (5 women; 2 bipolar disorder; age 41.4 15.3). Both forms of ECT were delivered using a MECTA spECTrum 5000Q device (modified in the case of FEAST). Clinical and cognitive assessments were obtained at baseline, and end of the treatment course. The time to orientation recovery, a predictor of amnestic effects, was assessed at each treatment and served as our primary marker of cognitive side effect burden. Efficacy was assessed using the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD24). Results: Those participants receiving FEAST, had a numeric reduction in median time to reorientation of 5.4 5.0 minutes (from eyes open until 4/5 orientation), as compared to those participants receiving UBP-RUL, which were oriented in 8.5 8 minutes (p= 0.3, t-test). There was a numeric advantage for both average reduction in HRSD24 (average reduction: FEAST= 58 18.5%; UBP-RUL = 69 16.9%; p =0.18, t-test), and rate of response (50% reduction in HRSD24) in favor of UBP-RUL compared to FEAST (FEAST = 62%; UBPRUL= 85%). Conclusions: This data further supports the hypothesis that treatment with FEAST may have a milder cognitive side effect profile as compared to conventional ECT (UBP-RUL). While FEAST displays a marked antidepressant effect, it continues to remain unclear if it is as efficacious as UBPRUL. Further study, specifically using randomized, blinded methodology, are needed to make definitive conclusions regarding both the clinical efficacy, and the cognitive side effect burden of FEAST as compared to UBP-RUL. ER  - 
Medically unexplained neurologic symptoms in bipolar I disorder: A latent class mixture modeling approach$$$ Background: In the United States, medically unexplained somatic symptoms are estimated to contribute to $256 billion in health care costs every year. Recent meta-analytic studies have suggested individuals with bipolar spectrum disorders experience physical symptoms at a rate similar to those with unipolar depression. Nearly one-third of referrals to general neurology clinics are for patients who report symptoms poorly explained by identifiable organic disease. Medically unexplained neurologic symptoms are prevalent amongst those with psychiatric disorders, contribute to lower quality of life and increased global burden of disease, and are not well understood as they relate to populations with affective disorders, especially Bipolar I Disorder (BID). This study is designed to 1) investigate markers of disease severity in those with BID and medically unexplained neurologic symptoms, and 2) assess heterogeneity amongst medically unexplained neurologic symptoms in BID to identify clinical subtypes. Methods: Data was provided by the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) Repository and Genomic Resources Center for Collaborative Genomics Research on Mental Disorders. Our sample consists of 3012 unrelated adult patients with bipolar I disorder (BID) (mean age =42.8, 62% female), of whom, 667 experienced physical symptoms and 186 experienced medically unexplained neurologic symptoms (MUNS). Multivariate logistic regression and analyses of covariance were utilized to identify predictors of disease severity in the sample. Latent Class Mixture Modeling was conducted to estimate the Latent Class (LC) membership for each individual using estimation maximization algorithm based on the probability of endorsing a profile of 12 variables corresponding to varied neurologic symptoms. Comorbid anxiety disorders were added to the model as covariates. Using draws from posterior probabilities, auxiliary variables were included in the model to evaluate additional potential class predictors. A step-wise approach was adopted to incorporate predictors and investigate distal outcomes. Results: Individuals with BID and MUNS are more likely to attempt suicide (64%) compared with non-neurologic somatizers (58%) and nonsomatizers (46%) (Chi-square = 45.1, p<0.0001). When accounting for covariates, MUNS were 1.3x more likely to have attempted suicide (ExpB 1.527, CI 1.27-1.84) compared with nonsomatizers, and reported a higher mean number of attempts (Means: MUNS 4.69, somatizers 3.81, and nonsomatizers 3.23; F= 4.447, p =0.012). Number of hospitalizations differed such that MUNS tended to have more hospitalizations (Mean 8.06) compared with nonsomatizers (6.59) and non-neurological somatizers (6.35). Age at first hospitalization, duration of most severe mania, duration of most severe depression, age of onset of most severe mania, and age of onset of most severe depression did not differ significantly amongst somatization groups. Latent mixture model fit indices suggested a division of the MUNS sample into three subclasses (LC1, LC2, LC3), based on the type of neurologic symptoms and their correlations. LC1 was characterized by a high probability of all neurologic somatic symptoms (N=22), LC2 was characterized by musculoskeletal symptoms (weakness, difficulty walking, seizures; N= 14), and LC3 was characterized by sensory somatic symptoms (blindness, hearing loss, paralysis, amnesia; N=142). After comorbid anxiety disorders were added to the model as covariates, auxiliary variables were investigated. Latent class was independently associated with disease severity, including days of duration of most severe mania, rates of comorbid substance use disorder, and rates of comorbid personality disorder. Data on prescribed medications for the individuals in the sample are available and can be used, with further analysis, as a guidance to pharmacologic treatment. Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first investigation of medically unexplained neurologic symptoms in bipolar I disorder. Our results suggest that MUNS in bipolar I disorder are an independent risk factor for suicidality and hospitalization. The heterogeneity amongst MUNS may be explained by three latent classes; each of which has a unique pattern of comorbid disorders and markers of disease severity. Limitations include use of self-reported data to assess neurologic symptoms and retrospective correlational analyses. Future research should be conducted to replicate these findings using prospective methods and objective measures, such as analysis of medical records. Overall, our results emphasize the importance of jointly addressing physical symptoms and psychiatric comorbidity to mitigate burden of disease. ER  - 
Alterations of the gut microbiome in severe mental illness: An analysis of data from the American gut project$$$ Background: Severe mental illnesses, including depression, schizophrenia, and bipolar disorder, are an important public health concern. Individuals with these illnesses suffer from higher rates of chronic medical conditions, such as diabetes and cardiovascular diseases, and much shorter lifespans than the general population. Evidence suggests that these psychiatric disorders are associated with accelerated biological aging, driven by altered inflammatory processes, cellular aging, oxidative stress, and metabolic/vascular dysfunction. The gut microbiome has been implicated in these processes and previously associated with depression and other psychiatric disorders; however, different studies have reported conflicting findings, which may be related to choice of cohorts, confounding effects known to modulate the microbiome, and sample size. Methods: We examined data from the American Gut Project, the biggest crowd-funded, citizen science project, coordinated at the University of California San Diego. The project set out to understand changes in the human microbiome. Participants provided a physical sample and completed a survey about their health, lifestyle, and diet. Out of over 15,000 individuals who have participated in the project to date, we identified 1,140 adults who provided a fecal sample and endorsed having been diagnosed with depression, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and/or posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Subjects were excluded if they endorsed history of inflammatory bowel disease, seizure disorder, kidney disease, or antibiotic use in the past year or if they did not provide responses on matching variables of interest. From the larger sample, we created a 1:1 matched sample (n= 111 matched pairs; N= 222) of patients and nonpsychiatric comparison (NC) subjects based on age (±5 years), body mass index (BMI), history of cardiovascular disease and diabetes, smoking frequency, level of education, and country/region of residence. 16S rRNA sequencing data were analyzed. Alpha and beta diversity measures were calculated using QIIME2 to compare identified cases to NCs. Differential abundance tests were performed using permutation based discrete FDR. Results: The sample in the present report was comprised of individuals from the United States (n = 98), United Kingdom (n= 120), and Switzerland (n =4). The mean age of the sample was 46 years (SD = 13.3), and the female-to-male ratio was 1.64 (138F/84M). Of the clinical population, 95% endorsed depression, 10% PTSD, 5% bipolar disorder, and 2% schizophrenia (some individuals endorsed more than one disorder). There was significant community level separation between patients and NCs using weighted UniFrac (PERMANOVA p<0.05, pseudo-F= 3.04). This difference is notable as groups were 1:1 matched on various demographic factors and clinical conditions known to be present in higher rates among psychiatric patients, which can impact microbial composition. Using a mean difference test with discrete FDR correction, no significant differentially abundant taxa were found at 0.1 control level, but a more permissive threshold of 0.3 showed 5 differentially abundant taxa which overlap with previous findings in human cohorts (order Clostridiales and family Erysipelotrichaceae). No significant differences were observed for measures of within-community (alpha) diversity in terms of phylogenetic diversity (Faith's Diversity Index) or evenness (Shannon Index). Faith's Phylogenetic Diversity and Shannon indexes were positively correlated with age in middle-aged (446 years) NCs but not in corresponding, age-matched patients or younger NC or patient subjects. Conclusions: These findings are among the first few multinational studies to provide evidence for altered gut microbiota in severe mental illness. Global community differences were observed between patients who endorsed a mental illness and NCs. Notably, these differences were observed after controlling for comorbid medical conditions known common in psychiatric disorders, which are also risk factors for microbial abnormalities. Although the analyzed sample size was small and the study was not sufficiently powered to detect significant differences in specific taxa, it is among one of the largest investigations of the gut microbiome to date, in these psychiatric populations. Furthermore, these results indicate the potential to draw clinically-relevant conclusions from self-reported, crowd-sourced data. Increased noise in samples (e.g., from shipping samples) and errors/ variability in respondent metadata were minimized by using careful case-control matching accounting for confounding factors. This is one of the first clinical investigations of the gut-brain axis in which samples were not restricted by geographical region or research institution and were collected across the US, UK, and other countries. There is a need for longitudinal studies of microbiome using larger samples of people with serious mental illnesses and rich phenotypic and biomarker data. Microbiome research holds promise for precision medicine through data-driven diagnostics and medical recommendations and cost-effective microbial therapeutics. ER  - 
Adaptive behavior and quality of life at 6 years for children with hypoplastic left heart syndrome and related abnormalities: Findings from the pediatric heart network single ventricle extension study$$$ Introduction: Among congenital heart defects, hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) portends the greatest risk of neurodevelopmental impairment. We sought to determine risk factors for worse adaptive behavior (AB) and quality of life (QOL) in children with HLHS and related disorders enrolled as infants in the Single Ventricle Reconstruction (SVR) trial and followed to age 6 y (SVR2). Methods: Medical history was collected from medical records and phone interviews. Parent response instruments were sent to parents, including the Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales (VABS, primary outcome), Behavior Assessment Scales for Children-2 (BASC2) and PedsQL; multivariable modeling was performed for each. Results: Of 325 participants (pts) enrolled in SVR2, 249 (77%) completed questionnaires at median age 6y (IQR 6-6.3). The SVR2 cohort, compared to population norms, had significantly lower scores for motor skills (90 ± 17 vs 100 ± 15, p<.001), but did not differ in other VABS domains. On the BASC2, SVR2 pts vs population norms, had lower rates of anxiety (p<.001), but more somatization (p<.001), and worse functional communication (p<.001) and activities of daily living (p<.001). The SVR2 cohort had lower PedsQL psychosocial health (p<.001) and physical health (p<.001) scores. In multivariable analysis, risk factors for lower VABS composite scores included perioperative ECMO, male sex, use of regional cerebral perfusion, need for catheterization after stage 2 operation, visual problems in infancy, history of seizures and a greater number of complications after 2y (R2=.32). Worse scores on major domains of the PedsQL (R2= .17-.25) and the BASC2 (R2=.07-.20) were also predicted by sociodemographic factors (e.g. race, SES) and measures of greater course complexity. Shunt type was not associated with VABS, BASC2 or PedsQL scores. Conclusions: At 6 y, SVR2 transplant-free survivors have difficulty in motor functioning, increased somatization, more difficulty with activities of daily living, and lower scores on measures of QOL than population norms. Principal factors associated with worse AB and QOL include sociodemographic and greater course complexity indicators. Despite extensive prospective data collection, models explain < 1/3 of outcome variability. ER  - 
Baclofen self-poisoning in the era of changing indication: Multicentric reports to a French poison control centre$$$ Aims: Baclofen has gained interest in treating alcohol use disorder patients. These patients are at risk of voluntary drug intoxications. Understanding the context of baclofen's widespread use for alcohol use disorder, a recent evaluation of the epidemiology, morbidity and mortality of baclofen self-poisoning episodes is necessary. Methods: All baclofen self-poisoning reported to the Western France Poison Control Centre between January 2008 and December 2015 were included for analysis in this retrospective study. Baclofen poisoning cases were compared to the 31,859 non-baclofen voluntary poisoning cases declared over the same period. Results: Number of baclofen poisoning grew from 8 cases in 2008 to 91 cases in 2015, attributable to patients purposely treated for alcohol use disorder. Overall, 190 cases were considered: 111 patients (59%) had Glasgow coma score (GCS) ≤12 at hospital admission and 77 had GCS > 12 (41%). Eighty patients required mechanical ventilation (42.6%). Neurological severity (GCS ≤ 12) was associated with seizures (n = 24, 22% vs. n = 2, 3%, P < 0.001). Two patients were deceased at first medical evaluation and three died in the hospital (mortality rate 2.6%). Non-baclofen cases had lower rate of endotracheal intubation (n = 1833, 6%, P < 0.001) and mortality rate (n = 299, 0.1%, P = 0.02). Conclusions: Baclofen self-poisoning cases has risen in recent years due to baclofen intake for alcohol use disorder therapies. The risk-benefit ratio may be evaluated before baclofen is safely prescribed. ER  - 
Pretreatment behavior and subsequent medication effects in childhood absence epilepsy$$$ Objective: To characterize pretreatment behavioral problems and differential effects of initial therapy in children with childhood absence epilepsy (CAE). Methods: The Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL) was administered at baseline, week 16-20, and month 12 visits of a randomized double-blind trial of ethosuximide, lamotrigine, and valproate. Total problems score was the primary outcome measure. Results: A total of 382 participants at baseline, 310 participants at the week 16-20 visit, and 168 participants at the month 12 visit had CBCL data. At baseline, 8% (95% confidence interval [CI] 6%-11%) of children with CAE had elevated total problems scores (mean 52.9 ± 10.91). At week 16-20, participants taking valproic acid had significantly higher total problems (51.7 [98.3% CI 48.6-54.7]), externalizing problems (51.4 [98.3% CI 48.5-54.3]), attention problems (57.8 [98.3% CI 55.6-60.0]), and attention-deficit/hyperactivity problems (55.8 [98.3% CI 54.1-57.6]) scores compared to participants taking ethosuximide (46.5 [98.3% CI 43.4-49.6]; 45.8 [98.3% CI 42.9-48.7]; 54.6 [98.3% CI 52.4-56.9]; 53.0 [98.3% CI 51.3-54.8]). Lack of seizure freedom and elevated week 16-20 Conner Continuous Performance Test confidence index were associated with worse total problems scores. At month 12, participants taking valproic acid had significantly higher attention problems scores (57.9 [98.3% CI 55.6-60.3]) compared to participants taking ethosuximide (54.5 [95% CI 52.1-56.9]). Conclusions: Pretreatment and ongoing behavioral problems exist in CAE. Valproic acid is associated with worse behavioral outcomes than ethosuximide or lamotrigine, further reinforcing ethosuximide as the preferred initial therapy for CAE. Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT00088452. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class II evidence that for children with CAE, valproic acid is associated with worse behavioral outcomes than ethosuximide or lamotrigine. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of sublingual ramelteon as an adjunctive therapy in the maintenance treatment of bipolar I disorder in adults: A phase 3, randomized controlled trial$$$ Background The optimal long-term management strategy for bipolar I disorder patients is not yet established. Evidence supports the rationale for circadian rhythm regulation to prevent mood episode relapse in bipolar patients. This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of a new sublingual formulation of the melatonin receptor agonist ramelteon (ramelteon SL) as adjunctive therapy in the maintenance treatment of bipolar I patients. Methods In a double-blinded trial in the United States and Latin America, adult bipolar I disorder patients stable for ≥ 8 weeks before baseline and with a mood episode 8 weeks to 9 months before screening, were randomized to once-daily ramelteon SL 0.1 mg (n = 164), 0.4 mg (n = 160), or 0.8 mg (n = 154), or placebo (n = 164), in addition to their existing treatment. The primary endpoint was time from randomization to relapse of symptoms. The prespecified futility criterion in a planned, unblinded, independent interim analysis was the failure of all ramelteon SL doses to achieve a conditional power ≥ 30% compared with placebo. Results No significant differences between any dose of ramelteon SL and placebo were observed. The study was terminated after meeting the futility criteria. Ramelteon SL was well tolerated, with a safety profile consistent with that for oral ramelteon. Limitations A low rate of relapse events precluded detection of any statistically significant difference between groups. Conclusions The study failed to demonstrate the efficacy of ramelteon SL as adjunctive maintenance therapy for bipolar disorder. Interim analyses for futility in clinical studies are valuable in preventing unnecessary exposure of subjects to interventions. ER  - 
Extrastriatal dopamine D2/3 receptors and cortical grey matter volumes in antipsychotic-naïve schizophrenia patients before and after initial antipsychotic treatment$$$ Objectives: Long-term dopamine D2/3 receptor blockade, common to all antipsychotics, may underlie progressive brain volume changes observed in patients with chronic schizophrenia. In the present study, we examined associations between cortical volume changes and extrastriatal dopamine D2/3 receptor binding potentials (BPND) in first-episode schizophrenia patents at baseline and after antipsychotic treatment. Methods: Twenty-two initially antipsychotic-naïve patients underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), [123I]epidepride single-photon emission computerised tomography (SPECT), and psychopathology assessments before and after 3 months of treatment with either risperidone (N = 13) or zuclopenthixol (N = 9). Twenty healthy controls matched on age, gender and parental socioeconomic status underwent baseline MRI and SPECT. Results: Neither extrastriatal D2/3 receptor BPND at baseline, nor blockade at follow-up, was related to regional cortical volume changes. In post-hoc analyses excluding three patients with cannabis use we found that higher D2/3 receptor occupancy was significantly associated with an increase in right frontal grey matter volume. Conclusions: The present data do not support an association between extrastriatal D2/3 receptor blockade and extrastriatal grey matter loss in the early phases of schizophrenia. Although inconclusive, our exclusion of patients tested positive for cannabis use speaks to keeping attention to potential confounding factors in imaging studies. ER  - 
Daclizumab for the treatment of adults with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis$$$ Introduction: The goal of the article is to review the mechanism of action and the use of daclizumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody (mAb) against the alpha subunit of the high affinity interleukin-2 (IL-2) receptor, in the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis (MS). Areas covered: PubMed was searched for the terms ‘daclizumab’ and ‘multiple sclerosis’. The mechanisms of action, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, major studies, side effects and drug interactions of daclizumab in MS are discussed. Expert commentary: Monthly daclizumab-beta [DAC-beta, formerly daclizumab high yield process (DAC HYP), approved as ZINBRYTA®, which has a different form and structure than an earlier form of daclizumab], is an effective and convenient treatment option for patients with relapsing forms of MS who have failed other treatment, or as a first-line option in highly active MS patients. IL-2 signaling modulation by daclizumab constitutes a novel mechanism of action which may also underlie the adverse and serious adverse events and risk profile of the drug that requires appropriate patient selection, monitoring and risk-mitigation programs. ER  - 
The relationship between psychological disorders and diabetes mellitus in middle-aged women, Isfahan, Iran, 2015 to 2016$$$ Background: Diabetes mellitus is one of the common chronic diseases in societies that has been associated with many psychological disorders. In this study, we aimed to investigate the frequency of psychological disorders in middle-aged women with and without diabetes mellitus in Isfahan City, Iran, during the years 2015-2016. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, 246 women with diabetes mellitus and 246 healthy women were randomly selected from patients referring to comprehensive urban and rural health centers. Psychological evaluation, mental illness, epilepsy, and suicidal thoughts were assessed based on Iranian Woman Health Form. Findings: The frequency of psychological disorders such as anxiety, restlessness, frustration, sadness, and being motiveless for doing daily tasks, as well as overall frequency of psychological disorders, and the frequency of suicidal ideation, epilepsy, and history of mental illnesses was significantly higher in those with diabetes mellitus compared with healthy subjects (P < 0.001). Based on the multiple logistic regression model, patients with psychiatric disorders were 5.32 times more likely to develop diabetes than healthy controls [odds ratio (OR) = 5.32; 95% confidence interval (Cl) = 3.30-8.62). Conclusion: There is a positive correlation between psychiatric disorders and diabetes mellitus; so people with psychological illnesses should be screened for diabetes. ER  - 
Symptom profile of catatonia in children and adolescents admitted to psychiatry inpatient unit$$$ Aim To study the symptom profile of catatonia in children and adolescents. Methodology Treatment records of all the inpatients aged (≤19 years) were reviewed for the period January 2005 to January 2017. Patients with catatonia (diagnosed as having at least two symptoms as per the Bush Francis Catatonia Rating scale) were included. Results During the study period, data was available for 52 children and adolescent. The mean age of the sample was 16.8 years (SD = 2.0; range 9–19). Males (N = 28; 53.8%) outnumbered females. The most common primary psychiatric diagnostic category was that of psychotic disorders (N = 26; 78.8%). One-sixth (N = 8; 15.4%) were diagnosed with organic illnesses like epilepsy and systemic lupus erythematosus. Affective disorders accounted for only one-tenth (N = 5; 9.6%) of cases, with mania being more common presentation than depression. Very few patients were diagnosed with pervasive developmental disorder (N = 2). The common signs and symptoms noted were mutism (90.4%) followed by immobility/stupor (75%), staring (71.2%), negativism (57.7%), rigidity (55.8%) and posturing (53.8%). The mean BFCRS score was 13.73 (SD – 7.6; range 3–20). Overall there was no significant difference in the prevalence of various signs and symptoms of catatonia between those with psychotic disorders, affective disorders and those with catatonia due to organic causes. In only half of the patients catatonia responded to lorazepam and other half required electroconvulsive therapy. Conclusion The most common symptoms of catatonia in children and adolescent are mutism, immobility/stupor, staring, posturing, negativism and rigidity. The most common underlying psychiatric diagnosis is that of schizophrenia. ER  - 
Epidemiological and sociodemographic factors associated with complicated alcohol withdrawal syndrome$$$ Objectives To analyse the influence of epidemiological and sociodemographic factors in complicated alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS). Material and methods A multicentre, observational prospective study was conducted on consecutively added patients with AWS hospitalised in internal medicine departments. We recorded sociodemographic, epidemiological, clinical and progression data. Complicated AWS was defined as that which progressed with seizures or delirium tremens. Results We studied 228 episodes of AWS in 219 patients. The mean age was 54.5 years (SD, 11.5), and 90.8% were men. AWS was the cause for hospitalisation in 39.9% of the patients. Some 27.1% of the cases presented seizures, and 32.4% presented delirium tremens. The daily quantity of alcohol ingested was 17.8 standard drink units (SD, 21.4), with 16.6 years of dependence (SD, 11.3). The pattern of alcohol abuse was regular in 82.8% of the patients. Some 38.4% of the patients were married or had a partner, and 45.6% had children. Some 72.7% of the patients were unemployed or retired. Some 68.5% had only completed primary studies. Some 4.8% consumed cannabis, 5.2% consumed cocaine and 3% consumed opioids. The independent variables related to complicated AWS were consumption of a drug other than alcohol (OR, 5.3; 95% CI 1.5-18.7), low education level (OR, 3.4; 95% CI 1.6-7.3) and hospitalisation for AWS (OR, 2.9; 95% CI 1.5-5.6). The model's receiver operating characteristic area was 0.718 (95% CI 0.643-0.793). Conclusions Concomitant drug abuse and a low educational level could help identify patients at risk of complicated AWS. ER  - 
Prevalence, patterns and factors associated with psychotropic use in older adults with intellectual disabilities in Ireland$$$ Background: People with intellectual disability (ID) are at increased risk of exposure to psychotropic drugs and psychotropic polypharmacy because of the higher prevalence of mental health conditions present and more controversially, the use of these agents to treat challenging behaviours. Despite the fact that many adults with ID are exposed to psychotropic polypharmacy, few studies to date have focused on the patterns of use of multiple psychotropics, or factors associated with psychotropic polypharmacy, particularly in the older population. This study aims to examine the prevalence, patterns and factors associated with psychotropic use in general and psychotropic polypharmacy in particular in a representative sample of ageing people with ID. Methods: This was an observational cross-sectional study from Wave 1 of Intellectual Disability Supplement to the Irish Longitudinal Study on Ageing; a nationally representative sample of 753 persons with ID aged between 41 and 90 years. Participants/proxy reported medicines (prescription and over the counter) taken on a regular basis; medication data were available for 736 participants (98%). Participants were divided into those with no psychotropic exposure, exposure to 1 psychotropic and psychotropic polypharmacy (2+ psychotropics). Patterns of psychotropic use were analysed. A multinomial logistic regression model identified factors associated with use of 1 psychotropic and psychotropic polypharmacy. Results: Overall, 59.1% (436) of the sample was exposed to any psychotropic; of these, 66.2% reported psychotropic polypharmacy. Antipsychotics were the most frequently reported psychotropic class by 43% of the sample. Living in a residential institution and having a history of reporting a mental health condition or sleep problems were associated with psychotropic polypharmacy after adjusting for confounders, while those with epilepsy were less likely to experience exposure to polypharmacy, but age, gender had no significant effect. Conclusions: Psychotropic use and polypharmacy were commonplace for older adults with ID. Psychotropic use, particularly the use of psychotropic combinations, needs to be regularly reviewed for safety, efficacy and adverse effects, and rationale for use of multiple agents needs to be clear and documented. ER  - 
Rating scale item assessment of self-harm in postpartum women: a cross-sectional analysis$$$ We examined the utility of screening instruments to identify risk factors for suicidal ideation (SI) in a population of women with neuropsychiatric illnesses at high risk for postpartum depression. Pregnant women with neuropsychiatric illness enrolled prior to 20 weeks of gestation. Follow-up visits at 4–8-week intervals through 13 weeks postpartum included assessment of depressive symptoms with both clinician and self-rated scales. A total of 842 women were included in the study. Up to 22.3% of postpartum women admitted SI on rating scales, despite the majority (79%) receiving active pharmacological treatment for psychiatric illness. Postpartum women admitting self-harm/SI were more likely to meet criteria for current major depressive episode (MDE), less than college education, an unplanned pregnancy, a history of past suicide attempt, and a higher score on the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire. In women with a history of neuropsychiatric illness, over 20% admitted SI during the postpartum period despite ongoing psychiatric treatment. Patient-rated depression scales are more sensitive screening tools than a clinician-rated depression scale for +SI in the postpartum period. ER  - 
Multimorbidity in bullous pemphigoid: a case–control analysis of bullous pemphigoid patients with age- and gender-matched controls$$$ Background: Bullous pemphigoid (BP) is the most common autoimmune blistering disease in the elderly and is associated with increased mortality. The extent of multimorbidity in patients with BP and its impact on survival are unclear. Objectives: To describe the extent and spectrum of multimorbidity in patients with BP and to ascertain its impact on survival. Methodology: This was a case–control study conducted in the setting of an academic medical centre. Cases defined as newly diagnosed BP patients referred to the inpatient dermatology service between 2005 and 2014. For every case, three age- and gender-matched controls were randomly selected. Retrospective review of medical records was performed. Univariate and multivariate comparisons of cases and controls were performed using conditional logistic regression. Results: A total of 105 cases and 315 controls were included in this study. Eighty-eight cases (84%) were multimorbid (≥2 chronic diseases) as compared to 205 controls (65%) (P < 0.001), while the mean number of comorbid conditions was 3.2 ± 1.6 in cases compared to 2.4 ± 1.6 in controls (P < 0.001). 43% of cases had ≥4 comorbidities compared to 27% in controls (P = 0.003). On multivariate analysis (adjusting for age, gender and comorbidities), neurological disease (OR 10.93; CI: 5.74, 20.79) and hypertension (OR 2.38; CI: 1.18, 4.77) were positively associated with BP. Charlson comorbidity index was 6.0 ± 2.5 in cases compared to 5.0 ± 2.1 in controls (P = 0.002), and the 1-year mortality of cases and controls was 32.4% and 17.8%, respectively. Conclusion: Our study has shown that a significant proportion of patients with BP are multimorbid and individually have a higher number of comorbidities compared to matched controls. Disease burden and multimorbidity may well impact the prognosis of patients with BP. ER  - 
Affective symptoms and determinants of health-related quality of life in Mexican people with epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy is known to be associated with multiple psychiatric comorbidities, such as depression, sleep-disorders, and anxiety. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence and impact of affective symptoms over health-related quality of life (QOL) in Mexican people with epilepsy (PWE). We performed a cross-sectional observational study on 73 consecutive PWE and corresponding age- and sex-matched controls. HrQOL was assessed using the QOLIE-10 (QOL in Epilepsy-10) instrument. Clinical and demographic characteristics were recorded, and instruments evaluating depressive/anxiety symptoms, sleep quality, and insomnia were completed. PWE had more depressive/anxiety symptoms when compared with controls. QOLIE-10 scores were significantly inversely correlated with poor sleep quality, insomnia symptoms, depressive/anxiety symptoms, and number of anti-epileptic drugs used, but not with seizure type or number of seizures per month. A poor QOL was independently associated only with anti-epileptic drug polytherapy. PWE are burdened with depressive/anxiety symptoms at alarming rates. The presence of depressive symptoms along with sleep disturbances and more significantly, anti-epileptic drug polytherapy, appears to negatively impact QOL, to a greater degree than short-term seizure control. ER  - 
Neurotoxic side effects in children with refractory or relapsed T-cell malignancies treated with nelarabine based therapy$$$ The prognosis in children with refractory or relapsed (r/r) T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (T-ALL) or lymphoblastic lymphoma (T-LBL) is poor. Nelarabine (Ara-G) has successfully been used as salvage therapy in these children, but has been associated with significant, even fatal, neurotoxicities. We retrospectively analysed 52 patients with r/r T-ALL/T-LBL aged ≤19 years who were treated with Ara-G alone (n = 25) or in combination with cyclophosphamide and etoposide (n = 27). The majority of patients (45/52) received 1–2 cycles of Ara-G. Seventeen patients (32·7%) had refractory disease, 28 (53·8%) were in first relapse and 7 (13·5%) were in second relapse. A response to Ara-G was achieved in 20 patients and 15 (28·8%) were in remission at last follow-up. Twelve patients (23·1%) had neurotoxic adverse effects (neuro-AE) of any grade, of whom 7 (13·5%) developed neurotoxicity ≥ grade III. The most frequent neuro-AEs were peripheral motor neuropathy (19·2%), peripheral sensory neuropathy (11·5%) and seizures (9·6%). Three patients died of central neuro-AE after 1–2 cycles of combination therapy. Patients with neurotoxicity were significantly older (median 15·17 years) than those without (10·34 years, P = 0·017). No differences were observed between mono- and combination therapy concerning outcome and neuro-AE. The incidence of neuro-AE was not associated with concurrent intrathecal therapy or prior central nervous system irradiation. ER  - 
Adherence to antiepileptic drugs in children and adolescents: A retrospective study in primary care settings in Germany$$$ Objective The goal of this study was to analyze adherence to antiepileptic drugs (AED) in children and adolescents treated in pediatric practices in Germany. Methods The present study included patients aged between 2 and 17 years who were diagnosed with epilepsy (ICD-10: G40) and had received at least two prescriptions of AED between January 2006 and December 2015 in 243 pediatric practices in Germany. The medication possession ratio (MPR) was used to estimate adherence, and patients with a MPR greater than 80% were considered adherent. The impact of patient and drug characteristics on adherence was analyzed using a multivariate logistic regression model. Results A total of 5214 patients were included. Mean age was 10.9 years (SD = 4.9 years). The overall MPR was 88.8% (SD = 34.1%), and 68.9% of patients were considered adherent. Children aged 5 years or younger were more adherent to AED than those aged between 14 and 17 years (OR = 1.22, 95% CI: 1.07–1.39). Individuals living in western Germany were also found to be more adherent than those living in eastern Germany (OR = 1.71, 95% CI: 1.55–1.88). Asthma as a comorbidity (OR = 1.59, 95% CI: 1.29–1.96) was positively and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (OR = 0.81, 95% CI: 0.71–0.93) negatively associated with treatment adherence. Finally, no significant association was found between adherence and the type of AED. Conclusions Two-thirds of children and adolescents suffering from epilepsy in Germany were adherent to AED. Age, place of residence, and comorbidities were significantly associated with adherence. ER  - 
Perampanel with concomitant levetiracetam and topiramate: Post hoc analysis of adverse events related to hostility and aggression$$$ In 4 Phase III registration trials (3 in patients with partial seizures, N = 1480; 1 in patients with PGTCS, N = 163), perampanel administered to patients already receiving 1–3 concomitant antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) demonstrated statistically superior efficacy compared to placebo in reducing seizure frequency. However, use of perampanel in these studies was associated with a risk of psychiatric and behavioral adverse reactions, including aggression, hostility, irritability, anger, and homicidal ideation and threats. The present study is a post hoc analysis of pooled data from these 4 trials to determine if concomitant treatment with levetiracetam and/or topiramate increased the risk of hostility- and aggression-related AEs. Treatment-emergent AEs (TEAEs) were determined using a “Narrow & Broad” search based on the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) standard MedDRA query (SMQ) for hostility- and aggression-related events. The rate of hostility- and aggression-related TEAEs was observed to be similar among perampanel-treated patients: a) receiving levetiracetam (N = 340) compared to those not receiving levetiracetam (N = 779); b) receiving topiramate (N = 223) compared to those not receiving topiramate (N = 896); and c) receiving both levetiracetam and topiramate (N = 47) compared to those not receiving levetiracetam and topiramate (N = 1072). Severe and serious TEAEs related to hostility and aggression were rare and occurred at a similar rate regardless of concomitant levetiracetam and/or topiramate therapy. Taken together, these results suggest that concomitant treatment with levetiracetam and/or topiramate has no appreciable effect on the occurrence of hostility- or aggression-related TEAEs in patients receiving perampanel. ER  - 
Effect of sleep patterns on levetiracetam induced mood changes$$$ A common side effect of levetiracetam is the onset of neuropsychiatric symptoms such as mood changes including depression, anxiety, agitation, and sometimes psychosis. We performed a retrospective analysis to examine the effect of sleep pattern and chronotype on individual susceptibility to levetiracetam-induced mood changes. We reviewed records of 110 adults with epilepsy presenting to our clinic during a 3-month period, and categorized them into those currently on levetiracetam, and those no longer taking it because of mood-related adverse effects. Patients were administered Morningness–Eveningness Questionnaire (MEQ), Beck's Depression Inventory-II, and Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory in Epilepsy. Using various statistical methods, we analyzed the comparison of these 3 different scales amongst one another and between those subjects who tolerated levetiracetam and those who did not. Of 110 patients, 74 (67%) tolerated levetiracetam and 36 (33%) did not tolerate it because of mood changes with chronotype being a significant determining factor. Of those who tolerated the drug, 62% were intermediate chronotypes and 20.3% and 17.6% were morning and evening chronotypes, respectively. For those intolerant, 86.1% were morning chronotypes, 13.9% were intermediate chronotypes, and none were evening chronotypes (p < 0.001). Thirty-two percent of morning chronotypes, 100% of evening chronotypes, and 90.2% of intermediate chronotypes were tolerant of levetiracetam (p < 0.001). Chronotype significantly affected toleration of levetiracetam. Chronotype, but not depression, was a significant factor in determining tolerability of mood-altering side effects of levetiracetam, via statistically significant trend for an increasing ability to tolerate levetiracetam as chronotype would shift from morning to intermediate to evening. Additional research may help establish if this is related to possible underreporting of poor mood with evening chronotypes, and morning chronotypes having more stringent sleep schedules, genetic factors, or other reasons. ER  - 
Associations between religiosity and anxiety, depressive symptoms, and well-being in Korean adults living with epilepsy$$$ Purpose Religiosity can be important in the everyday life of persons with epilepsy (PWE). How PWE live with religiosity can be influenced by their cultural background. We determined whether religiosity is associated with anxiety, depressive symptoms, and well-being in Korean adults with epilepsy. Methods This multicenter cross-sectional study was conducted in the outpatient clinics of five university hospitals in Korea. Religiosity was assessed using the five-item Duke University Religion Index (DUREL). The WHO-Five Well-Being Index (WHO-5) and Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale were used. The participants were categorized into three subgroups bounded by the 33rd and 66th percentiles of their DUREL scores. Results Of a total of 226 participants, 61.1% declared that they had religious affiliation. The median DUREL score was 11 (interquartile ranges 6, 18). All three subscales of the DUREL were significantly related to WHO-5 (p < 0.01). Non-organizational religious activities such as prayer and meditation were also inversely related to anxiety (p < 0.05) and depressive symptoms (p < 0.01). After controlling for confounding variables, anxiety and depressive symptoms were more extensive in the low religiosity subgroup than in the high or no religiosity subgroup (p < 0.01) and well-being was higher in the high or low religiosity subgroup than in the no religiosity subgroup (p < 0.05). Conclusions Religiosity is significantly associated with anxiety, depressive symptoms, and well-being in Korean adults with epilepsy. ER  - 
Rindopepimut with temozolomide for patients with newly diagnosed, EGFRvIII-expressing glioblastoma (ACT IV): a randomised, double-blind, international phase 3 trial$$$ Background Rindopepimut (also known as CDX-110), a vaccine targeting the EGFR deletion mutation EGFRvIII, consists of an EGFRvIII-specific peptide conjugated to keyhole limpet haemocyanin. In the ACT IV study, we aimed to assess whether or not the addition of rindopepimut to standard chemotherapy is able to improve survival in patients with EGFRvIII-positive glioblastoma. Methods In this randomised, double-blind, phase 3 trial, we recruited patients aged 18 years and older with glioblastoma from 165 hospitals in 22 countries. Eligible patients had newly diagnosed glioblastoma confirmed to express EGFRvIII by central analysis, and had undergone maximal surgical resection and completion of standard chemoradiation without progression. Patients were stratified by European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer recursive partitioning analysis class, MGMT promoter methylation, and geographical region, and randomly assigned (1:1) with a prespecified randomisation sequence (block size of four) to receive rindopepimut (500 μg admixed with 150 μg GM-CSF) or control (100 μg keyhole limpet haemocyanin) via monthly intradermal injection until progression or intolerance, concurrent with standard oral temozolomide (150–200 mg/m2 for 5 of 28 days) for 6–12 cycles or longer. Patients, investigators, and the trial funder were masked to treatment allocation. The primary endpoint was overall survival in patients with minimal residual disease (MRD; enhancing tumour <2 cm2 post-chemoradiation by central review), analysed by modified intention to treat. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01480479. Findings Between April 12, 2012, and Dec 15, 2014, 745 patients were enrolled (405 with MRD, 338 with significant residual disease [SRD], and two unevaluable) and randomly assigned to rindopepimut and temozolomide (n=371) or control and temozolomide (n=374). The study was terminated for futility after a preplanned interim analysis. At final analysis, there was no significant difference in overall survival for patients with MRD: median overall survival was 20·1 months (95% CI 18·5–22·1) in the rindopepimut group versus 20·0 months (18·1–21·9) in the control group (HR 1·01, 95% CI 0·79–1·30; p=0·93). The most common grade 3–4 adverse events for all 369 treated patients in the rindopepimut group versus 372 treated patients in the control group were: thrombocytopenia (32 [9%] vs 23 [6%]), fatigue (six [2%] vs 19 [5%]), brain oedema (eight [2%] vs 11 [3%]), seizure (nine [2%] vs eight [2%]), and headache (six [2%] vs ten [3%]). Serious adverse events included seizure (18 [5%] vs 22 [6%]) and brain oedema (seven [2%] vs 12 [3%]). 16 deaths in the study were caused by adverse events (nine [4%] in the rindopepimut group and seven [3%] in the control group), of which one—a pulmonary embolism in a 64-year-old male patient after 11 months of treatment—was assessed as potentially related to rindopepimut. Interpretation Rindopepimut did not increase survival in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma. Combination approaches potentially including rindopepimut might be required to show efficacy of immunotherapy in glioblastoma. Funding Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ER  - 
Delay in diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in adults: A post hoc study$$$ Purpose The aim of the current post hoc study was to investigate factors associated with delay in diagnosis of adult patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Methods We retrospectively investigated all patients with PNES admitted to the epilepsy-monitoring unit at the Jefferson Comprehensive Epilepsy Center from 2012 through 2016. We identified the median time to diagnosis of PNES and divided the patients into two groups. We studied factors associated with delay in diagnosis of PNES. Results In all, 49 patients (39 women and 10 men) were studied. Mean age at the time of admission was 40 ± 16 years and at the onset of the seizures was 34 ± 16 years. Disease duration was 5.6 ± 8.2 years. The median for time to diagnosis was 3 years. Patients with early diagnosis (before 3 years after seizure onset) (21 patients) and patients with late diagnosis (delay of 3 years or more from onset) (28 patients) were compared. Only history of head trauma had significant association with the delay in diagnosis: 2 of 19 patients (7%) with an early diagnosis and 11 of 28 patients (39%) with a late diagnosis reported head trauma (P = 0.02). Conclusion Delay in diagnosis of PNES is common, and some factors (e.g., history of head trauma) may contribute to this delay. It is important that physicians involved in the management of seizures appreciate the importance of making an early and definitive diagnosis of PNES. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in patients with surgically treated temporal lobe epilepsy: Presurgical and de novo postsurgical occurrence$$$ Whether occurring before or after an epilepsy surgery, psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) impact treatment options and quality of life of patients with epilepsy. We investigated the frequency of pre- and postsurgical PNES, and the postsurgical Engel and psychiatric outcomes in patients with drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). We reviewed 278 patients with mean age at surgery of 37.1 ± 12.4 years. Postsurgical follow-up information was available in 220 patients, with average follow-up of 4 years. Nine patients (9/278 or 3.2%) had presurgical documented PNES. Eight patients (8/220 or 3.6%) developed de novo PNES after surgery. Pre- and postsurgery psychiatric comorbidities were similar to the patients without PNES. After surgery, in the group with presurgical PNES, five patients were seizure-free, and three presented persistent PNES. In the group with de novo postsurgery PNES, 62.5% had Engel II–IV, and 37.5% had Engel I. All presented PNES at last follow-up. Presurgical video-EEG monitoring is crucial in the diagnosis of coexisting PNES. Patients presenting presurgical PNES and drug-resistant TLE should not be denied surgery based on this comorbidity, as they can have good postsurgical epilepsy and psychiatric outcomes. Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures may appear after TLE surgery in a low but noteworthy proportion of patients regardless of the Engel outcome. ER  - 
Semiology of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: An international cross-cultural study$$$ Purpose We compared the semiology of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) between patients from the USA and Brazil. This international cross-cultural comparative study may expand understanding of PNES across the borders. Methods We retrospectively investigated all patients with PNES admitted to one epilepsy center in the USA and one in Brazil. We classified their seizures into four classes: generalized motor, akinetic, focal motor, and subjective symptoms. All patients were interviewed by an epileptologist in both countries and were administered psychological assessment measures, including questions about PNES risk factors. For the statistical analyses, we compared patients from the two nations. Results Eighty-nine patients (49 from the USA and 40 from Brazil) were studied. Patients from the two countries were not significantly different with regard to sex and age, but patients from Brazil had earlier age at onset (26 years vs. 34 years; P = 0.004) and a significantly greater delay in diagnosis (9.9 years vs. 5.6 years; P = 0.001). Some characteristics of PNES were different between the two groups; patients from the USA had generally more seizure types and more often reported subjective seizures (55% in the USA vs. 10% in Brazil; P = 0.0001). Clinical and historical characteristics of the patients were not significantly different. Conclusion Delay in diagnosis of PNES may represent a major factor in resource-limited countries. Large multicenter cross-cultural studies may reveal subtle but significant cross-cultural differences with respect to the semiological, clinical, and historical aspects of PNES; however, patients with PNES share more similarities than differences. ER  - 
Comparative effectiveness of antiepileptic drugs in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis$$$ Objective: Mesial temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis (MTLE-HS) is a common epilepsy syndrome that is often poorly controlled by antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment. Comparative AED effectiveness studies in this condition are lacking. We report retention, efficacy, and tolerability in a cohort of patients with MTLE-HS. Methods: Clinical data were collected from a European database of patients with epilepsy. We estimated retention, 12-month seizure freedom, and adverse drug reaction (ADR) rates for the 10 most commonly used AEDs in patients with MTLE-HS. Results: Seven hundred sixty-seven patients with a total of 3,249 AED trials were included. The highest 12-month retention rates were observed with carbamazepine (85.9%), valproate (85%), and clobazam (79%). Twelve-month seizure freedom rates varied from 1.2% for gabapentin and vigabatrin to 11% for carbamazepine. Response rates were highest for AEDs that were prescribed as initial treatment and lowest for AEDs that were used in a third or higher instance. ADRs were reported in 47.6% of patients, with the highest rates observed with oxcarbazepine (35.7%), topiramate (30.9%), and pregabalin (27.4%), and the lowest rates with clobazam (6.5%), gabapentin (8.9%), and lamotrigine (16.6%). The most commonly reported ADRs were lethargy and drowsiness, dizziness, vertigo and ataxia, and blurred vision and diplopia. Significance: Our results did not demonstrate any clear advantage of newer versus older AEDs. Our results provide useful insights into AED retention, efficacy, and ADR rates in patients with MTLE-HS. ER  - 
Clinical utility of serum lactate levels for differential diagnosis of generalized tonic–clonic seizures from psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and syncope$$$ Background The differential diagnosis of generalized tonic–clonic seizures (GTCS), psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), and syncope constitutes a major challenge. Misdiagnosis rates up to 20 to 30% are reported in the literature. Purpose To assess the clinical utility of serum lactate levels for differentiation of GTCS, PNES, and syncope based on gender differences. Methods Data from 270 patients were evaluated retrospectively. Only patients ≥ 18 years old with the final diagnosis of GTCS, PNES, or syncope in their chart were recruited. Serum lactate levels were measured in the first 2 h of the index event. Results Serum lactate levels in patients with GTCS (n = 157) were significantly higher than in the patients with PNES (n = 25) (p < 0.001) and syncope (n = 88) (p < 0.001). When compared with the females, serum lactate levels in patients with GTCS were significantly higher in the male subgroup (p = 0.004). In male patients the ROC analysis yielded a serum lactate value of 2.43 mmol/l with a sensitivity of 0.85 and a specificity of 0.88 as the optimal cut-off value to distinguish GTCS from other events. The ROC analysis for the AUC yielded a high estimate of 0.94 (95% confidence interval: 0.91–0.98). When a cut-off value of 2.43 mmol/l was chosen for the females, which was an optimal value for male patients, the specificity was 0.85, however, the sensitivity was 0.64. Conclusion We propose that serum lactate level when measured in the first 2h after the index event has a high clinical utility in the differential diagnosis of GTCS, PNES, and syncope. With concomitant clinical signs and physical examination findings besides neuroimaging and EEG, elevated levels of lactate should be taken into account when evaluating a patient with impaired consciousness. On the other hand, the suggested cut-off value 2.43 mmol/l might not have a discriminative effect between GTCS, PNES, and syncope in female patients. This finding should be verified in a prospectively designed study with a larger patient population. ER  - 
Wake up to sleep: The effects of lacosamide on daytime sleepiness in adults with epilepsy$$$ Objective The objective of the study was to investigate the effects of lacosamide (LCM) on daytime sleepiness ascertained by the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) in adults with focal epilepsy in a randomized, controlled design. Methods Subjects taking ≤ 2 AEDs for ≥ 4 weeks underwent polysomnography with EEG followed by the maintenance of wakefulness test (MWT) and completed the ESS and other patient-reported outcomes (PROs) at baseline, LCM 200 mg/day, and LCM 400 mg/day (Visit 4; V4). Primary endpoint was ESS change (V4 to baseline) between LCM and placebo. Noninferiority test on ESS used a one-sided t-test based on a hypothesized difference of 4-point change between groups. Superiority test used a two-sided t-test to investigate the difference in change in PROs and MWT mean sleep latency (MSL) between groups. Fifty-five subjects provided 80% power to show noninferiority of LCM assuming 10% dropout. Results Fifty-two subjects (mean age: 43.5 ± 13.2 years, 69% female, median monthly seizure frequency: 1 [0, 4.0]) participated. Baseline group characteristics including age, sex, ethnicity, standardized AED dose, seizure frequency, and ESS were similar. Abnormal baseline ESS scores were found in 35% of subjects. Noninferiority test found a ≤ 4-point increase in ESS (mean [95% CI]) in LCM subjects vs. placebo (− 1.2 [− 2.9, 0.53] vs. − 1.1 [− 5.2, 3.0], p = 0.027) at V4. No significant difference in change in PROs, MSL, seizure frequency, or AED standardized dose was observed between groups. Significance Our interventional trial found that LCM is not a major contributor to daytime sleepiness based on subjective and objective measures. Inclusion of sleepiness measures in AED trials is warranted given the high prevalence of sleep–wake complaints in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Adverse drug reactions of montelukast in children and adults$$$ Montelukast, a selective leukotriene receptor antagonist, is recommended in guidelines for the treatment of asthma in both children and adults. However, its effectiveness is debated, and recent studies have reported several adverse events such as neuropsychiatric disorders and allergic granulomatous angiitis. This study aims to obtain more insight into the safety profile of montelukast and to provide prescribing physicians with an overview of relevant adverse drug reactions in both children and adults. We retrospectively studied all adverse drug reactions on montelukast in children and adults reported to the Netherlands Pharmacovigilance Center Lareb and the WHO Global database, VigiBase® until 2016. Depression was reported most frequently in the whole population to the global database VigiBase® (reporting odds ratio (ROR) 6.93; 95% CI: 6.5–7.4). In the VigiBase®, aggression was reported the most in children (ROR, 29.77; 95% CI: 27.5–32.2). Headaches were reported the most frequently to the Dutch database (ROR, 2.26; 95% CI: 1.61–3.19). Furthermore, nightmares are often reported for both children and adults to the Dutch and the global database. Eight patients with allergic granulomatous angiitis were reported to the Dutch database and 563 patients in the VigiBase®. These data demonstrate that montelukast is associated with neuropsychiatric adverse drug reactions such as depression and aggression. Especially in children nightmares are reported frequently. Allergic granulomatous angiitis is also reported, a causal relationship has not been established. ER  - 
Clinical Characteristics and Treatment Patterns Among Patients Diagnosed With Cluster Headache in U.S. Healthcare Claims Data$$$ Objective: To characterize demographics, clinical characteristics, and treatment patterns of patients with cluster headache (CH). Background: CH is an uncommon trigeminal autonomic cephalalgia with limited evidence-based treatment options. Patients suffer from extremely painful unilateral headache attacks and autonomic symptoms with episodic and chronic cycles. Design/Methods: This retrospective analysis used insurance claims from Truven Health Analytics MarketScan® research databases from 2009 to 2014. Two cohorts were compared: CH patients (with ≥2 CH claims) were propensity score matched with 4 non-headache controls, all with continuous enrollment for 12 months before and after the date of first CH claim or matched period among controls. Results: CH patients (N = 7589) were mainly male (57.4%) and 35-64 years old (73.2%), with significantly more claims for comorbid conditions vs controls (N = 30,341), including depressive disorders (19.8% vs 10.0%), sleep disturbances (19.7% vs 9.1%), anxiety disorders (19.2% vs 8.7%), and tobacco use disorders (12.8% vs 5.3%), with 2.5 times greater odds of suicidal ideation (all P <.0001). Odds of drug dependence were 3-fold greater among CH patients (OR = 2.8 [95% CI 2.3-3.4, P <.0001]). CH patients reported significantly greater use of prescription medications compared with controls; 25% of CH patients had >12 unique prescription drug claims. Most commonly prescribed drug classes for CH patients included: opiate agonists (41%), corticosteroids (34%), 5HT-1 agonists (32%), antidepressants (31%), NSAIDs (29%), anticonvulsants (28%), calcium antagonists (27%), and benzodiazepines (22%). Only 30.4% of CH patients received recognized CH treatments without opioids during the 12-month post-index period. These patients were less likely to visit emergency departments or need hospitalizations (26.8%) as compared to CH patients with no pharmacy claims for recognized CH treatments or opioids (33.6%; P <.0001). Conclusions: The burden of CH is associated with significant co-morbidity, including substance use disorders and suicidal ideation, and treatment patterns indicating low use of recognized CH treatments. ER  - 
Pediatric Palliative Care: A Five-Year Retrospective Chart Review Study$$$ Background: More children are living with serious illness. However, survival and complexity of illnesses have not been described. Objective: To describe types of illnesses, timing of referral, and time to death following referral to palliative care; to examine the associations between demographics and clinical characteristics and patient survival; and to examine whether average daily pain decreases after referral. Design: Retrospective chart review of all children ages 2-16 years referred to palliative care at one large children's hospital during the five-year study period from January 1, 2009, through December 31, 2013. Measurements: The primary outcome was patient survival and the main independent predictor was type of illness. Kaplan-Meier estimation was used to estimate patient survival time following referral, Cox proportional hazards regression was used to build predictive models based on gender, age, race, religion, and types of illnesses, and paired t-Test compared the assessment of pain before and after referral. Results: The cohort consisted of 256 children. Survival experience did not differ significantly based on gender, age, race, or religion (p ≥ 0.05); however, survival did vary based on referring diagnosis (χ2 = 40.3, df = 4, p < 0.001), particularly cancer. Forty-eight children with three days of pain assessments pre-and postreferral had significantly decreased pain postreferral (t(47) = 1.816, p < 0.05 one tailed), supporting our hypothesis. Discussion: Results provide important information on the complexity of disease processes for children referred to palliative care, types of illnesses referred, survival, and pain levels. Results reflect earlier referral to palliative care for most children and highlight the medical complexity especially for children with congenital and genetic diagnoses. ER  - 
Apathy in people with epilepsy and its clinical significance: A case-control study$$$ Purpose Apathy as a state of decreased motivation has not been highlighted in people with epilepsy (PWE). We investigated its clinical significance in PWE. Methods We invited adult PWE who had been administered antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) for at least 1 year and compared them with age- and gender-matched healthy controls. Eligible participants completed several questionnaires including the Apathy Evaluation Scale-Self (AES-S), the Korean version of the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (K-NDDI-E), the Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7), the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), and the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), and the Quality of Life in Epilepsy-10 (QOLIE-10). We investigated the degree of interictal apathy in PWE compared with controls and identified its predictors. We also measured the impact of apathy on patients’ QOL. Results The mean overall AES-S score in PWE was similar to that of controls. However, the score was significantly higher in patients with uncontrolled epilepsy than controls (p < 0.01). Among subscale scores of the AES-S, the mean behavioral score was significantly higher in PWE than controls (p < 0.01). Education level, employment, household income, disease duration, AED-related factors, seizure control, and scores of the K-NDDI-E, GAD-7, ESS, and ISI were associated with the overall AES-S score by univariate analyses. However, major predictors were the K-NDDI-E (β = 0.476, p < 0.001) and duration of AED intake (β = 0.151, p < 0.01). The degree of apathy was significantly higher in patients receiving AEDs for 20 years or more than those receiving AEDs for 1–9 years (p < 0.01). The overall AES-S score was inversely correlated with the overall QOLIE-10 score (p < 0.001). Conclusion Duration of AED intake in PWE seems to be a critical factor for apathy regardless of comorbid depression. ER  - 
Understanding the health economic burden of patients with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) with epilepsy: A retrospective cohort study in the UK Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD)$$$ Introduction Epilepsy is highly prevalent in tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC), a multi-system genetic disorder. The clinical and economic burden of this condition is expected to be substantial due to treatment challenges, debilitating co-morbidities and the relationship between TSC-related manifestations. This study estimated healthcare resource utilisation (HCRU) and costs for patients with TSC with epilepsy (TSC+E) in the UK. Methods Patients with TSC+E in the Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD) linked to Hospital Episodes Statistics were identified from April 1997 to March 2012. Clinical data were extracted over the entire history, and costs were reported over the most recent 3-year period. HCRU was compared with a matched Comparator cohort, and the key cost drivers were identified by regression modelling. Results In total, 209 patients with TSC+E were identified, of which 40% recorded ≥2 other primary organ system manifestations and 42% had learning disability. Treatment with ≥2 concomitant antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) was prevalent (60%), potentially suggesting refractory epilepsy. Notwithstanding, many patients with TSC+E (12%) had no record of AED use in their entire history, which may indicate undertreatment for these patients. Brain surgery was recorded in 12% of patients. Routine electroencephalography and MRI were infrequently performed (30% of patients), yet general practitioner visits, hospitalisations and outpatient visits were more frequent in patients with TSC+E than the Comparator. This translated to threefold higher clinical costs (£14 335 vs £4448), which significantly increased with each additional primary manifestation (p<0.0001). Conclusions Patients with TSC+E have increased HCRU compared with the general CPRD population, likely related to manifestations in several organ systems, substantial cognitive impairment and severe epilepsy, which is challenging to treat and may be intractable. Disease surveillance and testing appears to be inadequate with few treatments trialled. Multidisciplinary care in TSC clinics with specialist neurologist input may alleviate some of the morbidity of patients, but more innovative treatment and management options should be sought. ER  - 
Health and use of early intervention/special education of native hawaiian and pacific islander children with developmental disabilities: United States, 2014$$$ Aims: In 2014, the National Center for Health Statistics conducted the Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander National Health Interview Survey (NHPINHIS), a first-of-its-kind survey focused exclusively on exploring the health of the NHPI population in the United States (US). This study examined associations between health, use of early intervention/special education services (EIS), and developmental disabilities (DDs) among NHPI children. Methods: The study used retrospective data from the 2014 NHPI NHIS survey. The analytical file was created using the Child Sample file as the primary data and was supplemented by the Family and Person files. DDs included in the analysis were attention-deficit disorder (ADD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism, blindness, cerebral palsy, deaf/a lot of trouble hearing, learning disability, mental retardation, seizures, stuttering, and other developmental delays. Conditions were self-reported from the adult answering “yes” when asked, “Has a doctor or health professional ever told you that [child's name] had [condition]?” Health measures included (a) health status (range of 1:fair/poor-4:excellent; (2) health/functional (HF) impact (range of 1:lowest-5:highest) created from a series of 5 questions asking about limitations, use of special equipment, needing help with personal care needs, use of prescription medications, and use of home healthcare; and (3) physical/emotional problem (PE) scores (range of 0:lowest-12: highest). Estimates and standard errors were weighted to reflect the national non-institutionalized population of NHPI children. Results: Of 1305 (weighted n = 378,843), prevalence of DDs was 10.1% among NHPI children. The most frequently reported conditions were learning disability (4.1%), ADD/ADHD (3.8%), and other developmental delay (2.5%). 7.2% had 1DD and 2.9% had ≥2DDs. Mean health status of children with 1DD was 3.24 (SE = 0.11), which was higher than those with ≥2DDs (mean = 2.66, SE = 0.15) (p = 0.002). Mean HF impact scores and PE scores were higher among children with ≥2DDs, compared to those with 1DD (HF: 0.69 vs. 0.32, p = 0.026; PE: 3.15 vs. 4.94, p = 0.006, respectively). 47.4% of children with DDs reported using EIS. Children with ≥2DDs were more likely to use EIS (AdjOR = 5.17, 95% CI of 1.54-17.37). Children with better health status were less likely to use EIS. Conclusions: DDs profoundly impact health and functioning of NHPI children, especially those with ≥2DDs. These findings urge public decision-makers to identify strategies to minimize these impacts. ER  - 
Long-Term, Open-Label, Safety Study of Edivoxetine Monotherapy in Children and Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess the long-term safety and tolerability of edivoxetine, a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, which was being developed as monotherapy in pediatric attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Methods: This was an open-label study of edivoxetine once daily dosing (0.1-0.3 mg/kg) as treatment for ADHD in children (6-11 years) and adolescents (12-17 years) to assess safety for up to 5 years. The safety assessments included the incidence of adverse events, vital signs, electrocardiograms, laboratory tests, percentile changes in weight, height, and body mass index, and Tanner staging. Efficacy of treatment with edivoxetine was also assessed using the Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale-Version IV-Parent Reported: Investigator Scored (ADHDRS-IV) and Clinical Global Impressions-ADHD-Severity (CGI-ADHD-S). Results: A total of 267 children and adolescents were enrolled and 20 completed the 5-year study. Most of the participants were male (70.4%) and white (67.4%), and the mean age was 11.6 years. Two hundred three participants (76.9%; N = 264) experienced at least one adverse event. Treatment-emergent adverse events reported in >10% of participants were headache, vomiting, nausea, and upper respiratory tract infection. Serious adverse events (SAEs) were reported by seven participants (2.7%) during study treatment periods, and one participant was diagnosed with suspect epilepsy during the follow-up period after discontinuation of edivoxetine. Conclusion: Long-term open-label treatment with edivoxetine as monotherapy in children and adolescents with ADHD revealed a safety profile that was consistent with its pharmacological effects on norepinephrine transmission and with that reported in short-term studies of edivoxetine. The study was terminated early due to slow enrollment and the very low number of 5-year completers. Lilly is not proceeding with further development of edivoxetine, as announced in 2013. ER  - 
Effectiveness and Side Effect Profile of Stimulant Medication for the Treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Youth with Epilepsy$$$ Objectives: This clinical case series examined the effectiveness and potential side effects associated with stimulant medication for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in 20 youth with epilepsy. Methods: Response to stimulant medication was examined through symptom reduction on the Conners-Third Edition: Parent Rating Scale, Short Form [Conner 3-P(S)], which was administered to caregivers before initiation of treatment and following dosage titration to achieve therapeutic efficacy. Stimulant medication side effects were examined with the Side Effect Rating Scale before treatment and following dosage titration. Repeated measures mixed model approach was used to compare symptom reduction and side effects between the two time points. Results: Repeated measures ANOVA revealed significant ADHD symptom reduction as measured by the Conner 3-P(S). Review of patient medical records and caregiver report did not reveal seizure exacerbation. Caregivers, in fact, reported fewer side effects following treatment for ADHD compared with baseline. Conclusion: These results contribute to growing evidence in support of the effectiveness of stimulant medication, without seizure exacerbation or medication side effects, for treatment of ADHD in youth with epilepsy. ER  - 
Analysis of potential drugs interaction on antihypertension drugs prescription in community health center of sukmajaya district in period of june-november 2015$$$ Objectives: Hypertension is a common disease around the world. Depending on the severity or the presence of other diseases, whether related or unrelated, additional drug therapy may be required to optimize treatment and to reduce the side effects of drugs. The use of drugs in large amounts may increase the risk of drug interactions. The purpose of this research was to evaluate the characteristics of hypertension patients, prescriptions, and potential drug interactions in hypertensive patients in the Sukmajaya Community Health Center from June to November 2015. Methods: This research used a descriptive analytic method and the data were retrospectively obtained. Results: The results were based on the analysis of 350 prescriptions of female (67.43%) and male (32.57%) patients, with the highest prevalence of hypertension occurring at the age of ≥55 years. Potential drug interactions were analyzed using Micromedex. The most frequent potential interaction resulted from the combined use of captopril and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. The most frequent mechanism of drug interaction was pharmacokinetics (51.06%). The chi-square test results showed a significant relationship between the number of prescribed drugs and potential interactions at a probability value of 0.0001 and an odds ratio of 5.940 (15.588-2.263). Conclusions: With respect to interaction mechanism, pharmacokinetic (51.06%) was the most frequent and 61.70% of potential cases involved a moderate interaction risk. ER  - 
Effect of anti-diabetic medications on fracture risk in type II diabetes mellitus$$$ Background/Purpose: Risk of osteoporotic fracture in type II Diabetes Mellitus is conflicting and possibly related to the anti-diabetic medication used. There is evidence to suggest protective effect of some medications (e.g. metformin and sulfonylureas) while others have been associated with increased risk for fractures (e.g. thiazolidinedione and DPP4-inhibitors). Thus, we examined the association of oral anti-diabetic medications with hip fractures risk in community-dwelling older adults with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. Methods: We conducted a nested case-control study in men and women ≥ 40 years old with incident (new-onset) type II Diabetes Mellitus, from The Health Improvement Network (THIN), an electronic medical records database from the United Kingdom. For each incident (new-onset) hip fracture case, we selected up to 4 controls matched by age and sex. We categorized the anti-diabetic medications into the following categories: 1) Current use (last prescription within 1 year) of Metformin alone; 2) Current use of Sulfonylureas alone; 3) Current use of Thiazolidinediones or DPP4 inhibitors alone; 4) Current use of combinations or others; 5) Current use of any drug with recent switch in category; 6) Remote use of any medications (last prescription >1 year ago) as the reference category. In a multivariable conditional logistic model, we adjusted for alcoholism/heavy drinking, BMI, fall/high risk of falls, smoking and medications (ace inhibitors, anti-osteoporosis medications, anti-seizure drugs, beta-blockers, diuretics, estrogen, glucocorticoids). Results: Among 2673 subjects (mean age 72y; 70% women; 447 incident hip fracture cases and 2226 controls), the hip fractures cases had lower BMI and were more likely to have alcoholism and falls. As shown in Table, compared to remote use of any oral anti-diabetic medications, the odds for hip fracture was reduced by 36% with current metformin use (OR 0.64, 95% CI 0.49- 0.84), no different with current use of sulfonylureas (OR 1.02, 95%CI 0.76-1.38) and slightly increased, although not statistically significant, with current Thiazolidinedione or DPP-4 inhibitors (OR 1.29, 95%CI 0.69-2.43) use. Conclusion: We found protective effect of metformin use, no effect of sulfonylureas and possibly adverse effect of Thiazolidinedione and DPP-4 inhibitors on hip fracture risk in this large cohort of older diabetic patients. Clinicians caring for older diabetic patients need to consider fracture risk while selecting anti-diabetic medications. (Table presented). ER  - 
Comparison of clinical and serological features of juvenile and adult-onset neuropsychiatric lupus in Spanish patients$$$ Background/Purpose: Neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations are a main cause of morbidity and mortality in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (jSLE). Some studies suggest that they are more frequent and severe in jSLE than in adult-onset SLE (aSLE). We performed a study to compare the clinical and serological profile of pediatric and adult patients with neuropsychiatric lupus (NPSLE) treated in a Spanish tertiary center. Methods: A retrospective study of patients with jSLE (age of onset: 0-18y) and aSLE (age of onset: >18y) seen in our center during the period 1988-2016 was performed. Case definitions of the American College of Rheumatology were used to identify NPSLE manifestations. Demographics, clinical and serological data were obtained through a review of their medical records. Results: A total of 69 patients with NPSLE were included, aSLE 41 (59%) and jSLE 28 (41%), the comparison of groups is presented in the table. Most of them were Caucasian (92%), mean age at diagnosis in adults was 36.4 years (range: 19-68) and 13.9 years (range: 8-18) in children. The proportion of males was higher in the latter group. The mean duration of the disease was significantly greater in adults, as well as the time from SLE diagnosis to NP manifestation onset, although without significant difference. Central NP manifestations were the most frequent in both groups (aSLE 93%, jSLE 96%) regarding to the peripheral manifestations (aSLE 12%, jSLE 11%). The most frequent manifestations in aSLE were headache (29%), cerebrovascular disease (27%), seizures (17%) and myelopathy (15%), whereas in jSLE were seizures (46%), headache (29%), mood disorder/depression (25%), psychosis (18%) and autonomic disorders (18%). A significant group of patients presented ≥ 2 central manifestation during their evolution (aSLE 32%, jSLE 41%), with the mean number of manifestations in adults being 1.36 (range: 1-3) and in children 1.44 Range: 1-4 ). Patients with jSLE developed lupus nephritis (LN) with a significantly higher frequency, as well as higher titres of anti-DNA antibodies, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and hypocomplementemia. During the study period there was mortality in 2 cases of aSLE and 2 jSLE (5% and 7%, respectively). (Table presented) Conclusion: Our results corroborate that juvenile patients with NPSLE present higher disease activity compared to adults. There was no significant diference in the time from SLE diagnosis to NP manifestation onset, but tended to be shorter in jSLE. The spectrum of NPSLE was varied both groups and an important proportion developed ≥ 2 manifestation. Mortality continues to be important in NPSLE in both age groups. ER  - 
Effect of primary health care worker training on identification of child-and adolescent mental health conditions: A randomised controlled trial in Uganda$$$ Introduction Globally, up to 20% of children and adolescents suffer from mental, neurological or substance use (MNS) disorders, but a mental health treatment gap exists, which can be closed through integrating MNS services into primary health care (PHC). However, the ability of PHC workers to detect and manage child-and adolescent mental health conditions (CAMH) is inadequate. The WHO Mental Health Gap Action Program (mhGAP) is designed to aid integration of MNS disorders into PHC in low and middle income countries. Aim To evaluate the effect of a CAMH-focused mhGAP training of PHC providers on identification of MNS disorders among children and adolescents in Eastern Uganda. Methods This randomized controlled trial compared the yield of CAMH patients in intervention (n = 18) compared to control clinics (n = 18) following mhGAP training of PHC workers. Clinics were included in the intervention if they neither had psychiatric staff nor had been exposed to mhGAP. Providers of PHC services to children and adolescents were trained on identification and referral for CAMH, based on the mhGAP implementation guide. The primary outcome was the proportion of clinics in the intervention arm with a non-epilepsy CAMH diagnosis for three consecutive months post-training, compared to control arm clinics. Data were analysed using fisher's exact test and logistic regression based on Intention to Treat principles. Results The proportion of clinics registering a CAMH diagnosis was significantly higher in the intervention (8%) than in the control (3%) arms (P = 0.037). The odds of a CAMH diagnosis were 2.5 times higher in intervention sites (AOR 2.50; 95% CI [1.32, 4.76]; P = 0.005) adjusting for patient age and sex, and accounting for clustering of patients at the clinic level, while number needed to treat (NNT) is 23,256. Conclusion Training PHC providers on mhGAP results in significantly higher CAMH cases being identified in Eastern Uganda. However, detection rates are still very low. ER  - 
Long-term safety and efficacy of brain responsive stimulation in adults with medically-intractable partial onset seizures$$$ Introduction: The RNS® System (NeuroPace, Inc.) provides brain responsive cortical stimulation and is FDA approved as an adjunctive treatment for adults with partial onset seizures (POS). Long-term safety and efficacy data is available from patients participating in the prospective clinical trials. Methods: 256 adults with medically intractable POS localized to 1 or 2 sei-zure foci were treated in a 2 year randomized controlled (N = 191) or feasibility (N = 65) study and 230 of these patients transitioned into an additional 7 year long-term treatment (LTT) study (ongoing). Efficacy is assessed as % change in seizure frequency as well as responder rate (RR, % of subjects with-> 50% seizure reduction). Safety is assessed by adverse events. Results: On average, subjects were 34.0 years old, had 19.6 years of epilepsy, and were taking 2.9 antiepileptic medications. The median seizure fre-quency was 10.2 seizures/28 days. As of 11/1/2015, the median follow-up was 6.8 years with 1716.1 patient implant years. Efficacy for each 3-month period beginning at year 2 is presented in Fig. 1. At 7 years, the median % reduction reached 72% (n 5 185). In addition, 29% of subjects experienced at least one seizure-free period of > 6-months. Median % change using a last observation carried forward analysis (because not all subjects have completed the study) was 267.6% (IQR: 216.7 to 295.1%) with a similar response for mesial temporal lobe or neocortical onsets. There were no unan-ticipated device-related serious adverse events (SAEs). Six/256 patients had an intracranial hemorrhage that was not attributed to seizure related head trauma; 3 in the post-operative period and 3 occurred 3 years after implant. One patient had persistent mild right hand weakness, one had headache and others were asymptomatic. The infection rate was 3.7% per initial or replacement neurostimulator procedure, and all but one infection was soft tissue only. There were 14 deaths; 2 due to suicide, 1 each due to status epilepticus, herpes encephalitis, sepsis, lung/colon cancer, and lymphoma, 4 due to definite SUDEP, 1 due to probable SUDEP and 2 due to possible SUDEP. Conclusion: Patients treated with the RNS System had sustained reductions in seizures that were in excess of 65% at 7 years of prospective follow-up. In addition, 29% experienced at least one period of >6 months without seizures. Treatment remained safe over time. This experience supports the long-term effectiveness and safety of treatment with the RNS System. ER  - 
Successful use of clozapine in severe intractable aggressive and self-injurious behaviours in adults with autism and intellectual disabilities$$$ Introduction: Clozapine is an atypical antipsychotic medication recognised for its efficacy in treatment refractory schizophrenia [1]. Reports indicate that clozapine may be helpful in treating severe behavioural problems in patients with autism and intellectual disabilities [2]. Aim: To describe three adult patients who have shown remarkable improvement in their behavioural problems with Clozapine. Method: A retrospective review of case files of patients who were treated with clozapine was done in a specialist inpatient unit that admits adults with intellectual disability and autism associated with severe behavioural problems. Results: The ages of three male patients in years were 22 (Mr. B), 30 (Mr. M) and 25 (Mr.H). Mr.B had mild intellectual disability and autism with frequent “meltdowns”, during which he would destroy property and assault others. Mr. M had moderate intellectual disability and autism and aggressive behaviours such as poking other people's eyes. Mr. H had severe intellectual disability and autism with severe self-injurious behaviours and he banged his head against the wall repeatedly. All the above three patients had undergone various interven tions such as behavioural therapy. They were also tried on various medications including antipsychotics such as risperidone. Their behaviours continued despite those interventions resulting in significant distress or risks to themselves and others. As none of the patients had the mental capacity to consent, the decision to start clozapine was made by the treating doctor based on the patients' best interests in agreement with their families. Total daily dose of clozapine for Mr. B was 550mg, while both Mr. M and Mr. H received 400mg per day. Within two months of starting clozapine, Mr. B showed remarkable improvement in the frequency of his “meltdowns” from almost daily occurrence to none. This improvement has helped him to have longer home leaves. Mr. B also showed remarkable improvement with no aggressive behaviours within two months of starting clozapine helping him to participate in group activities. Mr.H also showed significant improvements in head-banging behaviours with the frequency of such behaviours reducing from up to six times a day to once a week. With regard to side effects, all patients underwent protocol for blood monitoring with no evidence of neutropenia or agranulocytosis. Mr. B had mild tachycardia and this was managed with addition of propranolol. He also suffered from salivary drooling and excessive sweating in the initial period which have improved over time. Mr. M had sedation and constipation in the initial few weeks which have also improved. Mr. H suffered an episode for generalized tonic clonic seizure probably triggered by Clozapine. Subsequently the dose was reduced from 500 mg per day to 400 mg per day and he was started on Levetiracetam. He has not had any further seizures. Conclusion: Clozapine may be an effective medication in managing severe behavioural problems resistant to conventional treatments in patients with intellectual disability and autism. However, patients must be monitored for potential serious side effects. Systematic evaluation of clozapine for this indication is warranted. ER  - 
Intravenous sodium valproate for the treatment of mixed symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder: A pilot study$$$ Under the DSM-5, the specifier “with mixed features” may be added to a diagnosis of bipolar or major depressive disorder to indicate an episode of mania or depression, concomitant with three or more symptoms of the opposite polarity. The presence of mixed features has been associated with a more severe course of illness and longer time to achieve remission [1]. The treatment of mixed symptoms usually includes antipsychotic drugs and mood stabilizers. Intravenous sodium valproate (ISV) has been widely used for seizures in neurology [2], nevertheless there are only few studies investigating the safety and efficacy of ISV in patients with mood disorder. The aim of this pilot study is to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of ISV treatment in patients with bipolar disorder with mixed features specifier. Our sample consisted of fifty patients (21 males) affected by an acute episode of bipolar I and II disorder, with an average age of 47.78 years. Twenty-one patients were already treated with oral sodium valproate before the new acute episode. Patients were treated with ISV with a mean dosage of 592 mg on day 1 and 800 mg during the following days. Severity of mood symptoms was assessed via the Clinical Global Impression scale adapted to bipolar disorder (CGI-BP) at baseline, i.e. before the first dose of ISV (T0), and at the time of switching from intravenous to oral sodium valproate (T1). Treatment tolerability was assessed by clinical observation giving a score ranging from zero (lack of side effects) to three (severe side effects). Patients were treated for an average of 3.72 days and the mean serum levels of valproate was 54.47 ug/ml on the fourth day of treatment. Upon discontinuation of ISV, 47 of the 50 subjects were switched to oral valproate. Mean CGI-BP score at T0 was 6.18, 5.9 and 6.58 for severity of manic symptoms, severity of depressive symptoms and overall bipolar index, respectively. At T1 the mean CGI-BP score decreased to 3.34 for manic symptoms, 3.86 for depressive symptoms and 4.14 for overall bipolar index. Ten patients experienced side effects: seven individuals reported sedation, nausea, dizziness or dry mouth and three patients showed a decrease in WBC neutrophil count and the treatment was discontinued. We observed a rapid improvement in CGI-BP score during the period of ISV administration, with very limited side effects. Furtheremore, we noted a reduction of 45.95% of the CGI-BP score for manic symptoms. Patients well accepted the intravenous administration and clinicians universally reported the impression that ISV was more effective and with a much faster onset of action than oral valproate. This pilot study showed that the ISV administration might represent a fast, safe and effective strategy to improve both manic/hypomanic and depressive symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder and mixed features. Our study has several limitations (small sample size, lack of a randomized control group, concomitant administration of other medications), however this preliminary report may encourage further research. ER  - 
Impaired corticospinal excitability revealed by transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a frequent and disabling disease. Up to now, growing evidence suggests that neuroplasticity is impaired in patients with MDD [1]. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non invasive and painless technique that can modulate brain excitability and connectivity. The modulation of corticospinal excitability induced by TMS might be an index of neuroplasticity measured in the living human. In the last years, several studies reported impaired neuroplasticity induced by TMS protocol in patients with psychiatric disorders such as autism spectrum disorder [2]. We hypothesized that TMS would revealed impaired neuroplasticity in patients with MDD as compared with healthy controls. Methods: Eight right-handed patients with DSM 5 unipolar MDD free for any other axis I disorder and 6 matched healthy controls were included. Participants were free for any medication including antidepressants, antiepileptic or antipsychotic drugs. In a crossover study, participants received 2 sessions of theta-burst stimulation (TBS-[3]) protocols separated by a least 2 days: one session of intermittent TBS (iTBS) and one sessions of continuous TBS (cTBS). TBS consisted in delivering 600 pulses (3 pulses at 50 Hz each 200 ms during 47 s for cTBS, during 2 s each 10 s for iTBS-[3]) at an intensity set at 80% of the active motor threshold. TBS was applied over the left primary motor cortex (M1) using a neuronavigation system coupled with patient” MRI. Motor evoked potentials (MEPs) induced by a single pulse TMS were recorded before TBS sessions and each 10 min during 2 hs after the TBS sessions. Amplitude of MEPs at baseline was set at about 1 mV Results: Effect of iTBS Compare to MEPs amplitude before TBS protocol: iTBS induced a significant increase of MEPs amplitude (p = 0.002) in patients with MDD (from 852.9 ±330.7 to 1390.3 ± 490.5 μV;). iTBS induced a significant increase of MEPs amplitude (p = 0.003) in healthy volunteers (from 1081.6 ± 148.0 to 2663.0 ± 748.0 μV;). iTBS induced a significant lower effect (p = 0.003).in patients with MDD (+537.4 ± 329.3) as compared with healthy volunteers (+1581.4 ± 728.9) Effect of cTBS cTBS induced a significant decrease of MEPs amplitude (p = 0.002) in patients with MDD (from 1115.2 ± 559.0 to 303.9 ± 226.0 μV). cTBS induced a significant decrease of MEPs amplitude (p = 0.002) in healthy volunteers (from 966.8 ± 207.5 to447.8 ± 171.0 μV;). There was no difference (p = 0.2) between the cTBS induced decrease of MEPs amplitude in healthy volunteers (-389.2 ± 308.8) and in patients with MDD (-811.8 ± 513.4; p = 0.2). Conclusion: iTBS revealed impaired corticospinal excitability in patients with MDD. Response to cTBS seems preserved in patients with MDD as compared to controls. These results suggest that LTP-like plasticity is impaired in MDD but not LTD-like plasticity [2]. ER  - 
A major challenge for clinicians: Discussing rechallenge with clozapine through a case series$$$ Background: Clozapine is a medication that exhibits unique efficacy for patients with treatment resistant psychotic disorders [1]. However, its side effect prof ile presents serious challenges in practice. Clozapine use is associated with hyper-salivation, tachy cardia, enuresis, sweating, eosinophilia, metabolic syndrome and constipation [2-3]. Among more serious side effects of clozapine are an approximately 3% risk of myocarditis, 1-3% risk of seizures and 0.5-1% risk of severe neutropenia [4]. Because of a severe neutropenia risk, mandatory regular blood draws to monitor the absolute neutrophil count are necessary, and this practice can cause discouragement in initiating and continuing clozapine treatment. Aims: Once clozapine treatment is discontinued patients typically have limited future treatment options. Herein, we investigate the results of clozapine rechallenge in 9 patients. Methods: Patients who were rechallenged with clozapine following side effects, suboptimal treatment response or poor compliance to treatment during previous clozapine therapy were identified from medical records of 122 patients in a search dating between 2015-2016 at Hacettepe University Medical Faculty, Department of Psychiatry. Results: During the database search, we reached 26 patient records which indicated discontinuation of clozapine treatment; among these patients, 9 (34.6%) (7 women, 2 men) had been later rechallenged with clozapine. The mean age of the patients was 45.3 years. The mean duration of illness until clozapine treatment was 132 months and the median duration of previous clozapine treatment until discontinuation was 2 years (range 0, 16-7). Among these 9 cases, 3 patients (33.3%) had sedation, 2 patients (22.2%) showed metabolic disturbances, 2 patients (22.2%) had poor clozapine response as a reason for discontinuation. More seriously, 1 patient (11.1%) had leukopenia and 1 patient (11.1%) suffered from clozapine intoxication and had to stop treatment immediately. Seven patients were rechallenged due to unsuccessful treatment response and psychotic relapse, and 2 patients were rechallenged because of extrapyramidal side effects with the following treatment regimen. When the clozapine daily dose for the rechallenge was compared with that of the prior trial, most of the patients (55.5%) were found to receive a lower dose. In order to relieve side effects, comorbid anxiety and obsessive compulsive symptoms and to obtain further improvement in residual psychotic symptoms, 6 patients (66.6%) were receiving additional treatment agents. Conclusion: While clozapine may cause numerous side effects of varying severity, other antipsychotics are not free of such medical risks (e.g., sedation, weight gain, extrapyramidal side effects). In case of treatment resistance, the polypharmacy option can lead to more and new side effects. Also, poorly treated psychiatric disorders can further complicate medical treatment. When a decision to rechallenge is made, using a lower dose should be considered, especially if the reason for discontinuation has been poor tolerability. It may also be useful to use add on treatments to to enhance tolerability. In our series of rechallanged cases, only two patients' clozapine treatment had been discontinued due to serious side effects. Effective approaches using interdisciplinary collab-oration, close monitorization and hospitalization might deal with safety issues and certainly facilitate the continuation treatment. ER  - 
Effect of long-term valproate treatment on bone metabolism in patients with bipolar disorder: A pilot study$$$ Background: Sodium valproate and its derivatives have proven effective and are presently indicated in the United States for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes linked with bipolar disorder, epilepsy and prophylaxis of migraine headaches. For those patients who benefit in the acute phase, valproate is also indicated for maintenance therapy of bipolar disease. Recently, concerns have been raised about sodium valproate use in women of child bearing potential and pregnant women. Indeed the European Medicines Agency Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee concluded that the benefit-risk balance of valproate remains favorable but this medication should not be utilized in female children, women of childbearing potential and pregnant women except alternative treatments are ineffective or not tolerated in the following indications. Further concerns have been recently raised about the possibility that anticonvulsants have a negative effect on bone mineral density. Objectives: The aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of sodium valproate on the phospho-calcium metabolism of patients with bipolar disease receiving valproate for at least 1 year. Methods: 227 patients with bipolar disease were retrospectively evaluated and a chart review covering a period of one year was conducted. All patients were treated with sodium valproate (± other mood stabilizers/anticonvulsant, antipsychotics, antide pressants or anxiolytics). Blood laboratory evaluation panel included calcium, alkaline phosphatase and magnesium level. Subjects affected by other medical conditions which could affect bone metabolism, such as malabsorbition, renal, hepatic, endo crine, hematologic or rheumatic disorders, were excluded. Results: The mean age of total sample was 46.03 ± 1.03. The sample included 111 female (48.9%) female and 116 male (51.1%). Mean values of calcium, magnesium and alkaline phosphatase were 9.48 ±0.03 (reference value 8.0-11.0 mg/dl), 2.07 ± 0.03 (reference value 1.50-2.50 mg/dl) and 60.6 ±1.23 (reference value 35-105 UI/l), respectively. Therefore in our evaluation none of the study patients showed out of range laboratory values for calcium, magnesium and alkaline phosphatase. Conclusions: None of the patients studied showed abnormal ities in magnesium, alkaline phosphatase and calcium levels, this suggesting that valproate may not be responsible for significant alterations in the calcium/phosphate metabolism. However, no final conclusions may be drawn before an assessment of bone mineral density (BMD) and an evaluation of other biochemical markers such as phosphorus (P), parathyroid hormone (PTH), and 25-Hydroxyvitamin D or calcifediol (best indicator of vitamin D status), are preformed (along with the laboratory tests that were evaluated in this study) on a larger sample of patients, possibly treated with valproate monotherapy. Clearly, more research is needed in this field, given that data regarding bone metabolism in patients treated with psychiatric medications remain controversial [1-3]. Nonetheless, the finding of the absence of major serum mineral alterations in a relatively large number of patients treated with valproate for at least one year is reassuring. ER  - 
A 7-year follow-up study of child and adolescent mental health emergencies$$$ Introduction: An increasing trend in emergency department (ED) visits due to acute mental health concerns has been reported among children and adolescents [1]. However, the characteristics of this vulnerable population in ED settings have not been fully addressed [2]. Advocating for improved management of mental health disorders in ED is therefore a milestone in child and adolescent psychiatry [3]. Objectives: 1. To underpin the socio-demographic and clinical variables associated with children and adolescents under 17 years old who attended ED due to mental health problems. 2. To analyse the diagnostic stability over the follow-up period. Methods: A retrospective study was undertaken on a sample composed of 160 patients (84 females, 76 males) aged under 17 years old who attended ED due to mental health crises and required psychiatric assessment. The sample was recruited over a 7-year period (January 2010-January 2017). ICD-10 psychiatric diagnoses assigned in ED were tracked during the period studied. Clinical and socio-demographic variables were obtained from medical records. Results: Mean age 14.62 years old(SD: 2.15). The sample was composed of 52.5% females and 47.5% males. An overall upward trend in the prevalence of child and adolescent mental health emergencies was noted, spanning from 14.4% of the total in 2010 and 25% in 2016. Most patients lived in urban settings (71.3%) and most parents were divorced (51%). The most common causes of mental health emergencies in the sample were aggressive behaviour (41.8%) followed by self-harm (25.9%), agitation (16.5%) and anxiety (12%). The most prevalent causes of ED visits were aggressive behaviour in males (56%) and self-harm in females (40%). Personal history of suicide attempt had a higher prevalence among females (53%) when compared to males (17%) at p < 0.001. Severe problems of the primary support group were detected in 25.8% of subjects. Somatic history: epilepsy (10.1%), coeliac disease (6.3%), diabetes (5.7%), structural heart disease (1.9%), thyroid disease (1.9%), cerebral palsy (1.3%). Most patients had a prior psychiatric history (89.9%) with Conduct Disorders being the most prevalent diagnosis (40.6%) followed by ADHD (16.3%) and Major Depressive Episodes (11.9%). Among them, 73% received psychopharmacological treatment prior to ED admission (44% antipsychotics, 43% benzodiacepines, 30% antidepressants, 14% mood stabilizers, 11% stimulants). Psychiatric family history was noted in 42% of the cases. Substance abuse was recorded in 12% of the sample, THC being the most prevalent drug of abuse. Alcohol abuse was significantly more prevalent among females (12%) when compared to males (2.6%) at p = 0.026. Inpatient admission rates were 13.2%. Upon ED discharge, 78.1% of patients attended a first consultation in child and adolescent mental health services and only 57.8% collected ED prescriptions. Diagnostic stability over the period studied was 73%. Conclusions: Our results highlight gender differences in child and adolescent mental health emergencies, with aggressive behaviour being more prevalent among males and self-harm being more prevalent among females. Most patients have a psychiatric history prior to ED visits. The upward trend in childhood and youth psychiatric emergencies leads to the need for further studies in order to validate these findings. ER  - 
Perinatal and early childhood prognosis factors in children with neurodevelopmental disorders$$$ Background: Non-genetic prenatal risk factors such as maternal stress, smoking, alcohol consumption and infections during pregnancy strongly correlate to the incidence of neurodevelopment disorders [1]. Specific risk factors, such as maternal smoking and stress, are more associated with the occurrence of attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder, whereas others, such as maternal infec tions, are more linked with the prevalence of autism spectrum disorders in the of fspring [2]. Aim: In this context, the aim of our study was to assess the occurrence of various risk factors in a group of children diagnosed with neurodevelopmental disorders. A secondary goal was to identify factors that could add-up to an overall prognosis score. Methods: Four hundred and sixty children (100 girls) diagnosed with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) (164 children), autism disorders comorbid with hyperkinetic disorders ASD + ADHD) (131 children) and with attention deficit hyperactivity disorders (ADHD) (164 children) were randomly selected from the patients admitted to the child and adolescent psychiatry depart ment of our hospital, based on the informed consent of their parents and local ethical approval. ADOS and ADHD-RS scores were determined for each child, according to their respective diagnoses. 297 of the parents of these patients completed a screening questionnaire based on data regarding the pregnancy and early childhood of the patient. A risk score (RPS) was calculated by adding maternal smoking, alcohol and drug consumption and toxic waste exposure during pregnancy, and the child's predis-position to infections, diarrhea, fever seizures, food intolerance and allergies. The mothers reported their stress during pregnancy on a scale from 1 to 10. The data were analyzed using SPSS 21.0 and Excel. The distribution of the continuous data was checked using Shapiro-Wilk testing and parametric analysis was conducted for Shapiro-Wilk p > 0.05. Otherwise, non-parametric tests were employed. Results: There were signifficant differences in the presence of psychiatric disorders among first degree relatives (χ2(6, 460) = 15.62, p = 0.01), with children with ADHD having more first degree relatives diagnosed with a psychiatric condition. There were no diffrences between the ages of either parent at the birth of the child between the three groups. There were no differences in the RPS between the three groups (χ2(2, 298) = 2, p = 0.3), however, there was a small correlation between the mother's self-reported stress score and their RPS in the mothers of children from the ASD + ADHD group (Sperarman's Rho = 0.18, p(one-tailed) = 0.04). Interestingly, there was a moderate negative correlation between the mother's perceived stress level during pregnancy and the child's ADHD-rating scale score in the same ASD + ADHD group(Sperarman's Rho =-0.41, p(one-tailed) = 0.04). There was also a small correlation between the mothers's stress level during pregnancy and the RPS (Sperarman's Rho = 0.16, p = 0.005). Conclusions: Our results suggest that maternal stress might be one of the most important factors in the development of a specific type of neurodevelopmental disorder. It seems to out-weight other factors in its influence, particularly in children who develop comorbid ASD and ADHD. This result corroborates with data previously described in the literature [3] regarding the influence of maternal stress on the development of neurodevelopmental disorders. ER  - 
Allostatic load and cognitive outcome after 12 weeks of alprazolam treatment in patients with anxiety disorders$$$ Purpose: To provide a promising assessment of the cumulative influence of stress on health, Seeman and Crimmins developed Allostatic Load (AL) index [1, 2]. AL index proposes indicators for the functioning of main potentially stress-affected systems, and is considered a marker of cumulative biological risk [1, 2]. Anxiety disorders are frequently associated with chronic stress and high AL, with clinical and cognitive consequences [3]. Chronic stress has been demonstrated to induce functionally-relevant effects on hippocampus and prefrontal cortex neuroplasticity, traduced on impairments in cognition [4]. Additionally, benzodiazepines are effective in reducing anxiety scores but may have controversial effects on cognition [5]. The aim of this study was to determine the AL impact on cognitive performance in patients with anxiety disorders and to estimate the influence of alprazolam (a positive allosteric modulator of GABA A receptor) on clinical and cognitive variables after 12 week of treatment, in an observational clinical trial. Methods: Patients with GAD (general anxiety disorders, DSM IV), >6 in Hamilton scale (HAM-A), AL (≥ 3 Crimmins and Seeman AL modified criteria), neuroticism >18 (NEO-FFI), and normal Mini-Mental Examination, were included. All patients completed psychiatric, AL index and cognitive assessment before (-1 week) and after (12 week) of treatment with alprazolam (0.25-1 mg/t.i.d). Cognitive assessment included Five Point Test (FPT), Verbal Fluency Test (VFT), Continuous Performance Test (CPT) and Digit Spam Test (DST). AL parameters were: systolic and diastolic blood pressure, body mass index and waist-hip ratio (indexes of adipose tissue deposition), serum lipid prof ile and total cholesterol/HDL ratio, salivary cortisol, salivary methoxyhydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG) (noradrenaline metabol ite) and serum noradrenaline (indexes of HPA hyperactivity), serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEA-S) (a functional HPA axis antagonist), immflamatory parameters (serum fibrino-gen, C reactive protein and low albumin), and serum creatinine levels and glycosylated hemoglobin (as markers of organ-system dysfunction). Student's t-test (related variables), and Pearson's correlations were determined. Results: Forty-four patients, 18 males (44.3 ± 13.2 years) and 26 females (50.3 ± 11.7 years), completed 12 weeks of treatment and were included in this study. Clinical variables including anxiety scores and neuroticism were significantly reduced at 12 week (p < 0.05). AL was 6.1 ± 1.7 points before treatment and 5.2 ± 2.2 after 12 weeks of treatment (p < 0.05). This reduction in the total AL index was observed at the expense of specific AL parameters including: reduction in diastolic and systolic blood pressure (p < 0.05), lower total cholesterol, LDL and total cholesterol/HDL ratio (p < 0.05), lower creatinine, cortisol and MHPG levels (p < 0.05), lower body mass index (p = 0.05) and lower noradrenaline levels (p = 0.06). AL index negatively correlated with reverse DST score (working memory), before (r =-0.41; p = 0.001) and after treatment (r =-0.38; p = 0.013). No significant impairments in cognition were observed during treatment and some of the cognitive parameters improved with retest after treatment (p < 0.05). Conclusions: In this study AL was reduced after treatment, especially in lipid, cardiovascular and neuroendocrine parameters related to chronic stress and negatively correlated with working memory scores in a moderate manner. The medication scheme did not trend to be negative in the cognitive performance determined in this observational study. ER  - 
Evenamide, a voltage-gated sodium channel blocker in the treatment of schizophrenia: Results from a placebo-controlled study$$$ Introduction: Blocking dopaminergic and serotoninergic trans mission has failed to provide antipsychotics that render satisfactory long-term treatment to patients with psychosis, especially for negative symptoms and cognitive dysfunction [1], [2], [3]. Evenamide, a voltage-gated sodium channel blocker, is a putative antipsychotic that inhibits glutamate release, and has shown benefits in animal models of psychosis, mood disorders, aggression, negative symptoms, and cognitive dysfunction [4]. It does not show activity on >130 neurotransmitters, enzymes, or transporters targeted by most antipsychotics, even at high concentrations. Positive results have been demonstrated in animals as monotherapy or as add-on to marketed antipsychotics, even using ineffective doses of both drugs. Aim: The primary aim was to explore safety and tolerability of evenamide 15-25 mg BID in patients who showed signs of worsening, despite an adequate trial of risperidone or aripiprazole. Secondary objectives included assessing efficacy using the PANSS positive subscale, PANSS total score, Clinical Global Impression of Change (CGI-C), and functioning, measured by the Level of Functioning Scale (LOF) [5]. Design: Doses were based on physiologically-based pharma-cokinetic (PBPK) modelling of concentrations found effective preclinically as add-on to antipsychotics. A single dose study in healthy volunteers indicated evenamide doses of 15 mg and higher would be associated with levels of > 30 ng/ml, i.e. concentrations predicted to be effective in the modelling. In this phase II, four-week study, doses of 15-25 mg BID were administered to patients with schizophrenia experiencing worsen-ing psychotic symptoms, who had a CGI of 3, 4 or 5, and PANSS score <80; patients with no more than one core positive symptom (hallucinations, delusions, excitement, suspiciousness/persecution and hostility) rated moderately severe or higher, or more than 2 rated moderate. Patients were enrolled from 2 US and 3 Indian centres, to receive evenamide or placebo initially in a 3:1 ratio, later amended to 1:1, for a total of 89 patients. Results: 89 patients with schizophrenia with mean baseline PANSS total score of 62.9 ± 7.4, and mean CGI-S score of 3.5 ± 0.5, experiencing break-through psychotic symptoms while on stable and adequate doses of risperidone (mean dose: 4.2 ± 2.0 mg/day; n = 70) or aripiprazole (mean dose: 19.7 ± 7.0 mg/day; n = 19) were randomized. Analyses demonstrated the addition of evenamide to risperidone oraripiprazole was associated with larger benefits on all efficacy measures at all time-points evaluated including the PANSS Positive Symptoms sub-scale, PANSS total, and PANSS positive and CGI-C responder rates. The study treatments were very well tolerated; 2 patients on evenamide discontinued treatment due to AEs, (atrial fibrillation and seizure). The most common AEs were somnolence, insomnia and headache, with no increases in treatment-related abnormalities in ECG, laboratory values, prolactin values, vital signs, or extra-pyramidal symptoms, between treatment groups. Discussion: Evenamide, a glutamate modulator, demonstrated evidence of antipsychotic efficacy as an add-on to risperidone or aripiprazole, while devoid of any activity on dopaminergic and serotoninergic pathways. Benefits of Evenamide were greater in younger patients. Additional, larger, longer studies are planned to conclusively demonstrate its efficacy in patients with schizophrenia. ER  - 
Multiple sclerosis in Chile: Demographics, clinical phenotypes and comorbidities$$$ Background: Large MS cohorts in Western Europe and North America have characterized its phenotypes and comorbidities. Awareness has emerged with potential prevention and treatment of comorbidity to improve MS outcomes besides proper disease modifying treatment prescription. Unfortunately, differences and similarities in other continents have been poorly studied. Objective: To describe the demographics, clinical phenotypes and comorbidities of MS patients under clinical care within the Programa de Esclerosis Multiple UC in Chile. Methods: For demographics and clinical phenotypes, a prospective clinical data base collected from January 2008 to April 2017 was reviewed. A randomly selected sub-cohort of patients was retrospectively assessed for relevant comorbidities according to diagnosis from electronic medical files. Results: A total of 615 patients were included, mean age 41 ± 12.5 years, 71% female, mean disease duration 11 ± 7.7 years, median EDSS 1.0 (range 0-10). Phenotypes were classified as RIS (1%), CIS (5%), RR (76%), SP (12%) and PP (6%). DMT was prescribed in 72%. Comorbidity was assessed in 374 patients. No statistically significant differences were observed between included and excluded patients. More frequent comorbidities were affective disorder 44% (depression 30%, bipolar 5%, anxiety 7%, others 2%); current smoking 40%; alcohol consumption 13%; autoimmune thyroiditis 16% (other autoimmune disorders 2%); sleep disorders 12%; glucose intolerance or diabetes mellitus 11%; hypertension 10%; hypercholesterolemia 8%; migraine 9%; epilepsy 4.5%; cancer 3%; bariatric surgery 3%; uveitis 2%; and polycystic ovary syndrome 2%. Comparing different phenotypes, the inflammatory MS group (RIS/CIS/RR) had higher frequency of current smoking (43% vs 26%, p=0.01), and progressive MS patients (SP/PP) had higher frequency of depression (p=0.001) and hypertension (p=0.002). Conclusions: MS clinical phenotypes and comorbidities in our cohort are similar to those described in the literature for the Western Europe or North America. Identification and prevention of potential environmental factors such as smoking in early MS, recognition of depression and cardiovascular risk in progressive MS or bariatric surgery in the whole group, with its relevance in the microbiome are of great impact for the clinical practice. More studies in different continents are still needed to define our differences and similarities. ER  - 
Prevalence of sleep-disordered breathing among patients admitted for prolonged videoeeg monitoring$$$ Introduction: There is emerging evidence that patients with epilepsy have an increased prevalence of sleep-disordered breathing compared to the general population. This potentially contributes to increased sleepiness, poorer seizure control, and cardiovascularrelated morbidity and mortality. Chronic sleep-disordered breathing can also cause deficits to memory and global cognitive function. Despite this, there have been few studies examining sleepdisordered breathing in epilepsy. Methods: A cross-sectional study examining the prevalence of sleep-disordered breathing in patients admitted for prolonged video- EEG monitoring between February 2012 and March 2017 was conducted. Only patients with a diagnosis of epilepsy or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) were enrolled in this study. Patients who had previously received a diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) or who were already on treatment were excluded from this study. Patients underwent routine diagnostic polysomnography and neurocognitive testing, and completed screening instruments of quality of life, perceived sleep quality and daytime somnolence during their monitoring period. Studies were staged and scored in accordance with the current American Academy of Sleep Medicine guidelines. Results: A total of 240 patients who received a diagnosis of epilepsy (n = 168), PNES (n = 53), or both (n = 19) were assessed. The prevalence of sleep-disordered breathing was high in this cohort, with 141 of the 240 patients (58.8%) meeting the diagnostic criteria for mild OSA. Of the 141 patients, 57 (23.8%) had moderate-severe diagnosis of OSA. Patients with PNES had the highest prevalence of moderate-severe sleep disordered breathing (26.9%), followed by those with epilepsy (24.4%) and those with both disorders (10.5%). There were no significant differences in measures of cognition and quality of life across the groups. Discussion: This study reports a high prevalence of OSA in a population with undiagnosed sleep-disordered breathing. Routine polysomnography is an effective diagnostic tool in patients admitted for video-EEG monitoring. Further studies examining treatment and seizure frequency are required. Studies examining the prevalence and severity of OSA and associated hypoxemia, as well as other cardiovascular comorbidities are warranted. ER  - 
Implementing an epilepsy surgery center. Initial experience at a university hospital in Brazil$$$ Epilepsy is a serious neurological condition, often without a full and effective treatment. In some cases, surgery is beneficial, despite being underused. Our aim herein is to describe the implementation of an epilepsy surgery center in a federal university hospital, sharing the initial experience gained, as well as describing the main challenges and first results. Methods: Experience report of an epilepsy surgery center implementation. Retrospective review of 13 drug-resistant patients who underwent surgical treatment. Results: Thirteen patients underwent surgical epilepsy treatment, five patients categorized as the International League Against Epilepsy class 1, two in class 2, three in class 3, zero in class 4, and two in class 5; with a 30.76% complication rate. Conclusion: Despite the challenges, it was possible to implement an epilepsy surgery center with favorable results and acceptable incidence of complications, which were not higher than the incidences found in more experienced centers. ER  - 
Double-blind sham-controlled pilot study of trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS) for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)$$$ Objectives: Trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS), a minimal risk, noninvasive method of neuromodulation, has proven effective in treatment-refractory depression and epilepsy and is associated with increased activation in the anterior cingulate gyrus on positron emission tomography (PET) imaging. A previous open-label investigation suggested potential benefits of TNS in treating ADHD, but was neither controlled nor conducted in blinded fashion. This double-blind, sham-controlled study is the first blinded controlled study of TNS in youth and first to examine the efficacy of TNS as an ADHD treatment. Methods: Children aged 8-12 years, with minimal full scale IQ=85, and diagnosed with ADHD via the Kiddie Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia (KSADS), were randomized to four weeks of nightly treatment with active or sham TNS. In the active TNS group, low-grade electrical stimulation was generated during sleep by a small device worn on the participant's shirt and administered via an electrode patch applied to the forehead each night at bedtime. Active versus sham treatments were identical except that no stimulation was administered in the sham group. Assessments included weekly clinician administered parent ADHD-rating scales (ADHD-RS), Clinical Global Impression (CGI) severity and improvement scales, and parent- and teacher-completed Conners' ratings scales. Cognitive testing and EEG were conducted at selected visits. Results: The sample group of the study included 62 participants. ADHD-RS scores trended towards significant improvement in the active group (time effect: F = 23.37, df = 4/223, p < 0.001; group effect: F = 3.46, df = 1/60, p = 0.07; group x time interaction: F = 2.21, df = 4/223, p = 0.07). At final visit based on ADHD-RS scores, Cohen's D estimate = 0.5, suggesting a medium effect size. CGI-Improvement scores favored active treatment (X2 = 8.50, df= 1, p = 0.004). There were no significant differences in weight, height, pulse, or blood pressure. There were no clinically meaningful adverse events in either condition. Conclusions: Although limited by a small sample size and short-term duration, this study demonstrated potential efficacy of TNS as an ADHD therapy and provides further evidence that TNS is safe and of minimal risk in children. Ongoing analyses will examine potential effects of TNS on cognition, brain activation, and neural circuitry. Future research is needed to assess the durability of treatment response and impact on brain development with sustained use. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy in youth: Physiological, safety, and efficacy considerations$$$ Objectives: The presentation will review the following: 1) literature on indications and efficacy of ECT in youth; 2) physiology and safety of a wellstudied treatment that involves general anesthesia, electric stimulus, and a generalized seizure; and 3) conducting a risk assessment before ECT. Methods: Relevant peer-reviewed publications were reviewed. Results: ECT should be considered in youth with severe, life-threatening affective and psychotic disorders who do not respond to two adequate trials of pharmacological treatments. Likewise, ECT is indicated for catatonia and neuroleptic malignant syndrome. Studies of ECT in youth are limited to retrospective series. Nonetheless, ECT has a robust record of efficacy, particularly in catatonia (80-100% response rate), followed by mood disorders (63-92% response rate), and psychotic illness (48-78%). ECT risk assessment and safety optimization require understanding of the multiple physiological changes that occur during ECT. These involve the stimulation of both the sympathetic and parasympathetic divisions of the autonomic nervous system and the effect of seizure on the neurovascular system. Additionally, effects on the cardiopulmonary function must be considered, because ECT treatment involves low-dose general anesthesia and muscle paralysis, with a consequent decrease in respiratory drive. Short-term side effects are benign; however, retrograde amnesia is a persistent safety concern, partly modifiable through varying ECT parameters. There is no evidence that ECT negatively impacts neuronal development in youth. There are no absolute medical contraindications to ECT. Child psychiatrists may avoid or delay recommending ECT because of a lack of familiarity with the treatment, reluctance to recommend a treatment for which there is an inadequate understanding of mechanism of action, or because of obstacles in the systems of care, such as limited access to ECT providers and insurance issues. Parents and caregivers are faced with these as well as many other challenges. Conclusions: ECT has a strong evidence base as an effective treatment in treatment-resistant affective disorders and catatonia. Because the risks and side effects of ECT are known and modifiable, care should be taken to minimize patient discomfort and undesired outcomes. ER  - 
Providers of displaced Syrian adolescents in the Jordanian refugee camps$$$ Objectives: Youth affected by war often have severe experiences, such as flight from their homecountry, displacement in a refugee camp, separation from their families, and multiple types of trauma that can create adverse mental health issues. Often humanitarian workers and clinicians are overwhelmed by the mental health needs of youth and families in areas of conflict. This presentation will discuss the needs of clinicians working with Syrian adolescent refugees in the camps and present interventions to assist these clinicians. Methods: Mixed qualitative and quantitative methods were used on longitudinal data from the Health of the Nation Outcomes Scales, Client and Family Satisfaction Surveys, Client Functioning Scales, and in-depth structured interviews with case managers in the mental health and protection sectors, as well as psychiatry and medical fields from participants (N = 271) from four clinics in Jordan. Results: The majority of child patients had enuresis (3%), intellectual disability (3%), and epilepsy (2%), clearly showing the difficulty of mental health diagnoses in this context. Qualitative interviews revealed that case managers overwhelmingly felt under-trained in mental health assessment and requested more training. Case managers (83%) felt that documentation was a burden and stress that detracted from direct client care. Staff also reported gratitude for having a meaningful job but feeling “unhappy” because of being overworked, without support, and unappreciated. Conclusions: Those who work with the mental health of displaced Syrian youth face personal and professional difficulties, which can lead to burnout and secondary trauma. Assisting case workers with better mental health assessment and basic therapeutic skills can help the case worker feel more competent, productive, and supported. The majority of workers engage in this work engage in meaningful work, and adequate appreciation can help combat stress, along with assisting in individualized professional development. ER  - 
Serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRI), selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI), breastfeeding, and concerns for infant safety$$$ Objectives: Antidepressants secreted into mothers' breastmilk may have potential side effects in infants. Mental health of mother is crucial for maternal infant bonding, and mothers may need medications. Clinicians may not have the information on potential effects of medications on infants readily available. This abstract describes literature review of SSRIs and serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs). These are commonly used for MDD, postpartum depression, OCD, and anxiety. Methods: A thorough literature search using the PubMed and TOXNET was conducted. From 196 informative articles on various SSRIs and SNRIs published until May 2017, after excluding irrelevant articles, the search was narrowed to 98 articles. Results: It is known that there are very little to no side effects to infants if the relative infant dose (RID) is <10 percent. No side effects were reported in a number of infants (within parentheses) who were administered the following drugs: fluvoxamine (N = 8), paroxetine (N = 119), sertraline (N = 151), duloxetine (N = 2), and desvenlafaxine (N = 11). Medications with reported infant side effects include the following: citalopram (uneasy sleep, n = 1 of 68); escitalopram (necrotizing enterocolitis, n = 1 of 16); fluoxetine (colic, n = 3 of 72; seizure-like episode, n = 1 of 72; mother also on carbamazepine and buspirone; lower weight gain, n = 1 of 72), and venlafaxine (low weight gain or failure to thrive, n = 5 of 35). No side effects were reported in statistically analyzable number, and data suggest that, overall, no SSRI or SNRI has consistent adverse effects in infants. Conclusions: Fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine are considered to be the safest. Some suggest sertraline to be the safest SSRI. Citalopram, escitalopram, and fluoxetine have mixed reviews, and caution is suggested. Limited data are available for duloxetine and desvenlafaxine. The clinical risks versus benefits have to be justified. Clinical caution and monitoring should include the basic infant safety questions. Clinical studies should follow FDA guidance on lactation studies, and those who publish case reports based on the clinical encounters should include detailed history and developmental data, preferably longitudinal, and the longitudinal studies are long due and warranted. ER  - 
Primary central nervous system lymphoma in immunocompetent patients: A regional cancer center experience$$$ Background: Primary central nervous system lymphoma (PCNSL) is a rare form of aggressive extranodal non-Hodgkin's lymphoma which occurs in both immunocompromised and immunocompetent patients. It has an overall poor prognosis in spite of a multimodality treatment approach including chemotherapy and radiotherapy. This study attempts to further delineate the clinicopathological, immunohistochemical, and radiological profile of PCNSL at Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology, Karnataka, India. Materials and Methods: All the pathologically confirmed PCNSL cases between January 2010 and June 2016, at our center, were analyzed retrospectively. The influence of potential prognostic parameters on overall survival (OS) was investigated by log-rank test and Cox regression analysis. Results: Of the 26 PCNSL patients, 17 (65.3%) were males. Median age at diagnosis was 42.5 years. None of the patients had HIV or Epstein-Barr virus positivity and only four patients (15.4%) had B-symptoms. The most common location in the brain was cerebral hemispheres in 15 patients (57%) and 10 patients (38.5%) had multiple intracranial lesions. Histologically, all were diffuse large B-cell lymphomas, except one case of anaplastic large cell lymphoma. Immunohistochemically, 18 patients (69%) had MUM 1 positivity and 20 cases (77%) belonged to nongerminal center subtype. DeAngelis protocol was followed in 24 patients (92%), and among this cohort, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center Class 1 (n = 17) and Class 2 (n = 7) patients had a median OS of 25 months and 11 months, respectively. Conclusion: None of the potential prognostic factors had a statistically significant influence on OS in our patients. High-dose methotrexate combined with radiation is an effective therapeutic approach. However, further prospective studies with a large number of patients are needed to identify more effective primary chemotherapy regimens to further improve the treatment outcome. ER  - 
Limbic encephalitis: Clinical experience of a large serie of patients from Latin America$$$ Background: Limbic encephalitis (EL) is an inflammatory neurological disorder characterized by dysfunction of short-term memory, neuropsychiatric symptoms and epileptic seizures. Each EL subtype has different features and response to treatment. Antibodies against membrane antigens confer a better prognosis than intranuclear antigens, due to a worst response to treatment of the latter. Objective: We report the clinical features, autoantibodies, associated cancer and response to treatment of 103 patients with EL. Patients and Methods / Material and Methods: A retrospective review of patients diagnosed with EL between 2002 and 2015 was performed. Results: Patient's median age was 49 years (range 14-92), (60.2%) females. Cognitive dysfunction, memory disturbances, epilepsy and psychosis were the most common reported symptoms. Abnormal movements were seen exclusively in patients with Anti-NDMA; opsoclonus mioclonus was reported in 15 (14.6%) patients with anti-Hu. Ninety two patients (88.3%) had a tumor, being the most frequent lung cancer (31.1%), teratoma (18.4%) and testicular tumor (10.7%). Antibodies were identified in 93 patients (90.3%), 44 (42.7%) had anti-Hu (29.1%), 30 anti-NMDA (9.7%), 10 anti-Ma2 (9.7%). Teratoma was the predominant tumor in Anti-NMDA, lung cancer in anti-Hu patients and testicular tumor in anti-Ma2. Regarding treatment, 98% received intravenous steroids, 84.5% underwent plasmapheresis and 81.6% received IVIG. Complete response was achieved in 66% of patients with anti-NMDA while 81% of anti-Hu and 70% of anti-MA2 didn't achieved response to treatment. Conclusion: EL can present with a wide spectrum of symptoms but each fenotype has distinctive features and responses to treatment. Limbic encephalitis with antibodies against intranuclear antigens had a worse response to treatment. ER  - 
Paresthesias: A case series study$$$ Background: Paresthesias are abnormal sensations perceived in the absence of specific stimulation. It can be caused by central or peripheral nervous system abnormalities, but also be a result of anxiety or excessive mental stress. Objective: To carry out a study on management and the most frequent causes of paresthesias in our hospital. Patients and Methods/Material and Methods: Retrospective and descriptive study including all patients who consulted our Emergency Department from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 with an inicial diagnosis of paresthesias. Results: We identified 155 cases, of whom 54.8% were women, and 45.2% were men. Average age was 42.5 years. 15% of them had a medical history of neurological disorders (mostly migraine, epilepsy and childhood meningitis) and 11.9% a history of anxiety-depressive syndrome. An urgent CT scan was performed on 37.1% of patients, showing abnormalities in only one case (1.7%). Addicional tests such as MRI or electromyography (among others) were performed on 50.9% of them by our Neurology Department, either on an inpatient (56%) or outpatient basis (44%). 49.1% of patients were discharged from the emergency department without further tests. Conclusion: The most frequent etiology in all patients was peripheral neuropathy. The second most common cause was stroke (on inpatients), migraine with aura (on outpatients) and anxiety disorders (on discharged patients). Other etiologies found on inpatients were myelitis, multiple sclerosis, Guillain-Barré syndrome and tumors. Only 5.2% of patients initially discharged from the emergency department were later admitted to hospital (2 cases of stroke, a case of myelitis and a case of polyneuropathy due to vitamin B12 deficiency). ER  - 
Recurrent meningitis and optic nerve involvement in a patient with synchronous elevation of serum immunoglobulin G4 (IgG4): A case report$$$ Background: The IgG4-related disease is diagnosed by elevated serum level of IgG4 and inflammation of affected organ by tissue biopsy. Some locations, such as leptomeninges and optic nerve, are relatively inaccessible to perform a biopsy, but that could be the first presentation of IgG4-related disease. Objective: Case sharing. Patients and Methods/Material and Methods: A 19-year-old man, with a history of repetitive meningitis, presented with generalized tonic-clonic seizure and mentality change. Two weeks before admission, generalized tonic-clonic seizures, unsteady gait, and non-fluent language developed. During admission, Orofacial dyskinesia, obsessive compulsive behaviors developed and bilateral lower limbs weakness worsened. Brain MRI (Figure 1) revealed contrastenhanced leptomeninges and dural venous sinus. Cerebrospinal fluid showed albuminocytologic dissociation and high IgG index. We began pulse corticosteroid therapy and plasmapheresis after confirming no evidence of infectious meningitis. The clinical symptoms became improving. The autoimmune marker, included limbic encephalitis panel, revealed all negative except the concentration of IgG4 (405 mg/dL), and the CSF IgG4 index was: 0.83. In OPD follow-up, we tried to give him steroid-sparing therapy by azathioprine (Figure 2). Five months later, he noted a retroocular headache and blurred vision. Physical examination showed left Marcus Gunn pupil and decreased visual acuity, and ocular MRI (Figure 3) suggested left optic neuritis. His visual acuity became improving one day after receiving pulse corticosteroid therapy. AQP4 and MOG antibody revealed negative, and the concentration of IgG4 increased to 464mg/dL. Results: Conclusion: The IgG4-related disease could present with leptomeningitis and optic neuritis, and immunotherapy therapeutic trial and close monitoring might be practical in these patients. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Epilepsy surgery perceptions and knowledge in Colombia$$$ Background: Selected patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy benefit from epilepsy surgery, however significant delays remain. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess knowledge and attitudes toward epilepsy surgery among patients with epilepsy and identify barriers that might delay the treatment. Patients and Methods/Material and Methods: A 10-minute questionnaire was administered to adults with focal epilepsy seen at the epilepsy clinics of two Colombian Hospitals. Survey assessed the following: (1) knowledge of surgical options, (2) perceptions about the risks of surgery vs. ongoing seizures, (3) disease disability, (4) treatment goals, and (5) demographic and socioeconomic variables. Results: Between September of 2016 and April of 2017 we recruited one hundred consecutive adult patients with focal epilepsy (51% male). Of 102 eligible patients, 100 completed the questionnaire (response rate:98%). The mean age of patients was 43.6±18.7 years. The average epilepsy duration was 12.71±4.5 years. Five patient had undergone epilepsy surgery before. More than half of patients (52%) were not aware that surgery may be an option. Apprehension about epilepsy surgery was evident, 60% of patients perceived epilepsy surgery to be very or moderately dangerous. A large proportion of patients believe death (42%), stroke (48%), vision loss (55%), personality change (55%), paralysis (62%), difficulties in speaking (70%), and memory loss (62%) were frequent side effects. The majority of patients (61%) consider the surgical procedure as the last option of treatment. Conclusion: Patients have a negative attitude toward epilepsy surgery, reflecting lack of knowledge and uncertainty toward this type of treatment. These perceptions can contribute to delays in surgical care. ER  - 
Effects of valproic acid in neurodevelopmental disorders$$$ Background: Although clinical experience has demonstrated the effects of antiepileptic drugs such as valproic acid (VPA) on mood swings, irritability and sleep disorders, there is not enough evidence available supporting this. Objective: We evaluated the effects of VPA on irritability, compulsiveness and sleep disorders in neurodevelopmental disorders. Patients and Methods/Material and Methods: Subjects comprised adults and children with neurodevelopmental disorders, excluding cases with comorbidity of epilepsy who visited our clinic. We retrospectively studied symptoms such as irritability, compulsiveness and sleep disorders, EEG at sleep onset, drug administration and therapeutic effect of VPA. We evaluated therapeutic effects using the CGI-I, and studied the results of EEG before and after administration of the drug. Consent was obtained from the patient or their family and this study was approved by the institutional review board. Results: The total 84 (male 64, female 20) patients who were administered, and the ages ranged from 5 to 20 years, mean age 9.2 years. The most common neurodevelopmental disorder was the comorbidity of ASD and ADHD (36%), followed by ASD (20%) and ADHD (18%). The most common primary symptom was sleep disorders (40%), followed by irritability (26%) and hyperactivity/ compulsivity (23%). Abnormalities in EEG at sleep onset were observed in 84.5%, and high-voltage sharp waves/slow-waves were observed in the frontal region in many cases. There were 87% whose symptoms during the day improved after starting VPA therapy. Conclusion: We observed improvement in problems such as behavioral issues and sleep disorders as a result of administering VPA to neurodevelopmental disorders. VPA may improve symptoms accompanying neurodevelopmental disorders. ER  - 
Oral cannabis extracts as a promising treatment for the core symptoms of autism spectrum disorder: Preliminary experience in Chilean patients$$$ Background: Preclinical studies and several anecdotal case reports suggest a dysfunctional endocannabinoid system implicated in Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). Objective: To report our preliminary findings in patients with ASD treated with oral cannabis extracts. Patients and Methods/Material and Methods: We retrospectively reviewed all consecutive patients seen between June 2016-March 2017, with ASD diagnosis according to DSM-V, treated with sublingual whole plant cannabis extracts for at least three months. We reviewed demographic/clinical data, neuroimaging/EEG studies, vision/audition/ genetic/metabolic tests, and parental/school/neuropsychological reports. Type of cannabis strain, CBD:THC ratio, daily dose of CBD/THC/CBN, and adverse events were documented. Clinical changes were estimated using Clinical Global Impression of Improvement (CGI-I) and Autism Parenting Stress Index (APSI). Informed consent was obtained. Results: 20 children and one adult patients were selected. Mean age: 9 years, 10 months (range: 26 mo-22 yo), 15 males. Mean follow-up: 7,6 mo (range: 3-12). 66,7% of patients had significant improvement according to CGI-I and APSI. Most cases improved at least one of the core symptoms of ASD, including social communication, language, or repetitive behaviors. Additionally, sensory difficulties, food acceptance, feeding and sleep disorders, and/or seizures were improved in most cases. 71,5% of patients received balanced CBD:THC extracts; 19,0% high-CBD; and 9,5% high-THC extracts. Oral cannabis extracts were well tolerated. Two patients had more agitation and one had more irritability, effects that were solved by changing the strain. Conclusion: In this small series of ASD patients, oral cannabis extracts were dramatically more effective than conventional medicines. Large randomized controlled trials are needed to establish efficacy and safety of medicinal cannabis in ASD. ER  - 
Eosinophilic esophagitis is the leading cause of food bolus impaction requiring endoscopy in Calgary, Canada$$$ Introduction: Eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE), a known cause of dysphagia, is increasingly associated with foreign body/food impaction (FBI), requiring urgent endoscopic removal in children and adults. This study examines the prevalence of EoE in patients requiring FB removal in Calgary and its surrounding areas. Methods: A retrospective review of all emergency (ER) and urgent care FB presentations from November 2015 to September 2016 in a population of approximately 1.2 million people was performed using the regional electronic health database. Patient's age, sex, clinical impression, endoscopy, and pathology was collected in agreement with local research ethics (ARECCI) guidelines. Results: A total of 334 patients presented with symptoms of FBI. 131 patients were excluded: 100 had FB that spontaneously resolved without a GI assessment and 31 had non-GI concerns (e.g. drug overdose, allergic reaction, psychosis, and seizures). The remaining 203 patients underwent gastroscopy (EGD). Their average age was 39 ± 14 years; the majority were male (M: F ratio was 133:70). EoE was identified in 35% of all EGDs; 65% had other esophageal disorders (Figure 1). For the 72 patients in whom EoE was endoscopically evident, 22% were known cases of EoE whereas 78% underwent subsequent confirmation with biopsies. Biopsies were not performed in those with an endoscopically normal esophagus or a Schatzki's ring (Figure 1). A minority of patients (35%) with EoE features had a biopsy at the initial endoscopy (Table 1). Of the EoE cases, 9 patients (4 previously known and 5 new cases) had experienced more than one episode of FBI. The most common management in ER was to prescribe PPIs and repeat an EGD as an outpatient (90%). Those with a prior history of FBI or EoE were more likely to be prescribed budesonide plus PPI. The remaining 10% were scheduled for follow-up only. Conclusion: EoE is the most common cause (35%) of FBI necessitating urgent endoscopic removal in Calgary. As mucosal biopsies were not taken from all patients with FBI, the true incidence of EoE is likely underestimated. Education and better follow-up are needed for the 12.5% (9/72) of patients that frequented ER for >1 episode of FBI. Given the rate of detection in ER, obtaining biopsies at the preliminary EGD for FBI should become a standard of practice for early detection and diagnosis of EoE. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Machine learning models identify mild traumatic brain injury patients with significant depressive symptoms over six months of recovery using a three biomarker blood test$$$ Study Objectives: Head injury brings nearly 5 million patients into emergency departments per year in the US. While many receive a CT scan, only a small percentage show structural evidence of injury. Our purpose was to identify serum biomarkers that objectively classify patients with traumatic brain injury who are at risk for chronic neuropsychiatric sequelae. Methods: The HeadSMART prospective study was conducted at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, enrolling patients with traumatic brain injury at two separate hospitals in Baltimore, MD. A total of 500 brain injured patients aged 18-80 were tested for the presence of serum biomarkers within the first 24 hours after injury (Mean 5.25 hours). Previously demonstrated that panels of three biomarkers can identify patients with TBI using objective blood tests, by applying machine learning algorithms such as random forest. In the current study we conducted a more comprehensive analysis of a larger number of machine learning algorithms using data from five serum biomarkers. Brain-derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF), Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein (GFAP), Neurogranin (NRGN), Neuron Specific Enolase (NSE) and Synuclein Beta (SNCB) were tested in colorimetric or electroluminescence-based sandwich ELISA assays in all subjects. Clinical assessment with Patient Health Questionnaire 9 (PHQ9) was performed at 1 to 6 months postinjury. Moderate to severe depressive symptoms were equivalent to a score of 10 or greater by PHQ9. Models utilized patients without history of seizures, prior TBI, or neurological disease and who presented with severe headache (total n=106). Analysis was performed in R using algorithms from the following categories: generalized linear models, discriminant analysis models, Bayesian models, bagging, boosting and ensemble models. Results: Models of three marker panels were built using 5-fold cross validation, repeated 5 times in each algorithm. The outcome class prediction was compared through ROC analysis, considering only those providing AUCs greater than 0.7. To adjust for any imbalances in age and sex between the groups, the models included age and sex of the patients. At three months post injury, eXtreme Gradient Boosting yielded the best class prediction for mild TBI patients sustaining moderate to severe depressive symptoms using the acute marker panel NRGN, GFAP, and NSE (AUC = 0.76; sens = 0.80, spec = 0.54, number of samples analyzed 67). Panel of markers with BDNF, GFAP, and NSE yielded to the highest AUCs for prediction of depression in patients with PHQ9 less than 10 at 1 or 3 months and 6 months post-injury (AUC = 0.72; sens = 0.81, spec = 0.47, number of samples analyzed 63). Conclusions: These methods allow screening of patients for adverse outcome risk in the ED using ImmunArray's diagnostic testing panels. Objectively identifying patients with mTBI, who are CT negative and with unclear symptoms will allow for risk stratification of patients for chronic depressive symptoms during the recovery period. Such tools will assist medical personnel in recommending therapeutic interventions, such as anti-depressants, that can be used to avoid adverse TBI-related sequelae. Furthermore, the test can provide guidance for clinical trials designed to assess the efficacy of preventive treatments to ameliorate depressive symptoms after TBI. ER  - 
Clinical features and therapeutic options in children with neurofibromatosis 1: A single centre experience$$$ Background Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) is a genet-ic disorder that affects the growth and development of nerve cell tissue, with subsequent development of mul-tiple benign tumours of the nervous system and the skin, as well as the areas of abnormal skin colour and other clin-ical manifestations. Our study aimed to examine the in-cidence of clinical features and diagnostic parameters of NF1, as well as to identify the current therapeutic options. Methods We analysed retrospectively the medical doc-umentation of the patients of the Clinic of Neurology and Psychiatry for Children and Youth in Belgrade, in the peri-od from 2003-2016, fulfilling clinical diagnostic criteria for NF1. In addition to demographic data, the clinical mani-festations were obtained based on diagnostic criteria, ad-ditional clinical manifestations and supplementary diag-nostic tests. In statistical analysis, we used the methods of descriptive statistics, and Mann-Whitney test. In order to identify the current treatment for the NF1, we analysed the recent pharmacological data, as well as the clinical tri-als registered in the ClinicalTrials.gov registry. Results The study group consisted of 65 patients (35 males/30 females) up to 18 years old at the first exam-ination. Multiple café au lait spots (patches of tan or light brown skin) were present in all patients (65, 100%). The frequency of axillary and inguinal freckles and Lisch nodules were 70.8% and 61.5%, respectively, while neu-rofibromas (cutaneous, subcutaneous and plexiform) were present in 66.2% of patients. Glioma optic pathway (GOP) was present in 13.2%, pathological findings of visu-al evoked potentials (VEP) were recorded in one third of patients, epilepsy with 10.8% and pathological electroen-cephalographic (EEG) patterns were described at 27.7% patients. Unidentified bright objects (UBO) on the MRI were described in 50.0% of patients, with no statistical dif-ferences regarding to the age of patients (p=0.635). Char-acteristic bone lesions were diagnosed in 27.7% patients, and positive family history was in 63.1%. Mental disorders and learning disabilities were diagnosed in 26.2% of patients. Furthermore, there was no correlation between the appearance of axillary/inguinal spots and Lisch nodules regarding to the age of patients (p=0.419; p=0.521, respectively); however, there was a statistically significant correlation between GOP and VEP (p=0.003). The current NF1 treatment includes the symptomatic therapy, includ-ing surgery and chemotherapy, while the specific treat-ment is not available yet. A total of 122 clinical trials were identified in the ClinicalTrials.gov registry; however, there are only few, phase 2, interventional studies in children: with mTOR inhibitors (sirolimus and everolimus) and RAS kinase inhibitor (tapifarnib). Conclusion NF1 is a multi-system disease that requires multidisciplinary approach and monitoring. The wide range of clinical features, inability to predict the severity of features/complications and limited therapeutic options make NF1 management a real clinical challenge. Future directions: to find therapeutic strategies or specific mol-ecule(s) to prevent/treat the harmful NF1 complications. ER  - 
The psychiatric and cognitive profiles of children and adolescents with hypothalamic hamartomas$$$ Background Hypothalamic hamartomas are rare brain malformations characterised by a syndrome of seizures, central precocious puberty, behavioural, emotional and cognitive difficulties. Behavioural and emotional symptoms often present the greatest burden of morbidity for patients and families. Due to the rarity of the disease, the heterogeneity of the presentation, and the multifactorial aetiology, prognosis is varied and management strategies are yet to be standardised. Methods The notes of 46 paediatric cases with hypothalamic hamartomas were examined retrospectively. Demographics, behavioural and emotional symptoms, cognitive functioning, epileptic profiles, and pubertal status were recorded. ICD-10 codes for psychiatric disorder were assigned to applicable cases. Results 61% of cases were male. The mean age at diagnosis was 4.2 years (0-14 years). 71.7% of the cases met criteria for ≥1 ICD-10 Axis 1 diagnosis (psychiatric disorder). ADHD, Generalised Anxiety Disorder and ASD were most frequent. 46% experienced characteristic rage attacks. 50% had some degree of intellectual disability, most commonly mild. 63% of cases experienced seizures. 40% had precocious puberty. Conclusion This dataset represents one of the largest in the paediatric hypothalamic hamartoma literature. A significant proportion demonstrate psychiatric disorders and intellectual disability. Aetiology relates to a range of interacting biological and psychosocial factors. The major biological components are direct brain-behaviour effects from disrupted hypothalamic functioning and frequent seizures, alongside influence from antiepileptic medications. Psychosocial factors are those common to all chronic neurological conditions including low self-esteem, disrupted schooling and impact from family/social functioning. Currently, there are limited non-surgical evidence-based treatments for these complex cases. Defining the clinical presentation for a disease is a prerequisite to developing effective treatments. This data contributes to international efforts with this aim in mind. ER  - 
Emergency department visits and risk factors for in-patient care in acute drug intoxication$$$ Introduction: In Switzerland, few reports exist about comprehensive data of acute drug intoxication (ADI) and the abuse of novel psychoactive substances (NPS). Therefore, the aim was to investigate the prevalence of ADI, epidemiology of psychoactive substances and risk factors needing an in-patient care. Methods: In a retrospective analysis, we enrolled consecutively patients presenting with symptoms of an ADI in the emergency department (ED) of a tertiary care hospital between April 2014 and August 2016. Results: We identified 186 of 89,576 ED patients (0.2%) with an ADI. Patients presented in the ED with one or more symptoms: somnolence (50.5%), agitation with aggression (38.7%), confusion (10.8%), psychosis (10.2%), chest pain (9.1%), seizure (3.2%) and cardiac arrhythmia (1.1%). In 65.6%, alcohol was combined with psychoactive substances. Patients consumed most often cocaine (37.6%) and cannabis (31.7%). NPS (2.2%) were rarely consumed. Fifty-eight patients (31.2%) had to be admitted in-house. Patients presenting in the ED with acute psychosis (RR 5.1, 95%-CI 1.7-15.1,p = 0.003), aggression (RR3.2, 95%-CI 1.6-6.6, p = 0.001) or with pre-existing schizophrenia (RR4.9, 95%-CI 1.4-16.7, p = 0.011) had to be admitted most frequently. Conclusion: NPS intoxication is rare in Switzerland. Even though the prevalence of acute drug intoxication is low, almost a third of these ED patients need in-patient care and therefore trigger health care costs. Identifying symptoms such as psychosis, aggres-sion and pre-existing schizophrenia as risk factors for in-patient care may encourage future preventive strategies. ER  - 
Socioeconomic outcome and quality of life in adults after status epilepticus: A multicenter, longitudinal, matched case-control analysis from Germany$$$ Background: There is a lack of data concerning socioeconomic outcome and quality of life (QoL) in patients after status epilepticus (SE) in Germany. Patients and methods: Adult patients treated between 2011 and 2015 due to SE at the university hospitals in Frankfurt, Greifswald, and Marburg were asked to fill out a questionnaire regarding long-term outcome of at least 3 months after discharge. The SE cohort consisted of 25.9% patients with an acute symptomatic, 42% with a remote symptomatic and previous epilepsy, 22.2% with a new-onset remote symptomatic, and 9.9% with other or unknown etiology. A matched case-control analysis was applied for comparison with patients with drug refractory epilepsy and seizure remission, both not previously affected by SE. Results: A total of 81 patients (mean age: 58.7 ± 18.0 years; 58% female) participated. A non-refractory course was present in 59.3%, while 27.2% had a refractory SE (RSE) and 13.6% had a superrefractory SE (SRSE). Before admission, a favorable modified Rankin Scale (mRS) of 0-3 was found in 82.7% (67/81), deteriorating to 38.3% (31/81) (p = 0.003) at discharge. The majority returned home [51.9% (42/81)], 32.1% entered a rehabilitation facility, while 12.3% were transferred to a nursing home and 3.7% to another hospital. The overall mRS at follow-up did not change; 61.8% (45/74) reached an mRS of 0-3. In RSE and SRSE, the proportion with a favorable mRS increased from 45.5% at discharge to 70% at follow-up, while QoL was comparable to a non-refractory SE course. Matched epilepsy controls in seizure remission were treated with a lower mean number of anticonvulsants (1.3 ± 0.7) compared to controls with drug refractory epilepsy (1.9 ± 0.8; p < 0.001) or SE (1.9 ± 1.1; p < 0.001). A major depression was found in 32.8% of patients with SE and in 36.8% of drug refractory epilepsy, but only in 20.3% of patients in seizure remission. QoL was reduced in all categories (QOLIE-31) in SE patients in comparison with patients in seizure remission, but was comparable to patients with drug refractory epilepsy. Discussion: Patients after SE show substantial impairments in their QoL and daily life activities. However, in the long term, patients with RSE and SRSE had a relatively favorable outcome comparable to that of patients with a non-refractory SE course. This underlines the need for efficient therapeutic options in SE. ER  - 
A natural history study of X-linked myotubular myopathy$$$ Objective: To define the natural history of X-linked myotubular myopathy (MTM). Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study that included an online survey (n = 35) and a prospective, 1-year longitudinal investigation using a phone survey (n = 33). Results: We ascertained data from 50 male patients with MTM and performed longitudinal assessments on 33 affected individuals. Consistent with existing knowledge, we found that MTM is a disorder associated with extensive morbidities, including wheelchair (86.7% nonambulant) and ventilator (75% requiring >16 hours of support) dependence. However, unlike previous reports and despite the high burden of disease, mortality was lower than anticipated (approximate rate 10%/y). Seventy-six percent of patients with MTM enrolled (mean age 10 years 11 months) were alive at the end of the study. Nearly all deaths in the study were associated with respiratory failure. In addition, the disease course was more stable than expected, with few adverse events reported during the prospective survey. Few non-muscle-related morbidities were identified, although an unexpectedly high incidence of learning disability (43%) was noted. Conversely, MTM was associated with substantial burdens on patient and caregiver daily living, reflected by missed days of school and lost workdays. Conclusions: MTM is one of the most severe neuromuscular disorders, with affected individuals requiring extensive mechanical interventions for survival. However, among study participants, the disease course was more stable than predicted, with more individuals surviving infancy and early childhood. These data reflect the disease burden of MTM but offer hope in terms of future therapeutic intervention. ER  - 
Closing the gap: Decentralising mental health care to primary care centres in one rural district of Rwanda$$$ Setting: Programmes that integrate mental health care into primary care settings could reduce the global burden of mental disorders by increasing treatment availability in resource-limited settings, including Rwanda. Objective: We describe patient demographics, service use and retention of patients in care at health centres (HC) participating in an innovative primary care integration programme, compared to patients using existing district hospital-based specialised out-patient care. Design: This was a retrospective cohort study using routinely collected data from six health centres and one district hospital from October 2014 to March 2015. Results: Of 709 patients, 607 were cared for at HCs; HCs accounted for 88% of the total visits for mental disorders. Patients with psychosis used HC services more frequently, while patients with affective disorders were seen more frequently at the district hospital. Of the 68% of patients who returned to care within 90 days of their first visit, 76% had a third visit within a further 90 days. There were no significant differences in follow-up rates between clinical settings. Conclusion: This study suggests that a programme of mentorship for primary care nurses can facilitate the decentralisation of out-patient mental health care from specialised district hospital mental health services to HCs in rural Rwanda. ER  - 
Multimorbidity in chronic conditions: Public primary care patients in four greater mekong countries$$$ The aim of this study was to explore the prevalence, pattern, and social determinants of chronic conditions multimorbidity among chronic disease primary care patients in four Greater Mekong countries (Cambodia, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam). In a cross-sectional survey, chronic disease patients accessing primary care were recruited if they had been diagnosed with any of 21 chronic conditions in the past 12 months, and were interviewed with a structured questionnaire on anxiety, depression, alcohol use, tobacco use, dietary behaviour, physical activity, and quality of life. The sample included 6236 public primary care patients (32.8% men and 67.2% women), with a mean age of 53.0 years (SD = 16.8). From 21 chronic conditions, the three most common were hypertension (37.4%), depression (34.4%), and digestive diseases (32.0%). In all, 27.4% had one chronic condition, 28.6% had two, 22.4% had three, and 21.6% had four or more chronic conditions. The percentage with the highest comorbidity was depression (47.3%), hypertension (43.4%), and digestive diseases (34.1%). The highest mean multimorbidity reported was for mental illness (4.44), kidney disease (4.11), and Parkinson’s disease (4.10), and the lowest multimorbidity for epilepsy (2.43) and cancer (2.80). Compared to those who had only one chronic condition, being male, older age, lower education, and lower quality of life were associated with having two and three or more chronic conditions. Multimorbidity is a prevalent problem among chronic condition primary care patients—a finding with implications for health care delivery, management, and research. ER  - 
Epilepsy and adverse quality of life in surgically resected meningioma$$$ Objectives: Meningiomas are common intracranial tumors, and despite surgery or therapy with anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs), many patients suffer from seizures. Epilepsy has a significant impact on quality of life (QoL) in non-tumor populations, but the impact of epilepsy on QoL in patients with meningioma is unknown. Our aim was to evaluate the impact of epilepsy on QoL in patients that have undergone resection of a benign meningioma. Materials and Methods: We recruited meningioma patients without epilepsy (n=109), meningioma patients with epilepsy (n=56), and epilepsy patients without meningioma (n=64). QoL was measured with the Short Form 36 version 2 (SF-36), the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy (FACT-BR), and the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP). Regression analyses identified significant determinants of QoL. Results: Patients with meningioma and epilepsy had poorer QoL scores than meningioma patients without epilepsy in all measures. In FACT-BR, this difference was significant. Multiple regression analyses demonstrated that current AED use had a greater impact on QoL scores than recent seizures. Other variables associated with impaired QoL included depression, unemployment, and meningioma attributed symptoms. Conclusions: Epilepsy has a negative impact on quality of life in patients with benign meningioma. AED use is correlated with impaired QoL and raised LAEP scores, suggesting that AEDs and adverse effects may have led to impaired QoL in our meningioma patients with epilepsy. The severity of epilepsy in our meningioma population was comparatively mild; therefore, a more conservative approach to AED therapy may be indicated in an attempt to minimize adverse effects. ER  - 
EARLY-ESLI study: Long-term experience with eslicarbazepine acetate after first monotherapy failure$$$ Purpose: Evaluate real-life experience with eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) after first monotherapy failure in a large series of patients with focal epilepsy. Method: Multicentre, retrospective, 1-year, observational study in patients older than 18 years, with focal epilepsy, who had failed first antiepileptic drug monotherapy and who received ESL. Data from clinical records were analysed at baseline, 3, 6 and 12 months to assess effectiveness and tolerability. Results: Eslicarbazepine acetate was initiated in 253 patients. The 1-year retention rate was 92.9%, and the final median dose of ESL was 800 mg. At 12 months, 62.3% of patients had been seizure free for 6 months; 37.3% had been seizure free for 1 year. During follow-up, 31.6% of the patients reported ESL-related adverse events (AEs), most commonly somnolence (8.7%) and dizziness (5.1%), and 3.6% discontinued due to AEs. Hyponatraemia was observed in seven patients (2.8%). After starting ESL, 137 patients (54.2%) withdrew the prior monotherapy and converted to ESL monotherapy; 75.9% were seizure free, 87.6% were responders, 4.4% worsened, and 23.4% reported ESL-related AEs. Conclusion: Use of ESL after first monotherapy failure was associated with an optimal seizure control and tolerability profile. Over half of patients were converted to ESL monotherapy during follow-up. ER  - 
Transdiagnostic treatment of bipolar disorder and comorbid anxiety using the Unified Protocol for Emotional Disorders: A pilot feasibility and acceptability trial$$$ Background Comorbid anxiety in bipolar disorder (BD) is associated with greater illness severity, reduced treatment response, and greater impairment. Treating anxiety in the context of BD is crucial for improving illness course and outcomes. The current study examined the feasibility, acceptability and preliminary efficacy of the Unified Protocol (UP), a transdiagnostic cognitive behavioral therapy, as an adjunctive treatment to pharmacotherapy for BD and comorbid anxiety disorders. Methods Twenty-nine patients with BD and at least one comorbid anxiety disorder were randomized to pharmacotherapy treatment-as-usual (TAU) or TAU with 18 sessions of the UP (UP+TAU). All patients completed assessments every four weeks to track symptoms, functioning, emotion regulation and temperament. Linear mixed-model regressions were conducted to track symptom changes over time and to examine the relationship between emotion-related variables and treatment response. Results Satisfaction ratings were equivalent for both treatment groups. Patients in the UP+TAU group evidenced significantly greater reductions over time in anxiety and depression symptoms (Cohen's d's>0.80). Baseline levels of neuroticism, perceived affective control, and emotion regulation ability predicted magnitude of symptom change for the UP+TAU group only. Greater change in perceived control of emotions and emotion regulation skills predicted greater change in anxiety related symptoms. Limitations This was a pilot feasibility and acceptability trial; results should be interpreted with caution. Conclusions Treatment with the UP+TAU was rated high in patient satisfaction, and resulted in significantly greater improvement on indices of anxiety and depression relative to TAU. This suggests that the UP may be a feasible treatment approach for BD with comorbid anxiety. ER  - 
Neonatal hypoglycemia: A wide range of electroclinical manifestations and seizure outcomes$$$ Purpose We examined the various types of epilepsy in children with neonatal hypoglycemia in order to define electroclinical and prognostic features of these patients. Method We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of patients with a history of symptomatic neonatal hypoglycaemia who have been followed at Gazi University Hospital Pediatric Neurology Department between 2006 and 2015. Patients with perinatal asphyxia were excluded. Details of each patient's perinatal history, neurological outcome, epilepsy details, seizure outcome and EEG and brain MRI findings were reviewed. Results Fourty five patients (range 6 mo–15 y) with a history of symptomatic neonatal hypoglycaemia were included the study. Epilepsy developed in 36 patients and 23 of them had intractable epilepsy. All patients had occipital brain injury. Conclusion We observed that most of the patients, either manifesting focal or generalized seizures, further develop intractable epilepsy. This finding establishes neonatal hypoglycemia as a possible cause to be considered in any case of intractable epilepsy. ER  - 
Comparison of brand versus generic antiepileptic drug adverse event reporting rates in the U.S. Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS)$$$ Objective Despite the cost saving role of generic anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs), debate exists as to whether generic substitution of branded AEDs may lead to therapeutic failure and increased toxicity. This study compared adverse event (AE) reporting rates for brand vs. authorized generic (AG) vs. generic AEDs. Since AGs are pharmaceutically identical to brand but perceived as generics, the generic vs. AG comparison minimized potential bias against generics. Methods Events reported to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System between January 2004 to March 2015 with lamotrigine, carbamazepine, and oxcarbazepine listed as primary or secondary suspect were classified as brand, generic, or AG based on the manufacturer. Disproportionality analyses using the reporting odds ratio (ROR) assessed the relative rate of reporting of labeled AEs compared to reporting these events with all other drugs. The Breslow-Day statistic compared RORs across brand, AG, and other generics using a Bonferroni-corrected P < 0.01. Results A total of 27,150 events with lamotrigine, 13,950 events with carbamazepine, and 5077 events with oxcarbazepine were reported, with generics accounting for 27%, 41%, and 32% of reports, respectively. Although RORs for the majority of known AEs were different between brand and generics for all three drugs of interest (Breslow-Day P < 0.001), RORs generally were similar for AG and generic comparisons. Generic lamotrigine and carbamazepine were more commonly involved in reports of suicide or suicidal ideation compared with the respective AGs based on a multiple comparison-adjusted P < 0.01. Significance Similar AED reporting rates were observed for the AG and generic comparisons for most outcomes and drugs, suggesting that brands and generics have similar reporting rates after accounting for generic perception biases. Disproportional suicide reporting was observed for generics compared with AGs and brand, although this finding needs further study. ER  - 
Age at first febrile seizure correlates with perinatal maternal emotional symptoms$$$ Objective Prenatal exposure to stress and fever are factors lowering seizure threshold in animal models. The fever effect on seizure threshold is well documented in human infants, however the associations between maternal perinatal stress and infants’ susceptibility to seizures is unknown. This is the first study in humans to investigate longitudinally, whether in humans, the effect of maternal perinatal emotional symptoms such as stress, anxiety and depression that may trigger a biological stress response on age at first seizure occurrence. Method The study sample is a subgroup drawn from a longitudinal follow up cohort (3D cohort study: Design, Develop, Discover, N = 2366 mother-infant dyads). Twenty-nine otherwise healthy infants who had a febrile seizure (FS) episode before the last follow-up visit (around 24 months of age) were studied. Mothers completed questionnaires regarding their emotional health at each pregnancy trimester and at three months postpartum. The link between maternal emotional symptoms and infant age at first FS was assessed through correlations and multiple regressions. Results We found that maternal anxiety symptoms during the second trimester of pregnancy are linked to the age at first FS (r(23) = −0.459, p = 0.021) and explain 21.1% of its variance. Postnatal maternal depression symptoms at 3 months postpartum were also associated with the age at first FS (r(23) = −0.587, p = 0.002) and explained an additional 17.6% of variance. Together, the variables explained 38.7% of the variance in age at first FS. Maternal perceived stress symptoms at 3 months postpartum were also linked to the age at first FS (r(23) = −0.418, p = 0.038), however, stress did not significantly contribute to the variance of age at first FS. Significance Our results suggest a link between increased perinatal maternal emotional symptoms and the age at first FS. An earlier age at first FS may be the manifestation of a lower seizure threshold. Early first seizure occurrence is a risk factor for compromised neurological and cognitive development. Further studies should address the mechanisms by which perinatal maternal emotional symptoms may have an impact on seizure threshold in humans. ER  - 
Epidemiology of major depressive disorder disability in the US military: FY 2007-2012$$$ This study assesses the incidence of major depressive disorder (MDD) disability discharge and retirement in the Army, Navy, Marine Corps and Air Force and describes MDD comorbidity. Service members with a disability discharge for either MDD (n = 2,882) or any nonpsychiatric disability (n = 56,145), between fiscal years 2007 and 2012, were included in the study population. Those with MDD disability at first evaluation but not at last evaluation were excluded. The incidence of MDD disability discharge increased significantly in the Army and Air Force between fiscal years 2007 and 2012. MDD disability retirement significantly increased in the Army, Navy, and Air Force. Females, and those who experienced at least one deployment, had higher incidence rates of MDD disability discharge. All services included spinal diseases and posttraumatic stress disorder in their top five comorbid categories. Given the association between trauma and MDD, further research into the role of both combat exposure and injury on MDD is merited. ER  - 
The effects of temperament and character traits on perceived social support and quality of life in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objectives This study aimed to investigate the effect of temperament and character traits on perceived social support and quality of life in patients with epilepsy (PWE). Methods Fifty-two PWE and 54 healthy controls were included in this study. Demographics and clinical data were recorded. Temperament and Character traits were investigated using Temperament and Character Inventory (TCI), Perceived Social Support was evaluated by Multidimensional Scale of Perceived Social Support Scale (MSPSS), and quality of life was assessed using a 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey (SF-36). Participants also completed the Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS). Results TCI and MSPSS scores showed no significant difference between the groups (p > 0.05). Mental and physical subscales of SF-36 were significantly lower in PWE than the controls (p = 0.012, p = 0.020, respectively). Multiple linear regression analysis indicated that Reward Dependence and Cooperativeness were independent predictors for perceived social support, and Persistence score was an independent predictor for the physical subscale of SF-36 even after adjustment for confounding background variables (p < 0.05, for all). Conclusion Temperament and character traits may affect perceived social support and quality of life in PWE. Thus, an evaluation of temperament and character traits may play a significant role in preventing negative effects on perceived social support and quality of life in PWE. ER  - 
Psychiatric adult-onset of urea cycle disorders: A case-series$$$ Adult onset urea cycle disorders (UCD) may present with psychiatric symptoms, occasionally as the initial presentation. We aimed to describe the characteristics of patients presenting with a psychiatric adult-onset of UCDs, to discuss which signs could suggest this diagnosis in such a situation, and to determine which tests should be conducted. A survey of psychiatric symptoms occurring in teenagers or adults with UCD was conducted in 2010 among clinicians involved in the French society for the study of inborn errors of metabolism (SFEIM). Fourteen patients from 14 to 57 years old were reported. Agitation was reported in 10 cases, perseveration in 5, delirium in 4, and disinhibition in 3 cases. Three patients had pre-existing psychiatric symptoms. All patients had neurological symptoms associated with psychiatric symptoms, such as ataxia or dysmetria, psychomotor slowing, seizures, or hallucinations. Fluctuations of consciousness and coma were reported in 9 cases. Digestive symptoms were reported in 7 cases. 9 patients had a personal history suggestive of UCD. The differential diagnoses most frequently considered were exogenous intoxication, non-convulsive status epilepticus, and meningoencephalitis. Hyperammonemia (180–600 μmol/L) was found in all patients. The outcome was severe: mechanical ventilation was required in 10 patients, 5 patients died, and only 4 patients survived without sequelae. Adult onset UCDs can present with predominant psychiatric symptoms, associated with neurological involvement. These patients, as well as patients presenting with a suspicion of intoxication, must have UCD considered and ammonia measured without delay. ER  - 
Subjective sleep disturbance in Chinese adults with epilepsy: Associations with affective symptoms$$$ Background As well as being a very common neurological disease worldwide, epilepsy significantly impairs patients’ emotional, behavioral, and cognitive functioning. Sleep disturbances are the most frequent complaint in patients with epilepsy. The present study assesses the impact of a range of affective symptoms on subjective sleep quality and sleep disturbances in Chinese adults with epilepsy. Methods Adults with epilepsy who visited our epilepsy clinic from July 2015 to March 2016 were enrolled in our study. Both patients and healthy controls completed the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), and Mini-mental State Examination (MMSE). Subjective sleep quality and sleep disturbances were examined with regard to self-reported symptoms of depression and anxiety, seizure-related factors, and demographic factors. Results The PSQI scores and ISI scores of patients were significantly higher (indicating lower quality sleep and more serious insomnia) than those of the control group. Symptoms associated with depression and anxiety were independently related to impaired subjective sleep quality and insomnia. Affective symptoms explained more of the variance in PSQI scores and ISI scores than did seizure-related or demographic variables. In addition, these variables also seemed to be less powerful contributing factors to subjective sleep quality and insomnia than affective symptoms, several seizure-related factors, such as seizure control, partial seizures and duration of epilepsy, which are also significantly associated with subjective sleep quality and insomnia. In addition, use of lamotrigine (LTG) was also associated with insomnia and use of clonazepam (CZP) and phenobarbital (PB) with daytime sleepiness in patients with epilepsy. Conclusion Chinese adults with epilepsy have poorer self-reported subjective sleep quality and a higher prevalence of insomnia than the control group. Depressive- and anxiety-related symptoms independently exert an adverse effect on the subjective sleep quality and insomnia of patients. In addition, seizure control, partial seizures, and the duration of epilepsy affect the quality of sleep and insomnia in patients, but seem less powerful predictors of sleep quality and insomnia than affective symptoms. Early identification and treatment of affective symptoms is of great importance in improving the sleep quality and insomnia of patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Anion gap can differentiate between psychogenic and epileptic seizures in the emergency setting$$$ Differentiation between psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and generalized convulsive epileptic seizures (ES) is important for appropriate triaging in the emergency department (ED). This can be difficult in the ED, as the event is often not witnessed by a medical professional. In the current study, we investigated whether anion gap (AG), bicarbonate, and the Denver Seizure Score (DSS) could differentiate between PNES and ES. Of a total of 1,354 subjects reviewed from a tertiary care medical center, 27 PNES and 27 ES patients were identified based on clinical description and subsequent electroencephalogram. Multivariate logistic regression analysis and receiver operating characteristic curves were used to determine whether there was an association between seizure type and AG, bicarbonate, or DSS (24-bicarbonate + 2 × [AG-12]) when samples were drawn within 24 h of the concerning event. The result showed that sensitivity and negative predictive value dropped markedly for all measures if samples were drawn >2 h after the event; the sensitivity was similar for AG and DSS and higher than for bicarbonate. We propose that AG > 10 (sensitivity of 81.8%, specificity of 100%) in the first 2 h after the event could be used as a potential tool in the ED to help differentiate between PNES and ES. ER  - 
Postdiagnosis neurological care for patients with psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES)$$$ Objective This study investigated continuity of neurological care for patients discharged from the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) with a diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES). Because PNES are seizure-like episodes that cannot be explained by abnormal electrical brain activity, they are challenging for patients to understand and accept. Consequently, after diagnosis, patients commonly fail to start recommended psychotherapy and instead pursue redundant medical care. As consistent relationships with healthcare providers may help, we instituted standard follow-up for patients diagnosed with PNES. Methods We performed a retrospective observational cohort study of adults diagnosed with PNES in our EMU. In November 2013, we began routine scheduling of postdischarge follow-up neurology appointments. We compared preintervention (November 2010–October 2013) and postintervention (November 2013–May 2016) cohorts with regard to clinic attendance, understanding the diagnosis, compliance with recommendations, and event frequency. Results We identified 55 patients in the preintervention cohort and 123 patients in the postintervention cohort. We successfully implemented the intended practice changes; more patients had follow-up scheduled by discharge (preintervention 2% vs. postintervention 36%, p < 0.001), time to follow-up decreased (46 days vs. 29, p = 0.001), and providers more consistently queried understanding of diagnosis (38% vs. 67%, p = 0.03). Explicit planning for continued care did not produce the anticipated patient–provider relationships, as follow-up in clinic was low (38% vs. 37%). For patients who attended clinic, the intervention did not improve establishment of psychiatric care, compliance with medication recommendations, understanding of diagnosis, or event frequency. The odds of reduced event frequency were nonsignificantly increased with understanding the diagnosis (OR 3.75, p = 0.14). Recommending antiepileptic drug (AED) discontinuation was associated with increased odds of event freedom (OR 6.91, p < 0.01). Significance Scheduling follow-up for patients diagnosed with PNES did not facilitate ongoing patient–provider relationships due to poor clinic attendance. As follow-up is unreliable, the inpatient visit is a critical window of opportunity for intervention. ER  - 
Longitudinal clinical and neuro-radiological findings in a patient with leukoencephalopathy with brain calcifications and cysts (Labrune syndrome)$$$ Since she was 4 years old, the patient had exhibited frequent convulsive seizures, and she experienced severe headaches and depression in adulthood. At the age of 37 years, cerebral calcifications were detected, but she exhibited no cognitive or motor problems. She suffered a cerebral haemorrhage at 49 years old and experienced cognitive dysfunction, dysarthria, dysphagia, and left-hemiparesis as sequelae. After undergoing gastrostomy, she exhibited very slow cognitive deterioration associated with speech disturbance over more than 10 years. She also gradually developed limb spasticity with Babinski signs. Repeated computerised tomography scans revealed unexpected changes including 2 cysts that appeared separately after small haemorrhages, an intracerebral haemorrhage, and intra-cyst bleeding. These longitudinal scans also showed progressive ventricular dilatation and expansion of the leukoencephalopathy, but there were no apparent changes in the intracranial calcifications. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed numerous microbleeds, and magnetic resonance angiography revealed irregularity of the cerebral artery walls with stoppage. Her SNORD118 gene exhibited compound heteromutation of c.38C > G and c.116G > C on different alleles. She was finally diagnosed with leukoencephalopathy with brain calcifications and cysts (Labrune syndrome) at the age of 61 years. Past reports have suggested that diffuse cerebral microangiopathy underlies Labrune syndrome's pathogenesis, but we speculate that cerebral macroangiopathy may also underlie it. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and prognosis of pediatric cryptococcosis in Beijing Children’s Hospital, 2002–2014$$$ Cryptococcosis is a rare pediatric disease. The aim of the study is to describe clinical characteristics and prognosis of pediatric cryptococcosis from 2002 to 2014 in Beijing Children’s Hospital. A total of 53 cases of cryptococcosis were identified, 69.8% of which were males. The mean age was 7 years. Forty-one (77.4%) patients had no underlying conditions. Fever, headache, and vomiting were the most common symptoms. The most common sites were the central nervous system (CNS), followed by the lungs. Most patients received a combination of amphotericin B and fluconazole with or without flucytosine as their initial regimen. Twenty-seven patients received a follow-up and six patients (22.2%) had died. The factors associated with neurological complications or death were headache (P = 0.008), seizures (P = 0.006), visual impairment (P = 0.011), neck stiffness (P = 0.008), low erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) (P = 0.024), and a cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) cryptococcal antigen titer ≥ 1:1024 (P = 0.038). Conclusions: The majority of cryptococcosis cases in China occurred in children without underlying conditions, causing multiple organ damage. The CNS was the most common site. Patients who had headaches, seizures, or high CSF antigen titers experienced neurological complications or died.What is known:• Cryptococcosis is a rare cause of infection in children.What is new:• This review gives a brief overview over pediatric cryptococcosis in China. ER  - 
Phase 1 Study of Ipilimumab Combined With Whole Brain Radiation Therapy or Radiosurgery for Melanoma Patients With Brain Metastases$$$ Purpose We performed a phase 1 study to determine the maximum tolerable dose and safety of ipilimumab with stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) or whole brain radiation therapy (WBRT) in patients with brain metastases from melanoma. Methods and Materials Based on the intracranial disease burden, patients underwent WBRT (arm A) or SRS (arm B). The ipilimumab starting dose was 3 mg/kg every 3 weeks, starting on day 3 of WBRT or 2 days after SRS. The ipilimumab dose was escalated to 10 mg/kg using a 2-stage, 3+3 design. The primary endpoint was to determine the maximum tolerable dose of ipilimumab combined with radiation therapy. The secondary endpoints were overall survival, intracranial and extracranial control, progression-free survival, and toxicity. The ClinicalTrials.gov registration number is NCT01703507. Results The characteristics of the 16 patients enrolled between 2011 and 2014 were mean age, 60 years; median number of brain metastases, 2 (range 1->10); and number with EC disease, 13 (81%). Treatment included WBRT (n=5), SRS (n=11), and ipilimumab 3 mg/kg (n=7) or 10 mg/kg (n=9). The median follow-up was 8 months (arm A) and 10.5 months (arm B). A total of 21 grade 1 to 2 neurotoxic effects occurred, with no dose-limiting toxicities. One patient experienced grade 3 neurotoxicity before ipilimumab administration. Ten additional grade 3 toxicities were reported, with gastrointestinal toxicities (n=5; 31%) the most common. No patient developed grade 4 or 5 toxicity. The median progression-free survival and overall survival in arm A was 2.5 months and 8 months and in arm B was 2.1 months and not reached, respectively. Conclusions Concurrent ipilimumab 10 mg/kg with SRS is safe. The WBRT arm was closed early because of slow accrual but demonstrated safety with ipilimumab 3 mg/kg. No patient experienced dose-limiting toxicity. Larger studies, including those with combination checkpoint inhibitor therapy and SRS, are warranted. ER  - 
Neurotoxic concentration of piperacillin during continuous infusion in critically ill patients$$$ This retrospective cohort study included 53 patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU), with an average age of 69 years, without neurologic disorder before initiation of a continuous piperacillin infusion at the standard dose and who underwent piperacillin serum concentration monitoring. Among them, 23 developed a neurologic disorder for which the piperacillin causality was chronologically and semiologically suggestive. A concentration threshold of 157.2 mg/liter independently predicted neurotoxicity with 96.7% specificity and 52.2% sensitivity and may constitute a limitation when targeting less susceptible pathogens. ER  - 
Neurofeedback, sham neurofeedback, and cognitive-behavioural group therapy in adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: a triple-blind, randomised, controlled trial$$$ Background Many studies suggest that electroencephalographic (EEG) neurofeedback might be beneficial in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, numbers of well controlled studies are low and neurofeedback techniques are regarded as highly controversial. The present trial examined the efficacy (compared with sham neurofeedback) and efficiency (compared with meta-cognitive therapy) of a standard EEG neurofeedback protocol in adults with ADHD. Methods We did a concurrent, triple-blind, randomised, controlled trial using authorised deception in adults with ADHD from one centre (University of Tübingen) in Tübingen, Germany. Participants were eligible if they fulfilled the DSM-IV-TR criteria for ADHD, were aged between 18 years and 60 years, and had no or stable use of medication for at least 2 months with no intention to change. We excluded participants who had comorbid schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder, bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder, epilepsy, or traumatic brain injury; substance abuse or dependence; or current or planned other psychological treatment. Those eligible were randomly assigned to three groups: a neurofeedback group which received 30 verum θ-to-β neurofeedback sessions over 15 weeks, a sham neurofeedback group which received 15 sham followed by 15 verum θ-to-β neurofeedback sessions over 15 weeks, or a meta-cognitive group therapy group which received 12 sessions over 12 weeks. Participants were assigned equally to one of the three interventions through a computerised minimisation randomisation procedure stratified by sex, age, and baseline symptom severity of ADHD. Participants were masked as to whether they were receiving neurofeedback or sham neurofeedback, but those receiving meta-cognitive therapy were aware of their treatment. Clinical assessors (ie, those assessing outcomes) and research staff who did the neurofeedback training were masked to participants' randomisation status only for neurofeedback and sham neurofeedback. The primary outcome was symptom score on the Conners' adult ADHD rating scale, assessed before treatment, at midtreatment (after 8 weeks), after treatment (after 16 weeks), and 6 months later. All individuals with at least one observation after randomisation were included in the analyses. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01883765. Findings Between Feb 1, 2013, and Dec 1, 2015, 761 people were assessed for eligibility. 656 (86%) were excluded and 118 (15%) were eligible for participation in this study. Eligible participants were randomly assigned to neurofeedback (38 [32%]), sham neurofeedback (39 [33%]), or meta-cognitive therapy (41 [35%]). 37 (97%) individuals for neurofeedback, 38 (97%) for sham neurofeedback, and 38 (93%) for meta-cognitive therapy were included in analyses. Self-reported ADHD symptoms decreased substantially for all treatment groups (B=–2·58 [95% CI −3·48 to −1·68]; p<0·0001) between pretreatment and the end of 6 month follow-up, independent of treatment condition (neurofeedback vs sham neurofeedback B=–0·89 [95% CI −2·14 to 0·37], p=0·168; neurofeedback vs meta-cognitive therapy −0·30 [–1·55 to 0·95], p=0·639). No treatment-related or trial-related serious adverse events were reported. Interpretation Our findings suggest that neurofeedback training is not superior to a sham condition or group psychotherapy. All three treatments were equivalently effective in reducing ADHD symptoms. This first randomised, sham-controlled trial did not show any specific effects of neurofeedback on ADHD symptoms in adults. Funding German Research Foundation. ER  - 
Impaired awareness of hypoglycaemia and severe hypoglycaemia impact on executive functions, hypoglycaemic symptoms, quality of life and distress in type 1 diabetes adults$$$ Background and aims: Impaired awareness of hypoglycaemia (IAH) increases risk of severe hypoglycaemia (SH) 6-fold in adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D). We hypothesised that IAH and SH may be associated with executive dysfunction, increased distress, and reduced quality of life (QoL). Materials and methods: We recruited 85 adults with T1D. Hypoglycaemia awareness status was determined using the 1-item Gold Score (GS) and the 8-item Clarke score (CS), with ≥4 = IAH for each. SH was evaluated over two different time frames (6 and 12 months) by 2 questions (3 and 4, respectively) in the CS. Participants also completed the Edinburgh Hypoglycaemia Scale (assessing autonomic, neuroglycopenic, and nonspecific hypoglycaemic symptoms); the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA, global cognition: visuospatial abilities, executive functions, language, delayed recall, and orientation); the INECO Frontal Screening (IFS, executive functions: inhibition and set shifting, abstraction, and working memory); the Diabetes Health Profile (DHP, QoL: barriers to activity [BA], psychological distress [PD], and disinhibited eating [DE]); and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). Mann-Whitney U test was used to compare mean ranks of groups: those with intact awareness of hypoglycaemia (AH) vs IAH; SH vs noSH; SH&AH vs noSH&AH. Results: Participants' mean±SD age and diabetes duration were 38.4±12.5 and 19.1±11.7 years, respectively; 54.1% were male; 31.8% had IAH by GS and 16.5% by CS. 86% of IAH patients by CS vs only 41% with IAH by GS had had SH in the past 6 months (CS question 3), with 50% vs 19% reporting seizure, or parenteral therapy for SH in the last 12 months (CS question 4). IAH patients by CS had significantly (p<0.05) lower performance on MoCA executive functions domain, higher neuroglycopenic symptoms when hypoglycaemic, more BA, and depression than AH patients by CS. No differences were found between IAH and AH assessed by GS. Furthermore, patients with SH in the past 6 months had significantly worse performance on MoCA executive functions domain, and higher neuroglycopenic symptoms, BA, psychological distress, anxiety and depression than those with noSH. Patients with SH in the past year had worse performance on MoCA language domain, and higher neuroglycopenic symptoms and higher depression scores than noSH patients (all p<0.05). SH&AH patients had higher BA and depression than those with noSH&AH. Also, SH&AH had worse performance on MoCA executive functions domain (p=.004), and motor series (p=.034), conflicting instructions (p=.009) and Go-No-Go (p=.007) IFS subtests, tending to show poorer performance on IFS total scores (p=.058). Conclusion: Adults with T1D and either IAH or SH show evidence of impaired executive functions, depression, neuroglycopenic symptoms when hypoglycaemic, and higher BA. The evidence for impaired executive functioning (programming, interference sensitivity, inhibitory control), higher depression and BA related to SH, even in people with intact awareness, suggest that SH may be necessary for these dysfunctions. The contribution of IAH on executive dysfunction needs to be further explored. ER  - 
Medication and supplement use in older people with and without intellectual disability: An observational, cross-sectional study$$$ Introduction: Understanding the medication and supplement use of aging people is critical to ensuring that health service providers in primary care can optimise use of these agents. An increasing number of people with different levels of intellectual disability (ID) are living in the community and becoming for the first time substantial users of primary health care services. This, however, brings new challenges that need to be addressed at the primary health care level. We quantified the use of medicines and food supplements and described the associated patterns of morbidity in the two comparable cohorts of aging population with and without intellectual disability. Method: This research aligned participants of 50 years and over who lived in the community from two nationally representative cohorts of older people; those with ID from the Intellectual Disability Supplement (n = 238) and those without ID (n = 8,081) from the Irish Longitudinal Study on Ageing. Results: Data showed that both medication and supplement use in the two groups was prevalent but that those with ID received more of both medications and supplements (e.g. polypharmacy was 39.0% in ID vs. 18.1% in non-ID cohort). Moreover, based on an analysis of the therapeutic groups and medications used that treatment was more intense in the ID cohort (95.8 vs. 7.0 International Non-proprietary Names per 100 participants). Supplement use was almost twice as prevalent in the ID group but substantially less diverse with only 10 types of supplements reported. Morbidity was higher in the ID group and showed a higher prevalence of neurological and mental health disorders. Conclusion: The results highlight that the burden of therapy management and the potential risks in those ageing with ID differs substantially from those ageing without ID. Understanding the medication and supplement use of people aging with intellectual disability (ID) is critical to ensuring that health service providers in primary/ambulatory care can optimise use of these agents. ER  - 
Early-life epilepsies and the emerging role of genetic testing$$$ IMPORTANCE Early-life epilepsies are often a consequence of numerous neurodevelopmental disorders, most of which are proving to have genetic origins. The role of genetic testing in the initial evaluation of these epilepsies is not established. OBJECTIVE To provide a contemporary account of the patterns of use and diagnostic yield of genetic testing for early-life epilepsies. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS In this prospective cohort, children with newly diagnosed epilepsy with an onset at less than 3 years of age were recruited from March 1, 2012, to April 30, 2015, from 17 US pediatric hospitals and followed up for 1 year. Of 795 families approached, 775 agreed to participate. Clinical diagnosis of the etiology of epilepsy were characterized based on information available before genetic testing was performed. Added contributions of cytogenetic and gene sequencing investigations were determined. EXPOSURES Genetic diagnostic testing. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Laboratory-confirmed pathogenic variant. RESULTS Of the 775 patients in the study (367 girls and 408 boys; median age of onset, 7.5 months [interquartile range, 4.2-16.5 months]), 95 (12.3%) had acquired brain injuries. Of the remaining 680 patients, 327 (48.1%) underwent various forms of genetic testing, which identified pathogenic variants in 132 of 327 children (40.4%; 95%CI, 37%-44%): 26 of 59 (44.1%) with karyotyping, 32 of 188 (17.0%) with microarrays, 31 of 114 (27.2%) with epilepsy panels, 11 of 33 (33.3%) with whole exomes, 4 of 20 (20.0%) with mitochondrial panels, and 28 of 94 (29.8%) with other tests. Forty-four variants were identified before initial epilepsy presentation. Apart from dysmorphic syndromes, pathogenic yields were highest for children with tuberous sclerosis complex (9 of 11 [81.8%]), metabolic diseases (11 of 14 [78.6%]), and brain malformations (20 of 61 [32.8%]). A total of 180 of 446 children (40.4%), whose etiology would have remained unknown without genetic testing, underwent some testing. Pathogenic variants were identified in 48 of 180 children (26.7%; 95%CI, 18%-34%). Diagnostic yields were greater than 15%regardless of delay, spasms, and young age. Yields were greater for epilepsy panels (28 of 96 [29.2%]; P < .001) and whole exomes (5 of 18 [27.8%]; P = .02) than for chromosomal microarray (8 of 101 [7.9%]). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Genetic investigations, particularly broad sequencing methods, have high diagnostic yields in newly diagnosed early-life epilepsies regardless of key clinical features. Thorough genetic investigation emphasizing sequencing tests should be incorporated into the initial evaluation of newly presenting early-life epilepsies and not just reserved for those with severe presentations and poor outcomes. ER  - 
Diagnoses, infections and injuries in Northern Syrian children during the civil war: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background: The civil war in Syria including the deliberate targeting of healthcare services resulted in a complex humanitarian emergency, seriously affecting children’s health. The objectives of this study are to document diagnoses and disease categories in Northern Syrian children after four years of conflict, and to document infectious diseases and injuries in this vulnerable population. Methods: In a prospective cross-sectional observational sample study conducted in May 2015, healthcare workers registered demographics, comorbidities, and diagnoses (categorised according to the International Classification of Diseases version 10) in children visited at home and in internally displaced persons camps in four Syrian governorates. Results: Of 1080 filled-out records, 1002 were included. Children originated from Aleppo (41%), Idleb (36%), Hamah (15%) and Lattakia (8%). Median age was 6 years (0–15; IQR 3–11), 61% were boys, 40% were younger than 5 years old. Children suffered from respiratory (29%), neurological (19%), digestive (17%), eye (5%) and skin (5%) diseases. Clinical malnutrition was seen in 4%, accidental injury in 3%, intentional injury in 1%, and mental disorders in 2%. Overall, 64% had features of infectious diseases (OR 0.635; CI 0.605–0.665). Most common comorbidities were chronic respiratory diseases (14, malnutrition (5%), acute flaccid paralysis (5%), and epilepsy (4%). Logistic regression analysis indicated that the risk for children to have communicable diseases was higher in Aleppo than in Idleb (OR 1.7; CI 1.2–2.3), Hamah (OR 4.9; CI 3.3–7.5), or Lattakia (OR 5.5; CI 3.3–9.3). Children in Aleppo and Lattakia were more at risk to be injured than in Idleb (OR 5.6; CI 2.1–14.3), or in Hamah (OR 5.9; CI 1.4–25.6), but more often from intentional violence in Lattakia. Mental problems were more prominent in Hamah. Conclusions: Four years far in the conflict, 64% of the studied children in four Northern Syrian governorates suffer from infections, mostly from respiratory, neurological and digestive origin, while 4% was injured or victim of intentional aggression. Substandard living conditions and the lack of paediatric healthcare put Syrian children at risk for serious infections, epidemics and morbidity, and ask for urgent international humanitarian relief efforts. ER  - 
Comparison of clinical and serological features of juvenile and adult-onset neuropsychiatric lupus in Spanish patients$$$ Introduction: Neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations are a main cause of morbidity and mortality in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythe-matosus (jSLE). Some studies suggest that they are more frequent and severe in jSLE than in adult-onset SLE (aSLE). Objectives: To compare the clinical and serological profile of pediatric and adult patients with neuropsychiatric lupus (NPSLE) treated in a Spanish tertiary center. Methods: A retrospective study of patients with jSLE (age of onset: 0-18y) and aSLE (age of onset: >18y) seen in our center during the period 1988-2016 was performed. Case definitions of the American College of Rheumatology were used to identify NPSLE manifestations. Demographics, clinical and sero-logical data were obtained through a review of their medical records. Results: A total of 69 patients with NPSLE were included, aSLE 41 (59%) and jSLE 28 (41%), the comparison of groups is presented in the table. Most of them were Caucasian (92%), mean age at diagnosis in adults was 36.4 years (range: 19-68) and 13.9 years (range: 8-18) in children. The proportion of males was higher in the latter group. The mean duration of the disease was significantly greater in adults, as well as the time from SLE diagnosis to NP manifestation onset, although without significant difference. Central NP manifestations were the most frequent in both groups (aSLE 93%, jSLE 96%) regarding to the peripheral manifestations (aSLE 12%, jSLE 11%). The most frequent manifestations in aSLE were headache (29%), cerebrovascular disease (27%), seizures (17%) and myelopathy (15%), whereas in jSLE were seizures (46%), headache (29%), mood disorder/depression (25%), psychosis (18%) and autonomic disorders (18%). A significant group of patients presented ≥ 2 central manifestation during their evolution (aSLE 32%, jSLE 41%), with the mean number of manifestations in adults being 1.36 (range: 1-3) and in children 1.44 (range: 1-4). Patients with jSLE developed lupus nephritis with a significantly higher frequency, as well as higher titres of anti-DNA antibodies, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and hypocomplementemia. During the study period there was mortality in 2 cases of aSLE and 2 jSLE (5% and 7%, respectively). Conclusion: Our results corroborate that juvenile patients with NPSLE present higher disease activity compared to adults. There was no significant diference in the time from SLE diagnosis to NP manifestation onset, but tended to be shorter in jSLE. The spectrum of NPSLE was varied both groups and an important proportion of them developed ≥ 2 manifestation. Mortality continues to be important in NPSLE in both age groups. ER  - 
Comorbidity in nursing home residents with cognitive impairment$$$ Introduction: In elderly patients with dementia there is a high level of multiple pathology associated. The objective was to assess whether there are differences in comorbidity among nursing home residents with and without cognitive impairment (CI). Methods: A retrospective cohort study of 277 residents over 65 years. The sociodemographic characteristics, Charlson index and type of CI were collected. We compared the degree of comorbidity between residents with and without CI by applying the chi2 test using bivariate analysis. Results: 75% (204) of the residents had CI. We did not find significant differences regarding age and sex between residents with and without CI. CI residents had a higher degree of comorbidity than those without CI (Charlson 3.1 and 2.3 respectively, p=0.005). The most frequent dementias were: Alzheimer's disease (44.4%), mixed dementia (19.3%) and vascular dementia (13.5%). We found differences between the residents with and without CI in the prevalence of cerebrovascular disease (CVD) (52% and 32.4% respectively, p=0.005), osteoarticular disease (40.2% and 54.4%, p=0.041) and respiratory failure (20.1% and 36.8%, p=0.005). The CVD was more common in the mixed and vascular dementia (p<0.001). We found no significant differences in the prevalence of Parkinson's disease, epilepsy, depression, heart disease, renal failure and diabetes mellitus. Conclusions: Nursing home residents with CI have high comorbid-ity. CVD is more common in residents with mixed and vascular dementia. Osteoarticular disease and respiratory failure are more common in the residents without CI. ER  - 
Low scores on the grooved pegboard test are associated with invalid responding and psychiatric symptoms$$$ A link between noncredible responding and low scores on the Grooved Pegboard Test (GPB) is well documented in the clinical literature. However, no specific validity cutoffs have emerged in previous research. This study was designed to examine the classification accuracy of various demographically adjusted cutoffs on the GPB against established measures of performance validity. Analyses were based on a mixed clinical sample of 190 patients (52.1% female) medically referred for neuropsychological assessment. Mean age of participants was 44.1 years, with a mean education of 13.9 years. Criterion measures were the Recognition Memory Test and 3 composites based on several embedded validity indicators. A T score ≤29 for either hand or ≤31 on both hands were reliable markers of invalid performance (sensitivity ≤ .29 -.63; specificity = .85-.91). Ipsative analyses revealed that these T score-based cutoffs have zero false positive rates. Failing these cutoffs had no consistent relationship with overall cognitive functioning. A moderate relationship between GPB failure and self-reported anxiety and depression emerged on face-valid screening measures. There was also a moderate relationship between GPB failure and Personality Assessment Inventory scales measuring somatic complaints, borderline traits, antisocial features, and substance use. The newly introduced GPB validity cutoffs were effective at separating credible and noncredible performance on neuropsychological testing. The complex relationship between failing the GPB and emotional problems is consistent with the psychogenic interference hypothesis. It may provide insight into the mechanism behind invalid responding and thus warrants further investigation. ER  - 
Comparison of the effects of haloperidol and benzodiazepines used for postictal psychiatric symptoms on seizure recurrence: A pilot study$$$ Aim: Patients with epilepsy may experience a number of psychiatric and cognitive symptoms or behavioral manifestations during the period of a seizure and the postictal period. The aim of this pilot study was to compare the effects medications commonly used in emergency departments for postictal psychiatric symptoms on seizure recurrence. Methods: Data of 32 epileptic patients, who presented to İzmir Katip Çelebi University Atatürk Research and Training Hospital Emergency Department with postictal psychiatric symptoms between January 2013 and December 2014, were retrospectively collected. Demographic and clinical data were obtained from the emergency department charts and neurology and psychiatry consultation records. Data regarding administered drugs were obtained from the hospital data processing system. The chi-square test, Mann-Whitney U test and the Kruskal-Wallis test were used as statistical methods. Bonferroni correction was performed for post-hoc analysis. Results: There were no differences in the seizure recurrence rate between benzodiazepine, haloperidol and without medication groups (p>0.05). Conclusion: Our results suggest that benzodiazepines and haloperidol do not affect the development of recurrent seizures when administered for postictal symptoms. ER  - 
Experience in management of status epilepticus in an intensive care unit (Medical ICU) in a secondary-level university hospital$$$ INTRODUCTION.To analyze our experience in the management of patients admitted to our Unit (medical ICU- tertiary university hospital) with the diagnosis of epileptic seizures and/or epilepsy in a six-year period (2010-2015).METHODS.Descriptive and retrospective study, carried out during a six-year period, of patients admitted to our Unit with the diagnosis of epileptic seizures and/or epilepsy, according to criteria for inclusion in Minimum Basic Data Set (MBDS).The following parameters were recorded: age, gender, source of admission to the ICU, past medical history, reason for admission, classification, diagnostic methods, monitoring, antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and control of status, Patients with epileptic seizures after anoxic enchepalopathy were excluded.Statistical analysis: quantitative variables are expressed as the mean and standard deviation (SD), and qualitative variables as a percentage.The difference between qualitative variables are expressed using chi-square test and quantitative using an ANOVA analysis.RESULTS.We analyzed 51 patients (36 male), mean age:67 ± 18 years old, source of ICU admission: emergency 16 patients, neurology 18, other departments 4 and another hospital 13.Past medical history: epilepsy 17, CTE 7, alcoholism 8, psychiatric pathology 6.Diagnosis: structural pathology 10, epilepsy 16 (de novo 2, recurrence 14), CTE 5, toxic-alcoholism 6, infection 5, limbic encephalitis 4, metabolic 3 and prion disease 2.Diagnostic methods: EEG 100%, bispectral index (BIS) unilateral 72,5% y bilateral 27,5%, head CT scan 100% (with contrast 66,7%, without 33,3%), brain MRI 35%, others 9%.EEG recorded.< 4 : 35%, 4-6: 12% and >6: 12%.EEG pattern: spike-and-wave:59%, polispikes:42%, mixed: 35%, others: 9%.AEDs (second line) used: phenytoin 82%, valproic 64%, levetiracetam 34%, lacosamide 18%, combination (<2 AEDs):48%, and combination (>3 AEDs:) 35%; AEDs (third line): midazolam (MDZ) 82%, propofol (PF) 18%, MDZ + PF 64%, phenobarbital 19%; AEDs (fourth line): corticosteroids 6%, immunoglobulins 9%, plasmapheresis 6%.control of status epilepticus: established (>24hours):16%, refractory(24- 72hours):23%, super refractory (>72hours):12%.CONCLUSIONS.In our series (data collected according to MBDS) 47% of the patients admitted to our Unit with the diagnosis of epileptic seizures and/or epilepsy needed treatment for status, being the most common causes: relapse of known epilepsy and cerebrovascular disease respectively.The most frequent EEG pattern was spike-andwave (59%) with a mean number of EEG recorded of 4-6 in 53% of the cases.In terms of AEDs (second line) used, pheniytoin and valproic were administered in 88 and 69% of the cases compared with AEDs (third line) used MDZ and PF in 84% and 49% of the cases respectively. ER  - 
Complications and mortality in severe trauma inpatient after intensive care unit discharge$$$ OBJECTIVES. Trauma is a major health problem in the world whose complications are associated with increased morbidity, length of stay, and mortality and are also responsible for a increase of the overhead costs. Identification of the epidemiology, clinical parameters, and causes of complications following trauma may provide useful information for improving treatment strategies. The aims of our study were to evaluate the incidence and type of complications after trauma among patients admitted to the ICU. METHODS. We made a retrospective and observational study of polytrauma patients admitted to the ICU from January 2015 to December 2015. Information was collected on the severity of illness. Demographic and clinical data, including age, sex, and mechanism of injury, procedures, hospital length of stay, complications, and inhospital mortality were obtained. RESULTS. This study included 190 patients, 18 years of age or older, presenting with trauma and admitted to ICU. The mean age was 57 + 18 years and 70% were men. On admission the mean value of APACHE II and GCS was 19 and 12 points respectively. Most frequent medical history was alcoholism (35%), smoking (29%) and psychiatric history (29%). 55% came from other hospital, 41% from emergency department and 3% from operating room. Overall falls (53%) were the most frequent cause of trauma, followed by traffic accidents (33%) and autolytic attempts (7%). Autolytic attemps were the most frequent in < 50 years. The most common type of trauma was cranioencephalic (45%) followed by thoracic (36%). The complications developed in the hospitalization ward, from highest to lowest frequency, were: 39.5% cardiovascular (AHT, arrhythmias, pulmonary embolism and coronary artery disease), 30.5% infectious (skin and soft tissue, urinary with/without bacteremia), 25.8% hematological (anemia and coagulopathy), 24% metabolic (hyponatremia), 19.5% abdominal (paralytic ileus and acute cholecystitis) and 14% neurological (acute confusional syndrome and epileptic seizures). Cardiocirculatory diseases (82%) were more frequent in patients older than 50 years and neurological (40%) in patients younger than 50 years. Overall, the acute confusional syndrome was the most frequent complication in the hospital ward (34.2%). Most frequent indications of returned to the ICU were infections and decreased level of consciousness. The average stay in ICU and in the hospital ward was of 9 and 18 days respectively. Hospital ward mortality was 29.2%. CONCLUSIONS. Critical polytrauma patients have been hospitalized for a long time. In general, most frequent complications were cardiocirculatory, followed by infectious, hematological and metabolic, although the most common was acute confusional syndrome. Inpatient mortality is low and usually occurs within the first ten days. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Assessing quantitative EEG spectrograms to identify non-epileptic events$$$ Aims. To evaluate the sensitivity and specificity of quantitative EEG (QEEG) spectrograms in order to distinguish epileptic from non-epileptic events. Methods. Seventeen patients with paroxysmal non-epileptic events, captured during EEG monitoring, were retrospectively assessed using QEEG spectrograms. These patients were compared to a control group of 13 consecutive patients (ages 25-60 years) with epileptic seizures of similar semiology. Assessment of raw EEG was employed as the gold standard against which epileptic and non-epileptic events were validated. QEEG spectrograms, available using Persyst 12 EEG system integration software, were each assessed with respect to their usefulness to distinguish epileptic from non-epileptic seizures. The given spectrogram was interpreted as indicating a seizure if, at the time of the clinically identified event, it showed a visually significant change from baseline. Results. Eighty-two clinically identified paroxysmal events were analysed (46 non-epileptic and 36 epileptic). The “seizure detector trend analysis” spectrogram correctly classified 33/46 (71%) non-epileptic events (no seizure indicated during a clinically identified event) vs. 29/36 (81%) epileptic seizures (seizure indicated during a clinically identified event) (p=0.013). Similarly, “rhythmicity spectrogram”, FFT spectrogram, “asymmetry relative spectrogram”, and integrated-amplitude EEG spectrogram detected 28/46 (61%), 30/46 (65%), 22/46 (48%) and 27/46 (59%) non-epileptic events vs. 27/36 (75%), 25/36 (69%), 25/36 (69%) and 27/36 (75%) epileptic events, respectively. Conclusions. High sensitivities and specificities for QEEG seizure detection analyses suggest that QEEG may have a role at the bedside to facilitate early differentiation between epileptic seizures and non-epileptic events in order to avoid unnecessary administration of antiepileptic drugs and possible iatrogenic consequences. ER  - 
Association between clinical phenotypes and neurodevelopmental outcomes in pediatric patients with neurofibromatosis type 1 at Siriraj hospital$$$ Background: Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) is characterized by multiple café-au-lait spots, skinfold freckling, cutaneous neurofibromas, and Lisch nodules. Additional signs and symptoms of NF1 include macrocephaly, skeletal abnormalities, hypertension, and learning disabilities. This study has objective to analyze the association between clinical phenotypes and neurodevelopmental outcomes in pediatric patients diagnosed with NF1 from 2005-2015 at Siriraj Hospital. The neurodevelopmental outcomes included intellectual disability (ID), developmental delay, epilepsy, attention deficit hyperactive disorder (ADHD), and learning disabilities (LD). Methods: A retrospective chart review of all children clinically diagnosed with NF1 who were seen at Siriraj Hospital from 2005-2015 was performed. All children were 7-18 years old and underwent neurodevelopmental assessment by pediatricians or pediatric psychiatrists. Results: Out of 256 patients with NF1, 70 (30%) patients were included in this study, including 38 males and 32 females. There were 6 (8.6%) patients with ID, 14 (20%) with ADHD, 14 (20%) with LD, and 4 (5.7%) with epilepsy. The associations were analyzed and found that patients with Lisch nodules had less common ID (5.1% vs. 27.3%; OR 0.143; 95% CI 0.024-0.833), patients with neurofibromas had less common ADHD (11.6% vs. 33.3%; OR 0.263; 95% CI 0.077-0.899), and patients with macrocephaly had more common LD (42.9% vs. 10.2%; OR 6.600; 95% CI 1.861-23.405). Conclusions: In this hospital-based study of 70 patients with NF1, we found an association between macrocephaly and LD in patients with NF1. However, in patients with Lisch nodules and neurofibromas ID and ADHD were less commonly found, respectively. Given, this study is a hospital-based study and with limited number of patients, further study on a national scale are warranted to better elucidate the association of clinical phenotypes and neurodevelopmental outcomes in patients with NF1. ER  - 
The effect of naltrexone on memory deficit followed by electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is famously known as a treatment for depression; however, memory impairments have always been a point of concern. The use of opioid antagonists may protect against the development of memory deficits after ECT. The current study aimed at assessing the effect of Naltrexone in diminishing memory impairments. Methods: This randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial took place at Imam Hossein hospital of Tehran/Iran. Patients diagnosed withMDD, were assigned to either Naltrexone or placebo and received 6 sessions of ECT within 2 weeks.Wechsler Memory Scale was performed the day before the first session of ECT, as well as 2 weeks, 1 and 3 months after finishing the 6th session. The Hamilton depression rating scale was performed 2 times to examine the possible interference caused by depression or to relapse as a confounding variable. Results: Patients receiving Naltrexone and placebo showed no significant difference in WMS scores. However, after further assessment, changes of WMS scores in every round were compared; the results showed that after 2 weeks from baseline, the amount of the reduction of total WMS scores from baseline was significantly lower in the Naltrexone group (P = 0.04). Conclusions: This study suggests that Naltrexone as compared to placebo has no advantageous effect on attenuating memory deficits in the long term. It is a smaller degree of memory decline that makes Naltrexone superior to placebo. ER  - 
Patients' Risk of Causing Traffic Violations and Traffic Accidents while Driving$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study examines whether drivers suffering from epilepsy, chronic alcoholism and/or hazardous drinking, psychoactive substance abuse, other diseases of the nervous system, mental and behavioural disorders, cardiovascular diseases, severe diabetes, and severe eye diseases are at a greater risk of causing traffic accidents and traffic violations than drivers that cause accidents and violations without these diagnoses. METHODS: A case control study was carried out. The cases were drivers checked by a special medical committee in the period observed suffering from the diseases listed above. Matched controls were taken from the cohort of those that caused accidents and violations during the same period observed. The descriptive statistics were followed by calculation of correlations, t-tests and χ2, and the odds ratio. RESULTS: Drivers with referrals for diseases of the nervous system are five times more likely to cause a traffic accident compared to controls (OR=5.18; 95% CI=2.59-10.34); in addition, a high risk is associated with drivers with mental and behavioural disorders (OR=3.64; 95% CI=1.91-6.94), drivers with epilepsy (OR=1.99; 95% CI=1.01-3.92), and drivers addicted to alcohol (OR=1.71; 95% CI=1.01-2.89). CONCLUSION: Drivers suffering from addiction, a disease of the nervous system, or epilepsy are more likely to cause a traffic accident, which is a contribution to the inconclusive findings of previous studies. The multiple reasons for risks of patients suffering from mental and behavioural disorders need to be further investigated. ER  - 
Conversion disorder in a neurological emergency department: Restrospective series$$$ Objective: To observe the conversion disorder in a neurological emergency department. Methods: It is common that the initial approach to this patients include the use of various diagnostic exams. In this series we reviewed 94 patients that arrived a neurological emergency room in a 3 year period. Results: 72 patients were females (76%), and the initial presumptive diagnosis were: neurovascular syndrome in 36 patients (38.3%), convulsive disorder in 20 patients (21.28%), and conversive disorder in 8 patients (8.51%). 82 patients had motor symptoms and 61 sensitive symptoms. 88 patients (93%) required neuroimaging studies, 77 (81%) patients underwent through basic biochemical panels. Other tests performed were: electroencephalogram in 12 patients (12.77%), electromyography in 11 patients (11.7%), lumbar punction in 8 patients (8.04%) and regarding the medical consult in the care of these patients 11 were evaluated by 1 specialists, 35 (37.2%) by 2 different specialties, 42 (44.63%) patients required evaluation by 3, and 6 patients (6.38%) required evaluation by 4 different specialties. Conclusions: Based on this data, we conclude that conversion disorders require a lot of resources in the emergency room and that the similarities with neurological diseases demands a complete workup including expensive diagnostic tools. However, this patients can be discharged safely without requiring hospitalization. ER  - 
Clinical profile, management trends and functional disability in patients with migraine: A pan-India cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: Migraine is the third most prevalent and seventh leading cause of disability worldwide. Despite high prevalence, there are no population based studies from India. This observational, cross-sectional pan study was conducted to understand the clinical profile, disease burden, and management trends in patients with migraine in India. Methods: Patients (18 years) diagnosed with migraine based on clinical diagnosis/ICHD criteria were enrolled across 11 centers in India. Details on demographics, history, clinical pattern, comorbidities, treatment for acute attack and prophylaxis, Migraine Specific Quality of Life (MSQ) and Migraine Disability Assessment Score (MIDAS) were recorded. Results: Of 705 patients enrolled, 81% were females and 19% were males. Mean age of the study population was 35.16±11.09 years. Mean age of onset of migraine was 25.05±8.54 years; mean age of onset was lower in patients in 18-40 years' group (22.93±6.03 years) compared with patients in 41-60 years (32.70±9.64 years) and >61 years' group (35.92±14.51 years). Most common trigger for migraine attacks were stress (75%), lack of sleep (67%) and travelling (64%). Nearly half of the patients (54%) had migraine of moderate severity; 38% patients reported severe migraine. Most common drug for acute attacks of migraine was paracetamol (47%) followed by naproxen (13%) and sumatriptan (12%). Propranolol (51%) was the most common medication for prophylaxis of migraine followed by flunarazine (40%). Paracetamol was the most common rescue medication used along with the prophylaxis therapy. Higher proportion of patients had 4 h to 72 h duration of headache attacks (44%), 1 to 10 attacks per month (70%), pulsating type of headache (76%), and sensory symptoms (negative) (45%). Nausea (65%), photophobia (63%), phonophobia (51%) and vomiting (46%) were the most common symptoms reported to be associated with migraine. Majority of the patients had MSQ score of 3 (some of the time) indicating that the patients sometimes felt that migraine was interfering while dealing with family and close friends (32%); sometimes felt that migraine was interfering while doing leisure time activities, such as reading or exercising (33%); had sometimes difficulty in performing daily activities (35%) and had limitations in concentrating on work or daily activities due to migraine (39%). The comorbidities reported were hypertension (7%), diabetes mellitus (3%), anxiety (2%), asthma (2%), and epilepsy and arthritis (1%). Majority of patients (46%) had moderate disability with a total MIDAS score ranging from 11-20; severe disability was reported in 37.3% patients, with a total MIDAS score of 21+. Sleep/rest (64%) and meditation (22%) were the most commonly reported relieving factors from migraine associated headache. Conclusion: The present study extends the body of literature characterizing treatment patterns, disorder characteristics, and disability profile in migraineurs in India. Consistent with published literature, this study also highlights a higher prevalence of migraine in women. NSAIDs remain the mainstay acute treatment whereas propranolol was the most commonly prescribed prophylactic drug. Moreover, sleep/rest and meditation were the most commonly reported relieving factors from migraine associated headache. Patients demonstrated restriction in their daily activities, reflected by their MSQ score. Moderate to severe disability was reported in majority of the patients, as assessed by their MIDAS score. ER  - 
Bacterial flora of the migraine nose: Pilot case-control study of nasal bacteria in migraine headache$$$ Background: In spite of being the oldest neurological disorder to be recorded in human history, the pathophysiology of migraine headache is not clear. In recent times, hereto unexplored mechanisms are being pursued to explain the disorder. Novel thinkers have ventured to associate migraine with chronic infection induced hypersensitivity. Infections such as Helicobacter pylori and Chlamydia have been found to be more common in migraine patients. We wanted to know whether there is any abnormal nasal bacterial colonization associated with migraine. Methods: As a single-blinded, cross-sectional, observational case-control pilot study in a tertiary government hospital neurology outpatient department in India, we analyzed the nasal bacterial flora of 27 migraine patients and ten relatives of these patients without migraine headache by nasal swab smear and culture. Results: The organisms detected in the participants were coagulase negative Staphylococcus and Staphylococcus aureus, Viridans streptococci, diphtheroids, micrococci, bacteroides, and Klebsiella by culture. Bacterial flora of the migraine patients was different from that of the controls, especially diphtheroids (migraine = 11% vs. control = 40%, P = 0.06) and micrococci (migraine = 30% versus control = 60%, P = 0.13) seem to be lower in migraineurs than in controls. Conclusions: From our pilot case-control study, although a small sample size of patients, migraineurs appear to have altered bacterial flora in their nose. ER  - 
Venous sinus thrombosis: A study of 71 patients from western India$$$ Introduction: Cerebral vein and dural sinus thrombosis is an uncommon cause of stroke and is often more difficult to diagnose than usual causes of stroke. Methodology: A retrospective study was conducted from hospital database of patients suffering from venous sinus thrombosis. Two sites were included both of which were tertiary care hospitals in West India. A computerised data base was accessed for discharge summaries and original files were then retrieved from medical Reseach department. A telephonic follow up was taken for assessment of outcome where long term outcome was not available 58 patients were selected out of 3295 neurology admissions at from first centre from January 2012 to Jan 2017 and 13 patients were selected from the second centre from same duration. All patients had been admitted in department of neurology with one or more features of venous sinus thrombosis like seizures, headache, papilledema, focal neurological deficit , altered sensorium and evidence of venous sinus thrombosis on magnetic resonance venography (MRV) or computerised tomography venous study(CTV), presenting features, detailed demographic profile, evaluation of risk factors including genetic and acquired procoagulant states and infections , malignancy ( central nervous system, outside CNS and hematological), vasculitis, anaemia, hyperhomocystenemia, vitamin B 12 levels, drug usage including hormone replacement therapy, oral contraception, steroid usage, thyroid disorder , smoking, alcoholism, surgery, pregnancy and puerperium were recorded. Physical parameters at time of presentation including systolic and diastolic blood pressures heart rate were recorded on admission with level of consciousness, papilledema and focal neurological deficits. On radiology presence or absence of infarct and hémorrage and the site of venous sinus occlusion was recorded. Treatment during hospital stay was recorded in form of use of unfractionated heparin, low molecular weight heparin, mannitol, anti epileptic medications, oral anticoagulants and decompressive craniotomy. Outcomes were recorded in form of complete recovery, dependency and death/ brainstem death. Descriptive statistic was performed as mean & standard deviation or percentages. Difference in continuous variables was evaluated by using independent t-test while chi-square test was performed in categorical variables. Statistical significant was considered as P<0.05. Results: Out of 71 patients in our study group the mean age of presentation was 36.64 years with minimum age of 17 years and maximum age of 79 years. 42 patients were male (59.2%) and 29 were female (40.8%). Vertigo was present in 8 patients (11.3) out of which 2 were men (4.8) and 6 were women (20.7) with a p value of .037. The most common presenting feature was headache 47/71(66.2), followed by seizures 33(46.5%), paresis 20/71 (28.16) and coma 15/71(21.1%). Fever at time of presentation was recorded in 11/71 patients. 6 patients, one male and 5 females presented with dullness, depression like picture preceded by headache and one had psychosis like presentation. This presentation was far more common in women than men. (p value 0.027). Diplopia was present in 13/71 patients and vomiting was present in 26(36.6%) patients. Among the women only 2 patients had venous thrombosis during pregnancy and seven during puerperium. 20(28.18%) of patient had limb paresis out of which 12 had left sided and 7 had right sided weakness and one patient had quadriparesis. Family history of DVT and pulmonary embolism was recorded in 5 patients and arterial embolism was recorded in 4 patients. MRI Brain recorded infarcts in 32/71 patients and predominant hemorrhage was recorded in 34/71. 4 cases were associated with malignancy (one CNS, one outside CNS and 2 haematological). One case had bechets syndrome, two had sarcoidosis, 2 patients had MCTD and 2 had non specific vasculitis. Difference between sexes was not significant. Raised homocysteine level was found in 26/35 (74.3%) patients in whom they were measured. Hyperhomocystenemia was the commonest causative factor and was far more common in men (21/25) than in women (5/10). (p value 0.019). B12 deficiency was found in 26/41 patients where it was checked, more common in men than in women. This however did not reach statistical significance. 24 out of 71 patients were found to be anaemic (33.8%). Anaemia was far more common in women than in men. ( p value .002). Protein C level was assessed in 27 patients and found to be low in 5 patients. (18.5) this derangement was far more common in men (4/5) than in women (1/5). Protein S level was also evaluated in 27 patients and found to be low in 6 patients (3 males and 3 females). Factor V Leiden mutation was not found in any of the patient studied (total no 16). Abnormal anti thrombin III levels were found in one patient (1/23) one patient had associated nephrotic syndrome with steroid intake.8 patients had associated infections. Three patients underwent decompressive hemicraniectomy. Average duration of hospital stay was 7.4days. 31patients showed complete recovery and 4 patientssuffered brain death. ER  - 
A randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of ganaxolone in children and adolescents with fragile X syndrome$$$ Background: Gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) system deficits are integral to the pathophysiologic development of fragile X syndrome (FXS). Ganaxolone, a GABAA receptor positive allosteric modulator, is hypothesized to improve symptoms such as anxiety, hyperactivity, and attention deficits in children with FXS. Methods: This study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover trial of ganaxolone in children with FXS, aged 6-17 years. Results: Sixty-one participants were assessed for eligibility, and 59 were randomized to the study. Fifty-five participants completed at least the first arm and were included in the intention-to-treat analysis; 51 participants completed both treatment arms. There were no statistically significant improvements observed on the primary outcome measure (Clinical Global Impression-Improvement), the key secondary outcome measure (Pediatric Anxiety Rating Scale-R), or any other secondary outcome measures in the overall study population. However, post-hoc analyses revealed positive trends in areas of anxiety, attention, and hyperactivity in participants with higher baseline anxiety and low full-scale IQ scores. No serious adverse events (AEs) occurred, although there was a significant increase in the frequency and severity of AEs related to ganaxolone compared to placebo. Conclusions: While ganaxolone was found to be safe, there were no significant improvements in the outcome measures in the overall study population. However, ganaxolone in subgroups of children with FXS, including those with higher anxiety or lower cognitive abilities, might have beneficial effects. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01725152 ER  - 
Adverse effects & drug load of antiepileptic drugs in patients with epilepsy: Monotherapy versus polytherapy$$$ Background & objectives: Although the need for a combination of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in the treatment of epilepsy is well justified, but an associated increase in adverse effects (AEs) lends a restriction to polytherapy. The aim of this study was to evaluate AEs and drug load (prescribed daily dose/defined daily doses) of AEDs in patients with epilepsy (PWE). Methods: Consecutive PWEs attending Epilepsy clinic in a tertiary care hospital in New Delhi, India, were enrolled in the study. Demographic variables, such as age, gender, diagnosis, age at onset of seizures, frequency of seizures, use of all AEDs and adverse event profile (AEP) score were noted. Routine laboratory tests including lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, haematological parameters and liver and kidney function tests were done. Results: A total of 697 consecutive patients were included in this study. Of them, 64.4 per cent were male; mean age was 29.6 ± 10.6 yr. Generalized seizures and focal seizures were recorded in n=386 (55.4%) and n=311 (44.6%), respectively. Monotherapy and polytherapy with two and greater than or equal to three AEDs were prescribed in 264 (37.9%), 243 (34.9%) and 190 (27.2%) patients, respectively. The average AED load, duration of treatment as well as AEP score were found to be significantly higher in combination of greater than or equal to three AEDs as compared to both monotherapy and combination of two AEDs, whereas no significant difference was observed between monotherapy and combination of two AEDs. Patients on monotherapy were in good control of seizures as compared to polytherapy. There was no significant change in biochemical parameters between the groups. Interpretation & conclusions: Polytherapy with combination of greater than or equal to three AEDs was associated with higher AEs and lower seizure control as compared to both monotherapy and combination of two AEDs. AEs did not correlate with AED load, seizure type, gender and age of the patients but were associated with both numbers of AEDs as well as seizure frequency in PWE. ER  - 
Efficacy and Safety of Direct Acting Antivirals for the Treatment of Mixed Cryoglobulinemia$$$ Objectives:Mixed cryoglobulinemia is strongly associated with hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection and ranges from being asymptomatic to causing life-threatening vasculitis. In those with symptoms, treatment with pegylated interferon (pegIFN) and ribavirin (RBV) reduces mortality. However, few data are available on the safety and efficacy of antiviral therapy with direct acting antivirals (DAAs) in the treatment of HCV-related cryoglobulinemia.Methods:Patients treated for HCV-related cryoglobulinemia with DAA±pegIFN were retrospectively evaluated at a tertiary care center. Primary outcomes were virological, immunological, and clinical response. Complete (normalization), partial (>50% reduction), or non-response (<50% reduction) were used to describe change in cryocrit or vasculitic manifestations at week 12 post treatment. Side effects, hospitalizations, and decompensating events were recorded.Results:Eighteen symptomatic and 65 asymptomatic patients were reviewed (61% male, median age 58 years) including 10 with severe/life-threatening vasculitis. Sixty-six (79.5%) patients received pegIFN-free therapy. Sustained virological response (SVR) was attained in 16 (88.9%) symptomatic and 59 (90.8%) asymptomatic patients. Cryoglobulins disappeared in 5 (29.4%) symptomatic and 27 (52.9%) asymptomatic patients. Of symptomatic patients with SVR, clinical response was complete in 7 (38.8%) and partial response in 4 (22.2%). Of the 5 viral relapsers, 1 had a complete response during therapy with no symptomatic recurrence, while the other patients had no clinical response. Among 7 with severe vasculitis, 6 achieved SVR but only 1 had a complete clinical response, with 3 showing a partial response and 2 showing no improvement. All four with life-threatening vasculitis required plasmapheresis and three received rituximab. All achieved SVR leading to partial clinical response in two, but no response in two. Skin manifestations (39% reduction) were most likely to completely resolve with lower responses seen in renal (11.2% reduction) and neurological symptoms (11.1%). Eighty-two (98.8%) patients completed therapy, with 19 (22.8%) reporting adverse events. Hospitalization for decompensation or worsening vasculitis occurred in five (6.0%) and four (22.2) patients respectively.Conclusions:DAAs resulted in high rates of SVR in patients with cryoglobulinemia. Safety and tolerability were excellent; however, most patients did not have a complete clinical or immunological response, suggesting a delay to clinical response particularly in those with severe/life-threatening vasculitis. Further follow-up will be required to determine if clinical improvement continues after viral clearance. ER  - 
Impact of Quality Rights Gujarat program on dropout rate of patients visiting outpatient psychiatry department of tertiary care hospital$$$ Background Dropout from an outpatient clinic is the loss of patient to the scheduled follow-up. Noncompliance in the form of treatment dropouts is a major problem across outpatient mental health settings and can range from 15% to 60%. Follow-up studies provide valuable insights into improving the quality of existing mental health facilities. Quality Rights Gujarat (QRG) is a step toward improving mental health facilities across various centers. Methods This retrospective observational study aims to explore follow-up pattern, predictors and any change after QRG implementation. Pre intervention Group (A) attended psychiatry OPD for 6 months before implementation of QRG project and Post intervention Group (B) attended psychiatry OPD for 3 months after implementation of QRG project. Results Total 1632 Patients consulted in group A and 926 patients consulted Psychiatry OPD in group B. The most common Psychiatric disorder were Depression (A-19.55%, B-28.62%), Schizophrenia and related disorders (A-14.15%, B-15.01%), Neuropsychiatric disorders like headache and epilepsy (A-14.52%, B-18.68%), substance use disorder (A-15.26%, B-13.71%) and Bipolar disorder (A-11.76%, B-13.17%). 59.56% patients dropped out after the first visit in pre intervention group as compared to 51.94% patients in post intervention group. Significant reduction of about 8% in loss to follow up and 16% increase in follow-ups of initial visits after implementation of Quality Rights Gujarat project. Conclusions Much can be done to improve attendance in most services. The initiative like QRG significantly has positive results on patient's follow-up. ER  - 
Pre-existing psychiatric disorder in the burn patient is associated with worse outcomes$$$ Objective To compare patient and burn characteristics between patients who had a pre-existing psychiatric diagnosis and patients who did not in a Burn Unit at an academic hospital. Background Psychosocial issues are common in patients recovering from a burn; however, little is known regarding hospital course and discharge outcomes in patients with a pre-existing psychiatric diagnosis presenting with a burn. Baseline medical comorbidities of burn patients have been shown to be a significant risk for in-hospital mortality. Methods A retrospective chart review of 479 consecutive patients admitted to the Burn Unit of an academic hospital in Halifax, Nova Scotia between March 2nd 1995 and June 1st 2013 was performed. Extensive data regarding patient and burn characteristics and outcomes was collected. Patients with and without pre-existing psychiatric diagnoses at the time of hospital admission were compared. Results Sixty-three (13%) patients had a psychiatric diagnosis, with the most common being depression (52%). Forty-percent (n = 25/63) of these patients had multiple pre-existing psychiatric diagnoses. Patients with a psychiatric diagnosis had a greater total-body-surface-area (TBSA)% covered by a third-degree burn (p = 0.001), and were more likely to have an inhalation injury (p < 0.001). These patients were also significantly more likely to experience 6 of the 10 most prevalent in-hospital complications and had a higher mortality rate (p = 0.02). They were less likely to be discharged home (p = 0.001), and more likely to go to a home hospital (p = 0.04) or rehabilitation facility (p = 0.03). Psychiatric diagnosis was associated with significantly more placement issues (e.g. rehab bed unavailability, homeless) upon discharge from the Burn Unit (p = 0.01). The risk of death in burn patients with pre-existing psychiatric disorders was about three times the risk of death in patients with no psychiatric disorders when adjusting for other potential confounders (95% CI, 1.13–9.10; p-value 0.03). Conclusion Presence of a pre-existing psychiatric disorder in the burn patient was associated with worse outcomes and was a significant predictor of death. Psychiatric diagnoses should be identified early in burn treatment and efforts should be made to ensure a comprehensive approach to inpatient support and patient discharge to reduce unfavorable burn outcomes and placement issues. ER  - 
Effectiveness and Safety of Different Once-Daily Doses of Adrenocorticotropic Hormone for Infantile Spasms$$$ Introduction: Adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) has been commonly used as a first-line treatment for infantile spasms (IS), but its optimal dose and duration are still unclear. This study is the largest retrospective cohort to document the therapeutic efficacy and tolerability for three gradient doses of ACTH in IU/kg/day units in Chinese patients. Objective: The aim of our study was to elucidate the effectiveness and safety of three different low doses and duration of ACTH treatment for IS in China. Methods: We conducted a retrospective, chart review of IS cases that were treated with biologic short-acting ACTH and followed up for at least 6 months at a single center in China between June 2010 and June 2016. In total, 200 children met the inclusion criteria. Cases were divided into three groups according to dosage (1, 1.1–1.9, and 2–4 IU/kg/day). Furthermore, we divided the 2–4 IU/kg/day group into 2–3 and 3.1–4 IU/kg/day subgroups. All groups were evaluated for response rates, relapse rates, and adverse effects. Results: Electroclinical remission by day 14 occurred in 41.4% of infants given 2–4 IU/kg/day and 36.4% of infants given 1.1–1.9 IU/kg/day, compared with only 14.7% of patients given 1 IU/kg/day (p = 0.004 and 0.03, respectively). Prolonging ACTH treatment for up to 28 days improved response by 24% in all 200 infants. Overall, 73.9% of infants receiving 2–4 IU/kg/day responded, significantly higher than the 52.7% responding to 1.1–1.9 IU/kg/day and the 23.5% responding to 1 IU/kg/day (p < 0.01). There was no significant difference in the number of relapses or adverse effects in the three groups. Moreover, in the 2–4 IU/kg/day group, 74.7% of children receiving 2–3 IU/kg/day of ACTH responded, compared with 70% who responded to 3.1–4 IU/kg/day (p = 0.78). Conclusions: ACTH at a dosage of 2–3 IU/kg/day is superior to 1.1–1.9 and 1 IU/kg/day dosages, is as good as a 3.1–4 IU/kg/day dosage in terms of response rate, and causes no more adverse effects or relapses than other dosages. In addition, prolonging the duration of ACTH treatment can improve response. ER  - 
Phase II trial of the PI3 kinase inhibitor buparlisib (BKM-120) with or without enzalutamide in men with metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer$$$ Background Phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K) and androgen receptor pathway activation is common in metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC). Buparlisib is an oral, pan-class I PI3 kinase inhibitor. Methods This was a multisite single arm phase II trial of buparlisib 100 mg ± enzalutamide daily in men with mCRPC whose disease progressed on or who were not candidates for docetaxel. The primary end-point was the rate of radiographic/clinical progression-free survival (PFS) at 6 months. Results Thirty men were accrued: 67% post-docetaxel; median prostate specific antigen (PSA) was 70 ng/dl, 83% had ≥4 prior therapies for mCRPC; 43% received concurrent enzalutamide. The final 6 month PFS rate was estimated to be 10% (95% confidence interval 2.5–23.6%). Median PFS was 1.9 months and was 3.5 months with concurrent enzalutamide. Median overall survival was 10.6 months. Concurrent enzalutamide led to a five-fold reduction in buparlisib concentrations. PSA declines were observed in 23%; no patients achieved a ≥50% decline, and no radiographic responses were observed. Severe adverse events occurred in four men including respiratory infection and multi-organ failure, urinary tract obstruction, confusion and one seizure in the setting of a new central nervous system (CNS) metastasis. Grade III adverse events were seen in 43% of patients; common toxicities included grade I–II weight loss, diarrhoea, nausea, fatigue, anorexia, rash, hyperglycemia and anxiety/mood disorders. Conclusions Buparlisib did not demonstrate significant activity in men with mCRPC, suggesting that PI3K inhibition is not sufficient to reverse resistant mCRPC progression. Future studies of PI3K pathway inhibitors with concurrent enzalutamide should develop optimal dosing and focus on selected patients more likely to benefit. ER  - 
Early ictal and interictal patterns in FIRES: The sparks before the blaze$$$ Objective: Febrile infection–related epilepsy syndrome (FIRES) is a catastrophic epileptic encephalopathy described as explosive onset of super refractory status epilepticus (SRSE) in previously healthy children. We describe electroencephalography (EEG) abnormalities in the hyperacute phase of FIRES, with the aim of contributing to the diagnostic characterization of a syndrome otherwise lacking specific biomarkers. Methods: This is a retrospective single-center, case series of seven children with FIRES. Cases were identified from a Neurocritical Care database. Patient characteristics and clinical course were obtained from electronic medical records. Electroencephalography recordings were reviewed in two segments: the initial 12 h of recording and the 12 h prior to initiation of a medically induced burst suppression (BS). Results: Fourteen 12-h segments of video–electroencephalography (EEG) recordings were analyzed for commonalities. A beta–delta complex resembling extreme delta brush (EDB) occurred in at least one 12-h segment for all patients. In six patients, seizures were brief and relatively infrequent during the first recording, with a gradual evolution to status epilepticus by the second. We observed a characteristic electrographic seizure pattern in six of seven patients with prolonged focal fast activity at onset. Shifting seizures were seen in four of seven patients. Significance: The diagnosis of FIRES is typically assigned late in a patient's clinical course, which has broad implications for clinical care and research. We retrospectively analyzed acute EEG features in seven patients with FIRES and discovered three common features: gradual increase in seizure burden, presence of a recurrent EDB, and a typical seizure pattern. Recognition of this pattern may facilitate early diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Cannabinoids in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A randomised-controlled trial$$$ Adults with ADHD describe self-medicating with cannabis, with some reporting a preference for cannabis over ADHD medications. A small number of psychiatrists in the US prescribe cannabis medication for ADHD, despite there being no evidence from randomised controlled studies. The EMA-C trial (Experimental Medicine in ADHD-Cannabinoids) was a pilot randomised placebo-controlled experimental study of a cannabinoid medication, Sativex Oromucosal Spray, in 30 adults with ADHD. The primary outcome was cognitive performance and activity level using the QbTest. Secondary outcomes included ADHD and emotional lability (EL) symptoms. From 17.07.14 to 18.06.15, 30 participants were randomly assigned to the active (n=15) or placebo (n=15) group. For the primary outcome, no significant difference was found in the ITT analysis although the overall pattern of scores was such that the active group usually had scores that were better than the placebo group (Est=−0.17, 95%CI-0.40 to 0.07, p=0.16, n=15/11 active/placebo). For secondary outcomes Sativex was associated with a nominally significant improvement in hyperactivity/impulsivity (p=0.03) and a cognitive measure of inhibition (p=0.05), and a trend towards improvement for inattention (p=0.10) and EL (p=0.11). Per-protocol effects were higher. Results did not meet significance following adjustment for multiple testing. One serious (muscular seizures/spasms) and three mild adverse events occurred in the active group and one serious (cardiovascular problems) adverse event in the placebo group. Adults with ADHD may represent a subgroup of individuals who experience a reduction of symptoms and no cognitive impairments following cannabinoid use. While not definitive, this study provides preliminary evidence supporting the self-medication theory of cannabis use in ADHD and the need for further studies of the endocannabinoid system in ADHD. ER  - 
Ictal coughing: Clinical features and differential diagnoses$$$ Purpose To describe a series of patients with ictal coughing to estimate its occurrence and characterize the clinical features and differential diagnoses. Methods We retrospectively reviewed all the long-term video-EEG reports from Jefferson Comprehensive Epilepsy Center over a 7-year period (2010–2016) for the occurrence of the term “cough” in the text body. All the extracted reports were reviewed and patients with at least one documented ictal coughing at the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) were included in the study. Results During the study period, 2487 patients were investigated at our EMU. Seven patients (0.28%) had at least one documented seizure accompanied by coughing. Four patients (0.16%) had epilepsy and three patients (0.12%) had psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). All patients with epilepsy had focal onset epilepsy; ictal coughing was not associated with any particular localization or lateralization. Conclusion We add to the literature on ictal coughing by providing additional information on its differential diagnosis and clinical features. Ictal coughing is a rare finding among patients evaluated at the EMUs. The differential diagnoses for ictal coughing include epilepsy and PNES. Epileptic ictal coughing is a rare semiological finding in patients with epilepsy and when present, it is invariably associated with focal epilepsy. ER  - 
The prevalence of anxiety and associated factors in persons with epilepsy$$$ The objectives of this study were to estimate the prevalence of, and factors associated with, anxiety in epilepsy. We conducted a cross-sectional analysis using data from the Neurological Disease and Depression Study. The prevalence of anxiety and associated factors were assessed using descriptive statistics and logistic regression. Of the total sample (n = 250 patients), nearly 40.0% of participants had anxiety according to the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. The most prevalent symptom of anxiety was “worrying thoughts” (35.6%). After adjustment for age and sex, depression (odds ratio [OR] = 8.97, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 4.38–18.40), medication side effects (OR = 1.79, 95% CI = 1.04–3.05), smoking (OR = 4.35, 95% CI = 2.27–8.31), and illicit substance use (OR = 2.42, 95% CI = 1.18–4.96) were significantly associated with higher odds of anxiety, whereas higher education (OR = 0.47, 95% CI = 0.28–0.80) was associated with lower odds of anxiety. Furthermore, participants with anxiety reported more severe epilepsy, debilitating seizures, and overall lower quality of life. Evidence from our study reveals a high prevalence of anxiety in persons with epilepsy and that anxiety is associated with a variety of negative outcomes. These findings further emphasize the need for more studies to understand the impact of anxiety and its relationship with various sociodemographic and clinical factors. ER  - 
Prediction of specific depressive symptom clusters in youth with epilepsy: The NDDI-E-Y versus Neuro-QOL SF$$$ Objective: Proper assessment and early identification of depressive symptoms are essential to initiate treatment and minimize the risk for poor outcomes in youth with epilepsy (YWE). The current study examined the predictive utility of the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory-Epilepsy for Youth (NDDI-E-Y) and the Neuro-QOL Depression Short Form (Neuro-QOL SF) in explaining variance in overall depressive symptoms and specific symptom clusters on the gold standard Children's Depression Inventory-2 (CDI-2). Methods: Cross-sectional study examining 99 YWE (female 68, mean age 14.7 years) during a routine epilepsy visit, who completed self-report measures of depressive symptoms, including the NDDI-E-Y, CDI-2, and the Neuro-QOL SF. Caregivers completed a measure of seizure severity. All sociodemographic and medical information was evaluated through electronic medical record review. Results: After accounting for seizure and demographic variables, the NDDI-E-Y accounted for 45% of the variance in the CDI-2 Total score and the CDI-2 Ineffectiveness subscale. Furthermore, the NDDI-E-Y predicted CDI-2 Total scores and subscales similarly, with the exception of explaining significantly more variance in the CDI-2 Ineffectiveness subscale compared to the Negative Mood subscale. The NDDI-E-Y explained greater variance compared to Neuro-QOL SF across the Total (48% vs. 37%) and all CDI-2 subscale scores; however, the NDDI-E-Y emerged as a stronger predictor of only CDI-2 Ineffectiveness. Both the NDDI-E-Y and Neuro-QOL SF accounted for the lowest amount of variance in CDI-2 Negative Mood. Sensitivity was poor for the Neuro-QOL SF in predicting high versus low CDI-2 scores. Significance: The NDDI-E-Y has strong psychometrics and can be easily integrated into routine epilepsy care for quick, brief screening of depressive symptoms in YWE. ER  - 
Orbital and Orbitocranial Trauma From Pencil Fragments: Role of Timely Diagnosis and Management$$$ Purpose To emphasize the importance of early detection and radiologic evaluation of retained organic foreign bodies (FBs) in orbital or orbitocranial penetrating injuries by pencil. Design Retrospective case series. Methods A retrospective chart review of patients who had penetrating orbital or orbitocranial trauma at 2 tertiary hospitals was conducted. Patients whose mechanism of injury was penetrating trauma by pencil were included. The patients’ demographics, time between initial trauma and detection of foreign body, radiologic images, and resulting sequelae were reviewed. Results Four patients were included in this study. All patients were male; 3 were less than 2 years of age and 1 was 34 years old. Accidents were witnessed in 2 cases, and initial detections of FBs were delayed in 3 cases, from 2 days to 7 weeks. Three cases involved the right orbit. Computed tomography (CT) imaging of the head demonstrated penetration of the orbital walls in 3 cases. Three-dimensional CT scans were used to differentiate the penetrating graphite pencil fragments from the orbital wall, and catheter angiography was used in 1 case of suspected orbital apex penetration. Vision was lost in 1 patient while other severe neurologic deficits were fully recovered after removal of FB. Conclusions Penetrating injury by pencils to the periorbital structures and delayed detection of retained pencil fragments can result in threat to life and vision. Radiologic examinations are essential to the detection of these retained FBs. Prompt detection and removal of the FBs within 48 hours and treatment with antibiotics can save vision and life. ER  - 
Quality of Life in Childhood Epilepsy in pediatric patients enrolled in a prospective, open-label clinical study with cannabidiol$$$ Recent clinical trials indicate that cannabidiol (CBD) may reduce seizure frequency in pediatric patients with certain forms of treatment-resistant epilepsy. Many of these patients experience significant impairments in quality of life (QOL) in physical, mental, and social dimensions of health. In this study, we measured the caregiver-reported Quality of Life in Childhood Epilepsy (QOLCE) in a subset of patients enrolled in a prospective, open-label clinical study of CBD. Results from caregivers of 48 patients indicated an 8.2 ± 9.9-point improvement in overall patient QOLCE (p < 0.001) following 12 weeks of CBD. Subscores with improvement included energy/fatigue, memory, control/helplessness, other cognitive functions, social interactions, behavior, and global QOL. These differences were not correlated to changes in seizure frequency or adverse events. The results suggest that CBD may have beneficial effects on patient QOL, distinct from its seizure-reducing effects; however, further studies in placebo-controlled, double-blind trials are necessary to confirm this finding. ER  - 
An analysis of quality of life (QOL) in patients with epilepsy and comorbid psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) after vagus nerve stimulation (VNS)$$$ Purpose Patients with epilepsy (PWE) may suffer from comorbid psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). The efficacy of vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) in the treatment of epilepsy and depression is established, however the impact on PNES is unknown. Since many patients with PNES have comorbid depression, we explored the impact on quality of life (QOL) that VNS has on PWE and PNES. Methods The video electroencephalogram (vEEG) of all patients who underwent VNS at our institution was reviewed. Patients diagnosed with both psychogenic seizures and epileptic seizures on their vEEG were included in this study. These patients were contacted, and given a QOLIE-31 survey to assess their quality of life after VNS. Patients also completed a separate survey created by our group to categorize the quartile of their improvement. Pre-operative psychiatric disease was retrospectively reviewed. Results From a period of 2001 to 2016, 518 patients underwent placement of VNS for drug resistant epilepsy (DRE) at our institution. In total, 16 patients were diagnosed with both epilepsy and PNES. 11/16 patients responded to our questionnaire and survey. 9 out of 11 patients felt that their epileptic seizures had improved after VNS, while 7 of the 11 patients felt that their psychogenic episodes had improved. 2(28.6%), 1 (14.3%), and 4 (57.1%) of participants said their PNES improved by 25–50%, 50–75%, and 75–100%, respectively. 3(27.3%), 3 (27.3%), 1 (9.1%), and 4 (36.4%) of the participants said their epileptic seizures improved by 0–25%, 25–50%, 50–75%, and 75–100%, respectively. The average overall score for quality of life for the study participants was found to be 51 (± 8) out of 100. Conclusion Patients with epilepsy and comorbid PNES may benefit from VNS. It is unclear whether the benefit is conferred strictly from decreased epileptic seizure burden. The possible effect on PNES may be related to the known effect of VNS on depression. Further studies are necessary to elucidate the role of VNS in the treatment of PNES and possibly other psychiatric disease. ER  - 
Perisylvian, including insular, childhood epilepsy: Presurgical workup and surgical outcome$$$ Objective: To report the presurgical workup, surgical procedures, and outcomes in a series of pediatric patients with drug-resistant epilepsy involving the perisylvian/insular regions. Methods: We retrospectively assessed 16 pediatric patients affected by drug-resistant focal epilepsy involving perisylvian/insular regions, who consecutively underwent tailored resective surgery. All patients underwent a detailed presurgical workup, which included the analysis of the anatomoelectroclinical correlations with scalp electroencephalography (EEG) and/or with stereo-electroencephalography (SEEG), brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and comprehensive cognitive and neuropsychological evaluations. After surgery, all patients underwent serial clinical and laboratory evaluations. Results: Focal motor seizures restricted to perioral area, associated with symptoms related to the surrounding areas (as auditory hallucinations, unpleasant paresthesia, fear, and epigastric sensation), characterized the ictal semiology in 75% of patients. In 50%, autonomic manifestations were present and in 56% subjective manifestations were reported. The 50% of the patients underwent SEEG with insular sampling to better define the epileptogenic zone. In all patients, the insular cortex was always part of the epileptogenic zone, and tailored resections also involved, with variable degree, the frontal, parietal, and temporal opercula. Preoperatively, the neuropsychological assessment revealed impairments in specific cognitive functions and mild or moderate cognitive compromise in 88% of the patients. Postoperatively, one patient had permanent slight hemiparesis. At the most recent follow-up (median 39 months), seizure outcome was satisfactory in 69% of patients: seven patients were completely seizure-free (Engel class Ia), two were free of disabling seizure (class Ic), and two had rare disabling seizures (class II). The cognitive functioning remained unchanged in 62%, and improved in 38%. Significance: The assessment of perisylvian/insular epilepsy in children is particularly challenging. However, tailored resections based on a careful presurgical evaluation, including SEEG recording, may lead to a good seizure control and to a better overall outcome. ER  - 
Predictive factors of long-term outcomes of surgery for mesial temporal lobe epilepsy associated with hippocampal sclerosis$$$ Objective: The reasons for failure of surgical treatment for mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE) associated with hippocampal sclerosis (HS) remain unclear. This retrospective study analyzed seizure, cognitive, and psychiatric outcomes, searching for factors associated with seizure relapse or cognitive and psychiatric deterioration after MTLE-HS surgery. Methods: Seizure, cognitive, and psychiatric outcomes were reviewed after 389 surgeries performed between 1990 and 2015 on patients aged 15–67 years at a tertiary center. Three surgical approaches were used: anterior temporal lobectomy (ATL; n = 209), transcortical selective amygdalohippocampectomy (SAH; n = 144), and transsylvian SAH (n = 36). Results: With an average follow-up of 8.7 years (range = 1.0–25.2), seizure outcome was classified as Engel I in 83.7% and Engel Ia in 57.1% of patients. The histological classification of HS was type 1 for 75.3% of patients, type 2 for 18.7%, and type 3 for 1.2%. Two factors were significantly associated with seizure recurrence: past history of status epilepticus and preoperative intracranial electroencephalographic recording. In contrast, neither HS type, the presence of a dual pathology, nor surgical approach was associated with seizure outcome. Risk of cognitive impairment was 3.12 (95% confidence interval = 1.27–7.70), greater in patients after ATL than in patients after transcortical SAH. A presurgical psychiatric history and postoperative cognitive impairment were associated with poor psychiatric outcome. Significance: The SAH and ATL approaches have similar beneficial effects on seizure control, whereas transcortical SAH tends to minimize cognitive deterioration after surgery. Variation in postsurgical outcome with the class of HS should be investigated further. ER  - 
Disease characterization of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients in Quebec$$$ Objective Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is an autoimmune disease characterized by an array of organ manifestations that can appear during flares and disappear during remissions. The objectives of this study were: (i) to examine SLE manifestation groups longitudinally in an SLE cohort; and (ii) to assess the association between early antimalarial treatment and renal manifestations. Methods Seven SLE manifestation groups - cutaneous, hematologic, lung, musculoskeletal, neuropsychiatric, serositis, renal - were tracked using Kaplan-Meier survival curves in an incident SLE cohort from Quebec health administrative data (n = 2010). A subgroup with provincial drug insurance coverage was followed over time to examine the association between early antimalarial treatment (within three months after SLE diagnosis) and renal manifestations using a Cox proportional hazards survival model. Results Cutaneous manifestations was the most common manifestation at SLE diagnosis (30.0%, 95% CI: 27.7-32.2%). About two-thirds (66.2%, 95% CI: 63.4-68.9%) of patients had evidence of at least one SLE manifestation at diagnosis, which increased to 87.2% (95% CI: 84.2-90.3%) by the end of follow-up. After adjusting for age, sex, early concomitant systemic steroid therapy, Charlson comorbidity index, primary care visits in the year prior and other SLE manifestations at baseline, no statistically significant association was established between antimalarial therapy and renal manifestations. Conclusion This study provides insight regarding organ manifestations within a population-based sample. Most patients identified with SLE had other diagnostic evidence that supports an underlying diagnosis of SLE. No protective effects for antimalarial agents against renal manifestations could be established in this population-based cohort. ER  - 
High frequency of depressive symptoms among adults with epilepsy: Results from a Hospital-based study$$$ Context: Assessment of comorbid burden of depression and associated factors among adult people living with epilepsy (PWE) has the potential to inform clinical evaluation and management to improve outcomes. Aim: The aim of this study is to determine frequency of depressive symptoms and factors associated with it among PWE attending a tertiary care hospital. Setting and Design: This was a cross-sectional observational study conducted in the outpatient clinic of a tertiary care center. Subjects and Methods: One hundred and fifty patients with epilepsy were recruited between May 2016 and August 2016. For assessing depression, Tamil validated version of Patient Health Questionnaire-12 was used. Frequency of depression and its association with various sociodemographic and clinical factors were assessed. Statistical Analysis Used: Student t-test and Chi-square test for univariate analysis and logistic regression for multivariate analysis were used for statistical analysis. Results: Of the 150 subjects, 89 (59.3%) were males. Generalized tonic-clonic seizures were present in 131 people (87.3%). Genetic and unknown epilepsies contributed higher proportion (44.7%) as compared to structural epilepsies (37.3%). Majority (88%) were on one or two antiepileptic drugs. Thirty-one people (20.3%) had less than one seizure per year. Depressive symptoms were present in 95 patients (63.3%). In multivariate regression analysis, secondary generalized seizures and seizure frequency >1/month emerged as significant predictors of depression ( [OR]: 5.48 [95% (CI): 1.35-22.28] and OR: 2.53 [95% CI: 1.11-5.75], respectively). Conclusion: Depression is prevalent in a majority of adult PWE. Hence, a routine screening for depression as part of comprehensive epilepsy care is advisable for PWE attending the outpatient clinic. ER  - 
Postprocedural analgesia$$$ Learning Objectives 1. To learn about the different techniques of analgesia 2. To learn when to use analgesia 3. To learn about complications Minimum invasion, reduced discomfort, and shorter hospital stay are the essential elements of interventional radiology. Newer inventions have expanded its utility in all clinical specialities. During interventional procedures, pain management often relies on local anesthetics and intravenous (IV) conscious sedation using opioids and benzodiazepines (1-8). Intra-arterial lidocaine may be used in tumor embolizations (9). Neuroaxial blockade or regional celiac ganglionic blockade may be used in procedures associated with greater pain anticipation (10). Pain assessment: In post-procedural period, visceral pain from the intervened structures can be more discomforting than local pain at the entry site. Pain assessment is necessary to optimize the analgesic therapy. Selfreporting scales (SRS) (12-21) are considered the single most reliable descriptor of pain experience (1,11), and these scales (12-21) have shown similar statistical power, efficacy, and response problems (17). Of the SRS, the visual numeric scale is particularly easy to administer, correlates well with other scales, sensitive to change, and has demonstrated success in elderly adults as well; however, it may be cumbersome in immobilized patients (12). A purely verbal 0-10 linear numerical scale, with 0 indicating no pain at all and 10 indicating worst pain imaginable, has been validated and can be used as an alternative (21,22). Adequate post-procedural analgesia is necessary for the patient's comfort and to combat the deleterious stress response. Local anesthetic field and nerve blocks (23), NSAIDs, and opioids supplemented by sedatives and antiemetics remain the mainstay of pharmacological treatment of acute pain. Non-opioid analgesics: The World Health Organization recommends stepwise pattern, beginning with NSAIDs, progressing to weak opiates, and subsequently to strong opiates. The addition of NSAIDs can significantly improve the efficacy of opiate analgesics, reduce opiate dose, and reduce side effects. Non-opioid analgesics may be used alone or in combination with opioids and local anesthetics. Commonly used non-opioids include acetaminophen and NSAIDs. An overview is provided below. Commonly used non-opioid analgesics: Acetaminophen: Onset (min): 30 Duration (h): 2-4 Maximal dose (mg/24 h): 3000-4000 Aspirin: Onset (min): 30-60 Duration (h): 2-4 Maximal dose (mg/24 h): 3600 Naproxen: Onset (min): 60 Duration (h): 4-7 Maximal dose (mg/24 h): 1500 Fenoprofen: Onset (min): 60 Duration (h): 4-6 Maximal dose (mg/24 h): 3200 Ibuprofen: Onset (min): 30 Duration (h): 4-6 Maximal dose (mg/24 h): 3200 Ketorolac: Onset (min): 30-60 Duration (h): 4-6 Maximal dose (mg/24 h): 120 However, the risk/benefit ratio should be reconsidered when NSAIDs are used in patients with asthma who have a history of sensitivity, those with a history of peptic ulcer disease, and those on anticoagulant therapy. NSAIDs may produce or exacerbate renal insufficiency; due to this concern of addition to the deleterious effect of contrast medium on kidneys, NSAIDs should be used with caution especially in patients with pre-existing impaired renal function. It is best to limit the use of NSAIDs to typically 24-48 h postoperatively. Local anesthetics: Local anesthetics can be used as local infiltration around catheter and puncture sites and for regional nerve blocks. The injection of intra-arterial lidocaine during tumor embolizations can be an effective intraoperative measure in postoperative pain management (9). When a local anesthetic is intentionally administered intravascularly, maximum allowed serum concentration should not be surpassed. The below lists summarize the onset, duration of action and maximal recommended doses of the injectable local anesthetics (35). The more widely used local anesthetics are lidocaine, mepivacaine, and bupivacaine (36,37). Commonly Used Local Anesthetic Agents: Lidocaine (Xylocaine): Most dilute commercial formulation: 0.5% (5 mg/mL) Onset of action (min) (infiltration): 4-10 Duration of action (min) (infiltration): 60-120 Bupivacaine (Marcaine, Sensorcaine): Most dilute commercial formulation: 0.25% (2.5 mg/mL) Onset of action (min) (infiltration): 8-12 Duration of action (min) (infiltration): 120-240 Mepivacaine (Carbocaine, Polocaine): Most dilute commercial formulation: 1% (10 mg/mL) Onset of action (min) (infiltration): 6-10 Duration of action (min) (infiltration): 90-180 Levobupivacaine (Chirocaine): Most dilute commercial formulation: 0.25% (2.5 mg/mL) Onset of action (min) (infiltration): 8-12 Duration of action (min) (infiltration): 120-240 Ropivacaine (Naropin): Most dilute commercial formulation: 0.2% (2 mg/mL) Onset of action (min) (infiltration): 8-12 Duration of action (min) (infiltration): 120-240 Maximum doses of Local anaesthetic agents: Lidocaine (Xylocaine): Most dilute commercial formulation: 0.5% (5 mg/mL) Maximal dose (mg/70 kg) (with vasoconstrictor): 300 mg (500 mg) Maximal dose (mL/70 kg) (of dilute formulation with vasoconstrictor): 60 mL (100 mL) Bupivacaine (Marcaine, Sensorcaine): Most dilute commercial formulation: 0.25% (2.5 mg/mL) Maximal dose (mg/70 kg) (with vasoconstrictor): 175 mg (225 mg) Maximal dose (mL/70 kg) (of dilute formulation with vasoconstrictor): 70 mL (90 mL) Mepivacaine (Carbocaine, Polocaine): Most dilute commercial formulation: 1% (10 mg/mL) Maximal dose (mg/70 kg) (with vasoconstrictor): 400 mg (500 mg) Maximal dose (mL/70 kg) (of dilute formulation with vasoconstrictor): 40 mL (50 mL) Levobupivacaine (Chirocaine): Most dilute commercial formulation: 0.25% (2.5 mg/mL) Maximal dose (mg/70 kg) (with vasoconstrictor): 150 mg (NR) Maximal dose (mL/70 kg) (of dilute formulation with vasoconstrictor): 60 mL Ropivacaine (Naropin): Most dilute commercial formulation: 0.2% (2 mg/mL) Maximal dose (mg/70 kg) (with vasoconstrictor): 175 mg (NR) Maximal dose (mL/70 kg) (of dilute formulation with vasoconstrictor): 87.5 mL (Maximal doses are given for use without a vasoconstrictor. Always calculate the maximal single dose taking into consideration the patient's weight and the actual concentration of the local anesthetic preparation used; hence, for a 70-kg patient, the maximal dose of 1% lidocaine without epinephrine is 30 mL. Always note whether a vasoconstrictor is added in the preparation because this alters the maximal recommended dose. For example, the maximal dose of lidocaine with epinephrine would be 500 mg/70 kg (50 mL of 1% solution of lidocaine with epinephrine). Local anesthetic toxicity Local anesthetics in higher concentrations can block sodium channels in the heart and brain leading to loss of consciousness and, seizures, heart block, malignant re-entrant rhythms with ventricular fibrillation that may be resistant to electrical defibrillation until the level of local anesthetic falls. Patients with cardiac toxicity may require prolonged cardiopulmonary resuscitation or even cardiopulmonary bypass until local anesthetic levels fall sufficiently for a normal rhythm to be restored. Bupivacaine Intravascular injection (i.e. intravenous regional anesthesia or for intra-arterial injection) and overdosage should be avoided when bupivacaine is used, as, compared with lidocaine, bupivacaine has a much lower therapeutic index i.e. cardiac arrest may occur at the same serum concentration that produces loss of consciousness or seizures. Lidocaine and Bupivacaine when injected in a well-perfused tissue, a peak serum level may occur within 30 and 40 minutes respectively. As reinjection within this time can lead to toxicity, it is safer to wait at least 20 minutes for lidocaine and 40 minutes for bupivacaine. Overdose management When signs and symptoms of local anesthetic toxicity are apparent, the local anesthetic injection should be stopped immediately and the patient's vital signs continuously monitored. In mild toxicity i.e. perioral paraesthesia and dysphoria, management should initiate with reassurance to the patient, followed by advise to take deep breaths (which makes alkalotic shift in brain tissue pH, facilitating passage of local anesthetic molecules out of nerve cell membranes), supplementing oxygen, providing bag mask positive pressure ventilation and eventually intubation if the patient loses mental alertness. In severe central nervous system toxicity, benzodiazepine, may be necessary to treat seizures. In cardiac arrest, resuscitation should be initiated until the patient recovers or until sufficient time has elapsed for the serum level to fall below toxic levels (several hours). Rapid access to cardiopulmonary bypass may effectively maintain perfusion and should be considered part of the treatment of severe toxicity, especially for the more cardiotoxic local anesthetics such as bupivacaine. The limited duration of action and narrow therapeutic level of local anaesthetics makes opioids as favoured choice in pain management. Enteral route of administration carries uncertainty of absorption and slow and unpredictable action. This makes IV administration, a preferred route. If given as needed by medical personnel, patients are at risk of receiving inadequate analgesia because providers may underestimate the pain level, overestimate the opioid effect and duration, or fear opioid abuse and side effects (25). In comparison with intermittent intramuscular or IV bolus, patient controlled analgesia (PCA) offers superior overall analgesia, especially with newer advanced PCA pumps, as it is more likely to keep stable plasma concentrations of drug within the therapeutic window, with fewer peaks and valleys of drug effect. At the same time, patients tend to use less drug and have fewer side effects. ER  - 
Exposure to lamotrigine and risk of severe cutaneous adverse drug reactions (SCARS) among patients with bipolar disorder, seizure, and depression$$$ Background: Antiepileptic drugs are known to increase the risk of severe cutaneous adverse drug reactions (SCARs), but the results of studies assessing the risk of SCARs induced by lamotrigine were relatively scarce. Objectives: This study was aimed at examining the association of lamotrigine and the risk of SCARs in patients with bipolar disorder, seizure, and depression. Methods: A nested case-control study was conducted using the Korea National Health Insurance claims database from 2011 through 2015. Patients with bipolar disorder, seizure, and depression were included as a cohort group. Cases were defined as those patients hospitalized due to Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS; ICD-10, L511) or toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN; L512) from April 2011 to December 2015 with no previous history of SCAR for at least 3 months prior to cohort entry. Each case was matched with 20 controls having no diagnosis of the SCARs and subcutaneous diseases (L00-L99) on age (±3 years), gender, and date of cohort entry (±60 days) during the entire study period. The index date was the date of hospitalization with a diagnosis of SCAR of the cases and the same date of the matched controls. The use of lamotrigine was assessed during the 30 days, 30-60 days, over 60 days before the index date. A conditional logistic regression model was used to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for SCARs associated with lamotrigine compared with no use. We adjusted for potential confounders including age, gender, comorbidities, and co-medications including other antiepileptic drugs. Results: We defined 496 cases of SCAR and 9,920 matched controls. Among cases, those who diagnosed as SJS, TEN, and SJS/TEN overlap was 398 (80.2%), 84 (16.9%), and 14 (2.8%), respectively. The adjusted ORs for SCAR associated with lamotrigine use within 30 days, 30-60 days, over 60 days were 23.73 (95% CI: 15.17-37.12), 13.38 (95% CI: 4.39-40.81), 0.99 (95% CI: 0.34-2.93), respectively. Conclusions: Our study suggests that lamotrigine is associated with the increased risk of SCARs especially within 60 days after initiating lamotrigine. Close monitoring is recommended when initiating lamotrigine treatment. ER  - 
The epidemiology of Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis in the UK$$$ Background: Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) are rare but lifethreatening mucocutaneous diseases. SJS/TEN mostly manifest as a reaction to new drug use, but little is known about their incidence and epidemiology. Objectives: To analyse the epidemiology of SJS/TEN in the UK. Methods: We calculated incidence rates of SJS/TEN using a previously extensively validated study population consisting of 551 SJS/TEN cases from the UK-based Clinical Practice Research Datalink. We further conducted a matched (1:4) case-control study in 488 cases with ≥180 days of active history in the database prior to the date of the first recorded SJS/ TEN diagnosis. In conditional logistic regression analyses (multivariable if ≥3 exposed cases/controls), we calculated odds ratios for incident SJS/TEN in association with life-style factors, ethnicity, and various comorbidities. Results: We calculated an incidence rate of 5.76 SJS/ TEN cases/million person-years between 1995 and 2013, which was consistent throughout the study period, and was highest in patients aged 1-10 years and ≥80 years. Black and Asian patients were at a twofold risk of SJS/TEN when compared to Caucasians. Among patients with epilepsy and gout, odds ratios for SJS/TEN were only significantly increased in the presence of recent new drug treatment with antiepileptics or allopurinol, respectively. We observed statistically significant associations between SJS/ TEN and pre-existing depression, lupus erythematosus, recent pneumonia, chronic kidney disease, and active cancer, but confounding by drug use needs to be followed up. Conclusions: This large and longitudinal observational study on the epidemiology of SJS/TEN contributes to the understanding of this yet under-investigated severe skin disease in a European and largely Caucasian study population. ER  - 
Anticonvulsants and mood stabilizers prescribing during pregnancy in France between 2007 and 2014: A study based on the French healthcare databases$$$ Background: Anticonvulsants and mood stabilizers constitute one of the most frequent chronic teratogen exposures, each individual drug possessing its own associated risk. Objectives: To assess the levels and trends in anticonvulsants and mood stabilizers prescribing during pregnancy in France between 2007 and 2014 using data from a large nationwide medico-administrative database. Methods: Pregnancies were identified by their outcomes (live births, stillbirths, ectopic pregnancies, abortions) using the French healthcare databases (SNIIRAM-PMSI). Date of conception was calculated by subtracting gestational age from date of pregnancy outcome. Women were considered exposed if they were reimbursed for an anticonvulsant and or a mood stabilizer from one month before up to 2 months after pregnancy onset. Results: This study included over all the study period 7,559,701 pregnancies, of which 1.9 per 1000 were exposed to valproic acid (VPA), 1.9 to lamotrigine (LTG), 0.6 to carbamazepine (CBZ), 0.6 to levetiracetam (LVT), 0.2 to lithium (LI) and 0.1 to phenobarbital (PHB). The number of women exposed during pregnancy to VPA, CBZ and PHB decreased from respectively 2316 to 1333 (-42%), 655 to 425 (-35%) and 187 to 79 (-58%) between 2007 and 2014. As regards VPA indication, a steeper decrease was observed for epilepsy than bipolar disorder (-56% vs. -18%). The number of women exposed to LI, LTG and LVT increased by respectively 12%, 58% and 203%, reaching 210, 2116 and 819 in 2014. The frequency of exposure to LTG and LVT remained stable throughout pregnancy but decreased for VPA, with differences according to VPA indication: Among all women exposed to VPA during pregnancy, 85% (epilepsy) and 94% (bipolar disorder) were exposed during the first trimester, while 68% (epilepsy) and 15% (bipolar disorder) were exposed during the second trimester. Abortion represented 15% of all pregnancy outcomes for LTG, 22% for LVT, 24% for CBZ, 20% for PHB, 35% for LI, 22% for VPA with an indication for the treatment of epilepsy and 41% for bipolar disorder. Conclusions: Exposure to the most teratogenic anticonvulsants and mood stabilizers during pregnancy decreased but exposure to VPA remains still high. Reinforced education of both patients and prescribers regarding the risks associated with VPA should help to reduce exposure during pregnancy. ER  - 
Determinants of antipsychotic use in elderly patients following ischemic stroke$$$ Background: Elderly patientswith ischemic stroke could be frequently at risk for psychological symptoms. According to American Geriatrics Society guideline, antipsychotics (APs) are the first-line pharmacological intervention for psychological symptoms in stroke, despite previous studies have suggested the use of APs could increase mortality risk in elderly peoples. However, there is limited literature providing epidemiologic information related with AP use after ischemic stroke. Objectives: To investigate the incidence and associated factors of AP use in elderly patients after ischemic stroke. Methods: Setting: we conducted a retrospective cohort study to identify patients who were admitted for first-ever ischemic stroke (ICD-9 codes: 433, 434) in Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database from 2001 to 2012. The index date was the discharge date, and the patients should be aged ≥65 years old at index date. All baseline variables were retrieved from claims during the one-year look-back period. Patients were excluded if they had AP prescriptions prior to index date, no record of sex, or died during stroke hospitalization. Main outcome measures: AP use. Statistical analysis: The incidence of AP use (person- years [PYs]) was estimated under Poisson regression during study period. To evaluate factors associated with AP use during 1 year period after index date, the Cox cause-specific hazard model was used. Results: A total of 250,656 patients were admitted for first-ever ischemic stroke during 2001-2012. About 54% were male and the mean age was 76 years. Overall, the incidence of APs use was 64/1,000 PYs (95% CI 64-65). The incidence of second-generation AP use was higher than that of first-generation AP use. The most commonly used APs was quetiapine (22.2/1,000 PYs [95% CI 21.9-22.5]). Stratified by age and sex, the incidence of APs use increased with age and was greater in male than female. The factors associated with AP use were histories of psychiatric disorders, CHF, epilepsy, Parkinson's disease, diabetes mellitus, COPD, CKD, cancer, and uses of antidepressant, BZD, antidiabetes agents, systemic steroids, antieoplastic agents, dopaminergic agents and opioids. Conclusions: The most commonly used AP was quetiapine in post-ischemic stroke elderly. Patients who were male, older age, more mental and physical diseases were more likely to be prescribed APs. ER  - 
Cognitive behavioural therapy vs standardised medical care for adults with dissociative non-epileptic seizures (codes): Update on a pragmatic randomised controlled trial$$$ Objective Our UK-based multi-centre randomised controlled trial (RCT) will evaluate the clinical and cost effectiveness of Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) (plus Standardised Medical Care-SMC) in contrast to SMC alone in adults with dissociative (psychogenic nonepileptic) seizures (DS). This trial is powered to provide evidence for the effectiveness of CBT tailored to DS in this patient group. Method Following receipt of their diagnosis and further information about their disorder from a neurologist/epilepsy specialist, recruited adults with DS have their DS frequency monitored every two weeks. They then attend a psychiatric assessment three months later and receive further DS-related information. If patients' DS have continued to occur within the previous 8 weeks and they meet other study eligibility criteria, they are asked to consent to complete baseline measures and are then randomised to receive either 12 sessions of CBT (and a booster session) plus SMC or SMC alone. DS frequency continues to be monitored fortnightly. Follow-up data are collected at 6 and 12 months after randomisation. Our primary outcome is monthly DS frequency at 12 months' post randomisation; we will also evaluate outcomes relating to DS severity/freedom, psychological status, quality of life, and formal/informal service use. We also plan to undertake qualitative interviews of participants' and healthcare professionals' experiences of the interventions. Results Over 40 clinical services in England, Scotland and Wales have been recruiting and/or treating patients for the trial. By late October 2016 at least 592 patients had been recruited from neurology/epilepsy services to the screening phase; we had randomised at least 266 patients into the RCT. We have been undertaking both 6 and 12 month follow-up assessments. Conclusion We will present more details about the design and up-to-date progress of the trial. Despite many challenges posed by an RCT of this extent and with this patient group, our trial illustrates both the need for care pathways for this patient group and that large numbers of patients with DS are interested in research into and treatments for their disorder. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures and functional motor symptoms: A common aetiopathology?$$$ Objective Recently, few studies have tried to compare patients affected by psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and patients affected by functional motor symptoms (FMS) from a demographic, clinical and psychological angle. Nevertheless, as far as we are aware, no previous study has compared those two groups from an aetiopathological point of view. The aim of our study was to assess levels of dissociation and its subcomponents (detachment and compartmentalization), alexithymia and interoceptive sensitivity in patients with PNES and in patients with FMS. Method We conducted a cross-sectional study recruiting 20 patients with PNES, 20 patients with FMS and 20 healthy subjects as a control group. All subjects underwent: Dissociative Experience Scale (DES), Somatoform Dissociation Questionnaire SDQ-20), Cambridge Depersonalization Scale (CDS), Toronto Alexithymia Scale (TAS-20), Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D), Hamilton Rating Scale for anxiety (HAM-A), heart beat detection task. Results Our data suggest that PNES group scored significantly higher than the healthy control group on a measure of detachment CDS). As a result also the DES score, which is a measure of psychoform dissociation, was significantly higher that the healthy control group. On the other hand patients affected by FMS scored significantly higher than the healthy control group on a measure of compartmentalization but were no more likely to report experiences of detachment on the CDS. Our data suggest that patients affected by PNES and FMS are significantly more alexithymic than healthy controls, with a third of them patients reaching full criteria for alexithymia. Conclusion We propose a model where a different stressor (psychological for PNES and physical for FMS) leads to the development of the specific symptom through specific aetiopathological mechanisms. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidity and quality of life in drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Objective Epilepsy is a brain disorder characterised by an enduring predisposition to develop seizures. While most patients achieve seizure control with antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment, some develop refractory epilepsy. These patients have been known to present with important psychiatric comorbidity and to be negatively impacted by the disease in their quality of life. The reported prevalence of psychiatric disorders and assessment of quality of life in patients with refractory epilepsy varies greatly due to methodological differences between studies and the lack of use of adequate measurement instruments. Also, treatment efforts often focus on seizure control, when several other factors have been shown to significantly influence the quality of life of these patients. The aim of the present study is to determine the point-prevalence of psychiatric disorders in a homogenous group of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy and to analyse possible predictors of psychopathology and quality of life. Method This was a retrospective medical records review. The sample were adult patients with drug-resistant mesial temporal lobe epilepsy associated with hippocampal sclerosis being considered for epilepsy surgery at the Hospital of Egas Moniz in Lisbon, from January 2014 to July 2016. Psychiatric diagnoses were based on the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview and health-related quality of life was assessed with the Qualityof-Life in Epilepsy Inventory. Point-prevalence ratios for each psychiatric diagnosis were calculated. Predictors of psychiatric comorbidity and of quality of life were analysed with multiple logistic regression models and stepwise, backward-elimination linear regression models, respectively. Results A total of 26 records were included. Point-prevalence ratio of psychiatric disorders was 31%. Absolute frequencies were: generalised anxiety disorder (3), agoraphobia (2), adjustment disorder (2), social phobia (1) and major depressive episode (1). No significant predictor of psychiatric comorbidity was identified. The female gender, AED polypharmacy and a diagnosis of a mood disorder were significant predictors of a lower overall quality of life. Seizure frequency only predicted lower scores in the seizure worry and social function scales, while right-sided hippocampal sclerosis predicted a better score in those domains. Conclusion Point-prevalence of psychiatric comorbidity was in line with previous research. The high prevalence of anxiety disorders, which are often under-recognised and undertreated, should alert clinicians to actively screen and treat these conditions. The concurrent association of various AED can lower the patient's overall quality of life, while seizure frequency showed only a modest impact on well-being. Therapeutic decisions should reflect this reality and not focus solely on seizure control. While the precise relationship between neuropathology and psychosocial variables remains elusive, the observed asymmetric effect of HS laterality on some of the quality of life domains should be further studied. ER  - 
Patients' perspectives of living with epilepsy or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: A thematic analysis investigating patients' writings$$$ Objective This study examines the subjective experience of living with epilepsy or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) by qualitatively analysing patients' written accounts. Qualitative methodologies can produce fine grained and rich detail, as patients are able to describe, in their own words, what is important to them. Writing is an individual act allowing for private exploration and expression, and has previously been used to reveal insights into the phenomenology of other conditions. Method Patients were recruited from a United Kingdom hospital and from membership-led organisations for individuals living with seizures. This dataset was collected in the context of a randomised control trial investigating a writing intervention for patients with seizures. The current data was captured by asking patients to handwrite or type: about their very deepest thoughts and feelings about their condition; a letter to their condition; a letter to their younger self; and about a personal value and why it is important to them. Patients were asked to write for at least 20 min per question, at home, in private and on separate days. Questions were used to guide patients towards reflecting on their experiences of living with seizures. The four questions were adapted from the literature investigating writing therapies for clinical populations. All the writings were analysed thematically using a theory and data driven approach. Results Patients with epilepsy (n=20) and PNES (n=19) were matched on sample size, age, gender, education, quality of life, seizure severity, and words written. In the writings of patients with epilepsy, five key-themes and 22 sub-themes emerged from the data. The five themes reflected experiences of seizure onset, seizure symptoms, treatment and outcome, living with epilepsy, and displays of coping. In patients with PNES, six key-themes and 29 sub-themes emerged. The six themes reflected accounts of: aetiology and development, seizure symptoms, emotions, living with PNES, lack of understanding by themselves, others, and healthcare professionals, and treatment and outcome. Conclusion Thematic differences were observed between the two conditions. Patients with PNES regularly described their symptoms and how people have reacted to their condition, especially themselves and healthcare professionals. Patients with epilepsy focused on how the condition has affected their lives, in which, they portray themselves as coping and 'fighting' to live a 'normal' life. The findings from this study add to the growing research applying qualitative methodologies to investigate the phenomenology of epilepsy and PNES. Understanding patients' experiences can hold diagnostic, treatment and prognostic implications. ER  - 
Audit of functional neurology inpatient care on kent ward in 2014/15$$$ Aims We aimed to review care of those who received treatment on Kent ward for functional neurological symptoms between 08/02/2014 and 30/03/2015. The type of admission, management, outcomes and other characteristics of patients were highlighted. This information can be used in the development of patient services offered. Introduction St George's Hospitals Kent ward is a specialist acute neurological care unit. It is a tertiary regional unit for patients from South West London and Surrey that require treatment for complex neurological conditions. Functional neurological symptoms (FNS) is described as one or more symptoms of altered voluntary motor or sensory function. Symptoms that can lead to admission are for example: weakness or paralysis, abnormal movements, speech symptoms, attacks or seizures, anaesthesia or sensory loss and other sensory symptoms (visual, hearing etc.)1 It has been demonstrated that a specialised multidisciplinary inpatient care programme can be beneficial to patients.2 St George's Hospital Kent ward has frequent admissions of patients with FNS undergoing inpatient treatment and a dedicated programme for the treatment of these patients is planned. Methods A retrospective analysis of patient records was performed for patients who were admitted to Kent ward during 2014/15. The patients were selected from a neuropsychiatry database. 26 patient records were reviewed electronically and others in paper form (a transition period in record keeping). Age, Sex, Length of Stay (LoS), Health professionals involved, inpatient investigations, main diagnosis, secondary diagnoses and other psychiatric diagnoses were recorded for each patient. Diagnoses were categorised into: Functional Motor/Sensory, NonEpileptic Attack Disorder (NEAD), Pain and Other. Patient origin, prior LoS in district general hospital (DGH), time taken to transfer from DGH to Kent ward were recorded when available. Results Out of the 26 patient records reviewed there was a 2.25:1 female to male ratio. The mean patient age was 43 (Range: 20-90). The median LoS was 5 days (IQR: 3,11). The LoS for specific diagnoses: 92% of patients had a co-morbid diagnosis, including neurological, musculoskeletal, endocrine and developmental disorders. 40% of those diagnosed with NEAD had a previous epilepsy diagnosis. 46% of those diagnosed with functional symptoms also had a co-morbid psychiatric diagnosis; a third of these was of depression. For 15 patients, the patient origin was recorded; Home-40%, A+E-40%, Ashford St Peter's Hospital-20%. Discussion The patient characteristics demonstrated fit those described previously: Higher incidence in females, peak age of onset in 4th decade and presence of co-morbid neurological and psychiatric disease as a risk factor.1 The treatment of patients, shown in figure 3, generally involves a multidisciplinary team. This has been shown to be beneficial to patient outcomes.2-5 Patients with functional neurological symptoms frequently have relatively short LoS but do require investigations in an acute inpatient unit. Expert acute multidisciplinary care provision might be beneficial to outcomes but the role of acute inpatient care and consideration for transfer to specialised physiotherapy based and the role and timing of multidisciplinary specialised care needs to be investigated. Limitations There may have been a selection bias due to the patient list originating from a neuropsychiatry database although they do see almost all patient with functional neurological symptoms. This may have affected results. No data on outcome were routinely available. Conclusions St George's Kent ward receives a wide spectrum of patients with different FNS and virtually all also have co-morbid diagnoses. Length of stay is acceptable and investigations are often needed. Future research regarding best pathways for diagnosis and treatment is needed. ER  - 
Non-epileptic attacks: Establishing the patient population presenting to university hospital southampton$$$ Objective To establish the prevalence of non-epileptic attack disorder within a large teaching hospital and compare this population with that in the current literature, Establish proportion of patients with co-morbid epilepsy, Identify prevalence of diagnosed psychiatric co-morbidity in this population group, Review of the management received by this patient cohort. Method A retrospective study over the time period June 2014-May 2015, A search was performed on the trust electronic documents using the following keywords: "Non-epileptic attacks"; "NEAD"; "Pseudo seizures"; "Pseudo seizures"; "Dissociative seizures"; "Functional seizures"; "Psychogenic seizures"; "Conversion disorder", NHS numbers of patients with any of the key word diagnoses were collected and electronic records of these patients were reviewed for demographics, diagnoses and management. Results 162 patients were identified who had a diagnosis of nonepileptic attack disorder. 78% female, 22% male, 50% of female patients and 42% of male patients were diagnosed before the age of 30. The most prevalent age range for women with NEAD was 18-30 years old. There were two most prevalent age ranges for men with NEAD: 18-30 years old and the older age range of 45 years and above. 96% of patients were seen by a neurologist; 42% were seen by a psychiatrist. 22% of patients presented to A and E with non-epileptic attacks. 35% of people with nonepileptic attacks had comorbid epilepsy. 57% of people had a diagnosed psychopathology: 26% had an anxiety-related disorder and 36% had depression. Of the 31 people with NEAD who were in employment, 45% worked in a health care setting, either as a nurse, medical student, health care assistant or in the ambulance service. Conclusion The demographics in the local area are similar to that described in the literature about non-epileptic attacks. The disorder is more common in women, with a higher proportion of younger women affected. Comorbid psychiatric illness is common, with anxiety and depression the most prevalent diagnoses. In the local population, neurology services saw the majority of patients, with just under half being seen by a psychiatrist. Almost a quarter of patients were seen in the emergency department with non-epileptic attacks. These findings are important in service developments for these patients. ER  - 
Physical comorbidity in schizophrenia & its correlates$$$ The presence of common physical comorbidities, their demographic and clinical correlates and impact on functioning was assessed in 100 patients with schizophrenia. The patients had a mean age of 35.12±10.7 yr with mean duration of illness of 8.3±0.58 years. Seventy per cent were detected to have a comorbid physical condition. Common conditions included hypertension (21%), diabetes mellitus (15%) and anaemia (12%). Increasing age, being female, being married, longer duration of illness and longer duration of treatment were associated with higher risk of having a comorbid physical illness. Further studies need to be done with a large sample to confirm these findings. ER  - 
Thirty-day readmission rates following deep brain stimulation surgery$$$ BACKGROUND: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has emerged as a safe and efficacious surgical intervention for several movement disorders; however, the 30-day all-cause readmission rate associated with this procedure has not previously been documented. OBJECT: To perform a retrospective cohort study to estimate the 30-day all-cause readmission rate associated with DBS. METHODS: We reviewed medical records of patients over the age of 18 who underwent DBS surgery at Pennsylvania Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania between 2009 and 2014. We identified patients who were readmitted to an inpatient medical facility within 30 days from their initial discharge. RESULTS: Over the study period, 23 (6.6%) of 347 DBS procedures resulted in a readmission to the hospital within 30 days. Causes of readmission were broadly categorized into surgery-related (3.7%): intracranial lead infection (0.6%), battery-site infection (0.6%), intracranial hematoma along the electrode tract (0.6%), battery-site hematoma (0.9%), and seizures (1.2%); and nonsurgery-related (2.9%): altered mental status (1.8%), nonsurgical-site infections (0.6%), malnutrition and poor wound healing (0.3%), and a pulse generator malfunction requiring reprogramming (0.3%). Readmissions could be predicted by the presence of medical comorbidities (P < .001), but not by age, gender, or length of stay (Ps > .15). CONCLUSION: All-cause 30-day readmission for DBS is 6.6%. This compares favorably to previously studied neurosurgical procedures. Readmissions frequently resulted from surgery-related complications, particularly infection, seizures, and hematomas, and were significantly associated with the presence of medical comorbidities (P < .001). ER  - 
Maternal thyroid function in early pregnancy and child neurodevelopmental disorders: A Danish nationwide case-cohort study of 9,650 children$$$ Objectives: The hypothesis of fetal programming by maternal thyroid disease is biologically plausible, but more studies in humans on child neurodevelopmental disorders are needed to expand the concept. Methods: Case-cohort study within the Danish National Birth Cohort (established 1997-2003). The study included a randomly selected 12% sub cohort (n=7,624) and all cases (n=2,276) in the entire cohort with a diagnosis of epilepsy, febrile seizure, specific developmental disorder (SDD), autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and/or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) up to December 31, 2010. All women included had a blood sample drawn in early pregnancy (median week 9) which was stored in the Danish National Biobank and used for measurement of free T4 (fT4) and TSH. Method- and week-specific reference ranges (2.5-/97.5-percentiles) were used for classification of maternal thyroid function. Weighted Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) with 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for child neurodevelopmental disorders. Results: Overall, abnormal maternal thyroid function was more frequent among cases (14.2%) than in the sub cohort (12.5%), p=0.021. Maternal hypothyroidism (aHR 1.75 (95% CI 1.12-2.73) and overt hyperthyroidism (2.18 (1.08-4.39)) was associated with ASD in the child. For epilepsy, unknown maternal hypothyroidism (TSH above 10 mIU/l) was a risk factor (aHR 3.45 (1.19-10.0)) as was unknown overt hyperthyroidism for cases diagnosed within the first year of life (aHR 2.95 (1.03-8.44)). Isolated low fT4 (with normal TSH) was associated with ASD and ADHD, and this association was modified by child gender (Table). No associations were observed for outcomes of SDD and febrile seizure. Conclusions: Abnormal maternal thyroid function in early pregnancy was significantly associated with epilepsy, ASD and ADHD in the child, but not with the less pervasive disorders. Associations differed by subtype of exposure and by child age and gender. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial on the role of preemptive analgesia with acetaminophen [paracetamol] in reducing headache following electroconvulsive therapy [ECT]$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and efficient treatment for several severe psychiatric disorders, but its use is limited by side effects. Post-ECT headache is one of the commonest side effects. Preemptive analgesia is effective in post-surgical pain management. The most commonly used analgesic is acetaminophen (paracetamol). However, acetaminophen as a preemptive analgesic for post-ECT headache has not been studied adequately. This study was conducted to compare the incidence and severity of post-ECT headache in patients who were administered acetaminophen pre-ECT with a placebo group. Methods: This study was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Sixty-three patients received 1 g acetaminophen and 63 patients received a placebo identical to acetaminophen. The incidence and severity of headache 2 h before and after ECT were compared between placebo and acetaminophen groups. The severity was measured using a visual analog scale. Generalised linear models were used to evaluate variables associated with post ECT headache. Results: Demographic and clinical variables of placebo and acetaminophen groups were comparable except for the energy level used to induce a seizure. Higher proportion of the placebo group (71.4%) experienced post-ECT headache when compared to the acetaminophen group (p < 0.001). The median pain score for headache was 0 (Inter quartile range: 0-2) in acetaminophen group whereas the score was 2 (IQR: 0-4) in placebo group (P < 0.001). Model fitting showed that the administration of acetaminophen is associated with less post-ECT headache (odds ratio = 0.23, 95% CI: 0.11-0.48, P < 0.001). Conclusion: A significant reduction was seen in both the incidence and severity of post-ECT headache with preemptive analgesia with acetaminophen. Trial registration: Ethical approval was granted by an Ethic review committee, University of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka (P/166/10/2015) and the trial was registered in the Sri Lanka Clinical Trials Registry (SLCTR/2015/27). ER  - 
A retrospective record review and assessment of cost of quetiapine use in a community psychiatric setting in the Sedibeng district of Gauteng$$$ Background: With the revision of the National Essential Medicines List in South Africa, quetiapine is only available at the discretion of individual institutions in the public health sector. However, quetiapine is effective in managing all aspects of bipolar disorder, including preventative treatment of depressive episodes, and may be a cost-effective option in severe illness. Aim: To present the first retrospective review of quetiapine use in a peri-urban health district of South Africa, describing the patient profile, clinical response and prescribing patterns. Methods: The clinical files of all patients in Sedibeng District who received quetiapine over a defined 3-year period (2011-2013) were reviewed. A positive clinical response was defined as both symptomatic and functional improvement. Demographic and clinical characteristics of responders were compared with that of non-responders. Pre-and post-quetiapine scripts of the responders were audited and costed. Results: Patients who received quetiapine (n = 40) had chronic disabling illness, often with multiple medication trials and hospitalisations prior to quetiapine use. Bipolar II disorder (followed by bipolar I disorder) was the most common primary psychiatric diagnosis documented. Other than improvement in functioning (p < 0.0001), responders differed significantly from non-responders in terms of a higher level of polypharmacy and a significant reduction in median number of medications from pre-to post-quetiapine (p = 0.0057). Conclusion: Quetiapine use was associated with a highly significant improvement in functioning; however, it came at a 52% increase in medicine cost. Pre-quetiapine treatments, though, did not achieve an optimal level of functioning, and overall costs may be reduced by more rational prescribing habits. ER  - 
Help seeking and suicidality among people with epilepsy in a rural low income country setting: Cross-sectional survey$$$ Backgrounds: Epilepsy is a serious neurological disorder associated with a high level of psychiatric comorbidity. Suicidality is a recognised complication of epilepsy. As part of developing an integrated service for people with epilepsy (PWE) and priority psychiatric disorders within primary care, a cross-sectional study was conducted in a rural district in Ethiopia to investigate patterns of help-seeking, suicidality and the association with duration of untreated epilepsy (DUE) among PWE. Methods: Cases were identified through community key informants and diagnosis was confirmed by trained primary care clinicians. Severity of epilepsy, depression and suicidality were assessed using standardised methods. Multivariable regression analysis was used to test the hypothesis that suicidality was associated with DUE. Results: The majority of PWE sought help from both religious and biomedical healing centres. The lifetime treatment gap for biomedical care was 26.9%, with a 12 month treatment gap of 56.7%. Close to one-third (29.9%) of participants reported using traditional and cultural healing practices. Nearly one-third (30.2%) of participants reported suicidality (suicidal ideation, plan or attempt) in the previous 1 year. The median (IQR) DUE was 24 months (4-72). There was no association between DUE and suicidality. In the multivariable model, being married [odds ratio (OR) 2.81, 95% CI 1.22, 6.46], increased depressive symptoms (OR 1.17, 95% CI 1.10, 1.26) and perceived poorer wealth relative to others (OR 2.67, 95% CI 1.07, 6.68) were associated independently with suicidality. Conclusion: In this study, PWE sought help from both biomedical and religious healing centres. Suicidality and depression have a high prevalence in PWE in this setting. Integrated mental and neurological health care within primary care is needed for improved holistic management of epilepsy. ER  - 
Prevalence of epilepsy in 74,949 school children in Khartoum State, Sudan$$$ Background: Data on childhood epilepsy in Sudan are scarce and the only published study on its prevalence was published in 1983. This study aimed to determine the current prevalence of epilepsy in school children in Khartoum State. Methods: This is an analytical population-based, cross-sectional study conducted in Khartoum State, Sudan. The study included students in the basic (primary) schools aged 6–14 years. Simple random sampling was used to draw a cluster of four of the seven localities comprising Khartoum State. The sample frame consisted of 1609 public schools (808,624 pupils) and 787 private schools (194,613 pupils), a total of 2396 schools (1,003,237 pupils). A sample size of 75 940 pupils was estimated and 250 schools were drawn from a sample frame of 2396 schools using a stratified random sampling technique. Consent was obtained from the headmaster/head teacher of the selected schools who arranged a meeting with the tutor/teacher responsible for each class. The study team asked whether any of the pupils was ever noticed or known to have had any kind of seizures, and a confidential letter was sent to the parents of each identified pupil. The letter included an explanation of the aims of the study, information on the research group and the kind of help the research group could offer; contact numbers and email addresses were made available if they wished to participate in this study. Those who consented to participate were then given an appointment at the Epilepsy Outpatient Department, Gaafar Ibnauf Children’s Hospital, Khartoum where they were evaluated by the paediatric neurologist. Results: Altogether, 74,949 pupils were enrolled for the study, 398 of whom were identified initially as having seizures and 332 of whom (83.4%) were identified by a paediatric neurologist. Of the 332, 303 (91.3%) proved to have epileptic seizures, 250 (82.5%) were known to have epilepsy, and 53 (17.5%) were newly diagnosed during the survey. The male to female ratio was 1.5:1. The total prevalence of epilepsy in Khartoum State was estimated to be 4/1000. The highest prevalence was in Jabal Awliya Locality (4.87/1000) and the lowest was in Khartoum Locality (3.35/1000). Twenty-nine (8.7%) patients proved to have non-epileptic seizures. The majority (15, 51.6%) had psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, and four (13.6%) had syncope. The majority (171, 56.43%) of patients had generalised epilepsy, 109 (35.97%) had focal epilepsy, and 23 (7.6%) had unclassified epilepsy. Conclusion: The prevalence of epilepsy in school children in Khartoum State (4/1000) is higher than that reported previously from Khartoum Province in 1983 (0.9/1000). ER  - 
Risk of Epilepsy in Individuals with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Nationwide Longitudinal Study$$$ Objective Several cross-sectional studies have reported a relationship between posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and epilepsy. However, the temporal association between PTSD and epilepsy has rarely been investigated. We hypothesized that the risk of developing epilepsy later in life would be higher in patients with PTSD than in those without PTSD. Methods Using the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database, 6425 individuals with PTSD and 24,980 age-/sex-matched controls were enrolled between 2002 and 2009 in our study and followed up to the end of 2011. Those who developed epilepsy during the follow-up period were identified. Results Individuals with PTSD had a higher incidence of developing epilepsy (2.65 versus 0.33 per 1000 person-years, p <.001), with an earlier onset of epilepsy (37.53 years [15.80 years] versus 48.11 years [23.97 years], p =.002) than did the controls. Individuals with PTSD had an elevated risk of developing epilepsy (hazard ratio [HR] = 3.72, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 2.27-6.11) during the follow-up after adjustment for demographic data and medical and psychiatric comorbidities. Sensitivity analyses after excluding the observation in the first year (HR = 2.53, 95% CI = 1.44-4.47) and the first 3 years (HR = 2.14, 95% CI = 1.15-4.01) revealed consistent results. Conclusions These results supported a temporal association between PTSD and the development of epilepsy. Further studies are warranted to investigate the underlying pathophysiological pathways that explain the longitudinal association of PTSD with subsequent epilepsy. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of direct-acting antiviral regimens in HIV/HCV-co-infected patients – French ANRS CO13 HEPAVIH cohort$$$ Background & Aims There is little data available on the use of new oral direct-acting antiviral (DAA) regimens to treat human immunodeficiency virus and hepatitis C virus (HIV/HCV) co-infected patients in real-life settings. Here, the efficacy and safety of all-oral DAA-based regimens in HIV/HCV-co-infected patients enrolled in the French nationwide ANRS CO13 HEPAVIH observational cohort are reported. Methods HIV/HCV-co-infected patients enrolled in the ANRS CO13 HEPAVIH observational cohort were included if they began an all-oral DAA-based regimen before 1st May 2015 (12-week regimens) or 1st February 2015 (24-week regimens). Treatment success (SVR12) was defined by undetectable HCV-RNA 12 weeks after treatment cessation. Exact logistic regression analysis was used to identify factors associated with SVR12. Results A total of 323 patients (74% men) with a median age of 53 years were included, 99% of whom were on combination antiretroviral therapy (cART). HIV RNA load was <50 copies/ml in 88% of patients; median CD4 cell count was 540/mm3; 60% of patients were cirrhotic; 68% had previously received unsuccessful anti-HCV treatment. cART was protease inhibitor (PI)-based in 23%, non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI)-based in 15%, and integrase inhibitor (II)-based in 38%, while 24% of patients received other regimens. The SVR12 rate was 93.5% overall (95% confidence interval [CI]: 90.2–95.9), 93.3% (88.8–96.4) in patients with cirrhosis and 93.8% (88.1–97.3) in patients without cirrhosis. The SVR12 rates were 93.1% (84.5–97.7), 91.8% (80.4–97.7) and 95.8% (90.5–98.6) respectively, in patients receiving PI-based, NNRTI-based and II-based cART. In adjusted analysis, SVR12 was not associated with HIV RNA load, the cART regimen, cirrhosis, prior anti-HCV treatment, the duration of anti-HCV therapy, or ribavirin use. The most common adverse effects were fatigue and digestive disorders. Conclusions New all-oral DAA regimens were well-tolerated and yielded high SVR12 rates in HIV/HCV-co-infected patients. Lay summary We evaluated efficacy and safety of all-oral DAA regimens in a large French nationwide observational cohort study of HIV/HCV co-infected patients. Sustained virological response 12 weeks after treatment cessation was 93.5% overall. The all-oral DAA regimens were well-tolerated and most common adverse effects were fatigue and digestive disorders. ER  - 
Thalamic DBS with a constant-current device in essential tremor: A controlled clinical trial$$$ Introduction This study of thalamic deep brain stimulation (DBS) investigated whether a novel constant-current device improves tremor and activities of daily living (ADL) in patients with essential tremor (ET). Methods A prospective, controlled, multicenter study was conducted at 12 academic centers. We investigated the safety and efficacy of unilateral and bilateral constant-current DBS of the ventralis intermedius (VIM) nucleus of the thalamus in patients with essential tremor whose tremor was inadequately controlled by medications. The primary outcome measure was a rater-blinded assessment of the change in the target limb tremor score in the stimulation-on versus stimulation-off state six months following surgery. Multiple secondary outcomes were assessed at one-year follow-up, including motor, mood, and quality-of-life measures. Results 127 patients were implanted with VIM DBS. The blinded, primary outcome variable (n = 76) revealed a mean improvement of 1.25 ± 1.26 points in the target limb tremor rating scale (TRS) score in the arm contralateral to DBS (p &#x003C; 0.001). Secondary outcome variables at one year revealed significant improvements (p ≤ 0.001) in quality of life, depression symptoms, and ADL scores. Forty-seven patients had a second contralateral VIM-DBS, and this group demonstrated reduction in second-sided tremor at 180 days (p &#x003C; 0.001). Serious adverse events related to the surgery included infection (n = 3), intracranial hemorrhage (n = 3), and device explantation (n = 3). Conclusion Unilateral and bilateral constant-current VIM DBS significantly improves upper extremity tremor, ADL, quality of life, and depression in patients with severe ET. ER  - 
Valproate-Induced Hyperammonemic Encephalopathy in General Hospital Patients With One or More Psychiatric Disorders$$$ Background Divalproex sodium/valproic acid (VPA) is an antiepileptic drug approved for use in epilepsy and bipolar disorder. Valproate-induced hyperammonemia occurs in up to 50% of VPA-treated patients, some of whom may become encephalopathic. Valproate-induced hyperammonemic encephalopathy (VHE) is thought to be rare, and for a variety of reasons, the diagnosis requires a high index of suspicion. Objective The study's goals are to determine how common VHE is, and the quality of treatment provided when diagnosed. Methods Retrospective, cross-sectional survey of general hospital patients. The hospital's laboratory and pharmacy databases were combined to identify a cohort of all VPA-treated patients who developed hyperammonemia during a 5-year period. Hospital records of the subset of patients with a psychiatric disorder were selected and reviewed for data collection. Results Twenty of 793 (2.52%) VPA-treated patients had signs and symptoms consistent with VHE. The majority were White males on multiple psychotropic agents. Valproate was appropriately discontinued in 8 (40%) patients. Lactulose was the only ammonia-lowering drug used, and it was administered to 6 patients and only one among them had VPA discontinued. Conclusion Study results indicate that VHE may be more common in psychiatric patients than previously assumed but underrecognized and inadequately treated. The diagnosis of VHE requires a high index of suspicion. Outcome is favorable once it is recognized and treated appropriately. ER  - 
Medical Conditions in the First Years of Life Associated with Future Diagnosis of ASD in Children$$$ This study examines medical conditions diagnosed prior to the diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Using a matched case control design with 3911 ASD cases and 38,609 controls, we found that 38 out of 79 medical conditions were associated with increased ASD risk. Developmental delay, mental health, and neurology conditions had the strongest associations (ORs 2.0–23.3). Moderately strong associations were observed for nutrition, genetic, ear nose and throat, and sleep conditions (ORs 2.1–3.2). Using machine learning methods, we clustered children based on their medical conditions prior to ASD diagnosis and demonstrated ASD risk stratification. Our findings provide new evidence indicating that children with ASD have a disproportionate burden of certain medical conditions preceding ASD diagnosis. ER  - 
Postmarketing experience with brivaracetam in the treatment of epilepsies: A multicenter cohort study from Germany$$$ Objective: To evaluate factors predicting efficacy, retention, and tolerability of add-on brivaracetam (BRV) in clinical practice. Methods: A multicenter, retrospective cohort study recruiting all patients who started BRV between February and November 2016 with observation time between 3 and 12 months. Results: Of a total of 262 patients (mean age 40, range 5–81 years, 129 male) treated with BRV, 227 (87%) were diagnosed to have focal, 19 (7%) idiopathic generalized and 8 (3%) symptomatic generalized epilepsy, whereas 8 (3%) were unclassified. The length of exposure to BRV ranged from 1 day to 12 months, with a median retention time of 6.1 months, resulting in a total exposure time to BRV of 1,504 months. The retention rate was 79.4% at 3 months and 75.8% at 6 months. Efficacy at 3 months was 41.2% (50% responder rate) with 14.9% seizure-free for 3 months and, at 6 months, 40.5% with 15.3% seizure-free. Treatment-emergent adverse events were observed in 37.8% of the patients, with the most common being somnolence, dizziness, and behavioral adverse events (BAEs). BAE that presented under previous levetiracetam (LEV) treatment improved upon switch to BRV in 57.1% (20/35) and LEV-induced somnolence improved in 70.8% (17/24). Patients with BAE on LEV were more likely to develop BAE on BRV (odds ratio [OR] 3.48, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.53–7.95). Significance: BRV in broad clinical postmarketing use is a well-tolerated anticonvulsant drug with 50% responder rates, similar to those observed in the regulatory trials, even though 90% of the patients included had previously been exposed to LEV. An immediate switch from LEV to BRV at a ratio of 10:1 to 15:1 is feasible. The only independent significant predictor of efficacy was the start of BRV in patients not currently taking LEV. The occurrence of BAE during previous LEV exposure predicted poor psychobehavioral tolerability of BRV treatment. A switch to BRV can be considered in patients with LEV-induced BAE. ER  - 
BGG492 as an adjunctive treatment in patients with partial-onset seizures: A 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase II dose-titration study with an open-label extension$$$ Objectives: To evaluate dose–response relationship of BGG492 as add-on therapy to 1–3 antiepileptic drugs in patients with partial-onset seizures and to investigate safety and tolerability of BGG492. Methods: This was a 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase II dose-titration study (core study) with a 30-week, flexible-dose, open-label extension. In the core study, patients were randomized (1:2) to placebo or BGG492 100 mg t.i.d. in cohort 1, and in cohort 2 patients were randomized (1:4) to placebo or BGG492 150 mg t.i.d. On completion of the core study, eligible patients entered the extension study. Primary outcome measures were total partial seizure frequency per 28 days (core study) and safety and tolerability (extension study). Results: Overall, 93 patients were randomized (150 mg [n = 44]; 100 mg [n = 24]; placebo [n = 25]), and 81 (87.1%) completed the core study. Fifty-one patients entered and 43 (84.3%) completed the extension study. In the core study, no statistically significant dose–response trend among the BGG492 treatment groups (100 and 150 mg) was observed at the 4-week double-blind maintenance period (weeks 7–10); however, there was higher percent reduction in total partial seizure frequency in the BGG492 150 mg over placebo groups (37.32%; 95% confidence interval [CI] −18.90, 66.95). Dizziness, somnolence, and fatigue were the most common adverse events (AEs), higher in the BGG492 150 mg group than in the 100 mg and placebo groups (dizziness: 14 [31.8%] vs. 3 [12.5%] and 1 [4.0%]; somnolence: 7 [15.9%] vs. 1 [4.2%] and 1 [4.0%]; fatigue: 5 [11.4%] vs. 1 [4.2%] and 1 [4.0%]). During the open-label extension study, 39 (76.5%) patients on BGG492 had AEs, and the most commonly experienced AEs were dizziness (14 [27.5%]) and somnolence (9 [17.6%]). Significance: There was no significant dose–response trend in the BGG492 treatment groups (100 and 150 mg); however, higher percent reduction over placebo was observed in the BGG492 150 mg group. Safety and tolerability data were consistent with the known safety profile for BGG492, and no new safety risks were identified. ER  - 
Do patients need to stay in bed all day in the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit? Safety data from a non-restrictive setting$$$ Purpose To assess whether injuries occur more often in an Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) where portable EEG amplifiers are used, and where patients can freely move within a large area during the monitoring. Methods Patients were monitored at the Danish Epilepsy Center, in an EMU specifically designed for this purpose, and they were under continuous surveillance by personnel dedicated to the EMU. Adverse events (AEs) − including injuries, were prospectively noted, as part of the safety policy of the hospital. Other data were retrospectively extracted from the electronic database, for a 5-year period (January 2012–December 2016). Results 976 patients were admitted to the EMU. Falls occurred in 19 patients (1.9%) but none of them resulted in injury. Only one serious AE occurred: a patient had a convulsive status epilepticus, which did not respond to first-line treatment in the EMU and was transferred to the intensive care unit. The rate of AEs were similar or lower than previously reported by other centers, where the mobility of the patients had been restricted during monitoring. Conclusion In an EMU specially designed for this purpose, where patients are under continuous surveillance by personnel dedicated to the EMU, injuries can be avoided even when the mobility of the patients is not restricted. ER  - 
Are physical activity levels associated with better health outcomes in people with epilepsy?$$$ The aim of the study was to investigate the association of physical activity in three categories (inactive, insufficiently active and active) with health outcomes in people with epilepsy. The dependent variables and the instruments used in the study were: a) quality of life — measured by Quality of Life in Epilepsy-31 for adults and Quality of Life in Epilepsy for Adolescents, b) side effects of medication — measured by Adverse Events Profile, c) depression — measured by Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy, and d) state and trait anxiety — measured by State–Trait Anxiety Inventory. Physical activity levels were analyzed using the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ) for adults in the commuting and leisure domains and Physical Activity Questionnaire for Adolescents (PAQ-A). Simple and multiple linear regression was used in the statistical analysis. The cross-sectional study with one hundred and one individuals was conducted in Pelotas/RS, Brazil, at the Neurology Clinic of the Faculty of Medicine of the Federal University of Pelotas. In the crude analysis, physical activity was positively associated with quality of life (p < 0.001) and negatively associated with depression (p = 0.046), state of anxiety (p = 0.014), trait of anxiety (p = 0.015) and side effect of medication (p = 0.01). In addition, physical activity levels explained 10% of the quality of life (R2 = 0.10). In the adjusted analysis, physical activity remained associated with side effect of medication (p = 0.014) and was not associated with trait anxiety (p = 0.066). However, quality of life showed a positive linear trend (p = 0.001) while depression (p = 0.033) and anxiety state (p = 0.004) showed a negative trend according to physical activity levels. Physical activity was associated with health outcomes, and can be a nonpharmacological treatment in people with epilepsy for improving health and life conditions. ER  - 
The influence of levetiracetam on psychosocial and behavioral functioning in children: A case–control and follow-up study$$$ Background Levetiracetam, a widely used antiepileptic drug in children, has been associated with psychosocial and behavioral problems, which are also influenced by epilepsy variables, including duration or seizure frequency. Purpose The objective of this study is to investigate the frequency and timing of treatment-emergent psychosocial and behavioral problems in children receiving levetiracetam, irrespective of seizure variables which are possible confounders. Methods A prospective, case–control study with a 3-month follow-up was conducted. Consecutive children aged 6 to 16 years with new-onset partial seizures were included in case of starting treatment with either levetiracetam or valproic acid. Psychosocial and behavioral functioning were assessed using a set of standardized questionnaires including Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ) and Children's Depression Inventory (CDI) at baseline, 1 and 3-month follow-up. Patients' baseline scores were compared to healthy subjects. The difference in the follow-up SDQ and CDI scores was evaluated in patients receiving levetiracetam and valproic acid. Results A total of 101 participants were analyzed; 32 patients in levetiracetam group, 19 patients in valproic acid group and 50 healthy controls. Baseline SDQ and CDI scores were not statistically different between patients and healthy subjects (p > 0.05). No statistically significant difference was observed in CDI, total and subscale SDQ scores between patients receiving levetiracetam or valproic acid during the study period (p > 0.05). A girl aged 15 years receiving levetiracetam had a CDI score of 18 without suicidal ideation at baseline. She developed suicidal ideation and depression, which resolved after switching of levetiracetam to valproic acid, at the 1-month follow-up. No other psychiatric or behavioral side-effects were observed in other patients. Conclusion Psychosocial and behavioral side-effects of levetiracetam treatment are not frequent and they don't emerge in most of children at lower doses. At this dose, and after 3 months, using these specific instruments, we did not observe any difference between the valproic acid and levetiracetam treatment groups. ER  - 
Concurrent mood and anxiety disorders are associated with pharmacoresistant seizures in patients with MTLE$$$ Objective: To investigate whether mood disorders (MD) and anxiety disorders (AD) are associated with seizure control in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE). We compared patients without any current psychiatric disorder, patients with current MD and/or AD, patients with subsyndromic depression episodes (SSDE) and anxiety episodes (SSAE), and patients with family psychiatric history. Methods: In a cross-sectional study, we included 144 consecutive patients with MTLE (82 pharmacoresistant and 62 treatment-responsive patients). Every patient underwent a psychiatric evaluation including the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition) Axis I (SCID-I), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E), and Interictal Dysphoric Disorder Inventory (IDDI). Patients were divided into four groups: PsychNeg (G1, n = 61), current SSDE and SSAE (G2, n = 26), Current MD or AD (G3, n = 25), and current mixed MD/AD (G4, n = 32). Results: Among patients with pharmacoresistant MTLE, 68.3% (56/82) experienced symptoms of depression and/or anxiety (G2, G3, and G4) (odds ratio [OR] 2.8, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.41–5.53, p < 0.01). Patients with mixed MD/AD (G4, n = 24/32) were more likely to have pharmacoresistant MTLE (OR 4.04, 95% CI 1.57–10.42, p < 0.01) than psychiatric asymptomatic patients (G1, n = 26/61), and their seizure frequency was significantly higher (p < 0.01). Positive family psychiatric history was more frequent in pharmacoresistant patients (n = 27/82, OR 2.28, 95% CI 1.02–5.05, p = 0.04). Finally, 31.6% of patients with MD and or AD were not receiving psychiatric treatment. Significance: Identification of comorbid MD/AD and of family psychiatric history is of the essence in patients with MTLE, as they appear to be associated with worse seizure control. ER  - 
Is depression related to low folate levels in people with epilepsy? An observational study and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Both depression and low serum levels of folate are common in people with epilepsy (PWE), the latter especially in patients on hepatic enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). We did a cross-sectional study and a meta-analysis to assess if lower folate levels have any relation with depression in PWE. Materials and Methods: Two hundred and one PWE were recruited and assessed for depression using the Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self-Rated (IDS-SR) and Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Clinician Rated; serum folate levels were measured in them at the same time. Literature search was carried out and studies with data on depression as well as folate levels in PWE were included. Statistical analysis to determine frequency of depression, low folate levels, and relation between them among our cases and the pooled data from the included studies was done. Results: Depression was observed in 65.68% and low serum folate (<4 ng/ml) in 48.75% of PWE (over 80% on older AEDs); there was no statistically significant correlation between them. However, on analyzing the pooled data of six studies including the present, the Fisher's z-transformed correlation coefficient was-0.1690 (95% confidence interval [-0.3175,-0.0124], P = 0.0464). Conclusions: Depression and low folate levels are common in PWE. Low folate levels have a mild but significant negative correlation with depression in this population, and folate supplementation would be advisable for those on the older AEDs. ER  - 
Contributions of children with multiple chronic conditions to pediatric hospitalizations in the United States: A retrospective cohort analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Children with multiple chronic conditions (CMCC) are increasingly using hospital care. We assessed how much of US pediatric inpatient care is used by CMCC and which chronic conditions are the key drivers of hospital use. METHODS: A retrospective analysis of all 2.3 million US acute-care hospital discharges in 2012 for children age 0 to 18 years in the Kids' Inpatient Database. The ∼4.5 million US hospitalizations for pregnancy, childbirth, and newborn and neonatal care were not assessed. We adapted the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality's Chronic Condition Indicators to classify hospitalizations for children with no, 1, or multiple chronic conditions, and to determine which specific chronic conditions of CMCC are associated with high hospital resource use. RESULTS: Of all pediatric acute-care hospitalizations, 34.3% were of children with no chronic conditions, 36.5% were of those with 1 condition, and 29.3% were of CMCC. Of the $23.6 billion in total hospital costs, 19.7%, 27.4%, and 53.9% were for children with 0, 1, and multiple conditions, respectively, and similar proportions were observed for hospital days. The three populations accounted for the most hospital days were as follows: children with no chronic condition (20.9%), children with a mental health condition and at least 1 additional chronic condition (20.2%), and children with a mental health condition without an additional chronic condition (13.3%). The most common mental health conditions were substance abuse disorders and depression. CONCLUSIONS: CMCC accounted for over one-fourth of acute-care hospitalizations and one-half of all hospital dollars for US pediatric care in 2012. Substantial CMCC hospital resource use involves children with mental health-related conditions. ER  - 
Long-term use of benzodiazepines in older patients in Germany: a retrospective analysis$$$ Background: The purpose of this study was to analyze the prevalence of long-term benzodiazepine use in older adults treated in general and neuropsychiatric practices in Germany. Methods: This study included 32,182 patients over the age of 65 years who received benzodiazepine prescriptions for the first time between January 2010 and December 2014 in general and neuropsychiatric practices in Germany. Follow up lasted until July 2016. The main outcome measure was the proportion of patients treated with benzodiazepines for >6 months. Results: The proportion of patients with benzodiazepine therapy for >6 months increased with age (65–70 years: 12.3%; 71–80 years: 15.5%; 81–90 years: 23.7%; >90 years: 31.6%) but did not differ significantly between men (15.5%) and women (17.1%). The proportion of patients who received benzodiazepines for >6 months was higher among those with sleep disorders (21.1%), depression (20.8%) and dementia (32.1%) than among those with anxiety (15.5%). By contrast, this proportion was lower among people diagnosed with adjustment disorders (7.7%) and back pain (3.8%). Conclusion: Overall, long-term use of benzodiazepines is common in older people, particularly in patients over the age of 80 and in those diagnosed with dementia, sleep disorders, or depression. ER  - 
Cross-sectional study of the hospital management of adult patients with a suspected seizure (EPIC2)$$$ Objective: To determine the clinical characteristics, management and outcomes of patients taken to hospital by emergency ambulance after a suspected seizure. Design: Quantitative cross-sectional retrospective study of a consecutive series of patients. Setting: An acute hospital trust in a large city in England. Participants: In 2012-2013, the regions' ambulance service managed 605 481 emergency incidents, 74 141/605 481 originated from Sheffield (a large city in the region), 2121/74 141 (2.9%) were suspected seizures and 178/2121 occurred in May 2012. We undertook detailed analysis of the medical records of the 91/178 patients who were transported to the city's acute hospital. After undertaking a retrospective review of the medical records, the best available aetiological explanation for the seizures was determined. Results: The best available aetiological explanation for 74.7% (68/91) of the incidents was an epileptic seizure, 11.0% (10/91) were psychogenic non-epileptic seizures and 9.9% (9/91) were cardiogenic events. The epileptic seizures fall into the following four categories: first epileptic seizure (13.2%, 12/91), epileptic seizure with a historical diagnosis of epilepsy (30.8%, 28/91), recurrent epileptic seizures without a historical diagnosis of epilepsy (20.9%, 19/91) and acute symptomatic seizures (9.9%, 9/91). Of those with seizures (excluding cardiogenic events), 2.4% (2/82) of patients were seizing on arrival in the Emergency Department (ED), 19.5% (16/82) were postictal and 69.5% (57/82) were alert. 63.4% (52/82) were discharged at the end of their ED attendance and 36.5% (19/52) of these had no referral or follow-up. Conclusions: Most suspected seizures are epileptic seizures but this is a diagnostically heterogeneous group. Only a small minority of patients require emergency medical care but most are transported to hospital. Few patients receive expert review and many are discharged home without referral to a specialist leaving them at risk of further seizures and the associated morbidity, mortality and health services costs of poorly controlled epilepsy. ER  - 
Feasibility and safety of combining rtms with physical therapy: Preliminary data in parkinson's disease$$$ Introduction Non-invasive brain stimulation can be used in combination with rehabilitative therapies or physical exercises to enhance or improve function [1- 2]. It is believed that the combination of physical rehabilitation and brain stimulation may offer a greater or more sustained effect than either therapy alone [3]. The mechanisms underlying this potential synergistic effect are not fully known but may rely on associative plasticity [4]. It is known that task-specific training can induce task-specific neuronal changes based on use-dependent plasticity phenomena. However, training alone may produce a subliminal neural activation, resulting in only transient synaptic changes, whereas brain stimulation has been demonstrated effective to induce long-term potentiation (LTP)-like phenomena, presumably through Hebbian mechanisms [5]. In a previous study at our Lab, we demonstrated that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) could modulate motor memory in patients affected by Parkinson's disease (PD) [6]. Specifically, we showed that rTMS (and not sham), applied after the acquisition of a simple motor skill could increase motor skill retention. In our previous study, the effect of rTMS on skill retention was assessed through a visuomotor adaptation task consisting of a series of ballistic hand movements to reach a radially arrayed target by moving a cursor on a digitized tablet. Based on our promising results, we now plan to translate the paradigm into a clinical setting with the goal of improving functional restoration. To do so, we recently developed a novel non-invasive neuromodulation protocol pairing multiple, consecutive sessions of physical therapy (PT) for posture and gait rehabilitation back-to-back with rTMS sessions. Postural instability and gait disorders (PIGD) are the most important neurological risk factors for falls. In PD patients, PIGD are notoriously prevalent. Unfortunately, the available pharmacological treatments are scarcely effective, and PT is considered the standard of care [7]. The implementation of this translational study is primarily limited by its actual feasibility in everyday clinical settings. Here, we aimed to explore the feasibility of our protocol and its potential generalization in common clinical practice. This study is a collaborative effort between the Rusk Rehabilitation Institute and the Marlene and Paolo Fresco Institute for Parkinson's and Movement Disorders at NYU Langone Medical Center. We took advantage of a consolidated scientific partnership and a conveniently shared location in the same building to develop and test this new therapeutic paradigm. 2. Methods This is a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled protocol for PD patients referred to PIGD-oriented rehabilitation. Inclusion criteria: age 35-89, diagnosis of PD, recent referral for PIGD-oriented PT at our institution's rehabilitation facilities, Hoehn and Yahr 2 through 4. Referred patients have been pre-screened for eligibility, including potential TMS contraindications, e.g. the presence of implanted devices or history of seizures. Prescreened subjects underwent formal screenings to assess eligibility. All patients provided written, informed consent. PT was delivered by an expert physical therapist on a one-to-one basis and specifically addressed PIGD rehabilitation. The experimental treatment was designed to follow the PT session without interfering with PT standard of care. Pre-established time window limit was 40 minutes maximum and session's frequency were matching PT (1 to 2 times weekly). Following each PT session, patients were immediately directed to our TMS lab to randomly receive rTMS or sham. TMS mapping and motor thresholds were performed at the first session. Clinical outcomes measures were obtained at baseline and following the final PT session. Both patients and PT providers were blinded to the TMS intervention. Preliminary data of feasibility, safety and adherence to the protocol were analyzed. 3. Results Nine patients were consecutively referred to PIGD-oriented PT from August to November 2016 from our Institute. Among these, 7 subjects were telephonically prescreened for the study and were invited to participate (2 were not reached prior to starting initial PT session). Five subjects (71%) were screened and enrolled (1 patient refused participation, and one patient received PT from another provider). The mean age of the sample was 74 ±8.6 years (4 males). The mean disease duration was 9±4.6 years. The mean UPDRS-(III) score was 44.2 ±10.5. The H&Y stages at screening were 2 (n=1) and 3(n=4). One subject withdrew consent, citing lack of motivation. In this case, the clinical severity of PIGD was very mild (Mini BESTest=26/28). The duration of each TMS or sham session was 20 minutes. The mean resting motor thresholds of the sample was 38%±9.8. The average time lapse between PT and TMS/sham delivery during the first session was 23minutes (min: 10 minutes and max: 40 minutes). At the following sessions, the average time lapse between PT and TMS/sham was 13.5 minutes (min: 5minutes and max: 25 minutes). There was 1 adverse event; the subject reported mild neck pain after one of the TMS/ sham sessions. There were no severe adverse events. There were no PT sessions without being followed by the experimental TMS/sham stimulation. A total of 28 paired sessions were completed with 100% compliance. 4. Discussion and Conclusion Our protocol was originally developed and tested in PD participants, but designed to be appropriate for more generalized use. Recently, it has been emphasized how the control of the temporal aspect between motor training and none-invasive brain stimulation is crucial for successful associative plasticity, as the latter is a time-dependent phenomenon [8]. Task execution (or motor training) and brain stimulation should therefore be coupled with proper timing to maximize the possibility of harnessing adequate long-term plastic changes. However, in order to pair rTMS with multiple PT sessions in clinical practice, some practical issues need to be preliminarily addressed. First, the rehabilitation setting where PT is performed should have, or be located near the TMS device. Furthermore, administering TMS after a PT session can present an additional burden for PD patients, whose tolerance and endurance may be limited by comorbid factors including chronic pain, anxiety, apathy and depression. Therefore, the possibility of drop-outs needs to be considered and appreciated. We designed our study so that administration of TMS pulses could promptly follow each PT session within a standardized temporal window of 40 minutes. Such a limited interval implies adequate logistics to ensure an effective, standardized and reproducible work flow. According to our preliminary data, systematic TMS adjuvancy in conjunction with multiple sessions of standard-of-care PT represents a feasible and safe paradigm with good adherence. Limitations of our current work include: small sample size that prevents comprehensive analysis on the efficacy of this paradigm for PIGD, and lack of available data for the paradigm with a wider temporal window. The latter could challenge the further applicability of our protocol in different settings where TMS device and PT practice are not conveniently co-located. Preliminary efficacy data will be analyzed for the generation of future large scale clinical trials. PT training is a fundamental strategy in neuro-rehabilitation, irrespectively to the nature of the damage occurred in the nervous system. If successful, our paradigm will contribute to the definition of new models of rehabilitation with promising, broad applications in different clinical settings. ER  - 
Prevalence of non-epileptic psychogenic crisis in adult patients with refractory epilepsy in the Regional Hospital of High Specialty, León, Guanajuato, México$$$ Background and aims: Epilepsy affects 0.5% to 1% of population, with refractory epilepsy (RE) proportion of 20-30%, psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are paroxysmal changes in responsiveness, movements, behavior resembling seizures but lack a neurobiological origin and electrophysiological changes. PNES are result of psychological alteration, most of PNES are codified as somatoform disorders-Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-. Aim: to know patients demographic characteristics with PNES and RE to have additional tools to diagnosis and management. Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of 116 patients with RE (March 2011-August 2015) at HRAEB Epilepsy Clinic, recording demographic/clinical variables. PNES was defined as absence of EEG changes with behavioral manifestations and correspondence of clinical phenomena with a previous event witnessed by a family member. PNES were categorized by Griffith classification. Patients participated in clinical interviews with psychiatrists. Results: We identified 28 PNES patients (16-55 years), seizure types were: focal epilepsy (20), focal generalized (8). No neuroradiological findings were found (16 patients). 1 patient had mesial temporal sclerosis (MTS), 2 hippocampal atrophy, 9 had abnormal MRI (encephalomalacia, atrophy, demyelinating vascular lesions, arachnoid cyst, neurocysticercosis). Conclusion: Patients were predominantly female, 10: 1 ratio. PNES women probably reflects the underlying biological/psychosocial factors congruent with other reports. Men PNES suggest a lower sexual abuse, employment rates, less acceptance of diagnosis and higher rates of emotional maladjustment than women. Both differences based on sex (biological) and gender (sociocultural) can affect not only the prevalence of a disease, but also the presentation, diagnosis/results. Age/education level of patients did not seem to influence. ER  - 
Somatoform disorders in neurology$$$ Background and aims: Functional or medically unexplained symptoms are very common in neurological consultation. In the DSM-IV, these disorders are classified as somatoform disorders. They represent about 30% of the activity of liberal neurologists. Methods: We report 35 cases of somatoform disorders hospitalized in our general neurology unit over a period of 6 years between 2011 and 2016. The ages ranged from 15 to 80 years. They were 29 women (87.8% of cases). Results: Psychogenic headaches were the most frequent presenting conditions (42.4%), followed by motor deficits (39.3%), lethargic states (12.1%), ocular symptoms (12.1%), pain (9%), movement disorders (9%), sensory disturbances (6%) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (6%). Ten patients exhibited 2 symptoms or more. Anxiodepressive comorbidity was noted in 15% of cases. Eighteen percent of cases had similar episodes in the past. Most of the patients were treated by antidepressants, mainly Amitryptiline, even in the absence of depression. Physiotherapy was used whenever necessary. The evolution was favorable in 57.5% with full recovery before discharge in 42.4%. Conclusion: 50% of the patients with somatoform disorders are identified by neurologists. The neurologist is faced with the challenge of asserting the diagnosis and making the decision to stop investigations. He should implement an empathetic relation with the patient to announce the diagnosis and during all the follow-up. Some patients should be examined by a psychiatrist because up to two thirds have psychiatric comorbidity. Our series underline the importance for the neurologist to know these disorders in order to establish a comprehensive diagnostic approach and an appropriate medical care. ER  - 
One-year experience with perampanel-focus on psychiatric adverse effects$$$ Background and aims: Perampanel (PER) is a new antiepileptic drug (AED) licensed as an adjunctive treatment of partial-onset seizures and primary generalized tonicclonic seizures. In the Czech Republic, PER is available since June 2015. We performed a retrospective analysis of one-year experience with PER in 87 patients treated in tertiary epilepsy centre. Methods: The demographic and clinical data of the patients were collected by review of medical records in the hospital database. Type of epilepsy, seizure type, used PER dosage, concomitant AEDs, adverse effects and reasons for withdrawal were analyzed. Results: Out of 87 patients with drug-refractory epilepsy (49 females, median age 35, range 18-66), 78 had focal epilepsy, six generalized and four unclassified epilepsy. Apart from PER they were treated with median of three AEDs (range 1-5). At least transient positive effect was reported in 35 patients (40%). 35 patients (40%) were withdrawn from PER, 21 (60%) due to adverse effects, three because of no efficacy and 11 (31%) due to combination of both. Adverse effects at some point were reported by 47 patients (54%), most common were fatigue (30%), dizziness (14%) and instability (10%). Psychiatric adverse effects included change in behavior (11%), aggression (6%), lacrimosity (3%), one patient with depression and suicidal ideation and one case of psychosis. Psychiatric adverse effects led to withdrawal of PER in ten out of 11 patients. Conclusion: PER showed at least transient positive clinical effect in 40% of patients. Psychiatric adverse effects were observed in 13% of patients and led to withdrawal of PER in most cases. ER  - 
Cognitive dysfunction in six patients with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis$$$ Background and aims: Anti-NMDA receptor (anti-NMDAr) encephalitis is a recognized cause of rapid onset encephalopathy with wide phenotypic variability. The clinical presentation includes psychiatric manifestations, memory impairment, seizures, movement disorders, autonomic instability and somnolence. The cognitive profile of these patients is yet to be clarified. Methods: We performed a retrospective review of clinical and neuropsychological data (Dementia Rating scale-2, DRS-2) of six patients with anti-NMDAr encephalitis followed at Centro Hospitalar do Porto. Results: Three males and 3 females were included. The first manifestation of the disease occurred between age 8 and 26. None of the patients had an underlying neoplasm. The cerebral MRI had persistent lesions in two patients. Five patients had cognitive evaluations at two different time points (the gap between evaluations varied from 4 months to 4 years). In the acute/subacute phase, one patient scored 135 on DRS-2, while the remainder 4 scored between 63 and 120. Affected domains included attention, language, memory and executive functions. The 4 patients with severe cognitive impairment presented with severe acute psychosis (n=2) and seizures (n=2). Two of these patients were younger than 18 years. In 3/4 patients a follow-up evaluation was performed that showed significant cognitive improvement (DRS-2 125 to 134). Conclusion: This case series confirms the presence of significant dysfunction in different cognitive domains in the acute/subacute phase of anti-NMDAr autoimmune encephalitis. All patients with follow up evaluation showed substantial cognitive improvement, although some deficits persisted. Cognitive dysfunction was more frequent in patients presenting with psychiatric symptoms or seizures. ER  - 
Clinico-immunological features patients with limbic encephalites$$$ Background and aims: Limbic encephalitis (LE) is a heterogeneous group of disorders caused by autoimmunity directed against components of the central nervous system involved in cognition and behavior. Methods: We present the clinical, immunological, imaging and neurophysiological characteristics of 11 patients that presented to the cognitive neurology clinic with complaints regarding memory impairment and/or behavioral changes and were diagnosed with definite or suspected LE during the years 2012-2016. Results: Median age was 57 years (42-69), 100% women. Initial manifestations included subacute cognitive decline (9), seizures (4), depression and behavioral disorders (4). The median MMSE score was 24/30 (range 19-30). Auto antibody seropositivity was depicted in 7 patients. The immunological profile included: VGPC (1), GAD 65 (1), LG1 (1), NMDA (2), anti-Yo and anti Ri (1), anti TPO (2) and anti-amphiphisin (1) antibodies. MRI depicted characteristic findings in 4 patients. Six patients had normal MRI and in one patient a lacunar strokes were depicted. CSF with lymphocytic pleocytosis was found in 4 patients. Eight patients were treated by immunotherapy (IV steroids, plasmapheresis, Imuran). Four patients underwent complete recovery or partial improvement following therapy. The treatment course of one patient was complicated by perforation of the lower esophagus. She eventually died from sepsis. One patient was diagnosed with adenocarcinoma of lung. Her symptomatology resolved following surgery. Conclusion: LE has to be considered in patients with atypical presentation of cognitive deterioration as early diagnosis and treatment may improve the cognitive outcome. Nevertheless, as the experience with these patients is relatively scarce, treatment should be closely monitored. ER  - 
Side effects associated with the treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis at a tuberculosis referral hospital in South Korea$$$ Patients with drug-susceptible tuberculosis (TB) show good tolerance of the medications used and have few side effects. However, medications used to treat multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) have many known side effects. Here, we studied the occurrence of side effects due to treatment of patients with MDR-TB. We conducted a retrospective and consecutive review of the medical records of 256 patients who received treatment for MDR-TB between January 2006 and December 2011. One or more side effects were observed in 95 (37.1%) of the 256 patients. These side effects led to the suspension of the use of 1 or more drugs from the regimen of individualized treatment prescribed for 44 of the patients (17.2%). The side effects observed most frequently included gastrointestinal disturbance (18.4%), psychiatric disorder (5.5%), arthralgia (4.7%), hepatitis (3.9%), peripheral neuropathy (3.1%), hypothyroidism (2.3%), epileptic seizures (2%), dermatological effects (2%), ototoxicity (1.6%), and nephrotoxicity (1.2%). The treatment was successful in 220 (85.9%) patients with MDR-TB. Our study may help in formulating strategies for the timely and aggressive management of drug side effects. This may reduce the suspension of therapy and increase the rate of clinical success. ER  - 
Does gabapentin reduce opioid use postoperatively? (“group study”): A randomized control trial in women undergoing reconstructive pelvic surgery$$$ Hypothesis/aims of study Opioids are the most common drug of choice for analgesia after hysterectomy, but are associated with significant side effects. A third generation anti-epileptic, gabapentin can be used as an adjunct to decrease opioid requirements. While studies have demonstrated the benefit of a single pre-emptive dose of gabapentin given 1-2 hours before abdominal and vaginal hysterectomies (1, 2), this has not been studied in urogynecologic surgery where vaginal hysterectomy is combined with pelvic floor repair and anti-incontinence procedures. Our objective is to determine the effect of a single pre-emptive dose of gabapentin in women undergoing vaginal hysterectomy with pelvic reconstructive surgeries with or without tension-free vaginal tape (TVT) on postoperative pain control. We hypothesized that pre-emptive gabapentin will significantly reduce the use of postoperative opioid medications. Study design, materials and methods After research ethics board approval, a randomized double-blinded placebo controlled trial was commenced in January 2017. All women aged 18 and older presenting to a tertiary referral hospital with prolapse symptoms requiring hysterectomy with pelvic reconstructive surgeries (e.g. anterior/posterior colporrhaphy, uterosacral ligament suspension), with or without TVT, were included. Patients were excluded if they were already on gabapentin, had a proven allergy, sensitivity, or contraindication to gabapentin, or were unable to understand spoken English. Informed consent was obtained from all patients enrolled. As per our institution's anesthesia department, the single dose of pre-emptive gabapentin was 600 mg for those under age 65, and 300 mg for those age 65 and older. Computer-based randomization was used. In a previous randomized controlled trial examining the effect of gabapentin on postoperative pain medications (in this case, fentanyl bolus of 50 mcg) in patients undergoing vaginal hysterectomy (without pelvic reconstructive surgeries) (2), the total dose was reduced from 23 boluses to 14 boluses. Using an estimated standard deviation of 400 mcg (i.e. 8 boluses), power of 90%, two-tailed alpha of 5%, and Student-t test, the sample size was 17 subjects per group. Given that sedation is a side effect of gabapentin, we also ensured that our study was adequately powered to detect any difference in prolonged stay in the recovery room. With a typical recovery room stay up to 120 minutes, we believed that a 30-minute prolongation would be clinically significant. Using a standard deviation of 30 minutes, power of 90%, two-tailed alpha of 5%, and Student-t test, the final sample size was increased to 22 subjects per group. The Student t-test was used to compare the difference in opioid consumption in the first 24 hours after surgery, as well as time from the end of surgery to leaving the recovery room, and length of recovery room stay between the groups. Visual analogue scale (VAS) scores for anxiety, drowsiness/sedation, pain, and nausea were compared using the Mann-Whitney U test. Results After half the patients were recruited, an interim blinded analysis of 22 patients was performed. There were 10 women in Group A and 12 in Group B. There was no significant difference in age, menopausal status, parity, previous surgeries, allergies, or body mass index. Furthermore, there was no significant difference in general or spinal anesthetic or American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status classification. There was no difference in total opioid use (converted to oral morphine equivalents) in the first 24 hours after surgery between Groups A and B (27.8 ± 29.0 mg vs. 27.2 ± 19.6 mg, P = 0.952). Further, there was no difference in time from the end of surgery to leaving the operating room (11.3 ± 2.00 min vs. 16.3 ± 10.5 min, P = 0.157), or total time in recovery room (248 ± 136 min vs. 175 ± 70.6 min, P = 0.117). There was also no significant difference in VAS measures of anxiety and drowsiness/sedation upon arrival in the operating room; drowsiness/sedation, pain, and nausea two hours after surgery; and nausea on postoperative day 1 between the two groups. Interpretation of results Based on this interim analysis, there does not seem to be a significant difference in post-operative opioid use in women undergoing vaginal hysterectomy with additional pelvic floor repair and/or anti-incontinence procedures who received pre-emptive gabapentin compared to those given a placebo. Concluding message As per our institution's dosing policy, a single dose of pre-emptive gabapentin of 300 mg (if age 65 and older) or 600 mg (if younger than age 65) is not significantly different from a placebo in affecting post-operative pain in women undergoing urogynecologic surgery. These data are based on an interim analysis performed after half of the subjects have been recruited. ER  - 
Spectrum of visual impairment in cerebral venous thrombosis: Importance of tailoring therapies based on pathophysiology$$$ Visual impairment can complicate cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT). Here, we describe the various pathophysiological mechanisms and treatments available. A retrospective chart review of all patients treated for CVT in a large quaternary teaching hospital was done, and cases with visual impairment due to CVT were identified. The various mechanisms causing visual impairment in CVT were (1) raised intracranial pressure (ICP) caused by venous thrombosis without venous infarcts resulting in a benign intracranial hypertension-like presentation of CVT, (2) venous infarcts involving the occipital cortex, (3) raised ICP following the development of a secondary dural arteriovenous (AV) fistula, and (4) arterial occipital infarcts due to posterior cerebral artery compression secondary to herniation in large venous infarcts. Apart from using systemic anticoagulants to attempt recanalization and drugs with carbonic anhydrase inhibitor activity to reduce the ICPs, treatment modalities employed to save vision were (1) recanalization by local thrombolysis, stenting, or mechanical devices; (2) cerebrospinal fluid diversion procedures such as theco-periotoneal shunting; (3) optic nerve sheath fenestration; and (4) specific treatment for conditions such as dural AV fistula occurring as a late complication. CVT can cause visual impairment through different pathophysiological mechanisms. Depending on the mechanism, treatment strategies need to be tailored. Furthermore, very close monitoring is needed both in the acute and in the follow-up period, as new pathophysiological mechanisms can arise, compromising the vision. This may require a different treatment approach. Literature on this aspect of CVT is lacking. ER  - 
Prevalence of post stroke depression and comparison of two treatment options$$$ Introduction: Post stroke depression (PSD) has long been recognized as a neuropsychiatric complication of stroke 1 but often remains masked and/or undertreated owing to its challenging diagnosis.2 We intended to study the prevalence of PSD as well as to compare Fluoxetine and Venlafaxine for safety, efficacy profiles in post stroke depression patients. Methodology: Non-experimental, comparative, prospective follow-up study was carried out in the Department of Stroke Medicine of a tertiary care, teaching and super-specialty referral hospital for a period of 8 months. All the patients admitted in the department of stroke medicine were screened for depression using Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and 60 patients satisfying the inclusion criteria were selected and 30 of them were treated with fluoxetine and other group with venlafaxine. Baseline values of HDRS were taken at the time of diagnosis and the follow-up was done after 2, 4 and 8 weeks respectively. A comparison of clinical outcome and adverse events of the two anti-depressants used, i.e., venlafaxine and fluoxetine were done by a follow up of up to 6 months. Independent sample test was used for statistical purposes in the study. Results: Out of 60 subjects participated in the study, 40 were males, and the mean age of the sample population was found to be 62.13 ± 11.14. The prevalence of PSD was found to be 22.4%. Hypertension (90%) followed by diabetes mellitus (50%), CAD (28.33%),dyslipidemia(26.57%), hypothyroidism.67%) and epilepsy(8.33%) were the common comorbidities found in the sample population. When the ADRs of both the drugs were compared graphically, Fluoxetine group showed a higher incidence of ADRs (61.54%) than Venlafaxine group (38.46%) and hence, according to our study Venlafaxine can be considered safe among the two. Statistical analysis showed a significant difference in the effectiveness of both the drugs. The results of this study suggests that venlafaxine is more effective than fluoxetine in the treatment of post-stroke depression. Conclusion: Depression following stroke can hamper the progress of the patient both physically as well as socially and hence should be given proper attention and management. The evidences for prevention and management of PSD are still limited.More multi centric studies are required in this scenario to help advance the knowledge about post stroke depression and its management strategies. 1. Iris Zavoreo, Vanja Basic-Kes, Marijana Bosnar-Puretic, Vida Demarin. POST-STROKE DEPRESSION. Acta Clin Croat. 2009; 48:329-333. 2. Jorge Moncayo Gaete,Julien Bogousslavsky.Post Stroke Depression. Expert Rev Neurotherapeutics 8(l),75-92(2008). ER  - 
The use and effectiveness of pro re nata psychotropic medications in children and adolescents: A systematic review$$$ Background: Published studies have not demonstrated the benefits of the practice of psychotropic PRN administration. Aim: The goal of this study is to perform a systematic review on pro re nata (PRN) psychotropic medications administration in children and adolescents and examine the safety and effectiveness of this practice in child and adolescent psychiatric care units. Settings and Design: This is a systematic review. Materials and Methods: Several databases were searched till date. One hundred and sixty-five titles and abstracts were found and a total of 14 studies, for which most were retrospective, met the absolute criteria. The patients studied were children, adolescents and patients that presented to the emergency room or admitted as inpatient. Results: Indications for admission included aggression and agitation for all the studies. Most the medications used include haloperidol, olanzapine, diazepam, and risperidone. Commonly reported adverse effects following the administration of the PRN medications were sleepiness, acute dystonia, and drowsiness. The effectiveness of PRN medications, which was reported in four of reviewed studies, ranged from 30% to 50%. Conclusion: Different effectiveness/outcome measures were used for all the studies; therefore, we could not generalize effectiveness across all the studies. Findings of the reviewed articles show the imperativeness of more research to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of PRN medications among child and adolescent populations. ER  - 
A cross-sectional survey of disability attributed to mental disorders and service use in China$$$ Background: Mental disorders are strongly associated with disabilities. National survey on disability could provide a reliable basis for policymaking in care and rehabilitation of disabled persons. This study aimed to describe the disability prevalence rates attributed to mental disorders, their distribution by sociodemographic factors, and utilizations of service. Methods: This study is a secondary data analysis of the Second National Sample Survey on Disability in 2006. The disability and severity were assessed using the World Health Organization Disability Assessment Schedule 2.0. Mental disorders were diagnosed according to the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems 10th Revision Classification of Mental and Behavioral Disorders. Using descriptive and analytic epidemiological methods, prevalence rates of disability attributed to mental disorders and service use were calculated. Results: Data of 2,526,145 respondents were analyzed. The disability prevalence rate attributed to mental disorders in China was 6.3‰, accounting for 9.9% of all disabled people. Regarding disability prevalence attributed to mental disorders, it showed that gender, residential area, marital status, education level, and economic area were related to the prevalence distributions. The proportions of mild disability were highest in the disabled people with onset age of 18–64 years, while the proportion of extremely severe disability was highest in the disabled people with onset age of 65 years and above. Only 58.6% of disabled people attributed to mental disorders used some of the services. Conclusions: There are statistical differences of disability prevalence attributed to mental disorders by people and region in China. Service use in disabled people with mental disorders is insufficient. ER  - 
Prophylactic cranial irradiation (PCI) versus observation in radically treated stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A randomized phase III NVALT11 study$$$ Background: Brain metastases are one of the major sites of tumor failure in patients (pts) with radically treated stage III NSCLC. The value of PCI in these pts remains unsettled. This study is designed to investigate whether PCI reduces the incidence of symptomatic brain metastases (sBM). Methods: Pts were randomized between observation and PCI after concurrent or sequential chemo-RT with or without surgery. PCI dose was left to the physician(36 Gy/18F, 30 Gy/12F, 30 Gy/10F). Pts were registered before randomization, those progressing after chemo-RT were not randomized. Pts were followed for sBM (defined as increased intracranial pressure, headache, nausea, vomiting, cognitive, affective disturbances, seizures, focal neurological symptoms andMRI/CT), side effects, survival, quality of life (QLQ-C30, EuroQol 5D). The primary endpoint is the proportion of patients developing sBM. Randomizing 300 pts the study has 90% (2-sided p = 0.05) power to detect 17% decrease in pts developing sBM at 24 months (mo). Results: Between 2009 and 2015, 195 pts were registered, 175 were randomized, 87 received PCI and 88 pts were in the observation arm. In 2013 due to slow accrual, it was decided to reduce the number of randomized pts to 175 pts. With 75 events a 2-sided log-rank test would have 80% power to detect HR 0.52 and alpha 0.05. One pt in PCI arm was withdrawn after randomization. Pts characteristics were male (n = 114, 66%); adeno/squa/other 72 (41%), 62 (36%), 40 (23%); PS 0/1/2 66 (38%), 99 (57%), 9 (5%); stage IIIA/B 93 (53%), 80 (46%), unknown 1 (1%). Median follow up was 48.5 mo (95% CI, 39 - 54). Proportion of pts with sBM was 4/86 (4.6%) in PCI and 25/88 (28.4 %) in observation (p < 0.00001). Seven (8.1%) pts in PCI and 26 (29.7%) pts in observation arm had BM on imaging (p < 0.001). Median time to sBM was not reached in either arm. Median OS was 24.2 mo in PCI and 21.9 mo in observation arm (p = 0.52). Global QoL at 3 mo was worse in PCI arm (p = 0.02) but not afterwards. Conclusions: PCI significantly decreases the proportion of patients developing both symptomatic BM without influencing overall survival. PCI decreases 3 months global quality of life measures but not beyond. ER  - 
Dose finding study of the intratumoral administration of the oncolytic polio/rhinovirus recombinant (PVSRIPO) against WHO grade IV malignant glioma (MG)$$$ Background: The live attenuated oral poliovirus vaccine was modified to contain a heterologous internal ribosomal entry site stemming from human rhinovirus type 2, creating PVSRIPO. PVSRIPO recognizes CD155, an oncofetal cell adhesion molecule and tumor antigen widely expressed ectopically in malignancy. We report results of the dose finding trial evaluating PVSRIPO delivered intratumorally by convection-enhanced delivery (CED). Methods: Eligible patients were adults with recurrent supratentorial WHO grade IV MG; solitary tumor 15.5cm in diameter; ≥4 weeks after chemotherapy, bevacizumab or study drug; adequate organ function; KPS≥70%; and positive anti-polio titer. The original two-step continual reassessment method dose escalation was amended to decrease to dose level(DL) -1 and DL-2 after observing prolonged steroid use in patients treated on higher DLs. Results: As of 2/01/2017, 52 pts were treated on study (1 each at DL1 and DL3, 7 at DL2, 2 at DL4, 4 at DL5, 24 at DL-1 and 13 at DL-2). Only one DLT was observed, a grade 4 intracranial hemorrhage at the time of catheter removal on DL5. Grade 3 or higher adverse events possibly, probably or definitely related to PVSRIPO include: lymphopenia (grade 3, n = 1), steroid myopathy (grade 3, n = 1), cerebral edema (grade 4, n = 1), headache (grade 3, n = 1), dystonia (grade 3, n = 1), pyramidal tract syndrome (grade 3, n = 6), seizure (grade 3, n = 1; grade 4, n = 1), delusions (grade 3, n = 1), hypertension (grade 3, n = 1), and thromboembolic events (grade 3, n = 2). At a median follow-up of 20.1 months, 20.8% of pts remain alive at 36month post PVSRIPO infusion, compared to 4% of an historical control. Four pts remain alive more than 22 months post treatment without having received any additional intervention following PVSRIPO at 57.5+, 56.4+, 27.9+ and 23.2+ months. Conclusions: Infusion of PVSRIPO via CED is safe and encouraging efficacy results are observed. The dose finding study is now completed and we are initiating clinical trials evaluating combination of PVSRIPO with other therapies. ER  - 
Clinical features of limbic encephalitis with LGI1 antibody$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to analyze the clinical manifestation, course, evolution, image manifestation, and treatments of LGI1 limbic encephalitis (LE). Patients and methods: Studies confirmed that LE with the complex antibody of voltage-gated potassium channels is LGI1 LE. Since then, LE cases have been reported. In this study, 10 typical LE cases were searched in PubMed. These cases and one additional case, which we reported herein, were retrospectively analyzed. Results: All the patients suffered from recent memory deterioration. The following cases were observed: eight with faciobrachial dystonic seizures (FBDS), six with different kinds of epileptic seizures (four complex partial seizures, one myoclonus seizure, and one generalized tonic–clonic seizure), four with FBDS and different kinds of epileptic seizures at the same time, five with mental disorders (one visual hallucination, one paranoia, one depression, one anxiety, and one dysphoria), five with hyponatremia, and two with sleep disorder. The brain MRI of nine patients revealed abnormalities in the mediotemporal lobe and the hippocampus. The LGI1 antibodies in the blood and/or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) were positive. The content of the CSF protein of two patients increased slightly. The tumor marker of all the patients was normal, but capitate myxoma was detected in the combined pancreas duct of one patient. Gamma globulin and hormone treatments were administered to nine patients. Of these patients, six received a combination of antiepileptic drugs. The clinical symptoms of all the patients improved. Conclusion: LGI1 LE is an autoimmune encephalitis whose clinical manifestations are memory deterioration, FBDS, epileptic seizure, mental disorders, and hyponatremia. Brain MRI shows that this autoimmune disease mainly involves the mediotemporal lobe and the hippocampus. This condition can also be manifested with other autoimmune encephalitis cases but can be rarely associated with tumors. After patients with LGI1 LE receive gamma globulin and hormone treatments, their clinical prognosis is good. ER  - 
How variable are psychogenic nonepileptic seizures? A retrospective semiological study$$$ Purpose To classify patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) according to a recently proposed classification system and investigate the variability of PNES semiology. Methods We retrospectively investigated all patients with PNES admitted at the Jefferson Comprehensive Epilepsy Center from 2012 through 2016. We classified their seizures after retrospectively reviewing their recorded videos during their video-EEG monitoring admission and investigated the seizure variability. We extracted all the clinical data from their medical records. We also studied factors potentially associated with seizure variability. Results Forty nine patients were studied and 220 seizures were reviewed and classified. Mean number of seizures per patient was 4.5. Twenty seven (55%) patients had subjective seizures, 26 (53%) had generalized motor, 14 (29%) had akinetic and five (10%) had focal motor seizures. Twenty eight (57%) patients had only one seizure class, while 19 (39%) patients had two different seizure classes and two (4%) patients had three seizure classes. Among 28 patients with one seizure class, 14 (50%) patients had variable semiologies from one seizure to the other. Hence, 71.5% of the patients showed either inter- or intra-class variability, whereas seizures were stereotypical in 28.5%. No demographic or clinical factors were significantly associated with variability of PNES semiology. Conclusion Neither the stereotypy nor the variability of PNES can or should be used as a marker of the disease and to differentiate PNES from epilepsy. The variability of the episodes of PNES does not hinder an appropriate classification of these seizures. ER  - 
COgnitive behavioural therapy versus standardised medical care for adults with Dissociative non-Epileptic Seizures (CODES): Statistical and economic analysis plan for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Dissociative seizures (DSs), also called psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, are a distressing and disabling problem for many patients in neurological settings with high and often unnecessary economic costs. The COgnitive behavioural therapy versus standardised medical care for adults with Dissociative non-Epileptic Seizures (CODES) trial is an evaluation of a specifically tailored psychological intervention with the aims of reducing seizure frequency and severity and improving psychological well-being in adults with DS. The aim of this paper is to report in detail the quantitative and economic analysis plan for the CODES trial, as agreed by the trial steering committee. Methods: The CODES trial is a multicentre, pragmatic, parallel group, randomised controlled trial performed to evaluate the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of 13 sessions of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) plus standardised medical care (SMC) compared with SMC alone for adult outpatients with DS. Discussion: The objectives and design of the trial are summarised, and the aims and procedures of the planned analyses are illustrated. The proposed analysis plan addresses statistical considerations such as maintaining blinding, monitoring adherence with the protocol, describing aspects of treatment and dealing with missing data. The formal analysis approach for the primary and secondary outcomes is described, as are the descriptive statistics that will be reported. This paper provides transparency to the planned inferential analyses for the CODES trial prior to the extraction of outcome data. It also provides an update to the previously published trial protocol and guidance to those conducting similar trials. Trial registration: ISRCTN registry ISRCTN05681227(registered on 5 March 2014); ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02325544(registered on 15 December 2014). ER  - 
Advising women with diabetes in pregnancy to express breastmilk in late pregnancy (Diabetes and Antenatal Milk Expressing [DAME]): a multicentre, unblinded, randomised controlled trial$$$ Background Infants of women with diabetes in pregnancy are at increased risk of hypoglycaemia, admission to a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), and not being exclusively breastfed. Many clinicians encourage women with diabetes in pregnancy to express and store breastmilk in late pregnancy, yet no evidence exists for this practice. We aimed to determine the safety and efficacy of antenatal expressing in women with diabetes in pregnancy. Methods We did a multicentre, two-group, unblinded, randomised controlled trial in six hospitals in Victoria, Australia. We recruited women with pre-existing or gestational diabetes in a singleton pregnancy from 34 to 37 weeks' gestation and randomly assigned them (1:1) to either expressing breastmilk twice per day from 36 weeks' gestation (antenatal expressing) or standard care (usual midwifery and obstetric care, supplemented by support from a diabetes educator). Randomisation was done with a computerised random number generator in blocks of size two and four, and was stratified by site, parity, and diabetes type. Investigators were masked to block size but masking of caregivers was not possible. The primary outcome was the proportion of infants admitted to the NICU. We did the analyses by intention to treat; the data were obtained and analysed masked to group allocation. This trial is registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry, number ACTRN12611000217909. Findings Between June 6, 2011, and Oct 29, 2015, we recruited and randomly assigned 635 women: 319 to antenatal expressing and 316 to standard care. Three were not included in the primary analysis (one withdrawal from the standard care group, and one post-randomisation exclusion and one withdrawal from the antenatal expressing group). The proportion of infants admitted to the NICU did not differ between groups (46 [15%] of 317 assigned to antenatal expressing vs 44 [14%] of 315 assigned to standard care; adjusted relative risk 1·06, 95% CI 0·66 to 1·46). In the antenatal expressing group, the most common serious adverse event for infants was admission to the NICU for respiratory support (for three [<1%] of 317. In the standard care group, the most common serious adverse event for infants was moderate to severe encephalopathy with or without seizures (for three [<1%] of 315). Interpretation There is no harm in advising women with diabetes in pregnancy at low risk of complications to express breastmilk from 36 weeks' gestation. Funding Australian National Health and Medical Research Council. ER  - 
Mental health status following severe sulfur mustard exposure: a long-term study of Iranian war survivors$$$ Introduction: This study aimed to describe the mental health status of sulfur mustard–exposed survivors suffering from severe respiratory and ophthalmological problems. Methods: Out of 450 invited Iran-Iraq War survivors of sulfur mustard exposure with severe symptoms, 350 participated in this cross-sectional study. Mental health status was assessed using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fourth edition, criteria. Fisher exact test, Pearson chi-square test, and chi-square test were used to assess any relationship, and the independent-sample t test was employed to compare differences between the veterans with ocular and pulmonary injuries. Results: There were 60.9% (n = 213) survivors who suffered from mental disorders. Among them, 39.7% (n = 139) were previously untreated and required the initiation of psychiatric treatment. The prevalence of anxiety and mood disorders among all survivors was 40.6% (n = 142) and 32.0% (n = 112), respectively. The most common anxiety and mood disorders were posttraumatic stress disorder (32.9%, n = 115) and major depressive disorder (22.3%, n = 78), respectively. Psychiatric disorders were more prevalent in cases with severe pulmonary chemical injury than in subjects with severe ophthalmologic chemical injury. Significant relationships were found between the types of psychiatric disorders and age, education, and occupation (P <.05). Conclusion: The psychiatric morbidity in the chemically injured populations was remarkable and significantly different between the populations. The prevalence of mental illness in these groups highlights the need for the appropriate provision of mental health services. ER  - 
Predicting Falls in People Aged 65 Years and Older from Insurance Claims$$$ Background Accidental falls among people aged 65 years and older caused approximately 2,700,000 injuries, 27,000 deaths, and cost more than 34 billion dollars in the US annually in recent years. Here, we derive and validate a predictive model for falls based on a retrospective cohort of those 65 years and older. Methods Insurance claims from a 1-year observational period were used to predict a fall-related claim in the following 2 years. The predictive model takes into account a person's age, sex, prescriptions, and diagnoses. Through random assignment, half of the people had their claims used to derive the model, while the remaining people had their claims used to validate the model. Results Of 120,881 individuals with Aetna health insurance coverage, 12,431 (10.3%) members fell. During validation, people were risk stratified across 20 levels, where those in the highest risk stratum had 10.5 times the risk as those in the lowest stratum (33.1% vs 3.1%). Conclusions Using only insurance claims, individuals in this large cohort at high risk of falls could be readily identified up to 2 years in advance. Although external validation is needed, the findings support the use of the model to better target interventions. ER  - 
Personality traits in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and psychogenic movement disorder (PMD): Neuroticism and perfectionism$$$ Objective Psychogenic movement disorder (PMD) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are two subtypes of conversion disorder (CD). In this case-control study, we asked whether these subtypes varied as a function of personality and history of childhood abuse. Methods Fifty-nine patients with PMD from the Human Motor Control Section Clinic at the National Institutes of Health, 43 patients with PNES from the Rhode Island Hospital Neuropsychiatry and Behavioral Neurology Division, and 26 healthy volunteers (HC) received a battery of neurological, psychiatric and psychological assessments, including the NEO Personality Inventory Revised (NEO PI-R), the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ), and the Traumatic Life Events Questionnaire (TLEQ). Results One-way ANOVA between the three groups indicated significant differences in overall domains of Neuroticism (p=0.001) and Conscientiousness (p=0.009): Patients with PNES reported significantly greater levels of Neuroticism (p=0.002) and lower levels of Conscientiousness (p=0.023) than patients with PMD. Levels of Neuroticism remained significantly higher in both PMD and PNES than HC following correction for multiple comparisons. Patients with PNES reported greater levels of depressive and anxiety symptoms, overall psychopathology, greater history of sexual abuse, greater levels of alexithymia, higher levels of dissociative symptoms, and an earlier age at which they experienced their most distressing traumatic event than patients with PMD. Conclusions These findings suggest that personality traits, type of abuse and age of onset of trauma varies as a function of CD subtype. Patients with PNES rated greater Neuroticism and lower Conscientiousness than patients with PMD. These differing psychological profiles may inform differing treatment approaches such as psychological therapies for PNES and physiotherapy (with/without psychotherapy) for PMD. ER  - 
Characteristics and Treatment of Patients with Clinical Illness Due to Synthetic Cannabinoid Inhalation Reported by Medical Toxicologists: A ToxIC Database Study$$$ Introduction : Synthetic cannabinoid (SC) abuse has resulted in numerous outbreaks of severe clinical illness across the United States over the past decade. The primary objective of this study was to determine the clinical characteristics of patients abusing SC requiring bedside consultation by medical toxicologists. Methods: This was a multicenter analysis from a prospectively collected cohort of patients presenting to medical care after synthetic cannabinoid exposure, utilizing the ToxIC Registry. Management of cases by medical toxicologists in this cohort occurred in emergency departments, inpatient medical floors, and intensive care units. Cases were identified from January 5, 2010 – July 31, 2015. We characterized the clinical presentations, treatments, outcomes, and sociologic factors associated with SC use in these patients. Results: Medical toxicologists participating in the ToxIC Registry cared for 39,925 cases between 2010 and 2015. Three hundred fifty three of these cases were determined to be SC toxicity. The median age of patients was 25 (IQR: 18, 36) and the majority were males (84%). The most common symptoms were agitation, delirium and toxic psychosis, n=146 (41%). Forty-four (12.5%) had heart rates above 140 beats per minute. Bradycardia was the second most commonly reported severe vital sign abnormality with 20 (5.7%) having heart rates of less than 50 beats per minute. Fifteen (4.2%) patients had hypotension. Fifty-nine (17%) had seizures. The most common pharmacologic treatment provided was benzodiazepines (n=131, 37%) followed by antipsychotics (n=36, 10%).Disposition was available for 276; of these 167 (61%) were managed in the emergency department, 42 (15%) were admitted to the hospital floor, and 67 (24%) were admitted to the ICU. Conclusions: Synthetic cannabinoids are associated with severe central nervous system and cardiovascular effects. ER  - 
The impact of melatonin on the alleviation of cognitive impairment during electroconvulsive therapy: A double-blind controlled trial$$$ Background The purpose of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of melatonin in the prevention of cognitive impairments during ECT treatment. Methods Forty patients diagnosed with a major depressive disorder, for which ECT was indicated as a treatment for their current episode, were randomly allocated to either the melatonin (3 mg/day) group or the placebo group. The patients received melatonin or the placebo for the whole period of the ECT treatment, starting the day before ECT and continuing until the sixth session of ECT. The Modified Mental State Examination (MMSE) and item 3 MMSE were used for the assessment of cognition. Objective measures of cognitive functioning were performed pre-ECT and post-ECT. Results In both the MMSE score and item 3 MMSE, the melatonin group scored significantly higher at the end of the ECT sessions than the control group (P < 0.02, P = 0.001, respectively). None of the patients discontinued the melatonin or placebo due to side effects and there were no severe adverse drug reactions. Conclusion Although our data support the hypothesis that melatonin may reduce cognitive impairment following ECT, we believed that the findings provide an additional benchmark for further studies involving more patients. ER  - 
Population Pharmacokinetics of Valproic Acid in Patients with Mania: Implication for Individualized Dosing Regimens$$$ Purpose This study characterized the population pharmacokinetic properties of valproic acid in patients with mania and determined potential factors that affect the pharmacokinetic properties of valproic acid in this population. Methods Routine therapeutic drug monitoring of valproic acid concentrations, demographic data, and concomitant medications from 206 hospitalized patients with mania were retrospectively collected from Somdet Chaopraya Institute of Psychiatry and Srithanya Hospital, Thailand. Nonlinear mixed-effect modeling was used for data analysis. Covariate model building was conducted using stepwise forward addition and stepwise backward elimination. The final model was evaluated using bootstrap analysis and normalized prediction distribution error. The results were compared with those previously reported in patients with epilepsy given that there is an evidence of a difference in valproic acid clearance between patients with mania and those with epilepsy. Findings Valproic acid data were adequately described by a 1-compartment model. Significant predictors for valproic acid clearance included valproic acid dose and weight. The population estimates for valproic acid CL/F and V/F were 0.464 L/h and 23.3 L, respectively. Valproic acid clearance obtained from this study did not seem to be significantly different from that of patients with epilepsy. Implications A qualified population pharmacokinetic model for valproic acid in patients with mania was developed. This model could be used to optimize valproic acid therapy in patients with mania. Valproic acid clearance could be predicted from valproic acid dose and weight of patients. This predicted clearance can subsequently be used for individualization of optimum valproic acid maintenance dose. ER  - 
Visual Auras in Epilepsy and Migraine – An Analysis of Clinical Characteristics$$$ Objective: To evaluate the characteristics of visual auras (VA) in epilepsy and migraine. Background: Both disorders are usually diagnosed on clinical grounds, but differentiation might be challenging in isolated auras or because of the similar presentation in migraine and epilepsy. Methods: A retrospective study of two cohorts was performed to compare the VA characteristics of 27 epilepsy patients and 27 age-matched migraine patients. Results: The duration of VA was significantly shorter in epilepsy (median: 56s; 1st quartile Q1: 26s; 3rd quartile Q3: 130s) than in migraine (20 min; Q1: 10 min; Q3: 30 min) (P <.0001). A cutoff duration of ≥5 minutes identified all migraine patients (100% sensitivity, 92% specificity). VAs of epileptic etiology were characterized by restriction to a visual hemifield (74.1% vs 29.6% in migraine, P =.0024) with stereotypic affection of one hemifield (55.5% vs 7.4% in migraine, P = 0.0003). Centrifugal or centripetal spread of visual phenomena only occurred in migraine (37.0%), but not in epilepsy (P = 0.0007). If present, accompanying symptoms such as nausea/vomiting (19/27) or photo-/phonophobia (17/27) identify migrainous auras (vs 0/27 in the epilepsy patients; P <.0001). Headache presented in all migraine patients, but was also observed in six of the epilepsy patients during cephalic auras or the postictal phase (P <.0001). None of the visual migrainous auras evolved into an epileptic seizure, a concept called migralepsy. Conclusions: Several clinical characteristics differentiate VA of epileptic and migrainous origin – if presenting in classical manner. Additional EEG evaluations should be performed in patients with VA of unclear etiology and epileptic VA features added to current classifications to increase their discriminatory power. ER  - 
Psychiatric side effects and antiepileptic drugs: Observations from prospective audits$$$ Psychiatric comorbidities are common in people with epilepsy. A retrospective study of characteristics associated with withdrawal due to psychiatric side effects was undertaken in patients with treated epilepsy participating in prospective audits with new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). A total of 1058 treated patients with uncontrolled seizures (942 focal-onset seizures, 116 generalized genetic epilepsies [GGEs]) participated in eight prospective, observational audits from 1996 to 2014. These patients were prescribed adjunctive topiramate (n = 170), levetiracetam (n = 220), pregabalin (n = 135), zonisamide (n = 203), lacosamide (n = 160), eslicarbazepine acetate (n = 52), retigabine (n = 64), or perampanel (n = 54). Doses were titrated according to efficacy and tolerability to optimize zeizure outcomes and reduce side effects. Psychiatric comorbidities were recorded prior to and after the addition of each AED. At baseline, patients with focal-onset seizures (189 of 942; 20.1%) were statistically more likely to have psychiatric diagnoses compared to patients with GGEs (14 of 116, 12.1%; p = 0.039). Following adjunctive AED treatment, neuropsychiatric adverse effects led to AED withdrawal in 1.9–16.7% of patients. Patients with a pre-treatment psychiatric history (22 of 209; 10.5%) were statistically more likely to discontinue their new AED due to psychiatric issues compared to patients with no previous psychiatric diagnosis (50 of 849; 5.9%; p = 0.017). Patients receiving sodium channel blocking AEDs (4 of 212, 1.9%) were statistically less likely to develop intolerable psychiatric problems, compared to those on AEDs possessing other mechanisms of action (68 of 846, 8.0%; p = 0.012). Depression was the commonest problem, leading to discontinuation of AEDs in 2.8% (n = 30) patients. Aggression was statistically more common in men (11 of 527, 2.1%) compared to women (1 of 531, 0.2%; p = 0.004). Patients with learning disability (12 of 122, 9.8%; p = 0.0015) were statistically less likely to have psychiatric issues prior to adjunctive AED treatment compared to other patients (208 of 936, 22.2%), but there were no statistically significant differences once the new AEDs were added (8 of 122 patients with learning disability, 6.6%; 64 of 936 other patients, 6.8%). Awareness of these issues may assist clinicians in avoiding, identifying and treating psychiatric comorbidities in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
The Epidemiology of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome and Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis in the UK$$$ Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) are rare but life-threatening mucocutaneous diseases. SJS/TEN mostly manifest as a reaction to new drug use, but little is known about their incidence and epidemiology. We conducted a large observational study on the epidemiology of SJS/TEN using data from the UK-based Clinical Practice Research Datalink. Among 551 validated SJS/TEN patients, we calculated an incidence rate of 5.76 SJS/TEN cases per million person-years between 1995 and 2013, which was consistent throughout the study period and was highest in patients aged 1–10 years and 80 years or older. Within a 1:4 matched case-control analysis, black and Asian patients were at a 2-fold risk of SJS/TEN when compared with white patients. Among patients with epilepsy and gout, odds ratios for SJS/TEN were significantly increased only in the presence of recent new drug treatment with antiepileptics or allopurinol, respectively. We observed statistically significant associations between SJS/TEN and pre-existing depression, lupus erythematosus, recent pneumonia, chronic kidney disease, and active cancer, but confounding by drug use needs to be followed up. This large and longitudinal observational study on the epidemiology of SJS/TEN contributes to the understanding of this still underinvestigated severe skin disease in a European and largely white study population. ER  - 
Development of a Paroxysmal Movement Disorder Diary for Patients with Glucose Transporter Type 1 Deficiency Syndrome (Glut1 DS$$$ Objective: To perform qualitative research to develop and establish content validity of a new clinical outcome assessment (COA) instrument for paroxysmal movement disorders in Glut1 DS and their impact on physical functioning. Background: Glut1 DS is a rare, genetic disorder characterized by impaired glucose transport to the brain, causing cerebral energy deficiencies. Glut1 DS symptoms can include seizures, cognitive impairments and/or paroxysmal movement disorders. The functional impact of the paroxysmal movement disorders is difficult to assess in-clinic due to their unpredictable onset. There are no COA instruments specific to Glut1 DS movement disorders. To address this gap the Paroxysmal Movement Disorder Diary was developed as a primary outcome measure for a phase 3 clinical trial in Glut1 DS. Methods: The qualitative research included a literature review and concept elicitation (CE) interviews with clinicians (n=3), Glut1 DS patients (n=1) and caregivers (n=9). The CE interviews involved open-ended questions about the experience and observation of Glut1 DS movement disorders and associated impacts. Six of the caregivers submitted videos of their child experiencing movement disorders for qualitative analysis, review and commentary by expert clinicians. Verbatim transcripts were analyzed using Atlas ti software and thematic analysis methods. To provide insights regarding the relevance, understanding and usability of the diary, pilot testing and cognitive interviews of the diary are ongoing. Results: Participants described paroxysmal events comprised of one or more symptoms. Symptoms included: ataxia, dysarthria, dystonia, oculomotor disorders, myoclonus/chorea, hypotonia, spasticity and tremors. The frequency, duration and functional impact of each movement disorder were variable. Informed by these findings, the diary was developed to assess the daily frequency, duration, type and functional impact of the heterogeneous paroxysmal movement disorders. Conclusions: Developed in accordance with the FDA PRO Guidance (2009), the Glut1 DS Paroxysmal Movement Disorder Diary provides the first Glut1 DS-specific assessment of relevant paroxysmal movement disorders and their functional impact. Future qualitative and quantitative research will seek to confirm the content and psychometric validity of the instrument. ER  - 
Assessments of movement disorder symptoms and functional impacts in Glucose Transporter Type 1 Deficiency Syndrome (Glut1 DS$$$ Objective: To identify Clinical Outcome Assessments (COAs) appropriate for the evaluation of paroxysmal movement disorder symptoms and functional impact in Glut1 DS. Background: Glut1 DS is a rare, genetic disorder characterized by impaired glucose transport to the brain, causing cerebral energy deficiencies. Symptoms can include seizures, movement disorders and cognitive impairment. Movement disorders associated with Glut1 DS can be continuous or paroxysmal with variable presentation. Patient and clinician reported measures and performance based tests were evaluated for their relevance and to inform endpoint selection for clinical trials. Methods: Patients with a confirmed Glut1 DS diagnosis and a history of movement disorder symptoms attended a 1-day visit. Assessments included caregiver/patient interviews and questionnaires (SF-10/SF-12), tests of walking capacity (12MWT) and fine and gross motor function (BOT-2), and clinician-rated scales of ataxia and abnormal dyskinesias. Actigraphy, using a wrist worn device, was assessed for =10 days after the visit. Results: Seven patients (5 pediatric/2 adults) participated in the study. Patients/caregivers reported impaired physical health secondary to movement disorder symptoms with a mean SF-10 Physical Summary Score ∼3SD below normative values. Participants reported some difficulties with activities of daily living (ADLs) due to continuous symptoms, with increased difficulty or inability to perform ADLs during a paroxysmal event. All subjects had impaired walking capacity as demonstrated by a mean 6-minute walk distance of 69% predicted during the 12MWT. Fine and gross motor function were not consistently impaired based on BOT-2 scores. Clinician-rated scales showed a minimal level of ataxia and abnormal movements at the time of testing. None of the subjects experienced a paroxysmal movement disorder event during testing. Actigraphy analysis suggests significantly less daytime activity compared to controls. Conclusions: Glut1 DS paroxysmal movement disorder events substantially affect physical function and ability to perform ADLs. The assessments studied were sensitive to the functional limitations of the subjects. However, as no paroxysmal events were observed during the visit, use of a daily diary may be more appropriate to capture the impact of these unpredictable and disabling events. ER  - 
Treatment of functional neurological disorders: Towards expert consensus led guidelines for the American neuropsychiatric association committee for research$$$ Objective: To develop evidence-based, expert consensus recommendations for the treatment of functional neurological disorders (FND) on behalf of the ANPA Committee for Research. Background: FND are common in neurology services and can be difficult to treat. There is a pressing need for evidence-based recommendations to guide clinicians, to inform clinical research, and to develop effective and efficient health care services for this population. Methods: A systematic search of PubMed was conducted using the terms “functional neurological disorder” and “conversion disorder” combined with treatment or management and clinical trial . Abstracts were screened by two investigators and relevant articles reviewed for sample size, symptom(s), intervention, endpoints, and key findings. This search was supplemented with relevant references from treatment chapters recently published in the Handbook of Clinical Neurology1. Results: The search identified 33 articles of which 13 were considered relevant. The supplementary search yielded an additional 41 articles. The articles comprised uncontrolled case studies or series; a minority were randomized-controlled trials (RCTs). Sample sizes ranged from 1 to 125. Most studies evaluated non-epileptic seizures and/or functional motor symptoms. Overall, interventions included scripted delivery of the diagnosis, guided self-help, structured psychotherapies, pharmacotherapy, hypnosis, physiotherapy, inpatient treatment, and transcranial magnetic stimulation. Outcome measures consisted predominantly of event frequency, physical and psychological rating scales, and clinical global impression. Objective, performance-based outcome measures, quality of life, and healthcare utilization were less commonly included. Most studies reported some improvement in outcome. RCTs of reasonable sample size supported the efficacy of manualized psychotherapy and physiotherapy. Conclusions: Challenges in developing recommendations for the treatment of FND include variability in nosology, a paucity of well-conducted RCTs and clinically-relevant outcome measures, and heterogeneity in study populations. Despite these caveats, evidence is accruing for the potential benefit of physical and psychological interventions. The work presented here comprises the initial phase in the development of comprehensive guidelines for FND treatment. ER  - 
Hyperammonemia associated with valproic acid in children with epilepsy$$$ Background: Valproic acid (VPA), is widely used in pediatrics as an effective anticonvulsant. A documented side effect of VPA therapy has been the elevation of the serum ammonia level. In some cases, hyperammonemia may be clinically significant, resulting in hyperammonemic encephalopathy, even with normal liver function and despite normal doses and serum levels of VPA. Aim: To record and evaluate the risk frequency of hyperammonemia and hyperammonemic encephalopathy in children with idiopathic epilepsy in VPA monotherapy. Materials and Methods: This is a retrospective study of 316 paediatric patients (168 boys/148 girls) aged 0-17 years from November 2010 to October 2016, on VPA monotherapy. Serum VPA concentration was measured (therapeutic range 50-100 mg/L, toxic level >150 mg/L). Serum ammonia level and liver function tests were performed to the patients presented with recurrent seizures, confusion, personality change, irritability, ataxia, visual disturbance, lethargy, and somnolence. Patients with serious hepatic dysfunction, metabolic disorders, or severe infections were excluded. Hyperammonemia was defined as a plasma ammonia level >93 N-μg/dl and severe hyperammonemia >150 N-μg/dl (normal range 29-70 N-μg/dl). Serum ammonia level, serum valproic acid level and liver function tests were performed by DxC600/BECKMAN-COULTER automated analyzer. Results: Among the 316 patients treated with VPA, 8 (3 boys/5 girls) (2.54%) had ammonia levels >93 N-μg/dl (mean: 121.25+-26.10) and 3 (1 boy/2 girls) of these 8 (37.5%) aged 2, 7 and 17 months, developed hyperammonemic encephalopathy. Hepatic function tests were normal and there was a positive correlation between the plasma ammonia level and the serum concentration of VPA (82-116 mg/L). Withdrawal of VPA and L-carnitine supplementation resulted in normalization of ammonia levels within 18-36h and encephalopathy resolution. Conclusions: Our study demonstrated that pediatric patients with epilepsy treated with VPA, aged 3 years or younger and of female gender, had an increased risk of hyperammonemia and valproic acid-induced hyperammonaemic encephalopathy. Physicians should be aware of this potential complication and check ammonia levels in patients taking VPA who present with alterations in mental status. Treatment with L-carnitine may be beneficial in reducing ammonia levels. ER  - 
Gabapentin in early abstinence is related to lower glutamate selectively in white matter but not to GABA levels in the cortex$$$ Oral Gabapentin (GP), a GABA analogue that may also affect glutamate (Glu) production, can normalize GABA and Glu tone during early abstinence from alcohol, effectively treating withdrawal symptoms and facilitating recovery (e.g., Bonnet et al. 1999, Schacht et al. 2011). In epilepsy, GP increases magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS)-detected brain GABA levels in a dose-dependent manner (Petroff et al. 1999, 2000). We tested the degree to which GP alters regional brain GABA and Glu levels in treatment-seeking alcohol dependent individuals. We compared regional GABA and Glutamate (Glu) levels in abstinent alcohol dependent individuals who did (ALC-GP, n = 13, 45 ± 11 years; 1992 ± 1414 mg/day for >1 week) and did not receive GP (ALC, n = 46, 47 ± 9 years) from their treatment provider. J-edited and STEAM protonMR spectra from different brain locations were obtained within 2-45 days of abstinence and from non/light-drinking controls (n = 12, 42 ± 9 years). Spectral peak areas were analyzed to yield absolute GABA and Glu levels under consideration of tissue content in the MRS volumes. GABA and Glu levels in the parieto-occipital cortex were not different between ALC and ALC-GP, and they did not differ significantly from controls (all p > 0.35). Furthermore, Glu levels in anterior cingulate cortex, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, and basal ganglia did not differ between ALC and ALC-GP (all p > 0.5). However, in a subgroup of individuals matched on age, sex, and abstinence duration, ALC-GP had markedly lower Glu in the frontal white matter (n = 9, 2.09 ± 0.28) than ALC (n = 8, 2.78 ± 0.33, p = 0.0003; ES = 2.2). Within the ALC-GP group, lower frontal white matter Glu related weakly to a higher daily GP dose (r = -0.58, p = 0.13). GP treatment at an average of 2 g/day for at least 1 week did not affect cortical GABA and Glu levels in abstinent alcohol dependent individuals, but it strongly decreased Glu levels in frontal white matter in a dose-dependent manner. Gabapentin for the treatment of withdrawal symptoms appears to work through reducing glial Glu, as previously suggested (Bonnet et al. 1999). The lack of a GABA increase with GP treatment in abstinent ALC who have normal cortical GABA levels is in contrast to conditions in which GP is used to treat initially low GABA levels, such as in epilepsy. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of oxytocin for alcohol dependence: A placebo controlled trial$$$ Purpose: To assess for evidence of efficacy and tolerability of intranasal oxytocin (OT) on drinking behavior in alcohol use disorders. Methods: A double-blind RCT comparing intranasal oxytocin (OT, 40 IU) and placebo (PBO, OT vehicle) given b.i.d. Subjects (n = 22, 13 male) were recruited fromcommunity advertising and met criteria for DSM-IV alcohol dependence with consumption of > 35 standard drinks/wk (men) or > 28 standard drinks/wk (women) over the 4 wks prior to screening. Exclusion criteria included history of withdrawal seizures or DTs, other substance dependence except for nicotine, clinically significant psychiatric or medical illness, AST/ALT >5X ULN, serumNa 150 mMol/L, serum K 5.3mMol/L. The trial was 12 wks (post-randomization clinic visits at wks 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, and 12) with Medical Management provided. The primary outcome measures were % Heavy Drinking Days (HDD), Drinks/ Drinking Day (DDD), and % Abstinent days assessed by the Time Line Followback method; Spielberger State Anxiety and the Penn Alcohol Craving Scale were used. Weekly usage measures were used to fit a mixed effects model consisting of main effect for treatment status. Results: Mean ± SD Age 48.6 ± 13 years; Pretreatment % HDD 0.80 ± 0.24; DDD 9.6 ± 4.69;% ABST 0.12 ± 0.21. 15 subjects completed the protocol (10 OT, 5 PBO). 7 dropouts (2 OT, 5 PBO) (4 at wks 4-8 and 3 at wks 1-3). Compliance was >80% for subjects with > 4 weeks medication use based on intranasal spray bottle weight changes. Significant OT vs PBO effects were seen for % HDD, p = 0.047 (d = 0.97, CI 0.05-1.82), and for DDD, p = 0.0008 (d = 1.84, CI 0.78-2.75), but no effect on % ABST was seen nor on craving or anxiety. OT treatment was generally well-tolerated except for late onset, mild, and possibly transient hyponatremia in 2 subjects and irritation of the nasal mucosa (1 subject) and throat (1 subject). Conclusion: In this pilot study in heavy drinking subjects, OT was associated with significant reductions in HDD and in DDD compared to PBO. The Effect Sizes for these outcomes were above d = 0.80 which is considered a large effect size. OT was well tolerated. Additional trials should be completed tomore fully assess whether OT has potential value for treatment. ER  - 
Effects of lamotrigine on attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in pediatric epilepsy patients$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of lamotrigine for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in children with epilepsy. Methods: Pediatric patients newly diagnosed with epilepsy (n=90 [61 boys and 29 girls]; mean age, 9.1±3.4 years) were enrolled. All patients were evaluated with the Korean ADHD rating scale (K-ARS)-IV before treatment with lamotrigine and after doses had been administered. The mean interval of ADHD testing was approximately 12.3 months. The initial dosage of lamotrigine was 1 mg/kg/day (maximum 25 mg/day for the first 2 weeks), and increased by 1 mg/kg every 2 weeks until titrated up to 7 mg/kg/ day (or maximum 200 mg/day). Results: The mean ADHD test score of the 90 subjects was 17.0±1.8 at baseline. It was slightly reduced to 15.6±1.7 after lamotrigine monotherapy (P>0.01). Prior to treatment, a total of 31 patients (34.4%) met the diagnostic criteria for ADHD according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th Edition, Text Revision, Of these 31 patients, 27 (87.1%) had significantly improved ADHD scores with lamotrigine monotherapy (28.0±1.6 reduced to 18.1±2.6, P<0.001). Among these 27 patients, 25 (92.6%) showed normalized electroencephalogram (EEG) and 26 (96.3%) achieved total freedom from seizures within 12 months of the initiation of lamotrigine monotherapy. Conclusion: The results from our study show that lamotrigine had a positive effect in pediatric epilepsy patients by reducing ADHD symptoms, preventing seizures, and normalizing EEG. However, further research is required to determine whether lamotrigine is efficacious against ADHD symptoms independent of its effects on epileptic seizures. ER  - 
A retrospective cohort study of high-impact users among patients with cerebrovascular conditions$$$ Objective To apply group-based trajectory modelling (GBTM) to the hospital administrative data to evaluate, model and visualise trends and changes in the frequency of long-term hospital care use of the subgroups of patients with cerebrovascular conditions. Design A retrospective cohort study of patients with cerebrovascular conditions. Settings Secondary care of all patients with cerebrovascular conditions admitted to English National Hospital Service hospitals. Participants All patients with cerebrovascular conditions identified through national administrative data (Hospital Episode Statistics) and subsequent emergency hospital admissions followed up for 4 years. Main outcome measure Annual number of emergency hospital readmissions. Results GBTM model classified patients with intracranial haemorrhage (n=2605) into five subgroups, whereas ischaemic stroke (n=34 208) and transient ischaemic attack (TIA) (n=20 549) patients were shown to have two conventional groups, low and high impact. The covariates with significant association with high-impact users (17.1%) among ischaemic stroke were epilepsy (OR 2.29), previous stroke (OR 2.18), anxiety/depression (OR 1.63), procedural complication (OR 1.43), admission to intensive therapy unit (ITU) or high dependency unit (HDU) (OR 1.42), comorbidity score (OR 1.36), urinary tract infections (OR 1.32), vision loss (OR 1.32), chest infections (OR 1.25), living alone (OR 1.25), diabetes (OR 1.23), socioeconomic index (OR 1.20), older age (OR 1.03) and prolonged length of stay (OR 1.00). The covariates associated with high-impact users among TIA (20.0%) were thromboembolic event (OR 3.67), previous stroke (OR 2.51), epilepsy (OR 2.25), hypotension (OR 1.86), anxiety/depression (OR 1.63), amnesia (OR 1.62), diabetes (OR 1.58), anaemia (OR 1.55), comorbidity score (OR 1.39), atrial fibrillation (OR 1.27), living alone (OR 1.25), socioeconomic index (OR 1.13), older age (OR 1.04) and prolonged length of stay (OR 1.02). The high-impact users (0.5%) among intracranial haemorrhage were strongly associated with thromboembolic event (OR 20.3) and inversely related to older age (OR 0.58). Conclusion GBTM effectively assessed trends in the use of hospital care by the subgroups of patients with cerebrovascular conditions. High-impact users persistently had higher annual readmission during the follow-up period. ER  - 
Lymphoma remissions caused by anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor T cells are associated with high serum interleukin-15 levels$$$ Purpose T cells genetically modified to express chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) targeting CD19 (CAR-19) have potent activity against acute lymphoblastic leukemia, but fewer results supporting treatment of lymphoma with CAR-19 T cells have been published. Patients with lymphoma that is chemotherapy refractory or relapsed after autologous stem-cell transplantation have a grim prognosis, and new treatments for these patients are clearly needed. Chemotherapy administered before adoptive T-cell transfer has been shown to enhance the antimalignancy activity of adoptively transferred T cells. Patients and Methods We treated 22 patients with advanced-stage lymphoma in a clinical trial of CAR-19 T cells preceded by low-dose chemotherapy. Nineteen patients had diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, two patients had follicular lymphoma, and one patient had mantle cell lymphoma. Patients received a single dose of CAR-19 T cells 2 days after a low-dose chemotherapy conditioning regimen of cyclophosphamide plus fludarabine. Results The overall remission rate was 73% with 55% complete remissions and 18% partial remissions. Eleven of 12 complete remissions are ongoing. Fifty-five percent of patients had grade 3 or 4 neurologic toxicities that completely resolved. The low-dose chemotherapy conditioning regimen depleted blood lymphocytes and increased serum interleukin-15 (IL-15). Patients who achieved a remission had a median peak blood CAR+ cell level of 98/mL and those who did not achieve a remission had a median peak blood CAR+ cell level of 15/mL (P = .027). High serum IL-15 levels were associated with high peak blood CAR+ cell levels (P = .001) and remissions of lymphoma (P, .001). Conclusion CAR-19 T cells preceded by low-dose chemotherapy induced remission of advanced-stage lymphoma, and high serum IL-15 levels were associated with the effectiveness of this treatment regimen. CAR-19 T cells will likely become an important treatment for patients with relapsed lymphoma. ER  - 
Myoclonic jerks are commonly associated with absence seizures in early-onset absence epilepsy$$$ Aim. Typical absence seizures are observed in various epilepsy syndromes, however, few series have focused on early-onset absence epilepsy (EOAE). We aimed to evaluate the occurrence of this seizure type in children under 4 years of age in order to evaluate their electroclinical characteristics and outcome. Methods. We retrospectively studied (2006–2014) the electroclinical features of children with normal development and typical absence seizures starting before the age of 4 (with available pre-treatment video-EEG). Results. Nine patients were included. Among them, eight patients had rhythmic myoclonic jerks involving the muscles of the upper face (eyebrows and eyelids) or neck, present from the onset to the end of the typical absence discharge. The myoclonia were synchronous with spike-wave complexes. One patient with GLUT-1 deficiency was refractory to antiepileptic polytherapy. The other eight became seizure-free; five with one antiepileptic drug and three with a combination of two drugs. The treatment was successfully withdrawn in five of the six patients who achieved two years of seizure freedom. None of them exhibited any other seizure type. Four of the eight patients with normal schooling required some support. We observed a positive correlation between the duration of absence seizure and the age of the patient at examination. Conclusion. Most of the patients under four years with only typical absence seizures had EOAE, and the motor symptoms may represent a distinctive age-related feature of EOAE. Further investigations are required to better correlate the role of brain maturation with the duration of the absence. [Published with video sequence on www.epilepticdisorders.com]. ER  - 
Long-term follow-up of two siblings with adult-onset neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis, Kufs type A$$$ Aim. Reports on the clinical presentation of adult-onset neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses (NCL) are scarce compared to infantile- and childhood-onset forms. Here, we aimed to present detailed temporal evolution of clinical and electrophysiological features of two siblings with adult-onset NCL and homozygous mutation in the CLN6 gene. Methods. We retrospectively analysed medical records and electrophysiological data in order to delineate evolution of clinical and electrophysiological findings. Electrophysiological studies included routine EEG and video-EEG, as well as polymyographic analysis of myoclonus and brainstem reflex studies. Results. Both patients had seizures and cerebellar signs. Despite the slow progression of ataxia, they developed no mental deterioration, but had severe obsessive compulsive disorder and depression. EEG revealed frequent generalized spikes, polyspikes, and waves, prominent on awakening and during photic stimulation without significant change throughout the clinical course. Abnormalities concerning the blink reflex, auditory startle response, and startle response to somatosensory inputs manifested within four years. The patients underwent transient and mild improvement with valproate, whereas ataxia and seizures were dramatically ameliorated following high-dose piracetam. Conclusions. Patients with adult-onset NCL may present with slowly progressive ataxia, persistent photosensitivity, and seizures without dementia or extrapyramidal findings. Brainstem abnormalities become more evident with time, in line with ataxia. Piracetam is effective for both seizures and ataxia. ER  - 
Adjunctive lacosamide for focal epilepsy: an open-label trial evaluating the impact of flexible titration and dosing on safety and seizure outcomes$$$ Aims. To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of lacosamide in a real-life setting with the use of a flexible dose titration schedule and individualised maintenance doses up to the maximum approved dose of 400 mg/day. Methods. Adults with a diagnosis of focal seizures, with or without secondary generalization, were enrolled in this open-label Phase IV trial (NCT01235403). Lacosamide was initiated at 100 mg/day (50 mg bid) and uptitrated over a 12-week period to 200, 300 or 400 mg/day, based on safety and seizure control. Although dose increases were to be in increments of 100 mg/day, intermediate doses were permitted at each escalation step for one week for patients known to be particularly sensitive to starting new AEDs. After receiving a stable, effective dose for three weeks, patients entered the 12-week maintenance period. Primary outcomes were incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and withdrawal due to TEAEs. Seizure outcomes, all secondary, were median focal seizure frequency, ≥50% reduction in focal seizure frequency, and seizure freedom. Results. One hundred patients with a mean age of 44 years were enrolled and 74 completed the trial. The incidence of TEAEs was 64.0% (n=100), with the most frequently reported (≥5% of patients) being dizziness, headache, and asthenia. Fourteen patients withdrew due to TEAEs, most frequently due to dizziness (six patients; 6.0%), vomiting (two patients; 2%), and tremor (two patients; 2%). Among patients with baseline and maintenance phase seizure data (n=75), median reduction in focal seizure frequency from baseline was 69.7% and the ≥50% responder rate was 69.3%. Among 74 patients who completed the maintenance phase, 21 (28.4%) were seizure-free. Conclusion. Flexible lacosamide dosing in this open-label trial was associated with a favourable tolerability and safety profile; the nature of the TEAEs was consistent with that observed in previous pivotal trials. Treatment with lacosamide was also associated with effective seizure control. ER  - 
Cytokine release syndrome after the first intrathecal chemotherapy in a pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia with an early meningeal relapse$$$ Background: Central nervous system (CNS) is a frequent site of recurrence in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), and Triple Intrathecal Therapy (TIT) with Methotrexate (MTX), Cytarabine (ARA-C) and hydrocortisone, at doses for age, is the mainstay of the treatment of CNS relapse. Severe neurotoxicity is well known TIT complication, usually related to repeated infusions and neurotoxic concomitant systemic drugs. Aims:We describe a case of a massive acute leukoencephalopathy after only one TIT, in a 5 year-old child with an early isolated CNS relapse of ALL (26 months after the first diagnosis), rapidly proceeding to comatose status. Methods: At admission for disease restaging at the end of first-line trial, the child showed physical and neurological examination completely negative, such as haematological, bioumoral and ultrasound findings. The cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) appeared turbid and liquoral pressure increased. CSF count showed 8100 cells/μl; morphology and flow citometry confirmed an early isolated CNS relapse. Due to the abnormal pleocytosis, TIT administration associated with oral dexamethasone was suddenly performed without any other concomitant chemotherapy. To prevent acute toxicities from tumor lysis syndrome, the patient received hydratation, allopurinol, acetazolamide and prophylaxis of seizures with levetiracetam. After few hours from TIT, the child developed severe headache followed by skin urticarial rash, high blood pressure and hallucinations, rapidly evolving in flaccid paralysis of lower extremities. A brain resonance (MRI) showed diffuse areas of hyperintensity of white matter, particularly cortical and subcortical areas, cerebellar region, optic chiasm and brainstem in T2-Flair sequences; spinal cord shower massive edema, especially in lombar region. The MRI pattern was interpreted as diffuse grade IV leukoencephalopathy of probable toxic nature. The child, 30 h after TIT, was transferred to intensive care unit for progressive ascending paralysis and respiratory distress that required intubation. During the following days, other three diagnostic lumbar puncture were performed that showed significant reduction of blasts cells (20, 10 and 0 cells/μL, respectively). Results: Patient persisted in deep coma for 5 days, until he restart a spontaneous breathing. After waking up, the child showed rapid neurological ameliorations, such as reappearance of reflexes, spontaneous movements of eyes, hand and feet fingers. The subsequent MRI highlighted improvement of hyperintensity at midbrain, brainstem and bridge brain areas and spinal cord with persistence of altered signals in subcortical white matter. The visual evoked potentials were normal and the motor and sensory conduction velocity appeared slowed without axonal damage; EEG showed slow waves spread. At the moment, after three week from severe neurological complication, the child is fully awake, moving all four limbs, but requires motor and phoniatric rehabilitation. Systemic chemotherapy with high-dose MTX and IT ARA-C is restarted without any additional neurotoxicity. Dosage of CSF levels of interleukin 6 and its soluble receptor is ongoing. Summary/Conclusions: Although leukoencephalopathy following IT MTX or ARA-C administration are described, the severity and rapidity of event's onset, associated with CSF remission after a single TIT administration, suggests us that neurotoxicity could be related to massive blast cytolysis with subsequent cytokine release syndrome causing an inflammatory leukoencephalopathy. This syndrome is a frequent complication of blinatumomab or chimeric antigen receptor T-cells administrations. The CSF IL-6 dosing could clarify the pathogenesis of the event. ER  - 
Prevalence of associated co-morbidities influencing choice of migraine prophylaxis in a headache clinic$$$ Background: The choice of prophylactic therapy in migraine is often dictated by contra-indication to, or a desirable side-effect of, a particular drug. Methods: This was a prospective observational study, with serial recruitment of subjects fulfilling inclusion criteria, from the Neurology and Headache clinics of a municipal teaching hospital. Migraine was defined as per ICHD-2 criteria. Evaluation of co-morbidities was done with interview of patient and relative and clinical examination on 2 visits. Depression was diagnosed as per DSM-4 criteria by standard interview format. Vestibu-lar migraine was diagnosed as per Lempert's criteria. Prophylactic medications were advised if the patient had 2 or more migraine episodes per month, causing significant disability despite abortive medications being taken. The choice of prophylactic medications was guided by the presence of Obstructive Airway disease or brittle DM (Beta blockers avoided), and the presence of Depression (Tricyclic antidepressants preferred), vestibular Migraine (Flunarizine preferred), Epilepsy (Topiramate or Valproate preferred), Hypertension or IHD (Betablockers preferred). Additionally, in women of child-bearing age (21-40 yrs), Valproate was not prescribed. 212 patients (162 of them women) with Migraine requiring prophylaxis were studied, average age being 36.3 yrs. Stats-Windows SPSS package version 22 Results: Among the 139 women under 40 years, none had Diabetes, Asthma or Cardiac disorders. The presence of Depression in 8, Hypertension in 2, Seizures in 5, and associated Vertigo in 52 led to the 1st line choice of Amitryptiline, Betablockers, Topiramate, and Flunari-zine resp. in these groups.Thus, 67/139 (48.2%) young women had the prophylactic medication determined by the associated condition. Among the older women (23), 11 had contraindication to certain drugs (Asthma in 6, Diabetes in 4, Cardiac Failure in 1) and 17 had associated conditions which could benefit with certain medications (IHD 22, Ht-7, vertigo-16 and Depression in 1. Four women had more than 1 condition). Only 5/23 (21.7%) women over 40 had no contra-indication or co-morbidity. Vertigo was the commonest comorbidity, (37.4% of young women, 69% of older women, and 6% of men). Depression was next, being present in 3.5% of young women and 13% of older women. Depression was significantly commoner in women migraineurs over 40 years as compared to younger women. (P 0.03, OR 3.58, 95% CI 1.12-11.41). Vertigo was significantly commoner in women migraineurs over 40 years as compared to younger women. (P <0.0001, OR 3.78. 95% C I 2.10-6.81) Conclusion: Associated Vertigo in 37.4% of younger women and 69% of older women led to Flunarizine as the first choice, while Depression in 13.4% of older women and 3.5% of younger women led to Amitrypti-line as the first choice. Depression and Vertigo were both significantly commoner among older women. Additionally, 30.4% of women over 40 years had associated Hypertension, necessitating therapy with Betablockers or a combination of Betablocker and Flunarizine due to overlap between vertigo and Hypertension. ER  - 
Possible refractory migraine-evaluation of proportion of cases refractory to 2 medications over 6 months in a headache clinic$$$ Background: Refractory migraine may be diagnosed if there is failure of prophylactic medication from at least 3 of 4 drug groups Methods: Aims-To prospectively evaluate the prevalence of migraine refractory to appropriate double-medication prophylaxis, at 6 months' follow-up of patients. M&M-This was a prospective observational study, with serial recruitment of all patients with newly diagnosed Migraine (ICHD-2) requiring prophylactic medications. There were no exclusion criteria. The Visual Analogue scale and MIDAS score were used for assessing Migraine severity. Evaluation of co-morbidities viz. the presence of Hypertension, Diabetes Mellitus, Ische-mic heart disease, Obstructive airway disease, Depression, Vertigo and Epilepsy were all done with examination on 2 visits. Depression and Vestibular migraine were diagnosed as per DSM-4 and Lempert's criteria respy. Prophylactic medications were advised if the patient had 2 or more migraine episodes per month, causing significant disability despite abortive medications being taken. The abortive medications included Sumatriptan 50 mg or Riza-triptan 10 mg or a combination of Naproxen with Domper-idone. The choice of prophylactic medications was guided by the presence of Obstructive Airway disease or brittle DM (Beta blockers avoided), and the presence of Depression (TCA preferred), vestibular Migraine (Flunarizine preferred), Epilepsy (Topiramate or Valproate preferred), Hypertension or IHD (Betablockers preferred). Additionally, in women of child-bearing age (21-40 yrs), Valproate was not prescribed due to its effect on reproductive hormones. Patients with relevant co-morbidity received appropriate drug. Randomisation to medications was done by random number generation only if there were no co-morbidities or contraindications to drugs. MIDAS score over 11 was denoted as 'non-improvement', at 3 and 6 months' review on treatment. Stats-Windows SPSS package version 22 Results: 109 migrainous patients (mean age 32, 67% females, 27% with aura) were assessed. Associated disorders were seen in 18.6% patients (Vertigo 50%, Hypertension 20%, Epilepsy 15%, Depression 10%, IHD 5%, obesity 11%). 67.4% had one or more contra-indications to medication (young female 89.8%, Diabetes 8.4%, Asthma 5%, Cardiac failure 1.5%). The distribution of prophylactic medications after accounting for co-morbidities was-Amitriptyline 25/109(22.93%), Propranolol 27/109(24.77%), Valproate 22/109(20.18%), Flunarizine 32/109(29.36%) and Topiramate 3/109(2.75%). Only 30.2% (33/109) patients were truly randomisable to any prophylactic medication. Statistically, all the 5 prophylactic medications showed similar efficacy at 3 months. Sustained improvement over 3 months was seen maximally in Flunarizine group (48%, vs 31-34% for other prophylactics). Significant improvement in 1st month itself was seen maximally in Propranalol (17.8%). 17/109 patients remained unimproved at 3 months and needed second drug. At the end of another 3 months, 4 (3.66% of original 109) remained unimproved, denoting migraine refractory to 2 medications. Conclusion: Migraine refractory to 2 appropriate medications was seen in 3.66% of patients at 6 months' review. ER  - 
Role of epilepsy monitoring unit in the investigation of patients with epilepsy and developmental delay$$$ Background: A significant part of the developmental delay (DD) population has epilepsy (26-70%) and live in an institution. These patients tend to have atypical presentation of epileptic seizures with higher risk of misdiagnosis. Distinguishing their ictal events from paroxysmal behaviors can be challenging.There often is a lack of description of the spells or inadequate history from the caregivers or the patients. These patients often have drug resistant epilepsy requiring polypharmacy with increased risk of morbidity and mortality. The aim of this study was to determine usefulness of Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) in diagnosis and management of these patients. Methods: This is a retrospective observational study of the patients with epilepsy and DD living in institutions that were admitted to the EMU. Results: Four patients met the inclusion criteria for this study. The mean age was 45(29-71), 3/4 (N=3) were male and 3/4 had focal epilepsy. All patients had mood disorders and 2 were taking antipsychotic medication. The mean admission-time was 6,25 days (2-15) and there was a correlation with the events and seizures in 2/4 of the patients and the rest had a combination of behavioural-changes and seizures. Conclusions: EMU admission can provide an accurate diagnosis of spells in patients with DD and epilepsy, and improve their quality of life. ER  - 
Stroke-like episodes add to the phenotypic spectrum of GLUT1 deficiency syndrome$$$ Objective: In glucose transporter protein 1 deficiency syndrome (GLUT1DS), glucose transport into the brain is diminished, which leads to clinical symptoms as well as characteristic (and diagnostic) abnormalities in cerebrospinal fluid chemistry. The classic phenotype of GLUT1DS includes microcephaly, developmental delay, infantile-onset drug-resistant epilepsy, and movement disorders, including spasticity, ataxia, and dystonia. The range of clinical syndromes associated with GLUT1DS has expanded tremendously. Recognizing GLUT1DS is crucial because it can be treated with the ketogenic diet, as ketone bodies serve as alternative energy source for the brain. We add another paroxysmal disorder to the expanding clinical spectrum of GLUT1DS: paroxysmal, acute onset hemiparesis and aphasia, resembling acute stroke-like episodes. Methods: Retrospective case study of five children with GLUT1DS and stroke-like episodes. Results: 4 females and 1 male, aged 2-10 years presented with paroxysmal hemiparesis and dysarthria or aphasia for a duration of 5 min to 2 h. These episodes were triggered by fasting, exercise or heat. All patients were eventually diagnosed with a SLC2A1 gene mutation. The diagnosis GLUT1DS was confirmed by cerebrospinal fluid analysis. In all patients, stroke and seizures were excluded by MRI and EEG. Hemiplegic migraine was rejected in the absence of headache and subsequent development of migraine. In all patients, symptoms improved with ketogenic diet, except for one patient, in whom prevention of long periods of fasting sufficed to remain free of symptoms. Conclusion: Episodes of acute hemiplegia and/or aphasia resembling stroke add to the broad phenotype of GLUT1DS. Clinicians must be aware of the possibility of GLUT1DS when young patients present with stroke-like episodes, because it has major diagnostic and therapeutic consequences that differ from stroke and other paroxysmal events localized in one cerebral hemisphere. All children improved with the ketogenic diet or prevention of trigger factors such as long periods of fasting. ER  - 
ATP1A3 related disease: A series of new mutations expanding clinical phenotype$$$ Introduction: ATP1A3 gene is located on 19q13.2 and encodes for the alpha-3 catalytic subunit of the Na+/K+ ATPase transmembrane ion pump. Gene mutations are associated with alternating hemiplegia of childhood (AHC), rapid-onset dystonia with parkinsonism or dystonia 12 (RPD), CAPOS (cerebellar ataxia, areflexia, pes cavus, optic atrophy and sensorineural hearing loss) syndrome and catastrophic early life epilepsy. Many intermediate phenotypes have been described. Methods: medical charts and videos of patients referred to the Movement Disorders Clinic of Bambino Gesù Children's Hospital were retrospectively evaluated. All patients were genetically proven for ATP1A3 gene mutations, 4 of them were not previously reported. Results: Five patients with “atypical” phenotype were selected. Three patients were sporadic mutations, while two patients were directly related. Patient one had an early onset epileptic encephalopathy and later on developed paroxysmal episodes of non- epileptic origin (hypo-motor status), monocular nystagmus and episodes of apnoea. He had a multi drug resistance epilepsy associated to developmental delay. Currently he is well responding to the ketogenic diet (3:1 ratio). Patients 2 and 3 represent a familial case. The proband developed at 18 months dysmetria, hypotonia and upper limbs tremor and lost the standing and sitting position. Her mother had an episode of hypotonia and seizures at the same age and after 5 years developed generalized dystonia. Patient four initially presented episodes of intermittent flaccidity and bulbar symptoms and then developed sudden onset of severe generalized dystonia, hypothonia, bradykinesia, and ataxic gait. Patient five exhibited an early onset infantile epilepsy with episodes of non-epileptic origin of hemiparesis. After several years, she abruptly developed a RDP phenotype and recently psychotic symptoms and anorexic behaviour associated. Discussion: here we present five different cases of ATP1A3 mutations showing intermediate and overlapping phenotypes compared to the classic ones. This series expand the continuum phenotype spectrum of ATP1A3. ER  - 
Non-epileptic paroxysmal events vs seizures-The value of video-EEG monitoring in children aged 0-3$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to establish the value of video EEG monitoring in children in distinguishing non-epileptic paroxysmal events, from epileptic seizures and its predictive value for an epilepsy diagnosis. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the recordings and charts of 54 children aged 0-3 on their first admission for behavioural events between january 2016 - december 2016 in our pediatric neurology department, and had video-EEG performed. Results: In our group 25% (n = 14) had a clinical event during monitoring, out of which 78% (n = 11) had no electrographic correspondence and 21% (n = 3) had electrical correspondence for the events recorded; for 74% (n = 40) of them, there were no events during monitoring, but 42% (n = 17) had interictal epileptiform discharges out of which 82% (n = 14) had been diagnosed with epilepsy upon discharge and 18% (n = 3) were inconclusive. 26% (n = 23) had no events, no epileptiform discharges and were diagnosed with non-epileptic paroxysmal events. Median length of recording time was 2.12 hours. Follow-up was ensured every 3 months, with 24% (n = 13) of the 54 children admitted having been put on one AED by the end of the study. Conclusion: Video-EEG is an especially useful tool in distinguishing epileptic seizures from non-epileptic paroxysmal events when the patient has an event during the recording. However, careful patient history taking alongside interictal discharges and also lead to an epilepsy diagnosis, with routine video-EEG monitoring performed every 3 months as part of the follow-up protocol. Video- EEG has an important predictive value for an epilepsy diagnosis and together with the clinical features (which can, at times, be too subtle), can influence the therapeutic decision of the clinician. ER  - 
Pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy (PDE): Diagnostic and therapeutic queries$$$ Objective: PDE is caused by alpha-amino adipic semialdehyde (AASA) dehydrogenase deficiency. AASA and piperideine-6- carboxylate (P6C) are the most specific diagnostic biomarkers, but may be omitted in case of non-classic presentations. Early intervention with pyridoxine, lysine restriction and arginine supplementation is a prerequisite for optimal outcomes. Several queries still exist: how to detect non-classic cases? What is the optimal dose for pyridoxine? Methods: Retrospective and prospective observational study of 4 PDE patients in 3 different tertiary care centres. Results: 1. Girl: neonatal seizures resolved at day 7. Seizures restarted 3 months later and disappeared on levetiracetam. Three months later, urine AASA appeared elevated and pyridoxine was started. Retrospectively, blood pipecolic acid (PA; analyzed because of suspicion of peroxisomal disease) was 15.2 uM (normal <5 uM) already known at neonatal age. 2. Boy: better accomplishments noted at school at 7.4 versus 5.0 mg/kg/d pyridoxine. 3. Boy: attention deficit disorder improved at 25 versus 15 mg/kg/d pyridoxine. 4. Teenage girl: depressive mood resolved at 3.0 versus 1.5 mg/kg/d pyridoxine. Conclusion: In case of suspicion of PDE, pyridoxine should promptly be started and AASA/ P6C ordered. If PDE is not suspected, because of non-classic PDE, elevated PA can be an alerting biomarker for PDE. But it is less specific than AASA/P6C and requires diagnostic confirmation. In case of persisting behavioural symptoms, despite adequate seizure control on triple therapy, a trial of increased pyridoxine is suggested, with proper evaluation of the effect. The maximum is 30 mg/kg/d. Peripheral neuropathy is a possible side-effect. In order to determine the best therapeutic and monitoring strategy for PDE and to answer these queries further, systematic collection of standardized cognitive, behavioural, neurological and biochemical follow-up data via an international PDE database is mandatory and has been established. We welcome all new patients with confirmed ATQ deficiency on www.pdeonline.org. ER  - 
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in pediatric patients with malignant hematologic diseases and epilepsy: Experience at a Tertiary Care Hospital in Korea$$$ Objective: Pediatric patients with epilepsy and malignant hematologic diseases (MHD) are at increased risk of mental health problems compared to the general population. The purpose of this study is to identify the prevalence of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorders (ADHD) among pediatric patients treated for MHD and epilepsy in Korea. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed 184 patients diagnosed with epilepsy and 172 patients diagnosed with malignant hematologic diseases in pediatric departments of Seoul St. Mary's hospital from May 2009 to May 2013. Normal controls were selected at out- patient clinic where they visited for vaccination. Results: Pediatric patients with epilepsy and MHD exhibited a significantly higher rate of ADHD (29.6%, and 37.5%, respectively) compare to the controls (11.9%) (P=0.039). All groups were predominantly inattentive subtypes of ADHD. There were no significant group difference for sex and age. Conclusion: Pediatric patients with MHD and epilepsy are at significant risk for ADHD and there is a need for efficacious intervention of ADHD. Baseline testing of all MHC and epilepsy patients is necessary to check neuropsychological and academic skills over time, in order to facilitate early intervention and prevent academic failure. ER  - 
Rufinamide in patients with childhood onset intractable epilepsy$$$ Objective: This study is aimed to evaluate the effectiveness and tolerability of rufinamide as add-on therapy in patients with intractable epilepsies. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of 94 patients treated with rufinamide in Asan Medical Center, children's hospital. Twenty-five cases with less than 3 months of medication and 4 cases with incomplete medical records were excluded and total 65 cases were enrolled. Rufinamide was added on the existing antiepileptic drugs and the total seizure frequency at pre-medication, 3 months and 12 months were examined. Results: The mean age of 65 patients (44 male) were was 10 yrs (range, 1-24yrs). At 3 months after rufinamide initiation, 5 patients achieved freedom fromseizures and 38 (58%) achieved a ≥50% seizure reduction. At 12 months, 8 of 55 patients achieved seizure freedom and 60% (23/55) achieved ≥50% seizure reduction. There was no significant difference of sex, age at seizure onset, duration of epilepsy, seizure types, and the diagnosis of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) between responders and non-responders. The retention rate was hold up to 72% at 3 months, 64% at 12 months of study. Total 21 patients reported adverse events in order of somnolence, seizure aggravation, insomnia, common cold, nausea and vomiting and 3 cases of seizure aggravation, 1 case of somnolence, 1 case of visual hallucination had to stop the medication of rufinamide. Conclusion: In this study, rufinamide is effective and tolerable in patients with intractable epilepsy of childhood onset. The effectiveness is not significantly different according to their epileptic syndrome diagnosis of LGS. Further research is required to define the efficacy of rufinamide in intractable epilepsy other than LGS. ER  - 
RUFIPRAT: A retrospective study on the everyday clinical use of Rufinamide in children with refractory epilepsy$$$ Objective: Evaluate efficacy and tolerability of Rufinamide as used in everyday clinical practice by French child Neurologists. Methods: The files of children aged 4 years and above, treated with Rufinamide between January 2010 and December 2015 at 6 University Hospitals (Grenoble, Lyon, Marseille, Paris-Robert Debré, Paris-Necker, Toulouse) were collected by a per centre principal investigator and pooled for analysis. Data related to the global epilepsy profile (age at onset; underlying aetiology; type(s) of seizures and predominant type of seizures; syndromic diagnosis; concomitantmedication and titration attitudes have been recorded. Results: We analyzed the data from 136 patients (85 males, age range 3-56). Most the patients presented with multiple seizure types (drop attacks; dialeptic; tonic; generalized tonic-clonic seizures) and suffered from drug-resistant epilepsy of early onset (usually before the age of 12-18 months). Intellectual disability and behavioral or psychotic troubles were often present. Sodium Valproate and Levetiracetam were frequently associated. Investigators estimated that seizure frequency reduction was recorded in nearly 50% of the children treated. Nomajor adverse event was reported. Weight loss, vomiting, asthenia and somnolence were the most frequent, rarely leading to a discontinuation for adverse event. Conclusions: Rufinamide can be safely tried for the treatment of a large spectrumof seizure types. The clinical profile of the patients as well as efficacy and tolerability results will be presented in detail. ER  - 
Acute regression in young people with Down Syndrome$$$ Objective: To study the acute regression in young people with Down Syndrome (DS) Methods: We did a retrospective study of DS patients who presented an acute regression in our center from 1984 to 2016. Inclusion criteria were: ages from 10-30 years, significant and acute loss of activities of daily living and baseline skills within 6 months, perceived decline in cognition and significant loss of speech, unexplained decompensation in behavioral functioning and mood, no history of autism spectrum disorder, seizure disorder or significant psychopathology. Results: We found 30 DS patients aged 10-22 years with more girls (58%) than boys. Regression occured regardless of the level of intellectual disability (mild, moderate and severe).The acute regression was characterized by a marked loss of activity with psychiatric symptoms in all cases (catatonia, depression, delusions, stereotypies, etc.) with partial or total loss of independence in activities of daily living (dressing, toilet, meals and continence), language impairment (silence, whispered voice, etc;) sleep disturbance and loss of academic skills. A medical evaluation, laboratory testing and research of comorbidities were down in most of patients without finding a cause except than all patients experienced severe emotional stress prior to regression. Partial or total recovery was observed in one third of them with different types of treatment. Conclusion: This retrospective study highlights the challenges involved in diagnosting, evaluating and treating patients with DS who have experienced this acute and unexplained clinical deterioration. Neurobiological and genetics hypothesis are discussed as well as therapeutic approach. European collaboration among healthcare providers is necessary to improving outcomes of these patients. ER  - 
Abstracts of the 46th annual meeting of Japanese Society of Clinical Neurophysiology$$$ The proceedings contain 18 papers. The topics discussed include: single pulse electrical stimulation and high-frequency oscillations, a complicated marriage; does cervical radiculopathy complicate brachial plexopathy? an electrophysiological analysis; somatosensory evoked potentials (SEPs) in Vitamin B12 deficiency; ultrasonographic evaluation of facial muscles in myasthenia gravis; clinical application of the measurement of muscle fiber conduction velocity using direct muscle stimulation for critical illness myopathy (CIM); high frequency spectral changes induced by single-pulse electric stimulation: comparison between physiologic and pathologic networks; high frequency somatosensory stimulation increases sensori-motor inhibition and leads to perceptual improvement in healthy subjects; safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with implanted cortical electrodes. an ex-vivo study and report of a case; a randomized trial of aerobic exercise on cognitive control in major depression; a muscle ultrasound score in the diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; co-occurrence of high-frequency oscillations and delayed responses evoked by intracranial electrical stimulation in stereo-EEG studies; can epileptiform abnormalities predict delayed cerebral ischemia in subarachnoid hemorrhage?; altered effective brain connectivity at early response of antipsychotics in first-episode schizophrenia with auditory hallucinations; cyclic seizures in critically ill patients: clinical correlates, DC recordings and outcomes; functional connectivity and network analysis during hypoactive delirium and recovery from anesthesia; and motor unit number estimation in the quantitative assessment of severity and progression of motor unit loss in Hirayama disease. ER  - 
The efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Background: Patients with Functional Neurological Disorders (FND), particularly those with Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures (PNES), are highly prevalent and difficult to treat. Up to 20% of patients presenting to epilepsy units for videoelectroencephalogram (vEEG) monitoring are diagnosed with PNES. Recent neuroimaging studies have emphasized the role of temporoparietal junction (TPJ) in deficits of self-agency in FND. Despite growing awareness of the neurobiological networks involved in this condition, there are currently few effective treatments to offer patients with PNES. Objective: The aim of this study is to conduct an open label pilot study to investigate the feasibility and efficacy of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) over the right TPJ to decrease the frequency of nonepileptic events in PNES. Methods: Four patients (2 female; mean age=46.3±6.0) with PNES (confirmed by vEEG) underwent 30 sessions of 10Hz TMS at 110% resting motor threshold over the right TPJ (3000 pulses per session). Patients received two sessions per day separated by a 10-minute break over 15 consecutive working days. Weekly nonepileptic event logs were completed pre, post, and throughout the three weeks of treatment. Medications were held stable throughout this period. Results: Three out of four patients showed a considerable decrease in their nonepileptic event frequency post-TMS (mean baseline event frequency = 10.3/week; mean post-rTMS frequency=1.3/week). No adverse events were observed as a result of rTMS. Conclusion: Highfrequency rTMS over the right TPJ represents a novel, feasible, and potentially efficacious treatment in individuals with PNES. Future prospective controlled clinical research trials are needed. ER  - 
Comparison of clinical and serological characteristics between patients with systemic lupus erythematosus with and without associated Jaccoud arthropathy$$$ Background: Jaccoud arthropathy (JA) is a chronic non-erosive reversible joint disorder commonly associated with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and occurs in roughly 5% of all cases. Some studies suggest different profiles of clinical and immunological features between SLE patients with or without JA. Objectives: To compare the profile of clinical and serological manifestations of patients with SLE with and without JA followed in a tertiary care hospital of Madrid. Methods:We performed a retrospective observational study of a cohort of patients diagnosed with SLE (4 or more ACR criteria) between June 1977 and December 2015. The variables evaluated included demographics, clinical, analytical and radiological manifestations. The definition of JA was based on the presence of clinical criteria (reversible joint deformities) and absence of radiographic erosions typical of rheumatoid arthritis. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS software version 21.0. Results: We included 108 patients representing a sample of 24% of the total number of patients with SLE treated at our center during that period. The majority of patients were women (89.8%), mean age at diagnosis was 30±12.29 years (range: 7-75) and duration of disease was 127 months (range: 2-411). Thirteen patients (12.03%) had findings compatible with JA. There were no significant differences in age, sex or race, but the duration of disease was higher in JA patients (190 vs. 118.2 months, p=0.0299). There were significant differences in the presence of malar rash (p=0.0009), photosensitivity (p=0.0050), oral ulcers (p=0.0032) and pericarditis (p=0.000001), which were more frequent in patients without JA, but arthritis, nephritis, pleuritis, seizures, psychosis, Raynaud's phenomenon and antiphospholipid syndrome had a similar distribution between both groups. Among the immunological features, no significant difference was found in relation to hemolytic anemia, lymphopenia, thrombocytopenia, ANA, anti- ENA, anti-DNA, anticardiolipin, anti-β2 glycoprotein I and lupus anticoagulant, but leukopenia was also more frequent in patients without JA (p=0.0041). Conclusions: In the analyzed sample of patients in our center JA was a relatively frequent finding and was associated with a longer duration of the disease. It was not possible to corroborate other JA associations suggested in previous studies such as a lower frequency of lupus nephritis or major secondary antiphospholipid syndrome, probably due to limited sample size, but there are also other studies that do not demonstrate significant differences in relation to clinical and serological findings in patients with SLE with JA with respect to those who do not present it. Studies involving a larger number of patients with JA associated with SLE are required in order to better identify these differences, so a multicenter initiative could be of great help. ER  - 
Comparison of clinical and serological features of juvenile and adult-onset neuropsychiatric lupus in spanish patients$$$ Background: Neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations are a main cause of morbidity and mortality in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (jSLE). Some studies suggest that they are more frequent and severe in jSLE than in adult-onset SLE (aSLE). Objectives: To compare the clinical and serological profile of pediatric and adult patients with neuropsychiatric lupus (NPSLE) treated in a Spanish tertiary center. Methods: A retrospective study of patients with jSLE (age of onset: 0-18y) and aSLE (age of onset: >18y) seen in our center during the period 1988-2016 was performed. Case definitions of the American College of Rheumatology were used to identify NPSLE manifestations. Demographics, clinical and serological data were obtained through a review of their medical records. Results: A total of 69 patients with NPSLE were included, aSLE 41 (59%) and jSLE 28 (41%), the comparison of groups is presented in the table. Most of them were Caucasian (92%), mean age at diagnosis in adults was 36.4 years (range: 19-68) and 13.9 years (range: 8-18) in children. The proportion of males was higher in the latter group. The mean duration of the disease was significantly greater in adults, as well as the time from SLE diagnosis to NP manifestation onset, although without significant difference. Central NP manifestations were the most frequent in both groups (aSLE 93%, jSLE 96%) regarding to the peripheral manifestations (aSLE 12%, jSLE 11%). The most frequent manifestations in aSLE were headache (29%), cerebrovascular disease (27%), seizures (17%) and myelopathy (15%), whereas in jSLE were seizures (46%), headache (29%), mood disorder/depression (25%), psychosis (18%) and autonomic disorders (18%). A significant group of patients presented ≥2 central manifestation during their evolution (aSLE 32%, jSLE 41%), with the mean number of manifestations in adults being 1.36 (range: 1-3) and in children 1.44 Range: 1-4). Patients with jSLE developed lupus nephritis (LN) with a significantly higher frequency, as well as higher titres of anti-DNA antibodies, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and hypocomplementemia. During the study period there was mortality in 2 cases of aSLE and 2 jSLE (5% and 7%, respectively). Conclusions: Our results corroborate that juvenile patients with NPSLE present higher disease activity compared to adults. There was no significant diference in the time from SLE diagnosis to NP manifestation onset, but tended to be shorter in jSLE. The spectrum of NPSLE was varied both groups and an important proportion developed ≥2 manifestation. Mortality continues to be important in NPSLE in both age groups. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of methotrexate as maintenance therapy for children with anti-n-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis: Experience of a single center$$$ Background: Autoimmune-mediated encephalitis (A-ME) in children remains as a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge (1). These patients have a 12% risk of relapse, which is usually more severe (2). We previously proposed the therapy with methotrexate (MTX) for this condition (3), and we are offering now additional data on its potential benefits. Objectives: To describe the outcome of children with A-ME receiving MTX for at least one year after stabilization of symptoms. Methods: In this retrospective study we recruited 11 patients (7 females) with A-ME, a mean age of 7.5 years (range 8 months - 14 years), and with a median follow up of 22 months. In all cases, anti-NMDAR antibodies (subunit NR1) were detected in the CSF. Data from these patients were collected by consulting medical records. Relapse of encephalitis was defined as new onset of symptoms occurring after at least 2 months of remission, in the absence of other CNS disease. Results: Patients presented with seizures (n=10), behavioral changes (n=11), psychosis (n=11), speech problems (n=10), and autonomic/breathing dysregulation (n=9). Patients were initially treated with methylprednisolone pulses (n=11), rituximab (n=6), intravenous immunoglobulins (n=4), cyclophosphamide (n=3) and MTX (n=11). Complete remission was observed in all cases, and maintenance therapy with MTX (10 mg/m2 BSA) was started in all them, with gradual tapering until it was stopped. Interestingly, no relapses have been observed in any case during the mean follow up. One patient had mild oral ulcers and other showed mild elevation of liver enzymes; both events remitted after discontinuing the treatment for a couple of weeks. Conclusions: Since relapses in patients with A-ME are a relatively frequent, the immunosuppressive therapy to prevent them is fully justified (4). Moreover, MTX therapy in pediatric patients is safe and usually well tolerated (3,5,6). The recommended dose is less than 15 mg/m2 BSA or 1 mg/kg, with a maximal dose of 40 mg and with folic acid supplementation. In this regard, our study suggests that MTX administration (10 mg/m2 BSA) during at least one year is a viable and effective therapy for maintenance treatment of A-ME. Accordingly, we did not detect relapses in the 11 patients studied with a median follow up time of 22 months and with an acceptable safety profile. ER  - 
Accountable or not accountable: A profile comparison of alleged offenders referred to the free state psychiatric complex forensic observation ward in Bloemfontein from 2009 to 2012$$$ Background: The crime rate in South Africa is extraordinarily high. The problem of crime is further complicated when a person, who suffers from a mental illness, becomes involved in a crime. Furthermore, the forensic evaluation of a person suspected of having a mental illness involved in alleged criminal behaviour can be challenging. However, a dearth of information exists in South African literature regarding the link between crime and mental illness. Aim: To determine the percentage of alleged offenders, referred to the Free State Psychiatric Complex (FSPC) for observation, found accountable and not accountable, and to compare the biographical, diagnosis and offence profiles of these two groups. The analysis of differences can contribute to a better understanding of the complex process of forensic assessments. Setting: Forensic Observation Ward, FSPC, Bloemfontein. Methods: In this comparative, retrospective study, all 505 trial-awaiting alleged offenders (observati) referred from 2009 to 2012 for a 30-day observation period, according to Sections 77 and/or 78 of the Criminal Procedures Act, were included. Results were summarised as frequencies and percentages, and means or percentiles. Significant differences between the groups were determined by sample t-tests or chi-squared tests. Results: Observati found not accountable were in the majority (64.5%). Significant differences were found regarding marital and employment status, substance abuse, type of offence and diagnoses between the two groups. Almost all of the observati found to be not accountable were diagnosed with mental illness at the time of the assessment, whereas most observati found to be accountable for their actions at the time of the alleged offence were not found to be mentally ill. Observati found not accountable were significantly more likely to be diagnosed with schizophrenia, intellectual disability and substance-induced psychotic disorder, and committed mostly assault, murder and vandalism. Observati found accountable committed mostly rape, murder and theft. Conclusion: The majority of observati were found not accountable, with significant differences found between the two groups regarding demographic characteristics, type of diagnosis and offences committed. The identified differences can be used to assist in establishing criteria for the appropriate referral of alleged offenders by courts. Unnecessary referrals have a serious financial impact on the Department of Health. Furthermore, the high incidence of substance abuse among persons referred to the FSPC highlights the need for more substance rehabilitation centres in the Free State Province. ER  - 
Medical Cannabis in Serbia: The Survey of Knowledge and Attitudes in an Urban Adult Population$$$ There are some indices in which legalization of medical cannabis in the Republic of Serbia might be considered. The purpose of this research was to assess knowledge and attitudes towards medical cannabis in an urban adult population. This cross-sectional study was conducted in December 2015 and January 2016. A convenience sample of study participants comprised users of the Community Health Center. A total of 360 adults were invited to participate. Data were collected through an anonymous questionnaire. Most participants (77.1%) answered correctly that cancer was indicative of medical cannabis treatment, while the remaining conditions were less frequently recognized. A total of 42% answered correctly that adverse effects of cannabis were hallucinations and dizziness. Persons who previously used cannabis were more knowledgeable on conditions for medical cannabis treatment (ρ = 0.155; p = 0.006). Study respondents expressed positive attitude towards legalization of medical cannabis (median 5 out of 5) and negative towards legalization of recreational cannabis (median 2 out of 5). In conclusion, the adult population in Belgrade had some knowledge of medical cannabis. The overall attitude of our population regarding legalization of medical cannabis was positive, while the attitude towards legalization of cannabis for recreational purposes was negative. ER  - 
Characteristics, burden of illness, and physical functioning of patients with relapsing-remitting and secondary progressive multiple sclerosis: A cross-sectional US survey$$$ Background: Although most patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) will develop secondary progressive multiple sclerosis (SPMS), little is known about the burden of multiple sclerosis by disease subtype. This study describes the burden of disease in terms of demographics, disease severity, symptoms, health care resource and disease-modifying therapy (DMT) utilization, work and activity impairment, and physical functioning of SPMS and RRMS patients. Methods: SPMS and RRMS patient responses from the 2012 and 2013 waves of the US National Health and Wellness Survey were evaluated to detect differences in demographics, disease severity, symptoms, and health care resource and DMT utilization. In addition, data from the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment and Short Form-36 questionnaires were analyzed. Results: SPMS patients were older than RRMS patients (mean age 55.7 vs 48.9 years; P<0.001); a lower proportion were female (56.2% with SPMS vs 71.6% with RRMS; P=0.002), and fewer SPMS than RRMS patients were employed (20.0% vs 39.7%; P<0.001). SPMS patients described their disease as more severe, reporting several neurological symptoms more frequently and higher hospitalization rates than RRMS patients. A lower percentage of SPMS than RRMS patients reported DMT use. SPMS patients had greater overall work and activity impairment than RRMS patients. After controlling for baseline characteristics, impairment in physical functioning was greater in SPMS patients. Conclusion: Overall, SPMS patients had a higher burden of illness than RRMS patients, underscoring the need to treat RRMS patients early to delay disability progressing using therapies that are effective in real-world settings. ER  - 
Associations between cognitive impairment and patient-reported measures of physical/mental functioning in older people living with HIV$$$ Objectives: While cognitive impairment is frequently reported in HIV-positive individuals and has historically been associated with poorer functional outcomes, the associations between cognitive impairment and patient-reported outcome measures (PROMs) in contemporary cohorts are unclear. Methods: We tested cognitive function using a computerized battery (CogState™) in 290 HIV-positive and 97 HIV-negative individuals aged ≥ 50 years participating in the Pharmacokinetic and Clinical Observations in People Over Fifty (POPPY) study. Participants completed questionnaires detailing physical and mental health [Short Form Health Survey (SF-36)], cognitive function [European AIDS Clinical Society (EACS) questions], activities of daily living [Lawton Instrumental Activities of Daily Living (IADL)], depression [Patient Depression Questionnaire (PHQ-9) and Centres for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale (CES-D)], falls and sexual desire. Cognitive impairment was defined using the Frascati criteria, global deficit score (GDS) and multivariate normative comparison (MNC). In the HIV-positive group, the classification performances of the different definitions of cognitive impairment and dichotomized questionnaire results were calculated. Results: The prevalence of cognitive impairment in the HIV-positive group was 34.5% (GDS), 30.0% (Frascati) and 22.1% (MNC), with only 2% diagnosed with HIV-associated dementia. In general, the associations between cognitive impairment and PROMs were weak regardless of the definition used: mean c-statistics were 0.543 (GDS), 0.530 (MNC) and 0.519 (Frascati). Associations were similar using the global T-score to define cognitive impairment. Summary health scores (SF-36) were lower, but only significantly so for those with cognitive impairment identified using MNC, for both mental health (61.4 vs. 75.8; P = 0.03) and physical health (60.9 vs. 75.0; P = 0.03). Conclusions: The associations between cognitive impairment and PROMs were weak, possibly because impairment was mild and therefore largely asymptomatic. Further work is needed to elucidate the clinical implications of cognitive impairment in HIV-disease. ER  - 
Epileptic phenotypes, electroclinical features and clinical characteristics in 17 children with anti-NMDAR encephalitis$$$ Background Anti-N-methyl D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis is a rare disorder characterized by seizures, neuropsychiatric symptoms, dyskinesia and autonomic instability. Objective Aim of the present study was to evaluate the seizure phenotypes and electroencephalogram (EEG) features in children with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Methods Seizure types, electroclinical features and clinical characteristics of 17 children with anti-NMDAR encephalitis were analysed in a retrospective case series from nine centres in Europe. Results Nearly half (8/17) of the children presented with psychiatric symptoms, whereas in 4/17 patients seizures were the first symptom and in 5/17 both symptoms occurred at the same time. During the following course seizures were reported in 16/17 children. The first EEG detected generalized slowing in 11/17 patients, focal slowing in 3/17 and normal background activity in only 3/17 children. The extreme delta brush (EDB) pattern was detected in 9/17 (53%) patients. Conclusion In addition to psychiatric symptoms, children with anti-NMDAR encephalitis often show generalized slowing in EEG with or without seizures at initial presentation. EDB is present in half of all children and is potentially a helpful tool for early detection of this immune-mediated disease. ER  - 
The influence of sex and age on prevalence rates of comorbid conditions in autism$$$ Individuals with ASD frequently experience one or more comorbid conditions. Here, we investigate the influence of sex and age—two important, yet understudied factors—on ten common comorbid conditions in ASD, using cross-sectional data from 4790 individuals with ASD and 1,842,575 individuals without ASD. Epilepsy, ADHD, and CNS/cranial anomalies showed exceptionally large proportions in both male (>19%) and female (>15%), children/adolescents with ASD. Notably, these prevalence rates decreased drastically with age in both males and females. In contrast, the prevalence of schizophrenia increased with age affecting a disproportionately large number of older (≥35 year) adult males (25%), compared to females (7.7%), with ASD. Bowel disorders showed a complex U-pattern accompanied by changes in sex disparity with age. These results highlight crucial differences between cross-sectional comorbidity patterns and their interactions with sex and age, which may aid in the development of effective sex- and age-specific diagnostic/treatment strategies for ASD and comorbid conditions. Autism Res 2017, 10: 778–789. © 2017 International Society for Autism Research, Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Occurrence, predictors, and prognosis of alcohol withdrawal syndrome and delirium tremens following traumatic injury$$$ Objectives: We sought to determine occurrence, predictors, and prognosis of alcohol withdrawal syndrome and delirium tremens in patients with traumatic injury. Design: Retrospective multicenter cohort study. Setting: Three U.S. trauma centers. Patients: Twenty-eight thousand one hundred one trauma patients admitted from 2010-2014. Interventions: None. Measurements and Main Results: Measures included occurrence of alcohol withdrawal syndrome and delirium tremens, injury characteristics, risk factors for alcohol withdrawal syndrome, clinical outcomes, pharmacologic treatment for alcohol withdrawal syndrome, and Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol, Revised (CIWA-Ar) scores. Alcohol withdrawal syndrome severity was defined by CIWA-Ar score as minimal (< 10), moderate (10-20), and severe (> 20). Alcohol withdrawal syndrome developed in 0.88% (n = 246), including 12% minimal, 36% moderate, and 53% severe. Alcohol withdrawal syndrome progressed to delirium tremens in 11%. Before adjustment, alcohol withdrawal syndrome severity was associated with injury severity, hypokalemia, baseline CIWA-Ar score, and established alcohol withdrawal syndrome risk factors. Logistic regression identified the following predictors of delirium tremens: baseline CIWA-Ar score greater than or equal to 10 (odds ratio, 6.05; p = 0.02) and age greater than or equal to 55 (odds ratio, 3.24; p = 0.03). In patients with severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome, severe head injury also predicted progression to delirium tremens (odds ratio, 6.08; p = 0.01), and hypokalemia was borderline significant (odds ratio, 3.23; p = 0.07). Clinical outcomes of hospital length of stay, ICU length of stay, and alcohol withdrawal syndrome complications differed significantly by alcohol withdrawal syndrome severity and were worse with more severe manifestations of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Mortality also significantly differed by alcohol withdrawal syndrome severity but was only greater in patients who progressed to delirium tremens (11.1%; p = 0.02); otherwise, there were no differences in mortality by severity (4%, 4%, and 0% by minimal, moderate, and severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome). Conclusions: Trauma patients with alcohol withdrawal syndrome experience a high occurrence of delirium tremens that is associated with significant mortality. These data demonstrate the predictive ability of baseline CIWA-Ar score, age, and severe head injury for developing delirium tremens. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric comorbidities in adults with phenylketonuria: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Adults with phenylketonuria (PKU) may experience neurologic and psychiatric disorders, including intellectual disability, anxiety, depression, and neurocognitive dysfunction. Identifying the prevalence and prevalence ratios of these conditions will inform clinical treatment. This nested, case-controlled study used International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) codes from the MarketScan® insurance claims databases from 2006 to 2012 and healthcare claims data for US-based employer and government-sponsored health plans. Prevalence and prevalence ratio calculations of neuropsychiatric comorbidities for adults (≥ 20 years old) with PKU were compared with two groups [diabetes mellitus (DM) and general population (GP)] matched by age, gender, geographic location, and insurance type. Age cohorts (i.e., 20–29, 30–39, 40–49, 50–59, 60–69, and 70 + years, and a combined subset of 20–39) were used to stratify data. The PKU cohort experienced significantly higher rates of several comorbid neurologic, psychiatric and developmental conditions. Compared to GP, PKU was associated with significantly higher prevalence for numerous neuropsychiatric conditions, most notably for intellectual disability (PR = 7.9, 95% CI: 6.4–9.9), autism spectrum disorder (PR = 6.1, 95% CI: 3.6–10.4), Tourette/tic disorders (PR = 5.4, 95% CI: 2.1–14.1), and eating disorders (4.0, 95% CI: 3.2–5.0). Rates of fatigue/malaise, epilepsy/convulsions, sleep disturbance, personality disorders, phobias, psychosis, and migraines among those with PKU exceeded rates for the GP but were comparable to those with DM, with significantly lower rates of concomitant disorders occurring in younger, compared to older, adults with PKU. Lifelong monitoring and treatment of co-occurring neuropsychiatric conditions are important for effective PKU management. ER  - 
Evaluation of sleep organization in patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and ADHD as a comorbidity of epilepsy$$$ Objective/background Epilepsy or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) can influence sleep organization in different ways. The aim of this study was to evaluate sleep organization in children and adolescents with ADHD and epilepsy, and to analyze the influence of methylphenidate. Methods This was an observational, cross-sectional study of children and adolescents with epilepsy, who were seizure free for at least three months, and were also diagnosed with ADHD. They were selected from the epilepsy and child neurology outpatient clinic of a university hospital in Brazil. After sample size calculation, patients were consecutively included into four different groups, with 21 patients each: epilepsy + ADHD using methylphenidate, epilepsy + ADHD not using methylphenidate, only ADHD, and a healthy control group. All participants were evaluated with the Sleep Disturbance Scale for Children (SDSC) and monitored with actigraphy for five nights/days. Results Actigraphic analysis showed a higher number of night awakenings in the epilepsy + ADHD groups; they were most prominent in the group without methylphenidate (p = 0.001). Parental reports demonstrated a higher risk for sleep disturbances in the epilepsy + ADHD without methylphenidate and the ADHD groups (p < 0.001). Conclusion Primary ADHD as a comorbidity of epilepsy impairs sleep organization in children, and the use of short-acting methylphenidate seems to improve it. Both objective (actigraphic) and subjective (SDSC) measures showed significant sleep alterations between primary ADHD and ADHD as a comorbidity of epilepsy; this was most prominent in the group without methylphenidate. ER  - 
Depression and post-traumatic stress disorder in individuals with hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia: A cross-sectional survey$$$ Introduction Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (HHT) is characterized by frequent severe bleeding, particularly epistaxis, and life-threatening complications including stroke, brain abscess and heart failure. The psychological impact of HHT is not known. We conducted this cross sectional study to determine the prevalence of depression and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) related to HHT. Methods A survey tool comprising demographic and clinical information and two validated self-administered questionnaires, the PTSD checklist for DSM-5 (PCL-5) and Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II), was distributed to individuals with HHT. Associations with clinical and demographic variables with depression and PTSD were evaluated in a logistic regression model. Results A total of 222 individuals responded to the survey. Of these, 185 completed either the BDI II or PCL-5 and were included in the analysis. Median age was 54 years and 142 (76.8%) were female. An existing diagnosis of depression, anxiety disorder and PTSD was present in 81 (43.8%), 59 (31.9%) and 16(8.6%) respondents, respectively. BDI-II scores > 13 indicating at least mild depressive symptoms were present in 142 (88.7%) patients and 52 (28.1%) patients had a positive screen for PTSD (PCL-5 score ≥ 38). On multivariable analysis, depression [OR 2.17 (95% CI 1.045–4.489), p = 0.038], anxiety disorder [OR 2.232 (95% CI 1.066–4.676), p = 0.033], and being unemployed [OR 2.234 (95% CI 1.46–4.714), p = 0.019) were associated with PTSD. Conclusion We report a high prevalence of depressive and PTSD symptoms in individuals with HHT. While selection bias may lead to overestimation of prevalence in this study, our results are concerning and clinicians should remain vigilant for signs of psychological distress and consider screening for these disorders. ER  - 
Brain tumor location influences the onset of acute psychiatric adverse events of levetiracetam therapy: an observational study$$$ To explore possible correlations among brain lesion location, development of psychiatric symptoms and the use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in a population of patients with brain tumor and epilepsy. The medical records of 283 patients with various types of brain tumor (161 M/122 F, mean age 64.9 years) were analysed retrospectively. Patients with grade III and IV glioma, previous history of epileptic seizures and/or psychiatric disorders were excluded. Psychiatric symptoms occurring after initiation of AED therapy were considered as treatment emergent psychiatric adverse events (TE-PAEs) if they fulfilled the following conditions: (1) onset within 4 weeks after the beginning of AED therapy; (2) disappearance on drug discontinuation; (3) absence of any other identified possible concurrent cause. The possible influence of the following variables were analysed: (a) AED drug and dose; (b) location and neuroradiologic features of the tumor, (c) location and type of EEG epileptic abnormalities, (d) tumor excision already or not yet performed; (e) initiation or not of radiotherapy. TE-PAEs occurred in 27 of the 175 AED-treated patients (15.4%). Multivariate analysis showed a significant association of TE-PAEs occurrence with location of the tumor in the frontal lobe (Odds ratio: 5.56; 95% confidence interval 1.95–15.82; p value: 0.005) and treatment with levetiracetam (Odds ratio: 3.61; 95% confidence interval 1.48–8.2; p value: 0.001). Drug-unrelated acute psychiatric symptoms were observed in 4 of the 108 AED-untreated patients (3.7%) and in 7 of the 175 AED-treated patients (4%). The results of the present study suggest that an AED alternative to levetiracetam should be chosen to treat epileptic seizures in patients with a brain tumor located in the frontal lobe to minimize the possible onset of TE-PAEs. ER  - 
Accuracy and Reliability of Stroke Diagnosis in the Pediatric Emergency Department$$$ Background and Purpose - Access to acute stroke interventions in the emergency department (ED) relies on correct clinical diagnosis. Our aims were to determine the accuracy and reliability of pediatric ED physician diagnosis of childhood stroke and other conditions presenting with brain attack symptoms. Methods - Prospective study of consecutive children aged 1 month to 18 years presenting to the ED from June 2009 to December 2010 with focal neurological deficits. Accuracy (sensitivity, specificity, and receiver operator characteristic curves [ROCs]) and interrater agreement (κ) were determined, between ED physician diagnoses, as recorded in the electronic hospital administrative software system, and final neurological diagnosis, after completion of diagnostic work-up. Results - Two-hundred eighty-seven children with 301 consecutive presentations were recruited. The most common final brain attack diagnoses included migraine in 84 children, first seizure in 48, Bell's palsy in 29, stroke in 21, and conversion disorders in 18 children. Sensitivity of ED physician stroke diagnosis was 62%, and specificity was 98% (ROC, 0.8). Inter-rater agreement for ED physician and final stroke diagnosis was substantial (κ=0.61). ED physician diagnostic accuracy and reliability was highest for Bell's palsy (ROC=0.98; κ=0.96), and lowest for central nervous system demyelination (ROC=0.5; κ=-0.01) and cerebellitis (ROC=0.50; κ=0.50). Conclusions - ED physician diagnostic accuracy and reliability varies considerably across disorders presenting with brain attack symptoms. Clinical recognition tools are required to assist pediatric ED physicians with diagnosis of stroke and other serious neurological disorders. ER  - 
Real-life experience with brivaracetam in 101 patients with difficult-to-treat epilepsy—A monocenter survey$$$ Purpose To assess the efficiency of brivaracetam under real-world conditions in a tertiary referral epilepsy center. Methods We consecutively collected patients treated at our center with brivaracetam (BRV). After a minimum observation period of six months we retrospectively analyzed the efficiency of BRV. Results Data of 101 patients (mean age 42 years, range 18–81 years, 54 females,) were analyzed. The median number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) used prior to BRV was 10 (range 2–18). The initial dose of BRV was at least 50 mg per day, the mean maintenance dose at cut-off was 168.6 mg (median 200 mg, range 50–400 mg). Efficacy data were assessed for the last three months or at the time of the last observation carried forward if BRV had been discontinued prematurely. Responder rate was 27.8% (n = 28) with 7% seizure-free patients. Adverse events (AEs) occurred in 37 patients (37%). Most frequent AEs were dizziness (16%) and somnolence (11%). Psychiatric adverse events comprised irritability, aggression, depression and psychosis in single cases. Retention rate after six months was 51.5%. Main reason for discontinuation was a lack of efficacy. In 43 cases LEV and BRV were switched. The switch was performed abruptly without complications. In 26 cases (60%) BRV was discontinued and re-switched to LEV within weeks, mainly due to a lack of better efficacy. After the switch from LEV to BRV we even saw an aggravation both of seizure frequency and severity in 5 cases. Retention rate in patients who had not been on LEV was 57%. Conclusion In our hands BRV appeared to be well tolerated and easy to handle. The retention rate was influenced by patients who were switched from LEV and re-switched because BRV was not more efficient. Switching from and re-switching to LEV was easy. ER  - 
Parahippocampal and entorhinal resection extent predicts verbal memory decline in an epilepsy surgery cohort$$$ The differential contribution of medial-temporal lobe regions to verbal declarative memory is debated within the neuroscience, neuropsychology, and cognitive psychology communities. We evaluate whether the extent of surgical resection within medialtemporal regions predicts longitudinal verbal learning and memory outcomes. This single-center retrospective observational study involved patients with refractory temporal lobe epilepsy undergoing unilateral anterior temporal lobe resection from 2007 to 2015. Thirty-two participants with Engel Class 1 and 2 outcomes were included (14 left, 18 right) and followed for a mean of 2.3 years after surgery (±1.5 years). Participants had baseline and postsurgical neuropsychological testing and highresolution T1-weighted MRI scans. Postsurgical lesions were manually traced and coregistered to presurgical scans to precisely quantify resection extent of medial-temporal regions. Verbal learning and memory change scores were regressed on hippocampal, entorhinal, and parahippocampal resection volume after accounting for baseline performance. Overall, there were no significant differences in learning and memory change between patients who received left and right anterior temporal lobe resection. After controlling for baseline performance, the extent of left parahippocampal resection accounted for 27% (p =.021) of the variance in verbal short delay free recall. The extent of left entorhinal resection accounted for 37% (p =.004) of the variance in verbal short delay free recall. Our findings highlight the critical role that the left parahippocampal and entorhinal regions play in recall for verbal material. ER  - 
The impact of antidepressants on seizure frequency and depressive and anxiety disorders of patients with epilepsy: Is it worth investigating?$$$ Purpose Depression and anxiety disorders in patients with epilepsy (PWE) remain under-recognized and under-treated, despite being the most common psychiatric co-morbidities. Selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and serotonin–norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) are considered first-line treatment for primary depression and anxiety disorders. We performed this study to investigate if SSRIs and SNRIs could affect the seizure frequency of PWE and to assess whether such effect is independent of the response of the mood and anxiety disorders to these drugs. Methods This was a retrospective study of 100 consecutive PWE who were started on an SSRI or SNRI for the treatment of a depressive and/or anxiety disorder. Every patient underwent a psychiatric evaluation by one of the investigators using a semi-structured interview who also managed the pharmacologic treatment in all the patients. Patients were excluded if they had a diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures or if they had undergone epilepsy surgery or the implant of the vagal nerve stimulator six months before and after the start of the antidepressant therapy. The final analysis was conducted in 84 patients. For each type of seizure, an average and maximal monthly seizure frequency during the six months preceding and following the start of psychotropic drugs was extracted from the medical records. We identified the number of patients whose seizure frequency during treatment with antidepressants: (i) shifted from a < 1/month to a ≥ 1 seizure/month and vice-versa, (ii) increased beyond maximal/monthly baseline frequency, and (iii) patients who developed de-novo generalized tonic-clonic (GTC) seizures. Results None of the patients with a baseline seizure frequency < 1 seizure/month went on to have ≥ 1 seizure/month after initiating treatment with antidepressants, had an increase in frequency beyond baseline maximal counts or developed de-novo-GTC seizures. Furthermore, there was no seizure recurrence among patients that had been seizure-free. Among the patients with a baseline seizure frequency ≥ 1/month, 27.5% had a reduction in seizure frequency to < 1/month, which suggested a positive effect of SSRI/SNRI on seizure frequency (p = 0.001, McNemar test). Among the patients with a baseline seizure frequency ≥ 1 seizure/month, 48% exhibited a > 50% reduction in seizure frequency after the start of treatment with SSRIs or SNRIs. A therapeutic response to SSRIs and SNRIs was found in 73% of patients. The change in seizure frequency was independent of the improvement in psychiatric symptomatology. Conclusion In this retrospective observational study, SSRIs or SNRIs did not appear to worsen seizure frequency. Also, in patients with frequent seizures, SSRIs and SNRIs may be associated with a possible decrease in seizure frequency. Furthermore, these drugs appear to yield good therapeutic response of psychiatric symptoms independently of seizure frequency. It is pivotal to replicate these data in prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials. ER  - 
The relationship between mood disorder and insomnia depends on race in US veterans with epilepsy$$$ Purpose Few data exist on race, medical/psychiatric comorbidities, and insomnia symptoms in US veterans with epilepsy. Our aims were to examine 1) whether insomnia symptom prevalence was different between Black and White veterans and 2) whether predictors of insomnia symptoms varied by race. Methods This retrospective, cross-sectional study included veterans evaluated in an epilepsy clinic over the course of 1.5 years. Individuals completed standardized assessments for epilepsy and sleep complaints. Insomnia criteria were met by 1) report of difficulty with sleep initiation, maintenance, or premature awakenings accompanied by daytime impairment or 2) sedative-hypnotic use on most days of the month. Demographics, medical/psychiatric comorbidities, and medications were determined per electronic medical record review. Hierarchical multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed to determine if race, medical/mental health comorbidities, and the potential interaction of race with each comorbid condition were associated with insomnia. Results Our sample consisted of 165 veterans (32% Black). The unadjusted prevalence of insomnia was not different between Black and White veterans (42% vs 39%, p = 0.68). In adjusted analyses, the association between mood disorder and insomnia varied by race. Depressed White veterans had over 11-times higher predicted odds of insomnia (OR 11.4, p < 0.001) than non-depressed White veterans, while depressed Black veterans had 4-times higher predicted odds of insomnia (OR 4.1, p = 0.06) than non-depressed Black veterans. Although mood disorder diagnosis was associated with insomnia for both racial groups, White veterans had a stronger association between mood disorder diagnosis and insomnia than Black veterans. Conclusions The relationship between mood disorder diagnosis and insomnia was stronger for White than Black veterans with epilepsy. Future studies are needed to explore mental health symptoms and psychosocial determinants of insomnia with larger samples of minority individuals with epilepsy. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of eslicarbazepine-acetate in elderly patients with focal epilepsy: Case series$$$ Purpose Eslicarbazepine-acetate (ESL) is a third generation antiepileptic drug licensed as adjunctive therapy in adults with focal seizures. Efficacy and safety of ESL have been established in real-life setting. However, data about outcomes in elderly patients are scarce. Primary endpoint was to evaluate outcomes of ESL in elderly patients. Method This was a retrospective survey that included patients >65 years with focal seizures who started ESL between January 2010 and July 2012 at 12 Spanish Hospitals. ESL was prescribed individually according to real-life practice. Efficacy and safety were evaluated over 1 year. These patients were included within the bigger study ESLIBASE. Results We included 29 patients, most of them males (18). Mean age was 71.2 year-old and epilepsy evolution was 20 years. Eighteen were pharmacorresistant at baseline. At 12 months, the mean dose was 850 mg/day, the retention rate 69%, the responder rate 62% and 24.1% were seizure-free. At 12 months, 16 patients (55.2%) had ≥1 adverse effect (AE), that led to discontinuation in 7 patients. Dizziness, nausea and ataxia were the most common AEs. The tolerability profile improved in 4/5 patients who switched from carbamazepine (CBZ) or oxcarbazepine (OXC) to ESL due to AEs. Conclusions ESL was well-tolerated and effective in elderly patients in a real-life setting over 1 year, with a dose around 800 mg/day. AE effects improved in most of who switched from CBZ or OXC to ESL ER  - 
Stereotypy of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are defined as paroxysmal episodes in which epileptic semiology features are manifested, without the characteristic concomitant electrical discharges seen in epileptic seizures. Although many studies have dealt with semiologic classification of PNES, most of the studies did not raise the question of consistency of PNES in the same patient. The aim of this study was to measure the degree of consistency of PNES among individual patients. We retrospectively reviewed medical records and video- EEG records of all adult patients who underwent monitoring in our center from August 1st 2013 to May 31st 2015. Those who were diagnosed with PNES with or without a background of epilepsy were selected for this study. In order to check consistency between seizures, we analyzed patients who had more than one recorded seizure during monitoring. In case of more than 2 recorded seizures, the first two seizures were analyzed. We found 53 patients who had PNES during this period, 29 of them had more than one seizure. All seizures in the same patient were in the same semiology category. In patients with either motor rhythmic or complex motor seizures, we found a main anatomical region involved. The main anatomical region involved was the same in 13 out of 14 patients. Movement frequency was highly similar between the seizures of the same patient, while duration of seizures was significantly different. Despite significant differences in duration between the first and second seizure in patients with PNES, all other aspects tested were highly similar. This shows that recurrent PNES in the same patient are stereotypic. This supports the hypothesis that PNES is probably a dissociative disorder. ER  - 
Comorbidity and polypharmacy in chronic heart failure: A large cross-sectional study in primary care$$$ Background: Comorbidity is common in heart failure, but previous prevalence estimates have been based on a limited number of conditions using mainly non-primary care data sources. Aim: To compare prevalence rates of comorbidity and polypharmacy in those with and without chronic heart failure due to left ventricular systolic dysfunction (LVSD). Design and setting A cross-sectional study of 1.4 million patients in primary care in Scotland. Method: Data on the presence of LVSD, 31 other physical, and seven mental health comorbidities, and prescriptions were extracted from a database of 1 424 378 adults. Comorbidity prevalence was compared in patients with and without LVSD, standardised by age, sex, and deprivation. Pharmacology data were also compared between the two groups. Results: There were 17 285 patients (1.2%) who had a diagnosis of LVSD. Compared with standardised controls, the LVSD group had greater comorbidity, with the biggest difference found for seven or more conditions (odds ratio [OR] 4.10; 95% confidence interval (CI] = 3.90 to 4.32). Twenty-five physical conditions and six mental health conditions were significantly more prevalent in those with LVSD relative to standardised controls. Polypharmacy was higher in the LVSD group compared with controls, with the biggest difference found for ≥11 repeat prescriptions (OR 4.81; 95% CI = 4.60 to 5.04). However, these differences in polypharmacy were attenuated after controlling for the number of morbidities, indicating that much of the additional prescribing was accounted for by multimorbidity rather than LVSD per se. Conclusion: Extreme comorbidity and polypharmacy is significantly more common in patients with chronic heart failure due to LVSD. The efficient management of such complexity requires the integration of general and specialist expertise. ER  - 
The rate of mental disorders case finding after implementing the family physician program in rural areas of Isfahan province, Iran$$$ Background: Health Sector Reform (HSR) has been implemented in Islamic Republic of Iran since 2005 in rural, nomadic, and urban areas with population of less than 20 thousands, called Family Physician Program. One of the main objectives of this program is improvement of the accessibility and utilization rate of primary health cares. This study carried out to evaluate the case-finding rate of mental disorders after implementing this program. Methods: In a cross-sectional study in Isfahan province, Iran, the data of the patients received mental health services during the period 2008-2015 were collected. After summarizing and providing mental health indicators in accordance with the objectives of the program, the results of these indicators were compared with expected country indicators provided by the Iranian Ministry of Health and Medical Education. Findings: In that interval, the mean case finding rates of severe mental disorders, mild mental disorders, epilepsy, mental retardation, and behavioral disorders were 1.59, 6.37, 2.89, 2.87, and 0.6 per one-thousand population per year, respectively. Conclusion: The case finding rate of severe mental and behavioral disorders were declined after implementing Health Sector Reform in rural areas of Isfahan province compared to the expected country indicators and also before Health Sector Reform. ER  - 
Two-year retrospective review of paediatric hospital admissions for non-epileptic events$$$ Background: Non-epileptic events (NEE) are paroxysmal events, which may imitate seizures, but have cardiac, psychiatric or behavioural origins. We analysed paediatric hospitalisations for NEE, including psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), in a large suburban hospital in southwest Sydney over 2 years. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed for children (>28 days and <18 years) admitted to Campbelltown Hospital from 2014 to 2015 with seizures and convulsions as defined by International Statistical Classification of Diseases (ICD- 10-AM) coding. Following review of electronic case notes, initial diagnostic codes were evaluated for accuracy, and if necessary, reassigned. Demographics, history, clinical features, investigations and management were analysed. Results: There were 100 admissions for NEE, representing 18.8% (100/533) of all admissions for paediatric seizures. Causes included vasovagal syncope, 43%; PNES, 16%; concussion, 7%; cardiac syncope, 7%; migraine, 6%; breathing abnormalities, 5%; factitious disorder by proxy, 4%; ataxia/falls, 4%; movement abnormalities, 3%; disorientation, 3%; and narcolepsy, 2%. The average length of stay was 3.2 (range 0-71) days. Mean age was 11.8 (range 1-16) years. Adolescents (13-17 years) were more likely to be admitted with NEE than other seizure types (OR 15.23; 95%CI 9.02-25.71). No statistical association was found with gender or Indigenous status. In children comprising 48% of admissions, there were no previous seizures. Previous NEE were noted in 27%. In 19%, a diagnosis of epilepsy was being considered; 5% had established epilepsy and 1% had previous symptomatic seizures. Those eventually diagnosed as PNES were five times more likely to have a label of 'possible' epilepsy at admission (OR 5.25; 95% CI 1.8-15.0). The following clinical features were significantly more common in NEE compared to other seizure types (P ≤ 0.01): presence of aura (44.6 vs. 14.5%); presence of emotional stressors prior to seizure (11.6 vs. 0%); 'atypical' semiology (59.3 vs. 0.3%); and seizure duration <5 min (75.3 vs. 66.5%). A post-ictal period was less common in NEE than neurological seizures (58.9 vs. 78.9%, P = 0.00). Children with NEE were 18 times more likely to have psychiatric diagnoses than children with other seizure types (OR 18.58; 95% CI 6.16-56.03). Within the NEE group, those with PNES were twice as likely to have psychiatric comorbidities (OR 2.75; 95% CI 0.79-9.60). They were also more likely to be investigated with electroencephalography (EEG) (OR 2.49; 95% CI 0.9-6.8) but not more likely to have definitively normal or abnormal results (P = 0.24). No significant associations were found between NEE and developmental or behavioural comorbidities. Conclusions: NEE are common, but often difficult to diagnose. Children tend to be older and have psychiatric comorbidities, particularly those with PNES. However there are a variety of organic causes of NEE. Routine EEG is usually unhelpful. Best practice involves video-EEG and neuropsychiatric evaluation. Both should be available to busy units. ER  - 
Two-year retrospective review of paediatric hospital admissions for seizure-like events$$$ Background: Seizure-like events (SLE) may be defined as paroxysmal, time-limited alterations in consciousness, behaviour, sensation or motor activity. They are commonly due to neuronal malfunction, but may have other causes. The majority of published studies review individual causes of SLE such as epilepsy or non-epileptic events. Our study reviewed overall causes of SLE in children admitted to a large hospital in southwest Sydney over a 2-year period. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed for all children (>28 days and <18 years) admitted from 2014 to 2015 to Campbelltown Hospital with SLE as identified by International Statistical Classification of Diseases (ICD-10-AM) codes for epilepsies and specific paroxysmal events. Following review of electronic case notes, initial diagnostic codes were evaluated for accuracy and, if necessary, reassigned into five categories of seizures: epileptic (ES), probable epileptic (PS), febrile (FS), symptomatic (SS), and non-epileptic events (NEE). Cases were analysed for patient demographics, history, clinical features, investigations, management and admission complexity, as measured by National Weighted Activity Units (NWAU). Results: There were 533 admissions for SLE from 373 children, representing 5.8% of all paediatric admissions. Overall, ES comprised 42.6%, PS 12.8%, FS 23.1%, SS 2.8% and NEE 18.8% of admissions. Status epilepticus occurred in 11.8%. There was no significant association between seizure type and average length of stay (P = 0.24) or average NWAU (P = 0.29). There was no significant association between seizure type and gender (P = 0.06) or Indigenous status (P = 0.86). During the study period, 291 children were admitted once only, while 82 children had recurrent hospitalisations totalling 242 admissions. Children with recurrent hospitalisations were more likely to suffer from epilepsy than other seizure types (OR 3.76; 95% CI 2.52-5.62). Causes of ES included genetic (46.3%), structural/metabolic (27.8%) and unknown (26.0%). Developmental delay was present in 56.6% of those with epilepsy and 16% had autism. Generalised seizures were more common than focal (71.1 vs. 28.3%). Most FS were associated with otitis media or upper respiratory infection (52%) but cause of fever was unknown in 19.5%. FS were simple in 78% and complex in 22%. The major causes of NEE were vasovagal syncope (43%) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (16%). Most SS were provoked by trauma (33%) and febrile gastroenteritis (26.7%), with meningitis, metabolic disturbance and drug use each causing 13.3%. Conclusions: SLE are a major cause for paediatric hospitalisations in Campbelltown of which epilepsy and probable epilepsy comprised nearly 50%. This differs from reports from the United States where FS and NEE accounted for the majority of seizure presentations. Associations with autism or developmental delay were common in epilepsy, as reported by other centres. The predominance of hospitalisations for epilepsy is unexplained but given recurrent admissions, might represent local difficulty in provision of anti-epileptic therapy, which has implications for resource allocation and augmentation of neurological services. ER  - 
Intramuscular ziprasidone for acute agitation in prehospital patients$$$ Background: Behavioral emergencies resulting in severe agitation and agitated delirium present a difficult situation for prehospital providers. Common chemical restraints include benzodiazepines and first generation antipsychotic medications, either alone or in combination, and the dissociative anesthetic ketamine. However, the safety profile of these medications have been questioned. Ziprasidone, a second generation antipsychotic, has an improved safety profile compared to the first generation antipsychotics, and may have comparable efficacy to first generation antipsychotic medications for treatment of acute agitation. Methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study among 244 patients administered Ziprasidone by paramedics in order to demonstrate the feasibility, safety, and efficacy of utilizing ziprasidone in the prehospital setting. Results: Twenty patients (9%) suffered adverse outcomes, including 1 death (0.5%), 9 ICU admissions (4%), 12 patients with Glasgow Coma Score (GCS) < 8 upon hospital arrival, and 3 that suffered seizures after administration of ziprasidone. Eight patients (4%) required airway intervention, and 4 (2%) required endotracheal intubation. Forty eight patients still required restraints upon hospital admission, and 73 (35%) required additional sedation. When patients suffering from adverse outcomes were compared to those that did not, there were significant differences found between emergency room GCS (P < 0.001), need for airway intervention (P < 0.001), altered mental status as a chief complaint (P=0.01), and a final diagnosis involving a medical, rather than psychiatric issue (P=0.015). Conclusions: This study demonstrates that it is feasible for prehospital providers to utilize intramuscular ziprasidone for acute agitation, and suggests that this medication is relatively safe for use in this difficult patient population. ER  - 
Thiamine supplementation in septic shock patients with alcohol use disorders$$$ Background: Previous studies have shown alcohol-use disorders (AUDs) to be associated with increased sepsis-related mortality although the mechanism through which AUDs contribute to worse outcomes has not been fully elucidated. Thiamine (vitamin B1) deficiency is a common sequela of AUDs and may contribute to impaired mitochondrial aerobic respiration leading to refractory acidosis/death if untreated. In the present study, we hypothesized that (1) septic patients with AUDs do not consistently receive thiamine as part of their treatment regimen, and that (2) those not receiving thiamine have increased mortality compared to those receiving thiamine. Methods: We performed at retrospective analysis of all patients presenting with septic shock between 2008 and 2014 at a single tertiary care center. Patients were identified based on (1) receipt of antibiotics, (2) use of vasopressors, (3) lactate levels > 4 mmol/L, and (4) an AUD diagnosis based on ICD-9 codes. We excluded patients with seizures during the hospital stay and those with non-index events. Descriptive statistics were used to calculate the proportion of septic patients with AUDs receiving thiamine, and mortality between groups were compared using Fisher's Exact. Results: We included a total of 88 patients. The median age was 57 (quartiles: 49, 64), and 67% were male. 59/88 (67%) of all patients received thiamine and overall mortality was 43/88 (49%). In those receiving thiamine, 24/59 (41%) died, compared to 19/29 (66%) of those not receiving thiamine, p = 0.03. Conclusion: In this study, we found that a considerable proportion of patients with AUDs admitted for septic shock did not receive thiamine. Thiamine administration in patients with AUDs and septic shock was associated with decreased mortality. We suspect that failure to administer thiamine in this patient population is related to a shift in clinician focus towards the septic insult and away from the AUD history, although further studies are needed to better understand this phenomenon. ER  - 
A case series of levetiracetam-related psychiatric symptoms$$$ Background: One function of the prefrontal cortex is cortical modulation of emotion/arousal arising in the limbic system. Brain tumours affecting these areas can cause personality/ behavioural disturbances. The authors note that some brain tumour patients have additional contributors to disinhibition/ impulsivity and empathic attunement. One such factor may be levetiracetam, a common perioperative antiepileptic drug, which is discontinued due to psychiatric side effects in 7% of epileptic patients (De Smedt et al., 2007), but little data exist regarding additional risks in brain tumour patients. Objectives: To describe a case series of glioma patients with levetiracetam-associated psychiatric symptoms and propose a potential aetiology for investigation. Methods: A search of referrals to a consultation-liaison psychiatry service and discussion with neuro-oncology staff was undertaken to identify cases of possible levetiracetam induced psychiatric symptoms in patients with glioma. Medical records were hand searched to exclude patients with delirium, hypomania or steroid-induced mood disturbance. A series of five cases is presented with a discussion of possible aetiology. Findings: The authors report a clinical impression of significant mood disturbance in glioma patients being treated with levetiracetam, which appears more common than the rate reported for the epilepsy population. Conclusions: The authors propose a potential aetiology of levetiracetam-related disinhibition of limbic function causing amplified emotional responses. This may be particularly problematic in the glioma population due to tumour-related prefrontal dysfunction limiting the patients' capacity for cortical modulation, which may be similarly problematic in patients with other causes of prefrontal dysfunction. We propose investigation of this potential aetiology using functional neuroimaging approaches. ER  - 
Radiosynthesis of mGlu5 PET tracer [18F]PSS232 with protic solvent additives$$$ Objectives [18F]PSS232 is a recently developed radiotracer to image metabotropic glutamate receptors subtype 5(mGlu5) for several neuropsychiatric implications such as such as schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, and epilepsy [1-3]. The aim of this work is to implement the automated radiosynthesis of [18F]PSS232 using GE TracerLab FxFn module for routine production in clinics. Also, we wish to report the effect of protic solvent additives for aliphatic radiofluorination in [18F]PSS232 production [4]. Methods Automated radiosynthesis of [18F]-(E)-PSS232 was performed on the GE TracerLab FxFn module without modification of original configuration. Nucleophilic fluorination of mesylate (-OMs) group on the (E)-PSS232-OMs precursor was achieved with cyclotron-produced [18F]fluoride ion in DMSO at 120oC for 10 min, followed by HPLC purification and formulation in 80 min. To determine the influence of protic solvent on RCY, [18F]F-K+-K 2.2.2. was added to the V-vial containing precursor (0.5 mg) and DMSO (1 mL) with alcoholic additive (t-amyl alcohol) in 1, 2.5, 5, 10% (v/v) increment in DMSO, respectively. Reaction vessel was heated to 120°C for 10 min. The reaction mixture aliquot (0.1 mL) was diluted with 0.9 mL of 60% MeCN/H2O (v/v) and subsequently injected to radio-HPLC for analysis. Results Automated radiosynthesis on GE TracerLab Fx-Fn module followed by HPLC purification and formulation gave [18F]-(E)-PSS232 in 26-33 % RCYs (decay-corrected, n=5) with radiochemical purity above 95 % for [18F]-(E)-conformer. Specific activity was determined to be in the range between 37-54 GBq/μmol. For the effect of alcoholic solvent additives, t-amyl alcohol proved to be better additive than t-butanol to DMSO. With 10 % addition of t-amyl alcohol (v/v) in DMSO, RCY was reached up to 86 %, when performed at 120°C for 10 min. Conclusions We have successfully implemented the automated radiosynthesis of [18F]-(E)-PSS232 for future clinical trials. Addition of t-amyl alcohol significantly improves the RCY. Efficiency of this method is currently being optimized for large scale, automated [18F]-(E)-PSS232 production. These methods may find useful applications in other radiotracer production where aliphatic radiofluorination is labeling motif to produce PET tracer. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Slow titration reduces the risk of lamotrigine induced rash in patients with mood disorders$$$ Background and Aims: Lamotrigine (LTG) is a tolerable agent, widely used for maintenance treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder and other psychiatric disorders, however, rash is known as main cause of discontinuation. To clarify effect of titration schedule at initiation on the emerging of rash in patients with mood (non-epileptic) disorders in a naturalistic setting, we conducted a 12-month multicenter surveillance on the use of newly initiated LTG. Methods: Age, sex, diagnosis, concomitant medication, titration schedule of LTG, adverse events and treatment outcome were collected from the medical records. Physician decided titration schedules for each patient were classified into three classes. "Standard" is a schedule based on the approved local label. 'Fast' employs overdosing during initiation. "Slow" is defined as fulfilling both of the following, (1) dosage at 4 weeks is fewer than the standard, (2) increase interval and amount never exceeded the standard. Statistical analyses were carried out using JMP12.2, employing a multivariate logistic regression. Results: A total of 318 patients were enrolled in the surveillance. 233 patients received LTG treatment for 12 month safely. Rash was the main cause of discontinuation, which appeared 21 in the "standard" group (n=150, 14.0%) and 10 in the "slow" group (n=159, 6.30%), respectively. The "slow" titration significantly reduced (adjusted OR: 0.352 P=.0131) and concomitant sodium valproate significantly increased (adjusted OR: 3.970 P=.0038) the risk of rash. We excluded the "fast" group (n=9) because of the known risk. Conclusions: "Slow" titration schedule could be a candidate procedure, which reduces risk of LTG-induced rash. ER  - 
Adverse childhood experiences (ACE) and other correlates in children presenting for autism spectrum disorder(ASD) diagnosis$$$ Aims To determine whether adverse childhood experiences (ACE) influence child behaviour and correlation with final diagnosis of ASD in a cohort of children referred for a diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Methods We did a retrospective analysis of 156 children referred to a district level child development centre for assessment of ASD. Correlation by means of univiarate chi squared tests using SPSS of behavioural features (sensory difficulties, poor sleep, loses temper, physical aggression and sad or self-harm) in relation to potential predisposing factors including: age, sex, gestation, epilepsy, chromosomal defect, presence of developmental delay, final diagnosis of ASD and ACE in the form of maternal depression, domestic violence and child protection plan (past or present). Source of information was electronic records (SystmOne), where the evidence for domestic violence and the child protection plan was derived directly from police and social care. Results The average age of the children at the time of referral was 6.5 (median 5.4, range 1-15) years, 40 (26%) were girls, only 3 had been born pre-term (<36 weeks). 115 had been through the complete ASD diagnostic process and 63 (55%) had received a diagnosis of ASD. In relation to ACE; 12 (8%) had or had had a protection plan, 19 (12%) had experienced domestic violence and 9 (6%) maternal depression. Significant associations were: domestic violence with temper (p=0.037) and aggression (p=0.030), maternal depression with aggression (p=0.049), child self-harm with temper (p=0.001) and aggression (p=0.04), sleep difficulties with aggression (p=0.002), developmental delay with temper (p=0.012). The diagnosis of ASD correlated with sensory difficulties (p<0.001) and developmental delay (p=0.014). Many aggressive children received medication (p=0.003). Conclusion The results show exposure to domestic violence and maternal depression had an impact on behaviour but not on the diagnosis of ASD which was strongly correlated with developmental delay. Computerised medical records systems deriving information from a variety of sources can reveal the impact of ACE on child behaviour. It is important two of the three ACE were recorded independently of parental history. These relationships, using these types of information sources, deserve further systematic prospective study with larger cohorts. ER  - 
Magnetic seizure therapy changes plasticity and inhibition in treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a novel therapeutic option for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Our objectives were to identify the biological indicators of suicidal ideation remission following a course of MST using combined TMS-EEG. Methods: 23 patients with TRD were recruited as part of an open-label clinical trial of MST treatment. TMS-EEG measures of plasticity and inhibition were recorded from the left DLPFC within the week before MST and after an acute course of MST i.e., three times per week for up to 8 weeks. HRSD-24 and the SSI were used to assess depressive and suicidal symptoms, respectively. Results: After MST, HRSD-24 and SSI scores were significantly decreased by MST treatment (p < 0.0005). Of the 18 patients with suicidal ideation at baseline, 8 patients (44.4%) had SSI remission from MST treatment. MST induced an increase in neural plasticity from frontal central electrodes (cluster p = 0.040). There was also a correlation between the decrease in LICI and the decrease in SSI over the right frontal and central electrodes (cluster p = 0.044, max at CZ, spearman rho 5 0.73). LICI change in CZ correctly identified SI remitters from non-remitters with 90% sensitivity and 88% specificity (AUC 5 0.9, p = 0.004). These findings were not found with TMS-EEG to the motor cortex stimulation. Conclusions: Our results suggest that MST increases neural plasticity in the DLPFC. MST also decreased cortical inhibition that predicted SI remission. These findings suggest that plasticity and inhibition are key neurophysiological indicators of TRD treatment response to MST. ER  - 
Repetitive brain stimulation induces long-term plasticity across patient populations and spatial scales$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is a commonly-used treatment for depression. However, our understanding of the mechanism by which TMS exerts its antidepressant effect is limited. Methods: We randomized 30 depressed patients to daily real versus sham left dlPFC rTMS (2:1 real/sham ratio), analyzed in an intent-to-treat manner with linear mixed modeling. Single pulse TMS-induced evoked potentials (TEPs) were recorded before and after treatment. Additionally, 10 healthy controls underwent a paired-pulse TEP protocol. Finally, to complement these non-invasive studies, focal repetitive electrical stimulation was applied in a rTMS-like pattern in four patients with intractable epilepsy and after-effects were quantified. Results: We found that real rTMS was associated with a significantly greater reduction in the p60 (p<0.05) and p200 (p50.002) potentials compared to sham rTMS, which localized to the left dlPFC and medial PFC. Clinical outcomes were better for those patients with larger p60/p200 TEPs at baseline (p<0.001) or in whom there was a greater rTMS-related reduction in these TEPs (p<0.017). The paired-pulse experiment furthermore demonstrated that the p200 potential reflects intracortical inhibition. Intracranial studies also demonstrated plasticity in electrically-evoked responses after repetitive stimulation. Conclusions: Daily rTMS induces long-lasting neuromodulatory effects temporally and spatially removed from the site of rTMS stimulation, which are highly predictive of clinical outcome, and which appear to involve a decrease in intracortical inhibition (hence resulting in a net increase in excitability). Future applications include utilization of this TMS/EEG biomarker to optimize stimulation site, monitor efficacy, and predict treatment outcome. ER  - 
Controlled clinical trial of magnetic seizure therapy (MST) and ECT: A medication-free study$$$ Background: The aims were:1) Evaluate the feasibility and safety of magnetic seizure therapy (MST) in treating major depressive disorder (MDD) in the Egyptian population. 2) Compare the efficacy of MST in MDD to that of ECT without the confounding effect of medications; 3) Compare the cognitive adverse effects of MST to that of ECT. Methods: After IRB approval and informed consent, adult patients who were not on antidepressant treatment for 6 weeks and matched for demographic characteristics were assigned to be treated with either Unilateral or bilateral ECT with Thymatron IV (Somatics, Venice, FL, USA) and pulse width of 0.5msec, or HD-MST with Magstim Theta device (Wales, UK). The MST stimulation was at 100% of device output, frequency 100Hz, and train duration of 10 seconds at vertex placement. Efficacy was primarily assessed by Hamilton Depression Scale-21 and cognitive side effects were assessed by Time to Reorientation (TRO) and a neuropsychological battery (pre-post course). Results: Sixty depressed patients with MDD (DSM-IV) were enrolled. There was no difference in depression improvement between MST and ECT group. In addition, MST had significantly less cognitive adverse effects and much faster TRO of 1.8min (SD50.36) compared to both unilateral and bilateral ECT. Limitations: include that the study were matched for demographics but randomization or blinded. Conclusions: MST was feasible and safe in this population. MST was also efficacious in treating MDD with less cognitive adverse effects than ECT. Larger studies are needed to replicate these findings before adoption in clinical care. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric profiles of children and adoles cents with hypothalamic hamartomas$$$ Background: Hypothalamic hamartomas are rare brain malformations characterised by a clinical syndrome of seizures, central precocious puberty, behavioral, emotional and cognitive difficulties. Psychiatric symptoms often present the greatest burden of morbidity for patients and families. Due to the rarity of the disease, the heterogeneity of the presentation, and the multifactorial aetiology, prognosis is varied and management strategies are yet to be standardised. Methods: The notes of 46 pediatric cases with hypothalamic hamartomas were examined retrospectively. Demographics, psychiatric symptoms, cognitive functioning, epileptic profiles, and pubertal status were recorded. ICD-10 codes for psychiatric disorder were assigned to applicable cases. Results: 61% of cases were male. The mean age at diagnosis was 4.2 years (0-14 years). 71.7% of the cases met criteria for $ 1 ICD-10 Axis 1 psychiatric disorder. Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder were most frequent. 46% experienced characteristic rage attacks. 50% had some degree of intellectual disability, most commonly mild. 63% of cases experienced seizures, most commonly gelastic in nature. 40% of cases had precocious puberty. Conclusions: This data set represents one of the largest in the pediatric hypothalamic hamartoma literature. A significant proportion of cases have psychiatric disorders and intellectual disability. These presenting features are a product of numerous aetiological factors. The direct brain-behaviour effects from disrupted hypothalamic functioning, possible epileptic encephalopathy resulting from refractory seizures and impact of antiepileptic medications are all contributory. These findings also provide insight into the pathoaetiology of other neuropsychiatric disorders where hypothalamic dysfunction has been implicated. ER  - 
Repetitive brain stimulation induces long-term plasticity across patient populations and spatial scales$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is a commonly-used treatment for depression. However, our understanding of the mechanism by which TMS exerts its antidepressant effect is limited. Methods: We randomized 30 depressed patients to daily real versus sham left dlPFC rTMS (2:1 real/sham ratio), analyzed in an intent-to-treat manner with linear mixed modeling. Single pulse TMS-induced evoked potentials (TEPs) were recorded before and after treatment. Additionally, 10 healthy controls underwent a paired-pulse TEP protocol. Finally, to complement these non-invasive studies, focal repetitive electrical stimulation was applied in a rTMS-like pattern in four patients with intractable epilepsy and after-effects were quantified. Results: We found that real rTMS was associated with a significantly greater reduction in the p60 (p<0.05) and p200 (p50.002) potentials compared to sham rTMS, which localized to the left dlPFC and medial PFC. Clinical outcomes were better for those patients with larger p60/p200 TEPs at baseline (p<0.001) or in whom there was a greater rTMS-related reduction in these TEPs (p<0.017). The paired-pulse experiment furthermore demonstrated that the p200 potential reflects intracortical inhibition. Intracranial studies also demonstrated plasticity in electrically-evoked responses after repetitive stimulation. Conclusions: Daily rTMS induces long-lasting neuromodulatory effects temporally and spatially removed from the site of rTMS stimulation, which are highly predictive of clinical outcome, and which appear to involve a decrease in intracoritcal inhibition (hence resulting in a net increase in excitability). Future applications include utilization of this TMS/EEG biomarker to optimize stimulation site, monitor efficacy, and predict treatment outcome. ER  - 
Impact of comorbid psychological trauma on electroconvulsive therapy outcomes in depression: A retrospective chart review$$$ Background: The influence of psychological trauma on electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatment outcomes in patients with depression is unknown. This goal of this study was to determine treatment response and ECT-related cognitive impairment (ECI) in clinical sample of patients with comorbid depression and psychological trauma. Methods: We examined the clinical records of 72 patients, who received 95 acute courses of ECT, treated at an academic mental health hospital from October 2009 to September 2016. Included individuals had a DSM-V diagnosis of unipolar/bipolar depression and whose clinical records indicated a comorbid diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) or borderline personality disorder (BPD), which are both diagnoses associated with psychological trauma. Treatment response was determined by reviewing clinical notes to estimate clinical global impression improvement subscale and ECI was the global impression of cognitive impairment secondary to ECT as rated by the referring physician. Results: The rate of treatment response was 67.4%. Factors associated with response were a lack of BPD diagnosis (60.9% responders vs 87.1% of non-responders), and greater number of ECT treatments (mean 11.3 vs 8.1). Factors not associated with response included age, depression type, psychosis, childhood trauma, electrode placement, or benzodiazepines. The rate of ECI was 25.8% and was associated with antiepileptic medication (2% without ECI vs 23.5% with ECI). Conclusions: This work demonstrates ECT's effectiveness for depression in individuals with psychological trauma histories. It highlights important clinical factors such as BPD diagnosis, number of treatments, and anti-epileptic medication as important clinical factors to consider when considering pursuing ECT in this patient population. ER  - 
Kratom and phenibut: Increasing use and abuse$$$ Background: 4-Amino-3-phenyl butyric acid (phenibut) is a psychoactive xenobiotic that has structural homology with gamma-amino butyric acid (GABA) and p-chloro 4-amino-phenyl-butryic acid (baclofen). Sedation, weakness, ataxia may occur after use of phenibut. Mitragyna speciosa Korth (kratom) is a plant that has opioid neurotransmitter effects and activity at adrenergic, adenosine 2A, postsynaptic alpha2, dopamine 2, and various serotonin receptors. Effects of kratom are consistent with mu opioid receptor agonism, but additional central nervous stimulation symptoms such as tachycardia or seizures have been reported. Abuse-with or without withdrawal-has infrequently been reported in scientific literature, but dependence syndromes would be expected based on the neurotransmitter profile. The American Association of Poison Control Centers have taken increasing calls on kratom exposure in the last 5 years nationally (2 calls from 2000 to 2005 vs 660 between 2010 and 2015). The increasing use and potential for abuse and withdrawal from phenibut or kratom is important for clinicians to be aware of as both of these xenobiotics are available over the internet or in nutritional stores. Methods: A retrospective review of the local regional poison center system data was conducted. Cases listing phenibut or kratom as the substance of exposure or question were selected. Results: The poison center receives 65,000 calls yearly, covering a population of 7 million people among 3 states. There were 47 calls regarding kratom exposure and 20 calls regarding phenibut between October 2011 and October 2016-notably, 75% of those calls occurred between 2014 and 2016. The majority of the callers appeared to be using the substances recreationally, with some stating use for treatment of "anxiety" or "restless legs." Less than 10% of the calls reported suicidal intention. Approximately 20% of the phenibut-related calls and over 30% for kratom mentioned the recurrent use of the product for recreational purposes. For each kratom and phenibut approximately 20% of the calls were related to questions regarding withdrawal symptoms after cessation of use. Conclusions: Calls to poison centers regarding exposures to phenibut or kratom have increased in recent years. A proportion of the callers to a regional poison center noted the regular use of the substance and concerns regarding withdrawal. Clinicians should be aware of the growing use and misuse of these substances. ER  - 
Longitudinal study of postconcussion syndrome: Not everyone recovers$$$ We examined recovery from postconcussion syndrome (PCS) in a series of 285 patients diagnosed with concussion based on international sport concussion criteria who received a questionnaire regarding recovery. Of 141 respondents, those with postconcussion symptoms lasting less than 3 months, a positive computed tomography (CT) and/or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), litigants, and known Test of Memory Malingering (TOMM)-positive cases were excluded, leaving 110 eligible respondents. We found that only 27% of our population eventually recovered and 67% of those who recovered did so within the first year. Notably, no eligible respondent recovered from PCS lasting 3 years or longer. Those who did not recover (n = 80) were more likely to be non-compliant with a do-not-return-to-play recommendation (p = 0.006) but did not differ from the recovered group (n = 30) in other demographic variables, including age and sex (p ≥ 0.05). Clustergram analysis revealed that symptoms tended to appear in a predictable order, such that symptoms later in the order were more likely to be present if those earlier in the order were already present. Cox proportional hazards model analysis showed that the more symptoms reported, the longer the time to recovery (p = 7.4 × 10-6), with each additional symptom reducing the recovery rate by approximately 20%. This is the first longitudinal PCS study to focus on PCS defined specifically as a minimum of 3 months of symptoms, negative CT and/or MRI, negative TOMM test, and no litigation. PCS may be permanent if recovery has not occurred by 3 years. Symptoms appear in a predictable order, and each additional PCS symptom reduces recovery rate by 20%. More long-term follow-up studies are needed to examine recovery from PCS. ER  - 
Prevalence and associated factors of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among Ugandan children$$$ a cross-sectional study; Background: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neuropsychiatric disorder among the children. The burden of ADHD or its associated factors in Uganda are not known. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence and the associated factors of ADHD among children attending the neurology and psychiatry clinics at Mulago National Referral Hospital. Methods: Using the disruptive behavior scale (45 items), we investigated the presence of ADHD symptoms among children attending Mulago Hospital. Questionnaires were administered to the primary care-takers of the study participants to gather information on the factors associated with ADHD. All children were subject to a clinical examination. Children presumed to have ADHD, using the aforementioned rating scale were further assessed by a child psychiatrist to confirm the diagnosis and associated co-morbid conditions. Results: The estimated prevalence of DSM-IV ADHD symptoms was 11%. Children aged less than 10 years were four times likely to have ADHD (OR 4.1, 95% CI 1.7-9.6, p < 0.001). The demographic factors independently associated with ADHD were age less than 10 years, male gender, history of maternal abnormal vaginal discharge during pregnancy, and no formal education or the highest level of education being primary school. Conclusion: The prevalence of ADHD among children attending the pediatric neurology and psychiatry clinics is high in our settings and is associated with delayed milestones. Early identification and addressing the co-morbid conditions associated with ADHD such as epilepsy, autism spectrum of disorder, conduct disorder, opposition defiant disorder and intellectual disability in our setting is needed. ER  - 
Cost of treatment of peripheral neuropathic pain with pregabalin or gabapentin in routine clinical practice: impact of their loss of exclusivity$$$ To analyze the effect of loss of exclusivity of data on the cost of treatment of peripheral neuropathic pain (PNP) with pregabalin or gabapentin in routine clinical practice. A retrospective observational study, with electronic medical records for patients enrolled at primary care centers managed by the health care provider Badalona Serveis Assistencials, who initiated treatment of PNP with pregabalin or gabapentin. The analysis used drugs and resources prices for year 2015. The 1163 electronic medical records (pregabalin; N = 764, gabapentin; N = 399) for patients (62.2% women) with a mean (standard deviation) age of 59.2 (14.7) years were analyzed. Treatment duration was slightly shorter with pregabalin than with gabapentin (5.2 vs 5.5 months; P = 0.124), with mean doses of 227.4 (178.6) mg and 900.0 (443.4) mg, respectively. The average study drug cost per patient was higher for pregabalin than for gabapentin; €214.6 (206.3) vs €157.4 (181.9), P < 0.001, although the cost of concomitant analgesic medication was lower; €176.5 (271.8) vs €306.7 (529.2), P < 0.001. The adjusted average total cost per patient was lower in those treated with pregabalin than in those treated with gabapentin; €2,413 (2119-2708) vs €3201 (2806–3.597); P = 0.002, owing to significantly lower health care costs; €1307 (1247-1367) vs €1538 (1458-1618), P < 0.001, and also non-health care costs; €1106 (819-1393) vs €1663 (1279-2048), P = 0.023, that was caused by a significantly lower use of concomitant medication, fewer medical visits to primary care, and fewer days of sick leave. After loss of exclusivity of both drugs, pregabalin continued to show lower health care and non-health care costs than gabapentin in the treatment of PNP in routine clinical practice. ER  - 
Lacosamide and sodium channel-blocking antiepileptic drug cross-titration against levetiracetam background therapy$$$ Objective: To assess prospectively the effectiveness of lacosamide (LCM) added to levetiracetam (LEV) after down-titration of a concomitant sodium channel blocker (SCB) among patients with focal epilepsy not adequately controlled on LEV and SCB. Methods: In this open-label trial, LCM was initiated at 100 mg/day and up-titrated to 200-600 mg/day over 9 weeks; SCB down-titration started when LCM dose reached 200 mg/day. Patients remained on stable LCM/LEV doses for 12 weeks’ maintenance (21-week treatment period). The primary outcome was retention rate on LCM. Results: Due to recruitment challenges, fewer than the planned 300 patients participated in the trial, resulting in the trial being underpowered. Overall, 120 patients (mean age 39.7 years) started and 93 completed the trial. The most frequently used SCBs were lamotrigine (39.2%), carbamazepine (30.8%) and oxcarbazepine (27.5%). Eighty-four patients adhered to protocol and discontinued their SCB after cross-titration, but there was insufficient evidence for 36 patients. Retention rate was 73.3% (88/120) for all patients and 83.3% (70/84) for those with evidence of SCB discontinuation. Seizure freedom for patients completing maintenance was 14.0% (13/93). Discontinuation due to adverse events (6.7%) and lack of efficacy (3.3%) occurred primarily during cross-titration. Most frequently reported adverse events during treatment were dizziness (23.3%), headache (15.0%) and fatigue (8.3%). Conclusions: In patients with uncontrolled seizures on LEV/SCB, the LCM/LEV combination appeared to be effective and well tolerated. A cross-titration schedule—flexible LCM up-titration, concomitant SCB down-titration and stable background LEV—could present a feasible and practical approach to initiating LCM while minimizing pharmacodynamic interactions with a SCB. ER  - 
Risk Factors and Outcome Analysis in Children with Carbon Monoxide Poisoning$$$ Background Carbon monoxide (CO) poisoning is one of the common causes of poisoning in patients and can result in significant morbidity and mortality. However, few studies have focused on the pediatric group. Methods We retrospectively reviewed children (age < 18 years) with CO poisoning from nonfire accidents at a tertiary medical center in Taiwan from 2002 to 2010. We analyzed the patients’ characteristics, management, and outcome; compared the data of patients who received hyperbaric oxygen (HBO) to those who received normobaric oxygen (NBO) therapy; and identified the ri0sk factors for patients who developed delayed neurological sequelae (DNS) or permanent neurological sequelae (PNS). Results A total of 81 children were enrolled. The annual case number increased from five cases in 2002 to 20 in 2010, particularly during the cold months (December to February). The most common source of exposure was an indoor heating system (54.3%). The most common presenting symptoms were vomiting (32.1%) and consciousness changes (30.9%). HBO treatment tended to be administered to patients with a higher initial COHb (%) (p < 0.001), an initial Glasgow coma scale change (p < 0.001), and admission to the hospital (p = 0.002). After multivariate analysis, treatment in the intensive care unit because of prolonged loss of consciousness (p = 0.002) was the only independent risk factor for patients with DNS; only rescue by a ventilator (p < 0.001) was an independent risk factor for patients with PNS. In comparison to the NBO therapy, HBO treatment did not show benefit or harm to patients according to the incidence of inducing DNS or PNS after multivariate analysis. Conclusion For those with treatment in the intensive care unit because of prolonged loss of consciousness and rescue by a ventilator, special attention should be given and follow-up should be performed to determine whether DNS or PNS occurs, particularly epilepsy and cognitive deficits. ER  - 
The high burden of traumatic brain injury and comorbidities amongst homeless adults with mental illness$$$ Objective characterize the prevalence of self-reported head injury with loss of consciousness (LOC) and associated demographic, clinical and service use factors in a sample of homeless adults with mental illness. Method Participants in the At Home/Chez Soi study were interviewed at the time of study enrollment regarding their history of head injuries, mental and physical health diagnoses and justice system and healthcare interactions. Sociodemographic and clinical data were also collected. Results Over half of the 2088 study respondents (52.6%, n = 1098) reported a history of head injury with a LOC, which was associated with several demographic, clinical and service use variables in this population. With respect to specific mental health conditions, a history of head injury with LOC was associated with higher odds of current depression (OR = 2.18, CI: 1.83–2.60), manic episode or hypomanic episode (OR = 1.91, CI: 1.45–2.50), PTSD (OR = 2.98, CI: 2.44–3.65), panic disorder (OR = 2.37, CI:1.91–2.93), mood disorder (OR = 1.78, CI: 1.40–2.26) and alcohol (OR = 2.09, CI: 1.75–2.49) and drug (OR = 1.73, CI: 1.46–2.06) misuse disorders, but reduced odds of having diagnosis of a psychotic disorder (OR = 0.63, CI: 0.53–0.76). A history of head injury with LOC was also associated with increased use of variety of services, including family medicine (OR = 1.33, CI: 1.12–1.59), criminal justice system (OR = 1.50, CI: 1.25–1.80) and the emergency department (OR = 1.03, CI: 1.01–1.05). Conclusions Amongst homeless adults with mental illness having a history of head injuries with LOC was independently associated with various adverse outcomes. These individuals constitute a high-risk group who may benefit from specialized services. ER  - 
Tolerability and efficacy of perampanel in children with refractory epilepsy$$$ Aim: There are few reports on the tolerability and efficacy of perampanel, a new antiepileptic drug with a novel mechanism of action, in children and adolescents. We aimed to describe our experience with perampanel add-on and mono-therapy in children with refractory epilepsy. Method: Computerized medical records of children treated with perampanel in the paediatric neurology clinic from December 2012 to October 2015 were reviewed. Results: Twenty-four children treated with perampanel (15 females, 9 males) aged 1 year 6 months to 17 years (mean 10y, standard deviation [SD] 4y 5mo) were identified. Adverse events were more common in children aged 12 years or older (89%) compared to younger children (53%), and were mainly behavioural. Ten (42%) children had 50 per cent or higher seizure reduction, two (8%) children had 33 per cent seizure reduction, and seizures were less severe in one (4%) child. Perampanel was discontinued in 13 (54%) children mostly due to adverse events. The mean duration of follow-up in the remaining 11 children was 8.1 months (SD 5.2) (range 1.3–17mo). Interpretation: Perampanel is associated with a relatively high rate of behavioural adverse events mostly in adolescents with refractory epilepsy. ER  - 
Association of Multimorbidity with Mortality and Healthcare Utilization in Chronic Kidney Disease$$$ Objectives: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) almost universally occurs in individuals with other medical problems. However, few studies have described CKD-related multimorbidity using a framework that identifies chronic conditions as concordant (having overlap in treatment goals) versus discordant (having opposing treatment recommendations) and unrelated (having no overlap, but contributing to complexity via different resource requirements). Design: Retrospective cohort. Setting: Veterans Affairs (VA) Medical Centers. Participants: VA patients (n = 821,334) ages 18–100 years with at least one outpatient visit and incident CKD defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate <60 mL/min/1.73 m2 for at least 3 months between January 1, 2005 and December 31, 2008 after excluding prevalent CKD. Measurements: We determined the associations of number of chronic conditions (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or more) stratified by the presence of one or more discordant/unrelated conditions with mortality, hospitalizations and emergency department (ED) visits. Results: There were 381,187 deaths over 6.8 median years of follow-up. Higher risks of death, hospitalization and ED visits were associated with higher number of chronic conditions, among those with and without discordant/unrelated conditions. However, the magnitudes of the associations were consistently larger when at least one discordant/unrelated condition was present. For example, compared to patients with one concordant condition, patients with six or more concordant conditions had an age-, race- and sex-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for mortality of 1.72 (95% CI 1.64–1.80) whereas those with six or more conditions, at least one of which was discordant/unrelated, had a HR of 2.05 (2.01–2.09) (P-interaction <0.001). Conclusions: The presence of one or more discordant/unrelated conditions was associated with increased risk for adverse health outcomes, beyond the effect of multimorbidity. ER  - 
Clinical characterization of autoimmune encephalitis and psychosis$$$ Background and purpose Autoimmune disorders are growing alarmingly high in prevalence across the globe. Autoimmune encephalitis has had a dramatic impact on the medical field, effectually altering diagnostic and treatment paradigms in regard to neuropsychiatric disorders. Our primary goal in conducting this study was to analyze the clinical characteristics of autoimmune encephalitis patients, with special focus on psychiatric presentations, in the West China Hospital and report patient prognoses after immunotherapy. Methods Data for patients admitted to the West China Hospital with autoimmune encephalitis diagnoses from 2015 to 2016 were collected and the corresponding clinical features were analyzed. Results We ultimately included 70 patients with autoimmune encephalitis: 56 (80%) anti-NMDAR encephalitis patients, 8 (11%) LGI1 antibody encephalitis patients, and 6 (9%) GABAbR antibody encephalitis patients. The median age of the 70 patients was 33 years, 40% were female, and the initial symptoms in 31 patients (44%) were psychiatric in nature. Psychiatric disturbance appeared in 58 patients (83%) during inpatient treatment, after which 57 patients (81%) recovered. Conclusions Many patients with autoimmune encephalitis present psychotic symptoms; psychiatric symptoms typically appear before neurological features emerge. Timely diagnosis and treatment may yield favorable prognosis. ER  - 
Parent-Reported Developmental Regression in Autism: Epilepsy, IQ, Schizophrenia Spectrum Symptoms, and Special Education$$$ Examined the psychiatric and clinical correlates of loss of previously acquired skills (regression) as reported by parents of youth with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Study sample comprised 6- to 18-year old (N = 213) children and adolescents with ASD. Parents reported regression in 77 (36%) youth. A more homogeneous subgroup with regression between 18 and 36 months (n = 48) had higher rates of intellectual disability, epilepsy, and special education, more socially restrictive educational settings, and more severe ASD communication deficits and schizophrenia spectrum symptoms than non-regressed youth (n = 136). Similar results were obtained for a more inclusive definition of regression (n = 77). A brief parent report of developmental regression may be a useful clinical indicator of later general functioning. ER  - 
Delivery Outcomes of Patients with Acute Migraine in Pregnancy: A Retrospective Study$$$ Objective: To describe labor and delivery outcomes in pregnant patients presenting to the hospital setting with an acute severe migraine headache attack earlier in the same gestation. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed pregnancy and delivery records from a database of consecutive inpatient neurology consultations for acute headache in pregnant women over a 5 year period. Results: We identified 86 pregnant women with acute migraine. The mean age was 29.3 (±6.4) years. Nearly half had migraine with aura (35/86 [40.7%]), 12.8% (12/86) had chronic migraine, and 31.4% (27/86) presented in status migrainosus. Complication rates included 54.7%([41/75], 95% CI 29.87, 52.13) for at least one adverse outcome, 28.0% ([21/75], 95% CI 11.78, 30.22) for preterm delivery, 21.3% ([16/75], 95% CI 7.7, 24.3) for preeclampsia, 30.6% ([23/75] 95% CI 13.48, 32.52) for cesarean delivery, and 18.7% ([14/75] 95% CI 6.15, 21.85) for low birthweight. Conclusions: Pregnant women seeking treatment for acute migraine headache experienced a higher rate of preterm delivery, preeclampsia, and low birthweight but a lower rate of cesarean delivery than the local and general populations. More than half (54.7% [41/75] 95% CI 29.87, 52.13) of the study patients experienced some type of adverse birth outcome, suggesting that pregnancies in migraine patients presenting to an acute care setting may benefit from more intense surveillance. ER  - 
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of aripiprazole versus bupropion augmentation in patients with major depressive disorder unresponsive to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: A randomized, prospective, open-label study$$$ Purpose The purpose of this study was to compare the efficacy and safety of aripiprazole versus bupropion augmentation in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) unresponsive to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Methods This is the first randomized, prospective, open-label, direct comparison study between aripiprazole and bupropion augmentation. Participants had at least moderately severe depressive symptoms after 4 weeks or more of SSRI treatment. A total of 103 patients were randomized to either aripiprazole (n = 56) or bupropion (n = 47) augmentation for 6 weeks. Concomitant use of psychotropic agents was prohibited. Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale, 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating scale, Iowa Fatigue Scale, Drug-Induced Extrapyramidal Symptoms Scale, Psychotropic-Related Sexual Dysfunction Questionnaire scores were obtained at baseline and after 1, 2, 4, and 6 weeks of treatment. Results Overall, both treatments significantly improved depressive symptoms without causing serious adverse events. There were no significant differences in the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale, 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating scale, and Iowa Fatigue Scale scores, and response rates. However, significant differences in remission rates between the 2 groups were evident at week 6 (55.4% vs 34.0%, respectively; P = 0.031), favoring aripiprazole over bupropion. There were no significant differences in adverse sexual events, extrapyramidal symptoms, or akathisia between the 2 groups. Conclusions The present study suggests that aripiprazole augmentation is at least comparable to bupropion augmentation in combination with SSRI in terms of efficacy and tolerability in patients with MDD. Both aripiprazole and bupropion could help reduce sexual dysfunction and fatigue in patients with MDD. Aripiprazole and bupropion may offer effective and safe augmentation strategies in patients with MDD who are unresponsive to SSRIs. Double-blinded trials are warranted to confirm the present findings. ER  - 
A comparative retrospective exploration of the profiles of patients in South Africa diagnosed with epileptic and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) have a high prevalence globally but the accurate diagnosis of this condition still remains a challenge. This is particularly the case in countries where there is scarce expertise and insufficient affordable medical facilities to which patients have access. The rate of PNES diagnosis in epilepsy units is typically within the range of 20 to 30%. In the context of developing countries, this rate tends to be higher and increases demand on the existing scarce health care capacities. Although the profiling of patients with different seizure presentations is essential for informing appropriate treatment, to date there has been no comparative analysis of the profiles of patients with PNES and epilepsy in South Africa. The aim of the present study was to explore retrospectively the demographic and medication characteristics of these patients and to compare these characteristics to those reported in patient populations from other countries and regions. The total sample of 246 participants included 85 (35%) male and 161 (65%) female patients who were admitted to the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) at Milpark Hospital, South Africa. Following the video-EEG monitoring assessment, 123 patients (50%) were diagnosed with PNES, and for 123 patients (50%) the diagnosis of epilepsy was confirmed. The results indicated that the demographic profiles of the groups of patients with epilepsy and PNES were similar with reference to age and self-ascribed ethnicity. In both groups, the majority of the patients were females, but proportionally their prevalence was higher in the PNES patient group than in the epilepsy patient group, which is compatible with the trends found in the PNES patient populations internationally. Pre-diagnostically, the type and the number of medications prescribed to patients with PNES and epilepsy were comparable. Subsequent to the diagnosis at the EMU, there was a significant reduction of overall medications in each group, but this reducton was more pronounced in the group with PNES. It is concluded that the rate of misdiagnosis of PNES in South Africa surpasses the rates reported for the patient populations in other countries and is one of the highest documented worldwide. Considering that post-diagnostically, there was reduction in central nervous system (CNS) medications as well as anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) in both patients with epilepsy and those with PNES, it is likely that pre-diagnostically a significant proportion of all patients were over medicated. Compared to the epilepsy diagnosis, the PNES diagnosis resulted in a more substantial reduction of medication. These findings outline important dimensions of the diagnostic and medication treatment practices of epilepsy and PNES and point to the urgent need to improve these practices in South Africa and the African continent. ER  - 
A retrospective analysis of complications observed in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia during chemotherapy$$$ BACKGROUND: We aimed to evaluate the complications that we observed in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) during the remission induction, consolidation, and reinduction phases of chemotherapy retrospectively. METHODS: We analysed the clinical records of 128 patients with ALL who were diagnosed and treated in the Department of Pediatric Hematology of Istanbul Medeniyet University Goztepe Training Hospital between August 2009 and April 2014 to document the acute complication other than febrile neutropenia episodes, which developed during the induction, consolidation and reinduction phases of chemotherapy. RESULTS: We documented 279 complications. Of these, 53.05% were in males, 46.95% in females; 32.26% were in standard-risk, 45.52% in medium-risk, 22.22% in high-risk group of patients. Common documented events were pneumonia (25%), therapy-induced hyperglycemia (16.40%) therapy-related hepatitis (15.6%), generalized tonic-clonic seizures (14.8%), anaphylaxis to asparaginase (14.1%), hypertension (13.3%) varicella zoster virus (VZV) infection (13.3%), renal tubulopathy (12.5%). Time of complications was induction phase in 32.62%, consolidation in 19.35%, HR blocks in 18.28%, reinduction 29.75% during the phases. Mortality rate due to complications was 13.28%. CONCLUSIONS: Therapy-related complications can limit the survival rates in children with ALL. To minimize the treatment burden, even very rare complications must be considered and treated promptly with a multidisciplinary approach. ER  - 
Diagnostic implications of review-of-systems questionnaires to differentiate epileptic seizures from psychogenic seizures$$$ Objective Early and accurate diagnosis of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) leads to appropriate treatment and improves long-term seizure prognosis. However, this is complicated by the need to record seizures to make a definitive diagnosis. Suspicion for PNES can be raised through knowledge that patients with PNES have increased somatic sensitivity and report more positive complaints on review-of-systems questionnaires (RoSQs) than patients with epileptic seizures. If the responses on the RoSQ can differentiate PNES from other seizure types, then these forms could be an early screening tool. Methods Our dataset included all patients admitted from January 2006 to June 2016 for video-electroencephalography at UCLA. RoSQs prior to May 2015 were acquired through retrospective chart review (n = 405), whereas RoSQs from subsequent patients were acquired prospectively (n = 190). Controlling for sex and number of comorbidities, we used binomial regression to compare the total number of symptoms and the frequency of specific symptoms between five mutually exclusive groups of patients: epileptic seizures (ES), PNES, physiologic nonepileptic seizure-like events (PSLE), mixed PNES plus ES, and inconclusive monitoring. To determine the diagnostic utility of RoSQs to differentiate PNES only from ES only, we used multivariate logistic regression, controlling for sex and the number of medical comorbidities. Results On average, patients with PNES or mixed PNES and ES reported more than twice as many symptoms than patients with isolated ES or PSLE (p < 0.001). The prospective accuracy to differentiate PNES from ES was not significantly higher than naïve assumption that all patients had ES (76% vs 70%, p > 0.1). Discussion This analysis of RoSQs confirms that patients with PNES with and without comorbid ES report more symptoms on a population level than patients with epilepsy or PSLE. While these differences help describe the population of patients with PNES, the consistency of RoSQ responses was neither accurate nor specific enough to be used solely as an early screening tool for PNES. Our results suggest that the RoSQ may help differentiate PNES from ES only when, based on other information, the pre-test probability of PNES is at least 50%. ER  - 
An investigation of the characteristics of outpatients with epilepsy and antiepileptic drug utilization in a multicenter cross-sectional study in China$$$ Objectives This study aimed to describe the distribution of seizure types, clinical characteristics, and antiepileptic drug (AED) utilization in patients with epilepsy visiting tertiary hospitals in China. Methods This was an observational, cross-sectional epidemiology study conducted at 11 tertiary hospitals across China from May 2014 to November 2014. A total of 1603 patients, of either sex or any age with confirmed diagnosis of epilepsy, visiting outpatient clinics at tertiary hospitals were screened and enrolled. Demographics, seizure types, frequency, etiologies, comorbidities, and current AED therapy were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Results Overall, the majority (n = 1201; 74.9%) of patients were adults (16–59 years of age), and the mean (SD) age was 27.5 (15.9) years. A total of 989 (61.7%) patients had partial seizures, and 653 (40.7%) had generalized seizures. The majority experienced monthly (n = 663) or yearly (n = 625) seizures, with 2.7 seizures/month or 2.9 seizures/year, respectively. The most commonly reported symptomatic etiologies were traumatic brain injury, encephalitis, and stroke, whereas the most common comorbidities were sleep disorder, headache, anxiety, and depression. Overall, monotherapy was used in 54.1% of patients, while 30.6% of patients used dual therapy. The most commonly prescribed monotherapy for patients with partial seizures was oxcarbazepine (25.9%), while that for patients with generalized seizures was valproic acid (38.9%), and the most common AED combination was valproic acid and lamotrigine. Overall, valproic acid was the most commonly prescribed AED as monotherapy and combination therapy. Conclusion Findings from this study provide extensive information on clinical characteristics and utilization of AEDs in Chinese patients with epilepsy which may help physicians make well-informed clinical decisions. ER  - 
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 study of ganaxolone as add-on therapy in adults with uncontrolled partial-onset seizures$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of ganaxolone as adjunctive therapy in adults with uncontrolled partial-onset seizures despite taking up to three concomitant antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Methods: Adults aged 18–69 years and refractory to conventional AEDs were enrolled in a multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. After an 8-week baseline period, patients were randomized 2:1 to ganaxolone 1,500 mg/day or placebo for a 10-week treatment period (2-week forced titration and 8-week maintenance) followed by either tapering or entry into an open-label extension study. The primary endpoint was mean weekly seizure frequency. Secondary endpoints included the proportion of patients experiencing ≥50% reduction in seizure frequency (responder rate), percent change in mean weekly seizure frequency, seizure-free days, and quality of life. Safety and tolerability assessments included adverse events (AEs), treatment discontinuation, and clinical laboratory evaluations. Efficacy analyses were performed on the intent-to-treat population. Results: Of 147 randomized patients (98 ganaxolone, 49 placebo), 131 completed the study; 95% of participants titrated up to 1,500 mg/day and 78% maintained this dose. From baseline to endpoint, mean weekly seizure frequency decreased with ganaxolone (6.5–5.2) versus placebo (9.2–10.8), representing an 11.4% decrease versus placebo (p = 0.0489, analysis of covariance [ANCOVA]). Mean percent change from baseline was −17.6% with ganaxolone versus 2.0% with placebo (p = 0.0144, Kruskal-Wallis test). Responder rates were 24% with ganaxolone versus 15% with placebo (p = 0.19). Discontinuation due to adverse events was similar with ganaxolone (7.1%) and placebo (6.1%). Common adverse events were mild to moderate in severity and included dizziness (16.3% vs. 8.2%), fatigue (16.3% vs. 8.2%), and somnolence (13.3% vs. 2.0%). Significance: Ganaxolone 1,500 mg/day reduced partial-onset seizure frequency and was generally safe and well tolerated in this phase 2 study. These results support continued development of ganaxolone for adult patients with refractory partial-onset seizures. ER  - 
Clinical Predictors of Attention and Executive Functioning Outcomes in Children After Perinatal Arterial Ischemic Stroke$$$ Background Children with perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (PAIS) are at risk for later neurocognitive and behavioral deficits, yet the clinical predictors of these outcomes are understudied. We examined the influence of clinical and infarct characteristics on attention and executive functioning in children following PAIS. Methods Forty children born at term (≥37 weeks' gestation) with PAIS (28 with neonatal arterial ischemic stroke and 12 with presumed PAIS) underwent a comprehensive neuropsychological battery at age three to 16 years (median age 7.2 years; 58% male) to assess attention and executive functioning. Parents also completed questionnaires regarding real-world functioning. Clinical variables including perinatal stroke subtype, infarct characteristics (location, laterality, and volume), and the presence of comorbid epilepsy were ascertained from the medical record. Results Presumed PAIS, larger infarct volume, and comorbid epilepsy negatively influenced the performance on attention and executive functioning measures. These clinical variables were also associated with greater functional problems on parent reports, including a higher frequency of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms and greater difficulties in some subdomains of executive functioning. Infarct location and laterality were not associated with performance measures or parental report of functioning. Conclusion Although all children with PAIS are at risk for later deficits in attention and executive functioning, those with presumed PAIS, larger infarct size, and comorbid epilepsy appear to be the most vulnerable. As they approach and reach school age, these children should undergo neuropsychological assessment to ensure timely implementation of therapeutic interventions and behavioral strategies. ER  - 
Is it worth the pound? think twice!$$$ LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: Recognize the significance of depression, suicidality and seizure in patients treated with naltrexone/bupropion for obesity LEARNING OBJECTIVE #2: Recognize the limited post marketing data available for naltrexone/bupropion use CASE: We present the case of a 67 year old caucasian female with medical history of dyslipedemia, hypertention and obesity who was admitted to critical care unit for new onset witnessed seizure activity resulting in airway compromise. Witnesses of the seizure reported that the patient confessed to having swallowed several weight loss pills prior to the event and that she was holding a note saying: “Can't go on like this anymore” From her family and co-workers we learned that the patient was recently started on naltrexone/bupropion. They described the patient as a very energetic and pleasant person with future oriented goals. She enjoyed her job as a high school clerk. Patient had been trying to lose weight and was started on naltrexone/bupropion therapy 25 days prior to this event with up-titrating doses. Once the patient was out of the critical care, she explained that after starting naltrexone/bupropion, she started feeling “queasy” and “listless” at around week 3 of therapy. “I had never felt like this before” she noted. As the days progressed the nausea and the state of depressed mood got worse and nothing seemed to help. She reported ingesting “a dozen” of the naltrexone/bupropion pills in a suicide attempt on the day of the hospitalization. Soon after the ingestion, she developed generalized seizures which led to airway compromise and critical care was required. IMPACT: New recognized case of acute progressive mood changes that led to a serious suicide attempt after starting naltrexone/bupropion for obesity. Need for close follow up on not only efficacy and common side effects but dedicated focus on mood assesment, expecially in the dose escalation phase. Allow for more post marketing data before widely reccomending naltrexone/bupropion for obesity. DISCUSSION: Efficacy and safety of naltrexone/bupropion was studied in 4 phase 3 trials. Results of these studies looking at the weight loss endpoint were reported as statistically significant and clinically meaningful weight loss compared to placebo. Average weight loss from baseline observed with treatment across the 4 studies corresponded to between approximately 11-22 pounds in 56 weeks. Nausea was a common side effect(31% vs 6.7% in placebo)and was noted to happen during the dose-escalation phase as happened to our patient. Seizures incidence <0.1%vs 0 in placebo. Depression incidence 2.8% vs 3.4% in placebo. Suicidality incidence <0.1% vs 0.2% in placebo. Although these trials showed a lower incidence of depression and suicidality compared to the placebo group, our patient developed acute progressive mood changes that led to a serious suicide attempt. New pharmaceutical products must be evaluated regarding benefit versus risk in light of the fact that little time for post marketing monitoring has occurred. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidity in children with epilepsy: A cross-sectional 5 years rural prevalence study$$$ Background: Epilepsy is one of the most common chronic neurological disorders. In children, it has long debilitating course and is associated with comorbidities including psychiatric comorbidity. To tackle this burden of comorbidities, we must know the extent of problem. Hence, there is a need for estimation of prevalence of psychiatry disorder in children with epilepsy. Aim: The present study was aimed at measuring the prevalence of various psychiatry disorders among children suffering from epilepsy. Settings and Design: Cross-sectional chart review. Methodology: We reviewed case record files of all patients with a diagnosis of epilepsy in the age group of 9-17 years. Chart review was done for 5 years, May 1, 2007, to April 30, 2012. A total of 718 patients record were included in the study after satisfying inclusion criteria and excluding nonepilepsy diagnosis. Statistical Analysis: Statistics was done using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS 18.0). Descriptive statistics were used to calculate the result, Chi-square and Mann-Whitney U-test used wherever applicable. Results: The prevalence of childhood psychiatric disorder among children with epilepsy found to be 31.2%. We also found that having a partial component (73.21%, n = 164) in seizure has more chances of psychopathology in comparison to generalized seizure (8.1%, n = 18). Among them, those having a partial component with generalization (66.96%, n = 150) had a greater prevalence of psychopathology. Mental retardation was most common psychiatric disorder among psychopathology followed by manic/depressive illness (unipolar) followed by unspecified nonorganic psychosis. Conclusion: From our study, we demonstrate the significant mental health needs of children with epilepsy. The evident high prevalence of psychiatry disorder emphasizes the need for psychopathology assessment and treatment as a part of any comprehensive epilepsy clinic. ER  - 
Pediatric epilepsy surgery: The prognostic value of central nervous system comorbidities in patients and their families$$$ Central nervous system comorbidities have been identified in patients with epilepsy. Several of these comorbidities have been correlated with poor surgery outcomes in patient cohorts. The authors sought to determine if prevalence of comorbidities in pediatric epilepsy surgery patients and their families correlate with long-term seizure outcome in a cross-sectional analysis. Three-generation pedigrees were elicited to compare family history of epilepsy, ADHD, anxiety, autism, bipolar disorder, cognitive disability, depression, migraine, and motor disability to surgery outcomes in 52 patients. Proportions of affected patients and relatives were compared to general population comorbidity rates and the patients' most recent seizure outcome classification. Patients and families had significantly higher rates of comorbidities than the general population. Poorer long-term seizure outcomes following resective surgery were associated with autism or cognitive disability in patients. Together these data support evidence for a common pathophysiological mechanism between epilepsy and central nervous system comorbidities. ER  - 
Interpreting and Managing Subjective Cognitive Dysfunction in Adult Epilepsy Clinic Patients$$$ Objective: To report the experience of managing subjective cognitive dysfunction among adult epilepsy clinic patients. Background: Subjective cognitive complaints in epilepsy patients can be difficult to interpret and manage. The Aldenkamp-Baker Neuropsychological Assessment Schedule (ABNAS) is a patient-reported scale validated to measure adverse cognitive effects of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Design/Methods: Adult epilepsy patients presenting to a comprehensive epilepsy center January to February 2015 who completed the 24-item ABNAS were included (N = 100). We retrospectively reviewed outpatient clinic notes to determine whether ABNAS scores, completed prior to the clinic visit, correlated with specific symptoms reported directly to providers during the clinic visit. We also analyzed whether patients' subjective complaints influenced the provider's assessment and plan. Results: The rate of subjective cognitive dysfunction (ABNAS > 15) was 26%; the rate of at least moderate depressive symptoms (PHQ-9 ≥ 10) was 17%. Nineteen percent of patients needed help completing the questionnaire. Separate from endorsing symptoms via the ABNAS, 25% of patients had specific complaints of cognitive dysfunction documented in the medical record by the provider. Sixty-two percent of patients with ABNAS > 15 complained of cognitive dysfunction compared to 12% of patients with ABNAS ≤ 15. The most common complaint was memory and language impairment (11%), followed by fatigue (6%). Patient complaints were acknowledged in the provider assessment and/or plan in 23 of 25 (92%) patients. This led to changes in AED dose in 8 of 25 (32%), switching from one AED to another in 6 of 25 (24%), treatment of depression in 5 of 25 (20%) of patients, and multiple interventions in 10 of 25 (40%). Conclusions: Subjective cognitive dysfunction is common among epilepsy patients, seen in 25% of patients in this cross-sectional study. Cognitive complaints led to changes in AEDs in 56% of patients, and treatment of depression in 20%. ER  - 
Symptomatic thrombocytopenia after one dose of alemtuzumab with successful rechallenge$$$ Objective: We report a case of a patient with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis who developed symptomatic thrombocytopenia immediately after receiving one dose of alemtuzumab. Background: Alemtuzumab is a monoclonal antibody which has been shown to be an effective agent for relapsingremitting multiple sclerosis. Alemtuzumab's mechanism of action occurs through its binding to CD52 which is a cell surface antigen on T and B lymphocytes. Antibody-dependent cellular cytolysis and complement-mediated lysis then occur after alemtuzumab binding. Delayed onset immune thrombocytopenia purpura has been reported in relapsingremitting multiple sclerosis patients treated with alemtuzumab as well as immediate-post infusion asymptomatic thrombocytopenia. Design/Methods: Case report and review of the literature. Results: Patient is a thirty-five year old Caucasian woman with a past medical history of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis, migraine, seizures and bipolar disorder and a family history of idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura who subsequent to the first infusion of alemtuzumab 12 mg and prior to the second infusion on the following day developed a 1.5 by 1.0 cm purpuric lesion on her right upper lateral thigh and multiple abdominal ecchymoses with purpura with a peripheral blood platelet count of 111 K/mm3, decreased from a baseline level of 145 K/mm3 from a week prior. Alemtuzumab was discontinued. The skin rash improved over one day with the patient reaching a nadir platelet count of 75 K/mm3 on day three. The platelet count then recovered to 155 K/mm3 on day eight. She received the additional four alemtuzumab daily infusions one month later without any further clinical adverse events. Conclusions: This is the first reported case of a relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patient with acute symptomatic thrombocytopenia after one infusion of alemtuzumab 12mg. This case shows that despite experiencing symptomatic thrombocytopenia after one dose of alemtuzumab, a patient may be successfully rechallenged. ER  - 
The predictability of smartphone video in distinguishing epileptic and nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: To assess how good is the home video in distinguishing epileptic seizures from other paroxysmal events by assessing its sensitivity/specificity/positive predictive value(PPV)/negative predictive value(NPV) of events diagnoses based on home video (Video-EEG diagnoses of events as gold standard). Background: Simultaneous Video-EEG recording is the gold standard for distinguishing epileptic seizures from imitators. However, capturing of events during inpatient monitoring is unlikely in patients with infrequent events. We want to assess the usefulness of the home video depiction of events to distinguish epileptic seizures from nonepileptic paroxysmal events (PNEE). Design/Methods: This study was conducted prospectively on adult patients (>18 years of age) with home video recordings of the patients' habitual events of interest at Baylor Epilepsy Clinics or Epilepsy Clinic at Michael E. DeBakey Veterans Affairs Medical Center, whom we had a definitive diagnosis of the same paroxysmal episode from EMU video-EEG recording, after a written consent was received. A blinded experienced observer formulated a diagnostic impression based upon the review of the home video data. Results: 11 paroxysmal events from 11 patients were analyzed, 6 with epileptic seizures and 6 with PNEE. 6/11 were convulsive episodes. The observer formulated a diagnosis correctly in 10 events out of 11 events(missed one PNEE). The sensitivity and specificity of diagnoses of epileptic seizure based on home video were 6/6=1.0 and 5/6=0.83 respectively. The positive predictive value and negative predictive value were 6/7=0.86 and 5/5=1.0 respectively. Conclusions: This study demonstrates that correct diagnosis of either epileptic seizures or PNEE can be made by an experienced observer on the basis of home video. However, there are some limitations: 1. small sample size 2. the initial parts of the most episodes were not recorded 3. this abstract showed results from only one observer. Whether home video recording of events can supplant an EMU admission may need more study. ER  - 
Risk of long-term neuropsychiatric impairment in pediatric anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis$$$ Objective: Characterization of functional outcomes in children with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDAR) encephalitis. Background: Anti-NMDAR encephalitis presents with motor and neuropsychiatric symptoms. There is limited data describing outcomes in pediatric populations. Design/Methods: Retrospective study of patients presenting to Texas Children's Hospital between 2010 and 2016. Results: Nineteen patients were identified. The cohort was predominantly female (74%), Hispanic (68%) or African American (32%), and presented at a mean age of 9.8 years (1.5-17.9 years). 89% presented with neuropsychiatric dysfunction (agitation, confusion, or psychosis). Movement disorders occurred in 12 (63%) and seizures in 11 (58%). All but 1 patient received both corticosteroids and intravenous immunoglobulin; 68% also received rituximab and 26% underwent plasma exchange. Mean duration of hospitalization was 38 days (6-128 days), with 47% requiring inpatient rehabilitation for a mean of 26 days (7-49 days). At discharge, 4 (21%) had complete recovery (normal mental status and neurological examination). The remaining 15 had neuropsychiatric deficits, including cognitive impairment, developmental regression, or mood dysregulation. Six (32%) also had chorea or impaired mobility. After discharge, patients were followed for a mean of 18 months (1-48 months), during which an additional 2 (11%) made full recovery. Three (16%) patients had residual motor symptoms at last follow-up. Eleven (58%) had neuropsychiatric impairments: 4 (21%) had attention deficits requiring stimulant medications, 5 (26%) had mood disorders (1 requiring inpatient psychiatric care), and 5 (26%) had cognitive impairments. Patients with residual cognitive or attention deficits at follow-up had a significantly longer initial hospitalization (mean 56 versus 26 days). Conclusions: A minority of pediatric patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis exhibit complete recovery at initial discharge. While motor symptoms improved during the initial 18 months of follow-up, the majority had residual neuropsychiatric dysfunction. It is unclear whether impairments will dissipate or if dysfunction reflects residual damage that warrants ongoing assessment and need for educational and psychiatric support. ER  - 
Misdiagnosis of CADASIL: A single Medical Center experience$$$ Objective: To describe earliest clinical manifestations, and management of patients with CADASIL evaluated at Loyola University Medical Center, between January 1st, 2006 to September 30th, 2016. Background: Cerebral autosomal dominant arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy (CADASIL), an inherited cerebral small-vessel disease associated with mutations in the NOTCH3 gene on chromosome 19, is often misdiagnosed. Design/Methods: Retrospective review of medical records of 25 patients with CADASIL followed at our stroke clinics. Results: There were 17 women (mean age 50) and 8 men (mean age 51). Earliest clinical manifestations were attacks of migraines with or without aura in 44% of our patients. Approximately half of our patients had either TIAs or subcortical ischemic strokes; none had received intravenous thrombolysis. Epileptic seizures were present in 2 patients. Mood disorders were seen frequently among our patients. Symmetric anterior pole of the temporal lobe involvement on T2-weighted or fluid-attenuated inversion recovery (FLAIR) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was seen in 76% of our patients. On average, our patients had a delay of 10 years from symptom onset until diagnosis of CADASIL. Multiple sclerosis accounted for the most frequent diagnosis (5 of 25), prior to confirmation, either by genetic testing (24 of 25) or skin biopsy (2 of 25; one patient had both studies) positivity for granular osmiophilic material on electron microscopy. One patient was misdiagnosed with herpes encephalitis and another with cerebral amyloid angiopathty. Twenty-three patients (92%) received platelet antiaggregants, none were treated with anticoagulant therapy. Conclusions: CADASIL is the most prevalent monogenic cerebral small-vessel arteriopathy. Despite wide availability of genetic testing, misdiagnosis and delay diagnosis are common. We encourage for enhanced awareness of CADASIL among patients with migraines with aura, recurrent TIAs or subcortical ischemic strokes, and mood disorder, in order to provide appropriate multidisciplinary treatment, psychological support and genetic counseling. ER  - 
Disruptive behavior problems in levetiracetam-treated youth with epilepsy$$$ Objective: To characterize disruptive behavior problems associated with levetiracetam in a large, clinic-referred sample of youth with epilepsy. Background: Levetiracetam (LEV), a second-generation anti-epilepsy drug (AED), has proven efficacy in treating epilepsy in pediatric populations. However, controlled trials reveal “activating” behavioral side effects associated with LEV compared to placebo, including aggression, irritability, and hyperactivity. Design/Methods: Youth with epilepsy who were referred for neuropsychological evaluation of behavioral or learning problems comprised the sample. As part of the test battery, parents and teachers completed a broadband behavior rating scale (BASC-2) that included assessment of externalizing behavior problems. Data were obtained via archival record review. LEV-treated youth and youth treated with other AEDs (no-LEV group) comprised the comparison groups. Incidence of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in both groups also was examined. Data were examined via mixed model approach. Results: Compared to teacher report, parents reported higher levels of hyperactivity (p<.0001) and conduct problems (p<.0001) for youth in the no-LEV group (n=142) compared to LEV-treated youth (n=43). LEV-treated youth were 76% less likely to receive T-scores in the clinically significant range (T>70) on the BASC-2 Externalizing Composite according to both parent and teacher report (odds ratio=0.245, p=0.0272). Youth in the no-LEV group were more likely to receive a diagnosis of ADHD compared to LEV-treated youth (odds ratio=0.241, p=0.0001). Specifically, LEVtreated youth were 75% less likely to receive an ADHD-Combined Type diagnosis (odds ratio=0.249) and 76% less likely to receive an ADHD-Predominantly Inattentive Type diagnosis (odds ratio=0.235) compared to the no-LEV group (p=0.0007). Conclusions: Contrary to published studies, these results suggest that treatment with LEV in youth with epilepsy is not associated with increased disruptive behavior problems compared to other AEDs. As such, disruptive behavior problems in LEV-treated youth most likely do not reflect LEV side effects and evaluation of ADHD should be considered. ER  - 
Extreme delta brush in electroencephalogram may be nonspecific to the anti-NMDAR encephalitis.$$$ Objective: To clarify whether extreme delta brush (EDB) in electroencephalogram (EEG) is specific to a diagnosis of anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDAR) encephalitis. Background: EDB has been reported as a unique EEG pattern observed in up to 30% of patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. To our knowledge, encephalitis negative for anti-NMDAR antibodies with the EDB finding has never been reported. Design/Methods: We reviewed the EEG data of consecutive 26 patients with encephalitis from 2015 to 2016 in a single-center. Anti-NMDAR antibody was tested with cell-based assay. Results: EDB was observed in 3 patients. Anti-NMDAR antibodies were negative in the cerebrospinal fluid of Patient 1 and 2, and for Patient 3 investigation is incomplete. All patients received conventional combination therapy for autoimmune encephalitis: high-dose corticosteroid, intravenous immunoglobulin, plasmapheresis, or intravenous cyclophosphamide (IVCY). They had no tumors including teratoma. Patient 1: A 21-year-old woman presented with fever and generalized tonic-clonic seizure. There were no signs of psychosis or abnormal behavior. The diagnosis was encephalitis with febrile refractory convulsive status epilepticus. IVCY resulted in a slight improvement, but she died of sepsis. Patient 2: A 51-year-old man presented with fever, asymmetric tonic limb posturing and loss of consciousness. First and second EEGs showed slow waves, but his third EEG showed bilateral periodic epileptiform discharges. The diagnosis was non-herpetic encephalitis with sinus arrest and status epilepticus. Corticosteroid and immunoglobulin therapy were ineffective, but he responded to IVCY. After 5 months of treatment he was discharged home and currently he is independent for daily activities. Patient 3: A 10-year-old girl was admitted with a diagnosis of limbic encephalitis due to delusion, abnormal behavior, fever, and involuntary movement. Although corticosteroid and immunoglobulin were ineffective, she responded to IVCY and plasmapheresis. After a month of onset she is improving. Conclusions: EDB may not be as specific to anti-NMDAR encephalitis as reported. ER  - 
Epidemiology of juvenile Huntington's Disease in the United States$$$ Objective: The aim of this study is to describe the demographics of children hospitalized with Huntington's Disease and compare outcomes such as mortality and length of stay to other hospitalized controls. Background: Juvenile Huntington's disease (JHD) typically presents with early cognitive and behavioral changes, parkinsonism, oropharyngeal dysfunction, and seizures. No prior studies have been published evaluating hospitalization outcomes in these patients. Design/Methods: Using administrative data from the Kids' Inpatient Database (KID), a nation-wide all-payer database of administrative data from pediatric hospitalizations, we identified a cohort of patients with JHD and a control group of all other children hospitalized without JHD. Using sampling weights, we performed a serial cross-sectional analysis of KID hospitalizations from 2003-2009 of children aged 5-20 years identified by ICD-9 codes as having Huntington's Disease. We collected demographic information, identified co-morbid diagnoses, and determined discharge disposition. We built logistic regression models to determine the relative odds of death and other discharge dispositions in the JHD population compared a control cohort of children without a diagnosis of JHD. Results: We identified a weighted total of 271 hospitalizations of children with JHD. The most common co-morbid diagnoses were seizure, status epilepticus, and epilepsy. The most common procedure was percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy. Over 1/3 of JHD patients had a diagnosis code for a psychiatric disorder, mainly mood disorder. Length of stay was nearly twice as long as that of controls (7 days vs. 3.75 days, p<0.0002) and they were significantly more likely to die during hospitalization (OR 8.03, p<0.0001). They also had more discharges to another facility (OR 2.93, p<0.0001) or to home health care (OR 4.44, p<0.0001). Conclusions: JHD patients have longer hospitalizations and more complex needs after discharge compared to other hospitalized controls. This study also confirms some of the clinical features of JHD previously described in the literature. ER  - 
The relationship between mood disorder and insomnia depends on race in US veterans with epilepsy$$$ Objective: Few data exist on race, medical/psychiatric comorbidities, and insomnia symptoms in US veterans with epilepsy. Our aims were to examine 1) whether insomnia symptom prevalence was different between Black and white veterans and 2) whether predictors of insomnia symptoms varied by race. Background: Not applicable Design/Methods: This retrospective, cross-sectional study included veterans evaluated in an epilepsy clinic over the course of 1.5 years. Individuals completed standardized assessments for epilepsy and sleep complaints. Insomnia criteria were met by 1) reports of difficulty with sleep initiation, maintenance, or premature awakenings accompanied by daytime impairment or 2) sedative-hypnotic use on most days of the month. Demographics, medical comorbidities, and active medications were determined per electronic medical record review. Hierarchical multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed to determine if race, medical/mental health comorbidities, and the potential interaction of race with each comorbid condition were associated with insomnia. Results: Our sample consisted of 165 veterans (32% Black). The unadjusted prevalence of insomnia was not different between Black and white veterans (42% vs 39%, p=0.68). In adjusted analyses, the association between mood disorders and insomnia varied by race. Depressed white veterans had over 11-times higher predicted odds of insomnia (OR 11.4, p<0.001) than non-depressed white veterans while depressed Black veterans had 4-times higher predicted odds of insomnia (OR 4.1, p=0.08) than non-depressed Black veterans. Although mood disorder diagnosis was associated with insomnia for both racial groups, white veterans had a stronger association between mood disorder diagnosis and insomnia than Black veterans. Conclusions: A mood disorder diagnosis was more strongly associated with insomnia symptoms among white than among Black veterans with epilepsy. Other determinants of insomnia (i.e. psychosocial factors) need to be explored for minority veterans with epilepsy. ER  - 
GRINi polymorphisms do not affect susceptibility or phenotype in NMDA receptor encephalitis$$$ Objective: To determine whether distinct single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within the glutamate receptor ionotropic NMDA 1 gene (GRIN1) are associated with NMDA receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis and whether these same variants are associated with variability in the clinical presentation and course of affected patients. Background: NMDA receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis is a rare, life-threatening autoantibody-mediated neurologic disease characterized by profound changes in personality, psychiatric symptoms, memory loss, seizures, and autonomic dysfunction. Design/Methods: We performed clinical follow-up on 48 patients with NMDAR encephalitis and NMDAR autoantibodies detected in serum or CSF. All RefSeq GRIN1 coding exons were sequenced in 39 Caucasian-European patients, and the frequencies of SNPs were compared with those of an ethnically similar population using a case-control study design. Predetermined clinical variables were compared between patients with and without identified SNPs. Results: Two SNPs were identified in GRIN1: 24 (62%) Caucasian-European patients with NMDAR encephalitis had alternate alleles at both rs6293 (exon 6) and rs1126442 (exon 7; exon numbering according to NM 001185090). The SNPs were in complete linkage disequilibrium. The frequency of these variants did not differ between patients with NMDAR encephalitis and ethnically matched individuals in the general population. No differences in clinical presentation, measures of disease severity, clinical course, or outcomes were observed between patients with different genotypes at these SNPs. Conclusions: Disease susceptibility or course in patients with NMDAR encephalitis was not strongly affected by SNPs in GRIN1. This study provides an estimate of the frequency of SNPs in GRIN1 in patients with NMDAR encephalitis and emphasizes the need for multisite collaborative studies enrolling larger numbers of patients to identify the genetic contributions to NMDAR encephalitis. ER  - 
Tolerability and efficacy of lacosamide monotherapy in patients with newly-diagnosed epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities: Post hoc analysis of a prospective, randomized, double-blind trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the tolerability and efficacy of lacosamide monotherapy in patients with newly-diagnosed epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities. Background: Psychiatric comorbidities are common in patients with epilepsy. Design/Methods: This double-blind non-inferiority trial (SP0993; NCT01243177) enrolled newly-diagnosed patients (>16 years) with >2 focal/generalized tonic-clonic seizures (without clear focal origin) in preceding 12 months (>1, last 3 months). Patients were randomized 1:1 to lacosamide (initiated 100mg/day) or carbamazepine-controlled-release (carbamazepine-CR; initiated 200mg/day), with subsequent dosing based on seizure-control (200/400/600mg/day or 400/800/1200mg/day, respectively). Post hoc analyses were performed for patients with ongoing concomitant psychiatric disorders (MedDRA System Organ Class). Results: 886 patients received trial medication. 126 (14.2%; mean age: 48.0 years; 57.1% female) reported >1 ongoing concomitant psychiatric disorder; most frequently depression (38.1%), insomnia (27.8%), and anxiety (26.2%). In this subgroup, 32/64 (50.0%) lacosamide-treated and 22/62 (35.5%) carbamazepine-CR-treated patients completed the trial. Most common reasons for discontinuation were adverse events (lacosamide 10.9%/carbamazepine-CR 24.2%) and lack of efficacy (18.8%/11.3%). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) occurred in 52 (81.3%) lacosamide-treated and 56 (90.3%) carbamazepine-CR-treated patients, most commonly (>10% patients, either group) dizziness (12.5%/16.1%), headache (12.5%/14.5%), nasopharyngitis (12.5%/9.7%), fatigue (7.8%/14.5%), nausea (7.8%/11.3%), somnolence (1.6%/12.9%), and GGT increase (1.6%/12.9%). Overall, 15 (23.4%) lacosamide-treated and 10 (16.1%) carbamazepine-CR-treated patients reported psychiatric TEAEs (>3 patients, either group: depression [lacosamide 4.7%/carbamazepine-CR 0%]; anxiety [3.1%/6.5%]). No TEAEs of psychotic disorder, epileptic psychosis, or acute psychosis were reported. Kaplan-Meier estimates for proportion of patients' seizure-free for 6 or 12 months at the last evaluated dose were similar with lacosamide and carbamazepine- CR (6-month 81.0%/75.6%; 12-month 62.5%/66.6%, respectively). Overall, a higher proportion of patients on lacosamide vs carbamazepine-CR completed 6-months (67.2%/45.2%) and 12-months (50.0%/37.1%) without seizures at the last evaluated dose. Conclusions: This post hoc analysis indicated that lacosamide monotherapy was efficacious and generally well tolerated in patients with newly-diagnosed epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidities. ER  - 
Perampanel (Fycompa) Use in the Treatment of Pediatric Epilepsy$$$ Objective: Report the effectiveness and tolerability of perampanel in pediatric patients with epilepsy. Background: Perampanel is a novel antiepileptic drug approved as adjunctive therapy for partial and primary generalized seizures in patients 12 years and older. This study aims to assess outcomes of perampanel use in the pediatric population. Design/Methods: Patients included in this single center, retrospective medical chart review were children (<18 years) with epilepsy receiving perampanel between October 2012 and August 2016. Patients with known hypersensitivity to perampanel, severe hepatic or renal impairment, or pregnancy were excluded. Descriptive statistics were used to analyze the effect on seizure burden, and overall safety and tolerability of therapy. Results: Of 14 patients meeting study inclusion criteria 64% (N=9) received perampanel for intractable focal or multifocal epilepsy. The average patient age was 11 (range 4-17 years). Reduction in seizure burden greater than 50% was reported in 43% of patients (N=6). Two of these patients had autoimmune disorders, Hashimoto's Encephalitis and Rasmussen Syndrome, and discontinued therapy due to increased seizure burden secondary to disease progression. A discontinuation due to negative effect on seizure burden occurred in 14% (N=2) of patients. A third patient discontinued therapy without mention of cause, though complaints of depressed mood, anxiety, and decreased energy may have led to preemptive discontinuation. Severe treatment-emergent adverse events occurred in one patient, due to concern for encephalopathy secondary to polytherapy. The most common side effect was fatigue occurring in 21% of patients (N=3). Other reported side effects included cognitive dysfunction (N=1) and aggression (N=1). Conclusions: Overall perampanel was effective in seizure control and well tolerated with minimal treatment related side effects. Further controlled trials are warranted to better understand perampanel in this population. ER  - 
NMDAR encephalitis following post-herpes encephalitis$$$ Objective: To report on 4 patients developing N-methyl-D-Aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis following herpes-simplex-1 encephalitis (HSE) and to review available data about this emerging form of post-infectious syndrome. Background: From 2012 a growing number of cases of NMDAR encephalitis post-HSE have been reported in both adult and pediatric patients. Design/Methods: Retrospective description of 4 diagnosed cases of NMDAR encephalitis. Review of the literature. Results: 4 patients (3 males and 1 female; age range 7-27 years) diagnosed with HSE were treated with acyclovir with improvement of initial symptoms. After 4-6 weeks from HSE onset, they developed relapsing neurological symptoms. Specifically, all presented confusion and psychiatric symptoms (ranging from anxiety to delirium and hallucinations). Only the pediatric case (a 7-year-old girl) developed movement disorders and epileptic manifestations consisting of seizures and non-convulsive status epilepticus. Brain MRI in the adults showed an increase in T2-hyperintense signal and areas of contrast enhancement in temporal regions, and atrophic evolution of the initial lesion in the child. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) showed a marked decrease of leukocytes from first lumbar puncture to the puncture performed after re-admission (from mean of 203 to 18 WBC) and negativity for molecular detection of HSV-1 and other neurotropic viruses. Patient serum and CSF tested positive on cell-based assay for NMDAR abs; the only sample tested for oligoclonal bands was positive. CSF sampled at onset of infectious encephalitis was negative for NMDAR abs in 2/4 patients with available specimens. Patients received intravenous steroids, combined in 3 cases with plasma-exchange. All patients improved after treatment. Conclusions: Our cases confirm data in the literature and highlight that anti-NMDAR abs must be searched for in case of persisting or relapsing neurological symptoms (especially psychiatric manifestations), together with a decrease in cells in CSF and a negative PCR for HSV, in order to treat patients with rapid immune-therapy. ER  - 
Catatonia associated with neurological disorders: A case series$$$ Objective: We report the most common neurologic disorders associated with catatonia due to a general medical condition (CDGMC) at our institution from 2000-2015 including etiology, time to diagnosis, and treatment response. Background: Catatonia is a DSMVdescribed motor and behavioral abnormality characterized as having three out of twelve features including stupor, catalepsy, waxy flexibility, mutism, and others. CDGMC is often underrecognized. Prior publications have reported that encephalitis is the most common etiological diagnosis associated with CDGMC. Effective treatment remains a challenge and includes benzodiazepines, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), NMDA antagonists, and other targeted therapy. Design/Methods: A retrospective analysis of patients admitted to our institution from 2000-2015 with a diagnosis of “catatonia” and inpatient evaluation by neurology and psychiatry. 30 patients were identified as CDGMC with primary neurologic illness. Results: 14 patients were male and 16 were female with ages ranging from 22 to 81 years old with a median age of 62 years old. Neurologic diagnoses included encephalitis (n=6, 20%), neurodegenerative diseases (n=18, 60%), seizure/epilepsy (n=5, 17%), and migraine (n=1, 3%). 22 of the 30 patients were noted as having comorbid psychiatric diagnoses including depression, anxiety, bipolar, and/or schizoaffective disorder. Onset of symptoms to diagnosis ranged from 0 to 3227 days with a median of 8.5 days. Treatment strategies were varied and included 27 patients (90%) treated with benzodiazepines, 22 (73%) with anti-psychotics, 6 (20%) with ECT, and 6 (20%) with NMDA antagonists. 19 patients (63%) had a considerable response to therapy within 30 days. Conclusions: Prior studies have identified encephalitis as the most common etiologic association with CDGMC; however, our institutional experience revealed neurodegenerative disease as the most commonly associated neurologic illness. Additionally, most of these patients were treated with benzodiazepines and anti-psychotics with good response to therapy within 30 days. ER  - 
Psychiatric and behavioral side effects of antiepileptic drugs in adults with epilepsy$$$ Objective: The objective of the study was to compare the PBSE profiles in a large specialty practice-based sample of patients taking both older and newer AEDs. Background: Psychiatric and behavior side effects (PBSEs) are common, undesirable effects associated with AED Design/Methods: As part of the Columbia and Yale AED Database Project, we reviewed patient records including demographics, medical history, AED use, and side effects for 2667 adult patients (age>18 years) newly started on an AED monotherapy regimen. PBSEs were determined by patient or physician report in the medical record, which included depressive mood, psychosis, anxiety, suicidal thoughts, irritability, aggression, and tantrum. Significant non-AED predictors of PBSE rate were first determined from 83 variables using logistic regression. Predictors were then controlled for in the comparison analysis of the rate of PBSEs and intolerable PBSEs (PBSEs that led to dosage reduction or discontinuation) between 18 AEDs. Results: PBSEs occurred in 7.6% of patients and led to intolerability in 5.3% of patients. History of psychiatric condition(s) and intractable epilepsy were associated with increased incidence of PBSE. Levetiracetam (LEV) had the greatest PBSE rate (19.2%). This was statistically significant when compared to the aggregate of the other AEDs (P<0.001, OR=4.74). LEV was also significantly (P<0.001) associated with higher intolerability rate (14.3%, OR=5.02), dose decreased rate (8.7%, OR=5.98), and complete cessation rate (5.5%, OR=3.38), when compared to the aggregate of the other AEDs. Carbamazepine (CBZ) was significantly associated with a decreased PBSE rate (2.0%, OR=0.23) and a decreased intolerability rate (1.4%, OR=0.23) compared to the other AEDs. Lamotrigine and valproate trended towards decreased PBSE rate and intolerability, but were not significant. Conclusions: PBSEs occur more frequently in patients taking LEV than any other AED, and led to higher rates of intolerability. The opposite effects were seen in patients taking CBZ. Our findings may help facilitate the AED selection process. ER  - 
Psychiatric morbidity in the community: A population based-study from Kerala$$$ Background: Estimates of psychiatric morbidity in the community will help service development. Participation of trained nonspecialist health-care providers will facilitate scaling up of services in resource-limited settings. Aims: This study aimed to estimate the prevalence of priority mental health problems in populations served by the District Mental Health Program (DMHP). Settings and Design: This is a population-based cross-sectional survey. Materials and Methods: We did stratified cluster sampling of households in five districts of Kerala. Trained Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) identified people who had symptoms suggestive of schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. Clinicians evaluated the information collected by the ASHAs and designated individuals as probable cases of psychosis or noncases. Screening instruments such as General Health Questionnaire-12, CAGE questionnaire, and Everyday Abilities Scale for India were used for identifying common mental disorders (CMDs), clinically significant alcohol-related problems, and functional impairment. Results: We found 12.43% of the adult population affected by mental health conditions. We found CMD as most common with a prevalence of 9%. The prevalence of psychosis was 0.71%, clinically significant alcohol-related problems was 1.46%, and dementia and other cognitive impairments was 1.26%. We found informant-based case finding to be useful in the identification of psychosis. Conclusions: Mental health problems are common. Nonspecialist health-care providers can be trained to identify psychiatric morbidity in the community. Their participation will help in narrowing the treatment gap. Embedding operational research to DMHP will make scaling up more efficient. ER  - 
Burden of psychiatric morbidity among attendees of a secondary level hospital in Northern India: Implications for integration of mental health care at subdistrict level$$$ Background: There is little information available on the type, pattern, trend, and demographic differentials of psychiatric cases attending a subdistrict level facility in India. Our objectives were to describe the sociodemographic profile of the patients availing the psychiatric outpatient department services and document the diagnosis. Materials and Methods: This study is based on a retrospective analysis of routinely recorded administrative data collected during psychiatry consultations that took place between January 2010 and June 2014, at the subdistrict level hospital, Ballabgarh, Faridabad district, Haryana, Northern India. The data were abstracted in Microsoft Excel, scrutinized for duplicates, and cleaned in terms of the International Classification of Diseases 10th Revision coding. Descriptive analysis was done for dependent variables and continuous variables were compared using independent t-test. Results: A total of 2806 people (new registrations) were provided psychiatric consultations between January 2010 and June 2014. The mean age of males was 33.7 years (95% confidence interval [CI], 32.9, 34.5) and of females was 35.6 years (95% CI, 34.9, 36.3). Neurotic, stress-related, and somatoform disorders (F40-F48) comprised the major category of diagnoses with 661 cases (24%), followed by unspecified mental disorders (F99) with 528 cases (19%), mood (affective) disorders (F30-F39) with 448 cases (16%), and episodic and paroxysmal disorders (G40-G47) with 334 cases (12%). Conclusions: We reported an increase in level and trend in the monthly attendance of patients who required psychiatric at a secondary care hospital in Northern India. We suggest that setting up of mental health units only at district hospital might not be a sufficient health system's approach as has been envisaged under the District Mental Health Program. ER  - 
Brain temporal complexity in explaining the therapeutic and cognitive effects of seizure therapy$$$ Over 350 million people worldwide suffer from depression, a third of whom are medication-resistant. Seizure therapy remains the most effective treatment in depression, even when many treatments fail. The utility of seizure therapy is limited due to its cognitive side effects and stigma. The biological targets of seizure therapy remain unknown, hindering design of new treatments with comparable efficacy. Seizures impact the brains temporal dynamicity observed through electroencephalography. This dynamicity reflects richness of information processing across distributed brain networks subserving affective and cognitive processes. We investigated the hypothesis that seizure therapy impacts mood (depressive symptoms) and cognition by modulating brain temporal dynamicity. We obtained resting-state electroencephalography from 34 patients (age = 46.0 ± 14.0, 21 females) receiving two types of seizure treatments - electroconvulsive therapy or magnetic seizure therapy. We used multi-scale entropy to quantify the complexity of the brain's temporal dynamics before and after seizure therapy. We discovered that reduction of complexity in fine timescales underlined successful therapeutic response to both seizure treatments. Greater reduction in complexity of fine timescales in parieto-occipital and central brain regions was significantly linked with greater improvement in depressive symptoms. Greater increase in complexity of coarse timescales was associated with greater decline in cognition including the autobiographical memory. These findings were region and timescale specific. That is, change in complexity in occipital regions (e.g. O2 electrode or right occipital pole) at fine timescales was only associated with change in depressive symptoms, and not change in cognition, and change in complexity in parieto-central regions (e.g. Pz electrode or intra and transparietal sulcus) at coarser timescale was only associated with change in cognition, and not depressive symptoms. Finally, region and timescale specific changes in complexity classified both antidepressant and cognitive response to seizure therapy with good (80%) and excellent (95%) accuracy, respectively. In this study, we discovered a novel biological target of seizure therapy: complexity of the brain resting state dynamics. Region and timescale dependent changes in complexity of the brain resting state dynamics is a novel mechanistic marker of response to seizure therapy that explains both the antidepressant response and cognitive changes associated with this treatment. This marker has tremendous potential to guide design of the new generation of antidepressant treatments. ER  - 
Exposure to biologic therapy and childhood development among offspring of women with inflammatory bowel disease: Results from the PIANO registry$$$ Introduction: Biologic therapy can cross the placenta and be present in infants for over 9 months. We aim to determine the effects of maternal inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) and therapy on childhood development and achievement of milestones. Methods: In a multicenter prospective cohort of pregnant women with IBD, we collected mothers' medication exposure, IBD activity, and complications throughout pregnancy, and maternal and infant outcomes for 4 years after delivery. Patients were compared by exposure to drugs taken during pregnancy: immunomodulator (Group A), biologic (Group B), and combination therapy (Group AB) versus unexposed to Group A and B drugs (Control). Mothers measured infant developmental milestones at months 4, 9 and 12 using the Denver II Developmental Screening Test and at years 1, 2, 3 and 4 using the Ages and Stages Questionnaire (ASQ). Results: As of November 1, 2016, 1284 women completed pregnancy with live births: 232 in Group A, 525 in Group B, 171 in Group AB and 356 in Controls. Compared to controls, infants in Group A, B, and AB had equivalent or better achievement of developmental milestones at months 4, 9 and 12, and they had statistically equivalent achievement of nearly all communication, gross/fine motor, problem solving, and personal/social skill milestones at years 1, 2, 3 and 4. Table 1 lists milestones in which exposed and unexposed infants had different outcomes. Notably, infants in Group B had statistically better achievement of milestones across all ASQ domains at all time points when compared to published population means. Overall, the incidence of at least one low scoring domain on the ASQ at any time point was rare in our infants (19, 36, and 14 in Groups A, B, and AB over 4 years, respectively) and drug exposure was not associated with low score. At year one, the incidence of at least one low scoring domain on the ASQ was similar between Control infants (7.9%), Group A (5.4%, p=0.47), Group B (7.6%, p=1.0), and Group AB (8.6%, p=1.0). On multivariable analysis adjusting for maternal age, preterm birth, socioeconomic status, breastfeeding, and post-partum disease activity, there remained no association between developmental delay and exposure to immunomodulators (OR 0.36, 95%CI 0.09-1.43), biologics (OR 0.40, 95%CI 0.15-1.07), or combination therapy (OR 0.65, 95%CI 0.19-2.16). Neuropsychiatric disease and developmental disability were rare in our cohort (0.9% seizures, 0.1% autism, 0.2% ADHD). Conclusions: Infants with in utero exposure to immunomodulator and/or biologic therapy did not exhibit developmental delay compared to unexposed infants. Developmental scores were similar between exposed and unexposed infants, with exposed infants scoring higher in some categories. Compared to the general population, infants exposed to biologics had consistently better achievement of developmental milestones. TABLE 1. Significant Differences in Developmental Milestones by Drug Exposure. (Table presented). ER  - 
Obesogenic drugs and their effects on post-laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy outcomes$$$ Background: Laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG) is considered an effective, low-risk surgical treatment option for obesity. Nevertheless, there is great variance in weight loss after the procedure. Many medications used to treat routine medical problems are obesogenic (e.g. amitriptyline, gabapentin, propranolol, etc.). Our aim is to determine whether obesogenic drugs negatively affect weight loss outcomes post-LSG. Methods: This is a retrospective study of 323 patients within UCSD Healthcare System that underwent LSG between March 2007-March 2016. We identified a list of 43 drugs classified as obesogenic by The Endocrine Society (Apovian et al., 2015). Patients were divided into two groups based on their prescription drug regimens. Patients prescribed obesogenic medications for periods of at least 3 months within one-year post-LSG were added to our “meds group” whereas patients without any obesogenic medications on their prescription drug regimens were added to our “control group.” We recorded patient weight before surgery and at 3, 6, 9, and 12 months post-LSG and calculated percent excess weight loss (%EWL) for these time points. We collected information on comorbidities and demographics as well as prescription drug regimens at each time point. T-tests were used to compare the %EWL of each group at the time points of interest and results were confirmed with a multivariable regression to identify potential confounders. Results: A total of 177 patients (55%) were on prescribed obesogenic medications during the one-year post-LSG timeframe. By 12 months post-LSG we had weight data on 84 patients from our meds group and 61 patients from our control group. Patients prescribed obesogenic medications at any time within one year post-LSG had less weight loss compared to patients who were never prescribed obesogenic medications post-LSG (%EWL 57.3 ± 2.38 n = 84, 65.6 ± 3.34 n = 61, respectively, p = 0.015; Figure 1). This difference in %EWL between the two groups could not be attributed to differences in age, gender, or the following co-morbidities: depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, seizures/epilepsy, insulin resistance, diabetes, dyslipidemia, or hypertension. Secondary analysis was done to assess weight loss outcomes of specific subsets of patients within our meds group. Of note, patients who were on obesogenic medications during the entire year post-LSG had even less weight loss (%EWL 55.5 ± 2.59 n = 72, p = 0.01) when compared to patients on no obesogenic medications. Patients who were on obesogenic antipsychotics were most resistant to weight loss post-LSG (%EWL 42.1 n=7, p=0.02). Patients who were on obesogenic anticonvulsants (n=24) had an average%EWL of 51.5% compared to patients without obesogenic medications (p=0.03). Conclusions: The use of obesogenic medications may negatively impact weight loss outcomes post-LSG. ER  - 
Psychiatric disorders in children with chiari malformation type i: Prevalence and risk factors$$$ Introduction: This cross-sectional study investigates prevalence and risks of psychiatric illnesses in a large cohort of children with Chiari malformation type 1 (CM1). To our knowledge, no study of this size has been previously undertaken. Methods: Children with CM1 between the ages of 6 and 17 years were identified after receiving the diagnosis of CM1 during a neurosurgery clinic visit. Eighty-six participants were recruited between 2010-2016 [Age M = 11 years, 3 months (SD = 3 years, 5 months); 44 males, 42 females]. Parents of participants completed a pediatric medical history questionnaire and a semi-structured interview regarding the child's psychiatric, developmental, medical history, and family characteristics. A review of medical records was completed to complement interview data. Results: Results revealed elevated rates of psychiatric conditions, including attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (22.1%), anxiety (12.8%) and depression (10.5%) when compared to the general population (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, 3.4%; anxiety, 6.5%; depression, 2.6%). A two-step binary logistic regression analysis revealed that having problems during pregnancy (Wald = 6.98, p = 0.01) increased your risk of psychiatric disorder 9-fold. Being born premature (Wald = 6.90, p = 0.01) or having seizures (Wald = 3.72, p = 0.05) also significantly predicted psychiatric history among participants. Conclusion: The current findings suggest a high prevalence of psychiatric illness in children with CM1. Pregnancy complications were associated with a high risk of a psychiatric diagnosis. CNS vulnerabilities during pregnancy may explain this relationship. Seizures and prematurity only slightly improved the prediction model. ER  - 
The unnoticed interictal disphoric disorder$$$ Introduction Psychiatric morbidity in refractory epilepsy is frequent and has a negative influence on quality of life. Treatmentrefractory epileptic patients are at higher risk of developing psychiatric disturbances. The interictal dysphoric disorder (IDD) has been described as a pleomorphic pattern of symptoms claimed to be typical of patients with epilepsy. It is characterized by 3/8 symptoms: depressive mood, anergia, pain, insomnia, fear, anxiety, irritability, and euphoric mood. Objectives To provide evidence that psychiatric morbidity is high in refractory epilepsy and to describe associations to IDD. Aims The present study aims to show that there are typical psychiatric conditions in epilepsy that can be unnoticed. Methods We cross-sectional analyzed the psychopathologic outcomes of patients with refractory epilepsy. The assessments methods included SCID for DSM-IV and clinical interview for epileptic specific psychiatric conditions. Results The sample consists of 153 patients, with a mean age of 37. A total of 42.5% were males. One or more Axis I diagnoses was seen in 38% of the patients. The most common condition was IDD (27.1%), followed by affective and anxiety disorders (22 and 15.3% respectively). Considering patients with IDD, we found differences in locus (P = 0.001) (present in 34.3% of non-stablished locus, 8.6% of extra-temporal locus and 57.1% of temporal locus) but not with hemisphere, sex, type of crises, treatment. We neither found correlation with age, number of crisis or number of treatments. Conclusions Psychiatric co-morbidities as IDD do not appear in the DSM-IV but are prevalent and could be related with temporal locus. ER  - 
Prevalence of psychiatric comorbidities in epilepsy$$$ Introduction Epilepsy is a chronic disease defined as a brain disorder, characterized by a predisposition to present seizures, generating cognitive, psychological, and social consequences. Objective To determine the prevalence of psychiatric comorbid disorders in patients with epilepsy (PWEs) and its associated factors. Methods We conducted a cross-sectional study involving 30 PWEs who were treated in the neurology Department of Habib Bourguiba Hospital in Sfax, Tunisia.Weused the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview for the diagnosis of Axis I psychiatric disorders. Results The half of patients had psychiatric comorbidities: 4 had major depressive disorder (MDD), 2 had MDD with generalized anxiety disorder, 4 had MDD with social phobia, 1 had bipolar disorder type I, 1 had panic disorder, 1 had agoraphobia and 2 had generalized anxiety disorder. Twenty-fivePWEshad seizure-onset below 30 years old and among them, 40% had psychiatric comorbidities. Among patients who had seizure-onset above 30 years old, none had psychiatric comorbidities. Psychiatric comorbidities were found in 71.5% of patients with seizure frequency >2 per year. Psychiatric comorbidities were more common in patients with generalized seizures compared to whomwith partial seizures (53% versus 45%). It was also more common in patients treated with polytherapy compared to whom with monotherapy (64% versus 37.5%). Conclusion The prevalence of psychiatric comorbidities is relatively high among PWEs. The most frequent diagnoses found were mood and anxiety disorders. It is very important to identify them and treat them to enhance seizure control. ER  - 
Description of the prevalence of psychiatric disturbances in patients with refractory epilepsy$$$ Introduction Psychiatric morbidity in epilepsy is high, with prevalence rates of up to 50%, being higher in treatment-refractory cases. This co-morbidity worsen the quality of life. Psychiatric comorbidities are hampered by atypical presentations or disorders, which do not appear in the DSM-IV or ICD. Objectives To describe the psychiatric morbidity in a group of patients with refractory-epilepsy. Aims To provide evidence of the high morbidity and show the prevalence of the different psychiatric disorders. Methods We cross-sectional assessed psychiatric disturbances in resistant-epileptic patients using SCID for DSM-IV and clinical interview for epileptic specific psychiatric conditions. We grouped psychiatric disturbances into six clusters: - affective disorders; - anxiety disorders; - psychotic disorders; - eating disorders; - conduct disorder; - substance use disorder. We also considered epilepsy specific conditions as Interictal Psychotic Disorder (IPI) and Interictal Dysphoric Disorder (IDD) characterized by 3/8 symptoms: depressive mood, anergia, pain, insomnia, fear, anxiety, irritability, and euphoric mood. Results The sample consist on 153 patients, with a mean age of 37. In total, 42.5% were males. One or more axis I diagnoses was seen in 38% of the patients. The most common condition was IDD (27.1%), followed by affective disorders (22%), anxiety disorders (15.3%), psychotic disorders (4%) and drug use (2%). There were no patients with eating or conduct disorders or IPI. Conclusions Psychiatric morbidity is frequent in resistantepilepsy. Despite 38% of patients suffered from at least one axis I diagnoses, IDD was the most prevalent condition and not included in SCID interview. ER  - 
Treatment of ADHD with cannabinoids$$$ Introduction Adults with ADHD describe self-medicating with cannabis, with some reporting a preference for cannabis overADHD medications. Objectives The experimental medicine in ADHD-cannabinoids study was a pilot randomised placebo-controlled experimental study of a cannabinoid medication, Sativex oromucosal spray, in 30 adults with ADHD. Methods The primary outcome was cognitive performance and activity level using QbTest. Secondary outcomes included ADHD and emotional lability (EL) symptoms. Results Thirty participants were randomly assigned to the active (n = 15) or placebo (n = 15) group. For the primary outcome, no significant difference was found in the ITT analysis although the overall pattern of scores was such that the active group usually had scores that were better than the placebo group (Est = -0.17, 95%CI- 0.40 to 0.07, P = 0.16, n = 15/11 active/placebo). For secondary outcomes, Sativex was associated with non-significant improvements in hyperactivity/impulsivity (P = 0.03), a cognitive measure of inhibition (P = 0.05), inattention (P = 0.10) and emotional lability. Per-protocol effects were higher. Conclusion Results did not meet significance following adjustment for multiple testing. One serious (muscular seizures/spasms) and three mild adverse events occurred in the active group and one serious (cardiovascular problems) adverse event in the placebo group. Adults with ADHD may represent a subgroup of individuals who experience a reduction of symptoms and no cognitive impairments following cannabinoid use. This provides some preliminary evidence in support of the self-medication theory of cannabis use in ADHD. A larger trial is warranted. ER  - 
Social cognition in neuropsychiatric populations: a comparison of theory of mind in schizophrenia and mesial temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Social cognition deficits are observed both in patients with schizophrenia (SCZ) and in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE). This may be due to dysfunction of the amygdala network, which is a common feature of both diseases. In this study, SCZ (n = 48) or MTLE (n = 31) and healthy controls (HC, n = 47) completed assessments of mentalising (Reading Mind in the Eyes Test, RMET) and basic cognitive processing, e.g., working memory, executive functions and psychomotor speed (Trail-Making Test B and Digit Symbol). SCZ were also assessed with the Positive And Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS). We found that the RMET scores of the two clinical groups were similar (p > 0.05) and lower than in the HCs (SCZ: p < 0.05; MTLE: p < 0.001). In the next step, SCZ were split into two groups with respect to the level of symptoms. Analysis of the RMET scores revealed no differences between the HC (M = 25.7 ± 4.1) and POS-LO (M = 25.3 ± 4.8); both groups outperformed the POS-HI group (M = 21.3 ± 5.2) and the MTLE group (M = 20.8 ± 4.6). No differences were found for the median-split with regard to negative symptoms. In SCZ, the mind-reading deficit appears to be associated with the level of positive symptoms. Both POS-HI and MTLE patients present significant mentalising deficits compared to healthy controls. ER  - 
Mindfulness-based interventions in epilepsy: A systematic review$$$ Background: Mindfulness based interventions (MBIs) are increasingly used to help patients cope with physical and mental long-term conditions (LTCs). Epilepsy is associated with a range of mental and physical comorbidities that have a detrimental effect on quality of life (QOL), but it is not clear whether MBIs can help. We systematically reviewed the literature to determine the effectiveness of MBIs in people with epilepsy. Methods: Medline, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, EMBASE, CINAHL, Allied and Complimentary Medicine Database, and PsychInfo were searched in March 2016. These databases were searched using a combination of subject headings where available and keywords in the title and abstracts. We also searched the reference lists of related reviews. Study quality was assessed using the Cochrane Collaboration risk of bias tool. Results: Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 231 participants were included. The interventions were tested in the USA (n = 171) and China (Hong Kong) (n = 60). Significant improvements were reported in depression symptoms, quality of life, anxiety, and depression knowledge and skills. Two of the included studies were assessed as being at unclear/high risk of bias - with randomisation and allocation procedures, as well as adverse events and reasons for drop-outs poorly reported. There was no reporting on intervention costs/benefits or how they affected health service utilisation. Conclusion: This systematic review found limited evidence for the effectiveness of MBIs in epilepsy, however preliminary evidence suggests it may lead to some improvement in anxiety, depression and quality of life. Further trials with larger sample sizes, active control groups and longer follow-ups are needed before the evidence for MBIs in epilepsy can be conclusively determined. ER  - 
Phase III randomized study of 4 weeks of high-dose interferon-α-2b in stage T2bNO, T3a-bNO, T4a-bNO, and T1-4N1a-2a (microscopic) melanoma: A trial of the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group-American College of Radiology Imaging Network Cancer Research Group (E1697)$$$ Purpose: To test the efficacy of 4 weeks of intravenous (IV) induction with high-dose interferon (IFN) as part of the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group regimen compared with observation (OBS) in patients with surgically resected intermediate-risk melanoma. Patients and Methods: In this intergroup international trial, eligible patients had surgically resected cutaneous melanoma in the following categories: (1) T2bN0, (2) T3a-bN0, (3) T4a-bN0, and (4) T1-4N1a-2a (microscopic). Patients were randomly assigned to receive IFN α-2b at 20 MU/m2/d IV for 5 days (Monday to Friday) every week for 4 weeks (IFN) or OBS. Stratification factors were pathologic lymph node status, lymph node staging procedure, Breslow depth, ulceration of the primary lesion, and disease stage. The primary end point was relapse-free survival. Secondary end points included overall survival, toxicity, and quality of life. Results: A total of 1,150 patients were randomly assigned. At a median follow-up of 7 years, the 5-year relapse-free survival rate was 0.70 (95% CI, 0.66 to 0.74) for OBS and 0.70, (95% CI, 0.66 to 0.74) for IFN (P = .964). The 5-year overall survival rate was 0.83 (95% CI, 0.79 to 0.86) for OBS and 0.83 (95% CI, 0.80 to 0.86) for IFN (P = .558). Treatment-related grade 3 and higher toxicity was 4.6% versus 57.9% for OBS and IFN, respectively (P < .001). Quality of life was worse for the treated group. Conclusion: Four weeks of IV induction as part of the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group high-dose IFN regimen is not better than OBS alone for patients with intermediate-risk melanoma as defined in this trial. ER  - 
Long-term comparative pharmacovigilance of orally transmitted Chagas disease: first report$$$ Background: Two old drugs are the only choice against Trypanosoma cruzi and little is known about their secondary effects in the acute stage of oral-transmitted Chagas disease (ChD). Methods: A cross-sectional analytical surveillance study was conducted in a sizable cohort of patients seen during the largest acute foodborne ChD microepidemic registered so far. Individuals were treated with benznidazole (BNZ) or nifurtimox (NFX). ‘Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events’ was assessed to categorize side effects according to severity. Results: Out of 176 treatments applied, 79% had one or more adverse effects, which predominated in adults (97.8%) as compared to children (75.5%). Risk of side effects with NFX was significantly higher than BNZ. Four adults and a child treated with NFX had severe side effects (pulmonary infarction, facial paralysis, neutropenia, blurred vision, bone marrow hypoplasia) warranting hospitalization, and drug suspension. Adverse effects frequently reported with NFX were abdominal pain, hyporexia, weight loss, headache, nausea and lymphocytosis, whereas skin rash, neurosensory effects, hyporexia, fatigue, pyrosis, abdominal pain and eosinophilia were observed with BNZ. Conclusions: Frequency and severity of side effects during treatment of acute oral infection by T. cruzi demand direct supervision and close follow-up, even in those asymptomatic, to prevent life-threatening situations. ER  - 
Drug taper during long-term video-EEG monitoring: efficiency and safety$$$ Objectives: Anti-epileptic drugs (AED) are often tapered to reduce the time needed to record a sufficient number of seizure during long-term video-EEG monitoring (LTM). Fast AED reduction is considered less safe, but few studies have examined this. Our goal is to examine whether the rate of AED reduction affects efficiency and safety. Materials & methods: We performed a retrospective observational study of patients referred for presurgical evaluation. Each patient was categorized by two dichotomous parameters of AED tapering: (i) fast vs slow AED reduction the first 24 h of LTM and (ii) complete vs partial AED discontinuation during LTM. Results: Of 79 patients, 51% underwent a fast AED reduction and 58% ended up with AEDs completely discontinued. Complete AED discontinuation was associated with three times increased likelihood of receiving rescue therapy during LTM and double risk of having secondary generalized tonic–clonic seizures (sGTCS) compared to the group partially discontinued. Fast vs slow AED reduction had no effect on the safety of LTM. The fast AED reduction group and the complete AED discontinuation group had a significantly longer time to first seizure and total recording time compared to the slow AED reduction and partial discontinuation groups, respectively. Conclusions: Fast AED reduction was found safe in patients undergoing presurgical video-EEG monitoring. Patients completely discontinued from AEDs had more sGTCS than patients partially discontinued. Further studies are suggested to confirm this finding and to evaluate whether fast reduction is safe and efficient in other subgroups of patients referred for LTM. ER  - 
The effects of risk factors on EEG and seizure in children with ADHD$$$ Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most commonly seen developmental disorders in childhood. Its etiology, however, is not well known even though bio-psycho-social reasons have been thought to play a big role. The aims of this retrospective study are to identify the risk factors of ADHD in patients diagnosed with ADHD in childhood, analyze the relationship between clinical symptoms and risk factors to which they were exposed and determine their effects on prospective electrophysiological findings. Longitudinal cohort study of all children with ADHD treated at Ankara University Medical University during 2007–2012, with follow-up to ascertain risk factors and seizure and EEG abnormalities outcome. Multinominal univariate logistic regression analysis was used to calculate adjusted risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for associations. Epileptiform discharges were found in 32 (22.9%) of the 140 ADHD patients. Of these, 71.9% had focal epileptiform discharges and 28.1% had generalized epileptiform discharges. The focal epileptiform discharges were most prevalent from the rolandic area. Among the 140 patients, 20 (14.3%) had a previous history of seizure, and all twenty had epileptiform discharges on EEG whereas none of the patients who had normal EEG had a seizure history. The rates of epileptiform discharges were significantly related to gestational age and asphyxia (RR: 1.8, 95% CI 0.3, 9.3; RR: 9.6, 95% CI 2.3, 40, respectively), whereas the rates of epilepsy were related to asphyxia but not gestational age. History of asphyxia and prematurity do seem to increase the risk of EEG abnormality in patients with ADHD. Modification of these environmental risk factors by evidence-based prevention programs may help to decrease the burden of ADHD. ER  - 
Topiramate in childhood epileptic encephalopathy with continuous spike-waves during sleep: A retrospective study of 21 cases$$$ Objective Encephalopathy with continuous spike-wave during sleep (CSWS) is a particularly difficult-to-treat childhood epileptic syndrome. This study sought to present the EEG improvement and clinical efficacy of topiramate (TPM), a broad spectrum antiepileptic drug (AED), in a series of 21 children with CSWS encephalopathy. Methods We retrospectively reviewed the EEG results and clinical data of children with CSWS followed-up in our institution and treated with TPM. Sleep EEGs were performed 0–3 months prior to TPM introduction and then at 3 and 12 months. The exclusion criteria were (1) introduction of another AED and (2) withdrawal of a potentially aggravating AED during the first 3 months of treatment. In addition to spike index (SI), the severity of EEG abnormalities was rated using an original scale that also considered the spatial extent of interictal epileptiform discharges. Results 21 patients were included (18 males, 4-14y, three symptomatic cases). At 3 months, sleep EEG was improved in 14 and normalized in four (TPM doses: 2–5.5 mg/kg/day). Among these 18 patients, 16 manifested cognitive or behavioural improvement. In a subgroup of seven patients with frequent seizures, five became seizure-free and one had over 75% decrease in seizure frequency. At the one-year follow-up, 20 children were still on TPM and 10 exhibited persistent EEG improvement without any other AED being introduced, most of them with clinical benefits. Conclusion TPM can decrease EEG abnormalities in epileptic encephalopathy with CSWS, achieving clinical improvement in the majority of patients. However, relapse may occur in the long-term in nearly half of cases. Otherwise, TPM has proven particularly useful in reducing seizure frequency in refractory cases. ER  - 
Continuous Infusion Antiepileptic Medications for Refractory Status Epilepticus: A Review for Nurses$$$ Status epilepticus requires treatment with emergent initial therapy with a benzodiazepine and urgent control therapy with an additional antiepileptic drug (AED) to terminate clinical and/or electrographic seizure activity. However, nearly one-third of patients will prove refractory to the aforementioned therapies and are prone to a higher degree of neuronal injury, resistance to pharmacotherapy, and death. Current guidelines for refractory status epilepticus (RSE) recommend initiating a continuous intravenous (CIV) anesthetic over bolus dosing with a different AED. Continuous intravenous agents most commonly used for this indication include midazolam, propofol, and pentobarbital, but ketamine is an alternative option. Comparative studies illustrating the optimal agent are lacking, and selection is often based on adverse effect profiles and patient-specific factors. In addition, dosing and titration are largely based on small studies and expert opinion with continuous electroencephalogram monitoring used to guide intensity and duration of treatment. Nonetheless, the doses required to halt seizure activity are likely to produce profound adverse effects that clinicians should anticipate and combat. The purpose of this review was to summarize the available RSE literature focusing on CIV midazolam, pentobarbital, propofol, and ketamine, and to serve as a primer for nurses providing care to these patients. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and risk of suicide attempts: a case–control study exploring the impact of underlying medical conditions$$$ Purpose: Randomized-controlled trials and claims databases suggest that antiepileptic drug (AED) use may increase the risk of suicide attempts (SA). The present case–control study explores the impact of underlying indications on this potential association. Methods: Physicians collected the medical history; prior 12-month drug use was obtained from standardized telephone interviews with patients. The association between AED use and SA was explored using multivariate conditional logistic regression. The analyses were replicated after stratification on depression and neurological disorders (epilepsy, migraine, and chronic neuropathic pain). Results: Between 2008 and 2012, 506 adults with an incident SA were recruited in suicide treatment centers from across France and socio-demographically matched to 2829 controls from primary care settings. The association between AED use and odds of SA was not significant overall (odds ratio [OR], 1.5; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.9–2.4). No association was observed for patients with neurological disorders (OR, 1.1; 95%CI, 0.5–2.4) as opposed to patients with depression (OR, 1.6; 95%CI, 1.0–2.5), but unmeasured confounding was suspected. Conclusions: Our results suggest that the association observed between AED use and increased odds of non-fatal SA in patients with either a lifetime history of depression or no neurological disorder may be explained by the presence of an underlying psychiatric disorder. Accounting for underlying indications is crucial in drug safety studies, as these can cause a reported association (or lack thereof) to be misleading. This may require the prospective collection of medical data at a patient level. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Ultra-short screening instruments for major depressive episode and generalized anxiety disorder in epilepsy: The NDDIE-2 and the GAD-SI$$$ Background Systematic screening is recommended for major depressive episode (MDE) with the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy NDDI-E, 6 items and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) with the GAD 7 items in patients with epilepsy (PWE). Shorter versions of the NDDI-E and the GAD-7 could facilitate increased screening by busy clinicians and be more accessible to patients with mild cognitive and/or language impairments. Methods The effectiveness of ultra-short versions of the NDDI-E (2 items) and the GAD-7 (the GAD-2, 2 items, and the GAD-SI with a single item) in comparison with the original versions were statistically tested using ROC analysis. Results ROC analysis of the NDDIE-2 showed an AUC of 0.926 (p<0.001), a sensitivity of 81.82% and a specificity of 89.16%, without significant difference with the NDDI-E (z=1.582, p=0.11). ROC analysis of the GAD-SI showed an AUC of 0.872 (p<0.001), a sensitivity of 83.67% and a specificity of 82.29%, without significant difference with the GAD-7 (z=1.281, p=0.2). The GAD-2 showed poorer psychometric properties. Limitations The limitation is the use of data from previously reported subjects in a single language version, the NDDIE-2 that lacks detection of dysphoric symptoms in comparison with the NDDIE-6 and the GAD-SI that exhibited a more than 10% lower sensitivity than the GAD-7. Conclusions This study highlights the potential utility of the NDDIE-2 and the GAD-SI as ultra-short screening tools for MDE and GAD respectively in PWE. Further studies in a larger population, including multi-lingual versions, could be a valuable next step. However, the brevity and simplicity of this tool could be an advantage in PWE who present cognitive difficulties, especially attentional or language deficits. ER  - 
Prevalence and Risk Factors for Delirium in Acute Stroke Patients. A Retrospective 5-Years Clinical Series$$$ Background Delirium is characterized by disturbances of attention and cognition that cause functional decline and complications. The predisposing factors of delirium are age, male gender, systemic or metabolic disorders, dementia, and stroke. This study aims to evaluate the prevalence of delirium and to identify risk factors. Methods This is a retrospective study that includes patients admitted over 5 years with acute stroke. Patients with transient ischemic attack or venous thrombosis were excluded. Delirium was defined according the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition. Demographical characteristics, clinical–radiological profile, dependence on discharge (modified Rankin Scale score of ≥3 and Barthel Index < 65%), and mortality during hospitalization were compared between patients with and without delirium. Results A total of 1161 patients were admitted (910 ischemic and 162 hemorrhagic). During hospitalization, 118 patients presented with delirium (10.2%) and 93 died (8%). On discharge, 517 patients were dependent (44.5%). Delirium was significantly associated with age, male gender, cortical infarcts in anterior circulation, higher leukocyte count, cholesterol and fibrinogen levels, lower albumin, atrial fibrillation, previous diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease, and hemorrhagic stroke. Logistic regression results showed that only previous Alzheimer's disease was related to delirium (odds ratio 21.68 [95% confidence interval 1.190-395.026, P = .038]). Dependence on discharge was associated with delirium. Conclusions Ten percent of the patients presented with delirium associated with older age, Alzheimer's disease, and cortical anterior stroke. Patients with delirium had a higher risk of functional dependence on discharge. ER  - 
Oral cannabidiol does not produce a signal for abuse liability in frequent marijuana smokers$$$ Background Cannabidiol (CBD) is a naturally occurring constituent of the marijuana plant. In the past few years, there has been great interest in the therapeutic effects of isolated CBD and it is currently being explored for numerous disease conditions (e.g., pain, epilepsy, cancer, various drug dependencies). However, CBD remains a Schedule I drug on the U.S. Controlled Substances Act (CSA). Despite its status, there are no well-controlled data available regarding its abuse liability. Methods Healthy, frequent marijuana users (n = 31) were enrolled in this within subject, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multisite study that administered oral cannabidiol (0, 200, 400, 800 mg) alone and in combination with smoked marijuana (0.01%, 5.3–5.8% THC). Participants received one dose combination across 8 once-weekly outpatient sessions (7.5 h). The primary findings on the drug interaction effects were previously reported (Haney et al., 2016). The present study is a secondary analysis of the data to examine the abuse liability profile of oral cannabidiol (200, 400, 800 mg) in comparison to oral placebo and active smoked marijuana (5.3–5.8% THC). Results Active marijuana reliably produced abuse-related subjective effects (e.g., high) (p < 0.05). However, CBD was placebo-like on all measures collected (p > 0.05). Conclusions Overall, CBD did not display any signals of abuse liability at the doses tested and these data may help inform U.S. regulatory decisions regarding CBD schedule on the CSA. ER  - 
Effects of surgical side and site on psychological symptoms following epilepsy surgery in adults$$$ This retrospective study examined the potential role of side and site of surgery in psychological symptom change after epilepsy surgery and determined the base rate of psychological change at the individual level. Two-hundred twenty-eight adults completed the Personality Assessment Inventory (PAI) before and after temporal (TLR; n = 190) or frontal lobe resection (FLR; n = 38). Repeated measures ANOVAs with bootstrapping examined differences in psychological outcome as a function of surgical site separately in patients who underwent left- versus right-sided resections. Individual's PAI score changes were then used to determine the prevalence of clinically meaningful postoperative symptom change. Following left-sided resections, there were significant group-by-time interactions on Somatic Complaints, Anxiety, and Anxiety Related Disorders. There was also a trend in this direction on the Depression scale. TLR patients endorsed greater preoperative symptoms than FLR patients on all of these scales, except the Somatic Complaints scale. After surgery, TLR patients reported symptom improvement on all four scales, while scores of FLR patients remained relatively stable over time. Endorsement of Mania-related symptoms increased in both TLR and FLR groups from pre-to post-surgical testing. Following right-sided resections, both groups endorsed symptom improvements on Somatic Complaints, Anxiety, and Depression scales following surgery. In addition, the TLR group endorsed more Mania-related symptoms than the FLR group regardless of time. Patterns of meaningful change in individual patients were generally consistent with group findings, with the most frequent improvements observed following TLR. However, there were a small subset of patients who reported symptom exacerbation after surgery. Our results suggest that surgical lateralization and localization are important factors in postoperative psychological outcome and highlight the importance of considering psychological change at the individual patient level. Further research is needed to identify potential risk factors for symptom exacerbation to aid in preoperative counseling and identify those patients most in need of postoperative psychological surveillance. ER  - 
The relationship of seizure focus with depression, anxiety, and health-related quality of life in children and adolescents with epilepsy$$$ For youth with epilepsy, comorbid psychiatric conditions, such as depression and anxiety, require further examination as they carry increased risk for reduced health-related quality of life (HRQOL). The current study assessed whether rates of depression, anxiety, and withdrawal behaviors differed based on seizure location. Data included parental ratings on the Behavior Assessment System for Children (BASC-2) and the Quality of Life in Childhood Epilepsy (QOLCE) questionnaire for 132 children and adolescents (mean age = 11.34, SD = 3.95) with generalized or partial (i.e., frontal [FLE] or temporal lobe epilepsy [TLE]) epilepsy. Our results identified clinically significant internalizing psychopathology in nearly half of our sample (41%). Although rates of internalizing behavior were similar between generalized and partial groups, children and adolescents with TLE demonstrated higher rates of depression compared to youth with FLE. No effects of laterality on internalizing behaviors were identified between TLE and FLE groups. Finally, for youth with TLE, parental depression ratings along with current number of antiepileptic medications (AEDs) were found to be significant barriers to HRQOL above and beyond anxiety, withdrawal, and epilepsy-specific variables. Temporal lobe epilepsy was associated with a two-fold risk of clinically significant depression ratings. These findings highlight the high prevalence of internalizing psychopathology features in pediatric epilepsy and offer further support for the relationship between depression and TLE in children and adolescents with epilepsy. ER  - 
Effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy in patients with treatment resistant schizophrenia: A retrospective study$$$ This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) among patients with treatment resistant schizophrenia (TRS). Records of patients who had received ECT were reviewed to identify patients with TRS who were administered ECT in combination with clozapine. Socio-demographic, clinical data and ECT details were extracted. The most common diagnosis was of paranoid schizophrenia (49%) followed by undifferentiated schizophrenia (36%). A-fifth (22%) of the patients were judged to have poor response to clozapine. The mean number of ECTs given were 13.97 (SD-7.67) and mean clozapine dose was 287.5 mgs/day (SD-100.1). About two-thirds (63%) of the patients showed >30% reduction in scores on different symptom-rating scales with combined use of clozapine and ECT. Among clozapine non-responders, approximately 69% responded to the combination. Post-ECT rise in blood pressure was the most common side effect (16.9%) followed by prolonged seizures (7%). Long-term follow-up data was available for 47 out of the 59 patients. More than two-third (N=34; 72%) followed-up for an average of 30 months (SD 32.3; range: 1–120), maintained well with continued clozapine treatment. To conclude, results of this study further endorse the effectiveness, safety and long-term benefits of the clozapine-ECT combination in TRS and clozapine-refractory schizophrenia. ER  - 
Long-term lacosamide retention—Real-world experience at a tertiary epilepsy center in Ireland$$$ Purpose To estimate the rate of long-term lacosamide retention among a real-world group of patients at a tertiary epilepsy center in Ireland. Methods One-hundred adults first prescribed lacosamide for epilepsy between January 2010 and August 2014 at Cork University Hospital were randomly selected for a retrospective analysis of medical records covering two years of subsequent epilepsy clinic follow-up to ascertain whether lacosamide was continued or withdrawn. Results Of 100 patients, (51 males, mean age 40.8 years, 94 with drug-resistant epilepsy, 76 with focal epilepsy, 25 with intellectual disabilities, 34 with mental health disorders, and 42 with medical comorbidities), lacosamide was prescribed as an adjunct in 85. Lacosamide retention at 12 and 24 months was 76% and 71%, respectively. Twenty-five patients stopped lacosamide due to ineffective seizure control. Adverse-effects were responsible for lacosamide discontinuation in three patients and one patient stopped lacosamide pre-pregnancy. Conclusion The relatively high retention rate at two years suggests that lacosamide is generally well tolerated among people with a range of different epilepsy subtypes, intellectual disabilities, medical comorbidities, and mental health disorders, and can aid seizure control in adult patients with a range of difficult-to-treat epilepsies. ER  - 
Increased hair cortisol and antecedent somatic complaints in children with a first epileptic seizure$$$ Objective Stress is the most frequent seizure-precipitating factor reported by patients with epilepsy, while stressful life events may increase seizure susceptibility in humans. In this study, we investigated the relations between both biological and behavioral measures of stress in children with a first epileptic seizure (hereafter called seizure). We hypothesized that hair cortisol, a biomarker of chronic stress reflecting approximately 3 months of preceding exposure, might be increased in children with a first seizure. We also employed standardized questionnaires to examine presence of stress-related behavioral markers. Methods This was a cross-sectional clinical study investigating stress-related parameters in children with a first seizure (First Epileptic Seizure Group (FESG), n = 22) in comparison to healthy children without seizures (Control Group, n = 29). Within 24 h after a first seizure, hair samples were collected from children for the determination of cortisol. In parallel, perceived stress and anxiety and depressive symptoms were examined with appropriate self- and parent-completed questionnaires, and history of stressful life events during the past year was recorded. Emotional and behavioral problems were also assessed by parent-reported validated and widely-used questionnaires. Results Higher hair cortisol measurements were observed in the FESG than control children (7.5 versus 5.0 pg/mg respectively, p = 0.001). The former were more likely to complain of somatic problems than the latter (59.8 vs. 55.4 according to DSM-oriented Scale, p = 0.021); however, there were no differences in perceived stress and anxiety or depressive symptoms between the two groups. Using ROC analysis of hair cortisol measurements for predicting disease status, the maximum sensitivity and specificity were observed for a cut-off point of 5.25 pg/mg. Significance Increased hair cortisol indicates chronic hyperactivity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis prior to the first seizure. This might have contributed to the epileptogenesis process and may help explain the higher incidence of antecedent somatic complaints in the first seizure group. ER  - 
Predictors of health-related quality of life in patients with epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are associated with reduced health-related quality of life (HRQoL). The present study investigated the profile, relationship, and predictive power of illness perceptions, psychological distress (depression and anxiety), seizure activity, and demographic factors on HRQoL in these patient groups. Patients with epilepsy (n = 62) and PNES (n = 45) were recruited from a United Kingdom hospital and from membership-led organizations for individuals living with seizures. Patients completed a series of self-report questionnaires assessing: anxiety (GAD-7), depression (NDDI-E), illness perceptions (B-IPQ), HRQoL (NEWQOL-6D), and seizure frequency and severity (LSSS-3). Correlational and hierarchical multiple regression analyses were conducted. Patients with epilepsy reported higher HRQoL and scored lower on measures of depression and anxiety. Patients with PNES perceived their condition as more threatening overall. In both conditions, HRQoL was negatively correlated with more severe illness perceptions and psychological distress. In epilepsy and PNES, psychological distress (epilepsy: 27%; PNES: 24.8%) and illness perceptions (epilepsy: 23.1%; PNES: 23.3%) accounted for the largest amount of variance in HRQoL. Clinical factors were found not to be significant predictors, while demographic factors predicted HRQoL in epilepsy (12.6%), but not in PNES. Our findings support the notion that psychological factors are a stronger predictor of HRQoL in epilepsy and PNES than condition-related and demographic variables. Prior research suggests that anxiety and depression are key predictors of HRQoL; this study demonstrates that the relationship between illness perceptions and HRQoL is similarly close. These findings highlight the importance of addressing patients' beliefs about their condition. ER  - 
Neurological diseases and bullous pemphigoid: A case-control study in Iranian patients$$$ Introduction: Neurological diseases are important co-morbidities found in association with bullous pemphigoid. Various neurological conditions (stroke, Parkinson's disease, dementia, epilepsy and multiple sclerosis) have been reported as associations of this bullous disease; whether these are significant has not been definitely proved. However, the presence of neurological conditions is a predictor of poorer prognosis. Objectives: Our aim was to examine the association of bullous pemphigoid and neurological diseases in Iranian bullous pemphigoid patients. Methods: The medical records of one hundred and sixty consecutive bullous pemphigoid patients who presented to the Autoimmune Bullous Diseases Research Center, Tehran, Iran, from 2006 to 2011 were examined for evidence of any neurological disease. The control group comprised of 317 age- and sex-matched subjects. Results: Neurological diseases were seen in 42 (26.4%) patients with bullous pemphigoid and in 29 (9.1%) controls (odds ratio: 3.53 (2.1-5.9), P< 0.001). Comparing cases to controls, stroke was seen in 17.5% versus 4.1%, odds ratio 4.96 (2.49-9.88); dementia in 5.6% versus 1.9%, odds ratio 3.09 (1.08-8.84); Parkinson's disease in 2.5% versus 2.2%, odds ratio 1.14 (0.33-3.94); epilepsy in 2.5% versus 0.6%, odds ratio 4.04 (0.73-22.3); and multiple sclerosis in 0 versus 0.3% odds ratio 1.00 (0.98-1.01). Limitations: The main limitations of our study were referral bias, retrospective design and a rather low sample size. Conclusions: Neurological diseases in general, and stroke and dementia in particular, were significantly associated with bullous pemphigoid in our study. ER  - 
Neurology Health Advocacy Curriculum: Needs Assessment, Curricular Content and Underlying Components$$$ Background: Lack of a health advocacy curriculum and clarity are obstacles for effectively teaching neurology health advocacy (NHA) to neurology residents. Our purpose is to assess the need and develop content for a NHA curriculum and to describe its underlying components. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study with two steps. In step one, neurologists and neurology residents at University of Calgary were surveyed about their perception of teaching NHA and asked to rank 56 neurological diseases on a Likert scale based on how well they lend themselves to teaching health advocacy. In step two, curricular items were developed for the top five neurological diseases, using a modified Delphi procedure. The reliability of the survey instrument was determined by Cronbach's alpha. Exploratory factor analysis was used to identify the underlying components of NHA. Results: Forty-six neurologists and 14 neurology residents were surveyed, with a response rate of 88.33%. Fifty-six percent of neurologists and 85% of residents believe that NHA curriculum is needed. The top five neurological presentations, that lend themselves easily to teaching NHA were: stroke/transient ischemic attacks, alcoholism, epilepsy, Alzheimer's disease, and multiple sclerosis. The survey instrument reliability was 0.97. Exploratory factor analysis revealed four factors that can explain the variability in the survey instrument: multidisciplinary approach to neurological disorders, prevention of recurrence of neurological disease, collaboration with other medical subspecialties, and communication with professions outside the medical field. Conclusion: Neurologists' and residents' responses support that NHA curriculum is needed. Four components of NHA were identified that can be used for teaching NHA as well as health advocacy in general practice. ER  - 
Magnetic seizure therapy compared to ECT in major depressive disorder: A medication-free clinical controlled trial$$$ Objective: The aims of this study were to 1) Evaluate the feasibility and safety of magnetic seizure therapy (MST) in treating major depressive disorder (MDD) in the Egyptian population. 2) compare the efficacy of MST in MDD to that of ECT; 3) compare the cognitive adverse effects of MST to that of ECT. Methods: After IRB approval and informed consent, patients indicated for ECT from 18-65 years of age and who were not on antidepressant treatment for 6 weeks were assigned to 2 groups to be treated with either MST or ECT. After anaesthesia and muscle relaxation patient received either RULor BL ECT with Thymatron IV (Somatics, Venice, FL, USA) and pulse width of 0.5msec, or HD-MST with Magstim Theta device(Wales, UK) at the Psychiatry, Neurology and Neurosurgery Center, Tanta University, Egypt. The MST stimulation was at100%ofdevice output, frequency 100Hz, andtraindurationof10secondsat vertex placement. Treatments were applied twice a week. Efficacy was primarily assessed by Hamilton Depression Scale-21 (HAM-D-21) and cognitive side effects were assessed by Time to Reorientation (TRO) and a neuropsychological battery (pre-post course). Brain SPECT was done for 10 patients pre-post MST course to explore biological changes associated with MST. Results: Sixty depressed patients with MDD (DSM-IV) were enrolled in this study (thirty males and thirty females). There was no difference in depression improvement between MST and ECT group. In addition, MST had significantly less cognitive adverse effects and much faster TRO of 1.8min (SD=0.36) compared to ECT. SPECT generally showed Improvements of areas of hypoperfusion seen before MST course. Conclusion: MST was feasible and safe in this population. It was also efficacious in treating MDD with less cognitive adverse effects than ECT. Larger studies are needed to replicate these findings before adoption in clinical care. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation therapy for chronic medical disorders$$$ Introduction: In 1985, Jacob Zbara patented an invention for a surgically implanted, programmable device that would deliver intermittent or “on demand” electrical stimulation to cranial nerve X to generate interference with abnormal neural discharge patterns or cancel neural signals associated with seizures. Cyberonics' VNS device received regulatory approval for seizure disorders in Europe (1994) and USA (1997); US-FDA approved it for adjunctive treatment of medication-resistant depression in 2005. VNS has also been investigated as potential therapy for a broad array of chronic medical conditions including cardiac disease, obesity, headache, inflammation, asthma, pain, multiple sclerosis, and dementia. Recent work has examined noninvasive modalities for VNS, resulting in regulatory approval in some countries of external/transcutaneous VNS medical devices or direct-to-consumer devices to promote general wellness. Methods: Review results from randomized clinical controlled trials to highlight the strength of scientific evidence supporting VNS for treating different disorders. Review proposed mechanisms of action and data demonstrating biological correlates of VNS. Contrast safety/efficacy data from newer studies of noninvasive VNS with data from implanted VNS devices. Results/Discussion: There is good evidence of VNS efficacy for reducing seizure frequency and improving mood in epilepsy patients. Evidence for VNS to treat major depressive episodes is generally positive but not based on randomized controlled trials. VNS data for other conditions remains preliminary, though demonstration of down-regulation of inflammatory cytokine release and modulation of autonomic function highlights considerable therapeutic potential. Across different target diseases and device types, optimal stimulation parameters are not known. Studies using transcutaneous VNS have generated promising preliminary results with outcomes comparable to those from implanted VNS systems. Devices that non-invasively stimulate the vagus nerve have facilitated research examining acute and chronic effects in a variety of populations; ongoing and future work will likely determine the role of VNS in routine patient care. ER  - 
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) side effect characterization for treatment resistant depression: Non-inferiority rTMS trial$$$ rTMS is a non-invasive neurostimulation treatment used for Treatment Resistant Depression (TRD). Conventional 10 Hz treatment (HFL) is the standard treatment, however a newer intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) has shown promisse in terms of efficacy. This pilot study aims at comparing tolerability and safety profile of HFL vs. iTBS. We provide an in depth characterization of the time course of the side effect profiles of both interventions. 20 TRD patients received 20-30 treatment sessions and were randomly selected to receive either treatment course. Detailed information was obtained re hours of sleep, alcohol/substance use, and medications. Side effects and adverse events were systematically inquired about both with free recall as well as prompting questions for pain, tingling, burning, fatigue, nervousness, headache, disturbed visual perception/ sleep/ concentration, visual flash. This was completed immediately post-treatment and before the next treatment to gauge delayed phenomena. No patients dropped out of the study. Common side effects include headache( 5.2%) and fatigue(0.74%) with majority reporting mild severity. Of 20 participants,12 reported at least 1 incidence of headache, fatigue(3), or sleep issues(3). Only 2.4% of treatments required an analgesic for headache. Side effects were reported more frequently within the first 10 treatments with a steady decrease over time. Most side effects reported were self-limited and lasted < 24hrs. Both treatment conditions have similar side effect and AE reporting trajectories with HFL treatment associated with slightly higher rates of concentration, fatigue, and nervousness. No treatment-related serious AE or seizure was reported during either treatment. One patient completed suicide while going through the course of rTMS HFL tended to be associated to higher rates of concentration disturbance, fatigue and nervousness compared to iTBS. Both treatments were tolerated well and no drop-outs due to side effects occurred in either treatment modality. ER  - 
A proof of concept clinical trial of feasibility course of low amplitude seizure therapy (LAP-ST) in man: Less cognitive side effects with retention of efficacy$$$ Background: Contemporary electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) practice uses high fixed pulse amplitude of 0.8-0.9A. Recent evidence from animal and computer modeling studies indicate that lower current amplitude induces a more focal electric field. Our group have shown preliminary data on low pulse amplitude seizure therapy course in humans (Youssef, Sidhom 2014, 2015). The objectives of this study are to: 1) Examine the feasibility of LAPST course (primary outcome); and 2) if LAP-ST course is associated with less cognitive side effects. We hypothesized that LAP-ST will be feasible and safe, and associated with less cognitive side effects than standard ECT while retaining efficacy. Methods: After IRB approval and consent, patients with primary mood or psychotic disorders who were clinically indicated to undergo ECT at Behman Hospital (Cairo, Egypt) were enrolled in an open-label proof of concept trial of LAP-ST course under standard anesthesia and muscle relaxation. Results: Twenty two patients underwent index course of LAP-ST. All patients seized. LAP-ST ECT was feasible and safe for patient undergoing a full course of ECT. We also found that LAP-ST patients had significantly less cognitive adverse effects (measured by time to reorientation, a predictor of memory deficits and Mini Mental State Examination) as compared to conventional unilateral and bilateral ECT studies in the literature. Moreover, LAP-ST retained efficacy of ECT compared to historical controls for both Depression (measured by MASRS) and Psychosis (measured by BPRS). Conclusions: This first human proof of concept study of a full course of focal LAP-ST demonstrates that seizure induction is feasible. The results, although preliminary, suggest that the LAP-ST, compared to the standard ECT techniques, may result in less cognitive side effects, but with comparable efficacy. Larger studies are need to replicate these findings. ER  - 
Amygdala DBS for PTSD: 2 years of observations on the first case$$$ Introduction: To our knowledge, our first patient remains the only individual treated with bilateral basolateral amygdala nucleus DBS for (treatment- refractory combat) PTSD. We previously shared results from the first four months of stimulation at the 1st IBSC Singapore, 2015. Methods: After an initial 2 months (still blinded) sham vs active stimulation, stimulation adjustments have been made according to PTSD symptoms and adverse effects for 2 years. We now describe further changes in clinical psychiatric symptoms and functioning; electro-diagnostic findings and neuropsychological findings; and 18 FDG PET comparing a resting state scan to a scan during exposure to trauma reminders-conducted pre-enrollment, and repeated after a year of continuous stimulation. Results already reported in the literature (Langevin, Koek et al Biol Psychiatry 2016 May 15;79(10):e82-4; Langevin, Chen et al, Brain Sci. 2016 Aug 10;6(3). pii: E28.) will be elaborated upon. Results: 48% reduction in the primary outcome measure, the total clinician- administered PTSD scale (CAPS), from baseline of 119 to 62 after 15 months; over a year of essentially complete suppression of previously nightly, severe combat nightmares; clinical deterioration, requiring hospitalization for suicidality at 17 months; no seizures kindled from 2 years of electrical stimulation of bilateral amygdala; no psychiatric or neuropsychiatric adverse effects attributable to stimulation changes. Discussion: Factors indirectly related to the therapy, including substantial improvements in intrusive and hyperarousal symptoms without direct effects on avoidance or co-morbid OCD symptoms may have played a role in transient deterioration. We highlight the value of psychotherapy as an intrinsic component of DBS treatment. The interplay of DBS effects and complex clinical phenomenology, along with pharmacologic and psychosocial factors in this case provide valuable insights for other researchers working in psychiatric DBS, and other areas of brain stimulation. ER  - 
Clinically-relevant outcomes of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) in unipolar major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) is a noninvasive brain stimulation method approved by the FDA as a therapy for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder. The aim of the current study was to evaluate the clinically-relevant outcomes of daily DTMS treatment in unipolar major depression using a systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: Following a systematic literature search of PsycInfo and Medline (any date till 24.06.2016), k=9 studies (k=8 open-label and k=1 doubleblind randomised controlled trial, RCT, with an inactive sham group) were included in the current study. The outcomes were standardised change scores (Hedges' g) in depression severity on Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), response, remission, and dropout rates, and several cognitive functions after daily DTMS compared to baseline. Effect sizes were pooled according to a random-effects meta-analysis with inverse-variance weights. Results: The nine studies included n=229 patients with treatment-resistant unipolar major depression (according to DSM-IV) at baseline (n=128 in open-label studies and n=101 in RCT/active DTMS group only). DTMS was administered with H1-coil as a high-frequency (18-20 Hz) and high intensity (120% of the resting motor threshold) stimulation with 33,600- 60,000 stimuli over 20 daily sessions. DTMS significantly reduced depression severity in k=8 open-label studies (Hedges' g=1.74, 95% CI: 1.35-2.13). The pooled response, remission, and dropout rates were 56%, 30%, and 21% respectively in k=8 open-label studies, and 38%, 33%, and 8% respectively in the RCT (active DTMS group only). Of the 44 dropouts, two patients reported suicidal ideation and two patients experienced a seizure. Visuospatial memory improved significantly after DTMS relative to baseline in two out of three open-label studies with cognitive data. Discussion: High-frequency DTMS appears to improve clinical symptoms and some cognitive functions in treatment-resistant unipolar major depression. Future head-to-head studies are required to compare the clinical efficacy of DTMS with other brain stimulation methods. ER  - 
Number of pulses or number of sessions? trajectories of improvement for once-daily vs. twice-daily dorsomedial prefrontal rTMS in major depression$$$ Introduction: •Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) shows efficacy in major depressive disorder (MDD), but requires 20-30 daily visits for maximal effect. •Recent studies suggest that multiple daily rTMS sessions may accelerate outcomes; alternative proposals suggest that outcomes track the aggregate number of pulses rather than sessions. •This naturalistic, retrospective case series compared outcome trajectories for MDD patients receiving 6000 total pulses/day of either once-daily 10 Hz or twice-daily 20 Hz DMPFC-rTMS Methods: •A retrospective chart review examined clinical outcomes for MDD patients who received a 20-30 session course of 6000 pulses/day of bilateral DMPFC-rTMS, 5 days/week, with the pulses fractionated into either single daily 10 Hz sessions (n=65) or two daily 20 Hz sessions with a 1-hour interval (n=65). Results: •Demographic characteristics of conventional rTMS and accelerated rTMS patients did not differ significantly prior to treatment. No seizure activity or other serious adverse events were observed in either group. Regarding final outcomes, dichotomous outcomes did not differ significantly between groups (Response/remission rates for BDI-II: Conventional, 35.38%/ 18.46%; Accelerated, 41.53%/35.38%). On continuous outcomes, there were no significant differences between groups in pre-treatment or posttreatment scores, or percent improvement on the BDI-II, or in the distribution of outcomes between groups. •Mixed-effects modelling revealed significantly faster improvement rates (group x time interaction) in the twice-daily vs. once-daily group, despite both groups receiving the same number of pulses overall. Improvement trajectories were similar in both groups when plotted against number of sessions, but divergent when plotted against number of pulses. Twice-daily treatment achieved ∼2-fold acceleration of effect over once-daily treatment. Discussion: •These preliminary results encouragingly suggest that accelerated rTMS may be feasible, tolerable, and capable of achieving comparable results to conventional rTMS, while also increasing the rapidity of the rate of improvement. •Future randomized controlled studies comparing once-daily to twicedaily rTMS may be warranted. (Figure Presented) . ER  - 
A longitudinal observational study on the patterns of comorbid clinical conditions in patients with and patients without Type 2 diabetes$$$ Aims: With an ageing population and the complexity of diabetes, there is a need to investigate the patterns of co-existing clinical conditions. This study aimed to examine these patterns of multimorbidity in patients with Type 2 diabetes and patients without diabetes. Methods: Data from the UK Clinical Practice Research Datalink linked to patient-level hospitalisation and social deprivation records were used. Using incidence density sampling, patients with Type 2 diabetes were matched on age, gender and general practice to up to five people without diabetes. Annual overall, age and gender-specific prevalence rates of 18 physical and mental comorbidities were determined in diabetes cases and matched controls, between January 2004 and December 2014. These comorbidities were asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), hypothyroidism, osteoarthritis, chronic kidney disease (CKD), schizophrenia, anxiety, depression, epilepsy, eight cardiovascular conditions and cancer. Results: We identified 108,588 Type 2 diabetes cases and 528,667 matched controls without diabetes. Patients with diabetes were more likely to have all examined comorbidities than patients without diabetes throughout the 11 year study period. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease in diabetes patients was double that in matched control patients. Hypertension and hyperlipidaemia were the most common co-existing conditions. The prevalence rates of comorbidities increased with increasing age at diagnosis of diabetes and were overall higher in women than in men. Conclusions: Comorbidities were more prevalent in patients with Type 2 diabetes when compared with patients without diabetes. The findings add new evidence on the prevalence of comorbidities in Type 2 diabetes over the last decade using real-world electronic health records. ER  - 
Diagnostic clusters associated with an early onset schizophrenia diagnosis among children and adolescents$$$ Objective: Given the greater severity and chronicity of psychiatric disorders that first declare in individuals under the age of 18, early onset schizophrenia (EOS) and its association with co-occurring psychiatric conditions deserve further investigation. Methods: Cluster and discriminant analyses were used to examine the heterogeneity of children and adolescents diagnosed with schizophrenia in 1 statewide system of care. A retrospective cohort design was employed, using South Carolina's (USA) Medicaid claims dataset covering outpatient and inpatient medical services between January, 1999 and December, 2013 to identify patients ≤17 years of age. Results: Among the 613 EOS patients selected, 3 main clusters of ICD-9 psychiatric diagnoses were identified: (1) older children with schizophrenia coaggregated with a spectrum of mood/emotional dysregulation conditions; (2) younger children with coaggregated schizophrenia, mental retardation/intellectual disability or autism spectrum disorders; and (3) older children with schizophrenia and significantly fewer diagnosed co-occurring conditions. Externalizing/disruptive behavior disorders (i.e., attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, conduct disorder, and oppositional defiant disorder) were significantly associated with Clusters 1 and 2. Conclusion: Symptom patterns plus age of first diagnosis are important differentiators of EOS subgroups in this cohort. Earlier recognition of psychiatric symptom/syndrome patterns that frequently co-occur may enable clinicians to stratify/tailor treatment interventions. ER  - 
Pregnancies in Women Aged 45 Years and Older - a 10-Year Retrospective Analysis in Berlin$$$ Introduction Improved fertility treatment options and a change in the socio-cultural concept of family planning, especially in industrialized regions, has led to an increasing number of births by women of advanced maternal age, which is associated with a higher rate of complications. The aim of this study was to analyze pregnancy outcomes in women aged ≥ 45 years in an inner-city German hospital and to compare these results to those of a younger cohort. Materials and Methods Over a 10-year period from January 2004 to May 2015, the pregnancy outcomes of all 186 women aged ≥ 45 years who delivered in our hospital were compared in a 1:1 ratio to those of a cohort of 29-year old women. Results The rates of assisted reproduction (34 vs. 3 ), multiple pregnancies (16 vs. 5 ) and cesarean section (59 vs. 29 ) were significantly increased in the study group. There was an increased risk of preterm delivery (28 vs. 11 ), preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and premature rupture of membranes in the advanced maternal age group. Conclusion Advanced maternal age leads to higher rates of fetal and maternal complications. These findings should be taken into account when planning assisted reproduction and obstetrical care in women with advanced maternal age. ER  - 
Abnormal brain connectivity spectrum disorders following thimerosal administration: A prospective longitudinal case–control assessment of medical records in the vaccine safety datalink$$$ Background: Autism spectrum disorder (ASD), tic disorder (TD), and hyperkinetic syndrome of childhood (attention deficit disorder [ADD]/attention deficit hyperactivity disorder [ADHD]) are disorders recently defined as abnormal connectivity spectrum disorders (ACSDs) because they show a similar pattern of abnormal brain connectivity. This study examines whether these disorders are associated with exposure to thimerosal, a mercury (Hg)-based preservative. Methods: A hypothesis testing case-control study evaluated the Vaccine Safety Datalink for the potential dose-dependent odds ratios (ORs) for diagnoses of ASD, TD, and ADD/ADHD compared to controls, following exposure to Hg from thimerosalcontaining Haemophilus influenzae type b vaccines administrated within the first 15 months of life. Febrile seizures, cerebral degeneration, and unspecified disorders of metabolism, which are not biologically plausibly linked to thimerosal, were examined as control outcomes. Results: On a per 25 μg Hg basis, cases diagnosed with ASD (OR = 1.493), TD (OR = 1.428), or ADD/ADHD (OR = 1.503) were significantly (P <.001) more likely than controls to have received increased Hg exposure. Similar relationships were observed when separated by gender. Cases diagnosed with control outcomes were no more likely than controls to have received increased Hg exposure. Conclusion: The results suggest that Hg exposure from thimerosal is significantly associated with the ACSDs of ASD, TD, and ADD/ADHD. ER  - 
Thiamine supplementation in septic shock patients with alcohol use disorders$$$ Introduction We hypothesize that (1) septic patients with alcohol-use disorders (AUDs) do not consistently receive thiamine as part of their treatment regimen, and that (2) those not receiving thiamine have increased mortality compared to those receiving thiamine. Previous studies have shown AUDs to be associated with increased sepsis-related mortality although the mechanism through which AUDs contribute to worse outcomes has not been fully elucidated. Thiamine (vitamin B1) deficiency is a common sequela of AUDs and may contribute to impaired mitochondrial aerobic respiration leading to refractory acidosis/death if untreated. Methods We performed at retrospective analysis of all patients presenting with septic shock between 2008 and 2014 at a single tertiary care center. Patients were identified based on (1) receipt of antibiotics, (2) use of vasopressors, (3) lactate levels > 4 mmol/L, and (4) an AUD diagnosis based on ICD-9 codes. We excluded patients with seizures during the hospital stay and those with non-index events. Descriptive statistics were used to calculate the proportion of septic patients with AUDs receiving thiamine, and mortality between groups were compared using Fisher's Exact. Results: We included a total of 88 patients. The median age was 57 (quartiles: 49, 64), and 67% were male. 59/88 (67%) of all patients received thiamine and overall mortality was 43/88 (49%). In those receiving thiamine, 24/59 (41%) died, compared to 19/29 (66%) of those not receiving thiamine, p = 0.03. Conclusions In this study, we found that a considerable proportion of patients with AUDs admitted for septic shock did not receive thiamine. Thiamine administration in patients with AUDs and septic shock was associated with decreased mortality. We suspect that failure to administer thiamine in this patient population is related to a shift in clinician focus towards the septic insult and away from the AUD history, although further studies are needed to better understand this phenomenon. ER  - 
Burden of epilepsy in the medicare population$$$ BACKGROUND: One out of every three epilepsy patients have been shown to have uncontrolled seizures and may incur significant health care costs. Recent demographic trends in epilepsy also suggest that patients aged ≥ 60 represent the fastest growing segment, which may potentially impose a disproportionate economic burden on Medicare. However, the economic burden of epilepsy among Medicare beneficiaries is currently not fully known. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the prevalence of epilepsy, and to assess clinical and economic burden of epilepsy among Medicare beneficiaries. METHODS: The Medicare 5% sample claims data from 2013-2014 were used for this retrospective study. Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries having > 1 month of eligibility in 2014 (index year) and 12 months of eligibility in 2013, and continuously enrolled in Part A and B were included. Identification of epilepsy required > 1 claim with an epilepsy diagnosis (ICD-9: 345.00-345.51, 345.70-345.91) or > 2 claims at least 30 days apart with a primary or secondary convulsion diagnosis (ICD-9: 780.33 or 780.39) during 2014. Comorbid conditions, annual inpatient admission rate, 30-day readmission rate, and per-patient-per-month (PPPM) costs were compared between the epilepsy and non-epilepsy populations; CMS Hierarchical Condition Category (CMS-HCC) scoring was used to compare cost on a risk adjusted basis at the population level. Differences between epilepsy vs. non-epilepsy groups were evaluated using T-tests. RESULTS: From a total of 1,435,275 eligible Medicare beneficiaries, 37,418 patients with epilepsy were identified (prevalence: 2.6%). Patients with epilepsy were younger (63.3 vs. 71.8 years) with a higher proportion of males (47.5% vs. 44.6%), compared to non-epilepsy patients. The epilepsy population had a higher prevalence of schizophrenia/bipolar/major depressive disorder (23.3% vs. 8.0%), cognitive impairment (28.0% vs. 9.8%), cerebrovascular disease (36.7% vs. 14.0%), and falls and fractures (28.2% vs. 13.5%). The annual allcause, medical and psychiatric inpatient admission rates were 3.3, 3.6, and 6.7 times higher, respectively, among epilepsy vs. non-epilepsy patients. Thirty-day readmission rates were higher among epilepsy patients (31.4% vs. 19.4%). The incremental risk adjusted cost of epilepsy was $909 PPPM. All comparisons P < 0.001. CONCLUSIONS: In this retrospective claims analysis of Medicare beneficiaries, patients with epilepsy had a higher burden of medical and psychiatric comorbidities, inpatient admissions, readmissions, and costs, compared with beneficiaries without epilepsy. ER  - 
Burnout, career satisfaction, and well-being among US neurologists in 2016$$$ Objective: To study prevalence of and factors that contribute to burnout, career satisfaction, and well-being in US neurologists. Methods: A total of 4,127 US American Academy of Neurology member neurologists who had finished training were surveyed using validated measures of burnout, career satisfaction, and well-being from January 19 to March 21, 2016. Results: Response rate was 40.5% (1,671 of 4,127). Average age of participants was 51 years, with 65.3% male and nearly equal representation across US geographic regions. Approximately 60% of respondents had at least one symptom of burnout. Hours worked/week, nights on call/week, number of outpatients seen/week, and amount of clerical work were associated with greater burnout risk. Effective support staff, job autonomy, meaningful work, age, and subspecializing in epilepsy were associated with lower risk. Academic practice (AP) neurologists had a lower burnout rate and higher rates of career satisfaction and quality of life than clinical practice (CP) neurologists. Some factors contributing to burnout were shared between AP and CP, but some risks were unique to practice setting. Factors independently associated with profession satisfaction included meaningfulness of work, job autonomy, effectiveness of support staff, age, practicing sleep medicine (inverse relationship), and percent time in clinical practice (inverse relationship). Burnout was strongly associated with decreased career satisfaction. Conclusions: Burnout is common in all neurology practice settings and subspecialties. The largest driver of career satisfaction is the meaning neurologists find in their work. The results from this survey will inform approaches needed to reduce burnout and promote career satisfaction and well-being in US neurologists. ER  - 
Red flags: Clinical signs for identifying autoimmune encephalitis in psychiatric patients$$$ Autoimmune mechanisms causing diverse psychiatric symptoms are increasingly recognized and brought about a paradigm shift in neuropsychiatry. Identification of underlying antibodies against neuronal ion channels or receptors led to the speculation that a number of patients go misdiagnosed with a primary psychiatric disease. However, there is no clear consensus which clinical signs in psychiatric patients should prompt further investigations including measurement of anti-neuronal autoantibodies. We therefore aimed to analyze the presenting symptoms in patients with autoimmune encephalitis and the time between symptom onset and initiation of antibody diagnostics. For this, we recruited 100 patients from the Charité Center for Autoimmune Encephalitis between May and October 2016, including all types of autoimmune encephalitides. Psychiatric abnormalities were the most common clinical symptoms and were the presenting sign in 60%. One-third of patients were initially hospitalized in a psychiatric ward. All patients positive for antibodies against the N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor showed behavioral changes, hallucinations, memory deficits, catatonia, or delusions. Patients positive for antibodies against other cell surface or intracellular antigens were often hospitalized with a psychosomatic diagnosis. The time between occurrence of first symptoms and antibody testing was often alarmingly prolonged. In patients with symptom onset between 2013 and 2016, the mean delay was 74 days, in cases diagnosed between 2007 and 2012 even 483 days, suggesting though that increased awareness of this novel disease group helped to expedite proper diagnosis and treatment. By analyzing the medical records in detail, we identified clinical signs that may help to assist in earlier diagnosis, including seizures, catatonia, autonomic instability, or hyperkinesia. Indeed, reanalyzing the whole cohort using these "red flags" led to a 58% reduction of time between symptom onset and diagnosis. We conclude that the timely diagnosis of an autoimmune psychiatric disease can be facilitated by use of the described clinical warning signs, likely enabling earlier immunotherapy and better prognosis. Also, the threshold for cerebrospinal fluid analysis and autoantibody testing should be low. ER  - 
Protocol for the ENCODE trial: Evaluating a novel online depression intervention for persons with epilepsy$$$ Background: Depression is common among persons with epilepsy (PwE), affecting roughly one in three individuals, and its presence is associated with personal suffering, impaired quality of life, and worse prognosis. Despite the availability of effective treatments, depression is often overlooked and treated inadequately in PwE, in part because of assumed concerns over drug interactions or proconvulsant effects of antidepressants. Internet-administered psychological interventions might complement antidepressant medication or psychotherapy, and preliminary evidence suggests that they can be effective. However, no trial has yet examined whether an Internet intervention designed to meet the needs of PwE can achieve sustained reductions in depression and related symptoms, such as anxiety, when offered as adjunct to treatment as usual. Methods/Design: This randomized controlled trial will include 200 participants with epilepsy and a current depressive disorder, along with currently at least moderately elevated depression (Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) sum score of at least 10). Patients will be recruited via epilepsy treatment centers and other sources, including Internet forums, newspaper articles, flyers, posters, and media articles or advertisements, in German-speaking countries. Main inclusion criteria are: self-reported diagnosis of epilepsy and a depressive disorder, as assessed with a phone-administered structured diagnostic interview, none or stable antidepressant medication, no current psychotherapy, no other major psychiatric disorder, no acute suicidality. Participants will be randomly assigned to either (1) a care-as-usual/waitlist (CAU/WL) control group, in which they receive CAU and are given access to the Internet intervention after 3months (that is, a CAU/WL control group), or (2) a treatment group that may also use CAU and in addition immediately receives six-month access to the novel, Internet-administered intervention. The primary outcome measure is the PHQ-9, collected at three months post-baseline; secondary measures include self-reported anxiety, work and social adjustment, epilepsy symptoms (including seizure frequency and severity), medication adherence, potential negative treatment effects and health-related quality of life. Measurements are collected online at pre-treatment (T0), three months (T1), six months (T2), and nine months (T3). Discussion: Results of this trial are expected to extend the body of knowledge with regard to effective and efficient treatment options for PwE who experience elevated depression and anxiety. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02791724. Registered 01 June 2016. ER  - 
Clinical analysis of partial epilepsy with auras$$$ Background: An aura is usually considered to be the initial clinical sign of a seizure. The types of abnormal neuron activities (i.e., localized and generalized firing) play an important role in the diagnosis of epilepsy. The goal of this study was to investigate the types of auras and its correlation with the localization and treatment of epilepsy. Methods: The 426 epileptic patients with auras from a single center were reviewed with reference to International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE, 1981) classification; the clinical manifestations and incidence of auras were analyzed in this retrospective study, as well as the results of electroencephalogram (EEG), brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and the treatment methods. Results: Among the 426 epileptic patients, six different types of auras were defined, including autonomic auras, sensory auras, mental and affective auras, aura as vertigo, cognitive auras, and unspeakable feelings. Duration of auras ranged from 2 s to 7 min; the median duration of auras was 64.2 s. Abnormal EEG was observed in 297 (69.72%) patients. Moreover, abnormal brain MRI was observed in 125 (29.34%) patients. Nineteen (4.46%) epilepsy patients with auras underwent both surgeries and antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) while others were treated only with AEDs. Conclusions: This study suggested that auras played an important role in the diagnosis, classification, and localization of epilepsy. Epileptic aura could help differentiate partial seizure from generalized seizure. ER  - 
Maternal psychopathology and offspring clinical outcome: a four-year follow-up of boys with ADHD$$$ Previous cross-sectional research has shown that parents of children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have high rates of psychopathology, especially ADHD and depression. However, it is not clear whether different types of parent psychopathology contribute to the course and persistence of ADHD in the child over time. The aim of this two wave study was to investigate if mother self-reported ADHD and depression influence persistence of offspring ADHD and conduct disorder symptom severity in adolescents diagnosed with ADHD in childhood. A sample of 143 males with a confirmed diagnosis of ADHD participated in this study. ADHD and conduct disorder symptoms were assessed at baseline and reassessed 4 years later. The boys in this sample had a mean age of 10.7 years at Time 1 (SD 2.14, range 6–15 years) and 13.73 years at Time 2 (SD 1.74, range 10–17 years). Questionnaire measures were used to assess ADHD and depression symptoms in mothers at Time 1. Mother self-reported ADHD was not associated with a change in child ADHD or conduct symptom severity over time. Mother self-reported depression was found to predict an increase in child conduct disorder symptoms, but did not contribute to ADHD symptom levels. This study provides the first evidence that concurrent depression in mothers may be a predictor of worsening conduct disorder symptoms in adolescents with ADHD. It may, therefore, be important to screen for depression in mothers of children with ADHD in clinical practice to tailor interventions accordingly. ER  - 
Increased rates of sequelae post-encephalitis in individuals attending primary care practices in the United Kingdom: a population-based retrospective cohort study$$$ The true extent of sequelae in encephalitis survivors relative to rates within the general population is not known. This study aimed to quantify increased risks of epilepsy, depressive disorders, anxiety disorders, psychotic disorders, bipolar disorder, cognitive problems, dementia, headache, and alcohol abuse among encephalitis cases. 2460 exposed individuals diagnosed with incident encephalitis in the Clinical Practice Research Datalink and 47,914 unexposed individuals without a history of encephalitis were included. Multivariable Poisson regression was used to estimate adjusted rate ratios in individuals with encephalitis compared to the general population and to estimate whether the effect of these outcomes varied over time. Individuals with encephalitis had an increased risk of all investigated outcomes. The highest RR was seen for epilepsy (adjusted RR 31.9; 95 % confidence interval 25.38–40.08), whereas the lowest was seen for anxiety disorders (1.46, 1.27–1.68). The second highest RRs were for particular psychiatric illnesses, including bipolar disorder (6.34, 3.34–12.04) and psychotic disorders (3.48, 2.18–5.57). The RR was highest in the first year of follow-up for all outcomes except headache; this was particularly true for epilepsy (adjusted RR in first year of follow-up 139.6, 90.62–215.03). This study shows that sequelae are common in survivors of encephalitis. We confirm the presence of outcomes more commonly linked to encephalitis and describe those less commonly identified as being associated with encephalitis. The results of this study have important implications for the management of encephalitis patients and for the design of tertiary prevention strategies, as many of these sequelae are treatable. ER  - 
The role of alcohol dependency in deaths among people with epilepsy recorded by the National Drug-Related Deaths Index (NDRDI) in Ireland, 2004–2013$$$ Purpose The aim of this study was to investigate deaths among individuals with epilepsy recorded on the National Drug-Related Deaths Index (NDRDI). Method A descriptive analysis of individuals with a known history of epilepsy in the NDRDI from 2004 to 2013 was undertaken. Results Between 2004 and 2013, 225 (2%) of the recorded cases had a documented history of epilepsy, 82 (36%) of whom had epilepsy recorded as the cause of death. Of these 82 deaths, the majority were male (60–73%) and half (median age) were aged 47 years or younger. A post mortem toxicology report was available for 65 (79%) of these deaths, of which over two thirds (44–68%) did not have any antiepileptic drugs present on toxicology. Over two thirds of these deaths, (31–70%) were among people known to be alcohol dependent. Conclusion The high percentage of individuals with a diagnosis of alcohol dependency that died as a result of epilepsy and who have no antiepileptic drugs in their system at the time of their death, highlights the need for preventative measures for this at-risk group. ER  - 
Physical and mental health comorbidities of epilepsy: Population-based cross-sectional analysis of 1.5 million people in Scotland$$$ Purpose To measure the prevalence of physical and mental health comorbidities in people with epilepsy in a large population cohort, and to examine the prevalence of depression accounting for other physical comorbidity. Methods Population-based, cross-sectional descriptive epidemiology analysis of primary care electronic records for 1,510,742 people aged 14+ years, examining the prevalence of 39 comorbidities. Results 12,720 people with epilepsy were identified (prevalence 8.4/1000 population, 95% CI 8.3–8.5). Physical and mental health comorbidity was more common with epilepsy (mean of an additional 1.02 physical conditions difference, 95% CI 0.99–1.06). 69.9% of people with epilepsy had one or more comorbid health conditions and 18.6% had four or more, compared to 46.9% and 9.0% of people without epilepsy. Depression was present in 16.3% of people with epilepsy compared to 9.5% of those without (adjusted OR 1.57, 95% CI 1.49–1.65). The prevalence of comorbid depression in epilepsy increased as the number of physical comorbidities increased (OR 5.82, 95% CI 4.90–6.91 for 4+ physical comorbidities vs none) and with increasing deprivation, similar to the patterns observed in other common physical conditions. Conclusion People with epilepsy have higher rates of both physical and mental health comorbidity than people without even after adjustment for age, gender and levels of deprivation. Depression is more common than in the general population but the prevalence is similar to other physical health conditions, and is strongly associated with the total burden of physical conditions. This study highlights the complexity in caring for people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Clinical outcomes of perampanel vs. lacosamide in cohorts of consecutive patients with severely refractory epilepsies — A monocentric retrospective analysis of systematically collected data from the German Kork Epilepsy Center$$$ Purpose Perampanel (PER) and lacosamide (LCM) are antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) approved for the adjunctive treatment of partial-onset seizures. At the time of market entry, information on clinical effectiveness of new AEDs is limited to results from pivotal trials, real-life or comparative data are missing. This analysis of data collected retrospectively in a German epilepsy center used unified evaluation criteria, and describes treatment outcomes with LCM and PER at 6 months. Methods Results of the first 70 consecutive patients who had received LCM or PER after their market entries in Germany were compared. Outcome measures comprised 50% responder rates, seizure freedom, retention, and incidence of adverse events (AEs). Results The mean number of previous AEDs was 8.7 in the PER group, and 7.3 in the LCM group. At 6 months, the 50% responder rate for all seizures was 48.6% for PER, and 28.6% for LCM, with seizure freedom in 14.3% of patients with PER, and 4.3% with LCM. Thirty-two AEs were reported for LCM, and 51 for PER, most commonly dizziness (22.9% of patients) for LCM, and somnolence/tiredness for PER (41.4%). AEs were reported as primary reason for discontinuation in 3 patients of the PER group. Retention rates were similar. Conclusions This analysis describes initial comparative benefits of two newly available AEDs in two cohorts of patients with highly refractory epilepsies. Responder and seizure freedom rates were numerically higher for PER. The analysis suggests that new AEDs can provide a chance for seizure freedom in relevant subgroups of patients, despite previous failure of multiple AEDs. ER  - 
Effects of the concurrent use of a reduced dose of propofol with divided supplemental remifentanil and moderate hyperventilation on duration and morphology of electroconvulsive therapy-induced electroencephalographic seizure activity: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Study objective The clinical adequacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) depends on not only seizure duration but also seizure amplitude and postictal suppression. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of combination of a reduced dose of propofol and moderate hyperventilation on seizure duration and electrical stimulus requirement for adequate ictal amplitude and postictal suppression. Design Prospective, randomized, controlled trial. Setting Operating room at a municipal hospital. Patients Sixty ASA physical status I or II patients scheduled to receive a total of > 300 ECT treatments. Interventions Patients were randomly assigned to have the three interventions: the use of a standard dose (1 mg/kg) of propofol and normoventilation (ETCO2 of 40–45 mm Hg) (group P/N), the use of a reduced dose (0.5 mg/kg) of propofol with divided remifentanil injections and normoventilation (group RP/N), and the use of a reduced dose of propofol with divided remifentanil injections and moderate hyperventilation (ETCO2 of 30–35 mm Hg) (group RP/H). Patients in groups RP/N and RP/H received remifentanil 1 μg/kg followed by propofol 0.5 mg/kg for unconsciousness and thereafter remifentanil 1 μg/kg immediately before the electrical stimulus. Measurements and main results Patients in group RP/H had significantly longer durations of electroencephalographic (EEG) seizures in the early phase of the ECT course (P < 0.05) and lower intensities of electrical stimulus in the late phase of the ECT course (P < 0.05) than those in groups P/N and RP/N. Conclusion A reduced dose of propofol combined with divided supplemental remifentanil under moderate hyperventilation during ECT may contribute to reduced electrical dosage due to the ability of its augmentation of seizure amplitude and postictal suppression in the late phase of the ECT course. ER  - 
The influence of patient, caregiver, and family factors on symptoms of anxiety and depression in children and adolescents with intractable epilepsy$$$ Objective The objective was to evaluate the association of caregiver and family factors with symptoms of anxiety and depression in children and adolescents with medically refractory localization-related epilepsy (i.e., failed at least two epilepsy medications). Method Forty-four children (ages 6–11 years) and 65 adolescents (ages 12–18 years) and their parents participated in this multicentered, observational, cross-sectional study. Univariable and multivariable linear regressions were used to evaluate the influence of multiple patient, caregiver, and family characteristics on self-reported symptoms of anxiety and depression in the children and adolescents. Results Among children, depressive symptoms were associated with a lower proportion of life with seizures (β = .344, p = .022), caregiver depression (β = .462, p = .002), poorer family relationships (β = .384, p = .010), and poorer family mastery and social support (β = .337, p = .025); in multivariable analysis, proportion of life with epilepsy and parental depression remained significant. No significant predictors of anxiety were found among children. Among adolescents, depressive symptoms were associated with caregiver unemployment (β = .345, p = .005) and anxiety (β = .359, p = .003), low household income (β = .321, p = .012), poorer family mastery and social support (β = .334, p = .007), and greater family demands (β = .326, p = .008); in multivariable analysis, caregiver unemployment and anxiety remained significant. Greater anxiety symptoms among adolescents were associated with females (β = .320, p = .009) and caregiver depression (β = .246, p = .048) and anxiety (β = .392, p = .001) and poorer family mastery and social support (β = .247, p = .047); in multivariable analysis, female sex and caregiver anxiety remained significant. Significance These findings highlight the central role of caregiver psychopathology, which is amenable to intervention, on children and adolescents’ symptoms of anxiety and depression. Addressing caregiver psychopathology may improve children and adolescents’ quality of life even if seizure control is not attained. ER  - 
Comorbidities of HIV infection and health care seeking behavior among HIV infected patients attending public sector healthcare facilities in KwaZulu-Natal: A cross sectional study$$$ Background HIV-infected people may present with co-infections, comorbidities, and side effects associated with antiretroviral therapy. This study explored the prevalence of comorbid health problems and determined the extent of the use of traditional medicine for treatment of coinfections, comorbidities of HIV infection and side effects. Methods A cross sectional study, using researcher-Administered questionnaires, was carried out among HIV-infected patients in eight public sector healthcare facilities in KwaZulu-Natal between April and October 1024. Self-reports of comorbidities, co-infections and side effects were analyzed with respect to factors such as age, gender, race, and health care seeking behavior including the use of traditional medicine. Cross-Tabulations were conducted to test the association between factors and the use of traditional medicine, using Pearson chi-squared (χ2) test. Simple and multiple logistic regression models tested the association of the use of traditional medicine with age, gender, race, side effects and comorbidities. Odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals were estimated. Missing values were handled, defined and treated as missing values in the final analysis. Results Overall, 29.5% (n = 516) of the survey participants reported having other comorbidities and or co-infections besides their HIV condition. Same participants reported two or more comorbidities. Almost forty percent of participants (208/531, 39.17%) reported having hypertension as the most noninfectious comorbidity while 21.65% of participants (115/531) had tuberculosis accounting for the most infectious comorbidity. Almost eight percent of participants (142/1748, 8.12%) reported using traditional medicine after starting with cART. Sixty out of 142 participants (60/142, 42.25%) on cART resorted to the use of traditional medicine for the management of comorbidities and or co-infections of their HIV infection. Overall, 311 out of 1748 participants (17.80%) complained of ARVs related side-effects. Forty-five percent of those with side-effects (141/311, 45.34%) reported taking various types of medicines for treating side-effects, with 90.07% of them (127/141) using medicines prescribed by biomedically trained doctors or by pharmacy personnel as over-The -counter medicines, p <0. 001. Very few participants (14/141, 9.93%) resorted to the use of traditional medicine for treating side effects associated with antiretroviral therapy with no significant difference (p=0.293). In a multiple logistic regression, after adjusting for age, gender, race and sideeffects due to antiretroviral therapy, odds for using traditional medicine were almost two times higher [odds ratio = 1.884, 95% Confidence Interval 1.317-2.695] with those participants having comorbidities and co-infections, with a significant difference p-value< 0.001. Conclusions Comorbidities, co-infections and side effects are prevalent among HIV-infected patients attending public sector healthcare facilities. Odds of using traditional medicine were almost two times higher and significantly associated with the presence of comorbidities and coinfections than for other factors. The presence of such comorbid health problems does not explain the increased use of traditional medicine among HIV-infected patients on antiretroviral therapy. Findings from this study should be interpreted cautiously as they cannot be generalized to the entire population of HIV-infected patients in KwaZulu-Natal. Studies on safety and efficacy of herbal traditional medicines are needed for beneficiation of the minority of patients who still resort to them for co-Treatment with combination antiretroviral therapy. ER  - 
Trend of nocturnal enuresis in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A nationwide population-based study in Taiwan$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and nocturnal enuresis are common disorders with extensive psychosocial suffering in affected children, and healthcare burden on parents. Whether the childhood psychological disorders and nocturnal enuresis are factors contributing to ADHD have not been clearly established. This study conducted a population-based case-control study using data sets from the National Health Research Insurance database, and identified 14 900 children diagnosed with ADHD. Risk factors that have been associated with or possibly related to ADHD development were included in this study. Performance of in groups of ADHD with enuresis was compared with controls. With adjustment for potential covariates, participants with enuresis exhibited a 2.24-fold greater risk of subsequent ADHD development compared with controls (95% CI 1.84 to 2.73). Participants with enuresis and comorbidity had a significantly greater risk of ADHD than those with no enuresis and no comorbidity (adjusted OR=8.43, 95% CI 4.38 to 16.2). Children who are assessed for ADHD should be evaluated for the presence of enuresis or other neurobehavioral comorbidities. Multidisciplinary treatment may benefit children with ADHD and minimize psychological burden on parents. ER  - 
Phenobarbital or potassium bromide as an add-on antiepileptic drug for the management of canine idiopathic epilepsy refractory to imepitoin$$$ Imepitoin has recently been approved in Europe for the management of dogs with idiopathic epilepsy. Currently, there is no evidence-based information available on the efficacy of antiepileptic drugs used as additions to the therapeutic regimen in dogs with idiopathic epilepsy that are not well controlled with imepitoin. The goal of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of phenobarbital or potassium bromide (KBr) as add-on antiepileptic drugs for controlling dogs refractory to a maximum dose of imepitoin (30 mg/kg twice daily). The study was performed as a prospective, randomised, controlled clinical trial. The efficacy of phenobarbital and KBr was evaluated by comparing monthly seizure frequency (MSF), monthly seizure day frequency (MSDF), the presence of cluster seizures during a retrospective 2-month period with a prospective follow-up of 6 months, and the overall responder rate. Twenty-seven dogs were included in the study, 14 dogs in the phenobarbital group and 13 dogs in the KBr group. Both median MSF and MSDF decreased in the phenobarbital group (both P = 0.001) and in the KBr group (P = 0.004 and P = 0.003, respectively). Overall, the number of dogs with cluster seizures decreased (P = 0.0005). The responder rate was 79% vs. 69% in the phenobarbital and KBr groups, respectively. We conclude that phenobarbital or KBr add-on treatment decreases median MSF and MSDF in epileptic dogs refractory to a maximum dose of imepitoin. Combination therapy was generally well tolerated and resulted in an improvement in seizure management in the majority of the dogs. ER  - 
An evaluation of factors affecting adherence to antiepileptic drugs in patients with epilepsy: A cross-sectional study$$$ INTRODUCTION Adherence to antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy is important for controlling seizures in patients with epilepsy (PWE). It is vital to identify the factors influencing adherence to AED therapy using validated tools. This study aimed to evaluate the pattern and extent of AED adherence among PWE and to identify the factors that influence adherence. METHODS This was a cross-sectional study involving PWE who had a confirmed diagnosis. Treatment adherence was assessed using the four-item Morisky Medication Adherence Scale. Univariate analysis with chi-square test was used to observe the association between different variables and AED adherence. Binary logistic regression analysis was used to identify the predictors of adherence. RESULTS 451 PWE (mean age 27.3 ± 8.1 years) were enrolled in the study; 251 (55.7%) were male and 198 (43.9%) were from the lower socioeconomic class. 326 (72.3%) patients had high adherence to AED therapy, while 125 (27.7%) had low adherence. AED adherence was significantly associated with socioeconomic status (p = 0.043) and type of epilepsy (p = 0.033). However, no significant difference was observed between adherence and age, gender, marital status, epilepsy duration, number and type of AEDs, and occurrence of adverse drug reactions. Patients with focal epilepsy and those from the middle/lower-middle socioeconomic classes were less likely to be nonadherent. The primary reason for nonadherence was forgetfulness. CONCLUSION This study found that a majority of PWE have optimal rates of AED adherence and that forgetfulness is the primary reason for nonadherence among PWE. ER  - 
Untreated patients with chronic hepatitis C were more likely to have major comorbidities and prescription drug use than treated patients in the oral direct-acting antivirals (DAAs) era: Results of a population-based study of patients in the United States$$$ Background: Over three-quarters of patients with chronic hepatitis C (CHC) in the United States were born between 1945 and 1965. As this population ages, the increasing rates of medical comorbidities and polypharmacy may make CHC management more challenging and especially with drug-drug interactions involving cytochrome P-450 metabolized DAAs. We aimed to measure the prevalence of comorbidities and medication use that may be barriers towards initiating DAAs in a large population-based cohort of American patients with CHC. Methods: Using ICD-9 codes, we identified 12,622 consecutive CHC patients from 1/1/2011 to 9/30/2015 from Optum Insight's insurance claims database, one of the largest nationwide prescription drug coverage plans in the United States. Our treatment group consisted of 6325 patients receiving DAA prescriptions after 11/1/2013. Any patients treated prior to 11/1/2013 were excluded from the study. Medical comorbidities were also defined by ICD-9 codes. Result: Close to half of patients (39%) were female (Table 1). Twothirds of patients (66.8%) had government sponsored Medicare part-D insurance and one-third (33.2%) had commercial insurance. Among treated patients, sofosbuvir and ledipasvir combination therapy was the most commonly used treatment regimen (55.6%). Compared to treated patients (Fig. 1), untreated patients were more likely to have end stage renal disease (4 vs. 1.4%, OR = 2.9, p>0.001), congestive heart failure (11.4 vs. 4.4%, OR = 2.8, p<0.001), and seizure disorder (5.6 vs 3%, OR = 1.9, p<0.001). Untreated patients were also more likely to have active or prior episodes of psychosis compared to treated patients (9.4 vs. 5%, OR = 2, p<0.001) and were more likely to be prescribed a medication with potentially severe drug-drug interaction to DAAs (24.7 vs. 21.5% treated, p<0.001) including anticonvulsants (1.7% untreated vs. 0.9% treated, p<0.001). Conclusion: In a large population-based cohort of insured American patients with CHC, the prevalences of certain major comorbidities and concomitant medications were significantly higher in untreated patients compared to treated patients, suggesting that comorbidities and polypharmacy may still be barriers for antiviral therapy for CHC even in post-DAA era. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Association between lithium use and risk of Alzheimer's disease$$$ Objective: Current evidence for the association between use of lithium and risk of dementia is mixed. The objective of this study was to assess the risk of Alzheimer's disease associated with use of lithium. Methods: A population-based, nested case-control study was conducted using data from the National Health Insurance Research Database in 2002 covering 24.5 million beneficiaries of the Taiwan National Health Insurance Program from January 1, 1997, to December 31, 2009. A total of 2,548,625 older people were included in the study cohort. We analyzed 63,347 cases of Alzheimer's disease (ICD-9-CM codes 290.0-290.3, and 331.0) and 2 controls per case matched by age, sex, and index date (the date of the first AD claim). Conditional logistic regression was performed, adjusting for health care utilization, use of other common mood stabilizers (valproic acid and carbamazepine), hypothyroidism, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, chronic kidney disease, epilepsy, schizophrenia, and bipolar disorder. Results: We identified 63,347 cases with Alzheimer's disease and 126,694 controls. The adjusted odds ratio (aOR) of Alzheimer's disease risk with lithium use was 1.79 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.34-2.38) in the general population. However, when we restricted the analyses to patients with bipolar disorder to minimize potential confounding by indication, lithium was not associated with Alzheimer's disease risk (aOR = 1.36; 95% CI, 0.89-2.09), and there were no apparent trends of greater risk with increasing duration or dose. Conclusions: These findings do not support an increased or decreased risk of lithium use with Alzheimer's disease when taking into account potential confounding by indication. Further investigations of the effect of lithium with dementia need to consider the influence of confounding by indication. ER  - 
Intentional recreational abuse of quetiapine compared to other second-generation antipsychotics$$$ Introduction: Case reports and poison center data have demonstrated that the second-generation antipsychotic quetiapine is being obtained and used for recreational abuse. The purpose of this study was to describe the relative rates of single-substance abuse for different atypical antipsychotics and compare their demographic and clinical features. Methods: We conducted a 10-year retrospective analysis of the National Poison Data System (NPDS) database (2003 - 2013). Trained nurses and pharmacists with specialty training in toxicology prospectively collect all NPDS data at poison control centers around the United States. We queried the NPDS for all cases of single-substance second-generation antipsychotic exposures coded as "intentional abuse." The data provided by the NPDS regarding rates and clinical features of quetiapine abuse and the abuse of all other second-generation antipsychotics were compared and described descriptively. Results: During the study period, 2,118 cases of quetiapine abuse and 1,379 cases of other secondgeneration antipsychotic abuse were identified. Quetiapine abuse was more common than the abuse of other second-generation antipsychotics, compromising 60.6% of all abuse cases during the study period. After quetiapine, the next most frequently abused medications were risperidone (530 cases, 15.2%) and olanzapine (246 cases, 7.0%). For all second-generation antipsychotics including quetiapine, central nervous system clinical effects were most common, including drowsiness, confusion, and agitation. Other serious clinical effects observed with second-generation antipsychotic abuse included hypotension, respiratory depression, and seizures. Conclusion: Quetiapine abuse is relatively common, and is abused far more often than any other second-generation antipsychotic. Emergency physicians should be aware of the clinical effects that may occur after second-generation antipsychotic abuse. ER  - 
Reassuring Results on Long-term Health Outcomes in Children Born by Mothers with Inflammatory Bowel Disease-A Nationwide Cohort Study$$$ Background: A pregnancy complicated with maternal inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) is associated with increased risk of short-term adverse birth outcomes, e.g., low birthweight, preterm birth and caesarean section. It has previously been suggested that maternal IBD affects both the offspring's immediate and long-term morbidity, specifically congenital anomalies and neurodevelopmental problems have been described. In current study, we examined the impact of maternal IBD on the longterm risk of disease in the offspring during childhood and adolescence compared to children born by women without IBD. Methods: This nationwide cohort study was based on the Danish health registries including all children born alive in Denmark between 1989 and 2013. We assessed the association between maternal IBD and diagnosed diseases in the offspring according to 10 selected categories of physical and mental diseases (diabetes, thyroid disease, rheumatoid arthritis, IBD, epilepsy, chronic lung disease/asthma, mood affective disorders, schizophrenia/other paranoid psychoses, nervous conditions and congenital malformations). The time span from birth until diagnosis, or end of follow-up, was described and we computed the hazard ratios for child disease using Cox proportional hazard regression and logistic regression for the relative risk of congenital malformations diagnosed within the first year of life. The statistical models were adjusted for the following covariates; gender, year of birth, maternal age, mode of delivery, multiple birth, birth order, preterm birth, BMI and comorbidity. Stratification on IBD subtype; Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, was carried out in a sub analysis. Results: The exposed cohort comprised 9238 children born by women with IBD, and the unexposed cohort of 1,371,407 children born by women without IBD followed from date of birth. The unexposed cohort was followed for a median time of 13.8 years and the exposed cohort for a median time of 9.7 years. In both groups the maximum time of follow-up was 25.9 years. We found that children born by mothers with IBD had an almost 6 times increased risk of being diagnosed with IBD compared with children born by mothers without IBD adjusted HR (95% CI): 5.67 (4.63-6.96). Apart from this partially expected finding, children born by mothers with IBD were not more likely to be diagnosed with any of the other included diagnoses. The risk estimates for all other childhood disease categories were close to unity, and we did not find significantly increased risk for any of the other diseases. When stratifying for IBD subtypes the risk of IBD was even more pronounced in the Crohn's disease group; adjusted HR (95% CI): 7.59 (5.65-10.19), than in the ulcerative colitis group. Conclusions: From this huge study on long-term health consequences in children born by mothers with IBD the association showed an expected increased risk of IBD in the offspring. We did not find evidence for an increased risk of any of the other examined diseases in the offspring. This finding is very reassuring for women with IBD regarding the long-term reproductive outcomes in their offspring. ER  - 
Methylphenidate, cognition, and epilepsy A double-blind, placebo-controlled, single-dose study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the potential efficacy of immediate-release methylphenidate (MPH) for treating cognitive deficits in epilepsy. Methods: This was a double-blind, randomized, single-dose, 3-period crossover study in patients with epilepsy and chronic cognitive complaints comparing the effects of placebo and MPH 10 and 20 mg given 1 week apart. Cognitive outcome was evaluated on the basis of an omnibus z score calculated from performance on the Conners Continuous Performance Test 3 (ability to discriminate between target and nontarget stimuli [d'] and hit reaction time standard deviation), Symbol-Digit Modalities Test, and Medical College of Georgia Paragraph Memory Test. Adverse events and seizure frequency were monitored. An open-label follow-up is reported elsewhere. Results: Thirty-five adult patients with epilepsy participated, of whom 31 finished. Demographics included the following: mean age 5 35.3 years (range 20-62 years), 13 men and 18 women, and baseline seizure frequency of 2.8 per month. Epilepsy types were focal (n 5 24), generalized (n 5 6), or unclassified (n 5 1). Mean epilepsy duration was 12.5 years. A statistically significant performance benefit was present at both 10-mg (p 5 0.030) and 20-mg (p 5 0.034) MPH doses. No seizures were associated with either MPH dose. Adverse effects leading to withdrawal included cognitive "fogginess" (n 5 1 on 20 mg), anxiety/agitation (n 5 1 on 10 mg), and tachycardia (n 5 1). One participant was lost to follow-up after one 20-mg dose without side effect. Conclusions: This single-dose study suggests that MPH may be effective in ameliorating some cognitive deficits in patients with epilepsy. Additional studies are required. ER  - 
The evaluation of the relationship between risk factors and prognosis in intracerebral hemorrhage patients$$$ Objective - Patients were assessed in terms of risk factors, hematoma size and localization, the effects of spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) on mortality and morbidity, and post-stroke depression. Materials and methods - The present study evaluated the demographic data, risk factors, and neurological examinations of 216 ICH patients. The diagnosis, volume, localization, and ventricular extension of the hematomas were determined using computed tomography scans. The mortality rate through the first 30 days was evaluated using ICH score and ICH grading scale. The Modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was used to determine the dependency status and functional recovery of each patient, and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale was administered to assess the psychosocial status of each patient. Results -The mean age of the patients was 65.3±14.5 years. The most common locations of the ICH lesions were as follows: lobar (28.3%), thalamus (26.4%), basal ganglia (24.0%), cerebellum (13.9%), and brainstem (7.4%). The average hematoma volume was 15.8±23.8 cm3; a ventricular extension of the hemorrhage developed in 34.4% of the patients, a midline shift in 28.7%, and perihematomal edema, as the most frequently occurring complication, in 27.8%. Over the 6-month follow-up period, 57.9% of patients showed a poor prognosis (mRS: ≥3), while 42.1% showed a good prognosis (mRS: <3). The mortality rate over the first 30 days was significantly higher in patients with a low Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) score at admission, a large hematoma volume, and ventricular extension of the hemorrhage (p=0.0001). In the poor prognosis group, the presence of moderate depression (39.13%) was significantly higher than in the good prognosis group (p=0.0001). Conclusion - Determination and evaluation of the factors that could influence the prognosis and mortality of patients with ICH is crucial for the achievement of more effective patient management and improved quality of life. ER  - 
ENIGMA and the individual: Predicting factors that affect the brain in 35 countries worldwide$$$ In this review, we discuss recent work by the ENIGMA Consortium (http://enigma.ini.usc.edu) – a global alliance of over 500 scientists spread across 200 institutions in 35 countries collectively analyzing brain imaging, clinical, and genetic data. Initially formed to detect genetic influences on brain measures, ENIGMA has grown to over 30 working groups studying 12 major brain diseases by pooling and comparing brain data. In some of the largest neuroimaging studies to date – of schizophrenia and major depression – ENIGMA has found replicable disease effects on the brain that are consistent worldwide, as well as factors that modulate disease effects. In partnership with other consortia including ADNI, CHARGE, IMAGEN and others1 ENIGMA's genomic screens – now numbering over 30,000 MRI scans – have revealed at least 8 genetic loci that affect brain volumes. Downstream of gene findings, ENIGMA has revealed how these individual variants – and genetic variants in general – may affect both the brain and risk for a range of diseases. The ENIGMA consortium is discovering factors that consistently affect brain structure and function that will serve as future predictors linking individual brain scans and genomic data. It is generating vast pools of normative data on brain measures – from tens of thousands of people – that may help detect deviations from normal development or aging in specific groups of subjects. We discuss challenges and opportunities in applying these predictors to individual subjects and new cohorts, as well as lessons we have learned in ENIGMA's efforts so far. ER  - 
Suspected antibody negative autoimmune limbic encephalitis: outcome of immunotherapy$$$ Objectives: Whether and when to immunologically treat epilepsy patients with suggested autoantibody (AB)-negative limbic encephalitis (LE) is clinically challenging. Therefore, we evaluated the clinical outcome and eventual outcome predictors of immunotherapy in a group of AB-negative patients with recent-onset temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) indicators of LE, subjective cognitive decline, and/or psychiatric symptoms. Methods: This retrospective, observational, uncontrolled study monitored 28 TLE patients with suggested AB-negative LE along with methylprednisolone immunotherapy. Results: All patients had seizures, amygdala and/or -hippocampal enlargement, subjective cognitive decline and/or behavioral problems. Eighty-six percent (24/28) were impaired in executive or memory functions, 39% (10/25) depressed, 81% were on antiepileptic drugs when pulse therapy started. After a median follow-up of 18 months, 46% (13/28) of the patients were seizure free (>2 months), 48% (13/27) showed MRI improvements (amygdala and/or hippocampal volume reduction), cognition improved in 57% (16/28), worsened in 32% (9/28), mood improved in 14% (4/25), and deteriorated in 11% (3/25). Immunotherapy was discontinued in 75% (21/28). Clinical changes did not correlate to each other. Outcomes could not be predicted. Conclusion: Immunological treatment of suggested AB-negative LE showed reasonable seizure control, MRI and cognitive improvements. Treatment success was not predictable from clinical features, nor definitely attributable to immunological treatment. Lacking biomarkers for the reliable diagnosis of AB-negative LE, we suggest that in presence of mild manifestations, and after initiating antiepileptic drug therapy, negative dynamics in MRI, seizures, cognition, and behavior should be documented before immunosuppressive treatment is initiated. ER  - 
Biological therapy in pediatric inflammatory bowel disease a systematic review$$$ The incidence of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) has increased steadily worldwide, both in adult and in children; approximately 25% of IBD patients are diagnosed before the age of 18. The natural history of IBD is usually more severe in children than in adults, and can be associated with linear growth impairment, delayed puberty onset, reduced bone mass index, malnutrition, and the need for surgery. Biological therapies, especially blocking tumor necrosis factor-α (TNFα), have radically modified the treatment strategies and disease course of IBD in children. In particular, drugs such as Infliximab and Adalimumab are routinely used in the treatment of pediatric IBD. The role of Infliximab and Adalimumab in the management of pediatric IBD has been recently updated in the Consensus guidelines of ECCO/ESPGHAN. Data regarding short-term and long-term efficacy and safety of these drugs in children, and the effects of "top-down" and "step-up" strategies, are lacking. In this paper, the authors will review current indications, efficacy, and safety of biological therapy in pediatric IBD patients, evaluating all articles published after ECCO/ESPGHAN guidelines publication. The authors carried out a systematic search through MEDLINE through PubMed (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/) Embase, CINAHL, Cochrane Library, and gray literature, from January 2013 to January 2016. Anti-TNFα has been shown to be effective and safe to maintain remission and to achieve mucosal healing. Multicenter trials based on large sample size cohorts are needed to better clarify long-term efficacy of anti-TNFα and the real incidence of treatment-related complications in pediatric IBD. ER  - 
Risk Factors for Initiation of Potentially Inappropriate Medications in Community-Dwelling Older Adults with and without Alzheimer’s Disease$$$ Background: Various criteria have been created to define potentially inappropriate medications (PIMs) to help improve the quality and safety of medicine use in older patients. Individuals with Alzheimer’s disease (AD) may be at higher risk of adverse drug events associated with PIMs (such as falls). Objective: Our objective was to determine the risk factors for PIM initiation in a nationwide cohort of community dwellers aged ≥65 years with and without AD. Methods: The Finnish nationwide MEDALZ cohort includes all patients diagnosed with AD in 2005–2011 (n = 70,718) and two comparison individuals without AD (non-AD) matched for age, sex and region of residence for each person with AD. After a 1-year washout period for PIM use and exclusion of those aged <65 years, we included 50,494 patients with AD and 106,306 comparison subjects. PIM use was defined according to Finnish criteria. Results: Subjects without AD initiated PIMs more frequently than those with AD (16.4 vs. 12.2%, respectively; p < 0.001). The most common PIMs were muscle relaxants and urinary antispasmodics. Older individuals (aged ≥75 years) were less likely to initiate PIMs. In the AD group, women were less likely to initiate PIMs than men. More comorbidities were associated with PIM initiation, especially in the non-AD group. The use of opioids or psychotropic medicines was associated with PIM initiation in both cohorts. Regional differences between university hospital districts were observed. Conclusion: PIM initiation was dependent on patient characteristics and possibly also some healthcare system-related factors such as differing regional treatment practices. It is important that medicines prescribed to the older vulnerable population are assessed regularly to avoid adverse effects and ensure safe pharmacotherapy, especially in those with multiple comorbidities. ER  - 
Etiologies and delirium rates of elderly ED patients with acutely altered mental status: a multicenter prospective study$$$ Objectives Altered mental status (AMS) is a challenging diagnosis in older patients and has a large range of etiologies. The aim of this study was to investigate the nature of such etiologies for physicians to be better aware of AMS backgrounds and hence improve outcomes and mortality rates. Methods This prospective observational study was conducted at 4 emergency departments. Patients 65 years and older who presented to the emergency department with acute AMS (≤1 week), with symptoms ranging from comas and combativeness, were eligible for inclusion in this study. The outcomes, etiologies, Richmond Agitation and Sedation Scale scores, and the presence of delirium were recorded. Results Among 822 older patients with AMS, infection (39.5%) and neurological diseases (36.5%) were the most common etiologies. The hospital admission and mortality rates were 73.7% (n = 606) and 24.7% (n = 203), respectively. The mortality rate rose if AMS persisted for more than 3 days. Delirium was observed in 55.7% of the patients; these individuals had higher durations of AMS than those without delirium (median, 24 hours; interquartile range, 3-48 hours; median 6 hours, interquartile range, 3-48 hours, respectively; P = .010). Notably, delirium was observed in more than two-thirds of neurological patients. Conclusions The most common causes of AMS were infection and neurological diseases. Delirium was associated with AMS in nearly half the patients. Moreover, the rates of hospitalization and mortality remained high. ER  - 
Family and sexual life in people with epilepsy$$$ Having epilepsy is much more than having seizures. Epilepsy can have a severe negative effect on quality of life, affecting social relationships, academic achievement, housing, employment, and the ability to live and function independently. We undertook a cross-sectional study in a tertiary epilepsy center in Lithuania, aiming to assess the influence of epilepsy and aspects relating to epilepsy (employment, stigma, anxiety) on patients and their families, and to estimate their quality of family life and sexual functioning. We asked patients to complete a questionnaire about their socio-demographic situation, their seizure types and antiepileptic medications, and their quality of family and sexual life. Our results confirmed that epilepsy seriously influences family life. One third of our patients are lonely and half are childless. Epilepsy leads to difficulty in finding a job, especially for men, and unemployment affects their status in the family. People with epilepsy are uncomfortable interacting with those of the opposite sex and tend to conceal their medical condition from their partner. One third have sexual dysfunction, yet only a quarter of them seek professional help. There is a clear need to improve self-confidence and to reduce social stigma in people with epilepsy, and to encourage them to discuss their problems with specialists. ER  - 
Evaluation of perampanel in patients with intellectual disability and epilepsy$$$ Introduction Initial registration studies of perampanel (PMP), an AMPA receptor antagonist, have now been followed up by ‘clinical’ studies that confirmed its efficacy and safety in patients with refractory epilepsy. Publications on the use of PMP among patients with intellectual disability (ID) are still limited. This study extends our knowledge with respect to the relevance of PMP for patients with both ID and epilepsy, and furthermore specifies the behavioral side effects of PMP in this specific population. Methods Retrospective evaluation of medical records at 3, 6 and 12 months of follow-up after the initial start of PMP. Results 62 patients were included. 21 patients (33.9%) were female. All patients had complete data of 6 months follow-up and we were able to review 42 patients with a 1-year follow-up. Level of ID varied from borderline to profound, and mild ID was most common (43.5%). The mean maximum daily dosage of PMP was 5.6 mg (range 1–12 mg). Retention rates for PMP were 87.1% and 67.7% after three and six months. A trend indicated a longer mean retention time in patients with a more severe ID (borderline-mild-moderate ID: 205 days, severe-profound ID: 275 days). Seizure reduction was achieved in 53.2%. 36 patients (58.1%) experienced adverse effects, 80.6% of those within 3 months. 45.2% of the patients experienced somatic adverse effects. Most common were fatigue & sleep problems, motor problems & unsteadiness, and gastrointestinal problems. Behavioral adverse effects were present in 40.3%. Most common were aggression, agitated behavior, disruptive behavior, and mood symptoms. Reasons for discontinuation of PMP were lack of efficacy in 14.8%, intolerable adverse effects in 44.4%, and a combination of both in 40.7%. Altogether, 24.2% (15/62) of the patients achieved seizure reduction without experiencing adverse effects, though none reached seizure freedom. Conclusions The use of PMP might lead to an effective seizure reduction without adverse effects in a minority of patients with both epilepsy and ID. Pre-existing behavioral problems or polypharmacy do not predict the occurrence of additional behavioral adverse effects, implying that these patients need not be excluded from the introduction of PMP when clinically indicated. Patients should, ideally, be monitored at a multidisciplinary clinic. ER  - 
A two-year retrospective evaluation of perampanel in patients with highly drug-resistant epilepsy and cognitive impairment$$$ Purpose The objective of this work was to review systematically the efficacy and tolerability of perampanel (PER) in residential patients of an epilepsy center. Method We adopted an industry-independent noninterventional retrospective evaluation on the basis of the paper and electronic records complemented by personal information on the part of the treating neurologists. All patients (N = 26, 15 females, mean age: 30, range 21–55 years) started on PER from its introduction to the market in September 2012 until December 15th 2013 were included. Evaluation was carried out after 6, 12, and 24 months of PER treatment. Changes in seizure frequency were calculated as the number of seizures during three months on PER compared to a three-month baseline period. The Clinical Global Impression Scale served as an instrument to record changes in seizure intensity beyond numerical values. Adverse effects were documented by means of the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile. Results Most patients had structural or metabolic epilepsy, 2 patients suffered from Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, 2 from other symptomatic generalized epilepsy. All patients had grade III drug-resistant epilepsy. All patients had additional cognitive deficits of different degree. The retention rates were 61.5% after 6 months, 46.2% after 12 months, and 42.3% after 24 months. The responder rates were 11.5% after 6 months, 23.1% after 12 months, and 7.7% after 24 months. Partial responders (positive CGI and/or seizure reduction < 50%) included, the respective values were 26.9%, 38.5%, and 23.1%. Only 1 patient was seizure free at 12 months (but not at 24 months). A loss of efficacy in the second year of treatment was suspected but the decrease of the responder rate could also be ascribed to a number of different circumstances. Adverse effects in the psychiatric field like irritability, aggression, increased sensitivity, and suicidal ideation/behavior occurred in 50% of the patients. They were the main reason to discontinue PER. Conclusions After one year of treatment PER showed reasonable efficacy in a particularly difficult-to-treat population. Psychiatric adverse effects forced discontinuation in many cases. ER  - 
How reliable is ictal duration to differentiate psychogenic nonepileptic seizures from epileptic seizures?$$$ We sought to investigate (1) differences in ictal duration between psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and epileptic seizures (ES), (2) the odds of being PNES when seizures last ≥ 5 min, and (3) the value of ictal duration as a diagnostic test to differentiate PNES from ES. We retrospectively reviewed video-EEG recordings and tabulated ictal durations of all PNES and ES. We estimated the mean ictal durations of PNES and ES using linear mixed models. The odds of being PNES when seizures last ≥ 5 min were estimated using logistic regression. We used receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curves to study the overall diagnostic accuracy of ictal duration in differentiating PNES from ES. We studied 441 ES and 341 PNES recorded from 138 patients. The mean ictal duration of PNES (148.7 s, 95% CI: 115.2–191.8) was significantly longer (p < 0.001) than that of ES (47.7 s, 95% CI: 37.6–60.6). The odds of being PNES was about 24 times higher (Odds ratio: 23.8, 95% CI: 7.9–71.3) when the ictal duration was ≥ 5 min. The ROC curve yielded an area under the curve of 0.80 (95% CI 0.73–0.88). Youden's index identified 123.5 s as the optimal threshold to diagnose PNES with 65% sensitivity and 93% specificity. Our results indicate that ictal duration is a useful test to raise suspicion of PNES. When a seizure lasts ≥ 5 min, it is 24 times more likely to be PNES with the potential risk of misdiagnosis as status epilepticus. ER  - 
Manifestations of Tuberous Sclerosis Complex: The Experience of a Provincial Clinic$$$ Background: Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is a neurocutaneous disorder with a wide spectrum of manifestations. Recent consensus recommendations stress the importance of multidisciplinary management of children with TSC. The objective of this study was to examine the manifestations of TSC at a large referral centre to determine the care needs of this population. Methods: A retrospective, systematic chart review was performed of children with TSC managed at British Columbia Children's Hospital. Patients were identified through epilepsy and clinical neurophysiology databases. Results: The study population comprised 81 patients, born between 1987 and 2014, who were a median of 10 years (range, 0.2-23.2) at most recent follow-up. Epilepsy occurred in 91% of patients, including 32% with a history of infantile spasms. Nineteen patients underwent epilepsy surgery, nine (47%) of whom were seizure-free at most recent follow-up. Overall, 61% of epilepsy patients had been seizure-free for at least 1 year at the time of last follow-up. Neuropsychiatric disorders were diagnosed in 49% of children, with autism (25%), attention deficit hyperactivity order (19%) and anxiety (16%) being the most common. Cardiac rhabdomyomata occurred in 35% of children and renal angiomyolipomas were seen in 43%. A total of 91% had skin manifestations. Conclusion: This study outlines the multisystem manifestations of TSC, observed through a large pediatric referral center. Epilepsy and neuropsychiatric disorders are the major source of morbidity in this age group and provide many challenges to the treating clinician. Because a subset of the study population is still quite young, the prevalence of neuropsychiatric disorders is likely underestimated. ER  - 
Are non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs clinically suitable for the treatment of symptoms in depression-associated inflammation?$$$ The aetiology and pathophysiology of depression have long been associated with inflammation, at least in a proportion of patients. Altered cytokine activity in the periphery and in the brain has brought support to a concept of depression-associated inflammation. However, these immunological changes – and inflammation in particular – in depression have only been recently targeted for treatment. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) have been proposed to be of clinical use in the treatment of depression either as monotherapy or as adjuncts in combination with antidepressants. Specifically, selective cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 and non-selective COX inhibitor NSAIDs as adjuncts or monotherapy have been trialled clinically. A limited body of clinical research has been conducted with mixed results so far. Although meta-analyses appear to support the use of NSAIDs in acute depression, the overall effect is mainly biased by the effects of celecoxib for which the best evidence exists to date. Efficacy data of non-selective COX inhibitor NSAIDs on depressive symptoms is limited and out of six studies, only a retrospective analysis shows positive results for non-selective COX inhibitor. Clinical data on aspirin, an irreversible inhibitor of both COX-1 and COX-2, are mainly experimental and hypothetical at this stage, but may be promising in depressed patients with concomitant inflammatory conditions. The main problematic factor is that current evidence rests on trials in acute depression. Because of the dynamic nature of depression, it is important exploring if NSAIDs and other anti-inflammatory treatments may have a preventive role in early stages of depression and for relapse prevention. The possible impact of anti-inflammatory treatments on immune changes in different phases of depression warrants caution for a wide and preventive use of anti-inflammatory agents in depression-associated inflammation. ER  - 
Timing of first event in inpatient long-term video-EEG monitoring for diagnostic purposes$$$ Background Long-term video-EEG monitoring (LTM) aims to record the habitual event and is a useful diagnostic tool for neurological paroxysmal clinical events. In our epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) setting, admissions are usually planned to last up to five days. We ascertained time taken for the recording of a first event and determined correlations between different clinical characteristics and timings. Methods We retrospectively reviewed diagnostic and classification LTM recording performed at a tertiary epilepsy centre. Results Sixty-three recordings were reviewed. Most subjects (89%) had events at least once a week prior to admission. In 40 (63%) a habitual event was recorded, mostly (93%) within the first two days. No events were recorded on day four or five. A few characteristics were associated with a trend for events occurring earlier (events more than once a week vs less than once a week, motor symptoms compared with aura or dyscognitive events, and reduction of antiepileptic drugs versus no reduction). Conclusions Our finding suggests that, for diagnostic event recording in people with epilepsy or PNEA, a maximum recording time of three days is sufficient in two thirds of them, if event frequency is at least once a week. In the remaining third, prolonged recording up to five days did not result in capturing a clinical event. For these individuals, shorter admission could be planned, for example for 2 days rather than 5 days. ER  - 
Adverse effects of carbamazepine monotherapy among patients in Nigeria: A pilot study and implications$$$ Aim: Antiepileptic drugs do cause adverse effects, affecting patients' quality of life, adherence and seizures. Consequently, there is a need to study this among Nigerian patients. Methods: Descriptive cross-sectional study assessing the extent of adverse effects with carbamazepine monotherapy and potential factors. Results: 54 patients (64.3%) reported no adverse effects, while 30 did. The most common adverse effects were memory problems followed by headaches, restlessness, tiredness and depression. Adverse effects were significantly higher in females, with females with low educational levels having significantly higher rates. Dose, co-medications, seizure control and comorbid conditions did not significantly affect adverse effects. Conclusion: Perception of adverse effects was common in patients on carbamazepine monotherapy, more common in women than men. Educational status was important in women. ER  - 
Postoperative analgesia in children undergoing epilepsy surgery$$$ Introduction: The nationally commissioned Children's Epilepsy Surgery Service was established in 2012, delivering network standards and service development. Only a few studies have focused on postcranial surgery analgesia; a 2014 American Prospective Cohort Study failed to elicit pain score differences between modalities.1 At Great Ormond Street Hospital, no standardized regimen currently exists for this group. The discipline's evolving nature means numerous modalities are used, including Nurse- Controlled or Patient-Controlled Analgesia (NCA/PCA). We believed analgesic requirements might be achieved by enteral or bolus parenteral route alone; thereby simplifying practice, reducing complications and improving outcome. Methods: We reviewed pain data in children undergoing epilepsy surgery between April 2014 and June 2015. Opiate protocol and consumption, number of follow-up days, pain scores, and side effects were collated. No ethical approval was required for this project. Results: Ninety-five patients were analyzed, comprising of 74.7% craniotomies, 11.5% Stereo EEG procedures, and 13.6% vagal nerve stimulators. 76.8% were prescribed an NCA or a PCA. 97.2% had morphine protocols, and the average follow-up was 1.67 days. Operative day average morphine consumption was 13.5 mcg/kg/h falling to 10.16 mcg/kg/h on postoperative day 1. By day 2, only 6.8% continued on NCA/PCAs. Pain scores were recorded as the daily proportion in the moderate to severe range. 31.5% had ≥5% of their day 1 pain scores in the moderate to severe range; falling to 2.7% by day 3. PONV was the commonest side effect, being reported in 26.0%. Conclusions: As predicted, opiate consumption was low, with reassuring pain scores and minimal side effects. Study expansion, prospectively comparing intravenous demand-dosing techniques with enteral analgesic regimens should be the next step. Other outcomes such as user satisfaction and length of hospital stay would facilitate protocol establishment. ER  - 
Structural brain network reorganization in patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus have worse outcomes compared with those with systemic lupus erythematosus. A better understanding of the mechanisms of neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus could potentially improve diagnosis and management. The goal of this study was to investigate the differences in the structural brain network of patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus compared with patients with systemic lupus erythematosus by using brain connectivity analysis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We recruited 20 subjects for each patient cohort and age-matched healthy controls. The topology and efficiency of the network and the characteristics of various brain hubs were investigated by using brain connectivity analysis of diffusion MR imaging data. RESULTS: There were more extensive reorganizations in the structural brain network of patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus than in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. For example, the network of the former had significantly decreased clustering coefficient and local efficiency. They also had significantly lower nodal efficiency in the superior temporal gyrus (P = .046) and middle temporal gyrus (P = .041). CONCLUSIONS: Our results hint at a plausible relationship between the neuropsychiatric symptoms and reorganization of the structural brain network of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. Brain connectivity analysis may be a potential tool to subtype these patients. ER  - 
Baclofen poisoning in the intensive care unit: Clinical features and investigation of the relationships between the toxic encephalopathy and the plasma baclofen concentration$$$ Introduction Baclofen, a GABA-B receptor-agonist with muscle relaxant properties established since 1974, has been recently used at elevated doses to treat dependence to ethanol. The number of prescriptions has exponentially increased without an exact evaluation of its toxicity. We aimed to describe acute baclofen poisoning requiring intensive care unit (ICU) admission and study the relationships between the toxic encephalopathy and the plasma baclofen concentration. Patients and methods We conducted a single-centre retrospective study including all baclofen-poisoned patients admitted to the ICU in 2013-2016. When requested by the clinical situation, repeated electroencephalograms and measurements of the plasma baclofen concentrations were performed. Toxic EEG encephalopathy on a scale of zero to fve was graded according to the international rating system (Markand, 1984). Plasma baclofen concentration was determined using liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry in tandem developed with a Quantum Ultra apparatus (Thermo Fisher Scientifc) and electrospray source ionization in positive mode (limit of quantifcation: 5 ng/mL). Linear regression and Chi-2 or Mann-Whitney tests were used as requested for subgroup comparisons. Baclofen pharmacokinetics and the relationships between the toxic encephalopathy and the plasma baclofen concentration were modeled using WinNonlin software v.5.3 (Pharsight Corporation, CA). Results Twenty-eight patients (17 M/11F; age: 41 years [32; 49] (median [25th; 75th percentiles]) were included. Poisoning was mainly multidrug ingestion (92%) by suicidal attempt (63%) occurring in chronic alcoholic patients (71%). The presumed ingested dose of baclofen was 210 mg [109; 460] and the initial plasma concentration 1425 ng/mL [206; 2298]. Poisoning features included coma (Glasgow coma score: 3 [3; 11]) with hypotonia (46%), seizures (39%), abnormal pupil diameter (75%), sinus bradycardia (39%), aspiration pneumonia (21%) and EEG disturbances (43%) including the presence of burst suppressions, spikes, spike-waves, background slowing and even prolonged isoelectric trace in one severely poisoned patient. Management was supportive including mechanical ventilation (54%) which duration was related to the plasma concentration of baclofen (r2 = 0.67). One patient was dialyzed. No patient died. Baclofen halflives of elimination (7 h [4; 9]) were closed to the observed values reported at therapeutic doses. The relationship between baclofeninduced encephalopathy as a function of the baclofen concentrations was described using a sigmoidal Emax model. Conclusion Baclofen poisoning may be life-threatening. Toxic encephalopathy is well-described with EEG and its grade correlated to the baclofen concentration. Prescribers should be aware of the dangers of baclofen which benefts to treat dependence to alcohol are still lacking. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidity in African patients with epilepsy – Experience from Sierra Leone$$$ Objective Epilepsy is associated with a significant burden of psychiatric comorbidity, including depression and anxiety disorders. However, paucity of data exists regarding the impact of epilepsy on mental health of patients in the setting of sub-Saharan Africa, where these comorbidities are under-recognized and under-treated. We carried out a cross-sectional descriptive study to investigate the prevalence and determinants of depression and anxiety among people with epilepsy in Sierra Leone. Method A screening tool previously validated in the primary healthcare setting in Zambia was administered to adult patients in our epilepsy clinics in Freetown and Kenema, Sierra Leone. In addition, various socio-demographic and clinical characteristics were recorded for each patient. Results A total of 142 patients were included. The mean screening score was 16.3 out of 40, with 39 (27.5%) patients scoring above the diagnostic cut-off point for anxiety and/or depression. Variables showing a significant association with the presence of psychiatric comorbidity included female gender (p = 0.015), seizure frequency of >2 per month (p = 0.001), and self-reporting of sedation and/or dizziness as side effects of anti-epileptic medications (p = 0.006). Conclusion Symptoms of anxiety and depression are common in epilepsy patients in Sierra Leone. Given the significant negative impacts of such comorbidity on those affected, primary healthcare workers in sub-Saharan countries should be trained to inquire about anxiety and depression symptoms in epilepsy patients, and implementation of screening programs should be considered. ER  - 
Three-year retention rates of levetiracetam, topiramate, and oxcarbazepine: A retrospective hospital-based study$$$ Objectives: We evaluated and compared the 3-year retention rates of levetiracetam (LEV), topiramate (TPM), and oxcarbazepine (OXC) in patients with epilepsy in routine clinical practice. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed medical records of patients with epilepsy who were newly prescribed LEV, TPM, or OXC from 2006 to 2010. The retention rates were estimated by the Kaplan-Meier analysis, and independent risk factors for drug discontinuation were analyzed by the Cox regression method. Results: A total of 588 patients were included: LEV (n = 345), TPM (n = 190), and OXC (n = 53). Among them, 82% had focal epilepsy, whereas 14.8% had generalized epilepsy. The 3-year retention rates for LEV, TPM, and OXC, were 81.2%, 78.3%, and 54.7%, respectively. Levetiracetam and TPM had equivalent retention rates, whereas patients remained on OXC for a significantly shorter amount of time (P < 0.001). A lower retention rate for OXC was also evident in the subgroup analysis of focal epilepsy (P < 0.001). In generalized epilepsy, LEV and TPM revealed comparable retention rates (P = 0.255). The seizure-freedom rate did not differ among groups, whereas the rate of adverse effects leading to drug withdrawal of OXC (87.5%) was higher than that of LEV (34.4%, P < 0.001) and TPM (52.5%, P = 0.012). Conclusions: The current study suggested that LEV and TPM had comparable retention profiles in the long-term treatment for both focal and generalized epilepsy.Meanwhile,OXC therapy seemed to be relatively less useful because of its poor tolerability. ER  - 
Autism spectrum disorder in a community-based sample with neurodevelopmental problems in Lagos, Nigeria$$$ Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) is a globally prevalent neurodevelopmental disorder for which early diagnosis and intervention is the mainstay of management. In the African continent, limited data is available regarding the non-clinic based samples. Lack of information available to caregivers and inadequate skilled manpower often limit early detection and access to the few available though under resourced services in the community. Community based screening can be an important drive to create awareness and improve information dissemination regarding services available for those living with this disorder. This is a descriptive cross-sectional study utilizing data obtained from participants of a community-based autism screening exercise. The surveillance exercise was part of the annual Orange Ribbon initiative for autism awareness and screening held in 2014. Data was obtained from 85 participants involved in the Autism Surveillance screening exercise within the Lagos community. Community public service radio announcements state wide and word of mouth were used to invite and enroll eligible participants to the screening and consultation exercise. A second stage screening and a brief sociodemographic questionnaire followed by a third stage clinical interview and evaluation using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders - 5 Edition (DSM 5) were used. Appropriate consultation and referrals to services in the community were given. Participants had a mean age of 7.53 years (SD 4.35). Twenty-nine (34.5%) met the diagnosis of ASD. Other diagnosis included attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), language and speech disorder, intellectual disability (8.3%) and learning disorders (9.5%). Main health concerns to caregivers were poor language development in all (100%), of which 11 (40.7%) were non-verbal; gaze avoidance was seen in 14 (48.3%) and challenging behavior in 12 (42.9%). Comorbidities included seizure disorders (3.4%) and ADHD (6.9%). Persons with autism had history of ASD behavior more often when compared to the other neurodevelopmental disorders and these findings were statistically significant. Referrals were given to caregivers to engage in services within the community. As seen in this study, community understanding of ASD is poor in such locations, in which many persons with other neurodevelopmental disorders are often presented as having autism. Caregivers in the study location are distressed by many symptoms associated with autism and their comorbid conditions. Currently there is an evident role for frequent large scale community based screening and autism awareness exercises possibly using inter-sectoral collaboration as a strategy. ER  - 
A hospital based cross sectional study on comorbid psychiatric problems in persons with epilepsy from north eastern part of India$$$ Context The relationship between epilepsy and psychiatric disorders has been recognized for a long time. Psychiatric disturbances like depression, anxiety disorder, psychosis, panic disorder, suicidal behavior etc are associated with epilepsy. Different demographic and clinical factors are associated with the onset of these psychiatric disturbances. Aims To study the prevalence of psychiatric comorbidity in persons with epilepsy. Also assess the different demographic and clinical factors and its relation with the presence of psychiatric comorbidity in persons with epilepsy. Settings and design It was a cross sectional observational study. Methods and material Diagnosed cases of epilepsy, attending Epilepsy Clinic, fulfilling the inclusion and exclusion criteria were recruited for the study. Patients were evaluated with Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI) to see their psychiatric comorbidities and also the socio-demographic and clinical factors were assessed Statistical analysis used SPSS version 23.0 for Windows and Graph Pad InStat software trial version 3.1 was used for analysis. Results Psychiatric comorbidity was seen in 50% subjects with comorbid with epilepsy. Depression 18%, Psychosis 14% and Anxiety Disorders 11%, were the most commonly found psychiatric morbidities. Presence of partial seizures, frequent seizures, long duration of epilepsy and poor compliance to antiepileptic drug were significantly associated with presence of psychiatric comorbidity in persons with epilepsy. Conclusions Psychiatric comorbidities are very common in epilepsy. Psychosis associated with epilepsy is seen more in hospital settings. Depression and anxiety though commonly reported in studies are less commonly presented to tertiary care settings. ER  - 
Identifying the incidence of rash, Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis in patients taking lamotrigine: A systematic review of 122 randomized controlled trials$$$ Lamotrigine is an antiepileptic drug used for the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder and numerous off-label uses. The development of rash significantly affects its use. The most concerning of these adverse reactions is Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis. We performed a systematic review of randomized controlled trials using lamotrigine as a monotherapy to quantify the incidence of cutaneous reactions, particularly Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis. Of a total of 4,364 papers regarding lamotrigine, 122 studies met our inclusion and exclusion criteria. In total, 18,698 patients were included with 1,570 (8.3%) of patients experiencing an adverse dermatologic reaction. The incidence of Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis was 0.04%. ER  - 
Accidental poisoning in children aged under 6 years old admitted in pediatric intensive care unit: For which toxic?$$$ Introduction Accidental acute intoxications are part of pediatric medical emergencies of our hospital experience. Children are most at risk of accidental poisoning due to characteristics of their development and their environment. Our Goal is to point to the toxic substances involved and to draw up the outcome profile in these patients. Patients and methods Retrospective study, covering all poisoning cases occurred in children under 6 years old and admitted to PICU in the university hospital Oran. We specified the characteristics of children, the nature of the toxic, symptoms on admission, the therapeutic aspect, the evolutionary mode and length of hospital stay. The duration of our study was to 4 years, from 2011 to 2015. Results In those years, the ICU admitted 365 poisonings occurring in children. They represent 13% of all admissions and 71% (260 children) under 6 years old. The average age of addicts was 5.08 ± 1.36 years old with a male predominance. All product types were involved in the poisoning. According to data, 72% caustic toxic (189 cases) followed by drug poisoning (in 28 cases) and it is basically a case of psychotropic and narcotic (01 case), and then in descending order are rodenticides poison (19 cases), organophosphorus insecticides like (11 cases), Hydrocarbon (7 cases) ingestion of plants (3 cases), making cosmetics (2 cases) and poisoning of industrial glue (01 cases). Upon arrival at the hospital, 68% of young children had gastrointestinal disorders, and 2.3% had neurological disorders (seizures, ataxia and abnormal movements), 1.1% were in respiratory distress. After observation for most children, symptomatic treatment was introduced, 6 patients have been put under non invasive ventilation, intubation and mechanical ventilation was required in 01 patient for 16 days also put under Hemodynamic Support. The outcome was favorable with an average hospital stay of 28 h in survivors, and 01 death occurred following an ingestion of hydrocarbons. Discussion Children in pre-school age are often at risk of domestic accidents in relation to their age and environment. They ingest products wrongly deconditioned or transferred into current use containers. These by catch happen to be in the kitchen at a large household or in the bathroom. They also ingest drugs for adults and thus higher dosage: these drugs are too easily left to reach those children who are not suspected faculties to identify seize and swallow what they take to candy. A study in India positioned intoxication hydrocarbons 1st place (50.9%), followed by organophosphates (11.9%), medication and caustic identify (4.8%) cases each [1]. In Oran (Algeria) taking caustic remains at the level of poisoning in children. Overall mortality by poisoning is lower in children compared to adults. (The products in question are heterogeneous drugs, household products, plants, pesticides) We recorded 01 death secondary to acute respiratory distress syndrome following ingestion by siphoning gasoline. Conclusion At the end of our study, it appears that the acute poisoning in children is a very common event. However, developments remain favorable in most cases. This should not obscure the potential severity of the poisoning, nor lose sight of the necessary prophylactic measures. This prophylaxis should include education of the population, prevention of certain tragedies related to toxins or aberrant behavior, and triggering alerts to reduce morbidity and mortality related to poisoning. Our ACCIPED laboratory medical university Oran for a future mission secondary and tertiary prevention through continuous training for general practitioners, to respond to any request for advice on diagnosis and treatment of these accidents, assess risk through telemedicine and through a website continuously 24 h/24 h. ER  - 
Reduction in seizure frequency, improved motor and cognitive skills associated with use of NMDA receptor antagonist ketamine in Rett syndrome$$$ Objective: Rett syndrome (RTT) is associated with stagnation and then regression of motor and communication skills, breathing abnormalities and seizures. Studies in mouse models with RTT have shown that sub-anaesthetic doses of ketamine, a NMDA receptor antagonist, are highly effective at ameliorating these effects. Methods: A 10 year old child with RTT and drug-resistant epilepsy was on topiramate, carbamazepine, clobazam and the ketogenic diet, with Levetiracetam used for focal seizures with progression to tonic clonic seizures. She presented with a 3 day history of 4-6 clusters each lasting 20-60 minutes that was unresponsive to standard therapy. She was started on oral ketamine 0.75 mg/kg bd for 5 days. This was repeated for a single further cluster after 2 months. Seizure frequency and effects on motor and communication skills were reported by the parents, school, video footage and clinic. EEG and ABR. Results: Comparing the 6 months before and after ketamine, the number of days admission with seizures reduced from 34 to 7. In the last 5 months there has been 1 cluster that was managed at home. Motor function has improved from regular wheelchair use to independently walking 1.5Km. The hands are separated for greater periods allowing precision to point and pick up chips as well as use sign language. Communication via a yes/no switch has progressed to shaking or nodding her head and by 5 word sequencing using a PODD book. Auditory Brain Responses were normal. Conclusions: Durable improvements in this patient are consistent with the ability of NMDA receptor antagonists to rapidly trigger mechanisms of neuronal plasticity and synaptic remodelling. Similar changes are thought to contribute to the ability of short-term ketamine treatment to produce sustained benefit in patients with major depression. Ketamine is subject of an NIH trial in human RTT. ER  - 
Acute health problems due to recreational drug use in patients presenting to an urban emergency department in Switzerland$$$ Objective: To describe the frequency and acute medical problems due to recreational drug use in patients presenting to an emergency department in Switzerland during a 4-year period with a focus on novel psychoactive substances. Methods: Retrospective analysis of cases presenting from May 2012 to April 2016 at the emergency department of the University Hospital of Bern with symptoms/signs consistent with acute toxicity due to self-reported or suspected recreational drug use. The cases were retrieved using a comprehensive full-text search algorithm. Isolated ethanol intoxications were excluded. Results: During the study period, 503 of the 157,328 emergency department attendances were directly related to acute toxicity of substances used recreationally. The mean patient age was 33 years (range 16-74) and 68% were male. Alcohol co-ingestion was reported in 54% of the cases. Use of more than one recreational drug was reported in 37% of the cases and in 35% of the cases more than one substance was analytically detected. Most presentations were related to cocaine (29%), cannabis (26%), heroin (20%) and benzodiazepines/sedatives (18%). Excluding opioids and benzodiazepines, the most common recreationally used prescription drugs were methylphenidate (3%), antipsychotics (1%), dextromethorphan (1%), antidepressants (1%), monoamine oxidase inhibitors (1%), and antihistamines (0.6%). Urine drug screening using an immunoassay was available in 277 cases (55%). The most frequently detected substances were cannabis (29%), cocaine (22%), benzodiazepines (21%) and opioids excluding methadone (20%). There were only two intoxications with novel substances: One case with methylone (self-reported, immunoassay negative) and one with 2,5-dimethoxy-4(n)-propylphenethylamine (2C-P) sold as 2,5-dimethoxy-4-bromophenethylamine (2C-B) (immunoassay negative, 2C-P detected with liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry), both of moderate severity. The majority of patients (58%) had impaired consciousness (Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) <15) upon presentation and/or prehospital, 21% were unconscious (GCS <8). Other frequent symptoms were agitation (36%), tachycardia (29%), and anxiety (24%). Severe complications included two fatalities (one cerebral hypoxia after methadone intake and one cerebral infarction with analytical confirmation of cocaine and cannabis), three acute myocardial infarctions, two intracranial hemorrhages, as well as psychosis and seizures in 71 and 26 cases, respectively. Conclusion: Most medical problems related to recreational drug use were related to cocaine and cannabis use and were mainly characterized by central nervous system depression, sympathomimetic toxicity and/or psychiatric disorders. Acute toxicities related to novel psychoactive substances appear to be uncommon. ER  - 
Recurrent seizures following a paroxetine overdose in an infant$$$ Objective: Paroxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) prescribed for the treatment of depression and anxiety disorders. There is limited information concerning the clinical manifestations of paediatric paroxetine poisoning. Here we report a case of paroxetine poisoning in a child. Case report: A one-month old infant was referred to a peripheral hospital because she had a one minute long, self-limiting episode of generalised tonic-clonic seizure, with dyspnea and cyanosis. Her mother reported that the first episode occurred 3 hour earlier, while being breast fed. Between these episodes the baby was drowsy and unresponsive to stimulation. Four hours after hospital admission she experienced three consecutive generalized clonic seizures more prominent over the right arm which required intramuscular administration of phenobarbital 80 mg. Due to her condition, the baby was transferred to the Neurology Unit of Meyer Children's Hospital, the regional reference centre for paediatric neurological diseases. During the admission, it was determined that she had accidentally been given a number of drops equivalent to 20mg of paroxetine (approximately an adult dose) instead of the anti-foaming agent simethicone by her aunt. At the time of admission the baby was still drowsy but more responsive to stimuli. Clinical examination revealed mydriasis, clonus and sialorrhoea. Continuous electroencephalogram (EEG) monitoring showed frequent epileptiform dischargers with low amplitude spike-waves over the fronto-temporal regions. An electrocardiogram (ECG) performed during recovery was considered normal for her age. Qualitative blood plasma, performed after discharge through gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GCMS) analysis, was positive for paroxetine. Standard blood chemistries were normal. During recovery the child's condition slowly improved without any new seizure episodes. After 8 days the baby was discharged with phenobarbital 6 mg twice daily gradually reducing the dosage during follow up control after 1 month. Conclusion: Paroxetine is not approved for use in pediatric patients and safety and effectiveness in the pediatric population have not been established. Paroxetine overdose effects include sedation, constipation, CNS depression, serotonergic syndrome, sinus tachycardia, seizures, QRS complex prolongation and EEG alterations [1]. Major symptoms are likely to occur in poor metab-olizer conditions such as immature liver. Due to these considerations, it is essential to pay greater attention when very young children are exposed to an SSRI. ER  - 
Clinical features in emergency department patients with analytically confirmed intake of ADB-CHMINACA: A case series from the prospective study SPICE II plus$$$ Objective: The synthetic cannabinoid (SC) ADB-CHMINACA, an indazole-based valine derivative carrying a cyclohexylmethyl side chain, appeared on the European drug market in 2015. The compound is an agonist with high affinity at the cannabinoid receptor type 1 (CB1) receptor (Ki = 0.3 nM), therefore posing the risk of acute side effects. We describe clinical features of patients with analytically confirmed intake of ADB-CHMINACA. Methods: Cases are from a prospective observational study of patients treated in emergency departments (ED) after recreational use of SC. Patients were recruited after informed consent was obtained. Clinical features were recorded using a structured questionnaire. Serum and/or urine specimens were analyzed using liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS/MS) for SC and their metabolites. Only cases with analytically confirmed intake of ADB-CHMINACA were included. Severity of poisoning was evaluated according to the Poisoning Severity Score (PSS). Results: There were 14 patients (12 male, 2 female, 17-46 years), treated in the ED because of acute adverse effects. ADB-CHMINACA was identified in 13 (10) serum (urine) samples from March 2015 to May 2016. Concentration in serum varied from 0.22 to 31 ng/mL (median 0.49ng/mL). In 7 cases more than one SC was found (4 times in urine samples only). Amphetamine derivatives were detected in 6 cases. PSS was moderate (8) or severe (6). Ten patients reported panic attacks (predominantly within 2-30 minutes after intake). Clinical features included tachycardia (n = 9), recurrent vomiting (n = 7), agitation (n = 7), somnolence, disorientation, aggressiveness and shivering (each 6), dyspnea (n = 5), seizures (n = 2), bradycardia (n = 2), double vision (n = 1), and psychosis (n = 1). Elevation of creatine kinase (CK, n = 6) and of creatinine (n = 4), hyperkalemia (n = 2), and hypoglycemia (47 mg/dL, n = 1) were also recorded. One patient developed posterior reversible encephalopathic syndrome (PRES), with recovery after 4 days. Extreme agitation and rioting was followed by muscle hematomas, rhabdomyolysis (maximum CK 166,000 U/L) and renal impairment (creatinine 1.7 mg/dL) in one case. A 25-year-old required mechanical ventilation after aspiration. All patients recovered. Conclusion: Clinical features in patients with analytically confirmed intake of SC are similar to former reports, but there are also differences like the predominance of panic attacks (71%). In addition, the frequency of aggressiveness, agitation and shivering (each 43%) is unexpectedly high. In contrast to former reports of hypokalemia and hyperglycemia after SC use, our patients had hyperkalemia and hypoglycemia. Furthermore, PRES has yet not been described after SC consumption. ADB-CHMINACA seems to have a higher potential of toxicity than first generation SC of the aminoalkylindole type. ER  - 
Clinical and social features in acute organophosphate pesticide poisoning in school children: A 5-year retrospective study$$$ Objective: To highlight the clinical picture and social consequences in acute organophosphate pesticide poisoning in school children. Methods: We performed a 5-year retrospective study of the medical records of children with acute organophosphate poisoning admitted in our hospital. The following criteria were taken into consideration: age, implicated product, route of exposure, clinical manifestations, length of hospitalization and number of missed school days. Results: In total, 58 students with acute accidental organophosphate pesticide poisoning were admitted in our hospital between January 2011 and September 2016. The distribution by age was 7-12 years old (n = 31, 49.2%) and 13-18 years old (n = 27, 42.8%). Dimethoate was implicated in 43 patients (74.1%), fenthion in 6 patients (10.3%) and malathion in 4 students (6.9%). The route of exposure was inhalation in 45 patients (77.5%) and ingestion in 13 students (22.4%). The poisoning was accidental in all cases. Of the total number of 58 patients, respiratory and digestive signs occurred in 18 cases (31%), respiratory, digestive and neurological signs (hallucinations, seizures) in 34 patients (58.6%) and cardiovascular signs in 2 patients (3.4%). The treatment was guided by the clinical picture because it was not possible to determine serum pseudocholinesterase activity. All the patients survived without sequelae. The length of hospitalization was 7.4 ± 0.55 days and the period of absence from the school was 18.7 ± 0.8 days, meaning about 93 school class days. The costs of epidemiologic and investigational research and decontamination of premises where the poisoning occurred but except medical transport and hospitalization could not be measured. Conclusion: Although the clinical manifestations in acute accidental organophosphate poisoning in children are varied and severe, early and adequate treatment, even in absence of serum pseudocholinesterase determination can lead to the patients' recovery. Material, social and intellectual costs except those of hospitalization and medical transport are difficult to measure in situations. ER  - 
Baclofen poisoning in the intensive care unit: Clinical features and investigation of the relationships between toxic encephalopathy and the plasma baclofen concentration$$$ Objective: Baclofen, a GABA-B receptor agonist with muscle relaxant properties used since 1974, has been recently used at elevated doses to treat ethanol dependence. The number of prescriptions has exponentially increased without an exact evaluation of its toxicity. We aimed to describe acute baclofen poisoning requiring intensive care unit (ICU) admission and study the relationships between toxic encephalopathy and plasma baclofen concentrations. Methods: We conducted a single-centre retrospective study including all baclofen-poisoned patients admitted to the ICU in 2013-2016. When requested by the clinical situation, repeated electroencephalograms (EEG) and measurements of the plasma baclofen concentrations were performed. Toxic EEG encephalopathy on a scale of 0 to 5 was graded according to the international rating system [1]. Plasma baclofen concentration was determined using liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry in tandem developed with a Quantum Ultra apparatus (Thermo Fisher Scientific) and electrospray source ionization in positive mode (limit of quantification: 5 ng/mL). Linear regression and chi-squared or Mann-Whitney tests were used as requested for subgroup comparisons. Baclofen pharmacokinetics and the relationship between the toxic encephalopathy and the plasma concentration were modeled using WinNonlin software v.5.3 (Pharsight Corporation, CA). Results: Twenty-eight patients (17 males, 11 females; age 41 years [32; 49] (median [25th; 75th percentiles]) were included. Poisoning was mainly multidrug ingestion (92%) by suicide attempt (63%) occurring in chronic alcoholic patients (71%). The presumed ingested dose of baclofen was 210 mg [109; 460] and the initial plasma concentration 1425 ng/mL [206; 2298]. Poisoning features included coma (Glasgow coma score 3 [3; 11]) with hypotonia (46%), seizures (39%), abnormal pupil diameter (75%), sinus bradycardia (39%), aspiration pneumonia (21%) and EEG disturbances (43%) including the presence of burst suppressions, spikes, spike-waves, background slowing and even prolonged isoelectric trace in one severely poisoned patient. Management was supportive including mechanical ventilation (54%); the duration was related to the plasma concentration of baclofen (r2 = 0.67). One patient was dialyzed. No patient died. Baclofen half-lives of elimination (7 hours [4; 9]) were close to the observed values reported at therapeutic doses. The relationship between baclofen-induced encephalopathy as a function of the baclofen concentration was described using a sigmoidal Emax model. Conclusion: Baclofen poisoning may be life-threatening. Toxic encephalopathy is well-described with EEG observations and its grade correlated to the baclofen concentration. Prescribers should be aware of the dangers of baclofen, particularly as the benefits to treat alcohol dependence are still lacking. ER  - 
Long-term efficacy and safety of lamotrigine: Results from the open-label extension of the lamotrigine monotherapy study in adult japanese patients with epilepsy$$$ To investigate the efficacy and safety of long-term lamotrigine monotherapy, 22 Japanese patients (19 with newly diagnosed epilepsy and 3 with recurrent epilepsy) were enrolled in the extension phase of the study after completion of 30 weeks of lamotrigine treatment. More than 80% of patients remaining at each time point achieved seizure-free status at all time points up to week 120 in the extension phase. No unexpected adverse events were reported. Our findings suggest that long-term lamotrigine monotherapy appears to be effective and generally well tolerated in adult Japanese patients with partial seizures and generalized tonic-clonic seizures. ER  - 
Vascular endothelial growth factor g1612a (rs10434) gene polymorphism and neuropsychiatric manifestations in systemic lupus erythematosus patients$$$ Aim: To investigate the relation between vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) genepolymorphism in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients and lupus related neuropsy-chiatric manifestations. Patients and methods: Sixty adult SLE patients recruited from the Rheumatology and Neurol-ogy departments of Cairo University hospitals were classified into two groups; Group A: 30patients with neuropsychiatric manifestations (NPSLE) and Group B: 30 patients without. For both groups the SNP G1612A (rs10434) of the VEGF gene was genotyped by real timepolymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR).Results: Statistically significant difference was found in genotype and allele frequenciesbetween both groups (AA [70% vs 13.3%, p < 0.001] and GG [10% vs 66.7%, p < 0.001]).Conclusion: Polymorphism in the gene coding for VEGF may be associated with increasedincidence of neuropsychiatric lupus in SLE patients. ER  - 
Interoperability applied to pharmaceutical care in patients with renal failure: Effectiveness and safety of drug dosing$$$ Background: The complexity of the use of drugs in patients with kidney disease requires developing methodologies for efficient care avoiding Drug Related Problems (DRP). Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of Pharmaceutical Interventions (PI) in patients with Renal Failure (RF) and drugs that require adjustment in RF. Method: retrospective and controlled study. A software (SONAR) based on interoperability (integration of information from different applications) was applied at three periods: PO: prior to tool implementation; P1 : at the beginning of the implementation, P2: one year after implementation. Effectiveness and safety analysis was made in levofloxacin, metoclopramide, ranitidine and metformin (these drugs were common to all three periods and had a broad number of PI). Results: For selected drugs: the drug's toxicity in accepted PI is reduced (p <0.05) while maintaining effectiveness (p >0.05). PI most relevant were in levofloxacin, women, cardiovascular disease, advanced age patient (>87 years) and treatment >10 days. Conclusion: SONAR decreases toxicity while maintaining the effectiveness of the drugs in those patients in which PI were made. Increases the detection efficiency of DRP. Replacing the limited evidence on clinical impact of PI in patients with RF. ER  - 
Unilateral continuous spike and waves during slow sleep (CSWS): Clinical and sleep EEG features$$$ Introduction: Continuous spikes and wave during slow sleep (CSWS) is an age-related epileptic encephalopathy of childhood that is often associated with sleep-related seizures, neurocognitive regression, and an EEG pattern characterized by the dominant presence of bilateral spike-wave discharges during sleep. While focal and lateralized electrographic features have been described in association with this entity, there is little known about the clinical and sleep EEG features of unilateral CSWS. Methods: A retrospective analysis of consecutive 21+-channel pediatric sleep EEG studies at our institution from the years 2011-2016 was performed. If unilateral CSWS was demonstrated, medical charts were then subsequently reviewed for clinical information that included chief complaint and reason for EEG; neurodevelopmental history; neurobehavioral and neuropsychiatric co-morbidities; neurological exam features; and neuroimaging study findings. Results: Out of a total of 5,190 consecutive pediatric sleep EEG studies performed over this 6-year period, only 4 children (or 0.08%) demonstrated unilateral CSWS (2M;2F; aged 3-3-8.5 years). All but one of these children demonstrated a well-controlled sleep-related seizure disorder that was largely responsive to a singular seizure medication. In addition, all of these childen demonstrated normal speech and language development; an absence of attention deficits or any neurobehavioral or neuropsychiatric co-morbidities; a non-lateralized neurological examination; and a completely normal or benign MR neuroimaging study. Their EEG patterns were characterized by the unilateral and dominant presence of moderate-to-high amplitude spike-wave discharges exclusively relegated to an isolated cerebral hemisphere (3L;1R), while occupying more than 85% of the recording during sustained non-REM sleep; as well as a broad field of involvement that included the ipsilateral parietal and/or frontal regions. Conclusion: Unilateral CSWS is a rare electroclinical entity that is typically associated with a well-controlled sleep-related seizure disorder. It may be differentiated clinically from bilateral CSWS by a relatively intact neurodevelopment and neurocognition; an age-appropriate language development; and an absence of neurobehavioral abnormalities and attention deficits. It may be distinguished electrographically from the more common benign focal epilepsies of childhood by their broader field of involvement throughout the hemisphere; the absence of independent contralateral spike-wave discharges; and their dominant expression during sustained non-REM sleep. ER  - 
Effects of morning bright light therapy on circadian activity rhythms in lung cancer survivors$$$ Introduction: Robustness and stability in circadian rhythms indicate well-entrained circadian function. Cancer patients and survivors often experience dampened circadian activity rhythms (CAR) that are associated with, insomnia, fatigue and poor quality of life. Lung cancer survivors (LCS) have the worse patterns for CAR among cancer survivorship. Chronobiological interventions such as bright light therapy (BLT) have been implemented to re-entrain circadian rhythms, and prevent the worsening of fatigue in breast and gynecological cancer patients. However, this intervention is yet to be tested in LCS. Methods: A randomized controlled trial to explored the effects of morning BLT on CAR in LCS. Fourteen non-small cell lung cancer survivors (NSCLC), stage I-III were randomly assigned into experimental (green-blue) and attention control (red-yellow) light intervention groups. Individuals with macular degeneration, glaucoma, bipolar disease, seizure disorder or other psychiatric conditions were excluded. Demographic information and chronotype (Morningness and Eveningness Questionnaire) were assessed at pre-test. Pre and posttest comparison on visual acuity (Snellen visual acuity chart), fatigue (Brief Fatigue Inventory), and insomnia (Insomnia Severity Index) were performed along with a fiveweek assessment of CAR with wrist actigraphy (2-week pre-test, 1-week of intervention, and 2-week posttest). Data were analyzed using a t-test, ANCOVA, and non-parametric analysis as appropriate. Results: Preliminary data on four participants shows predominance of female 83.3% (n=3), older age 66.03.5 (SD 7.8, range=53-82), Caucasian-non-Hispanic 100% (n=4) with evening chronotype (100%, n=4), moderate to severe fatigue 66.7% (n=3) and clinically significant insomnia 66.7% (n=3). Participants had CAR patterns similar to free-running rhythms at pre-test but exhibited entrainment when exposure to morning green-blue light. No changes in visual acuity and no side effects were reported. Conclusion: This study in ongoing. Disrupted patterns of CAR may be associated with decreased light exposure. Morning BLT may be effective to re-entrain and strengthen circadian rhythms leading to better quality better sleep quality and overall quality of life. ER  - 
Concurrent electroconvulsive therapy and bupropion treatment$$$ Background: Bupropion is associated with a dose-dependent increased risk of seizures. Use of concomitant bupropion and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains controversial because of an increased risk of prolonged seizures. This is the first systematic evaluation of the effect of bupropion on ECT. Methods: A case group (n = 119), patients treated with concomitant ECT and bupropion, was compared with an age and gender frequency-matched control group (n = 261), treated with only ECT. Electroconvulsive therapy treatment data including seizure length, number of treatments, and concurrent medications were extracted. Longitudinal mixed models examined ECT versus ECT + bupropion group differences over the course of treatments measured by seizure duration (electroencephalogram [EEG] and motor). Multivariable models examined the total number of treatments and first and last seizure duration. All models considered group differences with ECT treatment measures adjusted for age, gender, benzodiazepine treatment, lead placement, and setting. Results: Electroconvulsive therapy treatment with bupropion led to shorter motor seizure duration (0.047) and EEG seizure duration (P = 0.001). The number of ECT treatments (7.3 vs 7.0 treatments; P = 0.23), respectively, or the probability of a prolonged seizure (P = 0.15) was not significantly different. Benzodiazepine use was significantly more common in control subjects (P = 0.01). Limitations: This is a retrospective analysis limited in part by unavailable variables (seizure threshold, nature of EEG and motor seizure monitoring, type of ECT device, dosing and formulation of bupropion, and duration of the current depressive illness). Conclusions: This study revealed a significantly shorter duration in seizure length with ECT + concomitant bupropion, but not in the number of required treatments in those treated compared with ECT without bupropion. There remains a critical need to reevaluate the efficacy of concomitant use of psychotropic medications + ECT. ER  - 
Degree of postictal suppression depends on seizure induction time in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objectives: Anesthesia is required for both magnetic seizure therapy (MST) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), although it has anticonvulsant properties. In this case, bispectral index (BIS) monitoring, a specific electroencephalogram-derived monitoring, can be used to find the optimal seizure induction time during anesthesia to elicit adequate seizures. A measurement of seizure adequacy in electroencephalogram is the postictal suppression. The purpose of this study was to investigate the influence of seizure induction time on the degree of postictal suppression by comparing BIS versus no-BIS monitoring in MST and ECT. Methods: Twenty patients with treatment-resistant depression were randomly assigned to either MST or ECT. Each patient underwent 3 treatments with the determination of seizure induction time by defined prestimulation BIS (BIS condition) and 3 treatments with determination of seizure induction time by controlled clinical trial protocol (no-BIS condition). Statistical analysis was calculated by repeated-measures analysis of variance. Results: The degree of postictal suppression was more pronounced in both MST and ECT, with BIS monitoring. In this connection, no differences between MST and ECTwere found. Seizure induction time was significantly later in the BIS condition (181.3 ± 6 seconds) compared with the no-BIS condition (114.3 ± 12 seconds) (P < 0.001). Conclusions: Adequacy of seizures, in the form of the degree of postictal suppression, was superior by determining the seizure induction time with BIS in both MST and ECT. Further research is needed to investigate the correlation between the degree of postictal suppression and treatment response. ER  - 
Cannabis use and health effects$$$ Cannabis is the most widely used illicit substance worldwide, and approximately 3 out of 10 users in the United States develop cannabis use disorder (CUD). The potency of THC, the primary psychoactive compound in cannabis, has been rising steadily over the past few decades. Despite the high prevalence of cannabis use, scientific investigation on cannabis use patterns, health effects, and other functional outcomes has been limited. Chaired by Dr. Christine Grella, this symposium will highlight current knowledge on cannabis epidemiology, psychosocial and health effects, as well as evidence-based treatment interventions for CUD. The symposium will conclude with a summary and discussion facilitated byDr.KarenMiotto. Dr. Mary Lynn Brecht will describe trends for selected indicators of marijuana use and consequences, including treatment admissions, mortality, hospital emergency department admissions, and law enforcement drug seizures. Using multimodal imaging to assess cannabis abusers, Dr. Gene-Jack Wang will present findings on effects of cannabis in brain dopamine systems. Dr. Larissa Mooney will describe the pharmacology of cannabis, with a focus on potential therapeutic and adverse effects and functional outcomes in cannabis users. Psychosocial outcomes associated with cannabis use will be discussed, including those related to school performance, employment, and criminal activity. Common psychiatric symptoms and disorders in cannabis users will be reviewed, including early use as a risk factor for development of psychosis. Medical conditions associated with cannabis use will be discussed, and an overview of potential therapeutic uses of medical cannabis will be provided. An overview of behavioral and pharmacological treatment interventions for CUD will be presented by Dr. Itai Danovich. The diagnosis of CUD using DSM-5 criteria will be reviewed, and common psychiatric disorders in individuals with CUD will be reviewed with a focus on treatment implications. Though there are no current approved medications for cannabis use disorder, results of clinical pharmacotherapy trials to date will be discussed, with an emphasis on medications that have demonstrated potential efficacy or promise in CUD treatment. Evidence-based behavioral interventions for CUD will also be summarized. ER  - 
Diagnosing death with diatoms: A retrospective study of forensic cases in Himachal Pradesh, India$$$ Background: Diatoms found inside the body of a drowned victim may serve as corroborative evidence in the diagnosis of cause of death. Diatom has proved to be the only golden standard for diagnosis and confirmation of drowning deaths whether the drowning was ante-mortem or post-mortem. Methods: The study was based on the cases of death due to drowning received from three districts of Northern Range of Himachal Pradesh, India during the period of five years from Ist January, 2010 to 31st December, 2015 for diatom test. A total of 66 human cases were examined for detection of diatoms. The detailed information regarding cause of death, socio-demographic factors and other associated information was gathered. The acid digestion method accepted worldwide for diatom extraction was used. Results: Male victims predominated (75.75%). Most common affected age group was 21-40 years (53.02%). The youngest victim was a girl of 4 years age who drowned accidentally in a water tank, while the oldest victim being a 86 years old who fell accidently in a river. Married victims contributed to 33 (50.0%) and unmarried to 21 (31.81%). 13 (19.69%) drowning cases belonged to students followed by labourers (18.18%) and housewives (15.15%). The highest reported cases of drowning were from the rural areas (65.15%) followed by urban areas (16.66%). Majority (81.81%) of the victims drowned in fresh water. The incidences of drowning were more in water of natural flowing streams (khuds) (31.81%) followed by rivers (22.72%), nullahs/rivulets (12.12%), wells (9.09%), kuhls/water channels (7.57%), canals (6.06%), ponds (3.03%), water tanks (3.03%) and check dam, dam and waterfall in one each (4.54%) respectively. Accidental drowning was the most common cause of death (37.87%). Highest (51.51%) percentage of drowning cases was noticed during the months of monsoon/rainy season. Blood on mouth and nostrils was present in 14 (21.21%), froth from mouth, nose, larynx and trachea in 35 (53.03%) cases. Diatom-test was found positive in 62 (93.93%) cases. The results of the study revealed the occurrence of various varieties of diatoms in water bodies of northern region of Himachal Pradesh. The most common diatom genera detected were Navicula (86.36%). Conclusion: The study concluded that diatoms are amongst the important biological forensic evidences in diagnosing the cause and place of death due to drowning. Gender based examination revealed higher percentage of males involved in drowning fatalities and the accidental submersion was the commonest manner of death. ER  - 
Predisposing factors responsible for the occurrence of bacterial purulent meningoencephalitis$$$ Bacterial purulent meningoencephalitis (BPME) is a life-threatening infectious disease caused by various pyogenic bacteria. The disease is defined as the inflammatory process of leptomeninges (visceral layer, pia mater and arachnoid membrane) and brain parenchyma with exudates in the subarachnoid space and surrounding brain structures. The aim of the study was to define the predisposing factors responsible for the occurrence of BPME, as well as the possible correlation between the presence of predisposing factors and patient demographic characteristics, etiology and outcome of the disease. This retrospective-prospective study included 90 patients with BPME confirmed by clinical, neuroradiological and laboratory findings. Multivariate logistic regression models were fitted to analyze the impact of the predisposing factors on the disease outcomes. Predisposing factors that were related to BPME were found in 61% of patients. Cranial trauma as the leading factor was recorded in 23.3% of patients, followed by previous neurological disease in 14.4% of patients, while 13 patients were exposed to previous chemotherapy or long-term corticosteroid therapy. Cardiovascular diseases were reported in 12.2% and diabetes in 7.8% of patients. The existence of cardiovascular diseases significantly influenced unfavorable outcome of the disease, i.e. "deceased" in comparison to "cured" (OR=8.418; 95% CI=1.007-76.270), independently of age and gender. None of the examined predisposing factors was significantly related to the "recovered with sequels" outcome as compared with "cured" outcome. Older age and presence of cardiovascular disease as a predisposing factor significantly increased the odds of the BPME unfavorable outcome "deceased" as compared to "cured" outcome. ER  - 
Six-month outcomes of tractography targeted subgenual cingulate DBS for treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: The subgenual cingulate (SGC) is an investigational target for DBS in treatment-resistant depresion (TRD). Case series have reported 40-60% response rates, however a large industry sponsored randomized sham controlled trial failed futility analysis and closed accrual prematurely. In 2013, we developed an open label study to examine the safety and efficacy of SGC DBS using two types of stimulation (long pulse width or high amplitude) and targeted the confluence of uncinate, frontothalamic, cingulate and forceps minor using 3T MR tractography. Methods: In this pilot study of bilateral SGC-DBS we enrolled 23 patients with TRD (12M: 11F, mean age 47, range 23-69) into two different DBS protocols: 'short pw', where we increased amplitude (from 4-8 V, keeping pulse width at 90 μs, 130 Hz); 'long pw', where we increased pulse width (from 210-450 μs, keeping 3 V, 130 Hz) monthly based on response. Non-responders at 6 months were crossed over to the other stimulation protocol for another 6 months. Study psychiatrist and patients were blinded to stimulation type. Primary outcome was the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) and 50% reduction from baseline was considered response. Several other scales, imaging (PET, MRI), electrophysiological (EEG), and chemical biomarkers were also obtained. Results: Among the 23 patients enrolled one did not receive an implant and another committed suicide shortly after surgery. Six month outcomes are available in 18 patients, at present. HDRS-17 scores improved from a baseline of 23.2±3.9 (mean±SD) to 12.7±6.0 at 6 months (paired t-test, t=5.9, p<0.001), with 9 of 18 patients fulfilling response criteria. Responders were younger than non-responders (37.6±11.9 vs. 54.0±13.2, p=0.014). Four responders were on long pulse duration DBS. Aside from the 1 suicide and 3 intra-op seizures, no complications were encountered at the 6 month time point. Conclusion: Our preliminary results support ≈50% efficacy of SGC DBS for TRD. The surgery is overall safe and phenytoin prophylaxis has eliminated the seizure complications. There is no obvious advantage of one type of stimulation over the other, which may suggest that optimization of stimulation over time is more important than type of stimulation. We are examining possible predictive biomarkers of response, however these data suggest that younger patients do better. FUNDING: Alberta Innovates Health Solutions. ER  - 
Acute Bacterial Meningitis in Qatar: A Hospital-Based Study from 2009 to 2013$$$ Background and Objectives. Bacterial meningitis is a common medical condition in Qatar. The aim of this study was to describe the clinical characteristics of bacterial meningitis, the frequency of each pathogen, and its sensitivity to antibiotics and risk factors for death. Patients and Methods. This retrospective study was conducted at Hamad General Hospital between January 1, 2009, and December 31, 2013. Results. We identified 117 episodes of acute bacterial meningitis in 110 patients. Their mean age was 26.4±22.3 years (range: 2-74) and 81 (69.2%) of them were male patients. Fifty-nine episodes (50.4%) were community-acquired infection and fever was the most frequent symptom (94%), whereas neurosurgery is the most common underlying condition. Coagulase-negative staphylococci were the most common causative agent, of which 95% were oxacillin-resistant, while 63.3% of Acinetobacter spp. showed resistance to meropenem. The in-hospital mortality was 14 (12%). Only the presence of underlying diseases, hypotension, and inappropriate treatment were found to be independent predictors of mortality. Conclusion. Acute bacterial meningitis predominantly affected adults and coagulase-negative staphylococci species were the common causative agent in Qatar with majority of infections occurring nosocomially. More than 90% of all implicated coagulase-negative staphylococci strains were oxacillin-resistant. ER  - 
Evaluation of dose and outcomes from pediatric vilazodone ingestions$$$ Context: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) exposures in patients younger than 6 years of age are generally well tolerated. Vilazodone is an SSRI with partial agonism at the 5-HT1A receptor with demonstrated clinical efficacy for depression whose off-label usage is likely to increase. Recent evidence suggests that unintentional ingestion of vilazodone is correlated with more severe clinical effects compared with other SSRIs. Objective: To evaluate dose and outcomes from pediatric vilazodone ingestions. Methods: A retrospective analysis of single substance exposures associated with vilazodone among children younger than 6-yearsold from 2011 to 2016 was conducted using data from the National Poison Data System (NPDS). Results: During 2011-2016, 753 vilazodone ingestions in children <6-years-old were reported to the US poison control centers. The average dose associated with major outcomes was 106.39mg (median: 50.00) and 81.15mg (median 40.00) for moderate outcomes. Half (50.0%) of children with a major effect and 54.0% with a moderate effect ingested ≤40mg of vilazodone. There was an increasing trend associated with vilazodone dose ingested and the proportions of healthcare facility admissions (p<.001) and serious outcomes (p< .001). Children ≤2 years have higher odds of being admitted to a healthcare facility (OR: 1.70; 95% CI: 1.10-2.61) or developing a serious outcome (OR: 1.73, 95% CI: 1.07-2.77) compared with children 3-5 years of age. Serious clinical effects, such as coma, seizures, ataxia, and hallucinations/delusions, were observed in children ingesting doses of vilazodone as low as 10mg. Conclusions: Exposure to vilazodone poses a unique and potentially serious threat to children <6 years of age. Children in this age group who are exposed to vilazodone should be evaluated promptly in a clinical setting. Off-label use of vilazodone in young children should be discouraged until further research is conducted regarding its safety in this population (Table presented). ER  - 
Flibanserin toxicity in a toddler$$$ Background: Flibanserin is a medication approved by the US Food and Drug Administration in 2015 to treat hypoactive sexual desire disorder in women. It is a 5-HT(1A) agonist, 5-HT(2A) antagonist, and weak partial agonist of dopamine D4 receptors. Effects at these receptors in the prefrontal cortex may promote sexual desire by increasing dopamine and norepinephrine and decreasing serotonin levels. The risk-benefit ratio is currently under debate. Given its recent approval, flibanserin toxicity has not yet been well described. We present a case of flibanserin toxicity in a child. Case: A 2-year-old boy presented to the emergency department (ED) 2 h after ingesting six 100mg tablets of his mother's flibanserin. He was transported to the ED after being found limp and minimally responsive. On presentation, vital signs were: temperature, 37.4 °C; heart rate, 91 beats per minute; blood pressure, 111/ 61; respirations, 22/min; O2 saturation, 99% on room air. Blood glucose was 90mg/dL. Examination was notable for an unresponsive child with dilated pupils, abnormal facial movements, normal skin, and the absence of clonus. Providers were concerned for seizure, so he received 1.5mg of lorazepam. Subsequently, he began responding to painful stimuli and appeared postictal. EKG, non-contrast head CT, and radiographs of the chest and abdomen demonstrated no abnormalities. Laboratory studies, including BMP, venous lactate, ammonia, EtOH level, salicylate level, and acetaminophen level, were within reference ranges. Anion gap was 9. After transport to the children's hospital, mental status was improved. Exam was notable for dilated pupils, hypotonia, purposeful movements, and spontaneous eye opening. Urine drug screen (UDS) by immunoassay was positive for benzodiazepines. UDS by gas chromatography and mass spectrometry was positive for caffeine, paraxanthine, and 1-(3-trifluoromethylphenyl)-piperazine (TFMPP). The patient was admitted to the PICU where he developed a fever to 38.4 °C. He was discharged the next day with a much-improved exam. Discussion: The reported history and positive UDS for TFMPP highly suggest that this patient's presentation was a result of flibanserin toxicity. Flibanserin is primarily metabolized by CYP3A4 in the liver where it is de-ethylated to produce TFMPP, a piperazine. At toxic doses, effects of piperazine toxicity may occur. These include symptoms seen in our patient, such as seizure, mydriasis, hypertension, and fever. Piperazines can also lead to serotonin syndrome, muscle rigidity, psychosis, and tachycardia. Conclusions: Presented here is a case of flibanserin toxicity in a toddler. The patient demonstrates a syndrome indicative of piperazine toxicity, consistent with the proposed mechanism of flibanserin metabolism. ER  - 
Comparison of moderate and major outcomes with venlafaxine versus desvenlafaxine exposures: An NPDS study$$$ Background: Venlafaxine belongs to the class of serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors and is used in the treatment of major depression and anxiety. Venlafaxine causes a dose dependent increase of central serotonin and norepinephrine levels. In overdose, venlafaxine causes seizures, dysrhythmias, and death. These effects may be due to the parent drug or a metabolite. Desvenlafaxine, a metabolite of venlafaxine, is also approved in the treatment of major depression. Although also associated with significant effects in overdose, these agents have not been comparatively evaluated for moderate and major outcomes after accidental or intentional overdose in a large data set. Methods: This retrospective review of human exposure cases includes single substance exposures to venlafaxine or desvenlafaxine reported to the National Poison Data System (NPDS) by United States poison centers identified by product codes from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2015. Primary outcome includedthe difference in moderate or major outcomes (a standard NPDS case outcome definition) between venlafaxine and desvenlafaxine ingestions. Secondary outcomes included difference in death rates, number of '“all seizures”, '“all conduction disturbances”, '“cardiac dysrhythmia”, and evaluation of potential dose correlation with primary outcomes. Definitions of the composite clinical effects were: '“all seizures” included those coded with seizure (single), seizure (multiple/discrete), or seizure (status); '“all conduction disturbances” included those coded as having conduction disturbance or ECG change (other); '“cardiac dysrhythmia” included those coded as dysrhythmia (v tach/v fib) or dysrhythmia (other). Clinical effects were only considered present when coded as related or unknown if related. Statistical analysis included descriptive statistics with proportions to describe central tendencies. Chisquare and Chi-square 2-k or Fisher's exact test was used for categorical data. Correlations were estimated with Kendall Rank Correlation (Kendall's Tau). Results: A total of 46,793 cases were included which predominantly included venlafaxine (94%). Males comprised 35.2% and females 64.2% of cases. Moderate and major outcomes were reported more commonly with venlafaxine versus desvenlafaxine (2.7%, 95% CI 1.54-3.48% and 0.73%, 95% CI 0.35-0.96%, respectively; p < .0001). Deaths did not occur more frequently in venlafaxine (0.08%) versus desvenlafaxine (0.04%) (0.0479%, 95%CI-0.12 to 0.094%; p=.726). '“All seizures” occurred in 2.1% and 0.4% of venlafaxine and desvenlafaxine cases, respectively (1.63%, 95%CI 1.28-1.89%; p<.0001). '“All conduction disturbances” occurred in 1.1% and 1% of venlafaxine and desvenlafaxine cases (0.1%, 95%CI≤0.35 to 0.43%; p=.61). '“Cardiac dysrhythmias” did not occur more frequently in the venlafaxine (0.2%) versus desvenlafaxine (0.07%) (0.14%, 95%CI ≤0.051 to 0.217%; p=.1293). The cumulative dose was weakly concordant with the presence of moderate or severe effects in both venlafaxine and desvenlafaxine, Kendall's tau b=0.196 (95%CI 0.192-0.1999; p<.0001) and 0.145 (95%CI 0.132-0.159; p<.0001). Conclusions: In overdose, venlafaxine and desvenlafaxine were associated with significant neurologic and cardiovascular events. Overdose with venlafaxine was more likely to cause moderate and major outcomes and seizures. Conduction disturbances, dysrhythmias, and death was not more likely to occur in either medications. ER  - 
Psilocybin mushroom exposures reported to poison control centers: An NPDS study$$$ Background: Psilocybin is a tryptamine alkaloid found in some hallucinogenic mushrooms which can cause intense psychedelic experiences. Psilocybin is being reexamined as a potential therapeutic agent for various conditions. The risk and the range of toxicity from intentional and unintentional psilocybin exposures are unknown. One report in the literature from 1962 describes a fatal case of pediatric convulsions and cerebral edema. Other reports describe myocardial infarction, arrhythmia, acute, and persistent psychosis or hallucinations, as well as traumatic injuries. Few studies have examined modern use and effects on humans in a large population. National Poison Data System (NPDS) data were analyzed to assess the effects reported with psilocybin exposures to characterize potentially serious adverse outcomes. Methods: A retrospective analysis was performed of psilocybin exposures as a single agent or in conjunction with cannabis from 1/1/2000 to 12/31/2015 reported to United States poison centers using the NPDS database. Cases were excluded if exposure to other agents was reported including synthetic and unconventional cannabis use. A separate NPDS request of all fatality reports with psilocybin as a substance was assessed by an independent review by both authors to determine the role of psilocybin in contributing to the cause of death. Cases were excluded (from both sets when applicable) if there was no clear evidence of psilocybin exposure or if significant concurrent exposures were reported. Data trends were examined to determine monthly and yearly exposures with normalization for the varying number of NPDS yearly human exposures. In cases with known outcome, we compared the number of pediatric (<13 years) unintentional exposures versus adult (>19 years) intentional exposures for major outcome versus the grouped outcome of no effect, minor, or moderate. We determined the number of cases with reports of seizures (all types) in the adult and pediatric populations. Groups were compared using Fisher's exact test to assess for significance (p<.05). Results: There were 9015 exposures that met inclusion criteria; all deaths were excluded by unanimous agreement. From 2000 to 2004, psilocybin-containing mushroom exposures trended upward but have declined steadily since. Reported exposures peaked in June and October. The average pediatric exposure age was 3.4 years of age, and the average adult age was 26.4 years. Major outcomes were significantly more likely to occur (p=.005) in adults with intentional exposure (54/2062) than with unintentional pediatric exposures (1/321). There were no seizures reported among all 562 pediatric exposures compared with 1.4% (51/3680) of all adult exposures (p=.002). Conclusions: There appears to be seasonality associated with psilocybin exposures. Adult intentional exposures were more likely to experience major outcomes than pediatric unintentional exposures. Seizures were rarely reported in the adult population. Potential explanations for these clinical findings include unreported coingestants, intrinsic lower toxicity in pediatric patients, or lower amount of psilocybin exposure in unintentional ingestions. There were no deaths that could be attributed to psilocybin exposure alone. Our results suggest psilocybin has less toxicity than previously suggested in isolated case reports. ER  - 
Safety and Exploratory Efficacy at 36 Months in Open-HART, an Open-Label Extension Study of Pridopidine in Huntington's Disease$$$ Background: Open-HART is an open-label extension of HART, a randomized, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging, parallelgroup study. Objective: To evaluate safety and exploratory efficacy of open-label pridopidine over 36 months in subjects with Huntington's disease (HD). Methods: Open-HART subjects were treated with pridopidine 45 mg twice daily (BID). After initial evaluation by telephone (Week 1) and in person (Month 1), in-person visits occurred every 3 months, alternating between safety and clinical visits (safety plus Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale [UHDRS] assessment). The UHDRS was performed for pre-specified analysis as a secondary outcome measure. Adverse events (AEs), laboratory values, and electrocardiography were monitored throughout. Results: Most subjects (89%) reported at least one AE, with 30% experiencing treatment-related AEs. The most common AEs during the first year were falls (12.7%), anxiety (9.3%), insomnia (8.5%), irritability (6.8%), and depression (5.9%). Ninety-nine percent of subjects took concomitant medications. Two seizures were reported as AEs. No arrhythmias or suicide attempts were reported. Five deaths occurred, all considered treatment unrelated. Secondary exploratory analyses of subjects on pridopidine demonstrated motor deterioration (as measured by the UHDRS total motor score) consistent with HD's natural history, as shown in large observational studies. A post-hoc, exploratory analysis of TFC performance compared to placebo groups from other long-term HD studies demonstrated no significant effect for pridopidine on TFC progression after correction for multiple comparisons. Conclusions: Pridopidine 45 mg BID was generally safe and tolerable in HD subjects over 36 months. TMS declined in a manner consistent with the known natural history of HD. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric events attributed to systemic lupus erythematosus: A single center study from Pakistan$$$ Objective: Neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) is a relatively common and potentially serious manifestation of SLE. This study was designed to collect evidence about clinical and demographic characteristics of patients with NPSLE in a Pakistani lupus cohort. Methodology: This cross-sectional study was conducted at Department of Rheumatology, Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences, Islamabad, Pakistan between July 2016 and December 2016. Patients fulfilling diagnostic criteria for SLE as defined by ACR were enrolled. For detection of neuropsychiatric involvement the One-Hour Neuropsychological Battery proposed by the ACR was performed. Neuropsychiatric manifestations were classified into major and minor. Relationship of presence and severity of individual neuropsychiatric manifestations to disease duration in years and organ damage using SLICC/ACR-DI was studied. Results: Out of 100 SLE patients, there were 96 females and 4 males (female to male ratio of 24:1). Mean age of all participants was 30.99 years (range 17-72 years) and average disease duration at the time of enrolment was 3.89 years. Neuropsychiatric manifestations were observed in 84 patients. 20 out of these 84 patients (23.8%) had major neurological manifestations including seizures (13 patients), altered consciousness (10 patients) and cerebro-vascular accident (5 patients). While 7 out of these 84 patients (8.3%) had major psychiatric manifestations including psychosis (5 patients) and depression with suicidal ideation (2 patients). All major neurological manifestations occurred beyond and major psychiatric manifestations occurred within 2 years of diagnosis of SLE. Minor psychiatric manifestations observed included severe anxiety (52 patients), cognitive impairment (43 patients) and mood disorder (25 patients). No statistically significant difference in mean SLICC/ACR-DI score was observed between NPSLE patients and non-NPSLE patients when points received for neurologically related damage were excluded (P=0.10). Neuropsychiatric damage was the most common damage category, followed by renal (25%), pulmonary hypertension (6%), pericarditis (5%), digit loss (4%), venous thrombosis (4%) avascular necrosis (3%), osteomyelitis (2%), muscle weakness (2%) and deforming arthritis (1%). Conclusions: NPSLE manifestations were seen in 84% of patients, with major neuropsychiatric manifestations in 27% of patients. Headache, seizures and cerebrovascular disease were the most frequent neurological manifestations, while cognitive disorder and severe anxiety being the most common psychiatric manifestations. ER  - 
B cell-bound complement activation products in the diagnosis and monitoring of systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ This abstract is not included here as it has already been published. P194 Neuropsychiatric manifestations in pediatric-onset systemic lupus erythematosus: experience of a tertiary center Alina Lucica Boteanu1, Sandra Garrote Corral2, Alberto Sifuentes Giraldo1, Mariluz Gámir Gámir1, Antonio Zea Mendoza2 1Rheumatology Pediatric Unit, University Hospital Ramón y Cajal, Madrid, Spain; 2Rheumatology, University Hospital Ramón y Cajal, Madrid, Spain Presenting author: Alina Lucica Boteanu Pediatric Rheumatology 2017, 15(Suppl 1):P194 Introduction: The neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations are an important cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with pediatriconset systemic lupus erythematosus (pSLE). The prevalence of these manifestations ranges from 29% to 95% in different series, but data in the spanish pediatric population are scarce. Objectives: To analyze the clinical and immunological features of patients with pSLE and NP followed in a Spanish tertiary center. Methods: We performed a retrospective study of 62 patients with pSLE diagnosed between 1985 and 2015 in our center. The American College of Rheumatology NPSLE case definitions were used to classify the manifestations. The demographic, clinical and immunological data were obtained through review of their medical charts. Continuous variables were analyzed using Student's t-test (or Mann-Whitney U test if the number was < 10 or the sample did not have a normal distribution) and discrete variables by Pearson's χ2 test (or Fisher's exact test when number in the category was < 5). Results: Twenty eight (45%) developed NP manifestations. The mean age of the patientes with NP manifestations was 13.9 years and female:male ratio was 2.5: 1. These manifestations were presented at the beginning of the disease in 7 cases (25%) and in the first 2 years in 65% of the cases. The most common presentations of NPSLE were the cental manifestation (89,2%) with seizures in 13 cases, headache in 8 cases, mood disorder/depression in 5 cases, psychosis in 4 cases, cerebrovascular disease in 5 cases and aseptic meningitis in 4 cases. There was more than one NP manifestation in 48% of the patients, with an average of 2.4 manifestations/patient. The comparison of patients with and without NPSLE demonstrated significant diffences (p <0.05) in the number of males, titers of anti-DNA antibodies, positivity for anti-β2-glicoprotein I (β2GPI) and consumption of complement (C3, C4).50% of the patients with NP manifestations had cyioglobuline positive. There were 2 cases of mortality in NPSLE (7.1%) during the follow-up period, one as a result of infection of the central nervous system and another due to sepsis associated with intestinal thrombosis. Conclusion: In our series 45% of the patients had NPSLE manifestations and they frequently occured early during the course of the disease. 100% of the male patients presented NP manifestations during the course of the disease. The clinical spectrum of NPSLE was wide in our cases and most of them had more than one manifestation. Patients with NPSLE showed a high disease activity as measured by levels of anti DNA antibodies and hypocomplementemia. Although NPSLE has been associated with positive antiphospholipid antibodies in other series, specifically anticardiolipin antibodies and lupus anticoagulant, we only found significant association with anti-β2GPI IgG antibodies. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations of pediatric NMDA receptor autoimmune encephalitis: A case series from a tertiary care center in India$$$ Objective: Although psychiatric manifestations are one of the most common presentations of pediatric N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis, there is a lack of studies that characterize psychiatric aspects of this disorder. This study was designed to address this gap. Methods: Initial clinical presentations including psychiatric symptoms, treatment details, and outcome with respect to psychiatric symptoms were collected from medical case records of children aged less than 18 years with seropositive NMDAR encephalitis from a single tertiary care center (May 2010-November 2016). The Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale for Children (BPRS-C) was administered at the time of presentation and at follow-up. Results: Clinical records from 16 girls and 5 boys of whom 12 were prepubertal (< 12 years) and 9 were postpubertal (≥ 12 years) were analyzed. All 21 children presented with psychiatric symptoms at initial presentation. In 10 children (47.6%), psychiatric symptom was the first symptom. Major psychiatric symptoms included inappropriate crying (most common, 66.7%, n = 14), social withdrawal (57.1%, n =12), unprovoked anger outburst (47.6%, n = 10), unprovoked screaming behavior (38.1%, n = 8), and talking to self irrelevantly (42.9%, n = 9). In addition to psychiatric symptoms, at least 1 of the following was also seen in all children: speech disturbance (85.7%, n = 18), seizure (85.7%, n = 18), or movement disorder (76.2%, n = 16). Mood symptoms (85.7%, n = 18) were the most common psychopathology. A comorbid psychiatric diagnosis (ICD-10 criteria) was made in 11 children (52.4%); the most common was organic mood disorder (n = 6). The mean BPRS-C score at presentation in prepubertal children was higher than that of postpubertal children (21 vs 17). After immune modulation, clinical improvement was noted after a mean ± SD of 7.4 ± 4.8 months in all 20 children followed up. Three of the 4 children with residual psychiatric symptoms and persistent academic difficulties were prepubertal. Conclusions: Psychiatric manifestations that are usually mood related are quite common in pediatric NMDAR encephalitis. Prepubertal presentation of this disorder appears to be more severe and may lead to persistent psychiatric and cognitive symptoms. ER  - 
Childhood occipital epilepsy of Gastaut: A long-term prospective study$$$ Aim: Childhood occipital epilepsy of Gastaut is a pure occipital epileptic syndrome that is usually accepted to have benign course. Information about the disease is mostly based on retrospective studies and its prognosis is not clearly defined. We investigated the electro-clinical course and prognostic features of the disease in this prospective study in which clinical follow-up and treatment were standardized as much as possible. Materials and methods: In the study, patients (10 females, 9 males) were followed-up for an average of 9.47 ± 5.47 years (range: 2-17). The seizures were ceased in 16 (84.2%) patients, and remission was achieved in 12 (63.2%). The seizures continued in 3 patients (15.8%) despite mono- or poly-therapy. When we compared the cases with (12 patients) or without remission (7 patients), the age at disease onset was lower in cases without remission (7 ± 5.44 years) compared to those with remission (12.08 ± 2.71 years), (p=0.014). Likewise, the total number of seizures experienced before remission was higher in cases without remission (27 ± 41.04) (median: 12 range: 10-120) compared to those with (6.25 ± 7.84) (median: 4 range: 2-30) (p=0.003). Results: In patients with abnormal EEG at baseline, EEG recordings were normalized in those with remission (100%) but remained to be abnormal in those couldn't achieve remission. Of 5 cases with normal EEG recording from onset to end of follow-up period, remission was achieved in 4 cases but not in one case. Conclusion: Our result indicated that consistently normal EEG recordings or abnormal EEG recordings that normalized during follow-up strongly suggest good prognosis. In addition, we concluded that smaller number of seizures experienced before remission and a relative older age, given the age of onset of the disease, can be indicators of good prognosis. ER  - 
Worrying more about anxiety in patients with epilepsy$$$ The objectives of this study were to estimate the prevalence of, and factors associated with, anxiety in epilepsy. We conducted a cross-sectional analysis using data from the Neurological Disease and Depression Study. The prevalence of anxiety and associated factors were assessed using descriptive statistics and logistic regression. Of the total sample (n = 250 patients), nearly 40.0% of participants had anxiety according to the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. The most prevalent symptom of anxiety was "worrying thoughts" (35.6%). After adjustment for age and sex, depression (odds ratio [OR] = 8.97, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 4.38-18.40), medication side effects (OR = 1.79, 95% CI = 1.04- 3.05), smoking (OR = 4.35, 95% CI = 2.27-8.31), and illicit substance use (OR = 2.42, 95% CI = 1.18-4.96) were significantly associated with higher odds of anxiety, whereas higher education (OR = 0.47, 95% CI = 0.28-0.80) was associated with lower odds of anxiety. Furthermore, participants with anxiety reported more severe epilepsy, debilitating seizures, and overall lower quality of life. Evidence from our study reveals a high prevalence of anxiety in persons with epilepsy and that anxiety is associated with a variety of negative outcomes. These findings further emphasize the need for more studies to understand the impact of anxiety and its relationship with various sociodemographic and clinical factors. ER  - 
Psychotropics and male reproduction$$$ Psychotropic drugs, including antidepressants, antipsychotics, and anticonvulsants, all have negative effects on sexual function and semen quality. These adverse events vary among men and are less pronounced for some medications, allowing their effects to be managed to some extent. Use of specific serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) is prevalent in men of reproductive age; and application to treat premature ejaculation increases the number of young men on SSRI therapy. Oxidative damage to sperm can result from prolonged residence in the male reproductive tract. The increase in ejaculatory latency seen with SSRIs likely underlies some of their negative effects on semen quality, including higher sperm DNA fragmentation, seen in all SSRIs evaluated thus far. These medications increase prolactin (PRL) levels in some men, and this is often credited with inhibitory effects on male reproduction; however, testosterone levels are generally normal, reducing the likelihood of direct HPG axis inhibition by PRL. The tricyclic antidepressants have also been shown to increase PRL levels in some studies but not in others. The exception is the tricyclic antidepressant clomipramine, which profoundly increases PRL levels and may depress semen quality. Other antidepressants modulating synaptic levels of serotonin, norepinephrine, and/or dopamine may have toxicity similar to SSRIs, but most have not been evaluated. In limited studies, norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitors (NDRIs) and serotonin agonist/reuptake inhibitors (SARIs) have had minimal effects on PRL levels and on sexual side effects. Antipsychotic medications increase PRL, decrease testosterone, and increase sexual side effects, including ejaculatory dysfunction. The greatest evidence is for chlorpromazine, haloperidol, reserpine, risperidone, and thioridazine, with less effects seen with aripiprazole and clozapine. Remarkably few studies have looked at antipsychotic effects on semen quality, and this is an important knowledge gap in reproductive pharmacology. Lithium increases PRL and LH levels and decreases testosterone although this is informed by few studies. The anticonvulsants, many used for other indications, generally decrease free or bioavailable testosterone with variable effects on the other reproductive hormones. Valproate, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, and levetiracetam decrease semen quality; other anticonvulsants have not been investigated for this adverse reaction. Studies are required evaluating endpoints of pregnancy and offspring health for psychotropic medications. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of plasma exchange with 5% albumin to modify cerebrospinal fluid and plasma amyloid-β concentrations and cognition outcomes in Alzheimer's disease patients: A multicenter, randomized, controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Studies conducted in animal models and humans suggest the presence of a dynamic equilibrium of amyloid-β (A) peptide between cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and plasma compartments. Objective: To determine whether plasma exchange (PE) with albumin replacement was able to modify Aconcentrations in CSF and plasma as well as to improve cognition in patients with mild-moderate Alzheimer's disease (AD). Methods: In a multicenter, randomized, patient-and rater-blind, controlled, parallel-group, phase II study, 42 AD patients were assigned (1 : 1) to PE treatment or control (sham) groups. Treated patients received a maximum of 18 PE with 5% albumin (Albutein®, Grifols) with three different schedules: two PE/weekly (three weeks), one PE/weekly (six weeks), and one PE/bi-weekly (12 weeks), plus a six-month follow-up period. Plasma and CSF A1-40 and A1-42 levels, as well as cognitive, functional, and behavioral measures were determined. Results: CSF A1-42 levels after the last PE compared to baseline were marginally higher in PE-treated group versus controls (adjusted means of variation: 75.3 versus-45.5 pg/mL; 95% CI:-19.8, 170.5 versus 135.1, 44.2; p = 0.072). Plasma A1-42 levels were lower in the PE-treated group after each treatment period (p < 0.05). Plasma A1-40 levels showed a saw-tooth pattern variation associated with PE. PE-treated patients scored better in the Boston Naming Test and SemanticVerbal Fluency (p < 0.05) throughout the study. Neuropsychiatric Inventory scores were higher in controls during the PE phase (p < 0.05). Conclusion: PE with human albumin modified CSF and plasma A1-42 levels. Patients treated with PE showed improvement in memory and language functions, which persisted after PE was discontinued. ER  - 
The long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes of infants born full-term with low birth weight$$$ In this study, it was aimed to evaluate the neurological developments of preschool or school-aged children together with their school successes, intelligence quotient and symptom severity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder who were born at the 37th gestational week and above with birth weights below tenth percentile, which is called small for gestational age (SGA). A total of 74 patients with SGA and 75 healthy children were evaluated. The patients were evaluated by child neurologist and child psychiatrist. Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-Revised, Ankara Developmental Screening Inventory, and The Turgay DSM-IV-Based Child and Adolescent Disruptive Behavioral Disorders Screening and Rating Scale (T-DSM-IV-S) were applied according to their age groups. SGA cases had been breastfed for shorter durations (p: 0.004), had walked later (p<0.001), talked later (p<0.001), and had encountered more vision disorders (p: 0.009) than the control group. SGA cases were determined to encounter febrile convulsions more frequently (p: 0.007). SGA cases were determined to exhibit lower school success (p<0.001), were diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder more frequently (p<0.001), and their mental developments were delayed (p<0.001). In cases with SGA, inattention (p: 0.004) and conduct disorder (p: 0.029) subscales and the total scale scores (p: 0.022) of T-DSM-IV-S were significantly lower when compared to the control group. We consider that being SGA may have a negative impact on child’s behavior, attention and academic achievement in long-term. ER  - 
Day-case image-guided biopsy for brain tumours: A decade of experience$$$ In the United Kingdom widespread adoption of day-case imageguided biopsy (DIB) for brain tumour has not occurred. To qualify for DIB patients are selected in the outpatient clinic and day-case is defined as arriving and being discharged from hospital on the same day. Discharge is allowed providing patients have no new neurology, are ambulant, have eaten, drunk passed urine, and have no significant pathology on their 4-hour postoperative CT head (CTH). Here we review a decade of experience within a single department. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Published protocols and procedures for DIB of brain tumours were used (1). All patients were under the care of a neurosurgeon with a specialist interest in neuro-oncology (JD & PLG). All Patients undergoing an image-guided biopsy for tumour were retrospectively identified from operative logbooks (October 2006 - March 2016 inclusive), and information recorded from online records or notes. RESULTS: In this 9.5 year study, 645 image-guided biopsies for tumour were performed of which 355 (55%) cases were planned DIB of a supratentorial tumour. Histological diagnosis included high grade glioma (62%), low grade glioma (18%), lymphoma (8%), metastasis (5%), meningioma (1%), primitive neuroectodermal tumour (1%), other (2%) and no diagnosis (3%). 92% of DIB patients were successfully discharged at 6 hours postoperatively. 16/355 (4.5%) of DIB patients were directly admitted following identification of a postoperative haematoma greater than 2 cm diameter on CTH. 9/16 had no associated new neurological deficit and were discharged the following day. 3/355 (0.8%) required surgical evacuation of the haematoma. 3/355 (0.8%) experienced a generalised tonic clonic seizure (GTCS) prior to discharge at 6 hours, one patient also had an associated drug reaction requiring a stay on intensive care (Duration Inpatient Stay (DIS): 2-11 median 2 days). 6/355 (2%) experienced a new mild focal neurological deficit, however were suitable for discharge home within 1-2 days, median 2. 8/355 (2%) patients were discharged home after 6 hours and later readmitted between 1-14 days post biopsy: 1 with imbalance and confusion (readmission day 1), 4 with GTCS (readmission day 1, 2, 8, 14), 1 with steroid induced psychosis (d5), 1 developed staphylococcus aureus wound infection requiring wound debridement in theatre (d8). 1 patient experienced serosanguinous wound leak and attended the ward for re-suturing. (DIS: range 0-3, median 1.5 days). DISCUSSION: DIB surgery with close clinical and radiological surveillance is well-tolerated, safe and feasible. 0.3% DIB were complicated by infection. 0% experienced significant permanent neurological deficit that influenced further oncological treatment. 0.8% of patients required further surgery due to postoperative haematoma however all made a full recovery. 3% of cases were non diagnostic on first biopsy. 1/355 CTH identified an asymptomatic extradural requiring evacuation that otherwise would have been discharged home at 6 hours post DIB. 0.8% of patients were readmitted within 48 hours of biopsy and none of our patients came to harm as a result of being a DIB. We advocate this concept is more widely adopted. ER  - 
Design of a practice-changing trial in the ultra-rare condition of Wolfram Syndrome$$$ Background Wolfram Syndrome (OMIM 222300) is an ultra-rare, monogenic, neurodegenerative disorder of children and young adults. Prevalence is approximately 1:700,000. The prognosis is poor as premature death and severe neurological disabilities are not uncommon. The natural history of Wolfram Syndrome includes progressive optic and brainstem atrophy. Many children are registered blind by the age of 18 years. There is no effective treatment. Sodium Valproate is classed as an anticonvulsant and is currently approved for use in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. The cell cycle regulator p21cip1 has been identified as a therapeutic target for Wolfram Syndrome and one of the mechanisms through which sodium valproate is expected to mediate its effect is by increasing p21cip1 expression levels. We investigate the hypothesis that it slows the progression of symptoms. Methods We present a randomised, double-masked, placebo-controlled, multicentre, international clinical trial to investigate whether sodium valproate halts the progression in clinical symptoms of Wolfram Syndrome. We propose the dual primary outcomes: (i) Visual acuity (VA), measured on the logmar scale using standard charts; and (ii) Ventral pons volume (VPV), measured in mm3 by MRI scan. These continuous outcomes are chosen because they are clinically meaningful and associated with disease progression. VA is very important to patients and their families, and any reduction in sight deterioration will be welcome. Recruitment is severely constrained in this ultra-rare condition. We increase statistical power by conducting longitudinal analyses of the primary outcomes. This is feasible in Wolfram Syndrome because the symptoms under study tend to deteriorate linearly over time. Justification for this claim is given. Mean outcome trajectories are modelled using linear mixed effects regression, allowing the average rates of change to be different in each arm, and each patient to have their own intercept. This method allows the study of serially-correlated outcomes. Treatment effect is tested by likelihood-ratio test using an alternative, nested model with no fixed effects for treatment arm. Treatment will be considered successful if it is associated with a significant, clinically-relevant reduction in the rate of degradation. Results We assess VA every 6 months for 3 years. To investigate a 60% reduction in the annual rate of degradation from 0.075 to 0.03 logmar units requires 60 evaluable patients in total to provide 80% power and 10% significance. We assess VPV every year for 3 years. To investigate a 70% reduction in the annual rate of degradation from 81.6 to 24.5 mm3 requires 60 evaluable patients to provide 81% power and 7% significance. We infer operating characteristics by simulation. The equivalent nonlongitudinal analyses would require approximately 120 patients in total. Conclusion This efficient design, which uses a repeated-measures analysis of the primary outcome, will achieve conventional statistical error rates, thereby enabling a potentially practice-changing clinical trial in this ultra-rare condition. ER  - 
Seroprevalence of toxocara infection among healthy individuals referred to the medical center laboratories in tehran city, capital of Iran$$$ Background: Toxocariasis is a zoonotic disease with worldwide distribution. Humans' infection occurred by incidental ingestions of eggs shed in feces of dogs or cats. Studies on general population are rare in Iran. In this cross-sectional study, we investigated seroprevalence, and risk factors associated with toxocariasis among the healthy individuals in Tehran, capital if Iran. Methods: In total, 374 sera samples were investigated for the presence of anti-Toxocara IgG. We applied ELISA as screening test using available commercial kit. Also, demographic data were obtained from participant's questionnaires. Data analysis was performed using SPSS16. Results: The overall seroprevalence of toxocariasis was found 5.6% (21/374). Regarding the socio-demographic variables, age (P<0.001) and eating unwashed vegetables (P=0.049) were significantly associated to toxocariasis in univariate analysis. In the logistic regression analysis, only age (P<0.001) was identified as potential risk factor associated with Toxocara infection. Conclusion: Seroprevalence of toxocariasis is relatively low in the healthy individuals in Tehran. We suggest carrying out further studies in different part of Iran and also investigate on the prevalence of toxocariasis in high risk groups such as asthma, hyper-eosinophilic, epilepsy, rheumatism and schizophrenia patients. ER  - 
Assessing association of comorbidities with treatment choice and persistence in MS: A real-life multicenter study$$$ Objective: To assess whether the presence of concomitant diseases at multiple sclerosis (MS) diagnosis is associated with the choice and the treatment persistence in an Italian MS cohort. Methods: We included newly diagnosed patients (2010-2016) followed in 20 MS centers and collected demographic and clinical data. We evaluated baseline factors related to the presence of comorbidities and the association between comorbidities and the clinical course of MS and the time to the first treatment switch. Results: The study cohort included 2,076 patients. Data on comorbidities were available for 1,877/2,076 patients (90.4%). A total of 449/1,877 (23.9%) patients had at least 1 comorbidity at MS diagnosis. Age at diagnosis (odds ratio 1.05, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04-1.06; p < 0.001) was the only baseline factor independently related to the presence of comorbidities. Comorbidities were not significantly associated with the choice of the first disease-modifying treatment, but were significantly associated with higher risk to switch from the first treatment due to intolerance (hazard ratio 1.42, CI 1.07-1.87; p = 0.014). Association of comorbidities with risk of switching for intolerance was significantly heterogeneous among treatments (interferon β, glatiramer acetate, natalizumab, or fingolimod; interaction test, p = 0.04). Conclusions: Comorbidities at diagnosis should be taken into account at the first treatment choice because they are associated with lower persistence on treatment. ER  - 
Low-dose aspirin and risk of intracranial bleeds: An observational study in UK general practice$$$ Objective: To quantify the risk of intracranial bleeds (ICBs) associated with new use of prophylactic low-dose aspirin using a population-based primary care database in the United Kingdom. Methods: A cohort of new users of low-dose aspirin (75-300 mg; n = 199,079) aged 40-84 years and a 1:1 matched cohort of nonusers of low-dose aspirin at baseline were followed (maximum 14 years, median 5.4 years) to identify incident cases of ICB, with validation by manual review of patient records or linkage to hospitalization data. Using 10,000 frequency-matched controls, adjusted rate ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated for current low-dose aspirin use (0-7 days before the index date [ICB date for cases, random date for controls]); reference group was never used. Results: There were 1,611 cases of ICB (n = 743 for intracerebral hemorrhage [ICH], n = 483 for subdural hematoma [SDH], and n = 385 for subarachnoid hemorrhage [SAH]). RRs (95% CI) were 0.98 (0.84-1.13) for all ICB, 0.98 (0.80-1.20) for ICH, 1.23 (0.95-1.59) for SDH, and 0.77 (0.58-1.01) for SAH. No duration of use or dose-response association was apparent. RRs (95% CI) for ≥1 year of low-dose aspirin use were 0.90 (0.72-1.13) for ICH, 1.20 (0.91-1.57) for SDH, and 0.69 (0.50-0.94) for SAH. Conclusion: Low-dose aspirin is not associated with an increased risk of any type of ICB and is associated with a significantly decreased risk of SAH when used for ≥1 year. ER  - 
Pediatric critical cases admitted to intensive care units from the Pediatric Emergency Department$$$ Introduction: Admission of pediatric patients from the emergency department (ED) to the intensive care unit (ICU) may indicate an urgent clinical condition requiring critical care. The outcome of ICU treatment is also related to the adequacy of the initial ED management. Understanding of the epidemiologic data of critically ill children presenting at the ED may help expedite accurate clinical assessments and decision-making on intensive care unit (ICU) admission. Purpose: This study aimed to investigate the epidemiologic patterns of pediatric critically ill patients presenting to the ED and the etiologies of ICU admission. Materials and Methods: This retrospective study of all children aged less than 18 years presenting with critical illnesses to the ED was conducted in a tertiary medical center during the 5-year study period. All patients transferred to the ICU from the ED were included without distinction. Etiologies of the ICU admissions were analyzed by various age groups. Children were divided into 3 groups according to age: young age (<=5 years), school age (>5 years to up to 12 years), and adolescent (>12 years to 18 years). Results: Of the 2978 critically ill children transferred to the ICU from the ED, emergency surgeries were performed in 1027 cases (34.5 %). The mean duration of hospitalization was 12.5 days and the mean length of ICU stay was 5.6 days. Infectious/parasitic diseases, congenital abnormalities, and certain complications originating in the perinatal period were more common in young-aged children than adolescents (p < 0.001). However, injury and poisoning, mental disorders, endocrine, nutritional, diseases of the circulatory system, and metabolic diseases, and immunity disorders were more common in adolescents than school-aged children and young aged children (p < 0.001). Diseases of the nervous system and sense organs, mental disorders, diseases of the digestive system, diseases of the respiratory system, and diseases of the musculoskeletal system and connective tissue were more predominant in the school-aged children (p < 0.05). Moreover, the most common of diseases was respiratory distress syndrome in neonates (13.6%) followed by bacterial pneumonia (9.6%) and status epilepticus (6.9%). There were 289 pediatric critically ill patients with mortality. Male was more predominant than female (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Epidemiologic analysis may provide primary clinicians to identify significant differences in admission rates based on different etiologies of various age groups. ER  - 
Thiopental is better than Propofol for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background and aim of the work: electroconvulsive therapy is a psychiatric procedure requiring general anesthesia. The choice of the hypnotic agent is important because the success of the intervention is associated to the occurrence and duration of motor convulsion. However, all available anesthetic agents have anti-convulsant activity. We compared the effect of thiopental and propofol on seizures. Methods: We designed a retrospective study at Mood Disorders Unit of a teaching Hospital. Fifty-six consecutive patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy were enrolled. Patients received fentanyl followed by either thiopental or propofol. We evaluated the incidence and the duration of seizure after electric stimulus at the first session of electroconvulsive therapy for each patient. Adverse perioperative effects were recorded. Results: Patients were 60±12.1 years old and 64% was female. There was a statistically significant higher number of patients who had motor convulsion activity in the thiopental group when compared to the propofol group (25 vs 13, p=0.023). Seizure duration was statistically significant longer in the thiopental group than in the propofol group (35 sec vs 11 sec, p=0.046). No hemodynamic instability, oxygen desaturation episodes, prolonged recovery time from anesthesia and adverse effects related to anesthesia were recorded. Conclusions: Thiopental induction has a favourable effect on seizure when compared to propofol in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy. ER  - 
Clinical, molecular data and outcome of 25 Iranian patients affected of isolated methylmalonic aciduria: A case series$$$ Objective: Isolated Methylmalonic aciduria (MMA) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder caused by a defect in enzyme methylmalonyl coA mutase (mut0or mut-) or its cofactor adenosylcobalamin (cblA, cblB, or cblD variant2). Identification of prognostic factors would be useful to prevent disease complications and good long-term follow-up. In this study, we aim to report a case series of isolated methyl malonic aciduria to explore clinical, molecular characteristics and their outcome. Methods: Isolated methyl malonic aciduria patients treated in Research Unit of Iranian National Society for Study on Inborn Errors of Metabolism from 2006 to 2016 entered the study. Diagnosis was made by died blood spot acyl carnitine profile studied with MS/MS and urine organic acid profile studied by GC/MS. Genotyping was done if the family could afford. After standard MMA therapy, a retrospective descriptive analysis was done on 25 patients' data. Results: 25 patients:13 &female;,12&male; 23/25 consanguineous (92%); Mean Birth Body Weight: 3074 (2450-3700 gr); Mean Birth Head Circumference: 34.4 (32-36 cm); Mean age of onset:10.77 (0.1-72 mo); Mean age at diagnosis: 17.63 (0.6-80 mo); Mean follow-up duration: 5.44 (0.2-23yrs); First presentations: vomiting 13/25 (52%), coma 4/25 (16%), developmental delay 2/25 (8%), respiratory distress 2/25 (8%), seizure 1/25 (4%), school age low IQ1/25 (4%), adolescent major depression 1/25 (4%); mean hyperammonemic episodes after treatment: 3.24 (range:0-12); Complications: permanent metabolic acidosis 16/25 (64%), developmental delay 15/25 (60%), Lactic Acidosis10/25 (40%), Nephropathy4/25 (16%), Seizure 5/25 (20%), Optic Neuropathy 2/25 (8%); Mean complication age: 3.56 (0.5-20 yrs); Mean plasma C3 Level: 14.12 (4-30, cut off:6 μmol/L); Mean Urine MMA:9799.6 (552-32640 μmol/molcr, NL<25); Treatment response: good (rapid improvement) 9/25 (36%), fair (slow improvement) 10/25 (40%), poor (worsening) 6/25 (24%); Genetic: 4/9 (44%) MMAB: 1/4poor response, 4/9 (44%) MUT: 1/4poor response, 1/9 (11%) MMAA: 1/1 poor response. Three new mutations: 2 in MUT (intron 12 c.2125-3C>G&c.284C>A, p.Pro95Gln) and 1 in MMAB (p.Gln231Ter, c.691G>T). Previously reported mutations:2 in MUT gene (121 Ins T AAT>t AAG and 231 Del C ATA>c ATT), 1 in MMAA gene (p.Arg359 Ter, c.1075C>G), and 3 in MMAB gene (p.Arg191Trp, c.571C>T). Conclusion: Isolated MMA in our Iranian studied group has heterogeneous presentation which needs further study for genotype-phenotype correlation, also it is a fairly good responding disease if treated early in life. ER  - 
Use of methylphenidate for treatment of hyperactivity in children with MPS II (hunter syndrome)$$$ Hunter syndrome (MPSII) is an X-linked chromosomal storage disorder due to deficiency of the lysosomal enzyme iduronate- 2-sulfatase. It is clinically divided into severe or “neuronopathic” form (about 2/3 of cases) and attenuated or “non-neuronopathic” phenotype. Hyperactive behavior is a very common clinical feature in MPSII during childhood. However, literature evidence about treatment with psychoactive agents for hyperactivity in MPSII is lacking. This study evaluates methylphenidate (MPH) safety and efficacy in a cohort of pediatric patients with Hunter syndrome. Methods: Seven MPS II patients (mean age 5 years, range 3 to 9 years) were put on MPH between 2010 and 2016. Mean duration of treatment was 28 months (range 3 to 50 months) All the patients received weekly infusions of IV idursulfase. Regular cognitive assessments were done in all the patients. A retrospective chart review obtained comorbid symptoms, concomitant medication, vital signs, side effects, and parent-reported MPH efficacy. Results: Five of seven MPS II patients had neuronopathic involvement defined for the progressive cognitive decline over time, all of them still with IQ above 50. Additional comorbidities included seizures (1) and supraventricular arrhythmia (1). Four patients reported one or more MPH side effects: appetite suppression (2) anxiety / worsening of obsessive behaviors (2) marked rebound effect (1), insomnia (1). There were no statistically significant changes in weight, EKG or blood pressure 12 and 24 months after medication initiation. Hyperactivity improvement was subjectively reported by parents in 4/7 patients for at least 18 consecutive months. Risperidone was used as concomitant medication in 3/7 patients. Three of seven patients remained on MPH after 2 years of treatment. Conclusions: This study evaluates empirical symptomatic MPH use in a small group of hyperactive children with Hunter syndrome. Methylphenidate was tolerated and effective in 4 of 7 subjects. Side effects were common but mostly minor. MPH could be a potential therapeutic tool for MPSII children with hyperactivity disorder at some stage of the disease. Further controlled studies with larger sample size are needed to better evaluate safety and efficacy of psychiatric agents for behavioral symptoms of MPS II. ER  - 
Differences in cortical thickness between patients with Non-Epileptic Attack Disorder and healthy controls$$$ Objective: We report preliminary findings of a study intended to improve the biopsychosocial understanding of Non-epileptic Attack Disorder (NEAD) and help destigmatise the condition by exploring its neurobiological basis. We compared structural magnetic resonance imaging (sMRI) of patients with NEAD and healthy controls (HCs). Two previous sMRI studies of patients with NEAD have yielded conflicting results with one reporting predominantly right hemispheric changes in NEAD (NEAD group n = 20, HC group n = 40) and the other bilateral changes (NEAD group n = 37, HC group n = 37) . Method: T1 weighted 3T sMRI brain scans of patients with NEAD (n = 30, 23 female, mean age = 40.13, range = 18 to 75) and age and gender matched healthy controls sMRI brain scans (n = 30, 23 female, mean age = 39.37, range 19 to 65) acquired between 2009 and 2016 were retrieved retrospectively and automatically segmented using FreeSurfer (v. 5.3.0). Group differences for cortical thickness (CT), volume (V), cortical surface area (CSA), cortical folding (CF), and sulcal depth (SD) were examined using the built in GLM FreeSurfer utility (QDEC, v. 1.4), controlling for age, gender and intracranial volume. Results were corrected for multiple comparisons using FDR at p < 0.01. Preliminary Results: Compared to HCs, patients with NEAD showed distinct bilateral structural abnormalities with decreases in CT in both the left and right superior temporal brain regions as well as left inferior frontal (pars opecularis) and the right superior frontal gyri. Greater CT was observed in the left and right paracentral lobules, left and right parietal cerebrum, as well as left and right occipital regions. In addition, patients with NEAD showed decreases in volume in the left pars triangularis. No significant differences between the groups were found for CSA, CF or SD. Conclusion: We identified significant differences in cortical structure of bilateral frontal, parietal, temporal and occipital brain regions between individuals with NEAD and healthy matched controls. These areas are involved in higher cognitive functions, emotion processing, and motor function. While some of the observed changes are consistent with previous research, others differ, perhaps reflecting the heterogeneity of NEAD. ER  - 
National Mental Health Survey of India 2016$$$ Epidemiological studies of the prevalence of mental disorders and their patterns were carried out in india over a decade ago. There was a need to evaluate the problem currently so as to plan for delivery of the NMHP. In 2014-15 the ministry of health, initiated a survey to study the prevalence of mental disorders and their pathways to care, treatment gap, burden and costs. The study also aimed to look at the mental health system of each of the states surveyed in terms of the number of professionals, treatment facilities, policies and programs. The survey was carried out in 12 states of india; two states each from the six different regions (north, south, east, west, central and the north-east) from 2015 to 2016. The main survey was preceded by a pilot survey carried out in early 2015 in karnataka. The study instruments used were loaded onto tablets and comprised the mini, screening tools for tobacco dependence and epilepsy, instruments to evaluate the burden of illness, pathways to care, utilisation of services and socioeconomic costs. In addition, a tool to assess the mental health system in each state was used. Over 3000 adults over 18 years were interviewed from households in randomly selected clusters from 3 districts in each state. The subjects were diagnosed on the icd-10 and categorised as severe mental disorders, common mental disorders including substance use disorders, suicidal behaviour, tobacco dependence and epilepsy. Women had a higher preponderance of cmds and suicidality while alcohol dependence/harmful use were more common among men. These mental disorders caused high degree of burden and there was poor utilisation of health services with a treatment gap of over 80% for most disorders. The mh systems differed in different states. The detailed findings and implications would be discussed. ER  - 
Effects of 0.5 Ms and 1.5 Ms Pulse Widths On Cardiovascular Function, In Patients With Schizophrenia Receiving Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been shown to have a profound effect on cardiovascular functions, and these effects have been proposed to have seminal bearings on the final clinical outcome. Present study tried to look into the differential effects of 0.5Ms and 1.5Ms pulse-widths on cardiac function in patients with schizophrenia during ect. Method: Fifty-one consenting adult (m=22, f=29; mean age 30.55±10.39 Years, mean duration of illness 88.29±84.24 Months) patients, with a diagnosis of schizophrenia, were selected and randomly assigned to receive either 0.5Ms(n=25) or 1.5Ms(n=26) pulse-width ECT stimulus; after obtaining adequate IEC approvals. Seizure threshold was titrated upwards during the first session and mean rate-pressure product (RPP; pulse systolic blood-pressure) was calculated during the second ect session for the two groups at 5 time points, viz. Pre-anaesthesia, during anaesthesia, during convulsive seizure, 1 and 5-minutes post seizure. They were compared between the groups using independentsample t-test. The psychopathology was assessed at baseline and after 6th ect on PANSS. Results: Two groups did not differ based on socio-demographic characteristics and mean PANSS scores at baseline. Mean administered dose of anaesthetic agent (thiopentone sodium), muscle relaxant (succinylcholine) and the stimulus charge at 2nd session were comparable (p>0.05). The mean duration of seizure (motor and EEG) did not differ between the two groups. The groups failed to differentiate from each other based on RPP at all 5 time-points, maximum RPP achieved during the session, or the difference between pre-seizure and maximum rpp. Further, after 6 sessions, the groups remained comparable in terms of their PANSS scores. Conclusion: The two pulse-widths of 0.5Ms and 1.5Ms seem to have similar effects on cardiovascular function, at least in otherwise-healthy adult schizophrenia patients, for comparable charge doses and similar anaesthetic agents. ER  - 
Levetiracetam-induced Acute Psychotic Episode- A Case Report$$$ Introduction: Levetiracetam(lev) is known to cause behavioural side effects ranging from anxiety to agitation and hostile behaviour. Even though psychotic symptoms were reported in initial trials, they are less common compared to behavioural symptoms. Case Description: A 43-year old male with no past psychiatric history was admitted to our ward with a first episode of psychosis. He is k/c/o partial complex seizures since he was three years old. At initial evaluation, he was anxious, agitated, and was complaining of insects crawling all over his body and entering into his mouth, ears, and nose. He was distressed and was trying to pick these insects from his body. He said that he was able to see them and was asking to switch off the light to get rid of them. Medications on admission were lev 500mg orally twice daily, valproic acid 500mg orally twice daily. The patient denied any recent medication changes, but his wife said he was taking one extra tablet of lev from last one week. No h/o of substance abuse or any recent head trauma. Physical examination was normal. Based on history, physical examination, and diagnostic tests, a diagnosis of lev-induced psychosis was made. Lev was stopped and olanzapine 5mg orally was started. The patient recovered from his psychotic symptoms over next 48 hours and was discharged home. Conclusion: This case report revealed that drug induced psychosis is one of the dose dependent side effect of lev. The early diagnosis by close clinical monitoring with regard to psychiatric adverse events and early treatment intervention is necessary. ER  - 
Patterns Of Psychiatric Co-morbidities In Patients Of Chronic Retroviral Disease On Anti Retroviral Treatment- A Retrospective Data Based Analysis Study$$$ Back Ground: WHO data highlights that globally 36.7 million people were living with HIV. However, there is sparse literature on mental health research in HIV and AIDS from developing countries such as india. Aims And Objectives: To study patterns of psychiatric co-morbidities and associated factors in patients of chronic retroviral disease on anti retroviral treatment. Methods: This was a retrospective data analysis of patients with diagnosis of chronic retroviral disease on anti retroviral treatment referred to psychiatry opd services from 1/8/2015 to 1/8/2016. Institution ethics committee clearance was obtained and data was analyzed with spss 17. Variables such as demographic factors, comorbid substance abuse, psychiatric co-morbidity, source of referral, neurological and medical co-morbidity, psychopharmacological and psychotherapeutic intervention were analyzed. Results: The study found that 14 patients of RVD on anti retroviral treatment had been referred for out patient psychiatric consultation over past 1 year. The overall rate of referral was low. Mean Age of sample was 47.8Yrs with sex profile being 50% male and 50%females. Majority of patients were from urban areas 57.1%. Most common neurological and medical co-morbidity were seizure and tuberculosis respectively. Psychiatric diagnosis analysis revealed that 60.5% Patients had depressive disorders, 21.4% had psychosis (organic psychosis),7.1% had AIDS related dementia , 7.1% had personality disorders and 3.8 % had manic episode. Maximum source of referrals were from Medicine department (21.4%) and NGO (20.8%). The most common prescribed drugs profile in the sample were escitalopram (5 mg to 20 mg), olanzapine (5 mg to 20 mg), donepezil ( 5 mg to 23.5 mg) and sodium valproate (500 mg to 1000 mg). Conclusion: Consultation liaison psychiatry in arena of mental health and HIV are further needed with larger sample size and longitudinal models. ER  - 
Disenrollment from general practitioners among chronic patients: a register-based longitudinal study of Norwegian claims data$$$ BACKGROUND: Norwegian general practitioners (GPs) consult on a variety of conditions with a mix of patient types. Patients with chronic diseases benefit from appropriate continuity of care and generally visit their GPs more often than the average patient. Our aim was to study disenrollment patterns among patients with chronic diseases in Norway, because such patterns could indicate otherwise unobserved GP quality. For instance, higher quality GPs could have both a greater share of patients with chronic diseases and lower disenrollment rates. METHODS: Data on 384,947 chronic patients and 3,974 GPs for the years 2009-2011 were obtained from national registers, including patient and GP characteristics, disenrollment data, and patient list composition. The birth cohorts from 1940 and 1970 (146,906 patients) were included for comparison. Patient and GP characteristics, comorbidity, and patient list composition were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Patients' voluntary disenrollment was analyzed using logistic regression models. RESULTS: The GPs' proportion of patients with a given chronic disease varied more than expected when the allocation was purely random. The proportions of patients with different chronic diseases were positively correlated, partly due to comorbidity. Patients tended to have lower disenrollment rates from GPs who had higher shares of patients with the same chronic disease. Disenrollment rates were generally lower from GPs with higher shares of patients with arthritis or depression, and higher from GPs who had higher shares of patients with diabetes type 1 and schizophrenia. This was the same in the comparison group. CONCLUSION: Patients with a chronic disease appeared to prefer GPs who have higher shares of patients with the same disease. High shares of patients with some diseases were also negatively associated with disenrollment for all patient groups, while other diseases were positively associated. These findings may reflect the GPs' general quality, but could alternatively result from the GPs' specialization in particular diseases. The supportive findings for the comparison group make it more plausible that high shares of chronic patients could indicate GP quality. ER  - 
A prospective evaluation of neurocognitive function and neurologic symptoms in pediatric and young adult patients with relapsed/refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) undergoing anti-CD22 chimeric antigen receptor therapy$$$ Introduction: Neurocognitive deficits and neurologic toxicity are known complications of ALL therapy, and cumulative therapy may make those with multiply relapsed disease more vulnerable. Novel targeted immunotherapies, such as blinatumomab or anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptors (CARs), despite promising results, are associated with neurologic toxicity, potentially related to cytokine release syndrome (CRS). Neurologic symptoms may include encephalopathy, seizures, and aphasia, but subtle toxicity is not easily captured by current grading systems. On our anti- CD22 CAR trial (NCT02315612), we prospectively evaluated neurocognitive function, developed a CAR-specific neurological symptom checklist, and incorporated CNS imaging to comprehensively assess for CAR related neurotoxicity. We describe the results in the first 9 consecutively enrolled subjects. Methods: Children and young adults with relapsed/refractory CD22+ ALL enrolled on a phase I dose escalation study of anti-CD22 CAR therapy were evaluated for neurotoxicity pre (baseline) and post-therapy (day 21-28 following infusion). Neurocognitive assessment was performed by psychologists who administered a brief (<1 hour), focused test battery to patients. The domains of attention (Flanker Attention and Inhibitory Control Test), working memory (List Sorting Working Memory Test), and cognitive flexibility (Dimensional Change Card Sort Test) were evaluated with the computerized NIH Toolbox, and processing speed was assessed with the Wechsler Processing Speed Index. Our neurologic symptom checklist, developed specifically to assess for CAR therapy related neurotoxicity, evaluated the severity (mild, moderate, severe) and duration (<24 hours, 24-48 hours, and >48 hours) of symptoms, including fever, visual and auditory hallucinations, responsiveness to commands, disorientation, depressed mood, and pain. The caregiver was asked to complete the checklist at baseline and then at approximately 14 and 21-28 days post-infusion; occasionally if the caregiver was not available, the adult patient completed it. Additionally, subjects underwent standard disease evaluation, including cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis at pre and post-therapy and a baseline brain MRI when feasible. Results: All 9 subjects, median age 20 years (range 7-22 years), had multiply relapsed ALL and had undergone at least one allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation, with 8 receiving prior total body irradiation. All were classified as CNS1 at enrollment. Baseline brain MRI was normal in 6 of 7 subjects, with one noted to have slight volume loss for age. Six of 9 developed CRS and 4 attained a complete remission (Table). Follow-up CSF studies performed in 8 subjects demonstrated CNS1 disease with anti-CD22 CAR-T cells detected in the CSF of 5 subjects. Seven of 9 subjects completed the baseline and 1-month follow-up neurocognitive evaluations (one patient had significant disease progression and was unable to complete the follow-up testing; one declined the follow-up assessment). At the 1-month follow-up assessment, all patients with completed evaluations exhibited stable cognitive functioning in all domains; a few had improved test scores. Seven patients had neurological symptom checklists completed at all time points, and two had the follow-up checklists completed based on medical record notes. As rated on the checklist, the symptoms developing between 7-14 days after CAR-T cell infusion were new onset of fever (n=5), pain (n=3), visual hallucinations (n=1), mild unresponsiveness to commands (n=1), and mild disorientation (n=1). No CAR related seizures, aphasia or encephalopathy was observed, and most symptoms had returned back to baseline or were mostly resolved by 28 days. There was no correlation between degree of neurotoxicity and CAR-T cell presence in CSF. Conclusions: In contrast to more severe neurologic toxicity seen with CD19 targeted therapy, repeated cognitive testing and observer-reported outcomes identified only mild-to-moderate symptoms of neurotoxicity related to CD22 CAR T cells, which were self-limited-including in those who attained remission with circulating CAR cells in the CSF. These systematic prospective neurocognitive assessments were feasible and allowed us to identify subtle symptoms of this new therapy. Further evaluation with more patients and longer-term follow-up is ongoing. ER  - 
Brain MRI findings and neuro-psychiatric involvement in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH)$$$ PNH is a rare disorder characterized by hemolytic anemia, marrow failure and thrombosis, due to a deficiency in GPI-anchored proteins. Thrombotic events in PNH are commonly described in hepatic, portal, mesenteric, splenic, and renal veins, along with anecdotic case reports of cerebral venous sinus thrombosis and arterial ischemic strokes. This study was aimed at investigate brain involvement in 19 asymptomatic PNH patients by nonenhanced cerebral magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and by intracranial arterial and venous angio-MRI. Neuroradiological findings were completed with a neuro-psychiatric evaluation, and correlated with clinical/hematologic features and therapy. Seventeen out of 19 patients were classical hemolytic (63% transfusion dependent before treatment with eculizumab and 1 patient also after), and 2 PNH in the context of aplastic anemia (all transfusiondependent until treatment with ATG-CyA). Median age at diagnosis was 44 years (range 17-80); asthenia and dyspnea on exertion were present in all patients, abdominal pain in 8, and a thrombotic event in 4. Median Hb was 9.6 g/dL (range 6.7-12.9), LDH 3.7-fold (range 1.2-16.3) over upper limit of normal (ULN), and 73% of patients displayed a clone size greater than 50% GPI negative cells; 10/19 of patients were on eculizumab at the moment of the study. On MRI, 11 subjects showed pathological findings: 9 cases displayed white matter (WM) abnormalities related to chronic ischemic small vessel disease, of whom 6 periventricular WM vascular degeneration, and 8 deep WM focal chronic ischemic lesions (5 cases have both sites involved). Moreover, 1 subject showed a focal abnormality >5 mm and 5 subjects a score > 4 as evaluated in WM and basal ganglia by the age related white matter changes (ARWMC) scale. No subject displayed active or previous bleeding, nor were focal alterations of the basal nuclei by the ARWMC scale found. Two patients (80 and 81 yrs) showed atrophy of the cerebral hemispheres. Regarding vascular abnormalities, one subject had hypoplastic left transverse sinus with irregularities in the sinus wall, suspected for prior partial venous thrombosis. Three further cases displayed hypoplastic transverse sinus associated with collateral draining cortical veins, indistinguishable from anatomical variants. Intracranial artery stenosis or aneurysm, and Moya-Moya like alterations were not observed. Finally, cerebral MRI was unremarkable in 8/19 subjects. By comparing patients with or without any MRI abnormality (WM and vascular alterations), mean age was significantly higher in the former (60+17 vs 43+8 yrs, mean+SD, p<0.05), whereas blood counts, hemolytic markers and clone size showed no remarkable differences. Hemoglobin at diagnosis was slightly lower (9.5+1.5 vs 9.9+1.6 g/dL, mean+SD), and LDH greater (5.8+4.4 vs 4.1+2.9 over ULN, mean+SD) in subjects who displayed MRI abnormalities. Moreover, individual hemoglobin levels negatively correlated with the ARWMC score (r=-0.45, p<0.05). No relationship was found between history of abdominal pain/thrombosis and MRI pathological findings. Likewise, MRI abnormalities were not correlated with disease duration. As regards therapy with eculizumab, a pathological MRI was found in 6/10 subjects under treatment and in 5/9 without; the sole significant vascular alteration was detected in a patient under treatment. Neurological examination was unremarkable in all patients but one, who complained of progressive rest tremor in his left arm and leg (twelve years after PNH diagnosis), and was diagnosed with possible Parkinson disease. Previous history of neurological disorders was observed in 3 patients: one typical transient global amnesia (at the age of 60), one seizures (at 5 years), and one headache before the diagnosis of PNH. Regarding psychiatric evaluation, 3/18 patients had a psychiatric disorder according to structured clinical interview for axis I DSM-IV-TR disorders (1 generalized anxiety disorder, 1 bipolar disorder type 2, and 1 adjustment disorder as a consequence of PNH diagnosis). No relationship was observed between MRI findings and neuro-psychiatric assessment. In conclusion, brain MRI revealed chronic ischemic and vascular lesions in 58% of asymptomatic PNH patients. Brain MRI is advisable at diagnosis and during the course of the disease, and WM lesion burden may be useful in the decision to start therapy. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive Therapy in Women: A Retrospective Study from a Mental Health Hospital in Turkey$$$ The aim was to evaluate the clinical profile and effectiveness of ECT in women. A retrospective chart review was carried out to identify female patients who had received ECT during the period September 2013–February 2015. Details regarding their sociodemographic, clinical, and treatment data were extracted from these records for the present study. The total number of patients, admitted to our psychiatry inpatient clinic during the survey period, was 802. During this period, 26 (3.24 %) female patients received ECT. Patients who received ECT were mostly in age group of 25–44 years (76.9 %). Twenty percent of patients were in the postpartum period. Psychotic disorders (46.1 %) was the most common diagnosis for which ECT was used, followed by bipolar affective disorder, current episode manic (19.2 %). At the end of ECT courses, 70 % of the patients showed good response with a CGI-I of 1 or 2, and 30 % showed minimal response with a CGI-I score of 3. The most common side effects were post-ECT confusion (15.4 %) and prolonged seizure (11.5 %). This rate of prolonged seizure was higher the rates reported in the literature. The bronchospasm related with remifentanil, post-ECT bradycardia, hypertensive crisis and oligohydramnios were also reported in one case each. ECT is a safe and effective treatment option in women with severe psychiatric disorders and disorders in the perinatal/postpartum period are a major area of ECT use. The female gender may be a contributing factor for the higher rates of prolonged seizure. ER  - 
Clinical and neurophysiologic characteristics of unprovoked seizures in patients diagnosed with dementia$$$ Seizures are a common comorbid condition in patients with dementia, but their characteristics have been poorly described. The authors performed a retrospective chart review using ICD-9 diagnosis codes consistent with seizures and with dementia. Seventy-seven patients were identified. Average age at onset was 68.1 years for cognitive symptoms, 71.5 years for dementia, and 73.9 years for seizures. Seizures preceded or followed cognitive symptoms (4.3 years before and 18.7 years after). At last follow-up, 12% of patients continued to have seizures. Findings show that unprovoked seizures can precede or follow the onset of dementia, but these seizures are controlled with medications in the majority of patients. ER  - 
Behavioral health in young adults with epilepsy: Implications for transition of care$$$ Aim Neurodevelopmental and behavioral health disorders commonly occur with epilepsy, yet risk for young adults is unknown. The aim of this study was to determine the distribution and risk characteristics of neurodevelopmental and behavior health comorbidities among young adults with epilepsy compared with those among young adults with migraine and healthy controls. Method A case-control study examining hospital admission, outpatient, and emergency department (ED) visits for young adults with an ICD-9-CM diagnosis of epilepsy, migraine, or lower extremity fracture (LEF) was conducted. The association of epilepsy, migraine, or LEF with comorbidities was evaluated with univariate and multivariate polytomous logistic regression. Results From 2000 to 2013, 29,139 young adults ages 19 to 25 years were seen in hospitals and EDs for epilepsy (5666), migraine (17,507), or LEF (5966). Young adults with epilepsy had higher proportions of behavioral health comorbidities (51.8%) compared with controls with migraine (37.6%) or LEF (21.6%). In young adults with epilepsy compared with migraine, the increased risk of having any behavioral health comorbidity was 76%, and neurodevelopmental comorbidity was 297%. After adjustment, young adults with epilepsy showed significantly higher odds of each behavioral health comorbidity compared with controls with migraine and LEF. Interpretation Young adults with epilepsy are particularly susceptible to behavioral health and neurodevelopmental disorders. Results are discussed within the context of transition to adult care. ER  - 
The Implications of Brain MRI in Autism Spectrum Disorder$$$ Our objective was to describe the types of providers who refer children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) for brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), the referral reason, and MRI results. The most common referral reasons were autism spectrum disorder with seizures (33.7%), autism spectrum disorder alone (26.3%), and autism spectrum disorder with abnormal neurologic examination or preexisting finding (24%). Neurology (62.5%), general pediatric (22.3%), and developmental/behavioral practitioners (8.9%) referred the most patients. The prevalence of definite pathology was highest in children referred for autism spectrum disorder with abnormal neurologic examination/preexisting finding (26.2%, 95% CI: 16.8%-36%), headaches (25.7%, 95% CI: 11.2%-40.2%), or seizures (22%, 95% CI: 14.6%-29.5%), and was lowest in children referred for autism spectrum disorder alone (6.5%, 95% CI: 1.5%-11.6%). We concluded that there is a low prevalence of definite pathology in children with autism spectrum disorder undergoing brain MRI. In children with abnormal neurologic examination or preexisting finding, seizures, or headaches, one may consider performing brain MRI given the higher prevalence of pathology. ER  - 
Agomelatine for the Treatment of Major Depressive Episodes in Schizophrenia-Spectrum Disorders: An Open-Prospective Proof-of-Concept Study$$$ Background: Depressive episodes in schizophrenia constitute a major clinical problem, and treatment success is often limited by treatment-emergent side effects. Agomelatine, an agonist at melatonergic MT1/MT2 receptors and 5-HT2C receptor antagonist, is a new antidepressant with a novel mode of action which constitutes a potential therapeutic option for depression in schizophrenia. Methods: Twenty-seven patients with lifetime diagnoses within the schizophrenia spectrum and comorbid depression were treated with agomelatine in addition to stable doses of antipsychotic agents. Severity of depression and other psychopathological domains (positive/negative symptoms, general psychopathology, psychosocial performance) was assessed regularly by means of standardized rating scales during a 6-week acute treatment phase as well as after a 6-week extension phase. Moreover, safety measures (electrocardiograms, laboratory counts, neurological and non-neurological side effects, sleep quality, sexual functioning) were monitored on a regular basis. Results: Depressive symptoms improved significantly during the 6-week acute treatment phase. In parallel, a significant improvement of negative symptoms, global psychopathology, and psychosocial performance was observed, whereas positive symptoms remained stable. Agomelatine was mostly well tolerated with predominantly mild and self-limiting side effects. However, pharmacokinetic interactions with antipsychotic agents were observed. Interestingly, the quality of sleep did not improve significantly, pointing toward mechanisms that do not depend on resynchronization of circadian rhythms. Conclusions: Agomelatine appears to be safe and efficacious in treating depressive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. The risk of pharmacokinetic interactions with antipsychotic agents warrants the need of therapeutic drug monitoring, and regular recording of vital signs seems necessary. Further randomized trials will have to confirm these findings. ER  - 
Review of systems questionnaire helps differentiate psychogenic nonepileptic seizures from epilepsy$$$ We investigated the utility of a very brief review of system (ROS) questionnaire in differentiating psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) from epilepsy. In this retrospective study, we investigated all patients with PNES admitted to Jefferson Comprehensive Epilepsy Center from October 2013 through April 2015. Patients with a confirmed diagnosis of PNES or epilepsy based on video-EEG monitoring were included. These were matched with respect to age and sex. All patients had a brief ROS questionnaire in their electronic charts. The questionnaire included 10 general yes/no questions about the presence or absence of any abnormality in body systems. Thirty patients with PNES and 30 patients with epilepsy were investigated. The mean of ROS responses for the presence of any abnormality (±standard deviation) for the PNES group was 2.43 (±1.33) and for the epilepsy group was 1.50 (±0.94) (p = 0.01). Cut-off point of three positive ROS was able to differentiate these two conditions from each another (p = 0.01; OR: 6, 95% confidence interval: 1.48–24.29). Presence of multiple complaints in the ROS questionnaire argues in favor of PNES compared with epilepsy. This brief and easy to apply ROS questionnaire may be used as a valuable ancillary tool to differentiate PNES from epilepsy during the initial screening visit. This may help prevent the delay in making the diagnosis. ER  - 
Intentional use of carbapenem antibiotics for valproic acid toxicity$$$ Learning Objectives: The interaction between valproic acid (VPA) and carbapenem (CPM) antibiotics is well described with previous reports suggesting a reduction in VPA half-life between 47-90%. Pharmacists routinely screen for such interactions and contact prescribers to prevent these medications from being given concomitantly. However, this decline in serum VPA half-life might be beneficial in the setting of toxic VPA ingestion. We describe the use of CPM antibiotics as potential treatment for VPA overdose in a patient with bipolar disorder. Methods: An intubated, unresponsive patient arrived via EMS after an estimated ingestion of 10 grams of VPA. Initial laboratory results were significant for a serum VPA concentration of 396.2 mcg/mL, which increased after 5.5 hours to 415 mcg/mL. He was given activated charcoal via nasogastric tube and IV levocarnitine. Since the chest radiograph was suspicious for aspiration pneumonia, the patient was prescribed IV cefepime and metronidazole. However, given the concern for the patient's comatose state and the potential interaction between VPA and CPM, this was intentionally changed to meropenem. The first dose was administered 1 hour after the peak VPA level and declined to 112.5 mcg/ mL just six hours later. Concentrations continued to decline over the next 11 hours to 16.2 mcg/mL. The patient became more alert and was extubated. He was discharged home after five days of hospitalization. This patient had previously been treated for VPA ingestion which allowed for comparison of VPA clearance with and without CPM therapy. The average half-lives of VPA were four and 9.6 hours respectively. We observed a 58% decline in half-life with short-term CPM dosing and an improvement in neurological exam shortly after administration. Results: This case report is 1 of 3 patients in a cases series who received a CPM for VPA overdose. This suggests a potential role for short-term CPM therapy to hasten improvement in neurological status and minimize toxicity from VPA overdose in patients without seizure disorders. ER  - 
Autoimmune (limbic and extralimbic) encephalitis - Our recent experience with the new etiology of epilepsy$$$ Introduction: The limbic encephalitis is quite a new unit of disorders manifested by the acute onset of epileptic seizures accompanied by an acute onset of the cognitive impairment and various psychiatric symptoms. Methodology: A retrospective analysis of the case studies of five patients admitted to the Teaching Hospital in Ostrava within the years 2011-2015 diagnosed by autoimmune encephalitis. The diagnosis was conducted through neurological assessment, electroencephalography, the cerebrospinal fluid analysis, paraneoplastic antibodies assay, specific autoimmune encephalitis antibodies assay, brain MR imaging and response to the therapy. Conclusion and discussion: Patients with an acute onset of epileptic seizures accompanied by the cognitive impairment should be primarily directed to the neurological assessment, cerebrospinal fluid analysis including the specific autoimmune antibodies assay and to the brain MR imaging. Some patients are possibly initially treated at psychiatric wards for the acute psychosis or at the infectious diseases wards for the viral/ herpetic encephalitis. Early diagnosis and treatment is crucial. Diagnosis can be conducted through the electroencephalography, brain MRI and cerebrospinal fluid analysis. The immunotherapy (administration of methylprednisolone, plasma exchange or intravenous immunoglobulins) should be initiated immediately after suspecting autoimmune encephalitis. Negative cerebrospinal fluid analysis finding does not eliminate the autoimmune brain inflammation. In case of paraneoplastic brain affection, the tumour removal and oncological treatment is the first line therapy. Three of our patients are continuously treated for the secondary epilepsy and are well compensated. The decision to terminate the corticosteroid therapy should be based on the follow-up cerebrospinal fluid analysis with the detection of low titres of specific autoimmune encephalitis antibodies or negative findings. The literature review is showing that the relapses of the disease are possible. We did not yet used the monoclonal antibodies (rituximab) therapy. The cooperation of neurologists, infectionists and psychiatrists is essential. ER  - 
One-year experience with noncompetitive ampa receptor antagonist perampanel - Focus on psychiatric adverse effects$$$ Purpose: Perampanel (PER) is a new antiepileptic drug (AED) licensed as an adjunctive treatment of partial-onset seizures and primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures. In the Czech Republic, PER is available since June 2015. We performed a retrospective analysis of one-year experience with PER in 47 patients treated in tertiary epilepsy centre. Method: The demographic and clinical data of the patients were collected by review of medical records in the hospital database. Type of epilepsy, seizure type and frequency, used PER dosage, concomitant AEDs, adverse effects and reasons for withdrawal were analyzed. Results: Out of 47 patients with drug-refractory epilepsy (23 females, median age 34, range 18-66), 45 had focal epilepsy, one generalized and one unclassified epilepsy. Apart from PER they were concomitantly treated with a median of three AEDs (range 1-5). Eight patients have undergone epilepsy surgery, 14 patients had vagus nerve stimulator. Positive effect was reported in 19 patients (40%), seven (15%) are still in titration phase. 21 patients (45%) were withdrawn from PER, 14 of them (67%) due to adverse effects, one because of no efficacy and six (29%) due to combination of both. Adverse effects at some point were reported by 31 patients (66%) in total, most common were fatigue (28%), dizziness (23%), instability (17%), speech difficulties (11%). Psychiatric adverse effects included change in behavior (15%), aggression (3%), one patient with depression and suicidal ideation and one case of psychosis which resulted in admission to a psychiatric ward, and all led to withdrawal of PER. Conclusion: In our experience, PER showed at least transient clinical effect in 48% of patients, most of them with refractory epilepsy. Psychiatric adverse effects were observed in 16% of patients and led to withdrawal of PER in all cases. ER  - 
Effect of lacosamide on depression and anxiety symptoms in patients with focal refractory epilepsy: A prospective multicenter study$$$ Purpose: Depression is the main psychiatric comorbidity in epilepsy with an estimated prevalence between 11% and 60%. The aim of this study is determine the modulating effects of lacosamide (LCS) on symptoms of depression, anxiety and quality of life in patients with focal onset seizures (FOS). The secondary objective was to determine if the potential variations in the variables were related to seizure control or instead with an intrinsic effect of lacosamide. Method: We performed a prospective multicenter study in seven tertiary epilepsy centers in adults with FOS in which LCS was initiated as add-on therapy. Patients were evaluated through BDI-II, STAI-A/B, HADS and QOLIE-10. Initiation of psychotropic medication was not allowed during the observation period. Evaluations were scheduled before use of LCS, 3 and 6 months after. Results: 49 patients were included (51% female) with average age of 39.5 years (range 18-65). In 65.3% LCS was used as first add-on. Based on BDI-II, 38.8% of patients had depressive symptoms and 46.9% according to HADS. 63.3% of patients presented a pathological state of anxiety (STAI-State). QOLIE-10 showed that 57.1% of patients had a relevant reduction in their quality of life. After LCS, the score on the BDI-II depression scale decreased significantly (p < 0.001). In the STAI and HADS-Anxiety scales, patients who started from a pathological anxiety baseline significantly improved. The QOLIE-10 decreased significantly over the observation period (p < 0.001). At 6 months, 28.3% of patients were seizure-free (67.4% were responders). The improvements on depression and anxiety scores were not statistically related to seizure control. Conclusion: LCS seems to have a positive effect on depressive and anxiety symptoms. Although the efficacy of LCS in seizure control was demonstrated, the modulating effect on mood and anxiety appears to be an independent factor. ER  - 
Evaluation of clinical features of patients with occipital lobe epilepsy, retrospectively$$$ Purpose: Occipital lobe epilepsy is not frequent among focal epilepsies. It may be under diagnosed. We report the features of 38 patients with occipital lobe epilepsy (OLE) evaluated in an outpatient clinic retrospectively. Method: We retrospectively evaluated 38 patients with OLE among 2,000 epilepsy patients. Patients were diagnosed as OLE if there is a typical semiology indicating an occipital onset such as visual auras and/ or if there is an EEG (interictal and/or ictal) abnormality pointing occipital electrodes and/or if there is a structural lesion limited to occipital lobes on neuroimaging. We assessed the gender and the age of the patients, onset age of seizures, physical examination, etiology, epileptic auras, etiology. Results: Thirty eight patients with OLE (17 female, 21 male with a mean age 28 at last visit were evaluated. The mean age at onset of seizures was 12 years (1-32 years). Neurologic examination revealed horisontal nystagmus in six of them, visual field defect in two of them and mental retardation in five. From the etiologic point of view; 18 had a structural lesions, 15 were unknown etiology, two were genetically determined and three were uncertain with the available data. Twenty one patients described auras preceding seizures including flashes, blurred vision and visual loss. On the other hand 4 of them had nausea. The frequency of the seizures of the 38 patients with anti-epileptic drug treatment: 5 of them had 1-3 seizures in a week, 13 of them had 1-3 seizures in a month and 20 of them had 1-3 seizures in a year. Conclusion: Occipital lobe epilepsy is probably under-recognized. Visual hallucinations are the key clinical symptoms indicating an occipital focus, but only 50% of patients approximately describe auras. Since the occipital lobe epilepsy is a challenging condition to diagnose and there is no common characteristics of the OLE we want to share the features of our patients. ER  - 
Switching from levetiracetam to brivaracetam with titration: The first open-labelled clinical observation in nine patients with difficult-To-Treat partial onset epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To evaluation the pragmatic clinical pathways for switching from Levetiracetam (LEV) to Brivaracetam (BRV) in patients with partial onset epilepsy (POE) suffering from nonpsychotic behavioral adverse events (BAEs) during LEV-Therapy. Method: A series of nine adult patients (aged >20 year.) with difficultto-Treat (POE) suffering from BAEs during Add-On-Therapy with LEV (1,000-2,500 mg/day) were enrolled. The switching from LEV to BRV was carried out within one-Two-week-overlapping period. The tapering of LEV was done during the titration of BRV from an initial daily dose of 25 mg 92 in the first week to 50 mg 92 in the second week by unchanged accompanied anticonvulsive drugs. The seizure frequency and intensity and side effects before and after switching were recorded via the diary by the patient. All patients were reevaluated every 2- 3 months in our epilepsy-outpatient department. Results: All nine patients finished the first observation period of three months and two of them are now in the fifth month. There were no obvious changes of seizure frequency and intensity before and after witching to BRV. The reported BAEs during LEV including depression, irritability, agitation, aggressive behavior, personality disorder, emotional lability were mostly improved in six patients, unchanged in two depressive patients in the first three months. An obstipation was reported by one patient. All patient tolerated BRV well. Conclusion: The switching from LEV to BRA with titration and overlapping period was well tolerated. Most of the patients in this trial profited from the reduced BAEs after the switching, which could be due to its novel mechanisms of action. A change of the anticonvulsive effectiveness between LEV and BRV was not observed. Therefore in patients suffering from BAEs an alternative therapy with BRV should be considered. Furth trials with larger sample size and longer observation period should be necessary to verify our pioneer results. ER  - 
Typical absence epilepsy with onset before the age of 4 years-report of eleven patient$$$ Purpose: Childhood absence epilepsy (CAE) typically starts between 4 and 7 years of age. Onset before 4 years is rare, and children with onset in first year of life are considered almost exceptional. Methods: We report the clinical and electrophysiologic features with follow -up of 11 children with typical absence epilepsy with range of onset from 6 months to 3.6 years (mean age of seizure onset 26 months), 9 girls and 2 boys. Results: All patient had episodes of unresponsiveness associated with bilaterally synchronous spike-And-wave discharges at 3 Hz with a normal background on EEG. Brain CT/MR was done in 9/11 patient, 7 was normal, one showed arachnoid cyst and one poreencephalic cysts. Eight of 11 patient had normal neurodevelopment, one had cerebral palsy, and two speech delay with ADHD. Seven pateints were seizure- fee (EEG normal) with initial monotherapy with valproic acid (VPA). In 1 patients first therapy was ethosuximide and in two lamotrigine without efect. Therapy was changed in VPA and from that moment there are seizure -free with normal EEG .In girl with Dravet syndrome presented with absence combinated with other types of seizures therapy with VPA was unsuccesful. One patient still had absence seizures with multiple AEDs (genetic evaluation of SLC2A1gene was negative). The youngest patient (onset of seizure -6 months) is seizure free for 3 years after medication withdrawal without neurodevelopmental delay. Conclusion: In our pateients absence seizures presenting before the age of 4 appeared to have quite a good long-Term clinical prognosis, the neuropsychological outcome was comparable to that of childhood typical absence epilepsy presenting after 4 years of age. The exceptions are patients with absence seizure associated with other forms of attacks. ER  - 
Let's do the induction of psychogenic seizures nonepileptic?$$$ Purpose: It has been reported that almost 10- 30% of the patients sent to the epilepsy centers with a diagnosis of refractory epilepsy were diagnosed with psychogenetic nonepileptic seizure (PNES). A wide variety of provocative methods are used to assist PNES diagnosis. In this study we aim to identify the effect of seizure induction on the diagnosis and prognosis of PNES. Method: We studied 67 cases that were administered intravenous saline and 274 cases that were diagnosed with PNES between 2003 and 2016 in order for PNES seizures to be diagnosed and for seizure semeiology to be identified in video-EEG monitoring unit.e effect of seizure induction on the diagnosis and prognosis of PNES. Results: Of the 61 patients, 65% were women and 35% were men with a mean age of 28. Provocation with intravenous saline was given to 61 ofthe 274 patients (22%), and 54 (90%) patients gave a positive response to the treatment. ent-> e effect of seizure induction on the diagnosis and prognosis of PNES. Conclusion: In this study we have concluded that provocative methods are practical, cheap and, most of all, effective for patients to accept a diagnosis. It should be remembered that explaining the diagnosis is the first and most important step of the treatment in clinical practice, and careful patient- doctor communication has a certain positive impact on patients0 seizure prognosis. ER  - 
Limbic encephalitis: The intriguing link between autoimmune processes, epileptogenesis and neurodegeneration$$$ Purpose: Limbic encephalitis (LE) is an overlooked, potentially treatable condition, typically characterized by subacute amnestic syndrome, psychiatric features (including behavioral/personality changes and mood disturbances) and seizures. Although LE was usually considered a paraneoplastic disease, it is now well acknowledged that in several cases, especially those related to neuronal surface antibodies, there is no association with malignancies and the prognosis is better, if treatment is promptly started. The aim of our study is to describe and analyze the electro- clinical characteristics, serological features, neuroimaging findings and outcome of 18 LE patients in order to further understand this complex condition and to improve its therapeutic strategies. Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study including adult patients with electro-clinical features consistent with the diagnosis of LE. Demographics data, seizure semeiology, EEG pattern, MRI features, complete CSF and serum findings were collected and reviewed. Results: 18 patients (10 males, mean age 62 years) were included in the study. All presented seizures at onset (11 complex partial, 5 simple partial); in 14 cases seizures were recorded (left temporal lobe onset in 4, right in 1, bitemporal in 9). 15 subjects had memory deficits; 10 presented behavioural/mood disorders; 6 suffered from insomnia and in 7 hyponatremia was documented. 11 individuals reported recent infections. In 10/ 18 patients autoantibodies were detected (3 anti-VGKC LGI-1, 4 VGKC Caspr-2; 1 anti-NMDAR, 1 anti-SOX-1, 1 anti-Ri/Hu). In 16 subjects brain MRI showed signal alterations in mesial temporal lobe at onset, which evolved to atrophy in 14. All patients received immunomodulating treatment (10 iv/po steroids alone, 5 steroids + intravenous immunoglobulin, 3 steroids + plasma exchange). 6/18 patients developed drug-resistant epilepsy; 15/18 presented memory deficits, psychiatric disturbances or both at follow-up. Conclusions: Early recognition of LE and prompt immunomodulating therapy are of great importance to prevent the development of neurological sequelae, particularly cognitive impairment. ER  - 
Glucose transporter 1 deficiency and growth hormone deficiency: Is there a link?$$$ Purpose: Glucose transporter 1 deficiency syndrome (GLUT1 DS) is an autosomal dominant disorder of brain energy metabolism caused by impaired GLUT1-mediated glucose transport across the bloo-brain barrier associated with mutation in the SLC2A1 gene. Patients present mild to severe motor delay and mental retardation; infantile-onset epilepsy usually resistant to antiepileptics, head growth deceleration, movement disorders (ataxia, dystonia, spasticity); and non-epileptic paroxysmal events (intermittent ataxia, periodic confusion, recurrent headaches. A few cases with growth failure and growth hormone deficiency (GHD) have been reported (1, 2). We evaluated four individuals with with GLUT1DS for growth failure and/or GHD. Method: >Four patients (two males and two females) with genetically confirmed, GLUT- 1 were observed over the last 2-year-period .Body height of the patients was monitored at follow-up and compared to the body height at birth and at the time of GLUT1DS diagnosis. Growth hormone (GH) and Insulin-like growth factor (IGF-1) were performed in each patient. Results: Three of the four patients show growth retardation. In one case we found a GH deficiency and started GH replacement therapy, with improvement. Only one patient with growth retardation., but normal GH values, performed ketogenic diet for drug-resistant seizure. Conclusion: Although the clinical spectrum of this disorder is expanding rapidly, the growth patterns and endocrine status of these patients are not well known and the effect of GLUT1 malfunction on endocrine system may be an important issue. The limited number of cases doesn't allow to explain the possible link between GHD and mutations in SLC2A1. Also, we suggest to investigate the endocrine status in GLUT1 patients. ER  - 
Levels of diagnostic certainty for nonepileptic attack disorder in the neuropsychiatry setting$$$ Purpose: Non-epileptic attack disorder (NEAD) is a medical condition commonly seen in neuropsychiatry services, often as a differential diagnosis of other neuropsychiatric conditions. Recommendations by the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Non-epileptic Seizures Task Force propose a four level hierarchical approach to establishing NEAD diagnosis, based on history, witnessed event, and electroencephalographic (EEG) investigation. We describe the clinical characteristics, investigations, management strategies and diagnostic levels of patients with NEAD at a specialist neuropsychiatry clinic. Method: Comprehensive clinical data from 148 consecutive patients with NEAD attending specialist neuropsychiatry clinics run by a single Consultant in Behavioural Neurology (2012-2015) were retrospectively reviewed. Results: Patients with NEAD were primarily referred to neuropsychiatry by Consultant Neurologists (n = 94; 63.5%). The majority of patients were female (n = 108; 73.0%), with a disease duration of 7.9 years (SD 10.4). Anxiety was the most common co-morbidity (n = 43; 26.7%). Categorisation of patients according to the ILAE Non-epileptic Seizures Task Force criteria was mainly based on clinical features and EEG findings, as only 7 (4.7%) patients had attacks witnessed by a specialist. The largest diagnostic categories were 'possible' (n = 54; 36.5%) and 'clinically established' (n = 40; 27.0%), followed by 'documented' (n = 12; 8.1%) and 'probable' (n = 5; 3.4%). EEGs were the most commonly performed investigation (n = 125; 84.4%). Selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors were the most frequently prescribed psychotropic medications (n = 48; 32.4%); 89 patients (60.1%) received behavioural therapy. There were no differences in pharmacological or behavioural management strategies across the patients categorised under different diagnostic levels. Conclusion: Patients with NEAD seen within neuropsychiatry settings are mainly assigned 'possible' and 'clinically established' levels of diagnostic certainty. Difficulty in capturing typical clinical events witnessed by an experienced clinician whilst on video-EEG can limit the clinical application of the 'documented' diagnostic level. If appropriate, active interventions are implemented irrespective of diagnostic levels to minimise delays in the neuropsychiatric care pathways. ER  - 
Management of adverse events due to perampanel and levetiracetam interactions$$$ Purpose: This study was performed to evaluate features of Perampanel and Levetiracetam Interactions and adverse events (AE) management. Method: Twenty-one children and adult (age range 9-38 years) with refractory epilepsy receiving 1-4 AEDs were included and treated with Perampanel. Baseline seizure frequency, type of AEDs and previous AE were determined during 3 month base-line period before add-on of Perampanel. Features of Perampanel and Levetiracetam interactions and AE management were investigated. Results: There were eight children with epileptic encephalopathy, refractory focal epilepsy with intellectual disabilities receiving 1-3 AEDs and 13 adult with refractory focal, generalized epilepsies receiving 2-4 AEDs. Ten patients received Levetiracetam in polytherapy before add-on of Perampanel. Adverse events of importance with perampanel included hostile behavior in 3 cases. Young man 30 y.o. with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome without seizure remission since onset at 4 year. Age had 100% seizures regress with hostile behavior. Similar hostile behavior he had due to add-on of Levetiracetam 2 years earlier with positive effects from antipsychotics. We used antipsychotic during 3 month up-Titration of perampanel with positive result of seizure freedom without additional AE. At present time patient continues intake Perampanel and Levetiracetam without behavioral AE, antipsychotics and had seizure freedom. Woman in age 36 years with normal intellect discontinued up-Titration of perampanel in dosages 4 mg due to hostile behavior. Girl in age 9 year with polymicrogyria, epileptic encephalopathy, and intellectual disability discontinued up-Titration of perampanel due to behavioral AE. AE management didn't use in last cases. Good tolerability with perampanel was estimated in all other cases with individualized approach to dosing, including slower uptitration and bedtime dosing. Conclusion: Interactions Perampanel and Levetiracetam had frequent adverse events with hostile behavior in up-Titration of perampanel period. It is temporary adverse event with positive effect from antipsychotics. Adverse events management allows achieving seizure freedom in patients with refractory epilepsies. ER  - 
Cognitive behavioural therapy vs. Standardised medical care for adults with dissociative non-epileptic seizures (codes): Progress in a randomised controlled trial$$$ Purpose: Our prospective, pragmatic multi-centre randomised controlled trial (RCT) aims to evaluate the clinical and cost effectiveness of Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) (plus Standardised Medical Care - SMC) compared to SMC alone in adults with dissociative seizures (DS). This will provide further evidence for the effectiveness of psychotherapy in this disorder. Methods: Adults with DS without active epilepsy receive their DS diagnosis and DS-related information from a neurologist/epilepsy specialist. Seizure occurrence is monitored fortnightly. Three months later they undergo psychiatric assessment and receive further DS-related information Those patients whose DS have continued within the previous 8 weeks and who meet study eligibility criteria will, if in agreement, give consent to undertake baseline assessments and be randomised to receive either 13 sessions of CBT (including a booster session) plus SMC or SMC alone. Patients will undergo fortnightly DS frequency monitoring and outcomes will be measured at 6 and 12 months after randomisation. An intention-To-Treat analysis will evaluate outcomes relating to DS frequency, severity and freedom, quality of life, psychological state, and health service use. We will also investigate qualitatively participants' experiences of the interventions. Results: At least 26 neurology and 16 psychiatry services in England, Wales and Scotland have been participating in the trial. By the end of February 2016 we had already recruited 422 patients into the screening phase and randomised 186 patients into the RCT. 84 patients had commenced their CBT sessions and 42 had received at least 9 CBT sessions to date. Six-month follow-ups are underway and 12-month follow-ups have started. Conclusions: The design and up-To-date progress will be described, along with the challenges of running an RCT with this patient group. Nonetheless, the successful recruitment to this study so far demonstrates that fully-powered RCTs are possible in patients with DS. ER  - 
An RCT of self-management education in epilepsy: Characteristics of participants at baseline$$$ Purpose: Group self-management education courses for people with epilepsy have been tested in some countries, but not in the UK. We are doing a multicentre, randomised controlled, single-blind trial, evaluating the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of a two-day English language Self- Management education course for epILEpsy (SMILE) in the UK. This was adapted from a course developed and tested in German-speaking countries (MOSES). Our purpose here is to describe and analyse the relationship between important characteristics of trial participants at baseline. Method: We recruited adults attending epilepsy clinics in SE England, reporting 2 or more seizures in the prior year. The primary outcome is patient-reported epilepsy-specific quality-of-life (QOLIE-31). Secondary outcomes include seizure recency, co-morbidity, psychological distress measured by the Hospital Anxiety and Depression rating scale (HADS), service use and other variables. Results: Of 404 participants recruited, mean age was 42 years, 75% were of white ethnicity, and 46% were male. Epilepsy had been diagnosed a mean of 21 years previously, 72% reported one or more seizures per month, and 46% reported having a second significant medical and/or psychological condition. Psychological distress symptoms endorsed on the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale suggest 54% had case or borderline case levels of Anxiety and 28% of Depression. Average epilepsyspecific quality-of-life (QOLIE-31) score was 66 (maximum 100). In the 12 months prior to recruitment 42% reported visiting Emergency Departments, a mean 3 times, with 18% admitted to hospital; however, only 52% had visited their General Practitioner during the same period. Conclusion: This group of participants recruited via epilepsy clinics had chronic, poorly controlled epilepsy. Half had other significant conditions, and a third had case-level anxiety and/or depression. The relationship between these characteristics will be presented, and implications in terms of cost and the potential for improving organization and delivery of epilepsy services. ER  - 
The Rome study (retrospective observational multicenter study on esl): 'Efficacy and tolerability of eslicarbazepine acetate (esl) as adjunctive therapy for adult patients with partial onset seizures and global effect on quality of life'$$$ Purpose: The efficacy of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) as adjunctive therapy for persons with refractory partial onset seizures (PrPOS) has been demonstrated in three randomized double blind controlled trials. We aimed to confirm ESL efficacy and tolerability as adjunctive therapy in PrPOS, as well as to determine ESL benefits on quality of life in "real-life". Method: We retrospectively evaluated 50 (48 ± 14 years old) PrPOS (23 males, 46%) treated with adjunctive ESL for ≥2 months. We compared seizure frequency, treatment retention, ADRs/SADRs, concomitant AEDs and scores of Stanford Sleepiness Scale (SSS), Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), QOLIE-31 and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) scales at baseline and after ≥2 months of ESL. Results: Before ESL, our patients complained 10 ± 21 seizure/months and took 2.0 ± 0.8 drugs in association with ESL. They had 17 ± 13 years of epilepsy history and tried 3 ± 1 drugs before taking ESL. At the end of follow-up (96 ± 28 days of ESL exposure) ESL reduced seizure frequency of ≥50% in 60% of them, with 31% seizure free. 10% had a ≤50% seizure reduction and 29% did not experienced any change. 15 experienced ADRs (the most common were vertigo in 6 and hyponatremia in 4) and of these 12 withdrew treatment due to their effects; 2 presented SADRs (symptomatic hyponatremia). Retention rate was 74%. ESL reduced the number of concomitant drugs (1.5 ± 0.7; v2 = 9.52, df 3, sig. 0.23), sleepiness (SSS: 3.2 ± 1.8 at baseline, 2.5 ± 1.6 after ELS, p = 0.031; ESS: 6.2 ± 3.5 at baseline, 4.0 ± 3.5 after ESL, p = 0.0000002), while ameliorated QOLIE-31 (49.4 ± 17.8 at baseline, 62.6 ±16.0 after ESL; p = 0.000002) and mood (BDI 13.7 ± 9.2 at baseline, 6.1 ± 7.1 after ESL; p = 0.000012) with a normalization of BDI results in 90% of depressed patients. Conclusion: Preliminary data on our "real-life" experience suggest that ESL is an effective and safe antiepileptic drug when used as adjunctive therapy in adult PrPOS. ESL effectiveness results in an improvement of global quality of life and mood disorders. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of eslicarbazepine acetate as monotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed partial-onset seizures$$$ Purpose: To describe the safety of once-daily (QD) eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) as assessed in a phase-III, randomized, double-blind, active-controlled, non-inferiority monotherapy study in adults with newly diagnosed partial-onset seizures (POS), in comparison with twicedaily (BID) controlled-release carbamazepine (CBZ-CR). Method: Patients (≥18-years) were randomized (1:1) to receive either ESL or CBZ-CR in a 3-step dose-level design. Each dose-level was to be maintained through a 26-week Evaluation-Period (EP) and increased to the next dose-level in the event of seizure during EP. Dose-level A was ESL 800 mg/day or CBZ-CR 400 mg/day, Dose-level B, ESL 1,200 mg/ day or CBZ-CR 800 mg/day, and C was ESL 1,600 mg/day or CBZ-CR 1,200 mg/day. Subjects who remained seizure-free at any dose-level continued through subsequent periods/phases. Safety assessments included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs), laboratory tests, physical/neurological examinations, electrocardiogram, C-SSRS and BL-VAS. Results: From the 815 randomized patients, 813 were included in the safety analyses (ESL, 401; CBZ-CR, 412). A similar percentage of subjects experienced at least 1 TEAE in the ESL group (75.3%) and CBZCR group (77.7%) and the majority of events were of mild intensity. TEAEs considered at least possibly related to treatment were reported by fewer subjects in the ESL group (41.1%) than in the CBZ CR group (49.5%). The most frequently reported possibly-related TEAEs were (ESL; CBZ): headache (6.5%; 5.6%), dizziness (7.2%; 6.8%), nausea (4.5%; 6.8%), fatigue (4.7%; 4.4%), somnolence (5.2%; 7.0%) and increased gamma-glutamyltransferase (2.7%; 12.4%). Fewer subjects discontinued treatment due to a TEAE in the ESL group (13.5%) compared to the CBZ-CR group (18.0%). In 4 subjects reported TEAE led to death; all were considered to be not related to therapy with the exception of suicide in the CBZ-CR group (possibly related). Conclusion: Once-daily ESL monotherapy demonstrated favorable safety in the study population. No new or unexpected safety findings emerged, compared with the adjunctive studies. ER  - 
Glucose transporter deficiency type 1 (glut1- ds) due to gene slc2a1 mutations - Howoften epileptic patients display movement disorders. Experience from one polish medical centre$$$ Purpose: Presentation of the clinical picture of movement disorders and epilepsy phenotypes in patients with GLUT1- DS. Method: The subjects were 6 children aged 3.5-12 years, clinically diagnosed with GLUT1-DS confirmed molecularly. The mutations in the SLC2A1 gene were mainly de novo but in one case it was inherited from father with schizophrenia. Detailed clinical and CSF analysis was performed for all of them. Results: Epilepsy was diagnosed in 5 out of 6 patients (pts) with GLUT1-DS. There were epilepsy with polymorphic seizures (in 3), epilepsy with absences of early onset (1), epilepsy with myoclonic-Astatic seizures (1). Mean age of epilepsy onset was 1.5 years of life 6 weeks to 3.5 years). Varies movement disorders (GLUT1-DS2/DYT18 in 3pts, and DYT 9 in the other two, and ataxia in one child) were present in all 6 patients with mean age of onset 3.5 years of life (1-10 years). Mental development was normal in two children, mild mental retardation in 3 children, and severe in 3 ones. Head circumphrence was normal in two children, in others head growth decelerated over time. CSF examination showed hypoglycorrhachia (34-40 mg%). Glucose index was between 0.39 and 0.50. Ketogenic diet or modified Atkins diet were advised. Conclusion: Epilepsy in all our patients was accompanied by movement disorders. The mean age of epilepsy onset was earlier than mean age of onset of movement disorders. GLUT1 -DS should be suspected in children of any age presenting with any form of intractable epilepsy with seizures of various types, often combine with movement disorders, especially triggered by exercise or fasting, and displayed any unexplainable cognitive and neurological deterioration, and head growth deceleration. Early identification and molecular confirmation of GLUT1 DS is important as this metabolic disorder can be successfully treated with the ketogenic diet. ER  - 
The role of anti-epileptic drugs as a cause of behavioral problems in children with tuberous sclerosis complex: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Purpose: To explore associations between disorders in neurodevelopment, behavioral problems, anti-epileptic drugs (AED) and severity of epilepsy in children with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). Method: 118 children, referred to the Wilhelmina's Children's hospital with definite TSC and epilepsy, aged 2-18 years, were included in a retrospective case-control study. AED exposure was evaluated, with AEDs being classified into 6 main categories by mechanism of action: GABAerg, glutamate-excitatory antagonists, sodium channel blockers, calcium channel blockers, a2δ-2 subunit modulators and levetiracetam. Two types of exposure were distuingished: "recent initiation" and "current use." Data on the following major behavioral problems were collected: Any behavioral problem, temper tantrums, aggressive behavior, attentional, eating, and sleeping problems. Patients reporting any of these problems were selected as index cases. Case controls were patients without behavioral problems at the index date. Index date was defined as age from start of treatment. With conditional multivariate logistic regression, associations between AED exposure and behavioral problems were identified. Results: 59% of patients reported any behavioral problem. Current use of levetiracetam was significantly associated with any behavioral problem (OR 2.24; 1.17-4.29) and with development of sleeping problems (OR 2.80; 1.10-7.15). Sleeping problems were also significantly associated with ADHD (OR 4.87; 1.35-17.64) and with autism or autism traits (OR 2.72; 1.15-6.42). Attentional problems were significantly associated with current use of glutamate antagonists (OR 3.43; 0.77-15.36), and with having a TSC2 mutation (OR 4.80, 1.0-22.92). Children with aggressive behavior were more likely to be male (OR 3.75; 1.63-8.62). Children with current use or recent initiation of calcium channel blockers reported less attentional problems (OR 0.27; 0.05-1.53) or less sleeping problems (OR 0.14; 0.02-0.89), respectively. Conclusion: Although behavioral problems are seen in a significant number of TSC patients, the association with AED use is limited, with the exception of use of levetiracetam and glutamate antagonists. ER  - 
Retrospective study about effectiveness and tolerability of perampanel in drug resistant myoclonic epilepsies$$$ Purpose: Perampanel is an antiepileptic drug (AED) approved as adjunctive therapy in focal seizures with or without generalization in patients ≥ 12 years with epilepsy. Our objective was to evaluate the effectiveness and tolerability of perampanel when used as add-on treatment in drug-resistant myoclonic seizures. Method: Retrospective multicenter study including 31 patients with drug-resistant myoclonic seizures who were prescribed perampanel as add-on treatment. Demographic data, epileptic syndrome, seizure types, seizure frequency, titration rate of perampanel, effectiveness and tolerability were analyzed. Results: There were 12 men and 19 women, mean age 36.1 years, mean time of evolution of epilepsy 18.5 years. Patients displayed a combination of myoclonic seizures (100%, daily in 51.6%), generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS, 54.8%) and absence seizures (16.1%). Diagnosis included juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (12), postanoxic myoclonus (5), MERRF (3), Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (1), progressive myoclonic epilepsy of undetermined cause (5) and others (5) (mitochondrial disease, Jeavons syndrome, heterotopias, dento-rubro-pallidoluysian atrophy). They had taken previously a mean of 5.03 AEDs and were taking a mean of 2.4 concomitant AEDs (LEV, VPA, BZD and ZNS). The most frequently used titration rate was 2 mg/2 weeks. Mean time with perampanel was 6.63 months. Most common final dose was 6 mg. 23/31 patients had at least 6 months of follow-up. There was a 75% decrease in myoclonic seizures in 40.9% of patients, and 75% decrease in GTCS in 9.1%; 45.5% were free of myoclonic seizures and 72.7% were free of GTCS. The most frequent side effects were psychiatric (from irritability to psychosis), dizziness and instability, mostly resolved with dose reduction. Only two patients discontinued perampanel due to side effects. Conclusion: Perampanel seems to be a very effective drug to treat drugresistant myoclonic seizures associated or not with GTCS. It is generally well tolerated, but may cause side effects which require follow-up or dose-reduction. ER  - 
Status epilepticus - Can data from the past change our strat-egy today?$$$ Purpose: The evaluation of patients admitted with status epilepticus (SE) to the University Hospital Ostrava in 2010-2015, focused on the semiology, etiology and treatment. Methods: All patients admitted with SE were retrospectively analyzed. Multiparametric assessment was performed using standard statistical methods. Results: We identified 85 hospitalizations 41 men and 44 women cases. The average age was 60.81 20.91, with the median 63 years. The average duration of hospitalization was 11.12 ± 10.09 days, median 8 days. The etiology included poststroke SE (37), lack of efficacy ofAED (19), chronic alcohol abuse (13), tumor (11), multiple sclerosis (3) autoimmune encephalitis (3). The main semiology was focal onset evolving into bilateral convulsive SE (44). Repeated focal motor seizures, ictal paresis, unknown whether focal or generalized all equally contributed for 7 admissions. The main EEG findings included focal specific ictal activity (47), specific generalized (13) and non-specific findings (13). All patients received diazepam as a first line treatment; the most frequently used drug during the hospitalization was valproic acide (71), followed by levetiracetam and phenytoin (30 and 29 respectively) and thiopental in 8 cases. In 51 cases patients were discharged home, 23 cases after SE were transferred to other hospitals and 11 events were fatal (12.94%, n = 85). We focused on the group of 13 patients who were admitted repeatedly, in regards of their etiology, semiology and treatment. The most severe diagnosis was super refractory SE, type NORSE in 2 cases, of which one patient died and one survived with partial complex epilepsy syndrome. 1 patient died under diagnosis of non specific encephalopathy and cognitive decline, retrospectively anti-NMDAr encephalitis could not be excluded. Conclusion: Status epilepticus is a life threatening condition. A detailed retrospective analysis of each case using etiology, semiology and EEG findings should help predict severity, prognosis and outcome. ER  - 
Safety aspects of antiepileptic drugs used in epilepsy and other indications in Norway$$$ Purpose: Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are widely used both in epilepsy and in non-epilepsy disorders, such as psychiatric disorders, neuropathic pain and migraine. The purpose of this study was to compare the retention rates (which correlates to effectiveness) of the most commonly prescribed AEDs, in patients with epilepsy and non-epilepsy indications in Norway. Method: Data consisted of all prescriptions of AEDs from the Norwegian Prescription Database (NorPD) from 2004 to 2012. Variables included anonymous data regarding age, gender, reimbursement codes for specific diagnoses and utilization of AEDs. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis of a period of 3,285 days was used to estimate the cumulative probability of retention. Results: The calculated retention rates showed large differences in the retention rates for AEDs used in different indications. In epilepsy, levetiracetam (n = 9,397) had the longest retention rate with 48% as compared to lamotrigine (n = 17,421), valproic acid (n = 12,297) and carbamazepine (n = 10,891). In psychiatric disorders, pregabalin in anxiety (n = 916) had the best retention rate with 47%, but was used by a considerably lower number of patients than seen with lamotrigine in bipolar disorder (n = 24,110), retention rate of 37%. In pain, pregabalin/ gabapentin (n = 14,018/32,938) had the highest retention rates of 36% and 35%, respectively, while carbamazepine (n = 4,734) had a retention rate of 33%. Topiramate had the best retention rate in migraine with 37%. Conclusion: Both in patients with epilepsy and non-epilepsy disorders the retention rates of the newer AEDs are considerably better than for the older AEDs. This may reflect better effect and/or tolerability. Such studies are important and contributes to improved pharmacovigilance of AEDs in a national perspective. ER  - 
Deep brain stimulation of striatal white matter alters top-down control signals in cingulate and prefrontal cortices$$$ Background: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the ventral capsule/ventral striatum (VC/VS) has open-label efficacy in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and major depressive disorder (MDD). Mixed results in recent controlled trials highlight how little is understood about this invasive therapy's mechanisms. We previously reported that VC/VS DBS improves' patients information-processing on cognitive control tasks. We now present results linking that behavior change to changes in oscillatory neural firing related to topdown control. Methods: 14 patients with VC/VS DBS and severe MDD (two with comorbid OCD) performed the Multi Source Interference Task (MSIT) with DBS ON, then repeated the task after an hour with DBS OFF. We recorded 60-channel EEG during task performance, digitized electrode positions, and localized scalp EEG to cortical sources. A further four patients without psychiatric diagnoses completed a similar protocol in the epilepsy monitoring unit, in this case receiving intermittent stimulation through clinical electrodes passing through the internal capsule. In these patients, we assessed the behavioral effects of unilateral stimulation at multiple sites within the VC/VS. Results: In psychiatric patients, MSIT reaction times were 7% faster with DBS ON (t =-9.28, df = 3879, po2.8e-20, Wald test on GLM coefficients), even after controlling for within-block learning, repeated-measures testing, and confounding trial factors. Non-parametric regression of tasklinked EEG showed alpha and theta band changes in dorsal and rostral cingulate and bilateral DLPFC. All significant clusters (p<0.05 after FDR-adjustment) were 400-500 ms long, and showed an abrupt offset at the reaction time, indicating that the DBS effect was specific to task-induced oscillations. In epilepsy patients, VC/VS stimulation decreased reaction time up to 11%, but with anatomic specificity. Right dorsal VC/VS stimulation produced a profound behavioral effect (t =-4.39, df = 1056, po1.21e-5), while left ventral stimulation was ineffective (t = 0.22, df = 1056, p<0.83). Conclusions: Improved cognitive performance in humans receiving VC/VS stimulation is associated with changes in oscillatory phenomena previously linked to top-down executive control. This supports the hypothesis that DBS acts by modulating frontal structures through white matter pathways. A second set of experiments with acute stimulation suggest that the effect is linked to fibers passing through the right dorsal striatum, possibly those connecting thalamus to right dorsal cingulate. The anatomic specificity of the effect and task-driven electrophysiologic changes might be useable as biomarkers for closed-loop therapy titration to improve clinical response in MDD and OCD. ER  - 
Database application for analysis of post-mortem toxicology reports$$$ Background: The Human Brain Collection Core (HBCC) is a branch under the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) that specializes in collecting human brain tissues, the extraction of RNA and DNA from these tissues, and distribution of these samples to various collaborators within NIH and extramural in order to facilitate the study of mental dysfunctions. With the consent of the next-of-kin of the decedent, HBCC obtains postmortem brain tissue from various Medical Examiner's Offices. Donated brains are dissected and RNA and DNA is extracted from particular brain regions. Specimens are used in molecular and genetic studies on mental disorders. To ensure quality and scientific integrity, the brain tissue is examined for neuropathological changes, RNA and DNA samples are tested for RNA and DNA quality and the donors' blood is tested for toxicology. The goals of the project are to design databases that implement, and curate the vast amount of collected data: demographic, medical, quality control as well as the toxicology results. In this project, we focus on the toxicological data and hypothesize that due to the large variety of compounds being prescribed, there will not be a prevalent drug detected across all donors within a diagnostic group. Methods: HBCC uses two database applications, Specimen App and Phenotype App, developed in Visual Basic and MSSQL. These applications facilitate tracking of laboratory samples and clinical health records for the purposes of designing and conducting experiments. HBCC contracts with National Medical Services (NMS) to test donors' blood samples and produce a toxicology report. The toxicology report provides quantitative and qualitative data on various compounds detected in a donor's blood. A newly developed feature in Phenotype App categorizes the compounds in the Toxicology report following the Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical (ATC) classification system. The ATC classification system has five levels and categorizes drugs according to first their anatomical target and then their therapeutic, pharmacological, and chemical properties. The compounds tested in the NMS Forensics Panel were matched to DrugBank drug identifiers. The tests were then grouped by the ATC annotations. Results: Detection is limited to drugs used near the time of death because the toxicology was performed on postmortem blood. According to the results of our analysis, the most commonly used drugs among cohorts were antipsychotics (schizophrenia), psychostimulants and antiepileptics (bipolar disorder), drugs used in addictive disorders (substance abuse), and psychostimulants (depression disorders). Donors with bipolar disorder had a high detection of antiepileptic drugs, specifically clonazepam, used often as a sedative/antianxiety drug. Donors with substance abuse were positive for drugs used in addictive disorders which include illegal and recreational drugs. Conclusions: ATC classification system provides a finer grain modeling and a consistent method for associating compounds that were present in the donors' blood with drugs at the time of death. The pattern of drug use in different cohorts is very important in experimental design. Accordingly, ATC codes allow for easier data analysis and pattern recognition of compounds detected in specific diagnostic groups. While drug categories vary between cases, individual compounds were widely varied within the diagnostic groups. With the exception of an antiepileptic/anxiolytic drug clonazepam, no individual prevalence was observed. The toxicology feature has already proven useful for quality control on both diagnosis and laboratory procedures. The design and implementation of the new Toxicology feature within our Phenotype app was successful and we will be procuring the remainder of the toxicology data from NMS to expand the feature for the entire HBCC collection. ER  - 
Persistence in therapy with risperidone and aripiprazole in pediatric outpatients: A 2-year naturalistic comparison$$$ Objective: The practical effectiveness of second-generation antipsychotics in children and adolescents is an understudied issue. It is a crucial area of study, though, because such patients are often treated for long-lasting disorders. Methods: We carried out a 24-month (March 2012-March 2014) observational study on an unselected population of pediatric outpatients treated with risperidone, aripiprazole, olanzapine, or quetiapine aiming to (1) describe drug use, (2) compare post hoc the discontinuation rates due to specific causes and dose adjustments by Kaplan-Meier analyses between drugs, and (3) analyze predictors influencing these outcomes by Cox multivariate models. Results: Among 184 pediatric patients, 77% patients were prescribed risperidone, and 18% were prescribed aripiprazole. Olanzapine or quetiapine were scantly used; therefore, they were excluded from analyses. Risperidone was prevalent in younger, male patients with disruptive behavioral disorders; aripiprazole, in patients with tic disorders. Overall, discontinuations occurred mostly in the first 6 months, and, at 24 months, the discontinuation numbers were similar between users of risperidone and aripiprazole (41.5% vs 39.4%). In univariate analyses, dose reduction was higher for aripiprazole (P = .033). Multivariate analyses yielded the following predictors: for all-cause discontinuation, baseline severity (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.48, P = .001) and dose increase (HR = 3.55, P = .001); for patient-decided discontinuation, dose change (increase: HR = 6.43, P = .004; reduction: HR = 7.89, P = .049) and the presence of concomitant drugs (HR = 4.03, P = .034), while autistic patients discontinued less (HR = 0.23, P = .050); for clinician-decided discontinuation due to adverse drug reactions, baseline severity (HR = 1.96, P = .005) and dose increase (HR = 5.09, P = .016); for clinician-decided discontinuation due to inefficacy, baseline severity (HR = 2.88, P = .014) and the use of aripiprazole (HR = 5.55, P = .013); for dose increase, none; for dose reduction, the occurrence of adverse drug reactions (HR = 4.74, P = .046), while dose reduction was less probable in autistic patients (HR = 0.22, P = .042). Conclusions: The findings of this study show a similarity between the overall effectiveness of risperidone and aripiprazole in a real-life pediatric outpatient setting. ER  - 
Preliminary Predictors of Initial Attendance, Symptom Burden, and Motor Subtype in a US Functional Neurological Disorders Clinic Population$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Although many patients present with functional neurological symptoms (FNS), few US clinics offer specialized FNS care, and data on clinic attendees remain limited. We determined predictors of initial attendance, symptom burden, and FNS subtype in the first patients referred to our Functional Neurological Disorders Clinic for suspected FNS. METHODS: We reviewed the charts of 62 consecutive patients (46 women, 16 men). Regression analyses investigated predictors of keeping the first scheduled clinic appointment. For the 49 patients who did keep that appointment, regression analyses examined neuropsychiatric factors associated with symptom burden and motor FNS subtypes. RESULTS: The odds of not keeping the first appointment were 10.4 times greater for patients referred from the emergency department than from other sources. The patients who kept their appointment reported a symptom burden that was significantly associated with a past FNS-related emergency department visit and a diagnosis of another medically unexplained somatic syndrome. The number of FNS findings on neurological examination also correlated with a history of an FNS-related emergency department visit. Patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures reported cognitive complaints and prior psychiatric hospitalizations significantly more often than did patients with other FNS. One fourth of all patients had two or more motor FNS. CONCLUSIONS: In our FNS cohort, patients were less likely to keep an initial clinic appointment if they were referred from the emergency department than from other sources. Patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures were more likely to report cognitive symptoms and past psychiatric hospitalizations than patients with other FNS. ER  - 
Normal Sleep from Infancy to Adolescence$$$ Age is presumably the essential factor in determining how humans sleep. Sleep patterns evolve in complex ways. This review is aimed to collect literature data about normal sleep, considering most relevant sleep studies published in the last decades, covering subjective and objective parameters, as well as neurophysiological studies on arousal development and sleep spectral analysis studies on sleep and brain maturation. According to subjective studies, sleep duration expresses the highest interindividual variability during the first years of life, becoming more stable across preschool and school ages, especially during weekend days or holidays. All these studies reported differences between sleep duration during weekday and weekend days, mostly due to earlier rise time for school time. Moreover, literature data showed a significant and worldwide decline in sleep duration and a later bedtime compared with the last century. Polysomnographic studies indicate that total sleep time in children older than 5 years did not really change with age, in contrast to what was generally suggested in several small studies. Changes seemed to be related to environmental factors rather than to biological changes. Studies about sleep microstructure (arousal levels, slow-wave activity, cyclic alternating pattern [CAP] analysis) need to be encouraged, considering the evident correlation between these sleep markers and sleep quality, brain maturation and cognition. Despite these evidences, there is a paucity of sleep normative data about CAP across developmental age, and many questions remain open about the scoring of arousals. ER  - 
Analysis of the safety of adjunctive continuous infusion ketamine for maintenance sedation in critically ill patients$$$ INTRODUCTION: Ketamine is a nonbarbiturate anesthetic with sedative and analgesic properties. Despite a recent increase in the utilization of ketamine across the country, there is a limited amount of data evaluating its use for maintenance sedation in critically ill patients. RESEARCH QUESTION OR HYPOTHESIS: Is the use of ketamine as an adjunct for maintenance sedation in the intensive care unit (ICU) safe? STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective, cohort study. METHODS: This study included critically ill patients > 18 years old receiving adjunctive continuous infusion ketamine (ketamine group) or either two high-dose or three continuous infusion sedatives at any dose (standard therapy group) for > 6 h. Exclusion criteria included history of seizure, outpatient antipsychotic or antiepileptic use, use of ketamine for status epilepticus, or pregnancy. Primary outcome was a composite safety outcome of rate of new onset seizure, malignant arrhythmia, malignant hypertension, and emergence phenomenon. Secondary outcomes were each component of the primary outcome, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of ICU and hospital stay. Outcomes were compared utilizing appropriate statistical tests. RESULTS: A total of 616 patients were included in this analysis (ketamine=160, standard therapy=456). Significantly more ketamine patients were located in the cardiothoracic and general surgery ICUs. Ketamine patients were more likely to meet the primary composite safety outcome compared to standard therapy patients, 28.1% versus 14.2% (p<0.0001), respectively. This was driven by an increase in the rate of seizure (3.1% versus 0.7%, p=0.03) and emergence phenomenon (19.4% versus 7.6%, p<0.0001). Ketamine patients also had a significantly longer length of ICU (15.5 days versus 12.7 days, p=0.01) and hospital stay (24.8 days versus 19.4 days, p=0.003). CONCLUSION: Adjunctive ketamine for maintenance sedation may have worse outcomes compared to standard therapy. Additional analysis on patient selection, monitoring, and efficacy are needed. ER  - 
Demographic characteristics, obstetric and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women infected with hepatitis C virus$$$ OBJECTIVES: Opiate addiction in pregnancy has increased five-fold in the last decade and intravenous opioid use is associated with the acquisition of blood borne pathogens, such as hepatitis C virus (HCV). In pregnancy, perinatal HCV transmission occurs in 5.8% of HIV uninfected women. Our objectives were to a) determine the prevalence of HCV infection at a large tertiary care maternity hospital over the last decade, b) describe the characteristics of pregnant women with HCV and c) compare obstetric and neonatal outcomes between HCV-infected and non-HCV infected pregnant women. METHODS: A retrospective cohort of 88,317 pregnant women between January 1, 2006 and December 31, 2014 was identified. HCV infection was defined by an HCV positive antibody screen and extracted from medical records using ICD-9 diagnostic codes. HCV prevalence by year was evaluated using chi-square for linear trend. Demographic characteristics, insurance provider, birth weight, gestational age at delivery, Apgar scores, neonatal seizures and neonatal abstinence syndrome were compared in women with HCV to those without HCV using Fishers exact test. RESULTS: Over a 9 year study period, 1049 (1.2%) pregnant women were HCV infected. In bivariate analyses, HCV infected women were more likely younger (<30 years of age) (66% vs. 53%, p <0.001), Caucasian (93% vs. 72%, p<0.001) and have medical assistance (77% vs. 29%, p<0.001) than HCV uninfected women (Table). Infants born to HCV infected women were more likely to be preterm (< 37 weeks gestation) (22% vs. 11%, p<0.001) and low birth weight (< 2,500 grams) (23% vs. 8%, p<0.001) (Table). Over time, rates of HCV infection increased from 1031 per 100,000 women in 2006 to 1632 cases per 100,000 women in 2014 (p<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: The epidemic of drug abuse in women has resulted in an increase of HCV infection among pregnant women. Screening for substance use disorders in pregnancy is critical to identify women at risk for HCV infection. Once HCV infection is identified in pregnancy, patients should receive recommendations regarding HCV treatment options, education regarding mechanisms of HCV transmission, and counseling regarding the importance of neonatal follow-up for identification of perinatal transmission. ER  - 
NEAD/FUNCTIONAL WEAKNESS-COMORBIDITIES & DIAGNOSIS EFFECT$$$ Non-epileptic attack disorders (NEAD) and functional weakness present diagnostic and therapeutic challenges for both neurologists and psychiatrists. Compounded by limited hard evidence, pathways for the treatment of functional disorders are often poorly organised. This study was a historical review of 56 patient records. 45 patients had NEAD (2 with additional functional weakness) and 11 patients functional weakness only. 60.7% of patients were female, with a mean age of 44.2 years. Delay to diagnosis was 32.1 (±16.2) months. 81% of patients with functional weakness were referred from their GP, but only 51% for NEAD. No GP surgeries were identified for targeted intervention. Co-morbidities varied noticeably with diagnosis: history of epilepsy and anxiety prominent for NEAD versus other functional disorders and headache in functional weakness. Analysis of admissions data showed that for NEAD, diagnosis reduced admissions significantly, whereas this was not the case for functional weakness. This retrospective case review suggests a potential difference in co-morbidities and response to diagnosis between patients with NEAD and patients with functional weakness, and highlights the importance of early diagnosis in NEAD. ER  - 
AN RCT of SELF-MANAGEMENT EDUCATION in EPILEPSY: PARTICIPANTS at BASELINE$$$ Background We are doing a multicentre, randomised controlled trial evaluating the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of a two-day Self-Management education course for epILEpsy (SMILE (UK)), which was developed in Germany (MOSES). Methods We recruited participants attending epilepsy clinics in SE England, reporting 2 or more seizures in the prior year. The primary outcome is patient-reported quality of life. Secondary outcomes include seizure frequency, psychological distress, and stigma among other variables. This presentation describes important characteristics of participants at baseline. Results Of 404 participants recruited, mean age was 42 years, 75% were of white ethnicity, and 46% were male. Epilepsy had been diagnosed a median of 18 years previously, 72% reported one or more seizures in the prior month, and 46% reported another significant medical and/or psychological condition. Psychological distress symptoms endorsed on the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale suggest case or borderline case rates of Anxiety of 54%, and of Depression of 28%. The average epilepsy-specific quality-of-life (QOLIE-31) score was 66 (maximum 100). Discussion This group of participants recruited via epilepsy clinics had chronic, poorly controlled epilepsy. About half reported other significant conditions and borderline or case-level symptoms of anxiety. The relationship between these and other characteristics will be presented. ER  - 
THE ACUTE COMPLICATIONS of MELAS: A CASE SERIES$$$ Mitochondrial cytopathies are maternally inherited disorders of ATP production, with a predilection for primarily affecting the CNS. Many clinical phenotypes exist, each with varying involvement of skeletal and cardiac muscles, the kidneys and gastrointestinal system. Mitochondrial cytopathies can present early in life, but increasingly neurologists are faced with acute presentations of mitochondrial disease in adulthood. MELAS (mitochondrial encephalopathy, lactic acidosis and stroke-like syndrome) is a mitochondrial disorder that can present both insidiously and acutely. Common acute features are encephalopathy, seizures and metabolic strokes. This case series explores four patients who presented acutely with complications secondary to their MELAS. Through retrospective analysis of casenotes, the aim was to compare and contrast the clinical features and management of admissions, in the hope of understanding more about the ways these patients can acutely decompensate. Important findings include the multisystemic nature of acute admissions; sepsis as a trigger for metabolic crises; seizures that are characteristically refractory; the common occurrence of encephalopathy and psychosis; and a case of acute life-threatening hyponatraemia secondary to MELAS decompensation. Whilst these four patients demonstrate many valuable learning points about acute mitochondrial crises, the most striking is the widespread nature of organ involvement, which rarely seems to occur in isolation. ER  - 
Safety of long-term use of lamotrigine for the treatment of psychiatric disorders$$$ Objectives: Lamotrigine (LTG) is a drug commonly used to treat epilepsy and can also be used tomanage mood disorders, such as bipolar disorder. One of the most dangerous adverse effects of LTG is skin rash, which can make early cessation necessary. Here, we examine the adverse effects associated with long-term use of LTG for the treatment of mood disorders. Methods: Data were obtained from the medical records of 101 psychiatric patients who were prescribed long-term treatment with LTG. Patients were retrospectively divided into those who discontinued treatment within 6 months and those who continued for longer, and the groups were compared for adverse effects. We also compared the incidence of adverse effects in high and low doses. Results: Fifty-four patients continued LTG treatment for 6 months or longer; 47 discontinued within 6 months. A history of allergy was more prevalent among the patients who discontinued treatment early than in those who continued. Of the patients who continued treatment for 6 months or longer, only 2 later discontinued treatment because of adverse effects. Lamotrigine monotherapy showed no difference in the incidence of adverse effects for different doses of LTG (>200 mg = 4.8% vs >100 mg, ≤200 mg = 7.7%; P = 1, vs >50 mg, ≤100 mg = 0%; P = 1 vs ≤50 mg = 0%; P = 1). Conclusions: Clinicians must bemindful of the adverse effects occurring early during the titration phase. However, long-term use of LTG was very well tolerated, even at high maintenance doses. ER  - 
Sluggishness of early-stage face processing (N170) is correlated with negative and general psychiatric symptoms in schizophrenia$$$ Patients with schizophrenia consistently exhibit abnormalities in the N170 event-related potential (ERP) component evoked by images of faces. However, the relationship between these face-specific N170 abnormalities in patients with schizophrenia and the clinical characteristics of this disorder has not been elucidated. Here, ERP recordings were conducted for patients with schizophrenia and healthy controls. The amplitude and latency of the N170 component were recorded while participants passively viewed face and non-face (table) images to explore the correlation between face-specific processing and clinical characteristics in schizophrenia. The results provided evidence for a face-specific N170 latency delay in patients with schizophrenia. The N170 latency in patients with schizophrenia was significantly longer than that in healthy controls when images of faces were presented in both upright and inverted orientations. Importantly, the face-related N170 latencies of the left temporo-occipital electrodes (P7 and PO7) were positively correlated with both negative and general psychiatric symptoms in these patients. The N170 amplitudes were weaker in patients than in controls for inverted images of both faces and non-faces (tables), with a left-hemisphere dominance. The face inversion effect (FIE), meaning the difference in N170 amplitude between upright and inverted faces, was absent in patients with schizophrenia, suggesting an abnormality of holistic face processing. Together, these results revealed a marked symptom-relevant neural delay associated with face-specific processing in patients with schizophrenia, providing additional evidence to support the demyelination hypothesis of schizophrenia. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy-induced brain structural and functional changes in major depressive disorders: A longitudinal study$$$ Background: This study aimed to study the brain structural and functional changes after 8 courses of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) on patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Material/Methods: MRI scans were performed on 12 depressive patients before and after 8 courses of ECT and compared with those of 15 normal controls. Data were analyzed by voxel-based morphometry (VBM) using SPM8 software. Functional MRI (fMRI) and regional homogeneity (ReHo) analyses were used to assess the functional changes after ECT. Results: Grey matter volumes were smaller in the right cingulate gyrus of depressive patients before ECT compared with normal controls. After false discovery rate (FDR) correction, post-ECT grey matter volumes were increased in bilateral amygdala and hippocampus compared with pre-ECT. Resting-state ReHo maps showed significant differences in brain activity pre- and post-ECT. Compared with healthy controls, MDD patients treated with 8 courses of ECT showed higher ReHo values in the bilateral frontal lobe, bilateral parietal lobe, and right caudate nucleus. Decreased ReHo values were observed in the right medial temporal gyrus, right superior temporal gyrus, right cingulate gyrus, and left anterior cerebellar lobe. Conclusions: Results suggested that there were both structural and functional differences between the brains of MDD patients and healthy controls. After ECT, both structural and functional changes occurred, but without complete recovery to normal. ECT may display effects through regulating other brain regions to compensate for the original defects. ER  - 
Prevalence of alcohol use disorders and associated factors among people with epilepsy attending Amanuel Mental Specialized Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia$$$ Introduction: Alcohol use disorders represent one of the leading causes of preventable death, illness, and injury in many societies throughout the world. Heavy alcohol consumption has multiple negative consequences for people with epilepsy such as precipitation of seizure, exacerbation of seizure, poor seizure control, increased side effects of antiepileptic drugs, noncompliance to antiepileptic drugs, alcohol withdrawal seizures, long-term hospital admission, status epilepticus, sudden unexpected death, and premature mortality. Methods: An institution-based cross sectional study was conducted from April 15, 2014 to May 15, 2014 with the aim of assessing prevalence of alcohol use disorders and associated factors among people with epilepsy attending Amanuel Mental Specialized Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. A total of 413 randomly selected epileptic patients were included in this study. Data were structured using the 10-item Alcohol Use Disorders Identification questionnaire. Data were analyzed using SPSS Version 20. Bivariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to study the association, and variables with P-value <0.05 were considered as having a statistically significant association at 95% confidence interval. Results: A total of 423 study participants were selected, of whom 413 completely filled the questionnaire making the response rate 97.6%. The mean age of the respondents was 31.9 years with standard deviation of ±10.97, and 248 (60%) were males. The prevalence of alcohol use disorder was 17.4%. Educational status (grade 9-12) (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] =3.25, [1.21, 8.69]), not living with family members (AOR =1.89, [1.06, 3.39]), availability of house (AOR =2.04, [1.10, 3.78]), taking carbamazepine (AOR =2.38, [1.13, 5.01]), and drinking alcohol to find relief from stress (AOR =4.28, [1.89, 9.67]) were significantly associated with alcohol use disorder among people with epilepsy. Conclusion and recommendation: The findings of this study revealed that the prevalence of alcohol use disorder among people with epilepsy was high. Routine screening of epileptic patients with the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test is recommended. ER  - 
Guided self-help interventions for mental health disorders in children with neurological conditions: Study protocol for a pilot randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Rates of mental health disorders are significantly greater in children with physical illnesses than in physically well children. Children with neurological conditions, such as epilepsy, are known to have particularly high rates of mental health disorders. Despite this, mental health problems in children with neurological conditions have remained under-recognised and under-treated in clinical settings. Evidence-based guided self-help interventions are efficacious in reducing symptoms of mental health disorders in children, but their efficacy in reducing symptoms of common mental health disorders in children with neurological conditions has not been investigated. We aim to pilot a guided self-help intervention for the treatment of mental health disorders in children with neurological conditions. Methods/design: A pilot randomised controlled trial with 18 patients with neurological conditions and mental health disorders will be conducted. Participants attending specialist neurology clinics at a National UK Children's Hospital will be randomised to receive guided self-help for common mental health disorders or to a 12-week waiting list control. Participants in the treatment group will receive 10 sessions of guided self-help delivered over the telephone. The waiting list control group will receive the intervention after a waiting period of 12 weeks. The primary outcome measure is reduction in symptoms of mental health disorders. Exclusion criteria are limited to those at significant risk of harm to self or others, the presence of primary mental health disorder other than anxiety, depression or disruptive behaviour (e.g. psychosis, eating disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder) or intellectual disability at a level meaning potential participants would be unable to access the intervention. The study has ethical approval from the Camden and Islington NHS Research Ethics Committee, registration number 14.LO.1353. Results will be disseminated to patients, the wider public, clinicians and researchers through publication in journals and presentation at conferences. Discussion: This is the first study to investigate guided self-help interventions for mental health problems in children with neurological conditions, a group which is currently under-represented in mental health research. The intervention is modular and adapted from an empirically supported cognitive behavioural treatment. The generalisability and broad inclusion criteria are strengths but may also lead to some weaknesses. Trial registration: Current Controlled Trials: ISRCTN21184717. Registered on 25 September 2015. ER  - 
Chronobiology, sleep-related risk factors and light therapy in perinatal depression: The "Life-ON" project$$$ Background: Perinatal depression (PND) has an overall estimated prevalence of roughly 12 %. Untreated PND has significant negative consequences not only on the health of the mothers, but also on the physical, emotional and cognitive development of their children. No certain risk factors are known to predict PND and no completely safe drug treatments are available during pregnancy and breastfeeding. Sleep and depression are strongly related to each other because of a solid reciprocal causal relationship. Bright light therapy (BLT) is a well-tested and safe treatment, effective in both depression and circadian/sleep disorders. Methods: In a 3-year longitudinal, observational, multicentre study, about 500 women will be recruited and followed-up from early pregnancy (10-15 gestational week) until 12 months after delivery. The primary aim of the present study is to systematically explore and characterize risk factors for PND by prospective sleep assessment (using wrist actigraphy, polysomnography and various sleep questionnaires) and bloodbased analysis of potential markers during the perinatal period (Life-ON study). Secondary aims are to explore the relationship between specific genetic polymorphisms and PND (substudy Life-ON1), to investigate the effectiveness of BLT in treating PND (substudy Life-ON2) and to test whether a short term trial of BLT during pregnancy can prevent PND (substudy Life-ON3). Discussion: The characterization of specific predictive and risk factors for PND may substantially contribute to improve preventive medical and social strategies for the affected women. The study results are expected to promote a better understanding of the relationship between sleep disorders and the development of PND and to confirm, in a large sample of women, the safety and efficacy of BLT both in prevention and treatment of PND. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02664467. Registered 13 January 2016. ER  - 
Lifestyle factors, psychiatric and neurologic comorbidities, and drug use associated with incident seizures among adult patients with depression: a population-based nested case–control study$$$ To investigate risk factors for incident seizures among adult patients with depression. We conducted a nested case–control analysis in adult patients with newly diagnosed depression, using data from the U.K.-based Clinical Practice Research Datalink. Among cases with incident seizures and matched controls, we estimated odds ratios (ORs) with 95 % confidence intervals (CIs) of potential risk factors for seizures as reported from data of the general population: underweight (body mass index <18.5 kg/m2), smoking, alcoholism, drug abuse, psychiatric or neurologic comorbidities, and concomitant use of drugs. Of 186,540 patients with depression, 1489 developed a seizure during follow-up. Being underweight (OR 1.67 [95 % CI 1.23–2.26]), a current smoker (OR 1.45 [95 % CI 1.26–1.67]), having alcoholism (OR 2.98 [95 % CI 2.56–3.47]), and drug abuse (OR 2.51 [95 % CI 1.94–3.24]), were associated with increased risks of seizures compared to normal weight, non-smoking, no alcoholism, and no drug abuse, respectively. Previous stroke/transient ischemic attack (OR 6.07 [95 % CI 4.71–7.83]) or intracerebral bleeding (OR 8.19 [95 % CI 4.80–13.96]), and comorbid dementia (OR 6.83 [95 % CI 4.81–9.69]), were strongly associated with seizures. Current use of cephalosporins (OR 2.47 [95 % CI 1.61–3.78]) and antiarrhythmics (OR 1.59 [95 % CI 1.26–2.01]) was associated with an increased risk of seizures compared to non-use. Among adult patients with depression, being underweight, smoking, alcoholism, and drug abuse, were associated with seizures. Remote stroke and comorbid dementia were strong risk factors for seizures. Current use of cephalosporins or antiarrhytmics was associated with an increased risk of seizures compared to non-use. ER  - 
Sleep-Related Disorders in Children with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: Preliminary Results of a Full Sleep Assessment Study$$$ Background and methods: We present the preliminary results of a prospective case–control sleep study in children with a diagnosis of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). A deep sleep assessment including sleep questionnaires, sleep habits, a video-polysomnographic recording with full high-density electroencephalography (EEG) and cardiorespiratory polygraphy, multiple sleep latency test, and 1-week actigraphic recording were performed to verify whether children with ADHD may be classified into one of the following five phenotypes: (1) hypoarousal state, resembling narcolepsy, which may be considered a “primary” form of ADHD; (2) delayed sleep onset insomnia; (3) sleep-disordered breathing; (4) restless legs syndrome and/or periodic limb movements; and (5) sleep epilepsy and/or EEG interictal epileptiform discharges. Results: Fifteen consecutive outpatients with ADHD were recruited (two female, mean age 10.6 ± 2.2, age range 8–13.7 years) over 6 months. The narcolepsy-like sleep phenotype was observed in three children, the sleep onset insomnia phenotype was observed in one child, mild obstructive sleep apnea was observed in three children, sleep hyperkinesia and/or PLMs were observed in five children, while IEDs and or nocturnal epilepsy were observed in three children. Depending on the sleep phenotype, children received melatonin, iron supplementation, antiepileptic drugs, or stimulants. Conclusions: Our study further highlights the need to design an efficient sleep diagnostic algorithm for children with ADHD, thereby more accurately identifying cases in which a full sleep assessment is indicated. ER  - 
Why are some patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy dying young: An analysis of causes of death in North East England$$$ Introduction Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) is the most common inherited muscle disease in children. Recent years have seen an increase in age of survival into adulthood following the introduction of proactive standards of care. We reviewed mortality in DMD in our population in order to identify potential underlying risk factors for premature death and improve clinical care. Method A retrospective case note review of all deaths in the DMD population over the last 10 years in North East England. We identified 2 groups of patients: patients who died from underlying cardiac and/or respiratory failure (group 1) and patients who died unexpectedly in the absence of underlying cardio-respiratory failure (group 2). Results Detailed information was available on 21 patients. Mean age of death in group 1 (17 patients) was 23.9 (14.4–39.5) years, in group 2 (4 patients) 14 (12.7–14.9) years. Causes of death in group 2 were acute pneumonia, cardiac arrest, acute respiratory distress and multi-organ failure. Across both groups we identified concerns regarding respiratory failure, inadequate nutrition, non-attendance at appointments, suboptimal coordination of care and decreased psychological wellbeing. In group 2, fat embolism, cardiac arrhythmia and adrenal insufficiency were also potential contributing factors. Conclusions The main cause of death in DMD in our population remains cardio-respiratory failure. Four patients (19%) died in their teenage years in the absence of severe cardiorespiratory failure. A more thorough understanding of the impact of DMD and its treatment on all organs systems is required to minimise the risk of an untimely death. ER  - 
Demographic and Cognitive Profile of Individuals Seeking a Diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorder in Adulthood$$$ Little is known about ageing with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). We examined the characteristics of adults referred to a specialist diagnostic centre for assessment of possible ASD, 100 of whom received an ASD diagnosis and 46 did not. Few demographic differences were noted between the groups. Comorbid psychiatric disorders were high in individuals with ASD (58 %) and non-ASD (59 %). Individuals who received an ASD diagnosis had higher self-rated severity of ASD traits than non-ASD individuals. Within the ASD group, older age was associated with higher ratings of ASD traits and better cognitive performance. One interpretation is that general cognitive ability and the development of coping strategies across the lifespan, do not necessarily reduce ASD traits but may mitigate their effects. ER  - 
Factors associated with quality of life in a low-income population with epilepsy$$$ Objective Currently few studies describe the variables that impact quality of life (QoL) in patients with epilepsy in low-income populations. The study aimed to establish relationships between QoL scores obtained through the QOLIE-10 inventory and clinical variables in patients older than 18 years diagnosed with epilepsy. Methods We conducted an observational, descriptive, and cross-sectional study. We conducted consecutive recruitment of the data for all patients with an epilepsy diagnosis who were treated in the neurology department of Kennedy Western Hospital located in Bogota, Colombia. The variables that were statistically significant in the bivariate analysis were included in a multiple linear regression model. Results 220 patients were evaluated. The 50th percentile of the total score of the QOLIE-10 scale was 70 (95% CI: 67,5–75). The demographic profile was characterized by low level of education, unemployment, and single marital status. The variables included in the regression model that significantly affected QoL were depression (p < 0.001), severe daytime sleepiness (p = 0.030), structural/metabolic etiology of epilepsy (p = 0.021), drug resistant epilepsy (p = 0.015), and epilepsy with undetermined antiepileptic drug response (p = 0.007). Conclusions The QoL in patients with epilepsy from a low-economic population is determined primarily by depression, severe daytime sleepiness, etiology of epilepsy (structural/metabolic etiology), and the type of therapeutic response to antiepileptic drugs (drug resistant epilepsy and undetermined antiepileptic drug response). These data suggest the need to promote early diagnosis and treatment of psychiatric comorbidities and sleep disorders, as well as effective and timely therapeutic interventions to prevent drug resistance in epilepsy. ER  - 
The yield of video-EEG telemetry evaluation for non-surgical candidate children$$$ Background Video EEG (VEEG) is performed for most pediatric patients in order to evaluate unclear paroxysmal events and improve our understanding of difficult to control epileptic patients. Purpose To characterize the video EEG studies on children who are not candidates for surgery in order to identify the parameters that affect results in level of improving the rate of acquisition, as well as improving the ability to expect the likelihood of epilepsy and of gathering new information as a result of the VEEG. Methods : Retrospective chart analysis of all consecutive patients who underwent VEEG in two VEEG monitoring units. Results 323 children of a mean age of 7 years (STD 4.73, range 0–17 years) were monitored for a mean duration of 2 days (STD 1.65, range 1–10 days). The main reasons for monitoring were: evaluation of unclear events (n = 234), evaluation of previously diagnosed epilepsy (n = 36) and confirmation of Electrical Status Epilepticus in Sleep (ESES) (n = 34). The main event types for evaluation were: staring episodes (n = 67), myoclonic jerks (n = 35) and abnormal eye movement (n = 22). Suspected events were captured in 70% of the patients. There was a positive correlation between acquisition of suspected events and each of the following: duration of the monitoring, the frequency of investigated events per history, the type of investigated events. A prior interictal epileptic activity on routine EEG was a positive predictor of an event to be epileptic (p = 0.003). Amongst the group of known epileptic patients, VEEG had role in changing diagnosis in 53% of patients. Many of them had focal interictal epileptiform activity in their routine EEG. Conclusions Selecting patients with frequent events and longer monitoring periods increase the yield of VEEG. Looking carefully into clinical characteristics of the patient prior to VEEG can clarify diagnosis therefore render the VEEG test superfluous to subgroups of patients. Prior routine epileptic EEG, coexistence of other seizure types, behaviors accompanying the investigated habitual behavior and abnormalities in other investigations (MRI, cognitive function and EEG) are the parameters that can predict diagnosis of epilepsy. Precise diagnosis in known epileptic patients as a result of VEEG is more likely for those with focal interictal epileptiform discharges in routine EEG. ER  - 
Psychopathology in adolescents with TLE and FLE$$$ Background To describe the rates and types of psychiatric disorders among adolescents with chronic symptomatic epilepsies and to evaluate syndrome-specific differences between temporal lobe (TLE) and frontal lobe (FLE) epilepsies. Methods A cross-sectional single-center study design applying the Youth Self Report (YSR) to investigate psychopathological symptoms and the Weinberger Adjustment Inventory (WAI) to investigate personality dimensions was used. Consecutive adolescents between 14 and 18 years of age with drug-resistant symptomatic TLE and FLE were investigated during pre-surgical evaluation prior to epilepsy surgery. Data from twenty-eight patients (19 with TLE and 9 with FLE) were analyzed for this report. Results Compared with the test norm, higher prevalence rates and a wider range of psychopathological symptoms were seen in patients with TLE. This result was not seen in patients with FLE. Concerning personality dimensions, significantly higher values of repressive defensiveness and significantly lower values of positive emotion and confidence were found in patients with TLE. In contrast, significantly lower levels of distress and significantly higher levels of repressive defensiveness and denial of distress were seen in patients with FLE. Comparing TLE with FLE, a significantly higher mean score for distress, and a significantly lower mean score for positive emotion and denial of distress were found in patients with TLE. Conclusion In summary, psychiatric comorbidity was frequently found in this sample of youths with chronic drug-resistant localization-related epilepsies. Although results have to be interpreted with caution because of the small sample size, psychiatric symptomatology was significantly different between TLE and FLE. Our results show that continuous and syndrome-specific psychiatric monitoring is essential in young patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Semiological classification of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose We classified patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) according to a newly proposed classification system. Then, we investigated the demographic and clinical differences between various classes of the patients. Methods We retrospectively investigated all patients with PNESs admitted to the Jefferson Comprehensive Epilepsy Center from 2012 through 2016. We classified the patients into four distinct classes: patients with generalized motor seizures, patients with akinetic seizures, patients with focal motor seizures, and patients with seizures with subjective symptoms. All patients were interviewed by a neuropsychologist and were administered psychological assessment measures, including questions about PNES risk factors. For the statistical analyses, we compared patients who had generalized motor seizures with patients who had nonmotor seizures. Results Sixty-three patients were studied. Thirty-five (55.6%) patients had generalized motor seizures, 14 (22.2%) had seizures with subjective symptoms, 12 (19%) had akinetic seizures, and two (3.2%) patients had focal motor seizures. Patients with generalized motor seizures (35 patients) demonstrated a trend for later age at onset (p = 0.06), more frequently had a history of substance abuse (p = 0.001), and more often had loss of responsiveness with their seizures (p = 0.04) compared with patients who had nonmotor seizures (26 patients). Conclusion The recently proposed PNES classification system is useful and practical. This proposed classification of PNESs may address proper diagnosis and provide standardization across future studies. This may also potentially shed light on the etiologic understanding and management of various classes of patients affected with PNESs. ER  - 
Ictal verbal help-seeking: Occurrence and the underlying etiology$$$ Purpose Ictal verbal help-seeking has never been systematically studied before. In this study, we evaluated a series of patients with ictal verbal help-seeking to characterize its frequency and underlying etiology. Methods We retrospectively reviewed all the long-term video-EEG reports from Jefferson Comprehensive Epilepsy Center over a 12-year period (2004–2015) for the occurrence of the term “help” in the text body. All the extracted reports were reviewed and patients with at least one episode of documented ictal verbal help-seeking in epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) were studied. For each patient, the data were reviewed from the electronic medical records, EMU report, and neuroimaging records. Results During the study period, 5133 patients were investigated in our EMU. Twelve patients (0.23%) had at least one episode of documented ictal verbal help-seeking. Nine patients (six women and three men) had epilepsy and three patients (two women and one man) had psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Seven out of nine patients with epilepsy had temporal lobe epilepsy; six patients had right temporal lobe epilepsy. Conclusion Ictal verbal help-seeking is a rare finding among patients evaluated in epilepsy monitoring units. Ictal verbal help-seeking may suggest that seizures arise in or propagate to the right temporal lobe. ER  - 
Targeted Self-Management of Epilepsy and Mental Illness for individuals with epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidity$$$ Objectives Serious mental illness is disproportionately common in people with epilepsy and contributes to complications and mortality. Few care approaches specifically target individuals who have epilepsy and severe mental illness. We used an iterative process to refine an existing intervention and tested the novel intervention, Targeted Self-Management for Epilepsy and Mental Illness (TIME) in individuals with epilepsy and comorbid mental illness (E-MI). Methods The TIME intervention was developed with input from a community advisory board and then tested for feasibility, acceptability, and preliminary efficacy in people with E-MI, using a 16-week prospective, randomized controlled design comparing TIME (N = 22) vs. treatment as usual (TAU, N = 22). Primary outcome was change in depressive symptoms, assessed by the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Secondary assessments included global psychiatric symptom severity, seizure frequency, sleep patterns, quality of life, stigma, social support, and self-efficacy. Results There were 44 individuals enrolled, mean age 48.25 (SD = 11.82) with 25 (56.8%) African-Americans. The majority (N = 31, 70.5%) were unemployed, and most (N = 41, 95.5%) had annual income < U.S. $25,000. With respect to study retention, there were 36 individuals (18 in TIME, 18 in TAU) assessed at 12 weeks and 35 individuals (19 in TIME, 16 in TAU) assessed at 16 weeks. There was a significant effect for MADRS (p = 0.036; effect size of 0.70), with lower MADRS at 16 weeks in TIME, while TAU MADRS did not change. Differences between most secondary measures were not statistically significant. Significance The TIME intervention engages individuals to actively participate in self-management and can reduce depression in E-MI. Given the high morbidity and mortality associated with epilepsy complicated by serious mental illness, additional research is needed to better identify how TIME might be implemented in routine care settings. ER  - 
PARADISE 24 instrument: An observational study on psychosocial difficulties, quality of life, and disability levels in patients with epilepsy$$$ Aim The aim of this observational study was to test the effectiveness of the PARADISE 24 instrument in describing the psychosocial difficulties (PSDs) reported by people with epilepsy, their relation with disability, and quality-of-life (QoL) levels and, overall, to explore a horizontal epidemiology methodology applied to a sample of patients with epilepsy. Methods A convenience sample of 80 adult patients with epilepsy was included in this cross-sectional study. Patients were interviewed using a structured protocol composed of demographic, clinical, and patient-reported outcome measures to collect PSDs associated with epilepsy. Results There were 80 patients, 40 females; mean age was 41.2 years; mean disease duration was 18.7 years; and mean number of AED was 2.09. Moderate severity rating according to clinicians' rating scale, low impact of comorbidities (mean: 2.36, SD: 2.97), high levels of QoL (mean: 30.00, SD: 4.4), medium levels of resilience (mean: 13.56, SD: 2.66), high levels of perceived empathy (mean: 15.05, SD: 4.74), poor or moderate perceived social support, and low levels of disability (mean: 10.85, SD: 10.05) were observed. The most frequently reported PSDs were related to tiredness (80%), emotional problems (73.75%), anxiety (68.75%), depressive mood (66.25%), and driving problems (61.25%). The EUROHIS-QOL (p = .003) had a negative significant relationship with PARADISE 24 while WHODAS-12 (p = .000) and CRS (p = .027) had a positive significant relationship with PARADISE 24. Conclusions The PARADISE 24 permits data comparison and the creation of a complete description of a person's functioning and of all of his/her PSDs and allows better and more tailored interventions. ER  - 
Behavioral effects and somnolence due to levetiracetam versus oxcarbazepine — a retrospective comparison study of North Indian patients with refractory epilepsy$$$ Purpose Levetiracetam (LEV) is often chosen early in the treatment of refractory epilepsy; however, its adverse effects have largely been studied as part of clinical trials. Oxcarbazepine and valproate (VPA) are the other commonly used AEDs and, hence, serve as good comparators. This study was conducted to evaluate behavioral abnormalities and somnolence among patients with epilepsy being treated with LEV and/or OXC compared with those receiving VPA. Method Data of consecutive patients attending our intractable epilepsy clinic over a 2 1/2-year period were reviewed, and patients with at least one seizure a month, who had been initiated on either or a combination of LEV, VPA, or OXC, were included for analysis. Data regarding behavioral adverse effects, daytime somnolence (EDS), and weight changes were collected apart from those regarding any major effect necessitating dose reduction or discontinuation of the AED. Results Among a total of 445 patients screened, 292 (93 F, median age: 21 years [range: 8–54]; 237 focal and 55 generalized epilepsy) fulfilled inclusion criteria. Median epilepsy duration was 11 years. Levetiracetam had been introduced in 114 patients, VPA in 134, and OXC in 151 during the study period. Twenty-three were on LEV + OXC, 27 on LEV + VPA, and 33 on VPA + OXC. Behavioral disturbances (irritability, obsessive manifestations, aggressiveness, and frank psychosis) were observed in 43 patients; 23 on introduction of LEV (20.2%); LEV was discontinued in 10 (9%). Daytime somnolence was reported by 28 patients, 15 on OXC (10%); 8 received oral modafinil for the same, while none discontinued this AED. Only one patient on LEV and 3 on VPA reported EDS. Menstrual disturbances were reported by 9, weight gain by 3, and severe hair loss by 2 females on VPA. Conclusion Behavioral disturbances with levetiracetam are common among patients with refractory epilepsy while somnolence is common with oxcarbazepine. Antiepileptic drugs should be selected with this in perspective. ER  - 
Treatment of REM Sleep Behavior Disorder$$$ REM sleep behavior disorder (RBD) is a common parasomnia disorder affecting between 1 and 7 % of community-dwelling adults, most frequently older adults. RBD is characterized by nocturnal complex motor behavior and polysomnographic REM sleep without atonia. RBD is strongly associated with synucleinopathy neurodegeneration. The approach to RBD management is currently twofold: symptomatic treatment to prevent injury and prognostic counseling and longitudinal follow-up surveillance for phenoconversion toward overt neurodegenerative disorders. The focus of this review is symptomatic treatment for injury prevention. Injury occurs in up to 55 % of patients prior to treatment, even when most behaviors seem to be infrequent or minor, so patients with RBD should be treated promptly following diagnosis to prevent injury risk. A sound evidence basis for symptomatic treatment of RBD remains lacking, and randomized controlled treatment trials are needed. Traditional therapeutic mainstays with relatively robust retrospective case series level evidence include melatonin and clonazepam, which appear to be equally effective, although melatonin is more tolerable. Melatonin also has one small randomized controlled crossover trial supporting its use for RBD treatment. Melatonin dosed 3–12 mg at bedtime should be considered as the first-line therapy, followed by clonazepam 0.25–2.0 mg at bedtime if initial melatonin is judged ineffective or intolerable. However, neither agent is likely to completely stop dream enactment behaviors, so choosing a moderate target dosage of melatonin 6 mg or clonazepam 0.5 mg, or the highest tolerable dosage that reduces attack frequency and avoids adverse effects from overtreatment, is currently the most reasonable strategy. Alternative second- and third-line therapies with anecdotal efficacy include temazepam, lorazepam, zolpidem, zopiclone, pramipexole, donepezil, ramelteon, agomelatine, cannabinoids, and sodium oxybate. A novel non-pharmacological approach is a bed alarm system, although this may be most useful in patients who also report sleep walking or a history of leaving their bed during dream enactment episodes. The benefit of hypnosis, especially in those with psychiatric RBD, also requires further study. RBD is an attractive target for future neuroprotective treatment trials to prevent evolution of overt parkinsonism or memory decline, but currently, there are no known effective treatments and future trials will be necessary to determine if RBD is an actionable time point in the evolution of overt synucleinopathy. ER  - 
Expanding the phenotype of Triple X syndrome: A comparison of prenatal versus postnatal diagnosis$$$ Triple X syndrome (47, XXX) occurs in approximately 1:1,000 female births and has a variable phenotype of physical and psychological features. Prenatal diagnosis rates of 47, XXX are increasing due to non-invasive prenatal genetic testing. Previous studies suggest that prenatal diagnosed females have better neurodevelopmental outcomes. This cross-sectional study describes diagnosis, physical features, medical problems, and neurodevelopmental features in a large cohort of females with 47, XXX. Evaluation included review of medical and developmental history, physical exam, cognitive, and adaptive testing. Medical and developmental features were compared between the prenatal and postnatal diagnosis groups using rate calculations and Fisher's exact test. Cognitive and adaptive tests scores were compared using t-tests. Seventy-four females age 6 months–24 years (mean 8.3 years) participated. Forty-four (59.5%) females were in the prenatal diagnosis group. Mean age of postnatal diagnosis was 5.9 years; developmental delay was the most common indication for postnatal genetic testing. Common physical features included hypertelorism, epicanthal folds, clinodactyly, and hypotonia. Medical problems included dental disorders (44.4%), seizure disorders (16.2%), genitourinary malformations (12.2%). The prenatal diagnosis group had higher verbal (P < 0.001), general ability index (P = 0.004), and adaptive functioning scores (P < 0.001). Rates of ADHD (52.2% vs. 45.5%, P = 0.77) and learning disabilities (39.1% vs. 36.3%, P = 1.00) were similar between the two groups. These findings expand on the phenotypic features in females with Triple X syndrome and support that prenatally ascertained females have better cognitive and functional outcomes. However, prenatally diagnosed females are still at risk for neurodevelopmental disorders. Genetic counseling and treatment recommendations are summarized. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Ongoing impairments following transient ischaemic attack: retrospective cohort study$$$ Background and purpose: Clinical management after transient ischaemic attack (TIA) is focused on stroke prevention; however, a number of small studies suggest that patients may experience ongoing residual impairments. Methods: This was a retrospective matched-cohort study using anonymized electronic primary care records from The Health Improvement Network database, which covers approximately 6% of the UK population. Adults (≥ 18 years old) who experienced a first TIA between 2009 and 2013 were matched in a ratio of 1:5 to controls by age, sex and general practice. The time to first consultation for fatigue, psychological impairment or cognitive impairment was estimated by Kaplan–Meier survivor functions and adjusted hazard ratios. Results: A total of 9419 TIA patients and 46 511 controls were included. The Kaplan–Meier curves showed that TIA patients were more likely than controls to consult for all three impairments (P < 0.0001). Within 7.1 months (95% confidence interval (CI), 6.2–8.2), 25% of TIA patients consulted for psychological impairment compared with 23.5 months (95% CI, 22.5–24.6) for controls. Hazard ratios for TIA patients were 1.43 (95% CI, 1.33–1.54) for consulting for fatigue, 1.26 (95% CI, 1.20–1.31) for psychological impairment and 1.45 (95% CI, 1.28–1.65) for cognitive impairment. Conclusions: Transient ischaemic attack is associated with significantly increased subsequent consultation for fatigue, psychological impairment and cognitive impairment. These findings suggest that impairments exist after initial symptoms of TIA have resolved, which should be considered by clinicians when treating TIA patients. ER  - 
Mindfulness and Coping Are Inversely Related to Psychiatric Symptoms in Patients and Informal Caregivers in the Neuroscience ICU: Implications for Clinical Care$$$ Objective: To assess the correlation of psychosocial resiliency factors (mindfulness and coping) with symptoms of posttraumatic stress, anxiety, and depression in patients recently admitted to the neuroscience ICU and their primary informal caregivers. Design: A descriptive, cross-sectional correlational study. Setting: Neuroscience ICU in a major medical center. Participants: A total of 78 dyads of patients (total n = 81) and their primary caregivers (total n = 92) from June to December 2015. Study enrollment occurred within the first 2 weeks of patient admission to the neuroscience ICU. Intervention: None. Measurements and Main Results: Dyads completed self-report measures of mindfulness (Cognitive and Affective Mindfulness Scale-Revised), coping (Measure of Coping Status-A), posttraumatic stress (Posttraumatic Checklist-Specific Stressor), anxiety (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale-A), and depression (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale-D). Rates of clinically significant posttraumatic stress, anxiety, and depressive symptoms were high and comparable between patient and caregiver samples. Own psychological resilience factors and psychiatric symptoms were strongly correlated for both patients and caregivers. Depressive symptoms were interdependent between patients and their caregivers, and one's own mindfulness was independently related to one's partner's depressive symptoms. Conclusions: Rates of clinically significant psychiatric symptoms were high, equally prevalent in patients and caregivers, and interdependent between patients and their caregivers. For both patients and caregivers, psychological resiliency factors were associated with both self and partner psychiatric symptoms. Findings suggest that attending to the psychiatric health of both patients and caregivers in the neuroscience ICU is a priority and that patients and their caregivers must be considered together in a system to fully address either individual's psychiatric symptoms. ER  - 
Association between antiepileptic drugs and hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with epilepsy: a population-based case–control study$$$ Background: This study explored whether antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) use increases the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Methods: We conducted a case–control study using data from the National Health Insurance system of Taiwan. The case group comprised 1,454 epilepsy patients with newly diagnosed HCC, and the control group comprised 1,448 epilepsy patients without HCC. Both groups had similar distributions of sex and age, and follow-up duration. Possible associations with the AEDs in Taiwan were examined. Results: After adjusted for AEDs (phenobarbital and primidone, clonazepam, clorazepate and diazepam, and other AEDs), and for the comorbidities of diabetes, chronic liver disease and cirrhosis, hepatitis B and C virus infection, and alcoholism, the odds ratio (OR) of HCC was 1.22 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.01–1.47) for the group of phenytoin users compared with nonphenytoin users. An annual means of 61–120, 121–180, and >180 of defined daily doses (DDDs) of phenytoin (OR: 4.07, 95% CI: 2.03–8.18; OR: 7.51, 95% CI: 3.03–18.7, and OR: 14.6, 95% CI: 7.88–26.9, respectively) were significantly correlated with the risk of HCC but not with a DDD of ≤60. Compared with nonphenytoin users, HCC patients who had used phenytoin within 1 year of HCC diagnosis were at a greatest risk of HCC (adjusted OR: 2.29, 95% CI: 1.71–3.08), followed by who had used phenytoin within 2 years of diagnosis (adjusted OR: 1.92, 95% CI: 1.44–2.56). Conclusion: The results indicate that high dose of phenytoin was associated with a statistically significant increased OR for HCC, which was not demonstrated for low-dose phenytoin. ER  - 
Cognitive dysfunction and regional cerebral blood flow changes in Japanese females after human papillomavirus vaccination$$$ Background: Human papillomavirus vaccination is used to prevent cervical cancer in adolescent females; however, few vaccinated individuals show long-lasting symptoms. Aim: We investigated cognitive dysfunction and regional cerebral blood flow changes in human papillomavirus-vaccinated patients to estimate their pathological condition. Methods: We retrospectively included patients with cognitive dysfunction after human papillomavirus vaccination. N-isopropyl-(123I)-p-iodoamphetamine single-photon emission computed tomography images of patients were compared with those of 10 healthy unvaccinated females (19.6 ± 0.5 years) using 3-D stereotactic surface projection and stereotactic extraction estimation methods. We also investigated the correlation between the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-Third edition score and anatomical region with decreased regional cerebral blood flow. Results: A total of 17 females (age 17.7 ± 1.4 years) showed cognitive dysfunction, including memory impairment (17 patients, 100%), acalculia (4, 23.5%), transient prosopagnosia-like symptoms (3, 17.6%), and topographical impairment and hemispatial neglect (2, 11.8%). Significantly decreased regional cerebral blood flow was found in the right medial frontal, subcallosal, anterior cingulate, orbital, rectal, parahippocampal, fusiform gyrus, left angular and superior occipital gyrus, and bilateral thalamus. Significant negative correlations were found between the full scale intelligence quotient and extent of decreased regional cerebral blood flow in the right medial frontal and rectal gyrus, verbal intelligence quotient and right subcallosal, rectal gyrus and left thalamus, and performance intelligence quotient and the right medial frontal gyrus. Conclusion: In patients with cognitive dysfunction after human papillomavirus vaccination, regional cerebral blood flow was decreased mainly in the regions connected to the limbic system. Hypoperfusion in the limbic system might reflect cognitive dysfunction, mainly memory impairment, after human papillomavirus vaccination. ER  - 
Gallbladder stone disease is associated with Parkinson's disease: A nationwide populationbased study$$$ Objectives: Chronic systemic inflammation plays a major role in the pathogenesis of gallbladder stone disease (GSD) and Parkinson's disease (PD). We assessed the risk of PD after being diagnosed with GSD. Methods: We identified 32298 patients diagnosed with GSD between 2000 and 2011 from Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD) as the study cohort, and we randomly selected 129192 controls from the non-GSD population with frequency-matching by age, sex, and index year for the control cohort. All patient cases were followed until the end of 2011 to measure the incidence of PD. Results: The cumulative incidence of PD was greater in patients with GSD than those without GSD (log-rank test: P<0.001).The risk of PD was greater for the GSD cohort than that for non-GSD cohort (2.77 vs 2.07 per 1000 person-years, adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) = 1.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.12-1.22 after adjustment for age, sex, and comorbidities of diabetes, hypertension, stroke, CAD, head injury, depression, and epilepsy in multivariable Coxproportional hazard regression analysis. The risk of organic PD increased with increasing duration of follow up after a diagnosis of GSD. The risk of PD contributed by GSD was greater in the younger age group (aged ≤ 49, aHR = 1.49, 95% CI = 1.36-1.62; aged 50-64, aHR = 1.04, 95% CI = 0.95-1.14; aged蠇65, aHR = 1.20, 95% CI = 1.10-1.30), female patients (female, aHR = 1.25, 95% CI = 1.17-1.33; male, aHR = 1.08, 95% CI = 1.01- 1.16), and in patients without comorbidity (no comorbidity, aHR = 1.36, 95% CI = 1.26-1.46; comorbidity, aHR = 1.19, 95% CI = 1.11-1.27). Conclusion: GSD is associated with an increased risk of PD, but it needs further studies to clarify whether GSD is an independent risk factor of PD. ER  - 
Prenatal exposure to antidepressants and risk of epilepsy in childhood$$$ Purpose: This study aimed to estimate the association between prenatal exposure to antidepressants and risk of epilepsy in childhood, taking maternal depression into account. Methods: We conducted a population-based cohort study including all Danish singletons born alive between 1997 and 2008 (n = 734 237). Information on antidepressant medication and diagnosis of depression and epilepsy was obtained from Danish National Registers. The exposed group comprised children of mothers who used antidepressants from 30 days before pregnancy until the date of birth. The reference group comprised children of mothers who used no antidepressants from 6 months before pregnancy to birth. We estimated the hazard ratios (HR) of epilepsy and 95% confidence intervals (CI) using Cox proportional hazard models. Results: We identified 12 438 (1.7%) children exposed to antidepressants during pregnancy (including 30 days before pregnancy) and 5829 (0.8%) children diagnosed with epilepsy in the follow-up time (mean: 6.7 years). Children exposed to antidepressants during pregnancy had a 27% higher risk of epilepsy (aHR: 1.27; 95%CI: 1.05–1.54) than children in the reference group. The estimate of this association was 1.71 (95%CI: 1.10–2.66) if their mothers also had a registry-based hospital diagnosis of depression in the 6 months before pregnancy or during pregnancy and 1.14 (95%CI: 0.91–1.43) if their mothers had no registry-based hospital diagnosis of depression. Children of mothers who used antidepressants from 2 to 6 months before pregnancy (but not during pregnancy) had an increased risk of epilepsy (aHR: 1.36; 95%CI: 1.07–1.73). Conclusions: Antidepressant use during pregnancy was associated with a higher risk of epilepsy among children whose mothers had also a registry-based hospital diagnosis of depression during pregnancy. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Behavior Genetics Association 46th Annual Meeting Abstracts$$$ The proceedings contain 147 papers. The topics discussed include: age-related changes in cognitive attention: effects of APOE and education on racial/ethnic differences in a nationally representative sample of older adults; the relationship between IQ and PM2.5: findings from the University of Southern California twin study; the first robust genetic associations with subjective well-being; multivariate GWAS with life satisfaction and positive affect; umx scripts for twin research; a dynamic systems model of presynaptic serotonergic functioning: further validation, additional serotonin genes and association with children's behavioral impulsivity; familial liability of ADHD and epilepsy: a nationwide cohort study; and can mendelian randomization inform drug development research for neurobehavioral conditions? a study of Alzheimer's disease. ER  - 
Evidence for neurotoxicity due to morphine or hydromorphone use in renal impairment: A systematic review$$$ Background: Opioids are the mainstay of pain control for patients with chronic pain. Often, opioids with reported active metabolites, such as morphine and hydromorphone, are thought to increase the risk of neurotoxicity in renal impairment. Objectives: To identify and assess the quality of evidence for neurotoxic effects in patients with renal impairment receiving morphine or hydromorphone. Methods: Systematic searches were conducted of the following databases from inception to December 2015: MEDLINE, CINAHL, EMBASE, in addition to hand-searching relevant review articles' citations. Studies were included if they reported neurotoxic effects of either morphine or hydromorphone for chronic or malignant pain in patients with renal impairment. Review articles and case reports were excluded. Narrative review was undertaken. The Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach was used to assess study quality. Results: Six original articles, three prospective and three retrospective studies were identified and assessed. No relevant randomized clinical trials were identified. Conclusions: Although morphine and hydromorphone use may be associated with neurotoxic effects in patients with renal impairment, current evidence consists of very low-quality studies with conflicting findings. Clinicians may consider using either morphine or hydromorphone in mild-to-moderate renal impairment, while closely monitoring for neurotoxic effects, particularly when used in high doses and for extended duration. ER  - 
Adjuvant capecitabine plus bevacizumab versus capecitabine alone in patients with colorectal cancer (QUASAR 2): an open-label, randomised phase 3 trial$$$ Background Antiangiogenic agents have established efficacy in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. We investigated whether bevacizumab could improve disease-free survival in the adjuvant setting after resection of the primary tumour. Methods For the open-label, randomised, controlled QUASAR 2 trial, which was done at 170 hospitals in seven countries, we recruited patients aged 18 years or older with WHO performance status scores of 0 or 1 who had undergone potentially curative surgery for histologically proven stage III or high-risk stage II colorectal cancer. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive eight 3-week cycles of oral capecitabine alone (1250 mg/m2 twice daily for 14 days followed by a break for 7 days) or the same regimen of oral capecitabine plus 16 cycles of 7·5 mg/kg bevacizumab by intravenous infusion over 90 min on day 1 of each cycle. Randomisation was done by a computer-generated schedule with use of minimisation with a random element stratified by age, disease stage, tumour site, and country. The study was open label and no-one was masked to treatment assignment. The primary endpoint was 3-year disease-free survival, assessed in the intention-to-treat population. Toxic effects were assessed in patients who received at least one dose of randomised treatment. This trial is registered with the ISRCTN registry, number ISRCTN45133151. Findings Between April 25, 2005, and Oct 12, 2010, 1952 eligible patients were enrolled, of whom 1941 had assessable data (968 in the capecitabine alone group and 973 in the capecitabine and bevacizumab group). Median follow-up was 4·92 years (IQR 4·00–5·16). Disease-free survival at 3 years did not differ between the groups (75·4%, 95% CI 72·5–78·0 in the capecitabine and bevacizumab group vs 78·4%, 75·7–80·9 in the capecitabine alone group; hazard ratio 1·06, 95% CI 0·89–1·25, p=0·54). The most common grade 3–4 adverse events were hand–foot syndrome (201 [21%] of 963 in the capecitabine alone group vs 257 [27%] of 959 in the capecitabine and bevacizumab group) and diarrhoea (102 [11%] vs 104 [11%]), and, with the addition of bevacizumab, expected increases were recorded in all-grade hypertension (320 [33%] vs 75 [8%]), proteinuria (197 [21%] vs 49 [5%]), and wound healing problems (30 [3%] vs 17 [2%]). 571 serious adverse events were reported (221 with capecitabine alone and 350 with capecitabine and bevacizumab). Most of these were gastrointestinal (n=245) or cardiovascular (n=169). 23 deaths within 6 months of randomisation were classified as being related to treatment, eight in the capecitabine alone group and 15 in the capecitabine and bevacizumab group. Interpretation The addition of bevacizumab to capecitabine in the adjuvant setting for colorectal cancer yielded no benefit in the treatment of an unselected population and should not be used. Funding Roche. ER  - 
Scientific epidemiology and health economics: A retrospective analysis on pesticide consumption and survivors in Telangana State-India$$$ Objectives: The primary aim of the study is to collect and analyze comprehensive factors for disease epidemiology in individual survivors of pesticide poisoning. The secondary aim of the study is to examine the impact of these health conditions on the economic burden on the population. Methods: The study is a random sample done in 2014 and respondents were interviewed from six villages and relevant data collected from public/ private hospitals for cross verification. Methods include experts' panel discussions to estimate treatment costs and respondents' interviews using costs and quality of life (QOL). Results: The preliminary results shows that the after poisoning 40% farmers are affected with brain and nervous system, among these 65% are suffering from such as migraine, 55% anxiety neurosis, 40% depression and epilepsy. Musculoskeletal system sufferers are 55%. 76% cervical pain, 50% back pain, 36% arthritis. Gastrointestinal system sufferers are 46% and nearly 27% are menstrual problems in hormone systems. However, the exact prevalence and occurrence of these conditions remain unclear. The economic burden of these conditions on the post poisoning life of these individuals certainly deserves more attention. Conclusions: It is envisaged to determine specific correlation between poisoning injury and health condition that is observed with post recovery period. The study will be beneficial to the participant subjects for improving their overall health conditions and economic planning with specific suggestions and recommendations of the study. ER  - 
Temozolomide chemotherapy versus radiotherapy in high-risk low-grade glioma (EORTC 22033-26033): a randomised, open-label, phase 3 intergroup study$$$ Background Outcome of low-grade glioma (WHO grade II) is highly variable, reflecting molecular heterogeneity of the disease. We compared two different, single-modality treatment strategies of standard radiotherapy versus primary temozolomide chemotherapy in patients with low-grade glioma, and assessed progression-free survival outcomes and identified predictive molecular factors. Methods For this randomised, open-label, phase 3 intergroup study (EORTC 22033-26033), undertaken in 78 clinical centres in 19 countries, we included patients aged 18 years or older who had a low-grade (WHO grade II) glioma (astrocytoma, oligoastrocytoma, or oligodendroglioma) with at least one high-risk feature (aged >40 years, progressive disease, tumour size >5 cm, tumour crossing the midline, or neurological symptoms), and without known HIV infection, chronic hepatitis B or C virus infection, or any condition that could interfere with oral drug administration. Eligible patients were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive either conformal radiotherapy (up to 50·4 Gy; 28 doses of 1·8 Gy once daily, 5 days per week for up to 6·5 weeks) or dose-dense oral temozolomide (75 mg/m2 once daily for 21 days, repeated every 28 days [one cycle], for a maximum of 12 cycles). Random treatment allocation was done online by a minimisation technique with prospective stratification by institution, 1p deletion (absent vs present vs undetermined), contrast enhancement (yes vs no), age (<40 vs ≥40 years), and WHO performance status (0 vs ≥1). Patients, treating physicians, and researchers were aware of the assigned intervention. A planned analysis was done after 216 progression events occurred. Our primary clinical endpoint was progression-free survival, analysed by intention-to-treat; secondary outcomes were overall survival, adverse events, neurocognitive function (will be reported separately), health-related quality of life and neurological function (reported separately), and correlative analyses of progression-free survival by molecular markers (1p/19q co-deletion, MGMT promoter methylation status, and IDH1/IDH2 mutations). This trial is closed to accrual but continuing for follow-up, and is registered at the European Trials Registry, EudraCT 2004-002714-11, and at ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT00182819. Findings Between Sept 23, 2005, and March 26, 2010, 707 patients were registered for the study. Between Dec 6, 2005, and Dec 21, 2012, we randomly assigned 477 patients to receive either radiotherapy (n=240) or temozolomide chemotherapy (n=237). At a median follow-up of 48 months (IQR 31–56), median progression-free survival was 39 months (95% CI 35–44) in the temozolomide group and 46 months (40–56) in the radiotherapy group (unadjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1·16, 95% CI 0·9–1·5, p=0·22). Median overall survival has not been reached. Exploratory analyses in 318 molecularly-defined patients confirmed the significantly different prognosis for progression-free survival in the three recently defined molecular low-grade glioma subgroups (IDHmt, with or without 1p/19q co-deletion [IDHmt/codel], or IDH wild type [IDHwt]; p=0·013). Patients with IDHmt/non-codel tumours treated with radiotherapy had a longer progression-free survival than those treated with temozolomide (HR 1·86 [95% CI 1·21–2·87], log-rank p=0·0043), whereas there were no significant treatment-dependent differences in progression-free survival for patients with IDHmt/codel and IDHwt tumours. Grade 3–4 haematological adverse events occurred in 32 (14%) of 236 patients treated with temozolomide and in one (<1%) of 228 patients treated with radiotherapy, and grade 3–4 infections occurred in eight (3%) of 236 patients treated with temozolomide and in two (1%) of 228 patients treated with radiotherapy. Moderate to severe fatigue was recorded in eight (3%) patients in the radiotherapy group (grade 2) and 16 (7%) in the temozolomide group. 119 (25%) of all 477 patients had died at database lock. Four patients died due to treatment-related causes: two in the temozolomide group and two in the radiotherapy group. Interpretation Overall, there was no significant difference in progression-free survival in patients with low-grade glioma when treated with either radiotherapy alone or temozolomide chemotherapy alone. Further data maturation is needed for overall survival analyses and evaluation of the full predictive effects of different molecular subtypes for future individualised treatment choices. Funding Merck Sharpe & Dohme-Merck & Co, Canadian Cancer Society, Swiss Cancer League, UK National Institutes of Health, Australian National Health and Medical Research Council, US National Cancer Institute, European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer Cancer Research Fund. ER  - 
Health status among adults born with an oral cleft in Norway$$$ IMPORTANCE Parents regularly express concern about long-term health outcomes for children who are born with an oral cleft. OBJECTIVE To assess whether oral clefts affect the health and ability to work of young adults. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A population-based cohort studywas conducted on all individuals born in Norway between calendar years 1967 and 1992 (n = 1 490 401). All patients treated for clefts in Norway during the study period were invited to participate (n = 2860). This study used population-based, long-term follow-up data from national registries to focus on the future health outcomes of individuals with cleft and no additional chronic medical conditions or congenital anomalies. A total of 523 individuals were excluded from the study cohort because they declined participation, could not be reached by mail, or had birth defects other than clefts. The final cohort, consisting of 2337 cases with isolated clefts and 1 413 819 unaffected individuals, was followed up until December 31, 2010, using compulsory national registries and clinical data. Data analysis was conducted from February 13, 2014, to April 18, 2016. EXPOSURES Oral clefts. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Death, intellectual disability, schizophrenia, mood affective disorders, anxiety disorders, autism spectrum disorders, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, severe learning disability, cerebral palsy, epilepsy, muscle or skeletal disorders, trauma, and episodes of reduced health. RESULTS Of 2860 individuals born with an oral cleft, 2337 were included in the analysis; of these, 1401 were male (59.9%). Mean (SD) age in 2010 was 30.6 (7.7) years. Compared with unaffected individuals, no increased risks were found regarding morbidity or mortality among persons with isolated cleft lip only. Among individuals with isolated cleft lip and cleft palate, increased risks of intellectual disability (relative risk [RR], 2.2; 95%CI, 1.2-4.1) and cerebral palsy (RR, 2.6; 95%CI, 1.1-6.2) were found. Individuals with isolated cleft palate (ie, without cleft lip) had increased mortality (hazard ratio, 3.4; 95%CI, 2.1-5.7) in addition to an increased risk of intellectual disability (RR, 11.5; 95%CI, 8.5-15.6), anxiety disorders (RR, 2.9; 95%CI, 1.3-6.5), autism spectrum disorders (RR, 6.6; 95%CI, 2.8-15.7), severe learning disabilities (RR, 10.6; 95%CI, 5.5-20.2), cerebral palsy (RR, 4.8; 95%CI, 2.3-10.0), epilepsy (RR, 4.9; 95% CI, 2.2-10.8), and muscle or skeletal disorders (RR, 2.7; 95%CI, 1.4-5.4). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Young adults who were born with isolated cleft lip only did not differ significantly from unaffected individuals in their risk of health problems. However, individuals with isolated cleft palate had increased health risks and mortality. This information should be provided to genetic counselors, parents of children with clefts, and health care workers involved in the treatment or follow-up of these children. ER  - 
A retrospective investigation of clozapine treatment in autistic and nonautistic children and adolescents in an inpatient clinic in Turkey$$$ Objective: The aim of this retrospective study is to examine the clinical outcomes and safety of clozapine in children and adolescents with schizophrenia or other psychotic disorders/autism spectrum disorder (ASD) or affective disorders. Methods: The inpatient and outpatient files of all children and adolescents treated with clozapine over a period of 34 months (from October 2011 to July 2014) were reviewed. Demographic and clinical data were examined to describe clinical and metabolic findings, dosing, and tolerability of clozapine treatment in youth with schizophrenia, other psychotic disorders, ASD, or bipolar disorder. Results: The 37 pediatric patients included 26 patients with schizophrenia or other psychotic disorders, 7 patients with ASD complicated by schizophrenia or other psychotic disorders or affective disorders, and 4 patients with ASD only. In all groups (n = 37) there was a significant reduction (p < 0.001) in Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) points after clozapine treatment during the inpatient period (38.78 ± 27.75 days). In patients with schizophrenia or other psychotic disorders co-occurring with ASD or not (n = 31), there was a significant improvement in psychotic symptoms according to Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) total scores and subscores (p < 0.001). Of the 26 patients with schizophrenia or other psychotic disorders, 8 (30.8%) showed a positive response (>30% symptom reduction on BPRS). In patients with ASD complicated by schizophrenia or other psychotic disorders or bipolar disorders (n = 7), there was a significant reduction (p = 0.017) in BPRS scores after clozapine treatment. The discontinuation rate for clozapine was 10.8%, and the most frequently observed side effect was hypersalivation (54.1%). Neutropenia associated with clozapine was observed in only one patient (2.7%). Conclusions: Clozapine seems to be effective and safe in children and adolescents with schizophrenia or other psychotic disorders co-occuring with ASD or not. There is a need for further studies for determining the efficacy of clozapine in children and adolescents with bipolar affective disorder or ASD. ER  - 
Effects of atomoxetine in individuals with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and low-functioning autism spectrum disorder$$$ Objectives: This naturalistic, retrospective study investigated the effects of atomoxetine (ATX) on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and autistic features in children with autism spectrum disorders (ASDs) and intellectual disability (ID). Methods: Participants (n = 37, age range 6-17 years, mean: 10.16 ± 3.60) were assessed at baseline, 4th and 12th weeks using Clinical Global Impressions (CGI) scales, DSM-IV-based ADHD-rating scale (ADHD-RS), and amended Turkish version of Aberrant Behavior Checklist (ABC). The primary outcome measure was a treatment response defined by a CGI-improvement score of 1 or 2 together with a decrease of at least 25% in the parent-rated ADHD-RS total score at the end of 12th week. Results: Five patients (13.5%) stopped medication at 4 weeks due to ineffectivity (2) and intolerable side effects (increased motor activity and talkativeness [n = 1], irritability [n = 2], temper outbursts [n = 2], and increased blood pressure [n = 1]). Sixteen patients (43.2%) were judged to be responders according to primary outcome measure. Improvement rate on CGI scale was 48.8%. On ADHD-RS, there were significant reductions between baseline and 4th week and between baseline and 12th week in both hyperactivity and inattention, and between baseline and 12th week in impulsivity scores. Decrease was significant in hyperactivity and social withdrawal subscales of the parent-reported ABC. Responders based on primary outcome measure were not significantly different from nonresponders in terms of sociodemographic features or clinical parameters, including intellectual, language, autism symptom, and ADHD symptom levels. Conclusion: In this chart review, ATX appears to be safe and effective for social withdrawal and ADHD symptoms in children with ASD and ID. ER  - 
Under-prescribing of Prevention Drugs and Primary Prevention of Stroke and Transient Ischaemic Attack in UK General Practice: A Retrospective Analysis$$$ Background: Stroke is a leading cause of death and disability; worldwide it is estimated that 16.9 million people have a first stroke each year. Lipid-lowering, anticoagulant, and antihypertensive drugs can prevent strokes, but may be underused. Methods and Findings: We analysed anonymised electronic primary care records from a United Kingdom (UK) primary care database that covers approximately 6% of the UK population. Patients with first-ever stroke/transient ischaemic attack (TIA), ≥18 y, with diagnosis between 1 January 2009 and 31 December 2013, were included. Drugs were considered under-prescribed when lipid-lowering, anticoagulant, or antihypertensive drugs were clinically indicated but were not prescribed prior to the time of stroke or TIA. The proportions of strokes or TIAs with prevention drugs under-prescribed, when clinically indicated, were calculated. In all, 29,043 stroke/TIA patients met the inclusion criteria; 17,680 had ≥1 prevention drug clinically indicated: 16,028 had lipid-lowering drugs indicated, 3,194 anticoagulant drugs, and 7,008 antihypertensive drugs. At least one prevention drug was not prescribed when clinically indicated in 54% (9,579/17,680) of stroke/TIA patients: 49% (7,836/16,028) were not prescribed lipid-lowering drugs, 52% (1,647/3,194) were not prescribed anticoagulant drugs, and 25% (1,740/7,008) were not prescribed antihypertensive drugs. The limitations of our study are that our definition of under-prescribing of drugs for stroke/TIA prevention did not address patients’ adherence to medication or medication targets, such as blood pressure levels. Conclusions: In our study, over half of people eligible for lipid-lowering, anticoagulant, or antihypertensive drugs were not prescribed them prior to first stroke/TIA. We estimate that approximately 12,000 first strokes could potentially be prevented annually in the UK through optimal prescribing of these drugs. Improving prescription of lipid-lowering, anticoagulant, and antihypertensive drugs is important to reduce the incidence and burden of stroke and TIA. ER  - 
Assessment of impact of pharmacophilia and pharmacophobia on medication adherence in patients with psychiatric disorders: A cross-sectional study$$$ Aims: To investigate the impact of pharmacophilia and pharmacophobia on medication adherence among patients with psychiatric disorders. Materials and Methods: A cross-sectional, observational study was conducted in the Department of Psychiatry over a period of 2 months. Patients above 18 years of age with a psychiatric diagnosis as per the International Classification of Diseases 10 and receiving at least one psychotropic medication (any medication capable of affecting the mind, emotions, and behavior) for >1 month were enrolled in the study. Patients who were critically ill, on magico-religious treatment (beliefs prevalent in a particular culture concerning various supernatural influences operating in the environment), diagnosis of dementia, or mental retardation and patients from whom reliable history of illness cannot be obtained were excluded from the study. Drug attitude inventory scale was used to classify patients into pharmacophilic and pharmacophobic groups. Medication adherence rating scale was used to identify the extent of medication adherence. Results: Among 176 patients included, 110 were found to be pharmacophilic and 54 were pharmacophobic. The number of hospitalizations (P < 0.03) and adverse drug reactions (P < 0.001) were found to be higher in pharmacophobic group as compared to pharmacophilic group. Antipsychotics were found to be most commonly prescribed medications among pharmacophobic group (P < 0.001). In this study, patients who had pharmacophilia were found to be have higher adherence score (mean score: 6.98) than patients with pharmacophobia (mean score: 2.9), with P< 0.001. Conclusions: This study concluded that pharmacophobia toward psychopharmacological agents can significantly reduce the medication adherence among patients with psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Holistic needs assessment in brain cancer: Challenges and opportunities$$$ Purpose/Objective: This study explored the needs of glioma patients and what strategies would most effectively facilitate communication of these needs in an outpatient setting. Background/Rationale: Gliomas have a median survival of < 15 months from diagnosis and are the leading cause of death from cancer death in men under 45 and women under 35 in the United Kingdom. The impact of this diagnosis and accompanying neuro cognitive symptoms often have a significant and detrimental impact. While holistic needs assessment (HNA) is has been recognised as beneficial strategy, generic HNA tools for cancer often do not include the problems this group of patients experience. In addition, the neuro cognitive symptoms could present challenges in adminstration. Description/Methods/Evaluation: Aqualitative exploratory study was undertaken with glioma patients who have completed active treatment and carers from two cancer centres in Scotland. This involved 10 interviews (4 with carer/patient dyads and 6 with the patients alone) and 2 focus groups. These were guided by a focus group guide or interview schedule based on the aims of the study. These were transcribed and thematic analysis was undertaken. Outcome/Results/Findings: The findings showed that cognitive difficulties such as dizziness, epilepsy, hearing, memory loss, sight loss, reading difficulties or sight loss presented a significant impact to quality of life, independence and activities of daily living. Some carers highlighted issues around personality changes and this presented significant stress to them. Patients and carers emphasised the need for information at a pace right for them and particularly specialist information when required. In the review of strategies and tools to support HNA, most all patients felt a simple tick box approach (rather than a scale) was preferable due to simplicity. Some patients highlighted concern that clinicians may not look or act on the information. Conclusion/Discussion: HNA is valued by patients and carers to communicate needs however this group maywarrant different strategies in assessment. Further reserach to examine what approaches to HNA in this group are most beneficial. ER  - 
Medical cannabis use in Canada: Vapourization and modes of delivery$$$ Background: The mode of medical cannabis delivery-whether cannabis is smoked, vapourized, or consumed orally-may have important implications for its therapeutic efficacy and health risks. However, there is very little evidence on current patterns of use among Canadian medical cannabis users, particularly with respect to modes of delivery. The current study examined modes of medical cannabis delivery following regulatory changes in 2014 governing how Canadians access medical cannabis. Methods: A total of 364 approved adult Canadian medical cannabis users completed an online cross-sectional survey between April and June 2015. The survey examined patterns of medical cannabis use, modes of delivery used, and reasons for use. Participants were recruited through a convenience sample from nine Health Canada licensed producers. Results: Using a vapourizer was the most popular mode of delivery for medical cannabis (53 %), followed by smoking a joint (47 %). The main reason for using a vapourizer was to reduce negative health consequences associated with smoking. A majority of current vapourizer users reported using a portable vapourizer (67.2 %), followed by a stationary vapourizer (41.7 %), and an e-cigarette or vape pen (19.3 %). Current use of a vapourizer was associated with fewer respiratory symptoms (AOR=1.28, 95 % CI 1.05-1.56, p=0.01). Conclusions: The findings suggest an increase in the popularity of vapourizers as the primary mode of delivery among approved medical users. Using vapourizers has the potential to prevent some of the adverse respiratory health consequences associated with smoking and may serve as an effective harm reduction method. Monitoring implications of such current and future changes to medical cannabis regulations may be beneficial to policymakers. ER  - 
Severe adverse events during second-line tuberculosis treatment in the context of high HIV Co-infection in South Africa: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: According to the World Health Organization, South Africa ranks as one of the highest burden of TB, TB/HIV co-infection, and drug-resistant TB (DR-TB) countries. DR-TB treatment is complicated to administer and relies on the use of multiple toxic drugs, with potential for severe adverse drug reactions. We report the occurrence of adverse events (AEs) during a standardised DR-TB treatment regimen at two outpatient, decentralized, public-sector sites in Johannesburg, South Africa. Methods: We reviewed medical records of the six-month intensive treatment phase for rifampicin-resistant (RR) TB patients registered May 2012 - December 2014. Patients contributed follow-up time until death, loss from treatment, censoring (6 months) or data extraction. A standardized regimen of kanamycin, moxifloxacin, ethionamide, terizidone, and pyrazinamide was used according to national guidelines. AEs were graded using the AIDS Clinical Trial Group scale. We present subhazard ratios from competing risk analysis for time to severe AE, accounting for mortality and loss from treatment. Results: Across the two sites, 578 eligible patient files were reviewed. 36.7 % were categorized as low weight (≤50 kg) at DR-TB initiation. 76.0 % had no history of TB treatment prior to the current episode of RR TB. 26.8 % were diagnosed with RR TB while hospitalized, indicating poor clinical condition. 82.5 % of patients were also HIV positive, of whom 43.8 % were on ART prior to RR TB treatment and 32.1 % initiated ART with or after RR TB treatment. Median CD4 count was 114.5 (IQR: 45-246.5). Overall, 578 reports of AEs were captured for 204 patients (35.3 %) and 110 patients (19.0 %) had at least one severe AE reported. Patients with at least one AE experienced a median of 3 (IQR: 2-4) AEs per patient. HIV-positive patients with CD4 counts ≤100 cells/mm3 and those newly initiating ART were more likely to experience a severe AE (sHR: 2.76, 95 % CI: 1.30-5.84 and sHR: 3.07, 95 % CI: 1.46-6.46, respectively). Conclusion: Severe AE are common during the first 6 months of RR TB treatment and HIV-positive patients newly initiating ART have the highest subdistribution hazard ratio for severe AE, accounting for the competing risks of death and loss from treatment. ER  - 
Characterization of edible marijuana product exposures reported to United States poison centers$$$ Context: Edible marijuana products are sold as brownies, cookies, and candies, which may be indistinguishable from counterparts without marijuana and are palatable to children and adults. The consumption of an entire product containing multiple dose-units may result in overdose. Objective: To characterize edible marijuana exposures reported to US poison centers with subgroup analysis by age. Methods: We analyzed single substance, human exposure calls coded to marijuana brownies, candies, cookies, beverages, or other foods reported to the National Poison Data System from January 2013 to December 2015. Calls were analyzed by state, age, gender, exposure route, clinical effect, therapies, and level of healthcare facility utilization. Results: Four-hundred and thirty calls were reported: Colorado (N = 166, 1.05/100,000 population/year) and Washington (96, 0.46) yielded the highest number of exposures. Three hundred and eighty-one (91%) calls occurred in states with decriminalized medical/recreational marijuana. The number of calls increased every year of the study. The most common age groups were: ≤5 years (N = 109, 0.15/100,000 population/year) and 13–19 (78, 0.09). The most frequent clinical effects were drowsiness/lethargy (N = 118, percentage = 43%), tachycardia (84, 31%), agitated/irritable (37, 14%), and confusion (37, 14%). Children ≤5 years have more drowsiness/lethargy, ataxia, and red eye/conjunctivitis. No deaths were reported. The most common therapies administered were intravenous fluids (85, 20%), dilute/irrigate/wash (48, 11 %), and benzodiazepines (47, 11%). Three patients (ages 4, 10, and 57 years) received intubation. 97 (23%), 217 (50%), and 12 (3%) calls were managed at home, treated/released, admitted to a critical care unit, respectively. Discussion: Although most clinical effects are minor, ventilatory support may be necessary for children and adults. We speculate the increasing exposures may be related to a combination of delayed absorption kinetics of Δ9-tetrahydrocannablnol, lagging packaging regulations, increased accessibility in decriminalized states, and increased familiarity of poison center specialists with edible product codes. Conclusions: Edible marijuana exposures are increasing and may lead to severe respiratory depression. ER  - 
Outcome of antiepileptic drug treatment of 1282 patients with epilepsy, their pharmacovigilance reports and concomitant medication on CNS in an East-Hungarian adult database$$$ Objective The aim of this study was to determine the outcome of antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment based on seizure freedom, pharmacovigilance reports and effects of concomitant medication on the central nervous system (CNS) of adult epileptic patients registered in the East-Hungarian Epilepsy Database. Methods Prospective cross-sectional database was compiled from outpatient files between 1992 and 2011. Results The majority of 1282 treated patients were on monotherapy 894 patients (70%), 286 (22%) on bitherapy and 102 (8%) on polytherapy. Of all treated patients, seizure freedom was achieved by 603 (47%). Among the seizure free patients 464 (77%) were on monotherapy, 115 (19%) on bitherapy and only 24 (4%) on polytherapy. The overall rate of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) was 16.2%. From patients on AED, 279 (22%) took concomitant drugs acting on the CNS. In a logistic regression model, other CNS-related drugs and a number of prescribed antiepileptic drugs had a significant influence on the desired outcome of seizure freedom. On comparing the Proportional Reporting Ratio and 95%CI of older and newer AEDs, no significant superiority of newer AEDs was detected. Conclusion Careful drug selection for epileptic patients must be highlighted in order to improve outcome, reduce ADRs and improve patient compliance. ER  - 
Splendor in the grass? A pilot study assessing the impact of medical marijuana on executive function$$$ Currently, 25 states and Washington DC have enacted full medical marijuana (MMJ) programs while 18 states allow limited access to MMJ products. Limited access states permit low (or zero) tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and high cannabidiol (CBD) products to treat specified conditions such as uncontrolled epilepsy. Although MMJ products are derived from the same plant species as recreational MJ, they are often selected for their unique cannabinoid constituents and ratios, not typically sought by recreational users, which may impact neurocognitive outcomes. To date, few studies have investigated the potential impact of MMJ use on cognitive performance, despite a well-documented association between recreational marijuana (MJ) use and executive dysfunction. The current study assessed the impact of 3 months of MMJ treatment on executive function, exploring whether MMJ patients would experience improvement in cognitive functioning, perhaps related to primary symptom alleviation. As part of a larger longitudinal study, 24 patients certified for MMJ use completed baseline executive function assessments and 11 of these so far have returned for their first follow-up visit 3 months after initiating treatment. Results suggest that in general, MMJ patients experienced some improvement on measures of executive functioning, including the Stroop Color Word Test and Trail Making Test, mostly reflected as increased speed in completing tasks without a loss of accuracy. On self-report questionnaires, patients also indicated moderate improvements in clinical state, including reduced sleep disturbance, decreased symptoms of depression, attenuated impulsivity, and positive changes in some aspects of quality of life. Additionally, patients reported a notable decrease in their use of conventional pharmaceutical agents from baseline, with opiate use declining more than 42%. While intriguing, these findings are preliminary and warrant further investigation at additional time points and in larger sample sizes. Given the likelihood of increased MMJ use across the country, it is imperative to determine the potential impact of short- and long-term treatment on cognitive performance as well as the efficacy of MMJ treatment itself. ER  - 
Pathways to psychiatric care for mental disorders: A retrospective study of patients seeking mental health services at a public psychiatric facility in Ghana$$$ Background: The process to seek for care by patients who experience episodes of mental disorders may determine how and where they receive the needed treatment. This study aimed to understand the pathways that people with mental disorders traversed for psychiatric services, particularly where these individuals will first seek treatment and the factors that influence such pathways to mental health care. Methods: A cross-sectional study conducted at Pantang psychiatric hospital in Accra, Ghana involving 107 patients of ages 18 and older and their family members. The study adapted the World Health Organization's (WHO) pathway encounter form to collect information about patients' pathway contacts for psychiatric care. Chi Square test was done to determine patients' first point of contact and any association between the independent variables (clinical diagnosis and socio-demographic factors) and first pathway contact. Multiple regression analyses were also done to estimate the odds of patients' first pathway contact. Results: Overall, nearly 48 % of patients initially contacted non-psychiatric treatment centers (faith-based, traditional healers and general medical practitioners) as their first point of contact for treatment of mental disorders. A little more than half of the patients went directly to the formal public psychiatric facility as their first point of contact for care of their mental disorders. Patients' occupation was significantly associated with their first point of contact for psychiatric care (χ 2 = 6.91; p < 0.033). Those with secondary education were less likely to initially seek care from the formal public psychiatric hospital compared to those with no formal education (uOR = 0.86; 95 % CI 0.18-4.08). Conclusion: Patients used different pathways to seek psychiatric care, namely direct pathway to a psychiatric hospital or through transition from informal non-psychiatric service providers. Since nearly half of patients do not initially seek mental health care directly at the formal psychiatric facility, it is important for the government of Ghana to increase funding to the mental health authorities in Ghana as a matter of priority so that more individuals can be identified and integrated into mainstream psychiatric treatment and general health facilities where there are trained Community Mental Health Officers (CMHO) and Clinical Psychiatric Officers (CPO) to provide early intervention and treatment. ER  - 
Executive functioning profiles from the BRIEF across pediatric medical disorders: Age and diagnosis factors$$$ The objective of the study was to compare executive functioning (EF) profiles across several pediatric medical conditions and explore the influence of age of diagnosis and evaluation. A retrospective, cross-sectional study of 734 children aged 5 to 18 years was conducted across five medical groups (brain tumor, leukemia [ALL], epilepsy [EPI], neurofibromatosis type 1 [NF1], and ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency [OTC-D]), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) controls, and matched healthy controls. We compared groups across the scales of a parent-completed Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Functioning (BRIEF) using a repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA). Separate ANOVAs were conducted to look at age factors. The results showed that the ADHD group differed from all other groups and had the highest level of reported EF problems. The NF1 and OTC-D groups differed significantly from the healthy comparison group for overall EF problems, while the EPI and cancer groups did not. Working memory was the most elevated scale across medical groups, followed by plan/organize. Children with medical disorders were two to four times more likely than healthy controls to have clinically significant problems in several EF domains. There was a main effect for age at diagnosis and age at evaluation. A subset of children with medical disorders were found to have parent-reported EF difficulties, with particular vulnerability noted in working memory and organizational/planning skills. This has relevance for the development of interventions that may be helpful across disorders. Children with particular diagnoses and earlier age of diagnosis and evaluation had greater reported EF problems. ER  - 
Prolonged-release melatonin versus placebo for benzodiazepine discontinuation in patients with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder: A randomised, placebo-controlled, blinded trial$$$ Objectives. We assessed if prolonged-release melatonin can facilitate withdrawal of long-term benzodiazepine usage in patients with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. Methods. Randomised, placebo-controlled, blinded, parallel superiority trial of 24 weeks duration. Participants were randomised to prolonged-release melatonin 2 mg daily versus matching placebo and were continuously guided to gradually reduce their usual benzodiazepine dosage. The primary outcome was mean benzodiazepine daily dosage at 24 weeks. Secondary outcomes included pattern of benzodiazepine dosage over time, benzodiazepine cessation proportion, and benzodiazepine withdrawal symptoms. Results. In total, 86 patients (21–74 years) were enrolled: 42 were randomised to melatonin versus 44 to placebo. We found no significant effect of melatonin on mean benzodiazepine dosage at 24 weeks (melatonin group 8.01 mg versus placebo group 5.72 mg diazepam equivalents; difference between means –2.29; 95% CI –5.78 to 1.21; P = 0.20). Benzodiazepine cessation proportion was 38.1% (16/42) in the melatonin group versus 47.7% (21/44) in the placebo group (OR 0.64; 95% CI 0.26 to 1.56; P = 0.32). Prolonged-release melatonin had no effect on benzodiazepine withdrawal symptoms. Conclusions. Benzodiazepine dosage was comparably low between the groups after 24 weeks of guided gradual dose reduction. In this context, prolonged-release melatonin did not seem to further facilitate benzodiazepine discontinuation. ER  - 
Dental service use among patients with specific disabilities: A nationwide population-based study$$$ Background/purpose The Taiwan National Health Insurance program has allocated a specific fund for dental services to patients with specific disabilities (PSDs); however, the trends and the quality are unknown. In this study, we conducted quantity analyses and quality assessments of dental service use among PSDs using a nationwide population-based database. Methods PSDs were identified according to the codes of diagnosis fee. Quantity analyses included the number of patients receiving dental services, the number of visits, and the percentages of categories of dental service use. Quality assessments included refilling rates for operative dental treatments and unfinished rates for endodontic therapies. Results For quantity analyses, dental services were accessible to 3–4% of patients with disabilities and were mostly provided to younger PSDs. The general population received more operative and endodontic therapies, and PSDs received more periodontal therapies. For quality assessments, the teeth of PSDs had a 9.74–15.07% refilling rate, which was higher than that of the general population (1.39–6.37%). Furthermore, the teeth of PSDs had a 32.03% unfinished endodontic rate, which was higher than that of the general population (21.42%). Conclusion During 2010–2012, only 3–4% of patients with disabilities had access to dental services, mostly provided to younger PSDs. Teeth of PSDs had higher refilling rates and unfinished endodontic sessions than the general population. We suggest that a more comprehensive dental care system is necessary to improve the quantity and quality of dental services, especially in middle-aged and older PSDs. ER  - 
Clinical manifestations in children and adolescents with corpus callosum abnormalities$$$ Corpus callosum abnormality (CCA) outcomes are quite unpredictable and variable, from asymptomatic forms to mild or severe neurodevelopment disorders. The aim of this study was to examine clinical outcomes in CCA patients. The study included 61 children and adolescents in whom brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans showed CCA, isolated or associated to other central nervous system lesions. All patients underwent anamnesis, physical and neurological examination, routine laboratory tests, electroencephalogram (EEG), and MRI scans. In all participants, the intelligence quotient (IQ) was determined. We divided the participants into two subgroups: the first subgroup included patients with an isolated CCA, and the second subgroup included patients with CCA associated with extra-callosal brain lesions (complex CCA). We found that CCA were associated with elevated frequency to intellectual disability (ID), other neurodevelopment disorders, epilepsy, and isolated EEG anomalies. Mild ID (p = 0.003) was more frequent in the isolated subgroup, while epilepsy (p = 0.036) and pre-perinatal risk factors (p = 0.023) were more frequent in the complex CCA subgroup. Although the role of the CC in the interhemispheric communication is known, neurological and neurodevelopment outcomes of CCA are extremely variable and unpredictable. The presence of extra-callosal brain anomalies is one of the major prognostic factor, and probably, they have an important impact on the clinical outcome. ER  - 
Epilepsy and tobacco smoking: a cross-sectional study$$$ There is little data concerning the prevalence of smoking in the population of people with epilepsy. The present study addresses this aspect in a sample of 429 unselected adults with epilepsy living in French-speaking Switzerland. The criterion of at least one cigarette per day for the past 6 months was used to define the status of “current” smoker. The questionnaires included questions about the type of epilepsy and tobacco consumption and were prospectively filled by attending neurologists in the presence of their patient, ensuring a reliable diagnosis of epilepsy. Data were compared with those of the “Tabakmonitoring” data collection, which gives annually detailed information about tobacco use habits in the Switzerland’s population according to the different linguistic regions. Among patients suffering from epilepsy, the prevalence of current smoking was 32.1 % (28.8 % among women and 35 % among men), while the prevalence of smoking was 19.0 % in the general population in French-speaking Switzerland in the same period [OR 2.0, confidence interval (CI) 1.6–2.5, p < 0.001]. The subgroup of patients with epilepsy suffering from idiopathic (genetic) generalized epilepsy had the highest prevalence of smoking: 44.3 versus 27.8 % in the other types of epilepsy—p = 0.03. Epilepsy appears significantly correlated to smoking. The possible causal relationship, such as common genetic susceptibility to epilepsy and to nicotine addiction, indirect comorbidity through stress or depression associated with epilepsy, beneficial effect of nicotine on epilepsy, still remains unclear and deserves further studies. ER  - 
Safety, efficacy and outcome-related factors of perampanel over 12 months in a real-world setting: The FYDATA study$$$ Background Real-world data of current antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) used to treat focal seizures is of importance to understand the efficacy and safety outside of the clinical trial setting. Here we report real-world data from a large series of patients treated with perampanel for 1 year. Methods FYDATA was a multicentre, retrospective, 1-year observational study assessing the efficacy and safety of adjuvant perampanel in patients ≥12 years of age with focal epilepsy in a real-world setting. At 12 months, the proportion of patients who were seizure free, median percentage seizure reduction, proportion of responders, retention rate and proportion of patients with adverse events (AEs) were assessed. Analyses were also performed to identify any patient-, medication- and disease-related factors associated with a large clinical response or carry a risk for AEs. Results A total of 464 patients were included in the study with a retention rate of 60.6% at 1 year. The mean number of prior AEDs was 7.8. The median percentage reduction in overall seizures was 33.3% (75% for secondary generalised seizures) after 1 year, with 7.2% of patients achieving seizure freedom. Furthermore, patients on non-enzyme-inducing AEDs were more likely to achieve seizure freedom, and logistic regression revealed that patients aged ≥65 years, those with epilepsy due to a vascular aetiology and those who had received fewer prior AEDs showed a better clinical response to perampanel. A total of 62.9% of the patients experienced AEs at 12 months; dizziness, somnolence and irritability were the most frequent AEs. Patients with prior psychiatric comorbidities (hyperactivity and personality disorder) were more likely to experience psychiatric AEs with perampanel, and slower titration schedules were associated with less AEs overall. Conclusion Perampanel, for the treatment of focal epilepsy in a real-world setting in a refractory population, over 1 year, demonstrates a similar efficacy and safety profile to that observed in clinical trials. Our results have implications for the optimisation of perampanel use in a clinical setting. ER  - 
PatientsLikeMe® Online Epilepsy Community: Patient characteristics and predictors of poor health-related quality of life$$$ Objective The online PatientsLikeMe® Epilepsy Community allows patients with epilepsy to record, monitor, and share their demographic, disease, and treatment characteristics, providing valuable insights into patient perceptions and understanding of epilepsy. The objective of this retrospective analysis was to characterize the profile of users and their disease and identify factors predictive of poor health-related quality of life (HRQoL), while assessing the platform's potential in providing patient-reported data for research purposes. Methods Data recorded (January 2010–November 2011) by Epilepsy Community members, with an epilepsy diagnosis and who reported > 1 seizure, included the following: sociodemographic and disease characteristics, treatments, symptoms, side effects perceived as medication-related, seizure occurrence, and standardized questionnaires (Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory [QOLIE-31/P], EuroQoL 5-Dimensions Scale, 3 Levels [EQ-5D-3L], and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale [HADS]). Univariate and multivariate logistic regressions were conducted to identify predictors of poor HRQoL. Results During the study period, the Epilepsy Community comprised 3073 patients, of whom 71.5% were female, had a mean age of 37.8 years, and had a mean epilepsy duration of 17.7 years. The most frequently reported moderate/severe symptoms (n = 2135) included memory problems (60.2%), problems concentrating (53.8%), and fatigue (50.0%). Medication-related side effects (n = 639) included somnolence (23.2%), fatigue (17.2%), and memory impairment (13.8%). The QOLIE-31/P scores (n = 1121) were significantly worse in patients who experienced a recent seizure. For QOLIE-31/P, highly predictive factors for poor HRQoL included the following: mild/moderate problems concentrating, depression, memory problems, treatment side effects, occurrence of tonic–clonic seizures, and epilepsy duration ≤ 1 year. For EQ-5D-3L, highly predictive factors for poor HRQoL included the following: pain, depression, and comorbidities. Patients on newer AEDs were less likely to report poor HRQoL (QOLIE-31/P). Significance These findings move further towards supporting the feasibility and usefulness of collecting real-world, anonymized data recorded by patients online. The data provide insights into factors impacting HRQoL, suggesting that a holistic treatment approach beyond seizure control should be considered in epilepsy. ER  - 
Evaluation of magnetic resonance imaging abnormalities in juvenile onset neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ The aim of this study was to describe the abnormalities identified with conventional MRI in children with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE). This was single-centre (Great Ormond Street Hospital, London) retrospective case series of patients with juvenile NPSLE seen in 2003–2013. Brain MR images of the first episode of active NPSLE were reviewed. All patients fulfilled the 1999 ACR case definitions for NPSLE syndromes. Presenting neuropsychiatric manifestations, immunological findings and treatment are reported. Results are expressed as median and ranges or percentages. Fisher’s exact test was used to identify clinical predictors of abnormal MRI. A total of 27 patients (22 females), median age 11 years (4–15), were identified. Presenting clinical symptoms included the following: headaches (85.1 %), mood disorder/depression (62.9 %), seizures (22.2 %), acute psychosis (18.5 %), cognitive dysfunction (14.8 %), movement disorder (14.8 %), acute confusional state (14.8 %), aseptic meningitis (7.4 %), demyelinating syndrome (3.7 %), myelopathy (3.7 %), dysautonomia (3.7 %) and cranial neuropathy (3.7 %). The principal MR findings were as follows: (1) absence of MRI abnormalities despite signs and symptoms of active NPSLE (59 %); (2) basilar artery territory infarction (3 %); (3) focal white matter hyperintensities on T2-weighted imaging (33 %); (4) cortical grey matter lesions (3 %); and (5) brain atrophy (18.5 %). The presence of an anxiety disorder strongly associated with abnormal MRI findings (p = 0.008). In over half the children with NPSLE, no conventional MRI abnormalities were observed; white matter hyperintensities were the most commonly described abnormalities. Improved MR techniques coupled with other alternative diagnostic imaging modalities may improve the detection rate of brain involvement in juvenile NPSLE. ER  - 
A multicenter evaluation of a brief manualized psychoeducation intervention for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures delivered by health professionals with limited experience in psychological treatment$$$ Rationale The aim of this study was to add to our understanding of the impact of psychoeducation on patients' acceptance of the diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs), the frequency of their seizures, and their quality of life. The study also aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of brief manualized psychoeducation interventions for PNESs, delivered by a more diverse range of clinicians and in a wider range of treatment settings. Method The final sample consisted of 25 patients diagnosed with PNESs by a neurologist specializing in the treatment of seizure disorder and referred to the psychotherapy service. The study included patients from four centers, using a manualized psychoeducation intervention delivered over 4 sessions by specialist epilepsy nurses and assistant psychologists. All patients completed self-measure questionnaires for Seizure Frequency, Impaired Functioning (WSAS), Psychological Distress (CORE-OM), Illness Perception (BIPQ), Health-Related Quality of Life: general (ED-QOL) and epilepsy-specific (NewQOL-6D), Symptom Attribution, and patient's perception of usefulness and relevance of the intervention. All measures were collected at baseline and after the completion of the fourth session. Results All measures improved from baseline to postintervention, but this improvement was only significant for CORE-OM (p < .05) and BIPQ (p < .01). Out of the 25 patients who completed the intervention information, 6 out of 25 (24%) had been seizure-free for the past month, and an additional 6 out of 25 (24%) had achieved seizure frequency reduction. Consequently, upon completion of the intervention, 12 out of 25 patients (48%) were either seizure-free or experienced fewer seizures compared with the start of the intervention. Conclusion The evidence suggests that brief manualized psychoeducation intervention can reduce PNES frequency, improve the psychological distress, and have an effect on patients' illness perceptions that should help them engage with a more extended psychotherapy program if that was necessary. The intervention was carried out successfully by staff with relatively little training in delivering psychological interventions. Further controlled studies are required to provide proof of efficacy. ER  - 
Sleep quality and daytime sleepiness in patients treated with adjunctive perampanel for focal seizures$$$ Purpose The purpose of this study was to evaluate subjective sleep quality and daytime sleepiness in patients receiving adjunctive perampanel for focal seizures. Methods We conducted a multicenter, prospective, interventional, open-label study in patients aged > 16 with focal seizures who received adjunctive perampanel (flexible dosing: 2–12 mg). Sleep quality was assessed with the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) and daytime sleepiness with the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) at baseline and 3 and 6 months after initiating perampanel. Patients with modifications in their baseline AEDs or sleep medications were excluded. Results In 72 patients with drug-resistant focal seizures, mean baseline PSQI score (± standard deviation) was 7.26 (± 4.6), and ESS was 6.19 (± 4.2). At 3 months (median perampanel dose: 4 mg), there was no significant mean change from baseline in ESS score (n = 61) and a significant improvement in PSQI (− 1.51 points; n = 44; p = 0.007), driven mainly by improved sleep efficiency (p = 0.012). In the 31 patients with 6-month data, ESS (but not PSQI) improved significantly at 6 months vs baseline (p = 0.029). The only factor significantly correlated with sleep parameters was number of baseline AEDs (higher number correlated with worse daytime sleepiness). Seizure frequency was reduced significantly from baseline at 3 and 6 months. In bivariate analysis, neither PSQI nor ESS was associated with seizure frequency, suggesting that the changes in daytime sleepiness and sleep quality may be independent of the direct effect on seizures. Conclusion Adjunctive perampanel did not worsen sleep quality or daytime sleepiness at 3 months and reduced daytime sleepiness in patients continuing perampanel for 6 months. Perampanel may be a suitable AED in patients with sleep disorders, in addition to refractory focal seizures. ER  - 
Added diagnostic value of magnetoencephalography (MEG) in patients suspected for epilepsy, where previous, extensive EEG workup was unrevealing$$$ Objective To elucidate the possible additional diagnostic yield of MEG in the workup of patients with suspected epilepsy, where repeated EEGs, including sleep-recordings failed to identify abnormalities. Methods Fifty-two consecutive patients with clinical suspicion of epilepsy and at least three normal EEGs, including sleep-EEG, were prospectively analyzed. The reference standard was inferred from the diagnosis obtained from the medical charts, after at least one-year follow-up. MEG (306-channel, whole-head) and simultaneous EEG (MEG–EEG) was recorded for one hour. The added sensitivity of MEG was calculated from the cases where abnormalities were seen in MEG but not EEG. Results Twenty-two patients had the diagnosis epilepsy according to the reference standard. MEG–EEG detected abnormalities, and supported the diagnosis in nine of the 22 patients with the diagnosis epilepsy at one-year follow-up. Sensitivity of MEG–EEG was 41%. The added sensitivity of MEG was 18%. MEG–EEG was normal in 28 of the 30 patients categorized as ‘not epilepsy’ at one year follow-up, yielding a specificity of 93%. Conclusions MEG provides additional diagnostic information in patients suspected for epilepsy, where repeated EEG recordings fail to demonstrate abnormality. Significance MEG should be included in the diagnostic workup of patients where the conventional, widely available methods are unrevealing. ER  - 
Thirteen years of oxcarbazepine exposures reported to US poison centers: 2000 to 2012$$$ Objectives: Oxcarbazepine (OXC) is a 10-keto analogue of carbamazepine used in patients with partial and secondary generalized seizures. We evaluated ingestions of OXC reported to US poison centers for adverse effects from supratherapeutic doses and/or overdose. Method: Retrospective analysis of data reported to National Poison Data System from single-substance OXC ingestions between January 2000 and December 2012. Results: There were 18,867cases with a mean of 1451 exposures/year. The patients were predominantly adults with 5464 exposures in children <6 years (29%). The most commonly reported clinical effects were drowsiness (n = 4703, 25%), vomiting (n = 1559, 8%), tachycardia (n = 590, 3%), agitated (n = 342, 1.8%), hypotension (n = 178, 0.9%), electrolyte disturbance (n = 153, 0.8%), coma (n = 156, 0.8%), and seizures (n = 121, 0.6%). There were 176 patients with a major effect of which 31 involved were children and 1728 (9%) patients with moderate effects of which 300 involved were children. Five deaths were reported in adults. Intentional exposure (e.g. suicide) was the reason for exposure in 68% of patients with major effects and in all fatalities. Fifty-three percent of adults and 38% of children were managed in a health-care facility (HCF). HCF utilization levels remained consistent. Discussion: Severe outcomes appear to be infrequent (<1%). Unlike other anticonvulsants OXC does not appear to be proconvulsant in overdose. Conclusion: Serious outcomes for OXC overdoses are unlikely in the pediatric patient. With only mild symptoms likely, observation at home may be appropriate for the majority of cases. In the adult population there appears to be few neurologic and cardiovascular complications even in the intentional exposure. ER  - 
Self-esteem in adolescents with epilepsy: Psychosocial and seizure-related correlates$$$ Purpose This study evaluated self-esteem in adolescents with epilepsy and its association with psychosocial and disease-related variables. Methods This was a cross-sectional study with patients enrolled between January and June 2010. Culture-Free Self-Esteem Inventory for Children (CFSEI-2) was administered to 140 children with epilepsy and 50 children with asthma, aged 10–18 years attending mainstream schools. Results Adolescents with epilepsy had a significantly lower overall self-esteem score when compared with those with asthma, 17 ± 5.21 versus 19.4 ± 3.83, respectively (P = 0.005). Thirty-one (22.1%) children with epilepsy compared with 4 (8.3%) with asthma had overall self-esteem score below the cutoff (P = 0.034). There was a significant correlation between overall self-esteem score and duration of epilepsy, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) anxiety score, HADS depression score, and Strengths and Weaknesses of ADHD symptoms and Normal-Behaviors (SWAN) rating combined score. The impact of various correlates on individual domains was not identical. Independent factors associated with low overall self-esteem were HADS depression score (OR: 1.62; 95% CI: 1.2, 2.2; P = 0.002), duration of epilepsy (OR: 1.4; 95% CI: 1.04, 1.88; P = 0.024), and father employment status economically inactive (OR: 11.9; 95% CI: 1.07, 125; P = 0.044). Seizure-free ≥ 12 months was a favorable factor that was less likely to be associated with low self-esteem (OR: 0.14; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.81; P = 0.028). Conclusion Self-esteem was compromised in adolescents with epilepsy. A significant correlation between self-esteem and psychological comorbidities was demonstrated. Enhancing social support and education programs may improve the self-esteem and, ultimately, the lives of adolescents living with epilepsy. ER  - 
Higher prevalence of existing comorbidities and medication use in untreated patients with chronic hepatitis C (CHC) compared to treated patients: A population-based study in post-Oral Direct-Acting Antivirals (DAAs) Era$$$ Background: Over 75% of patients living with CHC in the US were born between 1945 and 1965. As this population ages, the increasing rates of medical comorbidities will make CHC management more challenging. In addition related medications and drug-drug interactions may complicate the use of cytochrome P-450 metabolized DAAs. Objective: To measure the prevalence of comorbidities and medications that may be barriers towards initiating DAAs in a large U.S. cohort with CHC. Methods: We identified from Optum Insight's insurance claims database CHC patients by ICD-9 code from 1/1/2011 to 9/30/2015. Our treatment group consisted of patients receiving DAA prescriptions after 11/1/2013. Any patients treated prior to 11/1/2013 were excluded from the study. Medical comorbidities were defined by ICD-9 codes. Results: In total, 12,622 insured CHC patients were included: 6,325 treated and 6,297 untreated patients. The majority were male (61%) and had Medicare part-D (66.8%). By medical comorbidities (Figure), untreated patients were more likely to have end stage renal disease (4% vs. 1.4% treated, OR = 2.9, p <0.001), congestive heart failure (11.4% vs. 4.4% treated, OR = 2.8, p < 0.001), and seizure disorder (5.6% vs 3% treated, OR = 1.9, p < 0.001). Untreated patients were also more likely to have active or prior episodes of psychosis (9.4% vs. 5% treated, OR = 2, p < 0.001) and were more likely to be prescribed a medication with potentially severe drug-drug interaction to DAAs (24.7% vs. 21.5% treated, p < 0.001) including anticonvulsants (1.7% untreated vs. 0.9% treated, p < 0.001). Conclusion: In a largely Medicare U.S. cohort of CHC patients, the prevalence of certain major comorbidities and concomitant medications was higher in untreated CHC patients compared to treated patients. The presence of major comorbidities and/ or concomitant medications with major drug-drug interactions with anti-HCV medications may be a barrier to anti-HCV therapy, and treatment prior to development of such comorbidities and related medications may help improve the overall treatment rate for CHC. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Retinal structure and function in vigabatrin-treated adult patients with refractory complex partial seizures$$$ Objective: Evaluate visual-field and retinal-structure changes following adjunctive vigabatrin treatment in vigabatrin-naive adults with refractory complex partial seizures (rCPS). Methods: Prospective, longitudinal, single-arm, open-label study (NCT01278173). Eligible patients (≥2 seizures/month who failed ≥3 therapies) who could reliably perform perimetry (Humphrey automated static) and retinal-structure assessment (spectral-domain optical coherence tomography) prior to vigabatrin exposure. Following vigabatrin initiation, testing occurred within 1 month (reference) and 3, 6, 9, and 12 months. End points included mean change from reference in mean deviation (dB) and average retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL) thickness, visual-acuity changes from baseline, and number of patients who met predefined vision-parameter changes at two (confirmed) or three (persistent) consecutive visits. Results: Sixty-five of 91 screened patients received ≥1 vigabatrin dose (all-patients-treated set [APTS]); 55 had valid reference and ≥1 post–reference assessments (full-analysis set [FAS]). Thirty-six APTS patients with valid pre–/post–reference values completed all planned visits (per-protocol set [PPS]). Thirty-eight (59%) APTS patients completed the study; 27 (42%) withdrew (none for visual-field changes); 32% and 15% had abnormally thin RNFL and abnormal visual acuity at baseline, respectively; 20% had abnormal central 30 degree visual fields in the reference period. No significant mean near visual-field changes were observed (PPS); mean change in average RNFL thickness increased significantly (1-year data: Left-eye: 6.37 μm, confidence interval (CI) 4.66–8.09; right-eye: 7.24 μm CI 5.47–9.01; PPS). No confirmed three-line decreases in visual acuity (FAS) were observed; five patients had predefined confirmed/persistent visual-field changes (FAS). All vision-related adverse events were nonserious; the most common was vision blurred (9%). Significance: Prior to vigabatrin initiation, rCPS patients may already exhibit vision deficits. Up to 1 year of adjunctive vigabatrin treatment did not significantly change population near visual fields. Five patients met predefined visual-field-change criteria. RNFL thickening of unknown clinical significance was observed. Limitations include single-arm, open-label design; patients’ inability to perform ophthalmic/visual-field examinations; and limited vigabatrin-exposure duration. ER  - 
Post–epilepsy surgery psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objectives: We investigated the prevalence of post–epilepsy surgery psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy and the possible influence of risk factors on these seizures. Methods: In this retrospective study, we examined data from all patients with a clinical diagnosis of drug-resistant epilepsy who underwent epilepsy surgery at Graduate Hospital and the Jefferson Comprehensive Epilepsy Center between 1986 and 2016. Postsurgical outcome was identified for up to 15 years after surgery. Diagnosis of PNES was verified in the epilepsy monitoring unit with video–electroencephalography (EEG) ictal recording. Potential associated factors were assessed by comparing patients with or without postoperative PNES. Results: A total of 1,105 patients were studied; 697 patients had postoperative seizures, and, of these, 27 patients (3.9%) had documented PNES after surgery. A full-scale intelligence quotient (IQ) <80 was significantly associated with post-epilepsy surgery PNES (odds ratio [OR] 2.89, p = 0.007, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.33–6.29). A history of a preoperative psychiatric diagnosis was also significantly associated with post–epilepsy surgery PNES (OR 4.67, p = 0.0001, 95% CI 2.01–10.82). Other factors were not significantly associated with post–epilepsy surgery PNES. Significance: Post–epilepsy surgery PNES should be considered when patients report recurrent seizures after epilepsy surgery. Although these seizures probably occur relatively infrequently, attention to factors such as appearance of new ictal behaviors, a preoperative history of a psychiatric disorder, and a low full-scale IQ should raise suspicion and lead to appropriate diagnostic measures. ER  - 
No Change in Interictal PACAP Levels in Peripheral Blood in Women With Chronic Migraine$$$ Objective: To determine total pituitary adenylate cyclase activating polypeptide (PACAP) in peripheral blood as a potential marker of the activation of the parasympathetic arm of the trigemino-vascular system in chronic migraine (CM) in a case-control study. Methods: Women older than 17 and diagnosed as CM were recruited. Healthy women with no headache history and women with episodic migraine (EM) served as control groups. Total PACAP and vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP) levels were determined in blood samples obtained from the right antecubital vein by ELISA outside a migraine attack and having taken no symptomatic medication the day before. Results: We assessed serum samples from 86 women with CM, 32 healthy women, and 35 women with EM. There were no differences in PACAP levels in CM patients (109.8 ± 43.8, 97.4 [32.5–253.1] pg/mL), controls (108.7 ± 43.0, 98.7 [50.7–197.3] pg/mL), or EM patients (98.8 ± 34.3, 94.2 [52.0–190.7] pg/mL). VIP levels were significantly increased (P =.027) in CM as compared to control healthy women (136.0 ± 111.5 pg/mL; 103.1 [20.5–534.0] pg/mL vs 88.6 ± 61.0 pg/mL; 66.0 [21.1–256.1]) and EM patients (103.0 ± 56.7 pg/mL; 103.5 [15.2–263.0] pg/mL). In the range of this study variables such as age, CM duration, the presence of aura, analgesic overuse, depression, fibromyalgia, vascular risk factors, history of triptan consumption or kind of preventative treatment did not significantly influence PACAP or VIP levels. Conclusion: In contrast to VIP, interictal PACAP level measured in peripheral blood does not seem to be a biomarker reflecting parasympathetic activation in CM. ER  - 
Evidence for effectiveness of immunotherapy in psychosis$$$ Advances in pharmacotherapy for psychosis are desperately needed. One potential area for advance is in the repurposing of immune modifying treatments for use in psychosis. For this talk I will review the current evidence base for immunotherapy in treating psychosis. This includes historical studies on the use of steroids to treat schizophrenia, and more recent studies on the use of anti-inflammatory drugs such as Celecoxib (a selective COX-2 inhibitor), which has been reported to improve cognitive function in early stages of schizophrenia, and Minocycline, a centrally acting tetracyclic anti-inflammatory agent which has been reported to improve negative symptoms and cognitive function in schizophrenia. A constant challenge to psychosis research is the heterogeneity of the patient group. Ant-inflammatory drugs will only be effective in those with an inflammatory component to their illness and to date it has been difficult to identify this subgroup of patients. One potential advance has been the description of antineuronal cell surface antibodies in a proportion of people with first episode psychosis. In other presentations with these antibodies, for instance with encephalitis or seizures, patients respond to treatment with immunotherapy, rather than symptomatic treatments. I will report our clinical experience to date of using steroids, intravenous immunoglobulins, plasma exchange and rituximab in the treatment of those with psychosis and antibodies against the NMDA receptor. Of 18 patients treated so far all have improved, and most have achieved remission. However the relevance of antibodies in psychosis, particularly at low levels, remains controversial, and I will discuss the protocol for a double blind placebo controlled RCT of immunotherapy in patients with psychosis and antibodies that is needed to move the field forwards and confirm whether this should be a new approach for treatment in psychosis. ER  - 
The maintenance of modified electroconvulsive therapy combined with risperidone is better than risperidone alone in preventing relapse of schizophrenia and improving cognitive function$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effect of maintenance modified electroconvulsive therapy (MECT) on schizophrenic patients. Methods: From June 2012 to June 2014, 62 patients with schizophrenia, who had recovered from a successful course of acute MECT, were recruited. Thirty-one patients received maintenance MECT and risperidone, as the experimental group. Another 31 patients were enrolled in the control group, and received risperidone only. The effects on cognitive functions, clinical symptoms and relapse rate were determined. Results: Patients in the experimental group had a lower relapse rate and longer relapse-free survival time than the controls. Relative to the baseline evaluation, patients showed statistically significant improvement in verbal memory and visual memory. At the final assessment, the scores of verbal and visual memory were remarkably lower in the experimental group than the controls but there was no significant difference in other tests. Conclusion: Maintenance MECT plus medication is superior to medication alone in preventing relapse and improving cognitive function. ER  - 
All-cause hospital admissions decreased after fecal microbiota transplantation for recurrent clostridium difficile infection$$$ Introduction: Clostridium difficileinfection (CDI) is currently the most frequent health-care acquired infection. It is associated with debilitating diarrhea, sepsis, shock, renal failure, and intestinal perforation and has an initial recurrence rate of 20% rising to 65% with subsequent recurrences. Costs in the US are estimated at 4.8 billion annually. Fecal Microbiota Transplantation (FMT) is used to correct the dysbiosis associated with recurrent CDI (rCDI) and prevent future recurrence. We hypothesized a decrease in hospital admissions after successful FMT for rCDI. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted of all recipients of FMT for rCDI at our institution from September 2013 to April 2016 to compare the frequency of CDI-associated hospital admissions in the six months before FMT to frequency six months after FMT. A similar comparison was done for all-cause admissions except CDI. One patient was excluded from analysis due to incomplete preparation for FMT. Results: 105 patients with rCDI underwent FMT with a median age of 69 and 74.7% were female. There were 130 hospitalizations for CDI documented in the six months prior to FMT. In the six months post FMT there were 11 admissions for CDI (mean 1.25 compared to 0.10). The cohort was admitted an additional 34 times in the six months prior to FMT for causes other than CDI which included diabetic ketoacidosis, sepsis, hypokalemia, dementia, hypertension, fall with subdural hematoma, altered mental status, alcohol withdrawal, and alcoholic ketoacidosis. In the six months after FMT there 27 admissions for causes other than CDI including feeding tube malfunction, sepsis, pneumonia, diabetes, altered mental status, urosepsis, urinary tract infection, dehydration, fall, subdural hematoma, epilepsy, lactic acidosis, cocaine abuse, and gastroparesis. The mean hospitalization rate decreased from 0.33 to 0.26. Conclusion: This retrospective study suggests that the number of hospital admissions for CDI may be dramatically reduced by FMT for rCDI in the six months post FMT. Our results also revealed a decreased number of admissions post FMT for other comorbidities, thus suggesting that FMT improves the overall health the overall health of patients with rCDI. Our results call for a multicenter study of 30-day and 6-month hospital admission rates pre- and post-FMT for rCDI as there may be a role for early intervention with FMT to decrease the deleterious effect of rCDI on all-cause illnesses. ER  - 
Deficit attention hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with epilepsy and their siblings$$$ Objective: Epilepsy is a high prevalent neurologic disease in our country (10.6 per 1000 habitants) but the real frequency of ADHD in those patients and its siblings is controversial. The purpose of this study was to stablish the prevalence and risk factors of ADHD in epileptic children and their siblings in Colombia. Methods: Observational analytic study with 156 children with epilepsy and 51 siblings aged 6 - 18 years selected from different epilepsy clinics. We used the checklist of the DSM IV for ADHD and the Behavioral Assessment System for Children (BASC) applied to parents and teachers. Results: ADHD prevalence was 35.9% in children with epilepsy and 13.7% in their siblings. Combined sub-type was the most common in both groups (44.6% and 42.8% respectively). There was a non-significant trend in patients with partial epilepsy (n=30) to have a higher prevalence of ADHD when compared to those with generalized epilepsy (n=26). There was no association when age was analysed but younger patients had a greater risk to present ADHD (OR=2,037 IC 95%51.943 - 3.978 p=0.035). 82.1% of children was taking antiepileptic drugs and only 24.4% were seizure free; nevertheless, there was no association between treatment of persistence of seizures and the presence of ADHD. Conclusions: Epileptic patients and their siblings have a higher prevalence of ADHD than general population. We did not have a representative sample to find out what risk factors will explain this association. ER  - 
EMU: A year in review$$$ Objective: Epilepsy is one of the most common neurological conditions affecting the paediatric population. Prolonged inpatient video EEG (vEEG) monitoring (epilepsy monitoring unit [EMU]) is a known and widely used modality in the diagnostic and pre-surgical evaluation of children with seizures. The purpose of this project was to evaluate the outcome of patients referred to a Regional Epilepsy Surgery Centre of Excellence, in Ontario, Canada where our resources are limited to a 5 day admission stay. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the data from a consecutive cohort of pediatric patients admitted to the EMU of our center (Sickkids Hospital) over a 1 year period from Jan 1 - Dec 31 2015. Patients were excluded if their admission was intended for<24 hrs or if intended for invasive vEEG monitoring. Preadmission diagnosis, reason for referral and outcomes were reviewed and compared to management at the time of discharge. Results: In total, 208 patients were admitted to the EMU for prolonged VEEG monitoring in 2015. 115 (55%) of patients were male. 88 (41.83%) patients were referred by either community neurologists, other tertiary or international centers. 99 (47.5%) were referred to characterize paroxysmal events or seizures, 84 (40.3%) for presurgical evaluation and 7 (3.36%) for suspected continuous spike and wave in sleep (CSWS) and high dose diazepam therapy. At discharge from EMU, 82 (39%) were identified as surgical candidates. The diagnosis and management were altered after EMU in 72 (35%) patients. Conclusions: The results of this study demonstrate a high yield of change in diagnosis and management, at time of discharge. Further, a large percentage of patients were referred for surgical candidacy. ER  - 
Comparison of MAPIE versus MAP in patients with a poor response to preoperative chemotherapy for newly diagnosed high-grade osteosarcoma (EURAMOS-1): an open-label, international, randomised controlled trial$$$ Background We designed the EURAMOS-1 trial to investigate whether intensified postoperative chemotherapy for patients whose tumour showed a poor response to preoperative chemotherapy (≥10% viable tumour) improved event-free survival in patients with high-grade osteosarcoma. Methods EURAMOS-1 was an open-label, international, phase 3 randomised, controlled trial. Consenting patients with newly diagnosed, resectable, high-grade osteosarcoma aged 40 years or younger were eligible for randomisation. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive either postoperative cisplatin, doxorubicin, and methotrexate (MAP) or MAP plus ifosfamide and etoposide (MAPIE) using concealed permuted blocks with three stratification factors: trial group; location of tumour (proximal femur or proximal humerus vs other limb vs axial skeleton); and presence of metastases (no vs yes or possible). The MAP regimen consisted of cisplatin 120 mg/m2, doxorubicin 37·5 mg/m2 per day on days 1 and 2 (on weeks 1 and 6) followed 3 weeks later by high-dose methotrexate 12 g/m2 over 4 h. The MAPIE regimen consisted of MAP as a base regimen, with the addition of high-dose ifosfamide (14 g/m2) at 2·8 g/m2 per day with equidose mesna uroprotection, followed by etoposide 100 mg/m2 per day over 1 h on days 1–5. The primary outcome measure was event-free survival measured in the intention-to-treat population. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00134030. Findings Between April 14, 2005, and June 30, 2011, 2260 patients were registered from 325 sites in 17 countries. 618 patients with poor response were randomly assigned; 310 to receive MAP and 308 to receive MAPIE. Median follow-up was 62·1 months (IQR 46·6–76·6); 62·3 months (IQR 46·9–77·1) for the MAP group and 61·1 months (IQR 46·5–75·3) for the MAPIE group. 307 event-free survival events were reported (153 in the MAP group vs 154 in the MAPIE group). 193 deaths were reported (101 in the MAP group vs 92 in the MAPIE group). Event-free survival did not differ between treatment groups (hazard ratio [HR] 0·98 [95% CI 0·78–1·23]); hazards were non-proportional (p=0·0003). The most common grade 3–4 adverse events were neutropenia (268 [89%] patients in MAP vs 268 [90%] in MAPIE), thrombocytopenia (231 [78% in MAP vs 248 [83%] in MAPIE), and febrile neutropenia without documented infection (149 [50%] in MAP vs 217 [73%] in MAPIE). MAPIE was associated with more frequent grade 4 non-haematological toxicity than MAP (35 [12%] of 301 in the MAP group vs 71 [24%] of 298 in the MAPIE group). Two patients died during postoperative therapy, one from infection (although their absolute neutrophil count was normal), which was definitely related to their MAP treatment (specifically doxorubicin and cisplatin), and one from left ventricular systolic dysfunction, which was probably related to MAPIE treatment (specifically doxorubicin). One suspected unexpected serious adverse reaction was reported in the MAP group: bone marrow infarction due to methotrexate. Interpretation EURAMOS-1 results do not support the addition of ifosfamide and etoposide to postoperative chemotherapy in patients with poorly responding osteosarcoma because its administration was associated with increased toxicity without improving event-free survival. The results define standard of care for this population. New strategies are required to improve outcomes in this setting. Funding UK Medical Research Council, National Cancer Institute, European Science Foundation, St Anna Kinderkrebsforschung, Fonds National de la Recherche Scientifique, Fonds voor Wetenschappelijk Onderzoek-Vlaanderen, Parents Organization, Danish Medical Research Council, Academy of Finland, Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, Deutsche Krebshilfe, Federal Ministry of Education and Research, Semmelweis Foundation, ZonMw (Council for Medical Research), Research Council of Norway, Scandinavian Sarcoma Group, Swiss Paediatric Oncology Group, Cancer Research UK, National Institute for Health Research, University College London Hospitals, and Biomedical Research Centre. ER  - 
Observing changes in cognition, mood, and white matter in chronic TBI using multiple factor analysis after cognitive intervention$$$ Research Objectives: To observe variance in cognitive rehabilitation between measures of cognitive performance, white matter structure, and mood symptoms in a mild-to-moderate TBI (mTBI) sample using multiple factor analysis (MFA), a multivariate statistical technique. Design: Randomized single-blinded controlled trial on individuals with mTBI. Participants completed either an experimental cognitive training program or in an active control program. Cognitive and neuroimaging protocols were completed pre-intervention, post-intervention, and at a 3- month follow-up. Setting: Center for Brain Health A® at the University of Texas at Dallas; University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center Advanced Imaging Research Center. Participants: Thirty-tree Individuals with mTBI between the ages of 19 and 65 with no other uncontrolled psychiatric, substance, or seizure disorders. Interventions: Strategic Memory Advanced Reasoning Training (SMART)- provides strategies to address deficits in executive functioning common in TBI. Brain Health Workshop (BHW)- active control program that provides information regarding the affects of internal and external factors on the brain. Both programs consisted of 12 sessions over 8 weeks in group settings led by a trainer. Main Outcome Measure(s): DKEFS assessment battery raw scores; WAISIII digit span raw scores; Beck Depression Inventory; PTSD Checklist; Fractional Anisotropy values from white matter regions of interest Results: MFA provides graphical representations of the variance structure between the 3 variable types over the three assessment time points. Results indicate improvements in the SMART group in cognition, and mood, along with positive changes in FA. Cognition and FA also account for the most amount of variance. Conclusions: MFA reveals participants in the SMART program experienced cognitive improvement compared to BHW with additional positive change in mood and FA scores. Additional research may indicate stronger relationships between cognitive improvements and white matter structure. ER  - 
When it rains, does it always pour? Patterns of comorbidities among older polish adults living in the community-the PolSenior study$$$ Objectives: Effective treatment of patients with multimorbidity is still a challenge of current geriatric medicine. The aim of this study was to examine the patterns of comorbid conditions in a representative group of elderly people in Poland. Methods: The presented study is a part of the PolSenior Study, a nationwide, cross-sectional study of community-dwelling older adults living in Poland. Based on medical questionnaires (including information on the prevalence of 16 chronic diseases), we gathered complete data for 3,964 participants aged 65 and older. The patterns of multimorbity were identified with principal factor analysis models, with Varimax rotation, based on polychoric corretation matrix. Results: Five multimorbidity patterns were identified in all examined subjects, with the models of decreasing coefficient of determination (R2) values, respectively: cardiological [coronary-artery disease (CAD), heart failure (HF), arrhythmias], cardio-metabolic (hypertension, diabetes t2 and impaired fasting glycaemia, obesity), renal (chronic kidney disease, anaemia), mental [depression, cognitive impairment (CI), epilepsy and Parkinson Disease], and other (depression, thyroid diseases, osteoporosis). In those aged 65-79 the following multimorbidity patterns were observed: cardiological, mental-cerebrovascular (depression, CI, cerebrovascular diseases, epilepsy and Parkinson Disease), cardio-metabolic, renal, and endocrino-metabolic (thyroid diseases, osteoporosis). On the other hand, in those aged 80 plus the following patterns were found: cardio-respiratory (CAD, HF, arrhythmias, respiratory diseases), metabolic, renal, mental (CI only), and mental-neoplasm (depression and neoplasm). Conclusion: Prevalence and importance of the particular multimorbidity patterns differ and depend on age that should imply further research on implementation of the individual, patient centered secondary and tertiary prevention and treatment strategies. ER  - 
Neurodevelopment and KATP channels: Evolution and new pharmacologic approach$$$ ATP-sensitive potassium (KATP) channels are cell metabolic sensors that couple cell metabolic status to electric activity, thus regulating many cellular functions. Structurally, KATP channels are four identical inwardly rectifying potassium channel subunits (Kirx) forming the pore, associated to four identical high-affinity sulphonylurea receptor subunits (SURx). In the brain, as in the pancreatic β-cells, the Kir6.2/SUR1 channel is the dominant KATP isoform. In pancreatic β-cells, KATP channels modulate insulin secretion in response to fluctuations in plasma glucose level, thus regulating glucose homeostasis. In the brain, their functions and the pathways they control are partly understood. Neonatal diabetes mellitus (NDM) is due to gain-of-function mutations in KATP channel subunits and is associated with neurodevelopmental disorders ranging from developmental delay and epilepsy (DEND) or intermediate DEND syndrome to developmental coordination disorder associated or not with hypotonia or attention deficit. Sulfonylurea treatment acts through closure of the KATP channels, which enables insulin secretion from the β-cell and modest but measureable improvements in neurodevelopmental outcomes. However, sulfonylurea drugs have limited ability to cross the blood-brain barrier in animal models. Early treatment with sulfonylureas improves visuomotor performance in patients with permanent NDM. Rapid identification of mutations and switching to sulfonylurea treatment at a younger age might provide further benefit with regard to neurodevelopmental outcomes. Our group developed a suspension of glibenclamide that is more suitable for use in pediatric patients as its dosage can be adjusted to patients needs with great precision. Pharmacokinetic studies reported it to be better absorbed than glibenclamide tablets and metabolic studies reported same efficiency as tablets in infants and young children affected with NDM. ER  - 
Baclofen overdose: Lipid emulsion$$$ a lipophilic antidote; INTRODUCTION: Baclofen, a lipophilic GABA agonist, is commonly used in spastic movement disorders like multiple sclerosis(MS). Its use as a muscle relaxant provides symptomatic relief to patients. Adverse effects include hallucinations, hypotension, hypothermia, bradycardia, seizures, coma and death. We present a case of a pt w/ MS who overdosed on baclofen. An unusual therapy historically used in veterinary medicine, intravenous lipid emulsion, was administered after her presentation with favorable results. CASE PRESENTATION: A 76 y/o AAF w/ HTN, schizophrenia and MS presented to the ED after a failed suicide attempt. The pt was convinced she heard multiple gunshots and voices repeatedly telling her that her husband had killed himself. In response, she ingested nearly 40 tabs of baclofen. Her husband found her approx 12 hrs later and called EMS. She arrived unresponsive, bradycardic and hypotensive; she was subsequently intubated. EKG showed sinus bradycardia. Atropine was given with no response and the pt was then started on an epinephrine drip. With the decreased response to atropine and epinephrine, it was decided to give the pt a 20% lipid emulsion. Within two hours, the heart rate improved and epinephrine was weaned off, though mental status remained unchanged. CT head was negative. EEG demonstrated subclinical seizures and the pt was started on antiepileptic therapy. On day three, pt began to open her eyes spontaneously, respond to pain and track objects. By day five, she began to follow commands and show marked improvement in neurological function. She was subsequently extubated and discharged to a rehab facility with baseline neurological status. DISCUSSION: The pharmacokinetics of baclofen estimates the half-life in overdose can approach 34 hours, possibly explaining the delay in return to baseline mental status. Having failed standard resuscitation protocols, including the use of atropine and epinephrine, a lipid infusion is a reasonable effort in acute management of lipophilic drug overdoses. A significant improvement was seen in heart rate and blood pressure, however due to prolonged time from ingestion to presentation, it is unknown if the lipid infusion would have been more beneficial if she presented earlier. CONCLUSIONS: In the setting of known toxicity to baclofen, limited data is available regarding treatment. There are animal studies and few human based case reports that have demonstrated an improvement in clinical signs with the use of lipid infusion in the setting of a lipophilic drug toxicity with cardiovascular collapse. More research is warranted for the use of lipid infusion for the treatment of baclofen overdose. ER  - 
Depression in patients with epilepsy in Northwestern Nigeria: Prevalence and clinical correlates$$$ Background: The impact of seizure disorder on people living with epilepsy (PWE) is worsened by the occurrence of comorbid psychiatric disorders, such as depression, which have been found commonly in PWE. Despite the dire consequences comorbid depression has on PWE, it still remains underdiagnosed and undertreated. Objective: To determine the prevalence of depression and associated clinical factors in PWE in Northwestern Nigeria. Materials and Methods: A total of 255 consecutive patients with epilepsy aged 18 years and above, from two health facilities, were recruited in this cross-sectional study. Following completion of a structured proforma detailing sociodemographic and seizure characteristics, Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview was administered to diagnose depression in the patients. Results: A total of 255 patients, with a mean age of 32 years (standard deviation = 1.31), comprising 147 (57.6%) males and 108 (42.4%) females were studied. Majority (79.2%) of the patients had primarily generalized seizure type. Overall, depressive disorder was present in 52 (20.4%) patients. A significant association was found between previous hospitalization for epilepsy (P = 0.009), increased frequency of seizures, (P = 0.004), and prolonged duration of epilepsy, (P = 0.006). The independent predictors of depression included duration of epilepsy (P = 0.0001), previous hospitalization for epilepsy (P = 0.011), and frequency of seizures (P = 0.028). Conclusion: Depression was common in PWE. Female gender, previous hospitalization for epilepsy, increased frequency of seizures and prolonged duration of epilepsy were associated with depression in PWE. Previous hospitalization for epilepsy, increased frequency of seizures, and prolonged duration of epilepsy were independent predictors of depression. ER  - 
Clinical profile and health related quality of life in patients with alcohol related seizures$$$ Introduction: Alcohol related seizures (ARS) are adult-onset seizures that occur in the setting of chronic alcohol dependence. The clinical profile of 124 patients with ARS and their health related quality of life (HRQOL) is reported here. Methods: In this hospital based cross sectional study, consecutive patients admitted with new onset ARS (from July 2014 to February 2016) were included. Patients with previous diagnosis of epilepsy, those with a proximate well-known provoking cause of seizure (except alcohol) and those not consenting were excluded. Details of drinking pattern were analyzed. Alcohol dependence was identified by Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) and score more than 8 was taken as positive. HRQOL was assessed using the Life Situation Survey (LSS) questionnaire, once acute withdrawal symptoms have settled. Detailed neurological examination, hematological investigations, liver and renal functions, serum electrolytes were done. A 19-channel digital electroencephalography (EEG) was done in all cases. A CT brain (MRI in focal onset seizures) was done in all patients to rule out head injury or symptomatic lesions. Results: Of the 124 study subjects, all were males. Mean age of the sample was 32.84 (±6.37) years. The average daily consumption of alcohol was 176 g (±140 g). Mean duration of alcohol intake was 17.24 (±5.24) years. 19 (15.3%) patients had a family history of seizure, of which 2 had idiopathic generalized epilepsy. Of the 9 subjects with focal seizures, neuroimaging revealed right temporal cavernoma in one and hippocampal sclerosis in 2 patients. Occurrence of multiple seizures (2 or more) correlated with higher AUDIT scores. Patients with LSS score <80 had significantly higher AUDIT score and longer duration of alcohol intake (P = 0.05). Conclusion: A protocol based evaluation of ARS is necessary, to identify etiologies other than withdrawal. MRI Brain is useful in focal onset ARS, to identify underlying symptomatic lesions (3/9; 33.3%). Patients with higher AUDIT scores are more likely to have multiple seizures and a poorer HRQOL. ER  - 
Comparison of the clinical profile of patients with anti NMDA-R and anti VGKC encephalitis in a tertiary care centre$$$ Introduction: Autoimmune encephalitis is a treatable cause of subacute onset of cognitive decline and confusion. Autoantibodies can be divided into those that target the extracellular domains of membrane molecules and those against intracellular targets. Common antibodies are Anti VGKC (LGI1 and CASPR2), NMDAR and GAD. Aim: To compare the clinical profile of patients with Anti NMDA-R and Anti VGKC encephalitis in a tertiary care centre. Methods: Study was done among 96 patients admitted under neurology department in Sri Ramachandra medical college with features of behavioural disturbances, cognitive decline and new onset seizures over 1 year. Detailed clinical evaluation, csf analysis, neuroimaging and Anti NMDA-R and Anti VGKC antibodies were done. Patients positive for Anti NMDA-R and Anti VGKC were Included. Results: Among the 96 patients, 11 patients were positive for autoimmune antibodies. 4 of them were positive for Anti VGKC LGi1 antibody, 1 for Anti VGKC - CASPR2 and 6 patients were positive for Anti NMDA-R antibodies. Patients with NMDA- R encephalitis were of younger age group (1 st and 2 nd decade) compared to VGKC encephalitis (3rd to 8th decade). Aggressive behaviour, speech disturbances and hallucinations being the most commonsymptoms in NMDA group, whereas cognitive decline (4 of 5 patients), faciobrachial dystonic seizures and hyponatremia (2 of 4 with LGi1 encephalitis) in vgkc encephalitis. 8 of them had abnormal EEG. Abnormal MRI was seen in 4 of 11 patients. In our study, patients with VGKC encephalitis showed good response with steroids and Iv immunoglobulin, whereas NMDA-R encephalitis required plasmapheresis and immunomodulators in addition to steroids and had more morbidity. Conclusions: Autoimmune encephalitis can be subdivided into diseases with different antigens and these often show slightly different responses to treatment. Given the good prognostic outcome with prompt initiation of immunotherapy, early recognition and diagnosis of this rare neuropsychiatric syndrome is crucial. ER  - 
Cerebral sino-venous occlusion in males: A retrospective analysis of clinical, radiological and treatment outcomes$$$ Introduction: Cerebral sino-venous thrombosis (CVT) has been well documented as an important cause of stroke in peripartum females in India. Data on CVT in males is sparse. Aim: To study clinical, radiological and treatment outcomes in male CVT patients. Methods: Retrospective analysis of the clinical records of male CVT patients during 2010-2015. CVT diagnosed by MRI and MRV. All patients investigated as per standardized protocol including assessment of pro-thrombotic states. Results: Demography - Case records of 66 male CVT patients (mean age: 30.84} 9.8 years) were analyzed. Presentation: Acute or sub-acute presentation (mean symptoms duration 17.07} 13.01 days) seen. Presentations include focal neurological deficits (16), subacute encephelopathy (20), isolated intracranial hypertension syndrome (20), isolated migraine type headaches (5) and isolated seizures (5). Risk associations: 50% were smokers and 26% were consuming alcohol regularly. Other risk factors included: hyperhomocysteinemia (24), HIV infection (3), anabolic steroids use (3), past history of venous thrombosis (2), tubercular meningitis (2), polycythemia (3), and prothrombotic factor(s) abnormality (4). Immediate triggers included fever, dehydration and alcoholic binge in a minority. Anatomical Involvement: All sinuses were involved in 3, superior sagittal sinus alone in 36 and transverse sinuses alone in 13 patients. Rest had in combinations. Deep CVT was present in 3 patients. Treatment: All were treated with anticoagulants (LMWH + oral warfarin) for atleast 6 months. One refractory patient underwent intra . sinus thrombolysis with rt-PA but succumbed. Outcome: Overall good prognosis seen in 48 patients (72%) who achieved MRS . 2 within 3 months. 16 patients had residual deficits. 2 patients succumbed to CVT (mortality rate of 0.03%). Delayed diagnosis and worsening encephalopathy prognosticated poor outcome. Conclusion: CVT in males is not uncommon. As presentations may vary, high index of suspicion is needed. LMWH followed by warfarin provides excellent results provided early diagnosis is made. ER  - 
Bipolar disorder in children with autism spectrum disorder: Clinical study of three-year follow-up$$$ Objectives: Children with ASD have clinical features that include varied symptoms and comorbidities. The prevalence rates of BD with ASD vary, and the adequate criteria for determining BD in children are still debated. The purpose of this study is to reliably identify BD prevalence and to evaluate various subclinical BD symptoms in children with ASD. Methods: The participants were 110 children (ages 6-15 years), who were consecutively referred for the first time to the clinic of Osaka City University Hospital in Japan: 46 with ASD, and 64 without ASD (intellectual disability, intractable epilepsy, and consent denials were excluded). We used the strict operational criteria for diagnosing BD and assessed the presence of subthreshold BD symptoms using a semistructured diagnostic interview, the Japanese version of the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children-Present and Lifetime version (K-SADS-PL-J). Results: This study included 35 males (76.1 percent), mean age 11.4 years (±2.5), in the ASD group and 22 males (34.4 percent), mean age 12.0 years (±1.8), in the non-ASD group. In the non-ASD group, the following disorders were prevalent: anxiety disorder (n = 28), depressive disorder (n = 16), eating disorder (n = 9), adjustment disorder (n = 7), ADHD (n = 7), conduct disorder (n = 3), and BD (n = 2). Some in the non-ASD group had comorbid diagnoses. None of the children was diagnosed with BD in the ASD group, although two children were diagnosed with BD in the non-ASD group at 3+ years' followup. Based on the subthreshold BD symptoms, the prevalence of elation/ expansive mood and racing thoughts was significantly higher in the ASD group than in the non-ASD group: 26.1 versus 3.1 percent (P < 0.001), and 32.6 versus 9.4 percent (P = 0.002), respectively. The gender differences were not found in these subthreshold BD symptoms: OR = 2.36, 95% Cl 0.61-9.07 (P = 0.210); OR = 1.16, 95% Cl 0.38-3.58 (P = 0.786). Conclusions: Our findings indicate that school-aged children with ASD frequently present subthreshold symptoms of BD. Participants were referred consecutively, so the number of males was significantly higher in the ASD group. For the statistical analysis, the number of females was small; however, the gender differences between the two groups did not affect our results. It is important to beware of over diagnosis of BD, even if the children present subthreshold BD symptoms. ER  - 
Updates on co-occurring conditions with neurodevelopmental disorders: Recognition and treatment$$$ Objectives: The goal of this session is to review seven articles chosen by AACAP's Lifelong Learning Committee addressing current concepts and understanding in the following areas: a review of sleep in ASD and ADHD, a study of guanfacine for treatment of ADHD in ASD, a systematic review of the use of antiepileptic medications in ASD, ethical challenges associated with early detection of mental health and neurodevelopmental disorders, psychopathology in hearing-impaired children, self-injurious behavior with or without associated intellectual disability, and fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. Methods: This presentation will review each article, highlighting the major findings and how they inform clinical practice and research. Results: 1) Sleep disturbances are common in both ASD and ADHD, and their recognition and treatment may improve a number of behavioral symptoms; 2) guanfacine is significantly more effective than placebo in reducing ADHD symptoms in children with ASD; 3) antiepileptic medications are widely used in ASD, but there is a need for more data to support specific indications; 4) improved and earlier detection of mental and neurodevelopmental disorders will result in better outcomes, but there is a need to apply rigorous science to the study of early risk markers; 5) children with hearing impairment are at higher risk for psychopathology, but differences between children treated with hearing aids and those with cochlear implants may provide important clues for prevention; 6) self-injury is a significant problem for individuals with or without intellectual disability and is associated with significant heterogeneity; and 7) fetal alcohol spectrum disorders are common but underrecognized. Conclusions: Clinical and scientific advances in areas important to our understanding of autism, ADHD, and other neurodevelopmental disorders reveal new insights into these conditions and also reveal greater and greater complexity. ER  - 
Medications, diagnoses, and prescribers: What we know about publicly funded preschoolers on psychotropic medications$$$ Objectives: Many psychotropic drugs in young children are used off-label and have not been tested adequately for efficacy and safety; disparities in utilization remain. We investigated utilization of psychotropic drugs in Medicaid eligible youth ages 0-5 years. Methods: We identified Medicaid enrolled children ages 0-5 years with at least one paid claim for ADHD medication, antidepressant, antipsychotic drugs, benzodiazepine, or mood stabilizer in 2015. Univariate analyses were used to describe the sample group and compare characteristics of youth receiving psychotropic drugs between younger age-group (0-2 years) versus older age group (3-5 years). Results: Children (N = 2,957) were prescribed psychotropic drugs with 2,254 adolescents on ADHD medications, 263 on antidepressants, 320 on antipsychotic drugs, 542 on benzodiazepines, and 344 on mood stabilizers. Neurologists wrote 29 percent of the prescriptions for benzodiazepines, 40 percent for mood stabilizers, and less than 5 percent of the prescriptions for ADHD medications, antidepressants, or antipsychotic drugs. Diagnosis of seizure disorder/convulsion was higher for children receiving benzodiazepines (9.7 percent of claims) and mood stabilizers (10.8 percent of claims) versus children receiving other psychotropic drugs (<2 percent of claims). Rates of ADHD diagnosis from claims were highest for children on antipsychotic drugs (71 percent), ADHD medications (62 percent), and antidepressants (59 percent) but lower in children receiving benzodiazepines (6 percent) and mood stabilizers (18 percent). Children in the younger age-group on ADHD medications were less likely than older children to be white (63 vs. 72 percent; P = 0.04), less likely to have medication prescribed by a psychiatrist or primary care physician, and more likely to have medication prescribed by a neurologist (P < 0.01). Younger children prescribed mood stabilizers were less likely to be male (54 vs. 66 percent; P = 0.04) and more likely to have out-of-home placement compared with older children (9 vs. 4 percent; P = 0.04). Conclusions: The majority of young children prescribed ADHD medications, antidepressants, and antipsychotic drugs are receiving these medications in conjunction with a behavioral health disorder, whereas the majority of children receiving benzodiazepines and mood stabilizers are not. Children with a diagnosis of ADHD may be prescribed psychotropic drugs from a variety of medication classes. ER  - 
Emergency department utilization is increased by foster care and polypharmacy$$$ Objectives: This poster will report on emergency department use in children on psychotropic medication (PM) and antipsychotic medication (APM) and interclass APM polypharmacy use in children on Medicaid in Kentucky, with a focus on rates for those youth in foster care. Methods: Administrative claims were analyzed for children on Kentucky Medicaid for the year 2014. Emergency department visits were calculated by Current Procedural Terminology codes 99281-99285. Use of PM was calculated by the National Drug Code descriptions in the Kentucky Medicaid prescription claims database. Emergency department visits were crosstabulated by the presence of PM, PM for 90 days, use of APM, interclass polypharmacy, APM polypharmacy, and interclass polypharmacy involving an APM. Primary diagnoses reported on the claim were obtained for each ED visit. Chi-square analyses were performed to determine significance of ED utilization differences between foster care and regular Medicaid patients and for different degrees of PM use. Results: In 2014, there were 751,166 ED visits involving 227,733 children on Kentucky Medicaid and 17,626 ED visits for 4,964 children in foster care. Foster care child visits (48.9 percent) to the ED involved a PM compared with 19.5 percent of children on regular Medicaid. PM medication use, APM, polypharmacy, and APM polypharmacy are all associated with significantly higher rates of ED visits (P < 0.001) compared with children not on any PM medication. These differences are similar for both children in foster care and those in regular Medicaid, but children in foster care have significantly higher rates of ED visits for each category studied for children with PM treatment. The majority of ED visits have nonbehavioral health conditions as primary diagnosis; however, the rates of psychiatric diagnoses were higher for ED visits associated with PM use and the most common diagnoses were depression and AD. Primary diagnoses related to seizures were more common than any of the mental health diagnoses. Children on PM are evaluated in the ED 21.8 percent more often than those not on PM. Conclusions: PM, APM, interclass polypharmacy, and interclass polypharmacy involving an APM are associated with increased ED utilization, especially for those children in foster care. The increased cost and comorbidity add additional public health concerns to the use of PM in this population. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly: A case series$$$ Background and Aim: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment option for elderly patients with depression, bipolar disorder and psychotic states, especially when rapid response is required and treatment resistance is evident [1]. The aim of this study is to retrospectively examine the use of ECT in patients aged 60 and above, emphasizing on ECT characteristics, clinical correlates of response and adverse events. Methods: Medical records of inpatients aged 60 and above who received ECT between January 2010 and August 2015 at Hacettepe University, Psychiatry Department were retrospectively reviewed. Information about sociodemographic characteristics, psychiatric diagnoses, ECT course data including adverse events and comorbid medical diseases were gathered. Clinical Global Impression-Improvement Scale (CGI-I) was retrospectively evaluated. Each treatment course of the same patient was recorded separately for the purposes of statistical analysis. Results: Between 2010-2015 a total of 1568 patients were hospitalized. Among 194 patients aged 60 or above, 73 (37.6%) received twice weekly ECT as their primary treatment. The mean age of this sample was 70.8±6.5 years. 34.7% of patients were male and 90.3% of the sample was diagnosed with an affective disorder including bipolar affective disorder and unipolar depression. Main indications of ECT were resistance to treatment (78.6%), requirement of rapid response due to high suicide risk or rapid worsening in general physical condition (18.6%) and catatonia (1.3%). Mean number of sessions and mean adequate seizure per stimuli ratio were 10.1±4.3 and 0.74±0.22, respectively. Adequate seizure per stimuli ratio was significantly higher in patients who had no positive findings in structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) when compared with patients that had any lesion including atrophy or vascular lesions [n = 54, t(52) = 2.48, p<0.05]. In patients diagnosed with depression, CGI-I scores in patients with any type of vascular disease was significantly lower [t = 2.757 df = 7.687 p<0.05]. Post-seizure hypertension frequency (0.74) was significantly correlated with age [r(73) = 0.40 p<0.0001]. Marked confusion related to the administration of ECT was observed in 18.3% patients and 14.5% developed postseizure bradycardia. In one patient, ECT was ceased due to the development of a 1st degree atrio-ventricular conduction block. Conclusion: In this retrospective chart review, it is evident that ECT seems to be frequently employed treatment modality in the elderly population. The ECT frequency in the elderly reported in our study, is higher than previous reports from other Turkish institutions [2]. Frequency of adverse events related to ECT is consistent with previous studies [1]. Although some studies show no relationship between structural brain lesions and treatment response [3], in line with our findings, others have provided convincing evidence of response to antidepressant treatment, including ECT, in late-life depression is significantly better in patients with no structural abnormalities in brain MRI scans [4,5]. Retrospective design and lack of long term efficacy data are considered as the main limitations of this study. ER  - 
Rediscovering drug discovery in bipolar disorder$$$ Treatment development in bipolar disorder has been slow and haphazard with a lack of valid targets, based on deep understanding of the biology of the disorder [1]. Repurposed drugs first developed for other indications (e.g. dopamine antagonists in schizophrenia, ion channel blockers in epilepsy) have provided some advance - but there are no validated targets for treatment development (either pharmacological or psychological) in bipolar disorder. However, there are now grounds for optimism. Post GWAS programmes such as the Structural Genomics Consortium's TEP initiative provide new approaches to target discovery, and deliver chemical starting points for drug development. Prioritisation of genetic candidates is based on strength of the genetic evidence and collateral evidence from clinical studies. For example, the case for CACNA1C as a target is supported by evidence of effect of ion channel modulators. Bipolar disorder provides an opportunity because we have a drug, lithium, that does seem to target the core mood instability, being effective against both acute mania and depression and preventive of relapse and suicide. No other agent has so much independently replicated evidence from heterogeneous study designs. We need to exploit lithium as a tool for drug discovery. Deep characterisation of the effects of lithium in humans is now feasible using remote capture of data streams - this approach promises to generate new experimental medicine models for short term evaluation of novel drugs. Novel cellular assays and models based on iPSCs can potentially be generated by experimental perturbation with lithium [2]. ER  - 
Adding fentanyl to sodium-thiopental (STP) or propofol anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): A pilot study$$$ Introduction: Despite of appropriate antidepressant treatment, 30-40% of patients with a depressive episode don't achieve improvement. Depression, both unipolar and bipolar, is a severe condition, with high morbidity and mortality. Pharmacological treatment is often the first choice, but non pharmacological approaches are widespread. Our Mood Disorder Unit treats about 600 inpatients per year with depression, 4% of them undergo Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) for treatment resistant depression (TRD). Aim: ECT requires general anesthesia with a combination of hypnotic and muscle relaxant drugs. Researchers have proposed new strategies to improve the outcome of ECT and to minimize adverse effects [1]. Sodium-thiopental (STP), propofol and methohexitone remain the most used induction agents. There is no clear evidence for the superiority of any of these drugs. Although propofol seems to offer a superior hemodynamic stability during the procedure, a quicker recovery time with a lesser alteration on cognitivite status, it has the disadvantage of reducing the length of seizures when compared to the thiopental [2]. Fentanyl is useful as adjunct to reduce the dose of induction agent. We examined the effects of adding fentanyl to STP or propofol anesthesia on seizure duration, outcome and hemodynamics during ECT procedure. Methods: Between 2009 and 2012, 56 inpatients undergoing bilateral bitemporal ECT twice/week with MECTA spectrum device. They received IV fentanyl bolus (0.5-1.0mcg/kg) and STP or propofol, then IV succinylcholine bolus (0.5-1 mg/kg). We collected clinical data and pre/intra/post operative evaluation. Results: 36 (64%) females, 20 (36%) males, 60±12.1 years old. All patients received pre medication with fentanyl. 31 (55%) patients received STP 2-2.5 mg/kg and 25 (45%) propofol 1-1.5 mg/kg. Seizure occurrence at first treatment was significant higher in patients treated with STP (25 vs 13, p = 0.02) with comparable charge (100-110mC); seizure duration was significant longer with STP (35s vs 11s, p = 0.04). No adverse events were recorded. No different outcome: 90% of patients showed an improvement or a complete remission after ECT protocol. On average, patients treated with STP underwent to a lower number of ECT than those treated with propofol. Conclusions: Recently the use of opioids in combination with hypnotics increased [3,4]: authors found longer seizure duration when using alfentanil or remifentanil in combination with propofol, probably due to a reduction in the anesthetic dosage, but with a prolonged time of recovery. Other authors found that propofolremifentanil anesthesia significantly lengthened seizure duration. Our experience confirms literature data: fentanyl premedication allows a lower dose both of STP and propofol than the dose commonly used. This produces a better ECT outcome and a lower risk of side effects. As reported, STP shows a stronger convulsive effect than propofol. After our ECT protocol about 90% of patients showed a good clinical response or a remission of depressive simptoms. No patients dropped the procedure. ER  - 
Epileptic seizures and clozapine titration$$$ Background: Clozapine has some undesirable side effects, including severe electroencephalographic (EEG) disturbances [1,2]. The basic mechanism underlying the association between the administration of clozapine and the EEG abnormalities is unclear [3]. The present study was carried out to elucidate the relation between clozapine dose and its metabolites (clozapine and norclozapine) and epileptic seizures in patients with diagnosis of refractory schizophrenia. Methods: It was a longitudinal study held in psychiatric department in general hospital of Sousse in Tunisia. Sixty-two patients (41 females and 21 males) were recruited and fulfilled criteria for refractory schizophrenia according to the NICE criteria (the National Institute of Clinical Excellence). Exclusion criteria were: a diagnosis other than schizophrenia in axis I of the DSM-IV (particularly schizoaffective conditions); low white blood cell counts (less than 3.5×109/l); history of alcohol or drug abuse in the last 2 years; serious medical illness; mental retardation and concomitant medication until the end of the study period. To evaluate the clinical improvement with clozapine, we used Brief Psychitric Rating Scale score (BPRS) at first time and after one month of starting treatment with clozapine. This assessment was made by the same psychiatrist. Plasma concentrations were evaluated through a reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography method (RPLC). Plasma clozapine, Norclozapine and (norclozapine/clozapine) Ratio were determined for each patient at first time and after 15 days. Results: For the 62 patients, the mean age was 35.5±11.3 years. Age of onset of schizophrenia was 24.4±8.2 years. The average number of psychiatric hospitalization was 3.4±2.9. Most of them had undifferentiated schizophrenia (69.4%). The duration average of clozapine treatment was 16.6 months. Daily intake clozapine dose was 493±175 mg/day. Daily dose of clozapine related to the weight of each patient was 6.6±2.6 mg/kg/day. 75% had clinical improvement (defined as a decrease in BPRS >20%) after one month of clozapine treatment. Twenty-five refractory schizophrenic patients had developed side effects due to clozapine. Four patients had developed both tonic-clonic epileptic seizure and one myoclonic seizure. All this patients had EEG abnormalities. There were no difference in sociodemographic and clinical factors and daily intake clozapine dose between patients with epileptic seizure and those without. Plasma clozapine concentrations were higher in patients with epileptic seizures (1040 ng/ml vs 640 ng/ml) (p<10-3). No differences were established for Plasma norclozapine concentration between the two groups. Norclozine/clozapine ratio were lower in patients with epileptic seizures at first day and after 15 days (p = 0.006 and 0.024). Conclusion: In our study, plasma clozapine concentrations were higher in patients who had developed epilepsy. No differences were obtained for Norclozapine. These results need to be verified in other multicenter studies recruiting a larger number of patients treated with clozapine. In the same way, EEG monitoring is necessary to detect as soon as possible the occurrence of epilepsy. ER  - 
Psychiatric disorders associated to incontinentia pigmenti: Two case reports$$$ Introduction: Incontinentia pigmenti (IP) is a rare X-linked dominant syndrome (incidence 0.0025%) which manifests with skin, teeth, ocular and neurological abnormalities, that usually become apparent at birth or early childhood [1]. Central nervous system abnormalities are found in 30% of IP patients and are considered the foremost cause of comorbidity and death [2]. To our knowledge, only one report so far has documented psychiatric symptoms linked to IP consisting of a conversion disorder [3]. We report two cases of adolescent patients with IP who presented with severe psychiatric disorders. Case 1: A 17 year-old girl admitted to our Children and Adolescent Psychiatry Unit due to depressive symptoms in the prior two months, unresponsive to sertraline 150 mg and quetiapine 25 mg. She was diagnosed with IP immediately after birth, having presented with tonic-clonic seizures and skin lesions, in addition to lack of teeth and retinal abnormalities. She had no previous psychiatry history until onset of eating disorder symptoms 1 year before admission, which were currently stable. Blood tests at intake were normal, brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) showed subcortical leukomalacia and corpus callosum lesion attributed to IP, consultation with neurology led to no change in treatment. She was diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, single episode (DSM-5, 296.23) and Lithium (600 mg/day) was added as a potentiating strategy with clinical response (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 = at intake: 28, at discharge: 2). At discharge she showed significant distal tremor even though lithium was within the therapeutic plasma range, which responded to adjustment of dose. Case 2: A 17 year-old girl was admitted to our unit due to psychotic symptoms [Positive and Negative Symptom Scale (PANSS) = 134]. She was diagnosed with IP 6 months after birth and presented skin lesions and both teeth and ocular defects. She had been hospitalized on various occasions due to an eating disorder and severe depressive symptoms. During her previous admission she had presented with acute psychotic symptoms that showed full remission after treatment with olanzapine (25 mg/day); neurologic and medical etiology were dismissed. For the previous last year she had been stable with valproate 900 mg/day. At admission, blood analysis and electroencephalogram showed no relevant findings. Brain MRI showed unspecific lesions, present in previous scan, attributed to IP. She was diagnosed with Schizoaffective Disorder (DSM-5, 295.70) and treated with olanzapine (25 mg/day) presenting several extrapyramidal side effects which responded to trihexyphenidyl. She had an initial good clinical response to treatment but residual psychotic symptoms were still present (PANNS = 73). Discussion: Our clinical experience demonstrates that psychiatric disorders and IP may coexist and could be associated with a greater susceptibility to neurological side effects. Pathophysiology underlying IP consists in a loss of function of the protein NFkappa B essential modulator (NEMO) which may result in brain injury during development owing to vascular and inflammatory factors [2]. Similar brain pathways and neurodevelopmental disturbances have been related to Schizophrenia and other psychiatric disorders [4]. Early identification and treatment of psychiatric symptoms in patients with IP may be important to improve clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy augmentation in clozapine-resistant schizophrenia: A French sample$$$ Background: Forty percent to 70% of patients demonstrate only a partial response to clozapine [1] and become ultra-resistant [2]. In fact, patients with ultra-resistant schizophrenia (URS) continue to experience moderate to severe persistent positive symptoms and no social or occupational remission in spite of the medical care and form a particular subgroup. Objective: We examined the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) as an augmentation to clozapine for treatment URS, as it was described [3]. Methods: From January 2009 to November 2015, patients from a French psychiatric hospital (Rouvray Hospital) in whom ECT was used to augment treatment with clozapine were followed. They had shown a partial response to clozapine. The patients received bitemporal brief pulse ECT at threshold two times a week. Clozapine dosages remained constant during the ECT. Patients were assessed by the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) at baseline and at the end of ECT. Results: The sample included 12 participants. All patients had a diagnosis of schizophrenia, with paranoid subtype (92%) being the most common. The mean age was 35.5 years (SD = 8.9), with a range of 23-48 years. Patients were mostly males (75%). All of them were unemployed and unmarried. The total duration of illness ranged from 1 year to 28 years (mean 12.4 years [SD = 9.3]). The mean dose of clozapine was 567 mg/day and all patients were demonstrating only a partial response at the time of initiating ECT. The mean number of ECT treatments administered was 18 (SD = 8), with a range of 7-36. The mean charge was of 946 millicoulombs (SD = 217). All the patients showed improvement in their clinical status as assessed by the BPRS. The mean reduction in the BPRS total score was 24.6% from baseline after the course of ECT, with a range of 9-55%. The improvement was superior on the items “hallucinations”, “hostility” and “suspiciousness”. In 75% of the cases, the symptomatic improvement allowed a hospital discharge. The patients maintained improvement for a mean duration of 124.6 (+171) days. In terms of complications, one patient developed seizures, which were managed with valproate and ECT must be stopped which shows that this treatment is well tolerated as described in the literature [4]. Conclusion: In this ultra-resistant group of patients for whom there are few clinical alternatives, we demonstrated an average response rate of 25%. Our observations also support the beneficial effect of ECT as an augmentation strategy for patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia who partially respond to clozapine. We project to lead a randomized study to compare two ECT strategies a short one and a long one: in a 18 months prospective study, patients with URS were assigned to two treatment groups in addition to their current pharmacotherapy regimen (CLZ): one group received a short-term course of bilateral ECT for 6 months (20 ECT), and the other one received a long term course of bilateral ECT for 12 months (40 ECT). ER  - 
Glutathione S-transferase M1 gene deletion may be associated with susceptibility to epilepsy$$$ Background: Several biogenic monoamines, and in particular dopamine, have been assumed to play a role in the development of epilepsy [1]. Dopamine, like other catecholamines, can be oxidized to the corresponding o-quinone which may have a key function in the formation of reactive oxygen species with oxidative damage to neuronal cells. Such oxidative damage to neuronal cells is thought to be one of the contributing factors to the development of neuropsychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia [2]; and could be considered as a potential factor contributing to epileptogenesis. Human glutathione S-transferases (GSTs) are implicated in the detoxification of a wide range of reactive oxygen species including those derived from dopamine and other catecholamines [2]. In this study, we evaluated the effects of two GST polymorphisms, (GSTM1 and GSTT1) on epilepsy risk susceptibility in a Tunisian population. Methods: The molecular analysis of the genes coding the enzymes GSTM1 and GSTT1 was conducted using samples from 98 epileptic Tunisian patients and 229 healthy controls. The polymorphisms were detected using a previously described polymerase chain reaction (PCR) protocol [3] with minor modifications. The relative associations between the GST genotypes and epilepsy were assessed by calculating odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Statistical analysis was performed using the Epi Info 6.0 software package. A probability of p <0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: The frequencies of GSTM1 null genotype and GSTT1 null genotype were 47.6% and 20.1% respectively among controls, compared with 77.55% and 22.44% respectively among patients with epilepsy. The GSTM1 null genotype frequency was increased in epileptic patients, compared with healthy subjects. There was no difference between the frequency of GSTT1 null genotype in the cases (22.44%) and healthy controls (20.1%). Moreover, our results revealed that individuals expressing GSTM1 null genotype were at an increased risk of developing epilepsy [OR = 3.80, 95% CI (2.15-4.78)]. There was no significant association between GSTT1 null genotype and the risk of epileptogenesis [OR = 1.15, 95% CI (0.62-2.12)]. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that GSTM1 null genotype may be considered as a key factor in the development of epilepsy disease. Taking into account data from previous studies, including the involvement of o-quinones as contributing factors in the development of neuropsychiatric diseases [4,5] and the greater ability of GSTM1 to eliminate these neurotoxic metabolites of dopamine [2], our findings suggest the functional significance of the GSTM1 null genotype with respect to epilepsy development. Our results are in agreement with the hypothesis suggesting that o-quinones, from the metabolism of dopamine and other catecholamine, may contribute as a causative factor to the development of neurodisorders for which dopamine acts as a neurotransmitter, including epilepsy and schizophrenia diseases. GSTM1 null genotype polymorphism decreases the detoxification process of o-quinones and thus enhances the dopamine neuron neurodegeneration process, which may be a contributing factor in the pathogenesis of neurodisorders. This relationship could be confirmed by the presence of epileptogenic zones (brain damage) identified through medical imaging. Due to the small number of subjects recruited in this study, the results should be viewed with caution. ER  - 
Anti-neuronal antibodies in acute psychiatry-an observational retrospective case-controlled study$$$ Background: Disorders associated with anti-neuronal antibodies often include prominent psychiatric symptoms [1]. It is unknown whether or not these antibodies are of clinical significance in patients with pure psychiatric phenotypes [2,3]. In patients admitted to acute psychiatric inpatient care; we aimed to identify clinical features distinguishing anti-neuronal antibody positive patients from matched controls. Methods: We screened 340 unselected patients admitted to acute psychiatric inpatient care for the presence of six antineuronal antibodies (NMDAR, LGI1, Caspr2, GAD65, GABAb and AMPA) with an indirect immunofluorescence test (Euroimmun, Germany). 41 patients were serum positive to antibodies of the IgG isotype (3 NMDAR, 6 anti-Caspr2 and 8 anti-GAD), IgM (9 NMDAR and 6 Caspr2) or IgA (11 NMDAR, 2 Caspr2 and 1 GAD65). Five patients had two coexisting antineuronal antibodies. The anti-neuronal antibody positive patients were compared with 82 age - and sex matched anti-neuronal antibody negative patients from the same cohort on the following clinical features: presence of psychotic and affective symptoms, agitation (PANSS-EC) and degree of symptom fluctuation (SOMAS), and history of seizures and brain trauma/disorder. Subgroup analyses comparing patients with each of the three antibody types (NMDAR, Caspr2, GAD65) with their respective controls were performed. The a-level was set to 0.05 for psychotic symptoms and symptom fluctuation (primary aims) and 0.01 for the remaining analyses. Results: There were no differences in frequencies of the predefined clinical features between anti-neuronal antibody positive and negative patients (Table 1). Subgroups analyses also showed no significant differences. In the subgroup analyses of anti-Caspr2 positive patients, 6 of 9 cases had a history of head trauma/ disorder as compared to 5 of 23 of their respective controls (p = 0.016). (Table presented) Conclusions: In our cohort of patients admitted to acute psychiatric inpatient care, patients with anti-neuronal antibodies did not show a higher frequency of psychotic or affective symptoms, agitation and symptom fluctuation as compared to antibody negative patients. They did neither have more seizures nor brain traumas/ disorders in their history. The study is limited by the heterogeneity in antibody findings. Statistical analyses were prone to type II errors due to low numbers in each patient group. Also, absence of differences in clinical features is not evidence that the antibodies lack clinical significance. Large prospective studies are needed to elucidate this issue further. ER  - 
Impact of risk minimization measures associated with valproate and related substances in a French psychiatric hospital$$$ Background: In 2014, due to the risk of congenital malformations in babies exposed, European Medicine Agency (EMA) recommended strengthening the restriction and warnings on the use of valproate and related substances in women of childbearing age. Similarly in France, from May 2015 the French Drug Safety Agency (ANSM) strongly advised an informed and written consent prior delivering valproate containing drugs. This consent is mandatory since January 2016. This retrospective study describes the physicians' attitude after these recommendations. Material and Method: Prescriptions with valproate and related substances, namely sodium valproate, divalproate and valpromide, of women up to 55-year-old were retrospectively analysed from May the 1st to December the 31st 2015. Therapeutic indications, contraceptive methods and informed consent were gathered from the prescription software, the medical records or directly from the physician. Results were expressed using descriptive statistics. Results: Population: The collected prescriptions concerned 97 patients of mean age 40.3 (range: 20-55 year-old). Among them, 40% were age from 20 to 39. Prescriptions: We extracted 131 prescriptions: 50% had divalproate, 39% sodium valproate and 11% valpromide. Indications: Valproate and related substances were prescribed for bipolar disorders (34%), other psychiatric disorders (58%) and epilepsy (8%). Patient's agreement: 35 patients (36%) signed the consent for their treatment. Contraception: Information about contraception were available for 88% of patients (12% unknown). Forty-five per cent of women had a contraception which was implant, coil and pill: 53%, 26% and 21%, respectively. In 12 patients (13%) contraceptive method was unnecessary: 10 were postmenopausal, 1 had a tubal ligation and 1 a hysterectomy. Therapeutic strategy: During the study duration, valproate or related substances was initiated in 35% of patients. On January the 1st 2016, 68% were still under treatment and 30% stopped their valproate containing drug. Among the latter, 17% switched treatment, 10% stopped without further treatment modifications and 3% had a dose increase of an existing co-prescription. Therapeutic strategy was not available for the remaining 2%. Discussion and Conclusion: Valproate and related substances were mostly prescribed for psychiatric disorders, mainly bipolar disorders. Risk of pregnancy concerned a high rate of women: 40% being from 20 to 39 year-old. Despite EMA warnings only 36% of patients signed the required consent. Moreover only 45% of patients were on contraception and 68% of patients still under treatment. As one can see, valproate-containing drugs play an important part of the therapeutic strategy in psychiatry. Patients with psychiatric conditions require a careful attention. As a matter of fact, they might not have knowledge of their illness and clear understanding of the treatment and its risks. In addition, they are more at risk of pregnancy because of disinhibited behaviour. Thus, importance of contraception has to be underlined while giving the informed consent. This study highlighted the difficulties to follow recommendations. Although the informed consent is mandatory since January the 1st 2016, many women remain under treatment without providing the document. To improve the patient care, information to physicians should be enhanced. ER  - 
Bmi as predictor of adverse outcomes with moderate intravenous sedation during surgical abortion$$$ Objectives: We aimed to determine if obese women experience increased rates of adverse outcomes with moderate intravenous sedation during surgical abortion compared with normal-weight women. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study of all surgical abortion procedures with moderate intravenous sedation at an outpatient facility between September 2010 and June 2015. The primary outcome was use of supplemental oxygen, as a surrogate for oversedation and anesthesia-related events. Secondary outcomes included reversal agent administration, anesthesia-related events and intraoperative lowest level of consciousness (LLOC). Comparisons were made among three obesity groups [I (BMI=30-34.9), II (BMI=35-39.9) and III (BMI=40+)] and normalweight women (BMIb25). Data were exported from electronic health records, and adverse outcomes were reviewed manually. Results: Of 26,431 surgical abortion procedures, 59 (0.22%) required the use of supplemental oxygen, 29 (0.11%) required a reversal agent, 43 (0.16%) included an event that was probably anesthesia-related (33 vasovagal reactions, 4 anxiety reactions, 2 seizures, 2 asthma attacks, 1 psychotic reaction and 1 drug reaction) and 269 of 25,531 (1.05%) had a documented low intraoperative LLOC. Three patients (0.01%) required hospital transfer or hospitalization. Supplemental oxygen administration [obese vs. normal-weight groups: Obese I, OR, 0.90 (95% CI, 0.37-2.17; p=.81); II, OR, 1.91 (95% CI, 0.78-4.67; p=.16); III, OR, 1.13 (95% CI, 0.27-4.70; p=.86)] and anesthesia-related events (p=.82) were not associated with BMI. Rates of reversal agent administration (p=.04) and low intraoperative LLOC (p<.001) decreased with increasing BMI. Conclusions: Adverse outcomes were exceedingly rare across all BMI categories with no detectable difference between obese and normal-weight women. BMI-based restrictions on moderate intravenous sedation may be unnecessary. ER  - 
Embracing a Nurse-Driven Alcohol Withdrawal Protocol Through Quality Improvement$$$ BACKGROUND: Alcohol withdrawal can lead to severe complications including seizures, delirium tremens, and death if not treated appropriately. Nurses are critical to the safety and outcomes of these patients. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this retrospective study was to determine if nursing education on a community hospital's alcohol withdrawal protocol led to improved nursing compliance. METHODS: This is a quality improvement project involving a two-part retrospective review-an initial needs assessment followed by nursing education and a subsequent posteducation retrospective review. The initial needs assessment included 65 patients. The subsequent posteducation group included 50 patients. RESULTS: Nursing compliance of 1-hour assessments increased after the educational intervention; however, there was no statistically significant difference in 6-hour assessment or medication administration protocol compliance between preeducation and posteducation groups. CONCLUSION: Nursing education is a good place to start in improving compliance with an alcohol withdrawal protocol, but physicians need to be included to increase standardization within the institution. Future study should look at the effectiveness of different assessment frequency intervals and its impact on patient-centered outcomes. ER  - 
Characteristics of emergency department patients with agitation and excited delirium syndrome$$$ Study Objectives: Patients with agitation due to psychiatric illness, intoxication, and other medical conditions frequently present to the ED. The characteristics of agitated patients and the treatments employed have not been well described. The purpose of this study was to determine the characteristics of agitated patients and patients with excited delirium syndrome (ExDS) undergoing treatment in the ED. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study at an urban Level 1 Trauma Center with 108,000 annual visits. Data collection was performed using trained research associates. We prospectively screened all patients in the ED for agitation during a randomized distribution of 440 8-hour shifts totaling 3,520 hours between December 2012 and August 2014. All patients were assessed using the altered mental status (AMS) score, a previously validated 9-point scale ranging from unresponsive (-4) to normal (0) to severely agitated (+4). A score of 1 denotes mild agitation, and a score of 2 denotes agitation with verbal outbursts and physical agitation. Patients with an AMS score of >1 were considered agitated. ExDS was defined as an AMS score of >1 plus disorientation, hallucinations, or incoherent speech. Adverse events were defined as vomiting, a systolic blood pressure <100, an oxygen saturation <93%, seizure, or the need for airway management. The treating physician was queried for the presence of ExDS, treatments, adverse events, and the etiology of the agitation. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Results: 43,848 patients were screened and 1,147 (2.6%) had an agitation score >1. Of these, 318 (25.1% of agitated patients, 0.7% overall) met criteria for ExDS. The initial median AMS score was 2 (IQR 1-2, range 1-4) for agitated subjects, and 2 (IQR 2-3, range 1-4) for ExDS subjects. Characteristics of the groups are described in the attached table. Chemical restraints used included droperidol (% in agitation group = 17.4%, % in ExDS group = 26.1%), haloperidol (17.4%, 26.1%), olanzapine (39.9%, 34.3%), lorazepam (3.2%, 8.8%), midazolam (0.8%, 2.2%), and ketamine (2.2%, 11.3%). Physical restraints used included 2-point restraints (45.2%, 42.5%), 4-point restraints (31.9%, 46.5%), and isolation (19.1%, 16.3%). Conclusion: Compared to other agitated patients, patients with ExDS had a higher rate of endotracheal intubation and other adverse events. They also had a higher rate of underlying psychiatric and medical etiologies. ExDS patients may represent a high-risk subgroup of agitated patients. ER  - 
"Clinical profile and long term outcome of neuropsychiatric lupus from a tertiary care center in South India"$$$ Background: Neuropsychiatric manifestations represent severe involvement in SLE. The long term outcome of Neuropsychiatric Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (NPSLE) is not clearly defined. Objective: To investigate the neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations in SLE and identify predictive factors for clinical outcome. Methods: Retrospective review of SLE patients between 1996 and 2016 was done. NP manifestations, SLICC/ACR damage index, SLEDAI, MRI findings, immunological investigations and mortality rates were included for analysis. Individual NP manifestations were defined using the proposed ACR 1999 nomenclature and case definitions for neuropsychiatric lupus syndromes. Clinical outcome of NPSLE was classified based on the Neuwelt's classification. Results: Of the 490 patients with SLE, 154 patients had at least one defined NP manifestation. The most common NP manifestation was seizure (38.2%) followed by mood disorder (32.6%). 85 patients (55%) had more than one NP manifestation. SLICC/ACR damage index was significantly higher in patients with NPSLE compared to SLE without NP manifestations. 74 patients (48%) had more than one NP manifestation and in these patients had a higher SLICC/ACR damage index when compared to patients with only one NP manifestation. Most common MRI findings were multiple T2 hyperintense lesions (26%) followed by infarcts (24%). Cyclophosphamide was the most common immunosuppression used followed by mycophenolate mofetil. Multivariate analysis showed that high SLICC/ACR damage index and more than 2 sets of NP manifestations at presentation were the strongest predictors of poor outcome.There were total of 36 deaths recorded in the group with NPSLE. Conclusion: Higher SLICC/ACR damage index and more than two sets of NP manifestations at presentation were associated with poor outcomes in NPSLE. ER  - 
Medication utilization pattern for management of pregnancy complications: A study in Western Nepal$$$ Background: Drugs used during pregnancy can adversely affect the health and life of the mother and unborn child. However, the fact that drugs are needed to mitigate complications during pregnancy cannot be avoided. The present study was designed to identify the common complications during pregnancy and assess the medications that have been used to mitigate those complications in an attempt to improve drug prescribing during pregnancy. Methods: A hospital based cross sectional study was conducted at Manipal Teaching Hospital, Nepal in 275 pregnant women presenting with at least one complication and the drugs prescribed for the management of those complications were analyzed. Results: Majority of the patients in this study were in the age group 20-24 (44 %) and in the third trimester (53.8 %). Maximum patients complained pain (back, abdominal, lower abdominal, neck, pelvic) as primary complication (24.3 %) which was followed by nausea/vomiting, upper respiratory tract complications, acid reflux disease and others. Of the total prescriptions eighty six (86) did not have any medicines prescribed to the patients except multivitamins and nutritional supplements. The average drugs prescribed per patient was 2.78 in outpatient setting and 5.41 in in-patients. Ranitidine, hyoscine butylbromide, paracetamol were the most frequently prescribed medications. Antimicrobials comprised 12.8 % of total drugs prescribed and 18 % of total drugs were fixed dose combinations. Two hundred and thirty four (234) prescriptions out of 275 were prescribed by brand names. Most of the prescribed drugs were from FDA pregnancy category B and C. Conclusion: The present finding showed that pregnant patients were prescribed medications almost only when necessary and those considered safe during pregnancy were chosen to a large extent. However, few teratogenic drugs (2.49 % of total drugs prescribed) were also found to be prescribed which might need further assessments. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures and functional motor symptoms: A common phenomenology?$$$ Objective Recent studies have attempted to compare patients affected by psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) to patients affected by functional motor symptoms (FMS) from a demographic, clinical and psychological perspective. Nevertheless, results are quite controversial and significant conclusions have not been drawn. The aim of our study was to evaluate the phenomenology of psychology of the two groups assessing levels of dissociation and its subcomponents, alexithymia and interoceptive sensitivity in patients with PNES and in patients with FMS. Methods We conducted a cross-sectional study recruiting 20 patients with PNES, 20 patients with FMS and 20 healthy subjects as a control group. All subjects underwent: Dissociative Experience Scale (DES), Somatoform Dissociation Questionnaire (SDQ-20), Cambridge Depersonalization Scale (CDS), Toronto Alexithymia Scale (TAS-20), Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D), Hamilton Rating Scale for anxiety (HAM-A), heart beat detection task. Results Our data suggest that PNES group scored significantly higher than the healthy control group on a measure of detachment (CDS). Also at the DES, a measure of psychoform dissociation, PNES patients scored significantly higher than healthy subjects. On the other hand patients affected by FMS scored significantly higher than the healthy control group on the SDQ but they did not report more experiences of detachment on the CDS. Patients affected by PNES and FMS were significantly more alexithymic than healthy controls, with a third of them scoring > 61 on the TAS-20. Significance Our data show different psychological mechanisms underlying patients with PNES and patients with FMS. This might lead also to potential implications for treatment. ER  - 
A multicenter retrospective survey of poisoning after consumption of products containing novel psychoactive substances from 2013 to 2014 in Japan$$$ Background: In Japan, fatalities among patients who experienced an acute reaction following self-administration of novel psychoactive substances (NPS) have been more frequently reported since June 2014. Objective: This survey aimed to document and analyze trends in NPS consumption in emergency patients. Methods: We conducted a multicenter retrospective survey of patients who were transported to emergency facilities after consuming NPS-containing products between January 2013 and December 2014. Letters requesting participation were sent to 467 emergency facilities, and questionnaires were mailed to facilities that agreed to participate. Results: We surveyed 589 patients from 85 (18.2%) facilities. Most patients were male (89.6%) and young (median age, 30 years), and inhaled (88%) NPS contained in herbal products (80.5%). Harmful behavior was observed at the scene of acute reaction, including violence (6.9%), traffic accidents (4.9%), and self-injury or suicidal attempts (1.1%). Other than neuropsychiatric and physical symptoms, many patients also had physical complications such as rhabdomyolysis (17.5%), liver injury (12.4%), acute kidney injury (9%), and physical injury (1.9%). Of the 256 patients (43.5%) admitted to hospitals, 35 (5.9%) were hospitalized for seven or more days. Most patients (93.2%) completely recovered, although a few (1.4%) died. However, synthetic cannabinoids and synthetic cathinones were only detected in the blood of five patients. Conclusion: Consumption of NPS-containing products have been associated with harmful behaviors such as violence and traffic accidents, physical complications (e.g., rhabdomyolysis, liver injury), death, or physical and neuropsychiatric symptoms. Compared to a previous survey (2006–2012), the present survey revealed more severe toxicity. ER  - 
Maternal depression and child psychopathology among Attendees at a Child Neuropsychiatric Clinic in Abeokuta, Nigeria: A cross sectional study$$$ Background: Children with recognized, diagnosable mental and neurological disorders are in addition prone to emotional and behavioral problems which transcend their specific diagnostic labels. In accessing care, these children are almost invariably accompanied by caregivers (usually mothers) who may also have mental health problems, notably depression. The relationship between child and maternal psychopathology has however not been sufficiently researched especially in low and middle income countries. Methods: Mothers (n = 100) of children receiving care at the Child and Adolescent Clinic of a Neuropsychiatric Hospital in Abeokuta, Nigeria took part in the study. To each consenting mother was administered a sociodemographic questionnaire and the Patient Health Questionnaire, while information regarding their children (n = 100) was obtained using the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire. Data analysis was done with the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 16. Results: The mean ages of the mothers and children were 40.4 years (SD 4.7) and 11.6 years (SD 4.1), respectively. Among the children, 63 % had a main diagnosis of seizure disorder. Regardless of main diagnosis, 40 % of all the children had a comorbid diagnosis. Among the mothers, 23 % had major depressive disorder. A quarter (25 %) of the children had abnormal total SDQ scores. A diagnosis of major depressive disorder in mothers was associated with poor total SDQ scores and poor scores in all SDQ domains except the emotional domain for the children. Major depressive disorder among the mothers was associated with not being married (p = 0.004; OR = 0.142, 95 % CI 0.037-0.546) and longer duration of the child's illness (p = 0.039, OR = 1.165, 95 % CI 1.007-1.346). Conclusion: The study showed notable rates of depressive illness among mothers of children with neuropsychiatric disorders. Marked rates of emotional and behavioral disorders were also found among the children. Associations were found between maternal and child psychopathology. Mothers of children with neuropsychiatric disorders should be screened for depressive illness. ER  - 
Prescription patterns of benzodiazepines in the Llebanese adult population: A cross-sectional study$$$ This study assessed the profile of benzodiazepine (BDZ) users in Lebanon. Adult patients visiting the pharmacies with prescriptions of BDZs were included in the study. Seven hundred and eighty-six current BDZ users were included, of whom 54.2% were females. Twenty-three percent reported being alcohol consumers and were mostly males. The two most commonly used BDZs were alprazolam (34.6%) and bromazepam (33.6%). The indication for use was mainly anxiety (44.4%), insomnia (22.5%), and depression (15.9%). The prescribing physicians were primarily psychiatrists (43.2%), followed by general practitioners (29.7%). Forty percent had been taking the drug for more than a year. Among those using BDZs for at least 1 month, 35.5% increased the dose with time. Thirty-three percent reported having experienced side effects. Eighteen patients (2.3%) reported taking more than one BDZ concomitantly, while 18.3% were taking drugs that should not be prescribed along with BDZs. In conclusion, the use of BDZs is highest among females, especially for the treatment of anxiety. Moreover, continuous use of the drugs for more than a year as well as significant potential drug interactions was identified. ER  - 
Electrical stimulation in the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis alleviates severe obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ In 1998, we proposed deep brain stimulation as a last-resort treatment option for patients suffering from severe, treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Here, 24 OCD patients were included in a long-term follow-up study to evaluate the effects of electrical stimulation in the anterior limbs of the internal capsule (ALIC) and bed nucleus of the stria terminalis (BST). We find that electrical stimulation in the ALIC/BST area is safe and significantly decreases obsessions, compulsions, and associated anxiety and depressive symptoms, and improves global functioning in a blinded crossover trial (n=17), after 4 years (n=18), and at last follow-up (up to 171 months, n=24). Moreover, our data indicate that BST may be a better stimulation target compared with ALIC to alleviate OCD symptoms. We conclude that electrical stimulation in BST is a promising therapeutic option for otherwise treatment-resistant OCD patients. ER  - 
Outcome after epilepsy surgery at the University Hospitals Leuven 1998–2012$$$ We performed a retrospective outcome study of 199 patients who underwent resective epilepsy surgery from 1998 to 2012 and had a minimum of one-year follow-up at the University Hospitals Leuven. Our aim was to assess seizure outcome, prognostic factors for seizure outcome and complication rate. Good seizure outcome after surgery was 38 % at 5 years and 34 % at 10 years follow-up. Good seizure outcome over the previous year at last follow-up, however, was 77 %, which could be explained by the ‘running-down phenomenon’, i.e. seizure freedom after initial recurrent epilepsy in 32 % of the patients, mainly after temporal lobe surgery. Good seizure outcome for at least 1 year at the last visit was 82 % for temporal and 62 % for extra-temporal lobe interventions. Other variables predictive of a good seizure outcome were not identified. Permanent complications of epilepsy surgery were observed in 31 %. The most important were word finding difficulties (22 %), depression (18 %) and memory deficits (12 %). In conclusion, epilepsy surgery is an excellent treatment option for selected patients, with a good seizure outcome in around 80 % of patients and complications in about 30 %. ER  - 
Assessment of Pharmacological Treatment Quality: Comparison of Symptom-triggered vs. Fixed-schedule Alcohol Withdrawal in Clinical Practice$$$ Introduction: Despite the fact, that symptom-triggered alcohol withdrawal treatment is recommended by German guidelines on alcoholism, many hospitals continue to use fixed-schedule protocols, as they have been successfully applied for many years. Methods: This retrospective study compared all patients' records of alcohol withdrawal treatment from October 2010 to November 2011 at Magdeburg's University Department of Psychiatry (n=120). A symptom-triggered protocol with clomethiazole (AESB, n=46) was used in parallel with the existing fixed-schedule protocol with diazepam (n=74). Results: The symptom-triggered group showed less need of pharmacological treatment duration (p<0.001) and cumulative dosage of medication compared to the fixed-schedule protocol (p<0.006). No difference was observed regarding the need of clonidine or haloperidol (to treat blood pressure derailment or delirium) and the incidence of epileptic seizures. Discussion: Based on the shorter treatment duration and a similar rate of complications our department has switched to the symptom-triggered protocol to improve the quality of patient care. ER  - 
The Fenix II study: A longitudinal study of psychopathology among burn patients$$$ Psychological symptoms are common among burn survivors. However, knowledge about epidemiology and predictors of psychopathology has shown great heterogeneity in this population. The Fenix-II Project was the first epidemiological study on the psychopathological consequences of burns developed in Spain, providing a detailed analysis of the progression of psychological symptoms during the first six months after injury. Three hundred and thirty-three patients were screened and 183 were included in this study. Posttraumatic, depression and anxiety symptoms showed a general decreasing tendency across time. At 6 months, 34 patients showed clinically significant Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) symptoms (20.5% of 166 patients reached at 6 months) as assessed with the MINI Neuropsychiatric Interview. Within this group of patients, anxiety, depression and hyperarousal increased at 30 days, and avoidance 90 days after injury. The most accurate predictors of PTSD were found to be being burned in a Motor Vehicle Crash, risk of social exclusion, low body-image adjustment, anterior trunk location of the burn and life threat perception during the burn-shock period. Considering these factors, clinicians may identify patients at risk of PTSD development, allowing an adequate follow up and preventive interventions which may minimize the psychological consequences of burns. ER  - 
Sex differences in mortality following isolated traumatic brain injury among older adults$$$ BACKGROUND Older adults have the highest rates of hospitalization and mortality from traumatic brain injury (TBI), yet outcomes in this population are not well studied. In particular, contradictory reports on the protective effect of female sex on mortality following TBI may have been related to age differences in TBI and other injury severity and mechanism. The objective of this study was to determine if there are sex differences in mortality following isolated TBI among older adults and compare with findings using all TBI. A secondary objective was to characterize TBI severity and mechanism by sex in this population. METHODS This was a retrospective cohort study conducted among adults aged 65 and older treated for TBI at a single large Level I trauma center from 1996 to 2012 (n = 4,854). Individuals treated for TBI were identified using International Classification of Disease, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes. Isolated TBI was defined as an Abbreviated Injury Scale score of 0 for other body regions. Our primary outcome was mortality at discharge. RESULTS Among those with isolated TBI (n = 1,320), women (45% of sample) were older (mean [SD], 78.9 [7.7] years) than men (76.8 [7.5] years) (p < 0.001). Women were more likely to have been injured in a fall (91% vs. 84%; p < 0.001). Adjusting for multiple injury severity measures, female sex was not significantly associated with decreased odds of mortality following isolated TBI (odds ratio, 1.01; 95% confidence interval, 0.66-1.54). Using all TBI cases, adjusted analysis found that female sex was significantly associated with decreased odd of mortality (odds ratio, 0.73; 95% confidence interval, 0.59-0.89). CONCLUSION We found no sex differences in mortality following isolated TBI among older adults, in contrast with other studies and our own analyses using all TBI cases. Researchers should consider isolated TBI in outcome studies to prevent residual confounding by severity of other injuries. ER  - 
ALG6-CDG: a recognizable phenotype with epilepsy, proximal muscle weakness, ataxia and behavioral and limb anomalies$$$ Introduction: Alpha-1,3-glucosyltransferase congenital disorder of glycosylation (ALG6-CDG) is a congenital disorder of glycosylation. The original patients were described with hypotonia, developmental disability, epilepsy, and increased bleeding tendency. Methods: Based on Euroglycan database registration, we approached referring clinicians and collected comprehensive data on 41 patients. Results: We found hypotonia and developmental delay in all ALG6-CDG patients and epilepsy, ataxia, proximal muscle weakness, and, in the majority of cases, failure to thrive. Nine patients developed intractable seizures. Coagulation anomalies were present in <50 % of cases, without spontaneous bleedings. Facial dysmorphism was rare, but seven patients showed missing phalanges and brachydactyly. Cyclic behavioral change, with autistic features and depressive episodes, was one of the most significant complaints. Eleven children died before the age of 4 years due to protein losing enteropathy (PLE), sepsis, or seizures. The oldest patient was a 40 year-old Dutch woman. The most common pathogenic protein alterations were p.A333V and p.I299Del, without any clear genotype–phenotype correlation. Discussion: ALG6-CDG has been now described in 89 patients, making it the second most common type of CDG. It has a recognizable phenotype and a primary neurologic presentation. ER  - 
Identifying Consistent High-cost Users in a Health Plan: Comparison of Alternative Prediction Models$$$ Background: High-cost users in a period may not incur high-cost utilization in the next period. Consistent high-cost users (CHUs) may be better targets for cost-saving interventions. Objectives: To compare the characteristics of CHUs (patients with plan-specific top 20% medical costs in all 4 half-year periods across 2008 and 2009) and point high-cost users (PHUs) (top users in 2008 alone), and to build claims-based models to identify CHUs. Research Design: This is a retrospective cohort study. Logistic regression was used to predict being CHUs. Independent variables were derived from 2007 claims; 5 models with different sets of independent variables (prior costs, medications, diagnoses, medications and diagnoses, medications and diagnoses and prior costs) were constructed. Subjects: Three-year continuous enrollees aged from 18 to 62 years old from a large administrative database with $100 or more yearly costs (N=1,721,992). Measures: Correlation, overlap, and characteristics of top risk scorers derived from 5 CHUs models were presented. C-statistics, sensitivity, and positive predictive value were calculated. Results: CHUs were characterized by having increasing total and pharmacy costs over 2007-2009, and more baseline chronic and psychosocial conditions than PHUs. Individuals' risk scores derived from CHUs models were moderately correlated (∼0.6). The medication-only model performed better than the diagnosis-only model and the prior-cost model. Conclusions: Five models identified different individuals as potential CHUs. The recurrent medication utilization and a high prevalence of chronic and psychosocial conditions are important in differentiating CHUs from PHUs. For cost-saving interventions with long-term impacts or focusing on medication, CHUs may be better targets. ER  - 
Perceived stress and its predictors in people with epilepsy$$$ Objective Perceived stress in people with epilepsy (PWE) is one of the major precipitants for seizures. We investigated the degree of perceived stress in PWE and its predictors. We also aimed to reveal the interrelationships among the predictors. Methods This was a case–control study. Consecutive patients visiting a tertiary care epilepsy clinic completed self-reported questionnaires including the Perceived Stress Scale (PSS), Revised Stigma Scale (RSS), Korean version of the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (K-NDDI-E), Generalized Anxiety Disorder — 7 (GAD-7), and short forms of the Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System — Sleep Disturbance (PROMIS-SD) and Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System — Sleep-Related Impairment (PROMIS-SRI) scales. Results The mean score of the PSS was significantly lower in patients with well-controlled epilepsy (WCE) and higher in those with uncontrolled epilepsy compared with controls. Although several factors including demographic, socioeconomic, psychosomatic, and epilepsy-related factors were associated with the PSS score, the strongest predictor for the PSS score was the K-NDDI-E score, followed by the PROMIS-SRI score, the GAD-7 score, and seizure control. Psychosomatic factors exerted both a direct effect on the PSS score and an indirect effect on the PSS score through seizure control. Conclusion Rapid detection and appropriate management of psychiatric and sleep-related problems in PWE may lessen stress and aid in preventing further seizures. ER  - 
Physical comorbidities increase the risk of psychiatric comorbidity in multiple sclerosis$$$ Background: Risk factors for psychiatric comorbidity in multiple sclerosis (MS) are poorly understood. Objective: We evaluated the association between physical comorbidity and incident depression, anxiety disorder, and bipolar disorder in a MS population relative to a matched general population cohort. Methods: Using population-based administrative data from Alberta, Canada we identified 9624 persons with MS, and 41,194 matches. Using validated case definitions, we estimated the incidence of depression, anxiety disorder, and bipolar disorder, and their association with physical comorbidities using Cox regression, adjusting for age, sex, socioeconomic status, and index year. Results: In both populations, men had a lower risk of depression and anxiety disorders than women, as did individuals who were ≥45 years versus <45 years at the index date. The risk of bipolar disorder declined with increasing age. The risks of incident depression (HR 1.92; 1.82–2.04), anxiety disorders (HR 1.52; 1.42–1.63), and bipolar disorder (HR 2.67; 2.29–3.11) were higher in the MS population than the matched population. These associations persisted essentially unchanged after adjustment for covariates including physical comorbidities. Multiple physical comorbidities were associated with psychiatric disorders in both populations. Conclusion: Persons with MS are at increased risk of psychiatric comorbidity generally, and some physical comorbidities are associated with additional risk. ER  - 
Antidepressant Use after Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage: A Population-Based Case-Control Study$$$ Background and Purpose - To elucidate the predictors of antidepressant use after subarachnoid hemorrhage from saccular intracranial aneurysm (sIA-SAH) in a population-based cohort with matched controls. Methods - The Kuopio sIA database includes all unruptured and ruptured sIA cases admitted to the Kuopio University Hospital from its defined catchment population in Eastern Finland, with 3 matched controls for each patient. The use of all prescribed medicines has been fused from the Finnish national registry of prescribed medicines. In the present study, 2 or more purchases of antidepressant medication indicated antidepressant use. The risk factors of the antidepressant use were analyzed in 940 patients alive 12 months after sIA-SAH, and the classification tree analysis was used to create a predicting model for antidepressant use after sIA-SAH. Results - The 940 12-month survivors of sIA-SAH had significantly more antidepressant use (odds ratio, 2.6; 95% confidence interval, 2.2-3.1) than their 2676 matched controls (29% versus 14%). Classification tree analysis, based on independent risk factors, was used for the best prediction model of antidepressant use after sIA-SAH. Modified Rankin Scale until 12 months was the most potent predictor, followed by condition (Hunt and Hess Scale) and age on admission for sIA-SAH. Conclusions - The sIA-SAH survivors use significantly more often antidepressants, indicative of depression, than their matched population controls. Even with a seemingly good recovery (modified Rankin Scale score, 0) at 12 months after sIA-SAH, there is a significant risk of depression requiring antidepressant medication. ER  - 
Prevalence and socio-demographic determinants of tobacco, alcohol, substance use and drug misuse in general population in Turkey$$$ Introduction: The aim of the current study is to determine prevalence ratios of tobacco, alcohol, substance use and drug misuse in a large scale sample of general population and recognize related socio-demographic factors. Methods: The study was based on a cross-sectional survey conducted with a nationally representative sample of 8045 individuals with face-to-face, in-house interviews implemented by a trained team of interviewers. Results: Life-time prevalences of tobacco, alcohol, substance use and drug misuse are 51.8%, 28.3%, 2.8% and 10.5% respectively. Age, gender education level and marital status are important socio-demographic determinants for tobacco, alcohol use and drug misuse. Income level is an important determinant for alcohol and substance use. Conclusion: Tobacco, alcohol, substance use and drug misuse are significant health concerns in Turkey. Socio-demographic status is an important determinant of several aspects of tobacco, alcohol, substance use and drug misuse and should therefore be evaluated carefully to develop effective protective and preventive strategies. ER  - 
Effect of poly unsaturated fatty acids administration on children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a common disorder of childhood. Studies have indicated nutritional deficiencies, particularly Poly Unsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFA) deficiency in these children and have suggested supplementation with PUFA for clinical improvement. Aim: The present study aimed at evaluating the effect of PUFA administration in Indian children with ADHD. Settings and Design: The study was conducted in the paediatrics and psychiatry departments of a tertiary care hospital. We conducted a prospective double blind randomized control trial on children aged 4-11 years, diagnosed with ADHD according to DSM-IV TR criterias and Kiddie-Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia - Present and lifetime version. Materials and Methods: The study subjects were randomized into study and control groups. The control group was administered Atomoxetine, while the study group received Atomoxetine along with Eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and Docosahexanoic acid (DHA). Both groups were followed up every 2 weeks over the next 4 months using Conner’s Parent Rating Scale - Revised (CPRS-R). Statistical Analysis: The data was carefully analysed by SPSS (17thversion) software with the help of a statistician. Confidence interval of 95% was used. The complete data was analysed using appropriate parametric and non parametric tests. Correlation was done between various socio-demographic and illness related parameters. For all analyses, probability of 5% or less was assumed to represent statistical significance. Results: Fifty children diagnosed with ADHD were randomized to study group (n=25) and control group (n=25). The study group had greater reduction in ADHD scores as compared to the control group, although not statistically significant (p = 0.08). Improvement was more significant in male study subjects with combined type of ADHD. Conclusion: It may be concluded that PUFA supplementation improves the symptoms of ADHD. However, the effect is not clinically significant if supplementation is not given for prolonged duration and in adequate doses. ER  - 
Lacosamide use in children with epilepsy: Retention rate and effect of concomitant sodium channel blockers in a large cohort$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness of lacosamide (LCM) in pediatric patients, using time to treatment failure as the outcome measure, and to assess the impact of concomitant sodium channel blocker (SCB) use on LCM retention. Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study of patients <21 years old receiving LCM from 2010 to 2015. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were generated for time to LCM failure, defined as discontinuation of LCM or addition of another antiepileptic therapy. The impact of concomitant use of traditional SCB agents (phenytoin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, and/or lamotrigine) and other factors including age, seizure types, fast drug titration, and prior antiepileptic drug history were evaluated using Cox regression. Results: The analysis cohort included 223 patients, of whom 116 were taking one or more SCBs, with median follow-up of 7.4 months (1–53 months). For all patients, the probability of remaining on LCM without addition of another therapy was 44.7% at 12 months and 25.6% at 24 months. Concomitant SCB use was an independent predictor of time to LCM failure (hazard ratio [HR] 1.91, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.38–2.65, p < 0.001).Although treatment emergent adverse effects were reported more often in patients taking SCB (65% vs. 39%, p < 0.001), intolerability was rarely the sole reason cited for LCM discontinuation, and SCB use was strongly associated with LCM failure, even when controlling for presence of treatment emergent adverse effects (adjusted HR 1.99, 95% CI 1.36–2.90, p < 0.001). Significance: This study provides observational evidence for treatment persistence of LCM in children, in a large cohort with long-term follow-up, using time to treatment failure as the outcome measure. Concomitant SCB use was a key factor increasing risk of LCM failure, but not due to treatment-emergent adverse effects alone. ER  - 
Spectrum and Outcome of Phenylketonuria (PKU) in India$$$ BACKGROUND: PKU is a group of disorders of Phenylalanine metabolism including PAH defect and other pterin metabolism disorders. In absence of nationwide NBS programme or registry we do not have any incidence. It is believed that PKU is more common in south India. Objective To study the spectrum and outcome of symptomatically detected PKU of various types in India. Methods: This is a retrospective study of 19 patients over last 16 years. Biochemical analysis was performed, including plasma aminoacids, urine aminoacids, GC/MS of urine, urine Pterins, blood DHPR enzyme and in appropriate cases CSF Pterins and in some cases CSF Neurotransmitters. Results Out of 19(M = 12; F = 7), 14 had history of consanguinity(73.6 %). Classical PKU(10), GTPCH(AR) (3), PTPS def(1), DHPR Def(5). The youngest patient was 1.5 months and the eldest was 37 years old. The common clinical presenting symptoms were developmental delay(18), microcephaly( 18), hypo pigmented hair and skin(12), seizures(7), dystonia(3) and Autism with ADHD(1). One child expired of unknown cause at the age of 4 months. 10 patients were lost for follow up and 9 were under therapy and regular follow up. Discusssion: Of 9 patients who are under follow-up, normal development was seen with no seizures and disappearance of hypo pigmentation( 3), (2 Classical PKU and 1 DHPR Def), with gain in milestones and reduction in seizure frequency and dystonia(4) (1 Classical PKU, 2 GTPCH and 1 DHPR Def), and reduced seizure frequency but no change in behavior(2) (DHPR Def sibs). In India the PKU diets were not easily available and were very costly before 2014. Now one local company produces diet. Biopterin & Kuvan are not available. All the patients were treated with low protein diet and supplementation of AA formula. Those treated early and had good compliance, had better outcome. Even the 37 yrs old patient showed response to diet initially but later he could not continue due to financial constraints. ER  - 
Paediatric polysomnography-the nine year experience of a sleep laboratory$$$ Objective: To describe our clinical experience in paediatric PSG. Methods: Retrospective study of children (< 18 years) who underwent PSG between 2007 and 2015. Scoring of respiratory events was made in accordance with the recommended criteria of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine. Subjects with an apnoea/ hypopnoea index (AHI) ≥1 were defined to have OSAS. Results: One hundred and sixty five subjects were identified: 61.8% were boys, mean age of 7.6 years old. PSG were performed for suspected OSAS (83.6%), exclusion of OSAS in children with suspected attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and with epilepsy (8.5% and 1.2%, respectively), study of insomnia (1.2%), suspicion of parasomnias (4.8%) and suspicion of restless legs syndrome (0.6%). Snoring was documented in 83.5% of cases. Sixty six children (41.25%) presented an AHI ≥1, confirming OSAS. The minimal SpO2 was < 90% in 45% of children with OSAS, with the average time with a SpO2 < 90% being 9.7 minutes. Almost all OSAS patients presented snoring (94%), neck hyperextension was documented in 24% of cases and diaphoresis in 9%. Also, 12% of children were previously diagnosed with ADHD. Regarding the severity, 68% had an AHI of 1-4.9 (mild OSAS), 15% of 5-9.9 (moderate) and 17% ≥10 (severe). Conclusions: Early identification and treatment is desirable to prevent sequelae. Asking about snoring is a sensitive screening measure. Adenotonsillectomy is the first line treatment. If the child does not have adenotonsillar hypertrophy, the surgery is contraindicated or has failed, continuous positive airway pressure is the treatment of choice. ER  - 
Chronic barbiturates use in epilepsy after brain surgery: Detrimental effects on REM sleep and total sleep time$$$ Good-quality sleep is essential for patients with epilepsy; sleep can be affected by seizures, concurrent sleep disorders and seizure treatment (as many antiepileptic drugs are modulators of sleep). Phenobarbital, used for the treatment of epilepsy could be beneficial in patients who have trouble falling asleep or who frequent nocturnal awakenings; there are, however, potential detrimental effects on sleep macrostructure as well, because have been shown to depress REM sleep (maximal effect in the first REM cycle), with maximal deep sleep early and maximal REM sleep late in the night (Wolf et al. 1985) We describe the case of an adult female patient with antecedent surgical resection of oligodendroglioma and chronic symptomatic epilepsy with simple partial seizures, characterized from paresthetic symptoms, treated by levetiracetam 500 mg/day and phenobarbital 50 mg/day for 8 years; the patient reported a very good recovery and outcome (nor seizure, neither mood disorders), no tumour relapses, but a significant reduction in total sleep time (TST) and early morning awakening, without daytime symptoms. A nocturnal recording documented the reduced total sleep time (253 min) for early awakening and a marked reduction of REM sleep (5.7% of TST). As reported from Wolf et al., maximal REM reduction was in the first sleep cycle. Despite its macrostructural sleep changes, the patient reported normal dream recall. Considering the limitations of a single case report, we suggest to evaluate nocturnal sleep structure in patients treated with phenobarbital. Particular attention should be paid to shortening of total sleep time and early morning awakening. ER  - 
Associations between exemption and survival outcomes in the UK's primary care pay-for-performance programme: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Objectives The UK's Quality and Outcomes Framework permits practices to exempt patients from financially-incentivised performance targets. To better understand the determinants and consequences of being exempted from the framework, we investigated the associations between exception reporting, patient characteristics and mortality. We also quantified the proportion of exempted patients that met quality targets for a tracer condition (diabetes). Design Retrospective longitudinal study, using individual patient data from the Clinical Practice Research Datalink. Setting 644 general practices, 2006/7 to 2011/12. Participants Patients registered with study practices for at least one year over the study period, with at least one condition of interest (2 460 341 in total). Main outcome measures Exception reporting rates by reason (clinical contraindication, patient dissent); all-cause mortality in year following exemption. Analyses with logistic and Cox proportional-hazards regressions, respectively. Results The odds of being exempted increased with age, deprivation and multimorbidity. Men were more likely to be exempted but this was largely attributable to higher prevalence of conditions with high exemption rates. Modest associations remained, with women more likely to be exempted due to clinical contraindication (OR 0.90, 99% CI 0.88 to 0.92) and men more likely to be exempted due to informed dissent (OR 1.08, 99% CI 1.06 to 1.10). More deprived areas (both for practice location and patient residence) were non-linearly associated with higher exception rates, after controlling for comorbidities and other covariates, with stronger associations for clinical contraindication. Compared with patients with a single condition, odds ratios for patients with two, three, or four or more conditions were respectively 4.28 (99% CI 4.18 to 4.38), 16.32 (99% CI 15.82 to 16.83) and 68.69 (99% CI 66.12 to 71.37) for contraindication, and 2.68 (99% CI 2.63 to 2.74), 4.02 (99% CI 3.91 to 4.13) and 5.17 (99% CI 5.00 to 5.35) for informed dissent. Exempted patients had a higher adjusted risk of death in the following year than non-exempted patients, regardless of whether this exemption was for contraindication (hazard ratio 1.37, 99% CI 1.33 to 1.40) or for informed dissent (1.20, 99% CI 1.17 to 1.24). On average, quality standards were met for 48% of exempted patients in the diabetes domain, but there was wide variation across indicators (ranging from 8 to 80%). Conclusions Older, multimorbid and more deprived patients are more likely to be exempted from the scheme. Exception reported patients are more likely to die in the following year, whether they are exempted by the practice for a contraindication or by themselves through informed dissent. Further research is needed to understand the relationship between exception reporting and patient outcomes. ER  - 
Challenges in the first seizure clinic for adult patients with epilepsy$$$ Aims. (1) To delineate the challenges in seizure diagnosis in the first seizure clinic setting for adult patients of a teaching hospital, and (2) quantify the diagnostic accuracy of the referral source and the yield of routine investigations, including blood tests, EEGs, and neuroimaging. Methods.We retrospectively reviewed medical records of patients referred by theemergency department to the adult first seizure clinic and seen by the same epilepsy specialist between June 2007 and June 2011. The diagnostic accuracy in the emergency department was calculated by comparing with the final diagnosis made by an epilepsy specialist. Results. In total, 219 patientswere referred to the first seizure clinic. Median age was 45 and 60% of patients were male. From the cohort, 38 (17%) patients presented with seizure mimickers; the most common were reflex syncope (74%) and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (16%). From the remaining 181 patients presenting with seizures, only 110 (61%) of these patients were diagnosed with true first seizures, and 71 (39%) patients had evidence of previous seizures. Nineteen (17%) of true first-ever seizures were provoked. The most frequent cause of provoked seizures was alcohol and illicit drugs (65%). In the emergency department, sensitivity and specificity in seizure diagnosis were 0.74 and 0.32, respectively. In our true first seizure patients, the EEG demonstrated epileptiform discharges in 22 (21%) patients. In the same cohort, computed tomography and magnetic resonance neuroimaging conferred 16% and 20% probability of finding a potentially epileptogenic structural abnormality, respectively. The most common epileptogenic abnormality found on magnetic resonance neuroimaging was cortical infarct. Conclusions. The diagnosis and management of first seizure remains challenging due to the variety of seizure mimickers and low yield of investigations. Our data highlight the potential pitfalls and practical challenges in this process, as well as the need for these patients to be assessed in dedicated first seizure clinics. ER  - 
Role of neuraxial analgesia/anesthesia in spine surgery$$$ The anaesthetic and analgesic management of patients undergoing spine surgery depends on the location and type of the surgical procedure as well as on the patient's spine disease and co-morbidities. Neuraxial Anaesthesia: General anaesthesia is by far the most frequently used anaesthetic technique for common spinal surgical procedures such as micro-discectomy and lumbar laminectomy. There is an overall greater acceptance for general anaesthesia by patients. There is a greater ability for the duration of an operation to be extended when using general anaesthesia. Anaesthesiologists also prefer general anaesthesia because a secure airway is established prior to placing the patient in prone position [Sadrolsadat]. Nevertheless, some studies exist using regional (epidural, spinal, or combined) anaesthesia in lumber spine surgeries, such as simple L1/L2 lumber decompression surgeries [McLain, Fernandez, Schuster, Nicassio, Macario]. In recent years, spinal and epidural anaesthesia methods have also been proven to be effective and reliable for lumbar disc and laminectomy surgeries. Both regional and general anaesthesia are considered appropriate and effective anaesthetic approaches since no clear superior technique in terms of morbidity or mortality has been shown [Chen]. However, many studies do suggest shortterm, secondary benefits of regional over general anaesthesia, which include better pain management with reduced analgesic need, improved patient perioperative haemodynamic profiles, reduced bleeding, and a decreased incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting [Jellish, De Rojas, Demirel, Attari]. In addition, regional anaesthesia techniques have a positive impact on costs and improve operating room efficiency. Regional anaesthesia can contribute to health budget savings and allow short spinal procedures to be completed with greater effectiveness, reliability and cost efficiency, without affecting the success rate of the surgical procedure [Ulutas]. On the other hand, there are several absolute and relative contraindications to regional anaesthesia. These include: patient refusal, severe or multilevel spinal stenosis, history of seizures, history of intracranial hypertension, coagulopathy, infection at site of needle puncture, hypovolemia, and arachnoiditis [Attari]. It is also important to note that the anaesthetic approach should definitively be based on the patient's, surgeon's and anaesthesiologist's comfort with the technique. Percutaneous procedures such as vertebroplasty or kyphoplasty are new minimal invasive techniques designed to consolidate pathologic vertebral bodies through the injection of orthopaedic cement under fluoroscopic guidance. These procedures are short (about one hour) but painful during vertebral puncture and cement injection. Each severe painful moment of percutaneous vertebroplasty last about five minutes. Different anaesthesia techniques have been proposed for pain control during these procedures, but all have important limitations. On one side, general anaesthesia carries its own risks in very old patients with many co-morbidities, and on the other side sedative analgesia with opioids such as remifentanil and benzodiazepines or propofol can be hazardous especially with patients in prone position, because conventional systemic opioid administration entails the potential risk of respiratory depression. Aviable option is the single-shot epidural anaesthesia. Using this approach excellent segmental analgesia can be achieved. It can be preformed in every level including thoracal and lumber, providing that the patient can bring himself into prone position and the neurologic function continues to be checked by the surgeon [Kessler]. Taking into account the contraindications, especially anticoagulant use, single-shot epidural anaesthesia consisting of ropivacaine and an opioid is safe, effective and a recommended alternative in these operations. Neuraxial Analgesia: Pain management can be a considerable challenge. Thoracic and lumbar spine procedures may be associated with significant postoperative pain. A multimodal approach to analgesia is recommended, a combination use of simple primary analgesics, opioids and regional anaesthesia techniques were found appropriate. A multimodal approach (also termed balanced analgesia) involves the use of more than one analgesic compound or modality for pain control, in order to achieve an opioid-sparing effect by obtaining additive or even synergistic analgesic effects meanwhile minimizing adverse events. It is currently the gold standard for postoperative pain management [Buvanendran]. Opioids still remain as the mainstay treatment for moderate to severe pain. A multimodal concept includes both pre- and postoperative oral controlledrelease narcotics, preoperative methadone (0.2 mg/kg), perioperative oral pregabalin (150 mg pre-op and 12 hours post-op), and local anaesthetic wound infiltration have been shown to improve patient pain and decrease systemic narcotic side effects [Blumenthal, Ersayli, Gottschalk, Kim]. In patients requiring chronic narcotics preoperatively, intraoperative ketamine (0.5 μg/kg on induction, 10 μg/kg/min infusion) has also been shown to effectively decrease pain scores and narcotic use in both the early and late postoperative period [Loftus]. Many patients have already pre-existing chronic pain conditions. As initial postoperative analgesia, it is useful to restart, if possible, all analgesics the patient was receiving preoperatively. Undoubtedly, the patient's analgesic requirements will increase postoperatively and additional therapy will be required. Studies and meta-analyzes on epidural forms of analgesia however demonstrate to be superior to any systemic opioids, completely independent to the surgical procedure. It results in better pain management and therefore a smaller need for analgesics. [Capdevila, Richman]. And by avoiding opioid-induced side effects such as nausea and vomiting (PONV) patient satisfaction is higher after an epidural catheter. In addition to a better analgesia, epidural administration of a local anaesthetic ± an opioid have positive effects on gastrointestinal motility, reduced occurrence of postoperative myocardial ischa6emia (Beattie), and also associated with reduced pulmonary complications as well as morbidity and mortality. Particular advantages of an epidural catheter are that it is continuous and patient-controlled. Due to reduced side effects, a lesser need for pain medication and higher patient comfort provided between each given bolus or the ability to receive medication continuously make “patient-controlled epidural analgesia” (PCEA) a superior choice (Wu). After large spinal procedures postoperative epidural analgesia has also been shown to bemore effective compared to intravenous patient controlled analgesia (PCA) for anterior as well as posterior surgical approaches in both children and adults [Schenk]. The main benefit of epidural analgesia lies in the significant pain reduction and therefore more rapid postoperative patient mobilization. Also, avoided are typical opioid systemic side effects like nausea, vomiting and dizziness. Already in 1984, the initial studies had shown the benefits of epidural administration of buprenorphine compared to intramuscular morphine. (Murphy). The first reported experiences of intraoperative epidural catheter system use in lumbar spinal fusion surgeries occurred in 1991 (Otto). Benefits include earlier recovery of bowel function, mobilization, shorter hospital stay, improved pain control at rest and with movement, reduced nausea, vomiting, and puritis (Tobias, Van Boerum). Prospective randomized studies show that by using an epidural catheter with local anaesthetics and opioids for the first 48hrs, without occurrence of complications and side effects, can reduce the systemic opioid consumption by more than 20%. Meanwhile, it not a widely used technique. [Choi]. Furthermore, Klatt shows a comparison of three different postoperative pain therapy methods after long lasting spondylodesis and the superiority of a peridural catheter over intravenous patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) (Klatt). The standard surgical approach in spinal surgery is through a surgical incision in the back (posterior), therefore the surgeon places the epidural catheter at the end of the operation. Since placement occurs under visual control the potential risks, especially epidural bleeding, should occur less than in the conventional transcutaneous placement. When the surgical incision approach is either ventral or transthoracic then the peridural catheter is placed preoperative by the anesthesiologist. In patients undergoing anterior scoliosis surgery preoperative catheter placement is considered challenging and potentially risky, particularly in inexperienced hands. In the scoliostic spine, the vertebral bodies are rotated in the axial plane, with their spinous processes facing into the concavity of the curve. Percutaneous catheter insertion requires modification of the standard median approach to the epidural space (Wenk). In spinal surgery patients with postoperative peridural catheters the neurologic function should be more closely evaluated, visits and inspections should be documented in detail. Equally important is preoperative documentation of already existing neurological dysfunction. By higher-level preoperative neurologic deficits, the indication for peridural catheter placement needs to critically be evaluated because of the postoperative difficulty to assess deficits. New encountered motor or sensory deficits after pre- or intraoperative peridural catheter placement require the administration of local anaesthetics to be stopped immediately, since the deficits not only can occur by the action of the local anaesthetics but also by any local complications such as e.g. postoperative haematoma. ER  - 
A 20 Year Practice Review of Electroconvulsive Therapy for Adolescents$$$ Objective: Clinical reviews of practice outcomes of adolescent patients who have received electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remain relatively rare. This study reports the clinic practice and outcome of adolescents receiving ECT at a tertiary medical center. Methods: From April 1991 through November 2013, 51 adolescents (30 female; mean [SD] age, 16.8 [1.6] years) received ECT. The electronic medical record at the time of the first ECT session was reviewed for the clinical diagnosis, ECT lead placement and general administration, seizure duration, adverse effects, concurrent medications, and clinical outcome. Results: ECT was recommended for primary mood and psychotic disorders or catatonia. Patients received a mean (SD) of 9.3 (3.5) treatments, with initial bitemporal lead placement in 36 patients (71%). Thirty-nine patients (77%) were much or very much improved based on Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement scale at the end of the acute treatment. Prolonged seizure duration (>120 seconds) was relatively common (63%) but appeared to decrease in older patients. Conclusions: This report describes the largest group of adolescents receiving ECT since 1947, and supports ECT as a safe and effective modality for most treatment-recalcitrant psychiatric illness in youth. ER  - 
Seizure Induced by Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in an Adolescent with Depression$$$ Objective: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) with an H-1 coil was recently approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA) for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) in adults. Studies assessing the safety and effectiveness of deep TMS in adolescent TRD are lacking. The purpose of this brief report is to provide a case history of an adolescent enrolled in an investigational deep TMS protocol. Methods: A case history is described of the first participant of a sham-controlled clinical trial who had a seizure in the course of deep TMS with parameter settings extrapolated from the adult studies that led to US FDA approval (H-1 coil, 120% target stimulation intensity, 18 Hz, 55 trains of 2-second duration, total 1980 pulses). Results: The participant was a 17-year-old unmedicated female, with no significant medical history and no history of seizures or of drug or alcohol use. Brain magnetic resonance imaging showed no structural abnormalities. She initially received sham, which was well tolerated. During active treatment sessions, titration began at 85% of motor threshold (MT) and increased by 5% per day. Her weekly MT measurements were stable. On her first day of 120% MT (8th active treatment), during the 48th train, the participant had a generalized, tonic-clonic seizure that lasted 90 seconds and resolved spontaneously. She had an emergency medicine evaluation and was discharged home without anticonvulsant medications. There were no further seizures reported at a 6-month follow-up. Conclusions: We report a deep TMS-induced generalized tonic-clonic seizure in an adolescent with TRD participating in a clinical trial. Given the demonstrated benefits of deep TMS for adult TRD, research investigating its use in adolescents with TRD is an important area. However, in light of this experience, additional precautions for adolescents should be considered. We propose that further dose-finding investigations are needed to refine adolescent-specific parameters that may be safe and effective for treating adolescents with TRD with deep TMS. ER  - 
MS patient characteristics and healthcare resource utilization from administrative databases: Real-world evidence from Alberta, Canada$$$ Objectives: Alberta has one of the highest rates of multiple sclerosis (MS) in the world with a prevalence of 1:400. This study's objective is to determine the real-world impact of adherence to MS therapy on healthcare resource utilization outcomes from administrative data captured by the Alberta health system. Methods: The patient cohort consisted of individuals who met the MS Case Definition: ≥1 inpatient record or ≥5 practitioner claims within 2 years. The study index disease-modifying therapy (DMT) was defined as the first claim for a DMT during the observation period (1April2011 to 31March2014). A preliminary analysis on the cohort demographics and clinical characteristics has been conducted. Analyses on the impact of adherence to DMT on healthcare resource utilization will be performed. Results: A total of 2864 MS patients were identified with a DMT claim between 1April2011 to 31March2014. The population comprised of 74% females and 26% males. The most common age category was 35-55 years of age (62%), followed by < 35 (25%), 55-65 (12%) and >65 (1.5%) years of age. The highest proportions of patients were from Calgary (37%) and Edmonton (34%) followed by the Central zone (13%), North zone (9%) and South zone (7%). The most common comorbidities included: depression (31%), anxiety (18%) and hypertension (10%) with < 5% of the cohort identified as having each of the following conditions: chronic lung disease, hyperlipidemia, bipolar disorder, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, ischemic stroke, ischemic heart disease and epilepsy. Conclusions: The demographics and clinical characteristics of the study population aligns with the description of patients from other MS administrative database research in Canada. Further analysis of the impact of adherence to DMTs on healthcare resource utilization will be conducted to inform the health system in Alberta. ER  - 
Classification criteria for neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus: The discussion continues!$$$ Background: We present the results from our study of neuropsychiatric manifestations in 225 Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients. Based on these results we propose a new set of criteria for NPSLE. The use of these criteria for the last 5 years in Bulgarian SLE patients proved their high sensitivity and specificity. Methods: In order to determine the type and incidence of nervous system (NS) damages clinical, laboratory, and instrumental examinations were performed in a total number of 225 SLE patients for a total period of 9 years. Depending on the specific features of the clinical course the patients were divided into three groups: with clinically manifested NS damages, without clinically manifested NS damages and with incomplete SLE. Patients with rheumatoid arthritis and healthy controls matched for age and gender were used as controls. Results: 64.44% of the SLE patients had neuropsychiatric manifestations, 49.33% had cognitive dysfunctions. According to the proposed set of criteria the diagnosis of NPSLE should be made in the presence of at least one indicator from the first group of criteria (seizures, psychosis, cerebrovascular event, lesion of cranial nerves, motor disturbances, quantitative alterations of consciousness) and at least two indicators from the second group of criteria (cognitive dysfunction, headache due to lupus, peripheral neuropathy, MRI changes, EEG changes, ENMG changes, positive aRPA, positive aPL) after excluding other causes than SLE for their occurrence. Conclusions: The use of the proposed criteria of NPSLE with high specificity and sensitivity allows earlier detection of NS damages and introduction of pathogenic treatment. ER  - 
Risk of seizure associated with use of acid-suppressive drugs: An observational cohort study$$$ Objectives Previous, large, prescription-event monitoring studies in patients receiving PPI therapy recorded instances of convulsion or seizure. The objective of this study was to quantify the relative risk of seizure associated with the use of proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) and histamine-2 receptor antagonists (H2RAs) in a general population, overall and stratified by epilepsy status, and to determine the effects of demographics and comorbidities. Methods In this observational study (NCT01744301), patients aged 20–84 years in the study period from 1 January 2005 to 31 December 2011 were identified from The Health Improvement Network. In a nested case–control analysis, 8605 patients with seizure were matched to 40 000 controls. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using logistic regression. Results After adjustment, there were no associations between current PPI use and seizure risk in the overall population (OR: 1.05; 95% CI: 0.87–1.27), the subcohort with epilepsy (OR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.49–1.53), and the subcohort without epilepsy (OR: 1.05; 95% CI: 0.87–1.28). There were no associations between current H2RA use and seizure risk in the overall population (OR: 1.16; 95% CI: 0.62–2.18) and the subcohort without epilepsy (OR: 1.02; 95% CI: 0.51–2.01). Seizures were less frequent in women than in men. Dementia/psychosis, anxiety, depression, and use of anxiolytics, antidepressants, and paracetamol were associated with an increased seizure risk. Conclusions Our study revealed that the use of PPIs and the use of H2RAs were not associated with an increased risk of seizures in the overall population or in the cohorts stratified by epilepsy status. ER  - 
Optimal time of duration of a long-term video-EEG monitoring in paroxysmal events – A retrospective analysis of 282 sessions in 202 patients$$$ Purpose To find the optimal duration of the long-term video-EEG (LTM) and assess diagnostics utility of LTM in patients with epilepsy and other paroxysmal events in terms of future diagnosis and management. Methods Retrospective analysis of 282 LTMs performed in the last 5 years in our Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU), in 202 consecutive patients. The analysis included demographic data, monitoring time, number and type of paroxysmal events, the time until their onset, influence of LTM result on the diagnosis and future management. Results There were 117 women and 85 men, mean age 34.2 years. Mean duration of LTM was 5 days (3–9), with 447 paroxysmal events recorded in 131 (65%) patients. Epileptic seizures were recorded in 82% cases (in 11% associated with PNES). The remaining 18% had either PNES (psychogenic non-epileptic seizures) – 11%, or parasomnias – 7%. Only 15% of epileptic seizures took place within the first 24 h of the LTM (53% and 32% on the 2nd and 3rd day, respectively), whereas as many as 62% of PNES did (while only 28% and 10% on the 2nd and 3rd day, respectively). The LTM results changed the diagnosis in 36% of the patients, most frequently in PNES (from 2% to 14%). Altogether, it changed the management in 64% of the patients – particularly with PNES and those who underwent epilepsy surgery. Conclusions LTM should last at least 72 h in patients with refractory epilepsy. Most of cases with PNES could be diagnosed after 48 h. ER  - 
Risk factors of ifosfamide-related encephalopathy in adult patients with cancer: A retrospective analysis$$$ Background/Purpose Ifosfamide, a widely used chemotherapeutic agent, has been frequently associated with encephalopathy. A larger-scale study was conducted to identify risk factors of ifosfamide-related encephalopathy, including hepatic function. Methods Adult patients who had completed at least one cycle of ifosfamide between January 2008 and December 2010 were included. Those with renal failure or liver failure were excluded. Data were collected through chart review. Patients with encephalopathy and patients without encephalopathy were compared on age, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status (PS), baseline serum creatinine (SCr) level, albumin level, white blood cell count, liver function, brain metastasis, and dosage of ifosfamide. Chi-square test or Fisher's exact test, Student t test, and univariate and multivariate logistic regressions were used for analysis. Results This study enrolled 337 patients. Thirty-eight patients (11%) had ifosfamide-related encephalopathy. They had poorer ECOG PS; higher SCr level, white blood cell count, and aspartate aminotransferase level; and lower serum albumin level compared with patients without encephalopathy. Ifosfamide dosage, brain metastasis, and age were not significant risk factors. Multivariate analysis indicated that only ECOG PS, SCr level, and albumin level contributed significantly to the risk. Conclusion To date, this is the largest-scale study to have analyzed the risk factors of ifosfamide-related encephalopathy. This study confirms that an ECOG PS of 2–4 and increased SCr level are significant risk factors of ifosfamide-related encephalopathy, whereas increased albumin level decreases the risk, consistent with previous reports. Higher aspartate aminotransferase levels have no significant impact. In contrast to previous studies, ifosfamide dosage and brain metastasis are not significant contributing factors. ER  - 
Recovery in acute inpatient rehabilitation for pediatric anti-n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis: A case report$$$ Case/Program Description: A previously healthy 17-year-old female presented to Acute Pediatric Rehabilitation after diagnosis of Anti-Nmethyl- D-aspartate receptor encephalitis, a rare autoimmune disorder often associated with ovarian teratomas. The patient experienced a typical constellation of neurologic symptoms including psychosis, seizures, and progression to autonomic dysfunction, ataxia, paresis, and catatonia. The patient was enrolled in aggressive therapy in the inpatient setting after diagnosis and medical treatment in order to improve the physical and cognitive sequelae of the disorder. Setting: Acute Pediatric Inpatient Rehabilitation. Results: This patient initially presented with acute psychosis which progressed to unresponsive catatonia while in an inpatient psychiatric unit after a prodromal flu-like illness. After an initial work up to explore psychological, intracranial and infectious etiologies, an LP showed pleocytosis with lymphocyte predominance. The patient was started on acyclovir for viral encephalitis with dystonic storming. After seizing with worsened neurologic status, the patient was found to be NMDA-receptor Ab serum positive, and a grade II ovarian teratoma was found and emergently removed. After surgery, plasmapheresis, IVIG, and rituximab, the patient presented to acute rehab with significantly limited function after a 3-month hospital course. Initially, the patient was unable to vocalize and required assistance for ADLs due to cognitive deficits, poor endurance, and weakness. The AIR hospitalization focused on an interdisciplinary approach, including psychological support for the patient's family. After a 3-week course, the patient improved to supervision level for mobility, ADLs and IADLs. Cognitive function and speech significantly improved by the time of discharge, allowing the patient to safely return home under parental supervision. Discussion: Interdisciplinary resources available in an acute rehabilitation setting allowed this patient to improve significantly in both function and safety at the time of discharge. The family significantly benefitted from coordination of care in order to transition home. The rehabilitation team's ability to utilize broad therapeutic methods assisted this patient to progress to a safe discharge. Conclusions: An acute inpatient rehabilitation course can be of benefit to patients and families after severe neurologic decline due to Anti-NMDA encephalitis, as individuals often have significant deficits from the disease as well as due to the extended hospitalization associated with diagnosis and treatment. ER  - 
Clinical effectiveness and cognitive impact of electroconvulsive therapy for schizophrenia: A large retrospective study$$$ Objective: This study's goal was to describe the clinical effectiveness and cognitive effects of ECT in a large clinical sample of patients with schizophrenia and explore factors associated with treatment response (TR) and cognitive impairment (CI). Background: At present, there is limited evidence to support the use of ECT in schizophrenia. Many studies supporting its application use old technology or antipsychotics that are not reflective of modern clinical practice. Method: We examined the clinical records of 144 patients with a clinical diagnosis of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder, who received 171 acute courses of ECT, to determine their TR and CI from ECT. We explored the impact of various factors upon TR and CI; including ECT indication, clinical characteristics, medication during ECT and technical parameters. Results: Treatment with ECT resulted in a 76.7% response rate. Factors associated with TR were non-treatment with anti-epileptic medication (17.9% vs 3.9%, p = 0.0071), a previous good response to ECT (36.4% vs 15.4%, p = 0.0174), and primary indication for ECT referral other than failed pharmacotherapy (89.7% vs 69.8%, p = 0.0174). Factors not associated with TR included age (p = 0.1355), clozapine treatment (p = 0.8552), and benzodiazepine treatment (p = 0.4887). Treatment with ECT caused CI in 9% of patients and no factors were associated with CI. Conclusion: This work demonstrates ECT's effectiveness for schizophrenia treatment, and several factors associated with TR. The rate of CI is lower than expected based upon the CI seen in ECT for depression. ECT appears to be an effective treatment option for schizophrenia tolerated by the majority of patients. ER  - 
Adding fentanyl to sodium-thiopental (STP) or propofol anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): A pilot study$$$ Objective: researchers have proposed new strategies to improve the outcome of ECT and to minimize adverse effects. STP, propofol and methohexitone remain the most used induction agents. There is no clear evidence for the superiority of any of these drugs. Fentanyl is useful as adjunct to reduce the dose of induction agent. We examined the effects of adding fentanyl to STP or propofol anesthesia on seizure duration, outcome and hemodynamics during ECT. Background: Despite of appropriate antidepressant treatment, 30-40% of patients don't achieve improvement. Our Mood Disorder Unit treats about 600 inpatients per year, 4% undergo ECT for treatment resistant depression (TRD), a condition that increases morbidity and mortality. Methods: between 2009 and 2012, 56 inpatients undergoing bilateral bitemporal ECT twice/week with MECTA spectrum device. They received IV fentanyl bolus (0.5-1.0mcg/Kg) and STP or propofol, then IV succinylcholine bolus (0.5-1mg/Kg). We collected clinical data and pre/intra/post operative evaluation. Results: 36(64%) females, 20(36%) males, 60T12.1 years old. 31(55%) patients received STP 2-2.5mg/kg and 25(45%) propofol 1-1.5mg/kg. Seizure occurrence at first treatment was significant higher in patients treated with STP (25vs13, p = 0.02) with comparable charge (100-110mC); seizure duration was significant longer with STP (35s vs 11s, p = 0.04). No adverse events were recorded. No different outcome. Conclusions: Our experience confirms literature data: fentanyl premedication allows a lower dose both of STP and propofol. This produces a better ECT outcome and a lower risk of side effects. STP shows a stronger convulsive effect than propofol. ER  - 
Effectiveness of ECT in schizophrenia: A comparison of bitemporal (Age Based Dosing), bitemporal (Seizure Titration) and right unilateral ECT$$$ Objective: To evaluate the naturalistic effectiveness and cognitive side effects of 3 ECT modalities: Bitemporal aged based dosing (BT-A), Bitemporal Seizure Titration (BT-ST) and Right Unilateral (RUL) in treating Schizophrenia in a large Asian state asylum (IMH). Background: ECT is an effective option for treatment resistant schizophrenia but there is little research in the relative efficacies and cognitive side effects of modern ECT modalities in schizophrenia. Methods: Inpatients admitted involuntarily in IMH with schizophrenia and treated with ECT (Thymatron Systems IV- Somatics) from Jan - Dec 2015 were assessed. During this period the ECT services transitioned from BT-A to RUL and then BT-ST treatments for patients with schizophrenia. The pre/post ECT Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS), Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) and Clinical Global Impression-Severity (CGI-S) scores were compared with t-tests with pG0.05. Results: Conclusions: All 3 ECT modalities were effective in treating schizophrenia but BT-ST shows a trend for more robust effectiveness and less cognitive side effects. These findings should be confirmed in a randomized controlled trial. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Retrospective analysis of levetiracetam dosing in neurosurgical patients for seizure prophylaxis$$$ Introduction: For patients presenting with subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) or traumatic brain injury (TBI), levetiracetam has begun to emerge as a preferred alternative to phenytoin for seizure prophylaxis following initial presentation. However, the optimal dose of levetiracetam has not been determined. Methods: A retrospective review of electronic medical records identified patients that received levetiracetam for seizure prophylaxis for SAH or TBI in a level one trauma center from May 12, 2014 to October 30, 2015. The goal of this research was to quantify the combined seizure incidence (including both clinically observed seizures and those confirmed by electroencephalogram) in patients receiving levetiracetam 500 mg twice daily compared to levetiracetam > 1000 mg total daily dose. Results: Among 139 patients captured, 50% were male, with a mean age of 53 years old. For patients receiving levetiracetam doses > 1000 mg total daily dose, 77/78 patients received 1000 mg twice daily. A higher seizure incidence was observed, 11.5% vs 1.3%, in patients receiving levetiracetam 500 mg twice daily compared to levetiracetam doses > 1000 mg total daily dose, respectively (7/61 vs 1/78 patients, p=0.01). This was observed despite no difference in potential confounders, including history of alcoholism (9/61 vs 15/78, p=0.49), benzodiazepine use (40/61 vs 57/78, p=0.28), or propofol use (38/61 vs 49/78, p=0.17). A trend towards increased levetiracetam failure rates was observed in the lower dosing scheme of 500 mg twice daily. This was captured by the following: higher rates of levetiracetam dose escalation (12/61 vs 4/78, p=0.01), addition of other antiepileptic agents (6/61 vs 6/78, p=0.25), and number of electroencephalograms ordered (22 vs 16, p=0.18). No difference in adverse effects were observed (anemia 1/61 vs 3/78, p=0.44; thrombocytopenia 1/61 vs 1/78, p=0.86). Conclusions: Our project suggests that patients may benefit from a standardized levetiracetam dosing scheme of 1000 mg twice daily. ER  - 
Morbidity and Comorbidity of Deep Brain Stimulation - A Fourteen-Years Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Objective: To assess the surgical morbidity and comorbidity in patients with various disease entities of movement disorders epilepsy and obsessive-compulsive disorders that underwent deep brain stimulation (DBS) in a single DBS center of Taiwan. Methods: From Feb 2002 to May 2016, a total of 191 patients in our institute were included for analyzed retrospectively. All patients underwent standard DBS procedures with intra-operative microelectrode recordings. Results: Among surgical morbidity, symptomatic hemorrhage 2.1% (4/191), lead mal-positioned 2.6%(5/191) and hardware infection 2.6% (3/191). There had no surgical related mortality. In STN-DBS for Parkinson's disease (N = 158), post-operative general surgical morbidity was 36.1% (57/158), which included: weight gain (more than 5 kg) 25.3% (40/158), mania/hypomania 7.6% (12/158), transient confusion 7.0% (11/158), depression 3.8% (N = 6) and pulmonary edema 1.9% (3/158). Stimulation related morbidity was 41.8% (N = 66), which included hypophonia 15.8% (N = 25), dyskinesia 12% (19/158), dysarthria 12% (19/158), sialorrhea 10.8% (17/158) and decreased memory 10.1% (16/158). The comorbidity within the follow-up period up to 14 years was 51.4% (72/140), which included patients who expired, demented, received bone/spine surgery and diagnosed as cancer. Eighteen patients were loss from follow-up. Conclusions: The associated morbidity and comorbidity was significant in DBS patients. Stimulation related morbidity was high in PD STN-DBS, nevertheless, most of these was transient, and could be improved after change in stimulation parameters. Though the incidence of intracranial hemorrhage was low, it remained as a high risk morbidity in DBS surgery. ER  - 
DBS of ANT for Epilepsy - The Lisbon Experience$$$ Introduction: Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) of the Anterior Nuclei of Thalami (ANT) has a growing interest as a palliative surgery for refractory epilepsy. The bilateral ANT-DBS may have a place in focal epilepsies when no focal resection is indicated or when patients refuse resective surgery. Material and Methods: The Epilepsy Surgery Group of the Hospital de Santa Maria (CHLN) started this approach in January 2011, and we have operated 12 patients (7 females) so far. Median time of epilepsy before implantation was 26 years (7-46) and median number of seizures per month 15 seizures/month (3-39). All patients have already tried 3 or more antiepileptic drugs. Three patients had previous epilepsy surgeries, one a VNS and other two resective surgeries. Electrodes were implanted with Leksell® stereotactic frame with targets and trajectories obtained from FrameLink® Medtronic's software. Both 3387 and 3389 electrodes were used through a trans-ventricular cannulated approach in the majority of the patients (9/12). Post-operative control of electrode contacts was done with CT fused with pre-operative MRI and compared to published stereotactic atlases. Results: All 12 patients have at least one contact in one ANT and 11 in both anterior nuclei. Two patients required additional surgeries due to slippage of electrode(s) to the III ventricle during a trans-ventricular approach. No intraventricular bleeding was seen in post-operative CT of all patients and no major complications related to surgery were recorded. Seizure frequency reduction was seen in more than half of the patients but almost all reported a decrease in severity of their seizures. Approximately one third of the patients developed a newly or aggravated depression early after stimulation initiation that required medication. No suicidal ideation was found in any of them. Discussion and Conclusions: The ideal candidates for ANT-DBS is yet to be found but the low incidence of major complications from this surgery and the reversibility of those related to stimulation makes this neuromodulation technique an option to treat otherwise difficult refractory epilepsy cases. Multicenter studies allow us to collect more cases faster but single center series with their more standardized approach may also add some important information. ER  - 
Pathways and access to mental health care services by persons living with severe mental disorders and epilepsy in Uganda, Liberia and Nepal: A qualitative study$$$ Background: Access to mental health care services for patients with neuropsychiatric disorders remains low especially in post-conflict, low and middle income countries. Persons with mental health conditions and epilepsy take many different paths when they access formal and informal care for their conditions. This study conducted across three countries sought to provide preliminary data to inform program development on access to care. It thus sought to assess the different pathways persons with severe mental disorders and epilepsy take when accessing care. It also sought to identify the barriers to accessing care that patients face. Methods: Six in depth interviews, 27 focus group discussions and 77 key informants' interviews were conducted on a purposively selected sample of health care workers, policy makers, service users and care takers in Uganda, Liberia and Nepal. Data collected along predetermined themes was analysed using Atlas ti software in Uganda and QSR Nvivo 10 in Liberia and Nepal Results: Individual's beliefs guide the paths they take when accessing care. Unlike other studies done in this area, majority of the study participants reported the hospital as their main source of care. Whereas traditional healers lie last in the hierarchy in Liberia and Nepal, they come after the hospital as a care option in Uganda. Systemic barriers such as: lack of psychotropic medicines, inadequate mental health specialists and services and negative attitudes of health care workers, family related and community related barriers were reported. Conclusion: Access to mental health care services by persons living with severe mental disorders and epilepsy remains low in these three post conflict countries. The reasons contributing to it are multi-faceted ranging from systemic, familial, community and individual. It is imperative that policies and programming address: negative attitudes and stigma from health care workers and community, regular provision of medicines and other supplies, enhancement of health care workers skills. Ultimately reducing the accessibility gap will also require use of expert clients and families to strengthen the treatment coalition. ER  - 
Clinical study in genital herpes: Natural Gene-Eden-VIR/Novirin versus acyclovir, valacyclovir, and famciclovir$$$ Background: This paper reports the results of a clinical study that tested the effect of suppressive treatment with the botanical product Gene-Eden-VIR/Novirin on the number of genital herpes outbreaks. The results in this study were compared to those published in clinical studies of acyclovir, valacyclovir, and famciclovir. Methods: The framework was a retrospective chart review. The population included 139 participants. The treatment was one to four capsules of Gene-Eden-VIR/Novirin per day. The duration of treatment was 2–48 months. The study included three controls recommended by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA): baseline, no treatment, and dose response. Results: The treatment decreased the number of outbreaks per year in 90.8% of the participants. The treatment also decreased the mean number of outbreaks per year from 7.27 and 5.5 in the control groups to 2.39 (P<0.0001 and P<0.001, respectively). The treated participants reported no adverse experiences. Out of the 15 tests that compared Gene-Eden-VIR/Novirin to the three drugs, Gene-Eden-VIR/Novirin had superior efficacy in eight tests, inferior efficacy in three tests, and comparable efficacy in four tests. Gene-Eden-VIR/Novirin also had superior safety. Conclusion: The clinical study showed that the natural Gene-Eden-VIR/Novirin decreases the number of genital herpes outbreaks without any side effects. The study also showed that the clinical effects reported in this study are mostly better than those reported in the reviewed studies of acyclovir, valacyclovir, and famciclovir. ER  - 
Prevalence of cognitive impairment without dementia and dementia in Tremembé, Brazil$$$ Background: The prevalence of cognitive impairment is insufficiently determined in developing countries. The aim of this study was to ascertain the prevalence of cognitive impairment without dementia and dementia in community-dwelling elderly in Brazil. Methods: This was a single-phase cross-sectional survey of the elderly (aged 60 years and above) living in the municipality of Tremembé, Brazil. Twenty percent of the households with elderly persons were randomly selected from urban and rural areas, to obtain a homogenous representation of all socioeconomic and cultural levels. Results: We assessed 630 individuals [mean age, 71.3y (±7.99); mean years of education, 4.9 (±4.54)] and found prevalence rates of 17.5% (95% confidence interval, 14.6-20.6) for dementia and 19.5% (95% confidence interval, 16.6-22.8) for cognitive impairment without dementia. These prevalence rates were influenced by age (P<0.001) and by educational level (P<0.001). There was no significant sex difference among diagnostic groups (P=0.166). The prevalence of dementia was higher in relatively younger individuals (below 70 y) when compared with other studies. Besides, dementia was associated with low socioeconomic status, stroke, previous psychiatric disorder, alcoholism, and epilepsy. Conclusions: The prevalence of dementia in this study was higher than in other studies, particularly among younger elderly. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of α-pyrrolidinovalerophenone (α-PVP) poisoning$$$ Abstract: Context: α-Pyrrolidinovalerophenone (α-PVP) is a synthetic cathinone that has been abused in recent years. The clinical presentation of acute α-PVP poisoning has not been well characterized. Objective: To elucidate the clinical features of acute α-PVP poisoning. Materials and methods: This retrospective case series included eight subjects that visited our hospital emergency department (ED) between March 2012 and November 2014 and had analytically confirmed blood α-PVP levels. Data related to subject demographics, clinical history, laboratory findings, blood drug levels, and outcome were collected. Results: The median age of the eight study subjects was 27 (range; 21–63) years, and six were male. Drug preparations had been administered by rectal insertion (three subjects) or inhalation (five subjects). The time between drug exposure and presentation at the ED was 8.5 (1–24) h and blood α-PVP concentrations ranged from 1.0 to 52.5 ng/ml. Although psychiatric and neurological findings were reported before arrival at the ED in 5/8 and 7/8 subjects, respectively, these were only observed in 1/8 and 2/8 subjects, respectively, at the ED. Symptoms of high body temperature (3/8), tachycardia (5/8), hypertension (3/8), acid-base balance disorder (5/8), coagulopathy (4/6), blood creatinine phosphokinase >190 U/l (6/8), and a blood lactate level > 1.7 mmol/l (5/7) were observed. All subjects survived and were discharged. Conclusions: This retrospective case series showed that after acute exposure to α-PVP, transient neuropsychiatric findings were accompanied by more persistent sympathomimetic physical findings, disorders of acid-base balance and blood coagulation, high blood creatinine phosphokinase, and hyperlactacidemia. ER  - 
Incidence of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome in eclamptic and patients with preeclampsia with neurologic symptoms$$$ Background Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome is observed frequently in patients with eclampsia; however, it has also been reported in some patients with preeclampsia. Objectives The aim of this study was to determine the incidence of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome in patients with preeclampsia and eclampsia and to assess whether these 2 patient groups share similar pathophysiologic backgrounds by comparing clinical and radiologic characteristics. Study Design This was a retrospective cohort study of 4849 pregnant patients. A total of 49 patients with eclampsia and preeclampsia and with neurologic symptoms underwent magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance angiography; 10 patients were excluded from further analysis because of a history of epilepsy or dissociative disorder. The age, parity, blood pressure, and routine laboratory data at the onset of symptoms were also recorded. Results Among 39 patients with neurologic symptoms, 12 of 13 patients with eclampsia (92.3%) and 5 of 26 patients with preeclampsia (19.2%) experienced the development of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome. Whereas age and blood pressure at onset were not significantly different between patients with and without encephalopathy, hematocrit, serum creatinine, aspartate transaminase, alanine transaminase, and lactate dehydrogenase values were significantly higher in patients with posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome than in those without magnetic resonance imaging abnormalities. In contrast, patients with eclampsia with posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome did not show any significant differences in clinical and laboratory data compared with patients with preeclampsia with posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome. In addition to the parietooccipital regions, atypical regions (such as the frontal and temporal lobes), and basal ganglia were also involved in patients with eclampsia and patients with preeclampsia with posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome. Finally, intraparenchymal hemorrhage was detected in 1 patient with eclampsia, and subarachnoid hemorrhage was observed in 1 patient with preeclampsia. Conclusions Although the incidence of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome was high in patients with eclampsia, nearly 20% of the patients with preeclampsia with neurologic symptoms also experienced posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome. The similarities in clinical and radiologic findings of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome between the 2 groups support the hypothesis that these 2 patient groups have a shared pathophysiologic background. Thus, magnetic resonance imaging studies should be considered for patients with the recent onset of neurologic symptoms, regardless of the development of eclampsia. ER  - 
Post-steroid neuropsychiatric manifestations are significantly more frequent in SLE compared with other systemic autoimmune diseases and predict better prognosis compared with de novo neuropsychiatric SLE$$$ In patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), neuropsychiatric (NP) symptoms sometimes occur after administration of corticosteroids, making differential diagnosis between NPSLE and steroid-induced psychosis challenging for clinicians. The aim of this study was to clarify the characteristics of post-steroid NP disease (PSNP) in patients with SLE. Clinical courses of 146 patients with SLE and 162 with other systemic autoimmune diseases, all in the absence of NP manifestations on admission, were retrospectively analyzed. Forty-three NPSLE patients on admission (de novo NPSLE) were also investigated. All patients were consecutively recruited and treated with 40 mg/day or more of prednisolone in Hokkaido University Hospital between April 2002 and March 2015. The prevalence of PSNP was strikingly higher in SLE patients than other systemic autoimmune diseases (24.7% vs. 7.4%, OR 4.09, 95% CI 2.04–8.22). As independent risk factors to develop PSNP in SLE patients, past history of mental disorder and the presence of antiphospholipid syndrome were identified using multiple logistic regression analysis. In patients with PSNP-SLE, mood disorder was significantly more frequent than in de novo NPSLE (47.2% vs. 20.9%, OR 3.38, 95% CI 1.26–9.04). Of PSNP-SLE patients, two-thirds were with one or more abnormal findings in cerebrospinal fluid, electroencephalogram, MRI or SPECT. Majority of our PSNP-SLE patients received intensified immunosuppressive treatments and experienced improvement in most cases. PSNP-SLE had better relapse-free survival than de novo NPSLE (p < 0.05, log rank test). In conclusion, PSNP frequently occurred in patients with SLE and treated successfully with immunosuppressive therapy, indicating that NPSLE is likely to harbor patients with PSNP-SLE. ER  - 
Serious conditions for ED elderly fall patients: a secondary analysis of the Basel Non-Specific Complaints study$$$ Objective Falls among older adults are a public health problem and are multifactorial. We sought to determine whether falls predict more serious conditions in older adult patients presenting to the emergency department (ED) with a “nonspecific complaint” (NSC). A secondary objective was to examine what factors predicted serious conditions among older adult patients with a fall. Methods This study was a secondary analysis of a prospective delayed-type cross-sectional diagnostic study that included a 30-day follow-up. We included patients 65 years and older who presented to the ED from May 2007 and July 2011 with a NSC and had an Emergency Severity Index score of 2 or 3. We then compared the serious conditions among older adults who presented to the ED with a fall with those who did not fall in a cohort of patients with NSC. Results We had 1111 patients enrolled in our study; 518 (47%) of them had fallen. We found that 310 (60%) of elderly fall patients vs 349 (59%) of nonfall patients had a 30-day serious condition (P = .74). In multiple logistic regression analysis, falls did not predict serious conditions or 30-day mortality among all NSC patients. Among fall patients, male sex, diuretic use, and generalized weakness predicted serious conditions. Conclusion Fall patients share many features with nonfall NSC patient. However, falls did not increase the risk of serious conditions. Falls in the elderly could be considered under the broader entity of NSC. ER  - 
Secretory Meningiomas: Increased Prevalence of Seizures Secondary to Edema Formation in a Rare Histologic Subtype$$$ Objective Secretory meningioma (SM) is a rare histologic subtype known to cause disproportional peritumoral brain edema. Although meningiomas are defined by slow growth and mostly manifest with benign clinical symptoms, SMs can cause life-threatening deterioration. The aim of this study was to characterize the potential pitfalls in treatment of SMs by illustrating their characteristic clinical features. Methods We analyzed 69 patients with SM who underwent surgery at our institution and compared them with a matched nonsecretory meningioma cohort. Retrospective data were analyzed for frequency of seizures as the first presenting symptom, maximum corticosteroid use, intensive care unit stay, and hospital stay. In addition, histologic and radiographic data were evaluated for the extent of peritumoral brain edema formation, tumor location, and tumor size and correlated to clinical presentation. Results Seizures were observed at a significantly higher rate as the first presenting symptom leading to clinical admission in patients with SM (33.3%) compared with the matched nonsecretory meningioma cohort (13%, P = 0.008). In patients with SM, seizures were associated with increased edema formation, whereas seizures in patients with nonsecretory meningioma correlated with tumor size (P = 0.007). The clinically more complicated course in patients with SM was reflected by increased demand for corticosteroids and a prolonged intensive care unit stay (P < 0.001). SM further showed a higher recurrence rate of 35.9% compared with a cohort of 320 World Health Organization grade I meningiomas resected at our institution (P < 0.001). Conclusions Our results illustrate the complicated clinical course of this rare histologic meningioma subtype. The increased frequency of seizures may enable raised awareness of clinicians for potential complications and treatment adjustments perioperatively early at clinical admission. ER  - 
Predictive Ability of an Emergency Medical Dispatch Stroke Diagnostic Tool in Identifying Hospital-Confirmed Strokes$$$ Background Early hospital notification of a possible stroke arriving via emergency medical services (EMS) can prepare stroke center personnel for timely treatment, especially timely administration of tissue plasminogen activator. Stroke center notification from the emergency dispatch center—before responders reach the scene—may promote even earlier and faster system activation, meaning that stroke center teams may be ready to receive patients as soon as the ambulance arrives. This study evaluates the use of a Medical Priority Dispatch System (MPDS; Priority Dispatch Corp., Salt Lake City, UT) Stroke Diagnostic Tool (SDxT) to identify possible strokes early by comparing the tools' results to on-scene and hospital findings. Methods The retrospective descriptive study utilized stroke data from 3 sources: emergency medical dispatch, EMS, and emergency department/hospital. Results A total of 830 cases were collected between June 2012 and December 2013, of which 603 (72.7%) had matching dispatch records. Of the 603 cases, 304 (50.4%) were handled using MPDS Stroke Protocol 28. The SDxT had an 86.4% ability (OR [95% CI]: 2.3 [1.5, 3.5]) to effectively identify strokes among all the hospital-confirmed stroke cases (sensitivity), and a 26.6% ability to effectively identify nonstrokes among all the hospital-confirmed nonstroke cases (specificity). Conclusions The SDxT demonstrated a very high sensitivity, compared to similar tools used in the field and at dispatch. The specificity was somewhat low, but this was expected—and is intended in the creation of protocols to be used over the phone in emergency situations. The tool is a valuable method for identifying strokes early and may allow early hospital notification. ER  - 
Safety in the epilepsy monitoring unit: A retrospective study of 524 consecutive admissions$$$ The yield of monitoring patients at an epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) depends on the recording of paroxysmal events in a timely fashion, however, increasing the risk of safety adverse events (AEs). We aimed to retrospectively study the frequency and risk factors for AE occurrences in all consecutive admissions to an adult EMU in a tertiary medical center. We also compared our findings with published data from other centers. Between January 2011 and June 2014, there were 524 consecutive admissions to the adult EMU at the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center. Adverse events were recorded in 47 (9.0%) admissions. The most common AE was 4-hour seizure cluster (58.7% of AEs) and, in decreasing frequency, AEs related to antiepileptic drugs (AEDs, 11.1%), falls and traumatic injuries (9.5%), intravenous line complications (9.5%), electrode-related (4.8%), status epilepticus (SE, 3.2%), and cardiac (1.6%) and psychiatric (1.6%) complications. There were significantly more AEs among patients with a younger age at disease onset (p = 0.005), a history of temporal lobe epilepsy (p = 0.046), a history of focal seizures with altered consciousness (p = 0.008), a history of SE (p = 0.022), use of a vagal nerve stimulator (p = 0.039), and intellectual disability (p = 0.016) and when the indication for EMU monitoring was noninvasive or invasive presurgical evaluation (p = 0.001). Adverse events occurred more frequently when patients had more events in the EMU (p = 0.001) and among those administered carbamazepine (p = 0.037), levetiracetam (p = 0.004), clobazam (p = 0.008), and sulthiame (p = 0.016). Patients with a history of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) had significantly fewer AEs (p = 0.013). Adverse events were not associated with the age, gender, duration of hospitalization or monitoring, AED withdrawal and renewal, seizure frequency by history, presence of major psychiatric comorbidities, abnormal neurological exam, or the presence of a lesion as on brain magnetic resonance imaging. In conclusion, this study reveals that AEs are not unusual in the EMU and that seizure clustering is the most common among them. Adverse events occur more frequently in patients with more severe epilepsy and intellectual disability and in patients undergoing presurgical evaluations and less frequently in patients with PNESs. ER  - 
Self-concept and gender effects in Korean adolescents with epilepsy$$$ Purpose We aimed to determine whether adolescents with epilepsy (AWE) have a compromised self-concept, whether a lower self-concept is related to mental health, and whether there are sex differences in self-concept in AWE. Methods A total of 179 AWE and 259 control adolescents without epilepsy participated in this cross-sectional, multicenter study. Self-concept was measured using the Harter's Self-Perception Profile for Children. Depressive symptoms and anxiety were assessed by the Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale (HADS). A group-by-sex interaction was evaluated using an analysis of covariance controlling for age. Results Adolescents with epilepsy had a lower level of self-concept, especially in domains of behavioral conduct (partial eta2: 0.257) and social acceptance (partial eta2: 0.116), than controls (p < 0.05). The level of self-concept did not differ by sex in the group with epilepsy. A group-by-sex interaction effect was found on social acceptance (p = 0.042). Unlike the control group, age was not correlated with self-concept in AWE. Physical appearance was negatively correlated with HADS-anxiety scores (r = − 0.291, p < 0.01) but only in girls with epilepsy. Epilepsy duration was correlated with social acceptance in boys (r = 0.211, p < 0.05) and physical appearance in girls (r = − 0.249, p < 0.05). Conclusions Adolescents with epilepsy had a lower level of self-concept, especially in the domains of behavioral conduct and social acceptance, than controls. Sex differences in self-concept were identified in the control group but not in the group with epilepsy. Physical appearance was negatively correlated with anxiety in girls with epilepsy. ER  - 
Which patients with epilepsy are at risk for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES)? A multicenter case–control study$$$ Objective We sought to examine the clinical and electrographic differences between patients with combined epileptic (ES) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and age- and gender-matched patients with ES-only and PNES-only. Methods Data from 138 patients (105 women [77%]), including 46 with PNES/ES (39 ± 12 years), 46 with PNES-only (39 ± 11 years), and 46 with ES-only (39 ± 11 years), were compared using logistic regression analysis after adjusting for clustering effect. Results In the cohort with PNES/ES, ES antedated PNES in 28 patients (70%) and occurred simultaneously in 11 (27.5%), while PNES were the initial presentation in only 1 case (2.5%); disease duration was undetermined in 6. Compared with those with ES-only, patients with PNES/ES had higher depression and anxiety scores, shorter-duration electrographic seizures, less ES absence/staring semiology (all p ≤ 0.01), and more ES arising in the right hemisphere, both in isolation and in combination with contralateral brain regions (61% vs. 41%; p = 0.024, adjusted for anxiety and depression) and tended to have less ES arising in the left temporal lobe (13% vs. 28%; p = 0.054). Compared with those with PNES-only, patients with PNES/ES tended to show fewer right-hemibody PNES events (7% vs. 23%; p = 0.054) and more myoclonic semiology (10% vs. 2%; p = 0.073). Conclusions Right-hemispheric electrographic seizures may be more common among patients with ES who develop comorbid PNES, in agreement with prior neurobiological studies on functional neurological disorders. ER  - 
Lactate as a diagnostic marker in transient loss of consciousness$$$ Purpose The diagnostic classification of disorders of consciousness is often challenging, particularly the distinction between epileptic and non-epileptic seizures. The aim of the study was to examine serum lactate as a diagnostic marker of transient loss of consciousness. Method Serum lactate levels in blood samples drawn within 2 h of the event were compared retrospectively between patients with generalized tonic-clonic seizures (n = 195) and patients with other seizures (syncopes [n = 52], psychogenic non-epileptic seizures [n = 17], and complex focal seizures [n = 37]), respectively. Results Serum lactate in patients with generalized tonic-clonic seizures was significantly (p < 0.001, Mann-Whitney-U test) increased in comparison to other forms of seizure incidences. The area under the ROC-curve was 0.94 (95% CI 0.91-0.96). For a cut-off concentration of 2.45 mmol/l, the sensitivity was 0.88 and the specificity 0.87. Conclusions Serum lactate levels in the acute diagnosis were an excellent biomarker for the discrimination of generalized seizures from psychogenic non-epileptic and syncopal events, corroborating its importance for the standard work-up of acute disturbances of consciousness. ER  - 
Ictal pain: occurrence, clinical features, and underlying etiologies$$$ Purpose We analyzed a series of patients with ictal pain to estimate its occurrence and characterize the underlying etiologies. Methods We retrospectively reviewed all the long-term video-EEG reports from Jefferson Comprehensive Epilepsy Center over a 12-year period (2004–2015) for the occurrence of the term “pain” in the text body. All the extracted reports were reviewed, and patients with at least one documented episode of ictal pain in the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) were included in the study. Results During the study period, 5133 patients were investigated in our EMU. Forty-six patients (0.9%) had at least one documented episode of ictal pain. Twenty-four patients (0.5%) had psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), 10 patients (0.2%) had epilepsy, 11 patients (0.2%) had migraine, and one woman had a cardiac problem. Pain location was in the upper or lower extremities (with or without other locations) in 80% of the patients with epilepsy, 33% of the patients with PNES (p = 0.01), and none of the patients with migraine. Conclusion Ictal pain is a rare finding among patients evaluated in EMUs. Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures are the most common cause, but ictal pain is not specific for this diagnosis. Location of the ictal pain in a limb may help differentiate an epileptic cause from others. ER  - 
Adjunctive perampanel in refractory epilepsy: Experience at tertiary epilepsy care center in Tours$$$ Purpose The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of PER as add-on treatment in patients with severe refractory epilepsy with a particular focus on patients with learning disability and/or psychiatric comorbidity. Method We pooled retrospective data from adult patients with refractory epilepsy prescribed perampanel from a tertiary center in France between 1st May 2014 and 3rd June 2015. Data collection was done on February 2016. Results One hundred and one patients were included (mean age: 41.2 years, 37.6% with learning disability and 49.5% with psychiatric comorbidity). Mean retention was 8.1 months (range: 14 days to 17 months). On final evaluation, a > 50% reduction in seizure frequency was reached in 41.6% of patients, and 7 patients (6.9%) became seizure-free. Sixty-three patients (62.4%) experienced adverse effects. The most common adverse effects were irritability, asthenia, aggression, and sedation. Efficacy, retention of treatment, and safety were equally similar in patients with learning disability or psychiatric comorbidity as for those without. The only significant difference was in percentage of seizure-free patients: 11.1% in the group without learning disability compared with 0% in the group with (p = 0.043). Conclusion Adjunctive PER can achieve clinically meaningful improvement, or even seizure freedom, in more than one-third of patients suffering from severe refractory epilepsies. It seems similarly safe and effective in the subgroup of these patients with learning disability or with psychiatric comorbidity. However, the rate of psychiatric side effects is high,; of note, we asked both patient and caregivers at each visit especially focusing on psychiatric side effects. Patients, caregivers, and families should be informed of potential psychiatric/behavioral risks associated with taking perampanel especially during the initial titration period. ER  - 
Understanding sleep problems in children with epilepsy: Associations with quality of life, Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and maternal emotional symptoms$$$ Purpose This study aimed to (1) compare sleep problems between children and adolescents with epilepsy and non-epileptic controls, and (2) examine whether there is an association between sleep problems and quality of life, Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and mothers’ emotional symptoms. Method Fifty-three patients from a cohort of epilepsy (aged 7–18 years) and 28 controls with minor medical problems (aged 7–18 years) were included. Parents completed Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ) and Kinder Lebensqualitätsfragebogen: Children's Quality of Life Questionnaire-revised (KINDL-R) for patients and controls. Turgay DSM-IV Disruptive Behavior Disorders Rating Scale (T-DSM-IV-S) parent and teacher forms were used to assess ADHD symptoms for patients. Mothers of the patients completed Beck Depression Inventory and State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI). Neurology clinic charts were reviewed for the epilepsy-related variables. Results Children with epilepsy had a higher CSHQ Total score than the control group. Those with a CSHQ score >56 (which indicates moderate to severe sleep problems) had lower scores on KINDL-R. Parent-rated T-DSM-IV-S Total and Hyperactivity–Impulsivity scores, STAI trait and Beck scores were found to be higher in those with a CSHQ score >56. Significant positive correlations were found between CSHQ Total score and T-DSM-IV-S, STAI trait and Beck scores. Binary logistic regression analysis revealed that T-DSM-IV-S Total, Inattention and Hyperactivity–Impulsivity scores were significantly associated with a higher CSHQ Total score. None of the epilepsy-related variables were found to be related with the CSHQ Total score. Conclusion Among children with epilepsy, sleep problems lead to a poor quality of life. The link between sleep problems and psychiatric symptoms must be conceptualized as a bilateral relationship. ADHD appears to be the strongest predictor of sleep problems. ER  - 
Metabotropic glutamate receptor 5: a target for migraine therapy$$$ Introduction: Many patients suffering from migraine gain little relief from existing treatments partly because many existing acute and preventive therapies used in migraine have been adopted from other neurologic conditions such as depression or epilepsy. Here, we present data supporting a new migraine-specific target, the mGlu5 receptor. Methods: We studied the effect of mGlu5 blockade using ADX10059, on neuronal firing in the trigeminocervical complex (TCC) and durovascular effects of nociceptive trigeminovascular activation in the anesthetized rat. The clinical potential of the mGlu5 mechanism was tested with ADX10059 orally in a double-blind placebo-controlled, parallel group, clinical trial. Results: The negative allosteric mGlu5 modulator ADX10059 attenuated dural vasodilator responses to meningeal stimulation in a dose-dependent manner, comparable to naratriptan, while the N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor blocker MK-801 had no effect. ADX10059 reduced responses of trigeminocervical neurons to dural stimulation, most strikingly affecting their spontaneous firing rate. Immunostaining identified mGlu5 and not mGlu1a receptors in the TCC. The primary efficacy endpoint for the clinical trial, 2 h pain free, demonstrated a significant effect of ADX10059 375 mg, 17%, versus placebo, 5%. No serious adverse events were reported at the primary dose, with transient dizziness being the most common treatment-emergent event at 48%. Interpretation: Our findings provide preclinical and clinical proof of concept establishing mGlu5 as a novel therapeutic target in the treatment of migraine. Although ADX10059 is unsuitable as a therapeutic candidate, because of hepatoxicity detected in a subsequent study, the data open a new direction for migraine research and therapy. ER  - 
Inborn error metabolic screening in individuals with nonsyndromic autism spectrum disorders$$$ Aim: To perform metabolic testing on 406 patients (age range 3–22y [mean 6.71, SD 4.15], 343 males and 63 females) with nonsyndromic autism spectrum disorders (ASD) to assess the diagnostic yield. In addition, we reviewed our hospital's clinical database of 8500 patients who had undergone metabolic testing to be identified for inborn errors of metabolism (IEM), and described the characteristics of those with IEM and nonsyndromic ASD. Method: Neuropsychological evaluation included the Social Communication Questionnaire and Child Behavior Checklist. For metabolic testing/screening, urine samples were analyzed for the diagnosis of cerebral creatine deficiency syndromes, purine and pyrimidine disorders, amino acid metabolism defects, mucopolysaccharidoses, and organic acidurias. Results: The 406 recruited participants fulfilled the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition (DSM-IV) criteria of ASD. No biochemical evidence of a metabolic disorder was detected in any of the 406 patients studied. Concerning the retrospective evaluation from the 8500 who had metabolic testing, 464 individuals had a diagnosis of an IEM (394 without the diagnosis of ASD and 70 with ASD diagnosis). Only one individual with IEM had a diagnosis of nonsyndromic ASD at the time of the metabolic study; the metabolic testing had revealed diagnosis of urea-cycle disorder. Interpretation: Metabolic testing should be considered in the work-up of individuals with syndromic ASD, but metabolic testing is not cost-effective for individuals with nonsyndromic ASD. ER  - 
Childhood epilepsy, febrile seizures, and subsequent risk of ADHD$$$ OBJECTIVES: Epilepsy, febrile seizures, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are disorders of the central nervous system and share common risk factors. Our goal was to examine the association in a nationwide cohort study with prospective follow-up and adjustment for selected confounders. We hypothesized that epilepsy and febrile seizures were associated with subsequent ADHD. METHODS: A population-based cohort of all children born in Denmark from 1990 through 2007 was followed up until 2012. Incidence rate ratios (IRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) for ADHD were estimated by using Cox regression analysis, comparing children with epilepsy and febrile seizure with those without these disorders, adjusted for socioeconomic and perinatal risk factors, as well as family history of neurologic and psychiatric disorders. RESULTS: A total of 906 379 individuals were followed up for 22 years (∼10 million personyears of observation); 21 079 individuals developed ADHD. Children with epilepsy had a fully adjusted IRR of ADHD of 2.72 (95% CI, 2.53-2.91) compared with children without epilepsy. Similarly, in children with febrile seizure, the fully adjusted IRR of ADHD was 1.28 (95% CI, 1.20-1.35). In individuals with both epilepsy and febrile seizure, the fully adjusted IRR of ADHD was 3.22 (95% CI, 2.72-3.83). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate a strong association between epilepsy in childhood and, to a lesser extent, febrile seizure and subsequent development of ADHD, even after adjusting for socioeconomic and perinatal risk factors, and family history of epilepsy, febrile seizures, or psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Conversion Disorder in an Appalachian Community$$$ Objectives Conversion disorder (CD) is believed to be the manifestation of physical and/or neurological symptoms for primary gain without an identifiable organic cause. Although it is believed to be more common in rural areas, the literature examining this claim is sparse. To our knowledge, no study has been published evaluating the prevalence of CD in a rural Appalachian population. The aim of this study was to characterize and determine the prevalence of CD per Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition, criteria in a rural Appalachian psychiatric consultation service and to compare this population with control patients from the same service. Methods We performed a retrospective chart review of all patients diagnosed as having CD per Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition, criteria on a psychiatric consultation service at a rural Appalachian academic medical center during a 13-month time period. For each case, two consecutive control patients were selected from the same service and time span. Results There were 21 cases and 42 controls in this study, with a CD prevalence rate of 6.0% (N = 21/351). Sociodemographic, comorbidity, and recent symptomatology data were obtained. Compared with controls, cases were significantly younger and were more likely to have a history of sexual abuse, seizure disorder, antiepileptic use, neurologic referral, electroencephalogram, magnetic resonance imaging of the brain, and history of CD. We found it interesting that fewer cases reported alcohol and drug use. Conclusions The observed prevalence of 6.0% does not support the historical theory that CD is more prevalent in rural or lower socioeconomic populations. Our data add to the characterization of the Appalachian CD population. ER  - 
The Association between Perceived Stress and Mortality among People with Multimorbidity: A Prospective Population-Based Cohort Study$$$ Multimorbidity is common and is associated with poor mental health and high mortality. Nevertheless, no studies have evaluated whether mental health may affect the survival of people with multimorbidity. We investigated the association between perceived stress and mortality in people with multimorbidity by following a population-based cohort of 118,410 participants from the Danish National Health Survey 2010 for up to 4 years. Information on perceived stress and lifestyle was obtained from the survey. We assessed multimorbidity using nationwide register data on 39 conditions and identified 4,229 deaths for the 453,648 person-years at risk. Mortality rates rose with increasing levels of stress in a dose-response relationship (P-trend < 0.0001), independently of multimorbidity status. Mortality hazard ratios (highest stress quintile vs. lowest) were 1.51 (95% confidence interval (CI): 1.25, 1.84) among persons without multimorbidity, 1.39 (95% CI: 1.18, 1.64) among those with 2 or 3 conditions, and 1.43 (95% CI: 1.18, 1.73) among those with 4 or more conditions, when adjusted for disease severities, lifestyle, and socioeconomic status. The numbers of excess deaths associated with high stress were 69 among persons without multimorbidity, 128 among those with 2 or 3 conditions, and 255 among those with 4 or more conditions. Our findings suggested that perceived stress contributes significantly to higher mortality rates in a dose-response pattern, and more stress-associated deaths occurred in people with multimorbidity. ER  - 
Isavuconazole Treatment of Cryptococcosis and Dimorphic Mycoses$$$ Background. Invasive fungal diseases (IFD) caused by Cryptococcus and dimorphic fungi are associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Isavuconazole (ISAV) is a novel, broad-spectrum, triazole antifungal agent (IV and by mouth [PO]) developed for the treatment of IFD. It displays potent activity in vitro against these pathogens and in this report we examine outcomes of patients with cryptococcosis or dimorphic fungal infections treated with ISAV. Methods. The VITAL study was an open-label nonrandomized phase 3 trial conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ISAV treatment in management of rare IFD. Patients received ISAV 200 mg 3 times daily for 2 days followed by 200 mg once-daily (IV or PO). Proven IFD and overall response at end of treatment (EOT) were determined by an independent, data-review committee. Mortality and safety were also assessed. Results. Thirty-eight patients received ISAV for IFD caused by Cryptococcus spp. (n = 9), Paracoccidioides spp. (n = 10), Coccidioides spp. (n = 9), Histoplasma spp. (n = 7) and Blastomyces spp. (n = 3). The median length of therapy was 180 days (range 2-331 days). At EOT 24/38 (63%) patients exhibited a successful overall response. Furthermore, 8 of 38 (21%) had stable IFD at the end of therapy without progression of disease, and 6 (16%) patients had progressive IFD despite this antifungal therapy. Thirty-three (87%) patients experienced adverse events. Conclusions. ISAV was well tolerated and demonstrated clinical activity against these endemic fungi with a safety profile similar to that observed in larger studies, validating its broad-spectrum in vitro activity and suggesting it may be a valuable alternative to currently available agents. Clinical Trials Registration. NCT00634049. ER  - 
Phase II multicenter study of gene-mediated cytotoxic immunotherapy as adjuvant to surgical resection for newly diagnosed malignant glioma$$$ Background Despite aggressive standard of care (SOC) treatment, survival of malignant gliomas remains very poor. This Phase II, prospective, matched controlled, multicenter trial was conducted to assess the safety and efficacy of aglatimagene besadenovec (AdV-tk) plus valacyclovir (gene-mediated cytotoxic immunotherapy [GMCI]) in combination with SOC for newly diagnosed malignant glioma patients. Methods Treatment cohort patients received SOC + GMCI and were enrolled at 4 institutions from 2006 to 2010. The preplanned, matched-control cohort included all concurrent patients meeting protocol criteria and SOC at a fifth institution. AdV-tk was administered at surgery followed by SOC radiation and temozolomide. Subset analyses were preplanned, based on prognostic factors: pathological diagnosis (glioblastoma vs others) and extent of resection. Results Forty-eight patients completed SOC + GMCI, and 134 met control cohort criteria. Median overall survival (OS) was 17.1 months for GMCI + SOC versus 13.5 months for SOC alone (P =. 0417). Survival at 1, 2, and 3 years was 67%, 35%, and 19% versus 57%, 22%, and 8%, respectively. The greatest benefit was observed in gross total resection patients: median OS of 25 versus 16.9 months (P =. 0492); 1, 2, and 3-year survival of 90%, 53%, and 32% versus 64%, 28% and 6%, respectively. There were no dose-limiting toxicities; fever, fatigue, and headache were the most common GMCI-related symptoms. Conclusions GMCI can be safely combined with SOC in newly diagnosed malignant gliomas. Survival outcomes were most notably improved in patients with minimal residual disease after gross total resection. These data should help guide future immunotherapy studies and strongly support further evaluation of GMCI for malignant gliomas. Clinical trial registry ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00589875. ER  - 
Benzodiazepine and z-substance use and risk modification of dementia-a claims data analysis$$$ Background Benzodiazepines and related z-substances (BDZRs) are widely prescribed to treat anxiety and sleep disorders, particularly in the elderly. Conflicting results have been obtained when the association between BDZR use and dementia risk has been analyzed. Previous studies on claims or cohort data often describe an increased risk for dementia with the use of BDZRs. For Germany, longitudinal analyses on large population-based data sets are missing. Objective To evaluate the association between BDZR prescription and incident any dementia. Methods We used longitudinal German public health insurance data from 2004 to 2011 and analyzed the association between BDZR use and incident any dementia in a case-control design. We examined patient samples aged 60 years and older who were free of dementia at baseline. A lag time between BDZR prescription and dementia diagnosis was introduced to address potential protopathic bias. To assess dose dependency we used a dose-time index. Odds ratios were calculated applying conditional logistic regression, adjusted for potential confounding factors such as comorbidities (e.g. stroke, depression, ischemic heart disease, diabetes, epilepsy, anxiety, insomnia, schizophrenia, and hypertension) and polypharmacy. Results The use of BDZRs was associated with a significant increased risk of incident any dementia for patients aged 60 years and older (odds ratio 1.21, 95 % confidence interval 1.13-1.29). For long acting substances the association was slightly more pronounced than for short acting ones. We observed a trend for increased risk for incident any dementia with higher BDZR exposure. Conclusion The restricted use of BDZRs in the elderly may contribute to dementia prevention. ER  - 
Association between medication prescription for atopic diseases and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Background Data on the association between atopic diseases and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have been inconclusive. Objective To assess whether children with drug-treated ADHD are more likely to receive treatment for asthma, allergic rhinitis, or eczema before the start of ADHD medication use compared with controls and to examine the effect of parents receiving medication for ADHD and atopic diseases on ADHD medication use in their offspring. Methods We conducted a retrospective nested case-control study among children (6-12 years of age) using the Groningen University prescription database. Cases were defined as children with at least 2 prescriptions of methylphenidate within 12 months. For each case, 4 controls were matched on age, sex, and regional area code. Parental prescription data were linked to cases and controls to assess the influence of parents receiving medication for ADHD and atopic diseases on ADHD medication use in their offspring. Results We identified 4257 cases and 17,028 matched controls. Drug treatment for asthma, allergic rhinitis, and eczema was more common in cases than controls (adjusted odds ratios [aORs], 1.4 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.3-1.6], 1.4 [95% CI, 1.1-1.8], and 1.3 [95% CI, 1.1-1.5], respectively). Medication for allergic rhinitis and asthma among parents was associated with ADHD treatment in their children (aORs, 1.3 [95% CI, 1.1-1.5] and 1.2 [95% CI, 1.1-1.3], respectively). Conclusion This study provides further evidence to support the hypothesis that atopic diseases are associated with ADHD. The parental-offspring association suggests a possible genetic and/or environmental component. ER  - 
Benzodiazepine and z-substance use and risk of dementia - A german claims data analysis$$$ Background: Benzodiazepines (BDZ) and the related z-substances (jointly now referred to as BDZR) are often prescribed for the treatment of sleep disorders and anxiety, particularly in the elderly. Acute detrimental effects of BDZR use on cognition and memory are known. However, the association of BDZR use and risk of dementia in the elderly is controversially discussed. For Germany, analyses on large population- based data sets are missing. Objectives: To evaluate the association between BDZR prescription and incident any dementia in a large German claims data set. Methods: We conducted a matched case-control analysis using longitudinal German public health insurance data from 2004 to 2011 and evaluated the association between long-term and regular BDZR prescription (at least 12 months) and incident dementia. We examined patient samples aged .60 years that were free of dementia at baseline. To address potential protopathic bias we introduced a lag time between BDZR prescription and dementia diagnosis. Odds ratios were calculated applying conditional logistic regression, adjusted for potential confounding factors such as comorbidities (stroke, depression, ischemic heart disease, diabetes, epilepsy, anxiety, insomnia, schizophrenia, and hypertension) and polypharmacy. Results: BDZR prescription was associated with an increased risk of incident dementia for patients aged ≥60 years (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.21, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.13-1.29). The association of BDZR use with dementia was slightly stronger for long acting substances (OR 1.26, 95% CI 1.15-1.39) than for short acting ones (OR 1.13, 95% CI 1.04- 1.23). A trend for increased risk for dementia with higher exposure was observed. Conclusions: The restricted use of BDZRs may contribute to dementia prevention in the elderly. ER  - 
Comparison of electronic healthcare data and prospective face-to-face studies for evaluating neurodevelopmental disorders following in-utero medication exposures$$$ Background: Investigating neurodevelopmental effects by face-to-face assessment is time intensive and financially costly. This has led to an increase in research using electronic healthcare data, however the accuracy of this data compared to face-to-face review is unknown. Objectives: To determine whether data from the UK Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD) produces similar risk estimates to a prospective study in relation to the risk of neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) following prenatal exposure to antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Methods: A cohort of mother-child pairs of women with epilepsy (WWE) was identified in the CPRD, along with a matched cohort without epilepsy. Children needed to be born between 01-01-2000 and 31- 03-2007 and be in the CPRD at age 6 years. AED exposure during pregnancy was determined from prescription data and children with a diagnosis of autistic spectrum disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder or dyspraxia by 6 years were identified from Read codes. The prevalence and risk of NDDs was determined for mother-child pairs in WWE stratified by AED treatment and for those without epilepsy. Comparisons were made to the results of a prospective study by the Liverpool and Manchester Neurodevelopmental Group which recruited 201 WWE and 214 without epilepsy. Results: 1,018 mother-child pairs to WWE and 6,048 to women without epilepsy were identified in the CPRD. The CPRD identified a lower prevalence of NDDs compared to the prospective study, although small numbers limited comparisons between the two. In both studies, NDDs were more frequently reported in children of WWE than women without epilepsy (2.16% v 0.96% p=0.001 and 7.46% v 1.87%). The prevalence of NDDs differed between AED exposure groups but the CPRD data (ORadj 2.02 CI95 0.52- 7.86) did not replicate the significantly higher risk of NDDs in children exposed in-utero to valproate that was observed in the prospective study (ORadj 6.05 CI95 1.65-24.53). Conclusions: It was possible to identify NDDs in the CPRD, however the CPRD appears to under-record these outcomes. Larger studies are required to investigate further. ER  - 
Usage of valproate in women in the UK$$$ Background: In early 2015 the European Medicines Agency (EMA) strengthened their advice that valproate (VPA) should not be prescribed for epilepsy, bipolar disorder, or migraine in pregnant women, or in women who can become pregnant (unless other treatments are ineffective or not tolerated) due to concerns about neurodevelopmental problems in children following in-utero exposure. Objectives: To examine patterns of use of VPA in women before and following communications and since the risk minimisation measures were introduced in the UK. Methods: Women aged 14-45 years were identified. Prevalence and incidence prescribing rates for VPA were calculated over 6-month periods 01/01/2010-30/ 06/2015. Women were eligible for inclusion if they were in active follow up for the whole period. To identify incident prescriptions, a minimum of one year of follow up prior to the first prescription and relevant six-month period was required. Possible indications of treatment were identified using relevant Read codes for epilepsy, bipolar disorder or migraine at any time in the medical record. Results: The prevalence of VPA prescribing appears to have slightly declined in women over the period up to the end of June 2015; with a 17% decrease in VPA prevalence in the first half of 2015 compared to the first half of 2010 (0.28 vs. 0.23%). There was a general pattern of increased VPA prescribing in the second half of each year. Epilepsy was the most commonly recorded indication and had a reduction in use of 22%; smaller declines were seen for bipolar disorder and migraine (20% and 14% respectively) although overall levels of use for these indications were much lower. There was a 31% decline in patients newly starting VPA; however this was based on low absolute numbers. Conclusions: In keeping with recent guidance; UK usage of VPA is decreasing in women. It is not yet possible to determine the full impact of the updated advice or risk minimisation measures. These data provide baseline figures to inform future studies investigating VPA usage and the effectiveness of the risk minimisation measures. Future work will also include prescribing patterns specifically in pregnant women. ER  - 
Effects of temporal lobe epilepsy and idiopathic epilepsy on cognitive function and emotion in children$$$ Objective: To investigate the effects of temporal lobe epilepsy and idiopathic epilepsy on cognitive function and emotion in children and the risk factors for cognitive impairment. Methods: A retrospective analysis was performed for the clinical data of 38 children with temporal lobe epilepsy and 40 children with idiopathic epilepsy. The controls were 42 healthy children. All subjects received the following neuropsychological tests: Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) scale, verbal fluency test, digit span test, block design test, Social Anxiety Scale for Children (SASC), and Depression Self-rating Scale for Children (DSRSC). Results: Compared with the control group, the temporal lobe epilepsy and idiopathic epilepsy groups showed significantly lower scores of MoCA, verbal fluency, digit span, and block design (P<0.05) and significantly higher scores on SASC and DSRSC (P<0.05). Compared with the idiopathic epilepsy group, the temporal lobe epilepsy group showed significantly lower scores of MoCA, verbal fluency, digit span, and block design (P<0.05) and significantly higher scores on SASC and DSRSC (P<0.05). In the temporal lobe epilepsy group, MoCA score was negatively correlated with SASC score, DSRSC score, and seizure frequency (r=-0.571, -0.529, and -0.545 respectively; P<0.01). In the idiopathic epilepsy group, MoCA score was also negatively correlated with SASC score, DSRSC score, and seizure frequency (r=-0.542, -0.487, and -0.555 respectively; P<0.01). Conclusions: Children with temporal lobe epilepsy and idiopathic epilepsy show impaired whole cognition, verbal fluency, memory, and executive function and have anxiety and depression, which are more significant in children with temporal lobe epilepsy. High levels of anxiety, depression, and seizure frequency are risk factors for impaired cognitive function. ER  - 
Childhood Anti-NMDA Receptor Encephalitis$$$ Objectives: To study the clinical profile, and outcome of children with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis. Methods: This is a retrospective case series of children <12 y of age, diagnosed with anti-NMDAR encephalitis at a tertiary care institute during the period, May 2013 through June 2015. Results: Twenty patients were tested for suspected anti-NMDAR encephalitis over this 2 y period. Of these, six children were positive for anti-NMDAR antibodies. Four of these six children had completed treatment and two are currently receiving immunotherapy. Behavioral changes, psychosis, seizures and oro-lingual-facial dyskinesia were the presenting features. Extreme irritability, insomnia and mutism were noted in all the children. The symptoms were persistent, and the course was progressive over 4–8 wk duration. Neuroimaging and electroencephalography were non-specific. Intravenous pulse methylprednisolone and immunoglobulins were used as first-line therapeutic agents. Only one patient responded to first line immunotherapy; five out of six children required second-line immunotherapy. One patient recovered following rituximab, and two patients showed a good response to cyclophosphamide pulse therapy; two patients are currently under treatment with second line immunotherapeutic agents. Tumor screen was negative in all children. Conclusions: Anti-NMDAR encephalitis is rare but a potentially treatable condition. Timely recognition is essential because treatment is entirely different from other viral encephalitis. Aggressive immunotherapy is the key to a favourable outcome. ER  - 
Phase I trial of dovitinib (TKI258) in recurrent glioblastoma$$$ Purpose: Dovitinib (TKI258) is an oral multi-tyrosine kinase inhibitor of FGFR, VEGFR, PDGFR β, and c-Kit. Since dovitinib is able to cross the blood–brain barrier and targets brain tumor-relevant pathways, we conducted a phase I trial to demonstrate its safety in recurrent glioblastoma (GBM). Patients and methods: Patients with first or second GBM recurrence started treatment with the maximal tolerated dose (MTD) previously established in systemic cancer patients (500 mg/d, 5 days on/2 days off). A modified 3 + 3 design in three cohorts (500, 400, 300 mg) was used. Results: Twelve patients were enrolled. Seventy-two adverse events (AEs) occurred and 16.7 % of AEs were classified as ≥CTC grade 3 toxicity, mainly including hepatotoxicity and hematotoxicity. Only one out of six patients of the 300-mg cohort showed grade 3 toxicity. The PFS-6 rate was 16.7 %, and it was not associated with detection of the FGFR-TACC gene fusion in the tumor. Conclusion: Dovitinib is safe in patients with recurrent GBM and showed efficacy in only some patients unselected for target expression. The recommended phase II dose of 300 mg would be substantially lower than the recently established MTD in systemic cancer patients. Further personalized trials are recommended. ER  - 
A cross-sectional survey on French psychiatrists' knowledge and perceptions of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: The principal aim of the study was two-fold: to determine French psychiatrists' level of general knowledge of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and to evaluate their perceptions of this condition in a standardized way. The secondary aim was to describe the relationship between level of education and knowledge of PNES and level of experience of case management and perceptions of PNES. Methods: In this study, psychiatrists were invited by email to answer an online survey. The questionnaire asked about their general knowledge of PNES, and perceptions of PNES were scored using the Brief Illness Perception Questionnaire (Brief IPQ). Results: We received 1242 replies, and data from 963 respondents were included. The survey revealed that three-quarters of psychiatrists working in France (75%) had never received any training on PNES, and 42% had never managed patients suffering from PNES. In general, participants considered PNES to be a chronic disease with significant impact on patients' quality of life. Although psychiatrists were aware of the importance of psychological trauma in the etiology of PNES, they showed only moderate understanding of this pathology. Terminology and classification of these disorders were poorly known, and the relation between PNES and histrionic personality was massively overvalued. Prior training on PNES was associated with a better level of knowledge and different perceptions of trained psychiatrists compared with that of psychiatrists with no prior training. Conclusions: The condition of PNES remains relatively unknown to French psychiatrists, and some of their perceptions were inaccurate. Specific training seems essential for a better understanding of PNES. ER  - 
Severity of self-reported insomnia in adults with epilepsy is related to comorbid medical disorders and depressive symptoms$$$ Background: Few studies have systematically investigated insomnia in adults with epilepsy. Methods: We performed a prospective cross-sectional investigation of the prevalence, severity, and comorbidities of insomnia in 90 adults with epilepsy using a battery of self-reported instruments and polysomnography. We quantified insomnia severity using the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI). Results: Fifty-nine of 90 (65.5%) adults with epilepsy reported insomnia (ISI ≥ 8), moderate or severe (ISI ≥ 15) in 28.9%. Good agreement between standard clinical diagnostic criteria and ISI was found for patients with ISI scores <. 8 and ≥. 15. Scores on the modified Beck Depression Inventory (mBDI) (r = 0.25, p = 0.021), the original BDI (r = 0.32, p = 0.002), and self-reported total sleep duration (TSD) (r = - 0.3, p = 0.006) were significantly related to ISI score. A multiple regression model found that decreased TSD (ß = - 0.93, p = 0.007), head trauma (ß = 4.37, p = 0.003), sedative-hypnotic use (ß = 4.86, p = 0.002), AED polytherapy (ß = 3.52, p = 0.005), and asthma/COPD (ß = 3.75, p = 0.014) were predictors of a higher ISI score. For 63 patients with focal epilepsy, an increased mBDI (ß = 0.24, p = 0.015), decreased TSD (ß = - 1.11, p = 0.008), asthma/COPD (ß = 4.19, p = 0.02), and epilepsy surgery (ß = 5.33, p = 0.006) were significant predictors of an increased ISI score. Patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) showed a trend for greater severity compared with those with extra-TLE (ß = - 2.92, p = 0.054). Conclusions: Our findings indicate that severity of insomnia in adults with epilepsy is more likely to be associated with comorbid medical and depressive symptoms and less likely to be directly related to epilepsy. Good agreement between standard clinical diagnostic criteria for insomnia and the ISI for subjects without insomnia symptoms and for those with moderate-to-severe symptoms supports the use of this instrument in epilepsy research. ER  - 
Health care utilization following diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objectives: The long-term outcome of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) is of importance given the disabling symptoms and tendency to affect patients early in their productive years. Health care utilization (HCU) is an important outcome measure reflecting overall health status and costs. There is little information regarding long-term HCU following diagnosis of PNES. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed records of Veterans diagnosed with PNES during epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) evaluation. For the three-year period following diagnosis of PNES, we reviewed emergency department (ED) visits, hospitalizations, outpatient clinic visits, and radiology procedures. We compared the three years following PNES diagnosis with the three years preceding diagnosis. We also compared patients with PNES and patients with epileptic seizures (ES). Results: Emergency department visits and hospitalizations were more frequent in patients with PNES compared with those in patients with ES (p = 0.01). There was no overall improvement in HCU during the three-year interval following diagnosis of PNES. A transient decrease during the year following diagnosis was not sustained over three-year follow-up. Pain complaints rather than seizures were the most common reason for presentation, whereas the opposite was true for patients with ES (p < 0.01). There was a sharp decrease in neurology outpatient visits (p < 0.001) and a decrease in primary care visits (p < 0.05) after PNES was diagnosed. Total outpatient visits were unchanged. Conclusions: Overall HCU did not improve during the three years following diagnosis of PNES, compared with three years preceding diagnosis. The results add to studies documenting poor seizure outcomes following diagnosis of PNES and underscore the need for more effective and comprehensive treatments, addressing comorbid symptoms. ER  - 
Validation of a novel classification model of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures by video-EEG analysis and a machine learning approach$$$ The aim of this study was to validate a novel classification for the diagnosis of PNESs. Fifty-five PNES video-EEG recordings were retrospectively analyzed by four epileptologists and one psychiatrist in a blind manner and classified into four distinct groups: Hypermotor (H), Akinetic (A), Focal Motor (FM), and with Subjective Symptoms (SS). Eleven signs and symptoms, which are frequently found in PNESs, were chosen for statistical validation of our classification. An artificial neural network (ANN) analyzed PNES video recordings based on the signs and symptoms mentioned above. By comparing results produced by the ANN with classifications given by examiners, we were able to understand whether such classification was objective and generalizable. Through accordance metrics based on signs and symptoms (range: 0-100%), we found that most of the seizures belonging to class A showed a high degree of accordance (mean ± SD = 73% ± 5%); a similar pattern was found for class SS (80% slightly lower accordance was reported for class H (58% ± 18%)), with a minimum of 30% in some cases. Low agreement arose from the FM group. Seizures were univocally assigned to a given class in 83.6% of seizures. The ANN classified PNESs in the same way as visual examination in 86.7%. Agreement between ANN classification and visual classification reached 83.3% (SD = 17.8%) accordance for class H, 100% (SD = 22%) for class A, 83.3% (SD = 21.2%) for class SS, and 50% (SD = 19.52%) for class FM. This is the first study in which the validity of a new PNES classification was established and reached in two different ways. Video-EEG evaluation needs to be performed by an experienced clinician, but later on, it may be fed into ANN analysis, whose feedback will provide guidance for differential diagnosis. Our analysis, supported by the ML approach, showed that this model of classification could be objectively performed by video-EEG examination. ER  - 
The efficacy and safety of either infliximab or adalimumab in 362 patients with anti-TNF-α naïve Crohn's disease$$$ Background TNFα antagonists, including infliximab (IFX) and adalimumab (ADA), have revolutionised treatment for Crohn's disease. Studies comparing efficacy in patients with Crohn's disease naïve to TNFα antagonists are lacking. Methods Consecutive TNFα antagonist-naïve patients with luminal or perianal Crohn's disease from four tertiary centres in Austria were assessed prospectively for induction and maintenance efficacy, and safety, of either IFX or ADA. Results In a total of 362 patients, 251 (69.3%) started IFX and 111 (30.7%) started ADA. At baseline, the median Harvey-Bradshaw Index (HBI) score was 8 (range 5-29) and 8 (5-36), and the median C-reactive protein (CRP) was 1.07 (interquartile range (IQR) 1.36) mg/dL and 1.16 (IQR 1.23) mg/dL for IFX and ADA, respectively. At week 12, there was no difference between IFX and ADA among patients with luminal Crohn's disease in clinical remission (IFX 128/204; 62.7% vs. ADA 68/107; 63.6%, P = 0.47), clinical response (IFX 154/204; 75.5% vs. ADA 82/107; 76.6%, P = 0.82) and steroid-free remission (IFX 110/204; 53.9% vs. ADA 61/107; 57%, P = 0.60). At 12 months, there were similar numbers of patients treated with IFX and ADA who maintained clinical remission (IFX 77/154; 50.4% vs. ADA 47/82; 57.3%, P = 0.48) and steroid-free remission (IFX 68/154; 44.3% vs. ADA 44/82; 53.7%, P = 0.16). Baseline CRP >0.7 mg/dL (OR 0.24; 95% CI 0.07-0.77, P = 0.01) was the only predictor of clinical remission at 12 months in patients who did not have escalation of anti-TNFα therapy. Conclusion IFX and ADA appear comparable in clinical outcomes for patients with Crohn's disease who are naïve to TNFα antagonists. ER  - 
Safety, tolerability, and seizure control during long-term treatment with adjunctive brivaracetam for partial-onset seizures$$$ Objectives: To report pooled safety/tolerability and seizure outcome data from adults with uncontrolled partial-onset (focal) seizures (POS) receiving adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV) during phase IIb/III and long-term follow-up (LTFU) studies. Methods: Seizure outcome data were pooled from phase IIb (NCT00175929 and NCT00175825), III/IIIb (NCT00490035, NCT00464269, NCT00504881, and NCT01261325) and associated LTFU studies (NCT00175916, NCT00150800, and NCT01339559). Safety/tolerability data were pooled from these studies plus NCT01405508, NCT01653262, and NCT01728077 (LTFU). Patients received placebo (during core studies) or BRV 5–200 mg/day. Safety/tolerability and seizure outcomes (BRV modal doses 50–200 mg/day) were assessed until January 17, 2014. Results: Of 2,186 patients (97.3% with POS and 2.7% with other seizure types) who received BRV 50–200 mg/day, 2,051 (93.8%) completed core studies and continued in LTFU studies. Total BRV exposure: 5,339.4 patient-years (≥8.0 years in 41 patients); 6-, 12-, 24-, and 60-month retention: 91.0%, 79.8%, 68.1%, and 54.4%, respectively. Safety/tolerability data pooled from 2,186 patients: ≥1 treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) reported by 1,848 (84.5%) patients; 1,184 (54.2%) reported ≥1 TEAE considered treatment-related. Most frequent TEAEs (≥10%): headache (20.9%), dizziness (17.5%), somnolence (15.2%), nasopharyngitis (13.2%), fatigue (11.3%), and convulsion (10.6%). Serious TEAEs (SAEs) and treatment-related SAEs: 401 (18.3%) and 95 (4.3%) patients, respectively. Of 28 (1.3%) deaths, four (14.3%) were considered possibly treatment related by the investigator. Pooled seizure outcome data (1,836 patients): median POS frequency/28 days at baseline was 8.9; on treatment, median percentage reduction from baseline in POS/28 days was 48.8%, and ≥50% responder rate was 48.7%. Complete seizure freedom: 4.9%, 4.2%, 3.0%, and 3.3% for ≥6, 12, 24, and 60 months, respectively. Improvements were seen in health-related quality of life (HRQoL) from baseline, assessed by Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-31. Significance: Adjunctive BRV treatment in adults with POS was effective and generally well tolerated when administered long-term (≥8.0 years). Retention was high and HRQoL improvements were observed. ER  - 
ADHD in childhood epilepsy: Clinical determinants of severity and of the response to methylphenidate$$$ Objective: Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is commonly observed in children with epilepsy. However, factors associated with the development of ADHD and which might help to guide its therapeutic management, remain an issue of debate. Methods: We conducted a multicenter prospective observational study that included children, aged 6–16 years, with both epilepsy and ADHD according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV) criteria. After inclusion, patients entered a 12–16 week follow-up period during which they were either treated with methylphenidate or they did not receive specific ADHD treatment. ADHD was evaluated with the ADHD Rating Scale-IV. Results: One hundred sixty-seven patients were included, of which 91 were seizure-free during the preinclusion baseline period. At inclusion, the ADHD Rating Scale-IV total score was 30.4 ± (standard deviation) 9.2, the inattentive subscore was 17.3 ± 4.4, and the hyperactive subscore was 13.2 ± 6.6. We did not detect any difference of ADHD Rating Scale-IV scores across patients' age or gender, age at epilepsy onset, epilepsy syndrome, seizure frequency, or number of ongoing antiepileptic drugs. Methylphenidate was initiated in 61 patients, including 55 in whom a follow-up evaluation was available. At the last follow-up, 41 patients (75%) treated with methylphenidate and 39 (42%) of those who did not received ADHD therapy demonstrated ≥25% decrease of ADHD Rating Scale-IV total score (p < 0.001). Response to methylphenidate was greater in girls but was not influenced by any epilepsy-related variables. Significance: We did not detect any epilepsy-related factor associated with the severity of ADHD. Twenty-five percent of patients did not respond to methylphenidate. A better understanding of the pathologic process that underlies ADHD development in childhood epilepsy might be required to improve therapeutic strategies. ER  - 
Psychosocial profile and quality of life in children with type 1 narcolepsy: A case-control study$$$ Study Objectives: To investigate behavioral aspects and quality of life in children and adolescents with type 1 narcolepsy (NT1). Methods: We performed a case-control study comparing 29 patients with NT1 versus sex- and age-matched patients with idiopathic epilepsy (n = 39) and healthy controls (n = 39). Behavior and quality of life were evaluated by self-administered questionnaires (Child Behavior Checklist, Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory). Patient groups were contrasted and scale results were correlated with clinical and polysomnographic parameters, and cerebrospinal fluid hypocretin-1 levels. Results: Young patients with NT1 showed increased internalizing problems associated with aggressive behavior. Emotional profile in patients with NT1 positively correlated with age at onset, diagnostic delay, and subjective sleepiness, whereas treatment and disease duration were associated with fewer behavioral problems (attention problems, aggressive behavior, and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder). Psychosocial health domains of pediatric NT1 were worse than in healthy controls, whereas the physical health domains were comparable. Conclusions: Young NT1 patients show a discrete pattern of altered behavioral, thought, and mood profile in comparison with healthy controls and with idiopathic epilepsy patients thus suggesting a direct link with sleepiness. Further studies investigating behavior in patients with idiopathic hypersomnia or type 2 narcolepsy are needed to disentangle the role of REM sleep dysfunction and hypocretin deficiency in psychiatric disorders. Symptoms of withdrawal, depression, somatic complaints, thought problems, and aggressiveness were common, NT1 children perceived lower school competencies than healthy children, and their parents also reported worse psychosocial health.Our data suggest that early effective treatment and disease self-awareness should be promoted in NT1 children for their positive effect on behavior and psychosocial health. ER  - 
Examining the relationship between childhood health conditions and health service utilisation at school entry and subsequent academic performance in a large cohort of Australian children$$$ Aim: Chronic health conditions are associated with poor academic outcomes. This study examines the relationship between health conditions, specialist health service utilisation and academic performance in Australian children. Methods: This was a quasi-longitudinal study where School Entrant Health Questionnaire (a survey tool with parent report on children's health) data for 24 678 children entering school in 2008 was matched with the 2011 National Assessment Program – Literacy and Numeracy (NAPLAN). Linear and logistic regressions were used to examine associations between health conditions, use of a specialist health service and reading and numeracy scores. Results: The study comprised 24 678 children. Children with allergies, very low birth weight, developmental delay, diabetes, spina bifida, cystic fibrosis, birth abnormality, speech problems, intellectual disability and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder had lower numeracy scores than those without any of these conditions (P < 0.05). The same children had higher odds (1.2–5.8) of being at or below the national minimum standard for numeracy. Children with developmental delay, epilepsy, dental problems, speech, intellectual disabilities and low birth weight had lower reading scores than those without these conditions (P < 0.05) and had higher odds of being at (odds ratio: 1.3) or below (odds ratio: 3.7) the national minimum standard for reading. Children with health conditions who had ever accessed specialist health services did not differ in their academic performance from those that had not used specialist health services. Conclusions: Some health conditions put children at risk of poorer academic performance, and interventions to prevent this such as appropriate support services in schools should be considered. ER  - 
Acute cerebral infarction following pyrethroid ingestion$$$ Background and Rationale: Pyrethoid exposure induces various symptoms. Herein, we report the case of a patient who ingested pyrethroid to commit suicide and was admitted to the hospital in a stuporous state. Intermittent atrial fibrillations and ultimately cerebral infarction were detected. In conclusion, pyrethroid ingestion can modify the cardiac rhythm. This effect should be considered during treatment because it can be responsible for cerebral infarction. Methods: A 61-year-old man with no particular disorder was found lying on the floor in his house. It was reported that he was under excessive stress with no problem in the 12 hours that preceded the event, but 100 cc of pyrethroid was found beside him, which he might have ingested. He usually smoked, but never drank nor took any other medications. When he reached the hospital, he was in a stuporous state with no response to verbal commands, no prominent hemiparesis, and no observed seizure-like movement. He presented stable vital signs and no abnormal findings such as muscle enzyme from a laboratory test. Atrial fibrillation was observed from the electrocardiogram (ECG) at his visit. Based on overall improvement after 3 days, mild dysarthria and sensory aphasia were observed. From the brain MRI with doubt of cerebral infarction, multiple acute infarctions scattered in the left MCA territory were detected, while no abnormal finding was observed by MR angiography. Results: Pyrethroids are commonly used commercial and domestic insecticides that infrequently result in human intoxication. As reported in 2002, the most typical symptoms from 48 pyrethroid poisoned patients were gastrointestinal (73%), followed by CNS involvement (33%), which mainly included confusion, seizure, and coma. While arrhythmia was observed in 2 patients (4%), the types of arrhythmia were not specified in the report. Pyrethroid- induced arrhythmia is caused by the effect of pyrethroid directly on the myocardium. Considering the mechanism of occurrence of cerebral infarction, atrial fibrillation, which was not previously found, was observed and multiple scattered lesions were detected without stenosis or occlusion on the left MCA. Thus, there was a high probability that the cerebral infarction was due to the occurrence of embolism induced by cardiac arrhythmia, resulting from pyrethroid ingestion. Conclusion: We speculate that this patient presented cardiac arrhythmia after ingesting pyrethroid, which caused cardiogenic embolism and cerebral infarction. Therefore, the fact that pyrethroid may cause temporary arrhythmia, which can induce cerebral infarction should be taken into consideration when treating patients who ingested pyrethroid. ER  - 
Genome-wide two-way competing risks approach to analyse time to antiepileptic drug withdrawal$$$ Epilepsy is one of the most commonly occurring chronic neurological disorders. Epilepsy therapy is predominantly pharmacological and more than 20 antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are available. Reasons for withdrawal of an AED include inadequate seizure control (ISC) and intolerable adverse effects (IAE). Previous studies have used a two-way competing risks design to explore the association of clinical and demographic factors with time to AED withdrawal in epilepsy. We now expand upon that work to additionally include genetic factors at a genome-wide level. A total of 964 patients from the Standard and New Antiepileptic Drug study, a randomised trial that compared treatments with various AEDs in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy, were genotyped on the Illumina 660 chip to allow investigation of genetic biomarkers of categorical and longitudinal phenotypes. After genotype and phenotype quality control measures, 697 samples were imputed up to the 1000 Genomes Project reference panel (March 2012 release). Quality control included a principal component analysis to remove any ancestral outliers. Before genome-wide analysis was conducted we applied the Fine and Grey model for competing risks using the R software on the clinical covariates and first five principal components to account for population structure. Using backwards selection, a multiple competing risks regression model of significant covariates was constructed, which included age (p < 0.001), presence of learning disability (p < 0.001), seizure type (p = 0.02) and pre-treatment seizure count (p < 0.001) for ISC and presence of learning disability (p < 0.001), epilepsy type (p = 0.04) and seizure type (p < 0.001) for IAE. Applying the Fine and Grey model genome-wide led to no SNP associations attaining the threshold of genome-wide significance (p < 5 × 10-8). However, SNPs in several loci attained nominal significance (p < 1 × 10-5) for ISC, including: near TPBG (rs6909138, p = 3.2 × 10-7) and SRGAP3 (rs73017408, p = 2.0 × 10-7). Furthermore, several loci attained nominal significance for IAE, including: between ZNF626 and ZNF85 (rs145261547, p = 3.7 × 10-7) and a chromosome 11 intergenic region (rs58675032, p = 1.3 × 10-6). Investigation is ongoing into the signal seen in SRGAP3 from the ISC outcome due to previous links with schizophrenia. For the ADR outcome, Zinc Finger (ZNF) proteins could be linked to altered protein structure within the brain and are also the subject of continued investigation. ER  - 
Global outcomes of epilepsy surgery in drug-resistant focal epilepsy: A longitudinal survey$$$ Objective: Epilepsy surgery has been established for treatment of drug-resistant focal epilepsy. We aimed to determine long-term outcomes of epileptic surgery in various aspects including seizure outcome, quality of life, and psychosocial consequences after surgery. Material and Method: A single center, cross-sectional study was conducted. The patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy who underwent epileptic surgery for at least one year were recruited. Results: Thirty-seven adult drug-resistant epilepsy patients after epileptic surgery were enrolled with an average follow-up period of 5.8 years. Twenty-three (62.2%) had temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) and 14 (37.8%) had neocortical epilepsy. Four were (10.8%) compatible with lesional negative refractory epilepsy. Hippocampal sclerosis was the most common etiology (45.9%), followed by focal cortical dysplasia/gliosis (21.6%) and brain tumor (21.6%). The three commonest postoperative complications were any medical illnesses (18.9%), memory impairment (18.9%), and visual filed defect (13.5%). Twenty patients (54.1%) had no complications. Seizure outcomes, employment status, quality of life, depression, frank psychosis, and number of antiepileptic drug (AED) between pre- and post-surgical period (interviewing time) were compared. Engel Class I (seizure freedom) was persistently achieved in 19 (51.4%) patients. There were nine (24.3%) patients in Engel Class II, eight (21.6%) in Engel Class III, and one (2.7%) in Engel Class IV. Seizure outcome, quality of life, and self-assessment were improved after epileptic surgery at any age groups, duration of epilepsy, epileptogenic zone, and side of operation. In some subgroups, it was found that income was increased and number of AED was reduced. However, depression and frank psychosis did not change the outcome. On self-assessment, global impression of change in memory showed 27% improvement and 32.4% no change. For language and communication skills, 29.7% was improved but 21.6% was worsened. Conclusion: In this longitudinal study, epilepsy surgery showed improvement in seizure control, quality of life, and some neuropsychological aspects. ER  - 
Medical cannabis reduces agitation after brain injury: Case study$$$ Introduction: Compounds that bind to endogenous cannabinoid receptors (CB) are available in multiple states for a variety of indications, including post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), epilepsy, spasticity, and nausea. While animal data and epidemiologic studies suggest cannabinoids may be associated with better outcomes after traumatic brain injury (TBI), a 2006 phase III trial of dexanabinol did not detect any differences in functional outcome. The beneficial and adverse effects of cannabinoid receptor modulators in patients with brain injury remain to be determined. Methods: The authors report a case of a patient with acquired brain injury who began using medicinal cannabis with significant reductions in post-traumatic anxiety and physical agitation. The literature on cannabinoid receptor modulators and their neuropsychiatric effects is reviewed. Results: A 39 year-old male suffered traumatic brain injury complicated by right middle cerebral artery stroke, with subsequent PTSD and disinhibition syndrome with physical agitation, including head banging and striking himself. Trials with multiple antidepressants, anticonvulsants, benzodiazepines, a cognitive enhancer, and a neuroleptic were not effective. Immediately after starting medical cannabis his anxiety and agitation symptoms improved, with significant reductions in scores on the Agitated Behavior Scale, PTSD Checklist, Neurobehavioral Symptom Inventory, and Patient Health Questionnaire-9. At 6-month followup he was experiencing continued benefit and no adverse effects from medical cannabis. Discussion: Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) is the primary exogenous cannabinoid found in medical cannabis. THC partially agonizes the CB1 receptor, which produces cannabis' antinociceptive, antiemetic, anxiogenic and cognitive blunting effects. Beneficial effects on anxiety and agitation observed in the case may have been due to variable effects of cannabinoids on presynaptic inhibition of neurotransmitter release, especially glutamate. The contribution of cannabidiol, which antagonizes CB1 activity and is considered more clinically useful in certain neurological and psychiatric conditions than THC, is postulated. Conclusion: Future studies are needed to identify potential benefits of cannabinoids on TBI-related symptoms. ER  - 
Perampanel: An audit of clinical experience using the epilepsy electronic patient record$$$ Perampanel is a non-competitive antagonist of AMPA glutamate receptors on post synaptic neurons. The aim of this study was to conduct an audit of the experience of perampanel treatment in Ireland based on the interrogation of the national epilepsy electronic patient record (EPR). A retrospective audit was compiled which reviewed the progress of patients who had been treated across two regional epilepsy centres. The EPR was used to identify patients and collect information relevant to their perampanel therapy. Collected data was entered into a statistical package for social sciences for analysis using descriptive statistics. 70 patients were identified for inclusion in this audit. Partial onset epilepsy was the predominant epilepsy syndrome treated with perampanel. Eight milligrams daily was the maximum dose achieved in 31.45% (n=22). Complex partial seizures demonstrated the best seizure response to perampanel,which was optimal at doses of 4mgs to 8mgs once daily. Treatment was discontinued primarily due to side effect profile (28.5%; n=20). The common side effects reported were behavioural alteration,sedation and dizziness. Abnormal thoughts were identified in 4.2% (n=3). Overall perampanel has been shown to be an effective adjunct. The EPR was demonstrated as an effective tool for audit and research. ER  - 
Levetiracetam treatment of epileptic seizures in transplant patients$$$ Background: Transplant patients may have or develop seizures or epilepsy. Aims: To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of levetiracetam(LEV) in transplant patients (TPs), and the usefulness of its therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) in our clinical practice. Patients and Methods: Retrospective study in all TPs who were or are being treated with LEV where the levels were available, between January 2015-January 2016.Variables recorded for each patient: anthropometric characteristics (age, weight, height);clinical situation (type of transplant, liver and kidney functions, etiology of the seizures);controlled/uncontrolled seizures and therapeutic regimen (LEV and immunosuppressive therapy). With respect to LEV monitoring 3 time points were established: 1st) First measurement of LEV level(Visit 1);2nd)10-15 days after the first dosage adjustment(Visit 2);and 3rd)the following visit with a new dosage adjustment (Visit 3). At these times the following data were registered: LEV administered doses (D) and obtained plasma trough concentrations (Ctrough) and the doses recommended by the pharmacy service, as well as the immunosuppressive doses and the blood levels obtained during cotreatment with LEV and after its discontinuation if it occurred. LEV plasma Ctrough were measured by spectrophotometry on the ARCHITECT-C8000 using the ARKTM LEV Assay. Therapeutic range(TR):12-42 mcg/mL, standard doses:500 and 3,000 mg/day. Statistical analysis: SPSS 19.0. Results: 18 TPs (6:kidney,3:kidney-pancreatic,4:liver,2:heart,3:lung) treated with oral LEV in monotherapy for seizure control (2:with a previous history of epilepsy, 16:developed seizures after transplantation) were included. Visit 1: D:2,138±723mg/day, Ctrough:48±20mcg/mL:33% of the patients were in TR (mean D:1,583±801 mg/day, MDRD-4: 67±25mL/min/1.73 m2); 67% of them were above TR (D: 2,416 ±514 mg/day,MDRD-4: 57±20mL/min/1.73 m2). In these patients, LEV monitoring made it possible to adjust the dose:23% continued with the same dose and 77% required a lower dose. Therefore, during visits 2 and 3 all patients showed LEV levels in TR (visit 2: 1,357±534mg/day, Ctrough:30±9mcg/mL;visit3:977±467mg/day, Ctrough:20±6mcg/mL, respectively). All patients with supratherapeutic levels presented adverse reactions(somnolence, asthenia, headache irritability, personality change (5.5%), delusional disorder(5.5%)) which were resolved when therapeutic levels were achieved. Seizures were controlled in all patients. LEV was well-tolerated when plasma concentrations were therapeutic. LEV was withdrawn in 7 when they were seizure-free. In these patients the immunosuppressive doses and blood levels did not experiment any significant change. Conclusions: Based on our results, LEV TDM proved highly useful in improving the management of TPs treated with this drug, allowing us to individualize the antiepileptic treatment, and therefore LEV may be a suitable antiepileptic drug in transplantation due to its lower level of interactions and favorable safety profile. ER  - 
18FDG-PET (2-deoxy-2-(18f)fluoro-dglucose positron emission tomography) pattern can facilitate nmdarencephalitis diagnosis: A series of cases at the national institute of neurology and neurosurgery of mexico$$$ Background: N-methyl-D-aspartate glutamate receptor (NMDA-R) encephalitis requires early diagnosis and prompt treatment. The under- diagnosed disorder has been recognized in patients of all ages, including elderly and presents with a variety of neuropsychiatric symptoms. As in dementia patients, age-related increase in NMDA-R antibodies have been found in the general population. Methods: In this descriptive, observational and retrospective study, patients diagnosed with NMDAR- encephalitis from the National Institute of Neurology and Neurosurgery of Mexico were included. 18FDG-PET findings were categorized in patterns. Demographic, clinical and other diagnostic features were also discussed. Results: 8 patients were studied, adults 28 ± 12 years, 6 (75%) were female and 2 (25%) male. The result of their PET studies were:5 (63%) patients showed a combined pattern of frontotemporal hypermetabolism and occipital hypometabolism (group A), and 3 (37%) patients had hypometabolism in several regions (group B). From group A: 3 (60%) patients were in a prodromal phase, 4(80%) had multiple neuropsychiatric symptoms, 2(40%) presented catatonia, 2(40%) reported epileptic seizures, 5(100%) showed EEG dysfunction, 2(40%) had pathological findings in MRI, and 5(100%) were within first 10 weeks from onset of the disease when the18FDG-PET was acquired. From group B: 1(33%) was in a prodromal phase, 3(100%) had multiple neuropsychiatric symptoms, 3(100%) presented catatonia, 2(67%) had epileptic seizures, 2(67%) EEG dysfunction and 1(37) with epileptic activity, 2(67%) presented pathological findings in MRI, and 2(67%) had the 18FDG-PET study within first 10 weeks from onset of the disease and 1(33%) within 10-30 weeks from onset of the disease. All values had p>0.001. Conclusions: Fronto-temporal hypermetabolism with occipital hypometabolism was the pattern most commonly presented. Variability of these findings should be correlated with clinical severity, timeline and other diagnostic tools in future studies. We can speculate same findings in elderly population. Antibodies could be related to the pathogenesis of neurodegenerative disorders, psychotic symptoms in dementia patients or a brain-blood barrier (BBB) dependent phenomenon. ER  - 
Frequency of medical complications in hospitalized stroke patients at Bahawal Victoria Hospital, Bahawalpur$$$ Objective: To find out the frequency and nature of medical complications in hospitalized patients admitted to Bahawal Victoria Hospital, Bahawalpur with acute stroke. Study Design: Cross-sectional Study Place and Duration of Study: This study was conducted at the Department of Medicine, Bahawal Victoria Hospital & Quaid-e-Azam Medical College, Bahawalpur from July 2015 to September 2015. Materials and Methods: 98 patients who fulfill the inclusion criteria and gave informed consent were enlisted in the study. These patients were regularly observed for any post stroke medical complications after the clinical evaluation and CT scan plain brain until they were discharged from the hospital. Results: The mean age of the patients was 57.15 + 15.42. Most of the patients suffering from stroke were female (68.4 %) and belonged from rural population (73.5 %). Most of them were suffering from ischemic stroke (66.3 %). Specified medical complications included: Recurrent Stroke (29.6 %), Epileptic seizures (12. 2 %), Urinary tract infections (30. 6 %), respiratory tract infections (31.6 %), bed sores (15.3 %), shoulder pain (10.2 %), depression (53.1 %), falls (13.3 %), Venous Thromboembolism (7.1 %). A total of 14 patients (14.28 %) died during the hospital stay due to severe disease. Conclusion: This study established the post stroke medical complications mainly the pressure sores, pain and infection. As a complication, depression was also identified among the stroke patients. The disability and mortality can be minimized by early identification and treatment of these likely avertable complications. ER  - 
Seizure adequacy markers and the prediction of electroconvulsive therapy response$$$ Objectives: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective therapy for patients with treatment-resistant depression; however, some patients do not respond or relapse in a short time. Electroconvulsive therapy stimulus parameters may be related to the outcome. We carried out a retrospective study review to investigate various ECT parameters in relation to the outcome, clinical variables, and pharmacological treatments. Our aim was to understand which factors could be considered putative seizure quality markers and which are relevant to clinical practice. Methods: Two physicians evaluated the seizure length, the postictal suppression index, the wave amplitude, tachycardia, and hemispheric brain wave synchronicity in a double-blind manner for 45 treatment-resistant depression patients receiving ECT. Results: The analysis showed a significant association between the outcome and the ECT seizure quality measured by the parameters (P = 9.9 × 10-5). Among patients with poor-quality seizures, 61.5% relapsed after approximately 1month fromthe last ECT session. Particularly, there was an association between higher symptomatology decrease and higher quality of hemispheric brain wave synchronicity (P = 5.0 × 10-6), as well as a higher wave amplitude (P = 0.01). Conclusions: Our results confirm that ECT seizure quality was strongly correlated with the decrease of depressive symptomatology. ER  - 
Autoimmune encephalitis mimicking sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: A retrospective study$$$ Autoimmune encephalitis associated with anti-voltage-gated potassium channel antibodies are most likely to be misdiagnosed as sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (sCJD). Our goal was to delineate patients who were initially suspected to have CJD but were later found to have AE. We performed a retrospective clinical review of cases of individuals and made a comparison between groups of patients diagnosed with sCJD and AE. Patients who had rapidly progressing dementia and focal neurological impairment, such as aphasia, gait disturbance, visual disturbance, and depression, at onset were diagnosed with sCJD, whereas epilepsy, hyponatremia and dysautonomia were strong hints for AE. Fluoroscope-positron emission tomography (PET) of patients with AE revealed variable metabolism and normative and long-term immunosuppression were less likely to relapse. ER  - 
Pregnancy outcome following maternal exposure to pregabalin may call for concern$$$ Objective: To investigate pregnancy outcomes following maternal use of pregabalin. Methods: This multicenter, observational prospective cohort study compared pregnancy outcomes in women exposed to pregabalin with those of matched controls (not exposed to any medications known to be teratogenic or to any antiepileptic drugs). Teratology Information Services systematically collected data between 2004 and 2013. Results: Data were collected from 164 exposed pregnancies and 656 controls. A significantly higher major birth defect rate in the pregabalin group was observed after exclusion of chromosomal aberration syndromes, and when cases with exposure during first trimester of pregnancy were analyzed separately (7/116 [6.0%] vs 12/580 [2.1%]; odds ratio 3.0, 95% confidence interval 1.2-7.9, p 0.03). The rate of live births was lower in the pregabalin group (71.9% vs 85.2%, p < 0.001), primarily due to a higher rate of both elective (9.8% vs 5.0%, p 0.02) and medically indicated (5.5% vs 1.8%, p 0.008) pregnancy terminations. In the Cox proportional cause specific hazards model, pregabalin exposure was not associated with a significantly higher risk of spontaneous abortion. Conclusions: This study demonstrated a signal for increased risk of major birth defects after first trimester exposure to pregabalin. However, several limitations such as the small sample size, differences across groups in maternal conditions, and concomitant medication exposure exclude definitive conclusions, so these results call for confirmation through independent studies. ER  - 
Performance of bedside stroke recognition tools in discriminating childhood stroke from mimics$$$ To assess the utility of the Cincinnati Prehospital Stroke Scale (CPSS) and Recognition of Stroke in the Emergency Room (ROSIER) tools in children presenting to the emergency department (ED) with brain attack symptoms. Methods: The ROSIER and CPSS tools were retrospectively applied to 101 children with stroke, presenting from 2003 to 2010, and prospectively to 279 children with mimics, presenting from 2009 to 2010. Positive CPSS was defined as ≥1 positive sign (face/asymmetrical arm weakness, speech disturbance). Positive ROSIER was defined as a score of ≥1. Accuracy and interrater agreement between the tools and patients' true status were assessed for combined stroke types and arterial stroke (AIS) and hemorrhagic stroke (HS) subtypes vs mimics. Results: Stroke subtypes included AIS (55), HS (34), TIA (10), and sinovenous thrombosis (2). Mimic diagnoses included migraine (84), first seizure (45), Bell palsy (29), and conversion disorders (18). Both tools had poor reliability and accuracy for combined strokes vs mimics (CPSSκ 0.36, receiver operator characteristic curve [ROC] 0.66; ROSIERκ 0.32, ROC 0.60) and for AIS vs mimics (CPSSκ 0.37, ROC 0.79; ROSIERκ 0.30, ROC 0.77). Both tools performed inadequately for HS vs mimics (CPSSκ 20.03, ROC 0.51; ROSIERκ 20.02, ROC 0.52). Conclusions: Adult stroke recognition tools perform poorly in children and require modification to be useful for pediatric stroke identification. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class II evidence that, for children presenting to the ED with brain attack symptoms, the CPSS and ROSIER tools do not accurately distinguish strokes from mimics. ER  - 
Safety reports on the off-label use of baclofen for alcohol-dependence: recommendations to improve causality assessment$$$ Introduction: The off-label use of high-dose baclofen (HDB) for alcohol-dependence has recently spread. However, HDB has been associated with numerous reports of adverse events (AEs). Pharmacovigilance reporting is supposed to differentiate AEs from adverse drug reactions (ADRs), for which the causality of the drug is determined using validated methods. Areas covered: Since 2010, we found 20 publications on baclofen-related AEs in alcohol dependence, in Medline-referenced journals or national pharmacovigilance reports. We focused on whether these reports used causality algorithms, and provided essential elements for determining baclofen causality and excluding the involvement of alcohol and other psychoactive substances or psychotropic drugs. In half of the cases, no causality algorithm was used. Detailed information on baclofen dosing was found in 17 out of 20 (85%) articles, whereas alcohol doses were given only in 10 (50%) publications. Other psychoactive substances and psychotropic drugs were broached in 14 (70%) publications. Expert opinion: future publications reporting suspected HDB-induced ADRs should use validated causality algorithms and provide sufficient amount of contextual information for excluding other potential causes. For HDB, the psychiatric history, and the longitudinal description of alcohol consumptions and associated doses of psychoactive substances or psychotropic medications should be detailed for every reported case. ER  - 
Quality of Life and Hormonal, Biochemical, and Anthropometric Profile Between Olanzapine and Risperidone Users$$$ This cross-sectional study compared quality of life and side effects in 108 users of olanzapine or risperidone suffering schizophrenia and being attended at psychiatric ambulatory services in Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil. Economic, socio-demographic, anthropometric, biochemical, and hormonal variables were compared. The EuroQoL Five-Dimension Scale (EQ-5D) was used to evaluate quality of life, and side effects were assessed using the Udvalg for Kliniske Undersøgelser (UKU) Side Effect Rating Scale and the Simpson–Angus Scale. Data were analysed using the χ2 test and Student’s t test, with a significance level of 5 %.The household incomes of approximately 80 % of patients were <2.0 minimum wages ($678). Anthropometric variables (waist circumference, hip circumference, weight, waist-to-hip ratio) and systolic and diastolic blood pressure were noted among male olanzapine users (all p < 0.05). EQ-5D scores showed that olanzapine use significantly impacted self-help ability (p < 0.001). Risperidone users had a mean quality-adjusted life year value of 1. Mean total Simpson–Angus Scale scores was 0.38 for olanzapine users and 0.11 for risperidone users (p < 0.02). Significant differences in UKU were observed for the following items: asthenia/lassitude/fatigue (higher among olanzapine users, p = 0.02), dystonia (higher among olanzapine users, p = 0.01), tremors (higher among olanzapine users, p = 0.03), gynecomastia (higher among risperidone users, p < 0.02), and ejaculatory dysfunction (higher among risperidone users, p < 0.02). Olanzapine users had impaired quality of life, which can be explained in part by adverse motor, biochemical, and hormonal effects characteristic of metabolic syndrome. ER  - 
Roxadustat (FG-4592) versus epoetin alfa for anemia in patients receiving maintenance hemodialysis: A phase 2, randomized, 6- to 19-week, open-label, active-comparator, dose-ranging, safety and exploratory efficacy study$$$ Background Roxadustat (FG-4592) is an oral hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl-hydroxylase inhibitor that promotes erythropoiesis through increasing endogenous erythropoietin, improving iron regulation, and reducing hepcidin. Study Design Phase 2, randomized (3:1), open-label, active-comparator, safety and efficacy study. Setting & Participants Patients with stable end-stage renal disease treated with hemodialysis who previously had hemoglobin (Hb) levels maintained with epoetin alfa. Intervention Part 1: 6-week dose-ranging study in 54 individuals of thrice-weekly oral roxadustat doses versus continuation of intravenous epoetin alfa. Part 2: 19-week treatment in 90 individuals in 6 cohorts with various starting doses and adjustment rules (1.0-2.0 mg/kg or tiered weight based) in individuals with a range of epoetin alfa responsiveness. Intravenous iron was prohibited. Outcomes Primary end point was Hb level response, defined as end-of-treatment Hb level change (ΔHb) of -0.5 g/dL or greater from baseline (part 1) and as mean Hb level ≥ 11.0 g/dL during the last 4 treatment weeks (part 2). Measurements Hepcidin, iron parameters, cholesterol, and plasma erythropoietin (the latter in a subset). Results Baseline epoetin alfa doses were 138.3 ± 51.3 (SD) and 136.3 ± 47.7 U/kg/wk in part 1 and 152.8 ± 80.6 and 173.4 ± 83.7 U/kg/wk in part 2, in individuals randomly assigned to roxadustat and epoetin alfa, respectively. Hb level responder rates in part 1 were 79% in pooled roxadustat 1.5 to 2.0 mg/kg compared to 33% in the epoetin alfa control arm (P = 0.03). Hepcidin level reduction was greater at roxadustat 2.0 mg/kg versus epoetin alfa (P < 0.05). In part 2, the average roxadustat dose requirement for Hb level maintenance was ∼1.7 mg/kg. The least-squares-mean ΔHb in roxadustat-treated individuals was comparable to that in epoetin alfa-treated individuals (about -0.5 g/dL) and the least-squares-mean difference in ΔHb between both treatment arms was -0.03 (95% CI, -0.39 to 0.33) g/dL (mixed effect model-repeated measure). Roxadustat significantly reduced mean total cholesterol levels, not observed with epoetin alfa. No safety concerns were raised. Limitations Short treatment duration and small sample size. Conclusions In this phase 2 study of anemia therapy in patients with end-stage renal disease on maintenance hemodialysis therapy, roxadustat was well tolerated and effectively maintained Hb levels. ER  - 
Comorbidity between neurological illness and psychiatric disorders$$$ Psychiatric disorders are common in many neurological disorders, including epilepsy, migraine, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, essential tremor, and stroke. These comorbidities increase disease burden and may complicate the treatment of the combined disorders. Initial studies of the comorbidity of psychiatric and neurological disorders were cross-sectional, and time order of the associations was impossible to elucidate. More recent work has clarified time associations between psychiatric disorders and neurological disorders, particularly in epilepsy and stroke where epidemiological evidence suggests that there is a bidirectional relationship. This article takes an epidemiological approach to understanding these relationships and focuses mostly on epilepsy. Although, these relationships are understood in many neurological disorders, routine screening for psychiatric disorders in neurological disorders is infrequent, mostly due to the lack of partnerships between psychiatrists and neurologists and the paucity of neuropsychiatrists. Much more needs to be done to improve the detection and treatment of patients affected by neurological and psychiatric disorders. Understanding the scope of this overlap may inspire collaborations to improve the lives of people affected by both disorders. ER  - 
Optimal duration of video-electroencephalographic monitoring to capture seizures$$$ We aimed to find the optimal duration of long-term video-electroencephalographic monitoring (VEM) to capture seizures in patients with epileptic seizures (ES) and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) by evaluating the time to first clinical event and the diagnostic yield of clinical events and positive cases in each day of VEM. Patients aged ≥18 years who underwent VEM from May 2009 to June 2014 were studied retrospectively. Demographic, clinical and VEM data (including total monitoring length, type and time to first event, total number of ES/PNES) were collected. The difference in time to the first event between ES and PNES was analysed with Mann-Whitney U test. Of 207 VEM studies performed during the 5 year period, 108 recordings captured seizures (ES and PNES) (52.2%). Median times to the first ES and PNES were 19.7 and 23.4 hours, respectively (p = 0.99). A small majority (53.7%) of event-positive patients had their first event on the first day of monitoring. By the end of the fifth day, 98% of all clinical events were captured and 99% of all positive cases were diagnosed. In conclusion, in a patient monitoring program where a diagnosis is reached by capturing seizures, 5 days is probably sufficient to capture the greatest number of events and diagnose 99% of those patients. ER  - 
Profile of neurological disorders in an adult neurology clinic in Kumasi, Ghana$$$ Background: Although the burden of neurological disorders is highest among populations in developing countries there is a dearth of data on the clinical spectrum of these disorders. Objective: To profile the frequency of neurologic disorders and basic demographic data in an adult neurology out-patient service commissioned in 2011 in Kumasi, Ghana. Methods: The study was conducted at the neurology clinic of the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital in Kumasi, Ghana. Over a three year period, all medical records of patients enrolled at the out-patient neurology clinic was reviewed by a neurologist and neurological diagnoses classified according to ICD-10. Results: 1812 adults enrolled for care in the neurology out-patient service between 2011 and 2013. This comprised of 882 males and 930 females (male: female ratio of 1.0: 1.1) with an overall median age of 54 (IQR, 39-69) years. The commonest primary neurological disorders seen were strokes, epilepsy and seizure disorders, and movement disorders at frequencies of 57.1%, 19.8%, and 8.2% respectively. Conclusions: Cerebrovascular diseases, epilepsy and movement disorders were among the commonest neurological disorders and the major contributors to neurologic morbidity among Ghanaians in an urban neurology clinic. ER  - 
Protocol of the stroke in Korean young adults study: A multicenter case-control study and prospective cohort study$$$ Background The incidence of ischemic stroke in young adults has been rising over recent decades, but there is still limited information on its risk factors, etiologies, and outcomes. Because these patients generally participate in social life, risk factors associated with lifestyle may have a great impact and need to be identified. Methods The SKY (Stroke in Korean Young Adults) study is a multicenter case-control study and a prospective cohort study in 8 tertiary medical centers in the Republic of Korea. The case subjects are patients aged 18-44 years with first-ever ischemic stroke occurring within 1 month of stroke onset, and the control subjects are age- and gender-matched community controls. Our aim is to include 470 cases and 470 controls. The main objective of our study is to determine the risk factors and the causes of ischemic stroke in Korean young adults. Both well-documented risk factors and little-known lifestyle-related risk factors such as lifestyle habits and psychological distress including job strain will be evaluated by comparing cases and controls using a structured questionnaire. Secondary objectives are to determine the risks of mortality, recurrent vascular events, and poststroke epilepsy in these patients. Conditional logistic regression analysis will be used to estimate odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals. Conclusions The SKY study is designed to obtain more insights into relatively little-known risk factors in young Korean adults with ischemic stroke. The results may also help identify the frequencies of uncommon etiologies and outcomes in these patients. ER  - 
Outcomes of bacterial meningitis in children$$$ Objective: Pediatricians are well aware of the immediate risks of bacterial meningitis in children. However, the long-term outcome of the disease has not been extensively studied. We aimed: (i) to evaluate the duration and quality of the long-term follow-up of children diagnosed with bacterial meningitis in a general pediatric department, (ii) to estimate the incidence of sequelae at the various stages of follow-up, and (iii) to compare our data with that of other studies. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study and included 34 children (3 months-15 years) who had been hospitalized for bacterial meningitis in the pediatric department of a University Hospital between January 1st, 2001 and December 31st, 2013. Results: Overall, 32% of patients presented with sequelae and 15% with seizures. Only one patient presented with hearing loss, but 23.5% of patients did not have any hearing test performed. Seven patients had a neuropsychological assessment performed and no severe neuropsychological sequela was observed in this group. The average follow-up duration increased during the study period (from 23 to 49 months). The long-term follow-up modalities observed in other studies were highly variable. Assessing the incidence and severity of sequelae was therefore difficult. Conclusion: A standardized follow-up should be implemented by way of a national surveillance network of children presenting with bacterial meningitis. ER  - 
Ictal crying$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to describe a series of patients with ictal crying to estimate its occurrence and characterize the clinical features and the underlying etiology. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed all the long-term video-EEG reports from Jefferson Comprehensive Epilepsy Center over a 12-year period (2004-2015) for the occurrence of the terms "cry" or "sob" or "weep" in the text body. All the extracted reports were reviewed, and patients with at least one episode of documented ictal crying at the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) were included in the study. Results: During the study period, 5133 patients were investigated at our EMU. Thirty-two patients (0.6%) had at least one documented seizure accompanied by crying. Twenty-seven patients (26 women and one man) had psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), and five patients (0.1%) had epilepsy. Among patients with epileptic ictal crying, four patients had focal epilepsy (two had definite, and two had probable frontal lobe epilepsy), while one patient had Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Conclusion: Ictal crying is a rare finding among patients evaluated at the EMUs. The most common underlying etiology for ictal crying is PNES. However, ictal crying is not a specific sign for PNES. Epileptic ictal crying is often a rare type of partial seizure in patients with focal epilepsy. Dacrystic seizures do not provide clinical value in predicting localization of the epileptogenic zone. ER  - 
Prevalence and distribution of MRI abnormalities in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic events$$$ Introduction: Both structural and functional abnormalities have been reported in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic events (PNEEs), although no truly consistent abnormalities have been found. Methods: We retrospectively identified patients discharged from our EMU with video-EEG diagnoses of epileptic seizures, PNEEs, epileptic seizures plus PNEEs, interictal epileptiform abnormalities only, and nondiagnostic admissions. We then collected brain MRI results for analysis. Results: We found significant brain MRI abnormalities in 33.8% of patients with PNEEs, clearly higher than the rate of brain MRI abnormalities in the healthy population. In addition, we found statistically significant differences in the locations of brain MRI abnormalities in patients with epileptic seizures (more frequently temporal) versus PNEEs (more frequently multifocal). Conclusion: This multifocal nature of abnormalities in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic events may help to explain the underlying pathophysiology as it relates to psychiatric disorders which are so frequently comorbid with PNEEs. ER  - 
Pattern of in-patient neurologic review: An experience from a Tertiary Hospital North-Western Nigeria$$$ Background: Increase in neurologic diseases burden has increased the demand for neurology services globally, despite the shortcomings of shortage and maldistribution of neurologists worldwide, including Sub-Saharan Africa. This has placed significant pressure on the few available neurologists to provide optimal and effective services in our resource-challenged settings. Methods: Neurology referrals were prospectively reviewed over a period of 3 months. Sociodemographic characteristics of the patients, the initial diagnosis by the requesting team, the reasons for the consult/referral, the requesting personnel, duration of hospital stay before request, the time interval between receiving the request and review, the working and final diagnosis after the review, and the diagnostic outcome of neurologic review were analyzed using Predictive Analytics Software® version 18.0.0 for Windows (Chicago, Illinois, USA). Results: Fifty-three hand written in-patient requests were reviewed over the period of study given an average rate of 4.4/week. The mean age was 50.8 ± 16.1 years, and the median length of stay before a review was 1 day (interquartile range: 1-2.5 days). Diagnostic outcome of the reviews were; new diagnoses in 4 (11.3%), the incorrect diagnosis changed in 8 (15.1%), contribution to the differential diagnosis in 15 (28.3%), and contribution to management plans in 24 (45.3%) patients. The association between diagnostic outcomes and mortality in our study was not statistically significant (χ2 = 6.66, P = 0.08). Conclusion: Our study showed that in-patient neurologic reviews led to significant improvement in diagnostic and management plans. Appropriate policy guidelines should focus more on efficient ways of maximizing benefits of these reviews to patients without overburdening the few available neurologists in our environment. ER  - 
Comparing mental health of school-age children with and without epilepsy$$$ Objective Mental health problems frequently occur in children with epilepsy but the diagnosis is frequently missed and therapeutic opportunities are often lost. The aim of this study was to compare mental health statues between school-aged children with epilepsy and the healthy group. Materials & Methods In this case, control study, 120 children aged 6 to 12 years with idiopathic epilepsy and 240 healthy control groups were followed up. Children with epilepsy were enrolled from Iranian Epilepsy Association in 2014. The parent version of Child Symptom Inventory-4 questionnaire was used. Mean comparisons were performed using Student’s t test while effect sizes were estimated by Cohen’s d coefficient. The Chi-Square test was used to assess the difference between frequency distribution of demographic variables in both groups. The significance level was considered less than 0.05. Results There were statistically significant differences between children with epilepsy and control group as for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, major depression, separation anxiety, social phobia, motor and vocal tics and oppositional defiant disorder. Conclusion The carefully evaluating and prospectively following the psychopathology symptom of children with epilepsy are critical for early identification, prevention and treatment. ER  - 
Comorbidities and inpatient mortality for pemphigus in the U.S.A.$$$ Background: The morbidity and mortality associated with pemphigus and its treatments have not been fully described. Previous studies have found conflicting results about certain comorbidities and were limited by small sample sizes. Objectives: To determine the morbidity and mortality from pemphigus and its treatments in the U.S.A. Methods: We examined a cross-sectional cohort of 87 039 711 hospitalized patients in the U.S.A. to determine the inpatient comorbidities and mortality of pemphigus. Results: In multivariate survey logistic regression models adjusting for age, sex and race/ethnicity, pemphigus and its treatments were associated with 39 of 122 comorbidities examined. The disorders most strongly associated with pemphigus were Cushing syndrome [adjusted odds ratio (OR) 17·23, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2·41–122·90], adrenal insufficiency (4·08, 1·71–9·73), myasthenia gravis (6·92, 2·55–18·79), mucositis (17·19, 7·73–38·22), herpes infection (7·98, 3·62–17·62), fungal infections (4·03, 3·60–4·52), insomnia (18·02, 2·46–131·88) and hidradenitis (5·34, 1·33–21·43). Among malignancies, only leukaemia (OR 1·56, 95% CI 1·08–2·24) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (1·52, 1·15–2·03) were associated with pemphigus, but not any solid organ malignancies. Patients with a secondary diagnosis of pemphigus had higher inpatient mortality (3·20%, 95% CI 2·71–3·69) than those with a primary (1·60%, 1·29–1·91) or no (1·78%, 1·78–1·78) diagnosis of pemphigus (P < 0·001). Conclusions: Pemphigus is associated with increased inpatient mortality, likely through its association with numerous comorbid health conditions. Patients with pemphigus require improved access to dermatological care and increased screening for the myriad of comorbidities. ER  - 
Quantifying alcohol-related emergency admissions in a UK tertiary referral hospital: A cross-sectional study of chronic alcohol dependency and acute alcohol intoxication$$$ Objectives: Alcohol is responsible for a proportion of emergency admissions to hospital, with acute alcohol intoxication and chronic alcohol dependency (CAD) implicated. This study aims to quantify the proportion of hospital admissions through our emergency department (ED) which were thought by the admitting doctor to be (largely or partially) a result of alcohol consumption. Setting: ED of a UK tertiary referral hospital. Participants: All ED admissions occurring over 14 weeks from 1 September to 8 December 2012. Data obtained for 5497 of 5746 admissions (95.67%). Primary outcome measures: Proportion of emergency admissions related to alcohol as defined by the admitting ED clinician. Secondary outcome measures: Proportion of emergency admissions due to alcohol diagnosed with acute alcohol intoxication or CAD according to ICD-10 criteria. Results: 1152 (21.0%, 95% CI 19.9% to 22.0%) of emergency admissions were thought to be due to alcohol. 74.6% of patients admitted due to alcohol had CAD, and significantly greater than the 26.4% with 'Severe' or 'Very Severe' acute alcohol intoxication (p<0.001). Admissions due to alcohol differed to admissions not due to alcohol being on average younger (45 vs 56 years, p<0.001) more often male (73.4% vs 45.1% males, p<0.001) and more likely to have a diagnosis synonymous with alcohol or related to recreational drug use, pancreatitis, deliberate self-harm, head injury, gastritis, suicidal ideation, upper gastrointestinal bleeds or seizures (p<0.001). An increase in admissions due to alcohol on Saturdays reflects a surge in admissions with acute alcohol intoxication above the weekly average (p=0.003). Conclusions: Alcohol was thought to be implicated in 21% of emergency admissions in this cohort. CAD is responsible for a significantly greater proportion of admissions due to alcohol than acute intoxication. Interventions designed to reduce alcohol-related admissions must incorporate measures to tackle CAD. ER  - 
Cognitive Profile of Zonisamide and Valproic Acid in the Treatment of Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy: A Comparative Observational Study$$$ Introduction: Calls for an alternative to valproic acid (VPA) as drug of choice for idiopathic generalized epilepsies (IGEs) have intensified since the recent International League Against Epilepsy recommendation that the drug should not be administered to women of childbearing age. Zonisamide (ZNS), a third-generation antiepileptic drug, has proven effective in generalized seizures and could be considered an alternative to VPA in this population. Objectives: The present study was designed to examine possible differences in cognitive profile between ZNS and VPA as monotherapy in patients with IGE in real-life settings. Methods: We conducted a comparative, descriptive, observational, retrospective cohort study in two groups of patients diagnosed with IGE treated with ZNS ≥200 mg/day or VPA ≥1000 mg/day as stable monotherapy for at least the previous 6 months. We used specific neuropsychological tests for short- and long-term mnemonic functions, working memory, visuospatial speed, attention and processing speed, verbal fluency, executive functions, visual perception, abstraction, anxiety, depression, and apathy. Results: We included 16 patients in the study: eight in the VPA and eight in the ZNS group. Significantly superior mean scores were obtained by the VPA group in working memory (Forward Digits test) and by the ZNS group in execution time for the Rey–Osterrieth complex figure test. No statistically significant differences were found between the groups in the remaining tests. Conclusion: Zonisamide as monotherapy has a similar cognitive profile to that of VPA in patients with IGE. The final treatment selection setting should be individualized. ZNS may be a reasonable alternative to VPA in some cases in this population. ER  - 
Incidence and risk factors for neuropsychiatric events among Ghanaian HIV patients on long-term non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor-based therapy$$$ Background Non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI)-based antiretroviral therapy (ART) is associated with neuropsychiatric toxicity. Little is known about the risk of short- and long-term neuropsychiatric toxicity in sub-Saharan Africa, where NNRTIs are widely used in first-line combination ART. This observational study assessed the risk of neuropsychiatric toxicity in Ghanaian patients starting first-line ART between 2004 and 2010 at a single centre. Methods In this retrospective observational study, frequencies of documented neuropsychiatric toxicity events were assessed and time to events calculated using a Kaplan–Meier analysis. Associations of neuropsychiatric toxicity with specific NNRTIs and other explanatory variables were examined using Cox proportional hazards modelling. Results Of 3999 patients initiating NNRTI-based ART, who were followed for a median of 30 (0.25–90) months (11,237 person years), 218 (5.5%) reported symptoms of neuropsychiatric toxicity at a rate of 21.4 events per 1000 person-years (95% CI, 18.8–24.2/1000 py). Events were more common with efavirenz than nevirapine (7.6% versus 2.4%), were usually reported within the first 2 months of ART initiation and persisted up to 84 months in a few patients. The most commonly reported neuropsychiatric adverse drug reactions were insomnia (50%), headaches (8%), dizziness (7%) and abnormal dreams (6%). The factors independently associated with neuropsychiatric toxicity were BMI < 16 kg/m2 (aHR of 1.44 [95% CI, 1.02–2.03]) and use of efavirenz (aHR 3.29 [95% CI, 2.32–4.69]). Substitution of NNRTI on account of toxicity was reported in up to 17% of patients experiencing neuropsychiatric events. Conclusions NNRTI-related neuropsychiatric toxicity, mainly due to efavirenz, was infrequently documented in this Ghanaian cohort under routine clinical care settings. Regimens with more favourable tolerability will be needed as first-line agents in sub-Saharan Africa in the coming years. ER  - 
Fibromyalgia and seizures$$$ The purpose of this case-matched study was to determine how frequently fibromyalgia is associated with different paroxysmal neurological disorders and explore the utility of fibromyalgia as a predictor for the diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. The billing diagnosis codes of 1,730 new, non-selected patient encounters were reviewed over a three-year period for an epileptologist in a neurology clinic to identify all patients with historical diagnoses offibromyalgia.Thefrequency with which epileptic seizures, psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, and physiological non-epileptic events were comorbid with fibromyalgia was assessed. Age and gender case-matched controlswere used for a between-group comparison. Wilcoxon tests were used to analyse interval data, and Chi-square was used to analyse categorical data (p<0.05). Fibromyalgia was retrospectively identified in 95/1,730 (5.5%) patients in this cohort. Females represented95% of the fibromyalgia sample (age: 53 years; 95% CI: 57, 51). Forty-three percent of those with fibromyalgia had a non-paroxysmal, neurological primary clinical diagnosis, most commonly chronic pain. Paroxysmal events were present in 57% of fibromyalgia patients and 54% of case-matched controls. Among patients with fibromyalgia and paroxysmal disorders, 11% had epileptic seizures, 74% had psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, and 15% had physiological non-epileptic events, compared to case-matched controls with 37% epileptic seizures, 51% psychogenic non-epileptic events, and 12% physiological non-epileptic events (p = 0.009). Fibromyalgia was shown to be a predictor for the diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in patients with undifferentiated paroxysmal spells. However, our results suggest that the specificity and sensitivity of fibromyalgia as a marker for psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in a mixed general neurological population of patients is less than previously described. ER  - 
One-year clinical experience of perampanel in Spain: A multicentre study of efficacy and tolerability$$$ Perampanel, a non-competitive antagonist of the α-amino-3- hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole-propionic acid receptors, is the most recent antiepileptic drug available in Spain, marketed in January 2014. It was initially approved by the European Medicines Agency as adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures in patients 12 years and older, but recently also for primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Although clinical trials provide essential information about the drug, they do not reflect daily clinical practice. This retrospective study shows the initial experience with perampanel in 11 Spanish hospitals during its first year post-commercialisation. All patients who started perampanel treatment were included, but efficacy and tolerability were only assessed in those patients with a minimum follow-up period of six months. In total, 256 patientswere treated with perampanel before September 2014, and 253 had an observational period of one year. After six months, 216/256 patients (84%) continued on perampanel and 180/253 (71.1%) completedoneyear of treatment. Themean number of previous antiepileptic drugs usedwas 6.83 and the median number of concomitant antiepileptic drugs was 2. The mean perampanel dose was 7.06 mg and 8.26 mg at six and 12 months, respectively. The responder rate was 39.5% and 35.9% at both follow-up points, respectively. Adverse events were experienced by 91/253 (35.5%) and resulted in withdrawal in 37 (14.6%). The most common adverse events were somnolence, dizziness, and irritability. We found no significant differences between concomitant use of enzyme-inducing and non-inducing antiepileptic drugs, regarding efficacy, adverse effects, or withdrawals. Irritability was not influenced by concomitant use of levetiracetam, relative to other drugs, but was more frequently observed in patients with a history of psychiatric problems or learning disabilities. ER  - 
Survey of Physicians’ Understanding of Specific Risks Associated with Retigabine$$$ Background: Following reports of discoloration, including retinal pigmentation, in addition to known significant risks of urinary retention, central nervous system effects, and QTc prolongation, the retigabine indication was restricted to adjunctive treatment of partial onset seizures where other appropriate drug combinations have proved inadequate or have not been tolerated. Objective: To ascertain the effectiveness of educational initiatives as reflected in physicians’ understanding of retigabine-associated risks, management, and patient selection. Methodology: An online, cross-sectional survey, designated a post-authorization safety study (24/9/2014–30/1/2015), recruited retigabine prescribers (RP) and retigabine non-prescribers (RNP) in seven countries, who had been sent a retigabine Dear Health Care Professional letter (June 2013). Questions tested understanding of the significant risks associated with retigabine. Results: 414/467 participants completed all questions (RP, n = 141; RNP, n = 273) and were included in the analysis. 74.2 % of these participants (RP, 77.3 %; RNP, 72.5 %) correctly identified the label indication. 81.9 % of participants (RP, 86.5 %; RNP, 79.5 %) recognized that specific retigabine-associated risks included pigment changes of ocular tissues, including the retina. 81.6 % of participants (RP, 87.2 %; RNP, 78.8 %) recognized that a comprehensive ophthalmologic examination is required. 99.8 % of participants (RP, 100.0 %; RNP, 99.6 %) acknowledged the requirement for action in case of retinal pigmentation or vision changes. RP and RNP results were similar to the overall participants’ analysis, with a trend toward stronger understanding among RP. Conclusion: Most participants recognized the appropriate population for retigabine treatment and the requirement to monitor for adverse events including retinal pigmentation and vision changes. Understanding was satisfactory among RNP but stronger among RP. ER  - 
The preventive role of low-dose intravenous ketamine on postoperative shivering in children: A placebo randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Postoperative shivering is a major problem in children undergoing general anesthesia. Objectives: The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of low-dose intravenous ketamine for prevention of shivering after induction of general anesthesia in children who had undergone tonsillectomy. PatientsandMethods: This was a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial including 80 children, of American society of anesthesiologists (ASA) physical status I or II, scheduled for tonsillectomy under general anesthesia who were randomly assigned to an intravenous ketamine (0.5 mg/kg, n = 40; group K) group or matched dose placebo (n = 40; group N) group. Surgical and demographic data, unexpected side effects, and the occurrence of shivering for each child were assessed by a blinded observer at the following time points: T0, in the recovery room; T10, at 10 minutes; T20, at 20 minutes; T30, and at 30 minutes. Results: With regards to the demographic and surgical data, no significant differences between the two study groups were observed (P≥ 0.05). Shivering intensity in children who had received ketamine was significantly lower than children who had not received ketamine, at T0, T10, T20, and T30 after arrival (P < 0.05). There were no significant differences in hallucination, nausea, vomiting, hemodynamic dysfunction, blurred vision, and seizure in the K group compared with the N group (P≥ 0.05). Conclusions: Administration of intravenous ketamine at a dosage of 0.5 mg/kg immediately after anesthesia induction had a preventive effectonshivering intensity withouthemodynamicalterations in children undergoing general anesthesia for tonsillectomy. ER  - 
Comparing psychosocial risk factors in patients with functional movement disorders and patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Objective: To compare the trauma histories and psychopathological comorbidities in patients with functional (psychogenic) movements disorders (FMD) to patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Background: Functional neurological disorders represent challenging and common diagnoses, representing an estimated 10-33% of patients seen in outpatient neurology clinics. The differences accounting for specific functional phenotypes remains unclear. Methods: In this ongoing prospective study, 49 patients with clinically definite FMD, 23 patients with PNES documented by video-EEG, and 48 age- and gender-matched healthy controls (HCs) were evaluated for history of trauma using the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ) and Traumatic Life Events Questionnaire (TLEQ). Participants were screened for psychiatric diagnoses using a structured clinical interview (SCID, Version IV-TR), and personality traits were assessed using the NEO PI-R. Measures were transformed to achieve approximately normal distributions, and ANOVA was used to compare groups. Results: Patients with PNES reported greater childhood trauma (p=0.011) and greater lifetime traumatic events (p=0.018) than patients with FMD and HCs. Paradoxically, both FMD and PNES patients reported decreased fear experienced during traumatic life events as compared to HCs (p=0.008). Both patient groups demonstrated increased neuroticism as compared to HCs (p<0.001). Conclusions: Psychosocial risk factors, including childhood and lifetime trauma history, differ significantly between FMD and PNES patients, suggesting that the mechanism for disease pathogenesis may differ for different functional neurological phenotypes. ER  - 
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms in pediatric epilepsy: Differences between focal onset and generalized seizure disorders$$$ Background: Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a common comorbidity in pediatric epilepsy, with a prevalence approximating 40%. The predominantly inattentive subtype of ADHD may be particularly common. Less is understood about the impact of specific epilepsy subtypes upon ADHD comorbidity. Objective: Assess whether ADHD symptom presence varies depending upon epilepsy subtype. Methods: A retrospective review was conducted from a tertiary care Neuropsychiatry and Epilepsy Specialty Outpatient Program. The records were obtained over a one year period from a clinical sample of prospectively collected data. Case records from 36 children and adolescents with full data, all of whom had confirmed epilepsy were included. The sample was restricted to those with average range IQ. All patients underwent clinical evaluation, and caregivers completed standardized questionnaire measures assessing general psychiatric symptoms including executive function and ADHD symptoms (Swanson, Nolan and Pelham Scale: SNAP). Results: 21 children had generalized seizures (age range 3-16, average 9.28, 17 male). 15 children had focal seizures (age range 5-17, average 11.15, 14 male). On the SNAP scale, overall ADHD symptoms were more common in the generalized epilepsy group than in the focal epilepsy group (Chi-square 5.143; Fisher exact test: p=0.0409). On a global executive function measure (BRIEF), the generalized epilepsy group had worse function than the focal group, but only trended toward significance (Chi square 3.540; Fisher exact test: p=0.0599). Conclusion: ADHD may be more common in children with generalized epilepsy than with focal epilepsy. Further study with a larger sample size is necessary to confirm results. ER  - 
2016 American Neuropsychiatric Association Annual Meeting Abstracts$$$ The proceedings contain 98 papers. The topics discussed include: aggression following traumatic brain injury: could seizures play a role?; effects of methylphenidate on cognition, quality of life, and seizure frequency in adults with epilepsy: a 1-month open-label trial; dysregulated energy transduction in sporadic Alzheimer's disease; atypical post-TBI manic symptoms in a patient with pre-injury major depressive disorder; routine genetic testing in patients with intellectual disabilities and behavioral disturbances; managing the neuropsychiatric manifestations of frontal lobe syndrome: a case report; differentiating between bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder using resting-state functional connectivity; and vascular depressive disorder after intracerebral hemorrhage: risk factors and prognostic implications. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations in pediatric-onset systemic lupus erythematosus: Experience of a spanish tertiary center$$$ Background: The neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations are an important cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with pediatric-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (pSLE). The prevalence of these manifestations ranges from 29% to 44% in different series, but data in the spanish pediatric population are scarce. Objectives: To analyze the clinical and immunological features of patients with pSLE and NP followed in a Spanish tertiary center. Methods: We performed a retrospective study of 49 patients with pSLE diagnosed between 1985 and 2005 in our center. The ACR NPSLE case definitions were used for classification. Demographic, clinical and immunological data were obtained through review of their medical charts. Results: Twenty six patients (53%) developed NP manifestations. Mean age was 13.6 years and female: male ratio was 2.7:1. NP manifestations were present at the beginning of the disease in 7 cases (26.9%) and the mean time to develop them was 30.5 months. The most common presentations of NPSLE were seizures (50%), headache (26.9%), mood disorder/depression (26.9%), psychosis (19.2%), cerebrovascular disease (15.3%) and aseptic meningitis (15.3%). There was more than one NP manifestation in 15 cases (57.7%), with an average of 2.4 manifestations/patient. The comparison of patients with and without NPSLE demonstrated significant diffences (p<0.05) in the number of males, titers of antinuclear antibodies (ANA) and anti-DNA antibodies, positivity for anti-β2-glicoprotein I (β2;GPI) and cryoglobulins, high erythrosedimentation rate (ESR) and low complement (C3, C4) (Table 1). There were 2 cases of mortality in NPSLE (7.7%) during follow-up period, one as a result of infection of the central nervous system and another due to sepsis associated with intestinal thrombosis. Conclusions: In our series >50% of patients had NPSLE manifestations and frequently occurred early during the course of the disease. The clinical spectrum of NPSLE was wide in our cases and most of them had more than one manifestation. Patients with NPSLE showed a higher disease activity as measured by levels of autoantibodies, increased acute-phase reactants and low complement. Although NPSLE has been associated with antiphospholipid antibodies in other series, specifically anticardiolipin antibodies and lupus anticoagulant, we only found significant association with anti-β2;GPI antibodies. Mortality in patients with NPSLE was high. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Effects of home antipsychotic reinitiation in ICU patients with a history of mental illness$$$ Original Research. Background: In the critically ill population, the incidence of mental illness is common. Abrupt discontinuation of psychotropics upon admission can lead to complications including acute destabilization. Psychiatric decompensation in critically ill patients can worsen medical outcomes, decrease adherence to treatment plans, and increase requirements for doses of as needed (PRN) medications, such as benzodiazepines, for agitation or restlessness. Increased usage of benzodiazepines is linked with increased rates of ICU delirium. Therefore, it is crucial to restart home psychotropic medications as soon as possible upon admittance to the hospital Objectives: 1. Evaluate the total number of agitation episodes requiring pharmacotherapy intervention between patient who had restarted home medications in the ICU and those who had not. 2. Evaluate the total usage of PRN benzodiazepines and antipsychotics between patient groups who had restarted home medications in the ICU and those who had not. Methods: Data will be collected retrospectively from November 2014 to October 2015 to evaluate patients admitted to the ICU with a history of mental illness and home psychotropic use who had PRN benzodiazepines or antipsychotics ordered during ICU admission. Patients will be separated from other patients by manual evaluation of patient history and physical notes in charts. Patients with a history of seizures, active substance abuse, detoxification protocols ordered, or on continuous benzodiazepine infusions will be excluded. Charts will be evaluated to discern whether or not a home psychotropic regimen was present. These patients will then be further separated based upon whether or not home psychotropic medications were restarted. One hundred patients will be randomly selected and compared. Outcomes: The number of agitation episodes requiring pharmacotherapy interventions will be documented. The difference in PRN medication use between the two groups will be expressed as total doses given and average daily dose of benzodiazepines in diazepam equivalents and total doses of antipsychotics in chlorpromazine equivalents. ER  - 
Evaluation of lithium medication-related problems on non-psychiatric inpatient medicalunits$$$ Original Research. Background: Lithium is a mood stabilizer that is U. S. Food and Drug Administration approved for acute mania and maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder. Lithium is also utilized offlabel for other indications such as augmentation of major depressive disorder. Lithium has several safety concerns including a narrow therapeutic index, renal dosage adjustments, and many significant drug-drug interactions. Severe toxicity may lead to seizures, renal insufficiency, coma, cardiac dysrhythmias, and death. Medications with a narrow therapeutic index, such as lithium are a common source of medication-related problems. Medication-related problems, many of which may be preventable, can lead to increased emergency department visits, hospital admissions, and increased patient morbidity and mortality. Objectives: The primary objective is to identify any patient specific factors associated with lithium medication-related problems on non-psychiatric inpatient medical units. The secondary objectives are to characterize lithium medication-related problems and describe if any intervention was necessary to resolve the medication-related problem and if an intervention was made. Methods: This is an Institutional Review Board approved, retrospective, electronic medical record review of lithium medication-related problems. Patients who received a dose of lithium or had a lithium level drawn during an inpatient hospitalization at Virginia Commonwealth University Health System from October 1, 2013 to June 30, 2015 were considered for study inclusion. Age less than 6 years, current admission to an inpatient psychiatric unit, pregnant women, and prisoners were excluded. Logistic regression analysis will be utilized to identify any patient specific factors associated with lithium medication-related problems. Patient specific factors evaluated include age, length of stay, medical service, psychiatry consult obtained, congestive heart failure, and greater than six medications received during hospitalization. Descriptive statistics will be utilized for the secondary objectives. Outcomes: Data collection is complete and analysis is currently in process with the results to be presented. Patient specific factors associated with lithium medication-related problems will be reported. The number and types of medication-related problems will be described for each patient as well as if an intervention was necessary and if any intervention was made. Areas of quality improvement and education will be identified. ER  - 
Gamma knife versus open surgery for epilepsy: A longitudinal neuropsychological profiling study$$$ Introduction: Neuropsychological evaluations of preoperative epilepsy surgical candidates have been a routine portion of the multidisciplinary evaluation at most epilepsy centres for decades, hence, it is a laid fact that neuropsychology has played a prominent role throughout the modern era of epilepsy surgery. It has been explored as a means to predict and identify postoperative cognitive deficits after resections (chiefly temporal lobe), and in numerically quantifying those changes that do occur. In addition, neuropsychological results have some predicative power regarding seizure outcome following anterior temporal lobotomy. Aim: To compare the neuropsychological outcomes in patients with pharmaco-resistant mesial temporal lobe epilepsy undergoing radio surgery and temporal lobe surgery, in particular with respect to verbal memory, visuoconstructive ability, attention and new learning ability function for language-dominant hemisphere treated patients along with psychosocial intervention. Methods: A sample of 6 randomized consenting subjects were assessed longitudinally on standardized neuropsychological tests namely, verbal memory and learning (AVLT), visuo-constructive memory (CFT), new learning ability (PGIMS, subtest-8), attention (colour trail 1 and 2), depression (BDI) and anxiety (BAI) from baseline to the 36 month assessment (4 follow-ups annually during the 3 year period). Result: Descriptive statistical analysis shows that there was no statistical significant difference between the groups; i.e the type of epilepsy surgery (radio surgery or temporal lobe surgery) does not affect neuropsychological profile. While there was improved neuropsychological profile more in temporal lobe surgery group than in radio-surgery group over 3 year assessment. Temporal lobe surgery group has improved visuo-constructive ability (8.3±3.8; 15.6±7.4; 28.3±20.8; 30.0±31.2), learning ability (25.8±29.8; 34.1±39.8; 35.8±31.6; 57.5±44.2), delayed memory (15±13.2; 23.3±23.6; 25.0±22.9; 21.6±24.6), attention(43.3±29.1; 77.0±28.2; 58.2±71.0; 84.3±81.0) along with reduced depression and anxiety respectively over 3 year period of time, as compared to radio surgery group where only visuo constructive ability(10.0±4.3; 14.2±7.6; 30.0±2.5; 43.3±10.4) and new learning ability (70±20; 83±11; 90±0; 90±0) was found be improved. Conclusion: Neuropsychological testing is useful as a means of prediction and risk stratification for postoperative cognitive changes after epilepsy surgery, irrespective of type of surgery. Among the assessments, there are no statistically significant changes in the neuropsychological outcomes, though, there is an evidence of clinically significant results, however, due to small sample size, no conclusive claim can be made. ER  - 
The treatment of foci resection and bipolar electro-coagulation on functional cortex in multifocal epilepsy associated with tuberous sclerosis complex involving eloquent cortex$$$ Objectives: Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC)-associated epilepsy is medically refractory seizures secondary to cortical tubers and leads to mental retardation in childhood. TSC patients are often with refractory epilepsy involving eloquent and noneloquent cortex in multiple lobes and multiple independent seizure foci which made these patients poor candidates for conventional surgery. We have previously presented that the approach of pure bipolar electro-coagulation on functional cortex (BCFC) in the treatment of unifocal epilepsy involving eloquent areas is effective, safe and easy to use. This report describes our long-term follow-up for combined resective surgery and BCFC in TSC patients with refractory epilepsy involving eloquent and noneloquent cortex. Methods: 8 patients aged from 8 to 31 years were admitted with epilepsy. The cranial computerized tomography (CT) showed cortical and subependymal calcification, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) demonstratedmultiple cortical tubers. All patients were with drug resistant epilepsy, despite treatment with two antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Initiated combination therapy of foci resection and BCFC for epilepsy management between May 2004 and May 2012, the patients were retrospectively reviewed with regard to seizure outcome, postoperative complications. Results: The combination therapy of foci resection and BCFC resulted in remarkable improvement in patient's ambulation and cessation of seizures. Engel class I outcome was achieved in 3 patients, Engel class II in 3 patients, Engel class III in 1 patient and Engel class IV in 1 patient. All patients were with no permanent neurological deficit noticed during a standard clinical examination. In addition, all patients showed some improvement in behavior or cognitive function (Figs. 1-3). Conclusions: The combination therapy of foci resection and BCFC is an effective and safe surgical approach for the treatment of TSC-associated epilepsy involving eloquent cortex. ER  - 
...Epilepsy$$$ Backround and purpose: Neurostimulation is an emerging treatment for neuropsychiatric disorders. Excitabilityreducing neurostimulation is pursued as an alternative therapeutic strategy for refractory epilepsy when drugs and surgery fail or are not indicated. For intracranial neurostimulation, stimulation electrodes are inserted into intracerebral targets in 'deep brain stimulation' (DBS) or placed over the cortical convexity for 'cortical stimulation' (CS) to administer electrical pulses to central nervous system structures. These modalities of neurostimulation are not entirely new for neurological indications. Some have been extensively applied in movement disorders and pain. Several new indications such as obsessive compulsive behaviour and cluster headache are being investigated with promising results. In the past DBS and CS of different brain structures such as the cerebellum, the locus coeruleus and the thalamus were performed mainly in patients with spasticity or psychiatric disorders who had epilepsy as a comorbidity. The vast progress in biotechnology along with the experience in other neurological diseases in the past ten years has led to a renewed interest in intracerebral stimulation for epilepsy. Several epilepsy centers around the world have recently conducted trials with DBS in different intracerebral structures such as the thalamus, the subthalamic nucleus, the caudate nucleus and medial temporal lobe structures. Also CS has been investigated in a multicenter trial in a socalled closed-loop system. Especially CS of eloquent cortex may be developed into a valuable alternative for resective surgery to treat refractory partial focal seizures arising from eloquent cortex. ER  - 
Retrospective study on outcome of treatment of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Background and aims: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizure (PNES) is a major differential diagnostic entity for epileptic seizures. Therapeutic options for PNES are still limited, and there is a lack of published evidence on their efficacy. Methods: Data of patients treated in a 5-years period (2010-14) at our tertiary epilepsy centre, were retrospectively analysed. After the diagnosis was established based on ictal video-EEG recordings (in 85%), the patients were evaluated by a neuropsychologist and a psychiatrist. The therapeutic course comprised 12 psychotherapy sessions, in outpatient setting. Follow-up phone interviews were done at 12 and 24 months after the therapy. Seizure reduction was the primary outcome measure. Psychiatric comorbidity and global severity index (GSI) were measured as well by using SCL-90 self-administered questionnaire. Results: Eighty-nine of the referred patients (N=172) started the therapeutic course, and 32% dropped out due to severe psychic comorbidity. Forty-six patients completed the treatment and were included in the final analysis. Significant seizure-reduction was achieved in 78% (36/46). Eight of the 14 patients who achieved 2 years' follow-up still had good seizure reduction (>75%). Only 6 of the 36 screened patients med the criteria of PTSD (posttraumatic distress syndrome). Among patients evaluated by psychiatrist (26/46), depression was the most common comorbidity (73%). Conclusion: Our results further support the literature data concerning high efficacy of psychological treatment on seizure reduction and the underlying comorbidity. The establishment and communication of the right diagnosis has major impact for therapeutic efficacy. Multidisciplinary teams are needed for further research on therapy including life-quality measures. ER  - 
Development of a rating tool to determine prognosis in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Introduction: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are defined as episodes of altered movement, sensation or experience similar to epilepsy but caused by a psychological process and not abnormal electrical discharges in the brain. 25-40 % of patients evaluated for intractable epilepsy have PNES and prognosis has traditionally been poor. Aim: To develop and validate a rating tool for use in determining prognosis in patients with PNES Methods: A 21 point rating tool was developed according to clinical expertise and available evidence. A descriptive, quantitative, cross sectional study design was used. Medical records of patients with video-EEG confirmed PNES were analysed retrospectively using the tool. The patients were then contacted by telephone to assess their current seizure status. Results: 54 patient records were reviewed. Patients not contactable were removed from analysis, leaving a sample of 42 patients. It was established that the only statistically significant variable was 'Time to Establish Diagnosis', with a Pearson Chi Square of 3.857 and a two-sided significance score of 0.05. The 'Co-Existing Epilepsy' variable had a Pearson Chi Square of 2.143 and a significance of 0.143. This was not significant but was not as non-significant as the other excluded variables. All other variables were highly non-significant. These results were reinforced by a logistical regression analysis which indicated that the only significant variable is 'Time to Establish Diagnosis', with an adjusted R-square value of 0.12. Conclusion: A length of time greater than 6 months required to establish a diagnosis of PNES is the most statistically significant factor in determining prognosis in this condition. All other factors do not appear significant, rendering the usefulness of a rating tool questionable. However, all conclusions are based on a small sample size-a larger scale study may be required to further investigate the significance of the factors. Not with standing the limitations of this pilot study, it suggests that barriers to recognition and establishment of a secure diagnosis of PNES need to be identified and overcome. ER  - 
Drowning in Martinique-characteristics and infectious complications$$$ Introduction Drowning is a public health problem, with a high incidence of 500,000 people worldwide, and 150,000 deaths each year in mainland France and the overseas territories. This is one of the leading causes of accidental death in children and adolescents. Immersion exposes them to multiple complications that are often life threatening. Infectious complications are, however, poorly understood and not well described. The objective of this study was to define the frequency and nature of lung infections in victims of drowning admitted to the emergency and ICU departments at the University Hospital of Martinique. Patients and methods We conducted a retrospective study from victims of drowning cases admitted to the ER and ICU CHU Martinique over a period of 3 years (2012-2015), supplemented by data from SAMU 972 records, including presentation of descriptive data and univariate predictors of death. Results One hundred and forty-four patients were included [102 men/42 women, mean age 36.5 years (range 1-83 years)]. Drownings occurred in seawater (N = 120, 83 %); swimming (N = 15, 10 %); freshwater (N = 5, 3 %) or polluted water (N = 1, 1 %). Seventy-eight patients (54 %) had comorbidities including hypertension (N = 14, 10 %); diabetes (N = 10, 7 %); epilepsy (N = 12, 8 %); heart disease rhythm and ischemic (N = 10, 7 %); chronic alcoholism (N = 8, 6 %); and obesity (N = 6, 4 %). The majority of victims (31 %) were in deep coma (score Glasgow: 3) and severe hypoxia; 32 victims (22 %) suffered cardiac arrest. Complications were as follows: multiple organ failure (97 %), lactic acidosis (75 %, mean arterial pH 7.20), acute respiratory failure (49 %) and ARDS (16 %, 2 refractory ARDS patients required veno-venous ECMO). Bacterial pneumonia (N = 22, 15 %) was the main cause of infectious complications, early onset (within 24 h). Antibiotic therapy was started probabilistically on admission (N = 85, 59 %), with amoxicillin/clavulanic acid (92 %), cefotaxime (6 %) or cefotaxime metronidazole+ (1 %). Only 17 % of victims had blood cultures and 52 (36 %) lung sampling. Antibiotic therapy was administered before performing lung samples (82 %). The most frequently encountered germs were Aeromonas hydrophilia, Enterobacter aerogenes, Enterobacter cloacae, Morganella and Morgani. The average length of ICU stay was 7 days. Eighteen of these patients (13 %) died in the ICU. Predictors of mortality endpoints were: the occurrence of a prehospital cardiac arrest (p < 0.0001), ARDS (p < 0.001), the immersion time (p < 0.05), metabolic acidosis (p < 0.05), the Glasgow coma scale score <5 (p < 0.01), the resuscitation period (p < 0.01) and hypothermia (p < 0.05). Conclusion The prognosis remains poor after immersion in the absence of a rapid response and appropriate treatment, especially in cases of occurrence of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest (OHCA). ER  - 
Jusquiame poisoning: Report of a family intoxication$$$ Introduction Plant intoxication is more and more frequent in Tunisia, especially in rural regions. It concerns nearly 2-3 % of calls to the national Tunisian poison center in the last 10 years. They occur mainly in Spring season. Plant poisoning still be rare and unrecognized by health caregivers working in emergency and intensive care departments. The aim of our work was to report an extremely rare accidental collective plant poisoning by “hyoscyanus Niger” which happened in Zaghouan in Tunisia in a traditional celebration. Patients and methods It was a descriptive transversal and retrospective study reporting a family collective (twenty-one members (21)) poisoning. This accidental poisoning occurred in the region of Zaghouan in the spring 2015 (May). All members of the family consumed in a traditional village marriage “couscous” prepared with an alkaloid plant identified as “jusquiame.” This plant was confounded with Swiss chard. Results On May 2015, a family composed of twenty-one members (ten men and eleven women) was admitted to the teaching emergency and intensive care department of the regional hospital of Zaghouan (Tunisia). All of them attended emergency department with a non-medical transfer. All members of the family presented nausea, vomiting, dizziness and hallucinations. Ten patients presented generalized seizures. All patients presented a great agitation. They reported the ingestion 12 h before a traditional couscous prepared specially for a traditional marriage. They reported that it was prepared by “Swiss chard” specific to the region. The average of blood pressure was 160/100 mmHg. All members of the family experienced tachycardia with extremes ranging from 100 to 160 beats per minute. On physical examination, six members of the family had myalgia and abdominal pain without other clinical signs. We performed for all patients standard chest X-ray which was normal and laboratory tests. Five patients (5) had hyperglycemia. Six patients (6) presented hypokalemia and hyperleukocytosis. All brain CT scans performed for the ten (10) patients presenting with seizures were normal. They received diazepam as anti-convulsive agent and were admitted in the intensive care unit for a mean hospital stay of 3 days. All patients recovered totally and were discharged from hospital after a stay ranging from 3 to 5 days. Samples of the herbal decoction were obtained from the couscous and were sent to be analyzed in the laboratory of toxicology in the Center for Emergency Medical Assistance of Tunis in Tunisia. Screening by GC-MS revealed the presence of scopolamine, hyoscyamine and hydroxyhyoscyamine. Conclusion Plant poisoning still be rare in Tunisia. The plant consumed in this case series report “jusquiame” belongs to the genus “hyoscyanus” and to the variety of “solanacés.” We conclude from our work that plant poisoning can be extremely severe with neurological complications like seizures. The management is mainly symptomatic. Education and prevention still be the best treatment against plant poisoning. ER  - 
Contribution of video-electroencephalography in the study of non-epileptic psychogenic seizures$$$ Introduction: The non-epileptic psychogenic seizures (NEPS) are repetitive paroxysmal events related unconscious psychogenic process and not with excessive neuronal firing. They pose a differential diagnosis with authentic seizures. The objective of this work was to study the clinical manifestations of NEPS in Senegal, using video-electroencephalography (video-EEG). Patients and methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in the department of functional studies of the nervous system of the Neurological Clinic of the University Hospital of Fann, over 19 months. The free and informed consent of participants was required. Results: We recorded 22 cases of NEPS. The age group 16-20 years was the most affected, with a sex ratio of 4.5 for women. Epilepsy-NEPS association is encountered in 9.1% of patients and 10% with pure NEPS were wrongly put under antiepileptic treatment. Only 4.5% of our cohort were known as having psychogenic seizures and were aware. Tonic manifestations were the most frequent, followed by automation, hypermotrices events, clonic, atony and tremors. The associated signs are dominated by closed eyes (86.4%). 95.5% of patients were unconscious during most times of crisis, with a postictal amnesia. Conclusion: The severity of CPNE in Senegal can be considered average. It is important that the diagnosis is made to prevent excess antiepileptic treatment. ER  - 
Diagnostic errors in older patients: A systematic review of incidence and potential causes in seven prevalent diseases$$$ Background: Misdiagnosis, either over-or underdiagnosis, exposes older patients to increased risk of inappropriate or omitted investigations and treatments, psychological distress, and financial burden. Objective: To evaluate the frequency and nature of diagnostic errors in 16 conditions prevalent in older patients by undertaking a systematic literature review. Data sources and study selection: Cohort studies, cross-sectional studies, or systematic reviews of such studies published in Medline between September 1993 and May 2014 were searched using key search terms of “diagnostic error”, “misdiagnosis”, “accuracy”, “validity”, or “diagnosis” and terms relating to each disease. Data synthesis: A total of 938 articles were retrieved. Diagnostic error rates of >10% for both over-and underdiagnosis were seen in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, dementia, Parkinson’s disease, heart failure, stroke/transient ischemic attack, and acute myocardial infarction. Diabetes was overdiagnosed in <5% of cases. Conclusion: Over-and underdiagnosis are common in older patients. Explanations for overdiagnosis include subjective diagnostic criteria and the use of criteria not validated in older patients. Underdiagnosis was associated with long preclinical phases of disease or lack of sensitive diagnostic criteria. Factors that predispose to misdiagnosis in older patients must be emphasized in education and clinical guidelines. ER  - 
Auras in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and mesial temporal sclerosis$$$ We investigated auras in patients with drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) and mesial temporal sclerosis (MTS). We also investigated the clinical differences between patients with MTS and abdominal auras and those with MTS and non-mesial temporal auras. All patients with drug-resistant TLE and unilateral MTS who underwent epilepsy surgery at Jefferson Comprehensive Epilepsy Center from 1986 through 2014 were evaluated. Patients with good postoperative seizure outcome were investigated. One hundred forty-nine patients (71 males and 78 females) were studied. Thirty-one patients (20.8%) reported no auras, while 29 patients (19.5%) reported abdominal aura, and 30 patients (20.1%) reported non-mesial temporal auras; 16 patients (10.7%) had sensory auras, 11 patients (7.4%) had auditory auras, and five patients (3.4%) reported visual auras. A history of preoperative tonic-clonic seizures was strongly associated with non-mesial temporal auras (odds ratio 3.8; 95% CI: 1.15-12.98; p = 0.02). About one-fifth of patients who had MTS in their MRI and responded well to surgery reported auras that are historically associated with non-mesial temporal structures. However, the presence of presumed non-mesial temporal auras in a patient with MTS may herald a more widespread epileptogenic zone. ER  - 
Do attitudes and knowledge predict at-risk drinking among Russian women?$$$ Background: Drinking patterns among Russian women indicate substantial risk for alcohol-exposed pregnancies. Data about women’s knowledge and attitudes related to alcohol consumption during pregnancy and the extent to which women’s knowledge and attitudes affect their alcohol use remain limited. Objectives: To describe Russian women’s knowledge and attitudes and assess whether women’s knowledge and attitudes were associated with their risky drinking. Methods: A cross-sectional survey was administered to women of childbearing age (n = 648). Participants were recruited at women’s health clinics and asked about their alcohol consumption, pregnancy status, attitudes, and knowledge about effects of alcohol and Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS). Results: 40% of the women surveyed believed or were uncertain whether alcohol consumption during pregnancy was acceptable. Although 34% had heard of FAS, only 8% possessed accurate knowledge. Correct knowledge was associated with decreased alcohol consumption among pregnant women, but there was no association between knowledge and risky drinking in nonpregnant women, including those who were at risk for an unplanned pregnancy or were trying to conceive. However attitudes were strongly associated with risky drinking by nonpregnant women across levels of knowledge about FAS and any alcohol use by pregnant women. Conclusions: Russian women had limited knowledge and several misconceptions about the effects of alcohol on the fetus, and risky alcohol consumption was strongly associated with women’s attitudes and knowledge. The study provides strong evidence to support continuing public health education about effects of alcohol use during pregnancy. Correcting specific misconceptions and targeting the preconceptional period in health communications are necessary to reduce at-risk drinking and the risk for alcohol-exposed pregnancies. ER  - 
Characteristics and outcomes of patients with advanced cancer evaluated by a palliative care team at an emergency center. A retrospective study$$$ Purpose: Patients with advanced cancer may be referred for a palliative care consultation (PC) from a hospital emergency center (EC) or as inpatients. However, research about symptoms and outcomes in patients with advanced cancer who receive PC at the EC is limited. Methods: We reviewed demographic variables, frequency and intensity of symptoms (using the Edmonton Symptom Assessment Scale (ESAS)), PC interventions, time from admission to PC consultation, hospitalization duration, and discharge destination of 200 advanced cancer patients referred to PC services from the EC (“EC patients”) and 200 matched advanced cancer inpatients referred to PC services (“inpatients”) from January 1, 2010, through December 31, 2011. Results: The median age for all patients was 56 years (range, 48–64 years); 222 (56 %) patients were female, and 243 (61 %) were white. There were no significant demographic differences between the EC patients and inpatients. The median time from admission to PC was 12 h (range, 7–23 h) for the EC patients and 24 h (24–96 h) for the inpatients (p < 0.0001). For EC patients and inpatients, symptoms at presentation for PC consultation included uncontrolled pain (83 and 45 %, respectively; p < 0.0001), nausea/vomiting/constipation (41 and 19 %, respectively; p < 0.0001), and dyspnea (29 and 19 %, respectively; p = 0.02). The medians and interquartile ranges of baseline symptom intensities for EC patients and inpatients, respectively, were as follows: pain, 7 (5–9) and 5 (2–8) (p < 0.0001); fatigue, 7 (4–8) and 6 (4–8) (p = 0.0517); and sleep, 6 (0–8) and 4 (1–7) (p = 0.1064). At follow-up, improvement was observed in pain (125/238 [53 %]), sleep (59/131 [45 %]), well-being (32/82 [39 %]), fatigue (53/139 [38 %]), anxiety (51/132 [39 %]), appetite (46/132 [35 %]), dyspnea (49/160 [31 %]), nausea (52/170 [31 %]), depression (36/123 [29 %]), and drowsiness (37/126 [29 %]). After PC consultations, discharge/admission destinations for EC patients were as follows: home, 65 (33 %); home hospice, 13 (7 %); inpatient hospice, 8 (4 %); regular hospital floor, 65 (33 %); and PC unit, 46 (23 %). The median duration of hospitalization was 92 h (range, 69–114) for hospitalized EC patients and 125 h (range, 108–142) for inpatients (p < 0.0001). Conclusions: Referral to PC from the EC led to earlier delivery of PC with subsequent earlier control of symptoms. EC patients who received PC consultations and were hospitalized had shorter hospitalizations than PC referral in the inpatient area. More research is needed to describe the impact of PC services on symptom assessment and management and on goals and plan of care in patients with advanced illness admitted to the EC. ER  - 
Angiographic evidence of proliferative retinopathy predicts neuropsychiatric morbidity in diabetic patients$$$ Introduction: Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is a common vasculopathy categorized as either non-proliferative (NPDR) or proliferative (PDR),characterized by dysfunctional blood-retinal barrier (BRB) and diagnosed using fluorescein angiography (FA). Since the BRB is similar in structure and function to the blood-brain barrier (BBB) and BBB dysfunction plays a key role in the pathogenesis of brain disorders, we hypothesized that PDR, the severe form of DR, is likely to mirror BBB damage and to predict a worse neuropsychiatric outcome. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted among subjects with diabetes (N = 2982) with FA-confirmed NPDR (N = 2606) or PDR (N = 376). Incidence and probability to develop brain pathologies and mortality were investigated in a 10-year follow-up study. We used Kaplan-Meier, Cox and logistic regression analyses to examine association between DR severity and neuropsychiatric morbidity adjusting for confounders. Results: Patients with PDR had significantly higher rates of all-cause brain pathologies (P < 0.001), specifically stroke (P = 0.005), epilepsy (P = 0.006) and psychosis (P = 0.024), and a shorter time to develop any neuropsychiatric event (P < 0.001) or death (P = 0.014) compared to NPDR. Cox adjusted hazard ratio for developing all-cause brain impairments was higher for PDR (HR = 1.37, 95% CI 1.16-1.61, P < 0.001) which was an independent predictor for all-cause brain impairments (OR 1.30, 95% CI 1.04-1.64, P = 0.022), epilepsy (OR 2.16, 95% CI 1.05-4.41, P = 0.035) and mortality (HR = 1.35, 95% CI 1.06-1.70, P = 0.014). Conclusions: This is the first study to confirm that angiography-proven microvasculopathy identifies patients at high risk for neuropsychiatric morbidity and mortality. ER  - 
Cilengitide with metronomic temozolomide, procarbazine, and standard radiotherapy in patients with glioblastoma and unmethylated MGMT gene promoter in ExCentric, an open-label phase II trial$$$ Newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme with unmethylated MGMT promoter has a poor prognosis, with a median survival of 12 months. This phase II study investigated the efficacy and safety of combining the selective integrin inhibitor cilengitide with a combination of metronomic temozolomide and procarbazine for these patients. Eligible patients (newly diagnosed, histologically confirmed supratentorial glioblastoma with unmethylated MGMT promoter) were entered into this multicentre study. Cilengitide (2000 mg IV twice weekly) was commenced 1 week prior to radiotherapy combined with daily temozolomide (60 mg/m2) and procarbazine (50 or 100 mg) and, after 4 weeks’ break, followed by six adjuvant cycles of temozolomide (50–60 mg/m2) and procarbazine (50 or 100 mg) on days 1–20, every 28 days. Cilengitide was continued for up to 12 months or until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. The primary endpoint for efficacy was a 12-month overall survival rate of 65 %. Twenty-nine patients completed study treatment. Sixteen patients survived for 12 months or more, an overall survival rate of 55 %. The median overall survival was 14.5 months (95 % CI 11.1–19.6) and the median progression-free survival was 7.4 months (95 % CI 6.1–8). Cilengitide combined with metronomic temozolomide and procarbazine in MGMT-promoter unmethylated glioblastoma did not improve survival compared with historical data and does not warrant further investigation. ER  - 
Intrapatient variation in antiepileptic drug plasma concentration after generic substitution vs stable brand-name drug regimens$$$ Generic substitution of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) is still a matter of controversy and concern among clinicians and patients. We aimed to assess intrasubject variation in plasma concentrations of lamotrigine (LTG), levetiracetam (LEV) and topiramate (TPM) after generic substitution compared with a stable brand-name drug regimen in a population of patients with epilepsy. A retrospective analysis was performed on prospectively collected and stored data from our therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) database for the years 2009-2014. The main outcome variable was the proportion of patients who, after switching from branded to generic formulations, showed a greater than ±20% change in AED plasma concentrations compared to the proportion of control patients showing a change in AED plasma concentrations of the same extent while receiving stable branded formulations over repeated TDM tests. Fifty patients on LTG, 27 on LEV and 16 on TPM showing at least one TDM test while receiving generic products fulfilled the inclusion/exclusion criteria for the analysis and were compared with 200 control patients for LTG, 120 for LEV and 80 for TPM. The proportion of patients showing an intrasubject change greater than ±20% in AED plasma concentrations was similar in the brand name vs generic group compared with the control one for LTG (22% vs 33%) and LEV (44% vs 38%), while it was higher in the control group for TPM (41% vs 6%, p < 0.01). These are the first data in the literature about the within-patient variation in steady-state plasma concentrations of a series of stable treatments with brand-name AEDs in a real clinical setting. In conclusion, a significant interday variability in intrapatient LTG, LEV and TPM plasma concentrations can be observed even in patients stabilized with the same brand name product over time. This suggests that any change in plasma AED concentration and possible related clinical effects after generic substitution may be not necessarily related to the switch. Our results should be confirmed by large, prospective, blinded, randomized controlled studies in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Insomnia in epilepsy is associated with continuing seizures and worse quality of life$$$ Purpose: To evaluate how insomnia is associated with seizure control and quality of life in patients with epilepsy. Methods: Consecutive patients with epilepsy attending clinical visits were surveyed with the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI). Patients had to be treated with at least one anticonvulsant and could not have had documented psychogenic pseudoseizure. The presence or absence of seizures and quality of life (QOLIE-P-10) within the past 4 weeks was recorded. Other variables included demographic and clinical data, sleep-wake timing, the Hörne-Östberg Morningness-Eveningness Questionnaire (MEQ), sleepiness (Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), and mood (Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale, CES-D). Results: 207 patients completed surveys. 43% had clinically significant insomnia, and 51% had at least mild insomnia. 58% were seizure free. Mean ISI scores were significantly worse for those with continuing seizures, and more severe ISI scores correlated strongly with worse QOL. Younger age, shorter duration of epilepsy, use of sedative/hypnotics, medical and sleep comorbidities, delayed sleep timing and chronotype, excessive sleepiness, and depression were all associated with more severe insomnia. Those with unexpected health care visits over the most recent 4 weeks had worse insomnia. After adjustment for these covariates, more severe insomnia remained significantly associated with lack of seizure freedom and with worse QOL. Significance: Insomnia is common in epilepsy, and is associated with short term poor seizure control and worse QOL. Future studies must evaluate cause-and-effect relationships. Assessment of insomnia may be important in the comprehensive care of epilepsy and may influence control of epileptic seizures. ER  - 
Factors affecting quality of life in adults with epilepsy in Taiwan: A cross-sectional, correlational study$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to assess eight factors considered important for quality of life in persons with epilepsy in order to determine which of these components affect quality of life in adults with epilepsy in Taiwan. Methods: A cross-sectional, correlational study using structured questionnaires assessed 260 patients with epilepsy purposively sampled from a medical center in Northern Taiwan. Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) was evaluated with the Quality of Life in Epilepsy-31 (QOLIE-31) questionnaire. Data also included personal and health-related characteristics, knowledge of epilepsy, efficacy in the self-management of epilepsy, and social support. Results: Scores for the QOLIE-31 were correlated with the following factors: (1) demographic characteristics of age, gender, and income; (2) sleep quality; (3) symptoms of anxiety and depression; (4) epilepsy-specific variables: seizure frequency; types, number, and frequency of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs); and adverse events of AEDs; and (5) social support. Stepwise regression analysis showed that seven factors were predictive for quality of life: anxiety, depression, adverse events of AEDs, social support, seizure frequency of at least once in three months, household income of NT$ 40,001-100,000, and male gender. These factors accounted for 58.2% of the variance of quality of life. Significance: Our study assessed multiple factors in an examination of relationships and predictive factors for quality of life in adults with epilepsy in Taiwan. Knowledge of these contributing factors can assist health-care providers when evaluating patients with epilepsy to help target interventions for improving quality of life. ER  - 
Risk factors for pediatric post-tonsillectomy hemorrhage$$$ Objectives: To determine pre-operative risk factors for post-tonsillectomy secondary hemorrhage in children, and quantify the magnitude of their risk. Materials and methods: Retrospective case-control study of all pediatric tonsillectomy patients experiencing post-operative bleeding from 2005 to 2010 in a community practice consisting of three fellowship-trained pediatric otolaryngologists were identified. The 91 cases were matched with 151 controls that underwent tonsillectomy by the same surgeon on the same day as each identified case. All charts were reviewed, and 41 pre-operative variables were extracted and statistically analyzed with contingency and regression analysis to calculate significance and odds ratios. Results: Three significant predictors of post-operative bleeding were identified. Performing a tonsillectomy on a child with recurrent tonsillitis (vs. other indications) increased the risk of post-operative hemorrhage by 4.5 times (p < 0.0001, 95% confidence intervals 2.41-8.38). Performing a tonsillectomy on a child with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) increased the risk by 8.7 times (p = 0.029, 95%CI 1.4-53.6). Older children were more predisposed to post-operative bleeding. For every increase in age by one year, the hemorrhage risk increased by 1.1 times (p = 0.0025, 95%CI 1.032-1.162). Children 11 years of age and older had double the risk of bleeding compared to younger children (odds ratio 1.98, p = 0.0381, 95%CI 1.04-3.79). None of the remaining 38 variables showed significant differences between cases and controls. Conclusions: The risk of post-tonsillectomy hemorrhage is significantly increased in older children and those with recurrent tonsillitis and ADHD. ER  - 
A long-term noninterventional safety study of adjunctive lacosamide therapy in patients with epilepsy and uncontrolled partial-onset seizures$$$ This noninterventional, observational, postauthorization safety study (SP0942, NCT00771927) evaluated the incidence of predefined cardiovascular- (CV) and psychiatric-related treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs), in patients with epilepsy and uncontrolled partial-onset seizures, when initiating adjunctive therapy with lacosamide or another approved antiepileptic drug (AED) according to standard medical practice. Active recording of predefined TEAEs of interest took place at three-monthly recommended visits for up to 12 months. Of 1004 patients who received at least one dose of adjunctive AEDs, 511 initially added lacosamide therapy, 493 added another AED, 69 were ≥. 65 years of age, and 72 took concomitant antiarrhythmic drugs. Patients in the lacosamide cohort had a higher median frequency of partial-onset seizures (6.0 versus 3.5 per 28 days) despite taking more concomitant AEDs (84.9% versus 66.9% took ≥ 2) at baseline. Patients who added lacosamide took a modal dose of 200 mg/day over the treatment period (n = 501), and 50.1% (256/511) completed 12 months of treatment. Fifty-one point nine percent (256/493) of patients who added another AED completed the study, with the most commonly added AED being levetiracetam (28.4%). Four patients (0.8%) in each cohort, all < 65 years of age, reported predefined CV-related TEAEs. None were considered serious or led to discontinuation. One event each of sinus bradycardia (lacosamide), atrioventricular block first degree (lacosamide), and syncope (other AED) were judged to be treatment-related. Another patient in the other AED cohort reported bradycardia while taking concomitant antiarrhythmic drugs. Predefined psychiatric-related TEAEs were reported by 21 patients (4.1%) in the lacosamide cohort and 27 patients (5.5%) in the other AED cohort. Depression was the most common to be treatment-related (7/11 and 12/18 of patients reporting treatment-related psychiatric TEAEs, respectively). Serious psychiatric-related TEAEs were reported by four patients who added lacosamide (two cases of depression, two of suicide attempt) and one who added another AED (depression). Seven deaths occurred, all of which were considered unrelated/unlikely related to study medication. This thorough evaluation revealed a low incidence of predefined CV- and psychiatric-related TEAEs in patients taking adjunctive AED therapy according to standard medical practice. No specific safety concerns related to adjunctive lacosamide therapy were noted. ER  - 
Marijuana Exposure among Children Younger Than Six Years in the United States$$$ This study investigates marijuana exposures among children <6 years old in the United States using data from the National Poison Data System. From 2000 through 2013, there were 1969 marijuana exposures among children <6 years old and an exposure rate of 5.90 per million children. The mean age of an exposed child was 1.81 years (median = 1.58 years). The majority of the children were exposed through ingestion (75.0%), and 18.5% of exposures required admission to a health care facility. The rate of marijuana exposure was significantly (2.82 times) higher in states where its use was legalized prior to 2000 compared with states where its use is not legal. Because more states are likely to pass legislation legalizing medical and recreational use of marijuana, increased efforts to establish child-focused safety requirements regarding packaging of commercially sold marijuana products are needed to help prevent more children from being exposed to this schedule I substance. ER  - 
Cyclophosphamide in combination with glucocorticoids for severe neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus: A retrospective, observational two-centre study$$$ Cyclophosphamide (CYC) is used in severe neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE), but long-term data regarding its efficacy and safety are lacking. We identified NPSLE cases who received CYC from two centres during the period 1999-2013 and had regular follow-up. General and neuropsychiatric outcome at last follow-up visit were determined, and major complications were documented. CYC was administered in 50 neuropsychiatric events. Median age was 45.0 years and 46% of patients were positive for antiphospholipid antibodies. Most frequent indications were psychosis (11 cases), polyneuropathy (six cases), and cerebrovascular disease, seizure disorder and cranial neuropathy (five cases). CYC was mainly administered as monthly pulses (median number: 8.0 (range 3-26), median cumulative dose: 7.2 g (range 2.4-33.8)). Cases were followed for a median of 46.5 months (range 5-408). At last follow-up, partial or complete response of NPSLE was observed in 84% of events; 10% had stable disease, whereas the remaining 6% failed to improve or worsened and were rescued with rituximab. In events that responded to CYC, maintenance therapy consisted of azathioprine in 31 events (65.9%), bimonthly or quarterly pulses of intravenous CYC in nine (19.1%), and mycophenolate mofetil in five (10.6%). Relapses were observed in six events (12%) at median eight months after initial response. No malignancies were observed, yet there were three cases of severe infections. Amenorrhea was recorded in three patients, who had not received gonadal protection. In conclusion, cyclophosphamide was efficacious and led to sustained response of severe NPSLE in a cohort with long follow-up. ER  - 
Zonisamide Reduces withdrawal symptoms but does not enhance varenicline-induced smoking cessation$$$ Introduction: Varenicline (Chantix) is a first-line treatment for smoking cessation but does not produce cessation in many individuals. It may be possible to improve abstinence by co-administering varenicline with other medications. Zonisamide (Zonegran) has a similar pharmacologic profile to topiramate, which has been shown to reduce smoking, but is better tolerated. This study evaluated whether combined zonisamide and varenicline reduced tobacco withdrawal and increased abstinence among smokers trying to quit, relative to varenicline and placebo. Methods: This was a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled pilot trial of zonisamide + varenicline versus placebo + varenicline for smoking cessation. Smokers received brief counseling and study medications, and completed weekly assessments for 10 consecutive weeks. The primary outcome was continuous abstinence rates (biochemically verified) during the final 4 weeks of treatment. Results: Results are presented as intent-to-treat and completer analyses. Seventy-four individuals were enrolled; 45 completed the study. Overall, 14.9% (intent-to-treat) and 25.0% (completer) of participants maintained sustained abstinence during the final 4 weeks of treatment. There were no differences between groups for biochemically-verified smoking, but zonisamide + varenicline reduced self-reported smoking, nicotine withdrawal, and craving compared to placebo + varenicline. Conclusions: Zonisamide decreased nicotine withdrawal and craving, though not of sufficient magnitude to modify smoking behavior. The sample size was small and low rates of abstinence across groups suggest the study population was difficult to treat. Additional evaluation of zonisamide or other medications that increase GABA or decrease glutamate in larger or more diverse populations may yield positive clinical benefit for nicotine/tobacco cessation. Implications: This study provides support for layering novel medications with varenicline for smoking cessation, for investigating medications that target the GABA and glutamate system, and for assessing the contribution that reductions in nicotine withdrawal have on ultimate cessation outcomes. ER  - 
Optimizing memory function in temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Purpose The study aimed to assess whether engagement in a memory training programme and performing internet brain training exercises improve memory function in people with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Methods Seventy-seven people with TLE, complaining of memory difficulties, completed the study. Participants ranged in age from 19 to 67 years and 40 had left TLE. Participants were randomised to one of four conditions; Group 1: traditional memory training, Group 2: Lumosity, an on-line cognitive training programme, Group 3: traditional memory training and Lumosity, and Group 4: no training. Memory efficiency and mood were assessed at baseline and three months later. Results Group analyses indicated improved verbal recall after training (p < 0.001) and improved subjective ratings (p < 0.007). More participants reported a lessening of the memory burden (p < 0.007) after training; differences were significant between Groups 1 and 3 compared to Group 4. Lumosity use was not associated with changes in the memory outcome measures but there was a relationship with depression ratings and the number of memory games played (p < 0.01). Conventional memory training, IQ, and post-surgical status were associated with positive memory outcomes. Conclusions The study indicates traditional memory rehabilitation techniques can help reduce the burden of memory impairment in TLE. There was no evidence that Lumosity the on-line cognitive training programme had specific advantages. Positive change was not universal and larger studies will be required to explore factors associated with successful outcomes. ER  - 
Systemic family therapy of comorbidity of anxiety and depression with epilepsy in adolescents$$$ Objective. The aim of this study was to find if systemic family therapy (SFT) does work in anxiety and depression with epilepsy in adolescents (ADAE). Methods. 104 adolescents with epilepsy, aged 13–20 years old, were included from December 2009 to December 2010, the enrolled patients were with anxiety [Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA) score ≥14 points] or depression [Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) score ≥20 points]. The patients were randomly divided into the control group (n=52) treated with antiepileptic drugs (AED) and the intervention group (n=52) undergone Systemic Family Therapy (SFT) as well as AED. The AED improvements, anxiety and depression scores, Social Support Rating Scale (SSRS), Family Assessment Device (FAD) and scale of systemic family dynamics (SSFD) were observed after 3-month treatment. Results. The frequencies of epileptic seizures in intervention group was decreased much more significantly than the control group (4.22±3.54 times/month vs. 6.20±5.86 times/month, p=0.04); and the scores of anxiety (9.52±6.28 points vs. 13.48±8.47 points, p=0.01) and depression (13.86±9.17 points vs. 18.89±8.73 points, p=0.02) were significantly decreased than the control group; meanwhile, the family dynamics and family functions were significantly improved, and the social support was also increased (p<0.05). Conclusion. SFT combined with AEDs had better efficacies than AEDs alone, not only the frequency of epileptic seizures was decreased, but also the patients’ anxiety and depression were improved, and the family dynamics, family functions and social support were improved. ER  - 
Hydromorphone compared with diacetylmorphine for long-term opioid dependence$$$ Importance Diacetylmorphine hydrochloride (the active ingredient in heroin), delivered under supervision, is effective for the treatment of severe opioid use disorder. However, owing to political and regulatory barriers, it is not available in many settings around the world, which limits the options for many long-term street opioid injectors not attracted into or retained in available treatments. O. Objective: To test if injectable hydromorphone hydrochloride is noninferior to injectable diacetylmorphine in reducing illicit heroin use for chronic injection opioid users after 6 months of intervention. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Study to Assess Longer-term Opioid Medication Effectiveness (SALOME) was a phase 3, double-blind, noninferiority trial. The study randomized 202 long-term street opioid injectors in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Eligible participants were recruited between December 19, 2011, and December 18, 2013. Both intent-to-treat (ITT) and per-protocol (PP) analyses were conducted. INTERVENTIONS Participants were randomly assigned to receive injectable diacetylmorphine or hydromorphone (up to 3 times daily) for 6 months under supervision. Main Outcomes and Measures: Primary and coprimary efficacy outcomeswere self-reported days of street heroin use (primary), days of any street-acquired opioids in the prior 30 days (noninferiority margin, 4 days), and the proportion of urinalyses positive for street heroin markers (margin, 10% of the observed rate in the diacetylmorphine group). The mean differences between diacetylmorphine and hydromorphone for the ITT and PP analyses were reported. RESULTS The study included 202 participants; 100 randomized to receive hydromorphone and 102 to diacetylmorphine. Their mean (SD) age was 44.33 (9.63) years, and 30.7%(62 of 202) were women. Noninferiority of hydromorphone was confirmed in the PP analysis (-1.44; 90% CI, -3.22 to 0.27) for street heroin use, although the margin of 4 days was not excluded in the ITT analysis (-2.34; 90% CI, -4.14 to -0.52). Noninferiority was confirmed for any street opioids in the ITT analysis (-0.85; 90% CI, -2.97 to 1.25) and the PP analysis (-0.15; 90% CI, -2.09 to 1.76), as well as for the urinalyses (0.09; 90% CI, -0.02 to 0.19 for the ITT analysis and 0.13; 90% CI, 0.02-0.24 for the PP analysis). There were 29 SAEs considered to have some relationship with the injection medication, 5 in the hydromorphone group and 24 in the diacetylmorphine group (rate ratio, 0.21; 95%CI, 0.06-0.69). Seizures and overdoses accounted for 25 of the 29 related SAEs. Conclusions and Relevance: This study provides evidence to suggest noninferiority of injectable hydromorphone relative to diacetylmorphine for long-term opioid dependence. In jurisdictions where diacetylmorphine is currently not available or for patients in whom it is contraindicated or unsuccessful, hydromorphone could be offered as an alternative. ER  - 
Comparative risk of seizure with use of first- And Second-Generation antipsychotics in patients with Schizophrenia and mood disorders$$$ Objective: To compare the risk of antipsychotic-related seizure (ARS) by identifying seizures first diagnosed within 12 months after starting new antipsychotics, using a 12-year total population health claims database from Taiwan. Methods: Seizure events were identified through emergency department visits or hospitalization with a diagnosis of convulsion (ICD-9-CM: 780.3) or epilepsy (ICD-9-CM: 345). Subjects had an ICD-9-CM diagnosis of schizophrenia, bipolar disorders, or major depressive disorders. Incidence rates of ARS were calculated by person-years of exposure. The ARS risk, adjusted for patient characteristics and medical conditions, of individual antipsychotics versus risperidone was examined by high-dimensional propensity score stratification analyses, followed by sensitivity analyses. Results: The overall 1-year incidence rate of ARS was 9.6 (95% CI, 8.8-10.4) per 1,000 person-years (550 ARS events among 288,397 new antipsychotic users). First-generation antipsychotics were marginally associated with a higher ARS risk than secondgeneration antipsychotics (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] = 1.34; 95% CI, 0.99-1.81; P = .061). Most antipsychotics, first- or secondgeneration, had comparable ARS risks versus risperidone. Notably, clozapine (aHR = 3.06; 95% CI, 1.40-6.71), thioridazine (aHR = 2.90; 95% CI, 1.65-5.10), chlorprothixene (aHR = 2.60; 95% CI, 1.04-6.49), and haloperidol (aHR = 2.34; 95% CI, 1.48-3.71) had higher ARS risks than risperidone, whereas aripiprazole (aHR = 0.41; 95% CI, 0.17-1.00; P = .050) had a marginally lower ARS risk. Sensitivity analyses largely confirmed such findings. Conclusions: Higher vigilance for ARS is warranted during use of clozapine, chlorprothixene, thioridazine, and haloperidol. The possible lower ARS risk associated with aripiprazole can be clinically significant but needs to be confirmed by larger-scale systematic studies. The comparative ARS risks of antipsychotics supplement empirical knowledge for making judicious choices in prescribing antipsychotics. ER  - 
Use of Dexmedetomidine in Liver Transplant Recipients with Postoperative Agitated Delirium$$$ Background and Objective Agitated delirium has frequently occurred after liver transplantation in the intensive care unit (ICU) and sedative agents are used to treat patients. Recently, dexmedetomidine has been considered to be a promising agent for agitated delirium. Methods This study took place between January 2010 and October 2012 and 42 recipients were retrospectively enrolled. Sixteen recipients were enrolled in the dexmedetomidine group and 26 recipients were placed in the haloperidol group. To compare dexmedetomidine and haloperidol, the total ICU length of stay (ICU LOS), the ICU LOS after drug administration, and the supplemental doses of sedative agents used were assessed. The endpoint was discharge from the ICU. Results There were no significant drug-related complications in either group. Dexmedetomidine significantly decreased the ICU LOS and ICU LOS after the occurrence of delirium compared to haloperidol (13.7 days vs. 8.3 days, P =.039, 10.1 days vs. 3.1 days, P =.009). In the dexmedetomidine group, the dose of supplemental midazolam needed was lower than in the haloperidol group (1.5 mg vs. 6.85 mg, P <.001). Conclusion Dexmedetomidine is a promising agent for the treatment of ICU-associated agitated delirium in liver transplantation recipients. ER  - 
Frontal D2/3 receptor availability in schizophrenia patients before and after their first antipsychotic treatment: Relation to cognitive functions and psychopathology$$$ Background: We have previously reported associations between frontal D2/3 receptor binding potential positive symptoms and cognitive deficits in antipsychotic-naïve schizophrenia patients. Here, we examined the effect of dopamine D2/3 receptor blockade on cognition. Additionally, we explored the relation between frontal D2/3 receptor availability and treatment effect on positive symptoms. Methods: Twenty-five antipsychotic-naïve first-episode schizophrenia patients were examined with the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, tested with the cognitive test battery Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery, scanned with single-photon emission computerized tomography using the dopamine D2/3 receptor ligand [123I]epidepride, and scanned with MRI. After 3 months of treatment with either risperidone (n = 13) or zuclopenthixol (n = 9), 22 patients were reexamined. Results: Blockade of extrastriatal dopamine D2/3 receptors was correlated with decreased attentional focus (r = -0.615, P = .003) and planning time (r = -0.436, P = .048). Moreover, baseline frontal dopamine D2/3 binding potential and positive symptom reduction correlated positively (D2/3 receptor binding potential left frontal cortex rho = 0.56, P = .003; D2/3 receptor binding potential right frontal cortex rho = 0.48, P = .016). Conclusions: Our data support the hypothesis of a negative influence of D2/3 receptor blockade on specific cognitive functions in schizophrenia. This is highly clinically relevant given the well-established association between severity of cognitive disturbances and a poor functional outcome in schizophrenia. Additionally, the findings support associations between frontal D2/3 receptor binding potential at baseline and the effect of antipsychotic treatment on positive symptoms. ER  - 
Efficacy of sofosbuvir and ribavirin in the treatment of chronic moderate hepatitis C genotype 2 with alanine aminotransferase flare in an interferon ineligible patient$$$ Introduction: In the natural history of chronic HCV-related infection caused by genotype 2, ALT flares, even reaching levels ≥10 ULN, have been often reported in some subjects with previous persistent normal alaninoaminotransferase (PNAL). In this background, antiviral treatment is an urgent need, even in IFN (interferon)-ineligible patients. Case report: On January 2015, a 50-years-old woman was examined in our department because of ALT flare in known chronic hepatitis C genotype 2. Her past medical history was positive for previous epilepsy, depression and cardiological disease. About HCV infection, in 2014 her exams showed ALT 24 UI/L while on January 2015 we noted ALT 588 UI/L AST 405 UI/L GGT 373 UI/L ALP 64 UI/L total bilirubin 0.5mg/dL ANA 1280 (nucleolar) AMA negative ASMA 160 aLKM 160 HCV RNA 3824000 UI/mL. Personal history was negative for herbal medicine intake. Liver stiffness measurement was equal to 11.5 kPa (IQR 0.9). We started antiviral treatment as follows: sofosbuvir 400 mg 1 cpr plus ribavirin 200 mg 2 cpr/bid per os for 12 weeks. After 2 weeks HCV RNA was negative and ALT 34 U/L. Therapy was well tolerated and the patient achieved SVR12 (sustainde virological response, HCV RNA negative 12 weeks after the end of therapy) with ANA ASMA aLKM negative. Discussion: Treatment with sofosbuvir and ribavirin for 12 weeks is successful and safe in patients with neurological/cardiological disease and ALT flare in chronic moderate hepatitis C genotype 2. Autoantibodies can be detected in patients with HCV infection and they can be induced by virus. ER  - 
Frontal D2/3 Receptor Availability in Schizophrenia Patients Before and After Their First Antipsychotic Treatment: Relation to Cognitive Functions and Psychopathology$$$ BACKGROUND: We have previously reported associations between frontal D2/3 receptor binding potential positive symptoms and cognitive deficits in antipsychotic-naïve schizophrenia patients. Here, we examined the effect of dopamine D2/3 receptor blockade on cognition. Additionally, we explored the relation between frontal D2/3 receptor availability and treatment effect on positive symptoms. METHODS: Twenty-five antipsychotic-naïve first-episode schizophrenia patients were examined with the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, tested with the cognitive test battery Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery, scanned with single-photon emission computerized tomography using the dopamine D2/3 receptor ligand [(123)I]epidepride, and scanned with MRI. After 3 months of treatment with either risperidone (n=13) or zuclopenthixol (n=9), 22 patients were reexamined. RESULTS: Blockade of extrastriatal dopamine D2/3 receptors was correlated with decreased attentional focus (r = -0.615, P=.003) and planning time (r = -0.436, P=.048). Moreover, baseline frontal dopamine D2/3 binding potential and positive symptom reduction correlated positively (D2/3 receptor binding potential left frontal cortex rho = 0.56, P=.003; D2/3 receptor binding potential right frontal cortex rho = 0.48, P=.016). CONCLUSIONS: Our data support the hypothesis of a negative influence of D2/3 receptor blockade on specific cognitive functions in schizophrenia. This is highly clinically relevant given the well-established association between severity of cognitive disturbances and a poor functional outcome in schizophrenia. Additionally, the findings support associations between frontal D2/3 receptor binding potential at baseline and the effect of antipsychotic treatment on positive symptoms. ER  - 
Specific issues in acute cannabis poisoning in adolescents$$$ Objective: To assess the specific clinical aspects of acute cannabinoid poisoning in adolescents admitted in a pediatric poison center. Methods: We performed a five year retrospective study (2010-2014) of poisoned patients with drugs of abuse in whom urinary toxicological analysis revealed tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). The following parameters were analyzed: age, sex, place of consumption, clinical picture, length of stay, treatment and evolution. Results: Out of the total of 214 patients with acute drug of abuse poisoning, 41 had a urine sample positive for THC and diagnosis of acute cannabis poisoning. The majority of patients were boys (n=28), with a median age of 15.9 years. Of the 41 cases, 36 poisoning occurred in a public place: in the street (n=16), in school (n=12) or in a nightclub (n=8). Regarding the clinical picture the following symptoms were noted: decreased coordination in the majority of cases (n=36), headache (n=19), emesis (n=16), somnolence (n=11), chest pain (n=6), agitation (n=4), tremor of the extremities (n=4), slurred speech (n=4), lightheadedness (n=3), aggression (n=1), hallucinations (n=1) and seizures (n=1). Of the 6 patients with chest pain in one increased cardiac enzymes and terminal phase changes on the electrocardiogram were noted. The average length of stay was 1.2 days with a minimum of one and a maximum of 3 days. All the patients received symptomatic treatment. No deaths occurred. Conclusion: The majority of adolescents with acute cannabis poisoning presented with mild symptoms, requiring only symptomatic treatment and a short period of hospitalization.[1] Even rare, severe manifestations such as cardiac damage can occur.[2] One of the most common places where acute cannabis exposure occurred was school and it is necessary to develop educational activity to raise awareness of the risks of cannabis abuse among students. ER  - 
Failed efficacy of ziprasidone in the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder$$$ Background Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a chronic anxiety disorder that is often difficult to treat. Patients suffering from PTSD often fail to respond to antidepressants and may have a high incidence of positive symptoms of psychosis, though antipsychotic medications have been minimally studied in this population. The aim of this study was to assess the impact of the atypical antipsychotic ziprasidone (Geodon) on PTSD symptom clusters, as well as comorbid major depressive disorder. To our knowledge, this is the first completed randomized controlled trial investigating the potential efficacy and tolerability of ziprasidone in patients with chronic PTSD. Methods We conducted a 9-week prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of ziprasidone in 30 patients diagnosed with PTSD and comorbid depression. After screening and randomization, patients completed nine weekly study visits at which treatment safety and efficacy were evaluated. Primary measures of efficacy included total and subscale scores from the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS), while the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D), Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAM-A), Clinical Global Impression (CGI), and Treatment Outcome PTSD Scale (TOP-8) were implemented as secondary efficacy measures. Results We observed no significant effect of treatment on reduction of PTSD or depression symptoms from pre- to post-treatment. Conclusions Our findings suggest that ziprasidone treatment may not significantly improve symptoms of PTSD or comorbid depression, though further study is needed. ER  - 
Recent patterns and predictors of neurological mortality among hospitalized patients in Central Ghana$$$ Background Although neurological disorders are projected to escalate globally in the coming decades, there is a paucity of enumerated data on the burden, spectrum and determinants of outcomes of adult neurological admissions in resource-limited settings, especially within sub-Saharan Africa. Objective To evaluate the diversity, demography, and determinants of mortality among adult patients presenting with neurological disorders over a 6-year period in a tertiary medical referral institution in the Central belt of Ghana. Methods A retrospective analysis of data on neurological admissions and in-patient outcomes between 2008 and 2013 was undertaken. Data collected for analyses included age, gender, neurological diagnosis, documented comorbidities, duration of admission and vital status at discharge. Predictors of in-patient mortality were evaluated using Kaplan-Meier survival curves and Cox Proportional Hazards regression models. Results The 6494 admissions with neurological disorders represented 15.0% of all adult medical admissions over the study period. Male-to-female ratio of admissions was 1.6:1.0 with a mean ± SD age of 52.9 ± 20 years. The commonest neurological disorders were Cerebrovascular, Infectious, Seizures/epilepsy, Alcohol-use and Spinal cord disorders representing 54.0%, 26.7%, 10.3%, 4.0% and 2.3% of admissions respectively. Despite the low national HIV prevalence of 2.0%, the frequency of HIV infection among patients with infectious disorders of the nervous system was 40.9%. Overall crude mortality rate for neurologic admissions was 30.6% being 39.1% and 33.9% for Infectious affectations of the nervous system and stroke respectively and 7.4% for seizure disorders. Probability of death was higher for females than males aHR (95% CI) of 1.53 (1.40-1.68) and increasing age aHR (95% CI) of 1.11 (1.06-1.17) for each 20-year increase in age. Conclusion Almost one in three patients admitted with neurological disease to a tertiary care center in Ghana died in the hospital, and the majority of these deaths were due to non-communicable conditions. Enhanced multi-dimensional public health disease prevention strategies and neurological inpatient care processes are warranted. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life in multiple sclerosis: Direct and indirect effects of comorbidity$$$ Objective: To evaluate the direct and indirect influences of physical comorbidity, symptoms of depression and anxiety, fatigue, and disability on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in persons with multiple sclerosis (MS). Methods: A large (n 949) sample of adults with MS was recruited from 4 Canadian MS clinics. HRQoL was assessed using the patient-reported Health Utilities Index Mark 3. Expanded Disability Status Scale scores, physical comorbidity, depression, anxiety, and fatigue were evaluated as predictors of HRQoL in a cross-sectional path analysis. Results: All predictors were significantly associated with HRQoL and together accounted for a large proportion of variance (63%). Overall, disability status most strongly affected HRQoL (β -0.52) but it was closely followed by depressive symptoms (β -0.50). The direct associations of physical comorbidity and anxiety with HRQoL were small (β -0.08 and -0.10, respectively), but these associations were stronger when indirect effects through other variables (depression, fatigue) were also considered (physical comorbidity: β -0.20; anxiety: β -0.34). Conclusions: Increased disability, depression and anxiety symptoms, fatigue, and physical comorbidity are associated with decreased HRQoL in MS. Disability most strongly diminishes HRQoL and, thus, interventions that reduce disability are expected to yield the most substantial improvement in HRQoL. Yet, interventions targeting other factors amenable to change, particularly depression but also anxiety, fatigue, and physical comorbidities, may all result in meaningful improvements in HRQoL, as well. Our findings point to the importance of further research confirming the efficacy of such interventions. ER  - 
Psychopharmacological options for adult patients with anorexia nervosa$$$ The aim of this review was to summarize evidence from research on psychopharmacological options for adult patients with anorexia nervosa (AN). Database searches of MEDLINE and PsycINFO (from January 1966 to January 2014) were performed, and original articles published as full papers, brief reports, case reports, or case series were included. Forty-one papers were screened in detail, and salient characteristics of pharmacological options for AN were summarized for drug classes. The body of evidence for the efficacy of pharmacotherapy in AN was unsatisfactory, the quality of observations was questionable (eg, the majority were not blinded), and sample size was often small. More trials are needed, while considering that nonresponse and nonremission are typical of patients with AN. ER  - 
Increased risk of epilepsy in children with Tourette syndrome: A population-based case-control study$$$ The association between epilepsy and Tourette syndrome has rarely been investigated. In this retrospective cohort study, we analyzed a dataset of 1,000,000 randomly sampled individuals from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database to determine the risk of epilepsy in children with Tourette syndrome. The study cohort consisted of 1062 patients with Tourette syndrome aged ≤18 years, and the control group consisted of three times the number of age- and sex-matched patients without Tourette syndrome, who were insurants, from the same database during the same period. The Tourette syndrome group had an 18.38-fold increased risk of epilepsy than the control group [hazard ratio = 18.38, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 8.26-40.92; P < 0.001]. Even after adjusting for the comorbidities, the risk of epilepsy in the Tourette syndrome group with comorbidities remained high (hazard ratio = 16.27, 95% CI = 6.26-18.46; P < 0.001), indicating that the increased risk was not associated with comorbidities. This population-based retrospective cohort study provides the first and strong evidence that Tourette syndrome is associated with a higher risk of epilepsy. A close follow-up of children with Tourette syndrome for the development of epilepsy is warranted. ER  - 
Lamotrigine monotherapy for newly diagnosed typical absence seizures in children: A multi-center, uncontrolled, open-label study$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of lamotrigine (LTG) monotherapy for treating Japanese and South Korean pediatric patients with newly diagnosed typical absence seizures. Methods: Twenty patients with newly diagnosed typical absence seizures aged 4-12 years were enrolled in the study and were administered LTG at an initial dose of 0.3 mg/kg/day for 2 weeks, followed by 0.6 mg/kg/day for an additional 2 weeks. Thereafter, the dose was increased by 0.6 mg/kg/day up to a maximum of 10.2 mg/kg/day or 400 mg/day (whichever was the lower dose) until patients were confirmed to be seizure free induced by hyperventilation (HV). After confirmation, the dose was increased by one level (0.6 mg/kg/day). If the patient was found to be seizure free by HV-electroencephalography (EEG) on the following two consecutive visits, the patient entered the 12-week maintenance phase. After the maintenance phase, patients could enter the extension phase if clinically indicated. Results: The seizure-free rate confirmed by HV-EEG at the end of the maintenance phase was 35.0% (7/20 patients). Most of patients who were confirmed to be seizure free during the escalation phase had maintained seizure control during the 12-week maintenance phase and the 12-week extension phase. The most frequently noted adverse events were bronchitis, headache, and rash (20% each). No serious adverse events were reported. Conclusion: Lamotrigine monotherapy in Japanese and South Korean children with typical absence seizures was well tolerated and 35.0% of patients were seizure free at the end of maintenance phase. ER  - 
Increased risks of tic disorders in children with epilepsy: A nation-wide population-based case-control study in Taiwan$$$ Both epilepsy and tic disorders may share common mechanisms with the involvement of abnormal cortical-basal ganglion circuit connection and dopaminergic dysfunction. However, the association between epilepsy and tic disorders has never been studied. This study investigated the risks of developing tic disorders among children with epilepsy using databases of a universal health insurance system in Taiwan.The data analyzed in this study were retrieved from the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. The study cohort included children with epilepsy between 2001 and 2007 (n = 2629) and a three-fold age- and gender-matched controls (n = 7887). All subjects were followed up for 3 years from the date of cohort entry to identify their admissions due to tic disorders (ICD-9-CM codes 307.2, 307.20-307.23). Cox hazard regression analysis was performed to estimate the effect of epilepsy on the occurrence of tics.The epilepsy cohort had a higher prevalence of tics (1.7% vs. 0.2%), and a 8.70-fold increased risk of developing a tic disorder compared with the controls (adjusted hazard ratio (AHR) 8.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) 4.26-16.37, p < 0.001). Male patients were observed to have a higher risk of developing a tic disorder (AHR 1.90, 95% CI = 1.04-3.46, p < 0.001) compared to female individuals. Patients with multiple antiepileptic drugs treatment also exhibited higher crude OR for developing tic disorders.This nationwide population-based cohort study, for the first time, demonstrated that there is a significantly increased risk for tic disorders among children with epilepsy. We also found males, attention deficit disorder and the use of multiple AEDs to be independent risk factors of tic disorders. Closely evaluating possible tic disorders would be crucial for improving the outcome and life quality in children with epilepsy. ER  - 
Prevalence and symptoms of intracranial arachnoid cysts: a population-based study$$$ To investigate the prevalence of intracranial arachnoid cysts in a large population-based sample. We also aimed to assess the association between arachnoid cysts and cognitive impairment, depression, epilepsy, headache, dizziness, previous head trauma, hip fractures, and mortality. A population-based cohort and nested case–control study. The sample comprised representative populations (n = 1235) aged ≥70 years. All participants underwent baseline neuropsychiatric examinations, including computed tomography (CT) of the brain, between 1986 and 2000. All CT scans were examined for arachnoid cysts. Headache, dizziness, history of head trauma, dementia, depression, epilepsy, and hip fracture were assessed using data from clinical examinations, interviews and the Swedish hospital discharge register. Cognition was assessed using the Mini-Mental Status Examination, and depressive symptoms using the Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale. Date of death was obtained from the National Swedish Death Registry. The prevalence of arachnoid cysts was 2.3 % (n = 29), with no significant difference between men and women. Probands with and without cysts had the same frequency of headache, dizziness, previous head trauma, cognitive impairment, and depressive symptoms. Furthermore, there were no differences regarding the prevalence of dementia, depression, epilepsy, or previous hip fracture. Arachnoid cysts were not associated with increased mortality. Arachnoid cysts are common incidental finding, with the same rate in men and women, and are probably asymptomatic. The lack of relation with symptoms like headache, dizziness and cognitive impairment suggest caution in ascribing symptoms to incidentally discovered arachnoid cysts and a restrictive attitude to treatment. ER  - 
Trigeminal Nerve Stimulation for Comorbid Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Objectives External stimulation of the trigeminal nerve (eTNS) is an emerging neuromodulation therapy for epilepsy and depression. Preliminary studies suggest it has an excellent safety profile and is associated with significant improvements in seizures and mood. Neuroanatomical projections of the trigeminal system suggest eTNS may alter activity in structures regulating mood, anxiety, and sleep. In this proof-of-concept trial, the effects of eTNS were evaluated in adults with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and comorbid unipolar major depressive disorder (MDD) as an adjunct to pharmacotherapy for these commonly co-occurring conditions. Materials and Methods Twelve adults with PTSD and MDD were studied in an eight-week open outpatient trial (age 52.8 [13.7 sd], 8F:4M). Stimulation was applied to the supraorbital and supratrochlear nerves for eight hours each night as an adjunct to pharmacotherapy. Changes in symptoms were monitored using the PTSD Patient Checklist (PCL), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17), Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (QIDS-C), and the Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire (Q-LES-Q). Results Over the eight weeks, eTNS treatment was associated with significant decreases in PCL (p = 0.003; median decrease of 15 points; effect size d 1.5), HDRS-17 (p < 0.001; 42% response rate, 25% remission; d 2.1), and QIDS-C scores (p < 0.001; d 1.8), as well as an improvement in quality of life (Q-LES-Q, p < 0.01). eTNS was well tolerated with few treatment emergent adverse events. Conclusions Significant improvements in PTSD and depression severity were achieved in the eight weeks of acute eTNS treatment. This novel approach to wearable brain stimulation may have use as an adjunct to pharmacotherapy in these disorders if efficacy and tolerability are confirmed with additional studies. ER  - 
Associations of impaired sleep quality, insomnia, and sleepiness with epilepsy: A questionnaire-based case-control study$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to document the frequency of sleep problems including poor sleep quality, excessive daytime sleepiness, and insomnia in subjects with epilepsy compared with healthy controls and to determine the factors associated with these sleep disturbances. Methods: We recruited 180 patients with epilepsy (age: 43.2 ± 15.6 years, men: 50.0%) and 2836 healthy subjects (age: 44.5 ± 15.0 years, men: 49.8%). Sleep and the anxiety/mood profiles were measured using the Epworth Sleepiness Scale, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, Insomnia Severity Index, Goldberg Anxiety Scale, and Patient Health Questionnaire-9 depression scale. Associations of sleep problems with epilepsy and other factors were tested by multiple logistic regression analysis, adjusted for age, gender, body mass index, alcohol intake, smoking, perceived sleep insufficiency, and habitual snoring. Results: Sleep disturbances were more common in the group with epilepsy than in the controls (53.3% vs. 25.5%; p < 0.001). Poor sleep quality, excessive daytime sleepiness, and insomnia were significantly associated with epilepsy (odds ratio [95% confidence interval]: 3.52 [2.45-5.05], 2.10 [1.41-3.12], 5.91 [3.43-10.16], respectively). Depressive mood, anxiety, and perceived sleep insufficiency contributed to the presence of sleep disturbances. In the group with epilepsy, seizure remission for the past year related to a lower frequency of insomnia, whereas age, sex, type of epilepsy, and number of antiepileptic drugs were not correlated with sleep problems. Conclusion: Epilepsy was significantly associated with the higher frequency of sleep disturbances, which supports the importance of screening sleep problems in patients with epilepsy and providing available intervention. ER  - 
Physical health comorbidities in women with personality disorder: Data from the Geelong Osteoporosis Study$$$ Background: Associations between common psychiatric disorders, psychotic disorders and physical health comorbidities are frequently investigated. The complex relationship between personality disorders (PDs) and physical health is less understood, and findings to date are varied. This study aims to investigate associations between PDs with a number of prevalent physical health conditions. Methods: This study examined data collected from women (n = 765; ≥ 25 years) participating in a population-based study located in south-eastern Australia. Lifetime history of psychiatric disorders was assessed using the semi-structured clinical interviews (SCID-I/NP and SCID-II). The presence of physical health conditions (lifetime) were identified via a combination of self-report, medical records, medication use and clinical data. Socioeconomic status, and information regarding medication use, lifestyle behaviors, and sociodemographic information was collected via questionnaires. Logistic regression models were used to investigate associations. Results: After adjustment for sociodemographic variables (age, socioeconomic status) and health-related factors (body mass index, physical activity, smoking, psychotropic medication use), PDs were consistently associated with a range of physical health conditions. Novel associations were observed between Cluster A PDs and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease (GORD); Cluster B PDs with syncope and seizures, as well as arthritis; and Cluster C PDs with GORD and recurrent headaches. Conclusions: PDs were associated with physical comorbidity. The current data contribute to a growing evidence base demonstrating associations between PDs and a number of physical health conditions independent of psychiatric comorbidity, sociodemographic and lifestyle factors. Longitudinal studies are now required to investigate causal pathways, as are studies determining pathological mechanisms. ER  - 
A cognitive behavioral intervention (HOBSCOTCH) improves quality of life and attention in epilepsy$$$ Objective: Cognitive difficulties in epilepsy are common and add to disability beyond seizures alone. A self-management intervention targeting cognitive dysfunction was developed and assessed for whether it improves quality of life, objective memory, and mood in adults with epilepsy. Methods: The HOme Based Self-management and COgnitive Training CHanges lives (HOBSCOTCH) program was developed to incorporate (1) psychoeducation, (2) self-awareness training, (3) compensatory strategies, and (4) application of these strategies in day-to-day life using problem solving therapy. Adults aged 18-65 years with epilepsy (n = 66) were randomized into 3 groups, to receive 8 weeks of HOBSCOTCH, with (H+) or without (H) additional working memory training on a commercial gaming device, or to a waitlisted control group. The primary outcome was quality of life (Quality of Life in Epilepsy scale, QOLIE-31) with secondary outcomes of objective cognition measured with the Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) and depression (as measured by PHQ9 and NDDIE). Results: Both intervention arms showed a significant improvement in quality of life, as compared with controls who demonstrated a decline in QOLIE-31 scores. There was significant improvement in objective cognitive performance among the intervention groups, most notably in attention, compared with the waitlisted controls. There was no significant change in depression scores. Significance: The HOBSCOTCH program significantly improved quality of life and appeared to be an effective intervention to address cognitive dysfunction in adults with epilepsy. Further studies are needed to assess the generalizability and cost-effectiveness of this intervention. ER  - 
Video-ambulatory EEG in a secondary care center: A retrospective evaluation of utility in the diagnosis of epileptic and nonepileptic seizures$$$ The development and optimization of protocols using simultaneous video recording alongside long-term electroencephalography (EEG), such as ambulatory EEG (AEEG), expanded the range of available techniques for the investigation of paroxysmal clinical events. In particular, video-AEEG has received increasing attention over the last few years because of its potential to further improve diagnostic utility in the differential diagnosis between epileptic and nonepileptic seizures. We retrospectively evaluated 88 video-AEEG studies in order to assess the diagnostic utility of video-AEEG in 87 patients consecutively referred to a neurophysiology department. Typical clinical events occurred during 55 studies (62.5%). In 26 of these, at least one event was also clearly seen on video recording, contributing to a confident diagnosis. Clinical events were classified according to three diagnostic categories: epileptic seizures (6 studies, 6.8%), physiologic nonepileptic events (13 studies, 14.8%), or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (36 studies, 40.9%). Of the studies with an event not recorded on video, a confident diagnosis could be reached in 55.2% of cases. The main reason for unsuccessful video recording was failure to activate the camcorder by the patient or carer. We found an overall diagnostic utility of 67.0%, which confirms the findings of previous reports evaluating the diagnostic yield of AEEG. Implementation of video-AEEG protocols in a secondary care center appears to have high diagnostic utility, particularly for patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. Our findings prompt further research into the potential applications of video-AEEG, in consideration of important implications for successful patient management and healthcare resource allocation. ER  - 
Soluble α-klotho is a potential biomarker associated with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ A reduced level of the single-pass transmembrane protein α-Klotho is known to be associated with neuronal damage. We investigated whether α-Klotho in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) could be a candidate marker for the diagnosis of neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE). We analyzed the laboratory data, symptoms and radiological image findings of 34 NPSLE patients. Patients with SLE without neuropsychiatric manifestations (SLE) (n = 25), and patients with viral meningitis (VM) (n = 19), multiple sclerosis (MS) (n = 20) or neuromyelitis optica (NMO) (n = 20) were included as controls. The multivariable analyses revealed that lower CSF α-Klotho level, lower serum anti-Smith antibodies (U/mL) and higher serum C3 (mg/dL) were significant factors for predicting NPSLE. The CSF α-Klotho levels of the NPSLE patients were inversely correlated with the level of granulocyte/macrophage-colony stimulating factor. Our data suggested that the determination of CSF α-Klotho levels will contribute to the diagnosis of NPSLE and help elucidate the mechanisms underlying this disease. ER  - 
Clinical Impact of Epileptiform Discharge in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate the prevalence and clinical significance of epileptiform discharges in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The authors retrospectively reviewed 180 children who were diagnosed with ADHD and had an electroencephalography (EEG) recording. Epileptiform discharges were found in 29 (16.1%) of 180 patients with ADHD. Of these, 15 (8.3%) had generalized epileptiform discharges and 14 (7.7%) had focal epileptiform discharges. The focal epileptiform discharges were most prevalent from the frontal (5/14) and rolandic area (5/14). Among the 29 patients with epileptiform discharges and ADHD, 5 patients had previous history of epilepsy and 4 patients developed epilepsy later, whereas none of the normal EEG group developed epilepsy. The authors suggest that interictal epileptiform discharges appear to be associated with seizure occurrence in children with ADHD and might reflect maturational pathophysiology overlapping with epilepsy. ER  - 
Post-childhood Presentation and Diagnosis of DiGeorge Syndrome$$$ Background and Objectives. The diversity of clinical presentations makes the diagnosis of DiGeorge syndrome (DGS) a diagnostic challenge. The objective of our study was to report the clinical presentation of DGS in the post-childhood period. Methods. A retrospective study, investigating patients diagnosed clinically and genetically with DGS at Sheba Medical Center during the period of 2010-2013. Post-childhood period was defined as age >10 years. Results. During the study period, 29 patients were diagnosed with DGS. Nine (31%) patients with DGS were diagnosed in their post-childhood period. The basis for clinical suspicion was diverse. However, once the suspicion was brought to attention, additional symptoms consistent with DGS were noted at up to 88% of patients who presented characteristic of facial features and developmental delay. Conclusion. Our research shows that diagnosing DGS patients in the post-childhood period is not uncommon. Characteristic facial features and developmental delay, although not leading presenting symptoms, are found very frequently in patients with DGS. ER  - 
Health characteristics and consultation patterns of people with intellectual disability: A crosssectional database study in English general practice$$$ Background People with intellectual disability (ID) are a group with high levels of healthcare needs; however, comprehensive information on these needs and service use is very limited. Aim To describe chronic disease, comorbidity, disability, and general practice use among people with ID compared with the general population. Design and setting This study is a cross-sectional analysis of a primary care database including 408 English general practices in 2012. Method A total of 14 751 adults with ID, aged 18-84 years, were compared with 86 221 age-, sex- and practice-matched controls. Depending on the outcome, prevalence (PR), risk (RR), or odds (OR) ratios comparing patients with ID with matched controls are shown. Results Patients with ID had a markedly higher prevalence of recorded epilepsy (18.5%, PR 25.33, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 23.29 to 27.57), severe mental illness (8.6%, PR 9.10, 95% CI = 8.34 to 9.92), and dementia (1.1%, PR 7.52, 95% CI = 5.95 to 9.49), as well as moderately increased rates of hypothyroidism and heart failure (PR>2.0). However, recorded prevalence of ischaemic heart disease and cancer was approximately 30% lower than the general population. The average annual number of primary care consultations was 6.29 for patients with ID, compared with 3.89 for matched controls. Patients with ID were less likely to have longer doctor consultations (OR 0.73, 95% CI = 0.69 to 0.77), and had lower continuity of care with the same doctor (OR 0.77, 95% CI = 0.73 to 0.82). Conclusion Compared with the general population, people with ID have generally higher overall levels of chronic disease and greater primary care use. Ensuring access to high-quality chronic disease management, especially for epilepsy and mental illness, will help address these greater healthcare needs. Continuity of care and longer appointment times are important potential improvements in primary care. ER  - 
Bispecific T-cell engager (BiTE) antibody construct Blinatumomab for the treatment of Patients with relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma: Final results from a phase I study$$$ Purpose: Blinatumomab is a CD19/CD3 BiTE (bispecific T-cell engager) antibody construct for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative acute B-lymphoblastic leukemia. We evaluated blinatumomab in relapsed/refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). Patients and Methods: This 3 + 3 design, phase I dose-escalation study determined adverse events and the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of continuous intravenous infusion blinatumomab in patients with relapsed/refractory NHL. Blinatumomabwas administered over 4 or 8weeks at seven different dose levels (0.5 to 90μg/m2/day). End points were incidence of adverse events, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and overall response rate. Results: Between 2004 and 2011, 76 heavily pretreated patients with relapsed/refractory NHL, who included 14 with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, were enrolled; 42 received treatment in the formal dose-escalation phase. Neurologic eventswere dose limiting, and 60 μg/m2/day was established as the MTD. Thirty-four additional patients were recruited to evaluate antilymphoma activity and strategies for mitigating neurologic events at a prespecified MTD. Stepwise dosing (5 to 60 μg/m2/day) plus pentosan polysulfate SP54 (n = 3) resulted in no treatment discontinuations; single-step (n = 5) and double-step (n = 24) dosing entailed two and seven treatment discontinuations due to neurologic events, respectively. Grade 3 neurologic events occurred in 22% of patients (no grade 4/5). Among patients treated at 60 μg/m2/day (target dose; n = 35), the overall response ratewas 69% across NHL subtypes and 55% for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (n = 11); median response duration was 404 days (95% CI, 207 to 1,129 days). Conclusion: In this phase I study of relapsed/refractory NHL, continuous infusion with CD19-targeted immunotherapy blinatumomab at various doses and schedules was feasible, with an MTD of 60 μg/m2/day. Single-agent blinatumomab showed antilymphoma activity. ER  - 
Diagnostic value of serum prolactin levels in PNES in the epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ Background: This is a retrospective study to determine the usefulness of serum prolactin levels in the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) for distinguishing psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) from epileptic seizures (ES). Methods: All the records of consecutive patients admitted to the EMU between 2008 and 2012 were reviewed. Patients with a diagnosis of PNES and ES were selected. Serum prolactin level was obtained within 20 minutes for all patients, and an elevated prolactin level was defined as twice the patient's baseline value. A total of 607 records were reviewed, and 389 patients were excluded because of incomplete information or lack of a clinical event. Results: A total of 218 patients were included in the analysis. A further 18 patients were excluded because of simple partial seizures or because the documented time of obtaining serum prolactin was not clear. A total of 146 patients had PNES, of which 42 had elevated prolactin levels, representing a 28.8% false-positive rate. All 22 patients with generalized tonic-clonic seizures had elevated serum prolactin; however, 5 of 32 patients with complex partial seizures did not have an elevated prolactin level, representing a 15.6% false-negative rate. Conclusions: Serum prolactin levels do not provide any additional support for distinguishing PNES from ES. Furthermore, serum prolactin levels in this setting add unnecessary blood draws and financial burden for the patients. Therefore, prolactin levels should not be obtained routinely in the EMU. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class III evidence that postevent elevation of serum prolactin occurs in 84.4% of patients with ES and 28.8% of patients with PNES. ER  - 
Premedication effect of dexmedetomidine and alfentanil on seizure time, recovery duration, and hemodynamic responses in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for many mental disorders, especially severe and persistent depression, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia. The aim of this study is to compare the effect of dexmedetomidine and alfentanil on agitation, satisfaction, seizure duration, and patients hemodynamic after ECT. Materials and Methods: In a three phase crossover randomized clinical trial, 75 patients aged between 18 and 50 years and candidate for ECT were enrolled and assigned into three groups (25 patients in each group). All patients, respectively, took premedication of dexmedetomidine, alfentanil, or saline in three consecutive phases. Patients received 0.5 ìg/kg dexmedetomidine, 10 ìg/kg alfentanil or normal saline intravenously, 10 min before induction. Finally, seizure and recovery duration, satisfaction and agitation score, and hemodynamic parameters were evaluated. Results: There was no significant difference about seizure duration, agitation score, and hemodynamic parameters between groups but recovery duration was significantly lower in the control group than dexmedetomidine (P = 0.016) and alfentanil group (P = 0.0001). Patients' satisfaction was significantly higher in intervention groups (alfentanil and dexmedetomidine groups) (P = 0.0001). Conclusion: Given the equal effects of alfentanil and dexmedetomidine, it seems that choosing one of these two drugs for premedication of patients undergoing ECT is appropriate. Drug choice is influenced by numerous factors such as accessibility of each drug and the dominance of anesthesiologist and psychiatrist. ER  - 
Profile of frequent attenders to a Dublin inner city emergency department$$$ A retrospective review of the demographics, co-morbidities and substance misuse of the 20 most frequent presenters to the Mater Misericordiae University Hospital emergency department during 2014 was carried out in an attempt to better understand the epidemiology of their presentations. Eighty-five percent were male and 15% female (p<0.001). The average age was 40.6 years with a median 38.5 years. All were unemployed and 7 (35%) had no fixed abode. Thirteen patients (65%) lived an average of 4.5 kilometres from the ED. In this study the presence of a mental illness, homelessness, alcohol or drug misuse were associated with significantly higher attendance rates (p=0.001, p<0.001, p<0.05, p<0.001 respectively). Early identification of these patients and targeting them for effective case-based community-led treatment strategies could improve their quality of life, decrease their cost of care and ultimately lead to more effective utilisation of our already overburdened emergency departments. ER  - 
Frequency and pattern of radiological and laboratory investigations in patients with mental illnesses: A study from North Rajasthan$$$ Background: There are widespread perceptions that excessive and unnecessary investigations are done in many patients with mental illnesses. There are no studies from India looking into this issue. Aims: (i) To study the frequency and pattern of various investigations such as electroencephalography (EEG), computerized tomography (CT) scan of head, magnetic resolution imaging (MRI) scan of brain, and blood investigations carried out by the previous doctors on patients seeking treatment in three different settings. (ii) To study the socio-demographic and clinical correlates of investigations carried out on these patients. Study Design and Settings: A cross-sectional study in a community outreach clinic, a district level psychiatric hospital, and psychiatry outpatient clinic of a medical college. Materials and Methods: 160 newly registered patients seeking treatment at these settings were assessed using a semi-structured pro forma regarding various investigations that they had undergone before seeking the current consultation. Frequency of investigations was analyzed. Results: About 47.5% of patients had at least one of the three brain investigations done. EEG, CT head, and MRI brain had been done in 37.5%, 20.0%, and 8.8% of the patients, respectively. Only 1.8% of the patients had blood tests done before current consultation. Conclusion: This study results raise question whether certain investigations such as EEG and CT head were carried out excessively and blood investigations were done infrequently. Further studies on larger samples with prospective study design to evaluate the appropriateness of current practices of carrying out investigations in patients presenting with psychiatric symptoms are required. ER  - 
Clinical presentations of 176 cases of primary central nervous system lymphoma: A case series$$$ Background: Primary central nervous systemlymphoma (PCNSL) is a malignant tumor, the incidence of which has been increasing in immune compromised patients during the last two decades. Objectives: This study was conducted to determine the most prevalent clinical presenting symptoms of PCNSL patients. Patients and Methods: In this retrospective descriptive study, all PCNSL patients’ data over a 25-year period (1990–2014) were assessed. PCNSL was confirmed pathologically after stereotactic biopsy in the Neurosurgery Department of Shohadaye Tajrish Hospital, Tehran, Iran. Results: A total of 176 cases of PCNSL were enrolled. There were 107 (60.8%) male patients, with a 1.5:1 male: female ratio. The patients most commonly presented in the sixth decade of their lives, with a mean age of 47±1.5 years. The most common presenting symptoms were hemiparesis (56.2%) and headache (51.7%). The periventricular white matter (51.1%) and basal ganglion (48.9%) were the most common sites of involvement, and they frequently affected the supratentorial area (84.7%). Conclusions: Based on the data from this study, hemiparesis and headache were the most prevalent clinical presenting symptoms of PCNSL. Cognitive impairment and personality changes were also common in these patients. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drug use in a nursing home setting: A Retrospective study in older adults$$$ The authors set out to examine qualitatively the use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in a population of older adults in a nursing home setting, evaluating aspects such as specialist prescriptions and changes in dosage. This retrospective prevalence study was carried out in a state-funded nursing home that provides care and rehabilitation for elderly people. The first objective of the study was to determine the prevalence of AED use in this population. The second objective was to monitor AED dosage modifications during the fifteen-month study period, focusing on the safety and the tolerability of AEDs. In the period of time considered, 129 of 402 monitored patients received at least one anti-epileptic therapy. The prevalence of AED use was therefore 32%. Gabapentin was found to be the most commonly prescribed drug, with a frequency of 29%, and it was used mainly for anxiety disorders, psychosis, neuropathic pain and mood disorders. ER  - 
Physical co-morbidity according to ICD-10 criteria among patients with depressive disorder$$$ OBJECTIVE: To detect the prevalence of physical co-morbidities according to International Classification of Diseases(ICD-10) among patients with Depressive disorder. DESIGN: Descriptive cross sectional study. SETTING: Psychiatric consultation clinic of JPMC Karachi. METHODS: Patients of either gender and age >18 years were consecutively selected after informed consent, Ethical issues were addressed according to Institutional Review Board (IRB), JPMC, Karachi. Patients with psychotic symptoms, personality disorders, dementia, and history of substance use were excluded. ICD-10 criteria, beside complete history, physical examination & lab investigations were used to confirm the diagnosis of depression and physical co-morbid. Prescribed questionnaire was used to collect the data and analyzed in SPSS version-17. Descriptive statistics were calculated for age, gender, marital status, education, socioeconomic status and co-morbidity. RESULTS: Total 100 cases fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Their Mean ±SD age was 32.7 ±16.7 years. Both genders were equally vulnerable, (50% each). Fifty three percent had moderate, 31% mild and 16% had severe depressive disorder. Hypertension was the most common (18%) in male patients & sinusitis was the most common (28%) in female patients with depression. Other co-morbidities included Diabetes Mellitus, Epilepsy, Migraine, HCV, Anemia, Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD), Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) & Menopausal syndrome (in women), Obesity, Asthma and Facial pain. CONCLUSION: Physical co-morbidities are prevalent among patients with depressive disorder. Presence of physical co-morbid may decreases the chances of treatment compliance, increases risk of treatment failure, relapse of depression, worse prognosis and elevated the treatment cost. Early detection and simultaneous management of these co-morbid with depression are suggested. ER  - 
Latarjet Procedure for Anterior Shoulder Instability Due to Tramadol-Induced Seizures: A Multicenter Study$$$ BACKGROUND: Seizures, commonly due to epilepsy, are known to cause shoulder instability. Tramadol addiction has recently been found to induce seizures in patients who exceed the recommended dose. Because of the easy accessibility and low cost of tramadol, an increasingly alarming phenomenon of tramadol abuse has been demonstrated in recent years. PURPOSE/HYPOTHESIS: The purpose of this multicenter study was to investigate shoulder instability resulting from tramadol-induced seizure (TIS) as well as to recommended management for such shoulder instability. The hypothesis was that TIS leads to anterior shoulder dislocations with major bony defects, which favors bony reconstructive procedures as a suitable method of treatment. STUDY DESIGN: Case series; Level of evidence, 4. METHODS: This prospective case series study was conducted on 73 patients (78 shoulders) who presented with anterior shoulder dislocations and a clear history of tramadol abuse. The mean age of the patients was 26.8 years, and the mean number of dislocations was 14. The mean duration of addiction was 17 months, with a mean dose of 752 mg of tramadol hydrochloride per day. Glenoid and humeral bone loss ranged from 15% to 35% and from 15% to 40%, respectively. The mean follow-up period was 28 months. All patients underwent an open Latarjet procedure. RESULTS: Postoperative mean Rowe score and American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons score at final follow-up (24 months) improved significantly from 20 to 84 and from 44 to 91, respectively (P < .05). The patient satisfaction rate reached 95%, and the mean period of return to work was 12.8 weeks. Five patients (9%) had postoperative seizures due to relapse of the tramadol abuse, but only 3 patients (5%) had redislocations with nonunion or breakage of the graft or hardware. CONCLUSION: Tramadol addiction has evolved as an important cause of seizures that can result in shoulder dislocation. Anterior shoulder instability with TIS occurs mainly with higher levels of addiction and results in significant humeral and/or glenoid bone defects. The Latarjet procedure is recommended for these patients, after control of addiction, and provides 95% satisfaction at midterm follow-up. ER  - 
Cerebral malaria is associated with long-term mental health disorders: A cross sectional survey of a long-term cohort$$$ Background: Cerebral malaria (CM) and severe malarial anaemia (SMA) are associated with neuro-developmental impairment in African children, but long-term mental health disorders in these children are not well defined. Methods: A cohort of children previously exposed to CM (n = 173) or SMA (n = 99) had neurologic assessments performed and screening for behaviour difficulties using the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ) a median of 21 months after the disease episode. These findings were compared to concurrently recruited community children (CC, n = 108). Participants with SDQ total difficulties score ≥17 had a mental health interview with the child and adolescent version of the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI-KID) and a sample had brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Results: Fifty-five children had SDQ score ≥17. On the MINI-KID, these children were classified as having no difficulties (n = 18), behaviour difficulties only (n = 13) or a mental health disorder (n = 24). Behaviour difficulties were seen in similar frequencies in CM (3.5 %), SMA (4.0 %) and CC (2.8 %). In contrast, mental health disorders were most frequent in CM (10.4 %), followed by SMA (4.0 %) and CC (1.8 %). Externalizing disorders (conduct, oppositional defiance and attention deficit hyperactivity) were the most common mental health disorders. The median total coma duration was 72 (IQR 36.0-115.0) h in patients with mental health disorders compared to 48 (IQR 28.5-78.7) h in those without, p = 0.039. Independent risk factors for mental health disorder included neurologic deficit at discharge (OR 4.09 (95 % CI 1.60, 10.5) and seizure recurrences during hospitalization, (OR 2.80, 95 % CI 1.13, 6.97). Brain MRI findings consistent with small vessel ischaemic neural injury was seen in over half of these children. Conclusions: Cerebral malaria may predispose children to mental health disorders, possibly as a consequence of ischaemic neural injury. There is urgent need for programmes of follow-up, diagnosis and interventions for these children. ER  - 
Erythroderma. A clinical and etiological study of 103 patients$$$ Background: Erythroderma is an uncommon and severe dermatological manifestation of a variety of diseases. It is commonly challenging to find the underlying cause. Objective: The aim of this study was to analyze the causes of the disease in patients with erythroderma. Patients and Methods: Data including the clinical symptoms, laboratory examinations, histopathology and follow-up information were collected from patients with erythroderma admitted to our department between 2000 and 2010. Results: One-hundred and three patients diagnosed with erythroderma were identified during this period (11.9% of all hospitalized patients; hospital incidence = 9.4 cases/year). The mean age of onset was 54.4 years (range: 17-89 years) with a male:female ratio of 1.5:1. The most frequent cause of erythroderma was exacerbation of preexisting dermatoses (65.0%), including psoriasis (44.7%) and eczema (16.5%). Drugs (18.4%) and cutaneous T-cell lymphomas (11.7%) induced most of the remaining cases. No cause could be identified in four cases (3.9%). Apart from erythema and scaling, that were present in all patients, clinical findings were dominated by pruritus (97.1%), followed by edema (56.3%), fever (54.4%), palmoplantar keratoderma (50.5%), nail changes (42.7%), liver or spleen enlargement (41.7%) and lymphadenopathy (40.8%). Conclusions: Although numerous clinical features and laboratory values were abnormal, most findings were non-specific. The skin biopsy yielded a positive clinical correlation in most cases. Our study had a high percentage of erythroderma secondary to preexisting skin disease and a relatively low percentage of idiopathic erythroderma. ER  - 
Oral fingolimod in primary progressive multiple sclerosis (INFORMS): A phase 3, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background No treatments have been approved for primary progressive multiple sclerosis. Fingolimod, an oral sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator, is effective in relapse-onset multiple sclerosis, but has not been assessed in primary progressive multiple sclerosis. We assessed the safety and efficacy of fingolimod in patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis. Methods In INFORMS, a multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel-group study, patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis recruited across 148 centres in 18 countries were randomly allocated (1:1) with computer-generated blocks to receive oral fingolimod or placebo for at least 36 months and a maximum of 5 years. Patients were initially assigned to fingolimod 1·25 mg per day or placebo (cohort 1); however, after a protocol amendment on Nov 19, 2009, patients were switched in a masked manner to fingolimod 0·5 mg, whereas those on placebo continued on matching placebo. From then onwards, patients were assigned to receive fingolimod 0·5 mg/day or placebo (cohort 2). Key inclusion criteria were age 25-65 years, clinical diagnosis of primary progressive multiple sclerosis, 1 year or more of disease progression, and two of the following criteria: positive brain MRI; positive spinal cord MRI; or positive cerebrospinal fluid. Additional eligibility criteria included disease duration of 2-10 years and objective evidence of disability progression in the previous 2 years. Patients and study investigators were masked to group assignment. We used a novel primary composite endpoint based on change from baseline in Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS), 25' Timed-Walk Test, or Nine-Hole Peg Test to assess time to 3-month confirmed disability progression in study participants treated for at least 3 years. All randomised patients took at least one dose of study drug. The primary efficacy analysis included all patients in cohort 2 and those assigned to placebo in cohort 1. The safety analysis included all patients in cohorts 1 and 2. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00731692. The study is now closed. Findings 970 patients were randomly assigned between Sept 3, 2008, and Aug 30, 2011 (147 to fingolimod 1·25 mg and 133 to placebo in cohort 1; 336 to fingolimod 0·5 mg and 354 to placebo in cohort 2). The efficacy analysis set (n=823) consisted of 336 patients randomly allocated to fingolimod 0·5 mg and 487 to placebo. Baseline characteristics were similar across groups and representative of a primary progressive multiple sclerosis population (48% women, mean age 48·5 years [SD 8·4], mean EDSS 4·67 [SD 1·03], 87% free of gadolinium-enhancing lesions). By end of study, 3-month confirmed disability progression had occurred in 232 and 338 patients in the fingolimod and placebo groups, respectively, resulting in Kaplan-Meier estimates of 77·2% (95% CI 71·87-82·51) of patients in the fingolimod group versus 80·3% (73·31-87·25) of patients in the placebo group (risk reduction 5·05%; hazard ratio 0·95, 95% CI 0·80-1·12; p=0·544). Safety results were generally consistent with those of studies of fingolimod in patients with relapse-onset multiple sclerosis. Lymphopenia occurred in 19 (6%) patients in the fingolimod group versus none in the placebo group, bradycardia in five (1%) versus one (<1%), and first-degree atrioventricular block in three (1%) versus six (1%). Serious adverse events occurred in 84 (25%) patients in the fingolimod group and 117 (24%) in the placebo group, including macular oedema in six (2%) versus six (1%), and basal-cell carcinoma in 14 (4%) versus nine (2%). Interpretation The anti-inflammatory effects of fingolimod did not slow disease progression in primary progressive multiple sclerosis. Therapeutic strategies for primary progressive multiple sclerosis might need different approaches to those used for relapse-onset multiple sclerosis. Funding Novartis Pharma AG. ER  - 
Relationship between clinical and immunological features with magnetic resonance imaging abnormalities in female patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Background: Conventional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is the preferred neuroimaging method in the evaluation of neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE). The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between clinical and immunological features with MRI abnormalities in female patients with NPSLE, to screen for the value of conventional MRI in NPSLE. Methods: A total of 59 female NPSLE patients with conventional MRI examinations were enrolled in this retrospective study. All patients were classified into different groups according to MRI abnormalities. Both clinical and immunological features were compared between MRI abnormal and normal groups. One‑way analysis of variance was used to compare the systemic lupus erythematosus disease activity index (SLEDAI) score for MRI abnormalities. Multivariate logistic regression analysis investigated the correlation between immunological features, neuropsychiatric manifestations, and MRI abnormalities. Results: Thirty‑six NPSLE patients (61%) showed a variety of MRI abnormalities. There were statistically significant differences in SLEDAI scores (P < 0.001), incidence of neurologic disorders (P = 0.001), levels of 24‑h proteinuria (P = 0.001) and immunoglobulin M (P = 0.004), and incidence of acute confusional state (P = 0.002), cerebrovascular disease (P = 0.004), and seizure disorder (P = 0.028) between MRI abnormal and normal groups. In the MRI abnormal group, SLEDAI scores for cerebral atrophy (CA), cortex involvement, and restricted diffusion (RD) were much higher than in the MRI normal group (P < 0.001, P = 0.002, P = 0.038, respectively). Statistically significant positive correlations between seizure disorder and cortex involvement (odds ratio [OR] = 14.90; 95% confidence interval [CI ], 1.50–151.70; P = 0.023) and cerebrovascular disease and infratentorial involvement (OR = 10.00; 95% CI, 1.70–60.00; P = 0.012) were found. Conclusions: MRI abnormalities in NPSLE, especially CA, cortex involvement, and RD might be markers of high systemic lupus erythematosus activity. Some MRI abnormalities might correspond to neuropsychiatric manifestations and might be helpful in understanding the pathophysiology of NPSLE. ER  - 
Burden of illness among patients with fragile X syndrome (FXS): A Medicaid perspective$$$ Background:Fragile X syndrome (FXS) is an inherited intellectual disability that imposes a substantial clinical and humanistic burden on patients and caregivers. This study aimed to quantify the incremental burden of illness following FXS diagnosis in Medicaid populations.Methods:A retrospective matched-cohort study was conducted using FL, NJ, MO, IA, and KS Medicaid claims (1997-2012). Patients with FXS were matched 1:5 to a comparison group without FXS, based on age, gender, state, and continuous Medicaid coverage. Healthcare resource utilization and costs were compared among cohorts over 1 year following first diagnosis.Results:Overall, 697 patients with FXS were matched to 3485 non-FXS patients. Median age was 12.0 years; 82% were male. Newly diagnosed FXS patients were younger (median age: 7.0 years). During the follow-up, patients with FXS had significantly higher medication use, medical procedure use, medical specialist visits, and associated costs than the non-FXS comparison group. One-fourth of FXS patients filled prescriptions for stimulants, antipsychotics, or anticonvulsants; 25% of patients with FXS had speech and language therapy and 39% had physical therapy (versus 9%, 4% and 8%, respectively, for the comparison group). At least 44% of FXS patients visited a neurologist, cardiologist, otolaryngologist, or gastroenterologist; 92% of patients with FXS had an outpatient visit, 35% had an emergency room visit, and 34% used home services (compared to 31%-32%, 64%, 27%, and 10%, respectively, for the comparison group) (all p < 0.05). Patients with FXS had an incremental annual total healthcare cost of $33,409 (2012$) per person relative to the comparison group, while newly diagnosed FXS patients had incremental total annual healthcare costs of $17,617 (2012$) per person.Conclusions:Both established and newly diagnosed FXS were associated with significantly increased use of multiple medications and medical services, and increased healthcare costs. Treatments that could help reduce this disease burden are urgently needed. ER  - 
Family factors contributing to emotional and behavioral problems in Korean adolescents with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We aimed to determine whether different aspects of family functioning are associated with emotional and behavioral problems in adolescents with epilepsy and, if not, to document any indirect associations mediated by other family factors. Methods: This was a cross-sectional, multicenter study. A total of 297 adolescents with epilepsy and their parents participated. Adolescent psychopathology was measured using the Youth Self-Report. Family factors were classified into proximal (parent–child interaction), distal (parent characteristics), and contextual factors (family characteristics) in accordance to their level of proximity to the adolescent's everyday life. Regression analyses were used to analyze the unique and combined predictive power of family factors in relation to psychopathology. Results: In total, 44 (14.8%) and 51 (17.2%) adolescents with epilepsy scored above the borderline cutoff (T-score ≥ 60) of internalizing and externalizing problems, respectively. Proximal and distal factors were independently associated with both internalizing and externalizing problems. High levels of parental depressive mood and parental overcontrol were the strongest factors contributing to internalizing and externalizing problems, respectively. Contextual factors were indirectly associated with both internalizing and externalizing problems through more proximal factors. Conclusions: Both proximal and distal family factors affect psychopathology in Korean adolescents with epilepsy. Parental feelings of depression and parental overcontrol are the strongest factors contributing to internalizing and externalizing problems, respectively. ER  - 
Validity of the clinical and content scales of the Multiphasic Personality Inventory Minnesota 2 for the diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Introduction: The use of the Multiphasic Personality Inventory Minnesota 2 (MMPI-2) for the diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) is controversial. This study examines the validity of the clinical scales and, unlike previous works, the content scales. Methods: Cross-sectional study of 209 patients treated in the epilepsy unit. We performed a logistic regression analysis, taking video-electroencephalography as the reference test, and as predictor variables age, sex, IQ and clinical (model A) or content scales (model B) of the MMPI-2. The models were selected according to the Aikake index and compared using the DeLong test. Results: We analyzed 37 patients with PNES alone, or combined with seizures, and 172 patients with seizures only. The model consisting of sex, Hs (hypochondriasis) and Pa (paranoia) showed a sensitivity of 77.1%, a specificity of 76.8%, a percentage of correct classification of 76.8%, and an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.836 for diagnosing CNEP. Model B, consisting of sex, HEA (health concerns) and FRS (fears), showed a sensitivity of 65.7%, a specificity of 78.0%, a percentage of correct classification of 75.9% and an AUC of 0.840. DeLong's test did not detect significant differences. Conclusions: The MMPI-2 has a moderate validity for the diagnosis of PNES in patients referred to an epilepsy unit. Using content scales does not significantly improve results from the clinical scales. ER  - 
Drug utilisation study in patients receiving antiepileptic drugs in Colombia$$$ Introducción: Métodos: Resultados: Conclusiones: Introduction: This study examines the indications according to which antiepileptic drugs are prescribed and used in a population of patients enrolled in the Colombian national health system (SGSSS). Methods: Retrospective cross-sectional study. From the pool of individuals in 34 Colombian cities who used antiepileptic drugs between 18 July, 2013 and 31 August, 2014 during a period of no less than 12 months, we obtained a random sample stratified by city. Socio-demographic, pharmacological and comorbidity variables were analysed. Continuous and categorical variables were compared, and logistic regression models were used. Results: Our patient total was 373 patients, with 197 women (52.1%) and a mean age of 41.9 ± 21.7 years; 65.4% of the patients were treated with monotherapy. The most frequently used drugs were valproic acid (53.1%) and carbamazepine (33.2%). Epilepsy was the most frequent indication (n = 178; 47.7%); however, 52.3% of the patients were prescribed antiepileptics for different indications, especially neuropathic pain (26.8%), affective disorders (14.2%) and migraine prophylaxis (12.3%). A total of 81 patients with epilepsy (46.6%) displayed good seizure control while another 25 (14.4%) had drug-resistant epilepsy. In the multivariate analysis, medication adherence was associated with a lower risk of treatment failure in patients with epilepsy (OR: 0.27; 95% CI, 0.11-0.67). Conclusions: In Colombia, antiepileptic drugs are being used for indications other than those originally intended. Monotherapy is the most commonly used treatment approach, together with the use of classic antiepileptic drugs. ER  - 
Morbidity and medication in a large population of individuals with Down syndrome compared to the general population$$$ The aim of this study was to describe the incidence of morbidities and the prevalence of medical prescriptions in a large Down syndrome population. Method: A retrospective cohort study was carried out using the UK Clinical Practice Research Datalink from 1 January 2004 to 31 December 2013. We matched individuals with Down syndrome to randomly selected control participants by practice site, sex, birth year, and recording period. Results: A total of 6430 individuals with Down syndrome (3009 females, 3421 males) and 19 176 controls (8966 females, 10 210 males) were included in the study. The incidence of cardiovascular disorders, gastrointestinal diseases (incidence rate ratio [IRR] 7.9 at 3 to <6y: yearly prevalence ratio [YPR] for laxatives 4.7), and sleeping disorders (IRR 4.8 in 3 to <6y) was increased in children with Down syndrome versus control participants. New onset of congenital heart malformation, ear diseases, eye disorders, autism, hypothyroidism, diabetes, and obesity were more frequent in childhood and remained elevated in adulthood (overall IRR 35.5, 1.7, 3.1, 4.4, 13.1, 1.3, and 2.6 respectively), whereas the gap widened in adulthood for epilepsy and intellectual disability (IRR 15.2 and 158 respectively, in participants older than 30y). At ≥30 years, the incidence of hypotension and dementia was raised (IRR 3.0 and 92.1 respectively; YPR for dementia drugs: 76.3); and that of hypertension, depression and anxiety was lowered (IRR 0.2, 0.5, and 0.4 respectively). Interpretation: The profile of newly occurring morbidities in Down syndrome varies across the developmental lifespan. ER  - 
Anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis: Clinical characteristics, predictors of outcome and the knowledge gap in southwest China$$$ Background and purpose: The aim was to analyse the clinical profiles and outcomes of patients with anti- N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDAR) encephalitis in China. Methods: A retrospective study of anti-NMDAR encephalitis in China was performed between June 2011 and June 2014. The clinical characteristics and predictors of poor outcome were determined. Results: A total of 51 patients with a definitive diagnosis of anti-NMDAR encephalitis were included in this study. Four of them were surgically confirmed to have a neoplasm. Thirty-two patients, amongst whom 24 were female, presented with psychiatric disorder as the initial symptom, whereas 14 patients, of whom nine were male, presented with seizure as the initial symptom (P = 0.011). Twenty-nine patients (56.86%) were initially misdiagnosed with psychosis, viral encephalitis or other diseases, and 58.8% of the patients experienced at least one type of complication. It typically took 3 weeks before these patients were admitted to our hospital and another 2 weeks before the correct diagnosis was made. Forty-one patients (80%) reached a good outcome; 10 patients (20%) had a poor outcome. Older age, extended hospital stay, memory deficits, decreased consciousness, central hypoventilation, complications and abnormal cerebrospinal fluid results were associated with poor outcome (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Female patients more frequently initially present with psychiatric disorder but male patients more frequently initially present with seizure. Patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis in China have a lower incidence of neoplasm. Nevertheless, this study reveals several challenges in treating anti-NMDAR encephalitis in China that may contribute to poor outcome. ER  - 
Can Medication Free, Treatment-Resistant, Depressed Patients Who Initially Respond to TMS Be Maintained off Medications? A Prospective, 12-Month Multisite Randomized Pilot Study$$$ Background Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is efficacious for acute treatment of resistant major depressive disorder (MDD), but there is little information on maintenance TMS after acute response. Objective/hypothesis This pilot feasibility study investigated 12-month outcomes comparing two maintenance TMS approaches - a scheduled, single TMS session delivered monthly (SCH) vs. observation only (OBS). Methods Antidepressant-free patients with unipolar, non-psychotic, treatment-resistant MDD participated in a randomized, open-label, multisite trial. Patients meeting protocol-defined criteria for improvement after six weeks of acute TMS were randomized to SCH or OBS regimens. TMS reintroduction was available for symptomatic worsening; all patients remained antidepressant-free during the trial. Results Sixty-seven patients enrolled in the acute phase, and 49 (73%) met randomization criteria. Groups were matched, although more patients in the SCH group had failed ≥2 antidepressants (p =.035). There were no significant group differences on any outcome measure. SCH patients had nonsignificantly longer time to first TMS reintroduction, 91 ± 66 days, vs. OBS, 77 ± 52 days; OBS patients were nonsignificantly more likely to need reintroduction (odds ratio = 1.21, 95% CI.38-3.89). Reintroduction lasted 14.3 ± 17.8 days (SCH) and 16.9 ± 18.9 days (OBS); 14/18 (78%) SCH and 17/27 (63%) OBS responded to reintroduction. Sixteen patients (32.7%) completed all 53 weeks of the study. Conclusions Maintaining treatment-resistant depressed patients off medications with periodic TMS appears feasible in some cases. There was no statistical advantage of SCH vs. OBS, although SCH was associated with a nonsignificantly longer time to relapse. Those who initially respond to TMS have a strong chance of re-responding if relapse occurs. ER  - 
What factors contribute to the risk of depression in epilepsy? - Tasmanian Epilepsy Register Mood Study (TERMS)$$$ Summary Objective To model the factors associated with depression in a community sample of people with epilepsy. The factors investigated were derived from proposed risk factors for depression from patients with epilepsy, other chronic illness, and the general population. Methods Multivariate analysis using general linear regression models of factors associated with depression in the Tasmanian Epilepsy Register Mood Study (TERMS), a cross-sectional community sample of 440 patients with epilepsy. Results A model with acceptable fit was created that explained 66% of the variance of depression. Associated factors included in this model were neuroticism, physical functioning, social support, past history of depression, and stressful life events. Significance In this cross-sectional study designed specifically to investigate depression in epilepsy, we showed that general risk factors for depression in other illness and in the general population are also important in patients with epilepsy, with little support for disease-related risk factors. ER  - 
Evaluating the safety and efficacy of felbamate in the context of a black box warning: A single center experience$$$ Introduction: Felbamate was approved in 1993 to treat partial seizures with and without secondary generalization in adults and in Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome in children. Its use was later restricted when rare but fatal cases of aplastic anemia and hepatic failure were identified. Methods: This single center analysis retrospectively evaluated the safety and efficacy of felbamate in a cohort of children, adolescents, and adults with epilepsy. Results: A chart review identified 103 patients taking felbamate. The range of felbamate dose was 300-4500 mg (mean: 1800 ± 900 mg). The duration of therapy ranged from 1 month to 20 years (mean duration: 35 ± 45. months). Eighteen (17.5%) subjects experienced adverse events including insomnia, nausea, vomiting, decreased appetite, weight loss, gastric discomfort, diarrhea, mood and behavioral problems, high blood pressure, headache, and elevated liver enzymes. Out of these, 6 (5.9%) patients discontinued the therapy. No hepatic failure or agranulocytosis was observed. Fifty-nine (57.72%) patients achieved ≥ 50% reduction in seizure frequency, and 30 (29.12%) patients achieved seizure freedom. Conclusions: These findings suggest that felbamate is safe, well tolerated, and effective in treatment of various types of epilepsy syndromes. ER  - 
Adjunctive retigabine in refractory focal epilepsy: Postmarketing experience at four tertiary epilepsy care centers in Germany$$$ Purpose: Retigabine (RTG, ezogabine) is the first potassium channel-opening anticonvulsant drug approved for adjunctive treatment of focal epilepsies. We report on the postmarketing clinical efficacy, adverse events, and retention rates of RTG in adult patients with refractory focal epilepsy. Methods: Clinical features before and during RTG treatment were retrospectively collected from patients treated at four German epilepsy centers in 2011 and 2012. Results: A total of 195 patients were included. Daily RTG doses ranged from 100 to 1500 mg. Retigabine reduced seizure frequency or severity for 24.6% and led to seizure-freedom in 2.1% of the patients but had no apparent effect in 43.1% of the patients. Seizure aggravation occurred in 14.9%. The one-, two-, and three-year retention rates amounted to 32.6%, 7.2%, and 5.7%, respectively. Adverse events were reported by 76% of the patients and were mostly CNS-related. Blue discolorations were noted in three long-term responders. Three possible SUDEP cases occurred during the observation period, equalling an incidence rate of about 20 per 1000. patient years. Conclusions: Our results are similar to other pivotal trials with respect to the long-term, open-label extensions and recent postmarketing studies. Despite the limitations of the retrospective design, our observational study suggests that RTG leads to good seizure control in a small number of patients with treatment-refractory seizures. However, because of the rather high percentage of patients who experienced significant adverse events, we consider RTG as a drug of reserve. ER  - 
Feasibility of sleep-deprived EEG in children$$$ Background Non-sedated EEG recording in children can be technically challenging, particularly when behavioral disorders are present. We aimed to assess the feasibility and the efficacy of non-sedated sleep-deprived EEG in children with behavioral disorders and in young children. Methods We retrospectively reviewed the EEG recordings and computerized medical records of all pediatric inpatients at least 2-month-old that had a sleep-deprived EEG during a 5-year period between 2009 and 2014. Results We present the data of 261 children, 142 (54%) boys, mean age 7.9 ± 4.9 years, 67 (26%) aged 0.5-4 years. Behavioral disorders were reported in 38 (15%) of the patients. Mean recording duration was 50.8 ± 12.5 min, and mean sleep duration- 31.8 ± 15.2 min. Thirty-seven (14%) patients slept less than 15 min during the EEG, including 19 (7%) patients with no sleep during the recording. Sleep duration and the presence of interictal epileptiform discharges did not significantly differ between children with/without behavioral disorders and in those younger/older than 4 years. Patients that did not fall asleep during the EEG did not differ from the others regarding presence of behavioral disorders or age. Conclusions These results suggest that non-sedated sleep-deprived EEG is feasible in young children and in those with behavioral disorders. Further studies are needed in order to better characterize the etiologies of sleepless pediatric sleep-deprived EEG recordings. ER  - 
The clinical profile of tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) in the United Kingdom: A retrospective cohort study in the Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD)$$$ Background Tuberous Sclerosis Complex (TSC) is a multi-system genetic disorder characterised by the development of benign growths and diverse clinical manifestations, varying in severity, age at onset and with high clinical burden. Aims This longitudinal study aims to describe the broad spectrum of clinical manifestation profiles in a large, representative cohort of TSC patients in the UK in order to better understand disease complexity. Methods TSC patients in the Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD) and linked Hospital Episodes Statistics (CPRD-HES) were retrospectively identified between 1987 and 2013. Available history was extracted for each patient and clinical diagnosis, procedure and medication records reviewed. A random selection of patients from the CPRD-HES was used as a Comparator cohort. Results Three hundred and thirty-four TSC patients with a mean (SD) age of 30.3 (18.6) years were identified (53% female). TSC was diagnosed at mean age 3.2 (4.2) years. Epilepsy and psychiatric manifestations were reported frequently in paediatric (77% and 55%, respectively) and adult patients (66% and 68%, respectively). The prevalence of manifestations in the TSC cohort was markedly higher versus the Comparator cohort. The majority of paediatric (46%) and adult TSC patients (62%) developed clinical manifestations affecting at least three organ systems and forty-nine distinctive organ system manifestation profiles were identified. Conclusions TSC patients present with multiple and complex clinical manifestations and profiles that necessitate the co-ordinated action of a multidisciplinary team in order to improve the quality and efficiency of care. ER  - 
Laryngeal manifestations of neurofibromatosis$$$ Objectives To describe the range of findings in patients with neurofibromatosis (NF) presenting to a laryngology clinic and to analyze the etiologic factors of vocal fold dysfunction in this cohort. Study Design Case series with chart review. Setting Tertiary laryngology practice. Subjects and Methods All cases of NF presenting to an academic laryngology practice were retrospectively reviewed (August 2005 to May 2014), with a total of 34 cases. Demographic data, symptoms, and endoscopic examination findings were reviewed. Etiologic factors of laryngeal complaints were analyzed with reference to NF-associated pathologies and surgical history. Results Thirty-four patients with NF-1 or NF-2 were evaluated, and 28 of these patients (6 NF-1 and 22 NF-2) had laryngeal pathology. The most common presenting symptoms were vocal weakness (n = 21), dysphagia (n = 5), and globus (n = 4). Three patients had NF-related vocal fold masses on examination, including 2 neurofibromas and 1 schwannoma. Unilateral vocal cord paralysis was seen in 17 patients; bilateral paralysis was observed in 5 patients. Of patients with unilateral or bilateral paralysis, 20 had intracranial masses (vestibular schwannoma, meningioma, or skull base tumors), and 16 had previously undergone surgery for these lesions. Of the patients with NF-associated intracranial tumors, 87.0% presented with vocal cord paralysis, whereas only 40.0% of those without intracranial masses had paralysis (P =.0560). Seven patients underwent medialization procedures. Conclusion Neurofibromatosis patients may present to laryngology clinic with primary laryngeal tumors or, more commonly, unilateral or bilateral paralysis. Otolaryngologists should be keenly aware of vocal fold paralysis caused by the NF-associated tumors, with particular attention to bilateral paralysis in NF-2. ER  - 
Does Pregnenolone Enhance Exposure Therapy in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder? - A Pilot, Interim Report of a Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind Study$$$ Exposure therapy is an effective cognitive-behavioral treatment for patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). However, a further amelioration of symptoms by additional drugs that enhance extinction learning is desirable. An interesting candidate is pregnenolone, which positively modulates NMDA and GABAA receptors in preclinical studies and influences amygdala and prefrontal activity in humans. We present pilot data showing high acceptance and good tolerability of pregnenolone given 2 h before exposure sessions in OCD patients. As per our interim analyses, exposure treatment resulted in significantly improved main outcome parameters, but no effects of pregnenolone vs. placebo pretreatment were detectable thus far. ER  - 
Predictors of incident seizure in systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Objective. The risk factors for incident seizures in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) were prospectively determined in a cohort study. Methods. A total of 2203 patients with SLE followed longitudinally in the Hopkins Lupus Cohort were analyzed. Demographic variables, clinical manifestations, laboratory tests, and SLE disease activity were recorded at each quarterly visit. Adjusted estimates of association of risk factors for onset of seizure were derived using pooled logistic regression. We examined incident seizures in 3 ways: at the time of diagnosis, more than 45 days after the diagnosis of SLE, and after cohort entry. Results. Of 2203 patients with no history of seizure prior to SLE diagnosis, 157 (7.13%) had the first seizure occurrence at the time of (37 patients, 1.68%) or after diagnosis (120 patients, 5.45%) of SLE. The risk of seizure occurring around the time of SLE diagnosis was higher in patients with a history of malar rash (p = 0.002), proteinuria (p = 0.004), and psychosis (p < 0.001). Multivariable analysis of the first seizure occurring after the diagnosis of SLE showed that history of low C3 (p = 0.0078), psychosis (p < 0.0001), cranial or peripheral neuropathy (p = 0.0043), anti-Sm antibody (p = 0.0551), renal involvement (p = 0.0177), and current corticosteroid dose (p < 0.0001) were independently associated with a higher incidence of seizure. Disease activity was not predictive after adjusting for corticosteroids. Conclusion. Risk of seizure after diagnosis of SLE is increased in those patients with prior psychosis, neuropathy, proteinuria, anti-Sm, low C3, and use of corticosteroids. ER  - 
The differential associations of preexisting conditions with trauma-related outcomes in the presence of competing risks$$$ Introduction: Pre-existing chronic conditions (PECs) pose a unique problem for the care of aging trauma populations. However, the relationships between specific conditions and outcomes after injury are relatively unknown. Evaluation of trauma patients is further complicated by their discharge to care facilities, where mortality risk remains high. Traditional approaches for evaluating in-hospital mortality do not account for the discharge of at-risk patients, which constitutes a competing risk event to death. The objective of this study was to evaluate associations between 40 PECs and two clinical outcomes in the context of competing risks among older trauma patients. Methods: This retrospective study evaluated blunt-injured patients aged 55 years and older admitted to a level I trauma centre in 2006–2012. Outcomes were hospital length of stay (HLOS) and in-hospital mortality. Survivors were classified as discharges home or discharges to care facilities. Competing risks regression was used to evaluate each PEC with in-hospital mortality, accounting for discharges to care facilities as competing events. Competing risk estimates were compared to Cox model estimates, for which all survivors to discharge were non-events. Analyses were stratified using injury-based mortality risk at a 50% cutpoint (high versus low). Results: Among 4653 patients, 176 died in-hospital, 3059 were discharged home, and 1418 were discharged to a care facility. Most patients (98%) were classified with a low mortality risk. Only haemophilia and coagulopathy were consistently associated with longer HLOS. In the low-risk subgroup, in-hospital mortality was most strongly associated with liver diseases, haemophilia, and coagulopathy. In the high-risk group, Parkinson's disease, depression, and cancers showed the strongest associations. Accounting for the competing event altered estimates for 12 of 19 significant conditions. Conclusions: Excess mortality among patients expected to survive their injuries may be attributable to complications resulting from PECs. Discharges to care facilities constitute a bias in the evaluation of in-hospital mortality and should be considered for the accurate calculation of risk. In conjunction with injury measures, consideration of PECs provides physicians with a foundation to plan clinical decisions in older trauma patients. ER  - 
The efficacy, tolerability and safety of levetiracetam therapy in a pediatric population$$$ Purpose The purpose of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam monotherapy in a pediatric population. Method A retrospective review was performed of the charts of 351 consecutive children who were 6 months to 18 years of age and were treated with levetiracetam. Levetiracetam monotherapy was initiated and dosed to efficacy or unacceptable side effects, with a range of 10-112 mg/kg/day. Electroencephalographic examination was performed at pre-treatment and 12th months in the post-treatment period. Following the commencement of levetiracetam treatment, the retention rate at 3, 6 and 12 months was 100%, 75% and 57%, respectively. Results The monotherapy retention rate at 3 and 12 months following the commencement of levetiracetam treatment was (231/351, 66%), and (126/200, 63%) respectively. A total of 165 (47%) patients had idiopathic epilepsy and 186 patients (53%) had symptomatic-cryptogenic epilepsy. The >90% seizure reduction rate was 65%, and the 50-90% seizure reduction rate was 14% at the 3rd month of treatment. Similarly, the >90% seizure reduction rate was 63%, and the 50-90% seizure reduction rate was 15% at the 12th month of treatment. EEG improvement (normalization of EEG) was observed in 65 (47%) patients. Overall, 61 (17%) patients showed adverse events. The most reported side effects were irritability (67%), hyperactivity (8%), somnolence (6%), behavioral disorders (5%), restlessness (5%), increased seizure frequency (3%), enuresis (2%), headache (2%) and attempted suicide (2%). Conclusion The retrospective study of 231 consecutive pediatric patients to confirm that levetiracetam is effective as initial monotherapy for different types of seizures and/or epilepsy syndromes. However there is still a need for well-designed trials to justify the widespread use of levetiracetam monotherapy in children with specific epilepsy syndromes. ER  - 
Association of psychiatric and neurologic comorbidity with mortality among persons with autism spectrum disorder in a danish population$$$ IMPORTANCE: Increased mortality has been reported among persons with autism spectrum disorder (ASD), especially among those who also have the comorbid condition of epilepsy or intellectual disability. The effects of psychiatric and neurologic comorbidity on mortality among persons with ASD have not been rigorously examined in large, population-based studies. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the mortality patterns among persons with ASD overall and to assess the associations of comorbid mental, behavioral, and neurologic disorders with mortality among persons with ASD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Longitudinal cohort study of children born in Denmark during the period from 1980 to 2010 who were alive at 1.5 years of age and followed up through 2013. This population-based sample of children (N = 1 912 904) was identified via linkage between the Danish Civil Registration Service and the Danish Medical Birth Register using a unique 10-digit identifier assigned to all live births and new residents in Denmark. Children were followed up for diagnoses of ASD (International Classification of Diseases, Eighth Revision [ICD-8] codes 299.00, 299.01, 299.02, and 299.03 and ICD-10 codes F84.0, F84.1, F84.5, F84.8, and F84.9) and other mental/behavioral disorders (ICD-8 codes 290-315 and ICD-10 codes F00-F99) in the Danish Psychiatric Central Research Register and for diagnoses of neurologic disorders (ICD-8 codes 320-359 and ICD-10 codes G00-G99) in the Danish National Patient Register. Data analysis was performed in December 2014. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Deaths and causes of death among cohort members were identified via the Danish Civil Registration Service and the Danish Cause of Death Register, respectively. Regressions analyses were performed using Cox regression. RESULTS: Of the 1 912 904 persons included in our study, 20 492 (1.1%) had ASD (15 901 [77.6%] were male). Of the 20 492 persons with ASD, 68 died (0.3%) (57 of 68 [83.8%] had comorbid mental/behavioral or neurologic disorders). The adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) for overall mortality was 2.0 (95% CI, 1.5-2.8) for ASD. The aHRs for ASD-associated mortality among cohort members who did not have neurologic (2.0 [95% CI, 1.4-3.0]) or other mental/behavioral disorders (1.7 [95% CI, 1.0-3.1]) were similar. The co-occurrence of ASD added no additional mortality risk for persons with neurologic (aHR, 0.7 [95% CI, 0.4-1.3]) or mental/behavioral disorders (aHR, 0.8 [95% CI, 0.5-1.2]) compared with persons with these disorders and no ASD. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The mortality risk was 2-fold higher through young adulthood for persons with ASD than for persons without ASD, although mortality affected only 0.3% of persons with ASD. The mechanisms underlying ASD-associated mortality may be mediated through or shared with neurologic or mental/behavioral disorders, thereby providing insights into their potential neurobiological links. Healthcare professionals and family members should recognize the importance of these disorders with regard to the mortality risk for persons with ASD. ER  - 
Risks and benefits of psychotropic medication in pregnancy: Cohort studies based on UK electronic primary care health records$$$ Background Although many women treated with psychotropic medication become pregnant, no psychotropic medication has been licensed for use in pregnancy. This leaves women and their health-care professionals in a treatment dilemma, as they need to balance the health of the woman with that of the unborn child. The aim of this project was to investigate the risks and benefits of psychotropic medication in women treated for psychosis who become pregnant. Objective(s) (1) To provide a descriptive account of psychotropic medication prescribed before pregnancy, during pregnancy and up to 15 months after delivery in UK primary care from 1995 to 2012; (2) to identify risk factors predictive of discontinuation and restarting of lithium (multiple manufacturers), anticonvulsant mood stabilisers and antipsychotic medication; (3) to examine the extent to which pregnancy is a determinant for discontinuation of psychotropic medication; (4) to examine prevalence of records suggestive of adverse mental health, deterioration or relapse 18 months before and during pregnancy, and up to 15 months after delivery; and (5) to estimate absolute and relative risks of adverse maternal and child outcomes of psychotropic treatment in pregnancy. Design Retrospective cohort studies. Setting Primary care. Participants Women treated for psychosis who became pregnant, and their children. Interventions Treatment with antipsychotics, lithium or anticonvulsant mood stabilisers. Main outcome measures Discontinuation and restarting of treatment; worsening of mental health; acute pre-eclampsia/gestational hypertension; gestational diabetes; caesarean section; perinatal death; major congenital malformations; poor birth outcome (low birthweight, preterm birth, small for gestational age, low Apgar score); transient poor birth outcomes (tremor, agitation, breathing and muscle tone problems); and neurodevelopmental and behavioural disorders. Data sources Clinical Practice Research Datalink database and The Health Improvement Network primary care database. Results Prescribing of psychotropic medication was relatively constant before pregnancy, decreased sharply in early pregnancy and peaked after delivery. Antipsychotic and anticonvulsant treatment increased over the study period. The recording of markers of worsening mental health peaked after delivery. Pregnancy was a strong determinant for discontinuation of psychotropic medication. However, between 40% and 76% of women who discontinued psychotropic medication before or in early pregnancy restarted treatment by 15 months after delivery. The risk of major congenital malformations, and neurodevelopmental and behavioural outcomes in valproate (multiple manufacturers) users was twice that in users of other anticonvulsants. The risks of adverse maternal and child outcomes in women who continued antipsychotic use in pregnancy were not greater than in those who discontinued treatment before pregnancy. Limitations A few women would have received parts of their care outside primary care, which may not be captured in this analysis. Likewise, the analyses were based on prescribing data, which may differ from usage. Conclusions Psychotropic medication is prescribed before, during and after pregnancy. Many women discontinue treatment before or during early pregnancy and then restart again in late pregnancy or after delivery. Our results support previous associations between valproate and adverse child outcomes but we found no evidence of such an association for antipsychotics. Future work Future research should focus on (1) curtailing the use of sodium valproate; (2) estimating the benefits of psychotropic drug use in pregnancy; and (3) investigating the risks associated with lifestyle choices that are more prevalent among women using psychotropic drugs. ER  - 
Multi-centre, multi-database studies with common protocols: Lessons learnt from the IMI PROTECT project$$$ Purpose: To assess the impact of a variety of methodological parameters on the association between six drug classes and five key adverse events in multiple databases. Methods: The selection of Drug-Adverse Event pairs was based on public health impact, regulatory relevance, and the possibility to study a broad range of methodological issues. Common protocols and data analytical specifications were jointly developed and independently and blindly executed in different databases in Europe with replications in the same and different databases. Results: The association between antibiotics and acute liver injury, benzodiazepines and hip fracture, antidepressants and hip fracture, inhaled long-acting beta2-agonists and acute myocardial infarction was consistent in direction across multiple designs, databases and methods to control for confounding. Some variation in magnitude of the associations was observed depending on design, exposure and outcome definitions, but none of the differences were statistically significant. The association between anti-epileptics and suicidality was inconsistent across the UK CPRD, Danish National registries and the French PGRx system. Calcium channel blockers were not associated with the risk of cancer in the UK CPRD, and this was consistent across different classes of calcium channel blockers, cumulative durations of use up to >10years and different types of cancer. Conclusions: A network for observational drug effect studies allowing the execution of common protocols in multiple databases was created. Increased consistency of findings across multiple designs and databases in different countries will increase confidence in findings from observational drug research and benefit/risk assessment of medicines. ER  - 
Perception, Attitude and Correlates of Alcoholism and Epilepsy among Residents of Hawassa City, South Ethiopia, Cross Sectional Study$$$ Background: Fear and misunderstanding of epilepsy and alcoholism might lead to negative attitude, poor health seeking behaviors and social stigma resulting social discrimination. The main aim of this study was to assess perception, attitude and associated factors of alcoholism and epilepsy among residents of Hawassa city, South Ethiopia. Methods: Community based cross sectional study was conducted in September 2014. The study participants were selected by using multistage sampling method and allocated to selected villages proportionally to their estimated number of households. Data was collected by using structured, pre-tested and interviewer administered questionnaire and analysis was by SPSS version 20. Results: 51.08% and 58% of respondents have good perception about epilepsy and depression respectively. Age [AOR=3.97, 95% CI=(1.87-8.40)], income [AOR=2.58, CI=(1.54-4.34)], information from mass media [AOR=1.94, CI=(1.44-2.63)], information from religious institutions [AOR=0.57, CI=(0.40-0.82)] and information from health institutions [AOR=1.73, CI=(1.15-2.2.60)] for epilepsy, age [AOR=6.02, 95%CI=(2.76-13.15)] and income [AOR= 2.93, CI=(1.71-5.02)] were significant predictors of perceptions and , perception [AOR=3.32, CI=(2.44.-4.52)] for alcoholism, income[AOR=2.24, CI=(1.23-4.05)], information from health institution [AOR=1.56, CI=(1.07-2.41] and perception [AOR=1.45, CI=(1.04.-2.01)] for epilepsy and were found to be significant predictors of attitude. Conclusion: Educating people about mental disorders by using mass media and health institutions and working with religious institutions is vital. ER  - 
The safety of hyperbaric oxygen treatment--retrospective analysis in 2,334 patients$$$ INTRODUCTION: Hyperbaric oxygen (HBO2) therapy is applied in a growing number of cases for patients with different comorbidities and is considered a generally safe therapy. The main side effects related to HBO2 therapy are barotrauma, central nervous system- and pulmonary oxygen toxicity, claustrophobia, anxiety and visual disturbances. The aim of this study was to evaluate the incidence of side effects associated with HBO2 therapy and risk factors in a large cohort of patients treated for different indications. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective analysis of 2,334 patients treated in the Sagol Center of Hyperbaric Medicine and Research, Assaf Harofeh, Israel, between June 2010 and December 2014. Patients were classified to one of three categories of indications: Category A--non-neurological indications; Category B--neurotherapeutic indications; and Category C--acute indications. RESULTS: From a total of 2,334 patients, 406 (17.4%) experienced adverse event(s) (one or more) during HBO2 therapy sessions. The overall per-session incidence was 721:100,000 events:sessions (0.72%). The main complication was middle ear barotrauma, which occurred in 9.2% of patients and in 0.04% of sessions. Females and children under the age of 16 years had increased risk for barotrauma. Other complications--hypoglycemia, oxygen toxicity, dizziness, anxiety reactions, dyspnea and chest pain--occurred in 0.5-1.5% of patients. CONCLUSIONS: Strict operational protocols, including pre-HBO2 therapy evaluations and in-chamber monitoring, are essential and improve patient safety. When applied, HBO2 therapy can be considered one of the safest medical treatments available today. ER  - 
Electrical vagus nerve stimulation as an innovative treatment in inflammatory bowel diseases$$$ Background: The inflammatory reflex regulates innate and adaptive immunity.1 Activation of its efferent arm (the cholinergic antiinflammatory pathway [CAP]) by electrical vagus nerve stimulation (eVNS) reduces systemic inflammation and ameliorates disease in many acute and chronic animal models. Our previous studies revealed a blunted vagus nerve activity in Crohn's disease (CD) patients2, as well as an improvement of colitis in rats after eVNS.3 We determined whether VNS could improve clinical manifestations of Crohn's disease over a pilot study on 7 CD patients (Clinical Trials.gov NCT01569503). The main goal was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of this innovative treatment for inflammatory diseases, and already used in epilepsy and depression. Methods: Seven patients (18 < age < 65 years) with moderate-tosevere ileo-colonic CD (220 < CDAI < 450), naïve of treatment or despite a stable treatment reference, with a CRP > 5 mg/L and/or a faecal calprotectin > 100 μg/g and a CDEIS ≥ 7, were included and equipped with a VNS device on the left vagus nerve (Cyberonics Inc.). Stimulation parameters were 10 Hz, 500 μs, 0,5 mA, 30 s ON, 5 min OFF, continuously. Three main types of markers were measured during a 6 months follow-up: clinical (Crohn's disease activity index [CDAI]), biological (C-reactive protein [CRP-faecal calprotectin-CAL]), and autonomic (heart rate variability [HRV]). Results: VNS was well tolerated in all patients. Amongst the 7 patients, 2 were removed from the study at 3 months for clinical worsening, and 5 evolved towards clinical, biological, and endoscopic remission. Moreover, VNS restored the vagal tone to an equilibrated autonomic balance (increased for 4 patients with an initial low tone and decreased for 1 patient with an initial high tone). Conclusions: This pilot study provides the first evidence that VNS appears as an effective tool in the treatment of active Crohn's disease. Indeed, long-term VNS: 1) is feasible and well tolerated and 2) induces a clinical, biological, and endoscopic remission at 6 months in the majority of the patients with active CD. Moreover, we show that the long-term effect of VNS on vagal tone depends on its initial level before VNS onset. In addition, VNS is devoided of problem of compliance and could be of interest as an alternative to classical pharmacological therapies in some patients. ER  - 
Prescribing pattern, tolerability and efficacy study (4 weeks) of the novel drug 'xiapex'$$$ Background Xiapex (active ingredient: collagenase Clostridium histolyticum), is a novel, innovative and expensive drug under observation from the Italian Medicine Agency (AIFA). Its dispensation is authorised only in highly specialised hospitals, such as this hospital, where it has been given to patients with Dupuytren disease since 4 December 2014. By law the drug is allowed to be given 3 times on the same palmar fascia for 4 weeks. Purpose To monitor Xiapex utilisation pattern (drug prescribing pattern, tolerability and efficacy study) over a 10 month period of marketing. Material and methods From the AIFA database the eligibility criteria for Xiapex treatment were obtained: 1. the joint involved in the treatment (metacarpophalangeal (MP) or proximal interphalageal (PIP)); 2. degree of contracture (between 20 and 50 for MP; between 15 and 40 for PIP); 3. prior surgical intervention (only aponeurotomy or fasciotomy); and 4. other concomitant disease (diabetes, hypercholesterolaemia, tabagism, alcoholism, epilepsy cirrhosis or HIV). Personal and clinical data of all 24 patients (pz) were available from the doctor records as well as data on tolerability and efficacy of the drug after 4 weeks of treatment. Results Patient age ranged from 40 to 90 years. 4 were women and 20 were men. 5 pz presented other disease: 2 diabetes, 2 hypercholesterolaemia, 1 tabagism. 22 pz had MP contracture as the main issue. In particular, 11 pz had a contracture score of 30, 2 pz a score of 35, 7 pz a score of 40 and 2 pz a score of 50. 2 pz were affected by the PIP contracture as the main issue. In particular, 1 pz had a score of 35 and the other a score of 40. Only 2 pz had previous fasciotomy. All 24 pz were treated once and this treatment was sufficient to resolve the Dupuytren's contracture (specifically the remaining residual delta of muscolar contraction was trascurable). Only minor, modest and short side effects were observed, such as skin rush at the armpit, light skin abrasions and ecchymosis. Conclusion These preliminary results show that clinically different patients, but within the AIFA criteria, benefit from the treatment with very few side effects in all patients. ER  - 
Utilizing a direct assessment to identify functional impairments in homeless adults$$$ Introduction: Traditionally, assessments of instrumental activities of daily living in the elderly have been based on self-reports, but concerns about underestimating impairment have led to studies of directly observed function (Diehl et al., 1995). The Health Care for Homeless Veterans (HCHV) program at the Connecticut VA aims to provide housing assistance to patients who are homeless or at risk of homelessness. Several studies have reported a high prevalence of both cognitive and functional impairment among homeless adults, even at as young as age 50 (Depp et al., 2015). This population often lacks collateral sources of information to confirm functional status. Therefore, we aim to utilize a directly observed assessment of function in a geriatric syndrome screening clinic that was established in collaboration with the HCHV at VA Connecticut. Methods: As part of a collaborative quality improvement project, patients presenting to the homeless clinic at VA Connecticut were seen in the Screening PRogram to Identify Needs due to Geriatric Syndromes (SPRING) clinic. Patients were 18 years old or older, eligible for VA benefits, and homeless or at risk for homelessness. Patients received either a full or a partial screening as part of this project. The full screening included a revised form of the Direct Assessment of Functional Status (DAFS-R; McDougall et al., 2010) to assess skills in the domains of communication, finance, shopping, and medication management. In addition, subjective measures of functional status [Modified Katz Activities of Daily Living Scale, Brief Instrumental Functional Scale (BIFS)], depression screening (Patient Health Questionnaire 9), and cognitive assessments [Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), Trail Making Test Part B (Trails B) are performed. The DAFS-R contains 55 items that assess the skills required for communication (using a phone and mailing a letter), financial affairs (counting currency and balancing checkbooks), shopping (recalling a shopping list and choosing the shopping list items from a shelf ), and medication management (identifying information on a prescription bottle, using a telephone for prescription refills, and managing medications in a pillbox.) Partial screening includes the subjective measures of functional status, depression screening, and the cognitive assessments. After assessments, clinicians reviewed the results of the full screenings and engaged patients in a planning conversation regarding further evaluation and treatment. The ultimate goal of this project is to identify and address functional impairment as a means of improving housing and health outcomes. Here we report the results of directly observed functional testing, as well as the associations with subjective measures of function and cognitive screening. Results: A total of 17 patients received a full assessment including directly observed assessment of function. Average age was 55.8 ± 10.2 years and 93.4% were male. Patients reported an average education level of 12.7 ± 1.3 years. Based on chart diagnoses, 50.0% had a mood disorder, 37.5% an anxiety disorder, 12.5% a psychotic disorder, 43.8% an alcohol use disorder, 6.3% an opioid use disorder, and 18.8% a stimulant use disorder. Four patients (25%) had a chart diagnosis of MCI or dementia. None of the patients had a diagnosis of traumatic brain injury or stroke recorded in the chart. One patient (6.3%) had a seizure disorder. On direct assessment of functional status (DAFS-R), the mean score was 45.6 ± 8.2 (max score possible of 57). DAFS-R score was significantly correlated with MoCA score (r2 = 0.2399, p < 0.05, Spearman correlation, Figure 1), but not with Trails B alone. Patients that had cognitive impairment (MoCA < 26 represented by horizontal red dotted line in Figure 1, or Trails B < -1.5 standard deviations below age and education adjusted norms) scored significantly lower on the DAFS-R than those without cognitive impairment (p < 0.05, Wilcoxon rank sum test, Figure 2). Importantly, subjective assessments of function completed by asking a patient about their needs using the BIFS had no correlation with the DAFS-R, MoCA, or Trails B. Conclusions: This study demonstrates the need for directly observed assessments of function in homeless patients. Impairments are both prevalent and under-recognized by assessments based only on subjective interview. Identification and support of functional impairment may be an important intervention for patients with unstable housing whose impairment may contribute to continued housing instability or homelessness. Future goals of our work are to explore the relationship between housing instability and functional impairment and evaluate the impact of the SPRING clinic intervention on housing outcomes. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Effectiveness of subcutaneous methotrexate in chronic plaque psoriasis$$$ BACKGROUND: Oral methotrexate (MTX) has been a first line systemic agent in the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis (CPP) for more than 50 years. Parenteral MTX, administered as a subcutaneous (SC) injection has gained favour in recent years. The effectiveness of SC MTX has been proven in rheumatological conditions but there has been no assessment of its role in CPP. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed case notes of 85 patients prescribed SC MTX for psoriasis in three dermatology centres in the UK (Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board, Western Infirmary, Glasgow, and Salford Royal NHS Foundation Trust). Audit department approval was sought and granted. RESULTS: A total of 85 patients (44 male; 41 female; age range 14 – 78 years, mean 44 years; 79 Caucasian, 6 Asian) with CPP were identified. The average duration of psoriasis was 19 years [range 3 - 60 years]. Co-morbidities included depression, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, epilepsy, obesity, ischaemic heart disease, and hyperlipidaemia; 29 patients had no associated co-morbidities. Psoriatic arthritis was noted in 18 patients. Previous treatments included phototherapy (both narrow band ultraviolet B [TLO1] and psoralen and ultraviolet A [PUVA])(n=60), oral MTX (n=82), ciclosporin (n=37), acitretin (n=19), fumaric acid esters (n=20), hydroxycarbamide (n=6), mycophenolate mofetil (n=2), and repeated in-patient admissions (n=2). Oral MTX was stopped due to nausea (n=43), ineffectiveness (n=13) or partial response (n=11), headache (n=3), increased liver enzymes (n=2), and lethargy (n=2). The median number of systemic agents used prior to SC MTX was 3 (mean 2.65, range 1 to 6 agents). The weekly dose of SC MTX varied between 7.5mg to 30mg (mean 18.5mg, median 20mg) and had been used for 2 months to 67 months (mean 14 months; median 9 months). Folic acid supplementation was used in every patient. The patients were reviewed between 6 weeks to 3 months once treatment was fully established. Using a pre-determined “adjective list” (where specific adjectives were used to denote those who responded or did not respond to treatment), patients were classified as “responders” (n=59) or “non-responders” (n=26). CONCLUSION: This study suggests that SC MTX is an effective option in patients with CPP who have failed oral MTX and could be a worthwhile consideration prior to commencement of a biologic agent. Furthermore, the SC route may be a viable first choice of MTX administration. A randomised controlled trial comparing oral and SC MTX is required to validate these findings. ER  - 
Deleterious mutations in GTPase related genes in bipolar disorder$$$ Bipolar disorder is a common, complex, and heritable psychiatric disorder characterized by episodes of extremely elevated, expansive or irritable mood, grandiosity, flight of ideas, distractibility or agitation. severe mood swings. Heritability estimates range from 58% to 93% with a monozygotic twin concordance rate of about 0.43. Nevertheless, the etiology of the disease remains unknown. Linkage studies and genome-wide association studies have suggested chromosomal and genomic regions potentially related to bipolar disorder, but the identification of disease causing variants remains largely elusive. Exome- wide sequencing offers now the opportunity to lead these investigations to a new level. The identification of rare, damaging genomic mutations in families with bipolar disorder could inform about disease mechanisms and lead to new therapeutic interventions. To determine whether rare, damaging mutations shared identity-by-descent indicate potential pathophysiological pathways, exome sequencing was performed in multigenerational families of the National Institute of Health Bipolar Disorder Family Study followed by in silico functional prediction. Disease association and disease specificity was determined using 5,090 exomes from the Sweden-Schizophrenia Population-Based Case-Control Exome Sequencing study. We identified 14 rare and likely deleterious mutations in 14 genes that were shared identity- by-descent among affected family members. The variants were associated with disease compared to healthy controls (Fisher exact p 0.05 after Bonferroni correction) and disease specificity was supported by the absence of the mutations in patients with schizophrenia. The mutated genes are related to GTPase activity in neuronal pathways involved in G-protein coupled receptor signaling. This disease mechanism has been implicated in the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder in cell culture and animal studies, indicating that the disease association is plausible and coherent with well-established observations and pathophysiological theories. In addition, we found rare, functional mutations in known disease-causing genes for neuropsychiatric disorders including holoprosencephaly and epilepsy which could be modifiers of the disease phenotype. The results of our study indicate that rare, deleterious mutations in gene-coding regions could be related to a bipolar phenotype in families, in which the disease is transmitted over several generations. Exome sequencing in multigenerational families with bipolar disorder is effective in identifying rare genomic variants with potential clinical relevance. Our results further support the rare-variant disease model of bipolar disorder. The disease association of the identified mutations need to be replicated and the functional consequences of the mutations validated before the information could be used in clinical settings. ER  - 
Mentally ill patients who committed sexual and physical assaults: A study about 37 cases of expertise reports$$$ Introduction Several studies suggest the existence of a relationship between major mental disorders and crime. However, it is important to emphasize that violent behaviors do not affect all patients and that issues of criminality among mentally ill persons only represents a small proportion. Aims The objective of this study is to establish the general and clinical profile of perpetrators of sexual and physical assaults. Methods This is a retrospective study of the records of forensic psychiatric expertise, conducted in the psychiatry department of the University Hospital of Mahdia during the period from May 1st 2000 to May 31st 2013. Results The general profile of the population the study was characterized by a mean age of 39 years, a sex ratio of 8.25, unemployment in 73% of cases and by the presence of a psychiatric personal history 54% of cases. Sexual and physical assaults accounted for 54.5% of cases. It was essentially in descending order: assault and battery (65%), rape (16.2%) and incest (5.4%). As for the clinical profile, schizophrenia and epilepsy were recorded each in 13.5% of cases, major depressive disorder in 8.1% of cases, bipolar disorder in 5.4% and substance abuse in 5.4% of cases. A personality disorder was observed in 48.6% cases, essentially antisocial personality (55%). Comorbidity with addictive behavior was observed in 56.7% of cases. Conclusion It is necessary to characterize a subgroup of patients with mental disorders, likely to commit violent crimes, in order to prevent acting out behaviors and adapt their management. ER  - 
Cause of death and predictors of mortality in a community-based cohort of people with epilepsy$$$ Objective: The risk of premature mortality is increased in people with epilepsy. The reasons for this and how it may relate to epilepsy etiology remain unclear. Methods: The National General Practice Study of Epilepsy is a prospective, community-based cohort that includes 558 people with recurrent unprovoked seizures of whom 34% died during almost 25 years of follow-up. We assessed the underlying and immediate causes of death and their relationship to epilepsy etiology. Psychiatric and somatic comorbidities of epilepsy as predictors of mortality were scrutinized using adjusted Cox proportional hazards models. Results: The 3 most common underlying causes of death were noncerebral neoplasm, cardiovascular, and cerebrovascular disease, accounting for 59% (111/189) of deaths, while epilepsy-related causes (e.g., sudden unexplained death in epilepsy) accounted for 3% (6/189) of deaths. In 23% (43/189) of individuals, the underlying cause of death was directly related to the epilepsy etiology; this was significantly more likely if death occurred within 2 years of the index seizure (percent ratio 4.28 [95% confidence interval 2.63-6.97]). Specific comorbidities independently associated with increased risk of mortality were neoplasms (primary cerebral and noncerebral neoplasm), certain neurologic diseases, and substance abuse. Conclusions: Comorbid diseases are important causes of death, as well as predictors of premature mortality in epilepsy. There is an especially strong relationship between cause of death and epilepsy etiology in the first 2 years after the index seizure. Addressing these issues may help stem the tide of premature mortality in epilepsy. ER  - 
Increased prevalence of intermittent rhythmic delta or theta activity (IRDA/IRTA) in the electroencephalograms (EEGs) of patients with borderline personality disorder$$$ Introduction: An increased prevalence of pathological electroencephalography (EEG) signals has been reported in patients with borderline personality disorder (BPD). In an elaborative case description of such a patient with intermittent rhythmic delta and theta activity (IRDA/IRTA), the BPD symptoms where linked to the frequency of the IRDAs/IRTAs and vanished with the IRDAs/IRTAs following anticonvulsive therapy. This observation raised a question regarding the prevalence of such EEG abnormalities in BPD patients. The aim of this retrospective study was to identify the frequency of EEG abnormalities in a carefully analyzed psychiatric collective. Following earlier reports, we hypothesized an increased prevalence of EEG abnormalities in BPD patients. Participants and Methods: We recruited 96 consecutive patients with BPD from the archive of a university clinic for psychiatry and psychotherapy, and compared the prevalence of EEG abnormalities to those of 76 healthy controls subjects. The EEGs were rated by three different blinded clinicians, including a consultant specializing in epilepsy from the local epilepsy center. Results: We found a significant increase in the prevalence of IRDAs and IRTAs in BPD patients (14.6%) compared to the control subjects (3.9%; p = 0.020). Discussion: In this blinded retrospective case-control study, we were able to confirm an increased prevalence of pathological EEG findings (IRDAs/IRTAs only) in BPD patients. The major limitation of this study is that the control group was not matched on age and gender. Therefore, the results should be regarded as preliminary findings of an open uncontrolled, retrospective study. Future research performing prospective, controlled studies is needed to verify our findings and answer the question of whether such EEG findings might predict a positive response to anticonvulsive pharmacological treatment. ER  - 
Anxiety in adolescent epilepsy. A clinimetric analysis$$$ Background: Anxiety and depression have been considered to be neglected disorders in epilepsy. Because panic disorder is one of the most important anxiety disorders, it has been problematic to use very comprehensive anxiety questionnaires in epilepsy patients, as panic attacks and epileptic seizures, although two distinct clinical entities from a diagnostic point of view, show a significant overlap of symptoms. Aims: We have focused on single items for anxiety and depression as screening candidates in adolescent epilepsy. Methods: The individual panic attack item in the Screen for Children Anxiety Related Emotional Disorders Scale (SCARED) and the single depression item in the Kellner Symptom Questionnaire were tested. Our samples consisted of adolescent patients with epilepsy and a matched control group with healthy participants, as well as two numerical groups acting as controls. Results: The single panic attack item identified panic anxiety in 24.1% in the group of patients with epilepsy and 0.0% in the matched control group (p=0.01). The single depression item identified 52.2% with depression in the epilepsy group and 6.2% in the matched control group (p=0.001). Conclusion: As screening instruments, single items of panic attack and depression are sufficient to screen for these affective states in adolescent epilepsy. The clinical implications are that it is important to be quite specific when screening for depression and panic attacks in adolescent patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Is sex an indicator of prognosis after mild traumatic brain injury: A systematic analysis of the findings of the world health organization collaborating centre task force on mild traumatic brain injury and the international collaboration on mild traumatic brain injury prognosis$$$ Objective to determine sex differences in the recovery and prognosis after mild traumatic brain injury (MTBI) in adults and children. Data Sources We analyzed all scientifically admissible primary studies in the World Health Organization (WHO) (n=120) and International Collaboration on Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Prognosis (ICoMP) (n=101) systematic reviews regarding prognosis of MTBI for sex-stratified findings. They searched MEDLINE and other databases from 1980 through 2000 (WHO) and 2001 through 2012 (ICoMP) for published, peer-reviewed reports in English and other languages. Study Selection We selected controlled trials and cohort and case-control studies that assessed the effect of sex on outcomes after MTBI. Data Extraction Data from the eligible studies from both systematic reviews combined (n=14, 7%) were extracted into evidence tables. Data Synthesis Prognostic information relating to sex was prioritized according to design as exploratory or confirmatory, and a best-evidence synthesis was conducted. After MTBI, females may have a higher risk of epilepsy (children, young adults) and suicide, and use more health care services; males may be at higher risk for schizophrenia. Most studies did not find a sex difference for postconcussion symptoms in children and adults. No sex difference was found for risk of dementia and primary brain tumor, return to work, or posttraumatic stress syndrome. Conclusions Sex is not a well-studied prognostic indicator for recovery after MTBI, but small sex differences were found for some outcomes. More well-designed studies are needed that report outcomes according to sex and control for potential confounders. ER  - 
Correlation of EEG with neuropsychological status in children with epilepsy$$$ Objective: To determine correlations of the EEG frequency spectrum with neuropsychological status in children with idiopathic epilepsy. Methods: Forty-six children ages 8-18 years old with idiopathic epilepsy were retrospectively identified and analyzed for correlations between EEG spectra and neuropsychological status using multivariate linear regression. In addition, the theta/beta ratio, which has been suggested as a clinically useful EEG marker of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and an EEG spike count were calculated for each subject. Results: Neuropsychological status was highly correlated with posterior alpha (8-15 Hz) EEG activity in a complex way, with both positive and negative correlations at lower and higher alpha frequency sub-bands for each cognitive task in a pattern that depends on the specific cognitive task. In addition, the theta/beta ratio was a specific but insensitive indicator of ADHD status in children with epilepsy; most children both with and without epilepsy have normal theta/beta ratios. The spike count showed no correlations with neuropsychological status. Conclusions: (1) The alpha rhythm may have at least two sub-bands which serve different purposes. (2) The theta/beta ratio is not a sensitive indicator of ADHD status in children with epilepsy. (3) The EEG frequency spectrum correlates more robustly with neuropsychological status than spike count analysis in children with idiopathic epilepsy. Significance: (1) The role of posterior alpha rhythms in cognition is complex and can be overlooked if EEG spectral resolution is too coarse or if neuropsychological status is assessed too narrowly. (2) ADHD in children with idiopathic epilepsy may involve different mechanisms from those in children without epilepsy. (3) Reliable correlations with neuropsychological status require longer EEG samples when using spike count analysis than when using frequency spectra. ER  - 
Behavioural abnormalities in children with new-onset nephrotic syndrome receiving corticosteroid therapy: results of a prospective longitudinal study$$$ Background: Corticosteroid therapy can cause behavioural abnormalities in children with nephrotic syndrome. The objective of this study was to explore the timing of the appearance of abnormalities in their first episode. Methods: Forty-five children with a first episode of idiopathic nephrotic syndrome (30 aged 2–5 and 15 aged 6–14 years) were assessed for behavioural problems using the Child Behaviour Checklist (CBCL) before, and after 6 and 12 weeks of oral steroid treatment. Sixty healthy children were included as controls. Results: In both age groups, marked abnormalities of externalising behaviour were noticed, specifically in the domains of aggressive behaviour and attention problems. Clinical range or borderline externalising abnormalities were present in 73 % of the younger children and 60 % of the schoolchildren after 6 weeks of treatment. In the schoolchildren, abnormal internalising behaviour was also noted at 6 weeks, in 40 % at borderline level and in 20 % within the clinical range. Elevated scores were observed for the anxious/depressed and withdrawn/depressed domains. Most changes persisted at the 12-week observation. Conclusions: Children of both age groups showed significant attention problems and aggressive and abnormal externalising behaviour within 6 weeks of starting treatment. Parents should be informed and counselled about this potential adverse effect of steroid therapy. ER  - 
A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Discontinuation Study of Cholinesterase Inhibitors in Institutionalized Patients With Moderate to Severe Alzheimer Disease$$$ Objectives: Cholinesterase inhibitors (ChEIs) offer modest benefits in Alzheimer disease (AD), which must be balanced against risks. Relatively few data delineate the benefits and risks of long-term ChEI administration in institutionalized patients with advanced AD. This study investigated the effects of ChEI discontinuation in institutionalized patients with AD. Design: Institutionalized patients with moderate to severe AD (standardized Mini- Mental Status Examination ≤15) and treated with a ChEI for ≥2 years were randomized, double-blind, to ChEI continuation or placebo, with a 2-week tapering phase, for 8-weeks. Measurements: The primary outcome of this pilot study was change on the Clinician's Global Impression of Change (CGI-C) scale. Secondary outcomes included safety, efficacy, and tolerability. Baseline (BL) predictors of clinical deterioration were also determined. Results: Forty patients (mean ± standard deviation age = 89.3 ± 3.5 years, standardized Mini-Mental Status Examination = 8.1 ± 5.2, Neuropsychiatric Inventory-Nursing Home version total score = 21.1 ± 15.9, 80% male) were randomized to ChEI continuation (n = 21) or placebo (n = 19). There was no significant difference in clinical worsening in the ChEI continuation (28.6%) and placebo groups (36.8%) on CGI-C (odds ratio for worsening 1.58, 95% confidence interval .38-6.55, P = .53). The occurrence of adverse events was similar in both groups. There were no significant differences in any of the secondary outcome measures. In the placebo group, BL hallucinations predicted CGI-C worsening [F(1,17) = 6.4, P = .02], and there was a trend for BL delusions to predict CGI-C worsening [F(1,15) = 3.5, P = .08]. Conclusions: These results suggest that ChEI discontinuation is safe and well tolerated in the majority of institutionalized patients with moderate to severe AD. When discontinuing ChEI, the presence of hallucinations and delusions may predict clinical deterioration, suggesting the need for increased caution. ER  - 
Adverse events and the relation with quality of life in adults with intellectual disability and challenging behaviour using psychotropic drugs$$$ Background: Psychotropic drugs are prescribed to approximately 30-40% of adults with intellectual disability (ID) and challenging behaviour, despite the limited evidence of effectiveness and the potential of adverse events. Aims: To assess the prevalence of adverse events in association with psychotropic drug use in adults with ID and challenging behaviour and to examine the relation of these adverse events with the person's quality of life. Method: The presence of adverse events was measured with a questionnaire that had to be filled in by the physicians of the participants. Movement disorders were measured separately with a standardised protocol. The strength of the association between adverse events and Intellectual Disability Quality of Life-16 (IDQOL-16), and daily functioning was investigated using linear regression analyses, taking into account the severity of disease (CGI-S) as potential confounder. Results: Virtually all of 103 adults with ID and challenging behaviour had at least one adverse event (84.4%) and almost half had ≥3 adverse events (45.6%) across different subclasses. Using psychotropic drugs increased the prevalence of adverse events significantly. Respectively 13% of the patients without psychotropic drugs and 61% of the patients with ≥2 psychotropic drugs had ≥3 adverse events. Having adverse events had a significantly negative influence on the quality of life. Conclusions: A large majority of all patients had at least one adverse event associated with psychotropic drug use. More attention is needed for these adverse events and their negative influence on the quality of life of these patients, taking into account the lack of evidence of effectiveness of psychotropic drugs for challenging behaviour. ER  - 
Clinical dissection of childhood occipital epilepsy of Gastaut and prognostic implication$$$ Background and purpose: Our aim was to describe the clinical and electrical features and the long-term evolution of childhood occipital epilepsy of Gastaut (COE-G) in a cohort of patients and to compare long-term prognosis between patients with and without other epileptic syndromes. Methods: This was a retrospective analysis of the long-term outcome of epilepsy in 129 patients with COE-G who were referred to 23 Italian epilepsy centres and one in Austria between 1991 and 2004. Patients were evaluated clinically and with electroencephalograms for 10.1-23.0 years. The following clinical characteristics were evaluated: gender, patient age at seizure onset, history of febrile seizures and migraine, family history of epilepsy, duration and seizure manifestations, circadian distribution and frequency of seizures, history of medications including the number of drugs, therapeutic response and final outcome. Results: Visual hallucinations were the first symptom in 62% and the only manifestation in 38.8% of patients. Patients were subdivided into two groups: group A with isolated COE-G; group B with other epileptic syndromes associated with COE-G. The most significant (P < 0.05) difference concerned antiepileptic therapy: in group A, 45 children responded to monotherapy; in group B only 15 children responded to monotherapy. At the end of follow-up, the percentage of seizure-free patients was significantly higher in group A than in group B. Conclusions: Childhood occipital epilepsy of Gastaut has an overall favourable prognosis and a good response to antiepileptic therapy with resolution of seizures and of electroencephalogram abnormalities. The association of typical COE-G symptoms with other types of seizure could be related to a poor epilepsy outcome. ER  - 
Exploring the efficacy of a 5-day course of transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) on depression and memory function in patients with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Depression and memory dysfunction significantly impact the quality of life of patients with epilepsy. Current therapies for these cognitive and psychiatric comorbidities are limited. We explored the efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) for treating depression and memory dysfunction in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Methods: Thirty-seven (37) adults with well-controlled TLE were enrolled in a double-blinded, sham-controlled, randomized, parallel-group study of 5 days of fixed-dose (2. mA, 20 min) TDCS. Subjects were randomized to receive either real or sham TDCS, both delivered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Patients received neuropsychological testing and a 20-minute scalp EEG at baseline immediately after the TDCS course and at 2- and 4-week follow-up. Results: There was improvement in depression scores immediately after real TDCS, but not sham TDCS, as measured by changes in the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI change: - 1.68 vs. 1.27, p. <. 0.05) and NDDI-E (- 0.83 vs. 0.9091, p. = 0.05). There was no difference between the groups at the 2- or 4-week follow-up. There was no effect on delayed or working memory performance. Transcranial direct current stimulation was well-tolerated and did not increase seizure frequency or interictal discharge frequency. Transcranial direct current stimulation induced an increase in delta frequency band power over the frontal region and delta, alpha, and theta band power in the occipital region after real stimulation compared to sham stimulation, although the difference did not reach statistical significance. Discussion: This study provides evidence for the use of TDCS as a safe and well-tolerated nonpharmacologic approach to improving depressive symptoms in patients with well-controlled TLE. However, there were no changes in memory function immediately following or persisting after a stimulation course. Further studies may determine optimal stimulation parameters for maximal mood benefit. ER  - 
Correlates of health-related quality of life in adults with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A systematic review$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) often have a debilitating effect on patients' lives. Patients, family members, and clinicians have yet to fully understand the mechanisms and treatment of this disorder. Although reviews exist about epileptic seizures, there have been no systematic reviews of studies focusing on the impact of PNES. This review considers research on factors associated with the health-related quality of life (HRQoL) of patients with PNES. Searches of Medline, PsycINFO, CINAHL, and Cochrane Library were conducted. Search terms identified studies that examined factors associated with HRQoL in PNES. Factors fell into three categories: (1) seizure and somatic factors, (2) psychological factors, and (3) coping strategies and family functioning. Fourteen articles were included. The majority of studies were cross-sectional and were of weak to moderate quality. Depressive symptoms were negatively associated with HRQoL. Other factors associated with poorer HRQoL included dissociation, somatic symptoms, escape-avoidance coping strategies, and family dysfunction. Variables such as seizure frequency and demographic factors were not significantly associated with HRQoL. Psychological and interpersonal factors, not seizure reduction, are important for the HRQoL of patients with PNES. The avoidance of emotions is proposed as a perpetuating factor in the difficulties associated with poorer HRQoL. A biopsychosocial approach has relevance for both the clinical and theoretical understanding of PNES. Larger scale research on psychological and relational factors is needed to inform therapeutic approaches to enhance HRQoL in patients with PNES. ER  - 
Effects of a ketogenic diet on ADHD-like behavior in dogs with idiopathic epilepsy$$$ Objectives: Epilepsy in humans and rodent models of epilepsy can be associated with behavioral comorbidities including an increased prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms and seizure frequency have been successfully reduced in humans and rodents using a ketogenic diet (KD). The aims of this study were (i) to describe the behavioral profile of dogs with idiopathic epilepsy (IE) while on a standardized nonketogenic placebo diet, to determine whether ADHD-like behaviors are present, and (ii) to examine the effect of a ketogenic medium chain triglyceride diet (MCTD) on the behavioral profile of dogs with idiopathic epilepsy (IE) compared with the standardized placebo control diet, including ADHD-like behaviors. Methods: A 6-month prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, crossover dietary trial comparing the effects of the MCTD with a standardized placebo diet on canine behavior was carried out. Dogs diagnosed with IE, with a seizure frequency of at least 3 seizures in the past 3. months (n. = 21), were fed the MCTD or placebo diet for 3. months and were then switched to the alternative diet for 3. months. Owners completed a validated behavioral questionnaire to measure 11 defined behavioral factors at the end of each diet period to report their dogs' behavior, with three specific behaviors hypothesized to be related to ADHD: excitability, chasing, and trainability. Results: The highest scoring behavioral factors in the placebo and MCTD periods were excitability (mean ± SE: 1.910 ± 0.127) and chasing (mean ± SE: 1.824 ± 0.210). A markedly lower trainability score (mean ± SE: 0.437 ± 0.125) than that of previously studied canine populations was observed. The MCTD resulted in a significant improvement in the ADHD-related behavioral factor chasing and a reduction in stranger-directed fear (p. <. 0.05) compared with the placebo diet. The latter effect may be attributed to previously described anxiolytic effects of a KD. Conclusions: These data support the supposition that dogs with IE may exhibit behaviors that resemble ADHD symptoms seen in humans and rodent models of epilepsy and that a MCTD may be able to improve some of these behaviors, along with potentially anxiolytic effects. ER  - 
Psychogenic seizures: Long-term outcome in patients with and without epilepsy$$$ Objectives: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) may resemble epileptic events. Epileptic and non-epileptic seizures are not mutually exclusive phenomena and may coexist in the same patient. The aim of this study was to evaluate the long-term outcome of psychogenic events in patients with PNES alone and those with both PNES and epilepsy (PNES + EPI) as diagnosed by video-EEG (vEEG) monitoring. Materials and Methods: All adult admissions to the Tel-Aviv Medical Center's vEEG unit between 2004 and 2009 were screened for the presence of PNES. We retrospectively retrieved data from their medical files and supplemented the follow-up by a telephonic questionnaire. Results: Eligible patients (n = 51) were divided into those with PNES + EPI (n = 24) and those with PNES alone (n = 27). The follow-up period was 4.8 ± 0.3 and 4.3 ± 0.3 years, respectively. Both groups had similar female predominance and similar age at admission to the vEEG unit. Time from PNES onset to hospitalization was longer in PNES patients compared to those with PNES + EPI. The majority of subjects in each group reported a history of at least one major stressful life event. Opisthotonus was significantly more frequently observed in PNES patients, and they had more events during vEEG hospitalization. Psychogenic events ceased during the follow-up period in 22% of the PNES patients and in 58% of the PNES + EPI patients (P > 0.001). Conclusion: Our results indicate that following vEEG-based diagnosis of PNES, the long-term outcome of PNES cessation may be more favorable for patients with concomitant epilepsy than for patients without epilepsy. ER  - 
Reappraisal of epileptic pain as a rare symptom of seizures$$$ Purpose: To draw attention to epileptic pain which is a rare seizure symptom mostly causing wrong diagnosis and delayed treatment. We present nine patients in whom pain was a prominent initial or early ictal symptom. Methods: We reviewed the records of 4736 patients, and found nine patients who had pain as an aura or an early prominent symptom of their seizures. Seizure semiology, EEG, and cranial imaging features were evaluated retrospectively. Results: Age at seizure onset ranged from 6 months to 50 years, and the mean age during the study was 37.7 ± 11.9 years. Pain was predominantly peripherally localized in four patients, whereas cephalic pain was detected in three patients, and abdominal pain was detected in two patients. Electroencephalography (EEG) revealed epileptic abnormalities on the temporoparietal and frontotemporal regions in three patients each. Photosensitive generalized epileptic discharges were detected in one and diffuse background slowing in the remaining two other patients. Electroencephalography abnormalities were lateralized to the contralateral site of the pain in four patients with strictly localized pain. Three patients revealed no abnormality on the cranial MR imaging, whereas others showed different types of abnormality such as heterotopias (n:1), mesial temporal lobe atrophy (n:1), white and gray matter sequela lesions (n:1), diffuse white matter lesion (n:1), chronic encephalomalacia and gliosis (n:1), and perivascular space dilatation (n:1). Conclusion: Epileptic pain is a neglected, but important, semiologic symptom with localization and lateralization value in the patients with somatosensorial seizures of parietal as well as temporal lobe origin. It occurs mainly as peripherally localized, cephalic, or abdominal pain and is usually associated with a symptomatic etiology. Awareness of epileptic pain is important to avoid misdiagnosis and delayed treatment. ER  - 
Self-control of epileptic seizures by nonpharmacological strategies$$$ Despite the unpredictability of epileptic seizures, many patients report that they can anticipate seizure occurrence. Using certain alert symptoms (i.e., auras, prodromes, precipitant factors), patients can adopt behaviors to avoid injury during and after the seizure or may implement spontaneous cognitive and emotional strategies to try to control the seizure itself. From the patient's view point, potential means of enhancing seizure prediction and developing seizure control supports are seen as very important issues, especially when the epilepsy is drug-resistant. In this review, we first describe how some patients anticipate their seizures and whether this is effective in terms of seizure prediction. Secondly, we examine how these anticipatory elements might help patients to prevent or control their seizures and how the patient's neuropsychological profile, specifically parameters of perceived self-control (PSC) and locus of control (LOC), might impact these strategies and quality of life (QOL). Thirdly, we review the external supports that can help patients to better predict seizures. Finally, we look at nonpharmacological means of increasing perceived self-control and achieving potential reduction of seizure frequency (i.e., stress-based and arousal-based strategies). In the past few years, various approaches for detection and control of seizures have gained greater interest, but more research is needed to confirm a positive effect on seizure frequency as well as on QOL. ER  - 
Anxiety and Depression in Adolescents with Epilepsy$$$ The present study examined anxiety and depression in adolescents with epilepsy and the association of these disorders with seizure-related and sociodemographic variables. The Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale was administered to 140 children with epilepsy and 50 children with asthma aged 10 to 18 years attending mainstream schools. Adolescents with epilepsy had significantly higher scores on the depression subscale than those with asthma (5.2 ± 3.3 vs 4.2 ± 3.2, P =.032). Anxiety subscale scores and the frequency of anxiety and depression in both the epilepsy and asthma groups were not statistically significant. In the epilepsy group, 32.8% had anxiety and 22.1% had depression. Factors associated with anxiety were older age at the time of the study and polytherapy (2 or more antiepileptic drugs). Adolescents who had been seizure-free for 12 months or more at time of the study were less likely to experience anxiety. Factors associated with depression were medical comorbidities, female gender, frequent seizures, and younger age of seizure onset. A common risk factor for both anxiety and depression was the duration of epilepsy. Anxiety and depression were also highly associated with each other. Affective disorders are common in epilepsy and screening for psychiatric symptoms is required. ER  - 
Review of toxicity and trends in the use of tiagabine as reported to US poison centers from 2000 to 2012$$$ Background: Tiagabine is a novel antiepileptic that acts by increasing synaptic and extracellular gamma-aminobutyric acid concentrations. Information concerning overdose of tiagabine is limited. After introduction, an increasing number of off-label uses suggested that tiagabine use would increase. However in 2005 and 2008, warnings from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) were issued on the risk of seizures in non-epileptic and increased suicide ideation. We evaluated the temporal trends associated with these two warnings as well as clinical outcomes from tiagabine overdose. Method: A retrospective review of all single substance tiagabine exposures in National Poison Data System (NPDS) from 2000 to 2012. Results: A total of 2147 patients had ingested tiagabine, with a mean of 165 year-1. This was disproportionally distributed, with a steep rise leading up to 2004 (max 559 year-1) and then a significant decline (p < 0.05) between 2005 and 2006. The number of cases reported to NPDS mirrored the sales of tiagabine. Clinical effects were predominantly neurological, with the most commonly reported effects being drowsiness (27%), agitation (19%), confusion (12%), seizures (11%), and tachycardia (10%). In all, 758 patients (35%) showed a major or moderate medical outcome, with no deaths reported. A disproportionate share of the major outcomes was in the suicide attempt group (73%). The majority of patients (75%) were treated in a health-care facility (HCF). Conclusions: The HCF usage is likely due to high rate of symptomatic patients (59%) and the large proportion of suicide attempt cases. The frequency of tiagabine cases in NPDS mirrored pharmaceutical sales, with steep declines temporally related to the 2005 FDA warning. ER  - 
Number of patient-reported allergies helps distinguish epilepsy from psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are relatively common, accounting for 5-40% of visits to tertiary epilepsy centers. Inpatient video-electroencephalogram (vEEG) monitoring is the gold standard for diagnosis, but additional positive predictive tools are necessary given vEEG's relatively scarce availability. In this study, we investigated if the number of patient-reported allergies distinguishes between PNES and epilepsy. Excessive allergy-reporting, like PNES, may reflect somatization. Using electronic medical records, ICD-9 codes, and text-identification algorithms to search EEG reports, we identified 905 cases of confirmed PNES and 5187 controls with epilepsy but no PNES. Patients with PNES averaged more self-reported allergies than patients with epilepsy alone (1.93 vs. 1.00, p<0.001). Compared to those with no allergies, each additional allergy linearly increased the percentage of patients with PNES by 2.98% (R2=0.71) such that with ≥12 allergies, 12/28 patients (42.8%) had PNES compared to 349/3368 (11.6%) of the population with no allergies (odds ratio=6.49). This relationship remained unchanged with logistic regression analysis. We conclude that long allergy lists may help identify patients with PNES. We hypothesize that a tendency to inaccurately self-report allergies reflects a maladaptive externalization of psychologic distress and that a similar mechanism may be responsible for PNES in some patients with somatic symptom disorder. ER  - 
Use of ect in nepal: A one year study from the country’s largest psychiatric facility$$$ Introduction: Electro-Convulsive Therapy (ECT) refers to the electrical stimulation of the brain to produce seizures for therapeutic purpose. Since the development of ECT, it’s use has been consistent. Inspite of the common use, data pertaining to the use of ECT in Nepal is lacking. Aim: This study was undertaken with the aim of exploring the clinico-demographic profile of patients treated with ECT in the largest psychiatry facility in the country. Materials and Methods: It is a retrospective descriptive study of patients who were treated with ECT after admission in the inpatient psychiatry unit of Universal College of Medical Sciences Teaching Hospital, Bhairahawa, Nepal during a period of one year (August 2012 to July 2013). Results: Out of 1095 patients admitted during the specified period, 81 (7.39%) patients received ECT. About 44.44% of the patients belonged to 20-29 years age group. Female patients constituted more than half of the subjects (55.56%). Review of diagnostic profile showed that majority of patients receiving ECT were suffering from Schizophrenia (44.4%), followed by Bipolar Affective Disorder/Mania (29.6%), Depressive disorder (11.1%), Acute and Transient Psychotic Disorder (6.2%), Post-partum Psychosis (3.7%) and substance induced mood/psychotic disorders (3.7%). A significant majority of subjects (75.3%) received about 5-7 ECT treatments. The mean seizure duration after ECT treatment was 31.13±5.79 seconds. No any major complications were noted during ECT treatment. Conclusion: This study suggests that ECT, use, as a treatment modality is common in young adults and females with Schizophrenia being the most common indication. Direct ECT is safe when used judiciously. ER  - 
Medical and behavioral correlates of depression history in children and adolescents with Autism spectrum disorder$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Depression is commonly associated with Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) across the life span. We sought to identify medical and behavioral problems associated with a history of a parent-reported diagnosis of depression in a large sample of school-aged children and adolescents with ASD. METHODS: A sample of 1272 participants (aged 6-17 years; mean [SD]: 9.56 [2.79] years) from the Autism Speaks Autism Treatment Network consortium were divided into "everdepressed" (n = 89) and "nondepressed" (n = 1183) groups on the basis of caregiver endorsement of children's current or previous diagnoses of depression. RESULTS: In total, 7.0% of children with ASD (4.8% of those aged 6-12 years and 20.2% of those aged 13-17 years) were reported to have a history of a depression diagnosis. Positive depression history was associated with greater chronological age, higher IQ, and Asperger disorder diagnosis. After controlling for age, IQ, and within-spectrum categorical diagnosis, the ever-depressed group exhibited significantly greater rates of seizure disorders (odds ratio = 2.64) and gastrointestinal problems (odds ratio = 2.59) and trend-level differences in aggression, somatic complaints, and social impairments. The groups did not differ in Autism severity, repetitive behaviors, sleep problems, eating problems, self-injurious behavior, or current intervention use. CONCLUSIONS: Co-occurring depression is a particularly common problem in higher-functioning older children within the Autism Treatment Network. Our findings indicate that children with ASD and a history of a depression diagnosis are more likely to also have co-occurring medical problems, although the presence and direction of causality is unclear. ER  - 
The understanding of risk factors for eating disorders in male adolescents$$$ Objective: The study aimed to describe the medical, psychiatric, and cultural features of adolescent males with an eating disorder (ED). Materials and methods: This retrospective evaluation took place at Hacettepe University, İhsan Doğramaci Children's Hospital, Ankara, Turkey, and covered a 4-year period between 2010 and 2013. Sixty adolescents were diagnosed with an ED during this period, 47 (78.3%) were females and 13 were males (21.7%) male. All 13 male patients who met full criteria for an ED according to the DSM criteria were included. Medical and psychiatric records of male patients treated for an ED were re-evaluated. Results: The most striking finding of the study was that the female to male ratio became 3.6:1, with the increasing number of male adolescents with an ED. In our study, medical findings and complications of males with ED were similar to those seen in females. However, the most predominant gender difference was the co occurrence of a comorbid physical or mental illness. Conclusion: It is imperative to raise awareness of EDs in males. Although the medical findings of the study suggest that male and female adolescents with EDs are clinically similar to each other, the understanding of certain gender-specific risk factors shown in our study, such as a medical illness and/or obesity and co-morbid psychiatric diagnosis, are essential in raising suspicion. Further studies that especially evaluate cultural and social factors that affect parenting styles for boys are important in addessing possible risk factors for the development of EDs in males within different societies. ER  - 
Levetiracetam extended release for the treatment of patients with partial-onset seizures: A long-term, open-label follow-up study$$$ This was an open-label study (N01281 [NCT00419393]) assessing the long-term safety of extended-release levetiracetam (LEV XR) in patients with partial-onset seizures (POS); the study was a follow-up to a double-blind, randomized, historical controlled, multicenter, conversion to monotherapy study (N01280 [NCT00419094]). Eligible patients initially received LEV XR 2000 mg/day; dose adjustments and the addition of other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) were permitted. Overall, 190 patients were enrolled, 189 (99.5%) received LEV XR (safety and efficacy populations) and 166 patients (87.4%) completed the study. The study duration in completed patients was 5.5-24.6 months. Mean daily dose of LEV XR was 2131 mg/day. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) occurred in 126 patients (66.7%); most were of mild or moderate severity. Five patients (2.6%) had a TEAE that led to treatment discontinuation. Treatment-emergent serious adverse events occurred in 22 patients (11.6%). Twenty-six patients (13.8%) experienced a psychiatric TEAE. The median 7-day normalized POS frequency was: 1.38 at N01280 study baseline; 0.50 at the first visit of N01281 (last visit of N01280); and 0.00-0.36 between all subsequent visits. Overall, 171 patients (90.5%) entered the N01281 study on LEV XR monotherapy; 65.3% (32/49) of patients remained on monotherapy for 12 months and 47.1% (8/17) for 18 months. While remaining on LEV XR monotherapy, 27/139 patients (19.4%) were seizure-free at 6 months and 8/49 (16.3%) at 12 months. In conclusion, LEV XR was well tolerated when administered as long-term monotherapy or in combination with other AEDs in patients with inadequately controlled POS. ER  - 
Early development of comorbidity between symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and oppositional defiant disorder (ODD)$$$ This study indicates that there may be different reasons why symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) often co-occur. Results suggest that early symptoms of ADHD place children at risk for developing argumentative/defiant behaviors, and that ADHD and anger/irritability tend to co-occur because family histories of ADHD and ODD tend to co-occur. ER  - 
Factors related to social support in neurological and mental disorders$$$ Despite the huge body of research on social support, literature has been primarily focused on its beneficial role for both physical and mental health. It is still unclear why people with mental and neurological disorders experience low levels of social support. The main objective of this study was to explore what are the strongest factors related to social support and how do they interact with each other in neuropsychiatric disorders. The study used crosssectional data from 722 persons suffering from dementia, depression, epilepsy, migraine, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's disease, schizophrenia, stroke, and substance use disorders. Multiple linear regressions showed that disability was the strongest factor for social support. Extraversion and agreeableness were significant personality variables, but when the interaction terms between personality traits and disability were included, disability remained the only significant variable. Moreover, level of disability mediated the relationship between personality (extraversion and agreeableness) and level of social support. Moderation analysis revealed that people that had mental disorders experienced lower levels of support when being highly disabled compared to people with neurological disorders. Unlike previous literature, focused on increasing social support as the origin of improving disability, this study suggested that interventions improving day-to-day functioning or maladaptive personality styles might also have an effect on the way people perceive social support. Future longitudinal research, however, is warranted to explore causality. ER  - 
Centromedian-Parafascicular Complex Deep Brain Stimulation for Tourette Syndrome: A Retrospective Study$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the thalamic centromedian/parafascicular (CM-Pf) complex has been reported as a promising treatment for patients with severe, treatment-resistant Tourette syndrome (TS). In this study, safety and clinical outcomes of bilateral thalamic CM-Pf DBS were reviewed in a series of 12 consecutive patients with medically refractory TS, 11 of whom met the criteria of postsurgical follow-up at our institution for at least 2 months. Five patients were followed for a year or longer. Consistent with many patients with TS, all patients had psychiatric comorbidities. Tic severity and frequency were measured by using the Yale Global Tic Severity Scale (YGTSS) over time (average, 26 months) in 10 subjects. One patient was tested at 2-week follow-up only and thus was excluded from group YGTSS analysis. Final YGTSS scores differed significantly from the preoperative baseline score. The average (n=10) improvement relative to baseline in the total score was 54% (95% CI, 37-70); average improvement relative to baseline in the YGTSS Motor tic, Phonic tic, and Impairment subtests was 46% (95% CI, 34-64), 52% (95% CI, 34-72), and 59% (95% CI, 39-78), respectively. There were no intraoperative complications. After surgery, 1 subject underwent wound revision because of a scalp erosion and wound infection; the implanted DBS system was successfully salvaged with surgical revision and combined antibiotic therapy. Stimulation-induced adverse effects did not prevent the use of the DBS system, although 1 subject is undergoing a trial period with the stimulator off. This surgical series adds to the literature on CM-Pf DBS and supports its use as an effective and safe therapeutic option for severe refractory TS. ER  - 
Clozapine on aggression in pervasive developmental disorder-A case report and literature review$$$ EDUCATIONAL OBJECTIVE: To understand the role of clozapine as an effective alternative for aggressive behavior in individuals who failed first line therapy with conventional medications for pervasive development disorder (PDD). ABSTRACT: PDD is a complex early-onset disorder, which affects multiple developmental domains and severely limits the child's social interaction and/or communication skills. These individuals often engage in repetitive and stereotypical behaviors and/or mannerisms and showcase disruptive behavior. PDD encompasses Autism Spectrum Disorder, Rett's Disorder and Child Disintegrative Disorder. The role of atypical antipsychotics (risperidone, aripiprazole and olanzapine) in addressing disruptive and/or aggressive behaviors in patients diagnosed with PDD has been extensively published. However, due to its adverse effects such as agranulocytosis and seizures, clozapine has not been studied for its diagnostic roles outside schizophrenia treatment. On the contrary, clozapine appears to present with the least number of extra-pyramidal side effects and the World Health Organization list of essential medications considers it as one of the most important medications needed in the healthcare system. We report a case of a 17-year-old male with a past psychiatric history for PDD, Impulse Control Disorder and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder admitted to our hospital, whose impulsivity and aggression successfully improved on clozapine after he failed other above mentioned atypical antipsychotic trials. On literature review, a recent study exhibited the role of atypical antipsychotics such as risperidone and aripiprazole as an effective treatment for disruptive symptoms in patients with Autism Spectrum Disorder. However, there remains a subset of patients that appear refractory to treatment to these 2 drugs, where clozapine may serve as a therapeutic option for patients that appear to have failed other atypical antipsychotics. We explain the pharmacology of clozapine and its distinctive effect from other atypical antipsychotics (risperidone and olanzapine) on 5H2A/D2 receptors, resulting in its higher 5H2A/D2 occupancy ratio and relevance for autistic disorder. We also discuss off label use of clozapine in addressing aggressive behavior symptoms in a study involving adolescents with Bipolar disorder, Intermittent Explosive Disorder or Posttraumatic Stress Disorder especially when behavioral dysfunction prevails. DISCUSSION: PDD severely limits the way a child interacts with society. These behavioral issues such as disruptive behavior can alienate a child and he/she may be considered as being 'violent' and/or a 'menace'. As a reactionary response, the child may internalize these labels that may aggravate his/her aggression. As a psychiatrist, we must recognize the importance of these behavioral issues at an earlier age to effectively facilitate a child's transition to normal functional living within the context of his or her community. ER  - 
Outcomes after stroke in patients receiving adjuvant therapy with traditional Chinese medicine: A nationwide matched interventional cohort study$$$ Ethnopharmacological relevance The use of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) was high in stroke patients but limited information was available on whether TCM is effective on post-stroke outcomes. The aim of this study is to compare the outcomes of stroke patients with and without receiving adjuvant TCM therapy. Materials and methods Using Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database, we conducted a nationwide cohort study and selected hospitalized stroke patients receiving routine care with (n=1734) and without (n=1734) in-hospital adjuvant TCM therapy by propensity score matching procedures. The adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of poststroke complications and mortality associated with in-hospital adjuvant TCM therapy were calculated. The use of medical resource was also compared between stroke patients with and without adjuvant TCM therapy. Results Compared with hospitalized stroke patients receiving routine care alone, hospitalized stroke patients receiving routine care and adjuvant TCM therapy exhibited decreased risks of urinary tract infection (HR 0.82, 95% CI 0.68-1.00), pneumonia (HR 0.60, 95% CI 0.47-0.76), epilepsy (HR 0.67, 95% CI 0.49-0.96), gastrointestinal hemorrhage (HR 0.68, 95% CI 0.47-0.98), and mortality (HR 0.37, 95% CI 0.19-0.70) within 3 months after stroke admission. The corresponding 6-month HRs for urinary tract infection, pneumonia, gastrointestinal hemorrhage, and mortality were 0.83, 0.63, 0.64, and 0.40, respectively. Less use and expenditure of hospitalization were found in those received adjuvant TCM therapy. Conclusions Hospitalized stroke patients who received routine care and adjuvant TCM therapy exhibited reduced adverse outcomes after admission within a 6-month follow-up period. ER  - 
Observation of CNS events in real-world use of enzalutamide (ENZ) and bicalutamide (BIC)$$$ Background: TERRAIN, a randomized, double-blind, multi-center, phase II trial compared efficacy and safety of ENZ to BIC in men with mCRPC. Although ENZ and BIC fall within the same drug classification, rates of seizure and other central nervous system (CNS) events, observed in non-clinical trial populations have not been explored. The objective of this study was to compare rates of real world CNS events in patients treated with ENZ or BIC. Methods: Retrospective claims from Truven Health MarketScan database were used to identify patients with a PC diagnosis; .'≥.1 claim for ENZ or BIC (index date) after 9/1/2012; > 6 months of continuous eligibility prior to index date (baseline period) and no use of ENZ or BIC prior to index. Patients were followed until 12/2014 or loss to follow-up. Patients were excluded if they had a CNS condition or another cancer diagnosis during the baseline period. CNS conditions were defined as a diagnosis for amnesia or memory impairment, anxiety, ataxia, cognitive disorders, confusion, convulsions, disturbance in attention, dizziness, falls, fatigue/asthenia, hallucinations, headaches, insomnia, pain, paresthesia, seizures, weakness, or other CNS disorders. Kaplan-Meier (KM) survival curves were used to compare the KM rates of developing any CNS conditions between patients who initiated ENZ relative to patients who initiated BIC. A subgroup analysis of patients with metastatic disease was performed. Results: The table below compares the development of CNS conditions between ENZ and BIC patients. Conclusions: This study shows that rates of CNS events are significantly higher in patients initiating ENZ as compared to BIC, even when controlling for metastatic status. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Opium tincture versus methadone syrup in management of acute raw opium withdrawal: A randomized, double-blind, controlled trial$$$ The aim of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of opium tincture versus methadone syrup in the management of acute withdrawal syndrome in opium dependent patients during the detoxification period. In this double-blind randomized controlled study, a total of 74 adult male raw opium dependent patients were treated with opium tincture or methadone syrup 2 times daily for 5 consecutive days. Detoxification was initiated by tapered dose reductions to reach abstinence. At the end of the 10th day, the medications were discontinued. The Objective Opioid Withdrawal Scale was used to assess withdrawal symptoms every day. Significant decreases on the Objective Opioid Withdrawal Scale were found for both treatment methods during the study period (p < .0001). However, there was no significant difference between groups on the total Objective Opioid Withdrawal Scale, and adverse effects existed. Opium tincture can be considered as a potential substitute for methadone syrup for suppression of raw opium withdrawal symptoms, with minimal adverse effects. ER  - 
Randomized placebo-controlled trial of zonisamide in patients with Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: We previously showed that zonisamide significantly improved parkinsonian symptoms by a multicenter, double-blind clinical trial. Aim: To confirm the efficacy of zonisamide on Parkinson's disease, a phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter, double-blind trial was carried out in Japan. Methods: Participants had advanced Parkinson's disease taking L-dopa with at least one other antiparkinson drug, but were developing a deterioration of response to L-dopa therapy. The trial consisted of a 2-week initial phase (single-blind, with administration of placebo) and a 12-week treatment phase (double-blind, with patients randomly assigned to either placebo, or zonisamide 25 or 50 mg/day). Patients were evaluated using the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). Results: A total of 185 patients (mean age 64.8 years; mean duration 7.5 years) were included in the efficacy analysis (placebo, zonisamide 25 mg, 50 mg; 63, 61, 61 patients, respectively). When compared with the placebo group, the UPDRS Part III total score at final assessment (the primary end-point for efficacy) significantly improved (P = 0.029) in the zonisamide 25 mg group. After 12 weeks of therapy, the UPDRS Part III total score significantly improved in both the zonisamide 25 mg (P = 0.038) and 50 mg groups (P = 0.049), compared with the placebo group. Neither the zonisamide 25 mg nor 50 mg group differed significantly from the placebo group in the incidence of adverse events (P = 0.363 and P = 0.713, respectively). Conclusion: These findings confirmed that zonisamide is well tolerated and efficacious in the treatment of advanced Parkinson's disease. ER  - 
Extended follow-up of neurological, cognitive, behavioral and academic outcomes after severe abusive head trauma$$$ Studies about long-term outcome following abusive head trauma (AHT) are scarce. The aims of this study were to report long-term neurological, cognitive, behavioral and academic outcomes, ongoing treatments and/or rehabilitation, several years after AHT diagnosis, and factors associated with outcome. In this retrospective study, all patients admitted to a single rehabilitation unit following AHT between 1996 and 2005, with subsequent follow-up exceeding 3 years, were included. Medical files were reviewed and a medical interview was performed with parents on the phone when possible. The primary outcome measure was the Glasgow Outcome Scale (GOS). Forty-seven children (out of 66) met the inclusion criteria (mean age at injury 5.7 months; SD = 3.2). After a median length of follow-up of 8 years (range 3.7-12), only seven children (15%) had "good outcome" (normal life - GOS I) and 19 children (40%) presented with severe neurological impairment (GOS III and IV). Children sustained epilepsy (38%), motor deficits (45%), visual deficit (45%), sleep disorders (17%), language abnormalities (49%), attention deficits (79%) and behavioral disorders (53%). Most children (83%) had ongoing rehabilitation. Only 30% followed a normal curriculum, whereas 30% required special education services. Children with better overall outcome (GOS I and II) had significantly higher educated mothers than those with worse outcomes (GOS III and IV): graduation from high school 59% and 21% respectively (p= 0.006). This study highlights the high rate of severe sequelae and health care needs several years post-AHT, and emphasizes the need for extended follow-up of medical, cognitive and academic outcomes. ER  - 
Health Conditions and Functional Status in Adults with Autism: A Cross-Sectional Evaluation$$$ BACKGROUND: Children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) have many well-known health concerns, yet health conditions in adults with ASD remain poorly defined. OBJECTIVE: To examine health conditions and functional status in adults with ASD and identify factors associated with health and functional status across age cohorts. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: We collected cross-sectional data from 255 adult subjects aged 18 to 71 years with ASD using the Rochester Health Status Survey IV (RHSS-IV), a 58-item validated survey instrument. We used the National Health and Nutritional Examination Survey and National Health Interview Survey to provide comparative prevalence rates in the general population. RESULTS: Compared to the general population, young adults aged 18–29 with ASD had a substantially higher prevalence of seizure disorder (11.2 % vs. 1.4 %; p = 0.002), depression (16.4 % vs. 6.4 %; p = 0.007), hypertension (12.9 % vs. 6.3 %; p = 0.05), and allergies (39.7 % vs. 8.4 %; p < 0.001). In contrast, young adults with ASD had considerably lower rates of sexually transmitted illness (STI) (0.9 % vs. 4.3 %; p = 0.03), tobacco use (5.2 % vs. 31.9 %; p < 0.001), and alcohol misuse (0.9 % vs. 11.9 %; p < 0.001). Adults 40 and over with ASD also had higher rates of seizure disorder (29.2 % vs. 1.7 %; p < 0.001), lower tobacco use (2.8 % vs. 24.5 %; p < 0.001), and lower alcohol misuse (1.4 % vs. 18.2 %; p < 0.001) compared to the general population. Amongst the 55 % of participants with a documented IQ score, 91 % had an intellectual disability (IQ < 70). Within the cohort aged 40 years old and older, only 54.2 % were independent with eating, 43.0 % independent with dressing, and 43.1 % independent with bathing. Lower IQ and depression were associated with lower functional status. CONCLUSIONS: Adults with ASD have a high prevalence of seizure disorders and depression, but low rates of STIs, tobacco use, and alcohol misuse. Within our cohort, the majority of older adults with ASD required some assistance with activities of daily living. ER  - 
Comparison of low-dose intravenous cyclophosphamide with oral mycophenolate mofetil in the treatment of lupus nephritis$$$ No previous study has compared mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) with low-dose cyclophosphamide (CYC) in the treatment of lupus nephritis (LN). To do so, we recruited patients with LN (class III, IV, or V) and randomized them to receive either low-dose CYC or oral MMF. Those with crescentic LN, a serum creatinine over 265 μmol/l, and neurological or pulmonary lupus were excluded. MMF was prescribed at daily doses of 1.5-3 g for 24 weeks, while CYC was administered as six fortnightly infusions of 500 mg each. All patients received three methylprednisolone injections, followed by oral corticosteroids. Maintenance therapy with azathioprine and low-dose corticosteroid was started at end of induction therapy. The primary end point was treatment response at 24 weeks, while secondary end points were complete remission, Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index and adverse events. Of the 173 patients recruited, 100 were equally randomized to receive either CYC or MMF. Baseline characteristics were similar, except for higher 24 h proteinuria in the CYC group. At 24 weeks, 37 patients in each group achieved the primary end point. The complete remission rate was 50% in CYC and 54% in MMF group. Gastrointestinal symptoms were significantly more frequent in patients receiving MMF (52 vs. 4%). However, other adverse events were similar. Thus, low-dose intravenous CYC is comparable in safety and efficacy to oral MMF in the induction treatment of less severe LN. ER  - 
Sexual activity as a trigger for intracranial hemorrhage$$$ Background: Intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) has been reported in association with sexual activity. A case-series of patients with ICH following sexual activity is presented to further elucidate the role of the physiologic sexual response as a trigger of ICH. Method: A retrospective review of the medical record was performed, identifying patients presenting with ICH temporally related to sexual activity. Clinical and radiographic data were collected and reported. Results: Sixteen patients presented with non-traumatic ICH temporally related to sexual activity. Eight (50 %) patients presented with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage, four (25 %) with angiogram-negative subarachnoid hemorrhage, two (12.5 %) with a ruptured arteriovenous malformation, and two (12.5 %) with an intracerebral basal ganglia hemorrhage. Overall average age was 49.9 (range, 28–74) years. Sexual activity involved male–female intercourse in 14 (87.5 %) patients and masturbation in 2 (12.5 %) patients. Conclusions: Sexual-activity-related ICH is rare and includes various etiologies. The human sexual response in associated with dramatic increases in arterial blood pressure, which likely underlies the association. ER  - 
A standardized diagnostic approach and ongoing feedback improves outcome in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Introduction: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are episodic alterations in behavior presumed to reflect a physical manifestation of underlying psychological distress. Standardized treatment approaches for PNES care are lacking. We evaluated common approaches to PNES management that do not require significant commitment of time and resources. Methodology: Patients with PNES established with video-EEG monitoring were randomized to one of the following three groups: 1) PNES diagnosis delivered per the discretion of the attending physician with advice to seek mental health assistance in the community (. n=. 12), 2) scripted PNES diagnosis provided and inpatient psychiatry consult obtained (. n=. 10), and 3) weekly follow-up phone calls made in addition to scripted diagnosis and inpatient psychiatry consultation (. n=. 15). Reduction in event frequency measured at 8. weeks following hospital discharge represented the primary outcome variable. Secondary variables analyzed included exploration of change in self-reported mood, quality of life, and healthcare utilization. Results: No significant improvements were noted in patients simply given a PNES diagnosis and advised to seek outside care on any measure. In contrast, patients receiving a scripted diagnosis and psychiatric consultation demonstrated decreased PNES frequency accompanied by improved quality of life (QOL). Patients also receiving weekly phone calls not only demonstrated decreased PNES frequency and improvements in QOL but also exhibited improved mood. Discussion: These findings demonstrate that providing diagnostic information regarding PNES is insufficient by itself to meaningfully affect patient outcome. Structured feedback and psychiatric consultation appeared adequate to significantly reduce PNES frequency and improve aspects of quality of life, while the addition of a weekly phone contact also led to improved mood. ER  - 
How do doctors in training react to seizures?$$$ Background and aims: There are scant data on how doctors approach seizures in the acute setting. We sought to study (a) exposure to seizure disorders as well as relevant training and (b) reactions to seizures in the acute setting, among medical residents undergoing physician training. Methods: The exposure to and training on seizure disorders were assessed using a structured questionnaire first. Then, they were tested with 20 videos consisting of 10 epileptic seizures (ESs) and 10 psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs). After each video, we asked three questions to test (a) the diagnosis and the practice of administration of benzodiazepines to terminate the seizure, (b) the estimation of seizure duration, and (c) the practice of intubation. The accuracy of diagnosis was measured by the area under the summary receiver operating characteristics curve (AUC). The difference between true seizure duration and estimated duration was evaluated using paired-sample t-test. Results: A total of 48 trainees participated in the study. The majority witnessed seizures in movies (37, 77.1%) and television (35, 72.9%). Only 12 (25%) received bedside teaching on seizure disorders. Their diagnostic accuracy of seizures was very poor (AUC = 0.54). Participants significantly underestimated the duration of seizures. Thirty-five doctors made an illogical decision to intubate but not to terminate the seizure with intravenous benzodiazepine. Conclusions: The diagnostic accuracy of seizures is poor among trainees, and their estimates of seizure duration are unreliable. Our study highlights potential pitfalls in the acute management of seizures and the need for more training on seizure disorders. ER  - 
Interictal dysphoric disorder in patients with localization-related epilepsy: Diagnostic relationships with DSM-IV psychiatric disorders and the impact of psychosocial burden$$$ Background: Some patients with epilepsy develop intermittent and pleomorphic affective-somatoform symptoms, termed interictal dysphoric disorder (IDD). Other psychiatric disorders have been extensively investigated in patients with epilepsy, but there are few clinical studies investigating the comorbidity patterns of IDD and common psychiatric disorders (PDs). In particular, the impact of IDD on the psychosocial burden of patients remains unclear. Methods: The participants were 128 adult Japanese outpatients with localization-related epilepsy (LRE). In order to determine the comorbidity patterns for IDD and PDs, we conducted a comprehensive diagnostic investigation for IDD and DSM-IV psychiatric disorders. Based on these analyses, participants were divided into groups according to the comorbidity patterns for IDD and PDs in order to compare both suicide risk and quality of life (QOL). Results: The findings indicated that 19.5% of participants had IDD, and 55.5% had PDs. Younger age at epilepsy onset and refractory complex partial seizures were associated with IDD, but the duration and type of epilepsy were not. Patients with IDD were more likely to have comorbid PDs as follows: mood disorders (odds ratio, OR: 8.30; 95% confidence interval, CI: 3.15-21.83), anxiety disorders (OR: 8.81; 95% CI: 3.30-23.49), and psychotic disorders (OR: 7.72; 95% CI: 2.83-21.06). Group comparisons demonstrated that there were no patients with IDD but without PD. Furthermore, patients with IDD and with PDs had a significantly higher suicide risk and lower QOL compared to the other groups, even after adjusting for the influences of confounding factors. Conclusion: Interictal dysphoric disorder adds extreme psychosocial burden and is associated with multiple PDs in patients with LRE. The present study suggests that IDD has a specific prognostic significance. However, whether IDD is nosologically independent from conditions diagnosed using standardized psychiatric diagnostic systems such as DSM-IV must be further assessed by future research. ER  - 
Chronic diseases and life events accounted for 2–18 % population attributable risks for adult hearing loss: UK Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Survey, 2007$$$ Links between chronic diseases and hearing loss in adults have emerged. However, previous investigations were not complete, and the role of life events was unclear. Therefore, it was aimed to examine the relationships of common chronic diseases and life events and adult hearing loss in a country-wide and population-based study. Data were retrieved from UK Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Survey, 2007, being cross-sectional, including demographics, self-reported prior health conditions and hearing loss (ever and in the last 12 months), and several major life events. Analyses included Chi square test, t test, logistic regression model, and population attributable risk estimation. People who had prior health conditions including cancer, migraine, dementia, depression, cataracts, chronic bronchitis, allergy, bowel problem, bladder problem, arthritis, muscle problem or skin problem tended to report hearing loss than their counterparts. People who have experienced major life events including post-traumatic stress disorder, serious illness of close relatives, death of family, serious problems with friends, major financial crisis, valuables stolen, being bullied, violence at home, sexual abuse or running away from home were also more likely to experience ever hearing loss problem or that in the last 12 months. 2.0–13.1 % adult hearing loss could be delayed or prevented by managing chronic diseases while 4.1–18.1 % might be delayed or prevented by minimizing the negative effects of life events. Chronic diseases and life events were associated with hearing loss in adults. Better managing lifestyle to minimize detrimental impacts in future health and nursing programs would be suggested. ER  - 
Low oxytocin and melatonin levels and their possible role in the diagnosis and prognosis in Iraqi autistic children$$$ Objectives: To test the possible association between oxytocin and melatonin levels with the severity of social and cognitive dysfunctions, and to study the correlation between these parameters in children with autism. Methods: A case-control study was carried out in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, College of Medicine, Al-Nahrain University, Baghdad, Iraq. Te study was performed on 60 male autistic patients recruited from the Pediatric Department of Al-Sader General Hospital, Baghdad, Iraq between November 2014 and April 2015. Te levels of oxytocin and melatonin were measured in the serum of these autistic male patients, and categorized as mild, moderate, and severe (20 patients each), and was compared with 26 age- and gender-matched control subjects. Results: The data indicated that the levels of oxytocin (44.72 ± 36.1 μIU/mL) and melatonin in patients (23.08 ± 10.41 pg/mL) were significantly lower (p<0.05) than that of age-matched (102.1 ± 34.31 μIU/mL) and gender-matched controls (53.05 ± 38.38 pg/mL). These parameters were remarkably associated with the severity of the disease that was indicated by the significant decrease in the levels of oxytocin (47 ± 25.47 μIU/mL) and melatonin in moderate (20 ± 6.14 pg/mL), and patients with severe oxytocin (27.92 ± 10.23 μIU/mL) and patients with severe melatonin (21.69 ± 7.02 pg/ mL) when compared with mild autistic patients with oxytocin (59.22 ± 27.32 μIU/mL) and melatonin (27.55 ± 14.71 pg/mL). These 2 parameters showed a significant positive correlation with each other in moderate (r=0.513; p=0.021), and severe patients (r=0.598; p=0.005). Conclusion: Receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed that oxytocin can be considered as a good diagnostic marker in severe autistic patients while melatonin can be considered as a good diagnostic marker in all autistic subgroups. This study proves the possibility of using oxytocin and melatonin in the diagnosis, and as markers of autism severity. ER  - 
Occurrence and recurrence of attempted suicide among people with epilepsy$$$ IMPORTANCE People with epilepsy have a 5-fold increased risk of suicide. Less is known about attempted suicide and whether psychiatric disorders and antiepileptic drugs modify the risk of attempted suicide. OBJECTIVES To estimate the magnitude of the association between attempted suicide and epilepsy by comparing a first suicide attempt and a second suicide attempt (hereafter referred to as a recurrent suicide attempt) among people before they received a diagnosis of epilepsy (case patients) with a first suicide attempt and a recurrent suicide attempt among people without epilepsy (control patients), and to evaluate the effect of comorbid psychiatric disorders and the exclusion of antiepileptic drug prescriptions on this association. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Population-based retrospective cohort study in the United Kingdom of case patients with incident epilepsy and control patients without a history of epilepsy in a general practice setting using Clinical Practice Research Datalink. The case patients with incident epilepsy were identified between 1987 and 2013 and were 10 to 60 years of age. The control patients for each case patient were 4 randomly selected people who did not receive a diagnosis of epilepsy before the case patient's epilepsy was diagnosed (the index date), matched by year of birth, sex, and general practice for a control to case ratio of 4 to 1. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Hazard ratio for incident and recurrent suicide attempts among case patients with epilepsy compared with control patients without. RESULTS For 14 059 case patients (median age, 36 years [range, 10-60 years]) who later had an onset of epilepsy vs 56 184 control patients (median age, 36 years [range, 10-60 years]), the risk was increased 2.9-fold (95%CI, 2.5- to 3.4-fold) for a first suicide attempt during the time period before the case patients received a diagnosis of epilepsy. For 278 case patients (median age, 37 years [range, 10-61 years]) who later had an onset of epilepsy vs 434 control patients (median age, 35 years [range, 11-61 years]), the risk was increased 1.8-fold (95%CI, 1.3- to 2.5-fold) for a recurrent suicide attempt up to and including the day that epilepsy was diagnosed. Exclusion of antiepileptic drugs prescribed before the index date did not meaningfully alter the findings, nor did separate analyses of patients with and patients without diagnosed psychiatric disorders. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Suicide attempts and recurrent suicide attempts are associated with epilepsy even before epilepsy manifests, suggesting a common underlying biology. Our findings indicate that both incident and recurrent suicide attempts are associated with incident epilepsy in the absence of antiepileptic drugs and in the absence of diagnosed psychiatric disorders, further strengthening the evidence for a common underlying etiology with an as-yet-unknown mechanism. ER  - 
Health related quality of life in patients admitted for video-electroencephalography monitoring diagnosed with epilepsy or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Objective: To determine the health related quality of life (HRQOL) in patients with epilepsy or psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: This cross-sectional study was carried out between December 2010 and December 2014 in the Department of Neurology and Psychiatry, Faculty of Medicine, Baskent University, Adana, Turkey. Patients who were admitted for video-electroencephalography monitoring and diagnosed of epileptic seizures or PNES were asked to complete a questionnaire from the World Health Organization Quality of Life, and psychiatric comorbidities were diagnosed using the structured clinical interview for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Fourth Edition. Results: Patients with epilepsy and PNES were found to have similar HRQOL in physical, psychological, social, and environmental domains. However, the percentage of comorbid psychiatric disorders were higher in patients with PNES than patients with epilepsy. Conclusion: Patients with epilepsy and PNES have similar HRQOL, and PNES are resistant to the standard medical therapies used for the treatment of epileptic seizures. The direct lifetime cost of undiagnosed PNES may be of equal with intractable epilepsy. A better understanding of the impact of PNES manifestations and epilepsy would help to provide appropriate clinical, psychological and social care. ER  - 
Could adult European pharmacoresistant epilepsy patients be treated with higher doses of zonisamide?$$$ Objective: To examine the clinical effect (efficacy and tolerability) of high doses of zonisamide (ZNS) (>500 mg/d) in adult patients with pharmacoresistant epilepsy. Methods: Between 2006 and 2013, all epileptic outpatients treated with high doses of ZNS were selected. Safety and efficacy were assessed based on patient and caregiver reports. Serum levels of ZNS and other concomitant antiepileptic drugs were evaluated if available. Results: Nine patients (5 female): 8 focal/1 generalized pharmacoresistant epilepsy. Mean age: 34 years. Most frequent seizure type: complex partial seizures; other seizure types: generalized tonic-clonic, tonic, myoclonia. Zonisamide in polytherapy in all (100%), administered in tritherapy in 3 (33%) of 9 patients; mean dose: 633 (600-700) mg/d; efficacy (>50% seizure reduction) was observed in 5 (55%) of 9 patients. Five of 9 patients are still taking high doses of ZNS (more than 1 year). Adverse events were observed in 3 (37%) of 8 patients. Good tolerance to high doses of other antiepileptic drugs had been observed in 6 (66%) of 9 patients. Plasma levels of ZNS were only available in 2 patients; both were in the therapeutic range (34.95, 30.91) (10-40 mg/L). Conclusions: High doses of ZNS are effective and safe in pharmacoresistant epileptic patients. Therapeutic drug monitoring of ZNS may be considered at therapeutic failure. ER  - 
Endovascular treatment of dural arteriovenous fistulas : Single center experience$$$ Objective: Treatment of intracranial dural arteriovenous fistulas (dAVFs) remains a challenge. However, after introduction of Onyx, transarterial approach is the preferred treatment option in many centers. We report our experience of dAVFs embolization with special emphasis on transarterial approach. Methods: Seventeen embolization procedures were performed in 13 patients with dAVFs between Jan 2009 and Oct 2014. Clinical symptoms, location and type of fistulas, embolization methods, complications, radiological and clinical outcomes were evaluated using charts and PACS images. Results: All 13 patients had symptomatic lesions. The locations of fistulas were transverse-sigmoid sinus in 6, middle fossa dura in 4, cavernous sinus in 2, and superior sagittal sinus in 1 patient. Cognard types were as follows: I in 4, IIa in 2, IIa+IIb in 5, and IV in 2. Embolization procedures were performed ≥2 times in 3 patients. Nine patients were treated with transarterial Onyx embolization alone. One of these required direct surgical puncture of middle meningeal artery. Complete obliteration of fistulas was achieved in 11/13 (85%) patients. There were no complications except for 1 case of Onyx migration in cavernous dAVF. Modified Rankin scale score at post-operative 3 months were 0 in 11, and 3 in 2 patients. Conclusion: Transarterial Onyx embolization can be a first line therapeutic option in patients with dAVFs. However, transvenous approach should be tried first in cavernous sinus dAVF because of the risk of intracranial migration of liquid embolic materials. Furthermore, combined surgical endovascular approach can be considered as a useful option in inaccessible route. ER  - 
The importance of sleep problems in children with headache and other neurodevelopmental disorders in neuropaediatric services$$$ Introduction. Sleep disorders are common in children with neurological disorders. The aim of this study is to know the opinion of neuropediatricians and the prevalence of these disturbances in Spain. Patients and methods. Multicenter cross-sectional study (12 Spanish hospitals, 15 researchers). BEARS survey was collected in three groups: A (2-5 years), (6-12 years), and C (> 12 years). The opinion of neuropediatricians was also collected. Results. 939 questionnaires were filled. The main results in groups B and C were ADHD (32.4% and 30.1% respectively) and headache (25.1% and 27.6% respectively), whereas in group A neurodevelopmental disorders (32.4%) and epilepsy (21.4%) were the main diagnoses. Disturbances in at least one area of sleep were found in 92% of children in group A (n = 209, mean 3 years), 64.2% in group B (n = 534, mean 9.4 years) and 58.2% in group C (n = 196, mean 13.7 years). Sixty-one surveys were answered by neuropediatricians (16.75% of the total sent), estimating that less than a quarter of the patients (24.5%) suffered. Even, up to 23% of doctors claimed that the prevalence of sleep disorders was < 10%. Conclusions. 58-92% of parents-patients under follow up at a neuropediatrician office in Spain have some degree of disturbed sleep. Although most neurologists emphasize the importance of an early diagnosis and treatment of sleep disorders in children with neurological disorders, its frequency is often undesestimated (risk of underdiagnosis). ER  - 
Evaluation of district mental healthcare plans: The PRIME consortium methodology$$$ Background Few studies have evaluated the implementation and impact of real-world mental health programmes delivered at scale in low-resource settings. Aims To describe the cross-country research methods used to evaluate district-level mental healthcare plans (MHCPs) in Ethiopia, India, Nepal, South Africa and Uganda. Method Multidisciplinary methods conducted at community, health facility and district levels, embedded within a theory of change. Results The following designs are employed to evaluate the MHCPs: (a) repeat community-based cross-sectional surveys to measure change in population-level contact coverage; (b) repeat facility-based surveys to assess change in detection of disorders; (c) disorder-specific cohorts to assess the effect on patient outcomes; and (d) multilevel case studies to evaluate the process of implementation. Conclusions To evaluate whether and how a health-system-level intervention is effective, multidisciplinary research methods are required at different population levels. Although challenging, such methods may be replicated across diverse settings. ER  - 
The clinical phenotype of idiopathic rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder at presentation: A study in 203 consecutive patients$$$ Objective: To describe the clinical phenotype of idiopathic rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder (IRBD) at presentation in a sleep center. Methods: Clinical history review of 203 consecutive patients with IRBD identified between 1990 and 2014. IRBD was diagnosed by clinical history plus videopolysomnographic demonstration of REM sleep with increased electromyographic activity linked to abnormal behaviors. Results: Patients were 80% men with median age at IRBD diagnosis of 68 y (range, 50-85 y). In addition to the already known clinical picture of IRBD, other important features were apparent: 44% of the patients were not aware of their dream-enactment behaviors and 70% reported good sleep quality. In most of these cases bed partners were essential to convince patients to seek medical help. In 11% IRBD was elicited only after specific questioning when patients consulted for other reasons. Seven percent did not recall unpleasant dreams. Leaving the bed occurred occasionally in 24% of subjects in whom dementia with Lewy bodies often developed eventually. For the correct diagnosis of IRBD, video-polysomnography had to be repeated in 16% because of insufficient REM sleep or electromyographic artifacts from coexistent apneas. Some subjects with comorbid obstructive sleep apnea reported partial improvement of RBD symptoms following continuous positive airway pressure therapy. Lack of therapy with clonazepam resulted in an increased risk of sleep related injuries. Synucleinopathy was frequently diagnosed, even in patients with mild severity or uncommon IRBD presentations (e.g., patients who reported sleeping well, onset triggered by a life event, nocturnal ambulation) indicating that the development of a neurodegenerative disease is independent of the clinical presentation of IRBD. Conclusions: We report the largest IRBD cohort observed in a single center to date and highlight frequent features that were not reported or not sufficiently emphasized in previous publications. Physicians should be aware of the full clinical expression of IRBD, a sleep disturbance that represents a neurodegenerative disease. ER  - 
Finding the missing pieces: The microdeletion burden in GGE$$$ Genetic generalised epilepsy (GGE) is the most common form of genetic epilepsy, accounting for 20% of all epilepsies. Genomic copy number variations (CNVs) constitute important genetic risk factors of common GGE syndromes. In our present genome-wide burden analysis, large (≥ 400 kb) and rare (< 1%) autosomal microdeletions with high calling confidence (≥ 200 markers) were assessed by the Affymetrix SNP 6.0 array in European case-control cohorts of 1,366 GGE patients and 5,234 ancestry-matched controls. We aimed to: 1) assess the microdeletion burden in common GGE syndromes, 2) estimate the relative contribution of recurrent microdeletions at genomic rearrangement hotspots and non-recurrent microdeletions, and 3) identify potential candidate genes for GGE. We found a significant excess of microdeletions in 7.3% of GGE patients compared to 4.0% in controls (P = 1.8 x 10-7; OR = 1.9). Recurrent microdeletions at seven known genomic hotspots accounted for 36.9% of all microdeletions identified in the GGE cohort and showed a 7.5-fold increased burden (P = 2.6 x 10-17) relative to controls. Microdeletions affecting either a gene previously implicated in neurodevelopmental disorders (P = 8.0 x 10-18, OR = 4.6) or an evolutionarily conserved brain-expressed gene related to autism spectrum disorder (P = 1.3 x 10-12, OR = 4.1) were significantly enriched in the GGE patients. Microdeletions found only in GGE patients harboured a high proportion of genes previously associated with epilepsy and neuropsychiatric disorders (NRXN1, RBFOX1, PCDH7, KCNA2, EPM2A, RORB, PLCB1). Our results demonstrate that the significantly increased burden of large and rare microdeletions in GGE patients is largely confined to recurrent hotspot microdeletions and microdeletions affecting neurodevelopmental genes, suggesting a strong impact of fundamental neurodevelopmental processes in the pathogenesis of common GGE syndromes. ER  - 
Retention, dosing, tolerability and patient reported seizure outcome of Zonisamide as only add-on treatment under real-life conditions in adult patients with partial onset seizures: Results of the observational study ZOOM$$$ Purpose Zonisamide is licensed for adjunctive therapy for partial-onset seizures with or without secondary generalisation in patients 6 years and older and as monotherapy for the treatment of partial seizures in adult patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy, and shows a favourable pharmacokinetic profile with low interaction potential with other drugs. The aim of the present study was to gather real-life data on retention and modalities of zonisamide use when administered as only add-on treatment to a current AED monotherapy in adult patients with partial-onset seizures. Methods This multicenter observational study was performed in 4 European countries and comprised three visits: baseline, and after 3 and 6 months. Data on patients' retention, reported efficacy, tolerability and safety, and quality of life was collected. Of 100 included patients, 93 could be evaluated. Results After 6 months, the retention rate of zonisamide add-on therapy was 82.8%. At this time, a reduction of seizure frequency of at least 50% was observed in 79.7% of patients, with 43.6% reporting seizure freedom over the last 3 months of the study period. Adverse events were reported by 19.4% of patients, with fatigue, agitation, dizziness, and headache being most frequent. Approximately 25% of patients were older than 60 years, many of whom suffered from late-onset epilepsy. Compared to younger patients, these patients showed considerable differences with regard to their antiepileptic drug regimen at baseline, and slightly higher responder and retention rates at 6 months. Conclusions Despite limitations due to the non-interventional open-label design and the low sample size, the results show that zonisamide as only add-on therapy is well retained, indicating effectiveness in the majority of patients under real-life conditions. ER  - 
Clinical experience with adjunctive perampanel in adult patients with uncontrolled epilepsy: A UK and Ireland multicentre study$$$ Purpose To derive clinically useful information about the efficacy and tolerability of adjunctive treatment with perampanel for refractory epilepsy in an outpatient setting. Method We pooled retrospective casenotes data of adult patients with refractory epilepsy prescribed perampanel from 18 hospitals throughout UK and Ireland. Results Three hundred and ten patients were included (mean age 40.9 [SD = 12.0], 50% women, 27.7% with learning disability). The mean duration of epilepsy was 26.7 years (range 2-67 years, SD = 13.5) and 91.9% were taking two or more anti-epileptic drugs at the time of perampanel initiation. Mean retention was 6.9 months (range 1 day-22.3 months, SD = 4.5). The retention was 86% at 3 months, 71% at 6 months, 47.6% at 12 months and 27% at 18 months. At final follow-up a >50% reduction in seizure frequency was reached in 57.5% of tonic-clonic seizures, 57.4% of complex partial seizures and 43.8% of simple partial seizures. Eleven patients (3.5%) became seizure free. Two hundred and nine patients (67.4%) experienced adverse effects and of these 67% withdrew treatment due to their effects. The most common were sedation, behaviour/mood disturbance, dizziness, and unsteadiness. Conclusion Perampanel appears a safe and effective antiepileptic drug when used as adjunctive therapy in patients with uncontrolled partial epilepsy (including those with learning disability), although few patients achieved complete seizure control. Long-term retention was slightly lower than reported rates for other anti-epileptic drugs, potentially due to the highly refractory population. Monitoring for adverse effects on energy levels, mood and behaviour is recommended. ER  - 
Psychotropic agents poisoning: Analysis of cases reported to Shahid Beheshti Drug and Poison Information Center$$$ Background: Antidepressants, antipsychotics and benzodiazepines overdose events are the most reported poisoning each year from Shahid Beheshti Drug and Poison Information Center (DPIC) (a branch of Iran Drug and Poison Information Center in Tehran), which clearly shows the necessity of providing prevention program and instruction plan in taking psychotropic agents. Methods: This survey was a descriptive retrospective study by reviewing 390 reported phone calls from Shahid Beheshti Drug and Poison Information Center (DPIC), in Tehran, through 2010 to 2012. Results: 390 reported cases of psychotropic agents including overdoses, medical errors such as extra dose, accidental exposure of medications, especially in children, cases of suicide, and intentional use (were) recorded. The main causes of poisoning calls to the DPIC, were included intentional and suicidal actions (40%), accidental events (27%), drug abuse (26%) and, medical errors (7%), respectively. Up to 50% of calls were about benzodiazepines (BZD) poisoning and the most adverse effects were Central Nervous System (CNS) effects followed by gastrointestinal side effects. Conclusion: According to the results, in order to achieve the proper effect of psychotropic agents and preventing related poisoning, providing pharmaceutical services and awareness of patients are necessary. It should be about the therapeutic effects and side effects of their medications by pharmacists and poison centers and limiting the accessibility of patients to large amounts of these medications by regulatory organizations. ER  - 
Management of Sleep Disorders in Children with Neurodevelopmental Disorders: A Review$$$ Neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) are defined as a group of disorders caused by changes in early brain development, resulting in behavioral and cognitive alterations in sensory and motor systems, speech, and language. NDDs affect approximately 1-2% of the general population. Up to 80% of children with NDDs are reported to have disrupted sleep; subsequent deleterious effects on daytime behaviors, cognition, growth, and overall development of the child are commonly reported. Examples of NDDs discussed in this review include autism spectrum disorder, cerebral palsy, Rett syndrome, Angelman syndrome, Williams syndrome, and Smith-Magenis syndrome. The etiology of sleep disorders in children with NDDs is largely heterogeneous and disease specific. The diagnosis and management of sleep disorders in this population are complex, and little high-quality data exist to guide a consistent approach to therapy. Managing sleep disorders in children with NDDs is critical both for the child and for the family but is often frustrating due to the refractory nature of the problem. Sleep hygiene must be implemented as first-line therapy; if sleep hygiene alone fails, it should be combined with pharmacologic management. The available evidence for the use of common pharmacologic interventions, such as iron supplementation and melatonin, as well as less common interventions, such as melatonin receptor agonists, clonidine, gabapentin, hypnotics, trazodone, and atypical antipsychotics is reviewed. Further, parents and caregivers should be provided with appropriate education on the nature of the sleep disorders and the expectation for modest pharmacologic benefit, at best. Additional data from well-designed trials in children with NDDs are desperately needed to gain a better understanding of sleep pharmacotherapy including efficacy and safety implications. Until then, clinicians must rely on the limited available data, as well as clinical expertise, when managing sleep disorders in the population of children with NDDs. ER  - 
Factors differentiating Childhood-Onset and Adolescent-Onset schizophrenia: A claims database study$$$ Background: The greater severity and burden of illness in individuals with early onset schizophrenia (ie, before age 18 years) deserves further investigation, specifically regarding its prevalence in community-based treatment and its association with other psychiatric or medical conditions. Method: A retrospective cohort design was employed using the South Carolina Medicaid claims database covering outpatient and inpatient medical services from January 1, 1999, through December 31, 2013, to identify patients aged ≤ 17 years with a diagnosis of schizophrenia spectrum disorders (ICD-9-CM). Logistic regression was used to examine the factors differentiating childhood- versus adolescent-onset schizophrenia in a community-based system of care. Results: Early onset schizophrenia was diagnosed in 613 child and adolescent cases during the study epoch or 0.2% of this population-based cohort. The early onset cohort was primarily male (64%) and black (48%). The mean length of time followed in the Medicaid dataset was 12.6 years. Within the early onset cohort, 22.5% were diagnosed at age ≤ 12 years and 77.5% were diagnosed as adolescents. The childhood-onset subgroup was twice as likely to have speech, language, or educational disabilities and an attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder diagnosis but significantly less likely to have schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder, an organic brain disorder or mental retardation/intellectual disability, or a substance use disorder (adjusted OR = 2.01, 2.26, 0.38, 0.31, 0.47, and 0.32, respectively) compared to the adolescent-onset subgroup. Conclusion: Primary care providers should identify and maintain surveillance of cases of pediatric neurodevelopmental disorders, which appear to be highly comorbid and genetically related, and refer them early and promptly for specialized treatment. ER  - 
Anterior nucleus deep brain stimulation for refractory epilepsy: Insights into patterns of seizure control and efficacious target$$$ Background: Anterior nucleus (AN) deep brain stimulation (DBS) is a palliative treatment for medically refractory epilepsy. The long-term efficacy and the optimal target localization for AN DBS are not well understood. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the long-term efficacy of AN DBS and its predictors. METHODS: We performed a retrospective review of 16 patients who underwent AN DBS. We selected only patients with reliable seizure frequency data and at least a 1-year follow-up. We studied the duration of the seizure reduction after DBS insertion and before stimulation (the insertional effect) and its association with long-term outcome. We modeled the volume of activation using the active contacts, stimulation parameters, and postoperative imaging. The overlap of this volume was plotted in Montreal Neurological Institute 152 space in 7 patients with significant clinical efficacy. RESULTS: Nine patients reported a decrease in seizure frequency immediately after electrode insertion (insertional or microthalamotomy effect). The duration of insertional effect varied from 2 to 4 months. However, 1 patient had a long-term insertional effect of 36 months. Altogether, 11 patients reported ≥50% decrease in seizure frequency with long-term stimulation. The most common pattern of seizure control was immediate and sustained stimulation benefit (n = 8). In patients with long-term stimulation benefit, the efficacious target was localized in the anteroventral AN in close proximity to the mammillothalamic tract. CONCLUSION: AN DBS is efficacious in the control of seizure frequency in selected patients. An insertional effect is commonly observed (56%). The most efficacious site of stimulation appears to be the anteroventral AN. ER  - 
Neuromonitoring in neonatology-differential diagnostics of paroxysmal events in premature infants$$$ Introduction: Paroxysmal events in premature infants often remain unrecognized. Complete neuromonitoring provides differential diagnosis of paroxysmal conditions, timely treatment at the hospital, following-up premature infants for implementation of a system of early interdisciplinary intervention. To run a clinical and electroencephalographic diagnostics of paroxysmal epileptic and paroxysmal nonepileptic events (PNEs) in order to optimize treatment, neuromonitoring of premature infants risk groups of different gestational ages. Materials and methods: Prospective cohort clinical study included 78 infants of gestational age (GA) 24-36 wk. with paroxysmal events aged 6 days to 3 months at the intensive care unit. Conducted clinical and electroencephalographic differential analysis of paroxysmal epileptic events and PNEs using standard electroencephalography by the computer complex BRAINTEST, DX-systems. The duration of the study ranged from 40 minutes to 6 hours according to the clinical features of paroxysmal states. Premature newborns were divided into groups of GA: 24-27 wk, 28-31 wk, 32-33 wk., 34-36 wk. Conformity assessment of maturity bioelectrical activity of the brain was performed according to the classification patterns of electrical activity of the brain by Ellingson R. (A - to 30 wk, B -30-35 wk, C - 37 wk, D - 39 wk) Clinical cases and summary results: In the GA group of 24-27 wk. there were 23% of children, the GA group of 28-31 wk.- 57% of children, the GA group of 32-33 wk. - 10%, the GA group GA of 34-36 wk. - 10% Thanks to a timely conducted clinical and electroencephalographic monitoring group GA of 24-27 wk. paroxysmal epileptic events were detected to 55.5% of children, paroxysmal nonepileptic events - 44.4%; GA group of 28-31 wk. - paroxysmal epileptic events to 72.7%, PNEe - 18.2%; GA group of 32-33 wk. - paroxysmal epileptic events to 50%, PNEe - 50%; GA group of 34-36 wk. - paroxysmal epileptic events to 66,6%, PNEe - to 33,3% . The clinical and electroencephalographic analysis of the risk of brain bioelectrical activity developmental delay was revealed in GA groups of 24-27 wk., GA 28-31 wk., GA 32-33 wk. In GA groups of 24-27 wk. and GA groups of 28-31 wk. maximum frequency abnormal patterns in the form of EEG seizures (over 50%), transient epileptiform graphic elements of diffuse and focal discharges were found. The GA group of 32-33 wk. had a high frequency of EEG seizures (50%) and transient epileptiform graphic elements according to EEG data. In the GA group of 24-27 wk. and 28- 31 wk. the highest percentage of hemorrhagic lesions (intraventricular hemorrhage), periventricular leukomalacia and the combinated brain lesions were revealed. In the GA group of 32-33 wk. the highest incidence of hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy was found. Conclusion: The electroencephalography is necessary in electrophysiological methods of differential diagnostics of paroxysmal events in premature infants.The clinical and electroencephalographic analysis demonstrated a link between low GA and high risk of developmental delay of bioelectrical brain activity, confirming the need to monitor ontogenetic markers of brain bioelectrical activity. ER  - 
Correlates of health-related quality of life in children with drug resistant epilepsy$$$ Objective: Health-related quality of life (HRQL) is compromised in children with epilepsy. The current study aimed to identify correlates of HRQL in children with drug resistant epilepsy. Methods: Data came from 115 children enrolled in the Impact of Pediatric Epilepsy Surgery on Health-Related Quality of Life Study (PEPSQOL), a multicenter prospective cohort study. Individual, clinical, and family factors were evaluated. HRQL was measured using the Quality of Life in Childhood Epilepsy Questionnaire (QOLCE), a parent-rated epilepsy-specific instrument, with composite scores ranging from 0 to 100. A series of univariable linear regression analyses were conducted to identify significant associations with HRQL, followed by a multivariable regression analysis. Results: Children had a mean age of 11.85 ± 3.81 years and 65 (56.5%) were male. The mean composite QOLCE score was 60.18 ± 16.69. Child age, sex, age at seizure onset, duration of epilepsy, caregiver age, caregiver education, and income were not significantly associated with HRQL. Univariable regression analyses revealed that a higher number of anti-seizure medications (p = 0.020), lower IQ (p = 0.002), greater seizure frequency (p = 0.048), caregiver unemployment (p = 0.010), higher caregiver depressive and anxiety symptoms (p < 0.001 for both), poorer family adaptation, fewer family resources, and a greater number of family demands (p < 0.001 for all) were associated with lower HRQL. Multivariable regression analysis showed that lower child IQ (β = 0.20, p = 0.004), fewer family resources (β = 0.43, p = 0.012), and caregiver unemployment (β = 6.53, p = 0.018) were associated with diminished HRQL in children. Significance: The results emphasize the importance of child cognition and family variables in the HRQL of children with drug-resistant epilepsy. The findings speak to the importance of offering comprehensive care to children and their families to address the nonmedical features that impact on HRQL. ER  - 
Development and validation of the NDDI-E-Y: a screening tool for depressive symptoms in pediatric epilepsy$$$ Objectives: To validate the revised 12-item revised Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory-Epilepsy for Youth (NDDI-E-Y), a self-report screening tool for depressive symptoms tailored to youth ages 12–17 with epilepsy. Methods: Youth at two sites completed the NDDI-E-Y during a routine epilepsy visit. Youth at one site also completed the Children's Depression Inventory-2 (CDI-2). Seizure and demographic data were abstracted from the electronic medical record. Exploratory factor analyses were conducted. Internal consistency, area under the curve (AUC), and construct validity were assessed. Results: NDDI-E-Y questionnaires were analyzed for 143 youth. The coefficient for internal consistency for the NDDI-E-Y was 0.92. Factor analyses suggested a one-factor solution with all 12 items loading on the factor. The NDDI-E-Y was positively correlated with the CDI-2 (N = 99). Sensitivity and specificity of the NDDI-E-Y were high. Significance: Reliability and construct validity were established for the revised 12-item NDDI-E-Y. The NDDI-E-Y is a brief, free measure of depressive symptoms that can be administered during a routine epilepsy visit. ER  - 
Is it primary neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus? Performance of existing attribution models using physician judgment as the gold standard$$$ Objective Models for the attribution of neuropsychiatric manifestations to systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) that incorporate timing and type of manifestation, exclusion/confounding or favouring factors have been proposed. We tested their diagnostic performance against expert physician judgment. Methods SLE patients with neuropsychiatric manifestations were identified through retrospective chart review. Manifestations were classified according to physician judgment as attributed to SLE, not attributed or uncertain. Results were compared against the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics (SLICC) attribution models A and B, and one introduced by the Italian Study Group on NPSLE. Results 191 patients experienced a total 242 neuropsychiatric manifestations, 136 of which were attributed to SLE according to physician. Both SLICC models showed high specificity (96.2% and 79.2% for model A and B, respectively) but low sensitivity (22.8% and 34.6%, respectively) against physician judgment. Exclusion of cases of headache, anxiety disorders, mild mood and cognitive disorders and polyneuropathy without electrophysiologic confirmation led to modest increases in sensitivity (27.7% and 42.0% for SLICC models A and B, respectively) and reductions in specificity (94.8% and 65.5%, respectively). The Italian Group model showed good accuracy in NPSLE attribution with an area under the curve of the receiver operating characteristics analysis of 0.862; values ≥ 7 showed the best combination of sensitivity and specificity (82.4% and 82.9%, respectively). Conclusion Attribution models can be useful in NPSLE diagnosis in routine clinical practice and their performance is superior in major neuropsychiatric manifestations. The Italian Study Group model is accurate, with values ≥ 7 showing the best combination of sensitivity and specificity. ER  - 
Demography of neuropsychiatric patients presenting in tertiary care hospital, Karachi, Pakistan$$$ Objective: To ascertain the frequency and demographic characteristics of neuropsychiatric patients presenting at our tertiary care hospital. Methodology: This was a cross sectional prospective study was conducted over a period of one year from March 2014 to March 2015, in Dow University Hospital Karachi, Pakistan. We enrolled 1604 patients by convenience sampling presenting to the outpatient department, with neuropsychiatric symptoms. Age, gender, neurological/psychiatric diagnosis, area of residence (Urban/Rural) were recorded. SPSS v.20 was used for statistical analysis by application of Pearson Chi square and Fisher’s exact tests. Results: Mean age was 37.9±16.9 years. There were 689(43%) male and 915(57%) female (p=0.01); 824(52%) patients were residents of urban area, while rest of patients were from rural population (p=0.15). Clinical evaluation of patients revealed 112 different neuropsychiatric diseases, out of which most prevalent neurological diseases were lumbar radiculopathy (n=280), migraine (n=172), tension headache (n=154s), cervical radiculopathy (n-121), epilepsy (n=107), stroke (n=104), benign positional vertigo (n=56), multiple sclerosis (n=26), bell’s palsy (n=21), carpal tunnel syndrome (n=16), and T.B meningitis (n=11). The most prevalent psychiatric diseases were depression (n=85), anxiety (n=15) and schizophrenia (n=4). Conclusion: Neuropsychiatric diseases are more frequent in younger and middle age group and in females. Most common diseases include lumbar radiculopathy and depression in neurology and Psychiatry clinics, respectively. ER  - 
Clinical analysis of 9 cases of anti-NMDAR encephalitis$$$ Objective: To explore the pathogenesis and clinical features of anti- N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis. Methods: The clinical characteristics of 9 patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis in Department of Neurology, Army General Hospital of Chinese PLA from October 2013 to October 2015, were retrospectively analyzed. And by literatures review, the pathogenesis, clinical feature, diagnosis, treatments and prognosis of this disease were summarized. Results: The average age of the 9 patients (3 men and 6 women) was 39 years, 5 of them had precursor nonspecific infection. The initial symptom of neurologic system was mental-behavior disorder in all the 6 females, or epilepsy in all the 3 males. Mental-behavior disorder existed in all the 9 cases during the disease course, including 7 cases of epilepsy, 8 cases of consciousness disturbance, 5 cases of involuntary movement, and 3 cases of inadequate ventilation. The anti-NMDAR antibodies were positively detected from the cerebrospinal fluid and blood of all the 9 cases. After gamma globulin and hormone therapy, 8 cases were cured or better, and only 1 case invalid. A six months follow-up found that 8 cases were independent with eusemia and 1 case got disability. Conclusions: The clinical characteristics of anti-NMDAR encephalitis are mental-behavior disorder, or epilepsy upon the basis of a precursor infection, with positive anti-NMDAR antibodies detected from the cerebrospinal fluid and blood. Gamma globulin and hormone therapy may help the clinical recovery. ER  - 
Role of methylphenidate in the treatment of fatigue in advanced pancreatic cancer population$$$ Background Fatigue is a common but devastating symptom for advanced pancreatic cancer (APC) patients. To date, no proven treatment exists. Methylphenidate (MPH) showed inconsistent results in treating other cancer related fatigue. We performed a retrospective study to assess MPH in ameliorating fatigue in APC patients. Methods We retrospectively reviewed our clinic APC patients’ records who visited from 06/2011 - 11/2014. Fatigue was assessed by Visual Analog Fatigue Scale (VAFS) and classified as grade 1 (VAFS 1-3), grade 2 (VAFS 4-6) and grade 3 (VAFS 7-10) to correspond with CTCAE V4.0. MPH was dosed at 5 mg daily in the morning and was escalated to 10 mg after 2 weeks if needed. The primary endpoint was to assess the change of fatigue grade after 4 weeks of MPH. Secondary outcomes included MPH’s effect on depression, anorexia, maintenance chemotherapy intensity and adverse effects. Results A total of 71 APC patients on concomitant chemotherapy were included, of whom 67% received doublet, 13% triplet, and 20% single-agent chemotherapy. Mean baseline VAFS was 7, which dropped to 4 after 4 weeks of MPH, 55% patients’ fatigue score improved by 1 grade, 8% by 2 grades, 23% had fatigue resolved, 14% without benefit. 72% patients maintained chemotherapy intensity, 39% felt less depression and 52% had improved appetite. 13% stopped MPH due to side effects. Rare Grade 3 or 4 adverse events included insomnia, restlessness, palpitations and anorexia. Conclusions Our findings support low-dose MPH benefits APC patients with improved fatigue, depression and anorexia. A large randomized clinical trial is needed to confirm its usage and safety. ER  - 
Exploring sex differences in autism spectrum disorders using the charge study$$$ Purpose of Study Autism spectrum disorders are much more prevalent in males when compared to females. In 2010, the CDC estimated that males with autism outnumbered females with the disorder 4.5 times to 1. Many theories have emerged as to why this is, including the protective effect of the additional X chromosome in females, the potential deleterious effect of the Y chromosome in males, hormone mediated pathways that are influenced by the environment, among many others. A recent review article found that females with autism are more likely to have intellectual disability and seizure disorders. Males may exhibit more severe restricted/repetitive behaviors. Understanding the phenotypic differences between males and females may allow insight into the etiology of autism spectrum disorders. Once this is better understood, sex specific diagnostic and treatment pathways may be developed. Methods Used The Childhood Autism Risks from Genetics and the Environment (CHARGE) study is a population-based case-control study that is ongoing at the UC Davis MIND (Medical Investigations of Neurodevelopmental Disorders) Institute. Starting in 2003, participants with autism spectrum disorders and developmental delay were recruited to participate. Age and location matched typically developing controls are then selected at random. Children must be age 2-5 years, have been born in California, speak English or Spanish and live with at least one biological parent. The visit includes a comprehensive medical history, physical exam, epidemiologic information regarding in utero and early life exposures, blood draw, parental assessment of the child's behavior and adaptive skills, as well as developmental functioning and autism severity (if applicable). Males and females with autism from the CHARGE study will be compared to examine differences in development (Mullen Scales of Early Learning), behavior (Aberrant Behavior Checklist and Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales) and autism severity (Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule). I plan to correct for age, socioeconomic status, time in treatment and cognitive functioning (for ADOS severity score). Summary of Results Preliminary results will be presented at the 2016 meeting. Conclusions Preliminary results will be presented at the 2016 meeting. ER  - 
Profile of users of phenobarbital at the “Alcides Carneiro” university hospital$$$ This study characterized the profile of patients treated at the “Alcides Carneiro” University Hospital (HUAC), users of phenobarbital in order to support actions of therapeutic drug monitoring. Fifty patients were interviewed using a standardized questionnaire. It was observed that 50% of patients have been using the drug for a long time (7.68 years on average). About 74% of respondents were under monotherapy and 59.5% of these had their seizures controlled. The patients under monotherapy have more chance of success in controlling seizures (Odds Ratio = 4.400). The main anticonvulsant drug combination observed was phenobarbital with carbamazepine (66% of patients). Sedation and dizziness are among the main adverse effects, reported by 34% of patients. Monotherapy seems to be a protective factor only for adverse effect dizziness (OR=3.1). The analysis of these and other results presented in this paper may be useful in promoting rational use of anticonvulsants at the HUAC. ER  - 
The impact of PNES is about more than counting events$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) often have a debilitating effect on patients' lives. Patients, family members, and clinicians have yet to fully understand the mechanisms and treatment of this disorder. Although reviews exist about epileptic seizures, there have been no systematic reviews of studies focusing on the impact of PNES. This review considers research on factors associated with the health-related quality of life (HRQoL) of patients with PNES. Searches of Medline, PsycINFO, CINAHL, and Cochrane Library were conducted. Search terms identified studies that examined factors associated with HRQoL in PNES. Factors fell into three categories: (1) seizure and somatic factors, (2) psychological factors, and (3) coping strategies and family functioning. Fourteen articles were included. The majority of studies were cross-sectional and were of weak to moderate quality. Depressive symptoms were negatively associated with HRQoL. Other factors associated with poorer HRQoL included dissociation, somatic symptoms, escape-avoidance coping strategies, and family dysfunction. Variables such as seizure frequency and demographic factors were not significantly associated with HRQoL. Psychological and interpersonal factors, not seizure reduction, are important for the HRQoL of patients with PNES. The avoidance of emotions is proposed as a perpetuating factor in the difficulties associated with poorer HRQoL. A biopsychosocial approach has relevance for both the clinical and theoretical understanding of PNES. Larger scale research on psychological and relational factors is needed to inform therapeutic approaches to enhance HRQoL in patients with PNES. ER  - 
Bupropion "abuse" reported to us poison centers$$$ Objectives: Bupropion use to obtain nonmedical psychoactive effects has been reported. The objective was to determine the prevalence, characteristics, clinical effects, and outcomes of bupropion "abuse." Methods: A 14-year retrospective review was conducted of single substance bupropion cases with "intentional abuse" as the coded reason for exposure in individuals 13 and older reported to the National Poison Data System. Data were evaluated for prevalence, demographics, clinical effect, route, final management site, and coded outcome. Results: There were 975 bupropion abuse cases, which accounted for 3.3% of single substance bupropion cases reported to US poison centers. The prevalence of abuse increased by 75%, from 2000 to 2012, declining slightly in 2013. The majority of cases were 13 to 29 years old (67.4%). The most frequent clinical effects were tachycardia (57.0%), seizures (33.5%), agitation/irritable (20.2%), hallucinations/delusions (14.0%), and tremor (13.1%). Most exposures were ingestions (745) followed by insufflation (166), parenteral (17), and other/unknown (17); 30 cases involved 2 routes. Seizure frequency was not significantly different between routes (P=0.783) or exposure chronicity (P=0.264). Final management sites were predominantly emergency department (36.9%) and admission to critical care unit (27.3%) or noncritical care unit (20.1%). Outcomes were major (11.4%), moderate (48.2%), minor (24.5%), and no effect (15.5%). There were 4 deaths. Conclusions: Most bupropion abuse occurs in adolescents and young adults. Tachycardia and seizures are common indicating the potential for serious effects. Seizures occur regardless of route. Providers should be aware of risk of bupropion abuse. ER  - 
Role of Short Term Video Encephalography with Induction by Verbal Suggestion in Diagnosis of Suspected Paroxysmal Nonepileptic Seizure-Like Symptoms$$$ Purpose. To determine the diagnostic yield and utility of STVEEG with verbal suggestion in diagnosis of patients presenting with transient unresponsiveness and suspected psychogenic nonepileptiform seizures. Methods. A retrospective analysis of STVEEG records of patients with transient unresponsiveness and suspected PNES between 1 Jan 2009 and 28 Feb 2014 was done. Results. Amongst 155 patients [38 males, 117 females], with mean age 32 [8-67], PNES were identified in 109 [70.3%], focal epilepsy was identified in 24 [15.4%], and actual seizure was recorded in 7 [4.5%]. Nine [5.8%] patients were found to have both epilepsy and PNES. Primary generalized epilepsy was diagnosed in 2 [1.2%]. A diagnosis of other paroxysmal nonepileptiform events [tachyarrhythmia and heart block] was done in 3 [1.9%]. A normal EEG and no inducible episode and hence an uncertain diagnosis at the end of STVEEG were seen in only 17 [10.9%] patients. A STVEEG of approximately one hour duration was able to establish the diagnosis in 138 [89.1%] patients with transient unresponsiveness. Conclusion. STVEEG with verbal suggestion is a useful and cost effective diagnostic test for diagnosis of PNES. It can be a good modality for diagnosis in patients with transient abnormalities in sensorium in the outpatient settings in developing countries. ER  - 
A dedicated PEG service can improve mortality and clinical outcome$$$ Introduction The BSG guidelines1 recommend that every endoscopy unit in an acute hospital setting should provide a basic percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy (PEG) service, which is a part of the nutritional support team. The service should provide a framework for patient selection, pre-assessment and post-procedural care as well as working closely with the community-based services. Our trust recently appointed an accredited therapeutic endoscopist and gastroenterology nurse practitioner to run this service. Methods Retrospective analysis of all PEG insertions performed from Jan 2014 to Nov 2015 over a 23 month period. We looked at early-term (four weeks) and late term (eight weeks) mortality after PEG insertion. Results All patients were referred via a revised pathway proforma and examined by the team before the procedure to assess suitability. Further help and advice is offered to the community team upon discharge. 71 patients were referred for PEG insertion during the period of study. 29 (41%) were male, with a mean age 68 (range 29-87 years), 42 (59%) were female, with a mean age 69 (range 18-93 years). Indications for referrals included: 37 (52%) stroke related dysphagia, 15 (21%) head and neck cancers, 6 (8.5%) Huntington's disease, 4 (5.6%) traumatic head injury, 3 (4.2%) learning disability, 2 (2.8%) cerebral palsy, 2 (2.8%) multiple sclerosis, 1 (1.4%) supranuclear palsy, 1 (1.4%) mitochondrial myopathy, 1 (1.4%) syringomyelia, 1 (1.4%) parkinsonism, 1 (1.4%) Korsakoff 's psychosis, and 1 (1.4%) myoclonic epilepsy with ragged-red fibres (MERRF) syrdrome. Patients with a formal diagnosis of dementia were not selected to undergo PEG insertion during this period. No short-term complications were reported post-insertion. Early-term mortality was 12.7% and late-term rose to 22.5%. Previous departmental audit in 2014 revealed earlyterm mortality of 20% and late-term mortality of 28%. Conclusion Meta-analysis has reported a 19% 30 day mortality following PEG insertion.3 We have shown that in our centre, both early and lateterm mortality has improved due to careful patient selection and a dedicated PEG service. Adherence to the BSG guidelines on PEG service has had a direct impact on improving mortality and clinical outcome. ER  - 
On the road to epigenetic therapy$$$ In this issue of the Biomedical Journal, we examine how far the explosion of epigenetic studies in recent years has translated to benefits for patients in the clinic, and we highlight an original study suggesting that increased vegetable intake protects against osteoporotic fractures. We also hear several opinions on the use, or perhaps misuse, of Impact Factor and what the future should hold for this publication metric. ER  - 
Thunderclap headache: Epidemiology, etiology and prognosis in Douala$$$ Introduction Headache is a worldwide public health problem. Thunderclap headache is a rare type of headache. It has many etiologies among which the most common is subarachnoid hemorrhage. Thunderclap headache are few studied in Africa. The aim of our study was to describe the epidemiological and clinical characteristics, to determine etiologies, and prognosis of thunderclap headache at the Douala General hospital. Methodology We carried out a retrospective and longitudinal study in the neurology unit of the internal medicine service of the Douala General Hospital collecting data in a period of four years (from 1st January 2010 to 31st December 2013). We recruited cases of thunderclap headache during 3 months (from the 1st March to the 31st May 2014), using medical files, hospitalization registers and phone calls. Patients aged fifteen and above were included in the study, those with incomplete medical files and those with cranial injuries were excluded. Socio-demographic and clinical characteristics, etiologies and the outcome were collected. Data were analyzed using SPSS version 20.0 software. Chi square and T Student tests were used respectively to compare qualitative and quantitative variables. Kaplan Meier method was used to determine prognosis. Univariate and multivariate analysis were used to determine death predictive factors. A p value less than 0.05 was considered as significant. Results Sixty five patients were enrolled and 64.6% were women. The mean age was 46.1 years. The common past medical history was high blood pressure (47.7%), followed by alcoholism (16.9%) and migraine (15.4%). Thunderclap headache appeared spontaneously in 67.7%, during sexual intercourse in 9.2% and during cough in 7.7% of the cases. When comparing signs and symptoms of subarachnoid hemorrhage to other etiologies of thunderclap headache, nausea, neck stiffness and loss of consciousness were more suggestive of subarachnoid hemorrhage (p = 0.015, p = 0.000 and p = 0.017 respectively). Secondary etiologies were more frequent (70.8%). The main causes of thunderclap headache were subarachnoid hemorrhage (36.9%), follow by migraine crisis (15.4%) and intra-cerebral hemorrhage (12.3%). The mean duration of hospitalization was 8.9 ± 6.1 days and the mean delay of follow-up was 21.3 ± 13.4 months. Recurrences during follow-up were 3.8%. Global mortality was 18.6%, 81.8% of death arose at the first month, and the first cause of death was subarachnoid hemorrhage (11.9%). Delay of consultation between 24 and 168 hours, past medical history of thunderclap headache, seizures and neck stiffness were associated to death. Seizures appeared as the only predictive factor of death. Conclusion Thunderclap headache is more frequent in women. Subarachnoid hemorrhage was the leading etiology. Loss of consciousness, nausea and neck stiffness were mostly found in cases of subarachnoid hemorrhage. Mortality rate is high and due to subarachnoid hemorrhage. ER  - 
Activities and participation in children and adolescents after mild traumatic brain injury and the effectiveness of an early intervention: Design of the Brains Ahead! Study$$$ Objectives: After mild traumatic brain injury (MTBI), up to 20% of children and adolescents may experience unrecognized long-term consequences. These include cognitive problems, post-traumatic stress symptoms and reduced load-bearing capacity. The under-estimation and belated recognition of these long-term consequences may lead to chronic and disruptive problems, such as participation problems in school and in social relationships. This study aims to examine the level of activities and participation in children and adolescents up to 6 months after MTBI and possible predictors for outcome. Furthermore, the study aims to investigate the effectiveness of an early psychoeducational intervention compared to the usual care. Methods: The Brains Ahead! study is a nested randomized controlled trial (RCT) (n = 140) within a multi-centre longitudinal prospective cohort study (n = 500). The main inclusion criteria are children and adolescents aged 6-18 years with an MTBI within the last 2 weeks. An MTBI in this study is defined as a Glasgow Coma Scale score of 13-15 and one or more of the following: (1) confusion or disorientation, (2) loss of consciousness for 30 minutes or less, (3) post-traumatic amnesia for less than 24 hours and (4) other transient neurologic abnormalities such as focal signs, seizure and intracranial lesion not requiring surgery. Among the exclusion criteria are insufficient knowledge of Dutch language and previous objectified head trauma or previous neurological problems. Participants in the RCT are randomly assigned to either the psychoeducational intervention group or the usual care control group. The psychoeducational intervention consists of one face-to-face session with the interventionist, during which the consequences on MTBI and advice on coping with these consequences in order to prevent long-term problems are addressed, one telephonically follow-up session and optional-i.e. depending on the needs of the patient or caregiver-follow-up sessions by telephone. Information is provided both verbally and written. The interventionist is a professional experienced and educated in child rehabilitation. Measurements are performed at 2 weeks, 3 months and 6 months post-MTBI. The primary outcome measure is activities and participation in children and adolescents after MTBI, measured with the Child and Adolescent Scale of Participation-Dutch language version (CASP-DLV). Possible predictors of activities and participation are injury-related and non-injury-related factors, as well as pre-injury family functioning (FAD-GF) and behaviour (CBCL), degree of fatigue (PedsQL-fatigue), quality-of-life (PedsQL-QoL), sensory processing (SP/ AASP), post-concussive symptoms in the physical, cognitive, emotional and behavioural field (HBI), post-traumatic stress (IES) and participation on after-school activities (CAPE). Conclusions: The results of this study will provide insight into which children with MTBI are at risk for long-term participation problems and may benefit from a psychoeducational intervention. ER  - 
Mental health problems in children with uncomplicated epilepsy$$$ relation with parental anxiety; Mental health problems and parental anxiety in children with epilepsy were investigated. Parents of 83 children with epilepsy and 172 healthy children were asked to complete Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire for their children and State-Trait Anxiety Inventory for themselves. In those with epilepsy, 39.8% (n: 33) were girls, 60.2% (n: 50) were boys and their mean age was 9.34 ± 3.99 years. Control group was more successful in school (p<0.001). Emotional problems score in children with epilepsy was higher than control group (p<0.001). Case group’s behavior problems and attention deficit hyperactivity scores were higher (p<0.001, p=0.009 respectively). Prosocial behavior scores of the control group were significantly higher (p=0.004). State (p=0.001) and trait (p=0.001) anxiety levels of parents of children with epilepsy were higher. Children with epilepsy have more neuro-behavioral problems; and their parents have greater anxiety levels. Physicians should be in contact with children with epilepsy for the psychological health of the family besides seizure control. ER  - 
Survivors of self-inflicted gunshot head injuries managed at a single neurosurgical unit: A 12-year review$$$ Background and objective: Self-inflicted gunshot head injuries (SIGHIs) following suicidal intent (SI) have a high pre-hospital mortality; with survivors representing an exceptional entity. We investigated the prevalence, demographics, and characteristics of these injuries with regards to clinical presentation, computerised tomography (CT) findings, management, and outcomes at discharge. Methods This was a retrospective study of patients admitted to the Department of Neurosurgery at Inkosi Albert Luthuli Central Hospital during January 2003 to September 2014. Patients with craniocerebral gunshot injuries (CGIs) were identified and only those with a history of a SIGHI following SI were included in the study. Results A total of 499 cases of CGI were treated during this period; of which 31(6%) were SIGHI following SI. There were 28 (90%) males (M: F ratio = 9:1). The median age was 32 years, interquartile range (IQR) of 27 - 39 years, and median admission Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) was 11 (IQR = 8 - 14). The frontal region formed the predominant entry site [12; 39%]. CT brain scan revealed intracerebral haematomas in the majority of patients [29; 93%] and eighteen patients (58%) sustained transaxial injuries. All patients were managed surgically. The median hospital stay was 10 days (IQR = 3 - 19). The median discharge GCS was 13 (IQR = 7 - 14). Seven (23%) patients demised during their stay; having a post resuscitation GCS ≤ 8 (P = 0.018) and age ≥ 39 (P = 0.026). Conclusion This single-centre review highlights the devastating clinical impact of SIGHIs following SI. The post-resuscitation GCS remains an important prognosticating factor. ER  - 
Triheptanoin dramatically reduces paroxysmal motor disorder in GLUT1 deficient patients$$$ Objective: Based on our previous work with triheptanoin, which provides key substrates to the Krebs cycle in the brain, we wished to assess its therapeutic effect in patients with glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome (GLUT1-DS) who objected to or did not tolerate ketogenic diets. Methods: We performed an open-label pilot study with three phases of 2 months each (baseline, treatment and withdrawal) in eight GLUT1-DS patients (7-47 years old) with non-epileptic paroxysmal manifestations. We used a comprehensive patient diary to record motor and non-motor paroxysmal events. Functional 31P-NMR spectroscopy was performed to quantify phosphocreatine (PCr) and inorganic phosphate (Pi) within the occipital cortex during (activation) and after (recovery) a visual stimulus. Results: GLUT1-DS patients experienced a mean of 30.8 (±27.7) paroxysmal manifestations (52% motor events) at baseline that dropped to 2.8 (±2.9, 76% motor events) during the treatment phase (p=0.028). After withdrawal, paroxysmal manifestations recurred with a mean of 24.2 (±21.9, 52% motor events) (p=0.043). Furthermore, brain energy metabolism normalized with triheptanoin, i.e. increased Pi/PCr ratio during brain activation compared to the recovery phase (p=0.021), and deteriorated when triheptanoin was withdrawn. Conclusions: Treatment with triheptanoin resulted in a 90% clinical improvement and normalized brain bioenergetics profile in GLUT1-DS patients. ER  - 
Night terror: Predisposing factors and comorbidity$$$ OBJECTIVE: Sleepwalking, night terrors, sleep talking, and sleep paralysis are some of the behavioural manifestations associated with the partial arousals from sleep known as parasomnias-a group of sleep disorders defined as undesirable physical events or experiences that occur during the initiation of sleep, during sleep or during arousal from sleep. Night terrors are characterized by a sudden arousal, accompanied by screaming and thrashing uncontrollably in bed. Night terrors tend to occur in the first half of the night. Although the clinical features and pathophysiology of night terrors are clearly defined, predisposing factors are largely unknown. The present retrospective chart review aimed to examine the early developmental factors and comorbid psychiatric disorders and organic diseases of children diagnosed with night terror. METHODS: Children and adolescents (aged between 2 and 18 years) with a documented night terror diagnosis according to DSM-IV were included from a tertiary referral center. The study period was between 2002 and 2015. Child and adolescent psychiatry patient files and hospital medical records were reviewed for all 64 children. Only the patients with full medical records and who have not total loss of sight and/or deafness were included and those with developmental abnormalities and ranged at orphanage were excluded. Sixty four patients met the inclusion criteria. Sociodemographic characteristics, delivery method, period of getting care in an incubator, breastfeeding time, age of language development, age of toilet training, primary caregiver at first two ages, comorbid psychiatric disorders, and organic diseases were entered into the study dataset. RESULTS: Sociodemographic characteristics of participants were presented in Table 1. Birth by cesarean section rate was found to be higher in the children who were diagnosed as night terror at preschool period when compared with those diagnosed at school age (p=0.001). Breastfeeding time was shorter for boys (p=0.023). 67.7% of boy participants' and 32.3% of girl participants' breastfeeding time is found as shorter than twelve mounts. There was no comorbid psychiatric disease in 48.4% of the participants. Most frequently comorbid psychiatric diagnoses were as follows: ADHD (21.9%), anxiety disorders (12.5%), enuresis nocturna (4.7%), and stammering (4.7%). There was no comorbid organic disease in 67.2% of participants. The most frequently comorbid organic diseases were asthma (6.2%), allergic diseases such as allergic dermatitis or allergic rhinitis (6.2%), epilepsy (4.7%) and adenoidectomy (4.7%), inguinal hernia (3.1%), and cardiovascular system anomalies (3.1%). CONCLUSIONS: This chart review aimed to examine the early predisposing factors and comorbid organic diseases and psychiatric disorders of night terrors. Our results should be interpreted cautiously in light of study limitations mainly the small sample size and retrospective design. Our significant findings on birth factors need to be confirmed with randomized controlled studies. In addition the relationship between breastfeeding time and gender need to be examined by randomized controlled trials. ER  - 
Comparison of serum level of sodium valproate between acute manic bipolar disorder, substance use disorder and substance induced psychosis$$$ OBJECTIVE: Sodium valproate (VPA) is used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and seizures, but is also used in migraine, bipolar disorder, and substance use disorder. We examined probable difference of valproate pharmacokinetics in acute manic bipolar patients in comparison with substance use disorder and substance induced psychosis. METHODS: A total of seventy-one patients in the groups of substance use disorder (n=13, mean age=25.9, mean duration of disease 6,46 year, VPA level±SD=59.23±17.4), and substance-induced psychosis (n=20, mean age=26.2, mean duration of disease=3.45, mean VPA level±SD=63.1±14.8) were evaluated separately in comparison with acute manic bipolar disorder (n=38, mean age=34.4, mean duration of disease=8.28, mean VPA level±SD=61.35±12.04) were included in the study. All patients were male, total body weight of 50-80 kg and 18-65 years old received constant 1000 mg/day dose of VPA for at least 5 days. Sociodemographic data was obtained. Serum levels of valproate were measured. RESULTS: No significant effects were found for serum level of sodium valproate between acute manic bipolar disorder, substance use disorder, and substance-induced psychosis by ANOVA. CONCLUSION: Patients were medicated with higher rates of antipsychotic medications; however, antipsychotic medications might have influenced the entire results. Mean age differs among groups of substance use disorder and bipolar disorder. Substance use may affect hepatic metabolism. Different pattern of results might have emerged though not assessed variables. Finally, a difference would have been observed if the study had been conducted in a larger sample of patients with similar age range. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations in pediatriconset systemic lupus erythematosus: Experience of a Spanish tertiary center$$$ Objective. To analyze the clinical and immunological features of patients with pediatric-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (pSLE) and neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations followed in a Spanish tertiary center. Design and Method. We performed a retrospective study of 49 patients with pSLE diagnosed between 1985 and 2005 in our center. The ACR NPSLE case definitions were used for classification. Demographic, clinical and immunological data were obtained through review of their medical charts. Results. Twenty-six patients (53%) developed NP manifestations. Mean age was 13.6 years and female: male ratio was 2.7:1. NP manifestations were present at the beginning of the disease in 7 cases (26.9%) and the mean time to develop them was 30.5 months. The most common presentations of NPSLE were seizures (50%), headache (26.9%), mood disorder/depression (26.9%), psychosis (19.2%), cerebrovascular disease (15.3%) and aseptic meningitis (15.3%). There was more than one NP manifestation in 15 cases (57.7%), with an average of 2.4 manifestations/patient. The comparison of patients with and without NPSLE demonstrated significant diffences (p<0.05) in the number of males, titers of antinuclear antibodies (ANA) and anti-DNA antibodies, positivity for anti-β2- glicoprotein I (β2GPI) and cryoglobulins, high erythrosedimentation rate (ESR) and low complement (C3, C4) (Table I). There were 2 cases of mortality in NP SLE (7.7%) during follow-up period, one as a result of infection of the central nervous system and another due to sepsis associated with intestinal thrombosis. Conclusions. In our series >50% of patients had NPSLE manifestations and frequently occured early during the course of the disease. The clinical spectrum of NPSLE was wide in our cases and most of them had more than one manifestation. Patients with NPSLE showed a higher disease activity as measured by levels of autoantibodies, increased acute-phase reactants and low complement. Although NPSLE has been associated with antiphospholipid antibodies in other series, specifically anticardiolipin antibodies and lupus anticoagulant, we only found significant association with anti-β2GPI antibodies. Mortality in patients with NPSLE was high. ER  - 
Diagnostic challenge of different neuropsychiatric lupus manifestations: Performance of an attribution algorithm in this wide spectrum disorder$$$ Objective. A recently developed algorithm, based on a numerical score (range 0-10), to determine the attribution of neuropsychiatric (NP) events to SLE or other causes has been preliminary validated. Aim. To test the performance of the attribution algorithm for different NP manifestations in a multicenter international cohort of SLE patients, all of whom had one or more NP events, as per the 1999 ACR case definitions. Design and Method. A large retrospective multicentre international cohort was recruited from eleven academic rheumatology centres in 5 countries. Patients from each centre satisfied ACR classification criteria for SLE and had one or more NP event(s). A dedicated electronic chart was created, to record a core set of items for classification. Four factors were considered for each NP event (i) the time of onset of the NP event; (ii) the presence of concurrent or confounding non- SLE factors (i.e. “associations” suggested in the glossary for the 1999 ACR case definitions); (iii) the type of NP event (major/rare vs minor/frequent) according to Ainiala et al.; (iv) the presence of “favouring factors” (i.e. supporting attribution). The performance of the attribution score of the first NP event was compared to that determined by clinical judgement, assumed as the “gold standard”. Receiver Operating Curve (ROC) analysis was used to determine the area under the curve (AUC) using dichotomous outcomes (related vs uncertain/not related to SLE). Accuracy of the algorithm was evaluated according to the following scale: .91-1 = excellent, .81-.90 = good, .71-.80 = fair, .61-.70 = poor, < .61 = fail. Results. A total of 668 patients (52 M, 616 F); mean (SD) age at first NP event 38.3 years (13.6) were included. The performance of the attribution algorithm was analysed only for those NP events for which a sample of at least 10 cases was available (12 of the 19 case definitions) and the results are summarized in Table I. Conclusions. In this large and well characterized multicentre international cohort of SLE patients with NP involvement the accuracy of the attribution algorithm was variable with a good/excellent performance for psychosis and seizure disorders. Future studies are needed to enhance performance for other NP events. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Abstracts from the ASENT 18th Annual Meeting$$$ The proceedings contain 21 papers. The topics discussed include: genetic switch of E1A for oncolytic adenoviral transformation in carrier mesenchymal stem in response to hypoxia; can neurostimulation replace narcotics?; the discovery and development of EMB-001 for the treatment of substance use disorders; biopolymer device to stop bleeding during brain surgery; clinical development of ganaxolone as an intravenous formulation; NP10679: a pH-sensitive GluN2B inhibitor to improve outcomes postsubarachnoid hemorrhage by preventing ischemic neuronal damage; nalbuphine efficacy for l-dopa-induced dyskinesia in Parkinson disease; dendrimer delivery of n-acetylcysteine provides delayed neuroprotection for perinatal brain injury; synthetic transient receptor potential ion channel activators demonstrate efficacy in preventing human muscle cramping: potential new drug treatment for muscle cramps and spasticity; developing clinical-grade cell therapy for spinal cord regeneration; the anticonvulsant and neuroprotective efficacy of GluK1 receptor antagonists: a novel therapeutic against nerve agent-induced seizures and brain damage; protection of scutellarin against oxygen glucose deprivation/reperfusion-induced astrocytes injury by inhibiting nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase in vitro; effects of induced depression on the animal model of multiple sclerosis: an overlooked disability; and multicenter randomized controlled pivotal trial comparing 10 khz and traditional spinal cord stimulation: 24-month results. ER  - 
Clinical and histopathological profile of lupus nephritis and response to treatment with cyclophosphamide- a single centre study$$$ Background: Lupus nephritis is an immnune complex glomerulonephritis that is a common and serious feature of systemic lupus erythematosus. Lupus nephritis is usually manifested by proteinuria; active urinary sediment; hypertension and renal failure. AIM OF THE STUDY: The aim is to study the clinical and histopathological profile of lupus nephritis and the response to treatment with cyclophosphamide. METHODS: This was a retrospective study conducted in a tertiary care centre in Assam; India where 176 lupus nephritis patients who underwent renal biopsy were included. The presenting features; laboratory parameters and the histopathological class of the patients were studied. 102 patients received i.v cyclophosphamide as initial treatment of which 40 received the Eurolupus regimen and 62 received the NIH regimen. The number of patients who underwent remission in both the regimen were compared. RESULTS: Among the 176 patients; 89.8% were female and 10.2% were male and maximum patients (61.3%) were in the age group 20- 40 years. Pedal edema was present in 100% of the patients; decreased urine output in 60.8 %; hair loss in 63%; joint pain in 42%; hypertension in 41.4%; malar rash in 38%; oral ulcer in 31.8%; seizure in 17% and psychosis in 13% of patients. Proteinuria was present in 100% of the patients; microscopic hematuria in 78.4%; anaemia in 72.1%; thrombocytopenia in 51.1% and leucopenia in 31.7% of patients. ANA was positive in all patients and anti dsDNA was positive in 70.5% of the patients. The most common histopathological type was class IV (50%); followed by class III (17.6%). The respose rate of initial treatment with cyclophosphamide in the Eurolupus group was 62.5% and in the NIH group was 64.5% (p>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Systemic lupus erythematosus is an important cause of morbidity in this part of the country; which commonly involves the kidneys. Majority of the patients had proliferative lupus nephritis in this study. Patients with lupus nephritis should be evaluated and treated for better outcome of the patients. ER  - 
The effect of comorbidities on overall mortality in Stevens-Johnson syndrome: An analysis of the nationwide inpatient sample$$$ Background: Stevens Johnson Syndrome (SJS) is a life-threatening skin condition with an overall mortality rate of 5%. Although the causes and pathology of the disease have been well studied, the factors that significantly contribute to mortality remain unclear. Objective: To determine relevant risk factors that increase the likelihood of inpatient mortality after diagnosis of SJS. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of the 2010-2011 Healthcare Costs and Utilization Project (HCUP) Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) database was conducted. This study included 1,811 patients who encountered inpatient hospital stays with a discharge diagnosis of SJS. Results: The primary outcome of our study was inhospital mortality. We analyzed the prevalence and associated inpatient mortality of underlying critical illness in patients with SJS. Three age ranges of patients in this study showed significantly increased rates of inpatient mortality by odds-ratio with a 95% CI: 70-79 years (10.91% mortality, OR=4.57, p=0.001), 80-89 years (10.67% mortality, OR=4.48, p=0.001), and 90+ years (9.30% mortality, OR=4.22, p=0.028). Two comorbid conditions showed significant association with increased inpatient mortality in SJS by odds-ratio with a 95% CI: cirrhosis (14.58% mortality, OR=2.79, p=0.028) and metastatic disease (10.62% mortality, OR=1.87, p=0.031). Interpretation: Age (70+ years), cirrhosis, and metastatic disease were identified as significantly associated with inpatient mortality after diagnosis with SJS. These findings enhance current understanding of the pathology of this disease, as well as help improve clinical management of high-risk patients to reduce inpatient mortality. ER  - 
Psychosocial difficulties from the perspective of persons with neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ PURPOSE: The objective of this study is to determine whether persons with neuropsychiatric disorders experience a common set of psychosocial difficulties using qualitative data from focus groups and individual interviews. METHOD: The study was performed in five European countries (Finland, Italy, Germany, Poland and Spain) using the focus groups and individual interviews with persons with nine neuropsychiatric disorders (dementia, depression, epilepsy, migraine, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's disease, schizophrenia, stroke and substance dependence). Digitally recorded sessions were analysed using a step-by-step qualitative and quantitative methodology resulting in the compilation of a common set of psychosocial difficulties using the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF) as a framework. RESULTS: Sixty-seven persons participated in the study. Most persons with neuropsychiatric disorders experience difficulties in emotional functions, sleeping, carrying out daily routine, working and interpersonal relationships in common. Sixteen out of 33 psychosocial difficulties made up the common set. This set includes mental functions, pain and issues addressing activities and participation and provides first evidence for the hypothesis of horizontal epidemiology of psychosocial difficulties in neuropsychiatric disorders. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides information about psychosocial difficulties that should be covered in the treatment and rehabilitation of persons with neuropsychiatric disorders regardless of clinical diagnoses. IMPLICATIONS FOR REHABILITATION: Emotional problems, work and sleep problems should be addressed in all the treatments of neuropsychiatric disorders regardless of their specific diagnosis, etiology and severity. Personality issues should be targeted in the treatment for neurological disorders, whereas communication skill training may also be useful for mental disorders. The effects of medication and social environment on patient's daily life should be considered in all the neuropsychiatric conditions. ER  - 
Maternal and fetal outcomes after lamotrigine use in pregnancy: A retrospective analysis from an urban maternal mental health centre in New Zealand$$$ Introduction: Pregnancy is a vulnerable period for recurrence of bipolar disorder. Discontinuation of mood stabilisers during pregnancy and the postpartum period can significantly increase the risk of recurrence of bipolar disorder. Lamotrigine is an anti-epileptic drug that has been approved for the maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder. Epilepsy literature has indicated that lamotrigine has a reassuring safety profile in pregnancy but there is little information on its effectiveness and safety in pregnant women with mental disorders. Method: We conducted a retrospective review of all pregnant women who presented to an urban maternal mental health centre in Auckland, New Zealand between 2012 and 2014 and were treated with antipsychotics and/or mood stabilisers. Pregnancy outcome, obstetric and perinatal complications, congenital malformations and maternal mental health in the postnatal period were considered. Results: Here, we present the outcomes in the subset of six women who were treated with lamotrigine 100–400 mg/day for the entire pregnancy. Five were diagnosed with bipolar disorder and one with major depression. Three women received additional psychotropic medication during pregnancy. No women needed psychiatric hospitalisation. All babies were live birth after 36 weeks gestation. Two babies had low birth weight and required NICU admissions. Two women required lower segment caesarean section and the other 4 were induced. A trachea-esophageal fistula was noted in one baby. Four babies who were breastfed while their mothers received uninterrupted treatment with lamotrigine, experienced no complications. Discussion: This naturalistic study indicates that lamotrigine can be an effective treatment option for maintenance of bipolar illness in women of childbearing age. ER  - 
Efficacy of mirtazepine vs escitalopram: An observational prospective study$$$ Introduction: The notion that onset of action of antidepressants takes several weeks is widely quoted in clinical guidelines (Anderson et al, 2000; National Institute for Clinical Excellence, 2004). It is also a notion that has been thoroughly translated into clinical practice, where clinicians regularly tell patients that the antidepressant is likely to take 2 to 4 weeks to start to work (Garfeld et al, 2004). Data support the possibility that Mirtazepine may have a more rapid onset than SSRIs (Quitkin FM, 2001). Orally disintegrating tablet of Mirtazepine has a faster onset of therapeutic effect than Sertraline (Bhenke et al 2003). I This study intended to study the onset of therapeutic effect in relation to time in Mirtazepine and Escitalopram Aim: To study the onset of antidepressant effect and efficacy of Mirtazepine vs Escitalopram. Objective: To study demographic profile of patients. To study clinical profile of patients. To study the onset of antidepressant effect of prescribed medication. To study the response rate of antidepressant effect of prescribed medication. 5. To study the side effect profile of prescribed medication. Methodology: Study design: An observational naturalistic prospective study Study site: Department of psychiatry out patients (OPD) Study duration: 6weak Study sample Inclusion criteria Patients had to be 18 years or older, Suffer from International classifcation of disease-10 (ICD-10) major depressive episode Patients had to declare that they understood the goal of the study and gave their informed written consent. Exclusion criteria. Nonstabilized somatic disease (seizures, renal, or hepatic insuffciency), History of blood dyscrasias. Known case of diabetes mellitus Known allergic reaction to Mirtazepine, Escitalopram. Current suicidal risk (according to the physician's judgment). Pregnancy, breastfeeding, no contraception in women of reproductive age. Current depressive episode of more than 1 year's duration or nonresponsive to 2 antidepressant treatments, 8. Antidepressant use including monoamine oxidase inhibitor treatment during the previous 2 weeks. Tools: International classifcation of disease-10 (ICD-10) Hamilton depression rating scale for depression (HAM-D 17) MADRS Procedure: After Discussion with mentor study was conceptualized and study protocol was made and approved by institutional scientifc committee. Patient who were attending psychiatry OPD and diagnosed major depressive disorder (as per ICD-10) Detailed history regarding socio demography, illness and medication taken. Data was collected in the semi-structured profarma and HAM-D & MADRS scale applies to asses baseline severity of depression. Patient receives antidepressant either Mirtazepine 15mg or Escitalopram 10mg at single dose as per advice of consulting psychiatrist. Patient review every week up to 6week and apply HAM-D, MADRS scale for severity of depression and asses for side effects. If patient getting serious side effect or not tolerated medication or clinical condition get worse during follow up subjected is treated as individually by treating psychiatrist and excluded from study. Result &Discussion: Appropriate statistical analysis was used for analysis the data using SPSS v16 and Results will be discussed at the time of free paper presentation. ER  - 
To study the prevalence of adult ADHD and its signifcance in substance abuse patients$$$ Introduction: Attention-defcit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common childhood disorder, with an estimated worldwide incidence of 8%-12%, yet it is now known that ADHD often persists into adulthood. Studies have reported an association between a Specific genotype found in individuals with ADHD and the dopamine transporter. Other candidate genes that may be associated with ADHD have been identifed in the norepinephrine and serotonin systems. A familial pattern has been documented by case control studies indicating that children of adults with ADHD are themselves at increased risk for developing the disorder. Types Of Adult ADHD: According To the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders, 4th edition, text revision (DSM-IV-TR), symptoms of ADHD begin in childhood (onset by age 7) and continue into adulthood. Three ADHD subtypes are recognized in the DSM-IV-TR: inattentive, hyperactive/impulsive, and combined type. ADHD not otherwise specifed is reserved for patients whose symptoms were not noted until or after age 7. To make a diagnosis of the predominantly inattentive subtype, atleast 6 of 9 symptoms of in attention must be present; to make a diagnosis of the predominantly hyperactive-impulsive subtype, 6 of 9 hyperactive impulsive symptoms must be present; for the combined subtype of ADHD to be diagnosed, criteria for both the preceding subtypes must be met. Aims And Objectives: Primary Objectives To estimate the prevalence of Adult ADHD among Substance abuse patients. To compare the prevalence of Adult ADHD among Substance abuse cases and non-substance abuse controls. Secondary Objectives: To compare the socio-demographic profile of patients with and without Adult ADHD among patients with substance abuse. To compare the co-morbid psychiatric illness in patients with and without Adult ADHD among patients with substance abuse. To compare the patterns of substance use and relapse in 6 months in patients with and without Adult ADHD among patients with substance abuse. Null Hypothesis Prevalence of ADHD symptoms do not differ with presence of the substance abuse. No signifcant difference in sociodemographic profile, clinical profile and comorbid psychiatric problems exists between presence and absence of ADHD in patients with Substance abuse Materials And Methods: Study design: This was a prospective observational study. Study Venue: The study was conducted at Prerna De-addiction and Rehabilitation Centre at Tek Chand Sidana Memorial Psychiatric Hospital and De-addiction Centre, Sri Ganganagar, Rajasthan. Study duration: The study was conducted between June-2012 to June-2013. ^ Study population: Study population consisted of patients and those accompanying patients to the De-addiction centre. Sample size calculation: Sample Size was calculated using formula N= Z2 [P (1-P)]/d2, where d (width of confdence interval) was determine to be 5%, Z = 1.96 (5% precision), P (Prevalence) = 3.5 % (As in previous studies prevalence of adult ADHD was 2-5 %). Sample size was calculated to be 49 in each group. Finally study was conducted with a Sample size of 50 patients and 50 controls. STUDY GROUP Inclusion Criteria: a. Patients admitted in Prerna De-addicition& Rehabilitation Centre at Tek Chand Sidana Memorial Psychiatric Hospital & De-addiction Centre, Sri Ganganagar (Raj.) b. Fulflling DSM IV-TR criteria for Substance use disorders (Substance Abuse or Substance Dependence) c. Males aged more than 18 years d. Willing to give written informed consent Exclusion Criteria: a. Patients with any substance induced disorders (eg. Intoxication, Withdrawal, induced sleep disorder, induced sexual disorder) without Substance Use Disorders. b. Patients having any co-morbid neurological problems other than seizures. c. Patients not willing to participate in the study. CONTROL GROUP: Inclusion Criteria: a. Subjects who are accompanying the patients to the De-addiction centre b. Males aged more than 18 years. c. Subjects do not use any psychoactive substance. d. Willing to give written informed consent Exclusion Criteria: a. Subjects with any history of any substance related disorder. b. Subjects having their frst degree relatives with substance related disorders. c. Subjects having any neurological problems. d. Subjects not willing to participate in the study. STUDY TOOLS a. Semi structured Performa for assessing Socio-demographic profile of the subjects and substance related behaviors and problems. b. Adult ADHD self report scale (ASRS VI.1) Study Procedure: Written informed consent was taken from the participant subjects. All sampled cases and controls were assessed using semi-structured questionnaire for socio-demographic profile and substance use. A detailed history, physical and mental status examination was done. The Adult ADHD Self Report Scale (ASRS-VI.1) was applied on both cases and controls. Subjects with four or more positive scoring in part-A have high chance of adult ADHD. It was confrmed by applying DSM-IV-TR criteria of adult ADHD. After discussing with a consultant psychiatrist the diagnosis of substance use disorders and comorbid psychiatric disorders made according to DSM IV-TR were recorded. All those fulflling DSM IV-TR criteria for substance use disorders viz., Substance abuse and substance dependence were termed patients with substance abuse in this study. Cases were assessed on frst day of admission and followed up every day till discharge. They were assessed for withdrawal symptoms, craving, aggressive behavior and impulsive behavior. The number of days taken for detoxification with an absence of signs of withdrawal was taken as duration for response to treatment. All patients with substance abuse (both Adult ADHD positive and negative) were followed for 6 months either during follow up or readmissions or through telephonic contact to know the recurrence of substance use behavior. Resuming the use of the substance after a period of atleast 3 weeks of abstinence was considered a relapse. Number of relapses during the six months including rehospitalization for relapse was recorded. Results: The Results indicate that there was a signifcant difference in substance abuse and non-substance abuse subjects. It was identifed that subjects with substance abuse screened positive for ADHD had onset of substance abuse in early age, suffered from multiple substance abuse, and had delayed response to treatment in comparison to subject's diagnosed negative for ADHD. Lastly, substance abuse subjects had more mood fuctuations and lesser anxiety in those diagnosed positive for ADHD. There was a signifcant association of educational status in positive and negative ADHD substance abuse subjects (study group). Symptoms of ADHD were signifcantly associated with severity of addiction, onset of substance abuse, relapses, responding to therapy after treatment among substance abuse patients. Comorbid psychiatric illness among substance abuse patients was strongly associated with symptoms of ADHD. In non-substance abuse subjects (control group) the comorbid psychiatric illness such as depression was highly associated with symptoms of ADHD. Conclusion: The prevalence of Adult ADHD in substance abuse was 22% and 4.0% in non-substance abuse subjects. Comorbidity of Psychiatric disorders and problems is signifcantly high in those with substance use disorder. Adult ADHD in substance abuse appears to increase the relapse rate and increase the chances of mood fuctuations even in absence of affective disorders. ADHD might also increase the risk of multiple substance abuse and delays the response to detoxifcation regimes. Above all interpretations and statistical confrmations sounded a concrete decision that Attention-Defcit/Hyperactive Disorder symptoms negatively infuence the substance abuse. Thus a routine screening for ADHD in substance abuse would better conceptualize the complex disorder. Thus research focusing on managing ADHD in substance use is the need of the day. ER  - 
Study of marital adjustment in depression and somatoform patients in a tertiary care rural institute$$$ Background: Marital adjustment has been described as 'the state in which there is an overall feeling in husband and wife of happiness and satisfaction with their marriage and with each other. Marital circumstances have been indicated to be a salient risk factor for disproportionately high prevalence of depression. Researchers have reported a strong association between marital problems and depression. Studies have reported that patients with chronic physical symptoms of obscure etiology who are referred to a psychiatric consultation service demonstrated characteristic differences in their marital adjustment and family structure. Literature research yielded few studies which examined association of marital adjustment with depression and somatoform cases in a rural tertiary care centre. Aim: To assess marital adjustment in depression and somatoform disorder. Settings and design: A case control study conducted in the Department of Psychiatry at BPS GMC (W), Khanpur kalan, Sonepat. Material and Method: 30 married cases of each depression and somatoform were taken. Control group included 30 patients of epilepsy. Brief details of psychiatric illness and socio-demographic background were recorded. Locke-Wallace Marital Adjustment Test (1959) was administered. Results and conclusion: 67% and 43% cases of depression and somatoform disorder respectively had poor marital adjustment. The mean score for marital adjustment in somatoform cases (97) was just below cut-off limit (100 out of 158), the depressive cases performed much worse with a mean score of 80. There was signifcant difference in marital adjustment score between depression and epilepsy patients. This suggests that there is a signifcant association between marital adjustment and psychiatric illness. ER  - 
A Cross-Sectional Survey of Medical Cannabis Users: Patterns of Use and Perceived Efficacy$$$ Background: The political climate around Cannabis as a medicine is rapidly changing. Legislators are adopting policies regarding appropriate medical applications, while the paucity of research may make policy decisions around conditions for which Cannabis is an effective medicine difficult. Methods: An anonymous online survey was developed to query medical Cannabis users about the conditions they use Cannabis to treat, their use patterns, perception of efficacy, and physical and mental health. Participants were recruited through social media and Cannabis dispensaries in Washington State. Results: A total of 1429 participants identified as medical Cannabis users. The most frequently reported conditions for which they used Cannabis were pain (61.2%), anxiety (58.1%), depression (50.3%), headache/migraine (35.5%), nausea (27.4%), and muscle spasticity (18.4%). On average, participants reported an 86% reduction in symptoms as a result of Cannabis use; 59.8% of medical users reported using Cannabis as an alternative to pharmaceutical prescriptions. Global health scores were on par with the general population for mental health and physical health. Conclusions: While patient-reported outcomes favor strong efficacy for a broad range of symptoms, many medical users are using Cannabis without physician supervision and for conditions for which there is no formal research to support the use of Cannabis (e.g., depression and anxiety). Future research and public policy should attempt to reduce the incongruence between approved and actual use. ER  - 
The Life-On project: Chronobiology, sleep-related risk factors and light therapy in perinatal depression$$$ Objectives: Perinatal depression (PND) has an overall estimated prevalence of roughly 12%. If left untreated, PND has significant negative consequences not only on the health of the mothers, but also on the physical, emotional and cognitive developmentof their children. No certain risk factors are known to predict PNDand no completely safe drug treatments are available during pregnancy and breastfeeding. Sleep and depression are strongly relatedto each other because of a solid reciprocal causal relationship. Bright light therapy (BLT) is a well-tested and safe treatment,effective in both depression and circadian/sleep disorders. Theaims of the present project are:-to systematically and prospectively explore sleep-related parameters, as well as mood changesduring the perinatal period, to identify potential early diagnosticmarkers of PND (Life-ON main study)-to explore the relationship between specific genetic polymorphisms and PND (substudyLife-ON 1)-to investigate the effectiveness of BLT in treatingPND (substudy Life-ON 2)-to test whether a short-term trial ofBLT during pregnancy can prevent PND (substudy Life-ON 3).Methods: In a 3-year longitudinal, observational, multicenterstudy, about 500 women will be recruited and followed-up fromearly pregnancy (10th-15th week of gestation) until 12 monthsafter delivery. Sleep will be assessed using wrist actigraphy, polysomnography and various sleep questionnaires. A blood-basedanalysis of potential biochemical, hormonal and genetic markersduring the perinatal period will be performed. Women affected byPND, based on a psychiatric interview and an EPDS score >12,will be invited to participate in a randomized, placebo-controlledtrial with morning bright light therapy (BLT) for 6 weeks. A subsample of 80 women without depression will also be randomizedto participate in a 6-week open-label study with BLT during thethird trimester of pregnancy.Results: The study is ongoing since the middle of 2016. Todate about 150 pregnant women have been recruited and about 20of them participated in the preventive substudy Life-ON 3. A firstinterim analysis of the available data is planned for fall 2017. Thefinal study results are expected in 2019.Conclusions: The characterization of specific predictive andrisk factors for PND may substantially contribute to improve preventive medical and social strategies for the affected women. Thestudy results are expected to promote a better understanding of therelationship between sleep disorders and the development of PNDand to confirm, in a large sample of women, the safety and efficacy of BLT both in prevention and treatment of PND. ER  - 
Bupropion toxicity associated with QT prolongation: A case series$$$ Background: Bupropion, an aminoketone antidepressant, is used for the treatment of depression. Bupropion overdose is known to cause seizures, QRS prolongation, and ventricular dysrhythmias. Hypothesis: Bupropion toxicity can cause QT/QTc prolongation independent of QRS effects. Methods: This is an IRB approved, retrospective chart review of four patients who developed QTc prolongation after bupropion overdoses. Results: Patients 1 and 2 are 9-year-old females who took their grandmother's bupropion XL 150 mg. Patient 1 developed seizures, EMS was called, and during transport she developed sustained ventricular tachycardia requiring cardioversion. She had multiple seizures in the emergency department (ED) and during subsequent transport to a tertiary pediatric hospital. She remained agitated with sinus tachycardia (129-158 bpm) and QTc prolongation (QRS 82 ms; QT/QTc 354/ 536 ms). While visiting her cousin in the ED, patient 2 developed hallucinations, agitation, nausea, and vomiting. She was also transferred to the tertiary pediatric hospital. She had sinus tachycardia (138-145 bpm) and QTc prolongation (QRS 84 ms, QT/QTc 338/ 523 ms). Patient 3 is a 17-year-old female with history of autoimmune hepatitis, ADHD, depression, and drug use who overdosed on bupropion and fluoxetine through insufflation and ingestion. Shepresented with altered mental status, sinus tachycardia (121- 135 bpm), and QTc prolongation (QRS 86 ms, QT/QTc 440/ 624 ms). Patient 4 is a 14-year-old female with history of depression taking quetiapine and sertraline who overdosed on bupropion. She developed seizure activity at home with multiple episodes in the ED, sinus tachycardia (102-119 bpm), and QT/QTc prolongation (88 ms, QT/QTc 348/495 ms). Urine drug levels confirmed the presence of bupropion (>1200 ng/mL), hydroxybupropion (10,000 ng/ mL), quetiapine (>1000 ng/mL), sertraline (48 ng/mL), trazodone (2.6 mcg/mL), and meta-chlorophenylpiperazine (>500 ng/mL). Discussion: These cases demonstrate QTc prolongation after bupropion overdose that may be related to cardiac potassium channel blockade in the overdose setting. Only patient 1 developed dysrhythmias; patients 2 through 4 did not. QTc prolongation resolved by day 2 in all four cases and all patients recovered fully. Age, gender, and route of administration may have an effect on the development of toxicity. Conclusion: Bupropion toxicity can cause QTc prolongation independent of QRS prolongation. ER  - 
Two Cases of New Onset Refractory Status Epilepticus: Prolonged Barbiturate and Ketamine Therapy$$$ Background: New onset refractory status epilepticus (NORSE) is a difficult to control clinical condition with potentially poor outcomes. Coma induction, including the use of barbiturates and ketamine, is an acceptable therapeutic strategy. However, the use of general anesthetics has potential inherent systemic complications. Thus, the optimal therapeutic approach remains unclear. Case Description: Two cases of young healthy males presenting with new generalized tonic-clonic seizures following flu-like symptoms were managed in the intensive care unit. Continuous electroencephalography monitoring indicated ongoing non-convulsive status epilepticus refractory to numerous antiepileptic drugs. Seizure suppression was achieved through infusions of pentobarbital, thiopental, ketamine, propofol or midazolam. This continued for greater than 6 months with unsuccessful weaning attempts. Brain imaging demonstrated evidence of progressive white matter disease. Other systemic complications included recurrent infections, hepatomegaly and, in one case, ischemic gut requiring surgical intervention. Both patients received immunologic therapy for presumed autoimmune encephalitis. Ultimately, one patient remained in a persistent vegetative state while the other recovered with a significant reduction in seizure burden. Assessment of Causality: Treatment complications, specifically hepatomegaly and reversible cerebral changes (as seen on magnetic resonance imaging), were attributed to prolonged barbiturate and ketamine use respectively. Literature Review: Evidence in the form of randomized controlled trials in the management of refractory status epilepticus is limited to one study comparing barbiturates to propofol. As such, management of this severe disorder is directed largely by case reports and small case series. Prolonged barbiturate coma has been described in the order of weeks and not months. Importance to Practitioners: Current practices in the management of NORSE are guided by expert consensus, systematic reviews of the literature and cumulative practice. Further research into the risks and benefits of prolonged anesthesia is needed. In the meantime, case reports add to the small body of evidence currently used to direct therapy. ER  - 
Depression, anxiety and disease-related variables and quality of life among individuals with systemic lupus erythematosus living in Kermanshah Province, Iran$$$ Background: Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) is affected by numerous variables including depression and anxiety. However, these associations have not yet been described among patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and the impact of SLE-related clinical variables remains unknown. Objectives: In this cross-sectional study, the prevalence of depression and anxiety among Iranian patients with SLE living in Kermanshah province, Iran, has been estimated and the determinants of HRQoL in comparison with healthy subjects have been identified. Patients and Methods: Sampling was performed based on recruitment of subjects according to inclusion and exclusion criteria. Systemic lupus erythematosus-related variables including cutaneous manifestations, pericarditis, arthritis, history of seizure and psychosis were recorded. Blood samples were taken to measure antinuclear antibodies (ANA), anti-double stranded DNA (anti-dsDNA), Anti-Smith (Anti-SM), anticardiolipin antibody. Matched healthy subjects in demographic characteristics were selected from general population of Kermanshah province, Iran. Depression and anxiety and HRQoL were assessed using the Beck depression inventory-II, Beck anxiety inventory and short-form 36 health survey, respectively. Results: A total of 310 individuals (160 patients with SLE and 150 healthy subjects) participated in this study. The prevalence of depression and anxiety was about 20% among people with SLE, which was noticeably high but not significantly different from healthy individuals. More severe depression was associated with lower scores in domains of physical functioning (PF), role limitation due to physical problems (RP) and subsequently physical component summary (PCS) in the SLE group (P < 0.0001 for all). A higher anxiety level was negatively correlated with PF, RP, social functioning (SF), general health (GH) and PCS in the SLE group (P = 0.01, < 0.0001, 0.004, 0.02 and 0.005, respectively). Scores of PF and PCS were significantly lower among patients with SLE compared to the control group (P = 0.001 for both). Malar rash, photosensitivity, discoid rash, pleuritis, pericarditis, history of seizure and positive Anti-SM Ab were associated with poorer SF (P = 0.003, 0.003, 0.018, 0.001, < 0.0001, 0.021 and 0.002, respectively). Conclusions: The results of this study show that patients with SLE have poorer HRQoL in physical components whereas the mental component of QoL is relatively similar to healthy individuals. Depression and anxiety were not related to clinical manifestations of SLE. However, the SF domain of HRQoL was the most susceptible component of QoL, which was affected by SLE clinical variables. The high estimated prevalence of depression and anxiety among patients with SLE requires attention. ER  - 
Maintenance therapy with tumor-Treating fields plus temozolomide vs temozolomide alone for glioblastoma a randomized clinical trial$$$ IMPORTANCE Glioblastoma is the most devastating primary malignancy of the central nervous system in adults. Most patients die within 1 to 2 years of diagnosis. Tumor-Treating fields (TTFields) are a locoregionally delivered antimitotic treatment that interferes with cell division and organelle assembly. OBJECTIVE To evaluate the efficacy and safety of TTFields used in combination with temozolomide maintenance treatment after chemoradiation therapy for patients with glioblastoma. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS After completion of chemoradiotherapy, patients with glioblastomawere randomized (2:1) to receive maintenance treatment with either TTFields plus temozolomide (n = 466) or temozolomide alone (n = 229) (median time from diagnosis to randomization, 3.8 months in both groups). The study enrolled 695 of the planned 700patients betweenJuly2009andNovember2014 at83centers in the United States, Canada,Europe, Israel, and South Korea. The trialwas terminated based on the results of this planned interim analysis. INTERVENTIONS Treatment with TTFields was delivered continuously (>18 hours/day) via 4 transducer arrays placed on the shaved scalp and connected to a portable medical device. Temozolomide (150-200mg/m2/d) was given for 5 days of each 28-day cycle. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The primary end pointwas progression-free survival in the intent-To-Treat population (significance threshold of .01) with overall survival in the per-protocol population (n = 280) as a powered secondary end point (significance threshold of .006). This prespecified interim analysis was to be conducted on the first 315 patients after at least 18 months of follow-up. RESULTS The interim analysis included 210 patients randomized to TTFields plus temozolomide and 105 randomized to temozolomide alone, and was conducted at a median follow-up of 38 months (range, 18-60 months). Median progression-free survival in the intent-To-Treat population was 7.1 months (95%CI, 5.9-8.2 months) in the TTFields plus temozolomide group and 4.0 months (95%CI, 3.3-5.2 months) in the temozolomide alone group (hazard ratio [HR], 0.62 [98.7%CI, 0.43-0.89]; P = .001). Median overall survival in the per-protocol population was 20.5 months (95%CI, 16.7-25.0 months) in the TTFields plus temozolomide group (n = 196) and 15.6 months (95%CI, 13.3-19.1 months) in the temozolomide alone group (n = 84) (HR, 0.64 [99.4%CI, 0.42-0.98]; P = .004). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE In this interim analysis of 315 patients with glioblastoma who had completed standard chemoradiation therapy, adding TTFields to maintenance temozolomide chemotherapy significantly prolonged progression-free and overall survival. ER  - 
Methodological challenges in assessing the impact of comorbidities on costs in Alzheimer’s disease clinical trials$$$ Background: Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is associated with considerable costs and has a significant impact on health and social care systems. Objective: This study assessed whether baseline comorbidities present in 2,594 patients with AD participating in two semagacestat randomized placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) would significantly impact overall costs. Methods: Resource utilization was captured using the Resource Utilization in Dementia Scale-Lite. Comorbidities and concomitant medications were tabulated via patient and caregiver reports. Only baseline data were analyzed. Direct and indirect costs per month were calculated per patient. The relationship between cost and explanatory variables was explored in a regression model. Results: The baseline monthly cost of care in this RCT population was £1,147 ± 2,483, with informal care costs accounting for 75 % of costs. Gender, age, and functional status were significant predictors of costs (p ≤ 0.0001). The cost ratio was not impacted when the number of comorbidities was added to the model (cost ratio = 0.95; 95 % CI 0.91–0.99) or when combined with the number of concomitant medications (cost ratio = 0.97; 95 % CI 0.95–1.00). Inconsistent findings related to the impact of individual comorbidities on costs were noted in sensitivity analyses. Conclusions: The number of comorbidities, alone or when combined with concomitant medications, did not impact baseline costs of care, perhaps because RCTs often enroll less severely ill and more medically stable patients. However, higher costs were consistently associated with greater functional impairment similar to non-RCT databases. Supplemental sources (e.g., claims databases) are likely needed to better estimate the effects of disease and treatment on costs of illness captured in RCTs for AD. ER  - 
Epidemiology of proximal humerus fractures$$$ Summary: There are only a few previous population-based studies that include both inpatient and outpatient treatment data. The aim of this study was to investigate the epidemiology of proximal humerus fractures. The incidence of proximal humerus fractures increases with age, and we observe a seasonal variation strongly favoring winter months. Purpose: Proximal humerus fractures are the third most common osteoporotic fracture type observed in elderly patients, after wrist and hip fractures. However, few previous population-based studies include both inpatient and outpatient treatment data. The aim of this study was to investigate the incidence, fracture morphology, and treatment method provided in cases of proximal humerus fractures. Methods: We retrospectively studied patient records from a mid-sized town in Finland between the years 2006 and 2010. The following data were collected from the medical records: age, sex, date of the fracture, laterality of the fracture, mechanism of injury, treatment method, and other associated fractures at the time of the original injury. Sex and age distributions of the patient population at risk (>18 years old) were calculated for the study period. Conclusion: The incidence of proximal humerus fractures increases with age, and we observe a seasonal variation strongly favoring winter months. It is evident that proximal humerus fractures cause considerable morbidity among elderly people and consume health care resources. Results: A total of 678 patients (females n = 503, 73 %) with 692 proximal humerus fractures were identified. The unadjusted incidence was 82 (95 % CI 76 to 88) per 100,000 person-years, 114 (95 % CI 104 to 124), and 47 (95 % CI 41 to 54) per 100,000 person-years in females and males, respectively. Incidence increased toward the older age groups. Clear seasonal variation was observed, two-part fractures were most common (428, 62 %), the majority of the fractures (n = 539, 78 %) were treated nonoperatively with a sling. ER  - 
Oral Levosimendan Increases Cerebral Blood Flow Velocities in Patients with a History of Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack: A Pilot Safety Study$$$ Background: Intravenous levosimendan is indicated for acute heart failure. The compound has shown promising beneficial effects in ischemic stroke models. Objective: We evaluated the efficacy and safety of oral levosimendan in patients with a history of cerebral ischemia. Methods: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study, 16 patients with a history of ischemic stroke/transient ischemic attack received oral levosimendan in 5 escalating doses from 0.125 to 2.0 mg daily for 18-day intervals of each dose; 5 patients received placebo. Twenty-four-hour ambulatory ECG and cerebral blood flow velocities using transcranial Doppler ultrasound were recorded at baseline and at the end of each dosing period. Vasomotor reactivity was assessed via the breath holding index. In addition, plasma levels of N-terminal-pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-pro-BNP) and the metabolites of levosimendan were determined. Results: Levosimendan induced an increase in cerebral blood flow velocities and a decrease in NT-pro-BNP compared with placebo. There was no significant effect on breath holding index. Doses ≥0.5 mg increased heart rate by 5 to 9 beats/min. The dose level of 2.0 mg exceeded the preset safety margin of ventricular extrasystoles per hour (ie, upper 90% CI of the ratio of levosimendan to placebo above 2) with an estimate of 3.10 (90% CI, 0.95-10.07). Conclusions: Oral levosimendan increases cerebral blood flow velocities and diminishes NT-pro-BNP levels in patients with earlier ischemic cerebrovascular event. Daily doses up to 1.0 mg were well tolerated, whereas the 2.0 mg dose level induced an increase in ventricular extrasystoles. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00698763. ER  - 
Parental and comorbid epilepsy in persons with bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Population-based studies have demonstrated an overrepresentation of bipolar disorder (BPD) in individuals with epilepsy. However, few studies have examined the reverse association, i.e. comorbid epilepsy in individuals selected based on BPD diagnosis. No previous population-based study having examined the co-occurrence of BPD and epilepsy has adjusted for parental psychopathology. Such an adjustment is motivated by population-based studies reporting an overrepresentation of various types of parental psychiatric disorders in both BPD and epilepsy. Furthermore, an association between epilepsy in first-degree relatives and BPD has previously only been examined and demonstrated in a small clinical sample. The objective of this study is to examine the associations between parental and comorbid epilepsy and BPD, adjusting for parental psychopathology. Methods: This nested case-control study identified 1861 cases with BPD, age up to 25 years, 3643 matched controls, and their parents from Finnish national registers. Conditional logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and two-sided significance limits of p<0.05. Results: BPD was associated with comorbid epilepsy (adjusted OR 2.53, 95% CI: 1.73-3.70) but not with parental epilepsy. Epilepsy was found in 3.33% of cases versus 1.29% of controls, 2.69% of cases' parents versus 2.53% of controls' parents. Limitations The diagnoses were register-based, not based on standardized procedures with direct ascertainment. Conclusions: An association between BPD and comorbid epilepsy persists even after adjusting for parental psychopathology. Lack of familial clustering of BPD and epilepsy would suggest that the elevated co-occurrence of these disorders is influenced by non-genetic factors. ER  - 
Interleukin-1β plasma levels are associated with depression in temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Inflammatory mediators such as cytokines are likely to contribute to the pathophysiology of epilepsy. Proinflammatory cytokines are also associated with mood disorders, such as major depression. As people with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) are at an increased risk of mood disorders, we attempted to evaluate peripheral levels of IL-1β in people with TLE with depression and people with TLE without depression and in healthy controls. In a cross-sectional study, we compared three groups: 21 people with TLE without depression (TLE D. -), 18 people with TLE with depression (TLE D. +), and 31 controls without depression. A structured clinical interview (MINI-Plus) was used to diagnose current depression, and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) was used to quantify depressive symptoms. Plasma levels of IL-1β were significantly higher in people with TLE with depression than in controls (p = 0.004) or people with TLE without depression (p = 0.006). Interleukin-1beta levels positively correlated with HAM-D scores (Spearman's rho = 0.381, p = 0.017) in people with TLE. Higher levels of IL-1β in TLE seem to be associated with depression. ER  - 
Outcome of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in children: A 2-year follow-up study$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the outcome of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in children seen at a level 4 epilepsy center. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed patients under the age of 18. years who were diagnosed with PNES based on evaluation in the epilepsy monitoring unit and had a follow-up of at least 2. years postdiagnosis. Remission of events was noted at 6. months, 12. months, and 24. months of follow-up, and patient and disease variables affecting outcome were studied. Results: Ninety patients met inclusion criteria (58 females; mean age: 14.03. ±. 3.3. years). Thirty-two out of ninety (36%) patients had early (within 6. months) and sustained remission (until 2. years of follow-up) of their events ("favorable outcome"), while 30/90 patients (33%) never achieved remission during the study period ("unfavorable outcome"). The factors that were associated with "unfavorable outcome" included the presence of comorbid epilepsy [12/30 (40%) vs 0/32, p. <. 0.0001] and prolonged duration of symptoms before establishment of the diagnosis (median 365. days vs 60. days, p. <. 0.0001). Patient's age, gender, frequency of events, the presence of major psychosocial stressors, and comorbid psychiatric conditions had no significant impact on the disease outcome. Conclusions: About a third of children with PNES achieve early and sustained remission of symptoms, while another third continue to manifest seizure-like events until at least two years after the diagnosis. The presence of comorbid epilepsy and prolonged duration of PNES are associated with a poor two-year outcome. Early suspicion and diagnosis of PNES, especially in patients with epilepsy, is essential. ER  - 
Risk factors for reading disability in families with rolandic epilepsy$$$ Objective: The high prevalence and impact of neurodevelopmental comorbidities in childhood epilepsy are now well known, as are the increased risks and familial aggregation of reading disability (RD) and speech sound disorder (SSD) in rolandic epilepsy (RE). The risk factors for RD in the general population include male sex, SSD, and ADHD, but it is not known if these are the same in RE or whether there is a contributory role of seizure and treatment-related variables. Methods: An observational study of 108 probands with RE (age range: 3.6-22. years) and their 159 siblings (age range: 1-29. years; 83 with EEG data) were singly ascertained in the US or UK through a proband affected by RE. We used a nested case-control design, multiple logistic regression, and generalized estimating equations to test the hypothesis of an association between RD and seizure variables or antiepileptic drug treatment in RE; we also assessed an association between EEG focal sharp waves and RD in siblings. Results: Reading disability was reported in 42% of probands and 22% of siblings. Among probands, RD was strongly associated with a history of SSD (OR: 9.64, 95% CI: 2.45-37.21), ADHD symptoms (OR: 10.31, 95% CI: 2.15-49.44), and male sex (OR: 3.62, 95% CI: 1.11-11.75) but not with seizure or treatment variables. Among siblings, RD was independently associated only with SSD (OR: 4.30, 95% CI: 1.42-13.0) and not with the presence of interictal EEG focal sharp waves. Significance: The principal risk factors for RD in RE are SSD, ADHD, and male sex, the same risk factors as for RD without epilepsy. Seizure or treatment variables do not appear to be important risk factors for RD in probands with RE, and there was no evidence to support interictal EEG focal sharp waves as a risk factor for RD in siblings. Future studies should focus on the precise neuropsychological characterization of RD in families with RE and on the effectiveness of standard oral-language and reading interventions. ER  - 
Retrospective multicenter evaluation of the "fly-catching syndrome" in 24 dogs: EEG, BAER, MRI, CSF findings and response to antiepileptic and antidepressant treatment$$$ The fly-catching syndrome (FCS) is a rare canine condition of sudden, occasional, or constant episodes of biting the air. It may be accompanied by jumping, licking, and swallowing. The etiology of FCS is unknown and controversial. Various explanations for its occurrence have included epileptoid disorders such as visual cortex epileptiform disturbances and simple and complex partial seizures as well as compulsive disorders, hallucinatory behavior, and stereotypy. A retrospective multicenter analysis of 24 dogs with clinical symptoms of FCS is presented. Clinical signs at the time of presentation, the mean age at onset of the disease, the response to treatment, and the clinical outcome were recorded and analyzed in all patients. All dogs underwent clinical, neurological, and otoscopic examinations. Complete blood cell counts (CBCs) and serum chemistry panels were obtained from each dog. Diagnostic testing included MRI and EEG examinations in 21 cases, BAER in 19 cases, and CSF analysis in 20 cases. The EEG revealed spike activity in 8 (38%) of the 21 cases, 7 of which had activity in the occipital lobes. The brainstem auditory evoked response (BAER) revealed three cases of bilateral deafness. The MRI revealed six cases of Chiari malformation (CM), one case of syringohydromyelia (SM), and one case of a falx cerebri meningioma. The dogs were divided into groups according to their treatment protocol. Group A included dogs treated with phenobarbital (PB), and group B consisted of dogs treated with fluoxetine (FLX). Thirty-six percent of the dogs in group A responded to PB, while 100% of the dogs in group B responded to FLX. The results suggest that FCS is more responsive to FLX than PB. However, the etiology of this behavior remains unclear in most cases. ER  - 
Comparative Toxicity of Tapentadol and Tramadol Utilizing Data Reported to the National Poison Data System$$$ Background: Tapentadol (TAP) and tramadol (TRA) provide pain relief through similar monoaminergic and opioid agonist properties. Objective: To compare clinical effects and medical outcomes between TAP and TRA exposures reported to the National Poison Data System of the American Association of Poison Control Centers. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted analyzing national data for single medication TAP or TRA cases reported from June 2009 through December 2011. Case outcomes, dichotomized as severe versus mild; clinical effects; and use of naloxone were compared. Results: There were 217 TAP and 8566 TRA cases. Significantly more severe outcomes were associated with TAP exposures for an all-age comparison (relative risk [RR] = 1.24; 95% CI = 1.04-1.48), and for the <6-year-old age group (RR = 5.76; 95% CI = 2.20-15.11). Patients with TAP exposures had significantly greater risk of respiratory depression (RR = 5.56; 95% CI = 3.50-8.81), coma (RR = 4.16; 95% CI = 2.33-7.42), drowsiness/lethargy (RR = 1.38; 95% CI = 1.15-1.66), slurred speech (RR = 3.51; 95% CI = 1.98-6.23), hallucination/delusion (RR = 7.25; 95% CI = 3.61-14.57), confusion (RR = 2.54; 95% CI = 1.56-4.13) and use of naloxone (RR = 3.80; 95% CI = 2.96-4.88). TRA exposures had significantly greater risk of seizures (RR = 7.94; 95% CI = 2.99-20.91) and vomiting (RR = 1.96; 95% CI = 1.07-3.60). Conclusion: TAP was associated with significantly more toxic clinical effects and severe outcomes consistent with an opioid agonist. TRA was associated with significantly higher rates of seizures and vomiting. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of belimumab to treat systemic lupus erythematosus in academic clinical practices$$$ Objective. To evaluate the use and efficacy of belimumab in academic practices. Belimumab is a human monoclonal antibody that inhibits soluble B lymphocyte stimulator and has been approved for the treatment of adults with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods. Invitations to participate and complete a 1-page questionnaire for each patient prescribed belimumab were sent to 16 physicians experienced in SLE phase III clinical trials. The outcome was defined as the physician's impression of improvement in the initial manifestation(s) being treated without worsening in other organ systems. Results. Of 195 patients treated with belimumab at 10 academic centers, 96% were taking background medications for SLE at initiation of belimumab, with 74% taking corticosteroids. The main indications for initiation of belimumab were arthritis, rash, and/or worsening serologic activity, with 30% of patients unable to taper corticosteroids. Of the 120 patients taking belimumab for at least 6 months, 51% responded clinically and 67% had ≥ 25% improvement in laboratory values. While numbers are limited, black patients showed improvement at 6 months. In a subset of 39 patients with childhood-onset SLE, 65% responded favorably at 6 months, and 35% discontinued corticosteroids. Conclusion. Our data demonstrate favorable clinical and laboratory outcomes in patients with SLE at 6 months across all racial and ethnic groups, with similar improvement seen among patients with childhood-onset SLE. ER  - 
Troubles psychiatriques et facteurs associés chez une population de patients épileptiques à Fès, Maroc Psychiatric disorders and associated factors in patients with epilepsy in Fez, Morocco$$$ Background. - The prevalence of psychiatric disorders in epileptic patients remains unclear.Objective. - This study was conducted in order to determine the prevalence and nature of thepsychiatric disorders and the associated factors in patients with idiopathic epilepsy.Methods. - A cross-sectional study was conducted over a period of eighteen months in thepsychiatric unit of the University Hospital Hassan II of Fez (Morocco). A questionnaire wascompleted by the included patients, which specified: the socio-demographic data, personal andfamily history, and the clinical features of epilepsy and its management. Psychiatric disorderswere identified by the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview test (MINI). The severityof the depression and anxiety symptoms was investigated using the Beck Depression Inventory(BDI) and the Hamilton Rating Scale.Results. - Eighty-nine patients met the inclusion criteria. The average age of patients was29.7 ± 10.8 years. Mood disorders were the leading psychiatric comorbidity: 32.6% among which25.8% of major depressive episodes, 15.7% of dysthymia and 2.2% of hypomanic episodes.Anxiety disorders came second: 28.1% (among which 19.1% panic disorder, 13.5% agorapho-bia, 12.4% generalized anxiety disorder, 10.1% social phobia and 4.5% post-traumatic stressdisorder). Female gender, unemployment and poor compliance to antiepileptic drugs are allrisk factors for the occurrence of psychiatric disorders in this population. ER  - 
Neurological complications after renal transplantation: A retrospective clinical study$$$ Introduction: The aim of this study was to evaluate the incidence and types of neurological complications (NCs) and associated factors in renal transplantation (RT) patients. Methods: Three hundred and forty-four patients who had RT performed at our institution between January 2005 and July 2014 were retrospectively evaluated. Results: File records of the patients revealed 19 who experienced a total of 22 episodes of NCs, of whom three had more than one episode. The mean age of 19 patients included in the study, of whom eight were female, was 37.52±13.08 (range, 18–65) years. NCs were classified into central or peripheral depending on the location of involvement of the central nervous system (CNS). CNS involvement was found in 16 (84.2%) of the 19 patients. Tremor (36.8%) was the most common CNS complication in these patients. Encephalopathy, generalized tonic–clonic seizures, and status epilepticus were observed in two patients (10.5%). Delirium and dementia were observed in one patient (5.2%). Headache was experienced by one patient, and agitated depression was observed in one patient. Six patients (26.3%) had the peripheral nervous system involvement. One patient had the numbness of hands with normal electromyography findings, and four patients had polyneuropathy. In one patient, lumbar plexopathy was observed. Seventeen of the 22 NCs were considered to be caused by immunosuppressive agents. Each incidence of amyloidosis, infection, septic emboli, and hypoglycemia caused a neurological episode. The etiology of one episode was unknown. Conclusion: Different neurological disorders can be seen after RT, and most of them are caused by immunosuppressive drugs. NCs seen after RT can be treated by decreasing the dose or changing the immunosuppressive drug. ER  - 
Identifying clinical correlates for suicide among epilepsy patients in South Korea: A case-control study$$$ Summary Objective Suicide is a major cause of premature mortality in patients with epilepsy. We aimed to identify the clinical correlates of suicide in these patients. Methods We conducted a matched, case-control study based on a clinical case registry of epilepsy patients (n = 35,638) treated between January 1994 and December 2011 at an academic tertiary medical center in Seoul, Korea. Each epilepsy patient in the suicide group (n = 74) was matched with three epilepsy patients in the nonsuicide group (n = 222) by age, gender, and approximate time at first treatment. The clinical characteristics of the patients in both groups were then compared. Results In a univariate analysis, seizure frequency during the year before suicide, use of antiepileptic drug polytherapy, lack of aura before seizure, diagnosis of temporal lobe epilepsy, use of levetiracetam, psychiatric comorbidity, and use of antidepressants were all significantly higher in the suicide group than in the nonsuicide group. Multivariate analysis revealed that a high seizure frequency (odds ratio [OR] 3.3, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04-10.2), a lack of aura before seizure (OR 4.0, 95% CI 1.7-9.3), temporal lobe epilepsy (OR 3.7, 95% CI 1.6-8.6), and use of levetiracetam (OR 7.6, 95% CI 1.1-53.7) and antidepressants (OR 7.2, 95% CI 1.5-34.1) were all associated with a higher probability of suicide. Significance Patients with temporal lobe epilepsy who experience seizures weekly or more frequently, experience a lack of aura, use levetiracetam, or take antidepressants are all at a higher risk of suicide and should be monitored closely. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter, parallel-group study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of adjunctive brivaracetam in adult patients with uncontrolled partial-onset seizures$$$ Summary Objective Brivaracetam (BRV), a selective and high-affinity synaptic vesicle protein 2A ligand, is in development as adjunctive treatment for partial-onset (focal) seizures (POS). This phase 3 study (N01358; NCT01261325) aimed to confirm the efficacy and safety/tolerability of BRV in adults (≥16-80 years) with POS. Methods This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter study enrolled patients with uncontrolled POS despite ongoing treatment with 1-2 antiepileptic drugs. Patients exposed to levetiracetam ≤90 days before visit 1 were excluded. Patients entered an 8-week prospective baseline period, followed by a 12-week treatment period when they were randomized 1:1:1 to placebo (PBO), BRV 100 mg/day, or BRV 200 mg/day, started without up-titration. The co-primary efficacy outcomes were percent reduction over placebo in 28-day adjusted POS frequency, and ≥50% responder rate based on percent reduction in POS frequency from baseline to the treatment period. Results Seven hundred sixty-eight patients were randomized; 760 were included in the efficacy analysis: 259, 252, and 249 in PBO, BRV 100 mg/day, and BRV 200 mg/day groups, respectively. Percent reduction over PBO in 28-day adjusted seizure frequency (95% confidence interval [CI]) was 22.8% for BRV 100 mg/day (13.3-31.2%; p < 0.001) and 23.2% for BRV 200 mg/day (13.8-31.6%; p < 0.001). The ≥50% responder rate (odds ratio vs. PBO; 95% CI) was 21.6% for PBO, 38.9% for BRV 100 mg/day (2.39; 1.6-3.6; p < 0.001), and 37.8% for BRV 200 mg/day (2.19; 1.5-3.3; p < 0.001). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) occurred in 155 (59.4%) of 261 PBO patients versus 340 (67.6%) of 503 BRV-treated patients (safety population). Discontinuation rates due to TEAEs were 3.8%, 8.3%, and 6.8% for PBO, BRV 100 mg/day, and BRV 200 mg/day, respectively. Most frequent TEAEs (PBO versus BRV) were somnolence (7.7% vs. 18.1%), dizziness (5.0% vs. 12.3%), and fatigue (3.8% vs. 9.5%). Significance Adjunctive BRV 100 and 200 mg/day was efficacious in reducing POS in adults without concomitant levetiracetam use and was well tolerated. ER  - 
Danish experience with paediatric epilepsy surgery$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy surgery is increasingly used to treat children with medically intractable epilepsy. This study investigates the aetiology and seizure outcome in Danish children operated between 1996 and 2010. Methods: Retrospectively collected data on structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) diagnoses, surgical procedures and seizure outcomes classified according to the Engel Classification were used. Changes over time grouped as 1996-2000, 2001-2005 and 2006-2010 were analysed. Results: A total of 95 children underwent epilepsy surgery. Sixty-three operations were performed in Denmark and 50 abroad. In all, 14 children needed reoperation. The median follow-up period was four years. At the latest follow-up, Engel class I (indicating no disabling seizures) was found in 67% of the patients. Cortical dysplasia, mesial temporal sclerosis and tumour were the most common MRI findings. The percentage of tumours operated decreased over time, and frontal lobe resections increased. In the 2006-2010 period, resections with normal MRI were performed, resulting in a less favourable Engel outcome. Persistent, unexpected complications were seen in three of 113 operations. Conclusions: The majority of children who undergo epilepsy surgery have a good, worthwhile seizure outcome. The seizure outcome for Danish children corresponds to that of other epilepsy surgery centres. The clinical criteria for selection of patients changed over time. ER  - 
The diagnosis and management of brain arteriovenous malformations in a single regional center$$$ Background Cerebral arteriovenous malformations are vascular abnormalities in which arteriovenous shunting occurs through an abnormal vascular network (nidus) in the parenchyma. These lesions typically present by the third decade of life with cerebral bleeding, seizures, headache, or neurologic deficits; however, they are sometimes found incidentally. Methods A retrospective analysis of intracranial AVMs referred to a single regional center, over a 7-year period, was performed to review the clinical presentation, pathologic features and management outcomes from January 2005 to December 2012. Results We identified 142 patients (56% female, age range 4-69 years). Emergency referrals accounted for 87% of the cohort with the most frequent presentation being headache and/or hemorrhage. More than half (52%) of the cases were observed to have a neurologic deficit on examination. The modal Spetzler-Martin Grade was 3 with 76% of lesions located in areas of eloquent brain and 57% of cases in the dominant hemisphere. Half of the cases had multiple feeder vessels, and 29% were associated with aneurysms. The nidus was obliterated in 91% of cases actively managed. Two thirds of patients were successfully treated with a single modality, the most common being embolization. Only 8% of cases were managed conservatively. Additionally, 93% of aneurysms identified were treated successfully. The complication rate was 7% with 2% of reported infection. Conclusions The burden of AVM management is significantly enhanced by the number of emergency referrals. Interestingly, complication rates are higher in the unruptured cohort. Surgical management is the most effective modality, but it carries the highest complication rate. This accompanied by the challenges of AVM anatomy and associated pathology argue for expert service provision in a single center. ER  - 
Determinants of psychosocial difficulties experienced by persons with brain disorders: Towards a 'horizontal epidemiology' approach$$$ Background: Persons with brain disorders experience significant psychosocial difficulties (PSD) in daily life, e.g. problems with managing daily routine or emotional lability, and the level of the PSD depends on social, physical and political environments, and psychologic-personal determinants. Our objective is to determine a brief set of environmental and psychologic-personal factors that are shared determinants of PSD among persons with different brain disorders. Methods: Cross-sectional study, convenience sample of persons with either dementia, stroke, multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, migraine, depression, schizophrenia, substance dependence or Parkinson's disease. Random forest regression and classical linear regression were used in the analyses. Results: 722 subjects were interviewed in four European countries. The brief set of determinants encompasses presence of comorbidities, health status appraisal, stressful life events, personality changes, adaptation, self-esteem, self-worth, built environment, weather, and health problems in the family. Conclusions: The identified brief set of common determinants of PSD can be used to support the implementation of cross-cutting interventions, social actions and policy tools to lower PSD experienced by persons with brain disorders. This set complements a recently proposed reliable and valid direct metric of PSD for brain disorders called PARADISE24. ER  - 
Epilepsy, Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and methylphenidate: Critical examination of guiding evidence$$$ Objective: Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and epilepsy are commonly comorbid; yet in the psychiatric literature, there is a remarkable paucity of guiding evidence regarding the safety and efficacy of treatment using methylphenidate (MPH) in this population. The objective of this review is to critically appraise evidence regarding the treatment of ADHD in the context of seizure disorders in order to better inform management considerations and practices. Method: A comprehensive search of the Central, Embase, Medline, and Web of Science databases identified 349 references. After a thorough review, only nine relevant references contributing new information and providing reliable and interpretable data were identified; seven were prospective studies (two double-blind placebo controlled trials, five open- label trials) and two were retrospective reviews. Prospective studies were then reviewed in detail, critically appraised, and interpreted. Results: All studies reported no increase in seizure rates in a majority of participants after exposure to MPH. MPH was effective in treating ADHD symptoms. However, the following major limitations to the studies impede drawing confident conclusions: small sample sizes, lack of uniformity regarding seizure type and severity, seizure-free period pre­stimulant treatment, and low baseline seizure rates. Conclusions: Given the academic, social, emotional, and functional impact of untreated ADHD, a watchful approach to the use of MPH in children with stable epilepsy who are impaired by ADHD symptoms is justified. ER  - 
Comparing the effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on quality of life$$$ Background: Severe treatment-resistant depression is a neuropsychiatric illness that is chronic, debilitating, and results in decreased quality-of-life (QOL). Research has found that patients with depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) show improved QOL. A newer convulsive therapy, magnetic seizure therapy (MST), uses magnetic pulses to induce a relatively focal seizure for the treatment of depression. MST has been found to have antidepressant effects similar to ECT. Unlike ECT however, MST produces no known adverse cognitive effects. To date, no study has examined the effects of MST on QOL. Thus, the purpose of this study was to compare the effects of an acute course of high-dose MST and right unilateral (RUL) ultrabrief-pulse width ECT on QOL in patients with a current major depressive episode. Methods: This was a three-center, between-subject, randomized, double-masked controlled clinical trial that compared the effects of high dose MST and RUL ultrabrief-pulse ECT on QOL. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. The study was conducted under a US FDA IDE. Adults with a major depressive episode in the context of unipolar or bipolar depression, based on the SCID-I, were randomly assigned to treatment with MST or ECT. For MST, a Magstim Theta (Magstim Co., Whtland, Wales, UK) device with a round coil positioned on the vertex was used to administer the stimulus. Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration, and subsequent treatments were provided at maximal device output (100% stimulator output (252 J), 100 Hz pulse train frequency, 10 second train duration). For ECT, treatments were provided via standard RUL electrode configuration. ECT stimulus was delivered using a Thymatron System IV (pulse amplitude = 900 mA, pulse width = 0.25 ms; Somatics LLC, Lake Bluff, IL) or a MECTA Spectrum 5000Q (pulse amplitude = 800 mA, pulse width = 0.3 ms; MECTA Corp., Tualatin, OR). ECT seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration and frequency. Subsequent treatments were provided at 6 the seizure threshold. Patients were treated until they achieved remission (o8 on the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression) or received a maximum of 14 MST or ECT sessions. To assess QOL, we used the Medical Outcomes Study 36-item Short Form Health Survey (SF-36). The participants, who were masked to treatment condition, completed the SF-36 before and after the acute treatment course. The SF-36 produced 8 domain scores including Physical Function, Role-Physical, Role-Emotional, Energy, Emotional Well Being, Social Function, Pain, and General Overall Health Perception. ANCOVAs were computed for each SF-36 domain score with treatment condition (MST, ECT) as the between-subject factor. We explored effects of covariates including study site, number of treatments, race, and sex. However, the covariates had no effects and were excluded from the statistical analyses. Post-hoc t-tests were used to assess significant main effects. Statistical significance was defined as a two-sided p-value of less than 0.05. Results: In terms of change from baseline to end for both ECT and MST, there was a significant effect of time for seven SF-36 domain scores including Physical Function (F(3,63)=10.5, p <0.0001), Role-Emotional (F(3,63)=5.6, p=0.0002), Energy (F(3,63)=16.0, p <0.0001), Emotional Well Being (F(3,63)=20.5, o0.0001), Social Function (F(3,63)=17.5, p <0.0001), Pain (F(3,63)=5.5, p=0.002), and General Overall Health Perception (F(3,63)=3.0, p=0.04). Only the domain of Role-Physical showed no change across time (F (3,63)=0.9, p=0.4). Patients who received MST relative to those who received ECT showed better outcome in Energy (t63 =-2.56, p=0.01) and Social Function (t63 =-2.03, p=0.005) QOL domains. Conclusions: This is the first study to show that both RUL ultrabrief-pulse ECT, and MST improve quality-of-life in patients with treatment resistant depression. Further, the study showed that patients treated with MST, relative to ECT, showed greater improvement in energy and social function. The latter may be related to the cognitive safety of MST as it is associated with little change in psychomotor processing speed and improved executive function. These findings are consistent with prior research that found ECT to be associated with improved QOL. As those studies provided ECT with either bitemporal or right unilateral placement, and brief pulse width, this study adds new evidence for the advantage of RUL ultrabrief-pulse parameters. Future research is warranted to confirm the improvement in QOL observed with RUL ultrabrief-pulse ECT and MST, and to determine the association with clinical, neurocognitive, and functional outcome. ER  - 
Autoimmune post-herpes simplex encephalitis of adults and teenagers$$$ Objective: To report 14 patients with immune-mediated relapsing symptoms post-herpes simplex encephalitis (HSE) and to compare the clinical and immunologic features of the teenage and adult group with those of young children. Methods: Prospective observational study of patients diagnosed between June 2013 and February 2015. Immunologic techniques have been reported previously. Results: Among the teenage and adult group (8 patients, median age 40 years, range 13-69; 5 male), 3 had an acute symptom presentation suggesting a viral relapse, and 5 a presentation contiguous with HSE suggesting a recrudescence of previous deficits. Seven patients developed severe psychiatric/behavioral symptoms disrupting all social interactions, and one refractory status epilepticus. Blepharospasm occurred in one patient. Five patients had CSF antibodies against NMDA receptor (NMDAR) and 3 against unknown neuronal cell surface proteins. In 5/6 patients, the brain MRI showed new areas of contrast enhancement that decreased after immunotherapy and clinical improvement. Immunotherapy was useful in 7/7 patients, sometimes with impressive recoveries, returning to their baseline HSE residual deficits. Compared with the 6 younger children (median age 13 months, range 6-20, all with NMDAR antibodies), the teenagers and adults were less likely to develop choreoathetosis (0/8 vs 6/6, p , 0.01) and decreased level of consciousness (2/8 vs 6/6, p , 0.01) and had longer delays in diagnosis and treatment (interval relapse/antibody testing 85 days, range 17-296, vs 4 days, range 0-33, p 5 0.037). Conclusion: In teenagers and adults, the immune-mediated relapsing syndrome post-HSE is different from that known in young children as choreoathetosis post-HSE and is underrecognized. Prompt diagnosis is important because immunotherapy can be highly effective. ER  - 
IV thrombolysis in patients with ischemic stroke and alcohol abuse$$$ Objective: To determine whether chronic alcohol consumption or acute alcohol intoxication affects the rate of IV thrombolysis (IVT) and associated risk of symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage (SICH) in patients with acute ischemic stroke (IS). Methods: We analyzed data from the nationwide Austrian Stroke Unit Registry for all patients with IS admitted to one of 35 stroke units between 2004 and 2014. We compared demographic and clinical characteristics for patients with chronic alcohol consumption (>2 drinks/d) or acute intoxication and for patients without these factors and their rates of IVT and associated SICH. Results: We identified 47,422 patients with IS. Of these patients, 3,999 (8.5%) consumed alcohol chronically and 216 (0.5%) presented with acute intoxication. Alcohol abusers were younger, more frequently men, and less often functionally disabled before the index event. Stroke severity was comparable between alcoholic and nonalcoholic IS patients. Nevertheless, patients who abused alcohol were less likely to receive IVT (16.6% vs 18.9%) and this difference remained after accounting for possible confounders. Rates of SICH after IVT were not increased in patients who abused alcohol (2.1% vs 3.7%, p 0.04). Multivariate analysis including age, NIH Stroke Scale score, and time from symptom onset to IVT treatment showed that alcohol abuse was not an independent risk factor for SICH and was not protective (odds ratio 0.73, 95% confidence interval 0.43-1.25, p 0.2). Conclusions: IS patients with chronic alcohol consumption or acute intoxication have decreased likelihood of receiving IVT and are not at an increased risk of associated SICH. This supports current practice guidelines, which do not list chronic alcohol consumption or acute intoxication as an exclusion criterion. ER  - 
Social, Psychological and Financial Burden on Caregivers of Children with Chronic Illness: A Cross-sectional Study$$$ Objectives: To explore social, psychological and financial burden on caregivers of chronically diseased children. Methods: Participants were recruited from ambulatory and hospital areas in pediatrics department following informed consent. Parents who were caregivers of children 18y or below in age with chronic illness were included. Socio-demographic details were collected using a semi structured questionnaire, adapted from Family Burden Interview Schedule (FBIS). The psychological well-being of caregivers was assessed using Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) and Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD-7). Descriptive analysis and ANOVA was done for comparing mean scores of responses to analyze financial, psychological and social burden across different diagnosis. Results: A total of 204 (89 females:115 males) participated. Only 27% were receiving some benefits from government or hospital side. No depressive symptoms were reported by 25% caregivers, while 37% reported mild and 38% moderate to severe depressive symptoms. No anxiety symptoms were reported by 33%, while 50% reported mild and 17% moderate to severe anxiety symptoms. No association was seen between gender of the caregiver and depressive or anxiety symptoms. Significantly higher financial and social burden was seen in cerebral palsy and cancer groups vis-a-vis other diseases, being least in thalassemia. Disruption of routine life was highest in cancer group caregivers followed by those in cerebral palsy group. Conclusions: Most caregivers reported moderate depressive symptoms and mild to moderate anxiety symptoms. Cerebral palsy caused more social and financial burden on family vis-a-vis thalassemia. Social and financial burden on families of remaining diseases was comparable. ER  - 
Flexible ureteroscopic laser lithotripsy for upper urinary tract stone disease in patients with spinal cord injury$$$ The objective of this study is to present the outcomes of flexible ureteroscopic laser lithotripsy (URS) for upper urinary tract stone disease in spinal cord injury (SCI) patients performed by a single surgeon. A retrospective analysis was performed for SCI patients treated with flexible URS for proximal ureter and kidney stone disease by a single surgeon between 2003 and 2013. Patient characteristics, operative outcomes, metabolic evaluation, and stone analyses were assessed in detail. A total of 27 URS procedures were performed for urolithiasis in 21 renal units of 19 patients. The mean age was 52.1 ± 15.6 years (16–72) and mean BMI was 29.2 ± 7.3 kg/m2 (20–45.7). Etiology of SCI was trauma (n: 10), multiple sclerosis (n: 6), cerebrovascular accident (n: 1), or undetermined (n: 2). The mean stone size was 15.9 ± 8.6 (6–40) mm. In the 27 URS procedures, stones were located in the ureter (n: 5), the kidney (n: 14), and both areas (n: 8). Mean hospitalization time was 2.0 ± 2.4 (0–10) days. Postoperative complications were observed in 6 cases (22.2 %). Three major complications included urosepsis (n: 1) and respiratory failure (n: 2), that were observed postoperatively and required admission to the intensive care unit. The 2 minor complications were hypotension, fever and UTI, and required medical treatment. Fourteen (66.6 %) of the 21 renal units were stone free. Calcium phosphate carbonate (n: 9) and struvite (n: 5) were the primary stone compositions detected. Hypocitraturia (n: 6), hypercalciuria (n: 5), hypernaturia (n: 5), hyperoxaluria (n: 4), and hyperuricosuria (n: 1) were common abnormalities in 24-h urine analysis. Ureteroscopic laser lithotripsy can be an effective treatment modality for SCI patients with upper urinary tract calculi. ER  - 
Synthetic Cannabinoid Abuse in Adolescents: A Case Series$$$ Background Synthetic cannabinoids, referred to as "Bonzai" in Turkey, are relatively new recreational drugs of abuse. Although the use of synthetic cannabinoids has been dramatically increasing in young populations in many countries, their adverse effects are not well known. Objectives To report on the clinical features and social history of pediatric patients with a diagnosis of synthetic cannabinoid intoxication and to highlight the dangers of these drugs to public health. Methods We retrospectively reviewed 16 cases presenting to our Emergency Department (ED) with synthetic cannabinoid intoxication in the last 10 months. Usage characteristics and the psychoactive, physical, and metabolic effects of synthetic cannabinoids were analyzed. Results The mean age of the 16 patients with a diagnosis of synthetic cannabinoid intoxication was 15.4 ± 1.7 years (15 males, 1 female). The most common physical symptoms were eye redness, nausea/vomiting, sweating, and altered mental status; the main psychoactive findings were agitation, anxiety, hallucinations, and perceptual changes. We observed hypotension and bradycardia in 8 (50%) and 5 (31.3%) of the patients, respectively. Although most patients were discharged from the ED, 25% were transferred to an intensive care unit. They all had reduced school attendance and performance. The rates of cigarette smoking and alcohol drinking were also significantly higher. Conclusion Synthetic cannabinoids are unsafe and potentially harmful drugs of abuse; they may even cause life-threatening effects. It is important for pediatricians to be familiar with the signs and symptoms of consumption of synthetic cannabinoid products. Education of parents, teachers, and adolescents about the potential health risks of using these products is essential. ER  - 
Issues and promise in clinical studies of botanicals with anticonvulsant potential$$$ Botanicals are increasingly used by people with epilepsy worldwide. However, despite abundant preclinical data on the anticonvulsant properties of many herbal remedies, there are very few human studies assessing safety and efficacy of these products in epilepsy. Additionally, the methodology of most of these studies only marginally meets the requirements of evidence-based medicine. Although the currently available evidence for the use of cannabinoids in epilepsy is similarly lacking, several carefully designed and well controlled industry-sponsored clinical trials of cannabis derivatives are planned to be completed in the next couple of years, providing the needed reliable data for the use of these products. The choice of the best botanical candidates with anticonvulsant properties and their assessment in well-designed clinical trials may significantly improve our ability to effectively and safely treat patients with epilepsy. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "Botanicals for Epilepsy". ER  - 
Cognitive impairment in adults with epilepsy: The relationship between subjective and objective assessments of cognition$$$ Aim: This study aimed to assess the relationship between objective measures of cognition and subjective perception of cognitive functioning reported by patients with epilepsy and their caregivers. Methods: One hundred patients with epilepsy attending hospital neurology outpatient clinics and their caregivers were enrolled in this study. The EpiTrack® (version 1) brief cognitive screening tool was used to measure objective impairment, the ABNAS questionnaire (A-B Neuropsychological Assessment Schedule) to assess subjective cognitive performance, and a version of the ABNAS designed to be completed by caregivers (C-ABNAS) to document caregivers' views. Patient anxiety and depression were measured using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and considered as covariates. Patients with an uncertain diagnosis of epilepsy or likely severe comorbid mood or anxiety disorders were excluded. Results: Data from 82 patients were analyzed after exclusion of patients with uncertain diagnoses or likely severe comorbid mood or anxiety disorders. Fifty-nine (72%) had a degree of objective cognitive impairment. Fifty (84.7%) of these 59 patients had 'high' ABNAS scores concordant with the objective assessment, and 43 (72.9%) had high C-ABNAS scores matching the abnormalities detected by objective screening. Of the 23 (28%) patients without objective cognitive impairment, seven (30.4%) had concordantly low ABNAS scores, and 10 (43.4%) had concordantly low C-ABNAS scores. Patient memory impairment was more often reported by patients themselves than by caregivers (p. =. 0.011). Carers were significantly more likely to rate patients as having impaired motor coordination than patients themselves.A small part of the variance of the EpiTrack score was predicted by the C-ABNAS.Objective cognitive performance did not predict ABNAS or C-ABNAS scores. Conclusions: Self-report or caregiver report questionnaires identify patients with epilepsy and objective cognitive impairment more accurately than patients with intact cognition. Those without objective evidence of cognitive impairment may, nevertheless, perceive themselves as having memory dysfunction; it is these patients, therefore, who most require both subjective and objective assessments of cognition, including carers' assessments, in order to establish the nature of their symptoms. None of these assessment measures can be used as a reliable proxy for another, each contributes individually to a comprehensive assessment of cognition, and all must be used in conjunction with measures of mood and anxiety. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in children - Psychological presentation, treatment, and short-term outcomes$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to better understand the etiologies, features, and care outcomes of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) in a pediatric setting. Method: We performed a retrospective analysis of 32 sequentially referred children for suspected PNESs to a neurology psychology service over a 6-year period. After excluding non-PNES paroxysmal events (related to anxiety or migraine), 29 patients were identified with final diagnosis of PNESs. Charts were examined for presenting symptom data, demographics, comorbidities, neurological diagnoses and investigations, as well as psychological assessment, management, and outcome. Treatment consisted of education around diagnosis and of individual psychological treatment, which, in most cases, was cognitive behavioral therapy up to 14 sessions. Additional mental health services including psychiatric medication, family therapy, and admission to day or inpatient treatment were also utilized in a smaller number of cases. Total treatment periods ranged from 4. weeks to 12. months. Results: The majority of patients identified were adolescent (90%), Caucasian (72%), and female (76%). Preceding psychology referral, point of entry into medical care for PNESs was primarily through the emergency department (66%) or outpatient neurology clinic referral (31%). Whereas 39% of parents described significant internalizing symptoms in their child (BASC-2), patients themselves tended to underreport anxiety or depression as demonstrated by only 16% endorsement on the BYI-II. By contrast, MACI personality assessment response patterns for adolescents demonstrated high levels of psychic tension/anxiety (65%), depressive affect (55%), and maladaptive personality traits including inhibition (45%), submissiveness (35%), and introversion (30%). Appropriate psychological treatment was associated with high rates of full remission (no new events, n. = 17, 59%) and partial remission (50% or greater reduction in events, n. = 6, 21%) as self-reported at discharge. Accurate diagnosis and referral to psychology also led to a sevenfold reduction in PNES-related emergency department visits one year after initial psychology visit compared with the preceding year. Conclusions: This study suggests that appropriate care for PNESs reduces inappropriate medical investigation and therapy, expedites rates of remission, and decreases health-care utilization in a pediatric setting. ER  - 
Association of knowledge about epilepsy with mood and self-efficacy in Korean people with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We determined the level of knowledge about epilepsy in Korean people with epilepsy (PWE) and evaluated whether this is associated with self-efficacy, perceived stigma, anxiety, and depressive mood in these patients. Methods: This was a cross-sectional multicenter study. A total of 530 PWE participated from 31 secondary or tertiary hospitals in Korea. Knowledge about epilepsy was assessed using 34 medical items (EKP-M) of the Epilepsy Knowledge Profile-General. Additional questionnaires included the Epilepsy Self-Efficacy Scale (ESES), Stigma Scale, and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). Multiple linear regression analyses were used. Results: The mean EKP-M score was 22.2 (SD: 4.1). By univariate analyses, the EKP-M was related to ESES (r = 0.220, p. < 0.001) and HADS-D (r = - 0.154, p. < 0.001) scores but not to the Stigma Scale or HADS-A. By linear regression analyses, after adjusting for the confounding variables, the higher EKP-M scores were independently related to both higher ESES (p. < 0.001) and lower HADS-D scores (p. < 0.05). Conclusion: Korean PWE have a relatively low level of knowledge about their condition. Knowledge about epilepsy is associated with a high level of self-efficacy and less depressive symptoms in affected individuals. ER  - 
Symptoms of anxiety and depression in school-aged children with active epilepsy: A population-based study$$$ Methods: Children (5-15 years) with active epilepsy were screened using the parent-report (n = 69) and self-report (n = 48) versions of the Spence Children's Anxiety Scale (SCAS) and the self-report version of the Children's Depression Inventory (CDI) (n = 48) in a population-based sample. Results: A total of 32.2% of children (self-report) and 15.2% of children (parent-report) scored ≥ 1 SD above the mean on the SCAS total score. The subscales where most difficulty were reported on parent-report were Physical Injury and Separation Anxiety. There was less variation on self-report. On the CDI, 20.9% of young people scored ≥ 1 SD above the mean. Children reported significantly more symptoms of anxiety on the SCAS total score and three of the subscales (p < .05). There was a significant effect on the SCAS total score of respondents by seizure type interaction, suggesting higher scores on SCAS for children with generalized seizures on self- but not parent-report. Higher CDI scores were significantly associated with generalized seizures (p > .05). Summary: Symptoms of anxiety were more common based on self-report compared with parent-report. Children with generalized seizures reported more symptoms of depression and anxiety. ER  - 
An open-label, prospective, exploratory study of patients with epilepsy switching from levetiracetam to brivaracetam$$$ We evaluated nonpsychotic behavioral adverse events (BAEs) in patients receiving levetiracetam (LEV) who switched to brivaracetam (BRV). Patients ≥ 16 years of age, receiving 2-3 antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), including LEV 1-3 g/day, and experiencing BAEs within 16 weeks of LEV treatment initiation, enrolled in an open-label Phase 3b study (NCT01653262) comprising a ≤ 1-week screening period, an immediate switch from LEV to BRV 200 mg/day (without titration), and a 12-week treatment period. The percentages of patients with investigator-assessed clinically meaningful reduction in BAEs, shift in maximum BAE intensity, and change in health-related quality of life (HRQoL) (Patient-Weighted Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-Form 31 [QOLIE-31-P]) were assessed. Of 29 patients enrolled, 26 (89.7%) completed the study. At the end of the treatment period, 27/29 (93.1%) patients switched to BRV had clinically meaningful reductions in BAEs. Physicians reported a reduction in the maximum intensity of primary BAEs in 27/29 (93.1%) patients. Mean change from baseline to Week 12 in QOLIE-31-P total score was 12.1, indicating improved HRQoL. During the treatment period, 23/29 (79.3%) patients reported treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). One patient reported a serious TEAE (suicidal ideation and suicide attempt). Two patients discontinued BRV because of TEAEs. Findings from this small study suggest that patients experiencing BAEs associated with LEV may benefit from switching to BRV. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression and anxiety among patients with epilepsy attending the epilepsy clinic at Sheikh Khalifa Medical City, UAE: A cross-sectional study$$$ Depression and anxiety are highly prevalent in patients with epilepsy (PWE), with prevalence rates ranging from 20% to 55%. Unfortunately, the rates, patterns, and risk factors have not been well studied in the Middle East and, to our knowledge, have not been studied at all in the UAE. We screened 186 patients attending an epilepsy clinic using standardized screening tools to determine the rates of both depression and anxiety and compared these rates with that of age- and sex-matched controls. Almost one-third of our patients scored in the depression and anxiety ranges, which was significantly higher compared with the age- and sex-matched controls. Using a multiregression model, none of the studied variables were associated with an increased risk of having either disorder. Depression or anxiety symptoms independently and significantly increased the risk of association with the other disorder. Almost two-thirds of patients with depression and anxiety were not prescribed antidepressant or antianxiety medications. ER  - 
Sleep hygiene and its association with mood and quality of life in people with epilepsy$$$ Objectives: We determined whether sleep hygiene is directly related to mood and quality of life (QoL) in people with epilepsy and, if not, documented the indirect effects of sleep hygiene through sleep quality. Methods: Data were collected from 150 adults with epilepsy. The Sleep Hygiene Index (SHI), Quality of Life in Epilepsy-10 (QOLIE-10), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), Sleep Problems Index-2 (SPI-2) of the Medical Outcomes Study-Sleep Scale, and Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) were used. To determine the direct and indirect associations between SHI, mood, and QoL, multiple linear regression analyses and the Sobel test were performed. Results: Inadequate sleep hygiene behaviors were answered affirmatively by ≥. 15% of the participants represented by 6 out of 13 items of the SHI. A younger age was independently related to higher SHI scores (p = 0.013). The higher SHI scores were directly related to lower QoL independent of sleep quality, anxiety, and depressive symptoms (p < 0.05) but not independently related to anxiety and depressive symptoms. The Sobel test confirmed that the SHI scores were associated with anxiety and depressive symptoms through sleep quality (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Inadequate sleep hygiene is independently related to low QoL but indirectly related to anxiety and depressive symptoms through sleep quality. Patients of a younger age are at risk of poorer sleep hygiene. ER  - 
Neurobiological origin of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A review of imaging studies$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are relatively common occurrences in epilepsy centers. Pathophysiology of PNES is still poorly understood. In this paper, the evidence for a neurobiological origin of PNES will be reviewed. Recent evidence suggests altered functional and structural brain connectivity as an underlying pathophysiological mechanism in patients with PNES. Pursuing the concept of connectome in patients with PNES and comparing the findings with healthy individuals may result in a breakthrough in identifying the exact neurobiological origin of PNES. Finding the neurobiological bases and identification of biomarkers of PNES will potentially have important clinical implications in formulating better diagnostic and therapeutic approaches for affected patients. ER  - 
When Is EEG Indicated in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder?$$$ The authors investigated the parameters for predicting epileptiform abnormalities in a group of children diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The sample consisted of 148 subjects aged between 6 and 13 (8.76 ± 1.26; 25.7% female) years. Subtypes of ADHD and comorbid psychiatric disorders were defined according to DSM-IV criteria. The Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-Revised was applied to all patients. Most of the subjects (89.2%) had wakefulness and sleep electroencephalography examinations lasting about one hour. The authors found out that the coexistence of speech sound disorder (odds ratio [OR] 3.90, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.61-9.48) and higher Digit Span test performance (OR 1.24, 95% CI: 1.06-1.44) predicted the presence of accompanying epileptiform abnormalities. The prevalence of epileptiform abnormalities was 26.4%, and they were frequently localized in the frontal (41%) and centrotemporal (28.2%) regions. Higher percentage of speech sound disorder co-occurrence (64%) in subjects with rolandic spikes suggests that epileptiform abnormalities associated with ADHD can be determined genetically at least in some cases. Pathophysiology of epileptiform abnormalities in ADHD might have complex genetic and maturational background. ER  - 
New approach for analyzing self-reporting of insomnia symptoms reveals a high rate of comorbid insomnia across a wide spectrum of chronic diseases$$$ Background: Insomnia is increasingly recognized to be comorbid with one or more medical conditions. This study used an online research platform to characterize insomnia across different mental and physical conditions. Methods: A custom cross-sectional survey was fielded online to 31,208 users of the patient community PatientsLikeMe. The survey queried members on National Sleep Foundation-defined insomnia risk (waking up feeling unrefreshed, difficulty falling asleep, waking in the middle of the night, or waking too early). Results: Complete results were obtained from 5256 patients with 11 comorbid conditions. Seventy-six percent of US-based respondents were at risk for insomnia. Patients who reported difficulty falling asleep were found to have nearly twice the odds of self-reporting insomnia (odds ratio [OR]: 1.84; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.5-2.1) when compared to those who do not have difficulty falling asleep, whereas those who reported waking during the night or waking up unrefreshed were no more likely (OR: 1.025 and 1.032, respectively) to report that they suffered from insomnia than those who did not experience these issues. Although insomnia was self-reported as severe or very severe across most conditions, few respondents had actually been diagnosed with insomnia by a physician. After adjustment for age and gender, there was an independent and strong effect of primary condition severity on insomnia risk, and those with severe epilepsy (0.93), depressive disorders (0.92), and fibromyalgia (0.92) occupied the highest risk probabilities. Conclusions: The high rate of severity and frequency of insomnia across a multitude of mental and physical conditions reveals an opportunity for better disease management through enhanced insomnia awareness. ER  - 
Management of convulsive status epilepticus in children$$$ Convulsive status epilepticus (CSE) is the commonest neurological emergency in children, and is potentially life-threatening. The main principles of management encompass good basic life support, terminating the seizure with suitable drugs, and identifying and treating the underlying cause. The outcome is dependent on the aetiology of CSE and the duration of seizure. National resuscitation guidelines in the United Kingdom now focus on the importance of rapid recognition and treatment of CSE, with appropriate escalation of care involving intensive care at an earlier stage. In recent years, use of other drugs are being explored in various centres as part of the acute management of CSE including sodium valproate, levetiracetam and lacosamide. This ongoing research will provide further fundamental evidence-based information in shaping future guidelines for the optimal management of CSE in children. ER  - 
Subjective sleep dysfunction and insomnia symptoms in Parkinson's disease: Insights from a cross-sectional evaluation of the French CoPark cohort$$$ Introduction: Twenty-seven to 80% of patients with Parkinson's Disease (PD) complain of subjective sleep dysfunction and insomnia symptoms. Our aim is to describe the prevalence and features of subjective sleep dysfunction and insomnia symptoms in patients with PD compared to other patients. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of 636 adult PD patients compared to 143 age and sex-matched non-PD control patients consulting their general practitioners. Insomnia symptoms and other sleep features were assessed by the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), a global score > 5 defining impaired sleep. The Chi-square test or the Student's t-test were used to assess the potential clinical and demographic differences between groups and between PD patients with vs. without sleep dysfunction. Logistic regression analysis was employed to test multivariate effects. Results: Sleep dysfunction and insomnia symptoms were more frequent in PD patients compared to control patients (63 vs. 45%, p = 0.001). Female gender, PD duration, presence of depression and anxiety were associated with the presence of insomnia in PD. Subjective sleep efficiency, habitual sleep quality, sleep disturbance and daytime dysfunction, but not sleep latency, were reduced in PD patients compared to controls. Conclusions: The prevalence of sleep dysfunction is higher in PD than in other general medical conditions. Insomnia in PD seems to affect sleep maintenance and consolidation, but not sleep onset. ER  - 
Changes in balance function with chronic antiepileptic drug therapy: A twin and sibling study$$$ Objective To investigate cross-sectional and longitudinal differences in static and dynamic standing balance measures and lower limb muscle strength in patients who are treated chronically with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Methods Twenty-six AED exposure-discordant same-gender twin and sibling pairs were studied. Clinical and laboratory balance examinations were conducted twice, separated by at least 1 year. The mean within-pair differences in balance measures were calculated cross-sectionally at baseline and follow-up, and longitudinally. Results No significant mean within-pair difference was found at baseline in age (44 years), weight, and height (p > 0.05). Between study assessments, the median (interquartile range [IQR]) interval was 3.0 (2.1-4.3) years in users and 2.9 (2.0-4.4) years in nonusers. The median duration of AED therapy was 19 (11-21) years. At baseline and follow-up, cross-sectional sway measures from posturography (Chattecx Balance System) and clinical static balance tests showed poorer performance in users compared to nonusers on several test conditions (p = 0.002-0.032). At follow-up, the users took longer than nonusers to complete the Four-Square-Step Test (p = 0.005) and Five-Times-Sit-to-Stand Test (p = 0.018). A greater annual rate of deterioration in sway was found in users compared to nonusers using posturography on the anteroposterior tilting platform task with distraction (p = 0.032). In both groups, higher baseline sway predicted greater annual deterioration in sway in all platform conditions (β = 0.3-0.5, p < 0.001-0.013). The annual change in measures did not differ between groups in the clinical balance and lower limb strength assessments. Significance In this longitudinal twin and sibling study, chronic AED users had poorer standing balance compared to nonusers. Users showed greater deterioration in postural sway with one dynamic platform condition. AEDs may progressively impair balance mechanisms, although this requires further investigations. Repeated dynamic posturography could provide a basis for preventive trials for maintaining or improving balance. ER  - 
The Additional Cost Burden of Preexisting Medical Conditions during Pregnancy and Childbirth$$$ Objectives: To identify the prevalence of comorbidities in pregnant women and examine the incremental costs of these conditions on the care for mothers and their newborns. Methods: This was a retrospective comparative cohort study of women ages 15-49 years with a documented live-birth delivery using de-identified claims from the MarketScan Research Commercial Claims and Encounters database incurred between January 1, 2007, and December 31, 2011. Total health care costs from date of first pregnancy-related claim through 3 months postdelivery were reported; pregnancy-related comorbidities prior to the pregnancy diagnosis were identified and categorized in the 12 months prior to the pregnancy diagnosis, and costs associated with each condition were compiled. A subset of newborns was matched to their mothers using a unique family identifier and their costs were captured for the three months following birth. Comparisons of costs for both mothers and newborns were made using both unadjusted and multivariate analyses between mothers with and without each condition. Results: A total of 322,141 women with live births were identified; 135,572 of these mothers were linked to their newborn(s). Prevalent conditions included back disorders (8.9%), mental disorders (6.5%), headache (5.5%), allergic rhinitis (5.5%), and osteoarthritis (4.8%). Diabetes (0.97%) and hypertension (1.9%) were associated with the highest adjusted incremental costs of care in both mothers ($6,211 [95% confidence interval 5,720-6,702] and $3,367 [95% CI 2,935-3,799] respectively) and newborns ($2,067 [95% CI 1,515-2618]; and $1,210 [95% CI 725-1,695] respectively). The two most common conditions, back disorders and mental disorders, were associated with unadjusted costs of $1,895/$978 (mothers/infants) and $2,097/$1,902 (mothers/infants) respectively. Conclusion: Preexisting conditions common in pregnant women may result in additional resource utilization and costs for both mothers and newborns. ER  - 
Emotional-Behavioral Functioning of Children Enrolled in the Chronic Kidney Disease in Children (CKiD) Cohort Study$$$ Background: CKiD is a longitudinal study examining medical, neurocognitive, and psychosocial outcomes for children with mild to moderate CKD ages 1-16 years at study entry. Little is known about how CKD affects emotional-behavioral functioning (EBF), although data from the CKiD study indicate that these children are at increased risk of attention and executive functioning deficits. In one of the largest studies to date, we report EBF of participants at baseline and over time. Methods: Parents of participants completed the Behavior Assessment System for Children (BASC-2) at baseline and every 2 years. 835 participants had BASC-2 data, including 797 at baseline. Linear mixed models predicted participants' scores on BASC-2 summary measures (Internalizing, Externalizing, Behavioral Symptoms Index, Adaptive Skills) and selected clinical scales (Depression, Attention Problems). Analyses controlled for key demographic (age, sex, ethnicity, maternal education, household income, Full Scale IQ) and medical (GFR, hypertension [HTN], low birth weight, anemia, seizures, proteinuria, glomerular diagnosis, time since CKD onset) covariates. Results: Children with mild to moderate CKD have EBF scores generally within normal limits at baseline and over time. At baseline, the proportion with scores at least 1 SD above the mean was 24% for internalizing problems and 27% for attention problems, higher than would be expected in a typical sample. In an adjusted linear mixed model, persistent hypertension was related to attention problems (β = 1.81, 95% CI = 0.40-3.21, p<.02). Conclusions: Children with mild to moderate CKD have parent-reported EBF that is within normal limits, at baseline and over time. However, the proportion with scores more than one SD above the mean is higher than would be expected, suggesting that this population may be at slightly increased risk for internalizing symptoms and attention problems, particularly in the context of HTN, which was associated with increased risk of parent-reported attention problems. ER  - 
Examining the levels of BDNF and cortisol in children and adolescent victims of sexual abuse$$$ INTRODUCTION: Glucocorticoids act through glucocorticoid receptors (GR) found in high concentrations in the amygdala and the hippocampus. In GR-mediated molecular activation, the brain-derived neurotropic factor (BDNF)-mediated signal pathway is required for memory consolidation. BDNF expression in the central nervous system is modified by various brain traumas including stress, ischemia, epileptic seizures, and hypoglycemia. Glucocorticoids play a role in the regulation of BDNF. In the rat hippocampus, stimulation of mineralocorticoid receptors (MR) increases the level of BDNF, while stimulation of glucocorticoid receptors (GR) decreases the BDNF levels1. As mentioned above, trauma affects growth factors and the HPA axis. There are limited studies in the literature that have investigated the relationship between cortisol and BDNF levels in child and adolescent victims of sexual abuse. The present study compares the levels of BDNF, cortisol, and ACTH between child and adolescent victims of sexual abuse with those who have no trauma history. METHOD: Study Sample: The study was conducted in the Department of Child Psychiatry at Dicle University. The study included a total of 44 children (M/F: 12/32) between the ages of 8 and 17 years who had experienced child sexual abuse and 42 age- and gender-matched children (M/F: 12/30) as control group. The study data were collected between December 2011 and April 2012. Children who achieved an intelligence score below 70 points, who had significant neurological or medical disorders, who received oral contraceptives, had previous or current cortisol therapy, vitamins, and those who showed morbid obesity or active infection were excluded in order to prevent interference with the biochemical parameters. The patients were evaluated by two psychiatrists. The parents provided informed consent in order for their children to participate in the study. Approval for the study was obtained from the Non-Interventional Clinical Research Ethics Committee at Dicle University Faculty of Medicine. Sociodemographic features of the participants were obtained and a clinical data form was completed. This was followed by collection of a 2 ml venous blood sample for biochemical tests. Sociodemographic Data and Clinical Data Form: This form included questions about age, gender, education level, age of the parents, number of siblings, history of psychiatric disorders or substance abuse in the relatives, height, weight, and body mass index (BMI), type of abuse, duration and frequency of abuse, relationship with the abuser, and abuse history. Biochemical Analysis: The blood samples were obtained in the morning between 10:00 and 12:00 AM. Cortisol, ACTH, and BDNF levels were evaluated using the ELISA. Statistical Analysis: The statistical analysis was performed using SPSS 15.0 software package. A p-value below 0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: The mean age was 13.1±2.7 years (range: 8-17 years) among the victims of sexual abuse. In the control group, the mean age was 13.8±2.9 years (range: 8-17 years). The sexual abuse group consisted of 12 males and 32 females, and the control group consisted of 12 males and 30 females. The duration of education was lower and the mean number of siblings was higher in the victims of sexual abuse and their parents compared to the control group (p=0.02, p<0.001, p<0.001, and p<0.001, respectively). There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of the history of psychiatric disease in family members or relatives and smoking status (p>0.05). There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of height, weight, and BMI (p>0.05). Regarding the parameters related to sexual abuse, 64% (n=28) of the victims had experienced sexual abuse involving penetration. Of the victims, 52% (n=23) had experienced a single assault and 48% (n=21) multiple assaults. 23% (n=10) had experienced sexual abuse within the family (incestuous) and 77% (n=34) sexual abuse committed by non-related persons. Of all cases, 82% (n=36) were smokers and 18% (n=8) were non-smokers. Cortisol levels were significantly higher in the sexual abuse group compared to the control group (p<0.001). Albeit statistically insignificant, ACTH levels were higher in the sexual abuse group compared to the control group (p=0.10). Consistent with these findings, the ACTH/Cortisol ratio was lower (p<0.001). BDNF levels were significantly lower in the sexual abuse group compared to the control group (p=0.04). The mean time that elapsed from the first sexual abuse until the date of examination was 22.72±21.72 months (range: 2-120 months). The evaluation of the relationship between this time span and cortisol levels revealed that cortisol levels decreased as this time interval increased (r=-0.271, p=0.03). In the sexual abuse group, there was no relationship between the presence of penetration and cortisol, ACTH, and BDNF levels. Cortisol and BDNF levels were lower in the victims of multiple sexual assaults (p=0.03 and p=0.04, respectively). Cortisol and ACTH levels were lower in the victims of sexual abuse within the family; however, BDNF did not show a significant difference (p=0.03, p=0.049, p=0.11). DISCUSSION: One of the most important findings of the present study was that high cortisol levels were observed in the sexual abuse group. Furthermore, cortisol levels decreased as time elapsed, while trauma increased. The majority of the studies conducted on child and adolescent victims of trauma were found to have elevated non-stress cortisol levels. However, a meta-analysis of retrospective studies in patients that experienced chronic stress was found them to have decreased non-stress cortisol levels. This decrease in cortisol levels over time is referred to as the “attenuation hypothesis”. The second most important finding of the present study was lower BDNF levels observed in the sexual abuse group. In human studies, BDNF levels were lower in depressed women who were survivors of childhood physical abuse. BDNF levels were also lower in bipolar patients who had a history of trauma in childhood. The inverse relationship between memory performance and childhood sexual abuse was found to be associated with apolipoprotein E gene alleles. There are studies that implicated BDNF in the relationship between trauma and schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, PTSD, and depression2. In animal studies, stress was suggested to be associated with changes in the functions and structure of the hippocampus through decreased neurogenesis, increased glucocorticoids, and/or decreased BDNF. In general, studies conducted on patients with PTSD have found lower BDNF levels compared to the control group3. There are also studies suggesting no change or even an increase in BDNF levels. In the sexual abuse group, the presence of penetration had no effect on cortisol and BDNF levels. However, both cortisol and BDNF levels were lower in victims that experienced multiple sexual assaults. Cortisol levels were lower in victims of sexual abuse within the family. The effects of stress on cognitive functions and psychopathological processes are related to gender, type of stress, frequency, controllability, and predictability. In conclusion, the present study found elevated cortisol levels and decreased BDNF levels in child and adolescent victims of sexual abuse. Interestingly, cortisol levels decreased with increasing time after trauma. Furthermore, some factors related to trauma such as sexual abuse within the family and multiple assaults were found to have affected cortisol and BDNF levels. The results of the present study suggest that cortisol and BDNF could be biological molecular mediators of trauma on biological and psychological systems. While this is the first report on the effects of cortisol and BDNF-induced trauma in child and adolescent victims of sexual abuse, longitudinal studies with larger samples size are required to validate the findings of the current study. ER  - 
Sensory modulation disorders in childhood epilepsy$$$ Background: Altered sensory sensitivity is generally linked to seizure-susceptibility in childhood epilepsy but may also be associated to the highly prevalent problems in behavioral adaptation. This association is further suggested by the frequent overlap of childhood epilepsy with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), conditions in which altered behavioral responses to sensory stimuli have been firmly established. A continuum of sensory processing defects due to imbalanced neuronal inhibition and excitation across these disorders has been hypothesizedthat may lead to common symptoms of inadequate modulation of behavioral responses to sensory stimuli. Here, we investigated the prevalence of sensory modulation disorders among children with epilepsy and their relation with symptomatology of neurodevelopmental disorders. Methods: We used the Sensory Profile questionnaire to assess behavioral responses to sensory stimuli and categorize sensory modulation disorders in children with active epilepsy (aged 4-17 years). We related these outcomes to epilepsy characteristics and tested their association with comorbid symptoms of ASD (Social Responsiveness Scale) and ADHD (Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire). Results: Sensory modulation disorders were reported in 49 % of the 158 children. Children with epilepsy reported increased behavioral responses associated with sensory "sensitivity," "sensory avoidance," and "poor registration" but not "sensory seeking." Comorbidity of ASD and ADHD was associated with more severe sensory modulation problems, although 27 % of typically developing children with epilepsy also reported a sensory modulation disorder. Conclusions: Sensory modulation disorders are an under-recognized problem in children with epilepsy. The extent of the modulation difficulties indicates a substantial burden on daily functioning and may explain an important part of the behavioral distress associated with childhood epilepsy. ER  - 
Depression among people with epilepsy in Northwest Ethiopia: a cross-sectional institution based study$$$ BACKGROUND: Epilepsy is the world's most common neurological disorder, affecting approximately 50 million people worldwide and contributed to different psychiatric illness. Depression is one of the most frequent co morbid psychiatric disorders that affects the life of the patients'. This study aimed to assess the prevalence of depression and associated factors among epileptic patients attending the outpatient department of the University of Gondar Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia, 2014. METHODS: Institution based quantitative cross--sectional study was conducted among 405 individual with epilepsy. The participants were selected using systematic random sampling technique. Semistructured questionnaires were used to obtain socio-demographic and clinical data. Depression was measured using Beck's Depression Inventory Binary logistic regression used for analysis. RESULTS: The estimated, prevalence of depression was found to be 45.2 %. Out of these (29.6 %) were classified as mild, (14.8 %) as moderate and (0.8 %) were severely depressed. A lower educational status was associated with an increased prevalence of depression and the adjusted odds ratio (AOR) for the illiterate [can't read and write] was 8.32 [95 % Confidence Interval (CI): 4.83, 14.29]. Perceived stress (AOR = 6.21, CI 3.69, 10.44), onset of illness <6 years (AOR = 5.29, CI 4.09, 15.89), seizure frequency of [1-11 per year (AOR = 1.34, CI 1.41, 4.36), ≥1 per month (AOR = 7.83, CI 3.52, 17.40)], poly-pharmacy (AOR = 7.63, CI 2.74, 21.26)] and difficulties of adherence to antiepileptic drugs (AOR = 4.80, CI 2.57, 8.96) were also found to be independently associated with depression. CONCLUSION: Overall, the prevalence of depression was found to be high. Lower educational status, early onset of illness, seizure frequency, poly-pharmacy and difficulties of adherence to anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) were factors statistically associated with depression. Strengthening the educational status of the patients on the effect of early onset of the illness, frequent seizure occurrence and difficulty of adherence to AEDs as a contributing factors for other co-morbid psychiatric disorder are suggested in the clinical care setting. ER  - 
Development and validation of an epidemiologic case definition of epilepsy for use with routinely collected Australian health data$$$ Objectives: We report the diagnostic validity of a selection algorithm for identifying epilepsy cases. Study design and setting: Retrospective validation study of International Classification of Diseases 10th Revision Australian Modification (ICD-10AM)-coded hospital records and pharmaceutical data sampled from 300 consecutive potential epilepsy-coded cases and 300 randomly chosen cases without epilepsy from 3/7/2012 to 10/7/2013. Two epilepsy specialists independently validated the diagnosis of epilepsy. A multivariable logistic regression model was fitted to identify the optimum coding algorithm for epilepsy and was internally validated. Results: One hundred fifty-eight out of three hundred (52.6%) epilepsy-coded records and 0/300 (0%) nonepilepsy records were confirmed to have epilepsy. The kappa for interrater agreement was 0.89 (95% CI. =. 0.81-0.97). The model utilizing epilepsy (G40), status epilepticus (G41) and ≥. 1 antiepileptic drug (AED) conferred the highest positive predictive value of 81.4% (95% CI. =. 73.1-87.9) and a specificity of 99.9% (95% CI. =. 99.9-100.0). The area under the receiver operating curve was 0.90 (95% CI. =. 0.88-0.93). Conclusion: When combined with pharmaceutical data, the precision of case identification for epilepsy data linkage design was considerably improved and could provide considerable potential for efficient and reasonably accurate case ascertainment in epidemiological studies. ER  - 
Thoughts, emotions, and dissociative features differentiate patients with epilepsy from patients with psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNESs)$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNESs) are often very difficult to treat, which may be, in part, related to the limited information known about what a person experiences while having PNESs. For this retrospective study, thoughts, emotions, and dissociative features during a spell were evaluated in 351 patients diagnosed with PNESs (N = 223) or epilepsy (N = 128). We found that a statistically higher number of thoughts, emotions, and dissociative symptoms were endorsed by patients with PNESs versus patients with epilepsy. Patients with PNESs reported significantly more anxiety and frustration, but not depression, compared with those with epilepsy. Emotions and dissociations, but not thoughts, and a history of any type of abuse were endorsed significantly more often by patients with PNESs. Patients with PNESs are prone to having poor outcomes, and interventions focusing on their actual experiences may be helpful for treatment planning. ER  - 
Treatment of depression in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy: A pilot study of cognitive behavioral therapy vs. selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors$$$ There is a high prevalence of depression in patients with epilepsy, which negatively impacts their quality of life (QOL) and seizure control. Currently, the first-line of treatment for depression in patients with epilepsy is based on selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). The main objective of this pilot study was to compare cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) versus SSRIs for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Seven patients who received group CBT were compared with eight patients treated with SSRIs. All were diagnosed with MDD and TLE. Patients were assessed at baseline before treatment and at six and 12. weeks during treatment with the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Scale of 31 items (QOLIE 31), the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). Seizure records were also taken on a monthly basis. After 12. weeks of treatment, both groups showed improved QOL and reduced severity of depression symptoms. There were no statistically significant group differences in the final scores for the BDI (p. = 0.40) and QOLIE 31 (p. = 0.72), although the effect size on QOL was higher for the group receiving CBT. In conclusion, the present study suggests that both CBT and SSRIs may improve MDD and QOL in patients with TLE. We found no significant outcome differences between both treatment modalities. These findings support further study using a double-blind controlled design to demonstrate the efficacy of CBT and SSRIs in the treatment of MDD and QOL in patients with TLE. ER  - 
Risk factors for early disability pension in patients with epilepsy and vocational difficulties - Data from a specialized rehabilitation unit$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to assess the risk factors for early disability pension (EDP) in adult patients with epilepsy in a specialized epilepsy rehabilitation setting. Methods: In a retrospective study, 246 patients with epilepsy and employment difficulties leading to referral to an inpatient rehabilitation unit were evaluated with a questionnaire on admission and after a mean of 2.5. years after discharge. Patients already receiving EDP at baseline were excluded. Epilepsy-related, demographic, and employment-related data as well as cognitive functioning and psychiatric comorbidity were assessed as risk factors for EDP at follow-up and analyzed using logistic regression models. Results: Seventy-six percent of the patients had uncontrolled epilepsy, and 66.7% had psychiatric comorbidity. At follow-up, 33.7% received an EDP. According to multivariate logistic regression analysis, age. > 50 years (odds ratio (OR) 5.44, compared to age. < 30 years), application for an EDP prior to admission (OR 3.7), sickness absence. > 3. months in the previous year (OR 3.30, compared to sickness absence. < 3. months), and psychiatric comorbidity (OR 2.79) were significant risk factors for an EDP at follow-up, while epilepsy-related factors and cognitive impairment showed an effect only in the univariate analyses. Conclusions: Potential risk factors for EDP in patients with epilepsy were evaluated using multivariate analysis. Knowledge of such factors may help to develop appropriate criteria for rehabilitation candidacy and interventions to reduce the risk for EDP. This might lead to an amelioration of both psychosocial burden of patients and economic burden on society. ER  - 
Risk factors for postoperative depression: A retrospective analysis of 248 subjects operated on for drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ The aim of this retrospective case series analysis was to identify the predictors of postoperative depression (PostOp-D) in a sample of 248 subjects with focal drug-resistant focal epilepsy. The presence or absence of PostOp-D during a 12-month follow-up period was the outcome variable. Demographic, neurologic, psychiatric characteristics, and antiepileptic therapy were the explanatory variables. After preliminary bivariate analysis, a multivariate logistic regression model was fitted to identify variables associated with PostOp-D. Sixty-seven patients (27%) experienced PostOp-D. At multivariate analysis, lifetime depression, age at surgery, and levetiracetam (LEV) are positive predictors of PostOp-D; carbamazepine (CBZ) and anxiety disorders are protective factors. LEV increases the risk for PostOp-D by about half; the relative risk (RR) is 1.48. Conversely, CBZ decreases the risk for PostOp-D by about half (RR 0.59). Our results suggest that careful psychiatric evaluation and follow-up should be recommended for subjects at risk. It is advisable to treat patients with depression before surgery. Antiepileptic drugs should be selected carefully when patients present with not modifiable risk factors, such as positive personal history for depression. ER  - 
Clinical, morphological, biochemical, imaging and outcome parameters in 21 individuals with mitochondrial maintenance defect related to FBXL4 mutations$$$ FBXL4 deficiency is a recently described disorder of mitochondrial maintenance associated with a loss of mitochondrial DNA in cells. To date, the genetic diagnosis of FBXL4 deficiency has been established in 28 individuals. This paper retrospectively reviews proxy-reported clinical and biochemical findings and evaluates brain imaging, morphological and genetic data in 21 of those patients. Neonatal/early-onset severe lactic acidosis, muscular hypotonia, feeding problems and failure to thrive is the characteristic pattern at first presentation. Facial dysmorphic features are present in 67 % of cases. Seven children died (mean age 37 months); 11 children were alive (mean age at follow-up 46 months), three children were lost to follow-up. All survivors developed severe psychomotor retardation. Brain imaging was non-specific in neonates but a later-onset, rapidly progressive brain atrophy was noted. Elevated blood lactate and metabolic acidosis were observed in all individuals; creatine kinase was elevated in 45 % of measurements. Diagnostic workup in patient tissues and cells revealed a severe combined respiratory chain defect with a general decrease of enzymes associated with mitochondrial energy metabolism and a relative depletion of mitochondrial DNA content. Mutations were detected throughout the FBXL4 gene albeit with no clear delineation of a genotype-phenotype correlation. Treatment with “mitochondrial medications” did not prove effective. In conclusion, a clinical pattern of early-onset encephalopathy, persistent lactic acidosis, profound muscular hypotonia and typical facial dysmorphism should prompt initiation of molecular genetic analysis of FBXL4. Establishment of the diagnosis permits genetic counselling, prevents patients undergoing unhelpful diagnostic procedures and allows for accurate prognosis. ER  - 
Resting cortical PET metabolic changes in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES)$$$ Background The pathophysiology of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) is poorly understood. Functional neuroimaging data in various functional neurological disorders increasingly support specific neurobiological dysfunction. However, to date, no studies have been reported of positron emission tomography (PET) in patients presenting with PNES. Methods Sixteen patients being evaluated in a specialist epilepsy centre underwent PET with 2-deoxy-2-[fluorine-18]fluoro-D-glucose (18FDG-PET) because of suspected intractable epileptic seizures. However, in all patients, the diagnosis was subsequently confirmed to be PNES with no coexisting epilepsy. 18FDG-PET was also performed in 16 healthy controls. A voxel by voxel intergroup analysis was performed to look for significant differences in interictal (resting state) cerebral metabolism. In addition, metabolic connectivity was studied using voxel-wise inter-regional correlation analysis. Results In comparison to group analysis of healthy participants, the group analysis of patients with PNES exhibited significant PET hypometabolism within the right inferior parietal and central region, and within the bilateral anterior cingulate cortex. A significant increase in metabolic correlation was found in patients with PNES, in comparison to healthy participants, between the right inferior parietal/central region and the bilateral cerebellum, and between the bilateral anterior cingulate cortex and the left parahippocampal gyrus. Conclusions To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study describing FDG-PET alterations in patients with PNES. Although we cannot exclude that our data reflect changes due to comorbidities, they may indicate a dysfunction of neural systems in patients with PNES. Hypometabolism regions might relate to two of the pathophysiological mechanisms that may be involved in PNES, that is, emotional dysregulation (anterior cingulate hypometabolism) and dysfunctional processes underlying the consciousness of the self and the environment (right parietal hypometabolism). Trial registration number NCT00484523. ER  - 
Psychiatric disorders and suicidal behavior in neurotypical young adults with childhood-onset epilepsy$$$ Objectives We examined the associations of lifetime and current histories of psychiatric disorders and of suicidal thoughts and behaviors with childhood-onset epilepsies in a community-based cohort of young adults. Methods Cases were neurotypical (normal neurologic, cognitive, and imaging examinations and no evidence of a brain insult responsible for the epilepsy) young adults with childhood-onset epilepsy followed since the onset of their epilepsy approximately 15 years earlier and recruited as part of a community-based study. They were compared to two different control groups: siblings and external controls from the National Comorbidity Survey-Replication (NCS-R). The Diagnostic Interview Survey assessed lifetime and current Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision (DSM-IV-TR) diagnoses of mood disorders and anxiety disorders. Suicidal thoughts and suicide attempt were assessed using the Diagnostic Interview Survey for Children-IV and the Diagnostic Interview Survey (DIS-IV). Results Two hundred fifty-seven cases and 134 sibling controls participated in the DIS-IV portion of the young adult assessment. Comparing cases both to their sibling controls and to the controls drawn from the NCS-R, we did not find any evidence to suggest a higher prevalence of lifetime and current mood or anxiety disorders, suicidal thoughts, and suicide attempt in young adults with childhood-onset epilepsies. Significance Our findings from a community-based sample of neurotypical young adults do not suggest a substantial or lasting association between childhood epilepsy and psychiatric disorders and suicidal behavior. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy in Parkinson’s disease$$$ Objective: To analyze the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy for the management of depression and/or psychosis refractory to drug therapy in patients with Parkinson disease. Method: A retrospective study was carried out including patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy during the period between 2002 and 2013. A review of the literature was performed. Results: A total of 27 patients were included. In regards to the neuropsychiatric diagnosis, 14 patients had major depression, 12 patients had both psychosis and depression, and only one patient had isolated psychosis. The mean number of electroconvulsive therapy sessions was 12 ± 2.8. After electroconvulsive therapy, all patients showed a statistically significant improvement in the Brief Psychiatric Rating scale (reduction of 52% points) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (reduction of 50% points) independent of the presence of psychosis, depression or both. Conclusion: Electroconvulsive therapy is effective for the treatment of refractory neuropsychiatric symptoms in Parkinson’s disease. ER  - 
Impact comparison of ketamine and sodium thiopental on anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy in major depression patients with drug-resistant$$$ A double-blind randomized clinical trial; Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the available and the most effective therapies for the treatment of resistant depression. Considering the crucial role of seizure duration on therapeutic response in patients treated with ECT, this study aimed to compare the effect of ketamine and sodium thiopental anesthesia during ECT for treatment of patients with drug-resistant major depression (DRMD). Materials and Methods: In a double-blind randomized clinical trial, 160 patients with DRMD were selected consequently and were assigned randomly into two groups including ketamine 0.8 mg/kg and sodium thiopental 1.5 mg/kg. The seizure duration, recovery time, and the side effects of anesthesia were evaluated after 1-h after anesthesia. Data of recovery time and complication collected in 2 nd, 4 th, 6 th, and 8 th ECT. Depression was assessed by Hamilton depression scale. Results: The results indicated that ketamine and sodium thiopental had a significant effect on the reduction of depression scores in patients with DRMD (P < 0.05). Complications such as a headache, nausea, pain at the injection site, short-term delirium, and long-term delirium were higher in ketamine group (P > 0.05). But ketamine was more effective in improvement of depression score and increasing systolic and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.05). The mean of seizure duration showed a decreasing trend and was significant between two study groups (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Anesthesia induced by ketamine during ECT therapy increased blood pressure and seizure duration. Therefore, due to lower medical complication and attack rate of seizure, ketamine is an appropriate option for anesthesia with ECT in patients with DRMD. ER  - 
Elevated antimeasles antibody titre: An association in autoimmune encephalitis$$$ Introduction: Autoimmune encephalitis is a group of treatable noninfective encephalitic disorders with great clinical implications. They have a close resemblance to prion disease and some slow virus infections. We report the presence of significant titers of antimeasles antibody in some of our patients with autoimmune encephalitis resulting in diagnostic and therapeutic problems. Patients and Methods: Patients seen by us in the last 4 years with high titers (1:625 dilution) cerebrospinal fiuid (CSF) antimeasles antibody positivity were reviewed retrospectively. The data collected were assessed using SPSS- Statistical Package for Social Sciences Version 15.0 (IBM corporation) software. The groups which showed elevated antimeasles antibody titers but did not have other parameters suggestive of subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (Group 2) were segregated and compared with those who had the typical features (Group 1) using Fisher's Exact Test. Results: There were 33 patients with antimeasles antibody in CSF. Group 1 had 27 and Group 2 had 6 patients. Group 1 had lower age, cognitive dysfunction, slow myoclonus, less generalized tonic-clonic seizures, and focal seizures. Group 2 patients belonged to the higher age, had significant psychosis (P = 0.02), incontinence of bowel and bladder (P = 0.0001). Slow myoclonus was significant in the first group (P = 0.028), and weakness was significant in the second group (P = 0.028) and double incontinence in the second group (P = 0.0001). Magnetic resonance imaging showed significant gray matter and cerebellar involvement in Group 2 P = 0.005 and P = 0.028, respectively. Conclusions: Patients who show significant titers of antimeasles antibodies in the CSF but belonging to older age group with psychosis, generalized tonic-clonic seizures, double incontinence, focal myoclonus, and electroencephalographic and imaging noncorroborative need to be investigated for autoimmune encephalitis in view of the great prognostic and therapeutic relevance. ER  - 
Relationship between inflammatory cytokines and risk of depression, and effect of depression on the prognosis of high grade glioma patients$$$ Depression is found to be associated with up-regulation of inflammatory cytokines. However, the relationship in high grade glioma (HGG) patients is still unclear. In this prospective study, a total 132 HGG patients participated in blood sample collection for inflammatory cytokines detection by ELISA, mental status, quality of life (QOL) and physical functional status testing. The association between inflammatory cytokines and depression risk was assessed using conditional logistic regression. The incidences of depressive symptoms and depression in high grade glioama patients were 45.5 and 25 % respectively during 12 months follow-up. We found the risk of depression was elevated with increased C-reactive protein (CRP) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in high grade glioma patients after adjustment of confounders. The serum levels of CRP and IL-6 in patients with transient depression and depression were higher than those without depressive symptoms. In addition, depression had significant effects on the survival, QOL and physical functional status of patients. Depression is prevalent among patients with HGG. The present study suggests that serum CRP and IL-6 may serve as a depression marker for HGG patients. The survival and quality of life of HGG patients may be improved by an effective management for depression. ER  - 
Cannabis and endocannabinoid signaling in Epilepsy$$$ The antiepileptic potential of Cannabis sativa preparations has been historically recognized. Recent changes in legal restrictions and new well-documented cases reporting remarkably strong beneficial effects have triggered an upsurge in exploiting medical marijuana in patients with refractory epilepsy. Parallel research efforts in the last decade have uncovered the fundamental role of the endogenous cannabinoid system in controlling neuronal network excitability raising hopes for cannabinoid-based therapeutic approaches. However, emerging data show that patient responsiveness varies substantially, and that cannabis administration may sometimes even exacerbate seizures. Qualitative and quantitative chemical variability in cannabis products and personal differences in the etiology of seizures, or in the pathological reorganization of epileptic networks, can all contribute to divergent patient responses. Thus, the consensus view in the neurologist community is that drugs modifying the activity of the endocannabinoid system should first be tested in clinical trials to establish efficacy, safety, dosing, and proper indication in specific forms of epilepsies. To support translation from anecdote-based practice to evidence- based therapy, the present review first introduces current preclinical and clinical efforts for cannabinoid-or endocannabinoid-based epilepsy treatments. Next, recent advances in our knowledge of how endocannabinoid signaling limits abnormal network activity as a central component of the synaptic circuit-breaker system will be reviewed to provide a framework for the underlying neurobiological mechanisms of the beneficial and adverse effects. Finally, accumulating evidence demonstrating robust synapse-specific pathophysiological plasticity of endocannabinoid signaling in epileptic networks will be summarized to gain better understanding of how and when pharmacological interventions may have therapeutic relevance. ER  - 
Significant reduction in alcohol-related admissions to an intensive care unit in Dublin$$$ Background: In 2008, we conducted an audit in our general intensive care unit (ICU) which demonstrated a high workload from alcohol-related admissions which represented 12 % of total admissions and 16.8 % of total available bed days at that time. Aims: To repeat the audit 5 years later in 2013 to assess the current workload from alcohol-related admissions and whether this had increased or decreased in the intervening time period. Methods: We retrospectively collected data from every admission to our 17-bed general ICU for the 6-month period from June 1 2013 to November 30 2013. We identified all admissions that were related to alcohol misuse. Their admission diagnosis, age, gender, ICU length of stay, APACHE 2 score (Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation 2) and 30-day mortality were recorded. The results of the 2013 audit were then compared with data from the 2008 study. Results: There were 30 % less alcohol-related admissions to our ICU in 2013 compared to the same period in 2008. The study group had a longer length of stay on average but a lower mortality than the control group. Conclusion: There has been a significant reduction in the ICU workload from alcohol-related admissions in our general ICU in the past 5 years. ER  - 
Hypnosis for awake surgery of low-grade gliomas: Description of the method and psychological assessment$$$ BACKGROUND: Awake craniotomy with intraoperative electric stimulation is a reliable method for extensive removal of low-grade gliomas while preserving the functional integrity of eloquent surrounding brain structures. Although fully awake procedures have been proposed, asleep-awake-asleep remains the standard technique. Anesthetic contraindications are the only limitation of this method, which is therefore not reliable for older patients with high-grade gliomas. OBJECTIVE: To describe and assess a novel method for awake craniotomy based on hypnosis. METHODS: We proposed a novel hypnosedation procedure to patients undergoing awake surgery for low-grade gliomas in our institution between May 2011 and April 2015. Surgical data were retrospectively recorded. The subjective experience of hypnosis was assessed by 3 standardized questionnaires: the Cohen Perceived Stress Scale, the Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Checklist Scale, the Peritraumatic Dissociative Experience Questionnaire, and a fourth questionnaire designed specifically for this study. RESULTS: Twenty-eight questionnaires were retrieved from 43 procedures performed on 37 patients. The Peritraumatic Dissociative Experience Questionnaire revealed a dissociation state in 17 cases. The Perceived Stress Scale was pathological in 8 patients. Two patients in this group stated that they would not accept a second hypnosedation procedure. The Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Checklist Scale revealed 1 case of posttraumatic stress disorder. Burr hole and bone flap procedures were the most frequently reported unpleasant events during opening (15 of 52 events). CONCLUSION: The main findings of our study are the effectiveness of the technique, which in all cases allowed resection of the tumor up to functional boundaries, and the positive psychological impact of the technique in most of the patients. ER  - 
Perampanel for tonic-clonic seizures in idiopathic generalized epilepsy$$$ Objective: To assess efficacy and safety of adjunctive perampanel in patients with drug-resistant, primary generalized tonic-clonic (PGTC) seizures in idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE). Methods: In this multicenter, double-blind study (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01393743; funded by Eisai Inc.), patients 12 years or older with PGTC seizures and IGE were randomized to placebo or perampanel during a 4-week titration period (perampanel uptitrated from 2 to 8 mg/d, or highest tolerated dose) and 13-week maintenance period. The primary endpoint was percent change in PGTC seizure frequency per 28 days (titration plus maintenance vs baseline). The key secondary endpoint (primary endpoint for European Union registration) was 50% PGTC seizure responder rate (patients achieving ≥50% reduction in PGTC seizure frequency; maintenance vs baseline). Treatment-emergent adverse events were monitored. Results: Of 164 randomized patients, 162 comprised the full analysis set (placebo, 81; perampanel, 81). Compared with placebo, perampanel conferred a greater median percent change in PGTC seizure frequency per 28 days (-38.4% vs -76.5%; p < 0.0001) and greater 50% PGTC seizure responder rate (39.5% vs 64.2%; p 0.0019). During maintenance, 12.3% of placebo-treated patients and 30.9% of perampanel-treated patients achieved PGTC seizure freedom. For the safety analysis (placebo, 82; perampanel, 81), the most frequent treatment-emergent adverse events with perampanel were dizziness (32.1%) and fatigue (14.8%). Conclusions: Adjunctive perampanel was well tolerated and improved control of drug-resistant PGTC seizures in patients with IGE. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class I evidence that adjunctive perampanel reduces PGTC seizure frequency, compared with placebo, in patients with drug-resistant PGTC seizures in IGE. ER  - 
Anticonvulsant Mechanisms of Electroconvulsive Therapy and Relation to Therapeutic Efficacy$$$ Background Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is held to confer anticonvulsant effects, although the role of rise in seizure threshold upon clinical effect is uncertain. This study investigated the relationship in a large, consecutive, retrospective sample of patients receiving ECT in Aberdeen. We have tested the hypotheses of previous authors to further examine the relationship between seizure and therapeutic effect as well as discuss the potential underlying neurobiological mechanisms. Methods All patients receiving ECT at the Royal Cornhill Hospital between 2000 and the end of 2008 were identified from the Scottish ECT Accreditation Network. Electroconvulsive therapy was administered twice weekly with a bifrontotemporal electrode placement using routine dosage schedules. Data were gathered from the Scottish ECT Accreditation Network and case notes regarding ECT course and clinical effect. Results The seizure threshold increased in 219 (94.4%) patients, stayed the same in 13 (5.6%) patients, and decreased in 0 patient (n = 232). No significant relationship was present between change in seizure threshold and change in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale score (P = 0.39; Kendall τ b r = 0.047; n = 182), although responders did display greater increase in seizure threshold than nonresponders. Conclusions Electroconvulsive therapy confers anticonvulsant effects in a consecutive sample of real-life patients. Neither initial seizure threshold nor magnitude of seizure threshold increase is a predictor of clinical response to ECT. A rise in seizure threshold is not essential for therapeutic effect but may represent an important marker of underlying neuronal state. The evidence reviewed in this article supports a link between neuroplastic effects of ECT and the evidenced rise in seizure threshold. ER  - 
Effect of the Addition of Ketamine to Sevoflurane Anesthesia on Seizure Duration in Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Objectives We evaluated the effects of a subanesthetic dose of ketamine, which was administered as an adjunct to sevoflurane, on duration of seizure activity, hemodynamic profile, and recovery times during electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression. Methods Patients were randomly allocated to a group receiving either sevoflurane-ketamine (group SK) or sevoflurane-saline (group SS). Sevoflurane was initiated in both groups at 8% for anesthesia induction until loss of consciousness was achieved, at which point it was discontinued. After loss of consciousness, ketamine was administered to the group SK in the form of a 0.5-mg/kg intravenous bolus. Patients in the group SS received saline in the same manner. Mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate were recorded before anesthetic induction (T1); after anesthetic induction (T2); as well as 0, 1, 3, and 10 minutes after the seizure had ended (T3, T4, T5, and T6, respectively). Motor and electroencephalogram seizure durations were recorded. Results Motor and electroencephalogram seizure durations in the group SS were similar to those observed for the group SK. The heart rate increased significantly during T2 to T6 in both group SS and group SK compared with the baseline. The MAP increased in the group SS during the period between T3 and T6 as well as in the group SK during the same period compared with the baseline. The MAP increased more in the group SK, in comparison with the group SS, during T2 (P < 0.05). Conclusions The addition of ketamine at subanesthetic doses, for the purposes of anesthetic induction with sevoflurane, yielded results similar to those in the control group in terms of both seizure duration and hemodynamic stability. ER  - 
Depression and anxiety disorder among epileptic people at Amanuel Specialized Mental Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia$$$ Background: Although depression and anxiety disorders are very common in people with epilepsy; there are no studies that assessed the magnitude and associated factors among epileptic people in Ethiopia. Therefore, this study determined prevalence and associated factors of depression and anxiety disorders in people with epilepsy. Method: An institution based cross-sectional study was conducted from April to May, 2013, among 423 people with epilepsy from the outpatient department of Amanuel Mental Specialized Hospital. Depression and anxiety were assessed using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. Logistic regression analysis was used to assess predictors of depression and anxiety. Results: The prevalence of anxiety and depression among epileptic people were 33.5 and 32.8 %, respectively. Monthly income, frequency of seizure and side effects of anti convulsants were found to be significantly associated with both depression and anxiety. Being divorced/widowed was associated with anxiety while using poly-therapy of anti convulsants, perceived stigma, and inability to read or write were associated with depression. Conclusion: The prevalence of co-morbid anxiety and depression was found to be high among people with epilepsy. Early identification of co-morbid depression and anxiety in people with epilepsy and managing epilepsy to become seizure free should be of great concern for health care providers. ER  - 
Risk of seizures associated with antipsychotic drug use-A nested case-control analysis$$$ Background: Limited data from clinical trials, case reports, and analyses of pharmacovigilance databases have reported an association between the use of antipsychotics and the development of seizures. Low-potency first-generation antipsychotics and clozapine, olanzapine, and quetiapine have been associated with a higher risk of inducing seizures than high-potency first-generation or other second-generation antipsychotics. No data from observational studies are available in the current literature. Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the risk of first-time seizures associated with antipsychotic use in patients with psychiatric disorders. Methods: We conducted a retrospective follow-up study with a nested case-control analysis between January 1998 and December 2013 using data from the UK-based Clinical Practice Research Datalink.We estimated incidence rates in patients with dementia, affective disorders, or schizophrenia, who used high or low-potency first-generation antipsychotics, olanzapine or quetiapine, other second-generation antipsychotics, or no antipsychotics. To adjust for potential confounding, we estimated odds ratios of antipsychotic drug use among cases with seizures and matched controls in a nested case-control analysis. Results: Of 60 131 patients with psychiatric disorders, 571 developed an incident seizure during follow-up. Incidence rates per 10 000 person-years were higher in antipsychotic users (38.0 [95%CI, 31.1-44.9]) than non-users (11.7 [95%CI, 10.0-13.4]). Current users of low-potency and high-potency first-generation antipsychotics were at an increased risk of seizures compared with non-users (adjusted odds ratios 1.66 [95% CI: 0.94-2.95] and 2.34 [95%CI: 1.57-3.49]), while current users of olanzapine or quetiapine and other second-generation antipsychotics (adjusted odds ratios 1.23 [95%CI: 0.83-1.82] and 0.59 [95%CI: 0.36-0.95]) were not. Conclusions: Current use of low-potency and highpotency first-generation antipsychotics was associated with a twofold increased risk of developing seizures compared with non-use of antipsychotics. ER  - 
Diagnostic overshadowing in a population of children with neurological disabilities: A cross sectional descriptive study on acquired ADHD$$$ Abstract Aim Diagnostic overshadowing refers to the underdiagnosis of comorbid conditions in children with known neurological diagnoses. To demonstrate diagnostic overshadowing we determined the prevalence of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorders (ADHD) in a cohort of children with a wide range of neurological disabilities. Method The study cohort consisted of 685 children (mean age 10.3 years, SD: 3.1; 425 boys and 260 girls) who visited a tertiary outpatient multidisciplinary clinic for neurological learning disabilities. Patients with ADHD were identified by retrospective chart review using DSM-IV criteria. Results The prevalence of ADHD in this cohort was 38.8% (266 children); of these children only 28.2% (75 children) were diagnosed with ADHD before referral. Interpretation ADHD is a common problem in children with neurological disabilities and may be underdiagnosed due to overshadowing of somatic, physical or syndromal features of the disability. In our heterogeneous population ADHD was overshadowed in 71.8% of the cases. This finding may have important implications for diagnosis and treatment of mental health needs in children with neurological disabilities. ER  - 
Differences in illness perceptions between patients with non-epileptic seizures and functional limb weakness$$$ Objectives: Illness perceptions play an important role in the onset and maintenance of symptoms in functional neurological symptom disorder (conversion disorder). There has, however, been little work examining differences between subtypes of this disorder. We therefore aimed to compare illness perceptions of patients with non-epileptic seizures (NES) and those with functional weakness (FW) with matching neurological disease controls to examine their specificity. Methods: The Illness Perception Questionnaire Revised (IPQ-R) was completed by patients with functional limb weakness, non-epileptic seizures and patients with neurological disease causing limb weakness and epilepsy in two separate case control studies. Results: Patients with FW (n=107), NES (= 40), Epilepsy (n=34) and neurological disease causing limb weakness (NDLW) (n=46) were included in the analysis. Both FW and NES patients reported a low level of personal control, understanding of their symptoms and a tendency to reject a psychological causation of their symptoms. However NES patients rejected psychological causes less strongly than FW patients (P < 01). Patients with NES were also more likely to consider their treatment to be more effective (P< 01). None of these differences appeared in a similar comparison between patients with epilepsy and patients with NDLW. Conclusion: Although patients with NES tended, as a group, to reject psychological factors as relevant to their symptoms, they did so less strongly than patients with functional limb weakness in these cohorts. This has implications for both the way in which these symptoms are grouped together but also the way in which treatment is approached. ER  - 
Zonisamide improves wearing-off in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind study$$$ Background: Previously, we reported 50 mg/d zonisamide improved wearing-off without increasing dyskinesia in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). Methods: To determine the efficacy of zonisamide for treatment of "off" time in PD patients, we conducted a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, placebo-controlled study in Japan. Patients with PD and wearing-off received placebo for 4 weeks and then were treated for 12 weeks with zonisamide 25 or 50 mg/d or placebo, in addition to their previous therapy. The primary endpoint was the change from baseline in daily "off" time as determined by patients' diaries at the final assessment. Secondary endpoints included changes from baseline in the total scores of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale Parts I, II, III, and IV, the dyskinesia duration, and PDQ-39 score. Results: Of 422 patients enrolled, 389 (131 for placebo, 130 for zonisamide 25 mg, and 128 for zonisamide 50 mg) were randomized, and 354 (120, 119, and 115, respectively) completed the study. The "off" time significantly reduced by 0.719±0.179 h for zonisamide, 50 mg compared with placebo (0.011±0.173 h, P=0.005). Although the incidence of somnolence was higher for zonisamide (3.1% for zonisamide 25 mg, 6.3% for zonisamide 50 mg) than for placebo (2.3%), the incidences of the other adverse events, including dyskinesia or hallucination, for both zonisamide treatments were comparable to those for placebo. Conclusion: The study provides evidence that confirms the efficacy of zonisamide 50 mg/d for reduction in "off" time in PD patients with wearing-off phenomena. ER  - 
Etiology, clinical course and response to the treatment of status epilepticus in children: A 16-year single-center experience based on 602 episodes of status epilepticus$$$ Abstract Objective evaluation of etiology, clinical course and response to the treatment of status epilepticus (SE) in children, with particular investigation of superrefractory SE. Materials and methods The retrospective study included children with convulsive SE aged 0.2-18 years, treated from 1995 to 2011. Status epilepticus is defined as a continuous seizure or intermittent seizures without full recovery of consciousness between seizures for at least 30 min. Refractory SE is diagnosed if SE lasts for more than 60 min, while superrefractory SE if SE continues or recurs 24 h or more after the onset of an anesthesia therapy, including those cases that recur after reduction or withdrawal of an anesthesia. The etiology was summarized in five categories: idiopathic/cryptogenic, remote symptomatic, febrile SE, acute symptomatic and progressive encephalopathy. The patients were treated according to the same hospital protocol. Midazolam iv and diazepam rectally were given as the first line drugs, phenobarbital/phenytoin iv as the second line drugs. If they failed, third line drugs, midazolam and thiopental were given in continuous intravenous infusion. The medication was defined as effective if seizure clinically stopped within 20 min, without recurrence within the next 6 h. Midazolam was assessed as effective even if it failed as the first line, but was effective in intravenous infusion as the third line drug. Results The study consisted of 602 SE in 395 children. There were 305 (50.7%) refractory SE episodes, and 43 (7.1%) of superrefractory SE. Idiopathic/cryptogenic and febrile SE was the most common etiology in the first SE, while progressive encephalopathy and remote symptomatic was in recurrent and superrefractory SE. The most effective drugs were: midazolam (306/339) given in mean dose of 0.4 mg/kg (range 0.1-1.2 mg/kg), thiopental (47/57) in mean dose of 4 mg/kg (range 3-5 mg/kg), phenobarbital (91/135) in dose of 20 mg/kg. Midazolam successfully stopped 306/339 SE episodes (90.3%), 67 SE (21.9%) by equal or lower dose than 0.2 mg/kg as the first line drug, while all other 239 episodes (78.9%) were stopped by intravenous infusion in range 0.2-1.2 mg/kg/h (mean 0.4 mg/kg/h) as the third line drug. Adverse effects were frequent in superrefractory SE (60.5%). In 15 patients, corticosteroids contributed to the reduction of seizure recurrence after anesthetic withdrawal and cessation of epilepsia partialis continua. Case fatality rate was 5.1% in all patients, while 21.3% in patients with superrefractory SE. Conclusion Status epilepticus in children was characterized by heterogeneous etiology, prolonged duration and commonly good response to midazolam only given in high doses. Superrefractory SE was not so rare in children, especially among the patients with progressive encephalopathy. ER  - 
Electromyography-based seizure detector: Preliminary results comparing a generalized tonic-clonic seizure detection algorithm to video-EEG recordings$$$ Summary Objective Automatic detection of generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) will facilitate patient monitoring and early intervention to prevent comorbidities, recurrent seizures, or death. Brain Sentinel (San Antonio, Texas, USA) developed a seizure-detection algorithm evaluating surface electromyography (sEMG) signals during GTCS. This study aims to validate the seizure-detection algorithm using inpatient video-electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring. Methods sEMG was recorded unilaterally from the biceps/triceps muscles in 33 patients (17white/16 male) with a mean age of 40 (range 14-64) years who were admitted for video-EEG monitoring. Maximum voluntary biceps contraction was measured in each patient to set up the baseline physiologic muscle threshold. The raw EMG signal was recorded using conventional amplifiers, sampling at 1,024 Hz and filtered with a 60 Hz noise detection algorithm before it was processed with three band-pass filters at pass frequencies of 3-40, 130-240, and 300-400 Hz. A seizure-detection algorithm utilizing Hotelling's T-squared power analysis of compound muscle action potentials was used to identify GTCS and correlated with video-EEG recordings. Results In 1,399 h of continuous recording, there were 196 epileptic seizures (21 GTCS, 96 myoclonic, 28 tonic, 12 absence, and 42 focal seizures with or without loss of awareness) and 4 nonepileptic spells. During retrospective, offline evaluation of sEMG from the biceps alone, the algorithm detected 20 GTCS (95%) in 11 patients, averaging within 20 s of electroclinical onset of generalized tonic activity, as identified by video-EEG monitoring. Only one false-positive detection occurred during the postictal period following a GTCS, but false alarms were not triggered by other seizure types or spells. Significance Brain Sentinel's seizure detection algorithm demonstrated excellent sensitivity and specificity for identifying GTCS recorded in an epilepsy monitoring unit. Further studies are needed in larger patient groups, including children, especially in the outpatient setting. ER  - 
Depression and anxiety are associated with reduced antiepileptic drug adherence in Chinese patients$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the association of depression and anxiety with adherence to antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in Chinese patients with epilepsy. Methods: A total of 184 Chinese patients with epilepsy, and without cognitive impairment, underwent psychometric tests: the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI). Adherence to antiepileptic drugs was measured by the eight-item Morisky Medication Adherence Scale (MMAS-8). Data on patients' demographic characteristics, disease characteristics, and treatment characteristics were also collected. Results: The MMAS-8 indicated that 39.7% of the patients had low adherence, 34.2% had moderate adherence, and 26.1% had high adherence. Demographic, disease, and treatment characteristics were not significantly different between the low adherence group and the moderate-to-high adherence group. Thirty-six (19.6%) patients had moderate-to-severe depression according to the BDI, and 47 (25.5%) patients were considered anxious according to the BAI. A significant difference in depression scores was found between the low adherence group and the moderate-to-high adherence group (χ<sup>2</sup>=13.625, P<0.001). We also found a significant difference in anxiety scores between the two groups (χ<sup>2</sup>=8.331, P=0.004). Pearson's correlations indicated that depression scores (r=-0.281, P<0.001) and anxiety scores (r=-0.255, P<0.001) were negatively correlated with adherence. Negative correlations were found between BDI scores and items 2, 7, and 8 of the MMAS-8 (P<0.05); negative correlations were also found between BAI scores and items 3 and 6-8 (P<0.05). Conclusion: Depression and anxiety were associated with reduced antiepileptic drug adherence in Chinese patients. Addressing depression and anxiety among patients with epilepsy may help improve adherence to AEDs. ER  - 
Costs of epilepsy and cost-driving factors in children, adolescents, and their caregivers in Germany$$$ Summary Objective To provide first data on the cost of epilepsy and cost-driving factors in children, adolescents, and their caregivers in Germany. Methods A population-based, cross-sectional sample of consecutive children and adolescents with epilepsy was evaluated in the states of Hessen and Schleswig-Holstein (total of 8.796 million inhabitants) in all health care sectors in 2011. Data on socioeconomic status, course of epilepsy, and direct and indirect costs were recorded using patient questionnaires. Results We collected data from 489 children and adolescents (mean age ± SD 10.4 ± 4.2 years, range 0.5-17.8 years; 264 [54.0%] male) who were treated by neuropediatricians (n = 253; 51.7%), at centers for social pediatrics ("Sozialpaediatrische Zentren," n = 110, 22.5%) and epilepsy centers (n = 126; 25.8%). Total direct costs summed up to €1,619 ± €4,375 per participant and 3-month period. Direct medical costs were due mainly to hospitalization (47.8%, €774 ± €3,595 per 3 months), anticonvulsants (13.2%, €213 ± €363), and ancillary treatment (9.1%, €147 ± €344). The total indirect costs amounted to €1,231 ± €2,830 in mothers and to €83 ± €593 in fathers; 17.4% (n = 85) of mothers and 0.6% (n = 3) of fathers reduced their working hours or quit work because of their child's epilepsy. Independent cost-driving factors were younger age, symptomatic cause, and polytherapy with anticonvulsants. Older age, active epilepsy, symptomatic cause, and polytherapy were independent predictors of higher antiepileptic drug (AED) costs, whereas younger age, longer epilepsy duration, symptomatic cause, disability, and parental depression were independent predictors for higher indirect costs. Significance Treatment of children and adolescents with epilepsy is associated with high direct costs due to frequent inpatient admissions and high indirect costs due to productivity losses in mothers. Direct costs are age-dependent and higher in patients with symptomatic epilepsy and polytherapy. Indirect costs are higher in the presence of a child's disability and parental depression. ER  - 
Unprovoked seizures after traumatic brain injury: A population-based case-control study$$$ Summary Objective To quantify the risk of unprovoked seizures after traumatic brain injury (TBI) Methods We used the Stockholm Incidence Registry on Epilepsy to carry out a population-based case-control study, including 1,885 cases with incident unprovoked seizures from September 1, 2000 through August 31, 2008, together with 15,080 matched controls. Information of prior hospitalizations for TBI was obtained through record linkage with the Swedish National Inpatient Registry for the period 1980-2008. Relative risks (RRs) for unprovoked seizures were estimated after various TBI diagnoses, and influences of TBI severity and time since trauma were studied in detail. Results After hospitalization for mild TBI, the RR was 2.0 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.5-2.7). The RR was higher after brain contusion (5.9, 95% CI 2.4-15.0) or intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) (4.5, 95% CI 2.2-9.0), whereas a combination of both diagnoses led to a further sevenfold increase in RR (42.6, 95% CI 12.2-148.5). The risk was greatest during the first 6 months after severe TBI (RR 48.9, 95% CI 10.9-218.9) or mild TBI (RR 8.1, 95% CI 3.1-21.7), but was still elevated >10 years after any TBI. Significance Herein we present a large population-based case-control study on TBI as a risk factor for unprovoked epileptic seizures, including cases of all ages with individually validated seizure diagnoses. The risk for epileptic seizures was substantially increased after TBI, especially during the first 6 months after the injury and in patients with a combination of ICH and brain contusion. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of lacosamide as first add-on or later adjunctive treatment for uncontrolled partial-onset seizures: A multicentre open-label trial$$$ Purpose To evaluate the efficacy and safety of lacosamide administered as either first add-on or later add-on antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy for patients with uncontrolled partial-onset seizures (POS). Methods In this open-label, multicentre trial, patients with POS initiated oral lacosamide (titrated to 400 mg/day) either as add-on to first AED monotherapy, or as later add-on to 1-3 concomitant AEDs after 2 previous AEDs. The primary efficacy variable was the proportion of patients achieving seizure freedom for the first 12 weeks of the 24-week Maintenance Phase. Results 456 patients received 1 dose of lacosamide (96 as first add-on, 360 as later add-on). In the first add-on cohort, 27/72 (37.5%) patients completed 12 weeks treatment and remained seizure-free; 18/68 (26.5%) remained seizure-free after 24 weeks. 64/91 (70.3%) patients achieved 50% reduction in seizure frequency during maintenance treatment. This was accompanied by a mean 7.1 ± 16.00 point improvement from Baseline in the Quality of Life Inventory in Epilepsy (QOLIE-31-P) total score for 24-week completers, with improvement reported in all subscales. Most common treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were dizziness (31.3%) and headache (13.5%). In the later add-on cohort, 39/261 (14.9%) and 29/249 (11.6%) patients remained seizure-free after completing 12 and 24 weeks' treatment, respectively. 178/353 (50.4%) patients achieved 50% reduction in seizure frequency during maintenance treatment. Mean change in QOLIE-31-P total score was 4.8 ± 14.74 points among 24-week completers. Common TEAEs were dizziness (33.6%), somnolence (15.0%) and headache (11.4%). Conclusions Lacosamide initiated as first add-on treatment was efficacious and well tolerated in patients with uncontrolled POS. ER  - 
Adjunctive brexpiprazole 1 and 3 mg for patients with major depressive disorder following inadequate response to antidepressants: A phase 3, randomized, double-blind study$$$ Objective: To evaluate efficacy, safety, and tolerability of brexpiprazole adjunctive to antidepressant treatments (ADTs) in patients with major depressive disorder (as defined by DSM-IV-TR criteria) with inadequate response to ADTs. Method: Patients still depressed despite 1-3 prior ADTs followed by 8 weeks of prospective physician-determined, open-label ADT were randomized (1:1:1) to double-blind brexpiprazole 3 mg/d, brexpiprazole 1 mg/d, or placebo for 6 weeks. The primary efficacy end point was change in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) total score from baseline to week 6. The key secondary efficacy end point was change in Sheehan Disability Scale mean score. The Hochberg procedure corrected for multiplicity. The efficacy population comprised all patients who had ≥ 1 dose of study drug with baseline and ≥ 1 postrandomization MADRS scores; the efficacy population per final protocol consisted of efficacy population patients meeting amended criteria for inadequate response throughout the 8-week prospective ADT. The study was conducted between June 2011 and September 2013. Results: In the efficacy population per final protocol, brexpiprazole 3 mg (n = 213) showed a greater improvement in MADRS total score versus placebo (n = 203; -8.29 vs -6.33; P = .0079), whereas brexpiprazole 1 mg did not (n = 211; -7.64 vs -6.33; P = .0737). The brexpiprazole groups showed comparable improvement in SDS mean score versus placebo (least squares [LS] mean difference: [1 mg] -0.49, P = .0158; [3 mg] -0.48, P = .0191). The most frequent adverse events were akathisia (4.4%, 13.5%, 2.3%), headache (9.3%, 6.1%, 7.7%), and weight increase (6.6%, 5.7%, 0.9%) in brexpiprazole 1-mg, 3-mg, and placebo groups, respectively. Mean changes from baseline in Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale (LS mean difference = 0.08, P = .0141) and Barnes Akathisia Rating Scale (LS mean difference = 0.17, P = .0001) total scores were significantly greater with brexpiprazole 3 mg versus placebo. Conclusions: Brexpiprazole 3 mg demonstrated efficacy versus placebo in the efficacy population per final protocol. Both doses of brexpiprazole were well tolerated. ER  - 
Evaluation of symptom-oriented selection of computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging for neuropsychiatrie systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ The purpose of this study is to assess the value of computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) for patients with symptoms of neuropsychiatrie systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) that vary in severity.Seventy-one patients with NPSLE were enrolled and divided into two groups based on symptom severity: (1) those with mild symptoms including mania, depression, intermittent headache, movement disorders and cognitive impairment, and (2) those with severe symptoms including focal/generalized seizures, hemiparesis and delirium. Cranial CT was performed as a primary screening tool in all cases. Medical charts and imaging findings were reviewed to determine whether CT and MRI findings were sufficient to explain the observed symptoms. Statistical significance was evaluated using the Chi-Square and McNemar tests. For patients with mild symptoms, no differences in positive rates were observed between CT and MRI findings {p = 0.996). Positive rates for both CT and MRI findings were higher in patients with severe symptoms than those with mild symptoms (p < 0.001). For patients with severe symptoms, however, higher positive rates were observed for MRI as compared to CT O = 0.016). Modern brain imaging permits NPSLE symptoms to be categorized concisely. Not every patient with NPSLE symptoms should receive MRI; when symptoms are mild, the utility of CT is equivalent to that of MRI. When symptoms are severe, however, MRI is superior to CT for explanation of symptoms and guidance in selection of treatment. ER  - 
Acquired thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) in a patient with heterozygous MTHFR C677T mutation and hyperhomocysteinemia-a case report$$$ Introduction: Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is an autoimmune disorder characterized by microangiopathic hemolytic anemia and thrombocytopenia. Idiopathic TTP is caused by acquired autoimmune deficiency of a plasma metalloprotease ADAMTS13 and may be associated with cancer, some drugs, infections or tissue transplantation. Standard therapies of TTP include plasmapheresis with fresh-frozen plasma, high-dose glucocorticoids, 4-8 weekly doses of rituximab, and splenectomy. Case report: We report here a case of female patient aged 50 years admitted to our hospital in poor general condition (ECOG 4), conscious without contact, no hemorrhagic diathesis, no lymphadenopathy and hepatosplenomegaly. There was observed one episode of transient brain ischemia attack in the amplitude of vascularized right and left internal carotid arteries with transient right and left-sided hemihypaesthesia with symptoms: confusion, no logical contact, psychomotor agitation. Lab tests showed: RBC 1.7 × 106/L, Hb 5.7 g/dl, HCT 17.0%, platelet 7.0 × 103/L, RBC-anisocytosis, poikilocytosis, schistocytes, reticulocytes: 9.03%, LDH: 1380.3 U/l, bilirubin: 5.30 mg/dl, bilirubin direct 1.32 mg/dl, hypercholesterolemia, hyperlipidemia and lupus anticoagulant (LA) were not detected, heterozygous mutation MTHFR C677T and hyperhomocysteinemia 20.90 umol/l (normal range: 5.0-12.0), ADAMTS 13 activity <2% (N: 40-130) and ADAMTS13 inhibitor 41U/ml (N: <12 U/ml). The decompensated arterial hypertension and chronic nicotinism were observed. The therapy with 27 plasmapheresis utilizes FFP (after 2-nd procedure 1 epileptic attack Grand-Mal was maintained), steroids (Prednisone, Methyl-Prednisolone), red blood cell infusions-2 units were administered for 4 weeks. During therapy ADAMTS13 activity was increased from 2 to 62% and ADAMTS 13 inhibitor decreased from 41 to 12U/ml. Remission was achieved for last 34 months. Conclusion: Patients with severe clinical manifestations of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, heterozygous MTHFR C677T mutation, hyperhomocysteinemia, hypercholesterolemia, hyperlipidemia and uncontrolled arterial hypertension can be successfully treated with using plasmapheresis and steroids. ER  - 
PREDICTING PSYCHIATRIC OUTCOME FOLLOWING TEMPORAL LOBE EPILEPSY SURGERY: A LONGITUDINAL STUDY$$$ Objective Neurosurgery is an effective therapy for selected individuals with medically refractory temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Following TLE surgery, however, affective symptoms (depression/anxiety) can worsen or develop for the first time (de novo), even in patients rendered seizure free. Predictors of psychiatric outcome have proved elusive and represent a current challenge in the practice of TLE surgery. We investigated whether indicators of more diffuse cerebral dysfunction are predictive of poorer psychiatric outcomes. Method Forty-nine unilateral TLE surgical patients (25 RTLE; 24 LTLE) were assessed using the Beck Depression Inventory- Fast Screen (BDI-FS) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) preoperatively and 6 and 12 months postoperatively. All patients underwent neuropsychological assessments that included additional measures of executive function. Patients and family members also completed the Dysexecutive Questionnaire (DEX). A mixed-model repeated measures analysis was performed on each outcome (BDI-FS and BAI). Results Preoperatively, 8 (16%) were mildly depressed, 2 (4%) were moderately depressed, and 6 (12%) reported severe depressive morbidity. Eighteen patients (37%) were mildly anxious, 6 (12%) were moderately anxious and 2 (4%) patients reported severe anxiety symptoms. We found that anxiety symptoms significantly improved within the first 6 months following TLE surgery, with no further improvement (i.e. between 6- and 12m follow-up). Depressive morbidity did not improve during the 12 month postoperative period. However, the magnitude and direction of mood change was significantly moderated by preoperative extra-temporal lobe dysfunction, with preoperative executive dysfunction indicators predicting increased depression and anxiety symptoms following surgery. There was no relationship between preoperative BDI-FS or BAI scores and seizure outcome (ILAE 1 vs 2-6) at 12 months (OR: 1.15, 95% CI: 0.84-1.56, p=0.38, OR: 1.04, 95% CI: 0.91-1.20, p=0.57, respectively), or change in affective morbidity and seizure outcome (BDI-FS: OR: 0.92, 95% CI: 0.76- 1.10, p=0.34; BAI: OR: 0.84, 95% CI: 0.66-1.60, p=0.14). Conclusion Pre-surgical cognitive and behavioural indices of executive dysfunction were predictive of poorer psychiatric outcome following TLE surgery. We found that anxiety symptoms improved in the early postoperative period, but depressive morbidity remained unchanged compared to preoperative levels. In addition, our findings have highlighted the clinical utility of the Dysexecutive Questionnaire (DEX-S). Examination of executive functioning in pre-surgical evaluations may lead to an increase in the power of prognostic models used to predict the psychiatric outcome of TLE surgery. ER  - 
COGNITIVE BEHAVIOURAL THERAPY VS STANDARDISED MEDICAL CARE for ADULTS with DISSOCIATIVE NON-EPILEPTIC SEIZURES (CODES): AN RCT PROTOCOL$$$ Objective Our overall aim is to evaluate the clinical and cost effectiveness of specifically adapted Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) (plus Standardised Medical Care - SMC) in comparison to SMC alone for outpatients with dissociative seizures (DS), within a pragmatic, multi-centre UK-based RCT. This will redress the limited evidence base for psychotherapy in this patient group. Method Adults with DS but without currently active epilepsy will receive their diagnosis and information from a neurologist/ epilepsy specialist and their seizure occurrence will be monitored. Three months post diagnosis they will be reviewed by a psychiatrist with interest and expertise in DS who will represent the diagnosis and deliver an information leaflet. Those continuing to experience DS in the previous 8 weeks and meeting other inclusion criteria will, if willing, be consented, undergo baseline assessments and be randomised to receive either 12 sessions of CBT (plus a booster session) as well as SMC or SMC alone. We aim to randomise 298 patients (149 to each arm). DS frequency will be monitored fortnightly and follow-ups will occur at 6 and 12 months post randomisation. An intention to treat analysis will evaluate effectiveness in outcomes relating to seizure frequency severity and freedom, mood and psychological state, quality of life and health service use. A qualitative study will investigate participants' experiences of the interventions and barriers to participation that might affect subsequent implementation in the NHS. Results Multiple sites in England, Wales and Scotland have been enlisted. Recruitment in neurology clinics has commenced. Training for service user advisors, research workers and CBT therapists has been delivered. ER  - 
BNA Abstracts$$$ The proceedings contain 64 papers. The topics discussed include: vascular comorbidities in younger people with dementia: a cross-sectional population-based study of 616 245 middle-aged people in Scotland; a Bayesian theory explaining functional sensory motor symptoms; the role of stress, childhood trauma and personality in the development of functional neurological symptoms; diagnosing frontotemporal dementia in outpatients: an audit of radiological reports and review of diagnostic criteria; Fowler's syndrome of urinary retention: a retrospective study of co-morbidity; sensory attenuation assessed by sensory evoked potentials in functional movement disorders; serotonergic drugs for management of behavioral symptoms of frontotemporal dementia: a systematic review; cognitive behavioral therapy vs standardized medical care for adults with dissociative non-epileptic seizures (CODES): an RCT protocol; and predicting psychiatric outcome following temporal lobe epilepsy surgery: a longitudinal study. ER  - 
ANTIDEPRESSANTS for PEOPLE with EPILEPSY and DEPRESSION$$$ Objective We aimed to review and synthesise evidence from randomised controlled trials and prospective non-randomised studies of antidepressants used for treating depression in patients with epilepsy. The primary objectives were to evaluate the efficacy and safety of antidepressants in treating depressive symptoms and the effect on seizure recurrence. Method A search of the databases was carried. There were no language restrictions. RCTs and prospective non randomised cohort controlled and uncontrolled studies investigating children or adults with epilepsy treated with an antidepressant for depressive symptoms were included. Data were extracted on trial design factors, patient demographics, and outcomes for each study. The primary outcomes were changes in depression scores and change in seizure frequency. Secondary outcomes included the number of patients withdrawing from the study and reasons of withdrawal and also any adverse events. Binary outcomes were presented as risk ratios and 95% CI. Continuous outcomes were presented as the standardised mean differences and 95% CI. Risk of bias was assessed using a version of the extended Cochrane Collaboration's tool for assessing risk of bias in both RCTs and non randomised studies. Results Eight studies, three RCTs and five prospective cohort studies including 471 patients with epilepsy treated with an antidepressant were included. The RCTs were all single centred studies comparing antidepressant versus active control, placebo or no treatment. The five non randomised prospective cohort studies reported on outcomes mainly in partial epilepsy treated for depression with a selective serotonin reputable inhibitor (SSRI). We were unable to perform any meta analysis for the proportion with a >50% improvement in depression scores because the studies reported on different treatment comparisons. For the mean depression in depression score we were able to perform a limited meta analysis of two prospective cohort studies of citalopram including a total of 88 patients. The effect estimate was 1.17 (CI 0.96-1.38) for the mean difference in depression scores. Seizure frequency data were not reported in any RCTs. The treatment group on three prospective studies didn't report any significant increase in seizure frequency. Patients given an antidepressant were more likely to withdraw due to adverse events than inefficacy. Conclusion Current evidence suggests antidepressants of various classes are effective in treating depressive symptoms associated with epilepsy. However we have no high quality evidence of informing on the best choice of antidepressant drug or class of drug in treating depression in patients with epilepsy. This review provides low quality evidence that SSRIs are not associated with seizure exacerbation, but there are currently no data comparing antidepressant classes. ER  - 
Graph Theoretical Analysis of Peritreatment Resting EEG in Depressed Patients Receiving Electroconvulsive Therapy and Magnetic Seizure Therapy$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to use graph theory analysis to examine the effects of seizure therapy on whole-brain network connectivity. Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been reported to alter functional brain network architecture by down-regulating connectivity in frontotemporal circuits. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which induces therapeutic seizures with high-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, was introduced to improve the seizure therapy risk/benefit ratio. Unfortunately, there is limited understanding of seizure therapy's underlying mechanisms of action. In particular, the change in brain network connectivity and organization for a single treatment session is not well understood. Methods: In this 2-center, double-masked study, patients were randomized to either ultrabrief pulse right unilateral ECT or circular coil MST. Topographical resting EEG was acquired within 30 minutes before and after the second treatment in 10 patients (3 MSTs and 7 ECTs). Functional connectivity was assessed using debiased weighted phase lag index, a measure of EEG phase synchronization. Brain network organization was assessed on the basis of the following graph theory measures: betweenness centrality, clustering coefficient, network density, and characteristic path length. Results: There was a significant posttreatment reduction in EEG phase synchronization in the beta frequency band. The posttreatment beta network also showed an aberration of the small-world architecture, as characterized by higher characteristic path length and lower clustering. Conclusions: The changes in network properties could be related to the acute cognitive impairment postseizure. Graph theoretical analysis of the topological organization of functional brain networks may provide insight into the mechanisms of seizure therapies. ER  - 
Depression in children with down syndrome 21. Pediatrician and psychiatrist perspectives$$$ Objectives: It took some years to admit that babies and young children are likely to experience psychological suffering, and it took even more years to admit the same for patients with trisomy 21. The children's future depends largely on what they experience, and what they experience depends largely on the manner we look at them and we help them. Methods: This is a retrospective study based on electronic data of the Lejeune Institute for pediatric patients with trisomy 21 where a diagnosis of depression was made. Results: We present data on depressive disorders, with a focus on epidemiology, risk factors, the characteristics of the evolution, and the care plan. Conclusions: A preliminary somatic exam is necessary with special attention on chronic pain, sensory processing disorder or another associated pathology that may alter mood or behavior (dysthyroidia, sleep apnoea, epilepsy, etc.). The physical diagnosis of organic and functional disorder (sleep disorder, eating disorder) is a preliminary step in the care of the depressive mood. Several issues are then addressed in the pediatrician-psychiatrist discussion. At what age can depression be diagnosed in young children with trisomy 21? Or what is the place of the symptom within the family (parents, siblings and grandparents)? And what corollary links exist between depression and attachment disorders?. ER  - 
Somatic comorbidity and its outcomes in schizophrenia during lifespan$$$ Objective: Studies mainly relied on hospital or case-control data have well documented that individuals with psychoses and especially with schizophrenia have increased rates of physical illnesses. They have two to four-fold higher mortality risk and about 10-25 years shorter life expectancy compared with the general population. The aim of this study is to evaluate the prevalence of physical illnesses in individuals with schizophrenia or with other psychoses and among people without psychoses until the age of 46 years using complete outpatient and inpatient data from birth cohort. Methods: The study population consists of 10,933 individuals, from a population-based and prospective Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966, who were alive at the age of 16 years and followed. Results: The study population included 398 individuals with psychosis and 10,535 non-psychotic controls. In the psychotic population 207 had schizophrenia while191 subjects were diagnosed with other psychoses. Diseases of the blood and blood forming organs, endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases, epilepsy and diseases of the ear were more common among individuals with psychoses compared with controls. People with other psychoses had infections, nervous diseases except epilepsy, and diseases of circulatory, respiratory and digestive system, or diseases of skin and genitourinary system more often than controls. Diseases of musculoskeletal system and connective tissue were less common in schizophrenia than among controls. Conclusion: A new finding is that not only people with schizophrenia but especially those with other psychoses show a greater occurrence of somatic diseases compared with those without psychosis. The increased occurrence of somatic comorbidity in other psychoses should be noted by medical professional, and further longitudinal studies are warranted to study its possible risk factors during lifespan. ER  - 
A study on the impact of clinical depression on medication adherence and seizure control in patients with primary generalised epilepsy$$$ Background: Depression in epilepsy though fairly common receives less attention from clinicians who mainly target seizure control. Depression has a significant impact on medication adherence and can cause poor seizure control. Objective: The main objective is to investigate the prevalence of depression in patients with generalised epilepsy and its impact on antiepileptic drug (AED) adherence. We also try to uncover if there is any correlation between depression and seizure control. Methods: 100 consecutive patients with primary generalised epilepsy attending epilepsy clinic were recruited. Patients were arbitrarily divided into two groups depending on their seizure control good control (<1 seizure per month) and poor control (>1 seizure per month). All patients were administered the Morisky Medication Adherence (MMA) questionnaire. Patients with a MMA score of < 1 were considered non adherent. The presence of depression in all patients was assessed using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale. Patients with a score of > 16 were considered depressed. Results: Among 100 patients with generalised epilepsy 52% (52/100) were depressed 35% (35/100) were non adherent to AED and 30% (30/100) had poor seizure control. Among patients with depression 48.07% (25/52) were non adherent which was significant when compared to patients who were not depressed 20.83% (10/48) (p<0.0001). Depressed patients were also more likely to have poor seizure control (44.23% 23/52) when compared to patients without depression (14.58% 7/48) (p<0.0001). Conclusion: The prevalence of depression in patients with generalised epilepsy is high and it significantly impairs medication adherence in these patients. Depressed patients are more likely to have poorer seizure control. ER  - 
Analysis of clinical symptoms & etiological factors in cerebral venous sinus thrombosis patients: A retrospective study$$$ Introduction: With advent of MRI Neuroimaging the frequency of identifying Cerebral Venous Thrombosis (CVT) have increased. Even though CVT is more common in females incidence of CVT in males is increasing due to increased consumption of alcohol. Aim: To analyze various typical & atypical clinical manifestations of CVT and their different etiological factors. Materials and Methods: 14 patients (Male = 9 Female = 5) with CVT in the age group of 20 53 years admitted in our Govt. Multi super speciality hospital Chennai over a period of 6 months were evaluated. All 9 male patients were chronic alcoholics. All patients underwent MRI Brain & Magnetic Resonance Venogram (MRV) followed by screening of all hypercoagulable disorders. Their alcohol consumption hormonal pill intake and smoking habits were also analyzed. Results: Clinical symptoms in 14 patients with CVT showed holocranial headache&vomiting (n =14) seizures (n=6) diplopia (n=8) altered sensorium (n=2) Right arm monoparesis (n=1) Left homonymous hemianopia (n=1) and Right optic atrophy (n=1). Signs of papilloedema were observed in 9 patients. Superior saggital sinus thrombosis (n=9) and sigmoid & transverse sinus thrombosis (n=5) were observed in MRI brain with MRV imaging. Etiological factors identified were polycythemic in 3 patients hyperhomocysteinemia (alcohol induced) in 2 patients hyperfibrinogenemia in one patient 2 females were APLAS positive and one female was a migraineur who took OCP. Discussion: Chronic alcoholism causes CVT due to dehydration and by inhibition of antidiuretic hormone which results in extra vascular volume reduction and thereby increased PCV. Liver cell dysfunction due to chronic alcoholism causes secondary increased erythropoiesis and thereby increased PCV. Conclusion: In our part of the country the increasing incidence of CVT in male population is due to the increased consumption of alcohol and its side effects. ER  - 
Treatments for traumatic brain injury with emphasis on transcranial near-infrared laser phototherapy$$$ Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a growing health concern affecting civilians and military personnel. In this review, treatments for the chronic TBI patient are discussed, including pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals, cognitive therapy, and hyperbaric oxygen therapy. All available literature suggests a marginal benefit with prolonged treatment courses. An emerging modality of treatment is near-infrared (NIR) light, which has benefit in animal models of stroke, spinal cord injury, optic nerve injury, and TBI, and in human trials for stroke and TBI. The extant literature is confounded by variable degrees of efficacy and a bewildering array of treatment parameters. Some data indicate that diodes emitting low-level NIR energy often have failed to demonstrate therapeutic efficacy, perhaps due to failing to deliver sufficient radiant energy to the necessary depth. As part of this review, we present a retrospective case series using high-power NIR laser phototherapy with a Class IV laser to treat TBI. We demonstrate greater clinical efficacy with higher fluence, in contrast to the bimodal model of efficacy previously proposed. In ten patients with chronic TBI (average time since injury 9.3 years) given ten treatments over the course of 2 months using a high-power NIR laser (13.2 W/0.89 cm2 at 810 nm or 9 W/0.89 cm2 at 810 nm and 980 nm), symptoms of headache, sleep disturbance, cognition, mood dysregulation, anxiety, and irritability improved. Symptoms were monitored by depression scales and a novel patient diary system specifically designed for this study. NIR light in the power range of 10-15 W at 810 nm and 980 nm can safely and effectively treat chronic symptoms of TBI. The clinical benefit and effects of infrared phototherapy on mitochondrial function and secondary molecular events are discussed in the context of adequate radiant energy penetration. ER  - 
Serotonin Syndrome: Analysis of Cases Registered in the French Pharmacovigilance Database$$$ Background More information would be required for a better understanding of the actual circumstances of serotonin syndrome (SS) occurrence in routine clinical practice. Aim The objective of the study was to analyze characteristics of SS French pharmacovigilance reports, especially involved drugs and nature of drug-drug interactions (DDIs). Method We performed a retrospective analysis of SS registered in the French pharmacovigilance database between January 1, 1985 and May 27, 2013. Only cases whose clinical symptoms fulfilled Sternbach, Radomski, or Hunter SS diagnostic criteria were retained for the analysis. Results Most of the 125 (84.0%) analyzed cases were associated with a recent change in a serotonergic drug (introduction, increasing the dose or overdose). Antidepressants were the most often involved serotonergic drugs, mostly serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs, 42.1%) and to a lesser extent serotonin-noradrenalin reuptake inhibitors (9.1%, mainly venlafaxine), tricyclic antidepressants (8.6%, mainly clomipramine), and some monoamine oxidase inhibitors (6.2%, mainly moclobemide). Nonpsychotropic medications were also involved, generally opioids (14.8%, mainly tramadol). Most of the cases (59.2%) resulted from pharmacodynamic DDIs, most often involving SRIs + opioids (mostly paroxetine + tramadol). However, SS also occurred with a single serotonergic drug in a significant number of cases (40.8%), most often SRIs (mainly fluoxetine) or venlafaxine at usual doses. Lastly, a major pharmacokinetic DDI could have played a role in 1/5 (20.8%) of cases. Conclusions This is the first study about SS based on a large pharmacovigilance database and published in English. Our results reveal not only the frequent involvement of antidepressants and tramadol, the importance of DDIs (both pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic), but also the significant risk of SS even with a single serotonergic drug used at normal dose. ER  - 
CNTN6 copy number variations in 14 patients: A possible candidate gene for neurodevelopmental and neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ Background: Neurodevelopmental disorders are impairments of brain function that affect emotion, learning, and memory. Copy number variations of contactin genes (CNTNs), including CNTN3, CNTN4, CNTN5, and CNTN6, have been suggested to be associated with these disorders. However, phenotypes have been reported in only a handful of patients with copy number variations involving CNTNs. Methods: From January 2009 to January 2013, 3724 patients ascertained through the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center were referred to our laboratory for clinical array comparative genomic hybridization testing. We screened this cohort of patients to identify individuals with the 3p26.3 copy number variations involving the CNTN6 gene, and then retrospectively reviewed the clinical information and family history of these patients to determine the association between the 3p26.3 copy number variations and neurodevelopmental disorders. Results: Fourteen of the 3724 patients had 3p26.3 copy number variations involving the CNTN6 gene. Thirteen of the 14 patients with these CNTN6 copy number variations presented with various neurodevelopmental disorders including developmental delay, autistic spectrum disorders, seizures and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Family history was available for 13 of the 14 patients. Twelve of the thirteen families have multiple members with neurodevelopmental and neuropsychiatric disorders including attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, seizures, autism spectrum disorder, intellectual disability, schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, learning disability, and bipolar disorder. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that deletion or duplication of the CNTN6 gene is associated with a wide spectrum of neurodevelopmental behavioral disorders. ER  - 
Association between trajectories of maternal depression and subsequent psychological functioning in youth with and without chronic physical illness$$$ The aim of this study was to determine if the presence of youth chronic illness moderates the association between trajectories of maternal depressive symptoms and psychological functioning in youths. Methods: Data came from the National Longitudinal Survey of Children and Youth (N = 11,813). Using the 12-item version of the Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale (CES-D), symptom trajectories were estimated by latent class growth modeling over 3 measurement occasions (when their children were 10-11, 12-13, and 14-15 years). The moderating effect of youth chronic illness on the association between maternal depression and youth psychological functioning at 16-19 years was tested using multiple regression. Three measures of psychological functioning were assessed: anger regulation (Bar-On Emotional Quotient Inventory), self-concept (Self-Determination Questionnaire), and depressive symptoms (CES-D). Results: Four trajectories (low, decreasing, increasing, high) of maternal depression were identified. The association of maternal depressive symptoms on youth psychological functioning was modified by chronic illness; less favorable trajectories of maternal depression had a more pronounced detrimental association on youths with chronic illness compared to controls. Conclusions: Youths with chronic illness are particularly vulnerable to the negative psychological exposure of maternal depressive symptoms during the transition to adulthood. Family-centered transition of care programs in the medical setting may be beneficial in reducing the association between symptoms of maternal depression and youth psychological functioning. ER  - 
Correlates of major depressive disorder with and without comorbid alcohol use disorder nationally in the veterans health administration$$$ Background and Objectives This study assesses medical and psychiatric comorbidities, service utilization, and psychotropic medication prescriptions in veterans with comorbid major depressive disorder (MDD) and alcohol use disorder (AUD) relative to veterans with MDD alone. Methods Using cross-sectional administrative data (fiscal year [FY]2012: October 1, 2011-September 30, 2012) from the Veterans Health Administration (VHA), we identified veterans with a diagnosis of current (12-month) MDD nationally (N = 309,374), 18.8% of whom were also diagnosed with current (12-month) AUD. Veterans with both MDD and AUD were compared to those with MDD alone on sociodemographic characteristics, current (12-month) medical and psychiatric disorders, service utilization, and psychotropic prescriptions. We then used logistic regression analyses to calculate odds ratio and 95% confidence interval of characteristics that were independently different between the groups. Results Dually diagnosed veterans with MDD and AUD, relative to veterans with MDD alone, had a greater number of comorbid health conditions, such as liver disease, drug use disorders, and bipolar disorder as well as greater likelihood of homelessness and higher service utilization. Conclusions and Scientific Significance Dually diagnosed veterans with MDD and AUD had more frequent medical and psychiatric comorbidities and more frequently had been homeless. These data suggest the importance of assessing the presence of comorbid medical/psychiatric disorders and potential homelessness in order to provide appropriately comprehensive treatment to dually diagnosed veterans with MDD and AUD and indicate a need to develop more effective treatments for combined disorders. ER  - 
Oral Tranexamic Acid versus Combined Oral Contraceptives for Adolescent Heavy Menstrual Bleeding: A Pilot Study$$$ Study Objective: To compare the efficacy of oral tranexamic acid (TA) with combined oral contraceptives (COC) in reducing menstrual blood loss (MBL) and improving quality of life in adolescent heavy menstrual bleeding (HMB). Design, Setting, and Participants: A prospective randomized crossover trial with 17 postmenarchal girls aged 21years and younger with HMB who were seen at our institution. Interventions: Patients were randomized to group A (TA arm) or group B (COC arm), each for 3 cycles, with crossover to the second arm after 1-month washout. Main Outcome Measures: The primary end points were difference in improvement in MBL and QOL, from baseline to end of each therapy. Results: Seventeen patients were enrolled (mean age 14.2years, range 11.7 to 16.8years). Nine patients completed both arms; 8 patients withdrew from the study due to adverse events or noncompliance. Compared with baseline, significant improvement (P<.05) was demonstrated by TA and COC in MBL (mean Pictorial Blood Assessment Chart score decrease: TA, 536.4; COC, 430.6) and quality of life (mean Pediatric Quality of Life InventoryTM version 4.0 Generic Scales score increase: TA, 15.6; COC, 16.75), but no significant difference was noted between TA and COC (P>.05). There was statistically significant reduction in the length of menstrual cycle for COC only (mean reduction 5.3days; P=.04) and not for TA (P=.18). Ten patients (58%) experienced adverse events that were possibly drug related (TA: n=3, 30%; COCP: n=7, 64%). Conclusion: In this pilot study, oral TA appeared as efficacious as COC in the management of adolescent HMB by reducing MBL and improving quality of life. ER  - 
Demographics and disease characteristics of patients with psoriasis enrolled in the British Association of Dermatologists Biologic Interventions Register$$$ Summary Background The British Association of Dermatologists Biologic Interventions Register (BADBIR) is a prospective, observational cohort designed to assess the long-term safety of biologic and conventional systemic therapies used for adults with moderate-to-severe psoriasis in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland. Objectives To describe the demographics, disease severity and comorbidities of patients with psoriasis on enrolment into BADBIR, and to highlight differences in those commencing biologics compared with those on conventional systemic therapies. Methods Baseline data were collected from 151 dermatology departments in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland. Descriptive analysis was conducted. Results As of August 2014, 8399 patients were registered with BADBIR; 5065 (60%) received biologics, of whom 52·8% received adalimumab, 24·6% etanercept, 18·7% ustekinumab and 3·9% infliximab. In the comparator cohort 44·1% received methotrexate, 23·1% ciclosporin, 18·0% acitretin and 7·6% fumaric acid esters. Overall 4897 (58%) were male. Patients on biologics had a higher mean ± SD age and disease duration than patients on conventional systemic therapies (46·3 ± 12·7 vs. 44·3 ± 14·3 years and 23·0 ± 12·6 vs. 19·0 ± 13·4 years, respectively; both P < 0·001). Mean body mass index, Psoriasis Area and Severity Index and Dermatology Life Quality Index scores for patients on biologics were higher than for those on conventional systemic therapies (31·0 ± 7·2 vs. 30·1 ± 7·3 kg m-2; 16·4 ± 8·3 vs. 15·5 ± 7·9 and 17·4 ± 7·5 vs. 15·0 ± 7·1, respectively; all P < 0·001). In total 71% of all patients had comorbidities and 47% had more than one comorbidity. The most frequent comorbidities were obesity (42·1%), hypertension (25·7%), depression (22·1%) and psoriatic arthritis (17·1%). Conclusions BADBIR is an invaluable resource to study the safety and effectiveness of both biologic and conventional systemic therapies. Understanding differences in baseline characteristics between cohorts is crucial in undertaking future pharmacovigilance studies. What's already known about this topic? The baseline demographics of patients with psoriasis commencing biologic therapies are well described in the setting of clinical trials. What does this study add? Data collected by the British Association of Dermatologists Biologic Interventions Register reveal that the demographics (e.g. male-to-female ratio), phenotypes of psoriasis and comorbidities of patients with psoriasis commencing conventional systemic or biologic therapies in routine clinical practice in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland are different from those reported in a clinical trial setting. ER  - 
Thallium exists in opioid poisoned patients$$$ Background: Thallium (Tl) is a toxic heavy metal that exists in nature. Tl poisoning (thallotoxicosis) may occur in opioid addicts. This study was designed to evaluate the frequency and level of urinary Tl in opioid abusers. In addition, clinical findings were evaluated. Methods: A total of 150 subjects were examined. Cases with a history of at least 3 years of abuse were admitted in the Imam Reza Hospital as the case group; 50 non-opioid abusers from the target population were included as the control group. Twenty-four hour urinary qualitative and quantitative Tl analyses were performed on both groups. Results: Out of the 150 subjects, 128 (85 %) were negative for qualitative urinary Tl, followed by 5 % (trace), 7 % (1+), 2 % (2+), and 1 % (3+). Mean (standard error (SE), Min-Max) quantitative urinary Tl level was 14 μg/L (3.5 μg/L, 0-346 μg/L). Mean urinary Tl level in the case group was 21 μg/L (5 μg/L, 0-346 μg/L) and that in the controls was 1 μg/L (0.14 μg/L, 0-26 μg/L), which were significantly different (P = 0.001). The most frequent clinical findings were ataxia (86 %), sweating (81 %), and constipation (54 %). In all cases (n = 150), the mean (SE) value for cases with positive qualitative urinary Tl was 26.8 μg/L (0.9 μg/L) and that in the negative cases was 2.3 μg/L (0.2 μg/L), which were significantly different (P = 0.002). Conclusions: This study showed that long-term opioid abuse may lead to Tl exposure. In opioid abusers with the clinical manifestation of thallotoxicosis, urinary Tl should be determined. ER  - 
Risk in homeopathy: Classification of adverse events and homeopathic aggravations - A cross sectional study among Norwegian homeopath patients$$$ The registration of adverse events is important to identify treatment that might impose risk to patients. Homeopathic aggravation, a concept unique for homeopathy may impose a particular risk, as it is tolerant towards a worsening of the patients' symptoms. The aim of this study was to explore the classification of patient reported reactions as homeopathic aggravations or adverse drug reactions. Design and setting: In a cross sectional survey, patients were asked to register any reactions they had experienced 14 days after taking homeopathic remedies. Worsening of symptoms was classified as homeopathic aggravation if it was (i) an increase of the patients' existing symptoms (ii) and/or a feeling of well-being that emerged 1-3 days after taking the remedy (iii) and/or headache and/or fatigue accompanying these symptoms. Results: A total of 26% of the participants reported worsening of symptoms. One third was classified as adverse events. Half of these were graded as minor and the other half as moderate according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events. Two thirds were classified as homeopathic aggravations. Of these, 73% were classified as minor and 27% as moderate, giving a tendency towards milder severity for those classified as homeopathic aggravations (p = 0.065). Conclusion: Patients reported a substantial part of the short-term reactions after taking homeopathic remedy as a worsening of symptoms. These reactions were classified as mild and moderate. Hence, the risk connected to homeopathic treatment is minor. More studies are needed to confirm the existence of homeopathic aggravation and how to classify the concept in a clinically meaningful way. ER  - 
Antipsychotic Drug Use and the Risk of Seizures: Follow-up Study with a Nested Case-Control Analysis$$$ Objective: To investigate the association between antipsychotic drug use and the development of first-time seizures in patients with schizophrenia, affective disorders, or dementia. Methods: We used data from the UK-based Clinical Practice Research Datalink database to conduct a follow-up study with a nested case-control analysis between 1998 and 2013. We identified patients with schizophrenia, affective disorders, or dementia, and estimated incidence rates of seizures among users of four antipsychotic drug subclasses, defined according to existing hypotheses on their seizure-inducing potential (1, olanzapine or quetiapine; 2, amisulpride, aripiprazole, risperidone, or sulpiride; 3, low-to-medium potency first-generation antipsychotic drugs [chlorpromazine, zuclopenthixol, flupenthixol, pericyazine, promazine, thioridazine]; 4, medium-to-high potency first-generation antipsychotic drugs [haloperidol, prochlorperazine, trifluoperazine]), and among those who did not use antipsychotic drugs. To adjust for confounding, we estimated odds ratios for seizures separately among patients with affective disorders or dementia, stratified by antipsychotic drug use and timing of use. Results: In the total cohort of 60,121 patients (who had schizophrenia, affective disorders, or dementia), the incidence rate of seizures per 10,000 person-years was 32.6 (95 % confidence interval [CI] 22.6-42.6) in users of olanzapine or quetiapine, 24.1 (95 % CI 13.2-34.9) in users of amisulpride, aripiprazole, risperidone, or sulpiride, 49.4 (95 % CI 27.7-71.0) in users of low-to-medium potency antipsychotic drugs, 59.1 (95 % CI 40.1-78.2) in users of medium-to-high potency antipsychotic drugs, and 11.7 (95 % CI 10.0-13.4) in non-users of antipsychotic drugs. Patients with dementia had significantly higher incidence rates of first-time seizures compared with patients with affective disorders, irrespective of antipsychotic drug use. In patients with affective disorders, current use of medium-to-high potency first-generation antipsychotic drugs was associated with an increased risk of seizures (adjusted odds ratio 2.51 [95 % CI 1.51-4.18]) compared with non-use, while use of other antipsychotic drugs was not associated with seizures. In patients with dementia, current use of olanzapine or quetiapine (adjusted odds ratio 2.37 [95 % CI 1.35-4.15]), low-to-medium potency first-generation antipsychotic drugs (adjusted odds ratio 3.08 [95 % CI 1.34-7.08]), and medium-to-high potency first-generation antipsychotic drugs (adjusted odds ratio 2.24 [95 % CI 1.05-4.81]) was associated with an increased risk of seizures compared with non-use, but current use of amisulpride, aripiprazole, risperidone, or sulpiride (adjusted odds ratio 0.92 [95 % CI 0.48-1.75]) was not. Use of antipsychotic drugs in patients with schizophrenia could not be investigated because of small numbers. Conclusions: Current use of medium-to-high potency first-generation antipsychotic drugs was associated with a 2.5-fold increased risk of seizures compared with non-use of antipsychotic drugs in patients with affective disorders. In these patients, current use of all other antipsychotic drug subclasses was not associated with seizures. In patients with dementia, current and past use of all antipsychotic drug subclasses, except amisulpride, aripiprazole, risperidone, or sulpiride, was associated with an increased risk of seizures. ER  - 
Optimization of psychopharmacotherapy for schizophrenia in a male, locked, non-acute unit serving for persistently ill patients over one year$$$ We describe real-world psychopharmacological treatment in a Japanese, male, closed psychiatric unit where clozapie was still unavailable. Fifty-five persistently-ill patients with schizophrenia (ICD-10), mean±S.D. age: 57.5±13.0 y.o., duration of illness and admissions: 30.9±15.2 years and 20.7±14.5 years, respectively) treated longitudinally were evaluated. The rule was to treat with a simplest possible psychotropic regimen without polypharmacy. Compared to the baseline, the number and dose of antipsychotics were reduced from 1.9 to 1.1 and 1012 mg/day to 607 mg/day, respectively. The number of total psychotropics was minimized from 4.7 to 2.1, with a simplified once or twice daily dosing. Overall, the CGI-Severity and FACT-Sz (global functioning) improved slightly from 5.8 to 5.5 and 28.7 to 32.6, respectively. Of note, no patients got worse in comparison with the baseline clinical presentation. Forty-four patients were successfully treated with a single antipsychotic; only seven needed two antipsychotics simultaneously while 36 had been treated with antipsychotic polypharmacy at baseline. Benzodiazepines (mostly lorazepam) and antiparkinsonian drugs were prescribed in 28 and only two, respectively. Nineteen needed adjunctive valproate (average blood levels: 99.3±21.8 μg/mL) and nine used lithium (0.61±0.26. mEq/L). Optimization of psychopharmacotherapy is still possible for difficult-to-treat patients and, while augmentation of an antipsychotic with mood stabilizers is frequently needed, antipsychotic polypharmacy should be exceptional. ER  - 
PARADISE 24: A measure to assess the impact of brain disorders on people's lives$$$ Objective: To construct a metric of the impact of brain disorders on people's lives, based on the psychosocial difficulties (PSDs) that are experienced in common across brain disorders. Study Design: Psychometric study using data from a cross-sectional study with a convenience sample of 722 persons with 9 different brain disorders interviewed in four European countries: Italy, Poland, Spain and Finland. Questions addressing 64 PSDs were first reduced based on statistical considerations, patient's perspective and clinical expertise. Rasch analyses for polytomous data were also applied. Setting: In and outpatient settings. Results: A valid and reliable metric with 24 items was created. The infit of all questions ranged between 0.7 and 1.3. There were no disordered thresholds. The targeting between item thresholds and persons' abilities was good and the person-separation index was 0.92. Persons' abilities were linearly transformed into a more intuitive scale ranging from zero (no PSDs) to 100 (extreme PSDs). Conclusion: The metric, called PARADISE 24, is based on the hypothesis of horizontal epidemiology, which affirms that people with brain disorders commonly experience PSDs. This metric is a useful tool to carry out cardinal comparisons over time of the magnitude of the psychosocial impact of brain disorders and between persons and groups in clinical practice and research. ER  - 
Risk factors for glioblastoma therapy associated complications$$$ Abstract Objective Thromboembolic events, seizures, neurologic symptoms and adverse effects from corticosteroids and chemotherapies are frequent clinical complications seen in Glioblastoma (GB) patients. The exact impact these have on dismal patient outcome has not been fully elucidated. We aimed at assessing treatment associated complications, evaluating the impact on survival and defining risk factors. Methods Two hundred and thirty three consecutive adult patients operated on for newly diagnosed GB at a single tertiary institution over a 5-year-period (2006-2011) were assessed. Demographic parameters (age, gender, comorbidity status quantified by the Charlson-comorbidity-index (CCI), functional status computed by the Karnofsky Performance Scale (KPS), tumor characteristics (size, location, IDH-1 mutation and MGMT-Promotor-methylation-status) and treatment parameters (volumetrically quantified extent of resection and adjuvant therapy) were retrospectively reviewed. Complications assessed were recorded as neurological (N), surgical (S) and medical (M). Independent risk factor analysis was performed by the univariate and multivariate logistic regression method. Survival analysis was plotted by the Kaplan-Meier-method, influence of complication occurrence was evaluated by the log-rank test. Results One hundred and fifty nine (68.2%) patients had a total of 281 complications (90 N, 174 M and 17 S). Univariate analysis identified age (P = 0.003), KPS < 70 (P = 0.002), CCI > 3 (P = 0.03), eloquent tumor location (P = 0.001) and therapy other than the standard radio-chemotherapy with temozolomide therapy (P = 0.034) as risk factors for complications. Multivariate analysis extracted the eloquent tumor location (P = 0.007, odds ratio 1.94) as a significant predictor for complications. Having a complication significantly decreased patient survival (P = 0.015). Conclusions Complications significantly decrease GB patient survival. Age, poor functional status, other than standard adjuvant therapy and eloquent tumor location proved as significant risk factors for encountering a therapy associated complication. Not extensive surgery or tumor size but surgery at eloquent locations impacts complication occurrence the strongest with a 2 fold increased complication occurrence risk. ER  - 
Fall prevention and bathroom safety in the epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ Falls are one of the most common adverse events occurring in the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) and can result in significant injury. Protocols and procedures to reduce falls vary significantly between institutions as it is not yet known what interventions are effective in the EMU setting. This study retrospectively examined the frequency of falls and the impact of serial changes in fall prevention strategies utilized in the EMU between 2001 and 2014 at a single institution. Overall fall rate was 2.81 per 1000. patient days and varied annually from 0 to 9.02 per 1000. patient days. Both seizures and psychogenic nonepileptic events occurring in the bathroom were more likely to result in falls compared with events occurring elsewhere in the room. With initiation of increased patient education, hourly nurse rounding, nocturnal bed alarms, having two persons assisting for high fall risk patients when out of bed, and immediate postfall team review between 2001 and 2013, there was a trend of decreasing fall frequency; however, no specific intervention could be identified as having a particular high impact. In late 2013, a ceiling lift system extending into the bathroom was put in place for use in all EMU patients when out of bed. In the subsequent 15. months, there have been zero falls. The results reinforce both the need for diligent safety standards to prevent falls in the EMU as well as the challenges in identifying the most effective practices to achieve this goal. ER  - 
Paroxysmal nonepileptic events in pediatric patients$$$ Objectives: Paroxysmal nonepileptic events (PNEs) are frequently encountered phenomena in children. Although frequencies and types of PNEs have been extensively studied in adult populations, the data available for children and adolescents are limited, especially in patients without underlying neurologic disorders. In this study, we evaluated and compared the characteristics of PNEs between age groups and according to the presence of neurologic deficits to improve early detection and diagnosis of PNEs. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed 887 pediatric patients who were admitted to the epilepsy monitoring unit at the Samsung Medical Center between December 2001 and July 2014. One hundred and forty-one patients (15.9%) were diagnosed as having PNEs on the basis of their clinical history and long-term video-electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring (VEM). Results: Children with PNEs were divided into three groups by age: 1) the infant, toddler, and preschool group (<. 6. years, N. =. 50, 35.5%); 2) the school-age group (6-<. 12. years, N. =. 30, 21.3%); and 3) the adolescent group (12-<. 18. years, N. =. 61, 43.3%). Physiologic disorders, such as normal infant behavior, sleep movement, and staring, were more common in patients younger than 6. years of age, whereas psychogenic nonepileptic seizures were predominant in patients older than 6. years. Vasogenic syncope was also frequently observed in the adolescent group and was confirmed by the head-up tilt test. There was no significant difference in specific PNE types between the groups of patients with or without neurologic deficits. Conclusions: Physiologic symptoms were predominant in the younger age group, whereas psychogenic nonepileptic seizures were observed in older age groups more often. Clinical pattern recognition by age plays an important role in clinical practice, because pediatric patients present various types of PNEs with age-specific patterns. Considering various and inconsistent presentations and the importance of correct diagnosis, long-term VEM can be helpful in diagnosing normal infant behavior and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. ER  - 
Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in New South Wales, Australia, 1999-2010: A case series report$$$ SETTING : The emergence of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) threatens the ongoing control of tuberculosis (TB). The Australian state of New South Wales (NSW) has low TB and MDR-TB incidence. OBJ ECT IVE : To examine the epidemiology and the clinical and public health management of MDR-TB in NSW. DESIGN : A retrospective case-series analysis of MDRTB diagnosed in NSW between 1999 and 2010 was undertaken. A standardised questionnaire was used to collect information from the public health surveillance system, medical records and the State Mycobacterium Reference Laboratory about clinical features, drug susceptibility, treatment regimens, hospitalisation, risk factors for tuberculous infection, contact tracing and patient outcomes. RESULTS : Fifty-five cases of culture-confirmed MDRTB, including two cases of extensively drug-resistant TB, were diagnosed. All cases were reviewed by an expert management panel. Fifty cases (91%) were foreign-born, and 50 cases (91%) had fully supervised treatment. Of the 55 cases, 46 (84%) successfully completed treatment, 3 (5%) died of TB and 3 (5%) required surgery. No MDR-TB cases were reported among contacts. CONCLUSION: Using a multidisciplinary, expert guided, case-management approach, the NSW TB Control Program achieved excellent MDR-TB outcomes. The impact of global increases in MDR-TB requires sustained commitment to TB in all settings. ER  - 
Effectiveness and safety of long-term levetiracetam treatment in patients with refractory epilepsy$$$ Objective: To evaluate the long-term effects and tolerability of levetiracetam (LEV) in refractory epilepsy. Methods: LEV was administered to 76 patients whose seizures were inadequately controlled by their current medications. The patients were followed for a minimum of 18 months but less than 2 years. The efficacy of LEV treatment was assessed retrospectively as the proportion of patients who experienced at least a 50% reduction in the frequency of seizures (50% RR), and adverse events were analyzed. Results: The 50% RR in all 76 patients was 42%. The 50% RRs in the 54 patients with localization-related epilepsy and in the 20 patients with generalized epilepsy were 42% and 35%, respectively. The patients who responded most remarkably to the therapy, with at least a 75% reduction in the frequency of seizures, were more often those with localization-related epilepsy. Among adverse events, irritability and hyperactivity/impulsivity were observed more frequently in this study than in previous reports. These events were observed predominantly in patients suffering from autism or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (AD/HD) as a comorbidity, ±-GTP values were improved in 14 of 17 patients whose values prior to beginning LEV treatment were higher than the normal range. This beneficial effect presumably resulted from a dose reduction or the discontinuation of other hepatotoxic antiepileptic drugs. Conclusions: LEV was useful for the treatment of refractory epilepsy, and long-term efficacy was demonstrated. LEV also appeared to be less hepatotoxic. Behavioral changes should be monitored carefully when LEV is administered to patients with concomitant autism or AD/HD. ER  - 
Systematic review of marijuana's medicinal aspects$$$ BACKGROUND/PURPOSE: To review the scientific evidence base for marijuana as a management strategy for symptoms and side-effects common in the oncologic setting. METHODS: Comprehensive literature review of medicinal marijuana clinical trials. RESULTS: (1) There are no published clinical trials supporting marijuana use in management of emotional traumatization, poor quality of life, seizures or tic (all purported indications cited in the literature). (2) There are open studies, surveys or case reports supporting its use for broncho-constriction, gastrointestinal inflammation and nausea/vomiting (including chemotherapy-induced). (3) There are more than one but less than four clinical trials supporting its use for mood disturbance, muscle spasm and poor appetite. (4) The only clinical trial of marijuana as a treatment for parkinsonism demonstrated negative results. (5) There are six clinical trials supporting its use for pain, particularly neuropathic. CONCLUSIONS: (1) Registered marijuana dispensaries in the USA offer only nonpharmaceutical grade cannabis. (2) With the exception of neuropathic pain, the scientific evidence base in support of this product immature. (3) There is a concerning lack of coherence between scientific evidence base and regulations in several states. (4) The immature evidence base does not negate exciting medicinal potential of cannabis-based and cannabis-like products. Research Implications: (1) Federal regulations should ease barriers to cannabis research (perhaps without changing marijuana's Schedule I status). (2) Well-designed research trials with adequate sample sizes and clinically relevant timeframes should be carried out investigating cannabis' beneficial and harmful effects. Practice Implications: (1) Remember that, legally, healthcare providers are under no obligation to issue certifications. (2) Exhaust conventional symptom management approaches before considering non-pharmaceutical grade cannabis. (3) Use prudence with regard to patients with milder forms of qualifying conditions or with conditions without strong evidence base. ER  - 
COgnitive behavioural therapy vs standardised medical care for adults with Dissociative non-Epileptic Seizures (CODES): A multicentre randomised controlled trial protocol$$$ Background: The evidence base for the effectiveness of psychological interventions for patients with dissociative non-epileptic seizures (DS) is currently extremely limited, although data from two small pilot randomised controlled trials (RCTs), including from our group, suggest that Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) may be effective in reducing DS occurrence and may improve aspects of psychological status and psychosocial functioning. Methods/Design: The study is a multicentre, pragmatic parallel group RCT to evaluate the clinical and cost-effectiveness of specifically-tailored CBT plus standardised medical care (SMC) vs SMC alone in reducing DS frequency and improving psychological and health-related outcomes. In the initial screening phase, patients with DS will receive their diagnosis from a neurologist/epilepsy specialist. If patients are eligible and interested following the provision of study information and a booklet about DS, they will consent to provide demographic information and fortnightly data about their seizures, and agree to see a psychiatrist three months later. We aim to recruit ~500 patients to this screening stage. After a review three months later by a psychiatrist, those patients who have continued to have DS in the previous eight weeks and who meet further eligibility criteria will be told about the trial comparing CBT+SMC vs SMC alone. If they are interested in participating, they will be given a further booklet on DS and study information. A research worker will see them to obtain their informed consent to take part in the RCT. We aim to randomise 298 people (149 to each arm). In addition to a baseline assessment, data will be collected at 6 and 12 months post randomisation. Our primary outcome is monthly seizure frequency in the preceding month. Secondary outcomes include seizure severity, measures of seizure freedom and reduction, psychological distress and psychosocial functioning, quality of life, health service use, cost effectiveness and adverse events. We will include a nested qualitative study to evaluate participants' views of the intervention and factors that acted as facilitators and barriers to participation. Discussion: This study will be the first adequately powered evaluation of CBT for this patient group and offers the potential to provide an evidence base for treating this patient group. Trial registration: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN05681227 ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02325544. ER  - 
A 13-week, randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over trial of ziprasidone in bipolar spectrum disorder$$$ Features of bipolarity in a major depressive disorder sample were used to define a "bipolar spectrum disorder" population for treatment with a neuroleptic agent, ziprasidone. Methods: Forty-nine acutely depressed patients were randomized to ziprasidone-washout-placebo or placebo-washout-ziprasidone in this double-blind, prospective, 13-week crossover trial. All patients met the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, criteria for a major depressive episode and were positive for at least 3 predictors of bipolarity: family history of bipolar disorder, antidepressantinduced mania, highly recurrent depressive episodes (>5), atypical depression, early onset of depression (<age 20), failure to respond to antidepressants or antidepressant tolerance. The most common bipolarity inclusion criteriawere antidepressant tolerance and nonresponse, and atypical depression. Approximately 52% received ziprasidone in monotherapy, 48% as adjunct to antidepressants. Results: There was a small statistically nonsignificant benefit with ziprasidone compared with placebo on Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale change [-1.5 (p = 0.48)]. Statistical carryover effects were observed. Conclusions: Ziprasidone, alone or added to antidepressants, was not more effective than placebo in this population. A false-negative finding due to the crossover design is suggested by statistical carryover effects. Alternatively, this definition of bipolar spectrum illness may have been too nonspecific to show neuroleptic benefit, unlike other definitions, like "mixed depression." Also, this study did not test potential neuroleptic efficacy without the potentially mood-destabilizing effects of antidepressants. ER  - 
Interrater reliability of the modified monitoring of side effects scale for assessment of adverse effects of psychiatric medication in clinical and research settings$$$ The assessment of adverse effects of psychiatric medications is important in clinical and research settings because they are often associated with medication discontinuation, symptom exacerbation, and reduced quality of life. Currently available assessment tools are either limited with regard to the number and variety of included adverse effects or are not practical for use in most clinical or research settings owing to specialized rater training required and administration length. This report describes a modification of the Monitoring of Side Effects Scale (MOSES), an established adverse effect rating scale, by adding severity anchors to improve its reliability and ease of use. Interrater reliability was good for 7 of the 8 bodily adverse effects assessed, with intraclass correlation coefficients ranging from 0.76 to 0.91 in a sample of patients with severe mental illness. This modified version of the Monitoring of Side Effects Scale holds promise as a useful tool for assessing medication adverse effects in clinical and research settings. ER  - 
Headache treatment after electroconvulsive treatment: A single-blinded trial comparator between eletriptan and paracetamol$$$ Background: After electroconvulsive treatment (ECT), headaches are a very frequent but underreported adverse effect. We conducted a study comparing the efficacy and tolerability of eletriptan versus paracetamol for this indication. Methods: Twenty consecutive ECT-treated patients who reported headaches thereafter were recruited; they underwent a headache questionnaire and a Visual Analog Scale (VAS) evaluation on headache intensity at baseline. The VAS was readministered at 30 minutes, 2 hours, and 4 hours after drug intake. Drug allocation was randomly assigned by the ECT nurse, the patient and the investigator being blinded to which drug was given after each ECT session. Results: Of 72 patients screened, 20 (28%) complained of headaches and 19 (95%) completed the study drug protocol. Eleven patients (55%) had diffuse headaches, and 9 (45%) had localized headaches (2 occipital, 4 frontal, and 3 temporal). Eight patients (40%) had pressure type, 7 aching, and 5 had dull headaches. In 14 patients (70%), sleep improved headaches. The mean (SD) headache intensity (on VAS) was 54.2 (17.4) in the eletriptan group and 51.6 (19.3) in the paracetamol group at baseline, 17.9 (16.7) and 35 (17.24), respectively, at 30 minutes (P < 0.0001), and 1.7 (2.9) and 21.1 (14.88), respectively, at 2 hours (P < 0.0001). At 4 hours, none of the patients in the eletriptan group had any headaches, whereas in the paracetamol group, the VAS was 4.8 (5.1) (P = 0.120). The mean (SD) headache duration was 1.61 (1.09) hours in the eletriptan versus 3.55 (1.19) hours in the paracetamol group (P < 0.0001). Conclusions: Our study showed that both eletriptan and paracetamol relieve post-ECT headaches, but eletriptan showed superiority in reducing the intensity and duration of the headaches in this small treatment group. ER  - 
Differential diagnosis of delirious behavior in children with influenza$$$ Delirious behavior (DB) in children infected with influenza virus is an important symptom associated with encephalopathy. As children with influenza-associated DB with encephalopathy may require therapy whereas children with influenza-associated DB without encephalopathy do not, distinguishing between these conditions is essential. To clarify these differences and identify the most common features of acute encephalopathy, we retrospectively reviewed the clinical course, laboratory data, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and electroencephalography (EEG) findings, therapy, and prognosis of 48 children with influenza exhibiting DB. Of the 48 children, 37 and 11 were diagnosed with influenza A and B, respectively. Moreover, 40 were diagnosed with DB without encephalopathy (DBNE group) and 8, with DB with encephalopathy (DBE group). Reversible splenial lesion (RESLE) was detected in 7 patients in the DBNE group, mild encephalitis/encephalopathy with a reversible splenial lesion (MERS) in 2 patients, and a mild form of acute encephalopathy with biphasic seizures and late reduced diffusion in 1 patient in the DBE group. Serum sodium levels <136. mEq/L were observed in 28 cases. Disturbance of consciousness was observed in 25 cases, seizure in 20, and slow waves on EEG in 22. Methylprednisolone pulse therapy was administered in 8 cases. No cases of neurological sequelae were observed. Although most of the clinico-radiological features of the DBNE and DBE groups did not differ substantially, marked differences were observed in the age at onset, initial neurological symptoms, duration of DB, rate of seizure, and slowing of background activity on EEG. These differences should be considered when distinguishing between DBNE and DBE in children. ER  - 
Comparison of lisdexamfetamine and dextroamphetamine exposures reported to U.S. poison centers$$$ Context. Lisdexamfetamine is a pro-drug stimulant that requires the enzymatic hydrolysis of lysine from dexamphetamine for pharmacologic effects. There is limited information comparing non-therapeutic lisdexamfetamine and dextroamphetamine exposures. Objective. The objective was to compare lisdexamfetamine exposures with dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release and dextroamphetamine/amphetamine immediate release. Methods. A retrospective observational case series of single-substance exposures to lisdexamfetamine, dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release, or dextroamphetamine/amphetamine immediate release reported to the National Poison Data System from 2007 to 2012 was performed. Data were analyzed for demographics, reason, clinical effects, management site, and outcomes. Results. There were 23,553 exposures: lisdexamfetamine (7,113), dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release (6,245), and dextroamphetamine/amphetamine immediate release (10,195). The most frequent clinical effects observed for lisdexamfetamine, dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release, and dextroamphetamine/amphetamine immediate release were agitation (19.8%, 21.7%, and 25.1%, respectively) and tachycardia (19.2%, 22.8%, and 23.9%, respectively). The reason was most often exploratory (93.4%) in children < 6 years and therapeutic error (65.6%) in children aged 6-12 years. In adolescents and adults most common reasons were suicide attempts (28.4%) followed by abuse (19.5%) and therapeutic errors (18.8%). Overall, 61.6% of cases were managed in a health care facility, with the majority treated in the emergency department only. The majority of cases (76.0%) experienced no or minor effects. More serious outcomes (moderate/major/death) occurred in 21.2% of lisdexamfetamine, 24.7% of dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release, and 25.5% of dextroamphetamine/amphetamine immediate release. There were 4 deaths (1 dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release and 3 dextroamphetamine/amphetamine immediate release). In patients aged 6 years and more, abuse/misuse was more frequently reported for dextroamphetamine/amphetamine immediate release (32.5%) and dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release (23.0%) than that for lisdexamfetamine (13.5%). The odds of abuse/misuse was 2.3 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.0-2.4) times higher for dextroamphetamine/amphetamine immediate release than that for lisdexamfetamine and dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release combined; the odds of dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release abuse/misuse was 1.9 (95% CI: 1.7-2.2) times higher than lisdexamfetamine. In 2011, the number of lisdexamfetamine abuse/misuse cases exceeded dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release by approximately 26% and plateaued in 2012, but was significantly lower (∼75%) than dextroamphetamine/amphetamine immediate release. Conclusions. Toxic effects were similar for all three drugs. Although the majority of cases were treated at health care facilities, the majority of patients experienced no effects or minor toxicity. Serious outcomes occurred in approximately 21% of lisdexamfetamine and 25% of dextroamphetamine/amphetamine extended release and dextroamphetamine/amphetamine immediate release. Lisdexamfetamine may have less abuse potential, especially compared with the immediate-release dextroamphetamine/amphetamine formulation. ER  - 
Autism and behavior in adult patients with Dravet syndrome (DS)$$$ Introduction: Autism and behavioral characteristics in adults with Dravet syndrome (DS) have rarely been systematically studied. Method: Three scales were used to assess the outcomes of DS in adulthood in terms of autism and behavior. All the adult patients with DS, nine male and four female, aged between 18 and 60. years, living at the Epilepsy Center Kempenhaeghe in The Netherlands were included in the study. In addition, the past medical history of each patient was systematically screened for diagnoses like autism, Pervasive Development Disorder-Not Otherwise Specified (PDD-NOS), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), hyperactivity, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), and self-mutilation. Information concerning past and current use of psychoactive drugs was also evaluated. Results: Eight patients (61.5%) were classified as having autism spectrum disorder (ASD) according to the AVZ-R or according to the medical record. Self-mutilation was seen in four patients (30.8%), hyperactivity in none. Three patients (23.1%) currently used psychoactive drugs. Conclusion: Autism spectrum disorders persist in adult patients with DS, while certain characteristics associated with behavioral problems, such as hyperactivity or use of psychoactive medication, seem to be less prominent than in childhood. ER  - 
How predictable is the erectile function of patients with epilepsy?$$$ Introduction: Erectile dysfunction (ED) is often reported by patients with epilepsy and may be related to endocrine system abnormalities, side effects of antiepileptic drugs, psychiatric comorbidities, and family or social difficulties. Aims: This study aimed to identify independent predictor factors for ED in patients with epilepsy. Main outcome measures: the five-question form of the International Index of Erectile Function (IIEF-5). Methods: Independent predictive factors for ED evaluated by the IIEF-5 questionnaire in 36 patients (mean age: 39. years) with focal epilepsy (mean: 6. seizures/month) were identified by multiple linear regression analysis. Results: Eight (21.1%) patients were asymptomatic. Among the symptomatic patients, 11 (28.9%) had mild dysfunction, 10 (26.3%) had moderate dysfunction, and 9 (23.7%) showed severe ED. The multiple linear regression model including family income (B=0.005; p=0.05), education levels in years (B=0.54; p=0.03), depressive symptoms determined by HADS depression subscale (B=-0.49; p=0.03), and prolactin levels (B=-0.45; p=0.07) showed a moderate association (r=0.64) with the IIEF questionnaire and explained 41% (r<sup>2</sup>=0.41) of its variation. Conclusions: Erectile dysfunction is highly prevalent in patients with focal epilepsies. Education, depressive symptoms, and prolactin levels can predict erectile dysfunction in up to 41% of patients with epilepsy. This preliminary report justifies further efforts to make a large sample size study to identify independent biomarkers and therapeutic targets for ED treatment in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Association of clozapine with seizures: A brief report involving 222 patients prescribed clozapine$$$ Objective: To study the prevalence and incidence of seizures in patients prescribed clozapine. Methods: The treatment records of 222 patients commenced on clozapine were retrospectively reviewed during the period of January 2007 to June 2014 to evaluate the prevalence of seizures before and after starting clozapine. Results: The majority of patients commenced on clozapine were male (65%), single (65%), and unemployed (57%). The mean (± standard deviation) dose of clozapine was 277.9 ± 102.5 mg/day. A history of seizure was present in 6 patients who were also prescribed antiepileptic medication; of these 6 patients, only 1 case had recurrence of seizure while taking clozapine due to poor compliance with ongoing antiepileptic medication. The incidence rate of new-onset seizure with clozapine was 6% (12/216). Most patients who developed seizures were male, aged between 24 and 41 years, and had a long duration of illness (≥ 10 years). The risk of seizure was associated with the dose of clozapine used: 3% (5/159) with dose up to 300 mg/day, 8% (4/49) with 325 to 500 mg/day, and 38% (3/8) in those receiving > 500 mg/day. More than half of the patients (7/12) who developed seizures while prescribed clozapine were managed with reduction in the dose of clozapine. In one-third of cases (4/12) an antiepileptic medication was added and in 1 case, clozapine was stopped. All patients who continued on clozapine remained seizure-free at follow-up that ranged from 6 months to 4 years. Conclusion: The incidence of seizures with clozapine was 6% and the risk of seizures increased with higher doses. ER  - 
Transoccipital endoscopic fenestration of atrial cysts causing ventricular entrapment$$$ Object: Cystic lesions in the atrium (trigone) of the lateral ventricle may become symptomatic due to obstruction of physiological CSF circulation and/or from mass effect on adjacent structures. A minimally invasive approach that not only allows for straightforward access to multiple regions of the atrial cyst wall, but also enables direct inspection of the entire lateral ventricular system, has not been elaborated. In this paper the authors describe their experience with the endoscopic transoccipital horn approach for treating cystic lesions in the atrium of the lateral ventricle. Methods: A retrospective review was performed of all patients who underwent endoscopic surgical treatment for cysts in the atrium of the lateral ventricle between 1999 and 2014. Results: The cohort consisted of 13 consecutive patients who presented with symptomatic lateral ventricular entrapment due to the presence of an atrial cyst. There were 9 male and 4 female patients, with a median age of 5 years. Headache was the most common complaint at presentation. The transoccipital horn approach facilitated successful cyst reduction and fenestration in all cases. Temporal and occipital horn entrapment was reversed in all cases, with reestablishment of a physiological CSF flow pattern throughout the ventricles. Hydrocephalus was also reversed in all patients presenting with this neuroimaging finding at presentation. No cyst or ventricular entrapment was noted to recur during a mean follow-up period of 36 months. No patient in the study cohort required repeat surgery or permanent CSF diversion postoperatively. Conclusions: The endoscopic transoccipital horn approach represents a safe and effective treatment strategy for patients with symptomatic atrial cysts of the lateral ventricle. Using this minimally invasive technique, all poles of the lateral ventricular system can be visualized and the unobstructed flow of CSF can be confirmed after cyst resection obviating the need for additional diversion. ER  - 
The growing spectrum of antibody-associated inflammatory brain diseases in children$$$ Objective: To describe the clinical spectrum, diagnostic evaluation, current management, and neurologic outcome of pediatric antibody-associated inflammatory brain diseases (AB-associated IBrainD). Methods: We performed a single-center retrospective cohort study of consecutive patients aged ≤18 years diagnosed with an AB-associated IBrainD at The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, between January 2005 and June 2013. Standardized clinical data, laboratory test results, neuroimaging features, and treatment regimens were captured. Results: Of 169 children (93 female, 55%) diagnosed with an IBrainD, 16 (10%) had an ABassociated IBrainD. Median age at presentation was 13.3 years (range 3.1-17.9); 11 (69%) were female. Nine patients (56%) had anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, 4 (25%) had aquaporin-4 autoimmunity, 2 (13%) had Hashimoto encephalitis, and 1 (6%) had anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase 65 (GAD65) encephalitis. The key presenting features in children with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, Hashimoto encephalopathy, and anti-GAD65 encephalitis included encephalopathy, behavioral symptoms, and seizures; patients with aquaporin-4 autoimmunity showed characteristic focal neurologic deficits. Six patients (38%) required intensive care unit admission at presentation. Median time from symptom onset to diagnosis was 55 days (range 6-358). All but 1 patient received immunosuppressive therapy. One child with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis died due to multiorgan failure. At last follow-up, after a median follow-up time of 1.7 years (range 0.8-3.7), 27% of the children had function-limiting neurologic sequelae. Conclusions: Children with AB-associated IBrainD represent an increasing subgroup among IBrainD; 1 in 4 children has function-limiting residual neurologic deficits. Awareness of the different clinical patterns is important in order to facilitate timely diagnosis and initiate immunosuppressive treatment. ER  - 
Successful initiation of clozapine in patient with HIV and Hodgkin's lymphoma$$$ Therapeutic Case Report. Background: Clozapine is the drug of choice for patients with treatment resistant schizophrenia failing two antipsychotic treatment regimens, but is often hesitantly prescribed due to potential severe adverse reactions. Agranulocytosis, one of the most severe ADRs, can lead to serious infection and death. Patients with HIV and Hodgkin's lymphoma are at high risk for infection. We present a case of a patient with HIV, Hodgkin's lymphoma, and a complicated psychiatric history who was successfully treated with clozapine following failure of multiple antipsychotic regimens. Complete Patient History: A 43 year old white male with a PMH significant for Hodgkin's lymphoma, HIV, seizures, migraines, polysubstance abuse, schizoaffective disorder, PTSD, and depressive disorder was admitted for psychosis. This was his fourth admission in 2014. Trials of risperidone and olanzapine were unsuccessful in treating his persistent auditory hallucinations encouraging selfharm. Haloperidol had been used for years with partial response. The current admission was a result of persistent auditory hallucinations no longer responding to haloperidol. The patient was diagnosed with HIV in 2007 and managed with a 4-drug regimen of atazanavir, ritonavir, tenofovir, and emtricitabine with a most recent CD4 count of 359 and an undetectable viral load. In 2014, the patient was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma, underwent four cycles of chemotherapy with a complete response to treatment, and then underwent radiation therapy. Based on frequent relapses of psychosis and multiple failed antipsychotic treatments, clozapine was evaluated as a treatment option, deemed appropriate, and initiated at a dose of 25 mg twice daily. By day 7 the patient reported significant improvement of auditory hallucinations. CBC with differential was within acceptable limits to continue clozapine and patient was discharged. Review of the Literature: While case reports exist describing successful treatment with clozapine in patients with HIV or Hodgkin's lymphoma, no case reports or any other evidence was available regarding patients with both disease states. Conclusion: In patients with HIV and Hodgkin's lymphoma and concurrent treatment resistant psychosis, clozapine can still be considered as a potential treatment option. More evidence is needed to determine the long-term safety for clozapine in this patient population. ER  - 
Ziprasidone induced neutropenia in a patient previously stable on clozapine therapy$$$ Therapeutic Case Report. Background: Agranulocytosis is rare adverse drug reaction occurring in approximately 0.05% of patients treated with first generation antipsychotics and 0.5-2.0% of patients treated with clozapine. Severe neutropenia and agranulocytosis have been reported with risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, and aripiprazole. The time course of antipsychotic-induced neutropenia is variable, with lowest values observable between days 40 and 50 in clozapineinduced neutropenia and between days 20 and 30 in other psychotropic agents. Agranulocytosis has been associated with the use of ziprasidone in two published cases. The lack of information regarding this adverse effect with ziprasidone, both in the published literature and from the drug manufacturer suggests this is an extremely rare occurrence. Patient History: A 58 year old Caucasian male Veteran with chronic paranoid schizophrenia, tardive dyskinesia, polysubstance use and chlorpromazine induced seizures was admitted to the hospital in November 2014 due to severe leukopenia and granulocytopenia. Psychotropic use included clozapine 500 mg/day, ziprasidone 160 mg/day, and citalopram 40 mg/day. Clozapine treatment began in 2001, then in 2003 the veteran was placed on an investigational monitoring protocol for maintenance of therapy following severe leukopenia and granulocytopenia. In November 2008, ziprasidone was initiated and titrated to 120 mg/day. In October of 2014, ziprasidone was increased to 160 mg/day, twelve days prior to November hospitalization (-12). Per protocol, the veteran received filgrastim 300 mcg on days 1 and 2 of this hospitalization. His ANC responded favorably. Ziprasidone was reduced to 120 mg/day on day 3 and to 80 mg/day on day 7. Review of Literature: A literature search revealed two cases demonstrating an association between ziprasidone and agranulocytosis. Conclusion: In this case, the veteran was diagnosed with ziprasidoneinduced neutropenia. This case suggests that neutropenia with ziprasidone may be more common than previously thought, especially in patients who are also prescribed clozapine. ER  - 
Utilization and effectiveness of antiepileptic drugs for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder$$$ Work in Progress. Background: Current guidelines for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) include discussion of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in the treatment of PTSD, but do not recommend their use as first- or second-line agents, based on available evidence. Present understanding of the pathophysiology of PTSD suggests the clinical utility of AEDs that modulate glutamatergic neurotransmission. Numerous case reports and open-label trials have demonstrated the effectiveness of these agents for all PTSD symptom clusters, with potentially greater effect mitigating hyperarousal. As there are numerous AEDs available to the clinician, comparative effectiveness would be beneficial to establish. Similarly, if specific agents are better tolerated or more effective for patients with certain comorbidities or demographic characteristics, that knowledge would help guide practice. This utilization review of AEDs in the treatment of PTSD at the Richmond Veterans Affairs Medical Center seeks to describe the effectiveness of these agents. Objectives: The study sought to determine the frequency of use for various AEDs used in the treatment of PTSD and describe the relative effectiveness of these agents. The relationship between effectiveness of specific AEDs and various comorbid conditions was also determined. Methods: A retrospective chart review of patients who received AEDs (divalproex, lamotrigine, topiramate, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine) from a Mental Health Clinic provider at the Richmond VAMC during the period of October 1, 2013 to September 30, 2014 was performed. Those patients with a diagnosis of PTSD were further examined and demographic data was collected. Patients with comorbid seizures, bipolar or schizoaffective disorders were excluded from additional analyses. Data was collected on the frequency of use for specific AEDs as well as comorbid conditions. Effectiveness of treatment was approximated based on discontinuation rates and hospitalization for psychiatric care. Outcomes: A total of 234 patients met criteria. Overall effectiveness of AEDs was 69%. Without consideration for comorbidities, effectiveness of specific agents was determined to be 75% for carbamazepine (n = 12), 67% for divalproex (n = 95), 60% for lamotrigine (n = 45), 25% for oxcarbazepine (n = 4), and 77% for topiramate (n = 78). The most common psychiatric and neurologic comorbidities were major depressive disorder (62%), chronic pain (61%), and migraines (32%). Additional analyses will be presented. ER  - 
Lamotrigine associated retinal photoxicity$$$ Purpose: Lamotrigine [3,5-diamino-6-(2,3-dichlorophenyl)-1,2,4-triazine) is an anticonvulsant drug, FDA approved for the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is also utilized off label for clinical depression. Lamotrigine absorbs ultraviolet(UV) light and generates free oxygen radicals potentially leading to cellular damage. We describe two patients using lamotrigine that experienced retinal photoxicity during uncomplicated vitreoretinal procedures involving routine light exposure. Methods: Two patients on lamotrigine were examined and treated at a community based vitreoretinal practice. They were subsequently identified with symptoms consistent with retinal phototoxicity. The first patient noted central scotoma after vitrectomy for vitreous opacities. The second pateint experienced a profound decrease in vision after photodynamic therapy for chronic central serous retinopathy. Both patients were examined with multi-modal imaging including fundus photography, spectral domaim optical coherence tomography(SD-OCT) imaging, fluorescein and indocycanine green angiography. Results: The patients noted permanent visual changes after routine vitreoretinal procedures that would not be ordinarily be expected to induce light toxicity. In the first patient, fundus autofluoresence showed foveal hypoautorfluoresence with surrounding ring of hyperautofluoresence and OCT imaging revealed subtle disturbance of the inner and outer segment(IS/OS) junction of the photoreceptors. The second patient clearly had yellow foveal lesion on fundus photography and full thickness hyperreffectivity at the fovea with disruption of the external limiting membrane and IS/OS junction. Conclusions: This is the first report of lamotrigine associated retinal photoxicity. Lamotrigine is a photosensitizer that is known to potentially lead to a photochemical reaction manifested as severe sunburn and may as well induce retinal phototoxicity during routine vitreoretinal procedures. Care should be taken to screen patients for use of this drug and consider discontinuing the drug prior to any planned vitreoretinal procedure involving light exposure. Exposure to even routine levels of light during treatment may lead to permanent and irreversible damage. ER  - 
Longitudinal study investigating the role of social factors in hospital re-admissions for alcohol detox$$$ Introduction The National Health Service expenditure on alcohol services is estimated to be £2.7 billion with over 78% of costs incurred from hospital-based care.1 Patients with alcohol problems are major contributors to hospital readmission,2 reduction of which is also a key government objective. We aim to investigate the social and lifestyle factors that predict alcohol readmissions. Method Discharge summaries, case-notes and blood results were reviewed for patients requiring in-hospital Alcohol Detox (AD) between 1/10/2013 and 1/3/2014. They were then followed up to 1/8/2014. Data was collected on emergency Department (ED) re-presentation, hospital re-admission, community alcohol services (CAS) engagement, reasons for drinking alcohol and Childs- Pugh Score. Results 189 patients were admitted and required input from alcohol liaison team, 76% (n = 144) of these required AD. Of these, 35% (n = 51 patients) required further admissions during the study period which accounted for 149 ED presentation episodes and 92 re-admission episodes. Within this cohort, admission in 58% (n = 30) of individuals were secondary to alcohol with 57 such episodes. Reasons for re-admission in this group included alcohol withdrawal symptoms (51%, n = 29), seizures (25%, n = 14), decompensated liver disease (14%, n = 8), gastrointestinal bleeding (n = 7) and alcoholic hepatitis (n = 3). Re-admission rates between this group and those admitted for other reasons and requiring AD was similar. Child-Pugh Score of A, B and C was noted in 71%, 14% and 15% of patients respectively. Identified social factors associated with alcohol excess were habitual alcohol consumption (82%), bereavement (4%), stress (28%), drug abuse (10%), social isolation (39%), unemployment (55%), started drinking at early age (65%) and CAS engagement (12%). Paradoxically admitting to alcohol dependence (51%, p < 0.001) and engagement with community alcohol services (12%, p = 0.04) led to higher chance of readmission and this could be due to greater healthcare seeking behaviour and awareness of their condition. Conclusion This study identified social factors that associate with re-admission to hospital secondary to alcohol related diseases. Addressing these factors proactively may lead to better outcomes and reduction in hospital re-admissions for patients. ER  - 
Phase II trial of the PI3 kinase inhibitor BKM120 with or without enzalutamide in men with metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC)$$$ Background: PI3K pathway activation is common in mCRPC. BKM120 (buparlisib) is an oral, panclass I PI3 kinase inhibitor. Preclinical data demonstrated a reciprocal feedback loop between PI3K and androgen receptor (AR) signaling; thus, we evaluated the efficacy of BKM120 in men with heavily pre-treated mCRPC including those progressing on enzalutamide (E). Methods: This was a 3 site phase 2 Dept of Defense Prostate Cancer Clinical Trials Consortium open-label trial of BKM120 100 mg once daily with ongoing ADT in men with mCRPC who had failed or were not candidates for docetaxel. Continuation of E was permitted in men progressing on E with subsequent addition of BKM120. The primary endpoint was the rate of composite of radiographic and clinical PFS at 6 months with a goal of 40% vs. a historic rate 25% using a two-stage design with interim futility analysis. Results: Thirty men were accrued: 63% post-docetaxel; median PSA was 70 ng/dl, 83% had > 4 prior therapies for CRPC; 43% men received concurrent E. The trial met criteria for futility, with a 6 month PFS rate of 10% (95% CI 2.5-23.6%). Median composite PFS was 1.9 months (95% CI: 1.8, 3.4) and 3.5 months (95% CI 1.2, 5.5) with concurrent E. Median OS was 11 months (95% CI 4.8, 14.4). E did not appear to increase the BKM120 side effect profile. The PSA decline proportion was 23%, but no patients achieved a > 50% decline, with median PSA change of +39%. No objective responses were observed. Related SAEs occurred in 3 men including respiratory infection and organ failure (1), urinary tract obstruction due to local progression (1), and severe confusion (1). One seizure was observed in a man who was found to have a new CNS metastasis during concurrent BKM120/E therapy. Grade 3 related AEs were seen in 47% of patients, with 10% stopping BKM120 due to toxicity. The most common related AEs included grade 1-2 weight loss, diarrhea, nausea, fatigue, anorexia, rash, hyperglycemia, and anxiety and mood disorders. Conclusions: BKM120 did not improve PFS over historic control data in men with mCRPC, either alone or when added to AR inhibition in men progressing on enzalutamide. These data suggest that PI3K inhibition is not sufficient to block mCRPC progression. ER  - 
Phase II trial of the PI3 kinase inhibitor BKM120 with or without enzalutamide in men with metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC)$$$ Background: PI3K pathway activation is common in mCRPC. BKM120 (buparlisib) is an oral, pan-class I PI3 kinase inhibitor. Preclinical data demonstrated a reciprocal feedback loop between PI3K and androgen receptor (AR) signaling; thus, we evaluated the efficacy of BKM120 in men with heavily pre-treated mCRPC including those progressing on enzalutamide (E). Methods: This was a 3 site phase 2 Dept of Defense Prostate Cancer Clinical Trials Consortium open-label trial of BKM120 100 mg once daily with ongoing ADT in men with mCRPC who had failed or were not candidates for docetaxel. Continuation of E was permitted in men progressing on E with subsequent addition of BKM120. The primary endpoint was the rate of composite of radiographic and clinical PFS at 6 months with a goal of 40% vs. a historic rate 25% using a twostage design with interim futility analysis. Results: Thirty men were accrued: 63% post-docetaxel; median PSA was 70 ng/dl, 83% had > 4 prior therapies for CRPC; 43% men received concurrent E. The trial met criteria for futility, with a 6 month PFS rate of 10% (95% CI 2.5-23.6%). Median composite PFS was 1.9 months (95% CI: 1.8, 3.4) and 3.5 months (95% CI 1.2, 5.5) with concurrent E. Median OS was 11 months (95% CI 4.8, 14.4). E did not appear to increase the BKM120 side effect profile. The PSA decline proportion was 23%, but no patients achieved a > 50% decline, with median PSA change of +39%. No objective responses were observed. Related SAEs occurred in 3 men including respiratory infection and organ failure (1), urinary tract obstruction due to local progression (1), and severe confusion (1). One seizure was observed in a man who was found to have a new CNS metastasis during concurrent BKM120/E therapy. Grade 3 related AEs were seen in 47% of patients, with 10% stopping BKM120 due to toxicity. The most common related AEs included grade 12 weight loss, diarrhea, nausea, fatigue, anorexia, rash, hyperglycemia, and anxiety and mood disorders. Conclusions: BKM120 did not improve PFS over historic control data in men with mCRPC, either alone or when added to AR inhibition in men progressing on enzalutamide. These data suggest that PI3K inhibition is not sufficient to block mCRPC progression. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and quality of life in patients with epilepsy: A tertiary care hospital-based study$$$ Objectives: The present study evaluated patterns of the use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and their impact on quality of life (QOL) in patients with epilepsy. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, patients with epilepsy (age >18 years) receiving AEDs for at least 1 year were enrolled. Demographic, clinical, and treatment parameters were recorded. QOL was measured using the modified Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-10 (QOLIE-10) questionnaire for epilepsy. Results: Of 200 patients, 53.5% were males and 60% were younger than 30 years. Seizures were predominantly partial (58%) and of idiopathic origin (61%). Monotherapy to polytherapy ratio was 1:1, with 70% of the patients on one new AED. Clobazam (37%) was used most frequently followed by phenytoin (25.5%), levetiracetam (23%), oxcarbazepine (21.5%), and carbamazepine (21%). Patients on polytherapy experienced a significantly more number of adverse drug reactions than did those on monotherapy (P < 0.0001). The mean QOLIE-10 score was 74.58 ± 20.60. There was no significant difference in seizure frequency, number of adverse drug reactions, and QOLIE-10 score among patients receiving old and new AEDs. Multiple linear regression analysis identified increased seizure frequency (standardized β -0.157; P = 0.003), more number of AEDs (standardized β 0.107; P = 0.05) as well as adverse drug reactions (standardized β -0.692; P = 0.0001) as significant predictors of poor QOL. Conclusions: Appropriate tools for early detection, selection of rational and safer AED treatment options, and regular monitoring for adverse effects play a crucial role in achieving seizure freedom and optimal QOL in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Complications of post-craniectomy cranioplasty: Risk factor analysis and implications for treatment planning$$$ The aim of this study was to review all post-craniectomy cranioplasties performed in a single institution, with an emphasis on procedure-related complications and risk factor analysis. Post-craniectomy cranioplasty is known to be associated with significant complications. Previous studies on predictors of complications have yielded conflicting results. We conducted a retrospective study on prospectively collected data on all cranioplasties done between 1 January 2003 and 31 December 2012. Multivariate analysis was performed to interrogate potential risk factors predisposing to procedure-related complications. Of the 162 procedures, the overall complication rate was 16.7%. Infection and flap depression occurred in 13 (8%) and five patients (3.1%), respectively. These led to reoperations in 12 patients. The presence of a ventriculoperitoneal shunt during cranioplasty was the only significant factor associated with a higher rate of infection (28.6% versus 9.7%, p = 0.001) and flap depression (14.3% versus 3.3%, p = 0.03). Indications for the initial craniectomy, choice of graft materials and the time interval between craniectomy and cranioplasty had no significant association with complications. The presence of ventriculoperitoneal shunt at the time of cranioplasty is a significant risk factor for cranioplasty complications. Early cranioplasty is safe. Whether temporizing lumbar or external ventricular drainage is a better alternative to shunting in patients who are drainage-dependent at the time of cranioplasty remain to be determined. ER  - 
People with epilepsy lack knowledge about their disease$$$ For people with epilepsy, knowledge of their disease is an important factor in optimizing the control of their seizures. Better-informed patients can more easily participate in the treatment process, reducing disease-related anxiety and coping better with stigma. This study was developed in a Lithuanian tertiary epilepsy center to assess knowledge of disease among people with epilepsy, to estimate differences in disease knowledge between patient groups, and to evaluate how epilepsy influences patients' daily lives. We asked patients to complete a questionnaire and collected information from outpatient cards on epilepsy etiology, type of seizures, findings of diagnostic tests, and information about patients' antiepileptic drugs. Our results showed that people with epilepsy have poor knowledge about their disease: almost half of the patients did not identify the cause of their illness or their type of seizures; most did not know the results of their EEG and neuroimaging studies. Patients also lacked general knowledge about their disease and implications for lifestyle. However, cognitive deficits were not assessed in this study, and this may have affected the answers where patients were required to recall and name their drugs or the dosage of medication. Almost half of them believed that epilepsy had changed their lives significantly and reported anxiety and constant fear of seizures. Patients were also afraid to have because of the possibility they would also have epilepsy. There is clearly a great need for improved educational intervention for people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Impact of depression and anxiety on adverse event profiles in Korean people with epilepsy$$$ Previous studies have shown that depression and anxiety worsen the adverse events associated with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in people with epilepsy. These studies used the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP) to screen adverse events. The LAEP incorporates items associated with emotion, which may themselves influence the reporting of adverse events. We investigated whether depression and anxiety still displayed an effect on adverse events when items related to emotion were excluded from the analysis. A total of 453 consecutive patients with epilepsy who took AEDs for at least 1. year completed self-report questionnaires, including the Korean versions of the LAEP (K-LAEP), the Beck Depression Inventory (K-BDI), and the Beck Anxiety Inventory (K-BAI). Firstly, we performed a discrimination analysis to identify the items affected by depression and/or anxiety among the 19 items included in the K-LAEP. Among these items, dizziness, nervousness and/or agitation, restlessness, and upset stomach had relatively higher levels of significance. Secondly, we performed a factor analysis to determine the subclass taxonomy of all items in the K-LAEP. The analysis segregated the items into three subclasses: cephalgia/coordination/sleep, emotion/cognition, and tegument/mucosa/weight. Lastly, we performed stepwise multiple regressions to demonstrate the predictors determining the K-LAEP and subclass scores. According to the regressions, the K-BAI and K-BDI scores and the duration of treatment of the antiepileptic medication were significant predictors. Specifically, the K-BAI score was a predictor of the scores of all three subclasses as well as the total K-LAEP score; the K-BDI score was a predictor of the total K-LAEP score and the emotion/cognition score; and the duration of treatment of the antiepileptic medication was a predictor of the tegument/mucosa/weight score. The K-BAI score was the strongest predictor of all the scores. Although this study showed a similar impact of depression and anxiety on the adverse event profiles as previous reports, it provided further insight into the contribution of the LAEP items associated with emotion. Other than the psychosocial predictors, the treatment duration of the antiepileptic medication was also found to be an important predictor in this study. ER  - 
Clozapine for treatment-resistant bipolar disorder: A systematic review$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of clozapine for treatment-resistant bipolar disorder (TRBD). Methods: A systematic review of randomized controlled studies, open-label prospective studies, and retrospective studies of patients with TRBD was carried out. Interventions included clozapine monotherapy or clozapine combined with other medications. Outcome measures were efficacy and adverse drug reactions (ADRs). Results: Fifteen clinical trials with a total sample of 1,044 patients met the inclusion criteria. Clozapine monotherapy or clozapine combined with other treatments for TRBD was associated with improvement in: (i) symptoms of mania, depression, rapid cycling, and psychotic symptoms, with many patients with TRBD achieving a remission or response; (ii) the number and duration of hospitalizations, the number of psychotropic co-medications, and the number of hospital visits for somatic reasons for intentional self-harm/overdose; (iii) suicidal ideation and aggressive behavior; and (iv) social functioning. In addition, patients with TRBD showed greater clinical improvement in long-term follow-up when compared with published schizophrenia data. Sedation (12%), constipation (5.0%), sialorrhea (5.2%), weight gain (4%), and body ache/pain (2%) were the commonly reported ADRs; however, these symptoms but did not usually require drug discontinuation. The percentage of severe ADRs reported, such as leukopenia (2%), agranulocytosis (0.3%), and seizure (0.5%), appeared to be lower than those reported in the published schizophrenia literature. Conclusion: The limited current evidence supports the concept that clozapine may be both an effective and a relatively safe medication for TRBD. ER  - 
Brain MRI in neuropsychiatric lupus: associations with the 1999 ACR case definitions$$$ The purpose of this study was to identify the characteristic magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) findings in neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) and to investigate the association between MRI findings and neuropsychiatric manifestations in SLE. Brain MRIs with a diagnosis of SLE from 2002 to 2013 from three tertiary university hospitals were screened. All clinical manifestations evaluated by brain MRI were retrospectively reviewed. If the clinical manifestations were compatible with the 1999 NPSLE American College of Rheumatology (ACR) nomenclature and case definitions, the brain MRIs were assessed for the presence of white matter hyperintensities, gray matter hyperintensities, parenchymal defects, atrophy, enhancement, and abnormalities in diffusion-weighted images (DWI). The number, size, and location of each lesion were evaluated. The neuropsychiatric manifestation of each brain MRI was classified according to the 1999 ACR NPSLE case definitions. The associations between MRI findings and NPSLE manifestations were examined. In total, 219 brain MRIs with a diagnosis of SLE were screened, and 133 brain MRIs met the inclusion criteria for NPSLE. The most common MRI abnormality was white matter hyperintensities, which were observed in 76 MRIs (57.1 %). Gray matter hyperintensities were observed in 41 MRIs (30.8 %). Parenchymal defects were found in 31 MRIs (23.3 %), and atrophy was detected in 20 MRIs (15.0 %). Patients who had seizures were more associated with gray matter hyperintensities than patients with other neuropsychiatric manifestations. Patients with cerebrovascular disease were more associated with gray matter hyperintensity, parenchymal defects, and abnormal DWI than patients with other neuropsychiatric manifestations. In addition to white matter hyperintensities, which were previously known as SLE findings, we also noted the presence of gray matter hyperintensities, parenchymal defects, and abnormal DWI in a substantial portion of SLE patients, particularly in those with cerebrovascular disease or seizures. ER  - 
Hyperventilation and photic stimulation are useful additions to a placebo-based suggestive seizure induction protocol in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ The early and definitive diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures is a common challenge in epileptology practice. Suggestive seizure induction is a valuable tool to aid the differentiation between epileptic and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, especially when long-term video-EEG monitoring is inconclusive or unavailable.In this retrospective analysis, we compared the diagnostic yield of a classical, placebo-based induction protocol with that of an extended protocol that includes hyperventilation and photic stimulation as means of suggestion while also implementing more open, standardized patient information. We investigated whether the diversification of suggestive seizure induction has an effect on diagnostic yield and whether it preempts the administration of placebo.Data from 52 patients with confirmed psychogenic nonepileptic seizures were analyzed. While suggestive seizure induction using only placebo-based suggestion provoked a typical event in 13 of 20 patients (65%), the extended protocol was positive in 27 of 34 cases (84%); this improvement was not significant (p = 0.11). Noninvasive suggestion techniques accounted for 78% of inductions, avoiding placebo administration in a majority of patients. Still, placebo remains an important part of suggestive seizure induction, responsible for 22% (6 out of 27) of successful inductions using our extended protocol.Our study demonstrates that the diversification of suggestive seizure induction is feasible and beneficial for both patients and diagnosticians. ER  - 
Prescription opioid epidemic and infant outcomes$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Although opioid pain relievers are commonly prescribed in pregnancy, their association with neonatal outcomes is poorly described. Our objectives were to identify neonatal complications associated with antenatal opioid pain reliever exposure and to establish predictors of neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS). METHODS: We used prescription and administrative data linked to vital statistics for mothers and infants enrolled in the Tennessee Medicaid program between 2009 and 2011. A random sample of NAS cases was validated by medical record review. The association of antenatal exposures with NAS was evaluated by using multivariable logistic regression, controlling for maternal and infant characteristics. RESULTS: Of 112 029 pregnant women, 31 354 (28%) filled ≥1 opioid prescription. Women prescribed opioid pain relievers were more likely than those not prescribed opioids (P < .001) to have depression (5.3% vs 2.7%), anxiety disorder (4.3% vs 1.6%) and to smoke tobacco (41.8% vs 25.8%). Infants with NAS and opioid-exposed infants were more likely than unexposed infants to be born at a low birth weight (21.2% vs 11.8% vs 9.9%; P < .001). In a multivariable model, higher cumulative opioid exposure for short-acting preparations (P , .001), opioid type (P < .001), number of daily cigarettes smoked (P < .001), and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor use (odds ratio: 2.08 [95% confidence interval: 1.67-2.60]) were associated with greater risk of developing NAS. CONCLUSIONS: Prescription opioid use in pregnancy is common and strongly associated with neonatal complications. Antenatal cumulative prescription opioid exposure, opioid type, tobacco use, and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor use increase the risk of NAS. ER  - 
Acute and longer-term safety results from a pooled analysis of duloxetine studies for the treatment of children and adolescents with major depressive disorder$$$ Objective: To assess acute and longer-term safety of duloxetine in the treatment of children and adolescents with major depressive disorder (MDD), a pooled analysis of data from two completed randomized, double-blind, multicenter, phase 3, placebo- and active-controlled trials was undertaken. In these studies, neither duloxetine (investigational drug) nor fluoxetine (active control) demonstrated a statistically significant improvement compared with placebo on the primary efficacy measure. Methods: Patients ages 7-17 years with MDD as defined by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th ed., Text Revision (DSM-IV-TR) received duloxetine (n=341), fluoxetine (n=234), or placebo (n=225) for 10 week acute and 26 week extended (duloxetine or fluoxetine only) treatments. Safety measures included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs), the Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale, vital signs, electrocardiograms, laboratory samples, and growth (height and weight) assessments. Results: Significantly more patients discontinued because of adverse events during duloxetine (8.2%) treatment than during placebo (3.1%) treatment (p≤0.05). TEAEs in >10% of duloxetine-treated patients were headache and nausea. No completed suicides or deaths occurred. During acute treatment, 6.6% of duloxetine-, 8.0% of fluoxetine-, and 8.2% of placebo-treated patients had worsening suicidal ideation from baseline. Among patients initially randomized to duloxetine or fluoxetine who had suicidal ideation at study baseline, 81% of duloxetine- and 77% of fluoxetine-treated patients had improvements in suicidal ideation at end-point in the 36-week studies. Suicidal behavior occurred in two fluoxetine-treated patients and one placebo-treated patient during acute treatment, and in seven duloxetine-treated patients and one fluoxetine-treated patient during extended treatment. Duloxetine-treated patients had a mean pulse increase of ∼3 beats per minute, and mean blood pressure (both systolic and diastolic) increases of <2.0 mm Hg at week 36. Weight decrease (≥3.5%) during acute treatment occurred with statistically (p≤0.05) greater frequency for both the duloxetine (11.4%) and fluoxetine (11.5%) groups versus the placebo (5.5%) group; however, mean weight increase occurred for both duloxetine and fluoxetine groups during extended treatment. Conclusion: Results from this pooled analysis of two studies were consistent with the known safety and tolerability profile of duloxetine. Clinical Trial Registry Numbers: NCT00849901 and NCT00849693. ER  - 
Psychiatric consultations and the management of associated comorbid medical conditions in a regional referral hospital$$$ Background. Psychiatrists are often called upon to evaluate patients with a medical condition and psychiatric symptoms, either as a complication thereof or initial presenting symptoms. There are often grey areas with regard to neuropsychiatric disorders in which psychiatrists and specialists from other clinical disciplines would need to co-manage or share ideas on the comprehensive treatment of a presenting patient. Objectives. This study was undertaken to provide a demographic and clinical profile of all patients consulted by the consultation-liaison psychiatry (CLP) service at the Helen Joseph Hospital (HJH) in Johannesburg, and to describe the clinical management of patients admitted with a diagnosis of a mental disorder associated with a comorbid medical condition, including delirium, dementia and a mood or psychotic disorder due to a general medical condition. Methods. A retrospective record review of all patients referred to the HJH CLP team over a 6-month period. Results. A total of 884 routine and emergency consultations were done for 662 patients (males n=305; females n=357) between the ages of 13 and 90 years who were referred from various other clinical departments. The most common documented reason for referral was a request for assessment (n=182; 27.5%), which consisted of mental state assessment, reconsultation and assessing capacity. A total of 63 patients (10.0% of cases consulted) were admitted to either the medical or psychiatric wards with a confirmed diagnosis of delirium, dementia and/or a mood or psychotic disorder due to a general medical condition (although admission wards were identified in 55 files only). The medical wards admitted the majority (n=37; 67.3%) mostly for delirium (n=28; 50.9%). HIV was identified as the most common systemic aetiological factor (n=23; 67.7%). Conclusion. In this study, a female patient between 31 and 45 years of age was slightly more likely to be referred to the HJH CLP service for assessment, and was more likely to be managed in the medical wards for delirium, which was most often associated with HIV/AIDS. The study highlighted the need for development of guidelines to facilitate adequate and effective use of this service for the local practice of CLP in a general specialist referral hospital like HJH, which would cover the following: clinical management; training needs; and administrative procedures. ER  - 
Characterization of population assisted in the educational audiology department of a clinical hospital in the country side of São Paulo State [Audiology]$$$ Introduction: It is essential that individuals with hearing impairment are included in rehabilitation programs to improve the hearing and language development. Objective: To characterize the population assisted in the Educational Audiology department of a Clinical Hospital of São Paulo state. Methods and Results: Methods: A analytic retrospective observational study data has been described by analyzing the folders of patients assisted in the Educational Audiology Program of this Hospital. The Profile was characterized by the following aspects: gender, age, type of device, hearing impairment acquisition period, etiology, mode of communication and associated impairments. Results: There was 30 patients. 50% were male, 50% female; 90% children and 10% adults; 70% use only hearing aids and 30% cochlear implant; 86.6% had pre-lingual hearing impairment, 13.3% had post-lingual hearing impairment; the predominant etiologies were idiopathic (40%), following by prematurity (16.6%) and chronic otitis media (10%); 56.6% had a predominance of oral communication, 43.3% had gestural communication; 70% had some associated impairment, including mental retardation (23.3%), epilepsy (10%), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder(6,6%) and cerebral palsy (6,6%). Conclusion: The most of patients was children, individual hearing aid users, whose hearing loss was acquired in pre-lingual period. The predominant etiologic factors were idiopathic, prematurity and chronic otitis media. The predom-inant mode of communication was oral. The most common associated impairments were mental retardation, epilepsy, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and cerebral palsy. ER  - 
Tuberous Sclerosis Complex: An update on neurological aspects$$$ Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is a rare genetic disorder characterizedby the development of benign tumors across several organs. The diagnosisof TSC is made based on the presence of certain major and minor criteria,which were recently revised at the 2012 International TSC ConsensusConference. Mutations in either TSC1 (hamartin) or TSC2 (tuberin) geneare identified in approximately 85% of the patients. These result inconstitutive activation of the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR)complex 1, which is a key regulator of cell growth and proliferation.For patients with antenatal or presymptomatic diagnosis in infancy,follow up should provide early detection of electric and clinical seizuresin order to initiate AEDs. Epilepsy could manifest by focal seizures and/or infantile spasms. Vigabatrin is the treatment of choice and in case offailure, steroids and ketogenic diet should be proposed. Surgery shouldbe considered in all patients and should be performed by a team dedicated to childhood epilepsy surgery. Successful treatment of infantilespasms can improve the overall cognitive prognosis. The role of mTorinhibitors in the treatment of epilepsy is actually being evaluated in aplacebo controlled trial.Subependymal giant cell astrocytomas (SEGAs), the major cause ofdeath and comorbidities in childhood, should be monitored with regularimaging. Growing SEGA is an indication for therapy which should beperformed before the onset of intracranial hypertension signs andsymptoms. Treatment of SEGA could be surgical or with mTor inhibitorsdepending on the tumor volume and number, the emergency setting,the association of other benign tumors and the neurosurgeon expertise.TSC-associated neuropsychiatric disorders (academic/scholastic difficulties, autism spectrum disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder,depressive disorder, and anxiety disorder) are frequently reported whencarefully checked and should be carefully followed in patients withneurological involvement. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of phenobarbital for benzodiazepine detoxification$$$ Objective: Benzodiazepine use can result in clinical issues such as memory impairment, dependence and abuse.1 Withdrawal symptoms can vary from simple rebound anxiety to life-threatening seizures. Severity is associated with short-acting benzodiazepines, prolonged or high-dose use.2 Although multiple clinical approaches are used, limited data are currently available on the safety and effective of benzodiazepine detoxification protocols. A fixed-dose phenobarbital taper, a long-acting cross-tolerant medication, has been used by our Clinical Toxicology Unit for 30 years. We undertook this study to formally investigate its safety and effectiveness. Methods: Using our database, a retrospective study was carried out in order to evaluate all patients treated with fixed-dose phenobarbital taper for benzodiazepine detoxification from January 2006 to December 2012. The primary outcomes, assessed during hospital stay and at the 1st and 12th month after discharge, were safety, tolerability and efficacy of protocol. Results: Over the 6-year study period 213 patients were treated, median age 41 years, 60% male (n = 129). Of these 46% (n = 98) of patients were solely addicted to benzodiazepine, while 54% (n = 115) had concomitant abuse with alcohol, opioids or both. Overall, 12 different benzodiazepines were abused, with lormetazepam the most commonly used (n = 84, 32%). Psychiatric comorbidity was found in 76% of patients (n = 162), with anxiety and depression disorders as the most prevalent. No major adverse phenobarbital side effects were observed and no patients showed any severe benzodiazepine-related withdrawal syndrome. Average hospital length of stay was 8.5 days. All patients were treated initially with 50-100 mg phenobarbital every 8 hours, on the basis of referred abuse and adjusted on account of symptoms. Phenobarbital was progressively tapered during hospitalization and rehabilitation. The tolerability of the protocol was confirmed by the low drop-out rate (10%, n = 22). At time of discharge, 70% (n = 132) of patients were completely benzodiazepine-free. Phenobarbital was completely tapered off over in a 3 month period. Analyzing the relapse rate of the treated patients during the years 2011-2012, 70% (n = 32) maintained a benzodiazepine-free status at 12 month follow up. Conclusion: Our study suggests that phenobarbital detoxification is a good choice for patients with benzodiazepine dependence on the basis of the efficacy (low relapse rate), safety (no major adverse effect) and tolerability (low drop-out). ER  - 
Ketamine/propofol admixture (ketofol) at induction in the critically ill against etomidate (KEEP PACE trial): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Endotracheal intubation (ETI) is commonly performed as a life-saving procedure in the intensive care unit (ICU). It is often associated with significant hemodynamic perturbations and can severely impact the outcome of ICU patients. Etomidate is often chosen by many critical care providers for the patients who are hypotensive because of its superior hemodynamic profile compared to other induction medications. However, recent evidence has raised concerns about the increased incidence of adrenal insufficiency and mortality associated with etomidate use. A combination of ketamine and propofol (known as ketofol) has been studied in various settings as an alternative induction agent. In recent years, studies have shown that this combination may provide adequate sedation while maintaining hemodynamic stability, based on the balancing of the hemodynamic effects of these two individual agents. We hypothesized that ketofol may offer a valuable alternative to etomidate in critically ill patients with or without hemodynamic instability. Methods/design: A randomized controlled parallel-group clinical trial of adult critically ill patients admitted to either a medical or surgical ICU at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN will be conducted. As part of planned emergency research, informed consent will be waived after appropriate community consultation and notification. Patients undergoing urgent or emergent ETI will receive either etomidate or a 1:1 admixture of ketamine and propofol (ketofol). The primary outcome will be hemodynamic instability during the first 15 minutes following drug administration. Secondary outcomes will include ICU length of stay, mortality, adrenal function, ventilator-free days and vasoactive medication use, among others. The planned sample size is 160 total patients. Discussion: The overall goal of this trial is to assess the hemodynamic consequences of a ketamine-propofol combination used in critically ill patients undergoing urgent or emergent ETI compared to etomidate, a medication with an established hemodynamic profile. The trial will address a crucial gap in the literature regarding the optimal induction agent for ETI in patients that may have potential or established hemodynamic instability. Greater experience with planned emergency research will, hopefully, pave the way for future prospective randomized clinical trials in the critically ill population. ER  - 
Prevalence of depression and anxiety among patients with epilepsy attending the epilepsy clinic at Sheikh Khalifa Medical City, UAE: A cross sectional study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To repot the rates of depression and anxiety among patients with epilepsy (PWE) and to correlate with various variables BACKGROUND: Depression and anxiety are prevalent in patients with epilepsy, with rates range from 20[percnt] to 55[percnt]. Unfortunately, the rates, patterns, and risk factors are not well studied in our Middle East region, and to our knowledge, not at all in UAE. DESIGN/METHODS: As part of ongoing study at Sheikh Khalifa Medical City, patients seen in the epilepsy clinics were asked to complete the PHQ-9 and GAD-7 questionnaires. Using a standardized structured diagnostic instrument, all patients who completed the questionnaires underwent a formal psychiatric assessment for the presence and absence of depression and anxiety. Age, gender, epilepsy classification, duration of epilepsy, number of seizures within 6 months prior to the clinic visit, current antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and antidepressant (AD) use, PHQ-9, and GAD-7 scores were recorded. In a multivariate model, we examined whether these variables were related to the degree of depression and anxiety RESULTS: A total of 114 patients have participated. The mean age was 33 years. A total of 33 of the paticipants (28.9[percnt]) reported PHQ-9 scores >10 and GAD-7 > 10, indicating a high likelihood of major depression and anxiety. Five patients (4.4[percnt]) had a score of >20 of PHQ-9; all of which, had GAD-7 >10. Furthermore, 20.2[percnt] had scores > 10 in both PHQ 9 and GAD-7. 43[percnt] of patients with scores consistent with major depression were on AD. Among all variables, non reached statistical significance, except, the main effect for seizure status (being seizure free vs having persistent seizures) was highly significant (P = 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Depression and anxiety are prevalent disorders in patients attending the epilepsy clinics in our region. PHQ-9 and GAD-7 tools are conductive to routine screening in PWE. ER  - 
Hospital care for mental health conditions and substance abuse in children with underlying neurological disorders$$$ OBJECTIVE:To compare patterns of hospital care for Mental Health and Substance Abuse (MHSA) conditions in children with epilepsy, cerebral palsy and Tourette syndrome to the general pediatric population. BACKGROUND:Reducing the burden of mental illness requires greater knowledge of outcomes in groups at increased risk of primary and secondary (medication induced) psychiatric illness, such as those with neurological conditions. DESIGN/METHODS:Cross-sectional study of hospitalizations of children ages of 3-21 in the Kids' Inpatient Database (KIDs) for the years 2003, 2006, and 2009. ICD-9 based algorithms identified MHSA hospitalizations: alcohol abuse, anxiety, bipolar disorder, depression, mania, psychosis, psychotic depression, substance abuse, or attempted suicide/suicidal ideation, and patients with cerebral palsy (CP), epilepsy, or Tourette syndrome (TS). We compared MHSA diagnosis patterns and length of stay between neurological groups and the general population using multivariable logistic regression models that controlled for demographic, payer, and hospital characteristics. RESULTS:Of 676,586 MHSA hospitalizations, 49, 122 involved a child with a chronic neurological condition. Depression was the most common psychiatric diagnosis in the general, epilepsy and cerebral palsy populations was depression (41.1[percnt], 50.3[percnt], and 37.6[percnt] respectively). Only children with epilepsy had greater adjusted odds of mania (AOR 1.96, 1.58-2.42), depression (AOR 1.26, 1.02-1.56) or psychosis (AOR 1.38, 1.04-1.84) than the general population. Notably, children with the selected neurological disorders were less likely to be hospitalized for suicide attempt/suicidal ideation (CP: AOR 0.65, 0.56-0.76, Epilepsy: AOR 0.66, 0.4-70.95; TS: AOR 0.16, 0.2-21.20) or substance abuse (CP: AOR 0.29, 0.25-0.34; Epilepsy: AOR 0.38, 0.27-0.53; TS: AOR 0.08, 0.01-0.58). Children with neurological conditions experienced a prolonged length of stay. CONCLUSIONS:Children with common neurological conditions have distinct patterns of hospitalization for mental illness and substance abuse, and they experience prolonged hospitalization for MHSA conditions. Disease specific screening/treatment may be necessary to reduce MHSA hospitalizations in these populations. ER  - 
Patient factors do not predict thrombolysis in stroke mimics$$$ OBJECTIVE: We investigated clinical factors associated with thrombolytic administration among stroke mimics who otherwise do not have a contraindication to receiving treatment. We hypothesize that older age, increased stroke severity, and higher number of cardiovascular comorbidities will be associated with increased likelihood of thrombolysis. BACKGROUND: Retrospective studies have demonstrated that thrombolysis is safe in patients ultimately diagnosed with a stroke mimic (eg complicated migraine, seizure, conversion disorder). Most common reason for exclusion of thrombolytic therapy in this patient population is being beyond the therapeutic time window; however, in the absence of documented contraindication, factors associated with physician decision to administer thrombolysis have not been elucidated. DESIGN/METHODS: We performed a retrospective chart review of patients presenting to our hospital within 3.5 hours of symptom onset with suspected stroke, and were ultimately diagnosed with a stroke mimic; we excluded patients with a clearly documented exclusion for thrombolysis (ie active systemic bleeding, elevated INR). Patient demographic and clinical data were collected, and comparisons were performed between patients who received thrombolysis and those who did not to identify characteristics that were associated with thrombolysis. A t-test was performed for continuous data, and chi-square test was performed for nominal data. RESULTS: A total of 42 patients met inclusion criteria for our study, with more than 80[percnt] receiving thrombolysis. There was no association between thrombolysis and demographic variables such as age, gender, or race. Among clinical variables, neither stroke severity (as measured by NIHSS), presence of cardiovascular risk factors, nor substance abuse were associated with thrombolysis. CONCLUSIONS: Physician decision to administer thrombolysis in stroke mimic patients without clear contraindication is not associated with patient demographic or clinical factors. Our study is limited by its retrospective nature and small sample size, however continued data collection is in process. ER  - 
Multicenter evaluation of pharmacologic management and outcomes associated with severe resistant alcohol withdrawal$$$ Introduction: A subset of patients with alcohol withdrawal syndrome does not respond to benzodiazepine treatment despite escalating doses. Resistant alcohol withdrawal (RAW) is associated with higher incidences of mechanical ventilation and nosocomial pneumonia and longer intensive care unit (ICU) stay. The objective of this study is to characterize pharmacologic management of RAW and outcomes. Methods: Adult patients were identified retrospectively via International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes for severe alcohol withdrawal from 2009 to 2012 at 3 hospitals. Data collected included pharmacologic management and clinical outcomes. Results: A total of 184 patients met inclusion criteria. Sixteen medications and 74 combinations of medications were used for management. Propofol was the most common adjunct agent, with dexmedetomidine and antipsychotics also used. One hundred seventy-five patients (96.2%) were admitted to the ICU, with 149 patients (81.9%) requiring ventilator support. Median time to resolution of alcohol withdrawal syndrome from RAW designation was 6.0 days. Median ICU and hospital length of stay were 9.0 and 12.7 days, respectively. Conclusion: Diverse patterns exist in the management of patients meeting RAW criteria, indicating lack of refined approach to treatment. High doses of sedatives used for these patients may result in a high level of care, illustrating a need for evidence-based clinical guidelines to optimize outcomes. ER  - 
Global health care use by patients with type-2 diabetes: Does the type of comorbidity matter?$$$ To identify patterns of health care use among diabetic patients with multimorbidity across primary, specialised, hospital and emergency care, depending on their type of chronic comorbidity. Methods Longitudinal study of a population-based retrospective cohort conformed by adult patients with type-2 diabetes assigned to any of the primary care centres in Aragon during 2010 and 2011 (n = 65,716). Negative binomial regressions were run to model the effect of the type of comorbidity on the number of visits to each level of care. Comorbidities were classified as concordant, discordant or mental based on expert consensus and depending on whether they shared the same overall pathophysiologic risk profile and disease management plan designed for type-2 diabetes. Results Mental comorbidity was independently associated with total and unplanned admissions (incidence rate ratio [IRR]:1.25; 95% confidence interval [CI]:1.12-1.39, IRR:1.21; 95% CI:1.06-1.39), average length of stay (IRR:1.47; 95% CI:1.25-1.73), and total and priority emergency room visits (IRR:1.26; 95% CI:1.17-1.35, IRR:1.30; 95% CI:1.18-1.42). Patients with discordant comorbidities showed the strongest associations with the number of visits to specialists (IRR:1.38; 95% CI:1.33-1.43) and to different specialties (IRR:1.36; 95% CI:1.32-1.39). Differences regarding GP visits were lower but still significant for patients with discordant comorbidity (IRR:1.08; 95% CI:1.06-1.11), but especially for those with mental comorbidity (IRR:1.17; 95% CI:1.14-1.21). Conclusion In patients with type-2 diabetes, the coexistence of mental comorbidity significantly increases the use of unplanned hospital services, and discordant comorbidities have an important effect on specialised care use. Differences with respect to primary care use are not as prominent. ER  - 
Psychiatric disorders as "hidden" contraindications for presurgical VEEG in patients with refractory epilepsy: A retrospective cohort study in a tertiary center$$$ Given the high frequency of psychiatric disorders (PDs) observed among patients with epilepsy, studies have highlighted the necessity of psychiatric evaluation for these patients, especially for those with refractory temporal lobe epilepsy with mesial temporal sclerosis (TLE-MTS) who are surgical candidates. Current evidence highlights the safety of video-electroencephalography (VEEG) as a means of investigation in patients with TLE-MTS and PDs. However, the presence of such disorders has still been seen as a contraindication for presurgical evaluation with VEEG in some epilepsy centers mainly because of the risk of negative behavioral events. The present retrospective cohort study performed in a Brazilian tertiary epilepsy center aimed to identify whether the presence of a PD remains a contraindication for presurgical VEEG. Clinical, sociodemographic, and psychiatric data from 41 patients who underwent VEEG as part of their presurgical evaluation were compared to data from 32 patients with refractory TLE-MTS who had not undergone VEEG. Psychiatric diagnoses were determined using the DSM-IV and ILAE criteria. Psychiatric disorders were diagnosed in 34 patients (46.6%). Major depressive disorder was the most frequent PD and was observed in 22 patients (30.1%). Anxiety disorders were observed in 14 patients (19.2%). Of the 41 patients (56.2%) who underwent presurgical VEEG, only 12 (29.2%) were found to have a PD during the presurgical psychiatric evaluation compared to 22 of the 32 (68.7%) who did not undergo VEEG (p. =. 0.001; RR. =. 2.35). The present findings suggest that the presence of a PD alone should not be a contraindication for VEEG monitoring and epilepsy surgery. ER  - 
Decompression surgery for severe traumatic brain injury (TBI): A long-term, single-centre experience$$$ Introduction Despite well-conducted medical treatment, refractory intracranial hypertension occurs in 10–15% of patients with severe traumatic brain injury (TBI). Surgical decompression procedures, such as hemicraniectomy, are mainly considered as a rescue therapy. However, the long-term neurological outcomes of these patients remain controversial. Thus, the purpose of this study was to investigate the long-term evolution of patients requiring surgical decompression surgery in our ICU over the last 7 years. Methods We conducted a retrospective single-centre study over the last 7 years. Severe traumatic brain injury patients presenting a refractory intracranial hypertension (ICP) and who underwent decompression surgery were included. Demographic data, in-hospital complications (infectious diseases, seizures) and in-hospital mortality were studied. Patients were further (from 1 to 8 years post injury) contacted for questioning including evaluation of the Glasgow Outcome Scale (GOS), recovery of professional activity, concentration disorders, motor and mood disabilities, sleep disorders, headaches, or seizure occurrences. We compared this population with patients presenting elevated ICP not needing surgery, and matched on gender, age, SAPS II scores, initial GCS, and time since TBI. Results Twenty patients required decompression surgery during the studied period (2%), half of whom deceased during that time. Among surviving patients, 22% had seizures. Memory disorders represented the most frequently reported disability (100% of questioned patients). Half of the patients presented sleep disorders and headaches after hospitalization. Only 33% of these patients recovered a professional activity after treatment. Compared to the matched population, long-term neurological status was equivalent in survivors. Conclusion In this small retrospective study, we found that decompression surgery performed for traumatic refractory raised ICP concerned only 2% of our traumatic brain injury patients. According to long-term evaluation, decompression surgery is associated with unfavourable outcomes and disabilities. However, the functional recovery and quality of life in survivors seems equivalent to a matched population. These results require confirmation via larger studies. ER  - 
Retrospective analysis of tetrahydrocannabinol based on 31 neurologically critically ill children$$$ Aims: Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive main substance of cannabis, is increasingly used as an off-label therapy. The aim of our study was to investigate the efficacy in neurologically critically ill children. Methods: The evaluation of the efficacy of an in-patient THC treatment was investigated by a pediatric nurse and a neuropediatrician, based on the patient's charts using a sum score of individual effects on spasticity, dystonia, pain, agitation/vegetative disorders, mood, sleep, feeding, and epileptic seizures. Results: The patients, n=31; age 0.5 to 21 years; mean: 9. The patient is suffering from mainly severe residual defects after near-drowning (n=5), asphyxia (n=4), other hypoxic events (n=8) and brain injury (n=3) with prolonged disorders of consciousness (n=27), pharmacoresistant symptomatic epilepsies (n=28), nutritional disturbances with gastric tube feeding (n=29) as well as artificial ventilation/tracheostoma (n=6). Overall, six patients could not be evaluated. Effectiveness: An ongoing positive effect was noticed in 44% (11/25) and classified as light in six, obvious in four cases, and strong in one patient. Individual positive effects were noticed in mood disturbance (4/6; 67%), agitation/vegetative disorders (7/16; 44%), spasticity (3/8; 38%), sleep disorders (2/4; 50%), and pain (3/3; 100%). An effect on epileptic seizures could not be noticed. Temporary effects remained unconsidered in the statistical evaluation. Side effects: The side effects were tiredness n=6; increase of opisthotonus n=1; decline of valproic acid blood level n=2. Conclusion: Considering all the limitations of our retrospective study, THC showed an overall ongoing positive effect with good tolerability in 44% of the patients studied, who are mainly in palliative situations. An improvement on epileptic seizures could not be noticed. Further controlled (long-term) studies on THC and not psychoactive substances of cannabis, such as cannabidiol, are needed as well as a clear definition of the therapeutic aims. ER  - 
Pattern of psychiatric illness among women attending private psychiatric consultation service in a rural area of bangladesh$$$ Introduction Among 160 million population in Bangladesh most of them are living in the rural area and about 50% of them are female. In our society most of the female psychiatric patients don't come to the hospital or any private consultation centre of a psychiatrist for their treatment. They mostly depend on treatments practiced by the traditional healers. Objective To assess the pattern of psychiatric illness among the women visited to a private psychiatric consultation service in rural area of Bangladesh. Methods This descriptive cross sectional study was done among the women attending the authors private psychiatric consultation centre in Tangail district from January 2013 to June 2014. All the new patients were included in the study. Socio-demographic data were collected through a semi-structured questionnaire and psychiatric diagnosis were made by using DSM-IV-TR diagnostic criteria. Results Total 1173 female patients were included in the study. Most of them were (68%) belonged to 20 years to 40 years of age group. Among the respondents most of them were housewife (62%) of lower class family. Most common psychiatric diagnosis were found major depressive disorder (19%). pain disorder (16%), somatization disorder (12%), schizophrenia (8%), obsessive compulsive disorder (8%), bipolar mood disorder (6%), conversion disorder (4%), adjustment disorder (4%), post partum psychosis (3%). Rest were diagnosed as phobic disorder, substance related disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, epilepsy and dementia, Conclusion The result of the study indicate that further expansion of psychiatric services in the rural area with special emphasis on early diagnosis and management of psychiatric patients. Policy makers and planners should give attention in this regard. ER  - 
Doing no harm? Adverse events in a nation-wide cohort of patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Nigeria$$$ Background: Adverse events (AEs) of second line anti-tuberculosis drugs (SLDs) are relatively well documented. However, the actual burden has rarely been described in detail in programmatic settings. We investigated the occurrence of these events in the national cohort of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) patients in Nigeria. Method: This was a retrospective, observational cohort study, using pharmacovigilance data systematically collected at all MDR-TB treatment centers in Nigeria. Characteristics of AEs during the intensive phase treatment were documented, and risk factors for development of AEs were assessed. Results: Four hundred and sixty patients were included in the analysis: 62% were male; median age was 33 years [Interquartile Range (IQR):28-42] and median weight was 51 kg (IQR: 45-59). Two hundred and three (44%) patients experienced AEs; four died of conditions associated with SLD AEs. Gastro-intestinal (n = 100), neurological (n = 75), ototoxic (n = 72) and psychiatric (n = 60) AEs were the most commonly reported, whereas ototoxic and psychiatric AEs were the most debilitating. Majority of AEs developed after 1-2 months of therapy, and resolved in less than a month after treatment. Some treatment centers were twice as likely to report AEs compared with others, highlighting significant inconsistencies in reporting at different treatment centers. Patients with a higher body weight had an increased risk of experiencing AEs. No differences were observed in risk of AEs between HIV-infected and uninfected patients. Similarly, age was not significantly associated with AEs. Conclusion: Patients in the Nigerian MDR-TB cohort experienced a wide range of AEs, some of which were disabling and fatal. Early identification and prompt management as well as standardized reporting of AEs at all levels of healthcare, including the community is urgently needed. Safer regimens for drug-resistant TB with the shortest duration are advocated. ER  - 
Long-term efficacy and safety of thalamic stimulation for drug-resistant partial epilepsy$$$ Objective: To report long-term efficacy and safety results of the SANTE trial investigating deep brain stimulation of the anterior nucleus of the thalamus (ANT) for treatment of localization-related epilepsy. Methods: This long-term follow-up is a continuation of a previously reported trial of 5-vs 0-V ANT stimulation. Long-term follow-up began 13 months after device implantation with stimulation parameters adjusted at the investigators' discretion. Seizure frequency was determined using daily seizure diaries. Results: The median percent seizure reduction from baseline at 1 year was 41%, and 69% at 5 years. The responder rate (≥50% reduction in seizure frequency) at 1 year was 43%, and 68% at 5 years. In the 5 years of follow-up, 16% of subjects were seizure-free for at least 6 months. There were no reported unanticipated adverse device effects or symptomatic intracranial hemorrhages. The Liverpool Seizure Severity Scale and 31-item Quality of Life in Epilepsy measure showed statistically significant improvement over baseline by 1 year and at 5 years (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Long-term follow-up of ANT deep brain stimulation showed sustained efficacy and safety in a treatment-resistant population. Classification of evidence: This long-term follow-up provides Class IV evidence that for patients with drug-resistant partial epilepsy, anterior thalamic stimulation is associated with a 69% reduction in seizure frequency and a 34% serious device-related adverse event rate at 5 years. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy practice in Catalonia$$$ Objective The aim of this study was to assess the current use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in Catalonia (Spain) as compared with ECT practice 17 years ago (1993). Methods This was a descriptive, cross-sectional study using a structured questionnaire to collect data regarding the use of ECT in Catalan psychiatric units in 2010. A comparative approach was used with respect to previously published data. Results Data were obtained from 25 of the 27 units (92.6%) surveyed. The ECT was used in 20 facilities (80%, as opposed to 60% in 1993), and in all cases, a brief-pulse device was used. The most commonly used anesthetic was propofol (65%), and most facilities recorded the seizure duration (95%). The ECT was always administered in combination with pharmacologic therapy, and the primary clinical indication was depression. Only 20% of the ECT procedures were performed in the inpatient unit. Written informed consent to administer ECT was obtained in all centers. Conclusions The ECT practice in Catalonia has changed since the 1990s, being administered more often, in a more standardized way and across a larger number of psychiatric units. The results indicate considerable consensus with regard to its indications and conditions of application, which comply with current clinical practice guidelines and standards. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drug use by pregnant women enrolled in Florida Medicaid$$$ Objective: The study aims were to investigate secular trends in antiepileptic drug (AED) use in women during pregnancy, and to compare the use of first- and second-generation AEDs. Methods: Study participants consisted of female Florida Medicaid beneficiaries, older than 15 years, and pregnant within the time period 1999 to 2009. Fifteen AEDs were categorized into first and second generation of AEDs. Continuous use of AEDs was defined as at least 2 consecutive AED prescriptions totaling more than a 30-day supply. Polytherapy was defined as 2 or more AEDs continuously used for at least 30 overlapping days. Annual prevalence was estimated and compared. Results: We included 2,099 pregnant women who were enrolled in Florida Medicaid from 1999 to 2009 and exposed to AEDs during pregnancy. Although there were fluctuations, overall AED use in the study cohort did not increase from 2000 to 2009 (β ± standard error [SE]: -0.07 ± 0.06, p = 0.31). The use of first-generation AEDs decreased (β ± SE: -6.21 ± 0.47, p < 0.0001), whereas the use of second-generation AEDs increased (β ± SE: 6.27 ± 0.52, p < 0.0001) from 2000 to 2009. AED use in polytherapy did not change through the study period. Valproate use reduced from 23% to 8% in the study population (β ± SE: -1.61 ± 0.36, p = 0.0019), but this decrease was only for women receiving an AED for epilepsy and was not present for other indications. Conclusion: The second-generation AEDs are replacing first-generation AEDs in both monotherapy and polytherapy. Valproate use has declined for epilepsy but not other indications. Additional changes in AED use are expected in future years. ER  - 
Use of valproic acid in long stay units of psychiatry$$$ Objective: Valproic acid is often used in psychiatry to treat schizophrenia and other conditions outside of indication (“off-label”). However, its effectiveness has not been sufficiently demonstrated and its use is not exempt of adverse effects. This study’s main objective is to determine the frequency of use of valproic acid in approved indications and the “off-label” use in psychiatric patients. Methods: A cross-sectional study on July 7, 2014 with a sample of 167 patients residents in a psychiatric center was designed. Demographics, valproic acid treatment, posology and associated drug treatment, monitoring safety parameters, interactions and valproic acid concentrations. Results: Valproic acid is prescribed in 1 of 3 patients of the center. It was used in the approved indications in 8 (15%) of the 53 patients analyzed: 5 (9%) of them with bipolar disorder and 3 (6%) diagnosed with epilepsy. Other 5 patients (9%) were included in the extended schizoaffective disorder indication. 76% (40) of the evaluated patients were prescribed valproic acid off-label. The mean dose of valproic acid was 1.26 Defined Daily Dose / patient / day. An average of 6 drugs associated with valproic acid was found. 18% of patients had thrombocytopenia. Conclusions: Valproic acid is often used off-label in psychiatric patients. It should be assessed the benefit-risk in this population. ER  - 
Vertigo in childhood: A retrospective series of 100 children$$$ Objective Evaluation and management of vertigo in children vary between institutions and medical specialties. The aim of this study is to describe the characteristics of vertigo in children presenting to a pediatric neurology referral center and to investigate the relationship between vertigo and migraine. Study design Patients <18 years old presenting with vertigo to Hacettepe University Ihsan Dogramaci Children's Hospital Neurology Unit between January 1996-January 2012 were included (n = 100). Data were obtained from patient files and phone interviews. Results Mean age was 7.5 years. The most common etiological groups were benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood (BPVC) (39%), psychogenic vertigo (21%), epileptic vertigo (15%), and migraine-associated vertigo (MAV) (11%). BPVC was the most common diagnosis in children ≤5 years of age while psychogenic vertigo prevailed in children >5 years. Staring episodes characterized epileptic vertigo patients (p = 0.021) while headache was more often described by MAV patients (p < 0.001). Vertigo attacks >5 min were uncommon in BPVC patients compared to others (p = 0.013). Twenty percent of BPVC patients contacted through phone interviews were experiencing migraine type headaches that started at a median age of 7.5 years. An algorithm for evaluation of children with vertigo was formed based on data obtained from this study and the literature. When this algorithm was applied to 100 cases of this series, 88 (88%) were correctly diagnosed. Conclusion While most vertigo cases in children can be diagnosed accurately by a detailed medical history, physical and neurological examination, a standard algorithm can help with the correct classification. ER  - 
Effect of a 10-day trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS) protocol for treating major depressive disorder: A phase II, sham-controlled, randomized clinical trial$$$ Considering both the burden determined by major depressive disorder (MDD) itself and the high refractoriness and recurrence index, alternative strategies, such as trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS), are the cutting edge instruments to optimize clinical response and to avoid treatment discontinuation and relapse of symptoms. Trigeminal nerve stimulation is an incipient simple, low-cost interventional strategy based on the application of an electric current over a branch of the trigeminal nerve with further propagation of the stimuli towards brain areas related to mood symptoms. Method: The study was a phase II, randomized, sham-controlled trial with 40 patients with MDD. Patients with moderate or severe depressive symptoms as assessed by adequate clinical scales underwent a 10-day intervention protocol. Regarding main clinical outcome, analysis of variance (ANOVA) was performed to evaluate mean change scores in depressive symptoms as assessed by the HDRS-17 between baseline (t1), after intervention protocol (t2), and during one-month follow-up (t3). Results: There was a significant interaction between the mean percentage changes in depressive symptoms according to the HDRS in the two groups across the three assessments (F. = 6.38, df. = 2, p. = 0.0033). Post hoc analyses (Bonferroni method) demonstrated a statistically significant difference between depressive symptoms at baseline and t1 (p. = 0.01) and between depressive symptoms at baseline and t2 (p. = 0.009). No severe adverse effects were reported. Discussion: Our results in the present controlled trial highlight the possibility of more practical treatment protocols for clinical research, which are similar to those for different neuromodulation strategies such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). The in-office administration of TNS in our protocol is similar to the schedule for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), though over fewer treatment sessions. Conclusion: Further controlled studies will contribute to the establishment of the clinical relevance of this new treatment strategy for MDD. ER  - 
Telemedicine for patients with epilepsy: A pilot experience$$$ We aimed to describe our preliminary experience with the telemedicine (TM) seizure clinic. A retrospective database analysis for the TM seizure visits between January 2009 and January 2012 was performed. Each subject's age, gender, epilepsy syndrome, seizure types, and outcome were identified. The antiepileptic drug (AED) regimen at each visit was noted, as well as instances where surgical therapies and admission for monitoring were discussed.We identified a total of 74 encounters with 24 patients. Fifteen subjects (62.5%) had focal epilepsy, whereas seven (29%) had generalized epilepsy. Seven patients (29%) experienced one seizure type, 14 (58.5%) had two seizure types, and five (12.5%) had three or more seizure types. Thirty-two out of the 74 encounters (43%) resulted in some change in the AED regimen. Surgical therapeutic options were discussed in 35% of the visits. Two-thirds of subjects were either seizure-free or improved by the last encounter. The no-show rate was only 11%.We were able to deliver follow-up care through a TM model to patients with epilepsy with a wide spectrum of syndromes and severity. We believe that TM improves access to specialized care for patients with epilepsy living in rural areas. ER  - 
Longitudinal feasibility of MINDSET: A clinic decision aid for epilepsy self-management$$$ The purpose of this paper is to report on the development and feasibility of the longitudinal version of MINDSET, a clinical tool to assist patients and health-care providers in epilepsy self-management. A previous study described the feasibility of using MINDSET to identify and prioritize self-management issues during a clinic visit. This paper describes the development of the longitudinal version of MINDSET and feasibility test over multiple visits with a printed action plan for goal setting and the capacity for monitoring changes in self-management. Feasibility was assessed based on 1) postvisit patient and provider interviews addressing ease of use and usefulness, patient/provider communication, and shared decision-making and 2) the capacity of the tool to monitor epilepsy characteristics and self-management over time. Results indicate MINDSET feasibility for 1) identifying and facilitating discussion of self-management issues during clinic visits, 2) providing a printable list of prioritized issues and tailored self-management goals, and 3) tracking changes in epilepsy characteristics and self-management over time. ER  - 
A Cross-Sectional Study Comparing the Frequency of Drug Interactions After Adding Simeprevir- or Sofosbuvir-Containing Therapy to Medication Profiles of Hepatitis C Monoinfected Patients$$$ Introduction: This study compares the expected occurrence of contraindicated drug–drug interactions (XDDIs) when simeprevir (SIM)- or sofosbuvir (SOF)-containing therapy is added to medication profiles of patients with hepatitis C (HCV) monoinfection to quantify, in relative terms, the population-based risk of XDDIs. Second, this study identified the predictors of XDDIs when HCV therapies are added to medication profiles. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed among Veterans’ Affairs patients. Inclusion criteria were: (1) age ≥18 years, (2) HCV infection, and (3) availability of a medication list. Patients with human immunodeficiency virus were excluded. Demographics, comorbidities, year of HCV diagnosis, and most recent medication list were collected from medical records. The primary outcome was the presence of XDDIs involving HCV therapy and the medications in the patient’s home medication list after the addition of either SIM- or SOF-containing regimens. To define XDDIs, Lexi-Interact drug interaction software was used. Results: 4,251 patients were included. The prevalence of XDDIs involving SIM- or SOF-containing therapy were 12.6% and 4.7% (p < 0.001), respectively. In multivariable analyses examining the predictors of XDDIs involving SIM-containing therapy, the only medication-related predictor was use of ≥6 home medications (odds ratio OR 4.58, 95% confidence interval CI 3.54–5.20, p < 0.001). Similarly, use of ≥6 home medications was also the only variable associated with an increased probability of XDDI involving SOF-containing therapy (OR 3.83, 95% CI 2.57–5.70, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Sofosbuvir-containing therapy had a lower frequency of XDDIs than SIM-containing therapy. Polypharmacy with various classes of home medications predicted XDDIs involving SIM- or SOF-containing therapy. ER  - 
A retrospective evaluation of retigabine in patients with cognitive impairment with highly drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to evaluate retrospectively the efficacy and tolerability of retigabine (RTG) in residential patients of an epilepsy center. Method: We used an industry-independent noninterventional retrospective evaluation on the basis of paper and electronic records plus interrogation of the treating neurologists. All patients (N = 20; 7 females; mean age: 31.8, range: 18-54. years) started on RTG between May 2011 and March 2012 were included. Evaluation was carried out after 6, 12, and 24. months. Changes in seizure frequency were measured as the number of seizures during three months on RTG compared with a three-month baseline period. The Clinical Global Impression scale was applied to include qualitative changes in seizure severity. All but one patient had symptomatic (structural; one patient: metabolic) or cryptogenic focal or multifocal epilepsy. All had grade III drug-resistant epilepsy and cognitive deficits of different degrees. Results: The retention rates were 60% after 6. months, 35% after 12. months, and 20% after 24. months. At 12. months, there were 2 responders (10%): one had a > 90% seizure reduction and the other had a > 50% seizure reduction. Another 5 patients were still on RTG because of minor improvements. The reasons for discontinuation in 13 patients were adverse effects (6), lack of effect (6), and both (1). Cognitive or emotional changes were the side effects that most frequently led to discontinuation. Beyond the 12-month evaluation, 3 patients were discontinued as a consequence of the FDA warning regarding retinal pigmentation and discoloration of skin and nails in patients exposed to RTG. One patient had a moderate blue-gray finger coloring. Ophthalmological changes were not discovered. Conclusion: Retigabine proved to be useful only for a small minority of patients in a sample of patients with particularly difficult-to-treat epilepsy. ER  - 
A European survey on current practices in epilepsy monitoring units and implications for patients' safety$$$ Objective: This study aimed to survey current practices in European epilepsy monitoring units (EMUs) with emphasis on safety issues. Methods: A 37-item questionnaire investigating characteristics and organization of EMUs, including measures for prevention and management of seizure-related serious adverse events (SAEs), was distributed to all identified European EMUs plus one located in Israel (N. = 150). Results: Forty-eight (32%) EMUs, located in 18 countries, completed the questionnaire. Epilepsy monitoring unit beds are 1-2 in 43%, 3-4 in 34%, and 5-6 in 19% of EMUs; staff physicians are 1-2 in 32%, 3-4 in 34%, and 5-6 in 19% of EMUs. Personnel operating in EMUs include epileptologists (in 69% of EMUs), clinical neurophysiologists trained in epilepsy (in 46% of EMUs), child neurologists (in 35% of EMUs), neurology and clinical neurophysiology residents (in 46% and in 8% of EMUs, respectively), and neurologists not trained in epilepsy (in 27% of EMUs). In 20% of EMUs, patients' observation is only intermittent or during the daytime and primarily carried out by neurophysiology technicians and/or nurses (in 71% of EMUs) or by patients' relatives (in 40% of EMUs). Automatic detection systems for seizures are used in 15%, for body movements in 8%, for oxygen desaturation in 33%, and for ECG abnormalities in 17% of EMUs. Protocols for management of acute seizures are lacking in 27%, of status epilepticus in 21%, and of postictal psychoses in 87% of EMUs. Injury prevention consists of bed protections in 96% of EMUs, whereas antisuffocation pillows are employed in 21%, and environmental protections in monitoring rooms and in bathrooms are implemented in 38% and in 25% of EMUs, respectively. The most common SAEs were status epilepticus reported by 79%, injuries by 73%, and postictal psychoses by 67% of EMUs. Conclusions: All EMUs have faced different types of SAEs. Wide variation in practice patterns and lack of protocols and of precautions to ensure patients' safety might promote the occurrence and severity of SAEs. Our findings highlight the need for standardized and shared protocols for an effective and safe management of patients in EMUs. ER  - 
Human immunodeficiency virus hepatitis C virus co infection and obstacles for the initiation of conventional hepatitis C treatment experience of an infectious diseases unit$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the therapeutic particularities and obstacles hindering the initiation of standard therapy for Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)- Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) co-infected patients. Materials and methods: Retrospective study conducted in an infectious diseases unit on a ten-year period (January 2004-May 2014). We studied the obstacles encountered in the management of HIV-HCV co-infected. Results: Twenty-two men had HIV-HCV co-infection. Three patients had spontaneous clearance of HCV. Only six men have benefited from the combination Peginterferon-a2a + Ribavrin (PR): (04) patients with SVR, 01 non-responder, 01 early treatment discontinuation due to severe depressive syndrome. Fifteen men were need treatment. (67 %) were over the age of 40 years. Two patients were in detention. We found: (08) injectable drug users, (02) regular drinkers, (02) Sub-Saharan African people, (02) persons in custody and comorbidity such as: epilepsy (01 case), depression (03 cases), metabolic syndrome (02 cases), hypertension (04 cases), dyslipidemia (04 cases). Paraclinical parameters were: HCV RNA ≥ 800,000 IU/ml in (47 %), genotype (G)1 in 04 cases and a G4 in 01 case, mean CD4 count: 228/mm3, mean of liver stiffness 12.9 kPa and mean hemoglobin 12 g/dl. Conclusion: In our study, HIV-HCV co-infection is characterized by the severity of immunosuppression and hepatic fibrosis, an unsatisfactory response to PR and the existence of numerous barriers to care. The introduction of “interferon-free” regimens treatment of HCV is necessary. ER  - 
Investigation of 11C-PiB equivocal PET findings$$$ Objective: We have encountered occasional equivocal findings when assessing cerebral cortical amyloid retention with 11C-Pittsburgh compound B (PiB) PET. We investigated the diagnostic significance of equivocal PiB PET findings.Methods: This retrospective study included 101 consecutive patients complaining of cognitive disorders (30 Alzheimer’s disease, 25 mild cognitive impairment, 8 Lewy body disease, 7 frontotemporal lobar degeneration, 31 others) who underwent both 11C-PiB PET and 18F-fluorodeoxy-d-glucose (FDG) PET. We visually classified PiB-positive, PiB-equivocal or PiB-negative ratings according to cortical uptake. For quantitative assessments of PiB PET, standard uptake values referred to cerebellar cortex (SUVR) were calculated in regional template volume of interests (frontal, temporoparietal, precuneus/posterior cingulate cortex, cerebral white matter and cerebellar cortex). The results of visual assessment were compared with the regional and mean cortical SUVRs and cortical-to-white matter ratio of PiB uptake, as well as clinical and FDG PET findings.Results: Among the 101 scans, 41 were PiB negative, 11 were PiB equivocal, and 49 were rated PiB positive in the visual assessments. The mean cortical SUVR and cortical-to-white matter ratio were 0.97 ± 0.07 and 0.57 ± 0.21 in PiB-negative, 1.51 ± 0.17 and 0.75 ± 0.06 in PiB equivocal and 2.10 ± 0.33 and 0.97 ± 0.11 in PiB-positive group, respectively. Nine of 11 subjects with PiB-equivocal findings had cognitive impairments and FDG distribution compatible with Alzheimer’s disease or dementia with Lewy bodies.Conclusions: We considered equivocal visual findings on PiB PET equivalent to PiB-positive with slight cortical uptake. In addition, slight cortical amyloid deposits were considered to cause cerebral metabolic abnormality and cognitive impairment. Although mean cortical SUVR was more sensitive than visual assessment because of low cortical-to-white matter contrast due to non-specific accumulation in white matter, it is important not to overlook small amounts of cortical uptake of PiB in visual inspection for exact diagnosis. ER  - 
Calcified parenchymal central nervous system cysticercosis and clinical outcomes in epilepsy$$$ This study aimed to compare clinical outcomes including seizure frequency and psychiatric symptoms between patients with epilepsy with neuroimaging evidence of past brain parenchymal neurocysticercosis infection, patients with other structural brain lesions, and patients without structural neuroimaging abnormalities. Material and methods: The study included retrospective cross-sectional analysis of all patients treated for epilepsy in a community-based adult neurology clinic during a three-month period. Results: A total of 160 patients were included in the analysis, including 63 with neuroimaging findings consistent with past parenchymal neurocysticercosis infection, 55 with structurally normal brain neuroimaging studies, and 42 with other structural brain lesions. No significant differences were detected between groups for either seizure freedom (46.03%, 50.91%, and 47.62%, respectively; p. =. 0.944) or mean seizure frequency per month (mean. =. 2.50, S.D.=. 8.1; mean. =. 4.83, S.D.=. 17.64; mean. =. 8.55, S.D.=. 27.31, respectively; p. =. 0.267). Self-reported depressive symptoms were more prevalent in those with parenchymal neurocysticercosis than in the other groups (p. =. 0.003). No significant differences were detected for prevalence of self-reported anxiety or psychotic symptoms. Conclusions: Calcified parenchymal neurocysticercosis results in refractory epilepsy about as often as other structural brain lesions. Depressive symptoms may be more common among those with epilepsy and calcified parenchymal neurocysticercosis; consequently, screening for depression may be indicated in this population. ER  - 
Hemoconcentration: a major risk factor for neurological involvement in hemolytic uremic syndrome$$$ Background: Shigatoxin-associated hemolytic uremic syndrome (STEC-HUS) is a common thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) in which central nervous system (CNS) involvement is responsible for the majority of deaths and for severe long-term sequelae. We have analyzed the role of hemoconcentration in disease severity. Methods: This was a retrospective review of the records and laboratory data at presentation of all patients with STEC-HUS cases (n = 61) over a 10-year period. The patients were grouped into three severity classes: group A, comprising patients who did not require dialysis; group B, patients who were dialyzed without CNS involvement; group C, patients with CNS involvement. Results: Patients with CNS involvement (group C) had a higher mean hemoglobin level (11.2 ± 2.3 g/dL) than those of group A or B (9.4 ± 2.1 and 7.5 ± 1.9 g/dL, respectively; p < 0.0001). We also observed that the higher the initial hemoglobin level, the more severe the long-term renal damage (p < 0.007). Conclusions: In patients with STEC-HUS, hemoconcentration and hypovolemia may be responsible for more severe ischemic organ damage (both short and long term) at disease onset, and these signs should be regarded as risk factors for CNS damage and for more severe TMA. Therefore, we recommend that hydration status should be actively monitored in HUS patients and that dehydration, when diagnosed, should be promptly corrected. ER  - 
Sudep is not always sudep! report of 70 deaths through a 20 years period from a tertiary epilepsy centre in norway$$$ Purpose: Patients with refractory epilepsy are referred to our national epilepsy centre from all over Norway. From the centre, SUDEP cases in the period 1967-1996 has previously been examined and published. The aim of this study was to examine “new” SUDEP cases reported at our center in the period 1996-2015. Here we focus on the correctness of the SUDEP diagnosis and give some background characteristics from the cohort. Method: We have examined the medical record from patients treated at the centre who were reported of having suffered SUDEP in the period 1996-2014. The study was approved by the local medical ethical committee. Results: 70 SUDEP cases were reported. At closer examination, only 57 (81.4%) fulfilled the SUDEP criteria. Other causes of death were: suicides: 3, cancer related: 2, status epilepticus: 2, infection: 1, respiratory failure (Rett syndrome): 1, AVM (bleeding): 1, neurodegerative disorder: 1, ceroid lipofucinose: 1, unknown cause, but not epilepsy related: 1. In 4 cases the death might have been seizure-related (accidents and drowning). 35 (63%) were male, mean age at death was 28.8 years. 9 (13%) had undergone epilepsy surgery. Additional 15 (26%) had gone through epilepsy surgery work-up. 12 (21%) had implanted Vagus Nerve Stimutation (VNS). 11 (16%) had seizure remission for more than 1 year prior to SUDEP. Two of these patients had reported seizure freedom in 10 and 15 years prior to SUDEP, respectively. Only 17 (24%) had co-morbid conditions. In those not seizure free, the frequency of generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) showed large variations from daily seizures to 3-4/year. Conclusion: Not all those reported to have suffered SUDEP turn out to have had SUDEP after a more thorough investigation. In order to identify predictors for SUDEP, we are preparing a case-control study. ER  - 
Simultaneous occurrence of non-epileptic and epileptic seizures: An under reported entity which may require longer periods of cveeg monitoring$$$ Purpose: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) pose a diagnostic challenge to neurologists, particularly in patients with PNES and epileptic seizures (ES). There is limited data characterising this subgroup in the literature to-date. Accurate diagnosis of PNES requires continuous video electroencephalogram (cvEEG) monitoring, with a sensitivity of approximately 90%. Delay to diagnosis is common and estimated to be 7 years in those with PNES alone. In the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit at our institution, we sought to explore the co-existence of both ES and PNES during a single cvEEG monitoring admission. We aimed to identify prevalence, establish any distinguishing patient characteristics and compare outcomes following diagnosis to those with PNES alone. Method: This was a retrospective study of all patients diagnosed with PNES by cvEEG between June 2013 and February 2015 at the National Epilepsy Centre. Results: Of 260 patients monitored, 58 were diagnosed with PNES. 17 patients had a diagnosis of epilepsy and PNES. This is higher than other published work. ES and PNES were recorded during the same admission in 13 patients. The majority of events recorded were non-epileptic. Nonepileptic events occurred earlier in admission, with epileptic events occurring later. We observed a female predominance, polypharmacy with anti-epileptic drugs and a greater delay to diagnosis in patients with ES and PNES. Longer periods of monitoring were required to record both ES and PNES to ensure accurate diagnosis. A favourable prognosis was seen in patients with PNES following psychological intervention. Conclusion: Patients with PNES and epilepsy are a unique cohort, with some distinguishing features compared to PNES alone. Longer periods of cvEEG monitoring are required to ensure maximal diagnostic accuracy particularly where there are historical indicators of epilepsy. Shorter periods of monitoring may lead to misdiagnosis which may have devastating consequences. ER  - 
Behavioural features of patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES)$$$ Purpose: This retrospective study in patients with nonepileptic seizures (PNES), with epilepsy (PWE), and both conditions (PNES+PWE) evaluated whether the groups can be differentiated by use of a German clinical personality questionnaire (FPZ), which is routinely used in epilepsy and which originally had been designed for patients with CNS pathologies. Method: Groups of 58 PNES, 207 PWE and 70 PNES+ were selected and evaluated on the basis of having answered a questionnaire on personality (FPZ) which assesses Neuroticism, Organic psycho syndrome, Intra/extra-version, and Addiction via 22 sub-scales with 98 questions. Subgroups had received neuropsychological testing and additional scales for depression (BDI), anxiety (SAS), and quality of life (German modified QOLIE-10) Results: All questionnaires indicated greater behavioural problems in PNES and PWE+ as compared to PWE. A profile with greater emotional lability and aspects of an organic psychosyndrome was indicated in PNES. PNES patients showed a trend of more frequent somatisation, poorer reward learning, greater impulsivity, and communication problems when compared to PNES+. Cluster analysis of the FPZ revealed 4 clusters, two being associated more with epilepsy, (Cl1. mild psychosyndrome and depression, CL3. emotional stable and non-depressed), two being associated more with PNES (Cl2. strong neuroticism, psychosyndrome, and depression CL4. neuroticism and not depressed). Cognitive problems were indicated in each group with a non-significant trend to be poorest in PNES+. Conclusion: Patients with PNES and PNES+ share common behavioural features with increased neuroticism and behaviours reminding of a fronto-medial dysfunction. Cluster analysis identifies clinical subgroups which may turn out to have a different aetiology or prognosis. A prospective study taking this as well as seizure semiology into consideration has been initiated. ER  - 
Demographic data of patients who have psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and its relation with semiological characteristics of PNES$$$ Purpose: PNES is a type of somatoform disorder consisting of paroxysmal episodes resembling epileptic seizures (ES) without concomitant Electroencephalographic activity. Distinguishing PNES fromES is important to avoid overdiagnosis of Epilepsy as well as overtreatment of epileptic patients. Backgrounds of patients such as gender, having family history of epilepsy, having epileptic background might have effects on semiological characteristics of PNES. The aim of the study is to analyze demographic data of PNES patients in terms of semiological characteristics Method: 114 patients (male:female = 44:70) aged 13-67 years, who were diagnosed as PNES with video monitoring EEG between 2010 and 2014, were included in this retrospective study. Patients were divided into groups according to their background data; gender, family history of ES, epilepsy history. Patients were grouped according to common semiological characteristics of non-epileptic seizure which were defined by epileptologist during video monitoring EEG. Chi-square test was used statistically Results: Age histogram showed two peaks at age 20-23 and 40-43 which was more prominent in female gender. Age 20-23 was peak age for male group. 1-5 min was the most frequent seizure duration. There was no significant relationship between defined semiological characteristics and gender in exception of high concomitance of opisthotonic posture in male patients (p = 0,017). There was no significant relation with defined semiological characteristics of seizures in patient with or without epileptic background and having or not having family history of epilepsy Conclusion: Our results did not show significant relationship between common semiological seizure characteristics, gender, family history of epilepsy and having epileptic background. Male patient percentage was high compared to other studies in literature. High frequency of PNES patients at age 40-43 was also remarkable. Sociocultural characteristics of the population could cause the differences of demographic background from the literature. ER  - 
Pathological laughing and crying as differential diagnosis of gelastic seizures$$$ Purpose: Pathological laughing and crying (PLC) is characterized by involuntary and uncontrollable laughing and/or crying episodes incongruent to the patient's mood. The theory most accepted proposes that motor control of emotions is modulated by the cerebellum, which acts as a “gate control.” Reduction of the inhibitory input results in disinhibition of the cerebellum, with socially inappropriate emotional expression Occasionally those episodes may be mistaken for epileptic seizures. The objective of this study was to evaluate systematically the occurrence of PLC in children Method: This was a retrospective study conducted at the neuropediatric clinic of our University Hospital. Inclusion criteria was age up to 18 years-old and episodes of uncontrollable laughing or crying consistent with PLC. Exclusion criteria were the presence of an underlying mood or personality disorder that could explain the abnormal emotion expression Angelman syndrome and hypothalamic hamartoma Results: Sixteen patients met the inclusion criteria, eight boys, eight girls; ages ranging from three to 18 years-old (mean = 8.5 years-old) All patients had pathological laughter; and only four had pathological crying. Neurological examination was abnormal in all patients, and most of them showed developmental delay and cognitive impairment. In most patients the main presenting concern was if the laughing was seizure related. Only three patients needed treatment. Risperidone was highly effective in all of them, with no side effects Conclusion: We conclude that PLC is not rare in childhood and should be considered more often as a possible diagnosis. When treatment is needed, risperidone is a safe and effective option providing major improvement in quality of life. ER  - 
Treatment choices for attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder in children with and without interictal epileptiform abnormalities$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this retrospective study was to investigate whether interictal epileptiform discharges (IED) recorded at the attention- deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) assessment influence pharmacological treatment choices for ADHD during 12 months follow- up Method: Subjects were 517 ADHD children (82.4% male), aged between 6 and 14 years, who were diagnosed between January 2000 and December 2005 with one awake EEG at ADHD assessment. IED were found in 39 cases, 12 of them had previous epilepsy. 39 cases with IED (IED group) were matched on age and gender with 39 patients without IED (non-IED group). We measured initial use of MPH, positive response to MPH after 4-7 weeks, the use of MPH at 12 months, the use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), and the use of dexamphetamine and atomoxetine Results: Of the 39 patients with IED, 36 (92.3%) cases were treated with MPH and initial positive response to MPH was achieved in 83.3%. In the non-IED group, initial positive response was found in 89.2%. There were no statistically significant differences between the groups with respect to MPH use during 12 months. The use of dexamphetamine and atomoxetine were also without differences (2 cases in each group). In contrast the use of AED significantly differed in children with and without IED (22 (vs.) 0 cases), regardless of excluding cases with epilepsy. The use of AEDs alone was not sufficient to reduce ADHD symptoms cases with IED Conclusion: The ADHD children with and without IED differed in using of AEDs regardless of previous history of epilepsy. The use of AEDs alone was not sufficient to reduce ADHD symptoms. The IED-group and non-IED group used MPH, dexamphetamine and atomoxetine similarly during 12 months follow-up. ER  - 
Family functioning, marital quality and social support in Chinese patients with epilepsy$$$ Background: The purpose of this study was to examine family functioning, marital quality, social support, and anxiety and depression in Chinese patients with Epilepsy (PWE) in comparison with healthy people. Methods: This case-control study included 42 PWE and 42 healthy controls. Participants completed the Zung's self-rating depression scale, the Zung's self-rating anxiety scale, the Chinese version of family cohesion and flexibility evaluation scales, the Chinese version of the marital inventory ENRICH, and the Chinese versions of the social support rating scale and perceived social support scale. Results: PWE reported higher levels of anxiety and depression, and lower levels of family cohesion, marriage quality and social support compared with controls. Support within and outside the family was negatively associated with depression, however social support did not significantly predict depression in PWE. In patients, support within the family and emotional support predicted family cohesion and marriage quality. Instrumental support was negatively associated with anxiety in patients but positively associated with depression in healthy controls. Support within the family predicted family cohesion and marriage quality in both the control group and patient group, depression predicted family adaptation in both the control group and patient group, while support outside the family predicted marriage quality only in the patient group. Both emotional and instrumental support predicted family adaptation in the control group, and emotional support predicted family cohesion in patients. Conclusions: PWE in China had higher levels of anxiety and depression, dissatisfaction with family functioning and marital life, and less social support compared with healthy controls. Emotional support within and outside families promoted family cohesion and marriage quality, depression decreased family adaptation, and instrumental support decreased anxiety of PWE. These findings suggest that enhancing family and emotional supports and decreasing depression could promote the family functioning and marital quality of PWE, and instrumental support may play a role in decreasing anxiety. ER  - 
Anti-C1q antibodies in systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Objective: Anti-C1q has been associated with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and lupus nephritis in previous studies. We studied anti-C1q specificity for SLE (vs rheumatic disease controls) and the association with SLE manifestations in an international multicenter study. Methods: Information and blood samples were obtained in a cross-sectional study from patients with SLE (n=308) and other rheumatologic diseases (n=389) from 25 clinical sites (84% female, 68% Caucasian, 17% African descent, 8% Asian, 7% other). IgG anti-C1q against the collagen-like region was measured by ELISA. Results: Prevalence of anti-C1q was 28% (86/308) in patients with SLE and 13% (49/389) in controls (OR=2.7, 95% CI: 1.8-4, p<0.001). Anti-C1q was associated with proteinuria (OR=3.0, 95% CI: 1.7-5.1, p<0.001), red cell casts (OR=2.6, 95% CI: 1.2-5.4, p=0.015), anti-dsDNA (OR=3.4, 95% CI: 1.9-6.1, p<0.001) and anti-Smith (OR=2.8, 95% CI: 1.5-5.0, p=0.01). Anti-C1q was independently associated with renal involvement after adjustment for demographics, ANA, anti-dsDNA and low complement (OR=2.3, 95% CI: 1.3-4.2, p<0.01). Simultaneously positive anti-C1q, anti-dsDNA and low complement was strongly associated with renal involvement (OR=14.9, 95% CI: 5.8-38.4, p<0.01). Conclusions: Anti-C1q was more common in patients with SLE and those of Asian race/ethnicity. We confirmed a significant association of anti-C1q with renal involvement, independent of demographics and other serologies. Anti-C1q in combination with anti-dsDNA and low complement was the strongest serological association with renal involvement. These data support the usefulness of anti-C1q in SLE, especially in lupus nephritis. Lupus (2015) 24, 42-49. ER  - 
Comparison of common data elements from the Managing Epilepsy Well (MEW) Network integrated database and a well-characterized sample with nonepileptic seizures$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are both chronic illnesses characterized by similar and overlapping clinical features. A limited number of studies comparing people with epilepsy (PWE) and patients with PNES that address determinants of health outcomes exist. We conducted an analysis using a well-characterized sample of people with PNES and the Managing Epilepsy Well (MEW) Network integrated data, comparing descriptive data on samples with epilepsy and with documented PNES. Based on the pooled data, we hypothesized that people with PNES would have worse QOL and higher depression severity than PWE. Material and methods: We used data from the MEW Network integrated database involving select epilepsy self-management studies comprising 182 PWE and 305 individuals with documented PNES from the Rhode Island Hospital Neuropsychiatry and Behavioral Neurology Clinic. We conducted a matched, case-control study assessing descriptive comparisons on 16 common data elements that included gender, age, ethnicity, race, education, employment, income, household composition, relationship status, age at seizure onset, frequency of seizures, seizure type, health status, healthy days, quality of life, and depression. Standardized rating scales for depression and quality of life were used. Results: Median seizure frequency in the last 30. days for PWE was 1, compared to 15 for patients with PNES (p. <. 0.05). People with epilepsy had a QOLIE-10 mean score of 3.00 (SD: 0.91) compared to 3.54 (0.88) (p. <. 0.01) for patients with PNES. Depression severity was moderate to severe in 7.7% of PWE compared to 34.1% (p. <. 0.05) of patients with PNES. Discussion: People with epilepsy in selected MEW Network programs are fairly well educated, mostly women, with few minorities and low monthly seizure rates. Those with PNES, however, have higher levels of not working/on disability and had more frequent seizures, higher depression severity, and worse QOL. These differences were present despite demographics that are largely similar in both groups, illustrating that other determinants of illness may influence PNES. ER  - 
Induction of robust type-I CD8+ T-cell responses in WHO grade 2 Low-grade glioma patients receiving peptide-based vaccines in combination with poly-ICLC$$$ Purpose: WHO grade 2 low-grade gliomas (LGG) with high risk factors for recurrence are mostly lethal despite current treatments. We conducted a phase I study to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of subcutaneous vaccinations with synthetic peptides for glioma-associated antigen (GAA) epitopes in HLA-A2+ adults with high-risk LGGs in the following three cohorts: (i) patients without prior progression, chemotherapy, or radiotherapy (RT); (ii) patients without prior progression or chemotherapy but with prior RT; and (iii) recurrent patients. Experimental Design: GAAs were IL13Rα2, EphA2, WT1, and Survivin. Synthetic peptides were emulsified in Montanide-ISA- 51 and given every 3 weeks for eight courses with intramuscular injections of poly-ICLC, followed by q12 week booster vaccines. Results: Cohorts 1, 2, and 3 enrolled 12, 1, and 10 patients, respectively. No regimen-limiting toxicity was encountered except for one case with grade 3 fever, fatigue, and mood disturbance (cohort 1). ELISPOT assays demonstrated robust IFNγ responses against at least three of the four GAA epitopes in 10 and 4 cases of cohorts 1 and 3, respectively. Cohort 1 patients demonstrated significantly higher IFNg responses than cohort 3 patients. Median progression-free survival (PFS) periods since the first vaccine are 17 months in cohort 1 (range, 10-47+) and 12 months in cohort 3 (range,3-41+).The onlypatientwith large astrocytomaincohort2 hasbeenprogression-free formore than67months sincediagnosis. Conclusion: The current regimen is well tolerated and induces robust GAA-specific responses in WHO grade 2 glioma patients. These results warrant further evaluations of this approach. ER  - 
Dissecting the damage in Northern Greek patients with childhood-onset systemic lupus erythematosus: a retrospective cohort study$$$ The improved survival of childhood-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (cSLE) has resulted in longer patients’ exposure to disease inflammation, medications and/or comorbid diseases, which can all contribute to the development of organ damage. The aim of this study was to assess the evolution of damage accrual in cSLE patients overtime and investigate for predisposing factors. Disease characteristics and treatment in 47 Northern Greek Caucasian cSLE patients were retrospectively reviewed. The Systemic Lupus International Collaboration Clinics/American College of Rheumatology Damage Index (SDI) was used for damage assessment and the European Consensus Lupus Activity Measurement (ECLAM) to monitor cSLE activity. After a median disease duration of 7.4 years, 17/47 patients (36 %) had developed damage (SDI > 0). The most frequent domains damaged were the ocular (41 %), neuropsychiatric (35 %) and peripheral vascular (35 %) one. Peripheral vascular and neuropsychiatric damage was seen more frequently during the first 5 years of the disease. Longer exposure to azathioprine was associated with higher SDI at the end of follow-up (β = 0.008 for every additional month of use, p = 0.041). The mean annual flare frequency was associated with a shorter time interval until the development of the first damage (hazard’s ratio, HR 2.38 for each unit of increase, p = 0.018), while hydroxychloroquine use was associated with longer time interval (HR 0.19, p = 0.007). The lower rates of damage accrual in this study compared to other cohorts might be due to milder disease phenotype in Greek Caucasian cSLE patients, prompt diagnosis and effective disease control. Damage was noticed early in the disease course, and one-third of patients had an SDI > 0 at study completion. Disease flares and a severe disease course leading to prolonged use of immunosuppressives were significant risk factors, while hydroxychloroquine use was protective against cSLE damage accrual. ER  - 
Association between obesity and depression in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2$$$ a study protocol; Background: Diabetes mellitus and depression are highly prevalent conditions throughout the world and have significant impact on health outcomes. It has been estimated that diabetes mellitus type 2 affects about 246 million people in the world; nevertheless, incidence varies among countries. There is evidence that depression is associated with a poor metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus that present other health problems (such as hypertension and obesity). The aim of this study protocol is to determine if obesity increases the risk for depression in patient with diabetes type 2. Methods: The analysis will be reported following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA).The studies suitable for inclusion will be assessed by the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS) to determine their methodological quality. To identify the studies of interest, we will search on PubMed and EBSCO databases. We will use the following keyword combinations: "Diabetes Mellitus type 2 AND obesity AND depression", "depression AND Diabetes Mellitus type 2", "Diabetes Mellitus type 2 AND body mass index cross sectional study", "depression AND obesity cross-sectional study". Causes for exclusion will be publications that studied patients diagnosed with diabetes mellitus type 1; articles that focused on the treatment and complications of diabetes mellitus type 2; publications that have studied other clinical or psychiatric conditions (for instance, seizure disorder or history of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, psychotic symptoms or dementia). Conclusion: The results of this study will form the basis for a better understanding of the association between obesity and depression in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2, and will allow development of prediction tools and better interventions. It is evident that several modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors play an important role in the pathogenesis of diabetes among population. Currently, evidence for the deleterious effects of diabetes mellitus type 2 are based on cross-sectional or other observational designs. Therefore, this study will have important implications for future research and public health guidance. ER  - 
Effectiveness and safety of long-term levetiracetam treatment in patients with refractory epilepsy$$$ Objective:To evaluate the long-term effects and tolerability of levetiracetamLEVin refractory epilepsy. Methods:LEV was administered to 76 patients whose seizures were inadequately controlled by their current medications. The patients were followed for a minimum of 18 months but less than 2 years. The efficacy of LEV treatment was assessed retrospectively as the proportion of patients who experienced at least a 50% reduction in the frequency of seizures50% RR, and adverse events were analyzed. Results:The 50% RR in all 76 patients was 42%. The 50% RRs in the 54 patients with localization-related epilepsy and in the 20 patients with generalized epilepsy were 42% and 35%, respectively. The patients who responded most remarkably to the therapy, with at least a 75% reduction in the frequency of seizures, were more often those with localization-related epilepsy. Among adverse events, irritability and hyperactivity/impulsivity were observed more frequently in this study than in previous reports. These events were observed predominantly in patients suffering from autism or attention deficit hyperactivity disorderAD/HDas a comorbidity. γ-GTP values were improved in 14 of 17 patients whose values prior to beginning LEV treatment were higher than the normal range. This beneficial effect presumably resulted from a dose reduction or the discontinuation of other hepatotoxic antiepileptic drugs. Conclusions:LEV was useful for the treatment of refractory epilepsy, and long-term efficacy was demonstrated. LEV also appeared to be less hepatotoxic. Behavioral changes should be monitored carefully when LEV is administered to patients with concomitant autism or AD/HD. ER  - 
Temporal Lobe Epilepsy with Unilateral Amygdala Enlargement: Morphometric MR Analysis with Clinical and Pathological Study$$$ Amygdala enlargement (AE) has been reported as an epileptogenic focus in subtypes of temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical, morphological, and pathological characteristics of AE. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed the clinical data and imaging findings of 23 TLE patients with ipsilateral AE. We performed morphological MR analyses using FreeSurfer and voxel-based morphometry (VBM) in 14 of the 23 patients and in 20 controls whose images were obtained by a 3.0-Tesla MRI. A pathological study was also performed in 2 patients who underwent operations. RESULTS: All patients became seizure free or shSowed dramatic improvement by medical therapy except for two. They received operations and their pathology revealed that both patients had cortical dysplasia in from the amygdala to the ipsilateral temporal pole. The FreeSurfer analysis showed a significant difference in the amygdala volumes between the affected and nonaffected sides. VBM revealed significant increases of gray matter volumes of the temporal pole on the side of AE in seven of the 14 patients with AE (50%). CONCLUSIONS: Cortical dysplasia may be one of the pathological diagnoses in AE, and in some patients it may extend to the temporal pole. ER  - 
The prevalence of epilepsy and association with traumatic brain injury in veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars$$$ OBJECTIVE:: To examine the association of epilepsy with traumatic brain injury (TBI) in Afghanistan and Iraq (Operation Enduring Freedom [OEF]/Operation Iraqi Freedom [OIF]) Veterans. DESIGN:: Cross-sectional observational study. PARTICIPANTS:: A total 256 284 OEF/OIF Veterans who received inpatient and outpatient care in the Veterans Health Administration in fiscal years 2009-2010. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES:: We used algorithms developed for use with International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification, codes to identify epilepsy, TBI (penetrating TBI [pTBI]/other TBI), and other risk factors for epilepsy (eg, stroke). TBI and other risk factors were identified prior to the index date (first date of seizure or October 1, 2009) for primary analyses. RESULTS:: Epilepsy prevalence was 10.6 per 1000 (N = 2719) in fiscal year 2010; age-adjusted prevalence was 6.1. Of 37 718 individuals with a diagnosis of TBI, 29 297 Veterans had a diagnosis of TBI prior to the index date. Statistically significant associations were found between epilepsy and prior TBI diagnosis (pTBI: adjusted odds ratio = 18.77 [95% confidence interval, 9.21-38.23]; other TBI: adjusted odds ratio = 1.64 [1.43-1.89]). CONCLUSIONS:: Among OEF/OIF Veterans, epilepsy was associated with previous TBI diagnosis, with pTBI having the strongest association. Because war-related epilepsy in Vietnam War Veterans with TBI continued 35 years postwar, a detailed, prospective study is needed to understand the relationship between epilepsy and TBI severity in OEF/OIF Veterans. ER  - 
Post-electroconvulsive therapy recovery and reorientation time with methohexital and ketamine$$$ Objectives Methohexital, a barbiturate anesthetic commonly used for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), possesses dose-dependent anticonvulsant properties, and its use can interfere with effective seizure therapy in patients with high seizure thresholds. Ketamine, an N-methyl-d-aspartate antagonist with epileptogenic properties not broadly used for ECT inductions, is a commonly used induction agent for general anesthesia. Recent studies suggest that the use of ketamine is effective in allowing successful ECT treatment in patients with high seizure thresholds without an increase in adverse effects. In this preliminary study, we directly compared the recovery and reorientation times of subjects receiving ketamine and methohexital for ECTs. Methods Twenty patients were randomized in a crossover design to receive methohexital and ketamine for ECT inductions in alternating fashion in 6 trials. Primary outcome measures were recovery time (voluntary movement, respiratory effort, blood pressure, consciousness, and O 2 saturation) and reorientation time. Secondary outcome measures were individual recovery variables, adverse effect occurrence, and seizure duration. Results Overall recovery time was not significantly different between the 2 treatment arms (F(1, 17) = 0.72; P = 0.41). Reorientation time was faster in the methohexital arm (F(1, 17) = 9.23; P = 0.007). Conclusion Ketamine inductions resulted in higher number of adverse effects, higher subject dropout rates, and a longer reorientation time with respect to methohexital inductions. No significant difference in postanesthesia recovery time was found between the ketamine and methohexital arms. Intolerability to ketamine affected a significant proportion of subjects and suggests that ketamine should remain as an alternative or adjunctive agent for patients with high seizure thresholds. ER  - 
Traumatic brain injury and psychogenic seizures in veterans$$$ OBJECTIVE:: To evaluate a proposed seizure etiology of traumatic brain injury (TBI) as a risk factor for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs), the effect of reported TBI severity on the diagnosis of PNES versus epileptic seizures (ESs), and the potential moderating role of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). PARTICIPANTS, SETTING:: Veterans with a diagnosis of PNES or ES during epilepsy monitoring at a Veterans Affairs Medical Center. DESIGN:: Retrospective review of seizure type, proposed seizure etiology, TBI severity, and PTSD. MAIN OUTCOMES:: Both PNES and ES groups were compared for TBI history and severity, and prior diagnosis of PTSD. RESULTS:: Traumatic brain injury was the proposed seizure etiology for 57% of 67 PNES patients versus 35% of 54 ES patients (P < .05). It was mild in 87% of PNES patients and 37% of ES patients (P < .001). Posttraumatic stress disorder increased the likelihood of diagnosing PNES versus ES in Veterans with mild TBI as the proposed seizure etiology. CONCLUSIONS:: Veterans with PNES commonly cite a TBI as the cause for seizures. Mild TBI was strongly associated with PNES versus ES. Posttraumatic stress disorder may moderate the development of PNES in Veterans with a history of mild TBI. Clinicians caring for Veterans with seizures may use these results in selecting patients for early diagnostic evaluation. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental and mental health comorbidities in children and adolescents with epilepsy and migraine: A response to identified research gaps$$$ Aim: To determine the distribution and risk characteristics of comorbid neurodevelopmental and mental health comorbidities among children and adolescents (6-18y) with epilepsy or migraine (i.e. a neurological condition with shared features and potential etiology) compared with lower extremity fracture (LEF). Method: This case-control study involved a subset analysis of surveillance data in South Carolina, USA. Hospital admission, outpatient, and emergency department visits for individuals with an International Classification of Disease, 9th revision Clinical Modification diagnosis of epilepsy (n=6730; 54.5% females, 45.5% males; mean age [SD] 14y 2mo [4y 5mo]); migraine (n=10 495; 74.5% females, 25.5% males; 15y 6mo [2y 6mo]), or LEF (n=15 305; 40.3% females, 59.7% males; 13y 11mo [2y 11mo]) from January 1 2000 to December 31 2011 were identified. The association of epilepsy, migraine, or LEF with any mental health comorbidity was evaluated with univariate and multivariate polytomous logistic regression. Results: Comorbidities were highly prevalent in children and adolescents, with epilepsy with a rate of 29.7% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 28.6-30.8) for mental health comorbidities and 30.8% (95% CI: 29.7-31.9) for neurodevelopmental comorbidities. The odds of mental health comorbidity was 2.20 (95% CI: 2.02-2.39) for children and adolescents with epilepsy and 1.60 (95% CI: 1.48-1.73) for migraine, in reference to children and adolescents with LEF after adjusting for potential confounders. Prevalence and risk for specific comorbidities are presented. Interpretation: Neuropathophysiological and psychosocial factors specific to epilepsy may provide more risk for adolescents with epilepsy compared to migraine. ER  - 
Carotid Stenting with Distal Protection in High-Surgical-Risk Patients: One-Year Results of the ASTI Trial$$$ Purpose: This prospective, multicenter, nonrandomized study evaluated the periprocedural and 1-year outcomes in high-surgical-risk patients with carotid artery stenosis treated with the Adapt Carotid Stent plus FilterWire EZ distal protection catheter (Boston Scientific Corporation, Natick, MA).Materials and Methods: The study enrolled 100 patients (32 symptomatic, 63 asymptomatic, 5 unknown) at high risk for carotid endarterectomy due to prespecified anatomical criteria and/or medical comorbidities. Thirty-day and 1-year follow-up included clinical evaluation, carotid duplex ultrasound, and independent neurologic and NIH stroke scale assessments. One-year endpoints included the composite rate of major adverse events (MAE), defined as death, stroke, and myocardial infarction (MI) and the rates of late ipsilateral stroke (31–365 days), target lesion revascularization, and in-stent restenosis.Results: Of the 100 enrolled patients, technical success was achieved in 90.9 % (90/99). The 30-day MAE rate (5.1 %) consisted of major stroke (2.0 %) and minor stroke (3.1 %); no deaths or MIs occurred. The 1-year MAE rate (12.2 %) consisted of death, MI, and stroke rates of 4.4, 3.3, and 8.9 %, respectively. Late ipsilateral stroke (31–365 days) rate was 1.1 %. Symptomatic patients had higher rates of death (11.1 vs. 1.7 %) and MI (7.4 vs. 1.7 %), but lower rates of major (7.4 vs. 10.0 %) and minor stroke (0.0 vs. 6.7 %), compared with asymptomatic patients.Conclusion: Results through 1 year postprocedure demonstrated that carotid artery stenting with Adapt Carotid Stent and FilterWire EZ is safe and effective in high-risk-surgical patients. ER  - 
Comparison of propofol, etomidate, and thiopental in anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized, double-blind clinical trial$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to compare the effects of propofol, thiopental, and etomidate, which are routinely used in anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), on the cardiovascular system, seizure variables, recovery, cognitive functions, and response to treatment. Methods: Male patients hospitalized at the Seventh Psychiatry Clinics of the Bakýrköy Teaching Hospital for Psychiatry, Neurology, and Neurosurgery who were treated with ECTwere investigated prospectively. The effects on cardiovascular system parameters (heart rate, blood pressure, and blood oxygenation), seizure variables (duration and intensity of seizure), and recovery variables were recorded at every session, on prespecified time points, and the findings of the first session were used in this evaluation. In addition, clinical responses to treatment were evaluated with tests of cognitive functions before and after a course of ECT. Adverse effects were recorded. Results: The sociodemographic characteristics of the 3 treatment groups were similar. There were no significant differences among the groups in terms of effects on cardiovascular system variables, seizure variables, and cognitive functions. The clinical response to ECTwas good in all groups, without any significant differences. Conclusions: Propofol, etomidate, and thiopental are associated with similar safety and efficacy profiles. ER  - 
Atorvastatin prevents development of kindling by modulating hippocampal levels of dopamine, glutamate, and GABA in mice$$$ Purpose: Atorvastatin (ATV) is widely used for the treatment of dyslipidemias. Recent evidence has shown that ATV has protection effects against seizures. However, the effect of ATV on certain neurotransmitter and oxidative stress markers associated with seizures had not been reported. Therefore, the present study aimed to evaluate the effects of ATV on oxidative stress markers on whole brain and GABA, glutamate, and dopamine levels in the hippocampus of PTZ-kindled mice. Additionally, effects of ATV on animal models of seizures, anxiety, and depression were also assessed. Materials and methods: Swiss albino mice were given ATV (20, 40, and 80. mg/kg/p.o.) in an acute study. On the seventh day, animals were subjected to various neurological and neurobehavioral tests, viz, increasing current electroshock (ICES) test, pentylenetetrazole (PTZ)-induced seizures, Elevated Plus Maze (EPM), and Forced Swim Test (FST). For the development of kindling, a subconvulsant dose of PTZ, i.e., 25. mg/kg, i.p., was administered every other day, and ATV in all the three doses was administered daily. Seizure score was continuously monitored until the development of kindling. Thiobarbituric acid reacting species (TBARS), glutathione, dopamine, GABA, and glutamate levels were also assessed in the brain tissues of mice. Results: The results showed that in the ICES test, ATV 80. mg/kg increased the seizure threshold to hind limb extension (HLE), and a complete protection against HLE was observed when ATV 80. mg/kg was combined with a subanticonvulsant dose of phenytoin. Atorvastatin in all the tested doses suppressed the development of kindling, reduced lipid peroxidation, and increased glutathione levels. All doses of ATV maintained the normal levels of glutamate, GABA, and dopamine in kindled mice. Conclusion: Atorvastatin possesses anticonvulsant activity against electroconvulsions. It was found to suppress the development of PTZ kindling, presumably altering the redox status and hippocampal levels of dopamine, glutamate, and GABA. ER  - 
Association of TLR4 (D299G, T399I), TLR9 -1486T>C, TIRAP S180L and TNF-α promoter (-1031, -863, -857) polymorphisms with risk for systemic lupus erythematosus among South Indians$$$ The rationale of this case-control study was to explore the association of Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) D299G, TLR4 T399I, TLR9 -1486 T>C, TIR-domain-containing adaptor protein (TIRAP) S180L and tumor necrosis-α (TNF-α) promoter polymorphisms with susceptibility and phenotypic heterogeneity of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). PCR-RFLP, real-time PCR was used for the genetic analysis and expression studies and ELISA was used for the determination of specific autoantibodies. TLR4 D299G was associated with the risk for SLE (OR: 1.57, 95% CI: 1.08-2.28), while the TNF-α (-1031, -863, -857) CCC haplotype conferred protection. TLR4 and TIRAP polymorphisms were associated with reduced expression of HLA-DR. The presence of TLR4 and TLR9 polymorphisms increases the MHC2TA expression, while TIRAP polymorphism was associated with reduced expression. TLR4 D299G showed an inverse association with pulmonary hypertension. TLR 4 T399I and TLR9 -1486T>C showed a positive association with seizures and photosensitivity, respectively. TIRAP S180L showed a positive association with alopecia and malar rashes, while an inverse association with psychosis was observed. TLR4 T399I (r=0.14, p=0.05) and TIRAP S180L (r=0.15, p=0.03) showed a positive association with anti-Ro antibodies. On the other hand, TLR9 -1486T>C showed an inverse association with anti-La antibodies (r=-0.20, p=0.006). To conclude, TLR4 D299G increases the risk for SLE, while TNF-α CCC haplotype reduces the risk for SLE. All these polymorphisms contribute toward phenotypic heterogeneity. TLR4 T399I, TLR9 -1486T>C and TIRAP S180L influence specific autoantibody production in SLE. ER  - 
Mortality after bladder augmentation in children with spina bifida$$$ Purpose Renal failure has been a leading cause of death for children with spina bifida. Although improvements in management have increased survival, current data on mortality are sparse. Bladder augmentation, a modern intervention to preserve renal function, carries risks of morbidity and mortality. We determined long-term mortality and causes of death in patients with spina bifida treated with bladder augmentation. Materials and Methods We retrospectively reviewed the records of patients with spina bifida who underwent bladder augmentation between 1979 and 2013. Those born before 1972 or older than 21 years at augmentation were excluded. Demographic and surgical data were collected. Outcomes were obtained from medical records, death records and the Social Security Death Index. Fisher exact and Wilcoxon rank-sum tests and Kaplan-Meier plots were used for analysis. Results Of 888 patients in our bladder reconstruction database 369 with spina bifida met inclusion criteria. Median followup was 10.8 years. A total of 28 deaths (7.6%) occurred. The leading causes of mortality were nonurological infections (ventriculoperitoneal shunt related, decubitus ulcer fasciitis, etc) and pulmonary disease. Two patients (0.5%) died of renal failure. No patient died of malignancy or bladder perforation. Patients with a ventriculoperitoneal shunt had a higher mortality rate than those without a shunt (8.9% vs 1.5%, p = 0.04). Conclusions Previously reported mortality rates of 50% to 60% in patients with spina bifida do not appear to apply in children who have undergone bladder augmentation. On long-term followup leading causes of death in patients with spina bifida after bladder augmentation were nonurological infections rather than complications associated with augmentation or renal failure. ER  - 
Expanding the efficacy of project UPLIFT: Distance delivery of mindfulness-based depression prevention to people with epilepsy$$$ Objective: Depression affects about 16% of the U.S. population over a lifetime. People with chronic diseases have especially high rates of comorbid depression; 32% to 48% of people with epilepsy experience depression. This study evaluated the efficacy of a mindfulness-based cognitive therapy intervention for preventing major depressive disorder (MDD) episodes in people with epilepsy. Method: Participants (n = 128) were adults from Georgia, Michigan, Texas, and Washington with epilepsy and mild/moderate depressive symptoms. The 8-session weekly Project UPLIFT intervention, based on mindfulness-based cognitive therapy, was group-delivered via Web or telephone. Using a randomized, controlled crossover design, participants were assigned to Project UPLIFT or a treatment-as-usual (TAU) waitlist and assessed at baseline, and after intervening in the intervention group (-10 weeks) and in the TAU group (-20 weeks). Assessments included valid self-report measures of depression and MDD, knowledge/skills, and satisfaction with life. Results: The incidence of MDD episodes (new or relapse) from baseline to interim assessment was significantly lower in the intervention condition (0.0%) than in TAU (10.7%). Depressive symptoms decreased significantly more in the intervention condition than in TAU; Web and telephone did not differ. Change in knowledge/skills mediated the effect, which persisted over the 10 weeks of follow-up. Knowledge/skills and life satisfaction increased significantly more in the intervention condition than in TAU. Conclusions: Distance delivery of group mindfulness-based cognitive therapy can prevent episodes of MDD, reduce symptoms of depression, and increase life satisfaction in people with epilepsy. This intervention is easily modified for persons with other chronic diseases and other disparity populations. ER  - 
Characteristics of analytically confirmed 3-MMC-related intoxications from the Swedish STRIDA project$$$ Background. 3-Methylmethcathinone (3-MMC) is a synthetic cathinone stimulant structurally related to the new psychoactive substance (NPS) mephedrone (4-methylmethcathinone, 4-MMC). We describe a case series of analytically confirmed intoxications involving 3-MMC presented to emergency departments in Sweden and included in the STRIDA project. Study design. Observational case series of consecutive patients with self-reported or suspected use of NPS presenting to hospitals in Sweden between August 2012 and March 2014. Methods. NPS analysis was performed by a liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (MS)/MS method that is updated with new substances as they appear. Data on clinical features were collected during Poisons Information Centre consultations and retrieved from medical records. Results. 3-MMC was detected in 50 (6.4%) of the 786 cases included in the STRIDA project during the 20-month study period, with the peak occurring in August 2013. The age range of patients testing positive for 3-MMC was 17-49 years (median 24) and 76% of them were men. The 3-MMC concentration in serum ranged between 0.002 and 1.49 μg/mL (median, 0.091) and between 0.007 and 290 μg/mL (median, 3.05) in urine. Co-exposure to other NPS and/or traditional drugs was very common, and 3-MMC mono-intoxication was found in only 4 (8%) cases. The most frequent clinical features were tachycardia (48% of cases) and agitation (42%). Other features included a reduced level of consciousness (32%), dilated pupils (24%), hallucinations (20%), diaphoresis (12%), seizures (8%), and hyperthermia (6%). Most patients (60%) needed hospital care for only 1 day but in 8% for 3 days or longer. Conclusion. The majority of patients with analytically confirmed 3-MMC exposure had sympathomimetic features similar to those associated with mephedrone intoxication. However, the high incidence of co-exposure to other drugs makes the clinical interpretation difficult. Nevertheless, 3-MMC was associated with a high admittance rate to intensive care (30%), and detected in two cases with a fatal outcome, suggesting that 3-MMC is a harmful drug. ER  - 
Diagnostic practice of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in the pediatric setting$$$ Summary Objective No formal guidelines for diagnosing psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in children exist, and little is known about the clinical practice of diagnosing PNES in the pediatric setting. We therefore performed a national survey as a first step to document pediatricians' current diagnostic practice for PNES. Methods A questionnaire was distributed to all pediatricians (n = 64) working in the field of neuropediatrics and/or social pediatrics in the Danish hospital setting to uncover their use of terminology and of the International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision (ICD-10) codes as well as their clinical diagnostic approach to pediatric PNES. The questionnaire included questions on 18 history and 24 paroxysmal event characteristics. Results The response rate was 95% (61/64). There was no consensus on which terminology and diagnostic codes to use. Five history characteristics (psychosocial stressors/trauma, sexual abuse, paroxysmal events typically occur in stressful situations, no effect of antiepileptic drugs, and physical abuse) and six paroxysmal event characteristics (resisted eyelid opening, avoidance/guarding behavior, paroxysmal events occur in the presence of others, closed eyes, rarely injury related to paroxysmal event, and absence of postictal change) were agreed to be very predictive of PNES by at least 50% of the pediatricians. Supplementary diagnostic tests such as blood chemistry measurements (e.g., blood glucose or acute phase reactants; i.e., white blood cell count and C-reactive protein) and electrocardiography were inconsistently used. Only 49% of the respondents reported to use video-electroencephalography (VEEG) frequently as part of their diagnostic procedure. Significance To our knowledge, this is the first national survey that offers a systematic insight into the diagnostic practices for children with PNES in the hospital setting. The results demonstrate a need for clinical guidelines to improve and systematize the diagnostic approach for PNES in children. ER  - 
Prevalence of depressive symptoms and their impact on quality of life in patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy (IMDYVA study)$$$ Background: Drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) is usually related to focal epilepsy (FE) and is present in up to 30% of patients. Several studies have found high rates of depressive symptoms and poor health related quality of life (HRQOL) in DRE patients but little information is available on these aspects for Spain. Objective: To determine the prevalence of depressive symptoms in a cohort of Spanish patients with DRE and evaluate their HRQOL in comparison with patients with controlled FE (CFE). Methods: This observational cross-sectional study analyzed FE patients, with and without DRE, recruited from different Spanish neurology outpatient clinics. Presence of depressive symptoms was assessed using the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II). HRQOL was evaluated using the Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31). Results: 515 patients (DRE. =. 248) were included. Mean (SD) age was 44.3 (15.4) years and 50.5% were male. Overall, 15.9% had a previous diagnosis of depressive symptoms (DRE. =. 22.6%; CFE. =. 9.7%, p<. 0.001). Depressive symptoms was observed in 62.1% [95% CI 56.1-68.1] and 64.8% [58.8-70.7] of DRE patients using MADRS and BDI-II, respectively, compared to 32.6% [27.0-38.2] and 37.2% [31.4-43.0] in the CFE group (. p<. 0.001). Depressive symptoms was associated with poorer HRQOL. Multivariate modeling showed that presence of depressive symptoms on the MADRS or BDI-II had the greatest impact on mean QOLIE-31 scores. Conclusions: Compared to other studies, the rate of depressive symptoms was high (60% in DRE and 30% in CFE patients). MADRS and BDI-II showed a positive correlation. Prior to the study, depressive symptoms were underdiagnosed in a large proportion of patients. Clinical diagnosis of depressive symptoms and not seizure frequency was associated with poorer mean QOLIE-31 scores. ER  - 
Impact of epilepsy surgery on the quality of life of a low-income population through the application of the Qolie-10 scale$$$ Objective: To describe the impact of epilepsy surgery on quality of life through the application of the quality of life in epilepsy (QOLIE-10) scale in a low income population. Methods: We conducted an observational, descriptive, and cross-sectional study. The data for all patients who underwent epilepsy surgery from the aforementioned period were registered retrospectively through a review of their clinical history. Clinical variables of interest for this study were obtained through phone contact, and the QOLIE-10 scale was applied. Results: This study included a total of 89 patients with whom phone contact was established and who met the inclusion criteria. Of these patients, 30.3% were without anti-seizure medication at the time of the survey's application, and only 19.1% were still under polytherapy. A total of 47.1% of the patients had returned to some work activity that they would have not been able to perform before because of their disease. All of the components of the QOLIE-10 scale improved significantly (. p<. 0.05) after the surgical procedure, except the variable of "fear of the sudden occurrence of seizures". The variables with greatest impact after the surgical procedure were depression, work activity, and quality of life in general. Conclusion: Epilepsy surgery has a positive impact on the quality of life of patients with low resources and in vulnerable social conditions. It is still to be determined if, in this population, work and social reintegration have a greater impact on the quality of life than other clinical and/or paraclinical variables. ER  - 
Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizure Patterns in Patients With Epilepsy$$$ Background: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) clinically resemble epileptic seizures (ESs) without concomitant electroencephalograph (EEG) changes. Although most studies focus on the differences between ESs and PNESs in different groups of patients, few studies have focused on patients with a comorbidity of PNESs and ESs. Objectives: The aim of this study, was to establish the pattern of relationships between PNESs and ESs in patients who had both types of events during long-term video EEG monitoring, expecting to find that PNESs would be longer, more frequent, and more dramatic than ESs. Methods: This retrospective study included only patients who had both ESs and PNESs during long-term video EEG monitoring. Results: 12 patients with both types of seizures during long-term video EEG monitoring were recruited. Taking into account the hypothesized differentiating pattern (number of PNESs ≥ ESs, duration of PNESs ≥ ESs, and semiology of PNESs ≥ ESs), in 8 patients, all 3 conditions were fulfilled; in 3, 2 conditions were fulfilled; and in only 1, none of the conditions were fulfilled. Conclusion: Although there are semiological similarities between PNESs and ESs in the PNES + ES group of patients, there is still a recognizable pattern of differences between these 2 states, with characteristics of PNESs resembling those of PNESs in patients with PNESs alone-dramatic and prolonged seizures. Provoking PNESs during long-term video EEG monitoring can cause diversion from the pattern, raising the suspicion of provoking pseudo-PNESs. Although this finding needs to be further investigated provocation should be used cautiously. ER  - 
Hospital crossover increases utilization for people with epilepsy: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Summary Objectives "Hospital crossover" occurs when people visit multiple hospitals for care, which may cause gaps in electronic health records. Although crossover is common among people with epilepsy, the effect on subsequent use of health services is unknown. Understanding this effect will help prioritize health care delivery innovations targeted for this population. Methods We collected de-identified information from a health information exchange network describing 7,836 people with epilepsy who visited any of seven hospitals in New York, NY from 2009-2012. Data included demographics, comorbidities, and 2 years of visit information from ambulatory, inpatient, emergency department (ED), and radiology settings. We performed two complementary retrospective cohort analyses, in order to (1) illustrate the effect on a carefully selected subgroup, and (2) confirm the effect across the study population. First, we performed a matched cohort analysis on 410 pairs of individuals with and without hospital crossover in the baseline year. Second, we performed a propensity score odds weighted ordinal logistic regression analysis to estimate the effect across all 7,836 individuals. The outcomes were the use of six health services in the follow-up year. Results In the matched pair analysis, baseline hospital crossover increased the odds of more visits in the ED (odds ratio 1.42, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.05-1.95) and radiology settings (1.7, 1.22-2.38). The regression analysis confirmed the ED and radiology findings, and also suggested that crossover led to more inpatient admissions (1.35, 1.11-1.63), head CTs (1.44, 1.04-2), and brain MRIs (2.32, 1.59-3.37). Significance Baseline hospital crossover is an independent marker for subsequent increased health service use in multiple settings among people with epilepsy. Health care delivery innovations targeted for people with epilepsy who engage in hospital crossover should prioritize (1) sharing radiology images and reports (to reduce unnecessary radiology use, particularly head CTs), and (2) improving coordination of care (to reduce unnecessary ED and inpatient use). ER  - 
A forensic-psychiatric study of sexual offenders in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil$$$ Sexual violence is defined as any sexual act forced upon a person who did not give his or her consent. Our objective is to investigate the socio-demographic features, clinical correlates, criminal behaviour characteristics, and the level of penal responsibility of sexual offenders who were referred to forensic psychiatric assessment in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. This is a cross-sectional descriptive study. All written reports made in the year of 2008 by court-appointed psychiatric experts on individuals charged with having committed sexual crimes and referred to the main forensic hospital in the State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, for assessment were reviewed. Forty-four expert reports were identified. All alleged offenders were male. Nineteen (43.2%) offenders did not receive any psychiatric diagnostic. Nine offenders (20.4%) were diagnosed with mental retardation. In 16 cases (36.4%), some form of mental or neurological disorder was diagnosed. Thirty-one (70.4%) offenders were considered fully responsible, eight (18.2%) partially responsible, and five (11.4%) not responsible by reason of insanity. The sexual crimes allegedly perpetrated by the offenders were rape (n=14, 32%), attempted rape (n=4, 9%), indecent assault (n=26, 59%), and indecent exposure (n=5, 11.4%). In 10 cases (22.7%), the offender was under alcohol influence at the moment of the crime. The profile of Brazilian sex offenders subject to forensic psychiatric assessment were male, caucasian, single, working part time, with no mental disorder, who perpetrated indecent assault. ER  - 
Bupropion for interferon-alpha-induced depression in patients with hepatitis C viral infection: An open-label study$$$ Interferon (IFN)-α therapy for chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection is frequently associated with major depressive episodes. Bupropion, a commonly used antidepressant agent, has recently found to have strong anti-inflammatory effects in animal models. Despite of the theoretical relevancy, the antidepressant effect of bupropion in IFN-alpha-induced depression has never been studied. Ten HCV patients with IFN-α-induced depression were recruited to receive 8-week bupropion treatment and were assessed every 2 weeks for depressive symptoms by the Hamilton rating scale for depression (HAMD) and somatic symptoms by the Neurotoxicity Rating Scale (NRS). Four of the 10 patients met the criteria for remission (total HAMD scores≤7), and 5 patients met the criteria for response (at least 50% reduction in total HAMD scores). In addition, 5 patients had 50% decreases in NRS for neuropsychiatric symptoms. This preliminary open-label study suggests that bupropion is effective in treating IFN-alpha-induced depressive and somatic symptoms. ER  - 
Health correlates of insomnia symptoms and comorbid mental disorders in a nationally representative sample of US adolescents$$$ Study Objectives: To estimate the prevalence and health correlates of insomnia symptoms and their association with comorbid mental disorders in a nationally representative sample of adolescents in the United States. Design: National representative cross-sectional study. Setting: Population-based sample from the US adolescents. Measurements and Results: A total of 6,483 individuals aged between 13-18 y in the National Comorbidity Survey-Adolescent Supplement (NCS-A) with both individual and parental reports of mental health were included in this study. Participants were classified with insomnia symptoms if they reported difficulty initiating sleep, difficulty maintaining sleep, and/or early morning awakening, nearly every day for at least 2 w in the past year. Nearly one-third of adolescents reported insomnia symptoms for at least 2 w during the previous year. Hispanic and black youth were significantly more likely to report insomnia symptoms (42.0% and 41.3%, respectively) than non-Hispanic white youth (30.4%). Adolescents with insomnia symptoms were at a higher risk for all classes of mental disorders {odds ratio [OR] (95% confidence interval [CI]: 3.4 (2.9-4.0)} including mood, anxiety, behavioral, substance use, and eating disorders, suicidality [OR (95% CI): 2.63 (1.34-5.16)], poor perceived mental health [OR (95% CI): 2.01 (1.02-3.96)], chronic medical conditions [OR (95% CI): 1.94 (1.55-2.43)], smoking [OR (95% CI: 2.60 (1.00-6.72)], and obesity [OR (95% CI: 1.46 (1.10-1.93)] than those without insomnia symptoms. Adolescents with insomnia symptoms and comorbid mental disorders manifested even greater rates of these indicators of negative health behaviors and disorders than those with mental disorders alone (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Insomnia symptoms are reported by one-third of adolescents in the general population. Insomnia symptoms, even in the absence of concomitant depression or other mental disorders, are associated with serious health conditions, risk factors, and suicidality. Comorbid mental disorders potentiate the effect of insomnia symptoms on both physical and mental health. Further evaluation of the causes and effective interventions to reduce insomnia symptoms may have a significant effect on public health. ER  - 
Nilotinib and peginterferon alfa-2a for newly diagnosed chronic-phase chronic myeloid leukaemia (Nilopeg): A multicentre, non-randomised, open-label phase 2 study$$$ Background: Nilotinib is now recommended for patients with newly diagnosed chronic myeloid leukaemia in chronic phase and leads to important rates of molecular response 4.5 log (MR4.5), allowing the prospect of therapy cessation. However, most patients do not reach this criterion and nilotinib is taken for lengthy periods, resulting in chronic or late-onset adverse events. Nilotinib combined with interferon might further increase rates of MR4.5, avoid late sideeffects, and allow therapy cessation. In a phase 2 trial we aimed to assess the feasibility, safety, and deep molecular response of the combination of nilotinib (600 mg daily) and peginterferon alfa-2a in newly diagnosed patients with chronic-phase chronic myeloid leukaemia (CML). Methods: In a non-randomised, open-label, phase 2 trial, we enrolled adult patients (age ≥18 years) without any organ failure who had BCR-ABL-positive, chronic-phase CML, at diagnosis. After a priming procedure with 90 μg per week of peginterferon alfa-2a alone for a month, we gave patients peginterferon alfa-2a 45 μg per week combined with nilotinib 600 mg daily until 24 months after interferon initiation. The primary endpoint was the cumulative incidence of MR4.5 at 12 months after initiation of peginterferon alfa-2a. Data were analysed by a modifi ed intention-to-treat principle. This trial is registered at the European Clinical Trials Database (EudraCT), number 2010-019786-28. Findings: Between March 24, 2011, and Sept 27, 2011, we enrolled 42 patients. One patient withdrew consent before receiving any study treatment so was excluded from analysis; 41 patients received treatment with peginterferon alfa-2a and nilotinib. At 12 months, seven (17%) patients had achieved MR4.5. Haematological and hepatic adverse events were frequent-with grade 3-4 neutropenias occurring in ten (24%) patients, grade 3-4 thrombocytopenias occurring in ten (24%) patients, grade 3-4 cholestatic events occurring in seven (17%) patients, and grade 3-4 elevations in aspartate aminotransferase or alanine aminotransferase occurring in three (7% patients-particularly during the fi rst 3 months. However, 30 (73%) patients remained on interferon therapy at 1 year. Three grade 3-4 cardiac events (7% of patients, all coronary stenoses) occurred at later timepoints. Interpretation: The combination of peginterferon alfa-2a resulted in good molecular responses in patients. Despite substantial toxic eff ects, most patients remained on the study drugs for more than a year. This combination should now be tested in a randomised controlled trial. ER  - 
Perceived social support systems’ and depression’s effects on attitudes regarding coping strategies for the disease in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: To investigate the perceived social support systems’, and depression’s effects on attitudes regarding coping strategies for the disease in patients with epilepsy. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 182 epileptic patients who applied to the Neurology Polyclinics of the Faculty of Medicine at Erciyes University, Kayseri, Turkey between November 2011 and November 2012. As data collection tools, we used the Multidimensional Scale of Perceived Social Support Systems, Beck Depression Inventory, and the Assessment Scale for Coping Attitudes. Results: We found that epileptic patients most frequently employed emotion-oriented coping strategies. Among the emotion-oriented coping strategies, religious coping ranked first, positive reinterpretation and growth came second, while using instrumental social support, which was one of the problem-oriented coping strategies, ranked third. The most frequently used non-functional coping methods were “focus on and venting of emotions”. The most influential variables on coping strategies of epileptic patients were age, gender, educational level, family structure, type of seizures, and the interference of the disease in communication. We found a negatively significant correlation among the scores of depression and emotion-oriented coping strategies, dysfunctional coping strategies, and problem-based coping strategies, while there was a positive correlation found between dysfunctional coping strategies and emotion-oriented coping strategies. Conclusions: The most influential variables on the coping strategies of epileptic patients were age, gender, educational level, family structure, type of seizures, and the interference of the disease in communication. ER  - 
Endoscopic sinonasal meningoencephalocele repair: A 13-year experience with stratification by defect and reconstruction type$$$ Objective. Sinonasal meningoencephalocele is a rare defect, with varying etiologies and treatment strategies. Here we present the largest published series from a single institution of patients with endoscopic repair. The primary goal is to examine rates of success with consideration to accompanying patient demographic data. The secondary goal is to report the results stratified by defect and reconstruction type. Design. Retrospective consecutive case series. Setting. Tertiary care academic center. Subjects and Methods. Consecutive patients with CPT codes for skull base meningoencephalocele repair between May 2000 and March 2013 were reviewed. Patients who specifically had sinonasal defects were included. Results. During the study period, 149 cases of sinonasal meningoencephaloceles were managed in 133 patients. Mean follow-up was 21.3 months (range, 0-116). There was a success rate of 88% for initial repair, with mean recurrence time of 8.3 months (range, 0-38), and a success rate of 93.8% for initial recurrence surgery, with 99.3% of ultimate successful repair. All cases were repaired endoscopically. Recurrence rate was not significantly related to location of defect (P = .682), size of defect (P = .434), particular reconstruction technique (P = .163), or etiology (trauma, P = .070). Overall complication rate was 11.3%. Conclusion. Endoscopic sinonasal meningoencephalocele repair has excellent long-term results and may be considered as a primary approach. Surgeon comfort with a particular technique should be the most important factor used to guide choice of reconstruction. ER  - 
How long is long enough? The utility of prolonged inpatient video EEG monitoring$$$ Video EEG monitoring (VEM) is a valuable tool for the diagnosis of epileptic seizures (ES) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). We sought to determine the benefits of prolonged length of stay (LOS). We retrospectively reviewed the records of patients admitted for VEM. We analyzed LOS for ES and PNES patients to determine if there was reduced utility, as evidenced by a significantly higher inconclusive outcome, beyond a certain duration. We calculated receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves to determine optimal cut off points for LOS based on futility. Patients admitted with presumed PNES were significantly more likely to have an inconclusive admission (31/150, 20.7%) versus all others (58/446, 13%, p=0.033). There was no significant difference in the likelihood of having an inconclusive admission if monitoring was continued for any duration in patients with ES (area under curve, AUC, 0.46). For patients with PNES, a LOS ≥ 5 days was associated with an increased risk of the stay being inconclusive (28% versus 12.5%, p=0.026). Although the ROC curve suggested a cut off of 5.5 days, it did not predict outcomes well (AUC 0.52, sensitivity 0.55, specificity 0.5). Based on our data, prolonging VEM appears useful for the proper classification and localization of ES. ER  - 
RTMS of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex for major depression: Safety, tolerability, effectiveness, and outcome predictors for 10 Hz versus intermittent theta-burst stimulation$$$ Background: Conventional rTMS protocols for major depression commonly employ stimulation sessions lasting >30 min. However, recent studies have sought to improve costs, capacities, and outcomes by employing briefer protocols such as theta burst stimulation (iTBS). Objective: To compare safety, effectiveness, and outcome predictors for DMPFC-rTMS with 10 Hz (30 min) versus iTBS (6 min) protocols, in a large, naturalistic, retrospective case series. Methods: A chart review identified 185 patients with a medication-resistant major depressive episode who underwent 20-30 sessions of DMPFC-rTMS (10 Hz, n = 98; iTBS, n = 87) at a single Canadian clinic from 2011 to 2014. Results: Clinical characteristics of 10 Hz and iTBS patients did not differ prior to treatment, aside from significantly higher age in iTBS patients. A total 7912 runs of DMPFC-rTMS (10 Hz, 4274; iTBS, 3638) were administered, without any seizures or other serious adverse events, and no significant differences in rates of premature discontinuation between groups. Dichotomous outcomes did not differ significantly between groups (Response/remission rates: Beck Depression Inventory-II: 10 Hz, 40.6%/29.2%; iTBS, 43.0%/31.0%. 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression: 10 Hz, 50.6%/38.5%; iTBS, 48.5%/27.9%). On continuous outcomes, there was no significant difference between groups in pre-treatment or post-treatment scores, or percent improvement on either measure. Mixed-effects modeling revealed no significant group-by-time interaction on either measure. Conclusions: Both 10 Hz and iTBS DMPFC-rTMS appear safe and tolerable at 120% resting motor threshold. The effectiveness of 6 min iTBS and 30 min 10 Hz protocols appears comparable. Randomized trials comparing 10 Hz to iTBS may be warranted. ER  - 
Tremor in a population-based cohort of children in New York City$$$ Background There have been virtually no surveys of the prevalence, clinical features, or correlates of tremor in children and none in the United States. Methods A total of 317 children (age 11.0 ± 1.1 years; range, 9.0 to 14.7) underwent an evaluation at one time point. Each drew Archimedes spirals, which were rated by a senior neurologist specializing in movement disorders. Results A spiral score of 1 (mild but consistent tremor) was present in either hand in 105 (33.1%) children; a higher score (1.5, mild-to-moderate tremor) was present in either hand in 7 (2.2%) children. Higher spiral scores were associated with poorer motor hand function as assessed using the Purdue Pegboard test. Spiral scores were higher in boys than girls, were inversely associated with age, and were higher in the nondominant than dominant hand. Spiral scores were highest in children who were taking psychiatric medications and in children with psychiatric or neurological disorders. Conclusions Mild tremor is common in children and covaries significantly with several demographic and clinical factors as well as usage of certain medications. It also lessens with advancing age. Rather than an isolated finding, tremor was associated with other measures of poorer motor hand function. ER  - 
Post-licensure surveillance of quadrivalent live attenuated influenza vaccine United States, Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), July 2013-June 2014$$$ Background: Quadrivalent live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV4) was approved in 2012 for healthy persons aged 2-49 years. Beginning with the 2013-2014 influenza season, LAIV4 replaced trivalent live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV3). Methods: We analyzed LAIV4 reports to VAERS, a national spontaneous reporting system. LAIV4 reports in 2013-2014 were compared to LAIV3 reports from the previous three influenza seasons. Medical records were reviewed for non-manufacturer serious reports (i.e., death, hospitalization, prolonged hospitalization, life-threatening illness, permanent disability) and reports of selected conditions of interest. We conducted Empirical Bayesian data mining to identify disproportional reporting for LAIV4. Results: In 2013-2014, 12.7 million doses of LAIV4 were distributed and VAERS received 779 reports in individuals aged 2-49 years; 95% were non-serious. Expired drug administered (42%), fever (13%) and cough (8%) were most commonly reported in children aged 2-17 years when LAIV4 was administered alone, while headache (18%), expired drug administered (15%) and exposure during pregnancy (12%) were most common in adults aged 18-49 years. We identified one death report in a child who died from complications of cerebellar vascular tumors. Among non-death serious reports, neurologic conditions were common in children and adults. In children, seizures (3) and Guillain-Barré syndrome (2) were the most common serious neurologic outcomes. We identified three serious reports of asthma/wheezing following LAIV4 in children. Data mining detected disproportional reporting for vaccine administration errors and for influenza illness in children. Conclusions: Our analysis of VAERS reports for LAIV4 did not identify any concerning patterns. The data mining finding for reports of influenza illness is consistent with low LAIV4 vaccine effectiveness observed for influenza A disease in children in 2013-2014. Reports of LAIV4 administration to persons in whom the vaccine is not recommended (e.g., pregnant women) indicate the need for education, training and screening regarding indications. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: A prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a prevalent and disabling condition, and many patients do not respond to available treatments. Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) is a new technology allowing non-surgical stimulation of relatively deep brain areas. This is the first double-blind randomized controlled multicenter study evaluating the efficacy and safety of dTMS in MDD. We recruited 212 MDD outpatients, aged 22-68 years, who had either failed one to four antidepressant trials or not tolerated at least two antidepressant treatments during the current episode. They were randomly assigned to monotherapy with active or sham dTMS. Twenty sessions of dTMS (18 Hz over the prefrontal cortex) were applied during 4 weeks acutely, and then biweekly for 12 weeks. Primary and secondary efficacy endpoints were the change in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-21) score and response/remission rates at week 5, respectively. dTMS induced a 6.39 point improvement in HDRS-21 scores, while a 3.28 point improvement was observed in the sham group (p=0.008), resulting in a 0.76 effect size. Response and remission rates were higher in the dTMS than in the sham group (response: 38.4 vs. 21.4%, p=0.013; remission: 32.6 vs. 14.6%, p=0.005). These differences between active and sham treatment were stable during the 12-week maintenance phase. dTMS was associated with few and minor side effects apart from one seizure in a patient where a protocol violation occurred. These results suggest that dTMS constitutes a novel intervention in MDD, which is efficacious and safe in patients not responding to antidepressant medications, and whose effect remains stable over 3 months of maintenance treatment. ER  - 
Safety of enzalutamide in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer previously treated with docetaxel: Expanded access in North America$$$ BACKGROUND The open-label, single-arm enzalutamide expanded access program (EAP) in the United States and Canada evaluated the safety of enzalutamide in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC) who had previously received docetaxel. METHODS Patients (n = 507) received enzalutamide 160 mg/day until disease progression, intolerable adverse events (AEs), or commercial availability occurred. AEs and other safety variables were assessed on day 1, weeks 4 and 12, and every 12 weeks thereafter. Data following transition to commercial drug were not collected. RESULTS Median age was 71 years (range 43-97); 426 patients (83.9%) had a baseline ECOG score of ≤1. In addition to docetaxel, the majority of patients had received prior prostate cancer treatments such as abiraterone (76.1%) or cabazitaxel (28.6%). Median study treatment duration was 2.6 months (range 0.03-9.07). The most frequently reported reasons for discontinuation were commercial availability of enzalutamide (46.7%) and progressive disease (33.7%). A total of 88.2% of patients experienced AEs; 45.4% experienced AEs with a maximum grade of 1 or 2. Fatigue (39.1%), nausea (22.7%), and anorexia (14.8%) were the most commonly reported AEs. Seizure was reported in four patients (0.8%). The most commonly reported event leading to death was progression of metastatic prostate cancer (7.7%). CONCLUSION In this heavily pretreated EAP population with progressive mCRPC, enzalutamide was well tolerated and the safety profile was consistent with that of the AFFIRM trial. Prostate 75: 836-844, 2015. ER  - 
Retention rate of zonisamide in intractable epilepsy$$$ Objectives: To assess the effect and tolerability of zonisamide (ZNS) as adjunctive treatment for difficult-to-treat epilepsy in adult Scandinavian patients. Material and methods: 151 outpatients (mean age: 42.5 years) from 18 centres in Denmark, Sweden and Norway were recruited to the study. 81.5% had focal epilepsy, and the mean number of previously tried AEDs was 4.5. The patients were given ZNS as add-on treatment, and the ZNS dosing and the visit frequency were governed by the treating physician. The primary efficacy endpoint was the retention rate after 12-month treatment. Assessments included also responder rate, type and frequency of adverse events, healthcare resource utilization (HCRU) and quality of life (QOLIE-31). Results: 90 patients (59.6%) completed the study. Mean daily ZNS dose was 300.8 mg. After 12 months, 81 patients were still on ZNS, that is a retention rate of 53.6%. The mean reduction of seizure frequency at 12 months was 27%. Best effect was seen in those with focal and those with secondary generalized seizures. In the QOLIE-31, there was a mean increase from baseline of 4.8 points. The tolerability was generally good. The majority of side effects were CNS-related, dizziness, fatigue, seizure aggravation, and headache being most prevalent. 21.2% had adverse events leading to withdrawal of ZNS. Conclusions: A retention rate of 53.6% after 1 year of treatment with ZNS is roughly in accordance with the retention rates found for lamotrigine, oxcarbazepine, levetiracetam and topiramate in drug-resistant patients. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of conversion to monotherapy with eslicarbazepine acetate in adults with uncontrolled partial-onset seizures: A randomized historical-control phase III study based in North America$$$ Summary Objective To assess the efficacy and safety of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) as monotherapy in North American patients with partial-onset seizures (POS). Methods This multicenter, randomized, double-blind "withdrawal to monotherapy" study used historical control data as the comparator. Adults with POS medically uncontrolled by one to two antiepileptic drugs gradually converted to ESL monotherapy. Following an 8-week baseline period, patients were randomized 2:1 to receive ESL 1,600 mg (n = 128) or 1,200 mg QD (n = 65) for 18 weeks. The primary end point was the proportion of patients meeting predefined exit criteria (signifying worsening seizure control). Treatment was considered effective if the 95% upper confidence limit (UCL) for the Kaplan-Meier estimated exit rate was lower than the exit rate threshold calculated from the historical control (65.3%). Results Kaplan-Meier estimated exit rates were: ESL 1,600 mg, 28.7% (95% CI 21.2-38.1%) and 1,200 mg, 44.4% (32.5-58.3%). The difference between doses was not significant (p = 0.07). For both doses, the 95% UCLs for the exit rate were 65.3%; ESL monotherapy was considered superior to the historical control. There was no statistically significant increase in the risk of study exit related to carbamazepine use. Nine (7.6%) and five patients (8.3%) remained seizure-free during the 10-week monotherapy period, while taking ESL 1,600 and 1,200 mg, respectively. The reductions in median standardized seizure frequency (seizures per 28 days) between baseline and the 18-week treatment period were: ESL 1,600 mg, 42% and 1,200 mg, 31%. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) occurring in ≥10% of patients were dizziness, headache, fatigue, somnolence, nausea, and nasopharyngitis. The TEAE most frequently leading to discontinuation was hyponatremia (2.1%). Significance ESL was efficacious and well tolerated as monotherapy in North American patients, and led to a reduction in seizure frequency. Exit rates for ESL 1,600 and 1,200 mg QD were superior to the historical control; the difference in exit rates between doses was not statistically significant. ER  - 
Contribution of the family environment to depression in Korean adults with epilepsy$$$ Purpose Depression is common in adults with epilepsy and an important factor that affects quality of life in these individuals. However, there are few studies on the interactions between epilepsy and family factors in adults and we here investigate this association. Methods This cross-sectional, multicenter study collected data on 391 adults with epilepsy and their caregivers recruited from 27 hospitals throughout Korea. The Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Stigma Scale, and Caregiver Burden Inventory (CBI) were used to evaluate the study population. Multivariate analysis was conducted using hierarchical linear regression. The Sobel test and structural equation modeling were used to examine interrelationships among the potential factors. Results The mean patient BDI score was 16.3 (SD = 11.1). Depressive symptoms (BDI ≥ 10) were in 68.3% and 57.0% in patients and their caregivers, respectively. Hierarchical linear regression analysis only identified caregiver BDI (β = 0.219; p < 0.001) as an independent factor related to patient BDI. The mediational model suggested that caregiver BDI mediated the effects of other family factors on patient BDI: caregiver's educational level (p = 0.002), caregiver's CBI score (p < 0.001), caregiver's Stigma Scale score (p < 0.001), and family APGAR score (p < 0.001). In addition, structural equation modeling showed that the relation between caregiver and patient BDI was unidirectional. Conclusion Caregiver depression is the most important contributor to depression in adults with epilepsy. The other family factors such as caregiver's perception of burden and the level of family function are indirectly correlated with patient depression via the mediating effects of caregiver depression. ER  - 
Co-morbidities and outcome of childhood psychogenic non-epileptic seizures - An observational study$$$ Purpose To assess the psychiatric diagnoses and outcome in children with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Methodology This hospital based observational study was performed on 44 children aged <16 years, who suspected to have psychogenic non-epileptic seizures based on video-EEG, from August 2005 to August 2012. The parameters noted were the psychiatric diagnosis, co-morbidities, management assessment and interventions (pharmacological and psychosocial), number and duration of follow-up visits, symptoms at follow-up, functioning as reflected by involvement in the social and scholastic work. Results All forty four children completed the evaluation. Thirty four children were diagnosed as having PNES and the underlying psychiatric diagnosis was conversion disorder (n = 34, 77.3%). Co-morbid psychiatric disorders were present in 17 children (50%). The common co-morbidities were intellectual disability (n = 8, 23.5%), specific learning disorder (n = 5, 14.7%), and depression (n = 5, 14.7%). Co-morbid epilepsy was present in 8 (23.5%) children and family history of epilepsy was present in 10 (29.4%) cases. About 17 of 34 (50.0%) patients had a minimum follow-up of 6 months (13.9 ± 4.8 months). Twenty six children (76.5%) remained symptom free at the follow-up of 9.8 ± 7 months. The remaining 10 children (22.7%) had non-epileptic seizures with underlying diagnosis of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), gratification disorder and other physiological conditions. Conclusions Conversion disorder is a common diagnosis underlying psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. Outcome was good in 76.5% children with PNES. A multidisciplinary approach is needed in the diagnosis and management of PNES. ER  - 
Encephalopathy with status epilepticus during sleep: Unusual EEG patterns$$$ Purpose To retrospectively analyze the electroclinical characteristics, etiology, treatment, and prognosis of patients with epileptic encephalopathy with status epilepticus during sleep (ESES) with unusual EEG features and to corroborate if this series of patients is part of the ESES syndrome. Method Charts of 17 patients with typical clinical manifestations of the ESES syndrome with focal ESES of non-REM sleep at onset and during the focal ESES phase, or bilateral synchronic and asynchronic ESES with a symmetric or asymmetric morphology, continuous or subcontinuous and sometimes multifocal paroxysms with or without slow-wave activity during slow sleep seen between 2000 and 2012 were analyzed. Results Mean patient follow-up from onset was 7.5 years. An idiopathic cause was found in seven patients, a structural cause in eight, and etiology was unknown in the remaining two. The median age at onset of the unusual ESES syndrome was 7 years. During the ESES phase, 15 children developed new seizure types, negative myoclonus was observed in seven patients, positive myoclonus in five, and absences in nine. Six patients had motor impairment, two had auditory verbal agnosia, and two had motor speech impairment. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder was observed in four, aggressiveness in six, memory deficit in two, and impaired temporospatial orientation in four. The patients with focal ESES in the frontal region showed behavioral disturbances and/or motor deterioration, and in those with temporo-occipital involvement the dominant clinical manifestations were language and/or behavioral disturbances. Conclusion Our patients with typical clinical manifestations of ESES syndrome but with unusual EEG patterns may be variants of this syndrome. ER  - 
Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and interictal epileptiform discharges: It is safe to use methylphenidate'$$$ Purpose This study investigated whether interictal epileptiform discharges (IED) on a baseline routine EEG in children with ADHD was associated with the occurrence of epileptic seizures (Sz) or influenced the use of methylphenidate (MPH) during 2 years follow-up. Methods A retrospective chart-review of 517 ADHD children with EEG revealed IED in 39 cases. These patients (IED group) were matched on age and gender with 39 patients without IED (non-IED group). We measured at baseline, 1 year and 2 years Sz occurrence, the use of MPH and antiepileptic drug (AED). Results At baseline, 12 patients in the IED group had active epilepsy and three of them had Sz during the last year. 36 (92.3%) patients were treated with MPH. Initial positive response to MPH was achieved in 83.3% compared with 89.2% in the non-IED group. At 1 and 2 years follow-up, three patients who also had Sz at baseline and difficult to treat epilepsy, had Sz, without changes in seizure frequency. We found no statistically significant differences between the groups with respect to MPH use at 1 year and at 2 years. Ten patients from IED group, who did not have confirmed epilepsy diagnosis, temporarily used AEDs during the first year of follow-up. Conclusion Despite the occurrence of IED, the use of MPH was safe during 2 years follow-up. IED predict the Sz occurrence in children with previous epilepsy, but does not necessarily suggest an increased seizure risk. A caution is warranted in order not to overestimate the significance of temporarily occurrence of IED. ER  - 
Clinical and neuropsychological assessment of attention and ADHD comorbidity in a sample of children and adolescents with idiopathic epilepsy$$$ Children with epilepsy present significant problems concerning attention and comorbidity with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Objective: To determine the prevalence of attention complaints, ADHD diagnosis and attention profile in a sample of children and adolescents with idiopathic epilepsy. Method: 36 children and adolescents with idiopathic epilepsy and 37 genre and age matched healthy controls underwent several procedures to diagnose their neuropsychological profile and comorbidity with ADHD. Results: The prevalence of ADHD was higher in patients with epilepsy [x2= 4.1, p = 0.043, 6 (16.7%) vs 1 (2.7%)], with worse results in attention related WISC items and factors in patients with epilepsy comparing to the controls, but not between patients with and without ADHD. Clinical characteristics did not influence those results. Conclusion: This study found a greater prevalence of problems wih attention in pediatric patients with idiopathic epilepsy, but not a distinct profile between those with or without ADHD. ER  - 
Tolerance and efficacy of off-label anti-interleukin-1 treatments in France: A nationwide survey$$$ Background: Despite their limited licensed indications, anti-interleukin-1 (anti-IL-1) agents are often used in clinical practice for an increasing number of auto-inflammatory diseases. We conducted a national cross-sectional observational study from January 2011 to January 2013 to record the off-label use of such agents in France. We aimed to estimate the off-label use of anti-IL-1 treatments in France, assess their efficacy in rare diseases, and increase the reporting of their possible side effects. Methods: Physicians answered a questionnaire that covered patient and disease data, anti-IL-1 agent use, efficacy and adverse events. The study involved adult or paediatric patient who had received an anti-IL-1 agent after January 2005 in France. Results: In total, 189 patients from 38 centres were included. The main diseases were adult-onset Still's disease (AOSD) (35), gout (28), systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (27), cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome (CAPS) (21), familial Mediterranean fever (14) and mevalonate kinase deficiency (12). The main off-label used agent was anakinra, used at least once for 185 patients, with canakinumab used for 25. Anakinra was effective in most patients (90%), with higher complete clinical response rates for Schnitzler's syndrome, gout, CAPS and AOSD. Overall, 58% of patients showed at least one adverse event, mainly minor injection-site reactions. The main reported serious adverse event was severe infection. Injection-site reactions and liver toxicity were significantly more frequent in children than adults. The main non-cutaneous adverse event was liver toxicity, significantly associated with treatment duration. Weight gain was reported in about 10% of patients and was associated with treatment duration and CAPS. Canakinumab was rarely used and showed better cutaneous tolerance than anakinra but similar rates of non-cutaneous and severe adverse events. Conclusions: Anakinra was well tolerated and effective in most patients with various inflammatory diseases. The main adverse events were mild injection-site reactions, especially in children. The survey allowed for collecting limited information on the off-label use of canakinumab. ER  - 
Bupropion for the treatment of methamphetamine dependence in non-daily users: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Aim: Bupropion was tested for efficacy to achieve methamphetamine (MA) abstinence in dependent, non-daily users. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, with 12-week treatment and 4-week follow-up, was conducted with 204 treatment-seeking participants having MA dependence per DSM-IV, who used MA on a less-than-daily basis. 104 were randomized to matched placebo and 100 to bupropion, sustained-release 150. mg, twice daily. Participants were seen three times weekly to obtain urine for MA and bupropion assays, study assessments, and thrice weekly, 90-min, group psychotherapy. There was no biomarker for placebo adherence. The primary outcome was achievement of abstinence throughout the last two weeks of treatment; 'success' requiring at least two urine samples during each of Weeks 11 and 12, and all samples MA-negative (<300. ng/mL). Results: Bupropion and placebo groups did not differ significantly in the percentage achieving abstinence for the last 2 weeks of treatment (chi-square, p= 0.32). Subgroup analysis of participants with lower baseline MA use (≤18 of last 30 days before consent) also revealed no difference in success between groups (p= 0.73). Medication adherence per protocol (detectable bupropion, >5. ng/mL, in ≥50% of urine samples from Study Weeks 1-10 and ≥66% of urine samples from Weeks 11 to 12) was achieved by 47% of participants taking bupropion. Conclusions: These data indicate that bupropion did not increase abstinence in dependent participants who were using MA less-than-daily. Medication non-adherence was a limitation in this trial. Psychosocial therapy remains the mainstay of treatment for MA dependence. Further research on subgroups who may respond to bupropion may be warranted. ER  - 
Is energy drink safe? A cross sectional study on the effects of energy drink on medical students from a medical school of Nepal$$$ Background: Energy drinks that contain caffeine, taurine, vitamins, herbal supplements, sugar or sweeteners are marketed to improveenergy, weight loss, stamina, athletic performance and concentration. Recently some of energy drink has been banned in different countries like Saudi Arabia. In Nepal none of the studies has been done to report the effect of energy drink on health. The main objective of the study was to find out the effect of energy drink on health of medical students. Materials and Methods: It was a cross sectional questionnaire based study done at Manipal College of Medical Sciences, Pokhara, Nepal on November 2013. Results: Out of 206 students 202 completed the questionnaire completely and their responses were evaluated which gives an overall response rate of 98.05%%. Out of 202 students, 88 (43.56%) students were found consuming energy drinks.The research finding revealed that most of the students who consumed energy drink were male 58%. Most of the students felt energetic after consuming energy drink. The majority of the students were from the second year 79.5%. The majority of the students, 71.6% consumed < 5 cans/week. Among the CNS manifestations students felt energetic, insomnia, euphoria, anxiety, dizziness, hallucination, headache and seizure disorder. Most of the students suffered from palpitation among the CVS manifestations. Other GIT and CVS Manifestations were discomfort, nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, abdominal pain, constipation, weight loss and chest pain. ANS and miscellaneous manifestations were also seen among the students among which increased stamina , micturation, dry mouth, sweating, burning sensation in the throat, allergic reactions, breathlessness were noted by the students. Headache and insomnia was found more prevalent in males [OR 1.836 95% (CI 0.458, 7.367)] and [OR 1.214, 95 %(CI 0.517, 2.852)], respectively as compared to female students. However, in the case of GIT manifestations viz. abdominal pain and constipation revealed that it was more prevalent among male students [OR 2.292, 95 %(CI( 0.343, 13.638)] and [OR 1.836, 95 %(CI 0.458, 7.367)]. Conclusion: It is concluded that energy drink gives energy and increases the stamina but it produces neurologic, psychiatric, cardiovascular and gastrointestinal complications on health. Further studies are required on the same field to find out its effect on health in Nepalese population. ER  - 
Structural abnormalities in benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BCECTS)$$$ Purpose The aim of this study was to investigate cortical thickness and gray matter volume abnormalities in benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BCECTS). We additionally assessed the effects of comorbid attention-deficit/hyperactivity (ADHD) on these abnormalities. Methods Surface and volumetric MR imaging data of children with newly diagnosed BCECTS (n = 20, 14 males) and age-matched healthy controls (n = 20) were analyzed using FreeSurfer (version 5.3.0, https://surfer.nmr.mgh.harvard.edu). An additional comparison was performed between BCECTS children with and without ADHD (each, n = 8). A group comparison was carried out using an analysis of covariance with a value of significance set as p < 0.01 or p < 0.05. Results Children with BCECTS had significantly thicker right superior frontal, superior temporal, middle temporal, and left pars triangularis cortices. Voxel-based morphometric analysis revealed significantly larger cortical gray matter volumes of the right precuneus, left orbitofrontal, pars orbitalis, precentral gyri, and bilateral putamen and the amygdala of children with BCECTS compared to healthy controls. BCECTS patients with ADHD had significantly thicker left caudal anterior and posterior cingulate gyri and a significantly larger left pars opercularis gyral volume compared to BCECTS patients without ADHD. Conclusion Children with BCECTS have thicker or larger gray matters in the corticostriatal circuitry at the onset of epilepsy. Comorbid ADHD is also associated with structural aberrations. These findings suggest structural disruptions of the brain network are associated with specific developmental electro-clinical syndromes. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms predict the quality of sleep in patients with partial epilepsy - A combined retrospective and prospective study$$$ Introduction: Epilepsy is one of the most common neurological diseases and has many detrimental effects on the patients' well-being as well as sleep quality. The aim of this study was to assess the subjective quality of sleep and influencing factors on subjective sleep quality in patients with partial epilepsy using a combined retrospective and prospective study design. Methods: We conducted a combined retrospective and prospective study in patients with partial epilepsy and analyzed subjective ratings of sleep quality in 32 patients (17 female, 15 male; mean age: 40.41 ± 12.67. years, range: 20-64) with partial epilepsy (mean duration of epilepsy diagnosis: 18.31 ± 13.26. years) and 32 healthy gender-matched and age-matched controls. All patients filled out a seizure diary for 90. days, which included the number, duration, and type (partial vs. secondary generalized) of epileptic seizures and intake of antiepileptic and sleep medications. At baseline, all participants completed the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI), and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI). Poor sleepers were defined by a PSQI score of ≥5. Results: Twenty-three patients (72%) reported 15.17 ± 25.54 seizures in the previous three months, and nine (28%) patients reported being seizure-free. During the 90-day diary period, twenty-two patients (69%) documented a total of 319 epileptic seizures, while ten patients (31%) reported that they were seizure-free.The mean PSQI score of all patients was 4.88 ± 2.92 (range: 1-14) and the mean ESS score was 5.25 ± 2.98 (range: 0-10). The mean PSQI score of the control group was 3.25 ± 1.57 (range: 1-6), and their mean ESS score was 6.72 ± 3.48 (range: 0-14). The comparison of the two groups showed a significantly higher PSQI score in the patient group (t = 2.778, p = 0.008), but no statistically significant difference regarding their ESS score (t =. 1.811, p = 0.075). Sixteen (50%) patients were poor sleepers. Good sleepers showed a significantly lower PSQI (2.69 ± 1.08 vs. 7.06 ± 2.49; p. <0.001) and BDI scores (2.38 ± 2.50 vs. 9.63 ± 7.63; p. <0.002) than poor sleepers. Linear regression analysis showed that the BDI score was the significant predictor for the PSQI score (estimate: 0.2019; p = 0.00819) and for the ESS score (estimate: 0.2251; p = 0.0321). Conclusion: In patients with partial epilepsy, a higher depression score was the best predictor for a poor subjective sleep quality and increased daytime sleepiness. ER  - 
Nucleus accumbens stimulation in partial epilepsy - A randomized controlled case series$$$ Neuromodulative treatment options are warranted in patients with difficult-to-treat epilepsy. However, acquisition of controlled data on deep brain stimulation has so far been achieved only for the centromedian and anterior thalamic nucleus. In a case series of four patients with intractable partial epilepsy, a randomized controlled cross-over protocol was used to get insight into efficacy and safety of 3-month nucleus accumbens stimulation. Seizure frequency, neurocognitive testing, "Liverpool Seizure Severity Score," "Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory," "Beck Depression Inventory," and "Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview" were obtained at every visit. In a subsequent open-label phase, nucleus accumbens stimulation responders underwent concomitant anterior thalamic nucleus stimulation, whereas nonresponders received solely thalamic stimulation. Under nucleus accumbens stimulation, three of four patients had ≥50% reduction in frequency of disabling seizures without further improvement with additional anterior thalamic nucleus stimulation. Patient-reported outcome and neurocognitive testing remained unchanged. Accumbens stimulation is safe and seems to be a suitable option in intractable partial epilepsy. The current findings require substantiation by an adequately powered multicenter study. ER  - 
White matter diffusion abnormalities in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ The purpose of this study was to conduct a preliminary investigation of the white matter characteristics in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) data were collected at 3 T in 16 patients with PNES and 16 age- and sex-matched healthy controls (HC). All patients with PNES had their diagnosis confirmed via video/EEG monitoring; HCs had no comorbid neurological or psychiatric conditions. DTI indices including fractional anisotropy (FA), and mean diffusivity (MD) were calculated and compared between patients with PNES and HCs using Tract-Based Spatial Statistics (TBSS). Significantly higher FA values were observed in patients with PNES in the left corona radiata, left internal and external capsules, left superior temporal gyrus, as well as left uncinate fasciculus (UF) (P<0.05; corrected for multiple comparisons). There was no significant change in other indices between patients with PNES and HCs. These findings suggest that patients with PNES have significantly altered white matter structural connectivity when compared to age- and sex-matched HCs. These abnormalities are present in left hemispheric regions associated with emotion regulation and motor pathways. While the relationship between the pathophysiology of PNES and these abnormalities is not entirely clear, this work provides an initial basis to guide future prospective studies. ER  - 
Adverse reactions among patients being treated for multi-drug resistant tuberculosis in Egypt from July 2006 to January 2009$$$ MDR-TB is regarded as a high-priority medical and public health issue, its treatment is frequently associated with prolonged illness and disability. Second-line TB drugs have a greater incidence of adverse reactions, which increases the morbidity as well as cost. Objective: To assess adverse reactions of second-line TB drugs in patients treated for MDR-TB in Egypt from 1st of July 2006 to 1st of January 2009. Methods: A retrospective study included 138 patients enrolled into the MDR-TB department at the Abbassia Chest Hospital during the study period. The patient was treated with 5 drugs according to results of the drug susceptibility test as follows: Any drug of the 1st line if not resistant, One of the injectable aminoglycosides (Kanamycin, Amikacin, Capreomycin or Streptomycin), Quinolones (Ofloxacin), Ethionamide, Cycloserine, and PAS. During the course of treatment, the patients were followed up by radiological and laboratory investigation and adverse reactions were determined by clinical and or laboratory criteria. Severity of adverse reactions was graded according to the National Tuberculosis Program. Results: Majority of cases were cured (88.4%), one patient was lost to follow-up, 4 patients completed treatment and 7 patients died. There was a significant weight gain beginning from the 3rd month of treatment. There were statistically significant elevations of SGPT beginning from the 6th month, there were significant elevations of creatinine beginning from the 3rd month while there were no significant changes in serum Potassium levels. Gastrointestinal manifestations were the most frequent adverse reaction, followed by PN, hypokalemia, IBS, Ototoxicity, Hypothyroidism, Skin manifestations, Hepatotoxicity then by nephrotoxicity. Hyponatremia and dizziness were the least adverse reactions, the majority of adverse reactions did not affect daily activity of the patients. There was a significant relation between smoking and peripheral neuropathy while there were no significant relation between smoking, DM and used antituberculosis drugs with the other adverse reactions. Conclusion: The most common type of resistance was acquired resistance, There was a relation between both tobacco smoking and drug addiction, and MDR TB, The most common side effect of anti TB drugs was GIT manifestations and the least complication was dizziness. Adverse reactions did not negatively impact treatment outcome among individuals who were adherent to treatment. ER  - 
Analysis of clinical features of brucellosis complicated with nervous system damage$$$ Objective To evaluate the clinical features of central nervous system involvement in brucellosis, and to provide references for clinical treatment and diagnosis. Methods A retrospective review was carried out in 14 hospitalized patients who were diagnosed as neurobrucellosis from October 2008 to September 2011 at the First Hospital of Jilin University. Patients' clinical manifestation, pathogen characteristics, cerebrospinal fluid analysis and imaging data were recorded. Results Among the 14 cases of patients with neurobrucellosis, 10 cases had the clinical manifestations of headache and vomiting, 11 cases meningeal irritation, 2 cases dysphoria and seizures, 3 cases apathia, 3 cases coma, 3 cases positive pathological sign, and 2 cases lower extremities weakness. From the perspective of clinical diagnosis of 14 patients with neurobrucellosis, 4 cases were meningitis, of which, meningitis with both lower extremities paralysis were 2 cases; encephalitis in 2 cases; meningoencephalitis in 6 cases; abducent paralysis, decreased vision, myelitis and ataxic gait in 1 case, respectively. All patients were in acute phase and had irregular fever. After combination therapy with antibiotics for 2 to 9 days, body temperature of all patients returned to normal, and they were discharged from the hospital after 1 to 2 weeks. All cases were followed up for 12 months, finding no sequelae. Conclusions Due to the diversity of central nervous system involvement in brucellosis, in case of a patient with long-term fever and neurological symptoms, medical and epidemiological history should be inquired and diagnosis would be made easy based on combination of cerebrospinal fluid with laboratory tests. Early treatment of acute neurological brucellosis has showed a good prognosis. ER  - 
Implementation of a CIWA-Ar alcohol withdrawal protocol in a veterans hospital$$$ OBJECTIVES: The South Texas Veterans Health Care System (STVHCS) implemented a Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment of Alcohol Scale, Revised (CIWA-Ar)-based alcohol-withdrawal protocol in June 2013. The aim of this study was to determine the efficacy and safety of the new protocol. The primary objective was the evaluation of whether implementation of the CIWA-Ar alcohol-withdrawal protocol decreased the average length of hospital stay for patients admitted with alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS) as compared with treatment before the introduction of the protocol. Secondary endpoints evaluated benzodiazepine (BZD)-prescribing practices, use of adjunctive medications for AWS, and safety outcomes. METHODS: We reviewed 748 admissions with documented AWS or alcohol-related diagnoses during the study periods of July 2012 to December 2012 (preprotocol) and July 2013 to December 2013 (postprotocol). Patients in the preprotocol group needed to have a scheduled dose of a BZD in the electronic medical record, and those assigned to the postprotocol group needed to have at least one documented CIWA-Ar note in their electronic medical record. Exclusion criteria included prior conditions that interfered with accurate treatment of alcohol withdrawal. RESULTS: There were no statistical differences in baseline characteristics between groups. No difference was found in the primary endpoint of length of stay when comparing hospitalizations pre- and postprotocol implementation (3.84 ± 2.31 days vs 3.82 ± 2.7 days; P = 0.667). There was no statistical significance in total cumulative dose of BZD, daily dose of BZD, or duration of BZD use when compared pre- and postprotocol. No safety events requiring further intervention occurred. CONCLUSIONS: Implementation of a CIWA-Ar protocol at our institution did not result in a decreased duration of hospital stay; however, a decline in prescribing fixed-schedule BZDs was documented. ER  - 
Incidence and risk factors of ventricular fibrillation before primary angioplasty in patients with first ST-elevation myocardial infarction: A nationwide study in Denmark$$$ Background: We aimed to investigate the incidence and risk factors for ventricular fibrillation (VF) before primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI)among patientswith ST-segment elevationmyocardial infarction (STEMI) in a prospective nationwide setting. Methods and Results--In this case-control study, patients presenting within the first 12 hours of first STEMI who survived to undergo angiography and subsequent PPCI were enrolled. Over 2 years, 219 cases presenting with VF before PPCI and 441 controls without preceding VF were enrolled. Of the 219 case patients, 182 (83%) had STEMI with out-of-hospital cardiac arrest due to VF, and 37 (17%) had cardiac arrest upon arrival to the emergency room. Medical history was collected by standardized interviews and by linkage to national electronic health records. The incidence of VF before PPCI among STEMI patients was 11.6%. Multivariable logistic regression analysis identified novel associations between atrial fibrillation and alcohol consumption with VF. Patients with a history of atrial fibrillation had a 2.80-fold odds of experiencing VF before PPCI (95% CI 1.10 to 7.30). Compared with nondrinkers, patients who consumed 1 to 7 units, 8 to 14 units, or >15 units of alcohol per week had an odds ratio (OR) of 1.30 (95% CI, 0.80 to 2.20), 2.30 (95% CI, 1.20 to 4.20), or 3.30 (95% CI, 1.80 to 5.90), respectively, for VF. Previously reported associations for preinfarction angina (OR 0.46; 95% CI 0.32 to 0.67), age of <60 years (OR 1.75; 95% CI 1.20 to 2.60), anterior infarction (OR 2.10; 95% CI 1.40 to 3.00), preprocedural thrombolysis in myocardial infarction flow grade 0 (OR 1.65; 95% CI 1.14 to 2.40), and family history of sudden death (OR 1.60; 95% CI 1.10 to 2.40) were all associated with VF. Conclusion--Several easily assessed risk factors were associated with VF occurring out-of-hospital or on arrival at the emergency room before PPCI in STEMI patients, thus providing potential avenues for investigation regarding improved identification and prevention of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias. ER  - 
Chronic comorbidities in children with type 1 diabetes: A population-based cohort study$$$ Objective To determine the incidence of chronic comorbidities among children with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and to compare incidences with a group of children without diabetes. Design Population-based cohort study. Setting Dutch PHARMO database (1998-2010). Patients All patients (<19 years old) with T1D between 1999 and 2009 (T1D cohort) and a group of age- and sex-matched (ratio: 1-4) children without diabetes (reference cohort). Main outcome measure The incidence of nine common chronic comorbidities was assessed on the basis that they were treated pharmacologically and/or resulted in hospital admission. Cox proportional hazard analysis was used to estimate the strength of the association between T1D and comorbidities, expressed as HRs and 95% CIs. Results A total of 915 patients with T1D and 3590 children in the reference cohort (51% boys, mean age of 10.1 (SD 4.5) years) were included. T1D was associated with an increased risk (HR; 95% CI) of hospitalisation for any comorbidity (3.7; 2.5 to 5.5), thyroid disease (14.2; 6.7 to 31.0), non-infectious enteritis and colitis (5.9; 3.0 to 11.5), cardiovascular disorders (3.1; 2.3 to 4.2), mental disorders (2.0; 1.4 to 3.1), epilepsy (2.0; 1.1 to 3.7) and (obstructive) pulmonary disease (1.5; 1.2 to 2.0). There was no significant difference in the incidences of other comorbidities (malignant disorders, anaemia and migraine) between the two cohorts. Conclusions Our longitudinal study showed that incidences of six chronic diseases were significantly higher in T1D children during the early years of developing this disease compared with the reference children. ER  - 
Tuberous sclerosis complex: A survey of health care resource use and health burden$$$ Purpose Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is a multiorgan, autosomal-dominant genetic disorder with incomplete penetrance. Methods This analysis of a web-based survey focuses on the clinical presentation, management, and associated burden of patients with TSC in the United States. Results A total of 676 TSC patients or caregivers responded. Both pediatric and adult patient groups experienced skin lesions (77% and 44%), seizures (77% and 24%), and kidney complications (33% and 25%) as well as other manifestations. Patient groups averaged 22 visits to a physician, nine procedures/tests, two emergency room visits, and two hospital admissions in the past year. Standardized tests were administered for health-related quality of life and TSC patients reported significantly worse mental health scores and better physical health scores compared to a normative sample of cancer patients. Conclusion Results demonstrate that TSC is associated with significant clinical burden, resource utilization, and decreased mental health well-being. ER  - 
A prospective study of direct medical costs in a large cohort of consecutively enrolled patients with refractory epilepsy in Italy$$$ Objective To evaluate direct medical costs and their predictors in patients with refractory epilepsy enrolled into the SOPHIE study (Study of Outcomes of PHarmacoresistance In Epilepsy) in Italy. Methods Adults and children with refractory epilepsy were enrolled consecutively at 11 tertiary referral centers and followed for 18 months. At entry, all subjects underwent a structured interview and a medical examination, and were asked to keep records of diagnostic examinations, laboratory tests, specialist consultations, treatments, hospital admissions, and day-hospital days during follow-up. Study visits included assessments every 6 months of seizure frequency, health-related quality of life (Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory 31), medication-related adverse events (Adverse Event Profile) and mood state (Beck Depression Inventory-II). Cost items were priced by applying Italian tariffs. Cost estimates were adjusted to 2013 values. Results Of 1,124 enrolled individuals, 1,040 completed follow-up. Average annual cost per patient was € 4,677. The highest cost was for antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment (50%), followed by hospital admissions (29% of overall costs). AED polytherapy, seizure frequency during follow-up, grade III pharmacoresistance, medical and psychiatric comorbidities, and occurrence of status epilepticus during follow-up were identified as significant predictors of higher costs. Age between 6 and 11 years, and genetic (idiopathic) generalized epilepsies were associated with the lowest costs. Costs showed prominent variation across centers, largely due to differences in the clinical characteristics of cohorts enrolled at each center and the prescribing of second-generation AEDs. Individual outliers associated with high costs related to hospital admissions had a major influence on costs in many centers. Significance Refractory epilepsy is associated with high costs that affect individuals and society. Costs differ across centers in relation to the characteristics of patients and the extent of use of more expensive, second-generation AEDs. Epilepsy-specific costs cannot be easily differentiated from costs related to comorbidities. ER  - 
Reduced sleep quality and depression associate with decreased quality of life in patients with pituitary adenomas$$$ Objectives: Several studies reported decreased quality of life (QoL) and sleep as well as increased rates of depression for patients with pituitary adenomas. Our aim was to explore to what extent differences in depression and sleep quality contribute to differences in QoL between patients with pituitary adenomas and controls. Design: A cross-sectional case-control study. Setting: Endocrine Outpatient Unit of the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry, Munich, Department of Internal Medicine, Ludwig-Maximilians-University, Munich, and the Institute of Clinical Psychology and Psychotherapy, Technical University, Dresden. Participants: Patients with pituitary adenomas (n=247) and controls (from the DETECT cohort, a large epidemiological study in primary care patients) matched individually by age and gender (n=757). Measurements: Sleep quality was assessed with the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) and QoL was measured by the generic EQ-5D and calculated by the time trade-off- And VAS-method. Depression was categorized as 'no depression', 'subclinical depression', and 'clinical depression' according to the Beck Depressions Inventory for patients and the Depression Screening Questionnaire for control subjects. Statistical analyses: General linear and generalized, logistic mixed models as well as proportional odds mixed models were calculated for analyzing differences in baseline characteristics and in different subgroups. Results: Patients with pituitary adenomas showed decreased QoL (VAS index: 0.73±0.19) and sleep (PSQI score: 6.75±4.17) as well as increased rates of depression (subclinical or clinical depression: 41.4%) compared with their matched control subjects (VAS index: 0.79±0.18, PSQI score: 5.66±4.31, subclinical or clinical depression: 25.9%). We have shown that a substantial proportion of the reduced QoL (48% respectively 65%) was due to the incidence of depression and reduced sleep quality. Conclusions: These findings emphasize the importance of diagnosing depressive symptoms and sleep disturbances in patients with pituitary disease, with the ultimate goal to improve QoL in patients with pituitary adenomas. ER  - 
Comprehensive overview: Efficacy, tolerability, and cost-effectiveness of clobazam in lennox–gastaut syndrome$$$ Clobazam is the newest medication approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of Lennox–Gastaut syndrome (LGS) in patients at least 2 years of age, although the medication has been available in countries around the world to treat epilepsy and anxiety disorders for many years. Though classified as a benzodiazepine, the drug differs structurally from other drugs in the class as it possesses nitrogen atoms at the 1 and 5 positions within the heterocyclic ring rather than at the 1 and 4 positions. This difference and the classification of clobazam as a partial agonist are believed to be responsible for the decreased incidence of sedative effects compared to other benzodiazepines. Adverse events associated with clobazam use in clinical trials have generally been mild to moderate in nature. Data from an open-label extension trial have confirmed that clobazam is efficacious for the treatment of seizures associated with LGS, particularly atonic seizures (drop seizures), over the long term. Tolerance to the drug’s antiepileptic effects does not seem to be a common occurrence. The drug has proven to be a cost-effective option for therapy, particularly due to its ability to decrease the number of seizures that require medical treatment. Clobazam represents a welcome addition to the treatment options for LGS. ER  - 
The anti-depression effect of Xylaria nigripes in patients with epilepsy: A multicenter randomized double-blind study$$$ Purpose The comorbidity of depression in patients with epilepsy is common and treatment is still controversial. This pilot study was aimed at evaluating the efficacy and safety of Xylaria nigripes for treating depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy during 12 weeks of treatment. Methods A multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized superiority study was performed. A total of 104 patients with epilepsy who fulfilled the study criteria were randomized 1:1 to receive Xylaria nigripes (the Wu Ling group) or placebo (the placebo group) treatment in the 12-week period of study. The participants were visited on weeks 0, 2, 4, 8, and 12 of the treatment course. Results Eighty-one patients finished all of the visits. The primary efficacy endpoint in this study was the total effective rate for depression, which was significantly greater in the Wu Ling group (51.3%, n = 39) than in the placebo group (35.7%, n = 42, 0.51-0.36 = 0.15, 95% CI -0.06 to 0.37, U = 2.83, P = 0.002) after 12 weeks of treatment. No differences in seizure frequency or changes in severity were found between the Wu Ling and the placebo groups. In addition, the quality of life and seizure worry subscale scores in patients with epilepsy were also improved more notably in the Wu Ling group than in the placebo group (P < 0.05). Most of the adverse effects (AEs) in this study were mild and had no differences between the Wu Ling and the placebo groups. Conclusion Xylaria nigripes could alleviate depressive symptoms within 12 weeks treatment and was well tolerated in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Emotion processing and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: A cross-sectional comparison of patients and healthy controls$$$ Purpose This exploratory study aimed to examine emotion-processing styles in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), compared to healthy individuals, and to explore associations of emotion processing with other psychological measures and seizure frequency, using the new Emotional Processing Scale (EPS-25), which had not previously been used in this patient group. Methods Fifty consecutive patients with PNES referred for psychotherapy completed a set of self-report questionnaires, including the Emotional Processing Scale (EPS-25), Clinical Outcome in Routine Evaluation (CORE-10), Short Form-36 (SF-36), Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-15), and Brief Illness Perception Questionnaire (BIPQ). Responses on the EPS-25 were compared to data from 224 healthy controls. Results Patients with PNES had greater emotion processing deficits across all dimensions of the EPS-25 than healthy individuals (suppression/unprocessed emotion/unregulated emotion/avoidance/impoverished emotional experience). Impaired emotion processing was highly correlated with psychological distress, more frequent and severe somatic symptoms, and a more threatening understanding of the symptoms. Emotion processing problems were also associated with reduced health-related quality of life on the mental health (but not the physical health) component of the SF-36. The unregulated emotions sub-scale of the EPS was associated with lower seizure frequency. Conclusion The results showed clear impairments of emotion processing in patients with PNES compared to healthy individuals, which were associated with greater psychological distress and reduced mental health functioning. These findings seem to support the face validity of the EPS-25 as a measure for PNES patients and its potential as a tool to assess the effectiveness of psychological interventions. ER  - 
Mortality predictors of epilepsy and epileptic seizures among hospitalized elderly$$$ Epilepsy and epileptic seizures are common brain disorders in the elderly and are associated with increased mortality that may be ascribed to the underlying disease or epilepsy-related causes. Objective: To describe mortality predictors of epilepsy and epileptic seizures in elderly inpatients. Method: Retrospective analysis was performed on hospitalized elderly who had epilepsy or epileptic seizures, from January 2009 to December 2010. One hundred and twenty patients were enrolled. Results: The most common etiology was ischemic stroke (37%), followed by neoplasias (13%), hemorrhagic stroke (12%), dementias (11.4%) and metabolic disturbances (5.5%). In a univariate analysis, disease duration (p = 0.04), status epilepticus (p < 0.001) and metabolic etiology (p = 0.005) were associated with mortality. However after adjustment by logistic regression, only status epilepticus remained an independent predictor of death (odds ratio = 13; 95%CI = 2.3 to 72; p = 0.004). Conclusion: In this study status epilepticus was an independent risk factor for death during hospitalization. ER  - 
Effect of epileptic seizures on the cerebrospinal fluid - A systematic retrospective analysis$$$ Objective: Analyses of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) are obligatory when epileptic seizures manifest for the first time in order to exclude life-threatening causes or treatable diseases such as acute infections or autoimmune encephalitis. However, there are only few systematic investigations on the effect of seizures themselves on CSF parameters and the significance of these parameters in differential diagnosis. Methods: CSF samples of 309 patients with epileptic and 10 with psychogenic seizures were retrospectively analyzed. CSF samples were collected between 1999 and 2008. Cell counts, the albumin quotient, lactate and Tau-protein levels were determined. Findings were correlated with seizure types, seizure etiology (symptomatic, cryptogenic, occasional seizure), and seizure duration. Results: Pathological findings were only observed in patients with epileptic but not with psychogenic seizures. The lactate concentration was elevated in 14%, the albumin quotient in 34%, and the Tau protein level in 36% of CSF samples. Cell counts were only slightly elevated in 6% of patients. Different seizure types influenced all parameters except for the cell count: In status epilepticus highest, in simple partial seizures lowest values were seen. Symptomatic partial and generalized epileptic seizures had significantly higher Tau-protein levels than cryptogenic partial seizures. In patients with repetitive and occasional epileptic seizures, higher Tau-protein levels were seen than in those with psychogenic seizures. Duration of epileptic seizures was positively correlated with the albumin quotient, lactate and Tau-protein levels. High variability of investigated CSF parameters within each subgroup rendered a clear separation between epileptic and psychogenic seizures impossible. Significance: Elevated cell counts are infrequently observed in patients with epileptic seizures and should therefore not uncritically be interpreted as a postictal phenomenon. However, blood-CSF barrier disruption, increased glucose metabolism and elevation of neuronal damage markers are observed in considerable percentages of patients and depend on many factors such as etiology, seizure type and duration. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of perampanel in patients with drug-resistant partial seizures after conversion from double-blind placebo to open-label perampanel$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of perampanel in patients with drug-resistant partial seizures after the conversion from double-blind placebo in three phase III studies to open-label perampanel, and to assess the impact of perampanel titration rates through a comparison of weekly vs biweekly dose increases. Methods: Patients who completed the three multinational, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase III core studies (studies 304, 305, or 306) were eligible to enroll in the extension study (study 307). Patients completing the double-blind treatment (6-week titration, 13-week maintenance) with placebo (DB-PBO) or perampanel (DB-PER) began the extension study with a 16-week blinded conversion period, during which DB-PBO patients were switched to perampanel. Doses were titrated in 2-mg increments (biweekly) to an individualized maximum tolerated dose of perampanel (up to 12. mg/day). Patients then entered a planned, open-label treatment period. Results: Perampanel treatment during the extension study reduced total seizure frequency/28 days relative to the double-blind prerandomization baseline regardless of prior perampanel or placebo treatment in the core studies. In the DB-PBO patients, median percent reductions in seizure frequency at the end of the double-blind period, at the end of the conversion period, and at Weeks 40-52 in the open-label maintenance period were 18.6%, 44.3%, and 55.0%, respectively. Seizure control was also improved in the DB-PER patients during the extension period compared to the end of the double-blind period. Responder rates were similar between the 2 patient groups at the end of the conversion period. Perampanel was well tolerated, with the most common treatment-emergent adverse events being dizziness, somnolence, weight increase, irritability, fatigue, and headache. For those patients randomized to the 12. mg group (DB-PER 12. mg), 78.4% reached the daily dose of 10 or 12. mg by the end of the 6-week titration period of the double-blind phase. By the end of the 16-week conversion period of the extension study, 64.0% of DB-PBO patients reached the daily dose of 10 or 12. mg. Seizure frequency reduction was greater after the first 13-week maintenance period of the extension study in the DB-PBO group compared to patients assigned to DB-PER 12. mg during the 13-week maintenance period of the double-blind study. Conclusion: Patients who received placebo in the phase III core DB studies and transitioned to perampanel in the open-label extension study (DB-PBO) achieved seizure control at the end of the conversion period similar to that of patients who had been previously exposed to perampanel (DB-PER) as well as comparable safety outcomes. Patients who received perampanel during the core studies and continued with treatment during the extension study (DB-PER) also showed sustained improvements in seizure control with long-term exposure to perampanel. ER  - 
Vitamin D and Calcium attenuate bone loss with antiretroviral therapy initiation: A Randomized Trial$$$ Background: Antiretroviral therapy initiation for HIV-1 infection is associated with 2% to 6% loss of bone mineral density (BMD). Objective: To evaluate the effect of vitamin D3 plus calcium supplementation on bone loss associated with antiretroviral therapy initiation. Design: 48-week prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01403051) Setting: 39 AIDS Clinical Trials Group units. Patients: Adults with antiretroviral therapy-naive HIV. Measurements: BMD by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, 25- hydroxyvitamin D levels, and other laboratory assessments. Results: 165 eligible patients were randomly assigned (79 received vitamin D3 plus calcium and 86 received placebo). The study groups were well-balanced at baseline: 90% were men, 33% were non-Hispanic black, and the median CD4 count was 0.341 × 109 cells/L. At 48 weeks, the percentage of decline in total hip BMD was smaller in the vitamin D3 plus calcium group than in the placebo group: Medians were -1.36% (interquartile range [IQR], -3.43% to 0.50%) and -3.22% (IQR, -5.56% to -0.88%), respectively (P = 0.004). Similar results were seen at the lumbar spine. At 48 weeks, 90% of patients achieved HIV-1 RNA levels less than 50 copies/mL. Levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 increased with vitamin D3 plus calcium but not with placebo: Median change was 61.2 nmol/L (IQR, 36.4 to 94.3) versus 1.7 nmol/L (IQR, -13.2 to 10.7) (P ≤ 0.001). Overall, 103 patients (62%) reported 1 or more adverse event, with similar distribution between groups; no cases of hypercalcemia and 1 case of nephrolithiasis were reported in the placebo group. ER  - 
Hashimoto encephalopathy: A study of the clinical profile, radiological and electrophysiological correlation in a Tertiary Care Center in South India$$$ Background: Hashimoto encephalopathy (HE) is a poorly understood and often misdiagnosed entity with variable clinical spectrum. There are many uncertainties that still remain about this condition and the pathological significance of thyroid peroxidase (TPO) antibody. Objective: To characterize the clinical, laboratory and radiologic findings in patients with HE. Design: Retrospective analysis of clinical features and diagnostic test data. Main Outcome Measures: Clinical features, laboratory, radiologic, electroencephalography (EEG) findings associated with HE and therapeutic outcome. Results: Thirteen consecutive patients were identified as having HE. The median age at onset was 48.5 years (range, 19-62 years). There was a female preponderance (76.9%). Clinical manifestations were cognitive impairment and behavioral changes in 10 (76.9%), sleep disturbance in 9 (69.2%), seizures in 6 (46.1%), headache in 4 (30.8%), psychosis or paranoia in 5 (38.5%), transient symptoms in 6 (46.1%), myoclonus in 4 (30.8%), ataxia or gait disorder in 4 (30.8%). The most frequent laboratory abnormalities were increased TPO (n = 13) in all cases, increased thyroid stimulating hormone levels (n = 6), and increased erythrocyte sedimentation rate (n = 5). The cerebrospinal fluid protein level was elevated in 8 of 9 patients (88.8%). Magnetic resonance imaging abnormalities were present in 2 patients (15.4%). EEG changes were seen in 7 patients (53.8%). All but two patients showed significant therapeutic benefit with steroids. Conclusions: HE has a wide range of clinical, laboratory, and radiologic findings. All patients with an unexplained encephalopathy should be screened for this condition as treatment response is excellent. To the best of our knowledge, this is the largest single center clinical series of HE from the Indian subcontinent. ER  - 
Depression - A common disorder across a broad spectrum of neurological conditions: A cross-sectional nationally representative survey$$$ Objective: To estimate the prevalence of depression across a range of neurological conditions in a nationally representative sample. Methods: The data source was the Survey of Living with Neurological Conditions in Canada (SLNCC), which accrued its sample by selecting participants from the Canadian Community Health Survey. The point prevalence of depression was estimated by assessment of depressive symptoms with the Patient Health Questionnaire, Brief (Patient Health Questionnaire, 9-item). Results: A total of n=4408 participated in the SLNCC. The highest point prevalence of depression (> 30%) was seen in those with traumatic brain injury and brain/spinal cord tumors. Depression was also highly prevalent (18-28%) in those with (listed from highest to lowest) Alzheimer's disease/dementia, dystonia, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's disease, stroke, migraine, epilepsy and spina bifida. The odds ratios for depression, with the referent group being the general population, were significant (from highest to lowest) for migraine, traumatic brain injury, stroke, dystonia and epilepsy. Conclusions: All neurological conditions included in this study are associated with an elevated prevalence of depression in community populations. The conditions with the highest prevalence are traumatic brain injury and brain/spinal cord tumors. ER  - 
EEG is sensitive in early diagnosis of anti NMDAR encephalitis and useful in monitoring disease progress$$$ Background& Objective: Investigation modalities, such as MRI and CSF examination, are neither sensitive nor specific in the early phase of anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Nuclear imaging may be useful to monitor the response to treatment but limited by the availability.We aimed to determine the role of EEG as a tool for early diagnosis as well as a tool to assess disease progression and response to treatment. Methods: A total of 99 EEGsdone in 16 patients diagnosed with anti-NMDAR encephalitis throughout the course of illness, were reviewed retrospectively. The EEG changes were correlated with the clinical presentations and response to treatment. Sixteen EEGs of patients with schizophrenia and mood disorder, and 10 EEGs of patients with infective encephalitis were included as control. Results: EEGs performed during the psychiatric and cognitive dysfunctionphase in patient with anti-NMDAR encephalitis, showed diffuse background slowing in the delta-theta range in all the patients. Serial EEGs showed that the dominant background frequency improved with improvement in cognitive status. Nine patients had complete recovery with normalisation of the EEG abnormalities. Eight patients had their typical clinical seizure recorded during EEG monitoring, but only 2 (25.0%) with EEG correlation. Ten patients had status epilepticus (62.5%), 5 had EEG recorded during their status epilepticus, of which only one with EEG correlation (20.0%). Eleven patients had asymmetric background (68.8%), but only 1 has correlation with focal changes in the MRI brain (9.1%). Even though the EEGs of patients with infective encephalitis also showed background slowing, their CSF analysis was supportive of an infective cause. EEGs of patients with established psychiatric disorder were within normal limits. Conclusion: EEG abnormality has a good correlation with the degree of psychiatric and cognitive dysfunction in patient with anti-NMDAR encephalitis, and is useful in early diagnosis, monitoring the progress and the response to treatment. However, it has poor correlation with clinical seizures. ER  - 
The adverse mental health of carers: Does the patient diagnosis play a role?$$$ Objectives The adverse mental health effects of caring have been studied, frequently in carers of people with dementia. Less is known about the mental health of carers of people with other conditions. This study compared depression and burden in older carers looking after people with a variety of conditions. Design, methods and measures Over 200 older carers interested in participating in the Improving Mood through Physical Activity in Carers and Care-recipient Trial were included in this cross-sectional study, using the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) and Zarit Burden Inventory (ZBI). Results Overall there were 43% of carers who were depressed and a quarter of them reported moderate-to-severe burden. Carers of people with physical conditions had the highest levels of depression and burden. Patient diagnosis, hours spent caring, and burden were associated with depression, while hours spent caring and carer depression were associated with burden. These factors contributed approximately 25-30% of the variance of depression and burden, respectively. Conclusions The diagnosis of the patient was a factor associated with depression, and older carers of people with physical conditions were at the highest risk. It is important for clinicians to assess the mental health of all carers, regardless of the patient diagnosis. ER  - 
Gastroesophageal reflux symptoms in patients with mental disorders$$$ Aim: The center for epidemiologic studies-depression scale (CES-D) and the frequency scale for symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease (the F-Scale) have been used as instruments to screen individuals with depression or gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). The aim of the present retrospective study was to investigate the relationship between psychiatric disorders, depressive symptoms, and reflux symptoms among outpatients. Methods: Data were collected from outpatients at our hospital. Of these outpatients, 861 completed both the F-Scale and the CES-D. The distribution of diagnoses was examined, a factor analysis of the F-Scale performed, and potential correlations between the CES-D and F-Scale, including the mean F-Scale subscales, investigated. Results: The analysis of the F-Scale yielded 2 factors: a general factor of gastric symptoms and heartburn, and a factor of reflux syndrome, which includes swallowing disorders and laryngeal symptoms. A high correlation between the CES-D and the F-Scale scores was found among patients with mild depressive episodes, moderate depressive episodes, adjustment disorder, panic disorder, schizophrenia, somatoform disorder, or other. In contrast, the correlation among patients with severe depressive episodes was lower than expected. Patients with eating disorders were found to have a high score on both subscales of the F-Scale. Conclusion: In this study, reflux symptoms were shown to be common among patients with psychiatric disorders. The results of this study emphasize the need to pay close attention to the digestive symptoms of patients with psychiatric disorders to promote the early identification and treatment of gastrointestinal disorders such as GERD. ER  - 
Antiepileptic and Antidepressive Polypharmacy in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis$$$ Objective. Patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) are often suffering from neuropathic pain. Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) are commonly used and are susceptible to be involved in drug interactions. The aim of this retrospective study was to investigate the prevalence of use of antiepileptic and antidepressive drugs in MS patients and to discuss the theoretical potential for interactions. Methods. Review of the medical records from all patients treated at a dedicated MS rehabilitation centre in Norway between 2009 and 2012. Results. In total 1090 patients attended a rehabilitation stay during the study period. Of these, 342 (31%; 249 females) with mean age of 53 (±10) years and EDSS 4.8 (±1.7) used at least one AED (gabapentin 12.7%, pregabalin 7.7%, clonazepam 7.8%, and carbamazepine 2.6%) or amitriptyline (9.7%). Polypharmacy was widespread (mean 5.4 drugs) with 60% using additional CNS-active drugs with a propensity to be involved in interactions. Age, gender, and EDSS scores did not differ significantly between those using and not using AED/amitriptyline. Conclusion. One-third of MS patients attending a rehabilitation stay receive AED/amitriptyline treatment. The high prevalence of polypharmacy and use of CNS-active drugs calls for awareness of especially pharmacodynamic interactions and possible excessive adverse effects. ER  - 
Switching from natalizumab to fingolimod : A randomized, placebo-controlled study in RRMS$$$ Objective: To investigate the effect of different natalizumab washout (WO) periods on recurrence of MRI and clinical disease activity in patients switching from natalizumab to fingolimod. Methods: In this multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (TOFINGO), patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) were randomized 1:1:1 to 8-, 12-, or 16-week WO followed by fingolimod treatment over 32 weeks from last natalizumab infusion (LNI). Brain MRI was performed at baseline and weeks 8, 12, 16, 20, and 24. Results: Of 142 enrolled and randomized patients, 112 (78.9%) completed the study (8 weeks, n 5 41/50; 12 weeks, n 5 31/42; 16 weeks, n 5 40/50). Number (95% confidence interval [CI]) of active (new/newly enlarged T2) lesions from LNI through 8 weeks of fingolimod treatment (primary outcome) was similar in the 8-week (2.1 [1.7-2.6]) and 12-week WO groups (1.7 [1.3- 2.2]) and higher in the 16-week WO group (8.2 [7.3-9.1]). During the WO period only, the number (95% CI) of active lesions increased with increasing WO duration (8 weeks, 0.4 [0.2-0.6]; 12 weeks, 2.1 [1.6-2.6]; 16 weeks, 3.6 [3.0-4.2]). Over the 24 weeks from LNI, gadoliniumenhancing T1 lesion counts were lower in the 8-week WO group (14.1 [5.67-22.53]) than in the 12-week (21.3 [1.41-41.19]) or 16-week (18.5 [8.40-28.60]) WO groups. More patients were relapse-free in the 8-week (88%) and 12-week (91%) WO groups than the 16-week WO group (84%). Sixty-eight percent of patients experienced adverse events (mostly mild/moderate), with similar incidence across groups. No unusually severe relapses or opportunistic infections occurred. Conclusions: Initiating fingolimod therapy 8-12 weeks after natalizumab discontinuation is associated with a lower risk of MRI and clinical disease reactivation than initiation after 16-week WO. ER  - 
The association between bullous pemphigoid and neurological disorders in a selected Malaysian population$$$ Background: An association of bullous pemphigoid with neurological disorders has been reported. The objectives of this study were to review the clinical characteristics of patients with bullous pemphigoid and compare the association between bullous pemphigoid and various neurological disorders and comorbidities. Methods: This was a retrospective case-control study involving 43 patients with bullous pemphigoid and 43 age-, sex- and ethnicity-matched controls. Results: There was a statistically significant association between bullous pemphigoid and neurological disorders [Odds Ratio (OR) = 3.5, 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 1.3 to 9.2, p=0.011 and adjusted OR=3.5, 95% CI 1.2-10.3, p=0.026], in particular for dementia (p=0.002). Although stroke was more common among patients with bullous pemphigoid, this association was not statistically significant with OR of 1.9 (95% CI 0.7 to 5.2) and adjusted OR of 2.1 (95% CI 0.6 to 7.2). Similarly both ischaemic stroke (OR 1.5, 95% CI 0.5 to 4.2) and haemorrhagic stroke (OR 1.5, 95% CI 0.2 to 9.7) were more common. Other neurological disorders more common among patients with bullous pemphigoid were Parkinson’s disease and epilepsy. Dyslipidaemia was significantly less common among patients with bullous pemphigoid (OR 0.4, 95% CI 0.1 to 0.9, p=0.033). Conclusion: A combination of an inflammatory process, prothrombotic state and endothelial activation leads to an increased frequency of neurological disorders among patients with bullous pemphigoid. Thus, a holistic approach to patient care, including screening for dementia and control of comorbidities, should be practised as bullous pemphigoid affects more than just the skin. ER  - 
Postmarketing safety profile of subcutaneous interferon beta-1a given 3 times weekly: A retrospective administrative claims analysis$$$ Background: Health insurance administrative claims databases represent a valuable source of information regarding the safety profile of marketed products as used in actual clinical practice in a broader range of patients than that assessed in clinical trials. Interferon beta-1a administered subcutaneously 3 times weekly (IFN β-1a SC tiw), which was approved in 2002 by the FDA for the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS), has over a decade of postmarketing experience. To date, however, its postmarketing safety profile has not been described using a real-world evidence source such as administrative claims data. OBJECTIVE: To describe the safety profile of IFN β-1a SC tiw as presented in its U.S. prescribing information (PI) for patients with MS initiating IFN β-1a SC tiw therapy using data from U.S. health care administrative claims databases. Methods: This study featured an observational and retrospective "new start" cohort design using data from the Truven MarketScan Commercial and Medicare Supplemental health care administrative claims databases. Patients were eligible for inclusion if they were aged ≥ 18 years; had ≥ 1 diagnosis for MS recorded between January 1, 2006, and December 31, 2012; had ≥ 2 prescriptions for IFN β-1a SC tiw; and had ≥ 90 days of continuous eligibility pre-index date and ≥ 180 days of continuous eligibility post-index date. Patients with a prescription for IFN β-1a SC tiw without a MS diagnosis were excluded. Patients were followed from first prescription for IFN β-1a SC tiw (index date) until date of therapy switch or discontinuation, end of insurance eligibility, or end of observation period. Adverse events (AEs) examined were those listed in the Warnings and Precautions, Adverse Reactions, and Postmarketing Experience sections of the 2014 U.S. PI. Outcomes of interest were identified at the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (version 17.1) Preferred Term level and then coded to the corresponding ICD-9-CM criteria. Descriptive analyses of patient demographic, health status, health care utilization, and adherence status were performed, and incidence rates (IRs) per 100 person-years of labeled AEs with corresponding 95% CIs were calculated. The IR calculation was based on events that presented after therapy initiation and that were not present in the 90-day pre-index period. Results: The top 6 AEs included influenza-like symptoms (IR = 15.65, 95% CI = 14.96-16.36); malaise (IR = 15.33, 95% CI = 14.65-16.04; fatigue (IR = 15.02, 95% CI = 14.35-15.72); abdominal pain (IR = 10.18, 95% CI = 9.67-10.70); chest pain (IR = 8.48, 95% CI = 8.03-8.95); and depression (IR = 7.75, 95% CI = 7.32-8.20). In contrast, the 6 lowest IRs were for maculo-papular rash (IR = 0.01, 95% CI = 0.00-0.04; injection-site necrosis (IR = 0.01, 95% CI = 0.00-0.03); erythema multiforme (IR = 0.01, 95% CI = 0.00-0.04); hypoesthesia (IR = 0.00, 95% CI = 0.00-0.02); Stevens- Johnson Syndrome (IR = 0.00, 95% CI = 0.00-0.02); and xerophthalmia (IR = 0.00, 95% CI = 0.00-0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Study results show strong convergence between the realworld safety profile of IFN β-1a SC tiw and its U.S. label. Our findings demonstrate the value of using real-world evidence obtained from administrative claims to complement clinical trial and postmarketing surveillance data in order to characterize the safety profile of established products, such as IFN β-1a SC tiw, in the postmarketing context. ER  - 
Diagnostic Clues to Human Herpesvirus 6 Encephalitis and Wernicke Encephalopathy after Pediatric Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation$$$ Human herpesvirus 6 (HHV6) encephalitis and Wernicke encephalopathy are treatable yet frequently undiagnosed causes of encephalopathy in pediatric recipients of allogeneic and autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation. Here we review representative cases of both conditions to highlight specific and relevant neurologic features that prompted effective diagnosis and treatment. Two patients with confusion accompanied by seizures, memory changes, or specific visual hallucinations and HHV6 detectable by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in cerebrospinal fluid had improvement in viral load with ganciclovir or foscarnet treatment. Two patients had confusion, ataxia, or ocular changes and low serum thiamine levels, which resolved with parenteral thiamine. In all cases, definitive diagnosis and treatment were facilitated by a high index of suspicion and search for specific pathognomonic neurologic deficits accompanying the confusional state. It is critical to clinically differentiate these 2 conditions from other common neurologic syndromes occurring after transplant, allowing potentially improved patient outcomes by prompt diagnosis and effective treatment. ER  - 
Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis: analysis of three cases$$$ Objective: To study clinical features, diagnosis, therapy response and prognosis of anti- N-methyl- D -aspartate receptor (anti- NMDAR) encephalitis. Methods: Three cases with anti- NMDAR encephalitis were reported. The clinical features, laboratory examinations, imaging, EEG and therapy response of 3 cases were retrospectively analyzed, and also related literatures were reviewed. Results: Two patients were young male and one patient was old female. Main symptoms included psychiatric symptoms in 3 cases (mania in 2 male patients and stupor in the female patient), epilepsy in 2 cases and respiratory failure in one case. The results of MRI examination revealed normal, while EEG examination showed abnormal in all cases. No tumor was detected in any of these patients. Lumbar puncture revealed normal cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) pressure (3 cases), elevated white blood cell (WBC, 3 cases) and protein quantification (one case). All cases were confirmed to have the disease by detection of anti-NMDAR antibodies in serum and CSF. One male patient got better after receiving immunotherapy with methylprednisolone and intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg), but psychiatric symptoms were left over. Another male patient had no response to the above treatment. But the female patient was improved without immunotherapy. All 3 cases were followed up for one year after being discharged. One male patient died by accident because of mental disorders. Another male patient showed no sign of relief. The female patient got mild personality and memory change. Conclusions: Anti-NMDAR encephalitis is a new type of autoimmune encephalitis. It is characterized by fever, memory deficits, seizures, disturbance of consciousness, and autonomic dysfunction in males and females of all ages. This type of encephalitis is often associated with teratoma, and has a good response to immunotherapy. There is a certain correlation between progression and prognosis. ER  - 
Incidence and predictors of adverse drug events in an African cohort of HIV-infected adults treated with efavirenz$$$ Introduction Adverse drug reactions associated with efavirenz (EFV) therapy are poorly described beyond the first year of treatment. We aimed to describe the incidence and predictors of EFV-related adverse drug reactions (ADRs) in a cohort of adult Nigerian HIV-infected patients on antiretroviral therapy (ART). Methods This retrospective cohort study utilized clinical data of HIV-1 infected adults (aged ≥15 years), commenced on efavirenz containing-regimen between January 2004 and December 2011. The time-dependent occurrence of clinical adverse events as defined by the World Health Organization was analyzed by Cox regression analysis. Results A total of 2920 patients with baseline median (IQR) age of 39 (33-46) years, largely made up of men (78%) were included in the study. During 8834 person-years of follow up, 358 adverse drug events were reported; the incidence rate was 40.3 ADRs per 1000 person-years of treatment. Lipodystrophy and neuropsychiatric disorders were the most common ADRs with incidences of 63 and 30 per 1000 patients respectively. About one-third of the neuropsychiatric adverse events were within 12 months of commencement of ART. The risk of neuropsychiatric ADRs was independently predicted for women [adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) 9.05; 95% CI: 5.18-15.82], those aged <40 years (aHR 2.59; 95% CI: 1.50-4.45), advanced HIV disease (WHO stage 3 or 4) [aHR 2.26; 95% CI: 1.37-3.72], and zidovudine [aHR 2.21; 95% CI: 1.27-3.83] or stavudine [aHR 4.22; 95% CI: 1.99-8.92] containing regimen compared to tenofovir. Conclusion Neuropsychiatric adverse drug events associated with efavirenz-based ART had both early and late onset in our clinical cohort of patients on chronic EFV therapy. Continuous neuropsychiatric assessment for improved detection and management of neuropsychiatric ADRs is recommended in resource-limited settings where the use of efavirenz-based regimens has been scaled up. ER  - 
Long-term safety and efficacy of dalfampridine for walking impairment in patients with multiple sclerosis: Results of open-label extensions of two Phase 3 clinical trials$$$ Background: In Phase 3 double-blind trials (MS-F203 and MS-F204), dalfampridine extended release tablets 10 mg twice daily (dalfampridine-ER; prolonged-release fampridine in Europe; fampridine modified or sustained release elsewhere) improved walking speed relative to placebo in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). Objectives: Evaluation of long-term safety and efficacy of dalfampridine-ER in open-label extensions (MS-F203EXT, MS-F204EXT). Methods: Patients received dalfampridine-ER 10 mg twice daily; and had Timed 25-Foot Walk (T25FW) assessments at 2, 14 and 26 weeks, and then every 6 months. Subjects were categorized as dalfampridine-ER responders or non-responders, based on their treatment response in the double-blind parent trials that assessed T25FW. Results: We had 269 patients enter MS-F203EXT and 154 patients complete it; for a maximum exposure of 5 years. We had 214 patients enter MS-F204EXT and 146 complete it; for a maximum exposure of 3.3 years. No new safety signals emerged and dalfampridine-ER tolerability was consistent with the double-blind phase. Improvements in walking speed were lost after dalfampridine-ER was discontinued in the parent trial, but returned by the 2-week assessment after re-initiation of the drug. Throughout the extensions, mean improvement in walking speed declined, but remained improved, among the double-blind responders as compared with non-responders. Conclusions: The dalfamipridine-ER safety profile was consistent with the parent trials. Although walking speed decreased over time, dalfampridine-ER responders continued to show improved walking speed, which was sustained compared with non-responders. ER  - 
Semiological and psychiatric characteristics of children with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: Gender-related differences$$$ Purpose To compare semiological characteristics, precipitating stress factors and psychiatric diagnoses of girls and boys with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs). Methods We retrospectively reviewed medical records of children diagnosed with PNES and who also underwent psychiatric evaluation. Sixty-two children (44 girls, 18 boys), aged 11-18 years (mean age 14.19 ± 1.96 years) were included. Diagnosis of PNES was established by any of the following: (1) observation of the seizure by a neurologist and routine EEG, (2) evaluation of amateur video records of the typical seizure and routine EEG, or (3) video-EEG monitoring. Psychiatric examinations of patients were performed using the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School Age Children-Present and Lifetime Version (KSADS-PL). Results Tremor was the most prevalent ictal motor sign in both girls and boys. Atonic falls and longer episodes were significantly more frequent in girls than boys. Tonic-clonic-like movements of the extremities were significantly more prevalent in boys than girls. No gender-specific differences were observed in the rates of semiological types. Academic underachievement was the most prevalent precipitating stressor for boys, and was significantly more prevalent in boys than girls. The rate of major depression was significantly higher in girls than boys. The most prominent diagnosis in boys was attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, and this was significantly more prevalent than in girls. Conclusion PNES in males of juvenile age may be a distinct entity from that in girls with different semiological and psychogenic correlates. Consideration of these gender-related differences may be beneficial for the early recognition and treatment of PNES. ER  - 
Association between benzodiazepine use and epilepsy occurrence: A nationwide population-based case-control study$$$ We conducted a retrospective case-control study to evaluate the association between the risk of benzodiazepine (BZD) use and epilepsy occurrence by using data from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database. We recruited 1065 participants who ages 20 years or older and newly diagnosed with epilepsy (International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification 345) between 2004 and 2011 and assigned them to the epilepsy group. We subsequently frequencymatched them with participants in a control group (n = 4260) according to sex, age, and index year at a 1:4 ratio. A logistic regression model was employed to calculate the odds ratio (OR) for association of epilepsy with BZD exposure. Multivariate logistic regression was conducted to estimate the dose-response relationship between BZD levels and epilepsy risk. The adjusted OR (aOR) for the association of epilepsy with BZD exposure was 2.02 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.68-2.42). The aOR for an average BZD dose increased to 1.26 for the participants on <0.01 defined daily dose (DDD), and increased to 4.32 for those on > 1.50 DDD. On average, when the DDD of BZD exposure increased by 100 units, the epilepsy risk increase by 1.03-fold (95% CI= 1.01-1.04, P = 0.003). The annual BZD exposure day ranges were significantly associated with epilepsy (2-7 days: AOR=1.67; 8-35 days: AOR = 3.16; and >35 days: AOR = 5.60). Whenever the annual BZD exposure increased by 30 days, the risk of epilepsy notably increased by 1.03-fold (95% CI= 1.01-1.04, P< 0.001). In addition, users who quit BZD for more than 6 months still exhibited a higher risk of epilepsy than did the non-BZD users. A considerable increase in epilepsy occurrence was observed in ones with BZD use, particularly in those with prolonged use, multiple exposure, and high-dose consumption. ER  - 
Screening of early and late onset Alzheimer’s disease genetic risk factors in a cohort of dementia patients from Liguria, Italy$$$ Cohorts from a defined geographical area enable ad hoc genotype-phenotype correlation studies providing novel and unique insight into disease. We analysed genetic risk factors associated with early and late onset Alzheimer’s disease (EOAD and LOAD) in a population from Liguria (northern Italy), as part of an ongoing longitudinal study. We screened 37 AD, 8 mild cognitive impairment (MCI), 3 AD and CVD (cerebrovascular disease), 3 MCI and CVD, 8 frontotemporal dementia (FTD) and 2 progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP) patients, and 28 normal controls (NCs). We sequenced PSEN1, PSEN2 and APP (EOAD risk factors), as well as MAPT, GRN and TARDBP for all cases and NCs, and analysed the APOE, CLU, CR1 and PICALM genotypes as well as the MAPT and ACE haplotypes (LOAD risk factors) for the AD (n = 37) and AD + MCI (n = 45) cases and NCs (n = 28). We identified variants in PSEN1, PSEN2 and TARDBP across a range of phenotypes (AD, AD and CVD, FTD and PSP), suggesting that screening of all known candidate genes of Alzheimer’s and non-Alzheimer’s forms of dementias in all dementia cases might be warranted. The analysis of the LOAD risk factors revealed no association with AD or AD + MCI status after Bonferroni correction. Lack of association with APOE is supported by previous studies in the Italian population. Our data also evidenced: 1) a potentially protective haplotype at the PSEN2 locus; 2) a nominal association with the GWAS-risk allele A for rs3818361 in CR1 and; 3) a threefold prevalenceof AD in the femalepopulation compared to men. Our results will need to be further assessed and confirmed in larger cohorts from this area. ER  - 
Increased use of prescription drugs reduces medical costs in medicaid populations$$$ We used data on more than 1.5 million Medicaid enrollees to examine the impact of changes in prescription drug use on medical costs. For three distinct groups of enrollees, we estimated the effects of aggregate prescription drug use-and, more specifically, the use of medications to treat eight chronic noncommunicable diseases-on total nondrug, inpatient, outpatient, and other Medicaid spending. We found that a 1 percent increase in overall prescription drug use was associated with decreases in total nondrug Medicaid costs by 0.108 percent for blind or disabled adults, 0.167 percent for other adults, and 0.041 percent for children. Reductions in combined inpatient and outpatient spending from increased drug utilization in Medicaid were similar to an estimate for Medicare by the Congressional Budget Office. Moving forward, policy makers evaluating proposed changes that alter medication use among the nearly seventy million Medicaid recipients should consider the net effects on program spending to ensure that scarce federal and state health care dollars are allocated efficiently. ER  - 
Stimulant toxicity in children: A retrospective study on 147 Patients$$$ Objective: To evaluate the signs/symptoms of different stimulant toxicities in children to determine differences among them. Design: Observational, retrospective, single-center case-series. Setting: The only referral hospital for pediatric poisoned patients in Tehran, Iran, covering 12.5 million permanent and 6.5 million temporary residents. Patients: All children between 2007 and 2012 were evaluated. Their clinical findings, laboratory tests, electrocardiogram, and outcome were evaluated. Interventions: None. Measurements and Main Results: A total of 147 patients were enrolled (115, 24, three, and five with methamphetamine, methylphenidate, ecstasy, and unknown stimulant toxicities, respectively). Median (interquartile range) age of the methamphetamine-intoxicated children (16 mo [22-42 mo]) was significantly less than those with methylphenidate toxicity (66 mo [33-105 mo]). Almost 79% of the patients had ingested the stimulant, whereas 9% had passively been exposed to the methamphetamine smoke. The frequency of stimulant toxicity had significantly increased during the 5-year period of the study. Restlessness, mydriasis, stereotypic movements, and talkativeness were the most common signs and symptoms. Whereas bruxism only seen in 66.7% (95% CI, 21-94%) of ecstasy users, the prevalence of restlessness, sweating, and tremor was also more in this group of children. On the other hand, mydriasis and stereotypic movements were more common in crystal-meth patients by 76.5% (95% CI, 68-83%) and 53% (95% CI, 44-62%), respectively. A comparison between different routes of crystal-meth intoxication showed that flushing was more common in those who had passively/ actively smoked/inhaled methamphetamine (odds ratio, 6.3 [95% CI, 1.5-26]). Palpitation was more seen in methylphenidate toxicity by 12.5% (95% CI, 4-31%). Restlessness was more detected in toddlers, whereas talkativeness and ataxia were more common in older children. Nineteen children (21%) had prolonged QTc according to normal values in different ages. None of them died. Conclusions: More studies are warranted to evaluate the frequency and outcome of this poisoning in children. Educational preventive programs are also recommended. ER  - 
Iatrogenic hypomagnesemia: An underestimated clinical problem$$$ Hypomagnesemia is defined by having a serum magnesium level of less than 1.7 mg/dL. The magnesium balance is tightly regulated by the concerted actions of the intestine, bone and kidneys. This balance can be disturbed by a wide variety of drugs. Recently, we observed a case of severe hypomagnesemia caused by proton pump inhibitor therapy. We conducted a retrospective study of an intrahospital population to evaluate the prevalence of hypomagnesemia and the relationship with associated drugs. Among 181 patients with hypomagnesemia only 29 were found to have hypomagnesemia with specific causes, such as chronic diarrhea, vomiting, and so on. In the remaining patients, 120 have taken proton pump inhibitors and/or diuretics and/or metformin. Clinicians should consider proton pump inhibitors as a possible causative agent when investigating hypomagnesemia and they should be especially attentive with patients who take proton pump inhibitors, especially in cases of long-term therapy (≥1 year) and/or concomitant administration of other agents that may lower magnesium levels (e.g., diuretics or metformin). ER  - 
The neurological face of celiac disease$$$ Background - Several neurological disorders have also been widely described in celiac disease patients. Objective - The aim of this study was to determine the incidence of accompanying different neurologic manifestations in children with celiac disease at the time of diagnosis and to discuss these manifestations in the light of the recent literature. Methods - This prospective cross sectional study included 297 children diagnosed with celiac disease. The medical records of all patients were reviewed. Results - In neurological evaluation, totally 40 (13.5%) of the 297 celiac patients had a neurological finding including headache, epilepsy, migraine, mental retardation, breath holding spells, ataxia, cerebral palsy, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, Down syndrome and Turner syndrome in order of frequency. There was not any significant difference between the laboratory data of the patients with and without neurological manifestations. However; type 3a biopsy was statistically significantly more common among patients without neurological manifestations, while type 3b biopsy was statistically significantly more common among patients with neu­rological manifestations. Conclusion - It is important to keep in mind that in clinical course of celiac disease different neurological manifestations may be reported. ER  - 
New-onset refractory status epilepticus$$$ Objectives: The aims of this study were to determine the etiology, clinical features, and predictors of outcome of new-onset refractory status epilepticus. Methods: Retrospective review of patients with refractory status epilepticus without etiology identified within 48 hours of admission between January 1, 2008, and December 31, 2013, in 13 academic medical centers. The primary outcome measure was poor functional outcome at discharge (defined as a score >3 on the modified Rankin Scale). Results: Of 130 cases, 67 (52%) remained cryptogenic. The most common identified etiologies were autoimmune (19%) and paraneoplastic (18%) encephalitis. Full data were available in 125 cases (62 cryptogenic). Poor outcome occurred in 77 of 125 cases (62%), and 28 (22%) died. Predictors of poor outcome included duration of status epilepticus, use of anesthetics, and medical complications. Among the 63 patients with available follow-up data (median 9 months), functional status improved in 36 (57%); 79% had good or fair outcome at last follow-up, but epilepsy developed in 37% with most survivors (92%) remaining on antiseizure medications. Immune therapies were used less frequently in cryptogenic cases, despite a comparable prevalence of inflammatory CSF changes. Conclusions: Autoimmune encephalitis is the most commonly identified cause of new-onset refractory status epilepticus, but half remain cryptogenic. Outcome at discharge is poor but improves during follow-up. Epilepsy develops in most cases. The role of anesthetics and immune therapies warrants further investigation. ER  - 
Effects of night-time use of rotigotine on nocturnal symptoms in Parkinson's disease$$$ Objectives. This open-label study assessed the efficacy and safety of exclusive night-time administration of transdermal rotigotine in patients with nocturnal and early morning PD symptoms. Methods. Patients with PD and nocturnal and early morning symptoms received transdermal rotigotine patches (2-16 mg/24 h) applied in the evening and removed in the morning for 3 months. Sleep disturbance was assessed with modified Parkinson's Disease Sleep Scale (PDSS-2). Other outcomes included a pain visual analogue scale (VAS) and short-form Parkinson's Disease Questionnaire (PDQ-8) for quality of life. Results. 74 patients completed treatment in this study. At the end of treatment, PDSS-2 total score had improved by mean 10.9 points from baseline (p < 0.001). All three PDSS-2 domain scores (sleep disturbances, nocturnal motor symptoms, and nocturnal symptoms) were also significantly improved by 41%, 56%, and 48%, respectively (p < 0.001). VAS-pain score decreased from 3.2 to 2.3 (p < 0.001). PDQ-8 score decreased from 23.8 to 18.1 (p < 0.001). The most frequently reported adverse events included nausea (9%), anxiety (4%), and dizziness (4%). Conclusions. Night-time administration of transdermal rotigotine is an effective and well tolerated treatment for nocturnal symptoms in patients with PD. ER  - 
Characterisation of mutations of the phosphoinositide-3-kinase regulatory subunit, PIK3R2, in perisylvian polymicrogyria: A next-generation sequencing study$$$ Background: Bilateral perisylvian polymicrogyria (BPP), the most common form of regional polymicrogyria, causes the congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome, featuring oromotor dysfunction, cognitive impairment, and epilepsy. The causes of BPP are heterogeneous, but only a few genetic causes have been reported. The aim of this study was to identify additional genetic causes of BPP and characterise their frequency in this population. Methods: Children (aged ≤18 years) with polymicrogyria were enrolled into our research programme from July, 1980, to October, 2015, at two centres (Florence, Italy, and Seattle, WA, USA). We obtained samples (blood and saliva) throughout this period at both centres and did whole-exome sequencing on DNA from eight trios (two parents and one affected child) with BPP in 2014. After the identification of mosaic PIK3R2 mutations in two of these eight children, we performed targeted screening of PIK3R2 by two methods in a cohort of 118 children with BPP. First, we performed targeted sequencing of the entire PIK3R2 gene by single molecule molecular inversion probes (smMIPs) on 38 patients with BPP with normal to large head size. Second, we did amplicon sequencing of the recurrent PIK3R2 mutation (Gly373Arg) in 80 children with various types of polymicrogyria including BPP. One additional patient had clinical whole-exome sequencing done independently, and was included in this study because of the phenotypic similarity to our cohort. Findings: We identified a mosaic mutation (Gly373Arg) in a regulatory subunit of the PI3K-AKT-mTOR pathway, PIK3R2, in two children with BPP. Of the 38 patients with BPP and normal to large head size who underwent targeted next-generation sequencing by smMIPs, we identified constitutional and mosaic PIK3R2 mutations in 17 additional children. In parallel, one patient had the recurrent PIK3R2 mutation identified by clinical whole-exome sequencing. Seven of these 20 patients had BPP alone, and 13 had BPP in association with features of the megalencephaly-polymicrogyria-polydactyly-hydrocephalus (MPPH) syndrome. 19 patients had the same mutation (Gly373Arg), and one had a nearby missense mutation (Lys376Glu). Mutations were constitutional in 12 patients and mosaic in eight patients. In patients with mosaic mutations, we noted substantial variation in alternate (mutant) allele levels, ranging from ten (3%) of 377 reads to 39 (37%) of 106 reads, equivalent to 5-73% of cells analysed. Levels of mosaicism varied from undetectable to 37 (17%) of 216 reads in blood-derived DNA compared with 2030 (29%) of 6889 reads to 275 (43%) of 634 reads in saliva-derived DNA. Interpretation: Constitutional and mosaic mutations in the PIK3R2 gene are associated with developmental brain disorders ranging from BPP with a normal head size to the MPPH syndrome. The phenotypic variability and low-level mosaicism, which challenge conventional molecular methods, have important implications for genetic testing and counselling. Funding: US National Institutes of Health. ER  - 
Long-term effectiveness of antiepileptic drug monotherapy in partial epileptic patients: A 7-year study in an epilepsy center in China$$$ Background: It is important to choose an appropriate antiepileptic drug (AED) to manage partial epilepsy. Traditional AEDs, such as carbamazepine (CBZ) and valproate (VPA), have been proven to have good therapeutic effects. However, in recent years, a variety of new AEDs have increasingly been used as first-line treatments for partial epilepsy. As the studies regarding the effectiveness of new drugs and comparisons between new AEDs and traditional AEDs are few, it is determined that these are areas in need of further research. Accordingly, this study investigated the long-term effectiveness of six AEDs used as monotherapy in patients with partial epilepsy. Methods: This is a retrospective, long-term observational study. Patients with partial epilepsy who received monotherapy with one of six AEDs, namely, CBZ, VPA, topiramate (TPM), oxcarbazepine (OXC), lamotrigine (LTG), or levetiracetam (LEV), were identified and followed up from May 2007 to October 2014, and time to first seizure after treatment, 12-month remission rate, retention rate, reasons for treatment discontinuation, and adverse effects were evaluated. Results: A total of 789 patients were enrolled. The median time of follow-up was 56.95 months. CBZ exhibited the best time to first seizure, with a median time to first seizure of 36.06 months (95% confidential interval: 30.64-44.07). CBZ exhibited the highest 12-month remission rate (85.55%), which was significantly higher than those of TPM (69.38%, P = 0.006), LTG (70.79%, P = 0.001), LEV (72.54%, P = 0.005), and VPA (73.33%, P = 0.002). CBZ, OXC, and LEV had the best retention rate, followed by LTG, TPM, and VPA. Overall, adverse effects occurred in 45.87% of patients, and the most common adverse effects were memory problems (8.09%), rashes (7.76%), abnormal hepatic function (6.24%), and drowsiness (6.24%). Conclusion: This study demonstrated that CBZ, OXC, and LEV are relatively effective in managing focal epilepsy as measured by time to first seizure, 12-month remission rate, and retention rate. ER  - 
Limbic encephalitis associated with anti-γ-aminobutyric acid b receptor antibodies: A case series from China$$$ Background: Autoimmune encephalitis associated with antibodies against γ-aminobutyric acid B receptor (GABA B R) in patients with limbic encephalitis (LE) was first described in 2010. We present a series of Han Chinese patients for further clinical refinement.Methods: Serum and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) samples from patients referred to the program of encephalitis and paraneoplastic syndrome of Peking Union Medical College Hospital were tested with indirect immunofluorescence. Clinical information of patients with anti-GABA B R antibody positivity was retrospectively reviewed, and descriptive statistical analysis was performed. Results: All eighteen anti-GABA B R antibody-positive cases had limbic syndromes, and electroencephalogram (EEG) or neuroimaging evidence fulfilled the diagnostic criteria of LE. Four patients had additional antibodies against Hu in serum and one had anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antibody in both sera and CSF. Seventeen (17/18) patients presented with new-onset refractory seizure or status epileptics. Twelve (12/18) patients had memory deficits, 11 (11/18) patients had personality change, 7 (7/18) patients had disturbance of consciousness, and 3 (3/18) patients showed cerebellar dysfunction. One patient with LE had progressive motor and sensory polyneuropathy. Lung cancer was detected in 6 (6/18) patients. Ten (10/18) patients showed abnormality in bilateral or unilateral mediotemporal region on magnetic resonance imaging. Ten (10/18) patients had temporal lobe epileptic activity with or without general slowing on EEG. Seventeen patients received immunotherapy and 15 of them showed neurological improvement. Four patients with lung cancer died within 1-12 months due to neoplastic complications. Conclusions: Our study demonstrates that most Han Chinese patients with anti-GABA B R antibody-associated LE have prominent refractory epilepsy and show neurological improvement on immunotherapy. Patients with underlying lung tumor have a relatively poor prognosis. Testing for anti-GABA B R antibodies is necessary for patients with possible LE or new-onset epilepsy with unknown etiology. ER  - 
Intravenous pegylated asparaginase versus intramuscular native Escherichia coli L-asparaginase in newly diagnosed childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (DFCI 05-001): A randomised, open-label phase 3 trial$$$ Background: L-asparaginase is a universal component of treatment for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, and is usually administered intramuscularly. Pegylated Escherichia coli asparaginase (PEG-asparaginase) has a longer half-life and is potentially less immunogenic than the native Escherichia coli (E coli) preparation, and can be more feasibly administered intravenously. The aim of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia Consortium Protocol 05-001 (DFCI 05-001) was to compare the relative toxicity and efficacy of intravenous PEG-asparaginase and intramuscular native E coli L-asparaginase in children with newly diagnosed acute lymphoblastic leukaemia. Methods: DFCI 05-001 enrolled patients aged 1-18 years with newly diagnosed acute lymphoblastic leukaemia from 11 consortium sites in the USA and Canada. Patients were assigned to an initial risk group on the basis of their baseline characteristics and then underwent 32 days of induction therapy. Those who achieved complete remission after induction therapy were assigned to a final risk group and were eligible to participate in a randomised comparison of intravenous PEG-asparaginase (15 doses of 2500 IU/m2 every 2 weeks) or intramuscular native E coli L-asparaginase (30 doses of 25 000 IU/m2 weekly), beginning at week 7 after study entry. Randomisation (1:1) was unmasked, and was done by a statistician-generated allocation sequence using a permuted blocks algorithm (block size of 4), stratified by final risk group. The primary endpoint of the randomised comparison was the overall frequency of asparaginase-related toxicities (defined as allergy, pancreatitis, and thrombotic or bleeding complications). Predefined secondary endpoints were disease-free survival, serum asparaginase activity, and quality of life during therapy as assessed by PedsQL surveys. All analyses were done by intention to treat. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00400946. Findings: Between April 22, 2005, and Feb 12, 2010, 551 eligible patients were enrolled. 526 patients achieved complete remission after induction, of whom 463 were randomly assigned to receive intramuscular native E coli L-asparaginase (n=231) or intravenous PEG-asparaginase (n=232). The two treatment groups did not differ significantly in the overall frequency of asparaginase-related toxicities (65 [28%] of 232 patients in the intravenous PEG-asparaginase group vs 59 [26%] of 231 patients in the intramuscular native E coli L-asparaginase group, p=0·60), or in the individual frequency of allergy (p=0·36), pancreatitis (p=0·55), or thrombotic or bleeding complications (p=0·26). Median follow-up was 6·0 years (IQR 5·0-7·1). 5-year disease-free survival was 90% (95% CI 86-94) for patients assigned to intravenous PEG-asparaginase and 89% (85-93) for those assigned to intramuscular native E coli L-asparaginase (p=0·58). The median nadir serum asparaginase activity was significantly higher in patients who received intravenous PEG-asparaginase than in those who received intramuscular native E coli L-asparaginase. Significantly more anxiety was reported by both patients and parent-proxy in the intramuscular native E coli L-asparaginase group than in the intravenous PEG-asparaginase group. Scores for other domains were similar between the groups. The most common grade 3 or worse adverse events were bacterial or fungal infections (47 [20%] of 232 in the intravenous PEG-asparaginase group vs 51 [22%] of 231 patients in the intramuscular E coli L-asparaginase group) and asparaginase-related allergic reactions (14 [6%] vs 6 [3%]). Interpretation: Intravenous PEG-asparaginase was not more toxic than, was similarly efficacious to, and was associated with decreased anxiety compared with intramuscular native E coli L-asparaginase, supporting its use as the front-line asparaginase preparation in children with newly diagnosed acute lymphoblastic leukaemia. Funding: National Cancer Institute and Enzon Pharmaceuticals. ER  - 
Malaria prevention, mefloquine neurotoxicity, neuropsychiatric illness, and risk-benefit analysis in the australian defence force$$$ The Australian Defence Force (ADF) has used mefloquine for malaria chemoprophylaxis since 1990. Mefloquine has been found to be a plausible cause of a chronic central nervous system toxicity syndrome and a confounding factor in the diagnosis of existing neuropsychiatric illnesses prevalent in the ADF such as posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. Overall health risks appear to have been mitigated by restricting the drug's use; however serious risks were realised when significant numbers of ADF personnel were subjected to clinical trials involving the drug. The full extent of the exposure, health impacts for affected individuals, and consequences for ADF health management including mental health are not yet known, but mefloquine may have caused or aggravated neuropsychiatric illness in large numbers of patients who were subsequently misdiagnosed and mistreated or otherwise failed to receive proper care. Findings in relation to chronic mefloquine neurotoxicity were foreseeable, but this eventuality appears not to have been considered during risk-benefit analyses. Thorough analysis by the ADF would have identified this long-term risk as well as other qualitative risk factors. Historical exposure of ADF personnel to mefloquine neurotoxicity now also necessitates ongoing risk monitoring and management in the overall context of broader health policies. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of levetiracetam and carbamazepine as monotherapy in partial seizures$$$ Introduction. Levetiracetam (LEV) is a newer antiepileptic drug with better pharmacokinetic profile. Currently, it is frequently used for the treatment of partial seizures. The present study was undertaken to compare the efficacy and safety of LEV and Carbamazepine (CBZ) in partial epilepsy. Methods. This was a prospective, open labeled, randomized study. It was conducted in participants suffering from partial seizures after the approval of ethics committee and written informed consent. The first group received Tab LEV (500 to 3000 mg/day) and the second group received Tab CBZ (300 to 600 mg/day). The primary outcomes were efficacy and safety. The secondary outcome was the Quality of Life (QOL). Efficacy was assessed by comparing the seizure freedom rates at the end of 6 months. Safety profile was evaluated by comparing the adverse effects. QOL was assessed by QOLIE-10 scale. Results. The overall seizure freedom rate at the end of 6 months was 71.42% in CBZ group compared to 78.57% in LEV group (p=0.2529). Both LEV and CBZ reported a similar incidence of adverse reactions. LEV group reported more behavioral changes like increased aggression and anxiety. Also, it showed better QOL compared to the CBZ group. Conclusion. LEV monotherapy and CBZ monotherapy demonstrated similar efficacy for treatment of partial epilepsy and were found to be well tolerated. ER  - 
Inequalities in physical comorbidity: A longitudinal comparative cohort study of people with severe mental illness in the UK$$$ Objectives: Little is known about the prevalence of comorbidity rates in people with severe mental illness (SMI) in UK primary care. We calculated the prevalence of SMI by UK country, English region and deprivation quintile, antipsychotic and antidepressant medication prescription rates for people with SMI, and prevalence rates of common comorbidities in people with SMI compared with people without SMI. Design: Retrospective cohort study from 2000 to 2012. Setting: 627 general practices contributing to the Clinical Practice Research Datalink, a UK primary care database. Participants: Each identified case (346 551) was matched for age, sex and general practice with 5 randomly selected control cases (1 732 755) with no diagnosis of SMI in each yearly time point. Outcome measures: Prevalence rates were calculated for 16 conditions. Results: SMI rates were highest in Scotland and in more deprived areas. Rates increased in England, Wales and Northern Ireland over time, with the largest increase in Northern Ireland (0.48% in 2000/2001 to 0.69% in 2011/2012). Annual prevalence rates of all conditions were higher in people with SMI compared with those without SMI. The discrepancy between the prevalence of those with and without SMI increased over time for most conditions. A greater increase in the mean number of additional conditions was observed in the SMI population over the study period (0.6 in 2000/ 2001 to 1.0 in 2011/2012) compared with those without SMI (0.5 in 2000/2001 to 0.6 in 2011/2012). For both groups, most conditions were more prevalent in more deprived areas, whereas for the SMI group conditions such as hypothyroidism, chronic kidney disease and cancer were more prevalent in more affluent areas. Conclusions: Our findings highlight the health inequalities faced by people with SMI. The provision of appropriate timely health prevention, promotion and monitoring activities to reduce these health inequalities are needed, especially in deprived areas. ER  - 
Postmarketing safety profile of subcutaneous interferon beta-1a given 3 times weekly: A retrospective administrative claims analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Health insurance administrative claims databases represent a valuable source of information regarding the safety profile of marketed products as used in actual clinical practice in a broader range of patients than that assessed in clinical trials. Interferon beta-1a administered subcutaneously 3 times weekly (IFN ß-1a SC tiw), which was approved in 2002 by the FDA for the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS), has over a decade of postmarketing experience. To date, however, its postmarketing safety profile has not been described using a real-world evidence source such as administrative claims data. OBJECTIVE: To describe the safety profile of IFN ß-1a SC tiw as presented in its U.S. prescribing information (PI) for patients with MS initiating IFN ß-1a SC tiw therapy using data from U.S. health care administrative claims databases. METHODS: This study featured an observational and retrospective &quot;new start&quot; cohort design using data from the Truven MarketScan Commercial and Medicare Supplemental health care administrative claims databases. Patients were eligible for inclusion if they were aged = 18 years; had = 1 diagnosis for MS recorded between January 1, 2006, and December 31, 2012; had = 2 prescriptions for IFN ß-1a SC tiw; and had = 90 days of continuous eligibility pre-index date and = 180 days of continuous eligibility post-index date. Patients with a prescription for IFN ß-1a SC tiw without a MS diagnosis were excluded. Patients were followed from first prescription for IFN ß-1a SC tiw (index date) until date of therapy switch or discontinuation, end of insurance eligibility, or end of observation period. Adverse events (AEs) examined were those listed in the Warnings and Precautions, Adverse Reactions, and Postmarketing Experience sections of the 2014 U.S. PI. Outcomes of interest were identified at the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (version 17.1) Preferred Term level and then coded to the corresponding ICD-9-CM criteria. Descriptive analyses of patient demographic, health status, health care utilization, and adherence status were performed, and incidence rates (IRs) per 100 person-years of labeled AEs with corresponding 95[%] CIs were calculated. The IR calculation was based on events that presented after therapy initiation and that were not present in the 90-day pre-index period. RESULTS: The top 6 AEs included influenza-like symptoms (IR = 15.65, 95[%] CI = 14.96-16.36); malaise (IR = 15.33, 95[%] CI = 14.65-16.04; fatigue (IR = 15.02, 95[%] CI = 14.35-15.72); abdominal pain (IR = 10.18, 95[%] CI = 9.67-10.70); chest pain (IR = 8.48, 95[%] CI = 8.03-8.95); and depression (IR = 7.75, 95[%] CI = 7.32-8.20). In contrast, the 6 lowest IRs were for maculo-papular rash (IR = 0.01, 95[%] CI = 0.00-0.04; injection-site necrosis (IR = 0.01, 95[%] CI = 0.00-0.03); erythema multiforme (IR = 0.01, 95[%] CI = 0.00-0.04); hypoesthesia (IR = 0.00, 95[%] CI = 0.00-0.02); Stevens- Johnson Syndrome (IR = 0.00, 95[%] CI = 0.00-0.02); and xerophthalmia (IR = 0.00, 95[%] CI = 0.00-0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Study results show strong convergence between the realworld safety profile of IFN ß-1a SC tiw and its U.S. label. Our findings demonstrate the value of using real-world evidence obtained from administrative claims to complement clinical trial and postmarketing surveillance data in order to characterize the safety profile of established products, such as IFN ß-1a SC tiw, in the postmarketing context. ER  - 
A detailed analysis of intracerebral hemorrhages in DBS surgeries$$$ Objectives Deep brain stimulation is nowadays a frequently performed surgery in patients with movement disorders, intractable epilepsy, and severe psychiatric disorders. The most feared complication of this surgery is an intracerebral hemorrhage due to the electrode placement, either for intraoperative electrophysiology (microelectrode recording) and/or implantation of the final electrode (macroelectrode). Here, we have investigated the risk of developing an intracerebral hemorrhage in our cohort of deep brain stimulation patients over a period of 15 years. Patients and methods We have collected demographic data and analyzed the effect of performing surgery with single-electrode versus multiple electrode guided DBS. The effect of using single-dose versus double-dose contrast enhanced MRI to visualize vessels for the electrode trajectory planning has been investigated as well. Results We have found that the overall calculated risk of an intracerebral hemorrhage in our series was 1.81% per patient, 0.3% per recording electrode and 0.23% per brain insertion. While three out of four patients recovered without neurological deficits, there was one mortality in a patient with cardiovascular comorbidities. Statistical comparisons between the groups of single-electrode versus multiple electrode guided surgery and single-dose gadolinium versus double-dose contrast enhanced MRI revealed no significant differences. In addition, there was no meaningful correlation between the age at surgery and the risk of bleeding. Conclusion We have found that the risk of developing an intracerebral hemorrhage due to deep brain stimulation surgery is low. The clinical course of the patients with an intracerebral hemorrhage was generally favorable. ER  - 
Cerebral paragonimiasis: A retrospective analysis of 27 cases$$$ Object The authors retrospectively analyzed the clinical characteristics, existing problems, and treatment experiences in recently diagnosed cerebral paragonimiasis (CP) cases and sought to raise awareness of CP and to supply reference data for early diagnosis and treatment. Method s Twenty-seven patients (22 male and 5 female; median age 20.3 years, range 4-47 years) with CP were diagnosed between September 2008 and September 2013. These diagnoses were confirmed by IgG enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. Follow-up was performed in 24 cases for a period of 6-56 months. Results Cerebral paragonimiasis accounted for 21.6% of paragonimiasis cases (27 of 125). The average duration from onset to praziquantel treatment was 69 days. All patients resided in rural areas. Twenty patients had positive lung results, which included visible lung lesions in 14 cases. The lesions were surgically removed in 8 of these cases. Twentyfour patients had high eosinophil counts (≥ 0.08 × 109/L), and eosinophilic meningitis was noted in 17 cases. The rate of misdiagnosis and missed diagnosis was 30.4%. Most symptoms were markedly improved after treatment, but mild movement disorders combined with impaired memory and personality changes remained in a small number of patients. Conclusions Clinicians should be alert to the possibility of CP in young patients (4-16 years) with the primary symptoms of epilepsy and hemorrhage. Early diagnosis and timely treatment can reduce the need for surgery and further impairments to brain function. Liquid-based cytological examination of CSF and peripheral blood eosinophil counts can aid in differentiating CP from similar lesions. ER  - 
Spectrum of accidental paediatric poisoning at a tertiary care centre in south India$$$ Objective: To see the clinical spectrum and outcome of accidental childhood poisoning cases admitted to Kamineni Hospital, a tertiary care Teaching Institute in Telangana region of south India, including the incidence, types of substances ingested, the age of the children involved, and the clinical outcomes. Design and Methods: A retrospective review of the charts of all admitted patients, less than 18 years old presented at Paediatric emergency room for acute accidental poisoning between January 2010 to December 2013. Results: 69 patients presented to the paediatric emergency room with definite history of poisoning during the study period. The majority of our patients (34.78%) were in the <5 year age group. Males (68.12%) outnumbered females (31.88%). Kerosene (46.38%), insecticides (24.64%) and Plant Poison (8.70%) were the agents most frequently implicated. All cases were accidental in nature. Nineteen patients (27.54%) were asymptomatic after 6 hr of observation in the emergency paediatric room; 29 patients (42.03%) developed symptoms related to toxic ingestion. The common serious symptoms included altered sensorium, respiratory distress, seizures, ataxia, hypotension, cyanosis and burns. Conclusion: Poisoning is most common in 0-5 year’s age group as far as accidental paediatric poisoning is concerned; also it is more frequent in males. Kerosene poisoning is the most frequently reported household poisoning. There is a need to establish regional toxicological centers and poison information centers which can help guide hospitals in the quick identification of poisons and provide guidelines for treatment. There is also a need to initiate public awareness campaigns to attempt to decrease morbidity and mortality from this eminently preventable problem. ER  - 
Focused use of drug screening in overdose patients increases impact on management$$$ Drug poisoning is a common cause for attendance in the emergency department. Several toxicology centres suggest performing urinary drug screens, even though they rarely influence patient management. STUDY OBJECTIVES: Measuring the impact on patient management, in a University Emergency Department with approximately 40 000 admissions annually, of a rapid urinary drug screening test using specifically focused indications. Drug screening was restricted to patients having a first psychotic episode or cases demonstrating respiratory failure, coma, seizures, a sympathomimetic toxidrome, severe opiate overdose necessitating naloxone, hypotension, ventricular arrhythmia, acquired long QT or QRS >100 ms, and high-degree heart block. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of Triage® TOX drug screen tests performed between September 2009 and November 2011, and between January 2013 and March 2014. RESULTS: A total of 262 patients were included, mean age 35 ± 14.6 (standard deviation) years, 63% men; 29% poisoning with alcohol, and 2.3% deaths. Indications for testing were as follows: 34% were first psychotic episodes; 20% had acute respiratory failure; 16% coma; 8% seizures; 8% sympathomimetic toxidromes; 7% severe opioid toxidromes; 4% hypotension; 3% ventricular arrhythmias or acquired long QT intervals on electrocardiogram. A total of 78% of the tests were positive (median two substances, maximum five). The test resulted in drug-specific therapy in 6.1%, drug specific diagnostic tests in 13.3 %, prolonged monitoring in 10.7% of methadone-positive tests, and psychiatric admission in 4.2%. Overall, 34.3% tests influenced patient management. CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to previous studies showing modest effects of toxicological testing, restricted use of rapid urinary drug testing increases the impact on management of suspected overdose patients in the ED. ER  - 
Long-term safety and efficacy of dalfampridine for walking impairment in patients with multiple sclerosis: Results of open-label extensions of two Phase 3 clinical trials$$$ Background: In Phase 3 double-blind trials (MS-F203 and MS-F204), dalfampridine extended release tablets 10 mg twice daily (dalfampridine-ER; prolonged-release fampridine in Europe; fampridine modified or sustained release elsewhere) improved walking speed relative to placebo in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). Objectives: Evaluation of long-term safety and efficacy of dalfampridine-ER in open-label extensions (MS-F203EXT, MS-F204EXT). Methods: Patients received dalfampridine-ER 10 mg twice daily; and had Timed 25-Foot Walk (T25FW) assessments at 2, 14 and 26 weeks, and then every 6 months. Subjects were categorized as dalfampridine-ER responders or non-responders, based on their treatment response in the double-blind parent trials that assessed T25FW. Results: We had 269 patients enter MS-F203EXT and 154 patients complete it; for a maximum exposure of 5 years. We had 214 patients enter MS-F204EXT and 146 complete it; for a maximum exposure of 3.3 years. No new safety signals emerged and dalfampridine-ER tolerability was consistent with the doubleblind phase. Improvements in walking speed were lost after dalfampridine-ER was discontinued in the parent trial, but returned by the 2-week assessment after re-initiation of the drug. Throughout the extensions, mean improvement in walking speed declined, but remained improved, among the double-blind responders as compared with non-responders. Conclusions: The dalfamipridine-ER safety profile was consistent with the parent trials. Although walking speed decreased over time, dalfampridine-ER responders continued to show improved walking speed, which was sustained compared with non-responders. ER  - 
Cross section comparative study for comorbid migraine and major depression in epileptic patients: Demographic, clinical, electroencahpalograhy and therapeutic implications$$$ Background: Overlapping relationships among migraine, epilepsy and major depression have been identified in both cross-sectional case-control and prospective studies. Clinical and neurophysiological examination of such comorbidity can illuminate shared pathophysiology, and can have profound implications for diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment. Methods: During the period of January 2013 through July 2013, 87 cases were diagnosed as epilepsy in remission according to International League Against Epilepsy criteria. Migraine diagnosis was made according to the current International Classification of Headache Disorders-II. EEG and brain MRI were done to confirm the clinical diagnosis and physiological correlates. Diagnosis of depression was based on detailed clinical and psychiatric assessment according to the DSM IV using SCID 1 and Hamilton depression scale for assessment of severity. Results: A history of migraine was present in 19 (21.83%), while major depression was present in 36(41.37%) of 87 epileptic patients. Comorbidity of migraine and major depression was significantly evident in younger age group (p = 0.000) and females (p = 0.01). Electroencephalography showed significantly more central and temporal epileptic discharge in patients with comorbid migraine and frontotemporal focal discharge in patients with major depression (p = 0.014). Migraine onset was more likely to have occurred 1-3 years after epilepsy was diagnosed in (36.84%) of comorbid cases. Conclusion: It is important to address comorbidity in treating patients with epilepsy. The diagnosis of atypical migraine symptoms can be quite difficult, in such cases EEG may be useful. Some antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) like divalproex sodium (valproate) and topiramate are effective in preventing migraine attacks, while others including phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, vigabatrin and clonazepam, are not effective in migraine prophylaxis. The antiepileptic drugs most closely associated with depression on initiation of treatment are vigabatrin, phenobarbitone, and topiramate.Further research on the nature and causes of the co-morbidity remains needed. ER  - 
2014 NEI Psychopharmacology Congress$$$ The proceedings contain 52 papers. The topics discussed include: targeted treatment for depression: evaluation of current clinical practices; hyponatremia secondary to sodium valproate: an uncommon drug to produce SIADH-like syndrome: a case report and review of literature; genesight psychotropic decreases medication costs in a large, prospective case-control project; pharmacogenetic testing shows utility for psychiatric patients; psychosis and seizure disorder: challenges in diagnoses and treatment; a study of methylphenidate extended-release capsules in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled protocol in children and adolescents with ADHD; time course of response to methylphenidate extended-release capsules in children with ADHD: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study; original research: effects of quetiapine on sleep architecture and parameters; the lack of a team model in psychiatry: an evaluation of collaborative nurse practitioner and physician teams; early sustained response with lurasidone in the treatment of bipolar i depression; exposure-response model of lurasidone in patients with bipolar depression; short- and longer-term treatment with lurasidone in patients with bipolar i depression: effect on metabolic syndrome; and efficacy and safety of treatment with lurasidone adjunctive with lithium or valproate in bipolar I depression: results of two 6-week studies. ER  - 
Hyperammonemia caused by valproate$$$ This common side effect needs more attention; Introduction: The elevations in ammonia concentrations with normal hepatic function has been described in 16%-52% of patients receiving valproate (VPA) therapy. Unfortunately, to our knowledge, this has attracted little clinical and scientific interest. This is despite the fact that it is common, has potential to cause encephalopathy, known as Valproate-induced hyperam-monemic encephalopathy (VHE) and further, animal models of chronic hyperammonemia shows impair-ment in motor and cognitive functions. However, hyperammonemia is not routinely monitored and there are no guidelines on testing or managing it. Over the course of last two years, we have encountered several patients on our inpatient unit with hyperammo-nemia and VHE. Here, we present one of the selected case to raise the awareness regarding the risks in psychiatric patient. CASE REPORT: A 59-year-old female was admitted to the mental health unit for depression. She was receiving benzodiazepines and had a history of opiate depen-dence and COPD prior to admission. On admission, the following medication were started, duloxetine and quetia-pine for mood disorder, phenobarbital in tapering dosage for benzodiazepine detoxification and buprenorphine/naloxone for chronic pain. VPA 500 mg QHS was added for mood stabilization on hospital day four. Onday six, she became confused and disoriented. The relevant laboratory test results included therapeutic VPA level, 45.7 mcg/ml; normal level of ALT; elevated ammonia level, 61 (normal range 11-32 μ mol/L). EEG showed waveforms suggestive of metabolic encephalopathy. VPA was discontinued and lactulose was added to lower absorption of ammonia from the gut. Over the next 4 days the serum ammonia level decreased to normal range and she improved clinically. DISCUSSION: Thus, physician should have a high threshold in measuring serum ammonia when a patient receiving VPA develops vomiting, increased seizure frequency, and impaired consciousness. Finally, it is important to remember that VPA concentrations may be in the therapeutic range, with normal liver function tests. Treatment for VHE consists of ceasing VPA and providing supportive care. Why certain patients develop VHE and others do not, is not clear. Though, as VHE typically presents acutely, the magnitude of the increase in ammonia concentration could be causal factor. We hypothesize that in this case the combined use of VPA and phenobarbital might have led to rapid increase in serum ammonia. The combina-tion of VPA with other antiepileptic drug (AED), especially phenobarbital and phenytoin, has been reported as a risk factors. The presentation underscores the importance of geting a baseline and routine monitoring of ammonia especially when initiating VPA, it's even more important when combining VPA with other AED. Also, routine monitoring would encourage studies on the deleterious effects of chronic hyperammonemia, as demonstrated in the animal models. ER  - 
Long-term follow-up of patients with central precocious puberty due to hypothalamic hamartoma: Anthropometric, metabolic, reproductive and neuropsychological outcomes$$$ Background: Hypothalamic hamartoma (HH) is the most common organic cause of central precocious puberty (CPP) in both sexes and long-acting GnRH analogs (GnRH-a) represent the first-line therapy for CPP. Data from long-term follow-up of these patients after discontinuation of GnRH-a therapy and in adulthood are scarce. Aims: To describe the anthropometric, metabolic, reproductive and neuropsychological parameters of patients with CPP due to HH treated with GnRH-a in the adult life. Patients and Methods: We performed a retrospective and cross-sectional analysis of 10 patients (6 males) with CPP due to HH treated with long-acting GnRH-a followed until final height (FH). One patient had a severe local reaction to GnRH-a with failure of hormonal suppression and progression of pubertal signs and was withdrawn from the analysis. Results: The mean duration of GnRH-a treatment was 8 years (ranging from 3.3 to 10 yr) in both sexes. The male group was evaluated at mean chronological age of 22.2 ± 2.1 yr and the female group at 24.5 ± 4.2 yr. All patients reached their final height (FH) within target height range (TH) and the mean D SDS FH minus SDS TH were 0.5 ± 1.2 for males, and 0.6 ± 0.6 for females. The mean body mass index (BMI) was 20.2 ± 1.1 kg/m2 for males and 29 ± 5.4 kg/m2 for females (p < 0.05). Three out of 4 female patients were either overweight (n=2) or obese (n=1). Bioelectrical impedance analysis was measured only in 3 female and 1 male patients. The mean percentual of body fat mass for women was 36.8 ± 0.75% (NR18-28) and low for male, 3.4% (NR 10-20). One female patient had hypercholesterolemia with high LDL levels. Paternity was informed by one male patient. All women had regular menstrual cycles with gonadotropins and sexual steroids within normal adult range and normal pelvic ultrasound with no clinical or laboratorial evidence of hyperandrogenism. Epilepsy was present in only 2 male patients who are under anticonvulsivant therapy. Seven out of the 9 patients underwent cognitive evaluation. Six patients without seizures had intelligent quocient (IQ) scores ranging from low average to high. One patient with epilepsy had borderline IQ score. The other patient with epilepsy was unable to complete cognitive evaluation due to social phobia. Finally, the patient with local reaction to GnRH-a was treated with cyproterone acetate and achieved FH below TH and the follow-up was lost. Conclusions: Long-actingGnRHa was effective for treatment of CPP due to HH. Long-term follow-up of these patients revealed high prevalence of overweight/obesity in female patients. In addition, metabolic alterations were rare, reproductive abnormalities were absent and epilepsy was infrequent in this cohort. ER  - 
A case of steroid-resistant and IVIG-responsive relapsing Hashimoto' S encephalopathy$$$ Background Hashimoto's Encephalopathy, an autoimmune, rare and underdiagnosed encephalitis, is steroid responsive and associated with autoimmune thyroiditis. It has a relapsing and remitting course, characterized by stroke like symptoms, seizures and slow progressive cognitive decline. Diagnosis is based on elevated levels of anti-thyroid peroxidase antibodies and exclusion of infectious, toxic and metabolic etiologies. We report a case of relapsing Hashimoto's encephalopathy while being maintained on oral steroids. Clinical Case A 46 year old Caucasian male with history of seizure disorder, hypothyroidism and Hashimoto's encephalopathy presented with postural instability, confusion, jerky movements of extremities and episodes of psychosis described as auditory hallucination. He was maintained on tapered oral prednisone for Hashimoto's encephalopathy, initially diagnosed through CSF examination and elevated TPO antibodies. He was also on levothyroxine for hypothyroidism and levetiracetam for seizure prevention. On work-up, the patient was noted to have elevated thyroid peroxidase antibody at 945 IU/ml (0-60 IU/ml) and thyroglobulin antibody at 758 IU/ml (0-60 IU/ml), normal TSH at 3.7 uIU/ml (0.358-3.740 uIU/ml), free T3 at 2.8 pg/ml (2.2-4.0 pg/ml), free T4 at 0.86 ng/dl (0.76-1.46 ng/dl). CSF analysis did not show any signs of infection, based on cultures and cell count. The CSF protein was elevated at 132 mg/dL (15-45 mg/dL), without pleocytosis. The 24 hour screen for heavy metals was negative. Neuroendocrine syndrome and other paraneoplastic encephalopathies were ruled out, with normal levels of urine catecholamines, metanephrines and 5-HIAA, serum immunoglobulin A and glutamyl decarboxylase, voltage-gated calcium, anti-Ma1, anti-Ma2, VGKC and neuronal nuclear antibodies. No epileptiform discharges were recorded on electroencephalogram. CT of the head and MRI of the brain did not show any acute intracranial abnormalities. Given the clinical and laboratory findings, the patient was treated for relapsing Hashimoto's encephalopathy with intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) for five days. There was notable improvement in the mental status, gait and balance during the course of treatment. The patient was discharged with improved neurological function. Conclusion Hashimoto's Encephalopathy typically responds to steroids. Many patients remain disease free after discontinuation of steroids but patients who relapse require either additional course, continuous treatment with steroids or immunomodulatory therapy to maintain remission. Although steroid therapy provides a favorable long- term prognosis, immunoglobulin therapy should be considered as an alternative treatment approach or rescue therapy, as it has been reported to be effective, safe and convenient in established cases of steroid-resistant Hashimoto's encephalopathy. ER  - 
The assay matters: Detecting hypoglycemia induced by insulin analogs$$$ Introduction: Surreptitious insulin use remains an important, and often overlooked, cause of hypoglycemia. This can easily be distinguished from other causes of hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia by the suppression of C-peptide and proinsulin with concomitant elevation of insulin. However if insulin levels are not accurately detected, the diagnosis can be missed. Clinical Cases: We discuss three patients who presented with new onset hypoglycemia. The first, a 48-year-old woman with a history of bipolar disorder and prior hospitalizations for suicidal ideation, experienced several episodes of weakness and altered mental status with blood glucose around 40 mg/dL. She was eventually admitted to the hospital for a 72 hour fast, which was normal. Insulin, C-peptide, and proinsulin levels were all appropriately suppressed, ketones were elevated, and glucagon did not induce a significant rise in glucose after the fast. Cortisol level was normal and insulin secretagogues screen was negative. The second case is a 42-year-old woman with Type 1 diabetes on an insulin aspart pump. She continued to experience hypoglycemia almost every morning despite disconnecting her insulin pump overnight. Her hypoglycemia was so severe that she had loss of consciousness and seizures. She underwent a 72 hour fast, which again did not reveal any evidence of endogenous hyperinsulinemia. The third case is a previously healthy 46-year-old woman who suffered from multiple episodes of hypoglycemia with loss of consciousness and convulsions, leading to recurrent hospitalizations. She experienced hypoglycemia during a 72-hour fast and was found to have a low insulin, C-peptide, and proinsulin. In all three cases, initial measurement of insulin concentrations at the time of hypoglycemia had been performed using the Roche electrochemiluminescence insulin assay. Due to suspicion for surreptitious insulin use, serum obtained at the time of hypoglycemia was retested using the Beckman chemiluminescence assay, which uses different monoclonal antibodies that are able to detect insulin analogs in addition to human insulin. With the second assay, high levels of insulin were measured, consistent with exogenous use. The surreptitious administration of synthetic insulin analogs was not detected by the initial insulin assay. Conclusion: In each of these cases, the diagnosis of factitious hypoglycemia was delayed due to the use of a more specific insulin assay. As insulin analogs are prescribed with increasing frequency, these cases highlight the need for providers to be aware of the insulin assay used and when an assay with higher sensitivity is indicated to evaluate hypoglycemia, particularly in cases where surreptitious insulin use is suspected. ER  - 
EUS-guided ethanol ablation as a treatment option for insulinoma$$$ Introduction: Insulinomas are uncommon with a reported incidence of 0.4 per 100,000 person-years. 7.6% are associated with MEN1 and 5.8% are malignant. For benign insulinoma, treatment of choice is surgical resection, which is curative and results in normal long-term survival(1).For non-surgical candidates, therapeutic options are limited. Several medications are available to decrease hypoglycemia; however, they are not curative, have side effects and are less effective than tumor removal(2). Ethanol ablation has been used for renal cysts, hepatic cysts, and liver and adrenal tumors. It causes cell death by lysing cell membranes, causing protein denaturation, and vascular occlusion. It is cost effective, readily available, and works rapidly(3).A handful of case studies describe endoscopic ultrasound-guided ethanol ablation for insulinoma as a safe and effective treatment modality for patients who refuse or are ineligible for surgery. Case: A 56 year old man, with a history of liver cirrhosis secondary to hepatitis C and alcoholism, presented with increasing falls and unsteadiness for 1 week, and possible seizure activity. Workup revealed a plasma glucose of 37 mg/dL. During a 48-hour supervised fast a plasma glucose of 47 mg/dL was obtained with a corresponding serum insulin level of 36.3 micro IU/mL, C-peptide level of 6.6 ng/mL, and a pro-insulin level of 420 pmol/L. A sulfonylurea screen was negative. CT of the abdomen revealed a 1.1cm mass in the head of the pancreas. Endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) confirmed a well-circumscribed 1.3 cm hypoechoic mass in the head of the pancreas. Extensive varices were noted. The mass did not appear to invade vasculature or compress the common bile duct or main pancreatic duct. A Whipple's procedure was discussed, but he was considered a poor surgical candidate given the history of cirrhosis with portal hypertension. Following treatment with intravenous 10% dextrose, EUS-guided alcohol ablation was performed using a 22 gauge needle to inject 1.5 mL of dehydrated ethanol. The patient tolerated the procedure well without complications. Results: 24 hours following ablation, IV dextrose was stopped without further hypoglycemia. At 6 month outpatient follow-up he remained free of hypoglycemia, corroborated by glucometer data. Discussion: Surgical resection is the standard treatment for insulinoma. For poor surgical candidates, EUS-guided ethanol ablation may be an option. There are few case reports studying ethanol ablation in insulinoma and no long term or case control studies. The optimal techniques, number of treatments and ethanol dose have not been established. Conclusion: EUS-guided alcohol ablation is a promising and effective treatment for insulinoma in non-surgical candidates. Further research is needed to establish optimal treatment protocols and long term outcomes. ER  - 
A case of syndrome of inappropriate antidiruetic hormone caused by a single dose of venlafaxine$$$ Objective: To describe a patient with SIADH caused by a single dose of venlafaxine. Methods: We present clinical, laboratory and pathological findings of patient with SIADH presumed to be caused by a single dose of venlafaxine. We also review the mechanism of action by which venlafaxine may cause SIADH, as well as factors which may predispose patients to developing the same. Results: A 55 year old Caucasian male presented with nausea and vomiting of three day duration along with altered mental status. Upon presentation, he denied any abdominal pain, fever, diarrhea, or other signs of infection. Initial laboratory findings showed a serum sodium of 112 mEq/L (reference range 135-145 mEq/L), serum osmolality of 232 mOsm/kg (reference range 275-295 mOsm/kg), urine osmolality of 703 mOsm/kg (reference range 250-1200 mOsm/kg), and a urine sodium of 55 mEq/L (reference range >20 mEq/L). A CT of the head showed no abnormalities, and the patient had no prior history of renal or hepatic dysfunction, congestive heart failure, hyponatremia, or seizure disorder. Within few hours of admission, the patient developed generalized tonic clonic seizures, and a repeat serum sodium was 117 mEq/L. Further investigation was conducted to identify the cause of the hyponatremia, which included a TSH of 1.020 mIU/L (reference range 0.358-3.740 mIU/L) and a morning serum cortisol of 12 mcg/dL (reference range 7-28 mcg/dL). On further questioning, the patient admitted to taking a single dose of venlafaxine 37.5 mg three days prior to admission. He stated that he had used citalopram in the past without any complications, but had stopped taking this four years prior to presentation following improvement in his depressive symptoms. Based on the above findings, the diagnosis of venlafaxine-induced SIADH was made. Venlafaxine was discontinued, and the patient was treated with conivaptan and hypertonic saline. The patient's serum sodium and mental status subsequently improved with no further seizure activity. Conclusion: Venlafaxine is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) that has been implicated in causing SIADH, but to our knowledge no cases have been reported following a single dose. The mechanism by which SNRIs cause SIADH is thought to be related to either an increased release of ADH or an enhancement of its physiologic action. This is an interesting case of SIADH thought to be induced by a single dose of venlafaxine. It is important to consider medications, specifically antidepressants, as an important cause for SIADH when other causes are ruled out. Early discontinuation of the offending agent is warranted to prevent life-threatening complications of hyponatremia. ER  - 
The effect of biotin on human ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency diagnosed in late adulthood$$$ Background: Hyperammonemia is a prognostic factor in ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency (OTCD), often resulting in severe and long term neurological impairment. Biotin deficiency has been shown to cause hyperammonemia (OTCD) in rats and yeast. We present a case of misdiagnosed OTCD with amelioration in ammonia levels and neuropsychiatric condition following biotin supplementation. Clinical case: Our patient is a 48 year old man with a long history of psychiatric disorder who was brought in by ambulance to the emergency department from a nursing home on account of altered mental status, resulting in abusive behavior and visual hallucinations. Physical examination showed mild icterus, and impaired vision. He was being managed for dementia, seizure disorder, bipolar disorder, schizoaffective disorder and catatonia. He also has benign prostatic hypertrophy, T2DM, and hypertension on treatment. Further investigation revealed hyperammonemia by spectrophotometry (120mg/dl, reference range 12 - 47mg/dl) with normal routine liver function tests, raising the suspicion of a urea cycle disorder. Allopurinol challenge test was positive. Treatment was instituted with low protein diet, l-arginine, citrulline, lactulose, rifaximin and the nitrogen scavenger, sodium phenylacetate. However, his plasma ammonia level fluctuated between 120mg/dl and 226mg/dl. Biotin 800 mcg daily was introduced, which was associated with a fall in the level of ammonia to 69mg/dl with a remarkable improvement of the patient's neuropsychiatric condition. Subsequently, the patient was discharged to a rehabilitation center. Conclusions: OTCD is a rare inborn error of metabolism of the urea cycle. Improper diagnosis can result in late presentation cum long term neuropsychiatric sequelae. Biotin therapy may be effective in reducing hyperammonemia while improving neuropsychiatric derangement. This is the first reported use of biotin supplementation in human OTCD. Randomized clinical trials are needed to confirm the effects of biotin in OTCD. ER  - 
Psychosis in epilepsy: Role of antiepileptic drugs$$$ Background: There are no agreed definitions or diagnosis criteria for antiepileptic drug induced psychotic disorder (AIPD) in the classification systems of either epileptology or psychiatry. In this study we investigated the clinical spectrum of AIPD in patients with epilepsy who presented with psychotic symptoms. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of all patients with epilepsy who were diagnosed by a neuropsychiatrist as having psychotic disorders in the Department of Neurology at the Royal Melbourne Hospital from January 1993 to June 2015. We retrieved the data of epilepsy/treatment related predictors, psychotic symptoms profile and outcome. Diagnosis of epilepsy was established in accordance to the classification system of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) while that of psychotic disorder was made up according to both DSM-5 and the proposal on neuropsychiatric disorders in epilepsy by ILAE. Patients with AIPD were compared to those with psychotic disorders unrelated to antiepileptic drugs assessed over the same period (control group). Univariate comparisons were performed and variables with a value of P < 0.1 were selected for the multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results: We evaluated 2,630 in-patients and out-patients with epilepsy and identified 98 (3.7%) with psychotic disorders. Among these 98 patients, 14 (14.3%) were diagnosed to have AIPD. 71.4% in the AIPD group were female compared with 41.7% in the nondrug induced psychosis group (P < 0.05). The percentage of temporal lobe epilepsy was higher in AIPD group (71.4% vs. 38.1%, P < 0.05). AIPD group had been treated with more previous AEDs before the index episode of psychosis, compared to the control (3.4 ± 2.0 vs. 2.4 ± 1.8, P < 0.05). Current use of levetiracetam was higher in AIPD group (78.6% vs. 20.2%, P < 0.01) while use of carbamazepine was higher in the non-drug induced group (21.4% vs. 44.0%, P < 0.05). Multivariate logistic regression confirmed four factors associated with AIPD: female gender, temporal lobe epilepsy and use of levetiracetam, and a negative association with carbamazepine. Disorganized behaviors and thinking were more common in AIPD group compared to the non-drug induced group (100% vs. 72.6% and 78.6% vs. 64.3%, respectively P < 0.05). The percentage of continuous treatment with antipsychotic drugs was much lower in AIPD group (14.3% vs. 66.7%, respectively: P < 0.01). No patients experienced a chronic course in AIPD group while 40.5% did in the non-drug induced group (P < 0.05). Conclusion: One in seven patients with epilepsy who developed psychosis had AIPD. Female gender, temporal lobe epilepsy and current use of levetiracetam were significant predictors of AIPD while carbamazepine had a negative association. Disorganized behaviors and abnormal thinking were predominant symptoms of AIPD. AIPD differed from non-drug induced psychotic disorders in having better outcome. ER  - 
Patient and population aspects of treatment with antiepileptic drugs for improved patient safety$$$ Background: Most patients with epilepsy have a life-long need for treatment with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). One third do not achieve satisfactory seizure control, and adverse effects are common. We use therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) for individualization of treatment of AEDs for improved patient safety [1-3]. At the population level, analysis from the Norwegian Prescription Database (NorPD) shows that the use of newer AED in epilepsy and other indications increases every year, which calls for close surveillance [4, 5]. The objective of this study is to describe two methodologies for improved patient safety: at the patient and population levels, respectively, and elucidate clinical implications. Methods: TDM-data from 546 individual patients treated at The National Centre for Epilepsy were used to study pharmacokinetic variability for selected AEDs (clobazam, lacosamide, eslicarbazepine acetate). Data from NorPD was used to explore the use of newer AEDs for epilepsy vs non-epilepsy indications in the whole population ([100,000 patients per year). Results: At patient level, TDM-data reveal extensive pharmacokinetic variability between patients of up to 100-fold changes in concentration/dose-ratios of the three selected AEDs. Variability between age groups and drug interactions are main factors for variability. Analysis of data from NorPD show that newer AEDs are increasingly used in non-epilepsy indications; bipolar disorder and neuropathic pain, accounting for 51 % of the total use of AEDs in 2012. The increasing use of gabapentin and pregabalin in the elderly needs special attention. Thus, each year many new patients are exposed to AEDs, where detailed knowledge is needed to provide optimal treatment. Conclusions: Safety aspects of AEDs are elucidated at the patient and population levels. The use of TDM of newer AEDs reveal a need for individualization of therapy by adjusting the dose according to serum levels to avoid lack of efficacy or excessive adverse effects. Increased focus on changes in drug utilization in special patient groups as the elderly contributes to improved pharmacovigilance. Implication to practice: The extensive pharmacokinetic variability between individuals, and increased use of newer AEDs in the population as a whole, calls for the development and use of methodologies to improve monitoring and surveillance at the patient and population levels. ER  - 
Utility of in patient video EEG monitoring in a cohort of persons with epilepsy difficult to treat.$$$ Methods A retrospective study was performed in a tertiary epilepsy center collecting all the patients hopitalized during 2 years. Utility and delay in in-patient video monitoring resolving the clinical question on admission was determined. Classification of epilepsy or paroxysmal events not related to a seizure disorder were defined with demographic data and comorbidities were detailed. Results The cohort consisted of 57 patients with either epilepsy not responding to treatment or paroxysmal behavior of unknown cause where ambulatory care was regarded as insufficient. In 54 /57 patients the clinical question was answered in a satisfaction during the hospitalisation. The mean duration for the hospitalisation was 24 days (SD 13j). After 14,4 days (SD 13,3) it was possible to resolve the initial question on admission. The demographic data as comorbities (psychiatric, learning disability or altered cognition) will be presented in detail. Conclusions In a group of patients with epilepsy difficult to treat or presentation of atypical paroxysmal events, the ambulatory care is not always conclusive. In a small group of patients a hospitalisation with long term video EEG monitoring is indicated, to define either the type of epilepsy or seizures ou exclude psychogenic or other non epileptic events. In our cohort a hospitalisation with an adverage of 14,4 days, the clinical problem could be resolved in 54/57 patients (95%). Psychogenis non epileptic seizures (PNES) showed up as a predictive factor and it was more frequent in patients with intellectual disability in this cohort. 26/57 patients had a significant score of anxiety. Surprisingly, the patients with PNES had a normal score. ER  - 
Evaluating seizure disorder as a predictors of delirium tremens (DT) in the course of moderate to severe alcohol withdrawal case control study$$$ Background: The alcohol dependence is not uncommon in patients with independent diagnosis of seizure disorder. The dilemma faced at the time of differentiating withdrawal seizures from those of independent seizure disorder. Delirium tremens (DT) in course of alcohol withdrawal carries significant risk of mortality. Early risk identification and initiation of treatment can help in preventing DT. Studies have suggested that a recent epileptic seizure is found to herald the development of DT. Therefore this prediction can become the cornerstone in avoiding DT especially in patients with past independent epilepsy. Objectives: To study seizure disorder as a predictor of Delirium Tremens (DT) in the course of moderate to severe alcohol withdrawal. Methods: A retrospective cohort of 61 patients consecutively admitted in the de-addiction unit of a neuropsychiatric tertiary care hospital within a span of 18 months with DT was evaluated. The diagnosis of independent past seizure disorder made, based on clinical description and medical records. Two groups were made and compared: group I i.e. DT with seizure disorder and group II as control i.e. DT without seizure disorder. The data also included sociodemographic details, pattern of drinking, clinical variables and baseline investigations. Results: Parametric statistics were applied on the data. 16.94% of total admissions were diagnosed as alcohol withdrawal delirium. The mean age of patients with DTs was 35.66 years while mean age at which criterion for alcohol dependence were met was 25.34 years. The mean duration of abstinence was 3.52 days. The complete data will be presented at the time of presentation. Conclusion: DT is a potentially life threatening state with previously established clinical variables which indicate towards the development of DT. Assessment for easily detectable risk factors can enable the clinician to make an accurate prediction of developing alcohol withdrawal delirium. ER  - 
Prevalence and correlates of delirium tremens in alcohol related disorders$$$ Background: Alcohol use leads to multiple problems such as physical, psychological and social problems. Aims and Objectives: To determine the rate of occurrence of delirium tremens in patients with alcohol related disorders, in a general hospital setup and to compare the clinical and biochemical correlates of patients with delirium tremens with uncomplicated withdrawal states Methods-a prospective Cross Sectional Study was conducted for a period of one year at SDM College of Medical Sciences and Hospital. A total of 160 cases were assessed from January 2011 to January 2012 and 153 cases were included for the final analysis. Cases were selected according to inclusion and exclusion criteria i.e., Adult patients with more than 18yrs of age who had attended or referred to the Department of Psychiatry for alcohol related problems as per DSM IV- TR were included. Clinical evidence of other significant primary psychiatric illness such as dementia due to any cause, schizophrenia, bipolar affective disorders and major depressive disorders, other substance use disorders excluded Results: Out of 153 patients 33(21.56%) developed DT, 15(9.8%) withdrawal seizures. All 33 cases had predominantly autonomic hyperactivity. Majority of the cases of DT resolved by four days of admission and detoxification while 3 cases had prolonged delirium over one month duration. High amount of alcohol use, high score of SADQC, high total CIWA-Ar score on Day 1, past history of seizure,past history of Delirium, Delirium tremens,blood parameters such as increased neutrophil count, decreased lymphocyte count, increased AST,ALT etc. were significantly associated with DT Conclusion: The prevalence of DT in cases with alcohol dependence syndrome was 21% in the patients admitted in a general hospital setup for alcohol de-addiction. It was associated with frequent occurrence of withdrawal seizures and was seen in patients with higher score on CIWA-Ar rating scale. ER  - 
Mental retardation, comorbidities and single parenting$$$ Background: Mental retardation (MR) has a varied prevalence in different parts of the world. While studying MR, the care giver burden issues are equally relevant. A study to investigate the prevalence of MR and co morbidities and the prevalence of single parenting was done in the Department of Psychiatry, Victoria hospital, in Bangalore. Objectives: Is to study the degree of retardation in mentally retarded children and co morbidities among them, and prevalence of single parenting and causes related to it. Study Design: A cross sectional study. Materials and Methods: A total of 300 consecutive patients diagnosed as MR using appropriate intellectual functioning tests were done and included in the study. Data related to single parenting and co morbidity was collected in a special proforma along with socio economic background. Results: The mean age of the sample was 10.6 years, mean age at diagnosis of MR was 5.5 years and their mean IQ was 47. Of the total 300 patients, 127 were moderate MR category, 87 were mild MR, 50 severe MR and 36 profound MR. 92% of the patients had significant co morbidities. Seizure, ADHD, Autism, CHD, Microcephaly, Down's were seen. The prevalence of single parenting was 85% and mostly by mothers. The major causes were found out. Conclusions: Prevalence of single parenting by mothers of mentally retarded children seems to be much greater. Co morbidity is higher among Moderate MR than compared to other degrees. ER  - 
Correlation of pre-diagnosis illness perception and clinical outcome in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Rationale: This study aims to correlate patients' pre-diagnosis illness perception with clinical outcome three months after discharge from the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) at the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center. Subjects were those diagnosed with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) by video-EEG (VEEG) monitoring. The findings may help physicians identify earlier which patients may have difficulty accepting the diagnosis of PNES. Earlier identification of such illness perception may allow for a more tailored approach to managing the symptoms of these patients with the hope of improving their attack burden and quality of life. Methods: This was a prospective, longitudinal study following eight subjects diagnosed with PNES beginning with their admission to the EMU to three months post-discharge. Subjects completed the Broadbent Brief Illness Perception Questionnaire (BIPQ) prior to a standardized disclosure of their VEEG results. They were also asked to complete a symptom attribution question designed to uncover their perceived etiology of their attacks (psychological, physical, or a combination of both) - an instrument previously utilized to study patients with somatoform disorders (Mayor et al., 2012; Wessely & Powell, 1989). At three months, the investigators administered the same questionnaires to the patients via scripted telephone interview. An additional questionnaire regarding the current attack burden since discharge from the EMU was also given. Spearman's rank correlation coefficients were used to determine dependence between (a) patients' pre-diagnostic symptom attribution (5 point Likert scale) vs. (b) post-diagnosis attack frequency (5 point scale), attack intensity (5 point scale), and new mental health intervention (2 point scale) at three months after EMU discharge. Similar correlations were performed between (a) the first eight questions in the BIPQ (10 point scale for each question) and (b) post-diagnosis attack frequency and attack intensity at three months after EMU discharge. Results: There was a very strong correlation between those subjects who attributed psychological factors to the etiology of their attacks prior to diagnosis with improved frequency of PNES at three months post discharge (rs = -0.92, p = 0.002). There was a strong correlation between the perceived negative impact on life (BIPQ question 1) with greater frequency of PNES at three months post-discharge (rs = -0.84, p = 0.01). A 2-tailed t-test was conducted to compare each response from the BPIQ on admission and at three months, and there was no significant difference in the scores. Conclusions: Subjects who attributed greater psychological contributions to their attacks prior to the VEEG confirmation of PNES demonstrated improved attack frequency after discharge from the EMU. Patients who perceived their lives to be more negatively impacted by their attacks prior to diagnosis correlated with worse attack frequency after the diagnosis. While our sample size was small (n=8), our correlations (rs) were robust across two psychometric instruments. ER  - 
Why are we excluding patients with epilepsy from clinical trials of transcranial magnetic stimulation to treat depression?$$$ Rationale: Major depression (MD) is a big problem in epilepsy. Patients with epilepsy (PWE) are four times more likely to have been hospitalized for MD than comparable patients without epilepsy (Mendez, 1986). While some (Kanner, 2013) advocate for more aggressive treatment with standard antidepressant medications, concerns regarding lowered seizure threshold and adverse interactions with antiepileptic drugs continue to limit implementation. Alternative treatments are urgently needed. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive neuromodulatory technology with proven efficacy in treating MD. The estimated risk of seizure induction by TMS in routine clinical use in patients without epilepsy is 0.1% (George, 2013). Concerns over this potential seizure risk have had a chilling effect on the study of TMS to treat MD in PWE. A recent search of ClinicalTrials.gov (5/28/14) for Phase 3 trials using terms “TMS” and “Depression” generated 28 trials of which 2 did not involve TMS as a treatment and one did not include any exclusion criteria. Of the remaining 25 trials, all excluded patients with a history of seizures or epilepsy. One of the chief principles of informed consent is respect for autonomy. As far as we know, no one has asked PWE what is their attitude towards trying a new treatment as a function of risk of seizure induction. Methods: We presented a brief anonymous survey to patients in a general neurology clinic at the Pittsburgh VA hospital during March-April 2014. The survey consisted of Yes/No or Likert-scale questions on a single-sided sheet. The survey assessed age, gender, seizure history (SzHx), anxiety/depression symptoms (PHQ4), and the degree of reported side effects from antidepressant medications. Finally, five questions assessed willingness to try a new antidepressant/anxiolytic treatment at the cost of varying levels of risk of inducing a seizure (from 1/10 chance to 1/10000 chance). Results: Survey refusal was under 5%. Of the 198 respondents, 177 were men and 28% had history of seizures (SzHx+) with median time since last seizure of 1yr. Mean age of sample = 57+14y (23y to 89y). Measures of depression, anxiety, degree of side effects from medication for depression/anxiety, did not differ between veterans with and without seizures. Amongst those willing to try a new treatment there was a trend for SzHx+ to be more willing to accept risk of seizures than the SzHx- group (P< 0.08, Cochran Armitage Trend Test). Conclusions: Over a quarter of a sample of US veterans with history of seizures was willing to try a new antidepressant treatment even when presented with risk of seizure induction of 0.5% or greater. There is no evidence that patients with seizure history are more risk averse than those without seizures. Based on our survey results, the reverse may be true. There is no ethical justification for excluding patients with history of seizures or epilepsy from MD treatment trials involving TMS. Such trials seem urgently needed for the treatment of MD in PWE. ER  - 
Eslicarbazepine acetate as adjunctive therapy for refractory partial-onset seizures: Analysis of cognitive adverse events$$$ Rationale: Several commonly used antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) can impede cognitive function; potential manifestations include impairment of learning in children, driving ability in adults, and memory in elderly patients (Aldenkamp et al, Epilepsia 2003;44[Suppl.4]:21-9). Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is a once-daily (QD) oral AED that has previously been demonstrated to be generally well tolerated as adjunctive therapy in patients with partial-onset seizures (POS) (Rogin et al. Epilepsy Curr 2014;14 [Suppl. 1]). The current post-hoc analysis of 8 double-blind placebo (PBO)-controlled trials (3 phase III epilepsy trials and 5 phase II trials in patients with other conditions) was conducted to determine the frequency of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) potentially related to changes in cognitive function ('cognitive TEAEs') during use of ESL. Methods: Patients in the epilepsy trials were adults with ≥4 POS/month, receiving 1-3 AEDs; they were treated with PBO or ESL 400mg (2 of 3 trials), 800mg, or 1200mg QD for 12 wks (following a 2-wk titration). In the phase II trials, patients with bipolar disorder, post-herpetic neuralgia, migraine, or fibromyalgia received ESL (400-2400mg/day) or PBO for up to 16 weeks. Patients with TEAEs related to cognitive function were identified from the safety population (TEAEs were categorized using the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities, v13.1). Cognitive TEAEs included signs and symptoms from the clinical database and were also identified by clinical audit and data review. Results: The analysis population for the epilepsy trials consisted of 1447 patients (∼80% Caucasian; ∼30% taking a single AED; median daily ESL dose = 752mg; median duration of treatment = 98 days) whereas that for the 'non-epilepsy' trials comprised 1705 patients (median daily ESL dose = 755mg; median duration of treatment = 64 days). Incidences of cognitive TEAEs are shown in Table 1. In the epilepsy population, the incidences of memory impairment and attention disturbance were slightly higher at higher ESL doses. There were 2 reports of visual hallucinations in patients taking placebo (phase III studies), and 2 reports of 'psychotic disorder' in patients taking ESL (1 phase III recipient of ESL 400mg; 1 phase II recipient of ESL ≥1400mg). Attention disturbance led to discontinuation in 3 phase III patients (1 each taking PBO, ESL 800mg and ESL 1200mg). Five other phase III patients discontinued, due to amnesia (n=2, ESL 800mg, ESL1200mg), aphasia (n=2, ESL 1200mg) and cognitive disorder (n=1, ESL 1200mg). Conclusions: Cognitive TEAEs were reported infrequently (each ≤1.5% of patients) during treatment with adjunctive ESL, although all patients were taking other concomitant AEDs, many of which are associated with impairments of cognitive function. The most frequently reported cognitive TEAEs were irritability, memory impairment and attention disturbance (all reported more frequently with ESL vs PBO). For the vast majority of cognitive TEAEs, the incidence was low in patients taking ESL (each ≤0.7%). (Table Presented). ER  - 
Is treatment-resistant focal epilepsy less frequent in veterans?$$$ Rationale: Epileptic seizure disorders have become an increased source of conern in Veterans given the relative high exposure to traumatic brain injury. In general, 50% of adults with focal epilepsy are expected to develop treatment-resistant epilepsy, although when seizuers begin after the age of 50, seizure freedom is likely to occur in 70% of patients. The purpose of this study was to examine wheter the frequency of treatment resistant epilepsy was different in veterans and if the cause and age of onset of the seizure disorder played a factor. Methods: Retrospective study of 214 consecutive outpatient veterans followed in the outpatient clinic of the Miami VA Epilepsy Center of Excellence. Data collected from the medial records included: age of onset of epilepsy, cause , seizure type and epilepsy syndrome, response to pharmacotherapy, presence of psychiatric comorbidities (divided into mood disorder, PTSD, polisubstanceabuse, other), antiepileptic regimen and adherence to medical treatment. Results: Among the 214 patients, 88% were males, the mean age range was 52.31 (SD 15.17 ) years. 162 patients (70.3%) had focal epilepsy presenting with complex partial with or without secondarily GTC (generalized tonic clonic) seizures. The remaining patiens had GTC seizures without evidence of focality by clinical semiology and electrographicrecordings.Among those with focal epilepsy 30.3% was caused by TBI. The comorbid conditions in all patients with epilepsy inlcuded mood disorders (53.2%), PTSD (14%), polisubstace abuse (30.2%) and other psychiatric diseases (30%). Among 214 patints; 43 had not been compliant with their AED regimen or had just ben started on one AED. Hence treatment response was not assessed in these patients. Among the remaining 171 patients, treatment-resistant epilepsy defined as a failure to achieve seizure freedom after two or more AED trials was identified in 34 patients (19%). The mean age of onset of seizure free patients was 37.8+-18.1 years old, which did not differ from that of patients with persistent seizures (35.6 +- 18.1 years old). In addition, seizure- freedom was not associated with duration of seizure disorder, cause of epilepsy and the presence of comorbidities. Lack of adherence to medical treatment was high (25%) Conclusions: The frequency of seizure freedom in this cohort of veterans is lower than that of the general population. These findings cannot be accounted by age of onset of the seizure of the seizure disorder or any of the other examined variables (Table Presented). ER  - 
Longitudinal psychosocial outcomes after temporal lobe epilepsy surgery$$$ Rationale: The dynamic correlation between epilepsy, psychiatric illness, and quality of life are well established. Limited data exist, however, on the longitudinal and comprehensive interactions among these health determinants in surgical epilepsy patients. This study investigates depressive and anxiety symptoms, and quality of life measures after temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) surgery analyzing characteristics of psychosocial well-being beyond the initial post-operative 6 months in the context of epilepsy etiology. Methods: This retrospective study included 263 adults who underwent resective TLE surgery in our center from 2008 to 2013, and completed baseline pre-surgery and post-operative questionnaires of health status measures (PHQ-9 for depression, GAD-7 anxiety, QOLIE-10 quality of life, driving status). Clinical, demographic, self-report questionnaires, imaging, and pathology were reviewed. Etiology of epilepsy was determined based on history, MRI, and pathology. A follow-up of at least 6 months was required. Pre and post-measures were compared using the Chi-square and t-tests as appropriate. Results: The mean age at time of surgery was 40 years (range 18 to 77) with 57% females. Most were white [88% (232 patients)], 7% (21) African American, and 4% (10) had other ethnicity. Forty-four percent (192) were married, 47% (204) single, 5% (22) divorced, and 3% had other social status. Fifty-two percent (137) of patients had left sided surgery. Pre-surgery characteristics of patients showed baseline Liverpool seizure severity mean score of 38, mostly normally distributed. Number of AEDs used prior to surgery ranged 1 to 5 with the largest group (46%) using two AEDs. Abnormal brain MRI was seen in 86% (226). Etiology of epilepsy was mesial temporal sclerosis (MTS) alone 32% (85), malformation of cortical development (MCD) alone 19% (49), MTS and MCD 14% (38), cavernous angioma 9% (23), other 4% (11), and cryptogenic 14% (37). PHQ-9 score pre-surgery mean was 7.8 (median 6), and post-surgery improved to mean 6.5 (median 4; p-value<0.05). GAD-7 pre-surgery score was mean 6 (median 4), and post-surgery improved to mean of 4 (median 3; p-value <0.05). QOLIE-10 pre-surgery mean and median was 27, and post mean was improved to 21 (median 19; p-value<0.0001). Reaching clinically meaningful improvement as defined by a 10% or larger reduction of baseline QOLIE-10 score in 65% of the patients. Comparisons are illustrated in figure 1. While 12% (32) were driving before surgery, 36% were driving at follow-up. Improvements in depression and anxiety after surgery correlated with clinically meaningful improvements in QOLIE-10 scores (p-value 0.0001 and 0.0002 respectively). When comparing the various etiologies for temporal lobe epilepsy there was no significant difference in mean change of PHQ-9, GAD-7, or QOLIE-10 between the groups. Conclusions: Overall, depressive symptoms, anxiety, and quality of life improve beyond 6 months post-operative following TLE surgery, independent of epilepsy etiology. Improvements in psychosocial outcomes are critical for an overall impact on quality of life. ER  - 
Epilepsy and stress: From bench to clinic$$$ Summary: People with epilepsy report stress as the most common trigger for seizures, yet little is known about the underlying mechanisms or treatment options. This Investigator's Workshop will provide the rationale, methods and preliminary results of studies of stress and epilepsy. Dr. James Herman, a leader in animal research in stress and illness will present the current understanding of stress responses in models of illnesses from PTSD and depression to epilepsy, showing how animal models can inform the search for basic mechanisms. Dr. Jane Allendorfer will describe a recent study employing widely used paradigms for producing stress in humans under experimental conditions, and investigating biomarkers of stress and fMRI responses in people with stress triggered seizures. Dr. Michael Privitera will describe an ongoing randomized clinical trial exploring stress reduction techniques tied to smartphone mood, stress and seizure diaries in patients with medication resistant epilepsy. Attendees will have ample time to discuss biomarker choices and study methodology. ER  - 
Phase II trial of the anti-CD19 bispecific T cell-engager blinatumomab shows hematologic and molecular remissions in patients with relapsed or refractory B-precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia$$$ Purpose: Patients with relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) have a dismal prognosis. CD19 is homogenously expressed in B-precursor ALL and can be targeted by the investigational bispecific T cell-engager antibody blinatumomab. A phase II trial was performed to determine clinical activity in this patient cohort. Patients and Methods: Thirty-six patients with relapsed or refractory B-precursor ALL were treated with blinatumomab in cycles of 4-week continuous infusion followed by a 2-week treatment-free interval in a single-arm study with a dose-finding stage and an extension stage. The primary end point was complete remission (CR) or CR with partial hematologic recovery (CRh). Major secondary end points included minimal residual disease (MRD) response, rate of allogeneic hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation (HSCT) realization, relapse-free survival (RFS), overall survival (OS), and incidence of adverse events (AEs). Results: Median age was 32 years (range, 18 to 77 years). Twenty-five patients (69%) achieved a CR or CRh, with 88% of the responders achieving an MRD response. Median OS was 9.8 months (95% CI, 8.5 to 14.9), and median RFS was 7.6 months (95% CI, 4.5 to 9.5). Thirteen responders (52%) underwent HSCT after achieving a CR or CRh. The most frequent AE during treatment was pyrexia (grade 1 or 2, 75%; grade 3, 6%). In six patients with nervous system or psychiatric disorder AEs and in two patients with cytokine release syndrome, treatment had to be interrupted or discontinued. These medical events were resolved clinically. Conclusion: The data support further investigation of blinatumomab for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory ALL in a larger confirmatory study. ER  - 
A phase II, randomized, study of weekly APG101+reirradiation versus reirradiation in progressive glioblastoma$$$ Purpose: Preclinical data indicate anti-invasive activity of APG101, a CD95 ligand (CD95L)-binding fusion protein, in glioblastoma. Experimental Design: Patients (N = 91) with glioblastoma at first or second progression were randomized 1:2 between second radiotherapy (rRT; 36 Gy; five times 2 Gy per week) or rRT+APG101 (400 mg weekly i.v.). Patient characteristics [N = 84 (26 patients rRT, 58 patients rRT+APG101)] were balanced. Results: Progression-free survival at 6 months (PFS-6) rates were 3.8% [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.1-19.6] for rRT and 20.7% (95% CI, 11.2-33.4) for rRT+APG101 (P = 0.048). Median PFS was 2.5 (95% CI, 2.3-3.8) months and 4.5 (95% CI, 3.7-5.4) months with a hazard ratio (HR) of 0.49 (95% CI, 0.27-0.88; P = 0.0162) adjusted for tumor size. Cox regression analysis adjusted for tumor size revealed a HR of 0.60 (95% CI, 0.36-1.01; P = 0.0559) for rRT+APG101 for death of any cause. Lower methylation levels at CpG2 in the CD95L promoter in the tumor conferred a stronger risk reduction (HR, 0.19; 95% CI, 0.06-0.58) for treatment with APG101, suggesting a potential biomarker. Conclusions: CD95 pathway inhibition in combination with rRT is an innovative concept with clinical efficacy. It warrants further clinical development. CD95L promoter methylation in the tumor may be developed as a biomarker. ER  - 
A double-blind, placebo-controlled comparator study of LY2140023 monohydrate in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Background: Pomaglumetad methionil (LY2140023 monohydrate) is a potent and highly selective agonist for the metabotropic glutamate mGluR2 and mGluR3 receptors. We present results of a pivotal clinical study H8Y-MC-HBBM assessing the efficacy of LY2140023 in improving symptoms as a monotherapy in patients with an acute exacerbation of schizophrenia. Methods: Enrolled adult patients (ages 18-65) with schizophrenia who had experienced an exacerbation of symptoms within 2 weeks prior to study entry. Patients (N = 1013) were randomized 2:2:2:1 to treatment with placebo, LY40 mg twice daily (BID), LY80 mg BID, or risperidone (RIS) 2 mg BID for 6 weeks after a one-week blinded placebo lead-in. The primary outcome assessed change from baseline in the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) total score in an overall schizophrenia population and a predefined subpopulation which excluded non-Hispanic white patients with the A/A genotype at the HTR2A SNP rs7330461. Results: Neither LY2140023 dose showed significant improvement compared to placebo on PANSS total in either population (1-sided p-value [significance level], overall: LY40, p = .154 [0.01]; LY80, p = .698 [0.01], subpopulation: LY40, p = .033 [0.0025]; LY80, p = .659 [0.0025], MMRM analysis). RIS statistically separated from placebo in both populations (p < .001 [0.05]). There were no statistically significant differences in the incidence of serious adverse events, and no seizures on LY2140023. Conclusion: LY2140023 treatment did not demonstrate efficacy in populations studied. Overall, LY2140023 treatment was generally well tolerated with no new adverse safety findings compared to previous trials. Further understanding of the role of glutamate as a therapeutic target in schizophrenia is needed. ER  - 
A Pilot Study to Assess Quality of Life in Older Children and Adolescents with Primary Immune Thrombocytopenia$$$ [Formula presented] Background: Primary immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) is characterized by immune-mediated platelet destruction and impaired platelet production which may result in severe and chronic, symptomatic thrombocytopenia in a considerable minority of patients. The impact of chronic ITP (cITP) on the health-related quality of life (HRQoL), as it occurs in children, is not well defined. Methods: We administered a validated, age-appropriate HRQoL instrument, the Kids ITP Tools (KIT) (Klaassen, et al. 2007) consisting of 27 questions to assess the HRQoL of older children and adolescents with cITP and the burden it places on their caregivers. Numerical KIT scores, ranging from 0-100 are inversely related to HRQoL. The Platelet Disorder Support Association (PDSA) invited participants (8 to 18 years of age) and their parents to complete an online version of the KIT survey and a background demographic and clinical questionnaire. Results: The survey and questionnaire was completed and returned by 74 children, 168 parents and 90 parents (as proxies for their children) and were evaluable in 70, 155, and 80, respectively. Pediatric participants had male-to-female ratio of 0.98, a mean age and duration of ITP of 12.8 and 5.6 years, respectively. Bleeding symptoms were reported in 97% and drug treatment for ITP in 94%; 44% received an ITP treatment within the last month. Team sports and extracurricular club participation was reported in 42.9% and 54.3%of children, respectively. Twenty percent reported having been bullied. The relationship to being bullied and other determinants of HRQoL were not studied in this pilot study. No significant difference in KIT scores was noted by age, recent treatment or history of bleeding symptoms. The younger cohort (8-12 years), reported a significantly worse HRQoL than the older cohort, aged 12-18 years (p=0.042). In addition, a worse HRQoL was reported by children with ITP < 3 years compared to children with ITP ≥ 3 years (p=0.031), children with > 5 treatment side effects compared to children with ≤ 5 treatment side effects (p=0.010), children with no sports participation compared to children with sports participation (p=0.009). Parents-as-proxy reported a worse HRQoL for children with the shorter duration of ITP (p=0.008), > 5 treatment side effects (p=0.003), co-morbid health conditions* (p=0.009), and no sports participation (p=0.002). Parental burden was reported as worse if their child with ITP was younger (p=0.025), non-Caucasian (p=0.025), had ITP < 3 years (p=0.026), had co-morbidities (p=0.048), or didn't participate in social clubs (p=0.046). A high degree of correlation, r = 0.8, was noted between the patient and parent-proxy answers. Areas of non-concordance between KIT scores and degree of parental burden included race, number of treatment side effects, and sports or social club participation. The study was limited by potential for ascertainment bias and survey fatigue. C onclusions: This pilot study of the HRQoL in older children and adolescents with cITP showed that the HRQoL results are largely well correlated among the children, parent-proxy and parental burden results. Worse HRQoL was reported in children less than 12 years of age, those having 5 or more side effects to prior ITP treatment, and individuals not participating in sports. The study provides insight to the somewhat unpredictable determinants of parental burden and will facilitate larger cross-sectional HRQoL study of children and adolescents with cITP. *thyroid disease, inflammatory bowel disorders, stomach ulcer, hearing loss, kidney problems, skin disorders, genetic syndromes, asthma, diabetes, anemia, recurrent infections, allergies, seizures, heart conditions Disclosures: Kruse: Amgen: Research Funding. Mathias: Platelet Disorder Support Association: Consultancy. ER  - 
Intent-to-Treat Results of a Phase I Trial of CD19 Chimeric Antigen Receptor Engineered T Cells Using a Consistent Treatment Regimen Reveals a 67% Complete Response Rate in Relapsed, Refractory Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia$$$ Relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) remains a difficult therapeutic challenge. We developed a platform where T cells are collected, transduced via retrovirus with a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) targeting CD19 and incorporating CD3ζ and CD28 domains and reinfused in 11 days. Our recently completed Phase I clinical trial (NCT01593696) in patients age 1-30 years with pre-B ALL or B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) established a maximally tolerated dose (MTD), revealed cytokine release syndrome (CRS) as the dose-limiting toxicity, demonstrated clearance of CNS leukemia without intrathecal (IT) chemotherapy, and resulted in an intent-to-treat complete response (CR) rate of 67%. CAR T cells were administered after fludarabine (25 mg/m2/day Days -4, -3, -2) and cyclophosphamide (900 mg/m2/day Day -2). All patients received either 1 x 106 CAR+ T cells/kg (dose level 1), 3 x 106CAR+ T cells/kg (dose level 2), or the maximum number of cells generated if the total available dose fell below the assigned dose level. In the latter case, patients were not evaluable for toxicity but remained evaluable for all other aspects. We enrolled and treated 20 ALL patients (2 CNS2 leukemia, 6 primary refractory) and 1 NHL. Two of 21 CAR T cell products did not reach the dose level assigned (90% feasibility), but these were still infused. We determined the MTD to be 1 x 106CAR+ T cells/kg as 2/4 patients at dose level 2 had grade (Gr) 3 or 4 CRS. Dose level 1 was then expanded (n=15) to gain more experience and Gr 3 (n=2; 13%) and Gr 4 (n=2; 13%) CRS occurred. In total, 4 patients received the anti-IL6 receptor antibody, tocilizumab, for severe CRS, 2 of whom also required steroids. Neurotoxicities occurred even in patients without CNS disease and consisted of Gr 1 visual hallucinations (5/21; 24%) and transient Gr 3 dysphasia. No seizures occurred. All CRS and neurotoxicities resolved to baseline. No graft-versus-host disease was seen despite collecting donor-derived T cells directly from patients with prior hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT). B cell aplasia occurred in 12/14 responding patients (86%) but was transient. Using intent-to-treat analysis, the CR rate was 67% with overall survival of 51.6% (median f/u 10 mths). In the 20 ALL patients, the CR rate was 70% with 12/20 (60%) achieving minimal residual disease negative (MRD−) CR. Of these 12, the leukemia free survival is 78.8% beginning at 4.8 months. Ten had subsequent HSCT since this is standard of care for refractory, relapsed ALL in MRD− remission. The 2 patients who did not have a second HSCT relapsed with CD19− disease. In 2 patients with CNS2 leukemia CSF blasts cleared without IT chemotherapy coincident with rise in CSF CAR T cells. 61% of patients had CAR T cells in the CSF, and absolute CSF CAR T cells correlated with neurotoxicity (p=0.0039). Peak CAR T cell expansion occurred in blood (PB) at Day 14 and was not detected beyond Day 68, though 10 patients underwent subsequent HSCT complicating interpretation of this data. Expansion of PB CAR T cells correlated with response (p=0.0042). Gr 3 or 4 CRS correlated with disease burden (p=0.0039), total CAR T cell expansion (p=0.0011), total CD8+ CAR T cells (p=0.0087), and effector memory CD8+ (p=0.0087) and CD4+ (p=0.026) CAR T cells in vivo. Maximum fold change in IL-6 and INFγ correlated with Gr 3/4 CRS (p=0.0002 for both) as did peak C-reactive protein (p=0.0015). Three responding patients received second infusions without additional benefit. No evidence of human anti-mouse antibodies were found. But, T cells in 6/11 patients tested proliferated in response to the infused CAR product >3 times that to autologous non-transduced cells (p=0.030). Importantly, all of these patients had complete responses, hence the significance of this finding remains unclear. Our results demonstrate for the first time a high intent-to-treat feasibility and response rate in a uniformly treated patient population and also provide biomarkers for response, CRS and neurologic toxicities. We conclude that this CD19 CAR platform provides an effective bridge to transplant for patients with refractory and relapsed ALL and is highly active in primary chemorefractory ALL, inducing MRD− remission in 6/6 such patients. Future studies will expand eligibility for patients with CNS leukemia and incorporate a reinduction regimen for patients with high disease burden in an attempt to increase response rates and diminish severity of CRS. Disclosures: Off Label Use: CD19 CAR T cell therapy is not FDA approved and will be discussed for the treatment of ALL and NHL. Wayne:MedImmune: Honoraria, Research Funding, Travel support Other; NIH: Patents & Royalties. ER  - 
Intent-to-treat results of a phase I trial of CD19 chimeric antigen receptor engineered T cells using a consistent treatment regimen reveals a 67% complete response rate in relapsed, refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia$$$ Relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) remains a difficult therapeutic challenge. We developed a platform where T cells are collected, transduced via retrovirus with a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) targeting CD19 and incorporating CD3ζ and CD28 domains and reinfused in 11 days. Our recently completed Phase I clinical trial (NCT01593696) in patients age 1-30 years with pre-B ALL or B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) established a maximally tolerated dose (MTD), revealed cytokine release syndrome (CRS) as the dose-limiting toxicity, demonstrated clearance of CNS leukemia without intrathecal (IT) chemotherapy, and resulted in an intent-to-treat complete response (CR) rate of 67%. CAR T cells were administered after fludarabine (25 mg/m2/day Days -4, -3, -2) and cyclophosphamide (900 mg/m2/day Day -2). All patients received either 1 x 106 CAR+ T cells/kg (dose level 1), 3 x 106CAR+ T cells/kg (dose level 2), or the maximum number of cells generated if the total available dose fell below the assigned dose level. In the latter case, patients were not evaluable for toxicity but remained evaluable for all other aspects. We enrolled and treated 20 ALL patients (2 CNS2 leukemia, 6 primary refractory) and 1 NHL. Two of 21 CAR T cell products did not reach the dose level assigned (90% feasibility), but these were still infused. We determined the MTD to be 1 x 106CAR+ T cells/kg as 2/4 patients at dose level 2 had grade (Gr) 3 or 4 CRS. Dose level 1 was then expanded (n=15) to gain more experience and Gr 3 (n=2; 13%) and Gr 4 (n=2; 13%) CRS occurred. In total, 4 patients received the anti-IL6 receptor antibody, tocilizumab, for severe CRS, 2 of whom also required steroids. Neurotoxicities occurred even in patients without CNS disease and consisted of Gr 1 visual hallucinations (5/21; 24%) and transient Gr 3 dysphasia. No seizures occurred. All CRS and neurotoxicities resolved to baseline. No graft-versus-host disease was seen despite collecting donor-derived T cells directly from patients with prior hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT). B cell aplasia occurred in 12/14 responding patients (86%) but was transient. Using intent-to-treat analysis, the CR rate was 67% with overall survival of 51.6% (median f/u 10 mths). In the 20 ALL patients, the CR rate was 70% with 12/20 (60%) achieving minimal residual disease negative (MRD-) CR. Of these 12, the leukemia free survival is 78.8% beginning at 4.8 months. Ten had subsequent HSCT since this is standard of care for refractory, relapsed ALL in MRD- remission. The 2 patients who did not have a second HSCT relapsed with CD19- disease. In 2 patients with CNS2 leukemia CSF blasts cleared without IT chemotherapy coincident with rise in CSF CAR T cells. 61% of patients had CAR T cells in the CSF, and absolute CSF CAR T cells correlated with neurotoxicity (p=0.0039). Peak CAR T cell expansion occurred in blood (PB) at Day 14 and was not detected beyond Day 68, though 10 patients underwent subsequent HSCT complicating interpretation of this data. Expansion of PB CAR T cells correlated with response (p=0.0042). Gr 3 or 4 CRS correlated with disease burden (p=0.0039), total CAR T cell expansion (p=0.0011), total CD8+ CAR T cells (p=0.0087), and effector memory CD8+ (p=0.0087) and CD4+ (p=0.026) CAR T cells in vivo. Maximum fold change in IL-6 and INFγ correlated with Gr 3/4 CRS (p=0.0002 for both) as did peak C-reactive protein (p=0.0015). Three responding patients received second infusions without additional benefit. No evidence of human anti-mouse antibodies were found. But, T cells in 6/11 patients tested proliferated in response to the infused CAR product >3 times that to autologous non-transduced cells (p=0.030). Importantly, all of these patients had complete responses, hence the significance of this finding remains unclear. Our results demonstrate for the first time a high intent-to-treat feasibility and response rate in a uniformly treated patient population and also provide biomarkers for response, CRS and neurologic toxicities. We conclude that this CD19 CAR platform provides an effective bridge to transplant for patients with refractory and relapsed ALL and is highly active in primary chemorefractory ALL, inducing MRD- remission in 6/6 such patients. Future studies will expand eligibility for patients with CNS leukemia and incorporate a reinduction regimen for patients with high disease burden in an attempt to increase response rates and diminish severity of CRS. ER  - 
Prognostic values of a combination of intervals between respiratory illness and onset of neurological symptoms and elevated serum IgM titers in Mycoplasma pneumoniae encephalopathy$$$ Background/Purpose: To retrospectively analyze the clinical manifestations of Mycoplasma pneumoniae (. M. pneumoniae)-associated encephalopathy in pediatric patients. Methods: Pediatric patients with positive serum anti-. M. pneumoniae immunoglobulin M (IgM) were enrolled in this study. Clinical signs and symptoms, laboratory data, neuroimaging findings, and electrophysiological data were reviewed. Results: Of 1000 patients identified, 11 (1.1%; male:female ratio=7:4) had encephalopathy and were admitted to the pediatric intensive care unit. Clinical presentation included fever, symptoms of respiratory illness, and gastrointestinal upset. Neurological symptoms included altered consciousness, seizures, coma, focal neurological signs, and personality change. Neuroimaging and electroencephalographic findings were non-specific. Specimens of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) for M. pneumoniae polymerase chain reaction (PCR) were negative. Higher M. pneumoniae IgM titers and longer intervals between respiratory and CNS manifestations were associated with worse outcomes. Conclusion: Clinical manifestations of M. pneumoniae-associated encephalopathy were variable. Diagnosis of M. pneumoniae encephalopathy should not rely on CSF detection of M. pneumoniae by PCR. M. pneumoniae IgM titers and intervals between respiratory and CNS manifestations might be possibly related to the prognosis of patients with M. pneumoniae-associated encephalopathy. ER  - 
Long-term outcome of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: The role of induction by suggestion$$$ Purpose: The aims of our retrospective observational study were to evaluate the long-term outcome of PNESs after communication of the diagnosis and to define predictors of good outcome. Method: Twenty-seven consecutive patients with a certain diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) were included in the study. Follow-up information was obtained from each participant through a questionnaire designed for the study. Regarding seizure frequency, the patients were asked to report how many seizures they had experienced on average every month before the communication of the diagnosis and after it. Results: After the communication of the diagnosis, the median seizure frequency had dropped to 4 every month (p<0.001). Seventeen participants (63%) were seizure-free at follow-up, and a further five (18.5%) showed a greater than 50% improvement in seizure frequency. Regarding the predictive value of clinical and sociodemographic variables for PNES global outcome, the factors gender, education, economic status, interval of time from onset, comorbidity with epilepsy, psychiatric history, mental retardation, psychological therapy, psychiatric therapy, and the presence of stressful and traumatic events were not related to prognosis; the only factor associated with a better outcome was the diagnosis made after the induction of PNESs by suggestion (p=0.000, χ2=4.654). Conclusion: A substantial majority of our patients became seizure-free with communication of the diagnosis as the only intervention. The use of the induction by suggestion test was an important predictor of good outcome. ER  - 
Reappraisal of abnormal EEG findings in children with ADHD: On the relationship between ADHD and epileptiform discharges$$$ Introduction: Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder is suggested to be closely related to epilepsy. A recent large-scale study revealed that ADHD in children is often accompanied by epilepsy. In Japan, methylphenidate (MPH) as a sustained-action tablet and atomoxetine (ATX) became commercially available as medications for children recently. Since then, the number of prescriptions of both medicines has increased rapidly. Methylphenidate, as a psychostimulant, has been a source of concern because of the perceived lowered threshold for convulsions in children. Based on this background, reappraisal of EEG findings in children with ADHD is important in order to detect indications of potential comorbid epilepsy and to investigate the developmental mechanisms of the neurophysiological manifestations in patients with ADHD. Material and method: EEG findings in children newly diagnosed with ADHD and their relationship with clinical findings were investigated. The author evaluated 208 patients with ADHD newly diagnosed between 2008 and 2013. Of these, there were 145 patients for whom EEG findings were obtained along with a clinical follow-up for at least three months. Patients with IQ. <. 70 were excluded in order to obtain a homogenous group of patients with ADHD. The male-to-female ratio was 130:15, and the age range was between 5. years, 9. months and 19. years, 9. months, with mean age of 11. years, 4. months. Results: The results revealed that about half (48.3%) of the children with ADHD had abnormal EEG findings and that 22.1% of them had epileptiform discharges. Patients without comorbidity of autism spectrum disorder (ore homogenous group with ADHD) were especially likely to show abnormal EEG findings (51.0%) including epileptiform discharges (24.5%). Afebrile seizures, that is, epileptic seizures, occurred in a boy three days after commencement of administration with MPH as a sustained-action tablet. In four patients with a past history of epilepsy, neither relapse of EEG abnormality nor epileptic seizures were observed during the follow-up period. Conclusion: There was to be a significantly close relationship between ADHD and epileptiform discharges. Therefore, in patients with ADHD, it is important to obtain more precise information about seizures and presence of epilepsy from the personal and family histories, as well as to undertake a thorough EEG examination. ER  - 
Ten-year mortality after severe traumatic brain injury in western Sweden: A case control study$$$ Primary objective: Life expectancy may be substantially reduced for many years after severe traumatic brain injury (TBI). This study investigated the patterns of the short-and long-term all-cause mortality and the rates of primary causes of death in patients with severe TBI. Subjects: This study was of 166 consecutive patients (6-82 years) with severe TBI admitted to Sahlgrenska University Hospital, Gothenburg, Sweden, from 1999-2002. The control group consisted of 809 subjects from the community, matched to the TBI cohort for age, gender and postcode area at the time of the injury. Methods: Survival outcome and cause of death were ascertained 10 years after the injury from the Swedish National Board of Health and Welfare register. The cumulative death rates and causes of death in cases and controls were compared. Results: The risk of death was increased for at least 10 years after severe TBI. The distribution of the causes of deaths differed between cases and controls in the first year of follow-up, but not between 1-year survivors and controls. Conclusion: Further research will be required to determine how to improve treatment so as to lower late mortality among survivors of severe TBI. ER  - 
Co-Morbidity of attention deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and epilepsy In children seen In University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital Enugu: Prevalence, Clinical and social correlates$$$ AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To determine the prevalence of ADHD, epilepsy co-morbidity and social and clinical correlates in Nigerian children. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 113 children with epilepsy was carried out and assessed for ADHD prevalence using the home version of the ADHD Rating Scale IV. The presence of certain variables occurring in association with the co-morbidity was also determined. RESULTS: Sixteen (14.2%) children had ADHD, epilepsy co-morbidity. The inattentive subtype of ADHD was the most common (68.8%). The factors that were significantly associated with the co-morbidity were poor academic performance (p=0.01), living in rural areas (p=0.00), history of status epilepticus (p=0.00) and the presence of other associated neurological pathologies (p=0.00). CONCLUSION: Children with the co-morbidity are more likely to be those that are underachieving academically, with history of status epilepticus, family history of epilepsy, and abnormal EEG. Children with the co-morbidity should be actively sought after and managed accordingly. ER  - 
Leucine-rich glioma-inactivated protein 1 antibody encephalitis: A case report$$$ Objective: To describe a case of leucine-rich glioma-inactivated protein 1 (LGI1) antibody-associated encephalitis. Methods: The clinical and ancillary data and brain MRIs were gathered retrospectively by chart review. Relevant literature on similar cases was also reviewed. Results: The diagnosis of LGI1 antibody-associated autoimmune encephalitis was based on the typical clinical presentation of seizures, psychiatric symptoms, and memory loss as well as negative diagnostic testing for cancer; the diagnosis was confirmed by positive LGI1 antibody. The patient responded favorably to treatment with IV immunoglobulin and continues to do well. Conclusion: LGI1 antibody-associated encephalitis has increasingly been recognized as a primary autoimmune disorder with good prognosis and response to treatment. ER  - 
Frontal MST for treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) has been investigated in preclinical and clinical studies in major depression. Initial studies have primarily investigated stimulation delivered to the vertex. This stimulation site is further away from important areas involved in the pathophysiology of depression. We hypothesized that MST administered over the frontal cortices would elicit effective seizures and clinical efficacy with minimal cognitive adverse effects. Methods: Patients with a moderate to severe major depressive episode in the context of major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder were enrolled. Patients were included if they had a 24 item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-24) score greater than 21. Treatment resistance was quantified using the Antidepressant Treatment History Form (ATHF). Prior to the initial treatment session the prefrontal cortices were localized using F3 and F4 on an EEG cap using the 10-20 system. All patients were treated with 100% machine intensity and treatment occurred twice or three times per week for up to 24 treatments. Three consecutive series of patients were treated using 100Hz, 50Hz and 25 Hz stimulation. Methohexital sodium with or without Remifentanyl and succinylcholine were used for anaesthesia and muscle relaxation. The primary efficacy endpoint was remission, defined as <10 on the HRSD-24 and a 60% reduction from baseline at two consecutive assessments. Comprehensive cognitive and memory assessments occurred at baseline and endpoint. Results: 68 subjects have been enrolled in this open label pilot study at the time of writing. Treatment courses ranged from 7 to 24 treatments. Remission rate were 40% across the three frequency series. Seizure quality and length was best in the 25Hz group. One missed seizure occurred in one subject. Headache and nausea were the most common adverse effects. Two patients experienced the emergence of mania and hypomania during the course of treatment. No significant worsening on any of the cognitive measures were observed at the endpoint of treatment in remitters and nonremitters. Conclusions: Prefrontal coil placement for MST may be an effective method of achieving robust clinical efficacy in treatment-resistant depression while sparing cognition. These pilot results warrant comparing prefrontal MST to ECT in a randomized clinical trial. ER  - 
The differential effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on autobiographical memory specificity$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) uses magnetic pulses to induce a focal seizure for the treatment of depression. This strategy capitalizes upon the established safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation and the robust antidepressant efficacy of seizures as induced with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). A recognized cognitive side effect of ECT is retrograde amnesia for autobiographical information. Preclinical and clinical evidence has substantiated that MST produces little to no neurocognitive adverse effects. However, no studies have compared the effects of ECT and MST on autobiographical recall, and importantly on autobiographical memory specificity. The specificity of autobiographical recall is a critical cognitive function that has been found to be a cognitive marker of depression, as well as a predictive factor for depressive relapse. Thus, the purpose of this study was to compare the effects of an index course of high-dose MST and right unilateral ultrabrief pulse width ECT on autobiographical memory recall and specificity in patients with a current major depressive episode. Methods: This was a three-center, between-subject, randomized, double-masked controlled clinical trial that compared the neurocognitive effects of high dose MST and ultra-brief pulse RUL ECT. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. The study was conducted under a US FDA IDE. Adults with a major depressive episode in the context of unipolar or bipolar depression, based on the SCID-I, were randomly assigned to treatment with MST or ECT. For MST, a Magstim Theta device with a round coil positioned on the vertex was used to administer the stimulus. Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration, and subsequent treatments were provided at maximal device output (100% maximal pulse amplitude, 100 Hz pulse frequency, 10 second train duration). For ECT, treatments were provided via standard RUL electrode configuration, 800 mA or 900mA pulse amplitude, and ultra-brief pulse width (0.3 ms). Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration and frequency. Subsequent treatments were provided at 6 × the seizure threshold. Patients were treated until they achieved remission (< 8 on the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression) or received a maximum of 14 MST or ECT sessions. To assess autobiographical memory and autobiographical memory specificity, we used the Autobiographical Memory Test (AMT). Trained neuropsychometricians, masked to treatment condition, administered the AMT before and after the acute course. The AMT produced three variables including total memories recalled, total categoric memories, and total specific memories. ANOVAs were computed for each AMT variable with treatment condition (MST, ECT) as the between-subject factor. We explored effects of covariates including study site, number of treatments, and change in depression severity. However, the covariates had no effects and were excluded from the statistical analyse. Results: In terms of change from baseline to end, patients who received MST relative to those who received ECT showed better recall of autobiographical memories (F(1,35)=4.61, p=0.04), and better autobiographical memory specificity (F(1,35)=6.25, p=0.02). Indeed, the patients in the ECT group showed a 25% decline in autobiographical recall and a 25% decline in autobiographical memory specificity. However, the patients in the MST group showed no change in recall of autobiographical memories and approximately 15% improvement in autobiographical memory specificity. Conclusions: This is the first study to provide evidence that MST has neurocognitive advantages relative to ECT, particularly with regard to recall of autobiographical information and autobiographical memory specificity. If the latter is indeed a cognitive marker of depression, then this could provide useful information regarding underlying mechanisms of the high relapse rate associated with ECT and provide an avenue to understand the antidepressant durability of MST. These findings are consistent with prior research suggesting MST to have no neurocognitive adverse effects, or cognitive enhancing effects. Research has found that autobiographical recall worsens after acute treatment with ECT, which is associated with select ECT parameters including bitemporal electrode placement, sine wave pulse width, and increased dosage. Future research is warranted to determine the underlying mechanisms of the neurocognitive improvement observed with MST, and to examine its effects on other cognitive domains. ER  - 
Treatment of electroencephalographic status epilepticus after cardiopulmonary resuscitation (TELSTAR): Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Electroencephalographic (EEG) status epilepticus is described in 10 to 35% of patients with postanoxic encephalopathy after successful cardiopulmonary resuscitation and is associated with case fatality rates of 90 to 100%. It is unclear whether these EEG patterns represent a condition to be treated with anticonvulsants to improve outcome, or an expression of severe ischemic damage, in which treatment is futile. Methods/Design: TELSTAR is a multicenter clinical trial with two parallel groups, randomized treatment allocation, open label treatment, and blinded endpoint evaluation (PROBE design). We aim to enroll 172 adult patients with postanoxic encephalopathy and electroencephalographic status epilepticus after successful cardiopulmonary resuscitation, admitted to the ICU, in whom continuous EEG monitoring is started within 24 hours after admission. Patients are randomly assigned to either medical treatment to suppress all electrographic seizure activity, or no treatment of electroencephalographic status epilepticus. Antiepileptic treatment is based on guidelines for treatment of overt status epilepticus and is started within 3 hours after the diagnosis. If status epilepticus returns during tapering of sedative medication after suppression of all epileptiform activity for 2 × 24hours, it will be considered refractory. The primary outcome measure is neurological outcome defined as the Cerebral Performance Category (CPC) score at 3 months, dichotomized into 'good' (CPC 1 to 2 = no or moderate neurological disability) and 'poor' (CPC 3 to 5 = severe disability, coma, or death). Secondary outcome measures include mortality and, for patients surviving up to 12 months, cognitive functioning, health related quality of life, and depression. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of natalizumab in multiple sclerosis: Interim observational programme results$$$ Background: Clinical trials established the efficacy and safety of natalizumab. Data are needed over longer periods of time and in the clinical practice setting. Objective: To evaluate long-term safety of natalizumab and its impact on annualised relapse rate and Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) progression in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). Methods: The Tysabri (natalizumab) Observational Program (TOP) is an open-label, multinational, 10-year prospective study in clinical practice settings. Results: In this 5-year interim analysis, 4821 patients were enrolled. Follow-up for at least 4 years from natalizumab commencement in 468 patients and at least 2 years in 2496 patients revealed no new safety signals. There were 18 cases of progressive multifocal leucoencephalopathy reported, following 11-44 natalizumab infusions. Mean annualised relapse rate decreased from 1.99 in the 12 months prior to baseline to 0.31 on natalizumab therapy (p<0.0001), remaining low at 5 years. Lower annualised relapse rates were observed in patients who used natalizumab as first MS therapy, in patients with lower baseline EDSS scores, and in patients with lower prenatalizumab relapse rates. Mean EDSS scores remained unchanged up to 5 years. Conclusions: Interim TOP data confi rm natalizumab's overall safety profile and the low relapse rate and stabilised disability levels in natalizumab-treated patients with RRMS in clinical practice. Trial registration number: NCT00493298. ER  - 
Acute liver failure after valproate exposure in patients with POLG1 mutations and the prognosis after liver transplantation$$$ Patients with mutations in the POLG1 gene encoding mitochondrial DNA polymerase gamma have an increased risk of valproate-induced liver failure. POLG1 mutations are common, and these patients often suffer from intractable seizures. The role of liver transplantation in the treatment of patients with mitochondrial diseases has been controversial. We studied valproate-induced liver failure associated with POLG1 mutations and the prognosis for these patients after liver transplantation. POLG1 was analyzed in blood DNA, mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) was quantified in liver samples, and clinical data were collected. Five patients with valproate-induced liver failure associated with POLG1 mutations were retrospectively identified. Three patients were previously suspected to have Wilson's disease. Four patients with homozygous p.W748S and p.E1143G mutations had mtDNA depletion in the liver. One of these patients died before anticipated transplantation; the other 3 patients with liver transplantation have survived 4 to 19 years. Two patients have presented with occasional epileptic seizures, and 1 patient has been seizure-free for 11 years. One patient with a heterozygous p.Q1236H mutation (but without mtDNA depletion in the liver) died suddenly 2 years after liver transplantation. In conclusion, the POLG1 mutation status and the age at presentation of valproate-induced liver failure can affect the prognosis after liver transplantation. A heterozygous POLG1 p.Q1236H mutation was related to valproate-induced liver failure without mtDNA depletion, whereas patients homozygous for POLG1 p.W748S and p.E1143G mutations had mtDNA depletion. An analysis of the POLG1 gene should be performed for all patients with suspected mitochondrial disease before the introduction of valproate therapy, and treatment with valproic acid should be avoided in these patients. ER  - 
Association of certain chronic maternal diseases with the risk of specific congenital heart defects: A population-based study$$$ Objective Previous epidemiological studies have evaluated cases with all congenital heart defects (CHDs), rather than analysing different types of CHD. The objective of this study was to evaluate the possible association of certain chronic maternal diseases with the risk of different types of CHD, because the role of possible environmental factors in the origin of CHDs is unclear in the vast majority of patients. Study design Different types of CHD, diagnosed after lethal outcome (autopsy report) or after surgical intervention (catheter or correction), were evaluated in order to estimate the possible role of chronic maternal diseases in their origin. This analysis was based on the rates of medically recorded chronic maternal diseases in 3562 live-born cases with CHDs, 38,151 population controls without any birth defects, and 16,602 malformed controls with other isolated congenital abnormalities, using the data set of the population-based Hungarian Case-Control Surveillance of Congenital Abnormalities (1980-1996). Results Maternal epilepsy treated with carbamazepine and migraine were found to be associated with higher risk of ventricular septal defect; panic disorders were associated with higher risk of hypoplastic left heart; type I diabetes mellitus was associated with higher risk of coarctation of the aorta; chronic hypertension was associated with higher risk of ventricular septal defect, common atrioventricular canal and common truncus; and paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia was associated with higher risk of atrial septal defect secundum, common atrioventricular canal and ventricular septal defect. Conclusion In conclusion, certain chronic maternal diseases were found to be associated with higher risk of specific CHDs. Appropriate treatment of these diseases may help to prevent these CHDs. ER  - 
Mucin 1-specific active cancer immunotherapy with tecemotide (L-BLP25) in patients with multiple myeloma: An exploratory study$$$ Patients (n = 34) with previously untreated, slowly progressive asymptomatic stage I/II multiple myeloma or with stage II/III multiple myeloma in stable response/plateau phase following conventional anti-tumor therapy were immunized repeatedly with the antigen-specific cancer immunotherapeutic agent tecemotide (L-BLP25). Additionally, patients were randomly allocated to either single or multiple low doses of cyclophosphamide to inhibit regulatory T cells (Treg). Immunization with tecemotide resulted in the induction/augmentation of a mucin 1-specific immune response in 47% of patients. The immune responses appeared to involve a Th1-like cellular immune response involving CD4 and CD8 T cells. The rate of immune responses was similar with single versus multiple dosing of cyclophosphamide and in patients with vs. without pre-existing mucin 1 immunity. On-treatment reductions in the slope of M-protein concentration over time (but not fulfilling clinical criteria for responses with conventional anti-tumor agents) were observed in 45% of evaluable patients, predominantly in those without versus with pre-existing mucin 1 immunity and in patients with early stage disease. No differences were seen in patients receiving single or multiple cyclophosphamide dosing. Treatment with tecemotide was generally well tolerated. Repeated vs. single dosing of cyclophosphamide had no impact on Treg numbers and was stopped after a case of fatal encephalitis that was assessed as possibly study-related. Tecemotide immunotherapy induces mucin 1-specific cellular immune responses in a substantial proportion of patients, with preliminary evidence of changes in the M-protein concentration time curve in a subset of patients. ER  - 
Katayama et al: Therapeutic Window of Lamotrigine for Mood Disorders: A Naturalistic Retrospective Study. Pharmacopsychiatry 2014$$$ 47: 111-114; Katayama and colleagues proposed in their article a therapeutic window for lamotrigine in affective disorders between 5 and 11μg/mL. Despite potential differences in lamotrigine metabolism, the results of their retrospective study in a Japanese population match nicely with what we have previously reported in a Caucasian population with rapid cycling bipolar disorder. It is suggested that not only in epilepsy, but also in mood-disordered patients clinicians should rather consider lamotrigine plasma levels than dosage when in doubt about the efficacy of treatment. ER  - 
Clozapine-induced seizures, electroencephalography abnormalities, and clinical responses in Japanese patients with schizophrenia$$$ Purpose: We describe electroencephalography (EEG) abnormalities and seizures associated with clozapine treatment in Japanese patients with schizophrenia and retrospectively compare EEG results and total Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS [T]) scores before and after treatment. Methods: Twenty-six patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia were enrolled in this study. EEG measurements were obtained prior to clozapine treatment and every 4 weeks thereafter. EEG measurements were also obtained at the time of seizure. After seizures or EEG abnormalities were noted, additional EEGs were performed every 2 weeks. PANSS (T) scores were used to determine clozapine treatment outcome. Results: All 26 patients had normal baseline EEG measurements, and ten patients (38.5%) later manifested EEG abnormalities. The mean age was significantly lower than in the abnormal EEG group. Six patients (23.1%) experienced seizures. The mean dose of clozapine at the first occurrence of seizure was 383.3 mg/day. Five of six patients who experienced seizures in this study were successfully treated with valproate or lamotrigine without discontinuation of clozapine. The one patient who continued to experience seizures was successfully treated without antiepileptic drugs. The mean baseline PANSS (T) scores were not significantly different between the normal and abnormal EEG groups, but the mean score in the abnormal EEG group was significantly lower than that in the normal EEG group at the final follow-up (P=0.02). Conclusion: EEG abnormalities may appear in younger patients, and our findings indicate that there is no need to discontinue clozapine when seizures occur. EEG abnormalities that appeared after clozapine treatment were associated with a good clinical response. ER  - 
Does parent of origin matter? Methylation studies should be performed on patients with multiple copies of the prader-willi/angelman syndrome critical region$$$ Deletion of 15q11.2-q13 results in either Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) or Angelman syndrome (AS) depending on the parent of origin. Duplication of the PWS/AS critical region(PWASCR) has also been reported in association with developmental delay and autism, and it has been shown that they also show a parent-oforigin effect. It is generally accepted that maternal duplications are pathogenic. However, there is conflicting evidence as to the pathogenicity of paternal duplications. We have identified 35 patients with gain of the PWASCR using array comparative genomic hybridization. Methylation testing was performed to determine parent of origin of the extra copies. Of the 35 cases, 22 had a supernumerary marker chromosome 15 (SMC15), 12 had a tandem duplication, and 1 had a tandem triplication. Only one patient had a paternal duplication; this patient does not have features typical of patients with maternal duplication of the PWASCR. Three of the mothers had a tandem duplication (two were paternal and one was maternal origin). While one of the two mothers with paternal duplication was noted not to have autism, the other was noted to have learning disability and depression. Based on our data, we conclude that SMC15 are almost exclusively maternal in origin and result in an abnormal phenotype. Tandem duplications/triplications are generally of maternal origin when ascertained on the basis of abnormal phenotype; however, tandem duplications of paternal origin have also been identified. Therefore, we suggest that methylation testing be performed for cases of tandem duplications/triplications since the pathogenicity of paternal gains is uncertain. ER  - 
Mitochondrial DNA damage is associated with damage accrual and disease duration in patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus$$$ Objective: To determine the extent of mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) damage in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients compared to healthy subjects and to determine the factors associated with mtDNA damage among SLE patients. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed in 86 SLE patients (per American College of Rheumatology classification criteria) and 86 healthy individuals matched for age and gender. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were collected from subjects to assess the relative amounts of mtDNA damage. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction assay was used to measure the frequency of mtDNA lesions and mtDNA abundance. Socioeconomic-demographic features, clinical manifestations, pharmacologic treatment, disease activity, and damage accrual were determined. Statistical analyses were performed using t test, pairwise correlation, and Pearson's chi-square test (or Fisher's exact test) as appropriate. Results: Among SLE patients, 93.0% were women. The mean (SD) age was 38.0 (10.4) years and the mean (SD) disease duration was 8.7 (7.5) years. SLE patients exhibited increased levels of mtDNA damage as shown by higher levels of mtDNA lesions and decreased mtDNA abundance as compared to healthy individuals. There was a negative correlation between disease damage and mtDNA abundance and a positive correlation between mtDNA lesions and disease duration. No association was found between disease activity and mtDNA damage. Conclusion: PBMCs from SLE patients exhibited more mtDNA damage compared to healthy subjects. Higher levels of mtDNA damage were observed among SLE patients with major organ involvement and damage accrual. These results suggest that mtDNA damage have a potential role in the pathogenesis of SLE. ER  - 
Cognitive and behaviour dysfunction of children with neurocysticercosis: A cross-sectional study$$$ Eighty-three confirmed cases of neurocysticercosis diagnosed as per modified delBrutto criteria were enrolled in the study (Group-I) to observe cognitive and behavioural changes. Controls consisted of two groups: children with idiopathic generalized tonic-clonic seizure (Group-II) and normal children with non-specific cough (Group-III). Cases and controls were subjected to cognitive and behaviour assessment. There was significant difference in the intelligence quotient (IQ) of cases in domains of visual perception, immediate recall, analysis synthesis and reasoning, verbal ability, memory and spatial ability. In the age group of 6-18 years, cases had significantly more behaviour problems than control without seizure, in domains of anxious depressed, withdrawn depressed, somatic problems, social problems and rule-breaking behaviour. Neurocysticercosis causes decline in cognitive function and behaviours in older children, which should be recognized early for appropriate management and to avoid undue parental anxiety. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric and seizure outcomes in nonparaneoplastic autoimmune limbic encephalitis$$$ INTRODUCTION: Autoimmune limbic encephalitis is an inflammatory condition often associated with an underlying neoplasm. However, a subset of patients does not have an underlying tumor and have a nonparaneoplastic form of this condition. The focus in the literature has been on the acute phase of this illness, but long-term follow-up is lacking. METHODS: A retrospective chart review, over a period of 15 years, of patients carrying a diagnosis of encephalitis was performed. Inclusion criteria included a clinical presentation consistent with limbic encephalitis (subacute behavioral change, seizures, or anterograde memory decline) and an identifiable autoantibody, inflammatory CSF (>5 white blood cells/mm(3)), or limbic hyperintensities on MRI. Readmission rates and long-term psychiatric, psychosocial, and seizure outcomes were evaluated. RESULTS: A total of 16 patients were identified. Clinical presentation included new-onset seizures in 14 (88%), behavioral changes in 7 (44%), and memory decline in 5 (31%). Four (25%) patients presented with status epilepticus. Five patients had antibodies against NMDAR (N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor) and four against VGKC (voltage gated potassium channel) complex. An inflammatory CSF was noted in 7 (44%) and MRI changes in 9 (56%). Four were readmitted during the follow-up period. Around half the patients continued to have medically drug/treatment-refractory seizures, while 7 (44%) had a new psychiatric diagnosis (mood disorder, anxiety disorder, or impulse control disorder). The majority of the patients continued to reside at home, while 43% of previously employed patients lost employment. CONCLUSION: Nonparaneoplastic autoimmune limbic encephalitis is a neuropsychiatric condition presenting with a combination of seizures (sometimes status epilepticus), behavioral changes, and memory decline. After the acute phase, patients are at risk of readmissions, medically refractory seizures, chronic mood and anxiety disorders, and loss of employment. ER  - 
Oral oxycodone plus intravenous acetaminophen versus intravenous morphine sulfate in acute bone fracture pain control: a double-blind placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: Bone fracture is a common cause of acute pain in emergency and orthopedics departments. Targeting the multifaceted mechanisms of pain with combinations of multiple analgesics (multimodal analgesia) can increase the pain control efforts efficacy and decrease the adverse effects of each medication. Methods: One hundred and fifty-three patients with acute bone fracture were randomly allocated to two groups receiving intravenous morphine sulfate (74 patients) or oral oxycodone plus intravenous acetaminophen (79 patients). Pain scores and drugs’ adverse effects were assessed 10, 30 and 60 min after treatment. Results: Pain scores were similar between groups before, 30 and 60 min after medication but patients in morphine sulfate group experienced less pain 10 min after medication. Eight (10.8 %) patients in morphine sulfate group and 26 (32.9 %) patients in acetaminophen/oxycodone group experienced nausea that was statistically significant higher (P value = 0.001). Itching was seen in 12 (15.1 %) patients of acetaminophen/oxycodone group and three (4.0 %) patients of patients in morphine sulfate group (P value = 0.02). Conclusion: Intravenous acetaminophen plus oral oxycodone is as effective as intravenous morphine sulfate in acute pain control in emergency department but with a less desirable safety profile. ER  - 
Community Based Survey on Psychiatric Morbidity in Eastern Nepal$$$ INTRODUCTION: Mental health problem is common and ubiquitous. Mental illness cuts across all sections of society, irrespective of socio-economic status. Recent international survey showed a varying prevalence rates ranged (4.7%- 12.0%). The Community study in Nepal yielded prevalence rate of mental illness at 14.0%. METHODS: This is a descriptive, epidemiologic study with systematic randomization sampling. RESULTS: Of 911 respondents majority was married (76.1%), of age group 20-59 yrs. Overall, 113 (12.4%) respondents had at least one psychiatric disorder and the commonest were: Depression, Anxiety disorders, Alcohol use disorders with 1.9% had seizure/epilepsy. CONCLUSIONS: Community prevalence rate of some common psychiatric disorders is high which calls for special attention to address depressive and alcohol related disorder from all quarters of society particularly from government. ER  - 
Testing the robustness of background knowledge confounder selection in a case-control study$$$ Background: Logistic regression models are used to adjust odds ratios (ORs) of an outcome associated with an exposure, to control for the effect of confounding variables. However, a long list of confounder candidates may comprise nuisance variables that could dilute exposure effects. Objectives: In a reference study (REF), adjustment for confounders based on clinical knowledge removed a crude effect (OR = 1.36 [95% CI, 1.08; 1.69]) of incretin use on the risk of acute pancreatitis (Thomsen et al., submitted). In the present analysis we examined whether other criteria for confounder selection would lead to different conclusions. Methods: The analysis was carried out as an age-, gender- and residence-matched (1:10) population-based case-control study (12,868 pancreatitis cases and 128,680 controls subjects). In REF, 11 confounders were examined: intake of lipid-lowering drug, oral glucocorticoid, azathioprine, anti-epileptics and nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug, together with level of Charlson's Comorbidity Index (CCI) score and any history of obesity, alcoholism, cancer, inflammatory bowel and gallstone disease. We compared the ORs of acute pancreatitis associated with incretin use in REF with ORs obtained from four alternative models with confounder selection according to statistical criteria: Akaike Information Criterion (AIC), Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC), Change In Estimate (CIE), and Stepwise Regression with Backward Elimination (SB). Results: The AIC model and the REF model comprised the same variables. The most radical exclusion of variables emerged from the CIE model, which retained only obesity and CCI score. Nevertheless, the adjusted OR of incretin use changed only slightly using the CIE model: 0.97 [95% CI, 0.77; 1.22] compared to 0.95 [95% CI, 0.75; 1.21] in REF, suggesting that most candidate confounders did not further affect the association between incretin use and occurrence of pancreatitis. Shrinkage of regression coefficients did not change the OR or its precision. Conclusions: Criteria for confounder selection other than clinical knowledge did not change the conclusion of REF, although the REF model probably included some redundant confounders. ER  - 
Neurocognitive subtypes in patients with schizophrenia and their associated clinical features$$$ Background: The vast majority of patients with schizophrenia have cognitive deficits. As neuropsychological variables are more suitable for empirical research (e.a. as endophenotypes) several groups have proposed the neurocognitive subtyping of schizophrenia [1]. Once identified, these neurocognitive subtypes would permit to examine their relationships with clinical and non-clinical variables, in order to improve diagnostic accuracy, prognosis and treatment [2]. Objective: To identify empirically-based neurocognitive subtypes in patients with chronic schizophrenia and determine its association with clinical characteristics. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study that is part of a larger research on neuropsychological endophenotypes in schizophrenia. The sample consists of 253 subjects with schizophrenia. Inclusion criteria were: age 18 to 65 years old, diagnosis of schizophrenia according to DSM-IV-TR [3] and clinical stability during the last month. Patients with hospitalization in the last month and some characteristics that could impede realization of tests or alter their results, such as illiteracy, visual or hearing disabilities, use of benzodiazepines in the past month, use of psychoactive substances (except nicotine) in the past six months, electro convulsive therapy in the past six months, significant traumatic brain injury (loss of consciousness for more than 15 minutes or neurological squeals) or neurological diseases such as epilepsy, dementia, mental retardation or other neurodegenerative disorders were excluded. Patients were assessed using neuropsychological tests for sustained attention, executive function, facial emotion recognition, verbal learning and working memory. In order to identify the neurocognitive subtypes of schizophrenia, a latent class analysis was performed using Latent Gold 4.5 statistical program. Once neurocognitive subtypes were identified their association with clinical characteristics was examined. Results: We identified four neurocognitive subtypes: (a) Global Cognitive Deficit; (b) Memory and Executive Function Deficit; (c) Memory and Facial Emotion Recognition Deficit; and (d) A group Without Cognitive Deficit. Patients with the subtypes 'Memory and Executive Function Deficit' and 'Global Cognitive Deficit' had a higher frequency of male sex, unemployment, severe impairment, and good adherence to treatment than the patients with the subtype 'Without Cognitive Deficit'. Patients with the 'Global Cognitive Deficit' subtype had a lower frequency of past major depressive episodes (OR 0.39; 95% CI: 0.16 to 0.97) and suicide attempts. The patients with 'Memory and Facial Recognition Deficit' had a higher probability of severe impairment (OR 5.52; 95% CI: 1.89 to 16.14) and of being unemployed (OR 2.43; 95% CI: 1.06 to 5.55), but also a lower probability of past depressive episodes (OR 0.21; 95% CI: 0.07 to 0.66). Patients without cognitive impairment had a history of increased affective symptomatology. Conclusion: Our results suggest the existence of a spectrum of cognitive impairment in subjects with schizophrenia, which is divided into four neurocognitive subtypes according to the degree and type of commitment, which in turn are related to factors of functional impairment, severity and affective symptomatology. Using neuropsychological characteristics can provide valuable information for improving classification, course assessment and treatment of schizophrenia [3]. ER  - 
Long-term efficacy and safety of pulse cyclophosphamide for neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus: A two-centre experience$$$ Background/Purpose: Cyclophosphamide (CYC) is often used in severe neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus. However, data on its use rely on small case series and a single randomized controlled trial with a limited number of patients and short follow-up. Methods: SLE patients with active neuropsychiatric involvement from two tertiary European centers, who received CYC during the past 15 years and had regular follow-up were identified. Outcome at most recent follow-up visit (Likert scale from 1: remission to 6: worsening) and recurrences of the neuropsychiatric manifestation were assessed. Long-term complications of CYC therapy were also documented, with a focus on malignancies and severe infections. Results: CYC was administered in 44 non-thrombotic neuropsychiatric events experienced by 43 patients (Table 1). Median age at NPSLE occurrence was 45 years (range 14-68 years), time lag from SLE onset was 1 year (range 0-7 years), and positivity for antiphospholipid antibodies was 42.9%. Most common indications were psychosis (9 cases), stroke (6 cases) and myelopathy, seizure disorder and polyneuropathy (5 cases each). In 95% of cases, CYC was administered as monthly intravenous pulses (the remaining 5% received oral CYC) and was chosen as first line immunosuppressive therapy in 36/44 events (81.8%). In the remaining 8 cases, CYC was used as second-line after non-response to other immunosuppressants [azathioprine (AZA) in 7/8 and steroid monotherapy in 1/8)]. The median number of CYC pulses was 8 (range 2-18) with a median cumulative dose of CYC of 7.1 gr (range 2-27 gr). After a median follow-up of 40.0 months (range 1-173), 85.4% of events had favorable outcome (Likert score <4, indicating at least moderate improvement from baseline). Recurrences of the neuropsychiatric manifestation occurred in 13.2% of events. No difference in outcome was observed when CYC was given as first or second line therapy. A total of 4 events (stroke, aseptic meningitis, myelopathy and psychosis) did not respond to CYC and were treated with rituximab as rescue therapy. In cases that responded to CYC after the induction phase, maintenance therapy consisted of AZA in 73.7%, bimonthly and quarterly pulses of CY in 21.0%, and mycophenolate mofetil in 5.3%. No malignancies were observed in our cohort, yet there were two cases of severe infections (one HBV reactivation and one fatal case of disseminated tuberculosis). Conclusion: In a large case-series with long follow-up, cyclophosphamide was effective for severe non-thrombotic NPSLE but vigilant monitoring for infections is warranted. (Table presented) . ER  - 
Modulation of the GABAergic pathway for the treatment of fragile X syndrome$$$ Fragile X syndrome (FXS) is the most common genetic cause of intellectual disability and the most common single-gene cause of autism. It is caused by mutations on the fragile X mental retardation gene (FMR1) and lack of fragile X mental retardation protein, which in turn, leads to decreased inhibition of translation of many synaptic proteins. The metabotropic glutamate receptor (mGluR) hypothesis states that the neurological defcits in individuals with FXS are due mainly to downstream consequences of overstimulation of the mGluR pathway. The main efforts have focused on mGluR5 targeted treatments; however, investigation on the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) system and its potential as a targeted treatment is less emphasized. The fragile X mouse models (Fmr1-knock out) show decreased GABA subunit receptors, decreased synthesis of GABA, increased catabolism of GABA, and overall decreased GABAergic input in many regions of the brain. Consequences of the reduced GABAergic input in FXS include oversensitivity to sensory stimuli, seizures, and anxiety. Deficits in the GABA receptors in different regions of the brain are associated with behavioral and attentional processing deficits linked to anxiety and autistic behaviors. The understanding of the neurobiology of FXS has led to the development of targeted treatments for the core behavioral features of FXS, which include social deficits, inattention, and anxiety. These symptoms are also observed in individuals with autism and other neurodevelopmental disorders, therefore the targeted treatments for FXS are leading the way in the treatment of other neurodevelopmental syndromes and autism. The GABAergic system in FXS represents a target for new treatments. Herein, we discuss the animal and human trials of GABAergic treatment in FXS. Arbaclofen and ganaxolone have been used in individuals with FXS. Other potential GABAergic treatments, such as riluzole, gaboxadol, tiagabine, and vigabatrin, will be also discussed. Further studies are needed to determine the safety and efficacy of GABAergic treatments for FXS. ER  - 
Deep brain stimulation of the basolateral amygdala for treatment-refractory combat post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD): Study protocol for a pilot randomized controlled trial with blinded, staggered onset of stimulation$$$ Background: Combat post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) involves significant suffering, impairments in social and occupational functioning, substance use and medical comorbidity, and increased mortality from suicide and other causes. Many veterans continue to suffer despite current treatments. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has shown promise in refractory movement disorders, depression and obsessive-compulsive disorder, with deep brain targets chosen by integration of clinical and neuroimaging literature. The basolateral amygdala (BLn) is an optimal target for high-frequency DBS in PTSD based on neurocircuitry findings from a variety of perspectives. DBS of the BLn was validated in a rat model of PTSD by our group, and limited data from humans support the potential safety and effectiveness of BLn DBS.Methods/Design: We describe the protocol design for a first-ever Phase I pilot study of bilateral BLn high-frequency DBS for six severely ill, functionally impaired combat veterans with PTSD refractory to conventional treatments. After implantation, patients are monitored for a month with stimulators off. An electroencephalographic (EEG) telemetry session will test safety of stimulation before randomization to staggered-onset, double-blind sham versus active stimulation for two months. Thereafter, patients will undergo an open-label stimulation for a total of 24 months. Primary efficacy outcome is a 30% decrease in the Clinician Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS) total score. Safety outcomes include extensive assessments of psychiatric and neurologic symptoms, psychosocial function, amygdala-specific and general neuropsychological functions, and EEG changes. The protocol requires the veteran to have a cohabiting significant other who is willing to assist in monitoring safety and effect on social functioning. At baseline and after approximately one year of stimulation, trauma script-provoked 18FDG PET metabolic changes in limbic circuitry will also be evaluated.Discussion: While the rationale for studying DBS for PTSD is ethically and scientifically justified, the importance of the amygdaloid complex and its connections for a myriad of emotional, perceptual, behavioral, and vegetative functions requires a complex trial design in terms of outcome measures. Knowledge generated from this pilot trial can be used to design future studies to determine the potential of DBS to benefit both veterans and nonveterans suffering from treatment-refractory PTSD. ER  - 
Is depression associated with an increased risk of treatment-resistant epilepsy? Research strategies to investigate this question$$$ Persons with epilepsy (PWE) have a higher risk of developing depressive disorders (DDs), and people with primary DD have an increased risk of developing epilepsy. Furthermore, a lifetime history of DD has been associated with a worse response of the seizure disorder to pharmacotherapy and epilepsy surgery. The first part of this article reviews the literature of this problem with the intention of highlighting the neurobiologic pathogenic mechanisms operant in DD with a potential to facilitate the epileptogenic process and/or cortical hyperexcitability in humans and experimental animal studies of depression. They include the following: (i) a hyperactive hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and the associated structural and functional abnormalities of limbic structures, (ii) increased glutamatergic activity and decreased GABAergic and serotonergic activity, and (iii) immunologic disturbances. In the second part of this article, we suggest research strategies to test the hypothesis of whether depression worsens the course of epilepsy and identify the pathogenic mechanisms operant in this process. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "NEWroscience 2013". ER  - 
Increase of peripheral T regulatory cells during remission induction with cyclophosphamide in active systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Background: Cyclophosphamide efficacy in lupus nephritis (LN) and neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) is probably mediated by a non-specific ablation of reactive lymphocytes. However, little is known in regard to its effect on T regulatory cells (Tregs) in such patients, which was the aim of this study. Patients and Methods: Ten Caucasian lupus patients were included, six with LN classes IV-V (mean age 33.8 ± 8.8 years) and four with NPSLE (mean age 35.5 ± 8.8 years, clinical manifestations: 1/4 acute confusional state, 1/4 psychosis, 2/4 refractory seizures). Cyclophosphamide was administered at monthly pulses (500 mg/m2/month for 6 months); doses of other administered drugs, including steroids, remained stable or lower. CD4+CD25highFOXP3+ Tregs were assessed by flow-cytometry at baseline and before every subsequent pulse and 3-6 months after the final pulse. Disease activity was assessed by SLE Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI). Results: In LN patients, Tregs were significantly increased even after the fourth pulse (0.54 ± 0.20% vs. 1.24 ± 0.29%, P < 0.001). Likewise, in NPSLE, Tregs were significantly expanded after the fourth pulse (0.57 ± 0.23% vs. 1.41 ± 0.28%, P < 0.001). SLEDAI was significantly reduced in all patients. Conclusions: Cyclophosphamide pulse therapy was associated with a significant increase of the CD4+CD25highFOXP3+ Tregs in patients with active LN and NPSLE. This effect is probably indirect and may partially explain the beneficial role of cyclophosphamide in such cases. ER  - 
Associated morbidity of pediatric ptosis — a large, community based case–control study$$$ Purpose: To report the incidence, demographics, and associations of various conditions among patients with pediatric ptosis. Methods: A retrospective, observational case–control study of patients (birth–18 years; n = 2,408) diagnosed with pediatric ptosis in 1/2003–12/2012. Age- and gender-matched control patients (n = 9,632) were randomly selected from the district members. Medical and socio-demographic information were extracted from electronic medical records. Results: The average age of diagnosis was 5.6 years, and 1,325 (54 %) were male, with an incidence of 19.9/100,000. Systemic conditions significantly associated with pediatric ptosis include myasthenia gravis, congenital anomalies, deafness, mental retardation, muscular dystrophy, neurological diseases, epilepsy, schizophrenia, and malignancy. Ophthalmic conditions associated with pediatric ptosis include exotropia, progressive external ophthalmoplegia, hypotropia, esotropia, hyperopia, vertical heterophoria, intermitent esotropia, astigmatism, retinopathy, internuclear ophthalmoplegia, and myopia. Symptoms of diplopia, blurred vision, and aniseikonia were significantly more common. Conclusion: Pediatric ptosis is associated with various systemic and ophthalmic conditions, and many are diagnosed after the age of 5 years. Clinicians should maintain a high degree of suspicion and thoroughly evaluate all patients with pediatric ptosis to properly assess underlying systemic associations. A better understanding of the patho-physiological association between these factors and pediatric ptosis may help its prevention and treatment. ER  - 
Record-linkage studies of the coexistence of epilepsy and bipolar disorder$$$ PURPOSE: Interest is growing in a possible link between epilepsy and bipolar disorder (BPD). We used two large datasets of hospital admission data to determine whether epilepsy and BPD occur together in the same individuals more commonly than expected. METHODS: We undertook retrospective cohort studies using the Oxford Record Linkage Study (ORLS) and English national linked Hospital Episode Statistics. We constructed a cohort of people in each dataset admitted with epilepsy (without prior admission for BPD), and a control cohort (without prior admission for BPD), and compared their subsequent admission rates for BPD. Conversely, we constructed a cohort of people in each dataset admitted with BPD and a control cohort (both without prior admission for epilepsy), and compared their subsequent admission rates for epilepsy. RESULTS: In the epilepsy cohort, compared with the control cohort, the rate ratio (RR) for BPD was significantly high at 3.0 (95 % confidence interval 1.7-5.1) in the ORLS and 3.6 (3.3-3.9) in the all-England dataset. In the BPD cohort, the RR for epilepsy was 2.2 (1.2-3.7) in the ORLS and 4.2 (4.0-4.4) in the all-England cohort. We found no significant differences between RRs for males and females. CONCLUSIONS: Epilepsy and BPD occur together in individuals more frequently than expected by chance. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy in youth in a tertiary academic center: An 11-year experience$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and effective treatment for adults but rarely used in youth. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess indications, effectiveness, and safety of ECT in a pediatric patient cohort treated at a psychiatric hospital. Methods: A retrospective chart review of youth aged younger than 19 years treated with immediate ECT between 2000 and 2011 was performed. Response was defined by documented substantial symptom reduction, minor residual symptoms, and increased GAF score, whereas remission was defined as no residual symptoms. Results: Forty-six youth (mean age, 17.1 ± 1.7 years; range, 13.02-19.97) with an average duration of illness 36.2 ± 27.3 months received ECT; 76.2% had history of psychiatric hospitalizations, and 18.2% previously underwent ECT. The most common diagnosis was unipolar depression (27.9%) followed by schizophrenia/schizophreniform disorder (25.6%), psychosis NOS (16.3%), schizoaffective disorder (9.3%), bipolar depression (7.0%), bipolar mania (7.0%), andOCD(2.3%). Patients received amedian number of 8 (IQR, 6-14.3) bifrontal ECT treatments. Of 81.4% responders, 40% remitted fully. Response rate was significantly higher for unipolar (100%) and bipolar depression (100%) than other diagnoses (P = 0.036). The response rates for the other diagnoses were as follows: schizophrenia/schizophreniform disorder, 81.8%; psychosis NOS, 85.7%; and schizoaffective disorder, 75%. Treatments were well tolerated. Cognitive function, measured by a 10-point scale, improved by 8.5 (IQR, 7Y10) to 9 (IQR, 9Y10) points. Adverse events included prolonged seizure (27.3%) postictal agitation (18.2%), headache (11.4%), tachycardia, and nausea (6.8% each). Conclusions: In our youth sample, ECTwas safe and effective, particularly in those with depression and primary psychotic disorders. Controlled trials are needed to elucidate long-term benefits and risks of ECT in youth. ER  - 
Quality of life in patients with epilepsy and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in a colombian neurological centre$$$ Objective: To illustrate the results of the qualityof- life survey QOLIE-31-P applied to patients with epilepsy, psicogenic non epileptic seizures (PNES) and both. Methods: A cross-sectional study that included 50 patients in which video-EEG monitoring was done and completed the QOLIE-31-P survey, validated in Spanish. Patients were classified in three groups: 1 epilepsy (20), 2 PNES (20) and 3 epilepsy + PNES (10), comparatively analyzing clinical and demographic characteristics and the overall results of the survey. Results: Patients included in the analysis included 33 women (66%) with a mean age of 43.92 years (SD=13.69), of whom 28 met pharmacoresistant epilepsy criteria. When comparing groups 1, 2 and 3, we found that 5 (25%), 12 (60%) and 7 (70%), respectively, had history of a mental disorder, being group 2 the less economically productive (35%). In regards to the results of the QOLIE-31-P survey, the worst medium total score of quality of life was obtained by group 3 with 41.42 points (SD=16.19), followed by group 2 with 42.68 points (SD=15.26); group 1 reported the best quality of life with 53.86 points (SD=12.30). Whencomparingmeanscores from group 1 with those from groups 2 and 3 grouped, a significant differencewas found (Student's t-test equal variance =-2.844, p=0.007). Conclusions: Having PNES associated or not with epilepsy, seems to affect quality of life more than the fact of having isolated epilepsy; therefore, early neuropsychiatric intervention would positively impact the integral management of these patients. ER  - 
Experience in epilepsy surgery and Lacosamide use in an Epilepsy Center of Excellence$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of maximumdoses of Lacosamide as single therapy, in patients who underwent surgery at Center of Excellence in Epilepsy from Hospital Occidente de Kennedy. Methods: A retrospective study was carried out, through medical history revision. Twenty-eight operated patients were included, who underwent surgery either for cortical electrodes placement or epilepsy surgery, between the years 2013 and 2014. In the immediate postoperatory state, intravenous impregnation with lacosamidewas performed, followed by oral treatment with doses of 200 mg/day, according to tolerance. Efficacy and safety variables were evaluated. Results: 57.14% of patients were men, with a mean age of 29 years. 10.71% underwent electrocorticography, temporal lobectomy was performed to 82.14%, 3.57% underwent frontal lobectomy, and 3.57% underwent occipital lobectomy. Very good results were obtained in the total of operated patients, with Engel classification IA-IB in the follow-up. A change from multiple therapy to monotherapy was achieved, since patients who previously used two or three anticonvulsant drugs, started using lacosamide as single therapy. No signs of flebitis or fever associated to lacosamide administration were reported. One case of visual hallucinations, which resolved after reducing the dose of the medication was reported, and two patients reported tremor. None of the adverse effects lead to the suspension of the drug. Conclusions: Lacosamide demonstrated to be safe and efficacious in the postoperatory management of patients from the Epilepsy surgery program at Hospital Occidente de Kennedy. Further clinical trials should be performed to confirm the hypothesis. ER  - 
Dissociative experiences in epilepsy - A neuropathological and sociodemographic study in a Chinese population$$$ Background: It is well known that dissociative experiences coexist with various epilepsy syndromes. However, the prevalence of dissociative experiences in different subtypes of epilepsy remains unknown. This is especially important because of the current prevalent view that the etiology of dissociation in seizures is neurobiological rather than psychosocial. The amygdala especially has been implicated in such dissociative features of epilepsy. This would indirectly imply that the patients with CPS have higher prevalence of dissociative symptoms compared with those with GTCS. Methodology: We studied and compared the dissociative experiences as well as the depression and anxiety levels between 24 patients suffering from temporal lobe epilepsy and 26 patients suffering from generalized tonic-clonic seizures. We used the Dissociative Experiences Scale to evaluate the dissociative experiences. A third group of healthy individuals was included as the control group. The statistical significance was fixed at 0.05. Results: There were significant differences between the scores of DES-II of the healthy individuals and those of patients with epilepsy. However, there were no significant differences between the DES scores of different patients with epilepsy categorized according to neuropathology. There were also no significant differences between HAM-A and HAM-D scores between groups with epilepsy, but the scores were higher than those of the healthy individuals. There were significant differences between the DES scores in different sociodemographic groups such that higher scores were observed in groups with lower education (p. &#60;. 0.05). In addition, the scores on DES were higher in individuals with low socioeconomic status than in those with high socioeconomic status. Conclusion: The patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and those with generalized tonic-clonic seizures have similar dissociative experiences which are both more than those found in individuals without epilepsy. However, these dissociative experiences may not be related to the neuropathological parameters as much as they are to the sociodemographic parameters like education, age, socioeconomic status, and sex. This shows that the psychopathology of dissociation in epilepsy is similar to that of the general population. ER  - 
Natural course of LGI1 encephalitis: 3-5 years of follow-up without immunotherapy$$$ Antibodies against LGI1 (leucin-rich glioma-inactivated 1 protein) are associated with limbic encephalitis (LE), which is characterized by a favorable outcome following immunotherapy. Here, we present two cases, where antibodies against LGI1 were detected in the sera 36 and 53 months after acute LE, respectively, and none of the patients received immunotherapy. LE showed characteristics of LGI1 encephalitis in both cases, including low sodium content in the sera; disorientation, hallucination, short-term memory loss; and epileptic seizures. One patient had faciobrachial tonic seizures. MRI indicated bilateral inflammation of the hippocampus in one case. We reviewed longitudinal clinical and MRI data covering 53 and 36 months after LE without immunotherapy, respectively. Both patients became seizure-free and spontaneously recovered with mild/moderate cognitive impairment. No relapses have been observed. Follow-up brain MRI indicated early hippocampal sclerosis and global brain atrophy in one case characterized by more pronounced cognitive deficit. Memory and verbal fluency were affected most during the natural course of LGI1 encephalitis. LGI1 encephalitis had a monophasic course and spontaneously improved, suggesting that a relatively benign natural course may contribute to the favorable outcome observed after immunotherapy. Our data also indicate that LGI1 antibodies can be present in the sera without clinical disease activity. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Toxocara Seroprevalence among Clinically Healthy Individuals, Pregnant Women and Psychiatric Patients and Associated Risk Factors in Shandong Province, Eastern China$$$ Background: Toxocarosis is a widespread zoonosis caused by the ascarid nematodes Toxocara canis and Toxocara cati, which primarily infect dogs and cats, respectively. Most human infections with Toxocara are asymptomatic; however, some infected individuals may develop a serious illness and even death. Nevertheless, epidemiological knowledge regarding the prevalence and risks associated with Toxocara infection is limited in China. Therefore, we performed a cross-sectional pilot study and estimated the seroprevalence of Toxocara infection in humans in Shandong Province, eastern China for the first time, from June 2011 to July 2013, involving clinically healthy individuals, pregnant women and psychiatric patients, aiming to attract public attention to Toxocara infection. Methodology/Principle Findings: Seroprevalence of Toxocara was determined using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay based on a cross-sectional study conducted in Qingdao and Weihai, Shandong Province, eastern China. Factors potentially associated with Toxocara infection were identified by logistic regression analysis. The overall Toxocara seroprevalence among the study population (n = 2866) was 12.25%, and a significantly higher seroprevalence in psychiatric patients (16.40%, 73/445) than that in clinically healthy individuals (13.07%, 187/1431) and pregnant women (9.19%, 91/990) was revealed. Univariate analyses suggested that keeping dogs at home (OR = 0.06, 95% CI 0.05–0.08, P<0.001), contact with cats and dogs (OR = 0.42, 95% CI 0.33–0.53, P<0.001) and exposure with soil (OR = 0.37, 95% CI 0.28–0.49, P<0.001) were risk factors associated with Toxocara infection. Conclusions/Significance: The present study revealed, for the first time, that human infection with Toxocara is common in eastern China, posing a significant public health concern. Increasing human and dog populations, population movements and climate change all will serve to increase the importance of this zoonosis. Further studies under controlled conditions are necessary to define potential morbidity associated with Toxocara infection. ER  - 
Diagnostic yield of short-term video-EEG monitoring for epilepsy and PNESs: A European assessment$$$ Introduction: Although long-term video-EEG monitoring (LVEM) is routinely used to investigate paroxysmal events, short-term video-EEG monitoring (SVEM) lasting &#60;. 24. h is increasingly recognized as a cost-effective tool. Since, however, relatively few studies addressed the yield of SVEM among different diagnostic groups, we undertook the present study to investigate this aspect. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed 226 consecutive SVEM recordings over 6. years. All patients were referred because routine EEGs were inconclusive. Patients were classified into 3 suspected diagnostic groups: (1) group with epileptic seizures, (2) group with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs), and (3) group with other or undetermined diagnoses. We assessed recording lengths, interictal epileptiform discharges, epileptic seizures, PNESs, and the definitive diagnoses obtained after SVEM. Results: The mean age was 34 (±. 18.7) years, and the median recording length was 18.6. h. Among the 226 patients, 127 referred for suspected epilepsy - 73 had a diagnosis of epilepsy, none had a diagnosis of PNESs, and 54 had other or undetermined diagnoses post-SVEM. Of the 24 patients with pre-SVEM suspected PNESs, 1 had epilepsy, 12 had PNESs, and 11 had other or undetermined diagnoses. Of the 75 patients with other diagnoses pre-SVEM, 17 had epilepsy, 11 had PNESs, and 47 had other or undetermined diagnoses. After SVEM, 15 patients had definite diagnoses other than epilepsy or PNESs, while in 96 patients, diagnosis remained unclear. Overall, a definitive diagnosis could be reached in 129/226 (57%) patients. Conclusions: This study demonstrates that in nearly 3/5 patients without a definitive diagnosis after routine EEG, SVEM allowed us to reach a diagnosis. This procedure should be encouraged in this setting, given its time-effectiveness compared with LVEM. ER  - 
Relapse prevention study of paliperidone extended-release tablets in Chinese patients with schizophrenia$$$ Objectives: The objective of this study was to evaluate the long-term efficacy, safety, and tolerability of paliperidone extended-release (pali ER), in Chinese patients with schizophrenia. Methods: In this parallel-group, relapse prevention, phase-3 study (screening [14-day], pali ER open-label run-in [8-week] and stabilization [6-week] phases, and double-blind (DB) treatment [variable duration], and open-label extension phases [24-week]), 136/201 patients with schizophrenia were randomized (1:1) to pali ER (3-12. mg) or placebo during the DB phase. Results: Final analysis showed that, out of 135 patients in ITT (DB) population, 71 (52.6%) had a relapse event, 45 (33.3%) were ongoing at the time the study was stopped, and 19 (14.1%) discontinued from the DB phase. Time to relapse (primary endpoint) favored pali ER (hazard ratio. = 5.23 [95% CI: 2.96, 9.25], p < 0.0001). Rate of relapses (55/71 [77.5%] placebo; 16/64 [25%] pali ER) and secondary endpoints (change from baseline in Positive And Negative Syndrome Scale [PANSS] and Clinical Global Impression - Severity Scores) were significantly lower (p. < 0.001) in pali ER group vs placebo, in favor of pali ER. More psychiatric-related treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) occurred in placebo- (21.1%) than pali ER group (10.9%). Most common (>. 3%) TEAEs in placebo group were insomnia and schizophrenia (8.5% each), while in pali ER group were aggression and akathisia (4.7% each), and schizophrenia, tremor, nausea, amenorrhea, and salivary hypersecretion (3.1% each). All serious TEAEs were psychiatric-related (schizophrenia, aggression, completed suicide, auditory hallucination, suicide attempt) and more frequent in placebo- (11.3%) versus pali ER group (3.1%). Death and tardive dyskinesia-related discontinuation (n = 1 each) occurred in placebo group. Body weight increase from run-in baseline was greater in pali ER group (mean increase: 3.90. kg) versus placebo (mean increase: 2.05. kg). Conclusions: This study confirms the findings from earlier pali ER global relapse-prevention studies and demonstrates that pali ER treatment (3-12. mg) is efficacious over the long-term and significantly delays relapse in Chinese patients with schizophrenia. No new safety signals were detected in this population. © 2014 The Authors. ER  - 
Voiding dysfunction related to adverse childhood experiences and neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ Objective Research has demonstrated the effect of adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) on later physiologic function and illness development. In the urologic literature, the relationship between bladder dysfunction and neuropsychiatric disorders is well documented. Observations in pediatric urology clinical practice suggest that a blend of these two areas of research can inform care of patients with voiding dysfunction. Methods Retrospective review of 216 patients seen in a single pediatric urology clinic by a single provider over a 24-month period. A descriptive, correlational study design was used to assess the extent to which ACEs and neuropsychiatric disorders affected resolution of symptoms when patients were treated with a bowel and bladder retraining program. Patients were selected using diagnostic codes related to voiding dysfunction and a retrospective chart review was conducted. Results A majority of patients who were seen for voiding dysfunction (60%) had at least one psychosocial factor. There is a greater prevalence of ACEs (51%) than neuropsychiatric disorders (25%). Children with either ACEs or neuropsychiatric disorders dropped out of treatment at a higher rate than those with neither. When factors were looked at separately, neuropsychiatric disorders were more likely to impede treatment progress than ACEs. Conclusions ACEs and neuropsychiatric disorders affect patients' ability to make progress with bowel and bladder retraining and to stay in treatment. Efforts specifically aimed at maintaining therapeutic relationships with patients who have ACEs are needed to fully treat this group, which typically has a high drop-out rate but high rate of resolution if they are able to stay involved in treatment. ER  - 
Comparison of pediatric patients with status epilepticus lasting 5-29 min versus ≥30 min$$$ The most common thresholds for considering prolonged seizures as status epilepticus (SE) are 5 and 30min. It is unknown whether these different thresholds (5 or 30min) identify patient populations with different electroclinical characteristics. We compared the characteristics of patients with SE lasting 5-29min (SE5-29) with those with SE lasting ≥30min (SE≥30). Inclusion criteria were the following: 1) 1month to 21years of age at the time of SE, 2) convulsive seizures, and 3) seizure duration ≥5min. Exclusion criteria were the following: 1) exclusively neonatal seizures, 2) psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, or 3) incomplete information about seizure duration. Four hundred forty-five patients (50.1% male) with a median (p25-p75) age at SE of 5.5 (2.8-10.5) years were enrolled. Status epilepticus lasted for 5-29min in 296 (66.5%) of subjects and for ≥30min in 149 (33.5%). Patients with SE≥30 were younger than the patients with SE5-29 at the time of seizure onset (median: 1 versus 2.1years, p=0.0007). Status epilepticus as the first seizure presentation was more frequent in patients with SE≥30 (24.2% versus 12.2%, p=0.002). There was a tendency towards a higher rate of abnormalities in the magnetic resonance imaging at baseline in patients with SE≥30 (70.5% versus 57.1%, p=0.061). Differences were not detected in seizure frequency, seizure types, presence of developmental delay, and electroencephalogram abnormalities at baseline. In the pediatric population, SE thresholds of either 5 or 30min identify groups of patients with very similar electroclinical characteristics, which may influence future definitions of pediatric SE. ER  - 
Regulation of emotions in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background: Despite the long history of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), relatively little is known about the mechanisms that cause and maintain this condition. Emerging research evidence suggests that patients with PNES might have difficulties in regulating their emotions. However, much remains to be learned about the nature of these difficulties and the emotional responses of individuals with PNES. This study aimed to gain a detailed understanding of emotion regulation processes in patients with PNES by examining differences between patients with PNES and a healthy control group with regard to intensity of emotional reactions, understanding of one's emotional experience, beliefs about emotions, and managing emotions by controlling emotional expression. Method: A cross-sectional design was used to compare the group with PNES (n. = 56) and the healthy control group (n. = 88) on a range of self-report measures. Results: Participants with a diagnosis of PNES reported significantly poorer understanding of their emotions, more negative beliefs about emotions, and a greater tendency to control emotional expression compared to the control group. While intensity of emotions did not discriminate between the groups, poor understanding and negative beliefs about emotions were found to be significant predictors of PNES, even after controlling for age, education level, and emotional distress. Furthermore, the presence of some emotion regulation difficulties was associated with self-reported seizure severity. Conclusions: The results of this study are largely consistent with previous literature and provide evidence for difficulties in emotion regulation in patients with PNES. However, this research goes further in bringing together different aspects of emotion regulation, including beliefs about emotions, which have not been examined before. As far as it is known, this is the first study to suggest that levels of alexithymia in a population with PNES are positively associated with self-reported seizure severity. The findings suggest a need for tailored psychological therapies addressing specific emotion regulation difficulties in individuals with PNES. ER  - 
Panic attack symptoms differentiate patients with epilepsy from those with psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES)$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES) are frequently challenging to differentiate from epileptic seizures. The experience of panic attack symptoms during an event may assist in distinguishing PNES from seizures secondary to epilepsy. A retrospective analysis of 354 patients diagnosed with PNES (N = 224) or with epilepsy (N = 130) investigated the thirteen Diagnostic and Statistical Manual-IV-Text Revision panic attack criteria endorsed by the two groups. We found a statistically higher mean number of symptoms reported by patients with PNES compared with those with epilepsy. In addition, the majority of the panic attack symptoms including heart palpitations, sweating, shortness of breath, choking feeling, chest discomfort, dizziness/unsteadiness, derealization or depersonalization, fear of dying, paresthesias, and chills or hot flashes were significantly more frequent in those with PNES. As patients with PNES frequently have poor clinical outcomes, treatment addressing the anxiety symptomatology may be beneficial. ER  - 
Regulation of emotions in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite the long history of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), relatively little is known about the mechanisms that cause and maintain this condition. Emerging research evidence suggests that patients with PNES might have difficulties in regulating their emotions. However, much remains to be learned about the nature of these difficulties and the emotional responses of individuals with PNES. This study aimed to gain a detailed understanding of emotion regulation processes in patients with PNES by examining differences between patients with PNES and a healthy control group with regard to intensity of emotional reactions, understanding of one's emotional experience, beliefs about emotions, and managing emotions by controlling emotional expression. METHOD: A cross-sectional design was used to compare the group with PNES (n=56) and the healthy control group (n=88) on a range of self-report measures. RESULTS: Participants with a diagnosis of PNES reported significantly poorer understanding of their emotions, more negative beliefs about emotions, and a greater tendency to control emotional expression compared to the control group. While intensity of emotions did not discriminate between the groups, poor understanding and negative beliefs about emotions were found to be significant predictors of PNES, even after controlling for age, education level, and emotional distress. Furthermore, the presence of some emotion regulation difficulties was associated with self-reported seizure severity. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study are largely consistent with previous literature and provide evidence for difficulties in emotion regulation in patients with PNES. However, this research goes further in bringing together different aspects of emotion regulation, including beliefs about emotions, which have not been examined before. As far as it is known, this is the first study to suggest that levels of alexithymia in a population with PNES are positively associated with self-reported seizure severity. The findings suggest a need for tailored psychological therapies addressing specific emotion regulation difficulties in individuals with PNES. ER  - 
Panic attack symptoms differentiate patients with epilepsy from those with psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES)$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES) are frequently challenging to differentiate from epileptic seizures. The experience of panic attack symptoms during an event may assist in distinguishing PNES from seizures secondary to epilepsy. A retrospective analysis of 354 patients diagnosed with PNES (N=224) or with epilepsy (N=130) investigated the thirteen Diagnostic and Statistical Manual-IV-Text Revision panic attack criteria endorsed by the two groups. We found a statistically higher mean number of symptoms reported by patients with PNES compared with those with epilepsy. In addition, the majority of the panic attack symptoms including heart palpitations, sweating, shortness of breath, choking feeling, chest discomfort, dizziness/unsteadiness, derealization or depersonalization, fear of dying, paresthesias, and chills or hot flashes were significantly more frequent in those with PNES. As patients with PNES frequently have poor clinical outcomes, treatment addressing the anxiety symptomatology may be beneficial. ER  - 
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and attention impairment in children with benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common comorbidity in children with epilepsy and has a negative impact on behavior and learning. The purposes of this study were to quantify the prevalence of ADHD in benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BCECTS) and to identify clinical factors that affect ADHD or attention impairment in patients with BCECTS. The medical records of 74 children (44 males) with neuropsychological examination from a total of 198 children diagnosed with BCECTS at Asan Medical Center were retrospectively reviewed. Electroclinical factors were compared across patients with ADHD and those without ADHD. Mean T-scores of the continuous performance test were compared across patients grouped according to various epilepsy characteristics. Forty-eight (64.9%) patients had ADHD. A history of febrile convulsion was more common in patients with ADHD than in patients without ADHD (p=0.049). Bilateral centrotemporal spikes on electroencephalogram were more common in patients receiving ADHD medication than in patients with untreated ADHD (p=0.004). Male patients, patients with frequent seizures prior to diagnosis, and patients with a high spike index (≥40/min) on sleep EEG at diagnosis had significantly lower visual selective attention (p<0.05). Children with BCECTS had a high prevalence of ADHD, and frequent seizures or interictal epileptiform abnormalities were closely related to impairment of visual selective attention in children with BCECTS, indicating the need for ADHD or attention impairment screening in children with BCECTS. ER  - 
Predictors for readmissions after video-EEG monitoring$$$ Objective: Identification of variables prognosticating 30-day readmission among adult patients admitted for video-EEG (VEEG) monitoring at a major epilepsy center. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted, examining 865 consecutive admissions to the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) from January 2010 to June 2013. Data extracted from chart review included demographics, length of stay (LOS), seizure type(s), number of 30-day readmissions or emergency department (ED) visits and reasons for these, and patient and system/provider factors potentially contributing to the readmission. Results: Of 865 elective admissions for VEEG monitoring, 49 patients accounted for 33 readmissions and 40 ED visits within 30 days of discharge for an overall 30-day encounter rate of 7.0% after excluding those lost to follow-up; 9 patients had more than one ED visit or readmission. Statistically significant risk factors for urgent 30-day encounters included a history of nonepileptic seizures (NES) (odds ratio [OR] 1.9, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1-3.4), a dual diagnosis of both epilepsy and NES (OR 5.9, 95% CI 3.0-11.8), an urgent index admission to the EMU (OR 2.5, 95%CI 1.4-4.8), and a shorter LOS of index hospitalization (median 4.0 days vs 5.0 days, p < 0.01). The most common contributing patient factors included active psychiatric symptoms, medically refractory epilepsy, and living alone; the most common hospitalization-related factors included antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment adverse events or AED adjustment. Conclusions: In addition to the presence of intractable epilepsy and shorter LOS, mental health comorbidities and the presence of NES were important risk factors for 30-day readmissions and ED visits in the epilepsy population. Therefore, proactively addressing mental health comorbidities may decrease urgent health care utilization after VEEG monitoring. © 2014 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
Self-face hallucination evoked by electrical stimulation of the human brain$$$ Objectives: Self-face hallucination (autoscopic hallucination or AH) has been reported in patients with widespread brain damage or retrospectively after epileptic seizures. The neural basis and the self-processing operations underlying AH remain unknown. Methods: Wereport the results of intracerebral electrical stimulations of the rightmedial occipitoparietal cortex (right precuneus and occipitoparietal sulcus) in 2 patients with epilepsy who underwent a stereo- EEG. Results: Immediately after the onset of the stimulation, the 2 patients reported seeing their current own face, facing themselves, in their left visual field. Conclusions: Our study shows that the medial occipitoparietal junction has a key role in generating AH. This region has been shown to have a central role in various self-processing operations and especially in self-face recognition. Our observations further reveal that this region is involved in a visual representation of our own face, which is generated during the pathologic phenomenon of AH. This visual representation of our own facemay be useful for self-face recognition and social cognition processes involving judgment of self-facial resemblance to others. © 2014 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
Association analysis of GABRB3 promoter variants with heroin dependence$$$ GABRB3 encoding the b3 subunit of GABAA receptor has been implicated in multiple neuropsychiatric disorders, including substance abuse. Previous studies reported that SNPs at the 5′ regulatory region of GABRB3 could regulate GABRB3 gene expression and associated with childhood absence epilepsy (CAE). The study aimed to investigate whether SNPs at the 5′ regulatory region of GABRB3 were associated with heroin dependence in our population. We first re-sequenced 1.5 kb of the 5′regulatory region of GABRB3 gene to examine the SNP profile in the genomic DNA of 365 control subjects. Then, we conducted a case-control association analysis between 576 subjects with heroin dependence (549 males, 27 females) and 886 controls (472 males, 414 females) by genotyping the rs4906902 as a tag SNP. We also conducted a reporter gene assay to assess the promoter activity of two major haplotypes derived from SNPs at this region. We detected 3 common SNPs (rs4906902, rs8179184 and rs20317) at this region that had strong pair-wise linkage disequilibrium. The C allele of rs4906902 was found to be associated with increased risk of heroin dependence (odds ratio:1.27, p = 0.002). Two major haplotypes (C-A-G and T-G-C) derived from these 3 SNPs accounted for 99% of this sample, and reporter gene activity assay showed that haplotype C-A-G that contained the C allele of the tag SNP rs4906902 had higher activity than haplotype T-G-C. Our data suggest that GABRB3 might be associated with heroin dependence, and increased expression of GABRB3 might contribute to the pathogenesis of heroin dependence. © 2014 Chen et al. ER  - 
Serotonin transporter gene×environment and risk of depression in community-treated epilepsy$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to test whether a specific serotonin transporter (5HTT) gene polymorphism interacting with life stress increased the risk of depression in patients with epilepsy. Methods: The Tasmanian Epilepsy Register Mood Study (TERMS) used a cross-sectional study design of a community sample of patients with epilepsy previously recruited into the Tasmanian Epilepsy Register. It employed a mailed self-complete questionnaire and saliva DNA collection. Depression was assessed using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale. Environmental measures were selected to cover recent stressful events, epilepsy-related stress, current social support, and early life stress. Results: Of 820 eligible participants, 553 (67%) participants completed the study. Experience of at least one stressful life event was very common, with a significant association between depression and the stressful life events (F. =. 26.2, df. =. 3, p. &#60;. 0.001). There was no association between serotonin transporter genotype and level of depressive symptoms reported (F. =. 0.421, df. =. 2, p. =. 0.7). There was no evidence of any adverse life experiences interacting with serotonin transporter genotype to moderate the risk of depression. Significance: The failure to demonstrate a main effect of genotype on depression or a gene. ×. environment interaction differs from several studies of patients with other chronic diseases. However, it is consistent with larger general population studies. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric and seizure outcomes in nonparaneoplastic autoimmune limbic encephalitis$$$ Introduction: Autoimmune limbic encephalitis is an inflammatory condition often associated with an underlying neoplasm. However, a subset of patients does not have an underlying tumor and have a nonparaneoplastic form of this condition. The focus in the literature has been on the acute phase of this illness, but long-term follow-up is lacking. Methods: A retrospective chart review, over a period of 15years, of patients carrying a diagnosis of encephalitis was performed. Inclusion criteria included a clinical presentation consistent with limbic encephalitis (subacute behavioral change, seizures, or anterograde memory decline) and an identifiable autoantibody, inflammatory CSF (>5white blood cells/mm3), or limbic hyperintensities on MRI. Readmission rates and long-term psychiatric, psychosocial, and seizure outcomes were evaluated. Results: A total of 16 patients were identified. Clinical presentation included new-onset seizures in 14 (88%), behavioral changes in 7 (44%), and memory decline in 5 (31%). Four (25%) patients presented with status epilepticus. Five patients had antibodies against NMDAR (N-methyl-. d-aspartate receptor) and four against VGKC (voltage gated potassium channel) complex. An inflammatory CSF was noted in 7 (44%) and MRI changes in 9 (56%). Four were readmitted during the follow-up period. Around half the patients continued to have medically drug/treatment-refractory seizures, while 7 (44%) had a new psychiatric diagnosis (mood disorder, anxiety disorder, or impulse control disorder). The majority of the patients continued to reside at home, while 43% of previously employed patients lost employment. Conclusion: Nonparaneoplastic autoimmune limbic encephalitis is a neuropsychiatric condition presenting with a combination of seizures (sometimes status epilepticus), behavioral changes, and memory decline. After the acute phase, patients are at risk of readmissions, medically refractory seizures, chronic mood and anxiety disorders, and loss of employment. ER  - 
Utility and safety of rituximab in pediatric autoimmune and inflammatory CNS disease$$$ Objective: To assess the utility and safety of rituximab in pediatric autoimmune and inflammatory disorders of the CNS. Methods: Multicenter retrospective study. Results: A total of 144 children and adolescents (median age 8 years, range 0.7-17; 103 female) with NMDA receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis (n = 39), opsoclonus myoclonus ataxia syndrome (n = 32), neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders (n = 20), neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (n = 18), and other neuroinflammatory disorders (n = 35) were studied. Rituximab was given after amedian duration of disease of 0.5 years (range 0.05-9.5 years). Infusion adverse events were recorded in 18/144 (12.5%), including grade 4 (anaphylaxis) in 3. Eleven patients (7.6%) had an infectious adverse event (AE), including 2 with grade 5 (death) and 2 with grade 4 (disabling) infectious AE (median follow-up of 1.65 years [range 0.1-8.5]). No patients developed progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. A definite, probable, or possible benefit was reported in 125 of 144 (87%) patients. A total of 17.4% of patients had a modified Rankin Scale (mRS) score of 0-2 at rituximab initiation, compared to 73.9%at outcome. The change inmRS 0-2 was greater in patients given rituximab early in their disease course compared to those treated later. Conclusion: While limited by the retrospective nature of this analysis, our data support an offlabel use of rituximab, although the significant risk of infectious complications suggests rituximab should be restricted to disorders with significant morbidity and mortality. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class IV evidence that in pediatric autoimmune and inflammatory CNS disorders, rituximab improves neurologic outcomes with a 7.6% risk of adverse infections. © 2014 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
Variations in EEG discharges predict ADHD severity within individual Smith-Lemli-Opitz patients$$$ Objective: We sought to examine the prevalence of EEG abnormalities in Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome (SLOS) as well as the relationship between interictal epileptiform discharges (IEDs) and within-subject variations in attentional symptom severity. Methods: In the context of a clinical trial for SLOS, we performed cross-sectional and repeatedmeasure observational studies of the relationship between EEG findings and cognitive/behavioral factors on 23 children (aged 4-17 years). EEGs were reviewed for clinical abnormalities, including IEDs, by readers blinded to participants' behavioral symptoms. Between-group differences in baseline characteristics of participants with and without IEDs were analyzed. Within-subject analyses examined the association between the presence of IEDs and changes in attentiondeficit/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms. Results: Of 85 EEGs, 43 (51%) were abnormal, predominantly because of IEDs. Only one subject had documented clinical seizures. IEDs clustered in 13 subjects (57%), whereas 9 subjects (39%) had EEGs consistently free of IEDs. While there were no significant group differences in sex, age, intellectual disability, language level, or baseline ADHD symptoms, autistic symptoms tended to be more prevalent in the "IED" group (according to Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule-2 criteria). Within individuals, the presence of IEDs on a particular EEG predicted, on average, a 27% increase in ADHD symptom severity. Conclusions: Epileptiform discharges are common in SLOS, despite a relatively low prevalence of epilepsy. Fluctuations in the presence of epileptiform discharges within individual children with a developmental disability syndrome may be associated with fluctuations in ADHD symptomatology, even in the absence of clinical seizures. © 2014 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
The effects of electroconvulsive therapy on tardive dystonia or dyskinesia induced by psychotropic medication: A retrospective study$$$ Background: Tardive dystonia and dyskinesia are potentially irreversible neurological syndromes. Successful electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) has been reported by multiple sources; however, the existing retrospective reviews and open prospective trials provide little information on the response rate. Methods: Eighteen consecutive patients with tardive dystonia or dyskinesia received a standard course of ECT to treat abnormal movement. The severity of the tardive dystonia and dyskinesia was evaluated using the Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale (AIMS) before and after the course of ECT. The patients who displayed a greater than 50% improvement in the AIMS score were classified as the responders. Results: The mean AIMS score decreased from 19.1±4.7 to 9.6±4.2. There were seven responders among the 18 patients, which yielded a 39% response rate. Conclusion: ECT has a moderate but significant effect on tardive dystonia and dyskinesia. © 2014 Yasui-Furukori et al. ER  - 
Autologous t-cell therapy for cytomegalovirus as a consolidative treatment for recurrent glioblastoma$$$ Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is one of the most aggressive human brain malignancies. Even with optimal treatment, median survival is less than 6 months for patients with recurrent GBM. Immune-based therapies have the potential to improve patient outcome by supplementing standard treatment. Expression of human cytomegalovirus (CMV) antigens in GBM tissues provides the unique opportunity to target viral antigens for GBM therapy. Here, we report findings of a formal clinical assessment of safety and potential clinical efficacy of autologous CMV-specific T-cell therapy as a consolidative treatment for recurrent GBM. From a total of 19 patients with recurrent GBM, CMV-specific T cells were successfully expanded from 13 patients (68.4%), 11 of whom received up to four T-cell infusions. Combination therapy based on T-cell infusion and chemotherapy was well tolerated, and we detected only minor adverse events. The overall survival of these patients since first recurrence ranged from 133 to 2,428 days, with a median overall survival of 403 days. Most importantly, 4 of 10 patients that completed the treatment remained progression free during the study period. Furthermore, molecular profiling of CMV-specific T-cell therapy from these patients revealed distinct gene expression signatures, which correlated with their clinical response. Our study suggests that a combination therapy with autologous CMV-specific T cells and chemotherapy is a safe novel treatment option and may offer clinical benefit for patients with recurrent GBM. Cancer Res; 74(13); 3466-76. © 2014 American Association for Cancer Research. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression levels in clients with epilepsy in selected hospital of Pune City$$$ In clients with epilepsy, the psychosocial impact of epilepsy is overwhelming. Epilepsy is chronic disease and needs long-term management. The study was conducted with the purpose to assess the level of anxiety and depression in the client with epilepsy. Results showed that there was a presence of anxiety in 40 percent cases and depression in 15 percent cases with epilepsy. The findings of this study reveal that there is no significant correlation present between the anxiety and depression level with selected sociodemographic variables. It also shows that type of family, monthly income and effect on work are potential risk factors for developing anxiety and depression in clients with epilepsy. Education and support can help clients to deal with the emotional impact of epilepsy. ER  - 
Validating the 8 CPCSSN case definitions for chronic disease surveillance in a primary care database of electronic health records$$$ PURPOSE: The Canadian Primary Care Sentinel Surveillance Network (CPCSSN) is Canada's first national chronic disease surveillance system based on electronic health record (EHR) data. The purpose of this study was to develop and validate case definitions and case-finding algorithms used to identify 8 common chronic conditions in primary care: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), dementia, depression, diabetes, hypertension, osteoarthritis, parkinsonism, and epilepsy. METHODS: Using a cross-sectional data validation study design, regional and local CPCSSN networks from British Columbia, Alberta (2), Ontario, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland participated in validating EHR case-finding algorithms. A random sample of EHR charts were reviewed, oversampling for patients older than 60 years and for those with epilepsy or parkinsonism. Charts were reviewed by trained research assistants and residents who were blinded to the algorithmic diagnosis. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values (PPVs, NPVs) were calculated. RESULTS: We obtained data from 1,920 charts from 4 different EHR systems (Wolf, Med Access, Nightingale, and PS Suite). For the total sample, sensitivity ranged from 78% (osteoarthritis) to more than 95% (diabetes, epilepsy, and parkinsonism); specificity was greater than 94% for all diseases; PPV ranged from 72% (dementia) to 93% (hypertension); NPV ranged from 86% (hypertension) to greater than 99% (diabetes, dementia, epilepsy, and parkinsonism). CONCLUSIONS: The CPCSSN diagnostic algorithms showed excellent sensitivity and specificity for hypertension, diabetes, epilepsy, and parkinsonism and acceptable values for the other conditions. CPCSSN data are appropriate for use in public health surveillance, primary care, and health services research, as well as to inform policy for these diseases. ER  - 
Validating the CPCSSN algorithms for 8 chronic diseases$$$ Objectives This study sought to validate 8 chronic disease electronic medical record (EMR) diagnostic algorithms developed by the Canadian Primary Care Sentinel Surveillance Network (CPCSSN); and to refine these diagnostic algorithms to improve sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), and negative predictive value (NPV). Design CPCSSN developed case definitions for hypertension, diabetes mellitus, depression, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, osteoarthritis, dementia, epilepsy, and Parkinson disease from readily available EMR information, including diagnoses, billing data, laboratory tests, and medications. We retrospectively reviewed a random sample of EMR charts from 6 of the 10 CPCSSN networks. We oversampled for persons older than 60 years with epilepsy or Parkinson disease. All chart abstractors were blinded to the CPCSSN diagnosis during the chart review process. Primary outcome measures Sensitivity, specificity, PPV, and NPV for each disease with the associated 95% confidence interval. Results Data from 1870 charts were obtained from 6 networks located in British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland and Labrador. These data were obtained from 4 EMR systems. For the total sample, sensitivity ranged from 78% (osteoarthritis) to more than 95% (diabetes, epilepsy, and Parkinson disease); specificity was greater than 94% for all diseases; PPV ranged from 69% (dementia) to 93% (hypertension); NPV ranged from 86% (hypertension) to more than 99% (diabetes, dementia, epilepsy, and Parkinson disease). Depression and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease had sensitivity greater than 80% and specificity greater than 94%. Dementia was also very sensitive (94%) and specific (98%); however, PPV (69%) was limited. Osteoarthritis lacked sensitivity (78%) but had excellent specificity (95%), PPV (88%), and NPV (90%). Variation in PPV was found across the networks and different EMR systems. Conclusion The CPCSSN diagnostic algorithms demonstrated excellent sensitivity and specificity for hypertension, diabetes, epilepsy, and Parkinson disease. The CPCSSN data can now be used for public health surveillance, primary care, and health services research and to inform policy for these diseases. The algorithms for the other 4 diseases have room for modest improvement. ER  - 
Clinical trials with pitolisant (WAKIX®) a wake-promoting H3-receptor inverse agonist$$$ The best established function of histaminergic neurons is their role in the maintenance of wakefulness. The development of inverse agonists of the histamine H3 receptor (H3R), a class of compounds enhancing their activity and the release of histamine in the whole CNS, first provided a tool to confirm this role in animals and, as a consequence, it became apparent that these agents could be useful in human disorders of vigilance. The first H3R inverse agonist to be introduced in therapeutics is pitolisant, a non-imidazole compound of nanomolar potency, displaying high oral bioavailability, high brain penetration and an excellent safety profile in animal toxicity including carcinogenicity studies; its wakepromoting activity was shown in cats, rats and mice, including in orexin-/- mice, a reliable model of narcolepsy. Phase I trials in healthy volunteers confirmed the good safety profile, showed a T1/2 of ∼10 h, compatible with a once-a-day administration without affecting nocturnal sleep and there were clear indications of enhanced wakefulness and attention. A series of Phase IIa trials were performed in a rather large variety of potential neuropsychiatric indications based upon suggestions gathered from more or less reliable preclinical models: epilepsy, ADHD, schizophrenia, dementias (Lewy bodies dementia), excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in narcolepsy, Parkinson's disease and obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA). Among these proof-ofconcept trials, the EDS pathologies provided the most promising positive signals and these pathologies were therefore selected for further developments. Dose-finding studies in EDS showed that 20 mg tablets taken once-a-day corresponded to the Minimal Effective Dose but 40 mg o.d. was equally well tolerated. Three pivotal trials in narcolepsy, a disease for which pitolisant has received an orphan drug designation from both the EMEA and FDA, were performed using individual flexible dose adjustment, and found successful (HARMONY I, Ibis and III). Significant EDS improvement was evidenced using either the Epworth Sleepiness Scale, which assesses EDS in a variety of current life circumstances, or the Maintenance of Wakefulness Test (MWT), a laboratory test measuring the time a patient remains awake in a dark and quiet environment. Significant improvement was also recorded in the Sustained Attention to Response Task (SART) measuring the level of attention. Interestingly, pitolisant decreased by over 60 % the frequency of cataplexy attacks, an effect not seen with psychostimulants e.g. amphetamines or modafinil, but which is consistent with data on orexin knockout mice. The efficacy of pitolisant on EDS did not differ significantly from that of modafinil but tolerance was better, namely regarding withdrawal symptoms which were totally absent after the of pitolisant treatment, in agreement with data in a variety of animal models indicating lack of drug abuse potential; only minor adverse events were recorded among the patients having received pitolisant (over 1,000) some for up to 1 year: headache, nausea, abdominal discomfort. In OSA, Phase IIa and IIb suggested also clear improvement of EDS and two pivotal trials are currently being completed. Hence Wakix® appears as a novel, safe and efficient wake promoter without the drawbacks of psychostimulants. In addition, Wakix® displays clear anticataplectic properties in narcolepsy. ER  - 
Observations on sleep-disordered breathing in idiopathic Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: This study has two main goals: 1.) to determine the potential influence of dopaminergic drugs on sleepdisordered breathing (SDB) in Parkinson's disease (PD) and 2.) to elucidate whether NREM and REM sleep differentially impact SDB severity in PD. Methods: Retrospective clinical and polysomnographic study of 119 consecutive PD patients and comparison with age-, sex- and apnea-hypopnea-index-matched controls. Results: SDB was diagnosed in 57 PD patients (48%). Apnea-hypopnea index was significantly higher in PD patients with central SDB predominance (n = 7; 39.3±16.7/h) than obstructive SDB predominance (n = 50; 20.9±16.8/h; p = 0.003). All PD patients with central SDB predominance appeared to be treated with both levodopa and dopamine agonists, whereas only 56% of those with obstructive SDB predominance were on this combined treatment (p = 0.03). In the whole PD group with SDB (n = 57), we observed a significant decrease of apnea-hypopnea index from NREM to REM sleep (p = 0.02), while controls revealed the opposite tendency. However, only the PD subgroup with SDB and treatment with dopamine agonists showed this phenomenon, while those without dopamine agonists had a similar NREM/REM pattern as controls. Conclusions: Our findings suggest an ambiguous impact of dopamine agonists on SDB. Medication with dopamine agonists seems to enhance the risk of central SDB predominance. Loss of normal muscle atonia may be responsible for decreased SDB severity during REM sleep in PD patients with dopamine agonists. © 2014 Valko et al. ER  - 
Pain, not chronic disease, is associated with the recurrence of depressive and anxiety disorders$$$ Background: Studies suggest that poor physical health might be associated with increased depression and anxiety recurrence. The objectives of this study were to determine whether specific chronic diseases and pain characteristics are associated with depression and anxiety recurrence and to examine whether such associations are mediated by subthreshold depressive or anxiety symptoms.Methods: 1122 individuals with remitted depressive or anxiety disorder (Netherlands Study of Depression and Anxiety) were followed up for a period of four years. The impact of specific chronic diseases and pain characteristics on recurrence was assessed using Cox regression and mediation analyses.Results: Chronic diseases were not associated with recurrence. Neck (HR 1.45, p < .01), chest (HR 1.65, p < .01), abdominal (HR 1.52, p < .01) pain, an increase in the number of pain locations (HR 1.10, p < .01) and pain severity (HR 1.18, p = .01) were associated with an increased risk of depression recurrence but not anxiety. Subthreshold depressive symptoms mediated the associations between pain and depression recurrence.Conclusions: Pain, not chronic disease, increases the likelihood of depression recurrence, largely through its association with aggravated subthreshold depressive symptoms. These findings support the idea of the existence of a mutually reinforcing mechanism between pain and depression and are indicative of the importance of shedding light on neurobiological links in order to optimize pain and depression management. © 2014 Gerrits et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Physical and mental health comorbidity is common in people with multiple sclerosis: Nationally representative cross-sectional population database analysis$$$ Background: Comorbidity in Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is associated with worse health and higher mortality. This study aims to describe clinician recorded comorbidities in people with MS.Methods: 39 comorbidities in 3826 people with MS aged ≥25 years were compared against 1,268,859 controls. Results were analysed by age, gender, and socioeconomic status, with unadjusted and adjusted Odds Ratios (ORs) calculated using logistic regression.Results: People with MS were more likely to have one (OR 2.44; 95% CI 2.26-2.64), two (OR 1.49; 95% CI 1.38-1.62), three (OR 1.86; 95% CI 1.69-2.04), four or more (OR 1.61; 95% CI 1.47-1.77) non-MS chronic conditions than controls, and greater mental health comorbidity (OR 2.94; 95% CI 2.75-3.14), which increased as the number of physical comorbidities rose. Cardiovascular conditions, including atrial fibrillation (OR 0.49; 95% CI 0.36-0.67), chronic kidney disease (OR 0.51; 95% CI 0.40-0.65), heart failure (OR 0.62; 95% CI 0.45-0.85), coronary heart disease (OR 0.64; 95% CI 0.52-0.71), and hypertension (OR 0.65; 95% CI 0.59-0.72) were significantly less common in people with MS.Conclusion: People with MS have excess multiple chronic conditions, with associated increased mental health comorbidity. The low recorded cardiovascular comorbidity warrants further investigation. © 2014 Simpson et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Gerstmann-Straüssler-Scheinker disease: Novel PRNP mutation and VGKC-complex antibodies$$$ Objective: To describe a unique case of Gerstmann-Straüssler-Scheinker (GSS) disease caused by a novel prion protein (PRNP) gene mutation and associated with strongly positive voltagegated potassium channel (VGKC)-complex antibodies (Abs). Methods: Clinical data were gathered from retrospective review of the case notes. Postmortem neuropathologic examination was performed, and DNA was extracted from frozen brain tissue for full sequence analysis of the PRNP gene. Results: The patient was diagnosed in life with VGKC-complex Ab-associated encephalitis based on strongly positive VGKC-complex Ab titers but no detectable LGI1 or CASPR2 Abs. He died despite 1 year of aggressive immunosuppressive treatment. The neuropathologic diagnosis was GSS disease, and a novel mutation, P84S, in the PRNP gene was found. Conclusion: VGKC-complex Abs are described in an increasingly broad range of clinical syndromes, including progressive encephalopathies, and may be amenable to treatment with immunosuppression. However, the failure to respond to aggressive immunotherapy warns against VGKC-complex Abs being pathogenic, and their presence does not preclude the possibility of prion disease. © 2014 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
An investigation into the relationship between first-degree relatives of bipolar affective disorder and (idiopathic) epilepsy in a sub-Saharan African population$$$ Objective Phenomenological, neuro-biological and pharmacological investigations linked bipolar affective disorders with epilepsy. Similarly, a large community-based epidemiological study of epileptic patients reported that 12% of the participants had bipolar symptoms, a rate 7× higher than in control. Bipolar and epileptic disorders are epiphenomena of an underlying genetic susceptibility. This study aimed to determine the relationship between first-degree relatives of bipolar and epileptic patients in a sub-Saharan African population. Method In this case-control study, we used a socio-demographic and clinical variables questionnaire to assess random convenient samples of 50 control, 40 and 60 first-degree relatives of bipolar and epileptic patients, respectively at Federal Neuro-psychiatric Hospital (FNPH), Maiduguri. Relatives of epileptic patients and the control completed the mood disorder questionnaire (MDQ). Two consultant psychiatrists made the diagnosis of epilepsy using the ILAE criteria, in relatives of bipolar patients and the control. Participants in both groups had no EEG. We analysed the data obtained, using EPI-info 7 to report averages and associations between categorical variables with Chi-square test, and analysis of variance (ANOVA) for parametric data(statistical significance set at p=0.5, two-tailed). Results The rate of epilepsy among relatives of bipolar disorder compared with control was 15.2% vs. 2.0% (χ2=46.08, p<0.001), and that of bipolar among relatives of epileptics compared with control was 14.5% vs. 2.1% (χ2=31.2, p<0.001). Educational status showed significant relationship across two groups (χ2=24.19, p=0.0001). Using ANOVA, age showed significant relationship among relatives of bipolar and epileptic patients (F=5.769, p=0.0039). Conclusion Despite its limitations, this preliminary study contributes to literature on the relationship between epilepsy and bipolar affective disorder in sub-Saharan Africa. © 2014 Published by Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Emergency treatment of status asthmaticus with enoximone$$$ This report describes the treatment of eight patients with status asthmaticus, six of whom were already maximally treated. They were consequently treated with enoximone, a selective phosphodiesterase III inhibitor, in their refractory phase. Bronchodilatation in these patients was immediate. No side-effects were observed. Enoximone appears to be a valuable addition to the treatment of status asthmaticus. I.V. administration bypasses inhalation incapability in severe asthma. It is likely to reduce or altogether prevent the need for resorting to secondary or tertiary high-tech therapy such as mechanical ventilation or anaesthetics, thus avoiding complications, as well as for transfers to specialized intensive care units. Not only do these aspects enable substantial cost savings, but they also may spare the patient a lot of anguish and a prolonged recovery. © 2014 The Author. ER  - 
Efficacy of the dAd5GNE anti-cocaine vaccine in models of “binge” cocaine use$$$ dAd5GNE, an anti-cocaine vaccine comprised of a disrupted serotype 5 adenovirus gene therapy vector covalently conjugated to the cocaine analog GNE, evokes a high titer of high affinity, circulating anti-cocaine antibodies that prevent cocaine from reaching its cognate receptors in the central nervous system (CNS). In prior studies, we have demonstrated efficacy of the dAd5GNE vaccine in models of moderate and intermittent (weekly to monthly) cocaine use. In the present study, we asked: are the anti-cocaine antibody titers induced by dAd5GNE sufficient to protect against a cocaine “binge”, i.e., more frequent and/or higher doses of cocaine aimed at overriding the vaccine? To assess this question, we modeled 2 “binge” scenarios in vaccinated BALB/C mice [dAd5GNE (4 μg) + Adjuplex adjuvant; administered at 4 and 8 wk (±1 wk)]: (1) daily cocaine challenge with 2.5 μg cocaine; and (2) cocaine overdose with 100 μg cocaine. In the model of daily cocaine use, vaccine efficacy was assessed at wk 12 by 3H-cocaine distribution 1 min after intravenous cocaine challenge. In the vaccinated animals receiving a single cocaine administration, cocaine levels in the brain were reduced by 55% compared to nonvaccinated mice receiving a single cocaine dose (p<0.05). Importantly, daily dosing of cocaine for 3 consecutive days did not override the vaccine, as vaccinated mice continued to show abrogation of cocaine access to the brain (64% reduction, p<0.005), a reduction similar to that of vaccinated mice receiving a single cocaine dose (p>0.5). In the cocaine overdose model, locomotor behavior was assessed using an infrared activity chamber following 100 μg intravenous administration of cocaine at 20 wk. Vaccination not only reduced the cocaine-induced hyperactive ambulatory distance traveled by 52% (p<0.012) but strikingly, while 80% (4/5) of the non-vaccinated mice experienced lengthy seizures (>1 min), only 10% (1/10) of the vaccinated mice demonstrated epileptic activity. We conclude from these studies that dAd5GNE vaccination not only protects against intermittent, recreational cocaine use, but also protects the CNS from “binge” use, whether this is repetitive daily use, or high-dose use at levels known to induce seizure. Based on this data, and our prior data in rodents and nonhuman primates, we are moving the dAd5GNE anti-cocaine vaccine to a clinical trial for cocaine addicts who wish to stop cocaine use. ER  - 
Paroxysmal non-epileptic events of childhood$$$ Introduction: The paroxysmal nonepileptic events (PNES) of childhood are a group of disorders, syndromes and phenomena that mimic true epileptic seizures. The differential diagnosis of PNES is very broad spanning a wide variety of physiologic, organic and behavioral conditions. Objective: To assess the etiology of childhood PNES in different age groups. Methods: Retrospective study included 59 patients (20 boys and 39 girls) aged 1 month to 18 years diagnosed with PNES. The follow-up period was 1.5 years. The etiology of nonepileptic events was assessed and compared afterwards according to age. Results: The most frequent cause of PNES was syncope (30.5%), followed by psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (18.6%). 11.9% had apparent life-threatening events (ALTE) as an underlying cause, 8.5% hypoglycemia, 6.8% some kind of intoxication and 3.4% migraine headaches, whereas 20.3% of cases of PNES were due to other causes. We noticed more frequent occurrence of ALTE in infancy (5.57 ± 6.29 months) and syncope (155.16 ± 36.13 months) and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (168.64 ± 52.07 months) in adolescence. Conclusion: Our results suggest that organic disturbances were the most frequent causes of PNES in younger children, while autonomic dysfunction disorders and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures were predominated in older children. ER  - 
Do epileptiform abnormalities on eeg at adhd assessment influence on the use of methylphenidate, antiepileptic drugs and epileptic seizure occurrence during two years follow-up?$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this retrospective study was to investigate whether epileptiform abnormalites (EA) recorded on EEG at the attention- deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) assessment in children without previous epilepsy influence on the use of methylphenidate (MPH), antiepileptic drugs (AED) and epileptic seizure occurrence during two years follow-up. Method: Subjects were 517 ADHD children (82.4% male), aged between 5 and 14 years, mean 9.5 + 2.6, who were diagnosed between January 2000 and December 2005 who performed at least one standard EEG at ADHD assessment. EA were found in 27 cases although they had no previous epilepsy (EA group). These 27 cases were matched on age and gender and compared with 27 cases without EA (non-EA group). Measure outcomes were: the use of AED, the use of MPH and epileptic seizure occurrence. Results: At baseline of the 27 cases from EA group, 10 (37%) were on AED. 24 of 27 children were treated with MPH, and initial positive response to MPH was achieved in 20/24 (83.3%). In the non-EA group, 25 of 27 cases were treated with MPH, and 22/25 (88%) had documented positive effect of MPH treatment. At one and two years follow-up, 20/24 (83.3%) and 19/24 (79.2%) cases from EA-group used MPH compared to 22/25 (88%) and 18/25 (72%) cases from non-EA group. AEDs at one year follow-up were used in 10 patients, and at two years follow-up in 2 cases from EA group. Nobody from non-EA group was treated with AED. In addition, epileptic seizure occurrence was not recorded in any case during the study. Conclusion: The EA occurrence at ADHD assessment in children without previous epilepsy was not associated with diminished use of MPH or with epileptic seizure occurrence, but it was related to temporary use of AED. ER  - 
Misdiagnosis of epileptic seizures as psychogenic - A rare problem$$$ Purpose: Compared to the misdiagnosis of psychogenic seizures as epileptic little is known about the reverse problem: epilepsy being misdiagnosed as psychogenic fits. The purpose of this study was to evaluate this in a population of in-patients who were referred to our centre for the first time. Method: In this retrospective study files of 138 in-patients were analyzed with regard to an epilepsy misdiagnosed as psychogenic seizures in the past. Reasons for diagnostic errors were evaluated. Results: 138 patients (median age 42 years [range: 20-76]) were scanned. 7 (5%) of them (median age 29 years [range: 24-65]) had been misdiagnosed with psychogenic seizures prior to admission. Duration of symptoms before revised diagnosis was 1-7 years (median 3 years). Most patients showed dyscognitive seizures, one patient predominant hypermotor and tonic seizures (up to 150 per day), one tonic seizures plus psychogenic seizures. Interictal EEG was normal in 3 patients (all with normal MRI). Ictal EEG was normal in one patient (with lesion in gyrus cinguli and tonic seizures). In this patient a co-existence of epileptic and non-epileptic seizures was found. Conclusion: Misdiagnosis of epileptic seizures as psychogenic is rare. Risk factors have to be discussed on the base of the individual cases. ER  - 
Video-EEG monitoring in diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: Our experience$$$ Purpose: Although the differential diagnosis between psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and epileptic seizures (ES) has improved in the last years, especially since the introduction of simultaneous video-EEG monitoring (VEEGM), the diagnosis of PNES remains a clinical challenge. The aim of this study was to review our VEEGM database and analyze its utility in the diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures. Method: We present a retrospective study of VEEGM conducted in Epilepsy Unit of a Tertiary Hospital from May 2009 until April 2014. Results: During the study period we conducted a total of 94 prolonged VEEGMand we found the following results: in 30 cases (30, 9%)VEEGM was conducted as a part of pre-surgical evaluation of refractory epilepsy; in 36 (38, 3%) cases the indication was the existence of non-epileptic paroxysmal episodes. In this group in 25 (26, 5%) cases of total the indication was the presence of possible PNES, which we were able to register and confirm in 17 (68%) of cases. In 4 (16%) cases no ES or PNES were registered. In 2 (8%) patients only ES were registered and in the remaining 2 (8%) patients we registered both ES and PNES. In the remaining 28 (29, 7%) cases VEEGM was performed as a part of characterization of the ES and the epileptic syndrome, confirmation of epilepsy control and treatment modification or epileptic status. Conclusion: Proper diagnosis of PNES is the first step and the key aspect for successful treatment where the neurologist plays a key role. This study illustrates the importance of VEEGM which currently is the test of choice in the diagnosis of PNES. In our study the VEEG helped to confirm the presence of PNES in a high number of cases when the existence of these was suspected. ER  - 
Is drug use related to the choice of potentially more harmful methods in suicide attempts?$$$ Objective: To identify whether drug abuse is a risk factor for potentially more harmful methods of suicide attempts that could predict suicide comple-tion in the future. Methods: The study involved the assessment of 86 patients who attempted suicide and who were admitted to the emergency ward of a Southwestern Brazilian general hospital. Results: Most patients were women (84.9%), young adults (30.53 ± 10.4 years), and single (61.6%). Recent drug use was reported by 53.5%, and 25.6% reported the use of drugs during the 24-hour period immediately before the suicide attempt. Most patients (75.6%) ingested pills when attempting suicide-a method considered potentially less harmful. Hanging, jumping, gas inhaling, and wrist cutting accounted for 22.2% of the attempts. Considering dual diagnoses, 54.7% presented with a depressive disorder, 8.1% with a disorder on the impulse control spectrum, and 26.7% reported an associated clinical condition. Recent drug use was predictive of the severity of the suicide attempt, as it was reported by 81% of those who engaged in more harmful attempts and by 46.2% of those who used less harmful methods (P, 0.01; odds ratio = 4.96; confidence interval: 1.5-16.4). Conclusion: The identified variables associated with the use of potentially more harmful methods in suicide attempts were gender (male), presence of an impulsive control disorder, and recent use of psychoactive drugs. © the authors, publisher and licensee Libertas Academica Limited. ER  - 
A double-blind efficacy and safety study of duloxetine flexible dosing in children and adolescents with major depressive disorder$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of duloxetine flexible dose in children (7-11 years) and adolescents (12-17 years) with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: Patients (n=337) in this 36 week study (10 week acute and 26 week extension treatment) received duloxetine (60-120mg once daily [QD], n=117), fluoxetine (20-40mg QD, n=117), or placebo (n=103). Measures included: Children's Depression Rating Scale-Revised (CDRS-R), treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs), and Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS). Results: Neither active drug (duloxetine or fluoxetine) separated significantly (p<0.05) from placebo on mean change from baseline to end-point (10 weeks) on the CDRS-R total score. There were no significant differences between the duloxetine or fluoxetine groups compared with placebo on serious AEs (SAEs), total TEAEs, or discontinuation for AE during acute treatment. There were no completed suicides or deaths, and no clinically significant electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities observed during the study. One fluoxetine and one duloxetine patient experienced alanine aminotransferase (ALT) three or more times the upper limit of normal, which resolved during the study. A total of 8 (7.1%) duloxetine patients, 7 (6.8%) placebo patients, and 9 (8.0%) fluoxetine patients had worsening of suicidal ideation from baseline during acute treatment. Of the patients with suicidal ideation at baseline, 15/19 (79%) duloxetine, 19/19 (100%) placebo, and 16/19 (84%) fluoxetine had improvement in suicidal ideation at end-point during acute treatment. One duloxetine and two fluoxetine patients had treatment-emergent suicidal behavior during the 36 week study. Conclusion: Trial results were inconclusive, as neither the investigational drug (duloxetine) nor the active control (fluoxetine) separated from placebo on the CDRS-R at 10 weeks. No new duloxetine safety signals were identified relative to those seen in adults. Clinical Trial Registry Number: NCT00849901 © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Long-term use of valproic acid in US veterans is associated with a reduced risk of smoking-related cases of head and neck cancer$$$ BACKGROUND Epigenetic events play a major role in the carcinogenesis of tobacco-related cancers. The authors conducted a retrospective cohort study to evaluate the effects of exposure to the anticonvulsant agent valproic acid (VPA), a histone deacetylase inhibitor, on the risk of developing cancers of the lung, head and neck, prostate, bladder, and colon. METHODS The study was based on the 2002 through 2008 National Veterans Affairs (VA) medical SAS data set linked to the VA Central Cancer Registry. The cohort was defined as subjects aged > 40 years who were followed in the VA system for at least 1 year for 1 of 4 diagnoses for which a VPA indication exists (bipolar disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder, migraines, and seizures). Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazards ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) reflecting the association between use of VPA and cancer incidence. RESULTS VPA use was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of cancers of the head and neck (HR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.48-0.92). Additional associations were noted with the duration of treatment and median VPA drug levels. No significant differences in cancer incidence were observed for cancers of the lung (HR, 1.00; 95% CI, 0.84-1.19), bladder (HR, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.64-1.15), colon (HR, 0.95; 95% CI, 0.74-1.22), and prostate (HR, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.88-1.12). CONCLUSIONS Use of VPA is associated with a lower risk of developing head and neck cancers. Cancer 2014;120:1394-1400. © 2013 American Cancer Society. Because epigenetic changes are early events in smoking-induced carcinogenesis, the authors investigated the incidence of smoking-related cancers in patients with long-term use of the histone deacetylase inhibitor valproic acid. Use of valproic acid was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of head and neck cancer (hazards ratio, 0.66; 95% confidence interval, 0.48-0.92). © 2013 American Cancer Society. ER  - 
Central nervous system vasculitis (CNS): Analysis of 6 patients from Florence Careggi Hospital Stroke Unit$$$ Background: Primary and systemic CNS vasculites are a rare cause of various neurological disturbances including ischemic stroke, cognitive impairment, haedache, seizures, and behavioural disorders. Clinical and neuroradiological specific features are lacking, making diagnosis very difficult. The aim of the present study was to describe a clinical series of ischemic stroke patients with CNS vasculitis to give some clues that could be helpful for diagnosis. Methods: Records of patients admitted to the Stroke Unit of Careggi Hospital (Florence) between 2005 and 2013 and discharged with a diagnosis of CNS vasculitis were analyzed. Diagnosis of primary CNS vasculitis was made according to Calabrese and Mallek criteria. Systemic vasculitis with CNS involvement was diagnosed when neurological picture suggestive for vasculitis was associated with radiological and/or pathological signs of systemic vascular inflammation. Clinical and radiological findings of patients were recorded on a data base. Results: Among the analyzed records of patients, primary CNS vasculitis was diagnosed in 3, systemic vasculitis with CNS involvement in 2, and CNS vasculitis in neurosarcoidosis in 1. Clinical analysis showed that every patient had one or more ischemic stroke associated to at least another neurological symptom: cognitive impairment (4/6), headache (3/6), seizures (2/6), behavioural and/or mood disorders (3/6). Cerebral MRI analysis showed multiple/bilateral parenchimal lesions in all patients associated to at least another neuroradiological abnormality: parenchimal lesion contrast enhancement (3/6), vessel wall contrast enhancement (2/6), vasal stenosis (5/6). Conclusions: On the basis of this small series we suggest that CNS vasculitis should be suspected in ischemic stroke patients when more than one neurological clinical disturbances are found in association to more than one neuroradiological abnormalities. These clues have to be verified in a larger study. ER  - 
Pharmacological treatment of interictal psychoses in patients with epilepsy, a systematic review$$$ Objectives: Emil Kraepelin already pointed out the association between epilepsy and psychosis 100 years ago. Current research states that the lifelong prevalence of all psychotic disorders in patients with epilepsy ranges from 2-7%, of which 10-30% are interictal. These patients display classical schizophrenia-like psychotic symptoms with hallucinations and paranoid delusions. Typical and atypical anti-psychotic drugs are widely used by psychiatrists to treat psychotic disorders resulting from psychiatric or neurologic causes. The combination with epilepsy, drug-interaction and the effect of anti-psychotic medication on the seizure threshold are complicating factors. Evidence for the efficacy of pharmacological treatment is lacking, therefore a systematic review was performed of the literature to provide evidence for the guideline for the treatment of interictal psychosis in epilepsy for Kempenhaeghe, a categorical epilepsy treatment centre in Heeze, the Netherlands. The goal of this review is to establish the current evidence state on the subject. The research question is: Which anti-psychotic medication is effective and safe in the treatment of interictal psychosis? Methods: This study performed a systematic literature search in the electronic databases: Medline, Embase, Psychinfo and the Cochrane database. Two independent reviewers made a first selection on the basis of the inclusion criteria, based on the information in the titles and abstracts of the articles that were the result of the search strategies. If necessary the selection was made with the full text version of the article. If these two reviewers did not agree a third reviewer decided. References in the articles found were checked for further inclusion. Data extraction: (a) Study characteristics; (b) Patient characteristics; and (c) Intervention characteristics. Quality assessment: Cohort studies and Case control studies were assessed with the appropriate CASP (Critical Appraisal Skills Program) assessment tools. Results: The search yielded 206 articles. After application of the inclusion- and quality criteria in the final selection, six articles remained; three prospective cohort studies, one case series and two case reports. Conclusions: The literature provides an indication that anti-psychotic medication can be effective in interictal psychosis in epilepsy (grade 3). Possibly the dose needed in interictal psychosis in epilepsy can be lower than in the treatment of schizophrenic psychosis (grade 3). Possibly clozapine lowers the seizure threshold, but the literature is contradictory (grade 3). There is no evidence that other antipsychotic medications lower the seizure threshold (grade 4). There is not one anti-psychotic medication especially effective in interictal psychosis in epilepsy (grade 4). The literature does not provide evidence about the duration of treatment with anti-psychotic medications. Based on this evidence the taskforce defined recommendations for the guideline. The review and the guideline will be presented. ER  - 
Unexpected high incidence of traumatic brain injury and other coexisting neuropsychiatric disorders among 605 consecutive obsessive-compulsive disorder genetics clinic admissions$$$ While neuropsychiatric sequelae, particularly post-traumatic stress disorder, following traumatic brain injuries (TBI) have long been studied, less is known about relatively less common disorders such obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and OCD spectrum disorders. OCD has a world-wide (including US) general prevalence of 2-2.5%. Neural circuit imaging and other studies have established the critical involvement of cortico-subcortical-thalamic-cortical (SCTC) plus basal ganglia pathways as mediators of OCD symptomatology. Orbitofrontal, mesial cortical and basal ganglia lesions have most notably been associated with OCD and related disorders, although most commonly by far OCD is idiopathic. As part of an ongoing genetics study, to date 605 successive NIMH clinic admissions have been evaluated using personal interviews (SCID, based on DSM4-TR) and extensive questionnaires. Ascertainment of concussive head trauma (HT) was based on reports of loss of consciousness/confusion following automobile accidents, sports and other related types of injuries (exact wording was identical to that of a prior epidemiologic study). Those OCD subjects with HT (n=128, total n=605, 21%) were compared with other consecutive OCD proband admissions (n=477, total n=605, 79%). These two groups did not differ in demographics, including mean age, ethnicity, marital status, education level, employment or mean income-but did differ in gender, with more males in the HT group (X2=6.77, p=0.009) Seizure disorders were more frequent in those with OCD and HT (X2=12.50, p<0.001), as were co-existing tics (X2=5.69, p<0.05) co-existing Tourette syndrome (X2=9.88, p<0.01). Major depressive disorder (X2=4.92, p<0.05) and Bipolar II disorder (X2=14.64, p<0.001) but not Bipolar I disorder constituted the only other neuropsychiatric disorders that differed between the two groups. There were no differences in Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS) severity scores for obsessions or compulsions nor total YBOCS scores when OCD subjects with HT were compared to those without. A prior retrospective study found an association between head trauma and OCD in evaluating an epidemiologic, non-clinical community sample of 5034 individuals among whom 361 (8.5% weighted average) reported a history of brain trauma with loss of consciousness or confusion. An odds ratio of 2.1 was reported for OCD, representing a greater than 2-fold increase of the co-occurrence of OCD plus HT compared to controls without head injuries, after corrections for age, gender, marital status and socio-economic status. While several case reports and brief reviews have described de novo OCD and an excess of individuals with OCD following head trauma, this is the first examination of a large consecutive OCD clinic sample examining over 600 probands with OCD; 21% of individuals with OCD were found to have HT and associated co-existing features including seizures and several neuropsychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Phenethylamine poisonings reported in a French Poison Control Center$$$ Objective: During this last decade, psychostimulant drugs of the phenethylamine family have gained increasing popularity among recreational drug users.1 Unfortunately, no series has yet been published by any poison control center (PCC) about phenethylamine poisoning. The aim of this retrospective study was to describe exposures to phenethylamines reported to the Angers PCC, their circumstances, and consequences. Case series: Between January 2007 and December 2012, 77 cases of poisoning were selected, principally from western France. The sex-ratio (M/F) was 3.80 and the mean age was 26 ± 9 years. Among the products, MDMA (33 cases), amfetamine (15 cases), and metamfetamine (11 cases) were the most common. Synthetic cathinones (11 cases) and the 2C series (4 cases) were also found. The oral route was the preferred for administration (61% of cases), followed by nasal or inhalation (19%) and intravenous (10%) routes. In close to half of the cases, phenethylamines were taken alone. In the other cases, cannabis (27%), ethanol (20%), and cocaine (9%) were the most common drugs. Tachycardia (38%) and hypertension (14%) were the most frequently described cardiovascular symptoms, while anxiety and hallucinations (56%) have clouded the psychiatric picture; mydriasis and headache (44%) were frequent neurological symptoms. Complications such as seizures (n = 7), cardiac arrest (n = 4), toxic myocarditis (n = 1), and hemorrhagic stroke (n = 1) have been observed. The distribution of cases according to their Poison Severity Score2 was as follows: PSS1: 49; PSS2: 17; PSS3: 6; and PSS4: 4. Seventy-eight per cent of the patients received hospital care and nine had to be admitted in an intensive care unit. Analytical confirmation was performed for all severe cases. While 94% of patients recovered, 4 patients died and 1 patient with neurological sequelae were observed. Conclusion: Although their toxicity is underestimated by consumers, exposure to phenethylamines may be severe. Physicians, toxicologists and analysts should be alert for new trends in consumption in order to better evaluate these patients. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life in epilepsy patients receiving anti-epileptic drugs at National Referral Hospitals in Uganda: A cross-sectional study$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a devastating disorder that impacts on patients' quality of life, irrespective of use of anti epileptic drugs (AEDs). This study estimates the health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and its associated predictors among epilepsy patients receiving AEDs.Methods: A total of 175 epilepsy patients already receiving AED for at least 3 months were randomly selected and interviewed from mental clinics at Mulago and Butabika national referral hospitals in Uganda between May - July 2011. A HRQOL index, the primary outcome, was constructed using items from Quality Of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31) and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) questionnaires. The internal consistency and adequacy of these items was also computed using Cronbach's alpha and Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin tests. Partial correlations were used to evaluate the contribution of the health dimensions (mental, psychological, social, physical functioning and emotional well being) and, multiple linear regressions to determine factors independently associated with HRQOL.Results: Just about half of the respondents (54%) were males, and nearly two thirds (62%) had received AEDs for at least 12 months. The average age was 26.6 years (SD = 11.1). The overall HRQOL mean score was 58 (SD = 13) on a scale of 0-100. The average scores of different dimensions or subscales ranged from 41 (physical) to 65 (psychological). At least three quarters (75%) of all subscales had good internal consistency and adequacy. The largest variations in the overall HRQOL were explained by social and mental functioning; each accounting for about 30% of the difference in the HRQOL but seizure control features explained a little (6%) variation. Factors negatively associated with HRQOL were poly-therapy (-1.16, p = 0.01) and frequency of seizures (-2.29, p = 0.00). Other factors associated with overall HRQOL included drug side effects, sex, marital status and education. Duration on AEDs was not a significant predictor of HRQOL.Conclusion: The HRQOL for epilepsy patients on AEDs is very low. The predictors of low HRQOL were socio factors (marital status, education) and drug side effects, frequency of seizure, and type of therapy. © 2014 Nabukenya et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Development and validation of a new algorithm for attribution of neuropsychiatric events in systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to develop and validate an algorithm to assist the attribution of neuropsychiatric (NP) events to underlying disease in SLE patients. Methods: Phase 1 identified and categorized candidate items to be included in the algorithm for the attribution of an NP event to SLE and their relative weights through a literature-informed consensus-driven process. Using a retrospective training cohort of SLE, phase 2 validated items selected in phase 1 and refined weights through a data-driven process, fitting items as independent variables and expert evaluation (clinical judgement) as reference standard in logistic models. Phase 3 consisted of a validation process using an external multicentre retrospective SLE cohort. Results: Phase 1 identified four different items: timing of the NP event, type of event, confounding factors and favouring factors. The training and validating cohorts included 228 and 221 patients, respectively. Each patient experienced at least one NP event characterized using the ACR case definition. In these samples, items selected in phase 1 showed good performance in discriminating patients with NPSLE: the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve using dichotomous outcomes was 0.87 in the training set and 0.82 in the validating set. Relevant cut-offs of the validated score identify events with a positive predictive value of 100% (95% CI 93.2, 100) and 86.3% (95% CI 76.2, 93.2) in the training and validating cohorts, respectively. Conclusion: A new algorithm based on a probability score was developed and validated to determine the relationship between NP events and SLE. ER  - 
Safety of eslicarbazepine acetate in elderly subjects: A pooled analysis of five phase II placebo-controlled non-epilepsy studies$$$ OBJECTIVE:Investigate the safety of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) in elderly subjects who participated in non-epilepsy studies.BACKGROUND:ESL is a novel once-daily anticonvulsant, extensively converted after oral administration to eslicarbazepine, which blocks voltage-gated sodium- and calcium-channels. Phase II studies in non-epilepsy populations were conducted during the development of ESL but are not ongoing; ESL is not approved for any non-epilepsy indication.DESIGN/METHODS:Data were pooled from 5 randomized, placebo-controlled Phase II studies (BIA-2093-203/-204/-207/-209/-210) in adult subjects (18 years) with bipolar disorder, postherpetic neuralgia, migraine, or fibromyalgia. Subjects received placebo or ESL (400-2400 mg/day) given once- or twice-daily. Incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) was calculated in elderly subjects (60 years of age) and compared with adults aged 18-59 years.RESULTS:Elderly subjects accounted for 21.4% (88/411) and 33.0% (427/1294) of placebo- and ESL-treated subjects, respectively. ESL-treated elderly subjects were exposed to a mean daily dose of 759 mg for a mean duration of 53.0 days (61.4 patient-years' exposure). Thirty-seven (42.0%) and 243 (56.9%) of placebo- and ESL-treated elderly subjects, respectively, experienced 1 TEAE. No individual TEAE occurred in 10% of placebo- or ESL-treated elderly subjects. The most common TEAEs (5%) in elderly subjects were dizziness (5.7% vs. 9.1% for placebo and ESL), nausea (3.4% vs. 8.9%), vertigo (3.4% vs. 7.0%), headache (4.5% vs. 6.6%), vomiting (2.3% vs. 6.3%), and fatigue (1.1% vs. 5.2%). The incidence of hyponatremia was 0% vs. 1.2%. No notable differences in the incidence of all or individual TEAEs were observed in elderly subjects compared with adults aged 18-59 years (1 TEAE was experienced by 141/323 43.7% and 510/867 58.8% of placebo- and ESL-treated adults aged 18-59 years, respectively).CONCLUSIONS:The tolerability of ESL was similar in elderly and non-elderly subjects who participated in phase II non-epilepsy clinical studies. ER  - 
The effect of scheduled antibody testing on treatment patterns in interferon-treated patients with multiple sclerosis$$$ Background: Many patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS) treated with high-dose interferon-β (IFNβ) develop serum binding antibodies (BAb) and neutralizing antibodies (NAb). NAb reduces the biological activity of IFNβ, which contributes to clinical failure in these patients. We investigated whether access to antibody (Ab) test results would alter usual care of (IFNβ)-treated patients and whether BAb could predict NAb.Methods: This was a randomized, controlled, open-label, parallel-group, multicenter study in patients with multiple sclerosis. Subjects (n = 1358) were randomly assigned to Ab testing or usual care. BAb and NAb titres were measured using standard assays. Primary and secondary outcomes were the proportion of patients whose IFNβ therapy changed and the type of and reasons for therapy changes.Results: Therapy changes differed between the Ab testing and usual care arms (19.6% and 14.0%, respectively; p = 0 · 004). Results from Ab testing were more frequently reported as the reason for therapy change in the Ab testing arm than in the usual care arm (p < 0.0001). NAb and BAb positivity significantly increased the likelihood of therapy change and reduced IFNβ-associated adverse events. BAb titres were a significant predictor of NAb positivity (p = 0.0012). Initial BAb-positive and NAb-positive status in both study arms had a significant impact on the overall number of patients with a therapy change (p < 0.05).Conclusion: Access to Ab test results impacted therapy management. BAb titres can predict NAb positivity in patients on high-dose IFNβ. © 2014 Fox et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Preliminary evaluation of clinical outcome and safety of ketamine as an anesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy in schizophrenia$$$ Objectives. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective and safe option in the treatment of affective disorders and schizophrenia. One parameter known to influence ECT treatment efficacy is the choice of narcotic, and ketamine has emerged as an interesting alternative to conventional anaesthetics like barbiturates since it does not negatively influence seizure threshold. However, due to the potential to provoke dissociative symptoms, ketamine anaesthesia is rather hesitantly used in schizophrenia patients for fear of causing disease exacerbation. Methods. We retrospectively investigated clinical outcome and safety in patients treated with ECT for schizophrenia and receiving ketamine anaesthesia, either exclusively or as switch from another narcotic and compared seizure parameters to a group of ECT-treated schizophrenia patients with thiopental anaesthesia. Results. In none of the six patients undergoing ECT with ketamine did we observe disease exacerbation, and except for one patient, all patients responded or remitted under ECT. A preliminary analysis of seizure parameters shows an association with longer seizures in patients exclusively receiving ketamine. Conclusions. While the small sample size and retrospective character are limitations of our study, our preliminary results nonetheless challenge wide-spread preconceptions about the use of ketamine in schizophrenia patients and encourage further research into the option of using ketamine anaesthesia for ECT. © 2014 Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
The economic cost of nonepileptic attack disorder in Ireland$$$ The present study endeavored to calculate a conservative estimate of both incidence- and prevalence-based costs of nonepileptic attack disorder (NEAD) in Ireland by applying previously identified prevalence figures to Irish population figures. Variables related to the economic cost of NEAD were identified based on a retrospective chart review of patients diagnosed with NEAD at Beaumont Hospital, Dublin. The annual cost per patient of undiagnosed NEAD was calculated as €20,995.30. The combined cost of diagnosis and psychological treatment of NEAD was estimated at €8728. Although it is difficult to determine precise economic costings, early diagnosis and intervention would result in a significant economic saving to the exchequer, a reduction in hospital waiting-list times, and a better prognosis for patients. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Anxiety and avoidance in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: The role of implicit and explicit anxiety$$$ This study examined implicit and explicit anxiety in individuals with epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) and explored whether these constructs were related to experiential avoidance and seizure frequency. Based on recent psychological models of PNESs, it was hypothesized that nonepileptic seizures would be associated with implicit and explicit anxiety and experiential avoidance. Explicit anxiety was measured by the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory; implicit anxiety was measured by an Implicit Relational Assessment Procedure; and experiential avoidance was measured with the Multidimensional Experiential Avoidance Questionnaire. Although both groups with epilepsy and PNESs scored similarly on implicit measures of anxiety, significant implicit-explicit anxiety discrepancies were only identified in patients with PNESs (p< .001). In the group with PNESs (but not in the group with epilepsy), explicit anxiety correlated with experiential avoidance (r= .63, p<. .01) and frequency of seizures (r= .67, p<. .01); implicit anxiety correlated with frequency of seizures only (r= .56, p<. .01). Our findings demonstrate the role of implicit anxiety in PNESs and provide additional support for the contribution of explicit anxiety and experiential avoidance to this disorder. © 2014 . ER  - 
Levetiracetam and pregabalin for antiepileptic monotherapy in patients with primary brain tumors. A phase II randomized study$$$ Background. In patients with brain tumors, the choice of antiepileptic medication is guided by tolerability and pharmacokinetic interactions. This study investigated the effectiveness of levetiracetam (LEV) and pregabalin (PGB), 2 non-enzyme-inducing agents, in this setting. Methods. In this pragmatic, randomized, unblinded phase II trial (NCT00629889), patients with primary brain tumors and epilepsy were titrated to a monotherapy of LEV or PGB. Efficacy and tolerability were assessed using structured questionnaires. The primary composite endpoint was the need to discontinue the study drug, add-on of a further antiepileptic treatment, or occurrence of at least 2 seizures with impaired consciousness during 1 year follow-up. Results. Over 40 months, 25 patients were randomized to LEV, and 27 to PGB. Most were middle-aged men, with a high-grade tumor and at least one generalized convulsion. Mean daily doses were 1125 mg (LEV) and 294 mg (PGB). Retention rates were 59% in the LEV group, and 41% in the PGB group. The composite endpoint was reached in 9 LEV and 12 PGB patients - need to discontinue: side effects, 6 LEV, 3 PGB; lack of efficacy, 1 and 2; impaired oral administration, 0 and 2; add-on of another agent: 1 LEV, 4 PGB; and seizures impairing consciousness: 1 in each. Seven LEV and 5 PGB subjects died of tumor progression. Conclusions. This study shows that LEV and PGB represent valuable monotherapy options in this setting, with very good antiepileptic efficacy and an acceptable tolerability profile, and provides important data for the design of a phase III trial. © 2013 © The Author(s) 2013. ER  - 
Rapid response to methylphenidate as an add-on therapy to mirtazapine in the treatment of major depressive disorder in terminally ill cancer patients: A four-week, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study$$$ This is a 4 week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to examine the effects of methylphenidate as add-on therapy to mirtazapine compared to placebo for treatment of depression in terminally ill cancer patients. It involved 88 terminally ill cancer patients from University of Malaya Medical Centre, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. They were randomized and treated with either methylphenidate or placebo as add on to mirtazapine. The change in Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score from baseline to day 3 was analyzed by linear regression. Changes of MADRS and Clinical Global Impression-Severity Scale (CGI-S) over 28 days were analyzed using mixed model repeated measures (MMRM). Secondary analysis of MADRS response rates, defined as 50% or more reduction from baseline score. A significantly larger reduction of Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score in the methylphenidate group was observed from day 3 (B=4.14; 95% CI=1.83-6.45). Response rate (defined as 50% or more reduction from baseline MADRS score) in the methylphenidate treated group was superior from day 14. Improvement in Clinical Global Impression-Severity Scale (CGI-S) was greater in the methylphenidate treated group from day 3 until day 28. The drop-out rates were 52.3% in the methylphenidate group and 59.1% in the placebo group (relative risk=0.86, 95%CI=0.54-1.37) due to cancer progression. Nervous system adverse events were more common in methylphenidate treated subjects (20.5% vs 9.1%, p=0.13). In conclusions, methylphenidate as add on therapy to mirtazapine demonstrated an earlier antidepressant response in terminally ill cancer patients, although at an increased risk of the nervous system side effects. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP. ER  - 
The “prediction of alcohol withdrawal severity scale” (PAWSS): A new scale for the prediction of moderate to severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome$$$ Background: To date no screening tools for alcohol withdrawal syndromes (AWS) have been validated in the ICU. Although several tools quantify the severity of AWS (e.g., CIWA), none predict subjects at risk of AWS, thus missing the opportunity for timely prophylaxis. Moreover, there are no validated tools for the prediction of severe AWS in the medically ill. Our goal was to use the published literature to help guide the creation of a tool for the prediction of alcohol withdrawal among patients at risk. Methods: PubMed, PsychInfo, MEDLINE, and Cochrane Databases were searched. Eligibility criteria included: (i) manuscripts dealing with human subjects, age 18 years or older; (ii) manuscripts directly addressing descriptions of AWS or its predisposing factors, including case reports, naturalistic case descriptions and all types of clinical trial (e.g., randomized, single-blind, or open label studies); (iii) manuscript describing characteristics of AUD; (iv) manuscripts dealing with animal data were considered, only if they directly dealt with variables described in humans either corroborating or refuting human data). Obtained data was used to develop the Prediction of Alcohol Withdrawal Severity Scale (PAWSS), in order to assist in the identification of patients at risk for moderate to severe AWS. A pilot study was conducted including every patient, able to provide consent, admitted to the inpatient medicine unit over a 2-week period. Blind to PAWSS results, a separate group of researchers retrospectively examine the medical records for evidence of AWS. Results: The search produced 446 articles describing factors potentially associated with increased risk for AWS, increased severity of withdrawal symptoms, and potential characteristics differentiating subjects with various forms of AWS. A total of ten items were identified as correlated with moderate to severe AWS (i.e., withdrawal hallucinosis, withdrawal related seizures and delirium tremens). During the pilot study, a total of 69 subjects underwent evaluation with PAWSS. In this pilot sample the sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values of PAWSS were 100%. Discussion: The results of the literature search identified 10 items which may be correlated with risk for moderate to severe AWS. These items were assembled into a toll to assist in the identification of patients at risk: PAWSS. The results of this pilot study suggest that PAWSS may be useful in predicting moderate to severe AWS in medically ill, hospitalized individuals. PAWSS is the first validated tool for the prediction of severe AWS in the medically ill and its use may aid in the early identification of patients at risk for moderate-severe AWS, allowing for prophylaxis against AWS before symptoms develop. ER  - 
Neurostimulation for psychotic symptoms$$$ In recent years, there is increasing interest in neurostimulation as a treatment option for psychotic symptoms. These include 1-Hz repetitive magnetic stimulation (rTMS), with which brain activity is modulated using magnetic pulses at a 1-Hz frequency, theta-burst magnetic stimulation (TBS), which is a similar technique using intermittent short trains of magnetic pulses, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), which uses electrical current to alter brain activity and magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which induces seizures through magnetic fields. In the current symposium we present data from four research groups investigating the efficacy and neural mechanisms of these promising neurostimulation techniques. Dr. Jerome Brunelin will present data on the first double blind sham-controlled randomized clinical trial of tDCS in the treatment of psychotic symptoms as well as unpublished results concerning the neural correlates of this technique. Dr. Philipp Homan will present new findings regarding neuroimaging markers predicting response to rTMS and tDCS neurostimulation therapy. Dr. Remko van Lutterveld will present new findings concerning a large TBS double blind sham-controlled randomized clinical trial on severity of auditory verbal hallucinations and Dr. Daniel Blumberger will present new data regarding the first clinical trial using MST to treat psychotic symptoms. Dr. Renaud Jardri will lead the discussion, with a special focus on future direction to advance this research. ER  - 
Healthcare utilization and costs in children with stable and uncontrolled epilepsy$$$ Objective: Epilepsy adversely affects childhood development, possibly leading to increased economic burden in pediatric populations. We compared annual healthcare utilization and costs between children (<. 12. years old) with stable and uncontrolled epilepsy treated with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Methods: Children (<. 12. years old) with epilepsy (ICD-9-CM 345.xx or 780.39) in 2008 were identified in the MarketScan claims database from 2007 to 2009. Patients with "stable" epilepsy used the same AED for ≥. 12. months, and patients with "uncontrolled" epilepsy were prescribed additional AED(s) during that period. For patients with uncontrolled epilepsy, the study index date was the start of additional AED(s); for patients with stable epilepsy, the study index date was a random AED fill date. Epilepsy-related utilization included medical services with 345.xx or 780.39 in any diagnosis field and AED fills. Epilepsy-related costs included AEDs, medical claims with epilepsy in any diagnosis field, and certain tests. We adjusted for baseline cohort differences (demographics, region, usual-care physician specialty, and comorbidities) using logistic regression and analysis of covariance. Results: Two thousand one hundred seventy patients were identified (mean: 7.5. years; 45.3% were female; Charlson comorbidity index: 0.3; 422 (19.4%) patients with uncontrolled epilepsy). Patients with uncontrolled epilepsy faced more hospitalizations (30.1% vs. 12.0%) and greater overall ($30,343 vs. $18,206) and epilepsy-related costs ($16,894 vs. $7979) (all p<.001). Adjusting for baseline measures, patients with uncontrolled epilepsy had greater odds of hospitalization (OR: 2.5; 95% CI: 1.9-3.3) and costs (overall: $3908, p=.087; epilepsy-related: $5744, p<.001). Conclusions: Children with uncontrolled epilepsy use significantly more healthcare resources and have a greater economic burden than children with stable epilepsy. However, epilepsy accounted for only half of overall costs, indicating that comorbid conditions may add substantially to the disease burden. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Quality of life of patients with epilepsy in Malaysia$$$ Introduction: To determine the quality of life of patients with epilepsy and its relationship with depression, and the clinical and sociodemographic variables. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study in which a total of 120 epilepsy patients were recruited from a neurology outpatient clinic. Sociodemographic and clinical variables were recorded. Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (M.I.N.I.) were used to screen and diagnose for depression, respectively. Quality of Life Inventory of Epilepsy (QOLIE-31) was used to assess quality of life. Results: Patients with epilepsy with major depression had poorer quality life (36.4±1.8) compared to those without depression (41.7±3.8, P<0.001). Depression, having one seizure or more per month and having seizures within one month of interview were correlated with poorer quality of life, P<0.001. Multivariate linear regression analyses showed that depression and recent seizures predicted having poorer quality of life in patients with epilepsy. Discussion: Depression and poor seizure control were predictors for poor quality of life in patients with epilepsy. Therefore, epilepsy patients should be regularly screened for depression and treatment for epilepsy must be optimized to minimize the negative impact of having epilepsy for these patients. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental disabilities in children with intermediate and premutation range fragile X cytosine-guanine-guanine expansions$$$ To determine the range of neurodevelopmental diagnoses associated with intermediate (45-54 repeats) and premutation (55-200 repeats) range cytosine-guanine-guanine fragile X expansions, the medical records of children with intermediate or premutation range expansions were retrospectively reviewed, and all neurodevelopmental diagnoses were abstracted. Twenty-nine children (9 female, 20 male; age, 13 months to 17 years) with intermediate (n = 25) or premutation (n = 4) range expansions were identified with neurodevelopmental diagnoses, including global developmental delay/intellectual disability (n = 15), language and learning disorders (n = 9), attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (n = 5), epilepsy (n = 5), and motor disorders (n = 12), including 2 boys younger than 4 years of age with tremor and ataxia. Thus, children with intermediate or premutation range fragile X cytosine-guanine-guanine expansions may be more susceptible than children without such expansions to other processes, both genetic and environmental, that contribute to neurodevelopmental disability. © The Author(s) 2012. ER  - 
Clinical Data for Informed Medication Use in Pregnancy: Strengths, Limitations, Gaps, and a Need to Continue Moving Forward$$$ The objective of this paper is to explore the strengths, weaknesses, gaps, and needs in research on medication use in pregnancy, where opportunities have been bypassed to develop standards and collaborations for collecting data to better understand how medications can impact clinical outcomes in pregnant women and developing fetuses. The availability of existing data and the methods of its capture are reviewed, including registries, claims and health record databases, and meta-analyses. The paper focuses on why these efforts have not fundamentally provided benefit-risk information and clinical treatment algorithms for medication use in pregnant women. Methodological issues, such as lack of standardization and central data collection, are discussed. Common barriers are examined, including a lack of awareness and education, cultural hurdles, collaboration deficiency, and an insufficient development of new data collection methods. © The Author(s) 2014. ER  - 
Paraneoplastic neurological disorders in children with benign ovarian tumors$$$ Aim: Paraneoplastic neurological diseases (PND) are rare, but potentially treatable disorders. Paraneoplastic encephalitis is rapidly emerging as an important but likely under-recognized condition in children. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence and spectrum of PND in children with benign ovary tumor and the long-term outcome. Patients and methods: We retrospectively reviewed the charts of all female patients below 18. years of age diagnosed with a benign ovarian tumor proven by pathology between January 1993 and December 2010. All the clinical symptoms developed within 5. years of tumor diagnosis and the related investigations were recorded. Results: There were total 133 children and adolescents with benign ovarian tumors, mostly mature teratoma. Six patients (4.5%) had neuropsychiatric manifestations and all but one were beyond age 10. years. The most common neuropsychiatric presentations were depression or low mood (84%), headache (50%), mutism (50%), hypoventilation (50%), seizures (30%), hallucination (30%), vomiting and hypersalivation (30%). Three patients (2.2%) had serious PND including acute disseminated encephalomyelitis in 1 and anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis in 2. Although all of three improved after tumor removal, one without immunotherapy had neurological sequelae and prolonged ICU stay. Conclusion: The prevalence of PND in benign ovary tumor is not so uncommon in children. It is important to survey ovary tumors in female adolescents with subacute presentation of multiple-level involvement of neuraxis where no clear alternate diagnosis is possible. Treatment of serious PND associated with ovary tumors should include immunotherapy in addition to tumor removal. © 2013 The Japanese Society of Child Neurology. ER  - 
Catatonia in the ICU: An important and underdiagnosed cause of altered mental status. A case series and review of the literature$$$ OBJECTIVE:: Catatonia is a neuropsychiatric syndrome with motor and behavioral symptoms occurring in patients with or without a history of psychiatric illness. Although it is associated with significant morbidity and mortality, the prevalence of catatonia in the ICU setting is unknown. The diagnosis and management of catatonia in the critically ill patient raises unique challenges. Furthermore, the diagnosis and management are not included in most critical care curricula. The objective of this retrospective study is to increase the awareness of this clinically important condition among critical care providers. DESIGN:: Retrospective case series study. SETTING:: Multiple critical care units at a university-affiliated tertiary care hospital. PATIENTS:: Five critically ill patients with catatonia, aged 17 to 78. INTERVENTIONS:: None. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS:: All notes, laboratory data, imaging results, other diagnostic studies, therapeutic interventions, and responses to treatment were reviewed for five critically ill patients with catatonia. No unifying cause of catatonia or predisposing conditions were identified for these patients. Currently available diagnostic criteria for catatonia were found to be nonspecific in the ICU setting. New diagnostic criteria for catatonia specific to the critically ill patient are proposed. CONCLUSIONS:: Catatonia can occur in a wide variety of critical care settings, with or without precedent psychiatric illness, and it may be exacerbated or induced by common intensive care practices. Psychomotor findings are imperative in examination of critically ill patients with altered mental status in order to diagnose catatonia.. Copyright © 2014 by the Society of Critical Care Medicine and Lippincott. ER  - 
Utilization of care among drug resistant epilepsy patients with symptoms of anxiety and depression$$$ Purpose Epilepsy patients have a significantly higher rate of anxiety and depression than the general population, and psychiatric disease is particularly prevalent among drug resistant epilepsy patients. Symptoms of anxiety and depression might serve as a barrier to appropriate epilepsy care. The aim of this study was to determine if drug resistant epilepsy patients with symptoms of anxiety and/or depression receive different epilepsy management than controls. Method We identified 83 patients with drug resistant focal epilepsy seen at the Penn Epilepsy Center. Upon enrollment, all patients completed 3 self-report scales and a neuropsychiatric inventory and were grouped into those with symptoms of anxiety and/or depression and controls. Each patient's medical records were retrospectively reviewed for 1-2 years, and objective measures of outpatient and inpatient epilepsy management were assessed. Results At baseline, 53% (n = 43) of patients screened positive for symptoms of anxiety and/or depression. The remaining 47% (n = 38) served as controls. Patients with anxiety and/or depression symptoms had more missed outpatient visits per year compared to controls (median 0.84 vs. 0.48, p = 0.02). Patients with symptoms of both anxiety and depression were more likely to undergo an inpatient admission or procedure (56% vs. 24%, p = 0.02). Conclusion For most measures of epilepsy management, symptoms of anxiety and/or depression do not alter epilepsy care; however, drug resistant epilepsy patients with anxiety and/or depression symptoms may be more likely to miss outpatient appointments, and those with the highest burden of psychiatric symptoms may be admitted more frequently for inpatient services compared to controls. © 2013 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Semiologic classification of psychogenic non epileptic seizures (PNES) based on video EEG analysis: Do we need new classification systems?$$$ Purpose Different studies have described useful signs to diagnose psychogenic non-epileptic seizure (PNES). A few authors have tried to describe the semiologic groups among PNES patients; each group consisting of combination of features. But there is no uniformity of nomenclature among these studies. Our aim was to find out whether the objective classification system proposed by Hubsch et al. was useful and adequate to classify PNES patient population from South India. Methods We retrospectively analyzed medical records and video EEG monitoring data of patients, recorded during 3 year period from June 2010 to July 2013. We observed the semiologic features of each PNES episode and tried to group them strictly adhering to Hubsch et al. classification. Minor modifications were made to include patients who were left unclassified. Results A total of 65 patients were diagnosed to have PNES during this period, out of which 11 patients were excluded due to inadequate data. We could classify 42(77.77%) patients without modifying the defining criteria of the Hubsch et al. groups. With minor modification we could classify 94.96% patients. The modified groups with patient distribution are as follows:Class 1 - dystonic attacks with primitive gestural activities [3(5.6%)].Class 2 - paucikinetic attacks with or without preserved responsiveness [5(9.3%)].Class 3 - pseudosyncope with or without hyperventilation [21(38.9%)].Class 4 - hyperkinetic prolonged attacks with hyperventilation, involvement of limbs and/or trunk [14(25.9%)].Class 5 - axial dystonic attacks [8(14.8%)].Class 6 - unclassified type [3(5.6%)]. Conclusion This study demonstrates that the Hubsch's classification with minor modifications is useful and adequate to classify PNES patients from South India. © 2013 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Neural correlates of de novo depression following left temporal lobe epilepsy surgery: A voxel based morphometry study of pre-surgical structural MRI$$$ To investigate cerebral grey matter (GM) volumetric abnormalities in temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) patients who develop de novo depression following TLE surgery using voxel-based morphometry (VBM). Methods: We retrospectively examined pre-surgical grey matter (GM) volumes in 30 patients with TLE due to unilateral left-sided hippocampal sclerosis using 1.5-T MRI scan, which were segmented with optimised VBM parameters and normalised to a sample template using DARTEL, with SPM8 software. Voxel-wise GM differences between patients that developed de novo post-surgical depression (n= 5) were compared with patients with no pre- or postoperative psychiatric diagnoses (n= 25), using independent samples t-tests with age, gender and secondary generalised tonic-clonic seizures (SGTCS) as covariates (p< .001, unc). Key findings: Reduced preoperative bilateral GM in orbitofrontal cortices (OFC) and ipsilateral cingulate gyrus and thalamus were significantly associated with the development of de novo depression within 4 years postoperatively. Further analyses revealed no differences in seizure freedom (ILAE 1 vs 2-6) or postoperative memory decline between the groups. Significance: Although the development of postoperative de novo depression following TLE surgery is likely to be multi-factorial, our results suggest that bilateral OFC and ipsilateral cingulate gyrus and thalamic atrophy in left-sided TLE patients may play a modulatory role. Abnormalities in these areas have also been implicated in primary mood disorders. Prospective neuroimaging studies with larger cohorts are warranted to replicate these results, and further elucidate the neural correlates of de novo depression. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Rufinamide for the treatment of refractory epilepsy secondary to neuronal migration disorders$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of add-on rufinamide in children with refractory epilepsy symptomatic of neuronal migration disorders. Materials and methods: We recruited 69 patients in a prospective, open-label, add-on treatment study from six Italian and one German centers for pediatric and adolescent epilepsy care according to the following criteria: age 3 or above; focal or generalized seizures refractory to at least three previous antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), alone or in combination, secondary to neuronal migration disorders; two or more seizures per month in the last 6 months; use of another AED, but no more than three, at baseline. Informed consent from parents and/or caregivers was obtained at the time of enrollment. Results: We enrolled 69 patients with a mean age of 15 years (range 3-43). Forty-three patients (62%) had a 50-99% seizure reduction, and two (3%) became seizure-free. Seizure frequency was unchanged in 18 (26%) and worsened in 6 (8.7%). Twenty-nine patients (42%) reported adverse side effects, whilst taking rufinamide. Irritability was the most common side effect (11 patients), followed by decreased appetite (10), mood shift (6), vomiting (5), drowsiness (4), and decreased attention (2). Blood levels of concomitant anticonvulsive drugs were transiently abnormal in 5 patients. Conclusion: In our population of severely refractory epilepsy due to neuronal migration disorders, rufinamide appeared to be effective and generally well tolerated. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Impulsivity and risk taking behaviour linking bipolar disorder and epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Risk taking behaviour has been frequently associated with impulsivity in bipolar disorder patients. These may be representative of behavioural manifestations of same underlying neurobiological process. Epilepsy shares many similarities with bipolar disorders and has been postulated to have a common underlying pathophysiology. Aims and objectives: The current study evaluates and compares the parameters of impulsivity and risk taking behaviour among euthymic subjects with bipolar disorder, subjects with epilepsy and healthy control subjects. The study also aims to identify the predictors of association between impulsivity, violence and risk taking behaviour among the bipolar remitted patients and epileptic patients. Methodology: This cross-sectional study done at two tertiary care centres of North India included a consecutive sample of consenting subjects fulfilling the inclusion and exclusion criteria in three groups comprising of bipolar disorder (n = 32), epilepsy (n = 30) and healthy controls (n = 32) respectively. Subjects were assessed for socio-demographic-clinical information, impulsivity and risk taking behaviour on a semi-structured performa, Barratt Impulsivity Scale (BIS-11) and Balloon Analogue Risk Task (BART) respectively. Analysis was done utilizing SPSS ver 17.0. Results: Bipolar group subjects had a higher mean score of adjusted average pump count (AAVP) than epilepsy group and healthy control subjects (p = 0.01 and p = 0.02 respectively). Epilepsy group subjects had lower scores than controls for AAVP but only for the last 10 balloons (pv0.01). While bipolar group had comparable total scores of BIS-11 to epilepsy and control groups, epilepsy group had higher scores than healthy controls (p = 0.04). History of violence was positively correlated to history of harm to others (r = 0.71; p < 0.01), history of psychotic symptoms (r = 0.41; p < 0.05) and cognitive complexity subscale of BIS-11 (r = 0.38; p < 0.05). A positive correlation between history of self harm and impulsivity (self control and generalized) was observed. Conclusion: There is a similar presence of trait impulsivity in bipolar disorder and epilepsy patients more than the healthy population. Behavioural impulsivity is found more in epilepsy than bipolar disorder while risk taking behaviour is more in latter than former. Further studies of impulsivity should be conducted across mood states in bipolar disorder comparing with epilepsy employing neuro-imaging data in collaboration with neuropsychological tests. ER  - 
Trends in antipsychotic use in a geriatric psychiatry inpatient unit: 2002 and 2012$$$ Introduction: In 2005, The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a black box warning regarding the risks of atypical antipsychotics use among elderly patients with dementia, due to concerns about the increased mortality risks. In 2008, the FDA issued another black box warning for conventional antipsychotics. FDA warnings have impacted the use of many medications, such as acetaminophen, droperidol, cisapride, and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). After the regulatory warnings were released, several studies have shown decreased or slowed growth in the use of antipsychotics in dementia patients in the outpatient setting. We examined patterns of atypical and conventional antipsychotic medication usage in a psychiatry inpatient unit before and after the FDA's black box warning. We also investigated the use of anticonvulsants and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Our expectation was that antipsychotics would be used less after the black box warnings, not only in patients with dementia, but also in geriatric patients with other psychiatric illnesses. We hypothesized that this may have increased the use of other treatments such as anticonvulsants and ECT. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted of patients aged 65 or older admitted to the psychogeriatric inpatient unit in the years 2002 and 2012. Demographics, psychiatric diagnoses, chief complaints for the admission, ECT during hospitalization, and discharge medications were collected. Total daily dose of atypical and conventional antipsychotics, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, and mood stabilizers were collected. Results: There were 141 patients hospitalized in 2002, and 159 in 2012. In 2002, 52 patients out of 141 (36.9%) had a diagnosis of dementia at the time of dismissal. Among patients with dementia, 30 patients (57.7%) were discharged on scheduled antipsychotics. Only one patient out of 30 (3.3%) was on a conventional antipsychotic. Quetiapine was most commonly used (n=16, 55.2%), followed by olanzapine (n=9, 31.0%), and risperidone (n=3, 10.3%). In 2012, 43 patients out of 159 (27.0%) had a diagnosis of dementia at the time of dismissal. 28 (65.1%) patients with dementia were on scheduled antipsychotics. This was a slightly increase, but not a statistically significant change compared to 2002. Only one of the patients (2.3%) was on a conventional antipsychotic. Quetiapine continued to be the most frequently used agent (n=17, 39.5%), followed by olanzapine (n=6, 14.0%), and risperidone (n=3, 7.0%). ECT use did not change significantly between 2002 and 2012. In 2002, 7 (13.5%) patients with dementia received ECT during the hospitalization. In 2012, 8 (18.6%) patients with dementia were treated with ECT. Anticonvulsant use in dementia patients with behavioral dyscontrol (excluding patients with a seizure disorder, bipolar disorder, or patients receiving ECT) did not statistically change. In 2002, 6 out of 22 (27.3%) patients were on anticonvulsants for behavioral dyscontrol in the setting of dementia, compared to 5 out of 24 patients (20.8%) in 2012. A similar trend of no changes was observed in patients without dementia. In 2002, 11 out of 46 (23.9%) patients with major depressive disorder with or without psychotic features (excluding patients with dementia) were using antipsychotics. In 2012, 18 out of 69 patients (26.1%) with major depressive disorder were using antipsychotics. Conclusions: In our small inpatient sample, the use of antipsychotics in patients with dementia has not changed after the FDA black box warning. ECT or anticonvulsant use also did not show any significant difference between 2002 and 2012. Antipsychotic medication usage did not change among elderly patients without dementia. ER  - 
Seizures associated with quetiapine and lithium combination treatment: A case report$$$ It is well known that antipsychotic drugs could lower the seizure threshold. It has been shown that quetiapine causes significantly less EEG abnormalities compared to other antipsychotics. Lithium is a proconvulsant agent but apparently used safely in epileptics with bipolar disorder. Although lithium and quetiapine monotherapies seem to be safe in epileptic bipolar patients, the combination therapy of lithium with antipsychotics needs to be used cautiously because of induced seizure risk. In this article we presented a case of epileptic seizures induced by a combination therapy of quetiapine and lithium. The patient was 28 years old and had been admitted to our psychiatry clinic because of depressed mood, loss of energy, fatigue, irritability, loss of interest, insomnia and psychomotor retardation. He has had epilepsy for 16 years. He had used valproic acid for 5 years. He has got no seizure for 4 years. His depressive episode was exacerbated 6 months ago. At the time of admission, the patient was not under medical treatment. His first medical treatment was lithium. He has gone under lithium monotherapy for only 2 months. He had no seizure while he was using lithium monotherapy. In his recent history; he underwent seasonal mood şuctuations with the symptoms of insomnia, decreased need for sleep, elevated mood, increased energy, distractibility, irritability and impulsivity. He became extremely talkative, hyperactive and he began to squander money in spring and summer. Bipolar disorder I, depressive episode was diagnosed according to the (DSM)-IV-TR. Lithium and quetiapine treatment was started. After 2 weeks of treatment the patient had many seizures in a day. He had a humeral fracture due to an epileptic seizure and his EEG showed generalized epileptiform activity. Lithium and quetiapine were stopped and valproic acid was started. In a study that investigated the risk of EEG abnormalities associated with the use of various antipsychotic drugs; EEG abnormality risk was particularly high with clozapine and olanzapine, moderate with risperidone and typical neuroleptics, and low with quetiapine. In another study, the effects of the atypical antipsychotics quetiapine and olanzapine and the typical antipsychotic haloperidol on EEG patterns were retrospectively investigated in 81 patients. EEG abnormalities seemed to occur rarely in patients treated with quetiapine comparable to the control group. In a clinical trial with 3700 patients, the occurrence of seizures in patients treated with quetiapine was no greater than that observed in patients receiving placebo. Although lithium-neuroleptic combination treatment is largely safe, there is growing evidence that some patients were sensitive to such combination and at increased risk of significant and disturbing side-effects. The most important hypotheses are that lithium- antipsychotic treatment might cause neurotoxicity by increasing dopamine receptor blockade. Our patient was using lithium and quetiapine concurrently. He has not had any epileptic seizures for the last four years until the seizures were induced with the use of quetiapine and lithium. We suggest that Lithium- antipsychotic treatment should be used with caution, as this combination treatment might be associated with a relatively greater risk of seizures. The probability of induction of seizures with Lithium- antipsychotic treatment should always be kept in mind. ER  - 
Association between breath holding spells and insecure attachment pattern in young children: Four case reports$$$ Objective: Breath holding spell (BHS) is a paroxysmal, non-epileptic disorder, which affects 0.1-4.6% of young children. Iron deficiency anemia is one of the causes of BHS. Studies have shown that mothers of children with BHS have more life stresses than those of the mothers of typically grown children. There are only a few studies, which evaluate the mother-child attachment pattern and associated psychopathology in children with BHS. We aimed to investigate the relationship between BHS and mother-child attachment pattern in young children. Method: 11 children diagnosed with BHS in the Pediatric Neurology clinic were reevaluated in the Child Psychiatry clinic. Blood sample were taken for hemogram, serum calcium, glucose and ferritin levels. Their EEG, EKG and ECHO tests were made. Strange Situation Test (SST) was administered to identify the mother-child attachment pattern. In addition, mothers completed Maternal Attachment Inventory (MAI), Maternal Separation Anxiety Inventory (MSAI) and Child Behavior Checklist for ages 2-3 (CBCL). Results: Psychiatric assessments and psychometric tests revealed that 4/11 children had insecure (anxious/ambivalent) attachment style. Case 1, Case 2 and Case 3 were boys while case 4 was a girl and their ages were 4, 2, 2.5 and 2 years, respectively. They were all diagnosed as cyanotic BHS. Laboratory test results were normal for case 3 while all the values were normal for case 1, 2 and 4 except for a slightly low Hob and serum Fe++ values, which implicated slight anemia. EEG, EKG and ECHO test results of all the cases were normal. The caretakers were mother and grandmother for case 3 while the only caretaker for others was the mother. Anxious-ambivalent attachment score from MAI (20.5) which was found to be higher than all the other attachment scores showed that all the mothers had anxious-insecure attachment. In accordance with these findings, MSAI total scores of the cases were much higher than cut-off value. Anxiety-depression scores of CBCL were higher than Samsun means in all of the patients (8, 9, and 10, respectively) and they indicated anxiety in a clinical level. Conclusion: Previous studies reported a significant maturational delay in the brain myelination of BHS patients compared to control subjects. In addition, myelination defects were also shown in child and adult anxiety disorder cases. A possible myelination problem can cause both anxiety and BHS. Higher anxiety that occurs because of a trauma is previously claimed to be an important determiner of breath holding time. The results suggest that the treatment of anxiety could be beneficial for BHS. The association between BHS, maternal anxiety and anxious-ambivalent attachment style of the toddler should be researched in further randomized-controlled studies. ER  - 
A randomized comparison of ketamine versus methohexital anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ To assess the clinical utility of ketamine as an anesthetic agent for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), based upon recent findings that ketamine may have antidepressant properties. Depressed ECT patients were randomly assigned to receive anesthesia with either ketamine or methohexital. Outcome measures included assessments of depressive severity, cognition, post-anesthesia side effects, and hemodynamics. Twenty one patients were treated with ketamine and 17 with methohexital. There were no significant differences in depression or cognitive outcomes between the two drugs. Additionally, there were no measures of post-anesthesia tolerability or hemodynamics which favored ketamine. Ketamine anesthesia does not accelerate the antidepressant effect of ECT or diminish the cognitive side effects, at least as measured in this study. Furthermore, there is no apparent benefit of ketamine for speed or quality of post-ECT recovery, and it is associated with higher systolic blood pressures after the treatments. Ketamine is associated with longer motor seizure duration than methohexital. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Cotrimoxazole prophylaxis versus mefloquine intermittent preventive treatment to prevent malaria in HIV-infected pregnant women: Two randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Malaria during pregnancy has serious consequences that are worsened by HIV infection. Malaria preventive measures for HIV-infected pregnant women include cotrimoxazole (CTX) prophylaxis given to prevent HIV-related opportunistic infections and also protective against malaria, or intermittent preventive treatment (IPTp) with an antimalarial drug. Here, we present the first study evaluating CTX efficacy versus mefloquine (MQ)-IPTp, alone and in combination, in HIV-infected pregnant women. Methods: We conducted 2 randomized, open-label, noninferiority trials in Benin. In the CTX-mandatory trial, HIV-infected women with CD4 counts of <350 per cubic millimeter received CTX either alone or with MQ-IPTp (N = 292). In the CTX-not-mandatory trial (CD4 count >350/mm3), CTX was compared with MQ-IPTp (N = 140). In both the trials, the primary end point was microscopic placental parasitemia. Results: At delivery, 1 woman in each CTX-alone treatment group exhibited placental parasitemia, versus no women in the groups receiving MQ. CTX alone demonstrated noninferiority in the CTXmandatory trial. However, polymerase chain reaction-detected placental parasitemia was markedly reduced in the CTX + MQ group compared with CTX alone (0/105 vs. 5/103, P = 0.03). Because of insufficient recruitment in the CTX-not-mandatory trial, noninferiority could not be conclusively assessed. Dizziness and vomiting of moderate intensity were reported by 34%-37% of women receiving MQ in both the trials, versus 0%-3% in CTX groups (P < 0.0001). No serious adverse events related to these drugs were found. Conclusions: CTX alone provided adequate protection against malaria in HIV-infected pregnant women, although MQ-IPTp showed higher efficacy against placental infection. Although more frequently associated with dizziness and vomiting, MQ-IPTp may be an effective alternative given concerns about parasite resistance to CTX. Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. ER  - 
Daily interruption of sedation in critically ill children: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: In adult patients who are critically ill and mechanically ventilated, daily interruption of sedation (DSI) is an effective method of improving sedation management, resulting in a decrease of the duration of mechanical ventilation, the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) and the length of stay in the hospital. It is a safe and effective approach and is common practice in adult ICUs. For critically ill children it is unknown if DSI is effective and feasible. The aim of this multicenter randomized controlled trial is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of daily sedation interruption in critically ill children.Methods/Design: Children between 0 and 18 years of age who require mechanical ventilation, with an expected duration of at least 48 h and need for sedative infusion, will be included. After enrollment patients will be randomly assigned to DSI in combination with protocolized sedation (intervention group) or protocolized continuous sedation (control group). A sedation protocol that contains an algorithm for increasing and weaning of sedatives and analgesics will be used. The sedative infusion will be restarted if the patient becomes uncomfortable or agitated according to the sedation protocol. The primary endpoint is the number of ventilator-free days at 28 days.Trial registration: NTR2030. © 2014 Vet et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Safety of a quadrivalent meningococcal serogroups A, C, W and Y conjugate vaccine (MenACWY-CRM) administered with routine infant vaccinations: Results of an open-label, randomized, phase 3b controlled study in healthy infants$$$ Background: The highest risk for invasive meningococcal disease (IMD) is in infants aged <1 year. Quadrivalent meningococcal conjugate vaccination has the potential to prevent IMD caused by serogroups A, C, W and Y. This phase 3b, multinational, open-label, randomized, parallel-group, multicenter study evaluated the safety of a 4-dose series of MenACWY-CRM, a quadrivalent meningococcal conjugate vaccine, concomitantly administered with routine vaccinations to healthy infants. Methods: Two-month-old infants were randomized 3:1 to receive MenACWY-CRM with routine vaccines or routine vaccines alone at ages 2, 4, 6 and 12 months. Adverse events (AEs) that were medically attended and serious adverse events (SAEs) were collected from all subjects from enrollment through 18 months of age. In a subset, detailed safety data (local and systemic solicited reactions and all AEs) were collected for 7 days post vaccination. The primary objective was a non-inferiority comparison of the percentages of subjects with ≥1 severe systemic reaction during Days 1-7 after any vaccination of MenACWY-CRM plus routine vaccinations versus routine vaccinations alone (criterion: upper limit of 95% confidence interval [CI] of group difference <6%). Results: A total of 7744 subjects were randomized with 1898 in the detailed safety arm. The percentage of subjects with severe systemic reactions was 16% after MenACWY-CRM plus routine vaccines and 13% after routine vaccines alone (group difference 3.0% (95% CI -0.8, 6.4%). Although the non-inferiority criterion was not met, post hoc analysis controlling for significant center and group-by-center differences revealed that MenACWY-CRM plus routine vaccinations was non-inferior to routine vaccinations alone (group difference -0.1% [95% CI -4.9%, 4.7%]). Rates of solicited AEs, medically attended AEs, and SAEs were similar across groups. Conclusion: In a large multinational safety study, a 4-dose series of MenACWY-CRM concomitantly administered with routine vaccines was clinically acceptable with a similar safety profile to routine vaccines given alone. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Disentangling the relationship between epilepsy and its behavioral comorbidities - The need for prospective studies in new-onset epilepsies$$$ It has been long recognized that there is more to epilepsy than seizures. The prevalence of such neurobehavioral abnormalities as cognitive and mood disorders, autism spectrum disorder, and attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is significantly higher among patients with epilepsy than in the general population. A long-held view that comorbidities of epilepsy represent mere epiphenomena of seizures has undergone substantial transformation during the past decade, as emerging clinical evidence and experimental evidence suggest the involvement of specific neurobiological mechanisms in the evolution of neurobehavioral deficits in patients with epilepsy. Developmental aspects of both epilepsy and its comorbidities, as well as the frequently reported reciprocal connection between these disorders, both add other dimensions to the already complex problem.In light of progress in effective seizure management in many patients with epilepsy, the importance of neurobehavioral comorbidities has become acute, as the latter are frequently more detrimental to patients' quality of life compared with seizures. This calls for a serious increase in efforts to effectively predict, manage, and ideally cure these comorbidities. Coordinated multicenter clinical, translational, and basic research studies focusing on epidemiology, neuropsychology, neurophysiology, imaging, genetics, epigenetics, and pharmacology of neurobehavioral comorbidities of epilepsy are absolutely instrumental for ensuring tangible progress in the field. Clinical research should focus more on new-onset epilepsy and put particular emphasis on longitudinal studies in large cohorts of patients and groups at risk, while translational research should primarily focus on the development of valid preclinical systems which would allow investigating the fundamental mechanism of epilepsy comorbidities.The final goal of the described research efforts would lie in producing an armamentarium of evidence-based diagnostic tools and therapeutic interventions which would at minimum mitigate and at maximum prevent or abolish neurobehavioral comorbidities of epilepsy and, thus, improve the quality of life of those patients with epilepsy who suffer from the said comorbidities. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Sevoflurane/remifentanil versus propofol/remifentanil for electroconvulsive therapy: Comparison of seizure duration and haemodynamic responses$$$ Objective: To compare the anaesthetic and convulsive effects of sevoflurane/remifentanil versus propofol/remifentanil combination in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: In this prospective, randomized double-blind study, patients diagnosed with treatment-resistant depression were included for ECT. Prior to treatment, 1 μg/kg remifentanil was intravenously administered to all patients, followed by anaesthetic induction with either 0.5 mg/kg propofol or 8% sevoflurane. Following muscular paralysis with succinylcholine and hypnosis, bitemporal ECT was applied. Vital signs, depth of sedation, recovery parameters, motor and electroencephalography (EEG) convulsion activity and postictal suppression index scores were recorded. Results: A total of 120 sessions of ECT were administered to 12 patients. Heart rate was higher in the sevoflurane group than the propofol group. Compared with the sevoflurane group, bispectral index level was lower in the propofol group during the induction period and higher during the recovery period. Anaesthetic induction and recovery times were lower, and average motor and EEG convulsion activity was longer, in the propofol group than in the sevoflurane group. Conclusion: Propofol/remifentanil is more successful compared with sevoflurane/remifentanil in anaesthesia management during ECT since it provides quick induction and recovery, longer seizure activity and stable haemodynamics. © The Author(s) 2014. ER  - 
Assessing potential glycemic overtreatment in persons at hypoglycemic risk$$$ IMPORTANCE Although serious hypoglycemia is a common adverse drug event in ambulatory care, current performance measures do not assess potential overtreatment. OBJECTIVE To identify high-risk patients who had evidence of intensive glycemic management and thus were at risk for serious hypoglycemia. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Cross-sectional study of patients in the Veterans Health Administration receiving insulin and/or sulfonylureas in 2009. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Intensive controlwas defined as the last hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) measured in 2009 that was less than 6.0%, less than 6.5%, or less than 7.0%. The primary outcome measure was an HbA1c less than 7.0% in patients who were aged 75 years or older who had a serum creatinine value greater than 2.0mg/dL or had a diagnosis of cognitive impairment or dementia.We also assessed the rates in patients with other significant medical, neurologic, or mental comorbid illness. Variation in rates of possible glycemic overtreatment was evaluated among 139 Veterans Health Administration facilities grouped within 21 Veteran Integrated Service Networks. RESULTS There were 652 378 patients who received insulin and/or a sulfonylurea with an HbA1c test result. Fifty percent received sulfonylurea therapy without insulin; the remainder received insulin therapy.We identified 205 857 patients (31.5%) as the denominator for the primary outcome measure; 11.3%had a last HbA1c value less than 6.0%, 28.6%less than 6.5%, and 50.0%less than 7.0%. Variation in rates by Veterans Integrated Service Network facility ranged 8.5%to 14.3%, 24.7%to 32.7%, and 46.2%to 53.4%for HbA1c less than 6.0%, less than 6.5%, and less than 7.0%, respectively. The magnitude of variation by facility was larger, with overtreatment rates ranging from 6.1% to 23.0%, 20.4%to 45.9%, and 39.7%to 65.0%for HbA1c less than 6.0%, less than 6.5%, and less than 7.0%, respectively. The maximum rate was nearly 4-fold compared with the minimum rates for HbA1c less than 6.0%, followed by 2.25-fold for HbA1c less than 6.5%and less than 2-fold for HbA1c less than 7.0%. When comorbid conditions were included, 430 178 patients (65.9%) were identified as high risk. Rates of overtreatment were 10.1%for HbA1c less than 6.0%, 25.2%for less than 6.5%, and 44.3%for less than 7.0%. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Patients with risk factors for serious hypoglycemia represent a large subset of individuals receiving hypoglycemic agents; approximately one-half had evidence of intensive treatment. A patient safety indicator derived from administrative data can identify high-risk patients for whom reevaluation of glycemic management may be appropriate, consistent with meaningful use criteria for electronic medical records. Copyright © 2014 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Seizure severity and health-related quality of life of adult Nigerian patients with epilepsy$$$ Objectives: There is paucity of information about the association of seizure severity and quality of life in people with epilepsy (PWE) in sub-Saharan Africa. We evaluated the relationship of seizure severity to health-related quality of life of patients with epilepsy being followed up in an outpatient neurology clinic in southwestern Nigeria. Materials and methods: Eighty-eight consecutive patients with epilepsy who met the recruitment criteria completed the study questionnaire in company of an eyewitness. The study questionnaire comprised of the National Hospital Seizure Severity Scale (NHS3), the Quality of Life Inventory in Epilepsy (QOLIE-31), and the Beck's Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II). Results: We found a minute association between seizure severity and QOLIE-31 total score (r = -0.262, P = 0.014). Increased seizure severity predicted a worse QOLIE-31 seizure worry (R2 = 0.311, β = -0.289; P = 0.003). Of the seven seizure severity items, generalization of seizures and presence of falls were items that predicted a worse QOLIE-31 seizure worry score and time to recover predicted a worse QOLIE-31 total score. Conclusions: Reducing seizure severity may be an alternate endpoint in epilepsy care in Nigeria (particularly difficult to control seizures) because of its practical clinical relevance in view of the fact that state-of-the-art epilepsy care is still farfetched. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Physical comorbidity and its relevance on mortality in schizophrenia: A naturalistic 12-year follow-up in general hospital admissions$$$ Schizophrenia is a major psychotic disorder with significant comorbidity and mortality. Patients with schizophrenia are said to suffer more type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and diabetogenic complications. However, there is little consistent evidence that comorbidity with physical diseases leads to excess mortality in schizophrenic patients. Consequently, we investigated whether the burden of physical comorbidity and its relevance on hospital mortality differed between patients with and without schizophrenia in a 12-year follow-up in general hospital admissions. During 1 January 2000 and 31 June 2012, 1418 adult patients with schizophrenia were admitted to three General Manchester NHS Hospitals. All comorbid diseases with a prevalemce ≥1 % were compared with those of 14,180 age- and gender-matched hospital controls. Risk factors, i.e. comorbid diseases that were predictors for general hospital mortality were identified using multivariate logistic regression analyses. Compared with controls, schizophrenic patients had a higher proportion of emergency admissions (69.8 vs. 43.0 %), an extended average length of stay at index hospitalization (8.1 vs. 3.4 days), a higher number of hospital admissions (11.5 vs. 6.3), a shorter length of survival (1895 vs. 2161 days), and a nearly twofold increased mortality rate (18.0 vs. 9.7 %). Schizophrenic patients suffered more depression, T2DM, alcohol abuse, asthma, COPD, and twenty-three more diseases, many of them diabetic-related complications or other environmentally influenced conditions. In contrast, hypertension, cataract, angina, and hyperlipidaemia were less prevalent in the schizophrenia population compared to the control population. In deceased schizophrenic patients, T2DM was the most frequently recorded comorbidity, contributing to 31.4 % of hospital deaths (only 14.4 % of schizophrenic patients with comorbid T2DM survived the study period). Further predictors of general hospital mortality in schizophrenia were found to be alcoholic liver disease (OR = 10.3), parkinsonism (OR = 5.0), T1DM (OR = 3.8), non-specific renal failure (OR = 3.5), ischaemic stroke (OR = 3.3), pneumonia (OR = 3.0), iron-deficiency anaemia (OR = 2.8), COPD (OR = 2.8), and bronchitis (OR = 2.6). There were no significant differences in their impact on hospital mortality compared to control subjects with the same diseases except parkinsonism which was associated with higher mortality in the schizophrenia population compared with the control population. The prevalence of parkinsonism was significantly elevated in the 255 deceased schizophrenic patients (5.5 %) than in those 1,163 surviving the study period (0.8 %, OR = 5.0) and deceased schizophrenic patients had significantly more suffered extrapyramidal symptoms than deceased control subjects (5.5 vs. 1.5 %). Therefore patients with schizophrenia have a higher burden of physical comorbidity that is associated with a worse outcome in a 12-year follow-up of mortality in general hospitals compared with hospital controls. However, schizophrenic patients die of the same physical diseases as their peers without schizophrenia. The most relevant physical risk factors of general hospital mortality are T2DM, COPD and infectious respiratory complications, iron-deficiency anaemia, T1DM, unspecific renal failure, ischaemic stroke, and alcoholic liver disease. Additionally, parkinsonism is a major risk factor for general hospital mortality in schizophrenia. Thus, optimal monitoring and management of acute T2DM and COPD with its infectious respiratory complications, as well as the accurate detection and management of iron-deficiency anaemia, of diabetic-related long-term micro- and macrovascular complications, of alcoholic liver disease, and of extrapyramidal symptoms are of utmost relevance in schizophrenia. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
How long shall we record electroencephalography?$$$ Background: The duration of electroencephalography (EEG) recordings varies widely among laboratories. Although several recommendations had been published, there are no previous studies directly addressing this. Aims of the study: To assess the effect of the recording duration on detection of EEG abnormalities in a tertiary referral centre for epilepsy. Methods: We have reviewed 1005 EEG recordings and determined the shortest recording duration necessary to identify interictal EEG abnormalities. Results: Standard, awake recordings shorter than 20 min yielded a significantly lower incidence of abnormal findings as compared to longer recordings. Although there was an increase in the diagnostic yield from 30 to 180 min recording duration, this failed to reach the level of significance. For sleep recordings, there was no significant increase in the diagnostic yield beyond 30 min. Conclusions: Our results provide evidence for recommending at least 20 min recording duration for standard awake EEGs and 30 min for sleep EEG recordings. As data were derived from patients referred to our epilepsy centre, the results are only valid for epilepsy-related indications. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Predictors of mortality in atypical antipsychotic-treated community-dwelling elderly patients with behavioural and psychological symptoms of dementia: A prospective population-based cohort study from Italy$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the effect of a broad range of covariates on the survival of a real-life long-term follow-up cohort of community-dwelling patients with behavioural and psychological symptoms of dementia who were new users of atypical antipsychotic medications (APMs). Methods: This was a prospective cohort study of 1,618 subjects aged ≥65 years with dementia and BPSD ("behavioural and psychological symptoms of dementia") who were new users of atypical APMs and registered in a Dementia Evaluation Unit of Campania Region (Italy) from September 2006 to March 2010. The potential of baseline features to predict mortality was assessed with the Cox proportional hazards model. Results: The average follow-up was 309 days. Of the 1,618 new users of atypical antipsychotics, 9.3 % experienced at least one adverse event, including death (5.1 %), drug therapeutic failure (3.0 %), extrapyramidal symptoms (0.5 %) and stroke (0.2 %). The crude all-cause mortality rate was 6.0 per 100 person-years [95 % confidence interval (CI) 4.8-7.4]; the rate was higher in patients aged >85 years (9.0 per 100 person-years, 95 % CI 6.4-12.7) and among male patients (7.5 per 100 person-years, 95% CI 5.3-10.6). In the multivariate analysis, only age was associated to all-cause mortality [hazard ratio (HR) 1.1; 95 % CI 1.0-1.1 and HR 1.4; 95 % CI: 0.9-2.2, respectively). In contrast, hallucination (HR 0.4; 95 % CI 0.2-0.6) and dosage change (HR 0.4; 95 % CI 0.2-0.78) were significantly associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality. Conclusions: Among our patient cohort, the mortality rate of patients with BPSD receiving long-term treatment with atypical APMs was lower than that reported in other studies, and only age was found to be significant predictor factor of mortality. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Augmentation of clozapine with ziprasidone in refractory schizophrenia: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ The present 16-week double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial was aimed to explore the efficacy of ziprasidone add-on pharmacotherapy on clinical symptoms and cognitive functioning in 40 schizophrenic patients (active group, n = 20; placebo group, n = 20) with residual symptoms (Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale mean [SD] baseline total score in active group vs placebo, 40.4 [5.9] vs 37.9 [6.8]) despite receiving clozapine monotherapy at the highest tolerated dosage. The results obtained evidenced that ziprasidone augmentation of clozapine significantly reduced Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale "Negative" (P = 0.006, mean change [SD] in active group vs placebo, -2.7 [2.3] vs 1.1 [2.1], Cohen d = 1.7) and "General Psychopathology" (P = 0.009, mean change [SD] in active group vs placebo, -5.3 [3.8] vs -0.7 [2.0], Cohen d = 1.5). Regarding cognitive domains, ziprasidone was more effective than placebo in improving semantic fluency (P < 0.0001, mean change [SD] in active group vs placebo, 4.4 [3.5] vs -0.1 [4.1], Cohen d = 1.2). Ziprasidone had only a small effect on prolongation of heart-rate corrected QT interval (QTc) of the electrocardiogram, not significantly different from placebo (QTc milliseconds, mean [SD], week 16 in active group vs placebo, 408.17 [20.85] vs 405.45 [17.11], P = 0.321); within-group comparison revealed that QTc prolongation induced by ziprasidone was statistically significant (baseline vs week 16, P = 0.002).Ziprasidone added to clozapine was effective on negative and cognitive symptoms, although it may be proposed as a helpful treatment in schizophrenia, mainly for those patients who partially respond to clozapine monotherapy. © 2014 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Prolonged psychogenic nonepileptic seizures or pseudostatus$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to determine if patients with episodes of prolonged psychogenic nonepileptic seizures or pseudostatus are different from those with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) without prolonged attacks regarding their demographic and clinical characteristics and factors potentially predisposing to PNESs. Methods: In this prospective study, all patients with a clinical diagnosis of PNESs (based on ictal recordings) were recruited at the outpatient epilepsy clinic at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences from 2008 through 2013. The epileptologist interviewed all the patients. We compared the demographic and clinical characteristics of patients with PNES-status with those with PNES-only. Results: Two hundred and eleven patients were studied. Forty-nine patients (23.2%) reported episodes of PNES-status, and 162 patients (76.8%) did not report PNES-status. There were no significant differences between these two groups of patients regarding the demographic and clinical characteristics and factors potentially predisposing to PNESs. Conclusion: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizure status (PNES-status) is relatively common among patients with PNESs. It seems that patients with PNES-status are not different from those with PNES-only, at least regarding the demographic and clinical characteristics and factors potentially predisposing to PNESs. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Longitudinal association between epilepsy and schizophrenia: A population-based study$$$ A large number of studies have reported an association between epilepsy and major psychiatric conditions. This study investigated the association between epilepsy and later schizophrenia, utilizing a historical-prospective, population-based design. Of the 861,062 17-year-old male adolescents consecutively screened by the Israeli Draft Board and found free of major mental illness, 0.06% suffered from severe, treatment-refractory epilepsy, 0.25% had treated, controlled epilepsy, and 0.16% had a history of seizures which had abated 5 or more years prior to screening. Hospitalization for schizophrenia was ascertained through the Israeli National Psychiatric Hospitalization Case Registry, with an average follow-up of 9.6. ±. 1.0. years (range: 1.0-10.0. years). Risk of hospitalization was calculated using Cox regression analyses, compared to socioeconomic-adjusted risk of hospitalization in the general population of male adolescents. Among adolescents whose epilepsy was nonresponsive to medication, the adjusted risk of hospitalization was significantly increased for schizophrenia (HR=3.89, 95% CI=1.75-89.67). Male adolescents with successfully treated epilepsy were not at increased risk for schizophrenia.Male adolescents with severe, treatment-refractory epilepsy are at increased risk of later schizophrenia. Future studies attempting to understand the biology of this association might focus on this subset of patients, and these patients should be monitored for the appearance of psychosis. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and suicide: A systematic review of adverse effects$$$ Background: Since the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) report on antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and suicide risk was released (2008), several studies have been published on this controversial relationship. This systematic review (SR) gives an updated approach to this health issue. Summary: We searched 6 databases. We ultimately included 11 publications: 4 cohort studies, 1 case-crossover study, 2 community case-control studies, and 4 SRs. Overall, 1 SR described studies already included; 3 studies reported a 2- to 4-fold overall increase in risk; 1 study reported an increased risk of suicide among epilepsy patients on AEDs with high risk of depression; 1study showed a protective effect among epilepsy patients; 2 studies were conducted with patients with bipolar disorder (1 showed a protective effect, whereas the other showed a 3-fold increase in risk of suicide), and the other 3 studies reported results for single AEDs. Several biases affected the published results. Key Messages: There is no clear evidence of an association between the use of AEDs and an increased risk of suicide because of the heterogeneity in the studies at the clinical and methodological level. A future study should cover all indications for use, retrieve information from a healthcare database, and include a defined set of covariates to avoid bias. © 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Major depressive disorder and neurovascular unit dysfunction with blood-brain barrier hyperpermeability: A critical analysis of human and experimental data$$$ Introduction: About one-third of people with major depressive disorder (MDD) fail at least two antidepressant drug trials within the first year of treatment. Together with clinical and experimental evidence indicating that the pathophysiology of MDD is multifactorial, this observation underscores the importance of elucidating mechanisms beyond monoaminergic dysregulation that can contribute to the genesis and persistence of MDD. Methods: In contrast to other major psychiatric disorders, MDD is frequently comorbid with such neurological disorders and constitutes an independent risk factor for morbidity and mortality in disorders characterized by vascular endothelial dysfunction (cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus). Oxidative stress and neuroinflammation are mechanistically linked to the presence of neurovascular dysfunction with blood-brain barrier (BBB) hyperpermeability in selected neurological disorders, such as stroke, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, traumatic brain injury, and Alzheimer's disease. We review accumulating evidence linking neurovascular dysfunction with BBB hyperpermeability to primary MDD without neurological comorbidity, and present a theoretical integration between these abnormalities to those involving oxidative stress and neuroinflammation in MDD. Results: Evidence of an association between MDD and neurovascular dysfunction is indirect, deriving primarily from studies assessing peripheral vascular endothelial dysfunction in MDD and from epidemiological data associating MDD with vascular disorders. The relative uptake ratio (RUR) of blood flow after hyperemic challenge has been validated as an index of endothelial function in clinical settings. A prospective cohort showed that the unadjusted mean RUR was significantly lower among 23 participants with MDD and 23 with minor depressive disorder compared with 277 nondepressed controls (P = .001); this effect remained significant after adjusting for age, sex, socioeconomic factors, medical comorbidity, andmedications (P = .006). Another study found a significantly increased percentage of proapoptotic nuclei in participants with MDD compared with non-depressed controls (P ≤ .001); this effect remained significant after adjusting for age and cardiovascular comorbidity. A recent metaanalysis involving 16 221 participants showed that MDD risk was higher among those with vascular diseases compared with thosewithout: diabetes (OR 1.5, 95% UI 1.3-1.8, P < .0005, 15 studies), cardiovascular disease (OR 1.8, 95% UI 1.1-1.8, P < .0005, 10 studies), and stroke (OR 2.1, 95% UI 1.6-2.8, P < .0005, 10 studies), and ≥2 classic vascular disease risk factors (OR 1.5, 95% UI 1.3-1.7, P < .0005, 18 studies); effects remained significant after adjusting for chronic illness and disability. Other meta-analyses have shown that MDD is associated with a 3-fold increased risk of cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality. A more recent individual participant-level meta-analysis replicated this finding. Evidence of an elevated CSF-to-serum albumin ratio in some MDD patients is suggestive of mild hyperpermeability of blood-brain and/or blood-CSF barriers. A cross-sectional study of elderly women without dementia an elevated mean CSF-to-serum albumin ratio among the 11 with MDD and three with dysthymia relative to 70 non-depressed controls (P < .015). Another reported themean CSF-to-serumalbumin ratio in 9 of 24 participatns with affective disorders was 22- 89% greater than the upper UI bound from the mean of 4 100 age-matched healthy controls. Evidence deriving from genetic, neuropathological, cerebrospinal fluid, and serum studies in humans with MDD and from animal models of depressive-like behavior and chronic stress reveal numerous neuroinflammatory abnormalities in MDD, including: (a) microglial activation, (b) astroglial loss and activation [20,21], (c) upregulated ratios of T helper 1 (Th1) cells and proinflammatory cytokines, and (d) decreased CD4+ CD25+ FOXP3+ regulatory T (TReg) cell counts. Both oxidative stress and neuroinflammation may contribute to decrease serotonergic and increased glutamatergic tone, and increased glutamatergic tonemay in turn contribute to oxidative stress and neuroinflammation in a positive feedback loop. In addition, experimental evidence suggests that increased reactive oxygen species (ROS) synthesis (oxidative stress) and neuroinflammation themselves exhibit a bidirectional relationship (Fig. 1). Conclusions: Neurovascular dysfunction with BBB hyperpermeability may occur in MDD. Cumulative clinical and experimental evidence implicates oxidative stress, eNOS uncoupling, and reduced endothelial NO levels in the pathophysiology of peripheral vascular endothelial dysfunction associated with MDD.2-4 Further studies evaluating the relationship between these abnormalities and individuals with MDD may help identify novel therapeutic and preventative approaches. Our theoretical integration of the human and animal data links oxidative stress, eNOS uncoupling, low endothelial NO levels, and neuroinflammation to putative neurovascular and BBB abnormalities in MDD. If future studies confirm their relevance to the pathophysiology of MDD, novel agents correcting these abnormalities may prove to be effective treatment strategies. ER  - 
Ratesofcardiovascularrisk factorsandotherchronic health outcomes among young adults formerly in foster care in comparison to economically insecure and secure general population young adults$$$ Purpose: Foster youth are known to have high rates of chronic and/or untreated health conditions upon entrance into the foster system, as well as during their stays in out-of-home care. However little work has been done to determine whether young adults who emancipate from foster care are vulnerable to increased health problems once they transition to adulthood. Our objective was to evaluate rates of several cardiovascular risk factors and other chronic conditions among young adults formerly in foster care in comparison to two groups of general population peers e those who were exposed and non-exposed to economic insecurity. Methods: We examined data from two time-points (baseline at late adolescence, and follow-up at age 25-26 years) in two longitudinal cohort studies: 1) the Midwest Evaluation of the Adult Functioning of Former Foster Youth, and 2) an age-matched sample from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health (Add Health). Analyses compared self-reports of cardiovascular risk factors (dyslipidemia, hypertension, diabetes, and smoker) and chronic health conditions (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, asthma, and seizures) between the foster care sample (N = 596), and those of the Add Health sample with (N = 456) and without (N = 1461) baseline economic insecurity. Multiple regression models were created, and all analyses controlled for potential confounders, including gender, race and ethnicity, age, educational attainment, and follow-up self-report of economic insecurity. The economically secure group was treated as the reference group. Results: Young adults formerly in foster care had higher rates of all conditions except dyslipidemia when compared to the economically secure reference group (significant ORs ranged from3.41-30.57). The relationship with diabetes was borderline (p = 0.06); we were also unable to evaluate the relative odds of seizures due to the fact that there were no reports of this condition in the economically secure category. In contrast, the economically insecure group had only two outcomes for which odds were significant when compared to the reference group (having asthma and being a smoker;ORs 2.32 95% CI [1.11, 4.83] and 1.81 95% CI [1.40, 2.34], respectively). Overall, except fordyslipidemiaa consistentpatternemergedofhigherodds ratios in the former foster youth group than in the economically insecure group, when both were compared to the reference group. Conclusions: Youth in foster care appear to be at higher risk of cardiovascular risk factors and other health conditions, above and beyond that which is afforded by exposure to economic security. Young adults who have emancipated from foster care should be a high priority group when state and federal governing bodies are considering the implementation of policies to extend medical care/ coverage, as well as when other interventions focusing on reducing health disparities in young adulthood are implemented. ER  - 
Motor cortex stimulation does not improve dystonia secondary to a focal basal ganglia lesion$$$ Objective: To assess the efficacy of epidural motor cortex stimulation (MCS) on dystonia, spasticity, pain, and quality of life in patients with dystonia secondary to a focal basal ganglia (BG) lesion. Methods: In this double-blind, crossover, multicenter study, 5 patients with dystonia secondary to a focal BG lesion were included. Two quadripolar leads were implanted epidurally over the primary motor (M1) and premotor cortices, contralateral to the most dystonic side. The leads were placed parallel to the central sulcus. Only the posterior lead over M1 was activated in this study. The most lateral or medial contact of the lead (depending on whether the dystonia predominated in the upper or lower limb) was selected as the anode, and the other 3 as cathodes. One month postoperatively, patients were randomly assigned to on- or off-stimulation for 3 months each, with a 1-month washout between the 2 conditions. Voltage, frequency, and pulse width were fixed at 3.8 V, 40 Hz, and 60 ms, respectively. Evaluations of dystonia (Burke-Fahn-Marsden Scale), spasticity (Ashworth score), pain intensity (visual analog scale), and quality of life (36-Item Short Form Health Survey) were performed before surgery and after each period of stimulation. Results: Burke-Fahn-Marsden Scale, Ashworth score, pain intensity, and quality of life were not statistically significantly modified by MCS. Conclusions: Bipolar epiduralMCS failed to improve any clinical feature in dystonia secondary to a focal BG lesion. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class I evidence that bipolar epidural MCS with the anode placed over the motor representation of the most affected limb failed to improve any clinical feature in dystonia secondary to a focal BG lesion. ER  - 
Patients with Korsakoff syndrome in nursing homes: Characteristics, comorbidity, and use of psychotropic drugs$$$ ABSTRACT Background: Very limited literature exists on the care and course of patients with Korsakoff syndrome (KS) living in long-term care facilities (LTCFs). Even less literature can be found on the pharmacological treatment of behavioral symptoms of KS. The purpose of the present study was to describe baseline characteristics, comorbidity, and the use of psychotropic drugs in institutionalized patients with KS. Methods: In this cross-sectional descriptive study, 556 patients were included living in ten specialized care units in Dutch nursing homes. Data were collected by means of a retrospective chart review. Results: The majority of patients were men (75%) and single (78%) with a mean age on admission of 56.7 years (SD 8.9, range 29.8-85.3). Mean length of stay was 6.0 years (SD 5.4, range 0.2-33.3). Sixty-eight percent of patients suffered from at least one somatic disease and 66% from at least one extra psychiatric disorder. One or more psychotropic drugs were prescribed to 71% of patients with a great variation in prescription patterns between the different nursing homes. Conclusion: Patients with KS depending on long-term care usually have comorbidity in more than one domain (somatic and psychiatric). The indications for prescribing psychotropic drugs are in many cases unclear and it seems probable that they are often given to manage challenging behavior. Longitudinal studies on the evidence for this prescription behavior and possible alternatives are recommended. © International Psychogeriatric Association 2013. ER  - 
Development and validation of a comorbidity scoring system for patients with cirrhosis$$$ Background & Aims At least 40% of patients with cirrhosis have comorbidities that increase mortality. We developed a cirrhosis-specific comorbidity scoring system (CirCom) to help determine how these comorbidities affect mortality and compared it with the generic Charlson Comorbidity Index. Methods We used data from nationwide health care registries to identify Danish citizens diagnosed with cirrhosis in 1999-2008 (n = 12,976). They were followed through 2010 and characterized by 34 comorbidities. We used Cox regression to assign severity weights to comorbidities with an adjusted mortality hazard ratio (HR) ≥1.20. Each patient's CirCom score was based on, at most, 2 of these comorbidities. Performance was measured with Harrell's C statistic and the Net Reclassification Index (NRI) and results were compared with those obtained using the Charlson Index (based on 17 comorbidities). Findings were validated in 2 separate cohorts of patients with alcohol-related cirrhosis or chronic hepatitis C. Results The CirCom score included chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, acute myocardial infarction, peripheral arterial disease, epilepsy, substance abuse, heart failure, nonmetastatic cancer, metastatic cancer, and chronic kidney disease; 24.2% of patients had 1 or more of these, and mortality correlated with the CirCom score. Patients' CirCom score correlated with their Charlson Comorbidity Index (Kendall's τ = 0.57; P <.0001). Compared with the Charlson Index, the CirCom score increased Harrell's C statistic by 0.6% (95% confidence interval: 0.3%-0.8%). The NRI for the CirCom score was 5.2% (95% confidence interval: 3.7%-6.9%), and the NRI for the Charlson Index was 3.6% (95% confidence interval: 2.3%-5.0%). Similar results were obtained from the validation cohorts. Conclusions We developed a scoring system to predict mortality among patients with cirrhosis based on 9 comorbidities. This system had higher C statistic and NRI values than the Charlson Comorbidity Index, and is easier to use. It could therefore be a preferred method to predict death or survival of patients and for use in epidemiologic studies. © 2014 by the AGA Institute. ER  - 
Application of array-based comparative genomic hybridization to pediatric neurologic diseases$$$ Purpose: Array comparative genomic hybridization (array-CGH) is a technique used to analyze quantitative increase or decrease of chromosomes by competitive DNA hybridization of patients and controls. This study aimed to evaluate the benefits and yield of array-CGH in comparison with conventional karyotyping in pediatric neurology patients. Materials and Methods: We included 87 patients from the pediatric neurology clinic with at least one of the following features: developmental delay, mental retardation, dysmorphic face, or epilepsy. DNA extracted from patients and controls was hybridized on the Roche NimbleGen 135K oligonucleotide array and compared with G-band karyotyping. The results were analyzed with findings reported in recent publications and internet databases. Results: Chromosome imbalances, including 9 cases detected also by G-band karyotyping, were found in 28 patients (32.2%), and at least 19 of them seemed to be causally related to the abnormal phenotypes. Regarding each clinical symptom, 26.2% of 42 developmental delay patients, 44.4% of 18 mental retardation patients, 42.9% of 28 dysmorphic face patients, and 34.6% of 26 epilepsy patients showed abnormal array results. Conclusion: Although there were relatively small number of tests in patients with pediatric neurologic disease, this study demonstrated that array- CGH is a very useful tool for clinical diagnosis of unknown genome abnormalities performed in pediatric neurology clinics. © Yonsei University College of Medicine 2014. ER  - 
Clinical observations on Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in children with frontal lobe epilepsy$$$ The objective was to investigate the prevalence of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with frontal lobe epilepsy and related factors. The medical records of 190 children diagnosed with frontal lobe epilepsy at Qilu Hospital of Shandong University between 2006 and 2011 were retrospectively collected, and a follow-up analysis of the prevalence of ADHD in these children was conducted. Of the 161 children with an effective follow-up, 59.0% (95/161) with frontal lobe epilepsy suffered from ADHD as well. Analysis of epilepsy and ADHD-related factors indicated that the incidence of ADHD was 89.4% (76/85) in children with abnormal electroencephalogram (EEG) discharges on the most recent EEG, which was significantly higher than the ADHD incidence of 25% (19/76) in children with normal readings on the most recent EEG (P <.01). Children with frontal lobe epilepsy have a high incidence of ADHD. Sustained abnormal discharge on the electroencephalogram is associated with increased comorbidity of ADHD with frontal lobe epilepsy. © The Author(s) 2012. ER  - 
Efficacy of lacosamide as adjunctive therapy in children with refractory epilepsy$$$ Lacosamide is a US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved antiepileptic drug for patients 17 years or older with partial epilepsy. There are sparse data on children. The objective of our study was to evaluate its efficacy/safety in children with refractory epilepsy. Forty children (mean age 14.3 years) were treated with lacosamide at our institution (adjunctive therapy in 36, monotherapy in 4). Fifteen patients had symptomatic focal epilepsy, 2 had cryptogenic focal epilepsy, 20 had symptomatic generalized epilepsy, and 3 had cryptogenic generalized epilepsy. Two had juvenile myoclonic epilepsy and 5 had Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Forty-two percent had at least >50% reduction in seizure frequency, and 6 became seizure free. Average dose was 7 mg/kg/d and average follow-up was 9.2 months. Responders had a 76.5% mean decrease in seizures. Fifteen children experienced an adverse reaction and 7 discontinued lacosamide (4: Ineffective, I: insurance denial, 1: tremor, 1: behavior). Lacosamide is effective and well-tolerated in children with refractory epilepsy. © The Author(s) 2012. ER  - 
Who are prone to develop adverse effects with oral tramadol? A retrospective cohort study$$$ Objective: Oral tramadol is a commonly prescribed analgesic in Hong Kong. Significant adverse effects are frequently observed in our locality. Our study aims to describe the rate of significant adverse effect that warrant discontinuation of oral tramadol and identify the risk factors for development of adverse effect. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Methods: Adult patients aged greater than 18 years old admitted to the emergency medicine ward of a large-scale local hospital in Hong Kong being prescribed with oral tramadol during in-hospital stay were recruited. Significant adverse effects during the hospital stay were observed as the outcome of interest. Results: A total of 575 subjects were recruited. 29.9% experienced significant adverse effects likely related to tramadol. Age (p=0.006; odds ratio [OR]=1.017, 95% confidence interval [CI]=1.005-1.029) and sex (p=0.006; OR=1.696, 95% CI=1.166-2.465) were statistically significant predictors of adverse effects after oral tramadol. Conclusion: Our study suggests that female and increasing age patients are significant predictors for the development of adverse effect after taking oral tramadol. Possible adverse effects should be explained to the patients careful especially the higher risk groups. ER  - 
Risks of common complications in deep brain stimulation surgery: Management and avoidance - Clinical article$$$ Object. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgery is increasingly prominent in the treatment of various disorders refractory to medication. Despite the procedure's efficacy, the community at large continues to be hesitant about presumed associated risks. The main object of this study was to assess the incidence of various surgical complications occurring both during and after DBS device implantation in a large population of patients with movement disorders in an effort to better quantify patient risk, define management plans, and develop methods for risk avoidance. A second aim was to corroborate the low procedural complication risk of DBS reported by others, which in light of the procedure's efficacy is needed to promote its widespread acceptance. Methods. All patients who had undergone new DBS device implantation surgery between 2002 and 2010 by a single surgeon were entered into a database after being verified by cross-referencing manufacturer implantation records. All surgical records and charts were reviewed to identify intraoperative, perioperative, and long-term surgical complications, including any characteristics predictive of an adverse event. Results. Seven hundred twenty-eight patients received 1333 new DBS electrodes and 1218 new internal pulse generators (IPGs) in a total of 1356 stereotactic procedures for the treatment of movement disorders. Seventy-eight percent of the patients had staged lead and IPG implantations. Of the 728 patients, 452 suffered from medically refractory Parkinson disease; in the other patients, essential tremor (144), dystonia (64), mixed disease (30), and other hyperkinetic movement disorders (38) were diagnosed. Severe intraoperative adverse events included vasovagal response in 6 patients (0.8%), hypotension in 2 (0.3%), and seizure in 2 (0.3%). Postoperative imaging confirmed asymptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) in 4 patients (0.5%), asymptomatic intraventricular hemorrhage in 25 (3.4%), symptomatic ICH in 8 (1.1%), and ischemic infarction in 3 (0.4%), associated with hemiparesis and/or decreased consciousness in 13 (1.7%). Long-term complications of DBS device implantation not requiring additional surgery included hardware discomfort in 8 patients (1.1%) and loss of desired effect in 10 (1.4%). Hardware-related complications requiring surgical revision included wound infections in 13 patients (1.7%), lead malposition and/or migration in 13 (1.7%), component fracture in 10 (1.4%), component malfunction in 4 (0.5%), and loss of effect in 19 (2.6%). Conclusions. The authors confirmed that the overall risk of both procedure- and hardware-related adverse events is acceptably low. They offer advice on how to avoid the most common complications. ©AANS, 2014. ER  - 
ADHD in idiopathic epilepsy$$$ Our aim was to clarify the correlation of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with epilepsy and behavior problems. This was a crosssectional study. Sixty children with idiopathic epilepsy were interviewed using the MTA-SNAP IV Teacher and Parent Rating Scale, Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales and Conners' Rating Scales. We used the chi-square test to analyze the correlation of epilepsy variables in patients with and without ADHD with a significance level of 0.05. Eight patients had ADHD symptoms (13%), seven had the inattentive ADHD subtype and only three had behavioral problems. When epileptic patients with and without ADHD symptoms were compared we found no significant difference in regard to epilepsy variables. All patients were controlled and 43% were either without AED or undergoing withdrawal. Our study revealed a low comorbidity of ADHD symptoms and epilepsy due to low interference of seizures and drug treatment on the comorbid condition. ER  - 
Heat-shock protein peptide complex-96 vaccination for recurrent glioblastoma: A phase II, single-arm trial$$$ BackgroundOutcomes for patients with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) are poor and may be improved by immunotherapy. We investigated the safety and efficacy of an autologous heat-shock protein peptide complex-96 (HSPPC-96) vaccine for patients with recurrent GBM.MethodsIn this open-label, single-arm, phase II study, adult patients with surgically resectable recurrent GBM were given vaccine after gross total resection. The primary endpoint was overall survival at 6 months. Secondary endpoints included overall survival, progression-free survival, safety, and immune profiling. Outcome analyses were performed in the intention-to-treat and efficacy populations.ResultsBetween October 3, 2007 and October 24, 2011, 41 patients underwent gross total resection of recurrent GBM and received a median of 6 doses of HSPPC-96 vaccine. Following treatment, 90.2% of patients were alive at 6 months (95% confidence interval [CI]: 75.9-96.8) and 29.3% were alive at 12 months (95% CI: 16.6-45.7). Median overall survival was 42.6 weeks (95% CI: 34.7-50.5). Twenty-seven (66%) patients were lymphopenic prior to therapy, and patients with lymphocyte counts below the cohort median demonstrated decreased overall survival (hazard ratio: 4.0; 95% CI: 1.4-11.8; P =. 012). There were no treatment-related deaths. There were 37 serious (grades 3-5) adverse events reported, with 17 attributable to surgical resection and a single grade 3 constitutional event related to the vaccine.ConclusionThe HSPPC-96 vaccine is safe and warrants further study of efficacy for the treatment of recurrent GBM. Significant pretreatment lymphopenia may impact the outcomes of immunotherapy and deserves additional investigation. © 2013 © The Author(s) 2013. ER  - 
Epidemiological study of poisoning in patients of Karaj Shariati hospital in 2011 to 2012$$$ Background: Acute poisoning is one of the most problems of health systems in the world. The aims of this study are evaluation of demographic characteristics and causes of poisonings in patients referred to Karaj Shariati hospital. Methods: A cross sectional study was done in one year. With a non-probability convenience sampling, all of poisoning patients admitted in Karaj Shariati hospital from June 2011 to June 2012 were studied. Data collected from patients records and then analyzed. Results: One hundred seventy two drug poisoning patients with mean age of 29.8 (SD=13.4) years evaluated. The most common drugs which caused poisoning were: Benzodiazepines, Tramadol, Psychiatry drugs and Acetaminophen. 12.8 percent of patients had drug-induced seizure and mortality rate was 5.8 %. There was a relation between Tramadol poisoning and drug-induced seizure (p value=0.000, Odds Ratio=12.8, 95%Confidence of Interval (4.7-34.8)). Conclusion: This study showed that Tramadol poisoning prevalence is high and opiates are the most common cause of death in drug poisonings, which show need to more educations in schools and addiction-disuse centers and more controls on pharmacies. © 2014 Forensic Medicine and Toxicology Department. ER  - 
Evaluation of the effects of anesthetic agents and diagnoses on seizure durations, recovery times and complications in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: The aim of this study is to retrospectively evaluate the influence of diagnosis and three different anesthetic agents on seizure durations, hemodynamic parameters, recovery times, and side effects in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Method: We have retrospectively evaluated 1342 ECT sessions conducted on 179 patients under general anesthesia at the Psychiatry Department of Dicle University Hospital between 1 September 2009 and 30 June 2012. The relationship between the indications for ECT and the choice of anesthetic agent, number of ECT sessions, motor and EEG seizure durations, recovery times from anesthesia, hemodynamic changes and complications were analysed. Results: The mean age of the 179 patients included in the study was 36.7±7.3 years. In terms of sex, 50.8% (n=91) were male and 49.2% (n=88) were female. The most commonly used anesthetic agent was propofol (73.2%). Among the patients, 50.8% was diagnosed with major depression, 28.5% had bipolar disorder and 12.8% was diagnosed with schizophrenia. A total of 179 (13.3%) out of the 1342 ECT sessions were considered as failed. In 92.2% of the failed ECTs, the anesthetic agent was propofol. No statistically significant relationship was observed between the diagnosis forming the basis for the ECT and the motor and EEG seizure times, beginning of spontaneous breathing, eye opening, time until response to verbal stimuli, changes in hemodynamic parameters and complications. The seizure and recovery times were significantly shorter in the propofol group compared to the ketamine and etomidate groups (p<0.05). The EEG seizure durations were longer in the etomidate group in comparison to the propofol and ketamine groups (p<0.001 and p<0.05, respectively). Conclusion: The diagnoses leading to the ECT have no influence on the motor and EEG seizure times, beginning of spontaneous breathing, eye opening, times of response to verbal stimuli, hemodynamic parameters or complications. However, the anesthetic agents used influence all of these parameters. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and long-term outcome of surgery for hypothalamic hamartoma in children with refractory epilepsy$$$ Context: Hypothalamic hamartomas (HH) are ectopic masses of neuronal and glial tissue most commonly presenting with medically refractory gelastic seizures with evolution to other seizure types. They are also associated with cognitive and behavioral problems to varying extent. Surgery has been found to improve quality of life in more than 50% of patients. Aim: To evaluate the clinical characteristics and long-term outcome of surgery in children with HH and refractory epilepsy. Materials and Methods: A retrospective analysis of presurgical, surgical, and postsurgical data of six children who underwent surgery for HH and had at least 3 years follow-up was performed. Results: Six children (male: female = 5:1) aged 3-16 years (at the time of surgery) underwent surgical resection of HH for refractory epilepsy. At last follow-up (range 3-9 years), three children were in Engel's class I, two in Class II, and one in class III outcome. Significant improvement in behavior, quality of life was noted in four children; while the change in intelligence quotient (IQ) was marginal. Conclusions: Medically refractory epilepsy associated with behavioral and cognitive dysfunction is the most common presentation of HH. Open surgical resection is safe with favorable outcome of epilepsy in 50% with significant improvement in behavior and marginal change in cognitive functions. ER  - 
Diagnostic yield of inpatient video-electroencephalographic monitoring: Experience from a Chinese comprehensive epilepsy center$$$ Video-electroencephalographic monitoring (VEEG) is useful in the diagnosis of seizure disorders; however, its diagnostic yield in developing countries is not well known. The current study retrospectively reviewed the charts of 484 consecutive patients who were admitted to our center between July 2012 and September 2013. Of these patients, 298 (61.6%) were admitted for diagnostic clarification and underwent VEEG for a mean duration of 1.3. days (range = 1-9. days). The patients were divided into two groups: those whose diagnosis was changed and those whose diagnosis was not changed as a result of VEEG. A patient with a preadmission diagnosis of epilepsy who was discharged with a diagnosis of nonepileptic events (NEEs) or who was further classified as focal/generalized epilepsy on discharge was included in the "change in diagnosis" group. A patient admitted with an uncertain diagnosis and discharged with a diagnosis of NEEs or epilepsy (including focal epilepsy and generalized epilepsy) was also included in the "change in diagnosis" group. Video-electroencephalographic monitoring recorded typical ictal events (epileptic events or nonepileptic events) in 147 (49.3%) of the patients admitted for diagnostic clarification. In total, 181 (60.7%) patients had a change in diagnosis after VEEG. Among them, 103 (56.9%) patients had a preadmission diagnosis of epilepsy, which was further classified as focal epilepsy (88 patients) or generalized epilepsy (15 patients); the diagnosis of NEEs and epilepsy was clarified in 78 (43.1%) patients. The number of patients diagnosed with NEEs increased from 31 (10.4%) on admission to 88 (29.5%) on discharge. Among all the patients admitted for diagnostic clarification, therapeutic plans were changed for 104 (57.5%) patients. In 117 (39.3%) patients with no diagnostic change, VEEG evaluation provided confirmative diagnostic information in 47 (15.8%) patients and no additional diagnostic information in 70 (23.5%) patients. The study indicates that VEEG is useful in terms of clarifying seizure diagnoses and evaluating seizure frequency. In our cohort study, VEEG of a relatively short mean duration produced a comparable diagnostic yield as that reported in other studies. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Safety of tianeptine use in patients with epilepsy$$$ Depression is a frequent comorbidity in patients with epilepsy (PWE). However, it is often undertreated because of concerns of seizure exacerbation by antidepressant treatment. The effect of tianeptine on seizure frequency is not known as yet. Thus, we aimed to evaluate the influence of tianeptine on the seizure frequency in PWE.We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of PWE who received tianeptine between January 2006 and June 2013 at the Epilepsy Center of Seoul National University Hospital. Patients were excluded if the dose or type of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) they took was altered at the start of tianeptine treatment or if the treatment period of tianeptine was <. 3. months.A total of 74 PWE were enrolled in our study (male: 32, mean age: 41.9. ±. 14.5). Sixty-nine patients had localization-related epilepsy, and 5 had idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE). Mean seizure frequency during the 3-month period just after tianeptine exposure was compared with the baseline seizure frequency, which showed no change in 69 (93.2%) patients, decrease in 2 (2.7%) patients, and increase in 3 patients (4.1%). The type of epileptic syndrome, the baseline seizure frequency, and the number of coadministered AEDs did not influence the change in seizure frequency after tianeptine prescription. Change in seizure frequency did not differ between the patients given tianeptine as an additive antidepressant and those given tianeptine as a replacement antidepressant.Our data suggest that tianeptine can be prescribed safely to PWE with depression without increasing the seizure frequency regardless of the baseline severity of epilepsy. Tianeptine may be actively considered as a first-choice antidepressant or as an alternative antidepressant in PWE with depression. © 2014. ER  - 
Phase 2 randomized, flexible crossover, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial of the farnesyltransferase inhibitor tipifarnib in children and young adults with neurofibromatosis type 1 and progressive plexiform neurofibromas$$$ BackgroundRAS is dysregulated in neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) related plexiform neurofibromas (PNs). The activity of tipifarnib, which blocks RAS signaling by inhibiting its farnesylation, was tested in children and young adults with NF1 and progressive PNs.MethodsPatients aged 3-25 years with NF1-related PNs and imaging evidence of tumor progression were randomized in a double-blinded fashion to receive tipifarnib (200 mg/m2 orally every 12 h) or placebo (phase A) and crossed over to the opposite treatment arm at the time of tumor progression (phase B). PN volumes were measured with MRI, and progression was defined as ≥20% volume increase. Time to progression (TTP) in phase A was the primary endpoint, and the trial was powered to detect whether tipifarnib doubled TTP compared with placebo. Toxicity, response, and quality of life were also monitored.ResultsSixty-two patients were enrolled. Tipifarnib and placebo were well tolerated. On phase A, the median TTP was 10.6 months on the placebo arm and 19.2 months on the tipifarnib arm (P =. 12; 1-sided). Quality of life improved significantly compared with baseline on the tipifarnib arm but not on the placebo arm. Volumetric tumor measurement detected tumor progression earlier than conventional 2-dimensional (WHO) and 1-dimensional (RECIST) methods.ConclusionsTipifarnib was well tolerated but did not significantly prolong TTP of PNs compared with placebo. The randomized, flexible crossover design and volumetric PN assessment provided a feasible and efficient means of assessing the efficacy of tipifarnib. The placebo arm serves as an historical control group for phase 2 single-arm trials directed at progressive PNs. © 2014 Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Neuro-Oncology 2014. This work is written by US Government employees and is in the public domain in the US. ER  - 
Comparison of diagnostic criteria and determination of prognostic factors for drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms syndrome$$$ Purpose: Drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS) syndrome is characterized by prolonged clinical symptoms even after the withdrawal of the culprit drug. Different criteria to diagnose DRESS syndrome have been proposed; however, there have been limited studies on prognostic factors. We investigated appropriate criteria for the diagnosis of DRESS syndrome in practice and with associated prognostic factors. Methods: A total of 48 patients with DRESS syndrome that satisfied RegiSCAR possible (or more) criteria were retrospectively recruited. They were also analyzed according to Bocquet's criteria and Japanese drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (DIHS) criteria. The duration of clinical manifestations, requirement for steroids, and fatalities determined the severity of DRESS syndrome. Blood tests were performed at initial presentation to our hospital. Results: A total of 60.4% of patients satisfied RegiSCAR definite criteria and 77.1% satisfied Bocquet's criteria. Only 18.8% satisfied atypical DIHS criteria from the Japanese group. A total of 96.6% patients who fit the RegiSCAR definite criteria, 96.6% also satisfied Bocquet's criteria; reciprocally, 75.7% of patients who met Bocquet's criteria also satisfied RegiSCAR definite criteria. The duration of clinical symptoms positively correlated with leukocyte, lymphocyte, and eosinophil counts in non-fatal cases. Lymphocyte counts were higher in patients who used steroids compared to steroid-naïve patients. Fatal cases showed higher serum creatinine and ferritin levels compared to non-fatal cases. Conclusions: Bocquet's criteria is efficient and appropriate to diagnose DRESS syndrome in clinical practice. Lymphocyte and eosinophil counts as well as creatinine and ferritin levels could be useful early prognostic factors. © The Korean Academy of Asthma, Allergy and Clinical Immunology; The Korean Academy of Pediatric Allergy and Respiratory Disease. ER  - 
Assessment of parent reported quality of life in children with epilepsy from Northern India: A cross-sectional study$$$ Objective: The objective of the following study is to assess parent reported quality of life (QOL) in children with epilepsy and to assess the demographic and clinical factors, which influence the QOL in children with epilepsy. Study Participants: We consecutively enrolled 40 children aged from 2 years to 14 years with active epilepsy who had undergone a comprehensive evaluation for epilepsy. Materials and Methods: Parents were enquired on baseline demographic variables including age, gender, socio-economic status and parental education. Clinical details of epilepsy including the type of epilepsy, seizure frequency were assessed. QOL was evaluated with the parent reported quality of life in childhood epilepsy (QOLCE) questionnaire. Results: A total of 40 children were enrolled of which 55% (22/40) were males and the mean (standard deviation [SD]) age of enrolled children was 10.6 (2.7) years. The majority came from a rural background (80% [32/40]), were from lower (15 [37.5%]) or middle (23 [57.5%]) socio-economic status, with almost half (22 [55%]) of mothers being educated until high school. The overall mean (SD) QOL score was 66.7 (4.83). Lowest mean (SD) scores were observed in self-esteem (45.2 [7.3]) subscale and subscales with higher QOL scores included control/helplessness (82.1 [8.51]), anxiety (81.6 [12.55]) and social stigma (95.0 [11.6]). Parental education, socio-economic status (P = 0.96), frequency of seizure (P = 0.34) or type of epilepsy (P = 0.92) did not significantly affect the overall QOL among children with epilepsy. Conclusion: Our study concluded that overall QOL was compromised in Indian children with epilepsy. Demographic factors like parental education, socio-economic status and clinical factors like frequency of seizure or type of seizure did not significantly affect the QOL of epileptic children. ER  - 
A comparative study of fixed tapering dose regimen versus symptom-triggered regimen of lorazepam for alcohol detoxification$$$ Aims: The study aimed at comparing the fixed tapering dose and the symptom-triggered regimens of lorazepam for alcohol detoxification. Methods: We carried out a prospective, randomized, double blind controlled trial involving 63 consecutive consenting male patients admitted with diagnosis of uncomplicated alcohol withdrawal. The patients were randomized into two groups based on the type of lorazepam dosage: symptom-triggered (n = 33) and fixed tapering dose regimens (n = 30). Alcohol withdrawal symptoms were rated on CIWA-Ar (Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment-Alcohol revised). The main outcome measures were the total amount and duration of lorazepam treatment and the incidence of adverse events or complications. Results: The mean lorazepam dose administered in the symptom-triggered group was significantly lower than in the fixed tapering dose group (9.5 versus 19.9 mg, P < 0.001) and for a significantly shorter duration of time (47.8 versus 146 h, P < 0.001) with more significant results for higher initial CIWA-Ar scores. There were no significant differences between both the groups in terms of the incidence of complications like seizures or delirium tremens. Conclusion: Symptom-triggered lorazepam treatment for alcohol withdrawal resulted in administration of lower total doses of medication for a shorter duration of treatment and was as safe as the fixed tapering dose. ©The Author 2013. Medical Council on Alcohol and Oxford University Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Caregiver burden in epilepsy: Determinants and impact$$$ Aim. Caregiver burden (CB) in epilepsy constitutes an understudied area. Here we attempt to identify the magnitude of this burden, the factors associated with it, and its impact to caregiver quality of life (QOL). Methods. 48 persons with epilepsy (PWE) underwent video-EEG monitoring and their caregivers completed questionnaires providing demographic, disease-related, psychiatric, cognitive, sleep, QOL, and burden information. Results. On regression analysis, higher number of antiepileptic drugs, poorer patient neuropsychological performance, lower patient QOL score, and lower caregiver education level were associated with higher CB. Time allocated to patient care approximated but did not attain statistical significance. A moderate inverse correlation between CB and caregiver QOL physical component summary score and a stronger inverse correlation between CB and caregiver QOL mental component summary score were seen. Conclusion. In a selected cohort of PWE undergoing video-EEG monitoring, we identified modest degree of CB, comparable to that reported in the literature for other chronic neurological conditions. It is associated with specific patient and caregiver characteristics and has a negative effect on caregiver QOL. © 2014 Ioannis Karakis et al. ER  - 
Does wet cupping on the interscapular region improve depression and anxiety?$$$ Background: Metabolic syndrome is characterised by at least three of the following clinical features: abdominal obesity, dyslipidaemia, high blood pressure and glucose intolerance; it has also been associated with depression and anxiety. Cupping has been shown to benefit psychological well-being by alleviating anger, hostility, depression and anxiety. Objectives: To investigate the effects of wet cupping on depression and anxiety in patients with metabolic syndrome. Methods: Altogether 136 patients with metabolic syndrome (aged 18-65 years) were included. Ten patients were excluded owing to a history of haemophilia, systemic disorder, infectious disease, stroke, heart attack, type 1 diabetes, secondary dyslipidaemia, renal dysfunction, epilepsy and drug therapy. Patients were randomly divided into an experimental group (n=63), which received dietary advice with wet cupping, and a control group (n=63) receiving dietary advice alone. Treatment was administered for 3 months. Depression and anxiety were assessed using the Beck Depression Inventory at 0, 6 and 12 weeks after treatment. Data were analysed using ANOVA. Results: There were no statistically significant correlations between depression and anxiety and weight, BMI and lipid profile (P>0.05). However, there was a statistically significant association between the psychological parameters and blood pressure, age and gender (P<0.05). There was a significant variation in scores between assessment points of P<0.001 for both anxiety and depression, but these did not differ significantly between groups (P=0.78 and P=0.69, respectively). Conclusion: Wet cupping on the interscapular region does not appear to be useful for the treatment of anxiety and depression in patients with metabolic syndrome. © 2014 Royal Pharmaceutical Society. ER  - 
Risk of self-harm and suicide in people with specific psychiatric and physical disorders: Comparisons between disorders using English national record linkage$$$ Background: Psychiatric illnesses are known risk factors for self-harm but associations between self-harm and physical illnesses are less well established. We aimed to stratify selected chronic physical and psychiatric illnesses according to their relative risk of self-harm. Design: Retrospective cohort studies using a linked dataset of Hospital Episode Statistics (HES) for 1999-2011. Participants: Individuals with selected psychiatric or physical conditions were compared with a reference cohort constructed from patients admitted for a variety of other conditions and procedures. Setting: All admissions and day cases in National Health Service (NHS) hospitals in England. Main outcome measures: Hospital episodes of self-harm. Rate ratios (RRs) were derived by comparing admission for self-harm between cohorts. Results: The psychiatric illnesses studied (depression, bipolar disorder, alcohol abuse, anxiety disorders, eating disorders, schizophrenia and substance abuse) all had very high RRs (> 5) for self-harm. Of the physical illnesses studied, an increased risk of self-harm was associated with epilepsy (RR=2.9, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.8-2.9), asthma (1.8, 1.8-1.9), migraine (1.8, 1.7-1.8), psoriasis (1.6, 1.5-1.7), diabetes mellitus (1.6, 1.5-1.6), eczema (1.4, 1.3-1.5) and inflammatory polyarthropathies (1.4, 1.3-1.4). RRs were significantly low for cancers (0.95, 0.93-0.97), congenital heart disease (0.9, 0.8-0.9), ulcerative colitis (0.8, 0.7-0.8), sickle cell anaemia (0.7, 0.6-0.8) and Down's syndrome (0.1, 0.1-0.2). Conclusions: Psychiatric illnesses carry a greatly increased risk of self-harm as well as of suicide. Many chronic physical illnesses are also associated with an increased risk of both self-harm and suicide. Identifying those at risk will allow provision of appropriate monitoring and support. © The Royal Society of Medicine. ER  - 
Tacrolimus-related adverse effects in liver transplant recipients: Its association with trough concentrations$$$ Background: Tacrolimus is an important immunosuppressant administered to patients following liver transplantation (LT), with a recommended trough concentration of 8 to 11 ng/mL to prevent allograft rejection. We retrospectively examined our data to identify the tacrolimus trough concentration that combined efficacy with minimal adverse effects. Methods: The case records of LT recipients, who were nondiabetic, nonhypertensive, and with normal renal parameters prior to LT were retrospectively examined for acute cellular rejection (ACR) episodes and three major adverse effects of tacrolimus, i.e. neurotoxicity, nephrotoxicity, and new onset diabetes mellitus (NODM). Results: Thirty-two LT recipients fulfilled the criteria for the study. The mean (±SD) tacrolimus level for the 290 troughs (after 10 days) was 8.5 ± 3.8 ng/mL. At 10 days, 1 month, 3 months, and 6 months, the trough values were 7.3 ± 2.9, 9.7 ± 3.4, 7.9 ± 3.3, and 7.6 ± 2.6 ng/mL, respectively. The mean time taken for stabilization of the blood pressure and biochemical parameters was 7 ± 2 days. Overall, a trough window with the least adverse effect was 7 to 7.9 ng/mL. Neurotoxicity was least in the trough range 5 to <8 ng/mL. Symptoms included headache in four, tremors in three, seizure in one, confusion and psychosis in two, and combination in three. Nephrotoxicity was least in trough 8 to <11 ng/mL. One patient progressed to chronic kidney disease at 6 months. NODM was present in 11 % to 18 % across the various trough range, including the extremes (mean trough level, 8.4 ± 4.4 ng/dL). At 6 months, five recipients were on treatment for NODM. Three recipients developed ACR, two within the first month and one at 7 weeks. The trough levels were 8.5, 9, 15.2 ng/mL, respectively. All recovered with three pulse doses of methylprednisolone. Conclusion: Tacrolimus concentration of 5 to <8 ng/mL was associated with least overall toxicity, neurotoxicity, and ACR. © 2014 Indian Society of Gastroenterology. ER  - 
Pre-pregnancy restless legs syndrome (Willis-Ekbom Disease) is associated with perinatal depression$$$ Objectives: Both restless legs syndrome ([RLS], also known as Willis-Ekbom Disease [WED]) and depression are common during pregnancy. However, no prior studies have assessed if pregnant women with RLS have an elevated risk of depression during and/or after pregnancy. Methods: 1,428 women who were pregnant in gestational week 16-17 were asked to participate in a longitudinal survey. They were followed by web-based questionnaires in gestational week 17 and 32, and 6 weeks after delivery. Data were also retrieved from prenatal and birth records. Two different sets of criteria were used to examine the prevalence of RLS in the cohort (International Restless Legs Syndrome Society Group standard criteria and the later developed CH-RLSQ11 questionnaire). The latter questionnaire attempts to exclude those with common "mimics" of RLS. Results: Adjusted odds ratio for depression in gestational week 17, 32, and postpartum week 6 in relation to pre-pregnancy RLS onset and moderate to severe symptom severity were 4.74 (2.30-9.76), 3.67 (1.85-7.28), and 2.58 (1.28-5.21), respectively. No significant associations were seen in pregnant women with de novo RLS during pregnancy. When using the standard diagnostic RLS criteria and frequency of symptoms more than 2-3 days per week, the prevalence of RLS was 12.3%. With the CH-RLSQ11 questionnaire and the same threshold for frequency of symptoms the prevalence was 6.5%. Conclusion: Women with RLS onset before pregnancy with moderate or severe symptoms had an increased risk of both antenatal and postnatal depression. The self-reported prevalence of RLS during pregnancy is lower when a questionnaire dealing with "mimics" is used. ER  - 
Effects of an inpatient rehabilitation program after temporal lobe epilepsy surgery and other factors on employment 2 years after epilepsy surgery$$$ Objective To evaluate the effects of a postsurgical rehabilitation program on employment status 2 years after temporal lobe epilepsy surgery in relation to other predictors. Methods Employment outcome 2 years after temporal lobe resection in a group of 232 adult patients with the offer of a 3-week inpatient rehabilitation program immediately after surgery ("Reha group") was compared to a group of 119 patients who had surgery before such a rehabilitation program existed. One hundred thirty-nine (59.9%) of the Reha group patients attended the rehabilitation program. Further predictors for employment outcome were analyzed using multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results Preoperatively, the groups did not differ significantly in variables relevant for employment, including employment rate. Two years after surgery, the rate of those not being employed had decreased in the Reha group from 38.4% to 27.6% (p < 0.001, McNemar test), and slightly increased in the control group (37.8-42.0%; n.s.), resulting in a difference of 14.4% in favor of the Reha group (p = 0.008). General unemployment rates during the two observation periods were similar. In addition to the offer of rehabilitation support ("Reha group") and preoperative employment, the following other variables were shown as significant predictors of employment post surgery in multivariate regression analysis: seizure outcome, diagnosis of a personality disorder preoperatively, and age at surgery (all, p < 0.01; Nagelkerkes R2 = 0.59). Significance Independently from other factors, a 3-week inpatient rehabilitation program after temporal lobe epilepsy surgery seems to improve employment status 2 years after surgery. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2014 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
The relationship between sleep quality, depression, and anxiety in patients with epilepsy and suicidal ideation$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to estimate the prevalence of suicidal ideation in outpatients with epilepsy, and relate this to sleep quality, daytime sleepiness, depression, and anxiety. Method: Ninety-eight non-selected patients were evaluated. The subjects were classified as "suicidal ideators" or "non-ideators", based on their response to item 9 of the Beck Depression Inventory. Results: The prevalence of suicidal ideation was 13.3% (χ2=50.46, p<0.001). The differences between cases with or without suicidal ideation were statistically significant in relation to sleep quality (p=0.005) and symptoms of depression (p=0.001) and anxiety (p=0.002). Conclusion: Our results revealed that depression and anxiety were associated with sleep quality, daytime sleepiness, and suicidal ideation and that depression and sleep disturbance were good predictors of suicide in subjects with epilepsy. ER  - 
INCLEN diagnostic tool for autism spectrum disorder (INDT-ASD): Development and validation$$$ Objective: To develop and validate INCLEN Diagnostic Tool for Autism Spectrum Disorder (INDT-ASD). Design: Diagnostic test evaluation by cross sectional design Setting: Four tertiary pediatric neurology centers in Delhi and Thiruvanthapuram, India. Methods: Children aged 2-9 years were enrolled in the study. INDT-ASD and Childhood Autism Rating Scale (CARS) were administered in a randomly decided sequence by trained psychologist, followed by an expert evaluation by DSM-IV TR diagnostic criteria (gold standard). Main outcome measures: Psychometric parameters of diagnostic accuracy, validity (construct, criterion and convergent) and internal consistency. Results: 154 children (110 boys, mean age 64.2 mo) were enrolled. The overall diagnostic accuracy (AUC=0.97, 95% CI 0.93, 0.99; P<0.001) and validity (sensitivity 98%, specificity 95%, positive predictive value 91%, negative predictive value 99%) of INDT-ASD for Autism spectrum disorder were high, taking expert diagnosis using DSM-IV-TR as gold standard. The concordance rate between the INDT-ASD and expert diagnosis for' ASD group' was 82.52% [Cohen's κ=0.89; 95% CI (0.82, 0.97); P=0.001]. The internal consistency of INDT-ASD was 0.96. The convergent validity with CARS (r = 0.73, P= 0.001) and divergent validity with Binet-Kamat Test of intelligence (r = -0.37; P=0.004) were significantly high. INDT-ASD has a 4-factor structure explaining 85.3% of the variance. Conclusion: INDT-ASD has high diagnostic accuracy, adequate content validity, good internal consistency high criterion validity and high to moderate convergent validity and 4-factor construct validity for diagnosis of Autistm spectrum disorder. © 2014 Indian Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Stroke mimics under the drip-and-ship paradigm$$$ Recent reports suggested better outcomes associated with the drip-and-ship paradigm for acute ischemic stroke (AIS) treated with thrombolysis. We hypothesized that a higher rate of stroke mimics (SM) among AIS treated in nonspecialized stroke centers that are transferred to comprehensive centers is responsible for such outcomes. Methods: Consecutive patients treated with thrombolysis according to the admission criteria were reviewed in a single comprehensive stroke center over 1 academic year (July 1, 2011 to June 30, 2012). Information on the basic demographic, hospital complications, psychiatric diagnoses, and discharge disposition was collected. We identified those patients who were treated at a facility and then transferred to the tertiary center (ie, drip-and-ship paradigm). In addition to comparative and adjusted analysis to identify predictors for SM, a stratified analysis by the drip-and-ship status was performed. Results: One hundred twenty patients were treated with thrombolysis for AIS included in this analysis; 20 (16.7%) were discharged with the final diagnosis of SM; 14 of those had conversion syndrome and 6 patients had other syndromes (seizures, migraine, and hypoglycemia). Patients with SM were younger (55.6 ± 15.0 versus 69.4 ± 14.9, P =.0003) and more likely to harbor psychiatric diagnoses (45% versus 9%; P ≤.0001). Eighteen of 20 SM patients (90%) had the drip-and-ship treatment paradigm compared with 65% of those with AIS (P =.02). None of the SM had hemorrhagic complications, and all were discharged to home. Predictors of SM on adjusted analysis included the drip-and-ship paradigm (odds ratio [OR] 12.8, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.78, 92.1) and history of any psychiatric illness (OR 12.08; 95% CI 3.14, 46.4). Eighteen of 83 drip-and-ship patients (21.7%) were diagnosed with SM compared with 2 of 37 patients (5.4%) presented directly to the hub hospital (P =.02). Conclusion: The drip-and-ship paradigm and any psychiatric history predict the diagnosis of SM. None of the SM had thrombolysis-related complications, and all were discharged to home. These findings may explain the superior outcomes associated with the drip-and-ship paradigm in the treatment for AIS. © 2014 by National Stroke Association. ER  - 
Alcohol abuse as the strongest risk factor for violent offending in patients with paranoid schizophrenia$$$ Aim To determine predictive risk factors for violent offending in patients with paranoid schizophrenia in Croatia. Method The cross-sectional study including male in-patients with paranoid schizophrenia with (N = 104) and without (N = 102) history of physical violence and violent offending was conducted simultaneously in several hospitals in Croatia during one-year period (2010-2011). Data on their sociodemographic characteristics, duration of untreated illness phase (DUP), alcohol abuse, suicidal behavior, personality features, and insight into illness were collected and compared between groups. Binary logistic regression model was used to determine the predictors of violent offending. Results Predictors of violent offending were older age, DUP before first contact with psychiatric services, and alcohol abuse. Regression model showed that the strongest positive predictive factor was harmful alcohol use, as determined by AUDIT test (odds ratio 37.01; 95% confidence interval 5.20-263.24). Psychopathy, emotional stability, and conscientiousness were significant positive predictive factors, while extroversion, pleasantness, and intellect were significant negative predictive factors for violent offending. Conclusion This study found an association between alcohol abuse and the risk for violent offending in paranoid schizophrenia. We hope that this finding will help improve public and mental health prevention strategies in this vulnerable patient group. ER  - 
Risk factors for psychosis secondary to temporal lobe epilepsy: A systematic review$$$ The authors critically reviewed all relevant peer-reviewed quantitative research pertaining to the risk factors for psychosis secondary to temporal lobe epilepsy, carrying out an extensive literature search to identify all relevant research studies, and applying specific exclusion criteria; the search yielded 27 original research articles for critical review. These studies were individually assessed for methodological quality. Authors reached consensus on a number of important risk factors for psychosis, including early age at epilepsy onset, history of status epilepticus, hippocampal sclerosis, and left-hemisphere abnormalities. Inconsistencies in defining and diagnosing epileptic psychoses were apparent, as well as the sole use of case-control, cross-sectional, and/or retrospective study designs. There remains a need for research using consistent classification criteria and longitudinal study designs. © 2014 by the American Psychiatric Association. ER  - 
Semiology of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in adults and children$$$ Background: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) demonstrate important differences in terms of younger and older patients. Most patients experience the first PNES episode between 10 and 19 years with delayed diagnosis. An example to PNES semiology in adults was displayed in a study carried in Prague, Czech Republic (Nežádal and colleagues in 2011), and an example for the semiology of PNES in pediatric age was shown in another study, carried on subjects less than 18 years of age, in Budapest, Hungary (Szabó and colleagues in 2012). Objective: We aimed at displaying the semiologies of our sample group (adults and children) and that of two similar studies. Methods: Using Video EEG, we analyzed different semiologic elements of non-epileptic events in an Egyptian sample (adults and children). Results: Eye closure sign was the most frequent occurring semiologic element in both children and adults. Conclusion: Closer semiology was noticeable among adults more than among children. The complexity of seizures increases with age. This was suggested in an earlier study and this work agrees with this suggestion. ER  - 
Prevalence, age-dependent characteristics and response to therapy of patients with mental, neurologic and substance use disorders attending Kampala International University Teaching hospital (KIUTH), Ishaka, Uganda$$$ Objective: Mental, Neurologic and Substance use (MNS) disorders constitute substantial burden with increasing public health concern, especially in sub-Saharan Africa. We retrospectively investigated the prevalence of MNS disorders and described the pattern of presentations, age dependent characteristics and response to therapy of patients in a tertiary hospital in Uganda. Method: Between December 2009-March 2012, 822 of 33,069 (2.5%) patients attending the General Out-Patients clinic with signs and symptoms compatible with MNS disorders as described in DSM IV were enrolled into the study. Information regarding their demographic parameters, physical and clinical examinations reports, diagnosis, treatment regimen and follow-up reports were assessed. Results: The order of prevalence of MNS disorders in the population studied were psychosis (40.5%), schizophrenia (29.6%), depression (14.0%), substance abuse (9.2%) and epilepsy (3.7%). Infections and alcohol abuse were among other factors associated with psychosis. A significant mean age differential (P= 0.0001) was observed in the population with one or more MNS disorders affecting 46% (n=336) aged 25-39.9 years and 28.1% student age population. Early onset of psychosis, schizophrenia and depression occur in 7, 9 and 22 patients aged 12-17.9 years respectively. Admission for response monitoring and follow-up treatments was recorded in 440 patients (60.4%) and in 132 patients (18.3%) with repeated admission. Psychosis and schizophrenia were common causes of admission and re-admission. The mean drug prescription was 3.0 + 0.8 (range 1-5) of neuropsychotropics and length of hospital admission ranged from 1-203 days. Remission Time (RT) for these disorders was significantly longer with schizophrenia than psychosis and depression (P= 0.001). Conclusions: MNS disorders affect all ages, especially the productive population and the burden may be under- appreciated. The cost of hospital admissions and delayed desired therapeutic recovery may further deepen neuropsychiatric sequels and poverty in poor resource communities; hence more robust therapeutic and alternative care strategies are required. © 2014 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l. ER  - 
The relationship of depression to antiepileptic drug adherence and quality of life in epilepsy$$$ We sought to examine the impact of depression upon antiepileptic drug (AED) adherence in patients with epilepsy. We administered the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D), Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E), Seizure Severity Questionnaire (SSQ), and Quality of Life in Epilepsy-10 (QOLIE-10) and measured AED adherence by utilizing the medication possession ratio (MPR) in adult patients with epilepsy identified through a pharmacy claims database. From a sampling frame of over 10,000 patients identified in claims, 2750 were randomly selected and contacted directly by mail to participate in the cross-sectional survey. A total of 465 eligible patients completed a survey. Survey data were combined with administrative claims data for analysis. We conducted a path analysis to assess the relationships between depression, adherence, seizure severity, and quality of life (QOL). Patients with depression scored significantly worse on measures of seizure severity (p = .003), QOL (p < .001), and adherence (p = .001). On path analysis, depression and QOL and seizure severity and QOL were related, but only the NDDI-E scores had a significant relationship with medication adherence (p = .001). Depression as measured by the NDDI-E was correlated with an increased risk of AED nonadherence. Depression or seizure severity adversely impacted QOL. These results demonstrate yet another important reason to screen for depression in epilepsy. © 2014 . ER  - 
Association between p53 codon 72 polymorphism and systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Aim: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a systemic vasculitic disorder, with multiple genes involved in the disease pathogenesis. The p53 gene plays an important role in controlling the cell cycle. We aimed to study the prevalence of p53 polymorphism in SLE patients and analyze the relationship between the p53 polymorphism and clinical-laboratory features of the disease. Material and methods: This case-control study was conducted on patients with confirmed SLE at Namazi Hospital, Shiraz, Iran. Seventy-seven patients with SLE including 9 (11.8%) men and 68 (88.2%) women with mean age of 25.61 ± 10.69 years and 80 healthy controls with mean age of 51.82 ±14.25 years were included. The patients' information, including the epidemiological profile, disease history, disease symptoms and also the laboratory findings, were extracted from the hospital records. The p53 expression was determined in lyzed lymphocytes. The data were analyzed using SPSS software version 14.00 for Windows considering p < 0.05 as statistically significant. Results: The frequencies of Arg/Arg, Pro/Pro and Arg/Pro among normal controls were 38.8%, 28.8% and 37.5%, respectively, but in the patients, Arg/Arg, Pro/Pro and Arg/Pro genotypes frequencies were shown to be 29.2%, 12.3% and 58.5%, respectively. Thus, heterozygous form of this polymorphism was shown to be associated with the disease more than the homozygous alleles. There was a significant relationship between the different allele types of p53 and some clinical features of SLE. There was no association between the different allele types and any of the initial manifestations of the disease and the laboratory findings, as well. Conclusions: In an Iranian population the functional oncoprotein of p53 with codon 72 polymorphism may play an important role in the pathogenesis and clinical presentation of SLE. ER  - 
Prognostic EEG patterns in patients resuscitated from cardiac arrest with particular focus on Generalized Periodic Epileptiform Discharges (GPEDs)$$$ Study aims: We assessed clinical and early electrophysiological characteristics, in particular Generalized Periodic Epileptiform Discharges (GPEDs) patterns, of consecutive patients during a 1-year period, hospitalized in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) after resuscitation following cardiac arrest (CA). Patients and methods: Consecutive patients resuscitated from cardiac arrest (CA) with first EEG recordings within 48. hours were included. Clinical data were collected from hospital records, in particular therapeutic hypothermia. Electroencephalograms (EEGs) were re-analyzed retrospectively. Results: Sixty-two patients were included. Forty-two patients (68%) were treated with therapeutic hypothermia according to international guidelines. Global mortality was 74% but not significantly different between patients who benefited from therapeutic hypothermia compared to those who did not. All the patients who did not have an initial background activity (36/62; 58%) died. By contrast, initial background activity was present in 26/62 (42%) and among these patients, 16/26 (61%) survived. Electroencephalography demonstrated GPEDs patterns in 5 patients, all treated by therapeutic hypothermia and antiepileptic drugs. One of these survived and showed persistent background activity with responsiveness to benzodiazepine intravenous injection. Conclusion: Patients presenting suppressed background activity, even when treated by hypothermia, have a high probability of poor outcome. Thorough analysis of EEG patterns might help to identify patients with a better chance of survival. © 2014 Elsevier Masson SAS. ER  - 
Impact of family support on psychiatric disorders and seizure control in patients with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy$$$ Objective: Psychiatric disorders (PDs) are frequently observed in patients with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME). In this study, we aimed to assess factors associated with PDs in patients with JME. Methods: Retrospective analysis of data of 90 consecutive patients with JME was performed. Assessment of DSM-IV Axis I clinical disorders was done using Structured Clinical Interview for Axis I. Diagnosis of PDs is made when the score exceeds the threshold provided by the DSM-IV. We also applied the Global Assessment of Functioning (GAF) scale which is part of the multiaxial evaluation of the DSM-IV (Axis-V). Using seizure frequency score at presentation, we classified subjects into controlled and uncontrolled groups. Results: In the current cohort, 29 (32.2%) patients were diagnosed with PDs. Fewer patients with PDs had family support (48.3% vs. 83.6%; p. = 0.001). Lifetime prevalence of PDs was higher among patients with current PDs (96.6% vs. 18.0%; p. <. 0.0001). Subthreshold illness was not different between the groups (17.2% vs. 27.9%; p. = 0.204). Mean GAF was higher in patients without PDs than in patients with PDs (89.19. ±. 6.92 vs. 64.22. ±. 9.76; p. <. 0.0001). Patients with PDs had lower seizure control (7.8% vs. 73.1%; p. <. 0.0001) compared with patients without PDs. Logistic regression analysis for factors associated with diagnosis of PDs revealed that none of the factors significantly affected the odds of seizure control.Patients with lack of family support had poor seizure control (0% vs. 36.9%; p. <. 0.0001); 51.7% of patients with JME with PDs reported lack of family support. Patients with family support had lower lifetime prevalence of PDs (30.8% vs. 76.0%; p. <. 0.0001), whereas patients with JME without family support had lower levels of education (8.0% vs. 35.4%; p. = 0.009). Conclusion: Lack of family support is associated with poor seizure control and higher incidence of PDs in patients with JME. Lack of family support increases neither the odds of PDs nor seizure control. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Identification of novel autoantibodies to GABAB receptors in patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Objective: The gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptors (GABARB) are G-protein coupled receptors for GABA, the main inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain. We identified GABARB subunits as candidate antigens in patients with SLE using a random peptide display library. The aim of this study was to investigate the possible link between anti-GABARB antibodies and disease activity and NPSLE. Methods: ELISA was performed with recombinant proteins of GABARB1b and GABARB2 on serum samples from patients with SLE (n = 88), scleroderma (n = 20), myositis (n = 20) or vasculitis (n = 20) as well as healthy subjects (n = 20). Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) from 23 patients with SLE was also examined. Results: Autoantibodies to GABARBs were exclusive to patients with SLE (P<0.001) and positively associated with SLEDAI (anti-GABARB1b, P = 0.001; anti-GABARB2, P<0.001). Of note, autoantibodies were positively linked with NPSLE (anti-GABARB1b, P = 0.02; anti-GABARB2, P = 0.03). Moreover, anti-GABARBs was detected in 61.5% of CSF samples from patients with active NPSLE, a frequency that was significantly higher than that for patients with non-SLE syndromes. Conclusion: Anti-GABARB antibodies could represent novel candidate markers for disease activity and NPSLE. © The Author 2014. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical features and mortality in Chinese with lupus nephritis and neuropsychiatric lupus: A 124-patient study$$$ Few investigation has focused on the patients with lupus nephritis (LN) and neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE). This study was aimed to investigate the clinical features, mortality, and the predictors for mortality of this group of patients. Materials and Methods: Medical records were retrospectively reviewed in Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hospital from 1996 to 2012. Data of demographic information, clinical manifestations, laboratory tests, SLE disease activity index 2000 (SLEDAI- 2K) score, diagnosis, complications, treatment, and mortality was collected. Results: A total of 124 patients were included in our study. Thirty-five (29.1%) patients had glomerular filtration rate <60 ml/min/1.73 m2, while 24 (19.4%) experienced acute kidney injury (AKI). Thirteen of the 19 American College of Rheumatology defined NPSLE syndromes were identified. The most frequent manifestation was seizure disorder (56/124, 45.2%), followed by psychosis (37/124, 29.8%) and cerebrovascular disease (35/124, 28.2%). One hundred and five (84.7%) patients had SLEDAI-2K scores ≥15, the mean of which was 21.5 ± 6.2. The mortality during hospitalization was 12.9% (16/124) with NP involvement itself being the leading cause of death (7/16, 43.8%). Multivariate logistic regression confirmed that age <14 years at onset of NPSLE (odds ratios [OR]: 9.95, 95% confidence intervals [CI]: 1.43-69.36, P = 0.020), AKI (OR: 10.40, 95% CI: 2.33-46.48, P = 0.002) and pneumonia (OR: 4.52, 95% CI: 1.14-17.96, P = 0.032) were risk factors for mortality, while cyclophosphamide (CYC) treatment (OR: 0.09, 95% CI: 0.02-0.54, P = 0.008) was a protective factor. Conclusion: Most of SLE patients with LN and new-onset NPSLE are in an active disease state. NP manifestation itself was the leading cause of death during hospitalization. Childhood-onset NPSLE, AKI and pneumonia might be predictors of mortality, whereas CYC treatment might improve the prognosis. ER  - 
The aetiology of encephalopathic patterns which is detected in electroencephalography analizes$$$ Introduction and purpose: Encephalopathy is the condition of dysfunction arising from the degeneration of brain's metabolism due to structural or non-structural reasons. Electroencephalography (EEG) is an important investigation used in diagnosis and follow up of brain disease with little significance in determining the etiology and it shows the functional state of the brain at the moment it is taken. The purpose of this study is to determine the etiology in patients whose EEGs show encephalopathic pattern. Patients and method: The EEG's of the patients who showed encephalopathic pattern between August 2008 and August 2012 in the Ondokuz Mayi{dotless}s University, Faculty of Medicine, Neurology EEG laboratory were searched and the etiological reasons, demographic properties, additional diseases and encephalopathic pattern types of the patients were examined retrospectively. Findings: 151 (4,5%) patients were included in the structural lesion group, 185 (5,5%) patients were included in the group without structural lesion and 12 (0,3%) patients were included in the periodic complex group. Patients with focal slowing formed the 89 (57,7%) of the structural lesion group while patients with diffuse slowing formed the 65 (42,3%). Patients with focal slowing formed the 62 (34%) of the group without structural lesion while patients with diffuse slowing formed the 120 (66%) of the group. In the structural lesion deceleration group, the most frequent etiologic reasons were stroke (37,7%) and tumor (27,1%) while epilepsy (37,8%) was the most frequent in non-structural lesion group. Death was seen most in the periodic complex group (66,7%), secondly in the non-structural diffuse deceleration group (18,3%) and lastly in the structural diffuse deceleration group (17,7%) Result: In the structural lesion deceleration group, the most frequent etiologic reasons were stroke and tumor while epilepsy was most frequent in non-structural lesion group. Death rate was high in the periodic complex pattern group. No significant relationship was found between EEG groups and etiology. ER  - 
Study of inter-relationship of depression, seizure frequency and quality of life of people with epilepsy in India$$$ Epilepsy is a chronic neurological disorder that can have profound physical, social and psychological consequences. We aimed to assess the clinical predictors of quality of life of people with epilepsy. We recruited 31 patients suffering from epilepsy in this cross-sectional study. Their clinical profile was recorded. Quality Of Life in Epilepsy (QOL1E-31) was used to assess quality of life of our patients. Depression was screened by Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory in Epilepsy (NDDI-E). Among all the clinical variables, only seizure frequency significantly correlated with seizure worry (P=0.002), emotional well-being (P=0.026) and social functions (P=0.013) subscales of QOL1E-31. NDDI-E score showed a significant negative correlation with all the subscales of QOL1E-31 except medication effects (P=0.993). A significant positive correlation was also noted between seizure frequency and NDDI-E score (r=0.417, P=0.020). Seizure frequency and depression are the most important predictors of quality of life in epilepsy patients. The management of patients with epilepsy should not only be aimed at just preventing seizures but the treating clinicians should also be cognizant about depression which itself can significantly affect the quality of life of patients. © S. Mehta et al., 2014. ER  - 
Anxiety and epilepsy: What neurologists and epileptologists should know$$$ Although there has been increasing recognition of psychiatric comorbidity in epilepsy, most research and attention in this area has focused on depression. However, comorbid anxiety in epilepsy is highly prevalent, affectingmore than 40 % of patients in some reports. Many important outcomes are significantly impacted by anxiety in epilepsy, including quality of life, mortality, and seizure status. Recent evidence from epidemiologic studies suggests a bidirectional association of anxiety and epilepsy, and there is mounting evidence for possible common pathophysiology underlying anxiety and epilepsy. Despite this importance, anxiety is under-recognized and undertreated in clinical practice. A variety of anxiety symptoms are seen in epilepsy, including symptoms exclusively before, during or after seizures (peri-ictal anxiety), symptoms resembling primary anxiety disorders, and anxiety directly related to epilepsy or its treatment. Key therapeutic approaches include pharmacotherapy or cognitive behavioral therapy for most forms of interictal anxiety and better seizure control for peri-ictal anxiety. © 2014 Springer-Verlag France. ER  - 
Regulation of emotions in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Background: Despite the long history of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), relatively little is known about the mechanisms that cause and maintain this condition. Emerging research evidence suggests that patients with PNES might have difficulties in regulating their emotions. However, much remains to be learned about the nature of these difficulties and the emotional responses of individuals with PNES. This study aimed to gain a detailed understanding of emotion regulation processes in patients with PNES by examining differences between patients with PNES and a healthy control group with regard to intensity of emotional reactions, understanding of one's emotional experience, beliefs about emotions, and managing emotions by controlling emotional expression. Method: A cross-sectional design was used to compare the group with PNES (n. = 56) and the healthy control group (n. = 88) on a range of self-report measures. Results: Participants with a diagnosis of PNES reported significantly poorer understanding of their emotions, more negative beliefs about emotions, and a greater tendency to control emotional expression compared to the control group. While intensity of emotions did not discriminate between the groups, poor understanding and negative beliefs about emotions were found to be significant predictors of PNES, even after controlling for age, education level, and emotional distress. Furthermore, the presence of some emotion regulation difficulties was associated with self-reported seizure severity. Conclusions: The results of this study are largely consistent with previous literature and provide evidence for difficulties in emotion regulation in patients with PNES. However, this research goes further in bringing together different aspects of emotion regulation, including beliefs about emotions, which have not been examined before. As far as it is known, this is the first study to suggest that levels of alexithymia in a population with PNES are positively associated with self-reported seizure severity. The findings suggest a need for tailored psychological therapies addressing specific emotion regulation difficulties in individuals with PNES. © 2014. ER  - 
Anti-basal ganglia antibodies in primary obsessive-compulsive disorder: Systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background Autoimmune-mediated basal ganglia dysfunction is implicated in the pathophysiology of neuropsychiatric disorders commonly manifesting with obsessive-compulsive features (e.g. Sydenham chorea). The relationship between autoimmunity and primary obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), however, is less clear. Aims To pool data on serum and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) antibasal ganglia antibody (ABGA) positivity in primary OCD (without neurological or autoimmune comorbidity) relative to controls or neuropsychiatric disorders previously associated with increased odds of ABGA positivity. Method We performed electronic database and hand-searches for studies meeting pre-specified eligibility criteria from which we extracted data using a standardised form. We calculated pooled estimates of ABGA positivity using a random-effects model. Results Seven case-control studies totalling 844 participants met the eligibility criteria. Meta-analysis showed that a significantly greater proportion of those with primary OCD were ABGA seropositive compared with various controls (odds ratio (OR) = 4.97, 95% CI 2.88-8.55, P50.00001). This effect was not associated with heterogeneity or publication bias, and remained significant after stratifying the analysis by age, gender, disease severity, illness duration, immunostaining methodology, study quality, publication type, kind of control group, and sample size. There were no significant differences in ABGA seropositivity for comparisons between primary OCD and Tourette syndrome, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder or paediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome. Results of one study testing CSF samples showed that a significantly greater proportion of participants with primary OCD were ABGA CSF-positive compared with healthy controls (OR = 5.60, 95% CI 1.04-30.20, P = 0.045). Conclusions Odds of ABGA seropositivity are increased fivefold in primary OCD compared with controls, but are comparable to those associated with disorders previously associated with ABGA, providing circumstantial evidence of autoimmunity in a subset of those with primary OCD. Further experimental studies are needed to ascertain whether this relationship is causal. Declaration of interest None. ER  - 
Long-term safety of perampanel and seizure outcomes in refractory partial-onset seizures and secondarily generalized seizures: Results from phase III extension study 307$$$ Objective To evaluate safety, tolerability, seizure frequency, and regional variations in treatment responses with the AMPA antagonist, perampanel, in a large extension study during up to 3 years of treatment. Methods Patients ≥12 years old with partial-onset seizures despite treatment with 1-3 antiepileptic drugs at baseline completed a perampanel phase III trial and entered extension study 307 (NCT00735397). Patients were titrated to 12 mg/day (or their individual maximum tolerated dose) during the blinded conversion period, followed by open-label maintenance. Exposure, safety (adverse events [AEs], vital signs, weight, electrocardiography [ECG], laboratory values) and seizure outcomes were analyzed; key measures were assessed by geographic regions. Results Among 1,216 patients, median exposure was 1.5 years (range 1 week to 3.3 years), with >300 patients treated for >2 years. Treatment retention was 58.5% at cutoff. AEs reported in ≥10% of patients were dizziness, somnolence, headache, fatigue, irritability, and weight increase. Only dizziness and irritability caused discontinuation in >1% of patients (3.9% and 1.3%, respectively). The only serious AEs reported in >1% of patients were epilepsy-related (convulsion, 3.0%; status epilepticus, 1.1%). No clinically relevant changes in vital signs, ECG or laboratory parameters were seen. After titration/conversion, responder rate and median percentage change from baseline in seizure frequency were stable: 46% for both measures at 9 months (in 980 patients with ≥9 months' exposure) and 58% and 60%, respectively, at 2 years (in the 337 patients with 2 years' exposure). Median percentage reduction in frequency of secondarily generalized (SG) seizures ranged from 77% at 9 months (N = 422) to 90% at 2 years (N = 141). Among the 694 patients with maintenance data ≥1 year, 5.3% were seizure-free for the entire year. Significance No new safety signals emerged during up to 3 years of perampanel exposure in 39 countries. Seizure responses remained stable, with marked reductions, particularly in SG seizures. A PowerPoint slide summarizing this article is available for download in the Supporting Information section here. © 2014 The Authors. Epilepsia published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Seizure control in Unverricht-Lundborg disease: A single-centre study$$$ New antiepileptic drug (AED) options for generalised seizure types have been adopted for use as treatment for Unverricht-Lundborg disease. Whether this has led to improved seizure control or functional outcome in ULD patients remains obscure.We retrospectively identified all patients seen at Helsinki University Hospital due to Unverricht-Lundborg disease during 2003-2008 in order to determine which AED treatments had been retained for long-term use. The majority of the patients had severe functional disabilities. In the year preceding the last hospital visit, all patients (n=20) were receiving polytherapy and 14 patients had been free of tonic-clonic seizures. During follow-up, improvement in myoclonia had been recorded for the majority of patients with either add-on piracetam, topiramate, or levetiracetam, but valproate was still in use by all patients. Treatment with lamotrigine had been started and retained less often relative to other AEDs. Add-on AED treatment was often associated with significant adverse effects. Unverricht-Lundborg disease patients may benefit from add-on treatment with levetiracetam or topiramate for seizure control. Treatment of eventual comorbidities with other than AEDs is also discussed. ER  - 
Chloralose poisoning: Retrospective evaluation in the adult and pediatric emergency departments of the university hospital of Pointe-à-Pitre from January 2009 till December 2012$$$ Chloralose has a sedative and stimulating effect on the central nervous system. It is currently used as rat poison. Chloralose poisoning is responsible for seizures and sometimes death. The aim of our study was to evaluate the epidemiology of those poisonings in the emergency department of the university hospital of Pointe-à-Pitre to optimize the management of chloralose poisoning. Procedure This is a retrospective study between 01/01/2009 and 31/12/2012. The files were included after computer search from the emergency department software. Results Seventeen cases were included. No deaths were recorded. Seventeen percent of poisonings involved minors (3/17). The place of intoxication was mostly home (16/17). In three quarters of cases poisoning was voluntary (13/17). No pediatric poisoning was deliberate. The dominant symptoms were seizures and nicotinic signs. The hospitalization rate was 65% (11/17), and among its 27% (3/11) was in intensive care. Conclusion Chloralose poisoning is rare and not deadly. But increasing awareness among physicians to recognize signs of chloralose intoxication would allow earlier and a more appropriate care for these patients, including a wider and earlier use of benzodiazepines, thus preventing seizures and the use of intubation. The establishment of a register of intoxications would allow a better monitoring of the epidemiology of these intoxications. © 2014 Société Française de Toxicologie Analytique. ER  - 
Voriconazole therapeutic drug monitoring is necessary for children with invasive fungal infection$$$ Purpose: To determine the clinical significance of voriconazole therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) in the pediatric population. Methods: Twenty-eight patients with invasive fungal infections administered with voriconazole from July 2010 to June 2012 were investigated retrospectively. Fourteen received TDM, and 143 trough concentrations were analyzed. All 28 patients were assessed for adverse events and treatment response six weeks into treatment, and at the end. Results: Out of 143 samples, 53.1% were within therapeutic range (1.0-5.5 mg/L). Patients administered with the same loading (6 mg/kg/dose) and maintenance (4 mg/kg/dose) dosages prior to initial TDM showed highly variable drug levels. Adverse events occurred in 9 of 14 patients (64.3%) in both the TDM and non-TDM group. In the TDM group, voriconazole-related encephalopathy (n=2, 14.3%) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) or alanine aminotransferase (ALT) elevation (n=8, 57.1 %) occurred with serum levels in the toxic range (>5.5 mg/L), whereas blurred-vision (n=2, 14.3%) occurred within the therapeutic range (1.18 mg/L and 3.9 mg/L). The frequency of voriconazole discontinuation due to adverse events was lower in the TDM group (0.0% vs. 18.2%, P =0.481). Overall, 57.2% of the patients in the TDM group versus 14.3% in the non-TDM group showed clinical response after 6 weeks (P =0.055), whereas 21.4% in the TDM group versus 14.3% in the non-TDM group showed response at final outcome (P =0.664). In the TDM group, >67.0% of the serum levels were within therapeutic range for the first 6 weeks; however 45.5% were within therapeutic range for the entire duration. Conclusion: Routine TDM is recommended for optimizing the therapeutic effects of voriconazole. ER  - 
Effects of antidepressants on longevity and dementia onset among adults with Down syndrome: A retrospective study$$$ Objective: To investigate the effects of antidepressants on longevity, age at dementia onset, and survival after onset among adults with Down syndrome, controlling for late-onset seizures, trisomy 21 mosaicism, and cholinesterase inhibitor use. Method: The charts of 357 adults with Down syndrome (mean age at first visit = 46.3 years, SD = 9.0) evaluated in a metropolitan diagnostic and research clinic between 1990 and 2008 were reviewed. Seventeen patients had trisomy 21 mosaicism; 155 patients were diagnosed with depressive disorders using DSM-III-R and IV criteria, 78 of whom received antidepressants for over 90 days. Of 160 patients who developed dementia, the estimated mean age at onset was 52.8 years. Fifty-six patients (demented and nondemented) had late-onset seizures. Longevity and age at estimated onset among those receiving and not receiving antidepressants were compared. Cox proportional hazards models examined risks for dementia onset and death. Results: The mean age at dementia onset among those receiving antidepressants before onset was 53.75 years versus 52.44 years among others. Proportional hazards models showed a significant delay of onset among those taking antidepressants (hazard ratio = 0.69; 95% CI, 0.48-0.98; P = .038). Mean age at death or at end of study for those receiving antidepressants was 54.71 years; among others, it was 52.60 years (hazard ratio = 0.63; 95% CI, 0.42- 0.94; P = .024). Among the 35 adults with late-onset seizures and dementia who died, mean survival after seizure onset was 4.23 years. Conclusions: The findings in this retrospective study revealed that antidepressant use was associated with delayed dementia onset and increased longevity in adults with Down syndrome; mean survival after late-onset seizures was longer than previously reported. Further studies, however, are needed to confirm these associations, optimally in a clinical trial to confirm causality. © Copyright 2014 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Effect of neonatal hemoglobin concentration on long-term outcome of infants affected by fetomaternal hemorrhage$$$ Background: Fetomaternal hemorrhage (FMH) can cause severe morbidity. However, perinatal risk factors for long-term poor outcome due to FMH have not been extensively studied. Aims: To determine which FMH infants are likely to have neurological sequelae. Study design: A single-center retrospective observational study. Perinatal factors, including demographic characteristics, Kleihauer-Betke test, blood gas analysis, and neonatal blood hemoglobin concentration ([Hb]), were analyzed in association with long-term outcomes. Subjects: All 18 neonates referred to a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of Kagoshima City Hospital and diagnosed with FMH during a 15-year study period. All had a neonatal [Hb] <. 7.5. g/dL and 15 of 17 neonates tested had Kleihauer-Betke test result >. 4.0%. Outcome measures: Poor long-term outcome was defined as any of the following determined at 12. month old or more: cerebral palsy, mental retardation, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, and epilepsy. Results: Nine of the 18 neonates exhibited poor outcomes. Among demographic characteristics and blood variables compared between two groups with poor and favorable outcomes, significant differences were observed in [Hb] (3.6. ±. 1.4 vs. 5.4. ±. 1.1. g/dL, P=. 0.01), pH (7.09. ±. 0.11 vs. 7.25. ±. 0.13, P=. 0.02) and base deficits (17.5. ±. 5.4 vs. 10.4. ±. 6.0. mmol/L, P=. 0.02) in neonatal blood, and a number of infants with [Hb]. ≤. 4.5. g/dL (78%[7/9] vs. 22%[2/9], P=. 0.03), respectively. The base deficit in neonatal arterial blood increased significantly with decreasing neonatal [Hb]. Conclusions: Severe anemia causing severe base deficit is associated with neurological sequelae in FMH infants. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Panic attack symptoms differentiate patients with epilepsy from those with psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES)$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES) are frequently challenging to differentiate from epileptic seizures. The experience of panic attack symptoms during an event may assist in distinguishing PNES from seizures secondary to epilepsy. A retrospective analysis of 354 patients diagnosed with PNES (N. =. 224) or with epilepsy (N. =. 130) investigated the thirteen Diagnostic and Statistical Manual-IV-Text Revision panic attack criteria endorsed by the two groups. We found a statistically higher mean number of symptoms reported by patients with PNES compared with those with epilepsy. In addition, the majority of the panic attack symptoms including heart palpitations, sweating, shortness of breath, choking feeling, chest discomfort, dizziness/unsteadiness, derealization or depersonalization, fear of dying, paresthesias, and chills or hot flashes were significantly more frequent in those with PNES. As patients with PNES frequently have poor clinical outcomes, treatment addressing the anxiety symptomatology may be beneficial. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Protective effects of some statins on epileptogenesis and depressive-like behavior in WAG/Rij rats, a genetic animal model of absence epilepsy$$$ Summary Objective Statins (3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A [HMG-CoA] reductase inhibitors) exert cholesterol-independent pleiotropic effects that include antithrombotic, antiinflammatory, and antioxidative properties. Moreover, both in vitro and in vivo studies have shown neuroprotective, antiseizure, and antiexcitotoxic effects of statins, suggesting their potential role in the treatment of neurologic diseases. Only a few studies have investigated whether statins modulate absence seizure activity and epileptogenesis. Methods We investigated the effects of atorvastatin (5 and 10 mg/kg/day), simvastatin (10 mg/kg/day), and pravastatin (10 and 30 mg/kg/day), given orally for 17 consecutive weeks (starting at 45 days of age), on the development of absence seizures (electroencephalography [EEG] recordings), depressive-like behavior (forced swimming test [FST]), and anxiety levels (open field test [OF]) in Wistar Albino Glaxo/Rijswijk rats (WAG/Rij) rats at the age of 6 months (1 month after suspension). WAG/Rij rats are a genetic animal model of absence epilepsy, epileptogenesis, and mild-depression comorbidity. The effects of statins were also studied after acute intraperitoneal injection for 4 h after administration of various doses in 6-months-old rats. Plasma cholesterol levels were measured throughout drug treatment. Results We found that early long-term statin treatment possesses antiepileptogenic properties, reduced immobility time in the FST, and reduced anxiety in the OF, whereas they were not effective against established absence seizures when acutely administered. The observed effects were not related to changes in plasma cholesterol levels, which remained unchanged during drug treatment. Significance Our results suggest that statins administration might be a possible intervention and promising strategy for preventing the epileptogenesis and/or behavioral comorbidity. © 2014 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
The effects of financial incentives for case finding for depression in patients with diabetes and coronary heart disease: Interrupted time series analysis$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effects of Quality and Outcomes Framework (QOF) incentivised case finding for depression on diagnosis and treatment in targeted and non-targeted long-term conditions. Design: Interrupted time series analysis. Setting: General practices in Leeds, UK. Participants: 65 (58%) of 112 general practices shared data on 37 229 patients with diabetes and coronary heart disease targeted by case finding incentives, and 101 008 patients with four other long-term conditions not targeted (hypertension, epilepsy, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma). Intervention: Incentivised case finding for depression using two standard screening questions. Main outcome measures: Clinical codes indicating new depression-related diagnoses and new prescriptions of antidepressants. We extracted routinely recorded data from February 2002 through April 2012. The number of new diagnoses and prescriptions for those on registers was modelled with a binomial regression, which provided the strength of associations between time periods and their rates. Results: New diagnoses of depression increased from 21 to 94/100 000 per month in targeted patients between the periods 2002-2004 and 2007-2011 (OR 2.09; 1.92 to 2.27). The rate increased from 27 to 77/100 000 per month in non-targeted patients (OR 1.53; 1.46 to 1.62). The slopes in prescribing for both groups flattened to zero immediately after QOF was introduced but before incentivised case finding (p<0.01 for both). Antidepressant prescribing in targeted patients returned to the pre-QOF secular upward trend (Wald test for equivalence of slope, z=0.73, p=0.47); the slope was less steep for non-targeted patients (z=-4.14, p<0.01). Conclusions: Incentivised case finding increased new depression-related diagnoses. The establishment of QOF disrupted rising trends in new prescriptions of antidepressants, which resumed following the introduction of incentivised case finding. Prescribing trends are of concern given that they may include people with mild-to-moderate depression unlikely to respond to such treatment. ER  - 
Dissociative experiences in epilepsy - A neuropathological and sociodemographic study in a Chinese population$$$ Background: It is well known that dissociative experiences coexist with various epilepsy syndromes. However, the prevalence of dissociative experiences in different subtypes of epilepsy remains unknown. This is especially important because of the current prevalent view that the etiology of dissociation in seizures is neurobiological rather than psychosocial. The amygdala especially has been implicated in such dissociative features of epilepsy. This would indirectly imply that the patients with CPS have higher prevalence of dissociative symptoms compared with those with GTCS. Methodology: We studied and compared the dissociative experiences as well as the depression and anxiety levels between 24 patients suffering from temporal lobe epilepsy and 26 patients suffering from generalized tonic-clonic seizures. We used the Dissociative Experiences Scale to evaluate the dissociative experiences. A third group of healthy individuals was included as the control group. The statistical significance was fixed at 0.05. Results: There were significant differences between the scores of DES-II of the healthy individuals and those of patients with epilepsy. However, there were no significant differences between the DES scores of different patients with epilepsy categorized according to neuropathology. There were also no significant differences between HAM-A and HAM-D scores between groups with epilepsy, but the scores were higher than those of the healthy individuals. There were significant differences between the DES scores in different sociodemographic groups such that higher scores were observed in groups with lower education (p. <. 0.05). In addition, the scores on DES were higher in individuals with low socioeconomic status than in those with high socioeconomic status. Conclusion: The patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and those with generalized tonic-clonic seizures have similar dissociative experiences which are both more than those found in individuals without epilepsy. However, these dissociative experiences may not be related to the neuropathological parameters as much as they are to the sociodemographic parameters like education, age, socioeconomic status, and sex. This shows that the psychopathology of dissociation in epilepsy is similar to that of the general population. © 2014. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric and seizure outcomes in nonparaneoplastic autoimmune limbic encephalitis$$$ Introduction: Autoimmune limbic encephalitis is an inflammatory condition often associated with an underlying neoplasm. However, a subset of patients does not have an underlying tumor and have a nonparaneoplastic form of this condition. The focus in the literature has been on the acute phase of this illness, but long-term follow-up is lacking. Methods: A retrospective chart review, over a period of 15years, of patients carrying a diagnosis of encephalitis was performed. Inclusion criteria included a clinical presentation consistent with limbic encephalitis (subacute behavioral change, seizures, or anterograde memory decline) and an identifiable autoantibody, inflammatory CSF (>5white blood cells/mm3), or limbic hyperintensities on MRI. Readmission rates and long-term psychiatric, psychosocial, and seizure outcomes were evaluated. Results: A total of 16 patients were identified. Clinical presentation included new-onset seizures in 14 (88%), behavioral changes in 7 (44%), and memory decline in 5 (31%). Four (25%) patients presented with status epilepticus. Five patients had antibodies against NMDAR (N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor) and four against VGKC (voltage gated potassium channel) complex. An inflammatory CSF was noted in 7 (44%) and MRI changes in 9 (56%). Four were readmitted during the follow-up period. Around half the patients continued to have medically drug/treatment-refractory seizures, while 7 (44%) had a new psychiatric diagnosis (mood disorder, anxiety disorder, or impulse control disorder). The majority of the patients continued to reside at home, while 43% of previously employed patients lost employment. Conclusion: Nonparaneoplastic autoimmune limbic encephalitis is a neuropsychiatric condition presenting with a combination of seizures (sometimes status epilepticus), behavioral changes, and memory decline. After the acute phase, patients are at risk of readmissions, medically refractory seizures, chronic mood and anxiety disorders, and loss of employment. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Risk factors for Neuropsychiatric manifestations in children with systemic lupus erythematosus: Case-control study$$$ Background Neuropsychiatric symptoms in children with systemic lupus erythematosus cause high morbidity and disability. This study analyzed risk factors associated with neuropsychiatric presentation in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus aged <18 years. Methods A case-control study was performed. Medical record information of patients with a diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus who were hospitalized with or without neuropsychiatric symptoms was collected between March 2007 and January 2012. Clinical variables, laboratory examinations, neuroimages, and disease activity (Systemic Erythematosus Lupus Disease Activity Index) and damage (Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics) indices were analyzed. Results A total of 90 patients were selected, 30 with neuropsychiatric symptoms. The patients' average age was 12.2 years. The most common neuropsychiatric symptoms were seizures, migraine, and depression. The average Systemic Erythematosus Lupus Disease Activity Index was 19.86 (S.D. 10.83) and the average Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics index was 2.02 (S.D. 2.43), with higher values in patients with neuropsychiatric symptoms (P = 0.001). The levels of complement C3 and C4 were significantly higher in patients with a neuropsychiatric disorder (P = 0.003). Lupus anticoagulant was found in 51.5% of patients with neuropsychiatric symptoms (odds ratio, 3.7; 95% confidence interval, 1.3-10.0). Immunosuppression with azathioprine, rituximab, or cyclophosphamide delayed the time to neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus development by 18.5 months (95% confidence interval, 10.6-26.5) compared to patients who did not receive these agents. Conclusions The presence of lupus anticoagulant was a risk factor in our patients. The use of immunosuppressants, such as cyclophosphamide, rituximab, and azathioprine, delayed the presentation of neuropsychiatric manifestations of lupus. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Serotonin transporter gene × environment and risk of depression in community-treated epilepsy$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to test whether a specific serotonin transporter (5HTT) gene polymorphism interacting with life stress increased the risk of depression in patients with epilepsy. Methods: The Tasmanian Epilepsy Register Mood Study (TERMS) used a cross-sectional study design of a community sample of patients with epilepsy previously recruited into the Tasmanian Epilepsy Register. It employed a mailed self-complete questionnaire and saliva DNA collection. Depression was assessed using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale. Environmental measures were selected to cover recent stressful events, epilepsy-related stress, current social support, and early life stress. Results: Of 820 eligible participants, 553 (67%) participants completed the study. Experience of at least one stressful life event was very common, with a significant association between depression and the stressful life events (F. = 26.2, df. = 3, p. <. 0.001). There was no association between serotonin transporter genotype and level of depressive symptoms reported (F. = 0.421, df. = 2, p. = 0.7). There was no evidence of any adverse life experiences interacting with serotonin transporter genotype to moderate the risk of depression. Significance: The failure to demonstrate a main effect of genotype on depression or a gene. ×. environment interaction differs from several studies of patients with other chronic diseases. However, it is consistent with larger general population studies. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Mitochondrial NADP(H) deficiency due to a mutation in NADK2 causes dienoyl-CoA reductase deficiency with hyperlysinemia$$$ Dienoyl-CoA reductase (DECR) deficiency with hyperlysinemia is a rare disorder affecting the metabolism of polyunsaturated fatty acids and lysine. The molecular basis of this condition is currently unknown. We describe a new case with failure to thrive, developmental delay, lactic acidosis and severe encephalopathy suggestive of a mitochondrial disorder. Exome sequencing revealed a causal mutation in NADK2. NADK2 encodes the mitochondrial NAD kinase, which is crucial for NADP biosynthesis evidenced by decreased mitochondrial NADP(H) levels in patient fibroblasts. DECR and also the first step in lysine degradation are performed by NADP-dependent oxidoreductases explaining their in vivo deficiency. DECR activity was also deficient in lysates of patient fibroblasts and could only be rescued by transfecting patient cells with functional NADK2. Thus NADPH is not only crucial as a cosubstrate, but can also act as a molecular chaperone that activates and stabilizes enzymes. In addition to polyunsaturated fatty acid oxidation and lysine degradation, NADPH also plays a role in various other mitochondrial processes. We found decreased oxygen consumption and increased extracellular acidification in patient fibroblasts, which may explain why the disease course is consistent with clinical criteria for a mitochondrial disorder. We conclude that DECR deficiency with hyperlysinemia is caused by mitochondrial NADP(H) deficiency due to a mutation in NADK2. © The Author 2014. Published by Oxford University Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Changes in the demand for paediatric neurology care in a spanish tertiary care hospital over a 20-year period$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study is to determine the profile of the demand for paediatric neurology care in a Spanish tertiary hospital over the past 20 years. Method: We studied epidemiological data, reasons for consultation, diagnoses and complementary tests from all patients examined by our Paediatric Neurology Unit in its 20 years of service (from May 1990 to March 2010). We also reviewed data from patients whose first visit took place within the last five years (2005-2010) and compared them to data obtained from a prior study carried out in this Unit from 1990 to 1995. To compare the first 5 years (group 1) with the last 5 years (group 2), we calculated confidence intervals, P < .05, for the frequency distribution (%) in each category. Results: Main reasons for consultation and principal diagnoses for the 12726 patients evaluated in the 20-year period, as well as results from group 1 (2046 patients) and group 2 (4488 patients) corresponding to first and the last 5 years of activity respectively, are presented with their confidence intervals in a series of tables. Conclusions: Variations in the reasons for consultation, diagnoses and complementary tests over time reflect changes determined by medical, scientific and social progress, and organisational changes specific to each hospital. This explains the difficulty of comparing different patient series studied consecutively, which are even more pronounced between different hospitals. © 2012 Sociedad Española de Neurología. ER  - 
Propofol and thiopental as anesthetic agents in electroconvulsive therapy: A retrospective study in major depression$$$ Objective: To determine the influence of propofol and thiopental as anesthetics in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), as regards, seizure duration, electrical charge, clinical efficacy, cardiovascular profile, and presence of adverse cognitive effects. Methods: A retrospective design including 127 patients who received bilateral ECT for the treatment of a major depressive episode. Results: The mean seizure duration in the propofol group was significantly shorter than in the thiopental group (21.23 ± 6.09 versus 28.24 ± 6.67 seconds, P <.001). The mean stimulus charge was 348.22 mC in the propofol group, and 238 mC in the thiopental group (P <.001). Propofol was associated with a lower increase in blood pressure. There were no differences between groups in treatment response or presence of adverse effects. Conclusions: The anesthetic agent used in ECT might determine differences in parameters such as seizure duration or electrical charge. However, this does not seem to be translated into differences in clinical efficacy or the pattern of adverse effects observed. © 2012 SEP y SEPB. Publicado por Elsevier Espana, S.L. Todos los derechos reservados. ER  - 
Cross-sectional study of the characteristics, healthcare usage, morbidity and mortality of injecting drug users attending an inner city emergency department$$$ Background: The affliction of injecting drug use (IDU) has resulted in the emergence of a subgroup of people with a unique set of medical issues. We aimed to describe the emergency department (ED) presentations of IDUs. Methods: In a prospective observational study over a 3-month period, we identified characteristics of patients with a history of active IDU presenting to the ED. Results: From 1 January 2010 to 31 March 2010, 146 patients with a history of IDU were identified. These contributed to 222 acute presentations to the ED. Baseline characteristics revealed that patients were predominantly male, of Irish nationality, with high levels of homelessness, unemployment and lack of stable family or intimate partner relationships. 45% of presentations occurred as a result of infection (95% CI 38.5% to 51.5%). Trauma, pure toxicological issues, thromboembolic phenomena and psychiatric issues comprised the other common acute diagnoses. The burden of comorbid medical illness was substantial with high rates of hepatitis C infection (74%) and HIV infection (13.8%). Healthcare utilisation indices for this cohort are extreme on multiple measures. We found an ED attendance rate of 445 per 100 patient-years, an admission rate of 68.8 per 100 patient-years and mortality rate of 4.86 per 100 patient-years. Conclusions: Our study characterises the emergency presentations of active IDUs. We describe considerable acute and chronic medical consequences and high healthcare utilisation associated with IDU. This study is of particular relevance to any institution that provides acute medical care to this group of patients. ER  - 
Safety study of long-term video-electroencephalogram monitoring$$$ Introduction: The increased morbidity and mortality and poorer quality of life associated with drug-resistant epilepsy justify admitting patients to epilepsy monitoring units (EMU). These units employ methods that promote the occurrence of seizures, which involves a risk of secondary adverse events. The aim of our study is to characterise and quantify these adverse events in a Spanish EMU. Materials and methods: A descriptive, longitudinal and retrospective study of patients admitted consecutively to our EMU. Patients admitted due to status epilepticus, clusters of seizures, or as participants in a clinical trial were excluded. Results: We included 175 patients, of whom 92.1% (161) did not suffer any adverse events. Status epilepticus was present in 3.4% (6); 1.7% (3) had traumatic injury, 1.7% (3) had interictal or postictal psychosis, and 1.1% (2) had cardiorespiratory impairment. There were no risk factors associated with these adverse events. Conclusions: The most frequently-identified adverse events were status epilepticus, traumatic injury, interictal or postictal psychosis, and cardiorespiratory disorders. The frequency of these adverse events was similar to that seen in international literature. The complications detected do not contraindicate VEEGM. © 2012 Sociedad Española de Neurología. ER  - 
Epileptic activities are common in older people with delirium$$$ Aim: Delirium is responsible for up to 56% of hospital admissions in the elderly. Epilepsy and delirium share most risk factors and are both associated with confusion. The aim of this work was to study whether a link between epileptic activity (EA) and delirium existed, and if this link was relevant. Methods: Charts of patients aged over 65 years admitted for delirium at the emergency room in 2011 were retrospectively reviewed. Risk factors for delirium, past medical history, medications, biological and iconographic work-up were analyzed. Those characteristics were compared in patients who had electroencephalogram (EEG) with those who had not. Clinical characteristics of patients with EA on EEG were compared with the patients without EA. Results: A total of 177 charts were analyzed. The only parameters associated with the realization of an EEG were anti-epileptic drug treatment and subdural hematoma. A total of 56% (98/177) of patients had EEG. A total of 84% of EEG were abnormal. EA were present in 15% of EEG: 12 with interictal epileptiform discharges and three with non-convulsive status (NCSE). In multivariate analysis, only dehydration and the use of anticholinergic drugs were associated with EA. Outcome showed a trend for longer hospital stay and a higher institutionalization rate for patients with delirium who had EA. Conclusion: EA occur in a significant proportion of delirium, and possibly have a role in the prognosis and pathophysiology of this disorder. Almost no anomalies can distinguish a priori patients in delirium who will have EA. EEG should be carried out in all older patients with delirium. © 2013 Japan Geriatrics Society. ER  - 
Initial anticonvulsant monotherapy in routine care of children and adolescents: Levetiracetam fails more frequently than valproate and oxcarbazepine due to a lack of effectiveness$$$ Since anticonvulsants such as valproate or oxcarbazepine have quite a disadvantageous profile of possible adverse drug events (ADEs), safer alternatives are being sought. The newer anticonvulsant levetiracetam is often considered advantageous. We performed a chart review of children and adolescents aged from 0.5 to 16.9 years, who had been started on an initial monotherapy with levetiracetam, valproate, or oxcarbazepine between 2007 and 2011, in order to analyze the therapy's failure rate during the first year. We differentiated failure of monotherapy due to a lack of effectiveness and due to ADEs. No psychometric tests were performed. Lack of effectiveness and inacceptable ADEs were assumed according to the judgment of physicians and families. Anticonvulsive monotherapy failed in 29/61 (48 %) levetiracetam patients and in 18/49 (37 %) valproate patients (for focal and generalized epilepsies; n.s.). This was caused by a lack of effectiveness in 25/61 (41 %) levetiracetam patients and in 11/49 (22 %) valproate patients (p ≤ 0.05). A modification of therapy due to ADEs was performed in 4/61 (7 %) levetiracetam patients and in 7/49 (14 %) valproate patients (n.s.). An anticonvulsive monotherapy failed in 21/42 (50 %) patients treated with levetiracetam and in 10/34 (29 %) patients treated with oxcarbazepine (for focal epilepsies; n.s.). Changes of monotherapy were caused by a lack of effectiveness in 17/42 (40 %) of levetiracetam patients and in 6/34 (18 %) of oxcarbazepine patients (p ≤ 0.05). ADEs leading to changes in therapy were reported for 4/42 (10 %) of levetiracetam and 4/34 (12 %) of oxcarbazepine patients (n.s.). An initial monotherapy of levetiracetam failed more frequently due to a lack of effectiveness than a monotherapy with valproate or oxcarbazepine. We found no significant difference in therapy failure due to ADEs. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Lacosamide as an adjunctive therapy in pediatric patients with refractory focal epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of lacosamide in pediatric patients with refractory focal epilepsy. Methods: We reviewed retrospectively the medical records of children younger than 18. years of age treated at Seoul National University Bundang Hospital, in whom oral lacosamide was used as an adjunctive treatment for refractory focal epilepsy. Clinical information regarding the patients' epilepsy and the outcome of lacosamide treatment was gathered and analyzed. Results: Twenty-one patients (16 boys, 5 girls) were included, with a median age of 13.9 (range, 1.2-17.9) years. The mean number of concomitant antiepileptic drugs was 3.0 (range, 1-6) and the mean duration of follow-up was 10.1 (range, 6.1-13.0) months. The mean maintenance dose of lacosamide was 5.4 (range, 1.4-9.8) mg/kg/day. Fourteen patients (67%) were responders; four of these were seizure free at the last follow-up. Seven patients (33%) were nonresponders: two of these presented with <50% seizure reduction and five showed no change in seizure frequency. Two patients (10%) discontinued oral lacosamide because of adverse events (aggressive behavior and depression). Mild transient treatment-related adverse events were observed in eight of the 21 patients (38%). Conclusions: Lacosamide represents a useful drug that is effective for a wide range of pediatric refractory focal epilepsy and is well tolerated. © 2013 The Japanese Society of Child Neurology. ER  - 
Antitumour activity of enzalutamide (MDV3100) in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC) pre-treated with docetaxel and abiraterone$$$ Background The new generation anti-androgen enzalutamide and the potent CYP17 inhibitor abiraterone have both demonstrated survival benefits in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC) progressing after docetaxel. Preliminary data on the antitumour activity of abiraterone after enzalutamide have suggested limited activity. The antitumour activity and safety of enzalutamide after abiraterone in metastatic CRPC patients is still unknown. Patients and Methods We retrospectively identified patients treated with docetaxel and abiraterone prior to enzalutamide to investigate the activity and safety of enzalutamide in a more advanced setting. Prostate specific antigen (PSA), radiological and clinical assessments were analysed. Results 39 patients with metastatic CRPC were identified for this analysis (median age 70 years, range: 54-85 years). Overall 16 patients (41%) had a confirmed PSA decline of at least 30%. Confirmed PSA declines of ≥50% and ≥90% were achieved in 5/39 (12.8%) and 1/39 (2.5%) respectively. Of the 15 patients who responded to abiraterone, two (13.3%) also had a confirmed ≥50% PSA decline on subsequent enzalutamide. Among the 22 abiraterone-refractory patients, two (9%) achieved a confirmed ≥50% PSA decline on enzalutamide. Conclusion Our preliminary case series data suggest limited activity of enzalutamide in the post-docetaxel and post-abiraterone patient population. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comparing effects of ketamine and thiopental administration during electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: A randomized, double-blind study$$$ OBJECTIVES: Recently, ketamine has attracted attention for induction of anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). This study compared the effects of thiopental and ketamine in patients undergoing this procedure. METHOD: This randomized, double-blind clinical trial included inpatients, with major depressive disorder, undergoing ECT. Subjects were randomly allocated to receive either ketamine or thiopental. Mini-Mental State Examination and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale were used to assess memory and depression, respectively, before the first and second ECT sessions as well as a few days and 1 month after the sixth session. The electrical charge, seizure duration, blood pressure, and heart rate were also recorded. RESULTS: Of the 31 patients, 17 met the criteria for the ketamine group but 2 dropped out of the study. Therefore, 15 patients received ketamine and 14 received thiopental. Each patient underwent 6 ECT sessions. At the end of the study, depression improved significantly in both groups. However, a significant difference in depression improvement was noted only before the second ECT with ketamine compared with thiopental. Despite a significant decline in Mini-Mental State Examination scores in both groups after the first ECT, cognitive function improved afterward but was only significant in ketamine group. Seizure duration was found to be significantly longer with ketamine. Stimulus intensity used for each ECT increased gradually and linearly with a greater increase observed in thiopental group. CONCLUSIONS: Ketamine administration during ECT is well tolerated and patients may experience earlier improvement in depressive symptoms, longer seizure duration, and better cognitive performance when compared with thiopental. Copyright © 2014 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Mortality and causes of death in children referred to a tertiary epilepsy center$$$ Background Patients with epilepsy, including children, have an increased mortality rate when compared to the general population. Only few studies on causes of mortality in childhood epilepsy exist and pediatric SUDEP rate is under continuous discussion. Aim To describe general mortality, incidence of sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP), causes of death and age distribution in a pediatric epilepsy patient population. Methods The study retrospectively examined the mortality and causes of death in 1974 patients with childhood-onset epilepsy at a tertiary epilepsy center in Denmark over a period of 9 years. Cases of death were identified through their unique civil registration number. Information from death certificates, autopsy reports and medical notes were collected. Results 2.2% (n = 43) of the patient cohort died during the study period. This includes 9 patients with SUDEP (8 SUDEP cases per 10,000 patient years). 9 patients died in the course of neurodegenerative disease and 28 children died of various causes. Epilepsy was considered drug resistant in more than 95% of the deceased patients, 90% were diagnosed with intellectual disability. Mortality of patients that underwent dietary epilepsy treatment was slightly higher than in the general cohort. There were no epilepsy-related deaths due to drowning. Conclusions This study confirms that SUDEP must not be disregarded in the pediatric age group. The vast majority of SUDEP cases in this study displays numerous risk factors similar to those described in adult epilepsy patients. Including SUDEP, only 30% of the mortality was directly seizure related. © 2013 European Paediatric Neurology Society. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adjunctive brivaracetam for uncontrolled focal and generalized epilepsies: Results of a phase III, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, flexible-dose trial$$$ Purpose To evaluate the safety and tolerability of adjunctive brivaracetam (BRV), a high-affinity synaptic vesicle protein 2A (SV2A) ligand, in adults with uncontrolled epilepsy. Efficacy was also assessed in patients with focal seizures as a secondary objective, and explored by descriptive analysis in patients with generalized seizures. Methods This was a phase III, randomized, double-blind, placebo (PBO)-controlled flexible dose trial (N01254/NCT00504881) in adults (16-70 years) with uncontrolled epilepsy (up to 20% could be patients with generalized epilepsy). After a prospective 4-week baseline, patients were randomized (3:1) to b.i.d. BRV or PBO, initiated at 20 mg/day and increased, as needed, to 150 mg/day during an 8-week dose-finding period. This was followed by an 8-week stable-dose maintenance period. The treatment period comprised the dose-finding period plus the maintenance period (16 weeks). Key Findings A total of 480 patients were randomized (BRV 359, PBO 121); of these, 431 had focal epilepsy and 49 had generalized epilepsy. Ninety percent BRV- and 91.7% PBO-treated patients completed the study. Similar proportions of patients (BRV 66.0%, PBO 65.3%) reported adverse events (AEs) during the treatment period. AEs led to treatment discontinuation in 6.1% and 5.0% of BRV- and PBO-treated patients, respectively. The incidence of AEs declined from the dose-finding (BRV 56.0%, PBO 55.4%) to the maintenance (BRV 36.8%, PBO 40.9%) period. The most frequent AEs during the treatment period were headache (BRV 14.2% vs. PBO 19.8%), somnolence (BRV 11.1% vs. PBO 4.1%), and dizziness (BRV 8.6% vs. PBO 5.8%). The incidence of psychiatric AEs was similar for BRV and PBO (BRV 12.3%, PBO 11.6%). In patients with focal seizures, the baseline-adjusted percent reduction in seizure frequency/week in the BRV group (n = 323) over PBO (n = 108) was 7.3% (p = 0.125) during the treatment period. The median percent reduction in baseline-adjusted seizure frequency/week was 26.9% BRV versus 18.9% PBO (p = 0.070), and the ≥50% responder rate was 30.3% BRV versus 16.7% PBO (p = 0.006). In patients with generalized seizures only, the number of seizure days/week decreased from 1.42 at baseline to 0.63 during the treatment period in BRV-treated patients (n = 36), and from 1.47 at baseline to 1.26 during the treatment period in PBO-treated patients (n = 13). The median percent reduction from baseline in generalized seizure days/week was 42.6% versus 20.7%, and the ≥50% responder rate was 44.4% versus 15.4% in BRV-treated and PBO-treated patients, respectively. Significance Adjunctive BRV given at individualized tailored doses (20-150 mg/day) was well tolerated in adults with uncontrolled epilepsy, and our results provided support for further evaluation of efficacy in reducing focal and generalized seizures. © 2013 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Adjunctive brivaracetam in adults with uncontrolled focal epilepsy: Results from a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Purpose Brivaracetam (BRV) is a novel high-affinity synaptic vesicle protein 2A ligand in clinical development for the treatment of epilepsy. This phase III study (N01252; NCT00490035) evaluated the efficacy and safety/tolerability of BRV (20, 50, and 100 mg/day) compared with placebo (PBO) in patients aged 16-70 years with uncontrolled focal seizures with/without secondary generalization, despite treatment with one to two concomitant antiepileptic drugs at a stable and optimal dosage. Methods This was a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial conducted across Europe and India. Eligible patients had two or more focal seizures/month for 3 months prior to screening and eight or more focal seizures during the 8-week prospective baseline. Concomitant use of levetiracetam was limited to 20% of randomized patients. Patients were randomized (1:1:1:1) to BRV 20, 50, 100 mg/day or PBO with no up-titration for 12 weeks, followed by down-titration or entry into a long-term follow-up study. The primary efficacy end point was percent reduction over PBO in baseline-adjusted focal seizure frequency/week over the 12-week treatment period. Comparison of BRV with PBO was sequential to control for multiplicity (50, 100, 20 mg/day), and thus required BRV to demonstrate superiority over PBO at 50 mg/day to meet the primary efficacy end point. Secondary efficacy variables were median percent reduction from baseline in focal seizure frequency/week, ≥50% responder rate, and seizure freedom (all seizure types). Safety assessments included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Key Findings Of 399 randomized patients, 398 were included in the intent-to-treat (ITT) and safety populations. Overall, 367 (92.2%) of 398 patients completed the study (BRV: 93.9%, 88.9%, and 94.0% for 20, 50, and 100 mg/day, respectively; PBO: 92.0%) and 345 (86.7%) of 398 patients continued into long-term follow-up studies (BRV: 87.9%, 82.8%, and 88.0% for 20, 50, and 100 mg/day, respectively; PBO: 88.0%). The study did not meet its primary efficacy end point based on the predefined sequential testing strategy. Indeed, percent reduction over PBO in baseline-adjusted focal seizure frequency/week (primary efficacy analysis) was 6.8% (p = 0.239), 6.5% (p = 0.261), and 11.7% (p = 0.037) for BRV 20, 50, and 100 mg/day, respectively. Median percent reduction from baseline in focal seizure frequency/week was 30.0% (p = 0.019), 26.8% (p = 0.092), and 32.5% (p = 0.004) for BRV 20, 50, and 100 mg/day, respectively, compared with 17.0% for PBO. Responder rates (≥50%) were 27.3% (p = 0.339), 27.3% (p = 0.372), and 36.0% (p = 0.023) for BRV 20, 50, and 100 mg/day, respectively, compared with 20.0% for PBO. Complete seizure freedom was reported by 2/99, 0/99, and 4/100 patients on BRV 20, 50, and 100 mg/day, respectively, compared with 0/100 on PBO. The incidence of TEAEs was higher for BRV 20 (56/99, 56.6%), 50 (62/99, 62.6%), and 100 mg/day (63/100, 63.0%) than PBO (53/100, 53.0%); most TEAEs were mild or moderate in severity. The most frequently reported TEAEs in the BRV groups were headache, somnolence, dizziness, and fatigue. Significance In this study of adjunctive BRV (20-100 mg/day) in adults with uncontrolled focal seizures, the primary efficacy analysis based on the 50 mg/day dose was not statistically significant. However, BRV 100 mg/day reduced baseline-adjusted focal seizure frequency/week by 11.7% over PBO, achieving statistical significance (p = 0.037). Secondary efficacy analyses (percent reduction from baseline in focal seizure frequency/week, ≥50% responder rate) provided supportive evidence for the efficacy of BRV 100 mg/day. BRV 20-100 mg/day was well tolerated without up-titration, with a high completion rate. © 2013 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
A review of childhood and adolescent craniopharyngiomas with particular attention to hypothalamic obesity$$$ Background Although craniopharyngiomas are considered "benign" neoplasms by the World Health Organization classification, these tumors may create significant morbidity and mortality in patients. Hypothalamic obesity is a frequent complication of craniopharyngiomas and is refractory to current management options. Patients/Methods We reviewed 24 cases of craniopharyngiomas treated from 1992 to 2010 in patients <18 years of age regarding clinical presentation, neuroimaging, recurrence, morbidity, and mortality, with particular attention to hypothalamic obesity. Results Our cohort conformed to published data in regard to neuroimaging characteristics, and clinical findings in the areas of endocrine, visual, neurological, neurobehavioral, and hypothalamic domains. At last follow-up, 53% of our patients were overweight (8%) or obese (46%). Only 25% of our patients had a healthy body mass index. Contrasting these data with body mass indices at diagnosis, where 21% of patients were overweight and 17% were obese, we found that there was a significant trend towards obesity over time. A significant portion of our mortality appears to be related to complications of obesity. The Native American population in Arizona appears to have a statistically greater incidence of obesity in childhood. Despite our small sample size, 75% of our Native Americans were obese at last follow-up and accounted for 50% of the mortality. Conclusion Hypothalamic obesity is a significant complication of craniopharyngiomas associated with increased mortality. The development of hypothalamic obesity is influenced by premorbid obesity, genetics, and therapy received, specifically radiation. Because of the intractability of hypothalamic obesity, improved understanding of neuroendocrine mechanisms, genomics, and newer antiobesity medications will be necessary to curb this significant complication. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Discontinuation of clozapine: A 15-year naturalistic retrospective study of 320 patients$$$ Objective: Clozapine is underutilized in the management of treatment-resistant schizophrenia. To understand contributing factors, we analyzed the frequency and causes of clozapine discontinuations that occurred over a 15-year period in a clinical setting. Method: Data were extracted from computerized records and from mandatory termination reports for discontinuation events 1993-2007. The reasons for termination were analyzed. Results: Over half of the patients (n = 183/320; 57%) had at least one discontinuation (median time 609 days). The two most common causes for discontinuation were non-adherence (35%) and side-effects (28%). Hematological side-effects accounted for 45% of all side-effect associated discontinuations; most such patients remained eligible for clozapine treatment, and a significant fraction remained on clozapine after rechallenge. Central nervous system side-effects accounted for 35% of side-effect induced discontinuations. General factors significantly associated with discontinuation were African American race, older age at initiation of clozapine and less improvement in psychiatric symptoms. Conclusion: In addition to anticipating and addressing causes of non-adherence, psychiatrists should consider clozapine rechallenge in eligible patients and implement measures to mitigate clozapine-associated sedation, seizures, and other side-effects. Future studies should particularly address why African American and older patients may be more likely to discontinue clozapine. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Duplication of the 15q11-q13 region: Clinical and genetic study of 30 new cases$$$ Background: 15q11-q13 region is an area of well-known susceptibility to genomic rearrangements, in which several breakpoints have been identified (BP1-BP5). Duplication of this region is observed in two instances: presence of a supernumerary marker chromosome (SMC) derived of chromosome 15, or interstitial tandem duplication. Duplications are clinically characterized by a variable phenotype that includes central hypotonia, developmental delay, speech delay, seizure, minor dysmorphic features and autism. Methods: Retrospective clinical and molecular study of 30 unrelated patients who were identified among the patients seen at the genetic clinics of Robert DEBRE hospital with microduplication of the 15q11-q13 region. Results: Fifteen patients presented with a supernumerary marker derived from chromosome 15. In fourteen cases the SMC was of large size, encompassing the Prader-Willi/Angelman critical region. All but one was maternal in origin. One patient had a PWS-like phenotype in absence of maternal UPD. In one case, the marker had a smaller size and contained only the BP1-BP2 region. Fifteen patients presented with interstitial duplication. Four cases were inherited from phenotypically normal parents (3 maternal and 1 paternal). Phenotypic features were somewhat variable and 57% presented with autism. Twelve patients showed cerebral anomalies and 18 patients had an abnormal EEG with a typical, recognizable pattern of excessive diffuse rapid spikes in the waking record, similar to the pattern observed after benzodiazepine exposure. Duplication of paternally expressed genes MKRN3, MAGEL2 and NDN in two autistic patients without extra material of a neighboring region enhances their likelihood to be genes related to autism. © 2013 Elsevier Masson SAS. ER  - 
Effectiveness and safety of rapid clozapine titration in schizophrenia$$$ Objective: Clinical guidelines recommend slow clozapine dose titration in order to decrease the risk of seizures and hypotension. The recommendation may delay adequate control of severe psychotic symptoms. We evaluated the safety and effectiveness of rapid clozapine titration in patients who had been previously exposed to the drug and in patients who received clozapine for the first time after failing to respond to other antipsychotics. Method: Analysis of hospital course of a consecutive cohort of schizophrenia patients (N = 111) who received 25-100 mg of clozapine as needed every 6 h the first treatment day, followed by upward adjustments of 25-100 mg/day. Results: Symptom control was obtained with an average dose of 353 ± 174 mg/day after 4.1 ± 3.1 days in the 73 patients previously treated with clozapine. For the 38 patients initially started on other antipsychotics, the average clozapine dose required for symptom control (409 ± 188 mg/day) was reached after 7.1 ± 4.8 days. None of the patients had seizures, severe hypotension or other major adverse reactions. Conclusion: In this naturalistic cohort study rapid clozapine titration appeared safe and effective for the treatment of schizophrenia. The results justify controlled clinical trials of this treatment method. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Brief group psychoeducation for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A neurologist-initiated program in an epilepsy center$$$ Objective To evaluate therapeutic efficacy upon augmenting the initial communication to patients regarding the diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) with a novel, brief group psychoeducation administered by the same team that provided the video-electroencephalography (VEEG) confirmed diagnosis and within 4 weeks of the diagnosis. Methods Prior to discharge from the epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU), a standardized communication strategy was utilized to explain the diagnosis of PNES to all patients prior to enrollment. Enrolled patients were then randomized to either participation in three successive and monthly group psychoeducational sessions (intervention group), or routine seizure clinic follow-up visits (control group). Both groups completed questionnaires at time of enrollment, and then at approximately 3 months (follow-up 1) and 6 months (follow-up 2) after discharge, assessing for: (1) primary outcomes that include a measure of psychosocial functioning, as well as interval difference in seizure frequency/intensity; and (2) secondary outcomes that include interval seizure-related emergency room visits or hospitalizations, development of new and medically unexplained symptoms, and results of an internal measure of knowledge and perception outcomes. Results The majority (73%) of patients from the intervention group commenced on therapy sessions within 4 weeks after learning of the diagnosis. Although we did not observe significant group difference in seizure frequency/intensity, patients from the intervention group showed significant improvement on the Work and Social Adjustment Scale (WSAS) scores at both follow-up 1 (p = 0.013) and follow-up 2 (p = 0.038) after discharge from the EMU. In addition, we observed a trend toward lesser likelihood for seizure-related emergency room visits or hospitalizations for the intervention group (p = 0.184), as well as meaningful insights from an internal measure of intervention outcomes. Significance These findings suggest that our cost/resource effective, brief group psychoeducational program, when administered early and by the same team who confirmed and communicated the diagnosis of PNES, may contribute to significant functional improvement among participating patients. © 2013 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Extended duration therapy with pegylated interferon and ribavirin for patients with genotype 3 hepatitis C and advanced fibrosis: Final results from the STEPS trial$$$ Background & Aims Patients with genotype 3 hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection and cirrhosis have poor response rates after 24 weeks treatment with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. Treatment for 48 weeks is therefore recommended, although the benefits of this are untested. We examined extended therapy in patients with genotype 3 HCV and advanced fibrosis. Methods Multicentre, open labelled randomized trial comparing therapy with 24 weeks pegylated interferon and ribavirin to 48 weeks of the same therapy. Results 136 patients completed the study. 67 received 24 weeks therapy and the SVR rate (48%) did not differ from that seen in the 69 patients who received 48 weeks therapy (42%). The response rates in patients with biopsy proven cirrhosis (13 patients treated for 24 weeks, 18 patients treated for 48 weeks) or cirrhosis proven on imaging (28 patients treated for 24 weeks and 25 patients treated for 48 weeks) were 46% in those treated for 24 weeks and 40% in those treated for 48 weeks. The differences were not significantly different. Treatment failure was due to relapse in the majority of patients. Conclusions Patients with genotype 3 HCV and advanced fibrosis do not benefit from extended therapy with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. © 2013 European Association for the Study of the Liver. Published. ER  - 
Acute bacterial meningitis in the intensive care unit and risk factors for adverse clinical outcomes: Retrospective study$$$ Background: Bacterial meningitis constitutes a medical emergency. Its burden has driven from childhood to the elderly and the immunocompromised population. However, the admission of patients with bacterial meningitis to the intensive care unit (ICU) has been sparsely approached, as have the prognostic factors associated with an adverse clinical outcome. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis during a 7-year period of patients older than 18 years admitted to 2 polyvalent ICUs. Clinical, demographic, and outcome data were collected to evaluate its clinical impact on the outcome of patients with acute bacterial meningitis. Results: We identified 65 patients with the diagnosis of acute bacterial meningitis (mean Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II, 23; hospital mortality, 40%). Upon clinical presentation, their most frequent signs were fever (84%), seizures (21.5%), and a low Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) score (GCS <. 8; 58.4%). Fifty-five patients (85%) required organ support. A definite microbiological diagnosis was achieved in 45 patients. An adverse clinical outcome was noted in 46 patients (71%). These patients were older (. P = .005), had higher Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II score (. P = .022), and had lower GCS (. P = .022). In the multivariate analysis, older age (per year; adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.059) was associated with an adverse outcome, whereas a higher GCS (per point; aOR, 0.826) and presence of fever upon admission (aOR, 0.142) increase the chance of a good recovery. Conclusions: Patients with acute bacterial meningitis admitted to ICU had substantial morbidity and mortality. Those with low GCS or absence of fever have a particularly high risk of an adverse outcome. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Potential drug-drug and drug-condition interactions among fibromyalgia patients initiating pregabalin or duloxetine: Prevalence and health care expenditure impact$$$ Objective: To quantify the prevalence of potential drug-drug/drug-condition interactions (DDI/DCI) among fibromyalgia patients initiating pregabalin or duloxetine, and to determine the impact of potential DDI/DCI on health care expenditures. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: U.S. clinical practice, as reflected within a large administrative claims database. Subjects: Fibromyalgia patients newly initiating pregabalin or duloxetine between July 1, 2008 and October 1, 2010 (initiation date=index). Outcome Measures: Potential DDI measured using clinical software that identifies co-prescription of medications that potentially interact with pregabalin or duloxetine. Potential DCI, drawn from the contraindications and warnings and precautions sections of pregabalin and duloxetine prescribing information, measured using administrative claims-based algorithms. All-cause health care expenditures measured throughout a 6-month postindex period. Analyses included univariate, bivariate, and multivariable statistical approaches. Results: Seven thousand seven hundred fifty-one pregabalin and 7,785 duloxetine initiators were selected for study: mean age 49 years, 88% female. Only 1.4% of pregabalin initiators had ≥1 potential pregabalin DCI; none had potential pregabalin DDI. In contrast, 67% of duloxetine initiators had potential duloxetine DDI/DCI, driven mostly by potential duloxetine DDI (62% of duloxetine initiators). Compared between pregabalin and duloxetine initiators, differences in the prevalence of potential DDI/DCI were statistically significant (P<0.001). Multivariable analyses indicated that, among duloxetine initiators, those with potential duloxetine DDI/DCI had postinitiation health care expenditures that were $670 higher (P<0.001) than those without potential duloxetine DDI/DCI. Among pregabalin initiators, potential pregabalin DDI/DCI were not associated with health care expenditures. Conclusions: Among fibromyalgia patients initiating pregabalin or duloxetine, potential duloxetine DDI could be highly prevalent. Among duloxetine initiators, potential duloxetine DDI/DCI were significantly associated with increased health care expenditures. © 2014 American Academy of Pain Medicine. ER  - 
Psychiatric and medical comorbidities: Results from a bipolar elderly cohort study$$$ Objective Bipolar disorder is associated with concurrent mental and physical disorders. Although well studied among younger adults, less is known about concurrent morbidity among older patients. This is important because comorbidity may increase with age and optimal treatment requires awareness of medical and psychiatric comorbidities. This study analyzed psychiatric and medical comorbidity in a Dutch bipolar elderly cohort. Methods This cross-sectional descriptive study included demographic and clinical data on 101 bipolar patients aged 60 and over (mean age: 68.9 ± 7.8 years); 53.4% were women. Psychiatric diagnoses were confirmed by semistructured diagnostic interviews. Somatic history, including current somatic complaints, was obtained by interview. Medication and indicators of metabolic syndrome were obtained via record review. Results Most patients received outpatient care. Bipolar I disorder was diagnosed in 56.4% of patients, and 75.6% had an onset of first affective symptoms before age 50. The prevalence rates of psychiatric comorbidities were low, except for lifetime alcohol dependence (24.8%) and abuse (13.9%). On average, there were 1.7 (SD: 1.6) medical comorbid conditions, predominantly hypertension (27.8%), arthrosis (29.1%), and allergies (25.6%). Polypharmacy was found in 31.7% of patients and metabolic syndrome in 28.7%. Conclusion Psychiatric comorbidity (especially anxiety disorders) was relatively uncommon, except for substance use disorder. Geriatric bipolar patients had on average two comorbid medical conditions and relatively high medication use. Findings underline the need to assess for comorbid conditions in bipolar elders, thereby enabling tailored treatment to optimize the general condition of these patients. ER  - 
Mapping the expanded often inappropriate use of the Framingham Risk Score in the medical literature$$$ Objectives To systematically evaluate the use of Framingham Risk Score (FRS) in the medical literature and specifically examine the use of FRS in different populations and settings and for different outcomes than the ones originally developed for. Study Design and Setting We identified all the citations to the article by Wilson et al. (1998), in which FRS was originally described through ISI Web of Science until April 2011. We selected studies that stated in their abstract that they calculated or used the FRS for any reason and extracted information on publication date, population studied, outcome, or disease risk factor with which FRS was associated and study design. Results We identified 375 eligible articles corresponding to 471 analyses using the FRS in cohort (n = 141), case-control (n = 16), or cross-sectional (n = 314) settings. Only a minority of the cohort studies had as a primary aim to externally validate the FRS (n = 45). The studied population was different (from general or healthy) in 35 (25%) and 133 (42%) of the cohort and cross-sectional analyses, respectively. All case-control studies examined healthy controls. The studied outcome was different (from coronary heart disease) in 79 (56%) of the cohort analyses and 10 (63%) of the case-control studies. Overall, only 46 (33%) of the 141 cohort analyses examined the same outcome and population as FRS was originally developed for. Conclusion A large number of studies use FRS in populations and for outcomes other than the ones it has been developed for and therefore for which its performance is unknown and nonvalidated. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Efficacy of 400 mg efavirenz versus standard 600 mg dose in HIV-infected, antiretroviral-naive adults (ENCORE1): A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, non-inferiority trial$$$ Background: The optimum dose of key antiretroviral drugs is often overlooked during product development. The ENCORE1 study compared the efficacy and safety of reduced dose efavirenz with standard dose efavirenz in combination with tenofovir and emtricitabine as first-line treatment for HIV infection. An effective and safe reduced dose could yield meaningful cost savings. Methods: ENCORE1 is a continuing non-inferiority trial in HIV-1-infected antiretroviral-naive adults in 38 clinical sites in 13 countries. Participants (plasma HIV-RNA >1000 log10 copies per mL, CD4 T-cell count 50-500 cells per μL) were randomly assigned by a computer-generated sequence with a blocking factor of four (stratified by clinical site and by screening viral load) to receive tenofovir plus emtricitabine with either a reduced daily dose (400 mg) or a standard dose (600 mg) of efavirenz. Participants, physicians, and all other trial staffwere masked to treatment group. The primary endpoint was the difference in proportions of participants with plasma HIV-RNA of less than 200 copies per mL at 48 weeks. Treatment groups were regarded as non-inferior if the lower limit of the 95% CI for the difference in viral load was less than-10% by modified intention-to-treat analysis. Adverse events were summarised by treatment. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01011413. Findings: The modified intention-to-treat analysis consisted of 630 patients (efavirenz 400=321; efavirenz 600=309). 32% were women; 37% were African, 33% were Asian, and 30% were white. The mean baseline CD4 cell count was 273 cells per μL (SD 99) and median plasma HIV-RNA was 4.75 log 10 copies per mL (IQR 0.88). The proportion of participants with a viral load below 200 copies per mL at week 48 was 94.1% for efavirenz 400 mg and 92.2% for 600 mg (difference 1.85%, 95% CI-2.1 to 5.79). CD4 T-cell counts at week 48 were significantly higher for the 400 mg group than for the 600 mg group (mean difference 25 cells per μL, 95% CI 6-44; p=0.01). We recorded no difference in grade or number of patients reporting adverse events (efavirenz 400=89.1%, efavirenz 600=88.4%; difference 0.75%, 95% CI-4.19 to 5.69; p=0.77). Study drug-related adverse events were significantly more frequent in the 600 mg group than in the 400 mg group (146% [47] vs 118 [37]), difference-10.5%, 95% CI-18.2 to-2.8; p=0.01) and significantly fewer patients with these events stopped treatment (400 mg=6 [2%], 600 mg=18 [6%], difference-3.96%, 95% CI-6.96 to -0.95; p=0.01). Interpretation: Our findings suggest that a reduced dose of 400 mg efavirenz is non-inferior to the standard dose of 600 mg, when combined with tenofovir and emtricitabine during 48 weeks in ART-naive adults with HIV-1 infection. Adverse events related to the study drug were more frequent with 600 mg efavirenz than with 400 mg. Lower dose efavirenz should be recommended as part of routine care. ER  - 
Subacute encephalopathy with seizures in alcoholics (SESA syndrome) revisited$$$ Purpose The aim of this paper is to describe two additional cases of subacute encephalopathy with seizures in alcoholics (SESA syndrome), and to propose that this entity now should be considered as a subtype of nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE). Methods We retrospectively analyzed the clinical characteristics, electroencephalography (EEG), neuroimaging data, and prognosis of these two further cases of SESA syndrome. In addition, we compare our findings with the cases previously described in the English literature in order to propose new diagnostic criteria. Results Two adults with history of chronic alcohol abuse were admitted because of confusion and seizures. A routine EEG showed frequent periodic lateralized epileptiform discharges (PLEDs) localized over the right temporal regions. In one case, we captured two complex partial seizures (CPSs) arising from the right hemisphere. Neuroimaging studies revealed subjacent chronic vascular pathology. Following transfer to the intensive care unit (ICU), both improved to antiepileptic treatment and were discharged with full recovery. Conclusion On the basis of our findings and a review of the literature, we suggest that SESA syndrome represents a subtype of partial or localization-related NCSE given its particular clinical, electroencephalographic, neuroimaging and prognostic characteristics. © 2014 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Clinical, demographic, and pharmacologic features of nursing home residents with Huntington's disease$$$ Background: The purpose of this descriptive, retrospective analysis was to develop a demographic and clinical profile of nursing home residents with a diagnosis of Huntington's disease (HD). Methods: Queries were made of a large data repository of linked and de-identified Minimum Data Set version 3.0 and prescription claims records, for the time period of October 1, 2010 through March 31,2012. Results: Of 249,811 residents, 340 (0.14%) had a diagnosis of HD; 61% were female and 77.9% were Caucasian. The age range mode was 55-59 years (15%). Approximately one-half of the residents with HD exhibited communication difficulties, 78% had moderate or severe cognitive impairment, and most have significant functional limitations. Depression, dementia, anxiety, psychosis, and bipolar disease were present in 59.4%, 50.9%, 35.9%, and 23.2%, and 9.7%, respectively. Only 21% of residents with HD exhibited troublesome behavioral symptoms. Comorbidities of diabetes and cancer were uncommon (0.3%). Use of physical restraints (excluding bed rails) was considerably higher in residents with HD than in the general nursing home population. Falls were documented in almost one-half of residents. Antipsychotics were used in 61.6% of residents; 16.2% had psychotic symptoms. One was treated with tetrabenazine. Anxiolytics were received by 59.1% of residents, whereas only 35.9% had anxiety noted on Minimum Data Set records. Conclusions: The prevalence of HD in US nursing homes is very low (0.14%). Affected residents have significant cognitive and functional impairments, but problematic behaviors are present in only a minority. Serious comorbidities such as cancer and diabetes are rare. Antipsychotics, antidepressants, and anxiolytics are the mainstays of treatment. © 2014 American Medical Directors Association, Inc. ER  - 
Anxiety and epilepsy: What neurologists and epileptologists should know$$$ Although there has been increasing recognition of psychiatric comorbidity in epilepsy, most research and attention in this area has focused on depression. However, comorbid anxiety in epilepsy is highly prevalent, affecting more than 40% of patients in some reports. Many important outcomes are significantly impacted by anxiety in epilepsy, including quality of life, mortality, and seizure status. Recent evidence from epidemiologic studies suggests a bidirectional association of anxiety and epilepsy, and there is mounting evidence for possible common pathophysiology underlying anxiety and epilepsy. Despite this importance, anxiety is under-recognized and undertreated in clinical practice. A variety of anxiety symptoms are seen in epilepsy, including symptoms exclusively before, during or after seizures (peri-ictal anxiety), symptoms resembling primary anxiety disorders, and anxiety directly related to epilepsy or its treatment. Key therapeutic approaches include pharmacotherapy or cognitive behavioral therapy for most forms of interictal anxiety and better seizure control for peri-ictal anxiety. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2014. ER  - 
Maternal hepatitis B and hepatitis C infection and neonatal neurological outcomes$$$ To examine the associations between maternal hepatitis B (HBV) and hepatitis C (HCV) infection status and selected infant neurological outcomes diagnosed at birth, we conducted a population-based, retrospective cohort study on singleton live births in Florida from 1998 to 2009. Primary exposures included maternal HBV and HCV monoinfection. The neurological outcomes included brachial plexus injury, cephalhematoma, foetal distress, feeding difficulties, intraventricular h aemorrhage and neonatal seizures. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to generate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) that were adjusted for socio-demographic characteristics, risky behaviours, pregnancy complications and pre-existing medical conditions, and timing of delivery. The risk of an adverse neurological outcome was higher in infants born to mothers with hepatitis viral infection (7.2% for HCV, 5.0% for HBV), compared with infants of hepatitis virus-free mothers (4.2%). After adjusting for potential confounders, women with HBV were twice as likely to have infants who suffered from brachial plexus injury (OR = 2.04, 95% CI = 1.15-3.60), while those with HCV had an elevated odds of having an infant with feeding difficulties (OR: 1.32, 95% CI = 1.06-1.64) and a borderline increased likelihood for neonatal seizures (OR = 1.74, 95% CI = 0.98-3.10). Additionally, HCV+ mothers had a 22% increased odds of having an infant with some type of adverse neurological outcome (OR: 1.22, 95% CI = 1.03-1.44). Our findings add to current understanding of the association between maternal HBV/HCV infections and infant neurological outcomes. Further research evaluating the role of maternal HBV and HCV infections (including viraemia, treatment) on pregnancy outcomes is warranted. ER  - 
Concomitant administration of live attenuated Japanese encephalitis chimeric virus vaccine (JE-CV) and measles, mumps, rubella (MMR) vaccine: Randomized study in toddlers in Taiwan$$$ Background: Japanese encephalitis (JE) is the most important cause of viral encephalitis in Asia. Methods: In this randomized, open-label, multicenter trial in 550 children aged 12 to 18 months in Taiwan, children received one dose of JE-CV and one dose of MMR vaccine. Vaccines were either administered separately 6 weeks apart (Groups 'JE-CV' and 'MMR', named after which vaccine was given first), or concomitantly (Group 'Co-Ad'). JE neutralizing antibody titers were assessed using PRNT<inf>50</inf>. MMR antibody levels were determined by ELISA. Results: All groups had low seroprotection/seropositivity rates (<10%) before vaccination for all antigens. Forty two days after vaccination, on either Study Day 42 or 84, seroconversion rates for all antigens were high in all groups, irrespective of the order of vaccinations. Seroconversion for JE ranged from 96.9% in Group Co-Ad on D42 to 100% in Group MMR. Non-inferiority was demonstrated for all analyses as the lower bound of the 95% CI of the difference in seroconversion rates between groups was above the pre-defined limit of -10.0%. The immune responses remained high for all antigens and well above the level of protection 12 months after vaccination in all groups. There were no safety concerns. Conclusions: JE-CV is safe and induces a strong protective immune response which persists over 1 year when co-administered with MMR vaccine. ER  - 
Once-daily dolutegravir versus darunavir plus ritonavir in antiretroviral-naive adults with HIV-1 infection (FLAMINGO): 48 week results from the randomised open-label phase 3b study$$$ Background Dolutegravir has been shown to be non-inferior to an integrase inhibitor and superior to a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI). In FLAMINGO, we compared dolutegravir with darunavir plus ritonavir in individuals naive for antiretroviral therapy. Methods In this multicentre, open-label, phase 3b, non-inferiority study, HIV-1-infected antiretroviral therapy-naive adults with HIV-1 RNA concentration of 1000 copies per mL or more and no resistance at screening were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive either dolutegravir 50 mg once daily or darunavir 800 mg plus ritonavir 100 mg once daily, with investigator-selected tenofovir.emtricitabine or abacavir.lamivudine. Randomisation was stratifi ed by screening HIV-1 RNA (.100 000 or >100 000 copies per mL) and nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) selection. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with HIV-1 RNA concentration lower than 50 copies per mL (Food and Drug Administration [FDA] snapshot algorithm) at week 48 with a 12% non-inferiority margin. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01449929. Findings Recruitment began on Oct 31, 2011, and was completed on May 24, 2012, in 64 research centres in nine countries worldwide. Of 595 patients screened, 484 patients were included in the analysis (242 in each group). At week 48, 217 (90%) patients receiving dolutegravir and 200 (83%) patients receiving darunavir plus ritonavir had HIV-1 RNA of less than 50 copies per mL (adjusted diff erence 7E1%, 95% CI 0E9.13E2), non-inferiority and on pre-specifi ed secondary analysis dolutegravir was superior (p=0E025). Confi rmed virological failure occurred in two (<1%) patients in each group; we recorded no treatment-emergent resistance in either group. Discontinuation due to adverse events or stopping criteria was less frequent for dolutegravir (four [2%] patients) than for darunavir plus ritonavir (ten [4%] patients) and contributed to the diff erence in response rates. The most commonly reported (.10%) adverse events were diarrhoea (dolutegravir 41 [17%] patients vs darunavir plus ritonavir 70 [29%] patients), nausea (39 [16%] vs 43 [18%]), and headache (37 [15%] vs 24 [10%]). Patients receiving dolutegravir had signifi cantly fewer low-density lipoprotein values of grade 2 or higher (11 [2%] vs 36 [7%]; p=0E0001). Interpretation Once-daily dolutegravir was superior to once-daily darunavir plus ritonavir. Once-daily dolutegravir in combination with fixed-dose NRTIs represents an effective new treatment option for HIV-1-infected, treatment-naive patients. Funding ViiV Healthcare and Shionogi & Co. © Chataway et al. Open Access article distributed under the terms of CC BY. ER  - 
Role of birthplace in chronic disease in adults and very old individuals: National cohorts in the UK and USA, 2009-2010$$$ Objectives: To understand the role of birthplace in chronic disease in adults and very old individuals. Study design: Two national and population-based studies (UK Longitudinal Household Survey and US National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys) in 2009-2010 were included. Method: Information on demographics, lifestyle factors and self-reported chronic diseases was obtained by household interview. Analyses included Chi-squared test, t-test and logistic regression modelling. Results: In the UK, there were more cases of heart failure and myocardial infarction in adults (aged 20-79 years) born in Scotland, and more cases of coronary heart disease in adults born in Northern Ireland. There were fewer cases of asthma, depression and hypothyroidism in adults born in Northern Ireland and not born in the UK, and fewer cases of cancer, chronic bronchitis and epilepsy in adults not born in the UK. In USA, there were fewer cases of asthma, cancer, chronic bronchitis, heart failure and heart attack, but more cases of liver disease in adults born in Mexico. Similarly, there were fewer cases of asthma, cancer and chronic bronchitis in adults born in other Spanish or non-Spanish countries, although there were more cases of liver disease in other Spanish-born adults and more cases of diabetes in other non-Spanish-born adults. In very old (≥80 years) individuals, there were more cases of chronic bronchitis in those born in Wales, more cases of myocardial infarction in those born in Northern Ireland, and more cases of diabetes and liver disease in those not born in the UK. Overall, diabetes was more common in foreign-born adults, and respiratory illness and cancer were more common in native-born adults. Conclusions: It is suggested that future health policy and public health programmes should consider birthplace. © 2013 The Royal Society for Public Health. ER  - 
Enzalutamide monotherapy in hormone-naive prostate cancer: Primary analysis of an open-label, single-arm, phase 2 study$$$ Background: The androgen receptor inhibitor enzalutamide is approved for the treatment of metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer that has progressed on docetaxel. Our aim was to assess the activity and safety of enzalutamide monotherapy in men with hormone-naive prostate cancer. Methods: This trial is an ongoing open-label, single-arm, phase 2 study, done across 12 European sites. Men aged over 18 years, with hormone-naive prostate cancer for whom hormone therapy was indicated, and who had non-castration levels of testosterone and prostate-specific antigen (PSA) of 2 ng/mL or greater at screening, and an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group score of 0, received oral enzalutamide 160 mg/day. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients with an 80% or greater decline in PSA at week 25. All analyses included all patients who had received at least one dose of the study drug. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01302041. Findings: 67 men were enrolled into the study. 62 patients (92·5%, 95% CI 86·2-98·8) had a decline in PSA of 80% or greater at week 25. The most commonly reported treatment-emergent adverse events up to week 25 were gynaecomastia (n=24), fatigue (n=23), nipple pain (n=13), and hot flush (n=12), all of which were of mild to moderate severity. Nine patients had a treatment-emergent adverse event of grade 3 or higher, most of which were reported in one patient each, except for pneumonia (grade 3, two patients) and hypertension (grade 3, four patients). Five patients reported serious adverse events, none of which were deemed to be treatment related. Interpretation: Our findings suggest that enzalutamide monotherapy in men with hormone-naive prostate cancer of varying severity provides a level of disease suppression, and was generally well tolerated. These findings provide a rationale for further investigation of clinical response and outcomes with enzalutamide in non-castrate men with prostate cancer. Funding: Astellas Pharma Inc, Medivation Inc. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Identification of candidate single-nucleotide polymorphisms in NRXN1 related to antipsychotic treatment response in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Neurexins are presynaptic neuronal adhesion molecules that interact with postsynaptic neuroligins to form an inter-synaptic complex required for synaptic specification and efficient neurotransmission. Deletions and point mutations in the neurexin 1 (NRXN1) gene are associated with a broad spectrum of neuropsychiatric and neurodevelopmental disorders, including autism, intellectual disability, epilepsy, developmental delay, and schizophrenia. Recently, small nucleotide polymorphisms in NRXN1 have been associated with antipsychotic drug response in patients with schizophrenia. Based on previous suggestive evidence of an impact on clozapine response in patients with schizophrenia, we conducted an association study of NRXN1 polymorphisms (rs12467557 and rs10490162) with antipsychotic treatment response in 54 patients with schizophrenia in a double blind, placebo-controlled NIMH inpatient crossover trial and examined for association with risk for schizophrenia in independent case-control and family-based clinical cohorts. Pharmacogenetic analysis in the placebo controlled trial revealed significant association of rs12467557and rs10490162 with drug response, whereby individuals homozygous for the A allele, at either SNP, showed significant improvement in positive symptoms, general psychopathology, thought disturbance, and negative symptoms, whereas patients carrying the G allele showed no overall response. Although we did not find evidence of the same NRXN1 SNPs being associated with results of the NIMH sponsored CATIE trial, other SNPs showed weakly positive signals. The family and case-control analyses for schizophrenia risk were negative. Our results provide confirmatory evidence of genetically determined differences in drug response in patients with schizophrenia related to NRXN1 variation. Furthermore, these findings potentially implicate NRXN1 in the therapeutic actions of antipsychotic drugs. © 2014 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term follow-up in children with benign convulsions associated with gastroenteritis$$$ Background The outcome of benign convulsions associated with gastroenteritis (CwG) has generally been reported as being excellent. However, these data need to be confirmed in studies with longer follow-up evaluations. Aim To assess the long-term neurological outcome of a large sample of children presenting with CwG. Methods We reviewed clinical features of 81 subjects presenting with CwG (1994-2010) from three different Italian centers with a follow-up period of at least 3 years. Results Follow-up period ranged from 39 months to 15 years (mean 9.8 years). Neurological examination and cognitive level at the last evaluation were normal in all the patients. A mild attention deficit was detected in three cases (3.7%). Fourteen children (17.3%) received chronic anti-epileptic therapy. Interictal EEG abnormalities detected at onset in 20 patients (24.7%) reverted to normal. Transient EEG epileptiform abnormalities were detected in other three cases (3.7%), and a transient photosensitivity in one (1.2%). No recurrence of CwG was observed. Three patients (3.7%) presented with a febrile seizure and two (2.5%) with an unprovoked seizure, but none developed epilepsy. Conclusions The long-term evaluation of children with CwG confirms the excellent prognosis of this condition, with normal psychomotor development and low risk of relapse and of subsequent epilepsy. © 2014 European Paediatric Neurology Society. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The long-term effect of vagus nerve stimulation on quality of life in patients with pharmacoresistant focal epilepsy: The PuLsE (Open Prospective Randomized Long-term Effectiveness) trial$$$ Objective To evaluate whether vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) as adjunct to best medical practice (VNS + BMP) is superior to BMP alone in improving long-term health-related quality of life (HRQoL). Methods PuLsE (Open Prospective Randomized Long-term Effectiveness) was a prospective, randomized, parallel-group, open-label, and long-term effectiveness study (conducted at 28 sites in Europe and Canada). Adults with pharmacoresistant focal seizures (n = 112) received VNS + BMP or BMP (1:1 ratio). Medications and VNS parameters could be adjusted as clinically indicated for optimal seizure control while minimizing adverse effects. Primary endpoint was mean change from baseline HRQoL (using Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-89 total score; QOLIE-89). Secondary endpoints included changes in seizure frequency, responder rate (≥50% decrease in seizure frequency), Centre for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale (CES-D), Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory-Epilepsy scale (NDDI-E), Clinical Global Impression-Improvement scale (CGI-I), Adverse Event Profile (AEP), and antiepileptic drug (AED) load. The study was prematurely terminated due to recruitment difficulties prior to completing the planned enrollment of n = 362. Results for n = 96 who had baseline and at least one follow-up QOLIE-89 assessment (from months 3-12) were included in this analysis. Mixed model repeated measures (MMRM) analysis of variance was performed on change from baseline for the primary and secondary endpoints. Results Significant between-group differences in favor of VNS + BMP were observed regarding improvement in HRQoL, seizure frequency, and CGI-I score (respective p-values < 0.05, 0.03, and 0.01). More patients in the VNS + BMP group (43%) reported adverse events (AEs) versus BMP group (21%) (p = 0.01), a difference reflecting primarily mostly transient AEs related to VNS implantation or stimulation. No significant difference between treatment groups was observed for changes in CES-D, NDDI-E, AEP, and AED load. Significance VNS therapy as a treatment adjunct to BMP in patients with pharmacoresistant focal seizures was associated with a significant improvement in HRQoL compared with BMP alone. A PowerPoint slide summarizing this article is available for download in the Supporting Information section here. © 2014 The Authors Epilepsia published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Paraneoplastic anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis: Have you checked the ovaries?$$$ Anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis is an autoimmune disorder that can occur as a paraneoplastic phenomenon related to ovarian teratomas. It is a serious but reversible condition with improved outcomes following prompt tumor removal. We report two cases from our recent experience. In the first case a small poorly described lesion, confirmed as a teratoma only at histology, was managed by laparoscopic oopohorectomy. In the second case a large teratoma was managed by laparoscopic cystectomy. Postoperatively both women made a good recovery. Gynecologists may be called upon to perform ovarian surgery outside of normal surgical indications, in young women who will often lack capacity to consent. Fertility-sparing ovarian cystectomy is possible in some cases, but will be challenging for small deeply buried tumors. Blind bilateral oophorectomy has been performed successfully in extreme cases. Information of the benefit of ovarian surgery will be essential to the surgeon during preoperative counseling. © 2014 Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology. ER  - 
Utility of different seizure induction protocols in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Psychogenic non epileptic seizure (PNES) can be induced by several induction tests but their relative usefulness has not been evaluated. In this study, we report the sensitivity and specificity of various induction tests in the diagnosis of PNES and assess their discomfort level. The induction tests were: (a) compression of temple region (CTR), (b) verbal suggestion (VS), (c) tuning fork application (TFA), (d) moist swab application (MSA), (e) torch light stimulation (TLS) and (f) saline injection (SI). Up to 3 trials were done for each test except for normal saline injection which was given once. For comparison of these tests, patients with epileptic seizures were included as controls. The time to precipitate PNES was recorded and patients' discomfort levels were noted on a 0-10 scale. Video EEG was recorded in the PNES patients. 140 patients with PNES and 50 controls with epileptic seizures were included. The diagnostic yield of CTR was 65.7%, TFA 61.4%, MSA 60.7%, SI 55.6%, VS 54.3% and TLS 40.7%. These tests did not induce seizures in the controls. All these tests had 100% specificity and 100% positive predictive value in the diagnosis of PNES. The maximum discomfort was reported with SI and minimum with MSA. The similarity of efficacy and discomfort with CTR and TFA appear to be the most optimal induction techniques when compared with VS, AMS, TLS, and SI. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Clobazam: Effect on frequency of seizures and safety profile in different subgroups of children with epilepsy$$$ BACKGROUND: Clobazam has been used in clinical practice as an adjunctive treatment for diverse seizure types and epilepsy syndromes. We evaluated the efficacy and safety of clobazam in a large sample of patients with refractory epilepsy at a tertiary pediatric center. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed patients treated with clobazam between January 2001 and July 2013 who had a follow-up visit at least one month after starting clobazam. Response was defined as ≥50% reduction in seizure frequency compared with baseline seizure frequency during the 3 months before the introduction of clobazam. We examined the relationship between dose range and response rate. RESULTS: Four-hundred twenty-five patients were prescribed clobazam, of whom 300 (median age 9.1 years, interquartile range 4.7-13.3 years) had follow-up data greater than 1 month. Median follow-up was 5 months (interquartile range 3-11 months). Response to treatment with clobazam was observed in 203 of 300 (67.7%) patients, of whom 84 (28%) became seizure-free. The median starting dose was 0.2 (interquartile range 0.13-0.33) mg/kg/day with a target dose of 0.48 (0.26-0.80) mg/kg/day. Twenty-seven (9%) patients discontinued clobazam, 16 (59.3%) because adverse effects, 10 (37%) because of a lack of efficacy, and one (3.7%) because of a combination of adverse effects and lack of efficacy. The most common adverse effects were tiredness in 44 of 300 (14.6%) and mood or behavioral changes in 23 (7.7%). CONCLUSIONS: Clobazam is a well-tolerated antiepileptic drug with good response rates in pediatric patients with refractory epilepsy. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prevalence and epidemiology of diabetes in Canadian primary care practices: A report from the canadian primary care sentinel surveillance network$$$ Objective: The Canadian Primary Care Sentinel Surveillance Network (CPCSSN) is a large, validated national primary care Electronic Medical Records (EMR)-based database. Our objective was to describe the epidemiology of diabetes in this Canadian sample. Methods: We analyzed the records of 272 469 patients10 years of age and older, with at least 1 primary care clinical encounter between January 1, 2011, and December 31, 2012. We calculated the age-gender standardized prevalence of diabetes. We compared health care utilization and comorbidities for 7 selected chronic conditions in patients with and without diabetes. We also examined patterns of medication usage. Results: The estimated population prevalence of diabetes was 7.6%. Specifically, we studied 25 425 people with diabetes who had at least 1 primary care encounter in 2 years. On average, patients with diabetes had 1.42 times as many practice encounters as patients without diabetes (95% CI 1.42 to 1.43, p<0.0001). Patients with diabetes had 1.29 times as many other comorbid conditions as those without diabetes (95% CI 1.27 to 1.31, p<0.0001). We found that 85.2% of patients taking hypoglycemic medications were taking metformin, and 51.8% were taking 2 or more classes of medications. Conclusions: This study is the first national Canadian report describing the epidemiology of diabetes using primary care EMR-based data. We found significantly higher rates of primary care use, and greater numbers of comorbidities in patients with diabetes. Most patients were on first-line hypoglycemic medications. Data routinely recorded in EMRs can be used for surveillance of chronic diseases such as diabetes in Canada. These results can enable comparisons with other national EMR-based datasets. © 2014 Canadian Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Changing clinical patterns and increasing prevalence in CADASIL$$$ Objectives: CADASIL is a monogenic small vessel vasculopathy causing recurrent stroke. Early descriptions suggested dementia and disability were common from the 5th decade but there is evidence of marked phenotypic variability. We investigated the prevalence and clinical features of CADASIL in the west of Scotland. Methods: We undertook a retrospective review of clinical records of patients with confirmed CADASIL identified through a specialist clinic. Patients were divided to examine the effect of date of diagnosis on clinical outcomes and the characteristics at different ages. The location of pedigree members was used to estimate prevalence. Results: Twenty-one different CADASIL-causing NOTCH3 mutations were identified in 49 pedigrees (61% in exon 4). Disease prevalence in Glasgow was 4.6/100,000 adults. Mutation prevalence was estimated at 10.7/100,000 population. Median age at first stroke in women (57 years) was higher than previous estimates, and stroke age in men was higher in patients diagnosed more recently (pre 2006 46 years, post 2006 56 years, P = 0.034). In patients over 58 years of age, 13/34 (38%) were living independently and 17/28 (61%) were mobile without aids when last seen. Conclusions: CADASIL prevalence is at least 4.6 per 100,000 adults. Median age of first stroke may be older than previously thought. Clinicians should consider CADASIL in the differential diagnosis even in older patients with stroke. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Meta-analysis of the association between N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antibodies and schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder$$$ Background: N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) antibodies have been documented in the serum of individuals with primary psychiatric disorders from several independent cohorts, but these findings have not been systematically assessed in aggregate or in relation to methodological covariates. Methods: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and PsycINFO for studies in any language that provided data on NMDAR antibody seropositivity or absolute serum titers in schizophrenia or schizoaffective, bipolar, or major depressive disorders. We used a random effects model to pool estimates across studies. Results: Nine studies met the eligibility criteria. Five studies (3387 participants) provided data on NMDAR antibody seropositivity in psychiatric versus control groups based on high-specificity seropositivity thresholds (cell-based assays [CBAs]: 1:320 dilution, 1:200 dilution, visual score>1; enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay [ELISA]: 90th percentile of control titers). Meta-analysis showed significantly higher odds of NMDAR antibody seropositivity among those with schizophrenia or schizoaffective, bipolar, or major depressive disorders compared with healthy controls (odds ratio [OR], 3.10; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.04-9.27; P= .043; I2=68%). Four studies (3194 participants) provided outcome data for these groups based on low-specificity seropositivity thresholds (CBAs 1:10 dilution; ELISA: 75th percentile of control titers). Meta-analysis showed greater heterogeneity and no significant between-group difference (OR, 2.31; 95% CI, 0.55-9.73; P= .25; I2=90%). Seropositive participants in psychiatric groups had various combinations of IgG, IgM, and IgA class antibodies against NR1, NR1/NR2B, and NR2A/NR2B subunits. Subgroup analysis revealed significantly higher odds of seropositivity among all participants based on 1:10 versus 1:320 dilution seropositivity thresholds (OR, 4.56; 95% CI, 2.41-8.62; P<.001; I2=0%; studies=2, n=2920), but no apparent difference between first-episode and chronic schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder (OR, 1.15; 95% CI, 0.19-7.24; P= .88, I2=43%, studies=2, n=1108). Average NR2A/NR2B antibody titers determined by ELISA were significantly higher among participants with first-episode schizophrenia (P<.0001) and acute mania (P<.01) compared with healthy controls. Levels decreased by 58% at 8weeks in first-episode schizophrenia, and by about 13% at 4days in acute mania. Conclusions: Individuals with schizophrenia or schizoaffective, bipolar, or major depressive disorders are collectively about three times more likely to have elevated NMDAR antibody titers compared with healthy controls based on high-specificity, but not low-specificity, seropositivity thresholds, though considerable methodological and statistical heterogeneity exists. Evidence concerning the effect of disease state and time of serum acquisition is varied and consistent, respectively. Adequately powered longitudinal studies employing standardized assay methods and seropositivity threshold definitions, and quantifying NMDAR antibodies in both sera and cerebrospinal fluid are needed to further elucidate the clinical and pathophysiological implications of this association. © 2014 The Authors. ER  - 
Long-term safety and efficacy of eslicarbazepine acetate in patients with focal seizures: Results of the 1-year ESLIBASE retrospective study$$$ Background: Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is a new antiepileptic drug (AED) licensed as adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset or focal seizures. Objective: To evaluate in a clinical practice setting the long-term efficacy and safety of ESL in patients with focal seizures. Methods: ESLIBASE was a retrospective study that included all patients with focal seizures who started ESL between January 2010 and July 2012 at 12 hospitals. ESL was prescribed individually according to real-life practice. Efficacy and safety were evaluated over 1 year. Switching from carbamazepine (CBZ) and oxcarbazepine (OXC) was assessed. Results: Three hundred and twenty-seven patients were included; 78% of patients were taking ≥2 other AEDs at baseline. Most (87%) began ESL because of poor seizure control and13% because of adverse events (AEs) with CBZ or OXC. After 1 year, 237 patients (72.4%) remained on ESL. At 3, 6 and 12 months, the responder rate was 46.3%, 57.9%, and 52.5%, and 21.0%, 28.0%, and 25.3% of patients were seizure free. The responder rate significantly increased when ESL was combined with a non-sodium channel-targeting drug (non-SC drug) (66.7%) versus an SC drug (47.7%; p< 0.001). At 12 months, 40.7% of patients had ≥1 AE; AEs led to treatment discontinuation in 16.2%. Dizziness, nausea, and somnolence were the most common AEs. The tolerability profile improved in >50% of the patients who switched from CBZ or OXC to ESL because of AEs. Conclusions: ESL was well tolerated and effective in a real-world setting over 1 year. Side-effect profile improved when OXC and CBZ recipients were switched to ESL. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Quantitative analysis of surface electromyography during epileptic and nonepileptic convulsive seizures$$$ Objective To investigate the characteristics of sustained muscle activation during convulsive epileptic and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES), as compared to voluntary muscle activation. The main goal was to find surface electromyography (EMG) features that can distinguish between convulsive epileptic seizures and convulsive PNES. Methods In this case-control study, surface EMG was recorded from the deltoid muscles during long-term video-electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring in 25 patients and in 21 healthy controls. A total of 46 clinical episodes were recorded: 28 generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) from 14 patients with epilepsy, and 18 convulsive PNES from 12 patients (one patient had both GTCS and PNES). The healthy controls were simulating GTCS. To quantitatively characterize the signals we calculated the following parameters: root mean square (RMS) of the amplitude, median frequency (MF), coherence, and duration of the seizures, of the clonic EMG discharges, and of the silent periods between the cloni. Based on wavelet analysis, we distinguished between a low-frequency component (LF 2-8 Hz) and a high-frequency component (HF 64-256 Hz). Results Duration of the seizure, and separation between the tonic and the clonic phases distinguished at group-level but not at individual level between convulsive PNES and GTCS. RMS, temporal dynamics of the HF/LF ratio, and the evolution of the silent periods differentiated between epileptic and nonepileptic convulsive seizures at the individual level. A combination between HF/LF ratio and RMS separated all PNES from the GTCS. A blinded review of the EMG features distinguished correctly between GTCS and convulsive PNES in all cases. The HF/LF ratio and the RMS of the PNES were smaller compared to the simulated seizures. Significance In addition to providing insight into the mechanism of muscle activation during convulsive PNES, these results have diagnostic significance, at the individual level. Surface EMG features can accurately distinguish convulsive epileptic from nonepileptic psychogenic seizures, even in PNES cases without rhythmic clonic movements. A PowerPoint slide summarizing this article is available for download in the Supporting Information section here. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2014 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of natalizumab in Belgian multiple sclerosis patients: Subgroup analysis of the natalizumab observational program$$$ Natalizumab (Tysabri®) is highly efficacious in controlling disease activity in relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) patients. As it is one of the more recent therapies for MS, there remains a need for long-term safety and efficacy data of natalizumab in a clinical practice setting. The Tysabri observational program (TOP) is an open-label, multicenter, multinational, prospective observational study, aiming to recruit up to 6,000 patients with relapsing-remitting MS from Europe, Canada and Australia. The objectives of this study are to collect long-term safety and efficacy data on disease activity and disability progression. We report here the interim results of the 563 patients included in TOP between December 2007 and 2012 from Belgium. This patient cohort was older at baseline, had longer disease duration, higher neurological impairment, and a higher baseline annualized relapse rate, when compared to patients included in the pivotal phase III AFFIRM trial. Nevertheless, the efficacy of natalizumab was comparable. The annualized relapse rate on treatment was reduced by 90.70 % (p < 0.0001) with a cumulative probability of relapse of 26.87 % at 24 months. The cumulative probabilities of sustained disability improvement and progression at 24 months were 25.68 and 9.01 %, respectively. There were no new safety concerns over the follow-up period. Two cases of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy were diagnosed. Our results are consistent with other observational studies in the post-marketing setting. © 2014 Belgian Neurological Society. ER  - 
Severity of manifestations in tuberous sclerosis complex in relation to genotype$$$ Objective Patients with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) commonly present with significant neurologic deficits, including seizures, autism, and intellectual disability. Previous evidence suggests that the TSC2 mutation genotype may be associated with a more severe disease phenotype. This study evaluates the association of the TSC1 and TSC2 genotype with patient and disease characteristics in a retrospective review of a large TSC Natural History Database consisting of 919 patients with TSC. Methods Univariate logistic regression was conducted to evaluate the association of the TSC1 and TSC2 gene mutations with patient and disease characteristics. Results As compared to patients with the TSC1 mutation, patients with the TSC2 mutation were younger (p = 0.02), more likely to have partial epilepsy (odds ratio (OR) 1.74, p = 0.0015), complex partial seizures (OR 2.03, p = 0.02), infantile spasms (IS) (OR 1.67, p = 0.01), subependymal giant-cell astrocytomas (SEGAs) (OR 1.64, p = 0.01), and intellectual disability (OR 2.90, p = 0.0002). Significance The clinical presentation of TSC is highly variable and not well understood. Our findings confirm and supplement existing literature that TSC2 mutation is likely to be associated with a more severe, earlier presenting TSC phenotype, including infantile spasms. A PowerPoint slide summarizing this article is available for download in the Supporting Information section here. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2014 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Assessment of pharmacokinetics and tolerability of intranasal diazepam relative to rectal gel in healthy adults$$$ Diazepam rectal gel (RG) is currently the only approved rescue therapy for outpatient management of seizure clusters in the United States. There is an unmet medical need for an alternative rescue therapy for seizure clusters that is effective, and more convenient to administer with a socially acceptable method of delivery. An intranasal diazepam formulation has been developed, and this study evaluates the tolerability and bioavailability of diazepam nasal spray (NS) relative to an equivalent dose of diazepam-RG in healthy adults. Twenty-four healthy adults were enrolled in a phase 1, open-label, 3-period crossover study. Plasma diazepam and metabolite concentrations were measured by serial sampling. Dose proportionality for 5- and 20-mg intranasal doses and the bioavailability of 20mg diazepam-NS relative to 20mg diazepam-RG were assessed by maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) and systemic exposure parameters (AUC0-∞ and AUC0-24). The mean Cmax values for 20mg diazepam-NS and 20mg diazepam-RG were 378±106 and 328±152ng/mL, achieved at 1.0 and 1.5h, respectively. Subjects administered intranasal and rectal gel formulations experienced nasal and rectal leakage, respectively. Diazepam absorption following intranasal administration was consistent but 3 subjects with diazepam-RG had low plasma drug levels at the earliest assessment of 5min, due to poor retention, and were excluded from analysis. Excluding them, the treatment ratios (20mg diazepam-NS:20mg diazepam-RG) and 90% confidence intervals for diazepam Cmax and AUC0-24 were 0.98 (0.85-1.14) and 0.89 (0.80-0.98), respectively, suggesting that the bioavailability was comparable between the two formulations. Dose proportionality was observed between the lowest and highest dose-strengths of intranasal formulation. Both intranasal and rectal treatments were well tolerated with mild to moderate adverse events. Results suggest that a single-dose of 20mg diazepam-NS is tolerable and comparable in bioavailability to that of diazepam-RG. The intranasal formulation may provide caregivers and patients with a more socially acceptable and convenient alternative rescue therapy in the acute treatment of seizure clusters. © 2014. ER  - 
Safety and effectiveness of long-term treatment with diazepam auto-injector administered by caregivers in an outpatient setting for the treatment of acute repetitive seizures$$$ Objective: Part 1 of this phase III study was a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, placebo-controlled, multicenter study of caregiver administered diazepam auto-injector (AI) in subjects with acute repetitive seizures (ARS) and demonstrated that diazepam AI was well-tolerated and significantly more effective than placebo AI in delaying the time to next seizure or rescue. Part 2 of this study, presented herein, was an openlabel continuation to assess the long-term safety and effectiveness of diazepam AI for the treatment of ARS. Methods: Of the 234 subjects randomized in part 1, 161 continued into part 2 and were provided open-label diazepam AI. Effectiveness measures were time to next seizure or rescue, number of subsequent rescues by type (rescue medication, emergency room visit, or other medical care), and number of subsequent seizures during the 12-h follow-up period. Safety data (adverse events and respirations <8/min) were also collected. Results: During the open-label part 2 study, 129 subjects were administered a total of 1,380 diazepam AI treatments (median 4.5; range 1-118), of which 1,071 (77.6%) were effective with no subsequent seizure or rescue during the 12-h follow-up period. Median number of subsequent seizures experienced by subjects was one (range 0-20). Of the 1,380 administrations, 79 (5.7%) required use of rescue medication, 18 (1.3%) required a visit to an emergency room, and 6 (0.4%) required other rescue medical care. In most (75%) of subjects with treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs), TEAEs were mild or moderate in severity. Commonly reported treatment-related TEAEs were injection-site pain (10.9%), injection-site hemorrhage (7%), and injectionsite bruising (6.3%). Although three subjects met the predefined respiratory rate threshold, none were considered clinically significant or reported as AEs. Significance: Long-term treatment with diazepam AI administered by trained caregivers in an outpatient setting to treat ARS is a safe and effective option. ER  - 
Predictors of quality of life and their interrelations in Korean people with epilepsy: A MEPSY study$$$ Purpose People with epilepsy (PWE) are more likely to have impaired quality of life (QOL) than the general population. We studied predictors of QOL and their interrelations in Korean PWE. Methods Subjects who consecutively visited outpatient clinics in four tertiary hospitals and one secondary care hospital were enrolled. These subjects completed the Korean version of the Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (K-NDDI-E), the Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7), the Quality of Life in Epilepsy-10 (QOLIE-10), and the Korean version of Liverpool Adverse Event Profile (K-LAEP). We evaluated the predictors of QOL by multiple regression analyses and verified the interrelations between the variables using a structural equation model. Results A total of 702 PWE were eligible for the study. The strongest predictor of the overall QOLIE-10 score was the K-LAEP score (β = -0.375, p < 0.001), followed by the K-NDDI-E score (β = -0.316, p < 0.001), seizure control (β = -0.152, p < 0.001), household income (β = -0.375, p < 0.001), and GAD-7 score (β = -0.119, p = 0.005). These variables explained 68.7% of the variance in the overall QOLIE-31 score. Depression and seizure control had a bidirectional relationship and exerted direct effects on QOL. These factors also exerted indirect effects on QOL by provoking adverse effects of AEDs. Anxiety did not have a direct effect on QOL; it had only indirect effect through the adverse effects of AEDs. Conclusion Depression, anxiety, seizure control, and adverse effects of AEDs have complex interrelations that determine the QOL of PWE. ER  - 
Sodium oxybate in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome: A randomized double-blind comparative study versus oxazepam. the gate 1 trial$$$ Background: Benzodiazepines (BDZs) are the gold standard in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS). Sodium oxybate (SMO) has been tested as a treatment for AWS with encouraging results. The aim of this phase IV, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, double-dummy study was to evaluate the efficacy of SMO in comparison with oxazepam in the treatment of uncomplicated AWS. Methods: Alcohol-dependent outpatients (n = 126) affected by uncomplicated AWS according to the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol-revised (CIWA-Ar) scale were enrolled in the study and randomized in two groups: 61 patients received SMO and 65 patients received oxazepam for 10 days. The primary endpoint was the reduction of symptoms of AWS measured by the change in the total CIWA-Ar score from baseline (day 1) to the end of the study (day 10). This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number: NCT02090504 Results: A significant decrease of the mean total CIWA-Ar score from baseline to the end of the study was found in both the SMO (p < 0.0001) and the oxazepam group (p < 0.0001), with no significant differences between the two treatments (p = 0.21). Treatment with SMO and oxazepam resulted in a marked decrease in the severity of the mean CIWA subscales, i.e. sweating, tremor, and anxiety, with no significant differences between the two treatments. Both drugs were well tolerated and no severe side effects were reported. Conclusion: SMO is as effective as oxazepam, one of the gold standard BDZs, in the treatment of uncomplicated AWS. Due to its tolerability and absence of significant side effects, SMO may be considered a valid alternative choice in the treatment of AWS. © 2014 Springer International Publishing Switzerland. ER  - 
A short-term, multicenter, placebo-controlled, randomized withdrawal study of a metabotropic glutamate 2/3 receptor agonist using an electronic patient-reported outcome device in patients with schizophrenia$$$ This 6-week, multicenter, randomized withdrawal, placebo-controlled trial sought to determine whether symptoms of physical dependence occur after abrupt cessation of pomaglumetad methionil (LY2140023 monohydrate), a metabotropic glutamate 2/3 receptor agonist, in patients with schizophrenia. Eligible outpatients, 18 to 65 years old who required a modification or initiation of antipsychotic medication received 4 weeks of pomaglumetad methionil during open-label treatment and then were randomized, double-blind, to continue pomaglumetad methionil or receive placebo for 2 weeks. The primary outcome compared results of the 3-day moving mean of the total score on the Discontinuation Symptom Checklist-Modified Rickels for pomaglumetad methionil-treated patients with those on placebo during the randomized withdrawal phase. An electronic patient-reported outcome (ePRO) device was used daily to record these results. During the withdrawal phase, 103 patients were randomized, and 98 patients completed the trial. There was no statistically significant evidence of withdrawal symptoms associated with placebo compared with pomaglumetad methionil continuation as measured by Discontinuation Symptom Checklist-Modified Rickels (P = 0.170). The results are supported by secondary analyses with the clinician-rated, Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment of Alcohol Scale Revised, which showed no statistically significant differences between treatment groups. Using the ePRO device, 82.5% of the patients achieved 75% to 100% of compliance. No discontinuations due to worsening of schizophrenia, serious adverse events, deaths, or seizures were reported during either phase of the study. These findings suggest that there is no evidence of withdrawal symptoms associated with the abrupt discontinuation of pomaglumetad methionil and that an ePRO device can be successfully used in a multicenter schizophrenia trial. © 2014 by Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. ER  - 
Self-harm in people with epilepsy: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Objectives: Little is known about self-harm in people with epilepsy, despite suicide being recognized as a leading cause of mortality in this population. This study aimed to investigate the characteristics of self-harm in people with epilepsy, and associated demographic and psychosocial factors. Methods: Patients presenting to hospital following self-harm between 1994 and 2008 were identified from the Oxford Monitoring System for Self-Harm. Epilepsy diagnosis was confirmed through review of medical records. Demographic features, patient, and self-harm characteristics of 132 people with epilepsy and 9,778 self-harm patients without epilepsy were compared using a regression model, adjusting for age, sex, and repetition. Patients presenting between 1998 and 2008 were followed up for all-cause mortality to the end of 2011. Results: The rate of self-harm per individual with epilepsy was 2.04 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.85-2.25) times that of the comparison group, and time between first and second self-harm events was shorter (hazard ratio 1.86; 1.46-2.38). People with epilepsy were significantly more likely to use antiepileptic medication in overdose, although overall methods of self-harm were similar in the two groups. No significant differences in suicide intent scores or the proportion of patients who died by suicide were found. Previous outpatient psychiatric treatment, longer duration of unemployment, experience of violence, and housing problems were associated with self-harm in people with epilepsy. Significance: People with epilepsy who self-harm do so more frequently than other self-harm patients. Clinicians should be aware of this and pay attention to contributory factors as these may enhance risk in this population. ER  - 
Association between HTR7 genetic polymorphisms and alcohol dependence, using the alcohol use disorders identification test (AUDIT)$$$ Background: A recent genome-wide association study has identified 5-hydroxytrytamine (serotonin) receptor 7, adenylate cyclase-coupled (HTR7) as a risk gene for alcohol dependence. In addition, the serotonergic system has been considered as a modulator that plays an important role in alcohol use disorders. Functional, pharmacological, and genetic studies of serotonin neurotransmission have revealed that serotonin receptors are potential targets for the treatment of alcohol use disorders. The aim of this study is to investigate whether associations between HTR7 genetic polymorphisms and alcohol dependence could be replicated. Methods: This study genotyped a total of 22 common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 459 alcoholic patients and 444 nonalcoholic controls. Results: Logistic regression analysis of the case-control study, controlling for age and sex as covariates, showed nominal associations of 7 SNPs (p = 0.02 to 0.04; odds ratio = 0.60 to 1.35). In further linear regression analysis based on the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test score for alcohol dependence, 8 SNPs and 3 haplotypes showed relatively significant associations with alcohol dependence (minimum p = 0.001; p<sup>corr</sup> = 0.02). Conclusions: Although further replications and functional evaluations are needed, our findings suggest that genetic variations of HTR7 may contribute to the predisposition for alcohol dependence. ER  - 
Safety and retention rate of rufinamide in 300 patients: A single pediatric epilepsy center experience$$$ Summary Objective Reports of studies evaluating rufinamide as an add-on therapy in children and adolescents with refractory epilepsy are restricted to a few publications. Prospective multicenter studies including children and adults have yielded important information about several types of epilepsies and syndromes. We evaluated the use of rufinamide in a single pediatric center with a large cohort and long-term follow-up period. Methods We retrospectively included patients taking rufinamide from November 2008 to March 2013. Response was defined by a seizure reduction of ≥50% compared to baseline. Results Three hundred patients with a median age of 9.1 years (range 0.4-29.6 years) were reviewed. Median follow-up was 9 months (range 1-37 months). Epilepsy etiology was classified as genetic (23.7%), structural/metabolic (41%), and unknown cause (35.3%). Overall, rufinamide treatment led to a median seizure frequency reduction of 59.2% from responders to baseline. Seizure reduction was greater in patients with genetic etiology compared to structural/metabolic (66.2% vs. 45.5% responders, p = 0.005). Rufinamide was discontinued in 110 (36.7%) of 300 patients: 63 (21%) due to unsatisfactory response, 47 (15.7%) due to side effects, and in 18 (6%) of those due to both. Most common adverse effects were sleepiness, vomiting, mood changes, nausea, and loss of appetite. Median time to loss of efficacy was 11.6 months (range 3-28 months). Significance Rufinamide provides satisfactory seizure reduction as an adjunctive treatment in refractory epilepsy. Results need to be interpreted in the setting of data acquisition, including inherent biases of retrospective studies. Patients with a known genetic etiology may have better responses than patients with structural/metabolic etiology. © 2014 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Enhanced steroid dosing reduces seizures during antiparasitic treatment for cysticercosis and early after$$$ Results: Thirty-two individuals were randomized into each study arm; two did not complete follow-up. From days 11 to 42, 59 partial and 6 generalized seizure days occurred in 20 individuals, nonsignificantly fewer in the enhanced arm (12 vs. 49, p = 0.114). The numbers of patients with seizures in this period showed similar nonsignificant differences. In the enhanced steroid arm there were significantly fewer days and individuals with seizures during antiparasitic treatment (days 1-10: 4 vs. 17, p = 0.004, and 1 vs. 10, p = 0.003, number needed to treat [NNT] 4.6, relative risk [RR] 0.1013, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.01-0.74) and early after dexamethasone cessation (days 11-21: 6 vs. 27, p = 0.014, and 4 vs. 12, p = 0.021, NNT 4.0, RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.12-0.92) but not after day 21. There were no significant differences in antiparasitic efficacy or relevant adverse events. Methods: Open-label randomized trial comparing 6 mg/day dexamethasone for 10 days (conventional) with 8 mg/day for 28 days followed by a 2-week taper (enhanced) in patients with NCC receiving albendazole. Follow-up included active seizure surveillance and brain imaging. Study outcomes were seizure days and patients with seizures, both measured in days 11-42. Additional analyses compared days 1-10, 11-21, 22-32, 33-42, 43-60, and 61-180. Significance: Increased dexamethasone dosing results in fewer seizures for the first 21 days during and early after antiparasitic treatment for viable parenchymal NCC but not during the first 11-42 days, which was the primary predetermined time of analysis. Objective: Neurocysticercosis (NCC) is a major cause of seizures and epilepsy in endemic countries. Antiparasitic treatment of brain cysts leads to seizures due to the host's inflammatory reaction, requiring concomitant steroids. We hypothesized that increased steroid dosing will reduce treatment-associated seizures. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of zonisamide in paediatric patients with epilepsy$$$ Background Zonisamide has recently been approved in Europe for the adjunctive treatment of partial seizures (with or without secondary generalisation) in adolescents and children aged ≥6 years. Aim To further assess the safety of adjunctive zonisamide in paediatric epilepsy patients. Methods A pooled analysis of data from 17 studies (including four randomised, double-blind trials) was conducted. The safety population comprised patients aged ≤16 years receiving at least one dose of study drug. Assessments included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs), clinical laboratory parameters, vital signs and electrocardiography. Results The analysis included 398 patients treated with zonisamide (&12 years, n = 191; 12-16 years, n = 207). All but seven patients received zonisamide as adjunctive therapy. Mean duration of exposure was 318.7 days (mean dose, 253.1 mg/day). Most TEAEs were of mild or moderate intensity. The most frequently reported treatment-related TEAEs were decreased appetite (15.6%), somnolence (12.1%), fatigue (9.3%), dizziness (6.0%), decreased weight (5.8%), irritability (5.8%) and headache (5.3%). Incidence of serious zonisamide-related TEAEs was low (3.5% overall). TEAEs most commonly leading to discontinuation were lethargy (1.0%) and fatigue (1.0%). TEAEs of decreased weight and decreased appetite occurred in 28 (7.0%) and 78 (19.6%) patients, respectively. Twenty-eight patients had decreased bicarbonate levels, but there were no reports of respiratory alkalosis or metabolic acidosis. No changes in vital signs of clinical concern were observed and there were no reports of clinically significant electrocardiogram abnormalities with zonisamide treatment. Conclusion Zonisamide demonstrated an acceptable safety profile when used as adjunctive treatment in paediatric patients. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: Should we use response to AEDS as a red flag for the diagnosis?$$$ Purpose: Lack of response to anti-epileptic drugs (AEDS) is considered a "red flag" pointing to a diagnosis of Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures (PNES). On the other hand, placebo effects are relevant in any medical condition with a complex psychosocial component. We aimed to evaluate the presence and frequency of a placebo response in patients with sole PNES and explore its impact on diagnostic delay. Methods: We reviewed the medical records of 102 patients referred for video EEG monitoring and diagnosed with PNES. Patients with PNES and epilepsy were excluded. The response to AEDs was analyzed according to patients' reports and medical records. Patients were classified, according to the response to AEDs, in two groups: responders (patients achieving remission) and non-responders. Then, we compared the diagnostic delay from the first event to the final diagnosis between these groups. Results: Forty-seven patients (79.7%) with sole PNES who were using AEDs were identified. Twenty-two patients (46.8%) had reported complete or partial remission of PNES with mean response duration of 7.2 months (SD + 9.6 months). The time delay of the diagnosis in the AED responder group was 10.6 years; the delay in non-responders was 5.6 years (p = 0.035). Conclusion: Patients with sole PNES receiving AEDs can go into PNES remission. A favorable response to AEDs is likely to be interpreted as supporting a diagnosis of epilepsy and is associated with diagnostic delay. Physicians should bear in mind that patients with PNES may be particularly vulnerable to placebo effects. ER  - 
Multicenter pilot treatment trial for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Importance There is a paucity of controlled treatment trials for the treatment of conversion disorder, seizures type, also known as psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, the most common conversion disorder, are as disabling as epilepsy and are not adequately addressed or treated by mental health clinicians. Objective To evaluate different PNES treatments compared with standard medical care (treatment as usual). Design, Setting, and Participants Pilot randomized clinical trial at 3 academic medical centers with mental health clinicians trained to administer psychotherapy or psychopharmacology to outpatients with PNES. Thirty-eight participants were randomized in a blocked schedule among 3 sites to 1 of 4 treatment arms and were followed up for 16 weeks between September 2008 and February 2012; 34 were included in the analysis. Interventions Medication (flexible-dose sertraline hydrochloride) only, cognitive behavioral therapy informed psychotherapy (CBT-ip) only, CBT-ip with medication (sertraline), or treatment as usual. Main Outcomes and Measures Seizure frequencywas the primary outcome; psychosocial and functioning measures, including psychiatric symptoms, social interactions, quality of life, and global functioning, were secondary outcomes. Data were collected prospectively, weekly, and with baseline, week 2, midpoint (week 8), and exit (week 16) batteries. Within-group analyses for each arm were performed on primary (seizure frequency) and secondary outcomes from treatment-blinded raters using an intention-to-treat analysis. Results The psychotherapy (CBT-ip) arm showed a 51.4%seizure reduction (P = .01) and significant improvement from baseline in secondary measures including depression, anxiety, quality of life, and global functioning (P < .001). The combined arm (CBT-ip with sertraline) showed 59.3%seizure reduction (P = .008) and significant improvements in some secondary measures, including global functioning (P = .007). The sertraline-only arm did not show a reduction in seizures (P = .08). The treatment as usual group showed no significant seizure reduction or improvement in secondary outcome measures (P = .19). Conclusions and Relevance This pilot randomized clinical trial for PNES revealed significant seizure reduction and improved comorbid symptoms and global functioning with CBT-ip for PNES without and with sertraline. There were no improvements in the sertraline-only or treatment-as-usual arms. This study supports the use of manualized psychotherapy for PNES and successful training of mental health clinicians in the treatment. Future studies could assess larger-scale intervention dissemination. Trial Registration clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00835627. ER  - 
Perceptions of psychosocial impacts of epilepsy by affected persons in northern Nigeria$$$ Results: The subjects comprised 168 (69.4%) males and 74 (30.6%) females with mean ages of 29.5±12.4years and 30.7 ±16.0 years respectively. Their respective mean ages of onset of epilepsy were 18.6 ±14.0 years and 20.9 ±17.4 years. 8% had no formal education, 50% stopped school at various stages, while 28%, 12% and 2% completed primary, secondary and tertiary education at respective ages of 12.8 ±2.1 years, 18.2 ± 1.9 years and 24.4 ± 0.9 years. 73% were unemployed and 79% were unmarried due to rejection by spouses. More than 90% were unhappy about epilepsy, 4% were depressed and 0.8% had suicidal ideations. 28% would not socialise because of stigmatization and discrimination at home or workplace, while 5% experienced hostility from employers and colleagues at workplace. Conclusions: The study highlighted some psychosocial impacts of epilepsy in more than 90% of persons with epilepsy in Kaduna State, Nigeria. Method: Two hundred and forty two adults attending epilepsy clinic at two tertiary hospitals were questioned on impacts of epilepsy on personal developments and social interactions. Background: Globally persons afflicted with epilepsy suffer social and psychological problems due to factors such as stigmatization and discrimination, overprotection and seclusion by parents and social isolation. This descriptive cross sectional study set out to investigate psychosocial impacts of epilepsy on affected individuals in Kaduna State, Northern Nigeria. ER  - 
Toward a reconsideration of inclusion and exclusion criteria in cleft lip and palate: Implications for psychological research$$$ Background: This article investigates the prevalence of conditions that affect cognitive and/or psychosocial functioning in 10-year-old children born with a cleft lip and/or palate (CL/P) and explores how the presence of such additional difficulties may affect the reporting of outcomes in psychological research. Design: Cross-sectional data derived from routine psychological assessments. Setting: Centralized treatment, Norway. Participants: Data on cleft type and additional conditions were collected for 754 children with CL/P from 11 consecutive birth cohorts. Data on psychological adjustment were collected for three consecutive birth cohorts (n = 169). Main Outcome Measures: The Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ), completed by children and parents. Results: A total of 240 children (32%) in the sample had an additional condition, such as developmental delay, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, or a specific language impairment or dyslexia. Analysis of SDQ scores using conventional exclusion criteria (approach 1) was compared with a second method (approach 2), which included all children and categorized them according to the presence or absence of additional conditions. Significant variation in profiles of psychosocial adjustment was found depending on the approach to exclusion. Conclusions: The presence of additional conditions in a sample may affect results and subsequently the conclusions drawn in relation to the psychosocial adjustment of children born with CL/P. The present study emphasizes the importance of careful assessments and reporting of all associated conditions, in order to improve the understanding of the impact of a cleft and the consequences of associated conditions in this population. ER  - 
Biopsychosocial predictors of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Background: Previous studies have identified numerous biological, psychological and social characteristics of persons with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) however the strength of many of these factors have not been evaluated to determine which are predictive of the diagnosis compared to those that may only be stereotypes with limited clinical utility. Method: A retrospective chart review of persons admitted to our epilepsy monitoring unit over a 6-year period was conducted to examine predictors of a video-EEG confirmed PNES diagnosis. Results: A total of 689 patients had events leading to a diagnosis, 47% (. n=. 324) with PNES only, 12% (. n=. 84) with PNES & Epilepsy and 41% (. n=. 281) with Epilepsy only. Five biological predictors of a PNES only diagnosis were found; number of years with events (OR. =. 1.10), history of head injury (OR. =. 1.91), asthma (OR. =. 2.94), gastro-esophageal reflux disease (OR. =. 1.72) and pain (OR. =. 2.25). One psychological predictor; anxiety (OR. =. 1.72) and two social predictors; being married (OR. =. 1.81) and history of physical/sexual abuse (OR. =. 3.35). Two significant biological predictors of a PNES & Epilepsy diagnosis were found; migraine (OR. =. 1.83) and gastro-esophageal reflux disease (OR. =. 2.17). Conclusions: Our findings support the importance of considering the biopsychosocial model for the diagnosis and treatment of PNES or PNES with concomitant epilepsy. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of targeted-dose busulfan and bortezomib as a conditioning regimen for patients with relapsed multiple myeloma undergoing a second autologous blood progenitor cell transplantation$$$ Patients with multiple myeloma (MM) who relapse after autologous transplantation have limited therapeutic options. We conducted a prospective, multicenter, phase IIa study to investigate the safety and efficacy of i.v. busulfan (Bu) in combination with bortezomib as a conditioning regimen for a second autotransplantation. Because a safe Bu exposure was unknown in patients receiving this combination, Bu was initially targeted to a total area under the concentration-time curve (AUC) of 20,000μM× minute. As no concentration-limiting toxicity was observed in 6 patients, this Bu exposure was utilized in the following treatment cohort (n=24). Individualized Bu dose, based on test dose .8mg/kg pharmacokinetics (PK), was administered daily for 4 consecutive days starting 5days before transplantation, followed by a single dose of bortezomib (1.3mg/m<sup>2</sup>) 1day before transplantation. The total mean dose of i.v. Bu (including the test dose and 4-day administration) was 14.2mg/kg (standard deviation=2.48; range, 8.7 to 19.2). Confirmatory PK demonstrated that only 2 of 30 patients who underwent transplantation were dosed outside the Bu AUC target and dose adjustments were made for the last 2 doses of i.v. Bu. The median age was 59years (range, 48 to 73). Median time from first to second transplantation was 28.0months (range, 12 to 119). Of 26 evaluable patients, 10 patients attained a partial response (PR) or better at 3months after transplantation, with 2 patients attaining a complete response. At 6months after transplantation, 5 of 12 evaluable patients had maintained or improved their disease status. Median progression-free survival was 191days, whereas median overall survival was not reached during the study period. The most common grade 3 and 4 toxicities were febrile neutropenia (50.0%) and stomatitis (43.3%). One transplantation-related death was observed. A combination of dose-targeted i.v. Bu and bortezomib induced PR or better in one third of patients with MM who underwent a second autotransplantation, with acceptable toxicity. ER  - 
Psychological problems and clinical outcomes of children with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: Our purpose was to investigate psychological problems and clinical outcomes in children with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Materials and Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the data of 25 patients who were diagnosed with PNES between 2006 and 2012. Results: Twenty-five children with PNES, aged 8 to 19 years (mean 13.82), were referred to psychiatrists for psychiatric assessment. On their initial visit, 72% of patients had comorbid psychological problems, including depression, anxiety, conduct disorder, adjustment disorder, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, schizophrenia, and bipolar disorder. Among these, depression was the most frequent (36%). Predisposing and triggering factors included familial distress (40%), social distress (24%), and specific events (20%). The following treatment was advised based on the results of the initial psychological assessment: 3 patients regularly visited psychiatric clinic to assess their clinical status without treatment, nine underwent psychotherapy, and 13 received a combination of psychotherapy and psychopharmacological therapy. At the mean follow-up of 31.5 months after diagnosis, 20 patients (80%) were event-free at follow-up, three (12%) showed reduced frequency, and two (8%) experienced persistent symptoms. Conclusion: The outcomes of PNES in children are much better than those in adults, despite a high rate of psychological comorbidities. ER  - 
Efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: A randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation could modulate cortical excitability and has the potential to treat refractory depression. However, there has been a lack of large randomized studies of the antidepressant efficacy of different forms of theta-burst stimulation, such as intermittent and continuous theta-burst stimulation. A randomized sham-controlled study was conducted to investigate antidepressant efficacy of theta-burst stimulation and to compare efficacy among left-prefrontal intermittent theta-burst stimulation, right-prefrontal continuous theta-burst stimulation and a combination of them in patients showing different levels of antidepressant refractoriness. A group of 60 treatment-refractory patients with recurrent major depressive disorder were recruited and randomized to four groups (Group A: continuous theta-burst stimulation; Group B: intermittent theta-burst stimulation; Group C: a combination of continuous and intermittent theta-burst stimulation; and Group D: sham theta-burst stimulation; 15 patients were included in each group). After 2 weeks of theta-burst stimulation treatment, depression improved in all groups. Groups B and C had better antidepressant responses (as reflected by % decreases in depression score) than Groups A and D (P = 0.001, post hoc analysis: B > A, B > D, C > A, and C > D), even after controlling for age and refractoriness scores. The mean antidepressant effect was highest in Group C and followed by that in Group B. Additionally, a significant placebo effect was found in patients with low refractoriness; this disappeared in patients with moderate-to-high refractoriness. A significant correlation existed between refractoriness scores and treatment responses. Treatment refractoriness was a significant factor negatively predicting efficacy of theta-burst stimulation (P = 0.039). This randomized sham-controlled study demonstrated that active theta-burst stimulation is a well-tolerated form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and has good antidepressant efficacy, particularly in depressed subjects within a certain range of treatment refractoriness. ER  - 
Comorbidity and functional mobility in persons with Parkinson disease$$$ Objectives To report the frequency, severity, and types of comorbidities in people with Parkinson disease (PD) using a validated self-report comorbidity screening tool, and to determine the relationship between comorbidity and functional mobility. Design A secondary analysis and cross-sectional observational study design. Setting University hospital; outpatient balance disorders laboratory. Participantsg Persons with mild to moderate idiopathic PD (N=76). Intervention Not applicable. Main Outcome Measures The Cumulative Illness Rating Scale-Geriatric (CIRS-G) and a comprehensive mobility assessment including gait (distance walked in 3min), balance (mini-Balance Evaluation Systems Test), and physical function (Physical Performance Test). Results All participants reported comorbidities in addition to their diagnosed PD. The average ± SD number of comorbidities was 6.96±2.0 (range, 2-11), and the total CIRS-G score ± SD was 12.7±4.8. The most commonly reported organ systems with comorbidity were eyes and ears (89%), psychiatric (68%), musculoskeletal (64%), lower gastrointestinal (62%), respiratory (60.5%), upper gastrointestinal (59.2%), and genitourinary (53.9%). The total CIRS-G score was significantly related to functional mobility: gait (r=-.53, P=.0001), balance (r=-.43, P=.0003), and physical performance (r=-.36, P=.0041). Of the original 14 organ systems measured, there were 7 systems that, when combined, best predicted gait performance, 6 systems combined that best predicted balance performance, and 4 systems combined that predicted functional performance. Conclusions This study reports a high frequency of multiple medical system comorbidity in people with mild to moderate PD. Furthermore, comorbidity scores were associated with mobility disability: gait, balance, and physical function. Early intervention is important to delay mobility disability in PD, and we recommend that people with PD found to have comorbidities should be screened for balance and gait deficits. ER  - 
Predicting the “usefulness” of 5-ALA-derived tumor fluorescence for fluorescence-guided resections in pediatric brain tumors: a European survey$$$ Background: Five-aminolevulinic acid (Gliolan, medac, Wedel, Germany, 5-ALA) is approved for fluorescence-guided resections of adult malignant gliomas. Case reports indicate that 5-ALA can be used for children, yet no prospective study has been conducted as of yet. As a basis for a study, we conducted a survey among certified European Gliolan users to collect data on their experiences with children. Methods: Information on patient characteristics, MRI characteristics of tumors, histology, fluorescence qualities, and outcomes were requested. Surgeons were further asked to indicate whether fluorescence was “useful”, i.e., leading to changes in surgical strategy or identification of residual tumor. Recursive partitioning analysis (RPA) was used for defining cohorts with high or low likelihoods for useful fluorescence. Results: Data on 78 patients <18 years of age were submitted by 20 centers. Fluorescence was found useful in 12 of 14 glioblastomas (85 %), four of five anaplastic astrocytomas (60 %), and eight of ten ependymomas grades II and III (80 %). Fluorescence was found inconsistently useful in PNETs (three of seven; 43 %), gangliogliomas (two of five; 40 %), medulloblastomas (two of eight, 25 %) and pilocytic astrocytomas (two of 13; 15 %). RPA of pre-operative factors showed tumors with supratentorial location, strong contrast enhancement and first operation to have a likelihood of useful fluorescence of 64.3 %, as opposed to infratentorial tumors with first surgery (23.1 %). Conclusions: Our survey demonstrates 5-ALA as being used in pediatric brain tumors. 5-ALA may be especially useful for contrast-enhancing supratentorial tumors. These data indicate controlled studies to be necessary and also provide a basis for planning such a study. ER  - 
Congenital heart disease as a warning sign for the diagnosis of the 22q11.2 deletion$$$ Background: To alert for the diagnosis of the 22q11.2 deletion syndrome (22q11.2DS) in patients with congenital heart disease (CHD).Objective: To describe the main CHDs, as well as phenotypic, metabolic and immunological findings in a series of 60 patients diagnosed with 22q11.2DS. Methods: The study included 60 patients with 22q11.2DS evaluated between 2007 and 2013 (M:F = 1.3, age range 14 days to 20 years and 3 months) at a pediatric reference center for primary immunodeficiencies. The diagnosis was established by detection of the 22q11.2 microdeletion using FISH (n = 18) and/or MLPA (n = 42), in association with clinical and laboratory information. Associated CHDs, progression of phenotypic facial features, hypocalcemia and immunological changes were analyzed. Results: CHDs were detected in 77% of the patients and the most frequent type was tetralogy of Fallot (38.3%). Surgical correction of CHD was performed in 34 patients. Craniofacial dysmorphisms were detected in 41 patients: elongated face (60%) and/or elongated nose (53.3%), narrow palpebral fissure (50%), dysplastic, overfolded ears (48.3%), thin lips (41.6%), elongated fingers (38.3%) and short stature (36.6%). Hypocalcemia was detected in 64.2% and decreased parathyroid hormone (PTH) level in 25.9%. Decrease in total lymphocytes, CD4 and CD8 counts were present in 40%, 53.3% and 33.3%, respectively. Hypogammaglobulinemia was detected in one patient and decreased concentrations of immunoglobulin M (IgM) in two other patients. Conclusion: Suspicion for 22q11.2DS should be raised in all patients with CHD associated with hypocalcemia and/or facial dysmorphisms, considering that many of these changes may evolve with age. The 22q11.2 microdeletion should be confirmed by molecular testing in all patients. ER  - 
Surgical treatment of MRI-negative temporal lobe epilepsy based on PET: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Introduction: Using retrospective and comparative methods, we aim to discuss the surgical treatment of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-negative temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) presented with positive positron emission tomography (PET) results. Methods: From the viewpoint of semiology, demography, surgical treatment and prognosis evaluation, we compared 19 MRI-negative, PET-positive TLE patients to 41 TLE with hippocampal sclerosis patients, and then statistically analyzed the differences between these 2 cohorts. Results: Under intraoperative electrocorticography monitoring, all patients underwent successful standard anterior temporal lobectomy. It appears that there is no significant difference between the surgical outcome of MRI-negative/PET-positive TLE (Engle class I: 68.4%, Engle class I + II: 84.2%) and TLE with hippocampal sclerosis (Engle class I: 68.3%, Engle class I + II: 80.5%). The analysis also shows that to some extent MRI-negative, PET-positive TLE might be distinct from TLE with hippocampal sclerosis as a clinical entity, i.e. the former is not a subtype of the latter. History of febrile convulsion and occurrence of secondary generalized tonic-clonic seizure may possibly differentiate them from each other. Conclusion: Successful resective surgery of MRI-negative TLE based on PET can yield similar favorable results to TLE with hippocampal sclerosis. This study demonstrates that with reasonable presurgical workup, such TLE subtypes can be surgically treated without invasive intracranial electrode implantation. ER  - 
Second-line therapy with fingolimod for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in clinical practice: The effect of previous exposure to natalizumab$$$ Background: To evaluate efficacy and safety of fingolimod for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis, particularly in patients previously exposed to natalizumab. Method: Prospective observational single-centre second-line cohort study. Results: Among 71 patients treated with fingolimod 0.5 mg/day for a mean duration of 21.75 ± 12.60 months, the annualized relapse rate was 0.66 (C.I. 95% 0.27-1.05) with a significant difference between 26 patients with prior natalizumab exposure (1.15; C.I. 95% 0.12-2.17) and 45 not exposed (0.38; C.I. 95% 0.18-0.57; p = 0.002). In a multivariate negative regression model, only previous exposure to natalizumab (p = 0.049) and duration of fingolimod treatment (p < 0.001) significantly correlated with the annualized relapse rate. Previous exposure to natalizumab (p = 0.028) and duration of treatment with fingolimod (p < 0.001) were confirmed by restricting the analysis to the first 12 months of treatment with fingolimod, but were no longer statistically significant by analysing only patients (n = 51) with at least 12 months of treatment with fingolimod (0.32; C.I. 95% 0.08-0.55 vs. 0.22; C.I. 95% 0.11-0.32; p = NS). No differences were observed in neuroradiological outcomes and disability progression in patients exposed to natalizumab and not exposed. The rate of discontinuation due to adverse events was 11.3%, with no differences between the two groups. Conclusions: Our study confirms efficacy and side effects of fingolimod in a second-line clinical practice cohort. Prior natalizumab exposure and duration of treatment with fingolimod are independent predictors of annualized relapse rate during the first 12 months of treatment with fingolimod, but not in the long-term, and may be influenced by the 3 months washout period between the two drugs. ER  - 
The sociodemographic, clinical and pharmacotherapy characteristics influencing quality of life in patients with epilepsy: A cross-sectional study$$$ Context: Quality of life (QOL) assessment in patients with epilepsy (PWE) is increasingly recognized as an important component in the management of epilepsy. Aims: The objective of the present study was to assess influence of sociodemographic, clinical and pharmacotherapy characteristics collectively on QOL in adult PWE. Settings and Design: This was a cross-sectional, observational study in patients with confirmed diagnosis of epilepsy. Materials and Methods: QOL was assessed using modified QOLIE-10 questionnaire for epilepsy. Univariate and multiple regression analysis were done to determine factors associated with poor QOL, respectively. Results: There were 451 PWE, with a mean age 27.3 ± 8.15 years, 251 (56%) males and 191 (42%) had monthly income < 5000 Indian national rupees (INR)/month. The QOLIE score was 64.1 ± 15.97 (Mean ± SD). The univariate analysis showed factors such as lower monthly income, focal epilepsy, seizure frequency, antiepileptic drug (AED) polytherapy, conventional AEDs and frequent adverse drug reactions (ADRs) had significant negative influence on various domains of QOLIE-10 questionnaire. Multiple regression analysis showed seizure frequency as a significant predictor of most QOL domains and overall score, while ADRs as a significant predictor of all the domains. Seizure type was a predictive factor for domains like emotional well-being and overall score. Conclusion: Present findings showed patients on monotherapy had better QOL while those having lower monthly income, having focal epilepsy and who received conventional AEDs had negative influence on QOL scores. Further, higher seizure frequency and occurrence of ADRs were significant predictors of all the domains of QOL in PWE. ER  - 
Adverse reactions of Methylphenidate in children with attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder: Report from a referral center$$$ Objective: The aim of the current study was to determine various aspects of methylphenidate adverse reactions in children with attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Iran. Methods: During the 6 months period, all children under methylphenidate treatment alone or along with other agents attending a university-affiliated psychology clinic were screened regarding all subjective and objective adverse drug reactions (ADRs) of methylphenidate. Causality and seriousness of detected ADRs were assessed by relevant World Health Organization definitions. The Schumock and Thornton questionnaire was used to determine preventability of ADRs. Findings: Seventy-one patients including 25 girls and 46 boys with ADHD under methylphenidate treatment were enrolled within the study period. All (100%) ADHD children under methylphenidate treatment developed at least one ADR. Anorexia (74.3%), irritability (57.1%), and insomnia (47.2%) were the most frequent methylphenidate-related adverse reactions. Except for one, all other detected ADRs were determined to be mild. In addition, no ADR was considered to be preventable and serious. Conclusion: Our data suggested that although methylphenidate related adverse reactions were common in children with ADHD, but they were mainly mild and nonserious. ER  - 
The N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor, a precursor to N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis, is found in the squamous tissue of ovarian teratomas$$$ Anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (anti-NMDAR) encephalitis is the most common antibody-mediated limbic encephalitis and is associated with underlying ovarian teratoma. Previous studies suggest that expression of NMDAR on teratoma neural tissue initiates an autoimmune response to NMDAR in the brain. As some teratomas of patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis lack neuronal tissue, we questioned if there could be an alternate mechanism of the disease. We performed immunohistochemical analyses for NMDAR and correlated its expression with histology on 10 control teratomas and 5 teratomas associated with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. Both control and case teratomas expressed NMDAR-bearing neural tissue. All 15 teratomas contained large amounts of NMDAR bearing squamous epithelium; in 2 cases this was the only tissue expressing NMDAR. NMDAR-bearing neural tissue is not the sole source of encephalitis in all patients. Furthermore, we speculate that NMDAR expression by squamous epithelium may contribute to the disease development in some patients. ER  - 
Case comparison and literature review of glioblastoma: A tale of two tumors$$$ Background: Diagnosis of glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) includes a heterogeneous group of tumors. We describe two cases with histopathologically and molecularly similar tumors, but very different outcomes. We attempt to illustrate the need for improved prognostic markers for GBM.Copyright: Case Description: Two patients with similar molecular profiles were retrospectively identified. The following markers were assessed: O6-methylguanine DNA methyltransferase (MGMT) methylation, isocitrate dehydrogenase (IDH) 1 and 2 status, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) amplification, phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) status, Ki-67, p53, and 1p/19q status. Each patient was assigned a Karnofsky performance score at presentation. Case 1 (62-year-old male) was a right temporal lobe glioblastoma with a molecular profile of amplified EGFR, normal PTEN, no IDH1/2 mutation, 28.7% MGMT promoter methylation, 5-20% Ki-67, 1p deletion, and 19q intact. The patient underwent resection followed by radiation therapy and 2 years of chemotherapy, and was asymptomatic and tumor free 5 years post diagnosis. Tumor eventually recurred and the patient expired 72 months after initial diagnosis. Case 2 (63-year-old male) was a right frontal white matter mass consistent with glioblastoma with a molecular profile of amplified EGFR, absent PTEN, no IDH1/2 mutation, 9.9% MGMT promoter methylation, 5-10% Ki-67, and 1p/19q status inconclusive. A radical subtotal resection was performed; however, 2 weeks later symptoms had returned. Subsequent imaging revealed a tumor larger than at diagnosis. The patient expired 3 months after initial diagnosis. Conclusion: The need for formulating more robust means to classify GBM tumor subtypes is paramount. Standard histopathologic and molecular analyses are costly and did not provide either of these patients with a realistic appraisal of their prognosis. Individualized whole genome testing similar to that being reported for medulloblastoma and other tumors may be preferable to the array of tests as currently utilized. ER  - 
Long-term survival (>13 years) in a child with recurrent diffuse pontine gliosarcoma: A case report$$$ Pediatric gliosarcoma (GS) is a rare variant of glioblastoma multiforme. The authors describe the case of an unusual pontine location of GS in a 9-year-old boy who was initially diagnosed with low-grade astrocytoma (LGA) that was successfully controlled for 4 years. Subsequently, his brain tumor transformed into a GS. Prior treatment of his LGA included subtotal tumor resection 3 times, standard radiation therapy, and Gamma Knife procedure twice. His LGA was also treated with a standard chemotherapy regimen of carboplatin and vincristine, and his GS with subtotal resection, high-dose cyclophosphamide, and thiotepa with stem cell rescue and temozolomide. Unfortunately, he developed disseminated disease with multiple lesions and leptomeningeal involvement including a tumor occupying 80% of the pons. Upon presentation at our clinic, he had rapidly progressing disease. He received treatment with antineoplastons (ANP) A10 and AS2-1 for 6 years and 10 months under special exception to our phase II protocol BT-22. During his treatment with ANP his tumor stabilized, then decreased, and, ultimately, did not show any metabolic activity. The patient's response was evaluated by magnetic resonance imaging and positron emission tomography scans. His pathology diagnosis was confirmed by external neuropathologists, and his response to the treatment was determined by central radiology review. He experienced the following treatment-related, reversible toxicities with ANP: fatigue, xerostomia and urinary frequency (grade 1), diarrhea, incontinence and urine color change (grade 2), and grade 4 hypernatremia. His condition continued to improve after treatment with ANP and, currently, he complains only of residual neurological deficit from his previous surgery. He achieved a complete response, and his overall and progression-free survival is in excess of 13 years. This report indicates that it is possible to obtain long-term survival of a child with a highly aggressive recurrent GS with diffuse pontine involvement with a currently available investigational treatment. ER  - 
Anxiety, stress and depression in family caregivers of the mentally ill$$$ Material and methods Cross-sectional, descriptive and correlational study with 104 caregivers, mostly female (62.5%), aged between 22 and 77 years with a mean age of 52.03 years. The following were used as instruments: the Family Apgar Scale; the Satisfaction with Social Support Scale (ESSS); the Caregiver Overload Scale (ESC); the Anxiety, Depression and Stress Scales (EADS-21). Results We found that females have higher rates (P <.05) of anxiety, depression and stress; participants with less education have more anxiety than those with higher and secondary education (P =.001); caregivers living in rural areas have higher levels of depression (P =.044) and stress (P =.041); those who perceive belonging to families with marked dysfunctions have higher levels of depression (P =.0.001) and stress (P =.000); the higher the overload, the higher the levels of anxiety (P =.002), depression and stress (P =.000). Conclusions I tis necessary to develop strategies for local and community intervention to promote mental health and prevent mental illness. Background The current policy guidelines on mental health aim to keep the mentally ill within the community, with the development of social support, including families, hence the emergence of the role of the family caregiver. Objectives To identify socio-demographic variables influencing anxiety, depression and stress for the informal caregivers of the mentally ill; to determine the influence of family background variables on caregiver anxiety, depression and stress; to analyse the relationship between social support and caregiver overload with caregiver anxiety, depression and stress. ER  - 
Efficacy of a psychological online intervention for depression in people with epilepsy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective Depression is the most prevalent psychiatric disorder in persons with epilepsy (PWEs). Despite its major impact on quality of life and risk of suicide, most PWEs are not treated for depression. A current challenge in mental health care is how to close this treatment gap and increase access to psychological services. Psychological online interventions (POIs) have shown efficacy in improving depression among individuals without neurologic disorders. This pilot study aimed to assess the feasibility and efficacy of a psychological online intervention for depression (Deprexis) in PWEs who have symptoms of depression. Methods Participants with self-reported epilepsy and subjective complaints of depressive symptoms were randomized to an intervention condition (Deprexis) or to a waiting list control (WLC) condition. After 9 weeks, participants were invited to complete an online reassessment. Results Relative to the waiting list group, program users experienced a significant symptom decline on the Beck Depression Inventory - I (BDI-I, primary outcome) with a moderate effect size in the complete observations analysis and a small effect size in the intention-to-treat analysis. Furthermore, there was a significant improvement with a moderate effect size on the "energy/fatigue" subscale of the Quality of Life In Epilepsy Inventory - 31 (QOLIE-31). Significance The results of this trial suggest that POIs may be a feasible and beneficial tool for PWEs who have comorbid depressive symptoms. ER  - 
Bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for auditory hallucinations in patients with schizophrenia: A randomized controlled, cross-over study$$$ Objective: A randomized double-blind cross-over trial was conducted in patients with persistent auditory hallucinations (AHs) to investigate whether bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at the temporoparietal area or Broca's area is more effective at high- or low-frequencies compared to a sham condition. Methods: Twenty three patients with persistent AHs who remained stable on the same medication for 2 months were enrolled. They were randomized to one of four conditions: low-frequency (1 Hz)-rTMS to the temporoparietal area (L-TP), high-frequency (20 Hz)-rTMS to the temporoparietal area (H-TP), high-frequency (20 Hz)-rTMS to Broca's area (H-B), or sham. Results: All the four rTMS conditions resulted in significant decrease in the scores under the auditory hallucination rating scale and hallucination change scale over time. However, there were no significant treatment effects or interaction between time and treatment, suggesting no superior effects of the new paradigms over the sham condition. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that bilateral rTMS at the temporoparietal area or Broca's area with high- or low-frequency does not produce superior effects in reducing AHs compared to sham stimulation. ER  - 
Predictive factors of neurological complications and one-month mortality after liver transplantation$$$ Background: Neurological complications are common after orthotopic liver transplantation (OLT). We aimed to characterize the risk factors associated with neurological complications and mortality among patients who underwent OLT in the post-model for end-stage liver disease (MELD) era. Methods: In a retrospective review, we evaluated 227 consecutive patients at the Keck Hospital of the University of Southern California before and after OLT to define the type and frequency of and risk factors for neurological complications and mortality. Results: Neurological complications were common (n = 98), with encephalopathy being most frequent (56.8%), followed by tremor (26.5%), hallucinations (11.2%), and seizure (8.2%). Factors associated with neurological complications after OLT included preoperative dialysis, hepatorenal syndrome, renal insufficiency, intra-operative dialysis, preoperative encephalopathy, preoperative mechanical ventilation, and infection. Preoperative infection was an independent predictor of neurological complications (OR 2.83, 1.47-5.44). One-month mortality was 8.8% and was independently associated with urgent re-transplant, preoperative intubation, and intra-operative arrhythmia. Conclusion: Neurological complications are common in patients undergoing OLT in the post-MELD era, with encephalopathy being most frequent. An improved understanding of the risk factors related to both neurological complications and one-month mortality post-transplantation can better guide perioperative care and help improve outcomes among OLT patients. ER  - 
A cross sectional study to evaluate the non-epileptic uses of antiepileptic drugs at a tertiary care hospital$$$ In recent years, various antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are being increasingly used in non-epileptic disorders. This could be due to increase in the incidence of the non-epileptic conditions in the present years and availability of literature for their use in non-epileptic disorders. Due to lack of Indian data, the present study was taken up to evaluate the use of AEDs in various non-epileptic disorders. This was a cross sectional study done for a period of 6 months in neurology and psychiatry departments of BMCRI, Bangalore. The demographic, disease and drug data were collected from each patient selected for the study and was analysed descriptively. Total of 88 patients were prescribed AEDs for non-epileptic disorders. Diabetic peripheral neuropathy (32 AEDs) had majority of prescriptions of AEDs, followed by Bipolar disorder (20 AEDs) and Trigeminal neuralgia (15 AEDs). Among the AEDs prescribed for non epileptic disorders, Pregabalin (30 patients) ranked first, followed by Carbamazepine (23 patients) and Valproate (16 patients). In conclusion, the present study noticed that AEDs are prescribed in various neurological and psychiatric disorders other than epilepsy. Though, the older AEDs were mostly prescribed for approved conditions, newer AEDs were found to be used more frequently. ER  - 
Psychosocial factors and antiepileptic drug use related to delayed diagnosis of refractory psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ OBJECTIVE:: We analyzed clinical and psychosocial factors in patients with refractory psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, seeking characteristics that could hasten diagnosis. BACKGROUND:: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures remain a diagnostic challenge. Prognosis is best if patients are treated within 2 years of symptom onset. Psychosocial factors have been shown to provide important information for differential diagnosis. METHODS:: Over a year and 1132 consecutive patients, our hospital's Epilepsy Unit suspected 93 patients of having psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and confirmed refractory psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in 67. We referred these patients to our psychiatric consultation unit for detailed diagnostic interviews, and 53 of the patients followed through. Two months after the psychiatric evaluation we gave them a psychiatric intervention, explaining the diagnosis and treating their comorbidities. We also tracked the patients' use of antiepileptic drugs for 3 months, from just before the psychiatric evaluation until a month after they started the intervention. RESULTS:: Women, patients with an inadequate primary support group, and patients who had tried many antiepileptic drugs were most likely to have their diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures delayed by >2 years after onset. A stepwise logistic regression showed that the 2 best predictors of late diagnosis were lack of availability of a primary support group and patients trying many antiepileptic drugs. CONCLUSIONS:: Clinicians evaluating patients with questionable seizures should raise their suspicion of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures especially in female patients with an insufficient primary support group and a history of taking multiple antiepileptic drugs. ER  - 
Effect of high-dose simvastatin on brain atrophy and disability in secondary progressive multiple sclerosis (MS-STAT): A randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2 trial$$$ Background Secondary progressive multiple sclerosis, for which no satisfactory treatment presently exists, accounts for most of the disability in patients with multiple sclerosis. Simvastatin, which is widely used for treatment of vascular disease, with its excellent safety profile, has immunomodulatory and neuroprotective properties that could make it an appealing candidate drug for patients with secondary progressive multiple sclerosis. Methods We undertook a double-blind, controlled trial between Jan 28, 2008, and Nov 4, 2011, at three neuroscience centres in the UK. Patients aged 18-65 years with secondary progressive multiple sclerosis were randomly assigned (1:1), by a centralised web-based service with a block size of eight, to receive either 80 mg of simvastatin or placebo. Patients, treating physicians, and outcome assessors were masked to treatment allocation. The primary outcome was the annualised rate of whole-brain atrophy measured from serial volumetric MRI. Analyses were by intention to treat and per protocol. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00647348. Findings 140 participants were randomly assigned to receive either simvastatin (n=70) or placebo (n=70). The mean annualised atrophy rate was significantly lower in patients in the simvastatin group (0·288% per year [SD 0·521]) than in those in the placebo group (0·584% per year [0·498]). The adjusted difference in atrophy rate between groups was -0·254% per year (95% CI -0·422 to -0·087; p=0·003); a 43% reduction in annualised rate. Simvastatin was well tolerated, with no differences between the placebo and simvastatin groups in proportions of participants who had serious adverse events (14 [20%] vs nine [13%]). Interpretation High-dose simvastatin reduced the annualised rate of whole-brain atrophy compared with placebo, and was well tolerated and safe. These results support the advancement of this treatment to phase 3 testing. ER  - 
Once-daily dolutegravir versus darunavir plus ritonavir in antiretroviral-naive adults with HIV-1 infection (FLAMINGO): 48 week results from the randomised open-label phase 3b study$$$ Background Dolutegravir has been shown to be non-inferior to an integrase inhibitor and superior to a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI). In FLAMINGO, we compared dolutegravir with darunavir plus ritonavir in individuals naive for antiretroviral therapy. Methods In this multicentre, open-label, phase 3b, non-inferiority study, HIV-1-infected antiretroviral therapy-naive adults with HIV-1 RNA concentration of 1000 copies per mL or more and no resistance at screening were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive either dolutegravir 50 mg once daily or darunavir 800 mg plus ritonavir 100 mg once daily, with investigator-selected tenofovir-emtricitabine or abacavir-lamivudine. Randomisation was stratified by screening HIV-1 RNA (≤100 000 or >100 000 copies per mL) and nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) selection. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with HIV-1 RNA concentration lower than 50 copies per mL (Food and Drug Administration [FDA] snapshot algorithm) at week 48 with a 12% non-inferiority margin. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01449929. Findings Recruitment began on Oct 31, 2011, and was completed on May 24, 2012, in 64 research centres in nine countries worldwide. Of 595 patients screened, 484 patients were included in the analysis (242 in each group). At week 48, 217 (90%) patients receiving dolutegravir and 200 (83%) patients receiving darunavir plus ritonavir had HIV-1 RNA of less than 50 copies per mL (adjusted difference 7·1%, 95% CI 0·2), non-inferiority and on pre-specified secondary analysis dolutegravir was superior (p=0·025). Confirmed virological failure occurred in two (<1%) patients in each group; we recorded no treatment-emergent resistance in either group. Discontinuation due to adverse events or stopping criteria was less frequent for dolutegravir (four [2%] patients) than for darunavir plus ritonavir (ten [4%] patients) and contributed to the difference in response rates. The most commonly reported (≥10%) adverse events were diarrhoea (dolutegravir 41 [17%] patients vs darunavir plus ritonavir 70 [29%] patients), nausea (39 [16%] vs 43 [18%]), and headache (37 [15%] vs 24 [10%]). Patients receiving dolutegravir had significantly fewer low-density lipoprotein values of grade 2 or higher (11 [2%] vs 36 [7%]; p=0·0001). Interpretation Once-daily dolutegravir was superior to once-daily darunavir plus ritonavir. Once-daily dolutegravir in combination with fixed-dose NRTIs represents an effective new treatment option for HIV-1-infected, treatment-naive patients. ER  - 
Forensic autopsies of geriatric deaths conducted in elazig$$$ Introduction: The elderly population is rapidly growing throughout the world due to the increased life span of individuals, parallel to advances in the fields of medicine and technology, improvements in socio-economic conditions, and a decreased reproduction rate. The aim of the present study was to get epidemiological data on forensic deaths and autopsy findings in elderly people. Materials and Method: Of 1439 cases that underwent an autopsy in the Department of Forensic Medicine in Elaz›g Firat University Faculty of Medicine in a five-year period between January 2008 and December 2012, 345 cases (23.9%) aged 65 and over were evaluated for age, gender, and place and cause of death. Results: The mean age of the cases was 73.7±7.6 years; 24 (73.6%) were males and 91 (26.4%) were females. Of these deaths, 207 (60.0%) occurred in the city center. Accidents were the most common cause of death, occurring in 181 cases (52.5%), followed by natural causes occurring in 112 (32.5%) cases. Traffic accidents (54.3%) and falls (21.5%) were found to be the most common causes of unnatural death, and myocardial infarction (72.1%) and cerebrovascular diseases (11.5%) was the most common causes of death from natural causes. 63% (80 cases) of traffic accidents were pedestrian accident. Conclusion: In order to reduce mortality in the elderly population, more emphasis must be placed on personal health checks, which should be performed with higher frequency. More stringent safety measures should be taken in order to reduce the risk of accidents, and public awareness should be raised regarding the safety of elderly people. ER  - 
Anti-epileptic drug utilization and treatment outcome among epileptic patients on follow-up in a resource poor setting$$$ Introduction: Anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) are the primary therapeutic modes for epileptic patients and have been demonstrated to control seizure, which decreases morbidity and mortality associated with epilepsy. There is a paucity of data on treatment outcome among epileptic patients in resource poor settings. The aim of this study was to assess AED utilization pattern and treatment outcome among epileptic patients on follow-up. Materials and Methods: A retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted among epileptic patients on follow-up at Epilepsy clinic of Jimma University specialized hospital. A total of 290 patient record cards which had 3 years of follow-up information was used to evaluate AED utilization pattern and treatment outcome through medical records review. Results: From a total 290 cards of epileptic patients on follow-up, 170 (58.6%) were males. The common type of seizure diagnosed was generalized tonic clonic seizure, 232 (80%). Monotherapy was commonly used in the management of seizure, 54.5%, among which phenobarbitone was the most commonly utilized single anticonvulsant drug. One hundred and sixty-five (56.7%) patients were seizure free during follow-up periods and 125 (43.3%) patients were not, of which 121 (73.3%) of patients had 1 up to 5 seizure attacks per 3 months during the 3 years follow-up period. Conclusion: All studied epileptic patients were put on traditional AEDs; phenobarbitone being the most frequently prescribed single drug. About one in every two epileptic patients evaluated were seizure free during the 3 years follow-up period. ER  - 
Co-morbidity of depression and epilepsy in jimma university specialized hospital, southwest ethiopia$$$ Background: Depression is a serious and frequent co-morbid illness among people with epilepsy (PWE) and the risk for depression in PWE is higher than the general population. However, depression among PWE is often under diagnosed and treated by physicians other than psychiatrists in resource-limited settings like Ethiopia.Objective: This study aimed at assessing the prevalence and factors associated with depression and its implication for treatment among PWE in Southwest Ethiopia.Materials and Methods: A hospital-based cross-sectional study design was facilitated among 300 adult subjects diagnosed with epilepsy at the Jimma University Specialized Hospital (JUSH) from August to October 2012. Depression was assessed using the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) scale which was found to have Cronbach's Alpha of 0.82 for this study.Results: A total of 300 adult subjects with epilepsy were interviewed making a response rate of 100%. The prevalence of depressive disorder among patient with epilepsy was 49.3%. Of these, 39.9%, 38.5%, and 21.6% of the patient were found to have mild, moderate, and severe depression, respectively. Epilepsy-related perceived stigma, high seizure frequency, and low educational status were found to be independent predictors of depression among subjects with epilepsy.Conclusion: In this study, depression was found to be highly prevalent. Early recognition and treatment of depression through routine screening and assessment of PWE should become an essential part of diagnosis and treatment protocol. ER  - 
A multisite controlled study of risk factors in pediatric psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in youth are symptoms of a difficult to diagnose and treat conversion disorder. PNES is associated with high medical and psychiatric morbidity, but specific PNES risk factors in the pediatric population are not known. We examined if youth with PNES have a distinct biopsychosocial risk factor profile compared to their siblings and if the interrelationships between these risk factors differentiate the PNES probands from the sibling group. Methods: This multisite study included 55 youth with a confirmed diagnosis of PNES (age range 8.6-18.4 years) and their 35 sibling controls (age range 8.6-18.1 years). A video EEG and psychiatric assessment confirmed the PNES diagnosis. Parents reported on each child's past and present medical/epilepsy, psychiatric, family, and educational history. Each child underwent a structured psychiatric interview, standardized cognitive and academic achievement testing, and completed self-report coping, daily stress, adversities, and parental bonding questionnaires. Results: Compared to their siblings, the PNES probands had significantly more lifetime comorbid medical, neurological (including epilepsy), and psychiatric problems; used more medications and intensive medical services; had more higher anxiety sensitivity, practiced solitary emotional coping, and experienced more lifetime adversities. A principal components analysis of these variables identified a somatopsychiatric, adversity, epilepsy, and cognitive component. The somatopsychiatric and adversity components differentiated the probands from the siblings, and were highly significant predictors of PNES with odds ratios of 15.1 (95% CI [3.4, 67.3], and 9.5 (95% CI [2.0, 45.7]), respectively. The epilepsy and cognitive components did not differentiate between the PNES and sibling groups. Significance: These findings highlight the complex biopsychosocial and distinct vulnerability profile of pediatric PNES. They also underscore the need for screening the interrelated risk factors included in the somatopsychiatric and adversity components and subsequent mental health referral for confirmation of the diagnosis and treatment of youth with PNES. ER  - 
Premature mortality in poor health and low income adults with epilepsy$$$ Objective: To examine mortality and causes of death (CODs) in socioeconomically disadvantaged persons with epilepsy (PWEs) in the United States. Methods: We performed a retrospective open cohort analysis using Ohio Medicaid claims data between 1992 and 2008 to assess mortality and COD in 68,785 adult Medicaid beneficiaries with epilepsy. Case fatality (CF), mortality rates (MRs), standardized mortality ratios (SMRs), and years of potential life lost (YPLLs) were calculated. The SMRs were estimated to compare risk of death in PWEs with that in the general Medicaid population with and without disabilities. Proportionate mortality ratios (PMRs), YPLLs, and SMRs for specific COD were also obtained. Results: There were 12,630 deaths in PWEs. CF was 18.4%, the age-race-sex adjusted MR was 18.6/1,000 person-years (95% confidence interval [CI], 18.3-18.9). The SMR was 1.8 (95% CI, 1.8-1.9) when compared to the general Medicaid population, and was 1.4 (95% CI, 1.3-1.6) when compared to those with disabilities. The average YPLL was 16.9 years (range 1-47 years). Both epilepsy and comorbid conditions significantly contributed to premature mortality in PWEs. Cardiovascular diseases, cancer, and unintentional injuries were the most common COD and account for a large proportion of YPLLs. Deaths from epilepsy-related causes occurred in about 10% of the cases. Significance: Socioeconomically deprived PWEs, especially young adults, experience high mortality and die 17 years prematurely. The high mortality in Medicaid beneficiaries with epilepsy affirms that comorbid conditions and epilepsy play a crucial role in premature death. Management of comorbid conditions is, at a minimum, as important as epilepsy management, and therefore deserves more attention from physicians, particularly those who care for Medicaid beneficiaries with epilepsy. ER  - 
Cognitive behaviour therapy to improve mood in people with epilepsy: a randomised controlled trial$$$ This study compared a 9-week individualised Cognitive Behaviour Therapy (CBT) programme for people with epilepsy (PWE), with a wait-list control. Fifty-nine PWE were randomised and 45 (75%) completed post-treatment outcomes. People with lower quality of life (QoL), particularly for cognitive functioning, were more likely to drop out. Analyses based on treatment completers demonstrated significant improvements on the Neurological Depressive Disorders Inventory for Epilepsy (p = .045) and Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale-Depression subscale (p = .048). Importantly, CBT significantly reduced the likelihood of clinical depressive symptoms (p = .014) and suicidal ideation (p = .005). Improvements were not observed for anxiety, QoL or maintained overtime for depression. Results suggest that CBT was effective, however, and could be improved to increase patient retention and long-term outcomes. ER  - 
In-hospital outcomes of methylprednisolone pulse therapy in the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Background: Methylprednisolone Pulse Therapy (MPPT) is standard of care in the management of severe systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). This treatment, though, is considered a double-edged sword due to its life-threatening adverse effects. Renal disease, liver disease and high dose of the drug are factors proposed to adversely affect outcomes of patients treated with MPPT. Despite the widely accepted use of MPPT, there are no reports describing the outcomes from its use among Filipinos with SLE. Objective: To determine the in-hospital outcomes of patients with SLE treated with MPPT and to identify factors associated with adverse outcomes. General Study Design: Retrospective. Population: Adult patients with SLE who were admitted in Philippine General Hospital and underwent MPPT from January 2008 to December 2012. Methods: Patient demographics, disease characteristics on admission, indications for MPPT and in-hospital outcomes were extracted. Analysis: Chi-square test and Fisher’s exact test were used to elicit association of population characteristics to outcomes. Results: Forty-two patients with SLE who underwent MPPT were included. Majority are females (98%) and most (60%) underwent MPPT within one year of SLE diagnosis. High disease activity is seen at the time of MPPT with a mean Mex-SLEDAI score of 14.69. Infection (83%) is the most common comorbidity. Anemia, hypoalbuminemia and significant proteinuria are the most common laboratory abnormalities. The top indication for MPPT is nephritis (83.3%). The dose received by the majority (66.7%) is one gram/day for three days, which is a high dose.Improvement rate is 76% but the in-hospital complication rate is 64% and mortality rate is 21%. Patients with in-hospital complications have signi ficantly lower absolute lymphocyte count (p=0.013), serum albumin (p=0.04) and greater 24-hour proteinuria (p=0.04) at baseline. High-dose MPPT is significantly associated with in-hospital complications (p=0.04) but not mortality. Nephritis (p= 0.04) and low platelet counts at baseline (p=0.01) are associated with mortality. Conclusion: In this population, there is a high rate of improvement of lupus disease activity when MPPT is used but there is a corresponding high rate of in-hospital complications and mortality. High dose of MPPT seems to be associated with increased in-hospital complication, while nephritis and low platelet count showed a probable association with mortality. Further studies on a larger cohort are needed. For now, the findings of this study may be helpful in developing guidelines on the use of MPPT among Filipino patients with SLE. ER  - 
Clinical and laboratory characteristics of severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome in Chinese patients$$$ Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome (SFTS) associated with severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome virus (SFTSV) is an emerging infectious disease. 12 patients with severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome in our study were presented mainly with fever and severe malaise. The clinical manifestations typically became worse on the 6th or 7th day. The average fever time is 9.11. ±. 1.54 days. Most of them had multiorgan dysfunction, and part of them had hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis histiocytosis (HLH). The characteristic laboratory findings in the early stage were the drop of white blood cells (WBC), platelets (PLT) and serum Ca++, while increase of aspartate amino transferase (AST), creatine kinase (CK), and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH). CD3+CD4+ were significantly decreased, while CD3-CD56+ were significantly increased, whereas CD3+CD8+ were constantly elevated throughout the disease course. Ten to 14 days after illness onset, symptoms were improved, accompanied by resolution of laboratory abnormalities. These results indicate that severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome has an acute onset and self-limited course. It is a systemic infection. The host immune response caused tissues and organs injury. The improvement of symptoms and laboratory tests is consistent with the elimination of the virus and recover of immune response. Further investigation should be done in order to better understand this disease and guide the clinical treatment. ER  - 
Is there a tumor volume threshold for postradiosurgical symptoms? a single-institution analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Single-fraction radiosurgery may carry a higher risk of symptomatic peritumoral edema than conventionally fractionated radiotherapy, with a reported incidence of 2.5% to 37%. Previous research has shown that larger tumor volume and margin dose .14 Gy are associated with increased risk of toxicity. Parasagittal location has been associated with toxicity in some studies, but not in others. OBJECTIVE: To determine risk factors for and patterns of postradiosurgical symptoms (PRS). METHODS: This single-institution retrospective chart review included 282 stereotactic radiosurgery procedures for an intracranial meningioma from January 1999 to March 2011. PRS were assessed by using the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (Version 4.0). Statistical analyses were conducted by using the 194 procedures for which treatment plans were available. RESULTS: PRS were observed after 65 procedures (23%); 35 (12%) were grade 2 or higher. Posttreatment edema occurred in 21% of grade I PRS, 68% of grade II PRS, and 71% of grade III PRS. Tumor volume 7.1 cc (adjusted hazards ratio = 4.9, P = .02), prior external beam radiotherapy (adjusted hazards ratio = 2.6, P = .03), and histological grade (P = .005) predicted PRS. On multivariate analysis, parasagittal location was not predictive of PRS, although skull base location predicted a lower risk of symptomatic posttreatment edema (adjusted hazards ratio = 0.133, P = .02). CONCLUSION: In our series, prior external beam radiotherapy, tumor volume, and tumor grade are risk factors for PRS, while pretreatment edema approached statistical significance. Peritumoral edema is the predominant mechanism of significant PRS, and skull base tumors have a lower risk of posttreatment edema. ER  - 
Role of a 48-week pegylated interferon therapy in hepatitis B e antigen positive HIV-co-infected patients on cART including tenofovir: EMVIPEG study$$$ Background & Aims: In hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) positive- HIV co-infected patients treated with combined antiretroviral therapy (cART), including tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF), the rate of HBe seroconversion remains low. Whether adding pegylated interferon alfa (PegIFN) could increase the likelihood of HBeAg loss and HBe seroconversion has not been assessed. Methods: A 48-week PegIFN therapy was added to HBeAg positive- HIV co-infected patients on TDF and emtricitabine, or lamivudine for at least 6 months. The primary endpoint was HBV sustained response: HBe seroconversion with undetectable HBV DNA levels 24 weeks after completing PegIFN therapy (W72). Results: Fifty-one patients (49 men, median age 46 years, range: 32-65), were included. Median duration of HIV, HBV infections and TDF therapy was 10.3 (0.6-22), 9.8 (0.5-16), and 3.3 (0.5- 6.8) years, respectively. Median baseline CD4 count was 506 (175-1316)/mm3. HIV viral load was <50 copies/ml in 49 (96%) patients. Nine (18%) patients stopped PegIFN prematurely. Ten (20%) patients experienced HBeAg loss at W72 and four (8%) patients had a HBV sustained response. No HBs seroconversion was observed. Only patients with more than 350 CD4/mm3 at baseline achieved HBe loss. HBeAg level >10 PEI U/ml at W12 or a quantitative HBsAg decline <0.5 log IU/ml at W24 had 100% and 84% negative predictive values for response, respectively. Conclusions: 48-week PegIFN additional therapy to cART including TDF did not significantly increase the HBe seroconversion rate, despite an HBeAg loss in 20% of the patients. HBe and HBs kinetics may nevertheless be of help in tailoring and optimising this strategy. ER  - 
A Retrospective Study of Polyallergy as a Marker of Nonepileptic Seizures in the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit$$$ Background: Distinguishing epileptic seizures from nonepileptic seizures (NES) can be difficult, given their similar motoric manifestations and a common comorbidity. Although video electroencephalography in an epilepsy monitoring unit ideally remains the gold standard for the identification of NES, a number of "soft signs" have been proposed to indicate a greater likelihood that convulsive episodes are NES rather than epileptic in nature. Trainees at our institution have cited the presence of multiple listed allergies as indicative of a higher likelihood of NES. Objective: The goal of this study was to provide a statistical analysis of polyallergy and its association with patients with NES admitted for video electroencephalograph monitoring. Methods: Records of all epilepsy monitoring unit patients at St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center between 2006 and 2012 were reviewed for age, sex, electroencephalograph diagnosis, antiepileptic drugs previously tried, and allergy number. Results: A total of 1834 patient records were used for analysis. The group classified as nonepileptic had the highest average number of allergies at 1.56, whereas the group classified as epileptic had the lowest average number of allergies at 0.70. A logistic regression model revealed that for every increase in the number of allergies greater than zero, the odds of being nonepileptic increases by 1.38 times. Conclusions: This study supports polyallergy as a predictive sign for NES. Based on a logistic regression model, we claim that each additional allergy is associated with an increase in the likelihood of a nonepileptic diagnosis by 38%. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and suicide: A systematic review of adverse effects$$$ Background: Since the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) report on antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and suicide risk was released (2008), several studies have been published on this controversial relationship. This systematic review (SR) gives an updated approach to this health issue. Summary: We searched 6 databases. We ultimately included 11 publications: 4 cohort studies, 1 case-crossover study, 2 community case-control studies, and 4 SRs. Overall, 1 SR described studies already included; 3 studies reported a 2-to 4-fold overall increase in risk; 1 study reported an increased risk of suicide among epilepsy patients on AEDs with high risk of depression; 1study showed a protective effect among epilepsy patients; 2 studies were conducted with patients with bipolar disorder (1 showed a protective effect, whereas the other showed a 3-fold increase in risk of suicide), and the other 3 studies reported results for single AEDs. Several biases affected the published results. Key Messages: There is no clear evidence of an association between the use of AEDs and an increased risk of suicide because of the heterogeneity in the studies at the clinical and methodological level. A future study should cover all indications for use, retrieve information from a healthcare database, and include a defined set of covariates to avoid bias. ER  - 
Neurological manifestations of alcohol consumption at tertiary care centre$$$ Background: Alcohol consumption has serious economic, social and medical consequences. Chronic alcohol consumption can lead to serious medical consequences especially neurologic disorder. So far there is scanty of literature about neurological manifestations of alcohol consumption in India and overseas. Aims & Objectives: To study the various neurological manifestations, clinical profile and prognostic factors of patients admitted with history of alcohol consumption. Material & Method: This was a retrospective, observational study, which included 312 alcoholic patients admitted in the medicine department, during one year period (January 2012 to December 2012). Data was analysed by SPSS statistical package trial version 11. Results: A total 312 (3.28%) were admitted with significant history of alcohol consumption. All patients were males with age >15 yrs. Out of 312 patients 146 (46.8%) had neurological manifestations at the time of presentation. Out of 146 patients 13 (8.92%) had ischemic stroke, 2 (1.36%) had intracranial hemorrhage and 3 (2.08%) had cortical venous sinus thrombosis. and 10 (6.84 %) with seizures. A total 7 (4.81 %) presented with hypoglycemia, 5 (3.42 %) presented with meningitis, and 2 (1.36%) presented with neuropathy. A total 36 (24.65 %) had alcohol withdrawal syndrome and 38 (26.02 %) patients were admitted with alcohol intoxication and 30 (20.54 %) presented with Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome. Total 25 (8.01 %) patients succumbed with alcohol consumption. Out of 25 deaths 12 (48 %) deaths were associated with neurological manifestations and 13 (52 %) with non neurological complications. Total deaths were 25 (8.01%) with mean age of 50.96 ± 8.7 yrs. Mortality was associated with increasing age hypoglycemia and seizures in neurological complications ('p'<0.0231). Conclusions: Half of patients with alcohol consumption had neurological manifestations and associated morbidity and mortality. Alcohol withdrawal syndrome, W-K syndrome and alcohol intoxication were common neurological manifestation. Mortality was more associated with neurological manifestations compared to the non-neurological complication. ER  - 
Optimism on quality of life in Portuguese chronic patients: Moderator/mediator?$$$ Objective: optimism is an important variable that has consistently been shown to affect adjustment to quality of life in chronic diseases. This study aims to clarify if dispositional optimism exerts a moderating or a mediating influence on the personality traits-quality of life association, in Portuguese chronic patients. Methods: multiple regression models were used to test the moderation and mediation effects of dispositional optimism in quality of life. A sample of 729 patients was recruited in Portugal's main hospitals and completed self-reported questionnaires assessing socio-demographic and clinical variables, personality, dispositional optimism, quality of life (QoL) and subjective well-being (SWB). Results: the results of the regression models showed that dispositional optimism did not moderate the relationships between personality traits and quality of life. After controlling for gender, age, education level and severity of disease perception, the effects of personality traits on QoL and in SWB were mediated by dispositional optimism (partially and completely), except for the links between neuroticism/openness to experience and physical health. Conclusion: dispositional optimism is more likely to play a mediating, rather than a moderating role in personality traits-quality of life pathway in Portuguese chronic patients, suggesting that "the expectation that good things will happen" contributes to a better quality of life and subjective well-being. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures and psychoanalytical treatment: Results$$$ Background: the occurrence of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) is estimated to be between 2 to 33 cases in every 100,000 inhabitants. The number of patients with PNES reaches 19% of those treated as epileptics. Patients with PNES are treated as if they had intractable epilepsy, with unsatisfactory results even after medication treatment is used to its maximum. The aim of this study is to present the effects of individual psychoanalytical treatment in patients with PNES, assessing its impact in the evolution of the clinical picture and its association with sex, time of disease, social, psychological and professional harm, as well as going through with treatment. Methods: The case base was composed of 37 patients with PNES. The diagnosis was reached with video-EEG monitoring. Psychoanalytical treatment was carried out through 12 months of weekly sessions timed for around 50-minutes each, in a total of 48 individual sessions. Results: This study found a high rate of success in the treatment of PNES patients. 29.7% (n=11) of patients had cessation or cure of symptoms and 51.4% (n=19) had a decrease in the number of episodes. There is an association between cessation or decrease in the number of episodes and sex (p<0.01), religion (p<0.01) and concluding treatment (p<0.01). Conclusion: Individual psychoanalytical treatment applied to patients with PNES is considered effective and can be an essential form of assistance for the reduction or cessation of episodes. ER  - 
Impact of somatic comorbidities on quality of life of patients living with epilepsy in Sagamu, Nigeria$$$ Purpose: Somatic comorbidities are probably as important as the psychiatry comorbidities in people with epilepsy (PWE) although the former has received little attention especially in low- and middle-income countries where the incidence of epilepsy is high. The main objective of this study was to determine the frequencies of somatic comorbidities in PWE. We also compared quality of life of two groups of PWE: Those with somatic comorbidities and those without. Methods: In this comparative cross-sectional study, consecutive adult patients with epilepsy above 18 years of age were recruited at the neurology outpatient clinic of Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital from July 2010 through March 2011. Epilepsy-related data and somatic comorbidities were collated in this population. Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and depression were also measured using QOLIE-31(version 1.0) and Becks depression inventory II (BDI-II), respectively. Results: One hundred and two PWE were recruited with 31 (30.4%) having at least one somatic comorbidity. Hypertension (OR = 12.43), dyspepsia (OR = 8.16), and stroke (OR = undefined) were significantly prevalent among PWE who are ≥50 years old. Energy was significantly lower among patients with comorbidities, and patients with multiple comorbidities had worse quality of life than those with single comorbidity (P = 0.006). Conclusion: Somatic comorbidity is prevalent in this population with significant impact on their quality of life. We emphasize the need to screen for and reduce the numbers of somatic comorbidities in PWE as this can improve their quality of life. Copyright ER  - 
Generalized epilepsy and febrile seizures plus (GEFS+) in a series of 22 patients$$$ Genetic epilepsies and their cognitive-behavioral traits have been described in various reviews. Nevertheless, it is difficult to find studies about generalized epilepsy and febrile seizures plus (GEFS+) displaying detailed descriptions of its neuropsychological comorbidities. We intend to describe the clinical picture of children with GEFS+, and its comorbidities, emphasizing cognitive-behavioral conditions, and also to find associations that may contribute to the development of these disorders. We reviewed clinical records from 22 patients diagnosed with GEFS+, based on clinical and family history (no genetic tests were conducted). Most of follow-up visits were with one of us (M. Devilat), over the period 1996-2011. Mean follow-up time was 5.3 yr (1-11 yr). Our investigation focused on the associated diagnoses: conduct disorder, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), specific language impairment (SLI), specific learning disorders and intellectual disability (ID). Assessment for possible associations (i.e. age at onset, seizure-free period) was conducted. A total of 15 patients (68.18%) fulfilled the diagnostic criteria of these co-morbidities. The prevalence for each disorder was as follows: ADHD-six patients (27.27%); conduct disorder-five patients (22.73%); ID, SLI and specific learning disorders-four patients (18.18%) each. Among associated factors, long-lasting seizures and onset of seizures before 12 mo of life were statistically related to ID (P = 0.02 and P = 0.04, respectively). A normal electroencephalogram was predominant in patients with SLI (P = 0.01). We conclude that neuropsychological disorders are common among patients with GEFS+, ADHD being the most frequent diagnosis. Various factors including long-lasting epilepsy and early age of onset may be associated with cognitive disorders. ER  - 
Rapid response to methylphenidate as an add-on therapy to mirtazapine in the treatment of major depressive disorder in terminally ill cancer patients: A four-week, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study$$$ This is a 4 week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to examine the effects of methylphenidate as add-on therapy to mirtazapine compared to placebo for treatment of depression in terminally ill cancer patients. It involved 88 terminally ill cancer patients from University of Malaya Medical Centre, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. They were randomized and treated with either methylphenidate or placebo as add on to mirtazapine. The change in Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score from baseline to day 3 was analyzed by linear regression. Changes of MADRS and Clinical Global Impression-Severity Scale (CGI-S) over 28 days were analyzed using mixed model repeated measures (MMRM). Secondary analysis of MADRS response rates, defined as 50% or more reduction from baseline score. A significantly larger reduction of Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score in the methylphenidate group was observed from day 3 (B=4.14; 95% CI=1.83-6.45). Response rate (defined as 50% or more reduction from baseline MADRS score) in the methylphenidate treated group was superior from day 14. Improvement in Clinical Global Impression-Severity Scale (CGI-S) was greater in the methylphenidate treated group from day 3 until day 28. The drop-out rates were 52.3% in the methylphenidate group and 59.1% in the placebo group (relative risk=0.86, 95%CI=0.54-1.37) due to cancer progression. Nervous system adverse events were more common in methylphenidate treated subjects (20.5% vs 9.1%, p=0.13). In conclusions, methylphenidate as add on therapy to mirtazapine demonstrated an earlier antidepressant response in terminally ill cancer patients, although at an increased risk of the nervous system side effects. ER  - 
Medicinal Marijuana for Epilepsy: A Case Series Study$$$ Objective: To describe the social, clinical and use-patterns characteristics of medicinal marijuana use among patients with epilepsy (PWEs). Methods: Eighteen PWEs with prescriptions for medicinal marijuana from a Canadian adult-epilepsy clinic were included in this study. Results: Eighteen patients had a prescription of medicinal marijuana from a total population of 800 PWEs in our center (2.2%). Mean age of patients was 30±7.4 (19-50) years. Twelve (67%) patients were males. Eleven (61%) patients had drug-resistant epilepsy. Eleven (61%) patients suffered a psychiatric comorbidity and reported the use of illicit substances or heavy alcohol or tobacco consumption. Only two (11%) patients were married; the rest of patients (89%) were single or divorced. The drug use pattern was similar among patients. All patients asked for marijuana permission in the epilepsy clinic. Most (83%) had a previous history of marijuana smoking, with a mean of 6.6±3 (1-15) years. The mean consumption dose was 2.05±1.8 (0.5-8) grams per day. Ten (56%) patients reported withdrawal seizure exacerbation when they stopped the marijuana. Only two patients (11%) reported side effects, and all patients found medicinal marijuana very helpful for seizure control and improvement of mood disorder. Conclusions: PWEs using medicinal marijuana have a common profile. They are usually young single men with drug-resistant epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidity. Most used marijuana before formal prescription and all believe the drug was effective on their seizure control. Because of the concurrent use of other antiseizure medications, it is complex to estimate the actual effect of marijuana. ER  - 
Reproductive health of women with and without disabilities in South India, the SIDE study (South India Disability Evidence) study: A case control study$$$ Background: Evidence shows that women with disability have adverse pregnancy outcomes compared to those without a disability. There is a lack of published data on reproductive health of women with disability in India till date. The objective of the South India Disability Evidence (SIDE) Study was to compare reproductive health parameters including pregnancy experience, health access during pregnancy and type of delivery among women with disability compared to women with no disability. Methods: The study was conducted in one district each in two States (Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka) in 2012. A case-control design was used to identify appropriate age and sex-matched controls for women with disability identified through a population-based survey. Trained key informants first listed women with disabilities who were then examined by a medical team to confirm the diagnosis. Trained research investigators administered questionnaire schedules to both groups of women to collect information on reproductive health and outcomes of any pregnancy experienced in the past two years. Results: A total of 247 women with disability and 324 age-matched controls aged 15-45 years were recruited for the study. 87% of the women with disability had a physical disability. The mean age of women with disability was 29.86 against 29.71 years among women without a disability. A significantly lower proportion of women with disability experienced pregnancy (36.8%) compared to women without a disability (X2 -16.02 P < 0.001). The odds ratio for suffering from diabetes among women with disability compared to women without a disability was 19.3 (95% CI: 1.2- 313.9), while it was 9.5 (95% CI: 2.2-40.8) for depression. A higher proportion of women without a disability (7.7%) compared to women with a disability (5.3%) reported a successful pregnancy in the past two years. There were no statistically significant differences between women with and without a disability with regard to utilization of antenatal care and pregnancy outcomes. Conclusions: The study provides evidence on some reproductive health parameters of women with disability in India for the first time ever. The findings will help in formulating policy and to develop specific interventions to improve pregnancy outcomes for women with disability in India. ER  - 
Characterization of microarray chromosomal analysis for clinical use in a cohort of patients with childhood absence epilepsy$$$ Rationale: Established and recent literature implicates specific chromosomal aberrations as a cause for the channelopathies leading to Childhood absence epilepsy. Susceptibility to the development of childhood absence epilepsy may be conferred by variation in several genes including: JRK (8q24), GABRG2 gene (5q31.1), GABRA1 (5q34); GABRB3 (15q11-q12), SCN1B (19q13.1) and CACNA1H (16p13). The main purpose of this retrospective study is to characterize the clinical use of microarray chromosomal analysis, in a cohort of patients with childhood absence epilepsy. Methods: Chart review of a cohort of patients with childhood absence Epilepsy for the past 5 years (January 2008 to January 2013). Cases were classified as: A- refractory childhood absence (failed Valproate, ethosuximide, lamotrigine individually or in combination), B- With suspected comorbidity (different from ADHD, accompanied by delay or dimorphisms) or C- Presenting at early onset, early onset childhood absence epilepsy (ECAE, before age 3 years). Results: 64 cases were reviewed. A- 6 cases were refractory, B- 4 cases presented with mild nonspecific facial dimorphisms such as low set ears, broad forehead, or long filtrum and C- 5 cases of ECAE. Only in 5 cases was microarray chromosomal analysis requested: 3 children with developmental delay and non-specific dimorphism and 59 2 in children with behavioral and learning difficulties. In 3 cases microarray was positive: 1- 22q large deletion in a female with mild dimorphisms and delay, diagnosed by genetics as NOT velocardiofacial syndrome. 2- Micro deletion on chromosome 19 in a female with microcephaly and global delay. 3- 2p16.3 in a male with ECAE, and predominantly severe language delay. Normal microarray was reported in 2 patients with learning disabilities. There were no cases of glucose transporter defect type 1. This test was requested in only 2 of the 5 cases with ECAE, of which all responded well to 1 anticonvulsant. Conclusions: In this cohort of patients with childhood absence epilepsy, the use of microarray was low, considering novel indications include developmental delay of unknown etiology and autism. Chromosomal abnormalities were found by microarray analysis in more than half of the patients presenting with non-specific dimorphisms and learning, cognitive or behavioral comorbidities. Therefore, the routine use of microarray testing may be considered to be indicated in all such cases of childhood absence epilepsy. Further genetic analysis of those chromosomal deletions found is necessary in at least 1 case (2p16.3) since susceptibility to the development of childhood absence epilepsy was not found reported in the literature. ER  - 
The diagnostic value of serum prolactin levels in the epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ Rationale: In this retrospective study we evaluated the usefulness of repeated serum prolactin measurements in patients admitted to the epilepsy monitoring unit to distinguish psychogenic non-epileptic seizures from epileptic seizures. Methods: The medical records of 607 consecutive patients admitted to the EMU between 2009 and 2012 were reviewed. All patients had a baseline serum prolactin level obtained upon admission and within 30 minutes following a clinical event. A significant elevation of serum prolactin was defined as twice the patient's baseline value. The diagnosis of psychogenic non epileptic seizures versus epileptic seizures was confirmed by video EEG. Results: Out of 607 patients admitted to the EMU, 389 were excluded because they did not have a clinical event or incomplete information. Therefore 218 patients were included in the analysis. There are 59 males and 159 females (age range 15-84 years). There are 146 patients diagnosed with PNES and 42 had elevated serum prolactin representing 28.8% of false positive indicators. Nine patients with GTC seizures and 13 with CPS and secondary generalization all had signification elevation of serum prolactin. Four out of five patients with simple partial seizures had elevated serum prolactin. There were 32 patients with CPS and 5 of them did not have elevated serum prolactin representing 15.6% of false negative levels. Conclusions: This observation demonstrates that serum prolactin has no added diagnostic value in the EMU and may confuse the clinical diagnosis by the addition of false positive and false negative results. Furthermore, measurements of serum prolactin add unnecessary blood draws and financial burden to the patients. Therefore, we recommend that serum prolactin levels should not be obtained routinely in the EMU. ER  - 
The prevalence of psychiatric comorbidity and recreational drug use in epileptic and nonepileptic events is high$$$ Rationale: There is a recognized associations between most substance use disorders and independent mood and anxiety disorders. This relationship has been well documented in a range of populationbased studies. The objective of this study is to systematically analyze the relationship between recreational drug use (alcohol, cannabinoids, heroin, cocaine, ecstasy, amphetamines and LSD) and psychiatric comorbidity in patients with epileptic and non-epileptic seizures. We attempted to establish associations between different psychiatric comorbidities and recreational drugs use in psycogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: We conducted a double cohort retrospective study comparing patients with epileptic and psycogenic non-epileptic seizures. We reviewed 166 charts of patients admitted to epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) from July 2010 to July 2012 at the epilepsy center at the Cleveland Clnic Florida. Then, compared the following variables in these 2 different cohorts (Epileptic vs PNES): gender, age, psychiatric comorbidities including anxiety, depression, bipolar disorder, alcoholism, generalized anxiety disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, and schizophrenia. Finally, we also reviewed if the drug screen was positive on admission or if the patient admitted to illicit drug use as part of the admission history. Results: The study population was composed of 166 patients: 40 (24%) patients with PNES and 126 (76%) with epileptic seizures. The mean age was 44 (SD=15.1) in the PNES and 43 (SD=15.8) in the epileptic patients. There were 27 (67.5 %) females in the PNES group and 84 (66.7%) in the epileptic group. The most frequent 96 psychiatric comorbidity found in both group of patients was depression, 27.5% (n=11) in PNES group and 8.7% (n=11) in the epileptic cohort. Anxiety was found in 15% (n=6) in the PNES group and 2.4% (n=3) in the epileptic patients. We found a significant association between psychiatric comorbidities and PNES (OR:5.46; CI:2.5-11.7). Depression (OR: 3.96; CI:1,6-10.5) and anxiety (OR: 7.23; CI:1.7-30.4) were significantly associated with PNES as well. Regarding recreational drug use, 22.5% (n=9) and 23.8% (n=30) were found to use recreational drugs in the PNES vs epileptic group respectively. There was no significant association between recreational drug use and PNES (?2(1) = 0.03, p=0.86). Conclusions: In the present study, we found that the proportion of psychiatric comorbidities is much higher in patients with PNES than in patients with epileptic seizures. We also did not find a significant association between recreational drug use and PNES. The prevalence of illicit drug use was found to be higher in patients with PNES and epileptic seizures when compared with the general population. Finally, given the high prevalence of illicit drug use and psychiatric comorbitities, our findings support the important role of the psychiatric evaluation and treatment of these conditions in patients with epilepsy and PNES. ER  - 
Comorbidity burden among medicaid beneficiaries with epilepsy$$$ Rationale: Medicaid beneficiaries, who represent the lowest socioeconomic stratum of the US population, suffer from disabling physical and/or mental ailments. They have been found to have substantially high incidence and prevalence of epilepsy. Epilepsy is associated with numerous comorbidities, which can complicate diagnosis and/or have adverse prognostic implications. In order to accurately assess the burden of epilepsy, the data on comorbid conditions are critically needed. To date, very few studies, if any, have examined the burden of comorbidities among Medicaid beneficiaries with epilepsy. The aim of this study was to examine the patterns of comorbidities in adult Medicaid beneficiaries with and without epilepsy. Methods: We used the 2005-2008 Ohio Medicaid Analytic Extract (MAX) data for this cross sectional study. Our study population included beneficiaries aged 18-64, who were not enrolled in the managed care program or Medicare program, and, did not have a period of spend down. We measured the prevalence of 45 common comorbid conditions that were selected based on their commonality in persons with epilepsy (PWE) and, compared them to that of adults without epilepsy in the cohort, using prevalence ratios (PR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Results: Among the 232,898medicaid beneficiaries from 2005 to 2008, we identified 6,140 prevalent cases of epilepsy. The age distribution of PWE was similar to that of people without epilepsy. Compared to persons without epilepsy, PWE had significantly higher prevalence of chronic conditions, particularly benign brain tumor (PR=22.9, 95% CI (15.5, 33.9)), developmental disorder (PR=19.6, 95%CI (18.8, 20.4)), dementia (PR=19.4, 95%CI (17.4, 21.5)), traumatic brain injury (PR=19.2, 95%CI (16.9, 21.8)), intracranial hemorrhage (PR=18.7, 95%CI (15.7, 22.3)), osteoporosis (PR=15.4, 95%CI (14.0, 18.5)), brain cancer (PR=15.4, 95%CI (12.6, 18.9)), sleep disorders (PR=15.1, 95%CI (9.0, 25.3)) and ischemic stroke (PR=14.2, 95%CI (13.0, 15.5)). Similarly, the prevalence of 200 schizophrenia (PR=7.4, 95%CI (6.9, 8.0)), bipolar disorder (PR=5.5, 95%CI (5.2, 6)), anxiety disorder (PR=4.1, 95%CI (3.8, 4.5)), attention deficit disorder (PR=4.1, 95%CI (3.4, 4.9)) and depressive disorder (PR=4.0, 95%CI (3.8, 4.2)) were also significantly higher in PWE. Conclusions: Medicaid beneficiaries with epilepsy have substantially high prevalence of chronic comorbid conditions than those without epilepsy. This indigent population carries a disproportionate amount of the burden from both epilepsy and its comorbidities. A comprehensive plan including prevention, identification and adequate treatment for these comorbidities need to be integrated into epilepsy management at all levels of care. ER  - 
Factors associated with post-ictal psychosis$$$ Rationale: The neuropsychiatric syndrome of post-ictal psychosis (PIP) requires prompt diagnosis and management. However, this condition remains little studied with mostly case reports and small sample series comprising the state of knowledge. This study describes the phenomenology of PIP and then compares epilepsyrelated factors in patients who experienced an episode of PIP with those that have no such history (EPI). Methods: This was a retrospective chart review project with data collected from patients seen on the inpatient service at the Minnesota Epilepsy Group, P.A. Two groups (PIP: N = 8; EPI: N = 8) were identified and matched for age, gender, and education. They were then compared on a number of epilepsy-related variables including duration of epilepsy, full scale IQ, AEDs, history of epilepsy surgery, and past psychiatric history. Also reported are psychiatric, imaging, seizure type, and EEG characteristics for the PIP group. Results: The most prominent symptoms of psychosis were hallucinations (88%), delusions (75%), agitation (63%), and paranoia (50%). 75% developed the PIP following a cluster of seizures. The interval from seizure onset to first symptoms of PIP was on average 43 hours. 86% of the PIP group had a structural abnormality on MRI with 57% exhibiting mesial temporal sclerosis (1 R, 1 L, 2 Bilat). On video-EEG, left temporal (43%) and bi-temporal (43%) lobe seizure onset was most frequently observed in the PIP group. Complexpartial seizures with and without secondary generalization was seen in 100% of the PIP group. Between group analyses revealed statistically significant differences for duration of epilepsy (27.25 vs. 13.75 years, p = .009), number of AEDs (2.88 vs. 1.50, p = .004), and prior surgery (50% vs. 0%, p = .021). Prior surgeries for the PIP group included 2 LTL, 1 RTL, and 1 LF topectomy. The two groups were comparable with respect to general intelligence (FSIQ = 90 vs. 98), prior psychiatric history (38% each) and use of specific AEDs. Conclusions: These findings characterize a sample of persons with epilepsy who developed an episode of PIP. Risk factors appear to be longer duration of epilepsy, greater number of AEDs, and prior epilepsy surgery. Specific AED use, general cognitive ability, and past psychiatric history did not appear to be associated with the development of PIP. This project will provide the impetus for a longitudinal study on PIP with the aim of empirically identifying predictors and management strategies for this unique condition. ER  - 
Effects of eslicarbazepine acetate on serum lipids in statin users and non-users: Pooled analysis of placebo-controlled trials$$$ Rationale: Disturbances in serum lipid profiles have been reported following treatment with some anti epileptic drugs (AEDs) (Chuang YC et al, Epilepsia 2012;53:120-8). Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is a once-daily antiepileptic, extensively and rapidly converted to eslicarbazepine after oral administration. Eslicarbazepine stabilizes the inactivated state of voltage-gated sodium channels and blocks Ttype voltage-gated calcium channels. ESL was approved in 2009 by the European Medicines Agency as adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset seizures (POS), with or without secondary generalization. ESL is in clinical development for the treatment of POS in the United States but it is not approved. Interaction studies have shown that ESL decreases exposure to simvastatin and rosuvastatin. This post-hoc analysis assessed the effect of ESL on serum lipid profiles, according to statin use at baseline. Methods: A post-hoc analysis of 8 placebo-controlled trials (3 phase III epilepsy trials and 5 phase II non-epilepsy trials) was performed. The epilepsy trials recruited patients aged >16 or >18 years with POS not adequately controlled with 1-2 or 1-3 AEDs. After an 8-week baseline, patients were randomized to QD placebo or ESL 400mg (2 studies only), 800mg, or 1200mg. Patients then entered a 2-week, double-blind titration phase followed by a 12-week double-blind, fixed-dose maintenance phase. Non-epilepsy phase II trials were performed in patients with bipolar disorder, postherpetic neuralgia, migraine, and fibromyalgia and featured treatment periods of 3-14 weeks; ESL was administered QD or BID at doses of 400- 2400mg/day. For both epilepsy and non-epilepsy trials, changes in serum lipid levels from baseline to the final visit were calculated and pooled by use or non-use of statins at baseline. Results: A total of 426 placebo-treated and 1021 ESL-treated patients were included in the epilepsy trials analysis, of whom 18 (4.2%) and 46 (4.5%), respectively, were statin users. Concomitant statin use in the ESL-treated patients included simvastatin (n=23), atorvastatin (n=12), fluvastatin (n=2), lovastatin (n=3), pravastatin (n=6) and rosuvastatin (n=4). The non-epilepsy trials analysis included 411 placebo-treated patients and 1294 ESL-treated patients (median daily dose in the ESL group, 755mg; median duration of ESL exposure, 64 days). In these trials, 19 (4.6%) and 98 (7.6%) of placebo- and ESL-treated patients, respectively, were statin users. Changes in serum lipid levels are shown in Tables 1 and 2. Conclusions: In non-statin users, ESL did not have a clinically significant impact on serum lipid levels. Although only a low number of statin users participated in the analyzed trials, the impact of ESL on serum lipids in these patients was small, despite the fact that over half were taking a statin known to be induced by ESL. This suggests that the induction of statin metabolism by ESL may not be clinically relevant, thereby obviating dose adjustment or alternative lipidlowering therapy in ESL-treated patients. 216 Table 1. Mean±SD change (mg/dL) in lipids from baseline to end of study/early-termination visit in phase III epilepsy trials ESL=eslicarbazepine acetate; HDL=high-density lipoprotein; LDL=low-density lipoprotein; SD=standard deviation. Table 2. Mean±SD change (mg/dL) in lipids from baseline to end of study/early-termination visit in non-epilepsy phase II trials ESL=eslicarbazepine acetate; HDL=high-density lipoprotein; LDL=low-density lipoprotein; SD=standard deviation. (Table Persented)(Table Persented). ER  - 
Mood disorder in patients with multiple sclerosis and epilepsy$$$ Rationale: The prevalence of depression and anxiety disorder in multiple sclerosis (MS) (50%) and epilepsy (30%) is significantly elevated relative to the general population. Yet, little is known regarding the frequency of mood disorder in those individuals with both diagnoses. The goal of this retrospective study was to determine the risk of mood disorder when both epilepsy and MS co-exist the same person. Methods: Retrospective patient chart review from patients followed by our Multiple Sclerosis or Epilepsy subspecialists evaluated between 12/2002 and 4/2013. Eligibility criteria: diagnosis of MS, diagnosis of epilepsy with onset concurrent or following the MS diagnosis, age 18 and older, and presence of an MS lesion which could account for seizures. Individuals with idiopathic epilepsy and other neurological disorders were excluded. The diagnoses of MS and epilepsy were established by the respective subspecialists. Psychiatric diagnoses were determined by a psychiatrist to whom all patients reporting or observed to have mood disturbances were referred. The data collected included: MS subtype, duration of illness, history of disease modifying therapy, epilepsy subtype, epilepsy duration, electroencephalogram (EEG) findings, antiepileptic medication history, seizure frequency, psychiatric diagnosis, psychiatric treatments, and neuroimaging findings. Results: A total of 13 individuals had both MS and epilepsy and met the study's eligibility criteria. Eleven of the 13 patients (85%) were referred to psychiatry due to concerns regarding a mood disorder. All eleven were diagnosed with depression, anxiety disorder, or both. An Axis I diagnosis of mood disorder was found in 11/13 (85%), with depressive disorder in 10/13 (77%), anxiety disorder in 4/13 (31%), and both anxiety and depression in 3.13 (23%). Mood disorder treatment consisted of either a selective serotonin receptor inhibitor (SSRI) in 7/13 (54%), two SSRI's in 2/13 (15%), two antipsychotics in 1/13 (7%), SSRI and benzodiazepine were prescribed in 1/13 (7%), and a benzodiazepine alone in 1/13 (7%). Individuals with either relapsing MS 7/13 (54%) or progressive MS 6/13 (47%) were equally likely to have a mood disorder. Most patients had good seizure control defined as seizure free for greater than one year. A total of 8/13 (61%) required monotherapy; two patients were treated additionally with gabapentin for pain, and two received benzodiazepine for mood related problems. Polytherapy for epilepsy was necessary in three (15%). Conclusions: Patients with comorbid diagnoses of MS and epilepsy are at great risk for depression, anxiety disorder, or both. Such individuals should be screened for mood disorder; and psychiatric treatment initiated when indicated as mood disorder is closely linked to quality of life. AED= antiepileptic drug, RRMS= relapsing remitting MS, PMS= primary progressive MS, SSRI= selective serotonin receptor inhibitor ∗ n= 11 ∗∗ 1 patient on 2 SSRI's(Figure Persented). ER  - 
What a “drop-out” reveals about the impact of the nocebo effect in patients with epilepsy$$$ Rationale: A nocebo effect, a negative response due solely to expectation, has been largely overlooked by researchers and clinicians, but has accounted for considerable discontinuation rates in medical trials. We report a case of the nocebo phenomenon leading to withdrawal from a controlled epilepsy study in a patient who was “generic-brittle” with a history of worsened seizures with generic lamotrigine (LTG) switching. “Bioequivalence in Epilepsy Patients” (BEEP) is an outpatient bioequivalence study of the brand name Lamictal versus the leading generic LTG product. The study design is double blinded and fully replicated. Epilepsy subjects are dosed two periods with Lamictal and two with generic product, totaling four randomized periods. Methods: Subject 009 was enrolled into BEEP and randomized to a sequence and blinded to LTG manufacturer (brand or generic) by tablet overencapsulation. Methods included scheduled contacts, 389 diaries and pill counting for dosing adherence and adverse event reporting. Subject 009 completed the first three periods (2 weeks per period) and less than four days of the final period. Results: Results indicate a case of a nocebo effect under controlled clinical trial conditions. The subject dropped out of this study in the final arm due to self-identified adverse mood effects and increased seizures. Prior to enrolling, the subject believed that generic LTG product from Cadista was effective, while that from Northstar caused increased seizures. Throughout the study, the subject exhibited an active awareness to switching between brand and generic, albeit not an accurate one. Drug doses were missed or delayed on only two occasions. Within a few days after starting period 1, involving Lamictal, subject 009 reported an exacerbation of seizures. On day 7 of period 2, which involved generic product, the subject wrote “No episodes. Now, I think this is the name brand.” The last half of period 1 (brand) and all of periods 2 (generic) and 3 (brand) were unremarkable. When just switched to period 4 (generic), adverse events were almost immediate. We suspect the subject recalled a long period of successful outcomes, and therefore expected and perceived adverse effects with the last switch. On day 2 of period 4, the subject described feeling fearful, depressed, and paranoid, and experienced two seizures. Subsequent seizures on days 3 and 4 (“this last switch was causing seizures”) led to termination on day 5 from the study. On day 6, subject was seizure-free and reported feeling “90% better” and predicted “will be 100 % tomorrow“. Thereafter, subject was at baseline and seizure-free. Conclusions: Our epilepsy subject appears to have experienced a nocebo effect of sufficient severity to warrant withdrawal from a blinded bioequivalence study of brand versus generic lamotrigine. That the nocebo effect may, similarly, account for reported sensitivity to product switching in other vulnerable patients should be considered in future studies of generic equivalence. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and mental health status of patients with epilepsy$$$ Many patients with epilepsy suffer also from coexisting psychological problems. These mental co-morbidities have a significant impact on quality of life of patients with epilepsy. Recent studies have shown that although antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) treat epilepsy, they may increase risk of mental disorders in these patients. Due to the lack of adequate research in this area, we assessed psychiatric disorders in patients with idiopathic tonic-clonic seizure who were treated with antiepileptic drugs. This descriptive-cross-sectional research was conducted on 170 patients with tonic-clonic seizure using the SCL-90-R questionnaire and the results were analyzed by descriptive statistics, T test and chi-square test. The prevalence of psychiatric disorders in patients was 38.8%. All antiepileptic drugs were associated with different kind of mental disorders but there wasn't any relationship between mental disorders and any type of antiepileptic drug except psychosis that was significantly lower in sodium valproate consumers (p ≤ 0.001). Our findings show that a subgroup of epileptic patients is generally prone to develop mental disorders during antiepileptic therapy, despite different pharmacological properties of the AEDs. Negative psychotropic effects of AEDs should be considered in treatment of patients with epilepsy. © 2013 by Iran University of Medical Sciences (IUMS). ER  - 
Multimorbidity in bipolar disorder and undertreatment of cardiovascular disease: A cross sectional study$$$ Background: Individuals with serious mental disorders experience poor physical health, especially increased rates of cardiometabolic morbidity and premature morbidity. Recent evidence suggests that individuals with schizophrenia have numerous comorbid physical conditions that may be under-recorded and undertreated, but to date very few studies have explored this issue for bipolar disorder.Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of a dataset of 1,751,841 registered patients within 314 primary care practices in Scotland, UK. Bipolar disorder was identified using Read Codes recorded within electronic medical records. Data on 32 common chronic physical conditions were also assessed. Potential prescribing inequalities were evaluated by analysing prescribing data for coronary heart disease (CHD) and hypertension.Results: Compared to controls, individuals with bipolar disorder were significantly less likely to have no recorded physical conditions (OR 0.59, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.63) and significantly more likely to have one physical condition (OR 1.27, 95% CI 1.16 to 1.39), two physical conditions (OR 1.45, 95% CI 1.30 to 1.62) and three or more physical conditions (OR 1.44, 95% CI 1.30 to 1.64). People with bipolar disorder also had higher rates of thyroid disorders, chronic kidney disease, chronic pain, chronic obstructive airways disease and diabetes but, surprisingly, lower recorded rates of hypertension and atrial fibrillation. People with bipolar disorder and comorbid CHD or hypertension were significantly more likely to be prescribed no antihypertensive or cholesterol-lowering medications compared to controls, and bipolar individuals with CHD or hypertension were significantly less likely to be on two or more antihypertensive agents.Conclusions: Individuals with bipolar disorder are similar to individuals with schizophrenia in having a wide range of comorbid and multiple physical health conditions. They are also less likely than controls to have a primary-care record of cardiovascular conditions such as hypertension and atrial fibrillation. Those with a recorded diagnosis of CHD or hypertension were less likely to be treated with cardiovascular medications and were treated less intensively. This study highlights the high physical healthcare needs of people with bipolar disorder, and provides evidence for a systematic under-recognition and undertreatment of cardiovascular disease in this group. © 2013 Smith et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Cardiovascular disease in Latin American patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: A cross-sectional study and a systematic review$$$ Objective. This study was performed to determine the prevalence of and associated risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in Latin American (LA) patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods. First, a cross-sectional analytical study was conducted in 310 Colombian patients with SLE in whom CVD was assessed. Associated factors were examined by multivariate regression analyses. Second, a systematic review of the literature on CVD in SLE in LA was performed. Results. There were 133 (36.5%) Colombian SLE patients with CVD. Dyslipidemia, smoking, coffee consumption, and pleural effusion were positively associated with CVD. An independent effect of coffee consumption and cigarette on CVD was found regardless of gender and duration of disease. In the systematic review, 60 articles fulfilling the eligibility criteria were included. A wide range of CVD prevalence was found (4%-79.5%). Several studies reported ancestry, genetic factors, and polyautoimmunity as novel risk factors for such a condition. Conclusions. A high rate of CVD is observed in LA patients with SLE. Awareness of the observed risk factors should encourage preventive population strategies for CVD in patients with SLE aimed at facilitating the suppression of cigarette smoking and coffee consumption as well as at the tight control of dyslipidemia and other modifiable risk factors. © 2013 Jenny Amaya-Amaya et al. ER  - 
Major infections in a cohort of 120 patients with juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ In order to describe the incidence and characteristics of major infections in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (jSLE), we studied a cohort of 120 patients (51% Hispanic and 28% African American, 49% with renal involvement and 12% with neuropsychiatric manifestations). There were 101 major infections affecting 44 patients (37%) for an incidence of 169/1000 patient-years of follow-up. Active disease at jSLE diagnosis, renal involvement, neuropsychiatric manifestations, higher cumulative dose of prednisone, and treatment with cyclophosphamide or mycophenolate mofetil were all associated with major infection (p. <. 0.05). By logistic regression, the combined effect of treatment with cyclophosphamide and cumulative dose of prednisone was associated with major infection (p=0.04). Two patients died, one due to cytomegalovirus infection. Major infection was associated with damage (p=0.004). In conclusion, in a large cohort of jSLE patients, major infections were common, were associated with active disease and its treatment, and resulted in noteworthy morbidity. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Psychiatric symptoms in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: Frequency and association with disease activity using the adult psychiatric morbidity questionnaire$$$ Introduction: While the neurolupus criteria are well-established, global psychiatric manifestations are of variable frequency in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE); their relation with disease activity is unknown. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the frequency of psychiatric symptoms in SLE using the Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Questionnaire (APMQ); to correlate APMQ changes with disease activity and socio-economic variables. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study evaluated patients with active or inactive SLE as to the prevalence of psychiatric symptoms utilizing, for the first time, the APMQ. Eight or more affirmative replies out of 45 questions defined the APMQ as abnormal. Patients were classified according to the American College of Rheumatology 1997 criteria, and disease activity was measured by the SLEDAI. RESULTS: Seventy-two SLE patients entered the study, being 68 females (94.4%). Mean age was 46.1 years (± 12 SD).The frequency of abnormal APMQ was of 89%. Out of the 64 SLE patients with altered APMQ, 60 (93.7%) had common mental disorders, mostly anxiety and somatization. There was no correlation of psychiatric symptoms with active disease (rs = 0.09; P = 0.46), or with history of psychosis and/or seizures attributable to SLE (P = 1.00). Psychiatric symptoms also did not correlate with age at disease onset (rs = -0.16) or disease duration (rs = -0.11).There was an association of abnormal APMQ with low education level (P = 0.02), but not with family income allotted to the patient (P = 0.24). CONCLUSION: The frequency of psychiatric symptoms measured by the APMQ was high in our SLE population. An abnormal APMQ was disconnected from SLE activity, but it did associate with low education level. ER  - 
Psychometric properties and validation of Persian version of quality of life in epilepsy inventory (QOLIE-89)$$$ Background: Several epilepsy-specific quality of life questionnaires have been developed. One of them is quality of life in epilepsy-89 version. The objective of this study was to develop a Persian version of QOLE-89 and confirm its psychometric properties. Materials and Methods: Participants were 75 patients with epilepsy. The quality of life questionnaire was adapted to Persian language through a translation and translation-back procedure. Internal consistency by Cronbach's α, was determined and construct validity was assessed by correlation with GHQ-12 and BDI-PC and discriminant validity was confirmed by comparing scores for known groups. Results: Reliability based on internal consistency (Cronbach> α) for QOIE-89 was 0/96 and for 17 subscales was varied form 0/70 to 0/89 and Test-retest reliability (Pearson's correlation coefficient) for the Farsi version of the QOLIE-89 ranged from 0.75 to 0.88. Total score of QOLIE-89 discriminated well between the patients according to depression severity and drug resistance and seizure controllability. Correlation between the total scores, BDI-PC and GHQ-R to confirm construct validity was 0/55 and 0/63, respectively. Conclusion: In this cross-sectional survey, Persian version of the QOLIE-89 was reliable and showed properties supporting the construct and discriminant validity at a level comparable with the original and some other versions. Thus, this questionnaire has suitable properties in Iranian population and can be used in clinical trials with epileptic patients. ER  - 
Neurological manifestations in patients with antiphospholipid syndrome$$$ Background: Anti-phospholipids syndrome (APS) is considered a non inflammatory auto-immune disease with a significant thrombophilic risk with varied clinical manifestations. The purpose of the current study was to investigate the frequency of thrombotic and nonthrombotic events in patients with APS. Methods: In this retrospective study, 102 definite APS subjects were recruited (2007-2011) at Alzahra Hospital, Isfahan, Iran. The patients were referred to Multiple Sclerosis Clinic with the diagnosis of definite APS according to 2006 Sydney's criteria. Disorders associated with APS such as pregnancy complication, vascular thrombosis and livedo reticularis (LR) were assessed. Neurological signs and symptoms such as cognitive dysfunction were recorded. Data analyses were performed using SPSS software and P < 0.05 were considered to be statistically significant. Results: Our findings showed that majority of female gender, higher rate of ischemic thrombotic stroke and high miscarriage lied in a large number of APS patients. Conclusion: Overall recurrent miscarriage is a common complication among (antiphospholidpid antibody) aPL patients. Furthermore, ischemic stroke is the second. © 2013. ER  - 
The clonic phase of seizures in patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy is related to age and stimulus intensity$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is effective in the treatment of major depressive disorder and schizophrenia in patients who are drug-naïve or less-receptive to antipsychotic drugs. Several studies have discussed the correlation between patient characteristics, input-current volume, and seizure duration. According to the present principle of ECT guidelines, the therapeutic effect of ECT mostly correlates with seizure duration. As the tonic phase is different from the clonic phase with respect to brain function and activity, it is informative to analyze both the tonic and clonic phases. Thus, this study sought to clarify the relationship between the features of the two phases, and to re-examine and refine guidelines regarding ECT treatment. Method: ECT-course data from 44 schizophrenia or bipolar I patients were recollected, including the number of treatments that they had received, their gender, age, and the association of these characteristics with motor seizure duration was analyzed. A two-factor correlation was employed to test the relationship between each of the two factors. Result: The post-analysis results indicate that seizure duration and age are significantly correlated. Older patients had relatively short seizure durations after ECT-treatment. Notably, a negative correlation was only found between age and the clonic phase of the seizure, not between age and the tonic phase. Furthermore, this study also found an inverse relationship between ECT-intensity and the clonic phase, but not between ECT-intensity and the tonic phase. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that age and ECT-intensity are negatively correlated with seizure duration, particularly in the clonic phase. The present observations are not fully consistent with the basic guidelines of the APA-ECT practical manual. Accordingly, the predictions regarding the therapeutic effect of ECT can be based on both the seizure duration and the clonic phase. © 2013 Wang, Lin, Chiu and Tseng. ER  - 
Usefulness of long-term video-EEG monitoring in children at a tertiary care center$$$ The value of video-electroencephalographic monitoring (EEG-VM) in evaluating patients with epileptic disorders constitutes a major research field. This study investigates the usefulness of inpatient long-term EEG-VM for pediatric neurology patients under four headings: pre-surgical evaluation; seizure classification; epileptic seizure and non-epileptic paroxysmal event differentiation; and antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment modification. A retrospective study of 101 patients over a one-year period was carried out. The results showed that following EEG-VM, 57.4% of the patients were referred for discussion to the epilepsy surgery conference regarding resective surgery, and of these, 31% were deemed to be surgical candidates. The seizure classification assigned to the patients before EEG-VM changed in 73.3% of the patients after EEG-VM. Regarding the differentiation between epileptic seizure and non-epileptic paroxysmal events, a diagnosis of psychogenic non-epileptic seizure (PNES) was made in 4% of the patients after EEG-VM. EEG-VM outcomes led to the modification of AED treatment in 68.3% of the patients. These significant alterations demonstrate the usefulness of EEG-VM in the management of pediatric neurology patients. ER  - 
Immunogenicity and safety of a 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine in healthy infants in Japan$$$ Background: A 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV13) containing 6 additional serotypes not included in the 7-valent PCV has been developed to broaden protection against Streptococcus pneumoniae, which is responsible for over 500,000 deaths annually worldwide in children <5 years of age. This study in Japanese infants evaluated the immunogenicity and safety of PCV13 given subcutaneously, the standard route for infant vaccination in Japan. Methods: This phase 3, single-arm, open-label study was conducted at 25 sites. Subjects received PCV13 as a 3-dose infant series and a toddler dose. Parents/legal guardians recorded local reactions and systemic events after each vaccination. The proportion of subjects with serotype-specific antipneumococcal polysaccharide immunoglobulin (Ig)G antibody concentrations ≥0.35 μg/mL was calculated before and 1 month after the infant series and toddler dose. Results: A total of 193 subjects enrolled. The proportion of subjects achieving pneumococcal IgG antibody concentrations ≥0.35 μg/mL was ≥97.2% for all 13 pneumococcal serotypes 1 month after the infant series and 98.9-100% after the toddler dose. IgG geometric mean concentrations were 2.57-14.69 μg/mL after the infant series and 2.06-16.33 μg/mL after the toddler dose. IgG geometric mean concentrations increased from pre-to posttoddler dose by ≥2.8-fold, demonstrating a booster effect. Local reactions and fever were generally mild or moderate in severity. Conclusions: PCV13 was immunogenic for all serotypes and had a favorable safety profile when administered subcutaneously to Japanese infants. PCV13 should offer broader serotype protection than 7-valent PCV in preventing pneumococcal disease in Japanese children. Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
A retrospective audit of 200 cases of CNS tumours and their surgical management in a tertiary care centre$$$ Aims To study the nature of the tumours managed in the Irish population. Methods This audit research was completed via a retrospective medical review on 200 patients with CNS tumours managed in a tertiary care centre between 2008 and 2009. Results The mean age was 53 years. The male:female ratio was 2:1. The majority were glioblastomas and astro-cytomas. Grade IV tumours were predominant (65.5 %). Headaches (37 %), motor weakness (32 %) and seizures (25.5 %) were the highest presentations. The commonest sites affected were the left parietal and left temporal lobes. There were 17.5 % operative morbidities with motor weakness (22.9 %), seizure (14.3 %) and thrombo-embo-lism (14.3 %) dominating and significant association to surgical radicality (p = 0.041). 3.5 % operative mortalities were reported. 52.5 and 62.5 % of patients received adju-vant chemotherapy and radiotherapy, respectively. Conclusions Patients with CNS tumours typically had multiple presentations. More extensive surgical resection was associated with higher postoperative morbidities (p = 0.041). The 30-day postoperative morbidity (17.5 %) and mortality (3.5 %) were concordant with the currently available literature. ER  - 
Neurologic involvement in scleroderma: A systematic review$$$ Objectives: To perform a systematic review of neurologic involvement in Systemic sclerosis (SSc) and Localized Scleroderma (LS), describing clinical features, neuroimaging, and treatment. Methods: We performed a literature search in PubMed using the following MeSH terms, scleroderma, systemic sclerosis, localized scleroderma, localized scleroderma "en coup de sabre", Parry-Romberg syndrome, cognitive impairment, memory, seizures, epilepsy, headache, depression, anxiety, mood disorders, Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression (CES-D), SF-36, Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), neuropsychiatric, psychosis, neurologic involvement, neuropathy, peripheral nerves, cranial nerves, carpal tunnel syndrome, ulnar entrapment, tarsal tunnel syndrome, mononeuropathy, polyneuropathy, radiculopathy, myelopathy, autonomic nervous system, nervous system, electroencephalography (EEG), electromyography (EMG), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and magnetic resonance angiography (MRA). Patients with other connective tissue disease knowingly responsible for nervous system involvement were excluded from the analyses. Results: A total of 182 case reports/studies addressing SSc and 50 referring to LS were identified. SSc patients totalized 9506, while data on 224 LS patients were available. In LS, seizures (41.58%) and headache (18.81%) predominated. Nonetheless, descriptions of varied cranial nerve involvement and hemiparesis were made. Central nervous system involvement in SSc was characterized by headache (23.73%), seizures (13.56%) and cognitive impairment (8.47%). Depression and anxiety were frequently observed (73.15% and 23.95%, respectively). Myopathy (51.8%), trigeminal neuropathy (16.52%), peripheral sensorimotor polyneuropathy (14.25%), and carpal tunnel syndrome (6.56%) were the most frequent peripheral nervous system involvement in SSc. Autonomic neuropathy involving cardiovascular and gastrointestinal systems was regularly described. Treatment of nervous system involvement, on the other hand, varied in a case-to-case basis. However, corticosteroids and cyclophosphamide were usually prescribed in severe cases. Conclusions: Previously considered a rare event, nervous system involvement in scleroderma has been increasingly recognized. Seizures and headache are the most reported features in LS en coup de sabre, while peripheral and autonomic nervous systems involvement predominate in SSc. Moreover, recently, reports have frequently documented white matter lesions in asymptomatic SSc patients, suggesting smaller branches and perforating arteries involvement. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
The safety of UK video telemetry units: Results of a national service evaluation$$$ Purpose To assess patient safety during seizures occurring on UK video telemetry units and identify factors in unit infrastructure which may improve safety with the intention of producing national guidelines. Methods A prospective multicentre national service evaluation of the occurrence of adverse events and level of nurse attendance during seizures occurring on video telemetry units was performed. Data from 272 seizures from 27 video telemetry units across the UK were analysed. Results Adverse events occurred in 12% of seizures: 7% were physical events such as falls or respiratory compromise and 5% were unnoticed seizures. Nursing staff did not attend the patients in 44% of seizures and attendance was delayed beyond 30 s in a further 29%. Only 27% of seizures were attended by a Healthcare Professional within half a minute. The most important factor shown to improve timely attendance of patients during seizures was the presence of a nurse dedicated to the telemetry bed(s). The site of the telemetry bed (bay or cubicle) and method of observation (direct or indirect) was less important. An optimal nurse-to-patient ratio was difficult to identify but the study suggests that a ratio of at least 1 nurse to 4 patients is appropriate. Conclusion The results provide an evidence base for the production of national standards and guidelines for surveillance of patients during video telemetry to improve patient safety. © 2013 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
A phase 1 trial of intravenous 4-(N-(S-glutathionylacetyl)amino) phenylarsenoxide (GSAO) in patients with advanced solid tumours$$$ Background: 4-(N-(S-glutathionylacetyl)amino) phenylarsenoxide (GSAO) is a water-soluble mitochondrial toxin that binds to adenine nucleotide translocase in the inner mitochondrial membrane, thereby targeting cell proliferation. This phase 1 study investigated safety, dose-limiting toxicities (DLTs), maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and pharmacokinetics (PK) of GSAO as a daily 1-h infusion for 5 days a week for 2 weeks in every three. Pharmacodynamics of GSAO was evaluated by dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (DCE-MRI) and circulating markers of angiogenesis. Methods: Patients with advanced solid tumours received GSAO in a dose-escalation trial according to a standard '3 + 3' design that was guided by toxicity and, for the final dose escalation, by arsenic PK data. Results: A total of 34 patients were treated with GSAO across 9 dose levels (1.3-44.0 mg/m2). Treatment was well tolerated with few adverse events. An additional three patients were enrolled at the 12.4 mg/m 2 dose level following a DLT of derangement of liver function tests (grade 4). At the 44.0 mg/m2 dose level, two out of three patients had DLTs (reversible encephalopathy; paroxysmal atrial fibrillation). Conclusions: The MTD of GSAO was 22.0 mg/m2/day. There was no biomarker evidence from DCE-MRI or circulating markers of angiogenesis of an anti-vascular effect of GSAO. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Methylphenidate treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in young people with learning disability and difficult-to-treat epilepsy: Evidence of clinical benefit$$$ Purpose To establish the efficacy and safety of methylphenidate (MPH) treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in a group of children and young people with learning disability and severe epilepsy. Methods This retrospective study systematically reviewed the case notes of all patients treated with methylphenidate (MPH) for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV) ADHD at a specialist epilepsy center between 1998 and 2005. Treatment efficacy was ascertained using clinical global impressions (CGI) scores, and safety was indexed by instances of >25% increase in monthly seizure count within 3 months of starting MPH. Key Findings Eighteen (18) patients were identified with refractory epilepsies (14 generalized, 4 focal), IQ <70, and ADHD. Male patients predominated (13:5) and ADHD was diagnosed at a median age of 11.5 years (range 6-18 years). With use of a combination of a behavioral management program and MPH 0.3-1 mg/kg/day, ADHD symptoms improved in 61% of patients (11/18; type A intraclass correlation coefficient of CGI 0.85, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.69-0.94). Daily MPH dose, epilepsy variables, and psychiatric comorbidity did not relate to treatment response across the sample. MPH adverse effects led to treatment cessation in three patients (dysphoria in two, anxiety in one). There was no statistical evidence for a deterioration of seizure control in this group with the use of MPH. Significance Methylphenidate with behavioral management was associated with benefit in the management of ADHD in more than half of a group of children with severe epilepsy and additional cognitive impairments. Eighteen percent had significant side effects but no attributable increase in seizures. Methylphenidate is useful in this group and is likely to be under employed.© 2013 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Reduced burden of very large and rare CNVs in bipolar affective disorder$$$ Objectives: Large, rare chromosomal copy number variants (CNVs) have been shown to increase the risk for schizophrenia and other neuropsychiatric disorders including autism, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, learning difficulties, and epilepsy. Their role in bipolar disorder (BD) is less clear. There are no reports of an increase in large, rare CNVs in BD in general, but some have reported an increase in early-onset cases. We previously found that the rate of such CNVs in individuals with BD was not increased, even in early-onset cases. Our aim here was to examine the rate of large rare CNVs in BD in comparison with a new large independent reference sample from the same country. Methods: We studied the CNVs in a case-control sample consisting of 1,650 BD cases (reported previously) and 10,259 reference individuals without a known psychiatric disorder who took part in the original Wellcome Trust Case Control Consortium (WTCCC) study. The 10,259 reference individuals were affected with six non-psychiatric disorders (coronary artery disease, types 1 and 2 diabetes, hypertension, Crohn's disease, and rheumatoid arthritis). Affymetrix 500K array genotyping data were used to call the CNVs. Results: The rate of CNVs > 100 kb was not statistically different between cases and controls. The rate of very large (defined as > 1 Mb) and rare (< 1%) CNVs was significantly lower in patients with BD compared with the reference group. CNV loci associated with schizophrenia were not enriched in BD and, in fact, cases of BD had the lowest number of such CNVs compared with any of the WTCCC cohorts; this finding held even for the early-onset BD cases. Conclusions: Schizophrenia and BD differ with respect to CNV burden and association with specific CNVs. Our findings support the hypothesis that BD is etiologically distinct from schizophrenia with respect to large, rare CNVs and the accompanying associated neurodevelopmental abnormalities. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
De novo psychogenic nonepileptic attacks after adult epilepsy surgery: An underestimated entity$$$ We retrospectively assessed all patients in a large cohort of patients with epilepsy surgery at the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery (NHNN) over 12 years, to identify patients with postoperative psychogenic nonepileptic attacks (PNEA). Twenty-nine patients (23 women) were identified of a total of 790 patients, a frequency of 3.7%. Female gender and presurgical psychiatric diagnosis, other than psychosis, were significant risk factors for PNEA development. In female patients with a preoperative psychiatric diagnosis the chance of developing PNEA after epilepsy surgery was 8.5%. PNEA developed between 2 weeks and 10 years after epilepsy surgery, independently of outcome of epileptic seizures. In most cases, PNEA differed from the present or past epileptic seizures, and motor symptoms were the most common manifestations. Seizures after epilepsy surgery should be carefully evaluated. Physicians should consider the possibility of PNEA, especially in female patients with preoperative psychiatric comorbidity developing "atypical" seizures with motor manifestations postoperatively, even many years after epilepsy surgery.© 2013 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
The coping styles and health-related quality of life of South African patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: The primary aim of this study was to explore a possible association between the coping styles and the health-related quality of life (HRQOL) of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in the South African context. Methods: Twenty-two patients with PNESs with confirmatory video-EEG were matched by age and gender with a healthy control group. Participants had to complete self-reported measures of HRQOL and coping strategies. Data analysis consisted of performing Pearson correlations, analysis of variances, and regression analysis. Results: The results indicated that the HRQOL scores of the group with PNESs were significantly lower than the HRQOL scores of the healthy control group. The participants with PNESs utilized significantly more escape-avoidance and distancing coping strategies in comparison to the healthy control group. The results also indicated that the avoidance coping strategies utilized by participants with PNESs had a significant negative effect on their HRQOL. Conclusions: The findings of this study provided greater insight into the coping strategies utilized by participants with PNESs, which have been identified as risk factors in PNESs. This is the first study of this nature of people with PNESs in South Africa. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations in a consecutive cohort of systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ a single center study; Objectives: To identify the prevalence and the possible risk factors of occurrence and severity of neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Patients and Methods: This is a cross-sectional study. The assessment of SLE patients is based on rheumatologic, neurologic and psychiatric evaluation, immunoserologic testing, and cerebral magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Factors associated with NP manifestations were explored using regression models. Results: Of 84 SLE patients included in this study, 36 (42.9%) had neuropsychiatric manifestations. Among these 36 patients, 34 (94.4%) were female and two (5.6%) were male. The most frequent manifestations were mood disorders, headache and anxiety disorder. Of 36 patients with NP-SLE; 16 patients have severe NP manifestations (≥ 3 NP manifestations). In univariate analysis, the risk factors that associated with severe NP manifestations included more organ damage, cutaneous vasculitis, nephritis flare, the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies, particularly lupus anticoagulant and anti-cardiolipin immunoglobulin G (IgG aCL), abnormal MRI of the brain and aggressive use of immunosuppressives. However, in multiple regression analysis, nephritis, cutaneous vasculitis, and IgG aCL were the only risk factors of severe NP manifestations. Conclusions: Due to the high prevalence of NP manifestations and its severity in SLE patients, systematic assessment to provide prompt diagnosis, early recognition of risk factors and appropriate intervention for NP lupus are essential. © 2013 Asia Pacific League of Associations for Rheumatology and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of children with autism spectrum disorders and co-existing attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, with atomoxetine: A retrospective study$$$ Objective: The present study examined the effects of atomoxetine (ATX) on attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and autistic features in children with autistic spectrum disorders (ASD). Method: The files of children with confirmed ASD and ADHD, who had been on ATX treatment, were examined. Fourty-two individuals (33 males and 9 females, age range 6-17 years, mean: 10.0}3.5) were selected. Thirty-three of the children have already been taking other psychotrophic medications, which were not changed during the ATX treatment. All patient files provided information about severity of symptoms, improvement in clinical features and observed side effects using the Clinical Global impressions-improvement scale (CGI-I), DSM-IV based ADHD rating scale (ADHDRS-IV), Aberrant Behavior Checklist and Barkley Stimulant Side Effect Rating Scales at baseline, in week 4 and week 12. Autistic symptoms were rated via the Childhood Autism Rating Scale. ATX was started with a dose of 0.3-0.5 mg/kg/ day, titrated slowly to 1-1.2 mg/kg/day in 4 weeks, and the dose was adjusted to 1-1.4 mg/kg/day according to clinical opinion. Results: ATX was well tolerated with the exception of 6 patients (14%), who stopped medication after the 4th week visit. Among these subjects efficacy data were treated by using the last observation carried forward model. Twenty-two subjects (52.4%) were considered responders to treatment with a CGI-improvement of “very much improved” or “much improved”. On the parent rated ADHDRS-IV, there was significant reduction from baseline to week 4 and from week 4 to week 12 in inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity. Fifty percent, 42.9% and 50% of the patients showed >=25% improvement in inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity by week 12, respectively. Decrease was significant in the hyperactivity and social withdrawal subscales of the parent reported ABC and 52.4% and 45.2% of the patients showed >=25% improvement, respectively. No significant change was reported for stereotypic, self-mutilative and other problem behaviours. Responders (n=22) were not significantly different from non-responders (n=20) in terms of age, gender, ASD type, intellectual and language level, baseline CGI severity, level of autistic symptoms and presence of epilepsy. The most common side effects were irritability, decrease in appetite, drowsiness, sleep problems, moodiness. Six patients stopped taking medications due to lack of efficacy, increased motor activity and talkativeness, irritability, temper outbursts and increased blood pressure. Conclusions: ATX appears to be safe and effective for the core symptoms of ADHD as well as withdrawal in children with ASD. None of those clinical and demographic parameters helped to predict the responders in our sample. ER  - 
Neuroactive steroids ganaxolone and allopregnanolone in the treatment of epilepsy, traumatic brain injury, and neurobehavioral disorders$$$ Background: I will discuss recent studies on the development of the neuroactive steroids for the treatment of epilepsy, traumatic brain injury (TBI), and other neurological and psychiatric conditions. Methods: Studies in animal epilepsy and seizure models. Pharmacokinetic studies in animal models. Controlled (randomized and blinded) and open label clinical trials in various patient populations. Results: I begin with a discussion of the synthetic neuroactive steroid ganaxolone, which has been administered to over 900 patients. I will report the results of a 147 subject double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of orally administered ganaxolone in the treatment of partial onset seizures in adults. This study met a predefined statistical criterion for efficacy. Ganaxolone was found to be safe and well tolerated. There was no increase in the frequency of discontinuations or treatment emergent adverse events in the ganaxolone treatment group compared to the placebo group. Results of the 1-year open label extension study, which demonstrated increasing efficacy over time, will also be presented. I will also provide an update on ongoing studies with ganaxolone in the treatment of anxiety in fragile X and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Recently, we have begun clinical studies of the natural neurosteroid allopregnanolone. We have developed an intravenous formulation, which is being studied for the treatment of moderate and severe traumatic brain injury. We have developed extensive evidence in animal models supporting the utility of allopregnanolone in the treatment of status epilepticus, when administered intravenously and also intramuscularly. We are embarking on a program to develop allopregnanolone for use in acute status epilepticus and also for the treatment of in hospital nonconvulsive status epilepticus. Conclusions: Neuroactive steroids have potential utility in the treatment of epilepsy, TBI, and several neurobehavioral conditions including fragile X and PTSD. ER  - 
The effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on verbal learning and memory$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) uses magnetic pulses to induce a focal seizure for the treatment of depression. This strategy capitalizes upon the established safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation and the robust antidepressant efficacy of seizures as induced with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). MST is hypothesized to be a safe and effective antidepressant strategy for patients with major affective disorders. Preclinical and clinical evidence has substantiated that MST produces little to no neurocognitive adverse effects. Also, clinical evidence has found MST produces antidepressant effects. Presently, there are limited data regarding the safety of MST when it is administered at high doses (eg, 1000 pulses). Such information is needed, as evidence from ECT investigations have found that higher doses result in increased adverse neurocognitive effects, particularly in the neurocognitive domain of verbal learning and memory. Thus, the purpose of this study was to compare the effects of an index course of high-dose MST and standard ECT on verbal learning and memory in patients with a current major depressive episode. Methods: This was a three-center, between-subject, randomized, double-masked controlled clinical trial that compared the neurocognitive effects of high dose MST and ultra-brief pulse RUL ECT. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. The study was conducted under a US FDA IDE. Adults with a major depressive episode in the context of unipolar or bipolar depression, based on the SCID-I, were randomly assigned to treatment with MST or ECT. For MST, a Magstim Theta device with a round coil positioned on the vertex was used to administer the stimulus. Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration, and subsequent treatments were provided at maximal device output (100% maximal pulse amplitude, 100 Hz pulse frequency, 10 s train duration). For ECT, treatments were provided via standard RUL electrode configuration, 800mA pulse amplitude, and ultra-brief pulse width (0.3 ms). Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration and frequency. Subsequent treatments were provided at 6' the seizure threshold. Patients were treated until they achieved remission. Results: In terms of change from baseline to end, patients who received MST relative to those who received ECT showed better delayed recall (F(1, 59)=4.40, p=0.04), retention (F(1, 59)=4.50, p=0.04), as well as recognition (F(1, 57)=5.03, p=0.03) of learned words. Indeed, patients in the ECT group showed significant declines from average to mild/moderate impaired performance after ECT, and patients in the MST cohort showed stability of average performance from baseline to end. There were no differences between MST and ECT on total words learned across five learning trials (F(1, 59)=2.66, p=0.11), interference with a distractor list (F(1, 58)=0.96, p=0.33), or immediate recall of learned words (F(1, 59)=0.96, p=0.33). Conclusions: This study provides evidence that MST has neurocognitive advantages relative to ECT, particularly with regard to delayed recall, retention, and recognition of verbally presented information. Specifically, patients in the ECT cohort significantly declined from average performance at baseline to mild to moderate impaired performance on the RAVLT after the index course. Patients in the MST group maintained their average performance on the RAVLT from baseline to end of the index course. These findings are consistent with prior research suggesting MST to have benign or no neurocognitive adverse effects. Research has found that recall worsens after acute treatment with ECT, which is associated with select ECT parameters including bitemporal electrode placement, sine wave pulse width, and increased dosage. Importantly, adverse neurocognitive effects have been associated with poor clinical and functional outcome, and increased risk of relapse. The continued development of low stimulus intensity seizure induction paradigms such as MST could provide for a safer new treatment option for patients with depression. Future research is warranted to assess the effects of MST on other memory systems including memory for visual and autobiographical information. ER  - 
WAT-1 vs SOS: A comparison of tools to measure sedation withdrawal in the ICU$$$ Introduction: There is currently no objective tool to detect iatrogenic withdrawal in critically ill children. Recently, the Withdrawal Assessment Tool-1 [WAT-1] and Sophia Observation withdrawal Symptoms-scale [SOS] were created in order to address this problem. Methods: A prospective randomized clinical trial was designed to compare WAT-1 and SOS. Patients who had received continuous sedative infusions for >= 120 hours were at risk of withdrawing and were recruited and randomized to one of three groups: WAT-1, SOS and Physician judgment groups. Patients with underlying neurological conditions such as seizures, or drug dependence were excluded. A total of 14 patients were recruited in the pilot study [n = 14], WAT-1 = 4, SOS = 5 and Physician judgment = 5. Opioid and benzodiazepine infusions were converted to bioequivalent doses of enteral Methadone and/or Diazepam. The sedative infusions were halved after the first enteral dose and then discontinued after the second dose of Methadone and/or Diazepam. Patients were scored using the WAT-1 and SOS tools once every shift. Patients were said to be withdrawing if they were given a score of 4 or greater on the WAT-1 or SOS tools. All patients were initially started on a 5 day wean [20%/day]. If this was not tolerated, as evidenced by withdrawal, the patient was weaned in a slower fashion over 10 days [10%/day]. Patients randomized to the Physician judgment group were weaned in a manner the Attending Physician saw appropriate. Results: We found that the WAT-1 and SOS scores were comparable. Correlation coefficient between WAT-1 and SOS was 0.83, p<0.0001, 95% CI 0.78-0.87. Most patients completed a 5 day wean irrespective of the group they were randomized to. Conclusions: WAT-1 and SOS are 2 comparable tools to measure iatrogenic withdrawal in the ICU setting. Staff feel that the WAT-1 is easier to use. ER  - 
Factors Associated with Post-Ictal Psychosis$$$ These findings characterize a sample of persons with epilepsy who developed an episode of PIP. Risk factors appear to be longer duration of epilepsy, greater number of AEDs, and prior epilepsy surgery. Specific AED use, general cognitive ability, and past psychiatric history did not appear to be associated with the development of PIP. This project will provide the impetus for a longitudinal study on PIP with the aim of empirically identifying predictors and management strategies for this unique condition. ER  - 
67th American Epilepsy Society Annual Meeting, AES 2013$$$ The proceedings contain 44 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Epilepsy. The topics include: A role for cytokine interleukin-6 in posttraumatic epileptogenesis; transcriptiome analysis in focal epilepsy identifies changes in clock expression in epileptogenic human tissue; vagus nerve stimulation triggered by cardiac-based seizure detection, a prospective multicenter study; a prospective study using a driving simulator during clinical and subclinical seizures; established and novel cell-surface autoantibodies in recent-onset cryptogenic adult epilepsies; vagus nerve stimulation in patients under one year of age; use of prolonged VEEG monitoring in children with first unprovoked seizure; photic induced seizures and photoparoxysmal response; comparison of MEG inverse modeling algorithms with intracranial EEG, resection area, and seizure outcome; electrical brain stimulation and human insular functional connectivity; pathological and physiological high frequency oscillations in focal human epilepsy; prevalence and clinical significance of unilateral wicket rhythms; overall yield and predictors of seizure occurrence in a large intensive care unit video-EEG monitoring experience; cingulate epilepsy manifesting as panic disorder; atypical language localization in pediatric temporal lobe intractable epilepsy; attentional deficits of children and adolescents with temporal lobe epilepsy; management outcomes in elderly patients with epilepsy (EPWE) in a tertiary care epilepsy center; factors associated with post-ictal psychosis; genetic testing in drug resistant epilepsy; hippocampal malrotation is associated with chromosome 22Q11.2 microdeletion; myoclonic occipital photosensitive epilepsy with dystonia (MOPED); newly developed nocturnal 2’ generalized tonic clonic seizure after temporal lobectomy; mesial temporal lobe epilepsy surgery; hippocampal volume and postsurgical outcome in intractable temporal lobe epilepsy; lacosamide for uncontrolled primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures; response of seizures and epileptiform activity to high-dose clobazam treatment; rufinamide retention rate in pediatric epilepsy; intravenous lacosamide experience in clinical practice and short-term impact of enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs on vascular disease and use of lipid-lowering agents. ER  - 
Physical violence against patients with mental disorders in Brazil: Sex differences in a cross-sectional study$$$ Objectives: Patients with mental illness are more exposed to violence than the general population. Tis study assessed factors associated with lifetime physical violence against these patients stratifed by sex in Brazil. Methods: Tis is a National cross-sectional multicenter study with a representative sample of 2,475 patients randomly selected from 26 public mental health services. Logistic regression was used to evaluate factors associated with physical violence and crude (OR) and adjusted odds ratios (aOR) with 95% confdence interval were estimated. Statistical level considered was 0.05. Results: Te prevalence of lifetime physical violence against mental patients was similar for women (57.6%) and men (57.8%). Physical violence against women was independently associated with: previous psychiatric hospitalizations (aOR = 2.09), lifetime STD (aOR = 1.75), lifetime alcohol consumption (aOR = 1.59), age of sexual debut (< 16 y.o.) (aOR = 1.40), lifetime sex under alcohol/drugs use (aOR = 2.08), having received/ofered money for sex (aOR = 1.73) and lifetime incarceration (aOR = 1.69). Among men, associated factors were: age (18-40 y.o.) (aOR = 1.90), history of homelessness (aOR = 1.71), previous psychiatric hospitalization (aOR = 1.39), lifetime STD (aOR = 1.52), lifetime alcohol consumption (aOR = 1.41), lifetime use of marijuana or cocaine (aOR = 1.54), having received/ofered money for sex (aOR = 1.47), lifetime history of incarceration (aOR = 2.07). Discussion: Te prevalence of physical violence in this population was high for both sexes. Although there were similar factors independently associated with physical violence among men and women, there are important diferences, such as age of sexual debut and lifetime sex under alcohol/drugs use for women, but not for men, while younger age, history of homelessness, and lifetime use of marijuana or cocaine were associated factors for men only. Screening for history of violence upon admission and early interventions to decrease vulnerability are needed in mental health public services in Brazil. ER  - 
Encephalopathy in children with Dravet syndrome is not a pure consequence of epilepsy$$$ Background: Dravet syndrome (DS) is currently considered as an epileptic encephalopathy, a condition in which epilepsy causes deterioration or developmental delay but preliminary data suggested that cognitive course may worsen independently from epilepsy. Our objective was to prospectively analyze the neuropsychological features in a large cohort of DS patients and its relationships with epilepsy and SCN1A mutation. Methods. 81 examinations were performed in 67 patients with typical DS (9m-24y, 15 longitudinally studied) using Brunet-Lezine (developmental/intelligence quotient [DQ/IQ] and DQ sub-scores), Achenbach, Conners, and a semi-quantitative psychomotor score (SQPS). We studied the correlation between DQ/IQ/SQPS and age, epilepsy characteristics, and whether patients presented SCN1A mutation. Results: DQ/IQ significantly decreased with age (r = -.53, p <.001), from normal before 2y (mean 80, range 64-105) to low after 3y (mean 48, range 30-69), with hyperactivity and attention disorders hampering learning abilities especially up to 6y. However, raw (not age-adjusted) DQ sub-scores increased with age during the first decade, showing that there is no regression. We did not find any significant correlation between DQ/IQ at last evaluation and epilepsy data, i.e. first seizure (age, type, duration, fever), seizures during the course (type, fever sensitivity), status epilepticus (age of onset, number, fever), photosensitivity, and treatment, except for myoclonus and focal seizures which were associated with a lower QD/IQ after 3y. SCN1A mutated patients (n = 58) seemed to exhibit worse psychomotor course than non-mutated ones (n = 9) (severe SQPS in 26% vs 0%), although their epilepsy tended to be less severe (tonic seizures in 12% vs 44% [p = 0.04], first status epilepticus before 6 m in 26% vs 67% [p =.02], mean number of SE 2.5 vs 4.5 [p =.09]). DQ sub-scores were dissociated throughout the whole course: from onset hand-eye coordination was significantly lower than language, posture and sociability (p <.01). Dissociation seemed to be more frequent in mutated than in non-mutated patients (motor SQPS was normal for in 77% vs 44% [p = 0.017] whereas language SQPS was normal for 47% vs 100%). Conclusions: Although psychomotor/cognitive delay declines with age, there is no regression. In addition, encephalopathy is not a pure consequence of epilepsy but SCN1A mutation seems to play an additional, direct role. © 2013 Nabbout et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of chronic hepatitis C with peginterferon alfa-2b, plus ribavirin in end stage renal disease patients treated by hemodialysis: Single Saudi center experience$$$ Introduction: Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection is a global health problem, common worldwide, leading to acute and chronic hepatitis and its consequences of hepatic cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. Antiviral therapy of HCV+ in dialysis patients with interferon-α (INF-α) gives slightly better results than in the general population, but is poorly tolerated and associated with side effects. Although, Ribavirin in not recommended for dialysis patients, the addition of small doses of this medication to pegylated INF is discussed. Purpose: The aim of this study is to assess the efficacy and safety of peginterferon alfa-2b (12kDa) plus Ribavirin in hemodialysis chronic HCV patients. Methods: Fourteen end-stage renal disease patients (ESRD) on regular hemodialysis (HD) in Prince Salman Center for Kidney Diseases (PSCKD), ten males (71.4%) and four females (28.6) were enrolled in a prospective study. All the patients have Hepatitis C Virus infection; were treated by pegylated interferon alpha-2b (peginterferon alfa-2b) 1mcg/kg/week subcutaneously with Ribavirin 200mg three times weekly; for 48 weeks. Two patients were non responsive to previous course of 24 weeks peginterferon alfa-2a. HCV -RNA PCR qualitative and quantitative were tested before, 12, 48 weeks of treatment and 24 weeks after for sustained virologic response (SVR) results. α-fetoprotein level was measured in all the 14 patients before starting treatment to exclude any evidence of hepatocellular carcinoma. Results: One patient (7.1%) refused to complete the treatment because he could not tolerate the side effects and treatment was stopped after the third dose. After 12 weeks, three of 14 patients (21.4%) were still HCV-RNA PCR positive and there were not two log decrees in quantitative PCR, so treatment was stopped in this group of patients. One patient of the remaining had more than two log decrees in quantitative PCR, while nine were seroconverted to HCV-RNA PCR negative, so the treatment was completed for 48 weeks in 10 patients. After 48 weeks of treatment, qualitative and quantitative HCV-RNA PCR were done for 10 patients and the results were still negative (71.4%). Results of qualitative and quantitative HCV-RNA PCR done 24 weeks later showed that 10 patients still negative and SVR was (64%). Their mean ALT and AST dropped from 54.36±36.79IU/dL and 31.52±17.02IU/ dL before starting therapy to 37.26±36.53IU/dL and 25.37±23.72IU/ dL, respectively, after termination. Their mean hemoglobin (Hb) level dropped from 11.31±0.86 to 10.06±1.06g/dL; (p<0.001), and white blood cell count (WBC) dropped from 6.14±0.65×103/mm 3 to 4.51±0.95×103/mm3; (p<0.001). Platelet count fell from 130.11±48.06×10 3/mm3 to 63.03±23.19×103/mm 3; (p<0.001), also erythropoietin dose increased from 182.14±39.30IU/kg/w to 253.93±83.07IU/kg/w, (p=0.776). Conclusion: Peginterferon alfa-2b (12kDa) plus Ribavirin therapy in hemodialysis chronic HCV patients is safe, well tolerated and effective with accepted rates of sustained virological response up to 64%. © 2013 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
The effect of ezogabine on the pharmacokinetics of an oral contraceptive agent$$$ Objectives: Ezogabine (EZG) is a potassium-channel opener that has been approved as adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures in adults with epilepsy. This Phase I clinical study evaluated the pharmacokinetics (PK), safety, and tolerability of coadministration of EZG and a combined oral contraceptive (OC). Methods: An open-label drug-interaction study was conducted in healthy, female volunteers aged 18 - 55 years with regular menstrual cycles. The effects of steady-state 750 mg EZG on the PK of a combined OC agent containing 1 mg norethindrone and 0.035 mg ethinyl estradiol were evaluated, along with the effect of the contraceptive hormones on EZG PK. Safety was evaluated by clinical laboratory, vital sign, electrocardiogram, physical examination, and adverse event (AE) assessments. Results: Of 30 enrolled volunteers, 25 completed all treatments. OC did not affect the PK of EZG. EZG increased norethindrone area under the concentration-time curve (AUC) by 28%, with no change in the maximum plasma concentration (Cmax). Ethinyl estradiol Cmax was 21% lower with no change in AUC. The majority of AEs were mild in severity, with the most commonly reported being gastrointestinal disorders and nervous-system disorders. No deaths or serious AEs were reported in this study. Five volunteers discontinued treatment due to AEs. Conclusions: EZG did not have any clinically relevant impact on exposure of OC hormones in this study, and the OC hormones did not alter EZG PK parameters. This study provides PK evidence that doses of EZG and OCs do not need to be altered when co-administered. ©2013 Dustri-Verlag Dr. K. Feistle. ER  - 
Psychotropic medication use and polypharmacy in children with autism spectrum disorders$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objectives of this study were to examine rates and predictors of psychotropic use and multiclass polypharmacy among commercially insured children with autism spectrum disorders (ASD). METHODS: This retrospective observational study used administrative medical and pharmacy claims data linked with health plan enrollment and sociodemographic information from 2001 to 2009. Children with ASD were identified by using a validated ASD case algorithm. Psychotropic polypharmacy was defined as concurrent medication fills across $2 classes for at least 30 days. Multinomial logistic regression was used to model 5 categories of psychotropic use and multiclass polypharmacy. RESULTS: Among 33 565 children with ASD, 64% had a filled prescription for at least 1 psychotropic medication, 35% had evidence of psychotropic polypharmacy ($2 classes), and 15% used medications from $3 classes concurrently. Among children with polypharmacy, the median length of polypharmacy was 346 days. Older children, those who had a psychiatrist visit, and those with evidence of cooccurring conditions (seizures, attention-deficit disorders, anxiety, bipolar disorder, or depression) had higher odds of psychotropic use and/or polypharmacy. CONCLUSIONS: Despite minimal evidence of the effectiveness or appropriateness of multidrug treatment of ASD, psychotropic medications are commonly used, singly and in combination, for ASD and its cooccurring conditions. Our results indicate the need to develop standards of care around the prescription of psychotropic medications to children with ASD. Pediatrics 2013;132:833-840. Copyright © 2013 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
The impact of a short depression and anxiety screening tool in epilepsy care in primary health care settings in Zambia$$$ Up to 60% of the 50 million persons with epilepsy (PWE) worldwide have depression and anxiety and 80% of PWE live in low-income regions. Common psychiatric comorbidities are often unrecognized and undertreated. We developed and validated a 10-item screening tool for the detection of depression and anxiety at primary healthcare clinics in Zambia in which the baseline detection rate among PWE was 1%. We trained primary care clinic workers in selected clinics to use this screening tool. A retrospective chart review was conducted for 120 consecutive PWE who received care onemonth after training. Detection improved from 1%to 49%, and treatment was frequently initiated. Of the 120 screened, 59 (49.2%) scored above cutoff point of 18. Of these persons, 43 (73.0%) were positive for depression, 16 (23.0%) were positive for anxiety, 38 (64.4%) received counseling, 18 (30.5%) received antidepressants, and 3 (5.1%) were referred to a psychiatrist. Use of this screening tool resulted in improved mental health care for PWE. Copyright © 2013 by The American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression among parents of children with intellectual disability in Pakistan$$$ Background: Studies have shown an association between parental distress and caretaking of children with developmental cognitive delays. There is little data in developing countries, such as Pakistan, concerning the impact of raising children with intellectual disability upon the quality of parent functioning and risk for psychopathology. Objective: To assess the level of psychopathology i.e. anxiety, depression and both anxiety and depression together among parents of children with intellectual disability (ID). Methods: This was a cross-sectional study conducted at a tertiary care hospital in Pakistan. The study was approved by the Institutional Research Committee. Participants were 198 parents (99 fathers/99 mothers) of 100 children with the diagnosis of ID. Informed consents were obtained. The parents were assessed for anxiety and depression using DSM IV criteria. Results: Significantly high proportion of mothers (89%) had anxiety, depression, or both anxiety and depression together as compared to fathers (77%) (p-value <0.05). Among mothers, 35% met criteria for anxiety, 40% for depression and 13% for both anxiety and depression. Among fathers 42% had anxiety, 31% depression and 3% both anxiety and depression. There was a significant association between gender of parent and individual psychiatric diagnosis of anxiety, depression and anxiety and depression together (p-value <0.05). A significant association was also found between mother's anxiety, depression or both and degree of ID of their children (p-value <0.05). Conclusions: 1) Signifcantly high proportion of parents of children with ID has psychiatric diagnosis of anxiety, depression or both; 2) the psychiatric diagnosis of anxiety, depression and anxiety and depression together is associated with gender of parent; and, 3) the diagnosis of anxiety, depression or both in mothers was associated with severity of ID in their children. ER  - 
Conditions that mimic stroke in elderly patients admitted to the emergency department$$$ Background Stroke is the most common neurologic cause for patient admission to the emergency department (ED) and the risk of stroke increases with age. This study aimed to determine the clinical and demographical characteristics of stroke-mimicking patients 65 years or older who were admitted to the ED for stroke. Methods After the retrospective file examination, patients 65 years and older who were admitted to the ED with an established final diagnosis of stroke as a result of history, physical examination, imaging, and required consultations were included in the study. Results After scanning 671 records of patients 65 years or older, 87.3% (n = 586) were diagnosed with stroke and 12.7% (n = 85) received different diagnoses mimicking stroke. Of these 85 patients, 91.8% (n = 78) and 8.2% (n = 7) were prediagnosed with ischemic stroke and transient ischemic attack, respectively, by the ED physicians. After complete evaluations and consultations, the patients with stroke were typically diagnosed with vertebrobasilar insufficiency (n = 16, 18.8%). Of the patients, 76.5% (n = 65) were discharged after treatment and follow-up in the ED, and 21.1% (n = 18) were hospitalized. Conclusions In older patients, stroke-mimicking conditions can cause signs and symptoms indistinguishable from true stroke, representing about 12.7% of elderly patients admitted to an ED with these diagnoses. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comparable seizure characteristics in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy for major depression$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly effective for treatment-resistant depression (TRD); however, its use for less severe forms of depression is somewhat limited by a lack of control over current spreading to medial temporal lobe memory structures, resulting in various cognitive side effects. In contrast, magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which uses high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for local seizure induction, has been associated with reduced cognitive side effects. To assess whether different characteristics of seizures induced by both methods are responsible for the differences in neuropsychological side-effect profile, we studied seven TRD-patients undergoing both MST and ECT in an open-label, within subject, controlled crossover pilot study. Comparison parameters included seizure-related ictal characteristics, including motor activity, electromyogram (EMG), electroencephalogram (EEG), and postictal recovery and reorientation times.Our results showed no differences in motor activity or EMG and EEG characteristics, thus implicating similar electrophysiological processes in seizure induction with MST and ECT. In line with previous studies, we observed shorter postictal recovery and reorientation times following MST.The ictal characteristics of induced seizures were found similar with ECT and MST suggesting that the more focal seizure induction associated with MST may account for the more beneficial neuropsychological side effect profile of MST. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP. ER  - 
Diagnosis of probable psychogenic nonepileptic seizures in the outpatient clinic: Does gender matter?$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) are paroxysmal events of altered behavior that outwardly resemble epilepsy but are caused by psychiatric disease. The diagnosis of probable PNESs can be made in the outpatient clinic prior to video-EEG monitoring by identification of specific PNES predictors and specific elements of seizure semiology from the clinical history. Since psychiatric disease may have distinct mechanisms between women and men, the objective of this study was to determine if gender-specific differences exist in PNES predictors and PNES semiology. Such differences could be used to optimize the accuracy of outpatient diagnosis of probable PNESs. Medical records of male and female patients with video-EEG diagnosis of definite PNESs were retrospectively reviewed for occurrence of PNES predictors. In addition, PNES semiology was analyzed de novo from video-EEG records and categorized into previously established semiology clusters. Eighty-six patients were included in the analysis (59 women and 27 men). We found significantly lower rates of reported physical and sexual abuse, lower rates of previous psychiatric diagnosis, and lower rates of chronic pain in male patients with no significant differences in rates of other PNES predictors. Furthermore, we found no difference in PNES semiology between men and women, with both groups experiencing similar rates of major motor, minor motor, and nonmotor semiology. In conclusion, our results lend support to the idea that distinct risk factor criteria but similar semiology criteria should be used for the diagnosis of probable PNESs in the outpatient clinic in men and women. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Pomaglumetad methionil: No significant difference as an adjunctive treatment for patients with prominent negative symptoms of schizophrenia compared to placebo$$$ This study tested whether treatment with pomaglumetad methionil (LY2140023 monohydrate), a metabotropic glutamate receptor 2/3 agonist compared with placebo (PBO), when added to a fixed-dose second-generation antipsychotic (SGA) demonstrated significantly greater reduction of negative symptoms, as assessed by the 16-item Negative Symptom Assessment scale (NSA-16), in patients with schizophrenia. This parallel-group, 16-week study enrolled adults with schizophrenia who were receiving standard of care (SOC) therapy, which included ≥ 3 months treatment with one of four SGAs: aripiprazole, olanzapine, risperidone, or quetiapine. Patients received either 20. mg of twice daily LY2140023 monohydrate (LY2140023) or concurrent PBO SGA. The primary efficacy measure was change from baseline to final visit in NSA-16 total score. Secondary measures included additional measures of efficacy, cognition, and assessments of safety. Of 352 patients screened, 167 were randomly assigned to treatment, and 110 patients completed the study. Patients treated with LY2140023 and SOC failed to demonstrate a statistically significant improvement over patients treated with PBO and SOC on NSA-16 total score at endpoint or at any point during the study (all p> 0.131). Changes in secondary efficacy measures were not significantly different between groups at endpoint. With the exception of vomiting which was greater in the LY2140023 group, there were no statistically significant differences in safety and tolerability measures. This study found no benefit of adjunctive LY2140023 versus PBO for negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia receiving treatment with SOC. LY2140023 was generally well-tolerated in these patients. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Considerations in prophylaxis for tumor-associated epilepsy: Prevention of status epilepticus and tolerability of newer generation AEDs$$$ Objective To identify risk factors for the development of tumor-associated epilepsy (TAE) and potential benefit of newer generation AEDs in seizure prevention. Methods We performed an IRB approved retrospective study of newly diagnosed GBM patients at the University of Rochester between 1/1/05 and 5/13/11. Records were reviewed to describe demographics, seizure incidence, occurrence of status epilepticus, and AED use and toxicity. Results 172 patients with newly diagnosed GBM were included in the study. 53.4% developed TAE. 31.4% had seizure prior to diagnosis. 118 patients were seizure-free at diagnosis: 32.2% developed post-diagnosis TIE (PostTAE) and 60.2% remained seizure-free. 70 seizure-free patients received an AED peri-operatively. 36 were weaned off AEDs and 31 were continued. Incidence of PostTAE and time to first seizure were comparable in AED-treated and untreated patients. 4 PostTAE patients presented with status epilepticus (SE), all were not AED treated. AEDs were withdrawn in 10 patients due to toxicity: 9 from phenytoin and 1 from levetiracetam. Conclusion There is a high incidence of PostTAE in GBM. Prophylactic AED therapy did not reduce PostTAE but may have prevented SE. Minimal toxicity was observed on 2nd generation AEDs. The high burden of epilepsy in this population and tolerability of newer AEDS suggest that AAN guidelines should be revisited. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Psychiatric adverse effects of zonisamide in patients with epilepsy and mental disorder comorbidities$$$ Over the last few years, zonisamide has been proposed as a potentially useful medication for patients with focal seizures, with or without secondary generalization. Since psychiatric adverse effects, including mania, psychosis, and suicidal ideation, have been associated with its use, it was suggested that the presence of antecedent psychiatric disorders is an important factor associated with the discontinuation of zonisamide therapy in patients with epilepsy. We, therefore, set out to assess the tolerability profile of zonisamide in a retrospective chart review of 23 patients with epilepsy and comorbid mental disorders, recruited from two specialist pediatric (n=11) and adult (n=12) neuropsychiatry clinics. All patients had a clinical diagnosis of treatment-refractory epilepsy after extensive neurophysiological and neuroimaging investigations. The vast majority of patients (n=22/23, 95.7%) had tried previous antiepileptic medications, and most adult patients (n=9/11, 81.8%) were on concomitant medication for epilepsy. In the majority of cases, the psychiatric adverse effects of zonisamide were not severe. Four patients (17.4%) discontinued zonisamide because of lack of efficacy, whereas only one patient (4.3%) discontinued it because of the severity of psychiatric adverse effects (major depressive disorder). The low discontinuation rate of zonisamide in a selected population of patients with epilepsy and neuropsychiatric comorbidity suggests that this medication is safe and reasonably well-tolerated for use in patients with treatment-refractory epilepsy. Given the limitations of the present study, including the relatively small sample size, further research is warranted to confirm this finding. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Risks of subsequent epilepsy among patients with hypertensive encephalopathy: A nationwide population-based study$$$ Background: To determine whether the diagnosis of hypertensive encephalopathy (HE) is linked to an increased risk of subsequent epilepsy by using a nationwide population-based retrospective study. Methods: Our study featured a study cohort and a comparison cohort. The study cohort consisted of all patients with newly diagnosed HE between 1997 and 2010, compiled from universal insurance claims data on patients with hypertension taken from the National Health Insurance Research Database. The comparison cohort comprised the remaining hypertensive patients without encephalopathy. The follow-up period was terminated following the development of epilepsy, death, withdrawal from the National Health Insurance system, or the end of 2010. We determined the cumulative incidences and hazard ratios (HRs) of epilepsy development. Results: The incidence of subsequent epilepsy was 2.25-fold higher in the patients with HE than in comparisons (4.17 vs. 1.85 per 1000. person-years), with an adjusted HR of 2.06 (95% CI. =1.66-2.56) in the multivariable Cox proportional-hazards regression analysis. The incidence of epilepsy was higher in men, younger patients with HE, and those with brain disorders. Conclusions: We found that, in Taiwan, patients with HE are at an increased risk of subsequent epilepsy. Physicians should be aware of HE's link to epilepsy when assessing patients with HE. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Cannabis for therapeutic purposes: Patient characteristics, access, and reasons for use$$$ Background: The authorized and unauthorized use of cannabis for therapeutic purposes (CTP) has increased dramatically in recent years, and physicians have called for further research to better clarify the parameters of effective and appropriate use. We report findings from a large cross-sectional study of the use of CTP in Canada and compare use across medical conditions and across authorized and unauthorized users. Methods: We examined cannabis use history, medical conditions and symptoms, patterns of current use of CTP, modes of access and perceived effectiveness among 628 self-selected Canadians consumers of CTP. Participants were recruited from medical cannabis dispensaries and from organizations that assist users of CTP. Results: Patients reported using cannabis to treat multiple symptoms, with sleep, pain, and anxiety being the most common. Cannabis was perceived to provide effective symptoms relief across medical conditions. Patterns of use were also consistent across medical conditions. Notable differences were observed with regard to modes of access. Conclusion: Across medical conditions respondents reported using cannabis to effectively address diverse symptoms. Results indicate a substantial disconnect between the therapeutic use of cannabis and research on the risks and benefits of such use; particularly with regard to the anxiolytic and sedative use of cannabis. Authorized and unauthorized users exhibited few meaningful differences with regard to medical conditions and patterns of use, but faced substantial differences regarding access. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Vertical perithalamic hemispherotomy: A single-center experience in 40 pediatric patients with epilepsy$$$ Purpose The current concept for hemispherotomy includes various lateral techniques and the vertical perithalamic hemispherotomy introduced by Delalande in 1992. We have chosen the vertical approach because of advantages that possibly influence outcome: the possibility to completely disconnect the hemisphere at the level of the thalamus obviating both the need to resect the insula and the need to open and dissect the subarachnoid space of the Sylvian fissure. Methods We retrospectively analyzed prospectively collected data of all patients who underwent vertical hemispherotomy at the Vienna pediatric epilepsy center. Seizure outcome was classified according to the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) proposal 2001. Key Findings Follow-up data of 40 patients (22 male/18 female; median age 5.5 years; range 4.4 months to 20.1 years) were analyzed. Hemispherotomy was left in 26 and right in 14 patients. The underlying pathology was ischemic vascular in 19, malformation of cortical development (MCD) in 11, and other pathology in 10. No serious intraoperative complications were encountered. Only two infants (5.0%) needed blood replacement. There was one death on the fourth day after surgery caused by intractable hyponatremic brain edema. Three patients developed cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) disturbances, but only one needed a permanent ventriculoperitoneal (VP) shunt (2.5%). For outcome analysis we included 37 of 40 children with at least 12 months of follow-up. Thirty-four (91.9%) of 37 children were seizure-free (class 1a) after a median follow-up time of 3.7 years (range 12 month to 14.8 years). Significance We confirm the efficacy and safety of vertical parasagittal hemispherotomy as described by Delalande in a consecutive series of patients treated at our center since 1998. In addition, complete disconnection of the hemisphere in patients with MCD and/or patients with significant involvement of the insula was possible without the complications usually reported with other techniques. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2013 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Central nervous system involvement in whipple disease: Clinical study of 18 patients and long-term follow-up$$$ Whipple disease (WD) is a rare multisystemic infection with a protean clinical presentation. The central nervous system (CNS) is involved in 3 situations: CNS involvement in classic WD, CNS relapse in previously treated WD, and isolated CNS infection. We retrospectively analyzed clinical features, diagnostic workup, brain imaging, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) study, treatment, and follow-up data in 18 patients with WD and CNS infection.Ten men and 8 women were included with a median age at diagnosis of 47 years (range, 30-56 yr). The median follow-up duration was 6 years (range, 1-19 yr). As categorized in the 3 subgroups, 11 patients had classic WD with CNS involvement, 4 had an isolated CNS infection, and 3 had a neurologic relapse of previously treated WD. CNS involvement occurred during prolonged trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TMP-SMX) treatment in 1 patient with classic WD.The neurologic symptoms were various and always intermingled, as follows: confusion or coma (17%) related to meningo-encephalitis or status epilepticus; delirium (17%); cognitive impairment (61%) including memory loss and attention defects or typical frontal lobe syndrome; hypersomnia (17%); abnormal movements (myoclonus, choreiform movements, oculomasticatory myorhythmia) (39%); cerebellar ataxia (11%); upper motor neuron (44%) or extrapyramidal symptoms (33%); and ophthalmoplegia (17%) in conjunction or not with progressive supranuclear palsy. No specific pattern was correlated with any subgroup.Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed a unique focal lesion (35%), mostly as a tumorlike brain lesion, or multifocal lesions (23%) involving the medial temporal lobe, midbrain, hypothalamus, and thalamus. Periventricular diffuse leukopathy (6%), diffuse cortical atrophy (18%), and pachymeningitis (12%) were observed. The spinal cord was involved in 2 cases. MRI showed ischemic sequelae at diagnosis or during follow-up in 4 patients. Brain MRI was normal despite neurologic symptoms in 3 cases. CSF cytology was normal in 62% of patients, whereas Tropheryma whipplei polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis was positive in 92% of cases with tested CSF. Periodic acid-Schiff (PAS)-positive cells were identified in cerebral biopsies of 4 patients.All patients were treated with antimicrobial therapy for a mean duration of 2 years (range, 1-7 yr) with either oral monotherapy (TMP-SMX, doxycycline, third-generation cephalosporins) or a combination of antibiotics that sometimes followed parenteral treatment with beta-lactams and aminoglycosides. Eight patients also received hydroxychloroquine.At the end of follow-up, the clinical outcome was favorable in 14 patients (78%), with mild to moderate sequelae in 9. Thirteen patients (72%) had stopped treatment for an average time of 4 years (range, 0.7-14 yr). Four patients had clinical worsening despite antimicrobial therapy; 2 of those died following diffuse encephalitis (n = 1) and lung infection (n = 1).In conclusion, the neurologic manifestations of WD are diverse and may mimic almost any neurologic condition. Brain involvement may occur during or after TMP-SMX treatment. CSF T. whipplei PCR analysis is a major tool for diagnosis and may be positive in the absence of meningitis. Immune reconstitution syndrome may occur in the early months of treatment. Late prognosis may be better than previously reported, as a consequence of earlier diagnosis and a better use of antimicrobial therapy, including hydroxychloroquine and doxycycline combination. Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams &Wilkins. ER  - 
A phase i study of lapatinib with whole brain radiotherapy in patients with Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancer brain metastases$$$ Brain metastases are common in patients with advanced, Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancer. We evaluated the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and feasibility of lapatinib given concurrently with whole brain radiotherapy (WBRT). Eligible patients had (HER2)-positive breast cancer and ≥1 brain metastasis. Patients received lapatinib 750 mg twice on day one followed by 1000, 1250, or 1500 mg once daily. WBRT (37.5 Gy, 15 fractions) began 1-8 days after starting lapatinib. Lapatinib was continued through WBRT. Following WBRT, patients received trastuzumab 2 mg/kg weekly and lapatinib 1000 mg once daily. The regimen would be considered feasible if <3/27 pts treated at the MTD experienced a dose-limiting toxicity (DLT). Thirty-five patients were enrolled; 17 % had central nervous disease (CNS) only. During dose escalation, no patients receiving 1,000 or 1,250 mg and two of five patients receiving 1,500 mg experienced DLTs (grade 3 mucositis and rash). Overall, 7/27 patients at 1,250 mg (MTD) had DLTs: grade 3 rash (n = 2), diarrhea (n = 2), hypoxia (n = 1), and grade 4 pulmonary embolus (n = 2). Among 28 evaluable patients, the CNS objective response rate (ORR) was 79 % [95% confidence interval (CI) 59-92 %] by pre-specified volumetric criteria; 46 % remained progression-free (CNS or non-CNS) at 6 months. The study did not meet the pre-defined criteria for feasibility because of toxicity, although the relationship between study treatment and some DLTs was uncertain. Given the high ORR, concurrent lapatinib-WBRT could still be considered for future study with careful safety monitoring. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
The association between the presence of HLA B∗1502 and carbamazepine-induced stevens-johnson syndrome (SJS), toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) and druginduced hypersensitivity syndrome with rash, eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS) in Vietnamese$$$ Background: In Vietnam, we observed a high incidence of drug-induced Severe Cutaneous Adverse Reactions (SCARs)-SJS/TEN/DRESS (common culprit, carbamazepine [CBZ]). In other Asian countries, HLA-B∗1502 is an established risk factor for SCARs (Chung et al., 2004). A high prevalence of HLA B∗1502 exists in Hanoi (Bach Khanh Hoa et al., 2008). We designed a study to determine the frequency of HLA B∗1502 in SCARs patients at Bach mai Hospital. Methods: Thirty-eight cases of SCARs caused by CBZ and 25 patients with epilepsy (tolerating CBZ) were enrolled in a case-control study. Clinical manifestations and laboratory findings were recorded for each subject (RegiSCAR-Group Diagnostic Score-Roujeau et al., 2009). Genomic DNA was isolated using the QIAamp DNA purification system (Quiagen). The combination of PCR and sequence specific oligonucleotide probes with the Luminex 100xMAP flow cytometry dual laser system was then used to quantitate fluorescently labelled oligonucleotides attached to colour-coded microbeads, (Sonic Clinical Institute). Results: Cases comprised 20 SJS (52.6%), seven TEN (18.4%), eight Overlap Syndrome (21.1%), three DRESS (7.9%) patients-mean age 40.6 ± 18.7 years. The 25 controls had a mean age of 22.4 ± 13.1 years. Skin lesion areas in SCARs-affected 62.1 ± 24.1% of BSA; Skin detachment 12.3 ± 12.9% of Body Surface Area, SCORTEN (severity-ofillness score, Sekula et al., 2011)-mean 1.1 ± 1.0 (range 1-4) and Index-day was 14.2 ± 8.3 days (median 12.5 days). Indications for CBZ were epilepsy (34.2%), neuropathic pain (42.1%), mental disorders (18.4%) and other conditions (5.3%). The HLA B∗1502 allele was detected in 34/38 (89.5%) with CBZ-induced SJS/TEN/ DRESS, but in only 6/25 (24.0%) controls. Odds Ratio for HLAB∗1502 positivity was 26.9 (6.7-107.4 with CI = 95%, P < 0.001), Sensitivity 89.5%, Specificity 76%, Positive Predictive Value 85% and Negative Predictive Value 82.6%. Conclusion(s): Our results indicate the presence of HLA B∗1502 is a pharmacogenetic risk factor for developing CBZinduced SCARs in Vietnamese. ER  - 
Improvement in quality-of-life and depressive symptoms during long-term treatment with eslicarbazepine acetate: BIA-2093-301 study$$$ Rationale To assess the improvement in quality-of-life and depressive symptoms during long-term adjunctive therapy with eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) in patients with refractory partial epilepsy. Methods During an open-label extension of a phase 3 study (BIA-2093-301) with ESL, the Quality-of-Life in Epilepsy Inventory 31 (QOLIE-31) and Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) were applied at the end of the treatment period (1 year or early discontinuation) and the results were compared with those at baseline. Most patients were treated with ESL 800 mg once-daily (range: 400-1600 mg). Results QOLIE-31 results in the intent-to-treat (ITT) population (n=255) showed significant improvements from baseline in overall quality of life (p<0.0001), seizure worry (p<0.0001), energy-fatigue (p<0.05), cognitive functioning (p<0.05), medication effects (p<0.0001), social function (p<0.01), and the overall score (p<0.0001). In the per-protocol (PP) population (n=224), significant improvements were found in all scores: overall quality-of-life (p<0.0001), seizure worry (p<0.0001), emotional well-being (p<0.01), energy-fatigue (p <0.001), cognitive functioning (p<0.01), medication effects (p<0.0001), in social function (p<0.001), and overall score (p<0.0001). MADRS results in the ITT population (n=265) also showed significant improvements in the total score (from 9.5 to 7.2; p<0.0001), apparent sadness (p=0.0001), inner tension (p<0.001), reported sadness (p<0.01), concentration difficulties (p<0.0001), lassitude (p<0.001), inability to feel (p<0.01), and pessimistic thoughts (p<0.05). In the PP population (n=232), significant improvements were found in the total score (p<0.0001), apparent sadness (p<0.0001), inner tension (p<0.0001), reported sadness (p<0.01), concentration difficulties (p<0.0001), lassitude (p<0.001), inability to feel (p<0.01), and pessimistic thoughts (p<0.01). Conclusions Quality-of-life, as assessed by QOLIE-31, and depressive mood, as assessed by MADRS, showed statistically significant improvement from baseline during long-term openlabel adjunctive therapy with ESL in partial epilepsy. ER  - 
Pretreatment cognitive deficits and treatment effects on attention in childhood absence epilepsy$$$ Objective: To determine the neurocognitive deficits associated with newly diagnosed untreated childhood absence epilepsy (CAE), develop a model describing the factorial structure of items measuring academic achievement and 3 neuropsychological constructs, and determine shortterm differential neuropsychological effects on attention among ethosuximide, valproic acid, and lamotrigine. Methods: Subjects with newly diagnosed CAE entering a double-blind, randomized controlled clinical trial had neuropsychological testing including assessments of general intellectual functioning, attention, memory, executive function, and achievement. Attention was reassessed at the week 16-20 visit. Results: At study entry, 36% of the cohort exhibited attention deficits despite otherwise intact neurocognitive functioning. Structural equation modeling of baseline neuropsychological data revealed a direct sequential effect among attention, memory, executive function, and academic achievement. At the week 16-20 visit, attention deficits persisted even if seizure freedom was attained. More subjects receiving valproic acid (49%) had attention deficits than subjects receiving ethosuximide (32%) or lamotrigine (24%) (p = 0.0006). Parental assessment did not reliably detect attention deficits before or after treatment (p < 0.0001). Conclusions: Children with CAE have a high rate of pretreatment attentional deficits that persist despite seizure freedom. Rates are disproportionately higher for valproic acid treatment compared with ethosuximide or lamotrigine. Parents do not recognize these attentional deficits. These deficits present a threat to academic achievement. Vigilant cognitive and behavioral assessment of these children is warranted. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class I evidence that valproic acid is associated with more significant attentional dysfunction than ethosuximide or lamotrigine in children with newly diagnosed CAE. © 2013 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
Encephalitis and GABAB receptor antibodies: Novel findings in a new case series of 20 patients$$$ Objective: To report the clinical features of 20 newly diagnosed patients with GABAB receptor (GABABR) antibodies and determine the frequency of associated tumors and concurrent neuronal autoantibodies. Methods: Clinical data were retrospectively obtained and evaluated. Serum and CSF samples were examined for additional antibodies using methods previously reported. Results: Seventeen patients presented with seizures, memory loss, and confusion, compatible with limbic encephalitis (LE), one patient presented with ataxia, one patient presented with status epilepticus, and one patient presented with opsoclonus-myoclonus syndrome (OMS). Nineteen (95%) patients eventually developed LE during the course of the disease. Small-cell lung cancer (SCLC) was identified in 10 (50%) patients, all with LE. Treatment and outcome was available from 19 patients: 15 showed complete (n = 7) or partial (n = 8) neurologic improvement after steroids, IV immunoglobulins, or plasma exchange and oncologic treatment when indicated; 1 patient died of tumor progression shortly after the first cycle of immunotherapy, and 3 were not treated. Five patients with SCLC had additional onconeuronal antibodies (Ri, amphiphysin, or SOX1), and 2 without tumor had GAD65 and NMDAR antibodies, respectively. GABABR antibodies were not detected in serum of 116 patients with SCLC without neurologic symptoms. Conclusion: Our study confirms GABABR as an autoantigen of paraneoplastic and nonparaneoplastic LE and expands the phenotype of GABABR antibodies to ataxia, OMS, and status epilepticus. The long-term prognosis is dictated by the presence of a tumor. Recognition of syndromes associated with GABABR antibodies is important because they usually respond to treatment. © 2013 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of eslicarbazepine acetate in acute manic episodes associated with bipolar I disorder: BIA-2093-203 phase II study results$$$ Background: Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) was approved in 2009 by the European Medicines Agency as adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset seizures (POS), with or without secondary generalization. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of two dosetitration regimens of ESL as therapy of patients with acute mania. Material andmethods: Multicentre, double-blind, randomised, parallelgroup, placebo-controlled dose-titration phase II study in patients with a diagnosis of bipolar I disorder who experienced an acute manic (including mixed) episode. Patients were randomised to: group A - ESL 600-1200-1800 mg; group B-ESL 800-1200-2400 mg; and group C - placebo 1-3 tablets. Patients were started on the lower dosage and were up-titrated as clinically required 3 and 6 days after therapy initiation; the dose was kept at the maximum for up to 3-weeks. Results: 160 patients were included in the intention-to treat (ITT) population and 161 were included in the safety population. The ANCOVA of absolute change in Young Mania Rating Scale total score was [least square mean (p-value versus placebo)]: group A=-12.5 (p=0.348); group B=-14.2 (p=0.053); placebo=-10.3. Secondary efficacy analysis showed similar results with a trend for increase in efficacy across the randomised dosage-titration regimens from placebo to group B. Most common TEAEs observed in ESL groups (≥5% of patients) were headache, dizziness, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhoea. Conclusion: The primary treatment comparison was not statistically significant. There was a trend towards efficacy in the ESL 800-1200- 2400 mg dose group. The two ESL groups exhibited a comparably favourable safety profile. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of eslicarbazepine acetate in acute manic episodes associated with bipolar I disorder: BIA-2093-204 phase II study results$$$ Background: Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) was approved in 2009 by the European Medicines Agency as adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset seizures (POS), with or without secondary generalization. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of ESL as therapy of patients with acute mania. Material and methods: Phase II, double-blind, fixed multiple-dose, randomised, placebo-controlled, multicentre study in patients with a diagnosis of bipolar I disorderwho experienced an acute manic (including mixed) episode. Patients were randomised to ESL 600 mg, ESL 1200 mg, ESL 1800 mg, or placebo and were followed for up to 3 weeks. Results: Due to a slow recruitment rate the study was terminated early and only 38 patients were randomised. The decrease in Young Mania Rating Scale total scores was [mean (standard deviation)]: placebo=-17.7 (7.34), ESL 600 mg=-16.9 (2.75), ESL 1200 mg= -16.7 (9.11), and ESL 1800 mg=-11.3 (SD=10.89). At the end of the 3-week treatment period most patients in all groups were responders and most patients in all groups except ESL 1800 mgwere in full remission. Overall, 30/38 (78.9%) patients experienced treatment emergent adverse events, ranging from 4/8 (50%) in the ESL 600 mg group to 10/10 (100%) in the ESL 1800mg group. Conclusion: Due to the early termination of the study, no definitive conclusions can be drawn regarding the efficacy, safety and tolerability of ESL for the treatment of acute manic (including mixed) episodes in patients with bipolar I disorder. ER  - 
Efficacy, safety and tolerability of eslicarbazepine acetate in the recurrence prevention of bipolar I disorder: BIA-2093-205 phase II extension study$$$ Background: Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) was approved in 2009 by the European Medicines Agency as adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset seizures (POS), with or without secondary generalization. Objective: To evaluate the dose-dependent efficacy, safety and tolerability of ESL for the recurrence prevention of bipolar I disorder. Material and methods: Two part extension study of two phase II studies evaluated the efficacy, safety and tolerability of ESL in patients with acute mania (BIA-2093-203 and -204). In part I (results not shown), participants received open-label treatment with ESL 900 mg QD for 2 weeks. Part II followed a double-blind, parallel-group design in which participants were randomly assigned to treatment with ESL 300 mg, ESL 900 mg, or ESL 1800 mg QD up to 6 months after the last patient entered part II. Results: Patients showing no worsening were (ITT): ESL 300 mg=26 (76.5%), ESL 900 mg=14 (56.0%), and ESL 1800 mg=16 (61.5%). Patients developing manic symptomatology (ITT) were: ESL 300 mg=3 (8.8%), ESL 900 mg=4 (16.0%), and ESL 1800 mg=5 (19.2%). Patients developing depressive symptomatology were (ITT): ESL 300 mg=5 (14.7%), ESL 900 mg=0, and ESL 1800 mg=3 (11.5%). Differences between groups were not statistically significant. Overall, 46 (52.9%) patients reported treatment emergent adverse events (TEAE) that were considered mild to moderate in 41 (89.1%) patients. Conclusion: There were no statistically significant differences between the ESL dosage groups in the primary and secondary efficacy analyses. ESLwas overallwell tolerated with nomajor safety differences between the groups. ER  - 
Psychosocial factors relevant to brain disorders in Europe (PARADISE)$$$ Introduction: The EC funded project PARADISEwas conducted in terms of the theoretical conceptualization of “horizontal epidemiology”, that is that the psychosocial difficulties (PSDs) people live with when they have a brain disorder - either psychiatric or neurological - and the determinants of those PSDs are common across disorders. Objective: To develop and test as a proof of concept an innovative approach to collect clinical and epidemiological data on PSDs based on horizontal epidemiology. The specific aims are: 1) to determine the PSDs and determinants that are common across brain disorders; 2) to develop a metric to assess PSDs and their determinants across brain disorders. Methods: For aim 1) literature reviews and focus groups in 9 brain disorders (dementia, depression, epilepsy, migraine, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's Disease, schizophrenia, stroke and substance use disorders) as well as data analyses of surveys and expert consultations were carried out. For aim 2) a cross-sectional study with 720 patients across Europe was conducted. Data was analysed by means of Rasch analyses and Random Forest regression. Results: 24 PSDs common across brain disorders and covering the complete severity continuum of PSDs made up the PSD metric. 11 determinants of the extent of difficulty were identified. Conclusions: PARADISE is a proof of concept of the hypothesis of horizontal epidemiology. The developed metric to assess PSDs across brain disorders points to a novel approach to data collection that can profoundly change how we collect epidemiological data on the burden of brain disorders and assess the effectiveness of interventions. ER  - 
Pharmacological treatment of psychiatric comorbidity in patients with refractory epilepsy$$$ The purpose of the present study was to describe the use of psychopharmacological drugs for the treatment of a stated or presumed psychiatric comorbid condition in patients with refractory epilepsy and discuss the clinical implications of such treatment. The study was a retrospective descriptive study in patients admitted to the National Center for Epilepsy in Norway based on medication described in medical records. The mean age was 40. years (range: 9-90), and the gender ratio was 56/44% female/male. Psychotropic drugs (antidepressants and antipsychotics) were used to a lower extent than in the general population in Norway. Drugs for ADHD were predominantly used in children. The prevalence of patients treated with psychiatric comedication was 13% (143 of 1139 patients). The patients used two to eight concomitant CNS-active drugs, which calls for the close monitoring of potential pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic interactions and should challenge clinicians to achieve a less complex pharmacotherapy. Psychiatric comorbidity is an important concern in patients with refractory epilepsy and may be undertreated. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Klinefelter syndrome: Are we missing opportunities for early detection?$$$ Klinefelter syndrome is a common condition that remains underdiagnosed, particularly prior to adulthood. Early detection could prevent morbidity and mortality, but the classic phenotype of small testes and tall stature may not be apparent until adolescence, and there is minimal guidance regarding whom to screen. We performed a retrospective study at Boston Children's Hospital in patients with the ICD-9 code for "Klinefelter syndrome" diagnosed prior to age 20 years, and determined age and reason for diagnosis, karyotype, heights, and comorbid conditions. Eighty percent had a 47,XXY karyotype, of whom half were diagnosed at age 11 to 19 years. The most common comorbidities were neurocognitive, including learning disabilities (67%), psychosocial problems (33%), and attention deficit disorder (27%). Subjects were only slightly taller than average in childhood (height standard deviation score = 0.64). These data show that Klinefelter syndrome is associated with long-standing comorbidities that frequently remain under-recognized; a karyotype should be considered in boys with neurocognitive problems. © The Author(s) 2013. ER  - 
Disorders and borders: Psychiatric genetics and nosology$$$ Over the past century, the definition and classification of psychiatric disorders has evolved through a combination of historical trends, clinical observations, and empirical research. The current nosology, instantiated in the DSM-5 and ICD-10, rests on descriptive criteria agreed upon by a consensus of experts. While the development of explicit criteria has enhanced the reliability of diagnosis, the validity of the current diagnostic categories has been the subject of debate and controversy. Genetic studies have long been regarded as a key resource for validating the boundaries among diagnostic categories. Genetic epidemiologic studies have documented the familiality and heritability of clinically defined psychiatric disorders and molecular genetic studies have begun to identify specific susceptibility variants. At the same time, there is growing evidence from family, twin and genomic studies that genetic influences on psychiatric disorders transcend clinical boundaries. Here I review this evidence for cross-disorder genetic effects and discuss the implications of these findings for psychiatric nosology. Psychiatric genetic research can inform a bottom-up reappraisal of psychopathology that may help the field move beyond a purely descriptive classification and toward an etiology-based nosology. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Hospital based prospective longitudinal clinical and immunologic study of 179 patients of primary anti-phospholipid syndrome$$$ Aim: To study the clinical and immunological features of primary antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), and to analyze the differences between primary APS and APS associated with autoimmune rheumatic disease (ARD/APS). Methods: This prospective, longitudinal study, carried out from December 2004 to July 2011 included 179 patients with primary APS and 52 patients of ARD/APS diagnosed as per modified 2006 Sapporo's Criteria. Results: Out of 179 patients of primary APS, 12 were male and 167 were female. The mean age at the time of study entry was 27 ± 4.33 years. Venous thrombosis was noted in 33 (18.43%) patients. Seventeen patients had deep vein thrombosis and 11 (7.19%) had cortical vein and/or cortical sinus thrombosis. Arterial thrombosis was noted in 19 (10.61%) patients, out of which nine had intracranial arterial thrombosis. Thirty-two (17.85%) had recurrent early fetal losses (< 10 weeks) and 97 (54.18%) had late fetal loss (> 10 weeks). Immunoglobulin G (IgG) and IgM aCLA were present in 141 (78.77%) and 32 (17.87%) patients respectively, whereas lupus anticoagulant was present in 99 (55.3%) patients. In patients with bad obstetric outcome, lupus anticoagulant positivity was significantly more prevalent (P < 0.05) than aCLA positivity. Both venous and arterial thrombosis were significantly more common (P < 0.05) in ARD/APS. However, late fetal loss was significantly more prevalent (P < 0.001) in primary APS. Conclusion: Primary APS may lead to a variety of clinical manifestations due to venous and/or arterial thrombosis, which at times may be lethal. It is also an important cause of early and late pregnancy loss(es) and other pregnancy morbidities. © 2013 Asia Pacific League of Associations for Rheumatology and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd. ER  - 
Pattern of adverse events of antiepileptic drugs: Results of the aESCAPE study in Poland$$$ Introduction: The Adverse Event Scale in Patients With Epilepsy (aESCAPE) European study (NCT00394927) explored and analyzed adverse events (AEs) and reasons for modifying treatment in patients treated with newer and older antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) used in monotherapy or polytherapy. The present analysis concerns the results of patients recruited in Poland. Material and methods: Multicentre, international, observational, cross-sectional study investigating AEs in patients with epilepsy (aged ≥ 4 years), on stable AED treatment with one or two AED(s) for ≥ 3 months, using standardized questionnaires completed by a physician during a single study visit. Results: Out of 309 patients, 24.6% were treated exclusively with newer AED(s) in monotherapy or in combination, while 75.4% were treated with older AED(s) or a combination of older and newer AED(s). 60.8% were on monotherapy, and 39.9% on polytherapy. In general, 73.8% of patients reported ≥ 1 AE(s). There were no significant differences in the frequency of reported AEs in compared groups. The most common were disturbances in cognitive function (40.5%), psychological problems (36.2%), and sedation (32.7%). Some AEs were found to be more specific for particular types and treatment regimens. Changes in treatment or dose during the study visit occurred in 22.3% of the patients, mainly due to lack of efficacy (10.7%), AEs (5.2%) or absence of seizures (4.5%). Conclusions: A detailed structured interview revealed high frequency of AEs in patients treated with AEDs. The main reasons for treatment modifications at the study visit were lack of efficacy, adverse events and absence of seizures. Copyright © 2013 Termedia & Banach. ER  - 
Lambda waves and occipital generators$$$ The objective of this study was to identify the relationship between lambda waves (LWs) and other occipital waveforms, in a retrospective analysis of electroencephalograms (EEGs) of clinic and hospitalized patients at a single center. The LWs were correlated with α rhythm, photic driving, and positive occipital sharp transients of sleep (POSTS). A computer-generated cursor quantified amplitude and duration of POSTS and LWs (3 waveforms and both hemispheres). Fisher exact test was used for significance (P ≤.05). A total of 116 patients were evaluated. Of 111 patients, with interpretable results, 74 (66.67%) had visual scanning during EEG, with 37 (50.0%) having LWs. The LWs (17.69 μV) were consistently smaller than POSTS (31.40 μV) despite similar morphology. Patients with an α rhythm of >8.5 Hz were strongly correlated with the presence of LWs (P <.0001), and those with LWs were strongly predictive of normal EEG (P =.001). Of the 37 patients, 27 (73.0%) with LWs had photic driving (P =.0496). No correlation was found between LWs and POSTS (P =.45). The presence of LWs and a low normal posterior dominant rhythm (PDR) suggests intact electrocerebral health. LWs and the photic driving response suggest similar generators but stimulus-specific networks. POSTS differ from LWs despite similar morphology, suggesting different network activation of occipital generators. LWs have clinical significance in excluding encephalopathy. Occipital generators are differentiated by state and stimulus-dependent network activation and not by location and morphology. © EEG and Clinical Neuroscience Society (ECNS) 2013. ER  - 
Narcolepsy and pregnancy: A retrospective European evaluation of 249 pregnancies$$$ In a retrospective cohort study undertaken in 12 European countries, 249 female narcoleptic patients with cataplexy (n = 216) and without cataplexy (n = 33) completed a self-administrated questionnaire regarding pregnancy and childbirth. The cohort was divided further into patients whose symptoms of narcolepsy started before or during pregnancy (308 pregnancies) and those in whom the first symptoms of narcolepsy appeared after delivery (106 pregnancies). Patients with narcolepsy during pregnancy were older during their first pregnancy (P < 0.001) and had a higher body mass index (BMI) prior to pregnancy (P < 0.01). Weight gain during pregnancy was higher in narcoleptic patients with cataplexy (P < 0.01). More patients with narcolepsy-cataplexy during pregnancy had impaired glucose metabolism and anaemia. Three patients experienced cataplexy during delivery. The rate of caesarean sections was higher in the narcolepsy-cataplexy group compared to the narcolepsy group (P < 0.05). The mean birth weight and gestational age of neonates were within the normal range and did not differ across groups. Neonatal care was affected adversely by symptoms of narcolepsy in 60.1% of those with narcolepsy during pregnancy. This study reports more obstetric complications in patients with narcolepsy-cataplexy during pregnancy; however, these were not severe. This group also had a higher BMI and higher incidence of impaired glucose metabolism during pregnancy. Caesarian section was conducted more frequently in narcolepsy-cataplexy patients, despite cataplexy being a rare event during delivery. Furthermore, symptoms of narcolepsy may render care of the infant more difficult. © 2013 European Sleep Research Society. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus: Magnetic resonance imaging findings and correlation with clinical and immunological features$$$ Neuropsychiatric (NP) syndromes are a major cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). The aims of this work were to describe the brain abnormalities in a group of SLE patients during their first episode of NP manifestations using a conventional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) technique and to investigate the possible correlation between these findings and the clinical and immunological characteristics of these patients. We performed an observational retrospective cross-sectional study that included all patients with NP symptoms who underwent MRI at the Hospital Clinic of Barcelona between the years 2003 and 2012 because of suspecting NP syndromes due to SLE (NPSLE).We studied 43 patients in which 11 types of NPSLE were present, being headache the most frequent, followed by cerebrovascular disease, epileptic crises and cranial neuropathy. A statistically significant association was found between myelopathy and low complement (C4) levels (p = 0.035) and disease activity measured as SLE Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI) >. 4 (p = 0.00006). Eighteen (41.9%) patients presented MRI abnormalities. We found an association between myelopathy and the presence of inflammatory or mixed (vascular and inflammatory) type lesions (p = 0.003). This pattern was also associated with a high SLEDAI score (p = 0.002) and low complement (CH50) levels (p = 0.032). We found no relationship between MRI changes and age, time of evolution, or the presence of antiphospholipid or anti-dsDNA antibodies.These results suggest that MRI, although it is the imaging modality of choice in the present moment, by itself does not establish or exclude the diagnosis of NPSLE. In addition, the presence of certain disease activity features (SLEDAI and low complement levels) seems to be associated with the presence of an inflammatory pattern on MRI. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
[Lung cancer associated paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis: an analysis of 7 cases]$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyze the clinical features, diagnosis and treatment of lung cancer associated paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis (PLE). METHODS: The clinical data of 7 cases of patients with lung cancer associated PLE out of 8927 patients of lung cancer from January 2000 to May 2010 was analyzed retrospectively. All the patients were male, aging from 41 to 54 years with a mean of 48 years. The data including history, physical examination, laboratory tests, diagnosis, treatment and follow-up were collected and analyzed. RESULTS: All the 7 patients had smoking history. All 7 patients had varying short-term memory loss, 6 had epilepsy, 4 had different degrees of mental disorders, and 2 had syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone. Malignancies were screened and detected by chest X-ray or CT scan, while the pathological diagnoses were obtained through biopsy or transbronchial needle aspiration through electronic bronchoscope (5/7), biopsy of supraclavicular lymph nodes (1/7) and open pulmonary lobectomy (1/7). The pathological diagnosis included small cell lung cancer in 6 cases, adenocarcinoma of lung in 1 case. During the follow-up, 1 patient was lost, and the mean time of follow-up of the remaining 6 patients was about 11.5 months (ranged from 4 to 21 months). Four patients received early immunosuppressive treatment in terms of corticosteroids, only slight relief of neurological symptoms was seen in 2 patients. However, after chemotherapy (6/6), radiation (3/6), or surgical removal of the tumor (1/6), complete remission (3/6, with negative anti-Hu antibody) or partial remission (3/6, 2 of whom with positive anti-Hu antibody) of neurological symptoms were observed. Till October 2010, 3 patients with poorer tumor stag died ( survival were 4, 10, and 14 months respectively), while the other 3 patients with negative anti-Hu antibody and relative better tumor stag were still in the follow-up (the period were 5, 15, and 21 months). CONCLUSIONS: PLE is a rare disease. In comparison with immunosuppressive therapy, chemotherapy, radiation or surgical removal of the tumor could provide better remission of the neurological symptoms. Positive serum anti-Hu antibody, poorer tumor stag, and together with poorer response to treatments seem to indicate a poorer prognosis. ER  - 
Clinical course of disease and epileptic seizures in patients with bipolar disorder and a history of traumatic brain injury$$$ Introduction: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is associated with bipolar affective disorder (BD) [1]. A review concludes that there is evidence of causation for BD after TBI and suggests epilepsy to be the interconnecting mechanism [2]. Data are requested on the clinical course of disease in subjects with both conditions [1]. The aim of this study was to examine whether subjects with BD and a history of TBI with loss of consciousness (TBILOC) differs in regard to clinical course of BD and history of epileptic seizures (ES) when compared to subjects with BD without a history of TBILOC. Methods: From 2003 to 2011, 485 subjects with BD type I, II, not otherwise specified and cyclothymia diagnosed by the Structured Clinical Interview for the DSM-IV (SCID-1) were included from 19 psychiatric hospitals and outpatient clinics in Norway. The subjects were interviewed with a Norwegian adaptation of the Network Entry Questionnaire (NEQ) used by the Bipolar Collaboration Network (BCN) [1]. 476 subjects disclosed the question about former TBILOC and were included. Univariate analyses of differences between the groups with and without a history of TBILOC was conducted on number of affective episodes of each polarity with and without hospital admission, bipolar subtype, cycle acceleration, number of suicide attempts, current psychopharmacological treatment, accumulated duration of treatment with antiepileptic medication and history of ES. A stepwise backward logistic regression analysis was conducted with TBILOC as dependant variable. In addition to the variables from the univariate analyses, age, gender, ethnicity, educational level, age at onset of BD, duration of BD and number of 1st grade family members with BD were used as independent variables. Results: 45 subjects (9.5%) had suffered TBILOC. 3 of 42 subjects (7.1%) in the TBILOC-group compared to 7 of 424 subjects (1.7%) in the non-TBILOC-group had a history of ES (chi square test p = 0.025, fisher's exact test p = 0.059). 38 of 43 subjects (88%) in the TBILOC-group compared to 405 of 415 subjects (98%) in the non-TBILOC-group were currently on at least one psychopharmacological agent (p = 0.001). The groups were elsewise without significant differences. In the logistic regression analysis the only significant predictor of TBILOC was ES with an odds ratio of 6.949 (CI 1.156-41.76) (p = 0.034). Conclusions: Subjects with BD who have suffered TBILOC were more likely to have a history of ES when compared to subjects with BD without a history of TBILOC. Despite presumable different pathophysiological processes involved, subjects with BD with and without a history of TBILOC seem to have an elsewise quite similar clinical course of disease. Limitations in this study were the retrospective design, the small sample size in the TBILOC group and the lack of ability to describe the chronological appearance of TBILOC, ES and onset of BD. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and suicide: A systematic review$$$ Background: Since the release in 2008 of the Food and Drug Administration report on increased risk of suicide with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), several reviews and studies have been published with contradictory results. Objectives: To conduct a systematic review of randomised and non-randomised studies to assess the association between AED use and risk of suicide. Methods: We searched five bibliographic databases combining MeSH terms and free-text words, and the registry clinicaltrials.gov, up to February-April 2012. Two authors extracted data in a standardized form and assessed the quality of the included studies. Dis- crepancies were resolved by discussion. Ten publications and five clinical trials retrieved from clinicaltrias. gov met the inclusion criteria. We conducted a narrative synthesis. Results: The five clinical trials reported no suicide events. We included four cohort studies, one casecrossover, two community-based case-control studies, and three systematic reviews. One cohort study was excluded post-hoc due to inconsistencies in reporting statistics. Five studies reported an effect measure for AEDs as a group: three of them reported an overall 2-3-fold increase risk of suicide; one study reported an increased risk of suicide in epilepsy patients taking AEDs with high risk of depression but no effect for AEDs with low risk of depression; and one study, conducted in bipolar disorder patients, reported a protective effect. Another study, also conducted among bipolar disorder patients, showed a 3-fold increase risk of suicide with any AED prescription. The other three studies reported results for single AEDs. An increased risk was reported for phenobarbital (1 study), valproic acid (1 study), lamotrigine (2 studies), topiramate (2 studies), and levetiracetam (1 study). Systematic reviews of randomised trials of efficacy did not report how adverse events were collected. Confounding by indication, and non-differential suicide misclassification, among other biases may have affected the results of non-randomised studies. Conclusions: There is no clear evidence to confirm or rule out an association between the use of AEDs and suicide, due to heterogeneity at clinical and methodological level. ER  - 
Treatment of children with autism spectrum disorders and co-existing attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, with atomoxetine: a retrospective study$$$ Objective: The present study examined the effects of atomoxetine (ATX) on attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and autistic features in children with autistic spectrum disorders (ASD). Method: The files of children with confirmed ASD and ADHD, who had been on ATX treatment, were examined. Fourty-two individuals (33 males and 9 females, age range 6-17 years, mean: 10.0±3.5) were selected. Thirty-three of the children have already been taking other psychotrophic medications, which were not changed during the ATX treatment. All patient files provided information about severity of symptoms, improvement in clinical features and observed side effects using the Clinical Global impressions-improvement scale (CGI-I), DSM-IV based ADHD rating scale (ADHDRS-IV), Aberrant Behavior Checklist and Barkley Stimulant Side Effect Rating Scales at baseline, in week 4 and week 12. Autistic symptoms were rated via the Childhood Autism Rating Scale. ATX was started with a dose of 0.3-0.5 mg/kg/ day, titrated slowly to 1-1.2 mg/kg/day in 4 weeks, and the dose was adjusted to 1-1.4 mg/kg/day according to clinical opinion. Results: ATX was well tolerated with the exception of 6 patients (14%), who stopped medication after the 4th week visit. Among these subjects efficacy data were treated by using the last observation carried forward model. Twenty-two subjects (52.4%) were considered responders to treatment with a CGI-improvement of “very much improved” or “much improved”. On the parent rated ADHDRS-IV, there was significant reduction from baseline to week 4 and from week 4 to week 12 in inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity. Fifty percent, 42.9% and 50% of the patients showed >=25% improvement in inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity by week 12, respectively. Decrease was significant in the hyperactivity and social withdrawal subscales of the parent reported ABC and 52.4% and 45.2% of the patients showed >=25% improvement, respectively. No significant change was reported for stereotypic, self-mutilative and other problem behaviours. Responders (n=22) were not significantly different from non-responders (n=20) in terms of age, gender, ASD type, intellectual and language level, baseline CGI severity, level of autistic symptoms and presence of epilepsy. The most common side effects were irritability, decrease in appetite, drowsiness, sleep problems, moodiness. Six patients stopped taking medications due to lack of efficacy, increased motor activity and talkativeness, irritability, temper outbursts and increased blood pressure. Conclusions: ATX appears to be safe and effective for the core symptoms of ADHD as well as withdrawal in children with ASD. None of those clinical and demographic parameters helped to predict the responders in our sample. ER  - 
The role of psycho-education in improving outcome at a general hospital psychiatry clinic in Uganda$$$ Objective: While psychoeducation has been shown to positively affect outcomes in psychiatric disorders, its utility has been little studied in developing countries. The current study sought to examine the role of psychoeducation at a general psychiatric outpatient clinic in Kampala, Uganda in improving clinic attendance, treatment adherence, and clinical outcomes. Method: A prospective casecontrol study using a quasi-experimental design was conducted in 117 patients suffering various psychiatric disorders. Participants were recruited for two months and then followed for a further three months after recruitment ended. Participants in the intervention group received formalized psychoeducation sessions at each clinic visit in addition to the usual psychiatric evaluation and care. Participants in the control group received the usual clinical care. Measured outcomes were knowledge of mental illness, compliance with medications and follow-up, and Clinical Global Impression (CGI). Results: The groups did not differ with respect to sociodemographic characteristics or attendance at scheduled follow-up visits. Both groups significantly improved on the CGI, but with no significant difference between the groups. However, the intervention group was more likely to adhere to medication, and their knowledge of mental illness was significantly higher at follow-up. Conclusion: These data suggest that psychoeducation is a beneficial mental health intervention in a developing country that may increase compliance with medication and result in greater knowledge of mental illness. However, other factors such as distance from a centralized clinic or cost of treatment may impact outcomes, including attendance at scheduled follow-up visits. ER  - 
Double trouble: The impact of multimorbidity and deprivation on preference-weighted health related quality of life a cross sectional analysis of the Scottish Health Survey$$$ Objective. To investigate the association between multimorbidity and Preference-Weighted Health Related Quality of Life (PW-HRQoL), a score that combines physical and mental functioning, and how this varies by socioeconomic deprivation and age. Design. The Scottish Health Survey (SHeS) is a cross-sectional representative survey of the general population which included the SF-12, a survey of HRQoL, for individuals 20 years and over. Methods. For 7,054 participants we generated PW-HRQoL scores by running SF-12 responses through the SF-6D algorithm. The resulting scores ranged from 0.29 (worst health) to 1 (perfect health). Using ordinary least squares, we first investigated associations between scores and increasing counts of longstanding conditions, and then repeated for multimorbidity (2+ conditions). Estimates were made for the general population and quintiles of socioeconomic deprivation. For multimorbidity, the analyses were repeated stratifying the population by age group (20-44, 45-64, 65+). Results: 45% of participants reported a longstanding condition and 18% reported multimorbidity. The presence of 1, 2, or 3+ longstanding conditions were associated with average reductions in PW-HRQoL scores of 0.081, 0.151 and 0.212 respectively. Reduction in scores associated with multimorbidity was 33% greater in the most deprived quintile compared to the least deprived quintile, with the biggest difference (80%) in the 20-44 age groups. There were no significant gender differences. Conclusions: PW-HRQoL decreases markedly with multimorbidity, and is exacerbated by higher deprivation and younger age. There is a need to prioritise interventions to improve the HRQoL for (especially younger) adults with multimorbidity in deprived areas. Box 1. What Is Known?.Prevalence and premature onset of multimorbidity increases as socioeconomic position worsens. Previous studies have investigated the effect of multimorbidity on Health Related Quality of Life (HRQoL) on separate physical and mental health states. There is limited data on how HRQoL falls as the number of conditions increase, and how estimates vary across the general population.Leaving physical and mental health as separate categories can inhibit assessment of overall HRQoL. The use of a Preference-Weighted Health Related Quality of Life (PW-HRQoL) score provides a single summary measure of overall health, by weighting mental and physical states by their perceived importance as part of overall HRQoL. The use of a single score enables a simple and consistent assessment of the impact of conditions and how this varies across the population. Economists term PW-HRQoL scores health utilities.What this study adds?.This is the first study to estimate how the impact of multimorbidity on PW-HRQoL scores varies by age group and socioeconomic deprivation. Multimorbidity has a substantial negative impact on HRQoL which is most severe in areas of deprivation, especially in younger adults.Measuring the burden of multimorbidity using PW-HRQoL provides consistency with how economists measure HRQoL; changes in which can be used in economic evaluation to assess the cost effectiveness of interventions. © 2013 Lawson et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
A randomized double-blind comparison of fluoxetine augmentation by high and low dosage folic acid in patients with depressive episodes$$$ Background: Though encouraging evidence exists for the use of folic acid as an augmenting agent to antidepressants, evidence regarding its optimal dosage is lacking. Methods: Forty-two female out-patients with moderate (with or without somatic syndrome) or severe depressive episodes (without psychotic symptoms) diagnosed as per ICD-10 criteria, were randomized in a double-blind fashion to receive either 20 mg fluoxetine and a relatively low dose folic acid (1.5 mg/day; n=23; Group I) or 20 mg fluoxetine and high dose folic acid (5 mg/day; n=19; Group II). Primary outcome measures were weekly changes of scores on Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) for 6 weeks. Results: Group II patients showed greater improvement in both HDRS [Mean (SD) baseline HDRS score=21 (2.3) for group I and 20.0 (1.4) for group-II; time X group interaction effect: p=0.01] and BDI [Mean (SD) baseline BDI score=25.1 (5.2) for group-1 and 23.1 (2.7) for group-II; time X group interaction effect: p=0.01]. With regard to HDRS, 7 (36.8%) group II patients remitted compared to 2 (8.7%) group I patients (p=0.03); 9 (47.4%) patients of group II responded when compared to 6 (26.1%) from group I (p=0.15). When BDI was considered, 5 (26.3%) group II patients remitted when compared to 2 (8.7%) from group I (p=0.13); 10 patients (52.6%) from group II responded when compared to 5 (21.7%) from group I (p=0.04). No adverse effects were noted in either group. Limitations: Lack of a placebo arm and small sample size. Conclusion: Compared to folic acid 1.5 mg/day, augmentation with 5 mg/day may be more beneficial in female patients with depressive episodes taking fluoxetine 20 mg/day. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Long-term response to high-dose diazepam treatment in continuous spikes and waves during sleep$$$ Background: This study evaluated whether the reduction in epileptiform activity after treatment with high-dose diazepam in continuous spikes and waves during sleep persists over time. Patients: Patients aged 1 to 21 years with continuous spikes and waves during sleep who received high-dose nocturnal diazepam and who had electroencephalogram follow-up were included. Twenty-nine patients met the inclusion criteria and underwent a total of 48 high-dose diazepam treatment cycles. Results: An overnight reduction of the spike wave percentage of at least 25% (i.e., 75-50%) occurred in 29 cycles (20 patients), and persisted within 6 months in 16 of 29 cycles (12 patients), but returned to baseline in three of 29 cycles (three patients). An overnight reduction of at least 50% (i.e., 75-25%) occurred in 15 cycles (13 patients), and persisted within 6 months in eight of 15 cycles (eight patients), but returned to baseline in three cycles (three patients). Twenty of 29 cycles that responded in the short term had persistent response on follow-up. Thirteen cycles of treatment were associated with mild side effects that did not recur with repeated treatment cycles. Conclusions: Treatment with high-dose diazepam reduced epileptiform activity in continuous spikes and waves during sleep in the short term, and improvement persisted for several months in most cycles. Short-term response predicted persistence of this effect on subsequent follow-up. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effective treatment of catatonia by combination of benzodiazepine and electroconvulsive therapy$$$ OBJECTIVE: Catatonia, a motor dysregulation syndrome, can emerge in numerous psychiatric disorders, mainly in schizophrenia and mood disorders, and metabolic and endocrine disorders such as infections, toxic states, epilepsy, and traumatic brain injury. In our study, we aimed to investigate demographic, clinical, and treatment-related characteristics of catatonic patients managed in our inpatient clinic. METHODS: The medical records of 57 patients diagnosed to have catatonia according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision, criteria who were admitted to the inpatient psychiatry clinic of the Gaziantep University School of Medicine between 1 January, 2003, and 31 December, 2011, were retrospectively reviewed. RESULTS: In patients with catatonia, mood disorders (63.2%) were found to be the most common underlying or primary disease, whereas mutism (47.4%) was found to be the most common catatonic symptom. There was a comorbid medical condition in 9 patients (15.8%). Patients underwent an average of 9.00 electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) sessions. Among 57 patients with catatonia, catatonic symptoms were resolved in 57 patients (100%) by benzodiazepine and ECT. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, full recovery was achieved in catatonia by benzodiazepine plus ECT combination. As a result, we recommend combined ECT and benzodiazepine for catatonia. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
The prevalence of chronic diseases and multimorbidity in primary care practice: A PPRNet report$$$ Introduction: Multimorbidity (multiple chronic illnesses) greatly affects the delivery of health care and assessment of health care quality. There is a lack of basic epidemiologic data on multimorbidity in the United States. This article addresses the prevalence of 24 chronic illnesses and multimorbidity from primary care practices across the United States. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in the PPRNet, a practice-based research network among 226 practices in 43 states that maintains a clinical database derived from a common electronic health record. Practices providing data as of October 1, 2011, and their active adult patients comprised the population used for analyses. The prevalence of each chronic illness and multimorbidity were calculated. Results: Included in these analyses were 148 practices with 667,379 active patients. Median prevalence across practices ranged from 35.8% for hypertension to 0.23% for Parkinson disease, with wide variability among practices for all conditions. Multimorbidity increased steeply with age, leveling off at age 80; overall, 45.2% of patients had more than one chronic illness. Conclusion: Multimorbidity is a prevalent problem in primary care practice, a finding with implications for health care delivery and payment, quality assessment, and research. ER  - 
Measuring hospital quality using pediatric readmission and revisit rates$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess variation among hospitals on pediatric readmission and revisit rates and to determine the number of high- and low-performing hospitals. METHODS: In a retrospective analysis using the State Inpatient and Emergency Department Databases from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project with revisit linkages available, we identified pediatric (ages 1-20 years) visits with 1 of 7 common inpatient pediatric conditions (asthma, dehydration, pneumonia, appendicitis, skin infections, mood disorders, and epilepsy). For each condition, we calculated rates of all-cause readmissions and rates of revisits (readmission or presentation to the emergency department) within 30 and 60 days of discharge. We used mixed logistic models to estimate hospital-level riskstandardized 30-day revisit rates and to identify hospitals that had performance statistically different from the group mean. RESULTS: Thirty-day readmission rates were low (<10.0%) for all conditions. Thirty-day rates of revisit to the inpatient or emergency department setting ranged from 6.2% (appendicitis) to 11.0% (mood disorders). Study hospitals (n = 958) had low condition-specific visit volumes (37.0%-82.8% of hospitals had <25 visits). The only condition with >1% of hospitals labeled as different from the mean on 30-day risk-standardized revisit rates was mood disorders (4.2% of hospitals [n = 15], range of hospital performance 6.3%-15.9%). CONCLUSIONS: We found that when comparing hospitals' performances to the average, few hospitals that care for children are identified as high- or low-performers for revisits, even for common pediatric diagnoses, likely due to low hospital volumes. This limits the usefulness of condition-specific readmission or revisit measures in pediatric quality measurement. Copyright © 2013 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Long-term safety and efficacy of donepezil in patients with dementia with lewy bodies: Results from a 52-week, open-label, multicenter extension study$$$ Background/Aims: To investigate the safety and efficacy of long-term administration (52 weeks) of donepezil in patients with dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB). Methods: This was a 52-week, multicenter, open-label extension study. Up to 8 weeks after the completion of the preceding randomized, placebo-controlled trial (RCT), patients started treatment with 3 mg of donepezil daily for 2 weeks, followed by 5 mg daily for the remaining 50 weeks. Cognitive function, behavioral and psychiatric symptoms, cognitive fluctuations, and caregiver burden were assessed using the Mini-Mental State Examination, Neuropsychiatric Inventory, Cognitive Fluctuation Inventory, and the Zarit Caregiver Burden Interview, respectively. Safety parameters were monitored throughout. Results: In total, 108 patients were enrolled in the study. Cognitive function and dementia-related behavioral symptoms, including cognitive fluctuations, were improved after the start of donepezil treatment, and improvement was maintained for 52 weeks. Reduction in caregiver burden observed in the preceding RCT returned to the baseline level at 52 weeks. There was no significant imbalance in the incidence of adverse events (AEs) by onset time, and delayed AE onset induced by the long-term administration of donepezil was unlikely to appear. Conclusion: The long-term administration of donepezil at 5 mg/day was well tolerated in patients with DLB and is expected to exhibit lasting effects, improving impaired cognitive function and psychiatric symptoms up to 52 weeks. © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Management and monitoring of patients treated with zonisamide: The OZONE study$$$ Aim: Tocharacterise patients treated with zonisamide in everyday practice and describe the effectiveness and tolerability of treatment. Methods: This was an observational, longitudinal, naturalistic study, conducted by neurologists in France. Patients who had started zonisamide treatment at least three months prior to inclusion were eligible. Data were collected at routine consultations at inclusion (Visit 1) and three to six months later (Visit 2). At Visit 1, investigators documented epilepsy-related variables based on patient records before initiation of zonisamide and at inclusion. At Visit 2, the investigators re-evaluated seizure activity and rated effectiveness. Adverse events were also documented. Results: A total of 428 patients were included in the study based on evaluation by 132 neurologists. Zonisamide was initiated at a daily dose of 50 mg and 25 mg in 61% and 31.8% of patients, respectively. The median maintenance dose was 300 mg/day. Prior to initiation of zonisamide, the mean seizure frequency was 16.0 seizures/month. This was reduced to 8.7 seizures/month at Visit 1 and to 7.1 seizures/month at Visit 2. The response rate and proportion of seizure-free patients was 61.9 and 31.1% at Visit 1 and 65.9 and 25.6% at Visit 2, respectively. The frequency of seizures at Visit 2 decreased significantly (p<0.05) for all seizure type subgroups, except for simple partial seizures. Responder rates were >60% for all analysed subgroups. The proportion of seizure-free patients was significantly higher in patients receiving bitherapy, compared to the others (p=0.007). The most frequently reported adverse event was somnolence (5.1%); three serious adverse events were reported. Conclusion: In everyday practice, zonisamide is principally used in association with other antiepileptic drugs for the treatment of focal epilepsy in adults. It is effective in improving seizure control and quality of life, and is generally well-tolerated. ER  - 
Sexual abuse in Ziguinchor, Senegal: Epidemiology and management$$$ Aims: To determine the frequency of sexual abuse, establish the demographic profile and to evaluate the care of victims of sexual abuse in Ziguinchor. methods: That is a retrospective, descriptive study from February 1, 2008 to August 31, 2010, including all patients received in the Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics, Ziguinchor Regional hospital for sexual abuse. For each patient, data analyzed were sociodemographic data, characteristics of aggression, clinical implications and psychological support. The data were entered and analyzed using the Excel 2003 version. results: 50 cases of sexual abuse were collected on 4950 patients, a prevalence of 1%. The average age of victims was 13 years (range: 3 to 23 years). The abuse took place in the day in 60% of cases. The location was familiar to victims in 70% of cases. The notion of penetrative genital contact was reported in 74% of victims. Physical force or a weapon was used in 34% of cases. The offender was 30 years old in 86% and operated alone in 92% of cases. Half of the victims had consulted in the first 24 hours. Genital trauma was found in 82% of victims. Feelings of fear, shame, or anger was observed in 64% of patients. Antibiotic was prescribed in two-thirds of the victims as postexposure prophylaxis for HIV was performed in only five patients. Emergency contraception was prescribed in 34% of victims. Six pregnancies were recorded. Six patients had developed complications such as depressive syndrome, hysteria with severe epileptiform seizures, mood disorder and psychosis. A proportion of 26% of victims did not consider it necessary to have recourse to justice. Conclusion: The management of a victim of sexual abuse should not stop at a forensic evaluation. We must therefore endeavor to provide a solution to three important consultation which are medical care, legal and emotional. ER  - 
Clozapine initiation in crisis teams$$$ Aims: Our aim was to investigate the practicalities and success rate of clozapine titration in the community in a large sample of patients referred to three crisis teams in a defined geographical area. Methods: We collected data retrospectively of all the referrals for clozapine initiation to three crisis teams across Manchester during a three year period. Results: Out of a total of 6542 referrals, 66 were for clozapine initiation. From these referrals only 54 patients started clozapine, as the others declined the treatment. After commencing clozapine, a total of 46 patients (86.2%) completed the titration successfully. The main reason for discontinuing the clozapine titration in the community was withdrawal of patients' consent. Only one patient was unable to physically tolerate the titration and was admitted to hospital. Conclusions: Clozapine can be safely started in the community. Patients' adherence to the treatment and to the physical monitoring is the key element of a successful outcome. Crisis teams are in an ideal position to support patients undergoing initiation of clozapine at home. ER  - 
U.S. emergency departments visits resulting from poor medication adherence: 2005-07$$$ Objectives: To describe characteristics and trends for emergency department visits related to medication nonadherence and to identify associations between patient characteristics and emergency department visits related to medication nonadherence. Design: Retrospective cross-sectional study. Setting: National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey (NHAMCS) from 2005 to 2007. Patients: Patients who had an emergency department visit for medication nonadherence. Intervention: NHAMCS data were weighted to yield national estimates of emergency department visits related to medication nonadherence. Descriptive frequencies were calculated for visits related and unrelated to medication adherence. A binary logistic regression model was used to identify covariates for nonadherence. Main outcome measures: National estimates of emergency department visits related to medication nonadherence. Results: An estimated 456,209 ± 68,940 (mean ± SD) nonadherence-related visits occurred. Of visits related to nonadherence, 29% resulted from mental health disorders. Significant covariates of nonadherence-related visits included age, payment source, and primary diagnosis. Visits for patients with mental illness (odds ratio 22.74 [95% CI 14.68-34.20]), type 2 diabetes (15.80 [5.20-48.06]), nondependent abuse of drugs (11.85 [3.83-36.65]), or essential hypertension (11.06 [3.99-30.61]) were significantly associated with the probability that an emergency department visit was related to nonadherence. More than 20% of emergency department visits related to medication nonadherence resulted in hospital admission, whereas only 12.7% of visits unrelated to nonadherence resulted in hospital admission (P < 0.0001). Conclusion: Medication nonadherence is an important problem. Targeting patients at high risk for nonadherence, especially patients with mental illness, may improve medication adherence and prevent future emergency department visits. ER  - 
Prognosis of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and discoid lesions$$$ BACKGROUND: It has been observed that patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and discoid lesions have a milder systemic disease. OBJECTIVE: To compare the clinical, demographic and autoantibody profile of systemic lupus erythematosus patients with and without discoid lesions. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective study involving 288 systemic lupus erythematosus patients who met at least four classification criteria of the American College of Rheumatology for systemic lupus erythematosus, comparing the clinical, serological and demographic factors between patients with and without discoid manifestations. RESULTS: Of the 288 patients, 13.8% had discoid lesions. Univariate analysis found no differences in the prevalence of malar rash, photosensitivity, arthritis, serositis, leukopenia, lymphopenia and hemolytic anemia or anemia of the central nervous system (p = ns). Renal lesions were more common in those without discoid lesions (p =0.016), and hemolysis (p<0.0001) was more common in those with discoid lesions. Regarding the profile of autoantibodies, only the anti-RNP antibody was more common in those with discoid events (p =0.04). In a logistic regression study, only the renal lesions and anti-RNP maintained their associations with discoid manifestations. CONCLUSION: Patients with lesions of systemic lupus erythematosus and discoid lesions have lower prevalence of renal involvement and a greater presence of anti RNP. © 2013 by Anais Brasileiros de Dermatologia. ER  - 
Does electroconvulsive therapy cause epilepsy?$$$ OBJECTIVES: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been mentioned as a risk factor for epilepsy in some texts. This observation is based on isolated case reports and 2 studies done in 1980s. Since 1983, no study was done on this topic. The objective of the current study was to find out the incidence of spontaneous seizures after ECT. METHODS: The study was done in Central Institute of Psychiatry, India. It was a retrospective cohort study where files of the patients receiving unmodified ECT during 1990 to 1995 were reviewed over approximately the next 10 years. Patients having the risk factors for spontaneous seizures like past and family history of seizure, substance abuse, and organicity were excluded from the study group. For minimizing the confounding effect of concurrent psychotropic drugs, an age-, sex-, and diagnosis-matched control group was selected. This group consisted of patients admitted during the same time and treated with similar drugs but no ECT. RESULTS: No report of spontaneous seizure was found in the study group of 619 patients. One patient who was excluded from the study group due to suspected neurosyphilis developed recurrent seizures 1 month after ECT. Two patients in the control group had single occasion convulsion with no further recurrence even with continuation of similar drugs. CONCLUSIONS: Electroconvulsive therapy has not been found to cause epilepsy. Patient's underlying organic condition may influence development of seizures. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Juvenile and adult-onset psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Purpose Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) tend to begin in adolescence and young adulthood, although the seizures can occur in a wide range of ages. In the current study, we investigated the age of onset in patients with PNES and tried to determine the correlation between the age of onset and the demographic and clinical characteristics and factors potentially predisposing to PNES. Methods In this cross-sectional study, all patients with a clinical diagnosis of PNES were recruited at the outpatient epilepsy clinic at Shiraz University of Medical Sciences from 2008 to 2012. We dichotomized the patients into two groups; those with age of onset below 18 years (juvenile), and those with age of onset at 18-55 years (adult-onset). We studied the demographic and clinical characteristics and factors potentially predisposing to PNES between these two groups. Statistical analyses were performed using Chi square and Fisher's Exact tests and Mann-Whitney U test. Results Fifty-seven patients with juvenile and 129 people with adult-onset PNES were studied. Demographic characteristics of these two groups were not different significantly. Seizure characteristics and semiology in these two groups were not significantly different either. However, factors potentially predisposing to PNES were significantly different between these two groups. History of being abused, academic failure, epilepsy or family history of epilepsy were more frequently observed in juvenile PNES, while medical comorbidities were more frequent among patients with adult-onset PNES. Conclusion Age of onset of PNES is not correlated with the clinical manifestations; however, factors potentially predisposing to PNES are significantly different in patients with juvenile compared to those with adult-onset PNES. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Levetiracetam vs. sulthiame in benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes in childhood: A double-blinded, randomized, controlled trial (German HEAD Study)$$$ Objective To show non-inferiority of levetiracetam to sulthiame with respect to efficacy, tolerability and safety in benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes in a prospective, double-blinded randomized controlled trial. Methods A sample size of 60 subjects (treatment group) was calculated to show reliable statistical results for non-inferiority. A total of 44 patients could be randomly allocated to either (LEV or STM) treatment group. Explorative data analysis was performed to investigate differences in the number of treatment failure events (occurrence of a seizure during the observation period of 6 months) and total dropouts. In addition, information of the occurrence of adverse events was collected. Results 43 patients were analyzed. One patient had to be excluded due to protocol violation. Treatment failure events occurred in four patients (19.0%) in the LEV treatment group and in two patients (9.1%) in the STM treatment group, respectively, (p = 0.412). The number of dropouts due to adverse reactions was five in the LEV treatment group and one in STM treatment group (23.8% vs. 4.5%, respectively, p = 0.095). Severe adverse events occurred in patients treated with LEV (n = 2, 9.5%). The total number of dropouts due to either seizure recurrence or adverse events was significantly higher in the LEV group (n = 9, 42.9%) compared to the STM group (n = 3, 13.6%, p = 0.03). Interpretation The study results concerning non-inferiority were not conclusive, as the calculated sample size was not reached to support sufficient statistical power due to limited recruitment in a 26 months period. The rates of seizure free patients were [relatively] high in both groups. However, the results indicate that termination of drug treatment due to seizure recurrence or adverse events occurred more frequently in the LEV group compared to STM. Behavioral disturbances were the most common adverse event causing study termination. © 2013 European Paediatric Neurology Society. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights. ER  - 
Risk factors of recurrent seizure, co-morbidities, and mortality in new onset seizure in elderly$$$ Objective To determine the risk factors of seizure recurrence and the most common comorbidities in elderly patients with epilepsy. Method We did a retrospective study of 278 patients older than 65 years with first seizure. We evaluated electrolytes, blood glucose, urea and creatinine levels, and performed electrocardiography (ECG), and routine electroencephalogram (EEG) on all patients. We evaluated seizure recurrence and comorbidities at 2 years. Results Univariate analysis found that significant (P < 0.05) factors affecting seizure recurrence were etiology of seizure, EEG, and status epilepticus at first presentation. In multivariate regression analysis, etiology of seizure and EEG were significant statistical factors in seizure recurrence at 2 years follow up. Age, sex, duration of time between first seizure and diagnosis of seizure, seizure type, misdiagnosis of non-epileptic seizure, and use of antiepileptic drugs were not significant factors for predicting seizure recurrence. Depression and anxiety were the most common comorbidities in our study, followed by sleep-related disorders and stroke. There were no statistically significantly differences in comorbidities between patients who remained seizure free and patients who had recurrent seizure. Conclusion Most of the new onset seizures in our elderly patients were focal onset. Acute symptomatic etiology, remote symptomatic etiology, progressive symptomatic etiology and abnormal EEG features were powerful predictors of seizure recurrence, and mood disorder, sleep disorder and stroke were the common comorbidities. © 2013 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Suicide risk among adults with epilepsy in Kaduna, Nigeria$$$ Objective: There is paucity of information on epilepsy and suicide in Nigeria. The objective of this study therefore was to assess the prevalence and determinants of suicide risk among adults with epilepsy (AWE) in Kaduna, Nigeria. Method: We administered the suicidality module of the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview, the three-item Oslo Social Support Scale and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale to 170 consecutive AWE attending the outpatient clinic of Federal Neuropsychiatric Hospital, Kaduna, between January and June 2011 to determine the prevalence of suicide risk, the level of social support and the psychological symptoms, respectively. We also recorded the sociodemographic and clinical characteristics of the subjects. Results: There are 99 males and 71 females. The subject's mean age was 28.7±12.1 years. The prevalence of suicide risk was 20.0%. Short seizure-free periods (χ2=4.658, P=.031), previous suicide attempts (χ2=12.216, P<.001), anxiety symptoms (χ2=5.075, P=.024) and depressive symptoms (χ2=5.093, P=.016) were significantly associated with suicidal tendencies. However, after a logistic regression analysis, none of the above variables predicted suicide risk. Conclusion: Suicide risk is common among AWE. Poor seizure control, previous suicidal attempts and emotional distress are associated factors. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Trends in menstrual concerns and suppression in adolescents with developmental disabilities$$$ Purpose: Demonstrate changes in methods of menstrual suppression in adolescents with developmental disabilities in a recent 5-year cohort compared with an historical cohort at the same hospital. Methods: Retrospective cohort study of patients with physical and cognitive challenges presenting for menstrual concerns at an Adolescent Gynecology Clinic between 2006 and 2011 compared with a previous published cohort (1998 to 2003). Results: Three hundred patients with developmental disabilities aged 7.3 to 18.5 years (mean 12.1 ± 1.6) were analyzed. Caregiver concerns included menstrual suppression, hygiene, caregiver burden, and menstrual symptoms. Ninety-five percent of patients had cognitive disabilities, 4.4% had only physical impairments. Thirty-two (31.7) percent of patients presented premenarchally. The most commonly selected initial method of suppression was extended or continuous oral contraceptive pill (OCP) (42.3%) followed by patch (20%), expectant management (14.9%), depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) (11.6%), and levonorgestrel intrauterine system (LNG-IUS) (2.8%). Published data from 1998 to 2003 indicated a preference for DMPA in 59% and OCP in 17% of patients. The average number of methods to reach caregiver satisfaction was 1.5. Sixty-five percent of initial methods were continued. The most common reasons for discontinuation were breakthrough bleeding, decreased bone mineral density, or difficulties with patch adherence. Second-choice selections included OCP (42.5%), LNG-IUS inserted under general anesthesia (19.2%), DMPA (17.8%), and patch (13.7%). Conclusions: Since identification of decreased bone mineral density with DMPA and emergence of new contraceptive options, use of extended OCP or patch has surpassed DMPA for menstrual suppression in our patient population. LNG-IUS is an accepted, successful second-line option in adolescents with developmental disabilities. © 2013 Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Results of phase II levetiracetam trial following acute head injury in children at risk for posttraumatic epilepsy$$$ Posttraumatic seizures develop in up to 20% of children following severe traumatic brain injury (TBI). Children ages 6-17 years with one or more risk factors for the development of posttraumatic epilepsy, including presence of intracranial hemorrhage, depressed skull fracture, penetrating injury, or occurrence of posttraumatic seizure were recruited into this phase II study. Treatment subjects received levetiracetam 55 mg/kg/day, b.i.d., for 30 days, starting within 8 h postinjury. The recruitment goal was 20 treated patients. Twenty patients who presented within 8-24 h post-TBI and otherwise met eligibility criteria were recruited for observation. Follow-up was for 2 years. Forty-five patients screened within 8 h of head injury met eligibility criteria and 20 were recruited into the treatment arm. The most common risk factor present for pediatric inclusion following TBI was an immediate seizure. Medication compliance was 95%. No patients died; 19 of 20 treatment patients were retained and one observation patient was lost to follow-up. The most common severe adverse events in treatment subjects were headache, fatigue, drowsiness, and irritability. There was no higher incidence of infection, mood changes, or behavior problems among treatment subjects compared to observation subjects. Only 1 (2.5%) of 40 subjects developed posttraumatic epilepsy (defined as seizures >7 days after trauma). This study demonstrates the feasibility of a pediatric posttraumatic epilepsy prevention study in an at-risk traumatic brain injury population. Levetiracetam was safe and well tolerated in this population. This study sets the stage for implementation of a prospective study to prevent posttraumatic epilepsy in an at-risk population. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2013 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Pseudocyesis study in Brazil$$$ Introduction: Pseudocyesis is a rare condition in which a non-pregnant patient believes to bear a child due to psychological or somatic manifestations,or even both.Usually,there is a misinterpretation of body changes associated with emotional aspect of pregnancy or thought disorders(or chronic mental disorders),what makes pseudopregnancy a complex disorder to deal with,starting with its confusing classification in the DSM IV-TR. Objectives: To document epidemiologic aspects of false pregnancies in a Brazilian population, reporting the most prevalent psychiatric diagnosis and demographic features associated, and compare it to the literature. Methodology: Retrospective study of 20 patients diagnosed with pseudocyesis over a ten-year period in 3 hospitals of a Brazilian central region.Compare data with studies on sociodemographic, clinic, biological and evolutive correlates of pseudocyesis in PubMed. Results: The mean age was 33, with the majority between 20-44. The symptomology matches the literature.Of the women, 15 (83%) were in the reproductive age, but 8 (44%) of them were infertil. Two male patients with pseudocyesis had a typical psychiatric presentation. The psychiatric diagnosis were: 9(45%)affective disorders, 9(45%)psychotic disorders, 1 (2,5%) Huntington's Disease and 1 (2,5%) epilepsy. Conclusions: In terms of Brazil, this is an unique study of the subject, with the greatest data collected so far. We found many similarities,including age,socioeconomic status,symptoms, underlying disorders and history. And we notted the frequency of psychiatric disorders in those patients (specially Bipolar Disorder and Schizophrenia). ER  - 
Do rolandic spikes on EEG at ADHD assessment influence on ADHD subtype and the use of methylphenidate for ADHD?$$$ There are some relationships between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and rolandic spikes (RS) on EEG. RS occur in children with ADHD and may contribute to the occurrence of ADHD symptoms is some cases. Purpose: The aim of the present study was to investigate whether RS on EEG at ADHD assessment influence on the occurrence of ADHD subtype and the use of methylphenidate (MPH) for ADHD. Method: A retrospective study of 607 ADHD children (82.4% male), aged between 5 and 14 years, who were diagnosed between January 2000 and December 2005 was performed. At least one routine awake EEG was recorded on 517 patients and 39 patients had EEG with epileptiform abnormalities (EA). The group with RS (group one) was compared to control groups; group two (patients with EA without RS) and group three (patients without EA). The three groups were followed-up for one year. Measure outcomes were: ADHD subtype and the use of MPH for ADHD. Results: The group with RS consisted of 9 patients, 2 of them had previous history of epilepsy. Group two (patients with EA without RS), consisted of 30 patients, 10 of them had previous epilepsy. Of the 30 patients without EA (group three), nobody had previous epilepsy. ADHD combined subtype was diagnosed in the vast majority of cases in all groups. MPH was used similarly in groups (89%, group one; 87%, group two; 83%, group three). There was no statistic difference between groups with and without RS where MPH was used as medication for ADHD. The previous epilepsy co-morbidity and occurrence of RSs were not a reason for not treating ADHD. Conclusions: The study suggested that RS occurrence at ADHD assessment does not influence on ADHD subtype occurrence and the use of MPH during 12 months follow-up. ER  - 
Effect of risk factors on clinical and electrophysiological findings in ADHD$$$ Objectives: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most commonly seen developmental disorders in childhood. It's etiology however is not well known even though bio-psycho-social reasons have been thought to play a big role. In this retrospective study, the risk factors of ADHD are identified in patients diagnosed with ADHD in childhood; and the aim of the study was to analyse the relationship between clinical symtomps and risk factors to which they were exposed to and their effects on the electrophysiological findings. Material and methods: In this study, the records of 310 patients between 6-15 years of age diagnosed as ADHD who were followed up between January 2007 to May 2012 at Ankara Universty Medical School Pediatric Neurology and Psychiatry departments were studied retrospectively. Out of 310 patients only 140 met the study criteria and were included in the study. The exclusion criteria were as follows; IQ levels below 80, patients with chronic diseases, patients with pervasive developmental disorders or psychotic disorders and sendromic patients. Results: The mean age of the subjects was 9.25±2.02, 119 (85%) were boys, and 21 (13.6%) girls. Epileptiform abnormalities in EEG were found in 32 (22.9%) patients, discharges were mostly in the centrotemporal, parietooccipital, and frontal area. A previous history of epileptic seizures was reported in 20 (14.3%) patients. ADHD- inattentive type was the most common subtype of ADHD. Conclusion: In our study, asphyxia was found to have an effect on the incidence of epilepsy, and gestational age, asphyxia were found to have an effect on the incidence of epileptiform activity. ER  - 
Stroke in children from a public hospital network: A series of cases$$$ Introduction: Stroke in childhood is an event of low prevalence with an incidence of 2-14 cases in 100.000 children1,2. However, it is among the 10 leading causes of death in this population1,2. Early diagnosis requires high clinical suspicion, since the signs and symptoms may be nonspecific, unlike in adults1. The prognosis depends on the extent of brain damage and underlying disease, which can result in complications, risk of sequel and death1,2. Objective: To describe a series of children with stroke in a public hospital in Brasilia, Brazil. Methodology: Retrospective Study of 13 children in a universe of 17,500 patients admitted to the emergency department, from November 2006 to November 2011. Children with a previous diagnosis of sickle cell disease were excluded. All patients were diagnosed with stroke by clinical and neuroimaging abnormalities. They were also subjected to additional tests in search for the etiology of stroke: EEG, thrombophilia tests, electro and echocardiogram, abdominal and renal ultrasound, search for organic acidemias. Results: The sample consisted of six females and seven males, ages ranged from 2 to 10 years with a mean of 4.2. All the children had neurological signs and symptoms: 4 had seizures, 9 had motor deficit syndrome. They all underwent Computed Tomography, Magnetic Resonance and a neurological examination by a pediatric neurologist. All children had abnormal neuroimaging. The heart tests, nephrology and thrombophilia tests of all children were normal. A boy presented hiperlacitemia, a girl had multiple cavernomas and a boy Moya-Moya disease. Three children have evolved without neurologic sequel. Conclusion: This case series showed the need for adequate knowledge of disease pathophysiology, natural history, diagnostic methods as essential tools for early diagnosis and appropriate management to minimize the risk of sequelae. ER  - 
Evaluation of valproic acid noncompliance and the interest of the therapeutic drug monitoring$$$ Introduction: Valproic acid (VPA) is an anticonvulsant drug, used in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder and major depression. Much attention has been focused on patients' compliance in the treatment of epilepsy [1]. It has been found that poor compliance is a widespread and serious problem, which affects seizures control. So the therapeutic drug monitoring is a useful tool to test patient's compliance. Aim: We aimed to compare the characteristics of compliant and noncompliant patients to VPA in order to find out the reasons of noncompliance. Methods: It consisted in a retrospective study made in the National Centre of Pharmacovigilance from January 2013 to May 2013. We collected 499 samples from 422 patients taking valproic acid. The samples were analyzed by an automated chemiluminescence immunoassay. We considered the therapeutic range as 50 to 100 lg/mL [2]. A noncompliant patient was defined as a patient who took irregularly valproic acid based on the questionnaire or who had lower concentrations under the same posology. Results: In our patients, the sex ratio (M/W) was 1.6. The median age was 8.5 years [0.15-74 years] with 68 % of children (age less than 15 years). Among the patients, 92.5 % were followed for seizures, 3 % for psychiatric disorders and 4.5 % for others diseases. A noncompliance was noted in 8 % of the cases (60 % children) with a sex ratio (M/W = 2.5). The mean dose was 26.65 mg/kg/day. The mean concentration was 67 lg/mL, 30.5 % of the VPA concentrations were infratherapeutic, 55 % were in the therapeutic range and 14.5 % were supratherapeutic. In the noncompliant patients, the average dose was 33.5 mg/kg/day and 100 % of them had infratherapeutic concentrations with a mean of 14.34 lg/mL [0-42 lg/ mL]. An adverse drug reaction was noted in 15 % of the patients (among them 9 % were noncompliant). Other anticonvulsant drugs were used in 13.27 % of the patients versus 21.5 % of noncompliant patients. Conclusion: In this study, noncompliance to valproic acid was noted in 8 % of the cases. The therapeutic drug monitoring of valproic acid is recommended in children and seems necessary even for adults because of the noncompliance. ER  - 
Lat typology structure in serbian alcohol addicts-an analysis of therapeutically relevant items$$$ Aims. In order to establish treatment priorities in line with regional morbidity structure of alcohol addicts, an in depth clinical trial using LAT typology was conducted. This is particularly hot topic in the Western Balkan countries due to serious lack of registered and reimbursed anticraving medicines in these markets. Methods. Two hundred and twenty two (207 male) alcohol dependent patients were recruited in Serbia. Average age was 47.25 ± 11.237, have been enrolled consecutively during the period January 2011 - March 2012. The patients were assessed using the Lesch alcoholism typology instrument (LAT). Results. Average age of onset of alcohol dependence was 30.29 ± 8.423 and average age of onset of withdrawal symptoms was 40.69 ± 8.917. Majority of patients showed unexpectedly high rate of anxiety disorders (155 or 70%, p < 0.0001). Suicidal tendencies, independent of alcohol intake or withdrawal syndrome, were also significantly present (84%, p < 0.0001). The LAT structure was as follows: Lesch Type I, II, III and IV (10%, 18%, 49% and 23%, respectively). The sample comprised of dominant number of Type III patients (109 patients). Total patient sample had clinical absence of gastrointestinal diseases in 64%, absence of steatosis in 70% and absence of epileptic seizures in 85%. They were receiving medication against depressed mood (64%) and against agitation (68%). Stuttering (95%) and nail biting (86%) were also absent in most of them. Family positive history of alcohol dependence was present in maternal ancestry in 54%. These patients had suicidal tendencies related with alcohol (15%), sleep disturbances (40%) and depressed mood (59%). Conclusions. Serbian patients are exhibiting clear LAT type III dominant prevalence. Getting familiar with the patterns of alcohol dependence would allow for more targeted, safer and more effective treatment approaches in regional clinical practice. ER  - 
Theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of auditory verbal hallucinations: Results of a randomized controlled study$$$ One Hertz (1 Hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective therapy for auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH). Theta burst protocols (TBS) show longer after-effects. This single-blind, randomized controlled study compared continuous TBS with 1. Hz rTMS in a 10-day treatment. Patients were diagnosed with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. TBS demonstrated equal clinical effects compared to 1. Hz TMS. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Conscious Sedation Procedures Using Intravenous Midazolam for Dental Care in Patients with Different Cognitive Profiles: A Prospective Study of Effectiveness and Safety$$$ The use of midazolam for dental care in patients with intellectual disability is poorly documented. This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of conscious sedation procedures using intravenous midazolam in adults and children with intellectual disability (ID) compared to dentally anxious patients (DA). Ninety-eight patients with ID and 44 patients with DA programmed for intravenous midazolam participated in the study over 187 and 133 sessions, respectively. Evaluation criteria were success of dental treatment, cooperation level (modified Venham scale), and occurrence of adverse effects. The mean intravenous dose administered was 8.8±4.9 mg and 9.8±4.1 mg in ID and DA sessions respectively (t-test, NS). 50% N2O/O2 was administered during cannulation in 51% of ID sessions and 61% of DA sessions (NS, Fisher exact test). Oral or rectal midazolam premedication was administered for cannulation in 31% of ID sessions and 3% of DA sessions (p<0,001, Fisher exact test). Dental treatment was successful in 9 out of 10 sessions for both groups. Minor adverse effects occurred in 16.6% and 6.8% of ID and DA sessions respectively (p = 0.01, Fisher exact test). Patients with ID were more often very disturbed during cannulation (25.4% ID vs. 3.9% DA sessions) and were less often relaxed after induction (58.9% ID vs. 90.3% DA) and during dental treatment (39.5% ID vs. 59.7% DA) (p<0.001, Fisher exact test) than patients with DA. When midazolam sedation was repeated, cooperation improved for both groups. Conscious sedation procedures using intravenous midazolam, with or without premedication and/or inhalation sedation (50% N2O/O2), were shown to be safe and effective in patients with intellectual disability when administered by dentists. © 2013 Collado et al. ER  - 
A retrospective comparison of the effects of propofol and etomidate on stimulus variables and efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy in depressed inpatients$$$ Objective: To compare the effects of propofol and etomidate on the stimulus variables and efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depressed inpatients. Method: This retrospective study included 54 inpatients (aged 18-75. years) who met the DSM-IV criteria for major depression and were treated with bilateral ECT. For the first part of the study, the primary outcome was the mean stimulus charge per ECT session. For the second part, the main outcome measure was the proportion of patients achieving full remission. Results: Propofol-treated patients showed a higher mean stimulus charge (etomidate=227.58. ±. 130.44, propofol=544.91. ±. 237.56, p. <. 0.001) despite the lack of a significant difference in starting threshold doses. The propofol group had shorter mean electroencephalogram (etomidate=69.41. ±. 22.50, propofol=42.95. ±. 22.26, p. <. 0.001) seizure duration and motor (etomidate=46.11. ±. 14.38, propofol=22.89. ±. 7.13, p. <. 0.001) seizure duration and a higher mean number of inadequate seizures (etomidate=0.12. ±. 0.15, propofol=0.47. ±. 0.26, p. <. 0.001). No significant differences were found between the groups for the effects of the anesthetics on the efficacy of ECT. Limitations: Our study is limited by a retrospective design and the small number of patients treated with propofol restricted the sample size. Conclusions: Anesthesia with propofol has a significant reducing effect on seizure duration during the course of ECT which results in more inadequate seizures, despite the use of a higher mean stimulus charge. Regarding the possible effect of the anesthetics on ECT, randomized clinical trials with sufficient power to detect differences are warranted. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
A case series of patients with lamotrigine toxicity at one center from 2003 to 2012$$$ Introduction. Lamotrigine is a phenyltriazine compound that inhibits voltage-gated sodium channels, decreasing release of glutamate and aspartate, and inhibits serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake. Reports of toxicity in the literature are limited to case reports and primarily involve coingestants. This case series is intended to report the clinical manifestations of lamotrigine toxicity. Methods. This retrospective case series from 2003 to 2012 studies the effects of lamotrigine toxicity when not confounded by coingestants. Admission records at an inpatient toxicology center were reviewed for lamotrigine-only exposure based on history with supporting laboratory data when available. After identification, these charts were reviewed again to characterize vital signs, neurological examination findings, specific laboratory and electrocardiography parameters, and complications. Results. Fifty-seven patients were identified with possible lamotrigine toxicity. Nine patients, including three toddlers, had lamotrigine-only ingestions. Three of these patients had seizures, four were hypertensive, five were tachycardic, and four experienced tachypnea. Mental status was altered in all nine (depressed (n = 4), agitated (n = 5) or both (n = 3)). Five patients were hyperreflexic and experienced intermittent myoclonus, and two had inducible clonus. On electrocardiogram, two patients experienced QRS prolongation (114-116 ms), and four had QTc prolongation (463-586 ms). No patient had life-threatening symptoms or signs. Serum levels of lamotrigine were available in seven patients, and averaged 35.4 mg/L (17-90 mg/L). The therapeutic range for sLTG is 3-14 mg/L. Conclusions. Lamotrigine toxicity manifested with minor-moderate neurologic and/or electrocardiographic effects. Toxicity reflects the known pharmacologic actions of lamotrigine: serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibition, and sodium channel blockade. © 2013 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Behavioral and physiologic adverse effects in adolescent and young adult emergency department patients reporting use of energy drinks and caffeine$$$ Introduction. This pilot study assessed the prevalence of physiologic and behavioral adverse effects among adolescent (13-17 years) and adult (18-25 years) emergency department patients who reported energy drink and/or caffeinated-only beverage use within the 30 days prior to emergency department presentation. It was hypothesized that energy drink users would report more adverse effects than those who used only traditional caffeinated beverages such as coffee, tea, or soft drinks. Methods. This cross-sectional pilot study was conducted in two urban emergency departments, one adult and one pediatric. Eligible patients were enrolled during a 6-week period between June and August 2010. Participants completed a tablet computer-based, self-administered, anonymous questionnaire about their past 30-day energy drink and/or caffeinated-only beverage use, substance use, and experience of 10 physiologic and 10 behavioral symptoms. Multivariable logistic regression and negative binomial regression models, adjusted for age, gender, and substance use, were created to compare the occurrence of each adverse effect between energy drink and caffeinated-only beverage users. Odds ratios (ORs) and incidence rate ratios (IRRs) were estimated. Results. Of those enrolled, 53.3% reported consuming energy drinks, 39.1% caffeinated-only beverages, and 7.6% no energy drinks or caffeinated-only beverages within the past 30 days. In multivariable logistic regression models, energy drink users were more likely than caffeinated-only beverage users to report having "gotten into trouble at home, school, or work" in the past 30 days (OR: 3.12 [1.24-7.88]). In the negative binomial regression multivariable models, more behavioral effects were reported among drug users (IRR: 1.50 [1.18-1.93]), and more physiologic effects were reported among tobacco users (IRR: 1.42 [1.13-1.80]) and females (IRR: 1.48 [1.21-1.80]), but not among energy drink users. Conclusions. Energy drink users and substance users are more likely to report specific physiologic and behavioral adverse effects. Emergency department clinicians should consider asking patients about energy drink and traditional caffeine usage and substance use when assessing patient symptoms. © 2013 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Measuring Access to Medicines: A Survey of Prices, Availability and Affordability in Shaanxi Province of China$$$ Objective:To measure the prices and availability of selected medicines in Shaanxi Province after the implementation of new healthcare reform in 2009.Methods:Data on the prices and availability of 47 medicines were collected from 50 public and 36 private sector medicine outlets in six regions of Shaanxi Province, Western China using a standardized methodology developed by the World Health Organization and Health Action International from September to October 2010. Medicine prices were compared with international reference prices to obtain a median price ratio. Affordability was measured as the number of days' wages required for the lowest-paid unskilled government worker to purchase standard treatments for common conditions.Findings:The mean availabilities of originator brands and lowest-priced generics were 8.9% and 26.5% in the public sector, and 18.1% and 43.6% in the private sector, respectively. The public sector procured generics and originator brands at median price ratios of 0.75 and 8.49, respectively, while patients paid 0.97 and 10.16. Final patient prices for lowest-priced generics and originator brands in the private sector were about 1.53 and 8.36 times their international retail prices, respectively. Public sector vendors applied high markups of 30.4% to generics, and 19.6% to originator brands. In the private sector, originator brands cost 390.7% more, on average, than their generic equivalents. Generic medicines were priced 17.3% higher in the private sector than the public sector. The lowest-paid government worker would need 0.1 day's wages to purchase captopril for lowest-priced generics from private sector, while 6.6 days' wages for losartan. For originator brands, the costs rise to 1.2 days' wages for salbutamol inhaler and 15.6 days' wages for omeprazole.Conclusions:The prices, availability and affordability of medicines in China should be improved to ensure equitable access to basic medical treatments, especially for the poor. This requires multi-faceted interventions, as well as the review and refocusing of policies, regulations and educational interventions. © 2013 Jiang et al. ER  - 
Electroencephalogram in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: Spike and wave paroxysms, foci, and Seizures$$$ Summary: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a syndrome of unknown etiology that affects 3% to 7% of the population. Although no objective test exists to support the diagnosis, EEG discharges related to the neuropsychiatric abnormalities have a high incidence in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. The aim of this study was to elucidate the quantitative and qualitative characteristics of EEG abnormality in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Nonrapid eye movement sleep EEGs were evaluated in 134 patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in terms of age, EEG timing, spike and wave index, foci, and seizures. All patients had spike and wave paroxysms that changed with age at and time to first EEG. Only half of the patients had seizures and 46 patients had neither seizures nor foci. Thirty-eight patients had the EEG findings of benign focal epilepsy of childhood. Our data support the view that spike and wave activity evolves in time and that EEG discharges are related to neuropsychiatric symptoms even when a diagnosable seizure disorder is absent. © 2013 by the American Clinical Neurophysiology Society. ER  - 
Are non-serious adverse reactions to psychiatric drugs really non-serious?$$$ Objective: The EudraVigilance Pharmacovigilance system classifies the seriousness of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) based on the requirement of hospital care. To date, no systematic study has been conducted on the impact of non-serious ADRs, in terms of therapy continuation and course of the underlying disease. We analyzed a pediatric population receiving psychiatric care and subjected to drug treatment, to assess whether non-serious ADRs do or do not have a relevant clinical impact. Methods: Data from a 1 year period were collected, which included: Administered drugs, choices made to manage the ADRs, the long-term (6 month) effect of these interventions on the course of the reaction, and their impact on the drug treatment for the underlying pathology. Results: Observed ADRs were concordant with those previously described for the same drug classes, and mainly comprised alterations of behavior, mood, and sleep (53%) and excessive variations of appetite and body weight (39%). The type of drug influenced the management decision, as we found that drug discontinuation was the most frequent strategy employed to resolve ADRs, especially with drugs employed in the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorders (63%, p<0.05), whereas management of antipsychotics mainly relied upon drug substitution (21%, p<0.01). Also, the type of ADR influenced the management decision, as alterations of behavior, mood, and sleep were seldom managed by maintaining the drug unchanged (10%, p<0.05), at variance with appetite/weight alteration ADRs (unchanged in 41%, p<0.01). Follow-up information revealed that drug discontinuation was most efficient at treating ADRs (no persistent ADRs, p<0.01), but had a severe impact on the course of the underlying psychiatric disease. Conversely, management of ADRs by maintaining the original drug even if at different dosage did not lead to an amelioration of the reactions; however, as it caused a significant clinical improvement (83%, p<0.04) that superseded the ADR in terms of clinical benefit. Conclusions: These data suggest that the best strategy to improve both ADR management and the clinical course of patients is to limit, whenever possible, changes to the original therapy. Optimization of the actual therapeutic regimes also might benefit from development of specific pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic monitoring programs. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Stressor-related disorders in tuberous sclerosis$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) have high rates of psychiatric comorbidity, including mood and anxiety disorders. The aim of this study is to identify patients with stressor-related disorders such as posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) or adjustment disorder (AD) and to describe their clinical picture in the setting of TSC. METHODS: Retrospective review of medical charts of TSC patients referred for a stressor-related disorder to a TSC psychiatric clinic. RESULTS: We identified 7 females and 2 males (3 PTSD, 6 AD), including 4 children. Two patients with severe intellectual disability presented with aggression and the remaining patients presented with avoidance. The mean duration of symptoms at the time of the study was 21 months (range: 7 to 48 months) and 7 of the 9 patients still were having traumarelated symptoms. All the patients who received an initial diagnosis of AD had their diagnosis changed to another category because their symptoms lasted >6 months. In most cases, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors improved the symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: Stressor-related disorders in TSC frequently linger beyond 6 months and may appear with triggering events that typically are not viewed as trauma in a normal population. ER  - 
Seizures and epilepsy in elderly patients of an urban area of Iran: Clinical manifestation, differential diagnosis, etiology, and epilepsy subtypes$$$ The incidences of seizures and epilepsy in the population show a peak after 60 years of age. Due to the lack of reported clinical aspects of seizure and epilepsy in the older patients in our region in Iran, this study was conducted to describe the clinical manifestation, etiology, differential diagnosis, and epilepsy subtypes of epilepsy and seizure. A cross-sectional retrospective study was performed on all consecutively elderly seizure and epilepsy patients, referred to the Epilepsy Association in the city of Qom, Iran over a 10-year period. A total of 466 patients aged >60 years were admitted. 31 % of the patients had epilepsy or seizure and 69 % of them had non-epileptic events. The most prevalent differential diagnoses in the beginning were syncope and cardiovascular disorders. The most frequent clinical symptom of epilepsy was generalized tonic-clonic seizures (75 %). The most common cause of seizure was systemic metabolic disorder (27 %). In epileptic elderly patients, no cause was ascertained for 38 % and the most frequently observed pathological factors were cerebrovascular diseases, which accounted for 24 %. The most common type of epileptic seizure was generalized epileptic seizures (75 %). 10 % of elderly epileptic patients suffered from status epilepticus, which was primarily caused by anoxia. Despite the rising rate and potentially profound physical and psychosocial effects of seizures and epilepsy, these disorders have received surprisingly little research focus and attention in Iran. Referring older patients to a specialist or a specialist epilepsy center allows speedy assessment, appropriate investigation and treatment, and less likely to miss the diagnosis. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Italia. ER  - 
Epidemiology, outcomes and predictors of recovery in childhood encephalitis: A hospital-based study$$$ BACKGROUND: Pediatric encephalitis is a devastating diagnosis with little guidance regarding prognostic indicators early in the hospitalization. METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study of patients with encephalitis referred to the California Encephalitis Project from Children's Hospital & Research Center Oakland from 1998 to 2010. Demographic, clinical, laboratory and neuroimaging data were collected by California Encephalitis Project and chart review. Outcomes were classified into "recovery" or "incomplete recovery" and evaluated at discharge and other times (7-10 days postadmission, 3 and 12 months postdischarge). Using logistic regression, predictors associated with recovery were identified. RESULTS: Of 190 patients with outcomes available at discharge, 128 patients (67.4%) recovered, whereas 62 (32.6%) had an incomplete recovery, including 13 deaths (6.8%). Variables predictive of outcomes at discharge in the bivariate and multivariable analyses included Asian/Pacific Islander race, neuroimaging results and Glasgow Coma Score. Asian/Pacific Islander patients were less likely to recover than patients of other races (adjusted odds ratio = 0.43, P = 0.046). Patients with normal neuroimaging studies were more likely to recover than patients with abnormal neuroimaging (adjusted odds ratio = 2.54, P = 0.008). Patients with Glasgow Coma Score ≥7 were more likely to recover than patients with Glasgow Coma Score <7 (adjusted odds ratio = 5.82, P < 0.001). In a multivariable analysis, similar statistically significant findings were noted at all other analyzed times. Results were similar using a different population for validation, however, due to the small number of Asian/Pacific Islander patients; this finding could not be validated. CONCLUSIONS: This study is unique in identification of race/ethnicity as an independent predictor of pediatric encephalitis outcomes. Additional variables may be useful ancillary tools in determining prognosis. Copyright © 2013 Lippincott Williams &Wilkins. ER  - 
Adenovirus infection associated with central nervous system dysfunction in children$$$ Background: Adenovirus is a common pathogen in the pediatric population. No reports systemically evaluated central nervous system (CNS) dysfunction associated with adenovirus. Objective: To describe the detailed clinical features of adenovirus-associated CNS dysfunction in children. Study design: Of 3298 children with a throat virus culture positive for adenovirus treated at a university-affiliated hospital, from January 2000 to June 2008, in northern Taiwan, medical charts were retrospectively reviewed and those with CNS dysfunction were included. Results: 109 (3.3%) children had signs or symptoms of CNS dysfunction on admission. The median age was 3.6 years and 81 (76%) were less than 5 years of age. 64 (59%) were male. The most frequently cited CNS symptoms were seizure (64%), altered state of consciousness (13%), visual hallucination (9.3%) and lethargy (7.5%). The most common diagnoses included febrile seizure (48%), encephalitis (26%), afebrile seizure (11%) and meningitis/meningismus (8.3%). 31 (46%) of 67 patients receiving electroencephalogram examination had abnormal findings and 13 (36%) of 36 with image studies had abnormal findings. Ninety-nine (91%) children returned to normal health, 7 (6.4%) had a sequel of seizure disorder, and 3 (2.7%) had major sequelae and none died. Nine serotypes were identified, with three major serotypes (types 3, 2 and 1). Conclusion: CNS dysfunction was identified in 3.3% of children with adenoviral infection and most occurred in those <5 years old. The clinical prognosis seemed well. However, CNS dysfunction is a potentially serious complication of adenovirus infection in children. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Valproic acid-induced parkinsonism: Levodopa responsiveness with dyskinesia$$$ Background: Valproic acid is a drug used for the treatment of a variety of psychiatric and neurological disorders. While it is well known to cause postural tremor, hyperammonemia, slowness, and sedation, it has also been described to occasionally cause a reversible form of parkinsonism. Materials and methods: A series of five cases is reported. Results: All patients were taking the drug for at least several months before onset of their parkinsonian symptoms. Parkinsonism was defined by the presence of bradykinesia, rigidity, postural instability, and resting tremor, but not postural or action tremor. After discontinuing their valproic acid, improvement was seen by all patients. The course of improvement took days to months after discontinuance. Two of these patients responded to dopaminergic therapy, with drug-induced dyskinesia observed in one. In another patient, valproic acid was thought to unmask underlying Parkinson's Disease; this patient benefited from levodopa as well. Conclusion: Valproic acid-induced parkinsonism can look identical to idiopathic parkinsonism. In all five cases, the relationship between the valproic acid use and parkinsonism was initially unclear because of the delayed and insidious onset. Our finding of levodopa responsiveness and dyskinesia added to the diagnostic confusion. This treatment responsiveness also set it apart from neuroleptic-induced parkinsonism. In all cases improvement of symptoms occurred after discontinuation of the offending medication. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
A randomized open-label observational study to compare the efficacy and tolerability between topiramate and valproate in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy$$$ Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME) is managed with valproate in most patients; however, valproate is an antiepileptic drug that has relatively severe adverse effects, especially in women. We performed a prospective, open-label, randomized observational study for comparison of efficacy and tolerability between topiramate and valproate in patients with JME. The inclusion criteria were patients with newly diagnosed JME or previously diagnosed JME with a history of a poor response or adverse effects to other antiepileptic drugs. The primary endpoint of this study was percentage of patients who were free of myoclonic seizures for 24 weeks in the two groups. The frequency and severity of adverse effects were also assessed. Sixteen patients were randomized to topiramate and 17 to valproate. In the topiramate arm, 11 of 16 patients (68.9%) completed 24-week maintenance therapy and seven of the 11 (64%) were seizure-free. In the valproate arm, 16 of 17 patients (94.1%) completed 24-week follow-up and nine of 16 (56%) were seizure-free. The difference (64% topiramate versus 56% valproate) did not reach statistical significance in this study group (p = 0.08, Fisher's exact test). However, the severity of adverse effects was significantly different. Only 1 of 10 adverse effects from topiramate was ranked moderate-to-severe (10%), in comparison with severe rankings for 10 of 17 adverse effects from valproate (59%) (p = 0.018, Fisher's exact test). In summary, the efficacy of topiramate and valproate was not different, but the severity of adverse effects was favourable for topiramate. Our findings suggest that valproate may be replaced with topiramate, especially for the patients with JME who do not tolerate valproate. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Early and late postoperative seizure outcome in 97 patients with supratentorial meningioma and preoperative seizures: A retrospective study$$$ We identified factors associated with early and late postoperative seizure control in patients with supratentorial meningioma plus preoperative seizures. In this retrospective study, univariate analysis and multivariate logistic regression analysis compared 24 clinical variables according to the occurrence of early (≤1 week) or late (>1 week) postoperative seizures. Sixty-two of 97 patients (63.9 %) were seizure free for the entire postoperative follow-up period (29.5 ± 11.8 months), while 13 patients (13.4 %) still had frequent seizures at the end of follow-up. Fourteen of 97 patients (14.4 %) experienced early postoperative seizures, and emergence of new postoperative neurological deficits was the only significant risk factor (odds ratio = 7.377). Thirty-three patients (34.0 %) experienced late postoperative seizures at some time during follow-up, including 12 of 14 patients with early postoperative seizures. Associated risk factors for late postoperative seizures included tumor progression (odds ratio = 7.012) and new permanent postoperative neurological deficits (odds ratio = 4.327). Occurrence of postoperative seizures in patients with supratentorial meningioma and preoperative seizure was associated with new postoperative neurological deficits. Reduced cerebral or vascular injury during surgery may lead to fewer postoperative neurological deficits and better seizure outcome. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Risk assessment of bupropion exposures and toxicities-a multi-center retrospective study$$$ Study Objective : To characterize the clinical effects of acute bupropion poisonings and to assess the toxic dose of this drug in a multi-center managed care hospital setting Methods : All patients age 13 or greater with acute accidental and intentional bupropion exposures presented to nineteen Northern California Kaiser Permanente medical centers from January 2008 thru August 2012 were retrospectively reviewed. Results : A total of 122 cases were identified and 97 cases are intentional (79.5%). Mean age was 37.3 yrs. (SD 16.9) with a range of 13 - 90 yrs. Doses were known in 86 patients (71%). Tachycardia was observed in 77 patients (63%); agitation 48 (39%); nausea/ vomiting 46 (38%); QTc prolongation 45 (20%, QTc > 450ms); sedation 41 (34%); altered mental status 36 (30%); dizziness 26 (21%); seizure 19 (15%); hallucination 18 (15%), headache 7 (6%), blurry vision 4 (3%), hypotension 4 (3%), chest pain 2 (2%). There were 2 deaths in the study. Assessing doses with onset of seizures, patients with doses > 1350 mg are at an increase risk of seizures (p = 0.004; OR 12.29, 95% CI 1.52 - 99). In Comparison of seizure with range of tachycardia, seizure is most likely to occur in patients with heart rate (HR) > 150 bpm as oppose to HR < 150 bpm (p = 0.001; OR 10.86, 95% CI 2.18 - 53.95). The median duration of tachycardia in patients with seizures is 11.1 hours (hrs) comparing to patients without seizures (3 hrs; p = 0.003). Assessing doses against QTc prolongation, patients with doses > 3000 mg are at an increase risk in prolonged QTc (p = 0.013; OR 3.38, 95% CI 1.26 - 9.02) Conclusions : Acute bupropion poisonings most commonly result in tachycardia, agitations, and nausea/vomiting. Other commonly observed cardiac toxicity include prolonged QTc especially with doses above 3000 mg. Onset of seizures is most likely to occur with doses above 1350 mg or when HR is above 150 bpm. Long period of tachycardia also predicts likelihood of seizures. ER  - 
Survey of adults with epilepsy in Hungary: Health related quality of life and costs$$$ Background and purpose - Disease burden of epilepsy in Hungary is underexplored. The aim of our study was to assess the quality of life and costs of adults with epilepsy. Methods - Cross-sectional questionnaire survey was performed in two hospital based outpatient neurology centres involving consecutive patients with epilepsy. Demography, clinical characteristics, health status (EQ-5D) and health care utilisation in the past 12 months were surveyed. Cost calculation was performed from the societal perspective. Results - Altogether 100 patients (women 58%) were involved, their mean age was 37.6 (SD= 12.5) years. Disease duration was 15.0 (SD= 12.1) years on average and 22 (22%) patients were disability pensioners. The EQ-5D score was mean 0.83 (SD=0.24) which is significantly lower than the age-matched population norm (p=0.017). Pain/discomfort and anxiety/depression are the most problematic health dimensions. The annual cost per patient was mean 2421 (SD=3249) Euros (679 397 SD=911 783 HUF; conversion: 1 Euro=280.6 HUF), distribution between direct medical, direct non-medical and indirect costs was 33%, 18% or 49%. Patients with seizure in the past 12 months have higher cost on avergare than the asymptomatic subsample (3119 vs. 988 Euros/patient/year; 935 481 vs. 277 209 HUF/patient/year). Conclusion - Adults with epilepsy have significantly worse health status by the EQ-5D than the gender and age matched Hungarian general population. Disease related costs are significant especially in cases with seizure, productivity loss related costs are dominant. Our study provides basic data for clinical and sustainable health care financing decisions. ER  - 
The risk of developing depression when suffering from neurological diseases.$$$ To investigate the comorbidity of Alzheimer's/dementia, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's with depression. 42,914 patients who were newly diagnosed with the four comorbid diseases were included in the study. We analyzed how many of these patients developed depression within five years. Between 21% (males with epilepsy) and 39% (women with Parkinson's)/44% (Alzheimer's patients under 60 years) developed depression within five years. We recommend routine checks for depression in patients diagnosed with one of these diseases, especially in the most comorbid ones. ER  - 
Neurological manifestations in children with sanjad-sakati syndrome$$$ Background: Sanjad-Sakati syndrome (SSS), also known as hypoparathyroidism-mental retardation-dysmorphism syndrome, or HRD, is a rare disorder characterized by growth and developmental delay, and by mental retardation and dysmorphic features.Objective: The objective of this study was to clarify the clinical and neurological features of SSS.Patients: Twenty-four patients were included in the study. They were seen at two hospitals in Kuwait.Methods: This was a retrospective study of patients with SSS who attended the pediatric endocrinology, genetic, and neurology clinics in the Aladan and Alfarawanya hospitals in Kuwait from September 2007 to September 2012. Clinical and radiological data were obtained from each patient's medical records.Results: All 24 patients had the characteristic dysmorphic features and laboratory findings of SSS. Consanguinity was reported in 75% of parents. Neurological manifestations in the form of microcephaly, developmental delay, mental retardation, and seizures were reported in all patients. Computerized tomography scans and/or magnetic resonance imaging showed evidence of intracranial calcifications in 29.2% of patients. Two patients showed a thin corpus callosum, and one patient showed intraventricular hemorrhaging.Conclusion: Patients with SSS display a variety of dysmorphic features and neurological manifestations, including microcephaly, mental retardation, intracranial calcification, and epilepsy. © 2013 Elhassanien and Alghiaty, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Marital adjustment for patients with epilepsy in China$$$ Marriage is a major source of social support and a predictor of health; however, marriages that involve people with epilepsy are more likely to fail. To explore this issue in China, we compared the marital adjustment of patients with epilepsy to control subjects using the Dyadic Adjustment Scale (DAS). A total of 136 married persons with epilepsy and 145 healthy control subjects were recruited. The DAS score was significantly lower in people with active epilepsy than in the controls (102.0. ±. 17.8 vs. 109.2. ±. 15.8, p. <. 0.001). A hierarchical regression showed that depression and social support satisfaction were significant predictors for DAS. Psychosocial variables accounted for 24.0% of the variance in DAS after control for demographic and seizure-related factors in patients with active epilepsy. The result suggests that people with active epilepsy in our sample encountered more marital discord than controls. Treatment to control mood disorder and support intervention might be important for their marital adjustment. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Treating myoclonic epilepsy in children: State-of-the-art$$$ Introduction: Myoclonic seizures can be observed in various clinical settings and different epileptic conditions, including some forms of both diopathic and symptomatic epilepsies. Relatively little has been written on treatment of myoclonic seizures. Some old antiepileptic drugs, such as valproate and some benzodiazepines, are widely used but more treatment options exist today for some newer antiepileptic drugs. Nevertheless, patients can be refractory to drug treatment and some drugs may exacerbate or even induce myoclonus. Areas covered: Key safety, tolerability, and efficacy data are presented for different antiepileptic drugs with antimyoclonic effect, alone and/or in combination. Expert opinion: Treatment of myoclonic seizures in children is mainly based on prospective and retrospective studies, with little evidence from randomized clinical trials. Valproate is commonly the first choice alone or in combination with some benzodiazepines or levetiracetam. There is still insufficient evidence for the use of topiramate and zonisamide as monotherapy. Of major importance remains avoidance of medication that may aggravate the seizures. Better understanding of pathophysiologic mechanisms of myoclonic seizures and myoclonic epilepsies could yield great improvement in the treatment and quality of life of patients. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Lupus, still a mystery: A comparison of clinical features of Pakistani population living in suburbs of Karachi with other Asian countries$$$ Objective: To determine the presenting features of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus at a private hospital in Karachi, and to compare the features with those of other Asian populations. Methods: The retrospective study comprised records of all lupus cases meeting the revised American Rheumatism Association criteria at the time of presentation at Jinnah Medical College Hospital, Karachi, from May 2008 to June 2011. Demographic and clinical data was analysed using SPSS 11.5. Results: Of the 105 cases in the study, there were 6 (5.7%) males and 99 (94.3%) females, with a male-to-female ratio of 1:16 and a mean age of 31.6±10.5 years. Clinical manifestations included: constitutional symptoms in (n=69; 65.7%), arthropathy (n=81; 77%), cutaneous involvement (n=39; 37%), lupus nephritis (n=24; 22.8%), pleurisy (n=9; 8.6%), Raynaud's phenomenon (n=24; 22.8%), and vasculitis (n=18; 17%). One (0.95%) patient presented with mononeuritis multiplex, and 1 (0.95%) with acute pancreatitis. Conclusion: The diversity in clinical presentation appeared to be a reflection of the great variability that exists among Asian countries with regards to their genetic, environmental and socio-demographic backgrounds. The differences also existed in our own population, suggesting some unknown etiology. ER  - 
Subcutaneous interferon beta-1a in pediatric multiple sclerosis: A retrospective study$$$ To expand current knowledge, we examined the safety and tolerability of subcutaneous interferon β-1a in patients with pediatric-onset multiple sclerosis. Records from 307 patients who had received at least 1 injection of subcutaneous interferon β-1a for demyelinating events when aged younger than 18 years were reviewed. Overall, 168 (54.7%) patients had at least 1 prespecified medical event related to or under close monitoring with subcutaneous interferon β-1a or specific to pediatric patients, 184 (59.9%) had nonserious medical events related to treatment or of unknown causality, and 12 (3.9%) had serious medical events irrespective of causality. The most common laboratory abnormalities were increased alanine (74/195; 37.9%) and aspartate aminotransferase levels (59/194; 30.4%). Annualized relapse rates were 1.79 before treatment and 0.47 during treatment. In conclusion, adult doses of subcutaneous interferon β-1a (44 and 22 μg, 3 times weekly) were well tolerated in pediatric patients and were associated with reduced relapse rates. © The Author(s) 2013. ER  - 
Mood disorders in youth: Exercise, light therapy, and pharmacologic complementary and integrative approaches$$$ The therapeutic value of physical exercise, bright light therapy and dawn simulation, and several pharmacologic treatments, including hypericum (St. John's wort), S-adenosylmethionine, and 5-hydroxytryptophan, are reviewed, with a focus on their use for treating major depressive disorder in children and adolescents and also for alleviating depressed mood in the general (nonclinical) population of youth. For each treatment discussed, all published randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials are summarized, along with some additional selected studies. Nutritional psychopharmacology and several other approaches to treating depression will be presented in an upcoming volume in the Child and Adolescent Psychiatric Clinics of North America. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Increasing use of atypical antipsychotics and anticonvulsants during pregnancy$$$ Purpose: To quantify maternal use of atypical antipsychotics, typical antipsychotics, anticonvulsants, and lithium during pregnancy. Methods: Tennessee birth and death records were linked to Tennessee Medicaid data to conduct a retrospective cohort study of 296817 women enrolled in Tennessee Medicaid throughout pregnancy who had a live birth or fetal death from 1985 to 2005. Results: During the study time period, the adjusted rate of use of any study medication during pregnancy increased from nearly 14 to 31 per 1000 pregnancies (β=0.08, 95% CI=0.07, 0.09). Significant increases were reported in use of anticonvulsants alone among mothers with pain and other psychiatric disorders, atypical antipsychotics alone among mothers with bipolar disorders, schizophrenia, unipolar depressive disorders, and other psychiatric disorders, and more than one studied medication for mothers with epilepsy, pain disorders, bipolar disorders, unipolar depressive disorders, and other psychiatric disorders. Significant decreases were reported in use of lithium alone and typical antipsychotics alone for all clinically meaningful diagnosis groups. Conclusions: There was a substantial increase in use of atypical antipsychotics alone, anticonvulsants alone, and medications from multiple studied categories among Tennessee Medicaid-insured pregnant women during the study period. Further examination of the maternal and fetal consequences of exposure to these medications during pregnancy is warranted. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Efficacy of diltiazem as an adjunct to lignocaine in intravenous regional anesthesia$$$ Background: Various adjuncts have been used with lignocaine to decrease tourniquet pain and prolong post-operative analgesia during intravenous regional anesthesia (IVRA). Calcium-channel blockers potentiate the analgesic effect of local anesthetics. This study was designed to evaluate the efficacy of diltiazem as an adjunct to lignocaine in IVRA with respect to tourniquet tolerance, perioperative analgesia, and quality of anesthesia. Methods: In this prospective, randomized, and double-blind study, 40 patients (American Society for Anesthesiologists grade I/II) undergoing elective hand surgery under IVRA were assigned into two groups of 20 each and administered IVRA either with lignocaine 3 mg/kg (group Lignocaine (L)) or lignocaine 3 mg/kg plus diltiazem 0.2 mg/kg (group Lignocaine-Diltiazem (LD)) with normal saline (total volume-40 ml). Hemodynamic parameters, onset of the complete sensory blockade, motor blockade, and intraoperative (tourniquet pain) and post-operative Visual Analogue Scale scores, total intraoperative and consumption of post-operative fentanyl intraoperative were recorded. Results: Sensory block was established in 2.5±0.688 min in group LD verses 5.60±0.851 min in group L. Motor blockade was established in 8.65±0.933 min in group LD and 13.46±0.604 min in group L. The mean VAS scores >3 were attained early at 30 min (3.1±0.912) in group L. Patients in group L requested early rescue analgesic at 30±8.633 min compared with 49.64±7.958 min in group LD. Conclusions: Diltiazem as an adjunct to lignocaine provided enhanced intraoperative and post-operative analgesia without any significant side effects. ER  - 
Social inequalities in lawsuits for drugs$$$ The aim of this study was to characterize the lawsuits requesting drugs considering the economic profile of their petitioners. All lawsuits (1378) accepted against Goiânia, GO from 2003 to 2007 were analyzed. Petitioners' demographic characteristics, reported diseases, requested drugs, origin of healthcare service, and lawsuit agent were described. Complainants' addresses were geo referenced and distributed into 4 regional groups classified in accordance with the population's average income. Dwellers of wealthier regions fled court actions requesting drugs more frequently, with an average rate of 1.7 lawsuits/1000 inhabitants versus 0.55/1000 in the poorer region. Lawsuit costs were 4-fold higher in wealthier regions compared with the poorest region. Chronic diseases were involved in most lawsuits, where acute and low complexity diseases predominated among complainants living in poorer regions. Thus, social differences were reflected in the granting of health rights. ER  - 
Cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in patients with varicella-zoster virus CNS infections$$$ Varicella-zoster virus (VZV) is one of our most common viruses causing central nervous system (CNS) infection with sometimes severe neurological complications. Glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAp), light subunit of neurofilament protein (NFL) and S-100β protein are cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) biomarkers that have been used to estimate the severity of brain damage and outcome in various CNS diseases. So far, these biomarkers have not been utilised to investigate glial pathology and neuronal damage in patients with VZV CNS infections. In this prospective study, we measured CSF GFAp, NFL and S-100β as markers of brain damage in 24 patients with acute neurological manifestations and VZV DNA detected in CSF by PCR and compared with a control group (n = 14). Concentrations of CSF NFL and GFAp were increased in patients with VZV CNS infection compared with controls (p = 0.002 and p = 0.03) while levels of S-100β were reduced. In patients with VZV encephalitis the elevations of CSF NFL and GFAp were more pronounced compared with patients with other VZV CNS syndromes. No correlations between the levels of biomarkers and viral load, neurological sequels or clinical outcome were found in this limited number of patients. These results indicate that VZV induces neuronal damage and astrogliosis with more severe brain damage in patients with VZV encephalitis than in patients with other neurological complications caused by this virus. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Association of discoid lupus erythematosus with other clinical manifestations among patients with systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Background: Cutaneous discoid lupus erythematosus (DLE) among patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) may be associated with less severe disease and with low frequency of nephritis and end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Objective: We sought to investigate associations between confirmed DLE and other SLE manifestations, adjusting for confounders. Methods: We identified patients with rheumatologist confirmation, according to 1997 American College of Rheumatology (ACR) SLE classification criteria, more than 2 visits, longer than 3 months of follow-up, and documented year of SLE diagnosis. DLE was confirmed by a dermatologist, supported by histopathology and images. SLE manifestations, medications, and serologies were collected. Multivariable-adjusted logistic regression analyses tested for associations between DLE and each of the ACR SLE criteria, and ESRD. Results: A total of 1043 patients with SLE (117 with DLE and 926 without DLE) were included in the study. After multivariable adjustment, DLE in SLE was significantly associated with photosensitivity (odds ratio [OR] 1.63), leukopenia (OR 1.55), and anti-Smith antibodies (OR 2.41). DLE was significantly associated with reduced risks of arthritis (OR 0.49) and pleuritis (OR 0.56). We found no significant associations between DLE and nephritis or ESRD. Limitations: Cross-sectional data collection with risk of data not captured from visits outside system was a limitation. Conclusions: In our SLE cohort, DLE was confirmed by a dermatologist and we adjusted for possible confounding by medication use, in particular hydroxychloroquine. We found increased risks of photosensitivity, leukopenia, and anti-Smith antibodies and decreased risks of pleuritis and arthritis in patients with SLE and DLE. DLE was not related to anti-double-stranded DNA antibodies, lupus nephritis, or ESRD. These findings have implications for prognosis among patients with SLE. © 2012 by the American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. ER  - 
Comparative roles of moxifloxacin and levofloxacin in the treatment of pulmonary multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: A retrospective study$$$ This study compared the efficacy of moxifloxacin and levofloxacin in the treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) in Shanghai, China. A retrospective analysis of 158 patients with MDR-TB receiving either moxifloxacin- or levofloxacin-containing regimens was performed. Clinical data from patients were subjected to univariate analysis, stratification and multiple logistic regression to compare the roles of moxifloxacin and levofloxacin in multidrug regimens. In total, 72 patients received 400 mg of moxifloxacin once daily and 86 patients received 509.9 ± 79.4 mg (mean ± standard deviation) of levofloxacin once daily together with similar active agents for similar durations. The times to sputum culture conversion were similar. Adverse reactions occurred at comparable rates. The combined treatment success rate was 60.1%, being higher among ofloxacin-susceptible than ofloxacin-resistant cases (67.5% vs. 52.0%; P < 0.05). The success rates for the moxifloxacin group were 65.3% (overall), 77.1% (ofloxacin-susceptible cases) and 54.1% (ofloxacin-resistant cases) in comparison with 55.8%, 60.4% and 50.0%, respectively, for the levofloxacin group. No demographic, clinical, bacteriological or treatment characteristics were independent predictors of favourable outcome. Fourteen patients from the moxifloxacin group and twelve patients from the levofloxacin group had bacteriological relapse after treatment cessation. In conclusion, compared with levofloxacin, moxifloxacin did not show superior efficacy when incorporated into multidrug regimens used for the treatment of MDR-TB. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. and the International Society of Chemotherapy. All rights reserved. ER  - 
When opioids fail in chronic pain management: The role for buprenorphine and hospitalization$$$ Clinicians are increasingly being challenged by patients who are treated for chronic pain with high-dose opioids that can cause medical, social, and societal harm. These patients may best be improved by psychological approaches, adjuvant medications, and opioid reduction or removal, rather than ever-escalating dosing that has become common. Opioid reduction or removal can be a difficult process that, when done incorrectly, may cause patient dissatisfaction or severe discomfort. Buprenorphine, a partial opioid agonist, is slowly becoming recognized as an effective pain treatment, possessing a wide safety margin while offering the opportunity for stabilization of opioid dosing or even removal. We have developed a protocol for hospitalization of the most fragile or toxic patients detailed herein that can permit a comfortable conversion to buprenorphine from prior high-dose full agonist opioid therapy. Seventy-six consecutive patients with serious medical, psychological, or addiction comorbidities, treated with morphine equivalent doses exceeding hundreds of milligrams per day, were followed after conversion for up to 25 months. Two-thirds reported moderate to dramatic improvements of pain and functional status with an increase seen in employment. Median length of hospital stay was 2 days, and the median daily buprenorphine discharge dose was 8 mg. No adverse reactions or outcomes were observed. A brief hospitalization for conversion from high-dose opioid therapy to a safer, more effective buprenorphine regimen can produce life-altering improvement. © 2013 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Duration of electroencephalographic recordings in patients with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Previous studies have demonstrated different diagnostic yields with electroencephalography (EEG). Due to the small sample sizes or different patient populations (outpatients or inpatients only) in these previous studies, the clinical use of routine EEG and outpatient/inpatient video-EEG monitoring (VEM) needs further clarification. In this study, we investigated EEGs obtained from patients referred by epileptologists; by comparing the results of different EEG methods, we sought to determine the optimal durations and specific types of EEG recordings for different clinical situations. Methods: The data from 335 routine EEGs, 281 3 h outpatient VEMs, and 247 inpatient VEMs (>48 h) were reviewed. We analyzed the latency to the first epileptiform discharge or clinical event. Results: In patients undergoing outpatient VEMs, 48% of the first epileptiform discharges appeared within 20 min, and 64% appeared within 30 min. In patients undergoing inpatient VEMs, 21.2% had their first attack within 3 h. The second peak of event occurrence was during the 33rd-36th h. Only 3.5% of the seizures were recorded after 57 h. The detection rate of epileptiform discharges was higher for 3 h outpatient VEM than for routine EEG (54.1% versus 16.4%, p < 0.01). Epileptic and/or nonepileptic events were recorded in 45.8% of the inpatient VEMs, the diagnostic yield of which was higher than for outpatient VEMs (p < 0.01). Since the patients in this study had been selected to limit the bias between each group, the diagnostic yield of EEGs in this study are likely to have been higher than those found in routine practice. Patients with generalized epilepsy had a shorter latency to the first epileptiform discharge compared to patients with localization-related epilepsy (mean, 22.1 min versus 33.9 min, p < 0.05). Conclusions: Two-thirds of epileptiform discharges were detected within 30 min of VEM. A 30-min recording is recommended for routine EEG examinations that aim to detect epileptiform discharges. A 3 h outpatient VEM is a reasonable option when a routine EEG fails to detect epileptiform discharges. The latency to the first epileptiform discharge was shorter in patients with generalized epilepsy than in patients with localization-related epilepsy. 48 h of inpatient VEM might be adequate for detecting the target events. © 2013 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Molecular mechanisms of depression: Perspectives on new treatment strategies$$$ Depression is a multicausal disorder and has been associated with the risk to develop cancer, dementia, diabetes, epilepsy and stroke. As a metabolic disorder depression has been associated with obesity, diabetes, insulin sensitivity, neuropeptide Y, glucose regulation, poor glycemic control, glucagone-like peptide-1, cholezystokinin, ghrelin, leptin, the endocannabinoid system, insulin-like growth factor and gastrin-releasing peptide. As a cardiovascular disease a close relationship exists between depression and blood pressure, heart rate, norepinephrine, sympathetic tone, vascular resistance, blood viscosity, plasma volume, intima thickness and atherosclerosis. Additionally blood coagulation, fibrinolysis, D-dimers, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 protein, platelet activation, VEGF, plasma nitric oxide and its synthase are changed in depressed patients. As an endocrinological and stress disorder depression has been connected with the concentration of free T 4, TSH, CRH, arginine vasopressin, corticotrophin, corticosteroid release and ACTH. Depression as an inflammatory disorder is mediated by pro-inflammatory cytokines, interleukin-1, interleukin-6, TNF-alpha, soluble interleukin-2 receptors, interferon-alpha, interleukin 8, interleukin-10, hs-CRP, acute phase proteins, haptoglobin, toll like receptor 4, interleukin-1beta, mammalian target of rapamycin pathway, substance P, cyclooxygenase-2, prostaglandin-E2, lipid peroxidation levels and acid sphingomyelinase. Nutritional factors might influence depression risk, i.e. the consumption of folate, omega-3 fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, olive oil, fish, fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12. The neurodegenerative hypothesis of depression explains decreased hippocampal volumes in depressed patients and changes of neurotrophic support by BDNF, erythropoietin, GDNF, FGF-2, NT3, NGF and growth hormone. In this context, a fast neuroprotective and antidepressant effect has also been observed by ketamine, which acts via the glutamatergic system. Hence, GABA, AMPA, EAAT, NMDA- and metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluR1 to mGluR8) have gained interest in depression recently. Alternative, causative or also easy available treatment strategies beyond serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibition might be a major topic of future psychiatric care. In this review, an attempt is made to overview concepts of the disease and search for perspectives on antidepressant treatment strategies beyond approved medications. Copyright © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Prospective study of risk factors for suicidal behavior in individuals with anxiety disorders.$$$ Anxiety disorders are very common and increase risk for suicide attempts. Little is known about predictors of increased risk specifically among individuals with anxiety disorders. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether specific anxiety disorders and other co-morbid psychiatric disorders, physical health, or work or social functioning increased the future likelihood of a suicide attempts among individuals with anxiety disorders. Method In this prospective study, 676 individuals with an anxiety disorder were followed for an average of 12 years. As hypothesized, we found that post-traumatic stress disorder, major depressive disorder (MDD), intermittent depressive disorder (IDD), epilepsy, pain, and poor work and social functioning all predicted a shorter time to a suicide attempt in univariate analyses. In multivariate analyses, baseline MDD and IDD were independent predictors of time to suicide attempt, even when controlling for a past history of suicide attempt. No specific anxiety disorder was an independent predictor of time to attempt in this anxiety-disordered sample. Adding baseline physical health variables and social functioning did not improve the ability of the model to predict time to suicide attempt. Mood disorders and past history of suicide attempts are the most powerful predictors of a future suicide attempt in this sample of individuals, all of whom have an anxiety disorder. ER  - 
Prospective study of risk factors for suicidal behavior in individuals with anxiety disorders$$$ BACKGROUND: Anxiety disorders are very common and increase risk for suicide attempts. Little is known about predictors of increased risk specifically among individuals with anxiety disorders. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether specific anxiety disorders and other co-morbid psychiatric disorders, physical health, or work or social functioning increased the future likelihood of a suicide attempts among individuals with anxiety disorders. Method In this prospective study, 676 individuals with an anxiety disorder were followed for an average of 12 years. RESULTS: As hypothesized, we found that post-traumatic stress disorder, major depressive disorder (MDD), intermittent depressive disorder (IDD), epilepsy, pain, and poor work and social functioning all predicted a shorter time to a suicide attempt in univariate analyses. In multivariate analyses, baseline MDD and IDD were independent predictors of time to suicide attempt, even when controlling for a past history of suicide attempt. No specific anxiety disorder was an independent predictor of time to attempt in this anxiety-disordered sample. Adding baseline physical health variables and social functioning did not improve the ability of the model to predict time to suicide attempt. CONCLUSIONS: Mood disorders and past history of suicide attempts are the most powerful predictors of a future suicide attempt in this sample of individuals, all of whom have an anxiety disorder. ER  - 
Medical and developmental risk factors of catatonia in children and adolescents: A prospective case-control study$$$ Objective: We sought to assess the medical and developmental risk factors of catatonia in children and adolescents. Methods: From 1993 to 2009, 58 youths aged 10-18 years were prospectively admitted for catatonia and were followed up after discharge. A multidisciplinary approach assessed patients' medical condition and developmental history. A causality assessment scored medical risk (maximum score = 10; κ = 0.91). We compared the prevalence of catatonia in these patients to that of 80 inpatients with bipolar I disorder admitted from 1993 to 2003 who were also followed up. Results: We found that 13 (22.4 %) patients had medical conditions and 18 (31 %) had a history of developmental disorder in the catatonia group, whereas 1 (1.3 %) and 17 (22.6 %) patients had the same conditions in the bipolar group (p<0.001; p = 0.17, respectively). Medical conditions associated with catatonia included auto-immune encephalitis (systemic lupus erythematosus [N = 3] and anti-NMDAreceptor encephalitis [N = 1]), seizures (N = 1), ciclosporin encephalitis (N = 1), post hypoglycaemic coma encephalitis (N = 1), and genetic or metabolic conditions (Chorea [N = 2], 5HT cerebrospinal fluid deficit [N = 1], storage disease [N = 1], fatal familial insomnia [FFI; N = 1], and PRODH mutations [N = 1]). Six patients responded to a specific treatment approach related to their medical condition (e.g., plasma exchange in the case of auto-immune encephalitis). Conclusion: Catatonia in children and adolescents is associated with a high prevalence of medical conditions. This needs to be acknowledged as it may greatly delay the treatment of catatonia and the diagnosis of medically related catatonia. Tragically, this may deny patients treatment opportunities. ER  - 
A phase II double-blind, placebocontrolled randomized trial of an escalating dose of thalidomide in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease: Baseline characteristics$$$ Background: Beta-secretase (BACE1) is one of the two key enzymes in processing the amyloid precursor protein for Abeta production. Pre-clinical data suggested that the TNFα inhibitor, anti-cancer drug Thalidomide inhibits BACE1 expression. As a proof of this concept, we administered Thalidomide to AD subjects in a phase 1, NIH-supported clinical trial. We hypothesize that thalidomide decreases cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) BACE1 and Abeta levels; and improves CSF neuronal markers (tau and p-tau). We propose that Thalidomide may act as a potent BACE1 inhibitor. Methods: This was a 24-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study of the effect on CSF biomarkers with escalating dose regimen of Thalidomide or placebo in patients with mild to moderate AD. Inclusion criteria included: diagnosis of probable AD for at least 1 year based on the NINCDS-ADRDA criteria; severity of AD was mild to moderate, documented by Mini Mental State Exam (MMSE) score 0-26.Hachinski score ≤ 4; Geriatric Depression Scale ≤ 10. Patient must have received a cholinesterase inhibitor and/or memantine for at least 4 months and have been maintained on a stable dose for at least 2 months prior to randomization. Exclusion criteria included:current evidence of or history within the last 3 years of neurological or psychiatric illness that could contribute to dementia including but not limited to epilepsy, focal brain lesion, Parkinson's disease, seizure disorder, head injury with loss of consciousness, DSM-IV criteria for any major psychiatric disorder including psychosis, major depression and bipolar disorder, and alcohol or substance abuse. Results: To date, 185 subjects have been prescreened. There have been 8 screen failures and 25 patients have been randomized. Over 120 subjects contacted refused participation because of Thalidomide stigma or reluctance to undergo LP. Mean age of the sample is 73.64 (7.20) years. Mean education of the sample is 14.24 (3.10) years. Mean MMSE is 21.00 (5.32). Mean Geriatric Depression Scale score is 2.76 (2.28). Conclusions: This study assesses the safety, feasibility, efficacy, and tolerability of Thalidomide as a BACE1 inhibitor in the treatment of AD both clinically and on biomarkers. ER  - 
An effective initial polytherapy for children with West syndrome$$$ Adrenocorticotropic hormone is recommended worldwide as an initial therapy for infantile spasms. However, infantile spasms in about 50% of children cannot be fully controlled by adrenocorticotropic hormone monotherapy, seizures recur in 33% of patients who initially respond to adrenocorticotropic hormone monotherapy, and side effects are relatively common during adrenocorticotropic hormone treatment. Topiramate, vitamin B6, and immunoglobulin are effective in some children with infantile spasms. In the present study, we hypothesized that combined therapy with adrenocorticotropic hormone, topiramate, vitamin B6, and immunoglobulin would effectively treat infantile spasms and have mild adverse effects. Thus, 51 children newly diagnosed with West syndrome including infantile spasms were enrolled and underwent polytherapy with the four drugs. Electroencephalographic hypsarrhythmia was significantly improved in a majority of patients, and these patients were seizure-free, had mild side effects, and low recurrence rates. The overall rates of effective treatment and loss of seizures were significantly higher in cryptogenic children compared with symptomatic children. The mean time to loss of seizures in cryptogenic children was significantly shorter than in symptomatic patients. These findings indicate that initial polytherapy with adrenocorticotropic hormone, topiramate, vitamin B6, and immunoglobulin effectively improves the prognosis of infantile spasms, and its effects were superior in cryptogenic children to symptomatic children. ER  - 
Semiological characteristics of adults with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs): An attempt towards a new classification$$$ This study was carried out to analyze the semiological characteristics of adults with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) and to propose a modified new classification of PNESs. This retrospective analysis included 82 patients (M:F= 38:44; mean age: 33.4 ± 12.0 years) diagnosed to have PNESs based on video-EEG recording. Detailed semiological characteristics including pattern of limb movements, body movements, psychological/emotional manifestations, "aura", level of consciousness, age at onset of PNESs, age at diagnosis, and history of AED intake were recorded. We classified our cohort of patients as per available classifications and proposed a modified new classification. Age at onset of PNESs was 21.8 ± 14.1. years (range: 2-64; median: 18.5 years), age at diagnosis was 29.3 ± 12.7 years (range: 2-67; median: 26.0 years), and delay in diagnosis was 7.4 ± 7.3 years (range: 0-28; median: 5.0 years). There were 369 recorded attacks (range: 1-10; median: 4). Prior to VEEG, 47 (57.3%) patients were incorrectly diagnosed as having true epileptic seizures initially and were on antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), 15 (18.3%) patients had an initial diagnosis of PNESs which remained unchanged after VEEG analysis, and 20 (24.4%) patients had both PNESs and epileptic seizures. We could not classify 40-66% of our patients into any of the available classification proposed by previous authors. We categorized all our patients into the following categories of a modified new classification: abnormal hypermotor response: 23 (28%), abnormal partial motor response: 18 (22%), affective/emotional behavior phenomena: 4 (4.9%), dialeptic type: 5 (6.1%), nonepileptic aura: 5 (6.1%), and mixed pattern: 27 (32.9%). Incorrect diagnosis of PNESs leads to unnecessary prescription of AEDs, with side effects and cost implications. A modified systematic classification of PNESs is proposed which would help in the better characterization of PNESs. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Growth hormone research society workshop summary: Consensus guidelines for recombinant human growth hormone therapy in Prader-Willi syndrome$$$ Context: Recombinant human GH (rhGH) therapy in Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) has been used by the medical community and advocated by parental support groups since its approval in the United States in 2000 and in Europe in 2001. Its use in PWS represents a unique therapeutic challenge that includes treating individuals with cognitive disability, varied therapeutic goals that are not focused exclusively on increased height, and concerns about potential life-threatening adverse events. Objective: The aim of the study was to formulate recommendations for the use of rhGH in children and adult patients with PWS. Evidence: We performed a systematic review of the clinical evidence in the pediatric population, including randomized controlled trials, comparative observational studies, and long-term studies (>3.5 y). Adult studies included randomized controlled trials of rhGH treatment for ≥6 months and uncontrolled trials. Safety data were obtained from case reports, clinical trials, and pharmaceutical registries. Methodology: Forty-three international experts and stakeholders followed clinical practice guideline development recommendations outlined by the AGREE Collaboration (www.agreetrust.org). Evidence was synthesized and graded using a comprehensive multicriteria methodology (EVIDEM) (http://bit.ly.PWGHIN). Conclusions: Following a multidisciplinary evaluation, preferably by experts, rhGH treatment should be considered for patients with genetically confirmed PWS in conjunction with dietary, environmental, and lifestyle interventions. Cognitive impairment should not be a barrier to treatment, and informed consent/assent should include benefit/risk information. Exclusion criteria should include severe obesity, uncontrolled diabetes mellitus, untreated severe obstructive sleep apnea, active cancer, or psychosis. Clinical outcome priorities should vary depending upon age and the presence of physical, mental, and social disability, and treatment should be continued for as long as demonstrated benefits outweigh the risks. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Tetrahydrobiopterin as a treatment for autism spectrum disorders: A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine if tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) reduced core symptoms of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Method: In this study, 46 children, 3-7 years of age diagnosed with an ASD were randomly assigned to double-blind treatment with 20 mg/kg/day BH4 or placebo for 16 weeks. The primary outcome measure was the Clinical Global Impressions Improvement and Severity Scales (CGI-I and CGI-S); secondary outcomes were the Preschool Language Scale-4 (PLS-4), Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS), Aberrant Behavior Checklist (ABC), and Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales (Vineland). Results: Overall, no differences were found on global improvement as measured with the CGI-I or CGI-S. Secondary measures indicated significant improvements for BH4 relative to placebo with regard to social awareness, autism mannerisms, hyperactivity, and inappropriate speech. Side effects were minimal and similar between both active medication and placebo. Conclusions: These results indicate that BH4 offers promise in reducing symptoms of ASD. Clinical Trials.gov Identifier: NCT00850070. © Copyright 2013, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2013. ER  - 
Level and factors of benzodiazepines misuse in Albania$$$ Background There is little evidence on benzodiazepine misuse and associated factorsin transitional countries of the Western Balkans. Objective The aim of this study was to assess the level and socioeconomic correlates of misuse of benzodiazepine drugs in the Albanian adult population. Method We conducted a cross-sectional study including a representative sample of 422 individuals (158 men and 264 women) who were benzodiazepines users. A structured questionnaire included data on age, gender, type of drug used, and awareness of possibility to develop dependence and continuation of therapy after prescription. Results 289 individuals reported treatment continuation compared with 89 participants who reported no continuation of benzodiazepine drugs. There were no significant age group (P = 0.351), sex (P = 0.454), or educational differences (P = 0.117) in treatment continuation. Age was inversely related to the awareness of becoming dependent with the prolonged use of benzodiazepines (78.4 % of the persons aged ≤40 years were aware of the dependence versus 51.9 % in the age group >40 years; P = 0.002). Conclusion Our study provides pioneering evidence on the use and misuse of benzodiazepines in Albania. Findings from this study may influence the reforms and policy formulation related to drug misuse in Albania. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht. ER  - 
Low-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) effectiveness of the first treatment$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a widely used, highly effective antidepressant treatment. Except for the most severely ill patients, right unilateral (RUL) electrode placement is the most frequent initial treatment choice. In current practice, RUL ECT is administered at several multiples of seizure threshold (ST) based on reports that lower stimulus intensity results in lower response/remission rates. Many patients, as part of an initial dose titration to determine ST, will receive a single treatment with low-dose RUL ECT and subsequent treatments with a stimulus at a multiple of ST. Objective: To assess response to the first ECT. Methods: A retrospective analysis of charts from clinical practice at Mount Sinai Medical Center was performed. Results: A single treatment with low-dose (presumably near ST) RUL ECT had a significant and immediate antidepressant effect in our sample of patients with major depression. We determined that this response is similar to that of patients receiving a single initial treatment with highdose RUL ECT (at a multiple of ST). Conclusions: These data suggest, contrary to commonly held belief, that RUL ECT may be effective at a low stimulus dose. This argues against restimulating at 6 times ST in the initial session, based on the belief that the near-threshold seizure has no antidepressant efficacy. Our findings suggest a need for further investigation of cases in which low-dose RUL ECT may be an effective antidepressant treatment. Further prospective studies, including larger numbers of patients who receive randomized treatment with low- or high-dose RUL with longer follow-up, are indicated.Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Postictal psychosis in temporal lobe epilepsy: A case-control study$$$ Background and purpose: To investigate the prevalence of postictal psychosis (PP) in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) and to estimate the predictive value of various variables for the development of PP. Methods: By retrospectively reviewing the charts of all patients evaluated with video-electroencephalogram (EEG)-monitoring at our unit between January 1995 and February 2012, we identified 684 patients with TLE, of which 48 patients had a history of PP. Patients with TLE and PP were compared with 200 controls (patients with TLE without a psychotic history) on demographic, clinical, EEG and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) variables. Results: The prevalence of PP in our TLE sample was 7.0%. Aggressive behaviour during PP was present in 22.9% of the sample. Univariate analysis revealed that PP was significantly associated with early age at epilepsy onset (P=0.007), longer duration of epilepsy (P=0.002), presence of ictal fear (P=0.005), impaired intellectual function (P=0.045), and bilateral ictal and interictal epileptiform activity (both P<0.0001). Using logistic regression analysis, ictal fear [odds ratio (OR) 2.88; P=0.015] and bilateral interictal EEG activity (OR 6.40; P<0.0001) were predictive of PP development. No association of PP with MRI pathology or epilepsy-relevant aetiological factors was found. Conclusions: PP is a frequent and potentially dangerous complication within the course of TLE. © 2013 EFNS. ER  - 
Use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in postpartum psychosis - A naturalistic prospective study$$$ Postpartum psychosis (PPP) is a severe psychiatric condition requiring rapid restoration of health in view of significant risks to both mother and the infant. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is often used for treatment of severe PPP. The aims of the study were to describe the indications for ECT among women admitted with PPP to a psychiatric hospital in India. It also aimed at assessing whether women with PPP who received ECT differed in their clinical history, diagnosis, severity of illness, psychopathology, drug dosage, and duration of hospital stay, compared to women who did not receive ECT. Infants of mothers who were breast-feeding their infants while receiving ECT were assessed for adverse effects. This was a naturalistic prospective study of 78 women admitted with PPP, 34 (43.6 %) of whom received ECT. Presence of catatonia, augmentation of medications, and suicidality were common indications for ECT. Catatonic symptoms were significantly higher among women who received ECT. There was no significant difference in duration of hospitalization or severity of psychopathology between women who did and did not receive ECT. Transient side effects to ECT were observed in few women, with no adverse effects noted in infants who were breast-fed. The current study supports the use of ECT as an effective and safe treatment for women with severe PPP. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Wien. ER  - 
The effect of zonisamide on antipsychotic-associated weight gain in patients with schizophrenia: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Many patients with schizophrenia suffer from metabolic symptoms and weight gain in which predispose them to obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular problems. This trial examines the efficacy and safety of zonisamide on weight and body mass index in patients with schizophrenia being administered with atypical antipsychotics. Method: In this 10-week, double blind randomized placebo controlled clinical trial, forty one patients with schizophrenia diagnosed according to DSM-IV-TR criteria who were taking a stable dose of atypical antipsychotic are allocated into one of the two groups of zonisamide or placebo group. Weight, body mass index, waist circumference, and adverse effects were assessed. Results: The two groups were not statistically different regarding baseline characteristics on age, gender, education, diagnosis, weight, body mass index, daily cigarette smoking, and the duration of illness. After 10. weeks, the patients in the placebo group had significantly gained weight, while the patients in the zonisamide group lost weight (mean = 1.9, SD = 2.2 versus mean = - 1.1. kg, SD = 1.4). The changes of body mass index in the two groups were significantly different. Body mass index decreased in the zonisamide group (mean = - 0.3, SD = 0.4) while it increased in the placebo group (mean = 2.2, SD = 6.9). There was a significance difference between the two groups regarding waist circumference at the end of trial (P < 0.0001), too. The waist increased in the placebo group while it decreased in the zonisamide group (mean = 1.1, SD = 1.7 versus mean = - 0.7, SD = 1.2, respectively), as well. The frequencies of adverse effects were not significantly different between the two groups and zonisamide was tolerated well. Conclusion: Zonisamide as an adjuvant treatment is tolerated well and markedly affect on the weight loss of patients with schizophrenia being treated with atypical antipsychotics. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Oral paricalcitol reduces the prevalence of posttransplant hyperparathyroidism: Results of an open label randomized trial$$$ Postkidney transplant hyperparathyroidism is a significant problem. Vitamin D receptor agonists are known to suppress parathyroid hormone (PTH) secretion. We examined the effect of oral paricalcitol on posttransplant secondary hyperparathyroidism by conducting an open label randomized trial in which 100 incident kidney transplant recipients were randomized 1:1 to receive oral paricalcitol, 2 μg per day, for the first year posttransplant or no additional therapy. Serial measurements of serum PTH, calcium and bone alkaline phosphatase, 24-h urine calcium and bone density were performed. The primary endpoint was the frequency of hyperparathyroidism 1-year posttransplant. Eighty-seven patients completed the trial. One-year posttransplant, 29% of paricalcitol-treated subjects had hyperparathyroidism compared with 63% of untreated patients (p = 0.0005). Calcium supplementation was discontinued in two control and 15 treatment patients due to mild hypercalcemia or hypercalcuria. Paricalcitol was discontinued in four patients due to hypercalcuria/ hypercalcemia and in one for preference. Two subjects required decreasing the dose of paricalcitol to 1 μg daily. Hypercalcemia was asymptomatic and reversible. Incidence of acute rejection, BK nephropathy and renal function at 1 year were similar between groups. Moderate renal allograft fibrosis was reduced in treated patients. Oral paricalcitol is effective in decreasing posttransplant hyperparathyroidism and may have beneficial effects on renal allograft histology. Paricalcitol decreases the prevalence of post-kidney transplant hyperparathyroidism and may have beneficial effects on renal allograft histology. © 2013 The American Society of Transplantation and the American Society of Transplant Surgeons. ER  - 
Concomitant anticonvulsants in bitemporal ECT: Seizure and clinical effects$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for major affective disorders .The combined use of ECT and anticonvulsant mood stabilizers has been a clinical scenario with paucity of literature apart from some open trials and a retrospective chart review. Methods: We conducted a randomized controlled trial involving 48 patients - with three limbs wherein the dose of the medication was stopped, halved or continued at full dose. The number of patients in each limb was as follows - stop group (10), half dose (14) and full dose (24). A blind rater assessed the patients using psychopathology scales - YMRS, HDRS, CGI. Repeated Measures ANOVA (RMANOVA) was used for statistical analysis. Results: Analysis showed a trend towards faster improvement in the group taking full dose of anticonvulsants. Seizure parameters showed no significant difference between the three groups. Number of ECTs, final YMRS, CGI scores showed no significant difference between the three groups of patients. Discussion: The trial has clinical implications in the background of clear guidelines lacking with regard to clinical scenarios involving the concomitant use of ECT and anticonvulsants as mood stabilizers in bipolar disorder. ER  - 
CPNP's 16th Annual Meeting$$$ The proceedings contain 118 papers. The topics discussed include: serotonin transporter 5HTTLPR polymorphism and neurocognitive outcomes in lithium-treated pediatric and adolescent bipolar disorder; a retrospective chart review of a symptom-triggered alcohol withdrawal protocol versus previous standard of care at a veteran's hospital; impact of a theophylline loading dose on seizure quality indices during electroconvulsive therapy: a retrospective study; pharmacist-physician collaborative care model for suboxone-maintained patients at a health department; pharmacist-managed olanzapine long-acting injection clinic in a community mental health center; high dose haloperidol decanoate augmentation with paliperidone palmitate; reversal of Korsakoff's syndrome following high dose intramuscular thiamine; and anchor-CD: the abobotulinumtoxin-a neurotoxin clinical & health economics outcomes registry in cervical dystonia. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy: Analysis of self rating and physician's assessment$$$ Purose: Depression has significant negative consequences on the quality of life of patients with epilepsy (PWE). This study assessed the prevalence of depressive symptoms among PWE and the impact of seizure variables on their depression scores. Method: A case-control study of randomly selected patients with epilepsy attending a tertiary hospital in metropolitan Nigeria. A total of 152 randomly selected subjects used the Beck's depression Inventory (BDI) for quantitative assessment of depression while the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) was used by the authors. The Student t test assessed statistical significance of differences in the BDI and HRSD scores while the scores were correlated with the Pearson's correlation coefficient. Logistic regression analysis and chi-square for trend assessed the impact of seizure variables on the scores. The level of significance was taken as p < 0.05. Results: The prevalence of depressive symptoms was 42.11% and 44.74% using the HRSD and BDI respectively with significant differences in the scores of the patients and controls on both scales (p < 0.001). The PWE scores on both scales yielded a correlation coefficient of 0.8 indicating their utility in detecting depressive symptoms. Seizure control was the most potent predictor of depression (HRSD: p = 0.004; BDI: p = 0.001). Conclusion: Depressive symptoms are common in epilepsy. Early detection and prompt management are recommended. Good seizure control with an appropriate antiepileptic drug, among other interventional measures, may contribute to prevention of depression in epilepsy. ER  - 
Long-term safety of perampanel: Additional 10 months of data from study 307, an extension of three randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, phase iii trials of perampanel in partial-onset seizures in patients aged 12 and above$$$ Purpose: To extend previous perampanel long-term safety/tolerability data (Krauss et al. Epilepsia, ePub Aug 2012), with an additional 10 months (cut-off Oct 2011). Method: Participants in study 307 (NCT00735397) had completed a Phase III perampanel trial, and were titrated to 12 mg/day (or individual maximum tolerated dose) during blinded titration, followed by open-label maintenance. Data were collected on adverse events (AEs), vital signs, weight, ECG parameters, laboratory values, and seizure frequency/type. Results: Of the 1216 patients, 1122 (92.3%) reached 10 or 12 mg/day; mean maintenance dose was 10.61 mg/day. Median exposure was 1.5 years (1 week-3.3 years), totalling 21,635 patient-months. 59% of patients were ongoing at cut-off. Subject choice or inadequate efficacy drove most discontinuations. AEs occurred in 1,110 patients (91.3%); the majority (80.2%) had mild/moderate events. AEs seen in ≥10% of patients were dizziness (46.8%), somnolence (21.2%), headache (18.3%), fatigue (13.1%), irritability (11.5%) and weight increase (10.9%). Only dizziness and irritability caused discontinuation in >1% (48/1216, 3.9%, and 16/1216, 1.3%, respectively). Two hundred and twenty-seven patients (18.7%) had serious AEs (SAEs). The only individual SAEs seen in >1% of patients were epilepsy-related; others (in >5 patients) were aggression (n = 12, 0.99%; five resolved, seven withdrew), head injury (11, 0.90%), pneumonia (10, 0.82%), psychotic disorders (6, 0.49%), and suicidal ideation (6, 0.49%). Two patients died since previous cut-off (five total; none study-drug-related). At 122 weeks, mean weight gain was 2.96 ± 6.6 kg (N = 200). No clinically relevant changes in vital signs, ECG parameters, or labs were seen. Conclusion: No new safety signals were identified, with 7,260 additional patient-months. ER  - 
Epidemiologic, clinical and etiological aspects of epileptic encephalopathy in senegal$$$ Purpose: Epileptic encephalopathy are conditions in which the neurological deterioration is secondary in the epileptic demonstrations. This could either be related to the severity of the epileptic seizure or the duration of the seizure. Our objective is to describe the epidemiology, associated signs, and the frequency of the various types of encephalopathy. Method: We led a retrospective study from July 2003 to December 2011. The folders of 197 children of the neuropaediatric consultation clinical of Fann University Teaching hospital and Albert Royer Children hospital were reviewed. Data analysis was made by SPSS.16,0. Results: We collected 113 folders of patients. The average age was 3 years 2 months with a range of 1 month to 14 years; the sex ratio was 2.3/1 in favor of males. The mean age of onset was 11 months. Asphyxia was found in 17.7%, parental consanguinity was 15%. Among our patients 49.5% had only one type of seizures. A partial motor seizure was found in 42.4%. Initial psychomotor development was abnormal in 61.1%. Motor disorder 48.6%, with axial hypotonia in 23.8%. Cognitive abnormalities seen in 62%, while 49.5% had mental disorders that were dominated by hyperactivity in 23.8%. West syndrome was found in 23% of the POCS syndrome in 7.1%, while Dravet syndrome accounted for 4% of our patients. Medical imaging was normal in 18.6%, with 16.8% of cortico subcortical atrophy. Regarding threapy, 73.45% were boarded on VPA 81% had necessitated a triple therapy which was predominated by the association of VPA, carbamazepine, and clonazepam. Were noted drug resistance in 44.2% while in 31% seizures were controlled. Academic pursuit was disrupted in all our patients. Conclusion: Epileptic encephalopathy have a problem of drug resistance, and poor prognosis both cognitive, social and motor disorders. Hence the need for a multidisciplinary approach. ER  - 
Acute encephalitis with refractory, repetitive partial seizures (AERRPS)/febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome (fires): A multicenter study on 13 children$$$ Purpose: To report the clinical and laboratory findings of patients with acute encephalitis with refractory, repetitive partial seizures (AERRPS); results are based on the second nationwide surveillance study carried out in Japan. Methods: This was a prospective multicenter study executed between 2010 and 2012. Thirteen patients who fulfilled the diagnostic criteria of AERRPS were enrolled in the study. Patient information was obtained from clinical research forms, which were filled out by clinicians. Results: The age at onset ranged from 3 to 15 years (median; 5 years). Neurological manifestations were preceded by febrile prodromes in 11 of 13 patients. Seizures were of focal origin and were stereotypical: eye deviation (n = 9), facial twitch (n = 7), apnea (n = 7), and hemiclonic seizures (n = 5). Other neurological manifestations included psychosis (n = 3) and oral dyskinesia (n = 3). Cerebrospinal fluid pleocytosis was observed in 9 of 11 patients, although to a modest degree. Electroencephalography showed either high voltage slowing (n = 5) or epileptiform discharges (n = 9). Brain magnetic resonance imaging was abnormal in 9 of 13 patients; the basal ganglia (n = 4), cerebral cortex (n = 3), thalami (n = 2), and hippocampi (n = 2) were involved. Autoantibody screening tests revealed anti-neuronal antibodies of unknown specificity in two patients. Treatments included methylprednisolone pulse therapy (n = 12), intravenous immunoglobulin (n = 9), and burst-suppression coma (n = 10). The outcome was variable: a full recovery occurred in 4 of 10 patients; mild to moderate neurological deficits were observed in 3 of 10 patients; and severe to profound deficits occurred in 3 of 10 patients. Conclusion: Major characteristics of AERRPS included male predominance, stereotypical seizure phenotype, frequent cerebrospinal fluid pleocytosis, and various abnormalities on neuroimaging. ER  - 
Randomized controlled trial of external trigeminal nerve stimulation (etnstm) for epilepsy: Impact on moodas measured by the beck depression inventory$$$ Purpose: Depression is a major co-morbidity in epilepsy, occurring in 30-58% of people with drug resistant epilepsy (DRE). New devices and treatments which improve both mood and seizures are needed. Method: 50 subjects with DRE were enrolled in a phase II randomized trial of external Trigeminal Nerve Stimulation (eTNS). Mood was evaluated using the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) at baseline and at 6, 12, and 18 weeks during the double blind treatment period. A BDI score < 10 is considered the absence of clinically depressive symptoms (normal range). Results: At study entry, the mean BDI for the treatment group was 16.7 vs. 12.0 for the control group. The mean reduction in BDI score for the 18-week treatment period was -48% for the treatment group vs. -33% for the control group. (p = 0.02 ANOVA). Improvement in mood was noted at 6-weeks, and continued for the 18-week double blind treatment period. The Odds Ratio for remission from depression was 5.5 in the treatment group vs. 1.6 in the control group. Improvement in mood was not correlated with improvement in seizure frequency. Conclusion: External Trigeminal Nerve Stimulation (eTNS) was associated with early and significant improvements in mood. Remission from depressive symptoms was associated with eTNS therapy. ER  - 
Oxygen saturation in epileptic and non-epileptic convulsive spells$$$ Patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) that present with attacks in the emergency department are frequently misdiagnosed, resulting in the administration of antiepileptic medication, occasionally with intubation and general anesthesia. We hypothesized that oxygen monitoring might be helpful to emergency physicians and first responders in distinguishing epileptic from non-epileptic attacks. To test this hypothesis we performed an unblinded, retrospective study of the variability of oxygen saturation in the pre-ictal (30 sec before onset), ictal, early postictal (30 sec) and late postictal (up to 3 min) phases in patients undergoing video EEG monitoring during convulsive epileptic (12 patients, 15 seizures) and nonepileptic spells (7 patients, 10 attacks). Results: The lowest desaturation in the PNES group was 86% (in 2 of 10 attacks; nadir > 90% in 6 of 10). All epileptic seizures had a nadir below 90% with 10 of 15 <= 80% (lowest recorded 64%). In 8 of 10 PNES attacks the lowest saturation was in the ictal period, vs 12 of 15 epileptic seizures with the nadir during the postictal period (example below). Conclusion: The temporal pattern and degree of O2 desaturation may be diagnostically useful in distinguishing epileptic from PNES convulsive attacks. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations in juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus (JSLE)$$$ Background The nervous system affects children and adults with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and is associated with a worse prognosis and elevated mortality. In juvenil onset SLE (jSLE) the prevalence of neuropsychiatric manifestations is even more frequently observed when compared to adult onset SLE. Objectives To analyze the prevalence of neuropsychiatric manifestations in jSLE. Methods We conducted a retrospective study including all patients with jSLE followed by the pediatric rheumatology clinic of Unicamp with disease onset before 16 years of age. The neuropsychiatric manifestations were analyzed by reviewing medical records, according to the nomenclature and classification of the American College of Rheumatology (ACR). Neuropsychiatric manifestations were considered present at disease onset when they occurred in the first six months of disease and during evolution, when occurred after this period. Results We included 66 patients (62 women) with mean age of 17.77 years (SD ± 4.55). At disease onset, a total of 46 neuropsychiatric manifestations were observed in 35 (53.03%) patients. The manifestations more frequently observed at disease onset were: headache (42.42%), seizures (16.66%), psychosis (4.54%), depression (3.03%), acute confusional state (1.51%) and chorea (1.51%). During the follow-up period, 99 neuropsychiatric manifestations were observed in 46 (69.69%) patients. The neuropsychiatric manifestations more frequently observed were headache (43.93%), cognitive impairment (36.66%), anxiety (31.81%), depression (19.69%), seizures (7.57%), psychosis (3.03%), acute confusional state (3.03%), chorea (1.51%) and polyneuropathy (1.51%). Thirteen (19.69%) patients never had neuropsychiatric manifestations during the course of the disease and twenty-eight (42.42%) patients had recurrent neuropsychiatric manifestations. Six (9.09%) patients had recurrent seizures. There were no cases of transverse myelitis in this series. Conclusions The neuropsychiatric manifestations are frequently observed in patients with jSLE, however 20% of jSLE patients never had any neuropsychiatric manifestation during the follow-up period. Central nervous system manifestations were more frequently observed than manifestations affecting the peripheral nervous system. Most patients had recurrent neuropsychiatric manifestations. ER  - 
Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) presenting as thunderclap headache$$$ Objectives: To describe a secondary thunderclap headache caused by Neuropsychiatric Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (NPSLE). Background: Thunderclap headache presents as an instantaneous severe headache. Secondary causes are common, including subarachnoid hemorrhage or reversible cerebral vasoconstriction syndrome. Since there can be a number of other etiologies, an extensive work up for secondary causes is necessary. Headache is frequently diagnosed in patients with SLE, with prevalence rates varying from 66-80%. Headache is included as a criterion for NPSLE and is included in the standard measure for NPSLE disease activity. Migraine and tension-type headaches are the two most common phenotypes. Thunderclap headache has not been previously described. We present thunderclap headache as a likely manifestation of NPSLE. Methods: Case Report. Results: A 5 year old woman with no previous history of headaches developed a sudden onset, severe, 0/ 0 headache. The headache started while she was doing light housework and reached maximum intensity within seconds. Pain was located in the right retro-orbital and frontal regions, stabbing in quality, associated with mild nausea and photophobia. In the ER, she also complained of blurry vision and right arm paresthesias and numbness. Evaluation included CTA, MRI brain and lumbar puncture, all of which were normal except for MRI which showed extensive white matter disease in a non-specific pattern. The day following admission, her paresthesias recurred and she underwent repeat MRI/A which did not show an acute infarct or stenosis. Her initial thunderclap headache lasted for several hours, but on discharge, she continued with moderate daily headaches. She was seen in follow up, and further work up revealed an elevated ANA. She was started on steroids. Although not certain, it is plausible that her thunderclap headache was caused by NPSLE, given that she has no other clear explanation. Conclusions: Several studies have shown that headaches are more common in patient with SLE than in controls. One study showed a prevalence of 75.7% in SLE patients compared with 66% of controls. Another case control study showed that 36% of patients with SLE had migraines without aura, higher than in control patients. NPSLE occurs in up to 56% of all patients with SLE. The neurop-sychiatric manifestations range from change in mood and cognition to more dramatic manifestations, including psychosis, seizures, cerebrovascular accidents and headaches. A case report describes NPSLE mimicking hemiplegic migraines in a 39 year woman with 2 episodes of mild left hemiparesis, blindness in left visual field and aphasia lasting 2 hours, followed by nausea and non-pulsatile headache on each occasion. A skin biopsy of her rash showed SLE. The authors proposed that SLE should be considered in the differential for hemiplegic migraines. However, there are no previous reports of thunderclap headache as a manifestation of NPSLE. If additional cases are collected, NPSLE could be considered as a cause of thunderclap headaches. ER  - 
Topiramate add-on therapy for adult patients with refractory epilepsy in Japan$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of topiramate (TPM) as add-on therapy in Japanese adult patients with refractory epilepsy. Methods: We performed a retrospective open-label study on 39 Japanese adult patients with refractory seizures (aged 18-64 years, average 36.4 years). Twenty-nine patients with symptomatic partial epilepsy, seven with symptomatic generalized epilepsy, two with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, and one with severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy were included in the study. TPM was started at a dose of 50 mg/day in 33 patients and 100 mg/day in 6 patients and adjusted according to individual clinical response at a slow titration of 50 mg/day or less biweekly. We compared the number of seizures in 4-week durations before and 24 weeks after starting TPM therapy. Results: After a follow-up period of 28 weeks, 12 of 39 (31%) responded to TPM at an average dose of 100 mg/day, and four (10%) became seizure free. Thirty-one percent did not respond to TPM and 38% dropped out. Adverse events occurred in 21 patients (54%), 9 of whom discontinued TPM due to serious adverse events such as severe somnolence, depression, leg edema, excitement, and agranulocytosis. Adverse events developed even at the initial TPM dose of 50 mg/day. Conclusion: TPM add-on therapy is effective even at low-dose in Japanese adult patients with refractory epilepsy. However, dose escalation as slow as 25 mg/day every 2 weeks is recommended to avoid adverse effects of TPM. ER  - 
Safety, effectiveness and tolerance of buprenorphine-naloxone in the treatment of opioid dependence: Results from a nationwide non-interventional study in routine care$$$ Introduction: Buprenorphine is well known in the treatment of opioid dependence. Despite a high safety profile and good tolerance buprenorphine has been subject to misuse and diversion. To reduce misuse the antagonist naloxone was added and the 4:1 combination of buprenorphine-naloxone was launched in Germany in March 2007. On the basis of the results from international clinical trials a non-interventional study was conducted to gather data on safety, effectiveness, retention and acceptability of buprenorphine-naloxone in the treatment of opioid dependent patients in routine care. Methods: A nationwide multicentre 12-month prospective, non-interventional, post-marketing, surveillance study was carried out with 12 assessment points in N=384 opioid dependent patients currently in maintenance treatment from N=69 general practitioners, clinics and outpatient clinics in Germany. Results: N=337 data sets were eligible for analysis. The rates of patients with serious and non-serious adverse events were low with 1.2% and 17.5%, respectively. No deaths occurred during the observational period and only one hospitalization was documented. Concomitant drug use decreased for all illicit substances. Mental health and quality of life measured with standardized self-assessment questionnaires improved significantly. The 12-month retention rate was 57.1%. Of the n=181 patients still in treatment at the end of the observation period, 96.7% continued treatment with buprenorphine-naloxone. Conclusion: The findings of the non-interventional study indicate high effectiveness and safety of buprenorphine-naloxone in the treatment of opioid dependence. The medication was well accepted by opioid dependent patients in long-term substitution treatment with substantial reductions of concomitant drug use and measurable improvement in quality of life. © 2013 Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations of hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ Background: Hepatocellular carcinoma is the fifth most common cancer in the world. The neurological manifestations of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) include central nervous system dysfunction e.g. hepatic encephalopathy and peripheral nervous system dysfunction through a paraneoplastic myositis and peripheral neuropathy. Objectives: To assess the neuropsychiatric manifestations in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma on top of hepatitis C virus (HCV) liver cirrhosis. Methods: Fifty subjects; 40 patients and 10 healthy volunteers. Patients were subdivided into 3 subgroups: Group I: It included 20 patients with HCC on top of hepatitis C liver cirrhosis. Group II: It included 10 patients with chronic HCV without liver cirrhosis. Group III: It included 10 patients with chronic HCV with liver cirrhosis.IV: it included 10 healthy volunteers. All the patients were subjected to neuropsychiatric and electrophysiological assessment and hepatological evaluation including abdominal ultrasonography and alpha fetoprotein assay. Results: There were a highly statistically significant difference in the mean values of the score of neuropsychometric tests between all groups and normal control group and significant impairement in neuropsychometric tests in HCC group compared to the other groups (p<0.05). In HCC patients, there was a statistically significant positive correlation between the values of maximum diameter of the tumor and the scores of Hamilton depression scale (p<0.05). Conclusion: We conclude that HCC patients on top of HCV liver cirrhosis were found to have more depression and fatigue than HCV cirrhotic patients. Both HCC patients and HCV cirrhotic were found to have memory impairement and different types of peripheral neuropathy either clinically or subclinically. ER  - 
Incidence and prevalence of treated epilepsy among poor health and low-income americans$$$ Objectives: To determine the incidence and prevalence of treated epilepsy in an adult Medicaid population. Methods: We performed a retrospective, dynamic cohort analysis using Ohio Medicaid claims data between 1992 and 2006. Individuals aged 18-64 years were identified as prevalent cases if they had $2 claims of epilepsy (ICD-9-CM: 345.xx) or $3 claims of convulsion (ICD-9-CM: 780.3 or 780.39) and $2 claims of antiepileptic drugs. Incident cases were required to have no epilepsy or convulsion claims for $5 years before epilepsy diagnosis. Subjects were determined as having preexisting disability and/or comorbid conditions, including brain tumor, depression, developmental disorders, migraine, schizophrenia, stroke, and traumatic brain injury, when at least one of these conditions occurred before epilepsy onset. Results: There were 9,056 prevalent cases of treated epilepsy in 1992-2006 and 1,608 incident cases in 1997-2006. The prevalence was 13.2/1,000 (95% confidence interval, 13.0-13.5/ 1,000). The incidence was 362/100,000 person-years (95% confidence interval, 344-379/ 100,000 person-years). The incidence and prevalence were significantly higher in men, in older people, in blacks, and in people with preexisting disability and/or comorbid conditions. The most common preexisting conditions in epilepsy subjects were depression, developmental disorders, and stroke, whereas people with brain tumor, traumatic brain injury, and stroke had the higher risk of developing epilepsy. Conclusions: The Medicaid population has a high incidence and prevalence of epilepsy, in an order of magnitude greater than that reported in the US general population. This indigent population carries a disproportionate amount of the epilepsy burden and deserves more attention for its health care needs and support services. © 2013 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
Detection and management of depression and/or anxiety for people with epilepsy in primary health care settings in Zambia$$$ Purpose: Among the 50 million people with epilepsy (PWE) worldwide ∼15 to 60% likely also suffer from depression and/or anxiety and 80% reside in low-income regions where human and technological resources for care are extremely limited. Methods: In Zambia, we carried out a retrospective chart review of 200 randomly selected files of PWE using a structured abstraction form to systematically collect socio-demographic data and clinical details on the detection and treatment of depression and/or anxiety. Results: Only 2 PWE (1%) had depression diagnosed and none were given a diagnosis of an anxiety disorder. Complaints suggestive of underlying depressive and/or anxiety disorders were documented in 120 (60%), but no diagnoses were made and no referrals, investigations or treatment were offered. Conclusions: Further research is required to establish the prevalence of depression and anxiety among PWE in sub-Saharan Africa and efforts are needed to improve screening and treatment for common, treatable psychiatric comorbidities in PWE in resource limited settings. © 2013 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Are psychiatric disorders exclusion criteria for video-EEG monitoring and epilepsy surgery in patients with mesial temporal sclerosis?$$$ Epilepsy surgery (ES) is a treatment option for patients with refractory temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). However, psychiatric disorders (PDs) have been a contraindication for presurgical evaluation in many epilepsy centers. The aim of this study was to evaluate the safety of video-EEG (VEEG) and surgical outcome in patients with refractory TLE and mesial temporal sclerosis (TLE-MTS) associated with PDs. We retrospectively analyzed the clinical, sociodemographic, and VEEG data and surgery outcome of patients with refractory TLE-MTS who underwent ES over the period of 2002 to 2011 and compared data between those with and without PDs. Psychiatric evaluation was performed through DSM-IV and ILAE criteria. Safety during presurgical evaluation was analyzed by the rate of adverse events (AEs). Patients' quality of life (QOL) was measured through ESI-55 and the surgical outcome through Engel's classification. Data from 145 patients were included. The mean VEEG length (93. h) was not affected by PDs. Among patients with PDs, 4.91% (3/61) had AEs, and 13.11% (8/61) had psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs). Among patients without PDs, 4.76% (4/84) had AEs, and 5.95% (5/84) had PNESs. In the first two follow-up years, of the 94 patients who underwent ES, 65.85% (27/41) with PDs and 67.92% (36/53) without PDs became free of disabling seizures (Engel I). No significant differences were observed in the patients' QOL between both groups after surgery. The rate of AEs and seizure outcome did not differ significantly between both groups, reinforcing the idea that PDs should not be absolute exclusion criteria for VEEG monitoring and epilepsy surgery among patients with TLE-MTS. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Utility and safety of prolonged video-EEG monitoring in a tertiary pediatric epilepsy monitoring unit$$$ Prolonged video-EEG (vEEG) monitoring helps characterize paroxysmal events and epilepsy. There is limited literature in pediatrics describing the safety and utility of vEEG. We retrospectively reviewed 454 pediatric epilepsy monitoring unit admissions over two years. Final event diagnoses, duration of seizures, and medical complications were analyzed. Two hundred twenty admissions (48.4%) captured epileptic seizures, 150 (33.0%) captured nonepileptic events, and 84 (18.5%) failed to capture any events. Medical complications were seen in 4 patients (1.8%) with no long-term complications. Seventeen episodes of status epilepticus occurred in 13 patients. This constituted 2.9% of all admissions and 5.9% of admissions with epileptic seizures. The median duration of status was 26. min, and three patients required transfer to the pediatric intensive care unit. Video-EEG monitoring had a high yield in capturing events and differentiating epileptic from nonepileptic events. Our pediatric patients experienced greater risk of status epilepticus but lesser risk of injury.© 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Bright light therapy for symptoms of anxiety and depression in focal epilepsy: Randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Bright light therapy is an effective treatment for seasonal affective disorder and non-seasonal depression. Depression and anxiety are common psychiatric comorbidities in epilepsy. Aims: To examine the efficacy of bright light therapy for symptoms of anxiety and depression in adults with focal epilepsy (trial registration at ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01028456). Method: We recruited 101 adults with medically intractable focal epilepsy. Participants completed the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) at the beginning (T1) and end of a 12-week baseline period (T2) and again after 12 weeks of daily light therapy (T3), with 51 participants using a highintensity light box and 50 using a low-intensity one. Seizure diaries were kept throughout the baseline and trial period. Results: A total of 58 patients completed the trial. Anxiety and depression scores were significantly reduced following the light therapy at T3 in both the high- and low-intensity groups. Conclusions: Light therapy resulted in a significant reduction in symptoms of anxiety and depression but we did not find any differences between high- v. low-intensity treatment. This may, therefore, be an effective treatment for symptoms of low mood in epilepsy at lower intensities than those typically used to treat seasonal affective disorder. Further work is needed to investigate this possibility with an adequate placebo condition. ER  - 
Biotherapies in inflammatory ocular disorders: Interferons, immunoglobulins, monoclonal antibodies$$$ Biotherapies used in clinical practice for the treatment of ophthalmologic manifestations of systemic diseases include interferons (IFN), intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG) and monoclonal antibodies (anti-TNF, anakinra, tocilizumab and rituximab). Several open prospective studies have shown the effectiveness of IFN-α (78 to 98% complete remission) for the treatment of severe uveitis in Behcet's disease. IFN is capable of inducing prolonged remission and continued after his arrest, in 20-40% of patients. Side effects (flu-like, psychological effects) limit its use in practice. Anti-TNFα (infliximab and adalimumab) represents an attractive alternative therapeutic in severe uveitis refractory to immunosuppressants, especially in Behcet's disease. They are almost always (>90% of cases) and rapidly effective but their action is often suspensive. Anti-TNFα requires an extended prescription or takes over from another immunosuppressant once ocular inflammation has been controlled. IVIG are used for the treatment of Kawasaki disease and Birdshot disease. Several open or retrospective studies showed their effectiveness for the treatment of severe and refractory cicatricial pemphigoid. Tolerance of IVIG is good but their efficacy is transient. Rituximab showed an efficacy in few observations of various inflammatory eye diseases (uveitis, scleritis and idiopathic inflammatory pseudo-tumors or associated with granulomatosis with polyangiitis) and cicatricial pemphigoid. The risk of infection associated with this biotherapy limits its use in refractory diseases to conventional therapy. Anakinra (a soluble antagonist of IL-1R) showed interesting results in terms of efficiency in one small open study in Behcet's disease. Its safety profile is good and with a quick action that could be interesting for the treatment of severe uveitis. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.. ER  - 
Analysis of three cases of anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis without tumor$$$ Objective: To investigate the clinical syndrome, investigations, therapeutic intervention and prognosis of anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis without tumor. Methods: Compared with 3 patients with ovarian teratoma, 3 patients with anti-NMDAR antibodies in cerebrospinal fluid and serum, without evidence of tumor, were retrospectively reviewed. Results: All of the patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis developed a multistage illness that progressed from psychosis, memory deficits, seizures and language disintegration into a state of unresponsiveness with catatonic features associated with abnormal movements, and autonomic instability. Brain magnetic resonance imaging was unremarkable. Fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography showed variable multifocal cortical and subcortical abnormalities that changed during the course of the disease. Electroencephalograms were abnormal in all patients, which showed diffuse slow waves, and one showed extreme delta brush. Cerebrospinal fluid showed mild to moderate lymphocytic pleocytosis. Patients without tumor responded slower to treatment with first line immunotherapy especially in the patient with delayed diagnosis than patients treated with tumor resection who received similar initial immunotherapy, and one patient recovered dramatically following the treatment with second-line immunotherapy. Conclusions: The disease course of anti-NMDAR encephalitis without tumor is typically prolonged than the patients with tumor. Early administration of second-line immunotherapy is important when first line immunotherapy fails. Copyright © 2013 by the Chinese Medical Association. ER  - 
Super refractory status epilepticus: The development of a paradigm for critical care management$$$ Super refractory status epilepticus (SRSE) is a sub category of status epilepticus recently defined as seizures that persist following 24 hours of critical care sedation. SRSE is associated with a high morbidity and mortality. Protocols for the management of SRSE have been proposed, but restricted clinical trial data compromises the ability to develop a comprehensive critical care treatment paradigm. The majority of the published literature relates to anecdotal reports, case series, reviews and opinion. The objective of this review is to consolidate the knowledge of the treatment of SRSE and develop a management paradigm providing a clear clinical guide ro future clinical management and clinical trials. ER  - 
Costs explained by function rather than diagnosis - Results from the SNAC Nordanstig elderly cohort in Sweden$$$ Background Because the prevalence of many brain disorders rises with age, and brain disorders are costly, the economic burden of brain disorders will increase markedly during the next decades. Aim The purpose of this study is to analyze how the costs to society vary with different levels of functioning and with the presence of a brain disorder. Methods Resource utilization and costs from a societal viewpoint were analyzed versus cognition, activities of daily living (ADL), instrumental activities of daily living (IADL), brain disorder diagnosis and age in a population-based cohort of people aged 65 years and older in Nordanstig in Northern Sweden. Descriptive statistics, non-parametric bootstrapping and a generalized linear model (GLM) were used for the statistical analyses. Results Most people were zero users of care. Societal costs of dementia were by far the highest, ranging from SEK 262 000 (mild) to SEK 519 000 per year (severe dementia). In univariate analysis, all measures of functioning were significantly related to costs. When controlling for ADL and IADL in the multivariate GLM, cognition did not have a statistically significant effect on total cost. The presence of a brain disorder did not impact total cost when controlling for function. The greatest shift in costs was seen when comparing no dependency in ADL and dependency in one basic ADL function. Conclusion It is the level of functioning, rather than the presence of a brain disorder diagnosis, which predicts costs. ADLs are better explanatory variables of costs than Mini mental state examination. Most people in a population-based cohort are zero users of care. Copyright © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Clobazam therapy of refractory epilepsy in tuberous sclerosis complex$$$ Clobazam (CLB) was recently approved by the FDA, but has not been evaluated in tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). We retrospectively reviewed a cohort of patients with TSC and refractory epilepsy who started CLB over a 5-year period. Clinical characteristics and number of tubers on MRI were assessed. Duration of therapy, therapeutic response and adverse events were recorded. CLB was prescribed in 29 adults and children of whom 72% were cognitively impaired, with a median age at seizure onset of 5 months. Mean duration of CLB therapy was 17.3 months with a 12 and 24-month estimated retention rate of 82% and 68%, respectively. Twenty patients (69%) reported a good response (>50% seizure reduction) at the end of the titration, and six patients (21%) remained good responders after 12 months of CLB therapy. Adverse events occurred in 13 patients, predominantly somnolence and behavioral disorders. One quarter of the responders reported improvement in behavior. No predictive factor for a good response could be identified. CLB appears to be a well-tolerated and valuable option for treatment of refractory epilepsy in TSC. © 2012. ER  - 
Impact of psychiatric disorders and chronic physical conditions on health-related quality of life: Singapore Mental Health Study$$$ Background: Few studies have established Quality Adjusted Life Years (QALY) losses associated with mental and chronic physical conditions in the community. The aim of the current study was to establish and compare the QALY losses associated with select mental and chronic physical conditions in Singapore. Methods: The Singapore Mental Health Study was a cross-sectional epidemiological survey of a nationally representative sample. The diagnosis of psychiatric disorders was established using the Composite International Diagnostic Interview (CIDI 3.0) and health related quality of life (HRQoL) was measured using the Euro-Qol-5D (EQ-5D). Results: Pain conditions, hypertension and MDD were associated with the highest loss of QALYs in Singapore at a population level. The marginal effect on HRQoL by - Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) and Bipolar Disorder was higher than the effect of any physical condition. Limitations: The presence of chronic physical diseases was established using a check-list rather than with more objective measures and UK tariffs were used as local tariffs are not available and this might introduce some cultural bias. Conclusions: QALY losses associated with psychiatric disorders were high, emphasizing the need for recognizing them as major public health concerns and the need for appropriate resource allocation. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Increasing mortality gap for patients diagnosed with schizophrenia over the last three decades - A Danish nationwide study from 1980 to 2010$$$ Objective: The objective of this study is to describe secular trends in the average age of death in patients with schizophrenia and to compare these with the general population. Methods: This is a longitudinal linkage study from 1 January 1980 to 31 December 2010 using the Danish Psychiatric Research Register and the Danish Cause of Death Register. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and survival analysis. Results: The average age of death in the schizophrenia population (62.2. years; 95% CI, 61.9-62.5) was lower compared to the general population (73.4. years; 95% CI, 73.4-73.4), P< 0.001. In the general population we found, for men, an average increase in the age of death of 0.28. years (95% CI, 0.27-0.28) per calendar year, and for women an increase in age of death of 0.31. years (95% CI, 0.31-0.32) per calendar year (both P< 0.001). In contrast, age of death decreased in the schizophrenia population: the change in average age of death for males was 0.04. years (95% CI, - 0.09 to 0.00) per calendar year (P< 0.05), and the comparable estimate for females was - 0.05. years (95% CI, - 0.09 to 0.01) per calendar year (P< 0.05). A similar pattern existed after acts of self-harm as cause of death were excluded from the analyses. Patients diagnosed with schizophrenia had an increased mortality rate compared with the general population (hazard ratio, 2.05; 95% CI, 2.01-2.09). Conclusions: On average, patients with schizophrenia die younger than the general population, independent of intentional self-harm as cause of death. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Alternative medicine and toxicology: Are the risks well known?$$$ Background: The term “complementary and alternative medicine” (CAM) includes several different approaches to treatment, from homeopathy to herbal medicine, acupuncture or spiritual healing; it includes all practices and ideas self-defined by their users as preventing or treating illness or promoting health and well-being. The boundaries within CAM and between the CAM domain and that of the dominant health systems are, therefore, not always fixed. In fact, several complementary therapies involve the administration of pharmaceutical-type remedies. Herbal medicines are chemically rich preparations of plant material whereas homeopathic remedies are infinitely dilute preparations of material which may be plant, animal, mineral, chemical or biological in origin. Discussion: A substantial amount of CAM is used worldwide for illness prevention and health promotion purposes, but there is also evidence that CAM is frequently used as an adjunct to biomedical treatment by patients with serious diseases such as diabetes or cancers, and to self-manage long-term health complaints like lower back pain or sleep problems. These types of product are widely available for purchase for self-treatment from pharmacies, healthfood stores, supermarkets and via the Internet. Often in the case of herbal medicines, data are lacking on pharmacology (e.g. active constituents, pharmacokinetics, use in specific patient groups such as children, the elderly or individuals with renal or hepatic disease and in pregnancy and lactation) and toxicology (e.g. adverse effects and their frequencies, interactions with drugs and food). Moreover, the quality of some marketed complementary medicines, including food supplements, is a real concern. First of all, it is important to emphasize that products from different manufacturers are not the same. Herbs are natural products and, thus, do not have a consistent, standardized composition. Different parts of the plant (e.g. roots, leaves) contain a different profile of constituents and the content and concentration of constituents can be influenced by several factors such as climate, growing conditions, storage conditions and processing (e.g. extraction and drying). For these reasons, batch-to-batch and manufacturer-tomanufacturer variation in preparations of the same herb will occur. The quality of plant raw materials can also be influenced by human error or unscrupulous operators. Accidental botanical substitution (misidentification of plant species) or intentional adulteration can occur. An example of this relates to reports of renal failure and renal cancer following the substitution of nontoxic herbs with Aristolochia species in herbal food supplements marketed for reducing body weight.1 Patients suffering anticholinergic toxicity after use of supplements containing Choleus forskollii contaminated with scopolamine, lead poisoning after use of Ayurvedic medicines, or microcystin toxicity were recently described in Italy. Toxicity may also depend on the intrinsic effect of the drug, in the absence of contamination or adulteration. Ephedra has been used for thousands of years in China to treat bronchial asthma and other upper respiratory symptoms. More recently, its main use in the US and many other countries has been in dietary supplements for weight loss. Ephedra sales prospered in the '80s because the product was perceived by consumers as a “natural” and “safe” alternative to prescription weight loss products without the associated risk of harm. Actually, adverse effects associated with Ephedra use include headache, insomnia, anxiety, psychoses, hypertension, seizure and cardiovascular effects such as myocardial infarction, arrhythmias, stroke and death. In 2004, after 117 deaths and 16,000 reports of adverse effects, all Ephedra sales were banned and the product was no longer legally available via conventional methods.2 The use of several common herbs and dietary supplements has been also associated with hepatotoxicity, varying from asymptomatic elevations in hepatic enzyme levels to fulminant hepatic failure. Supplements with potential liver toxicity are, for example, Garcinia cambogia, Camellia sinensis, Hoodia gordoni and kava-kava.3 In other cases, toxicity data about substances proposed for the treatment of serious diseases are totally lacking. This is the case of the scorpion Rhopalurus junceus toxin distributed in Cuba and around the world as an anticancer drug. In addition to the adverse effects associated with the active principles, the risks associated with the use of dietary supplements come also from their wide availability on the Internet and by illegal trade. Thus patients may have access to products contaminated with toxic botanicals, heavy metals, pathogenic microorganisms, pesticides or adulterated with banned drugs or undeclared pharmaceutical ingredients. In a retrospective study conducted by reviewing all poisoning cases suspected to involve use of illicit slimming products, 66 poisoning cases were encountered and 81 products were analysed.4 Analysis of the products demonstrated the presence of 12 illicit ingredients comprising undeclared or banned drugs, such as sibutramine. The diagnosis of intoxications due to the use of herbal medicines is often complex due to many factors. Investigation of the source of the exposure is difficult because these products are often considered “safe” and patients often do not report the taking of such “natural” preparations. Furthermore, poisonings by herbal principles and metals are not well known by emergency department doctors, so the “alternative” cause is investigated late. Moreover the latency time that may elapse between the beginning of taking these products and the occurrence of clinical manifestations (weeks to months or years) often makes it difficult to identify a causal relationship between taking the product and symptoms. Conclusion: In conclusion, the ethnic background of the patient, the history of the current, recent or past intake of complementary or alternative medicine, and the presence of specific signs and symptoms represent the criteria for a correct and early diagnosis. ER  - 
15q13.3 Microdeletion in Schizophrenia: Delineating the Adult Phenotype$$$ Background: Several large, rare, recurrent structural genomic changes (copy number variants; CNVs) have now been convincingly implicated as major risk factors for schizophrenia (SZ). The strongest evidence for association with SZ is the well established 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, and two newer associations: 1q21.1 and 15q13.3 deletions. Published case-control studies suggest the 15q13.3 deletion may be found in at least ∼0.2% of schizophrenia cases- a 10-fold increase over the rate in controls. Apart from 22q11.2 deletions little is known about the extended adult phenotype or clinical course of the schizophrenia associated with new CNVs that underlie emerging genetic subtypes of the illness. Methods: We report on a new family with a typical 1.5 M b 15q13.3 deletion initially ascertained through a schizophrenia case-control study at our centre that was subsequently found to be inherited. We also systematically reviewed studies reporting individuals with 15q13.3 deletions and compiled all available phenotypic data. Results: Initial findings suggest there are substantially more phenotypic data available for the 15q13.3 deletion for children compared to adults, enrichment in general mental retardation, seizures/epilepsy, autism, and attention deficit disorder populations. Most individuals with 15q13.3 deletions were found to have mild, variable dysmorphic features that most often included upslanting palpebral fissures and hypertelorism. There was no evidence to suggest that the age at onset or course of illness is different in 15q13.3 deletion-schizophrenia, but data were limited. Systematic review of the genes in the 15q13.3 region revealed potential candidate genes (TRPM1, CHRNA 7) and gene network connections to other rare CNVs associated with schizophrenia. Conclusion: These results suggest that 15q13.3 deletions may represent a genetic subtype of schizophrenia with variable neuropsychiatric expression. Further study of the adult phenotype could help to inform personalized treatment, anticipatory care, and accurate genetic counseling. ER  - 
Association between toxoplasma gondii infection and TCI personality traits$$$ Background: One third of the population worldwide is infected with the protozoan parasite Toxoplasma gondii. (T.gondii). Chronic T.gondii infection is minimally symptomatic. Nevertheless, certain neurological and psychiatric conditions, such as seizures, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and personality disorders have been associated with chronic toxoplasmosis. Several studies have reported gender-dependant personality traits associated with T. gondii. As psychopathology was not adequately ruled out in those studies, it may have led to identifying spurious parasite-personality associations. Methods: The Temperament and Character Inventory (TCI) was administered to 1000 participants (490 males, 510 females, mean age of 53.5) recruited from the Munich metropolitan area. Blood T. gondii IgG antibodies were measured with ELISA. Psychopathology was ruled out with SCID I and II. TCI temperament (novelty-seeking, harm-avoidance, reward-dependence, and persistence) and character (self-directedness, cooperativeness and self-transcendence) scores were related to T. gondii seropositivity and serointensity. Statistical analyses included T. tests, ANCOVAs and linear regression, with age adjustment. Results:T. gondii positive participants had higher self-transcendence scores (p=0.018). The association was significant only in males (p=0.012). Seropositive males also reported high harm- avoidance (p=0.044). No significant TCI associations were found with serointensity. Conclusions: This is the first study on TCI-T. gondii associations in individuals confirmed to be psychiatrically healthy by structured interviews. Chronic toxoplasmosis may be associated with increased self transcendence through microorganism's enzymatic capacity to synthesize dopamine, or alternatively, through immune mediation. This report, limited by its cross-sectional design, adds to the growing literature on microorganism-host behavioral interactions. ER  - 
Seizure duration decreases over a course of bifrontal and not bitemporal ECT$$$ Background: Mechanism of action of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is unclear. Anticonvulsant action of ECT has also been one among the hypothesized mechanisms. Anticonvulsant effect may manifest during ECT in at least two ways a) increased seizure threshold b) decrease in seizure duration. In depression, increased seizure threshold has been shown to be associated with better antidepressant response. However, relationship between seizure duration and antidepressant activity has been inconsistent. These issues are not investigated in conditions other than depression. We examined this case in schizophrenia patients referred for ECT. Methods: Material for this analysis was obtained from a clinical trial examining the differential efficacy of bifrontal versus bitemporal ECT in schizophrenia patients. As a part of study 122 schizophrenia patients who were prescribed ECT were randomized to receive either bifrontal (BFECT) or bitemporal ECT (BTECT). Final analysis was conducted on the data from 70 patients, as rest of the data either had artifact or there was significant change in medication status. EEG seizure duration was noted in each session for these patients. Results: Seizure duration declined significantly from second ECT to 6th ECT [RMANOVA F=4.255; p=0.006]. When separate analysis was conducted for BTECT and BFECT patients the decline in seizure duration from 2nd to 6th ECT was significant only with BFECT [F=3.94; p=0.014] and not with BTECT [F =0.966; p=0.424]. Conclusions: Better anticonvulsant effects with BFECT may explain the better therapeutic observed with BFECT in schizophrenia as well as mania in our earlier studies. ER  - 
Safety of the electroconvulsive therapy and amisulpride combination$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy is frequently considered when pharmacotherapy is ineffective. In such cases the combination of the two treatment modalities are commonly used. Amisulpiride, a second generation antipsychotic drug is used in the treatment of schizophrenia and psychotic depression. When amisulpiride is ineffective as a monotherapy, combination with ECT could be an option to enhance its efficacy. To the best of our knowledge, to date there have been no data about the safety of this combination. Subjects and methods: Medical notes of all patients who were given ECT while on amisulpiride were selected from the archives of the Department of Psychiatry, Semmelweis University Medical School, Budapest, covering a 10-year period. A randomly selected matched control group was formed from patients who underwent ECT but were not taking amisulpiride. Patients in both groups also received a variety of psychotropic drugs other than amisulpide. Side effects were compared between the two groups of patients. Results: Twenty patients received amisulpride with ECT. The most common side effects were headache, hypertension, tachycardia, nausea, dizziness, confusion, psychomotor agitation, sialorrhea, and prolonged seizure activity. All adverse effects resolved within 24 hours. No side effects of any kind were observed in 7 and 8 cases in the study and control groups, respectively. Conclusions: This was the first study that examined the safety of amisulpride-ECT combination in schizophrenia. Comparing the side-effects between the study and control groups, no significant differences were detected in terms of their types or frequency. The amisulpiride-ECT combination appears to be a safe treatment option. © Medicinska naklada - Zagreb, Croatia. © Medicinska naklada - Zagreb, Croatia. ER  - 
Psychiatric Disorders after Epilepsy Diagnosis: A Population-Based Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Background: Psychiatric manifestations after occurrence of epilepsy have often been noted. However, the association between newly diagnosed epilepsy and psychiatric disorders afterward is not completely understood. We conducted two longitudinal cohorts for patients with and without epilepsy to investigate the risk factors and hazard ratios of developing psychiatric disorders after patients were newly diagnosed with epilepsy. Methods: We identified 938 patients with a new diagnosis of epilepsy and 518,748 participants without epilepsy from the National Health Insurance Research Database in 2000-2002 and tracked them until 2008. We compared the incidence of developing psychiatric disorders between the two cohorts, evaluated risk factors and measured the associated hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of developing psychiatric disorders. Findings: The incidences of psychiatric disorders for people with and without epilepsy were 94.1 and 22.6 per 1000 person-years, respectively. After adjusting the covariates, the epilepsy cohort showed the highest risks in mental retardation (HR 31.5, 95% CI 18.9 to 52.4), bipolar disorder (HR 23.5, 95% CI 11.4 to 48.3) and alcohol or drug psychosis (HR 18.8, 95% CI 11.1 to 31.8) among psychiatric complications developed after newly diagnosed epilepsy. The risk increased with epileptic general seizure and frequency of outpatient visits for epilepsy, as well as with emergency room visits and hospitalizations for epilepsy, and with older age. Chronologically, the highest risk occurred in the first year after epilepsy diagnosis (HR 11.4, 95% CI 9.88 to 13.2). Conclusion: Various psychiatric disorders were demonstrated after newly diagnosed epilepsy and closely related to general seizure and use of medical services for epilepsy. This shows a need for integrated psychiatric care for patients newly diagnosed with epilepsy, especially in the first year. © 2013 Chang et al. ER  - 
Oxidative stress in epilepsy with comorbid psychiatric illness$$$ Background: Free radicals have been implicated in the development of various acute and chronic diseases of brain. The present cross sectional study was designed to illustrate the oxidative stress in epilepsy with co morbid psychiatric illness using malondialdehyde as only few studies were available in this context. Objective: To evaluate the malondialdehyde (MDA) as a marker of oxidative stress in epilepsy with psychiatric co morbidity. Materials and Methods: The present cross sectional study had 210 samples which were divided in 5 groups including age and sex matched control. The MDA formation was estimated using the level of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) using spectrophotometry. The statistical analysis was done by using SPSS software and results were described with unpaired T test and p value. Results: MDA levels were significantly higher in epilepsy with psychiatric co morbidity, psychosis and depression than control. On further comparison, the MDA levels were higher in persons of epilepsy with psychiatric co morbidity than with psychosis or depression. Conclusion: Level of oxidative stress was significantly higher in epilepsy with co morbid psychiatric illness as compared to control. ER  - 
Inpatient psychiatric consultation for newly-diagnosed patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Objective: To evaluate the prevalence and utilization of inpatient psychiatric consultation (IPC) for patients newly-diagnosed with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNESs). Methods: One hundred seventy-three epilepsy centers certified by the National Association of Epilepsy Centers were surveyed with the question, "Does your epilepsy center routinely obtain an inpatient psychiatric consultation for PNES patients in the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU)?" Additional comments were optional. A separate, single-center evaluation of self-reported psychiatric comorbidities compared with IPC diagnoses in 26 consecutively hospitalized patients with vEEG-confirmed PNESs from a tertiary care center was retrospectively reviewed. Results: Ninety-seven epilepsy centers responded to the survey. Forty-one of the 97 (42.3%) responded "yes", confirming routine use of IPC at their center. Sixty-two of the 97 (63.9%) included elective comments, with the most common being the use of case-by-case assessment to determine the necessity of IPC (56.4%). At the single center where IPC was requested for 26 newly-diagnosed patients, 7/26 (26.9%) refused evaluation by a psychiatrist. There was not a significant difference between the mood or anxiety disorder diagnosed by IPC and those self-reported by the patients. Only one patient received a change in drug treatment from IPC. None of the patients were a suicide threat prior to discharge. Conclusions: Almost half of the surveyed epilepsy centers utilized IPC routinely. However, based on our study results, we suggest that routine IPC is not necessary in patients newly-diagnosed with PNESs and that a case-by-case evaluation would ensure that the minority of patients with acute psychiatric risks receive timely diagnosis and treatment. The value of IPC should be further evaluated in a larger, multi-center study. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Insomnia symptoms in South Florida military veterans with epilepsy$$$ Background: Despite the high prevalence of insomnia in veterans with epilepsy, it remains understudied. Our aim was to identify the associations of insomnia with epilepsy, comorbidities, and treatment-related variables in South Florida veterans. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional analysis of veterans attending an epilepsy clinic over 18. months. Participants completed standardized assessments of seizure and sleep. Insomnia was defined as 1) difficulty with sleep onset, maintenance, or premature awakenings with daytime consequences or 2) sedative-hypnotic use on most nights of the previous month. Results: One hundred sixty-five veterans (87% male, age 56 ± 15. years) were included: 66 reporting insomnia (40%). In logistic regression analysis, insomnia was significantly associated with post-traumatic seizure etiology, lamotrigine prescription, and mood and psychotic disorders. Female gender and levetiracetam treatment were associated with lower odds for insomnia. Conclusion: Insomnia was associated with post-traumatic epilepsy, mood/psychotic comorbidities, and antiepileptic regimen. Insomnia represents an under-recognized opportunity to improve comprehensive epilepsy care. © 2013 . ER  - 
Prospective study of carmustine wafers in combination with 6-month metronomic temozolomide and radiation therapy in newly diagnosed glioblastoma: Preliminary results$$$ Object. Locoregional chemotherapy with carmustine wafers, positioned at surgery and followed by radiation therapy, has been shown to prolong survival in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma, as has concomitant radiochemo-therapy with temozolomide. A combination of carmustine wafers with the Stupp treatment regimen has only been investigated in retrospective studies. Methods. In a single-institution prospective study, the authors assessed 12-month progression-free survival (PFS), toxicity, and overall survival in patients with glioblastoma treated with surgery, carmustine wafers, radiotherapy, and 6-month metronomic temozolomide chemotherapy. Thirty-five patients with de novo glioblastoma, between the ages of 18 and 70 years, and with Karnofsky Performance Scale scores of at least 70, were included in the study. Patients were followed monthly and assessed using MRI every 2 months. Results. After a median follow-up of 15 months, the median time to tumor progression was 12.5 months and median survival was 17.8 months. Due to toxicity (mostly hematological), 7 patients had to prematurely stop temozolomide treatment. Twenty-two patients developed Grade 3 CD4+ lymphocytopenia. Three patients developed oral-esophageal candidiasis, 2 developed pneumonia, and 1 developed a dorsolumbar zoster. Early intracranial hypertension was observed in 1 patient, and 1 was treated empirically for suspected brain abscess. One patient died of Legionella pneumonia soon after repeat surgery. Conclusions. Overall, this treatment schedule produced promising results in terms of PFS without a marked increase in toxicities as compared with the Stupp regimen. However, the gain in median survival using this schedule was less clear. Only prospective comparative trials will determine whether these preliminary results will translate into a long-term survival advantage with an acceptable toxicity profile. © 2013 AANS. ER  - 
Autoantibodies to the functionally active RING-domain of Ro52/SSA are associated with disease activity in patients with lupus$$$ The Ro52 protein of the Ro/SSA antigen was recently defined as an E3 ligase controlling cytokine production. Autoantibodies from systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients targeting the Ro52-RING domain, containing the E3 ligase activity, have been shown to inhibit the E3 ligase activity of Ro52. The objective of the present study was to investigate correlations between clinical parameters in patients with SLE and levels of Ro/SSA (Ro52 and Ro60) and La/SSB autoantibodies, including autoantibodies directed towards the functional RING and B-box domains of the Ro52 protein. SLE patients (n = 232) were clinically examined and disease activity indices collected concurrently to blood sampling. The samples were analyzed for immunological parameters including autoantibodies.Ro52 autoantibody levels were associated with more variables than the other analyzed antibodies and were significantly associated with several individual items related to sSS and the diagnosis of sSS itself (p = 0.004). Other associated variables were high sedimentation rate (p = 0.0003), levels of immunoglobulins (p = 0.0003), and an inverse correlation with levels of lymphocytes (p = 0.003) and leukocytes (p = 0.01). Antibodies to the RING domain of Ro52, which is the functionally active domain with E3 ligase activity, were significantly correlated with disease activity as measured by the SLAM score.We conclude that autoantibodies against Ro52 and in particular its functional RING domain are important in lupus patients and associated with several clinical and laboratory features of the disease. The impact on disease activity of Ro52-RING specific antibodies was especially noted, and could imply a functional role for these autoantibodies in inhibiting Ro52 activity, which is important for the control of proinflammatory cytokine production, including type 1 interferons. © 2013 The Author(s). ER  - 
Current state and future prospects of pharmacological interventions for autism$$$ Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a group of heterogeneous developmental disorders manifesting in early childhood. They are associated with a range of core and associated symptoms, including repetitive behaviors, hyperactivity and irritability. This review will describe the current evidence for psychopharmacological management of individuals with ASD. Additionally, some of the future treatment prospects will be discussed. Safety issues, adverse effects and limitations of the current literature will also be highlighted. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Comparative performance of two drug interaction screening programmes analysing a cross-sectional prescription dataset of 84,625 psychiatric inpatients$$$ Background: Clinical decision support software (CDSS) solutions can automatically identify drug interactions and thereby aim to improve drug safety. However, data on the comparative performance of different CDSS to detect and appropriately classify interactions in real-life prescription datasets is limited. Objective: The aim of this study was to compare the results from two different CDSS analysing the pharmacotherapy of a large population of psychiatric inpatients for drug interactions. Methods: We performed mass analyses of cross-sectional patient-level prescriptions from 84,625 psychiatric inpatients using two CDSS - MediQ and ID PHARMA CHECK®. Interactions with the highest risk ratings and the most frequent ratings were reclassified according to the Zurich Interaction System (ZHIAS), a multidimensional classification that incorporates the OpeRational ClassificAtion of Drug Interactions (ORCA) and served as a reference standard. Results: MediQ reported 6,133 unique interacting combinations responsible for 270,617 alerts affecting 63,454 patients. ID PHARMA CHECK® issued 5,400 interactions and 157,489 alerts in 48,302 patients. Only 2,154 unique interactions were identified by both programmes, but overlap increased with higher risk rating. MediQ reported high-risk interactions in 2.5 % of all patients, compared with 5 % according to ID PHARMA CHECK®. The positive predictive value for unique major alerts to be (provisionally) contraindicated according to ORCA was higher for MediQ (0.63) than for either of the two ID PHARMA CHECK® components (0.42 for hospINDEX and 0.30 for ID MACS). MediQ reported more interactions, and ID PHARMA CHECK ® tended to classify interactions into a higher risk class, but overall both programmes identified a similar number of (provisionally) contraindicated interactions according to ORCA criteria. Both programmes identified arrhythmia as the most frequent specific risk associated with interactions in psychiatric patients. Conclusions: CDSS can be used for mass-analysis of prescription data and thereby support quality management. However, in clinical practice CDSS impose an overwhelming alert burden on the prescriber, and prediction of clinical relevance remains a major challenge. Only a small subset of yet to be determined alerts appears suitable for automated display in clinical routine. © 2013 Springer International Publishing Switzerland. ER  - 
Single-agent duloxetine ingestions$$$ Duloxetine is a serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, which is mainly used to treat depression. This retrospective study describes the demographic and clinical effects of duloxetine ingestions reported to the National Poison Data System (NPDS). NPDS data were searched for duloxetine exposures between 2004 and 2010. A total of 11,373 patients were included and exposures were divided into three groups of ages ≤6 years old, 7-12 years and >12 years. Neurological clinical effects occurred in 6.1% of the patients aged ≤6 years, 13.0% of the patients aged 7-12 years and 24.6% of the patients aged >12 years. Cardiovascular effects occurred in 1.4% of the patients aged ≤6 years old, 2.5% of the patients aged 7-12 years and 11.6% of the patients aged >12 years. Gastrointestinal effects occurred in 4.1% of the patients aged ≤6 years old, 16.6% of the patients aged 7-12 years and 13.8% of the patients aged >12 years. Tachycardia, nausea, vomiting, agitation/irritability, dizziness/vertigo and drowsiness were among the most common clinical effects in all three groups. Overall, 61.4% of the patients aged ≤6 years and 77.5% of the patients aged 7-12 years were managed in a non-health care facility, while 55.8% of the patients aged >12 years were referred to or already in a health care facility. We conclude that the majority of ingestions are benign in both pediatrics and adults. Most symptomatic patients have neurologic, gastrointestinal and cardiovascular effects. Most pediatric patients will be able to be managed in a non-health care facility. © The Author(s) 2013. ER  - 
The clinical and EEG pattern in the 22q13.3 deletion syndrome$$$ The 22q13.3 deletion syndrome (22q13.3DS), also known as Phelan-McDermid Syndrome, is a rare genetic disorder caused by a microdeletion on chromosome 22 that includes hypotonia, severely impaired development of speech and language, autistic-like behavior, and minor dysmorphic features. The neurologic picture includes seizures. Many seizures are febrile and do not require medication; however, grand mal seizures, focal seizures, and absence seizures have been described. No characteristic EEG findings are associated with 22q13.3DS. We studied in a retrospective way the neurodevelopmental profile and the clinical features of 7 patients with 22q13.3DS. The results have been compared with the data of the literature. Also in absence of epilepsy, EEG abnormalities, especially during sleep, were found in 57% of the subjects. Hence, we consider rather useful to perform sleep EEG recording in patients with 22q13.3DS. ER  - 
Familial cosegregation of rare genetic variants with disease in complex disorders$$$ Family-based designs are increasingly being used for identification of rare variants in complex disorders. This paper addresses two questions related to the utility of these designs. First, under what circumstances are rare disease-related variants expected to cosegregate with disease in families? Second, under what circumstances is a disease-variant association expected to be greater in studies restricted to familial cases than in studies of unselected cases? To investigate these questions, we developed a probability model of disease causation involving two loci. To address cosegregation, we examined the probability that an affected first-degree relative of a variant-carrying proband would also carry the variant. We find that this probability increases with increasing odds ratio (OR) for the variant, but declines with increasing sibling recurrence risk ratio (λ s). For example, under reasonable assumptions, the 15q13.3 microdeletion in idiopathic generalized epilepsy, with an OR estimate of 68 in large case-control studies, is expected to be present in >95% of affected first-degree relatives of variant-carrying probands. However, for a variant with OR=5, the probability an affected relative has the variant ranges from 82% (when λ s =2) to 58% (when λ s =50). We also find that restriction of a study to familial cases does not necessarily increase a rare variant's association with disease, especially if λ s is high and the variant contributes little to overall disease familial aggregation. These findings provide guidance for the design of family-based studies of rare variants in complex disorders. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
A randomized add-on trial of high-dose d-cycloserine for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Antagonism of N-methyl-d-aspartate glutamatergic receptors (NMDAR) may represent an effective antidepressant mechanism. d-cycloserine (DCS) is a partial agonist at the NMDAR-associated glycine modulatory site that at high doses acts as a functional NMDAR antagonist. Twenty-six treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients participated in a double blind, placebo-controlled, 6-wk parallel group trial with a gradually titrated high dose (1000mg/d) of DCS added to their antidepressant medication. DCS treatment was well tolerated, had no psychotomimetic effects and led to improvement in depression symptoms as measured by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD; p=0.005) and Beck Depression Inventory (p=0.046). Of the 13 subjects treated with DCS, 54% had a ≥50% HAMD score reduction vs. 15% of the 13 patients randomized to placebo (p=0.039). A significant (p=0.043) treatment× pre-treatment glycine serum levels interaction was registered. These findings indicate that NMDAR glycine site antagonism may be a cost-effective target for development of mechanistically novel antidepressants. Larger-sized DCS trials are warranted. © 2012 CINP. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: Epidemiology and radiology pointing to an immune-mediated cause$$$ Background: Different pathogenetic pathways have been proposed for neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Objective: To describe the patient characteristics of a large cohort of patients with SLE with NP manifestations (NPSLE) in a single centre and to review whether these and other data are compatible with immune-mediated mechanisms. Methods: A total of 212 patients were identified from MRI scans of the brain ordered for suspected NPSLE. Data were collected from the medical records. NP syndromes were classified according to the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) nomenclature and case definitions. Results: 155 patients fulfilled the criteria for SLE. In 102 patients NP manifestations were attributed to SLE itself (primary NPSLE) whereas, in the remaining patients, the NP symptoms were due to other causes. The median age at the time of SLE diagnosis in patients with primary NPSLE was 27.5 years and the median duration prior to NPSLE was 2.8 years. Forty patients (39%) had a NP manifestation in the first year of the disease. Cerebrovascular disease, cognitive dysfunction, seizures and headache were the most prevalent syndromes. In 47% of patients with primary NPSLE the MRI scan of the brain showed no abnormalities. Conclusions: Most NP manifestations in SLE occur early in the disease. This finding, as well as data from quantitative imaging studies and recent pathological studies, point to an immune-mediated pathogenesis. ER  - 
A cohort study of the risk of seizures in a pediatric population treated with atomoxetine or stimulant medications$$$ Purpose: Stimulant medications used for treating attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) can be associated with an increased risk of seizures. Atomoxetine is a non-stimulant medication approved for treating ADHD. This retrospective cohort analysis evaluated risk of seizures among pediatric patients naïve to ADHD medication therapy, with exposure to atomoxetine relative to stimulant medications. Methods: Among members of a large US health plan from 1/1/2003 to 12/31/2006, aged 6-17 years, we identified initiators of atomoxetine or stimulants with no evidence of prior study drug use. We created study cohorts using propensity score matching within 6-month calendar blocks. The outcome was a seizure event in the 6-month follow-up period verified through medical record review. Relative risks (RR) based on current use of each study drug adjusted for baseline covariates were calculated using Poisson regression. We estimated hazard ratios from Cox proportional hazards models for the comparison of atomoxetine to stimulants based on initial cohort assignment. Results: We matched 13398 initiators of atomoxetine to 13322 initiators of stimulants. We identified 97 seizure events. After adjustment, current atomoxetine therapy was associated with a non-statistically significant 28% lower risk of seizure compared to current stimulant therapy (RR 0.72; 95%CI 0.37, 1.38). The adjusted RR of seizure with atomoxetine compared to stimulants based on initial cohort assignment was 0.90 (95%CI 0.54, 1.49). Conclusions: These results do not support an increase in the risk of seizure with atomoxetine therapy. The risk of seizure was not significantly different between pediatric patients taking atomoxetine compared with those taking stimulants. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Traumatic brain injury and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures yield worse outcomes$$$ Purpose: To investigate the relationship between traumatic brain injury (TBI) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). We hypothesized that PNES with TBI would be associated with more psychiatric comorbidities and disability than PNES without TBI. Methods: In this cross-sectional study comparing patients with PNES with TBI to patients with PNES without TBI, medical records from 255 consecutive patients with electroencephalography (EEG)-confirmed PNES were reviewed to assess variables including demographic, head injury, neurologic, psychiatry, social variables, and quality of life and symptoms scales. Parametric, analysis of covariance (ANCOVA), and logistic regression analyses were performed, to compare psychiatric and function variables between the two study groups while controlling for age and sex. Key Findings: Of the 92 patients with PNES who fulfilled inclusion/exclusion criteria, 41 (44.6%) had a history of TBI. Of the 41 patients with TBI, 30 (73%) met criteria for mild TBI (mTBI). Patients with TBI had more mood disorder diagnoses, were more likely to receive disability, and had lower global functioning than non-TBI patients with PNES, after adjusting for age and sex. Patients with TBI and PNES had significantly increased odds for having major depression, behavioral impulsivity, posttraumatic stress disorder diagnosis, and a trauma/abuse history. Significance: TBI is a significant risk factor in patients with PNES, being associated with increased psychiatric diagnostic comorbidity, symptoms severity, poorer functioning, and increased disability. This study reveals the importance of identifying and addressing the impact of TBI in patients with seizure disorders. Addressing the sequelae of TBI in PNES may be a target to improve functioning. © 2012 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Primary gliomatosis cerebri involving gray matter in pediatrics: A distinct entity? A multicenter study of 14 cases$$$ Background and purpose: Gliomatosis cerebri (GC) is a rare neoplasm including a variety of tumors, with extremely variable evolution and heterogeneity of prognosis. It may appear either de novo or after a focal glioma, involve predominantly the white or the gray matter, and concern either pediatric or adult patients. We focused on primary GC involving exclusively gray matter in a pediatric population in order better to define the presentation and outcome of this disease. Patients and methods: We reviewed the databases of seven Departments of Pediatric Oncology to identify pediatric cases of GC between 1990 and 2007. Patients were included if they demonstrated a diffuse infiltrative process involving gray matter in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and histological tissue analyses, confirming a proliferative glial disorder. Results: Fourteen patients with a median age of 8 years were identified. Epilepsy was the main presenting symptom. Brain MRI showed a lesion of the temporal and insular cerebral cortex associated with tumoral infiltration of the thalami and the basal ganglia. Histological examination confirmed the diagnosis of high-grade glioma. Prognosis was always very gloomy in the short term, with a median survival of less than a year. Conclusion: This rare entity, whose prognosis is appalling whatever the treatment proposed, should be clearly identified within the heterogeneous group of GC in the same way as diffuse intrinsic pontine gliomas have been identified among brain stem tumors. Systematic biopsies appear essential to permit the molecular studies which will assist in guiding the choice of future targeted treatments. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Do psychiatric comorbidities have a negative impact on the course and treatment of seizure disorders?$$$ Purpose of Review: Psychiatric comorbidities are relatively frequent in people with epilepsy (PWE) occurring in one of every three patients, with a predominance of mood and anxiety disorders. Their relation with epilepsy is very complex as not only are patients with epilepsy at greater risk of developing psychiatric disorders, but also those with primary psychiatric disorders are at greater risk of developing epilepsy. The purpose of this review is to identify the implications that this bidirectional relation has on the management of the actual seizure disorder. Purpose of Review: Psychiatric comorbidities are associated with a worse response to the pharmacologic and surgical treatment of the seizure disorder. In addition, comorbid mood and anxiety disorders have been associated with a worse tolerance of antiepileptic drugs. Furthermore, the complexity between psychiatric comorbidities and epilepsy can also be appreciated in patients with treatment-resistant focal epilepsy who are treated with surgery, as some may experience a remission of presurgical mood and anxiety disorders after surgery, particularly when complete seizure freedom is achieved, whereas others experience an exacerbation in severity during the first 12 months after surgery and others may experience the development of de-novo psychiatric disorders. Summary: Psychiatric comorbidities are relatively frequent in PWE and have a bidirectional relation, the consequence of which are reflected in a worse response to the pharmacologic and surgical treatment of the seizure disorder. In addition, the variable changes of presurgical psychiatric comorbidities following epilepsy surgery may be another expression of this complex relation. © 2013 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Percutaneous closure of patent foramen ovale in cryptogenic embolism$$$ Background: The options for secondary prevention of cryptogenic embolism in patients with patent foramen ovale are administration of antithrombotic medications or percutaneous closure of the patent foramen ovale. We investigated whether closure is superior to medical therapy. Methods: We performed a multicenter, superiority trial in 29 centers in Europe, Canada, Brazil, and Australia in which the assessors of end points were unaware of the study-group assignments. Patients with a patent foramen ovale and ischemic stroke, transient ischemic attack (TIA), or a peripheral thromboembolic event were randomly assigned to undergo closure of the patent foramen ovale with the Amplatzer PFO Occluder or to receive medical therapy. The primary end point was a composite of death, nonfatal stroke, TIA, or peripheral embolism. Analysis was performed on data for the intention-to-treat population. Results: The mean duration of follow-up was 4.1 years in the closure group and 4.0 years in the medical-therapy group. The primary end point occurred in 7 of the 204 patients (3.4%) in the closure group and in 11 of the 210 patients (5.2%) in the medicaltherapy group (hazard ratio for closure vs. medical therapy, 0.63; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.24 to 1.62; P = 0.34). Nonfatal stroke occurred in 1 patient (0.5%) in the closure group and 5 patients (2.4%) in the medical-therapy group (hazard ratio, 0.20; 95% CI, 0.02 to 1.72; P = 0.14), and TIA occurred in 5 patients (2.5%) and 7 patients (3.3%), respectively (hazard ratio, 0.71; 95% CI, 0.23 to 2.24; P = 0.56). Conclusions: Closure of a patent foramen ovale for secondary prevention of cryptogenic embolism did not result in a significant reduction in the risk of recurrent embolic events or death as compared with medical therapy. Copyright © 2013 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Epilepsy and Concomittant pseudoseizures: The diagnostic dilemma$$$ Epilepsy is a chronic medical condition affecting millions of people in the United States. It is characterized by uncontrolled seizures. Epilepsy has a huge social and economic impact on patients and their caregivers. Management of uncontrolled epilepsy is done under the supervision of a neurologist. However, it has been shown in the literature that chronic epilepsy patients also develop "seizure like episodes," referred to as "pseudoseizures" or "psychogenic non-epileptic spells". This condition is a form of conversion disorder. The gold standard for adequate treatment is referral to a specialized epilepsy center for adequate diagnosis. Once the diagnosis is made, the input from the psychiatrist and psychologist is crucial for appropriate management. © Internet Scientific Publications, LLC., 1996 - 2013. ER  - 
Intravenous cyclophosphamide and plasmapheresis in dialysis-dependent ANCA-associated vasculitis$$$ Background and objectives Induction therapy with oral cyclophosphamide (CYP) has been a mainstay of treatment in patients with severe renal failure secondary to ANCA-associated vasculitis (AAV). Recent evidence proposes using pulsed intravenous CYP in less severe disease to minimize adverse events. It is unclear if this can be translated to those with dialysis-dependent renal insufficiency. Design, setting, participants, & methods All AAV patients presenting between 2005 and 2010 requiring dialysis at presentation were retrospectively analyzed. Patients were treated with plasma exchange, corticosteroids, and intravenous CYP. Rate of dialysis independence at 3 and 12 months and adverse effects were assessed and compared with the outcome of the plasmapheresis, prednisolone, and oral CYP arm of the randomized MEPEX (methylprednisolone versus plasma exchange) trial. Results Forty-one patients were included. At 3 months, 3 (7.3%) patients had died on dialysis, 12 (29.3%) remained dialysis dependent, and 26 (63.4%) were dialysis independent (creatinine, 2.5 mg/dl; GFR, 26 ml/min per 1.73 m2). Four patients subsequently reached ESRD at a median time of 83 days. Thirty-seven (90%) patients reached 1 year follow-up, 13 (35%) remained dialysis dependent, and 24 (65%) had independent renal function. Eleven patients (27%) had episodes of leukopenia (white cell count <4×109/L) during CYP therapy and 17 (41%) experienced infectious complications. This compares favorably with the dialysis-dependent cohort treated with plasmapheresis in the MEPEX study in which 51% were alive with independent renal function at 1 year. Conclusions Intravenous CYP used with corticosteroids and plasmapheresis may be an effective alternative to oral CYP in patients with dialysis-dependent AAV. © 2013 by the American Society of Nephrology. ER  - 
[Aura-related symptoms associated with cluster headache: outcomes of a LUCA substudy].$$$ To describe the prevalence of aura in a Dutch cluster headache (CH) population. Cross-sectional, epidemiological study. As part of a large-scale study into headaches conducted in Leiden (the Netherlands), patients experiencing headaches were identified by means of questionnaires on a headache website. One group of patients with CH was approached by telephone and an interview on aura-related symptoms was performed by means of a standardized questionnaire. The presence of migraine co-morbidity was also investigated. Of the interviewed CH patients, 22 out of 244 (9.0%) had aura-related symptoms preceding a CH attack, which were predominantly visual in nature. The majority (72.7%) of these patients did not have migraine co-morbidity. Aura-related symptoms can occur in CH without migraine co-morbidity. In clinical practice, it should be taken into account that the presence of an aura does not always indicate migraine. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind trial of 2.5 mg and 5 mg vortioxetine (Lu AA21004) versus placebo for 8 weeks in adults with major depressive disorder$$$ Objective: Vortioxetine (Lu AA21004) is an investigational antidepressant. In vitro studies indicate that vortioxetine is a 5-HT3, 5-HT7, and 5-HT1D receptor antagonist, 5-HT1B receptor partial agonist, 5-HT1A receptor agonist and inhibitor of the 5-HT transporter. This trial assessed the efficacy and tolerability of 2.5 and 5 mg vortioxetine for the treatment of MDD. Research design and methods: Adults (N = 611) with MDD were randomized to 8 weeks of double-blind treatment with placebo, vortioxetine (2.5 or 5 mg) or active reference (duloxetine 60 mg). The primary measure was change from baseline in the 24-item Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D24). Secondary endpoints included responder rate, Clinical Global Impression Scale-Global Improvement scale (CGI-I), and remission rate. Participants were monitored for adverse events (AEs), and treatment-emergent sexual dysfunction using the Arizona Sexual Experiences (ASEX) scale. Results: Both doses of vortioxetine were associated with declines in HAM-D24 total scores compared to placebo but were not statistically significant. At 8 weeks, changes from baseline were [mean (SE)]:-10.50 (0.76) placebo,-12.04 (0.74) 2.5 mg vortioxetine, and-11.08 (0.74) 5 mg vortioxetine. Secondary outcome measures in the vortioxetine groups, including responder rate, CGI-I, and remission rate, were also not significantly different from placebo. Duloxetine treatment was associated with declines in HAM-D24 total score [-13.47(0.75); p = 0.005] as well as significant improvements in secondary outcome measures versus placebo (p ≤ 0.05). The most common AEs for vortioxetine were nausea, dry mouth, and headache. Rates of sexual dysfunction (ASEX) were 51.0%, 37.5%, 46.9%, and 33.3% in the vortioxetine 2.5 mg, vortioxetine 5 mg, duloxetine, and placebo groups, respectively. Conclusions: In this study of adults with MDD treated for 8 weeks with vortioxetine 2.5 mg or 5 mg per day, reductions in depression symptoms were not statistically significant compared with placebo. Study limitations are discussed, including patient characteristics, MDD severity, drug dosing, and aspects of trial design. Both doses of vortioxetine were well tolerated. This trial has been registered at clinicaltrials. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Impact of the human immunodeficiency virus on early multidrug-resistant tuberculosis treatment outcomes in Botswana$$$ SETTING: The impact of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) on multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) treatment outcomes in sub-Saharan Africa, where extensive rollout of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) has occurred, remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: To compare the time to initial culture conversion among patients with and those without HIV infection in a setting of individualized MDR-TB care in Botswana. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study of MDR-TB patients receiving ambulatory, integrated TB-HIV care at two public clinics in Botswana. The time to culture conversion was compared by HIV status using Cox proportional hazard ratios (HRs). RESULTS: A total of 40 HIV-infected and 30 non-HIV-infected patients with MDR-TB and follow-up cultures were identified. The median time to initial culture conversion was 78 days (interquartile range [IQR] 42-186) for HIV-infected and 95 days (IQR 70-133) for non-HIV-infected individuals (log rank P > 0.5; unadjusted HR 0.9, 95%CI 0.5-1.5). Adjusting for age, sex, treatment history and number of active anti-tuberculosis drugs did not change this result (adjusted HR 0.8, 95%CI 0.4-1.4). CONCLUSION: We found no difference in the proportion of or time to initial sputum culture conversion between an HIV-infected and a non-infected cohort of MDR-TB patients in Botswana, suggesting that outcomes may be comparable in similar settings with access to individualized anti-tuberculosis treatment and HAART. © 2013 The Union. ER  - 
Impact of pretreatment with amobarbital on electroconvulsive therapy outcomes$$$ Objectives: Amobarbital is used at our institution to treat patients with significant pre-electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) anxiety/agitation. The primary objective of this study was to determine whether amobarbital pretreatment has an impact on duration of seizures. Methods: Charts of patients receiving ECT were retrospectively reviewed for demographics,number of treatments, and seizure duration. Results: Pretreatment with amobarbital was associated with a decrease in motor and electroencephalographic seizure duration (19.8 vs 24.4 seconds; P < 0.001) and (39.3 vs 47.2 seconds; P < 0.001), respectively. Conclusions: The results of this study indicate that pretreatment with amobarbital is associated with a decreased duration of ECT-induced seizures. © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Randomized controlled study of the T-type calcium channel antagonist MK-8998 for the treatment of acute psychosis in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Objective This study aimed to evaluate whether the T-type calcium channel antagonist MK-8998 was effective in treating acute psychosis in patients with schizophrenia. Methods This was a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study. After a placebo lead-in, acutely psychotic inpatients with schizophrenia were randomized to 4 weeks of MK-8998 12/16 mg daily (N = 86), olanzapine 10/15 mg daily (N = 47), or placebo (N = 83). The primary efficacy measure was score on the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS). Results Out of 216 randomized patients, 158 completed the 4-week study: MK-8998 = 58 (67.4%), olanzapine = 38 (80.9%), and placebo = 62 (74.7%). The mean changes from baseline in PANSS score at week 4 for MK-8998 and olanzapine were not significantly different from placebo: MK-8998-placebo difference = -0.6 [95% confidence interval (CI): -7.0, 5.8], p = 0.9; olanzapine-placebo difference = -4.3 [95% CI: -11.7, 3.1), p = 0.3. A responder rate analysis (≥20% improvement from baseline in PANSS score) suggested an advantage of olanzapine over placebo (odds ratio = 2.20 [95% CI: 0.95, 5.09], p = 0.07) but no effect of MK-8998 over placebo (odds ratio = 1.28 [95% CI: 0.62, 2.64], p = 0.5). Treatments were generally well tolerated, but more patients reported adverse events for MK-8998 (47.7%) and olanzapine (48.9%) than placebo (37.3%). Conclusions MK-8998 was not effective in treating acutely psychotic inpatients with schizophrenia, as measured by PANSS score at week 4. Because of the limited efficacy of the active comparator, we cannot exclude the possibility that T-type calcium channel antagonists could prove to be effective in schizophrenia. Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Maternal safety of trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine in pregnant women$$$ OBJECTIVE: To estimate the risks for medically attended events occurring within 42 days of receiving trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine and to evaluate specific risks of first-trimester vaccination. METHODS: This retrospective observational cohort study compared rates of medically attended adverse events in trivalent inactivated influenza-vaccinated and unvaccinated pregnant women in the Vaccine Safety Datalink. Using a Poisson distribution and log link, we calculated maternal adjusted incident rate ratios for composite safety outcomes for the full cohort and the subset vaccinated during the first trimester. RESULTS: The cohort included 75,906 vaccinated (28.4% in the first trimester) and 147,992 unvaccinated women matched by age, site, and pregnancy start date. In the first 3 days after vaccination, trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine was not associated with increased risk of specified medically attended events, including allergic reactions, cellulitis, and seizures (full cohort adjusted incident rate ratio 1.12, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.81-1.55; P=.48; first-trimester adjusted incident rate ratio .97, 95% CI 0.53-1.78; P=.93). In the first 42 days, no incident cases of Guillain-Barré syndrome, optic neuritis, transverse myelitis, or Bells palsy were identified. Trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine was not associated with thrombocytopenia (full cohort adjusted incident rate ratio 0.90, 95% CI 0.68-1.19; P=.45; first-trimester adjusted incident rate ratio 0.56, 95% CI 0.22-1.39; P=.21) or an acute neurologic event (full cohort adjusted incident rate ratio 0.92, 95% CI 0.54-1.6; P=.75; first-trimester adjusted incident rate ratio 1.05, 95% CI 0.46-2.38; P=.91). CONCLUSIONS: Receipt of trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine during pregnancy was not associated with increased risk of adverse events in the 42 days after vaccination, supporting its safety for the mother. © 2013 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. ER  - 
Dextromethorphan abuse: A literature review$$$ Objective: To review dextromethorphan abuse patterns from 2002-2012 and emphasize the pharmacist's role in prevention, education, and sales surveillance. Data Sources: A literature search was conducted through PubMed (2002-November 2012), EMBASE (2002-November 2012), and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (2002-November 2012), using the search term dextromethorphan abuse. The Drug Enforcement Administration and National Association of Boards of Pharmacy websites were searched for dextromethorphan abuse and legislative updates. The search was limited to a 10-year period to identify the most current case reports and studies. Study Selection and Data Extraction: The limits used were studies/case reports evaluating humans and published in the English language. Only studies and case reports that assessed dextromethorphan abuse were included in the review. Eight studies and 9 case reports met the inclusion criteria. Data Synthesis: Case reports and studies demonstrate that there are patterns associated with dextromethorphan abuse. A study using data reported to the National Poison Data System identified Coricidin as the most (65.5%) commonly abused dextromethorphan product until 2006; its abuse has decreased since that time (p < 0.0001). The most common abuse effects and toxicities cited in studies and case reports include agitation, confusion, central nervous system depression, tachycardia, hypertension, lethargy, psychosis, hallucinations, mydriasis, dizziness, and cardiotoxicity. One study identified that 96% of samples tested positive for other substances in addition to dextromethorphan. Coingestion of other substances is also common among dextromethorphan abusers. Conclusions: Case reports and studies demonstrate that there are patterns associated with dextromethorphan abuse. It is difficult to identify dextromethorphan as the causative agent of abuse effects because of coingestion of other substances. Studies should examine the pharmacist's role and the association between dextromethorphan sales restrictions and abuse patterns. © 1985-2013 Harvey Whitney Books Co. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Quality of life and adverse effects of olanzapine versus risperidone therapy in patients with schizophrenia$$$ This cross-sectional study aimed to compare the effects of treatment with an atypical antipsychotic drug (olanzapine or risperidone) on quality of life (QoL) and to document adverse effects in 115 patients diagnosed with schizophrenia who attended the ambulatory service of Hospital Dr. João Machado, Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil. Socioeconomic, sociodemographic, and clinical variables were compared. The QoL Scale validated for Brazil (QLS-BR) was used to evaluate QoL, and adverse effects were assessed using the Udvalg for Kliniske Undersøgelser Side Effect Rating Scale. Data were analyzed using the χ2 test and Student's t test, with a significance level of 5 %. Patients in both drug groups showed severe impairment in the occupational domain of the QLS-BR. Global QLS-BR scores indicated impairment among risperidone users and severe impairment among olanzapine users. The most significant side effects were associated with risperidone, including asthenia/lassitude/fatigue, somnolence/sedation, paresthesia, change in visual accommodation, increased salivation, diarrhea, orthostatic posture, palpitations/tachycardia, erythema, photosensitivity, weight loss, galactorrhea, decreased sexual desire, erectile/orgasmic dysfunction, vaginal dryness, headache, and physical dependence. QoL was impaired in patients using olanzapine and in those using risperidone. Risperidone use was associated with psychic, neurological, and autonomous adverse effects and other side effects. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Quality of life, anxiety and depression in adult patients after add-on of levetiracetam and conversion to levetiracetam monotherapy$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate the change of health related quality of life (HRQoL), anxiety and depression in adult patients in whom an adjunctive treatment with levetiracetam (LEV) was converted to a LEV monotherapy. A prospective, open, investigator initiated multicenter study enrolled 140 patients in whom LEV was added to the existing antiepileptic medication. A total of 65 patients who benefited from the 16-week add-on treatment with LEV (≥50% seizure reduction) were converted to LEV monotherapy (16-week follow-up). In LEV responders, HRQoL, anxiety and depression improved after add-on of LEV. The subsequent conversion to LEV monotherapy did not lead to a significant change in HRQoL, anxiety and depression. However, comparing baseline with LEV monotherapy, the improvements remained significant for most dimensions of HRQoL and for anxiety and depression. Patients' ratings of efficacy of LEV were related with their HRQoL after the conversion to monotherapy. Add-on therapy of LEV improved HRQoL, anxiety and depression in LEV responders. Conversion to a LEV monotherapy did not inevitably improve HRQoL in LEV responders, but the positive effect was maintained in the majority of the patients. The effects were highly related to seizure reduction. © 2012 Elsevier B.V.. ER  - 
Selective amygdalohippocampectomy versus standard temporal lobectomy in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy and unilateral hippocampal sclerosis$$$ Several studies have demonstrated the positive effect of resective epilepsy surgery in drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). However, it is still a matter of debate whether selective amygdalohippocampectomy (SAH) or standard temporal lobectomy (STL) are the most effective approaches concerning seizure outcome, quality of life and memory.In each of the two centers participating in this study either SAH or STL was the neurosurgical standard procedure irrespective of contextual aspects. Thus, with this postoperative assessment of resected patients we sought to avoid any selection bias that usually impaired comparative trials of both surgical approaches. We finally identified and studied 95 adult patients who had undergone either SAH (n=46) or STL (n=49) between 1999 and 2009 and fulfilled the inclusion criteria, namely drug-resistant unilateral mesial TLE with hippocampal sclerosis without any further structural lesions. We assessed the postoperative seizure outcome according to the ILAE criteria and postoperative quality of life by means of standardized questionnaires. Finally, we compared postoperative neuropsychological performance in 60 completely seizure-free patients (n=27 after SAH, n=33 after STL) prior to, one year after surgery and at a long-term follow-up with a mean of seven years.78.2% of SAH and 85.7% of STL were seizure-free at the last observation. Quality of life had improved in 95.6% of the SAH patients and 89.8% of the STL patients. These differences were not statistically significant. Left-sided TLE patients had a significantly worse verbal memory outcome irrespective of the surgical method. However, SAH patients had a significantly better outcome concerning visual encoding, verbal and visual short-term memory and visual working memory.In this study, seizure outcome and quality of life did not differ depending on the surgical approach. However, a more selective resection led to better neuropsychological performances. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Effectiveness of case management strategies in reducing emergency department visits in frequent user patient populations: A systematic review$$$ Background: Case management (CM) is a commonly cited intervention aimed at reducing Emergency Department (ED) utilization by "frequent users," a group of patients that utilize the ED at disproportionately high rates. Studies have investigated the impact of CM on a variety of outcomes in this patient population. Objectives: We sought to examine the evidence of the effectiveness of the CM model in the frequent ED user patient population. We reviewed the available literature focusing on the impact of CM interventions on ED utilization, cost, disposition, and psychosocial variables in frequent ED users. Discussion: Although there was heterogeneity across the 12 studies investigating the impact of CM interventions on frequent users of the ED, the majority of available evidence shows a benefit to CM interventions. Reductions in ED visitation and ED costs are supported with the strongest evidence. Conclusion: CM interventions can improve both clinical and social outcomes among frequent ED users. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Lacosamide as a new treatment option in status epilepticus$$$ Summary Status epilepticus is among the most common neurologic emergencies, with a mortality rate of up to 20%. The most important therapeutic goal is fast, effective, and well-tolerated cessation of status epilepticus. Intravenous phenytoin/fosphenytoin, phenobarbital, or valproate is the current standard treatment after failure of benzodiazepines. Lacosamide as a new antiepileptic drug has been available as an intravenous solution since 2009. To date, PubMed lists 19 studies (10 single case reports and 9 case series), reporting a total of 136 episodes of refractory status epilepticus (50% nonconvulsive status epilepticus, 31% focal status epilepticus, and 19% convulsive status epilepticus) treated with lacosamide. The most often used bolus dose was 200-400 mg over 3-5 min. The overall success rate was 56% (76/136). Adverse events (AEs) were reported in 25% (34/136) of patients: mild sedation in 25 cases, 1 patient with possible angioedema, 2 with allergic skin reaction, 4 with hypotension, and 1 with pruritus. One patient developed a third-degree atrioventricular (AV) block and paroxysmal asystole. Overall, the rate of AEs was low. Current evidence on the use of intravenous lacosamide in acute seizures and status epilepticus is restricted to retrospective case reports and case series (class IV). Further prospective studies to inform clinicians are necessary. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2013 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Burst suppression: A more valid marker of postictal central inhibition?$$$ Objectives: A valid marker to predict seizure adequacy in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is still missing. Postictal suppression has been claimed to correlate with the antidepressive effectiveness of an induced seizure. Postictal suppression index (PSI) is derived from a short time span of electroencephalographic recording at seizure termination, and, alternatively, burst suppression (BS) index is defined as the percentage of suppressed epochs within a predefined time period. Methods: In a retrospective study including 9 patients with a total of 104 recorded ECT sessions, we compared the influence of variables that are known to alter seizure adequacy like age, stimulation dose, electrode position, and the number of the consecutive ECT sessions on both indices, PSI versus BS index. Results: For PSI, electrode positioning turned out to be a significant independent variable, with bilateral placement revealing higher PSI. Electroconvulsive therapy session number was significant for BS index, with lower burst suppression in higher ECT session number. In contrast to PSI, BS index turned out to be a significant covariate of seizure duration. Postictal suppression index and BS index did not show linear but a significant rank correlation. Conclusions: We report first data about postictal BS index in ECT. As a measure of postictal electrical suppression, BS index appears as robust as PSI. Burst suppression index decreases during an individual ECT course, which presumably reflects the anticonvulsive effect of ECT. Less artifact-prone methods of automatic quantification of electrical suppression could improve precise determination of individual seizure adequacy. © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Pharmacological strategies in the prevention of relapse after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: To determine whether starting antidepressant medication at the start of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) reduces post-ECT relapse and to determine whether continuation pharmacotherapy with nortriptyline (NT) and lithium (Li) differs in efficacy or adverse effects from continuation pharmacotherapy with venlafaxine (VEN) and Li. Methods: During an acute ECT phase, 319 patients were randomized to treatment with moderate dosage bilateral ECT or high-dosage right unilateral ECT. They were also randomized to concurrent treatment with placebo, NT, or VEN. Of 181 patients to meet post-ECT remission criteria, 122 (67.4%) participated in a second continuation pharmacotherapy phase. Patients earlier randomized to NT or VEN continued on the antidepressant, whereas patients earlier randomized to placebo were now randomized to NT or VEN. Lithium was added for all patients who were followed until relapse or 6 months. Results: Starting an antidepressant medication at the beginning of the ECT course did not affect the rate or timing of relapse relative to starting pharmacotherapy after ECT completion. The combination of NT and Li did not differ from VEN and Li in any relapse or adverse effect measure. Older age was strongly associated with lower relapse risk, whereas the type of ECT administered in the acute phase and medication resistance were not predictive. Across sites, 50% of the patients relapsed, 33.6% continued in remission 6 months after ECT, and 16.4% dropped out. Conclusions: Starting an antidepressant medication during ECT does not affect relapse, and there are concerns about administering Li during an acute ECT course. Nortriptyline and VEN were equally effective in prolonging remission, although relapse rates after ECT are substantial despite intensive pharmacology. As opposed to the usual abrupt cessation of ECT, the impact of an ECT taper should be evaluated. © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Effect of propofol versus sodium thiopental on electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder: A randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial$$$ Objectives: To compare propofol and sodium thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in major depression with respect to clinical effect. Methods: Participants were composed of 96 patients with depression who were administered either propofol or sodium thiopental as an anesthetic agent for bilateral ECT. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale was administered at baseline and after 6 treatments. Algorithm-based charge dosing was used. Results: There was a statistically significant difference between the groups regarding postintervention Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score. The preintervention mean (SD) scores in the propofol group and the sodium thiopental group were 37.3 (2.2) and 36.7 (1.2), respectively. The postintervention mean (SD) scores in the propofol group and the sodium thiopental group were 10.7 (1.8) and 13.4 (3.3), respectively. No correlation was found between clinical response and age, weight, and body mass index. There was no association between the groups' seizure time and duration of recovery. Conclusions: In conclusion, propofol may improve major depressive disorder more than sodium thiopental in patients who are receiving ECT. © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Antimalarial chemoprophylaxis and the risk of neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ Background: Case reports and epidemiological studies have associated the use of mefloquine with neuropsychiatric adverse events. Methods: We used the General Practice Research Database to conduct a follow-up study with a nested case-control analysis. We assessed the risk of developing first-time anxiety, stress-related disorders/psychosis, depression, epilepsy or peripheral neuropathies in patients using mefloquine, chloroquine and/or proguanil, or atovaquone/proguanil for malaria chemoprophylaxis, as compared to unexposed travelers. Results: Compared to non-users of antimalarials, the adjusted odds ratio in the nested case-control analysis for users of mefloquine, chloroquine and/or proguanil, or atovaquone/proguanil were 0.71 (95% CI 0.56-0.90), 1.04 (95% CI 0.74-1.46), and 0.73 (95% CI 0.61-0.86) for anxiety or stress-related disorders combined, 0.54 (95% CI 0.41-0.71), 1.06 (95% CI 0.71-1.59), and 0.75 (95% CI 0.62-0.91) for depression, 0.69 (95% CI 0.35-1.36), 1.41 (95% CI 0.54-3.67), and 0.75 (95% CI 0.42-1.36) for epilepsy, and 1.22 (95% CI 0.50-2.99), 1.59 (95% CI 0.41-6.15), and 1.05 (95% CI 0.54-2.03) for neuropathies, respectively. The risk of all outcomes was higher in females than in males across all exposure categories. Conclusions: The risk of neuropsychiatric disorders was similar for users and for non-users of anti-malarial chemoprophylaxis, with evidence for elevated risks in some subgroups. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Associations of antiepileptic drugs with anxiety and depressive symptoms in paediatric epilepsy: A pilot study$$$ Purpose: Psychopathology in epilepsy is generally considered either to be caused by the epilepsy (ictal, post-ictal or inter-ictal disorders) or to be a comorbidity [1]. Although it is widely accepted that psychopathological manifestations in a person with epilepsy are multifactorial - even a twoway relationship between epilepsy and psychopathology has been proposed, the role of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) has attracted significant research attention. This has led to the discovery of both beneficial and adverse effects of AEDs on emotion, cognition, and behaviour [2]. Different mechanisms of action have been proposed for the psychotropic effects of AEDs. In particular, the enhancement of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) inhibitory neurotransmission has sedating/ anxiolytic/depressiogenic effects, and blocking glutamate excitatory neurotransmission has activating/anxiogenic/ antidepressive effects [2]. Studies of psychopathology in paediatric epilepsy in relation to AEDs are scarce, especially with respect to specific symptoms such as anxiety and depressive symptoms. The aim of this study was to investigate associations of AEDs with anxiety and depressive symptoms among children with epilepsy. Methods: The present analysis was performed on data from 54 children with epilepsy (mean age 14.06±2.74 years) who had participated in our previous study [3]. Anxiety symptoms were assessed using the Screen for Child Anxiety Related Emotional Disorders (SCARED), while depressive symptoms were assessed using the Mood and Feeling Questionnaire (MFQ). Considering that psychopathology in epilepsy emanates from an interplay between various factors, we created a generalised linear model to evaluate associations of AEDs with anxiety and depressive symptoms while taking into account other major factors as well (i.e., age, type of epilepsy, seizure frequency, and epilepsy duration). Separate models were tested for anxiety and depressive symptoms. Results: Nine children were taking carbamazepine (CBZ), 25 valproate (VPA), 5 lamotrigine (LTG), and 15 were taking two or three AEDs (VPA, LTG, CBZ, oxcarbamazepine, primidone, clobazam, and clonazepam). Age, type of epilepsy, seizure frequency, epilepsy duration, AED, depressive symptoms, and interaction among these variables accounted for 66.9% of the variations in anxiety symptoms (F = 6.99, p<0.0001). The same set of variables, with anxiety instead of depressive symptoms, accounted for 60.7% of the variations in depressive symptoms (F = 5.28, p<0.0001). Only taking two/three AEDs was associated with significantly lowered anxiety symptoms (t = -3.06, p = 0.004), accounting for 18.6% of additional variance. Conclusions: Although it has previously been reported that VPA could be associated with increased depressive symptoms and LTG with increased anxiety symptoms [2], this preliminary study found no association between CBZ, VPA or LTG monotherapy and either type of symptoms among children with epilepsy. However, taking two or three AEDs was associated with significantly lowered anxiety symptoms; this could be an indirect effect of greater sedation by AEDs enhancing GABA inhibitory neurotransmission. Considering that this cross-sectional study included a small number of children, data from prospective studies including more children - especially with newly diagnosed epilepsy - are needed to investigate all associations of AEDs with anxiety and depressive symptoms. ER  - 
Prevalence of autoantibodies to p ribosomal proteins in pediatric-onset systemic lupus erythematosus compared with the adult-onset disease: A multicenter study$$$ Objective: To determine the prevalence and clinical correlation of anti- P ribosomal antibodies in pediatric-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in comparison with the adult-onset SLE. Patients and methods: One-hundred and twenty consecutive patients who meet the American College of Rheumatology revised criteria for SLE were prospectively included in the study. Patients who started their disease before the age of 16 were considered pediatric-onset SLE. Clinical manifestations were collected from the medical records. Serum samples for immunological measurement were centralized in CEMIC laboratory. Measurement of anti-P ribosomal antibodies was determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Anti-SSA/Ro, anti-SSB/La, anti-Sm and anti-nRNP were determined by double-diffusion method. Results: Clinical and serological data of 30 patients with pediatric-onset SLE were compared with data of 90 patients with adult-onset SLE. Mean age at diagnosis was 12 ± 3.56 years for pediatrics and 30 ± 11.46 years for adult SLE patients. Mean age at sampling was 22.9 ± 8.4 years for pediatrics and 39.73 ± 12.37 years for adult patients. Anti- P ribosomal antibodies were found significantly more often in pediatriconset SLE patients [26.7% vs. 6.5%; OR=5.21 (CI 95%: 1.6-16.5, p=0.003)], whereas anti-SSA/Ro antibodies were found more often in adult-onset SLE patients [20.7% vs. 42.4%; OR=0.35 (CI95%: 0.13- 0.96), p=0.01]. Among the clinical manifestations, malar rash [89.7% vs. 68.5%; OR=3.9 (CI95%: 1.11-14.25) p=0.01], photosensitivity [76.7% vs. 55.4%; OR=2.64 (CI 95%: 1.03-6.76), p=0.01], neurological signs/ symptoms [30% vs. 12%; OR=3.15 (CI95%: 1.15-8.6), p=0.01], seizures [23% vs. 7.2%; OR=3.85 (CI95%: 1.12-13.22), p=0.02] and psychosis [24% vs. 7.3%; OR=4.0 (CI95%: 1.15-13.79), p=0.01] occurred significantly more often in pediatric-onset SLE patients. Anti-P ribosomal antibodies were associated only with alopecia in both groups of SLE patients [37.4%; OR=4.1 (CI95%: 1.2-14.23), p=0.009]. Conclusions: Anti-P ribosomal antibodies are more prevalent in pediatric- onset SLE than in adult-onset SLE patients, and are associated with alopecia. Patients with pediatric-onset SLE more often have malar rash, photosensitivity and some neurological manifestations (seizures and psychosis). ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations in juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus (JSLE)$$$ Background: The nervous system affects children and adults with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE); their participation is associated with a worse prognosis and cumulative damage. In pediatric patients the onset and progression of the disease develop neuropsychiatric(NP) manifestations at higher frequencies than adults. The diagnosis of NP SLE is 70% of children, compared with only 28% of adults. Objective: To analyze the prevalence of NP manifestations in JSLE. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study including all patients with jSLE with disease onset before 16 years of age. The NP manifestations were analyzed by reviewing medical records, according to the nomenclature and classification of the American College of Rheumatology (ACR). NP manifestations were considered present when they occurred early in the first six months of disease and evolution, as occurred after this period. Results: We included 71 patients (66 women) with mean age of 18.90 years (SD ± 4.64). At disease onset NP manifestations were present in 49 (69.01%) patients. The most frequently observed events at disease onset were: headache (61.97%), seizures (18.31%), psychosis (7.04%), depression (7.04%), anxiety (4,22%), acute confusional syndrome (1.41%) and movement disorder (chorea) (1.41%). In the follow-up of the disease, NP manifestations were observed in 56 (78.87%) patients. The NP manifestations more frequently observed were headache (59.15%), cognitive impairment (33.81%), anxiety (29.57%), depression (19.71%), seizure (9.85%), psychosis (7.04%), acute confusional syndrome (2.81%), movement disorder (chorea) (1.41%) and polyneuropathy (1.41%). Twelve (16.91%) patients had NP manifestations during the course of the disease and forty-six (64.79%) patients had NP manifestations in both the initiation and evolution (Figure 3). Six (8.45%) patients had recurrent seizures. Conclusion: The neuropsychiatric manifestations are frequently observed in patients with JSLE.Most jSLE patients had recurrent NP manifestations during the course of the disease. ER  - 
Phase II randomized double-blind controlled trial of trigeminal nerve stimulation in 50 subjects with drug resistant epilepsy$$$ Rationale: External Trigeminal Nerve Stimulation (eTNS) is an emerging neuromodulation therapy, with positive results from openlabel trials in drug resistant epilepsy (DRE) and major depressive disorder (MDD). The purpose of this study is to explore the efficacy of eTNS on seizure frequency and mood in patients with DRE using a randomized double-blind active controlled trial (RCT) design, and to examine parameters and procedures in preparation for a phase III multicenter clinical trial. Methods: Randomized double-blind active-control study in DRE. Subjects with two or more complex-partial or tonic-clonic seizures per month entered a 6-week baseline, and then were evaluated at 6, 12 and 18 weeks during the acute treatment period. Subjects were randomized to active treatment (eTNS, 120 Hz) or control (eTNS, 2 Hz). Results: At entry, subjects had highly refractory epilepsy, averaging 8.7 seizures per month in the active treatment group. Subjects randomized to the active treatment group experienced a significant improvement in the responder rate (RR) during the acute treatment period (RR = 40.5% at 18 weeks versus 17.8% at 6 weeks, p=0.01, GEE logistical model). Over the entire 18-week treatment period, the active treatment group experienced a significant reduction in seizure frequency as measured by the RRATIO (p= 0.04, ANOVA). Furthermore, active treatment was associated with an early and significant improvement in mood as measured by the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Conclusions: This phase II trial provides evidence using a RCT design that eTNS may be safe and effective in subjects with DRE. eTNS was associated with significant improvements in responder rate and mood in subjects with DRE. These results will serve as a basis to inform and power a large multicenter phase III clinical trial. The development of a new non-invasive therapy for DRE which significantly improves seizures and mood represents a major advance in the treatment of epilepsy. Trigeminal Nerve Stimulation is an Investigational device. Limited by Federal (or United States) law to investigational use. ER  - 
First seizure clinic: A portal to re-assess terms and reconsider concepts?$$$ Rationale: Most of our knowledge with regard to pathophysiology, etiology and prognosis of epilepsy syndromes comes from advanced stages of epilepsy and cross-sectional studies. A paradigm shift is needed to extend this knowledge to a more dynamic longitudinal approach in early stages of epilepsy. Our First Seizure Clinic (FSC) had a particular interest in terms and classification, pathologies suggested by MRI, and treatment response. Methods: Since May 2008, an Adult FSC at QE II Health Sciences Center, Dalhousie University Halifax has been established with a strict First Seizure Assessment Approach (FSAA): 1) Coordinated by an epileptologist and a nurse practitioner, 2) Careful triaging, 3) maximum wait-time of 2- 4 weeks (often within few days), 4) Comprehensive clinical testing (early routine and sleep-deprived EEG, early MRI, screen for psychiatric comorbidity, social and cognitive issues), 5) Clinical research protocol, 6) Genetic blood sampling, 7) Comprehensive database 8) Follow-up visits 6, 12 and 24 months. Results: 391 new patients were seen from May 2008 to May 2012. 167 (42.7%) patients had to be excluded from the database due to the diagnoses other than first seizure (syncope, psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, cerebrovascular diseases or long-lasting epilepsy). We identified 3 subgroups of all drug-naïve FSC presentations (n=224): 1) Strictly first seizure (FS), n=113, 2), New-onset epilepsy (NOE = > 1 seizure within 1 year), n=85, and 3) Newly-diagnosed epilepsy (NDE = seizure history for more than 1 year), n=26. MRI images (epilepsy protocol) documented “pathologies” in 72% of the FS-, 58% of the NOE, and 82% of the NDE patients. CT showed significantly fewer abnormalities in all 3 groups. White matter hyperintensities (WMH) were found in 25% of the FS, 18% of the NOE, and 20% of the NDE-patients (age range 17-79 years, average 47.7 years). Congenital malformations were found in 8 out of 224 FSC patients (5 FS, 2 NOE, 1 NDE) including focal cortical dysplasia (FCD, n=4), heterotopia (HT, n=2), polymicrogyria (n=1). 87.5% (n=7) stayed seizure-free (n=3 without AED) over a mean follow-up of 93 weeks, n = 3 over follow-up greater > 160 weeks. Disease courses of patients with AED-treated NOE or NDE showed a highly variable pattern of developing pharmacoresistance with regard to primary response, initial seizure-free intervals, and secondary relapse. Conclusions: Our preliminary experience with systematically analyzing FSC patients is very promising. Our classification approach looking into 3 different subgroups of patients diagnosed either with FS only, NOE or NDE suggests new exciting insights. It questions current concepts and terms specifically with regard to “typical time courses” of early pharmacoresistance and epileptogenicity of MRI-proven “pathologies”. The high rate of seizure-free patients with congenital malformations, even without AED, including focal cortical dysplasia puts the current perception of the role of FCDs in advanced stages of refractory focal epilepsy into a totally new perspective. ER  - 
Prevalence and associates of recent suicidal ideation and behavior in treatment-resistant focal epilepsy without recent depression: The asert study$$$ Rationale: While suicidal ideation (SI) and suicidal behavior (SB) have been typically associated with depressive disorders in patients with epilepsy (PWE), these phenomena have been observed in the absence of a mood disorder. Occasionally, SI has been identified in patients with epilepsy without “overt” psychiatric illness, but the frequency of this phenomenon is not known. The purpose of this study is to assess recent SI and SB in treatment-resistant focal seizures without depression and without any identifiable psychiatric disorders. Methods: A mulitcenter, cross-sectional study at 6 epilepsy centers. Inclusion criteria were: 18-70 years; EEG-confirmed focal epilepsy for >2 years; >1 simple partial (with motor component), complex partial/secondarily generalized seizure per month for the past 6 months; currently taking 1-3 AEDs; and failed >2 AEDS, including current therapy. SI and SB were assessed with the Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale. The MINI International Neuropsychiatric Interview assessed current Axis I psychiatric disorders. High risk SI included intent / plan. SB included suicide attempt (SA), interrupted or aborted attempt, preparatory acts/behavior, and non-suicidal selfinjurious behavior. Analyses examined current psychiatric disorders and SI/SB in the absence of recent depression and any psychiatric disorder, according to our findings on the MINI. Results: Among the 204 participants, those with current depression [n = 31 (15.2%)] were more likely to have current SI (51.6% vs 12.7%; p<0.0001), but were not more likely to have current SA (9.7% vs 4.1%; p=0.2). Among the 173 (84.8%) without recent depression, 25 (14.5%) displayed SI and/or SB: 18 (10.4%) had recent SI only, 3 (1.7%) had recent SB only and 4 (2.3%) had both recent SI and SB. Among the 22 subjects with SI, 5 (22.7%) had high risk SI. Among the 7 with SB, 3 (42.9%) attempted suicide, 2 (28.6%) engaged in non-suicidal self-injurious behavior, 1 (14.3%) aborted the SA, and 2 (28.6%) prepared for a SA. Among the 22 subjects with SI without current depression, anxiety was present in 7 (31.8%), eating disorders in 1 (4.6%), and substance abuse with a psychiatric disorder in 3 (13.6%). One of these patients had anxiety and eating disorders. Among the 7 subjects with SB without current depression, anxiety was present in 1(14.3%), and eating disorders in 1 (14.3%). Among the 132 who denied any symptoms of current psychiatric disorder, 11 (8.3%) had SI only, 2 (1.5%) had SB only and 4 (3.0%) had both SI and SB. Conclusions: In patients with treatment-resistant focal epilepsy, the occurrence of SI and SB can be associated not only with depression, but also with anxiety and eating disorders without concurrent depression. In addition, SI and /or SB can be identified in close to 13% of patients with no “apparent” psychiatric disorder. Thus, screening for depression is not sufficient to identify all patients at risk for suicidality. ER  - 
Multi-center treatment trial pilot for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Rationale: Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are often severely disabled, difficult to treat, and are frequently encountered in neurology, psychiatry, and emergency departments. The phenomenology and causes of PNES are well delineated, however, much less is known about effective treatments for PNES. Based on the prior single-center pilot trials suggesting benefit of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for PNES (LaFrance et al, 2009) and a pharmacologic pilot randomized controlled trial (RCT) (LaFrance et al, 2010), this pilot RCT sought to evaluate different treatments for patients with PNES compared to standard medical care (SMC). Methods: 38 patients with video EEG-confirmed lone PNES consented, and 35 completed baseline evaluations and were randomized among three sites to one of four treatment arms: Medication (flexible-dose sertraline) only, CBT only, CBT and Medication combined, or SMC. Seizure frequency, psychosocial and function variables were collected at baseline, and prospectively at week 2, week 8 (midpoint) and week 16 (treatment completion). Within group analyses for each arm were performed on primary (seizure frequency) and secondary outcomes. Results: The CBT arm showed significant seizure reduction (p=0.03), improvement in functioning (p<0.001) and in symptoms scales (p<0.005). The combined arm showed significant improvements in functioning (p<0.01), and seizure improvement approached significance (p=0.06). Medication showed improvement in depression scores (p=0.04) and a trend in improved functioning (p=0.08). SMC showed no significant seizure reduction or improvement in secondary outcomes. Conclusions: This prospective, multi-center, multi-arm, combined treatment pilot RCT for PNES revealed significant seizure reduction and improvements in symptoms and functioning with CBT for PNES. CBT+Medication also demonstrated significant improvements, and medication alone improved depression and approached significance on secondary measures. No improvements occurred in the SMC arm. This study supports the effect of CBT for PNES and demonstrates feasibility for a multi-center fully powered RCT for PNES. ER  - 
Difficulties with recruitment of traumatically brain injured patients for a prospective post-traumatic epilepsy study$$$ Rationale: Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) is a well-known risk factor for post-traumatic epilepsy (PTE), especially among survivors of penetrating head injuries such as gun shot wounds (GSW), assaults, and blast injuries. We sought to enroll new civilian TBI patients into a prospective study designed to predict the onset of PTE through computerized analysis of electroenchalography (EEG) and microRNA biomarkers with a target enrollment of 90 patients. One critical component of a prospective study such as this is a reasonable expectation of enrollment and an understanding as to why a majority of TBI patients are poor study subjects. Methods: This is an ongoing study. We screened all new TBI patients upon admission as a Level 1 trauma to St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center (SJHMC) beginning October 16, 2011. Criteria for enrollment included moderate to severe penetrating or closed head injuries (initial Glasgow Coma Score (GCS) <13), with no previous diagnosis of epilepsy, and not participating in another clinical trial. If the patient was unable to sign for him or herself, families were approached with information about the study and the legally authorized representative was asked to sign for consent. Results: To date (6/15/12) 111 patients who came through SJHMC as a Level 1 trauma patient who had sustained moderate to severe TBI (mean age: 38, GCS at admission: 7.1, mean lowest GCS: 5.7) have been screened for enrollment. Of these, 85 patients were ineligible for study for a variety of reasons; 33 died from their injuries (mean time from injury to death = 6.4 days), 13 lived far from the Phoenix Metropolis and would be unable to return, 10 were not interested, 8 were chronic alcoholics, 7 had a history of seizure disorders, 4 were polysubstance abuse users with suicidal ideologies, and 12 were rejected for other reasons. Of the 26 enrolled, 3 died from their injuries, 5 suffered acute traumatic seizures (but have not yet developed PTE) and 5 were withdrawn. This means only 12.6% of all moderate to severe Level 1 TBI patients are active study participants. Mechanisms of injury were as follow: motor vehicle collision (30), auto vs. pedestrian (20), GSW (14), motorcycle crash (14), assault (11), fall (10), ATV accident (8), and other (4). Alcohol was a factor in 60% of all injuries; 36% of patients were positive for other substances including but not limited to cocaine, marijuana, and opiates, and amphetamines. Conclusions: Prospective clinical studies of PTE after TBI which require long-term follow-up are difficult. Our experience has been that only 1 of 8 such patients (12.6%) could be enrolled and continuously followed over six or more months. This experience should be considered when planning a long term follow-up study of moderate to severe TBI patients with either penetrating or closed head injuries. ER  - 
Cognitive profile of persons with temporal lobe epilepsy and comorbid depression in an urban community$$$ Rationale: Patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) may suffer from significant neuropsychological/neuropsychiatric complications, including cognitive impairment and depression. Depression can affect up to one half of all TLE patients, and is itself associated with cognitive impairment. Thus, patients with TLE and comorbid depression may suffer from a double cognitive burden. The existence and nature of this double burden have been inconsistently reported (Paradiso et al., J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry 2001; 70:180-185; Dulay et al., Epilepsy Behav 2004; 5:522-531; Helmstaedter et al., Epilepsy Behav 2004; 5:696-701). The purpose of this study was to explore the relationship of depression and cognition in TLE in an urban population, where the prevalence of depression is high and potentially more severe than that of previously studied cohorts. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted on 42 adult presurgical patients diagnosed with medically intractable unilateral TLE. Subjects had electrographically confirmed left or right unilateral TLE, had failed treatment with at least 2 anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs), and were 18 years or older. Exclusion criteria included premorbid mental retardation or developmental disorder, comorbid neurodegenerative disease, and poor test effort as confirmed by formal symptom validity assessment. All subjects underwent comprehensive pre-surgical evaluation which included MRI/PET imaging, EEG monitoring, and neuropsychological testing. Cognition was assessed with the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAIS-III or IV) or Wechsler Abbreviated Scale of Intelligence (WASI), and depressive symptoms were assessed with the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II). The BDI-II is a 21-item questionnaire with a total score range of 0 to 63. Scores of 14, 20, and 29 represent thresholds for mild, moderate, and severe depression, respectively. The following variables were evaluated: age, sex, education, lateralization of seizure focus, AED usage, age of onset of epilepsy, and duration of epilepsy. A multivariate linear regression analysis was performed to assess the relationship between BDI score and cognitive scores. Results: Thirty-one patients were included. Mean age was 38.6 (range 18-70), 61% were female, and 55% and 45% had left TLE and right TLE, respectively. Mean Full Scale IQ score was 86.1 (range 65-112), and mean BDI-II score was 14.7 (range 0-38). Seventeen patients were minimally depressed, 4 were mildly depressed, 6 were moderately depressed, and 4 were severely depressed. Regression analyses demonstrated a significant association between depression and cognition (p<0.01), especially in those with left-sided seizure foci. Conclusions: These results suggest that depression increases the cognitive burden experienced by patients with TLE, most profoundly left TLE. Therefore, it is imperative that depression be recognized and treated concurrently with the treatment of epilepsy. ER  - 
Early-onset versus typical childhood absence epilepsy: A retrospective study characterizing a patient cohort$$$ Rationale: Early onset Childhood absence epilepsy (ECAE), before the age of 3 years, has been considered a more heterogenous and often severe condition, compared to the typical presentation between ages 4-10 years. However, recent cohort study found no significant differences in outcome when compared with typical Childhood absence epilepsy. We decided to report our experience when comparing these groups of patients. Methods: This was a retrospective study at the Division of Neurology, Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario. Chart review of patients with an electro-clinical diagnosis of CAE diagnosed between January 2010 and January 2012 were reviewed. Statistical analyses were performed using Chi square and Fisher's Exact tests. Results: 52 patients were diagnosed as having Absence epilepsy. 4 patients (8%) had early-onset and 43 (82%) patients had typical CAE and 5, Juvenile absence epilepsy (JAE). Generalized tonic-clonic were reported in 1 (25%) male patient with early-onset and 5 (11%) classical CAE. The EEG findings were similar in both groups. There were no significant differences in seizure control, anticonvulsant medications between CAE and ECAE groups. Poor seizure control was reported in 1 patient with ECAE and in 4 (10%) patients with CAE. Psychiatric co morbidities occurred in 50% of patients with CAE and in 2 patients with ECAE predominantly ADHD symptoms. 2 Patients with refractory CAE seizures and 1 patient with refractory ECAE were tested for glucose transporter defect type 1 with all 3 patients testing negative Conclusions: We did not observe significant differences with respect to psychiatric co morbidities, seizure control, anticonvulsants used or electroencephalographic findings between early-onset and classical childhood absence epilepsies. ER  - 
Pituitary function and functional outcome in adults after severe traumatic brain injury: The long-term perspective$$$ Post-traumatic hypopituitarism (PTHP) has been linked to disability and decreased quality of life. However, no studies have addressed the long-term consequences of PTHP in adults with severe traumatic brain injury (TBI) only. In this study, we evaluated the relationship between pituitary function, quality of life, and functioning in 51 patients (16-65 years of age) with severe TBI who were admitted to Sahlgrenska University Hospital, Gothenburg from 1999 to 2002. The patients were assessed once, 2-10 years after trauma. Data from the time of injury were collected retrospectively to adjust for injury severity. Outcome measures included hormonal testing, the Short Form-36 Health Survey, the Glasgow Outcome Scale-Extended, and a self-report questionnaire specifically designed for this study and based on the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health. Of 51 patients, 14 (27.5%) presented with PTHP, and 11 (21.6%) had isolated growth hormone deficiency. Patients with PTHP were more often overweight at follow-up (p=0.01); the higher body mass index was partially explained by PTHP (R2 change=0.07, p=0.001). Otherwise no significant correlation was found among PTHP, functioning, or patient-reported quality of life. This study - which is unique in the homogeneity of the patients, the long follow-up time, and the use of injury severity as an outcome predictor - did not confirm results from previous studies linking PTHP to a worse outcome. Therefore, screening for PTHP might be restricted to specific subgroups such as overweight patients, indicating growth hormone deficiency. © 2013, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Bupropion for smoking cessation in patients hospitalized with acute myocardial infarction: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objectives: The purpose of this study was to examine smoking cessation rates among smokers with AMI to determine whether bupropion, started in-hospital, is safe and can improve cessation rates at 1 year. Background: Bupropion doubles quit rates in otherwise healthy smokers and patients with stable cardiovascular disease. Although 2 previous trials examined the use of bupropion in patients hospitalized with acute cardiovascular disease, these studies have been inconclusive with respect to its safety and efficacy in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Methods: We conducted a multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial in smokers hospitalized with AMI. Participants received bupropion or placebo for 9 weeks and were followed for 12 months. Both groups received low-intensity counseling. Point prevalence abstinence was assessed by 7-day recall and biochemical validation of expired carbon monoxide. Results: A total of 392 patients were randomized (mean age 53.9 ± 10.3 years); 83.5% were male; 64.9% had ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction). Patients smoked a mean of 23.2 ± 10.6 cigarettes/day for a mean of 32.9 ± 12.4 years. At 12 months, point prevalence abstinence rates were 37.2% in the bupropion group and 32.0% in the placebo group (p = 0.33; % difference after adjusting for between center differences 3.9%). Continuous abstinence rates were 26.8% and 22.2%, respectively (p = 0.34). Major adverse cardiac event rates were similar (13.0% vs. 11.0%, respectively; p = 0.64). Conclusions: Two-thirds of patients return to smoking by 12 months after AMI. Bupropion is well tolerated and seems to be safe to use in the immediate post-AMI period. However, bupropion is not effective for smoking cessation in patients post-AMI. (Zyban as an Effective Smoking Cessation Aid for Patients Following an Acute Coronary Syndrome: The ZESCA Trial; NCT00689611) © 2013 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
A pilot open-label phase II trial of rituximab for non-criteria manifestations of antiphospholipid syndrome$$$ Objective The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the safety of rituximab in antiphospholipid antibody (aPL)-positive patients with non-criteria manifestations of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS). The secondary objectives were to evaluate the effect of rituximab on the aPL profile and to evaluate the efficacy of rituximab treatment for non-criteria manifestations of APS. Methods In this 12-month, phase II pilot study, adult aPL-positive patients with thrombocytopenia, cardiac valve disease, skin ulcer, aPL nephropathy, and/or cognitive dysfunction received 2 doses of rituximab (1,000 mg) on days 1 and 15. Antiphospholipid antibody profiles and clinical outcome measures, which were categorized as complete response, partial response, no response, or recurrence, were analyzed at preset time points. Results Two of 19 patients experienced infusion reactions, resulting in early termination. Twelve serious adverse events and 49 nonserious adverse events were recorded. All patients who had positive results of lupus anticoagulant, anticardiolipin, and anti-β2-glycoprotein I antibody tests at baseline had positive results at 24 weeks and 52 weeks. The numbers of patients with a complete response, a partial response, no response, and recurrence for the clinical outcome measures at 24 weeks were as follows: for thrombocytopenia, 1, 1, 2, and 0, respectively; for cardiac valve disease, 0, 0, 3, and not analyzed, respectively; for skin ulcer, 3, 1, 0, and 1, respectively; for aPL nephropathy, 0, 1, 0, and 0, respectively; and for cognitive dysfunction, 3, 1, 1, and not analyzed, respectively. Conclusion The results of this uncontrolled and nonrandomized pilot study suggest that the safety of rituximab in aPL-positive patients is consistent with the safety profile of rituximab. Despite causing no substantial change in aPL profiles, rituximab may be effective in controlling some but not all non-criteria manifestations of APS. Copyright © 2013 by the American College of Rheumatology. ER  - 
Long-term safety and efficacy of eslicarbazepine acetate as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures in adults with epilepsy: Results of a 1-year open-label extension study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the long-term safety, tolerability and efficacy of once-daily eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) as adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset seizures. Methods: One-year open-label extension (OLE) study with ESL in patients who completed a randomised, double-blind placebo-controlled trial (study BIA-2093-302; Epilepsy Res. 89 (2010) 278-285). Starting dose was 800. mg once-daily, for 4 weeks; thereafter, dose could be individualised within the 400-1200. mg range. Doses of concomitant antiepileptic drugs were to be kept stable. Results: Overall, 325 patients were enrolled (intent-to-treat population); 223 (68.6%) patients completed 1-year of treatment. ESL median dose was 800. mg once-daily. Compared to the baseline period of the double-blind study completed prior to this OLE study, median seizure frequency decreased by 32% in weeks 1-4, and between 37% and 39% thereafter. The responder rate (seizure reduction ≥50%) was 37% during weeks 1-4 and thereafter ranged between 38% and 42% per 12-week interval. Proportion of seizure-free patients per 12-week interval ranged between 5% and 11%. Improvements from baseline in several Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory-31 (QOLIE-31) and Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores were observed. Adverse events (AEs) were reported by 83% of patients. AEs occurring in ≥10% of patients were dizziness, headache and somnolence. AEs were usually of mild to moderate intensity. Conclusion: In this study, ESL demonstrated a sustained therapeutic effect and was well tolerated during 1-year add-on treatment of adults with partial-onset seizures. Additionally, significant improvements in quality of life domains and depressive symptoms were observed under long-term treatment with once-daily ESL. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Synthetic cannabinoid intoxication: A case series and review$$$ Background: Synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists are becoming increasingly popular with adolescents as an abused substance. Chronic use of these drugs can lead to addiction syndrome and withdrawal symptoms similar to cannabis abuse. Due to their potential health risk, several countries have banned these substances. Objectives: To report the clinical presentation and legislation status of synthetic cannabinoids in "Spice" products and alert the health care community about the identification and risk assessment problems of these compounds. Case Reports: We retrospectively reviewed cases presenting to our Emergency Department (ED) during a 3-month period with chief complaints of Spice drug use before arrival. Six cases presented to our ED after using Spice drugs. Two patients were admitted after reporting seizures. All but one presented with tachycardia. Two patients had hallucinations. The average length of ED observation was 2.8 h. No patient with seizures had recurrent episodes. Conclusion: Spice drugs can cause potentially serious health care conditions that necessitate ED evaluation. Most cases can be discharged from the ED after a period of observation. Legal issues surrounding these drugs are yet to be finalized in the United States. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Inc. Printed in the USA. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Beneficial effect of subsequent lesion procedures after nonresponse to initial cingulotomy for severe, treatment-refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ BACKGROUND: Anterior cingulotomy (AC) can be an effective therapy for patients with severe obsessive-compulsive disorder who are refractory to traditional medical therapy. For patients who do not respond to AC, the benefit of additional lesion procedures vs continued medical management remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether a second lesion procedure is beneficial after unsuccessful initial AC. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, we reviewed the records of 31 patients who were nonresponders to initial AC. Full response was defined as at least a 35% decrease and partial response as a 25% to 34% decrease in Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale scores. Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale change was compared between patients who underwent additional surgery and those treated nonsurgically. In addition, for patients who underwent additional surgery, we compared the benefit of subcaudate tractotomy with repeat AC (extension of the initial lesion) as the second procedure. RESULTS: Nineteen patients underwent a second surgery and 12 patients continued nonsurgical therapy. Fifty-three percent of patients who received additional surgery were full responders and 21% were partial responders at the most recent follow-up compared with 17% full responders and 25% partial responders among those who continued conventional therapy (P = .02). Of the patients who underwent an additional surgery, there were 64% full and 9% partial responders in the subcaudate tractotomy group compared with 38% full and 38% partial responders in the repeat AC group (P = .04). CONCLUSION: Second lesion surgery can be a safe and effective therapy for patients who do not respond to initial AC. Subcaudate tractotomy may confer a higher response rate than repeat cingulotomy. Copyright © 2012 by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons. ER  - 
The longer-term cognitive effects of adjunctive antiepileptic treatment with lacosamide in comparison with lamotrigine and topiramate in a naturalistic outpatient setting$$$ In this retrospective controlled study, the impact of adjunctive lacosamide (LCM) on cognition in patients with epilepsy was evaluated and compared with that of topiramate (TPM) and lamotrigine (LTG) in a naturalistic outpatient setting. Cognition was investigated by means of objective assessment of executive functions (EpiTrack®) and verbal memory and by subjective ratings of self-perceived side effects (cognition, mood, and vegetative). Quality of life was assessed using the QOLIE-10 questionnaire. Patients underwent assessment at baseline and after a median follow-up interval of 32weeks. Forty-four patients were treated with LCM, 11 with LTG, and 15 with TPM. Treatment arms differed with regard to the age at onset of epilepsy (LTG>TPM) and to seizure control from baseline to follow-up, which was best in patients whose seizures were treated with LTG (55% vs. 16% in patients whose seizures were treated with LCM and 13% in patients whose seizures were treated with TPM). Groups did not differ in the type of epilepsy, daily drug load or drug load change, nor in baseline seizure frequency. Repeated measures statistics controlling for epilepsy onset and seizure outcome showed deteriorated executive functions with TPM (F=7.5, p=0.001). On an individual level (reliable change indices), 53% of the patients whose seizures were treated with TPM showed losses in this domain (LCM 14%, LTG 27%) and none of the patients showed improvement (LCM 23%, LTG 27%; χ2=11.8, p=0.019). No differences in memory, quality of life, or mood were noted among patients in the three treatment arms. Subjective cognitive complaints increased in 5 of the 9 patients whose seizures were treated with TPM (LCM 1/9, LTG 0/9; χ2=11.9, p=0.025). The findings of this study demonstrate for the first time that the cognitive side effect profile of LCM is comparable to that of LTG and superior to that of TPM. This is indicated by both subjective and objective measures. Given the naturalistic setting and the retrospective nature of the study, a follow-up prospective, randomized trial with larger sample sizes is required to confirm these findings. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Circulating microparticles in neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Aim: Phosphatidylserine-rich microparticles derived from endothelial cells, platelets and leukocytes have been implicated as surrogate markers of cellular activation in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Because microparticles have also been associated with many primary neurologic diseases, this study investigated whether cellular-derived microparticles are also implicated in neuropsychiatric SLE (NPSLE). Method: Plasma microparticles were measured in 51 SLE patients and 22 age- and gender-matched controls. Acute NPSLE was defined as major NPSLE (acute stroke, transient ischemic attack, psychosis, isolated seizures, major cognitive disorder, or acute confusional state) and NPSLE disease activity was measured with the neurologic components of the SLE Disease Activity Index (Neuro-SLEDAI). Results: Neuro-SLEDAI levels varied widely in SLE patients, consistent with variable NPSLE activity. When considering all patients with SLE, there was no difference in total microparticles relative to matched controls, 2158/μL (interquartile range [IQR] 1214-3463) versus 2782/μL (IQR 1586-2990; P = 0.57) nor differences in microparticles derived from either platelets (P = 0.40), monocytes (P = 0.15) or endothelial cells (P = 0.32). However, levels of circulating monocyte-derived microparticles significantly and independently correlated with NPSLE (r = -0.28; P = 0.045), corticosteroid dosage (r = -0.38; P = 0.006) and levels of circulating C5a (r = 0.54; P < 0.0001). Non-neurologic SLE disease activity was not associated with microparticles. Conclusion: Circulating cell-derived microparticles are reduced in active NPSLE, although the relative contribution of reduced microparticle production, increased consumption or intravascular sequestration, remain uncertain. © 2013 The Authors International Journal of Rheumatic Diseases © 2013 Asia Pacific League of Associations for Rheumatology and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd. ER  - 
The glucocorticoid receptor gene polymorphism N363S predisposes to more severe toxic side effects during pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) therapy$$$ The survival rates in childhood acute lymphoid leukemia (ALL) have improved dramatically; however, patients still suffer from a variety of drug-related toxicities. Individualized therapy regimens promise the least toxic therapy regimen with the best hematologic outcome. Our aim was to investigate whether increased individual glucocorticoid sensitivity due to the N363S polymorphism of the glucocorticoid receptor increased susceptibility to steroid- related toxicities during ALL therapy. A total of 346 pediatric ALL patients were involved in the present study. N363S carrier status was investigated by allele-specific PCR. Clinical and laboratory signs of glucocorticoid-related toxicities, Day 8 prednisone response, and 5-year event-free survival were analyzed and compared retrospectively. Thirty-two of the 346 patients were heterozygous carriers (9.2 %). Hepatotoxicity (31.3 vs. 11.2 %, p = 0.004, carriers and non-carriers, respectively) and glucose metabolism abnormalities (18.8 vs. 3.8 %, p = 0.001, carriers and non-carriers, respectively) were significantly more frequent among carriers. There was no difference in the incidence of hypertension and encephalopathy/ psychosis among carriers and non-carriers. Carriers were also more prone to have a combination of toxicities. All 363S carriers were good prednisone responders (100 %) and had significantly better 5-year event-free survival rates (93.1 vs. 71.86 %, p = 0.012), whereas among non-carriers there were more poor prednisone responders (8.28 %) and worse 5-year event-free survival rates. Patients with the N363S polymorphism in the glucocorticoid receptor are more prone to steroid-related toxicity during ALL therapy and should be monitored more closely. Patients with N363S polymorphism of the glucocorticoid receptor may be appropriate candidates for inclusion in the design of individualized therapies. © The Japanese Society of Hematology 2013. ER  - 
Neurological manifestations predict mortality in thyroid storm$$$ INTRODUCTION: Thyroid storm is an extreme manifestation of thyrotoxicosis which is associated with multiorgan failure and high mortality risk. Due to its rarity, little is known about the spectrum of clinical manifestations and high risk features that may predict worse outcomes. OBJECTIVE: This retrospective study aims to describe the clinical and epidemiological features of patients with thyroid storm admitted to a tertiary institution in Singapore, and to identify specific determinants that predict mortality. METHOD: Subjects admitted to Singapore General Hospital with thyroid storm between 2006 and 2011 were included. Both electronic and written medical records were reviewed, and Burch Wartofsky (BW) scoring system for thyroid storm was applied in each case. Data entry and statistical analyses were performed with SPSS Software for Windows Statistics version 17.0. RESULTS: Twenty eight patients were admitted over the specified 5 year period for thyroid storm. Ages ranged from 24 to 75 years old, with a mean of 47.5 years. There was a slight male preponderance, with a male to female ratio of 1.33:1. Fifteen (53.6%) had past history of hyperthyroidism, and 12 of them were found to be non-compliant with treatment. Twelve patients (42.9%) required invasive ventilatory support. Etiologies of thyrotoxicosis include 25 cases of Graves™ disease (TSH receptor antibody positivity) and 1 case of hyperfunctioning papillary thyroid carcinoma. Mortality rate was 25%. Majority presented with cardiac manifestations (severe tachycardia: 60.7%, atrial fibrillation: 67.8%). Mild to moderate degree of central nervous system (CNS) derangements were present in 28.5% (8 subjects), and none demonstrated severe CNS signs (seizure, coma). Moderate CNS involvement (delirium, psychosis, extreme lethargy) was found to have statistically significant correlation with mortality (P = 0.008) on bivariate analysis. Total BW score, age, free thyroid (T4) hormone level and other systemic involvement (thermoregulatory, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal-hepatic) were not found to be predictive of mortality. CONCLUSION: Thyroid storm is a life threatening condition with a mortality rate of 25% in this study. Patients who presented with neurological manifestations had significantly greater risk of mortality. While further research is required to elucidate the underlying mechanism of CNS dysfunction in thyroid storm, presence of this red flag demands timely and aggressive treatment measures. ER  - 
Reliability of brain CT evaluation by stroke neurologists in telemedicine$$$ Objective: To determine the reliability and therapeutic impact of standardized cerebral CT evaluation and quantification of early ischemic changes (EIC) with the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score (ASPECTS) by stroke neurologists in the Stroke Eastern Saxony Network (SOS-NET), which provides telemedical consultations for patients with acute ischemic stroke. Methods: Two neuroradiologists re-evaluated all CT scans of consecutive SOS-NET patients in 2009 blinded to clinical information providing reference standard. We defined discrepant CT findings as all false-positive or false-negative EIC and brain pathology findings and ASPECTS deviations >1 point. We subsequently discussed the clinical impact of discrepant CT findings unblinded to clinical information. Weighted kappa (kw) statistic was used to determine the interobserver agreement for ASPECTS. Results: Of 582 patients, complete imaging data were available for 536 patients (351 cerebralischemic events, 105 primary intracranial hemorrhages, and 80 stroke mimics). The neuroradiologists detected discrepant CT findings in 43 patients (8.0%) that were rated as clinically relevant in 9 patients (1.7%). Stroke neurologists recommended IV thrombolysis in 8 patients despite extensive EIC (ASPECTS ≤5). One of these patients had symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage. In 1 nonthrombolyzed patient, the stroke neurologist missed subdural hematoma. The interobserver agreement on ASPECTS between stroke neurologists and expert readers was substantial (kw = 0.62; 95% confidence interval 0.54-0.71). Conclusions: Clinically relevant misinterpretation of the CT scans was rare in our acute telestroke service. ASPECTS is a reliable tool to assess the extent of EICby stroke neurologists in telemedicine in real time. Copyright © 2013 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
Assessment of cognitive impairments and seizure characteristics in electroconvulsive therapy with and without sodium valproate in manic patients$$$ Objectives: The aim of the present study was two-fold: (1) to compare, in a controlled double-blind quasi-randomized clinical trial, treatment improvements, treatment outcome, and cognitive impairments in patients suffering from current manic episodes, while treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with and without concurrent sodium valproate therapy, and (2) to compare ECT seizure characteristics in patients with and without concurrent sodium valproate therapy. Methods: A total of 40 inpatients (mean age = 31.80 years, SD = 8.06; 75% males) suffering from bipolar disorders and currently in a manic state took part in the study. They were quasi-randomly assigned either to the target (continuation of sodium valproate administration) or to the control group (discontinuation of sodium valproate administration). All patients underwent bifrontal ECT for at least 6 sessions. Improvements and cognitive impairments were assessed, and seizure characteristics (duration, threshold) were also recorded. Results: Manic episodes improved significantly over time, and irrespective of the group (target vs. control group). Cognitive impairments did not alter over time or between groups. Seizure duration did not change over time or between groups. Seizure threshold did not change over time, but was lower in the target than in the control group. Conclusions: Continuing the administration of sodium valproate neither adversely affects, nor enhances cognitive impairments or seizure duration, but reduces seizure threshold during ECT in patients suffering from manic episodes. Moreover, gender appeared to be more strongly associated with cognitive impairment and seizure activity than treatment approaches in these psychiatric conditions. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Randomized sham controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for the treatment of panic disorder with comorbid major depression$$$ Background: In an open-label trial low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) significantly improved symptoms of panic disorder and major depression. Here we present data of a randomized double-blind study. Methods: Twenty-five patients were assigned 4 weeks of active or sham rTMS to the right DLPFC. rTMS parameters consisted of 1800 stimuli/day, 1-Hz, at 110% of resting motor threshold. Response was defined as a ≥40% decrease on the panic disorder severity scale and a ≥50% decrease on the Hamilton depression rating scale. At the end of the randomized phase, patients were offered the option of receiving open-label rTMS for an additional 4 weeks. Results: Repeated-measures ANOVA revealed significantly better improvement in panic symptoms with active compared with sham rTMS, but no significant difference in depression. At 4 weeks, response rate for panic disorder was 50% with active rTMS and 8% with sham. After 8 weeks of active rTMS, response rate was 67% for panic and 50% for depressive symptoms. Repeated-measure ANOVA showed significant improvements in panic disorder, major depression, clinical global impression, and social adjustment. Clinical improvement was sustained at 6-month follow-up. Limitations: Limitation of this study is the relatively small sample size. Conclusions: Although 4 weeks of rTMS was sufficient to produce a significant effect in panic symptoms, a longer course of treatment resulted in better outcomes for both panic disorder and major depression. These data suggest that inhibitory rTMS to the right DLPFC affects symptoms expression in comorbid anxiety and depression. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00521352. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A retrospective diagnosis of epilepsy in three historical figures: St Paul, Joan of Arc and Socrates$$$ It has been suggested that undiagnosed epilepsy profoundly influenced the lives of several key figures in history. Historical sources recounting strange voices and visions may in fact have been describing manifestations of epileptic seizures rather than more supernatural phenomena. Well-documented accounts of such experiences exist for three individuals in particular: Socrates, St Paul and Joan of Arc. The great philosopher Socrates described a 'daimonion' that would visit him throughout his life. This daimonion may have represented recurrent simple partial seizures, while the peculiar periods of motionlessness for which Socrates was well known may have been the result of co-existing complex partial seizures. St Paul's religious conversion on the Road to Damascus may have followed a temporal lobe seizure which would account for the lights, voices, blindness and even the religious ecstasy he described. Finally, Joan of Arc gave a detailed narrative on the voices she heard from childhood during her Trial of Condemnation. Her auditory hallucinations appear to follow sudden acoustic stimuli in a way reminiscent of idiopathic partial epilepsy with auditory features. By analysing passages from historical texts, it is possible to argue that Socrates, St Paul and Joan of Arc each had epilepsy. © The Author(s) 2013. ER  - 
Preoperative depressive symptoms are not predictors of postoperative seizure control in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis$$$ Retrospective data analysis was performed in a sample of 45 consecutive patients who underwent epilepsy surgery for medically refractory mTLE-HS. Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) was used preoperatively to detect actual depressive symptoms and label patients into those "with depressive symptoms" or "without depressive symptoms". Postoperative seizure outcome one, two, and three years after surgery was classified into "complete seizure freedom" versus "presence of auras and/or seizures". Postoperative seizure outcomes were compared in patients with and without depressive symptoms, and no significant difference of postoperative seizure outcome was found. However, there was a non-significant trend for patients with preoperative depressive symptoms to experience a postoperative running down phenomenon more frequently than nondepressed patients. Depressive symptoms, identified by the BDI, do not seem to have a predictive value for postoperative seizure outcome in this highly selected patient population with mTLE-HS, but may be positive predictors for experiencing a postoperative running down phenomenon. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Predictors of outcome in refractory status epilepticus$$$ Objective: To further characterize the demographics, outcomes, and prognostic factors for refractory status epilepticus (RSE). Design: Retrospective analysis of all the episodes of RSE treated between January 1, 1999, and August 30, 2011. Setting: Neurointensive care unit within a tertiary referral center, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota. Patients: Refractory status epilepticus was defined as generalized convulsive or nonconvulsive status epilepticus (SE) that continued despite initial first- and secondline therapies. Exclusion criteria were aged younger than 18 years, anoxic/myoclonic SE, psychogenic SE, simple partial SE, and absence SE. Main Outcome Measures: Functional outcome was defined by modified Rankin scale (mRS) dichotomized into good (mRS, 0-3) and poor (mRS, 4-6). Functional decline was defined as a change in mRS greater than 1 from hospital admission to discharge. Results: We identified 63 consecutive episodes of non- anoxic RSE in 54 patients. Anesthetic agents were used in 55 episodes (87.30%), and duration of drug-induced coma was (mean [SD]) 11.0 (17.9) days. In-hospital mortality was 31.75% (20 of 63 episodes). Poor functional outcome at discharge occurred in 48 of 63 episodes (76.19%). Hospital length of stay was (mean [SD]) 27.7 (37.3) days. Duration of drug-induced coma (P=.03), arrhythmias requiring intervention (P=.01), and pneumonia (P=.01) were associated with poor functional outcome. Prolonged mechanical ventilation was associated with mortality (P=.04). Seizure control without suppression- burst or isoelectric electroencephalogram predicted good functional recovery (P=.01). Age, history of epilepsy, previous SE, type of SE, and anesthetic drug used were not associated with functional outcome. Conclusions: Three-quarters of patients with RSE have a poor outcome. Achieving control of the SE without requiring prolonged drug-inducedcomaorsevere electroencephalographic suppression portends better prognosis. © 2013 American Medical Association. ER  - 
Fulminant variants of multiple sclerosis: Local experience at shifa international hospital, Islamabad, Pakistan$$$ Objective: To report a series of patients with fulminant variants of multiple sclerosis (MS) based on their clinical and radiological features Methodology: This retrospective study consists of series of four patients with fulminant variants of MS seen between January 2008 and February 2011 at Shifa International Hospital, Islamabad, Pakistan. Results: Out of Four patients, three were females, with mean age of 27 (range 13-40) years. Onset was acute with significant progression over 2 weeks in all cases. Presenting symptoms were hemiparesis and speech difficulty in all patients, 3 had visual impairment, and 2 had headache. CSF pleocytosis and raised CSF protein was seen in 3 patients. Visual evoked potentials were abnormal in one patient. Based on the characteristic MRI findings, 3 patients were diagnosed as Balo's concentric sclerosis and one patient with Marburg's variant of MS. All patients were initially treated with intravenous methylprednisolone followed by immunomodulatory therapy. Two patients received intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG) and mitoxantrone, one received IVIG only and one received mitoxantrone only. On follow up, all 4 patients had shown marked improvement with independence in activities of daily living. Conclusion: Aggressive treatment with IVIG and mitoxantrone resulted in significant improvement in this small case series. Early and aggressive immunosuppression should be considered in patients with fulminant variants of MS. ER  - 
Pitolisant hydrochloride: Histamine H3 receptor inverse agonist treatment of sleep disorders treatment of schizophrenia$$$ Histamine H3 receptors are expressed throughout the central and peripheral nervous system. They control the release of histamine and other neurotransmitters such as acetylcholine, noradrenaline, dopamine and serotonin. Histamine H3 receptors play an important role in several diseases, including cognitive impairment, epilepsy, neuropathic pain and sleep disorders. Pitolisant hydrochloride (tripolisant hydrochloride, BF2.649) is a novel, potent and selective histamine H3 receptor inverse agonist. It has been granted orphan drug status for the therapeutic treatment of narcolepsy by the EMA and the FDA. It is currently undergoing phase III clinical studies for the treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness in narcolepsy, Parkinson's disease and obstructive sleep apnea, as well as cognitive impairment in schizophrenia. This review discusses the pharmacology, safety and preclinical results, and presents the clinical trial currently running with pitolisant hydrochloride focusing on its potential use. Copyright © 2013 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Impact of an electronic cigarette on smoking reduction and cessation in schizophrenic smokers: A prospective 12-month pilot study$$$ Background: Cigarette smoking is a tough addiction to break. This dependence is the most common dual diagnosis for individuals with schizophrenia. Currently three effective drugs are approved for smoking cessation: nicotine replacement therapy (NRT), varenicline and bupropion. However, some serious side effects of varenicline have been reported, including depression, suicidal thoughts, and suicide. The use of bupropion also has side effects. It should not be used by people who have epilepsy or any condition that lowers the seizure threshold, nor by people who take a specific class of drugs called monoamine oxidase inhibitors. Hence, there are pharmacodynamic reason to believe they could precipitate or exacerbate psychosis. For its capacity to deliver nicotine and provide a coping mechanism for conditioned smoking cues by replacing some of the rituals associated with smoking gestures, electronic-cigarettes may reduce nicotine withdrawal symptoms without serious side effects. Our recent work with ECs in healthy smokers not intending to quit consistently show surprisingly high success rates. We hypothesised that these positive findings could be replicated in difficult patients with schizophrenia This tool may help smokers with schizophrenia remain abstinent during their quitting attempts or to reduce cigarette consumption. Efficacy and safety of these devices in long-term smoking cessation and/or smoking reduction studies have never been investigated for this special population. Methods: In this study we monitored possible modifications in smoking habits of smokers (not intending to quit) with schizophrenia experimenting with the "Categoria" e-Cigarette with a focus on smoking reduction and smoking abstinence. Study participants were invited to attend six study visits: at baseline, week-4, week-8, week-12 week-24 and week 52. Product use, number of cigarettes smoked, carbon monoxide in exhaled breath (eCO) and positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia levels were measured at each visit. Smoking reduction and abstinence rates were calculated. Adverse events were also reviewed. Results: Sustained 50% reduction in the number of cig/day at week-52 was shown in 7/14 (50%) participants; their median of 30 cig/day decreasing significantly to cig/day (p = 0.018). Sustained smoking abstinence at week-52 was observed in 2/14 (14.3%) participants. Combined sustained 50% reduction and smoking abstinence was shown in 9/14 (64.3%) participants. Nausea was observed in 2/14 (14.4%) of participants, throat irritation in 2/14 (14.4%) of participants, headache in 2/14 (14.4%) of participants, and dry cough in 4/14 (28.6%) of participants. However, these adverse events diminished substantially by week-24. Overall, one to two cartridges/day were used throughout the study. Positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia are not increased after smoking reduction/cessation in patients using e-cigarettes. Conclusions: We have shown for the first time that the use of e-cigarette substantially decreased cigarette consumption without causing significant side effects in chronic schizophrenic patients who smoke not intending to quit. This was achieved without negative impacts on the symptoms of schizophrenia as assessed by SAPS and SANS symptoms scales. © 2013 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. ER  - 
Experience of acute systemic lupus erythematosus in indoor and outdoor patients$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to determine spectrum of clinical and Laboratory diagnosis of Systemic lupus erythematosus at tertiary care unit. Study Design: Descriptive type, (cross sectional). Place and Duration of Study: This study was conducted at the Department of General medicine and Paediatric Medicine in indoor and outpatients CMC, Shaheed Muhatarma Benazir Bhutto University Medical Larkana from February 2010 to February 2012. Materials and Methods: We studied prospectively 44 patients with SLE who were seen consecutively either as inpatients or outpatients. All were met the American College of Rheumatology (formerly American Rheumatism Association, ARA) revised criteria for SLE and underwent medical interview as well as routine general physical examination by a researcher, and the laboratory investigations were carried out from single laboratory of Larkana, all these characteristics features of patients were collected in a protocol form. These investigations were includes the CBC, serology for ANA, anti dsDNA and urine for protienuria. X-ray chest and echocardiography was also done for pleural and pericardial effusion. Results: Forty-four patients fulfilled the ACR criteria for SLE, most common presentation were cutaneous 30 (68.2%) cases, mucocutaneous ulceration 26 (59.1%), Fever 26 cases (59.1%), pallor 47 (67.14), cough 34(48.57%), swelling of body 12(17.14%), headache in 10 (22.7%) and Major physical signs were arthritis and arthralgia 30 (68.2%), Hepatosplenomegaly 20 (45.5%), generalized lymphadenopathy 12(27.3%), pleural effusion 08 (18.2%)and 02 (4.5%)patients had pericardial effusion, Raynaud's phenomenon 10 (22.7%), while direct comb test, ANA, anti dsDNA antibodies were found to be positive in 10 (22.7%), 42 (95.5%), 34(77.3%) cases respectively. Conclusion: Most patients presented almost universally with fever and arthralgias or arthritis in combination with malar rash or oral ulcers and in some patients a combination of all of the above was observed. A combination of positive anti nuclear antibody test, increased ESR and proteinuria were found to be a sensitive and cost effective set of laboratory findings for the diagnosis of patients suffering from SLE. The set of these clinical and laboratory features would help in the correct and early diagnosis of patients suffering from SLE, a relatively rare disease, in the busy medical outpatient and inpatient departments in our set up. ER  - 
Evaluation of awake electroencephalography findings in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder before psychostimulant treatment$$$ Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is one of the most common neuropsychiatric disorders in childhood. Electroencephalographic abnormalities may be observed but it is controversial to perform electroencephalography before starting the treatment. Awake electroencephalography findings, demographic and psychometric variables of patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder treated between January 2005 and December 2010 were retrospectively evaluated. The study included 386 patients aged 4-18 (mean 9.61±3.04) years, who were diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder according to the DSM-IV-TR (2000) diagnostic criteria. Epileptiform electroencephalography pattern was observed in 22/386 (5.7%) patients. Seven of 386 (1.8%) patients had a history of epilepsy diagnosis and antiepileptic medication. When patients with seizure history (with or without epilepsy diagnosis) and those with epileptic abnormalities on electroencephalography were excluded, the incidence of epileptiform abnormalities in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder patients was 12/386 (3.1%). After psychostimulant medication, epileptic seizures occurred in only three patients with epilepsy. The prevalence rate of epileptiform discharges on awake electroencephalography, observed in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder patients before psychostimulant treatment is similar to that in healthy schoolchildren. Since the seizures increased only in epileptic patients, we do not recommend routine awake electroencephalography evaluation in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder before psychostimulant medication. ER  - 
Post-encephalitic syndrome in children with tick-borne encephalitis$$$ Tick-borne encephalitis is predominantly a disease with a milder clinical course in children, but in a small number of patients it may cause some severe and permanent sequels. The aim of this study was to investigate the prevalence and clinical characteristics of post-encephalitic syndrome in children with tick-borne encephalitis. The study was based on data obtained from longitudinal clinical monitoring of 112 children with tick-borne encephalitis aged 2-14 years, treated during the 1979-2011 period. In clinical monitoring, qualitative assessment of the post-encephalitic syndrome effect on everyday life habits and activities of patients was used. Clinical signs and symptoms of post-encephalitic syndrome were recorded in 35 (31.2%) patients, significantly more common among schoolchildren (38%) than preschool children (13%) (p>0.05). Post-encephalitic syndrome most frequently manifested as headache (74%), ataxia (34%), as well as movement disorder (including tremor) and dizziness (28%). Memory, attention and concentration disorders were present in 26% of patients, emotional disturbances (irritability) in 23%, and behavioral changes (aggression and "strange behavior") in 11% of patients. Mild or transient post-encephalitic syndrome was recorded in 60%, moderately severe in 31%, and severe with permanent sequels in 9% of patients (3% of all patients with tick-borne encephalitis, with hearing loss in two and hemiparesis and epileptic seizure in one patient each). Post-encephalitic syndrome lasted for one to three months for up to more than ten years. In conclusion, this study undoubtedly proved the presence of post-encephalitic syndrome in study children with tick-borne encephalitis. ER  - 
Effectiveness and safety of sodium oxybate in narcolepsy-cataplexy syndrome$$$ Background Narcolepsy is a chronic neurological disease characterised by excessive daytime somnolence, cataplexy, hypnagogic or hypnopompic hallucinations, sleep paralysis and fragmented night-time sleep. The most severe symptom is cataplexy. Because no cure for narcolepsy-cataplexy syndrome is currently available, the aim of treatment is to control symptoms by combining non-pharmacological treatment (sleep hygiene and short scheduled naps at times of greater somnolence) with pharmacological treatments. Objective To determine the effectiveness and safety of sodium oxybate in adults with narcolepsy-cataplexy syndrome. Methods A retrospective study was conducted in all adult patients diagnosed with narcolepsy-cataplexy syndrome and treated with sodium oxybate in a tertiary hospital during a 4-year period by reviewing medical records, pharmaceutical follow-up and physicians' reports. Results All patients showed a major reduction in the number of seizures per week at an effective dose of 6-9 g, from a mean of 8.19 before treatment to a mean of 2.32 after treatment, although the significance was only borderline due to the small sample size. Remaining symptoms were also successfully controlled by the treatment. Adverse effects included nausea, dizziness, headaches, anxiety and depression. An association was found between development of the disease and the presence of allele DQB1*0602. Conclusions Sodium oxybate in doses of 6-9 g/night can be considered an effective and safe drug for the treatment of adult patients with narcolepsy-cataplexy syndrome. ER  - 
Comparison of efficacy between buprenorphine and tramadol in the detoxification of opioid (heroin)-dependent subjects$$$ Aim/background: Tramadol is a synthetic opiate and a centrally acting weak μ-opioid receptor agonist. The potential advantages of tramadol include ease of administration, low abuse potential, and being nonscheduled. This study compared tramadol and buprenorphine for controlling withdrawal symptoms in patients with opioid dependence syndrome. Methods: Consenting male subjects between 20 and 45 years of age who fulfilled the ICD-10-DCR criteria for opiate dependence syndrome were randomly assigned in a double-blind, double-dummy placebo-controlled trial for detoxification. Those with multiple drug dependence, abnormal cardiac, renal and hepatic functions, psychosis, or organic mental illness were excluded. Assessments included Subjective Opiate Withdrawal Scale (SOWS), Objective Opiate Withdrawal Scale (OOWS), Visual Analog Scale (VAS), and Side Effect Check List. Subjects were evaluated daily and study duration was 10 days. Results: Sixty two subjects were enrolled. The mean SOWS and OOWS and VAS were significantly lower in the buprenorphine group on second and third day of detoxification as compared to the tramadol group. Although the retention rate was higher for buprenorphine group throughout the study, when compared with tramadol the difference was not significant on any day. Three subjects in the tramadol group had seizures. Conclusions: Tramadol was found to have limited detoxification efficacy in moderate to severe opioid withdrawal and substantial risk of seizures as compared to buprenorphine. Further studies are warranted to examine its efficacy in mild opioid withdrawal symptoms and its potential use in outpatient settings where its administration advantages may be valuable. © 2013 Journal of Opioid Management, All Rights Reserved. ER  - 
Psychiatric morbidity patterns in referred inpatients of other specialties$$$ Introduction: Consultation-liaison psychiatry is an upcoming field dealing with interdepartmental collaboration heading into multidisciplinary and holistic care. In general hospital setting, psychiatrists need to be involved in evaluation of patients referred from other specialties. This study analyzed the psychiatric morbidity among the inpatients referred to Psychiatry Department from different wards in a Tertiary care University Teaching Hospital. Methods: Total 385 subjects were referred to the Department of Psychiatry from different wards during a period of one year. Each of them underwent a detailed psychiatric evaluation by a consultant psychiatrist once they were medically stable. Psychiatric diagnosis was considered as per International Classification of Disease-10 criteria. results: The mean age of the subjects evaluated was 37.26 (±1.86); most of them were females 216 (56.4%), married 287 (74.5%), and homemaker 159 (41.3%). Maximum 271 (70.4%) referral was from Medical ward, and most of them 292 (75.8%) were admitted in general bed. The most common medical diagnosis was self-poisoning 115 (30.6%) followed by alcoholic liver disease 49 (12.7%); while the commonest 123 (31.9%) psychiatric diagnosis was depression (including Dysthymia and Adjustment disorder). Depression remained the commonest diagnosis among those referred from medical ward 131 (34.7%); while anxiety was mostly found in the emergency referral 94 (24.5%). Significant Correlation (P <0.05) was seen between the source of referral and Psychiatric diagnosis. Conclusions: Psychiatric consultation was sought mostly by medical ward that had maximum number of patients presenting with self-poisoning. The commonest diagnosis seen in the referred in-patients was depression and anxiety disorder. ER  - 
Bupropion for overweight women with binge-eating disorder: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Binge-eating disorder (BED) is defined by recurrent binge eating (eating unusually large quantities of food during which a subjective loss of control is experienced), marked distress about the binge eating, and the absence of inappropriate weight compensatory behaviors. BED is strongly associated with excess weight, and many available psychological and pharmacologic approaches fail to produce much weight loss. The objective of this study was to perform a randomized placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the short-term efficacy of bupropion for the treatment of BED in overweight and obese women. Method: Sixty-one overweight and obese (mean body mass index [BMI] = 35.8) women who met DSM-IV-TR research criteria for BED were randomly assigned to receive bupropion (300 mg/d) or placebo for 8 weeks. Participants were enrolled from November 2006 to December 2010. No dietary or lifestyle intervention was given. Primary outcome measures were binge-eating frequency and percent BMI loss. Secondary outcome measures were dimensional measures of eating disorder psychopathology, food craving, and depression levels. Results: Eighty-nine percent (n = 54) of randomized participants completed the trial, without differential dropout between the bupropion and placebo groups. Mixed-effects analyses revealed significant time effects for all outcomes but no significant differences between bupropion and placebo on any outcome measure except for weight loss. Participants taking bupropion lost significantly more weight (1.8% vs 0.6% BMI loss; F = 10.57, P = .002). Conclusions: Bupropion was well tolerated and produced significantly greater-albeit quite modest-short-term weight loss in overweight and obese women with BED. Bupropion did not improve binge eating, food craving, or associated eating disorder features or depression relative to placebo. Our findings do not support bupropion as a stand-alone treatment for BED. The preliminary findings regarding short-term weight losses suggest the need for larger and longer-term trials to evaluate the potential utility of bupropion for enhancing outcomes of psychological interventions that have demonstrated effectiveness for BED but fail to produce weight loss. © Copyright 2013 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Prospective, open-label trial measuring satisfaction and convenience of two formulations of lamotrigine in subjects with mood disorders$$$ Background: Lamotrigine is an anticonvulsant drug indicated for the maintenance treatment of bipolar I disorder and for various types of epilepsy. An orally disintegrating tablet (ODT) of lamotrigine was developed to provide a formulation option that might increase patient convenience and satisfaction. Methods: Subjects with mood disorders who reported difficulty swallowing currently prescribed lamotrigine immediate-release medication (baseline) were enrolled and treated with lamotrigine ODT for three weeks (end of treatment). Subject satisfaction and convenience were measured using the Treatment Satisfaction Questionnaire for Medication (TSQM). Also measured were global psychopathology using the Clinical Global Impression severity index (CGI-S) and depressive symptoms using the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II). Results: Lamotrigine ODT was found to be significantly more convenient to use than lamotrigine immediate-release (change in baseline TSQM convenience score: 23.3, n = 97, P < 0.001). The mean TSQM global satisfaction score was similar at baseline (76.3) and after treatment with lamotrigine ODT (76.0). There were no significant changes on CGI-S and BDI-II. Conclusion: Subjects reported that lamotrigine ODT was significantly more convenient than lamotrigine immediate-release, while both formulations were associated with good satisfaction. Lamotrigine ODT may be a treatment option for patients who have difficulty swallowing medication. © 2013 Sajatovic et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Clinicopathologic study of alzheimer's disease: Alzheimer mimics$$$ A definite diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease (AD) can only be made at autopsy. Even at expert research centers, diagnostic accuracy is relatively low. We conducted this study to examine the accuracy of clinical diagnosis of AD and present a list of clinical and neuropsychological findings that could render the clinical diagnosis difficult. Using the National Alzheimer's Coordinating Center database, the records of 533 patients who had been diagnosed clinically with AD, and later underwent autopsy, were reviewed retrospectively. Since the pathologic results of 119 subjects did not meet the criteria for definite AD, we labeled them as Alzheimer 'mimics'. The neuropathological diagnoses of Alzheimer mimics consisted of dementia with Lewy bodies (n = 35, 29%), insufficient AD (n = 22, 18%), vascular disease (n = 15, 13%), frontotemporal lobar degeneration (n = 14, 12%), and hippocampal sclerosis (n = 10, 8%). History of pacemaker insertion (10.92% versus 4.11%, p = 0.005), congestive heart failure (13.45% versus 6.04%, p = 0.007), hypertension (56.30% versus 47.83%, p = 0.037), and resting tremor (14.29% versus 10.87%, p = 0.170) was more prevalent in Alzheimer mimics. Clinical Dementia Rating score and frequency of Neuropsychiatric Inventory Questionnaire items reflecting delusions, agitation, depression, and motor disturbance were more severe in confirmed AD. In addition to Mini-Mental State Examination (16.97 ± 8.29 versus 12.74 ± 15.26, p < 0.001), Logical Memory, Animal Fluency, Boston Naming Test, and Digit Span scores showed more severe impairment in confirmed AD. Continuing systematic comparisons of the current criteria for the clinical and pathological dementia diagnoses are essential to clinical practice and research, and may also lead to further improvement of the diagnostic procedure. © 2013 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Medical comorbidities in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES) referred for video-EEG monitoring$$$ Differentiating between psychogenic nonepileptic spells (PNES) and epileptic seizures without video-EEG monitoring is difficult. The presence of specific medical comorbidities may discriminate the two, helping physicians suspect PNES over epilepsy earlier. A retrospective analysis comparing the medical comorbidities of patients with PNES with those of patients with epilepsy was performed in 280 patients diagnosed with either PNES (N=158, 74.7% females) or epilepsy (N=122, 46.7% females) in the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center over a two-year period. Patients with PNES, compared to those with epilepsy, were mostly female, significantly more likely to have a history of abuse, had more functional somatic syndromes (fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, chronic pain syndrome, tension headaches, and irritable bowel syndrome), and had more medical illnesses that are chronic with intermittent attacks (migraines, asthma, and GERD). The presence of at least of one these disorders may lead physicians to suspect PNES over epilepsy and expedite appropriate referral for video-EEG monitoring for diagnosis. © 2013. ER  - 
Epidemiology, co-morbidities, and medication use of patients with alzheimer's disease or vascular dementia in the UK$$$ Epidemiologic studies on age-specific incidence rates (IRs) separating Alzheimer's disease (AD) and vascular dementia (VaD) in the UK are scarce. We sought to assess IRs of AD and VaD in the UK and to compare co-morbidities and medication use between patients with AD, VaD, or without dementia. We identified cases aged ≥65 years with an incident diagnosis of AD or VaD between 1998 and 2008 using the General Practice Research Database (GPRD). We assessed IRs, stratified by age and gender, matched one dementia-free control patient to each demented patient, and analyzed co-morbidities and medication use. We identified 7,086 AD and 4,438 VaD cases. Overall, the IR of AD was 1.59/1,000 person-years (py) (95% CI 1.55-1.62) and the IR of VaD 0.99/1,000 py (95% CI 0.96-1.02). For AD, IRs were higher for women than for men, but not for VaD. Except for orthostatic hypotension, the prevalence of all cardiovascular (CV) co-morbidities and exposure to CV drugs was lower in patients with AD than in corresponding controls, whereas the opposite was true for VaD. The lower prevalence of CV diseases in patients with AD may be a true finding or the result of a channeling effect, i.e., the possibility that demented patients with CV diseases may be more likely diagnosed with VaD than AD. © 2013 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation in patients with migraine$$$ Introduction. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) has been approved for the treatment of refractory epilepsy when resective surgery is not possible, and has proved to be highly effective. Series published in the literature suggest a beneficial effect of VNS in the treatment of migraine. Aims. To determine the degree to which headaches improve in patients with migraine after the placement of VNS to treat refractory epilepsy, and to evaluate what variables are associated with an increased chance of success with this measure. Patients and methods. An observation-based retrospective study was conducted from 1st January 1999 until 31st December 2010. Patients with VNS for refractory epilepsy were contacted by telephone, after selecting those who fulfilled International Headache Society criteria for migraine. Data collected included age, gender, year of placement, age at onset of epilepsy and migraine, improvement of seizures and migraine, presence of migraine with aura and coexistence of anxious-depressive syndrome. Ninety-four patients with VNS were contacted and 13 patients with migraine were selected. Results. Following placement of the VNS, the number of episodes of migraine was seen to decrease by at least 50% in nine patients (69%) (p = 0.004) and there was a drop in the number of episodes of migraine in those patients who had also reduced their epileptic seizures (p = 0.012). No statistically significant associations were observed as regards sex, age, length of disease history, existence of migraine with aura or coexistence of anxious-depressive syndrome. Conclusions. VNS could have beneficial effects for patients with migraine, especially in cases that are difficult to control. Due to the type of study, these conclusions must be taken with caution. Prospective clinical studies are needed before introducing the technique into daily clinical practice. ER  - 
Emotional distress among people with epilepsy in Kaduna, Northern Nigeria$$$ Background: Epilepsy is associated with significant psychiatric morbidities. However, little is known about epilepsy and emotional distress in northern Nigeria. Aim: To assess the prevalence and determinants of emotional distress among people with epilepsy (PWE) in Kaduna, northern Nigeria. Settings and Design: This cross-sectional study was conducted between January, 2011 and June, 2011. Materials and Methods: We administered the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale as well as the Oslo 3-Items Social Support Scale to 209 consecutive PWE of at least 1 year duration attending the outpatient clinic of Federal Neuropsychiatric Hospital, Kaduna in order to measure their levels of anxiety and depression, and social support. The socio-demographic and clinical characteristics of the subjects were also recorded. Results: The 209 subjects consisted of 123 (58.7%) males and 86 (41.3%) females with mean age of 28.7 (SD, 12.1) years. Majority have strong social support (56.3%) and less than 6 months seizure-free periods (82.3%). The prevalence of anxiety and depressive symptoms were 20.2% and 15.4% respectively. Older age, being a female, poor social support and short seizure-free periods were significantly associated with emotional distress (P value < 0.05) while female sex (OR = 2.201, P value = 0.024, 95% CI = 1.108 - 4.373) and poor support (OR = 0.361, P value = 0.024, 95% CI = 0.149 - 0.875) predicted anxiety and depressive symptoms respectively. Conclusion: Emotional distress is quite common among PWE and should be taken into consideration in the management of patients with this disorder. ER  - 
Fatigue in patients with epilepsy and its association with depression and sleep quality$$$ Objective: It was to evaluate the relationships between fatigue and excessive daytime sleepiness, sleep quality, depression and anxiety. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study on 98 unselected adult patients with epilepsy (PWE) at a tertiary center. It used clinicalsociodemographic characteristics, fatigue measured by the SF-36 vitality subscale (VsSF-36) and the Epworth Sleepiness Scale, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index and Beck Depression and Anxiety Inventories. Results: We observed that our patients presented vitality or fatigue similar to drivers with chronic headaches evaluated in the same city. Fatigue was related to depression, anxiety and sleep quality, but not to daytime sleepiness. A multiple linear regression analysis was conducted and we observed that fatigue was independently correlated with depression and quality of sleep. However, no significant difference was observed regarding seizure frequency or number of antiepileptic drugs. Conclusion: Fatigue needs to be studied more in PWE, and its risk factors need to be controlled, along with sleep quality and psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Faciobrachial dystonic seizures: The influence of immunotherapy on seizure control and prevention of cognitive impairment in a broadening phenotype$$$ Voltage-gated potassium channel complex antibodies, particularly those directed against leucine-rich glioma inactivated 1, are associated with a common form of limbic encephalitis that presents with cognitive impairment and seizures. Faciobrachial dystonic seizures have recently been reported as immunotherapy-responsive, brief, frequent events that often predate the cognitive impairment associated with this limbic encephalitis. However, these observations were made from a retrospective study without serial cognitive assessments. Here, we undertook the first prospective study of faciobrachial dystonic seizures with serial assessments of seizure frequencies, cognition and antibodies in 10 cases identified over 20 months. We hypothesized that (i) faciobrachial dystonic seizures would show a differential response to anti-epileptic drugs and immunotherapy; and that (ii) effective treatment of faciobrachial dystonic seizures would accelerate recovery and prevent the development of cognitive impairment. The 10 cases expand both the known age at onset (28 to 92 years, median 68) and clinical features, with events of longer duration, simultaneously bilateral events, prominent automatisms, sensory aura, and post-ictal fear and speech arrest. Ictal epileptiform electroencephalographic changes were present in three cases. All 10 cases were positive for voltage-gated potassium channel-complex antibodies (346-4515 pM): nine showed specificity for leucine-rich glioma inactivated 1. Seven cases had normal clinical magnetic resonance imaging, and the cerebrospinal fluid examination was unremarkable in all seven tested. Faciobrachial dystonic seizures were controlled more effectively with immunotherapy than anti-epileptic drugs (P = 0.006). Strikingly, in the nine cases who remained anti-epileptic drug refractory for a median of 30 days (range 11-200), the addition of corticosteroids was associated with cessation of faciobrachial dystonic seizures within 1 week in three and within 2 months in six cases. Voltage-gated potassium channel-complex antibodies persisted in the four cases with relapses of faciobrachial dystonic seizures during corticosteroid withdrawal. Time to recovery of baseline function was positively correlated with time to immunotherapy (r = 0.74; P = 0.03) but not time to anti-epileptic drug administration (r = 0.55; P = 0.10). Of 10 cases, the eight cases who received anti-epileptic drugs (n = 3) or no treatment (n = 5) all developed cognitive impairment. By contrast, the two who did not develop cognitive impairment received immunotherapy to treat their faciobrachial dystonic seizures (P = 0.02). In eight cases without clinical magnetic resonance imaging evidence of hippocampal signal change, cross-sectional volumetric magnetic resonance imaging post-recovery, after accounting for age and head size, revealed cases (n = 8) had smaller brain volumes than healthy controls (n = 13) (P < 0.001). In conclusion, faciobrachial dystonic seizures can be prospectively identified as a form of epilepsy with an expanding phenotype. Immunotherapy is associated with excellent control of the frequently anti-epileptic drug refractory seizures, hastens time to recovery, and may prevent the subsequent development of cognitive impairment observed in this study. © 2013 The Author (2013). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Guarantors of Brain. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Practice of electroconvulsive therapy between the years of 2006-2011 at a university hospital in Turkey$$$ Objective: The frequency of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) application rates have been reported between 9% and 16.4% in Turkey. These results are higher than in the United States, European countries and some Asia-Pacific countries. These rates do not reflect the actual prevalence of ECT in the general psychiatric population due to nonexitence of a nationwide registry. In this study we aimed to evaluate inpatients that underwent ECT at the clinic of a university hospital comprehensively. Methods: The patients who were hospitalized and treated with ECT in the Department of Psychiatry of Gulhane Military Medical Academy between 2006 and 2011 were included in this study. The medical files of patients who were hospitalized and treated with ECT within this period were evaluated retrospectively. Results: Of the 176 patients treated with ECT, the most common diagnosis for the application was psychotic disorder and the second was unipolar depression. Average duration of seizures was 27.6±9.7 sec, the average number of ECT was 9.1 ±4.2 and these have not shown difference according to the diseases. Complication rates were between 3% and 11% and were found to be the highest at the depression group. ECT has provided significant improvements in both clinical as well as psychometric measurements at 90.9% of the patients' and in all diagnostic groups. Discussion: The rate of ECT was found to be 2.2% in a 5-year period. The results show that ECT is a safe and effective treatment. Prospective and similar studies in different populations should be useful. ER  - 
Multiple sclerosis starting before the age of 18 years: The Brazilian experience$$$ Multiple sclerosis (MS) starting in childhood and adolescence poses a challenge for diagnosis and management of the disease. The aim of the present study was to assess the characteristics of early onset MS in Brazilian patients. Methods: Retrospective data collection from specialized MS units. Results: From 20 MS units in 11 Brazilian states, 117 cases of MS starting before the age of 18 years were collected. These patients had an average of 10 years of disease duration, still typically with low disability and one relapse every 2.5 years. The mean age for disease onset was 13.7 years. Conclusion: The present study introduces a large series of Brazilian cases of pediatric MS. Although some patients presented a very severe form of MS, on the whole the group of patients with MS starting in childhood or adolescence presented a relatively mild form of this disease in Brazil. ER  - 
A comparative study of primary and secondary stereotypies$$$ This study compares primary stereotypies (repetitive, self-stimulating, and seemingly nonsensical movements that can occur within typically developing children) and secondary stereotypies (those occurring within autistic or mentally retarded children). Utilizing a retrospective chart review from 1995 to 2010, the current study compares primary and secondary stereotypies by the application of a classification system that organizes the movement by its type (motor only, phonic only, mixed) and complexity. In addition, it investigates other parameters associated with the movements such as duration, frequency, age, functional impairment, and progression. The sample group consisted of 28 primary and 28 secondary cases. Primary stereotypies were predominantly motor, simple, of shorter duration, and of less frequency, whereas secondary stereotypies had more vocalization, complexity, longer durations, and higher frequencies. Moreover, functional impairment due to stereotypies was noted in 3 primary and 7 secondary cases, and worsening of stereotypies was noted in 70% of primary versus 44% of secondary cases. ER  - 
Olfactory hallucinations without clinical motor activity: A comparison of unirhinal with birhinal phantosmia$$$ Olfactory hallucinations without subsequent myoclonic activity have not been well characterized or understood. Herein we describe, in a retrospective study, two major forms of olfactory hallucinations labeled phantosmias: one, unirhinal, the other, birhinal. To describe these disorders we performed several procedures to elucidate similarities and differences between these processes. From 1272, patients evaluated for taste and smell dysfunction at The Taste and Smell Clinic, Washington, DC with clinical history, neurological and otolaryngological examinations, evaluations of taste and smell function, EEG and neuroradiological studies 40 exhibited cyclic unirhinal phantosmia (CUP) usually without hyposmia whereas 88 exhibited non-cyclic birhinal phantosmia with associated symptomology (BPAS) with hyposmia. Patients with CUP developed phantosmia spontaneously or after laughing, coughing or shouting initially with spontaneous inhibition and subsequently with Valsalva maneuvers, sleep or nasal water inhalation; they had frequent EEG changes usually ipsilateral sharp waves. Patients with BPAS developed phantosmia secondary to several clinical events usually after hyposmia onset with few EEG changes; their phantosmia could not be initiated or inhibited by any physiological maneuver. CUP is uncommonly encountered and represents a newly defined clinical syndrome. BPAS is commonly encountered, has been observed previously but has not beenclearly defined. Mechanisms responsible for phantosmia in each group were related to decreased gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) activity in specific brain regions. Treatment which activated brain GABA inhibited phantosmia in both groups. © 2013 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. ER  - 
Safety and effectiveness of dexmedetomidine in the pediatric intensive care unit (SAD-PICU)$$$ Background: Critically ill children require sedation for comfort and to facilitate mechanical ventilation and interventions. Dexmedetomidine is a newer sedative with little safety data in pediatrics, particularly for therapy lasting longer than 48 h. Objective: To quantify the frequency of adverse events and withdrawal syndromes associated with dexmedetomidine and to describe the use of this drug for continuous sedation in critically ill children. Methods: In this retrospective study of patients who received dexmedetomidine for sedation in the pediatric intensive care unit, adverse events were assessed with the Naranjo scale to determine the likelihood of association with dexmedetomidine. Interventions in response to adverse events were also recorded. Results: One hundred and forty-four patients (median age 34 months, range 0-17.7 years) who underwent a total of 153 treatment courses were included. The mean infusion rate of dexmedetomidine was 0.42 μg/kg per hour (standard deviation 0.17 μg/kg per hour, range 0.05-2 μg/kg per hour). The median duration of therapy was 20.50 h (range 0.75-854.75 h), and 70 infusions (46%) lasted more than 24 h. At least one adverse event was observed in 115 (75%) of the treatment courses. Hypotension (81 [53%]) and bradycardia (38 [25%]) were the most common adverse events and were deemed "probably" attributable to dexmedetomidine in 17 (11%) and 9 (6%) of the treatment courses, respectively. In 55 of the 66 treatment courses with infusions lasting longer than 24 h for which post-infusion data were available, at least one withdrawal symptom was observed; agitation (41 [62%]) and hypertension (22 [33%]) were the most common withdrawal symptoms. Conclusions: Dexmedetomidine was commonly administered for longer than 24 h in the authors' institution. Dexmedetomidine was generally well tolerated; however, the majority of patients experienced withdrawal symptoms. Patients receiving dexmedetomidine for more than 24 h should be monitored for withdrawal following discontinuation, and interventions should be provided if needed. Prospective, controlled studies are needed to characterize the safety of long-term dexmedetomidine therapy in critically ill children. ER  - 
Differentiating Ictal panic with low-grade temporal lobe tumors from psychogenic panic attacks$$$ Objective: Indolent low-grade temporal lobe tumors may present with ictal panic that may be difficult to differentiate from psychogenic panic attacks. The current study aims to demonstrate the differences between the two disorders and help physicians generate a diagnostic paradigm. Method: This was a retrospective study of 43 patients who underwent a temporal lobectomy between 1981 and 2008 for the treatment of intractable temporal lobe epilepsy secondary to low-grade neoplasms at Rush University Medical Center. A total of 10 patients in this group presented with ictal panic who were previously being treated for psychogenic panic attacks. Medical records were reviewed for age at seizure onset, duration of symptoms, lateralization of the epileptogenic zone, pathological diagnosis, and postsurgical seizure outcome according to the modified Engel classification. Results: Neuropathologic findings of the 10 tumors were pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma, ganglioglioma, oligodendroglioma, and dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial. The mean age of the patients undergoing surgery was 28 years (range, 15-49). The mean duration of panic symptoms prior to surgery was 9.8 years (range, 3-23). All patients had unprovoked ictal panic. None had symptoms suggestive of a brain tumor, such as signs of increased intracranial pressure or any focal neurologic deficit. In 5 of the patients, other symptoms associated with the ictal panic, including unusual sounds, nausea, automatism, uprising gastric sensation, and déjà vu were identified. Gross total resection of the lesion resulted in improved seizure outcome in all patients undergoing surgery. Patient follow-up was, on average, 7.4 years (range, 2-14) from time of surgery. Conclusions: Although similar, ictal panic from epilepsy and classic panic attacks are clinically distinguishable entities with different modalities of treatment. A careful history may help differentiate patients with ictal panic from those with psychogenic panic attacks and determine for which patients to obtain neuroimaging studies. © Copyright 2013 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Stimulus-induced rhythmic, periodic, or ictal discharges (SIRPIDs): An intriguing EEG phenomenon$$$ SIRPIDs, an acronym for stimulus-induced rhythmic, periodic, or ictal discharges, were first named in 2004. This is a pattern observed in continuous electroencephalogram (CEEG) consistently elicited by stimulation in comatose patients. The pathophysiology of SIRPIDs probably involves dysregulation of subcortico-cortical projections, particularly thalamocortical circuit, in a markedly abnormal brain with hyperexcitable cortex. This may explain some studies found an association of prolonged periodic epileptiform discharges (PEDs) activity and a higher incidence of concurrent electrographic seizures and SIRPIDs. An association of SIRPIDs and poor prognosis has already been described. However, it is not yet possible to assert whether these discharges can cause neuronal injury or if they are simply a marker of severe brain injury. Objective of this paper is to review clinical relevance and pathophysiology of SIRPIDs, as well as its role as a brain response in the critically ill patient. ER  - 
Cerebral cavernoamas: Radiological prevalence and clinical features in a 10 year retrospective study in a teaching hospital$$$ Objectives: Cerebral cavernous angiomas remain one of the most negotiable and controversial topics in neurological and neurosurgical practice. It can present with symptoms or can be found incidentally. The aim of this study is to evaluate the prevalence, clinical presentation, treatment options and outcome of patients with cerebral cavernoma. Materials and Methods: Brain MRI for (14372) patients done in our university teaching hospital during 10 -year period from 2001 to 2011 were reviewed, 33 cases of cerebral cavernoma were found. The medical charts of these patients were reviewed and analyzed for their clinical presentation, treatment options and outcome. Results: We identified 33 cases of cavernoma with a mean age of 33.3±16.8 years. There were18 females and 15 males. Four cases were excluded from analysis (but included in prevalence calculation) due to unavailability of clinical data. In the 29 other cases there were 35 cavernomas. The radiologic prevalence of cavernomas in this population was 0.23%. Most cavernomas were found in the supratentorial regions mostly found in the frontal lobes. The most common presenting symptoms were seizures in males and headache in females. Conclusion: The radiologic prevalence of cerebral cavernomas was less than previous series, while clinical presentation was the same. Performing MRI at higher resolution and field strength with more sensitive sequences may lead to the detection of subtle or small brain abnormalities that would not have been detected previously. © 2013 DAR Publishers/University of Jordan. All Rights Reserved. ER  - 
Selective attention of students suffering from primary headaches in a pain free period: A case control study$$$ Background: Headache patients frequently complain about difficulties in attention and concentration, even when they are headache-free and psychometric studies concerning attentional deficits in headache patients between attacks are scarce. Objective: To evaluate selective attention of headache patients in a pain free period and compare them with healthy volunteers. Subjects and Methods: We performed, between February 2011 and July 2011, a case-control study, including 45 university students consulting for primary headaches, matched with 45 healthy students as controls. Headaches were classified according to the International Headache Society criteria (IHS, 2004). Subjects with a history of brain injury, epilepsy and visual disturbancies were excluded. Mood disorders were assessed using the Hospital Anxiety Depression (HAD) questionnaire. Selective attention was evaluated using the D-KEFS color-word interference test. Results: Mean age of patients was 23.29 ± 2.55 years, versus 22.89 ± 2.04 years for controls (p = 0.2). Migraine and tension-type headaches were the only diagnosed headache types, respectively 55.56% and 44.44%. The selective attention score was -4.04 ± 7.08 for patients, versus -1.31 ± 7.73 for controls (p = 0.02). The mean mental flexibility score was lower in headache sufferers compared to controls (36.67 ± 6.79 versus 41.33 ± 6.23, p = 0.001). Gender, anxiety and depression scores, and temporal features of headache had no correlation with selective attention score. Conclusion: Selective attention and mental flexibility capacities seem to be reduced in primary headache sufferers in pain free period. These findings could contribute to our understanding of the pathophysiology of primary headaches. ER  - 
Stressor-related disorders in tuberous sclerosis$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) have high rates of psychiatric comorbidity, including mood and anxiety disorders. The aim of this study is to identify patients with stressor-related disorders such as posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) or adjustment disorder (AD) and to describe their clinical picture in the setting of TSC. METHODS: Retrospective review of medical charts of TSC patients referred for a stressor-related disorder to a TSC psychiatric clinic. RESULTS: We identified 7 females and 2 males (3 PTSD, 6 AD), including 4 children. Two patients with severe intellectual disability presented with aggression and the remaining patients presented with avoidance. The mean duration of symptoms at the time of the study was 21 months (range: 7 to 48 months) and 7 of the 9 patients still were having trauma-related symptoms. All the patients who received an initial diagnosis of AD had their diagnosis changed to another category because their symptoms lasted >6 months. In most cases, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors improved the symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: Stressor-related disorders in TSC frequently linger beyond 6 months and may appear with triggering events that typically are not viewed as trauma in a normal population. ER  - 
The role of the pterional approach in the surgical treatment of olfactory groove meningiomas: A 20-year experience$$$ Background: Olfactory groove meningiomas remain surgically challenging. The common microsurgical approaches suffer from late exposure of the neurovascular structures. Conversely, the pterional approach has the advantage of early dissection of the posterior neurovascular complex. Methods: We reviewed the records of patients treated for olfactory groove meningioma in our department between 1991 and 2010. A total of 61 patients underwent removal of olfactory groove meningiomas via the pterional approach. These included 58 primary and 3 recurrent tumors. Mean overall follow-up time was 122 months. Results: Early exposure and dissection of the internal carotid artery, middle cerebral artery, anterior cerebral artery, and optic nerve was feasible in all cases. Complete tumor removal was achieved in 60 patients. Morbidity and mortality rates were 26% and 1.6% respectively. Postoperative complications included epileptic seizures (five patients) and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leak (two patients). During follow-up, we recorded three tumor recurrences. Conclusions: The pterional approach appears to be an excellent solution for the treatment of olfactory groove meningiomas. Its foremost advantage is early visualization of the posterior neurovascular complex. Moreover, it allows frontal sinus preservation and timely tumor devascularization and avoids excessive brain retraction. The pterional view is familiar to most neurosurgeons and therefore the transition to this technique is fairly straightforward. © 2013 Georg Thieme Verlog KG. ER  - 
Comparing the effects of propofol-ketamine to propofol-saline on myalgia post electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background and purpose: Myalgia is among the relatively common side effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Positive preventive analgesic effects of ketamine in surgical patients have been studied. However, the effects of ketamine on post-ECT myalgia are unclear. This study aimed to examine the effects of ketamine on myalgia in patients with depressive disorder who underwent ECT. Materials and methods: According to the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders forth edition (DSM-IV) criteria, 50 major depressive patients were included in a double blinded, cross-sectional clinical study at the second and third ECT sessions. They were randomly allocated into induction of anesthesia either with propofol 1 mg/kg plus ketamine 0.3mg/kg or with propofol 1 mg/kg plus 2ml 0.9% saline in first study ECT session and vice versa in the next ECT session. Paralysis was achieved with 0.5 mg/kg succinylcholine in two sessions. Assessments included post ECT myalgia, seizure duration, and hemodynamic profile. Results: There were 50 patients, with a mean age of 37.8 years, who underwent 100 ECT sessions. The mean duration of seizures in the ketamine and saline group was 28 and 29 seconds, respectively, and the difference was not statistically significant. Ketamine did not significantly reduce the myalgia in compared to the placebo. Conclusion: Based on the results of our study, adding ketamine to propofol for induction of anesthesia in patients with major depression who undergo ECT has no effects on seizure duration and post ECT myalgia. ER  - 
Pattern of psychiatric illnesses among long-stay patients at mental health hospital, Taif, Saudi Arabia: A 10-year retrospective study$$$ To identify the pattern and determinants of psychiatric illness and the predictors of long stay among long-stay patients at the Mental Health Hospital, Taif, Saudi Arabia, we examinede a total of 430 records of patients who had been admitted during the period January 1999-January 2009 and had stayed for > 9 months. More than half these patients had a history of drug addiction (60.7%). The majority were diagnosed with schizophrenia (88.8%) and mental retardation was reported in 17.7%. Personality disorders and epilepsy were diagnosed in 3.7% and 1.9% of the participants respectively. The mean duration of hospital stay was 6.16 (standard deviation 2.32; range 1-10) years. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that patients diagnosed with schizophrenia accompanied by mental retardation, those with lower education levels, and those with a history of co-morbid chronic diseases stayed for more than 2 years. ER  - 
Alzheimer's disease and co-morbidity: Increased prevalence and possible risk factors of excess mortality in a naturalistic 7-year follow-up$$$ Background: Subjects with late-onset Alzheimer's disease (AD) have to be sufficiently healthy to live long enough to experience and to be diagnosed with dementia in later life. In contrast, neurodegeneration and cognitive deficits in AD may increase the frequency of co-morbid disorders and their possible influence on mortality. Consequently, we investigated whether the pattern of co-morbidity and its relevance for later death differed between hospitalized AD and age-matched controls subjects. Methods: Co-morbid diseases with a prevalence of more than 1% at hospital admission were compared between 634 hospitalized AD and 72,244 control subjects aged above 70 years admitted to the University of Birmingham NHS Trust between 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2007. Risk factors, i.e. co-morbid diseases that were predictors of mortality within the 7-year follow-up, were identified and compared. Results: Subjects with AD suffer more eating disorders, infections, brain diseases and neck of femur fractures than other hospitalized elderly patients. In contrast, some cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus were less prevalent in AD subjects in comparison with hospitalized controls. Diseases that might have contributed to later mortality in AD were pneumonia, ischemic heart disease and gastroenteritis, but there were no significant differences in their impact on mortality compared to other hospitalized elderly subjects with the same co-morbidities in multivariate logistic regression analyses. Conclusion: Patients with AD have a different pattern of co-morbidity, but die from the same diseases as other hospitalized patients. Infections including pneumonia and diseases that may occur secondary to neurodegeneration and cognitive decline may need special attention in patients with AD who may not be able to identify or report the early symptoms. Preventive measures may be helpful to reduce the high risk and fatal consequences of undetected disease in AD. © 2011. ER  - 
Seroprevalence and specificity of NMO-IgG (anti-aquaporin 4 antibodies) in patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Neuropsychiatric manifestations are present in 30-40% of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Recently, antibodies to aquaporin-4 (termed AQP4-Ab, or NMO-IgG), a water channel protein, were reported to be present in a subset of patients with SLE and neurological involvement. To evaluate the syndrome specificity and prevalence of serum NMO-IgG/anti-AQP4 antibodies in patients with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE). Sera of 76 patients with SLE and neurological symptoms, 50 of whom met the ACR case definitions of NPSLE, were tested for AQP4-Ab in an indirect immunofluorescence assay employing HEK293 cells transfected with recombinant human AQP4. Only one of the examined sera was positive for NMO-IgG/AQP4-Ab. This patient suffered from TM, ranging over two vertebral segments on spinal MRI. None of the 75 NPSLE without TM was found to be seropositive for NMO-IgG/AQP4-Ab. NMO-IgG/AQP4-Ab in NPSLE were present only in a patient with TM and were not detectable in NPSLE patients with other neurological manifestations. Testing for NMO-IgG/AQP4-Ab positivity should be considered in patients presenting with SLE and TM. Non-longitudinally extensive lesions do no not exclude NMO-IgG/AQP4-Ab in patients presenting with SLE and TM. © 2011 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Determinants of in-hospital death after acute spinal cord injury: A population-based study$$$ Objectives:First, to evaluate the influence of comorbid diseases and concomitant injuries on the risk of in-hospital death after traumatic spinal cord injury (TSCI). Second, to identify the risk characteristics of TSCI patients with likelihood of death.Study design:Population-based retrospective cohort study.Setting:Sixty-two acute care hospitals in South Carolina, USA.Methods:Records of 3389 TSCI patients hospitalized with acute TSCI were evaluated. Days elapsing from the date of injury to date of death established the survival time (T). Cox regression examined risk of in-hospital death as a function of counts of comorbid conditions and injuries along with their joint effects controlling for other covariates.Results:Counts of comorbid conditions and injuries showed dose-dependent risk of death while in-hospital independent of demographical and clinical covariates. Hazard ratios (HR) for counts 3+, 2 and 1 comorbid conditions were 2.19 (P<0.001), 1.73 (P=0.005) and 1.20 (P=0.322), respectively. For counts of 4+, 3 and 2 other injuries were 1.85 (P<0.001), 1.81 (P<0.001) and 1.46 (P=0.022), respectively. The joint effect of the two was transadditive with statistically significant HR ranging from 1.72-3.14.Conclusion:Counts of comorbid conditions and injured body regions strongly indicate risk of in-hospital death after TSCI and their joint effects elicited dose-dependent gradient independent of demographical and clinical covariates. Assessing risk of in-hospital death based on joint use of counts of comorbid diseases and injuries is highly informative to target TSCI patients at high risk of dying. © 2013 International Spinal Cord Society All rights reserved. ER  - 
Behavioural and cognitive effects during vagus nerve stimulation in children with intractable epilepsy-A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background/Aims: In addition to effects on seizure frequency in intractable epilepsy, multiple studies report benefits of vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) on behavioural outcomes and quality of life. The present study aims to investigate the effects of VNS on cognition, mood in general, depression, epilepsy-related restrictions and psychosocial adjustment in children with intractable epilepsy, as well as the relation between these effects and seizure reduction. Methods: We conducted a randomized, active-controlled, double-blinded, add-on study in 41 children (age 4-18) with medically refractory epilepsy. We performed cognitive and behavioural testing at baseline (12 weeks), at the end of the blinded phase (20 weeks) in children receiving either high-output or low-output (active control) stimulation, and at the end of the open label phase (19 weeks) with all children receiving high-output stimulation. Seizure frequency was recorded using seizure diaries. Results: VNS did not have a negative effect on cognition nor on psychosocial adjustment. At the end of the follow-up phase we noted an improvement of mood in general and the depression subscale for the entire group, unrelated to a reduction of seizure frequency. At the end of the blinded phase a ≥50% reduction of seizure frequency occurred in 16% of the high-stimulation group and 21% of the low-stimulation group. At the end of the open-label follow-up phase, 26% of the children experienced a seizure frequency reduction of 50% or more (responders). Conclusions: VNS has additional beneficial effects in children with intractable epilepsy. As opposed to anti-epileptic drugs, there are no negative effects on cognition. Moreover, we observed an improvement of mood in general and depressed feelings in particular, irrespective of a reduction in seizure frequency. These beneficial effects should be taken into account when deciding whether to initiate or continue VNS treatment in these children. © 2012 European Paediatric Neurology Society. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
KOMET: An unblinded, randomised, two parallelgroup, stratified trial comparing the effectiveness of levetiracetam with controlled-release carbamazepine and extended-release sodium valproate as monotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy$$$ Objective To compare the effectiveness of levetiracetam (LEV) with extended-release sodium valproate (VPA-ER) and controlled-release carbamazepine (CBZ-CR) as monotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy. Methods This unblinded, randomised, 52-week superiority trial (NCT00175903) recruited patients (≥16 years of age) with ≥2 unprovoked seizures in the previous 2 years and ≥1 in the previous 6 months. The physician chose VPA or CBZ as preferred standard treatment; each patient was randomised to standard treatment or LEV. The primary outcome was time to treatment withdrawal (LEV vs standard antiepileptic drugs (AEDs)). Analyses also compared LEV with VPAER, and LEV with CBZ-CR. Findings 1688 patients (mean age 41 years; 44% female) were randomised to LEV (n=841) or standard AEDs (n=847). Time to treatment withdrawal was not significantly different between LEV and standard AEDs: HR (95% CI) 0.90 (0.74 to 1.08). Time to treatment withdrawal (HR (95% CI)) was 1.02 (0.74 to 1.41) for LEV/VPA-ER and 0.84 (0.66 to 1.07) for LEV/CBZ-CR. Time to first seizure (HR, 95% CI) was significantly longer for standard AEDs, 1.20 (1.03 to 1.39), being 1.19 (0.93 to 1.54) for LEV/VPA-ER and 1.20 (0.99 to 1.46) for LEV/CBZ-CR. Estimated 12-month seizure freedom rates from randomisation: 58.7% LEV versus 64.5% VPA-ER; 50.5% LEV versus 56.7% CBZ-CR. Similar proportions of patients within each stratum reported at least one adverse event: 66.1% LEV versus 62.0% VPA-ER; 73.4% LEV versus 72.5% CBZ-CR. Conclusions LEV monotherapy was not superior to standard AEDs for the global outcome, namely time to treatment withdrawal, in patients with newly diagnosed focal or generalised seizures. ER  - 
Calcifying pseudoneoplasms of the neuraxis (CAPNON): Clinical features and therapeutic options$$$ Introduction: Calcifying pseudoneoplasms of the neuraxis (CAPNON) are rare, slow-growing lesions occurring anywhere in the central nervous system (CNS). Since their first description in 1978, only 39 cases have been reported in the literature. Methods: The cases of two patients with histopathologically verified diagnoses of CAPNON are presented. Thereafter, we review all reports published so far with respect to study type, number of patients, anatomical area (intracranial, spinal, or both), clinical presentation, radiological presentation, therapy, duration of follow-up, incidence and type of complication, and outcome. Furthermore, current recommendations for the management of spinal and cerebral CAPNON are discussed. Results: A total of 19 retrospective articles were identified and selected for review: 6 case series (31.6 %) and 13 reports of single cases (68.4 %). The 19 articles and our two additional cases added up to a total of 19 patients with spinal CAPNON and 22 patients with intracranial CAPNON. All patients were treated surgically. A follow-up was provided in 13 patients with spinal (68.4 %) and in 16 patients with intracranial CAPNON (72.7 %), respectively. The follow-up showed no signs of recurrence in 12 of 13 patients with spinal CAPNON (92.3 %) and in 15 of 16 patients with intracranial CAPNON (93.7 %). One-tailed Fisher's exact test revealed no significant difference between complete and incomplete resection in terms of disease recurrence (spinal: p = 0.6842; intracranial: p = 0.3749). Analysis of the literature did not reveal any deaths directly associated with CAPNON. Conclusions: Calcifying pseudoneoplasms are rare benign lesions of the CNS of yet unknown origin. Because of the increasing number of reports, this clinical entity should be taken into consideration in the differential diagnosis of intracranial and intraspinal calcified lesions. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Wien. ER  - 
A case-control study of wicket spikes using video-EEG monitoring$$$ Purpose: To investigate clinical characteristics associated with wicket spikes in patients undergoing long-term video-EEG monitoring. Methods: A case-control study was performed in 479 patients undergoing video-EEG monitoring, with 3 age- (±3 years) and gender-matched controls per patient with wicket spikes. Logistic regression was utilized to investigate the association between wicket spikes and other factors, including conditions that have been previously associated with wicket spikes. Results: Wicket spikes were recorded in 48 patients. There was a significantly higher prevalence of dizziness/vertigo (p = 0.002), headaches (p = 0.005), migraine (p = 0.015), and seizures (p = 0.016) in patients with wickets. The majority of patients with wicket spikes did not exhibit epileptiform activity on EEG; however, patients with history of seizures were more likely to have wickets (p = 0.017). There was no significant difference in the prevalence of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures between the groups. Wickets were more common on the left, during sleep, and more likely to be first recorded on day 1-2 of monitoring. Conclusions: Patients with wicket spikes are more likely to have dizziness/vertigo, headaches, migraine, and seizures. Patients with history of seizures are more likely to have wickets. The prevalence of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures is not significantly higher in patients with wickets. © 2012 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drug use in Austrian nursing home residents$$$ Purpose: Currently around 30% of all newly developed seizures are diagnosed in persons older than 65 years. Five to 17% of nursing home-residents take antiepileptic drugs. The aim of our study was to analyze the type and frequency of prescribed antiepileptic drugs, as well as their indication, co-morbidities and co-medications in institutionalized elderly in Austria. Methods: This was a retrospective, cross-sectional study, which included all residents of the seven public nursing homes in Innsbruck, Austria. The data of 828 probands were extracted from the charts at site and maintained anonymously. The data collection was followed by descriptive statistics. Key findings: 70 (8.5%; 26 M/44 F) of the 828 (192 M/636 F) residents took at least one antiepileptic medication. In 51.5% the reason for the prescription were epileptic seizures-yielding a minimum prevalence of 4.5%. The most often used antiepileptic drugs were gabapentin (37%), levetiracetam (24%) and valproate (18.5%). The three most common co-morbidities were arterial hypertension (49%), ischemic stroke (36%) and other cerebrovascular diseases (29%). Six to nine co-medications were prescribed in 41%, 26% had more than 10 additional drugs and 91% were treated with proconvulsive co-medications (64/70, median 2, range 0-6). Significance: Austrian nursing home residents receive more frequently newer antiepileptic drugs compared to other countries, but co-prescription of proconvulsive drugs is common. © 2012 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Ethosuximide, valproic acid, and lamotrigine in childhood absence epilepsy: Initial monotherapy outcomes at 12 months$$$ Purpose: Determine the optimal initial monotherapy for children with newly diagnosed childhood absence epilepsy (CAE) based on 12 months of double-blind therapy. Methods: A double-blind, randomized controlled clinical trial compared the efficacy, tolerability, and neuropsychological effects of ethosuximide, valproic acid, and lamotrigine in children with newly diagnosed CAE. Study medications were titrated to clinical response, and subjects remained in the trial unless they reached a treatment failure criterion. Maximal target doses were ethosuximide 60 mg/kg/day or 2,000 mg/day, valproic acid 60 mg/kg/day or 3,000 mg/day, and lamotrigine 12 mg/kg/day or 600 mg/day. Original primary outcome was at 16-20 weeks and included a video-electroencephalography (EEG) assessment. For this report, the main effectiveness outcome was the freedom from failure rate 12 months after randomization and included a video-EEG assessment; differential drug effects were determined by pairwise comparisons. The main cognitive outcome was the percentage of subjects experiencing attentional dysfunction at the month 12 visit. Key Findings: A total of 453 children were enrolled and randomized; 7 were deemed ineligible and 446 subjects comprised the overall efficacy cohort. There were no demographic differences between the three cohorts. By 12 months after starting therapy, only 37% of all enrolled subjects were free from treatment failure on their first medication. At the month 12 visit, the freedom-from-failure rates for ethosuximide and valproic acid were similar (45% and 44%, respectively; odds ratio [OR]with valproic acid vs. ethosuximide 0.94; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.58-1.52; p = 0.82) and were higher than the rate for lamotrigine (21%; OR with ethosuximide vs. lamotrigine 3.08; 95% CI 1.81-5.33; OR with valproic acid vs. lamotrigine 2.88; 95% CI 1.68-5.02; p < 0.001 for both comparisons). The frequency of treatment failures due to lack of seizure control (p < 0.001) and intolerable adverse events (p < 0.037) was significantly different among the treatment groups. Almost two thirds of the 125 subjects with treatment failure due to lack of seizure control were in the lamotrigine cohort. The largest subgroup (42%) of the 115 subjects discontinuing due to adverse events was in the valproic acid group. The previously reported higher rate of attentional dysfunction seen at 16-20 weeks in the valproic acid group compared with the ethosuximide or lamotrigine groups persisted at 12 months (p < 0.01). Significance: As initial monotherapy, the superior effectiveness of ethosuximide and valproic acid compared to lamotrigine in controlling seizures without intolerable adverse events noted at 16-20 weeks persisted at 12 months. The valproic acid cohort experienced a higher rate of adverse events leading to drug discontinuation as well as significant negative effects on attentional measures that were not seen in the ethosuximide cohort. These 12-month outcome data coupled with the study's prespecified decision-making algorithm indicate that ethosuximide is the optimal initial empirical monotherapy for CAE. This is the first randomized controlled trial meeting International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) criteria for class I evidence for CAE (or for any type of generalized seizure in adults or children). (NCT00088452.) © 2012 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Neurological manifestations of phaeochromocytomas and secretory paragangliomas: A reappraisal$$$ Objective To determine the frequency and range of neurological manifestations of phaeochromocytomas and secretory paragangliomas. Methods A retrospective review of case notes of patients admitted to Auckland Hospital from 1985 to 2011 with a discharge diagnosis of phaeochromocytoma or secretory paraganglioma. Results Ninety-three patients were admitted with a phaeochromocytoma or secretory paraganglioma. Sixtyeight patients (73%) had neurological symptoms, but only 15 patients (16%) received a neurological consultation. Neurological manifestations occurred in three main clinical contexts. First, paroxysmal symptoms occurred in 66 of 93 patients (71%). Neurological symptoms were common features of these attacks and included headache (47 patients), anxiety (24 patients), tremulousness (15 patients) and dizziness (12 patients). The headaches typically had an explosive onset. Delay in diagnosis was common. Second, 28 patients (30%) had an acute crisis, which was associated with neurological symptoms in 11 (39%) of the episodes: headache (10 patients); seizures (five patients); strokes (three patients); delirium (three patients) and subarachnoid haemorrhage (one patient). Third, five of six patients with a head and neck secretory paraganglioma had neurological symptoms related to infiltration of the middle ear or compression of cranial nerves. Reversible cerebral vasoconstriction syndrome (RCVS) was documented in three patients. Conclusions Neurological manifestations of phaeochromocytomas and secretory paragangliomas were common, and these tumours can present with various neurological manifestations. The paroxysmal symptoms can be incorrectly attributed to other headache syndromes, panic attacks or cerebral vasculitis. RCVS may play a role in the pathogenesis of the neurological symptoms associated with acute crises and paroxysmal attacks. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy in adolescents a retrospective study from north India$$$ Objectives: There are minimal data on the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in adolescents from India. The present study aimed to evaluate the clinical profile and effectiveness of ECT in adolescents (aged 13Y18 years). Methods: A retrospective chart review was carried out to identify adolescents (aged 13Y18years) who had received ECT during the period 1999Y2011. During the study period, 39 such patients received ECT; complete records of 25 patients were available. Details regarding their sociodemographic, clinical, and treatment data were extracted from these records for the present study. Results: During the study period, 658 patients received ECT, of which 39 were aged 18 or younger (5.9%). Schizophrenia (n = 14; 56%) was the commonest diagnosis for which ECT was used in adolescents, followed by depression (n = 3; 12%). Catatonic symptoms (n = 17; 68%) were the most common symptoms among these subjects. Electroconvulsive therapy was considered as a treatment of choice taking the clinical picture account in about three fourths of the patients (n = 19; 76%). The mean (SD) numbers of ECTs administered per patient were 10.1 (4.87) (range, 2Y21). The mean (SD) response rate to ECTwas 76% (23.3%) (range, 31%Y100%). Response rates according to diagnosis were the following: 76.3% for schizophrenia, 87.2% for depression, 81.8% for psychosis (not otherwise specified), and 77.7% for acute and transient psychosis. Response rate in patients with catatonia was 91.6%. Prolonged seizures, nausea and vomiting, and headache were reported in 2 cases each. Conclusion: Electroconvulsive therapy is used less frequently in children and adolescents compared to the older patients. This study shows that ECT is effective in the treatment of severe psychiatric disorders in adolescents and is associated with the same frequency of adverse effects as the adults.Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Comparison of methohexital and etomidate as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy in affective and psychotic disorders$$$ Background: ECT is a well-established treatment for severe depression. The available data on psychosis are limited, but reliable. Its therapeutic potential relies on the induction of a generalized seizure. Besides other narcotics, methohexital and etomidate are used for general anesthesia in ECT. Since prolonged seizures have been reported following the use of etomidate, it can be deduced that the substances might differ in their anticonvulsant properties, resulting in a lower increase in stimulus intensity during the course of treatment under etomidate. Besides this hypothesis, we aimed to investigate the differential effects of etomidate and methohexital on clinical features, ECT parameters and side effects of the treatment. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of treatment data of patients with affective and psychotic diagnosis who received general anesthesia for ECT either with etomidate or with methohexital. Results: ECT with etomidate and methohexital was equally effective. During the course of therapies the administered electric charge increased significantly and equally in both treatment groups. In the methohexital group, but not in the etomidate group, electroencephalographic seizure duration had a declining trend during the course of therapies. We observed more side effects during and immediately after ECT in the methohexital group than in the etomidate group. Limitations: The limitations of this study are that the patients received various psychotropic co-medications, which influence ictal parameters differently, and, secondly, the study is based on a retrospective analysis. Conclusion: The results of our analysis suggest that etomidate and methohexital affect ictal parameters to different extents. Longer seizure duration and fewer side effects are in favor of etomidate. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Lurasidone for the treatment of acutely psychotic patients with schizophrenia: A 6-week, randomized, placebo-controlled study$$$ Despite the availability of established antipsychotic agents for the treatment of schizophrenia, continued unmet needs exist for effective medications with lower adverse-effect burden. The present study evaluated the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of treatment with the atypical antipsychotic lurasidone for patients with an acute exacerbation of schizophrenia. Patients were randomized to 6 weeks of double-blind treatment with lurasidone 40 mg/day, 80 mg/day, or 120 mg/day, or placebo. Changes in Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) scores were evaluated using mixed-model repeated-measures (MMRM) analysis. Vital signs, laboratory parameters, extrapyramidal symptoms, and electrocardiogram were assessed. Treatment with lurasidone 80 mg/day resulted in significantly greater improvement in PANSS total score compared with placebo (-23.4 versus -17.0; p < 0.05) at study endpoint (MMRM); lurasidone 40 mg/day and 120 mg/day achieved clinically meaningful overall PANSS score reductions from baseline (-19.2 and -20.5), but not significant separation from placebo. Differences between all lurasidone groups and placebo for changes in laboratory parameters and electrocardiographic measures were minimal. Weight gain ≥7% occurred in 8.2% of patients receiving lurasidone and 3.2% receiving placebo. Modest increases in prolactin (median increase, 0.7 ng/mL) and extrapyramidal symptoms were observed following treatment with lurasidone compared with placebo. Akathisia was the most commonly reported adverse event with lurasidone (17.6%, versus 3.1% with placebo). In this study, in which a large placebo response was observed, lurasidone 80 mg/day, but not 40 mg/day or 120 mg/day, was statistically superior to placebo in treating acute exacerbation of chronic schizophrenia. All lurasidone doses were generally well tolerated. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of pridopidine in Huntington's disease$$$ We examined the effects of 3 dosages of pridopidine, a dopamine-stabilizing compound, on motor function and other features of Huntington's disease, with additional evaluation of its safety and tolerability. This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in outpatient neurology clinics at 27 sites in the United States and Canada. Two hundred twenty-seven subjects enrolled from October 24, 2009, to May 10, 2010. The intervention was pridopidine, either 20 (n=56), 45 (n=55), or 90 (n=58) mg daily for 12 weeks or matching placebo (n=58). The primary outcome measure was the change from baseline to week 12 in the Modified Motor Score, a subset of the Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale Total Motor Score. Measures of safety and tolerability included adverse events and trial completion on the assigned dosage. After 12 weeks, the treatment effect (relative to placebo, where negative values indicate improvement) of pridopidine 90 mg/day on the Modified Motor Score was -1.2 points (95% confidence interval [CI], -2.5 to 0.1 points; P = .08). The effect on the Total Motor Score was -2.8 points (95% CI, -5.4 to -0.1 points; nominal P = .04). No significant effects were seen in secondary outcome measures with any of the active dosages. Pridopidine was generally well tolerated. Although the primary analysis did not demonstrate a statistically significant treatment effect, the overall results suggest that pridopidine may improve motor function in Huntington's disease. The 90 mg/day dosage appears worthy of further study. Pridopidine was well tolerated. © 2013 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society © 2013 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society © 2013 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society. ER  - 
Subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for treatment-refractory anorexia nervosa: A phase 1 pilot trial$$$ Background Anorexia nervosa is characterised by a chronic course that is refractory to treatment in many patients and has one of the highest mortality rates of any psychiatric disorder. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has been applied to circuit-based neuropsychiatric diseases, such as Parkinson's disease and major depression, with promising results. We aimed to assess the safety of DBS to modulate the activity of limbic circuits and to examine how this might aff ect the clinical features of anorexia nervosa. Methods We did a phase 1, prospective trial of subcallosal cingulate DBS in six patients with chronic, severe, and treatment-refractory anorexia nervosa. Eligible patients were aged 20-60 years, had been diagnosed with restricting or binge-purging anorexia nervosa, and showed evidence of chronicity or treatment resistance. Patients underwent medical optimisation preoperatively and had baseline body-mass index (BMI), psychometric, and neuroimaging investigations, followed by implantation of electrodes and pulse generators for continuous delivery of electrical stimulation. Patients were followed up for 9 months after DBS activation, and the primary outcome of adverse events associated with surgery or stimulation was monitored at every follow-up visit. Repeat psychometric assessments, BMI measurements, and neuroimaging investigations were also done at various intervals. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01476540. Findings DBS was associated with several adverse events, only one of which (seizure during programming, roughly 2 weeks after surgery) was serious. Other related adverse events were panic attack during surgery, nausea, air embolus, and pain. After 9 months, three of the six patients had achieved and maintained a BMI greater than their historical baselines. DBS was associated with improvements in mood, anxiety, aff ective regulation, and anorexia nervosa-related obsessions and compulsions in four patients and with improvements in quality of life in three patients after 6 months of stimulation. These clinical benefi ts were accompanied by changes in cerebral glucose metabolism (seen in a comparison of composite PET scans at baseline and 6 months) that were consistent with a reversal of the abnormalities seen in the anterior cingulate, insula, and parietal lobe in the disorder. Interpretation Subcallosal cingulate DBS seems to be generally safe in this sample of patients with chronic and treatment-refractory anorexia nervosa. ER  - 
Methamphetamine-related psychiatric visits to an urban academic emergency department: An observational study$$$ Background: Methamphetamine, a stimulant of abuse, is associated with a significant number of Emergency Department (ED) visits. Methamphetamine use may produce psychiatric symptoms including acute psychosis, depression, and anxiety disorders. Study Objectives: To characterize psychiatric emergencies either directly or indirectly attributable to methamphetamine use in an urban academic ED. Methods: We analyzed a database of patients determined to have an ED visit that was either methamphetamine related or non-methamphetamine related. We retrospectively reviewed the records of the subset of ED visits from this database with psychiatric diagnoses. We compared the characteristics of patients with methamphetamine-related psychiatric visits (MRPVs) and non-methamphetamine-related psychiatric visits (non-MRPVs). Results: We identified 130 patients with MRPVs. This represented 7.6% (130 of 1709) of all psychiatric visits. Patients with MRPV, compared to non-MRPV patients, were younger (34.4 years vs. 39.1 years, respectively, p = 0.0005), more likely to be uninsured (55% vs. 37%, respectively, p = 0.001), and less likely to have a past history of depression (10% vs. 19%, respectively, p = 0.011). Many characteristics between the two groups (MRPV vs. non-MRPV) were similar: likelihood of patient being placed on a psychiatric hold; hospital charges; previous histories of psychiatric visits; and history of anxiety, bipolar disorder, or schizophrenia. Conclusions: Methamphetamine may be related to a significant proportion (7.6%) of psychiatric ED visits. Furthermore, patients with methamphetamine-associated psychiatric visits are younger, have lower rates of depression, are more likely to be uninsured, and are less likely to have a substance abuse-related chief complaint than patients with non-methamphetamine- associated ED psychiatric visits. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
High risk of gastrointestinal hemorrhage in patients with Epilepsy: A nationwide cohort study$$$ Objective: To examine the association between epilepsy and gastrointestinal hemorrhage. Patients and Methods: We conducted a nationwide retrospective cohort study by using data from Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database. Patients 20 years and older newly diagnosed as having epilepsy and nonepileptic adults were identified between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2003, and were observed through December 31, 2008. Cox proportional hazards models were performed to calculate adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs of gastrointestinal hemorrhage associated with epilepsy. Results: Compared with the nonepileptic group (n=449,541), epileptic patients (n=1412) had a higher incidence of gastrointestinal hemorrhage (13.4 vs 2.9 per 1000 person-years), with an HR of 2.97 (95% CI, 2.49-3.53). The HRs of gastrointestinal hemorrhage for patients with generalized epilepsy, inpatient care, emergency care, and frequent outpatient visits for epilepsy were 3.50 (95% CI, 2.59-4.72), 3.96 (95% CI, 2.85-5.50), 4.35 (95% CI, 3.15-6.01), and 4.96 (95% CI, 3.97-6.21), respectively. Risks were significantly higher in epileptic patients with mental disorders (HR, 3.20; 95% CI, 2.55-4.01), aged 70 years and older (HR, 4.08; 95% CI, 2.89-5.77), and in the first year after epilepsy (HR, 4.81; 95%, CI, 3.14-7.34). Conclusion: Epilepsy is an independent determinant for gastrointestinal hemorrhage in a chronological and severity-dependent pattern. We urge the development of an adequate surveillance policy and strategy for the early prevention of gastrointestinal hemorrhage in epileptic patients. © 2013 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research. ER  - 
Clinical features of takotsubo cardiomyopathy - A single-center experience$$$ Takotsubo cardiomyopathy (TTC), also known as transient apical ballooning syndrome or stress-induced cardiomyopathy, is a distinctive reversible condition often affecting postmenopausal women after a stressful event. It is characterized by sudden temporary systolic dysfunction of the apical and/or mid-segments of the left ventricle. The underlying mechanisms have not yet been elucidated, but several hypotheses include catecholamine cardiotoxicity, microvascular dysfunction and coronary artery spasm. We conducted a retrospective descriptive study on patients with the discharge diagnosis of TTC from 2003 to 2012 at Danbury Hospital, Danbury, Conn., USA. A total of 78 patients met the Modified Mayo Criteria for the Diagnosis of TTC and were included in the study. Clinical characteristics at baseline, past surgical and medical history including psychiatric records were reviewed and recorded. The mean age was 70.5 ± 14 years, 87% (n = 68) were women, of which 11.7% (n = 8) were aged ≤55 years. Depression was present in 20.5% (n = 16) of the patients and anxiety in 30.8% (n = 24). Twenty-one patients (27.3%) reported a preceding emotional stressful event and 31 (40.3%) had a preceding physical stressor. Fifty patients (64.1%) presented with chest pain, 28 (35.9%) had ST-segment elevation upon admission and 5 (6.3%) died during their hospital stay. TTC is becoming an increasingly recognized condition and clinicians should include it in the differential diagnosis of patients presenting with a suspected acute coronary syndrome. It is frequent in postmenopausal women with preceding physical or emotional stress and overall prognosis is good among patients who survive the initial acute phase of heart failure. ER  - 
Validation of the rowland universal dementia assessment scale for multicultural screening in danish memory clinics$$$ Background/Aims: The Rowland Universal Dementia Assessment Scale (RUDAS) is a brief cognitive screening test that was developed to detect dementia in multicultural populations. The RUDAS has not previously been validated in multicultural populations outside of Australia. The aim of this study was to evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of the RUDAS in a multicultural sample of patients referred to Danish memory clinics. Methods: Data were collected from 137 consecutive patients (34 with an immigrant background) in three Danish memory clinics. All patients were given the RUDAS as a supplement to the standard diagnostic workup. Results: Diagnostic accuracy for the RUDAS [area under the curve (AUC) = 0.838] was similar to that of the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE; AUC = 0.840). The cutoff score with the best balance of sensitivity, specificity and accuracy was <24/30 for the RUDAS (sensitivity 0.69, specificity 0.80) and <25/30 for the MMSE (sensitivity 0.76, specificity 0.83). In contrast to the MMSE, regression analyses revealed that the RUDAS was unaffected by factors related to the patients' immigrant backgrounds. Conclusion: The RUDAS showed high specificity and proved to be less affected by cultural and linguistic factors than the MMSE, making it a particularly valuable tool when screening for cognitive impairment in elderly multicultural patient populations. ER  - 
A retrospective study of diagnostic profile of adolescents attending psychiatric out patient department in a tertiary care centre in Mumbai$$$ Aims and Objectives: More and more adolescents are seeking psychiatric help. Today in U.S., one in ten children (10-19 years) suffer from mental disorders leading to impairment. Psychiatric morbidity among adolescents in other countries has been reported between 10% and 40%.There are not many Indian studies describing statistics on this. Commonest disorders diagnosed in a study by Malhotra et al. were mental retardation (18.4-33.2%), neurotic and stress related disorders (16.4-18.5%), epilepsy, organic brain disorder (7.1-15.1%), hyperkinetic and conduct disorders (8.3-17.9%). We decided to conduct the present study with following aims and objectives 1. To study socio-demographic profile of adolescents attending the psychiatric outpatient Department in a Tertiary Care Centre 2. To study diagnostic profile of these adolescent patients 3. To study stressors reported by them at the time of evaluation. Methodology: A retrospective analysis of data of adolescent patients attending psychiatric opd of Seth GS Medical college and KEM Hospital was done. Adolescent patients between 13 years and 19 years were included in the study. Data was obtained from the opd case papers of these patients during the year January 2011-December 2011. Data regarding socio-demographic profile, diagnosis, stressors, treatment advised was collected and tabulated. Frequency distribution tables were made. Appropriate statistical methods were used. Results: Results will be presented. Conclusions: Conclusions will be presented. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of lacosamide in the concomitant treatment of 130 patients under 16 years of age with refractory epilepsy: A prospective, open-label, observational, multicenter study in Spain$$$ Background: The safety and effectiveness of lacosamide, an antiepileptic drug (AED) that selectively enhances the slow inactivation of voltage-gated sodium channels without affecting rapid inactivation, has been demonstrated in randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials in adults with focal epileptic seizures. Although lacosamide is approved for use in patients over 16 years of age, limited clinical experience exists for younger patients. Objective: To assess the efficacy and tolerability of lacosamide in children with refractory epilepsy. DesignMethods: The trial was a prospective, open-label, observational, multicenter study. A total of 130 patients aged less than 16 years (range 6 months to 16 years) with refractory epilepsy who had initiated treatment with lacosamide were enrolled at 18 neuropediatric units in hospitals across Spain. Patients with a variety of etiologies were enrolled, including those with partial epilepsies and symptomatic, generalized epilepsy syndromes. Lacosamide (VIMPAT®; UCB Pharma SA, Brussels, Belgium) was primarily administered once every 12 hours as an oral solution or as an oral tablet, with an initial dose of 1-2mg/kg/day in the majority of cases. The majority of patients were also receiving stable concomitant therapy with ≥1 other AED. Treatment response to lacosamide was determined by assessing the change in seizure frequency after 3 months of lacosamide therapy. Responders were defined as patients who achieved a seizure frequency reduction of >50%. Tolerability was assessed by the reporting of adverse effects, laboratory testing, and electroencephalography recordings. Results: Lacosamide was dosed at a mean of 6.80±2.39mg/kg/day. After 3 months of lacosamide therapy, 62.3% of patients achieved a >50% reduction in seizure frequency, with complete seizure suppression being reported in 13.8% of patients. Adverse effects occurred in 39 patients (30%), but no dose-response relationship was observed in terms of these events. In ten patients, instability, difficulty walking, an inability to relate to subjective elements, and blurred vision or dizziness were reported. A total of 13 patients discontinued treatment - in five of these patients, symptom intensity remained unchanged despite dose reduction, which led to treatment discontinuation. The symptoms were markedly different in each patient, preventing determination of a causal factor(s). Conclusions: The results of this study provide preliminary evidence for the efficacy of lacosamide in children with refractory epilepsy. Further evaluation in a randomized, controlled trial is needed to validate the efficacy in this population and to fully investigate the adverse effects described here. We recommend an initial dose of 1-2mg/kg/day, uptitrated to 6-9mg/kg/day over 4-6 weeks. ER  - 
Relationship between depressive symptom severity and emergency department use among low-income, depressed homebound older adults aged 50 years and older$$$ Background: Previous research found a high prevalence of depression, along with chronic illnesses and disabilities, among older ED patients. This study examined the relationship between depressive symptom severity and the number of ED visits among low-income homebound older adults who participated in a randomized controlled trial of telehealth problem-solving therapy (PST). Methods: The number of and reasons for ED visits were collected from the study participants (n=121 at baseline) at all assessment points-baseline and 12-and 24-week follow-ups. Depressive symptoms were measured with the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD). All multivariable analyses examining the relationships between ED visits and depressive symptoms were conducted using zero-inflated Poisson regression models. Results: Of the participants, 67.7% used the ED at least once and 61% of the visitors made at least one return visit during the approximately 12-month period. Body pain (not from fall injury and not including chest pain) was the most common reason. The ED visit frequency at baseline and at follow-up was significantly positively associated with the HAMD scores at the assessment points. The ED visit frequency at follow-up, controlling for the ED visits at baseline, was also significantly associated with the HAMD score change since baseline. Conclusions: The ED visit rate was much higher than those reported in other studies. Better education on self-management of chronic conditions, depression screening by primary care physicians and ED, and depression treatment that includes symptom management and problem-solving skills may be important to reduce ED visits among medically ill, low-income homebound adults. ER  - 
Transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation for the treatment of depression: A study protocol for a double blinded randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Depressive disorders are the most common form of mental disorders in community and health care settings. Unfortunately, the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is far from satisfactory. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is a relatively new and promising physical treatment for depressive disorders. One particularly appealing element of VNS is the long-term benefit in mood regulation. However, because this intervention involves surgery, perioperative risks, and potentially significant side effects, this treatment has been limited to those patients with treatment-resistant depression who have failed medication trials and exhausted established somatic treatments for major depression, due to intolerance or lack of response.This double-blinded randomized clinical trial aims to overcome these limitations by introducing a novel method of stimulating superficial branches of the vagus nerve on the ear to treat MDD. The rationale is that direct stimulation of the afferent nerve fibers on the ear area with afferent vagus nerve distribution should produce a similar effect as classic VNS in reducing depressive symptoms without the burden of surgical intervention.Design: One hundred twenty cases (60 males) of volunteer patients with mild and moderate depression will be randomly divided into transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation group (tVNS) and sham tVNS group. The treatment period lasts 4 months and all clinical and physiological measurements are acquired at the beginning and the end of the treatment period.Discussion: This study has the potential to significantly extend the application of VNS treatment for MDD and other disorders (including epilepsy, bipolar disorder, and morbid obesity), resulting in direct benefit to the patients suffering from these highly prevalent disorders. In addition, the results of this double-blinded clinical trial will shed new light on our understanding of acupuncture point specificity, and development of methodologies in clinical trials of acupuncture treatment.Trials registration: Clinical Trials. ChiCTR-TRC-11001201 http://www.chictr.org/cn/. © 2012 Rong et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Depression and anxiety in iranian mothers of children with epilepsy$$$ Objective: Epilepsy is a common neurological disorder in children. Parents with epileptic children have many psychosocial care needs. So the main goal of this study was to evaluate depression and anxiety in Iranian mothers with epileptic children. Materials & Methods: We identified 30 mothers of children with epilepsy and 30 mothers of children without epilepsy with children aged between 8 and 12 years who met the study criteria. In all children with epilepsy, the mothers were the main caregivers and all these children lived in two-parent families. Children in the control group were in the same age. Ninety-eight percent of children in the control group lived in two-parent families with the mother as the main caregiver. All mothers fulfilled the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Spielberger State-Trait Anxiety Inventory. Results: According to these data, BDI scores were significantly higher in the mothers of epileptic children (mean of Beck score=16.5) compared to the control group (mean of Beck score=9.8). The total, Spielberger State-Trait Anxiety Inventory scores for mothers of children with epilepsy were 100.3, 51.7 and 48.6. However, these scores in the control group were 86.9, 45.1 and 41.8. These differences were statistically significant. In a second analysis, using the demographic data, we did not find any statistically significant relation between anxiety or depression and the mothers' job, children's medication and other demographic variables. Conclusion: Neurologists and psychiatrists need to develop better programs for adequate management of psychiatric disorders in mothers with epileptic children. ER  - 
Lamotrigine serum concentration in children with epilepsy$$$ The correlation between lamotrigine serum concentration, efficacy, and toxicity in children is controversial. The database of the Clinical Pharmacology Laboratory at Assaf Harofeh Medical Center was retrospectively searched to identify lamotrigine serum concentrations in children aged 2-19 years with refractory epilepsy who received lamotrigine as monotherapy or polytherapy from 2007-2010. Data collected included age at epilepsy onset, additional antiepileptic drugs, lamotrigine dose, monthly seizure frequency before and after lamotrigine treatment, and side effects. Sixty blood samples were collected from 42 children aged 10.1 ± 4.9 years (range, 2-20 years). Seizure types included complex partial (n = 28), simple partial (n = 7), absence (n = 2), and generalized tonic-clonic (n = 23). Decreased seizure frequency was observed in 38 (63.3%) patients. No correlation with lamotrigine serum concentration was evident, but seizure frequency was significantly influenced by age and lamotrigine dose. Side effects were reported in 21 (35%) patients. Only diplopia was significantly correlated with lamotrigine serum concentration. Lamotrigine was more effective at lower doses and in older children. Lamotrigine serum concentration correlated significantly with diplopia, but not with other side effects or with clinical efficacy. Overall, lamotrigine is effective and safe in children with refractory epilepsy. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Substitution monotherapy with levetiracetam vs older antiepileptic drugs: A randomized comparative trial$$$ Objective: To determine whether patients who fail their first antiepileptic drug (AED) have better neuropsychiatric and quality-of-life (QOL) outcomes if substituted to levetiracetam monotherapy compared with a second older AED. Design: Randomized comparative trial. Participants with partial epilepsy who had failed monotherapy with phenytoin sodium, carbamazepine, or valproate sodium were randomized to substitution monotherapy with levetiracetam or a different older AED. Assessments were performed at baseline, 3 months, and 12 months using questionnaires measuring neuropsychiatric, QOL, seizure control,AED adverse effects, and neurocognitive outcomes. Setting: Epilepsy service of a teaching hospital. Patients: Fifty-one patients were randomized to levetiracetam and 48 were randomized to a second older AED (25 to valproate and 23 to carbamazepine). Main Outcome Measures: Proportions showing improvements in depression (on the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale) and QOL scores (on the 89-item Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory) at 3 months. Results: There were no differences between the groups in depression scores at 3 months (improvement in 17 of 43 patients [39.5%] in the levetiracetam group and 15 of 44 patients [34.1%] in the older AED group; P =.60), but a greater proportion of the older AED group improved on the 89-item Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory compared with the levetiracetam group (27 of 38 patients [71.1%] vs 21 of 43 patients [48.8%], respectively; P =.04). The QOL, anxiety, and AED adverse effects scores were improved in both groups at 3 and 12 months after randomization. Conclusions: Substitution monotherapy in a patient experiencing ongoing seizures or tolerability issues is associated with sustained improvements in measures of QOL, psychiatric, and adverse events outcomes. Patients switched to levetiracetam do not have better outcomes than those switched to a second older AED. Trial Registration: anzctr.org.au Identifier: ACTRN12606000102572. ©2012 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Interictal psychiatric disorders in epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy can cause many different problems such as psychosocial problems except seizures. According to the temporal distribution, the psychiatric disorders which epilepsy caused can be addressed into the two main groups such as peri-ictal (preictal, ictal, postictal) and interictal. The interictal findings tend to be permanent. This study aimed to reveal interictal psychiatric disorders in detail. Totally 180 patients who are followed by our clinic for at least two years were evaluated retrospectively. Epileptic seizures are classified according to criterias of International League Against Epilepsy 1981 and Semiological Classification-1998 (Hans Lüders-Soheyl Noachtar), psychiatric disorders are classified according to criterias of DSM-IV. The cases were divided into two groups according to the presence of psychiatric disorders. The mean age was 35 ± 19 (9-87) years, female / male ratio was105/75, mean age at onset of epilepsy was 25 ± 20 years. Psychiatric disorder ratio was found 43.3% of cases. They are (in order of frequency); depression, generalized anxiety disorder, psychotic disorder, attention deficit, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder and affective disorder. Four percent of the patients had a history of attempting suicide. There was no statistical difference between the groups which psychiatric disorders detected and undetected about age, gender, seizure type, antiepileptic drugs and drugs number. Despite, there was no statistical reflection, the ratio of symptomatic epilepsy, frequent seizure and aura was relatively high in psychiatric disorder group. The most common psychiatric disorders are depression and anxiety disorders in the interictal period. This situations may even cause person commit suicide. It must be considered and measures should be taken that, psychiatric disorders can prepare a ground for several problems such as control of epileptic seizures and some psycho-socio-economic complexities. ER  - 
Wisconsin Card Sorting Test scores and clinical and sociodemographic correlates in Schizophrenia: Multiple logistic regression analysis$$$ Objectives: This study investigated what clinical and sociodemographic factors affected Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) factor scores of patients with schizophrenia to evaluate parameters or items of the WCST. Design: Cross-sectional study. Setting: Patients with schizophrenia from three hospitals participated. Participants: Participants were recruited from July 2009 to August 2011. 131 Japanese patients with schizophrenia (84 men and 47 women, 43.5±13.8 years (mean±SD)) entered and completed the study. Participants were recruited in the study if they (1) met DSM-IV criteria for schizophrenia; (2) were physically healthy and (3) had no mood disorders, substance abuse, neurodevelopmental disorders, epilepsy or mental retardation. We examined their basic clinical and sociodemographic factors (sex, age, education years, age of onset, duration of illness, chlorpromazine equivalent doses and the positive and negative syndrome scale (PANSS) scores). Primary and secondary outcome measures: All patients carried out the WCST Keio version. Five indicators were calculated, including categories achieved (CA), perseverative errors in Milner (PEM) and Nelson (PEN), total errors (TE) and difficulties of maintaining set (DMS). From the principal component analysis, we identified two factors (1 and 2). We assessed the relationship between these factor scores and clinical and sociodemographic factors, using multiple logistic regression analysis. Results: Factor 1 was mainly composed of CA, PEM, PEN and TE. Factor 2 was mainly composed of DMS. The factor 1 score was affected by age, education years and the PANSS negative scale score. The factor 2 score was affected by duration of illness. Conclusions: Age, education years, PANSS negative scale score and duration of illness affected WCST factor scores in patients with schizophrenia. Using WCST factor scores may reduce the possibility of type I errors due to multiple comparisons. ER  - 
Ziprasidone versus olanzapine in the weight gain associated with the treatment of schizophrenia: A six-month double-blind randomized parallel group study$$$ Background and Objectives: Previous data from safety analysis indicate that olanzapine can result in substantial weight gain, while no change has been observed with ziprasidone. Obesity may be a threat to health and cause subjects to discontinue their antipsychotic medication. To further evaluate the differential effects of ziprasidone and olanzapine on weight gain, a study was carried out having body weight as the primary efficacy endpoint. Methods: A six-month randomized, double-blind, parallel study was carried out in male and female subjects aged 18-70 years with a primary diagnosis of schizophrenia (DSM-IV-TR) and a clinical condition requiring treatment initiation with a new antipsy-chotic, ziprasidone or olanzapine 1:1, to assess treatment-related weight changes. Fifty patients were included. Efficacy outcomes were assessed at baseline and at weeks 1, 4, 12, 18 and 24. The primary efficacy endpoint was the percent change from baseline in body weight at week 24. Safety was also assessed. Results: At week 24, there was a significantly greater increase in body weight (7.5%, p < 0.0001) in patients treated with olanzapine than in those treated with ziprasidone and the number of subjects who had a weight gain ≥ 7% was significantly higher in the olan-zapine compared to the ziprasidone group (n = 11 [47.8%]) vs n = 3 [11.1%]; OR = 6.246, p-value = 0.0150). PANNS-N significantly decreased in both groups. Most AEs were moderate or mild in both groups. Conclusions: Olanzapine increases body weight significantly over ziprasidone at week 24. However, treatment with either ziprasidone or olanzapine improved PANSS positive, negative and general psychopathology scores and was well tolerated. ER  - 
Lack of data on depression-like states and antidepressant pharmacotherapy in patients with epilepsy: Randomised controlled trials are badly needed$$$ The prevalence of depression in patients with epilepsy (PWE) is high. To elucidate the nature of depression in PWE, a comparison was made between PWE and patients with idiopathic depression (PWID), applying 3 test batteries: Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI-II), Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D) and Buss-Perry Aggression Questionnaire (BAQ). The former 2 rating scales were developed to measure depressive symptoms, while the latter was designed to detect anger and aggressive states. As a result, the group of patients with PWE showed significantly higher BAQ scores in comparison to those with PWID. Further, the BAQ and BDI scores were closely related within a group of PWE, while BAQ and BDI scores were not correlated with each other within a group of PWID. With regard to pharmaceutical therapy, the safety of antidepressants, especially SSRIs, is well established. However, there has been only one randomized controlled trial (RCT) thus far, which failed to show a significant difference in efficacy between placebo and various antidepressants. In contrast, there are two RCTs regarding the efficacy of LTG. The clinical profile of the depressiolytic effects of LTG in PWE may be different from that of antidepressants in patients with idiopathic depression, in that BAQ is more sensitive measure than BDI or CES-D. It is now widely recognized that the failure to treat depression in PWE can result in serious consequences. However, even a fundamental question, such as whether antidepressants are as effective in this population as in PWID, remains to be answered. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Trends in alcohol-attributable hospitalisation in the Northern Territory, 1998-99 to 2008-09$$$ Objective: To examine trends in hospitalisation for alcohol-attributable conditions in the Northern Territory Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal populations between the financial years 1998-99 and 2008-09. Design and setting: Retrospective descriptive analysis of inpatient discharge data from NT public hospitals. Main outcome measures: Alcohol-attributable hospitalisation by age, sex, Aboriginality, region of residence and medical conditions, with annual time trends. Results: Annual rates of hospitalisation for alcohol-attributable conditions across the NT increased from 291.3 per 10 000 population to 460.0 per 10 000 (57.9%) among Aboriginal males and from 181.8 per 10 000 to 387.4 per 10 000 (113.1%) among Aboriginal females over the study period. The alcoholattributable hospitalisation rate also increased from 58.8 per 10000 population to 87.4 per 10000 (48.6%) among non-Aboriginal males and from 16.8 per 10 000 to 37.2 per 10 000 (121.4%) among non-Aboriginal females. Alcoholattributable hospitalisation rates among Aboriginal people living in Central Australia were much higher than in the Top End. In Central Australia, the rates for Aboriginal females increased throughout the study period, but for Aboriginal males declined from 2004-05 onwards. Conclusion: Rates of hospitalisation for alcohol-attributable conditions were high among NT Aboriginal people and increased during the study period. Although not statistically significant, the moderation in rates among Central Australian Aboriginal males after 2004-05 is encouraging. This apparent improvement is consistent with another recent study and provides tentative support that recent policy changes and interventions may be having an impact. The results of this study highlight the burden of alcohol use in the NT and emphasise the need for ongoing investment in comprehensive alcoholmanagement programs. ER  - 
Cognitive delay in children with tuberous sclerosis in a developing country: Clinical correlations$$$ Cognitive delay is a frequent neurobehavioral manifestation in children with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). This study aimed to determine the relationships between cognitive delay with respect to seizure characteristics, interictal electroencephalography (EEG) changes, behavioral abnormalities and brain tubers' count and location. This study included 24 children with TSC with a mean age of 6.2 ± 2.55 yr. Children underwent clinical, psychometric, interictal EEG and magnetic resonance imaging or magnetic resonance imaging of the brain. Nearly 58.33% of children had cognitive delay and 45.83% had autism. Compared to children without cognitive delay, children with cognitive delay were younger (P < 0.01), had higher frequencies of seizures (particularly infantile spasms with onset predominantly below 6 mo of age) (P < 0.01), severe epileptogenic EEG changes, high tuber burden (particularly in the left hemisphere with frontal and temporal predominance) (P < 0.01) and frequent behavioral abnormalities as autism (P < 0.001) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorders (P < 0.05). Cognitive scores were correlated with age of seizures' onset (r = 0.432, P = 0.01), presence of infantile spasms (r = -0.675, P = 0.001), autism (r = -0.350, P = 0.05), and number of brain tubers (r = -0.865, P = 0.0001) but non correlated to age nor gender. In multivariate analysis, only the age of seizure onset (odds ratio 1.90; 95% confidence interval 1.02 to 3.55, P = 0.044) and the number of brain tubers (odds ratio 2.36; 95% confidence interval 0.95 to 5.81; P = 0.06) increased the odds for cognitive delay among TSC patients. The knowledge of the clinical features of TSC can help in early diagnosis and management of patients with a multidisciplinary consultation. © 2012 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Retrospective analysis of efficacy and tolerability of Keppra XR in an outpatient setting$$$ Keppra XR - Extended release (levetiracetam extended-release tablets) recently became available for use as an add-on to other antiepileptic treatments for people with partial onset seizures who were 16 years of age and older as of September 2008. There is limited data about its efficacy and tolerability at the present time. We retrospectively analyzed data from 25 epilepsy patients who received Keppra XR ranging from 500 - 3000 mg per day as standard once a day dosing. The mean age was 33.8 years. 19 (76%) patients have partial and 6 (24%) have generalized epilepsy. In 17 (68%) patients, Keppra XR was used as monotherapy and in 8 (40 %) as adjunctive therapy. A favorable response to Keppra XR was seen in 21 (84%) patients in terms of efficacy. No major side-effects were reported. However, Keppra XR was tapered off in 4 subjects secondary to dizziness, somnolence and lack of efficacy. From our limited retrospective analysis, Keppra XR was also found to be effective as a monotherapy. ER  - 
Screening symptoms of depression and suicidal ideation in people with epilepsy using the Beck depression inventory$$$ Objective: To measure the severity of symptoms of depression and suicidal ideation in people with epilepsy (PWE) before and after epilepsy surgery using the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). We aimed to determine the factors associated to depression in PWE. Methods: PWE, regardless of epilepsy type, seizure type, duration or frequency of seizures, and AEDs were investigated. The sample (n=468) was divided into two groups: pre-operatory (n=346) and pos-operatory (n=122). Results: Before epilepsy surgery female gender, unemployment and high seizure frequency were associated factors for the occurrence of symptoms of depression. After epilepsy surgery, the only factor associated to high level of depression symptoms was the lack of seizure remission. Suicidal ideation was associated to seizure frequency before and after epilepsy surgery. Conclusion: Our results confirm the generally held view that depression is common in PWE and provide further insight to the association of depression with certain socio-demographic and seizure-related factors before and after epilepsy surgery. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental model of schizophrenia: Update 2012$$$ The neurodevelopmental model of schizophrenia, which posits that the illness is the end state of abnormal neurodevelopmental processes that started years before the illness onset, is widely accepted, and has long been dominant for childhood-onset neuropsychiatric disorders. This selective review updates our 2005 review of recent studies that have impacted, or have the greatest potential to modify or extend, the neurodevelopmental model of schizophrenia. Longitudinal whole-population studies support a dimensional, rather than categorical, concept of psychosis. New studies suggest that placental pathology could be a key measure in future prenatal high-risk studies. Both common and rare genetic variants have proved surprisingly diagnostically nonspecific, and copy number variants (CNVs) associated with schizophrenia are often also associated with autism, epilepsy and intellectual deficiency. Large post-mortem gene expression studies and prospective developmental multi-modal brain imaging studies are providing critical data for future clinical and high-risk developmental brain studies. Whether there can be greater molecular specificity for phenotypic characterization is a subject of current intense study and debate, as is the possibility of neuronal phenotyping using human pluripotent-inducible stem cells. Biological nonspecificity, such as in timing or nature of early brain development, carries the possibility of new targets for broad preventive treatments. © 2012 Macmillan Publishers Limited. ER  - 
Clinical and imaging features of the room tilt illusion$$$ Room tilt illusion (RTI) is a transient disorder of the environmental visuo-spatial perception consisting of paroxysmal tilts of the visual scene. It is attributed to an erroneous cortical mismatch of the visual and vestibular three-dimensional coordinate maps. Thirteen subjects were included in this retrospective case series. Clinical presentation was 1808 rotation of the visual scene following the coronal plane in seven patients. The most common cause for RTI in our series was posterior circulation ischaemia (five cases). Cases of endolymphatic sac tumour, critical illness neuropathy, acute traumatic myelopathy and multiple system atrophy causing RTI are reported for the first time. No case of supratentorial focal lesion was found. In order to describe the clinical and imaging features of RTI, 135 cases previously reported in the literature were reviewed along with our series. There was a male predominance (60.2 %). Mean age was 51.2 ± 20.3 years. The most common location of the injury was the central nervous system (CNS) (61.4 %). Supratentorial and infratentorial structures accounted for the same frequency of lesions. The most common aetiology was cerebral ischaemia (infarction or transient ischaemic episode; 27.7 %). These patients were significantly older and their lesions commonly involved posterior fossa structures when compared to patients with non-vascular disorders. In summary, RTI is a manifestation of several CNS and vestibular disorders, and rarely of peripheral nervous system disorders, triggered by disruption of vestibular and sensory perception or integration. Cerebral ischaemic disorders are the most common aetiology for this rare syndrome. © Springer-Verlag 2012. ER  - 
Oral lixivaptan effectively increases serum sodium concentrations in outpatients with euvolemic hyponatremia$$$ Hyponatremia is the most common electrolyte disorder in clinical practice. Its incidence increases with age and it is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Recently, the vaptans, antagonists of the arginine vasopressin pathway, have shown promise for safe treatment of hyponatremia. Here we evaluated the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of oral lixivaptan, a selective vasopressin V2-receptor antagonist, for treatment of nonhospitalized individuals with euvolemic hyponatremia (sodium less than 135 mmol/l) in a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase III study. About half of the 206 patients were elderly in a chronic care setting. Of these patients, 52 were given a placebo and 154 were given 25-100 mg per day lixivaptan, titrated based on the daily serum sodium measurements. Compared with placebo (0.8 mmol/l), the serum sodium concentration significantly increased by 3.2 mmol/l from baseline to day 7 (primary efficacy endpoint) with lixivaptan treatment. A significantly greater proportion of patients that received lixivaptan achieved normal serum sodium (39.4%) by day 7 relative to placebo (12.2%). Overall, lixivaptan was considered safe and well-tolerated. Thus, oral lixivaptan can be safely initiated in the outpatient setting and effectively increases serum sodium concentrations in outpatients with euvolemic hyponatremia. © 2012 International Society of Nephrology. ER  - 
Family-based and case-control study of glutamate receptor grik3 ser310ala polymorphism in alcohol dependence$$$ Aim: The aim of this study was to evaluate the role of the glutamate receptor subunit-7 (GluR7, GRIK 3) rs6691840 (Ser310Ala, T928G) in the pathogenesis of alcohol dependence (AD). Methods: DNA was provided from AD patients (n = 209) and healthy control subjects (n = 308) all of Polish descent. The history of alcoholism was obtained using the Polish version of the SSAGA (Semi-Structured Assessment for the Genetics of Alcoholism). We conducted case-control association study and transmission disequilibrium test (TDT). GRIK3 functional polymorphism was genotyped by the PCR-RFLP method. Results: Analyses revealed that polymorphism Ser310Ala of GRIK3 gene is not associated with AD or any of its subgroups. TDT reveled an adequate transmission of both alleles in the group of alcohol families. Conclusions: These findings replicate and extend our previous research results that do not support the hypothesis of the role of rs6691840 in the pathogenesis of AD. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Pallidal deep brain stimulation in patients with primary generalised or segmental dystonia: 5-year follow-up of a randomised trial$$$ Background: Severe forms of primary dystonia are difficult to manage medically. We assessed the safety and efficacy of pallidal neurostimulation in patients with primary generalised or segmental dystonia prospectively followed up for 5 years in a controlled multicentre trial. Methods: In the parent trial, 40 patients were randomly assigned to either sham neurostimulation or neurostimulation of the internal globus pallidus for a period of 3 months and thereafter all patients completed 6 months of active neurostimulation. 38 patients agreed to be followed up annually after the activation of neurostimulation, including assessments of dystonia severity, pain, disability, and quality of life. The primary endpoint of the 5-year follow-up study extension was the change in dystonia severity at 3 years and 5 years as assessed by open-label ratings of the Burke-Fahn-Marsden dystonia rating scale (BFMDRS) motor score compared with the preoperative baseline and the 6-month visit. The primary endpoint was analysed on an intention-to-treat basis. The original trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT00142259). Findings: An intention-to-treat analysis including all patients from the parent trial showed significant improvements in dystonia severity at 3 years and 5 years compared with baseline, which corresponded to -20·8 points (SD 17·1; -47·9%; n=40) at 6 months; -26·5 points (19·7; -61·1%; n=31) at 3 years; and -25·1 points (21·3; -57·8%; n=32). The improvement from 6 months to 3 years (-5·7 points [SD 8·4]; -34%) was significant and sustained at the 5-year follow-up (-4·3 [10·4]). 49 new adverse events occurred between 6 months and 5 years. Dysarthria and transient worsening of dystonia were the most common non-serious adverse events. 21 adverse events were rated serious and were almost exclusively device related. One patient attempted suicide shortly after the 6-month visit during a depressive episode. All serious adverse events resolved without permanent sequelae. Interpretation: 3 years and 5 years after surgery, pallidal neurostimulation continues to be an effective and relatively safe treatment option for patients with severe idiopathic dystonia. This long-term observation provides further evidence in favour of pallidal neurostimulation as a first-line treatment for patients with medically intractable, segmental, or generalised dystonia. Funding: Medtronic. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and chronic pain: A retrospective case-controlled study$$$ Purpose: Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) can be challenging to diagnose, but certain clinical features can help to distinguish PNES from epileptic seizures. The purpose of this study is to assess chronic pain and prescribed pain medication use in PNES patients. Methods: A case-controlled, retrospective analysis was performed examining pain medication use in 85 PNES patients versus an active control group of 85 patients with idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE). Results: Chronic pain was more frequent among PNES patients (N = 40) than active controls (N = 10) (p. <0.0001). Reported use of prescription pain medication was higher among PNES patients (N = 20) versus active controls (N = 6) (p = 0.0048). The Positive Predictive Value of prescription pain medications for PNES patients was 76.9%. Opioid use in the PNES population was higher compared with active controls (p = 0.0096). When excluding patients with a dual diagnosis of PNES and epilepsy from the latter two analyses and comparing these results to those that included this patient population, no statistically significant difference in results was found. Conclusions: Patients with PNES are more likely than those with IGE to report chronic pain disorders. A history of chronic pain and opioid use among patients with seizures raises the possibility of PNES. Among patients with PNES and chronic pain, a psychogenic etiology for pain and non-opiate pain management strategies should be considered. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Comparison of the neurocognitive effects between acute course magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy: A preliminary report$$$ Background: Neurotherapeutic interventions are presently in development for the treatment of major affective disorders. One such novel technique is magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which uses magnetic pulses to induce a therapeutic convulsive seizure. This strategy capitalizes upon the established safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and antidepressant efficacy of tonic-clonic seizures as induced with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). MST is hypothesized to be a safe and effective antidepressant strategy for patients with major affective disorders. Indeed, preclinical and clinical evidence has substantiated that MST produces little to no physiological or neurocognitive adverse effects. Also, clinical evidence in the form of case reports and series, as well as controlled clinical trials, has documented decreased depression severity after an acute MST course. To date, studies with MST stimulus doses with up to 600 pulses have been reported, and there is limited data regarding its safety when administered at higher doses (e.g., 1000 pulses). Increasing the number of stimulus pulses improves the anti depressant efficacy in ECT, and a similar trend may exist in MST. However, evidence from ECT studies clearly show that higher doses may result in increased adverse neurocognitive effects. Therefore, information regarding MST administration at higher doses is critical to guide the development of this intervention, and inform its safety profile. Thus, the purpose of this study was to compare the neurocognitive effects of high-dose MST and standard ECT in patients with a current major depressive episode. Methods: This was a three-center, between-subject, randomized, double-masked controlled clinical trial that compared the neurocognitive effects of high dose MST and ultra-brief pulse RUL ECT. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. The study was conducted under a US FDA IDE. Adults with a major depressive episode in the context of unipolar or bipolar depression, based on the SCID-I, were randomly assigned to treatment with MST or ECT. For MST, a Magstim Theta device with a round coil positioned on the vertex was used to administer the stimulus. Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by incrementing the train duration, and subsequent treatments were provided at maximal device output (100% maximal pulse amplitude, 100Hz pulse repetition frequency, 10 second (1000 pulses) train duration). For ECT, treatments were provided via standard RUL electrode configuration, 800mA pulse amplitude, and ultra-brief pulse width (0.3ms). Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by incrementing the train duration and frequency, and subsequent treatments were provided at 6' the seizure threshold charge. Patients were treated until they achieved remission (<8 on the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression) or received a maximum of 14 MST or ECT sessions. To assess neurocognitive effects, we used a comprehensive battery of standard measures to assess domains of global cognitive function, processing speed, attention, anterograde learning and memory, retrograde memory, and executive function. Trained neuropsychometricians, masked to treatment condition, administered the neurocognitive battery before and after the acute treatment course. Raw scores on each neurocognitive measure were converted into demographic- adjusted standard scores. Summary statistics were used to describe the sociodemographic and clinical characteristics of the study cohort. Means and standard deviations are presented for continuous variables; percentages are presented for discrete variables. Repeated measure ANCOVAs were computed for each neurocognitive variable with time point (baseline, end) as the repeated factor, treatment condition (MST, ECT) as the between-subject factor, and study center as the covariate. Post-hoc analyses were computed for significant main effects or interactions. Statistical significance was defined as a two-sided p-value of less than 0.05. Conclusions: This study contributes to an emerging body of evidence regarding the development of magnetic seizure therapy as a novel neurotherapeutic intervention for the treatment of major affective disorders. ER  - 
Melatonin for sleep problems in children with neurodevelopmental disorders: Randomised double masked placebo controlled trial$$$ Objective: To assess the effectiveness and safety of melatonin in treating severe sleep problems in children with neurodevelopmental disorders. Design: 12 week double masked randomised placebo controlled phase III trial. Setting: 19 hospitals across England and Wales. Participants: 146 children aged 3 years to 15 years 8 months were randomised. They had a range of neurological and developmental disorders and a severe sleep problem that had not responded to a standardised sleep behaviour advice booklet provided to parents four to six weeks before randomisation. A sleep problem was defined as the child not falling asleep within one hour of lights out or having less than six hours' continuous sleep. Interventions: Immediate release melatonin or matching placebo capsules administered 45 minutes before the child's bedtime for a period of 12 weeks. All children started with a 0.5 mg capsule, which was increased through 2 mg, 6 mg, and 12 mg depending on their response to treatment. Main outcome measures: Total sleep time at night after 12 weeks adjusted for baseline recorded in sleep diaries completed by the parent. Secondary outcomes included sleep onset latency, assessments of child behaviour, family functioning, and adverse events. Sleep was measured with diaries and actigraphy. Results: Melatonin increased total sleep time by 22.4 minutes (95% confidence interval 0.5 to 44.3 minutes) measured by sleep diaries (n=110) and 13.3 (-15.5 to 42.2) measured by actigraphy (n=59). Melatonin reduced sleep onset latency measured by sleep diaries (-37.5 minutes, -55.3 to -19.7 minutes) and actigraphy (-45.3 minutes, -68.8 to -21.9 minutes) and was most effective for children with the longest sleep latency (P=0.009). Melatonin was associated with earlier waking times than placebo (29.9 minutes, 13.6 to 46.3 minutes). Child behaviour and family functioning outcomes showed some improvement and favoured use of melatonin. Adverse events were mild and similar between the two groups. Conclusions: Children gained little additional sleep on melatonin; though they fell asleep significantly faster, waking times became earlier. Child behaviour and family functioning outcomes did not significantly improve. Melatonin was tolerable over this three month period. Comparisons with slow release melatonin preparations or melatonin analogues are required. Trial registration ISRCT No 05534585. ER  - 
Systemic treatment of vitreous inflammation$$$ Non infectious vitreous inflammation is often vision threatening and can be associated with potentially life-threatening systemic conditions. Treatment is often challenging as it involves systemic medications that can be associated with adverse effects. The classes of drugs are ever expanding and include corticosteroids, antimetabolites, alkylating agents, T-cell and calcineurin agents, biologic agents, and interferons. Each class of systemic therapy for non-infectious vitreous inflammation is reviewed. We discuss the mechanisms of action, usual clinical dosages, the specific conditions that are treated, the adverse effects, and usual course of treatment for each class of therapy. © 2012 John B. Christoforidis et al. ER  - 
Lamotrigine augmentation of serotonin reuptake inhibitors in treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ The present 16-week double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial had the aim to explore the efficacy of lamotrigine add-on pharmacotherapy on clinical symptomatology and cognitive functioning in a sample of patients with treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) receiving serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs). After clinical and neurocognitive assessments, patients were randomly allocated to receive, in a double-blind design, 100 mg/day of lamotrigine or a placebo. A final sample of 33 patients completed the study. The results obtained indicate that lamotrigine added to stable SRI treatment substantially improved obsessive-compulsive (Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale: obsessions, p < 0.0001; compulsions, p < 0.0001; total score, p < 0.0001), and affective symptoms (Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression p < 0.0001). Regarding cognitive functions, improvement was observed only in Semantic Fluency (p = 0.004). The findings provide evidence that lamotrigine augmentation of SRI treatment is well tolerated and may be proposed as an effective therapeutic strategy to improve outcome in treatment-resistant OCD. © The Author(s) 2012. ER  - 
Economic differences in direct and indirect costs between people with epilepsy and without epilepsy$$$ OBJECTIVE: To provide generalizable estimates of economic burden in epilepsy and nonepilepsy populations and a comprehensive accounting for employment-based lost productivity associated with epilepsy in current US health care systems as compared with other chronic diseases. RESEARCH DESIGN: We use the nationally representative data source (Medical Expenditure Panel Survey) from 1998 to 2009 to create a retrospective cohort of people diagnosed with epilepsy by a health professional and a comparison cohort of people with no epilepsy. MEASURES: Health care utilization and direct costs for all components of treatment, including prescription medications, wages, employment, educational attainment, family income, and lost productivity were outcomes. RESULTS: We observed economic disparities associated with epilepsy in the United States despite high rates of modern treatments (89% on anticonvulsant therapies). Only 42% of the people with epilepsy over age 18 reported employment compared with 70% of people with no epilepsy; among those, people with epilepsy reported missing an average of 12 days of work because of illness or injury as compared with 4 days in the nonepilepsy cohort. Holding other variables constant, people with epilepsy had a loss of productivity of $9504 in 2011 dollars compared with people with no epilepsy. In comparison, diabetes was associated with annual average lost productivity valued at $3358 and depression at $3182. CONCLUSIONS: Lost wage-based productivity associated with epilepsy was nearly equal to combined wage losses associated with diabetes, depression, anxiety, and asthma together. To evaluate societal burden of illness, results illustrate the importance of indirect costs in addition to treated prevalence and direct medical costs. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
The yield and clinical utility of outpatient short-term video-electroencephalographic monitoring: A five-year retrospective study$$$ Outpatient short-term video-electroencephalographic monitoring (OVEM) is recognized as a useful tool in the diagnosis of epilepsy and other paroxysmal disorders. The aim of this retrospective study was to determine the diagnostic yield of OVEM. We analyzed 175 OVEM records of adults (111 females and 64 males) referred over a period of 5. years. The mean length of recording was 3.8. h. The highest yield was found in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) (37.1%), followed by interictal epileptiform discharges (17.2%), and epileptic seizures (6.9%). The provisional diagnosis was epilepsy in 77.7% and PNES in 22.3% before the test. Outpatient short-term video-electroencephalographic monitoring changed the pre-test diagnosis in 30.9% of patients. Outpatient short-term video-electroencephalographic monitoring is a useful diagnostic test for PNES. It has a higher yield for PNES than epilepsy. © 2012. ER  - 
Dissociative experiences and quality of life in patients with non-epileptic attack disorder$$$ Dissociative experiences are commonly reported by patients with non-epileptic attack disorder (NEAD). This cross-sectional study examined the prevalence and characteristics of dissociative experiences in patients with NEAD and assessed their association with health-related quality of life (HRQoL). Fifty-three patients diagnosed with NEAD were consecutively recruited (70.0% female, mean age = 42. years, 22.0% with comorbid epilepsy) from a specialist neuropsychiatric clinic. Our sample reported high levels of dissociative experiences, with 36.7% of patients scoring ≥30 on the Dissociative Experiences Scale (DES). Significant negative correlations were found between total DES scores and HRQoL, as measured by the QOLIE-31 questionnaire (r=-0.64, p<0.001). This association remained significant when accounting for symptoms of depression and anxiety, other psychiatric comorbidities, and attack frequency and severity. These findings suggest a high prevalence of dissociative experiences in this patient population, highlighting the importance of routinely screening patients for dissociative symptoms and their impact on patients' lives. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
The effect of hyponatremia on the outcome of patients after orthotopic liver transplantation$$$ Predicting the prognosis of cirrhotic patients is considered to achieve a fair allocation among patients awaiting orthotopic liver transplantation (OLT). Serum sodium (Na) concentrations are associated with reduced survival among patients with cirrhosis. The mortality risk of cirrhotic patients, as defined by the Model for End-Stage Liver Disease (MELD) score, is considered to be higher in hyponatremic patients. The aim of this study was to record complications and outcomes of severely hyponatremic patients after OLT. We retrospectively studied 75 recipients of OLT over the last 3 years. Hyponatremic patients showed lower 30-day and intensive care unit (ICU) survivals (P =.022 and.028, respectively), higher rates of neurological complications (P =.038), renal failure (P =.001), and prolonged duration of mechanical ventilation (P =.000) and ICU stay (P =.000). Severe hyponatremia was related to a greater risk for neurological and renal complications after OLT. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Socioeconomic deprivation and associated risk factors of traumatic brain injury in children$$$ BACKGROUND: This study aimed to investigate the relative risks of low income (family socioeconomic deprivation) and associated factors for traumatic brain injury (TBI) in children. METHODS: Using Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database and adjusting the covariates, we conducted a population-based case-control study analyzing 8,291 pediatric patients, aged 0 year to 17 years, diagnosed with TBI, and 33,164 sex- and age-matched controls to study the association of low income and TBI. The relative risks of TBI for socioeconomically deprived children with various coexisted medical conditions were evaluated. RESULTS: After adjustment, pediatric population with low income were at increased risk of TBI (odds ratio [OR], 1.71; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.52-1.92). Among the coexisting medical conditions, low-income pediatric population with mental disorders had significantly increased TBI risk when compared with matched controls (adjusted OR, 1.99; 95% CI, 1.51-2.63). Increased risk of TBI was also found in low-income children with epilepsy when compared with children of regular family income (adjusted OR, 3.11; 95% CI, 1.65-5.86). The adjusted OR of TBI for low-income children with mental disorders and epilepsy was as high as 4.45 (95% CI, 1.96-10.1). Among TBI patients, low-income children who had epilepsy were at significantly higher risk of post-TBI intracranial hemorrhage when compared with controls (OR, 10.6; 95% CI, 3.30-33.9). CONCLUSION: We found a significantly increased risk of TBI in socioeconomically deprived children, particularly among children with mental disorders, epilepsy, or both. Low-income children should be considered for special attention to reduce TBI risk and post-TBI morbidities. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Prognostic study, level III. © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
National trends in pediatric use of anticonvulsants$$$ Objective: This research study aimed to assess national trends in pediatric use of anticonvulsants for seizures and psychiatric disorders. Methods: In a cross-sectional design, data from the National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey and the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey were analyzed. Outpatient visit information for youths (ages 0-17 years) was grouped by year for 1996-1997, 2000-2001, 2004-2005, and 2008-2009. Six of the most common anticonvulsant drugs used for psychiatric conditions were examined. Psychiatric diagnoses and seizure or convulsion diagnoses were identified with ICD-9-CM codes. The primary outcome measure was percentage prevalence of visits for anticonvulsants that included a psychiatric diagnosis as a proportion of total youth visits for an anticonvulsant. Total, diagnosis-stratified, and drugspecific visits, as well as visits for concomitant anticonvulsants and psychotropics, were analyzed. Results: As a proportion of total youth visits for anticonvulsants, visits with a psychiatric diagnosis increased 1.7 fold (p<.001), whereas the proportion of seizure-related visits did not change significantly. Regardless of diagnosis, anticonvulsant use significantly increased, from .33% to .68% of total youth visits in the 14-year period. There were significant increases in anticonvulsant use to treat pediatric bipolar disorder and disruptive behavior disorders. Visits noting divalproex decreased while visits noting lamotrigine increased among visits involving a psychiatric diagnosis. The concomitant use of stimulants and anticonvulsants significantly increased in visits noting a psychiatric diagnosis. Conclusions: Whereas anticonvulsant use for seizure disorders across the 14-year period was stable, the use of these drugs for psychiatric conditions rose to a dominant position. The growth of concomitant and off-label use to treat behavioral disorders raises questions about effectiveness and safety in community populations of youths. ER  - 
Demographic, socioeconomic, and psychological factors related to medication non-adherence among emergency department patients$$$ Background: Many Emergency Department (ED) visits are related to medication non-adherence; however, the contributing factors are poorly understood. Objectives: To explore the relative contributions of demographic, socioeconomic, and psychological factors to medication non-adherence in an ED population. Methods: This was a cross-sectional analysis enrolling patients with one of three illnesses requiring chronic medication usage (hypertension, diabetes, or seizures). Trained research associates administered a 60-item survey that assessed demographic and socioeconomic information, as well as a variety of psychological factors potentially relevant to adherence (health attitudes, health beliefs, depression, anxiety, social support, and locus of control). Patients rated their overall prescription medication adherence and estimated the number of days in the preceding month on which doses were missed. In addition, treating physicians estimated the degree to which the ED visit was related to medication non-adherence; clinical data were abstracted to help validate patient and physician assessments. The relationships between non-adherence and demographic, socioeconomic, and psychological variables were explored using multivariate statistics and logistic regression. Covariance analysis was performed to validate subscales, and receiver-operator curves were used to define optimal threshold values. Results: A total of 472 patients consented to participate, with good representation for various demographic and socioeconomic groups. Each psychological factor related significantly to both patient and physician ratings of non-adherence (p < 0.05). Of all demographic and socioeconomic factors examined, only current or historical drug use predicted non-adherence. Conclusions: Psychological factors seem to be important determinants of medication non-adherence among ED patients. These data may help define future research directions and interventions. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Integration of autologous dendritic cell-based immunotherapy in the standard of care treatment for patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma: Results of the HGG-2006 phase I/II trial$$$ Purpose Dendritic cell (DC)-based tumor vaccination has rendered promising results in relapsed high-grade glioma patients. In the HGG-2006 trial (EudraCT 2006-002881- 20), feasibility, toxicity, and clinical efficacy of the full integration of DC-based tumor vaccination into standard postoperative radiochemotherapy are studied in 77 patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma. Patients and methods Autologous DC are generated after leukapheresis, which is performed before the start of radiochemotherapy. Four weekly induction vaccines are administered after the 6-week course of concomitant radiochemotherapy. During maintenance chemotherapy, 4 boost vaccines are given. Feasibility and progression-free survival (PFS) at 6 months (6mo-PFS) are the primary end points. Overall survival (OS) and immune profiling, rather than monitoring, as assessed in patients' blood samples, are the secondary end points. Analysis has been done on intentto- treat basis. Results The treatment was feasible without major toxicity. The 6mo-PFS was 70.1 % from inclusion. Median OS was 18.3 months. Outcome improved significantly with lower EORTC RPA classification. Median OS was 39.7, 18.3, and 10.7 months for RPA classes III, IV, and V, respectively. Patients with a methylated MGMT promoter had significantly better PFS (p = 0.0027) and OS (p = 0.0082) as compared to patients with an unmethylated status. Exploratory "immunological profiles" were built to compare to clinical outcome, but no statistical significant evidence wasfound for these profiles to predict clinical outcome. Conclusion Full integration of autologous DC-based tumor vaccination into standard postoperative radiochemotherapy for newly diagnosed glioblastoma seems safe and possibly beneficial. These results were used to power the currently running phase IIb randomized clinical trial. © Springer-Verlag 2012. ER  - 
Feasibility of screening for and treating vitamin D deficiency in forensic psychiatric inpatients$$$ Neuroleptic and anti-epileptic medication, inadequate vitamin D intake and limited solar exposure increase the risk of vitamin D deficiency in high security psychiatric environments. Of the 33 inpatients (40% selected; 21% of hospital population) completing this cross-sectional study, 36% had insufficient and 58% deficient vitamin D. Five patients with vitamin D deficiency had secondary hyperparathyroidism, two of whom had osteopenia on dual-emission X-ray absorptiometry. At 1-year follow up, of the 31 patients eligible, 15 had accepted and continued supplements. Systematic screening is therefore necessary due to mental health and consent issues. Implications of supplementation and grounds access are discussed. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd and Faculty of Forensic and Legal Medicine. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Outcome of children with hyperventilation-induced high-amplitude rhythmic slow activity with altered awareness$$$ Hyperventilation-induced high-amplitude rhythmic slow activity with altered awareness (HIHARS) is increasingly being identified in children and is thought to be an age-related non-epileptic electrographic phenomenon. We retrospectively investigated the clinical outcome in 15 children (six males, nine females) with HIHARS (mean age 7y, SD 1y 11mo; range 4y 6mo-11y). The presenting feature in 11 cases was blank spells - two of these children also had generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) - and in one individual the main concern was deteriorating school performance. Three children had symptoms suggestive of focal motor seizures. Of the nine children presenting solely with blank spells, further follow-up (mean duration 18mo, SD 21mo) revealed full resolution of symptoms in six, but three had persistent symptoms. In our study, the symptoms of children with HIHARS presenting with blank spells in isolation appeared to resolve spontaneously and did not evolve into convulsive seizures or other paroxysmal events considered to be clearly epileptic. Children (with HIHARS) who presented with clinical features suggestive of GTCS or focal motor seizures (with or without blank spells) and/or had epileptiform discharges on interictal electroencephalography were subsequently diagnosed with epilepsy. © The Authors. Developmental Medicine & Child Neurology © 2012 Mac Keith Press. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of ezogabine (retigabine) in adults with refractory partial-onset seizures: Interim results from two ongoing open-label studies$$$ Interim results of two open-label extension studies assessed ezogabine/retigabine safety and tolerability for partial-onset seizures. At data cutoff, 336 (60%) patients received ≥12 months' open-label ezogabine/retigabine. The most common TEAEs included dizziness (22%), somnolence (19%), headache (14%), and fatigue (10%). Change in seizure frequency from baseline (median reduction, 53%) and responder rate (52.5%) was maintained in patients remaining on ezogabine/retigabine. Continuous 6-month and 12-month seizure-free rates for ezogabine/retigabine exposures ≥12 months were 13.1% and 7.1%, respectively. © 2012. ER  - 
Presentation, management, and outcome of elderly patients with newly-diagnosed anaplastic astrocytoma$$$ Few studies have assessed the presentation, management, and outcome of anaplastic astrocytoma (AA) in elderly patients in the temozolomide era. We retrospectively reviewed 42 consecutive patients aged >65 years with newly-diagnosed AA who underwent surgical resection or biopsy between 2003 and 2008. Median age and KPS score were 73 years (range, 66-88) and 80 (range, 50-90), respectively. Thirty-two patients (76 %) presented with focal deficits. Twenty patients (48 %) experienced seizures before surgery. Tumor enhanced diffusely in 24 patients (57 %) and sparsely in 18 patients (43 %). Biopsy (79 %) was more common than resection. Post-operatively, new persistent neurological deficits and hemorrhage were seen in two (4.8 %) and three (7.1 %) patients, respectively. Complete follow-up data regarding adjuvant treatment was available in 31 patients. Sixteen patients (52 %) received temozolomide and radiation therapy (RT), while nine patients (29 %) received RT alone. Chemotherapy-related grade 3/4 hematologic complication rate was 17.6 %. Median overall survival (OS) was 6.5 months (12 months with resection; 3.5 months with biopsy). Resection (P = 0.007, risk ratio = 0.21) and sparse enhancement (P = 0.007, risk ratio = 0.13) were associated with longer OS in multivariate analysis. Similarly, chemoradiation was associated with longer survival compared to RT alone (OS: P = 0.01, progression-free survival (PFS): P = 0.02) after adjusting for age, KPS, enhancement, and surgery. Resection was associated with longer survival among elderly patients with AA, although this could reflect selection bias. Similarly, adding chemotherapy to RT was associated with prolonged survival but carried important complication risks. In appropriately selected AA patients, aggressive treatments with radical resection and chemoradiation may be appropriate even in this age group. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Chemosensitized radiosurgery for recurrent brain metastases$$$ Temozolomide is known to penetrate the blood-brain barrier and sensitize brain tumors to radiation and has been used clinically to sensitize fractionated external beam radiotherapy. However, there are limited prospective clinical data available on the safety of temozolomide as a chemosensitizing agent administered with stereotactic radiosurgery. This is a phase I trial of previously irradiated patients with one to four progressive brain metastases and Karnofsky performance scale score ≥60 % enrolled in three sequential cohorts: temozolomide 100, 150 or 200 mg/(m2 day) administered for 5 days. Stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) was administered on day 5. The SRS dose was dependent on target diameter: 15 Gy (31-40 mm), 18 Gy (21-30 mm) or 21 Gy (<20 mm). The primary endpoint was safety of increasing temozolomide doses. Secondary endpoints included local control and survival. 26 subjects were enrolled and 49 total metastatic lesions were treated. The median number of brain metastases was 1.5, with a median target diameter of 21 mm. The most common grade 1-2 adverse events irrespective of causality were vomiting (23 %), nausea (23 %), edema (12 %), seizure (8 %), psychosis (4 %) and thrombocytopenia (4 %). The frequency of nausea and vomiting did not appear to be dose-dependent. Grade 3-4 toxicities were not observed. Median overall survival was 10.2 months. Crude local control was 87.5 %, with a radiological response seen in eight of 24 evaluable patients (33.3 %), and stable disease >6 months in 13 of 24 patients (54.2 %). Temozolomide, at doses up to 200 mg/(m 2 day) × 5 days, prior to SRS is well tolerated, with no dose-limiting toxicities in patients with recurrent brain metastases. Local control of target lesions was >80 %. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Neurological manifestations in systemic lupus erythematosus: A clinical study$$$ Aim:Introduction/Background: Nervous system involvement is quite common in patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus and is an important cause of morbidity and mortality. An early diagnosis and treatment of neurological manifestations is crucial in management of SLE. Our study was done to observe the various neurological manifestations in SLE; to see whether early investigations supplement clinical diagnosis and detect subclinical neurological manifestations, and, to workout the correlation of nervous system involvement with disease activity. Methods/Materials/Analytical Procedures: We evaluated patients who fulfilled ACR diagnostic criteria for SLE. Demographic details were recorded. Detail history was taken, physical examination was performed and necessary investigations were carried out. Disease activity was assessed based on Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity (SLEDAI) score at initial evaluation and on each follow up visits. Results: Of the 52 patients evaluated, 48 were female. Neuropsychiatric features (NPSLE) were found in 19 (36.54%). Various nervous system manifestations were:- cognitive dysfunction (57.89%), seizure disorders (42.1%), acute confusional state (31.57%), headache (26.31%), depression (26.31%), psychosis (21.05%), anxiety disorder (10.52%), movement disorder (5.26%), aseptic meningitis (5%), polyneuropathy (21.05%), cranial neuropathy (15.78%), autonomic disorder (10.52%), mononeuritis multiplex (5.26%). SLEDAI score was higher in patients with NPSLE than without NPSLE (32.42±16.34 vs 17.3±10.6). Of 31 patients in whom MRI was performed, 17 (53.12%) had abnormal finding, commonest being sub cortical white matter lesions (64.7%). Patients without clinical neurological manifestation were also found to have subclinical abnormal neurological findings on MRI (15.38%), EEG (30.77%) and nerve conduction velocity. Conclusions: Neurological manifestations are not uncommon in SLE, severity of which it directly correlates with disease activity. Though, most of the patients present with frank neuropsychiatric features, sub- clinical NPSLE are also present which can be diagnosed by appropriate investigations. ER  - 
Rufinamide in children with refractory epilepsy: Pharmacokinetics, efficacy, and safety$$$ We examined the influence of age and type of concomitant antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) on the pharmacokinetics of rufinamide (RUF) as well as its efficacy and safety in 51 children with refractory epilepsy. In a retrospective noninterventional survey, dose-to-concentration ratios of RUF and concomitant AEDs were calculated: the weight-normalized dose (mg/kg/d) divided by the steady-state trough plasma drug level, which was used as a measure of clearance. During treatment with RUF concomitantly with valproic acid (VPA) young children, aged 0 to 4.9 years, had a low clearance of RUF, which did not differ from older children. If not on VPA but on enzyme inducers, young children had a threefold higher clearance of RUF than the older ones. In young children not on VPA, those on enzyme inducers had 1.7-fold higher clearance than those on nonenzyme inducers. In children neither on VPA nor on enzyme inducers, RUF clearance was age-dependent with higher clearance in younger children. Adding RUF did not change the pharmacokinetics of concomitantly used AEDs. Seizure response after 2 to 3 months on RUF treatment was found in 12 of 51 children (23.5%), at mean plasma level of 36.9±22.0 mol/L. Adverse events were reported in 41% of the patients of which fatigue was most frequent (24%). Copyright © 2012 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. ER  - 
Comparison of Intravenous Midazolam Drip with Intermittent Intravenous Diazepam in the Treatment of Refractory Serial Seizures in Children$$$ Objective Serial seizures occur commonly in inpatient epileptic children. This type of seizure due to its characteristics has a significant impact on the patient's health. Untreated serial seizures lead to status epilepticus; therefore, finding a more effective treatment for such patients is essential. This study was performed to compare the outcome of intermittent intravenous diazepam in the pediatric neurology clinic and intravenous midazolam in the pediatric intensive care unit (PICU), in order to introduce an alternative treatment for serail seizures. Materials & Methods In this study, 38 inpatient children aged 6 mo-15 years with refractory serial seizures were treated by first line antiepileptic drugs and then randomly treated with either intermittent intravenous diazepam in the neurology ward or intravenous midazolam in PICU. Results Fourteen (70%) diazepam group patients and 13 (72.2%) midazolam group patients had good response to treatment, there was no significant difference between the two groups. Four midazolam group patients and two diazepam group patients needed mechanical ventilation and were intubated during treatment, with no significant difference between the two groups. Durations of mechanical ventilation and PICU and hospital stay were not significantly different between the two groups. Conclusion Intermittent intravenous diazepam is an effective alternative therapy for midazolam drip in the treatment of serial seizures due to similar therapeutic effects and fewer side effects. ER  - 
Does a normalizing electroencephalogram in benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes abort attention deficit hyperactivity disorder?$$$ This retrospective study delineated the efficacy of antiepileptic drugs in preventing the need for methylphenidate in patients with benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Seventeen patients were identified. A reduction of electroencephalogram pathologic activity by more than 50% was achieved in some patients with the antiepileptic drugs levetiracetam, sulthiame, lamotrigine, clobazam, and valproic acid. Complete normalization was achieved in two patients with sulthiame. Improvement in attention along with the reduction of pathologic electroencephalogram activity was observed in four patients, two with sulthiame, and one each with lamotrigine and levetiracetam (which was ceased because of suicidal tendencies). However, this improvement in attention was either temporary or not significant enough to discontinue methylphenidate. Methylphenidate was eventually prescribed to all patients. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The association between trauma and chronic medical conditions in individuals with severe mental illness$$$ Based on the concept of allostatic load, this study proposed and evaluated a model for the relationship between childhood trauma, chronic medical conditions, and intervening variables affecting this relationship in individuals with severe mental illness. Childhood trauma, adult trauma, major depressive disorder symptoms, posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms, health risk factors, and chronic medical conditions were retrospectively assessed using a cross-sectional survey design in a sample of 117 individuals with severe mental illness receiving public mental health services. Path analyses produced a good-fitting model, with significant pathways from childhood to adult trauma and from adult trauma to chronic medical conditions. Multisample path analyses revealed the equivalence of the model across sex. The results support a model for the relationship between childhood and adult trauma and chronic medical conditions, which highlights the pathophysiological toll of cumulative trauma experienced across the life span and the pressing need to prevent retraumatization in this population. Copyright © 2001 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Prospective cross-sectional study using questionnaire to assess the effect of a different nomenclature for psychiatric illnesses on the perception of these diseases by university students$$$ Objective To assess the effect of a difference in nomenclature for psychiatric illness on perceptions of university students. Design Cross-sectional study. Setting Three local universities in Hong Kong. Participants A total of 201 university students (undergraduates or postgraduates) were interviewed with a questionnaire. Main outcome measures Score difference between the new and old nomenclature of each disease for each question of the questionnaire, using a 5-point Likert scale and an integrated score difference for each disease. Results Of the seven diseases investigated, six yielded a significant yet mild increase in positive perceptions with the new nomenclature. These diseases included schizophrenia (integrated score difference: +0.158, P<0.001), neurasthenia (integrated score difference: +0.117, P<0.001), paranoia (integrated score difference: +0.209, P<0.001), personality disorder (integrated score difference: +0.282, P<0.001), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (integrated score difference: +0.086, P=0.005), and bipolar disorder (integrated score difference: +0.154, P<0.001). Epilepsy showed a negative perception with its new nomenclature (integrated score difference:-0.119, P<0.001). Conclusions The new nomenclature system for psychiatric diseases achieves more positive perceptions among the university students than the old nomenclature. Epilepsy was the exception for which the old nomenclature conferred a more positive perception. Further studies on this topic involving a more general population should be advocated to confirm the improvements in perception with the new naming system for psychiatric diseases. ER  - 
Comorbidities in an asthma population 8-29years old: A study from the Norwegian Prescription Database$$$ Purpose: To examine the occurrence of chronic diseases and antimicrobial treatment in an asthma population 8-29years old, compared with the general population. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, the asthma population was identified from the general population (retrieved from a census covering the entire Norwegian population) using filled prescriptions on asthma drugs as a proxy measure of current asthma. The outcome was excess occurrence of specific diseases (comorbidity) among people with asthma, compared with the age-specific general population. Diseases were defined by filled prescriptions with specific diagnostic codes (International Classification of Primary Care 2nd edition [ICPC-2] or International Classification of Diseases 10th revision [ICD-10]) during a 1-year period in the Norwegian Prescription Database. Nine chronic diseases were examined: attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, epilepsy, migraine, mental illness, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, autoimmune disorders, gastro-oesophageal reflux disease (GORD), and allergy. Additionally, antibacterials recommended for respiratory tract infections and antivirals were examined (defined by Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical codes). Standardized morbidity ratios (SMR) for each disease were calculated. Results: Fifty-nine percent of the population with asthma had at least one of nine chronic diseases examined, compared with 18% in the general population. Few individuals with asthma had more than one additional chronic disease (6% of male subjects and 8% of female subjects). SMRs were increased for all diseases except diabetes, implying higher than expected occurrence of the specific diseases in people with asthma. This pattern was observed in both age groups (8-19 and 20-29years) and genders. Allergy and GORD had highest SMR (range 3.2-4.8), whereas the other diseases were in the range 1.2-2.5. Conclusions: An excess occurrence of comorbidities was found in the population with asthma. A majority of people with asthma had one additional chronic disease, and few had more than one. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Delusional infestation: Clinical presentation in 147 patients seen at Mayo Clinic$$$ Background: Delusional infestation is the conviction that one's skin is infested with foreign organisms or materials despite contradictory objective evidence. Objective: To delineate clinical characteristics of patients presenting with delusional infestation. Methods: We performed a retrospective study of patients meeting delusional infestation criteria who were seen for diagnosis and treatment in our tertiary care academic medical center (2001-2007). Medical records were reviewed to abstract demographic, historical, and physical findings and treatment. Results: Over 7 years, 147 patients presented with delusional infestation; 87% (123/142) for another opinion. Mean age was 57 years; female-to-male ratio was 2.89 to 1; 82 (56%) were married. Mean duration of symptoms was 31 months. Employment data were available for 145 patients: 48 (33%) were self-described as disabled, 16 of whom cited delusions as their disability; 41 (28%) were retired; and 38 (26%) were employed. Reported infestations included multiple materials (45% [64/143]), not limited to insects (79% [113/143]), worms (27% [39/143]), and fibers (20% [29/143]). Most patients presented initially to dermatology or other specialties; only 3 presented to psychiatry. A high proportion (81%) had prior psychiatric conditions. Thirty-eight (26%) of the 147 patients had a shared psychotic disorder. Limitations: The retrospective nature of the study and the incompleteness of some data because not all the characteristics that were analyzed were documented for every patient. Conclusion: Patients were predominantly female, had a long history of symptoms, and had been seen previously at many medical centers. A large proportion were disabled or retired. Patients reported skin infestation with both animate and inanimate objects. ER  - 
Transphenoidal surgery without steroid replacement in patients with morning serum cortisol below 9 μg/dl (250 Nmol/l)$$$ Background: Adrenal insufficiency is a feared complication in patients undergoing transphenoidal surgery (TSS). Using the insulin tolerance test (ITT) for the preoperative assessment of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) status is less than ideal, and the morning serum cortisol (MSC) is often used as a proxy for ITT. However, neither the ITT nor the MSC level has been validated to indicate HPA sufficiency compared to a physiological gold standard such as patients' ability to withstand transphenoidal surgery. Objective: To evaluate the intraoperative and postoperative course of nine patients with non-ACTH-secreting pituitary adenomas who did not receive intraoperative cortisol replacement despite having a preoperative MSC below 9 μg/dl (250 nmol/l) and to compare this with a set of patients with a preoperative MSC greater than 14.5 μg/dl (400 nmol/l) and another set of patients with MSC below 9 μg/dl (250 nmol/l) who received intraoperative cortisol administration. Methods: Preoperative and day 1 and day 2 postoperative MSC, intraoperative anesthetic record, vital signs, fluid balance, medications, and complications were recorded. Results: None of the patients experienced the full syndrome of adrenal insufficiency. One patient with a preoperative MSC <9 μg/dl (250 mol/l) had isolated postoperative fatigue and required cortisol replacement. No patient suffered any life-threatening complications. There were no differences among the three groups in their intraoperative or postoperative courses when compared for intraoperative hypotension, acute blood pressure drop, and administration of vasopressors. Conclusion: This study suggests that TSS can be performed safely in patients with preoperative MSC less than 9 μg/dl (250 nmol/l) in closely monitored settings without intraoperative cortisol administration. Further studies are warranted. © Springer-Verlag 2012. ER  - 
Psychogenic facial movement disorders: Clinical features and associated conditions$$$ The facial phenotype of psychogenic movement disorders has not been fully characterized. Seven tertiary-referral movement disorders centers using a standardized data collection on a computerized database performed a retrospective chart review of psychogenic movement disorders involving the face. Patients with organic forms of facial dystonia or any medical or neurological disorder known to affect facial muscles were excluded. Sixty-one patients fulfilled the inclusion criteria for psychogenic facial movement disorders (91.8% females; age: 37.0 ± 11.3 years). Phasic or tonic muscular spasms resembling dystonia were documented in all patients most commonly involving the lips (60.7%), followed by eyelids (50.8%), perinasal region (16.4%), and forehead (9.8%). The most common pattern consisted of tonic, sustained, lateral, and/or downward protrusion of one side of the lower lip with ipsilateral jaw deviation (84.3%). Ipsi- or contralateral blepharospasm and excessive platysma contraction occurred in isolation or combined with fixed lip dystonia (60.7%). Spasms were reported as painful in 24.6% of cases. Symptom onset was abrupt in most cases (80.3%), with at least 1 precipitating psychological stress or trauma identified in 57.4%. Associated body regions involved included upper limbs (29.5%), neck (16.4%), lower limbs (16.4%), and trunk (4.9%). There were fluctuations in severity and spontaneous exacerbations and remissions (60%). Prevalent comorbidities included depression (38.0%) and tension headache (26.4%). Fixed jaw and/or lip deviation is a characteristic pattern of psychogenic facial movement disorders, occurring in isolation or in combination with other psychogenic movement disorders or other psychogenic features. © 2012 Movement Disorder Society. ER  - 
Application of european league against rheumatism recommendations for the management of systemic lupus erythematosus patients with neuropsychiatric involvement may limit unnecessary diagnostic testing and curve intensification of immunosuppressive therapy of unclear benefit$$$ Background/Purpose: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients may experience a wide variety of neurological and psychiatric manifestations (neuropsychiatric [NP] SLE [NPSLE]), which pose diagnostic and therapeutic challenges to clinicians leading to significant heterogeneity in their management. We have recently published evidence and expert based recommendations on NPSLE. We sought to measure them against usual care by auditing the management in our centers prior to issuing these recommendations. Methods: NPSLE events were reviewed in two lupus centers in Iraklio, Greece and Cluj, Romania. Non-SLE-related events were excluded. We compared the diagnostic and treatment decisions in our cohort with the recommendations issued by the European League Against Rheumatism (EULAR) for specific NPSLE manifestations. Results: A total of 105 NP events attributed to SLE were recorded in 89 patients (89% female, mean age 41.1 years, mean time from SLE onset to NPSLE 5.2 years) by cxahrt review over the last decade (2001-11). Most common events included cerebrovascular disease (n=19, 18%), cognitive dysfunction (n=17, 16%), intractable headache (n=10, 9.5%), psychosis (n=10, 9.5%), and transverse myelitis (n=10, 9.5%). Overall, the concordance between clinical decisions and the recommendations was 74% for diagnostic work-up and 67% for treatment of NPSLE (Table 1). Regarding diagnosis, lower concordance rates were noted in cases of cognitive dysfunction with only 5/17 (29%) SLE patients undergoing the recommended neuropsychological testing, and also in mood disorder where 4/7 (57%) patients had brain neuroimaging despite limited evidence for its usefulness. In contrast, the diagnostic work-up of major NPSLE such as seizure disorders, cranial neuropathy, and peripheral neuropathy, was generally in accordance with the recommendations. In terms of treatment 40% of patients with seizure disorder and 40% of patients with cerebrovascular disease underwent intensification of immunosuppressive therapy without clear evidence of generalized SLE activity, as the recommendations suggest. Antiplatelet or anticoagulant treatment was initiated in 34/39 (87%) of patients with NPSLE and positive antiphospholipid antibodies in accordance with EULAR recommendations. In contrast, the management of cognitive dysfunction did not include the recommended psycho-educational support in the majority of cases. Conclusion: The diagnostic and therapeutic decisions in NPSLE patients managed in two European centers were often not in concordance with the existing EULAR recommendations. Applications of these recommendations may decrease unnecessary testing and curve intensifications of immunosuppressive therapy in cases no clear benefit has been documented. Longitudinal studies to further validate the impact of these recommendations in improving outcomes are needed. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Continuous versus intermittent treatment strategies during primary HIV-1 infection: The randomized ANRS INTERPRIM Trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: The ANRS-112 INTERPRIM trial assessed whether fixed-cycles of antiretroviral treatment interruption (ART-STI) combined or not with pegylated interferon alpha-2b (peg-IFN) could lower viral load and achieve a healthier immune system in patients diagnosed during primary HIV-1-infection (PHI). DESIGN AND METHODS: Patients were randomized to receive either continuous ART (cART) during 72 weeks, or cART during 36 weeks followed by three ART-STIs, or the same ART-STIs associated with peg-IFN during the first 14 weeks and each interruption (ART-STI-IFN). Treatment was stopped at week 72. Final evaluation was based on plasma HIV-RNA level 6 months after the last treatment interruption. RESULTS: Eighty-seven percent of patients achieved undetectable HIV-RNA at week 32, with no deleterious impact of sequential treatment interruptions (STIs). Viral rebounds during interruptions were lower in the ART-STI-IFN than in the ART-STI group and during the second and third interruptions compared with the first one. However, HIV-RNA levels, CD4 T-cell counts and CD4 T/CD8 T ratios were similar between groups after the 6-month interruption, with a persistent effect on CD4 T cells and total cell-associated HIV-DNA levels. Predictive factors of virological outcome were HIV-RNA and HIV-DNA levels at PHI and HIV-DNA levels at treatment interruption. HIV-specific responses did not differ between strategies and were not associated with outcome. Forty-eight percent of patients experienced treatment resumption during long-term follow-up without difference between groups. CONCLUSION: When initiated during PHI, STIs associated or not with IFN did not result in a different outcome as compared to cART. All regimens showed a high response rate and a sustained immunological benefit after cessation. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Intraclass correlation coefficients in the Brazilian network for surveillance of severe maternal morbidity study$$$ Background: The purpose of the study was to evaluate intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) of variables concerning personal characteristics, structure, outcome and process in the Brazilian Network for Surveillance of Severe Maternal Morbidity study conducted to identify severe maternal morbidity/near miss cases using the World Health Organization criteria.Method: It was a cross-sectional, multicenter study involving 27 hospitals providing care for pregnant women in Brazil. Cluster size and the mean size of the primary sampling unit were described. Estimated prevalence rates, ICC, their respective 95% confidence intervals, the design effect and the mean cluster size were presented for each variable.Results: Overall, 9,555 cases of severe maternal morbidity (woman admitted with potentially life-threatening conditions, near miss events or death) were included in the study. ICC ranged from < 0.001 to 0.508, with a median of 0.035. ICC was < 0.1 for approximately 75% of the variables. For process-related variables, median ICC was 0.09, with 0.021 for those related to outcome. These findings confirm data from previous studies. Homogeneity may be considered minor, thus increasing reliability of these findings.Conclusions: These results may be used to design new cluster trials in maternal and perinatal health and to help calculate sample sizes. © 2012 Haddad et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Sleep disturbances among soldiers with combat-related traumatic brain injury$$$ Background: Sleep complaints are common among patients with traumatic brain injury. Evaluation of this population is confounded by polypharmacy and comorbid disease, with few studies addressing combat-related injuries. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of sleep disorders among soldiers who sustained combat-related traumatic brain injury. Methods: The study design was a retrospective review of soldiers returning from combat with mild to moderate traumatic brain injury. All underwent comprehensive sleep evaluations. We determined the prevalence of sleep complaints and disorders in this population and assessed demographics, mechanism of injury, medication use, comorbid psychiatric disease, and polysomnographic findings to identify variables that correlated with the development of specific sleep disorders. Results: Of 116 consecutive patients, 96.6% were men (mean age, 31.1 ± 9.8 years; mean BMI, 27.8 ± 4.1 kg/m 2), and 29.5% and 70.5% sustained blunt and blast injuries, respectively. Nearly all (97.4%) reported sleep complaints. Hypersomnia and sleep fragmentation were reported in 85.2% and 54.3%, respectively. Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) was found in 34.5%, and 55.2% had insomnia. Patients with blast injuries developed more anxiety (50.6% vs 20.0%, P = .002) and insomnia(63% vs 40%, P = .02), whereas patients with blunt trauma had significantly more OSAS (54.3% vs 25.9%, P = .003). In multivariate analysis, blunt trauma was a significant predictor of OSAS (OR, 3.09; 95% CI, 1.02-9.38; P = .047). Conclusions: Sleep disruption is common following traumatic brain injury, and the majority of patients develop a chronic sleep disorder. It appears that sleep disturbances may be influenced by the mechanism of injury in those with combat-related traumatic brain injury, with blunt injury potentially predicting the development of OSAS. ©2012 American College of Chest Physicians. ER  - 
Recent Changes in risk factors of chronic subdural hematoma$$$ Objective: Chronic subdural hematoma (CSDH) is a typical disease that is encountered frequently in neurosurgical practice. The medications which could cause coagulopathies were known as one of the risk factors of CSDH, such as anticoagulants (ACs) and antiplatelet agents (APs). Recently, the number of patients who are treated with ACs/APs is increasing, especially in the elderly population. With widespread use of these drugs, there is a need to study the changes in risk factors of CSDH patients. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed 290 CSDH patients who underwent surgery at our institute between 1996 and 2010. We classified them into three groups according to the time of presentation (Group A: the remote period group, 1996-2000, Group B: the past period group, 2001-2005, and Group C: the recent period group, 2006-2010). Also, we performed the comparative analysis of independent risk factors between three groups. Results: Among the 290 patients, Group A included 71 patients (24.5%), Group B included 98 patients (33.8%) and Group C included 121 patients (41.7%). Three patients (4.2%) in Group A had a history of receiving ACs/APs, 8 patients (8.2%) in Group B, and 19 patients (15.7%) in Group C. Other factors such as head trauma, alcoholism, epilepsy, previous neurosurgery and underlying disease having bleeding tendency were also evaluated. In ACs/APs related cause of CSDH in Group C, significantly less proportion of the patients are associated with trauma or alcohol compared to the non-medication group. Conclusion: In this study, the authors concluded that ACs/APs have more importance as a risk factor of CSDH in the recent period compared to the past. Therefore, doctors should prescribe these medications carefully balancing the potential risk and benefit. © 2012 The Korean Neurosurgical Society. ER  - 
New biologic-response modifiers in ocular inflammatory disease: Beyond anti-TNF treatment$$$ Current treatment guidelines for chronic ocular inflammatory disease recommend the use of steroid-sparing agents. The development of conventional immunomodulatory agents has largely changed the visual outcome in these patients. However, disease refractory to these treatment modalities has led to the use of new biologic-response modifiers, agents that target specific components of the pathogenetic process. The purpose of this review is to summarize the mechanism of action, experimental evidence, side effects and current experience with the use of rituximab, daclizumab, abatacept, anakinra and IFN-α in ocular inflammatory disease. © 2012 2012 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Intracranial meningiomas managed at Memfys hospital for neurosurgery in Enugu, Nigeria$$$ Introduction: The epidemiology and pathology of meningioma in Nigeria are still evolving and little has been published about this tumor in Nigeria, especially in the southeast region. The aim of this paper is to compare the characteristics of intracranial meningioma managed in our center with the pattern reported in the literature worldwide. Materials and Methods: Retrospective analysis of prospectively recorded data of patients managed for intracranial meningioma between January 2002 and December 2010 at a Private neurosurgery Hospital in Enugu, Nigeria. We excluded patients whose histology results were inconclusive. Results: Meningiomas constituted 23.8% of all intracranial tumors seen in the period. The male to female ratio was 1:1.1. The peak age range for males and females were in the fifth and sixth decades, respectively. The most common location is the Olfactory groove in 26.5% of patients followed by convexity in 23.5%. Presentation varied with anatomical location of tumor. Patients with olfactory groove meningioma (OGM) mostly presented late with personality changes and evidence of raised ICP. Tuberculum sellar and sphenoid region tumors presented earlier with visual impairment with or without hormonal abnormalities. Seizures occurred in 30.9% of all patients and in 45% of those with convexity meningiomas. Only 57.4% of the patients were managed surgically and there was no gender difference in this group. WHO grade1 tumors were the most common histological types occurring in 84.6%. One patient had atypical meningioma and two had anaplastic tumors. Conclusion: The pattern of meningioma in our area may have geographical differences in location and histology. Childhood meningioma was rare. ER  - 
Seizures in alzheimer disease: Clinical and epidemiological data$$$ Alzheimer disease (AD) and epilepsy are disorders commonly seen in the elderly. Many studies have shown that patients with AD are at increased risk for developing seizures and epilepsy. Whereas, patients with specific types of epilepsy, such as temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE), experience some degree of cognitive dysfunction, questions have been raised as to whether these disorders share some underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms or whether one is an epiphenomenon of the other. In this report, we review some of the available clinical and epidemiologic literature on various aspects of the topic of seizures in AD, including seizure rates and types, riskfactors for seizures, electroencephalographic findings, treatment options, limitations, and methodological issues. Overall, multiple aspects of the literature on seizures and epilepsy in AD, including diagnosis, risk factors, the role of EEG in diagnosis, and the response to treatment are not clear and suffer from many methodological limitations and gaps. © American Epilepsy Society. ER  - 
Effects of tenoten on anxiety and depression disorders in patients with epilepsy$$$ The efficiency and safety of tenoten for anxiety and depression disorders in epileptics has been demonstrated. The drug does not change the incidence and severity of epileptic episodes, does not deteriorate the course of the underlying disease, and can be well combined with anticonvulsants. The results indicate the efficiency of tenoten used to arrest the anxio-depressive disorders in epilepsy. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Predictors for neuropsychiatric development in Chinese adolescents with systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ The aim of our study is to investigate the relationship between neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) development and clinical factors to elucidate potential predictors at the time of SLE onset as well as during NP flares. Sixty-seven adolescents between the ages of 10 and 18 years with SLE were retrospectively reviewed, and their clinical characteristics and laboratory findings were analyzed. Twenty-four (35.82%) patients with NPSLE were included in the analysis. Renal involvement at the time of SLE onset was significantly less common in patients who developed NP symptoms (P = 0.0038), but renal involvement during the entire follow-up (FU) period was not significantly different between patients with NP and those without NP. Photosensitivity at the time of SLE diagnosis was significantly more common in patients with NP (P = 0.0080). No differences were found in the clinical and laboratory results between the time of SLE onset and NP onset in the same late-onset NP group. Our results suggest that NP development is negatively correlated with renal involvement at the onset of SLE, but not during the entire FU period, and NP development is positively correlated with photosensitivity at the time of SLE onset. We could not identify any factors that might predict the occurrence of NP symptoms during an NP flare. © Springer-Verlag 2011. ER  - 
Challenging symptoms in children with rare life-limiting conditions: Findings from a prospective diary and interview study with families$$$ Aim: The aim was to describe the nature, frequency, severity and management challenges of symptoms in children with two rare life-limiting conditions [Mucopolysaccharide (MPS) and Batten disease]. Methods: This was an embedded mixed-method study set in the UK between 2009 and 2011. Twenty-six children from 23 families took part. Seventeen children had an MPS condition [MPS III (Sanfilippo) n = 15; MPS I (Hurler) n = 1; MPS IVA (Morquio); n = 1]. Nine children had Batten disease. Prospective data relating to symptoms were collected over 8 weeks using a symptom diary, and qualitative retrospective interviews with families were conducted. Main outcome measures included frequency, severity rating and identification of most challenging symptoms to manage. Results: The most common and severe symptoms in MPS III were agitation, repetitive behaviours, hyperactivity and disturbed sleep, and in Batten disease were agitation, joint stiffness, secretions, and disturbed sleep. The data highlighted the high prevalence of behavioural symptoms. Distress caused to families by symptoms was not related simply to their occurrence, but to difficulty in management, likelihood of control and extent to which they signalled disease progression and decline. Conclusion: In challenging contrast to the dominant biomedical framing of these rare conditions it was behavioural symptoms, rather than the physical ones, that families documented as most frequent, severe and challenging to manage. The diary developed for this study has potential use in aiding parents and clinicians to document and communicate concerns about symptoms. © 2012 The Author(s)/Acta Pædiatrica © 2012 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. ER  - 
Clinical experience with oral lacosamide as adjunctive therapy in adult patients with uncontrolled epilepsy: A multicentre study in epilepsy clinics in the United Kingdom (UK)$$$ Introduction: Lacosamide (LCS) is a new antiepileptic drug (AED) licensed in the European Union (EU) and United States (US) in 2008. Aims: To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of add-on LCS in an out-patient epilepsy clinic setting to obtain useful information for everyday practice. Methods: We pooled data retrospectively from the case note of patients with refractory epilepsy in whom LCS had been prescribed in 19 hospitals across the United Kingdom. Results: Four hundred and three patients were included (mean age 41.9 years, 50.6% women, 18.1% with learning disabilities (LD)). Mean follow-up (FU) was 11.6 months (range one day to 42 months). Most patients (86.9%) presented with symptomatic partial epilepsy (SPE) and 80% were taking two or more antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) when LCS was added (mean 2, range 0-4). Retention rates were 80% at six months, 68% at one year and 45% at two years. The efficacy of LCS was evaluated at three months and at the final FU. At three months one hundred and eight patients (31.1%) reported ≥50% seizure reduction and 32 (9.2%) were seizure free. At the final FU 102 (37.5%) reported ≥50% seizures reduction and 28 (9.8%) were seizure free. One hundred and ninety three patients (48.7%) reported adverse effects (AEs). The most frequent were sedation and dizziness, followed by nausea. Lacosamide was discontinued in 150 patients (38%), 60 due to AEs alone. Conclusion: LCS appears to be an effective and safe AED when used as adjunctive therapy in patients with refractory partial epilepsy. © 2012 British Epilepsy Association. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Restless legs syndrome in patients with depressive disorders$$$ Aim. Recent community-based studies have shown strong associations between restless legs syndrome (RLS) and major depressive disorder and panic disorder. The aim of the study was to investigate whether patients with a manifest depressive disorder have an increased prevalence of RLS and whether there is an association with different depressive disorders.Methods. Three psychiatry departments in two countries (Germany and Australia) each recruited 100 consecutive patients with current depression. All patients completed a standardized questionnaire including diagnostic questions for RLS, the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D), and the International RLS Severity Scale (IRLS), if RLS was present. The treating doctors completed a second standardized questionnaire including RLS diagnostic questions and comorbidities.Results. A total of 277 questionnaires could be evaluated, 184 in Germany (96 in Bremen, 88 in Freiburg) and 93 in Australia. The Australian patients were younger than the German patients (45.4±13.8 vs. 49.7±15.0 years, p=0.02); the gender distribution was not different (p=0.71). The minimal diagnosis criteria for RLS were fulfilled by 8.3% of the German and 17.0% of the Australian patients (p=0.02). The treating physicians rated 4.3% of the German and 12.4% of the Australian patients as RLS cases. RLS prevalence was similar across all subtypes of depression.Conclusion. RLS is not more frequent in patients with manifest depression in Germany as compared to the general population. Possible reasons for the higher prevalence of RLS in depressive patients in Australia are discussed. © Springer-Verlag 2012. ER  - 
Pilot study of systemic and intrathecal mafosfamide followed by conformal radiation for infants with intracranial central nervous system tumors: A pediatric brain tumor consortium study (PBTC-001)$$$ A pilot study to investigate the feasibility of the addition of intrathecal (IT) mafosfamide to a regimen of concomitant multi-agent systemic chemotherapy followed by conformal radiation therapy (RT) for children <3 years with newly diagnosed embryonal CNS tumors was performed. Ninety-three newly diagnosed infants and children (<3 years) with embryonal CNS tumors were enrolled. Twenty weeks of systemic multi-agent chemotherapy commenced within 35 days of surgery. Patients without CSF flow obstruction (n = 71) received IT mafosfamide (14 mg) with chemotherapy. Localized (M0) patients with SD or better subsequently received RT followed by 20 additional weeks of chemotherapy. Second look surgery was encouraged prior to RT if there was an incomplete surgical resection at diagnosis. 71 evaluable patients with normal CSF flow received IT Mafosfamide with systemic chemotherapy; patients with M ? disease were removed from protocol therapy at 20 weeks and those with PD at the time of progression. One and 5-year progression free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) for the cohort of 71 evaluable patients were 52 ± 6.5 % and 33 ± 13 %, and 67 ± 6.2 % and 51 ± 11 %, respectively. The 1-year Progression Free Survival (PFS) for M0 patients with medulloblastoma (MB, n = 20), supratentorial primitive neuroectodermal tumor (PNET, n = 9), and atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor (ATRT, n = 12) was 80 ± 7 %, 67 ± 15 % and 27 ± 13 % and 5-year PFS was 65 ± 19 %, 37 ± 29 %, and 0 ± 0 %, respectively. The addition of IT mafosfamide to systemic chemotherapy in infants with embryonal CNS tumors was feasible. The PFS for M0 patients appears comparable to or better than most prior historical comparisons and was excellent for those receiving conformal radiotherapy. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. 2012. ER  - 
Stroke mimics treated with thrombolysis: Further evidence on safety and distinctive clinical features$$$ Background: Patients who present with symptoms mimicking ischaemic stroke (IS), but have a different diagnosis, are known as stroke mimics (SM). The necessity for rapid administration of intravenous thrombolysis in patients with acute IS may lead to treatment of patients with conditions mimicking stroke. A variable proportion of patients with SM (1.4-14%) are currently treated with intravenous tissue plasminogen activator therapy (IV-tPA). The outcome of these patients is generally favourable and complications are rather infrequent. We aimed to determine the frequency, clinical features and prognosis of SM patients treated with IV-tPA in an experienced stroke centre. Methods: A prospective registry was assembled with patients treated with IV-tPA at our stroke unit from January 2004 to December 2011. We recorded age, gender, baseline National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score, treatment delay, vascular risk factors, clinical syndrome and aetiology. We retrospectively analysed the clinical characteristics of SM, safety (symptomatic intracranial haemorrhage and mortality) and outcome measures (modified Rankin Scale at 3 months, mRS) and compared them with IS patients. Results: 621 patients were treated with IV-tPA during the study period, 606 (97.5%) were IS and 15 (2.4%) were SM. The aetiology of SM was somatoform disorders (5), headache and neurological deficits with cerebrospinal fluid lymphocytosis (HaNDL) syndrome (3), herpetic encephalitis (2), glial tumours (2), and migraine with aura, focal seizure and cortical vein thrombosis in single cases. SM were younger (72 ± 14 vs. 53.7 ± 16 years, p < 0.05), had a lower baseline deficit [NIHSS 13 (9-18) vs. 8 (5-10), p < 0.05], fewer vascular risk factors, and left hemisphere symptoms were predominant (80 vs. 52.4%, p < 0.05). Global aphasia without hemiparesis (GAWH) was the presenting symptom in 8 (54%) SM and 44 (7%) IS (p < 0.05). Multimodal computed tomography was performed in 3 SM patients and showed perfusion deficits in 2 of them. No intracranial haemorrhage or disability (functional outcome at 3 months, mRS >2) was recorded in any SM patient. Conclusions: The use of intravenous thrombolysis appears to be safe in our SM patients, and prognosis is universally favourable. Somatoform disorder and HaNDL syndrome were prominent causes, and GAWH the most common presentation. The safety of thrombolysis in SM suggests that delaying or withholding treatment may be inappropriate: the benefit of thrombolysis in case of IS may outweigh the risks of treating an SM. Further studies may assess the future role of multimodal computed tomography in the differential diagnosis between IS and SM. © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Prevalence and associates of suicidal behavior in frequent treatment-resistant focal seizures: The asert study$$$ Purpose: To assess lifetime suicidal ideation (SI) and behavior (SB), and their associates in treatment-resistant focal seizures. Method: A mulitcenter, cross-sectional study at 6 epilepsy centers. Inclusion criteria were: 18-70 years; EEG-confirmed focal epilepsy for >2 years; >1 simple partial (with motor component), complex partial/secondarily generalized seizure per month for the past 6 months; currently taking 1-3 AEDs; and failed >2 AEDS, including current therapy. Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale assessed SI/SB. MINI assessed major depression (MD). High risk SI included intent/intent and plan. SB included suicide attempt (SA), interrupted or aborted attempt, preparatory acts/behavior, and non-suicidal self-injurious behavior. Calculated frequency of lifetime SI/SB. Logistic regression examined demographic, seizure-related and psychiatric correlates of suicidality. Result: 95 of 206 participants (46.1%) had lifetime SI, 29 (14.1%) had high risk SI, 21 (10.2%) had SA and 21 (10.2%) had SB without SA. No demographic or seizure-related factors were associated with SI or SB. Lifetime MD was significantly associated with lifetime SI (OR=10.8), high risk SI (OR=4.7), SA (OR=4.7) and SB without SA (OR=4.9). Conclusion: SB without SA is as common as SA alone in treatmentresistant focal seizures. Only lifetime MD is associated with SI/SB. Prevention of SB in epilepsy requires identification of lifetime MD in order to counsel and offer treatment. ER  - 
Does carbamazepine affect the QT interval?$$$ Purpose: Pathologic cardiac repolarization may occur during seizures and has been linked to SUDEP. In this retrospective case control study, we investigated if Carbamazepine affects the QTc interval. Method: Nineteen patients with epilepsy on Carbamazepine were matched for age and sex to 19 patients on Carbamazepine for neuralgia or mood disorders and 19 patients admitted for elective surgeries who were not taking Carbamazepine. None of the patients had concomitant cardiovascular disease or were taking medications known to affect the QTc interval. QTc intervals and Carbamazepine doses and blood levels, were analyzed using one-way ANOVA. Result: Two out of 19 patients (11%) in the epilepsy group but none in other groups had QTc prolongation (>450 milliseconds). The mean QTc interval was longer in patients taking Carbamazepine for epilepsy, compared to both patients taking Carbamazepine for other reasons and patients without epilepsy not taking Carbamazepine (417±26 vs 400±17 vs 403±16 milliseconds) (p=0.029). Mean dose and blood level of Carbamazepine in epilepsy and non-epilepsy groups did not differ (737±389vs 716±407 mg/d and 7.27±2.46vs 7.36±2.65 mg/dl) (p=0.87 and p=0.92). Conclusion: Carbamazepine may lead to QTc prolongation in patients with epilepsy but not in other neurologic disorders. A longitudinal study comparing QTc intervals before and after treatment with Carbamazepine is required to confirm this finding. ER  - 
A retrospective study of 131 patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES): Comorbid diagnoses and outcome after inpatient treatment$$$ Purpose: This retrospective study analyses the comorbid diagnoses of patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and the outcome after in-patient treatment including cognitive behavioural therapy, family therapy and non-verbal therapies. Method: Within 7 years 377 in-patients were treated in the department for epileptology and psychotherapy of the Epilepsiezentrum Berlin-Brandenburg. 131 patients were diagnosed with PNES. All diagnoses reported at the time of discharge were reviewed. Follow-up interviews of 111 patients were made within 6 months after discharge. Result: Comorbid somatic diagnoses were found in 42 patients. 64% were related to the brain. Concomitant epilepsy was confirmed in 31 patients. Comorbid psychiatric diagnoses were anxiety disorders (47), personality disorders (41), posttraumatic stress disorder (39), substance abuse(14), depressive disorders (11), somatoform disorders (6), bipolar disorder (5), factitious disorder (4), Asperger syndrome (3) . Psychic traumas were found in the history of nearly all patients. Sexual assault was reported by 28 patients and strongly suspected for another 21 patients. 89 patients complained about massive and long running conflicts within their families. After in-patient treatment 57 patients remained free of seizures. 36 patients had less frequent seizures, 17 were unchanged, 1 had committed suicide. Conclusion: In-patient treatment including intensive psychotherapy and additional non-verbal therapies in a clinic with an expertise in epileptology, psychiatry and psychotherapy is successful for nearly 3/4 of patients with PNES. Beside sexual assault 68% of the patients with PNES reported severe and longlasting conflicts in the family causing psychological distress. This confirms the importance of family therapy besides cognitive behavioural therapy. ER  - 
Insomnia in epilepsy patients. clinical and polysomnographic characteristics. A retrospective study$$$ Purpose: Patients with epilepsy have multiple sleep problems, including insomnia. Mood disorders are a significant co-morbidity in epilepsy. There is a high prevalence of insomnia in patients with mood disorders. The clinical and polysomnographic (PSG) characteristics of epilepsy patients with insomnia have not been described. Method: Medical records of all adult epilepsy patients seen at Sleep Disorders Center were reviewed over 6 months. All subjects presenting with insomnia were selected. Consecutive non-epileptic insomnia patients were selected as controls. Result: Seventeen adult patients with epilepsy were included. Among epilepsy patients, 76.7% were women, mean age was 40.7 years and 58.8% had partial seizures. Seventy-six percent of patients had troubles to fall asleep and 68.7% had troubles to stay asleep (there was no statistically significant difference with controls). 52.9% of patients were using a sleep medication. Zolpidem was the most commonly used medication among patients and controls (64.7% and 76.5%), followed by melatonin (41.2% and 41.2%). Patients with epilepsy had a statistically significant higher percentage of depression compared to controls (52.9% vs. 17.6%, p=0.028). PSG showed a mean sleep efficiency of 69.0% with a mean sleep latency of 48.8 minutes among epilepsy patients. These results did not differ from controls. Sleep disordered breathing was present in 50.0% of patients and 44.4% of controls. Conclusion: Epilepsy patients with insomnia have a higher prevalence depression compared controls. There is a high percentage of use of sleep medications among these patients. The clinical and PSG characteristic did not differ when compared with controls.. ER  - 
Psychosocial and psychopharmacological aspects of a refractory psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Purpose: We aim to describe the psychosocial and pharmacological aspects of patients with refractory psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Method: This was a cross-sectional study of consecutive patients with PNES referred to a Specialized Psychiatric Program from a tertiary Epilepsy Unit from January-2010 to January-2012. Refractoriness was defined as the presence of PNES despite a psychiatric treatment approach. Patients younger than 18 years-old and severe mental retardation were excluded. Result: Forty-eight patients were evaluated, 60% female. Average age was 38 (±13) years-old. The time delay from the onset to the diagnostic was 8 years. Epilepsy was comorbid in 30%. PNES semiology was most likely major motor (48%), followed by minor motor (32%) and non-motor (20%). Two or more semiologies coexisted in 35%. We identified disrupted family dynamics and environmental psychosocial stressors in more than 60% of patients; despite, more than half were married, had children and 83% presented adequate family support. Professional or financial benefits were identified in 30% Psychiatric history was present in 60%. However, no major psychiatric comorbidity or risk of suicidality was found. Most frequent psychiatric disorders were depression 30%, anxiety 35% and adjustment disorder 8%. Patients were most likely treated combining two AEDs [0-8], Valproate (20%) and Levetiracetam (35%) were the most commonly used. After the psychiatric intervention AEDs decreased to a single one [0-5] that usually had psychiatric properties. Conclusion: The PNES patients' profile are young adults with disrupted family dynamics and environmental psychosocial stressors. The psychiatric intervention influences the management of AEDs. ER  - 
Use of methylphenidate for attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder in children with and without epileptiform abnormalities$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this retrospective study was to investigate whether epileptiform abnormalites (EAs) recorded at the attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) assessment and previous history of epileptic seizures influence on initial use of methylphenidate for ADHD. Method: Subjects were 517 ADHD children (82.4%male), aged between 5 and 14 years, mean 9.5+2.6, who were diagnosed between January 2000 and December 2005. At least one standard EEG was performed on all patients. EEG findings were coded as either EEG with EAs or EEG with non-EA. The group with EAs was compared with group without EAs and the use of methylphenidate as initial pharmacological treatment for ADHD symptoms was analyzed. Result: The group with EAs consisted of 39 patients, 12 of them had previous history of epileptic seizures. Of 39 patients with EAs, 35 (89.7%) patients were initially treated with methylphenidate. The group without EAs consisted of 478 patients, 2 of them had previous history of epileptic seizures. Active epilepsy was diagnosed in 13 out of the14 patients, and 11 of the children had been seizure free for at least one year before ADHD assessment. There was no statistic difference between groups with and without EA where methylphenidate was used as initial medication for ADHD. In addition, all patients with previous epilepsy were initially treated with methylphenidate. The epilepsy comorbidity and occurrence of EAs were not a reason for not treating ADHD. Conclusion: The EsA occurrence and epilepsy co-morbidity in children diagnosed with ADHD do not cause diminished initial use of methylphenidate for ADHD. ER  - 
A longitudinal study of psychological features in patients before and 2 years after epilepsy surgery$$$ Purpose: There are few consistent findings concerning psychological and personality features in patients with drug resistant epilepsy. This study aimed at investigating psychological features in patients before and two years after epilepsy surgery. Method: Fifty patients, 39 with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) and 11 with frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE) were assessed at baseline and two years postoperatively with the Karolinska Scales of Personality (KSP). This inventory consists of 15 scales (135 items). Each item is given a statement with four-point Likert scale response format with normative data based on a large random healthy adult sample of 400 men and women. Result: Baseline group level outcome was normal, while individual level analyses delineated psychological problems outside the normal range in subsets of patients. Features of hostility characterised half of the FLE and one fourth of the TLE patients. Above 1/3 in each group had dependency features. About 1/3 of the TLE patients suffered from psychasthenia. There was an association between higher baseline seizure frequency and higher scores in the Suspicion Scale for TLE patients. The shifts in T-score mean levels from baseline to the two year follow-up were all within the normal range. Conclusion: In this cohort, even though group levels were normal a substantial number of patients had psychological problems. The main longitudinal result was that the personality features were stable and did not change after epilepsy surgery. ER  - 
EEG in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures versus epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To examine EEG abnormalities in patents with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) versus epilepsy patients. PNES are episodes that look like epileptic seizures, but are not caused by abnormal electrical discharges. Method: Retrospective study that included 11 patients with PNEN (without epilepsy), 11 patients with epilepsy and control group of 11 healthy persons. EEG was registered three times in one-month interval. Patients selected for this study were sex and age matched to healthy controls. The diagnosis of PNES was established if PNES had been documented by video-EEG, or if they had occurred spontaneously in front of a neurologist. EEG reporting was based on the EEG classification by Luders and Noachternonspecific EEG changes (pathology grade I-II) and epileptiform EEG changes (gradus III). Results: In the PNES group EEG changes were nonspecific in 45.5%, and epileptiform in 9%. In the epilepsy group nonspecific EEG changes were registered in 90.9%, and epileptiform in 72.7%. In the control group non-specific EEG changes were detected in the 18.1% and epileptiform in the 0%. The prevalence of EEG changes in PNES group is considerably higher than in the control group. Conclusion: The rates of non-specific and epileptiform EEG abnormalities were significantly higher in the PNES group than those in the control group, but significantly lower than those in the epilepsy group. ER  - 
Selective attention of patients suffering from recurrent headache in a pain free period: A case-control study$$$ Introduction: Attentional complaints are frequent in headache patients. The question whether pain free headache patients show attentional impairments compared to matched controls subjects is addressed. Objective: To evaluate the selective attention of headache patients in a pain free period. Methods: We analyzed from February 2011 to July 2011 in a case-control study, 45 students suffering from recurrent headache in their pain free periods, matched with 45 healthy students as controls. Participants with history of brain injury, epilepsy and visual disturbances were excluded. Mood disorders were assessed in all participants using Hospital Anxiety Depression questionnaire. Headaches were classified according to the International Headache Society (IHS, 2004) criteria. Selective attention was evaluated using the D-KEFS Color-Word Interference Test. Results: The mean age was 23.69±2.55 years for patient's group, versus 22.49±2.04 years for controls (p=0.2). Male/ female ratio was 2/3 for both groups. Migraine and tensiontype headache were the only types of headache (55.56% and 44.44% respectively). The selective attention score, calculated with the Golden formula was -4.04±7.08 for the patient's group, versus -1.31±7.73 for controls group (p=0.08). The mean mental flexibility score was lower in patients group compared to controls group (36.67±6.79 versus 41.33±6.23, p=0.001). Gender, mood state, temporal features of headache had no effect on selective attention score. Conclusions: Although mental flexibility performances of recurrent headache patients are significantly reduced, their selective attention level seems to be conserved in pain free period. ER  - 
Fractures in patients diagnosed with HIV$$$ Aim: To study the effects of a diagnosis of human immunodeficiency virus infection on fracture risk. Subjects and methods: Case control study. From the Danish National Health Service, we identified 124,655 fracture cases and 373,962 age- and gender-matched controls. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated. Results: A total of 50 patients in the fracture group and 52 in the control group had a prior HIV diagnosis, which is in the range expected in the Danish population. The risk of any fracture was thus significantly increased among HIV-infected patients (crude OR = 2.89, 95% CI 1.99-4.18). Similarly a significant increase in the risk of hip (crude OR=8.99, 95% CI 1.39-58.0), forearm (crude OR=3.50, 95 CI 1.26-9.72), and spine fractures (crude OR=9.00, 95% CI 1.39-58.1) was observed. After adjustment for alcoholism, stroke, working, co-habitation status, income, number of bed days in hospital in the previous year, number of contacts to GP or specialist in the previous year, use of anti-epilepsy drugs, use of anxiolytics or sedatives, prior fracture, and use of corticosteroids the OR for any fracture was still significantly increased (1.66, 95% CI 1.08-2.54). The trend was the same for hip fractures, but no longer statistically significant (9.93, 95% CI 0.90-109). The association with forearm (1.78, 95% CI 0.54-5.93) and spine (3.20, 95% CI 0.33-31.0) fractures was no longer statistically significant. Conclusion: HIV infection is associated with a significant increase in the risk of fractures. Preventive measures against fractures may be considered in HIV-infected patients, especially as life-expectancy has improved significantly, and as fractures may negatively affect quality of life and increase the risk of death. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric side effects of tuberculosis$$$ Accurency of neurological or psychiatric complications secondary to the administration of antituberculosis may be at the origin of diagnosis and therapeutic problems. This work aims at studying the frequency of these manifestations, their clinical presentations and their therapeutic approach. Patients and methods: this retrospective study was carried on from January 1990 to June 2008 at Ibn Nafis Pulmonary Department of Abderrahmen Mami Hospital in Ariana. It dealt with 18 in-patients with a neurologic or psychiatric complication due to antituberculosis drugs. Peripheral neuropathy was noted in 6 patients (33%). One of them had a history of chronic alcoolism, another one had a history of diabetes mellitus and 2 other patients were more than 72 years old. We had definitively stopped isoniazide in 2 cases and decreased the dosage in 4 other patients. However, all patients received B6 vitamin. Convulsions occured in 2 women without any history of epileptic status. Anticonvulsivant treatment was prescribeb and isoniazid definitively stopped. Hallucinosis was noted in 4 patients, with one having a history of chronic alcoolism. Isoniazid was stopped in all cases. Aggressivety,insomia and memory problems were noted in 6 patients. Isoniazid was interrupted in only one women who had history of depression. In 5 other patients, anxiolytics were prescribed. Isoniazid was incrimined in all cases and evolution was favorable for the 18 patients. A close monitoring of patients on antituberculosis treatment is required to detect the onset of any neuropsychiatric complications incriminating usually isoniazid. Definitive interruption or decrease of the dose of isoniazid depending of the acetylation test were necessary. ER  - 
Levetiracetam extended release conversion to monotherapy for the treatment of patients with partial-onset seizures: A double-blind, randomised, multicentre, historical control study$$$ This double-blind, randomised, multicentre, conversion to monotherapy, historical control study (N01280; NCT00419094) evaluated the efficacy, safety and tolerability of levetiracetam extended release (LEV XR) 2000. mg/day once daily for the treatment of patients with partial-onset seizures compared with a historical control. Patients aged 12-75 years with 2-40 partial-onset seizures per 4 weeks, taking 1-2 antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and receiving a stable dosage for ≥4 weeks prior to screening were randomised in a 3:1 ratio to LEV XR 2000 or 1000. mg/day. The study comprised baseline (8 weeks), LEV XR up-titration (2 weeks), baseline AED tapering (6 weeks), LEV XR monotherapy (10 weeks), and entry into open-label follow-up study or down-titration (1 week). The primary efficacy variable was the cumulative exit rate at Day 112 due to predefined exit criteria compared with the historical control. Of the 171 patients randomised to LEV XR 2000. mg/day and 57 randomised to 1000. mg/day, 141 (82.5%) and 50 (87.7%) completed the study. The cumulative exit rate for patients on LEV XR 2000. mg/day (0.375 [95% CI 0.297, 0.453]) was significantly lower than historical control (0.653). Both LEV doses were well tolerated. The most common adverse events during the treatment period were somnolence (21.9%), headache (19.7%) and convulsion (14.9%). © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Risk of self-harm in physically ill patients in UK primary care$$$ Objective: To examine self-harm risk across the adult age range in patients diagnosed with various physical illnesses using the General Practice Research Database - a broadly representative sample of all people registered with a family practice in the United Kingdom. Methods: We conducted a large nested case-control study sampled from the whole primary care cohort. During 2001-2008 we studied 2306 cases of self-harm and 46,120 age and gender-matched controls without such an episode recorded. Relative risks were estimated against reference patients with none of the examined physical illnesses. Additionally, we assessed confounding by recorded depression, effect modification by gender and multi-morbidity effects. Results: Risk was significantly elevated in relation to any of the physical illnesses (male OR 1.35, 95% CI 1.18-1.54; female OR 1.62, 95% CI 1.40-1.86). For both genders combined, risk was raised with each specific illness. Effects sizes were consistently larger in women. Adjustment for recorded depression explained much of the elevated risk, but not so in women with asthma, back pain, diabetes, epilepsy or hypertension. Raised risk was seen in younger adults and during middle age, but not among older people. There was a dose-response relationship with increasing number of physical illnesses, and in women this was independent of depression. Conclusion: Heightened risk was seen with a variety of physical illnesses. The findings indicate a need for tackling psychological distress and reducing self-harm risk in physically ill patients who attend primary healthcare services for non-psychiatric reasons, particularly so for women and younger and middle aged adults. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Epilepsy, suicidality, and psychiatric disorders: A bidirectional association$$$ Objective: A study was undertaken to determine whether psychiatric disorders associated with suicide are more common in incident epilepsy than in matched controls without epilepsy, before and after epilepsy diagnosis. Methods: A matched, longitudinal cohort study was conducted in the UK General Practice Research Database. A total of 3,773 cases diagnosed with epilepsy between the ages of 10 and 60 years were compared to 14,025 controls matched by year of birth, sex, general practice, and years of medical records before the index date. We examined first diagnosis of psychosis, depression, anxiety, and suicidality in each of the 3 years before and after the index date and annual prevalence of suicide. Referent diagnoses were eczema and acute surgery. The incidence rate ratio (IRR) was calculated for each year in the study period; the prevalence ratio (PR) was calculated for suicidality. Results: The IRR of psychosis, depression, and anxiety was significantly increased for all years before epilepsy diagnosis (IRR, 1.5-15.7) and after diagnosis (IRR, 2.2-10.9) and for suicidality before epilepsy diagnosis (IRR, 3.1-4.5) and 1 year after diagnosis (IRR, 5.3). The PR was increased for suicide attempt before epilepsy onset (PR, 2.6-5.2) and after onset (PR, 2.4-5.6). Eczema and acute surgery were both associated with epilepsy in the first and third year after diagnosis. Interpretation: Epilepsy is associated with an increased onset of psychiatric disorders and suicide before and after epilepsy diagnosis. These relations suggest common underlying pathophysiological mechanisms that both lower seizure threshold and increase risk for psychiatric disorders and suicide. ANN NEUROL 2012 Copyright © 2012 American Neurological Association. ER  - 
Impact of neurobehavorial comorbidities on cognitive trajectories in children with new onset epilepsy: A six-year longitudinal study$$$ Rationale: Cognitive abnormalities are an important potential comorbidity of childhood epilepsy, which are a major concern in public health. In a previous controlled prospective cohort study, we found that among children with new onset epilepsy, those with comorbid ADHD and/or Academic Problems (AP) exhibited a significantly abnormal trajectory with poorer cognitive performance, compared to those with no comorbidity and the healthy controls at baseline and 2 years later. The purpose of this study is to extend the previous longitudinal study and determine whether these trends of normal and abnormal cognitive trajectories remained 5 to 6 years after epilepsy onset. Methods: The sample consisted of 137 children between 8 and 18 years old with new onset idiopathic epilepsies (n = 75, mean = 12.52, SD = 3.23) and their healthy first-degree cousin controls (n = 62, mean = 12.99, SD = 3.03). All children underwent a neuropsychological evaluation at baseline, 2 years and 5 to 6 years following their initial evaluations. Standardized clinical and psychiatric assessment at baseline identified a group of children with epilepsy who presented with comorbid ADHD and/or AP (total n = 43). We used random effects modeling to characterize the longer term (5 - 6 years) outcomes of children with epilepsy with comorbid ADHD and/or AP compared to those with no comorbidity and the healthy controls. Results: The findings indicate that the prognostic significance of two specific neurobehavioral comorbidities, ADHD and AP, are associated with significant neuropsychological impairment (p < .05) across all cognitive domains at baseline testing, suggesting an antecedent neurobiological effect. Children with comorbid ADHD and/or AP show a significantly abnormal longitudinal trajectory (p < .001) with poorer cognitive performance across all three time points after epilepsy onset (see Figure 1 and 2). Notably, children with epilepsy with no comorbidity exhibit cognitive trajectories identical to the healthy controls. Conclusions: The results of this investigation demonstrate the persisting impact of key comorbid conditions (ADHD and/or AP) on cognitive development of children with epilepsy, with the effects continuing to 5 to 6 years following epilepsy onset. Children with new onset epilepsy and neurobehavioral comorbidities persisted with significantly worse baseline and prospective cognitive trajectories across all cognitive domains, especially executive functions and IQ. As these comorbidities can be identified at epilepsy diagnosis, this study shed light on the importance of early identification and intervention (e.g. medical, educational) to minimize the impact of these comorbidities on life outcomes. A future hypothesis to be tested is whether these comorbidities of childhood epilepsy and their neuropsychological effects will be associated with divergent life outcomes (e.g. employment, education, income) as has been shown to be the case in the general population of children with ADHD and learning disabilities. ER  - 
Risk factors for non-epileptic seizures in children: Learning and academic difficulties$$$ Rationale: Little is understood about risk factors for pediatric nonepileptic seizures (NES), a disorder with significant morbidity. Retrospective studies report learning or attention problems in 67% of NES children despite average IQ in 80% of this sample. This multisite study examined if NES children have undiagnosed learning challenges and compared learning disorder (LD) diagnoses, cognition, language, and academic achievement in NES children and their siblings. It also assessed the number and type of other comorbid psychiatric diagnoses associated with a LD diagnosis in the NES and sibling groups. Methods: NES participants were of school age (8-18 years) with confirmed typical NES episodes on video EEG. In this preliminary analysis, 22 NES and 22 siblings underwent structured psychiatric interviews, and standardized cognitive, language, and achievement testing. Chi-square analyses were used to examine differences in learning and psychiatric diagnosis distribution. Mixed models were applied to groups on cognitive, linguistic, and achievement measures, using family as a random effect. Within groups, non-parametric analyses were conducted. Results: Of the NES participants, 15 were female and 7 were male and sibling controls included 11 females and 11 males. Structured psychiatric interviews identified a similar high rate of LD NOS in 13 (59.1%) NES and 10 (45.5%) siblings. Nevertheless, parents reported learning difficulties in only one NES and one sibling. Standardized cognitive, language, and achievement scores revealed mean scores in the average range. The NES group (95.5%) had significantly more subjects with a psychiatric diagnosis than the siblings (72.7%) (p = .04). A LD diagnosis was unrelated to the presence of other psychiatric diagnoses in the NES group. In siblings with LD, 44.4% had a disruptive behavior diagnosis, mainly attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, compared to 7.7% of sibs without LD (p=.04). Despite co-occurring conversion disorder in all NES patients with LD compared to 1 sib, LD was not significantly associated with this diagnosis. Conclusions: Although NES children have high rates of LD, it is underreported by parents and not evident on standardized test scores. Recognition of learning difficulties in this population might result in earlier, accurate diagnosis of NES. Implications for future studies include assessing and appropriately managing LD in NES children and exploring the methods used to cope with LD in NES and their sibs. ER  - 
Epidemiology of comorbid conditions in persons with epilepsy: A longitudinal study in ohio medicaid population$$$ Rationale: To ascertain the occurrence of comorbid conditions in a cohort of persons with epilepsy (PWE). Methods: We analyzed claims data from the Ohio Medicaid Database between 1992 and 2008. Our epilepsy cohort consisted of patients who were (1) at least 18-year-old; (2) at least one visit of epilepsy diagnosis (ICD-9-CM: 345.xx) or at least two visits of non-febrile convulsions (ICD-9-CM: 780.3 or 780.39); and (3) at least one AED dispensing claim; and (4) at least one year of Medicaid enrollment prior to epilepsy diagnosis. We excluded individuals who enrolled in the Medicare program or the spend-down program. The incident cases of epilepsy were identified between 1994 and 2006. Comorbid conditions were extracted from the epilepsy population and then classified according to the World Health Organization's (WHO) International Classification of Diseases (ICD), 9th Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM). Results: There were 20,913 patients who met the study inclusion and exclusion criteria. The mean age was 38 years (range, 18-96 years). The median of observation period was 68.4 months (range, 0-180 months). Each patient had an average of 15 comorbid conditions during the entire period. When grouped by ICD-9-CM chapter, mental disorders were the most common comorbid conditions (85.5%). Other common comorbid conditions included diseases of the respiratory system (75.3%), diseases of the nervous system and sense organs, excluding epilepsy and convulsions (74.5%), injury and poisoning (66.2%). Depressive disorders and alcohol and drug dependence were the two most common conditions among mental disorders. Acute respiratory infections and chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases were the two most common respiratory tract diseases (52.2% and 47.9% respectively). The two most common neurological diseases were migraine (19.7%) and disorders of the peripheral nervous system (19.0%). Injuries and sprains (55.0%) and fractures (20.1%) were the two most common injuries. Top 10 most common individual chronic conditions were depressive disorders (58.5%), alcohol and drug dependence (55.3%), hypertensive diseases (50.4%), chronic pulmonary obstructive diseases (47.9%), anxiety disorder (37.6%), diabetes (28.4%), personality disorders (27.5%), ischemic stroke (20.2%), and ischemic heart disease (20.0%). Conclusions: PWE have high prevalence of both somatic and psychiatric comorbidities. It, however, remains to be determined whether these observed comorbidities are specific to epilepsy. ER  - 
Efficiency of different safety signals in the epilepsy monitoring unit: Should we worry?$$$ Rationale: Although epilepsy monitoring units (EMUs) are relatively safe (Noe KH, Drazkowski JF, 2009; Dobesberger J, et al., 2011), adverse events do occur during these elective admissions (hafer PO, et. al, 2011). Interest in EMU safety intensified after a highly publicized death (Maass B, 2008) was captured on video EEG, however, there is little consensus regarding the critical safety measures to prevent harm. We sought to determine whether the safety signals (SS) triggered during EMU events differed by seizure type, and to determine the efficiency of each of the different SS. Methods: We screened 468 consecutive elective EMU admissions from January 2008 until April 2011 for definitive events to evaluate the first 50 events for each of the following seizure types: complex partial seizures (CPS), generalized tonic clonic seizures (GTC), and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). In patients with more than one seizure type, the first event of each type with archived intact video, audio, and EEG data was used. LTM data with the corresponding report and electronic medical record were reviewed for all events. A total of 150 events from 129 unique patients were included. Demographics, seizure type, the specific SS alerting the response team, and response times were extracted. Telemetry signals included alarms for cardiac and/or oxygen desaturations. This study was approved by the institutional review board. Statistical analyses were performed using either ANOVA, fisher exact, or chi-square tests. Results: There was no group difference in patient age or number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) at time of admission. Patients with PNES were older at disease onset, had shorter length of illness, longer seizure duration (P<0.0005), and were more likely female (P<0.0002). There was no difference in overall mean response time to the different seizure types (Table 1). However, response time to push button (PB) was faster than telemetry signals for all groups (p<0.0001). Type of SS alerting the responder varied by event type: PNES were more likely signaled by PB, whereas CPS and GTC were signaled equally by telemetry and push button (Figure 1). Fifteen out of 150 events were missed. CPS (11) were more likely missed than GTC (4) and PNES (0) (p< 0.001). For these missed events, SS telemetry alarms were activated in 6/11 CPS and 3/4 GTC; the remainder had no SS triggered. Conclusions: In this retrospective study, we found overall response time to SS for the first EMU event does not differ by seizure type. Response time to PB is faster in alerting responders and a higher proportion of PNES were triggered by PB and not telemetry. Not all events trigger an SS, and a greater percentage of epileptic seizures are missed compared with PNES, which is cause for concern. Future studies investigating more effective techniques to trigger every event are critical, as 24/7 monitoring by health care professionals is not practical in many settings, especially in light of continued reductions in inpatient healthcare workers. ER  - 
Regional pet activations with trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS) and correlation with therapeutic response$$$ Rationale: TNS has shown promise as a treatment for epilepsy and depression in phase I clinical trials (1). TNS is hypothesized to have a mechanism of action similar to vagus nerve stimulation (VNS). To test this hypothesis and to better understand the potential mechanism of action of TNS, brain [O-15] water PET scans were obtained during TNS. In functional imaging studies during VNS, decreases in activation of medial temporal regions are consistently seen, as are increases in activation of the bilateral anterior cingulate gyri and dorsomedial and dorsolateral prefrontal cortices (2-5). Methods: Five subjects with major depressive disorder enrolled in a phase I clinical trial of TNS as a depression therapy underwent six PET scans prior to starting the trial. Three scans were acquired while receiving 60 seconds of TNS at maximum tolerated intensity. Three were acquired with TNS turned on but current set to zero. For each scan, TNS was initiated at the time of [O-15] water IV injection. Clinical response to TNS was assessed by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD). Regional brain activity was analyzed by statistical parametric mapping (spm). Correlations were examined between change in HAM-D (score at week 8 minus score at baseline) and PET data analyzed using the standardized volume of interest (sVOI) method. Results: The most significant activations with TNS by spm analyses occurred in the left inferior frontal gyrus, right medial and middle frontal gyrus, bilateral parietotemporal cortex and bilateral anterior cingulate gyri. The most significant deactivations with TNS by spm analyses occurred in the left parahippocampal gyrus, right sensorimotor, right superior parietal area, bilateral temporo-occipital cortex and bilateral visual cortex. The right superior parietal region showed the strongest negative correlation, with stronger deactivation being associated with less significant improvement in HAM-D. Conversely, stronger deactivation in the left caudate was associated with better clinical response (r=0.93, p=0.023). The patient with the least clinical response (HAM-D change of -4) showed activation in this left caudate area. Conclusions: TNS activations and deactivations occur in regions important for epilepsy and depression. These activations and deactivations show some overlap with findings in VNS functional neuroimaging studies. This suggests potential similarities in mechanism of action between TNS and VNS. The correlation of PET data with clinical response may enable prediction of clinical response early in the course of treatment. ER  - 
Depression and quality of life in women with epilepsy during the menopause transition$$$ Rationale: The psychiatric and physiologic effects of menopause on women with epilepsy have not been systematically investigated. In this study, our objective was to investigate the association of depressive symptoms and vasomotor symptoms in women with epilepsy stratified by menopause phase (pre, peri, and postmenopause). Methods: We conducted a survey of women with epilepsy, ages of 40- 60, attending the Cleveland Clinic outpatient Epilepsy Center. These women were invited to complete a face to face questionnaire, which consisted of the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D), Menopause Related Quality of Life Scale (MENQOL), Fund of knowledge of menopause questionnaire developed by the Institute of Aging, and overall severity of illness using the Clinical Global Impressions. The statistical analysis relied primarily on descriptive analyses. The study was IRB approved. Results: Fifty three women, between the ages of 40-60, completed the questionnaires. Depression as defined by a CES - D > 25 was observed in 35% of the peri and postmenopausal women and 22% of premenopausal women. The MENQOL data showed perimenopausal women experienced more vasomotor symptoms than either pre or postmenopausal women, however this was not associated with higher risk for major depression. In the assessment of fund of knowledge regarding menopause, 76% of women in the perimenopausal group and 50% of the postmenopausal group scored high in the level of knowledge regarding the menopause transition. Conclusions: This study highlights women with epilepsy are at increased risk for depression during the menopause transition. Perimenopausal women are more affected by vasomotor symptoms as compared to menopausal women. Further investigation on the psychiatric and physiologic effects of menopause transition on women with epilepsy should result in increased awareness and enhanced care for this patient population. ER  - 
Do anxiety disorders worsen the severity of comorbid depressive episodes in patients with epilepsy?$$$ Rationale: In people with primary depressive disorders, anxiety has been shown to worsen depressive episodes. Yet, in people with epilepsy (PWE), this phenomenon has yet to be established. Given the high comorbidity of depressive and anxiety disorders in PWE, this question needs to be addressed. Our aim is to determine whether the presence of anxiety disorders worsen the severity of depressive episodes. Methods: Structured interviews with the MINI International neuropsychiatric interview were administered to 188 PWE to identify the presence of mood and anxiety disorders according to DSM-IV criteria. Patients were grouped according to the following psychiatric diagnosis: 1) Asymptomatic; 2) Subsyndromic depressive episode (SSDE); 3) Major depressive episode (MDE); 4) One anxiety disorder (1AD); 5) >1AD; 6) Current mixed MDE w/ 1AD; 7) Current mixed MDE w/ >1AD. Severity of depressive episodes were measured with three selfrating scales: Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II), Centers for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression (CES-D), and Cornell Dysthymic Rating Scale (CDRS). We used ANOVA for comparison of the total scores of the 3 instruments among the diagnostic groups; post-hoc analyses with Bonferroni were carried out. Results: The comorbidity of MDE and Anxiety Disorders yielded significantly higher total scores in the BDI-II, CES-D and CDRS compared to the scores obtained with only MDE [BDI (p = 0.014), CES-D (p = 0.015), and CDRS (p = 0.04)], but this was identified only if more than one type of anxiety disorder was present. Conclusions: These results demonstrate that the presence of anxiety disorders can worsen the severity of comorbid depressive episodes in PWE. Therefore, it is imperative that clinicians not limit themselves to the screening of depression, but include a screen for anxiety disorders in PWE. ER  - 
Generic substitution of lamotrigine among medicaid patients with diverse indications: A cohort-crossover study$$$ Background: Controversy exists about the safety of substituting generic antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Lamotrigine, the prototypical newer AED, is often used for psychiatric and neurological conditions other than epilepsy. The safety of generic substitution of lamotrigine in diverse populations ofAEDusers is unclear. Objective: The objective of this study was to evaluate potential associations between generic substitution of lamotrigine and adverse consequences in a population of diverse users of this drug. Study Design: This study was a retrospective cohort-crossover design using state Medicaid claims data from July 2006 through June 2009. Methods: Subjects were included in the cohort if they converted from brand to generic lamotrigine and had 2 years of lamotrigine use prior to conversion. The frequency of emergency department (ED) visits, hospitalizations and condition-specific ED visits or hospitalizations were recorded in the 60 days immediately following the conversion to generic lamotrigine, then compared with the incidence of the same events during a randomly selected time period indexed to one of the patient's past refills of branded lamotrigine. Multivariate conditional logistic regression was used to quantify the association between generic conversion and health services utilization while controlling for changes in lamotrigine dose and concurrent drug use. Results: Of the 616 unique subjects included in this analysis, epilepsy was the most common diagnosis (41%), followed by bipolar disorder (32%), pain (30%) and migraine (18%). Conversion to generic lamotrigine was not associated with a statistically significant increase in the odds of an ED visit (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 1.35; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.92, 1.97), hospitalization (AOR = 1.21; 95% CI 0.60, 2.50) or condition-specific encounter (AOR 1.75; 95 CI 0.87, 3.51). Conclusions: A statistically significant increase in ED visits, hospitalizations or condition-specific encounters was not observed following the switch from brand to generic lamotrigine, although a type II error cannot be ruled out. © 2012 Springer International Publishing AG. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A comparison of propofol and thiopentone for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objectives: To compare propofol and thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with respect to seizure duration, stimulus charge, and clinical effects. Materials and Methods: Randomized, blinded study of 28 patients of depression treated with bilateral ECT. In group P (n = 14), sedation was achieved with propofol 1.5 mg/kg, whereas in group T (n = 14), it was achieved with thiopentone 3 mg/ kg IV. Succinylcholine 0.4 mg/kg intravenous was given in all patients as for neuromuscular blockade. Results: The mean seizure duration of the patients in the thiopental group was 83 34.43 seconds vs. 94.45 21.37 seconds in the propofol group (P < 0.01). The energy delivered per treatment was 10.88 4.78 J in the thiopental group vs. 12.20 4.53 J in the propofol group (P < 0.05). Number of ECTs required were significantly higher in propofol group (9.71 2.87) as compared to thiopental group (5.86 0.36) P < 0.0001. No significant difference in duration of hospitalization was seen in both groups. The mean score on Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) was 29.14 in the thiopental group vs. 29.57 in the propofol group (P > 0.05). The mean score on Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) was 7.14 in the thiopental group vs. 3.29 in the propofol group (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Propofol significantly increases number of ECT required to treat although the patients received higher electrical charge and had longer seizure duration. BDI scores suggest this resulted in better outcome. Results, however, might be confounded by the differences in pharmacological treatment in the groups. ER  - 
Catatonic disorder due to a general medical or psychiatric condition$$$ Identification of individuals with catatonic disorder secondary to a general medical condition (CD-GMC) may affect both acute and long-term patient management. The authors performed a 20-year retrospective cohort analysis of all patients meeting DSM-IV-TR criteria for catatonic subtypes seen at our institution. Encephalitis was the most common etiologic diagnosis among patients with CD-GMC, and lumbar puncture the test most likely to affect acute management. Univariate logistic-regression analysis utilizing Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons yielded absence of a psychiatric history and history of clinical seizure as variables increasing the likelihood of a diagnosis of CD-GMC. Prospective evaluation across a larger patient series will be required to better identify patients with catatonia who would benefit from neurologic evaluation. © 2012 American Psychiatric Association. ER  - 
Evaluation of psychotropic drugs use pattern among out patients attending psychiatry department at Government Medical College and Hospital, Nagpur: A cross sectional study$$$ Psychotropic drugs are costly, imparting pill burden on patients and monitorial burden on health care system due to irrational prescribing. Our aim was to find drug utilization pattern amongst out-patients attending the psychiatry out-patient department of Government Medical College, Nagpur. This was the prospective, cross sectional and observational study over 22 weeks on 515 newly diagnosed psychiatric patients. Results are expressed in percentage (%). Average drugs per prescription were 2.05±0.006 in men and 1.90±0.05 in women. 100% drugs were prescribed by brand names. The cost of drugs per prescription in Indian rupees was 68.33±7.30. Most common drug group prescribed was antidepressant (60.4%). Olanzapine use was highest (26.6%). Irrational co-prescription, antidepressant + BZD (15.5%) was commonest. Women were prescribed more antidepressants (Tricyclics > SSRI) (17.7%, χ2=4.26, p<0.039). Less than 45 years accounted for most prescription. The common psychiatric illness was ". schizophrenia and other psychiatric illnesses". None of drug was prescribed by generics. So we are at conclusion that prescription pattern is irrational and this should be intervened by educating prescribers about rational prescribing in psychiatry. ER  - 
Identifying predictors of violence in patient-caregiver dyads of four neurological diseases$$$ Introduction: Chronic neurological diseases may be risk factors for suffering or exerting violence between caregivers and patients. Objective: To describe the predictors of violence for dyads of four neurological diseases. Methods: Cross-sectional study conducted between December 2009 and March 2011. Purposive sample: 185 user's dyads of a third-care referral center (INNN). We evaluated 49 patients with Parkinson's disease, 44 with cerebrovascular diseases, 45 with multiple sclerosis and 47 with epilepsy. A survey was designed to explore the dependent variable (self-reported violence) and associated variables: psychological stressors (depression and anxiety, quality of life, social support, perceived control, hostility and aid, economic violence, and abuse in the childhood), caregiver variables (burden, age, education, care and time daycare hours) and patients' characteristics (age, education, functional status, cognitive status, and time to disease). We performed nonparametric statistics and multiple regressions. Results: A total of 32.4% of caregivers and 33.5% of patients reported violence. The predictors of violence in caregivers were: perceived aggressive behavior and control from the patient, patient suffering of economic and violence burden. In the patient the predictors of violence were: economic violence suffering, caregiver's perceived aggressive behavior, poor quality of life, exerting control over the caregiver, experiencing violence in childhood, longer disease and age and childhood maltreatment in the caregiver. Global (patient-caregiver) predictors in dyads were: aggressive patients, both perceived control and attention burden. The variable reported greater explanatory weight: patient perception of aggression. Conclusions: Perceiving hostile behavior, burden control and patient's aggression are predictors of violence in dyadic interaction. ER  - 
Can and should ILAE classification be replaced by semiology-based classification?$$$ Introduction: The currently accepted classification of the International League Against Epilepsy is not a semiologic classification of the epileptic seizures. Objective: To determine whether it is possible to obtain a semiologic classification of the epileptic seizures based on history taking and by this, to estimate location and laterality of the epileptic zone. Methods: A cross-sectional multicenter double-blind study was performed on 189 patients referred to surgical evaluation from 2007 to 2011. A standardized-structure questionnaire and video-telemetry was used to collect the main information. Results: Auras, focal seizures, aphasia, ictal psychosis, postictal confusion, head version, hemicranea and peri-ictal amnesia allowed identification of the seizures onset. The time sequence in which typical temporal auras appeared, focal frontal seizures followed by focal or generalized hemiconvulsion, or with lower-limb automatisms without oral automatisms associated with confusion, depression and the existence of a latency period allowed clear differentiation of epileptic zone. Conclusion: Peri-ictal symptoms evaluated by video-EEG can be obtained by a detailed history taking, which associated with seizures signs and symptoms and analyzed in strict temporal order could allow estimation of the laterality and location of the epileptic zone. ER  - 
Familial juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus in Arab children$$$ Aim of this study is to analyze the demographic, clinical, and biochemical features, and survival of familial juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus (FJSLE) in Arab children. The medical records of children with FJSLE seen at three pediatric rheumatology clinics in Saudi Arabia and Oman were retrospectively reviewed. All included children have met the following criteria: Arab ethnicity, definite diagnosis of SLE using the revised 1982 American College of Rheumatology classification criteria and family history of more than one affected sibling with SLE. The collected data included: Gender, age at diagnosis, clinical and laboratory features at diagnosis. Unusual co-morbidity and mortality associated with the disease were studied. There were 50 children with FJSLE belonging to 18 families; the frequency of FJSLE in our cohort was 20.8%. The mean age at onset of SLE was 86 months (range, 18-168 months), while the mean age at diagnosis was 95 months (range, 24-192 months), and the mean duration of follow-up was 60.9 months (range, 7-132 months). The proportion of girls was predominant (78%). Autosomal recessive mode of inheritance was strongly suggested in number of our families. Mucocutaneous manifestations, arthritis, and nephritis were the most frequent features. Thirty-five patients had renal lesions, 18 of them had class IV nephritis according WHO classification. All patients were treated with different doses of steroid and immunosuppressive drugs; 37 (74%) patients received cyclophosphamide, and 6 patients treated with Rituximab. There were 5 patients required dialysis due to ESRD and 8 deaths related to SLE during the period of follow-up. FJSLE is not uncommon in our society. These findings may be helpful in identifying SLE patients with a stronger genetic predisposition; hopefully, one or more additional risk loci can be identified in multiplex Arab families that are different from what has been reported in other ethnic populations. © Springer-Verlag 2011. ER  - 
HLA-A31 strongly associates with carbamazepine-induced adverse drug reactions but not with carbamazepine-induced lymphocyte proliferation in a Japanese population$$$ Carbamazepine (CBZ) is the most frequent culprit drug for severe cutaneous adverse drug reactions (ADR), such as Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS), toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) and drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (DIHS). A strong association between human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-B*1502 and CBZ-induced SJS/TEN has been reported in Han Chinese, Thai, Malaysian and Indian populations, but not in Caucasian or Japanese populations. Recent studies showed an association between HLA-A*3101 and CBZ-induced ADR in Caucasian and Japanese populations. We conducted a case-control study to determine HLA genotyping of patients with CBZ-induced ADR in a Japanese population. Fifteen patients with CBZ-induced ADR and 33 subjects who had taken CBZ for more than 3 months without evidence of any ADR as a control were enrolled. In addition, the results of a CBZ-induced lymphocyte stimulation test were compared between the groups. A strong association was found between HLA-A31 and CBZ-induced ADR (P < 0.001), and a weak association was found between HLA-A11 and HLA-B51 with CBZ-induced ADR. No HLA-B*1502 was found in either patients or control subjects. The mean CBZ-induced lymphocyte stimulation index was significantly high in patients with CBZ-induced ADR compared with CBZ-tolerant patients (P < 0.001); however, no significant difference was seen between HLA-A31-positive subjects and HLA-A31-negative subjects in either group. These findings suggest that HLA-A31 is strongly associated with CBZ-induced ADR in the Japanese, but does not determine CBZ-induced lymphocyte proliferation. © 2011 Japanese Dermatological Association. ER  - 
Identifying the palliative care needs of patients living with cerebral tumors and metastases: A retrospective analysis$$$ Primary tumors and metastatic involvement of the central nervous system (CNS) lead to a multitude of symptoms and care needs. Patients and caregivers struggle with physical and psychological impairments, a shortened life expectancy and diverse palliative care needs. This study assesses the symptom burden and palliative care needs of patients with primary brain tumors and with metastatic brain tumors requiring inpatient hospital care. It is a retrospective analysis of patients with primary CNS tumors or cerebral metastases over a 6 month period. The data analysed included physical symptom burden and end of life care decisions such as health care proxy, transition to hospice and do-notresuscitate orders. Hundred and sixty eight patients were included. The most common symptoms were gait impairment (65.5 %), cognitive/personality change (61.9 %), motor deficits (58.3 %), seizures (57.1 %) and delirium (27.4 %). Of the patients that died, 79 % had an appointed health care proxy, 79 %had hospice discussions, 70 %had a do-not-resuscitate order and 24 % received cancer directed therapy in the last month of life. There is a role for more aggressive palliative care support in patients living with primary or metastatic brain tumors. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Paroxysmal nonepileptic events in pediatric patients confirmed by long-term video-EEG monitoring — Single tertiary center review of 143 patients$$$ The purpose of the study was to evaluate the clinical characteristics of paroxysmal nonepileptic events (PNEs) in pediatric patients. Reports of 1108 patients who underwent long-term video-EEG monitoring at Seoul National University Children's Hospital were reviewed retrospectively. One hundred forty-three (12.9%) patients were diagnosed as having PNEs. The most common type of PNE was staring. Staring, tonic posturing, sleep myoclonus, and sleep related disorders were more common in patients younger than 6 years old. Psychogenic nonepileptic seizure was the most common PNE in patients older than 6 years. Patients who were younger than 6 years old showed shorter disease duration and more varied types of PNEs when compared to older patients (6 years old or older). Presence of epilepsy was not significantly related to clinical difference in PNEs. In patients with developmental delay, staring and tonic posture were significantly more frequent than patients without developmental delay. Thirty-two patients without concurrent epilepsy were misdiagnosed of epilepsy, and AEDs were discontinued after the correct diagnosis of PNEs. Whenever the diagnosis of paroxysmal abnormal behavior is uncertain, correct diagnosis should be made using long-term video-EEG monitoring, especially in younger pediatric patients and patients with developmental delay. ER  - 
Neurobiologic correlates between sexual activity and women's mood$$$ Introduction: Vagino-cervical stimulation and orgasm may influence mood since sexual intercourse and orgasm physiologically stimulate the vagal nerve and increase the secretion of oxytocin. Objective: To explain physiopathologic correlations between sexual intercourse and orgasm from one part and women's mood from another part. Methods: A review of the literature published via MedLine is done without any restrictions, using the terms “vagino-cervical stimulation” or “orgasm” in association with “affect” or “mood” or “stress”. Results: Vagal nerve bypasses the spinal cord in its course to the brain and constitute the afferent pathway stimulating orgasm. Vagal nerve stimulation is an adjunctive long-term treatment of chronic or recurrent depression. Epilepsy patients who have received vagal nerve stimulation have shown improvement in depressive symptoms. Vagal nerve stimulation may activate the release of oxytocin, noradrenalin and serotonin via the stimulation of the tractus solitaris. Vagino-cervical stimulation releases oxytocin into plasma via the Ferguson reflex. Oxytocin's origin is predominantly in neurons of the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus that project axons into the posterior pituitary, where they release oxytocin into the systemic circulation in response to vagino-cervical stimulation and orgasm. Studies of brain imaging indicate increased activation at women's orgasm in the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus, periaqueductal gray of the midbrain, hippocampus, and the cerebellum. There has been at least one clinical trial showing that daily intranasal oxytocin led to improvements in depressive symptoms and reactivity to stressful life events. Conclusion: Orgasm and vagino-cervical stimulation affects mood level in women. ER  - 
Epileptiform abnormalities in children at ADHD assessment and at 4 years follow-up$$$ There are some relationships between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), ADHD symptoms and interictal epileptiform abnormalities (EA) on EEG. Purpose: To investigate whether EA recorded at the time of ADHD assessment influence on epileptic seizures (ESz) occurrence during 4 years follow-up. Methods: A retrospective study of 607 ADHD children (82.4% male), aged between 5 and 14 years, who were diagnosed between January 2000 and December 2005. At least one routine EEG was performed in 517 patients, 14 of them had previous history of epilepsy. The 27 patients with EA and without epilepsy were followed-up for 4 years. Measure outcomes were: the ESz occurrence and the persistence of EA. Results: Among 27 patients with EA at baseline, five had some symptoms suggestive for ESz. At follow-up 4 years later none of these 27 patients had developed ESz. EA disappeared on the control EEG in the majority of patients. EA in ADHD children without epilepsy co-morbidity do not necessarily suggest an increased seizure risk and a careful diagnostic consideration is warranted. Conclusions: EA occur more often in children with ADHD regardless of the previous history of epilepsy. A careful diagnostic consideration is needed in order not to overestimate the temporarily occurrence of EA during the ADHD assessment. ER  - 
Insomnia in epilepsy patients. Clinical and polysomnographic characteristics. A retrospective study$$$ Introduction: Patients with epilepsy have multiple sleep problems, including insomnia. Mood disorders are a signiicant co-morbidity in epilepsy. There is a high prevalence of insomnia in patients with mood disorders. The clinical and polysomnographic (PSG) characteristics of patients with epilepsy and insomnia have not been described. Methods: The medical records of all patients seen at Sleep Disorders Center afiliated to a Epilepsy Center were reviewed over a 6 months period. All adults with epilepsy presenting with insomnia were selected. These patients were matched with consecutive patients presenting with insomnia and no epilepsy (controls). Results: Seventeen adult patients with epilepsy met inclusion criteria. Among epilepsy patients, 76.7% were women, the mean age was 40.7 years and 58.8 % had partial seizures. Dificulties to fall asleep was present in 76.4% patients with epilepsy vs. 88.2% of controls, and 68.7% of epilepsy patients had troubles staying sleep vs. 82.4 of controls (there was no statistically signiicant differences). At time of presentation 52.9% of patients were using a sleep medication vs. 64.7% of controls. Sleep medication was used in the past by 76.5% of patients and 88.5% of controls. Zolpidem was the most common sleep medication prescribed among patients and controls (64.7 % and 76.5% ,respectively) followed by melatonin (41.2 % and 41.2%, respectively). These results were not statistically signiicant. Patients with epilepsy had a statistically signiicant higher percentage of depression compared to controls (52.9% vs. 17.6%, p=0.028). PSG showed a mean sleep eficiency of 69.0% with a mean sleep latency of 48.8 minutes among epilepsy patients. These results did not differ from controls. Sleep disordered breathing was present in 50.0 % of patients and 44.4% of controls. Conclusion: Adults patients with epilepsy and insomnia have a higher prevalence depression compared to insomnia patients. There is a high percentage of use of sleep medications among these patients and zolpidem is the most common medication used. The clinical and PSG characteristic did not differ when compared with controls. ER  - 
Medical and developmental risk factors of catatonia in children and adolescents: A prospective case control study$$$ Context.- Rare diseases have been associated with more and more genetic and non-genetic causes and risk factors. But this has not been systematically assessed in catatonia, one of the psychiatric syndromes, that is the most frequently associated with medical condition. Objective.- We sought to assess the medical and developmental risk factors of catatonia in children and adolescents. Methods.- From 1993 to 2009, 58 youths aged 10 to 18 years were prospectively admitted for catatonia and were followed up after discharge. A multidisciplinary approach assessed patients' medical condition and developmental history. A causality assessment scored medical risk (maximum score = 10; κ = 0.91). We compared the prevalence of catatonia in these patients to that of 80 inpatients with bipolar I disorder admitted from 1993 to 2003 who were also followed up. Results.- We found that 13 (22.4%) patients had medical conditions and 18 (31%) had a history of developmental disorder in the catatonia group, whereas one (1.3%) and 17 (22.6%) patient had the same conditions in the bipolar group (P < 0.001; P = 0.17, respectively). Medical conditions associated with catatonia included auto-immune encephalitis (systemic lupus erythematosus [n = 3] and anti-NMDA-receptor encephalitis [n = 1]), seizures (n = 1), ciclosporin encephalitis (n = 1), post hypoglycaemic coma encephalitis (n = 1), and genetic or metabolic conditions (Chorea [n = 2], 5HT cerebrospinal fluid deficit [n = 1], storage disease [n = 1], fatal familial insomnia [FFI; n = 1], and PRODH mutations [n = 1]). Six patients responded to a specific treatment approach related to their medical condition (e.g., plasma exchange in the case of auto-immune encephalitis). Conclusion.- Catatonia in children and adolescents is associated with a high prevalence of medical conditions. This needs to be acknowledged as it may greatly delay the treatment of catatonia and the diagnosis of medically related catatonia. Tragically, this may deny patients treatment opportunities. ER  - 
Continuous interferon-α,2b infusion in combination with ribavirin for chronic hepatitis C in treatment-experienced patients$$$ Background: Sustained virological response (SVR) rates in previous non-responders to pegylated interferon (PEGIFN)-α and ribavirin for chronic HCV remain low (∼10%). We hypothesize that continuous subcutaneous delivery of fully potent interferon (IFN)-α2b via an external pump will lead to stable blood concentrations and thereby prevent subtherapeutic trough levels associated with viral breakthrough. The aims of the study were to assess safety, tolerability and virological response in patients who were previous PEG-IFN-α/ribavirin non-responders. Methods: We randomized 30 HCV genotype 1 (n=24) and genotype 4 (n=6) patients to receive 6, 9 or 12 million units (MU) IFN-α2b daily by continuous subcutaneous administration using an insulin pump (MiniMed® 508; Medtronic Inc., Minneapolis, MN, USA) in combination with ribavirin (1,000-1,600 mg) for 48 weeks. Results: The magnitude of viral decline in the 12 MU group after 4 weeks of treatment was 2.67 log HCV RNA compared with 1.21 and 1.27 log HCV RNA in the 9 and 6 MU groups, respectively (P=0.001). In the intention-to-treat analysis, the SVR rate was 20% (6/30). The perprotocol SVR rate was 25% (6/24), of which four out of six patients in the high-dose arm achieved SVR. Adverse events appeared dose-dependent, were mostly mild-to-moderate and were typical of IFN therapy. Five patients developed irritation and/or abscesses at the injection site. Six serious adverse events were reported in five patients. Conclusions: Continuous delivery of IFN-α2b can induce a strong dose-dependent viral suppression. This could be an effective approach in conjunction with, or as lead-in therapy prior to, treatment with a direct antiviral agent. ©2012 International Medical Press. ER  - 
Prevalence of preventable medication-related hospitalizations in Australia: An opportunity to reduce harm$$$ Objective: To identify the prevalence of potentially preventable medication-related hospitalizations amongst elderly Australian veterans by applying clinical indicators to administrative claims data. Design and Setting: Retrospective cohort study in the Australian veteran population from 1 January 2004 to 31 December 2008. Participants: A total of 109 044 veterans with one or more hospitalizations defined by the medication-related clinical indicator set, during the 5-year study period. Main Outcome Measure: The prevalence of potentially preventable medication-related hospitalizations as a proportion of all hospitalizations defined by the clinical indicator set. Results: During the 5-year study period, there were a total of 1 630 008 hospital admissions of which 216 527 (13.3%) were for conditions defined by the medication-related clinical indicator set for 109 044 veterans. The overall proportion of potentially preventable medication-related hospitalizations was 20.3% (n = 43 963). Of the 109 044 veterans included in the study, 28 044 (25.7%) had at least one potentially preventable medication-related hospitalization and 7245 (6.6%) veterans had two or more potentially preventable admissions. Conditions with both a high prevalence of hospitalization and preventability included asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder, depression and thromboembolic cerebrovascular event (23.3, 18.5 and 18.3%, respectively, were potentially preventable). Other hospitalizations that were less common but had a high level of preventability (at least 20%) included hip fracture, impaction, renal failure, acute confusion, bipolar disorder and hyperkalaemia. Conclusions: The results of this study highlight those conditions where hospitalizations could potentially be avoided through improved medication management. Strategies to increase the awareness, identification and resolution of these medication-related problems contributing to these hospitalizations are required in Australia. © The Author 2012. Published by Oxford University Press in association with the International Society for Quality in Health Care; all rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of propofol and ketamine as combined anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depressive disorder$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a preferred therapy for major depressive disorder. Intravenous propofol, a sedative and hypnotic agent, is one of the choices of anesthetic for ECT. Ketamine, another anesthetic agent, providing sedation, amnesia, and analgesia, can also be used in patients undergoing ECT owing to its rapid action and persistent antidepressive effect. One adverse effect of ketamine is cardiovascular excitement, which may be reduced by propofol. Currently, the effects of combined anesthesia (propofol and ketamine) for patients with depressive disorder who have undergone ECT are unclear. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of the combined agents for patients undergoing ECT. METHODS: Forty-eight patients with Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores greater than 20 were randomly divided into 3 groups (n = 16 each): propofol group (group P), ketamine group (group K), and propofol plus ketamine group (group PK). Propofol (1.5 mg/kg), ketamine (0.8 mg/kg), and propofol (1.5 mg/kg) plus ketamine (0.8 mg/kg) were infused to each group of patients, respectively, before ECT by an anesthesiologist with no knowledge of the HDRS score. For the purpose of this study, the patients received a single ECT treatment and were assessed for depression using the HDRS scores (1 day before ECT and days 1, 2, 3, and 7 after the ECT treatment) by a psychiatrist with no knowledge of the randomization group. After the final assessment, the patients received further treatment as needed up to 3 treatments per week. Seizure energy index, seizure duration, and adverse effects were observed during anesthesia by a nurse with no knowledge of the study group. RESULTS: The HDRS scores improved earlier in group K and group PK. Decreases in HDRS scores were significantly greater in group K and group PK compared with those in group P. The adverse effects in group PK were fewer than those in group K. Seizure energy index and seizure duration in group K and group PK were higher and longer than those in group P during ECT. CONCLUSION: The results suggested that propofol combined with ketamine anesthesia might be the first-choice anesthesia in patients with depressive disorder undergoing ECT. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Depressive and anxiety disorders in epilepsy: Do they differ in their potential to worsen common antiepileptic drug-related adverse events?$$$ Purpose: To compare the effect of anxiety disorders, major depressive episodes (MDEs), and subsyndromic depressive episodes (SSDEs) on antiepileptic drug (AED)-related adverse events (AEs) in persons with epilepsy (PWE). Methods: The study included 188 consecutive PWE from five U.S. outpatient epilepsy clinics, all of whom underwent structured interviews (SCID) to identify current and past mood disorders and other current Axis I psychiatric diagnoses according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision (DSM-IV-TR) criteria. A diagnosis of SSDE was made in patients with total Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) scores >12 or the Centers of Epidemiologic Studies-Depression (CES-D) > 16 (in the absence of any DSM diagnosis of mood disorder. The presence and severity of AEs was measured with the Adverse Event Profile (AEP). Key Findings: Compared to asymptomatic patients (n = 103), the AEP scores of patients with SSDE (n = 26), MDE only (n = 10), anxiety disorders only (n = 21), or mixed MDE/anxiety disorders (n = 28) were significantly higher, suggesting more severe AED-related AEs. Univariate analyses revealed that having persistent seizures in the last 6 months and taking antidepressants was associated with more severe AEs. Post hoc analyses, however, showed that these differences were accounted for by the presence of a depressive and/or anxiety disorders. Significance: Depressive and anxiety disorders worsen AED-related AEs even when presenting as a subsyndromic type. These data suggest that the presence of psychiatric comorbidities must be considered in their interpretation, both in clinical practice and AED drug trials. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2012 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
The adverse event profile of pregabalin across different disorders: A meta-analysis$$$ Purpose In a recent meta-analysis of 38 double-blind randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pregabalin (PGB) to placebo, we found 20 adverse events (AEs) to be significantly associated with PGB treatment. In the present study, we evaluated whether the incidence of these 20 AEs differs across distinct disorders in which PGB was investigated. Methods Among the 38 previously identified RCTs of PGB, we selected only those including a PGB 600 mg/day arm and subsequently classified them into four distinct groups according to the disorder in which PGB was investigated: (1) drug-resistant partial epilepsy, (2) psychiatric disorders, (3) fibromyalgia, and (4) neuropathic pain. We used risk differences (RDs) to quantify the placebo-corrected proportion of subjects discontinuing PGB due to intolerable AEs and to determine the placebo-corrected incidence of each of the 20 PGB AEs across the four disorders. Results Twenty-two RCTs were included in this study. Neither the proportion of subjects discontinuing PGB due to intolerable AEs nor the incidence of PGB AEs (with the exception of ataxia) differed significantly across the four disorders. Ataxia was more common in drug-resistant partial epilepsy compared to fibromyalgia. When limiting analyses to subjects on placebo, most vestibulo-cerebellar AEs (ataxia, diplopia, and blurred vision) were found to be more common in drugresistant partial epilepsy compared to all other disorders. Diplopia and blurred vision were more common in epilepsy than in neuropathic pain; and ataxia had a higher incidence in epilepsy than in anxiety disorder and fibromyalgia. Among other CNS AEs, somnolence was more common in epilepsy compared to neuropathic pain and in anxiety disorders alone compared to neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia. Asthenia was also more common in epilepsy than in neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia. Conclusions Although drug-resistant partial epilepsy is associated with a higher probability of developing vestibulo-cerebellar AEs, the risk for PGB toxicity does not differ across distinct disorders. © Springer-Verlag 2012. ER  - 
A retrospective observational study of enuresis, daytime voiding symptoms, and response to medical therapy in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder$$$ Introduction: Children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) show an increased prevalence of enuresis and other daytime voiding symptoms (DVS). There is also some evidence toward an increased prevalence of enuresis among children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD), but with no data available with respect to DVS or response to medical treatment. The aim of this study was to assess enuresis and DVS, along with treatment outcomes, in children with ASD, to aid urological management. Methods: A retrospective observational study on the incidence of enuresis and other DVS in 671 children with/without ADHD/ASD was performed. Symptomatic improvement ≥50% was required to be considered positive. Complete resolution of symptoms for 3 months after cessation of treatment was considered cure. Results: Symptomatic improvement with desmopressin or anticholinergic treatment was seen in 76% of patients without ADHD/ASD, 85% of patients with ADHD, and 100% of patients with ASD. Cure was seen in 61% of patients without ADHD/ASD, 48% of patients with ADHD, and 50% patients with ASD. Mean time to cure was 9 months in those without ADHD/ASD (N = 319), 10 months in those with ADHD (N = 62), and 8 months in those with ASD (N = 10) (P = 0.69). Conclusion: Despite the small sample size of patients with ASD, our data show a favorable trend toward efficacy of desmopressin and anticholinergic therapy in these children with enuresis and DVS. © 2011 Journal of Pediatric Urology Company. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A study of educational underachievement in Indian children with epilepsy$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a chronic disorder that significantly affects learning and behavior. Children with epilepsy are much more vulnerable for educational problems than with any other chronic illness. Objectives: The study was conducted to assess the extent of educational problems and factors associated with educational underachievement in Indian children with epilepsy. Methods: It was a case control study and included 100 cases of 6-16. years age of epilepsy, 50 healthy children (control A) and 50 children with persistent asthma (control B). Their demographic and disease variables were evaluated. The educational performance was assessed by using a predesigned semi structured open ended questionnaire to parents and by teacher's report. Psychological evaluation was done in first step by using a standard questionnaire, childhood psychopathology measurement schedule. In second step, those have shown poor educational performance or significant score in standard questionnaire underwent detailed psychiatric evaluation. Results: Educational problems were reported in cases (36%), control A (2%) and control B (16%). Demographic or disease variables were not associated with educational problems in cases except that boys were more affected than girls. On psychiatric evaluation psychopathological illnesses (47%) like attention deficit hyperkinetic disorder, conduct disorder and depression were found to be commonly associated with poor educational performance (47%) followed by decreased learning opportunities (22.2%) and borderline intelligence (19.4%) in children with epilepsy. Conclusion: Educational problems are commoner in children with epilepsy than with asthma. Psychopathological problems are commonly associated with educational underachievement in children with epilepsy. Therefore periodic psychosocial assessment, counseling and support must be provided to improve the psychosocial adjustment in children with epilepsy. © 2011 The Japanese Society of Child Neurology. ER  - 
Comorbidity profiles of chronic migraine sufferers in a national database in Taiwan$$$ Chronic migraine (CM; ≥15 headache days per month, ≥3 months) is associated with a higher prevalence of comorbidities than episodic migraine (<15 headache days per month). However, it is unclear whether a similar pattern exists in Asian patients. To examine this, a retrospective matched cohort study was conducted using the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database. CM cases were defined as patients with at least one neurological outpatient visit with a primary or secondary ICD-9-CM (International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification) code of 346.11, diagnosed by neurologists at medical centers during 2007-2008. The study group was compared with patients suffering from other migraine subtypes and non-migraineurs in the general population. Both comparison groups were matched with CM sufferers at a 4:1 ratio by age, gender, urbanization level of the residence, income, and hospital setting. Relative risk (RR) was calculated using conditional logistic regression. Compared with patients with other migraines (n = 2,226), CM sufferers (n = 681) had a higher risk of hyperlipidemia (RR = 1.32; P = 0.041), asthma (RR = 1.77; P = 0.007), depression (RR = 1.88; P < 0.0001), bipolar disorder (RR = 1.81; P = 0.022) and anxiety disorders (RR = 1.48; P = <0.0001). Compared with the non-migraineurs (n = 3,790), CM sufferers (n = 948) had significantly increased risks of cardiovascular disease, sinusitis, asthma, gastrointestinal ulcers, vertigo and psychiatric disorders by 1.6-3.9-fold. In conclusion, CM is associated with significant comorbidities in Asian patients. Differences in the comorbidity profiles of CM compared with other migraines have highlighted that patients with CM differ not just in terms of headache frequency but also in other important aspects. © The Author(s) 2012. ER  - 
Psychopathology in children before and after surgery for extratemporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Aim To establish the rates and types of psychiatric disorder in children before and after surgery for extratemporal epilepsy. Relationships between psychiatric morbidity and demographic/clinical variables were examined. Method A retrospective case note review of 71 children undergoing extratemporal focal resection for drug resistant epilepsy in a specialist epilepsy surgery programme between 1997 and 2008. Psychiatric diagnoses were derived from pre- and postoperative assessments according to DSM-IV criteria. Results Seventy-one children (38 males, 33 females) were eligible for this study. Mean age (SD) at surgery was 9 (5)years. Frontal resections were performed in 73% of the children, parietal in 17%, and occipital in 10%. Mental health problems were present in 37 of 71 (52%) children pre- and/or postoperatively. A similar proportion of children had psychiatric diagnoses pre- and postoperatively: 31 of 71 (44%) and 32 of 71 (45%) respectively. Interpretation Psychopathology is common in children with extratemporal epilepsy. In this sample, the impact of surgery on psychiatric symptoms was not predictable: some children were unchanged, others improved, and others acquired new psychiatric diagnoses postoperatively. Given the high rates of psychiatric disorder in this group of patients, detection and treatment of mental health needs may be important. © The Authors. Developmental Medicine & Child Neurology © 2012 Mac Keith Press. ER  - 
A longitudinal study of psychological features in patients before and two years after epilepsy surgery$$$ This study aimed at investigating psychological features before and two years after epilepsy surgery. Fifty patients, 39 with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) and 11 with frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE), were assessed at baseline and two years postoperatively with the Karolinska Scales of Personality (KSP). Baseline group level outcome was normal while individual level analyses delineated some mild to moderate degrees of psychological problems exceeding the normal range in subsets of patients. Features of hostility characterized half of the FLE and one-fourth of the TLE patients. Above 1/3 in each group had dependency features. About 1/3 of the TLE patients suffered from psychasthenia. In conclusion, even though group levels were normal, several patients had psychological problems. The main longitudinal result was that the personality features were stable and did not change after epilepsy surgery. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Late-breaking Program Abstracts - 54th Annual Scientific Meeting of the American Headache Society$$$ The proceedings contain 13 papers. The topics discussed include: tropical cephalalgia - a new clinical entity; the blurred boundary of aversion and pain in photoallodynia; eliminating the burden of chronic migraine and posttraumatic headache in military and civilian populations; results from the pivotal phase 3 trial of nano-formulated, lower dose diclofenac demonstrating early and sustained acute pain relief; knowledge, attitudes and beliefs about behavioral treatments for migraine: a survey of AHS members; developing common data elements (CDEs) for headache clinical research: NINDS initiative; diet restriction in migraine, based on IgG against foods: a clinical double-blind, randomised, cross-over trial; the frequency of chronic migraine and coexistent psychogenic nonepileptic seizures; evaluation of cerebral hemodynamics of patients with chronic migraine; and pediatric headache. first study in a Mexican headache clinic. ER  - 
Correlation between epilepsy and attentiondeficit-hyperactivity disorder: A nationwide population base case-control study$$$ Objective: Epilepsy and attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) may share a mutual susceptibility. We examined whether there is a bidirectional relation between epilepsy and ADHD. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Method: We conducted two separate cohort studies in participants <19 years of age using data obtained from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research database. Cohort analysis 1 included 2468 patients with a first diagnosis of epilepsy during 1999-2008 and 9810 randomly selected sex- and age-matched controls without the disease. Cohort analysis 2 identified 3664 patients with newly diagnosed ADHD and 14522 sex- and age-matched non- ADHD participants. We measured the relative hazards of incidence of ADHD in relation to epilepsy in analysis 1 and that of onset of epilepsy in relation to ADHD in analysis 2 at the end of 2008. Results: In analysis 1, the incidence of ADHD was 7.76 and 3.22 per 1000 person-years for patients with epilepsy and the non-epilepsy participants, respectively. The adjusted hazard ratio for incidence ADHD was 2.54 (95% CI= 2.02-3.18). In analysis 2, the incidence of epilepsy per 1000 person-years was 3.24 for the ADHD group and 0.78 for the non-ADHD group; the adjusted hazard ratio was 3.94 (95% CI=2.58-6.03). Conclusion: The two cohort studies undertaken in the same population suggest the bi-directional association between ADHD and epilepsy. The two disorders may share common underlying causative factors, including genetic and environmental factors, leading to a cascade of transcriptional changes in the brain, which alters behavior or cognition prior to the appearance of seizures. ER  - 
The effect of insulin sensitizer BGP-15 on olanzapine induced metabolic disorders$$$ Aims: Olanzapine (OL) is a widely used atypical antipsychotic, with well known metabolic side effects such as weight gain, insulin resistance and the development of glucose intolerance. It has previously been shown in a phase II clinical trial that BGP-15, an amidoxim derivative has insulin sensitizing effects. In this study we investigated, whether the co-administration of BGP-15 with OL was able to prevent OL induced metabolic side effects (No: 10568/82/ 2007). Methods: Thirty-seven (37) healthy subjects were treated with 400 mg of BGP-15 or placebo for 17 days and 5 mg of OL for 3 days followed by 10 mg for 14 days. Total body and muscle tissue glucose utilization was determined by hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp technique. Results: The 17-day OL treatment provoked insulin resistance and bodyweight gain (placebo: 2.2±0.41 vs BGP: 2.2±0.43 kg p<0.05) in both groups. Administration of BGP-15 significantly reduced OLinduced insulin resistance. Treatment with BGP-15 prevented the development of insulin resistance (glucose utilization calculated for the muscle tissue, Mvalue: placebo: -4.8±0.47 vs BGP: -1.9±0.73 p=0.002). Consequences: BGP-15 is an effective insulin sensitizer drug candidate which can prevent OL induced side effects, the development of insulin resistance. ER  - 
PEARLS depression treatment for individuals with epilepsy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Depression is associated with higher rates of suicide and lower levels of functioning and quality of life in individuals with epilepsy. The objective of this randomized controlled trial was to determine the effectiveness of PEARLS, a home-based program for managing depression in adult individuals with epilepsy and clinically significant acute and chronic depression. Methods: Delivered by masters-level counselors, PEARLS is a collaborative care intervention consisting of problem solving treatment, behavioral activation, and psychiatric consultation. Patients were recruited through the University of Washington (UW) Regional Epilepsy Center or associated UW neurology clinics. The PEARLS intervention integrated collaborative clinical care between epileptologists, neurologists, psychiatrists, physician assistants and counselors. Patients were randomly assigned to receive the PEARLS intervention (N=40) or usual care (N=40). Outcomes were assessed at baseline, 6 and 12 months. Results: Study patients were on 1 - 4 antiepileptic drugs (mean=1.6), had a mean of 2.9 chronic medical conditions other than epilepsy, and 70% were unemployed. In the prior 6 months, 74% had≥1 seizure, about half had≥1 ER visit, and 20% were hospitalized. Antidepressant medications changed in 25.7% of patients receiving PEARLS vs. 3.4% in usual care patients, and 31.4% of PEARLS vs. 10.3% of usual care patients changed anti-epileptic medications. Despite severe depression (mean baseline HSCL-20 scores=2.0), an average of six in-home visits and three 10-minute phone calls resulted in a significant drop in depression symptoms (p<.005) and lower suicidal ideation (p=.025) between baseline and 12 months in the PEARLS intervention group, compared to usual care. Conclusions: The PEARLS program (pearlsprogram.org) - a community-integrated, home-based treatment for depression - effectively reduces depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation in adults with epilepsy and co-morbid depression. ER  - 
Suicide outcomes after resective epilepsy surgery$$$ People with epilepsy (PWE) have a 3-25 fold higher risk for suicide than people without epilepsy. Across epidemiologic studies, suicide accounts for up to 11% of the mortality rate in PWE. The relationship between seizure control and suicide is controversial. Several long-term post surgical series have demonstrated patients who have committed suicide may have good or poor seizure control. A standardized protocol to record history, neurological evaluation, MRI, video-EEG monitoring, and neuropsychiatric assessments was administered. The Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BDA) were administered presurgically, then at three months post-surgery, and followed by yearly intervals up to five years. Quality of life was measured using the QOLIE-31. Cause of mortality was reported during interval follow up periods. Of the 396 patients who underwent surgical resection, postoperative outcome data were available for 316 patients after five years. Four of the 27 deaths were attributed to suicide. All four of the suicides had at least one year of seizure freedom according to their last visit. Two of the patients were females and ages ranged from 33- 45 years old. Only one of the four patients had a BDI score suggestive of severe depression (BDI=33), one had depressive symptoms that were not in the depression range (BDI=7), while the other two reported no depressive symptoms. Two of the patients reported moderate to severe anxiety symptoms (BDI=17 and 21, respectively), with one of who had no anxiety symptoms. All patients were taking anti-epileptic medications at the last visit prior to their death. In this cohort, suicide was the presumed cause of 14.8% of deaths after surgical resection. Patients may underreport or even deny suicidality in self-administered depression scales such as the BDI. Table 1. Demographic characteristics, Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) scores, quality of life measures (QOL), and seizure control in the four patients who died of suicide. (Table presented). ER  - 
Effect of propofol versus sodium thiopental on electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder, a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial$$$ Objectives: To compare propofol and sodium thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in major depression with respect to clinical effect. Method: Participants comprising 96 depression patients who were administered either propofol or sodium thiopental as an anesthetic agent for bilateral ECT. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) was administered at baseline, after 6 treatments. Algorithm-based charge dose was used. Results: There was a statistically significant difference between the groups regarding postintervention HDRS score. The preintervention mean scores in the propofol group and sodium thiopental group were 37.3 (2.2) and 36.7 (1.2), respectively. The postintervention mean scores in the propofol group and sodium thiopental group were 10.7 (1.8) and 13.4 (3.3), respectively. No correlation was found between clinical response and age, weight or BMI. There was no association between the groups seizure time and duration of recovery. Conclusions: In conclusion, propofol may improve major depressive disorder more than sodium thiopental in patients who are receiving ECT. ER  - 
A case report of chronic schizophrenia: From combined treatment to monotherapy and decrease in positive symptoms with decreasing dose of clozapine$$$ Clozapine is one of the most effective drugs in treatment resistant schizophrenia, schizoaffective and bipolar disorder. There is limited evidence to support the combination of multiple antipsychotics in treatment resistant schizophrenia, in the literature. Any monotherapy should be given at the maximum tolerated dose and at least three antipsychotics with different actions, including clozapine, should be given before a combination is considered. In this report, a case whose positive symptoms decrease with the decrease of the clozapine dose is discussed. 37 years old, primary school graduate, single, male patient has been followed with schizophrenia diagnosis for 25 years in different clinics. Because of persistent symptoms and results, under treatment of clozapine 900 mg/day, aripiprazole 30 mg/ day, valproate 500 mg/day the patient has been hospitalized. It was investigated that the seizures of the patient were caused by clozapine. For this reason clozapine doses were decreased and discontinuation of aripiprazole was planned. Psychotic symptoms decreased with the doses of clozapine 625 mg/day. In a case-control study of Multiple versus single antipsychotic agents for hospitalized psychiatric patients, initial doses were closely similar at admission for both treatment groups, but the median total final antipsychotic dose was 78% higher for those receiving antipsychotic polytherapy versus monotherapy. Also, median length of stay in the hospital was longer, and risk of adverse effects was higher with polytherapy, whereas clinical improvement scores were similar for both treatments. The clinicians should pay attention about seizure risk of clozapine. ER  - 
Assessement of comorbidity in post-neurosurgical patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: The depressive comorbidity in epileptic patients is more frequent than in the general population and other chronic diseases. In this cross-sectional study, we investigated the prevalence and clinical features of interictal depressive symptomatology in a cohort of neurosurgical patients. Methods: The study was carried out in 54 post-neurosurgical epilepsy patients (PNS), 53 with 'no-postneurochirurgical ' epilepsy (NPNS) and 52 healthy control subjects. The majority of patients were receiving antiepileptic monotherapy, and had no prior history of mood disorders. Screening for depressive disorder (DD) was conducted by means of a self-assessment scale, the CES-D (Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression Scale), as validated in Italian, and already used in similar studies. Results: In the group of PNS the total score for the individual CESD scale value (mean+SD) was 12.15±9.42. The 45.40% of patients had a scor >16, indicative of DD. The total score on the individual CES-D was 13.98±8.90. The 54.55% of patients had a scor >16, indicative of DD. In control subjects the total score on the individual CES-D was 9.11±5.3, with scores indicative of DD in 17.30% of cases. A further stratification of patients with satisfactorily controlled frequency of seizures or less did not show any relationship with the presence of DD. Conclusion: The results of the study showed no differences in the prevalence of comorbid interictal depression in neurosurgical patients, according to the type of epilepsy. However, the prevalence of depression ranged between 45.40% and 54.55% of cases and suggest the need for careful assessment of this comorbid condition in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Depressive and anxiety disorders in epilepsy: Do they differ in their potential to worsen common antiepileptic drug-related adverse events?$$$ Purpose: To compare the effect of anxiety disorders, major depressive episodes (MDEs), and subsyndromic depressive episodes (SSDEs) on antiepileptic drug (AED)-related adverse events (AEs) in persons with epilepsy (PWE). Methods: The study included 188 consecutive PWE from five U.S. outpatient epilepsy clinics, all of whom underwent structured interviews (SCID) to identify current and past mood disorders and other current Axis I psychiatric diagnoses according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision (DSM-IV-TR) criteria. A diagnosis of SSDE was made in patients with total Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) scores >12 or the Centers of Epidemiologic Studies-Depression (CES-D) > 16 (in the absence of any DSM diagnosis of mood disorder. The presence and severity of AEs was measured with the Adverse Event Profile (AEP). Key Findings: Compared to asymptomatic patients (n=103), the AEP scores of patients with SSDE (n=26), MDE only (n=10), anxiety disorders only (n=21), or mixed MDE/anxiety disorders (n=28) were significantly higher, suggesting more severe AED-related AEs. Univariate analyses revealed that having persistent seizures in the last 6months and taking antidepressants was associated with more severe AEs. Post hoc analyses, however, showed that these differences were accounted for by the presence of a depressive and/or anxiety disorders. Significance: Depressive and anxiety disorders worsen AED-related AEs even when presenting as a subsyndromic type. These data suggest that the presence of psychiatric comorbidities must be considered in their interpretation, both in clinical practice and AED drug trials. Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2012 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Efficacy of memantine for agitation in Alzheimer's dementia: A randomised double-blind placebo controlled trial$$$ Background: Agitation in Alzheimer's disease (AD) is common and associated with poor patient life-quality and carer distress. The best evidence-based pharmacological treatments are antipsychotics which have limited benefits with increased morbidity and mortality. There are no memantine trials in clinically significant agitation but post-hoc analyses in other populations found reduced agitation. We tested the primary hypothesis, memantine is superior to placebo for clinically significant agitation, in patients with moderate-to-severe AD. Methods and Findings: We recruited 153 participants with AD and clinically significant agitation from care-homes or hospitals for a double-blind randomised-controlled trial and 149 people started the trial of memantine versus placebo. The primary outcome was 6 weeks mixed model autoregressive analysis of Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI). Secondary outcomes were: 12 weeks CMAI; 6 and 12 weeks Neuropsychiatric symptoms (NPI), Clinical Global Impression Change (CGI-C), Standardised Mini Mental State Examination, Severe Impairment Battery. Using a mixed effects model we found no significant differences in the primary outcome, 6 weeks CMAI, between memantine and placebo (memantine lower -3.0; -8.3 to 2.2, p = 0.26); or 12 weeks CMAI; or CGI-C or adverse events at 6 or 12 weeks. NPI mean difference favoured memantine at weeks 6 (-6.9; -12.2 to -1.6; p = 0.012) and 12 (-9.6; -15.0 to -4.3 p = 0.0005). Memantine was significantly better than placebo for cognition. The main study limitation is that it still remains to be determined whether memantine has a role in milder agitation in AD. Conclusions: Memantine did not improve significant agitation in people with in moderate-to-severe AD. Future studies are urgently needed to test other pharmacological candidates in this group and memantine for neuropsychiatric symptoms. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00371059. Trial Registration: International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial 24953404. © 2012 Fox et al. ER  - 
Failure to Intensify Hypertension Therapy After Rejected Aliskiren Claims$$$ Background: Failure to intensify therapy when indicated is a serious problem in the management of hypertension. Patients having an antihypertensive prescription rejected because of utilization management tools may be at a high risk of failing to intensify their therapy when it is warranted. Objective: The goal of this study was to investigate the patterns of therapy change after rejected aliskiren claims because of utilization management tools such as prior authorization, step therapy, and restrictive formulary. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted using data from a large national pharmacy benefits manager. Patients with a rejected aliskiren claim because of utilization management and who were naive to aliskiren treatment before having a rejected aliskiren claim were included. Patients were followed up for 6 months after the initial rejected aliskiren claim to see whether there was a therapy change. Therapy change was defined as titration of old regimens, fulfillment of aliskiren, or fulfillment of a new antihypertensive medication not used previously. Results: A total of 1955 patients were identified (mean age, 64.5 years; 54.4% female). Six months after having rejected aliskiren claims, 36.8% overcame the utilization management and filled aliskiren; 45.1% filled a new antihypertensive medication not used previously; and 10.8% patients titrated old antihypertensive medications. More than one quarter of patients (28.4%) had no change in their antihypertensive treatment. Logistic regression analysis revealed that patients rejected because of prior authorization (odds ratio = 4.00 [95% CI, 1.89-8.44]) or step therapy (odds ratio = 2.59 [95% CI, 1.26-5.32]) were more likely to have a therapy change compared with patients rejected because of a restrictive formulary. Conclusions: A significant number of patients had no therapy change 6 months after having rejected aliskiren claims because of utilization management tools, indicating potential clinical inertia or lack of therapy intensification in hypertension management. Patients with restrictive formularies were least likely to have a therapy change. More aggressive follow-up with patients with a rejected claim may be warranted to reduce treatment gaps. © 2012 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc. ER  - 
Oral manifestations in a group of adults with autism spectrum disorder$$$ Objectivve: AA number of studies havve evvaluated the oral health of patients with autism spectrum disorder (AASD), though most have involved children, and no specific oral manifestations have been described. The present study describes the buccodental disorders and hyggiene habits in a ggroup of adults with AASD. Study Desiggn: prospectivve case-control study was made of a of patients with AASD (n=30), with a mean agge of 27.7±5.69 years, and of a healthy age- and gender-matched control (n=30). AAn evvaluation was made of the medical history, medication, oral hyggiene habits and oral diseases, with determination of the CAAOD, CAAOS and OHHI-S oral hyggiene scores. Results: Most of the patients in the AASD group used two or more druggs and were assisted in brushingg 2-3 times a day. The most frequent manifestations were bruxism, self-inflicted oral lesions and certain malocclusions. The CAOD and CAOS scores were significantly lower than in the controls. Conclusions: AAdults with AASD and assisted dental hyggiene presented fewer caries than the non-disabled population. However, bruxism, ogival palate and anterior open bite were frequent in the patients with ASD. © Medicina Oral S. L. ER  - 
Serotonin gene polymorphisms and psychiatry comorbidities in temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Objective: Neuropsychiatric comorbidities are frequent in temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). It is biologically plausible that alterations in serotonin-related genes may be involved in higher susceptibility to psychiatric disease in these individuals. Here we report results of an association study of serotonin gene polymorphisms and psychiatry comorbidities in TLE. Methods: Case-control study of 155 patients with temporal lobe epilepsy. We evaluate the influence of 5-HTTLPR and 5-HTTVNTR polymorphisms in the 5-HTT gene and the C-1019G polymorphism in the 5-HT1A gene in psychiatric comorbidities of TLE. Results: After logistic regression, female sex (OR = 2.34; 95% CI 1.06-5.17; p= 0.035) and the presence of C allele of 5-HT1A C-1019G polymorphism (OR = 2.77; 95% CI 1.01-7.63; p= 0.048) remained independent risk factors for anxiety disorders in temporal lobe epilepsy. Conclusion: C allele of 5-HT1A C-1019G polymorphism might be an independent risk factor for anxiety disorders in temporal lobe epilepsy. We believe that other studies in this venue will shade some light on molecular mechanisms involved in psychiatric comorbidities in epilepsy. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Medical and developmental risk factors of catatonia in children and adolescents: A prospective case-control study$$$ Context: Rare diseases have been associated with more and more genetic and non genetic causes and risk factors. But this has not been systematically assessed in catatonia, one of the psychiatric syndromes, that is most frequently associated with medical condition. Objective: We sought to assess the medical and developmental risk factors of catatonia in children and adolescents. Methods: From 1993 to 2009, 58 youths aged 10 to 18. years were prospectively admitted for catatonia and were followed up after discharge. A multidisciplinary approach assessed patients' medical condition and developmental history. A causality assessment scored medical risk (maximum score. =. 10; κ. =. 0.91). We compared the prevalence of catatonia in these patients to that of 80 inpatients with bipolar I disorder admitted from 1993 to 2003 who were also followed up. Results: We found that 13 (22.4%) patients had medical conditions and 18 (31%) had a history of developmental disorder in the catatonia group, whereas 1 (1.3%) and 17 (22.6%) patients had the same conditions in the bipolar group (p. <. 0.001; p. =. 0.17, respectively). Medical conditions associated with catatonia included auto-immune encephalitis (systemic lupus erythematosus [N. =. 3] and anti-NMDA-receptor encephalitis [N. =. 1]), seizures (N. =. 1), ciclosporin encephalitis (N. =. 1), post hypoglycaemic coma encephalitis (N. =. 1), and genetic or metabolic conditions (chorea [N. =. 2], 5HT cerebrospinal fluid deficit [N. =. 1], storage disease [N. =. 1], fatal familial insomnia [FFI; N. =. 1], and PRODH mutations [N. =. 1]). Six patients responded to a specific treatment approach related to their medical condition (e.g., plasma exchange in the case of auto-immune encephalitis). Conclusion: Catatonia in children and adolescents is associated with a high prevalence of medical conditions. This needs to be acknowledged as it may greatly delay the treatment of catatonia and the diagnosis of medically related catatonia. Tragically, this may deny patients treatment opportunities. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Stroke mimics in a stroke unit-retrospective observational study$$$ Background: Stroke is the leading cause of mortality and morbidity in Portugal. The diagnosis of stroke is clinical, complemented by imaging. Few studies analyzed the diagnostic accuracy after initial patient screening in the emergency department and treatment in a stroke unit. The aim was to study the diagnostic accuracy of stroke in all patients admitted to stroke unit and the initial presentations and pathologies that most frequently led to an erroneous diagnosis of stroke. Methods: We conducted an observational retrospective study of admitted patients in a stroke unit between January 2007 and October 2011, with a diagnosis other than stroke. Present 46 cases, grouped by diagnosis according to ICD-10 classification, evaluated for admittance symptoms/ signs, NIHSS scale and vascular risk factors. Results: Of 1203 patients admitted in stroke unit, 46 did not have a diagnosis of stroke (3.8% false positives), 63% men and 37% women, aged between 16 and 88 years (average 53.15). 16 diagnoses were found, most frequent were: conversion disorder (11/46, 23.9%), epilepsy (10/46, 21.7%) and headache (8/46, 17.4%). Prevalent symptoms were upper limb paresis (27/46), changes in sensitivity (21/46) and headache (11/46). Initial NIHSS showed a median of 2. Vascular risk factors most observed were hypertension (41.3%) and smoking (23.9%). 4/46 patients were subjected to thrombolysis (1.8% of total thrombolysis), without complications, including bleeding. Conclusion: The initial diagnosis of stroke relies on medical history and suggestive neurological examination, often without imaging confirmation, given the urgency of diagnosis for eventual thrombolysis. In this study, stroke mimics, including thrombolysis-treated patients, were reduced and similar to the literature, without significant complications. The need for early treatment in an appropriate clinical context outweighs the risk of potentially deleterious effects of thrombolysis in patients without cerebrovascular disease. ER  - 
Effects of zonisamide on tardive dyskinesia: A preliminary open-label trial$$$ Once developed, tardive dyskinesia (TD) is a challenging condition to treat. The recent evidence has indicated that zonisamide, an antiepileptic drug indicated for partial-onset seizures, may also have beneficial effects for ameliorating dyskinesia in Parkinson's disease. However, this finding has not systematically been tested in psychiatric patients with TD associated with antipsychotic treatment. The objective of this study was to examine the efficacy, tolerability, and safety of zonisamide against TD in these patients. In this 4-week open-label study, subjects who suffered TD were given 50-100 mg/day of add-on zonisamide. Severity of TD was evaluated at the baseline and endpoint, using the Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale (AIMS). Eleven subjects (6 females; mean ± SD age, 75.5 ± 4.7 years; schizophrenia [N = 6], bipolar affective disorder [N = 2], schizoaffective disorder [N = 1], mental retardation [N = 1], mental retardation with epilepsy [N = 1]; 6 were antipsychotic free at baseline) participated in this study. The AIMS total score (mean ± SD) was significantly decreased from 24.1 ± 5.5 to 19.5 ± 5.9, with 36.4% of the subjects (N = 4) demonstrating 20% or more decrease in the AIMS total score. Treatment with zonisamide was well-tolerated and no participants dropped out prematurely. In conclusion, zonisamide may be safe and effective for the treatment of TD associated with antipsychotic treatment. These preliminary findings need to be further explored by larger well-designed trials. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Post-ictal EEG suppression during early course of electroconvulsive therapy(ECT) predicts clinical improvement following a course of six ECT sessions in bipolar and schizoaffective disorders$$$ Background: The extent of post-ictal suppression of electroencephalography (EEG) of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)-induced seizures is known to predict antidepressant response to ECT. In this study we examined the association between the post-ictal EEG suppression and response to ECT in a mixed group of patients with bipolar and schizoaffective disorders. Methods: The sample for this study came from a randomized controlled trial examining the effect of co-prescription of anticonvulsant mood stabilizers during ECT. Patients (n=48) on anticonvulsants and referred for ECT were randomized to receive full, half or no dose of anticonvulsants through a course of ECT. EEG was recorded using bilateral frontal pole leads during all ECT sessions. EEG of the second or third ECT session was analysed using a standard algorithm to measure fractal dimension (FD) as a measure of amplitude. Clinical status was assessed using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI) severity scale. Correlation of post-ictal suppression and clinical improvement through a course of 6 ECTs was analysed using Spearman's rho. Results: Artefact-free EEG was available for 19 patients with mean (SD) age of 32(9) years. Their diagnoses were mania (n=15), depression (n=2) and schizoaffective disorder (n=2). The mean (SD) CGI score at baseline was 6 (1) and after the sixth ECT 2(1). There was a significant inverse correlation between post-ictal FD and improvement in CGI scores (Rho = 0.471, p=0.034). Conclusions: Greater post-ictal EEG suppression (i.e. lower fractal dimension) predicts clinical response to ECT in a mixed group of patients with bipolar and schizoaffective disorders. ER  - 
Beneficial and adverse psychotropic effects of antiepileptic drugs in patients with epilepsy: A summary of prevalence, underlying mechanisms and data limitations$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) can have both beneficial and adverse psychotropic effects. They act on neurotransmitter systems, neuronal ion permeability and other targets, although the exact mechanisms are not generally fully elucidated. A systematic review of the literature reveals evidence for both positive and negative effects on depression, anxiety, aggression, psychosis and sleep in patients with epilepsy. Topiramate, vigabatrin, levetiracetam, tiagabine and zonisamide have been associated primarily with adverse psychotropic effects, whilst gabapentin, pregabalin, lacosamide and lamotrigine, in particular, have demonstrated a more beneficial psychotropic profile, especially with regard to affective symptoms. This review, however, identifies specific methodological issues with studies that have reported on the psychotropic effects of AEDs, suggesting that some of the findings might be inconclusive or unreliable because of confounding factors, particularly the presence of psychiatric history. More rigorous double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trials on larger numbers of patients with epilepsy, with clear inclusion/exclusion criteria, that are specifically designed to investigate psychotropic changes are more likely to produce results that inform clinical practice and direct future research. © 2012 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pyronaridine-artesunate versus mefloquine plus artesunate for malaria$$$ BACKGROUND: Pyronaridine-artesunate is an artemisinin-based combination therapy under evaluation for the treatment of Plasmodium falciparum and P. vivax malaria. METHODS: We conducted a phase 3, open-label, multicenter, noninferiority trial that included 1271 patients between 3 and 60 years of age from Asia (81.3%) or Africa (18.7%) with microscopically confirmed, uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria. Patients underwent randomization for treatment with a fixed-dose combination of 180 mg of pyronaridine and 60 mg of artesunate or with 250 mg of mefloquine plus 100 mg of artesunate. Doses were calculated according to body weight and administered once daily for 3 days. RESULTS: Pyronaridine-artesunate was noninferior to mefloquine plus artesunate for the primary outcome: adequate clinical and parasitologic response in the per-protocol population on day 28, corrected for reinfection with the use of polymerase-chain-reaction (PCR) genotyping. For this outcome, efficacy in the group receiving pyronaridine-artesunate was 99.2% (743 of 749 patients; 95% confidence interval [CI], 98.3 to 99.7) and that in the group receiving mefloquine plus artesunate was 97.8% (360 of 368 patients; 95% CI, 95.8 to 99.1), with a treatment difference of 1.4 percentage points (95% CI, 0.0 to 3.5; P = 0.05). In the intention-to-treat population, efficacy on day 42 in the group receiving pyronaridine-artesunate was 83.1% (705 of 848 patients; 95% CI, 80.4 to 85.6) and that in the group receiving mefloquine plus artesunate was 83.9% (355 of 423 patients; 95% CI, 80.1 to 87.3). In Cambodia, where there were 211 study patients, the median parasite clearance time was prolonged for both treatments: 64 hours versus 16.0 to 38.9 hours in other countries (P<0.001, on the basis of Kaplan-Meier estimates). Kaplan-Meier estimates of the recrudescence rate in the intention-to-treat population in Cambodia until day 42 were higher with pyronaridine-artesunate than with mefloquine plus artesunate (10.2% [95% CI, 5.4 to 18.6] vs. 0%; P = 0.04 as calculated with the log-rank test), but similar for the other countries combined (4.7% [95% CI, 3.3 to 6.7] and 2.8% [95% CI, 1.5 to 5.3], respectively; P = 0.24). Elevated levels of aminotransferases were observed in those receiving pyronaridine-artesunate. Two patients receiving mefloquine plus artesunate had seizures. CONCLUSIONS: Fixed-dose pyronaridine-artesunate was efficacious in the treatment of uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria. In Cambodia, extended parasite clearance times were suggestive of in vivo resistance to artemisinin. (Funded by Shin Poong Pharmaceutical Company and the Medicines for Malaria Venture; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00403260.) Copyright © 2012 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Augmenting clozapine with sertindole: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study$$$ Clozapine augmentation with antipsychotic drugs is widely used despite sparse evidence supporting this strategy. Sertindole is a nonsedating atypical antipsychotic drug with low affinity for cholinergic receptors, which makes it potentially suitable for augmentation of clozapine. The study design was a 12-week, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study including patients with International Statistical Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision schizophrenia (F20.0-F20.3) and treated with clozapine for at least 6 months who had not achieved sufficient response. Patients were randomized 1:1 to either sertindole 16 mg or placebo, and assessment was done at baseline and after 6 and 12 weeks. Assessment included the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, Clinical Global Impression, Udvalg for Kliniske Undersøgelser, World Health Organization Quality of Life Brief, Drug Attitude Inventory, fasting glucose, lipids, and electrocardiogram. Clozapine augmentation with sertindole was not superior to placebo regarding total score or subscale score of the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, Clinical Global Impression, World Health Organization Quality of Life Brief, or Drug Attitude Inventory. No increased adverse effects compared with placebo were found. Four patients randomized to sertindole experienced a significant worsening of psychosis, and 2 of them required psychiatric admission. Metabolic parameters were unchanged during the study, but augmentation of clozapine with sertindole was associated with a 12-millisecond (SD, 20-millisecond) QTc prolongation compared with 0 millisecond (SD, 20 milliseconds) in the placebo group (P < 0.03). Augmentation with sertindole showed no benefits compared with placebo. Psychiatrists should be aware that augmentation might not add any benefits for the patients and in some cases worsen psychosis. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Tramadol versus methadone for treatment of opiate withdrawal: A double-blind, randomized, clinical trial$$$ The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy and safety of tramadol versus methadone for treatment of opiate withdrawal. Seventy patients randomly were assigned in two groups to receive either prescribed methadone (60 mg/day) or tramadol (600 mg/day). The withdrawal syndrome of patients was evaluated before and after rapid opiate detoxification using the Objective Opioid Withdrawal Scale (OOWS). No significant differences existed in overall OOWS scores between two groups (P = 0.11). Dropout rates were similar in both groups. Side effects in the tramadol group were as or less common than in the methadone group, with the exception of perspiration. Tramadol may be as effective as methadone in the control of withdrawal and could be considered as a potential substitute for methadone to manage opioids withdrawal. Copyright © Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. ER  - 
Prevalence of psychiatric disorders in the general population of Kashan, Iran$$$ Background: Mental health is one of the most important public health issues because of its major contribution in decreasing the global burden of disease and its important role in assurance, dynamism, and efficacy. The present study evaluates the prevalence of mental disorders in the over 18-year-old population in Kashan, Iran during 2008-2009. Methods: This was a descriptive, cross-sectional study. Subjects were selected via stratified random sampling. The study was conducted in two stages. In the first stage, subjects were evaluated using the General Health Questionnaire. In stage two, two psychiatrists used a DSM-IV checklist to conduct clinical interviews. The collected data were analyzed by SPSS version 16, OR, CI, Chi-square, and Mantel-Heanszel tests. Results: The prevalence of mental disorders in Kashan was 29.2%. In women it was 35.5%, and in men, 21.2%. The most prevalent disorders were mood (9.3%) and anxiety disorders (4.7%). Among the 505 subjects with mental disorders based on clinical interviews, 162 (32.1%) suffered from mood disorders, 129 (25.6%) anxiety disorders, 21 (4.2%) psychotic disorders, 16 (3.4%) neurologic disorders, 17 (3.4%) dissociative disorders, and 120 (23.7%) had other disorders. In this study, 7.8% of the subjects had more than one mental disorder. In the case of mood disorders, major depression (8.2%) was the most common; as for anxiety disorders, generalized anxiety disorder (7.2%) was the most prevalent. The prevalence was higher in people aged 56-65 (35.8%), widows (35.8%), the illiterate (42.8%), and the unemployed (38.8%). Mental disorder was significantly affected by gender, education, occupation, and marital status. Conclusions: The results show that psychiatric disorders in Kashan are higher than at the time of the previous research in this region (1999). Therefore, prevention programs and treatment of psychiatric disorders in this city are of great priority. ER  - 
Linking the pharmacological content of ecstasy tablets to the subjective experiences of drug users$$$ Rationale Most studies on the subjective effects of ecstasy are based on the assumption that the substance that was taken is 3,4- methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA). However, many tablets sold as ecstasy contain other substances and MDMA in varying doses. So far, few attempts have been made to take this into account while assessing subjective effects. Objectives This study aims to link the pharmacological content of tablets sold as ecstasy to the subjective experiences reported by ecstasy users. Methods Self-reported effects on ecstasy tablets were available from 5,786 drug users who handed in their tablets for chemical analysis at the Drug Information and Monitoring System (DIMS) in the Netherlands. Logistic regression was employed to link the pharmacological content of ecstasy tablets to the self-reported subjective effects and compare effects with MDMA to other substances present. Results MDMA showed a strong association with desirable subjective effects, unparalleled by any other psychoactive substance. However, the association of MDMA was dose-dependent, with higher doses (>120 mg/tablet) likely to evoke more adverse effects. The novel psychostimulants mephedrone and p-fluoroamphetamine were considered relatively desirable, whereas meta-chlorophenylpiperazine (mCPP) and p-methoxymethamphetamine (PMMA) were strongly associated with adverse subjective effects. Also, 3,4-methylene- dioxyamphetamine (MDA) and benzylpiper-azine (BZP) were not appreciated as replacement for MDMA. Conclusion Linking the pharmacological content of ecstasy sold on the street to subjective experiences contributes to a better understanding of the wide range of subjective effects ascribed to ecstasy and provides a strong rationale for the prolonged endurance of MDMA as the key ingredient of the ecstasy market. © Springer-Verlag 2011. ER  - 
The clinical spectrum of intracerebral hematoma, hemorrhagic infarct, non-hemorrhagic infarct, and non-lesional venous stroke in patients with cerebral sinus-venous thrombosis$$$ Background and purpose: The clinical spectrum of different neuroradiological features of cerebral sinus-venous thrombosis (CSVT) varies considerably. We sought the relationship between different neuroradiological aspects and clinical presentations in these patients. Methods: The diagnosis of cerebral sinus-venous thrombosis has been confirmed by conventional angiography, MRI combined with MR venography following established diagnostic criteria. We analyzed clinical data, symptoms and signs, imaging findings, location and extent of the thrombus, and parenchymal lesions, retrospectively. Results: There were 220 consecutive patients with cerebral sinus-venous thrombosis; 98 (45%) had non-lesional sinus-venous thrombosis (NL CSVT), 51 (23%) had non-hemorrhagic infarct (NHI), 45 (20%) had hemorrhagic infarct (HI), and 26 (12%) had intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH). In patients with hemorrhagic lesion (HI+ICH), advanced age, headache (99%), behavioral disturbances (55%), consciousness disturbances (35%), seizures (41%), and language deficits (42%) were significantly higher than the other patients (NL+NHI) (P<0.001). High blood pressure at admission, puerperium, sigmoid and straight sinus thrombosis, multiple sinus and vein involvement were more frequent in patients with hemorrhagic lesion than those with non-hemorrhagic lesion. Patients with hemorrhagic lesion were more dependent or died (32%) than the other patients (12%) (P<0.001), and most of the patients with NL and NHI had no disability compared with the other patients at the 3month of follow-up (96% and 65%; P<0.001). Conclusion: Headache, convulsion, behavioral disorder, seizures, and speech disorders were the most frequent clinical symptoms of patients with hemorrhagic CSVT. Specific risk factors, including pregnancy/puerberium, early and extended thrombosis of large sinus, and presence of high blood pressure at admission, are associated with hemorrhagic lesion and unfavorable outcome. Click for the corresponding questions to this CME article. © 2011 The Author(s). European Journal of Neurology © 2011 EFNS. ER  - 
Traumatic brain injury central acting medication use between patients at a rehabilitation center in Brazil$$$ Objectives: The increasing survival rate after acute TBI leads to greater medication demand and monitoring medication use becomes an important issue. . These medications could interfere with rehabilitation process and sometimes are prescribed at acute phase and maintained after hospital discharge even t not essential. The aim of this study is to describe the prescribed medication use profile among patients with TBI admitted at a rehabilitation center in Brazil and examine whether the use of anticonvulsants was high between patients with no history of seizures. Methods: This cross-sectional study examined 169 initial consultations of patients admitted at Associac¸ão de Assistência á Crianc¸a Deficiente (AACD) rehabilitation center between 2005 and 2010. TBI patients whose injury was acquired after completing 18 years of age where included in the study. Data on current use of prescription medication, demographic characteristics and acute and chronic clinical/neurological status were collected from medical records. Results: The sample was formed mostly by males (142; 84%) with a mean age of 28.8 (SD±10.7) years at the time of injury. Mean length between the acute phase and the first clinical evaluation at our center was 17 (SD±15.5) months. The frequency of central acting medication use was 82,2%. The most prescribed drugs were anticonvulsants (97; 57.4%) followed by anti-spasticity agents (53; 31.4%), antidepressants (36; 21.3%), benzodiazepines (27; 15.9%) and anti-psychotics (21; 12.4%). Nearly half (45; 46,5%) of patients taking anticonvulsants did not report any episode of convulsion after TBI. There was no statistical difference between prescription pattern of anticonvulsants between patients that had a history of convulsion and those who did not. The two most frequently used anticonvulsants among those without convulsion history where phenytoin (27; 60%) and phenobarbital (10; 22.2%). Conclusions: The results show a high frequency of prescribed medication use, a high rate of anticonvulsant use among patients with no history of seizures, specially phenytoin and phenobarbital .Further studies are needed to examine the effects of these medications on patients' functionality. ER  - 
Neurological, cognitive and academic long-termoutcome following hospitalisation for a shaken baby syndrome$$$ Objectives: The Shaken Baby Syndrome (SBS) is a severe form of maltreatment, occurring in infants, most often before the age of 1. SBS causes severe neurological injuries and outcome is poor. However, few studies report on long-term outcome after SBS. Therefore, the purpose of our study was to assess the long-term outcome of a group of children with SBS, in the neurological, cognitive, behavioural and academic domains and to assess the intensity of ongoing treatments and rehabilitation. Methods: This retrospective study took place in a rehabilitation department devoted to children with acquired brain injuries. All patients admitted in the unit following a SBS between 1996 and 2005, and who had had clinical follow-up for at least 3 years were included. Medical files were reviewed retrospectively and patients' families were contacted for a telephone interview. The primary outcome measure was the Glasgow Outcome Scale (GOS) modified for children. Secondary outcomes were the presence of epilepsy, visual impairment, sleeping or feeding disorders, the need for on-going rehabilitation and its intensity, schooling, behavioural and cognitive disorders. Results: Of the 66 patients admitted in the unit following SBS, 47 were included. After a median length of follow-up of 8 years (range 44 to 144 months), only 7 children (15%) had returned to a normal life (GOS I) and 19 patients (40%) had severe neurological impairments (GOS III and IV). In the group of patients with a better outcome (GOS I and II; N=28) in comparison to the group with a worse outcome (GOS III and IV; N=19), mothers had a higher educational level (59.3% vs 21%, p=0.0064). Further, a lower proportion of patients were initially comatose (68% vs 95%, p=0.0339) and intubated (71.4 % vs 100%, p=0.0146) initially, and hemiplegic upon admission in the rehabilitation department (50% vs 79%, p=0.0182). Overall, the reported sequelae comprised of motor deficit (45%), epilepsy (38%), visual deficit (45%), sleep disorders (17%), language abnormalities (49%), attention deficit (79%) and behavioural disorders (53%). Rehabilitation was ongoing for 83% of the group: speech therapy (57.5%), physiotherapy (40.5%) and occupational therapy (21%). Nearly two thirds of the patients (62%) needed 1 or 2 rehabilitation therapies and 21% needed 3 or 4 therapies. Only 30% of the patients followed a normal education and 30% were referred to special educational classes or institutions. Few patients (10.6%) had received financial compensation for the prejudice. Conclusions: Our study provides a unique set of data in a large group 8 years post-injury. It includes motor, cognitive, behavioural and educational outcomes, as well as the treatments still needed in the long term. Our results emphasize the need for an extended follow-up because of the severe sequelae of abusive head trauma. ER  - 
A comparative study of electroencephalographic fndings in patients of psychosis with and without history of seizure$$$ Aim: Clinical uncertainty exists regarding prior seizure(s) in patients with psychosis not being treated for seizure disorder. This study aimed to compare clinical phenomenology and electroencephalography (EEG) fndings in patients of psychosis with and without history of seizure(s). Methods: This case control study of 40 patients with predominant psychotic symptoms coming to the psychiatry department was conducted over 18 month period ending on April 2011. Patients were divided into two age and sex matched groups (20 patients each): those with history of seizure(s) but not currently being treated as seizure disorder (case group) and those without history of seizure (control group). No attempt was made to preselect any particular form of psychosis or epilepsy. However, patients with other co-morbid medical illness requiring signifcant medical intervention, and those with a history of drug related seizures were excluded. 7 cases were anti-epileptic-drug naïve while 13 cases were anti-epileptic drug free for at least 2 weeks. After detailed neurological and psychiatric assessment, all patients were subjected to a standard 16 channel EEG, with photic stimulation and hyperventilation. Results: In both groups schizophrenia like presentation was commonest (∼60%), with affective like presentation being second (∼30%). Seizure(s) preceded the onset of psychosis in 65% of patients while the remaining 35% had seizure(s) after onset of psychosis. Median interval between onset of seizure(s) and psychosis was 6 years and 4 years respectively in these two subgroups of cases. Slow-waves were present in 15% and spike-waves in 5% of cases, with predominant frontal localization. Nonspecifc EEG changes were present in 10% of cases and controls each, with remaining EEGs being normal. Conclusion: Patients of psychosis, with history of seizure(s), may be looked at for undiagnosed concurrent seizure disorder. EEG abnormalities, if found, merit consultation with an epileptologist. ER  - 
Ictal EEG fractal dimension early in the course of ECT in schizophrenia patients predicts clinical outcome at two weeks$$$ Background: Several studies have found association between ictal electroencephalographic (EEG) measures and clinical outcome of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depression. Such studies are lacking in schizophrenia Methods: In a clinical trial examining the differential efficacy of bifrontal and bitemporal ECT in schizophrenia, patients' psychopathology was rated using the brief psychiatric rating scale (BPRS) before and through the course of ECT. All patients were on antipsychotics. Fractal dimension (FD) of artifact-free EEG acquired using the left frontal lead during 2nd, 3rd or 4th ECT sessions was obtained using a standardized algorithm in 26 patients. Associations between maximum FD and BPRS total score at baseline and at the end of 2 weeks (i.e., after the 6th ECT session) were examined using Pearson's correlation coefficient. Results: There was no correlation between baseline BPRS score and maximum FD (r=-0.327: p=0.103). There was a significant inverse correlation between maximum FD and BPRS total score following 6th ECT (r=-0.459; p=0.032). Inverse correlation was also observed between maximum FD and total number of ECTs obtained (r=-0.380; p=0.055). Inverse correlations were also observed between maximum HR and BPRS scores following 6th ECT (r=-0.519; p=0.013). Significant direct correlation (r=0.429; p=0.029) was also observed between maximum FD and maximum heart rate. Discussion: In patients with schizophrenia on antipsychotics greater intensity of seizures (higher FD) during initial sessions of ECT is associated with better response at the end of 2 weeks. ER  - 
Children's mental health: Pattern of referral, distribution of disorders and service use in child psychiatry outpatient setting$$$ Objective: To determine the pattern of referrals, socio-demographic factors, frequency of psychiatric diagnosis, and help offered to children presenting in Child Psychiatry Department outpatient clinic of a tertiary care hospital in Lahore. Methodology: A cross sectional study of children attending child psychiatry outdoor in a tertiary care hospital in Lahore was conducted. Following informed consent from the parent/ legal guardian, 1000 consecutive new referral to the department were assessed by interviewing the parent and the child. A Structured proforma was used for data collection. ICD-10 criteria were used for the diagnosis of psychiatric illness. Record was made of the interventions offered to the child & family. Results: Total sample size was 1000 children with predominant male gender (65%) and mean age of 8.46 (S.D 4.51).More than half (54.5%) of the children in our sample were not enrolled in school and 19% had family history of psychiatric illness. Among the various sources of referral, self-referral was the highest (84.7%) followed by referral from Pediatrics (8.4%). Psychiatric diagnosis observed were Speech Related Difficulties {including speech delay, articulation problems and specific developmental delays of speech & language} (46.5%), Learning Disability (43.3%), Behavior Problems (26.3), Epilepsy (12.6%), Dissociative Disorders (10.1%), Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (4.5%), Autism (3.2%), Depression(2.4%), Anxiety(1.7%), Psychosis (1%) and Tics (1%). Co-morbidities were found in 44.7 percent of the children. The various interventions offered included medications, referral to psychologist (for family therapy and individual work), play therapist and speech therapist. Conclusion: Majority of children presenting to the child psychiatry clinic have multiple and complex needs due to high frequency of learning disabilities and co morbidities. The findings illustrate the importance of multidisciplinary approach and to assess the different dimensions of psychopathology in children for future service planning. ER  - 
Phase 2 clinical trial of intrathecal topotecan in children with refractory leptomeningeal leukemia: A Children's Oncology Group trial (P9962)$$$ Purpose: We performed a phase 2 study in children with recurrent or refractory leptomeningeal leukemia to determine the objective response rate after treatment with intrathecal (IT) topotecan. Patients and Methods: Patients received age-adjusted IT topotecan (0.4mg/dose for patients >3 years of age) administered twice weekly (every 3-4 days) for 6 weeks during induction, weekly for 4 weeks during consolidation, and twice monthly for 4 months and then monthly thereafter during maintenance. Results: Twenty-two patients enrolled in the study, of whom 20 were eligible and assessable for toxicity and 16 were assessable for response. Of 16 patients, 6 (38%) had a complete response, 8 (50%) had stable disease, and 2 (13%) had progressive disease. The median event-free survival time (95% CI) was 3.1 (1.6-10.3) months and the median overall survival time (95% CI) was 18.0 (7.3-38.3) months. Eight patients (40%) experienced grade 3 or 4 adverse events. There were no grade 4 neurological events (Table III). Four patients experienced a total of 6 grade 3 neurological events including an olfactory seizure, a headache, transient grade 3 speech impairment, muscle weakness, motor neuropathy, and ataxia. Headache was the most common grade ≤2 neurologic event and two patients developed grade ≤2 arachnoiditis. Conclusion: IT administration of topotecan was tolerable on this dose and schedule. The majority of adverse events were mild to moderate, reversible side effects. Complete central nervous system remissions were achieved in a subset of children with recurrent or refractory central nervous system leukemia. © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
HIV-positive patients treated for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: Clinical outcomes in the HAART era$$$ SETTING: Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) and the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) pose two of the greatest threats to global tuberculosis (TB) control. Given expanding global access to antiretroviral therapy (ART) and second-line TB drugs, more data are needed on experiences treating MDR-TB and HIV coinfection in resource-poor settings. OBJECTIVE: To describe the clinical characteristics, management, outcomes, and factors associated with survival among HIV-positive individuals receiving treatment for MDR-TB. DESIGN: This was a retrospective case series of 52 HIV-positive individuals receiving treatment for MDR-TB in Lima, Peru. We used Cox proportional hazards regression models to identify risk factors for mortality. RESULTS: A total of 31 (57%) of the cohort died on treatment, with the majority of deaths due to MDR-TB. Low baseline weight predicted a three-fold increased rate of death (aHR 3.1, 95%CI 1.5-6.7), while individuals receiving highly active ART experienced a significantly lower rate of death compared to those who were not (aHR 0.4, 95%CI 0.2-0.9). CONCLUSION: Early ART is likely a key component of effective MDR-TB management in co-infected individuals. © 2012 The Union. ER  - 
Discovery of curcumin, a component of golden spice, and its miraculous biological activities$$$ 1. Curcumin is the active ingredient of the dietary spice turmeric and has been consumed for medicinal purposes for thousands of years. Modern science has shown that curcumin modulates various signalling molecules, including inflammatory molecules, transcription factors, enzymes, protein kinases, protein reductases, carrier proteins, cell survival proteins, drug resistance proteins, adhesion molecules, growth factors, receptors, cell cycle regulatory proteins, chemokines, DNA, RNA and metal ions. 2. Because of this polyphenol's potential to modulate multiple signalling molecules, it has been reported to possess pleiotropic activities. First demonstrated to have antibacterial activity in 1949, curcumin has since been shown to have anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidant, pro-apoptotic, chemopreventive, chemotherapeutic, antiproliferative, wound healing, antinociceptive, antiparasitic and antimalarial properties as well. Animal studies have suggested that curcumin may be active against a wide range of human diseases, including diabetes, obesity, neurological and psychiatric disorders and cancer, as well as chronic illnesses affecting the eyes, lungs, liver, kidneys and gastrointestinal and cardiovascular systems. 3. Although many clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of curcumin against human ailments have already been completed, others are still ongoing. Moreover, curcumin is used as a supplement in several countries, including India, Japan, the US, Thailand, China, Korea, Turkey, South Africa, Nepal and Pakistan. Although inexpensive, apparently well tolerated and potentially active, curcumin has not been approved for the treatment of any human disease. 4. In the present article, we discuss the discovery and key biological activities of curcumin, with a particular emphasis on its activities at the molecular and cellular levels, as well as in animals and humans. © 2011 The Authors. Clinical and Experimental Pharmacology and Physiology © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical features and predictive factors in neuro-psychiatric lupus$$$ Background: Neuropsychiatric lupus (NPL) can present with a wide variety of clinical manifesta-tions secondary to major organ involvement. These are often difficult to diagnose and treat with a high mortality. Objective: This study aims to describe the prevalence, clinical features and predictive factors for NPL patients. Methods: Patients with SLE were retrospectively reviewed for 5 years, between January 2000 and August 2005. The prevalence, clinical features and predictive factors for NPL patients were studied. Neuropsychiatric (NP) syndromes were defined using the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) nomenclature and case definitions. Results: 750 patients with SLE were studied; 13 patients were excluded due to incomplete data. The mean age was 35± 11.7 years and 95.2% were female. The mean SLE disease duration was 6.9± 5.6 years. Eleven of the 19 ACR NP syndromes were identified and NP manifestations occurred in 97 patients (13%) with a total of 103 NP events. Central nervous system (CNS) manifestations accounted for 87% (84 patients), while involvement of the peripheral nervous system (PNS) 13% (13 patients). The three most frequent manifestation were seizures (31.1%), followed by psychoses (22.3%), and cerebrovascular disease (22.3%). CNS involvement was strongly associated with hematologic and gastrointestinal involvements. The mortality rate in patients with NPSLE was 18.8%. Conclusion: seizures, psychoses and cerebro-vascular disease were the three most common NP features in SLE patients. CNS involvement was strongly associated with hematologic and gastrointestinal involvement. ER  - 
Local infiltrative anesthetic effect of tramadol compared to lidocaine for excision of cutaneous lesions: Pilot randomized, double-blind clinical study$$$ Background: In this double-blind, randomized study, the efficacy of tramadol, an atypical opioid, was tested versus lidocaine in excision of cutaneous lesions of the face. Methods: Eighty-eight patients were randomly assigned to receive either 2 mg/kg tramadol 2% plus adrenaline 1:200,000 (group T, n = 46) or 3 mg/kg lidocaine 2% plus adrenaline 1:200,000 (group L, n = 42) for excision of cutaneous lesions. Pain at the injection site, 2 and 20 minutes postinjection and 3, 6, and 12 hours postoperatively, was monitored on a 0 to 10 numerical rating scale (NRS). Irritation at the injection point and the duration of postoperative analgesia were also recorded. Results: There were no significant differences in demographic data, topography, size of the lesions removed, and operative time between the two groups. A tendency toward lower injection NRS pain scores was observed in group L compared to group T (p = .064). No statistically significant differences between the two groups were found at 2 and 20 minutes postinjection ( p = .741 and p = .142, respectively); however, pain scores were significantly higher in group L at 3, 6, and 12 hours postoperatively (all p < .001). Erythema at the injection site was observed in nine group T and two group L patients (p 5 .076). No postoperative analgesics were required in the tramadol group of patients, whereas acetaminophen with or without codeine was administered in all but five lidocaine group patients during the first 12 hours. Conclusion: Tramadol may be used as a reliable local anesthetic agent, providing longer postoperative analgesia compared to lidocaine; however, it bears a higher incidence of irritation at the injection site. © 2012 Canadian Dermatology Association. ER  - 
Risk for attempted suicide in children and youths after contact with somatic hospitals: A Danish register based nested case-control study$$$ Background: A range of studies have found an association between some somatic diseases and increased risk of suicide and attempted suicide. These studies are mostly analyses of adult populations and illnesses related to adulthood. Objectives: To study the risk of attempted suicide in children and youths with a somatic diagnosis, and to assess a possible association from a somatic perspective. Methods From a cohort of 403 431 individuals (born 1983-89), 3465 children and youths who had attempted suicide were identified. Each case was matched with 20 population controls. 72 765 children and youths constituted the case-control population. All data were obtained from national population registers and analysed in a nested case-control design. Results: Contact of children and youths with a somatic hospital is correlated with increased risk of attempted suicide; the risk peaks in the time immediately after contact. Risk factors were treatment for injury caused by violence, epilepsy, asthma and malformation for males; and spontaneous and medical abortions, treatment for injury caused by violence, epilepsy, asthma, insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and malformation for females. Not all the mentioned diagnoses were significant in the adjusted model. Conclusions: Based on the results of the study a strategy to minimise the risk of attempted suicide among children and youths must be implemented. The strategy should mainly focus on children at high riskdthat is, children from families with low socioeconomic status, and children with a psychiatric history, a history of previous suicide attempts and with an unstable somatic disease subsequently causing many admissions. ER  - 
A within-subject comparison of propofol and methohexital anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ OBJECTIVES: The optimal anesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a frequently studied but unresolved issue. Methohexital and propofol are 2 widely used anesthetic agents for ECT. The purpose of this study was to determine which of the 2 agents was associated with superior clinical outcomes. METHODS: Records from all patients who had undergone separate ECT courses with methohexital and propofol between 1992 and 2008 (n = 48) were reviewed for a retrospective within-subject comparison of outcome measures. The clinical outcomes we examined were number of treatments required in a course of ECT, changes in the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale and Mini Mental Status Examination, and length of stay in the hospital after initiation of ECT. Additionally, we compared treatment delivery between methohexital and propofol treatment courses, measuring rate of restimulation for brief seizures, seizure duration, percentage of treatments that were bilateral, and average charge administered. RESULTS: Data from 1314 treatments over 155 ECT courses were reviewed. Improvement in depressive symptoms, based on the Montgomery- Åsberg Depression Rating Scale, was not affected by choice of anesthetic agent. However, when right unilateral electrode placement was used, patients receiving propofol required significantly more treatments than those receiving methohexital. Propofol was also associated with a significantly higher requirement for bilateral ECT and higher stimulus dosing. Seizure duration was significantly shorter in the propofol condition, with more patients requiring restimulation for brief seizures. Length of stay in the hospital and cognitive outcomes were not significantly different between propofol and methohexital treatments. CONCLUSIONS: We recommend methohexital as the induction agent of choice for ECT, especially with right unilateral placement. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Confirming psychogenic nonepileptic seizures with video-EEG: Sex matters$$$ The influence of gender on psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) diagnosis was examined retrospectively in 439 subjects undergoing video-EEG (vEEG) for spell classification, of whom 142 women and 42 men had confirmed PNES. The epileptologist's predicted diagnosis was correct in 72% overall. Confirmed epilepsy was correctly predicted in 94% men and 88% women. In contrast, confirmed PNES was accurately predicted in 86% women versus 61% men (p = 0.003). Sex-based differences in likelihood of an indeterminate admission were not observed for predicted epilepsy or physiologic events, but were for predicted PNES (39% men, 12% women, p = 0.0002). More frequent failure to record spells in men than women with predicted PNES was not explained by spell frequency, duration of monitoring, age, medication use, or personality profile. PNES are not only less common in men, but also more challenging to recognize in the clinic, and even when suspected more difficult to confirm with vEEG. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Rational polytherapy with lacosamide in clinical practice: Results of a Spanish cohort analysis RELACOVA$$$ There has been little long-term success with polytherapy for patients with refractory partial-onset epilepsy. The rational combination of antiepileptic drugs based on their mechanism of action may help improve treatment efficacy and tolerability. Lacosamide, a novel sodium channel blocker (SCB), was investigated in 158 patients with partial-onset epilepsy in the prospective, multicenter, observational, RELACOVA cohort study conducted in Spain. After 12. months' treatment with lacosamide, 47% of patients were responders (≥ 50% reduction in seizure frequency) and 24% were seizure free. Lacosamide was well tolerated; dizziness was the most frequent adverse event. Efficacy was better (responder rate, 65% vs 38%; seizure free rate, 35% vs 17%) and there was a lower adverse event rate (33% vs 58%) in patients receiving non-SCBs (n = 49) versus those receiving SCBs (n = 104) as concomitant therapy at baseline. Further investigation of lacosamide combination therapy is warranted. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Therapeutic devices for epilepsy$$$ Therapeutic devices provide new options for treating drug-resistant epilepsy. These devices act by a variety of mechanisms to modulate neuronal activity. Only vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), which continues to develop new technology, is approved for use in the United States. Deep brain stimulation of anterior thalamus for partial epilepsy recently was approved in Europe and several other countries. Responsive neurostimulation, which delivers stimuli to 1 or 2 seizure foci in response to a detected seizure, recently completed a successful multicenter trial. Several other trials of brain stimulation are in planning or underway. Transcutaneous magnetic stimulation (TMS) may provide a noninvasive method to stimulate cortex. Controlled studies of TMS are split on efficacy, which may depend on whether a seizure focus is near a possible region for stimulation. Seizure detection devices in the form of shake detectors via portable accelerometers can provide notification of an ongoing tonic-clonic seizure, or peace of mind in the absence of notification. Prediction of seizures from various aspects of electroencephalography (EEG) is in early stages. Prediction appears to be possible in a subpopulation of people with refractory seizures, and a clinical trial of an implantable prediction device is underway. Cooling of neocortex or hippocampus reversibly can attenuate epileptiform EEG activity and seizures, but engineering problems remain in its implementation. Optogenetics is a new technique that can control excitability of specific populations of neurons with light. Inhibition of epileptiform activity has been demonstrated in hippocampal slices, but use in humans will require more work. In general, devices provide useful palliation for otherwise uncontrollable seizures, but with a different risk profile than with most drugs. Optimizing the place of devices in therapy for epilepsy will require further development and clinical experience. Copyright © 2011 American Neurological Association. ER  - 
Surgical outcome in PET-positive, MRI-negative patients with temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission computed tomography (FDG-PET) hypometabolism is important for surgical planning in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE), but its significance remains unclear in patients who do not have evidence of mesial temporal sclerosis (MTS) on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). We examined surgical outcomes in a group of PET-positive, MRI-negative patients and compared them with those of patients with MTS. Methods: We queried the Thomas Jefferson University Surgical Epilepsy Database for patients who underwent anterior temporal lobectomy (ATL) from 1991 to 2009 and who had unilateral temporal PET hypometabolism without an epileptogenic lesion on MRI (PET+/MRI-). We compared this group to the group of patients who underwent ATL and who had MTS on MRI. Patients with discordant ictal electroencephalography (EEG) were excluded. Surgical outcomes were compared using percentages of Engel class I outcomes at 2 and 5 years as well as Kaplan-Meier survival statistic, with time to seizure recurrence as survival time. A subgroup of PET+/MRI- patients who underwent surgical implantation prior to resection was compared to PET+/MRI- patients who went directly to resection without implantation. Key Findings: There were 46 PET+/MRI- patients (of whom 36 had 2-year surgical outcome available) and 147 MTS patients. There was no difference between the two groups with regard to history of febrile convulsions, generalized tonic-clonic seizures, interictal spikes, depression, or family history. Mean age at first seizure was higher in PET+/MRI- patients (19 ± 13 vs.14 ± 13 years, Mann-Whitney test, p = 0.008) and disease duration was shorter (14 ± 10 vs. 22 ± 13 years, student's t-test, p = 0.0006). Class I surgical outcomes did not differ significantly between the PET+/MRI- patients and the MTS group (2 and 5 year outcomes were 76% and 75% for the PET+/MRI- group, and 71% and 78% for the MTS group); neither did outcomes of the PET+/MRI- patients who were implanted prior to resection versus those who went directly to surgery (implanted patients had 71% and 67% class I outcomes at 2 and 5 years, whereas. nonimplanted patients had 77% and 78% class I outcomes, p = 0.66 and 0.28). Kaplan-Meier survival statistics for both comparisons were nonsignificant at 5 years. Dentate gyrus and hilar cell counts obtained from pathology for a sample of patients also did not differ between groups. Significance: PET-positive, MRI-negative TLE patients in our study had excellent surgical outcomes after ATL, very similar to those in patients with MTS, regardless of whether or not they undergo intracranial monitoring. These patients should be considered prime candidates for ATL, and intracranial monitoring is probably unnecessary in the absence of discordant data. © 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Selective attention of patients sufering from recurrent headache in pain free period: A case-control study$$$ Introduction: Attentional complaints are frequent in headache patients. The question whether pain free headache patients show attentional impairments compared to matched controls subjects is addressed. Objective: To evaluate the selective attention of headache patients in a pain free period. Patients and methods: We realized, from February 2011 to July 2011, a case-control study, including 45 students suffering from recurrent headache, in a pain free period, matched with 45 healthy students' controls. Participants with history of brain injury, epilepsy and visual disturbances were excluded. Mood disorders were assessed in all participants using Hospital Anxiety Depression (HAD) questionnaire. Headaches were classified according to the International Headache Society, 2004 criteria. Selective attention was evaluated using the D-KEFS Color-Word Interference Test. Results: The mean age was 23.69 ± 2.55 years for patient's group, versus 22.49 ± 2.04 years for controls (p = 0.2). Male/ female ratio was 2/3 for both groups. Migraine and tensiontype headache were the only types of headache (55.56% and 44.44% respectively). The selective attention score, calculated with the Golden formula was -4.04 ± 7.08 for the patient's group, versus -1.31 ± 7.73 for controls group (p = 0.08). The mean mental flexibility score was lower in patients group compared to controls group (36.67 ± 6.79 versus 41.33 ± 6.23, p = 0.001). Gender, mood state, temporal features of headache had no effect on selective attention score. Conclusion: Although mental flexibility performances of recurrent headache patients are significantly reduced, their selective attention level seems to be conserved in pain free period. ER  - 
Mass psychogenic illness in leroy high school, New York$$$ Objective: Present the clinical data from a unique case of Mass Psychogenic Illness (MPI) involving tic like movements in a high school population. Methods: A retrospective study evaluated clinical histories, precipitating events, laboratory studies, treatment strategies, severity and duration of illness for patients seen at Dent Neurologic Institute (DNI). A timeline was developed to examine the evolution of the event and factors which may have precipitated and prolonged symptomatology. Results: Nineteen teenagers reported prominent tic movements in the school. Two were known to have a pre-existing diagnosis of Simple Tic Disorder or Tourette Disorder, with exacerbated symptoms. The neurologic examination was unremarkable, except for findings consistent with conversion disorder. Fourteen teens (13 females and 1 male) ages 13-19 years were followed at DNI. Ten had significant life stressors. Six also developed syncope and psychogenic seizures. Nine had co-morbid migraines. Three were lost to follow up. Laboratory studies included ASO, ESR, CRP, TSH, heavy metals, tox screen, Ceruoplasmin, ANA, CBC, CMP, Lyme and Mycoplasma. Conclusions: There were no consistent abnormalities to suggest a uniform organic (environmental, infectious or postvaccination) cause for the movement disorder. Treatments with behavioral modification techniques, psychologic support, education, pharmacotherapy, and removal from social setting were successful in allowing 5 teens to completely recover and 6 to improve by 85-97%. Notable exacerbation and prolongation of symptomatology was observed with increased media attention and psychosocial stressors. ER  - 
Energy drinks: Health risks and toxicity$$$ Objective: To explore the current use of conventional and complementary medicines in Australians aged ≥50 years. Design, setting and participants: Cross-sectional postal survey sent to a random sample of 4500 Australians aged ≥50 years between June 2009 and February 2010. Main outcome measures: Prevalence of medicines use, reasons for medicines use and sources of medicines. Results: Response rate was 37.3%. Medicines use was very common; 87.1% of participants took one or more medicines and 43.3% took five or more in the previous 24 hours. Complementary medicines were used by 46.3% of participants, 87.4% of whom used both conventional and complementary medicines. The most commonly used medicines were antihypertensive agents (43.2% of participants), natural marine and animal products including fish oil and glucosamine (32.4%) and lipid-lowering agents (30.4%). Doctors recommended 79.3% of all medicines and 93.0% of conventional medicines. Pharmacists commonly recommended occasional medicines (ie, as needed), while friends, family and media most often influenced use of complementary medicines. Conclusions: The use of multiple medicines is common and higher than reported in the 1995 National Health Survey. Today, much medicines use is to prevent future disease by influencing risk factors. High levels of polypharmacy highlight the need to support the safe and effective use of medicines in the community. Although doctors recommend or prescribe most medicines, selfdirected medication use is common. This highlights the need for consumer access to accurate information and strategies to improve health literacy about medicines. ER  - 
Weight gain, metabolic disturbances, and physical health care in a Brazilian sample of outpatients with schizophrenia$$$ Background: In the last few decades, a large number of studies have produced compelling evidence that patients with schizophrenia are at increased risk for developing several medical conditions and diseases, including obesity, metabolic disturbances, and cardiovascular diseases. Several protocols have been designed with the aim of reducing such risk. Objective: To investigate current physical health status in a population of outpatients with schizophrenia. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in our outpatient clinic, selecting subjects who met DSM-IV diagnosis criteria for schizophrenia. Data were collected regarding clinical characteristics, lifestyle, medication in use, and biometric and laboratory parameters. Results: A total of 261 patients were included. We found a high prevalence of elevated body mass index (BMI > 25) (70%), dyslipidemia (73.2%), and metabolic syndrome (28.7%). Patients' ages were associated with worsened lipid profiles, but other variables, such as disorder duration or type of antipsychotic in use, were not associated with any metabolic disturbance. Despite the increased prevalence of these conditions, only a small portion of the sample was under regular medical treatment. Conclusion: Outpatients with schizophrenia show signs of poor physical health conditions. These findings reinforce the need for an intensive and appropriate approach to assure that these patients receive adequate clinical referral and treatment. © 2013 Gordon et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Gender differences in Wilson's disease$$$ Background: Wilson's disease (WD) is an inherited disorder of copper metabolism. Although well documented in many disorders, gender hasn't been directly addressed in WD; therefore, our aim was to evaluate gender differences in WD. Methods: We analyzed data on 627 consecutive WD patients entered into our registry (1958-2010). Results: We observed a male predominance in our population of WD patients (327 males vs. 290 females; p < 0.05). At disease diagnosis, 510/627 patients were symptomatic, most patients had the neuropsychiatric WD form (345/510; p < 0.01). The neuropsychiatric form occurred predominantly in men versus women (209/278 vs. 136/232; p < 0.01), especially the rigidity-tremor (71/111 vs. 40/111; p < 0.05), rigidity (23/33 vs. 10/33; p = 0.07) and psychiatric forms (46/71 vs. 25/71; p = 0.06). The hepatic form occurred more frequently in women (96/165 vs. 69/165; p < 0.01) and women developed the neuropsychiatric form 2 years later than men (29.4 vs. 27.1; p < 0.05). Conclusions: According to our findings, the neuropsychiatric form of WD is predominant at diagnosis in both genders. The hepatic form of WD occurs more frequently in women, and women develop the neuropsychiatric form of disease almost 2 years later than men. We speculate these differences may be due to the protective effect of estrogens and iron metabolism differences. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Factors and comorbidities associated with central nervous system involvement in systemic lupus erythematosus: a retrospective cross-sectional case-control study from a single center$$$ To evaluate, by a retrospective cross-sectional case-control study from a single center, the distribution of a number of factors and comorbidities potentially related to central nervous system involvement in SLE Italian patients, a number of "generic" (i.e. not strictly SLE related) and "specific" (i.e. SLE related) risk factors were checked and their distribution analyzed in SLE patients with (NPSLE) and without (SLE) neuropsychiatric (NP) involvement. One hundred and fifty-three SLE patients with NP involvement observed from 1999 to 2008 and 247 SLE patients without NP manifestations, matched for sex, age and disease duration were included in the study. A neuropsychiatric (NP) event represented the heralding symptom of the disease in 40.5% of NPSLE. Headache, cerebrovascular events, mood disorders and seizures were the most frequent NP manifestations. NPSLE patients had a major cumulative number of the investigated factors than controls without NP involvement. Antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL), lupus anticoagulant (LA), Antiphospholipid antibodies syndrome (APS), Raynaud's phenomenon, smoke, assumption of contraceptives and higher cumulative dose of glucocorticosteroids (GC) were significantly more commonly observed among NPSLE. APS and systemic arterial hypertension were more frequently detected among patients with focal NP manifestations, especially cerebrovascular events. aPL, LA, APS, Raynaud's phenomenon, smoke, contraceptives intake and higher cumulative dose of GC did prove more frequently detected in NPSLE patients than in controls. In particular, overall, arterial hypertension should be regarded as a potential independent "risk factor" for focal involvement, especially for cerebrovascular events. ER  - 
Weight-based strategy of dose administration in children using intravenous busulfan: Clinical and pharmacokinetic results$$$ Background: A prospective clinical trial was performed in order to validate the pharmacokinetic (PK) and clinical benefits of a new dosing schedule of intravenous busulfan (IV Bu) in children. Procedure: IV Bu was administered as a 2-hr infusion every 6hr for 4 days. Five dose levels were given according to body-weight strata. Results: The 67 children aged from 4 months to 17.2 years were followed up over 50 months after autologous or allogeneic stem-cell transplantation. Reduced PK variability was seen after IV Bu administration enabling efficient targeting with 78% of patients within the 900-1,500μM·min therapeutic window and reproducible exposures across administrations. No neurological complications occurred. The low incidence of hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) recorded was not correlated with high area under the curve (AUC). Only stomatitis was correlated with high AUC in the autologous group. The 4-year overall survival was 59% in the autologous group and 82% in the allogeneic group. Conclusion: The new dosing schedule using IV Bu provides adequate therapeutic targeting from the first administration, with low toxicity and good disease control in high-risk children. The choice of this formulation of Bu should be considered because of its low morbidity and good outcome. © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Atypical antipsychotic drugs and ethanol withdrawal syndrome: A review$$$ Aims: Alcoholism and psychosis are known to have common neurochemical substrates. The aim of this review is to assess the reports involved in the effects of some atypical antipsychotic agents on the signs of ethanol withdrawal syndrome (EWS) in rats. Thus, both effectiveness of these drugs in ethanol withdrawal and the association between the drug effects and the signs have been investigated here on the same animal model. Methods: Adult Wistar rats were used as subjects. Ethanol was given to rats by modified liquid diet technique for inducing ethanol dependence. Clozapine, olanzapine, risperidone, quetiapine and ziprasidone were the drugs tested. Effects of these drugs on the signs of ethanol withdrawal such as locomotor hyperactivity, stereotyped behavior, tremor, wet dog shakes, tail-stiffness, abnormal posture and gait, agitation and audiogenic seizures were evaluated for the first 6 h of ethanol withdrawal. Results: Although some beneficial effects of all the drugs on ethanol withdrawal signs were observed, olanzapine precipitated abnormal posture and gait in the animals. Effectiveness rank of the used atypical antipsychotics was as follows: risperidone = quetiapine > ziprasidone > klozapine > olanzapine. Conclusion: Our results suggest that risperidone and quetiapine seem to be potent and pharmacologically more active agents on EWS in rats. Thus, these drugs may be beneficial in treatment of EWS in patients with alcoholism. Ziprasidone and clozapine also seem to be useful drugs in treatment of ethanol withdrawal. © The Author 2011. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Medical Council on Alcohol. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Factors and comorbidities associated with first neuropsychiatric event in systemic lupus erythematosus: Does a risk profile exist? A large multicentre retrospective cross-sectional study on 959 italian patients$$$ Objective: To analyse risk factors and comorbidities potentially associated with CNS involvement in a large cohort of Italian patients affected by SLE.Methods: A number of generic (not strictly SLE related) and specific (disease related) risk factors to which all patients have been exposed in the span of 5 years before the first neuropsychiatric (NP) event or before the last available observation were checked for and their distribution was analysed in 959 SLE patients with and without NP involvement; all the first NP events that occurred in a time frame of 10 years were recorded and categorized as SLE related or SLE unrelated.Results: Three hundred and twenty-six SLE patients with and 633 SLE patients without NP manifestations were included in the study. A total of 469 NP events were recorded. Headache (26.1%), cerebrovascular events (22.7%), mood disorders (8.9%), seizures (14.4%) and cognitive dysfunctions (9.5%) were the most frequent SLE-related NP events. More risk factors [mean 4.52 (2.44) vs 3.73 (2.01); P < 0.0001] were observed in patients with than without NP involvement. Overall, aPLs, LA and APS were factors more strongly associated with NP involvement.Conclusions: In SLE, NP involvement and aPLs were confirmed as closely related. Furthermore, other modifiable generic risk factors, such as hypertension, carotid vasculopathy and dyslipidaemia, appeared to be related to the occurrence of cerebral vascular accident (CVA) and cognitive dysfunctions, suggesting the need for a more intensive preventive strategy to optimize the management of NP lupus. © The Author 2011. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Deep brain stimulation of the subthalamic nucleus for advanced Parkinson disease using general anesthesia: Long-term results: Clinical article$$$ Object. The authors analyze long-term outcome in a substantial number of patients who underwent subthalamic nucleus (STN) deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgery under general anesthesia. Methods. Eighty-two patients underwent bilateral placement of DBS electrodes under general anesthesia for advanced Parkinson disease; the STN was the target in all cases. All patients underwent intraoperative microelectrode recording of the STN. No intraoperative macrostimulation was performed. Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) data were recorded in 28 patients. Assessment of outcome was performed using the UPDRS (in 28 cases), the electrophysiological recordings (in all 82 cases), medication reduction (in 78 cases), and complications (in 82 cases). Results. There was improvement in UPDRS scores across all measures following surgery. The total UPDRS score, off medication, improved from 68.78 (geometrical mean, 95% CI 61.76-76.60) preoperatively to 45.89 (geometrical mean, 95% CI 34.86-60.41) at 1 year postoperatively (p = 0.003, data available in 26 patients). Improvements were obtained in UPDRS Part II (Activities of Daily Living) off medication (p = 0.001) and also UPDRS Part III (Motor Examination) off medication (p &λτ; 0.001). Results for the on-medication and on-stimulation states also showed a statistically significant improvement for UPDRS Part III (p = 0.047). Good microelectrode recording of the STN was obtained under general anesthesia; the median first-track length was 4.0 mm, and the median number of tracks passed per patient was 3.0. The median reduction in levodopa medication was 58.1% (interquartile range 42.9%-73.3%). One patient had an intracerebral hemorrhage in the track of 1 electrode but did not require surgical evacuation. One patient had generalized convulsive seizures 24 hours postoperatively and was intubated for seizure control. Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale scores were obtained in 26 patients at 1 year, 28 patients at 3 years, 17 at 5 years, and 7 at 7 years postoperatively. Up to 7 years postoperatively, there was sustained improvement in the total UPDRS score. The results in these patients showed minimal deterioration in the motor section of the UPDRS over time, up to 7 years following the operation. The authors found no evidence that the UPDRS Part II scores changed significantly over the period of 1-7 years after surgery (p = 0.671, comparison of mean scores at 1 and 7 years using generalized estimating equations). Conclusions. Long-term outcomes confirm that it is both safe and effective to perform STN DBS under general anesthesia. As part of patient choice, this option should be offered to all DBS candidates with advanced Parkinson disease to enable more of these patients to undergo this beneficial surgery. ER  - 
Novel therapeutic strategies for alcohol and drug addiction: Focus on GABA, ion channels and transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Drug addiction represents a major social problem where addicts and alcoholics continue to seek and take drugs despite adverse social, personal, emotional, and legal consequences. A number of pharmacological compounds have been tested in human addicts with the goal of reducing the level or frequency of intake, but these pharmacotherapies have often been of only moderate efficacy or act in a sub-population of humans. Thus, there is a tremendous need for new therapeutic interventions to treat addiction. Here, we review recent interesting studies focusing on gamma-aminobutyric acid receptors, voltage-gated ion channels, and transcranial magnetic stimulation. Some of these treatments show considerable promise to reduce addictive behaviors, or the early clinical studies or pre-clinical rationale suggest that a promising avenue could be developed. Thus, it is likely that within a decade or so, we could have important new and effective treatments to achieve the goal of reducing the burden of human addiction and alcoholism. © 2012 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Bupropion sustained release added to group support for smoking cessation in schizophrenia: A new randomized trial and a meta-analysis$$$ Objective: To clarify the efficacy and tolerability of bupropion sustained release (SR) for the treatment of cigarette smoking in people with schizophrenia. Method: The first study is a double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial with 32 outpatients from the Maryland Psychiatric Research Center. From May 2003 to July 2007, clinically stable people with a DSM-IV diagnosis of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder who smoked at least 10 cigarettes per day and who were interested in quitting smoking or cutting down were recruited for participation. All participated in a 9-week support group and were randomly assigned to receive 12 weeks of bupropion SR or placebo. The primary outcome measure was 4 weeks' sustained abstinence over the last 4 study weeks. Secondary outcome measures included decrease in smoking behavior and change in symptoms, neuropsychological performance, and side effects. In the second study, we performed an electronic literature search of MEDLINE in September 2008. Articles in English published between 2003 and 2008 were searched for the terms schizophrenia, bupropion SR, and smoking. Bibliographies of studies identified through the MEDLINE search were also examined. Case reports, open-label studies, crossover studies, and studies using nonstandard dosing of bupropion SR were excluded. In this way, 4 studies similar in methodology to the currently presented clinical trial were identified and the individual data combined in a meta-analysis. A random effects meta-analysis using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis software was used to obtain a pooled estimate of the odds ratio for 4-week smoking abstinence between bupropion SR and placebo. Results: There were no significant results on the primary or secondary smoking measures for the clinical trial, although a numeric advantage favored the bupropion SR group. There were no significant findings for secondary symptom or side effect measures and no significant change in neuropsychological performance. For the meta-analysis totaling 226 subjects, there were significant findings in favor of bupropion SR. The pooled estimate of the odds ratio for 4-week abstinence was 2.7 (95% CI, 1.3 to 5.7; P = .009), and clinically significant greater smoking reduction in the bupropion SR group, with pooled difference estimates increasing over time between groups, became statistically significant by week 5 of study medication (P < .02). Conclusions: New clinical trial data and a meta-analysis strongly support the tolerability and efficacy of bupropion SR for the treatment of cigarette smoking in people with schizophrenia. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00176449. © Copyright 2011 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
A national profile of childhood epilepsy and seizure disorder$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine sociodemographics, patterns of comorbidity, and function of US children with reported epilepsy/seizure disorder. METHODS: Bivariate and multivariable cross-sectional analysis of data from the National Survey of Children's Health (2007) on 91 605 children ages birth to 17 years, including 977 children reported by their parents to have been diagnosed with epilepsy/seizure disorder. RESULTS: Estimated lifetime prevalence of epilepsy/seizure disorder was 10.2/1000 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 8.7-11.8) or 1%, and of current reported epilepsy/seizure disorder was 6.3/1000 (95% CI: 4.9- 7.8). Epilepsy/seizure disorder prevalence was higher in lower-income families and in older, male children. Children with current reported epilepsy/seizure disorder were significantly more likely than those never diagnosed to experience depression (8% vs 2%), anxiety (17% vs 3%), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (23% vs 6%), conduct problems (16% vs 3%), developmental delay (51% vs 3%), autism/ autism spectrum disorder (16% vs 1%), and headaches (14% vs 5%) (all P < .05). They had greater risk of limitation in ability to do things (relative risk: 9.22; 95% CI: 7.56-11.24), repeating a school grade (relative risk: 2.59; CI: 1.52-4.40), poorer social competence and greater parent aggravation, and were at increased risk of having unmet medical and mental health needs. Children with prior but not current seizures largely had intermediate risk. CONCLUSIONS: In a nationally representative sample, children with seizures were at increased risk for mental health, developmental, and physical comorbidities, increasing needs for care coordination and specialized services. Children with reported prior but not current seizures need further study to establish reasons for their higher than expected levels of reported functional limitations. Copyright © 2012 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
A long-term open-label extension study assessing cognition and behavior, tolerability, safety, and efficacy of adjunctive levetiracetam in children aged 4 to 16 years with partial-onset seizures$$$ The objective of this study was to assess cognition and behavior in children (4-16 years; n = 103) with partial-onset seizures using the Leiter-R International Performance Scale and Achenbach Child Behavior Checklist. The study was a multicenter, open-label, noncomparative 48-week extension study (NCT00152516) of adjunctive levetiracetam (20-100 mg/kg/d, mean 50.2 mg/kg/d). Improvement from baseline in Leiter-R Memory Screen composite score at weeks 24 and 48 (mean [SD] change, +4.8 [12.6] and +4.5 [15.3]) was similar to changes observed with levetiracetam and placebo in a prior study. Child Behavior Checklist Syndrome scores improved from baseline at weeks 24 and 48 (total problems mean [SD] change, -9.3 [22.2] and -10.4 [23.4]). Adjunctive levetiracetam was well tolerated (most frequently reported central nervous system-related treatmentemergent adverse events: headache [24.3%], aggression [7.8%], irritability [7.8%]). Of the patients, 4.9% discontinued because of treatment-emergent adverse events. Levetiracetam provided good and sustained seizure control (median percentage reduction from baseline in partial-onset seizure frequency/wk during maintenance: 86.4%); 24.7% of patients had continuous seizure freedom from all seizure types for ≥40 weeks. In children, adjunctive levetiracetam was associated with long-term stability in cognitive functioning and improvement in emotional/behavioral functioning over time. © 2012 The Author(s). ER  - 
Qualityoflife, mood and executive functioning after childhood craniopharyngioma treated with surgery and proton beam therapy$$$ Primary objective: Childhood craniopharyngioma, a benign tumour with a good survival rate, is associated with important neurocognitive and psychological morbidity, reducing qualityoflife (QoL). Method: This retrospective study analysed QoL, mood disorders, everyday executive functioning and disease's impact on family life in 29 patients (mean age at diagnosis 7 years 10 months (SD=4.1); mean followup period 6 years 2 months (SD=4.5)) treated for childhood craniopharyngioma by surgery combined with radiotherapy using proton beam. Assessment included a semistructured interview and standardized scales evaluating selfreport of QoL (Kidscreen 52) and depression (MDIC) and proxyreports of QoL (Kidscreen 52), executive functioning (BRIEF) and disease's impact (Hoare and Russel Questionnaire). Results: Twentythree families answered the questionnaires completely. Overall QoL selfreport was within the normal range. QoL proxyreport was lower than selfreport. Eleven patients reported depression; 2438% had dysexecutive symptoms. A majority of families felt 'very concerned' by the disease. Depression and low parental educational level were associated with lower QoL and higher levels of executive dysfunction. Conclusion: Given the high morbidity of childhood craniopharyngioma, screening for psychosocial outcome, cognitive functioning, including executive functions, mood and QoL should be systematic and specific interventions should be developed and implemented. © 2012 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment de-escalation after mitoxantrone therapy: Results of a phase IV, multicentre, open-label, randomized study of subcutaneous interferon beta-1a in patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to assess the effect of treatment with interferon (IFN) β-1a, 44 μg subcutaneously (sc) three times weekly (tiw), on clinical and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) outcomes in patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) following mitoxantrone therapy. Methods: This was an open-label, randomized, multicentre, rater-blinded, 96-week observational study conducted in Germany. Clinically stable patients with relapsing forms of MS, who had discontinued mitoxantrone treatment 1-6 months before study entry, were randomized to IFN β-1a sc 44 μg tiw, or no treatment. The primary endpoint was time to first relapse. Secondary endpoints included the number of relapse-free patients, disease activity assessed by MRI and time to 3-month confirmed Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) progression, all at week 96. Results: A total of 30 patients were randomized (intent-to-treat population: 14 IFN β-1a, 15 untreated; one patient from the safety population discontinued the study after 25 days owing to an adverse event and without providing any postbaseline efficacy data, and was thus excluded from the intent-to-treat population). Overall, 71.4% (10/14) of patients in the IFN β-1a group remained relapse free over 96 weeks, versus 46.7% (7/15) in the untreated group (p = 0.26). IFN β-1a delayed the time to first relapse versus no treatment (p = 0.14); time to first relapse (25th percentile) was 95.4 (IFN β-1a) versus 46.0 weeks (no treatment). Confirmed EDSS progression was observed in five patients in each treatment group. Mean change in EDSS score was 0.3 in both groups (p = 0.79). Changes in the number or volume of T1 and T2 lesions at week 96 were not significantly different between treatment groups (p > 0.05). There were no new or unexpected adverse events related to IFN β-1a treatment. Conclusions: Several endpoints appeared to show a benefit of IFN β-1a treatment, but no significant differences could be detected owing to the small sample. Therefore, these data only permit, at best, tentative conclusions about the disease course in patients with MS after de-escalation from mitoxantrone and continuation with or without IFN β-1a. Larger confirmatory studies are required. © The Author(s), 2012. ER  - 
Effect of three different dosages of magnesium sulfate on attenuating hemodynamic responses after electroconvulsive therapy:A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: The purpose of this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover study was to compare the efficacy of three different dosages of MgSO4 administration (10, 20, and 30 mg/kg) versus placebo on attenuation of cardiovascular response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methodology: Thirty-five adult patients scheduled for 8 ECT sessions were randomly assigned to be allocated twice into one of the four study groups: MgSO4 10 mg/kg (M10), MgSO4 20 mg/ kg (M20), MgSO4 30 mg/kg (M30), and placebo control (P). Systolic (SAP), diastolic (DAP) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate (HR) were recorded at 0, 1, 3, and 10 minutes after termination of ECT-induced seizures. Duration of electroencephalographs (EEGs) and motor seizures and peak HR during convulsions were also recorded. Results: Changes in SAP, DAP, and MAP were significantly attenuated at 0, one, and three minutes after ECT in groups M20 and M30 compared with group P (P< 0.05). Peak HR changes were significantly less in groups M20 and M30 compared with groups M10 and P (P< 0.05). Duration of motor and EEG seizure activity was not significantly different among the four groups. Conclusion: Administration of either 20 or 30 mg/kg MgSO4 significantly attenuated increased blood pressure and peak HR after ECT without decreasing seizure duration. ER  - 
Effects of pharmaceutical medications on male fertility$$$ The number of couples seeking consultation for infertility problems has steadily increased over the past decade, affecting 10%-15% of the sexually active population. Abnormal semen production, a male factor infertility (MFI), is thought to be the cause of up to 50% of all infertilities in developed countries. There are potentially many different causes of male infertility, including hormonal, anatomical, and secondary to exposure to exogenous substances. In many cases of MFI, a definitive cause for abnormalities is never identified. Recently, the research community has given greater attention to identifying causes of MFI ranging from genetic Y chromosome microdeletions to mechanisms of environmental damage on sperm production. Still evolving, is a clear understanding of how many pharmaceutical medications may cause MFI, which is often treatable and reversible. In this review we will outline the data regarding various pharmaceutical medications that have been investigated as possible causes of MFI. ER  - 
Profile of stress factors associated with mental disorders in children and adolescents referred for evaluation and treatment to the Free State Psychiatric Complex, 2007$$$ Introduction: South African children and adolescents face serious challenges. Over the past decades children have been exposed to rapid and stressful changes in their environment, including increased crime and violence. Aim of study: The aim of the study was to determine the profile of stress factors leading to mental disorders in children and adolescents referred to the Child and Adolescent Unit at the Free State Psychiatric Complex, Bloemfontein, from January 2006 to December 2007. Methods: A total of 669 children (0 -12 years) and adolescents (13 -18 years) referred to the unit for evaluation and treatment were included in the study. Results: Thirty per cent were diagnosed with attention deficit and disruptive behaviour disorders, followed by major depressive disorders (22.7%), anxiety disorders (18.5%), conduct disorders (16.1%), mild mental retardation (15.7%), adjustment disorders (9.6%), elimination disorders (8.8%), developmental disorders (7.6%) and bereavement (7.0%). Social stressors were identified in 64.1% of participants, and psychological stressors in 19%. Conclusions: Stress plays an important role in the lives of children and adolescents, which could lead to emotional problems if not well managed. The functioning of children and adolescents should be monitored continuously. Schools are in a favourable position to identify stressors affecting children and adolescents. Educators therefore need training and opportunities to consult on mental health matters. Furthermore, religious organisations should be enlisted to identify stressors manifesting as spiritual dysfunction. School health services can play a role in the recognition of biological stressors such as epilepsy, pregnancy, enuresis, illness, speech problems and sensory dysfunction. ER  - 
BL-1020, a new γ-aminobutyric acid-enhanced antipsychotic: Results of 6-week, randomized, double-blind, controlled, efficacy and safety study$$$ Objective: BL-1020 is a γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-enhanced antipsychotic that combines dopamine antagonism with GABA agonist activity. On the basis of animal models, we tested the hypotheses that BL-1020 would be effective in ameliorating both psychotic symptoms and cognitive impairments, with a favorable safety profile in acutely ill schizophrenia patients. Method: 363 hospital-based psychiatric patients in India, Romania, and United States aged 18 to 65 years and meeting criteria for DSM-IV-TR diagnosis of chronic schizophrenia were randomized double-blind to receive BL-1020 10 mg/d, BL-1020 20-30 mg/d, placebo, or risperidone (2-8 mg/d) for 6 weeks. The main outcome measures were the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS), Brief Assessment of Cognition in Schizophrenia, Readiness for Discharge Questionnaire, Clinical Global Impressions Scale (CGI) , and Extrapyramidal Symptom Rating Scale. The study ran from July 2008 to June 2009. Results: BL-1020 20-30 mg was significantly better than placebo on PANSS (P = .02) and CGI (P < .001) measurements, with no significant differences noted between BL-1020 20-30 mg and risperidone. There were no significant differences in the maximum change on Extrapyramidal Symptom Rating Scale between risperidone and BL-1020 20-30 mg, and both were significantly worse (P < .001) than placebo. BL-1020 20-30 mg was associated with significantly greater improvements on cognitive functioning as measured by the Brief Assessment of Cognition in Schizophrenia composite score when compared to placebo (effect size = 0.50, P = .009), risperidone (effect size = 0.43, P = .019), and BL-1020 10 mg (effect size = 0.42, P = .013) after 6 weeks. Conclusions: BL-1020 appears to be an effective antipsychotic with possible procognitive effects that will need to be further tested for short- and long-term effects. A further randomized controlled trial using the US Food and Drug Administration-recommended Measurement and Treatment Research to Improve Cognition in Schizophrenia cognitive battery is ongoing. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00567710. © Copyright 2012 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Lack of data on depression-like states and antidepressant pharmacotherapy in patients with epilepsy: Randomised controlled trials are badly needed$$$ The prevalence of depression in patients with epilepsy (PWE) is high. To elucidate the nature of depression in PWE, a comparison was made between PWE and patients with idiopathic depression (PWID), applying 3 test batteries: Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI-II), Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D) and Buss-Perry Aggression Questionnaire (BAQ). The former 2 rating scales were developed to measure depressive symptoms, while the latter was designed to detect anger and aggressive states. As a result, the group of patients with PWE showed significantly higher BAQ scores in comparison to those with PWID. Further, the BAQ and BDI scores were closely related within a group of PWE, while BAQ and BDI scores were not correlated with each other within a group of PWID. With regard to pharmaceutical therapy, the safety of antidepressants, especially SSRIs, is well established. However, there has been only one randomized controlled trial (RCT) thus far, which failed to show a significant difference in efficacy between placebo and various antidepressants. In contrast, there are two RCTs regarding the efficacy of LTG. The clinical profile of the depressiolytic effects of LTG in PWE may be different from that of antidepressants in patients with idiopathic depression, in that BAQ is more sensitive measure than BDI or CES-D. It is now widely recognized that the failure to treat depression in PWE can result in serious consequences. However, even a fundamental question, such as whether antidepressants are as effective in this population as in PWID, remains to be answered. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
The risks associated with stimulant medication use in child and adolescent populations diagnosed with attention- deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Throughout human history, psychiatric dysfunction in child and adolescent populations has been rare. However, over the last 2 decades, psychiatric diagnoses have reached epidemic proportions-particularly in the United States. Currently, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most commonly diagnosed psychiatric illness in child and adolescent populations with an estimated 10-12 million children diagnosed in the United States. Over the last 2 decades, behavior patterns that were once perceived as typical, normative developmental stages have been systematically redefined by those promoting the mass labeling and drugging of children as a "chemical imbalance of the brain." Grounded in bioevolutionary theory, this article will challenge the existing medical model and will explore in-depth the risks associated with the ADHD label and the use of stimulant medication in pediatric populations. In addition, this article will examine the cultural, physical, neurological, psychological, and social correlates as they relate to the diagnosis of ADHD in America. © 2012 Springer Publishing Company. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of alcohol use disorders and concurrent psychiatric disorders: A review$$$ Alcohol use disorders (AUDs) are among the most prevalent psychiatric disorders. Epidemiologic studies have shown a high prevalence of concurrent psychiatric disorders among people with AUDs as well as a higher prevalence of AUDs in people with psychiatric disorders than in the general population. Though psychiatric patients with concurrent AUDs are at increased risk for morbidity and mortality, they are commonly undertreated for their alcohol-related disorders. The efficacy of pharmacotherapy for AUDs is well documented. Our paper reviews the common pharmacotherapies available for AUDs and focuses on the available research regarding treatment of AUDs among psychiatric populations with mood, anxiety, and psychotic disorders. Despite the high prevalence of concurrent AUDs and psychiatric disorders, very limited information has been collected using a randomized controlled trial design targeting those concurrent conditions. Several prevalent psychiatric disorders have not been studied when co-occurring with AUDs. Further research of pharmacological treatments for concurrent AUDs and psychiatric diagnoses is urgently needed. ER  - 
Adverse effects profile of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis treatment in a South African outpatient clinic$$$ Background: Highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) and drugs that are used to treat multidrug-resistant tuberculosis have potentially overlapping adverse effects. Few South African studies have documented adverse effects in the multidrugresistant tuberculosis population. This study examined the adverse effects profile in a sample of the outpatient population at the King George V Hospital Multidrug-Resistant Tuberculosis Clinic in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal. Method: The method was an anonymous, retrospective record review of 350 patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis, who were attending the King George V Hospital Multidrug-Resistant Tuberculosis Clinic (2010-2011). Adverse effect profiles in patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis only, and those who were co-infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) who were on and not on HAART, were documented and analysed. Results: Adverse events were recorded for 80.6% of patients. These included hearing loss (28.7%); peripheral neuropathy (23.2%); diarrhoea, nausea and vomiting (20.5%); arthralgia (15.9%); rashes and dermatological effects (excluding Stevens-Johnson syndrome) (14%); abdominal pain and dyspepsia (10.3%); and psychoses and confusion (8.3%). In this study population, 72.6% of patients were HIV positive, and 85% were concomitantly on HAART and multidrug-resistant tuberculosis treatment. Adverse events were significantly more common in patients who were HIV positive than in patients who were HIV negative with regard to peripheral neuropathy (p-value < 0.001), psychosis and confusion (p-value = 0.04), hearing loss (p-value = 0.047), and thyroid disease (p-value < 0.001). The use of HAART in patients who were HIV positive and on multidrug-resistant tuberculosis treatment was not significantly associated with the overall incidence of adverse events (p-value = 0.432). However, the calculated likelihood ratios of several individual adverse events occurring in these patients was greater. Patients who were HIV negative experienced the least adverse events. Conclusion: The high percentage of patients in the sample population (45%) who was found to be multidrug-resistant tuberculosis positive de novo or while on standard tuberculosis treatment suggests that drug sensitivity testing for all patients with tuberculosis should be considered. The findings of this study support the current national policy that all patients with tuberculosis should be tested for HIV, and that all patients who are HIV positive and with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis should be on HAART. Clinicians should be supported in their function of examining, managing and recording adverse events. Reporting adverse events to the Department of Health should be encouraged. The development of a standardised recording instrument may mitigate the under-reporting of adverse events. The adverse effects profile in this study population differs from that reported in other studies. © SAAFP. ER  - 
Pre-surgical mood disorders associated to worse post-surgical seizure outcome in patients with refractory temporal lobe epilepsy and mesial temporal sclerosis$$$ Objectives: This study aims at verifying the impact of pre-surgical PD on seizure outcome in patients with refractory temporal lobe epilepsy and mesial temporal sclerosis (TLE-MTS). Methods: After previous consent, retrospective data from 115 surgically treated (corticoamygdalohyppocampectomy) TLE-MTS patients (65 females; 56.5%) were analyzed. Psychiatric evaluations were performed through DSM-IV criteria. Engel IA was established as a favorable prognosis. Results: Forty-five patients (41.6%) were classified as Engel IA, while 47 (40.8%) presented pre-surgical PD. Depression (OR = 5.11; p = 0.004) appeared as a risk factor associated to a non-favorable seizure outcome. Conclusion: In patients with refractory TLE-MTS, the presence of depression predicts an unfavorable outcome. ER  - 
Intracranial neurostimulation for epilepsy$$$ There have been significant advances in stimulation of the central nervous system applied to epilepsy over the last couple of decades. A number of similarities arise, regardless of target: there appears to be a latency to beneficial effect, and there appears to be progressive improvement in the degree of seizure reduction in responders over a period of months. Further basic research will help advance the understanding of the underlying mechanisms of these procedures. With all of these techniques, increased numbers and stratification of results to specific epilepsy syndromes will help to allow us to appropriately select patients for these procedures. The seizure freedom rates with these neuromodulatory techniques do not approach those achieved with resective surgery - leaving them as techniques to be considered in patients who are not resective candidates. ER  - 
Pitfalls of psychogenic non-epileptic status epilepticus$$$ Objectives and Background: In patients with medically refractory seizures 20-30% do not have epilepsy, and the majority are diagnosed with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). Almost one-third of this group has a prolonged episode that is termed as PNES status epilepticus (PNES-SE). The aim of this study was to describe the characteristics of patients with (1) PNES-SE only and (2) PNES-SE with concurrent epileptic seizures. Methods: We screened retrospectively all patients who underwent video-electroencephalogram (video-EEG) long-term monitoring at our institution between 1996 and 2009. Patients with PNES were identified by typical clinical features with no ictal EEG changes. Patients with continuous episodes for at least 30 min that led to intubation were identified as PNES-SE. They were divided into two groups: group 1, pure PNES-SE and group 2, PNES-SE with concurrent epilepsy. Group characteristics were defined with respect to demographic, clinical, electroencephalographic, neuroimaging and psychiatric variables. Results: PNES were recorded in 88/916 patients (10%) of whom 6 (7%) were treated intensively due to misdiagnosis of status epilepticus (SE), with two having coexistent epileptic seizures. All patients had concurrent psychiatric disorder(s), diagnosed by a psychiatrist. Duration of time until correct diagnosis was lengthy in all cases, and particularly for patients with PNES-SE with coexisting epileptic seizures (more than 10 years). Conclusion: To avoid iatrogenic complications and to treat the underlying psychiatric conditions, early diagnosis of PNES is necessary. Understanding the clinical characteristics of PNES-SE leads to early diagnoses, which may avoid iatrogenesis and economic burden. Copyright © The Authors 2013. ER  - 
Epilepsy surgery: An evidence summary$$$ Background: The Medical Advisory Secretariat, the predecessor of Health Quality Ontario, published an evidencebased analysis on functional brain imaging. This analysis highlighted the low uptake of epilepsy surgery in Ontario and internationally. Objective: The objective of this analysis was to review the effectiveness of epilepsy surgery at reducing seizure frequency, as well as the safety of epilepsy surgery. Data Sources: The literature search included studies published between January 1995 and March 2012. Search terms included epilepsy, surgery, resection, safety, and complications. Review Methods: Studies were eligible for inclusion if they included at least 20 patients undergoing surgery; had a comparison group of patients with epilepsy who were not undergoing surgery; and reported follow-up periods of at least 1 year. Outcomes of interest included seizure frequency and complications associated with surgery. Results: Six systematic reviews reported pooled seizure-free rates that ranged from 43% to 75%. Two randomized controlled trials compared the effectiveness of epilepsy surgery with no surgery in patients with drugrefractory epilepsy. Both trials reported significant improvements in the seizure frequency in the surgery group compared with the nonsurgery group. Eight retrospective cohort studies reported on the safety of epilepsy surgery. Of the 2,725 patients included in these studies, there were 3 deaths reportedly related to surgery. Other complications included hemiparesis, infection, and visual field defects. The studies had long follow-up periods ranging from a mean of 2 to 7 years. Limitations: The most recent randomized controlled trial was stopped early due to slow enrolment rates. Thus results need to be interpreted with caution. Conclusions: There is high quality evidence that epilepsy surgery is effective at reducing seizure frequency. Two randomized controlled trials compared surgery to no surgery in patients with drug-refractory epilepsy. Both demonstrated significant reductions in seizure frequency. ER  - 
Nonconvulsive status epilepticus in adults: Electroclinical differences between proper and comatose forms$$$ Objective: Nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) represents an important percentage of status epilepticus in adults, but detailed studies of both NCSE proper and comatose NCSE are lacking. We retrospectively analyzed a prospectively collected series of 50 adult patients with a diagnosis of NCSE whose electroencephalograms (EEGs) have been interpreted for a period of 10. years by the same investigator. Methods: Two groups, NCSE proper and comatose NCSE were considered. All clinical, EEGs, neuroimaging data, antiepileptic treatment and outcome were analyzed. Results: Thirty-two patients (64%) had NCSE proper and 18 patients (36%) comatose NCSE. The mean age was 56. years (range 19-89. years). Fourteen (44%) were diagnosed with absence status epilepticus (ASE), one had simple partial status epilepticus (SPSE) and 17 (53%) had complex partial status epilepticus (CPSE). The mean episode duration (33.2. ±. 13.9 versus 60.6. ±. 34.0), mean number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) (1.46. ±. 0.5 versus 2.77. ±. 1.39) and neuroimaging anomalies (50% versus 16%) was significantly greater in the partial/focal NCSE proper subgroup than in the ASE subgroup. The mean age (56.0. ±. 19.9 versus 69.4. ±. 12.1), number of elderly individuals (46% versus 77%), mean duration of the episode (49.1. ±. 30.4 versus 153.3. ±. 142.6), mortality rate (6% versus 61%) and admission at ICU (18% versus 83%) was significantly higher in the comatose NCSE group than in the NCSE proper group (p<.05). Conversely, a previous history of chronic epilepsy was significantly more frequent (62% versus 5.6%) in the NCSE proper group. The mean duration of comatose NCSE was significantly greater in the surviving subgroup (102.5. ±. 29.1 versus 233.1. ±. 65.3; p<. .05). Conclusions: Our study demonstrates that there are sufficient differences regarding age of onset, history of previous epilepsy, episode duration, mortality rate and clinical presentation between NCSE proper and comatose NCSE to recommend adoption in clinical practice. These results should be taken into account when developing future classifications and therapeutic trials on NCSE. Significance: A distinction between NCSE proper (ambulatory forms of NCSE) and comatose NCSE is useful in the clinical practice and, therefore, it should taken in account in the design of future investigations on this heterogeneous epileptic condition. © 2011 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. ER  - 
Sleep problems in children with autism, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, and epilepsy$$$ This study aimed to examine sleep problems in children with autism spectrum disorders (ASD), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and epilepsy in clinical settings. We assessed 64 children with ASD, 64 with ADHD, 64 with epilepsy, and 64 typically developing children without any neuropsychiatric disorders by using a sex-and age-matched case-control study design. The parents reported their children's sleep problems. Parents of children with ASD and ADHD reported more current and lifetime sleep problems of their children than parents of children with epilepsy, especially in snoring and restless legs syndrome. Current or lifetime sleep problems did not differ between children with ASD and children with ADHD, or between children with epilepsy and typically developing children. Demographic characteristics and medication status could not fully explain the increased risk of sleep problems in children with ASD and ADHD. Our findings lend evidence to support more sleep problems in children with ASD and ADHD than typically developing children. Our study adds that children with epilepsy do not. These findings emphasize the importance to assess sleep problems in children with neurodevelopmental disorders highly comorbid with ASD or ADHD in clinical practice. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Oxcarbazepine monotherapy in patients with brain tumor-related epilepsy: Open-label pilot study for assessing the efficacy, tolerability and impact on quality of life$$$ We conducted a prospective, observational study to verify the efficacy, tolerability and impact on quality of life, mood and global neurocognitive performances of oxcarbazepine monotherapy in patients with brain tumor-related epilepsy (BTRE). Patients were followed for 12 months. We recruited 25 patients (11 females 14 males; mean age 49.7) affected with BTRE (17 de novo patients and 7 in monotherapy with other antiepileptics) and introduced oxcarbazepine monotherapy because of uncontrolled seizures and/or side effects. At first visit, patients underwent neurological examination, Qolie 31P V2, EORTC QLQC30, Zung self-depression rating scale (ZSDRS) and adverse events profile. A seizure diary was given to each patient. Follow-up duration was 1-12 months (mean 7.1 months, 5 patients died and 10 dropped out). Totals of 16 patients underwent both chemotherapy and radiotherapy, 4 chemotherapy only, 1 radiotherapy only, and 4 did not undergo any systemic therapy. Mean dosage of oxcarbazepine was 1,230 mg/day (min 600, max 2,100 mg/ day). McNemar's test showed a significant difference in seizure freedom rate (P = 0.002) between baseline and final follow-up in the intent-to-treat population. Six patients (24%) had serious side effects and one patient (4%) mild. Logistic regression revealed that, in our study, chemotherapy and radiotherapy did not affect the efficacy of OXC in seizure outcome (P = 0.658). The test evaluation at final follow-up showed a significant improvement in ZSDRS (P = 0.011) and no change over time. Oxcarbazepine seems to be efficacious in controlling seizures and in improving mood in patients with BTRE, but special caution should be taken when it is administered during radiotherapy. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Patients with epilepsy and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: An inpatient video-EEG monitoring study$$$ Seizure and EEG characteristics of patients with epilepsy and concomitant psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) were compared to age and sex matched controls with epilepsy alone in a retrospective case control study. 39 patients with clearly documented epileptic and non-epileptic events were compared to 78 age and sex matched controls, sequentially admitted for video-EEG monitoring with documentation of epilepsy alone. Frontal seizures were higher in prevalence in patients with PNES who had concomitant epilepsy (P < 0.001), while temporal seizures were higher in prevalence in patients with epilepsy alone (P < 0.04). On regression analysis, the odds of having a frontal seizure was found to be significantly lower in the epilepsy alone group compared to the epilepsy + PNES group (odds ratio 0.13, 95% CI, 0.033-0.51). This significant association between frontal lobe epilepsy and PNES may be related to misattribution of frontal seizures for PNES events, or may reflect frontal lobe cortical dysfunction in this subgroup. © 2011 British Epilepsy Association. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychiatric co-morbidities and cardiovascular risk factors in people with lifetime history of epilepsy of an urban community$$$ Objectives: Depression has been consistently reported in people with epilepsy. Several studies also suggest a higher burden of cardiovascular diseases. We therefore analysed psychosocial co-morbidity and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with a lifetime history of epilepsy in the PsyCoLaus study, a Swiss urban population-based assessment of mental health and cardiovascular risk factors in adults aged between 35 and 66 years. Patients and methods: Among 3719 participants in the PsyCoLaus study, we retrospectively identified those reporting at least 2 unprovoked seizures, defined as epilepsy. These subjects were compared to all others regarding psychiatric, social, and cardiovascular risk factors data using uni- and multivariable assessments. Results: A significant higher need for social help (p < 0.001) represented the only independent difference between 43 subjects with a history of epilepsy and 3676 controls, while a higher prevalence of psychiatric co-morbidities (p = 0.015) and a lower prevalent marital status (p = 0.01) were only significant on univariate analyses. Depression and cardio-vascular risk factors, as well as educational level and employment, were similar among the groups. Conclusions: This analysis confirms an increased prevalence of psychosocial burden in subjects with a lifetime history of epilepsy; conversely, we did not find a higher cardiovascular risk. The specific urban and geographical location of our cohort and the age span of the studied population may account for the differences from previous studies. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of etomidate versus thiopental on major depressive disorder in electroconvulsive therapy, a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Although the therapeutic effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) on major depressive disorder is widely investigated, there is a gap in literature regarding the possible effects of the medications used for induction of anesthesia in ECT. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is the first randomized double-blind clinical trial comparing the effect of etomidate and sodium thiopental on the depression symptoms in patients who have received ECT. METHODS: The participants of this study are 60 adult patients with major depressive disorder who were referred for ECT. They were randomly allocated into 1 of the 2 groups. One group received etomidate, and the other group received sodium thiopental, as medication for induction of anesthesia. All the patients received bilateral ECT. The outcomes measures included the Beck Depression Inventory score, seizure duration, and recovery duration after induction of anesthesia. RESULTS: The sex ratio and mean age were not different between the 2 groups. Linear regression analysis showed that etomidate decreased the depression score more than did sodium thiopental. Seizure duration in all of the sessions in the etomidate group was significantly higher than that of sodium thiopental group. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, etomidate may improve major depressive disorder more than sodium thiopental in patients who are receiving ECT. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
A pragmatic 12-week, randomized trial of duloxetine versus generic selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors in the treatment of adult outpatients in a moderate-to-severe depressive episode$$$ Some evidence suggests that medications that modulate both serotonin and norepinephrine may be more effective than selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) in severe major depressive disorder (MDD). This prospective pragmatic trial tests this hypothesis. Patients with severe MDD were randomly assigned to either duloxetine (a serotonin and norepinephrine-reuptake inhibitor) or physicians' choice of four generic SSRIs. Nonblinded, flexibly dosed treatment was used to mimic clinical practice. To address potential investigator bias, the patient-reported Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology Self-Report (QIDS-SR) was used as the primary efficacy outcome measure. A total of 750 outpatients (19.2%, African descent; 14.8%, Hispanic) were randomized. The primary outcome, remission at week 12 by QIDS-SR, was numerically greater for duloxetine compared with SSRIs (36 vs. 32%), but this difference was not statistically significant. Mean changes in secondary outcomes were significantly superior in favor of duloxetine for the Hamilton Depression Scale-17 item, the Brief Pain Inventory, and the Sheehan Disability Scale. Remission superiority on the QIDS-SR was not achieved. Significantly greater benefit for duloxetine compared with SSRIs was demonstrated on measures of pain and functioning. Study demographics suggest a more generalizable racial and ethnic population than is typical in randomized clinical trials. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Adjunctive levetiracetam in children, adolescents, and adults with primary generalized seizures: Open-label, noncomparative, multicenter, long-term follow-up study$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the long-term efficacy and tolerability of adjunctive levetiracetam (LEV) in patients with uncontrolled idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE). Methods: This phase III, open-label, long-term, follow-up study (N167; NCT00150748) enrolled patients (4 to <65 years) with primary generalized seizures (tonic-clonic, myoclonic, absence). Patients received adjunctive LEV at individualized doses (1,000-4,000 mg/day; 20-80 mg/kg/day for children/adolescents weighing <50 kg). Efficacy results are reported for all seizure types [intention-to-treat (ITT) population, N = 217] and subpopulations with tonic-clonic (n = 152), myoclonic (n = 121), and/or absence (n = 70) seizures at baseline. Key Findings: One hundred twenty-five (57.6%) of 217 patients were still receiving treatment at the end of the study. Mean (standard deviation, SD) LEV dose was 2,917.5 (562.9) mg/day. Median (Q1-Q3) exposure to LEV was 2.1 (1.5-2.8) years, and the maximum duration was 4.6 years. Most patients were taking one (124/217, 57.1%) or ≥2 (92/217, 42.4%) concomitant antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Seizure freedom of ≥6 months (all seizure types; primary efficacy end point) was achieved by 122 (56.2%) of 217 patients, and 49 (22.6%) of 217 patients had complete seizure freedom. Seizure freedom of ≥6 months from tonic-clonic, myoclonic, and absence seizures was achieved by 95 (62.5%) of 152, 75 (62.0%) of 121, and 44 (62.9%) of 70 patients, respectively. Mean (SD) maximum seizure freedom duration was 371.7 (352.4) days. At least one treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) was reported by 165 (76%) of 217 patients; most TEAEs were mild/moderate in severity, with no indication of an increased incidence over time. Seventeen (7.8%) of 217 patients discontinued medication because of TEAEs. The most common psychiatric TEAEs were depression (16/217, 7.4%), insomnia (9/217, 4.1%), nervousness (8/217, 3.7%), and anxiety (7/217, 3.2%). Significance: Adjunctive LEV (range 1,000-4,000 mg/day) demonstrated efficacy as a long-term treatment for primary generalized seizures in children, adolescents, and adults with IGE, and was well tolerated. © 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Serotonin 1A receptors, depression, and memory in temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Memory deficits and depression are common in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Previous positron emission tomography (PET) studies have shown reduced mesial temporal 5HT1A-receptor binding in these patients. We examined the relationships among verbal memory performance, depression, and 5HT1A-receptor binding measured with 18F-trans-4-fluoro-N-2-[4- (2-methoxyphenyl)piperazin-1-yl]ethyl-N-(2-pyridyl) cyclohexane carboxamide (18FCWAY) PET in a cross-sectional study. Methods: We studied 40 patients (24 male; mean age 34.5 ± 10.7 years) with TLE. Seizure diagnosis and focus localization were based on ictal video-electroencephalography (EEG) recording. Patients had neuropsychological testing with Wechsler Adult Intelligence Score III (WAIS III) and Wechsler Memory Score III (WMS III) on stable antiepileptic drug (AED) regimens at least 24 h since the last seizure. Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) scores were obtained. We performed interictal PET with 18FCWAY, a fluorinated derivative of WAY 100635, a highly specific 5HT1A ligand, and structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans to estimate partial volume and plasma free fraction corrected 18FCWAY volume of distribution (V/f1). Key Findings: Hippocampal V/f1 was significantly lower in area ipsilateral than contralateral to the epileptic focus (73.7 ± 27.3 vs. 95.4 ± 28.4; p < 0.001). We found a significant relation between both left hippocampal 18FCWAY V/f1 (r = 0.41; p < 0.02) and left hippocampal volume (r = 0.36; p < 0.03) and delayed auditory memory score. On multiple regression, there was a significant effect of the interaction of left hippocampal 18FCWAY V/f1 and left hippocampal volume on delayed auditory memory, but not of either alone. High collinearity was present. In an analysis of variance including the side of the seizure focus, the effect of left hippocampal 18FCWAY V/f1 but not focus laterality retained significance. Mean BDI was 8.3 ± 7.0. There was a significant inverse relation between BDI and 18FCWAY V/f1 ipsilateral to the patient's epileptic focus (r = 0.38 p < 0.02). There was no difference between patients with a right or left temporal focus. There was no relation between BDI and immediate or delayed auditory memory. Significance: Our study suggests that reduced left hippocampal 5HT1A-receptor binding may play a role in memory impairment in patients with TLE. © 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Pre- and postictal, not ictal, heart rate distinguishes complex partial and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) remain poorly understood neurobiologically. Previously reported work suggests that adjunct ictal heart rates (HRs) may differentiate PNES from complex partial seizures (CPS). We retrospectively reviewed and compared preictal, ictal, and postictal HR differences in patients with PNES (n= 42) and CPS controls (n= 46) electively admitted for video/EEG monitoring to further characterize PNES autonomic patterns. Statistically significant preictal HR increases (P= 0.006) and postictal (P= 0.015) HR reductions normalized to baseline were identified in subjects with PNES compared with CPS controls. Ictal HRs were not found to differentiate between PNES and CPS events. This pattern of pre-event HR increases and postevent HR decreases in patients with PNES compared with those with CPS suggests frontolimbic neural circuit dysfunction and merits further exploration. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for depression in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy: A pilot study$$$ Depression has a high prevalence among patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). A pilot study was carried out to evaluate group cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) as a treatment for depression in patients with TLE. Twenty-three outpatients with TLE and major depressive disorder, according to DSM-IV criteria, were enrolled and divided into two groups to receive 16 weekly sessions of CBT. The primary outcome measures were depression severity (assessed with the Beck Depression Inventory) and quality of life (measured with the Quality of Life in Epilepsy-31). Sixteen patients (70%) completed at least 80% of the sessions. From week 8, CBT had a significant positive effect on severity of depression that lasted until the end of treatment. A significant improvement in quality of life was also observed. CBT seems to be a useful intervention for treating depression and improving quality of life in patients with TLE. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Memory deficits and depression in patients with chronic epilepsy$$$ Objective: In this retrospective study, we tested the hypothesis that patients with epilepsy (PWE) with moderate to major depression have more severe memory deficits than PWE with mild depression or no depression. Methods: Hundred and thirty-nine patients with chronic epilepsy were studied with the Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS) and a neuropsychological-screening battery the day after admission on a specialised ward for PWE. For this study the data from the Memo-test for verbal memory and from the Benton-test for non-verbal memory were taken into account. For testing of the hypothesis of independence of memory deficits and grade of depression we performed a statistical analysis. Results: Eighty-three patients (59.7%) had a pathological score in the SDS, but only 36 (25.9%) scored in the range of a moderate to major depression. When all 83 patients with a pathological score in the SDS were taken into account, these patients did not differ on any cognitive measure from those without pathological score in SDS. The only significant association in our study was found between pathological results in immediate verbal recall and a score in the SDS for moderate to major depression (p = 0.038). Conclusion: Minor depressive symptoms may be a response to chronic illness without any impact on cognitive functioning. Nevertheless, a verbal memory deficit associated with major depression was observed in our study even in the presence of many confounding factors. This may be a hint for an association of severe depressive symptoms with left temporal dysfunction in PWE. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Use of modafinil in patients with epilepsy$$$ Fatigue and excessive daytime sleepiness are common symptoms in patients with neurological injury. Modafinil has been shown to ameliorate these symptoms, but its use in patients with seizures has been limited because of safety concerns. Using a large centralized clinical registry, we performed a retrospective chart review of patients with a diagnosis of epilepsy who were given modafinil over a 10-year period. A total of 205 patients were analyzed. There were 91 patients who had seizures while taking modafinil; there was no relationship between modafinil dosage and whether the patient had seizures. There were 6 patients in whom modafinil was discontinued because of concern for seizure exacerbation, and 4 patients had de novo seizures after starting modafinil. In 29 patients with epilepsy only, no major seizure exacerbation was seen. Modafinil is potentially safe in patients with epilepsy, but further prospective studies are needed to fully determine its safety and efficacy. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Association Between Epilepsy and Erectile Dysfunction: Evidence from a Population-Based Study$$$ Introduction. Although the association between epilepsy and sexual disorders has long been known, very few studies have attempted to explore the association between epilepsy and erectile dysfunction (ED). Aim. This population-based case-control study aimed to investigate the association between ED and a prior diagnosis with epilepsy. Methods. This study used data from the Longitudinal Health Insurance Database 2000 in Taiwan. The cases comprised 6,427 patients with a diagnosis of ED and 32,135 controls who were frequency matched with cases based on 10-year age groups and index year. Conditional logistic regression was used to calculate the odds ratios (ORs) for prior epilepsy. Main Outcome Measure. The prevalence and risk of epilepsy between cases and controls. Results. Of the sampled patients, 3,861 (14%) were diagnosed before the index date: 1,358 individuals (19.7%) were cases and 2,503 (12.1%) were controls. After adjusting for hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, renal disease, coronary heart disease, obesity, alcohol abuse/alcohol dependence syndrome, and socioeconomic status, conditional logistic regression analysis revealed that patients with ED were more likely to have been diagnosed with prior epilepsy than controls (OR=1.83, 95% CI=1.51-2.21). Compared with controls, the adjusted ORs for prior generalized epilepsy and partial epilepsy for cases were 2.13 (95% CI=1.52-3.00) and 1.64 (95% CI=1.31-2.06), respectively. The most pronounced associations were detected in ED cases aged between 30 and 39 who were 3.04 (95% CI=1.67-5.50) times more likely than controls to have been previously diagnosed with epilepsy. Conclusions. Our findings suggest a positive correlation between ED and a prior diagnosis with epilepsy. © 2012 International Society for Sexual Medicine. ER  - 
The clinical presentation and imaging manifestation of psychosis and dementia in general paresis: A retrospective study of 116 cases$$$ In recent years, occurrence of "general paresis (GP)" has increased significantly because of the increasing incidence of syphilis in China. Early diagnosis plays a very important role for effective treatment. Incidence is becoming extensive enough to warrant an updated investigation of the clinical characteristics of GP. The authors retrospectively reviewed 116 cases of GP in Guangzhou, China, and analyzed its incidence and clinical appearance, as well as the characteristics ofEEG, neuroradiology, serum, and cerebrospinal fluid examinations. Of the 116 GP patients, clinical symptoms presented frequently on admission were a variety of psychiatric-behavioral symptoms and varying degrees of dementia. Positive sucking reflex was the most common sign, as well as hyperreflexia and Argyll-Robertson pupil. EEG data mainly showed slightly abnormal EEG activity, with increased δ waves. Focal atrophy in one or multiple cerebral regions was evident on neuroimage. The prevalence of GP extends to various social strata or classes, with clinical presentation varying considerably among patients. For patients with progressive cognitive and behavioral deterioration, accompanied with psychotic and/or affective behavioral disorders or cerebral atrophy of unknown cause, general paresis should be considered. © 2011 American Psychiatric Association. ER  - 
Patient characteristics, comorbidities, and medication use for children with ADHD with and without a co-occurring reading disorder: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often have a co-occurring reading disorder (RD). The purpose of this research was to assess differences between children with ADHD without RD (ADHD-only) and those with ADHD and co-occurring RD (ADHD+RD).Methods: Using data from the U.S. Thomson Reuter Marketscan® Databases for the years 2005 through 2007, this analysis compared the medical records--including patient demographics, comorbidities, and medication use--of children (age < 18) with ADHD-only to those with ADHD+RD.Results: Patients with ADHD+RD were significantly younger, more likely to have received a procedure code associated with formal psychological or non-psychological testing, and more likely to have been diagnosed with comorbid bipolar disorder, conduct disorder, or depression. They were no more likely to have received an antidepressant, anti-manic (bipolar), or antipsychotic, and were significantly less likely to have received a prescription for a stimulant medication.Conclusions: Relying on a claims database, there appear to be differences in the patient characteristics, comorbidities, and medication use when comparing children with ADHD-only to those with ADHD+RD. © 2011 Classi et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Vigabatrin therapy for refractory complex partial seizures: Review of clinical trial experience in the United States$$$ Vigabatrin is an antiepileptic drug used in more than 50 countries as adjunctive therapy for the treatment of refractory complex partial seizures (rCPS) in adults. First approved in the United Kingdom in 1989, vigabatrin was approved for use in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration in 2009. Although most clinical trials of vigabatrin have been conducted in Europe, three major trials, including two pivotal trials, were conducted in the United States. These trials have demonstrated efficacy and tolerability findings similar to those observed from the European trials. Results of the US trials have demonstrated vigabatrin to be an effective and generally well-tolerated therapy for rCPS in adults, with an optimal dosage of 3g/day for most patients, and an onset of response generally within 2weeks. This review focuses on the design and results of the three major US trials of vigabatrin in adults with rCPS. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Understanding and interpreting vision safety issues with vigabatrin therapy$$$ Vigabatrin is an irreversible inhibitor of γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) transaminase. It is effective as adjunctive therapy for adult patients with refractory complex partial seizures (rCPS) who have inadequately responded to several alternative treatments and as monotherapy for children aged 1month to 2years with infantile spasms. The well-documented safety profile of vigabatrin includes risk of retinopathy characterized by irreversible, bilateral, concentric peripheral visual field constriction. Thus, monitoring of visual function to understand the occurrence and manage the potential consequences of peripheral visual field defects (pVFDs) is now required for all patients who receive vigabatrin. However, screening for pVFDs for patients with epilepsy was conducted only after the association between vigabatrin and pVFDs was established. We examined the potential association between pVFDs and epilepsy in vigabatrin-naïve patients and attempted to identify confounding factors (e.g., concomitant medications, method of vision assessment) to more accurately delineate the prevalence of pVFDs directly associated with vigabatrin. Results of a prospective cohort study as well as several case series and case reports suggest that bilateral visual field constriction is not restricted to patients exposed to vigabatrin but has also been detected, although much less frequently, in vigabatrin-naïve patients with epilepsy, including those who received treatment with other GABAergic antiepileptic therapy. We also reviewed published data suggesting an association between vigabatrin-associated retinal toxicity and taurine deficiency, as well as the potential role of taurine in the prevention of this retinopathy. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Juvenile lupus erythematosus: Fourteen years of experience$$$ Objectives: This study aims to describe the main clinical and laboratory features as well as the morbidity and mortality of juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus (JSLE) in Turkish children. Patients and methods: Thirty children (27 girls, 3 boys; mean age at diagnosis 12.3 years; range 3 to 16 years) with JSLE were evaluated retrospectively. All patients met the 1982 American College of Rheumatology revised criteria for the diagnosis of SLE and had shown clinical manifestations of the disease before the age of 16. Results: The mean period of follow-up was 2.9 years (range 2 months-10 years) and the mean duration of symptoms before diagnosis was 3.3 months (range 2 days-2 years). The frequencies of the clinical and laboratory features of the patients were as follows: erythematous malar rash was seen in 17 (56%), discoid rash in one, photosensitivity in 16 (53.3%), oral ulcers in eight (26.7%), musculoskeletal involvement in 26 (87%), serositis in 13 (43%), hematological abnormalities in 21 (70%), renal involvement in 17 (56%), antinuclear-ant ibo d y p osi ti vit y in 27 (93%), pul monar y invol vem e nt in eight (27%), cardiovascular disease in seven (23%), and central nervous system involvement in seven patients (23%). During the follow-up four patients (13%) died, three of renal failure and one from sepsis. During the study two patients were in remission without treatment and 22 patients were in remission with treatment. Two patients were lost to follow-up. Conclusion: Juvenile systemic lupus erythemathosus is a serious multisystem organ disease. Although JSLE has a high remission rate with early diagnosis and treatment, it still has a significant mortality rate. © 2011 Turkish League Against Rheumatism. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pre-surgical mood predicts memory decline after anterior temporal lobe resection for epilepsy$$$ This study examined pre-surgical depressed mood as a predictor of post-surgical memory change in adults who underwent temporal lobe resections (TLRs; n = 211). Patients completed the Wechsler Memory Scale-III and Beck Depression Inventory-Second Edition (BDI-II) before and after TLR (left = 110, right = 101) and were divided into two groups (clinically elevated depressive symptoms or not depressed) based on BDI-II score. Left-TLR patients with poorer pre-surgical mood had greater verbal memory declines after surgery compared with nondepressed left- or right-TLR patients and right-TLR patients with poor mood. Further, pre-surgical BDI-II score demonstrated incremental validity in predicting post-surgical memory change in left-TLR patients beyond pre-surgical memory scores. Differences in seizure outcome and post-surgical mood change could not account for memory decline. Results suggest that elevated pre-surgical depressive symptomatology is a risk factor for post-surgical memory decline and indicate that mood should be considered when advising patients about cognitive risks associated with temporal lobectomy. Results are discussed in terms of poor pre-surgical mood as an indicator of reduced cognitive reserve. © The Author 2011. Published by Oxford University Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pontine tegmental cap dysplasia: The neurotologic perspective$$$ Objectives. Pontine tegmental cap dysplasia (PTCD) is a rare congenital malformation. Clinical and imaging findings in 3 patients and the authors' experience with bilateral cochlear implantation in 1 patient are described. Study Design. Retrospective review. Setting. Two tertiary medical centers. Subjects and Methods. Three patients were evaluated by an otolaryngologist and underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the temporal bones and brain. High-resolution computed tomography (CT) scanning of the temporal bones was performed in 2 patients. Imaging findings of the brain, the presence and course of resolvable cranial nerves, the membranous labyrinth, and internal auditory canals were reviewed. Clinical data were reviewed. Results. All patients demonstrated typical brain characteristics of PTCD. Mild, bilateral cochlear dysplasia was noted in 2, and all had a normal vestibular labyrinth. The cochleovestibular nerves were universally absent bilaterally. The facial nerves were subjectively deficient bilaterally in 1 patient, unilaterally in the second patient, and normal in the third. An accessory canal for the seventh cranial nerve, referred to as a duplicated internal auditory canal, was present in all patients. Auditory brainstem response testing revealed profound bilateral sensorineural hearing loss in all of the patients; none suffered facial weakness. A single patient underwent bilateral cochlear implantation with only minimal response. Conclusion. The authors report 3 cases of PTCD with emphasis on imaging of the seventh and eighth cranial nerves and clinical neurotologic findings. All patients manifested duplicated internal auditory canals, a previously unreported finding in PTCD. Bilateral profound sensorineural hearing loss is due to absence of the cochleovestibular nerve. Prognosis for cochlear implantation is poor. © American Academy of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery Foundation 2011. ER  - 
Surgical treatment and outcome of 195 cases of non acute subdural haematoma at the Yaoundé Central Hospital: The need for landmarked burr holes$$$ Background Chronic subdural hematoma (CSDH) is frequent neurosurgical pathology but many issues related to the surgical procedure are still discussed. Objective To present our experience in the treatment of Non Acute Subdural Hematoma (NASH). Methodology This retrospective study included patients operated for NASH at the Yaoundé Central Hospital from January 2000 to September 2008. Surgery consisted of one burr hole (92.4%), 2 burr holes (3.6%), trephine or craniotomy (4%). All patients underwent per operative irrigation, a 48 hour-postoperative drainage and supine position. The burr hole was performed at the thickest point of the hematoma which in most cases corresponded to the intersection between the superior temporal line and the coronal suture. Results One hundred and ninety five consecutive patients were included: 155 males and 40 females. The mean age was 55 years. The past medical history revealed head injury (81.5%), alcoholism (12.9%), epilepsy (4.1%) or anticoagulation therapy (1.5%). The collection was unilateral (72.8%), bilateral (26.7%) or interhemispheric (1 case). On CT scan, the lesion was hypodense (79.9%), isodense (17.4%) or mixed (2.7%). The mortality rate was 2.5% while the recurrence rate was 3.7% after a 6 to 9 months follow-up period. The main recurrence factor was the inappropriate location of the burr hole. Conclusion One burr hole drainage is an effective and safe method for the treatment of NASH. The location of the burr hole is an important factor of recurrence. There is a need for Landmarked burr holes. © 2002-2012 African Journal of Neurological Sciences. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The child and adolescent twin study in Sweden (CATSS)$$$ The Child and Adolescent Twin Study in Sweden (CATSS) is an ongoing longitudinal twin study targeting all twins born in Sweden since July 1, 1992. Since 2004, parents of twins are interviewed regarding the children's somatic and mental health and social environment in connection with their 9th or 12th birthdays (CATSS-9/12). By January 2010, 8,610 parental interviews concerning 17,220 twins had been completed, with an overall response rate of 80%. At age 15 (CATSS-15) and 18 (CATSS-18), twins and parents complete questionnaires that, in addition to assessments of somatic and mental health, include measures of personality development and psychosocial adaptation. Twin pairs in CATSS-9/12 with one or both twins screening positive for autism spectrum disorders, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, tic disorders, developmental coordination disorder, learning disorders, oppositional defiant disorder, conduct disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and/or eating problems have been followed with in-depth questionnaires on family, social environment and personality, and subsequently by clinical assessments at age 15 together with randomly selected population controls, including 195 clinically assessed twin pairs from the first 2 year cohorts (CATSS-15/DOGSS). This article describes the cohorts and study groups, data collection, and measures used. Prevalences, distributions, heritability estimates, ages at onset, and sex differences of mental health problems in the CATSS-9/12, that were analyzed and found to be overall comparable to those of other clinical and epidemiological studies. The CATSS study has the potential of answering important questions on the etiology of childhood mental health problems and their role in the development of later adjustment problems. © 2011 Cambridge University Press. ER  - 
Clinically favourable effects of ketamine as an anaesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy: A retrospective study$$$ In a retrospective chart review, we examined the effects of ketamine, an N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist, as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) anaesthetic in patients suffering from therapy-resistant depression. We included 42 patients who received ECT treatment with either ketamine (n = 16) or the barbiturate thiopental (n = 26). We analysed the number of sessions until completion of ECT treatment (used as a surrogate parameter for outcome), psychopathology as assessed by pre- and post-ECT Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) scores as well as ECT and seizure parameters (stimulation dose, seizure duration and concordance, urapidil dosage for post-seizure blood pressure management). The ketamine group needed significantly fewer ECT sessions and had significantly lower HAM-D and higher MMSE scores afterwards. As expected, the ketamine group needed more urapidil for blood pressure control. Taking into account the limits inherent in a retrospective study design and the rather small sample size, our results nonetheless point towards synergistic effects of ECT and ketamine anaesthesia, less cognitive side effects and good tolerability of ketamine. © 2011 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Blood pressure and heart rate effects, weight loss and maintenance during long-term phentermine pharmacotherapy for obesity$$$ There is a perception that phentermine pharmacotherapy for obesity increases blood pressure and heart rate (HR), exposing treated patients to increased cardiovascular risk. We collected data from phentermine-treated (PT) and phentermine-untreated (P0) patients at a private weight management practice, to examine blood pressure, HR, and weight changes. Records of 300 sequential returning patients were selected who had been treated with a low-carbohydrate ketogenic diet if their records included complete weight, blood pressure, and HR data from seven office examinations during the first 12 weeks of therapy. The mean time in therapy, time range, and mode was 92 (97.0), 12-624, and 52 weeks. 14% were normotensive, 52% were prehypertensive, and 34% were hypertensive at their first visit or had a previous diagnosis of hypertension. PT subjects systolic blood pressure/diastolic blood pressure (SBP/DBP) declined from baseline at all data points (SBP/DBP 6.9/5.0 mmHg at 26, and 7.3/5.4 at 52 weeks). P0 subjects' declines of SBP/DBP at both 26 and 52 weeks were 8.9/6.3 but the difference from the treated cohort was not significant. HR changes in treated/untreated subjects at weeks 26 (0.9/3.5) and 52 (1.2/3.6) were not significant. Weight loss was significantly greater in the PT cohort for week 1 through 104 (P = 0.0144). These data suggest phentermine treatment for obesity does not result in increased SBP, DBP, or HR, and that weight loss assisted with phentermine treatment is associated with favorable shifts in categorical blood pressure and retardation of progression to hypertension in obese patients. © 2011 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Regression of recurrent malignant gliomas with convection-enhanced delivery of topotecan$$$ BACKGROUND: Convection-enhanced delivery of chemotherapeutics for the treatment of malignant glioma is a technique that delivers drugs directly into a tumor and the surrounding interstitium through continuous, low-grade positive-pressure infusion. This allows high local concentrations of drug while overcoming the limitations imposed by toxicity and the blood-brain barrier in systemic therapies that prevent the use of many potentially effective drugs. OBJECTIVE: To examine the safety profile of a conventional chemotherapeutic agent, topotecan, via convection-enhanced delivery in the treatment of recurrent malignant gliomas and secondarily to assess radiographic response and survival. METHODS: We performed a prospective, dose-escalation phase Ib study of the topoisomerase-I inhibitor topotecan given by convection-enhanced delivery in patients with recurrent malignant gliomas. RESULTS: Significant antitumor activity as described by radiographic changes and prolonged overall survival with minimal drug-associated toxicity was demonstrated. A maximum tolerated dose was established for future phase II studies. CONCLUSION: Topotecan by convection-enhanced delivery has significant antitumor activity at concentrations that are nontoxic to normal brain. The potential for use of this therapy as a generally effective treatment option for malignant gliomas will be tested in subsequent phase II and III trials. Copyright © 2011 by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons. ER  - 
Risk factors of tissue-expansion failure in burn-scar reconstruction$$$ Background: Tissue expansion has become invaluable for burn-scar reconstruction. However, its use is hindered by the complications that often result in expansion failure. This study attempts to identify the risk factors of expansion failure in burn patients, as such factors have not been clearly defined. Methods: This study included 62 tissue expansions in 37 burn patients from January 2001 to June 2009. Factors including patient's age, sex, co-morbidities, expander size, implantation site, volume injected at implantation, preinflation volume ratio (PVR = volume injected at implantation/expander size), final inflation volume ratio (FIVR = cumulative volume injected at completion of expansion/expander size) and expansion duration were analysed. Cases were allocated into success (n = 53) and failure (n = 9) groups. Logistic regression was used in multivariate analysis for identifying predictors of expansion failure. Results: The mean age of the patients was 29.6 years. The male to female ratio was 1:1.4. Expansion complication and failure rates were 53% (n = 33) and 14.5% (n = 9), respectively. The risk factors statistically correlated to expansion failure (p < 0.05) were age, expander size, PVR and implantation at lower limb. Expansion of lower limbs carried a risk of failure 43 times greater than other sites. Conclusion: We conclude that tissue expansion should be avoided in older patients and in lower limbs. The largest possible expander size and inflation at time of implantation should be used to lower the risk of expansion failure. © 2011 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons. ER  - 
Effect of corpus callosotomy on attention deficit and behavioral problems in pediatric patients with intractable epilepsy$$$ To evaluate the effect of corpus callosotomy (CC) on attention deficit and behavioral problems in pediatric patients with intractable epilepsy, we retrospectively investigated sequential patients who had undergone CC to control seizures. Between August 2005 and April 2010, a total of 15 patients aged between 3.1 and 17.9 years underwent CC at our institute. All the patients experienced either drop attacks or head nodding, which were considered to be therapeutic targets of CC. A standardized instrument, the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL), was used to assess behavioral and emotional problems before and after surgery. On postoperative EEGs, 8 (53%) showed improvement and 7 (47%) showed no change in epileptiform discharges. The Attention Problems scale and total score on the CBCL significantly improved in patients whose postoperative EEGs showed improvement. In addition to amelioration of target seizures, CC can improve attention impairments in association with improvement in the postoperative EEG. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
A Multi-modal investigation of treatment response associated with electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder$$$ Background: A thorough understanding of the neural correlates associated with treatment response with ECT will have profound impact on safer, less-invasive neuromodulation treatments for major depression. Previous longitudinal studies with positron emission tomography (PET) and single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) have had discrepant results showing both increased and decreased cerebral metabolism. We propose to use the superior temporal resolution of magnetoencephalography (MEG) and the superior spatial resolution of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to further elucidate the neural correlates of treatment response in major depressive disorder. This will be the first longitudinal study of ECT with fMRI and MEG. For this abstract, we used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and independent component analysis (ICA) to assess changes in the temporal dependencies between independent neural components (functional network connectivity) associated with electroconvulsive therapy. Methods: Ten patients with major depressive disorder (mean age: 67.4 years; range: 50 to 82 years) completed at least one scan and assessment of study protocol. Depression severity was assessed with the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression - 24 item (HRSD-24), Thase Core Endogenomorphic Scale, and the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS). Subjects received between 8 and 19 treatments of twice or thrice weekly bitemporal or right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (stimulus delivery determined by titration of seizure threshold). Clinical response determined the number of treatments. All subjects were concurrently treated with antidepressant medications. Neuropsychological assessment was completed with the Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS), Trails A and B, CLOX I and II, and the Grooved Pegboard Test. The post-scan imaging data was completed X5 days after the last ECT treatment to mitigate the immediate effects of seizure activity on the imaging data. Functional magnetic resonance imaging parameters were as follows: FOV 24 cm, matrix size 64x64, TR/TE = 2000/30 msec, and slice thickness 3.5 mm. FMRI data was preprocessed with SPM5 and INRIalign. Group ICA fMRI Toolbox (http://icatb.sourceforge. net) analyzed the preprocessed data with higher model order (second data reduction step with 75 components). The Functional Network Connectivity Toolbox assessed the correlations between 16 non-artifactual independent components with a lag correlation. Results: At the present time, five subjects completed the fMRI study protocol before and after the ECT series. These subjects had a reduction in symptom severity as measured by the HRSD-24 (t = 3.8, p = 0.03) and Thase Core Endogenomorphic Scale (t = 6.1, p = 0.009). Despite the complaint of cognitive impairment in two of the five subjects, changes in neuropsychological functioning were not significant (p X 0.15 on all cognitive domains of the RBANS, Trails, and Grooved Pegboard). Functional network connectivity revealed significant (uncorrected) changes between two pairs of independent components (named after anatomic area associated with maximal t-score): component 8 (lingual gyrus, Brodmann Areas 18, 19) and component 46 (superior temporal gyrus, BA 12, 21) (p = 0.02); component 4 (culmen) and component 47 (inferior frontal gyrus, BA 47) (p = 0.003). The between network correlations were negative or weakly correlated prior to ECT and positively correlated after ECT. A qualitative review of long-term follow-up (4 1 month after last treatment) indicated that a sustained treatment response appeared to be associated with the degree of change between networks. Discussion: These preliminary results are presented in the context of ongoing patient recruitment of patients with major depression receiving electroconvulsive therapy. The current, preliminary results suggest that treatment response during electroconvulsive therapy is associated with increased temporal dependencies between specific pairs of networks in individuals with major depression. Future work will include in age-matched sample of healthy comparisons to assess whether these changes between networks are associated with normalization of temporal dependencies. Furthermore, this study will utilize the superior temporal resolution of magnetoencephalography to elucidate the neuropathological correlates of treatment resistant depression and electroconvulsive therapy treatment response. ER  - 
Frequency, clinical associations, and longitudinal course of major depressive disorder in adults with cerebral glioma$$$ Purpose: There is a need for high-quality evidence regarding the frequency, independent clinical associations, and longitudinal course of depression in patients with cerebral glioma. Patients and Methods: This was a twin-center, prospective, observational cohort study with 6-month follow-up. Consenting adults with a new diagnosis of cerebral glioma received the Structured Clinical Interview for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition to diagnose major depressive disorder (MDD). Interviews occurred shortly after the start of radiotherapy (T1), with follow-up interviews 3 months later (T2) and 6 months later (T3). Independent associations between MDD and clinical variables were analyzed using logistic regression. Results: One hundred fifty-five patients participated. The frequency of MDD was 13.5% ± 5.4% at T1 (n = 155); 14.8% ± 6.7% at T2 (n = 108); and 6.8% ± 5.3% at T3 (n = 88). Overall, 32 individuals were diagnosed with MDD during the study period (20.6% ± 6.4%). Inter-rater diagnostic agreement for MDD was good (κ = 0.81; 95% CI, 0.60 to 1.00). Independent predictors of MDD were functional impairment (odds ratio, 3.9; 95% CI, 1.5 to 10.8) and a previous history of depression (odds ratio, 2.7; 95% CI, 0.99 to 7.3). MDD persisted for at least 3 months in half of the patients with adequate follow-up, but many depressed patients also dropped out of the study as a result of clinical deterioration. Conclusion: In this longitudinal study, one in five patients with glioma developed clinical depression in the 6 months after starting radiotherapy. Patients with functional impairment or previous depression were at higher risk. MDD often persisted for at least 3 months. Clinicians should seek and treat depression in adults with glioma. © 2011 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Krabbe leukodystrophy in a selected population with high rate of late onset forms: Longer survival linked to c.121G>A (p.Gly41Ser) mutation$$$ Krabbe leukodystrophy (KD) is a neurodegenerative lysosomal disorder caused by mutations in the galactocerebrosidase (GALC) gene. Different clinical forms are described based on the age at onset. In reported series, the early infantile form (EIKD) accounts for more than 90% of the cases. The rarer late onset forms (LOKD) become manifest later than 6 months up to the adult age. We report clinical, imaging, mutational analysis and geographic data in a large cohort of individuals with Krabbe disease examined over a 30-year period. Retrospective analyses of disease onset and long-term follow-up were conducted in 26 KD patients. Molecular analysis was performed in 12 patients and their families. Nine cases had EIKD, and 17 LOKD, accounting for two thirds of our series. No correlation was found between enzymatic activity, onset age and disease progression. Despite common geographical origin, only in a few cases could parental consanguinity be proven. The p.Gly41Ser mutation was associated with longer survival. A wide spectrum of LOKD is found despite similar genotype. Although current knowledge about onset age, residual enzyme activity and molecular analysis still fail to allow the identification of patient candidates for treatment, this information is valuable for long-term outcome prediction and could lead to reconsideration of inclusion criteria for bone marrow transplant (BMT) or other future therapeutic approaches. © 2010 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Psychodermatological disorders: Recognition and treatment$$$ Many dermatological disorders have a psychosomatic or behavioral aspect. Skin and brain continually interact through psychoneuroimmunoendocrine mechanisms and through behaviors that can strongly affect the initiation or flaring of skin disorders. It is important to consider these mind-body interactions when planning treatments for specific skin disorders in individual patients. Mind-influencing therapeutic options that can enhance treatment of skin disorders include standard psychotropic drugs, alternative herbs and supplements, the placebo effect, suggestion, cognitive-behavioral methods, biofeedback, and hypnosis. When individual measures do not produce the desired results, combinations of drugs or addition of non-drug therapies may be more successful. Psychophysiological skin disorders may respond well to non-drug and drug therapies that counteract stress. Treatment of primary psychiatric disorders often results in improvement of associated skin disorders. Psychiatric disorders secondary to skin disorders may also require treatment. Therapeutic options for each of these are discussed. © 2011 The International Society of Dermatology. ER  - 
Long-term treatment with sildenafil citrate in pulmonary arterial hypertension: The SUPER-2 study$$$ Background: The long-term safety and tolerability of sildenafil treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) were assessed. Methods: Two hundred fifty-nine of 277 randomized and treated patients completed a 12-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (SUPER-1 [Sildenafil Use in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension]) of oral sildenafil in treatment-naive patients with PAH (96% functional class II/III) and entered an open-label uncontrolled extension study (SUPER-2) that continued until the last patient completed 3 years of sildenafil treatment. Patients titrated to sildenafil 80 mg tid; one dose reduction for tolerability was allowed during the titration phase. Results: The median duration of sildenafil treatment across SUPER-1 and SUPER-2 was 1,242 days (range, 1-1,523 days); 170 patients (61%) completed both studies, and 89 patients discontinued from SUPER-2. After 3 years, 87% of 183 patients on treatment were receiving sildenafil 80 mg tid. Of patients remaining under follow-up, 3%, 10%, and 18% were receiving a second approved PAH therapy at 1, 2, and 3 years, respectively. At 3 years post-SUPER-1 baseline, 127 patients had an increased 6-min walk distance (6MWD); 81 improved and 86 maintained functional class. Most adverse events were of mild or moderate severity. At 3 years, 53 patients had died (censored, n 5 37). Three-year estimated survival rate was 79%; if all censored patients were assumed to have died, 3-year survival rate was 68%. No deaths were considered to be treatment related. Conclusions: Long-term treatment of PAH initiated as sildenafil monotherapy was generally well tolerated. After 3 years, the majority of patients (60%) who entered the SUPER-1 trial improved or maintained their functional status, and 46% maintained or improved 6MWD. Trial registry: ClinicalTrials.gov; No.: NCT00159887; URL: www.clinicaltrials.gov. © 2011 American College of Chest Physicians. ER  - 
The cognitive impact of antiepileptic drugs$$$ Effective treatment of epilepsy depends on medication compliance across a lifetime, and studies indicate that drug tolerability is a significant limiting factor in medication maintenance. Available antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have the potential to exert detrimental effects on cognitive function and therefore compromise patient wellbeing. On the other hand, some agents may serve to enhance cognitive function. In this review paper, we highlight the range of effects on cognition linked to a variety of newer and older AEDs, encompassing key alterations in both specific executive abilities and broader neuropsychological functions. Importantly, the data reviewed suggest that the effects exerted by an AED could vary depending on both patient characteristics and drug-related variables. However, there are considerable difficulties in evaluating the available evidence. Many studies have failed to investigate the influence of patient and treatment variables on cognitive functioning. Other difficulties include variation across studies in relation to design, treatment group and assessment tools, poor reporting of methodology and poor specification of the cognitive abilities assessed. Focused and rigorous experimental designs including a range of cognitive measures assessing more precisely defined abilities are needed to fill the gaps in our knowledge and follow up reported patterns in the literature. Longitudinal studies are needed to improve our understanding of the influence of factors such as age, tolerance and the stability of cognitive effects. Future trials comparing the effects of commonly prescribed agents across patient subgroups will offer critical insight into the role of patient characteristics in determining the cognitive impact of particular AEDs. © SAGE Publications 2011. ER  - 
Levetiracetam reduces the frequency of interictal epileptiform discharges during NREM sleep in children with ADHD$$$ Background: Symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are more common in children with epilepsy than in the general paediatric population. Epileptiform discharges in EEG may be seen in children with ADHD also in those without seizure disorders. Sleep enhances these discharges which may be suppressed by levetiracetam. Aim: To assess the effect of levetiracetam on focal epileptiform discharges during sleep in children with ADHD. Method: In this retrospective study a new semi-automatic quantitative method based on the calculation of spike index in 24-h ambulatory EEG recordings was applied. Thirty-five ADHD children, 17 with focal epilepsy, one with generalised epilepsy, and 17 with no seizure disorder were evaluated. Follow-up 24-h EEG recordings were performed after a median time of four months. Results: Mean spike index was 50 prior to levetiracetam treatment and 21 during treatment. Seventeen children had no focal interictal epileptiform discharges in EEG at follow-up. Five children had a more than 50% reduction in spike index. Thus, a more than 50% reduction in spike index was found in 22/35 children (63%). Out of these an improved behaviour was noticed in 13 children (59%). Conclusion: This study shows that treatment with levetiracetam reduces interictal epileptiform discharges in children with ADHD. There is a complex relationship between epilepsy, ADHD and epileptiform activity, why it is a need for prospective studies in larger sample sizes, also to ascertain clinical benefits. © 2011 European Paediatric Neurology Society. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Use and costs of concomitant medicines in epileptic patients in Poland: A 12-month prospective multicentre study$$$ Purpose: Use of concomitant medicines (CMs) is a common practice in people with epilepsy, as comorbidity in this group is frequent. Comedication, especially if it is self-administered, may pose significant hazards due to potential interactions. Some attention has been given to use of CMs in older patients with epilepsy but the CM habits of younger patients are much less known. The purpose of this study was to determine annual frequency of use, kind and cost of CMs in patients with epilepsy. Material and methods: The 12-month prospective multicentre study included 772 patients with a mean age of 27.4 yrs and a mean epilepsy duration of 12.5 yrs. Data on patient characteristics and treatment were collected during consecutive five visits. All CMs were classified according to the ATC system. Results: Of the 772 patients, 472 (61.1%) used at least one CM (3.4 drug/patient). OTC drugs constituted nearly 2/3 of all CMs. More women then men took CMs (p < 0.002). The patients taking CMs were significantly older, had longer duration of epilepsy, more frequent comorbidities, and more seizures than patients not receiving any CM. Alimentary tract and metabolism drugs (28.9%), nervous system drugs (19.8%) and cardiovascular system drugs (11%) were the ones most commonly used. The annual cost of CMs was 76011.9 PPP (mean cost/patient - 161.0 PPP). Conclusions: The results confirm that patients with epilepsy, regardless of age, take commonly CMs. Physicians should be more aware of this practice. © 2011 British Epilepsy Association. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term outcome of 32 patients with chorea and systemic lupus erythematosus or antiphospholipid antibodies$$$ The aim of this work was to describe chorea during systemic lupus erythematosus or antiphospholipid antibodies and its long-term outcome. Methods:: We retrospectively analyzed clinical features, laboratory findings, imaging characteristics, and outcome in a series of 32 patients. Results:: Most patients were women (28 of 32), and mean age at onset of chorea was 20.6 (9-62) years. Chorea was inaugural for 28 patients. Improvement was observed with various treatments. During follow-up (12.2 ± 11.3 years), severe manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus were rare. Antiphospholipid antibodies were repeatedly positive for 90% of the patients. Twelve patients developed arterial thrombosis. Prophylactic treatment with antithrombotic therapy might reduce the risk of further thrombosis (8% versus 57%; P = 0.01). Cardiac valvulopathy occurred in 22 patients during follow-up. Chorea relapsed in 8 cases. Conclusions:: Chorea had a good outcome in itself. This long-term follow-up shows, for the first time, that these patients have substantial risk for further arterial thrombosis. © 2011 Movement Disorder Society. ER  - 
Trigeminal nerve stimulation in major depressive disorder: First proof of concept in an open pilot trial$$$ Modulation of brain activity via trigeminal nerve stimulation is an emerging therapy in drug-resistant epilepsy. This cranial nerve also projects to structures implicated in depression (such as the nucleus tractus solitarius and locus coeruleus). We examined the effects of external trigeminal nerve stimulation in major depressive disorder as an adjunct to pharmacotherapy. Five adults (mean age 49.6, SD 10.9, three females and two males) participated in an 8-week open-label outpatient trial; all had persistent symptoms despite adequate pharmacotherapy, with a mean score on the 28-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale of 25.4 (SD=3.9) at entry. Nightly stimulation over the V1 branch was well tolerated. Both the clinician-rated 28-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (P=0.006) and the self-rated Beck Depression Inventory (P=0.0004) detected significant symptomatic improvement. This novel neuromodulation approach may have use as an adjunct to pharmacotherapy in major depressive disorder. Additional larger trials are needed to delineate efficacy and tolerability with greater reliability. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Predictors of clozapine discontinuation in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Clozapine has superior efficacy for treating patients with schizophrenia. Its discontinuation could have detrimental consequences. We attempted to identify the clinical parameters that could predict clozapine discontinuation in patients diagnosed as having schizophrenia by conducting a retrospective analysis of all of those who started on clozapine treatment during their hospitalization in our institution between 2002 and 2008 (n=100). Demographic and clinical parameters were analyzed and compared between the 58 patients who continued and the 42 who discontinued clozapine treatment during a follow-up period of 8.1 years. Twenty of the latter patients (47.6%) discontinued clozapine because of nonadherence and 11 (26.2%) because of side effects. Thirty-three of them (78.6%) stopped taking clozapine during the first year of treatment. The duration of clozapine use correlated significantly with the time to readmission (P<0.001). The decrease in number of suicide attempts was higher in those who continued clozapine treatment compared with those who discontinued it (P=0.02). Predictors for drug discontinuation were old age at clozapine initiation and comorbid substance abuse. These findings indicate that patients with schizophrenia with those risk factors need special incentives to be compliant during the first year of clozapine treatment to minimize the negative sequelae of clozapine discontinuation. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Obsessive-compulsive disorder in chronic epilepsy$$$ There is a long-recognized association between obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and chronic epilepsy, most notably refractory temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). The literature documents this association with case reports, patient series, and some larger controlled studies that reveal that almost a quarter of patients with TLE exhibit OCD features, which may go unrecognized. Obsession features with ordering, symmetry, exactness, handwashing, and religiosity occur more often in persons with right- or left-sided epileptic foci than in those with idiopathic generalized epilepsies or controls. Neurobiological and social factors suggest abnormalities of the frontal-thalamic-pallidal-striatal-anterior cingulate-frontal circuits stemming from the observation that certain diseases, damage, or surgery along these circuits may produce or, conversely, reduce OCD in TLE. This review explores the literature on case reports, case series, and larger retrospective controlled studies and looks at the associations of epilepsy with OCD. Contemporary speculation on the theoretical neurobiological underpinnings provides some basis on how and where to direct treatment. Invasive deep brain stimulation has triggered recent controversy on newer treatment modalities. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Bidirectional relation between schizophrenia and epilepsy: A population-based retrospective cohort study$$$ Purpose: Schizophrenia and epilepsy may share a mutual susceptibility. This study examined the bidirectional relation between the two disorders. Methods: We used claims data obtained from the Taiwan National Health Insurance database to conduct retrospective cohort analyses. Analysis 1 compared 5,195 patients with incident schizophrenia diagnosed in 1999-2008 with 20,776 controls without the disease randomly selected during the same period, frequency matched with sex and age. Analysis 2 comprised a similar method to compare 11,527 patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy with 46,032 randomly selected sex- and age-matched controls. At the end of 2008, analysis 1 measured the incidence and risk of developing epilepsy and analysis 2 measured the incidence and risk of developing schizophrenia. Key Findings: In analysis 1, the incidence of epilepsy was higher in the schizophrenia cohort than in the nonschizophrenia cohort (6.99 vs. 1.19 per 1,000 person-years) with an adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) of 5.88 [95% confidence interval (CI) 4.71-7.36] for schizophrenia patients. In analysis 2, the incidence of schizophrenia was higher in the epilepsy cohort than in the nonepilepsy comparison cohort (3.53 vs. 0.46 per 1,000 person-years) with an aHR of 7.65 (95% CI 6.04-9.69) for epilepsy patients. The effect of schizophrenia on subsequent epilepsy was greater for women, but the association between epilepsy and elevated incidence of schizophrenia was more pronounced in men. Significance: We found a strong bidirectional relation between schizophrenia and epilepsy. These two conditions may share common causes. Further studies on the mechanism are required. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Long-term assessment of topiramate for epilepsy: An open-label, single-arm, multicentre, prospective study in a naturalistic setting$$$ Background and Objective: Most patients with epilepsy require long-term medical therapy. Newer antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) appear to be overall similarly effective to older agents but may be better tolerated. However, most of the clinical data available for newer AEDs derive from a number of shortterm studies. The objective of this study was to explore long-term outcomes in patients with epilepsy treated with topiramate in routine clinical practice. Methods: This was an open-label, multicentre, optional follow-up monotherapy study that included adolescents and adults with epilepsy who completed two similarly designed 28- or 30-week studies and agreed to participate for an additional 52 weeks. Seizure types and frequency, topiramate dose, vital signs and treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) after 12, 26, 39 and 52 weeks were documented. Post hoc analyses to explore differences between males and females were conducted. Results: 114 patients (49.0% women, mean SD age 43 17.5 years) with a mean SD disease duration of 61 118 months (men 54 96 vs women 68 138 months) were followed up for a median of 18.5 months. Seventyeight percent of patients completed the study. Reasons for premature discontinuation were: loss to follow-up (10.5%), TEAE (5.3%), lack of efficacy (2.6%), non-adherence (0.9%) and other reasons (4.4%). Seizure frequency per 4 weeks decreased from a mean SD 5.0 28.3 at baseline to 0.6 2.1 during the whole observation period. Fifty-four patients (52.9%) were seizure free during the whole observation period. In addition, 69 of 95 patients (72.6%) whose topiramate therapy was stable within a range of 50mg/day for a period of at least 12 months (maintenance phase) were seizure free while treated with a median topiramate dose of 100mg/day. The most frequently reported TEAEs were paraesthesias (13.2% of patients), dizziness (7.0%) and seizure-related events (7.0%). No significant differences between males and females were found for treatment response or retention. Conclusion: Topiramate is an effective and well tolerated long-term treatment option for adolescents and adults with epilepsy. © 2011 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The impact of mental illness on potentially preventable hospitalisations: A population-based cohort study$$$ Background: Emerging evidence indicates an association between mental illness and poor quality of physical health care. To test this, we compared mental health clients (MHCs) with non-MHCs on potentially preventable hospitalisations (PPHs) as an indicator of the quality of primary care received.Methods: Population-based retrospective cohort study of 139,208 MHCs and 294,180 matched non-MHCs in Western Australia from 1990 to 2006, using linked data from electoral roll registrations, mental health registry (MHR) records, hospital inpatient discharges and deaths. We used the electoral roll data as the sampling frame for both cohorts to enhance internal validity of the study, and the MHR to separate MHCs from non-MHCs. Rates of PPHs (overall and by PPH category and medical condition) were compared between MHCs, category of mental disorders and non-MHCs. Multivariate negative binomial regression analyses adjusted for socio-demographic factors, case mix and the year at the start of follow up due to dynamic nature of study cohorts.Results: PPHs accounted for more than 10% of all hospital admissions in MHCs, with diabetes and its complications, adverse drug events (ADEs), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), convulsions and epilepsy, and congestive heart failure being the most common causes. Compared with non-MHCs, MHCs with any mental disorders were more likely to experience a PPH than non-MHCs (overall adjusted rate ratio (ARR) 2.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.03-2.09). ARRs of PPHs were highest for convulsions and epilepsy, nutritional deficiencies, COPD and ADEs. The ARR of a PPH was highest in MHCs with alcohol/drug disorders, affective psychoses, other psychoses and schizophrenia.Conclusions: MHCs have a significantly higher rate of PPHs than non-MHCs. Improving primary and secondary prevention is warranted in MHCs, especially at the primary care level, despite there may be different thresholds for admission in people with established physical disease that is influenced by whether or not they have comorbid mental illness. © 2011 Mai et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Prolonged-release melatonin versus placebo for benzodiazepine discontinuation in patients with schizophrenia: A randomized clinical trial - the SMART trial protocol$$$ Background: Treatment of schizophrenia frequently includes prolonged benzodiazepine administration despite a lack of evidence of its use. It is often difficult to discontinue benzodiazepines because of the development of dependence. We aim to assess if melatonin can facilitate the withdrawal of prolonged benzodiazepine administration in patients with schizophrenia. Furthermore, we aim to investigate the association of benzodiazepine dose reduction with the following clinically important variables: sleep, psychophysiology, cognition, social function, and quality of life.Methods/Design: Randomized, blinded, two-armed, parallel superiority trial. We plan to include 80 consenting outpatients diagnosed with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder, 18-55 years of age, treated with antipsychotic drug(s) and at least one benzodiazepine derivative for the last three months before inclusion. Exclusion criteria: currently under treatment for alcohol or drug abuse, aggressive or violent behavior, known mental retardation, pervasive developmental disorder, dementia, epilepsy, terminal illness, severe co morbidity, inability to understand Danish, allergy to melatonin, lactose, starch, gelatin, or talc, hepatic impairment, pregnancy or nursing, or lack of informed consent. After being randomized to prolonged-release melatonin (Circadin®) 2 mg daily or matching placebo, participants are required to slowly taper off their benzodiazepine dose. The primary outcome measure is benzodiazepine dose at 6 months follow-up. Secondary outcome measures include sleep, psychophysiological, and neurocognitive measures. Data are collected at baseline and at 6 months follow-up regarding medical treatment, cognition, psychophysiology, sleep, laboratory tests, adverse events, psychopathology, social function, and quality of life. Data on medical treatment, cognition, psychophysiology, adverse events, social function, and quality of life are also collected at 2 and 4 months follow-up.Discussion: The results from this trial will examine whether melatonin has a role in withdrawing long-term benzodiazepine administration in schizophrenia patients. This group of patients is difficult to treat and therefore often subject to polypharmacy which may play a role in the reduced life expectancy of patients compared to the background population. The results will also provide new information on the association of chronic benzodiazepine treatment with sleep, psychophysiology, cognition, social function, and quality of life. Knowledge of these important clinical aspects is lacking in this group of patients.Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials NCT01431092. © 2011 Baandrup et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis in children: A review of the experience with paediatric patients in a University Hospital$$$ Background Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) are life-threatening drug reactions considered to be part of the spectrum of a single pathological process. Objective To describe the clinical and epidemiological characteristics of SJS/TEN in children attended at our hospital. Materials and methods Retrospective study of children diagnosed with SJS/TEN between 1999 and 2009 in a University Hospital provided with regional-level burn and paediatric intensive care units. Results We found 14 paediatric patients (eight SJS and six TEN). They presented an average of 60% of the body surface area affected and 31% of epidermal sloughing. The average of suspected drugs was 1.7 per patient, anticonvulsants (carbamazepine, phenytoin and lamotrigine) and antibiotics (penicillin and macrolides) being the most frequent ones. Silver sulfadiazine was the topical treatment most frequently used, 86% of patients received systemic steroids and 28.5% intravenous immunoglobulins. One patient died. Conclusions The SJS/TEN complex is a true dermatological critical condition that also affects children. Any drug can be the causative agent, more frequently anticonvulsants and antibiotics. Depending on the extension of the affected body surface, patients should be rapidly admitted to a critical care area with experience in the care of burn patients. Discontinuation of the suspected offending drugs is mandatory. Optimal supportive care and management of denuded skin areas are still the mainstay of treatment. The use of specific therapies remains controversial. Compared with adults, the disease in children seems to be milder with lower mortality. © 2010 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology © 2010 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology. ER  - 
Selenium and clinical trials: New therapeutic evidence for multiple diseases$$$ The understanding of the essential role of selenium (Se) in human health has increased substantially in recent decades. Micronutrient deficiencies are very common in the general population and may be even more common in patients with different pathologies due to genetic or environmental causes and prescription drug use. Selenium is used by people in the prevention and/or treatment of different disorders including cardiovascular disease, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, hypothyroidism, stroke, atherosclerosis, cancer susceptibility and treatment, HIV, AIDS, neuronal diseases such as Alzheimer or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, pancreatitis, depression, and diabetes amongst others. Several mechanisms have been suggested to mediate the biological effects of Se and these include antioxidant defence systems, synthesis and stability of metabolites that act as intermediates implicated in diverse selenoproteins expression pathways oxidative metabolism, immune system modulation, DNA intercalators, kinase regulation, enzymatic cofactor, and gene expression. A number of clinical trials in recent years have provided convincing evidence of the central role of this element, either alone or in combination with other micronutrients or antioxidants, in the prevention and treatment of multiple diseases. Based on these studies this review focuses on the advances made so far in the study of mechanisms and applications of selenium compounds that could be suitable for chronic diseases. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Features of somatosensory manifestations induced by intracranial electrical stimulations of the human insula$$$ Objective: To study the clinical manifestations induced by intracranial electrical stimulation of the insular cortex in epileptic patients submitted to invasive stereo-electroencephalography (SEEG) recordings. Methods: We retrospectively studied the clinical manifestations induced by intracerebral electrical stimulations of the insular cortex in 96 patients. In order to precisely localize the position of the electrodes a postoperative 3D CT scan or a 3D MRI was obtained and then the images were merged with the preoperative MRI in the same stereotactic referenced system. Results: A total of 341 electrical bipolar stimulations were performed. The most frequently induced symptom was a somatosensory manifestation (70%), mainly tingling and electric sensation involving the contralateral face and arm. Motor responses represented the 8% of the total amount, as well as auditory phenomena. Language dysfunction accounted for 2% of responses. Autonomic and gustatory phenomena represented respectively 1% of responses. Conclusions: We found a great prevalence of somatosensory manifestations whereas other types of clinical modifications were extremely infrequent. Significance: Our data support a prominent somatosensory role of the human insular cortex and provide a precise characterization of the different types of sensory manifestations induced by intracranial electrical stimulation of the human insula. © 2011 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. ER  - 
Undiagnosed depression and its correlates in a predominantly immigrant Hispanic neurology clinic$$$ Objective: Previous studies have reported a high incidence of depression in neurology clinics, however areas where there are predominantly underserved immigrants have not been studied. Methods: Retrospective cohort study in an academic outpatient neurology clinic in Los Angeles, California. Newly referred patients (N = 318) were assessed consecutively for depression using a PHQ-9 questionnaire, accompanied by review of the assessment of the depressive disorder. Results: The patient cohort consisted of 190 females (59%) and 130 males (41%), primarily of Hispanic descent (72%), with 8% Asian 11% white, and 5% African-American. Sixty-eight percent (68%) had depression, with 40% exhibiting moderate to severe depression. Patients who had moderate to severe depression (based on PHQ-9) were more likely to be unemployed (75.2% vs. 60.7%, p = 0.008), dependent on government income (29.5% vs. 20.4%, p = 0.06), and have headache or pain as the reason for referral (42.4% vs. 28.5%, p = 0.03). Severity of depression also significantly correlated with current treatment by psychiatrist, current antidepressant use, and less independent living. Patients with moderate to severe depression were more likely to have made ER visits in the last 12 months (0.9 vs. 0.7, p = 0.01) and were taking more medications (3.3 vs. 2.5, p = 0.03), compared to patient with mild or no depression. Conclusion: The presence of moderate to severe depression significantly correlated with socioeconomic status, use of emergency room, and presence of headache/pain. Neurology clinics with predominantly underserved immigrant patients have a disproportionate amount of depression, which may be related to socioeconomic factors resulting in overutilization of scarce healthcare resources. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Effective group-based memory training for patients with epilepsy$$$ Patients with epilepsy experience memory problems, but there have been few attempts to provide and evaluate the effectiveness of memory training. We designed a 6-week, group-based, psychoeducation and strategy course that was evaluated using a waitlist crossover design, with three assessments conducted 12. weeks apart. Thirty-one patients with a history of seizures participated. Significant gains were found on tests of anterograde (Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test) and appointment memory. In addition, patients reported using more strategies and experiencing fewer prospective memory difficulties in daily life. Memory was more likely to improve in participants who were younger, less educated, and less depressed. Moreover, lower baseline memory, but better attention corresponded to better outcome. Of the clinical variables related to epilepsy, only number of anticonvulsant medications was found to be associated with outcome. Our study provides evidence that a relatively short intervention can improve memory functioning in patients with epilepsy. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Recognition of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures diminishes acute care utilization$$$ Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) frequently use acute health care resources including emergency departments (EDs), resulting in redundant efforts. We asked whether establishing the diagnosis of PNES via video/EEG telemetry reduces subsequent ED use. Twenty-three patients with PNES were studied over a 48-month period surrounding the diagnosis using a provincewide database. There was a 39% reduction in total ED visits and a 51% reduction in ED visits for neurological causes during the 24. months following the diagnosis, and decreased ED use persisted throughout the follow-up period. There was no significant change in ED utilization for psychiatric causes. The proportion of patients with PNES who used ED services once or not at all per year increased from 26% in the 2. years prior to the diagnosis to 57% following the diagnosis. These findings suggest that a definitive, telemetry-based diagnosis relieves diagnostic uncertainties for the patient and physician, but also has quantifiable economic benefits. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
One-year seizure prognosis in epilepsy patients treated with antidepressants$$$ To investigate the clinical effects of antidepressants on seizure frequency of patients with epilepsy treated with antiepileptic drugs, we retrospectively evaluated the 1-year course of seizure frequency. One hundred twenty-one patients with epilepsy treated with antidepressants and 300 patients with epilepsy not treated with antidepressants (controls) were the subjects of this study. Seizure frequency over the 1-year period of administration of antidepressants was retrospectively evaluated and compared with that for controls. In the patients with epilepsy taking antidepressants, seizure frequencies at four observation points (1, 3, 6, and 12. months after starting antidepressants) were equivalent to those of the control group. There was no significant difference in seizure frequency between first- and second-generation antidepressants. Patients with epilepsy treated with antiepileptic drugs can take antidepressants without a significant risk of exacerbation of seizures. Most antidepressants can be used for psychiatric treatment of patients with epilepsy. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Benign rolandic epileptiform discharges are associated with mood and behavior problems$$$ Children with benign rolandic epilepsy (BRE) experience elevated rates of cognitive, behavioral, and affective problems. Frequent epileptiform spike discharges may impair behavioral functioning. To elucidate this relationship, we evaluated associations between the EEG spike frequency index (SI) and parental ratings of psychosocial adjustment and executive functioning in school-aged children with EEGs typical of BRE. Twenty-one children (6-12. years) participated. Parents completed validated questionnaires at a median of 5. months (range: 1-8) after a routine outpatient EEG. The EEG SI was calculated for wakefulness and sleep. The strength of association between the SI and behavioral variables was evaluated by simple and multivariate correlation. Higher awake and sleep SIs were associated with more symptoms of depression (P< 0.001), aggression and conduct problems (P< 0.01). Higher sleep SI was associated with executive dysfunction and anxiety (P< 0.05). Symptoms of hyperactivity and inattention had no correlation. Increased epileptiform activity in children with BRE may predict higher rates of mood and behavioral problems. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of pregabalin versus lamotrigine in patients with newly diagnosed partial seizures: A phase 3, double-blind, randomised, parallel-group trial$$$ Background: Efficacious and safe monotherapy options are needed for adult patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy. As an adjunctive treatment for partial seizures, pregabalin compares favourably with lamotrigine and is an effective, approved treatment. We studied the efficacy and safety of pregabalin as monotherapy, using a design that complied with European regulatory requirements and International League Against Epilepsy guidelines. Methods: This phase 3, double-blind, randomised, non-inferiority study compared the efficacy and tolerability of pregabalin and lamotrigine monotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed partial seizures at 105 centres, mostly in Europe and Asia. Randomisation to treatment groups (1:1 ratio) was by a computer-generated pseudorandom code (random permuted blocks), with patients sequentially assigned numbers by telephone. Investigators, site staff, and patients were masked to the assigned treatment. After randomisation, patients were titrated to either 75 mg oral pregabalin or 50 mg oral lamotrigine twice daily during a 4-week dose-escalation phase, followed by a 52-week efficacy assessment phase during which the daily dose could be increased as needed to a maximum of 600 mg and 500 mg, respectively. The primary efficacy endpoint was the proportion of patients who remained seizure-free for 6 or more continuous months during the efficacy assessment phase; analysis included all patients who were randomly assigned to treatment groups and received at least one dose of study treatment. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00280059. Findings: 660 patients were randomly assigned to treatment groups (330 pregabalin, 330 lamotrigine), of whom 622 entered the efficacy assessment phase (314 pregabalin, 308 lamotrigine). Fewer patients in the pregabalin group than in the lamotrigine group became seizure-free for 6 or more continuous months (162 [52%] vs 209 [68%]; difference in proportion, -0·16, 95% CI -0·24 to -0·09). The overall incidence of adverse events was similar between the groups and consistent with that in previous studies; dizziness (55 [17%] vs 45 [14%] patients), somnolence (29 [9%] vs 14 [4%]), fatigue (27 [8%] vs 19 [6%]), and weight increase (21 [6%] vs 7 [2%]) were numerically more common in the pregabalin group than in the lamotrigine group. Interpretation: Pregabalin has similar tolerability but seems to have inferior efficacy to lamotrigine for the treatment of newly diagnosed partial seizures in adults. Inferior efficacy of pregabalin might have been attributable to limitations in the study design, as treatment doses might have not been optimised adequately or early enough. Funding: Pfizer Inc. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Signal abnormalities in magnetic resonance imaging in neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus: 27 cases$$$ Purpose: Neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) are important complications of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and have been reported to occur in a frequency ranging from 25 to 75% of the patients. In recent years, MRI has an increasingly important role in the exploration of neurological disease. Clinical assessment together with MRI is significantly for diagnosing NPSLE. The aim of our study is to analyze the signal abnormalities in MRI in the NPSLE to make correlations with evolutionary stage of the disease. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study tacked with 27 patients with NPSLE in the department of Neurology and internal medicine in Sfax (Tunisia) from 1996 to 2010. The diagnosis of NPSLE was based on the criteria of The American College of Rheumatology (ACR established the first set of case definitions and diagnostic criteria for 19 central nervous system (CNS) and peripheral nervous system (PNS) syndromes associated with SLE in 1999. Conventional MRI with T1, T2-weighted and T1 post gadolinium were performed cutting 5 mm attached. Results: A total of 27 patients with NPSLE were included in this study. 71.80% of NPSLE manifestations develop before or around the time of the diagnosis of SLE. The most frequent NP syndromes were seizures 55.55%, mood disorders 25.92% and psychosis14.81%. MRI of the head and/or spine has been realized with 27 patients. MRI was normal with 15 patients (55.55%). A signal abnormality was found with 12 patients (44.44%). The most common change on MRI is small punctuate focal lesions in subcortical white matter and periventricular anomaly found in 5 cases (41.66%) of NPSLE patients including one case associated with signal abnormality of the corpus callosum and cerebellar peduncle and another with cortical atrophy, followed by cortical atrophy in 2 cases (16.66%), 1 case with an abnormal signal of the 2 hippocampus. One case of cerebral venous thrombosis and one case of ischemic stroke cerebral were repeated. Conclusions: Brain imaging is an important tool that allows us to evaluate the living brain. Thus far, anatomic brain imaging has revealed abnormalities such as sub cortical white matter lesions and cerebral atrophy, but these findings are non-specific. Methods that evaluate metabolic processes and other functional imaging techniques have more promise as surrogates for central nervous system damage. ER  - 
Responsive cortical stimulation for the treatment of medically intractable partial epilepsy$$$ Objectives: This multicenter, double-blind, randomized controlled trial assessed the safety and effectiveness of responsive cortical stimulation as an adjunctive therapy for partial onset seizures in adults with medically refractory epilepsy. Methods: A total of 191 adults with medically intractable partial epilepsy were implanted with a responsive neurostimulator connected to depth or subdural leads placed at 1 or 2 predetermined seizure foci. The neurostimulator was programmed to detect abnormal electrocorticographic activity. One month after implantation, subjects were randomized 1:1 to receive stimulation in response to detections (treatment) or to receive no stimulation (sham). Efficacy and safety were assessed over a 12-week blinded period and a subsequent 84-week open-label period during which all subjects received responsive stimulation. Results: Seizures were significantly reduced in the treatment (-37.9%, n = 97) compared to the sham group (-17.3%, n = 94; p = 0.012) during the blinded period and there was no difference between the treatment and sham groups in adverse events. During the open-label period, the seizure reduction was sustained in the treatment group and seizures were significantly reduced in the sham group when stimulation began. There were significant improvements in overall quality of life (p < 0.02) and no deterioration in mood or neuropsychological function. Conclusions: Responsive cortical stimulation reduces the frequency of disabling partial seizures, is associated with improvements in quality of life, and is well-tolerated with no mood or cognitive effects. Responsive stimulation may provide another adjunctive treatment option for adults with medically intractable partial seizures. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class I evidence that responsive cortical stimulation is effective in significantly reducing seizure frequency for 12 weeks in adults who have failed 2 or more antiepileptic medication trials,3or more seizures per month, and 1 or 2 seizure foci. © 2011 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Effectiveness of topiramate$$$ an add-on open-label multicenter study; An open-label multi-center study was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of Topiramate (TPM) from December 2007 to January 2009. The study subjects consisted of 302 patients with various epilepsy and seizure types. Fourteen patients (4.6%) became seizure free. The effectiveness was most prominent in Dravet syndrome. More than 50% seizure reduction was obtained in 25.9% of patients with complex partial seizure, 28.6% with generalized tonic-clonic seizure, 18.4% with tonic seizure, and 25% with myoclonic seizure. While sleepiness and loss of appetite were the most common side effect, psychiatric and cognitive impairment were also observed in 8.6% and 6.6%, respectively. ER  - 
Spectrum of surgical complications of temporal lobe epilepsy surgery: A single - Center study$$$ Aim: Although surgery is the most effective means of eliminating or reducing seizures in cases of medically refractory epilepsy, the expected or unexpected surgical complications must also be kept in mind in order not to decrease patients' quality of life. The aim of this present study was to assess the surgical complications of temporal lobe epilepsy surgery and their effects on the disease course in patients with intractable epilepsy arising from the temporo-mesial structures. Material and Methods: The records of 58 patients who underwent temporal lobectomy and/or selective amygdalahippocampectomy at Gülhane Military Medical Academy between January 2000 and August 2010 were reviewed for peri- and post-surgical complications. Results: Post-surgical complications were detected in 7 patients (12%). The most common complication of ES was infection in 2 patients (2.9%). Other complications were hemorrhagic infarction, paresis of the frontal branch of the left facial nerve, subdural effusion, anxiety disorder, depressive disorder and late-onset psychosis. Conclusion: The results of our study suggest the importance of post-operative care and long-term follow up in order to achieve favorable seizure outcome after epilepsy surgery. ER  - 
Drugs with anticholinergic properties: A current perspective on use and safety$$$ Many commonly used drugs have primary or secondary anticholinergic effects contributing to adverse outcomes ranging from mild-to-severe to potentially lethal. Anticholinergic adverse effects frequently occur with medications prescribed with other intended mechanisms of action, including antihistamines, antidepressants, and antipsychotics. Anticholinergic drugs are also the principal treatments of clinical conditions, such as urinary incontinence, that tend to occur in the elderly. Older patients and those with mental illness are particularly vulnerable to the adverse neuropsychiatric effects of anticholinergics as they may already have cognitive impairment. Areas covered: Medline and Pubmed literature searches (1966 - the present) were performed using 'anticholinergic' and 'drug safety'. Abstracts were assessed and references scanned for appropriate articles. Here, the authors i) describe the neural pathways of the cholinergic system; ii) outline the main clinical uses and adverse effects of anticholinergic agents with a focus on cognitive impairment; and iii) discuss anticholinergic safety monitoring. Expert opinion: Prescribers need to be vigilant for adverse anticholinergic effects, particularly in older patients. The symptoms may range from subtle cognitive impairment to delirium and may be due to the cumulative effect of multiple medications of modest antimuscarinic activity. The Anticholinergic Drug Scale and tables listing drugs with known anticholinergic properties may help in guiding clinical decision-making to reduce anticholinergic burden. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Depression in adolescents with chronic medical illness$$$ Chronic illness can lead to anxiety and depression in both parents and their adolescents. The identification of predictor variables would greatly assist pediatricians and parents in identifying children at risk for prolonged depression. Findings indicate that age and gender of the adolescent and duration of illness did not affect the depression score, but type of illness affected the score significantly. This article illustrates the fact that pediatricians can use the Beck Depression Inventory to identify depression and guide parents and adolescents to adequate medical care. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston. ER  - 
Effects of contingency management and bupropion on cigarette smoking in smokers with schizophrenia$$$ Rationale Individuals with schizophrenia have high smoking-related morbidity and mortality rates and need powerful and innovative smoking cessation interventions. Objectives This proof-of-concept study investigated the feasibility and initial efficacy of combining a contingency management intervention with bupropion to reduce smoking in people with schizophrenia. Methods Using a double-blind, placebo-controlled, betweengroups design, 57 non-treatment-seeking participants were randomized to receive 300 mg/day bupropion or placebo. One week later, participants were randomized to a contingency management (CM) intervention in which reductions in urinary cotinine levels were reinforced, or a non-contingent reinforcement (NR) condition in which session attendance was reinforced, regardless of cotinine level. Over the 22-day study period, participants visited the laboratory approximately three times per week to provide urine samples for analysis of cotinine levels, to give breath samples for analysis of carbon monoxide (CO) levels, and to report number of cigarettes smoked per day, nicotine withdrawal symptoms, cigarette craving, and psychiatric symptoms. Results Cotinine and CO levels significantly decreased during the study period in participants randomized to the CM condition, but not the NR condition. Bupropion did not reduce cotinine levels or increase the efficacy of CM. Cigarette craving and psychiatric symptom levels significantly decreased during the study in all groups. Conclusions The results of this study indicate the efficacy and feasibility of this CM intervention for reducing smoking in individuals with schizophrenia. © 2011 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Levetiracetam monotherapy - Outcomes from an epilepsy clinic$$$ Introduction: Levetiracetam (LEV) is a broad spectrum antiepileptic drug (AED) with a unique mechanism of action. This retrospective audit explores outcomes in patients commenced on LEV monotherapy at the Epilepsy Unit at the Western Infirmary, Glasgow, Scotland from 1st January 2001 until 30th June 2009. Methods: LEV monotherapy was started in 228 patients (89 men, 139 women, aged 12-81 years [median 28 years]). Of these, 161 (70.6%) had partial-onset seizures, 59 (25.9%) had idiopathic generalized epilepsies (35 primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures [PGTCS], 20 juvenile myoclonic epilepsy, 4 juvenile absence epilepsy), and 8 (3.5%) had unclassified GTCS. Initial dosing was 250 mg twice daily for 2 weeks, followed by 500 mg twice daily. Patients were reviewed every 6-8 weeks. If required, the LEV dose was titrated in 500 mg increments to a maximum tolerated or effective dose. Results: In total, 112 (49.1%) patients remained seizure-free for ≥1 year on a median LEV dose of 1000 mg/day (range 500-3000 mg/day). Patients were more likely to achieve seizure freedom with LEV as a first monotherapy (81 of 149 [54.4%]), as opposed to switching from another AED (31 of 79 [39.2%]; p = 0.03). In this latter group, seizure freedom was more likely in those who switched after failing their 1st or 2nd AED (n = 39 of 64 [60.9%]), compared to later in the treatment schedule (n = 2 of 15 [13.3%]; p = 0.029). Patients reporting <5 seizures (70 of 118) prior to starting LEV were more likely to become seizure-free than those with ≥5 seizures (42 of 110; p = 0.001). Thirty-six (15.8%) patients had a ≥50% seizure reduction over 1 year; 43 (18.9%) were classified as having a <50% improvement, but elected to continue on LEV. The drug was withdrawn in 37 (16.2%) patients (30 side effects, 7 lack of efficacy). Eighteen (7.9%) patients reported intolerable neuropsychiatric symptoms (7 aggression, 7 mood swings, 2 irritability, 2 depression). Other side effects leading to drug withdrawal included sedation (n = 5) and lethargy (n = 4). Conclusion: Seizure freedom was achieved in around half the patients on a median LEV dose of 1000 mg/day. This was more likely to occur in those taking the drug as first monotherapy, and in those with <5 pre-treatment seizures. Around 50% of those who discontinued LEV due to side effects developed neuropsychiatric symptoms. © 2011 British Epilepsy Association. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comparative trial of low- and high-dose zonisamide as monotherapy for childhood epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the effectiveness of zonisamide (ZNS) as monotherapy in children with newly diagnosed epilepsy. Methods: This randomized, multicenter trial included a 2-4-week titration and a 24-week maintenance phase after randomization to low-(3-4 mg/kg/day) or high-(6-8 mg/kg/day) dose groups as target maintenance dosages. The primary outcome measure was the seizure-free rate over 6 months, while a secondary measure was the change in cognition and behavior from screening to the end of the maintenance phase. Results: Out of 125 patients enrolled, 90 (49 low-dose and 41 high-dose) completed the study. Forty-one patients (63.1%) in the low-dose group and 34(57.6%) in the high-dose group achieved 6 months' freedom from seizures (p = 0.66). After treatment, the picture arrangement subtest improved in the low-dose group (p = 0.047) while the vocabulary subtest worsened in the high-dose group (p = 0.020). Comparing between the two groups, the vocabulary subtest in the high-dose group was significantly worse than that in the low-dose group (p = 0.002). Social competence, somatic complaints, depression/anxiety and delinquent and aggressive behavior in the low-dose group were significantly improved (p < 0.05). Moreover, total social competence, somatic complaints, delinquent behavior, externalizing, and total behavior problems were significantly more improved in the low-dose group than the high-dose group (p < 0.05). Conclusions: ZNS is an effective monotherapy for newly diagnosed childhood epilepsy. Lower doses of ZNS have a similar efficacy and more beneficial neurocognitive effects compared to higher doses. When prescribing higher doses of ZNS, one must be aware of the possible manifestation of problems associated with language development, such as those affecting vocabulary acquisition. © 2011 British Epilepsy Association. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comorbidity profiles among patients with bullous pemphigoid: A nationwide population-based study$$$ Summary Background Bullous pemphigoid (BP) has been associated with neurological and psychiatric diseases; however, large-scale population-based study of different comorbid diseases in patients with BP is quite limited. Objectives We sought to analyse the prevalence of neurological, psychiatric, autoimmune and inflammatory skin diseases prior to the diagnosis of BP and their associations with BP among patients with BP from a nationwide database in Taiwan. Methods A total of 3485 patients with BP and 17 425 matching controls were identified from the National Health Insurance Database in Taiwan from 1997 to 2008. Conditional logistic regression analyses for a nested case-control study were performed to examine the prevalence of comorbidities prior to the diagnosis of BP between these two groups. Results Overall, our results showed that stroke [odds ratio (OR) 3·30; 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 3·03-3·60], dementia (OR 4·81; 95% CI 4·26- 5·42), Parkinson disease (OR 3·49; 95% CI 3·05-3·98) , epilepsy (OR 3·97; 95% CI 3·28-4·81), schizophrenia (OR 2·56; 95% CI 1·52-4·30) and psoriasis (OR 2·02; 95% CI 1·54-2·66) were significantly associated with BP. Among them, the association with schizophrenia and psoriasis was predominant in female and male patients, respectively, with BP. It remains for all these comorbid diseases to be independently associated with BP by multivariate analysis. Conclusions Patients with BP are more likely to have various neurological diseases, schizophrenia and psoriasis prior to the diagnosis of BP, supporting associations found in other studies. Further research is required to elucidate the tentative causal association with BP. © 2011 British Association of Dermatologists. ER  - 
Clinical features of paroxysmal non-epileptic events in different pediatric age groups$$$ Introduction: The paroxysmal non-epileptic events (PNES) in childhood are a group of disorders, syndromes and phenomena that mimic true epileptic seizures. The differential diagnosis of PNES is very broad spanning a wide variety of physiologic, organic and behavioural conditions. The key to diagnosis is a detailed history and careful observation. Objective: To assess the etiology of childhood PNES in different age groups. Methods: Retrospective study was conducted on 59 patients (20 boys and 39 girls) aged 1 month to 18 years with history of PNES. The follow-up period was 1.5 years. The etiology of non-epileptic events was assessed and compared afterwards according to age. Results: The most frequent cause of PNES was syncope (30.5%), followed by psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (18.6%). 11.9% had apparent life-threatening events (ALTE) as an underlying cause, 8.5% hypoglycaemia, 6.8% some kind of intoxication and 3.4% migraine headaches, whereas 20.3% of cases of PNES were due to other causes (dehydration, benign paroxysmal vertigo, post-vaccine reactions, masturbation-like movements). We noticed more frequent occurrence of ALTE in infancy (5.57±6.29 months) and syncope (155.16±36.13 months) and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (168.64±52.07 months) in adolescence. Gender was not shown to be a significant factor. Conclusion: Our study has shown that organic disturbances were the most frequent causes of PNES in infants and toddlers, whereas autonomic dysfunction disorders and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures were predominantly noticed in older age groups. ER  - 
Chlorophenoxyl derivatives as histamine H3R antagonists$$$ The H3R is involved in the central and peripheral regulation of levels of histamine and other neurotransmitters (e.g. acetylcholine, noradrenaline, dopamine, serotonin, GABA, glutamate and substance P). Intensive pharmacological studies suggest the utility of H3R antagonists/inverse agonists in CNS diseases (e.g. narcolepsy, ADHD, Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia, epilepsy), allergic rhinitis, obesity and pain. Many pharmaceutical companies and academic researchers have synthesized a large number of highly potent H3R antagonists/inverse agonists. Some of the compounds are undergoing evaluation in clinical development. Especially interesting is pitolisant (1-{3-[- 3{-4-chlorophenyl) propoxy]propyl}piperidine), which is progressing through phase III clinical trials. The present work is a continuation of our previous works in the histamine H3R field. As the lead structure for these studies, we have chosen pitolisant and 3- or 4-chlorophenoxy analogues of this compound have been prepared. Compounds with four secondary amines as a basic group (piperidine, 3- or 4-methylpiperidine and azepine) have been synthesized. A length of the alkyl spacer between an amine moiety and a chlorophenoxy ring has been also changed. The desired compounds were obtained by the direct reaction of prepared chlorophenoxyalkyl bromides with corresponding amines. Histamine H3R affinities of the synthesized compounds were evaluated at the human receptor. Displacement of [3H] Nα-methylhistamine from HEK-293 cells stably expressing hH3R was measured. Most compounds showed moderate histamine H3R affinities (hH3R 100 nM\ hKi<500 nM). Generally, the most potent were 3-methylpiperidine derivatives and the length of the alkyl chain influenced the H3R potency. ER  - 
Antidepressant use and risk of adverse outcomes in older people: Population based cohort study$$$ Objectives: To investigate the association between antidepressant treatment and risk of several potential adverse outcomes in older people with depression and to examine risks by class of antidepressant, duration of use, and dose. Design: Cohort study of people aged 65 and over diagnosed as having depression. Setting: 570 general practices in the United Kingdom supplying data to the QResearch primary care database. Participants: 60 746 patients diagnosed as having a new episode of depression between the ages of 65 and 100 years from 1 January 1996 to 31 December 2007 and followed up until 31 December 2008. Main outcome measures: Hazard ratios associated with antidepressant use for all cause mortality, attempted suicide/self harm, myocardial infarction, stroke/transient ischaemic attack, falls, fractures, upper gastrointestinal bleeding, epilepsy/seizures, road traffic accidents, adverse drug reactions, and hyponatraemia, adjusted for a range of potential confounding variables. Hazard ratios were calculated for antidepressant class (tricyclic and related antidepressants, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, other antidepressants), dose, and duration of use and for commonly prescribed individual drugs. Results: 54 038 (89.0%) patients received at least one prescription for an antidepressant during follow-up. A total of 1 398 359 antidepressant prescriptions were issued: 764 659 (54.7%) for selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, 442 192 (31.6%) for tricyclic antidepressants, 2203 (0.2%) for monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and 189 305 (13.5%) for the group of other antidepressants. The associations with the adverse outcomes differed significantly between the antidepressant classes for seven outcomes. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors were associated with the highest adjusted hazard ratios for falls (1.66, 95% confidence interval 1.58 to 1.73) and hyponatraemia (1.52, 1.33 to 1.75) compared with when antidepressants were not being used. The group of other antidepressants was associated with the highest adjusted hazard ratios for all cause mortality (1.66, 1.56 to 1.77), attempted suicide/self harm (5.16, 3.90 to 6.83), stroke/transient ischaemic attack (1.37, 1.22 to 1.55), fracture (1.64, 1.46 to 1.84), and epilepsy/seizures (2.24, 1.60 to 3.15), compared with when antidepressants were not being used. Tricyclic antidepressants did not have the highest hazard ratio for any of the outcomes. Significantly different associations also existed between the individual drugs for the same seven outcomes; trazodone (tricyclic antidepressant), mirtazapine, and venlafaxine (both in the group of other antidepressants) were associated with the highest rates for some of these outcomes. Absolute risks over 1 year for all cause mortality were 7.04% for patients while not taking antidepressants, 8.12% for those taking tricyclic antidepressants, 10.61% for selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and 11.43% for other antidepressants. Conclusions: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and drugs in the group of other antidepressants were associated with an increased risk of several adverse outcomes compared with tricyclic antidepressants. Among individual drugs, trazodone, mirtazapine, and venlafaxine were associated with the highest risks for some outcomes. As this is an observational study, it is susceptible to confounding by indication, channelling bias, and residual confounding, so differences in characteristics between patients prescribed different antidepressant drugs that could account for some of the associations between the drugs and the adverse outcomes may remain. Further research is needed to confirm these findings, but the risks and benefits of different antidepressants should be carefully evaluated when these drugs are prescribed to older people. ER  - 
Analysis of risk factors for malignant mediterranean spotted fever indicates that fluoroquinolone treatment has a deleterious effect$$$ Objectives: To identify risk factors for malignant Mediterranean spotted fever (MSF) caused by Rickettsia conorii conorii. Patients and methods: Epidemiological, clinical and biological characteristics as well as risk factors (including treatment regimens) for severe MSF cases were analysed retrospectively. A patient with two or more organ dysfunctions or patient death was defined as a severe case. Results: During the study period (January 1999 to December 2009), 161 MSF cases were referred to our centre for rickettsioses. Twenty-six cases (16.1%) were considered severe, which is 3-fold higher than in our previous studies. The clinical and laboratory findings were comparable to those reported elsewhere except that the type of antibiotic treatment was associated with disease severity. Doxycycline administration prior to deterioration of disease (in 31 patients) protected patients from development of severe MSF [relative risk (RR) 0.248, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.08-0.76] and induced earlier defervescence compared with the other treatment regimens (3.02±2.2 days versus 7.1±6.57 days, P±0.021). In contrast, fluoroquinolone treatment (in 21 patients) was significantly and independently associated with MSF severity (RR 2.53, 95% CI 1.40-4.55) and was associated with a significantly longer hospital stay. Conclusions: In this retrospective study fluoroquinolone treatment was associated with increased MSF disease severity. Fluoroquinolones have been previously associated with treatment failure in typhus and scrub typhus cases. Thus, we do not recommend the use of fluoroquinolones to treat rickettsial diseases. © The Author 2011. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Antimicrobial Chemotherapy. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Five-year trajectories of long-term benzodiazepine use by adolescents: Patient, provider, and medication factors$$$ Objectives: This study sought to understand the stability of and change in benzodiazepine use among incident long-term benzodiazepine users over a five-year period and to investigate predictors of variation in use patterns from adolescence into adulthood. Methods: Long-term use was defined as receipt of benzodiazepine prescriptions for 31 or more cumulative days in a calendar year. Data for 1999-2005 were obtained from the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. Two age groups of incident long-term users in 2000 were identified - 1,758 aged 12-15 and 5,265 aged 16-19 - and their benzodiazepine prescription records from 2001 to 2005 were retrieved. Group-based trajectory analyses and polytomous logistic regression were performed to evaluate differential risk of benzodiazepine use over time. Results: From 3% to 5% of the incident benzodiazepine users were long-term users. Four distinct groups of users emerged from the five years of study data: occasional, decelerating, accelerating, and chronic users. Overall, one-quarter were accelerating or chronic users. A history of psychosis or epilepsy, prescription by providers from multiple specialties, and receipt of benzodiazepines with a long half-life or mixed indications significantly increased one's risk of becoming a chronic or accelerating user (range of adjusted odds ratios from 2 to 6). Conclusions: Patient characteristics and attributes of service providers and pharmacological agents played significant roles in benzodiazepine use patterns. Prescribers can reduce the risk of long-term use by assessing whether pediatric patients have received benzodiazepines from multiple doctors for various medical conditions. ER  - 
Xenon-enhanced cerebral blood flow at 28% xenon provides uniquely safe access to quantitative, clinically useful cerebral blood flow information: A multicenter study$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Xe-CT measures CBF and can be used to make clinical treatment decisions. Availability has been limited, in part due to safety concerns. Due to improvements in CT technology, the concentration of inhaled xenon gas has been decreased from 32% to 28%. To our knowledge, no data exist regarding the safety profile of this concentration. We sought to better determine the safety profile of this lower concentration through a multicenter evaluation of adverse events reported by all centers currently performing xenon/CT studies in the US. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients were prospectively recruited at 7 centers to obtain safety and efficacy information. All studies were performed to answer a clinical question. All centers used the same xenon delivery system. CT imaging was used during a 4.3-minute inhalation of 28% xenon gas. Vital signs were monitored on all patients throughout each procedure. Occurrence and severity of adverse events were recorded by the principal investigator at each site. RESULTS: At 7 centers, 2003 studies were performed, 1486 (74.2%) in nonventilated patients. The most common indications were occlusive vascular disease and ischemic stroke; 93% of studies were considered clinically useful. Thirty-nine studies (1.9%) caused respiratory suppression of >20 seconds, all of which resolved spontaneously. Shorter respiratory pauses occurred in 119 (5.9%), and hyperventilation, in 34 (1.7%). There were 53 additional adverse events (2.9%), 7 of which were classified as severe. No adverse event resulted in any persistent neurologic change or other sequelae. CONCLUSIONS: Xe-CT CBF can be performed safely, with a very low risk of adverse events and, to date, no risk of permanent morbidity or sequelae. On the basis of the importance of the clinical information gained, Xe-CT should be made widely available. ER  - 
A review of the role of psychiatrists and pediatricians in Outpatient treatment of adolescents with anorexia and bulimia nervosa$$$ Eating disorders frequently have their onset in adolescence. This is problematic as Anorexia Nervosa (AN), Bulimia Nervosa (BN), and Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified (EDNOS) often present with serious psychiatric and medical sequelae that can affect an adolescent's physical and emotional development. It is well documented that complications from eating disorders in adolescence can result in long-term health consequences, rendering effective psychiatric and medical treatments a necessity. To combat the medical consequences associated with eating disorders in adolescents, pediatricians must identify, treat, and monitor medical complications. Pediatricians are also responsible for assessing the need for hospitalization due to medical instability. Some advances have been made regarding psychopharmacological treatments for eating disorders. For example, antidepressant medications, such as SSRIs, have demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of adults with BN. The true effectiveness of these medications in adolescent populations remains unknown. A multidisciplinary team approach is a common treatment model in outpatient practice, but further research is required to investigate how to facilitate the collaboration of psychiatric and medical professionals. The majority of psychiatric and medical trials for eating disorder patients have involved adult participants, and most studies have investigated either psychiatric or medical treatments for eating disorders. In this review, we will add to the current literature by focusing on both psychiatric and medical treatments for eating disorders, with particular emphasis on studies conducted with adolescents. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Acupuncture for the treatment of major depressive disorder: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Over 50% of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) either do not tolerate or do not respond to antidepressant medications. Several preliminary studies have shown the benefits of acupuncture in the treatment of depression. We sought to determine whether a 2-point electroacupuncture protocol (verum acupuncture) would be beneficial for MDD, in comparison to needling at nonchannel scalp points with sham electrostimulation (control acupuncture). Method: Fifty-three subjects aged 18-80 years, recruited via advertisement or referral, were included in the primary analysis of our randomized controlled trial, which was conducted from March 2004 through May 2007 at UPMC Shadyside, Center for Complementary Medicine, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Inclusion criteria were mild or moderate MDD (according to the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Axis I Disorders) and a score of 14 or higher on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). Exclusion criteria included severe MDD, seizure disorder or risk for seizure disorder, psychosis, bipolar disorder, chronic MDD, treatment-resistent MDD, and history of substance abuse in the prior 6 months. Patients were randomized to receive twelve 30-minute sessions of verum versus control acupuncture over 6 to 8 weeks. The HDRS was the primary outcome measure. The UKU Side Effect Rating Scale was used to assess for adverse effects. Results: Twenty-eight subjects were randomized to verum electroacupuncture and 25 to control acupuncture. The 2 groups did not differ with regard to gender, age, or baseline severity of depression. Both groups improved, with mean (SD) absolute HDRS score decreases of -6.6 (5.9) in the verum group and -7.6 (6.6) in the control group, corresponding to 37.5% and 41.3% relative decreases from baseline. There were no serious adverse events associated with either intervention, and endorsement of adverse effects was similar in the 2 groups. Conclusions: We were unable to demonstrate a specific effect of electroacupuncture. Electroacupuncture and control acupuncture were equally well tolerated, and both resulted in similar absolute and relative improvement in depressive symptoms as measured by the HDRS. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00071110. © Copyright 2011 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
A study of the safety and harms of antidepressant drugs for older people: A cohort study using a large primary care database$$$ Objectives: The aim of this study was to establish the relative safety and balance of risks for antidepressant treatment in older people. The study objectives were to (1) determine relative and absolute risks of predefined adverse events in older people with depression, comparing classes of antidepressant drugs [tricyclic and related antidepressants (TCAs), selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) and other antidepressants] and commonly prescribed individual drugs with non-use of antidepressant drugs; (2) directly compare the risk of adverse events for SSRIs with TCAs; (3) determine associations with dose and duration of antidepressant medication; (4) describe patterns of antidepressant use in older people with depression; and (5) estimate costs of antidepressant medication and primary care visits. Design: A cohort study of patients aged 65 years and over diagnosed with depression. Setting: The study was based in 570 general practices in the UK supplying data to the QResearch database. Participants: Patients diagnosed with a new episode of depression between the ages of 65 and 100 years, from 1 January 1996 to 31 December 2007. Participants were followed up until 31 December 2008. Interventions: The exposure of interest was treatment with antidepressant medication. Antidepressant drugs were grouped into the major classes and commonly prescribed individual drugs were identified. Main outcome measures: There were 13 predefined outcome measures: all-cause mortality, sudden cardiac death, suicide, attempted suicide/self-harm, myocardial infarction, stroke/transient ischaemic attack (TIA), falls, fractures, upper gastrointestinal bleeding, epilepsy/seizures, road traffic accidents, adverse drug reactions and hyponatraemia. Results: In total, 60,746 patients were included in the study cohort. Of these, 54,038 (89.0%) received at least one prescription for an antidepressant during follow-up. The associations with the adverse outcomes were significantly different between the classes of antidepressant drugs for seven outcomes. SSRIs were associated with the highest adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) for falls [1.66, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.58 to 1.73] and hyponatraemia (1.52, 95% CI 1.33 to 1.75), and the group of other antidepressants was associated with the highest HRs for all-cause mortality (1.66, 95% CI 1.56 to 1.77), attempted suicide/self-harm (5.16, 95% CI 3.90 to 6.83), stroke/TIA (1.37, 95% CI 1.22 to 1.55), fracture (1.63, 95% CI 1.45 to 1.83) and epilepsy/seizures (2.24, 95% CI 1.60 to 3.15) compared with when antidepressants were not being used. TCAs did not have the highest HR for any of the outcomes. There were also significantly different associations between the individual drugs for seven outcomes, with trazodone, mirtazapine and venlafaxine associated with the highest rates for several of these outcomes. The mean incremental cost (for all antidepressant prescriptions) ranged between £51.58 (amitriptyline) and £641.18 (venlafaxine) over the 5-year post-diagnosis period. Conclusions: This study found associations between use of antidepressant drugs and a number of adverse events in older people. There was no evidence that SSRIs or drugs in the group of other antidepressants were associated with a reduced risk of any of the adverse outcomes compared with TCAs; however, they may be associated with an increased risk for certain outcomes. Among individual drugs trazodone, mirtazapine and venlafaxine were associated with the highest rates for some outcomes. Indication bias and residual confounding may explain some of the study findings. The risks of prescribing antidepressants need to be weighed against the potential benefits of these drugs. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2011. ER  - 
Ethmoid adenocarcinoma - From craniofacial to endoscopic resections: A single-institution experience over 25 years$$$ Objectives. To identify factors that influence hospitalization time, complications, and prognosis of patients with ethmoid adenocarcinoma treated with different surgical techniques. Design. Single-institution retrospective review. Setting. Academic tertiary care center. Patients. Sixty-seven patients with ethmoid adenocarcinoma treated from January 1985 to August 2009 were retrospectively evaluated. Surgical treatment included endoscopic resection (n = 12), endoscopic resection with transnasal craniectomy (n = 17), cranioendoscopic resection (n = 9), external approaches limited to the ethmoid (n = 11), and craniofacial resection (n = 18). Main Outcome Measures. A Cox model was adopted to relate time to death to previous treatment, pT category, grade, and surgical technique. The impact of the same variables on hospitalization time and risk of complications was assessed by linear regression and logistic regression, respectively. Results. The risk of complications increased for pT4a-b lesions (P = .02) and craniofacial resection (P = .01). Hospitalization time increased by 6.3 days for cranioendoscopic resection (P = .03) and by 11.7 days for craniofacial resection (P < .001). Three- and 5-year overall survivals were 68.0% (standard error = 5.8%) and 48.4% (standard error = 6.9%). Three-year survival was 76.62% and 51.81% for previously untreated and treated patients, respectively, and it was 92.98% and 33.33% in patients treated with endoscopic techniques and craniofacial resection, respectively. Multivariate analysis showed that previous treatment (hazard ratio of death = 3.9, P = .01) and craniofacial resection (HR = 5.16, P = .05) were mainly associated with survival. Conclusions. Endoscopic techniques, in properly selected patients, were associated with a favorable oncologic outcome and a statistically significant reduction in both complication rate and hospitalization time. This study supports the role of endoscopic techniques in surgical treatment of ethmoid adenocarcinoma. © American Academy of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery Foundation 2011. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric Syndromes in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus: A Meta-Analysis$$$ Objectives: To assess the prevalence of the 19 neuropsychiatric (NP) syndromes in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients, as defined by the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) in 1999, and better understand the reasons for interstudy variability of prevalence estimates, by performing a meta-analysis of relevant publications. Methods: A literature search from April 1999 to May 2008 was performed to identify studies investigating NP syndromes in patients with definite SLE, applying the 1999 ACR case definitions and having a sample size of at least 30 patients. Excluded were studies that did not relate to all 19 NPSLE syndromes, presented duplicate data, or were irrelevant. Results: Seventeen of 112 identified studies matched the inclusion criteria, reporting on a total of 5057 SLE patients, including 1439 NPSLE patients, with 2709 NPSLE syndromes. In a subanalysis of the 10 higher quality prospective and elicited studies (2049 patients) using the random-effects model, the prevalence of NP syndromes in SLE patients was estimated to be 56.3% (95% CI 42.5%-74.7%), and the most frequent NP syndromes were headache 28.3% (18.2%-44.1%), mood disorders 20.7% (11.5%-37.4%), cognitive dysfunction 19.7% (10.7%-36%), seizures 9.9% (4.8%-20.5%), and cerebrovascular disease 8.0% (4.5%-14.3%), although significant between-study heterogeneity was present (P < 0.05). Autonomic disorder and Guillain-Barré syndrome carried a prevalence of less than 0.1%. No case of plexopathy was reported. Conclusions: NP syndromes were estimated to exist in more than half of SLE patients. The most prevalent manifestations were headache, mood disorders, and cognitive dysfunction. A major limitation of the study was the significant heterogeneity of prevalence estimates between studies. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Maternal reactions to a child with epilepsy: Depression, anxiety, parental attitudes and family functions$$$ Objective: The goal of this study was to investigate how the disease and treatment of epilepsy affected the psychological profile (depression and anxiety) of mothers whose children had epilepsy, as well as these mothers' attitudes towards their children and their family relationships. Methods: Both the case and control groups consisted of 50 children and their mothers. All mothers were asked to complete the Beck Depression Inventory, State-Trait Anxiety Inventory, Parental Attitude Research Instrument and Family Assessment Device. Results: Mothers whose children had epilepsy scored significantly higher in depression and state anxiety compared to the mothers of the control group. The mothers of children diagnosed with epilepsy also failed to develop supportive and friendly relationships with their children. In addition, these mothers scored significantly higher in the Attitude of Hostility and Rejection, Marital Discordance and Authoritarian Attitude as compared to the mothers of the control group. Conclusion: This cross-sectional study demonstrated that, for the mothers of children who had epilepsy, the illness might have an adverse effect on their lives and their family relationships. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Antidepressants for the treatment of depression in neurological disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials$$$ Background: Despite the high prevalence of depression in people with neurological disorders, no previous study has sought to summarise existing evidence on the use of antidepressants in this population. A systematic review and meta-analysis was undertaken to determine whether antidepressants are more effective than placebo in the treatment of depression in neurological disorders, and whether any benefit is associated with improvement in function. Methods: Embase, Pubmed, Psycinfo and Cochrane trial registers were searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the efficacy of antidepressant and placebo in the treatment of depression in adults with a neurological disorder. Findings: 20 RCTs were included in the review, including patients with Parkinson's disease, multiple sclerosis, brain injury, epilepsy and stroke. Outcomes were analysed at four time points: 4-5 weeks, 6-8 weeks, 9-18 weeks and >18 weeks. The primary outcome was response to treatment at 6-8 weeks. The evidence favoured the use of antidepressants over placebo at all time points although pooled results were not statistically significant at all time points. At 6-8 weeks, antidepressant treatment was associated with a greater than twofold odds of remission (OR 2.23; 95% CI 1.54 to 3.23; number needed to treat=7). Fewer data were available for quality of life, and functional and cognitive outcomes, and there was little evidence of improvement with antidepressant treatment. Interpretation: Antidepressants are effective for the treatment of depression in patients with neurological disorders but the evidence for the efficacy of antidepressants in improving quality of life, and functional and cognitive outcomes is inconclusive. ER  - 
The prevalence of atypical presentations and comorbidities of benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes$$$ Purpose: Benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BCECTS) is the most common epileptic syndrome in childhood. The outcome is usually excellent, but there are some atypical forms of BCECTS with less favorable outcomes. The aim of this study was to delineate the frequency of these atypical features among patients with BCECTS. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart study by retrieving the medical records of all consecutive patients with BCECTS who were evaluated in four pediatric neurology outpatient clinics in Israel between the years 1991 and 2008. Key Findings: A total of 196 patients with BCECTS were identified (78 female and 118 male; mean age at time of diagnosis 7.64 years, range 1.5-14). The mean duration of follow-up was 4.43 years (range 2-11). Nine patients (4.6%) developed electrical status epilepticus in slow waves sleep (ESES) during follow-up, four (2%) had Landau-Kleffner syndrome, three (1.5%) had BCECTS with frequent refractory seizures, two (1%) had BCECTS with falls at presentation, one (0.5%) had a "classic" atypical variant, and one (0.5%) had oromotor dysfunction. None had rolandic status epilepticus. Sixty-one patients (31%) had attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), 43 (21.9%) had specific cognitive deficits, and 23 (11.7%) had behavioral abnormalities, including aggressiveness, anxiety disorders, depression, and pervasive developmental disorder (PDD). Significance: The prevalence of most atypical forms of BCECTS other than ESES is low. There is, however, a high prevalence of ADHD and specific cognitive deficits among patients with BCECTS. © 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Hospitalization for psychiatric disorders before and after onset of unprovoked seizures$$$ Purpose: To study hospitalization for psychiatric disorders before and after onset of unprovoked seizures. Method: In this population-based case-control study, the cases were 1885 persons from Stockholm with new onset unprovoked seizures from September 1, 2000 until the August 31, 2008. Controls, in total 15080, were randomly selected from the register of the Stockholm County population. Exposure was defined as a hospital discharge diagnosis using ICD codes from the Swedish Hospital Discharge Registry. Odds ratios (OR) were calculated to assess the risk of developing unprovoked seizures before and after a psychiatric diagnosis (depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder or psychosis). Result: The age-adjusted OR (95% CI) for unprovoked seizures after a hospital discharge diagnosis of psychiatric disorders combined was 2.7 (2.0-3.6), and slightly higher for the subgroup of patients with cryptogenic/idiopathic etiology. The risk of developing unprovoked seizures was highest <2 years before and up to 2 years after a first psychiatric diagnosis. The population attributable risk percent (PAR%) for psychiatric disorders and the risk of developing seizures was 2.4%. Conclusion: The increased prevalence of psychiatric comorbidity relatively closely preceding and succeeding seizure onset points to a bidirectional relationship and indicates common underlying mechanisms for psychiatric disorders and epilepsy. ER  - 
Rolandic spikes and benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS) in children diagnosed with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)$$$ Purpose: This retrospective study investigated the frequency of rolandic spikes and BECTS in children diagnosed with ADHD, their relationships to ADHD types, and compared them with a historic control group of normal school-aged children. Method: Subjects were 607 children with ADHD (82.4% male), aged between 5 and 14 years, mean 9.4 + 2.5, who were diagnosed at our Hospital between January 2000 and December 2005. At least one routine digitized EEG during wakefulness was performed on 517 patients. A previous history of epileptic seizures (ESz) had 14 patients. Results: EA were recorded in the EEGs of 39 children (28 boys and 11 girls), 16 (41%) had ADHD-inattentive type. Of 39 cases with EA, 12 had previous history of ESz and of these 12 cases, 4 (33%) had ADHDinattentive type. Rolandic spikes were registered in nine cases (1.7%; eight boys and one girl). It was not different than expected from control group in healthy children. Two patients had previous history of BECTS and both of them had ADHD-combined type. Of seven patients with rolandic spikes without previous history of ESz, 3 (43%) had ADHD-inattentive type. Conclusion: Rolandic spikes and BECTS are common in children diagnosed with ADHD as in healthy children. ADHD children with EA had a larger proportion of ADHD-inattentive type independent of a history of epilepsy. The group with rolandic spike and previous history of BECTS had a trend toward ADHD-combined type, but group without previous history of ESz had more often ADHD-inattentive type. ER  - 
Peri-ictal heart rate variability in subjects with partial epilepsy$$$ Rationale: Heart rate variability (HRV) is a useful tool in the evaluation of the autonomic nervous system and decreased HRV measures have been found to be negative prognostic markers of cardiovascular mortality. Autonomic effects on heart rate have been well documented during seizures, and some of these changes have been implicated as plausible mechanisms of SUDEP. This study compares peri-ictal HRV in patients with partial epilepsy and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. Methods: This is a retrospective study of patients evaluated at our epilepsy monitoring unit during 2009. Subjects with a diagnosis of partial epilepsy or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) were included. Subjects with PNES were used as the control group. Timedomain measures of HRV were calculated during the pre-ictal and ictal periods using ten-second electrocardiogram recordings. The values for the standard deviation of all RR intervals (SDNN) and the root-meansquare successive difference (r-MSSD) were obtained using the Kubios 2.0 software. Differences between age, gender, pre-ictal HRV and ictal HRV were assessed using a Wilcoxon rank-sum test. P-values < 0.05 were regarded as statistically significant. Results: Twenty-two patients were included, 12 patients had PNES and 10 subjects had partial epilepsy (5 with temporal lobe epilepsy: TLE). No significant differences (pe' 0.05) in age or gender were found between the two study groups. During the pre-ictal or ictal period, no significant differences in HRV were found between the subjects with partial epilepsy and PNES. However, during the ictal period, subjects with TLE had significantly lower measures of SDNN (p<0.045) and r- MSSD (p<0.018) when compared to subjects with PNES. Conclusions: In this study, we found decreased HRV measures in seizures originating from the temporal lobe compared to psychogenic events confirmed by video EEG. Our results suggest that decreased ictal HRV in patients with TLE is not solely due to psychological apprehension towards an upcoming seizure. Significant changes in HRV may be seen more frequently in TLE than other types of partial epilepsy due to the proximity of the temporal lobe to the insular cortex, which may exert influences on cardiovascular autonomic control. At present, it is unknown whether decreased HRV measures are a risk factor for SUDEP in patients with intractable epilepsy. This deserves further investigation and prospective studies, since the development of useful clinical markers for the detection of patients at risk of SUDEP may help guide therapeutic interventions in the future. We are actively recruiting patients for this study. ER  - 
Lacosamide in Canada: A pre-marketing, observational study$$$ Rationale: Lacosamide (LCM) is a new anti-seizure drug with a novel mode of action (slow sodium channel blockade), approved in the US, Europe and other countries but not yet in Canada, as adjunct therapy for focal-onset seizures. Canadian Health authorities allow the use of drugs yet to be approved or not marketed in Canada through a Special Access Program (SAP). This requires a physician's submission to Health Canada and the company responsible for the manufacturing of the drug on a per-patient basis, allowing for accurate monitoring of drug distribution, reporting of side effects and efficacy. Drug companies provide the drug free of cost pending approval. Clinical trials often do not reflect “real-world” practices. Assessing the performance of LCM as utilized by a group of epileptologists of different backgrounds and dealing with diverse patient populations provides a unique opportunity to evaluate this drug outside the rarefied structure of a clinical trial. Methods: The drug manufacturer (UCB Canada) was approached to provide the names of practitioners requesting LCM through the SAP. All patients registered in SAP were compiled and their epileptologists contacted to provide details of age, gender, length of therapy, seizure types, response to treatment, side effects (SEs) and type of imaging changes. Results: Of 57 patients in the SAP, 47 have received LCM for a minimum of 1 month and a maximum of 8. There are 28 females. Age range is 10-63 (median 27.5). Two were on 1 additional AED, 16 on 2, 14 on 3 and 17 on 4 or more. Eight patients have had a surgical procedure and 13 have a VNS device. Forty-two percent had normal MRI. Seizure frequency ranged between 1 - 600 seizures/month (mean: 43). Eight patients had partial complex as the only seizure type. The average dose of LCM is 300 mg/day (50-600). Eight patients experienced no improvement. Only 2 discontinued treatment due to SEs (one with panic attacks and the other due to nausea, headache and dizziness) and 2 due to inefficacy. Four are up-titrating. Thirteen patients experienced a >50% improvement (2 seizure-free). The remainder had some improvement or are still up-titrating. SEs were reported by 50%, generally transient, mostly dizziness, sedation, nausea and headache. Conclusions: In this highly refractory group of patients of varying ages and etiologies, LCM provided worthwhile improvement in 25% (2 patients seizure-free). SEs were common but usually transient and well tolerated. Some patients derived benefit in doses as low as 50 mg/day. The observational study is ongoing to collect a larger cohort and follow up over longer period. Aggregate data will be added to this report. ER  - 
Early experience with lacosamide: Real practice versus trial results. how do they compare?$$$ Rationale: FDA approval of Lacosamide (LAC) for adjunctive therapy in patients > 17 years occurred in USA mid-2009. A new AED had not been available since 2000 and many patients were candidates for LAC. We reviewed our early experience with LAC as used in our Level 4 epilepsy center practice. Methods: Charts of adult patients who were started on LAC from June 2009 to May 2010 were reviewed retrospectively, including clinic notes and laboratory results. Data abstracted included: age, seizure type, IQ, concomitant AEDs, titration schedule, final dose, serum AED levels, seizure control, adverse events. Results: The first sixty patients were included in this early review; 3 had been in phase 3 trial with LAC. Patients were between ages 18-63. IQs were >90 in 17 (N), between 70-90 (LN) in 19; and <70 in 24 (LIQ). Seizure types were partial with or without secondary generalization in 55, primary generalized in 3 and mixed in 2. Doses were 100-800 mg/day. Co-medications were 1-4 other AEDs. Typically titration began at 25-50 mg per day, response assessed at 200 mg per/ day, and increases made by response to therapy. Five (8%) discontinued treatment: 1 for non-efficacy and 4 for adverse events (AEs). AEs included dizziness, nausea, vomiting, confusion, diplopia or blurred vision. These occurred in 15 patients. Eleven were on an AED with purported Na channel mechanism of action and 4 were on FBM. Two experienced weight increase. One reported depression, paranoia and panic. LAC blood levels ranged from 1.8-18.2 ug/ml, when available. There was no clear correlation between AE occurence and serum LAC level. Three patients (5%) were seizure-free; 31 (52%) reported improved seizure control of at least 50% (responder group), 13 (27%) reported they were worse but only 4(7%)of these patients were worse due to seizures being worse, the other 9 having AEs. No notable change in seizures was reported in 13 (21%). In LIQ group of 24, 17 were responders (72%). In the responder group as a whole, doses were 200- 700 mg/day with levels between 2.7-14.2 ug/ml. In the responder group, the median level was 9 ug/ml with median dose of 400, mean 380 mg/ day. Side effects were reported at doses between 200-500 mg/day and LAC levels of 1.8-14.1 ug/ml. Conclusions: LAC is added easily to most AED regimens. AEDs which act at the sodium channel may need to be down-titrated as LAC is added in order to reduce AEs and improve tolerability. Therapeutic efficacy in the group as a whole surpassed the phase 3 trial results with cognitively challenged individuals having an even greater response than the RR 40-46% at 400 mg/day in the trials. ER  - 
Population-based prevalence and incidence of epilepsy in Washington, DC$$$ Rationale: Epilepsy affects almost 2% of the U.S. population, however few studies provide prevalence estimates for low-income and minority populations. Using a multi-mode data collection model, we sought to determine epilepsy prevalence estimates for subgroups in Washington, DC, a racially and socio-economically diverse community. Methods: Probability-based sampling was used to select 20,000 DC addresses. Sample households were asked to complete a short screener by mail or web, and later by phone, regarding demographics and epilepsy status of each resident. Nonrespondents were contacted again and offered an increase in incentive to complete the screener. Respondents of all ages with a history of epilepsy were sent a questionnaire which asked about their seizures, treatment, and comorbidities. Screener data were weighted using the March 2009 supplement of the Census Bureau's Current Population Survey to reflect the entire DC population of 581,847. Results: 6,447 households representing 12,894 individuals (10,753 adults and 2,141 children) responded to the screener for a response rate of 35% after adjusting for undeliverable mail. Individuals were 39% White, 47% Black, 6% Hispanic, and 8% Other race/ethnicity. 208 (174 adults and 34 children) cases with a history of epilepsy were identified. Of these, 69% reported having a seizure disorder but not epilepsy. The overall weighted prevalence of epilepsy was 1.8%, active epilepsy was 0.9% and incidence of epilepsy was 64/100,000. Blacks had a higher prevalence (2.4%) than Whites (1.0%, p<.001) and a higher incidence (109/100,000) compared to Whites (34/100,000, p<.001). The incidence of epilepsy was bi-modal with the highest rate in children <3 years of age and a lower rate of new cases in the elderly. Adult residents living in DC for <3 years had a prevalence of 0.9% compared to 2.0% for those living in DC for >3 years. Prevalence was inversely related to education in both Blacks and Whites (p<.0001). Full questionnaires were obtained from 121 (58%) of the cases. 46% were currently taking an AED. Notable co-morbidities included depression (29%), attention problems (15%), memory problems (20%), stroke (10%), alcohol dependence (13%), anxiety (25%), and developmental impairment (12%). 29% of adult cases were unemployed or unable to work and 27% reported that seizures or epilepsy affected their ability to work or keep a job. Conclusions: Epilepsy prevalence in Washington, DC varies significantly by race and education. Overall, residents with a history of seizures are unfamiliar with the word epilepsy even though almost half are currently taking a medication for their seizures. Adult residents that are more native to DC have a higher prevalence of epilepsy than those new to the city, suggesting a “healthy mover” effect. However, in this cross-sectional study we cannot conclude whether epilepsy discourages relocation or whether both are confounded by race, education, income, and/or access to health care. Similar to other studies, we found that people living with epilepsy in DC are significantly affected by comorbidities related to brain function and by unemployment. ER  - 
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: A safe treatment for depression in children with refractory epilepsy$$$ Rationale: Treatment for depression in children with epilepsy is often neglected, partly because of concerns related to the use of antidepressive drugs, especially in patients with refractory epilepsy. The aims of the following study were: to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) in the treatment of depressive symptoms in children and adolescents with epilepsy. Methods: A retrospective study was carried out by revision of a database and systematic analysis of medical records of 53 children and adolescents with a diagnosis of epilepsy and depression. We excluded from the study patients with other psychiatric disorders, with poor treatment adherence and those with problems in quantifying frequency of epileptic seizures. Worsening of seizure frequency was related to use of SSRI when occurring in up to three months after either its introduction or titration. We evaluated the effectiveness of SSRI treatment according to psychiatric assessments of the patient and judgments made by close family members. Results: Out of 53 children and adolescents included in the study 69,8% either presented incomplete seizure control or were on antiepileptic drug (AED) polytherapy. Seizure frequency worsening occurred in 2 patients (3.8%), one of which seizure remission was obtained after increase in AED dosage. Improvement of depressive symptoms with SSRI use was observed in 96% of all patients (52/53) and a total remission of depression in 62,3% (33/53).Adverse effects occurred in 09 patients (17%), of which some with more than one adverse effect. Adverse effects were: skin rash in 3,8%, gastrointestinal discomfort in 3,8%, weight loss in 3,8%, drowsiness in 3,8%, nocturnal enuresis in 1,9%, hematological disorders in 1,9%, and irritability in 1,9%. Treatment was discontinued in 12 patients due to adverse effects (11, 3%), partial or total inefficacy (7.5%), poor treatment adherence (1.9%) and worsening of epileptic seizures (1.9%). In seven out of these patients, the change for other SSRI lead to remission of adverseeffects or efficacy improvement. Conclusions: In our group of children and adolescents with epilepsy and depression, SSRI were considered as a satisfactory therapeutic option, when considering its efficacy in the remission of depressive symptoms, relatively few adverse effects and very rarely seizure worsening. Therefore, when taking into account the greater incidence of symptomatic epilepsy in children, with frequent seizures, when compared to the adult population, SSRI may be considered as a safe and effective therapeutic option. ER  - 
Independent predictors of anxiety disorders in temporal lobe epilepsy: A cross-sectional study$$$ Rationale: Neuropsychiatric disorders are comorbidity in epilepsy. However, few studies have evaluating independent risk factors for anxiety disorders in epilepsy. In this study we identify independent risk factors for anxiety disorders in temporal lobe epilepsy. Methods: Cross-sectional study of 124 patients with temporal lobe epilepsy. All patients were submitted to Structured Clinical Interview for DSM Disorders (SCID) for psychiatric evaluation. Additionally, all patients were also submitted to an additional structured interview to collect variables associated with epilepsy or neuropsychiatric disorders. We review medical records of patients like age, gender, family history of epilepsy and psychiatric disorders, duration of epilepsy, control of seizures, presence of aura, history of initial precipitant insults, abuse of substances, neuroimaging and interictal EEG features. Results: In our study, thirty patients (24% of the total of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy) had anxiety disorders. Generalized anxiety disorder was the most frequent anxiety disorder observed, encountered in 40% of patients with anxiety disorders. Phobias were present in 36% of patients, panic disorders or panic attacks were observed in of 23% of patients, posttraumatic stress disorders were observed in 13% of patients and obsessive-compulsive disorder was present in10% of patients with anxiety disorders. Using univariated analysis we observed that being a woman, having positive family history of psychiatric disorders and having a life-time history of humor disorder were significantly associated with an increased risk for affective disorders in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy. After logistic regression, positive family history of psychiatric disorders (O.R=3.47; 95% CI=1.32-9.09; p=0.01 ) and a life-time diagnosis of humor disorder (O.R=2.70; 95% CI=1.05-6.94; p=0.04) remained isolated risk factor for anxiety disorder in temporal lobe epilepsy. Sex (woman) showed a statistical trend for being a risk factor for anxiety disorder in temporal lobe epilepsy (O.R=2.88; 95% CI=0.94-8.57; p=0.06). In our study an algorithm constructed based in the binary logistic regression model was able to predict correctly the presence or absence of a lifetime anxiety disorder in 77.4% of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy. Conclusions: Our results are in line with some studies published previously. However, we identified a positive family history of psychiatric disorders, a positive history of humor disorder, and possibly sex (being a woman) as independent predictors of anxiety disorders in temporal lobe epilepsy. Further studies are necessary to better understand how these factors merge together to generate anxiety disorders in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy. ER  - 
Depression in mothers in the 24 months following a diagnosis of epilepsy in their children: Survival analysis and risk factors$$$ Rationale: Previous research suggests that 12-49% of mothers caring for children with epilepsy are at risk for clinical depression based on self-report measures of depressive symptoms. The objectives of this research were to: 1) prospectively examine the onset of depression in mothers of children newly diagnosed with epilepsy and 2) identify risk factors for mothers developing depression during the 24-month following epilepsy diagnosis in their children. Methods: Data were obtained from the Health Related Quality of Life in Children with Epilepsy Study (HERQULES), a national prospective study of children 4-12 years old with new-onset epilepsy followed for 24 months. Maternal (age, parity, marital status, education, employment, depressive symptoms), child (age, sex, family history, seizure type, epilepsy classification, duration, medication use, severity, health-related quality of life), and family (functioning, resources, demands, perception of family-centred care, income) variables were examined using mother and neurologist report at baseline, 6, 12, and 24 months. Maternal depression was defined as scoring at or above the threshold for clinical depression (e″16) on the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D). Depression-free survival was calculated using the life table approach for discrete time whereby mothers depressed at baseline were left-censored. Binary sequence modeling for longitudinal data incorporating the Markovian condition (effect of prior status on current status) was implemented to identify risk factors for maternal depression during the follow-up. Results: Of 338 mothers who agreed to participate in the study, 38% were depressed at baseline and thus excluded from the survival analysis. By 24 months, 70% of mothers who were not depressed at baseline had not experienced the onset of depression. The probability of onset of depression and associated 95% confidence intervals by 6, 12, and 24 months was 0.13 (0.08, 0.18), 0.12 (0.07, 0.17), and 0.19 (0.10, 0.27), respectively. Of those experiencing onset of depression at baseline, 6, and 12 months, 26%, 12%, and 32% were still depressed at 24 months, respectively. Accounting for prior depression status, risk factors for developing depression during follow-up were maternal age (OR=0.94, p=0.012), number of anti-epileptic drugs child was prescribed (OR=1.41, p=0.004), family functioning (OR=0.83, p<0.001), family resources (OR=0.93, p<0.001), and family demands (OR=1.10, p=0.001). Conclusions: This study is the first to prospectively document depression in mothers of children with newly diagnosed epilepsy. Over one-third of mothers are at risk for clinical depression when their child is diagnosed with epilepsy and the probability of developing depression after epilepsy diagnosis is relatively stable over time. Given that several of the risk factors identified for maternal depression are modifiable, it is important to consider these as potential targets for clinical intervention to improve the mental health of mothers of children with epilepsy over first 24 months after diagnosis. ER  - 
Characteristics of patients with first seizure$$$ Introduction: 150,000 adults have a first seizure a year, of which 40 to 50% develop epilepsy. Seizures are triggered by epilepsy, tumors, and stroke, and vasculitis, metabolic or infectious diseases. Is essential a complete medical history, clinical examination and screening studies for the differential diagnosis. Objectives: To describe the epidemiology, clinical and screening studies of adults with a first seizure. Method: 1-year retrospective study that compiled demographic, clinical and screening studies for these patients. Results: 24 patients, 60% female, mean age 41 ± 18 years. Background: cardiovascular diseases (25%), Diabetes mellitus (21%), head trauma (17%), alcoholism (17%), Eritematous Systemic Lupus (12%), renal failure (8%), syncope (4%) and family history of epilepsy (3%). Nobody had history of febrile seizures. Generalized seizures occurred in 54%. Seizures duration: 3.6 ± 2 min. One patient had status epilepticus (SE). Clinical manifestations: motor (67%), unresponsiveness (46%), sensory (17%), loss of consciousness (8%), psychiatric (8%), dizziness 8% and blurred vision (4%). The neurological examination was abnormal in 29%: 17% had manifestations of Parkinson disease, Stroke or peripheral neuropathy. The etiology was: symptomatic remote (46%), symptomatic acute (37%) and cryptogenic (17%)]. Etiology of symptomatic remote was: Stroke (25%), neuroinfections 12% (Toxoplasmosis, neurocysticercosis and meningoencephalitis), systemic infections (4%), neuroglial cyst (4%), vascular malformation (4%), cerebral hemorrhage (4%), brain abscess (4%) and vasculitis (4%). The imaging study (IS) was performed in 96% 74% was abnormal: focal lesions (56%), diffuse lesions (13%) and unspecified (4%). The EEG was abnormal in 67%: focal epileptiform activity (33%), generalized slowing (16%), focal slowing (12%) and nonspecific findings (4%). Discussion and conclusion: There were more seizures in middle-aged woman. The main backgrounds were: chronic degenerative diseases, head trauma and alcoholism. Family history of epilepsy was low. Generalized seizures lasting < 5 min were predominant. The main manifestations were motor and unresponsiveness. Most were symptomatic possibly because our hospital is a reference center, and the main origins were stroke and neuroinfections. Neurological examination was abnormal in 33%. The incidence of SE was low. Abnormalities in IS were higher when compared to 10% reported in literature. The main abnormality was focal lesion. EEG presented a high percentage of abnormalities compared to 23% reported by other authors and the main activity was the focal epileptiform. ER  - 
Rates of spontaneous reports of adverse drug reactions for drugs reported in children: A cross-sectional study with data from the swedish adverse drug reaction database and the swedish prescribed drug register$$$ Background: Knowledge of drug safety is limited in the paediatric population, especially for drugs not used as labelled. Spontaneous reporting of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) may be an important source for increased knowledge, but the extent of the overall rate of reporting in children is not known. Objective: The main objective of the study was to determine the extent of the spontaneous reporting of ADRs in children with a focus on drugs not used as labelled; this involved investigations of reporting rates of individual case safety reports (ICSRs) per 1000 treated individuals for drugs reported in children, to compare these between drugs labelled and not labelled for use in children, and to compare the rates for children with those of adults. Methods: ICSRs (extracted from the Swedish ADR database) and number of treated individuals (extracted from the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register) were analysed for a 2-year period (20067). For drugs with one or more ICSR regarding children, rates of ICSRs per 1000 treated individuals were determined and compared between children (<18 years of age) and adults (18 years of age). Reported drugs for which >10% of the volume was sold over-the-counter or for in-hospital use were excluded. The overall reporting ratio of aggregated ICSRs per 1000 treated individuals was calculated between drugs not labelled and drugs labelled for use in children, separately for children and adults. The overall reporting ratio was also calculated between children and adults, separately for drugs labelled and drugs not labelled for use in children. Results: A total of 255 (children) and 1402 (adults) ICSRs concerning 94 drugs were included in the analysis. Seventy-four (29%) and 711 (51%) ICSRs in children and adults, respectively, were registered as serious (p < 0.00001, twosided test of proportions). For drugs reported in three or more ICSRs regarding children, the rates of ICSRs per 1000 treated individuals varied between (range) 0.016.45 (children) and 0.016.39 (adults). For 17 of the drugs (18%) the rates of ICSRs per treated individual were significantly higher for children than for adults, and for 2 of the drugs (2%) the result was the opposite. The overall comparison of aggregated ICSRs per 1000 treated children revealed a higher reporting rate for drugs not labelled than for drugs labelled for children: rate ratio 3.44 (95% CI 2.67, 4.43); p < 0.00001. The corresponding result for adults was 1.52 (95% CI 1.37, 1.68); p < 0.00001. The overall reporting rate of aggregated ICSRs per 1000 treated individuals was higher in children than adults for drugs not labelled for children: rate ratio 2.01 (95% CI 1.61, 2.51); p < 0.00001. Conclusions: The results of the present study indicate that the extent of the reporting of ADRs is greater for drugs not labelled for children than for drugs labelled for children. For these drugs, the extent of the reporting is greater for children than for adults. Thus, healthcare personnel willingly report ADRs in children, especially ADRs for drugs used outside the terms of the product licence. The finding is reassuring since there are few other sources for knowledge of paediatric drug safety. Important limitations of the study are (i) only a few ICSRs were registered for most drugs, thus giving each ICSR a strong impact on the rates for individual drugs; and (ii) the results of the present study apply only to the drugs included in the analysis. © 2011 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Incidence of and risk factors for seizures after myelography performed with iohexol in dogs: 503 cases (2002-2004)$$$ Objective-To establish the incidence of and risk factors for seizures following myelography performed with iohexol in dogs. Design-Retrospective case series. Animals-503 dogs. Procedures-Medical records were searched for dogs that underwent myelography between April 2002 and December 2004. Data extracted included body weight, breed, age, sex, volume and dose of iohexol, site of injections, location of lesion, duration of anesthesia, surgical procedures immediately after myelography, use of acepromazine, and presence or absence of seizures. Results-15 (3%) dogs had postmyelographic seizures. Risk factors significantly associated with seizures were size of dogs (large dogs were 35.35 times as likely to have seizures as were small dogs), location of contrast medium injection (dogs in which iohexol was injected into the cerebellomedullary cistern were 7.4 times as likely to have seizures as were dogs in which iohexol was injected into the lumbar cistern), location of lesion (dogs with lesions at the level of the cervical portion of the vertebral column were 4.65 times as likely to develop seizures as were dogs with lesions in other regions), and total volume of iohexol. Mean ± SD total volume of iohexol was 11.73 ± 5.52 mL (median, 10.5 mL [range, 3.0 to 21.0 mL]) for dogs that had seizures and 4.57 ± 4.13 mL (median, 3.5 mL [range, 0.75 to 45.0 mL]) for those that did not. Conclusions and Clinical Relevance-Large-breed dogs with cervical lesions and large volumes of iohexol injected into the cerebellomedullary cistern had the highest risk of seizures. The use of contrast medium volumes > 8 mL in large dogs should be avoided, with preference given to injections into the lumbar cistern. ER  - 
Drug safety evaluation of zonisamide for the treatment of epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Zonisamide is a broad spectrum antiepileptic drug with multiple mechanisms of action which has been recently approved in the US and Europe as an adjunctive therapy for refractory partial seizures in adults. Areas covered: The adverse effect profile of this drug from controlled, randomized studies and open and long-term studies and case reports is described herein. Expert opinion: Zonisamide has several CNS dose-dependent, metabolic and idiosyncratic adverse effects. Knowledge of these effects is essential for the prevention or minimization of several of them. For example, treatment-emergent adverse events may be prevented by slow titration; incidence of kidney stones may be reduced through an increase in fluid intake and avoidance of concomitant treatment with topiramate and/or ketogenic diet; and oligohydrosis may be prevented by hydratation and avoidance of hot temperatures. An accurate selection of patients can be useful for the prevention of some adverse effects. Psychiatric disturbances are mainly observed in predisposed subjects and patients with a previous allergic episode to sulfonamide-containing drugs are at a higher risk for developing a skin rash. © Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Childhood refractory focal epilepsy following acute febrile encephalopathy$$$ Background: We describe a group of previously normal children who developed severe focal epilepsy after an acute/sub-acute illness resembling encephalitis. Methods: This is a retrospective study. An acute phase (encephalitis/encephalopathy period) and a chronic phase (chronic focal resistant epilepsy) were defined. Results: Eight patients were enrolled. The median age at onset was 6.6 years (range 8months-17.6years). In the acute phase, fever was the first symptom in all cases and was associated with seizures and status epilepticus. All patients had focal seizures arising in both hemispheres. Seizure onset occurred in the frontal and temporal regions. EEGs showed slowing background activity associated with focal or diffuse slow waves with rare epileptiform abnormalities. Cerebrospinal fluid oligoclonal bands were observed in four out of six patients tested. MRI images showed bilateral peri-insular hyperintensity in four cases. Five patients received corticosteroids, and in four cases, they were given along with intravenous immunoglobulins. The median duration of the acute phase was 19days (range 15-30days). During the chronic phase, which followed the acute phase without interval, patients presented with drug-resistant focal seizures and neuropsychological deficits, which ranged from hyperactivity and attention deficits to short-term verbal memory deficit, pervasive developmental disorders, and language delay. Conclusion: Considering the clinical presentations, EEG findings, and the associated occurrence of non-specific immunological activations, a possible immune-mediated pathogenesis can be hypothesized, although firm conclusions cannot be drawn out. © 2010 The Author(s). European Journal of Neurology © 2010 EFNS. ER  - 
Operative treatment of subcortical metastatic tumours in the central region$$$ The operative treatment of subcortical metastatic tumours within the paracentral area is still under discussion. Against the background of possible new postoperative neurological deficits and of evolving new radio oncological techniques, the indication for surgery is limited only to a subgroup of patients. In this retrospective study we present the clinical results after operative treatment of metastases within the central and paracentral brain region, with an emphasis on the short-term and mid-term functional outcome. We report on 20 patients suffering from subcortical brain metastases within the primary sensorimotor area, with a median volume on MRI-scans of 8.18 cm3. Patients were admitted to our department with a progressive hemiparesis (n = 11), focal seizures (n = 6) or other unspecific symptoms (n = 3) like headache, nausea, and neuropsychological disturbances, respectively. After updated MRI- and fMRI-scanning, intensive electrophysiological testing including MEP-brain mapping and interdisciplinary tumour-board discussion of each case, those patients were evaluated for surgery. Early postoperative control was done by MRI within the first 48 h. Follow-up took place in our outpatient department, assessing clinical criteria two and 6 weeks postoperatively, followed by clinical control and MRI-scans every 3 months. In all patients, surgery was performed under general anaesthesia, cranial neuro navigation and intraoperative motor cortex stimulation. Surgery and the early postoperative course were uneventful in all cases. After a 6 months follow-up, two patients had died. The motor deficits improved in seven patients and remained unchanged in four cases. One patient suffered from a new persistent hemiparesis. A temporary paresis occurred in two cases. In five patients there was no motor deficit pre- and postoperatively. The Karnofsky Performance Status improved in ten patients 6 months after surgery. Quality of Life, measured by the FACT-Br score, improved in 12 patients and remained unchanged in one patient. With modern techniques like fMRI-guided cranial neuronavigation and intraoperative neuromonitoring including direct stimulation of the motor cortex, microsurgical resection of subcortical paracentral metastases is feasible with an acceptable risk of neurological deterioration. Even preexistent deficits can improve with positive influence on the quality of life for oncological patients, being disabled by the symptoms caused by the cerebral lesion. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Management outcome of the transcallosal, transforaminal approach to colloid cysts of the anterior third ventricle: An analysis of 78 cases$$$ Background: Colloid cysts are not common brain lesions and account for 0.2-2.0% of all brain lesions. Transcallosal, transforaminal approach is a safe route and the most direct path to excise third ventricular colloid cyst, without dependence on hydrocephalus. Aim: To assess the surgical outcome of patients with colloid cysts of the anterior third ventricle treated by the transcallosal, transforaminal approach. Patients and Methods: Seventy-eight patients operated by the above approach over a period of 20 years were analyzed. A pre-and postoperative neurological assessment was done in all the patients. Neuro-cognitive evaluation of corpus callosum function was done in the last 20 patients. Computer tomography scan of the brain was done in all patients pre-and postoperatively. Results: Clinical features of raised intracranial pressure without localizing signs were the commonest presenting feature in 52 (66.7%) patients. Hydrocephalus was present in 65 (83.3%) patients. All patients underwent the transcallosal, transforaminal approach, and total excision of the lesion was achieved in 77 patients and subtotal in 1. Four patients required a postoperative shunt for acute hydrocephalus. There was no incidence of postoperative disconnection syndrome. In two patients, there was recurrence of the lesion after 2 and 6 years, respectively. Two patients died in the postoperative period. Conclusion: Colloid cyst is surgically curable. Early detection and total excision of the lesion can be a permanent cure with low mortality and minimum morbidity, when compared to the natural history of the disease. The limited anterior callosotomy does not result in disconnection syndromes or behavioral disturbance. ER  - 
Long-term management$$$ An important component of the long-term treatment of patients who have suffered a stroke is managing sequelae, including swallowing difficulties, depression, spasticity, dry mouth and excessive saliva production. Another key consideration is the prevention of secondary vascular events. For all types of stroke, good control of blood pressure reduces the risk of subsequent strokes. For patients who have suffered an ischaemic stroke, anti-platelet therapy (or anticoagulation in specific circumstances, such as for patients with atrial fibrillation) and cholesterol reduction are also important for secondary prevention. ER  - 
Cognitive effects of tumour and surgical treatment in glioma patients$$$ Quality of life in brain tumour patients is an emerging issue and has prompted neurosurgeons to reconsider the need for cognitive assessment in the course of treatment. In particular, to date there has been a lack of comprehensive neuropsychological assessment performed preoperatively and in the acute postoperative period. We examined 29 patients with glioma, analysing several functional domains - intelligence, executive functions, memory, language, praxis, gnosis and mood state - in order to establish the effect of tumour and surgery on cognition. At baseline, using test- and domain-based criteria, 79% and 38% of patients, respectively, were impaired, the former related to tumour factors such as oedema (P < 0.05), larger size (P < 0.05) and higher grade (P = 0.001). Verbal memory, visuospatial memory and word fluency were the most frequently affected functions, partly associated with depression. Postoperatively, again using test- and domain-based criteria, 38% and 55% of patients, respectively, were unchanged, 24% and 21% improved, and 38% and 24% worsened; 24% and 62% of patients were intact, respectively. The extent of removal did not influence the outcome. Improvement involved previously impaired functions and was correlated with high-grade tumours. Worsening regarded executive functions was related to tumour size and was partly explained by radiological findings on postoperative magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). This preliminary study, focussing on the effects of tumour and surgery, showed that tumour significantly affects cognitive functions, mainly due to the mass effect and higher grading. Surgical treatment improved the functions most frequently affected preoperatively and caused worsening of executive functions soon after operation, leaving the overall cognitive burden unchanged and capable of improvement prospectively. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
The delivery mode and seasonal variation are associated with the development of postpartum depression$$$ Introduction: Previous studies have indicated that mode of delivery and/or season of delivery might be risk factors for postpartum depression (PD). However, only a few studies have provided support for this supposition. This study aim was to confirm the association between mode of delivery and/or season of delivery and PD. Methods: We analyzed 2003-2006 Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD). A group of 2107 mothers who were diagnosed with PD within 6 months of delivery in 2005 were selected as the case group and another 8428 mothers without PD during the same timeframe were selected as the control group. Logistic regression was performed after controlling for age, antepartum comorbidities and postpartum complications to confirm the degree of association with the risk of PD. Results: The results of the logistic regression analysis showed that the risk of acquiring PD was lower in mothers with a normal vaginal delivery or an instrumental vaginal delivery compared to mothers with an emergency caesarean section (odds ratio [OR] = 0.67, p < 0.0001; OR = 0.56, p < 0.0001). But the women who elected to have a caesarean section was higher risk than an emergency caesarean section (OR = 1.48, p = 0.0168). In addition, the risk of PD for winter deliveries was higher compared to other seasons. Conclusions: This study provides a reference for gynecologists, obstetricians and health providers that should help with the prevention of PD among pregnant women and mothers. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Sociodemographics, clinical features, and psychiatric comorbidities of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: Experience at a specialized epilepsy center in Turkey$$$ Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNESs) or pseudoseizures are known to have psychiatric comorbidities. In the present retrospective analysis, we examined the sociodemographics, clinical characteristics, and psychiatric diagnoses of patients with PNESs. Our aim is to demonstrate the contribution of the consulting psychiatrists to the presumed psychiatric diagnoses of the neurologists. We used data from long-term video EEG monitoring (LVEM) performed at a specialized epilepsy center in Turkey. The study group comprised 67 patients (mean age: 30 years, 75% female) diagnosed with PNESs following LVEM of approximately 5 days' duration. Two hundred thirty-three episodes were recorded. Most of the patients experienced a PNES on the first day. All of the patients were taking antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) at the time of admission; 56.7% were taking antidepressant (AD) drugs. All of the PNES patients were diagnosed with conversion disorder by both the neurologists and the psychiatrists. Most of the PNES patients were using multiple AEDs. Cooperation between neurologists and psychiatrists and ongoing education for both neurologists and psychiatrists about PNES are needed in appropriate diagnosing and management of patients with PNES. © 2011 British Epilepsy Association. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Analogy between psychosis antedating epilepsy and epilepsy antedating psychosis$$$ Purpose: Patients with recurrent epileptic seizures after the development of psychosis (Psychosis-Epilepsy) have been regarded as belonging to a different clinical entity from those with epilepsy antedating the development of psychosis (Epilepsy-Psychosis). However, clinical characteristics of patients with Psychosis-Epilepsy have not been well described, except for early German studies. We aimed to estimate the reliability of distinction between Psychosis-Epilepsy and Epilepsy-Psychosis by comparing their clinical characteristics. Methods: Among 312 patients with epilepsy and psychosis enrolled in this multicenter study, 23 patients had Psychosis-Epilepsy and 289 patients had Epilepsy-Psychosis (i.e., interictal psychosis). Demographic (i.e., sex, age at time of evaluation, and intellectual functioning), psychiatric (i.e., age at onset of psychosis, subtype of psychosis, duration of psychotic episode, and a family history of psychosis), and epileptic (i.e., age at onset of epilepsy, subtype of epilepsy, seizure type, and a family history of epilepsy) characteristics of both groups were compared. Key Findings: Clinical characteristics, either in their psychoses or epilepsies, except for age-related variables, were equivalent between patients with Psychosis-Epilepsy and those with Epilepsy-Psychosis. Time intervals between onset of psychosis and that of epilepsy in the two groups showed a normal distribution curve. Significance: The presence of many common features and the linear distribution of the time intervals did not fully support that Psychosis-Epilepsy and Epilepsy-Psychosis were two distinctly different entities. Among certain patients who have genetic vulnerabilities to both psychoses and seizures, psychosis may develop either antedating or postdating the development of epilepsy. These findings may suggest a necessary reconceptualization of psychoses in epilepsy. © 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
A prospective case control study of psychiatric disorders in adults with epilepsy and intellectual disability$$$ Purpose: No study to date has prospectively investigated the impact of epilepsy on psychiatric disorders among adults with an intellectual disability (ID). This study aimed to determine prospectively the influence of epilepsy on the development of psychiatric disorders in adults with ID. Method: Psychiatric symptoms were measured prospectively over a 1-year period among 45 adults with ID and active epilepsy and 45 adults with ID without epilepsy, matched on level of ID. The 1-year incidence rate (IR) of commonly occurring Axis 1 psychiatric disorders was compared with and without controlling for possible confounding factors. Total psychiatric symptom scores over the period were compared between the two groups using repeated-measures analysis of covariance. Key Findings: Adults with epilepsy and ID had a more than seven times increased risk for developing psychiatric disorders, particularly depression and unspecified disorders of presumed organic origin, including dementia, over a 1-year period compared to those with ID only. Comparison of the psychiatric scores showed the epilepsy group to have significantly higher unspecified disorder and depression symptom scores. Significance: The findings point to an increased risk of depression and unspecified disorders, including dementia, among adults with ID and epilepsy. Further exploration of the nature and treatment of these unspecified disorders may help the care of people with epilepsy and ID. © 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Comparison of Psychogenic Movement Disorders and Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures: Is Phenotype Clinically Important?$$$ Background: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and psychogenic movement disorders (PMDs) are common in neurology practice, yet it is not established whether clinically relevant differences between these two groups exist. Methods: In this retrospective chart review 172 patients were identified (PNES n = 116, PMD n = 56). Results: The whole group was characterized by female gender (82%), abuse history (45%), chronic pain (70%), depression (42%), subjective fatigue (47%), subjective cognitive complaints (55%), and referral for psychiatric evaluation (54%). Statistically significant differences (. P <. 01) were found for age, education, frequency of symptoms, altered consciousness, developmental abuse, and coexisting anxiety. Clinical practice also differed for the two groups in history-taking and referrals for neuropsychological testing and/or psychiatric evaluation. Conclusions: This retrospective study revealed more similarities than differences suggesting these are manifestations of the same psychopathology, with age and co-morbid anxiety potentially being important factors in predicting the symptomatic presentation. Prospective studies are needed to confirm our results. Future studies focusing more globally on somatoform disorders, rather than each phenotypic presentation, are likely needed to improve clinical care and outcomes. © 2011 The Academy of Psychosomatic Medicine. ER  - 
Feasibility of neurofeedback for reducing neurocognitive deficits after a childhood brain tumor$$$ Background: Survivors of a childhood brain tumor experience neurocognitive deficits, including decreased processing speed, attention and memory, resulting in problems with learning and social functioning. Therefore, the need for effective cognitive rehabilitation possibilities in this group of survivors is high. There is growing evidence that neurofeedback, a “brain wave” feedback training in which the brain activity is regulated, is a valuable treatment for children with brain disorders (e.g., ADHD, epilepsy, traumatic brain injury) and could be helpful for pediatric brain tumor survivors. In this pilot study, we explored the feasibility and neurocognitive impact of neurofeedback. Method: Seventeen survivors with cognitive problems were invited to join this pilot-study. Before starting the training a quantitative electroencephalogram (QEEG) was made and a neurocognitive assessment was performed. The QEEG and assessment were repeated after 30 training sessions. Results: Neurofeedback treatment plans were generated based on each participant's QEEG profile. Nine survivors (mean age 16.96 years old, 4 female/5 male) completed the 30 training sessions. No side-effects of the training were reported, although the sessions were perceived as tiring and time-consuming. Most parents and survivors were positive towards the intervention. Comparison of the neurocognitive assessment pre- and post-Neurofeedback seems to indicate improved speed of processing. Attention scores seem to remain unaffected. Conclusion: The pilot study indicates that neurofeedback is a feasible intervention for childhood brain tumor survivors, although the impact of the intervention is not clear yet. The effectiveness of neurofeedback is currently under investigation in a double-blinded randomized controlled trial called the PRISMA study. ER  - 
Pattern of paediatric neurological disorders in Port Harcourt, Nigeria$$$ Background: Paediatric Neurological disorders in developing countries are very challenging. This is due to its chronicity, late presentation and unavailability of modern diagnostic facilities in developing countries like Nigeria. Lack of these modern technology and manpower contribute significantly to increased morbidity and mortality. This study demonstrates the pattern of neurological disorders and the challenges in managementin a developing country. Materials and Method: This was a retrospective hospital based analysis of neurological disorders seen in the Paediatric neurology unit of the University of Port Harcourt Teaching hospital, Nigeria from January 2004 to December 2009. Descriptive statistics was used to present the result. Result: A total of 35,473 patients were seen in the Paediatric unit. Of these 2,379 had neurological disorders. This gave a prevalence of 6.7% of Paediatric neurological disorders. There were 1,431 males and 948 females (male: female ratio of 1.51:1.0). The age ranged from 3 months to 15 years. The age group 1->5 years accounted for the most affected age group constituting 87.7%. The most frequent Paediatric neurological disorders were epilepsy (24.6%), cerebral palsy (15.4%), and central nervous system infections (9.5%). Conclusions/ Recommendation: Wide spectrums of neurological disorders occur in our environment. The high incidence of epilepsy and cerebral palsy suggests that effort should be geared towards educating the populace about early diagnosis and prompt management. ER  - 
Experience with lacosamide in a series of children with drug-resistant focal epilepsy$$$ We report our pediatric experience with lacosamide, a new antiepileptic drug, approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as adjunctive therapy in focal epilepsy in patients more than 17 years old. We retrospectively reviewed charts for lacosamide use and seizure frequency outcome in patients with focal epilepsy (Wilcoxon signed rank test). Sixteen patients (7 boys) were identified (median dose 275 mg daily, 4.7 mg/kg daily; mean age 14.9 years, range 8-21 years). Patients were receiving a median of 2 antiepileptic drugs (interquartile range [IQR] 1.7-3) in addition to having undergone previous epilepsy surgery (n = 3), vagus nerve stimulation (n = 9), and ketogenic diet (n = 3). Causes included structural (encephalomalacia and diffuse encephalitis, 1 each; stroke in 2) and genetic abnormalities (Aarskog and Rett syndromes, 1 each) or cause not known (n = 10). Median seizure frequency at baseline was 57 per month (IQR 7-75), and after a median follow-up of 4 months (range 1-13 months) of receiving lacosamide, it was 12.5 per month (IQR 3-75), (P < 0.01). Six patients (37.5%; 3 seizure free) were classified as having disease that responded to therapy (≥50% reduction seizure frequency) and 10 as having disease that did not respond to therapy (<50% in 3; increase in 1; unchanged in 6). Adverse events (tics, behavioral disturbance, seizure worsening, and depression with suicidal ideation in 1 patient each) prompted lacosamide discontinuation in 4/16 (25%). This retrospective study of 16 children with drug-resistant focal epilepsy demonstrated good response to adjunctive lacosamide therapy (median seizure reduction of 39.6%; 37.5% with ≥50% seizure reduction) without severe adverse events. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antidepressants and fracture risk in older adults: A comparative safety analysis$$$ We examined variations in fracture rates among patients initiated on antidepressant drug treatment as identified from Medicare data in two US states and assessed whether the observed variation could be explained by affinity for serotonin transport receptors. We used Cox proportional hazards models to compare fracture rates of the hip, humerus, pelvis, wrist, and a composite of these, among propensity score-matched cohorts of users of secondary amine tricyclics, tertiary amine tricyclics, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), and atypical antidepressants. As compared with secondary amine tricyclics, SSRIs showed the highest association with composite fracture rate (hazard ratio 1.30; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.12-1.52), followed by atypical antidepressants (hazard ratio 1.12; 95% CI 0.96-1.31) and tertiary amine tricyclics (hazard ratio 1.01; 95% CI 0.87-1.18). The results were robust to sensitivity analyses. Although SSRI use was associated with the highest rate of fractures, variation in fracture risk across specific antidepressant medications did not depend on affinity for serotonin transport receptors. © 2011 American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics. ER  - 
Treatment with acamprosate in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders and comorbid alcohol dependence$$$ Objective: Alcohol use disorders and schizophrenia frequently co-occurwith rates higher than in the general population. There is no consensus on the best treatment for patients with these comorbid conditions. Several clinical trials have shown that acamprosate is superior to placebo in reducingdrinking and is particularly effective in sustaining abstinence. No study to date has examined the efficacy of acamprosate in patients with alcohol dependence and comorbid schizophrenia. The aims of this study are to assess the efficacy of acamprosate when compared to placebo in reducing drinking and to examine its effects on schizophrenic symptoms. Methods: This was a doubleblind, randomized, 12-week treatment trial of acamprosate versus placebo. Twenty-three recently abstinent patients with diagnosed alcohol dependence and comorbid schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, or psychosis not otherwise specified were included in this study. Results: All participants significantly decreased their drinking during medication treatment, although acamprosate was not superior to placebo in increasing consecutive days of abstinence. There was a significant difference favoring the acamprosate group on obsessive thoughts of drinking but no significant group X time interaction. Overall, medication treatment significantly reduced positive symptomsof schizophrenia, but there were no group differences. Conclusions: Acamprosate was not more effective than placebo in reducing drinking or symptoms of schizophrenia. It can be safely used in patients with alcohol dependenceand comorbid schizophrenia spectrum disorders. © Taylor & FrancisGroup, LLC. ER  - 
Utility and validity of a brief cognitive assessment tool in patients with epileptic and nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: Cognitive impairment is not uncommon in patients with epilepsy, and may relate to the underlying pathophysiology of epilepsy, the effects of seizures, or epilepsy treatment. Formal neuropsychological testing is not available in many centers, and few cognitive screening tools have been validated in an epilepsy population. We aimed to ascertain the reliability and validity of a multidimensional cognitive screening instrument, the Neuropsychiatry Unit Cognitive Assessment Tool (NUCOG), in a mixed epilepsy population. Methods: One hundred sixty-one of 177 consecutive patients admitted to a video telemetry unit were assessed with the NUCOG and classified with respect to seizure semiology, and a subset (n = 33) were formally neuropsychologically assessed. Results: Scores did not differ between patients with epileptiform, those with nonepileptiform, and those with mixed EEGs on the NUCOG, nor between patients with focal and those with generalized epilepsies. Patients with a temporal lobe focus performed more poorly in general, and in memory specifically, than patients with an extratemporal focus. Scores on the NUCOG subscales Memory, Attention, and Executive Functioning correlated significantly with neuropsychological testing of these same domains, although patients were not impaired on measures of language or spatial function. Conclusion: The NUCOG appears to correlate strongly with neuropsychological functioning in a number of key cognitive areas affected in patients with epilepsy, and appears to robustly detect memory impairment in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
An open-label trial of risperidone in children and adolescents with severe mood dysregulation$$$ Objective: The diagnosis and treatment of youth with severe nonepisodic irritability and hyperarousal, a syndrome defined as severe mood dysregulation (SMD), has been the focus of increasing concern and debate among clinicians and researchers. Our main objective was to assess the effectiveness of risperidone for youths with SMD. Methods: An 8-week open label trial with risperidone was conducted. We extensively assessed 97 subjects with semistructured and clinical interviews and enrolled 21 patients in the study. Risperidone was titrated from 0.5 to 3 mg/day in the first 2 weeks. Evaluations were performed at baseline and weeks 2, 4, 6, and 8. Clinical outcome measures were (1) Aberrant Behavior Checklist-Irritability Subscale, (2) Clinical Global Impressions, and (3) severity of co-morbid conditions. Results: We found a significant reduction of the Aberrant Behavior Checklist-Irritability scores during the trial after risperidone use (p < 0.001). The scores at week 2 (mean = 12.03; standard error [SE] = 2.94), week 4 (mean = 15.48; SE = 2.93), week 6 (mean = 12.29; SE = 2.86), and week 8 (mean = 11.28; SE = 3.06) were significantly reduced compared with the baseline mean score (mean = 25.89; SE = 2.76) (p < 0.001). We also found an improvement in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, depression, and global functioning (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Risperidone was effective in reducing irritability in SMD youth. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first psychopharmacological trial in this group of patients with positive results. Further randomized, controlled studies are needed. © 2011, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
A randomized trial of a group based cognitive behavior therapy program for older adults with epilepsy: the impact on seizure frequency, depression and psychosocial well-being.$$$ Few studies have examined the effectiveness of cognitive behavior therapy to manage seizures and improve psychosocial functioning in older adults with epilepsy. This study evaluated the efficacy of a 6 week group CBT program in community dwelling adults with epilepsy who were aged over 60 years. A total of 37 participants were randomly assigned to either a CBT group or a control group. Measures of depression, dysthymia, psychosocial functioning and seizure frequency were completed at pre and post intervention. Seizure frequency was significantly reduced in the CBT group compared to the control group (Cohen's d 0.63). The results suggest that the relationship between seizure frequency and psychological and psychosocial well being in older adults requires further investigation. Although there were no significant between group differences on measures of depression and psychosocial functioning, both the CBT and control groups improved significantly from baseline. ER  - 
Long term outcome of thermal anterior capsulotomy for chronic, treatment refractory depression$$$ Background: There is very limited evidence for the efficacy of any specific therapeutic intervention in chronic, treatment refractory major depression. Thermal anterior capsulotomy (ACAPS) is a rarely performed but established therapeutic procedure for this patient group. While benefit has been claimed, previous ACAPS reports have provided limited information. Detailed prospective reporting of therapeutic effects and side effects is required. Objective: To report a prospective study of therapeutic effect, mental status, quality of life, social functioning and neurocognitive functioning in individuals with chronic treatment refractory major depression, treated with ACAPS. Method: A prospective case series of 20 patients treated with ACAPS between 1992 and 1999 were reassessed at a mean follow-up of 7.0±3.4 years. Data were collected preoperatively and at long term follow-up. Structural MRI was performed in 14 participants. Results: According to a priori criteria, at long term follow-up, 50% were classified as 'responders' and 40% as 'remitters'. Fifty-five per cent were classified as 'improved'; 35% were 'unchanged'; and 10% had 'deteriorated'. Neurocognitive and personality testing were not significantly different at follow-up. A trend towards improvement in some aspects of executive neuropsychological functioning was observed. Significant adverse effects were infrequent and there were no deaths. Conclusions: ACAPS may represent an effective intervention for some patients with chronic, disabling, treatment refractory major depression that has failed to respond to other therapeutic approaches. The adverse effect burden within this population was modest, with no evidence of generalised impairment of neurocognitive functioning. ER  - 
Prevalence and correlates of respiratory and non-respiratory panic attacks in the general population$$$ Background: Panic attacks are heterogeneous with regards to symptom profile. Subtypes of panic attacks have been proposed, of which the most investigated is respiratory panic attacks (RPA). Limited information exists about RPA in the general population. Method: The prevalence and correlates of RPA and non-respiratory panic attacks (NRPA) were examined in a subsample (n = 8.796) of individuals participating in a cross-sectional survey of the adult general population of six European countries. Panic attacks, mental disorders, and chronic physical conditions were assessed with the Composite International Diagnostic Interview (CIDI) 3.0. Data on use of health services and disability were obtained. Results: The lifetime prevalence of RPA was 6.77 and the 12-month prevalence was 2.26. No robust associations of RPA with sociodemographic characteristics, mental disorders or physical conditions were found as compared to NRPA. RPA were associated with increased use of health services but similar disability in comparison to NRPA. Limitations: Few direct data are available on the validity of the CIDI to assess RPA. Other definitions of RPA exist in the literature. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that there are very few differences between RPA and NRPA and do not support the need of subtyping panic attacks in current classification systems. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Newly diagnosed epilepsy: Cognitive outcome after 12 months$$$ Purpose: Cognitive impairment is a common comorbidity of epilepsy; however, relatively little research has been undertaken to investigate how cognitive problems develop in adults who are newly diagnosed. This study aimed to investigate changes in cognitive performance in adults with new-onset epilepsy 12 months after diagnosis compared with healthy volunteers. Methods: One hundred forty-seven people with epilepsy (PWE) were assessed using a comprehensive neuropsychological test battery before they started treatment and after 12 months. Cognitive change scores were compared with 69 healthy volunteers who were also assessed at baseline and after 12 months. Key Findings: At 12 month follow-up, PWE had significantly poorer change scores for 9 of the 16 variables. For the majority of these measures, PWE had subtle declines in performance, whereas healthy volunteers improved. Poorer performance on some measures was associated with treatment with topiramate, generalized seizures and, interestingly, achieving an immediate 12-month seizure remission. Significance: After controlling for statistically confounding factors, people with newly diagnosed epilepsy had a different cognitive trajectory compared with healthy volunteers from the general population. Memory, psychomotor speed, and higher executive functioning were the domains most vulnerable to change over a 12-month period. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Are prodromes preictal events? A prospective PDA-based study$$$ Up to 29% of patients with epilepsy report "prodromal" sensations more than 30. minutes prior to seizures. We developed and implemented an objective methodology to prospectively assess the sensitivity and specificity of these subjective experiences using personal digital assistants (PDAs). The key property, in contrast to paper-based diaries, is the internal recording of the patient's entering time of prodromes and seizures. Of 500 patients with epilepsy interviewed, 31 claimed to sense prodromal symptoms at least 30. minutes before seizure onset. Eleven of them agreed to participate in a 4-week study to objectively measure their prospective prediction performance. In 9 patients returning data, the majority of prodrome entries were not followed by seizures or were identified only retrospectively. Statistical analysis revealed that no patient could outperform a nonspecific random predictor when predicting seizures based on the occurrence of prodromes, and that the group performance matched precisely the expected result for a by-chance prediction. These results question the predictive value of "prodromes" and the specificity of their occurrence in the preictal period. © 2011. ER  - 
Landau-Kleffner syndrome in Norway: Long-term prognosis and experiences with the health services and educational systems$$$ We have conducted a retrospective study based on the medical records of 19 children with Landau-Kleffner syndrome and semistructured interviews of their parents. There was considerable heterogeneity in the children's symptoms. Eleven children were followed for more than 10. years (mean. = 14.4. years); four have normal language, four have moderate language problems, and three have no functional verbal language today. Late-onset language decline, short duration of the initial aphasic period, and marked fluctuations in speech abilities appeared to be associated with a positive outcome with respect to future language skills. The parents reported having to argue strongly with the health authorities and educational system to obtain a correct diagnosis and receive adequate help. Their main concern was not being taken seriously when they expressed their worries, and they expressed a strong wish for someone who could ensure that appropriate support measures were implemented and who could coordinate assistance. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Optimizing clozapine treatment$$$ Objective: Clozapine treatment remains the gold standard for treatment-resistant schizophrenia, but treatment with clozapine is associated with several side-effects that complicate the use of the drug. This clinical overview aims to provide psychiatrists with knowledge about how to optimize clozapine treatment. Relevant strategies for reducing side-effects and increasing the likelihood of response are discussed. Method: Studies of clozapine available in MEDLINE were reviewed. Results: A slow up-titration of clozapine is recommended in order to reach the optimal dosage of clozapine and diminish the risk of dose-dependent side-effects. Particularly, in case of partial response or non-response, the use of therapeutic drug monitoring of clozapine is recommended. Plasma levels above the therapeutic threshold of 350-420ng/ml are necessary to determine non-response to clozapine. To ease the burden of dose-dependent side-effects, dose reduction of clozapine should be tried and combination with another antipsychotic drug may facilitate further dose reduction. For most side-effects, counteracting medication exists. Augmentation with lamotrigine, antipsychotics, or electroconvulsive therapy may be beneficial in case of partial response to clozapine. Conclusion: Treatment with clozapine should be optimized in order to increase the rate of response and to minimize side-effects, thus diminishing the risk of discontinuation and psychotic relapse. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Code blue: Seizures$$$ Eyewitnesses frequently perceive seizures as life threatening. If an event occurs on the hospital premises, a "code blue" can be called which consumes considerable resources. The purpose of this study was to determine the frequency and characteristics of code blue calls for seizures and seizure mimickers. A retrospective review of a code blue log from 2001 through 2008 identified 50 seizure-like events, representing 5.3% of all codes. Twenty-eight (54%) occurred in inpatients; the other 22 (44%) events involved visitors or employees on the hospital premises. Eighty-six percent of the events were epileptic seizures. Seizure mimickers, particularly psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, were more common in the nonhospitalized group. Only five (17.9%) inpatients had a known diagnosis of epilepsy, compared with 17 (77.3%) of the nonhospitalized patients. This retrospective survey provides insights into how code blues are called on hospitalized versus nonhospitalized patients for seizure-like events. © 2011. ER  - 
Comparing growth curve and latent class models of depressive symptoms in mothers of children with epilepsy$$$ Two common approaches for studying trajectories of change are standard growth curve modeling (GCM) and latent class growth modeling (LCM). The objectives were to examine the value and compare the results of GCM and LCM in predicting average and individual trajectories of depressive symptoms in a sample of mothers of children with epilepsy. Data were obtained from the Health-related Quality of Life in Epilepsy Study. A total of 258 mothers were assessed four times over a 24-month period. Depressive symptoms were measured using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale. Both GCM and LCM adequately described the average trajectory of maternal depressive symptoms; however, there was considerable variation in capturing individual trajectories in both models. For approximately 20% and 7% of individuals, both models over and underestimated depression scores by 3-5 points, respectively. Findings from the two modeling strategies were quite different: GCM suggested a modest change in depressive symptoms over time with paradoxical findings depending on the model selected. Results from the LCM suggested five distinct trajectories of depressive symptoms: sub-clinical, low stable, borderline, moderate increasing, and high decreasing. The sub-clinical group most closely resembled the trajectory observed from GCM. Although GCM and LCM perform equally well in predicting average and individual trajectories of change, they are used most efficiently under different circumstances. For data where individuals are expected to share a homogeneous trajectory GCM should be used; however, where individuals do not follow a common trajectory, LCM is a more appropriate modeling choice. ER  - 
Cognitive, perceptual, gross motor dysfunction in childhood epilepsy: A cross sectional study$$$ Purpose: Background: Epilepsy is one of the most common chronic neurological disorders in childhood and is associated with behavioral, attentional, perceptual, psychiatric problems (Sillanpaa, 1992). There are few evidences which suggest significant dysfunction in gross as well as fine motor function which affects physical, psychological health and the social relationship (Beckung and Uvebrant, 1997; Riach and Hayes, 1987). Although motor and sensory dysfunctions coexist, they are often neglected and rarely investigated in detail. Perception is an integral part of balance or motor control and hence perceptual dysfunction can have an impact on balance or gross motor function in children with epilepsy. But to date there is no study that correlates sensory i.e. perceptual and visuo-motor dysfunctions with gross motor dysfunction i.e. balance. Hence purpose of the study was-Objectives (1) To assess and compare cognition, visual and spatial perception, visuo-motor organization and gross motor function i.e. balance between children with epilepsy of age group 6-12 years and age matched normal children. (2) To determine if there is a correlation between scores on gross motor function with visual and spatial perception in children with epilepsy and age matched normal children. Relevance: There is lack of evidence in rehabilitation for childhood epilepsy. Cognition, perception, gross motor dysfunctions are not studied so far so as to give them concrete rehabilitation program. Participants: 120 children of age group 6-12 years were selected for the study based on selection criteria. Patient selection criteria: Inclusion criteria (1) Children with diagnosed epilepsy minimum before one year, of age group 6-12 years who were undergoing medical treatment. (2) Normal school going children of same age group. Exclusion criteria (1) Children with any other CNS disorder other than epilepsy. 2. Children with epilepsy with developmental delay and mental retardation or IQ <70.3. Children with known learning disorder and Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder The Control group consisted of 60 normal school going children and the Experimental group included 60 children with epilepsy. Methods: Study Design: Analytical, observational, cross sectional study design was used. Main Outcome Measures: Loewenstein Occupational Therapy Cognitive Assessment Scale (LOTCA), Bruninkis Osertsky Test of Motor Proficiency (BOMPT). Analysis: Data Analysis: Kolmogorov Smirnov test used to see normal distribution of data. As data was normally distributed the Unpaired t-test (Two Tail) used to compare the mean scores of all subsets of LOTCA and BOMPT. Pearson's coefficient of correlation was used to correlate perception with balance. Results: There were statistically significant differences (p < 0.00001) in cognition, perception, visuo-motor organization and balance between children with epilepsy and the age matched normal children. There was a positive correlation between perception and gross motor function, r = 0.7. Conclusions: Cognitive, visuo-motor, perceptual dysfunction along with gross motor dysfunction exist in children with epilepsy. Perceptual dysfunction interferes with balance or motor control. Effect of gross motor dysfunction on QOL and perceptual training on balance in childhood epilepsy can be considered for future research. Implications: Cognitive, perceptual and balance training should be included in Physical Therapy Rehabilitation program for children with epilepsy based on their assessment results. ER  - 
Antidepressant and antipsychotic use in an Italian pediatric population$$$ Background: The safety and effectiveness of psychotropic drug use in the paediatric population is widely debated, in particular because of the lack of data concerning long term effects.In Italy the prevalence of psychotropic drug prescriptions increased in the early 2000s and decreased afterwards. In such a context, a study with the aim to estimate the incidence and prevalence of psychotropic drug prescription in the paediatric population and to describe diagnostic and therapeutic approaches was performed.Methods: The study population was composed of 76,000 youths less than 18 years and living in the area covered by the local health unit of Verona, Italy. The data source was the Verona local health unit's administrative prescription database. Prevalence and incidence of antidepressant and/or antipsychotic drug prescriptions in the 2004-2008 period were estimated. Children and adolescents receiving antidepressant and/or antipsychotic drug prescriptions between 1 January 2005 and 31 December 2006 were identified and questionnaires were sent to the prescribers with the aim to collect data concerning diagnostic and therapeutic approaches, and care strategies.Results: The prevalence of psychotropic drug prescriptions did not change in the 2004-2008 period, while incidence slightly increased (from 7.0 in 2005 to 8.3 per 10,000 in 2008). Between 1 January 2005 and 31 December 2006, 111 youths received at least one psychotropic drug prescription, 91 of whom received antidepressants. Only 28 patients attended child and adolescent psychiatry services. Information concerning diagnostic and therapeutic approaches, and care strategies was collected for 52 patients (47%). Anxiety-depressive syndrome and attention disorders were the diseases for which psychotropic drugs were most commonly prescribed. In all, 75% youths also received psychological support and 20% were prescribed drugs for 2 or more years.Conclusions: Despite the low drug prescription prevalence, the finding that most children were not cared for by child and adolescent psychiatric services is of concern and calls for a systematic, continuous monitoring of psychopharmacological treatments. © 2011 Clavenna et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Strategies for quantifying the relationship between medications and suicidal behaviour: What has been learned?$$$ In recent years there has been considerable concern that certain classes of drugs, for example antidepressants, may increase the risk of suicide. In this current opinion article, we examine the literature on methodological and statistical approaches to the design and analysis of suicidal event studies. Experimental, ecological and observational studies of the relationship between drugs and suicidal events (thoughts, attempts and completion) are discussed. Areas considered include analysis of spontaneous reporting system data, ecological trends in national andor small area (e.g. county) suicide rates, meta-analyses of randomized clinical trials, and large-scale medical claims data. New statistical and experimental strategies for investigating possible associations between drugs and suicide are highlighted, and we suggest directions for future statisticalmethodological research. To put this into context, we then review the most recent literature on the relationship between drugs (antidepressants, antiepileptics, varenicline, montelukast and antipsychotics) and suicidal events.Overall, there appears to be little evidence that drugs increase the risk of suicide and related behaviour. Numerous lines of evidence in adults clearly demonstrate that inadequate treatment of depression (pharmacotherapy andor psychotherapy) is associated with increased risk of suicidal behaviour. In children, the results are less clear and further study is required to better delineate which children benefit from treatment and who may be at increased risk as a consequence of treatment. From a statistical and methodological perspective, the field of pharmacoepidemiology is a fertile area for statistical research, both in theory and in application. In general, methods have been adopted from other areas such as general epidemiology, despite the singular nature of many of the problems that are unique to drug safety in general, in particular the study of rare events. Finally, there is considerable debate concerning the communication of risk. For suicide, regulatory action has been taken largely on the basis of evidence suggesting increased risk of suicidal thoughts. However, suicidal thoughts are quite common, particularly among patients with depression, and may have little relationship to suicidal behaviour andor completion. © 2011 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of ezogabine (retigabine) in partial epilepsy$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of ezogabine (United States adopted name)/retigabine (international nonproprietary name) (EZG[RTG]) 1,200 mg/day as adjunctive treatment in adults with drug-resistant epilepsy with partial-onset seizures with or without secondary generalization. Methods: RESTORE 1 was a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group trial. Following a prospective 8-week baseline phase, patients entered an 18-week double-blind treatment period (6-week forced dose titration to EZG[RTG] 1,200 mg/day in 3 equally divided doses or placebo, followed by a 12-week maintenance phase). Results were analyzed on an intent-to-treat basis for the entire 18-week period and for patients reaching the maintenance phase. Results: In 306 patients randomized, 305 received EZG(RTG) 1,200 mg/day (n = 153) or placebo (n = 152). Median percent reduction in total partial-seizure frequency was 44.3% vs 17.5% (p < 0.001) for EZG(RTG) and placebo, respectively, during the 18-week double-blind period; responder rates (≥50% reduction in total partial-seizure frequency from baseline) were 44.4% vs 17.8% (p < 0.001). In 256 patients (EZG[RTG], 119; placebo, 137) entering the 12-week maintenance phase, median percent reduction in seizure frequency for EZG(RTG) vs placebo was 54.5% and 18.9% (p < 0.001), respectively; responder rates were 55.5% vs 22.6% (p < 0.001). The proportion of patients discontinuing due to treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) was 26.8% (EZG[RTG]) vs 8.6% (placebo). Dizziness, somnolence, fatigue, confusion, dysarthria, urinary tract infection, ataxia, and blurred vision were the most common TEAEs reported by more patients treated with EZG(RTG) than placebo. Conclusions: This study demonstrates that EZG(RTG) is effective as add-on therapy for reducing seizure frequency in patients with drug-resistant partial-onset seizures. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class II evidence that EZG(RTG) 1,200 mg/day is effective as adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset seizures with or without secondary generalization. © 2011 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antipsychotic drug toxicology in children$$$ Introduction: There is an increasing use of antipsychotic drugs, particularly those of second- and third-generation, for a wide range of behavioral and affective disorders in pediatric and psychiatric practice. Limited data are available, however, regarding their safety and effectiveness, although children may be more vulnerable than adults to antipsychotic adverse effects because of developmental physiological changes that may affect their pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic profiles. Areas covered: This review covers the antipsychotics now specifically approved in major markets for children as well as those that are used in these patients for unapproved or off-label indications taking into account the potential differences in drug disposition and metabolism among children, adolescents and adults. MEDLINE and EMBASE international databases were searched for studies concerning the pharmacokinetics, efficacy and safety of first-, second- (atypical) and third-generation antipsychotic agents. Expert opinion: Few studies have systematically monitored the safety of antipsychotics in young populations. Data concerning long-term side effects are especially limited, and a systematic benefit-risk evaluation is needed. When prescribing antipsychotics, physicians should, therefore, monitor patients closely for metabolic adverse events, hyperprolactinemia, extrapyramidal symptoms and corrected QT prolongation. Dose selection should include a careful consideration of the drugs' pharmacokinetic profiles and, when these are lacking therapeutic drug monitoring should be implemented as it is often a valid tool to optimize pediatric psychiatric practice. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Epilepsy mortality and risk factors for death in epilepsy: A population-based study$$$ Background: Epilepsy is an important cause of amenable mortality but risk factors for death in epilepsy are not well understood. Aim: To evaluate trends in epilepsymortality in a large population and identify risk factors for death in epilepsy. Design and setting: Nested case-control study in the UK, using data fromthe General Practice Research Database (GPRD) from 1993 to 2007. Method: Participants were included if they had ever been diagnosed with epilepsy and prescribed anticonvulsant drugs. Trends in all-cause mortality in persons with epilepsy in the GPRD were compared with death registrations with epilepsy as the underlying cause. A nested case-control study was implemented to compare participants with epilepsy who died with those who did not die. Results: The prevalence of epilepsy increased from 9 per 1000 in 1993 to 12 per 1000 in 2007, and epilepsy deaths also increased in this period. In a nested case-control study, mortality was associated with: recorded alcohol problems (odds ratio [OR] 2.96, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 2.25 to 3.89, P<0.001); having collected the last anticonvulsant prescription 90-182 days previously (OR 1.83, CI = 1.66 to 2.03, P<0.001); having an injury in the previous year (OR 1.41, 95% CI = 1.30 to 1.53, P<0.001), and having been treated for depression (OR 1.39, 95% CI = 1.28 to 1.50, P<0.001). In data available from2004 onwards, being recorded seizure free in the previous 12 months was associated with lower mortality (OR 0.78, 95%CI = 0.71 to 0.86, P<0.001). Conclusion: Mortality with epilepsy appears to be increasing. Patients who have alcohol problems, do not collect repeat prescriptions for anticonvulsant drugs, have recent injuries, or have been treated for depressionmay be at increased risk of death; patients who remain seizure free over 12 months are at a lower risk. © British Journal of General Practice. ER  - 
Antidepressant effects, of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy, in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Major depression is a common mental health problem and associated with significant morbidity and mortality, including impaired social and physical functioning and increased risk for suicide. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly efficacious in treatment-resistant depressive disorders, but cognitive side effects are frequently associated with the treatment. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a form of convulsive therapy, using magnetic fields in order to induce therapeutic seizures. First studies suggested that cognitive side effects of MST, including postictal recovery time, are more benign than those resulting from ECT treatment. In this open-label study we tested the hypothesis that MST is associated with clinically significant antidepressant effects in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) as an add-on therapy to a controlled pharmacotherapy.Twenty patients suffering from TRD were randomly assigned to receive either MST or ECT starting from July 2006 until November 2008. Primary outcome measure was antidepressant response assessed by Montgomery Åsberg Depression Scale. Secondary outcome measures included Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Hamilton Anxiety Scale, Beck Depression Inventory and 90-Item Symptom Checklist.Antidepressant response (improvement of 50% in MADRS ratings) was statistically significant and of similar size in both treatment groups. Cognitive side effects were observed in neither group. Characteristics in MST- and ECT-induced seizures were comparable, especially regarding ictal activity and postictal suppression. Thus, MST may be a potential alternative to ECT if efficacy and safety are validated in larger clinical trials. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
The safety and efficacy of add-on levetiracetam in elderly patients with focal epilepsy: A one-year observational study$$$ Purpose: The long-term safety and efficacy of levetiracetam (LEV) was evaluated as add-on therapy in focal epilepsy patients (n = 491) aged at least 65 years who failed at least one monotherapy. Methods: Patients (n = 491) with focal epilepsy treated with at least one antiepileptic drug in monotherapy with insufficient seizure control were included in this prospective open-label study. The recommended LEV dose range was 1000-3000 mg per day. Follow-up visits were done approximately after 3, 6 and 12 months. Safety and efficacy was analysed based on all patients who received LEV (safety population, n = 491) and all patients who were seen at all visits and completed the trial (per protocol population, n = 364). Results: Patients (53% men, median age 71 years) had a total of 97 adverse events (AEs) reported in 53 patients. The most common AEs were fatigue and restlessness (9.7% each of all AEs). A total of 35 serious AEs occurred in 19 patients (3.9% of the safety population), all but one unrelated to the study medication. Mean monthly seizure frequency dropped significantly from 7.0 (SD 8.7, range 1-85, median 4) at baseline to 1.7 (SD 2.9, range 0-29, median 1) at 3 month, 1.2 (SD 2.6, range 0-30, median 0) at 6, and 1.4 (SD 6.6, range 0-99, median 0) at 12 months, corresponding to a reduction of 75.7%, 82.9%, and 80.0% relative to baseline. Seizure freedom was reported by 42%, 57.7%, and 58% of patients during the previous period at 3, 6 and 12 months follow-up, respectively. Conclusions: Add-on treatment with LEV in elderly patients with focal epilepsy was safe and efficient. Levetiracetam might be considered as a suitable drug in the elderly. © 2011 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Early treatment after stroke for the prevention of late epileptic seizures: A report on the problems performing a randomised placebo-controlled double-blind trial aimed at anti-epileptogenesis$$$ Introduction: Epileptic seizures in stroke patients are a common complication and adversely affect neurological outcome. We tried to perform a trial aimed at preventing the development of late poststroke seizures using levetiracetam. Levetiracetam is assumed to have anti-epileptogenic properties and might be suitable to prevent late epileptic seizures in stroke patients. Methods: Stroke patients with a cortical syndrome and a modified Rankin score ≥ 3 or NIHSS ≥ 6 were treated with either levetiracetam 1500 mg daily divided in two doses or placebo during 12 weeks following stroke. Treatment was started within 7 days following stroke onset. Results: Only 16 patients were included in this trial. Problems during the execution of this prophylactic trial concerned the assessment of the occurrence of epileptic seizures, a very slow inclusion rate, the use of anticonvulsive co-medication, continuation of the trial medication after discharge, and the evaluation of possible side effects of the trial medication. Discussion: Due to too few participants, no conclusions could be drawn regarding the ability of levetiracetam to prevent poststroke seizures. The problems encountered during execution of this trial seem to be inherent to performing a trial aimed at preventing the development of epileptic seizures in stroke patients. Conclusions: A prophylactic trial in stroke patients aimed at preventing poststroke seizures and epilepsy seems not feasible. © 2011 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Relationship of clinical and quality of life trajectories following the onset of seizures: Findings from the UK MESS Study$$$ We defined a series of clinical trajectories represented among adult patients with new-onset seizures across a 4-year follow-up period; and linked these clinical trajectories to the quality of life (QOL) profiles and trajectories of those experiencing them. We examined both between- and within-group differences. Methods: Analyses were based on 253 individuals completing QOL questionnaires at baseline and 2 and 4 years subsequently. Based on patient self-report, we defined five "clinical trajectory" groups: individuals experiencing a single seizure only; individuals entering early remission; individuals experiencing late remission; individuals initially becoming seizure-free but subsequently relapsing; individuals with seizures persisting throughout follow-up. QOL profiles at each time point were compared using a validated QOL battery, NEWQOL. Key Findings: Even at baseline, there were significant between-group differences, with patients experiencing a single seizure only reporting the best QOL profile and those with seizures subsequently persisting across all time points reporting the worst. By 2 years, the QOL profiles of individuals experiencing early remission were similar to those of single seizure patients, as were those for late remission and relapse patients. Significance: A consistent pattern was seen, with "single seizure" individuals doing best and individuals with persistent seizures doing worst. Of particular concern is that even at baseline, individuals whose seizures persisted were doing poorly for QOL, suggesting the possibility that underlying neurobiologic mechanisms were operating. In contrast, our findings support previous reports of only short-lived and small QOL decrements for individuals experiencing a single or few seizures. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Neuropsychological outcomes after Gamma Knife radiosurgery for mesial temporal lobe epilepsy: A prospective multicenter study$$$ To assess outcomes of language, verbal memory, cognitive efficiency and mental flexibility, mood, and quality of life (QOL) in a prospective, multicenter pilot study of Gamma Knife radiosurgery (RS) for mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE). Methods: RS, randomized to 20 Gy or 24 Gy comprising 5.5-7.5 ml at the 50% isodose volume, was performed on mesial temporal structures of patients with unilateral MTLE. Neuropsychological evaluations were performed at preoperative baseline, and mean change scores were described at 12 and 24 months postoperatively. QOL data were also available at 36 months. Key Findings: Thirty patients were treated and 26 were available for the final 24-month neuropsychological evaluation. Language (Boston Naming Test), verbal memory (California Verbal Learning Test and Logical Memory subtest of the Wechsler Memory Scale-Revised), cognitive efficiency and mental flexibility (Trail Making Test), and mood (Beck Depression Inventory) did not differ from baseline. QOL scores improved at 24 and 36 months, with those patients attaining seizure remission by month 24s accounting for the majority of the improvement. Significance: The serial changes in cognitive outcomes, mood, and QOL are unremarkable following RS for MTLE. RS may provide an alternative to open surgery, especially in those patients at risk of cognitive impairment or who desire a noninvasive alternative to open surgery. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Dropping like flies: Fainters in the pediatric arrhythmia clinic$$$ Introduction: Syncope in the young has possible causes, including benign autonomic dysregulation. Assessment of syncope varies widely with the preferences and specialties of the diverse providers who manage it. Pediatric electrophysiology (EP) clinics frequently provide such consultations, but may not be attuned to relevant non-EP etiologies. Methods: Retrospective study of all patients referred to EP clinic with syncope over 2 years, reviewed from a clinic database and medical record. Results: 87 consecutive patients complaining of 1 or more episode of syncope, 75 (86%) were diagnosed with vaso-vagal syncope (VVS). VVS and non-VVS patients did not significantly differ in age (14.4 v. 13.4, p=ns), BMI (21.5 v 20.1), or gender (47 v 25% female). In 11 of the 12 non-VVS patients, the final diagnosis was neurologic (conversion disorder n=3, migraine n=4, seizures n=3, other psych/behavioral=1); 1 patient had life- threatening arrhythmia (CPVT). All patients had ECG. A mildly abnormal ECG was found in 1/13 non-VVS compared to 5/73 (7%) with VVS (p=ns). 7/13. History, examination and ECG were sufficient for diagnosis in 71% of VVS and 76% of non-VVS (p=ns). Cardiac testing beyond ECG was performed in 41/73 (55%) VVS and 8/12 (67%) non-VVS and pts (p=ns). Tilt testing, performed elsewhere in 6 (8%) VVS and 3 (25%) non-VVS patients was positive in all but one, and not related to diagnosis. Seven of 12 non-VVS patients were evaluated by neurologists (4 before EP clinic visit) compared to 10/75 with VVS. Neurologist involvement (58 v 13%), head imaging (58 v 13%), related headache (42 v 7%), and lack of a presyncope prodrome (75 v 99%) were significantly associated with a non-VVS etiology (p<.05). The taking of psychiatric medications trended to such an association (33 v 13%, p=.07). Conclusions: VVS is the most common diagnosis for syncope in the pediatric EP clinic. The predominant non-VVS causes in our series were neurologic. The presence of a prodrome was associated with a diagnosis of VVS. Accompanying headache and neurologist involvement were associated with non-VVS. Additional cardiac testing is often requested although but usually not diagnostic. Tilt tests in the non-VVS group were all false- positives. ER  - 
Bidirectional relation between schizophrenia and epilepsy: Nationwide population-based case-control study$$$ Objective: Several studies have found higher prevalence of schizophrenia-like psychosis in patients with epilepsy, as compared with the general population. We proposed that schizophrenia and epilepsy may share susceptibility and examined a bidirectional relation between both disorders. Methods: Data used in this population-based cohort study came from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database. We identified study subjects from medical claims during 1999-2008 and performed two separate analyses. Analysis 1 included 5,195 patients with an initial diagnosis of schizophrenia and 20,776 randomly selected non-schizophrenia comparison controls. Analysis 2 included 11,527 patients newly diagnosed with epilepsy and 46,032 randomly selected non-epilepsy comparison subjects. For both analyses, the comparison group was matched for age, sex and calendar year. We used Cox proportional hazards regression models to assess the risk of elevated incidence of schizophrenia associated with epilepsy in analysis 1 and reversely, the excess risk of epilepsy incidence in patients with schizophrenia in analysis 2. Results: In analysis 1, patients with schizophrenia were at increase risk of developing epilepsy [adjusted hazard ratio (HR) = 5.88, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 4.71-7.36), as compared with the nonschizophrenia comparison subjects. In analysis 2, the adjusted HR of incidence of schizophrenia were 7.65 (95% CI = 6.04-9.69) for epilepsy patients. The effect of schizophrenia on subsequent epilepsy was greater for women, but the association between epilepsy and elevated incidence of schizophrenia was more pronounced in men. Conclusion: We found a strong bidirectional relation between schizophrenia and epilepsy. Patients with epilepsy are at greater risk of developing schizophrenia, patients with schizophrenia at higher risk of developing epilepsy. These two conditions may share common genetic or environmental causes. Further studies on the mechanism are required. ER  - 
Epileptiform abnormalities and epileptic seizure occurrence in children with ADHD and Tourette syndrome at baseline and at 3 years follow-up$$$ The aim of this retrospective study was to investigate the occurrence of epileptiform abnormalities (EA) and epileptic seizures (ESz) in children diagnosed with attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and Tourette syndrome (TS). Methods: Subjects were 517 children (81.6% male) aged between 5-14 years, mean 9.5+2.6, who had performed one standard EEG at baseline, by the time of ADHD assessment. They were diagnosed with ADHD between January 2000 and December 2005. TS as co-morbidity was found in 33 of 517 (6.4%) patients. Patients were examined at baseline and reassessed 3 years later. Results: EA were registered in 6 of 33 (18.2%) children with TS at baseline. 5 of 6 (83.3%) had no epilepsy co-morbidity, while one patient (16.7%) had epilepsy. EA were registered in 33 of 484 (6.8%) patients without TS co-morbidity, and 11 of 33 (33.3%) had been diagnosed with epilepsy before ADHD diagnosis was made. Control EEG was performed in all 6 patients, 5 of them demonstrated EEG without EA. By the end of the study period none of the patients who had EA at baseline had developed ESz, and the patient who had epilepsy co-morbidity was without experienced ESz. Conclusions: EA occur more often in children diagnosed with ADHD and TS. The vast majority of them had no epilepsy co-morbidity. EA disappeared on control EEG and no ESz occurrence was registered at the 3 years follow-up. A careful diagnostic consideration is warranted in order not to overestimate the temporarily occurrence of EA during the ADHD assessment. ER  - 
Prevalence of chronic health conditions in children with intellectual disability: A systematic literature review$$$ A systematic review of the prevalence rates of chronic health conditions in populations of children with intellectual disability was provided. We identified 2,994 relevant studies by searching Medline, Cinahl, and PsycINFO databases from 1996 to 2008. We included the 31 studies that had sufficient methodological quality. The 6 most prevalent chronic health conditions in children with intellectual disability were epilepsy (22.0/100), cerebral palsy (19.8/100), any anxiety disorder (17.1/100), oppositional defiant disorder (12.4/100), Down syndrome (11.0/100), and autistic disorder (10.1/100). The reported prevalence rates of chronic health conditions in this population was much higher than in the general population. However, both the number of studies that were included and the number of chronic health conditions they reported about were limited. There is an urgent need for better evidence on the prevalence of chronic health conditions among children with intellectual disability. © American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities. ER  - 
Myoclonic Astatic Epilepsy (epilepsy with myoclonic atonic seizures): Electro-clinical and neuropsychological findings in 17 cases$$$ Purpose: Myoclonic-astatic epilepsy (MAE) is a generalized epileptic syndrome of childhood with an unknown etiology with a variable evolution. The aim of this study is to analyze the clinical and neuropsychological characteristics of patients with MAE and evaluate the long-term outcome. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed all patients with a diagnose of MAE with onset between 2000 and 2008 who fulfilled the following criterias: 1) normal development before the onset; 2) presence of myoclonic-astatic seizures; 3) onset between 18 months and 60 months of age; 4) periodic follow-up. 17 patients were included and all of them were called for a neurologic and a neuropsychological evaluation. Results: Mean follow-up was 5.3 ± 2.7 years. Mean age at onset was 3.6 ± 0.7 years. Epilepsy remitted in 16 out 17 patients; one patient continues to have seizures at the age of 7.2 years. Remission occurred 47.1% of patients within the first year. Myoclonic-astatic seizures occurred in all patients, tonic-clonic in 76.5%; absences in 82.3%, myoclonic jerks in 64.7%, tonic seizures in 35. 3%. 11.8% had a Minor Motor Status. Interictal EEG showed in 88.2% patients a slow background activity. All patients had diffuse epileptic abnormalities at the onset activating during sleep. Slow abnormalities were present in 76.5%. Six patients had an epileptic encephalopathy at the onset. Cognitive evaluation revealed a mild cognitive delay in 5 patients. The behavior scale did not show pathological findings but only mild attention deficit and hyperactivity. All patients were treated with valproate and only in one case it was effective. Six patients were treated with ACTH with remission of seizures in 2 of them. Conclusions: Evolution of epilepsy was favorable in 16 out 17 patients and for the cognitive outcome it was variable. About one third of patients have a mild cognitive delay. It appears not to be correlated to the intensity and duration of epilepsy, to the type of seizures and recurrence of minor motor status and ACTH treatment. The presence of the cognitive delay in patients with a favorable outcome for epilepsy suggests a genetic cause as etiology of MAE. ER  - 
Epileptic seizures and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures$$$ Goals of the case-control study is to evaluate the prevalence of PNES among persons referring to a secondary epilepsy center and to investigate through Rorschach Test the psychological traits of both the two groups: people with PNES only and people with PNES and epileptic seizures, compared with a control group of persons with epileptic seizures only. 240 persons have been screened with a semistructured questionnaire. 97 are considered at risk of PNES and 54 were observed by a psychiatrist consultant. All persons with PNES (7) suffer or suffered from an Anxiety Disorder and 57% have or had a Depressive Disorder. In the history of persons with epileptic seizures only these disorders were present in 33%. 19 people have been subjected to the Rorschach Test and it has been seen that persons with PNES tend to focus on their body as a vehicle to communicate a deep suffering. ER  - 
Effect of aripiprazole augmentation of clozapine in schizophrenia: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ The simultaneous prescription of two or more antipsychotic drugs in combination is a common treatment strategy for those patients who have demonstrated a suboptimal response to clozapine; nevertheless, evidence suggesting potential advantages of combination treatment with clozapine plus one antipsychotic in terms of efficacy and tolerability are still sparse. The present 24-week double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of adjunctive aripiprazole to clozapine therapy in schizophrenia was aimed to explore the efficacy of aripiprazole add-on pharmacotherapy on clinical symptomatology and cognitive functioning in a sample of patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia receiving clozapine. After clinical and neurocognitive assessments patients were randomly allocated to receive, in a double-blind design, either up to 15 mg/day of aripiprazole or a placebo. A final sample of thirty-one patients completed the study. The results obtained indicate that aripiprazole added to stable clozapine treatment showed a beneficial effect on the positive and general psychopathological symptomatology in a sample of treatment-resistant schizophrenia patients. Regarding executive cognitive functions, aripiprazole augmentation of clozapine had no significant effects. The findings provide evidence that aripiprazole augmentation of clozapine treatment is well-tolerated and may be of benefit for patients who are partially responsive to clozapine monotherapy; further double-blind, placebo-controlled trials in a larger number of patients are required to evaluate the therapeutic potential of aripiprazole augmentation of clozapine. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
A multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of levetiracetam in children and adolescents with newly diagnosed absence epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the potential efficacy of levetiracetam as an antiabsence agent in children and adolescents with newly diagnosed childhood or juvenile absence epilepsy. Methods: Patients were randomized in a 2:1 ratio to receive de novo monotherapy with levetiracetam (up to 30 mg/kg/day) or placebo for 2 weeks under double-blind conditions. Responder status (primary end point) was defined as freedom from clinical seizures on days 13 and 14 and from electroencephalographic (EEG) seizures during a standard EEG recording with hyperventilation and intermittent photic stimulation on day 14. The double-blind phase was followed by an open-label follow-up. Key Findings: Nine of 38 patients (23.7%) were responders in the levetiracetam group, compared with one of 21 (4.8%) in the placebo group (p = 0.08). Seven of 38 patients (18.4%) were free from clinical and EEG seizures during the last 4 days of the trial (including 24-h EEG monitoring on day 14) compared with none of the patients treated with placebo (p = 0.04). Seventeen patients remained seizure-free on levetiracetam after 1 year follow-up. Of the 41 patients who discontinued levetiracetam due to lack of efficacy (n = 39) or adverse events (n = 2), 34 became seizure-free on other treatments. Significance: Although superiority to placebo just failed to reach statistical significance for the primary end point, the overall findings are consistent with levetiracetam having modest efficacy against absence seizures. Further controlled trials exploring larger doses and an active comparator are required to determine the role of levetiracetam in the treatment of absence epilepsy. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Pharmaco-genetically guided treatment of recurrent rage outbursts in an adult male with 15q13.3 deletion syndrome$$$ 15q13.3 deletion syndrome (15q13.3DS) is a common recurrent genomic disorder associated with epilepsy, intellectual impairment, aggressive behavior, schizophrenia, and autism. A 39-year-old male presented with 15q13.3DS, epilepsy, intellectual impairment, psychosis, and recurrent episodes of aggressive rage. We hypothesized that the patient's aggressive behavior reflected deficits in α7 nicotinic cholinergic receptor (NChR)-mediated neurotransmission, arising from haploinsufficiency of the structural gene CHRNA7 due to the deletion. Treatment with the NChR allosteric modulator and acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitor, galantamine, led to a dramatic decline in the frequency and intensity of rage outbursts, suggesting that enhancement of α7 NChR function can ameliorate 15q13.3DS-associated rage outbursts.© 2011 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
The role of underlying structural cause for epilepsy classification: Clinical features and prognosis in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy caused by hippocampal sclerosis versus cavernoma$$$ Purpose: The recent "Report of the ILAE Commission on Classification and Terminology" recommends an epilepsy classification that gives more emphasis to the underlying structural or metabolic cause rather than to the localization of the epileptogenic zone. The aim of the present study was to investigate differences in clinical features, treatment response, and prognosis in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE) caused by hippocampal sclerosis (MTLE-HS) or singular mesiotemporal cavernomas (MTLE-C) in order to evaluate the impact of underlying pathology on the course of the disease while controlling for localization. Methods: Age at onset, age at surgery, seizure frequency and semiology, pharmacoresistance, psychiatric comorbidities, memory deficits, or initial precipitating insults (e.g., febrile seizures, traumatic brain injury, infection of the central nervous system, birth complications) as well as postoperative outcome were compared in eleven patients with MTLE-C and 33 patients with MTLE-HS using nonparametric statistical methods. Key Findings: The postoperative outcome was significantly better in patients with MTLE-C, even after controlling for preoperative epilepsy duration. Patients with MTLE-HS more frequently were drug resistant (88% vs. 36%) and more often presented with an initial precipitating insult (70% vs. 27%) and with automotor seizures (79% vs. 46%). Significance: The results suggest that patients with MTLE-C show a more favorable postoperative outcome, supporting the commission's suggestion to put more emphasis on the underlying cause in future epilepsy classifications. © Wiley Periodicals, Inc. 2011 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Oral pharmacological treatment of X-linked dystonia parkinsonism: Successes and failures$$$ There is a paucity of published literature on the different oral medications tried for X-linked dystonia parkinsonism (XDP). In practice, most XDP patients are tried or have been tried on medications typically used for patients with generalized dystonia. These drugs include anticholinergic agents, baclofen, clonazepam and other benzodiazepines, tetrabenazine, and clozapine. Although several articles have shown that these classes of drugs are beneficial for patients with generalized dystonia, none have been systematically studied specifically for XDP patients. We are currently conducting the first randomized, placebo-controlled trial on the use of levodopa for the symptomatic treatment of XDP. This article reviews the data on the various dystonia medications that have been used in XDP. © 2011 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Idiopathic childhood occipital epilepsy of Gastaut: Report of 12 patients$$$ This study sought to present clinical and outcome data of patients with idiopathic childhood occipital epilepsy of Gastaut, to validate previously reported characteristics of this epilepsy. The study group was comprised of 12 affected children (three boys and nine girls), with a median age of onset at 10.3 years. Common ictal manifestations included elementary visual hallucinations (75.0%), blindness or blurring of vision (50.0%), headache (50.0%), and secondarily generalized tonic-clonic seizures (58.3%). Interictal electroencephalography revealed occipital spike-wave paroxysms reactive to eye closure and opening in all patients, accompanied by spike-wave activity in the extra-occipital areas in four (33.3%), and by generalized spike-wave discharges in two (16.7%). One patient exhibited the onset of occipital lobe seizures 1 year after manifesting absence epilepsy. Seizure remission occurred in 81.8% of cases, in half of which medication was discontinued by late adolescence. This study confirmed the previously delineated electroclinical features of epilepsy syndrome, with additional aspects including the frequent association of generalized tonic-clonic seizures and atypical evolution from childhood absence epilepsy. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights. ER  - 
Fulminant encephalopathy with basal ganglia hyperintensities in HIV-infected drug users$$$ Objective: To define a clinical syndrome associated with active drug abuse in HIV-infected individuals. Methods: We performed a retrospective review to identify individuals treated at the Johns Hopkins Hospital from 1993 to 2008 who were HIV-infected and were actively abusing drugs and had bilateral basal ganglia lesions on MRI. They were identified using a key word search in the radiology database, autopsy database, and the Moore HIV clinic database. Clinical, laboratory, and radiographic findings were correlated to define the syndrome. Results: Ten individuals were identified who presented with a change in mental status or seizures, used cocaine or cocaine with heroin, had uncontrolled HIV infection (>190,000 copies/mL of plasma), elevated CSF protein (63-313 mg/dL), and diffuse hyperintense bilateral basal ganglia lesions on imaging. The majority of patients (8/10) had renal failure and despite supportive therapy most (7/9) ultimately died (median survival 21 days). Postmortem examination in one individual showed the presence of overwhelming microglial activation in the basal ganglia. The 2 surviving individuals were started on combined antiretroviral therapy (CART) during hospitalization. Conclusion: We describe a unique clinical syndrome of a fulminant encephalopathy associated with primarily basal ganglia involvement in HIV-infected drug abusers. This syndrome is a rare but serious condition that is associated with a high mortality rate. Early CART institution may be useful and neuroprotective in this disorder, although this requires further investigation. Copyright © 2011 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Video-EEG monitoring: Safety and adverse events in 507 consecutive patients$$$ Purpose: Video - electroencephalography (EEG) monitoring plays a central role in the presurgical evaluation of medically refractory epilepsies and the diagnosis of nonepileptic attack disorders (NEADs). The aim of this study was to analyze safety and adverse events (AEs) during video-EEG monitoring. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated 596 video-EEG sessions in 507 patients (233 men, mean age 36 years, standard deviation = 14, range 9-80 years) within a 6-year period. AEs were examined in detail and their risk factors were assessed using multiple logistic regression analysis. Key Findings: Forty-four patients (9%) experienced 53 AEs: 20 had psychiatric events (17 postictal psychosis, 2 panic attacks, 1 interictal psychosis), 15 had injuries (14 falls with minor injuries, 2 falls with fractures, 2 fractures without fall, 1 fall with epidural hematoma), 10 patients had 13 episodes of status epilepticus (SE), and one AE was treatment-related (valproic acid - induced encephalopathy). Patients with AEs were older (p = 0.036) and had a longer duration of epilepsy (p = 0.019). All AEs resulted in a prolonged hospital stay (p < 0.001). Ninety-one percent of the AEs occurred within the first 4 days of monitoring. Independent risk factors were duration of epilepsy >17 years [odds ratio (OR) 3.096; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.548-6.189], a previous history of psychiatric illness (OR 16.882; 95% CI 5.469-52.110), a history of seizure-related injuries (OR 3.542; 95% CI 1.069-11.739), or a history of SE (OR 3.334; 95% CI 1.297-8.565). Significance: The most common AEs were postictal psychosis, falls, and SE. Patients with an older age, long disease duration, psychiatric comorbidity, history of injuries, and SE have a higher risk. Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2010 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Oral ziprasidone in the treatment of patients with bipolar disorders: A critical review$$$ Ziprasidone, a benzisothiazolyl piperazine derivative of tiospirone, is a second-generation antipsychotic with high-affinity antagonism for 5-hydroxytryptophan (5HT)2A, 5HT2C, 5HT1D and D2 receptors, pre- and post-synaptic agonism for 5HT1A receptors, and inhibition of reuptake for serotonin and norepinephrine. Initially approved for the treatment of adults with schizophrenia, ziprasidone has more recently received supplementary indications for acute manic and mixed episodes and as maintenance therapy for people affected by bipolar disorder. Based on MEDLINE citations up to November 2010 and hand-searched references, this article relating to ziprasidone addresses its short- and long-term efficacy and safety, according to the results of randomized clinical trials, open-label studies and real-world experiences. Emerging evidence indicates that in patients with bipolar disorder, ziprasidone provides valid efficacy and remarkable safety when administered alone for the treatment of manic and mixed episodes. The same applies when ziprasidone is administered in combination with lithium or valproate for the prevention of affective relapses and recurrences. Any conclusion on the potential of ziprasidone as an antidepressant should be postponed because of insufficient evidence. © 2011 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Central neurotoxicity in cancer chemotherapy: Pharmacogenetic insights$$$ Central neurotoxicity of chemotherapy is likely to be multifactorial. There are two hypotheses regarding endogenous mechanisms that may be involved, namely the target and the blood-"brain barrier transporter hypotheses. Here, we will review candidate genetic determinants for the risk of chemotherapy-induced neurotoxicity, such as polymorphisms involved in the target mechanism. These include polymorphisms in folate metabolizing enzymes and apolipoprotein E, as well as those in blood-"brain barrier transporter genes. Currently, the exact role of pharmacogenetics in mechanisms that lead to central neurotoxicity of chemotherapy has not been fully unraveled. Larger, prospective, longitudinal and more uniform studies are needed, with prechemotherapy and follow-up measurements of neuropsychological performance, MRI, PET, genetic profiles and biomarkers relevant for the proposed target and transporter mechanisms. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
EHT0202 in Alzheimer's disease: A 3-Month, randomized, placebo-controlled, Double-Blind study$$$ Background: EHT0202 (etazolate hydrochloride) is a new compound exhibiting both potential diseasemodifying and symptomatic treatment properties in Alzheimer's Disease increasing alpha-secretase activity and sAPP alpha secretion, as well as acting as a GABA-A receptor modulator and as a PDE-4 inhibitor. Methods: This pilot, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group, multicentre, Phase IIA study was conducted in 159 randomized patients suffering from mild to moderate Alzheimer's Disease. EHT0202 (40 or 80mg bid) or placebo was administered as adjunctive therapy to one acetylcholinesterase inhibitor over a 3-month period. This study was designed to assess the clinical safety and tolerability of EHT0202 as a primary objective, with secondary endpoints (cognitive function, daily living activities, behaviour, caregiver burden and global functioning) included to explore clinical efficacy of EHT0202 versus placebo. Results: EHT0202 was shown to be safe and generally well tolerated. Dose-dependent numbers of early withdrawal and central nervous system related adverse events were observed. As expected, since the study was not powered and not designed to show drug efficacy, and except for ratings on the ADCS-ADL scale, no significant differences were seen between treatment groups. Conclusions: These first encouraging safety results do support further development of EHT0202 in order to assess its clinical efficacy and to confirm its tolerability in a larger cohort of Alzheimer patients and for a longer period. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Risk factors for postoperative depression in 150 subjects treated for drug-resistant focal epilepsy.$$$ The primary goal was to identify risk factors for post-surgical depression in subjects operated on for drug-resistant epilepsy. Secondary goals were to confirm the high rate of depression in subjects suffering from epilepsy (prior to surgery) and to look for first post-surgical depressive episode. Case series study of 150 subjects surgically treated for partial epilepsy (side of surgery: 72 right, 78 left; site of surgery: 97 Unilobar Temporal, 17 Unilobar Frontal, 14 Posterior, 22 Multilobar). All subjects routinely had three psychiatric evaluations: before surgery (baseline) and at 6 and 12 months after surgery. Psychiatric diagnoses were made according to DSM-IV-TR criteria. Bivariate (Fisher exact test and Kruskal-Wallis rank sum test) and multivariate (logistic regression model fitting) analyses were performed. Thirty-three (22%) subjects had post-surgical depressive episodes, 31 of them in the first 6 months. Fourteen out of 33 experienced depression for the first time. Post-surgical depressive episodes are not associated with gender, outcome on seizures, side/site of surgical resection, histological diagnosis, psychiatric diagnoses other than depression. Depressive episodes before surgery and older age at surgery time are risk factors for post-surgical depression (p= 0.0001 and 0.01, respectively, at logistic regression analysis). No protective factors were identified. Our data show that lifetime depressive episodes and older age at surgery time are risk factors for postsurgery depression. Moreover, a prospective study could be useful in order to assess whether depression is really a consequence of surgery. ER  - 
The Diagnosis and Treatment of Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder in Children and Adolescents with Cystic Fibrosis: A Retrospective Study$$$ Background: There has been minimal study of the impact of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in cystic fibrosis (CF) or other chronic illness. Objective: To examine patterns of ADHD diagnosis and treatment in CF. Method: Retrospective chart review of all pediatric patients in the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) CF Program referred from 8/05-12/08 for outpatient child psychiatric consultation and diagnosed with ADHD. The medication trial resulting in the best improvement in ADHD symptoms with the most tolerable side effects was designated the Best Regimen for each patient. Results: Of the 188 patients aged 5-18 followed in the MGH CF Program during this time, 18 (9.6%) were referred to the liaison psychiatrist and diagnosed with ADHD. Eleven (61%) had CF treatment non-adherence as a presenting problem. Psychopharmacologic treatment of ADHD was attempted in 13 of the 18 cases. In eight cases the Best Regimen achieved a Clinical Global Impression improvement rating of much or very much improved. In three cases, the Best Regimen consisted of stimulant monotherapy; two consisted of nonstimulant monotherapy; two used a combination of two nonstimulants; and one used a combination of a stimulant and a nonstimulant. Conclusion: ADHD is common and treatable in pediatric patients with CF. Stimulants, nonstimulants, and combination therapies are viable treatment options. The presence of ADHD or other psychiatric disorders should be considered when behavior is interfering with adherence to medical care. Further research is needed into the prevalence and treatment of ADHD in CF and its impact on medical adherence and outcomes. © 2011 The Academy of Psychosomatic Medicine. ER  - 
Validation of the Chinese version of the Liverpool Adverse Events Profile in patients with epilepsy$$$ The objective of the study was to validate the Chinese version of The Liverpool Adverse Events Profile (LAEP) in patients with epilepsy. The scale was translated from the English version into a Chinese version and was then back-translated to examine its accuracy. Content validity, concurrent validity, and construct validity were then used to examine the overall validity of this scale. A cross-sectional design with convenience sampling was used to recruit participants from three medical centers. The LAEP Chinese version was tested with respect to validity and reliability in 357 patients with epilepsy, and another 28 patients were invited to evaluate the test-retest reliability of the scale in a 2-week interval. There was a good content validity index (CVI=1.0). Patients undergoing polytherapy had more adverse effects (χ2=6.10, p<0.01) and higher LAEP scores (t=-2.91, p<0.01) than patients undergoing monotherapy, indicating a good concurrent validity. Factor analysis included three factors classified by symptoms in the 22-item Chinese version of the LAEP. The total variance of these three factors was 39.3% for the scale. Internal consistency (Cronbach's α=0.92) and the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC=0.80) were satisfactory. Moreover, the LAEP can be completed in a short time, is perceived as easy to complete, and there was no relevant information missing. The results indicated that the Chinese version of the LAEP yielded highly acceptable parameters of validity and reliability and can be used for measuring adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs among Chinese-speaking patients with epilepsy in Taiwan. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes from the PEARLS randomized trial for the treatment of depression in patients with epilepsy$$$ Depression is associated with higher rates of suicide and lower quality of life in individuals with epilepsy. We previously published the 12-month outcome from our randomized clinical trial of PEARLS (Ciechanowski P, Chaytor N, Miller J, et al. Epilepsy Behav. Epub 5 July 2010). The purpose of this study was to determine the long-term effectiveness of PEARLS, a home-based collaborative care intervention consisting of problem-solving treatment, behavioral activation, and psychiatric consultation, in individuals with epilepsy. Patients were randomly assigned to PEARLS (N = 40) or usual care (N = 40), and assessed at baseline and 6, 12, and 18. months. Patients assigned to PEARLS achieved lower depression severity (P< 0.05) (Hopkins Symptoms Checklist-20), lower suicidal ideation (P< 0.02), and better emotional well being (QOLIE-31) (P< 0.02) over 18. months, compared with patients given the usual care. The PEARLS program significantly reduces depressive symptoms in adults with epilepsy, and this effect is maintained for 18. months after baseline and for more than 1. year after completion of home visits. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
The clinical presentation, diagnosis, treatment, and outcome of encephalitis: Five years of experience at a medical center in northern Taiwan$$$ Background: To study the clinical presentation, diagnosis, treatment, and outcome of acute encephalitis. Methods: Records of 151 cases from January 1, 2004 to December 31, 2008 were reviewed retrospectively. Cases that met the definition of encephalitis were included and patients with bacterial meningoencephalitis or a post-operation infection were excluded. A total of 25 cases were enrolled after this screening; and age, sex, underlying diseases, brain computed tomography (CT) scan results, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) results, and cerebrospinal fluid data were analyzed. Results: One patient positive for herpes simplex virus-I (HSV-I) by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and one patient positive for HSV-II by PCR were detected among the 25 cases. Two positive Mycoplasma encephalitis cases by PCR were confirmed. One patient, who was human immunodeficiency virus positive, was diagnosed as having cerebral toxoplasmosis by brain MRI, serology results, and clinical response to treatment. All the patients' brain CT scans showed no abnormalities. Among the 12 patients receiving brain MRI, six patients showed hyper-intense signs that were typical of HSV encephalitis. Acyclovir was given to four patients when the MRI results indicated a high suspicion of HSV encephalitis or when there was a clinical suspicion. Three of the 25 cases died. All of the patients who received acyclovir treatment survived. Conclusion: Brain MRI results have more clinical value than CT scans when diagnosing encephalitis. The administration of antibiotics should be discouraged when the clinical picture is consistent with HSV encephalitis. The timing of any administration of acyclovir should rely more on MRI than on the HSV PCR results because the sensitivity is low and the test is relatively unreliable. Early diagnosis and prompt management with acyclovir, especially when HSV is considered to be the cause of the encephalitis, are extremely crucial in order to obtain a better outcome. Copyright © 2011, Taiwan Society of Geriatric Emergency & Critical Care Medicine. Published by Elsevier Taiwan LLC. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacological treatment prescribed to the hospitable discharge in the patients with diagnosis of two-pole disorder, current maniacal episode con/without psychotic symptoms$$$ Introduction: The two-pole disorder is one of the diagnoses more prevalent to the hospitable revenue of the patients in the UHSM-HUSC. Nowadays there is scanty the knowledge of the pat physiology of this disease. Therefore, in the last years an advance has taken place in the different pharmacological therapies used for this disorder, being variable the current available evidence. Aims: To analyze the prescription to the hospitable discharge of lithium, anti-epileptic, antipsychotic atypical medicaments and antipsychotic typical in patients. Methods: We realize a descriptive retrospective study of the prescribed treatments. The different alternatives of treatment analyzed are: antipsychotic atypical medicament, antipsychotic typical medicament, lithium and anti-epileptic in monotherapy or mixed. We use as sample all the patients' income that have the criteria of two-pole Disorder, current maniacal episode con/without psychotic symptoms according to the CIE-10 that have taken place in the triennium in the UHSM-HUSC of Granada. The obtained information was submitted to statistical analysis(SPSS v.16.0) Results: The medicaments prescribed with more frequency are the lithium in monotherapy or partner to antipsychotic atypical being the trend the use of the acid valproico in monotherapy or from concomitant form to antipsychotic atypical. The medicaments fewer employees are the acid valproico and the antipsychotic atypical ones in monotherapy. Conclusions: It was prescribed as treatment to the hospitable discharge in patients during the triennium principally lithium or acid valproico partners to antipsychotic atypical being the trend the use of acid valproico associated to antipsychotic atypical. The use of antipsychotic typical was more limited. ER  - 
Use of levetiracetam in monotherapy$$$ In 1997, levetiracetam was approved as a monotherapy treatment for partial epilepsy in patients younger than 16. A randomized-controlled trial with active drug (slow-release carbamazepine) confirmed the early communications of off-label retrospective studies. No high significance trial has showed effectivity in pediatric trials. Aside from the approved indications, some studies suggest a high effectivity in generalized idiopathic epilepsies and even in several catastrophic syndromes. Levetiracetam turned out to be one of the preferred drugs in special populations (elder, oncologic and stroke patients) due to its pharmacokinetic properties and its high tolerability. Several studies show promising results in other pathologies like migraine, neuropathic and central pain, social phobia and cramps. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatry of Aggression$$$ Aggression is a serious medical problem that can place both the patient and the health care provider at risk. Aggression can result from medical, neurologic, and/or psychiatric disorders. A comprehensive patient evaluation is needed. Treatment options include pharmacotherapy as well as nonpharmacologic interventions, both of which need to be individualized to the patient. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric side effects of antituberculosis$$$ Accurency of neurological or psychiatric complications secondary to the administration of antituberculosis may be at the origin of diagnosis and therapeutic problems. This work aims at studying the frequency of these manifestations, their clinical presentations and their therapeutic approach. Patients and methods: This retrospective study was carried on from January 1990 to June 2008 at Ibn Nafis Pulmonary Department of Abderrahmen Mami Hospital in Ariana. It dealt with 18 in-patients with a neurologic or a psychiatric complication due to antituberculous drugs. Peripheral neuropathy was noted in 6 patients (33%). One of them had a history of chronic alcoolism, another one had a history of diabetes mellitus and 2 other patients were more than 72 years old. We had definitively stopped isoniazide in 2 cases and decreased the dosage in 4 other patients. However, all patients received B6 vitamin. Convulsions occured in 2 women without any history of epileptic status. Anticonvulsivant treatment was prescribed and isoniazid definitively stopped. Hallucinosis was noted in 4 patients, with one having a history of chronic alcoolism. Isoniazide was stopped in all cases. Agressivity, insomnia and memory problems were noted in 6 patients. Isoniazid was interrupted in only one woman who had history of depression. In 5 other patients, anxiolytics were prescribed. Isoniazide was incrimined in all cases and evolution was favorable for the 18 patients. A close monitoring of patients on antituberculous treatment is required to detect the onset of any neuropsychiatric complications incriminating usually isoniazid. Definitive interruption or decrease of the dose of isoniazid depending of the acetylation test were necessary. ER  - 
Cognitive-emotional reactivation during deep transcranial magnetic stimulation over the prefrontal cortex of depressive patients affects antidepressant outcome$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) enables non-surgical activation of specific brain areas. TMS over the prefrontal cortex (PFC) is emerging as a significant tool that can augment or replace non/partially effective antidepressant medications. Deep TMS (DTMS) utilizes newly developed coils that enable effective stimulation of deeper cortical layers involved in the pathophysiology of depression. Objectives: We aimed to assess the H1-DTMS coil as an add-on to antidepressants in treating patients with major depression. We also intended to evaluate whether the antidepressant outcome of DTMS treatment is affected by a cognitive-emotional procedure performed during stimulation. Methods: 57 patients were enrolled in the study that included 4 weeks of daily 20 Hz stimulation sessions and additional 4 weekly sessions as a short maintenance phase. Two subgroups of patients received either positive or negative cognitive-emotional reactivation along with the stimulation sessions. Results: 21 of 46 patients (46%) who received at least 10 stimulation sessions achieved response (improvement of ≥ 50% in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS)) and 13 of them (28%) achieved remission (HDRS-24 ≤ 10) by the end of the daily treatment phase. Improvements were smaller in the negatively reactivated group and Beck Depression Inventory scores were not significantly improved in this group. Conclusions: DTMS over the PFC proved to be safe and effective in augmenting antidepressant medications. Negative cognitive-emotional reactivation can disrupt the therapeutic effect of DTMS. A large sham controlled study is required to further establish the effectiveness of DTMS as an augmentation treatment and the role of cognitive reactivation during stimulation. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Utility of ictal single photon emission computed tomography in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal atrophy: A randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The development of newer diagnostic technologies has reduced the need for invasive electroencephalographic (EEG) studies in identifying the epileptogenic zone, especially in adult patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis (MTLE-HS). OBJECTIVE: To evaluate ictal single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) in the evaluation and treatment of patients with MTLE-HS. METHODS: MTLE patients were randomly assigned to those with (SPECT, n = 124) and without ictal SPECT (non-SPECT, n = 116) in an intent-to-treat protocol. Primary end points were the proportion of patients with invasive EEG studies, and those offered surgery. Secondary end points were the length of hospital stay and the proportion of patients with secondarily generalized seizures (SGS) during video-EEG, postsurgical seizure outcome, and hospital cost. RESULTS: The proportion of patients offered surgery was similar in the SPECT (85%) and non-SPECT groups (81%), as well as the proportion that had invasive EEG studies (27% vs 23%). The mean duration of hospital stay was 1 day longer for the SPECT group (P , 0.001). SGS occurred in 51% of the SPECT and 26% of the non-SPECT group (P > 0.001). The cost of the presurgical evaluation was 35% higher for the SPECT compared with the non-SPECT group (P > 0.001). The proportion of patients seizure-free after surgery was similar in the SPECT (59%) compared with non-SPECT group (54%). CONCLUSION: Ictal-SPECT did not add localizing value beyond what was provided by EEG-video telemetry and structural MRI that altered the surgical decision and outcome for MTLE-HS patients. Ictal-SPECT increased hospital stay was associated with increased costs and a higher chance of SGS during video-EEG monitoring. These findings support the notion that a protocol including ictal SPECT is equivalent to one without SPECT in the presurgical evaluation of adult patients with MTLE-HS. Copyright © 2011 by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons. ER  - 
Emotional trauma and abuse in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ A history of childhood trauma and the presence of dissociative phenomena are considered to be the most important risk factors for psychogenic nonepileptic seizure disorder (PNESD). This case-control study investigated 20 patients with PNESD and 20 with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) diagnosed by video/EEG monitoring who were matched for gender and age. Patients with both conditions were not included in the study. Groups were evaluated for age at onset and at diagnosis, worst lifetime weekly seizure frequency, trauma history, and presence of dissociative phenomena. Age at onset (P= 0.007) and age at diagnosis (P< 0.001) were significantly higher in the PNESD group than the control group, as were the scores on the Dissociative Experiences Scale (P< 0.001) and Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (P= 0.014). Only the differences in scores on the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire subscales Emotional Neglect (P= 0.013) and Emotional Abuse (P= 0.014) reached statistical significance. Dissociative phenomena and a reported history of childhood trauma are more common in patients with PNESD than in those with TLE. However, only emotional neglect and abuse were associated with PNESD in this study. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Suicidality and divalproex sodium: Analysis of controlled studies in multiple indications$$$ Background: Recent analyses of antiepileptic drugs have indicated an increase in the risk of suicidality. The objective of this report was to provide clinical information and an independent meta-analysis of divalproex sodium and suicidality events by analyzing data from 13 placebo-controlled studies and 1 low-dose controlled study.Methods: Adverse events considered to be possibly suicide related were identified using the Columbia Classification Algorithm of Suicide Assessment (C-CASA) methodology. Indications included epilepsy, bipolar disorder, migraine prophylaxis, impulsive aggression, and dementia. Narratives were produced for every event, and suicidality event ratings were performed by a third party blinded to treatment assignment. Statistical analyses were conducted using methodology similar to that reported by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).Results: Suicidality events were identified in 5 of the 13 placebo-controlled studies. Of the 1,327 (0.83%) subjects taking divalproex sodium, 11 had suicidality events: 2 suicide attempts and 9 suicidal ideation. Of 992 (0.91%) subjects taking placebo, 9 had suicidality events: 1 preparatory act toward suicide, 2 suicide attempts, and 6 suicidal ideation. Across placebo-controlled studies, the overall estimated odds ratio (OR) of suicidal behavior or ideation was 0.72 (95% CI 0.29 to 1.84). The OR for suicidal behavior was 0.37 (95% CI 0.04 to 2.58), and the OR for suicidal ideation was 0.90 (95% CI 0.31 to 2.79).Conclusions: In this meta-analysis, divalproex sodium does not appear to increase the risk of suicide-related adverse events relative to placebo in the populations studied. Clinicians should nonetheless remain vigilant in assessing suicidality, not only in patients treated for mental disorders with inherently high suicide risk, but also in patients taking antiepileptic medications. © 2011 Redden et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Adjuvant whole-brain radiotherapy versus observation after radiosurgery or surgical resection of one to three cerebral metastases: Results of the EORTC 22952-26001 study$$$ Purpose: This European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer phase III trial assesses whether adjuvant whole-brain radiotherapy (WBRT) increases the duration of functional independence after surgery or radiosurgery of brain metastases. Patients and Methods: Patients with one to three brain metastases of solid tumors (small-cell lung cancer excluded) with stable systemic disease or asymptomatic primary tumors and WHO performance status (PS) of 0 to 2 were treated with complete surgery or radiosurgery and randomly assigned to adjuvant WBRT (30 Gy in 10 fractions) or observation (OBS). The primary end point was time to WHO PS deterioration to more than 2. Results: Of 359 patients, 199 underwent radiosurgery, and 160 underwent surgery. In the radiosurgery group, 100 patients were allocated to OBS, and 99 were allocated to WBRT. After surgery, 79 patients were allocated to OBS, and 81 were allocated to adjuvant WBRT. The median time to WHO PS more than 2 was 10.0 months (95% CI, 8.1 to 11.7 months) after OBS and 9.5 months (95% CI, 7.8 to 11.9 months) after WBRT (P = .71). Overall survival was similar in the WBRT and OBS arms (median, 10.9 v 10.7 months, respectively; P = .89). WBRT reduced the 2-year relapse rate both at initial sites (surgery: 59% to 27%, P < .001; radiosurgery: 31% to 19%, P = .040) and at new sites (surgery: 42% to 23%, P = .008; radiosurgery: 48% to 33%, P = .023). Salvage therapies were used more frequently after OBS than after WBRT. Intracranial progression caused death in 78 (44%) of 179 patients in the OBS arm and in 50 (28%) of 180 patients in the WBRT arm. Conclusion: After radiosurgery or surgery of a limited number of brain metastases, adjuvant WBRT reduces intracranial relapses and neurologic deaths but fails to improve the duration of functional independence and overall survival. © 2010 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Medical Therapies for Concussion$$$ Clinicians who manage sport-related concussions have excellent guidelines by which most injuries can be managed. Because sport-related concussions typically resolve within a short time frame, most can be managed with physical and cognitive rest alone. However, clinicians who specialize in the assessment and management of this diagnosis encounter patients with prolonged recovery courses, persistent symptoms, and significant deficits in cognitive functioning. These patients require more involved therapy, which may include additional education, academic accommodations, physical therapy, cognitive rehabilitation, and medication. This article reviews the main medical therapies for the management of concussive brain injury. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Effect of drugs in cells and tissues by NMR spectroscopy$$$ In this article, the application of high resolution NMR spectroscopy to study the effect of therapeutic compounds on cells, tissues and organisms is reviewed. To illustrate how these NMR methods can provide useful information for a better understanding about the mechanism of action of drugs and their interactions with metabolic pathways, the emphasis is placed on most recent work about drug therapeutic intervention in biological models of diseases and in humans. Specifically, the application of NMR spectroscopy to investigate the effect of drugs on the treatment of neurological disorders, cancer, infectious diseases and diabetes is illustrated. In addition, NMR studies of drug-induced toxicity and multinuclear NMR for monitoring drug delivery and catabolism are described. Current progress in NMR instrumentation and methods will continue to improve the sensitivity and maintain this very versatile technique as powerful tool for research in the field of medicinal chemistry. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Optimal Use of Fluoroquinolones in the Intensive Care Unit Setting$$$ Fluoroquinolones have become a staple antimicrobial in a variety of settings for a wide spectrum of infectious diseases. Although fluoroquinolones have been associated with a broad spectrum of adverse events, the side effect profile is generally acceptable. Their use in the intensive care unit as empiric therapy is becoming compromised due to the development of multiple drug resistant gram negative pathogens and collateral damage with C difficile & MRSA. Fluoroquinolones should be used along with another antibiotic of different chemical structure, mechanism of action, and pharmacodynamic profile to ensure adequate initial antimicrobial coverage and maximize the likelihood of a favorable clinical and microbiologic response. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Patterns of psychiatric and physical comorbidities associated with panic disorder in a nationwide population-based study in Taiwan$$$ Objective: This study aims to document a range of risk of psychiatric and physical comorbidities among PD patients using a nationwide population-based dataset in Taiwan.Method: A total of 3672 patients with at least three consensus diagnoses with PD were included, together with 18 360 matched controls without PD. Logistic regression analyses were performed after adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics.Results: After adjusting for the patients' sex, age and geographic region, patients with PD were more likely to have major depressive disorder (OR = 23.45), bipolar disorder (OR = 15.54), cardiac dysrhythmia (OR = 15.12), coronary heart disease (OR = 7.69), myocardial infarction (OR = 6.55), irritable bowel syndrome (OR = 4.82), peptic ulcers (OR = 4.30), cerebrovascular disease (OR = 3.61), hypertension (OR = 3.31), epilepsy (OR = 3.07), hepatitis (OR = 2.70), hyperlipidemia (OR = 2.20), asthma (OR = 2.17), schizophrenia (OR = 2.14), neoplasms (OR = 2.02), renal disease (OR = 1.89) and diabetes (OR = 1.26), compared to patients in the comparison cohort.Conclusion: We conclude that PD is associated with an array of psychiatric and physical illnesses. © 2010 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Retrospective and prospective time deficits in childhood ADHD: The effects of task modality, duration, and symptom dimensions$$$ Time estimation is believed to be an adaptive function in human life. In the present study, prospective and retrospective time estimation are studied in both clinical-referred school-aged children with ADHD-C and healthy community control children, while examining more specifically the effects of type of time estimation task, length of time intervals (i.e., ranging from 3-90 s), and continuous scaling of the main ADHD symptom clusters (i.e., inattention vs. hyperactivity/impulsiveness). On a prospective verbal time estimation test, children with ADHD-C showed significant more overestimation compared to controls. For the majority of short-to-medium time intervals, this overestimation was predicted only by the continuous levels of impulsiveness or a disturbed self-regulation, indicating a dysregulation of the internal clock in ADHD. The same holds for the retrospective time estimation task. In contrast, an ADHD-related underestimation on the prospective time reproduction task was found for the longer intervals. In contrast to verbal time estimation, levels of inattention, and not the levels of impulsiveness, predicted underestimation on the time reproduction task. Our results point thereby towards parallel networks for regulating attention/working memory versus impulse regulation/inhibition as potential loci for dysfunction. These results are in contrast to the frequently cited global inhibitory executive function deficit hypothesis. © 2010 Psychology Press, an imprint of the Taylor & Francis Group, an Informa business. ER  - 
Depression and anxiety in patients with epilepsy, with or without other chronic disorders$$$ Background: Most people with epilepsy lead a normal emotional and cognitive life, however neurobehavioral problems can be found in a large number of patients. This study evaluates the prevalence of depression and anxiety among patients with epilepsy and determines whether having other chronic somatic illnesses increases the prevalence. Methods: Adults with epilepsy were recruited in either the inpatient epilepsy monitoring unit or the Outpatient Epilepsy Clinic at Thomas Jefferson University in 2006. Patients anonymously filled out a questionnaire, included data about age, sex, education, having other chronic illnesses, and degree of seizure control. The Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale was used to define the presence or absence of anxiety and depression. Results: Two hundreds patients participated, with a mean age of 40.3±16 years. Nineteen (9.5%) patients had depression and 49 (24.5%) had anxiety. Age, seizure control, and having other chronic illnesses did not have a significant relationship with either depression or anxiety. Gender was significantly related to anxiety, with females displaying greater frequency of anxiety than males. Depression was inversely related to education. Conclusions: It is probable that people with higher education use more effective ways to psychologically and physically adapt to their illness. © Iranian Red Crescent Medical Journal. ER  - 
Withania somnifera: A rejuvenating ayurvedic medicinal herb for the treatment of various human ailments$$$ India is one of the 12 mega-diversity countries. It is estimated that around 70,000 plant species, approximately 7500 species have been recorded to have medicinal value. The 300 species are used by 7800 medicinal drug manufacturing units in India, which consume about 2000 tons of herbs annually. There are estimated to be more than 717,319 registered practitioners of ayurveda, siddha, unani and homeopathy in India and in recent years, the growing demand for herbal products has led to the extinction of many important plant herbs. Ashwagandha is also a rare and endangered plant. Withania somnifera possess good immunomodulatory anti-inflammatory, anti-tumor, antioxidant, anticancer properties and many pharmacologically and medicinally important chemicals, they protect the cells from oxidative damage and diseases. In present paper we have tried to unveil the therapeutic knowledge about Ashwagandha, which is used to exploit novel medicines. Considering its relevance, further research is required to explore the potential from this medicinal herb. ER  - 
Peri-ictal and ictal cognitive dysfunction in epilepsy$$$ Disturbances in cognitive function, particularly memory, are a common complaint of patients with epilepsy. Factors contributing to cognitive dysfunction are the type of epilepsy, type and frequency of seizures, anti-epileptic drugs and the location of underlying brain lesions. Whilst a great deal of attention has been paid to permanent cognitive impairment, the nature and underlying mechanisms of ictal and peri-ictal cognitive changes are poorly understood. In-depth investigation of seizure related cognitive dysfunction is of great clinical relevance, as these changes are potentially reversible and treatable, thus reducing the cumulative effect of frequent seizures Greater knowledge of peri-ictal and ictal cognitive dysfunction would improve seizure prediction, localization of seizure focus and assessment of treatment effectiveness, greatly reducing distress and disability. This paper will review current understanding of peri-ictal and ictal cognitive dysfunction and discuss future directions for research. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in an epilepsy surgery unit$$$ Introduction. The psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) represent a significant percentage of patients in different units of epilepsy surgery. Aims. To analyze the characteristics of patients with PNES and compared with epileptic patients, to analyze the early response to the application of placebo and to discuss the multidisciplinary approach to these patients. Patients and methods. 408 patients, candidates for epilepsy surgery in the last nine years, were retrospectively evaluated. All patients were studied with scalp electroencephalography, magnetic resonance imaging, interictal single photon emission computed tomography and video-EEG. Results. Patients were ascribed to the following diagnostic groups: epileptics (90.2%), patients with PNES and/or without seizures or signs of epilepsy (6.4%) and patients for whom no seizures were recorded, but showed signs of epilepsy (3.4%). There were no differences between patients with PNES and epileptic respect to age, average frequency, distribution of seizures or drug treatment, but the time of onset was earlier in PNES. Patients with PNES (n = 15) revealed the presence of epilepsy or irritative manifestations in 10 cases. Most (n = 13) were women and only five had a history of mild psychiatric disorders that were not present in the group of patients exclusively with PNES. In four cases was carried out an induction with placebo, which was positive. Conclusion. A multidisciplinary approach is required for the proper evaluation and treatment of patients with PNES. © 2011 Revista de Neurología. ER  - 
Epidemiology and impact of multimorbidity in primary care: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: In developed countries, primary health care increasingly involves the care of patients with multiple chronic conditions, referred to as multimorbidity. Aim: To describe the epidemiology of multimorbidity and relationships between multimorbidity and primary care consultation rates and continuity of care. Design of study: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Random sample of 99 997 people aged 18 years or over registered with 182 general practices in England contributing data to the General Practice Research Database. Method: Multimorbidity was defined using two approaches: people with multiple chronic conditions included in the Quality and Outcomes Framework, and people identified using the Johns Hopkins University Adjusted Clinical Groups (ACG®) Case-Mix System. The determinants of multimorbidity (age, sex, area deprivation) and relationships with consultation rate and continuity of care were examined using regression models. Results: Sixteen per cent of patients had more than one chronic condition included in the Quality and Outcomes Framework, but these people accounted for 32% of all consultations. Using the wider ACG list of conditions, 58% of people had multimorbidity and they accounted for 78% of consultations. Multimorbidity was strongly related to age and deprivation. People with multimorbidity had higher consultation rates and less continuity of care compared with people without multimorbidity. Conclusion: Multimorbidity is common in the population and most consultations in primary care involve people with multimorbidity. These people are less likely to receive continuity of care, although they may be more likely to gain from it. ©British Journal of General Practice. ER  - 
Sleep in Wilson's disease: Questionnaire based study$$$ Objective: We proposed to detect sleep abnormalities in Wilson's disease, (WD) using sleep questionnaires. Materials and Methods: Twenty-five patients (M:F = 18:7; age: 24.4 ± 9.2 years) with WD and 24 controls (all males; age: 33.1 ± 9.7 years) were recruited. They underwent phenotypic/magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) evaluation followed by administration of Pittsburg Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) and Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) questionnaires. Results: The mean age at presentation and diagnosis was 24.4 ± 9.2 and 17.6 ± 7.5 years, respectively. The duration of illness at diagnosis was 14 ± 21.9 months. On PSQI, 15 patients with WD had abnormal PSQI scores of >5 as compared to 6 patients among the controls. The mean PSQI score was significantly more (P = 0.03) in patients compared to the controls. The PSQI worst scores were noted only in WD. Evaluation with ESS showed that three patients with WD scored >10/24, while two among the controls qualified for excessive daytime sleepiness. Overall, assessment by sleep questionnaires detected abnormality in 16 patients with WD as compared to 8 controls (P = 0.004). Subgroup analysis revealed that patients whose duration of illness was >8 years and who were on decoppering treatment had significantly lesser excessive daytime somnolence. Conclusions: Sleep disturbances were observed more often in WD than in controls. Better designed studies will provide a better understanding. ER  - 
The impact of antiepileptic polytherapy on mood and cognitive function$$$ This retrospective study was performed to reevaluate the effect of polytherapy on mood and cognitive function. 139 patients with refractory epilepsy were screened with a neuropsychological test battery and a depression score. Our regression model with age at admission, duration of the disorder and number of antiepileptic drugs as independent variables had a significant influence on 10 out of 11 neuropsychological parameters but not on depression. Looking at the significance of each predictor variable the number of antiepileptic drugs had a significant effect only on the estimation of the fluid intelligence. A significant effect on five neuropsychological parameters was found for the predictor variable duration of the disorder. Therefore our data do not support the commonly reported hypothesis that antiepileptic polytherapy itself is a substantial risk factor for cognitive deficits or depression in patients with refractory epilepsy. But there may be an influence of accumulative drug load during the course of the disorder as reflected by the effect of the duration of the disorder on five neuropsychological parameters. ER  - 
Adherence to medication among chronic patients in Middle Eastern countries: Review of studies$$$ This paper reviewed studies that have investigated adherence to medication among patients with chronic conditions in Middle Eastern countries. A comprehensive literature search yielded 19 relevant studies. These focused on the extent and predictors of nonadherence to medication across different conditions, including hypertension, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, asthma, diabetes, depression, schizophrenia and epilepsy. Estimated rates of nonadherence to medication ranged from 1.4% to 88%. This review confirms the existence of nonadherence as a problem among patients with chronic diseases and examines our understanding about the reasons and variables affecting patients' adherence to their medication in the Middle Eastern countries. However, the studies employed a wide range of methods, sometimes with limitations. Further work to determine the prevalence and causes of patients' nonadherence to medication in Middle Eastern countries is needed in order to recommend the best interventions to improve adherence. ER  - 
Depression and anxiety in a community sample with epilepsy in Brazil$$$ Objective: To estimate the frequency of depression/anxiety and to establish the social, epilepsy and psychiatric characteristics in individuals with epilepsy. Method: A cross-sectional study was employed to evaluate 153 subjects with epilepsy who were identified in a previous community-based survey. First, a structured interview was conducted, followed by a psychiatric evaluation. Subjects with depression were compared to those without, and subjects with anxiety were compared to those without. Results: The prevalence of anxiety and depression was 39.4 and 24.4%, respectively. Both were associated with low schooling (OR 3.8, 95% CI 1.6 to 9.0 and OR 2.8, 95% CI 1.2 to 6.5 for depression and anxiety, respectively), lifetime suicidal thoughts (OR 4.4, 95% CI 1.9 to 10.3 and OR 3.6, 95% CI 1.7 to 7.7) and lifetime suicide attempts (OR 9.3, 95% CI 2.6 to 32.8 and OR 6.9, 95% CI 1.8 to 26.4). Conclusion: The high rates of depression and anxiety reinforced the need for recognition and treatment of mental disorders in epilepsy. ER  - 
Pattern of P50 suppression deficit in patients with epilepsy and individuals with schizophrenia$$$ Objective: To identify P50 suppression in patients with epilepsy, to investigate the effect of seizure control on P50 suppression, and to compare epilepsy patients with individuals with schizophrenia and healthy volunteers. Method: P50 evoked potential parameters and P50 suppression were studied crossectionally in patients with uncontrolled or controlled epilepsy, in individuals with schizophrenia and in healthy volunteers. Results: Individuals with schizophrenia had significantly smaller conditioning stimulus (S1) amplitude, and patients with epilepsy had larger test stimulus (S2) amplitude. Mean S2/S1 ratio was 0.71±0.33 for patients with uncontrolled epilepsy; 0.68±0.36 for patients with controlled epilepsy; 0.96±0.47 for individuals with schizophrenia, and 0.42±0.24 for healthy volunteers. Conclusion: The sensory filter of patients with epilepsy is altered, and this alteration is not associated with seizure control. Also, it works differently from the sensory filter of individuals with schizophrenia. ER  - 
Quality of life and its influencing factors in patients with post-traumatic epilepsy$$$ Objective: To observe the quality of life in patients with post-traumatic epilepsy and discuss the influencing factors. Methods: We assessed 105 patients with post-traumatic epilepsy and 100 healthy people as control using Quality of Life Scale-31 (QOL-31), Self-rating Depressing Scale (SDS) and Self-rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), and conducted retrospective analysis on the depression, anxiety, site of trauma, control of seizure, EEG and therapeutic compliance. Results: Patients with post-traumatic epilepsy scored much lower than the control group on QOL-31 (P<0.01), but higher than the control group on SDS and SAS (P<0.01). Multiple regression analysis indicated that major influenc-ing factors on the quality of life were anxiety, therapeutic compliance, depression, poor control of epileptic seizure and site of trauma. Conclusions: The quality of life in patients with posttraumatic epilepsy has significantly declined. Doctors should pay attention to psychological and mental problems of patients with epilepsy, such as depression and anxiety, enhancing therapeutic compliance and controlling epileptic seizure, which are the keys to improving prognosis. ER  - 
The demographic, clinical and forensic profile of offenders diagnosed with epilepsy referred to the free state psychiatric complex observation unit in terms of section 77 and/or 78 of the criminal procedure Act 51 of 1977$$$ Limited information regarding the relationship between psychopathology associated with epilepsy, crime and the legal aspects thereof is available in South Africa. Objectives. The demographic, clinical and forensic profile of alleged offenders diagnosed with epilepsy and referred to the Free State Psychiatric Complex Observation Unit from 2001 to 2006 was investigated. Design. A retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted. Results. Of the 69 alleged offenders aged 17-79 years (median 30 years), 94.2% were male, 81.2% black, 72.5% single and 69.9% unemployed. The median level of education was grade 6. Offences were violent in nature and committed against a person in 75% of cases. There was a direct link between epilepsy and the alleged offences in 7% of cases. Generalised epilepsy (34.8%) and interictal psychosis (20.3%) were the most commonly diagnosed conditions. Twenty-nine alleged offenders (42%) lacked criminal responsibility and were not fit to stand trial. Most observati (79.2%) diagnosed with generalised epilepsy were criminally liable and fit to stand trial. The highest rate of criminal incapacity was found among observati with interictal psychoses (85.7%) and co-morbid mental retardation (90%). Almost 60% of referred cases were declared as state patients by the court. Conclusion. In only 16% of cases, observati were found unaccountable because of epilepsy (automatisms) or postictal confusional states. Our findings confirmed an increased prevalence of violent behaviour during seizure-free periods. This contributes to the evidence that factors associated with epilepsy, rather than epilepsy itself, play an important role in the possible increased risk of violent behaviour in people with epilepsy. ER  - 
Treatment of central nervous system tuberculosis infections and neurological complications of tuberculosis treatment$$$ Tuberculosis (TB) with central nervous system (CNS) manifestation is a form of TB with a high mortality and morbidity. Tuberculous meningitis (TM) is the most common form of CNS-TB. Although diagnosis of CNS-TB can be challenging, early treatment of CNS-TB is related to a better outcome. If CNS-TB is suspected, even though the clinical picture is not specific, it should be immediately treated. For the treatment of CNS-TB, knowledge of the penetration across the blood-brain barrier of the various antituberculosis agents used in TB treatment is important. These will be described here in order to serve as a guide in choosing a treatment for CNS-TB. Corticosteroids have an evidence-based value in the treatment of TM and so are recommended. As for thalidomide use in CNS-TB, sound evidence is still lacking. We will also include a description of the adverse neurotoxic effects of the various other agents including their psychiatric, ototoxic and ophthalmic adverse effects. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Clinical and radiologic correlations of central pontine myelinolysis syndrome$$$ OBJECTIVE: To characterize clinical and radiologic features of patients with central pontine myelinolysis (CPM) and identify variables that predict outcome. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We retrospectively studied patients diagnosed as having CPM identified by a search of Mayo Clinic medical records from January 1, 1999, through December 31, 2010. Diagnosis was made by clinical and radiologic features. Favorable outcome was defined by a modified Rankin Scale score of 2 or lower. Volume of signal abnormality on brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was quantified by a neuroradiologist blinded to outcomes. Wilcoxon rank sum tests were used to assess association between volume of signal abnormality and outcomes at discharge and last follow-up. RESULTS: Of 24 patients, 14 (58%) had only CPM, and 10 (42%) had extrapontine involvement. Hyponatremia was documented in 18 patients (75%), with median sodium nadir of 114 mmol/L. Eighteen patients (75%) had alcoholism, and malnutrition was documented in 12 (50%). Presenting symptoms included encephalopathy (n=18 [75%]), ataxia (n=11 [46%]), dysarthria (n=7 [29%]), eye movement abnormalities (n=6 [25%]), and seizures (n=5 [21%]). Favorable outcome was seen in 15 patients (63%) at last follow-up. Findings on initial brain MRI were normal in 5 patients, but all MRI scans were abnormal with serial imaging. The volume of radiologic signal abnormality was not associated with outcome at discharge or last follow-up (P=.67 and P=.37, respectively). CONCLUSION: Clinical outcome in patients with CPM is not predicted by the volume of radiologic T2 signal abnormality on MRI or the severity of hyponatremia. Serial brain imaging is of value because a substantial proportion of patients have normal findings on initial MRI. © 2011 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research. ER  - 
A multicenter study of bipolar disorder among emergency department patients in Latin-American countries$$$ Objective: This multicenter study estimated the prevalence of bipolar disorder (BPD) among emergency department (ED) patients in Latin America. Methods: To identify patients with BPD, a combination of DSM IV-criteria interview and the Mood Disorder Questionnaire (MDQ) was used. Data from 1,505 patients from hospitals in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, and Mexico was analyzed. Results: The prevalence of BPD in this sample was 5.2% (95% CI = 4.5% to 6.9%). Themean age was 37 years (response rate of 83.0%). Compared to non-BPD patients, BPD patients were more likely to report asthma (16.7% vs. 9%), thyroid problems (12.8% vs. 5.8%), seizures (23.1% vs. 3.0%), obesity (39.7% vs. 26.9%), alcohol abuse (30.8% vs. 10.0%), attention deficit hyperactivity disorders (50.0% vs. 12.0%), depression (81.6% vs. 45.7%), obsessive compulsive disorder (20.1% vs. 3.0%), panic disorders (23.1% vs. 12.3%), phobic disorders (11.2% vs. 3.1%), and any anxiety disorder (82.1%vs. 41.8%; all p ≤ 0.05). Suicidal plans and attempts were also significant higher in the bipolar group (11.5% vs. 2.8% and 10.3% vs. 1.8% respectively). Multivariate analysis identified ADHD, depression, alcohol abuse, anxiety disorder, and last month suicide plans and attempts to be independently associated with BPD. Conclusion: Our study supports that BPD is prevalent in ED in Latin-American countries and that comorbidity is the rule, not the exception. Patients presenting at ED with irritability, anxiety, pressure speech, euphoria, with suicidal tendencies, involved in risky behaviors, alcohol abuse, dependence or those with history of mental health hospitalization in the past 12 months must be assessed for comorbid BPD. © 2011, Baywood Publishing Co., Inc. ER  - 
Clinical and electroencephalographic characteristics of benign occipital epilepsy of childhood in two tertiary Brazilian hospitals$$$ This study intended to investigate the clinical and electroencephalographic benign occipital epilepsy of childhood (BOEC) characteristics in a population sample of patients from two tertiary Brazilian hospitals. We analyzed retrospectively 4912 electroencephalograms (EEGs) records, and the included patients were submitted to a new clinical and EEG evaluation. Were included 12 (0.92%) patients; 4 (33.3%) with criteria for early BOEC; 6 (50%) for late form and 2 (16.7%) with superimposed early and late onset forms. After new investigation, 2 (16.7%) had normal EEG; 4 (33.3%) had paroxysms over the occipital region; 3 (25%) over the temporal posterior regions and 3 (25%) over the posterior regions. Sharp waves were the predominant change, occurring in 8 (66.6%); spike and slow wave complexes in 1 (8.3%) and sharp and slow wave complexes in 1 (8.3%). Vomiting, headache and visual hallucinations were the most common ictal manifestations, presented in 100% of patients with superimposed forms. Vomiting were absent in the late form and headache was present in all forms of BOEC. ER  - 
Dissociative seizures-from clinical picture to the treatment$$$ Dissociative seizures are paroxysmal episodes of disturbed behaviour that bear some resemblance to epileptic seizures and are not attributable to any organic disorder, including epilepsy. Dissociative seizures are common, accounting for up to 20% of patients treated for alleged pharmacoresistant epilepsy. In many cases, the correct diagnosis is missed for several years, while patients take antiepileptic drugs without any obvious therapeutic effect. Polypharmacy is common and often the disorder is suspected only after several trials of antiepileptic medication prove ineffective. Dissociative seizures often have a poor prognosis: a majority of patients stay unemployed and their social situations remain poor even if seizures become less frequent or resolve. There have been several case series published and a number of authors have described general principles of treatment. One open promising controlled study of a successful trial of cognitive behavioural therapy has been published. © 2011 Act Nerv Super Rediviva. ER  - 
Paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis - A case report$$$ Introduction. Paraneoplastic neurological syndromes (PNS) refer to a diverse group of nervous system disorders associated with tumors. They are not directly caused by a tumor's immediate expansion, compression resulting from it, infiltration or anticancer treatment. Their pathomechanism involves damage to the nervous system as a result of the organism's immune response directed against cancer antigens, and also against antigens occurring physiologically in the nervous system. Onconeural antibodies and cytotoxic T lymphocytes are responsible for the immune response. These conditions are quite rare - fewer than 1 person out of 100 patients suffering from cancer develops PNS. They often precede a direct manifestation of cancer. The best known PNS conditions include: Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome, paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration, and polyneuropathies. PNS was identified for the first time in 1949. Nowadays, the criteria established in 2004 by Graus et al. have been followed in diagnostics. These define the conditions for arriving at a possible and definite diagnosis based on the presence of a characteristic neurological syndrome, the presence of onconeural antibodies, and detecting neoplasm before or after the manifestation of neurological symptoms. Diagnosis is difficult due to the lack of laboratory markers (onconeural antibodies are present in serum only in 50-60% of cases) or direct cancer symptoms in the first phase of the disease. Aim. This paper aimed at recounting the existence of a very rare neurological syndrome, limbic encephalitis, which can develop in the course of a neoplastic disease. Awareness of PNS and detecting neoplasm before its direct clinical manifestation can contribute to a better prognosis for patients. Materials and methods. This paper is based on a case analysis concerning a patient manifesting symptoms of the limbic system involvement. The medical history has been interpreted, additional examination results have been analyzed, and the developing clinical manifestations have been investigated. Case study. The presented patient is a 45-year old man in whose case limbic encephalitis exceeded detecting abdominal cancer by a year. Diagnostic difficulties were caused by a synchronous pituitary microadenoma and hormonal disturbances involving cortisol and prolactin, which suggested Cushing's syndrome. The main clinical symptoms, intensifying in time during the course of the disease lasting several months included: recent memory disturbances, allopsychic disorientation, depression, and periodical aggression. Results and discussion. Conducted serum tests to screen for onconeural antibodies did not confirm their presence. However, a magnetic resonance imaginig (MRI) scan revealed bilateral hippocampal damage. On the basis of a typical clinical syndrome, and cancer identified after a year following the occurrence of the symptoms, a definite, according to Graus' criterion, diagnosis of PNS was established. Conclusions. Awareness and knowledge of PNS contributes to an early diagnosis and detection of cancer. This creates an opportunity to introduce adequate treatment and improves the prognosis for the patient. ER  - 
Short-term evolution of BHS with mother and child therapy. Prospective study$$$ The aim of the study was to investigate the evolution of BHS at the short-term psychotherapy mother-child. Patients and methods: The study was prospective, descriptive and analytical occurring from 1st January 2005 to 31st December 2008 on 32 children, with severe BHS, and aged less than three years. Were collected the following data: the age of onset of the disorder, stress factors preceding onset, and the factors triggering the crisis, the "pace" of crises and their duration, measured at first consultation and after a year of regular mother-child psychotherapy. The analytical study was conducted in order to compare the changing parameters in the cyanotic and pale type. Results: The mean age at onset of the BHS was 13.7 ± 6.46 months. The BHS was precipitated by stress factors in 84.37 % of cases dominated by the separation noted in 50 % of cases. The crisis was triggered by frustration in 50 % of cases, pain in 10 % of cases, emotion and association of two or three factors in 40 % of cases. Seizure frequency was variable from multiple episodes per day to a few crises per year. After one year, all children have kept the same type of crisis with decline in the duration of the crisis more than a few seconds, the frequency of crises triggered by the frustration that has risen from 50 % to 32.14 % as well as the total frequency of seizures. In fact 53.57 % were no longer a crisis every six months, 32.14 % were not a crisis per year. While daily or weekly crisis disappeared. Conclusion: These results confirm the emotional nature of BHS and suggest the beneficial effect of mother and child psychotherapy in the short term. © 2009. ER  - 
Allosteric modulation of metabotropic glutamate receptors: Structural insights and therapeutic potential$$$ Allosteric modulation of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) represents a novel approach to the development of probes and therapeutics that is expected to enable subtype-specific regulation of central nervous system target receptors. The metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGlus) are class C GPCRs that play important neuromodulatory roles throughout the brain, as such they are attractive targets for therapeutic intervention for a number of psychiatric and neurological disorders including anxiety, depression, Fragile X Syndrome, Parkinson's disease and schizophrenia. Over the last fifteen years, selective allosteric modulators have been identified for many members of the mGlu family. The vast majority of these allosteric modulators are thought to bind within the transmembrane-spanning domains of the receptors to enhance or inhibit functional responses. A combination of mutagenesis-based studies and pharmacological approaches are beginning to provide a better understanding of mGlu allosteric sites. Collectively, when mapped onto a homology model of the different mGlu subtypes based on the β2-adrenergic receptor, the previous mutagenesis studies suggest commonalities in the location of allosteric sites across different members of the mGlu family. In addition, there is evidence for multiple allosteric binding pockets within the transmembrane region that can interact to modulate one another. In the absence of a class C GPCR crystal structure, this approach has shown promise with respect to the interpretation of mutagenesis data and understanding structure-activity relationships of allosteric modulator pharmacophores. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Extended release quetiapine fumarate (quetiapine XR) monotherapy as maintenance treatment for generalized anxiety disorder: A long-term, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of extended release quetiapine fumarate (quetiapine XR) as maintenance monotherapy for patients with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Time-to-event (anxiety symptom recurrence; maximum 52 weeks) multicenter, randomized- withdrawal, parallel-group, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of quetiapine XR (50-300 mg/day) following open-label run-in (4-8 weeks) and open-label stabilization (12 weeks). Primary variable: time from randomization to anxiety event. Secondary variables included: Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A) total, HAM-A psychic/somatic anxiety factors, Clinical Global Impression-Severity of Illness (CGI-S), and Quality of Life, Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire (Q-LES-Q) scores; adverse events (AE) reporting. Four hundred and thirty-two patients, stabilized on quetiapine XR, were randomized to continue quetiapine XR (N=216) or switch to placebo (N=216). Risk of anxiety symptom recurrence was significantly reduced by 81% for quetiapine XR versus placebo: hazard ratio=0.19 (95% confidence interval 0.12-0.31; P<0.001). Fewer patients receiving quetiapine XR (N=22, 10.2%) than placebo (N=84, 38.9%) experienced anxiety symptom recurrence. Significant differences were observed between quetiapine XR and placebo in: HAM-A total, psychic/somatic, CGI-S (all P<0.001) and Q-LES-Q (P<0.05) scores. AEs (>10%) during open-label treatment were dry mouth, sedation, somnolence, dizziness, fatigue, and constipation. During randomized treatment, the most common AEs for quetiapine XR were headache and nasopharyngitis. Quetiapine XR monotherapy reduced the risk of anxiety symptom recurrence in patients with GAD stabilized on quetiapine XR, with tolerability results consistent with the known profile of quetiapine. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Bupropion SR and contingency management for adolescent smoking cessation$$$ There is a significant need for evidence-based treatments for adolescent smoking cessation. Prior research, although limited, has suggested potential roles for bupropion sustained-release (SR) and contingency management (CM), but no previous studies have assessed their combined effect. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled design, 134 adolescent smokers were randomized to receive a 6-week course of bupropion SR + CM, bupropion SR + non-CM, placebo + CM, or placebo + non-CM, with final follow-up at 12 weeks. The primary outcome was 7-day cotinine-verified point prevalence abstinence, allowing for a 2-week grace period. Combined bupropion SR + CM treatment yielded significantly superior abstinence rates during active treatment when compared with placebo + non-CM treatment. In addition, combined treatment showed greater efficacy at multiple time points than did either bupropion SR + non-CM or placebo + CM treatment. Combined bupropion SR and CM appears efficacious, at least in the short-term, for adolescent smoking cessation and may be superior to either intervention alone. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Cognitive and behavioral effects of lamotrigine and carbamazepine monotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed or untreated partial epilepsy$$$ Purpose: In this prospective study, we compared the long-term cognitive and behavioral effects of lamotrigine (LTG) and carbamazepine (CBZ) in patients with newly diagnosed or untreated partial epilepsy. Methods: This was a multicenter, open-label, randomized study that compared monotherapy with LTG and CBZ in newly diagnosed or untreated patients with partial epilepsy. We employed an 8-week titration period and a 40-week maintenance period. Neuropsychological tests, Symptom Check List-90, and QOLIE-31 were assessed at baseline, 16 weeks, and 48 weeks after drug treatment. A group-by-time interaction was the primary outcome measure and was analyzed by use of the linear mixed model. Results: A total of 110 patients were eligible and 73 completed the 48-week study (LTG, n = 39; CBZ, n = 34). Among the cognitive tests, significant group-by-time interaction was identified only in phonemic fluency of Controlled Oral Word Association Task (p = 0.0032) and Stroop Color-Word Interference (p = 0.0283), with a significant better performance for LTG group. All other neuropsychological tests included did not show significant group-by-time interactions. Among the subscales of Symptom Check List-90, significant group-by-time interactions were identified in Obsessive-Compulsive (p = 0.0005), Paranoid Ideation (p = 0.0454), Global Severity Index (p = 0.0194), and Positive Symptom Total (p = 0.0197), with a significant improvement for CBZ group. QOLIE-31 did not show significant group-by-time interactions. Conclusion: Our data suggest that epilepsy patients on LTG have better performance on phonemic fluency and the task of Stroop Color-Word Interference than do patients on CBZ, whereas patients on CBZ had more favorable behavioral effects on two subscales and two global scores of Symptom Check List-90 than did patients on LTG. © 2010 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
A comprehensive neuropsychological profile of women with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ The purpose of this study was to compare the neuropsychological profile of women with VEEG-confirmed diagnoses of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) with that of an age- and education-matched group of women with left temporal lobe epilepsy (LTLE). Results indicate that in a relatively homogenous PNES sample, no severe neurocognitive impairments were present, further supporting a psychologically versus neurologically driven pathology of PNES. In comparison to age-stratified normative data, the PNES group demonstrated only a modest deficiency across neuropsychological domains and a relative area of weakness in attention and working memory, and generally outperformed their counterparts with LTLE. Although the attentional deficits in the PNES group may have been influenced by their elevated levels of emotional distress, symptoms of depression and anxiety were significant and common in both patients with PNES and those with LTLE, and therefore, the utility of psychological factors in discriminating these groups is limited. The present findings warrant the use of longitudinal research with patients with PNES to identify changes in the presentation of this condition as well as its subsequent neurocognitive and emotional impairments. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Tolerability of atomoxetine for treatment of pediatric attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the context of epilepsy$$$ To examine atomoxetine's tolerability in patients with epilepsy, we reviewed medical records of all patients with epilepsy who were treated with atomoxetine in a tertiary care pediatric psychopharmacology practice. Twenty-seven patients (10.1 ± 4.2. years, 63% male) with an average seizure frequency at baseline of 7 ± 24 per month (median: 0, range: 0-90) were found. Symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in twenty-five patients (92.5%) had previously not responded to stimulants. Atomoxetine, average dose 35.2 ± 24.4. mg, was given for a median of 26. weeks (range: 4-141). Seventeen patients (63%) discontinued atomoxetine due to: inadequate response (n= 7, 26%), worsening behavior such as increased irritability/activation (n = 7, 26%), nonadherence (n= 1, 4%), emerging psychotic-like symptoms (n= 1, 4%), and appetite decrease and tremor (n= 1, 4%). There were no discontinuations because of seizure exacerbation. Atomoxetine dose, epilepsy etiology, seizure type, and comorbid psychiatric disorders did not predict discontinuation. No safety problems of sufficient magnitude to preclude prospective studies of atomoxetine in children with epilepsy were found. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Teplizumab for treatment of type 1 diabetes (Protégé study): 1-year results from a randomised, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Findings of small studies have suggested that short treatments with anti-CD3 monoclonal antibodies that are mutated to reduce Fc receptor binding preserve β-cell function and decrease insulin needs in patients with recent-onset type 1 diabetes. In this phase 3 trial, we assessed the safety and efficacy of one such antibody, teplizumab. In this 2-year trial, patients aged 8-35 years who had been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes for 12 weeks or fewer were enrolled and treated at 83 clinical centres in North America, Europe, Israel, and India. Participants were allocated (2:1:1:1 ratio) by an interactive telephone system, according to computer-generated block randomisation, to receive one of three regimens of teplizumab infusions (14-day full dose, 14-day low dose, or 6-day full dose) or placebo at baseline and at 26 weeks. The Protégé study is still underway, and patients and study staff remain masked through to study closure. The primary composite outcome was the percentage of patients with insulin use of less than 0·5 U/kg per day and glycated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1C) of less than 6·5 at 1 year. Analyses included all patients who received at least one dose of study drug. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00385697. 763 patients were screened, of whom 516 were randomised to receive 14-day full-dose teplizumab (n=209), 14-day low-dose teplizumab (n=102), 6-day full-dose teplizumab (n=106), or placebo (n=99). Two patients in the 14-day full-dose group and one patient in the placebo group did not start treatment, so 513 patients were eligible for efficacy analyses. The primary outcome did not differ between groups at 1 year: 19·8 (41/207) in the 14-day full-dose group; 13·7 (14/102) in the 14-day low-dose group; 20·8 (22/106) in the 6-day full-dose group; and 20·4 (20/98) in the placebo group. 5 (19/415) of patients in the teplizumab groups were not taking insulin at 1 year, compared with no patients in the placebo group at 1 year (p=0·03). Across the four study groups, similar proportions of patients had adverse events (414/417 [99] in the teplizumab groups vs 98/99 [99] in the placebo group) and serious adverse events (42/417 [10] vs 9/99 [9]). The most common clinical adverse event in the teplizumab groups was rash (220/417 [53] vs 20/99 [20] in the placebo group). Findings of exploratory analyses suggest that future studies of immunotherapeutic intervention with teplizumab might have increased success in prevention of a decline in β-cell function (measured by C-peptide) and provision of glycaemic control at reduced doses of insulin if they target patients early after diagnosis of diabetes and children. MacroGenics, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, and Eli Lilly. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Current awareness of piperazines: Pharmacology and toxicology$$$ Although many piperazine derivatives exist, only a limited number have been studied, whereby they have been found to be generally stimulant in nature resulting from dopaminergic, noradrenergic, and predominantly serotoninergic effects in the brain. Reported toxic effects include agitation, anxiety, cardiac symptoms (e.g. tachycardia) and sometimes seizures. As for many drugs, they are primarily metabolized by cytochrome P450 with subsequent possible glucuronidation and/or sulfation. Their abuse has been relatively recently observed in the last decade with only a few identified in biological fluid (primarily 1-benzylpiperazine (BZP) and 1-(3-trifluoromethylphenyl)piperazine (3-TFMPP)) despite publications of a number of analytical methods. Even when detected, however, the toxicological significance of their presence is often difficult to ascertain as many cases involve other drugs as well as a wide and overlapping range of concentrations found in blood (both in life and after death). This paper reviews the current pharmacological and toxicological information for piperazine derivatives and also includes new ante-mortem and post-mortem blood data. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Comparison of psychogenic movement disorders and psychogenic, non-epileptic seizures: Is phenotype clinically important?$$$ Background: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) and psychogenic movement disorders (PMDs) are common in neurology practice, yet it is not established whether clinically relevant differences between these two groups exist. Objective: To test the hypothesis that PNES and PMD are different phenotypic manifestations of the same illness. Method: Retrospective chart review of 172 patients consecutively diagnosed with PNES (n=116) or PMD (n=56) at Mayo Clinic, Arizona. Results: Statistically significant differences (p<0.01) were found for age, education, frequency of symptoms, altered consciousness, developmental abuse, and coexisting anxiety, with PNES patients younger and having fewer total years of education, more developmental abuse, and less comorbid anxiety than PMD patients. Clinical practice also differed for the two groups in history-taking and referrals for neuropsychological testing. Overall, there were several similarities, with the whole group being characterized by female sex (82%); abuse history (45%); chronic pain (70%); depression (42%); subjective fatigue (47%); subjective cognitive complaints (55%); referral for psychiatric evaluation (54%); and prolonged time-to-diagnosis, during which multiple neurologic evaluations (55% had two or more previous neurological evaluations), trials of medications, and other unnecessary interventions were performed. Conclusion: This retrospective study revealed more similarities than differences, suggesting these are manifestations of the same psychopathology, with age and comorbid anxiety potentially being important factors in predicting the symptomatic presentation. Prospective studies are needed to confirm our results. Future studies focusing more globally on somatoform disorders, rather than each phenotypic presentation, are likely needed to improve understanding of pathophysiology, clinical care, and outcomes. ER  - 
Imatinib plus peginterferon alfa-2a in chronic myeloid leukemia$$$ Background: Imatinib (400 mg daily) is considered the best initial therapy for patients with newly diagnosed chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) in the chronic phase. However, only a minority of patients treated with imatinib have a complete molecular remission. Methods: We randomly assigned 636 patients with untreated chronic-phase CML to receive imatinib alone at a dose of 400 mg daily, imatinib (400 mg daily) plus cytarabine (20 mg per square meter of body-surface area per day on days 15 through 28 of each 28-day cycle) or pegylated interferon (peginterferon) alfa-2a (90 μg weekly), or imatinib alone at a dose of 600 mg daily. Molecular and cytogenetic responses, time to treatment failure, overall and event-free survival, and adverse events were assessed. An analysis of molecular response at 12 months was planned. A superior molecular response was defined as a decrease in the ratio of transcripts of the tyrosine kinase gene BCR-ABL to transcripts of ABL of 0.01% or less, corresponding to a reduction of 4 log10 units or more from the baseline level, as assessed by means of a real-time quantitative polymerase-chain-reaction assay. Results: At 12 months, the rates of cytogenetic response were similar among the four groups. The rate of a superior molecular response was significantly higher among patients receiving imatinib and peginterferon alfa-2a (30%) than among patients receiving 400 mg of imatinib alone (14%) (P = 0.001). The rate was significantly higher among patients treated for more than 12 months than among those treated for 12 months or less. Gastrointestinal events were more frequent among patients receiving cytarabine, whereas rash and depression were more frequent among patients receiving peginterferon alfa-2a. Conclusions: As compared with other treatments, the addition of peginterferon alfa-2a to imatinib therapy resulted in significantly higher rates of molecular response in patients with chronic-phase CML. (Funded by the French Ministry of Health and others; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00219739.). Copyright © 2010 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Adverse effects and tolerability of medications for the treatment of tobacco use and dependence$$$ Tobacco use is the leading cause of preventable death and disability in the world. Although gradually declining in most developed countries, the prevalence of tobacco use has increased among developing countries. Treatment for tobacco use and dependence is effective, although long-term abstinence rates remain disappointingly low. In response, new treatments continue to be developed. In addition, many of the pharmacotherapies that have been available for years have found new applications with the use of medication combinations, higher doses and a longer duration of therapy for approved medications.There are now seven medications (nicotine patch, nicotine gum, nicotine lozenge, nicotine inhaler, nicotine nasal spray, bupropion sustained release and varenicline) approved for tobacco dependence treatment in most countries, and many national and professional society practice guidelines recommend their use. Although each of the medications used for tobacco dependence treatment has been rigorously tested for efficacy and safety, broader experience in clinical trials and in observational population-based studies suggests that adverse events associated with these medications are relatively common. Since 2008, two of the medications (varenicline and bupropion) have come under increasing scrutiny because of reports of unexplained serious adverse events (SAEs), including behaviour change, depression, self-injurious thoughts and suicidal behaviour. To date, this association has not been shown to be caused by these medications, but concerns about medication safety continue. Prescribers require a working knowledge of the common adverse effects for all of these medications as well as a more detailed knowledge of the SAE potential.Nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) has been rigorously tested in clinical trials for over 30 years. A number of adverse effects are commonly associated with NRT use, although SAEs are rare. The adverse effects associated with NRT are due to the pharmacological action of nicotine as well as the mode and site of the NRT application. Bupropion has been tested in over 40 controlled clinical trials and has been associated with higher rates of treatment discontinuation due to adverse events than NRTs. A number of SAEs are associated with bupropion and new warnings were recently added to bupropion prescribing information because of observed neuropsychiatric symptoms including suicidal thoughts and behaviours. Varenicline is the most recently approved medication for tobacco dependence treatment and, although proven safe in clinical testing, new safety concerns have arisen based on post-marketing reports. Warnings have been added to the prescribing information for varenicline because of neuropsychiatric symptoms also including suicidal thoughts and behaviours.Informed decision making regarding the use of pharmacotherapy for the treatment of tobacco dependence requires knowledge about the risks of drug treatment that is weighed against the risks of continued tobacco use and the benefits of treatment. Over half of all long-term smokers will die of a tobacco-related disease and the risk of a serious or life-threatening adverse event with tobacco cessation pharmacotherapy is vanishingly small. Pharmacotherapy for tobacco dependence is also among the most cost-effective preventive health interventions. Given these factors, the benefit:risk ratio is strongly in favour of pharmacotherapy for tobacco dependence treatment in virtually all smokers who are motivated to quit. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Economic burden and comorbidities of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder among pediatric patients hospitalized in the United States$$$ Background: This retrospective database analysis used data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project's Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) to examine common primary diagnoses among children and adolescents hospitalized with a secondary diagnosis of attention- deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and assessed the burden of ADHD.Methods: Hospitalized children (aged 6-11 years) and adolescents (aged 12-17 years) with a secondary diagnosis of ADHD were identified. The 10 most common primary diagnoses (using the first 3 digits of the ICD-9-CM code) were reported for each age group. Patients with 1 of these conditions were selected to analyze demographics, length of stay (LOS), and costs. Control patients were selected if they had 1 of the 10 primary diagnoses and no secondary ADHD diagnosis. Patient and hospital characteristics were reported by cohort (i.e., patients with ADHD vs. controls), and LOS and costs were reported by primary diagnosis. Multivariable linear regression analyses were undertaken to adjust LOS and costs based on patient and hospital characteristics.Results: A total of 126,056 children and 204,176 adolescents were identified as having a secondary diagnosis of ADHD. Among children and adolescents with ADHD, the most common diagnoses tended to be mental health related (i.e., affective psychoses, emotional disturbances, conduct disturbances, depressive disorder, or adjustment reaction). Other common diagnoses included general symptoms, asthma (in children only), and acute appendicitis. Among patients with ADHD, a higher percentage were male, white, and covered by Medicaid. LOS and costs were higher among children with ADHD and a primary diagnosis of affective psychoses (by 0.61 days and $51), adjustment reaction (by 1.71 days and $940), or depressive disorder (by 0.41 days and $124) versus controls. LOS and costs were higher among adolescents with ADHD and a primary diagnosis of affective psychoses (by 1.04 days and $352), depressive disorder (by 0.94 days and $517), conduct disturbances (by 0.86 days and $1,330), emotional disturbances (by 1.45 days and $1,626), adjustment reaction (by 1.25 days and $702), and neurotic disorders (by 1.60 days and $541) versus controls.Conclusion: Clinicians and health care decision makers should be aware of the potential impact of ADHD on hospitalized children and adolescents. © 2010 Meyers et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Safety of varenicline in patients with mental illness$$$ This article reviews literature regarding safety of smoking-cessation aid varenicline for patients with mental illness. Although clinical trials with varenicline showed improved efficacy for smoking cessation and relatively low adverse events (AE) rates, many case reports suggest an increased risk of psychiatric AEs, particularly in patients with baseline mental illness. The Institute for Safe Medication Practices (ISMP) published a review of the serious AEs associated with varenicline obtained from Food and Drug Administration-submitted reports. The ISMP report specifically mentions psychiatric AEs in patients with preexisting psychiatric conditions. While varenicline use among patients without mental illness is likely safe, appropriate use in mentally ill patients is controversial; the paucity of data currently precludes drawing definite conclusions. While further prospective trials evaluating the use of varenicline in mental illness may be inappropriate, the information currently available does little to fully elucidate the effects of varenicline in patients with mental illness. As such, cautious use in this population is warranted. Varenicline discontinuation is recommended in any patient reporting new-onset psychiatric symptoms. © MBL Communications Inc. ER  - 
Treatment of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy and idiopathic CD4+ lymphocytopenia$$$ Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy is a neurological disease caused by the human polyoma virus JC virus and can present in patients with known immunodeficiencies. However, when associated with idiopathic CD4+ lymphocytopenia, management of patients can be quite challenging as these are two rare diseases with limited effective treatment options. In conjunction with the case report of a patient diagnosed with both conditions presented within this issue, a discussion of available treatment strategies is detailed. © The Author 2010. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Antimicrobial Chemotherapy. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacological management of symptoms in multiple sclerosis: Current approaches and future directions$$$ Management of symptoms in multiple sclerosis (MS) has received little attention compared with disease-modifying treatments. However, the effect of these symptoms on quality of life can be profound. Clinical trials of pharmacological drugs to treat symptoms of MS have often been underpowered and have used inappropriate measures of outcome. Many currently used symptomatic drugs were introduced decades ago, when study quality was considerably below current standards. Therefore, the evidence base on which to make clinical decisions is less than adequate. Interest in pharmacological treatment of symptoms in MS has increased in recent years, and several large randomised controlled trials have been reported. Pharmacological strategies are a core component of the treatment of these symptoms, but it is imperative to remember that a multidisciplinary rehabilitation approach is needed for effective management. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Microarray analysis in children with developmental disorder or epilepsy$$$ The technique of chromosomal microarray analysis identifies genetic imbalance. Evaluation of its diagnostic role in pediatrics is still underway. We describe our experience with chromosomal microarrays. We retrospectively reviewed the charts of children in the Sections of Neurology and Clinical Genetics at St. Christopher's Hospital for Children who had undergone microarray analysis between 2006 and 2009. Collected data included age, sex, and the presence of mental retardation, developmental delay, autism, learning disability, hypotonia, dysmorphic features, and epilepsy, and the use of microarray technique. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS. There were 82 children (mean age ± S.D., 5.7 ± 5 years), including 45 (55%) boys and 37 (45%) girls. All patients exhibited a normal karyotype. Microarray analysis produced abnormal results in 20 (23.5%). Deletions comprised 74% of all abnormalities. Patients with ≥4 clinical variables demonstrated a 30.5% incidence of abnormal chromosomal microarray findings, compared with 8.7% of patients with ≤3 clinical variables (P = 0.039, χ2 test). Logistic regression indicated that motor impairment (P = 0.039) and presence of epilepsy (P = 0.024) independently contributed to the model. The likelihood of an abnormal microarray result increased with the number of clinical abnormalities. Microarray analysis will likely become the diagnostic genetic test of choice in children with neurodevelopmental disorders or epilepsy. © 2010 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The use of cyclosporine in dermatology: Part II$$$ Cyclosporine is highly effective in the treatment of a multitude of dermatoses. Concern over its side effect profile has limited its use in dermatology. Adverse effects are, for the most part, dose dependent and related to duration of therapy. Using the recommended monitoring protocols results in a significant decrease in the incidence of cyclosporine-related toxicities. This article provides a comprehensive review of the pharmacokinetics of cyclosporine, potential drug interactions, adverse effects, and recommendations for monitoring in patients treated with cyclosporine. The use of cyclosporine in pregnancy and in the pediatric population is also addressed. Learning objectives: After completing this learning activity, participants should be familiar with the monitoring guidelines of cyclosporine, its contraindications, its possible drug interactions, its adverse effect profile, and its use in pregnancy and the childhood and adolescent populations. © 2010 by the American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. ER  - 
Therapeutics of narcolepsy$$$ Narcolepsy, an uncommon neurologic disorder, afflicts approximately 1 in 2000 individuals in the United States. Although management has improved significantly, especially with use of modafinil and sodium oxybate, impairment of function and quality of life persists in a considerable number of patients. Current therapeutic approaches are based on symptomatic relief and are often associated with undesirable side effects. This article describes the monoaminergic, cholinergic, and GABAergic systems and describes narcolepsy medications that work through these systems. The recently discovered orexin/hypocretin system is also described. The authors conclude that potential hypocretin-based therapy seems to hold promise for the future. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The impact of frequent attenders on a UK emergency department$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous studies have identified that there is a cohort of frequent attenders to the emergency department (ED). Recent initiatives aim to provide care closer to home and alternatives to ED attendance. This study aims to identify what impact frequent attenders still have on the ED. METHODS: A chart review of frequent attenders to the ED was carried out over a 12-month period. Inclusion criterion was 10 or more attendances. Information collected comprised age, sex, postcode, next of kin, number of attendances, day of the week, time, referral source, mode of arrival, triage category, disposal, association with alcohol and drug use, presenting complaint, and diagnosis. RESULTS: Forty-four frequent users met the study criterion accounting for 1.9% of departmental activity. Sixty-four percent of frequent attenders were male with an average age of 49 years (range 19-83). The majority lived within 5miles of the ED. Sixty percent of attendances arrived at the ED through ambulance. Documentation of either concurrent alcohol use or history of alcohol dependence and illicit drug use was reported in 54.6 and 15.9% of patients. The admission rate of this group was 38.5% higher than the total ED admission rate of 22%. CONCLUSION: There remains a cohort of frequent attenders that use the ED for their healthcare needs. A significant proportion of these attendances are associated with alcohol use, chronic disease or mental health problems. Reduction of attendances may be achieved by case management strategies and improving access to primary care and drug and alcohol services. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Is it time to consider cognitive behavioral therapy for persons with epilepsy? Clues from pathophysiology, treatment and functional neuroimaging$$$ Depression is common in neurological conditions. Patients with epilepsy are significantly more likely to have depression than the general population. However, no published studies have examined the effects of antidepressants and psychotherapy on the brain in patients with epilepsy. A systematic review of 34 relevant neuroimaging articles was conducted on temporal lobe epilepsy (with and without depression), depression (with and without epilepsy), and cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and antidepressants through PET, functional MRI, SPECT or proton spectroscopic imaging. Results indicate hypoactivity in the frontal cortex and hippocampus, and hyperactivity in the left dorsomedial prefrontal cortex for depression (with and without epilepsy). Hypoactivity was consistently found in the frontal cortex and temporal region in temporal lobe epilepsy (with and without depression). Studies of nonepilepsy groups suggest that CBT impacts the frontal cortex, prefrontal cortex, temporal lobe, thalamus and hippocampus - all of these areas are dysfunctional in temporal lobe epilepsy with depression. The findings suggest that patients with epilepsy may benefit from CBT. More research is needed to establish CBT as evidence-based practice for epilepsy with depression. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Epilepsy in the elderly$$$ Epilepsy is the most common serious neurological disorder in the elderly after stroke and dementia. It may be more important for elderly people because it is intermittent and unpredictable. There is no reliable diagnostic test and so its diagnosis and management requires clinical acumen and experience. The situation is further complicated because the elderly may have many comorbidities and therefore may have many other reasons for losing consciousness. Despite their growing number, there is remarkably little research to underpin the best epilepsy management in the elderly. This article summarizes the scope of epilepsy in elderly people, highlights cerebrovascular and neurodegenerative diseases as the main underlying etiologies, explores the diagnostic challenges in this age group, including the hurdles and processes in their investigation, and examines pertinent clinical management issues. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: Diagnosis and initial management$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES; also know as pseudoseizures, nonepileptic attack disorder) are common. They continue to pose diagnostic difficulties, with mean delays from onset to diagnosis of several years, during which time they are often treated as epilepsy. The literature suggests that clinical diagnosis has limited reliability. However, it may be useful to regard the diagnosis of PNES as having two stages - that of suspecting the diagnosis and that of confirming it. Clinical features of the history and spells allow the diagnosis of PNES to be suspected in the first place, so that the appropriate expertise and tests can be brought to bear. The diagnosis of PNES is usually confirmed by recording spells using video EEG. A minority of patients also have epilepsy. Once the diagnosis is made, initial management consists of communicating the diagnosis to the patient and carers in a clear and nonpejorative way, as well as withdrawing anticonvulsant medication with appropriate monitoring in patients with no evidence of epilepsy. In many patients, spells will cease without psychological intervention. Emergency healthcare utilization may drop sharply after explanation of the diagnosis, and this may occur even in patients whose spells continue. It is not clear to what degree these positive effects are maintained in the long term. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Neuroanatomical correlates of psychosis in temporal lobe epilepsy: Voxel-based morphometry study$$$ Background: Temporal lobe epilepsy is associated with a significant risk of psychosis but there are only limited studies investigating the underlying neurobiology. Aims: To characterise neuroanatomical changes in temporal lobe epilepsy and comorbid psychosis. Method: The study population comprised all individuals with temporal lobe epilepsy on the epilepsy database at the National Centre for Epilepsy and Epilepsy Neurosurgery in Ireland (Beaumont Hospital) between 2002 and 2006. Ten people with temporal lobe epilepsy with psychosis were matched for age, gender, handedness, epilepsy duration, seizure laterality, severity of epilepsy and anti-epileptic medication with ten comparison participants with temporal lobe epilepsy only. Participants received a magnetic resonance imaging scan and voxel-based morphometry analyses were applied to grey and white matter anatomy. Results: Significant grey matter reduction was found bilaterally in those with temporal lobe epilepsy with psychosis in the temporal lobes in the inferior, middle and superior temporal gyri and fusiform gyri, and unilaterally in the left parahippocampal gyrus and hippocampus. Significant extratemporal grey matter reduction was found bilaterally in the insula, cerebellum, caudate nuclei and in the right cingulum and left inferior parietal lobule. Significant white matter reduction in those with temporal lobe epilepsy with psychosis was found bilaterally in the hippocampus, parahippocampal/ fusiform gyri, middle/inferior temporal gyri, cingulum, corpus callosum, posterior thalamic radiation, anterior limb of internal capsule and white matter fibres from the caudate nuclei, and unilaterally in the left lingual gyrus and right midbrain and superior temporal gyrus. Conclusions: Significant grey and white matter deficits occur in temporal lobe epilepsy with psychosis. These encompass the medial temporal lobe structures but also extend to lateral temporal and extratemporal regions. Some of these deficits overlap with those found in schizophrenia. ER  - 
How effective is yoga? A concise overview of systematic reviews$$$ Yoga has become a popular form of CAM and is often advocated for a wide range of conditions. The aim of this overview was to evaluate critically all systematic reviews of yoga for the symptomatic treatment of any condition. Twelve electronic databases were searched and 21 systematic reviews relating to a wide range of conditions were located. Nine systematic reviews arrived at positive conclusions, but many systematic reviews were associated with a high risk of bias. Unanimously positive evidence emerged for depression and cardiovascular risk reduction. Despite an impressive number of systematic reviews, evidence of effectiveness is positive only for two indications. FACT © 2010 Royal Pharmaceutical Society. ER  - 
Neuropharmacology in Pediatric Brain Injury: A Review$$$ In this review, the current evidence is examined regarding neuropharmacologic treatment for children and adolescents (under the age of 18 years) who sustained a traumatic brain injury (TBI). Although the focus is on the pediatric TBI population, there is a paucity of empirical data related to the role of medication with children and adolescents after brain injury. Therefore, findings from the adult TBI literature are incorporated where appropriate so as to identify potential agents that warrant further examination in pediatric populations. This review addresses specific sequelae of TBI from the earliest stages of neurologic recovery to long-term comorbidities, including disorders of impaired consciousness, post-TBI agitation, cognitive decline, and post-TBI depression. The evidence regarding the role of medication in neuroprotection and neurorecovery in this population is also explored. Medication classes reviewed include excitatory amino acids, antagonists to the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor, dopamine agonists, benzodiazepines, β-blockers, anticonvulsants, and antidepressants. It is hoped that this review will guide future research, and ideas as to how this may be accomplished within a pediatric population are suggested. © 2010 American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation. ER  - 
Prophylactic antivirals may be helpful in prevention of varicella-zoster virus reactivation in myeloma, but are they safe?$$$ Purpose. Retrospective analysis of two recent multiple myeloma (MM) clinical trials suggested that the use of bortezomib may be associated with an increased incidence of herpes zoster infections. Therefore, prophylactic use of antivirals has been advocated by some authors. This article explores the potential risks and pitfalls linked to routine acyclovir prophylaxis in bortezomib-treated MM. Summary. Use of antivirals can be associated with important nephro- and neurotoxicity. The nephrotoxicity induced by MM itself and its supportive therapies, superimposed to aging and inherent immunosuppression in myeloma, makes the development of renal impairment even more likely. On the other hand, sensory neuropathy is known to occur both during myeloma progression and in the setting of bortezomib therapy. Furthermore, preexisting nephropathy in MM patients can contribute to the occurrence of serious neurologic toxicity with acyclovir. Conclusions. Long-term acyclovir prophylaxis in MM patients treated with bortezomib may cause severe renal and neurological toxicity. Prevention of these complications can be achieved through either withholding of the antivirals or a very close monitoring of both neurologic status and renal function in this patient population. This highlights the importance of both clinician's and pharmacist's involvement in optimization of myeloma patient care. © The Author(s), 2010. ER  - 
Metabolic, digestive, and reproductive adverse events associated with antimanic treatment in children and adolescents: A retrospective cohort study$$$ Objective: To identify factors associated with incident metabolic and reproductive adverse events in children and adolescents. Method: A retrospective cohort design evaluating Medicaid medical and pharmacy claims made in South Carolina between January 1996 and December 2005 was employed for 3,657 children and adolescents (aged 17 years old and younger) prescribed 1 of 3 antimanic medications (ie, lithium, carbamazepine, or valproic acid derivatives) and a random sample of 4,500 children and adolescents not treated with psychotropic medications. Results: Compared to the control sample, the treated cohort was more likely to be diagnosed with obesity/weight gain (odds ratio [OR] = 1.89), type 2 diabetes mellitus (OR = 2.50), dyslipidemia (OR = 1.89), nausea (OR = 1.61), anorexia (OR = 3.85), and sexual/reproductive adverse events (OR = 2.04). Within the treated cohort, incident dyslipidemia was more likely for those prescribed carbamazepine (OR = 1.52) compared to valproate and coprescribed antipsychotics (OR = 1.47) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) (OR = 1.49) compared to those not taking antipsychotics or taking serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor/heterocyclic (SNRI/other) antidepressants. The odds of developing nausea/vomiting were higher for those prescribed carbamazepine (OR = 1.70) or lithium (OR = 1.49) compared to valproate, and those coprescribed psychostimulants (OR = 1.25) compared to those not taking psychostimulants. The odds of developing obesity/weight gain and type 2 diabetes mellitus were higher for those coprescribed SSRIs (ORs = 1.72, 2.58) or antipsychotics (ORs = 1.69, 1.77) compared to those taking SNRI/other antidepressants or not taking antipsychotics. Incident sexual/reproductive adverse events were more likely for those coprescribed SSRIs (OR = 2.02) compared to those taking SNRI/other antidepressants. Conclusion: Commonly employed psychotropic agents are associated with clinically significant metabolic, digestive, and reproductive-related adverse events. Treatment decisions in young populations are usefully informed by the somatic consequences of the medication options. © 2010 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Assisted diagnosis of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder through EEG bandpower clustering with self-organizing maps.$$$ The electroencephalogram is an attractive clinical tool given its non-invasive nature, its ability to reflect real-time changes in local cortical activity, and the load of objective bioelectrical measurements that can be derived from it. For decades, the electroencephalogram has been successfully used for diagnosing epilepsy and schizophrenia, among other brain disorders. This paper focuses in the design and implementation of a computer-aided diagnostic tool for establishing the likelihood of presence of Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in children, out of routine electroencephalographic recordings obtained during a specific visual stimulation protocol. Classical bandpower features from multiple differential recordings are computed and used as features in a classifier built from a cooperative ensemble of labeled self-organizing maps. Classification accuracy of the proposed system is 0,7 ± 0,11, as estimated from unseen data, a result that points to the idea that such a quantitative diagnostic aid could adequately support the diagnostic task of a clinical expert. ER  - 
Malignant otitis externa: Experience with hyperbaric oxygen therapy$$$ Introduction: The treatment of malignant otitis externa (MOE) with hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) remains controversial. The rarity of MOE, combined with poor access to hyperbaric facilities, explains the paucity of existing data. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed all patients with a diagnosis of MOE referred to the Prince of Wales Hospital hyperbaric unit over a period of six years, and report one of the largest case series to date. Results: From August 2001 to October 2007, 17 patients with MOE were referred, of whom 15 (88%) completed therapy, one did not tolerate HBOT and one was withdrawn due to pulmonary complications. Length of admission averaged 48 days (range 8-93 days) and three received outpatient care. Five patients had complications attributable to HBOT: acute pulmonary oedema (n = 2), seizure (n = 1), tympanic membrane perforation (n = 1) and claustrophobia (n = 1). Average time to follow up was 47 months (range 1-94 months). Twelve patients (70%) were considered cured of their disease, being disease-free at follow up, including four patients who had died of other causes but were symptom-free at the time of death. Three patients died directly from MOE (18%), one after a recurrence of their disease. Two further patients had recurrent disease, both successfully treated with a second cycle of HBOT and antibiotics. Nine patients (53%) had facial nerve palsy before commencement of HBOT, of whom four died, three from MOE, four had ongoing facial paralysis, and one resolved. Conclusions: HBOT confers minimal morbidity, but its role in MOE remains uncertain. The high mortality of MOE despite maximal therapeutic intervention highlights the need for more effective treatment protocols. ER  - 
Case reports of unexpected suicides in patients within six months after stroke$$$ Suicide after stroke is a grievous occurrence. Since the majority of cases under study had shown signs of recovery from stroke, persons surrounding these patients were severely shocked by these suicides. Six patients who attempted suicide within six months after stroke were investigated to determine factors following stroke that relate to suicide in order to prevent future post-stroke suicides. Clinical findings in these six cases were retrospectively analyzed in collaboration with stroke neurologists and coworkers caring for these patients. Four of six patients had sustained a recent infarction extending from the temporal cortex to the parietal cortex. Four of six patients showed depression, and five of six patients showed moderate disability after stroke. Physicians should carefully observe patients with infarction extending from the temporal cortex to the parietal cortex, depression and moderate disability, in order to prevent suicidal behavior. ER  - 
Role of antiepileptic drugs as preventive agents for migraine$$$ Migraine is a common neurological disease affecting about 12% of the population in Western Europe and North America, and causing a considerable burden both to migraineurs and to society. Severe, frequent and disabling migraine attacks, as well as those poorly responsive to acute care medication, require preventive treatment, which is often under-utilized. Antiepileptic drugs are used in the prevention of migraine.We performed a literature search of PubMed through June 2008 for controlled trials of antiepileptic drugs in the prevention of migraine. The search identified 70 papers for a full-text review. The majority of these papers referred to valproate and topiramate, and showed that these drugs are effective and well tolerated in migraine prevention and are suitable for first-line clinical use. On the other hand, acetazolamide, lamotrigine, oxcarbazepine and vigabatrin have been shown to be not effective and gabapentin requires further evaluation. For the rest of the antiepileptic drugs, no data from controlled trials are available. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Acceptability and tolerability of levetiracetam oral solution for the treatment of partial-onset seizures: the solución study$$$ This cross-sectional, observational study evaluated the use of levetiracetam oral solution in usual clinical practice. Patients ≥ 16 years with partial-onset seizures (had received levetiracetam oral solution for ≥ 28 days) completed a study questionnaire assessing overall acceptability of levetiracetam oral solution, specific organoleptic characteristics (taste, taste intensity, aftertaste), ease of use and convenience. Tolerability was assessed by evaluating adverse events. Of 389 patients, 92.8% (361/389) were evaluable for acceptability, all (389) for tolerability; 65.3% (236/361) rated levetiracetam oral solution very acceptable or acceptable, 41.5% (150/361) pleasant or very pleasant, 54.3% (196/361) neither strong nor mild taste intensity and indicated the drug left an aftertaste (most stated aftertaste did not bother them), 75.3% very easy or easy to use and 61.8% very convenient or convenient to use. There was a positive relationship between overall acceptability of levetiracetam oral solution and favorable responses for organoleptic characteristics, ease of use, convenience and patients' evaluation of treatment compliance (P < 0.0001 for each). Of the 176/353 who previously received another antiepileptic drug and reported preference for a medication, 72.2% (127/176) preferred levetiracetam oral solution and 39/389 (10%) reported adverse events. Levetiracetam oral solution demonstrated a high degree of patient acceptability in adult patients with partial-onset seizures and was well tolerated. © 2010 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. ER  - 
Retrospective study of continuation electroconvulsive therapy in 50 patients$$$ Objectives: To examine patient and treatment characteristics in continuation electroconvulsive therapy (c-ECT), defined as prolonged treatment with ECT with a maximum frequency of once a week to prevent relapse. Methods: Medical charts of 50 patients (mean age, 59 years; 74% were female) undergoing c-ECT were examined retrospectively for patient and treatment characteristics. Electrical stimulus dosage, seizure duration, and postictal suppression indices between the first and the last 4 ECT sessions were compared, and their associations with the time interval between c-ECT sessions were analyzed. Results: Almost all the patients (n = 46; 92%) experienced recurrent medication-resistant mood disorders. During a median c-ECT period of 393 days (interquartile rate, 211-677 days), the frequency of c-ECT ranged from once a week (n = 15; 30%) to once every 4 to 6 weeks (n = 17; 34%), and ECT was administered almost exclusively bifrontotemporally (n = 46, 92%). The mean (SD) time interval between consecutive c-ECT sessions was 19 (11) days. The number of days between c-ECT sessions correlated positively with median seizure duration (motor activity: r = 0.390, P = 0.005; electroencephalographic activity: r = 0.351, P = 0.013). Conclusions: In 50 patients with long-standing, recurrent, medication-resistant mood disorders who were treated with c-ECT, increased time interval between consecutive c-ECT sessions was correlated with increased seizure duration. Whether bifrontotemporal c-ECT requires a lower frequency to sustain remission compared with unilateral c-ECT needs further investigation. Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Managing pain in the elderly population: Pearls and pitfalls$$$ While pain is a common symptom among older adults, it often is underdiagnosed and undertreated. Aging-related physiological changes, misperceptions about the use of pain medications by both patients and providers, and the lack of evidence-based clinical research on pain management in older adults are some of the reasons why pain in older adults is mismanaged. Using extrapolated evidence from pain research in younger patients, consensus statements, and best practice guidelines, this article summarizes and highlights areas of geriatric pain assessment and management that need special consideration. Some highlighted areas include 1) pain assessment in cognitively impaired patients; 2) medication choice and initiation doses; 3) duration of adequate medication trials; and 4) common medication side effects and suggested management. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Children with type 2 diabetes mellitus and the prevalence of psychiatric disorders$$$ Objective: Type 2 diabetes is a common disease, afflicting more than 20 million Americans. Psychiatric disorders, particularly depression, have been previously correlated with diabetes. Methods: The objectives of this study were to determine the frequency of psychiatric illnesses in a type 2 pediatric diabetic cohort and to examine if there were any significant demographic differences between diabetic children with psychiatric disorders and diabetic children without psychiatric disorders. A retrospective chart review was performed on patients from two southeastern children's hospitals. Results: In our study, 26.2% (67 of 256) of diabetic patients were diagnosed with neuropsychiatric disorders (NPD). A comparison between gender frequencies of affected and unaffected patients suggested a statistical difference (P = 0.009). It appears that pediatric diabetic males are affected with NPD to a greater extent than females. Patients diagnosed with neurological disorders showed a body mass index average of 39.03, which was statistically different from non-diagnosed NPD patients (P = 0.0313). Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first report to demonstrate the frequency of psychiatric disorders in a cohort of pediatric type 2 diabetics in the southeastern US. This study provides information regarding children afflicted with type 2 diabetes mellitus and the frequency of neuropsychiatric morbidities. This information may be useful for crafting future health policies and quality improvement interventions. © 2010 by The Southern Medical Association. ER  - 
Restless legs syndrome during pregnancy in Brazilian women$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to identify the prevalence of restless legs syndrome (RLS) among pregnant Brazilian women, with individual diagnostic clinical interviews during the trimesters of pregnancy, and to determine the severity. Methods: It was a cross-sectional study. We interviewed 524 pregnant women (18-45. years old) who came to the prenatal outpatient clinic to consult an obstetrician. We used a RLS clinical-diagnostic interview and the International RLS Study Group rating scale (IRLS). Results: The prevalence of RLS during pregnancy was 13.5% in our sample, among which 90.1% of the cases started with their symptoms during pregnancy. More than half of the patients (53.5%) presented severe or very severe symptoms and the largest proportion of them (15.2%) were in their third trimester. We did not observe any demographic differences among the trimesters for RLS prevalence and RLS severity. Conclusion: RLS during pregnancy is more frequent than in the general population, such that more than half of the pregnant women with RLS present it severely or very severely. It occurs especially in the third trimester. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Progress report on new antiepileptic drugs: A summary of the Tenth Eilat Conference (EILAT X)$$$ The Tenth Eilat Conference on New Antiepileptic Drugs (AEDs)-EILAT X, took place in Eilat, Israel from the 25th to 29th of April 2010. About 200 basic scientists, clinical pharmacologists and neurologists from 25 countries attended the conference, whose main themes included learning from the past: Lessons learnt after 18 years of Eilat Conferences and Detecting assessing and preventing adverse effects of AEDs. Consistent with previous formats of this conference, a large part of the program was devoted to a review of AEDs in development, as well as updates on AEDs introduced since 1994. Like the previous EILAT (EILAT IX) manuscript, the current (EILAT X) manuscript focuses only on the preclinical and clinical pharmacology of AEDs that are currently in development. These include brivaracetam, carisbamate, 2-deoxy-glucose, ganaxolone, huperizine A, ICA-105665, NAX-5055, retigabine, perampanel, T-2007, valnoctamide and YK3089. Since the previous Eilat Conference (EILAT IX-2008) two new AEDs; eslicarbazepine acetate and lacosamide have been marketed and three new AEDs in development not included in the EILAT IX manuscript were added: ICA-105665, perampanel and valnoctamide. The CNS efficacy of these compounds in anticonvulsant animal models as well as other disease model systems are presented in Tables 1 and 2 and their proposed mechanism of action at summarized in Table 3. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Targeting the correct HDAC(s) to treat cognitive disorders$$$ Changes in gene expression in the brain may underlie cognitive deficits inherent to normal aging and neurodegenerative disease. However, the mechanisms underlying pathological alterations in the brain transcriptome are incompletely understood. Epigenetic mechanisms such as DNA methylation and histone acetylation have been shown to be important for memory processes in the adult brain. There is accumulating evidence that altered chromatin plasticity and histone acetylation are also involved in cognitive aging, neurodegeneration, and neuropsychiatric diseases. Inhibitors of histone deacetylase (HDAC) exhibit neuroprotective and neuroregenerative properties in animal models of various brain diseases. As such, targeting of HDACs seems to be a promising therapeutic strategy. In this review, we discuss the specific roles of each HDAC protein and the possible function of distinct histone modifications. We hope that this knowledge will aid in the development of diagnostic tools and in designing more potent and specific treatment for neurological disorders targeting selective HDAC proteins. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Etiology and clinical signs as short-term risk factors of status epilepticus.$$$ The aim of the study was an analysis of causes, clinical symptoms, complications and predictors of an unfavorable course of status epilepticus (SE). Retrospective evaluation of medical files of 28 patients (17 M, 11 F, aged 52 +/- 15 yrs) was made. Patients were treated for status epilepticus in a Neurology Clinic in Zabrze between January 1997 and March 2008. Chronic epilepsy existed in 64% pts, for 10 yrs on an average, in 10% pts SE was a subsequent one. Chronic alcoholism was defined as a most frequent cause of SE, followed by cerebrovascular disorders and brain tumor (32, 14 and 14%, resp.); in 25% pts the cause was not specified. Generalized seizures predominated (82%), in 90% they lasted longer than 60 minutes. In 43% pts biochemical inflammatory indicators on admission were found, more than 20% had fever, in 10% pneumonia was diagnosed. 1/3 of individuals suffered from respirocirculatory insufficiency and in more than 21% new neurological deficits appeared. In treatment, following benzodiazepines, intravenous phenytoin (50%) was used. 35% pts was subjected to pharmacological coma, predominantly by means of thiopental and propofol (25 and 7%, resp.). Mechanical ventilation was necessary in 40% pts. Mortality rate was 32%, with 33% of deaths on the 1st day and 78% before the 7th day. Chronic alcoholism and older age predominate among causes of death in patient with SE. ER  - 
D-cycloserine improves the impaired sociability of the Balb/c mouse$$$ Background: The genetically-inbred Balb/c mouse strain shows evidence of impaired sociability in a standard paradigm and is hypersensitive to behavioral effects of MK-801 (dizocilpine), a noncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist. Specifically, relative to 8 week-old male outbred Swiss-Webster mice, 8 week-old male Balb/c mice show diminished locomotor activity and spend less time in the vicinity of an enclosed 4 week-old male ICR stimulus mouse in a 5-minute period and, when allowed to interact freely with the stimulus mouse for 5 minutes, make fewer discrete episodes of social approach and show suppression of its locomotor activity. Additionally, MK-801 elicits more irregular episodes of intense jumping behavior, referred to as “popping,” and more intense mouse circling behavior, and antagonizes electrically-precipitated seizures more potently, on a mg/kg basis, in the Balb/c strain, relative to other genetically-inbred and outbred mouse strains. Importantly, a mutant mouse strain with diminished expression of the NR1 subunit of the NMDA receptor (approximately 5-10% of normal levels) is impaired on standardized measures of mouse sociability; thus, diminished endogenous tone of NMDA receptor-mediated neurotransmission is associated with impaired sociability of the mouse. Because the Balb/c mouse strain is impaired in its sociability and has an altered endogenous tone of NMDA receptor-mediated neurotransmission, we explored the effect of D-cycloserine (320 mg/kg, ip), a partial glycine agonist that binds to the obligatory co-agonist glycine binding site on the NMDA receptor, on the sociability of this strain in a standard paradigm. Methods: D-Cycloserine (320mg/kg or saline vehicle) was injected ip 20minutes prior to testing sociability. The locomotor activity and discrete episodes of social approach in a 5-minute period of 8-week-old “test” mice (i.e., Balb/c or Swiss-Webster) in the presence of an enclosed 4-week-old male stimulus mouse (ICR) were measured. Thereafter, measures of social approach and locomotion while the “test” and “stimulus” mice were allowed to interact freely were recorded. Results: Locomotor activity/5min of the Balb/c strain was significantly reduced when the stimulus mouse was enclosed and when “test” and “stimulus” mice were allowed to interact freely, relative to the Swiss-Webster strain. Relative to the vehicle only condition, treatment of Balb/c mice with D-cycloserine (320mg/kg, ip) 20minutes before testing in the sociability apparatus significantly increased their locomotor activity in the presence of an enclosed ICR social stimulus mouse (p<0.001) and when allowed to interact freely with ICR social stimulus mice (p<0.001); locomotor activity of Balb/c mice treated with D-cycloserine did not differ from saline-treated Swiss-Webster mice in these two conditions. Similarly, D-cycloserine (320mg/kg, ip) restored the number of discrete episodes of social approach/5 min of the Balb/c strain when allowed to interact freely with social stimulus mice (p<0.001), raising the number of social approaches to those shown by saline-treated Swiss-Webster mice. Discussion: The current results complement the clinical trial data of Posey and colleagues (2004), supporting continued exploration of targeted NMDA receptor agonist interventions for psychiatric disorders manifesting impaired sociability, such as schizophrenia and autism spectrum disorders. Further, the current data replicate and extend earlier work on the impaired sociability of the Balb/c mouse strain. In fact, because this genetically-inbred mouse strain is hypersensitive to behavioral effects of MK-801, a noncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist, it may be an ideal strain in which to study the effects of targeted NMDA receptor interventions on sociability in a standardized paradigm. ER  - 
Tumor necrosis factor inhibitors in the management of juvenile idiopathic arthritis: An evidence-based review$$$ Juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) is a chronic inflammatory disorder of unknown origin that is often treated with a variety of disease-modifying agents. Tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitors are a group of genetically engineered biologic agents that target the proinflammatory cytokine TNF. This review focuses on the use of TNF inhibitors in JIA.Etanercept was the first TNF inhibitor approved for use in children with moderate to severe polyarticular-course JIA following encouraging results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial in children. Open-label extension studies of the original trial involving 8 years of follow-up demonstrated the long-term safety and efficacy of etanercept in children. Other studies from established registries also corroborate the safety of etanercept in JIA. The second TNF inhibitor to be approved for use in JIA is adalimumab following recent favorable results from another randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter study in polyarticular-course JIA. While infliximab is not approved by the US FDA for use in JIA, it is frequently used in clinical practice for this indication. However, because the chimeric structure of infliximab incorporates murine components, it has the potential for allergic and infusion reactions. Patient responses to individual TNF inhibitors may vary depending on concomitant medications such as methotrexate, and also on the category of JIA. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Retrospective analysis of NMDA receptor antibodies in encephalitis of unknown origin$$$ BACKGROUND:: Anti-NMDA-receptor (NMDAR) encephalitis is a severe disorder that occurs in association with antibodies to the NR1 subunit of the NMDAR and results in a characteristic syndrome. OBJECTIVE:: To determine in a single institution setting whether patients previously diagnosed with encephalitis of unknown origin had anti-NMDAR encephalitis. METHODS:: Charts of 505 patients aged 18 to 35 years admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) during a 5-year period were retrospectively reviewed for criteria of encephalitis of unknown etiology. These included encephalitic signs with psychiatric symptoms (agitation, paranoid thoughts, irritability, or hallucinations); seizures; CSF inflammation; and exclusion of viral or bacterial infection. Archived serum and CSF samples of patients fulfilling these criteria were examined for NMDAR antibodies. Follow-up visits allowed the analysis of the natural disease course and estimation of prognosis. RESULTS:: Seven patients (all women) fulfilled the indicated criteria; 6 of them had NMDAR antibodies. Ovarian teratomas were detected in 2 patients, in one 3 years after the onset of encephalitis. Outcome was favorable in all patients. One patient without teratoma improved spontaneously along with disappearance of NMDAR antibodies. CONCLUSIONS:: Anti-NMDAR encephalitis represented 1% of all young patients' admissions to the ICU. Six of 7 cases with the indicated clinical criteria had anti-NMDAR encephalitis. NMDAR antibodies should be tested in all patients with encephalitis who fulfill these criteria. Copyright © 2010 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Everolimus for subependymal giant-cell astrocytomas in tuberous sclerosis$$$ BACKGROUND: Neurosurgical resection is the standard treatment for subependymal giant-cell astrocytomas in patients with the tuberous sclerosis complex. An alternative may be the use of everolimus, which inhibits the mammalian target of rapamycin, a protein regulated by gene products involved in the tuberous sclerosis complex. METHODS: Patients 3 years of age or older with serial growth of subependymal giant-cell astrocytomas were eligible for this open-label study. The primary efficacy end point was the change in volume of subependymal giant-cell astrocytomas between baseline and 6 months. We gave everolimus orally, at a dose of 3.0 mg per square meter of bodysurface area, to achieve a trough concentration of 5 to 15 ng per milliliter. RESULTS: We enrolled 28 patients. Everolimus therapy was associated with a clinically meaningful reduction in volume of the primary subependymal giant-cell astrocytoma, as assessed on independent central review (P<0.001 for baseline vs. 6 months), with a reduction of at least 30% in 21 patients (75%) and at least 50% in 9 patients (32%). Marked reductions were seen within 3 months and were sustained. There were no new lesions, worsening hydrocephalus, evidence of increased intracranial pressure, or necessity for surgical resection or other therapy for subependymal giant-cell astrocytoma. Of the 16 patients for whom 24-hour video electroencephalography data were available, seizure frequency for the 6-month study period (vs. the previous 6-month period) decreased in 9, did not change in 6, and increased in 1 (median change, -1 seizure; P = 0.02). The mean (±SD) score on the validated Quality-of-Life in Childhood Epilepsy questionnaire (on which scores can range from 0 to 100, with higher scores indicating a better quality of life) was improved at 3 months (63.4±12.4) and 6 months (62.1±14.2) over the baseline score (57.8±14.0). Single cases of grade 3 treatment-related sinusitis, pneumonia, viral bronchitis, tooth infection, stomatitis, and leukopenia were reported. CONCLUSIONS: Everolimus therapy was associated with marked reduction in the volume of subependymal giant-cell astrocytomas and seizure frequency and may be a potential alternative to neurosurgical resection in some cases, though long-term studies are needed. (Funded by Novartis; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00411619.) Copyright © 2010 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Epilepsy Treatment Stimulus Package? Deep Brain Stimulation in Treatment-Resistant Focal Epilepsy$$$ Electrical Stimulation of the Anterior Nucleus of Thalamus for Treatment of Refractory Epilepsy. Fisher R, Salanova V, Witt T, Worth R, Henry T, Gross R, Oommen K, Osorio I, Nazzaro J, Labar D, Kaplitt M, Sperling M, Sandok E, Neal J, Handforth A, Stern J, DeSalles A, Chung S, Shetter A, Bergen D, Bakay R, Henderson J, French J, Baltuch G, Rosenfeld W, Youkilis A, Marks W, Garcia P, Barbaro N, Fountain N, Bazil C, Goodman R, McKhann G, Babu Krishnamurthy K, Papavassiliou S, Epstein C, Pollard J, Tonder L, Grebin J, Coffey R, Graves N; SANTE Study Group. Epilepsia 2010;51(5):899–908. PURPOSE: We report a multicenter, double-blind, randomized trial of bilateral stimulation of the anterior nuclei of the thalamus for localization-related epilepsy. METHODS: Participants were adults with medically refractory partial seizures, including secondarily generalized seizures. Half received stimulation and half no stimulation during a 3-month blinded phase; then all received unblinded stimulation. RESULTS: One hundred ten participants were randomized. Baseline monthly median seizure frequency was 19.5. In the last month of the blinded phase the stimulated group had a 29% greater reduction in seizures compared with the control group, as estimated by a generalized estimating equations (GEE) model (p = 0.002). Unadjusted median declines at the end of the blinded phase were 14.5% in the control group and 40.4% in the stimulated group. Complex partial and “most severe” seizures were significantly reduced by stimulation. By 2 years, there was a 56% median percent reduction in seizure frequency; 54% of patients had a seizure reduction of at least 50%, and 14 patients were seizure-free for at least 6 months. Five deaths occurred and none were from implantation or stimulation. No participant had symptomatic hemorrhage or brain infection. Two participants had acute, transient stimulation-associated seizures. Cognition and mood showed no group differences, but participants in the stimulated group were more likely to report depression or memory problems as adverse events. DISCUSSION: Bilateral stimulation of the anterior nuclei of the thalamus reduces seizures. Benefit persisted for 2 years of study. Complication rates were modest. Deep brain stimulation of the anterior thalamus is useful for some people with medically refractory partial and secondarily generalized seizures. ER  - 
An Approach to the Patient with Substance Use and Abuse$$$ Substance use is ubiquitous among medically ill patients. The 2008 National Survey on Drug Abuse and Health survey estimated that 20.1 million Americans aged 12 years or older (8% of the US population) had used an illicit drug during the preceding month. Some licit substances also create havoc. The survey found that slightly more than half (56%) of Americans reported being current drinkers of alcohol. A total of 6.2 million (2.5%) Americans used prescription-type psychotherapeutic drugs for nonmedical purposes and 70.9 million Americans (or 28.4%) used tobacco during the survey period. Substance abuse problems were diagnosed in up to 36% of medically hospitalized patients for whom a psychiatric consultation was requested. Given how prevalent the use of substances is among the medically ill and their potential effect on comorbid medical conditions, it is important for physicians to be mindful of their prevalence and presentation. This article covers the presenting symptoms of intoxication and withdrawal states, addresses the acute management of the most commonly encountered substances, and summarizes all others in a table. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Safety of stimulant treatment in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: Part II$$$ Importance of the field: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common childhood psychiatric disorder and in at least 50% of cases persists into adulthood. Treatment of ADHD with stimulants is one of the oldest and most effective pharmacological treatments in psychiatry. Yet, there continues to be controversy over the safety of stimulant medications in the treatment of ADHD. Areas covered in this review: This paper is a continuation of an earlier paper that reviewed the safety profile of newer stimulant agents, especially in relation to special populations. This part II reviews, through essentially an organ-system approach, the various clinical concerns that have been raised over the safety of stimulant medications. This includes neuropsychiatric, cardiovascular effects on growth and development, and a number of other less common concerns. What the reader will gain: A thorough review of safety concerns in stimulants that emphasizes clinical information, case reports, open series or controlled trials relating to stimulant use in the treatment of ADHD. Take home message: While many safety concerns have been raised in the use of stimulants, the vast majority of treatment complications are either quickly reversible or easily manageable with appropriate clinical care. The negative consequences of untreated ADHD clearly outweigh the risks of the stimulant medicines when used in an appropriate and careful manner. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacological modulation of voltage-gated potassium channels as a therapeutic strategy$$$ Importance of the field: The human genome encodes at least 40 distinct voltage-gated potassium channel subtypes, which vary in regional expression, pharmacological and biophysical properties. Voltage-dependent potassium (Kv) channels help orchestrate many of the physiological and pathophysiological processes that promote and sometimes hinder the healthy functioning of our bodies. Areas covered in this review: This review summarizes patent and scientific literature reports from the past decade highlighting the opportunities that Kv channels offer for the development of new therapeutic interventions for a wide variety of disorders. What the reader will gain: The reader will gain an insight from an analysis of the associations of different Kv family members with disease processes, summary and evaluation of the development of therapeutically relevant pharmacological modulators of these channels, particularly focusing on proprietary agents being developed. Take home message: Development of new drugs that target Kv channels continue to be of great interest but is proving to be challenging. Nevertheless, opportunities for Kv channel modulators to have an impact on a wide range of disorders in the future remain an exciting prospect. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
5-HT2C receptor modulators: A patent survey$$$ Importance of the field: The 5-HT2C receptor is a GPCR and is one of the 14 subtypes that constitute the serotonin receptor family. The 5-HT2C receptor is exclusively expressed in the CNS where it demonstrates a wide distribution and displays high-affinity interactions with a wide variety of psychiatric medications. Modulators of 5-HT2C have been implicated as a potential treatment for diseases of significant unmet medical need, including obesity, schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, Parkinson's disease, drug addiction, erectile dysfunction and urinary incontinence. Thus, there is a great interest in developing potent and selective 5-HT2C receptor modulators. Areas covered in this review: This review article highlights the research progress in 5-HT2C receptor modulators published in the patent literature between January 2003 and June 2010, giving emphasis to the medicinal chemist's standpoint. What the reader will gain: Readers will rapidly gain an overview of the various 5-HT2C receptor modulators reported in the patent literature in the past 8 years. Furthermore, the readers will learn which structure type can interact with the 5-HT 2C receptor. In addition, the readers will be aware of the pharmaceutical companies that have been the main players in the field. Take home message: There is substantial evidence supporting the concept that a selective 5-HT2C receptor modulator should provide benefit in the treatment of a variety of CNS disorders. Although research efforts have identified several promising 5-HT2C receptor modulators that display high functional selectivity, further clinical efficacy and safety data are needed to prove their actual clinical utility. Therefore, the query for selectively acting 5-HT 2C receptor modulators is still ongoing. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of tics and tourette syndrome$$$ Opinion statement: Tics come in a variety of types and frequencies; have a waxing and waning course; are exacerbated by stress, anxiety, and fatigue; and often resolve or improve in the teenage or early adult years. Tourette syndrome requires the presence of chronic, fluctuating motor and phonic tics. In addition to tics, individuals with Tourette syndrome often have a variety of comorbid conditions such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), obsessive-compulsive disorder, depression and anxiety, episodic outbursts, and academic difficulties. These conditions often are a greater source of difficulty than the tics themselves. All patients with tics should be evaluated to assure proper diagnosis and to identify any associated psychopathology or academic difficulty. The treatment of tics begins with education of the patient and family, including discussions about the fundamentals of tics: their characteristics, etiology, outcomes, and available treatments. Therapy should be individualized based on the extent of impairment, available support, ability to cope, and the presence of other problems. Indications for the treatment of tics include psychosocial problems (loss of self-esteem, comments from peers, excessive worries about tics, diminished participation in activities), functional difficulties, classroom disruption, and physical discomfort. A variety of behavioral approaches can be used. Recent studies have emphasized the value of comprehensive behavioral intervention for tics (CBIT). Because habit reversal is the major component of CBIT, a cooperative patient, the presence of a premonitory urge, and a committed family are essential ingredients for success. If tic-suppressing medication is required, a two-tier approach and monotherapy are recommended. First-tier medications, notably the α-adrenergic agonists, are recommended for individuals with milder tics, especially persons with both tics and ADHD. Second-tier medications include various typical and atypical neuroleptics. Their sequence of prescription is often based on physician experience; I favor pimozide and fluphenazine. Atypical antipsychotics, such as risperidone and aripiprazole, have some advantages based on their side-effect profile and are particularly beneficial in individuals with significant co-existing behavioral issues. As will become readily apparent, however, few medications have been adequately assessed. Deep brain stimulation is an emerging therapy, but further data are required to optimize the location of electrode placement and stimulation and to determine precise indications for its implementation. Stimulant medication is effective in treating ADHD in children with tics; studies reducing concerns about its use are discussed. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Cholinesterase inhibitors: Beyond alzheimers disease$$$ Cholinesterase inhibitors (ChEIs) are widely licensed for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimers disease, but their use has also been examined in a wide variety of neurological disorders besides Alzheimers disease, and this article reviews these uses. The evidence currently available suggests that ChEIs may possibly have a role in the treatment of some patients with dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinsons disease dementia, but at this point in time there would seem to be only a limited case for recommending ChEIs in mild cognitive impairment, Down syndrome, progressive supranuclear palsy, pure vascular dementia, frontotemporal lobar degeneration, Huntingtons disease, multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, delirium, traumatic brain injury, sleep-related disorders or certain psychiatric disorders (e.g., schizophrenia and bipolar disorder). Clinical practice with respect to non-Alzheimers disease indications for ChEIs may vary according to jurisdiction, specifically with regards to whether national guidelines effectively limit off-licence drug use. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression$$$ Repeated daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) was first proposed as a potential treatment for depression in 1993. Multiple studies from researchers around the world since then have repeatedly demonstrated that TMS has antidepressant effects greater than sham treatment, and that these effects are clinically meaningful. A large industry-sponsored trial, published in 2007, resulted in US FDA approval in October 2008. Most recently, a large NIH-sponsored trial, with a more rigorous sham technique, found that a course of treatment (3-5 weeks) was statistically and clinically significant in reducing depression. However, consistently showing statistically and clinically significant antidepressant effects, and gaining regulatory approval, is merely the beginning for this new treatment. As with any new treatment involving a radically different approach, there are many unanswered questions about TMS, and the field is still rapidly evolving. These unanswered questions include the appropriate scalp location, understanding the mechanisms of action, refining the 'dose (frequency, train, number of stimuli/day and pattern of delivery), understanding whether and how TMS can be combined with medications or talking/exposure therapy, or both, and how to deliver maintenance TMS. This article summarizes the available clinical information, and discusses key areas where more research is needed. TMS reflects a paradigm shift in treating depression. It is a safe, relatively noninvasive, focal brain stimulation treatment that does not involve seizures or implanted wires, and does not have drug-drug interactions or systemic side effects. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
DMPA: Battered and bruised but still needed and used in the USA$$$ Depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA; Depo-Provera®, Merck & Co., Inc., NJ, USA) is a very safe and effective method of birth control that can be used by virtually every woman. However, DMPA has not achieved its full potential for pregnancy protection. With correct and consistent use, the first-year pregnancy rate should be 0.3%, but in typical use, the first-year pregnancy rate is 7.4%. This gap is due to interrupted use and high discontinuation rates. Responding to patient complaints of side effects and adopting new practice protocols that enhance prompt access to DMPA may improve continuation rates and lower failure rates. Newer information about the long-term safety of DMPA on bone health and sexually transmitted disease risk may encourage more clinicians to more enthusiastically support the use of DMPA, particularly among women who would benefit from its noncontraceptive health applications. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Assessing the unmet treatment need in partial-onset epilepsy: Looking beyond seizure control$$$ Summary Patients with resistant epilepsy are often coprescribed multiple medications and are more likely to experience drug-drug interactions and adverse events (AEs). A new generation of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) has been developed with improved safety/tolerability profiles. To evaluate the unmet treatment needs in epilepsy, a comprehensive search of the English-language literature was conducted on Medline and other databases using the terms partial epilepsy and focal seizure, focusing on newer AEDs. Sixty-nine articles were identified. Most patients experienced AEs, which were generally mild-moderate in severity. Drug-drug interactions existed for 6 of 11 AEDs for which data were available. There is evidence for depressive symptoms being associated with zonisamide, and mood-stabilizing effects were shown for lamotrigine and pregabalin. Levetiracetam and eslicarbazepine improved cognitive function. Vigabatrin may increase the risk of developing psychosis. Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) was inversely correlated with seizure frequency. Discontinuation rates were often high, although treatment retention improved with slower dose titration. Adjunctive therapy with newer AEDs has the potential to enhance HRQoL and treatment continuation in patients with partial epilepsy. There remains room for improvement in the management of epilepsy, and better treatments and longer-term trials are needed to meet the special requirements of refractory patients. © 2010 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Interventions for cognitive deficits in patients with a brain tumor: An update$$$ Patients with brain tumors may suffer from cognitive deficits caused by the disease and/or its treatment. Here, we review recent efforts in the research on prevention or treatment of cognitive deficits in these patients. We conclude that interest in this area is growing, but that methodological difficulties persist. In addition, we describe the recently completed first randomized controlled trial on the effectiveness of cognitive rehabilitation that we conducted in patients with brain cancer. By reflecting on the methodological challenges experienced in our trial, we hope to assist others in planning and conducting future studies on both pharmacological treatments and cognitive rehabilitation programs for cognitive deficits in this patient population. We conclude with suggestions for future research directions. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Identifying genomic and developmental causes of adverse drug reactions in children$$$ Adverse drug reactions are a concern for all clinicians who utilize medications to treat adults and children; however, the frequency of adult and pediatric adverse drug reactions is likely to be under-reported. In this age of genomics and personalized medicine, identifying genetic variation that results in differences in drug biotransformation and response has contributed to significant advances in the utilization of several commonly used medications in adults. In order to better understand the variability of drug response in children however, we must not only consider differences in genotype, but also variation in gene expression during growth and development, namely ontogeny. In this article, recommendations for systematically approaching pharmacogenomic studies in children are discussed, and several examples of studies that investigate the genomic and developmental contribution to adverse drug reactions in children are reviewed. © 2010 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Preventing psychotic disorders in high-risk patients$$$ Background: Dysfunctional fatty acid metabolism may contribute to the development of psychosis. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are known to interact with the dopaminergic and serotoninergic systems, and reduced levels of these acids have been reported in patients with schizophrenia. Therefore, omega-3 PUFA supplementation might be useful in preventing the transition to a psychotic state. Amminger and colleagues conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to determine if use of omega-3 PUFAs could prevent a first episode of psychosis. The Study: The authors randomized 81 participants at high risk of developing a psychotic disorder to receive 1.2 g per day of omega-3 PUFAs (i.e., marine fish oil, including 700 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and 480 mg of docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) or a placebo. Participants were 13 to 25 years of age and were classified as high-risk based on the presence of one or more of several criteria: attenuated positive psychotic symptoms (i.e., moderate to high levels of delusions, hallucinations, suspiciousness, or conceptual disorganization), spontaneously resolving transient psychosis (lasting less than one week), or having schizotypal personality disorder or a first-degree relative with a psychotic disorder. Patients were excluded if they had a history of psychosis or mania, neurologic disorders (e.g., epilepsy), substance dependence, previous use of an antipsychotic or mood stabilizer, or an IQ of less than 70. Participants received the treatment drug or placebo for 12 weeks and were followed for one year, with a primary end point of conversion to psychotic disorder. Results: The risk of developing psychosis was significantly reduced for patients taking omega-3 PUFAs (4.9 versus 27.5 percent for placebo, respectively). The PUFA group also had significantly greater reductions in positive and negative psychotic symptoms, and a greater improvement in overall functioning (final mean Global Assessment of Functioning scores of 78.7 versus 67.2 for placebo, from respective baselines of 61.0 and 60.0). The groups also had similar adherence rates, antidepressant and benzodiazepine use, and need for interval psychological and psychosocial interventions. Conclusion: The authors conclude that use of omega-3 PUFA supplementation for 12 weeks significantly reduces the likelihood that a high-risk patient will transition to a psychotic disorder, and improves symptoms and functioning for 12 months after treatment is initiated. The authors caution that their results were based on a small number of patients, and the effectiveness of omega-3 PUFAs beyond 12 months is unknown. However, they state that even delaying the onset of psychosis is a worthwhile achievement. © 2010 by the American Academy of Family Physicians. ER  - 
PEARLS depression treatment for individuals with epilepsy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Depression is associated with higher rates of suicide and lower levels of functioning and quality of life in individuals with epilepsy. The objective of this randomized controlled trial was to determine the effectiveness of PEARLS, a home-based program for managing depression in adult individuals with epilepsy and clinically significant acute and chronic depression. Methods: Delivered by masters-level counselors, PEARLS is a collaborative care intervention consisting of problem solving treatment, behavioral activation, and psychiatric consultation. Patients were randomly assigned to the PEARLS intervention (N= 40) or usual care (N= 40), and assessed at baseline, 6. months, and 12. months. Results: Compared with patients who received usual care, patients assigned to the PEARLS intervention achieved lower depression severity (P<. 0.005) (Hopkins Symptoms Checklist-20) and lower suicidal ideation (P= 0.025) over 12. months. Conclusions: The PEARLS program, a community-integrated, home-based treatment for depression, effectively reduces depressive symptoms in adults with epilepsy and comorbid depression. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
The use of clozapine among individuals with intellectual disability: A review$$$ Clozapine has been approved in the United States since 1990 for refractory or treatment resistant schizophrenia in the general population. However, as with many other antipsychotic medications, it is being prescribed for reasons other than those indicated. Among individuals with intellectual disabilities, clozapine is increasingly being prescribed to treat behavioral problems, although the empirical evidence for such a practice is lacking. This review was undertaken as an attempt to summarize the available studies regarding the use of clozapine for behavioral purposes among individuals with intellectual disabilities. Findings of our review suggest that the effectiveness of clozapine in targeting challenging behaviors among individuals with intellectual disabilities is relatively inconclusive at present. We discuss reasons why these limitations exist and offer some solutions to help alleviate these limitations. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacologic treatment of behavioral symptoms associated with autism and other pervasive developmental disorders$$$ Opinion statement: Pervasive developmental disorders (PDDs), including autistic disorder (autism), Asperger's disorder, and pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified (PDD NOS), are neurodevelopmental disorders of childhood onset. These disorders persist throughout the lifespan of affected individuals and are characterized by impaired social behavior and communication, along with repetitive, stereotypic behaviors. Early diagnosis and subsequent behavioral therapy have been shown to improve outcomes for these individuals. Risperidone and aripiprazole have been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of irritability associated with autism in children and adolescents. Despite their efficacy, use of these medications is limited by their side effects. In individuals with severe irritability, the first-line treatment is often risperidone. Because of its relatively lower risk of weight gain and metabolic side effects, aripiprazole may be used initially if there is a personal or family history of obesity or diabetes. Monitoring of body mass index and metabolic profiles is indicated with both medications. Stereotypic behaviors associated with autism, though clearly driven by neurobiologic processes, can also be understood as coping mechanisms used to decrease anxiety. From this perspective, therapies targeting reduction of these symptoms may be contraindicated. However, when these symptoms are severe and interfering, pharmacotherapy may be necessary. Serotonin reuptake inhibitors are of limited efficacy in children and adolescents, but risperidone and aripiprazole have been shown to reduce these symptoms. There remains a need for further safety and efficacy research in this area. Hyperactivity and inattention are currently treated with a variety of medications, including guanfacine, which has a relatively benign side effect profile. Stimulant medications are generally avoided as first-line treatment for hyperactivity because of concerns about increased irritability. Currently, social impairment is best addressed through behavioral therapy and social skills training. Novel pharmacotherapies to improve social impairment are in the early stages of research. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Newer anticonvulsant medications in pediatric neurology$$$ Opinion statement: Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are the mainstay of treatment for recurrent seizures. Uncontrolled seizures may cause medical, developmental, and psychological disturbances. The medical practitioner should thus strive to eliminate or minimize seizures. Treatment advances in epilepsy include 1) identification of the basic mechanisms of epilepsy and action of AEDs, 2) the introduction of new AEDs, and 3) the use of neurostimulation, including vagus nerve stimulation. Treatment with AEDs involves balancing each AED's efficacy against its side effects. In some patients, effective AEDs must be discontinued because of intolerable side effects. Although all AEDs have a proven efficacy, the choice of AEDs should be based on better efficacy for individual seizure types or epilepsy syndromes. Side effects also differ from drug to drug and must be taken into account. This article focuses on studies and expert opinion consensus to guide the choice of AEDs. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Formative and process evaluations of a cognitive-behavioral therapy and mindfulness intervention for people with epilepsy and depression$$$ People with chronic diseases are at high risk for depression, resulting in a need for effective and accessible treatment options. Project UPLIFT is a program based on cognitive-behavioral therapy and mindfulness that is aimed at reducing depressive symptoms among people with epilepsy. It is designed to be delivered to small groups of people over the phone or Internet. This study describes the formative and process evaluations of Project UPLIFT; the purpose of these evaluations was to assess the acceptability and feasibility of the program, looking at both the program components and delivery methods. The formative evaluation, conducted prior to program implementation, included nine participants in three focus groups. The process evaluation included qualitative comments and responses to the Client Satisfaction Questionnaire from 38 Project UPLIFT pilot study participants. Overall, the results from both evaluations indicate that participants felt that Project UPLIFT was acceptable and perceived to be beneficial. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Distance delivery of mindfulness-based cognitive therapy for depression: Project UPLIFT$$$ This study evaluated the efficacy of a newly developed, home-based depression intervention for people with epilepsy. Based on mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT), the eight-session, weekly intervention was designed for group delivery via the Internet or telephone. Forty participants were randomly assigned to intervention or waitlist. Depressive symptoms and other outcomes were measured at baseline, after intervening in the intervention group (~. 8. weeks), and after intervening in the waitlist group (~. 16. weeks). Depressive symptoms decreased significantly more in the intervention group than the waitlist group; Internet and telephone did not differ. This effect persisted over the 8. weeks when those waitlisted received the intervention. Knowledge/skills increased significantly more in the intervention than the waitlist group. All other changes, though not significant, were in the expected direction. Findings indicate that distance delivery of group MBCT can be effective in reducing symptoms of depression in people with epilepsy. Directions for future research are proposed. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Epileptiform abnormalities in children diagnosed with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ The frequency of epileptiform abnormalities (EAs) and correlates of EAs in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) was investigated in a retrospective study. The total sample consisted of 607 children with ADHD from the only center diagnosing and treating ADHD in the region. EEGs were obtained in 517 cases, and EAs were found in 39 (7.5%) children. Of these, 21(53.9%) showed generalized EAs, 16 (41%) had focal EAs, and 2 (5.1%) had both. Rolandic spikes were observed in 9 cases (1.7% of the total group). A previous history of epileptic seizures was reported in 14 (2.5%) children, and was more common in those with EAs than in those without. The group with ADHD and EAs had a larger proportion of girls and the ADHD inattentive subtype, independent of a history of epilepsy. Future research should focus on the clinical consequences of EAs in children with ADHD. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Glucocorticoid use in acute lymphoblastic leukaemia$$$ Glucocorticoids (prednisone and dexamethasone) play an essential part in the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL), but their optimum doses and bioequivalence have not been established. Results of preclinical studies have shown that dexamethasone has a longer half-life and better CNS penetration than does prednisone. In prospective randomised trials, dexamethasone improved control of CNS leukaemia. At a prednisone-to-dexamethasone dose ratio of less than seven, dexamethasone (6-18 mg/m2 per day) resulted in a better event-free survival than did prednisone (40-120 mg/m2 per day), and high-dose dexamethasone (10-18 mg/m2 per day) improved the outcome of T-cell ALL and high-risk ALL. However, dexamethasone caused more adverse effects, including infection, bone fracture, osteonecrosis, mood and behaviour problems, and myopathy. At a dose ratio greater than seven, the two drugs showed no difference in efficacy. Therefore, the efficacy of prednisone and dexamethasone is dose dependent and needs to be carefully assessed against the toxic effects. Moreover, although dexamethasone generally showed increased activity in ALL cells in vitro, the dose ratio of the two drugs that exerted equivalent cytotoxic effects differed substantially in samples from individuals. The selection of the type and dose of glucocorticoid should be based on the risk of relapse, treatment phase, and the chemotherapeutic drugs used concomitantly. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Major human histamine H3-receptor isoforms display pharmacological differences$$$ Brain histamine is involved in regulation of numerous functions of the central nervous system (CNS) with growing evidence for the involvement of the histamine H3- receptor (H3R) in arousal, cognition, locomotor activity, autonomic and vestibular functions, feeding and drinking, sexual behaviour, and analgesia. In addition, H3R specific ligands display beneficial effects in animal models of obesity, epilepsy, and cognitive disorders such as Alzheimer's disease and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. As a result, H3R antagonists are currently undergoing clinical trials. The aim of this study was to pharmacologically characterize three common naturally occurring human H3R (hH3R) isoforms, hH3R 445, hH3R 365 and hH3R 329, transiently expressed in HEK 293 cells, using [3H]GSK 189254, a new high affinity selective H3R inverse agonist. The hH3R 365 and hH3R 329 differ from hH3R 445 by a deletion of 80 and 116 amino acids in intracellular loop 3, respectively and display a differential and overlapping expression pattern in the human CNS. The hH3R 329 had a 5-fold lower affinity (0.98 ± 0.40 nM, n = 4) for [3H] GSK 189254 than either the hH3R 445 (0.16 ± 0.04 nM, n = 4) or hH3R 365 (0.24 ± 0.07 nM, n = 4). Interestingly, co-transfection (cDNA ratio 1:1) of the hH3R 329 isoform had no effect on hH3R 445 affinity (0.27 ± 0.07 nM, n = 4), but reduced by approximately 10-fold, [3H]GSK 189254 affinity for hH3R 365 (2.00 ± 1.1 nM, n = 5). Competition binding studies with the three isoforms either expressed alone or co-expressed showed notable differences in pharmacology. Previous reports have shown that the 80 amino acid deletion in hH3R 365 conferred higher affinity and potency for H3R agonists but lower affinity and potency for H3R inverse agonists compared to the full length hH3R 445 isoform. We have confirmed this observation in our study. These differences in H3R pharmacology displayed by GSK189254 for the major human isoforms are of potential importance for a detailed understanding of the clinical efficacy of H3R ligands. ER  - 
Neurotrophins and acupuncture$$$ The aim of this review is to report recent findings and ongoing studies on the effects of acupuncture on endogenous biological mediators, in particular on neurotrophins such as nerve growth factor (NGF) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). Acupuncture is a therapeutic technique and is a part of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). Western descriptions of the clinical efficacy of acupuncture on pain, inflammation, motor dysfunction, mood disorders, and seizures are based on the stimulation of several classes of sensory afferent fibers and the consequent activation of physiological processes similar to those resulting from physical exercise or deep massage. The established research on the neuro-physiological correlates of acupuncture has pointed towards endogenous opioids as the principal biological mediators of the therapeutic actions of this ancient technique. More recently, several classes of molecules, such as neurotransmitters, cytokines and growth factors, have also been identified as possible mediators for specific acupuncture effects. This review will focus on the links between acupuncture and a class of growth factors known as neurotrophins (NTs), which are the main mediators of neural activity, plasticity and repair following neurodegeneration and/or traumatic injury. A special emphasis will be placed on the work of our laboratory investigating the role of nerve growth factor (NGF), the prototypical member of the neurotrophin family, as a mediator of acupuncture effects in the central nervous system (CNS) and as a modulator of sensory and autonomic activity. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Phase III randomized trial assessing rofecoxib in the adjuvant setting of colorectal cancer: Final results of the VICTOR trial$$$ Purpose: Laboratory and case-control studies suggest a pivotal role for the cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) pathway in colorectal carcinogenesis. The purpose of this study was to test whether the COX-2 inhibitor rofecoxib could reduce recurrence and improve survival when administered in the adjuvant setting of colorectal cancer (CRC). Patients and Methods: Patients who had undergone potentially curative surgery and completion of adjuvant therapy for stage II and III CRC were randomly assigned to receive rofecoxib (20 mg daily) or placebo. The primary end point was overall survival (OS). Where formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tumor tissue samples were available, COX-2 expression was evaluated by immunohistochemistry and correlated with clinical outcome. Results: Two thousand four hundred thirty-four patients were entered onto the study. The trial was terminated early because of the worldwide withdrawal of rofecoxib. At this point, 1,167 patients had received rofecoxib and 1,160 patients had received placebo for median treatment durations of 7.4 and 8.2 months, respectively. For the rofecoxib and placebo arms, median follow-up times were 4.84 and 4.85 years, with 241 and 246 deaths and 297 and 329 recurrences, respectively. No difference was demonstrated in OS (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.97; 95% CI, 0.81 to 1.16; P = .75) or recurrence (HR = 0.89; 95% CI, 0.76 to 1.04; P = .15) comparing the two groups. Tumor COX-2 expression by immunohistochemistry was assessed for 871 patients, but neither prognostic nor predictive effects were observed. Conclusion: In this study of abbreviated therapy in the adjuvant setting of CRC, rofecoxib did not improve OS or protect from recurrence in unselected patients. In addition, COX-2 expression did not correlate with prognosis overall or predict effectiveness of COX-2 inhibitors. © 2010 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Effects of erythropoietin on depressive symptoms and neurocognitive deficits in depression and bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Depression and bipolar disorder are associated with reduced neural plasticity and deficits in memory, attention and executive function. Drug treatments for these affective disorders have insufficient clinical effects in a large group and fail to reverse cognitive deficits. There is thus a need for more effective treatments which aid cognitive function. Erythropoietin (Epo) is involved in neuroplasticity and is a candidate for future treatment of affective disorders. The investigators have demonstrated that a single dose of Epo improves cognitive function and reduces neurocognitive processing of negative emotional information in healthy and depressed individuals similar to effects seen with conventional antidepressants. The current study adds to the previous findings by investigating whether repeated Epo administration has antidepressant effects in patients with treatment resistant depression and reverses cognitive impairments in these patients and in patients with bipolar disorder in remission.Methods/design: The trial has a double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group design. 40 patients with treatment-resistant major depression and 40 patients with bipolar disorder in remission are recruited and randomised to receive weekly infusions of Epo (Eprex; 40,000 IU) or saline (NaCl 0.9%) for 8 weeks. Randomisation is stratified for age and gender. The primary outcome parameters for the two studies are: depression severity measured with the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 17 items (HDRS-17) 1 in study 1 and, in study 2, verbal memory measured with the Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test (RAVLT) 23. With inclusion of 40 patients in each study we obtain 86% power to detect clinically relevant differences between intervention and placebo groups on these primary outcomes.Trial registration: The trial is approved by the Local Ethics Committee: H-C-2008-092, Danish Medicines Agency: 2612-4020, EudraCT: 2008-04857-14, Danish Data Agency: 2008-41-2711 and ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT 00916552. © 2010 Miskowiak et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of alcohol dependence$$$ Alcohol is a commonly used psychoactive substance all over the world and responsible for a significant proportion of mortality and morbidity. The treatment of alcohol dependence consists of two phases, detoxification and rehabilitation. Pharmacotherapy is being investigated to enhance abstinence and prevent relapse and complement interventions at a psychosocial level. Alcohol activates dopamine in the nucleus accumbens and mediates positive reinforcement and reward. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) have approved three medications, disulfiram, naltrexone and acamprosate for the treatment of alcohol dependence. The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) particularly fluoxetine and citalopram have been evaluated. Buspirone and Ondansetron have also been tried for alcohol dependence. Combination of naltrexone and acamprosate has shown promising results. It is essential to develop clinically useful pharmacological treatments, which can be evaluated using large-scale clinical trials. Clinical trial methodologies to evaluate combination treatments and using medications along with psychosocial treatments are required. ER  - 
Antidepressant-associated sexual dysfunction: Impact, effects, and treatment$$$ Sexual dysfunction is a common side effect of antidepressants and can have significant impact on the person's quality of life, relationships, mental health, and recovery. The reported incidence of sexual dysfunction associated with antidepressant medication varies considerably between studies, making it difficult to estimate the exact incidence or prevalence. The sexual problems reported range from decreased sexual desire, decreased sexual excitement, diminished or delayed orgasm, to erection or delayed ejaculation problems. There are a number of case reports of sexual side effects, such as priapism, painful ejaculation, penile anesthesia, loss of sensation in the vagina and nipples, persistent genital arousal and nonpuerperal lactation in women. The focus of this article is to explore the incidence, pathophysiology, and treatment of antidepressant iatrogenic sexual dysfunction. © 2010 Higgins et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Do selected drugs increase the risk of lupus? A matched case-control study$$$ WHAT IS ALREADY KNOWN ON THIS SUBJECT • Numerous previous case reports have suggested that lupus can be induced by a range of prescription medications. • Analytical studies quantifying risk of drug-induced lupus are lacking. WHAT THIS STUDY ADDS • This was the first large study to quantify risk of lupus associated with carbamazepine, hydralazine, and other prescription medicines suspected of inducing the disease. • We confirmed some, but not all, associations that have been hypothesized in case reports. • This study provides evidence that increased risks may be causal given the lack of an increased risk observed with deliberately selected 'comparison' drugs. AIM To investigate the association between risk of lupus and exposure to selected drugs implicated in risk of lupus in a number of case reports. METHODS In this matched nested case-control study we utilized primary care data from the UK General Practice Research Database recorded between 1987 and 2001. Cases with at least one medical code for systemic lupus erythematosus or drug-induced lupus in their computerized records were matched to controls without a medical code for lupus or any other autoimmune disorder. Using conditional logistic regression we computed odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for risk of lupus associated with exposure to selected drugs. RESULTS There were 875 incident cases, of which 12% (n = 107) had evidence of a prescription for one or more of the suspected drugs, and 3632 matched controls. For some drugs, prescriptions were too uncommon to be able to estimate associated risk of lupus. Despite small numbers of exposed patients and low statistical precision we observed an increased risk of lupus for hydralazine (OR = 6.62, 95% CI 1.03, 42.74), minocycline (OR = 4.23, 95% CI 2.65, 6.75) and carbamazepine (OR = 1.88, 95% CI 1.09, 3.22). There was some indication that the effect of carbamazepine was restricted to women (P for interaction by gender = 0.047). CONCLUSION This study shows that even those drugs suggested by case reports as causing lupus cannot all be clearly shown to be associated, even in a very large population-based database. Our findings support causal relationships for carbamazepine, minocycline and possibly hydralazine. Overall, drugs do not seem to be a major cause of lupus. © 2010 The British Pharmacological Society. ER  - 
Tuberculosis in humans and its epidemiology, diagnosis and treatment in the United States$$$ Tuberculosis (TB) is a pulmonary and systemic disease caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex species. TB is spread from person to person by airborne transmission. Several factors determine the probability of transmission, including the infectiousness of the source patient and the nature of the environment where exposure occurs. This initial infection (primary TB) rapidly progresses to disease in some persons (especially children and immunocompromised persons), but resolves spontaneously in most individuals. This condition in which the organism lies dormant is known as latent TB infection (LTBI). In the United States, the diagnosis of LTBI is made with either the tuberculin skin test or an interferon-gamma release assay. LTBI is treated with isoniazid (INH; usually for 9 months) to prevent progression to TB disease. Up to 5% of immunocompetent persons will progress to TB disease at some time in the future, even decades after infection, if they are not treated for LTBI. Pulmonary TB disease is diagnosed using a combination of chest radiography and microscopic examination, culture and nucleic acid amplification testing of sputum. Treatment of drug-susceptible TB consists of at least 6 months of an INH and rifampin-containing regimen (with ethambutol and pyrazinamide for the first 2 months). In the United States, drug-resistant TB is relatively rare (approximately 1% of all patients), and is treated with an 18-24 month individualized regimen based on drug susceptibility test results. © 2010 The Union. ER  - 
Oral lorazepam prevents seizure during high-dose busulfan in children undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: A prospective study$$$ High-dose Busulfan in combination chemotherapy has been used commonly for hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. It crosses the blood-brain barrier and could cause seizure. Benzodiazepines have been used as anticonvulsant prophylaxis. This is a prospective study using oral lorazepam together with busulfan-based conditioning regimen in 30 children undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. The dose of lorazepam used ranged from 0.017 to 0.039 mg/kg (median=0.026 mg/kg) per dose. None of the patients developed seizure while receiving oral lorazepam or within 72 hours of the last dose of Busulfan. Oral lorazepam was tolerated by the patients, but all patients needed dose reduction due to some adverse effects. In the authors' experience, oral lorazepam is a useful anticonvulsant prophylaxis for children receiving high-dose busulfan. © 2010 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
High cefepime plasma concentrations and neurological toxicity in febrile neutropenic patients with mild impairment of renal function$$$ High-dose cefepime therapy is recommended for febrile neutropenia. Safety issues have been raised in a recent meta-analysis reporting an increased risk of mortality during cefepime therapy. Cefepime-related neurological toxicity has been associated with overdosing due to severe renal dysfunction. This study aimed to investigate the association between cefepime plasma concentrations and neurological toxicity in febrile neutropenic patients. Cefepime trough concentrations (by high-performance liquid chromatography) were retrospectively analyzed for 30 adult febrile neutropenic patients receiving the recommended high-dose regimen (6 g/day for a glomerular filtration rate [GFR] of >50 ml/min). The dose adjustment to renal function was evaluated by the ratio of the cefepime daily dose per 100 ml/min of glomerular filtration. The association between cefepime plasma concentrations and neurological toxicity was assessed on the basis of consistent neurological symptoms and/or signs (by NCI criteria). The median cefepime concentration was 8.7 mg/liter (range, 2.1 to 38 mg/liter) at a median of 4 days (range, 2 to 15 days) after the start of therapy. Neurological toxicity (altered mental status, hallucinations, or myoclonia) was attributed to cefepime in 6/30 (20%) patients (median GFR, 45 ml/min; range, 41 to 65 ml/min) receiving a median dose of 13.2 g/day per 100 ml/min GFR (range, 9.2 to 14.3 g/day per 100 ml/min GFR). Cefepime discontinuation resulted in complete neurological recovery for five patients and improvement for one patient. A multivariate logistic regression model confirmed high cefepime concentrations as an independent predictor of neurological toxicity, with a 50% probability threshold at ≥22 mg/liter (P = 0.05). High cefepime plasma concentrations are associated with neurological toxicity in febrile neutropenic patients with mild renal dysfunction. Careful adherence to normalized dosing per 100 ml/min GFR is crucial. Monitoring of plasma concentrations may contribute to preventing neurological toxicity of high-dose therapy for this life-threatening condition. Copyright © 2010, American Society for Microbiology. All Rights Reserved. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric lupus: Clinical challenges, brain-reactive autoantibodies and treatment strategies$$$ Neurological manifestations in lupus can be due to active lupus disease affecting the brain or to other reasons. Reversible posterior leucoencephalopathy syndrome, primary lymphoma of the central nervous system, cerebral infections by bacteria (e.g. mycobacteria), viruses (e.g. JC virus), fungi (e.g. Cryptococcus) and parasites (e.g. Acanthamoeba), steroid-induced psychosis and reactive depression need to be excluded. Brain-reactive autoantibodies have been described as associating with neuropsychiatric lupus. The strongest associations described to date are with antiribosomal P protein and antiphospholipid antibodies. However these autoantibodies have not been shown to play significant roles in the pathogenesis. Treatment strategy for severe neuropsychiatric lupus include establishing definitive diagnosis, early identification and treatment of aggravating factors, appropriate symptomatic treatment, adequate immunosuppression, selective B-cell depletion and autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplant. Systematic reviews have shown that cyclophosphamide administration is superior to pulse methylprednisolone as a maintenance therapy. Mycophenolate mofetil has been shown to have modest effect and should only be considered if cyclophosphamide cannot be administered. © 2010 The Author(s). ER  - 
Reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome: Diagnosis and management in the setting of lung transplantation$$$ Reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome (RPLS) is a potentially devastating early complication of calcineurin inhibitor (CNI) therapy in solid organ transplantation. Management centres on cessation of CNI therapy; however, this strategy is complicated in lung transplantation because of the threat of allograft rejection, or, if CNI is replaced with mammalian target of rapamycin-based immunosuppression, poor wound healing and bronchial dehiscence. We describe four cases of RPLS after lung transplantation, emphasizing the diagnostic and management approach required to maintain a healthy allograft and ensure that RPLS is, as the name suggests, reversible. © 2010 The Authors. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy-induced persistent retrograde amnesia: Could it be minimised by ketamine or other pharmacological approaches?$$$ Background: Certain pharmacological agents administered during electroconvulsive therapy may have the potential to prevent persistent retrograde amnesia induced during electroconvulsive therapy. This review examines mechanisms for electroconvulsive therapy-induced retrograde amnesia, and evaluates the suitability of the anaesthetic ketamine for preventing this amnestic outcome. Methods: A review of human studies, animal models and theoretical models in light of memory dysfunction following electroconvulsive therapy was conducted. MEDLINE was searched from 1950 to April 2009 using the MeSH terms "electroconvulsive therapy", "memory", "memory short term", "memory disorders", "excitatory amino acid antagonists", and "ketamine". PREMEDLINE was searched using the terms "electroconvulsive therapy", "amnesia" and "ketamine". Additional keyword and reference list searches were performed. No language, date constraints or article type constraints were used. Results: Disruption of long term potentiation as a mechanism for electroconvulsive therapy-induced retrograde amnesia is well supported. Based on this putative mechanism, an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist would appear suitable for preventing the retrograde amnesia. Available evidence in animals and humans supports the prediction that ketamine, an anaesthetic agent and N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist, could effectively prevent electroconvulsive therapy-induced persistent retrograde amnesia. Whilst there are concerns about the use of ketamine with electroconvulsive therapy, such as possible psychotomimetic effects, on balance this anaesthetic agent may improve or hasten clinical response to electroconvulsive therapy. Conclusions: A clinical trial is warranted to determine if ketamine anaesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy can lessen persistent retrograde amnesia and improve therapeutic response. Electroconvulsive therapy with ketamine anaesthesia may provide effective antidepressant action with minimal side effects. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comparison of available treatments for tobacco addiction$$$ Cigarette smoking is a major public health problem that causes more than 5 million deaths annually worldwide. Cigarette smoking is especially common among individuals with psychiatric comorbidity, including individuals with primary psychiatric disorders and other addictions. Effective behavioral and pharmacologic treatments for smoking cessation are available. Behavioral treatments including brief (< 3 min) counseling by physicians are effective. Seven first-line pharmacologic treatments are currently available: five nicotine replacement therapies, bupropion, and varenicline. In addition, clonidine and nortriptyline are second-line treatments for smoking cessation. These treatments increase the chances of quitting smoking by two- to threefold, supporting their use in smokers who are motivated to quit. However, effective treatments for many subpopulations, including smokers with psychiatric comorbidities as well as adolescent, pregnant, or postpartum smokers, remain to be developed and represent an important challenge. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Whats new in the treatment of cocaine addiction?$$$ Cocaine dependence continues to be a significant public health problem in the United States. The number of regular cocaine users has not declined significantly in the United States since 1992. Although counseling remains the treatment of choice for cocaine dependence, many cocaine-dependent patients do not respond completely to standard drug counseling. Therefore, the development of new and more effective treatments for cocaine dependence is a research priority. Progress in the understanding of the neurobiology of cocaine dependence has led to the discovery of several promising medications that have already shown encouraging results in controlled clinical trials. Other promising compounds are just becoming available for clinical trials. The use of novel psychosocial techniques such as contingency management seems to increase the efficacy of several medications used to treat cocaine dependence. New medications and new psychosocial techniques are leading to significant improvements in the treatment of cocaine dependence. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Comorbid conditions with migraine$$$ Background: and objectives Comorbidity refers to coexistancy or concomitancy with an unrelated pathological or disease process of separate conditions in the same individuals. Migraine may be associated with various medical, neurological and psychiatric diseases. The aim of this study was to evaluate the comorbidity in migraine patients. Materials and methods: Patients' data from Turkish Headache Database Study Group were evaluated in this retrospective study. The study group consisted of 3414 cases based on The International Classification of Headache Disorders, 2nd edn diagnostic criteria. Migraine comorbidity in the patients were assessed according to their self reports. Results: Mean age was 43,3 ± 12,6 (min14- max90). The patients were divided into four groups; migraine with aura, migraine without aura, probable migraine, complications of migraine. Psychiatric comorbidities (depression in 31.5%, anxiety disorder in 11.7%, obsessivecompulsive disorder in 1.9%, psychosis in 0.8%), non-headache pain in 31.0%, vascular comorbidities (hypertension in 14.5%, atherosclerotic heart disease in 8.5%, transient ischemic attack and stroke in 0.3%), atopic disorder in 1.5%, and epilepsy in 1.1% of patients were detected. Conclusion: Migraine is a complex disease that requires a multidisciplinary disease management approach. Comorbid disorders have been found to affect migraine progression and treatment strategy. The presence of these disorders can impose therapeutic challenges and limit treatment alternatives. ER  - 
Cerebrovascular complications after heart transplantation$$$ Neurological complications in orthotopic heart transplantation represent a major cause of morbidity and mortality despite successful transplantation. The most frequent perioperative neurological complications are delirium or encephalopathy. In this period cerebrovascular complication ranges between 5-11%. After the perioperative period, the 5- year stroke risk after cardiac transplantation is 4.1%. In a retrospective study conducted with 314 patients who underwent cardiac transplantation, it was found that 20% of cerebrovascular complications occurred within the first two weeks after transplantation, while 80% occurred in the late postoperative phase. Of these, ischemic stroke is the most common subtype. In the perioperative periode, hemodynamic instability, cardiac arrest, extracorporeal circulation over 2 hours, prior history of stroke, and carotid stenosis greater than 50% have been reported to be risk factors for the occurrence of cerebrovascular complications. Perioperative cerebrovascular complications are associated with higher mortality and poor functional outcome at one year follow-up. After the perioperative period, the only factor that has been significantly associated with an increased risk of cerebrovascular complications is a history of prior stroke, either ischemic or hemorrhagic. Other associated factors include unknown atrial fibrillation, septic emboli from endocarditis, cardiac catheterization and perioperative hemodynamic shock. According to the TOAST etiologic classification, the most prevalent etiologic subtype of ischemic stroke is undetermined cause. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Molecular and therapeutic potential and toxicity of valproic acid$$$ Valproic acid (VPA), a branched short-chain fatty acid, is widely used as an antiepileptic drug and a mood stabilizer. Antiepileptic properties have been attributed to inhibition of Gamma Amino Butyrate (GABA) transaminobutyrate and of ion channels. VPA was recently classified among the Histone Deacetylase Inhibitors, acting directly at the level of gene transcription by inhibiting histone deacetylation and making transcription sites more accessible. VPA is a widely used drug, particularly for children suffering from epilepsy. Due to the increasing number of clinical trials involving VPA, and interesting results obtained, this molecule will be implicated in an increasing number of therapies. However side effects of VPA are substantially described in the literature whereas they are poorly discussed in articles focusing on its therapeutic use. This paper aims to give an overview of the different clinical-trials involving VPA and its side effects encountered during treatment as well as its molecular properties. © 2010 Sbastien Chateauvieux et al. ER  - 
Pilot pharmacologic randomized controlled trial for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Objective: There have been few treatment trials for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Some psychotherapies have been shown to improve PNES and comorbid symptom outcomes. We evaluated a pharmacologic intervention to test the hypothesis that sertraline would reduce Pnes. Methods: We conducted a pilot, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial in an academic medical hospital with epilepsy center outpatients. Subjects aged 18 to 65 years diagnosed with video-EEG-confirmed PNES were treated with flexible-dose sertraline or placebo over 12 weeks. Seizure calendars and symptom scales were charted prospectively. Secondary outcome measures included psychiatric symptom scales and psychosocial variables. Results: Thirty-eight subjects enrolled, and 26 (68%) completed the trial. Thirty-three subjects with nonzero nonepileptic seizure rates at baseline were included in intent-to-treat analysis of the primary outcome. Subjects assigned to the sertraline arm experienced a 45% reduction in seizure rates from baseline to final visit (p = 0.03) vs an 8% increase in placebo (p = 0.78). Secondary outcome scales revealed no significant between-group differences in change scores from baseline to final visit, after adjustment for differences at baseline. Conclusions: PNES were reduced in patients treated with a serotonin selective reuptake inhibitor, whereas those treated with placebo slightly increased. This study provides feasibility data for a larger-scale study. Level Of Evidence: This study provides Class II evidence that flexible-dose sertraline up to a maximum dose of 200 mg is associated with a nonsignificant reduction in PNES rate compared with a placebo control arm (risk ratio 0.51, 95% confidence interval 0.25-1.05, p = 0.29), adjusting for differences at baseline. Copyright © 2010 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Antivirals for influenza: Strategies for use in pediatrics$$$ Influenza infection is annually responsible for significant morbidity and mortality, particularly among the very young and old. Recently updated guidelines recommend influenza vaccination of all children aged 6 months to 18 years; however, childhood vaccination remains underutilized. Furthermore, concerns over the reduced efficacy of vaccination in children have further heightened the need for effective treatment schemes. Antiviral therapies have emerged as attractive options in the battle against influenza infection. These agents include the adamantanes (amantadine and rimantadine) and neuraminidase inhibitors (zanamivir, oseltamivir, and peramivir). Broad-scale use of adamantane antivirals has been severely limited in recent years because of high resistance rates and their inability to cover influenza type B. Neuraminidase inhibitors cover influenza types A and B, and have been promulgated to first-line therapy because of historically low resistance rates and relatively infrequent side effects. Moreover, these agents are effective options in combating non-seasonal influenza strains, including H5N1 and pandemic 2009 H1N1. Oseltamivir may be particularly appealing for treating children since it is available in multiple oral dosage formulations, whereas commercially available zanamivir use is limited in young children because it requires inhalation. However, the emergence of resistance to oseltamivir among influenza A strains may limit its usefulness. Additional concerns with neuraminidase inhibitor use in pediatrics center around emerging reports, primarily from Japan, that have temporally linked oseltamivir to significant neuropsychiatric events in children of varying ages. Numerous novel antiviral agents are under development, but most are far from market approval. In addition to treating and preventing the initial burden of pediatric influenza infection, antiviral therapies may significantly reduce secondary bacterial infections (including pneumonia and otitis media), unnecessary antibiotic prescribing, and healthcare-associated costs. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A Comparison of Venlafaxine and SSRIs in Deliberate Self-poisoning$$$ To compare the clinical features of deliberate self-poisoning with venlafaxine and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) presenting to the emergency department of an Australian tertiary referral hospital. A retrospective cohort study comparing all 36 patients who presented with venlafaxine self-poisoning with 44 randomly selected patients with SSRI self-poisoning between 1997 and 2006. Patients who had overdosed on venlafaxine were older (mean age 37.4 versus 28.8 years, p ≤ 0.001) and generally exhibited a higher degree of suicidal intent (p ≤ 0.017). Median venlafaxine dose taken was 35 defined daily doses (DDDs) compared with SSRIs 19.4 DDDs. Those who ingested venlafaxine were more likely to become confused (25% versus 0%; p = 0) and have mydriasis (19.4% versus 2%; p ≤ 0.02), than those who took SSRIs. One patient from the venlafaxine group died. Compared with SSRI self-poisoners, patients who deliberately ingested venlafaxine were more likely to exhibit serious suicide intent. They were also more likely to be older, take a higher DDD of the drug, and have confusion and mydriasis. This has implications for management of severely depressed and suicidal patients. © 2010 American College of Medical Toxicology. ER  - 
Human papillomavirus vaccine safety in Australia: Experience to date and issues for surveillance$$$ Australia was one of the first countries to licence a quadrivalent human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine, rapidly followed by a federally funded program of universal vaccination of a broad age group of females through schools (12 to 18 years) and primary care (19 to 26 years). As of August 2009, more than 5.8million doses of Gardasil (quadrivalent; Merck, New Jersey, USA) have been distributed in Australia and a total of 1394 suspected adverse events following immunisation (AEFI) have been reported to the passive surveillance system. Most reports are of common and expected reactions. Case series of more uncommon and serious AEFI, both known to be potentially vaccine related (anaphylaxis, conversion disorders and lipoatrophy) and otherwise (multiple sclerosis and pancreatitis) have been published. © CSIRO 2010. ER  - 
Chemistry and pharmacology of GABAB receptor ligands$$$ This chapter presents new clinical applications of the prototypic GABAB receptor agonist baclofen for the treatment of addiction by drugs of abuse, such as alcohol, cocaine, nicotine, morphine, and heroin, a novel baclofen prodrug Arbaclofen placarbil, the GABAB receptor agonist AZD3355 (Lesogabaran) currently in Phase 2 clinical trials for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease, and four positive allosteric modulators of GABAB receptors (CGP7930, GS39783, NVP-BHF177, and BHFF), which have less propensity for the development of tolerance due to receptor desensitization than classical GABAB receptor agonists. All four compounds showed anxiolytic affects. In the presence of positive allosteric modulators the "classical" GABAB receptor antagonists CGP35348 and 2-hydroxy-saclofen showed properties of partial GABAB receptor agonists. Seven micromolar affinity GABAB receptor antagonists, phaclofen; 2-hydroxy-saclofen; CGP's 35348, 36742, 46381, 51176; and SCH50911, are discussed. CGP36742 (SGS742) showed statistically significant improvements of working memory and attention in a Phase 2 clinical trial in mild, but not in moderate Alzheimer patients. Eight nanomolar affinity GABAB receptor antagonists are presented (CGP's 52432, 54626, 55845, 56433, 56999, 61334, 62349, and 63360) that were used by pharmacologists for numerous in vitro and in vivo investigations. CGP's 36742, 51176, 55845, and 56433 showed antidepressant effects. Several compounds are also available as radioligands, such as [3H]CGP27492, [3H]CGP54626, [3H]CGP5699, and [3H]CGP62349. Three novel fluorescent and three GABAB receptor antagonists with very high specific radioactivity (>2,000Ci/mmol) are presented. [125I]CGP64213 and the photoaffinity ligand [125I]CGP71872 allowed the identification of GABAB1a and GABAB1b receptors in the expression cloning work. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Ion channels as novel therapeutic targets in the treatment of pain$$$ Objectives This review considers ion channels as potential novel therapeutic targets, particularly in the treatment of pain. Key findings Ion channel proteins underlie electrical signalling throughout the body and are important targets for existing therapeutic agents. Nevertheless, ion channels remain a relatively underexploited family of proteins for therapeutic interventions. A number of recent advances in both technology and knowledge suggest that these proteins are promising targets for future therapeutic development. For example, there has been considerable recent improvement in high-throughput screening technologies following the need for pharmaceutical companies to screen against compounds which block human ether-a-go-go-related gene (hERG) potassium channels. Similarly an increased awareness of the importance of ion channels in disease states such as epilepsy, ataxia, cardiac arrhythmia, diabetes and cystic fibrosis has been revealed through studies of genetic mutations in humans and genetic ablation studies in animals. Furthermore, recent advances in the understanding of ion channel structure and how this relates to their function has provided significant new insights into where exactly on the ion channel protein novel therapeutic agents might be developed to target. In the particular area of pain research a number of different ion channel subtypes have been identified (including certain sodium, potassium and transient receptor potential (TRP) channels). Summary It seems likely that new therapies will arise that target ion channels. In the treatment of pain, for example, novel agents targeting TRPV1 channels are already showing considerable therapeutic promise. © 2010 The Author. ER  - 
A decade of infliximab: The Austrian evidence based consensus on the safe use of infliximab in inflammatory bowel disease$$$ Infliximab (IFX) has tremendously enriched the therapy of inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) and other immune mediated diseases. Although the efficacy of IFX was undoubtedly proven during the last decade numerous publications have also caused various safety concerns. To summarize the immense information concerning adverse events and safety issues the Austrian Society of Gastroenterology and Hepatology launched this evidence based consensus on the safe use of IFX which covers the following topics: infusion reactions and immunogenicity, skin reactions, opportunistic infections (including tuberculosis), non-opportunistic infections (bacterial and viral), vaccination, neurological complications, hepatotoxicity, congestive heart failure, haematological side effects, intestinal strictures, stenosis and bowel obstruction (SSO), concomitant medication, malignancy and lymphoma, IFX in the elderly and the young, mortality, fertility, pregnancy and breast feeding. To make the vast amount of information practicable for routine application the consensus was finally condensed into a checklist for a safe use of IFX which consists of two parts: issues to be addressed prior to anti-TNF therapy and issues to be addressed during maintenance. Both parts are further divided into obligatory and facultative items. © 2009 European Crohn's and Colitis Organisation. ER  - 
Review of multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant TB: Global perspectives with a focus on sub-Saharan Africa$$$ Tuberculosis (TB) remains a global emergency and is responsible for 1.7 million deaths annually. Widespread global misuse of isoniazid and rifampicin over three decades has resulted in emergence of the ominous spread of multidrug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) and extensively drug-resistant TB (XDR-TB) globally. These difficult to treat resistant forms of TB are increasingly seen in Asia, Eastern Europe, South America and sub-Saharan Africa, disrupting TB and HIV control programmes. We review the latest available global epidemiological and clinical evidence on drug-resistant TB in HIV-infected and uninfected populations, with focus on Africa where data are scanty because of poor diagnostic and reporting facilities. The difficult management and infection control problems posed by drug-resistant TB in HIV-infected patients are discussed. Given the increasing current global trends in MDR-TB, aggressive preventive and management strategies are urgently required to avoid disruption of global TB control efforts. The data suggest that existing interventions, public health systems and TB and HIV programmes must be strengthened significantly. Political and funder commitment is essential to curb the spread of drug-resistant TB. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Supervised disulfiram as adjunct to psychotherapy in alcoholism treatment$$$ Supervised intake of the alcohol deterrent (AD) disulfiram has proven to be an effective adjunct to biopsychosocial alcoholism therapy for more than 60 years. This article summarizes disulfiram literature between 1937 and 2000 and reviews 13 clinical trials of disulfiram in alcoholism treatment from the years 2000 to 2008. After giving an update of general safety issues and recent case reports concerning safety problems with disulfiram, we focus on the introduction of psychotherapeutic application of supervised disulfiram. The results of our review show: (1) Disulfiram proved to be an effective therapeutic tool in all clinical studies published from 2000 to 2008. (2) Comparisons with other pharmacological agents - naltrexone, acamprosate, topiramate and gamma-hydroxybutyrate - indicate that disulfiram was equal in two trials but superior in the majority of trials. (3) Therapy programs that make use of the psychological effects of supervised disulfiram have - independently of the dose - better results than programs that neglect psychological effects. As a consequence, we suggest that supervised low-dose disulfiram (not more than 100mg/d), will show highest success when it is carefully integrated into psychotherapeutic alcoholism therapy. The major program of psychotherapy with disulfiram comprises the steps "Initial psychoeducation about the effect of disulfiram and its therapeutic implications", "Advanced psychoeducation", and "Disulfiram as coping skill and extension of repertoire of coping skills". As psychological mechanisms of supervised disulfiram we suggest: (1) deterrence; (2) (auto)suggestion; (3) therapeutic ritual around (4) a frequently renewed active decision process; (5) continuous reinforcement of a sober lifestyle and development of new coping skills. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Topiramate in the new generation of drugs: efficacy in the treatment of alcoholic patients$$$ Predicated upon a neuropharmacological conceptual model, there is now solid clinical evidence to support the efficacy of topiramate for the treatment of alcohol dependence. Topiramate treatment can be initiated whilst the alcohol-dependent individual is still drinking - just when crisis intervention is most likely to be needed by a patient with or without his or her family asking the health practitioner for assistance. Because topiramate can be paired with a brief intervention, there is now the exciting possibility of treating most alcohol- dependent individuals in office-based practice or generic treatment settings. Topiramate's additional effects on other impulsedyscontrol disorders make it a particularly interesting compound for the treatment of other comorbid drug or psychiatric disorders. Additionally, future studies should explore whether topiramate can be combined with other putative therapeutic agents to increase its efficacy. One notable clinical challenge in the development of topiramate as a pharmacotherapy to treat alcohol dependence is the determination of the smallest dose that can result in efficacy, thereby achieving the optimum balance between therapeutic benefit and adverse event profile. Animal data do provide support for topiramate's general anti-drinking effects but also indicate that its mechanisms of action might rely on several complex pharmacobehavioral changes. Additional preclinical studies are needed to elucidate more clearly the basic mechanistic processes that underlie topiramate's efficacy as a treatment for alcohol dependence. Preclinical information that topiramate may have differential effects based on genetic vulnerability opens up the possibility of future methods to optimize treatment. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Guidelines on management of low-grade gliomas: Report of an EFNS-EANO Task Force$$$ Background: Diffuse infiltrative low-grade gliomas of the cerebral hemispheres in the adult are a group of tumors with distinct clinical, histological and molecular characteristics, and there are still controversies in management. Methods: The scientific evidence of papers collected from the literature was evaluated and graded according to EFNS guidelines, and recommendations were given accordingly. Results and conclusions: WHO classification recognizes grade II astrocytomas, oligodendrogliomas and oligoastrocytomas. Conventional MRI is used for differential diagnosis, guiding surgery, planning radiotherapy and monitoring treatment response. Advanced imaging techniques can increase the diagnostic accuracy. Younger age, normal neurological examination, oligodendroglial histology and 1p loss are favorable prognostic factors. Prophylactic antiepileptic drugs are not useful, whilst there is no evidence that one drug is better than the others. Totalnear total resection can improve seizure control, progression-free and overall survival, whilst reducing the risk of malignant transformation. Early post-operative radiotherapy improves progression-free but not overall survival. Low doses of radiation are as effective as high doses and better tolerated. Modern radiotherapy techniques reduce the risk of late cognitive deficits. Chemotherapy can be useful both at recurrence after radiotherapy and as initial treatment after surgery to delay the risk of late neurotoxicity from large-field radiotherapy. Neurocognitive deficits are frequent and can be caused by the tumor itself, tumor-related epilepsy, treatments and psychological distress. © 2010 EFNS. ER  - 
Recent advances in histamine H3 receptor antagonists/inverse agonists$$$ Importance of the field: Histamine H3 receptor (H3R) antagonists/inverse agonists can be therapeutically useful in the treatment of various CNS, metabolic syndrome and allergic disorders, and constitute an attractive target in the search for new drugs. However, several drug candidates have been rejected because of unwanted effects. There is, therefore, a strong need to develop new H3R ligands. Areas covered in this review: A review was conducted of recent advances in the search for H3R antagonists/inverse agonists as reflected by patent applications/patents over the last 3 years. What the reader will gain: A total of around 100 patent applications/patents along with selected peer-reviewed publications are surveyed. These involve antagonists/inverse agonists of H3R, which the authors have divided into five groups. The above-mentioned compounds were evaluated for their potential utility in the treatment of narcolepsy, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, epilepsy, Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia, obesity and neuropathic pain. Take home message: Several H3R antagonists/inverse agonists appear to be promising drug candidates, including at least 15 compounds undergoing evaluation in clinical development. Especially interesting is pitolisant, which is progressing through to Phase III clinical trials. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric issues in patients with epilepsy: Focus on depression$$$ Epilepsy is a complex disorder that is commonly associated with additional brain dysfunction, social isolation and vocational difficulty. Each of these factors may contribute to the increased prevalence of psychiatric illness in epilepsy, but emerging evidence is providing a more complete and clearer elucidation of the problem. Clinical investigations have consistently demonstrated that depression has a large impact on subjective health status. In patients with recurrent seizures, depression appears to have a stronger association with quality of life than does seizure rate. In fact, depression is second only to medication toxicity as the clinical factor that explains the greatest variance in quality of life. Only a small number of studies have investigated the plausible neurobiological mechanisms of depression in epilepsy, but preliminary data suggest that underlying brain dysfunction may be a more important predictor than vocational or social disability. Furthermore, specific aspects of hippocampal dysfunction may be a causal factor in the genesis and maintenance of depression in temporal-lobe epilepsy. Current treatment recommendations for depression in epilepsy are similar to those for otherwise neurologically normal depressed patients, emphasizing the role of serotonin reuptake inhibitors, but certain antidepressants should be used with caution. Ongoing studies are attempting to define optimal treatment strategies and more definitive data, to guide clinical management, are expected to become available in the near future. © 2010 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics and active surveillance for serious adverse drug reactions in children$$$ Juxtaposing clinical pharmacology with human genetics, pharmacogenomics utilizes a patients genetic information to identify genetic variants that have the potential to provide clinically relevant predictions of toxicity and efficacy. The goal is to develop personalized and genetic-based predictions of an individuals drug response and likelihood of experiencing an adverse drug reaction. The Canadian Pharmacogenomics Network for Drug Safety (CPNDS) has implemented active adverse drug reaction surveillance to monitor and discover genetic markers related to serious adverse drug reactions in the pediatric population. Evidence-based pharmacogenomics research will inform public policy and influence drug benefit-risk decision-making. Regulatory processes and future challenges in pharmacogenomics research will be discussed. © 2010 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Mask ventilation, hypocapnia, and seizure duration in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Study Objective: To compare the Mapleson D circuit and the bag-valve-mask device for mask ventilation of patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Design: Cross-over study. Setting: Single-center academic medical center. Patients: 18 patients undergoing ECT for major depressive disorder. Interventions: Patients were randomized to undergo mask ventilation by the Mapleson D circuit or the bag-valve-mask device. Measurements: End-tidal CO 2, seizure duration, and airway pressure values were recorded. Main Results: End-tidal CO2 was significantly lower with the bag-valve-mask device. When compared with the bag-valve-mask device, ventilation with the Mapleson circuit resulted in rebreathing of CO2 in nearly all patients, shorter expiratory time, and lower pressure ramp slope. Conclusions: Hypocapnia was not associated with longer seizures, and the user-device interaction might affect device performance. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Coeliac disease - A diagnostic and therapeutic challenge$$$ During the past 20 years the diagnosis of coeliac disease has improved significantly. However, at the same time the true prevalence of the condition has doubled, involving more than 2% of the population in some countries. Due to mild or atypical symptoms, the diagnosis remains a challenge for the health care system. Highly sensitive and specific serum endomysial and transglutaminase-2 antibody tests are helpful in identifying patients for diagnostic endoscopy and small-bowel biopsy. The diagnosis of the disease is still based on the demonstration of gluten-induced small-bowel mucosal villous atrophy with crypt hyperplasia. However, coeliac disease may manifest itself before the development of the overt small-intestinal lesion. Positive endomysial and transglutaminase antibodies in patients with normal small-bowel mucosal villous architecture may indicate early stage coeliac disease. Currently, the only effective treatment for the condition is a life-long strict gluten-free diet. Long-term regular follow-up of patients is recommended in order to maintain good adherence to the diet. © 2010 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin New York. ER  - 
Prescribing patterns of psychotropic drugs in Germany: Results and comments to the Drug Prescription Report 2009$$$ The Drug Prescription Report 2009 again questions the adequacy of the considerable absolute increase of the prescription of modern antidepressants as well as the increasing share of modern antipsychotics. Generic prescription and sales of antidepressants are above average and high for neuroleptics. Prescriptions (DDD) of total antidementia drugs have started to rise for the first time since 15 years while the share of modern antidementia drugs is increasing dramatically but covering, however, only about 27% of those in need. The report ignores the majority of the evidence for acamprosate and thus contributes to the undertreatment where only 5% of those potentially profitting are reached. Methylphenidate is growing continuously but the concentration of prescriptions to a minority of physicians is suspect of inadequacy. The heterogeneity of prescribing patterns within Germany needs more in depth clarification and explanation. ER  - 
Prevalence of adverse events in pediatric intensive care units in the United States$$$ ObjectiveS: Selection of relevant patient safety interventions for the pediatric intensive care (PICU) requires identification of the types and severity of adverse events (AEs) and adverse drug events (ADEs) that occur in this setting. The study's objectives were to: 1) determine the rates of AEs/ADEs, including types, severity, and preventability, in PICU patients; 2) identify population characteristics associated with increased risk of AEs/ADEs; 3) develop and test a PICU specific trigger tool to facilitate identification of AEs/ADEs. Design, Setting, Patients Retrospectiv , cross-sectional, randomized review of 734 patient records who were discharged from 15 U.S. PICUs between September and December 2005. INTERVENTION: A novel PICU-focused trigger tool for AE/ADE detection. MEASUREMENTS AND Results: Sixty-two percent of PICU patients had at least one AE. A total of 1488 AEs, including 256 ADEs, were identified. This translates to a rate of 28.6 AEs and 4.9 ADEs per 100 patient-days. The most common types of AEs were catheter complications, uncontrolled pain, and endotracheal tube malposition. Ten percent of AEs were classified as life-threatening or permanent; 45% were deemed preventable. Higher adjusted rates of AEs were found in surgical patients (p = .02), patients intubated at some point during their PICU stay (p = .002), and patients who died (p < .001). Surgical patients had higher preventable adjusted AE (p = .01) and ADE rates (p = .02). The adjusted cumulative risk of an AE per PICU day was 5.3% and 1.6% for an ADE alone. There was a 4% increase in adjusted ADEs rates for every year increase in age. ConclusionS: AEs and ADEs occur frequently in the PICU setting. These data provide areas of focus for evidence-based prevention strategies to decrease the substantial risk to this vulnerable pediatric population. Copyright © 2010 by the Society of Critical Care Medicine and the World Federation of Pediatric Intensive and Critical Care Societies. ER  - 
Efficiency of venlafaxine in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and anxiety and/or depressive disorders$$$ An open-label, experimental, prospective 5-month follow-up study was performed with 19 patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and anxiety disorder and/or depression who were treated with venlafaxine. The authors held monthly visits and evaluated changes in baseline Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores, Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale scores, and the number of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. HAM-D scores, HAM-A scores, and the number of nonepileptic seizures showed a statistically significant decrease which was maintained over the study period. Based on this study, the authors conclude that venlafaxine may help reduce nonepileptic seizures in patients with additional anxious and/or depressive symptoms. Copyright © 2010 American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc. ER  - 
A controlled study of psychiatric manifestations and electroencephalography findings in chronic kidney disease patients with Sagliker syndrome.$$$ Sagliker syndrome (SS) is a novel syndrome that was described in 2004 in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). The aim of this study was to assess psychiatric evaluations and electroencephalography (EEG) findings of patients with CKD and SS to compare them with patients with CKD having characteristics similar to that of the study group, in terms of age and gender. The study group comprised 13 patients with CKD and SS. The control group included 13 patients with CKD. Psychiatric diseases were diagnosed using the Structure Clinical Interview. Beck Depression Inventory, Beck Anxiety Inventory, Social Comparison Scale, Hopelessness Scale, and Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) were administered to the groups. Moreover, EEG recording for all the patients was performed. According to the results obtained from the Structure Clinical Interview, 69.2% of patients with CKD and SS were diagnosed with a mental disease, as compared with only 3 (23.1%) patients with CKD. There was a significant difference between the study and the control group (P < .001). As compared with the control group, patients with CKD and SS had significantly higher scores on the Beck Depression Inventory, the Beck Anxiety Inventory, and the Hopelessness Scale. However, patients with CKD and SS had significantly lower scores on the Social Comparison Scale. The MMSE scores were not significantly different between the 2 groups. When the 2 groups were evaluated separately, no significant differences were found between the EEG abnormalities and psychiatric diagnosis of both the groups. However, an evaluation of EEG abnormalities in all cases with CKD suggested a statistically significant difference between them. In the EEG recordings, electrical seizures activity was not enrolled in any of the cases. In the present study, psychiatric morbidity for patients with CKD and SS was worse than for patients with only CKD. These results indicate a need to develop an effective psychologic strategy for dealing with psychiatric disorders among patients with CKD and SS. Copyright 2010 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Early and long-term morbidity after total laryngopharyngectomy$$$ To determine the early and long-term morbidity of patients treated with a total laryngopharyngectomy and reconstruction using a jejunum interposition or gastric pull-up procedure. It is a retrospective study; and it is conducted in tertiairy referral center. Sixty-three patients were included in whom 70 reconstructions were performed (51 jejunum interpositions and 19 gastric pull-up procedures) between 1990 and 2007. The studied parameters were success rate of the reconstruction, early and long-term complication rate, and functional outcome including quality of life. Subjective quality of life analysis was determined by two questionnaires: the EORTC Quality of Life Questionnaire (QLQ)-C30 Dutch version 3.0, and the EORTC-Head and Neck (H & N 35). The success rates were 84 and 74%, respectively. The procedures were associated with a high complication rate (63% after jejunum interposition and 89% after gastric pull-up), and a lengthy rehabilitation. Surviving patients were found to have a good long-term quality of life. Complete oral intake was achieved in 97%, and speech rehabilitation in 95%. These procedures are associated with significant morbidity, high complication rates, lengthy rehabilitation, but a good long-term quality of life. © 2010 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Final results of a phase II study of nab-paclitaxel, bevacizumab, and gemcitabine as first-line therapy for patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer$$$ In order to examine the efficacy and safety of nanoparticle albumin-bound paclitaxel (nab-P) in combination with bevacizumab (B) and gemcitabine (G) for the first-line treatment of patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer (MBC). In this single-center, open-label phase II trial, patients with HER2-negative MBC received gemcitabine 1500 mg/m2, nab-paclitaxel 150 mg/m2, and bevacizumab 10 mg/kg (each administered intravenously) on days 1 and 15 of a 28-day cycle. The primary end point was progression free survival (PFS); secondary end points were overall response rate (ORR), complete (CR) and partial (PR) response rates, clinical benefit (ORR + stable disease), overall survival (OS), and safety. Thirty patients were enrolled. One patient was ineligible and was not included in analysis. Median PFS was 10.4 months (95% CI: 5.6-15.2 months). ORR was 75.9%, comprising eight (27.6%) CRs and 14 (48.3%) PRs; five patients had stable disease (SD) and two patients (6.9%) had progressive disease (PD) as their best response. The clinical benefit rate was 93.1% (27/29) in the overall group and 84.6% in the triple-negative cohort (11/13). The 18-month survival rate was 77.2% (95% CI: 51.1-90.5%). Eight (27.6%) patients experienced grade 3 or 4 toxicity: grade 4 neutropenic fever (n = 1) and grade 3 infection (n = 6), leukopenia, thrombocytopenia, peripheral neuropathy, seizure, shortness of breath, hematuria, and cardiac tamponade (one each). First-line therapy with nab-P, B, and G demonstrated a median PFS of 10.4 months and a 75.9% ORR with acceptable toxicity; this novel combination warrants investigation in a randomized study. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Oxazepam versus clomethiazol in alcohol withdrawal treatment$$$ The pharmacological management of the alcohol withdrawal syndrome associated with alcohol dependence is heterogeneous; however, according to the guidelines, clomethiazol is the standard medication in Germany. Benzodiazepines offer another safe possibility of treating alcohol withdrawal. In a retrospective study, alcohol-dependent patients treated either with oxazepam (n = 141) or clomethiazol (n = 357) were assessed with respect to the course of treatment and withdrawal symptoms. The results showed that under oxazepam treatment, there were fewer days with severe alcohol withdrawal symptoms and less severe adverse events, but patients receiving clomethiazol treatment had a more severe course of alcohol dependence. Oxazepam is a safe, efficient and cheap drug for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal symptoms, but controlled studies are needed to compare its effectiveness with that of clomethiazol. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Electrical stimulation in epilepsy: Vagus nerve and brain stimulation$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) for epilepsy is a well established and effective treatment for medically intractable epilepsy. VNS is indicated if resective epilepsy surgery is unsuccessful or is not an option. About 50% of patients with VNS have a seizure reduction greater than 50%, but less than 10% become seizure-free. VNS also has an alerting effect on patients and may allow a reduction in sedating medications. The major adverse event is hoarseness, but treatment is generally well tolerated. The therapeutic effect can be delayed: patients may improve several months after VNS implantation. Direct brain stimulation (DBS) is an emerging treatment for epilepsy. Scheduled stimulation is similar to brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease. Only the anterior thalamic nucleus has been studied in a larger randomized, controlled trial, in which patients with the stimulator turned on had a significantly reduced seizure frequency. Responsive stimulation applies an electrical stimulus at the site of seizure onset to terminate the seizure if one occurs. The seizure-onset zone must be well defined before implantation. Responsive stimulation requires seizure detection and application of a stimulus online. A large pivotal trial showed a significant reduction in seizure frequency. Both DBS and responsive neurostimulation are well tolerated, but there has been some concern about depression with DBS. Infection, hemorrhage, and lead breakage are adverse events possible with any type of stimulator. None of the brain stimulation devices have been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration, but final approval is expected soon. These devices are indicated for patients with bilateral seizure onset or seizure onset in eloquent areas. Although the initial trials of brain stimulation do not show overwhelming improvement in seizure frequency, the technology will improve with time as we continue to learn about the use of brain stimulation for epilepsy. Optimization of VNS has been going on for 10 years, and we need to ensure that brain stimulation is similarly developed further. In addition, sophisticated devices such as responsive neurostimulators can greatly enhance our understanding of the pathophysiology of epilepsy. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010. ER  - 
Clinical outcome and life quality of patients after monophasic encephalitis$$$ Purpose:Acute encephalitis is a rare disease mainly occurring sporadically. Only limited data as to the long-term prognosis, in particular for impact on quality of life, is available. Methods: Patients with a definite or highly probable diagnosis of acute encephalitis were identified through retrospective analysis and invited to undertake a structured interview and to fill in questionnaires regarding their quality of life. People who matched the patients in age, sex, and level of education were used as controls. Results: Seventy-two patients and 57 controls were included. The period between the acute illness and the follow-up amounted to 6 to 93 months. The study showed a favorable outcome with complete or far-reaching functional recovery in most of the patients (83.3%). In cases that progressed in an unfavorable way such that cognitive handicaps were dominant, only 4% were left with extreme physical handicaps. Approximately 22% had postencephalitic epilepsy, which was correlated to a significantly more unfavorable outcome (P < 0.05). Women who have had encephalitis were significantly more depressive than men (P < 0.001) and also noticeably more depressive than female control subjects (P < 0.01). Furthermore, postencephalitic epilepsy was linked with significantly stronger likelihood of depression (P < 0.05). Conclusions: In this study, most patients had a favorable outcome with complete or far-reaching functional recovery. Postencephalitic epilepsy is a risk factor for an unfavorable outcome and a factor that might hinder coping with the sequelae of acute encephalitis in the long term and that has a negative effect on mood. © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Management of sleep disorders in stroke$$$ Scientific studies have proven a very strong association between stroke and obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). The prevalence of OSA is very high in patients with acute stroke, and untreated OSA is a stroke risk factor. In the stroke patient population, symptoms of OSA may atypically appear as isolated insomnia, hypersomnia, a dysfunction of circadian rhythm, a parasomnia, or a sleep-related movement disorder. Thus, we believe that in patients with acute stroke, OSA should be addressed first, using full in-laboratory, attended polysomnography (PSG), before other specific sleep disorders are aggressively addressed with specific therapeutic interventions. When OSA is diagnosed, supportive techniques including the application of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) therapy, positional therapies, or both should be considered first-line treatments. If OSA is ruled out by PSG, the therapeutic emphasis for sleep-related complaints is routinely based on instituting good sleep hygiene practices and using cognitive behavioral techniques (cognitive therapies, sleep restriction, stimulus control, and progressive relaxation therapies) because patients with stroke may be prone to the adverse effects of many of the medications that are otherwise routinely prescribed for a variety of specific sleep disorders. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010. ER  - 
Memory deficits and depression in patients with chronic epilepsy$$$ Objective: In this retrospective study we tested the hypothesis that patients with epilepsy (PWE) with moderate to major depression have more severe memory deficits than PWE with mild depression or none depression. Patients and methods: 139 patients with chronic epilepsy were studied with the Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS) and a neuropsychological-screening battery the day after admission on a specialised ward for PWE. For the study data from the Memo-Test for verbal memory and from the Benton-Test for non-verbal memory were taken into account. For testing the hypothesis of independence of memory deficits and grade of depression we performed a logistic regression analysis. Results: 83 patients had a pathological score in the SDS, but only 36 scored in the range of a moderate to major depression. When all patients with a pathological score in the SDS were taken into account, the patients with depression did not differ on any cognitive measure from those without depression. The only significant association in our study was found between pathological results in immediate verbal recall and a score in the SDS for moderate to major depression (p=0.025). Discussion and conclusion: Minor depressive symptoms may be a response to chronic illness without any impact on cognitive functioning. Nevertheless verbal memory deficit associated with major depression was observed in our study even in the presence of many confounding factors. This may be a hint for an association of severe depressive symptoms with left temporal dysfunction in PWE. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy: Analysis of self rating and physician's assessment$$$ Introduction: Depression has significant negative consequences on the quality of life of patients with epilepsy (PWE). Aim(s): This study assessed the prevalence of depressive symptoms among PWE and the impact of seizure variables on their depression scores. Settings and design: A case-control study of randomly selected patients with epilepsy attending a tertiary hospital in metropolitan Nigeria. Subjects,materials and methods:A total of 152 randomly selected subjects used the Beck's depression inventory (BDI) for quantitative assessment of depression while the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) was used by the authors. The Student t-test assessed statistical significance of differences in the BDI and HRSD scores while the scores were correlated with the Pearson's correlation coefficient. Logistic regression analysis and chi-square for trend assessed the impact of seizure variables on the scores. The level of significance was taken as p<0.05. Results: The prevalence of depressive symptoms was 42.11% and 44.74% using the HRSD and BDI respectively with significant differences in the scores of the patients and controls on both scales (p<0.001). The PWE scores on both scales yielded a correlation coefficient of 0.8 indicating their utility in detecting depressive symptoms. Seizure control was the most potent predictor of depression (HRSD: p=0.004; BDI: p=0.001). Conclusions: Depressive symptoms are common in epilepsy. Early detection and prompt management are recommended. Good seizure control with an appropriate antiepileptic drug, among other interventional measures, may contribute to prevention of depression in epilepsy. ER  - 
Non-convulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) - Our experience$$$ Purpose: To point on difficulties in recognizing the nonconvulsive status epilepticus in elderly patients who exhibited an acute confused state. Method: Retrospective study, including 6,000 outpatients treated in EEG laboratory during three years. Results: There were 18 patients (10 female, 8 male) with NCSE, mean age 50.5 years. 5 patients with epilepsy, 2 of them were de novo cases (EEG was performed 5 days after being directed to EEG laboratory by neurologist), 1 patient with leukaemia (EEG was performed 3 days after being hospitalized), 4 patients with stroke, 2 patients with alcoholism and Wernicke Korsakoff syndrome (EEG was performed 3 weeks later after being directed to EEG laboratory by neurologist), 3 patients with neuroinfections (EEG was performed 2 days later after being directed to EEG laboratory by neurologist), 2 patients with brain tumour and 1 patient with NCSE after cardiopulmonary reanimation. In 10 outpatients ictal symptoms have not been recognized between 2 and 20 days. Working diagnoses in patients younger than 60 years were behavioural disturbances, depression and acute confusion while in older patients it was dementia. Conclusions: NCSE should be suspected in all cases of rapid consciousness alterations and requires EEG changes follow-up, especially because it is potentially reversible. ER  - 
Identifying clinical depression in patients with brain tumors$$$ BACKGROUND: Depression is under-recognized in patients with brain tumors. A standardized psychiatric interview is the “gold standard” method of diagnosing clinical depression. We studied the frequency, course and clinical associations of DSM-IV major depressive disorder (MDD) in adults with glioma. METHODS: This was a prospective, twin-centre, longitudinal cohort study of adults with a new histological diagnosis of primary cerebral glioma. All subjects had a structured clinical interview to diagnose or exclude MDD. Data are presented from the first two time-points: T1 (shortly after starting radiotherapy, or equivalent) and T2 (3 months later). RESULTS: We examined 155 patients at T1 and 108 at T2. Fifty-seven percent patients were male. Mean age was 54 years, 86% had high-grade glioma, 78% received radical radiotherapy, and the median KPS was 90. We diagnosed MDD in 20 patients at T1 (12.9±5.3%) and in 16 cases at T2 (14.8±6.7%). Of the 20 patients with MDD at T1, 2 had recovered by T2; 7 continued to have MDD and 11 dropped out of the study.Nine new patients developedMDDby T2. These changes underlay the overall tendency for the point prevalence of MDD to increase over time (P = .065, McNemar test). We found univariate associations (all Χ2, P < .05) between MDD and functional impairment (KPS ≤70), current steroid use, a family history of depression, male gender, current antiepileptic drug prescription and/or high emotional distress (NCCN distress thermometer score ≥4/10). In multivariate analysis, MDD was independently associated with functional impairment and high emotional distress (logistic regression Χ2, P < .001, R2 = .294). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first longitudinal study of depression in glioma patients using clinical interview. Major depression afflicted nearly 1 in 5 individuals during the study period. MDD persisted at reassessment after 3 months, and new cases occurred over time. Those with MDD were difficult to retain in the longitudinal study. Functional impairment and emotional distress were independent risk factors. Clinicians should screen for depression in patients with glioma who report high distress on the NCCN distress thermometer, or who are functionally impaired (KPS ≤70). They may also consider screening those with epilepsy, who are an easily identifiable group. The lack of association with any tumor-related variables suggests that in glioma, MDD could be more representative of a psychological reaction to loss than a “direct” tumor disruption of neuronal emotional networks. However, more research on this question would be required. ER  - 
Managing fatigue: Clinical correlates, assessment procedures and therapeutic strategies$$$ The majority of patients with Multiple Sclerosis (MS) experience fatigue and for many subjects concerned it is the most disabling symptom. Fatigue is most prominent in the afternoon and may be aggravated by heat. It has a tremendous negative impact on quality of life and is often one of the major reasons for early retirement and unemployment. Against further assumptions, fatigue can occur at all stages and is often present at the onset of the disease. Reliable assessment however, is difficult as it is a subjectively perceived lack of physical and/or mental energy interfering with intended activities and has to be differentiated from depression, consequences of sleep disorders, cognitive decline, and side-effects of medication. Moreover, fatigue is not directly related to overall disease evolution, to disability levels or localized lesions, although an association with dysfunction of fronto-thalamo-basal-ganglia circuits seems likely. Several therapeutic approaches including pharmacological as well as non-pharmacological strategies are available but an evidence-based specific 'gold-standard' for the treatment of fatigue is still missing. ER  - 
Zonisamide discontinuation due to psychiatric and cognitive adverse events: A case-control study$$$ Objectives: Zonisamide (ZNS) is an antiepileptic drug (AED) that has been associated with psychiatric adverse events (PAE) and cognitive adverse events (CAE); controlled studies evaluating these adverse events are limited. Our objectives were to 1) determine the incidence of PAE and CAE leading to the discontinuation of ZNS and 2) identify risk factors for PAE and CAE associated with the discontinuation of ZNS. Methods: All patients exposed to ZNS at MINCEP Epilepsy Care between March 2000 and September 2008 were identified. Reasons for discontinuing ZNS were documented. Separate case-control studies were performed to identify risk factors associated with the discontinuation of ZNS due to PAE or CAE via multivariate binary logistic regression. Results: A total of 544 patients were exposed to ZNS during the study period. PAE and CAE were the most frequently identified reasons for terminating ZNS therapy. The incidence of PAE severe enough to be associated with the discontinuation of ZNS was 6.9%; the incidence of CAE was 5.8%. Factors associated with termination of ZNS therapy due to PAE were past psychiatric history (p = 0.005), symptomatic generalized epilepsy (p = 0.027), and lower maximum ZNS serum concentration (mean = 17.9 mg/L vs 34.7 mg/L, p < 0.001). Independent variables associated with discontinuing ZNS due to CAE were greater number of concomitant AEDs (p = 0.011) and lower maximum ZNS serum concentration (mean = 16.6 mg/L vs 30.6 mg/L, p = 0.002). Conclusions: We have identified clinically relevant risk factors associated with the discontinuation of ZNS. Our findings support the concept that selected patients are relatively more vulnerable to CNS adverse events when exposed to ZNS. © 2010 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Suicide-related events in patients treated with antiepileptic drugs$$$ Background: A previous meta-analysis of data from clinical trials showed an association between antiepileptic drugs and suicidality (suicidal ideation, behavior, or both). We used observational data to examine the association between the use or nonuse of antiepileptic drugs and suicide-related events (attempted suicides and completed suicides) in patients with epilepsy, depression, or bipolar disorder. Methods: We used data collected as part of the clinical care of patients who were representative of the general population in the United Kingdom to identify patients with epilepsy, depression, or bipolar disorder and to determine whether they received antiepileptic drugs. We estimated the incidence rate of suicide-related events and used logistic regression to compute odds ratios, controlling for confounding factors. Results: In a cohort of 5,130,795 patients, the incidence of suicide-related events per 100,000 person-years was 15.0 (95% confidence interval [CI], 14.6 to 15.5) among patients without epilepsy, depression, bipolar disorder, or antiepileptic-drug treatment, 38.2 (95% CI, 26.3 to 53.7) among patients with epilepsy who did not receive antiepileptic drugs, and 48.2 (95% CI, 39.4 to 58.5) among patients with epilepsy who received antiepileptic drugs. In adjusted analyses, the use of antiepileptic drugs was not associated with an increased risk of suicide-related events among patients with epilepsy (odds ratio, 0.59; 95% CI, 0.35 to 0.98) or bipolar disorder (1.13; 95% CI, 0.35 to 3.61) but was significantly associated with an increased risk among patients with depression (1.65; 95% CI, 1.24 to 2.19) and those who did not have epilepsy, depression, or bipolar disorder (2.57; 95% CI, 1.78 to 3.71). Conclusions: The current use of antiepileptic drugs was not associated with an increased risk of suicide-related events among patients with epilepsy, but it was associated with an increased risk of such events among patients with depression and among those who did not have epilepsy, depression, or bipolar disorder. Copyright © 2010 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Fluoxetine for the prophylaxis of poststroke depression in patients with stroke: A meta-analysis$$$ SummaryBackground: Depression may affect patients' recovery and even their survival rate after stroke, but it is often overlooked or inadequately managed; data regarding the prophylactic efficacy and safety of fluoxetine are inconsistent in this setting. Objective: The objective of the study is to systematically assess the prophylactic efficacy and safety of fluoxetine for poststroke depression in patients with stroke. Methods: We searched electronic databases up to December 2009 for studies evaluating the prophylactic efficacy of fluoxetine in patients with stroke. The pooled odds ratio (OR), weighted mean difference (WMD), incremental efficiency and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were calculated. Results: We collected and evaluated a total of 385 patients identified from six trials. Meta-analysis demonstrated that fluoxetine reduced the incidence of poststroke depression (PSD) (OR = 0.25, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.56), helped recovery in neurological function (WMD = -4.72, 95% CI -8.31 to -1.13) and improved independence in activities of daily living (WMD = -8.04, 95% CI -13.40 to -2.68); fluoxetine is relatively safe in spite of the adverse events (OR = 0.88, 95% CI 0.31 to 2.49, p = 0.82). However, fluoxetine groups and control groups did not differ in change of scores for depression (WMD = -3.97, 95% CI -9.85 to 1.90, p = 0.19). Conclusions: Fluoxetine was beneficial for the prophylaxis of poststroke depression in patients with stroke but not in reducing symptom severity of PSD. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Botulinum toxin type A in post-stroke upper limb spasticity$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of one-time injections of botulinum toxin type A (BoNTA) in Japanese patients with post-stroke upper limb spasticity. Research design and methods: In a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, parallel-group, placebo-controlled study, 109 patients with upper limb spasticity were randomised to receive a single treatment with lower-dose (120150 U) or higher-dose (200240 U) BoNTA or placebo into upper limb muscles. Clinical trial registration: NCT00460564 Main outcome measures: The tone of the wrist flexor was assessed at baseline and at weeks 0, 1, 4, 6, 8 and 12 using the Modified Ashworth Scale (MAS) for wrist, finger, thumb and disability in activities of daily living (ADL) was rated using the 4-point Disability Assessment Scale (DAS). The primary endpoint was area under the curve (AUC) of the change from baseline in the MAS wrist score in the higher-dose groups. Results: Subjects were randomised with 51 in the higher BoNTA group, 26 in the higher-dose placebo group, 21 in the lower BoNTA group and 11 in the lower-dose placebo group. Significant improvement in spasticity with higher-dose BoNTA was demonstrated by a mean difference in the AUC of the change from baseline in the MAS wrist score between the higher-dose BoNTA group and the higher-dose placebo group of-6.830 (p<0.001, t-test), no significant different was demonstrated between the lower-dose BoNTA group and the lower-dose placebo group (p0.215, t-test). Significant improvements with higher-dose BoNTA were also observed in the DAS scores for limb position (p0.0010.022) at all time points and dressing (p0.0180.038, Wilcoxon test) at weeks 6, 8 and 12. No clinically relevant difference was noted in the frequency of treatment-related adverse events between BoNTA-treated and placebo-treated patients. The long-term efficacy and safety, and the effects on rehabilitation of BoNTA on upper limb will be evaluated using the data obtained in the open-label phase. Conclusions: Higher-dose BoNTA reduced spasticity in upper limb muscles and improved ADL performance in terms of limb position and dressing. BoNTA is safe and effective in the treatment of post-stroke upper limb spasticity. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted. ER  - 
Suicidality and risk of suicide - Definition, drug safety concerns, and a necessary target for drug development: A brief report$$$ Objective: To address issues concerning potential treatment-emergent "suicidality," a consensus conference was convened March 23-24, 2009. Participants: This gathering of participants from academia, government, and industry brought together experts in suicide prevention, clinical trial design, psychometrics, pharmacoepidemiology, and genetics, as well as research psychiatrists involved in studies in studies of psychiatric disorders associated with elevated suicide risk across the life cycle. The process involved reviews of the relevant literature, and a series of 6 breakout sessions focused on specific questions of interest. Evidence: Each of the participants at the meeting received references relevant to the formal presentations (as well as the slides for the presentations) for their review prior to the meeting. In addition, the assessment instruments of suicidal ideation/behavior were reviewed in relationship to standard measures of validity, reliability, and clinical utility, and these findings were discussed at length in relevant breakout groups, in the final plenary session, and in the preparation of the article. Consensus and dissenting views were noted. Consensus Process: Discussion and questions followed each formal presentation during the plenary sessions. Approximately 6 questions per breakout group were prepared in advance by members of the Steering Committee and each breakout group chair. Consensus in the breakout groups was achieved by nominal group process. Consensus recommendations and any dissent were reviewed for each breakout group at the final plenary session. All plenary sessions were recorded and transcribed by a court stenographer. Following the transcript, with input by each of the authors, the final paper went through 14 drafts. The output of the meeting was organized into this brief report and the accompanying full article from which it is distilled. The full article was developed by the authors with feedback from all participants at the meeting and represents a consensus view. Any areas of disagreement at the conference have been noted in the text. Conclusions: The term suicidality is not as clinically useful as more specific terminology (ideation, behavior, attempts, and suicide). Most participants applauded the FDA's encouragement of standard definitions and definable expectations for investigators and industry sponsors. Further research of available assessment instruments is needed to verify their utility, reliability, and validity in identifying suicide-associated treatment-emergent adverse effects and/or a signal of efficacy in suicide prevention trials. The FDA needs to systematically monitor postmarketing events by encouraging the development of a validated instrument for postmarketing surveillance of suicidal ideation, behavior, and risk. Over time, the FDA, industry, and clinical researchers should evaluate the impact of the requirement that all central nervous system clinical drug trials must include a Columbia Classification Algorithm of Suicide Assessment (C-CASA)-compatible screening instrument for assessing and documenting the occurrence of treatment-emergent suicidal ideation and behavior. Finally, patients at high risk for suicide can safely be included in clinical trials, if proper precautions are followed. © Copyright 2010 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Drug-induced osteoporosis in the older adult$$$ The elderly population is at risk for polypharmacy and, therefore, also at risk for drug-induced osteoporosis (DIOP). Epidemiologic studies provide valuable information about medications that may place patients at risk for DIOP. While glucocorticoids are the most common cause of DIOP, the use of several other therapeutic agents can place patients at risk for significant bone loss and fracture. These medications include, but are not limited to, aromatase inhibitors, gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists, thyroid replacement therapy, antiepileptics, antidepressants, antipsychotics, lithium, gastric acid lowering agents, thiazolidinediones, loop diuretics, heparins and warfarin, vitamin A and cyclosporine. This article provides information about their mechanism of action, studies that have evaluated these agents in DIOP and prevention and treatment strategies. © 2010 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
The pharmacological treatment of bipolar disorder: The question of modern advances$$$ Introduction: Lithium has been the mainstay of treatment for patients with bipolar disorder in the United States since 1970. Major treatment guidelines recommend lithium as a first-line treatment for mania and maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder, yet lithium has fallen out of favor while other agents have grown in popularity. The purpose of this review is to examine the evidence for treatments that were available in 1970 and to determine if the field has made any significant advance in the treatment of mania, bipolar depression, and maintenance. Methods: We conducted a MEDLINE search through 2009, and examined only English-language, randomized/controlled, placebo, or comparison studies. Tolerability as a factor was not considered for this review. Results: Lithium, valproate, benzodiazepines, and antipsychotics have been reported effective for mania-which was essentially the state of the field in 1970. Despite an FDA indication for the use of lamotrigine for depression and depression maintenance, the supporting evidence is conflicting. For bipolar maintenance, the evidence is overwhelming in support of lithium and very thin for valproate and carbamazepine. There is emerging evidence that several atypical antipsychotics may have efficacy in prevention. Discussion: The gold standard for treating bipolar disorder in 1970 was lithium, and the gold standard in 2009 remains lithium. Newer agents may increase our armamentarium to some extent, but it is not clear if they represent a major advance in treatment. They still need to be tested against the gold standard. © 2010 President and Fellows of Harvard College. ER  - 
Relation between clinical presentation and prognosis in chronic subdural hematoma patients$$$ Introduction: Chronic subdural hematoma is considered one of the neurosurgical lesions that has a satisfactory prognosis. The authors describe their experience on clinical presentation and prognosis. Patients and methods: Sixty cases of chronic subdural hematoma were retrospectively analyzed between January 2002 and June 2008. Demographic data, clinical presentation, treatment, complications and prognosis were examined. Results: Ages ranged from 38 to 82 years and the average age was 58 years. There was a predominance of males with a male/female ratio of 2.53:1. Location was unilateral in 49 cases and bilateral in 11 cases. The predisposing factors were: head trauma (30), alcoholism (14), use of oral anticoagulants (6), other causes (6) and unknown (4). Clinical presentations were stroke (16), intracranial hypertension (12), psychiatric disorders (11), pyramidal syndrome (8), seizures (8), extrapyramidal symptoms (4) and subarachnoid hemorrhage (2). Surgical treatment was performed in 58 cases. Chronic alcoholism cases associated with psychiatric presentation had very bad prognoses and were followed by cases of the use of oral anticoagulants associated with intracranial hypertension. The results were excellent in cases of chronic subdural hematoma associated with intracranial hypertension and cases with pyramidal and extrapyramidal clinics. Five patients died (two from surgical complications, two from systemic diseases and one due to a hospital infection). Conclusion: Chronic subdural hematoma appears in several clinical forms and its prognosis is directly related to the cause, clinical presentation and treatment. Copyrigth © Sociedad Iberoamericana de Información Científica (SIIC), 2010. ER  - 
Examining the relationships of depressive symptoms, stigma, social support and regimen-specific support on quality of life in adult patients with epilepsy.$$$ Epilepsy research efforts have primarily focused on medical treatment and physical management of epilepsy; however, to provide comprehensive care, efforts cannot focus solely on physical manifestations of epilepsy. Research findings show that people with epilepsy face many challenges that can negatively affect quality of life (QOL). In this descriptive study, we examined the individual relationships between depressive symptoms, stigma, social support and regimen-specific support and QOL in adults with epilepsy. Study data were obtained from a subset of patients (N = 147) who participated in a longitudinal study of adult patients with epilepsy. Measures of QOL, depressive symptoms, stigma, social support and regimen-specific support were analyzed to answer the research questions. The results of correlational analyses revealed statistically significant negative correlations between depressive symptoms, stigma and sometimes regimen-specific support and QOL and statistically significant positive correlations between social support and QOL. A hierarchical multiple linear regression model revealed that depressive symptoms accounted for the most variance in QOL. Psychosocial variables measured 3 months prior to QOL were entered into a hierarchical multiple linear regression model, revealing that depressive symptoms, stigma and social support can be used to predict QOL at a later time. ER  - 
Management of inappropriate sexual behaviors in dementia: A literature review$$$ Background: This paper reviews published literature on the pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatment of inappropriate sexual behavior in dementia. Methods: A literature search of Psychinfo and Cochrane databases was performed and data from case reports and case series were analyzed. Results: No randomized controlled trials exist for any treatment of sexual disinhibition in dementia and there are no trials comparing different pharmacological agents. Case reports and case series report a wide range of pharmacotherapies as efficacious in the treatment of inappropriate sexual behaviors in dementia. There is only one case report of non-pharmacological strategies to manage inappropriate sexual behavior. Conclusions: Inappropriate sexual behaviors in dementia can be difficult to treat. Frequently, multiple psychoactive medications are used and many pharmacotherapies are trialed prior to finding an effective agent. More research is needed to clarify the usefulness of these medications and to identify non-pharmacological strategies to prevent unnecessary use of medications. Copyright © 2010 International Psychogeriatric Association. ER  - 
Effect of eslicarbazepine acetate and oxcarbazepine on cognition and psychomotor function in healthy volunteers$$$ The results of two single-blind studies conducted to evaluate the cognitive and psychomotor effects of eslicarbazepine acetate and oxcarbazepine following single and repeated administration in healthy volunteers are reported. The cognitive and psychomotor evaluation consisted of several computerized and paper-and-pencil measures. Eslicarbazepine acetate and oxcarbazepine had similar overall cognitive profiles and did not cause clinically relevant cognitive impairment. The incidence of adverse events was lower with eslicarbazepine acetate than with oxcarbazepine. © 2010. ER  - 
Psychosis and epilepsy in young people$$$ The aim of this study was to describe the clinical characteristics of children and young people under 19 with both epilepsy and a psychotic state (schizophrenia-like psychotic episode, organic delusional disorder, or other brief psychotic episode). In total, the clinical case notes for 17 young people with these characteristics were identified retrospectively from three different sources. Compared with a group of young people with psychosis without epilepsy, children with epilepsy and psychosis more frequently had other neuropsychological problems like learning disability and autism. Both groups had a high rate of family histories of mental illness and social disability. Contrary to the findings in adults with psychosis and epilepsy, in this group of young people, psychosis was associated neither with temporal lobe epilepsy nor with mesial temporal sclerosis. The children with psychosis and epilepsy had a variety of seizure types and structural abnormalities. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Evaluation of novel drugs using fMRI in early-phase clinical trials: Safety monitoring$$$ A advances in functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) permit the possibility of helping with dose ranging, as well as potential drug efficacy and side-effect profiles. However there are no current guidelines or standards for fMRI that meet established standards of care. Guidelines must be adopted to be used when patients are exposed to novel drugs, in particular, when immediate access to the patient is limited. When used in initial, MRI mandates certain safety standards because subjects are positioned in the magnet thereby limiting direct observation, communication or immediate access in an emergency; in testing new drugs using fMRI, we suggest that safety guidelines merit discussion and definition. This could lead to the adoption of standards. Some of these issues are unique to the application of the technology in early-phase trials. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Mid-dose baclofen for relapse prevention in alcohol dependence: A case series$$$ Background: The selective GABAB receptor agonist baclofen has been suggested as a new pharmacological treatment option for relapse prevention in alcohol dependence. However, previous randomised controlled trials using low-dose baclofen have shown inconsistent results. Methods: We describe the outcome of three alcohol-dependent patients who achieved alcohol abstinence for at least 7 days and received a mid-dose baclofen treatment with up to 60 mg/d over 4 and 12 weeks, respectively. Results: Mid-dose baclofen treatment demonstrated a high tolerability in all patients analysed. Side effects were mild and occurred in two patients in form of sedation. Two patients maintained alcohol abstinence over 12 weeks, whereas one patient relapsed 4 weeks after treatment beginning and discontinued the medication. No serious medical complications, especially seizures, overdoses or severe interactions with alcohol were observed during the treatment with baclofen. Conclusions: The findings of these case observations suggest that mid-dose baclofen treatment might be safe and effective for relapse prevention in alcohol-dependent patients. Further randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the safety and efficacy of mid- and also high-dose baclofen for the treatment of alcohol dependence. ER  - 
Clinical efficacy of istradefylline (KW-6002) in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, controlled study$$$ The objectives of this study were to evaluate the efficacy of istradefylline at an oral dose of 20 mg or 40 mg once daily for 12 weeks in Parkinson's disease (PD) patients with motor complications on levodopa therapy based on the change in the daily OFF time compared with placebo and to assess the safety at these doses. A total of 363 subjects were randomly assigned to receive 20 mg/day istradefylline (n = 119), 40 mg/day istradefylline (n = 125), or placebo (n = 119). The primary outcome variable was the change from baseline at endpoint in daily OFF time based on patients' ON/OFF diaries. At endpoint, the daily OFF time reduced from baseline by 1.31 hours for 20 mg/day istradefylline (P = 0.013 as compared to the placebo), 1.58 hours for 40 mg/day istradefylline (P < 0.001), and 0.66 hours for placebo; istradefylline significantly reduced the daily OFF time compared with placebo. The UPDRS Part III subscale score (ON state) reduced by 5.7 at endpoint in both istradefylline groups and 3.7 in the placebo group (P = 0.006 for 20 mg/day and P = 0.006 for 40 mg/day group as compared with placebo). The most commonly reported drug-related treatment emergent adverse event (TEAE) was dyskinesia, which occurred in 2.5% (3/119) of subjects receiving placebo, 8.5% (10/118) receiving 20 mg/day istradefylline, and 6.4% (8/125) receiving 40 mg/day istradefylline. We conclude that istradefylline at 20 mg and 40 mg once daily is effective in relieving wearing-off fluctuations of PD patients. In addition, istradefylline was well tolerated at both doses. © 2010 Movement Disorder Society. ER  - 
Immunosuppressive therapies in solid organ transplantation$$$ Background: Organ transplantation is a life saving procedure in patients with end-organ disease. While improvement in surgical techniques made transplantation possible in the 1960s, advances in immunosuppressive therapies have resulted in lower rates of acute cellular rejection and consequently, significant improvements in patient and graft survival after solid organ transplantation. Aim: To discuss all immunosuppressant medications in organ transplantation. These medications are potent, have substantial drug interactions, and have acute and chronic toxicities. Conclusion: Immunosuppressive protocols must be balanced not only to minimize graft rejection, but also to avoid complications related to adverse effects. Further studies are needed to optimize optimal use of these medications in relation with immune tolerance. This article provides a general overview of efficacies and toxicities of current immunosuppressive therapies. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Twenty-one-year course of adult-onset Rasmussen's encephalitis and bilateral uveitis: Case report$$$ We report the longitudinal history of a 48-year-old, right-handed woman with Rasmussen's encephalitis (RE) who presented with seizures and cerebral atrophy confined to the left hemisphere, as well as with bilateral uveitis, during her 21-year disease course. Neurological symptoms included recurrent partial seizures with secondary generalized convulsions, reduced visual acuity of the left eye with optic atrophy, right hemianopsia, right hemiplegia and aphasia. MRI T2-weighted images revealed progressive atrophy and high signal intensity lesions localized in the left cerebral hemisphere. An interictal electroencephalogram showed slowing of background activities to 4-7 c/s and epileptiform discharges in the left hemisphere. Anti-glutamate receptor (GluR) ε2 IgG and IgM antibodies were detected in her serum. Our diagnosis was RE. Intravenous administration of high-dose methylpredonisolone immediately ameliorated her condition. Use of interferon β-1b, as well as immunosuppressants, appeared to reduce seizure frequency, prevented exacerbation of her other central nervous system symptoms and slowed development of brain hemiatrophy. Her case is notable because it was complicated with bilateral uveitis and managed favorably by immunotherapy. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prophylactic continuous administration of landiolol, a novel β1 blocker, blunts hyperdynamic responses during electroconvulsive therapy without altering seizure activity$$$ Objective. In previous reports, it has been shown that many drugs may act against hyperdynamic responses during electro-convulsive therapy (ECT). The aim of this study was to conduct a randomized, placebo-controlled crossover study to investigate the hemodynamic responses and seizure duration during ECT by continuous administration of two doses of landiolol, a novel short-acting β1-adrenergic blocker, including standard and high-dose. Methods. Thirty-two patients undergoing ECT participated in this study. The control treatment was infusion of saline alone. The standard-dose of landiolol, 0.125 mg/kg per min, was infused over a 1-min period as a standard treatment. The high-dose landiolol treatment was 0.25 mg/kg per min, also infused over a 1-min period. After landiolol treatments, patients received landiolol at 0.04 mg/kg per min. Propofol and succinylcholine was then administered, and electrical stimulation was applied. Results. Both peak heart rate and mean arterial pressure after ECT was lowest with high-dose landiolol treatment. Motor and EEG seizure duration did not differ among the treatments. Conclusion. The results of this study show that high-dose landiolol treatment blunts hyperdynamic responses during ECT. Furthermore, landiolol does not reduce the seizure duration. © Informa UK Ltd. 2010. ER  - 
Herbals and natural dietary supplements in psychiatric practice$$$ There is some evidence that links the increase of mental disorders prevalence with a deterioration of Western countries nutritional habits and it is found that the use of herbal and "natural" food supplements to treat different disorders is increasing. With factors such as chronic illness, poor health, emotional distress, and quality of life influencing the desire for complementary medicine, patients with comorbid medical and psychiatric problems seem likely to turn to this approach. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapies for Adolescent Substance Use Disorders$$$ There is a paucity of research on pharmacotherapies in adolescents with substance use disorders. This paucity is partly because of the fact that most people with substance dependence do not get diagnosed until early adulthood, that is, after 18 years of age. This article reviews pharmacotherapies used for aversion, substitution, anti-craving, and detoxification of alcohol, nicotine, cocaine, and opioids dependence. Adult research is referenced when applicable and generalized to adolescents with caution. Continued evaluation and development of pharmacotherapy for youth in controlled studies are needed to examine medication effectiveness, safety, potential for abuse, compliance, and potential interactions with other medications or substances of abuse. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidity and suicidal behavior in epilepsy: A community-based case-control study$$$ Purpose: To provide information about psychiatric comorbidity and suicidal behavior in people with epilepsy compared to those without epilepsy from a community sample in Brazil. Methods: An attempt was made to evaluate all 174 subjects with epilepsy (cases) identified in a previous survey. For every case identified, an individual without epilepsy (control) matched by sex and age was selected in the same neighborhood. A structured interview with validated psychiatric scales was performed. One hundred and fifty-three cases and 154 controls were enrolled in the study. Results: People with epilepsy had anxiety more frequently [39.4% vs. 23.8%, odds ratio (OR) 2.1, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.2-3.5; p = 0.006], depression (24.4% vs. 14.7%, OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.01-3.5; p = 0.04), and anger (55.6% vs. 39.7%, OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.2-3.1; p = 0.008). They also reported more suicidal thoughts [36.7% vs. 23.8%, OR 1.8, 95% CI 1.1-3.1; p = 0.02), plans (18.2% vs. 3.3%, OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.0-4.0; p = 0.04), and attempts (12.1% vs. 5.3%, OR 2.4, 95% CI 1.1-3.2, p = 0.04) during life than controls. Conclusions: These findings call attention to psychiatric comorbidity and suicidal behavior associated with epilepsy. Suicide risk assessment, mental evaluation, and treatment may improve quality of life in epilepsy and ultimately prevent suicide. © 2009 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Profiles of psychosocial outcome after epilepsy surgery: The role of personality$$$ Purpose: Wehave previously found that the developmental time frame of epilepsy onset influences adult personality traits and subsequent adjustment to intractable seizures. In the same cohort of patients we now investigate the influence of these factors on psychosocial outcome after surgical treatment. Methods: Fifty-seven adult patients with focal epilepsy were prospectively assessed before and after surgery. Measures of psychosocial outcome included mood, health-related quality of life (HRQOL), and psychosocial adjustment, collected longitudinally at 1-, 3-, and 12-months after surgery. Results: Patients with high neuroticism and low extraversion were predisposed to greater depression after surgery. More than 70% of patients with high neuroticism also reported disrupted family dynamics and difficulties adjusting to seizure freedom. The latter was associated with changes in self-identity that increased over time. Patients with epilepsy onset before or during the self-defining period of adolescence reported the greatest perceived self-change after surgery that had positive effects for HRQOL. Discussion: Psychosocial outcome after epilepsy surgery appears intrinsically linked to a change in self and a transition from chronically sick to well. The development of personality traits and self-identity in the context of habitual seizures can impact psychosocial outcome and the extent of self-change reported after surgery, and paradoxically, can concur more beneficial effects. © 2009 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Interictal dysphoric disorder and periictal dysphoric symptoms in patients with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: The issue of phenomenology of mood disorders in epilepsy still remains controversial. It has been suggested that a subgroup of patients may develop an affective syndrome also known as interictal dysphoric disorder (IDD). However, the number of behavioral changes that may occur around the ictus needs to be taken into account for an accurate distinction between "true" psychiatric phenomenology and periictal phenomena. This study aimed at identifying clinical correlates of the IDD, with special attention to the relationship between symptoms and seizures. Methods: A sample of 142 consecutive adult outpatients with epilepsy were assessed using the Interictal Dysphoric Disorder Inventory (IDDI), a 38-item, self-report questionnaire specifically developed to evaluate presence and severity of IDD symptoms as well as their habitual association with seizures (coded as before, after, during, or when seizure-free) and their duration. Results: IDD was diagnosed in 31 subjects but symptoms showed a clear-cut relationship with epileptic seizures in 54.8% of cases, leading to an operative distinction between true IDD and periictal dysphoric symptoms (PDS). There was no significant difference among patients with IDD, PDS, or those without psychopathology. In the IDD group, symptoms were chronic and unremitting in one-third of cases, with labile affective symptoms being correlated with age at onset of seizures (rho = )0.612, p = 0.020) and duration of the epilepsy (rho = 0.833, p < 0.001). Discussion: An operative distinction between IDD and PDS bears the opportunity to identify different clinical endophenotypes that may have different prognoses and require different treatment strategies. © 2010 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Anxiety disorders, subsyndromic depressive episodes, and major depressive episodes: Do they differ on their impact on the quality of life of patients with epilepsy?$$$ Aims of the study: To compare the impact of anxiety disorders, major depressive episodes (MDEs), and subsyndromic depressive episodes (SSDEs) on the quality of life of patients with epilepsy (PWEs), and to identify the variables predictive of poor quality of life. Methods: Apsychiatric diagnosis according to DSM-IV-TR criteria was established in 188 consecutive PWEs with the MINI International Neuropsychiatric Interview. Patients also completed the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II), the Centers for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression (CES-D), and the Quality of Life in Epilepsy-89 (QOLIE-89). A diagnosis of SSDE was made in any patient with total scores of the BDI-II >12 or CES-D >16 in the absence of any DSM-IV diagnosis of mood disorder according to the MINI. Results: Patients with SSDEs (n = 26) had a worse quality of life than asymptomatic patients (n = 103). This finding was also observed among patients with MDEs only (n = 10), anxiety disorders only (n = 21), or mixed MDEs/anxiety disorders (n = 28). Furthermore, having mixed SSDEs/anxiety disorders yielded a worse quality of life than having only SSDEs. Independent predictors of poor quality of life included having a psychiatric disorder and persistent epileptic seizures in the last 6 months. Conclusions: Although isolated mood and anxiety disorders, including SSDE, have a comparable negative impact on the quality of life of PWEs; the comorbid occurrence of mood and anxiety disorders yields a worse impact. In addition, seizure freedom in the previous 6 months predicts a better quality of life. © 2010 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Alcohol consumption, unprovoked seizures, and epilepsy: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this research was to analyze and quantify the association between alcohol consumption and epilepsy as an independent disease, in part operationalized by the occurrence of unprovoked seizures, as well as to examine causality. Methods: Systematic review, meta-analysis. Results: A strong and consistent association between alcohol consumption and epilepsy/unprovoked seizures was found with an overall relative risk (RR) of 2.19 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.83-2.63]. There was a dose-response relationship between the amount of alcohol consumed daily and the probability of the onset of epilepsy. Individuals consuming an average of four, six, and eight drinks daily had RRs of 1.81 (95% CI 1.59-2.07), 2.44 (95% CI 2.00-2.97), and 3.27 (95% CI 2.52-4.26), respectively, compared to nondrinkers. Several pathogenic mechanisms for the development of epilepsy in alcohol users were identified. Most of the relevant studies found that a high percentage of alcohol users with epilepsy would qualify for the criteria of alcohol dependence. Data were inconclusive regarding a threshold for the effect of alcohol, but most studies suggest that the effect may only hold for heavy drinking (four and more drinks daily). Discussion: The relationship between alcohol consumption and epilepsy and unprovoked seizures was quantified and several pathogenic mechanisms were suggested, although none of them has been proven to be the unique causative pathway for epilepsy. Certain limitations underlying this study require further research to clarify the outstanding statistical issues and pathogenesis of epilepsy in heavy drinkers. ©2010 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Prevalence of epileptiform discharges in healthy children - New data from a prospective study using digital EEG$$$ Purpose: Data on epileptiform electroencephalography (EEG) discharges in healthy children are limited, with published studies dating back more than 20 years. Moreover, analyses have been performed exclusively using paper-recorded EEG, and reported prevalences differ significantly. With recent reports using these data as reference suggesting an increased prevalence of epileptiform EEG discharges in children with behavioral disturbances, acquisition of exact prevalence data has become even more critical. The aim of our study was to analyze the frequency of epileptiform EEG discharges in healthy children using digitally recorded EEG (DEEG) and to compare these data to those of previously published studies. Methods: Prospective analysis of DEEG was performed in 382 healthy children (226 male, 156 female) ages 6-13 years admitted to our hospital for minor head trauma. Recording was carried out for a minimum of 20 min including hyperventilation and photic stimulation. Analysis was carried out by two board-certified clinical neurophysiologists. Results: Epileptiform EEG discharges were detected in 25 of 382 children (11 of 226 male, 14 of 156 female) corresponding to an overall prevalence of 6.5%. Of these 25 children, 4 had either generalized or bifrontal spikes, 12 showed constant localized focal discharges, and 9 showed multifocal discharges. Compared to previous studies using non-DEEG recording, the prevalence of epileptiform EEG discharges in our population was significantly higher. No significant difference was found when comparing our data to prevalences recently reported in children with behavioral disturbances using DEEG. Conclusions: Our study further highlights the urgent need to reevaluate the prevalence of epileptiform EEG discharges in healthy children using DEEG recordings in a large cohort. ©2009 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
AMPA receptor synaptic plasticity induced by psychostimulants: the past, present, and therapeutic future$$$ Experience-dependent plasticity at excitatory synapses of the mesocorticolimbic system is a fundamental brain mechanism that enables adaptation to an ever-changing environment. These synaptic responses are critical for the planning and execution of adaptive behaviors that maximize survival. The mesocorticolimbic system mediates procurement of positive reinforcers such as food and sex; however, drugs of abuse resculpt this crucial circuitry to promote compulsive drug-seeking behavior. This review will discuss the long-term changes in glutamatergic neurotransmission that occur within the mesolimbic system following cocaine exposure. In addition, we will examine how these long-lasting neuroadaptations may drive the pathology of psychostimulant addiction. Finally, we review clinical trials that highlight antagonists at excitatory AMPA receptors as promising targets against cocaine abuse. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Biological and environmental correlates of aggressive behavior$$$ Aggressive behavior is influenced by the interplay of multiple genes that operate on brain biochemical pathways, neurotransmitters, and hormones, producing a certain psychological predisposition that, in contact with environmental risks within or outside the family, is conducive to antisocial aggressive behavior. This brief review of the scientific research shows that such behavior is the result of these predisposing, but not causal, factors. The importance of the individual's unique decisional capacity in such behavior is a question that requires further research. © Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. ER  - 
Ethics in clinical research: Should guidelines be universally replaced by laws$$$ Ethics defines right and wrong behaviour in a civil society and comes from within. It is different from law which regulates the external behaviour. Clinical research is research involving human beings and is a multi-million dollar industry today. It is regulated by international guidelines on the conduct of clinical trials called ICH GCP guidelines, which direct that clinical trials on human subjects should be performed in an ethical manner. However, guidelines are only advisory in most cases and are yet to have the force of law in many countries. This is particularly relevant due to the alarming rise of ethical violations by pharmaceutical companies and research organizations wherein the safety and rights of clinical trial participants are jeopardized in their pursuit of commercial and scientific gains. Stronger regulatory framework, registration of trials and ethics committees, and above all, stronger enforcement of laws in such cases are the need of the hour. ER  - 
Consensus guidelines for the management of inflammatory bowel disease$$$ This is the first Brazilian Consensus on inflammatory bowel disease, carried out by the Brazilian Study Group of Inflammatory Bowel Disease, and discusses the treatment of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis in acute and remission phases. The first part of the text, brings out a review on the main drugs used in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease, as well as their mechanisms of action and cautions during their use. In the second part, the committee's opinions about the most recommended medical and surgical approaches for both diseases are presented on the basis of disease activity, location and behaviour status. The recommendations here presented were widely discussed in several scientific meetings with active participation of all members of the group and were highly based on scientific evidence covered by the literature. ER  - 
Effectiveness of thiopentone, propofol and midazolam as an ideal intravenous anaesthetic agent for modififi ed electroconvulsive therapy: A comparative study$$$ Modifi ed electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and most effective treatment modality for major depressive disorders with suicidal tendencies. For this, one must have an ideal intravenous anaesthetic agent for induction which provides rapid onset, short duration of action, attenuates adverse physiological effect of ECT, rapid recovery without adverse shortening of seizure duration and minimum rise in serum potassium. The studies in search of an ideal intravenous anaesthetic agent are limited. Aim is to compare the effect of iv thiopentone, propofol and midazolam on induction time and quality, haemodynamics, Seizure duration, recovery time and changes in serum potassium level. 90 patients of ASA I and II of either sex having major depressive illness were randomly allocated into three groups (n = 30) based on iv induction agent used. Group I, Group II and Group III patients were induced with iv thiopentone 5 mg/kg, propofol 2 mg/kg and midazolam 0.2 mg/kg, respectively. The induction time, quality of induction, haemodynamic changes, seizure duration, recovery time and change in serum potassium level were measured and analyzed by Z test. Induction was quicker in propofol group i.e., 41.03 ± 6.11 sec than in thiopentone (50.6 ± 6.32 sec) and midazolam group (77.30 ± 6.67 sec). Seizure duration was signifi cantly shorter in midazolam group compared to propofol and thiopentone groups. Though signifi cant rise in HR, SBP DBP was observed in all the three groups following ECT, but rise was signifi cantly higher in thiopentone group compared to other two groups. Signifi cantly, faster recovery was observed with propofol. Rise in serum potassium after ECT was not signifi cant in any of the groups. Propofol is a safe and suitable intravenous anaesthetic agent for induction of anaesthesia for modifi ed ECT. ER  - 
Psychological treatment of depressive symptoms in patients with medical disorders: A meta-analysis$$$ Objective: It is widely acknowledged that the prevalence of depression in the general population is high, but that it is even higher for patients with medical disorders. Yet, the effectiveness of psychological treatments in these patient populations has not been firmly established. Methods: We conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies examining the effects of psychological treatments in patients with 1 of 10 different medical disorders and elevated levels of depression. Extensive searches were performed in PubMed, PsycINFO, Embase, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials. Results: We included 23 studies. The overall effect size of the 15 studies that compared psychological treatments with a waitlist or care-as-usual control group was d=1.00 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.57-1.44] but declined to d=0.42 (95% CI, 0.27-0.58) after removing two outliers with extremely high effects. We tested the type of disorder, inclusion based on diagnostic criteria or symptoms, type of treatment, treatment format, type of control group, and intention-to-treat or completers analyses, but none of these variables were significantly associated with the effect. The four studies that compared one type of psychotherapy to another showed a positive effect of cognitive behavioral therapy and interpersonal therapy compared to supportive therapy (d=0.42; 95% CI, 0.14-0.69). There were not enough studies (n=3) to draw any conclusions about the comparison of psychotherapy to pharmacotherapy. Conclusion: We conclude that the effects of psychological treatment of patients with medical disorders are very similar to those found in otherwise healthy patients. Treating this comorbid depression should be one of the priorities in medical care settings. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Safety and effectiveness of interferon alpha-2a in treatment of patients with behet's uveitis refractory to conventional treatments$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the intermediate-term safety and effectiveness of interferon alpha-2a (IFNα2a) in patients with Behçets uveitis (BU) refractory to corticosteroids and immunosuppressive agents. Design: Open, nonrandomized, uncontrolled, interventional, prospective study. Participants: Fifty-three patients (106 eyes) with active, vision-threatening BU who failed to respond to conventional treatments. Intervention: In 53 patients, acute inflammation was suppressed with effective prednisolone dosage (12 mg/kg/day, tapered to 10 mg within 46 weeks). The patients were treated with IFNα2a 4.5 million international units (MIU) 3 times per week for the first 3 months followed by IFNα2a 3 MIU 3 times per week for the next 3 months. Observation or other treatment methods were performed according to the decision tree developed for this study. Main Outcome Measures: Remission and complete response (primary outcome measures), frequency of uveitis attacks, visual acuity (VA), and adverse effects (secondary outcome measures). Results: During 2 years of follow-up (median 65 months, range 12130 months), compliance with the therapy was excellent. At the end of 1-year follow-up, treatment response was obtained in 45 of 53 patients (84.9%). The mean attack rate of 3.6±1.1 per year (range, 28) decreased to 0.56±0.75 (range, 04) per year (P=0.001). Visual acuity improved (≥0.2 logarithm of the minimum angle of resolution units from initial VA) in 30 eyes (28.3%) and worsened in 12 eyes (11.3%). Five patients (9.4%) did not respond to the initial treatment, and 3 patients (5.6%) developed severe adverse effects, including psoriasis, epileptic seizure, and extreme tiredness. Fifteen patients (28.3%) were off treatment for all the medications and disease free for 28±13.1 months (range, 1250 months). Conclusions: These results suggest that IFNα2a may be a valuable treatment option in BU that is refractory to corticosteroids and conventional immunosuppressive agents. The possible role of IFNα2a as a first-line agent in BU should be validated in randomized controlled clinical trials against newly described biologic agents. © 2010 by the American Academy of Ophthalmology. ER  - 
Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy$$$ Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) is a significant cause of death for people with epilepsy. Recent research suggests that multiple factors may contribute and that both cardiac and respiratory mechanisms are involved. Both human and animal data suggest that specific genetic factors might play a role in some cases. Recent animal data suggest that serotonin might affect respiratory mechanisms and may be involved. Both cardiac and respiratory abnormalities are more likely with generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Uncontrolled epilepsy, particularly with generalized tonic-clonic seizures, appears to be the most highly associated modifiable risk factor for SUDEP. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010. ER  - 
Suicidality in epilepsy and possible effects of antiepileptic drugs$$$ Suicide is an important cause of premature death, and people with epilepsy are thought to be at increased risk for suicide. Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) continue to be the mainstay of epilepsy treatment, but the benefits of seizure control must be balanced with their psychotropic potential.In recent years, suicidality has been recognized as a complication of several groups of drugs and, most recently, AEDs were implicated in an alert by the US Food and Drug Administration. The risk of suicidal ideation and behavior as side effects of AED treatment is low, and in people with epilepsy, such a risk must be balanced against the risk of not treating the seizures. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010. ER  - 
New antiepileptic drugs: Lacosamide, rufinamide, and vigabatrin$$$ The treatment of epilepsy is complicated by the multiple seizure types and epilepsy syndromes needing therapy. In addition, seizures in up to 30% of epilepsy patients are resistant to available medications. The three newest antiepileptic medications (lacosamide, rufinamide, and vigabatrin) all putatively have novel mechanisms of action, which might increase the chance of treatment success in patients failing previous antiepilepsy drug trials and the chance of successful synergy with currently available medications. In our experience, all three drugs generally are well tolerated, although the risk for serious long-term complications with vigabatrin presents special challenges and precautions. Lacosamide is approved for the adjunctive therapy of complex partial seizures in adults and also is available in an intravenous formulation. Rufinamide is a new treatment option for seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, and although it is not FDA approved for partial seizures, it has shown efficacy for that indication as well. Vigabatrin has been approved in adults for drug-resistant complex partial seizures and in infants as a treatment option for infantile spasms. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010. ER  - 
Neurobiology of food addiction$$$ Purpose of review: To review recent work on disorders related to food use, including food addiction, and to highlight the similarities and differences between food and drugs of abuse. RECENT FINDINGS: Recent work on food use disorders has demonstrated that the same neurobiological pathways that are implicated in drug abuse also modulate food consumption, and that the body's regulation of food intake involves a complex set of peripheral and central signaling networks. Moreover, new research indicates that rats can become addicted to certain foods, that men and women may respond differently to external food cues, and that the intrauterine environment may significantly impact a child's subsequent risk of developing obesity, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia. Summary: First, work presented in this review strongly supports the notion that food addiction is a real phenomenon. Second, although food and drugs of abuse act on the same central networks, food consumption is also regulated by peripheral signaling systems, which adds to the complexity of understanding how the body regulates eating, and of treating pathological eating habits. Third, neurobiological research reviewed here indicates that traditional pharmacological and behavioral interventions for other substance-use disorders may prove useful in treating obesity. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Treatment of early-onset schizophrenia$$$ Purpose of review: Treatment of children who develop schizophrenia in childhood and early adolescence presents unique considerations. There has been increasing attention to the importance of early intervention and whether treatment effects may be affected by brain development. Recent findings: Several recent trials support the use of antipsychotics for treatment of schizophrenia in children and adolescents. Clozapine shows greater efficacy in children and adolescents than it has in adults. A large-scale trial comparing a first-generation antipsychotic (molindone) with newer agents did not find significant differences in treatment response, although the newer antipsychotics were associated with more severe weight gain. Data regarding effects of antipsychotics on brain development in children and young adolescents with schizophrenia are sparse, although one report found no difference between effects of clozapine and olanzapine on cortical thickness. Summary: Although psychosocial interventions are an important adjunctive treatment, antipsychotic medications continue to be the mainstay of treatment. Careful monitoring of metabolic side effects and age-appropriate intervention is particularly important, as children and adolescents appear to be more likely to develop metabolic abnormalities such as pronounced weight gain, which may significantly impact adherence as well as lead to other health issues. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Fibromyalgia syndrome: A discussion of the syndrome and pharmacotherapy$$$ Fibromyalgia is a complex condition that is characterized by chronic widespread pain and multiple other symptoms, including fatigue, sleep disturbances, cognitive dysfunction, stiffness, and depressive episodes. Fibromyalgia may coexist and/or overlap with other conditions that may involve central sensitivity, including chronic fatigue syndrome, irritable bowel syndrome, irritable bladder syndrome or interstitial cystitis, and temporomandibular disorder. The pathophysiology of fibromyalgia remains uncertain but is believed to be partly the result of central systems affecting afferent processing as well as impaired endogenous pain-inhibitory systems. Abnormal central nociceptive processing may contribute to fibromyalgia, producing heightened responses to various noxious stimuli with resulting mechanical hyperalgesia. Fibromyalgia remains a clinical diagnosis. There has been a recent paradigm shift away from requiring 11 or more out of 18 tender points and instead focusing on the presence of chronic widespread pain as well as symptoms of fatigue, unrefreshed sleep, and other somatic complaints. Although there is no known cure for fibromyalgia, multidisciplinary team efforts using combined treatment approaches, including patient education, aerobic exercise, cognitive behavioral therapy, and pharmacologic therapies (serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors [eg, duloxetine, milnacipran] and alpha 2-delta receptor ligands [eg, pregabalin]) may improve symptoms as well as function of patients with fibromyalgia. © 2010 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Clinical uses of melatonin: Evaluation of human trials$$$ During the last 20 years, numerous clinical trials have examined the therapeutic usefulness of melatonin in different fields of medicine. The objective of this article is to review, in depth, the science regarding clinical trials performed to date. The efficacy of melatonin has been assessed as a treatment of ocular diseases, blood diseases, gastrointestinal tract diseases, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, infectious diseases, neurological diseases, sleep disturbances, aging and depression. Melatonin has been also used as a complementary treatment in anaesthesia, hemodialysis, in vitro fertilization and neonatal care. The conclusion of the current review is that the use of melatonin as an adjuvant therapy seems to be well founded for macular degeneration, glaucoma, protection of the gastric mucosa, irritable bowel syndrome, arterial hypertension, diabetes, side effects of chemotherapy and radiation in cancer patients or hemodialysis in patients with renal insufficiency and, especially, for sleep disorders of circadian etiology (jet lag, delayed sleep phase syndrome, sleep deterioration associated with aging, etc.) as well as in those related with neurological degenerative diseases (Alzheimer, etc.,) or Smith-Magenis syndrome. The utility of melatonin in anesthetic procedures has been also confirmed. More clinical studies are required to clarify whether, as the preliminary data suggest, melatonin is useful for treatment of fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, infectious diseases, neoplasias or neonatal care. Preliminary data regarding the utility of melatonin in the treatment of ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, rheumatoid arthritis are either ambiguous or negative. Although in a few cases melatonin seems to aggravate some conditions, the vast majority of studies document the very low toxicity of melatonin over a wide range of doses. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Treating comorbid substance use disorders in schizophrenia$$$ Aim: To review the literature on pharmacological and psychosocial treatment approaches for people with schizophrenia and comorbid substance use disorder(s) (SUD). Method: Selective literature review. Results: Despite the high prevalence of comorbid SUD among people with schizophrenia, there is a considerable paucity of rigorously conducted randomized controlled treatment trials. While there is some evidence for clozapine, and for the adjunctive use of agents such as naltrexone for comorbid alcohol dependence, the available literature largely comprises case studies, case series, open label studies and retrospective surveys. In terms of psychosocial approaches, there is reasonable consensus that integrated approaches are most appropriate. Regarding specific aspects of care, motivational interviewing, cognitive behavioural therapy and contingency management have an emerging supportive literature, as do family interventions. However, there is no 'one size fits all', and a flexible approach with the ability to apply specific components of care to particular individuals, is required. Group-based therapies and longer-term residential services have an important role for some patients, but further research is required to delineate more clearly which patients will benefit from these strategies. Conclusions: While there is growing (albeit limited) evidence that integrated and well articulated interventions that encompass pharmacological and psychosocial parameters can be beneficial for people with schizophrenia and comorbid SUD, there remains a considerable gap in the literature available to inform evidence-based practice. © 2010 Institute of Psychiatry. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents: Recent progress$$$ Child and adolescent bipolar disorder (BPD) is a serious psychiatric disorder that often causes significant impairment in functioning. Pharmacological intervention is the cornerstone of treatment for bipolar youth, although psychotherapeutic interventions may be beneficial as adjunctive treatment. Medications used for the treatment of BPD in adults are still commonly used for bipolar children and adolescents. With the recent US FDA indication of risperidone, aripiprazole, quetiapine and olanzapine for the treatment of bipolar youth, the atypical antipsychotics are rapidly becoming a first-line treatment option. However, these agents are associated with adverse effects such as increased appetite, weight gain and type II diabetes mellitus. Although several evidence-based medications are now available for the treatment of BPD in younger populations, additional studies to evaluate the short-and long-term efficacy and potential for adverse events of these and other medications are needed. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A pilot RCT$$$ Objective: To compare cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) and standard medical care (SMC) as treatments for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: Our randomized controlled trial (RCT) compared CBT with SMC in an outpatient neuropsychiatric setting. Sixty-six PNES patients were randomized to either CBT (plus SMC) or SMC alone, scheduled to occur over 4 months. PNES diagnosis was established by video-EEG telemetry for most patients. Exclusion criteria included comorbid history of epilepsy, <2 PNES/month, and IQ <70. The primary outcome was seizure frequency at end of treatment and at 6-month follow-up. Secondary outcomes included 3 months of seizure freedom at 6-month follow-up, measures of psychosocial functioning, health service use, and employment. Results: In an intention-to-treat analysis, seizure reduction following CBT was superior at treatment end (group × time interaction p < 0.0001; large to medium effect sizes). At follow-up, the CBT group tended to be more likely to have experienced 3 months of seizure freedom (odds ratio 3.125, p = 0.086). Both groups improved in some health service use measures and on the Work and Social Adjustment Scale. Mood and employment status showed no change. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that cognitive-behavioral therapy is more effective than standard medical care alone in reducing seizure frequency in PNES patients. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class III evidence that CBT in addition to SMC, as compared to SMC alone, significantly reduces seizure frequency in patients with PNES (change in median monthly seizure frequency: baseline to 6 months follow-up, CBT group, 12 to 1.5; SMC alone group, 8 to 5). Copyright © 2010 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Management of migraine headache in the emergency department$$$ Headache is one of the more common reasons for adults to visit an emergency department. Most of these visits are for primary headache disorders, most commonly migraine headache. The authors discuss management options for patients presenting to the emergency department with prolonged, severe, or refractory migraine headaches. Particular attention is given to parenteral treatments and protocols that would not be options as an outpatient. The epidemiology, investigation, and outpatient management of migraine headache are discussed in other articles in this issue. © 2010 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. ER  - 
Post-injection delirium/sedation syndrome in patients with schizophrenia treated with olanzapine long-acting injection, I: analysis of cases$$$ Background: An advance in the treatment of schizophrenia is the development of long-acting intramuscular formulations of antipsychotics, such as olanzapine long-acting injection (LAI). During clinical trials, a post-injection syndrome characterized by signs of delirium and/or excessive sedation was identified in a small percentage of patients following injection with olanzapine LAI.Methods: Safety data from all completed and ongoing trials of olanzapine LAI were reviewed for possible cases of this post-injection syndrome. Descriptive analyses were conducted to characterize incidence, clinical presentation, and outcome. Regression analyses were conducted to assess possible risk factors.Results: Based on approximately 45,000 olanzapine LAI injections given to 2054 patients in clinical trials through 14 October 2008, post-injection delirium/sedation syndrome occurred in approximately 0.07% of injections or 1.4% of patients (30 cases in 29 patients). Symptomatology was consistent with olanzapine overdose (e.g., sedation, confusion, slurred speech, altered gait, or unconsciousness). However, no clinically significant decreases in vital signs were observed. Symptom onset ranged from immediate to 3 to 5 hours post injection, with a median onset time of 25 minutes post injection. All patients recovered within 1.5 to 72 hours, and the majority continued to receive further olanzapine LAI injections following the event. No clear risk factors were identified.Conclusions: Post-injection delirium/sedation syndrome can be readily identified based on symptom presentation, progression, and temporal relationship to the injection, and is consistent with olanzapine overdose following probable accidental intravascular injection of a portion of the olanzapine LAI dose. Although there is no specific antidote for olanzapine overdose, patients can be treated symptomatically as needed. Special precautions include use of proper injection technique and a post-injection observation period © 2010 Detke et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Cross-sectional study assessing long-term safety of interferon-β-1b for relapsing-remitting MS$$$ Objective: The 16-Year Long-Term Follow-Up (LTF) to the pivotal interferon-β-1b (IFNβ-1b) trial explored clinical, MRI, cognitive, and patient-reported outcomes. Here, we report the safety assessments. Methods: In the pivotal study, 372 patients were randomized to placebo (n = 123), IFNβ-1b 50 μg (n = 125), or IFNβ-1b 250 μg (n = 124) subcutaneously every other day for up to 5 years. Sixteen years later, patients were asked to participate in this cross-sectional follow-up study. No particular therapy was stipulated during follow-up. Adverse events experienced since the pivotal trial were recorded. Neutralizing antibodies (NAbs) to IFNβ-1b were measured using the myxovirus protein A induction assay. Statistical analyses were descriptive. RESULTS: In total, 88.2% of patients (328/372) were identified. Some centers achieved 100% ascertainment, obviating selection bias. Treatment-related adverse events (e.g., leukopenia and liver and thyroid dysfunction) reported by LTF participants were in keeping with those previously established. Based on a follow-up period that includes 2,000 patient-years of IFNβ-1b treatment, no new adverse events were observed that were associated with long-term IFNβ-1b exposure. By LTF, NAbs to IFNβ-1b disappeared in the majority (76%) of NAb-positive patients. NAb status during the pivotal study appeared to have no impact on long-term clinical and MRI outcomes. There were more deaths among patients assigned to placebo in the pivotal study (20/109 [18.3%]) compared with patients who received IFNβ-1b 50 μg (9/108 [8.3%]) or IFNβ-1b 250 μg (6/111 [5.4%]). Conclusion: The results from the 16-Year Long-Term Follow-Up study support the long-term safety of interferon-β-1b therapy in multiple sclerosis. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class III evidence that patients with relapsing-remitting MS taking IFNβ-1b 50 μg or 250 μg subcutaneously every other day for up to 5 years, with subsequent unspecified treatment, have fewer deaths after 16 years of follow-up than similar patients on placebo for up to 5 years, with subsequent unspecified treatment (risk difference 11.5%, 95% confidence interval 4-19). Copyright © 2010 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Effects of bevacizumab plus irinotecan on response and survival in patients with recurrent malignant glioma: A systematic review and survival-gain analysis$$$ Background: The combination of bevacizumab and irinotecan is a new chemotherapy protocol increasingly used for recurrent malignant glioma. Results from phase II trials suggest this drug combination is beneficial to patients, but no conclusive comparisons between this and other treatment protocols have been published.Methods: We performed a systematic review and survival gain analysis of phase II studies to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bevacizumab plus irinotecan treatment. To do this, we utilized a preexisting database from which the mean overall survival and response rate of patients could be predicted. Survival gain, which characterized the influence of treatment, was defined as the difference between observed and predicted mean overall survival. Response gain was calculated similarly.Results: 741 cohorts were enrolled in the database. Among them, 282 cohorts were based on recurrent adult HGG, mean reported median overall survival was 10.96 ± 8.4 months, and mean response rate was 18.9% ± 20.5. We found that compared with other treatment protocols, bevacizumab plus irinotecan largely improved response rates (P = 0.00002) and had a possible moderate effect on overall survival time (P = 0.024). Hemorrhage, thromboembolic complications, and gastrointestinal toxicities were the most frequently reported side effects.Conclusion: The combination of bevacizumab and irinotecan might improve outcome in patients with recurrent malignant glioma. Randomized controlled trials are recommended to evaluate this treatment protocol and the additional value of irinotecan. © 2010 Xu et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Drugs for the treatment of menopausal symptoms$$$ Importance of the field: Over the last decade, the management of the menopause has attracted extensive public and professional debate and has become one of the most controversial areas in clinical practice. Areas covered in this review: This review provides an overview of the field, primarily from a clinical practice perspective. However, as we have incorporated in this 'big-picture' snapshot of the field both conventional and complementary approaches to managing the menopause, it is not an exhaustive review of the literature. What the reader will gain: By reviewing menopausal management from the perspective of practicing clinicians, we hope readers will gain insight into decision making processes appropriate for dealing with symptomatic women. Take home message: Although most women do not require pharmacotherapy for menopausal symptoms, many are severely affected by estrogen deficiency at and beyond menopause and, for such women, hormone therapy is important if they are to retain an acceptable quality of life. This article considers the drug treatment of the symptomatic postmenopausal woman and the safety issues related to these medications. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Medical management of trigeminal neuropathic pains$$$ Importance of the field: Although trigeminal neuralgia has traditionally been considered the prime neuralgic condition in the face region, other forms of neuropathic pain are now being more frequently recognized and require recognition and a different management approach. Areas covered in this review: This review principally covers medical management of trigeminal neuralgia; but also included is glossopharyngeal neuralgia, trigeminal neuropathic pain (atypical odontalgia) and burning mouth syndrome. Systematic reviews and guidelines will be discussed. What the reader will gain: An update will be provided of drug therapy for these relatively rare facial pains. Take home message: Trigeminal neuralgia continues to be best managed using anticonvulsant drugs, the primary ones being carbamazepine and oxcarbazepine; baclofen may be helpful and, of the newly emerging drugs, pregabalin has potential. Glossopharyngeal neuralgia remains managed in the same way as trigeminal neuralgia. Trigeminal neuropathic pain is probably best managed according to guidelines used for the management of neuropathic pain, which include the use of tricyclic antidepressants, gabapentin, pregabalin, duloxetine, venalafaxine and topical lidocaine. Burning mouth syndrome is a neuropathic pain managed initially with topical clonazepam and then with other neuropathic drugs. Patients need to be involved in their management. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
A review comparing the safety and tolerability of memantine with the acetylcholinesterase inhibitors$$$ Objective: Alzheimer's disease (AD) is prevalent among elderly people, who often have comorbid conditions, and may be prescribed multiple medications. Drug safety and tolerability is paramount in maximising efficacy and optimising patient and carer quality of life, as patients are vulnerable to adverse events (AEs) and/or compliance difficulties. The two principal categories of drug used in the treatment of AD are the acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (AChEIs) and the NMDA-receptor antagonist, memantine. This paper reviews the most recent safety data for memantine in comparison with the AChEIs. Design: Review of most recent safety/tolerability data for memantine and AChEIs, derived from meta-analyses, pooled analyses, European SPCs and EMEA publications. Results: Memantine was found to have a favourable tolerability profile when used as monotherapy or in combination with other agents. AChEIs were found to be fairly well tolerated. All treatments commonly or very commonly produce dizziness and/or headache. AChEIs are associated with many more types of AEs than memantine, particularly in the gastrointestinal category. Agitation is a less common AE when comparing memantine treatment to placebo, but just as common when comparing AChEI treatment to placebo. Withdrawals in memantine-treated groups are comparable to placebo, and more common in AChEI-treated groups compared to placebo. Overall, drug-drug interactions, contraindications and warnings were fewer for memantine than AChEIs. Conclusions: In both the clinical and naturalistic setting, memantine displays a safety and tolerability profile that is favourable and distinct from that of AChEIs. Safety and tolerability profiles should be given careful consideration when selecting treatment for AD patients. Copyright © 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Sodium channel blockers for neuropathic pain$$$ Importance of the field: The voltage-gated sodium channels (VGSCs) play a fundamental role in controlling cellular excitability and their abnormal activity is related to several pathological processes, including cardiac arrhythmias, epilepsy, neurodegenerative diseases, spasticity, chronic and neuropathic pain. In particular, neuropathic pain (e.g., postherpetic and trigeminal neuralgia, diabetic neuropathy and spinal cord injury) is a serious clinical problem that affects a high percentage of the world population. Because an altered sodium channel isoform expression profile has been considered one reason for the changes in neuronal excitability, there is a continuous quest for new selective molecules targeting sodium channels for the treatment of chronic pain. Areas covered in this review: PubMed, http://www.sciencedirect.com/, SciFinder® Scholar and http://ep.espacenet.com/ were used as sources for this review and patents between 2007 and September 2009 were taken into account for the sodium channel blockers molecular classes reviewed and discussed herein. What the reader will gain: The sodium channel blockers reported in this review have been categorized into different molecular classes on the basis of their wide structural diversity. This classification, somewhat arbitrary, does not necessarily reflect the presence of pharmacophoric elements but offers a useful way to discuss and comment on structurally homogenous classes of chemotypes recently patented. Take home message: The continuous discoveries in the field of sodium channel blockers, highlighted by the increasing numbers of patent applications published in the last few years and by the numbers of compounds currently in clinical development, underline the importance of this target for the treatment of neuropathic pain. The great difficulty in the design of new selective and active structures, not obtained from old VGSC blockers that are often associated with high risk of adverse effects, is a strong challenge for medicinal chemistry research. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Extended-release lamotrigine in the treatment of patients with epilepsy$$$ Importance to the field: Epilepsy is a neurological disorder primarily characterized by recurrent, unprovoked seizures resulting from excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain. Depending on the case definition and population studied, the lifetime prevalence of epilepsy in the USA is estimated to be 1.2 2.9%. In general, epilepsy is related to a significant increased risk of mortality and injury. A cornerstone of epilepsy management is use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). This review focuses on the AED lamotrigine, with particular emphasis on the extended-release formulation, in the management of patients with epilepsy, and the significant clinical issues that may be relevant with once-daily AED therapy. Areas covered in this review: An introductory section overviews the prevalence of epilepsy, current treatment recommendations for patients with epilepsy, and unmet needs in epilepsy management. This is followed by an overview of the AED market with currently available and developing compounds, a summary of lamotrigine and extended-release lamotrigine, clinical efficacy and tolerability studies with extended-release lamotrigine, and regulatory issues. The review concludes with an expert opinion summary on the important issue of treatment adherence, the possible role of extended-release lamotrigine in adherence enhancement, and additional research and areas which need further focus for optimal epilepsy outcomes. What the reader will gain: The reader will gain familiarity with extended-release (once-daily) lamotrigine and clinical issues that may be relevant to once-daily use. Once-daily AED use might be one way to simplify the epilepsy treatment regimen and can pave the way for other approaches that can maximize adherence, such as a frank discussion of risks, benefits, and attitudes towards treatment all critical components of a strong and positive doctorpatient relationship. Take home message: The AED lamotrigine is widely used in clinical settings and has become available in a once-daily extended-release version, which may minimize serum concentration fluctuation and presumably would both reduce patient burden and maximize treatment adherence as opposed to the immediate-release version of the compound. Adverse effects and safety concerns between the immediate- and extended-release versions of lamotrigine seem similar based upon interpretation of the limited literature. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Adverse drug events associated with the use of analgesics, sedatives, and antipsychotics in the intensive care unit$$$ As critically ill patients frequently receive analgesics, sedatives, and antipsychotics to optimize patient comfort and facilitate mechanical ventilation, adverse events associated with the use of these agents can affect all organ systems and result in substantial morbidity and mortality. Although many of these adverse effects are common pharmacologic manifestations of the agent, and therefore frequently reversible, others are idiosyncratic and thus unexpected. The critically ill are more susceptible to adverse drug events than nonintensive care unit patients due to the high doses and long periods for which each of these agents are often administered, the frequent use of intravenous formulations that contain adjuvants that may lead to toxicity in some instances, and the high prevalence of end-organ dysfunction that affects the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic response to therapy. This paper will review the most common and serious adverse drug events reported to occur with the use of sedatives, analgesics, and antipsychotics in the intensive care unit; highlight the pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, and pharmacogenetic factors that can influence analgesic, sedative, and antipsychotic response and safety in the critically ill; and identify strategies that can be used to minimize toxicity with these agents. Copyright © 2010 by the Society of Critical Care Medicine and Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Variation in specialty care hospitalization for children with chronic conditions in California$$$ OBJECTIVE: Despite the documented utility of regionalized systems of pediatric specialty care, little is known about the actual use of such systems in total populations of chronically ill children. The objective of this study was to evaluate variations and trends in regional patterns of specialty care hospitalization for children with chronic illness in California. METHODS: Using California's Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development unmasked discharge data set between 1999 and 2007, we performed a retrospective, total-population analysis of variations in specialty care hospitalization for children with chronic illness in California. The main outcome measure was the use of pediatric specialty care centers for hospitalization of children with a chronic condition in California. RESULTS: Analysis of 2 170 102 pediatric discharges revealed that 41% had a chronic condition, and 44% of these were discharged from specialty care centers. Specialty care hospitalization varied by county and type of condition. Multivariate analyses associated increased specialty care center use with public insurance and high pediatric specialty care bed supply. Decreased use of regionalized care was seen for adolescent patients, black, non-Hispanic children, and children who resided in zip codes of low income or were located farther from a regional center of care. CONCLUSIONS: Significant variation exists in specialty care hospitalization among chronically ill children in California. These findings suggest a need for greater scrutiny of clinical practices and child health policies that shape patterns of hospitalization of children with serious chronic disease. Copyright © 2010 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Comorbidities in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome: A registry-based case-control study$$$ Objective. Although multiple diseases associated with primary Sjögren's syndrome (pSS) have been reported, reliable data regarding the prevalence of specific medical comorbidities among patients with pSS remain sparse. We investigated the prevalence and risk for a broad spectrum of medical conditions among patients with pSS in Taiwan. Methods. A total of 1974 patients with pSS were eligible for inclusion in the study group. We randomly selected 9870 enrollees matched with the study subjects, using the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Dataset for 2006 and 2007, inclusive. Conditional logistic regression analyses conditioned on sex, age, monthly income, and level of urbanization of the patient's community were used to calculate the odds ratios (OR) of various comorbid conditions. Results. Pearson chi-square tests revealed that patients with pSS had significantly higher prevalence of hyperlipidemia, cardiac arrhythmias, headaches, migraines, fibromyalgia (FM), asthma, pulmonary circulation disorders, hypothyroidism, liver disease, peptic ulcers, hepatitis B, deficiency anemias, depression, and psychoses. Conditional regression analyses showed that, compared to patients without the condition, patients with pSS were more likely to have hyperlipidemia (OR 1.42), cardiac arrhythmias (OR 1.32), headaches (OR 1.47), migraines (OR 1.86), FM (OR 1.71), asthma (OR 1.54), pulmonary circulation disorders (OR 1.42), hypothyroidism (OR 2.37), liver disease (OR 1.89), peptic ulcers (OR 1.88), hepatitis B (OR 2.34), deficiency anemias (OR 1.33), depression (OR 2.57), and psychoses (OR 2.15). Conclusion. The prevalence of several comorbidities was increased among the patients with pSS. Our study provides epidemiological data for comorbidities among pSS patients in an ethnic Chinese population. Copyright © 2010. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical experience using electroconvulsive therapy in adolescents with schizophrenia spectrum disorders$$$ Objectives: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in adolescent patients diagnosed with schizophrenia spectrum disorders (SSD). Methods: All patients diagnosed with SSD who received ECT in the Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and Psychology Department in a general hospital in Barcelona, Spain, from January, 2003, to December, 2007, were identified retrospectively. As part of the usual evaluation protocol, Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) and Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scales were administered before ECT, after the acute ECT phase (CGI), and at 6 months from baseline. Data related to characteristics of these patients such as demographics, pharmacological treatment, ECT parameters, and side effects were registered. Results: Thirteen cases, ages 13-17 (mean age, 16.6? ±? 1.2years), were included. Compared to pre-ECT scores, mean PANSS decreased significantly at 6-month assessment (t? =? 3.58, p? =? 0.004). Clinical response (20% or greater reduction in PANSS total scores at the 6-month end point) was achieved in 54% of patients. A significant improvement of mean CGI score was observed after the acute ECT phase (t? =? 11.88, p? <? 0.001) and at 6-month assessment (t? =? 12.48, p? <? 0.001). There were no severe incidents related to any session during the acute ECT phase, although 1 patient experienced a tardive seizure during the continuation ECT. Conclusions: Our clinical experience supports the assertion that ECT is a safe and effective treatment for SSD in adolescent patients. © 2010, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Rational treatment of fibromyalgia for a solo practitioner$$$ Fibromyalgia (FM) is a challenging condition, but the management of patients with FM is becoming facilitated by new medications that act in what are thought to be some of most important pathophysiological features in this syndrome. However, it is of pivotal importance that an interdisciplinary approach is used to improve pain, fatigue, sleep and other domains to improve quality of life. Here, we present elements of management that the solo practitioner can tackle, focussing in the formally approved drugs for FM and other drugs commonly used in this condition. Further, the elements of an ideal multidisciplinary team are presented, and on how to incorporate their recommendations for the treatment of FM. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Lorcaserin: A novel, selective 5-HT2C-receptor agonist for the treatment of obesity$$$ Obesity is a prevalent disease that has reached epidemic proportions in both the developed and developing world. In the United States, it is estimated that 66% of the adult population is overweight or obese. There are several available pharmacologic treatments for obesity used as an adjunct to diet, exercise, and behavioral therapy. However, weight loss with these agents is modest and usually reversible when the drug is discontinued, and novel, more-effective anti-obesity agents are desperately needed. Lorcaserin is a selective 5-HT2C-receptor agonist under development for weight management. This receptor is expressed in the brain, including the hypothalamus, an area involved in the control of appetite and metabolism. Lorcaserin has demonstrated ef cacy in 2 pivotal phase 3 clinical trials. Mean weight loss at 1 year was approximately 6 kg in both trials. These trials have also demonstrated that lorcaserin is devoid of the serious adverse reactions that have plagued other weight-loss medications. A new drug application for lorcaserin was submitted in December 2009, and a response from FDA is expected in the fourth quarter of this year. ER  - 
Choosing among antiepileptic drugs$$$ Selecting an antiepileptic drug (AED) for treatment of seizures is daunting because there are now 20 from which to choose. Following simple principles allows a systematic approach to drug selection. Efficacy studies provide limited information. For initial monotherapy of partial seizures, high-level evidence exists for the efficacy of lamotrigine, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, and topiramate. For initial monotherapy of generalized seizures, high-level evidence is available for valproate, lamotrigine, topiramate, and oxcarbazepine. For initial monotherapy of absence seizures, high-level evidence exists for valproate, lamotrigine, and ethosaximide. All second-generation AEDs have efficacy as adjunctive therapy for partial seizures. AEDs are often useful for comorbid conditions or have properties that should be avoided in some groups. Thus, AEDs should usually be selected on the basis of comorbid conditions, including depression, migraine, chronic pain, obesity, and nephrolithiasis, or patient characteristics, especially for women of childbearing potential and older adults. Copyright © 2010, American Academy of Neurology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Complementary and alternative medicine use by otolaryngology patients: A paradigm for practitioners in all surgical specialties$$$ There is growing interest in complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) amongst the general population. Little information is available on CAM use in otolaryngology atients in the UK. Despite concerns over safety, efficacy and cost-effectiveness, CAM use is common amongst ENT patients. Patients perceive these medications as possible boosters to their immune system. It is becoming increasingly important that health care providers in all specialties ask their patients about CAM use and are aware of the implications it carries. The objective is to study the prevalence and pattern of CAM use among adult and paediatric ENT patients in a UK teaching hospital. A cross-sectional study was done by sending anonymous questionnaire to all outpatient and elective inpatients over a 3-month period. Response rate was 73% (1,789/2,440). Prominent demographics: female, married, over-50 s. Sixty percent had used CAM, 35% in last year. Most common herbs: cod liver oil (n = 481), garlic (n = 255), cranberry (n = 224); non-herbal: massage (n = 287), acupuncture (n = 233), aromatherapy (n = 170). Most commonly cited reasons for using CAM: general health, enhanced immunity and prevention/treatment of common illnesses like the common cold, asthma and bodily aches and pains. © Springer-Verlag 2009. ER  - 
A pharmacogenetic study of docetaxel and thalidomide in patients with castration-resistant prostate cancer using the DMET genotyping platform$$$ The anticancer agent docetaxel shows significant inter-individual variation in its pharmacokinetic and toxicity profile. Thalidomide is an active anticancer agent and also shows wide pharmacological variation. Past pharmacogenetic research has not explained this variation. Patients with prostate cancer enrolled in a randomized phase II trial using docetaxel and thalidomide versus docetaxel alone were genotyped using the Affymetrix DMET 1.0 platform, which tests for 1256 genetic variations in 170 drug disposition genes. Genetic polymorphisms were analyzed for associations with clinical response and toxicity. In all, 10 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in three genes were potentially associated with response to therapy: peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-δ (PPAR-δ), sulfotransferase family, cytosolic, 1C, member 2 (SULT1C2) and carbohydrate (chondroitin 6) sulfotransferase 3 (CHST3). In addition, 11 SNPs in eight genes were associated with toxicities to treatment: spastic paraplegia 7 (pure and complicated autosomal recessive) (SPG7), CHST3, cytochrome P450, family 2, subfamily D, polypeptide 6 (CYP2D6), N-acetyltransferase 2 (arylamine N-acetyltransferase) (NAT2), ATPbinding cassette, sub-family C (CFTR/MRP), member 6 (ABCC6), ATPase, Cu\+ \+ transporting, alpha polypeptide (ATP7A), cytochrome P450, family 4, subfamily B, polypeptide 1 (CYP4B1) and solute carrier family 10 (sodium/bile acid cotransporter family), member 2 (SLC10A2). Genotyping results between drug metabolizing enzymes and transporters (DMET) and direct sequencing showed >96% of concordance. These findings highlight the role that non-CYP450 metabolizing enzymes and transporters may have in the pharmacology of docetaxel and thalidomide. © 2010 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
A bupropion smoking cessation clinical trial for cancer patients$$$ Objective Many cancer patients continue to smoke post diagnosis, yet there have been few smoking cessation trials for this population. Depression, which is prevalent among cancer patients, may be a barrier to cessation. Methods This double-blind placebo-controlled trial randomized 246 cancer patients to 9 weeks of placebo or bupropion, stratifying by pre-treatment depression symptoms. In addition, all patients received transdermal nicotine and behavioral counseling. Primary outcomes were 7-day pointprevalence abstinence, biochemically confirmed, at the end of treatment (Week 12), and at 6 months post quit day (Week 27). Additional outcomes included: withdrawal, affect, quality of life, compliance, and side effects. Results There was no main effect of bupropion vs. placebo on abstinence (Odds Ratio [OR] = 1.36, 95% CI: 0.38-4.81, p = .64). Patients with depression symptoms reported significantly lower abstinence rates vs. patients without depression symptoms (OR = .14, 95% CI: 0.02-0.80, p = .03). Bupropion increased abstinence rates, vs. placebo, more for participants with depression vs. those without depression symptoms. For patients with depression symptoms, bupropion reduced withdrawal symptoms and improved quality of life vs. placebo. Conclusions For patients with depression symptoms, bupropion increases abstinence rates, lowers withdrawal, and increases quality of life. However, abstinence rates among patients with depression symptoms were low vs. patients without depression symptoms, who exhibited similar abstinence rates when treated with bupropion or transdermal nicotine and counseling alone. These results can guide future smoking cessation intervention studies with cancer patients. © Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2010. ER  - 
Neurological manifestations of Behçet's disease in Japan: A study of 54 patients$$$ The type and frequency of neurological manifestations of Behçet's disease (BD) vary with ethnicity. We analyzed the neurological manifestations of BD in Japanese patients. All patients undergoing treatment at one of the two Yokohama City University hospitals from July 1991 to December 2007 and who fulfilled the Japanese criteria for BD revised in 1987 were studied retrospectively by chart review. Patients had been neurologically assessed by neurologists. We recorded neurological signs and symptoms, magnetic resonance imaging or computed tomography findings, and results of cerebrospinal fluid examinations from the records of each patient. We studied 412 patients with BD, of whom 54 (13%) had neurological involvement (neuro-Behçet's disease: NB). NB patients included a significantly higher proportion of males (61%) than non-NB patients (42%, P = 0.009). The majority of patients (n = 38, 70%) had acute parenchymal NB, 15 (28%) had chronic progressive parenchymal NB, and 1 (2%) had the non-parenchymal type. Headache and fever were more frequently reported by patients with acute parenchymal NB. Personality changes, sphincter disturbances, involuntary movements, and ataxia occurred predominantly in patients with chronic progressive parenchymal NB. Lesions were distributed throughout the CNS, but mainly in the brainstem, white matter, and basal ganglia. Analysis of end-point clinical outcomes revealed a poor prognosis for patients with chronic progressive NB. In Japan, most NB patients have the parenchymal type, and male gender is a predisposing factor. Because of the unfavorable prognosis associated with chronic progressive NB, development of effective therapies are urgently needed. © 2010 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Recent developments in pediatric headache$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review will focus on some of the recent findings in pediatric headache including headache characteristics, epidemiology, comorbid associations and treatment updates. RECENT FINDINGS: Pediatric headache remains a frequent health problem for children and their families, yet there remain many gaps in our knowledge. This review will broadly address some of the recent findings and highlight the gaps in our understanding and treatment of pediatric headache. There will be a focus on pediatric migraine as this has been the best characterized and studied. SUMMARY: Our understanding of pediatric headache is improving with increased recognition of the characteristics and associated symptomology. This should further guide the individualized treatment approaches for improved outcome and reduction of progression into adulthood. © 2010 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Pathogenesis, diagnosis and management of neuropsychiatric SLE manifestations$$$ Neuropsychiatric events are common in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), but less than one-third of these events can be directly attributed to SLE. Increased generalized SLE disease activity or damage, previous or concurrent major neuropsychiatric SLE (NPSLE) events, and persistently positive moderate-to-high antiphospholipid antibody titers are established risk factors, and their presence could facilitate proper attribution to the disease itself. Diagnostic evaluation is guided by the presenting manifestation; MRI is used to visualize brain or spinal pathologies. For neuropsychiatric events believed to reflect an immune or inflammatory process, or when these events occur in the context of active generalized disease, evidence (primarily from uncontrolled studies) supports the use of glucocorticoids alone or in combination with immunosuppressive therapy. Antiplatelet and/or anticoagulation therapy is recommended for NPSLE manifestations related to antiphospholipid antibodies, especially for thrombotic cerebrovascular disease. For the future, we anticipate that novel biomarkers and advanced neuroimaging tests will better define the underlying pathologic mechanisms of SLE-related neuropsychiatric disease, and help guide therapeutic decisions. © 2010 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychiatricc morbidity and suicidal behavior in epilepsy: A community-based case-control study$$$ Objectives: To provide information about psychiatric comorbidity and suicidal behavior in people with epilepsy compared to those without epilepsy from a community sample in Brazil. Methods: An attempt was made to evaluate all 174 subjects with epilepsy (cases) identified in a previous community survey. For every case identified, an individual without epilepsy (control) and matched by sex and age was selected in the same neighborhood. A structured interview with validated psychiatric scales was performed. 153 cases and 154 controls were enrolled in the study. Results: People with epilepsy had more frequently anxiety (39.4% versus 23.8%, OR 2.1 [95% CI 1.2 -3.5]; p=0.006), depression (24.4% versus 14.7%, OR 1.9 [95% CI 1.01 - 3.5]; p=0.04) and anger (55.6% versus 39.7%, OR 1.9 [95% CI 1.2 - 3.1]; p=0.008). They also reported more suicidal thoughts (36.7% versus 23.8%, OR 1.8 [95% CI 1.1 - 3.1]; p=0.02), plans (18.2% versus 3.3%, OR 2.0 [95% CI 1.0 - 4.0]; p=0.04) and attempts (12.1% versus 5.3%, OR 2.4 [95% CI 1.1 - 3.2], p=0.04) during life than controls. Conclusions: These findings call attention for psychiatric comorbidity and suicidal behavior associated with epilepsy. Suicide risk assessment, mental evaluation and treatment may improve quality of life in epilepsy and ultimately prevent suicide. ER  - 
Depression and quality of life of patients with epilepsy in Malaysia$$$ Objective: To determine the prevalence of depression and quality of life in patients with epilepsy, and its associated risk factors. Methods: This was a cross sectional study where 120 patients with epilepsy and 60 controls who were the patients' sibling, were recruited. Socio-demographic data (age, sex, race, marital status, education level and employment status) and clinical variables (age at onset, duration and type of seizure, seizure recency, type of antiepileptic drug used, family history of epilepsy and depression) were recorded. Both patients and the control subjects were given the “Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale” and “Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview” to screen and diagnose for depression respectively. The Quality of Life Inventory of Epilepsy (QOLIE-31) was used to assess quality of life. Results: The prevalence of depression in patients with epilepsy was higher than in controls (9.2% as compared to 3.3%), though it was not statistically significant. There were also no significant differences between the depressed and non depressed patients in terms of socio-demographic and clinical variables. However, patients with younger onset of epilepsy were more likely to report depressive symptoms on HADS ( p = 0.02). Patients with epilepsy who were depressed also had poorer quality life as compared to those without depression: p< 0.001. Conclusion: Patients with epilepsy had higher rates of depression as compared to controls. Furthermore they had significantly poorer quality of life as compared to those without depression. Therefore, epileptic patients should be regularly screened for depression to prevent unnecessary suffering and poorer quality of life. ER  - 
Systematic review: Chlorpromazine for psychosis induced aggression or agitation$$$ Objectives: To examine the effects of chlorpromazine for psychosis-induced aggression or agitation. Method: We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group Trials Register (2008) for randomised control trials or double blind trials implying randomisation, comparing chlorpromazine with another drug or placebo for people thought to be acutely aggressive due to psychotic illness. For selected studies we extracted data and calculated relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) on an intention-to-treat basis, based on a fixed-effects model. Results: 118 studies were identified, two met inclusion criteria. One compared oral chlorpromazine with oral thioridazine and one intramuscular chlorpromazine with intramuscular haloperidol.Those allocated chlorpromazine did not remain on medication (RR 2.00 CI 0.94 to 4.26), or stay in hospital (RR 1.87 CI 0.70 to 4.95) longer than those allocated thioridazine. No differences were found for adverse effects.Those allocated chlorpromazine were no more likely to have one (RR 3.00 CI 0.13 to 68.26), 2-4 (RR 0.90 CI 0.52 to 1.55) or 5+ (RR 0.75 CI 0.20 to 2.79) injections than those allocated haloperidol. Two patients allocated chlorpromazine had, serious hypotension (RR 5.00 CI 0.26 to 96.13), one developed status epilepticus (RR 3.00 CI 0.13 to 68.26), no one allocated haloperidol had these effects Conclusion: Overall the quality of evidence is limited and dated. Chlorpromazine was just as effective as similar medicines, but it may be associated with more side effects. Where better, more evaluated drugs are available it may be best to avoid using chlorpromazine. Carefully designed clinical trials are urgently needed. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs (AEDS) in the treatment of psychiatric disorders$$$ Objectives: The pharmacologic interface between psychiatry and neurology is AEDs as they are utilized to treat both epilepsy and psychiatric disorders. Further, AEDs are commonly utilized to treat pain disorders. Thus, AEDs are primarily prescribed for treatment of psychiatric and pain disorders, not for treatment of epilepsy. The choice of which AEDs neurologists will utilize in treatment of epilepsy is most often premised on the classic benefits/risks/alternatives equation; however, consideration should be given to psychiatric co-morbidities and which AEDs might best serve patients in both maximizing seizure control and minimizing psychiatric symptoms as patients with epilepsy (PWE) have a 50-80% lifetime prevalence of psychiatric disorders with a three-to-five-fold increased risk of suicide compared to the general population. This overview of AED treatment of psychiatric disorders with inclusion of labeled and off-labeled uses can serve as a guide for neurologists and psychiatrists in better treating psychiatric co-morbidities in PWE. Methods: Literature review. Results: Of 16 AEDs reviewed, clinical studies have addressed > 30 possible uses; however only 5 AEDs (benzodiazepines, carbamazepine, valproate, lamotrigine, and pregabalin) have received FDA/EMEA psychiatric indications. Most studies are uncontrolled case reports, open-label case series, and underpowered randomized controlled trials with methodological flaws. Regardless of the limited approved indications and in some instances negative pivotal trials, AEDs continue to be utilized adjunctively or in monotherapy treatment for a plethora of psychiatric diagnoses. Conclusions: AEDs are pivotal in treating psychiatric co-morbidities in PWE. Further placebo-controlled (augmentation and monotherapy) parallel-arm research with active-comparators is required in this complex field. ER  - 
A study on psycho-social factors related to Iranian Children's attempted suicide$$$ Aim: This paper describes the findings from cases of Iranian children between the age of 6-15 who were attempted suicide. Materials and Method: This retrospective study was carried out using data from 292 cases (239 girls and 53 boys) aged 6-15 who attempted suicide and were referred to the Loghman Hakim Medical Centre poison Centre in Tehran, Iran between 2005 and 2008. The Children Suicide Questionnaire was applied. Findings: The study showed that the percentage of girls who attempted suicide was 81.8% against 12.2% for boys. Most of them attempted suicide between the age of12-14 years. Approximately half (43%) of the children came from a poor socio-economic background, and 95% of suicide attempts took place in the home, and 55.5% between 6.00pm and 12.00 pm. 41% of the respondents reported cases of mental illness in their family. The study also showed that41.6% of the children had attempted suicide before, and 36.6% of them attempted suicide after a family argument.. Depression (28%) and epilepsy(27%) were the most cited cases of personal problems. The means used were antiepileptic drugs (23%), benzodiazepine (23%), and antidepressants (20%). Results: This study suggests the collaboration between paediatricians, psychiatrists and psychologists are necessary. ER  - 
Glial fibrilary acidic protein: A new supportive diagnostic criterion for neuromyelitis optica?$$$ Background: Complement mediated autoimmunity against aquaporin-4 results in astrocytic damage with subsequent release of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP). High cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) GFAP levels have been reported in patients with Devic neuromyelitis optica (DNMO) and related disorders1. Objective: To test the diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of CSF GFAP levels in the laboratory supported workup of patients with DNMO and related disorders. Methods: 106 patients with a wide range of neurological disorders were included. CSF levels of two glial (GFAP and S100B) and one neuro-axonal (NfH-SMI35) protein biomarkers were quantified using ELISA. Results : All patients with DNMO and related disorders (n=7) had highly significantly elevated CSF GFAP levels (median 3110 pg/mL) compared to all other groups (p<0.0001) for each comparison: multiple sclerosis (0 pg/mL), benign intracranial hypertension (3.5 pg/mL), unspecified memory problems (0 pg/mL), epilepsy (2.5 pg/mL), patients requiring extraventricular drainage for treatment of hydrocephalus (0 pg/mL), tension type headache (2 pg/mL), inflammatory CNS disease (3 pg/mL), Parkinsonian syndromes (1 pg/mL), myelopathy (2 pg/mL), polyneuropathy (0 pg/mL), acute psychosis (2.5 pg/mL), sarcoid (0 pg/mL) and stiff man syndrome (0.5 pg/mL). Using a ROC optimised cutoff value of 253 pg/mL, both the sensitivity and specificity of the test were 100%. By comparison, The overall sensitivity/specificity levels for CSF S100B were 86%/97% and for CSF NfH-SMI35 the overall sensitivity/specificity levels were 71%/91%. Conclusions: We confirm the finding of CSF GFAP levels being a highly sensitive protein biomarker in the acute phase of DNMO. Specificity levels can be substantially increased using a more conservative cut-off level for CSF GFAP levels (260 pg/mL). Given the extreme high CSF values in the acute phase one would expect to be able to measure GFAP from blood samples, which would facilitate a prospective longitudinal study. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs in the treatment of psychiatric disorders$$$ Purpose: The pharmacologic interface between psychiatry and neurology is AEDs as they are utilized to treat both epilepsy and psychiatric disorders. Further, AEDs are commonly utilized in treatment of pain disorders. AEDs are primarily prescribed for treatment of psychiatric and pain disorders, not for treatment of epilepsy. The choice of which AEDs neurologists will utilize in treatment of epilepsy is most often premised on the classic benefits/risks/alternatives equation; however, consideration should be given to psychiatric comorbidities and which AEDs might best serve patients in both maximizing seizure control and minimizing psychiatric symptoms as patients with epilepsy (PWE) have a 50-80% lifetime prevalence of psychiatric disorders with a three-to-five-fold increased risk of suicide compared to the general population. This overview of AED treatment of psychiatric disorders with inclusion of labeled and off-labeled uses can serve as a guide for neurologists and psychiatrists in better treating psychiatric comorbidities in PWE. Method: Literature review. Results: Of 16 AEDs reviewed, clinical studies have addressed >30 possible uses; however only 5 AEDs (benzodiazepines, carbamazepine, valproate, lamotrigine, and pregabalin) have received FDA/EMEA psychiatric indications. Most studies are uncontrolled case reports, openlabel case series, and underpowered randomized controlled trials with methodological flaws. Regardless of the limited approved indications and in some instances negative pivotal trials, AEDs continue to be utilized adjunctively or in monotherapy treatment for a plethora of psychiatric diagnoses. Conclusion: AEDs are pivotal in treating psychiatric comorbidities in PWE. Further placebo-controlled (augmentation and monotherapy) parallel-arm research with active-comparators is required in this complex field. ER  - 
Open trial of the omega-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, in 10 patients with refractory epilepsy$$$ Purpose: Animal studies suggest that omega-3 fatty acids have antiseizure properties, but the results of clinical trials with combinations of omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been inconclusive. Pure EPA without DHA appears to be more effective than combinations in studies of depression and schizophrenia. Here, we examine the effects of pure EPA in people with refractory epilepsy. Method: This open study included a 12 week prospective baseline and a 12 week treatment period, during which patients received 1000 mg EPA daily. Patients continued their routine AEDs throughout the trial. The total number of seizures for each week was recorded. Results: Ten patients (5 males) aged 23 to 75 with refractory focal seizures were included. All patients were taking between 1 to 4 AEDs. Median seizure frequency was 15 at baseline and 11 during treatment; 6 patients had fewer seizures with reductions of 12-59%. One patient with an increase in seizure frequency had reduced severity with seizures markedly shorter. Conclusion: This is the first report of the use of pure EPA in people with epilepsy. With the very small numbers of patients and the open design of the study, no definitive conclusions can be reached. However, 7 patients can be considered to have gained benefit; hence EPA does not appear to aggravate seizures and may have beneficial effects. Further trials are required with more patients and higher doses. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms improve with 1-year eslicarb azepine acetate treatment: A pooled analysis of 3 open-label extensions of Phase III studies in patients with partial-onset seizures$$$ Purpose: To understand the effectiveness of eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) on depression risk in the pooled population of a 1-year open-label extension (OLE) of 3 Phase III randomized clinical trial (RCT) studies. Method: Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) was completed at RCT baseline and at 1-year treatment (or early discontinuation) OLE. Patients (n = 828) were stratified by baseline MADRS Total Score into four severity categories: Severe (score 7ge; 31; n = 13); Moderate (25 ≤ score <31; n = 30); Mild (10 < score <25; n = 246); and No Symptoms (score ≤ 10; n = 539). For each MADRS category, results at end of treatment were compared with baseline, with 603 patients completing the MADRS after 1-year of treatment. Results: In the intention-to-treat (ITT) population, highest mean decrease was reported in patients of MADRS Severe category (-18.8; p < 0.0001). Mean decrease was-10.1 (p < 0.0001) for patients in MADRS Moderate category and)5.4 (p < 0.0001) for patients in MADRS Mild category, with no change for patients with No Symptoms at baseline. Overall, the proportion of symptomatic (mild-severe depression) patients decreased from 35% at baseline to 24% at 1-year OLE adjunctive ESL treatment. There were no reported cases of suicide or suicide attempt. Most patients were treated with ESL 800 mg once-daily (range: 400-1600 mg). Conclusion: Patients with mild, moderate and severe depressive symptoms were rated as having significant improvement (as measured by MADRS) during long-term open-label adjunctive ESL treatment. These data demonstrate the usefulness of ESL in treating comorbid depression that is a prevalent comorbidity with epilepsy. ER  - 
Industry as a partner of EU research funding for epilepsy$$$ Academia and pharmaceutical industry have successfully worked together in epilepsy research for tens of years and new therapies have emerged from these collaborations. Many of these medications are also used in other medical conditions (neuropathic pain, bipolar disorder, migraine, etc.) helping patients and making them successes also commercially. Animal models are fairly predictive of clinical efficacy and no clear bottlenecks exist in the development path. It would thus seem natural that the collaboration would bloom also in the future. The reality seems to be different. Industry is not often involved in the EU programs in epilepsy. The joint technology initiative between EU and industry, the Innovative Medicines Initiative has not had any calls related to epilepsy. This clearly reflects industry's lack of interest in this area as these calls are originally initiated from an Industry Consortium. Further, it is clear that many if not most of the large Pharma companies have dropped epilepsy from their core research agenda. From the epilepsy community point of view, these are alarming signs. Some of the reasons are scientific in nature: (1) for best efficacy, multiple modes of action are often needed. This is contrary to the current industry trend where single targets are preferred (2) the biggest unmet need is perceived to be in disease modification (antiepileptogenesis, neuroprotection). This is considered very challenging without suitable biomarkers (3) epilepsy is also problematic due to the need for separate indications across ages and seizure types (partial-pgtc, adult-peds, adjunctive-monotherapy), thus requiring expensive parallel development or a slower serial process. Other reasons include differences in global regulatory standards, challenges in recruiting clinical trials and overall commercial considerations and these will be discussed in the presentation. Personal suggestions for potential solutions will also be presented. ER  - 
How can we develop a successful second generation to VPA drug?$$$ Valproic acid (VPA) is one of the four major antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Although in anticonvulsant animal models VPA is the least potent of the established AEDs, in patients Two VPA amide derivatives, valrocemide and valnoctamide are currently in phase II clinical trials for epilepsy and bipolar disorder, respectively. The use of VPA is limited by its two rare but potentially life-threatening side effects: teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity. While VPA's teratogenicity is associated with the parent compound, its hepatotoxicity results from biotransformation into hepatotoxic metabolites with a terminal double bond 4-ene-VPA and 2,4-diene-VPA. Consequently, there is an incentive to develop a second generation VPA that possesses the following characteristics: (1) better potency than VPA in epilepsy and other CNS disorders while retaining broad-spectrum antiepileptic activity; (2) lack of teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity; (3) lack of weight gain. These characteristics will endow such a VPA derivative a promising potential to become a second generation to VPA drugs. Following a series of structure-pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic relationship studies of VPA, we developed aliphatic and cyclopropyl VPA amide analogues and derivatives, designed to retain or enhance VPA anticonvulsant and CNS-activity, while avoiding its teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity. Amides are superior to esters due to their better metabolic stability and the higher likelihood that they will work as drugs on their own rather than prodrug to their corresponding acids. A metabolically stable amide derivative of VPA cannot form an acyl-CoA that is the first step in the formation of a recitative metabolite 2,4-diene-VPA. The leading aliphatic VPA amide derivatives that emerged from our studies were valrocemide, valnoctamide (racemate and individual stereoisomers) and the enantiomers of propylisopropylacetamide (PID), (R)-PID and (S)-PID. These compounds were more potent than VPA in a wide range of animal models for epilepsy and neuropathic pain and were nonteratogenic in a mouse model for VPA-associated teratogenicity. Unlike VPA, the cyclopropyl amide analogues of VPA: 2,2,3,3-tetramethylcyclopropanecarboxamide (TMCD), α-fluoro-TMCD, α-chloro-TMCD, N-methyl-TMCD (MTMCD) and 2,2,3,3-tetramethylcyclopropanecarbonyl urea (TMC-Urea), possess two quaternary carbons in the β-positions to the carbonyl and hence cannot be biotransformed into hepatotoxic metabolites with a terminal double bond. MTMCDand TMC-Urea were found to be broad-spectrum anticonvulsants. Furthermore they are nonteratogenic and most probably nonhepatotoxic. In rats (po) α-Cl-TMCD had an MES-ED50 of 97mg/kg and a scMet-ED50 of 27mg/kg. α-F-TMCD was 120 times more potent than VPA in the ratscMet test (ED50 = 6mg/kg) and had a protective index (PI = TD50/ED50) of 20. In the 6 Hz psychomotor mouse model α-F-TMCD had ED50 values of 57mg/kg (32 mA) and 59mg/kg (44 mA) and in the hippocampal-kindled-rat and in the pilocarpine-induced-status rat models its ED50 values were 30mg/kg and 23mg/kg, respectively. In conclusion, valrocemide, valnoctamide and its stereoisomers, PID enantiomers, α-F-TMCD, α-Cl-TMCD, MTMCD and TMC-Urea, are CNS-active amide derivatives of VPA that are more potent than VPA, due to their lipophilicity, better brain permeability and metabolic stability. Their broad spectrum and potent anticonvulsant and CNS activity, along with their lack of teratogenicity (animal models), high safety margin and favorable pharmacokinetic profile, make these compounds attractive candidates to become new, successful second generation to VPA drugs. ER  - 
Prediction of psychotic comorbidity in alcoholism evolution$$$ Objective: Identifying clinical characteristics of alcohol-induced psychopathologic board that draw attention to the vulnerability of emerging psychotic symptoms, with the opportunity of early therapeutic intervention. Methods: In a retrospective study over a period of twelve years, a lot was selected including 644 patients fitting the DSM IV R criteria for the disorder related to maladaptative use of alcohol, highlighting the evolution features from alcoholism overlapping with the development of psychotic episodes. Results: From the patients with psychotic disorders, 79% presented several withdrawal episodes in history (most with perceptual elements), 76,75% had a precocious alcohol consumption (under 30 years old), in 70% of the patients the neurological examination showed signs of cerebellum syndrome, nystagmus or Grand Mall seizures, while 49% had damaged liver function (with values five times higher than hepatic constants). Conclusion: 1. The presence of early debute of alcohol consumption, hepatic and neurological comorbidities, frequent withdrawal episodes in history (at least 3) draw attention to potential psychotic deteriorations in chronic alcohol consumers, thus representing a negative predictive factor. 2. The anticipation of alcoholism evolution towards a psychotic deterioration determines a specific therapeutic approach, from the first manifestation of clinical psychotic signs. ER  - 
Radiotherapy for primary or recurrent Morbus Ledderhose: 12 years long-term outcome of a prospective clinical trial$$$ Purpose: Long-term outcome analysis of a prospective phase 2 clinical trial to analyze the use of radiotherapy (RT) for Morbus Ledderhose (ML) to prevent disease progression. Methods: From 1997 to 2009, over 143 patients with ML have been refered to our clinic with symptomatic and progressive ML to receive RT for prevention of disease progression. As of 12 / 2009, 138 pts (71 M; 67 F) have been evaluated for at least 1 year follow-up (FU; median: 6 years). 54 patients had one foot (28 R, 26 L) affected and 84 had bilateral affliction; thus, a total of 222 feet were afflicted and additional 54 feet were uninvolved and observed in long-term FU. While 47 (34%) pts (94 feet) with 67 affected feet, but only minimal symptoms served as control without RT, 91 (66%) pts and 126 feet received RT for primary (n = 66) or recurrent ML. Of the 138 pts, 68 had additionally Morbus Dupuytren (MD) or knuckle pads (n = 8), keloids (n = 11), diabetes mellitus (n = 12), epilepsy (n = 2), liver disorders (n = 7), foot trauma (n = 13), and 39 patients reported nicotine abuse. Time from first observation to first consultation was 12 months. RT was applied with 10 x 3Gy in two RT series of 5 x 3Gy separated by 8 weeks and delivered using 125 to 150 kV photons, lead rubber shielding and superflab bolus for individual set-up. ML was classified in 4 grades; the clinical evaluation (toxicity, efficacy) was performed at 3 months and 1 year after RT and every year thereafter. Results: Acute and late side-effects were minimal: 26 and 6 feet developed CTC grade 1 and 2 skin changes; chronic side-effects (mostly dry skin within the RT portal) were observed in 20 feet. At last FU, clinical disease progression was observed in 11 of 126 (9%) feet; 56 (44%) had stable disease and 59 (47%) showed objective remission of disease. 24 of 62 feet with cords. Moreover, total relief or reduction of symptoms was also pronounced in the RT group: 18 of 22 feet with itching, 48 of 62 with tension sensation, 74 / 100 with pressure sensation, 71 / 86 with pain during walking and 32 / 47 with pain at rest. In contrast, in the control group without RT, 23 of 67 (34%) feet progressed and required treatment, 34 (61%) remained stable and 10 (15%) had a spontaneous remission or reduction of symptoms without treatment. Conclusion: External beam RT is effective and improves long-term outcome for progressive ML; RT is well tolerated and reduces or avoids otherwise necessary surgical procedures. As no primary treatment is available sofar, RT appears to be the treatment of choice when symptoms progress and affect daily quality of life and invasive procedures are to be avoided. ER  - 
The effect of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in healthy subjects. A systematic review$$$ Background: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) show antidepressant properties in many patients with a diagnosis of depression. An understanding of the underlying mechanisms of the effect of SSRIs in healthy patients may lead to an understanding of the yet unclear pathophysiology of depression. Recent reviews of studies investigating the effect of SSRIs in healthy persons conclude that the results are inconsistent and thatin relation to a wide range of outcomesthe effect of SSRIs is limited; however, reasons for the inconsistencies are poorly studied. Aims and Methods: To investigate whether methodological artefacts can explain the diverging findings, we conducted a systematic review of all randomized multiple-dose, placebo-controlled trials on the effect of treatment by SSRI for at least a week in healthy persons published before January 2009. Results: We identified 33 trials, investigating six SSRIs and 163 outcome tests. The effect of SSRI showed divergence presumably related to methodological issues. Specifically, it is likely that the majority of studies included a mix of healthy persons with and without a family history of affective disorders. Few presented information on factors that may influence outcomes such as age, gender, family history of psychiatric disorder, drug levels and ethnicity. No study fulfilled principles of conducting and reporting randomized controlled trials, according to the CONSORT Statement guidelines. Conclusions: It is unclear whether the effect of SSRIs in healthy persons may lead to an understanding of the pathophysiology of depression, since the present evidence is divergent and may be severely influenced by a number of methodological drawbacks. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Medical management of lennox-gastaut syndrome$$$ Lennox-Gastaut syndrome occurs in 3 of children with epilepsy and is characterized by multiple seizure types, slow spike-and-wave discharges and a poor prognosis for seizure control and cognitive development. Although randomized controlled trials of adjunctive felbamate, lamotrigine, topiramate and rufinamide have demonstrated a ≥50 reduction in seizure frequency, very few children achieve complete seizure control and a Cochrane review of the treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome concluded that the optimum treatment was uncertain and that no drug has been shown to be highly efficacious. Valproate, lamotrigine and topiramate were considered recently by expert panels in the US and Europe to be the first-line drugs. The ketogenic diet may be more effective than antiepileptic drugs and should be considered early in treatment.An improvement in the management of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome requires a better understanding of the pathophysiology of this disorder and the development of animal models in which to test new compounds. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antiviral selection in the management of acute retinal necrosis$$$ There is no consensus on the optimal antiviral regimen in the management of acute retinal necrosis, a disease caused by herpetic viruses with devastating consequences for the eye. The current gold standard is based on retrospective case series. Because the incidence of disease is low, few well-designed, randomized trials have evaluated treatment dosage and duration. Newer oral antiviral agents are emerging as alternatives to high-dose intravenous acyclovir, avoiding the need for inpatient intravenous treatment. Drug resistance is uncommon but may also be difficult to identify. Antiviral drugs have few side effects, but special attention needs to be paid to patients who have underlying renal disease, are pregnant or are immunocompromised. © 2010 Tam et al. ER  - 
Valganciclovir in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis in HIV-infected patients$$$ Oral valganciclovir is a new and highly efficacious alternative to the chronic administration of ganciclovir in the treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in HIV-infected patients. In addition to its excellent bioavailability and favorable pharmacokinetic profile, valganciclovir has also proved cost effective and is the most widely used drug in the armamentarium for the treatment of CMV retinitis. Valganciclovir is a prodrug of ganciclovir, the erstwhile commonly used therapy. In March 2001, the US Food and Drug Administration approved valganciclovir for the induction and maintenance treatment of CMV disease, including CMV retinitis. Valganciclvoir has compared favorably with both oral and intravenous treatments for induction and maintenance therapy with ganciclovir. The reduced pill burden and the ease of oral administration has helped avoid the risks associated with intravenous therapy. The most serious adverse event is neutropenia, which makes the patient susceptible to infections. In the current review, we have compiled all the available evidence-based information on valganciclovir. © 2010 Patil et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Safety considerations of fluoroquinolones in the elderly: An update$$$ The fluoroquinolones ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin, moxifloxacin and gemifloxacin are widely used for the treatment of various types of bacterial infections. Overall, these antibacterial agents can be considered safe and well tolerated drugs. Comparative studies have evaluated the use of quinolones in elderly and younger populations. Although age per se does not seem to decrease their tolerability, specific adverse effects of the quinolones must be considered when they are chosen for antibacterial treatment.Renal function declines consistently with age and doses of renally excreted quinolones (e.g. ofloxacin, levofloxacin, gatifloxacin) need to be adjusted if a clinically relevant reduction of creatinine clearance is identified. Reactions of the gastrointestinal tract, such as nausea, dyspepsia, vomiting or diarrhoea, are among the most often registered adverse drug reactions during therapy with fluoroquinolones. Treatment with a quinolone causes diarrhoea less frequently than treatment with other classes of antimicrobials. Conflicting data have been published with respect to the incidence of Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhoea in quinolone-treated patients. Hypersensitivity reactions, often manifested on the skin, occur less commonly during therapy with quinolones than, for example, during therapy with β-lactam antibacterials.Adverse reactions of the CNS are of particular concern in the elderly population. Given the CNS excitatory effects of quinolones, elderly patients should be monitored carefully for such symptoms. It is likely that many signs of possible adverse reactions, such as confusion, weakness, loss of appetite, tremor or depression, are often mistakenly attributed to old age and remain unreported. Quinolones should be used with caution in patients with known or suspected CNS disorders that predispose to seizures (e.g. severe cerebral arteriosclerosis or epilepsy).Quinolones can cause QT interval prolongation. They should be avoided in patients with known prolongation of the QT interval, patients with uncorrected hypokalaemia or hypomagnesaemia and patients receiving class IA (e.g. quinidine, procainamide) or class III (e.g. amiodarone, sotalol) antiarrhythmic agents.Tendinitis and tendon ruptures are recognized as quinolone-induced adverse effects that can occur during treatment or as late as several months after treatment. Chronic renal diseases, concomitant use of corticosteroids and age >60 years are known risk factors for quinolone-induced tendopathies.Overall, the specific adverse-effect profile of quinolones must be considered when they are chosen for treatment of bacterial infections. Because of physiological changes in renal function and when certain co-morbidities are present, some special considerations are necessary when elderly patients are treated with these drugs. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Combination pharmacotherapy for stopping smoking: What advantages does it offer?$$$ Globally, tobacco kills almost 5 million people around the world annually. Seven first-line pharmacotherapies are currently available and recommended by the United States Public Health Service (USPHS) clinical practice guideline for treating tobacco dependence, all of which have been proven to be effective for increasing tobacco abstinence rates when used as monotherapy. However, not all smokers are able to quit with single-drug therapy. Some smokers may benefit from combination therapy that includes the simultaneous use of different nicotine replacement therapies (NRTs) or medications with different mechanisms of action (e.g. NRT and bupropion). Combination therapy with different types of NRT may provide a therapeutic advantage by increasing serum nicotine concentrations, and combination therapy with different drugs may capitalize on synergy obtained from two different mechanisms of action. However, controversy exists regarding this approach. Available data suggests that combination therapy may increase abstinence rates compared with monotherapy. However, the cost effectiveness of this approach has not been clearly demonstrated. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. ER  - 
Epilepsy in Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder$$$ Previous studies have suggested a higher incidence of symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with epilepsy, but few have investigated epilepsy in children with ADHD. The objective here was to compare the incidence and characteristics of epilepsy among population-based, research identified cohorts of children with (n = 358) and without ADHD (n = 728), based on medical record review to age 20 years. Data abstracted included characteristics of seizures, testing, and treatment. Cases were 2.7 times more likely than controls to have epilepsy (95% CI = 0.94-7.76; P = 0.066), had earlier seizure onset (median age, 5.5 vs 15 years; P = 0.020), and exhibited a trend toward more frequent seizures (more than monthly, 63% vs 17%). Among children who met the research criteria for ADHD, those with epilepsy tended to be less likely to have received a clinical diagnosis of ADHD (63% vs 89%; P = 0.052) or to be treated with stimulants (50% vs 85%; P = 0.025). The findings suggest a strong trend toward a higher incidence of epilepsy among children with ADHD than among children without ADHD. Epilepsy in children with ADHD appears to be more severe than in those without. Finally, there appears to be a reluctance to diagnose and initiate treatment for ADHD in children with epilepsy. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pegylated interferon monotherapy of chronic hepatitis C in dialysis patients: Meta-analysis of clinical trials$$$ The efficacy and safety of pegylated interferon monotherapy in patients with chronic renal failure and chronic hepatitis C remains unclear, although a number of small clinical trials have been published addressing this issue. A systematic review of the literature with a meta-analysis of clinical trials was performed in order to assess efficacy and safety of initial pegylated interferon monotherapy in chronic renal failure patients with chronic hepatitis C. The primary outcome was sustained virological response (as a measure of efficacy); the secondary outcome was drop-out rate (as a measure of tolerability). The random effects model of Der Simonian and Laird was used, with heterogeneity and sensitivity analyses. Sixteen clinical trials (254 unique patients) were identified, five (31%) being controlled studies; the majority (15/16=94%) regarded patients on long-term dialysis. The summary estimate for sustained virological response and drop-out rate was 33% [95% Confidence Intervals (95%CI) 24-43] and 23% (95%CI, 14-33), respectively. The most frequent side-effects requiring interruption of treatment were haematological (18%) and gastrointestinal (14%). In the group of controlled clinical trials, thesummaryestimate for sustained viral response and drop-out rate was 38% (95% CI, 18-59), and 15% (95% CI, 3-26), respectively. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to sustained virological response and drop-out rate. Pegylated IFN does not provide an added benefit in terms of virological response in comparison with standard IFN monotherapy. Tolerance to pegylated-IFN monotherapy was unsatisfactory. Prospective trials are in progress to assess the optimal antiviral therapy for chronic hepatitis C in dialysis patients. © 2010 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Adjunctive antiepileptic drugs in adult epilepsy: How the first add-on could be the last$$$ Importance of the field: In adult epilepsies, incomplete seizure control under monotherapy affects ~ 20 -- 25% of patients with idiopathic generalized epilepsies (IGE) and ~ 20 -- 40% of patients with epilepsies with focal seizures (FE). The choice of an adjunctive therapy is therefore a common event. Areas covered in this review: Efficacy studies of add-on anti-epileptic drugs for adult epilepsies -- approved since the early 1990s until 2008 -- were reviewed. An exception was made for valproate. What the reader will gain: Efficacy studies give important clues for add-on drug choice but -- beyond this -- we encourage physicians to consider other parameters, especially co-morbidity(ies) and special situation(s). According to clinical and pharmacological data, an original, practical approach is proposed, by which decisions are based on three main criteria, which aim to optimize patients' seizure control and quality of life. The need for drugs that act not only on 'ictogenesis' but also on 'epileptogenesis' is also discussed briefly. Take home message: Given the increasing disposal of anti-epileptic drugs, the choice of an add-on therapy appears to be partly based on subjective criteria (physician opinions and preferences). In fact, the selection criteria can be clarified as: treatment decisions rely not only on seizure type, efficacy and tolerability profiles but also on patient-related factors. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Suppression of farnesyltransferase activity in acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome: Current understanding and recommended use of tipifarnib$$$ Importance of the field: Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) incidence in the United States increases with age. Given the progressive ageing of the general population, incidence of these diseases is likely to continue to rise in the future. There is an acute need for therapeutic developments because of the poor prognosis of these diseases. Since the knowledge of molecular genetics in AML and MDS has expanded recently, targeted therapeutics should offer an exciting new frontier for advancement. Of all the targeted inhibitors developed, tipifarnib represents one of the few compounds with some activity as a single agent. Areas covered in this review: Described in this review are the molecular targets of tipifarnib, safety and tolerability of the drug, chemistry, and clinical efficacy in AML. What the reader will gain: The reader will gain a thorough understanding of tipifarnib as it relates to the current and future use of the drug in AML. Take home message: The future of tipifarnib, along with other molecularlytargeted drugs, lies in achieving a better understanding of leukemia biology and harnessing the activity of this agent using predictive biomarkers for improved patient selection. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Safety profile of oxcarbazepine: Results from a prescription-event monitoring study$$$ Purpose: To monitor safety of oxcarbazepine, prescribed in primary care in England, using prescription-event monitoring (PEM). Methods: Postmarketing surveillance using observational cohort technique of PEM. Exposure data were obtained from dispensed British National Health Service prescriptions issued by general practitioners (GPs) March 2000-July 2003. Demographic, drug utilization, and clinical event data were collected from questionnaires posted to GPs at least 6 months after first prescription date for each patient. Incidence densities (IDs) (number of first reports per 1,000 patient-months of treatment) were calculated and differences for events reported in month 1 (ID1) and months 2-6 (ID2-6) (99% confidence intervals) were examined for changes in event rates. Follow-up and causality assessment of medically significant events were undertaken. Results: The cohort comprised 2,243 patients [mean age 40.4 years; range 2-99 years; standard deviation (SD) 18.8; 46.3% (n = 1,038) male]. Most frequently reported primary indications were epilepsy, convulsion (n = 1,111; 49.5%, n = 209; 9.3%, respectively). GPs recorded 932 reasons for stopping medication in 698 (31.1%) patients; most frequent clinical reason "drowsiness/sedation" (n = 57; 2.5% of cohort). Clinical events (excluding indication) associated with starting treatment (lower 99% CI > 0) included: "drowsiness/sedation" (ID1-ID2-6 = 14.2), "nausea/vomiting" (ID1-ID2-6 = 13.0), and dizziness (ID1-ID2-6 = 11.6). Events followed up and assessed as probably related to oxcarbazepine use included rash (7 of 11) and hyponatremia (15 of 38). Discussion: There were no serious adverse drug reactions reported during this study. Results of the study should be taken in context with other epidemiologic studies. © 2010 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
A population-based study of risk of epilepsy after hospitalization for traumatic brain injury$$$ Purpose: This study was undertaken to determine the risk of developing posttraumatic epilepsy (PTE) within 3 years after discharge among a population-based sample of older adolescents and adults hospitalized with traumatic brain injury (TBI) in South Carolina. It also identifies characteristics related to development of PTE within this population. Methods: A stratified random sample of persons aged 15 and older with TBI was selected from the South Carolina nonfederal hospital discharge dataset for four consecutive years. Medical records of recruits were reviewed, and they participated in up to three yearly follow-up telephone interviews. Results: The cumulative incidence of PTE in the first 3 years after discharge, after adjusting for loss to follow-up, was 4.4 per 100 persons over 3 years for hospitalized mild TBI, 7.6 for moderate, and 13.6 for severe. Those with severe TBI, posttraumatic seizures prior to discharge, and a history of depression were most at risk for PTE. This higher risk group also included persons with three or more chronic medical conditions at discharge. Discussion: These results raise the possibility that although some of the characteristics related to development of PTE are nonmodifiable, other factors, such as depression, might be altered with intervention. Further research into factors associated with developing PTE could lead to risk-reducing treatments. © 2009 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Electrical stimulation of the anterior nucleus of thalamus for treatment of refractory epilepsy$$$ Purpose: We report a multicenter, double-blind, randomized trial of bilateral stimulation of the anterior nuclei of the thalamus for localization-related epilepsy. Methods: Participants were adults with medically refractory partial seizures, including secondarily generalized seizures. Half received stimulation and half no stimulation during a 3-month blinded phase; then all received unblinded stimulation. Results: One hundred ten participants were randomized. Baseline monthly median seizure frequency was 19.5. In the last month of the blinded phase the stimulated group had a 29% greater reduction in seizures compared with the control group, as estimated by a generalized estimating equations (GEE) model (p = 0.002). Unadjusted median declines at the end of the blinded phase were 14.5% in the control group and 40.4% in the stimulated group. Complex partial and "most severe" seizures were significantly reduced by stimulation. By 2 years, there was a 56% median percent reduction in seizure frequency; 54% of patients had a seizure reduction of at least 50%, and 14 patients were seizure-free for at least 6 months. Five deaths occurred and none were from implantation or stimulation. No participant had symptomatic hemorrhage or brain infection. Two participants had acute, transient stimulation-associated seizures. Cognition and mood showed no group differences, but participants in the stimulated group were more likely to report depression or memory problems as adverse events. Discussion: Bilateral stimulation of the anterior nuclei of the thalamus reduces seizures. Benefit persisted for 2 years of study. Complication rates were modest. Deep brain stimulation of the anterior thalamus is useful for some people with medically refractory partial and secondarily generalized seizures. © 2010 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
The elderly safety imperative and antipsychotic usage$$$ Behavioral and psychotic symptoms are common problems in older adults, and as the population ages, understanding the benefits and risks of antipsychotic usage is increasingly important. In this age group, psychotic symptoms may occur in patients with dementia or as part of schizophrenia, mood disorders, delirium, or delusional disorder. Various antipsychotics have been studied in older adults with psychotic symptoms, demonstrating mixed, but real, benefit, especially in relation to carefully selected patients. Caution is required because of the potential side effects and risks, which include increased mortality and cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events. This article reviews the use of antipsychotics in older adults, with emphasis on the risks and side effects, particularly in dementia patients with behavioral and psychotic symptoms. © 2010 President and Fellows of Harvard College. ER  - 
Bipolar depression: Overview and commentary$$$ Depressive phases are the most prevalent component of bipolar disorders, even with modern treatment. Bipolar depressive morbidity is often misdiagnosed and is limited in response to available treatments. These conditions are especially debilitating and are associated with psychiatric comorbidity, substance abuse, functional disability, and increased mortality owing to early suicide and accidents, and later medical illnesses. There is growing awareness that bipolar depression is one of the greatest challenges in modern psychiatry. It is essential to differentiate various forms of depression, dysthymia, and dysphoric mixed states of bipolar disorders from the clinical features of more common, unipolar major depressive disorders. In bipolar depression, antidepressant responses often are unsatisfactory, and these agents probably are overused. Emerging treatments, including several anticonvulsant and modern antipsychotic drugs, as well as lithiumalone or in selected combinationsare partially effective for bipolar depression. Interest in recognizing bipolar depression and seeking more effective, specific, and safer treatments for it are growing. © 2010 President and Fellows of Harvard College. ER  - 
Topiramate for anger control: A systematic review$$$ Background: Uncontrolled anger while being most commonly associated with personality disorders could also be part of many other conditions such as chronic low back ache and post-traumatic stress disorder. The intensity of anger as an emotional state at a particular time is known as "State Anger," whereas how often angry feelings are experienced over time is known as "Trait Anger." Anger could also manifest as expression of anger toward other persons or objects in the environment (Anger-Out), holding in or suppressing angry feelings (Anger-In) and controlling angry feelings by preventing the expression of anger toward other persons or objects in the environment or controlling suppressed angry feelings by calming down or cooling off (Anger Control). Objective: To prove the effectiveness of topiramate in the control of anger as compared to placebo and to disprove that its use leads to psychiatric adverse events by systematically reviewing the available randomized controlled trials. Materials and Methods: The basic search was performed in MEDLINE (1966 through November 2008) combined with the optimal search strategy for randomized controlled trials described in the Cochrane Reviewers′ Handbook. To update this search, we regularly screened citations from PubMed till November 2008 for eligible studies or reviews that might include eligible studies. The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) was searched using the terms "topiramate" and "anger or aggression." In addition, we screened bibliographies of reviews and identified articles. Randomized clinical trials wherein study participants were aggressive adults were included. Results: We could arrive at a weighted mean difference of -3.16 (-3.64 to -2.68) in State Anger. The reduction in the score was highest in borderline personality disorder (BPD) patients as compared to those with low back ache. Trait Anger dropped by -2.93 (-3.49 to -2.37), especially in female BPD patients. Anger In reduced more or less uniformly across the studies by -1.43 (-1.84 to -1.03). Anger Out decreased by -2.8 (-3.19 to -2.42). This effect was minimal among the male BPD patients. Anger Control uniformly increased across the four studies by 2.32 (2.00-2.64). There is sufficient evidence to suggest that topiramate is significantly effective in stabilizing the "trait anger" while reducing the "state anger." "Anger Out" and "hostility" were significantly reduced. "Anger In" was the feature that was the least affected, although this was significant. This suggests that topiramate is effective in controlling anger. There was no suggestion of topiramate precipitating psychomorbidity. Conclusions: Topiramate appears to be a safe and effective drug in the management of anger/aggression. Additional research is needed to determine whether these results can be reproduced and how long lasting are the benefits of long-term treatment with topiramate. ER  - 
Ginseng pharmacology: Multiple molecular targets and recent clinical trials$$$ Ginseng has been used as a folk medicine in Far East Asian countries for several thousand years. Recently, its use has also expanded to Western countries. A number of studies provide evidence for its various pharmacological properties, including antifertility, antidiabetic, antiobesity, antibacterial, antifungal, antiviral, antiulcer and neuroprotective effects. Ginseng and its constituents have demonstrated the ability to interact with multiple molecular targets affecting multistep processes in many diseases. Research revealed that ginseng and its constituents bind to a variety of proteins and inhibit the activity of various kinases. Ginseng also modulates the activity of various transcription factors, enzymes, receptors, ion channels, antiapoptotic proteins, adhesion molecules and others, including different cyclins. Various beneficial in vitro and in vivo effects in different pathological conditions have encouraged researchers to design clinical trials to investigate the safety, efficacy and pharmacokinetics of ginseng. The clinical trials have provided encouraging results, and a number of other trials are in progress. This study aims to review the various beneficial effects of ginseng in different pathological conditions. The multiple molecular targets for ginseng published in the literature during the past few years are included. Similarly, the completed or ongoing clinical trials for ginseng and its constituents are also summarized. Copyright © 2010 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Brain stimulation in psychiatry and its effects on cognition$$$ From the advent of electroconvulsive therapy in the 1930s to the emergence of magnetic seizure therapy in the 2000s, the refinement of brain stimulation in psychiatry has been largely motivated by a desire to achieve clinical efficacy and eliminate cognitive adverse effects. As a result of these efforts, a clinically efficacious brain stimulation technique that does not negatively affect cognition could soon be available. In the course of developing a 'cognitively safe' brain stimulation technique, potential methods to enhance various aspects of cognition have also emerged. In this article, we discuss the past, present and future of brain stimulation in psychiatry, and its effects on cognition. © 2010 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Epidural analgesia for labor and delivery$$$ A 30-year-old nulliparous woman at 39 weeks' gestation is undergoing induction of labor because of premature rupture of membranes. She is currently receiving an oxytocin infusion, and her cervical dilatation is 1 cm. Her obstetrician has ordered intermittent intravenous administration of fentanyl for pain relief, but she feels nauseated, has been unable to rest, and describes her pain as 9 on a scale of 10. The patient strongly prefers a vaginal delivery to cesarean delivery and is concerned that epidural analgesia may alter the progress of labor. The anesthesiologist is consulted to discuss the use of epidural analgesia during labor and delivery. Copyright © 2010 Massachusetts Medical Society. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Anticonvulsant medications and the risk of suicide, attempted suicide, or violent death$$$ Context: In 2008, the US Food and Drug Administration mandated warning labeling for anticonvulsant medications regarding the increased risk of suicidal thoughts and behaviors. The decision was based on a meta-analysis not sufficiently large to investigate individual drugs. Objective: To evaluate the risk of suicidal acts and combined suicidal acts or violent death associated with individual anticonvulsants. Design: A cohort study of the risk of suicidal acts and combined suicidal acts or violent death in patients beginning use of anticonvulsant medications compared with patients initiating a reference anticonvulsant drug. Setting and Patients: Patients 15 years and older from the HealthCore Integrated Research Database (HIRD) who began taking an anticonvulsant between July 2001 and December 2006. Main Outcome Measures: Cox proportional hazards models and propensity score - matched analyses were used to evaluate risk of attempted or completed suicide and combined suicidal acts or violent death, controlling for psychiatric comorbidities and other risk factors, among individual anticonvulsants compared with topiramate and secondarily carbamazepine. Results: The study identified 26 completed suicides, 801 attempted suicides, and 41 violent deaths in 297 620 new episodes of treatment with an anticonvulsant (overall median follow-up, 60 days). The incidence of the composite outcomes of completed suicides, attempted suicides, and violent deaths for anticonvulsants used in at least 100 treatment episodes ranged from 6.2 per 1000 person-years for primidone to 34.3 per 1000 person-years for oxcarbazepine. The risk of suicidal acts was increased for gabapentin (hazard ratio [HR], 1.42; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.11-1.80), lamotrigine (HR, 1.84; 95% CI, 1.43-2.37), oxcarbazepine (HR, 2.07; 95% CI, 1.52-2.80), tiagabine (HR, 2.41; 95% CI, 1.65-3.52), and valproate (HR, 1.65; 95% CI, 1.25-2.19), compared with topiramate. The analyses including violent death produced similar results. Gabapentin users had increased risk in subgroups of younger and older patients, patients with mood disorders, and patients with epilepsy or seizure when compared with carbamazepine. Conclusion: This exploratory analysis suggests that the use of gabapentin, lamotrigine, oxcarbazepine, and tiagabine, compared with the use of topiramate, may be associated with an increased risk of suicidal acts or violent deaths. ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Reporting bias in medical research - a narrative review$$$ Reporting bias represents a major problem in the assessment of health care interventions. Several prominent cases have been described in the literature, for example, in the reporting of trials of antidepressants, Class I anti-arrhythmic drugs, and selective COX-2 inhibitors. The aim of this narrative review is to gain an overview of reporting bias in the medical literature, focussing on publication bias and selective outcome reporting. We explore whether these types of bias have been shown in areas beyond the well-known cases noted above, in order to gain an impression of how widespread the problem is. For this purpose, we screened relevant articles on reporting bias that had previously been obtained by the German Institute for Quality and Efficiency in Health Care in the context of its health technology assessment reports and other research work, together with the reference lists of these articles.We identified reporting bias in 40 indications comprising around 50 different pharmacological, surgical (e.g. vacuum-assisted closure therapy), diagnostic (e.g. ultrasound), and preventive (e.g. cancer vaccines) interventions. Regarding pharmacological interventions, cases of reporting bias were, for example, identified in the treatment of the following conditions: depression, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, anxiety disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, Alzheimer's disease, pain, migraine, cardiovascular disease, gastric ulcers, irritable bowel syndrome, urinary incontinence, atopic dermatitis, diabetes mellitus type 2, hypercholesterolaemia, thyroid disorders, menopausal symptoms, various types of cancer (e.g. ovarian cancer and melanoma), various types of infections (e.g. HIV, influenza and Hepatitis B), and acute trauma. Many cases involved the withholding of study data by manufacturers and regulatory agencies or the active attempt by manufacturers to suppress publication. The ascertained effects of reporting bias included the overestimation of efficacy and the underestimation of safety risks of interventions. In conclusion, reporting bias is a widespread phenomenon in the medical literature. Mandatory prospective registration of trials and public access to study data via results databases need to be introduced on a worldwide scale. This will allow for an independent review of research data, help fulfil ethical obligations towards patients, and ensure a basis for fully-informed decision making in the health care system.© 2010 McGauran et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical experience with open-Label topiramate use in epileptic children with CNS anomalies$$$ Purpose: To investigate the effectiveness and tolerability of topiramate (TPM) in treating children with CNS anomalies and intractable epilepsy. Methods: We retrospectively searched the patient database in National Taiwan University Hospital for candidate children (younger than 18 years of age) with epilepsy and CNS anomalies from December 2002 to February 2004. The effectiveness and possible side effects of TPM were evaluated by questionnaire. Results: Twenty-two children (9 males, 13 females) aged from five months to fourteen years were enrolled in the present study. Underlying CNS anomalies were proliferation disorders (n=10), migration/organization disorders (n=10), and neurocutaneous syndromes (n=2). Types of epilepsy at TPM add-on were symptomatic partial epilepsy (n=11), infantile spasms (n=7), and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (n=4). During the follow-up periods of six to 30 months, eight patients (36%) had more than 50% reduction of seizures and four patients (18%) were seizure–free. The average dosages of TPM ranged from 2.5 to 25 mg/kg/day. Patients with proliferation disorders or infantile spasms responded better to TPM therapy. The most common side effect was oligohidrosis (n=9, 41%). Conclusion: TPM is a safe and promising add-on anticonvulsant for epileptic children with CNS anomalies. Hypohidrosis is one of the major side effects of TPM treatment. ER  - 
Lithium is still a first-line option in the treatment of patients with bipolar disorder$$$ Lithium is considered a first-line mood stabilizer in patients with bipolar disorder. However, its narrow therapeutic range and association with a wide range of adverse effects has resulted in a recent decrease in the use of lithium and an increase in the use of other agents. This article briefly summarizes the clinical evidence supporting the use of lithium in this indication. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of viral hepatitis B in children$$$ Importance of the field: Treatment of chronic hepatitis B (CHB) in children is aimed at reducing viral replication and at minimizing liver injury and related consequences in children with chronic active viral liver infection. Areas covered in this review: In this review, treatment options available for both adults and children are summarized, together with suggestions from our own experience. The most relevant works published between 1982 and 2009 on PubMed/Medline database search were used. What the reader will gain: At present, standardized treatment is available in only a few therapeutic options, such as IFN-α and lamivudine; it is hoped that these will be complemented in the future by new, encouraging drugs still under study in pediatric age patients. Moreover, current treatment approaches have their limitations: although IFN-α has been shown to be effective in patients with non-vertically- transmitted infection, HBeAg clearance while on treatment is similar to spontaneous seroconversion after long-term follow-up. IFN-α-induced side effects are frequent rarely severe in children. Lamivudine achieves similar results in children with active viral replication. However, despite good compliance to oral administration, this treatment can lead to the development of drug-resistant mutations. Take home message: In conclusion, the decision to treat CHB in children demands that the possibility of favorable spontaneous viral clearance has been considered and must be made on the bases of the extent of liver damage. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Erythropoietin for infants with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy$$$ Purpose of review: Perinatal asphyxia, intraventricular hemorrhage and stroke are common causes of neonatal brain injury, with hypoxia-ischemia as the final common pathway of injury. Erythropoietin (Epo) has potential to lessen neurologic sequelae due to hypoxia-ischemia. The purpose of this review is to highlight new clinical trials and experimental evidence that expand our understanding of Epo as a potential treatment for perinatal brain injury. Recent findings: Several trials of Epo treatment are reviewed: two phase I/II trials of high-dose Epo given to preterm infants established pharmacokinetic and safety profiles, and a trial of Epo treatment for term infants with moderate hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy found reduced disability. Potential risks and benefits of high-dose Epo are discussed. New evidence related to Epo receptor expression, signal transduction pathways, and mechanisms of neuroprotection are reviewed. Summary: Cautious optimism is warranted regarding the use of high-dose Epo as a treatment option for neonatal brain injury. To date, Epo has been well tolerated to use in neonatal populations and now studies of neuroprotective efficacy are underway. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health. ER  - 
Co-morbid bipolar and alcohol use disorders: A treatment-focused review$$$ Co-morbid bipolar and alcohol use disorders are common, difficult to properly diagnose, and associated with poor outcome. The present article concisely reviews the diagnosis, epidemiology, consequences, and neurobiological similarities among individuals with dual diagnoses and reviews the pharmacological and psychosocial treatment of bipolar and alcohol use disorders both alone and in combination. Evidence for the efficacy of treatments for individuals with dual diagnoses (i.e., divalproex, atypical antipsychotics, naltrexone, cognitive-behavioral therapy, and integrated group therapy) is discussed, and areas for future treatment development and evaluation are identified. Copyright © Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. ER  - 
Psychiatric concerns in pediatric epilepsy$$$ Pediatric epilepsy is a common, chronic, and challenging physical illness for children and their families. This article provides a medical overview and discusses the cognitive functioning and psychosocial adjustment as well as the psychiatric management for children and adolescents with pediatric epilepsy. The management of these children involves establishing a collaborative health care approach, evaluating academic functioning, considering psychotherapy, and managing psychopharmacologic treatment. A thorough understanding of the biopsychosocial concerns in pediatric epilepsy can enable medical providers and mental health clinicians to promote resiliency and adaptation in children and their families facing troubling seizure disorders. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Psychopharmacology of aggression in children and adolescents with primary neuropsychiatric disorders: A review of current and potentially promising treatment options$$$ Research examining the role of pharmacological therapy in the treatment of children and adolescents with clinical disorders is growing. Clinical disorders that present with comorbid aggression can add a challenge to treatment. Child and adolescent neuropsychiatric disorders associated with aggression include attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, various mood disorders and in particular bipolar disorders/pediatric mania, schizophrenia, mental retardation, oppositional defiant disorder, conduct disorder, and autism spectrum disorders. This review describes the psychopharmacy to treat these disorders and the aggression that often appears comorbidly. Existing literature regarding the efficacy and safety of psychotropics for youth with neuropsychiatric disorders also is discussed. In addition, general guidelines for psychopharmacy of aggression in children and adolescents are presented. Studies reviewed in this article provide evidence for the use of psychostimulants, alpha-2 agonists, beta blockers, lithium, anticonvulsant mood-stabilizers, atypical antipsychotics, traditional antipsychotics, and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in treating pediatric aggression with the choice of medication dependent on symptomology. Despite increased support for pediatric psychotropic use, there is a need for more long-term safety and efficacy studies of existing medications and newer, safer, and more effective agents with fewer side effects for the pharmacological treatment of all childhood disorders in which aggression is prominent. © 2010 American Psychological Association. ER  - 
Nonopioid analgesic pipeline: Pharmacology, safety, tolerability, and potential advantages over established agents$$$ Background: The currently available nonopioid analgesics to treat chronic pain have limited efficacy, end-organ consequences, and dose-limiting adverse effects. In this article, the pharmacodynamics, pharmacokinetics, indications, and side effects of the following newer nonopioid agents are discussed: transdermal bupivicaine, milnacipran, lacosamide, and capsaicin. Moreover, the efficacy of these medications is compared with that of the established agents. Methods: To determine the efficacy of the newer agents (as mentioned above), literature review of randomized, controlled trials, Cochrane database reviews, clinical trials, and pharmaceutical data were performed. Pharmacokinetics, indications, and side effects of these medications were reviewed. Outcome measures focusing on improvement in severity of pain, quality of life, and occurrence of adverse events were also assessed. Results: The newer agents do provide clinicians with new nonopioid options in the treatment of chronic pain. They especially have a role in the challenging treatment of chronic neuropathic pain. These agents still have significant associated adverse effects that clinicians should be familiar with prior to initiation of therapy. Conclusions: Randomized, controlled, blinded, head-to-head studies of the newer versus the established agents still need to be published. The results of the current clinical trials of these newer agents suggest that they may provide additional pain relief and possible improvement in quality of life above that received by current established agents. ER  - 
AMPA receptors and pain-A future therapeutic intervention?$$$ AMPA receptors are excitatory glutamate receptors that are critical for synaptic transmission. Not surprisingly, they serve an important function at the synapse between a peripheral nociceptive neuron and a dorsal horn neuron in the spinal cord. Furthermore, a subset of AMPA receptors, calcium permeable AMPA receptors, by allowing calcium influx, is capable of activating calcium-dependent signaling pathways. The activation of these signaling pathways, in turn, leads to long-term changes at the spinal synapses and may even play a role in central sensitization. Several antagonists for AMPA receptors have been developed for preclinical studies of stroke, seizure, amyotropic lateral sclerosis, Alzheimer's disease, addiction, and pain. Many of these agents have shown promise as potential targeted therapeutic interventions for these diseases, and clinical trials are ongoing for many specific AMPA antagonists. In the near future, these AMPA antagonists may emerge as newer analgesics with fewer side effects. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus: Iranian experience$$$ Aims: To evaluate the prevalence and characteristics of different neurological and psychiatric presentations in patients admitted to hospital with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Materials and Methods: In this retrospective hospital-based study, we examined the medical records of patients with SLE who were referred to the hospitals affiliated to Shiraz University of Medical Sciences from 1995 to 2005. All patients of SLE who had clinical neurological or psychiatric features were included in this study. The patients' demographic data, findings on general examination, neuropsychiatric manifestations, and the results of laboratory investigations and imaging studies were recorded. Clinical manifestations were classified according to the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) case definitions. Results: Of the 407 study patients, 11.3% had neuropsychiatric complications. The most frequent findings were seizure (63%), headache (60%), and decreased level of consciousness (50%). Cerebrovascular disease (28.3%), seizure disorder (26.5%), and acute confusional state (19.6%) were the most prevalent syndromes. Conclusion: The prevalence and nature of different neurological presentations of SLE in Iranian patients has some similarities to that seen in other populations, as well as some differences. Ethnic and environmental factors may contribute to these differences. ER  - 
Zonisamide: A new drug for Parkinson's disease$$$ Zonisamide, a benzisoxazole derivative, is an antiepileptic drug with a long half-life. Three nationwide, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies carried out in Japan prompted the approval of zonisamide as an antiparkinsonian agent in early 2009. The addition of zonisamide at 25-50 mg/day to currently used antiparkinsonian drugs significantly improved cardinal symptoms in patients with advanced Parkinson's disease. The effects were maintained over more than 1 year even in patients with advanced disease. Zonisamide has multiple modes of action, and its effects on Parkinson's disease include activation of dopamine synthesis, inhibition of monoamine oxidase, inhibition of T-type calcium channels and inhibition of an indirect pathway in the basal ganglia through the δ opioid receptor. Furthermore, zonisamide exhibits neuroprotective effects in animal models of Parkinson's disease. It strongly inhibits quinoprotein formation and markedly increases glutathione S-transferase levels in the striatum by enhancing the astroglial cysteine transport system and/or astroglial proliferation via S100β production and secretion. Copyright © 2010 Prous Science, S.A U or its licensors All rights reserved. ER  - 
Recent advances in adjunctive therapy for epilepsy: Focus on sodium channel blockers as third-generation antiepileptic drugs$$$ Voltage-gated sodium channel blockers like phenytoin and carbamazepine have long been used in the treatment of epilepsy. Brain sodium channels continue to be an important target of many newer second-generation (fosphenytoin, oxcarbazepine, lamotrigine, felbamate, topiramate, zonisamide) and third-generation (eslicarbazepine, brivaracetam, carisbamate, fluorofelbamate, elpetrigine, lacosamide, rufinamide, safinamide, vinpocetine) antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Some of the newer drugs show either state-dependent antiepileptic action or sodium channel subtype selectivity, although most agents do not differentiate between these channel subtypes. The present review highlights the preclinical and clinical efficacy, pharmacokinetics, drug interactions and adverse event profiles. It also addresses AED selection of sodium channel blockers that constitutes the third generation of AEDs. Copyright © 2010 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Medical, social and societal issues in infants with Abusive head trauma$$$ Abusive head trauma (AHT) is the leading cause of death from traumatic brain injury in under 2 year olds. AHT presents with acute encephalopathy, subdural hemorrhages and retinal hemorrhages occurring in the context of an inappropriate or inconsistent history. We retrospectively analyzed, over a 10 year period, admissions and transfers to our hospital with suspected AHT to assess patterns of presentation, presenting symptoms, investigations, subsequent confirmation, social work input and both neurological and social outcomes. We analyzed all suspected AHT infants and children looking for the time of presentation, presenting symptoms, caregivers concerns prior to presentation, a family profile including stressors, investigations (in particular neuroradiology and ophthalmology assessments), treatment in hospital, length of stay in hospital, social work involvement, subsequent discharge, neurological outcome and subsequent social work follow up. Data was collected from the hospital HIPE system, RIS (radiology reports system) and records from the social work department from a period October 1998 to January 2009 inclusive. Of 22 patients with confirmed AHT, ages ranged from 1 to 54 months with a median of 4 months and a mean of 7 months and a male:female ratio of 3:1. Eighteen were Irish and 4 came from non-Irish backgrounds. Six of the male partners were not the biological fathers. The most common symptoms were seizures and irritability followed by vomiting, poor feeding, a bulging fontanelle and lethargy. The father was the sole minder in 5 cases. There was a delayed history in 4 cases. One had multiple visits to his GP. All cases had subdural hemorrhages proven by either CT or MRI scans and retinal hemorrhages diagnosed by ophthalmology. One infant presented with a torn frenulum. Four had suspicious bruising. All had normal coagulation profiles, skeletal surveys and extensive metabolic tests. Hospital stays ranged from 1 to 124 days (the median was 28 days and mean 33 days). Ten (45%) infants required ventilatory support. Sixteen infants had social work involvement within 4 days of admission (7 of these were interviewed immediately). Outcomes after case conferences were that 6 returned home with parents, 9 were placed in foster care. Four parents (18%) admitted to shakng their infants. There was 1 death. Thirteen (60%) were normal on follow up. Two had ADHD. Two had language delay. Two had motor delay. One criminal prosecution has ensued as yet. Children with suspected AHT should undergo appropriate investigations which should include brain imaging, ophthalmic examination, skeletal survey and blood investigations. Early social work assessment is a priority as part of the multidisciplinary approach. A prospective national study of AHT is required. ER  - 
Unintentional Ingestion of Bupropion in Children$$$ Background: The incidence of seizures after unintentional bupropion ingestion in children aged < 6 years has been reported as 0.2%. However, in many poison centers, > 80% of these patients are referred to the Emergency Department (ED) for evaluation. Objective: To evaluate if all unintentional pediatric bupropion ingestions require referral to a health care facility (HCF), or what fraction of these could be managed safely at home. Method: A retrospective chart review was conducted of all bupropion ingestions in children aged < 6 years for 2000-2006 from four regional poison centers. Exclusion criteria were lack of follow-up or multiple drug ingestion. Results: Of 407 patients, 209 (51%) were male. Mean age was 2.2 years (SD ± 1.0). There were 329 patients (81%) seen in a HCF, of which 143 (35%) were hospitalized; 77 patients (19%) were observed at home. Symptoms occurred in 73 patients (18%): sinus tachycardia (n = 50), nausea/vomiting (n = 32), hyperactivity (n = 17), seizure (n = 3), hallucinations (n = 2), and hypertension (n = 2). The mean heart rate of patients with sinus tachycardia (n = 50, 12.3%) was 137 beats/min (SD ± 13), with a range of 112-172 beats/min. Mean dosage of those with tachycardia was 24 mg/kg. In the 2 patients with hypertension, the maximum recorded blood pressures were 145/80 mm Hg (2-year-old boy) and 137/90 mm Hg (2-year-old girl), with heart rates of 122 and 125 beats/min, respectively. Dose ingested and patient weight was known for 218 patients. Mean dosage ingested was 12.2 mg/kg, with a range of 2.6-64 mg/kg. Eighty-eight percent of patients with a known dosage ingested < 20 mg/kg. Discussion: A high percentage of children continue to be seen in a HCF. Concern from the higher incidence of severe effects seen with intentional adult exposures may be one of the reasons for this cautious approach. Conclusion: Unintentional pediatric bupropion ingestions resulted in clinical effects that rarely required any HCF intervention. Isolated unintentional bupropion ingestion of ≤ 10 mg/kg may not require referral to a health care facility. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treating attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder beyond symptom control alone in children and adolescents: A review of the potential benefits of long-acting stimulants$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), one of the most common neuropsychiatric conditions of childhood, often has a chronic course and persists into adulthood in many individuals. ADHD may have a clinically important impact on health-related quality of life in children, a significant impact on parents' emotional health and interfere with family activities/cohesion. To date, the main targets of ADHD treatment have focused on reducing the severity of symptoms during the school day and improving academic performance. However, the treatment of ADHD should reach beyond symptom control to address the issues of social competencies and improvement of health-related quality of life from the perspectives of individuals with ADHD and their families, to support them in reaching their full developmental potential. Methylphenidate (MPH) is recognised as the first-line choice of pharmacotherapy for ADHD in children and adolescents. This paper focuses on the importance and benefits to child development of ADHD symptom control beyond the school day only, i.e. extending into late afternoon and evening and uses the example of an extended-release MPH formulation (OROS® MPH) to demonstrate the potential benefits of active full day coverage (12 h) with a single daily dose. Concerns of long-term stimulant treatment are also discussed. © 2009 The Author(s). ER  - 
Magnesium for treatment-resistant depression: A review and hypothesis$$$ Sixty percent of cases of clinical depression are considered to be treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Magnesium-deficiency causes N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) coupled calcium channels to be biased towards opening, causing neuronal injury and neurological dysfunction, which may appear to humans as major depression. Oral administration of magnesium to animals led to anti-depressant-like effects that were comparable to those of strong anti-depressant drugs. Cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) magnesium has been found low in treatment-resistant suicidal depression and in patients that have attempted suicide. Brain magnesium has been found low in TRD using phosphorous nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, an accurate means for measuring brain magnesium. Blood and CSF magnesium do not appear well correlated with major depression. Although the first report of magnesium treatment for agitated depression was published in 1921 showing success in 220 out of 250 cases, and there are modern case reports showing rapid terminating of TRD, only a few modern clinical trials were found. A 2008 randomized clinical trial showed that magnesium was as effective as the tricyclic anti-depressant imipramine in treating depression in diabetics and without any of the side effects of imipramine. Intravenous and oral magnesium in specific protocols have been reported to rapidly terminate TRD safely and without side effects. Magnesium has been largely removed from processed foods, potentially harming the brain. Calcium, glutamate and aspartate are common food additives that may worsen affective disorders. We hypothesize that - when taken together - there is more than sufficient evidence to implicate inadequate dietary magnesium as the main cause of TRD, and that physicians should prescribe magnesium for TRD. Since inadequate brain magnesium appears to reduce serotonin levels, and since anti-depressants have been shown to have the action of raising brain magnesium, we further hypothesize that magnesium treatment will be found beneficial for nearly all depressives, not only TRD. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Lacosamide intoxication in attempted suicide$$$ The anticonvulsant drug lacosamide selectively enhances slow inactivation of voltage-gated sodium channels and has been shown to be an effective add-on treatment for partial-onset seizures. Common adverse events (frequency ≥10%) of lacosamide doses up to 600. mg/day include nonspecific central nervous system effects (e.g., dizziness, ataxia, diplopia, and somnolence). There are no human data regarding the safety of very high dosages of lacosamide. We report the clinical course of a patient with bitemporal epilepsy who ingested 12. g of lacosamide, 56. g of gabapentin, 2. g of topiramate, and 2.8. g of zonisamide during a suicide attempt. The patient was found comatose and experienced repeated generalized tonic-clonic seizures, aspiration with subsequent pneumonia, hypotension, and an increase in PR interval. Complete physical recovery occurred after several days of supportive treatment. We conclude that intoxication with lacosamide, in combination with overdoses of multiple AEDs, can be survived without sequelae, even after ingestion of 12. g lacosamide. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Atypical behavioural effects of lorazepam: Clues to the design of novel therapies?$$$ Aside from their pharmacokinetic properties, e.g. their speed of action and the duration of residual effects, benzodiazepines are still considered as equivalent in terms of their effects on cognition. Here we review evidence suggesting that certain benzodiazepines, especially lorazepam, differ in a number of respects, in particular with respect to their effects on cognition. We focus this review on memory, attention and visual perception, where impairments may be brought about by only a subset of benzodiazepines in spite of their administration at doses inducing similar sedative effects. This precludes an explanation in terms of sedation. Differences in the effects of benzodiazepines have also been found in electrophysiological and animal behavioural studies. These studies are important for therapeutic approaches for two reasons: first, effects of benzodiazepine prescription on cognitive functions will differ according to the benzodiazepine, contrary to what is usually believed. Less straightforwardly are the possible therapeutic implications of specific effects on cognition following treatment with lorazepam. Indeed, the specific effects this drug has on cognition may reveal not only side-effects but also effects of potential therapeutic value. Current research concentrates on a fine scale analysis of the effects of GABA on different sub-types of GABAA receptors. We suggest that from looking at what makes lorazepam different in a behavioural sense from other benzodiazepines we may be in a position to design innovative treatments for major aspects of complex disorders, including schizophrenia. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Levetiracetam, lamotrigine, and phenobarbital in patients with epileptic seizures and Alzheimer's disease$$$ The objective of the study described here was to evaluate the efficacy, tolerability, and cognitive effects of levetiracetam (LEV) in patients with seizures and Alzheimer's disease (AD). This was a prospective, randomized, three-arm parallel-group, case-control study of 95 patients taking LEV (n=38), phenobarbital (PB) (n=28), and lamotrigine (LTG) (n=29). A 4-week dose adjustment was followed by a 12-month evaluation period. The three groups were compared to a control group (n=68) to evaluate cognitive effects of the antiepileptic drugs. We examined drug effects cross-sectionally at baseline, 6. months, and 12. months. There were no significant differences in efficacy among the three AEDs. LEV caused fewer adverse events than the other AEDs. PB produced persistent negative cognitive side effects. LEV was associated with improved cognitive performance, specifically attention level and oral fluency items. LTG had a better effect on mood. LEV had a benign neuropsychological side effect profile, making it a cognitively safe drug to use for controlling established seizures in elderly patients with Alzheimer's disease. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
A prospective audit of adjunctive zonisamide in an everyday clinical setting$$$ This audit examined outcomes for 203 patients prescribed zonisamide (ZNS) for various uncontrolled seizure types at a specialist outpatient service. Forty-two (20.7%) patients achieved 6. months of seizure freedom, and an additional 37 (18.2%) had a ≥50% seizure reduction for 6. months on a stable ZNS dose. Seizure freedom was more likely in patients with primary generalized (24/61, 39%) than in those with partial-onset (18/141, 12.7%) seizures (P<0.001). Eight patients (5 seizure free) were maintained on ZNS monotherapy. More patients became seizure free with ZNS as monotherapy or first add-on, compared with those in whom ZNS was the second, third, or fourth adjunctive drug (P=0.001). Seizure freedom was less likely in patients treated with hepatic enzyme-inducing agents (13/113, 11.5%) than in those receiving noninducing AEDs (24/82, 29.3%) (P=0.002). ZNS was discontinued in 72 (35.5%) patients largely because of side effects (n=58, 28.6%). Commonest complaints leading to withdrawal were sedation (n=14), nausea and vomiting (n=13), neuropsychiatric symptoms (n=12), rash (n=6), and weight loss (n=6). Around 80% of patients who became seizure free on ZNS or had the drug withdrawn did so on a dose ≤200. mg. ZNS is an effective broad-spectrum AED that can also produce a range of dose-dependent and idiosyncratic side effects. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Emerging molecular therapies of advanced thyroid cancer$$$ Advanced thyroid cancer refers to thyroid tumors which are resistant to conventional therapies and do not respond to radioiodine and comprises metastatic or recurrent differentiated cancers, poorly differentiated and anaplastic tumors. Progress in the knowledge of genetic/epigenetic alterations in thyroid cancer cells is rapidly offering several opportunities to develop new drugs directed to specific targets.Drugs currently proposed for molecular therapy include: (a) monoclonal antibodies; (b) kinase inhibitors; (c) anti-angiogenetic drugs; (d) proteasome inhibitors; (e) retinoic acid and PPAR-γ ligands; (f) radionuclide therapy; (g) epigenetic drugs (deacetylase inhibitors and demethylating agents). The results of several phase II trials using molecular drugs look promising. None of the treated patients, however, had a complete response, and only a minority of them had a partial response.The review will focus especially on epigenetic therapy, whose goal is to target the chromatin in rapidly dividing tumor cells and potentially restore normal cell functions. Deacetylases inhibitors modulate both epigenetic and multiple non-epigenetic mechanisms; they are, thus, viewed as a promising class of anticancer drugs. Experimental data show that deacetylase inhibitors are effective against advanced thyroid cancer.However, since multiple pathways need to be inhibited in order to substantially affect thyroid cancer growth, it is likely that a significant increase in the response rate to treatment of advanced thyroid cancer will be achieved through combinatorial drug therapies. Actually, many pre-clinical and clinical studies evaluate the combination of either two epigenetic drugs or a non-epigenetic chemotherapeutic and an epigenetic drug, in the effort to increase response rates. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Strategies for optic nerve rescue and regeneration in glaucoma and other optic neuropathies$$$ Glaucoma is the most common age-related optic nerve disease and also the most common neuropathy, affecting ∼60 million people worldwide in its most common forms. This figure is expected to rise to 80 million by 2020. Glaucoma is a neurodegenerative disease in which various triggers induce cascades of secondary events, which ultimately lead to apoptotic retinal ganglion cell (RGC) death. The main risk factor for glaucomatous nerve damage is raised pressure in the eye. Understanding the cascades mediating optic nerve damage enables the development of new, neuroprotective treatment strategies that might not only target the initial insult but also prevent or delay secondary neurodegeneration. Furthermore, neuroregeneration and repopulation of the visual pathway by stem or neural precursor cells is becoming possible. Increasing understanding of the pathways involved in directed axon growth and manipulation of stem and progenitor cells towards an RGC fate have facilitated first successes in animal models of glaucoma. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
From TADS and SOFTADS to TORDIA and Beyond: What's new in the treatment of adolescent depression?$$$ Major depressive disorder in adolescents is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Major advances have been made in recent years in the treatment of adolescent depression, with promising outcomes. However, limitations of currently available treatments have prompted attempts to better understand pediatric depression from a broader perspective and to develop more effective treatment strategies in the future. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010. ER  - 
Acute confusional state in patients with non-convulsive status epilepticus$$$ Purpose: To present non-convulsive status epilepticus in elderly patients who also manifested acute confusional state, which was properly diagnosed only after a few days of different diagnostic explorations. Method: this retrospective study included 4500 outpatients recorded in EEG laboratory of CHC Zvezdara from 2006 to 2008. Results: During three year-period, we have found eight cases of non-convulsive status epilepticus. Three patients had epilepsy, two of them were de novo cases (EEG recorded five days after referral to EEG laboratory), one patients with leukemia (EEG was performed three days after referral to EEG laboratory by neurologist), one patient each with stroke, alcoholism and Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome (EEG performed 3 weeks after referral to EEG laboratory by neurologist), three patients with neuroinfections (EEG performed two days after referral to EEG laboratory by neurologist). Conclusions: Acute confused state in neurological patients is commonly caused by particular organic condition in brain which is often thought of more frequently than non-convulsive status epilepticus. Therefore, diagnostic difficulties are common and clinicians should consider the non-convulsive status epilepticus, because it is potentially reversible. ER  - 
The pharmacological management of agitated patients in emergency psychiatric hospitals in Rio de Janeiro - Brazil: The results of two pragmatic randomized clinical trials$$$ Background: In Brazil the combination of haloperidol plus promethazine is frequently used (>80%) for agitated and violent patients. TREC trials (Rapid Tranquillisation Clinical Trial [translated from Portuguese]) were designed to determine the relative value of this combination. Methods: Design, Setting, and Patients Two randomised, pragmatic, open trials in three psychiatric emergency rooms in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Patients requiring urgent IM sedation because of agitation and/or dangerous behavior. Interventions TREC-Rio-1 (ISRCTN44153243) haloperidol 5-10 mg IM plus promethazine up to 50 mg IM compared with midazolam (up to 15 mg). TREC-Rio-2 (ISRCTN83261243) haloperidol 5-10 mg IM plus promethazine up to 50 mg IM compared with haloperidol 5-10 mg IM. Doses were at discretion of prescribing clinician. Outcome Measures Primary outcome, chosen by the staff of the emergency rooms: proportion of patients tranquil or asleep by 20 minutes. Secondary outcomes: tranquil or asleep by 40, 60 and 120 minutes, physically restrained or given additional medication within 2 hours, severe adverse events, another episode of agitation/aggression, additional visit from the doctor during the subsequent 24 hours, overall antipsychotic load in the first 24 hours and still in hospital after 2 weeks. Results: TREC-Rio-1 - 151 patients were randomised to midazolam, and 150 to the haloperidol-promethazine mix. Primary outcome available for 298 (99%), 73% of whom were thought to have a psychotic illness. Patients allocated midazolam were more likely to be tranquil or asleep by 20 minutes compared with those receiving haloperidol-promethazine IM (RR 1.32 95%CI 1.16 to 1.49, NNT 5 95%CI 3-8). By 40 minutes, midazolam still had a statistically and clinically significant 13% relative advantage but after 1 hour, about 90% of both groups were tranquil or asleep. One important adverse event occurred in each group: a patient given midazolam had transient respiratory depression, and one given haloperidol-promethazine had a grande mal seizure. TREC-Rio-2 - 160 patients were randomised to haloperidol-promethazine and 156 to haloper-idol alone. The Data Monitoring Committee advised that the study should be stopped after they saw the results of the interim analysis. Primary outcome data available for 311 (98.4%), 77% of whom were thought to have a psychotic illness. Patients allocated haloperidol-promethazine were more likely to be tranquil or asleep by 20 minutes compared with those receiving haloperidol IM alone (RR 1.30 95% CI 1.10-1.55, NNT 6 95% CI 4-16). There were no differences after 20 minutes. There were, however, ten cases of acute dystonia, all in the haloperidol alone group. Discussion: Haloperidol-promethazine is a better option than haloper-idol alone in terms of speed of onset of action and safety. Compared to midazolam, both treatments were effective. Midazolam was more rapidly sedating than haloperidol-promethazine, reducing the time people are exposed to aggression. Adverse effects and resources to deal with them should be considered in the choice of the treatment. There are now enough data to change guidelines and haloperidol alone should no longer be recommended. Trials evaluating new generation of antipsychotics should use haloperidol plus promethazine as a comparator. ER  - 
Recent advances in ECT and other brain stimulation techniques for treatment resistant depression$$$ Aims: To review recent clinical data with brain stimulation techniques for treatment resistant depression. Background: There has beenmuch interest and several newclinical breakthroughs in using brain stimulation techniques for treating depression, particularly treatment resistant depression (TRD). Methods: Using literature review and knowledge of still unpublished data, this talk critically reviews recent advances in using electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) for treating depression. All are now US FDA approved for this indication. I will also quickly cover recent and ongoing research studies involving magnetic seizure therapy (MST) and deep brain stimulation (DBS). Results: With ECT, new data demonstrate that shortening the pulse width of the electrical stimulus (ultrabrief pulsewidth) results in more localized seizures that are just as effective as traditional ECT, with markedly less cognitive deficits.1 Moreover, new studies have shown that continuing certain medications while receiving ECT improves the overall remission rate. For example, treatment with nortriptyline enhanced the efficacy and reduced the cognitive adverse effects of ECT relative to placebo. In contrast, venlafaxine resulted in a weaker degree of improvement and tended to worsen cognitive adverse effects.2 With VNS, an open-label study from Europe found response rates that were slightly better than a prior US study. Response rates of VNS as adjunct to stable medications were 53% after 1 year of VNS, and remission rates reached 33%.3 There is still no class I evidence of acute antidepressant efficacy however. With TMS, a recently completed NIH sponsored trial of 190 medication free resistant unipolar depressed patients (OPT-TMS) found that TMS produced significantly more remissions than did sham TMS (15% active, 5% sham). Other new developments suggest that a more anterior and lateral placement of the TMS coil results in more robust antidepressant responses.4 Open series and ongoing clinical trials suggest that MST, or DBS, may also eventually have clinical utility in treating depression, although these techniques are still investigational. Conclusions: The brain stimulation techniques are continuing to evolve and advance and provide new treatment options for patients with treatment resistant depression. ER  - 
An investigation into the genetic relationship between bipolar affective disorder and (idiopathic) epilepsy in a sub-Saharan African population$$$ Introduction: Bipolar affective disorders and epilepsy have been linked by investigations concerning their phenomenology, neurobiology and pharmacotherapy. One large Epidemiological study revealed that bipolar symptoms occurred in 12% of community based epilepsy patients, a rate of about seven times higher than normal controls. Little is known however, if these observations are epiphenomena of an underlying genetic substrate, the establishment of which is an important step in the understanding of these disorders, such that we can predict, prevent and effectively manage them. Aim: To determine if there is a genetic relationship between bipolar affective disorder and epilepsy. Method: Study design- A case control study assessing the prevalence of epilepsy among the first degree relatives of bipolar patients and, the prevalence of bipolar disorder among first degree relatives of epileptics compared to normal controls. Results: A total of 150 patients attending the out patient clinic between march and july 2009, were recruited for the study ( 40 bipolar, 60 epileptics and 50 healthy controls). It revealed a significantly high prevalence of epilepsy among the first degree relatives of bipolar patients compared with healthy controls; 15.2% vs 2.0% (X2=46.08, p<0.001). There was similarly high and significant prevalence of bipolar affective disorder in first degree relatives of epileptic patients compared with normal control; 14.5% vs 2.1% (X2=31.2, p<0.001). Discussion and conclusion: The biological links already noted by earlier studies between bipolar disorders and epilepsy seem to be strengthened by this findings of familial predisposition. This may be a prelude to other similar or, more advanced studies to establish a definite genetic link between these two important disorders. ER  - 
Prevalence of adolescent epileptic syndromes during treatment and monitoring of patients admitted to Venezuelan League Against Epilepsy (LIVECE) clinics$$$ Objective: The goal of this study was to investigate the prevalence of epileptic syndromes in adolescent patients attending LIVECE clinics according to ILAE criteria and other concurrent neurological diseases (migraine, schizophrenia and depression) using interviews indicated by the DSM-IV psychiatric disorders (SCID-I). Methods: A cross sectional study was conducted in 71 adolescents from all regions of both sexes aged between 12 and 18 who regularly attended LIVICE, between the years 2000 and 2009. The syndrome was diagnosed, treatment was indicated and the patient was followed up. EEGs, laboratory tests, and drug levels were performed. Results: With respect to gender, 39.7% of patients were female and 60.3% were male. Age at onset of seizures was 9.3 ± 4 years and age at first consultation was 14 ± 2 years; 87.8% were right dominant. Individuals with both epilepsy and mental retardation constituted 4.2%, and students constituted 34.3%. Possible causes of epilepsy were heredity in 36.6%, fetal distress in 11.3%, head injury in 1.4%, and pregnancy in 1.4%. Other neurological diseases included migraine in 26.76% and schizophrenia and depression in 1.4%. As for the different types of epilepsy, 8.45% had juvenile myoclonic epilepsy, 28.16% had focal motor epilepsy, 8.45% had focal epilepsy with vegetative symptoms, and 16.9% had absence seizures; secondarily generalized seizures break down into 29.8% probably temporal lobe, 7.04% complex partial, 4.44% partial, 1.4% temporal lobe complex crises, 1.4% partial visual hallucinatory crisis component, 25.3% tonicclonic, and 1% rolandic. To control the condition, 53.4% of patients required a single drug, 37.9% two drugs, and 8.7% three drugs; 4.2% of patients were drug resistant. Conclusions: (1) The study allowed us to obtain information on epileptic syndromes in adolescents in Venezuela. (2) The drugs prescribed in decreasing order were phenobarbital, valproic acid, carbamazepine, phenytoin, oxcarbazepine, topiramate, clonazepam, gabapentin and lamotrigine. (3) By the third consultation, only 7. 04% required three drugs, and by the fifth, just 4.2%, suggesting an improvement in the quality of life of these people. ER  - 
Self-injury in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and the risk of suicide$$$ Objective: The goal of this study was to evaluate self-injury in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) as a risk factor for suicidal behavior. Methods: We conducted a two-year retrospective study of 32 patients (28 women and 4 men, aged 18-60 years, mean 38.5) with PNES. Definitive diagnosis of PNES was established in all patients according to the clinical and inpatient video EEG findings. We did not include in our study patients with epilepsy as the comorbidity or patients who had only sensitive or subjective events. The information regarding the self injuries we obtained by taking the history from patients and their relatives, by reviewing their medical records or by recording the injuries during video-EEG monitoring. Results: Among our 32 patients with PNES, 14 (43%) had different injuries during their habitual seizures. The most common injury was head trauma (34%) and five patients (17%) had different types of injuries. We found that in those with depression as the psychiatric comorbid condition there were 8 (57%) patients with injuries and 7 (39%) patients without injuries (p < 0.05). However, among the subgroup of patients with self-injuries, three patients (21%) attempted suicide. We found no information on suicidal behavior among the subgroup of patients without self-injuries. Conclusions: We found in our patients with PNES, that self injuries, as a form of autodestructive behavior, could be a risk factor for suicidal tendencies. ER  - 
Piracetam and piracetam-like drugs: From basic science to novel clinical applications to CNS disorders$$$ There is an increasing interest in nootropic drugs for the treatment of CNS disorders. Since the last meta-analysis of the clinical efficacy of piracetam, more information has accumulated. The primary objective of this systematic survey is to evaluate the clinical outcomes as well as the scientific literature relating to the pharmacology, pharmacokineticspharmacodynamics, mechanism of action, dosing, toxicology and adverse effects of marketed and investigational drugs. The major focus of the literature search was on articles demonstrating evidence-based clinical investigations during the past 10 years for the following therapeutic categories of CNS disorders: (i) cognitionmemory; (ii) epilepsy and seizure; (iii) neurodegenerative diseases; (iv) strokeischaemia; and (v) stress and anxiety.In this article, piracetam-like compounds are divided into three subgroups based on their chemical structures, known efficacy and intended clinical uses. Subgroup 1 drugs include piracetam, oxiracetam, aniracetam, pramiracetam and phenylpiracetam, which have been used in humans and some of which are available as dietary supplements. Of these, oxiracetam and aniracetam are no longer in clinical use. Pramiracetam reportedly improved cognitive deficits associated with traumatic brain injuries. Although piracetam exhibited no long-term benefits for the treatment of mild cognitive impairments, recent studies demonstrated its neuroprotective effect when used during coronary bypass surgery. It was also effective in the treatment of cognitive disorders of cerebrovascular and traumatic origins; however, its overall effect on lowering depression and anxiety was higher than improving memory. As add-on therapy, it appears to benefit individuals with myoclonus epilepsy and tardive dyskinesia. Phenylpiracetam is more potent than piracetam and is used for a wider range of indications. In combination with a vasodilator drug, piracetam appeared to have an additive beneficial effect on various cognitive disabilities. Subgroup 2 drugs include levetiracetam, seletracetam and brivaracetam, which demonstrate antiepileptic activity, although their cognitive effects are unclear. Subgroup 3 includes piracetam derivatives with unknown clinical efficacies, and of these nefiracetam failed to improve cognition in post-stroke patients and rolipram is currently in clinical trials as an antidepressant. The remaining compounds of this subgroup are at various preclinical stages of research.The modes of action of piracetam and most of its derivatives remain an enigma. Differential effects on subtypes of glutamate receptors, but not the GABAergic actions, have been implicated. Piracetam seems to activate calcium influx into neuronal cells; however, this function is questionable in the light of findings that a persistent calcium inflow may have deleterious impact on neuronal cells. Although subgroup 2 compounds act via binding to another neuronal receptor (synaptic vesicle 2A), some of the subgroup 3 compounds, such as nefiracetam, are similar to those of subgroup 1. Based on calculations of the efficacy rates, our assessments indicate notable improvements in clinical outcomes with some of these agents.© 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Efficacy, safety and pharmacokinetic of once-daily boosted saquinavir (1500/100 mg) together with 2 nucleos(t)ide reverse transcriptase inhibitors in real life: A multicentre prospective study$$$ Background: Ritonavir-boosted saquinavir (SQVr) is nowadays regarded as an alternative antiretroviral drug probably due to several drawbacks, such as its high pill burden, twice daily dosing and the requirement of 200 mg ritonavir when given at the current standard 1000/100 mg bid dosing. Several once-daily SQVr dosing schemes have been studied with the 200 mg SQV old formulations, trying to overcome some of these disadvantages. SQV 500 mg strength tablets became available at the end of 2005, thus facilitating a once-daily regimen with fewer pills, although there is very limited experience with this formulation yet.Methods: Prospective, multicentre study in which efficacy, safety and pharmacokinetics of a regimen of once-daily SQVr 1500/100 mg plus 2 NRTIs were evaluated under routine clinical care conditions in either antiretroviral-naïve patients or in those with no previous history of antiretroviral treatments and/or genotypic resistance tests suggesting SQV resistance. Plasma SQV trough levels were measured by HPLV-UV.Results: Five hundred and fourteen caucasian patients were included (47.2% coinfected with hepatitis C and/or B virus; 7.8% with cirrhosis). Efficacy at 52 weeks (plasma RNA-HIV <50 copies/ml) was 67.7% (CI95: 63.6 - 71.7%) by intention-to-treat, and 92.2% (CI95: 89.8 - 94.6%) by on-treatment analysis. The reasons for failure were: dropout or loss to follow-up (18.4%), virological failure (7.8%), adverse events (3.1%), and other reasons (4.6%). The high rate of dropout may be explained by an enrollement and follow-up under routine clinical care condition, and a population with a significant number of drug users. The median SQV Cmin (n = 49) was 295 ng/ml (range, 53-2172). The only variable associated with virological failure in the multivariate analysis was adherence (OR: 3.36; CI95, 1.51-7.46, p = 0.003).Conclusions: Our results suggests that SQVr (1500/100 mg) once-daily plus 2 NRTIs is an effective regimen, without severe clinical adverse events or hepatotoxicity, scarce lipid changes, and no interactions with methadone. All these factors and its once-daily administration suggest this regimen as an appropriate option in patients with no SQV resistance-associated mutations. © 2010 López-Cortés et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs in Ophthalmology$$$ Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are increasingly employed in ophthalmology to reduce miosis and inflammation, manage scleritis, and prevent and treat cystoid macular edema associated with cataract surgery. In addition, they may decrease postoperative pain and photophobia associated with refractive surgery and may reduce the itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. In recent years, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved new topical NSAIDs, and previously approved NSAIDs have been reformulated. These additions and changes result in different pharmacokinetics and dosing intervals, which may offer therapeutic advantages. For example, therapeutic effects on diabetic retinopathy and age-related macular degeneration may now be achievable. We provide an updated review on NSAIDs and a summary of their current uses in ophthalmology with attention to potential future applications. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Ethosuximide, valproic acid, and lamotrigine in childhood absence epilepsy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood absence epilepsy, the most common pediatric epilepsy syndrome, is usually treated with ethosuximide, valproic acid, or lamotrigine. The most efficacious and tolerable initial empirical treatment has not been defined. METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial, we compared the efficacy, tolerability, and neuropsychological effects of ethosuximide, valproic acid, and lamotrigine in children with newly diagnosed childhood absence epilepsy. Drug doses were incrementally increased until the child was free of seizures, the maximal allowable or highest tolerable dose was reached, or a criterion indicating treatment failure was met. The primary outcome was freedom from treatment failure after 16 weeks of therapy; the secondary outcome was attentional dysfunction. Differential drug effects were determined by means of pairwise comparisons. RESULTS: The 453 children who were randomly assigned to treatment with ethosuximide (156), lamotrigine (149), or valproic acid (148) were similar with respect to their demographic characteristics. After 16 weeks of therapy, the freedom-from-failure rates for ethosuximide and valproic acid were similar (53% and 58%, respectively; odds ratio with valproic acid vs. ethosuximide, 1.26; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.80 to 1.98; P=0.35) and were higher than the rate for lamotrigine (29%; odds ratio with ethosuximide vs. lamotrigine, 2.66; 95% CI, 1.65 to 4.28; odds ratio with valproic acid vs. lamotrigine, 3.34; 95% CI, 2.06 to 5.42; P<0.001 for both comparisons). There were no significant differences among the three drugs with regard to discontinuation because of adverse events. Attentional dysfunction was more common with valproic acid than with ethosuximide (in 49% of the children vs. 33%; odds ratio, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.12 to 3.41; P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Ethosuximide and valproic acid are more effective than lamotrigine in the treatment of childhood absence epilepsy. Ethosuximide is associated with fewer adverse attentional effects. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00088452.) 2010 Massachusetts Medical Society ER  - 
Ethosuximide, valproic acid, and lamotrigine in childhood absence epilepsy$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood absence epilepsy, the most common pediatric epilepsy syndrome, is usually treated with ethosuximide, valproic acid, or lamotrigine. The most efficacious and tolerable initial empirical treatment has not been defined. METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial, we compared the efficacy, tolerability, and neuropsychological effects of ethosuximide, valproic acid, and lamotrigine in children with newly diagnosed childhood absence epilepsy. Drug doses were incrementally increased until the child was free of seizures, the maximal allowable or highest tolerable dose was reached, or a criterion indicating treatment failure was met. The primary outcome was freedom from treatment failure after 16 weeks of therapy; the secondary outcome was attentional dysfunction. Differential drug effects were determined by means of pairwise comparisons. RESULTS: The 453 children who were randomly assigned to treatment with ethosuximide (156), lamotrigine (149), or valproic acid (148) were similar with respect to their demographic characteristics. After 16 weeks of therapy, the freedom-from-failure rates for ethosuximide and valproic acid were similar (53% and 58%, respectively; odds ratio with valproic acid vs. ethosuximide, 1.26; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.80 to 1.98; P = 0.35) and were higher than the rate for lamotrigine (29%; odds ratio with ethosuximide vs. lamotrigine, 2.66; 95% CI, 1.65 to 4.28; odds ratio with valproic acid vs. lamotrigine, 3.34; 95% CI, 2.06 to 5.42; P<0.001 for both comparisons). There were no significant differences among the three drugs with regard to discontinuation because of adverse events. Attentional dysfunction was more common with valproic acid than with ethosuximide (in 49% of the children vs. 33%; odds ratio, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.12 to 3.41; P = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Ethosuximide and valproic acid are more effective than lamotrigine in the treatment of childhood absence epilepsy. Ethosuximide is associated with fewer adverse attentional effects. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00088452.) Copyright © 2010 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Pharmacologic Therapies for Obesity$$$ This article examines the transitions in pharmacological therapy for obesity. It reviews the current options approved by the Food and Drug Administration and several drugs approved for other indications that can be used to treat obesity as well. Because weight regulation is complex and redundant systems protect against perceived starvation, optimal treatment of obesity in individual patients will likely require different combinations of behavioral, nutritional, pharmacologic, endoscopic, and surgical therapies. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Risk factors of herpes zoster among children immunized with varicella vaccine: Results from a nested case-control study$$$ Background: Previous studies of varicella-zoster virus reactivation in children have provided little information on potential risk factors. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of race, chronic medical conditions and treatments, and recent vaccination, on the risk of herpes zoster (HZ) in children vaccinated with one dose of varicella vaccine. Methods: Case subjects were identified from a cohort of subjects who were members of the Southern California Kaiser Permanente Health Plan and received primary immunization with a single-antigen live varicella vaccine at age ≤12 years from 2002 to 2008. Control subjects free of HZ during the study period were matched at a 5:1 ratio to each case subject on date of birth and sex. Race information was obtained from membership files, health records, and phone interview. Immunization history, medical history, and health care utilization were identified from Southern California Kaiser Permanente Health Plan electronic records. Results: During this time, 122 children were diagnosed with HZ. With adjustment for the number of hospitalizations, outpatient visits, and length of time between vaccination with varicella vaccine and the onset of HZ, Black children were at lower risk of developing HZ than were White (OR=0.41, 95% CI=0.17-0.98) and Asian children (OR=0.30, 95% CI=0.11-0.84). Conclusions: These data suggest that the racial differences in the risk of developing HZ seen in adults are manifest in children as well. As children are not subject to the majority of factors hypothesized to underlie HZ in adults and as this study was conducted in a setting which affords equal access to health care, it is possible that genetic variation may explain some portion of varicella-zoster virus reactivation. © 2010 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Therapeutic approaches to age-related dementias: Rational search for effective drugs$$$ Dementia of the Alzheimer's type is a disease associated with age. As the life expectancy of the world population increases, the incidence of dementia is predicted to increase. Currently, very few medications are available that can be used to mitigate the symptoms of the disease. This symptomatic therapy is not optimal and is associated with variable outcomes and side effects. Furthermore, none of these drugs have been clearly proven to stop or prevent the development of the disease. To begin to seriously address the current poor situation of pharmacotherapeutic management of these devastating diseases, more research is required to understand the pathological changes associated with dementia and to rationally design, synthesize and test compounds with potential for more efficacyandfewerside effects and possibly, disease modifying actions. The ideal compounds would be those which, in addition to providing symptomatic relief, also slow down disease progression with minimal side effects. ER  - 
The effect of seizures on working memory and executive functioning performance$$$ The aim of this study was to assess whether duration of seizure disorder and lifetime seizure load are associated with deficits in higher cognitive functions in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) (N = 207) or psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) (N = 216). Multivariate regression analyses revealed that age at onset, duration, and group assignment were significant predictors of neuropsychological performance (all P ≤ 0.02), with group having a moderating relationship. Univariate analyses revealed different patterns of predictor effects on cognitive functioning within each diagnostic group. An impairment index was calculated for each individual, and univariate analyses revealed that age at TLE but not PNES onset was the only significant predictor of impairment (b = -0.005, P < 0.001). The results suggest that earlier age at seizure onset, longer duration, and higher lifetime seizure frequency affect cognitive functioning in both the TLE and PNES groups, but differently within each group. These results have implications for early diagnosis and intervention in both groups. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Does neuroimaging research examining the pathophysiology of posttraumatic stress disorder require medication-free patients?$$$ Background: In an attempt to avoid unknown influence, most neuroimaging studies examining the pathophysiology of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) exclude patients taking medications. Here we review the empirical evidence for relevant medications having a confounding effect on task performance or cerebral blood flow (CBF) in this population. The evidence for potentially confounding effects of psychotherapy in PTSD are also discussed. Methods: The literature that we reviewed was obtained through a PubMed search from 1980 to 2009 using the search terms posttraumatic stress disorder, PTSD, psychotropic medications, neuroimaging, functional magnetic resonance imaging, positron emission tomography, cerebral blood flow, CBF, serotonin-specific reuptake blocker, benzodiazepine, ketamine, methamphetamine, lamotrigine and atypical antipsychotic agents. Results: The empirical evidence for relevant medications having a confounding effect on task performance or CBF in relevant areas remains sparse for most psychotropic medications among patients with PTSD. However, considerable evidence is accumulating for 2 of the most commonly prescribed medication classes (serotonin-specific reuptake inhibitors and benzodiazepines) in healthy controls. Compelling data for the potentially confounding effects on brain areas relevant to PTSD for psychotherapeutic interventions are also accumulating. Conclusion: Neuroimaging studies examining the pathophysiology of PTSD should ideally recruit both medicated (assuming that the medication treatment has not resulted in the remission of symptoms) and unmedicated participants, to allow the findings to be generalized with greater confidence to the entire population of patients with PTSD. More research is needed into the independent effects of medications on task performance and CBF in regions of interest in PTSD. Neuroimaging studies should also take into account whether patients are currently engaged in psychotherapeutic treatment. © 2010 Canadian Medical Association. ER  - 
28th annual JPMorgan healthcare conference - Exelixis and nektar therapeutics$$$ The JPMorgan Healthcare Conference, held in San Francisco, included presentations by various pharmaceutical companies summarizing their achievements in 2009 and expectations for 2010. This conference report highlights presentations from Exelixis Inc and Nektar Therapeutics. Investigational drugs from Exelixis, including XL-184 (in collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb Co), XL-147 and XL-765 (both in collaboration with sanofi-aventis), and from Nektar, including NKTR-118 and NKTR-119 (both now licensed to AstraZeneca plc), NKTR-171, NKTR-181, NKTR-194, NKTR-102, and NKTR-105, are discussed © Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Ltd. ER  - 
28th annual JPMorgan healthcare conference - Forest laboratories and icagen$$$ The JPMorgan Healthcare conference, held in San Francisco, included presentations by various pharmaceutical companies summarizing their achievements in 2009 and expectations for 2010. This conference report highlights presentations from Forest Laboratories Inc and Icagen Inc. Investigational drugs from Forest Laboratories, including roflumilast (in collaboration with Nycomed Inc/Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp), ceftaroline fosamil (with AstraZeneca plc), linaclotide (with Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc/Astellas Pharma Inc/Almirall Prodesfarma SA), cariprazine (with Gedeon Richter Ltd./Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp), aclidinium bromide (with Almirall), dutogliptin (with Phenomix Corp/Chiesi Farmaceutici SpA) and levomilnacipran (with Pierre Fabre SA), and from Icagen, including ICA-105665, are discussed. © Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Ltd. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of levetiracetam in patients with glioma: A clinical prospective study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam in the management of epilepsy in patients with glioma. Design: A prospective study in hospitalized patients with a new diagnosis of glioma. Setting: Department of Neurological Sciences and Visions, Spedali Civili of Brescia. Patients: From March 1, 2006, until January 1, 2009, 176 consecutive patients (101 men and 75 women) with a first diagnosis of glioma were enrolled in the study. All patients with a diagnosis of epilepsy were treated with levetiracetam. Main Outcome Measures: Clinical, histological, and magnetic resonance imaging findings were analyzed. Results: Age at the diagnosis of glioma ranged from 22 to 79 years (mean [SD], 57[15] years; median, 59 years). Duration of the disease ranged from 27 days to 2 1?2 years (mean [SD], 13.7[7.8] months; median, 13 months). Eighty-two patients received levetiracetam because of a diagnosis of epilepsy. At the last evaluation (May 1, 2009), 75 of 82 patients (91%) treated with levetiracetam were seizure free; in 2 of these patients, levetiracetam was with-drawn because of intolerable adverse effects. Prompt and long-lasting control of seizures was obtained in 49 of 82 patients (60%) with a dose of levetiracetam that ranged from 1500 to 3000 mg/d, and 9 (11%) of the treated patients needed an increase of levetiracetam dosage to 4000 mg/d to become seizure free. No laboratory abnormalities were observed in patients with concomitant chemotherapy. Conclusion: The results of this study provide good evidence that levetiracetam is efficacious and safe in patients with epilepsy due to glioma. ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Infantile spasms$$$ Background: Infantile spasms (West syndrome) is an epilepsy condition affecting 1 in 2000 infants. Perhaps no more worrisome neurologic disorder exists because of its frequent association with delayed development and cognition at such a young age. Despite its existence in the literature since 1841, proven therapies are limited because of efficacy, tolerability, at times even availability. Review Summary: In this review, the clinical features, electroencephalogram (EEG) findings (hypsarrhythmia), prognostic factors, and myriad of treatment options for this condition will be discussed. Guidelines, surveys, and practice parameters have judged adrenocorticotropin hormone and vigabatrin to be the most proven treatments, with the latter indicated for tuberous sclerosis. However, potentially helpful therapies with fewer side effects have recently emerged including high-dose oral prednisolone, ketogenic diet, and topiramate. Additionally, advances in the past several years include the creation of viable animal models for testing new treatments. Conclusions: At no other time since its first description in 1841 has the field of infantile spasms research been so rapidly changing. For the thousands of infants faced with this potentially devastating disorder, there is no time like the present. Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
The role of topiramate and other anticonvulsants in the treatment of alcohol dependence: A clinical review$$$ Alcohol dependence is a major health problem worldwide. Various pharmacological agents have been used in the management of alcohol dependence. This review looks at the role of topiramate and other anticonvulsants in the management of alcohol dependence. Topiramate is the most widely used anticonvulsant in the treatment of alcohol dependence. The literature on topiramate is reviewed and critically analyzed, along with its proposed mechanism of action in alcohol dependence. A review of data available on other anticonvulsants like carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, sodium valproate, gabapentin and levetiracetam are presented and their potential in the treatment of alcohol dependence is considered, together with future research directions. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Open label trial of the tolerability and efficacy of zonisamide in the treatment of alcohol dependence$$$ Objectives: The objectives of this study are to assess the tolerability and efficacy of the anticonvulsant zonisamide in an open label trial of the treatment of alcohol dependence. Methods: In this trial, zonisamide (400-mg daily) was administered to alcohol-dependent subjects (ADS) (n = 16) over 13 weeks. The mean daily consumption of standard alcoholic drinks and performance on a verbal fluency task, the COWAT, and on a measure of attention and visuomotor speed, the DSMT were assessed, and the occurrence of adverse events was monitored weekly. Results: The mean number of drinks consumed daily was significantly reduced from baseline levels during the treatment period. Performances on the COWAT and on the DSMT were not significantly reduced by zonisamide treatment. Overall, zonisamide was well tolerated by the study subjects. Conclusion: These results indicate that zonisamide administration may not impair verbal fluency in ADS, and are consistent with other studies that found zonisamide administration may reduce alcohol intake. Copyright © 2010 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Controlled clinical, polysomnographic and psychometric studies on differences between sleep bruxers and controls and acute effects of clonazepam as compared with placebo$$$ The pathogenesis, pathophysiology, and pharmacotherapy of sleep bruxism (SB) are still not fully understood. We investigated symptomatology, objective and subjective sleep and awakening quality of middle-aged bruxers compared with controls and acute effects of clonazepam 1 mg compared with placebo by polysomnography and psychometry. Twenty-one drug-free bruxers spent 3 nights in the sleep lab, 21 age- and sex-matched controls 2 nights. Clinically, bruxers exhibited deteriorated PSQI, SAS, SDS and IRLSSG measures, polysomnographically impaired sleep maintenance, increased movement time, stage shift index, periodic leg movements (PLM) and arousals and psychometrically deteriorated subjective sleep and awakening quality, evening/morning well-being, drive, mood, drowsiness, attention variability, memory, and fine motor activity. As compared with placebo, clonazepam significantly decreased the SB index in all patients (mean: -42 ± 15%). Sleep efficiency, maintenance, latency, awakenings and nocturnal wake time, the stage shift index, S1, PLM, the arousal index, subjective sleep and awakening quality, and fine motor activity improved. © 2009 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Valproic acid in the complex therapy of malignant tumors$$$ Valproic acid (VPA) has been used for epilepsy treatment since the 1970s. Recently, it was demonstrated that it inhibits histone deacetylases (HDAC), modulates cell cycle, induces tumor cell death and inhibits angiogenesis in various tumor models. The exact anticancer mechanisms of VPA remains unclear, but HDAC inhibition, extracellular-regulated kinase activation, protein kinase C inhibition, Wnt-signaling activation, proteasomal degradation of HDAC, possible downregulation of telomerase activity and DNA demethylation participate in its anticancer effect. Hyperacetylation of histones, as a result of HDAC inhibition, seems to be the most important mechanism of VPA's antitumor action. Preclinical data suggest that the anticancer effect of chemotherapy is augmented when VPA is used in combination with cytostatics. Besides the effects of pretreatment with HDAC inhibitors, which increases the efficiency of 5-aza-2′- deoxycytidine, VP-16, ellipticine, doxorubicin and cisplatin, pre-exposure to VPA increases the cytotoxicity of topoisomerase II inhibitors. There are two suggested cell death mechanisms caused by potentiation of anticancer drugs by HDAC inhibitors that are neither exclusive nor synergistic. The first involves apoptosis and can be both p53 dependent or independent; the second involves mechanisms other than apoptosis. In resistant chronic myeloid leukemia (CML), VPA restores sensitivity to imatinib. We have demonstrated the synergistic effects of VPA and cisplatin in neuroblastoma cells. VPA can be taken orally, crosses the blood brain barrier and can be used for extended periods. Clinical trials in patients with malignancies are being conducted. The use of VPA prior to or together with anticancer drugs may thus prove a beneficial treatment. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
The abuse potential of propofol$$$ Context. Propofol is a sedative-hypnotic prescription medication that is widely used in anesthesia, long-term sedation, and conscious sedation. It is short acting, effective, and, when used appropriately, safe. It is not a controlled substance by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, suggesting that it has little potential for abuse. The objective of this review was to evaluate the evidence for the abuse potential of propofol. Methods. A systematic review of the medical literature was performed using the search terms: propofol, Diprivan, abuse, addiction, tolerance, misuse, and withdrawal. Six online literature citation databases and relevant bibliographies were searched for articles. Results. Seventy-two articles were identified for review and 45 were relevant to the topic. These articles described propofol's biochemical and pharmacokinetic mechanisms of action that lend themselves to its abuse, propofol's physical and psychological effects that make it alluring as a recreational drug, the current evidence supporting the possibility of tolerance to and withdrawal from propofol, the risk involved in recreational propofol use, and the evidence supporting current abuse of this medication. We found evidence to support propofol's abuse potential from a pharmacological and experiential standpoint with multiple reports describing tolerance, dependence, withdrawal phenomena, abuse, and death from recreational use. Conclusions. Propofol has alluring and addictive properties that lend itself to potential recreational abuse and dependence. We recommend that the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and other international agencies should consider regulating propofol as a controlled substance. Copyright © Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Risperidone long-acting injection (RLAI): The 12-week efficacy and tolerability in thai patients with chronic schizophrenia$$$ Background: Although oral atypical antipsychotics have improved the outcomes in schizophrenia, the patient medication adherence plays role as the important factor to clinical potential of the drugs. Therefore, the long-acting formulations of antipsychotics have been developed to improve the treatment compliance in patient with schizophrenia and risperidone long-acting injection (RLAI) is the first long-acting injectable drug since then. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of long-acting risperidone injection in Thai patients with chronic schizophrenia for 12 weeks treatment. Material and Method: This was a non-randomized, open-label, single-arm study, performed at 5 centers in Thailand. The eligible patients with schizophrenia diagnosed by DSM-IV criteria were enrolled. Patients received long-acting risperidone injection 25, 37.5 or 50 mg every 2 weeks. Efficacy assessments were measured by Manchester Psychiatric Rating Scale (MPS), CGI-S and SF-36 at baseline, week 6 and week 12 or end point visit. Tolerability assessments were measured by Yale Extrapyramidal Symptoms Rating Scale (YESS), Visual analogue scale 10-cm for pain at injection site, body weight (BW) and incidence of adverse events. Results: Of 184 patients recruited, 160 patients (87%) completed the study. RLAI produced a significant improvement (p < 0.001) in MPS positive score from baseline to endpoint, 4.4 + 3.7 to 1.6 + 2.6. There was also significant reduction in MPS negative score, from 3.06 + 2.68 to 0.93 + 1.61 at endpoint (p < 0.001). The CGI-S score improved significantly from baseline to end point (p < 0.001), as reflected by the increase the proportion of patients rated as "not ill" or "borderline ill" from 5.9% at baseline to 53.2% at endpoint. Quality of life measured on the SF-36 scale was improved in all domains except bodily pain. Movement disorders, measured by YESS, were significantly reduced following RLAI introduction. Treatment with this drug was well tolerated and no significant weight gain occurred during the study. Conclusion: This study suggests that RLAI produces symptomatic improvement in chronic schizophrenia patients, along with improvement of movement disorders and had a good tolerability and adherence to treatment. ER  - 
A survey of therapy for advanced renal cell carcinoma$$$ Renal cell carcinoma (RCC) is very resistant to both chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Localized disease can be cured by surgery but most patients are diagnosed when distant metastases are already present and about 30% of patients relapse after nephrectomy. Until 2 years ago, cytokine-based immunotherapy (interleukin-2 and interferon-α) was the only therapeutic option for advanced RCC patients. Fewer than 20% of patients benefit from this treatment, but some of these may experience very prolonged complete responses and progression-free intervals, suggesting a possibility of cure in a very few cases. Thanks to our expanding knowledge of the biology and pathogenesis of RCC, the treatment of this disease has recently undergone a major advance, through the development of potent angiogenesis inhibitors and targeted agents. Bevacizumab, an antibody directed against vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), has shown significant activity in combination with interferon-α (IFN-α). Sunitinib and sorafenib, multikinase inhibitors with proven antiangiogenic activity, have also been approved for the treatment of this tumor. Finally, temsirolimus and everolimus, which belong to the family of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), have shown some activity in selected patients. The aim of this paper is to review clinical trials with these new agents, describing their activity and profiles of toxicity, and to evaluate potential future developmental strategies. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Voltage-gated calcium channels in the etiopathogenesis and treatment of absence epilepsy$$$ Voltage-gated calcium channels are key elements in regulating neuronal excitability and are thus of central importance in the pathogenesis of various forms of epilepsies. Among these, absence epilepsies represent about 10% of epileptic seizures in humans. They are electroencephalographically characterized by bilateral synchronous spike-wave discharge activity associated with loss or severe impairment of consciousness. Extensive studies during the last decades revealed that pathophysiologically increased oscillatory activity, i.e., hyperoscillation within the reticulothalamocortical circuitry, is the electrophysiological correlate of absence epilepsy, with extrathalamocortical structures, e.g., brainstem and cerebellum, projecting to the thalamocortical circuitry, thereby modulating its activity. Voltage-gated calcium channels are one of the central players regulating the transition from tonic to rebound burst-firing modes in both thalamic relay and reticular thalamic nucleus neurons, the burst-firing mode being the substrate of the thalamocortical oscillation. Thus, pharmacological interference with these channels enables effective control of spike-wave discharge activity in patients suffering from absence seizures. In this review, we summarize the medical history of absence epilepsies, their classification and terminology, the diagnostic armamentarium available today and the etiopathogenesis of absences. Finally, various antiepileptic drugs that have been proven to or are supposed to exert anti-absence effects are discussed with respect to their pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and quality of life in the elderly: Results from a randomized double-blind trial of carbamazepine and lamotrigine in patients with onset of epilepsy in old age$$$ During an international double-blind trial evaluating the efficacy and tolerability of lamotrigine and carbamazepine in patients aged ≥65 with newly diagnosed epilepsy, the comparative effects of the drugs on health-related quality of life were investigated based on screening and 12-, 28-, and 40-week data, using the modified Side Effect and Life Satisfaction (SEALS) Inventory and the Liverpool Adverse Event Profile. Of 167 patients, 29 discontinued before first follow-up, and data were incomplete for 13. In 125 eligible subjects (62 taking carbamazepine, 63 taking lamotrigine), comparable baseline data did not change significantly during medication, within or across treatments. A borderline difference in the SEALS Dysphoria subscores favored lamotrigine. No difference between completers and noncompleters was identified. Twelve-week data for noncompleters were comparable across treatments. Changes in the inventories up to 40 weeks correlated moderately. Neither lamotrigine nor carbamazepine seems likely to cause significant changes in health-related quality of life measures after 40 weeks at therapeutic doses. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical features of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A study of 64 cases in southwest China$$$ This article describes the clinical features of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) in people in southwest China. Patients with a confirmed diagnosis of pure PNES by video/EEG monitoring were retrospectively reviewed. A total of 64 patients with PNES were included, 32 (50%) of whom were male. Twenty (31.3%) patients had previously been misdiagnosed and treated for epilepsy. Psychological trauma and head injuries were considered antecedent traumatic factors. A history of abuse was rare. The PNES cases were divided into three subtypes: psychogenic minor motor seizures, psychogenic major motor seizures, and unresponsive seizures. Age at onset was identified as a predictor of prognosis. The results of this study demonstrated a higher prevalence of PNES in males compared with previous studies. The semiology of PNES in China is similar to that in Western countries. Classification of semiology may be helpful in the differential diagnosis of PNES. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The psychopharmacology algorithm project at the harvard south shore program: An update on bipolar depression$$$ This updated version of the bipolar depression algorithm of the Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project at the Harvard South Shore Program aims to provide an organized, sequential, and evidence-supported approach for the treatment of that disorder. After initial evaluation and diagnosis, the psychiatrist should first assess whether there is an urgent indication for ECT. If ECT is not indicated, and the patient has psychotic symptoms, then an antipsychotic should be part of the medication regimen. Next, if the patient is not currently treated with mood stabilizers, there is a slight preference for lithium. If lithium is not effective or tolerated, treatment with quetiapine or lamotrigine should be initiated. If the patient is currently taking other mood stabilizers, their dosage should be optimized, and the clinician should consider adding or switching to lithium, quetiapine, or lamotrigine. Next, if the patient is not at especially high risk of mood destabilization, an antidepressant can be added in the bipolar depressed patient who has failed trials of lithium, quetiapine, and lamotrigine. Rapid-cycling depressed patients may require combinations of two or three mood stabilizers. ECT, along with other psychopharmacological options, could be reconsidered for the treatment of refractory bipolar depressed patients. © 2010 President and Fellows of Harvard College. ER  - 
Aripiprazole in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder: A review$$$ Background: During the past decade, there has been some progress in the pharmacotherapy of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. Current evidence supports the use of various second-generation, or atypical, antipsychotic medications, although few of these agents have been associated with long-term efficacy and tolerability. Aripiprazole is an atypical antipsychotic that has been found to improve positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia with a favorable adverse-effect profile. Objective: This article reviews the efficacy and tolerability of aripiprazole in the context of recommended management strategies for schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder, and in comparison with first-generation and other second-generation antipsychotics. Methods: A search of MEDLINE (1999-May 2009) was conducted for reports of short- and long-term clinical studies of atypical antipsychotics (including aripiprazole) and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials comparing first- and second-generation antipsychotics (including aripiprazole) in the treatment of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. The search terms were schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; pharmacogenetics; adverse effects; tardive dyskinesia AND atypical antipsychotics; aripiprazole; aripiprazole, schizophrenia, AND double-blind studies; and atypical antipsychotics AND adverse effects. The reference lists of identified articles were reviewed for additional relevant publications. Only full study publications were included. Results: Based on the clinical evidence, including data from short-term (4-8 weeks) and long-term (26-52 weeks) randomized, double-blind clinical trials, aripiprazole has been associated with improvements in positive, negative, cognitive, and affective symptoms of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. It has been associated with long-term (up to 52 weeks) symptom control in schizophrenia, as well as with efficacy in treatment-resistant schizophrenia. Common adverse effects associated with aripiprazole were nausea, insomnia, and agitation. These effects were usually transient. The evidence suggests that aripiprazole is unlikely to be associated with clinically significant weight gain or dyslipidemia, increased prolactin levels, or prolongation of the QTc interval. Compared with placebo, aripiprazole has been reported to have a relatively low potential for inducing metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Based on the evidence reviewed, aripiprazole monotherapy appears to be effective and well tolerated in treating the positive, negative, and cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. It was associated with a low risk for the common adverse effects of antipsychotic therapy, including metabolic and endocrine alterations. © 2010 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Bronchodilators are central to the management of stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in the elderly$$$ Inhaled bronchodilators are the cornerstone of pharmacological management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in elderly patients. Because of the multiple comorbidities and age-related physiological changes in the elderly, a careful assessment of the risks versus benefits of bronchodilator and corticosteroid treatment in the individual patient is necessary. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term levetiracetam treatment in patients with epilepsy: 3-year follow up$$$ Objectives - To assess the long-term efficacy and tolerability of levetiracetam in routine clinical practice. Materials and methods - We retrospectively analysed 218 patients, mostly adults, presenting mostly with localisation-related epilepsy, treated with levetiracetam as adjunctive therapy or monotherapy for up to 36 months. The primary points evaluated were: long-term retention rate, reasons for discontinuing levetiracetam and the percentage of seizure-free patients. Results - The retention rate at 6, 12, 24 and 36 months following the commencement of levetiracetam treatment was 91.7, 75.2, 60.1 and 53.7% respectively. Sixty-seven (30.7%) patients discontinued levetiracetam treatment. During the clinical audit evaluation period, surgical resection or implantation of VNS was performed in 31 (14.3%) patients. In 53 of the 67 patients (79.1%), the treatment was discontinued due to lack of efficacy; in 14 patients (20.9%) treatment was discontinued due to adverse events. In total, 24 of 218 patients (11.0%) were seizure-free for 36 months. Conclusions - Levetiracetam is an effective and well-tolerated option for long-term treatment of epilepsy in adults. © 2009 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Neurological and cardiovascular adverse events associated with antimanic treatment in children and adolescents$$$ To identify the factors associated with incident neurological and cardiovascular adverse events in children and adolescents treated with antimanic agents, a retrospective, longitudinal study was conducted. Medicaid medical and pharmacy claims between January 1996 and December 2005 were used to identify 3657 children and adolescents prescribed antimanic medications, and a random sample of 4500 children not treated with psychotropic medications. All adverse events examined (sedation/drowsiness, headaches, involuntary movements/extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS), cardiovascular events, hypertension, and orthostatic hypotension) were more prevalent in the antimanic-treated cohort. The odds of developing incident sedation/drowsiness and headaches were significantly higher for those prescribed carbamazepine, and co-prescribed selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or antipsychotics. The odds of incident involuntary movements/EPS were significantly higher for those co-prescribed antimanic and antipsychotic agents, and those with comorbid central nervous system (CNS), organic brain disorders/mental retardation, or epilepsy. Incident cardiovascular events, hypertension, and orthostatic hypotension odds were significantly higher for those co-prescribed antimanic agents and antipsychotics, or those with comorbid epilepsy or metabolic conditions. Co-prescription of antimanic and antipsychotic agents is more likely associated with neurological and cardiovascular adverse reactions, especially in young patients with preexisting CNS/neurological disorders. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Is there a future for histone deacetylase inhibitors in the pharmacotherapy of psychiatric disorders?$$$ In recent years, it has become widely recognized that a comprehensive understanding of chromatin biology is necessary to better appreciate its role in a wide range of diseases. The histone code has developed as a new layer of our appreciation of transcription factor-based mechanisms of gene expression. Although epigenetic regulation refers to a host of chromatin modifications that occur at the level of DNA, histones, and histone-associated proteins, how this regulation is orchestrated is still incompletely understood. Of those processes that comprise the epigenetic regulatory machinery, DNA methylation and histone acetylation/deacetylation have been the most thoroughly studied. Compounds that act as inhibitors of DNA methyltransferases or histone deacetylases (HDACs) activate a variety of intracellular signaling pathways that ultimately affect the coordinated expression of multiple genes. The altered patterns of mRNA and protein expression collectively converge on pathways linked to apoptosis and cell cycle arrest, among others. This has prompted a widespread search for epigenetic inhibitors that could be used as chemotherapeutic agents, and several are undergoing clinical evaluation. More recently, there has been interest in the use of HDAC inhibitors to activate the expression of mRNAs that are down-regulated in various neurological and psychiatric conditions. Considerably less is known regarding the effect these drugs have on postmitotic cells such as neurons. Before we consider the clinical use of additional HDAC inhibitors to treat schizophrenia or unipolar depression, there are a number of key issues that need to be resolved. Copyright © 2010 The American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics. ER  - 
Does valproic acid warrant therapeutic drug monitoring in bipolar affective disorder?$$$ To review the pharmacokinetic literature regarding valproic acid (VPA) in patients with bipolar affective disorder to evaluate the appropriateness of routine therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) of VPA in this population. Embase, Medline, Biosis, Cumulated Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), and Cochrane Systematic Reviews databases (to July 2009) were searched (terms: valproate, valproic acid, valproate semisodium, divalproex, bipolar disorder, mania, bipolar affective disorder, assay, concentration, drug level, serum level, plasma level, therapeutic drug monitoring, drug monitoring, pharmacokinetics). A 9-step decision-making algorithm was applied to the available VPA literature in the bipolar population. VPA has been established as effective first-line therapy in the treatment of bipolar mania. Commercial assays are available to accurately measure VPA levels with good sensitivity and precision. Wide interpatient variability in VPA pharmacokinetic parameters and long anticipated treatment durations favor the use of TDM in the bipolar patient. Conversely, correlations between VPA levels and pharmacologic response in humans, and specifically patients with bipolar affective disorder are unclear. Compared with other agents known to have narrow therapeutic ranges, VPA does not seem to share this characteristic. Furthermore, the clinical efficacy and toxicity of VPA may be assessed in ways other than TDM, allowing for contributions by health care professionals, patients, and family members. Despite the development of effective and widely available VPA assays, routine monitoring of VPA concentrations in the general bipolar affective population does not seem warranted. However, TDM may enhance usual clinical monitoring in situations involving unusual VPA metabolism, polytherapy with clinically relevant drug interactions, or as part of a comprehensive assessment of treatment compliance. Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Safety considerations and potential interactions of vitamins: Should vitamins be considered drugs?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine adverse effects, adverse events, and potential interactions of vitamins in light of their current prevalence of use, and to discuss whether vitamins should be considered over-the-counter drugs or natural health products/dietary supplements. DATA SOURCES : We performed a MEDLINE/PubMed search, explored 4 online databases (Medline Plus, Drug Digest, Natural Medicine Comprehensive Database, and the database of the University of Maryland), and examined reference lists of included studies published from 1966 through October 2009. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: The studies were reviewed, with an emphasis on randomized controlled clinical trials. We included articles with the most clinically important information with regard to adverse events and interactions. DATA SYNTHESIS: Vitamins are used by over one third of the North American population. Vitamins have documented adverse effects and toxicities, and most have documented interactions with drugs. While some vitamins (biotin, pantothenic acid, riboflavin, thiamine, vitamin B12, vitamin K) have minor and reversible adverse effects, others, such as fat-soluble vitamins (A, E, D), can cause serious adverse events. Two water-soluble vitamins, folic acid and niacin, can also have significant toxicities and adverse events. CONCLUSIONS: Our recommendation is that vitamins A, E, D, folic acid, and niacin should be categorized as over-the-counter medications. Labeling of vitamins, especially those intended for children and other vulnerable groups, should include information on possible toxicities, dosing, recommended upper intake limits, and concurrent use with other products. Vitamin A should be excluded from multivitamin supplements and food fortificants. ER  - 
Current approaches to pharmacotherapy for smoking cessation$$$ It is well established that smoking is the primary preventable cause of disease and death in the United States and that it is responsible for a wide range of negative health consequences, including but not limited to respiratory disease. According to the US Public Health Service, all patients attempting to quit smoking should be encouraged to use one or more effective pharmacotherapy agents for cessation except in the presence of special circumstances or in populations for which there is insufficient evidence of effectiveness (pregnant women, smokeless tobacco users, light smokers and adolescents). These medications are most effective when coupled with behavioral counseling interventions. This review article provides an overview of comprehensive (the 5 A"s framework: Ask, Advise, Assess, Assist, Arrange) and brief (Ask, Advise, Refer) interventions for assisting patients with quitting, and a more detailed review of the seven first-line pharmacological agents for smoking cessation (nicotine replacement therapy formulations, bupropion SR and varenicline) and combination therapy regimens. This information will facilitate respiratory therapists in addressing the most important risk factor for pulmonary disease in the patient population that they serve. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetic considerations in the treatment of psychiatric disorders$$$ Importance of the field: Despite continued efforts to optimize pharmacological treatment for individuals with psychiatric disorders, efficacy and tolerability of medication remains highly variable. In addition to clinical heterogeneity, diagnostic uncertainty, environmental, social factors, and genetic factors have been identified as playing an important role in the interindividual differences in therapeutic and toxic drug effects. Areas covered in this review: This article describes recent developments in the field of psychiatric pharmacogenetics and focuses on antidepressant, antipsychotic, anticonvulsant, and mood-stabilizing drugs. What the reader will gain: Recent findings from pharmacogenetic clinical trials are reviewed and clinical implications are discussed. Take home message: Although current data are too sparse to allow the development of guidelines for using pharmacogenetic testing in routine clinical practice, the field of psychiatric pharmacogenetics is rapidly developing and identification of genetic biomarkers that predict therapeutic response and risk of side effects will ultimately help the practitioner to choose effective and safe treatment for patients suffering from psychiatric disorders. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Phase II study of oral fingolimod (FTY720) in multiple sclerosis: 3-year results$$$ In a 6-month, placebo-controlled trial, oral fingolimod (FTY720) 1.25 or 5.0 mg, once daily, significantly reduced MRI inflammatory activity and annualized relapse rate compared with placebo in patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS). The objectives were to monitor the 36-month, interim efficacy and safety results of the ongoing extension of this study. In the extension (months 7-36), placebo-treated patients were re-randomized to either dose of fingolimod; fingolimod-treated patients continued at the same dose. During months 15-24, all patients receiving fingolimod 5.0 mg switched to 1.25 mg. Of the 250 patients who entered the extension study, 173 (69%) continued to month 36. Most patients were free from gadolinium-enhanced lesions (88-89%) or new T2 lesions (70-78%) at month 36. Patients receiving continuous fingolimod treatment had sustained low annualized relapse rates of 0.20-0.21, and 68-73% remained relapse-free at month 36. Over 36 months, nasopharyngitis (34%), headache (30%), fatigue (19%) and influenza (18%) were the most commonly reported adverse events. Pulmonary function remained stable and blood pressure was stable after an initial increase (3-5 mmHg) during the first 6 months of fingolimod treatment; serious adverse events included infections and skin cancer. The low MRI and clinical disease activity at 6 months were maintained at 36 months with fingolimod, which was generally well tolerated by most patients. The efficacy and safety of oral fingolimod are being further evaluated in a large phase III MS study programme. ER  - 
Atomoxetine - Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: No better than methylphenidate$$$ • When attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder in children is truly problematic, methylphenidate, an amphetamine, can be tried as a last resort. Methylphenidate has short-term symptomatic efficacy but also many adverse effects, including a risk of sudden death. • After having been evaluated, unsuccessfully, in depression, atomoxetine, a noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor, was authorised in some EU member states for use in attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder. In France it has only received temporary authorisation for prescription on a named-patient basis. • Two double-blind trials comparing atomoxetine versus methylphenidate provided somewhat different results, based on a symptom rating scale completed by the investigator after an interview with the parents. In a trial in 516 children treated for 6 weeks, the "response" rate was statistically higher than with methylphenidate (56% versus 45%). In the other trial in 330 children treated for 8 weeks, the response rate was about 80% in both groups. • A meta-analysis of 9 placebo-controlled trials in a total of 1828 children showed that atomoxetine was more effective than placebo in the short term. • The main adverse effects identified in clinical trials and pharmacovigilance studies conducted in the United Kingdom and the United States were gastrointestinal disorders (abdominal pain, reduced appetite, vomiting, and weight loss) and neuropsychological disorders (drowsiness, irritability, mood swings, aggressive behaviour). A meta-analysis of 12 trials and pharmacovigilance studies showed an increased risk of suicide. Atomoxetine also provokes seizures, arterial hypotension, tachycardia, and hepatic disorders. • Little is known about the risk of abuse or dependence, or the long-term efficacy of treatment. • Atomoxetine carries a risk of multiple drug interactions due to its metabolism by the cytochrome P450 isoenzyme 2D6 and its inhibitory effect on noradrenaline reuptake. • In practice, atomoxetine has a similar safety profile to methylphenidate and is probably less effective. When drug therapy is warranted, it is better to continue to use methylphenidate, despite its adverse effects. ER  - 
C.E.R.A. safety profile: A pooled analysis in patients with chronic kidney disease$$$ Background: C.E.R.A., a continuous erythropoietin receptor activator, is a long-acting erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA) that is approved for the treatment of renal anemia. This analysis evaluated the safety profile of C.E.R.A. in comparison to that of other ESAs in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods: Safety parameters were analyzed in a pooled population comprising all patients with CKD on dialysis and not on dialysis from the completed Phase II and Phase III studies in the C.E.R.A. clinical program (Phase II/III population); patients were treated with either C.E.R.A. (n = 1,789) or comparator ESA (n = 948). Differences between treatment groups in safety parameterswere identified by either a 2%difference in incidence between groups, or a statistically significant difference between groups (p ≤ 0.05 with the Fisher's exact test, which was used as a conservative screening tool). To assess changes in safety findings over time, long-term safety data were analyzed from patients who were given the option to enter long-term safety studies upon completing their initial Phase II/III study (safety extension population). Results: Compared with the C.E.R.A. group, the incidence of adverse events (AEs) was higher in the comparator ESA group in the Phase II/III population (C.E.R.A. vs. comparator ESA, 89.5% vs. 91.8%, p = 0.067), and significantly so in the safety extension population (93.0% vs. 95.8%, p = 0.003). The incidence of serious AEs was significantly higher in the comparator ESA group than in the C.E.R.A. group in both analysis populations (Phase II/III population, 37.8% vs. 42.4%, p = 0.021; safety extension population, 53.3% vs. 59.7%, p = 0.001). However, there was no consistent pattern of clinical events that could explain these differ differences between the treatment groups. Conclusion: Analysis of safety events in patients with renal anemia receiving long-term treatment with C.E.R.A. shows a safety profile comparable to that of other ESAs. © 2010 Dustri-Verlag Dr. K. Feistle. ER  - 
Modifying the risk of atypical antipsychotics in the treatment of juvenile-onset schizophrenia$$$ Importance to the field: This review summarizes the evidence for use of typical and atypical antipsychotic medications for the treatment of juvenile-onset schizophrenia. We highlight the risks and benefits of antipsychotic agents for youth with this disorder, paying special attention to weight gain and metabolic effects, an area of specific concern within child and adolescent psychiatry. Areas covered in this review: We describe the seriousness of juvenile-onset schizophrenia and its impact on long-term functioning, noting that pharmacological treatment remains the standard of care for this disorder. We focus on weight gain and metabolic effects associated with atypical agents and review strategies to modify risks associated with these agents. What the reader will gain: We summarize strategies for attenuating the risk of weight gain for youth on atypical antipsychotics, including what is known about nutritional counseling and exercise programs as well as pharmacotherapy with adjunctive weight loss agents. Take-home message: Given the negative consequences associated with untreated schizophrenia, it appears that the most effective way to improve the risk:benefit ratio in the treatment of adolescents with schizophrenia is to reduce the risks associated with pharmacological treatment. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Narcolepsy: Clinical features, co-morbidities & treatment$$$ Narcolepsy is a neurologic illness that typically begins in the second and third decades of life. It is chronic in nature and negatively impacts the quality of life of affected patients. The classic presentation is a tetrad of excessive daytime sleepiness, cataplexy, sleep paralysis, and hypnagogic hallucinations. The exact cause remains unknown, but there is significant evidence that hypocretin deficiency plays an integral role. Some primary conditions that result in secondary narcolepsy include traumatic brain injury, congenital disorders, tumours, and strokes. Some medical and psychiatric disorders share characteristics of narcolepsy, at times leading to diagnostic inaccuracy. Other sleep disorders are commonly co-morbid. Diagnosis relies on patient history and objective data gathered from polysomnography and multiple sleep latency testing. Treatment focuses on symptom relief through medication, education, and behavioural modification. Both classic pharmacological treatments as well as newer options have significant problems, especially because of side effects and abuse potential. Novel modalities are being examined to expand options for treatment. ER  - 
Mood stabilizers in the treatment of substance use disorders$$$ Individuals suffering from drug addiction may also manifest features of bipolar spectrum disorders. Hyperthymic and cyclothymic temperaments may render individuals vulnerable to later development of substance abuse. Bipolar disorders themselves may be altered or precipitated by substance use, most notably by stimulants (amphetamines), alcohol, and cannabinoids. The clinical usefulness of mood stabilizers, particularly antiepileptics, has been established as safe and effective in substance abusers with and without comorbid mood disorders. Most studies on this issue have been of short duration and focused on the resolution of a currently manifest period of illness. Few studies have been conducted on the usefulness of these drugs on the long-term longitudinal course of these diseases, such as frequently encountered recurrent relapses into states of agitation, impulsivity, and/or dissatisfaction. As opposed to the clinical experience with traditional antidepressants and neuroleptics, antiepileptics do not induce counter-polar states (depressed patients abruptly turning manic or hypomanic; nor patients currently hypomanic or manic turning abruptly depressed). Many clinicians consider antiepileptic mood stabilizers to be the preferred category of medications for the treatment of such patients. Valproate appears to be a potentially fruitful medication to study in these dual diagnosis patients due to preliminary evidence demonstrating its anticraving efficacy. © MBL Communications Inc. ER  - 
Autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for childhood autoimmune disease$$$ Autologous and allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) can be used in the management of patients with autoimmune disorders. Experience gained in adults has helped to better define the conditioning regimens required and appropriate selection of patients who are most likely to benefit from autologous HSCT. The field has been shifting toward the use of safer and less intense nonmyeloablative regimens used earlier in the disease course before patients accumulate extensive irreversible organ damage. This article reviews the experience of using autologous HSCT in treating the most common childhood autoimmune and rheumatic diseases, primarily juvenile idiopathic arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, and diabetes mellitus. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
The European post-marketing observational sertindole study: An investigation of the safety of antipsychotic drug treatment$$$ The objective of the European Post-marketing Observational Serdolect ® (EPOS) Study was to compare the safety of treatment with Serdolect (sertindole) with that of usual treatment in patients with schizophrenia, in normal European clinical practice. The EPOS was a multicentre, multinational, referenced, cohort study. Patients were enrolled at 226 centres in ten European countries. The study was prematurely terminated in 1998 as a result of the temporary market suspension of sertindole. Termination of the study reduced the number of patients recruited from the planned 12,000 to 2,321. While the power of the study was weakened, it did provide useful mortality information, which may be useful for future long-term studies. Crude mortality in the sertindole and non-sertindole groups was 1.45 (95% confidence interval, CI 0.53-3.16) and 1.50 (CI 0.72-2.76) deaths/100 patient-years exposed, respectively. There were no more cardiac deaths in the sertindole group than in the non-sertindole group. QT interval prolongation did not translate into an increased risk of death. Sertindole was well tolerated and caused few extrapyramidal symptoms. Although CIs remained large, this post-marketing study does not provide any evidence against the use of sertindole under normal conditions. Sertindole was well tolerated and posed no significant safety problems. © 2009 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Immunomodulatory therapies in neurologic critical care$$$ Introduction: Neurologic disorders with autoimmune dysregulation are commonly encountered in the critical care setting. Frequently encountered diseases include Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS), myasthenia gravis, multiple sclerosis, acute demyelinating encephalomyelitis, and encephalitides. Immunomodulatory therapies, including high-dose corticosteroids, plasmapheresis, and intravenous immunoglobulins, are the cornerstone of the treatment of these diseases. Here we review the efficacy and side effects of immunomodulatory therapies commonly utilized in critically ill neurologic patients in the intensive care setting. Methods: Search of Medline, Cochrane databases, and manual review of article bibliographies. Results: The efficacy of high-dose corticosteroids, plasmapheresis, and intravenous immunoglobulins have been studied extensively in GBS, myasthenia gravis, and demyelinating disorders such as multiple sclerosis and acute demyelinating encephalomyelitis. For these diseases, however, the duration of treatment, dosing regimens, and choices among different therapeutic modalities remain controversial. For many of the other diseases (e.g., encephalitis and status epilepticus of autoimmune etiology) discussed in this review, evidence is limited to small case series. Conclusions: There is good evidence for the efficacy and tolerability of immunomodulatory therapies in GBS, myasthenia gravis, and acute central nervous system demyelination, though data to establish superiority of one therapeutic regimen over another remains lacking. For most other conditions, the data for immunomodulatory therapies are limited, and further research is required. © 2009 Humana Press Inc. ER  - 
When do psychogenic nonepileptic seizures occur on a video/EEG telemetry unit?$$$ To maximize the efficiency of diagnostic video/EEG telemetry, we retrospectively studied the occurrence of clinical events during admission in 254 patients. One hundred fifty-nine patients had psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) and 95 had epileptic seizures (ES). Twenty-five with PNES and none with ES had an event before or during electrode placement (P < 0.0001). In the remaining 229, the initial event occurred within 48 hours of electrode placement in 98.5% patients with PNES and 100.0% of patients with ES. Time to occurrence of initial event did not differ between groups (P = 0.69). 17.1% patients with PNES and 51.6% with ES had events between 12 AM and 6 AM (P = 0.001). In conclusion, during diagnostic video/EEG telemetry, most patients who experience PNES or ES have diagnostic, typical events within 2 days. Although time to initial event after electrode placement does not differ between diagnoses, events prior to or during placement are most likely PNES and events at night are most likely ES. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Current developments in intraspinal agents for cancer and noncancer pain$$$ Since the late 1980s, intrathecal (IT) analgesic therapy has improved, and implantable IT drug delivery devices have become increasingly sophisticated. Physicians and patients now have myriad more options for agents and their combination, as well as for refining their delivery. As recently as 2007, The Polyanalgesic Consensus Conference of expert panelists updated its algorithm for drug selection in IT polyanalgesia. We review this algorithm and the emerging therapy included. This article provides an update on newly approved as well as emerging IT agents and the advances in technology for their delivery. ER  - 
Propofol interruption of ECT seizure to reduce side-effects: A pilot study$$$ Fifteen depressed subjects received six bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatments under etomidate anesthesia. They were randomized to blindly either receive propofol 0.5 mg/kg 15 s post-stimulus or not. Propofol infusion significantly prevented long seizures, and prevented cognitive decrements in most neuropsychological tests, several significantly. Propofol interruption may clinically help reduce ECT side-effects. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Practice Parameter: Pharmacologic treatment of spasticity in children and adolescents with cerebral palsy (an evidence-based review): Report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the Practice Committee of the Child Neurology Society$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate published evidence of efficacy and safety of pharmacologic treatments for childhood spasticity due to cerebral palsy. METHODS: A multidisciplinary panel systematically reviewed relevant literature from 1966 to July 2008. RESULTS: For localized/segmental spasticity, botulinum toxin type A is established as an effective treatment to reduce spasticity in the upper and lower extremities. There is conflicting evidence regarding functional improvement. Botulinum toxin type A was found to be generally safe in children with cerebral palsy; however, the Food and Drug Administration is presently investigating isolated cases of generalized weakness resulting in poor outcomes. No studies that met criteria are available on the use of phenol, alcohol, or botulinum toxin type B injections. For generalized spasticity, diazepam is probably effective in reducing spasticity, but there are insufficient data on its effect on motor function and its side-effect profile. Tizanidine is possibly effective, but there are insufficient data on its effect on function and its side-effect profile. There were insufficient data on the use of dantrolene, oral baclofen, and intrathecal baclofen, and toxicity was frequently reported. RECOMMENDATIONS: For localized/segmental spasticity that warrants treatment, botulinum toxin type A should be offered as an effective and generally safe treatment (Level A). There are insufficient data to support or refute the use of phenol, alcohol, or botulinum toxin type B (Level U). For generalized spasticity that warrants treatment, diazepam should be considered for short-term treatment, with caution regarding toxicity (Level B), and tizanidine may be considered (Level C). There are insufficient data to support or refute use of dantrolene, oral baclofen, or continuous intrathecal baclofen (Level U). Copyright © 2010 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Neurocognition in bipolar disorders-A closer look at comorbidities and medications$$$ The last decade has witnessed a growing interest in the neuropsychological study of bipolar disorder (BD). This chronic mood disorder is associated with persistent neurocognitive impairments even during periods of euthymia, particularly in the broad domains of attention, verbal memory and executive functions. More interestingly, cognitive dysfunction seems to predict a poorer functional outcome among BD patients and thus represents an important target for future therapies. The aetiology of cognitive dysfunction is probably multifactorial, including gene-environment interactions with potentially confounding variables as well. Drug-induced cognitive adverse effects represent an important and difficult to examine confounder. This review provides an overview of selected aspects of neurocognition in bipolar disorder with a focus on the relative contributions of medications as well as medical and psychiatric comorbid conditions to cognitive dysfunction. Finally, recommendations for future research in the field are provided including collaborative studies with larger samples, observational follow-up studies, as well as randomized clinical trials comparing head-to-head the neurocognitive impact of different medications. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Correlation between serum level of antiepileptic drugs and their side effects$$$ Objectives: The aim of the study is to investigate the relation between serum levels of anticonvulsants and their side effects. Methods: This is a prospective cross sectional hospital based study conducted at Al Shaab Teaching Hospital. 120 patients were included in the study. The AEDs used were phenytoin, phenobarbitone, carbamazibine, and sodium valproate. Results: The results showed that the side effects among the studied group were not uncommon. Conclusion: There was no relationship between serum levels of AEDs and their side effects. ER  - 
Adverse Antiepileptic Drug Effects$$$ Adverse Antiepileptic Drug Effects: Toward a Clinically and Neurobiologically Relevant Taxonomy. Perucca P, Carter J, Vahle V, Gilliam FG. Neurology 2009;72(14):1223–1229. BACKGROUND: Adverse effects (AEs) of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are a major impediment to optimal dosing for seizure control. Better understanding of clinical properties of AEs is a prerequisite for systematic research of their neurobiological underpinnings. This study aimed to define specific patterns of AE occurrence and determine their clinical relevance based on their association with subjective health status. METHODS: Two hundred subjects with epilepsy completed validated self-report health assessments, including the Adverse Event Profile (AEP) and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE)-89. Factor analysis was performed on the 19 AEP items to identify distinct classes of AEs. Correlations between AE class scores and QOLIE-89 scores were evaluated. Multivariate analysis was used to assess contributions of AE class scores to QOLIE-89 scores after controlling for depression and seizure frequency. Relationships between changes in AE class scores and changes in QOLIE-89 scores were also investigated in a subgroup of 62 subjects enrolled in a randomized trial. RESULTS: The mean number of AEs per subject was 6.5. AEs were segregated into five classes: Cognition/Coordination, Mood/Emotion, Sleep, Weight/Cephalgia, and Tegument/Mucosa. Higher scores in each AE class were associated with lower QOLIE-89 scores. Cognition/Coordination scores were the strongest predictor of QOLIE-89 scores. Improvements in Cognition/Coordination, Mood/Emotion, and Tegument/Mucosa scores were associated with improvements in QOLIE-89 scores. Improved Cognition/Coordination was the only predictor of improved QOLIE-89. CONCLUSION: Adverse effects (AEs) of antiepileptic drugs can be classified in five biologically plausible factors. When specific classes of AEs are identified and attempts are made to reduce them, quality of life is significantly improved. ER  - 
Lipid oxidation and peroxidation in CNS Health and disease: From molecular mechanisms to therapeutic opportunities$$$ Reactive oxygen species (ROS) are produced at low levels in mammalian cells by various metabolic processes, such as oxidative phosphorylation by the mitochondrial respiratory chain, NAD(P)H oxidases, and arachidonic acid oxidative metabolism. To maintain physiological redox balance, cells have endogenous antioxidant defenses regulated at the transcriptional level by Nrf2/ARE. Oxidative stress results when ROS production exceeds the cell's ability to detoxify ROS. Overproduction of ROS damages cellular components, including lipids, leading to decline in physiological function and cell death. Reaction of ROS with lipids produces oxidized phospholipids, which give rise to 4-hydroxynonenal, 4-oxo-2-nonenal, and acrolein. The brain is susceptible to oxidative damage due to its high lipid content and oxygen consumption. Neurodegenerative diseases (AD, ALS, bipolar disorder, epilepsy, Friedreich's ataxia, HD, MS, NBIA, NPC, PD, peroxisomal disorders, schizophrenia, Wallerian degeneration, Zellweger syndrome) and CNS traumas (stroke, TBI, SCI) are problems of vast clinical importance. Free iron can react with H 2O2 via the Fenton reaction, a primary cause of lipid peroxidation, and may be of particular importance for these CNS injuries and disorders. Cholesterol is an important regulator of lipid organization and the precursor for neurosteroid biosynthesis. Atherosclerosis, the major risk factor for ischemic stroke, involves accumulation of oxidized LDL in the arteries, leading to foam cell formation and plaque development. This review will discuss the role of lipid oxidation/peroxidation in various CNS injuries/disorders. Antioxid Redox Signal. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Managing Mental Health Conditions in Primary Care Settings$$$ Depression is one of the most commonly encountered conditions in women's health, but many providers lack the knowledge and skills needed to identify and manage depression in primary care settings. This article discusses strategies that can improve the identification and treatment of depression. In addition, it describes how these strategies were incorporated into an urban inner-city health center. These strategies used in this setting can be adapted for use in either comprehensive health care centers or in practices providing primarily obstetric and gynecologic services. © 2010 American College of Nurse-Midwives. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy for aggressive behaviours in persons with intellectual disabilities: Treatment or mistreatment?$$$ Background: Antipsychotic medications have been used extensively to treat aggressive behaviours in persons with intellectual disabilities (ID) when the main psychiatric diagnoses given to them in the past were schizophrenia, childhood psychoses and ID with behaviour problems. Today, antipsychotics are still estimated to comprise 30-50% of all the psychotropics prescribed for persons with ID, although the prevalence of psychotic disorders is only 3% in this population. The overuse of antipsychotics in persons with ID could be justified if their aggressive behaviours were associated with mostly psychotic disorders and not other psychiatric disorders or factors and if the anti-aggressive properties of the antipsychotics have been supported by basic research or reviews of clinical studies. Is that so? This article explores these questions. Methods: The literature on aggressive behaviours, their associations with psychiatric disorders and other contributing factors and the past and current treatment options for aggressive behaviours in persons with and without ID was reviewed. Also, the literature on basic research regarding the brain receptors implicated in aggressive behaviours and the basic research and clinical studies on the anti-aggressive properties of antipsychotics was reviewed. Results: Aggressive behaviours in persons with ID serve different functions and many factors contribute to their initiation, maintenance and exacerbations or attenuation including most of the psychiatric and personality disorders. Genetic disorders, early victimisation, non-enriched and restrictive environments during childhood or later on and traumatic brain injury, which are common in persons with ID, have been associated with aggressive behaviours and with mostly non-psychotic disorders in persons with and without ID. If the factors above and the knowledge derived from studies of domestic violence and premeditated aggression in persons without ID are considered and applied during the evaluation of the most severe aggressive behaviours in persons with ID, more appropriate and effective treatment than antipsychotics can be implemented. Basic research implicates mostly the GABA and the serotonin pre-post synaptic brain receptors influence the initiation, modulation or inhibition of aggression in animals. The anti-aggressive properties of the antipsychotics have not been supported by reviews of clinical studies and basic research is absent. Antipsychotics are the indicated treatment only for psychiatric disorders and for aggressive behaviours associated with psychotic disorders and psychotic features as activation of dopamine receptor leads to defensive aggression. Conclusions: Most of the persons with ID and aggressive behaviours do not have a diagnosis of psychotic disorder and there is lack of strong evidence supporting the anti-aggressive properties of the antipsychotics. The overuse of antipsychotics in this population may be explained by the old, faulty notion that aggressive behaviour in persons with ID is mostly associated with psychotic disorders. Given the discrediting of this notion, the use of antipsychotics in persons with ID may, in some cases, be considered mistreatment rather than proper treatment. In order to reverse the practice of over-prescribing antipsychotics for aggressive behaviours in persons with ID, basic research information on aggression must be disseminated, the search for the 'quick fix' must be abandoned and the promotion of antipsychotics as anti-aggressive drugs must be discouraged. Matching the treatment with the variables contributing to the aggressive behaviours, seeking a long-term rather than a short-term solution and avoiding the promotion of only one type of treatment for all types of aggression might change the current practice and improve the quality of life for many persons with ID. © 2009 The Author. Journal Compilation © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Superior survival after replacing oral with intravenous busulfan in autologous stem cell transplantation for non-Hodgkin lymphoma with busulfan, cyclophosphamide and etoposide$$$ Autologous stem cell transplantation (ASCT) with cyclophosphamide, etoposide and oral busulfan (BuCyVP) is an effective therapy for relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). Substituting intravenous for oral busulfan reduces variability in drug exposure, potentially improving the safety and efficacy of the BuCyVP regimen. We retrospectively compared the outcomes of 604 consecutively treated patients who underwent ASCT for NHL with BuCyVP using oral (n = 468) or IV (n = 136) busulfan, without measurement of busulfan levels for pharmacokinetic (PK) analysis. Patients who received oral busulfan experienced more severe oral mucositis and a higher incidence of nonrelapse mortality. Median overall survival (OS) after ASCT was 72 months with oral busulfan but was not reached for the IV busulfan group. IV busulfan was associated with a lower rate of relapse, and superior relapse-free survival (RFS) and OS. In multivariate models, the route of busulfan administration was an independent prognostic factor for relapse (P = 0·01), RFS (P = 0·002) and OS (P = 0·001). IV busulfan appears to provide better efficacy and lower toxicity than oral busulfan in ASCT with BuCyVP for NHL. Whether PK-based busulfan dosing can achieve further improvements in this setting is worthy of study. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment strategies for dystonia$$$ Importance of the field: Dystonia is a neurological syndrome characterized by involuntary twisting movements and unnatural postures. It has many different manifestations and causes, and many different treatment options are available. These options include physical and occupational therapy, oral medications, intramuscular injection of botulinum toxins, and neurosurgical interventions. Areas covered in this review: In this review, we first summarize the treatment options available, then we provide suggestions from our own experience for how these can be applied in different types of dystonia. In preparing this review article, an extensive literature search was undertaken using PubMed. Only selected references from 1970 to 2008 are cited. What the reader will gain: This review is intended to provide the clinician with a practical guide to the treatment of dystonia. Take home message: Treatment of dystonia begins with proper diagnosis and classification, followed by an appropriate search for underlying etiology, and an assessment of the functional impairment associated with the dystonia. The therapeutic approach, which is usually limited to symptomatic therapy, must then be tailored to the individual needs of the patient. ER  - 
Zonisamide in the treatment of epilepsy Schulze-Bonhage zonisamide$$$ Importance of the field: More than 1 million epilepsy patients suffer from insufficiently controlled epilepsy, both in the USA and in Europe. Zonisamide is an antiepileptic drug with multiple mechanisms of action, corresponding to efficacy in diverse epilepsy syndromes. Areas covered in this review: Here, an update on pharmacodynamics, pharmacokinetics, clinical efficacy and safety in childhood and adult epilepsies is given based on an analysis of controlled and uncontrolled studies, European, US and East Asian, and on clinical experience with zonisamide (ZNS) published up to 2009. What the reader will gain: Evidence is presented that ZNS is effective not only in adult focal epilepsies, for which it has been approved in the USA and in Europe, but also may offer treatment options for compassionate use in a spectrum of difficult-to-treat epilepsy syndromes. Its favorable pharmacokinetic profile allows for easy combination with most available antiepileptic drugs. Take home message: Provided that additional studies on ZNS are performed to extend approval and to generate comparative data, ZNS has a potential to gain importance in the treatmnt of a wide spectrum of epilepsy patients. ER  - 
Fifteen-year experience of pediatric-onset mixed connective tissue disease$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate the initial clinical manifestations, laboratory data, complications, and outcomes of patients with pediatric-onset mixed connective tissue disease (MCTD) in Taiwan. We reviewed medical charts of patients younger than 18 years with a diagnosis of mixed connective tissue disease based on the criteria of Kasukawa (1) at the pediatric department of National Taiwan University Hospital from 1993 to 2008. A total of 12 patients were included. All of the patients were female. The mean age at disease onset was 10.7 years (range 6.5 to 14 years). The most common symptoms at disease onset were polyarthritis (7/12 patients) and Raynaud's phenomenon (7/12 patients). The clinical symptoms changed with time, and other symptoms encompassing the criteria for MCTD developed sequentially. Inflammatory manifestations (arthritis, fever, and skin rash) improved following treatment, whereas sclerodermatous features (sclerodactyly, esophageal disease, and vasculopathy) persisted and were often unresponsive to therapy. The organ involvement-free rates at 2 years, 5 years, and 10 years were 91.7%, 78.6%, and 52.4%, respectively. In this retrospective study, sclerodermatous changes of internal organs were a poor prognostic factor in our population, and we emphasize that long-term follow-up is necessary, and appropriate treatment should be applied to improve the outcomes. © 2009 Clinical Rheumatology. ER  - 
Brain tumor signs and symptoms: Analysis of primary health care records from the UKCCS$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the frequency of brain tumor signs and symptoms in children with and without brain tumors. METHODS: This was a UK population-based retrospective analysis of primary care records. Participants were 195 children (1-14 years) newly diagnosed with brain tumors and 285 controls matched by age, gender, and region. Comparisons included total number of prediagnosis consultations, number with ≥1 symptom suggestive of a brain tumor, total number of symptoms, number of different symptoms, and number of visits with specific combinations of symptoms. RESULTS: On average, cases consulted more often than controls between birth and diagnosis/pseudodiagnosis with brain tumor signs and symptoms. Their consultation rate with ≥1 suggestive symptom escalated in the 2 years before diagnosis. Symptom prevalence was higher among cases than controls, a relative difference of 3.29 times as many consultations with ≥1 suggestive symptom (95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.82-3.83) and 7.01 as many with more than 1 (95% CI: 5.38-9.13). In each 6-month period in the 4 years before diagnosis, cases had at least twice as many consultations with ≥1 suggestive symptom (20.81 times as many in the 6 months before diagnosis [95% CI: 14.29-30.30]) and 2-3 times more records of suggestive symptoms (28.35 times more in the 6 months before diagnosis [95% CI: 19.05-42.19]). Symptoms rarely or not observed among control children included head tilt, odd head movements, odd posture, back or neck stiffness, and unsteadiness without obvious cause. CONCLUSION: Key to identifying the 1 child among many who merits prompt investigation is recognition of unusual symptoms, or specific symptom patterns. Copyright © 2009 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Sexual function in chronic illness$$$ Introduction: Direct and indirect effects of chronic disease on sexual health are frequent and complex, but guidelines for their optimal management are lacking. With improved surgical and medical treatment of the underlying disease, the numbers of men and women needing assessment and management of associated sexual dysfunction are increasing. Aim: To provide recommendations/guidelines for the clinical management of sexual dysfunction within the context of chronic illness. Methods: An international consultation in collaboration with the major sexual medicine associations assembled 186 multidisciplinary experts from 33 countries into 25 committees. Nine experts from four countries compiled the recommendations of sexual dysfunction in chronic illness and cancer with four focusing on neurological, renal, and psychiatric disease and lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). Searches were conducted using Medline, Embase, Lilacs, and Pubmed databases. Main Outcome Measures: Expert opinion was based on grading of evidence-based medical literature, widespread internal committee discussion, public presentation, and debate. Results: Some conclusions concerning prevalence and pathophysiology of sexual dysfunction in the context of neurological disorders, end-stage renal failure, LUTS, and psychiatric disease were made. Optimal assessment of the multiple factors affecting sexuality when one or both partners are chronically ill is outlined. Evidence-based recommendations for management are presented. Comorbid depression is frequent and independently determines prevalence of sexual dysfunction in many conditions. Conclusions: There is need for more research and scientific reporting on prevalence, pathophysiology, and optimal treatment of sexual dysfunction associated with chronic illness. Screening for and managing comorbid depression is strongly recommended. © 2010 International Society for Sexual Medicine. ER  - 
Drugs to treat fibromyalgia - The transatlantic difference$$$ Fibromyalgia is a disorder characterized by chronic widespread musculoskeletal pain and stiffness. In 2007, the US FDA approved pregabalin as the first drug indicated for the management of fibromyalgia. Within 18 months, the agency had also approved duloxetine and milnacipran for the same indication. However, although these drugs are already marketed in Europe for other indications, the European regulatory authorities recently rejected extending approval for these three drugs for the treatment of fibromyalgia. This editorial discusses the possible reasons for this 'transatlantic difference'. © Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Ltd ISSN. ER  - 
Nicotinic receptor mechanisms in neuropsychiatric disorders: Therapeutic implications$$$ Nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR) dysfunction is believed to contribute to numerous neurpsychiatric disorders. nAChRs belong to the class of ligand-gated ion channels that are present in the central nervous system. The endogenous ligand for nAChRs is acetylcholine, and nicotine directly acts on this receptor. nAChR modulation may play a modulatory role in several neuropsychiatric disorders. It may improve clinical features such as depressive symptoms; parkinsonism; and cognitive dysfunction related to working and verbal memory, executive functions, and attention. This article discusses nAChR modulation and drugs that act on the nAChR as an agonist, antagonist, or partial agonist in neuropsychiatric disorders and potential therapeutic implications in a variety of "nicotine-responsive" neuropsychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Peginterferon Alfa-2a/Ribavirin for 48 or 72 Weeks in Hepatitis C Genotypes 1 and 4 Patients With Slow Virologic Response$$$ Background & Aims: This randomized multicenter trial evaluated individualization of treatment duration with peginterferon alfa-2a 180 μg/wk plus ribavirin 1000/1200 mg/day in patients with chronic hepatitis C genotype 1/4 based on the rapidity of virologic response (VR). Methods: Patients with a rapid VR (RVR; undetectable hepatitis C virus [HCV]-RNA level (<50 IU/mL at week 4) were treated for 24 weeks, those with an early VR (EVR; no RVR but undetectable HCV-RNA level or ≥2-log10 decrease at week 12) were randomized to 48 (group A) or 72 weeks of treatment (group B; peginterferon alfa-2a was reduced to 135 μg/wk after week 48). Patients without an EVR continued treatment until week 72 if they had undetectable HCV-RNA levels at week 24. The primary end point was relapse; sustained VR (SVR; undetectable HCV-RNA level after 24 weeks of follow-up evaluation) was a secondary end point. Results: Of 551 genotype 1/4 patients starting treatment, 289 were randomized to group A (N = 139) or group B (N = 150). The relapse rate was 33.6% in group A (95% confidence interval [CI], 24.8%-43.4%) and 18.5% in group B (95% CI, 11.9%-27.6%; P = .0115 vs group A) and the SVR rate was 51.1% (95% CI, 42.5%-59.6%) and 58.6% (95% CI, 50.3%-66.6%; P > .1), respectively. The overall SVR rate was 50.4% (278 of 551; 95% CI, 46.2%-54.7%), including 115 of 150 patients with an RVR treated for 24 weeks and 4 of 78 patients without an EVR. Conclusions: Extending therapy with peginterferon alfa-2a/ribavirin to 72 weeks decreases the probability of relapse in patients with an EVR. If they can be maintained on extended-duration therapy, SVR rates also may improve. © 2010 AGA Institute. ER  - 
Bullous pemphigoid and internal diseases - A case-control study$$$ To study associations of bullous pemphigoid (BP) with internal diseases, we conducted a retrospective case control study assessing the frequency of selected diseases - diabetes mellitus, neurological diseases, malignant tumors, benign prostate hyperplasia, hypertension and ischemic heart disease in patients with BP. 89 patients with BP, whose data were retrieved from the register of the Centre of bullous diseases from the period of 1991-2006, were matched with 89 controls of the same age and gender, recruited from patients treated for other skin diseases. The frequency of internal diseases at the time of the onset of BP was evaluated by unconditional logistic regression adjusted for age and gender and maximum likelihood test for contingency tables. Neurological disease was found in 42.7% of the patients and in 19.1% of controls. This difference was statistically significant (p value = 0.001). Moreover, regression analysis has shown that patients with neurological disease in the age group ≥ 80 years have significantly higher risk of pemphigoid than patients without neurological disease (odds ratio 10.55; 95% confidence interval 2.68 to 41.49). Most frequent were cerebral stroke in men and dementia in women. For other diseases and other age groups, no statistically significant influence was found. ER  - 
Ifosfamide encephalopathy associated with chemotherapy for musculoskeletal sarcomas: Incidence, severity, and risk factors$$$ Background: Ifosfamide encephalopathy is a central nervous system toxicity that occurs in patients treated with ifosfamide. Although it has been reported in European and American patients with various carcinomas, there have been no published reports regarding ifosfamide encephalopathy in Asian patients with bone and soft tissue sarcomas. Methods: We retrospectively examined the incidence, severity, and risk factors of ifosfamide encephalopathy in 61 Japanese patients with bone and soft tissue sarcomas at our institution. Results: Ifosfamide encephalopathy occurred in 17 of 61 patients (31.2%) to whom ifosfamide was administered and in 29 of 214 ifosfamide treatment courses (13.6%). The most common symptoms of encephalopathy were "confusion," "somnolence," and "mood alteration - agitation." Severe encephalopathy occurred only in patients who received ifosfamide at doses ≥9 g/m2. A history of cisplatin use was identified as a significant risk factor for the development of ifosfamide-induced encephalopathy. Conclusions: Because of the risk of severe encephalopathy, we conclude that patients who have previously received cisplatin or who receive ifosfamide at doses ≥9 g/m 2 require strict monitoring. © 2010 The Japanese Orthopaedic Association. ER  - 
Prescribing antipsychotics for children and adolescents$$$ The prescription of antipsychotic medication in children and adolescents (<18 years of age) has increased immensely for a wide range of disorders including psychoses, bipolar disorder, conduct disorder, pervasive developmental disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder. This has led to some concerns particularly as the evidence base in some areas is not strong, and antipsychotic medication - both first generation (FGA) and second generation (SGA) - is associated with considerable side-effects. Evidence from an increasing number of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) points to therapeutic efficacy with moderate to large effect sizes. However, some RCTs have a small number of participants, are of short duration, and many are industry funded. The use of antipsychotics alongside psychosocial interventions can be recommended in certain disorders, provided there is continued, careful monitoring. It is important to note, however, that for many conditions the use of antipsychotics is not licensed in the UK. ER  - 
Intrathecal analgesia in cancer pain$$$ The incidence of cancer continues to increase worldwide. This leads to an increase in the number of patients, with pain associated to their disease or treatment. When oral pain medications fail to provide relief or result in significant toxicities, intrathecal analgesia may be a treatment option. We reviewed available preclinical and clinical studies as well as previously published review articles on the use of intrathecal analgesia and implanted drug delivery systems for cancer pain. There is good evidence for the use of intrathecal analgesia in cancer pain management. We outline recent findings in intrathecal analgesics and implantable devices. Physicians now have the ability to make better-informed decisions regarding drug selection and method of neuroaxial analgesia than in the past. There is still much that is unknown, and further research for the use of intrathecal analgesics in cancer pain is warranted. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The expanding universe of neurotrophic factors: Therapeutic potential in aging and age-associated disorders$$$ Multiple molecular, cellular, structural and functional changes occur in the brain during aging. Neural cells may respond to these changes adaptively by employing multiple mechanisms in order to maintain the integrity of nerve cell circuits and to facilitate responses to environmental demands. Otherwise, they may succumb to neurodegenerative cascades that result in disorders such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases. An important role in this balancement is played by neurotrophic factors, which are central to many aspects of nervous system function since they regulate the development, maintenance and survival of neurons and neuron-supporting cells such as glia and oligodendrocytes. A vast amount of evidence indicates that alterations in levels of neurotrophic factors or their receptors can lead to neuronal death and contribute to aging as well as to the pathogenesis of diseases of abnormal trophic support (such as neurodegenerative diseases and depression) and diseases of abnormal excitability (such as epilepsy and central pain sensitization). Cellular and molecular mechanisms by which neurotrophic factors may influence cell survival and excitability are also critically examined to provide novel concepts and targets for the treatment of psysiological changes bearing detrimental functional alterations and of different diseases affecting the central nervous system during aging. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Management of chronic low back pain in active individuals$$$ Chronic low back pain (LBP) is a common and potentially disabling condition in all adults, including those who are physically active. It currently is challenging for clinicians and patients to choose among the numerous treatment options. This review summarizes recommendations from recent clinical practice guidelines and systematic reviews about common primary care and secondary care approaches to the management of chronic LBP. The best available evidence currently suggests that in the absence of serious spinal pathology, nonspinal causes, or progressive or severe neurologic deficits, the management of chronic LBP should focus on patient education, self-care, common analgesics, and back exercises. Short-term pain relief may be obtained from spinal manipulative therapy or acupuncture. For patients with psychological comorbidities, adjunctive analgesics, behavioral therapy, or multidisciplinary rehabilitation also may be appropriate. Given the importance of active participation in recovery patient preference should be sought to help select from among the recommended treatment options. Copyright © 2010 by the American College of Sports Medicine. ER  - 
Topiramate in the prevention and treatment of migraine: Efficacy, safety and patient preference$$$ Migraine is a very common disorder characterized by the combination of typical headache with associated autonomic symptoms and/or the presence of aura. Considerable advances have been made in recent years to understand the pathophysiology of migraine, which has led to improved treatment options for the acute migraine attack as well as migraine prophylaxis. Unfortunately, preventive treatment is often insufficient to decrease migraine frequency substantially or is not well tolerated. Topiramate is an antipileptic drug with a complex mode of action which has proven its efficacy and safety in the prophylactic treatment of episodic migraine in a number of randomized controlled clinical trials. Topiramate is also effective in treating patients with chronic migraine. It has little pharmacological interaction with other drugs and is generally well tolerated by patients. © 2010 Naegel and Obermann, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Cognition and depression: The effects of fluvoxamine, a sigma-1 receptor agonist, reconsidered$$$ Cognitive impairment is a primary feature of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) and is characterised by stress-induced neural atrophy. Via alpha-adrenergic, anti-cholinergic and anti-histaminic activities, several antidepressants can cause significant counter-therapeutic cognitive impairment. Evidence is emerging of the involvement of sigma-1 receptor agonism in the mechanism of action of some antidepressants, notably fluvoxamine. Sigma-1 receptors are abundant in areas affected by depression/stress-induced cerebral atrophy and their ligands have a unique pharmacological profile; they may promote neurogenesis and initiate adaptive neural plasticity as a protection/ reaction to stress. Fluvoxamine, as a potent sigma-1 receptor agonist, has shown ameliorating effects in animal models of psychosis, depression, stress, anxiety, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and aggression and has been shown to improve cognitive impairments. In humans, fluvoxamine may repair central nervous system (CNS) atrophy and restore cognitive function. The current review explores the mechanisms through which sigma-1 receptors can modulate cognitive function and examines how antidepressant therapy with fluvoxamine may help improve cognitive outcomes in patients with depression. Copyright © 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacological management in children and adolescents with pervasive developmental disorder$$$ Objective: Pervasive developmental disorder (PDD) is associated with emotional and behavioural problems. There is no pharmacological cure for PDD, but some comorbidities and dysfunctional behaviours in PDD can be managed pharmacologically. The aim of the present study was to provide a better understanding of the efficacy and limitations in the currently available agents. Methods: Electronic literature searches were conducted from the following sources: MEDLINE, Cochrane Library, PSYARTICLES and PsycINFO. Search terms included, but were not limited to, 'autism', 'PDD', 'autism spectrum disorder' ('ASD'), and 'pharmacological management'. Results: A range of pharmacological agents are available for the management of various dysfunctional symptoms in PDD. Broadly speaking, these agents help in the management of repetitive stereotyped behaviours, anxiety, aggression/irritability/self-injurious behaviour, hyperactivity/inattention and in sleep. Conclusions: There is a paucity of systemic, well-conducted trials on the use of pharmacological agents in the management of PDD, and more research in this area is warranted. © 2010 The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists. ER  - 
Gabapentin enacarbil in restless legs syndrome$$$ Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is a sleep-related movement disorder with a high prevalence in the general population. Patients affected by a severe form of the disorder may develop comorbidities, such as psychological distress, cognitive dysfunction and cardiovascular diseases; these patients require pharmacotherapy. Dopamine agonists represent the first line treatment for RLS patients but, if adverse events such as compulsive behaviors and augmentation occur, the pharmacological approach should be modified. Gabapentin is a GABA analogue used in the treatment of seizures and pain syndromes. This drug has an unfavorable pharmacokinetic profile; the prodrug gabapentin enacarbil was developed to overcome this limitation. Unlike oral gabapentin, gabapentin enacarbil shows no evidence of saturation and exposure to gabapentin is dose proportional. The extended release formulation of gabapentin enacarbil has the characteristics of an optimal drug therapy. Doses from 1200 to 1800 mg/day of gabapentin enacarbil appear effective in treating RLS after only a few days of treatment. The most frequently reported adverse events associated with gabapentin enacarbil are dizziness and somnolence, which are transient and of mild intensity. Further studies are required to confirm the long term efficacy and safety of gabapentin enacarbil on the symptoms of RLS. Copyright © 2010 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Management of drug-resistant tuberculosis$$$ Drug-resistant tuberculosis (DR-TB) in adults is either acquired due to poor treatment management or transmitted from infectious DR-TB cases, while children mainly have transmitted disease. Diagnosis of DR-TB relies on drug susceptibility testing (DST), which is not routinely performed in high tuberculosis (TB) burden settings. The Category II retreatment regimen is inadequate for Category I failures if multidrug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) is present. Where possible, DST should be performed for Category I failures and other patients with a high risk of DR-TB. Fluoroquinolones (FQs) should be used with caution in the treatment of mono- and polyresistant TB. Modification of regimens for mono- and polyresistance is prone to error if DST results are not reliable or if there is possible additional drug resistance due to further drug exposure. While standardised treatment is feasible for MDR-TB patients never previously treated with second-line drugs, a different strategy is required for those MDRTB patients who have previously been treated with second-line drugs. Sputum conversion, adverse effects and adherence to MDR-TB treatment should be monitored closely. The presence of FQ resistance prior to MDR-TB treatment poses a serious challenge. To prevent the development of extensively drug-resistant TB, strategies to protect the FQs, the most important second-line agents, need to be developed. Clinical trials assessing MDR-TB treatment regimens are urgently needed. © 2010 The Union. ER  - 
Pharmacologic agents for smoking cessation: A clinical review$$$ Tobacco use has been clearly demonstrated to have negative health consequences. Smoking cigarettes is the predominant method of tobacco use. The tar contained within cigarettes and other similar products is also harmful. Other tarless tobacco containing products do exist but carry no significantly decreased risk. While nicotine is considered to be principally responsible for tobacco addiction, other chemicals in the cigarette smoke including acetaldehyde may contribute to the addictive properties of tobacco products. The adverse health consequences of tobacco use have been well documented. Studies have shown that a combined behavioral and pharmacological approach is more effective in smoking cessation than either approach alone. Pharmacotherapy can achieve 50% reduction in smoking. With pharmacotherapy the estimated 6-month abstinence rate is about 20%, whereas it is about 10% without pharmacotherapy. The first-line of drugs for smoking cessation are varenicline, bupropion sustained release, and nicotine replacement drugs, which are approved for use in adults. Data are insufficient to recommend their use in adolescents. This article reviews the use of pharmacological agents used for smoking cessation. A brief overview of epidemiology, chemistry, and adverse health effects of smoking is provided. © 2010 Patel et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Preclinical pharmacology, efficacy, and safety of varenicline in smoking cessation and clinical utility in high risk patients$$$ Smoking is still the most prominent cause of preventable premature death in the United States and an increasing cause of morbidity and mortality throughout the world. Although the current treatments such as nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) and bupropion are effective, long-term abstinence rates are low. Mechanism studies suggest that the pleasurable effects of smoking are mediated predominantly by nicotine, which activates the brain reward system by activation of brain α4β2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs). Varenicline is a novel α4β2 nAChR partial agonist and has been found to be even more effective than NRT or bupropion in attenuating smoking satisfaction and in relieving craving and withdrawal symptoms after abstinence. Thus, varenicline has been recently approved to be a first-line medication for smoking cessation in the United States and European countries. Varenicline is generally well tolerated in healthy adult smokers, with the most commonly reported adverse effects being nausea, insomnia, and headache. However, growing postmarketing data has linked varenicline to an increase in neuropsychiatric symptoms such as seizures, suicidal attempts, depression, and psychosis as well as serious injuries potentially relating to unconsciousness, dizziness, visual disturbances, or movement disorders. Therefore, new safety warnings are issued to certain high risk populations, such as patients with mental illness and operators of commercial vehicles and heavy machinery. In particular, pilots, air traffic controllers, truck and bus drivers have been banned from taking varenicline. © 2010 Xi, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Supervised injectable heroin or injectable methadone versus optimised oral methadone as treatment for chronic heroin addicts in England after persistent failure in orthodox treatment (RIOTT): a randomised trial$$$ Background: Some heroin addicts persistently fail to benefit from conventional treatments. We aimed to compare the effectiveness of supervised injectable treatment with medicinal heroin (diamorphine or diacetylmorphine) or supervised injectable methadone versus optimised oral methadone for chronic heroin addiction. Methods: In this multisite, open-label, randomised controlled trial, we enrolled chronic heroin addicts who were receiving conventional oral treatment (≥6 months), but continued to inject street heroin regularly (≥50% of days in preceding 3 months). Randomisation by minimisation was used to assign patients to receive supervised injectable methadone, supervised injectable heroin, or optimised oral methadone. Treatment was provided for 26 weeks in three supervised injecting clinics in England. Primary outcome was 50% or more of negative specimens for street heroin on weekly urinalysis during weeks 14-26. Primary analysis was by intention to treat; data were adjusted for centre, regular crack use at baseline, and treatment with optimised oral methadone at baseline. Percentages were calculated with Rubin's rules and were then used to estimate numbers of patients in the multiple imputed samples. This study is registered, ISRCTN01338071. Findings: Of 301 patients screened, 127 were enrolled and randomly allocated to receive injectable methadone (n=42 patients), injectable heroin (n=43), or oral methadone (n=42); all patients were included in the primary analysis. At 26 weeks, 80% (n=101) patients remained in assigned treatment: 81% (n=34) on injectable methadone, 88% (n=38) on injectable heroin, and 69% (n=29) on oral methadone. Patients on injectable heroin were significantly more likely to have achieved the primary outcome (72% [n=31]) than were those on oral methadone (27% [n=11], OR 7·42, 95% CI 2·69-20·46, p<0·0001; adjusted: 66% [n=28] vs 19% [n=8], 8·17, 2·88-23·16, p<0·0001), with number needed to treat of 2·17 (95% CI 1·60-3·97). For injectable methadone (39% [n=16]; adjusted: 30% [n=14]) versus oral methadone, the difference was not significant (OR 1·74, 95% CI 0·66-4·60, p=0·264; adjusted: 1·79, 0·67-4·82, p=0·249). For injectable heroin versus injectable methadone, a significant difference was recorded (4·26, 1·63-11·14, p=0·003; adjusted: 4·57, 1·71-12·19, p=0·002), but the study was not powered for this comparison. Differences were evident within the first 6 weeks of treatment. Interpretation: Treatment with supervised injectable heroin leads to significantly lower use of street heroin than does supervised injectable methadone or optimised oral methadone. UK Government proposals should be rolled out to support the positive response that can be achieved with heroin maintenance treatment for previously unresponsive chronic heroin addicts. Funding: Community Fund (Big Lottery) Research section, through Action on Addiction. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Zonisamide as adjunctive therapy for adults with partial- onset epileptic seizures: An efficacy and safety review$$$ Purpose: To provide a review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the efficacy and safety of zonisamide as an adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures in epilepsy patients ages 12 years and above. Methods: Medline literature search for published double-blind RCTs involving zonisamide as adjunctive treatment for simple partial, complex partial, and secondarily generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Results: Four RCTs comprising a total of 841 patients with medically-intractable simple partial, complex partial and secondarily generalized tonic-clonic seizures were published between the years 1993 and 2005. Zonisamide doses included 0, 100, 300, 400, 500 and 600 mg/day. Median change in frequency of all partial seizures compared to baseline was a 26.9%-51.3% decrease at zonisamide doses of 400-600 mg/day compared to a 4.7% increase to 18.1% decrease with placebo. Responder rates (>50% reduction) for all partial seizures was 26.9%-52.5% for zonisamide at these doses versus 9.8%-22% reduction for placebo. A dose-response relationship was noted up to 500 mg/day. Seizure free rates during the double blind treatment phases were 5%-6.2% for full-dose zonisamide versus 2% for placebo in two of the RCTs. Side effects were mostly CNS in type: somnolence, fatigue, dizziness and ataxia. Mild weight loss and anorexia were reported. Symptomatic renal calculi and serious rashes were not reported, but a few cases of possible stones seen transiently on ultrasound occurred, in these 4 RCTs. Four deaths occurred: none were taking zonisamide, and two appeared to be related to suffocation during seizures. Suicidal ideation and behavior occurred equally in placebo- and ZNS-treated subjects. Post-approval information suggests the rare occurrences of metabolic acidosis, oligohydrosis and hyperthermia, more commonly in children. Conclusion: Zonisamide at a daily dose up to 600 mg is effective and generally well tolerated as adjunctive therapy in adolescents and adults with refractory partial-onset seizures. © the author(s). ER  - 
Epilepsy in the elderly$$$ The elderly, often defined as those 65 years or older, are the most rapidly growing segment of the population, and onset of epilepsy is higher in this age group than in any other. This paper reviews recent developments, including a new proposed definition of epilepsy, a transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease that exhibits complex partial seizures, evidence that the highest incidence of epilepsy may occur after admission to a nursing home, a challenge to the vitamin D hypothesis of osteoporosis associated with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), evidence that the genetic complement of hepatic isoenzymes is more predictive of metabolic rate than age, and data showing that there is considerable variability in serum levels of AEDs in many nursing home residents during constant dosing conditions. © 2009 New York Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
A one-year study to assess the safety and efficacy of the CB1R inverse agonist taranabant in overweight and obese patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ Aim: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of taranabant in overweight and obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).Methods: This was a multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study in overweight and obese patients with T2DM (ages ≥ 18 and ≤ 75 years) with a BMI ≥ 27 kg/m2 and ≤ 43 kg/m2 and HbA1c ≥7.0 and ≤ 10.0%, who were either not on an antihyperglycaemic agent or on a stable dose of metformin (≥ 1500 mg/day). After a 2-week placebo run-in, patients were randomized to placebo (N = 156) or taranabant 0.5-mg (N = 155), 1-mg (N = 157), or 2-mg (N = 155) once daily for 52 weeks. Primary efficacy endpoints were changes from baseline in body weight (BW) and HbA1c at Week 36, with results at Week 52 being key secondary endpoints.Results: In the all-patients-treated population, using a last-observation-carried-forward analysis, reductions in BW were -2.5, -3.7, -4.5 and -5.1 kg at Week 36 and -2.4, -4.0, -4.6 and -5.3 kg at Week 52 in the placebo, 0.5-, 1- and 2-mg groups, respectively (all doses significant vs. placebo at both time points). The proportion of patients who lost ≥ 5 and ≥ 10% of their baseline BW was significantly greater in the 1- and 2-mg groups vs. placebo at Week 36 and all taranabant groups vs. placebo at Week 52. Reductions in HbA1c were -0.40, -0.47, -0.68 and -0.71% at Week 36 and -0.30, -0.43, -0.65 and -0.64% at Week 52, in the placebo, 0.5-, 1- and 2-mg groups, respectively (1- and 2-mg doses significant vs. placebo at both time points). After 52 weeks, the incidences of adverse experiences classified in the gastrointestinal (diarrhoea, nausea, vomiting), nervous system-related (dizziness, sensory-related), and psychiatric (irritability, depression-related) organ systems were numerically higher or statistically significantly higher in all taranabant groups compared with the placebo group.Conclusions: After 36 and 52 weeks, treatment with taranabant at the 1- and 2-mg doses led to clinically significant weight loss and improvement in glycaemic parameters in overweight and obese patients with T2DM that was associated with dose-related increases in adverse experiences. Based on these data and data from other Phase III clinical studies, it was determined that the overall safety and efficacy profile of taranabant did not support further development for the treatment of obesity. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Retigabine: The newer potential antiepileptic drug$$$ Retigabine represents an antiepileptic drug possessing a completely different mechanism of action when compared to the existing classical and newer antiepileptic drugs. In the therapeutic range, retigabine enhances potassium currents, very likely via destabiliza-tion of a closed conformation or stabilization of the open conformation of the potassium Kv7.2-7.3 channels. There are also data indicating that this drug may be a GABA enhancer. Kainate-induced status epilepticus in rats resulted in massive apoptosis in the pyriform cortex and hippocampal area - retigabine inhibited neurodegeneration only in the former brain structure. The metabolism of retigabine has nothing to do with cytochrome P450 enzymes and the drug undergoes glucuronidation and acetylation. Randomized, placebo-controlled multicenter studies have shown that retigabine produced a considerable improvement as an add-on drug in patients with partial drug-resistant epilepsy. The most prominent adverse effects due to retigabine combined with the existing antiepileptic treatment were dizziness, somnolence and fatigue. The preclinical data indicate that this antiepileptic drug may possibly be applied in patients with neuropathic pain and affective disorders. Initial clinical data suggest that retigabine may be also effective in Alzheimer's disease or stroke. © 2010 by Institute of Pharmacology Polish Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
Nervous system adverse responses to topiramate in the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ Importance of the field: Nervous system adverse drug reactions (NS-ADRs), such as cognitive complaints and paresthesia, are among the most frequent and clinically important ADRs of topiramate. Studying ADR profiles across disorders is clinically relevant because treatment decision-making in neuropsychiatry is highly guided by ADR profiles. Areas covered in this review: We used medline searches (until July 2009) to review the NS-ADRs of topiramate across the most investigated topiramate indications: alcohol dependence, essential tremor, binge-eating disorder, bulimia nervosa, migraine and epilepsy. We compared NS-ADRs between these disorders but did not carry out meta-analysis. What the reader will gain: ADR profiles greatly differed between disorders. Drop-outs due to ADRs highly varied between disorders: from 2% in the bulimia nervosa group to 29% in the migraine group. Paresthesia was the most common NS-ADR for all disorders but frequencies also differed between disorders. Cognitive complaints were frequent and were reported in comparable proportions. Take home message: When prescribing topiramate in neuropsychiatry, physicians should be aware that NS-ADR profiles have been found to differ between disorders. Differences in drop-out rates due to ADRs and in frequencies of specific NS-ADRs across disorders must be taken into account when evaluating the potential harm of topiramate in clinical practice. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of drugs for ulcerative colitis$$$ Importance of the field: Ulcerative colitis (UC) is a chronic inflammatory disorder of the colon that carries considerable burden and morbidity for patients and presents a constant challenge in management for gastroenterologists. Continued advances in medical therapies provide a range of treatment options for patients, but with this is the need to balance the potential benefits of a particular medication with its side effect profile in both the short and the long term. Areas covered in this review: This article will review the current drugs used in the treatment of UC, including 5-amninosalicylates, antibiotics, steroids, immunomodulators and biologics, with particular attention to their indications, efficacy and toxicity profile. What the reader will gain: The reader will gain a comprehensive understanding of the various medical therapies used in the treatment of UC with focus on efficacy and toxicity profiles, allowing providers to choose appropriate medical therapies for their patients. Take home message: The particular agent used depends upon the extent and severity of disease, with mild-to-moderate disease treated with conventional therapy including 5-amninosalicylates. Steroids are used in the short term to bring active disease into remission, and the more aggressive immunomodulators and biologics are reserved for more severe disease given their toxicity profiles. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Profile of neurological manifestations in systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Introduction: To study the pattern of neurological involvement in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and its correlation with investigation, disease activity and response to treatment. Methods: This observational study was carried out from June 2007 to May 2008. Diagnosed cases of SLE (based upon ARA criteria) who present with neurological manifestations at the time of diagnosis or develop neurological manifestations anytime during the course of the disease were followed up for six months. Both prospective and retrospective cases were included. Results: Of the 35 patients with neurological manifestations of SLE, presenting to KEM hospital, Mumbai from the period of June 2007 to May 2008, 94% were females. The commonest age group was 20-29 years. Manifestations observed were seizures (66%), altered sensorium (20%), psychosis (9%), hemiparesis (9%), headache (6%), peripheral neuropathy (6%), depression (3%), cognitive decline (3%) and myelopathy (3%). With appropriate and adequate treatment, at the end of the study, 86% patients improved neurologically and in terms of SLE disease activity, while 11% died and 4% remained the same state neurologically. Conclusion: Neurological involvement in SLE is seen relatively early during the course of the disease and correlates with disease activity. It is commonly seen in patients with SLE who receive inappropriate and/or inadequate treatment. ER  - 
Association between mood stabilizers and hypothyroidism in patients with bipolar disorders: A nested, matched case-control study$$$ Objectives: This study investigated whether lithium, carbamazepine, and valproate increased the risk for hypothyroidism using Taiwan's National Health Insurance Dataset. Methods: The sample included 557 bipolar disorder patients with incident hypothyroidism first diagnosed between 1998 and 2004, and 2,228 sex-, age-, and index date-matched bipolar disorder patients without hypothyroidism from 1996-2004. We compared the use of lithium, carbamazepine, and valproate before the onset of hypothyroidism between the two groups using a conditional logistical regression model. Results: Compared with patients who had never used any of the three mood stabilizers, patients were more likely to have hypothyroidism if they only used carbamazepine [odds ratio (OR) = 1.68; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.07-2.65]; or comedication of lithium and valproate (OR = 2.40; 95% CI: 1.70-3.40), lithium and carbamazepine (OR = 1.52; 95% CI: 1.10-2.08), and three mood stabilizers (OR = 2.34; 95% CI: 1.68-3.25). There was a dose-response relationship between the number of mood stabilizers and risk for hypothyroidism (OR = 1.34, 95% CI: 1.21-1.49) and a significant interaction between lithium and valproate on the risk for hypothyroidism (p = 0.020). Conclusions: Our findings indicate that lithium, carbamazepine, and valproate may increase the risk for hypothyroidism, particularly if combined, and suggest regular monitoring of thyroid function and monotherapy of mood stabilizers for treating patients with bipolar disorders. © 2010 The Authors. Journal compilation © 2010 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
A longitudinal study of transient epileptic amnesia$$$ Objective: To study the underlying pathophysiology and the long-term prognosis of the syndrome of transient epileptic amnesia (STEA). Background: STEA has been recently described as a distinct nosologic entity, in which memory impairment is the sole clinical manifestation of temporal lobe epilepsy. MethodS: Serial neuropsychologic examinations and electroencephalography (EEG) were performed on a patient with STEA, before and after treatment with antiepileptic drug for a 2-year study period. Results: Initial neuropsychologic assessment revealed isolated mild-to-moderate impairment in anterograde verbal and visual memory. EEG showed intermittent sharp and spike discharges from both temporal regions, independently, consistent with an underlying seizure tendency. Treatment with extended-release carbamazepine 200 mg twice daily led to complete resolution of the memory difficulty, and the repeat neuropsychologic assessment and EEG were within normal limits. Two years after the treatment was initiated, the patient remained asymptomatic and a third neuropsychologic assessment was completely normal. Conclusions: The memory impairment in STEA does not originate from a progressive neurodegenerative mechanism, but rather from an underlying epileptic and therefore reversible etiology. When identified and treated, STEA carries no memory impairment at 2 years after diagnosis. Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
The role of ondansetron in the treatment of schizophrenia$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy of ondansetron for the treatment of schizophrenia. DATA SOURCES: Searches of MEDLINE (1950-March 2010) and Google Scholar were performed. Key search terms included ondansetron, Zofran, serotonin antagonists, 5-HT3 serotonin receptor, and schizophrenia. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: All articles published in English identified from the data sources were evaluated. All studies and case reports evaluating ondansetron for the treatment of schizophrenia were reviewed. DATA SYNTHESIS: Six clinical trials, including 3 double-blind, randomized trials, and 2 case reports pertinent to ondansetron use in schizophrenia, were identified. Ondansetron daily doses ranged from 4 to 16 mg, with doses administered once or twice daily. Ondansetron was used as monotherapy in 3 trials and as an adjunct to therapy with clozapine, haloperidol, or risperidone, respectively, in 3 trials. Studies were of varying durations, ranging from a single-dose study with a 3-hour follow-up to three 12-week studies. Most studies evaluated ondansetron's efficacy in treating schizophrenia as measured with changes in Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS), Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale, and Clinical Global Impression scale scores. In the 2 largest trials, with a combined patient population of 151, treatment with adjunctive ondansetron resulted in statistically significant improvement in negative symptoms as assessed with PANSS. In all studies, ondansetron was well tolerated, with no severe adverse reactions reported. CONCLUSIONS: Ondansetron may be effective as an adjunct to antipsychotics for the treatment of schizophrenia, specifically negative symptoms, as assessed with PANSS. Due to the variation in concurrent therapies and dosing regimens, it is difficult to establish an optimal dose from the reviewed trials. Further large, randomized, double-blind, active-controlled studies would be helpful in determining the role of ondansetron in the treatment of schizophrenia. ER  - 
Antiviral treatment of chronic hepatitis C in clinical routine$$$ Objective: Pegylated interferon plus ribavirin is the standard treatment for chronic hepatitis C. Sustained virological response (SVR) rates of up to 60% are reported in randomized controlled trials, but it is unclear whether the results from such trials are reproducible in the clinical routine setting. We investigated consecutive treatment-naïve chronic hepatitis C patients at our center to examine the efficacy of treatment with pegylated interferon plus ribavirin in clinical routine. Materials and methods: Between 2000 and 2006 we treated a total of 219 patients with pegylated interferon alpha (2a or 2b) and ribavirin (800-1200 mg/d). Among them, 34.8% of patients infected with HCV genotypes 1/4/6 and 18.4% of those with genotypes 2/3 had advanced fibrosis or cirrhosis (F3-F4). For analysis of outcome we subdivided our series into two groups of patients: those who fulfilled standard inclusion criteria in randomized controlled trials and those who did not. Results: The overall SVR rate was 44.3%. In patients with F0-F2 an SVR was achieved in 52.5%; in those with F3-F4 the SVR rate was 20.8%. In patients infected with genotypes 1/4/6 the SVR rate was 35.4% (SVR: F0-F2 47.7%; F3-F4 19.6%); in those with genotypes 2/3 the rate was 67.8%. The SVR rate in patients with unfavorable baseline factors was significantly lower (32.4% vs. 50%; P = 0.017) and they were more likely to be non-responders (30.9% vs. 13.8%). Conclusion: In everyday clinical practice, up to one-third of patients show unfavorable baseline factors for antiviral therapy, resulting in worse therapeutic outcome. Differences in therapeutic outcome are influenced by patient selection and by the proportion and severity of the underlying liver disease. © 2010 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Therapeutic drug monitoring of the newer anti-epilepsy medications$$$ In the past twenty years, 14 new antiepileptic drugs have been approved for use in the United States and/or Europe. These drugs are eslicarbazepine acetate, felbamate, gabapentin, lacosamide, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, oxcarbazepine, pregabalin, rufinamide, stiripentol, tiagabine, topiramate, vigabatrin and zonisamide. In general, the clinical utility of therapeutic drug monitoring has not been established in clinical trials for these new anticonvulsants, and clear guidelines for drug monitoring have yet to be defined. The antiepileptic drugs with the strongest justifications for drug monitoring are lamotrigine, oxcarbazepine, stiripentol, and zonisamide. Stiripentol and tiagabine are strongly protein bound and are candidates for free drug monitoring. Therapeutic drug monitoring has lower utility for gabapentin, pregabalin, and vigabatrin. Measurement of salivary drug concentrations has potential utility for therapeutic drug monitoring of lamotrigine, levetiracetam, and topiramate. Therapeutic drug monitoring of the new antiepileptic drugs will be discussed in managing patients with epilepsy. © 2010 by the authors. ER  - 
Review on quality of life issues in patients with primary brain tumors$$$ Health-related quality of life (HRQOL) has become an important outcome measure in clinical trials in primary brain tumor (i.e., glioma) patients, because they have an incurable disease. HRQOL is assessed using self-reported, validated questionnaires, addressing physical, psychological, emotional, and social issues. In addition to generic HRQOL instruments, disease-specific questionnaires have been developed, including for brain tumor patients. For the analysis and interpretation of HRQOL measurements, low compliance and missing data are methodological challenges. HRQOL in glioma patients may be negatively affected by the disease itself as well as by side effects of treatment. But treatment with surgery, radiotherapy, and chemotherapy may improve patient functioning and HRQOL, in addition to extending survival. Although HRQOL has prognostic significance in brain tumor patients, it is not superior to well-known clinical parameters, such as age and performance status. In clinical practice, assessing HRQOL may be helpful in the communication between doctor and patient and may facilitate treatment decisions. © AlphaMed Press. ER  - 
Audit of child and adolescent psychiatry in a teaching hospital in Nigeria: Prevalence, pattern and implication for improved services$$$ Objective. This study aimed to identify the socio-demographic characteristics, pattern of psychiatric disorders and management of children and adolescents before the setting up of a dedicated child and adolescent unit at the University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital, Ilorin, Nigeria. Method. A retrospective study, carried out at the Department of Behavioural Sciences of the hospital. Results. The age range of the 94 children seen was 7 - 19 years, with a mean of 16.38 years (standard deviation 2.49); 82% were aged 14 - 19 years and 17% 7 - 13 years, while only 1 child was under 7 years old. The majority of the children lived with their parents in monogamous families with 5 or more children. The majority of the parents were educated and gainfully employed. The major diagnoses were schizophrenia (50%), delirium (15%) and seizure disorders (9%). Of the patients 64% were managed as outpatients and 36% as inpatients. Drug therapy was involved in the majority of cases, and the most frequently prescribed medication was haloperidol, atypical antipsychotics such as risperidone being used in only 8% of cases. Most of the patients were referred from the primary careassociated departments of the hospital, i.e. the general outpatient department (40%) and the internal medicine and paediatrics departments (29%). Referrals from welfare, judicial and educational institutions were uncommon (3%). Conclusion. The pattern of patient presentation and management had not changed to any great extent over the past two decades. The introduction of a child and adolescent psychiatric unit is expected to improve consultation/liaison psychiatry and also child psychiatric service delivery and research. Understanding of the prevalence and pattern of presentation of mental disorders and their management is also expected to help improve the strategic planning and organisation of the new clinic. ER  - 
Acute gastroenteritis: From guidelines to real life$$$ Acute gastroenteritis is a very common disease. It causes significant mortality in developing countries and significant economic burden to developed countries. Viruses are responsible for approximately 70% of episodes of acute gastroenteritis in children and rotavirus is one of the best studied of these viruses. Oral rehydration therapy is as effective as intravenous therapy in treating mild to moderate dehydration in acute gastroenteritis and is strongly recommended as the first line therapy. However, the oral rehydration solution is described as an underused simple solution. Vomiting is one of the main reasons to explain the underuse of oral rehydration therapy. Antiemetics are not routinely recommended in treating acute gastroenteritis, though they are still commonly prescribed. Ondansetron is one of the best studied antiemetics and its role in enhancing the compliance of oral rehydration therapy and decreasing the rate of hospitalization has been proved recently. The guidelines regarding the recommendation on antiemetics have been changed according to the evidence of these recent studies. © 2010. ER  - 
Combinations of drugs in the treatment of obesity$$$ Obesity is a chronic disease associated with excess morbidity and mortality. Clinical treatment, however, currently offers disappointing results, with very high rates of weight loss failure or weight regain cycles, and only two drugs (orlistat and sibutramine) approved for long-term use. Drugs combinations can be an option for its treatment but, although widely used in clinical practice, very few data are available in literature for its validation. Our review focuses on the rationale for their use, with advantages and disadvantages; on combinations often used, with or without studies; and on new perspectives of combinations being studied mainly by the pharmaceutical industry. © 2010 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. ER  - 
Difficulties in treatment and management of epilepsy and challenges in new drug development$$$ Epilepsy is a serious neurological disorder that affects around 50 million people worldwide. Almost 30% of epileptic patients suffer from pharmacoresistance, which is associated with social isolation, dependent behaviour, low marriage rates, unemployment, psychological issues and reduced quality of life. Currently available antiepileptic drugs have a limited efficacy, and their negative properties limit their use and cause difficulties in patient management. Antiepileptic drugs can provide only symptomatic relief as these drugs suppress seizures but do not have ability to cure epileptogenesis. The long term use of antiepileptic drugs is limited due to their adverse effects, withdrawal symptoms, deleterious interactions with other drugs and economic burden, especially in developing countries. Furthermore, some of the available antiepileptic drugs may even potentiate certain type of seizures. Several in vivo and in vitro animal models have been proposed and many new antiepileptic drugs have been marketed recently, but large numbers of patients are still pharmacoresistant. This review will highlight the difficulties in treatment and management of epilepsy and the limitations of available antiepileptic drugs and animal seizure models. © 2010 by the authors. ER  - 
Anoxic brain injury: Clinical patterns and functional outcomes. A study of 93 cases$$$ Background: Anoxic brain injury (ABI) is a syndrome of diverse aetiology, most case series published to date being confined to ABI of a single aetiology or to a limited numbers of patients. Methods: This study performed a retrospective analysis on all patients admitted for rehabilitation following ABI over a 14-year period. It identified 93 cases and presents a summary of their clinical patterns and functional and psychometric outcome measures. In addition a database involving 584 patients admitted for rehabilitation following traumatic brain injury (TBI) during the same time interval was used to compare demographic, functional and cognitive patterns. Conclusions: Relative to TBI, there was a peak frequency of ABI in males aged 60 years and in females in their late 20s. ABI patients were referred later for rehabilitation, had similar lengths of stay, but made slower progress, with poorer outcomes and were more likely to be transferred to residential care. Those with ABI had more severe impairments on cognitive assessment relative to those with TBI, being particularly susceptible to impairments in memory, especially visual memory or short-term memory. Neurological impairments of speech and language were present in 72 patients; visual field loss in eight and cortical blindness in 10; six suffered myoclonus and 10 late epilepsy. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) for the treatment of pediatric aggression and mood disorders$$$ Aggressive symptomatology presents across multiple psychiatric, developmental, neurological and behavioral disorders, complicating the diagnosis and treatment of the underlying pathology. Anti-Epileptic Drugs (AEDs) have become an appealing alternative in the treatment of aggression, mood lability and impulsivity in adult and pediatric populations, although few controlled trials have explored their efficacy in treating pediatric populations. This review of the literature synthesizes the available data on ten AEDs-valproate, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, phenytoin, lamotrigine, topiramate, levetiracetam, zonisamide, gabapentin and tiagabine-in an attempt to assess evidence for the efficacy of AEDs in the treatment of aggression in pediatric populations. Our review revealed modest evidence that some of the AEDs produced improvement in pediatric aggression, but controlled trials in pediatric bipolar disorder have not been promising. Valproate is the best supported AED for aggression and should be considered as a first line of treatment. When monotherapy is insufficient, combining an AED with either lithium or an atypical anti-psychotic can result in better efficacy. Additionally, our review indicates that medications with predominately GABA-ergic mechanisms of action are not effective in treating aggression, and medications which decrease glutaminergic transmission tended to have more cognitive adverse effects. Agents with multiple mechanisms of action may be more effective. © 2010 by the authors. ER  - 
Cannabinoids and dementia: A review of clinical and preclinical data$$$ The endocannabinoid system has been shown to be associated with neurodegenerative diseases and dementia. We review the preclinical and clinical data on cannabinoids and four neurodegenerative diseases: Alzheimer's disease (AD), Huntington's disease (HD), Parkinson's disease (PD) and vascular dementia (VD). Numerous studies have demonstrated an involvement of the cannabinoid system in neurotransmission, neuropathology and neurobiology of dementias. In addition, several candidate compounds have demonstrated efficacy in vitro. However, some of the substances produced inconclusive results in vivo. Therefore, only few trials have aimed to replicate the effects seen in animal studies in patients. Indeed, the literature on cannabinoid administration in patients is scarce. While preclinical findings suggest causal treatment strategies involving cannabinoids, clinical trials have only assessed the suitability of cannabinoid receptor agonists, antagonists and cannabidiol for the symptomatic treatment of dementia. Further research is needed, including in vivo models of dementia and human studies. © 2010 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. ER  - 
Use of antimalarials in dermatology$$$ The antimalarials chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine have been used for the treatment of inflammatory diseases for more than 60 years. Even today new indications evolve due to the complex mode of action of these compounds. Due to the fear of side effects, especially irreversible retinopathy, their use is often limited. These side-effects, however, are a consequence of excessive daily dosages. An effective, safe therapy needs correct dosing, i. e. adherence to maximal daily dosages of 3.5(-4) mg chloroquine or 6(-6.5) mg hydroxychloroquine per kilogram ideal body weight. If the actual body weight is lower than the ideal body weight, this actual weight is used for the calculation of the dosage. Observing these limits allows a rather safe therapy of the diseases like lupus erythematosus, REM syndrome, porphyria cutanea tarda (2 × 125 mg chloroquine/week), cutaneous sarcoidosis and dermatomyositis. If standard therapies fail, then antimalarials can be tried to treat Sjögren syndrome, granu-loma annulare or erosive lichen planus. If therapy fails, either can be combined with quinacrine to increase their effectiveness. Chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine are indispensable and well-tolerated essential drugs in dermatology and especially suited as part of a combination scheme, for example with corticosteroids, as they act synergistically and reduce side-effects. © Blackwell Verlag GmbH. ER  - 
The kinetic isotope effect in the search for deuterated drugs$$$ The kinetic isotope effect has long been exploited by physical organic chemists to study reaction mechanisms due to its effect on reaction rates when cleavage of a C-isotope bond is rate determining. Medicinal chemists have also used the deuterium kinetic isotope effect to slow the cytochrome P450 metabolism of the deuterated versions of drug candidates, with the first in vitro microsome studies of deuterated morphine appearing in the literature in the 1960s, and a deuterated alanine compound from Merck going all the way to phase IIb in the 1970s. The recent emergence of companies such as Concert Pharmaceuticals and Auspex Pharmaceuticals, based solely on the idea of deuterium-for-hydrogen versions of existing drugs, has reinvigorated the backers of the deuterium camp, and established the strategy as a viable low-risk approach to drug development. A history of the deuterium kinetic isotope effect is presented, along with examples of deuterated drugs that span 50 years, from 1960 to present day. Specific examples of compounds from the Concert and Auspex pipelines are also analyzed and the pros and cons of their approach are discussed. Copyright © 2010 Prous Science, S A U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Role of oxycodone and oxycodone/naloxone in cancer pain management$$$ Oxycodone is a valued opioid analgesic, which may be administered either as the first strong opioid or when other strong opioids are ineffective. In case of insufficient analgesia and/or intense adverse effects such as sedation, hallucinations and nausea/vomiting a switch from another opioid to oxycodone might be beneficial. Oxycodone is administered to opioid-naive patients with severe pain and to patients who were unsuccessfully treated with weak opioids, namely tramadol, codeine and dihydrocodeine. Oxycodone effective analgesia may be attributed to its affinity to μ and possibly κ opioid receptors, rapid penetration through the blood-brain barrier and higher concentrations in brain than in plasma. Oxycodone displays high bioavailability after oral administration and may be better than morphine in patients with renal impairment due to the decreased production of active metabolites. Recently an oral controlled-release oxycodone formulation was introduced in Poland. Another new product that was launched recently is a combination of prolonged-release oxycodone with prolonged-release naloxone (oxycodone/naloxone tablets). The aim of this review is to outline the pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties, drug interactions, dosing rules, adverse effects, equianalgesic dose ratio with other opioids and clinical studies of oxycodone in patients with cancer pain. The potential role of oxycodone/naloxone in chronic pain management and its impact on the bowel function is also discussed. © 2010 by institute of pharmacology polish academey of sciences. ER  - 
Pharmacological management of seizures and status epilepticus in critically ill patients$$$ Seizures are serious complications seen in critically ill patients and can lead to significant morbidity and mortality if the cause is not identified and treated quickly. Uncontrolled seizures can lead to status epilepticus (SE), which is considered a medical emergency. The first-line treatment of seizures is an intravenous (IV) benzodiazepine followed by anticonvulsant therapy. Refractory SE can evolve into a nonconvulsive state requiring IV anesthetics or induction of pharmacological coma. To prevent seizures and further complications in critically ill patients with acute neurological disease or injury, short-term seizure prophylaxis should be considered in certain patients. © 2010 The Author(s). ER  - 
Malaria prophylaxis: A comprehensive review$$$ The flow of international travellers to and from malaria-endemic areas, especially Africa, has increased in recent years. Apart from the very high morbidity and mortality burden imposed on malaria-endemic areas, imported malaria is the main cause of fever possibly causing severe disease and death in travellers coming from tropical and subtropical areas, particularly Sub-Saharan Africa. The importance of behavioural preventive measures (bed nets, repellents, etc.), adequate chemoprophylaxis and, in selected circumstances, stand-by emergency treatment may not be overemphasized. However, no prophylactic regimen may offer complete protection. Expert advice is needed to tailor prophylactic advice according to traveller (age, baseline clinical conditions, etc.) and travel (destination, season, etc.) characteristics in order to reduce malaria risk. © 2010 by the authors. ER  - 
Assisted diagnosis of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder through EEG bandpower clustering with self-organizing maps.$$$ The electroencephalogram is an attractive clinical tool given its non-invasive nature, its ability to reflect real-time changes in local cortical activity, and the load of objective bioelectrical measurements that can be derived from it. For decades, the electroencephalogram has been successfully used for diagnosing epilepsy and schizophrenia, among other brain disorders. This paper focuses in the design and implementation of a computer-aided diagnostic tool for establishing the likelihood of presence of Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in children, out of routine electroencephalographic recordings obtained during a specific visual stimulation protocol. Classical bandpower features from multiple differential recordings are computed and used as features in a classifier built from a cooperative ensemble of labeled self-organizing maps. Classification accuracy of the proposed system is 0,7 ± 0,11, as estimated from unseen data, a result that points to the idea that such a quantitative diagnostic aid could adequately support the diagnostic task of a clinical expert. ER  - 
Carbamazepine and magnesium valproate in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy is the most frequent symptomatic focal epilepsy in adults. We do not know any prospective study which compares the efficacy and effectiveness of carbamazepine and valproic acid In this group of patients. Objective: to compare the efficacy, effectiveness and tolerability of Carbamazepine and Valproic Acid in patients with Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy. Methods: We conducted a prospective, controlled and randomized study of parallel groups in patients with Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy at onset. The patients were followed-up for one year. Fifty six patients were recruited. Forty three patients participated in a cross-over study and only thirty three concluded it We evaluated the efficacy, effectiveness and tolerability of two antiepileptic drugs. Results: After cross-over, the efficacy of Valproic Acid was superior to Carbamazepine reducing seizure frequency from 7,9 to 2,6 seizure by month (p = 0,02). None of antiepilpetic drug were associated with an improving in Hamilton scale. Treatment with valproic Acid improved the quality of life by 20% after a year of treatment (p < 0,01) . The number of patients with side effects was not significant statistically. Conclusion: The effectiveness and eficacy of Valproic Acid in patients with mesial Temporal Lobe Epilpesy at onset is superior to carbamazepine althought it is less tolerated. ER  - 
Psychiatric illness in the paediatric population presenting to a psychiatry clinic in a tertiary care centre$$$ Background: A variety of psychiatric manifestations can be seen in children below the age of 18 years. Such cases rarely present directly to psychiatric care. Methods: Retrospective study in Tertiary care hospital. The study population included all the patients of paediatric age group presenting to Psychiatry Outpatient Department of Dhulikhel Hospital directly or referred by a paediatrician or other specialists from October 2008 to October 2010. Results: Among the paediatric population evaluated in the psychiatry clinic for two years from October 2008 to October 2010 (N=168), 66.7% were in the age group 15-18 years {mean = 14.77 (±2.99)}, 71.4% were female and 42.3% belonged to Brahmin cast. The highest number of (15%) patients was seen during the month of August 2010. Six months analysis of the psychiatric illnesses of the patients from April 2010 up to October 2010 (n=80) showed dissociative disorder (15%), and seizure disorder (15%) to be the most common diagnoses, followed by depressive disorder and intentional self harm (ISH) (13.8% each). 15% of patients were found to be treated by magico-religious means, with the majority of patients (66.7%) diagnosed as having dissociative disorder. Conclusion: The majority of the paediatric population presenting to a psychiatry clinic were in the age group 15-18 years and of female sex. Dissociative disorder was the most common diagnosis followed by depressive disorders. The majority of patients with dissociative disorder had previously been treated by magico-religious means. ER  - 
Reduction in falling after a falls-assessment$$$ The aim of this single-center retrospective cohort study was to evaluate the effect of a multidisciplinary falls-assessment, consisting of identification and possible modification of risk factors for falls, on the frequency of falls among elderly individuals attending the geriatric outpatient department of the University Medical Center (UMC) Utrecht, the Netherlands. The characteristics of 70 elderly people who visited the outpatient department because of a fall in the period from May 2005 till February 2007 were evaluated. The effectiveness of the falls-assessment was evaluated by telephone interview of those individuals who had attended the falls-assessment. Fifty-three patients (mean age = 79.8 years) were interviewed after a mean ± S.D. of 1.47 ± 0.41 years (ranging 0.72-2.34 years) subsequent to the falls-assessment. Falls-assessment led to significantly fewer falls, from 3.78 ± 4.66 at the time of the assessment at baseline to 1.10 ± 1.86 at the time of the interview (p = 0.000041). Fear of falling was also significantly diminished. In conclusion, falls-assessment leads to fewer falls and less fear of falling among elderly individuals. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children with epilepsy$$$ Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is more frequent in children with epilepsy than in general pediatric population. Several factors may contribute to this comorbidity, including the underlying brain pathology, the chronic effects of seizures and of the epileptiform EEG discharges, and the effects of antiepileptic drugs. Symptoms of ADHD are more common in some specific types of epilepsies, such as frontal lobe epilepsy, childhood absence epilepsy and Rolandic epilepsy, and may antedate seizure onset in a significant proportion of cases. In epileptic children with symptoms of ADHD, treatment might become a challenge for child neurologists, who are forced to prescribe drugs combinations, to improve the long-term cognitive and behavioral prognosis. Treatment with psychotropic drugs can be initiated safely in most children with epilepsy and ADHD symptoms. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Reimbursed drugs in patients with sleep-disordered breathing: A static-charge-sensitive bed study$$$ Background: Co-morbidities in men and women with sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) were compared retrospectively to an age-standardized, general Finnish population. The prevalence of diseases was based on the reimbursement refunds of medications. Methods: Two hundred thirty-three age- and BMI-matched male-female pairs and 368 consecutive women identified from our sleep recording database were included. Data on medication were gathered from the National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution database. Results: Men with SDB had three-fold prevalence of reimbursed medication for diabetes and two-fold prevalence of reimbursed medication for chronic arrhythmia. Women with SDB had three-fold prevalence of reimbursed medication for thyroid insufficiency, and postmenopausal women had two-fold prevalence of reimbursed medication for psychosis. BMI and age did not explain prevalence of reimbursed medications for chronic arrhythmia or psychosis. In both genders with SDB, prevalence of reimbursed medications compared to the general population was two-fold for hypertension and seven-fold for asthma and/or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Partial upper airway obstruction was associated with three-fold prevalence of reimbursed medication for asthma and/or COPD in both genders and 60% reduced prevalence of reimbursed medication for hypertension in females matched for age and BMI. Conclusions: Co-morbidity profile differed between genders. Our results emphasize the importance of diagnosis and treatment of co-morbidities and partial upper airway obstruction. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Tolerability profile of varenicline in current medical practice$$$ Introduction: Varenicline (Champix ®) was approved in France in 2006 as an aid to smoking cessation treatment. Although there is a consensus on its efficacy, its tolerability is debatable. This article sought to clarify its tolerability profile in current medical practice. Materials and Methods: This retrospective study examined tolerance of varenicline prescribed to smokers who wanted to quit smoking in 10 "Stop-Smoking" consultation centers around France. It included all patients who used varenicline during the one-year (February 12, 2007, to February 12, 2008) study period. Results: At least one adverse event (AE) was reported by 45.9% of the 338 patients, with a total of 343. AE incidence was higher among women (51.5%) than men (40.5%) (OR = 1.56, 95% CI: 0.99-2.47, p = 0.026). There were 32 unexpected AEs, that is, not listed in the initial new drug application, reported by 23 patients, including 19 psychiatric AEs. Of the 8 serious AEs, 3 were of neurological origin. Conclusion: This retrospective study confirmed the tolerability issues for varenicline, identified during the phase II-phase III development program and confirmed afterwards. It raises the following questions: Should varenicline be prescribed as a second-line therapy? Is there a patient type for which varenicline would be more - or less - appropriate? Can the tolerability profile be improved by reducing dosage while maintaining the level of efficacy or by co-administering symptomatic treatment more systematically? These are questions that new studies evaluating varenicline tolerability should answer. © 2009 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Hypogonadism in men with erectile dysfunction may be related to a host of chronic illnesses$$$ The prevalence of hypogonadism has been found to be increased in certain chronic illnesses, especially diabetes, hypertension and obesity. Recently, the prevalence of hypogonadism in primary care practices mirrored that in our population of men with erectile dysfunction (ED). In this study, the prevalence of hypogonadism in nearly 1000 men with ED was tabulated, using a retrospective chart review, and analyzed for association with the various contributing medical and psychological factors. The prevalence of hypogonadism was determined in men with a variety of chronic illnesses, and was further characterized by decade. We observed an association between hypertension (P = 0.025), tobacco abuse (P = 0.0059), sleep apnea (P = 0.0001), work stress (P = 0.041) and hypogonadism. These data were further analyzed for the odds ratio and confidence interval (Forest plot), which showed strong association for sleep apnea and work stress. We did not observe any significant association between diabetes, atherosclerosis, alcohol abuse, multiple medications, asthma, seizure disorder, anxiety/depression and hypogonadism (P values for Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel general association were 0.48, 0.97, 0.25, 0.69, 0.22, 0.76 and 0.98, respectively). We suggest that a host of chronic illnesses have a high prevalence of secondary hypogonadism. Men who have chronic medical or psychological illnesses should have their testosterone level checked, especially when sexual dysfunction symptoms or signs are present. © 2010 Nature Publishing Group. ER  - 
Treatment of febrile seizures: Historical perspective, current opinions, and potential future directions$$$ Although most febrile seizures do no harm and two-thirds of initial cases have no witnessed recurrence, the seizures cause much family anxiety, and are sometimes prolonged. In rare cases they are the first evidence of important epilepsy syndromes or are implicated in the development of epilepsy with mesial temporal sclerosis in later life. There have been trials of prophylactic treatment with antiepileptic drugs including carbamazepine, diazepam, phenobarbital, phenytoin, and sodium valproate. Several strategies have been employed with these drugs, including continuous secondary prophylaxis, intermittent secondary prophylaxis in response to later episodes of fever, and rescue medication early in the course of further seizures. Another treatment strategy has been using one or more antipyretic agents in early response to fever using agents such as acetaminophen and ibuprofen. Over the years, researchers have identified a variety of clinical, genetic, and environmental risk factors for more severe or prolonged febrile seizures and higher risk of recurrence. This review evaluates the rationale for secondary prophylaxis of febrile seizures, the potential effectiveness of such treatment, and whether it can be recommended as a general approach to treating febrile seizures or as an approach to be used in groups identified to be at increased risk. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Are psychiatric disorders independent risk factors for new-onset epilepsy in older individuals?$$$ This retrospective study examined whether psychiatric conditions are directly related to epilepsy or, rather, are associated with underlying central nervous system (CNS) disorders linked to subsequent epilepsy. We examined data from a sample of older veterans (>65 years) receiving care from the Veterans Health Administration during fiscal year 2000. We compared individuals with new-onset epilepsy and individuals without epilepsy to examine the extent to which psychiatric disorders were associated with new-onset epilepsy; this analysis controlled for demographic and premorbid neurological risk factors previously associated with new-onset epilepsy. Premorbid psychiatric conditions occurred at higher rates in the epilepsy versus nonepilepsy groups, foremost including depression (17% vs 12%), anxiety (12% vs 8%), psychosis (12% vs 5%), and substance abuse (8% vs 4%). However, in the final model, only psychosis (OR = 1.4, CI 1.2-1.6) was significantly associated with epilepsy when controlling for neurological disorders and psychiatric conditions (e.g., stroke, dementia, brain tumor, head injury). ER  - 
Toward rational design of electrical stimulation strategies for epilepsy control$$$ Electrical stimulation is emerging as a viable alternative for patients with epilepsy whose seizures are not alleviated by drugs or surgery. Its attractions are temporal and spatial specificity of action, flexibility of waveform parameters and timing, and the perception that its effects are reversible unlike resective surgery. However, despite significant advances in our understanding of mechanisms of neural electrical stimulation, clinical electrotherapy for seizures relies heavily on empirical tuning of parameters and protocols. We highlight concurrent treatment goals with potentially conflicting design constraints that must be resolved when formulating rational strategies for epilepsy electrotherapy, namely, seizure reduction versus cognitive impairment, stimulation efficacy versus tissue safety, and mechanistic insight versus clinical pragmatism. First, treatment markers, objectives, and metrics relevant to electrical stimulation for epilepsy are discussed from a clinical perspective. Then the experimental perspective is presented, with the biophysical mechanisms and modalities of open-loop electrical stimulation, and the potential benefits of closed-loop control for epilepsy. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cognition across the lifespan: Antiepileptic drugs, epilepsy, or both?$$$ Cognitive problems in persons with epilepsy manifest over a lifetime; however, whether abnormal cognition in an individual with epilepsy is a result of comorbid brain substrate, the epilepsy itself or its underlying etiology, the antiepileptic agents used to control it, or a combination of these and other factors remains controversial. There is a continuing need for improved therapies to control seizures and reduce the incidence of adverse events, especially those involving the central nervous system that compromise attention, intelligence, language skills, verbal and nonverbal memory, executive function, and psychomotor speeds. Although cognitive decline typically occurs among patients with more severe epilepsy, physicians must judiciously select therapy with an eye toward not only controlling seizures but also ensuring that all patients retain as much function as possible throughout their lives. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Meningiomas in the elderly, the surgical benefit and a new scoring system$$$ Objective: The purpose of the study was to define and identify prognostic indicators within an elderly population of patients suffering from intracranial meningiomas. The clinical presentation of the patient with meningioma is diverse, manifesting as a different clinical entity in the elderly patient compared to a similar type of tumor in a young patient. Methods: Two hundred fifty patients aged over 65 years admitted to RAMBAM Medical Center with meningiomas from 1995-2005 were characterized. We report the presenting symptoms, chronic illnesses, perioperative and long-term follow-up results for a 5-year period. Results: Based on univariate and multivariate analysis, significant prognostic indicators were identified and were implemented into a new geriatric scoring system (GSS) including tumor size and location, peritumoral edema, neurological deficits, Karnofsky score (Clancey J Neurosci Nurs 27:220, 1995; Crooks et al. J Gerontol 46:M139-M144, 1991), and associated diabetes, hypertension or lung disease. Seven outcome parameters were retrospectively tested using the scoring system, namely mortality, Barthel Index score (Mahoney and Barthel Md State Med J 14:61-65, 1965), Karnofsky score and consciousness expressed by the Glasgow Coma Scale score (Jennett and Bond Lancet 1:480-484, 1975) 5 years after surgery, as well as recurrence within and beyond 12 months. Age proved to inversely correlate with outcome. Morbidity and mortality were significantly lower in women. The extent of surgical resection (Simpson J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry 20:22-39, 1957) had no influence on functional outcome, although radical resection was associated with significantly lower mortality. Generally, a GSS score higher than 14 was associated with a significantly more favorable outcome. Conclusion: The present results suggest that common experience-based considerations may be optimized and implemented into a simple scoring system that in turn may allow for outcome prediction and evidence-based decision making. © 2009 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Effectiveness and tolerability of zonisamide in children with epilepsy: A retrospective review$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the effectiveness and tolerability of zonisamide in children with epilepsy. Method: Retrospective case note review of young people (less than 19 years) with epilepsy from three UK tertiary centres who received treatment with zonisamide and were followed up for a minimum of 12 months. Results: Fifty-seven children were included, aged 1.5-18.5 (median, 12) years. Thirty-three (57.9%) patients had generalised epilepsy, 21 (36.8%) focal epilepsy, and three (5.3%) a mixed, generalised and focal, epilepsy. Fifty-six of the 57 patients had been refractory to at least three previous antiepileptic drugs. The maintenance dose of zonisamide was [range (median)] 0.7-14 (5) mg/kg/day. The median duration of treatment for all patients was 12 (range 0.25-35) months. After 2 months of treatment, 51 patients remained on zonisamide, 18 (35.3%) of whom demonstrated a ≥50% reduction in seizure frequency. At the end of the follow-up period, there was a loss of effect for some patients. Thirteen (25.5%) of the 51 patients continued to demonstrate a ≥50% reduction in seizure frequency whilst two who had become seizure-free started having seizures again. Six (11.8%) had <50% reduction, twenty-four (47%) had no change, and eight (15.7%) had increasing seizures. Twenty-five (43.9%) patients reported unwanted effects although this contributed to the withdrawal of zonisamide in only ten (17.6%) patients. Conclusions: Zonisamide appeared to be a reasonably effective and generally well-tolerated antiepileptic drug in a heterogeneous group of 57 children with poorly controlled epilepsy and provides another treatment option for children with refractory seizures. © 2009 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Pediatric psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A study of assessment tools$$$ The goal of this study was to identify assessment tools and associated behavioral domains that differentiate children with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) from those with epilepsy. A sample of 24 children with PNES (mean age 14.0 years, 14 female), 24 children with epilepsy (mean age 13.6 years, 13 female), and their parents were recruited from five epilepsy centers in the United States. Participants completed a battery of behavioral questionnaires including somatization, anxiety, and functional disability symptoms. Children with PNES had significantly higher scores on the Childhood Somatization and Functional Disability Inventories, and their parents reported more somatic problems on the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL). Depression, anxiety, and alexithymia instruments did not differentiate the groups. Measures of somatization and functional disability may be promising tools for differentiating the behavioral profile of PNES from that of epilepsy. Increased somatic awareness and perceived disability emphasize the similarity of PNES to other pediatric somatoform disorders. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Seizures and epilepsy in cancer patients$$$ Seizures in the general population may occur for a variety of reasons, including vascular, infectious, autoimmune, genetic, and traumatic causes. In the cancer population, seizures arise mainly as a result of an infiltrative neoplastic process in the brain. However, seizures as a result of cancer treatment, metabolic causes, or paraneoplastic diseases may occur in patients with systemic cancer, even in the absence of a cerebral lesion. The etiology of seizures in brain tumor patients includes primary cerebral neoplasms and metastatic brain lesions. The treatment for seizures in this population is multifaceted and involves surgery, radiation, chemotherapy, and antiepileptic drugs. All treatments have potential adverse effects, especially when combined. The treatment for brain tumor-associated seizures and epilepsy almost always is geared toward treating the tumor, but subsequent treatment of seizures often is necessary. A pragmatic approach to this problem is essential to mitigate potential complications from treatment. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Phase II NCCTG trial of RT + irinotecan and adjuvant BCNU plus irinotecan for newly diagnosed GBM$$$ Irinotecan has radiosensitizing effects and shows synergism with nitrosoureas. We performed a Phase II study of RT and irinotecan, followed by BCNU plus irinotecan in newly-diagnosed GBM. The MTD for patients receiving enzyme-inducing anticonvulsants (EIAC) was as follows: irinotecan 400 mg/m 2/week on Days 1, 8, 22 and 29 during RT, followed by BCNU 100 mg/m2 Day 1, and irinotecan, 400 mg/m2 on Days 1, 8, 22 and 29, every 6 weeks. The MTD for non-EIAC patients was as follows: irinotecan 125 mg/m2/week on Days 1, 8, 22 and 29 during RT, followed by BCNU 100 mg/m2 Day 1 and irinotecan 75 mg/m2 Days 1, 8, 22 and 29, every 6 weeks. Median OS was 10.8 mos. (95% CI: 7.7-14.9); OS at 12 months was 44.6% (95% CI: 33.3-59.8) and PFS 6 was 28.6% (95% CI: 18.9-43.2). Patients went off treatment due to adverse events (7%), refusal (11%), progressive disease (48%), death (9%), and other (9%); 16% completed protocol treatment. Survival was similar in patients with variant (6/7 or 7/7) and wild-type (6/6) UGT1A1*28 genotypic alleles. Grade 3-4 toxicity was more common in non-EIAC patients with variant alleles. SN-38 Cmax and AUC in EIAC patients receiving 400 mg/m2 irinotecan were 20.9 ng/ml and 212 ng/ml h, and in non-EIAC patients receiving 125 mg/m2, 15.5 ng/ml and 207 ng/ml h. SN-38 AUC varied by UGT1A1*28 status in non-EIAC patients. This regimen was not significantly active and radiosensitization was not observed. Non-EIAC patients with UGT1A1*28 variant alleles appear particularly sensitive to toxicity from irinotecan. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Value of weight reduction in patients with cardiovascular disease$$$ Opinion statement: Obesity is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular (CV) disease and contributes markedly to individual CV risk factors, including hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and other chronic conditions, such as osteoarthritis, obstructive sleep apnea, and physical deconditioning. Obesity, defined as a body mass index ≥30 kg/m2, is associated with increased morbidity and mortality, particularly in severely obese patients with a body mass index ≥35 kg/m2. Physical activity, healthy eating and behavioral modification are three pivotal approaches to treating obesity. Some individuals may benefit from pharmacologic agents to achieve meaningful weight loss. Unfortunately, there are few such agents at present with proven efficacy and safety profiles. In this review, we discuss the obesity epidemic and its detrimental effects on the CV system, and focus on exercise training and on established pharmacologic agents as well as those on the horizon. We conclude by summarizing the surgical therapeutic options available to treat obesity and the evidence supporting the CV benefits of surgery, and discuss the potential adverse effects of both pharmacologic and surgical options. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
A clinical trial assessing the safety and efficacy of taranabant, a CB1R inverse agonist, in obese and overweight patients: A high-dose study$$$ Objective:To evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of taranabant in obese and overweight patients.Design:Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study.Subjects:Patients were 18 years old, with body mass index of 27-43 kg m-2, and 51% with metabolic syndrome (MS) randomized to placebo (N417) or taranabant 2 mg (N414), 4 mg (N415) or 6 mg (N1256) for 104 weeks.Measurements:Key efficacy measurements included body weight, waist circumference (WC), lipid and glycemic end points.Results:On the basis of risk/benefit assessments, the 6-mg dose was discontinued during year 1 (patients on 6 mg were down-dosed to 2 mg or placebo) and the 4-mg dose was discontinued during year 2 (patients on 4 mg were down-dosed to 2 mg). Changes from baseline in body weight at week 52 (all-patients-treated population, last observation carried forward analysis) were 2.6, 6.6 and 8.1 kg, respectively, for placebo and taranabant 2 and 4 mg (both doses P0.001 vs placebo). For patients who completed year 1, changes from baseline in body weight at week 104 were 1.4, 6.4 and 7.6 kg for placebo and taranabant 2 and 4 mg, respectively (both doses P0.001 vs placebo). The proportions of patients at weeks 52 and 104 who lost at least 5 and 10% of their baseline body weight were significantly higher and the proportions of patients who met criteria for MS were significantly lower for taranabant 2 and 4 mg vs placebo. The incidence of adverse experiences classified in the gastrointestinal, nervous, psychiatric, cutaneous and vascular organ systems were generally observed to be dose related with taranabant vs placebo.Conclusion:Taranabant at the 2-and 4-mg dose was effective in achieving clinically significant weight loss over 2 years and was associated with dose-related increases in adverse experiences. On the basis of these and other data, an assessment was made that the overall safety and efficacy profile of taranabant did not support its further development for the treatment of obesity. © 2010 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Update on antithrombotic therapy for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation$$$ Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common cardiac arrhythmia in the elderly, affecting 1 in 20 adults over the age of 70 years. Stroke is a major yet highly preventable complication of AF, and the strokes related to AF often are disabling and fatal. Warfarin is the treatment of choice in high-risk patients with AF, and its superior efficacy over aspirin for preventing stroke in these patients is widely recognized. However, several eligible patients with AF are not being treated with warfarin or are being treated inadequately, largely because of concerns regarding the attendant strict monitoring, drug interactions, and risk of major bleeding. As such, alternative antithrombotic therapies that can rival or exceed the efficacy of warfarin, yet compare favorably with its administration and side effect profile, are being sought. One such strategy, the use of a combination antiplatelet regimen, for stroke prevention in high-risk patients with nonvalvular AF was investigated recently in two clinical trials. This article reviews the role of combination antiplatelet regimens in stroke prevention for patients with AF. Other therapies discussed include oral anticoagulation, single antiplatelet therapies, oral anticoagulation plus antiplatelet treatment, direct thrombin inhibitors, and factor Xa inhibitors. © The Author(s) 2010. ER  - 
New approaches to stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation$$$ It is estimated that atrial fibrillation (AF) is responsible for almost 15% of all strokes. Several randomized clinical trials have demonstrated the superiority of adjusted-dose warfarin over aspirin for stroke prevention in AF patients, particularly in high-risk individuals. Current national guidelines from the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association recommend the use of adjusted-dose warfarin with an international normalized ratio goal of 2.0 to 3.0 for patients with ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack with persistent or paroxysmal AF, and aspirin for those who cannot take oral anticoagulants. However, the use of warfarinmay be challenging in some patients, and there is a need for alternative treatments. We describe alternative treatments for AF and provide an overview on emerging therapies. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of levetiracetam as adjunctive therapy in adult patients with uncontrolled partial epilepsy: The Asia SKATE II Study$$$ This study evaluated the safety and efficacy of levetiracetam as adjunctive therapy for partial seizures in everyday clinical practice in Asian populations. Patients aged ≥16. years (N=251) with inadequately controlled partial epilepsy were recruited from 29 centers across Asia. Levetiracetam was added to existing antiepileptic medication for 16. weeks at a starting dose of 500 or 1000. mg/day and titrated to a maximum of 3000. mg/day according to clinical response. The study completion rate was 86.9%. Adverse events were reported by 73.3% of patients and were generally mild, leading to treatment withdrawal in only 7.2%. The most common adverse events were somnolence (30.3%) and dizziness (14.7%). Compared with pretreatment baseline, 44.0% of patients had a ≥50% reduction in seizure frequency, with a median reduction of 46.4%, and 17.7% became seizure free during the treatment period. Levetiracetam was well tolerated and efficacious as adjunctive therapy for partial epilepsy in clinical practice among Asian populations. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Mechanism-based approaches to treating fragile X$$$ Fragile X is the leading inherited cause of mental retardation and autism. Recent advances in our mechanistic understanding of the disease have led to the identification of the metabotropic glutamate receptor (mGluR) as a therapeutic target for the disease. These studies have revealed that core defects in multiple animal models can be corrected by down regulation of mGluR5 signaling. Although it remains to be seen if mGluR5 antagonists or related approaches will succeed in humans with fragile X, the progress in fragile X stands as a strong testament to the power of applying knowledge of basic neurobiology to understand pathophysiology in a genetically validated model of human psychiatric disease. These breakthroughs and several of the resulting drug development efforts are reviewed. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Adaptive phase I study of OROS methylphenidate treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with epilepsy$$$ Objective: The goal of this study was to pilot a randomized controlled trial of OROS methylphenidate (OROS-MPH) to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) plus epilepsy. Methods: Thirty-three patients, 6-18. years of age, taking antiepileptic drugs and with a last seizure 1-60. months prior were assigned to a maximum daily dose of 18, 36, or 54. mg of OROS-MPH in a double-blind placebo-controlled crossover trial. Results: There were no serious adverse events and no carryover effects in the crossover trial. OROS-MPH reduced ADHD symptoms more than did placebo treatment. There were too few seizures during the active (5) and placebo arms (3) to confidently assess seizure risk; however, considering exposure time, we observed an increased daily risk of seizures with increasing dose of OROS-MPH, suggesting that potential safety concerns require further study. Conclusion: A larger study to assess the effect of OROS-MPH on seizure risk is needed. A crossover design including subjects with frequent seizures could maximize power and address high patient heterogeneity and recruitment difficulties. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Comparison of comorbid conditions between open-angle glaucoma patients and a control cohort: A case-control study$$$ Objective: To determine the prevalence of selected comorbidities in patients with open-angle glaucoma (OAG) and whether these comorbidities are more prevalent among individuals with OAG than those without OAG. Design: A retrospective, nationwide, case-control study using an administrative database. Participants: The study group comprised 76 673 OAG patients. The comparison group comprised 230 019 subjects matched to the study cohort. Methods: Data were collected retrospectively from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database. The study cohort comprised all patients with a diagnosis of OAG (International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification codes 365.1365.11) in 2005 (n = 76 673). The comparison cohort comprised randomly selected patients (3 for every 1 OAG patient; n = 230 019) matched with the study group in terms of age, gender, urbanization level, and monthly income. In total, 31 medical comorbidities were selected based mainly on the Elixhauser Comorbidity Index. Separate conditional logistic regression analyses were used to estimate the adjusted odds ratio for each of the medical comorbidities between patients with and without OAG. Main Outcome Measures: The prevalences of selected comorbidities. Results: More than half (50.5%) of the OAG patients had hypertension, and more than 30% had hyperlipidemia or diabetes (30.5% and 30.2%, respectively). The prevalences of 28 of 31 comorbidities were significantly higher for OAG patients than subjects without glaucoma after adjusting for age, gender, urbanization level, and monthly income. The adjusted odds ratio was more than 1.50 for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, systemic lupus erythematosus, diabetes, hypothyroidism, fluid and electrolyte disorders, depression, and psychosis. Among the studied comorbidities, the prevalence difference of the OAG group minus the control group was 3% or higher for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, stroke, diabetes, liver disease, and peptic ulcer. Conclusions: Open-angle glaucoma patients are significantly more likely to have comorbidities, many of which can be life threatening or can affect the quality of life appreciably. Financial Disclosure(s): The author(s) have no proprietary or commercial interest in any materials discussed in this article. © 2010 American Academy of Ophthalmology. ER  - 
Cannabis-based medicines in multiple sclerosis - A review of clinical studies$$$ For some years a mixture of anecdotal report and data from animal models have implied a potential role for cannabis-based medicines in ameliorating a variety of symptoms of multiple sclerosis. Only recently however have large randomised controlled trials (RCTs) examined these potential effects rigorously. At present the results of RCTs have lacked a coherent message to the prescribing clinician and reasons for such heterogeneity in cannabinoid trials are discussed. © 2010 Elsevier GmbH. ER  - 
Alpha-2 adrenergic receptors and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Pharmacologic management of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has expanded beyond stimulant medications to include α-2 adrenergic agonists. These agents exert their actions through presynaptic stimulation and likely involve facilitation of dopamine and noradrenaline neurotransmission, both of which are thought to play critical roles in the pathophysiology of ADHD. Furthermore, frontostriatal dysfunction giving rise to neuropsychological weaknesses has been well-established in patients with ADHD and may explain how α-2 agents exert their beneficial effects. In the following review, we consider relevant neurobiological underpinnings of ADHD with respect to why α-2 agents may be effective in treating this condition. We also review new formulations of α-2 agonists, emerging data on their use in ADHD, and implications for clinical practice. Integrating knowledge of pathophysiologic mechanisms and mechanisms of drug action may inform our medication choices and facilitate treatment of ADHD and related disorders. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
The cardiologist and smoking cessation$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Among the modifiable risk factors, smoking contributes strongly to the global epidemics of cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality. In patients with cardiovascular disease, the benefits of smoking cessation outperform those expected from other preventive strategies such as blood pressure or cholesterol control. In-hospital interventions to assist cardiovascular disease patients with smoking cessation and to provide adequate follow-up are the most cost-effective strategies to improve the survival of the cardiovascular patient. RECENT FINDINGS: Data on cardiologists interest in increasing smoking cessation rates are limited and alarming. Surveys assessing the knowledge, interest and attitudes of cardiologists regarding smoking cessation assistance highlight poor commitment to this important preventive practice. For a substantial proportion of cardiologists, smoking-cessation assistance is not included in their core activities and they do not consider themselves as the most appropriate person for this purpose. Disappointingly, many of them never refer their smoking patients to specialized centers and/or teams for appropriate assistance. SUMMARY: The substantial benefits of smoking cessation in cardiovascular prevention requires stronger commitment from cardiologists to provide smoking-cessation therapies and counseling. Further research is needed to highlight the barriers to improve clinical performance by cardiologists in this field of prevention. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Pharmacological augmentation strategies in clozapine-resistant schizophrenia: Overcoming the resistance$$$ Clozapine is currently the gold-standard in the treatment - resistant schizophrenia. After analyzing the use of clozapine under routine clinical conditions (dose, common adverse effects, outcome in resistant patients, issues related with agranulocytosis and seizures, indications for monitoring plasma levels), we present the augmentation strategies in the 4070% of the patients who are resistant to clozapine. Augmentation strategies have been mostly derived from case-reports and open, non-controlled studies, rather than on controlled clinical-trials. Atypical antipsychotics have been used as augmentation strategies, such as, amisulpride and risperidone, with reasonable empirical support, and aripiprazole, with little empirical support. Mood regulators, such as lithium, valproic acid, and lamotrigine (the latter with sufficient empirical support) have been also used. Finally, several experimental treatments like NMDA-Glutamate modulators could be also effective a future augmentation strategy in the treatment of clozapine-resistant schizophrenia. © 2010 Elsevier España, S.L. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neuropathology of solvent abusers in Manitoba$$$ The neuropathology of solvent inhalation (especially toluene) has characteristic features, consisting of patchy myelin loss with white matter macrophages that contain granular inclusions. However, it has only been described in a small number of case reports. We conducted a retrospective study of medicolegal autopsies in the Province of Manitoba from 1985-2008 inclusive searching for the terms “solvent or glue or toluene or inhalation”. We found 73 autopsy cases with documented history of solvent abuse. Among these were 6 fetuses and infants with history of maternal exposure, 15 children 12-17 years, and 52 adults 18-66 years. Clinical aspects also include seizures in 8 individuals and mixed alcohol abuse in 35. Circumstances of death included 22 acute intoxication, 15 hanging, 7 trauma, 7 sepsis / aspiration, 4 fire / burns, 3 hypothermia, and others. The brain material for review included paraffin blocks from 33 brains cut by a neuropathologist and 28 brains cut fresh by forensic pathologist (with 1-2 sections of brain). All samples were recut and stained with solochrome cyanin to demonstrate myelin and periodic acid Schiff (PAS) to highlight the characteristic inclusions. In addition, 6 cases of multiple sclerosis and 40 cases of alcohol or multiple drug abuse (excluding inhalation) were examined. All slides were examined in a blinded manner by the senior author. The characteristic macrophages in solvent abuse brains but not in alcohol / drug abuse or multiple sclerosis also exhibit birefringence on polarization. Patchy loss of myelin and the prevalence of inclusions were documented semiquantitatively. Six cases (age 15-53, median 22 years) had early or mild changes consisting of rare inclusion-containing cells but no obvious myelin change. Thirteen cases (age 23-49, median 40 years) had well-established leukoencephalopathy with multifocal perivascular myelin loss and inclusion-containing macrophages. Six also had brain atrophy. Electron microscopy in two cases showed trilaminar inclusions. Ataxia and tremor were commonly reported clinically and three individuals were non-ambulatory. Given the sociologic nature of solvent abuse actual exposure is impossible to ascertain, however it would appear that there is a duration dependent effect. Interaction with alcohol and possible other risk factors also need to be considered to explain why not all heavy users develop the disease. ER  - 
Polymorphism of human cytochrome P450 2D6 and its clinical significance: Part II$$$ Part I of this article discussed the potential functional importance of genetic mutations and alleles of the human cytochrome P450 2D6 (CYP2D6) gene. The impact of CYP2D6 polymorphisms on the clearance of and response to a series of cardiovascular drugs was addressed. Since CYP2D6 plays a major role in the metabolism of a large number of other drugs, Part II of the article highlights the impact of CYP2D6 polymorphisms on the response to other groups of clinically used drugs. Although clinical studies have observed a gene-dose effect for some tricyclic antidepressants, it is difficult to establish clear relationships of their pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamic parameters to genetic variations of CYP2D6; therefore, dosage adjustment based on the CYP2D6 phenotype cannot be recommended at present. There is initial evidence for a gene-dose effect on commonly used selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), but data on the effect of the CYP2D6 genotype/phenotype on the response to SSRIs and their adverse effects are scanty. Therefore, recommendations for dose adjustment of prescribed SSRIs based on the CYP2D6 genotype/phenotype may be premature. A number of clinical studies have indicated that there are significant relationships between the CYP2D6 genotype and steady-state concentrations of perphenazine, zuclopenthixol, risperidone and haloperidol. However, findings on the relationships between the CYP2D6 genotype and parkinsonism or tardive dyskinesia treatment with traditional antipsychotics are conflicting, probably because of small sample size, inclusion of antipsychotics with variable CYP2D6 metabolism, and co-medication. CYP2D6 phenotyping and genotyping appear to be useful in predicting steady-state concentrations of some classical antipsychotic drugs, but their usefulness in predicting clinical effects must be explored. Therapeutic drug monitoring has been strongly recommended for many antipsychotics, including haloperidol, chlorpromazine, fluphenazine, perphenazine, risperidone and thioridazine, which are all metabolized by CYP2D6. It is possible to merge therapeutic drug monitoring and pharmacogenetic testing for CYP2D6 into clinical practice. There is a clear gene-dose effect on the formation of O-demethylated metabolites from multiple opioids, but the clinical significance of this may be minimal, as the analgesic effect is not altered in poor metabolizers (PMs). Genetically caused inactivity of CYP2D6 renders codeine ineffective owing to lack of morphine formation, decreases the efficacy of tramadol owing to reduced formation of the active O-desmethyltramadol and reduces the clearance of methadone. Genetically precipitated drug interactions might render a standard opioid dose toxic. Because of the important role of CYP2D6 in tamoxifen metabolism and activation, PMs are likely to exhibit therapeutic failure, and ultrarapid metabolizers (UMs) are likely to experience adverse effects and toxicities. There is a clear gene-concentration effect for the formation of endoxifen and 4-OH-tamoxifen. Tamoxifen-treated cancer patients carrying CYP2D6*4,*5,*10, or *41 associated with significantly decreased formation of antiestrogenic metabolites had significantly more recurrences of breast cancer and shorter relapse-free periods. Many studies have identified the genetic CYP2D6 status as an independent predictor of the outcome of tamoxifen treatment in women with breast cancer, but others have not observed this relationship. Thus, more favourable tamoxifen treatment seems to be feasible through a priori genetic assessment of CYP2D6, and proper dose adjustment may be needed when the CYP2D6 genotype is determined in a patient. Dolasetron, ondansetron and tropisetron, all in part metabolized by CYP2D6, are less effective in UMs than in other patients. Overall, there is a strong gene-concentration relationship only for tropisetron. CYP2D6 genotype screening prior to antiemetic treatment may allow for modification of antiemetic dosing. An alternative is to use a serotonin agent that is metabolized independently of CYP2D6, such as granisetron, which would obviate the need for genotyping and may lead to an improved drug response. To date, the functional impact of most CYP2D6 alleles has not been systematically assessed for most clinically important drugs that are mainly metabolized by CYP2D6, though some initial evidence has been identified for a very limited number of drugs. The majority of reported in vivo pharmacogenetic data on CYP2D6 are from single-dose and steady-state pharmacokinetic studies of a small number of drugs. Pharmacodynamic data on CYP2D6 polymorphisms are scanty for most drug studies. Given that genotype testing for CYP2D6 is not routinely performed in clinical practice and there is uncertainty regarding genotype-phenotype, gene-concentration and gene-dose relationships, further prospective studies on the clinical impact of CYP2D6-dependent metabolism of drugs are warranted in large cohorts. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety of conventional systemic agents and biologic agents in the treatment of psoriasis$$$ For many years, the mainstays of psoriasis therapy were conventional oral immunosuppressants (eg, cyclosporine and methotrexate) and retinoids. Recently, six biologic agents were approved for the treatment of psoriasis in Canada and the United States: alefacept, efalizumab, etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab, and ustekinumab. Biologic agents exert their therapeutic effect in psoriasis through inhibition of various pathways. Although these treatments are new to the management of psoriasis, many have been used in other disease states, such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and Crohn's disease. Long-term safety data are available from the treatment of these diseases. Both conventional and biologic treatments are effective in the treatment of psoriasis, but they are associated with serious adverse events, ranging from organ toxicity to serious infections, birth defects, and malignancies. This article reviews the safety profiles of both classes of treatments. © 2009 Canadian Dermatology Association. ER  - 
The choice of initial monotherapy in newly diagnosed epilepsy requires careful consideration of multiple factors$$$ When choosing an antiepileptic drug with which to initiate monotherapy in patients who are newly diagnosed with epilepsy, therapy should be tailored based on specific disease-, patient- and treatment-related features. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comorbid pain, depression, and anxiety: Multifaceted pathology allows for multifaceted treatment$$$ The care of patients who suffer from physical pain and a psychiatric illness is typically challenging because of the complex interplay of affective, behavioral, cognitive, and physical aspects of pain. Psychiatrists are often asked to evaluate patients with pain because of a concern for comorbid depression and anxiety, and fears of suicidality as a result of pain. This article reviews the pathophysiology of comorbid pain, anxiety, and depression, along with the treatment modalities (pharmacologic, psychotherapeutic, and "alternative") that may benefit all three conditions. Copyright © 2009 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Experience in routine clinical practice with pregabalin as add-on medication in focal epilepsy: An observational study$$$ Background Only little information is available on the post-marketing use of pregabalin. Therefore, an observational study on the use of pregabalin by office-based neurologists was performed. The focus was on dosing, tolerability, clinical benefit and the influence of pregabalin on sleep quality. Methods Patients 18 years and older with drug-resistant focal epilepsy who received pregabalin as adjunctive therapy were prospectively enrolled. The study period comprised the first 12 weeks after drug initiation. Patient characteristics, the use of pregabalin, epilepsy outcome, adverse events and subjective sleep quality as measured by the Medical Outcome Study (MOS) Sleep Scale were recorded. Results 323 patients were included (age: 47.3±15.5 years; female 44.6%; 63.5% focal onset with generalised tonic-clonic seizures). Seizure frequency was 1.8±2.4/week at study entry. Pregabalin treatment was started most often with 150mg/d. The mean maintenance dosage was 300.7±135.7mg/d (range: 50900mg). Adverse events were reported by 8% of the patients: somnolence (5%), dizziness (1.8%), weight gain (1.2%), and seizure aggravation (0.6%). 21 patients (6.5%) left the study prematurely, 10 (3.1%) because of adverse events. 23.8% of the patients remained seizure free during the study period. Patients who were treated with a combination of pregablin and lamotrigine experienced the greatest seizure reduction. All subscales of the MOS Sleep Scale improved towards the end of the study. Conclusion This observational study confirms that patients with focal epilepsy benefit from the adjunctive treatment with pregabalin. The rate of adverse events was low. Pregabalin appeared to be easy to use in clinical practice and showed positive effects on sleep quality. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Adenosine receptors and the central nervous system$$$ The adenosine receptors (ARs) in the nervous system act as a kind of "go-between" to regulate the release of neurotransmitters (this includes all known neurotransmitters) and the action of neuromodulators (e.g., neuropeptides, neurotrophic factors). Receptor-receptor interactions and AR-transporter interplay occur as part of the adenosine's attempt to control synaptic transmission. A2AARs are more abundant in the striatum and A1ARs in the hippocampus, but both receptors interfere with the efficiency and plasticity-regulated synaptic transmission in most brain areas. The omnipresence of adenosine and A2A and A1 ARs in all nervous system cells (neurons and glia), together with the intensive release of adenosine following insults, makes adenosine a kind of "maestro" of the tripartite synapse in the homeostatic coordination of the brain function. Under physiological conditions, both A2A and A1 ARs play an important role in sleep and arousal, cognition, memory and learning, whereas under pathological conditions (e.g., Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, stroke, epilepsy, drug addiction, pain, schizophrenia, depression), ARs operate a time/circumstance window where in some circumstances A1AR agonists may predominate as early neuroprotectors, and in other circumstances A2AAR antagonists may alter the outcomes of some of the pathological deficiencies. In some circumstances, and depending on the therapeutic window, the use of A 2AAR agonists may be initially beneficial; however, at later time points, the use of A2AAR antagonists proved beneficial in several pathologies. Since selective ligands for A1 and A2A ARs are now entering clinical trials, the time has come to determine the role of these receptors in neurological and psychiatric diseases and identify therapies that will alter the outcomes of these diseases, therefore providing a hopeful future for the patients who suffer from these diseases. © 2009 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Switching on Epigenetic Therapy$$$ Reversible epigenetic changes that alter gene expression are a characteristic of many cancers and other diseases. Biotech companies are taking note and are starting to develop new drugs to reverse such pathogenic "epimutations.". © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Maternal and perinatal outcome in obese pregnant patients$$$ Introduction. Obesity represents a rapidly emerging epidemic amongst pregnant patients in South Australia, in particular in Adelaide's Northern suburbs, one of the poorest urban areas in Australia. The aim of the current study was to prepare a comprehensive overview of maternal and perinatal outcome in overweight, obese and morbidly obese pregnant patients. Material and methods.Retrospective review of women with singleton pregnancies delivering in the first 6 months of 2006; 100 with normal BMI group I: BMI 19.125 kgm 2, 100 overweight group II: BMI 25.130 kgm2, 110 obese group III: BMI 30.140 kgm2 and 60 morbidly obese women group IV: BMI >40 kgm2 were identified with access to complete medical records. Outcome measures included booking demographics, booking blood pressures, glucose challenge and glucose tolerance results, hypertensive complications, pre-existing and gestational diabetes, instrumental deliveries, caesarean deliveries, blood loss, birth weights, Apgar scores, post-partum complications and psychological problems. Results.Women in group II, III and IV were characterised by higher systolic booking blood pressure mean differences: 3.92, 9.94 and 9.84 respectively for group II, III and IV and higher diastolic booking blood pressures mean differences 3.02, 6.92 and 9.22 respectively. As a combined group IIIV, women were at increased risk for pre-existing morbidity OR 2.33 and requiring medication OR 2.13. Pregnancy hypertension occurred significantly more in group III and IV with OR 2.38 and 3.75. Women without pre-existing hypertension were also found to be at increased risk to develop gestational hypertension only if they belonged to group IV OR 3.69. Women in group III and IV are at increased risk at gestational diabetes with OR 8.82 and 27.38. Women in group III and IV are less likely to have a spontaneous onset of labour with ORs of 2.18 and 3.51 for not having spontaneous onset of labour. Induction of labour occurred more often in group IV OR 3.17. Requirement of instrumental deliveries or lower segment caesarean section occurred more often in group II, III and IV with OR 2.20, 3.28 and 5.47 respectively. Significant more blood loss was found in group III and IV with mean differences of 135.42 and 207.94 ml compared with group I. The birthweight in group III and IV are significantly higher with mean differences of 104.86 and 324.94 g. Macrosomia occurred more often in group IV OR 4.04. Women in group III and IV had a longer overall hospital stay with mean differences of 0.58 and 1.09 days. Mental health issues were more common in group II, III and IV with OR 3.16, 3.53 and 4.17 respectively. Conclusion.These South Australian data from a socio-economically deprived area in Adelaide's Northern suburbs confirm that obesity during pregnancy represents a major risk for adverse outcome for patients with a whole spectrum of adverse pregnancy outcomes; obesity represents a major challenge for health care providers. © 2009 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Dissociative seizures$$$ Dissociative seizures are paroxysmal episodes of disturbed behavior that bear some resemblance to epileptic seizures but are not attributable to any organic disturbance, including epilepsy. Dissociative seizures are common, accounting for up to 20% of patients thought to have medically intractable epilepsy. In many cases, the correct diagnosis is missed for several years, during which time patients are treated with antiepileptic drugs without any therapeutic effects. Polypharmacy is common, and the disorder is often suspected only after successive trials of antiepileptic medication prove ineffective. The disorder carries a poor prognosis: the majority of patients remains out of employment and have a poor social outcome even if seizures become less frequent or resolve. There have been several retrospective case series and a number of authors have outlined general principles of management. There was published an open, prospective successful trial of cognitive behavior therapy in patients with dissociative seizures attending a specialist neuropsychiatry service. ER  - 
Oxcarbazepine in combination with tiaprid in inpatient alcohol-withdrawal a RCT$$$ Introduction: Oxcarbazepine (OXC), a derivative of Carbamazepine (CBZ), may represent a solution to metabolic and side effects of CBZ treatment due to the fact that renal excretion is its major route of elimination. The goal of the study is to compare the efficacy and tolerability of OXC/Tiaprid (TIA) combination therapy to the well established Clomethiazole (CLO) therapy in an inpatient setting. Methods: To investigate the efficacy of OXC/TIA in terms of lower alcohol withdrawal symptoms and better tolerability, 56 alcohol-dependent patients participated in a randomized open-label trial, where OXC/TIA and CLO treatments were compared. Results: Following admission, we observed that severity of alcohol withdrawal syndrome was comparable between OXC/TIA and CLO-patients. Overall tolerability was good. However, significantly more patients in the OXC/TIA-group (48.1%) displayed no AE compared to the CLO-group (24.1%). We found no significant differences between groups regarding total number of recorded adverse events (AEs). Discussion: OXC/TIA inpatient therapy proved to be as effective and participants demonstrated the same tolerance as with CLO. In medication-based alcohol withdrawal, OXC/TIA could have the potential to become a promising alternative for alcohol dependent patients unable to undergo inpatient withdrawal therapy with CLO. Our findings further indicate that it could be worthwhile testing OXC/TIA in alcohol withdrawal in daily care units and outpatient settings. This is an important question for national health care services, since outpatient therapy is more and more asked for as alternative to inpatient settings. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Molecular control of HIV-1 postintegration latency: Implications for the development of new therapeutic strategies$$$ The persistence of HIV-1 latent reservoirs represents a major barrier to virus eradication in infected patients under HAART since interruption of the treatment inevitably leads to a rebound of plasma viremia. Latency establishes early after infection notably (but not only) in resting memory CD4+ T cells and involves numerous host and viral trans-acting proteins, as well as processes such as transcriptional interference, RNA silencing, epigenetic modifications and chromatin organization. In order to eliminate latent reservoirs, new strategies are envisaged and consist of reactivating HIV-1 transcription in latently-infected cells, while maintaining HAART in order to prevent de novo infection. The difficulty lies in the fact that a single residual latently-infected cell can in theory rekindle the infection. Here, we review our current understanding of the molecular mechanisms involved in the establishment and maintenance of HIV-1 latency and in the transcriptional reactivation from latency. We highlight the potential of new therapeutic strategies based on this understanding of latency. Combinations of various compounds used simultaneously allow for the targeting of transcriptional repression at multiple levels and can facilitate the escape from latency and the clearance of viral reservoirs. We describe the current advantages and limitations of immune T-cell activators, inducers of the NF-and#954;B signaling pathway, and inhibitors of deacetylases and histone- and DNA- methyltransferases, used alone or in combinations. While a solution will not be achieved by tomorrow, the battle against HIV-1 latent reservoirs is well- underway. © 2009 Colin and Van Lint; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Toxicity from modafinil ingestion toxicity from modafinil ingestion H.A. Spiller et al.$$$ Introduction. Modafanil, a non-amphetamine stimulant, is used for narcolepsy, sleep apnea, and shift work sleep disorder. There is little available information on the toxicity of modafinil overdose. Method. We performed a retrospective multi-poison center chart review of patients from 11 states who had a single substance ingestion of modafanil with follow up to a known outcome for the years 20002007. Data collected included age, gender, dose ingested, clinical effects, length of hospital stay, and medical outcome. Results. There were 137 patients, of whom 85 (63) were female. Ages ranged from 1 to 82 years with a mean and median of 22 years (18) and 20 years, respectively, with 43 patients (31) aged <6 years. Most frequently reported clinical effects were tachycardia (n 38), insomnia (n 33), agitation (n 27), dizziness (n 25), and anxiety (n 24). Forty-five patients were managed at home and 92 in a health-care setting, with only 23 (17) requiring a medical admission. Therapies included benzodiazepines (n 14), diphenhydramine (n 5), β-blockers (n 3), haloperidol (n 2), IV fluid hydration (n 2), and one each of nitroglycerin, epinephrine, benztropine, and promethazine. Conclusions. In this case series, clinical effects of modafinil overdoses were generally mild with predominantly tachycardia and CNS toxicity. However, clinically significant effects warranting specific therapy occurred in a minority of patients. ER  - 
Valproate preparations for agitation in dementia$$$ Background: Agitation affects up to 70% of older people with dementia. Valproic acid derivatives have been used for the past 10 years to control agitation in dementia, but no systematic review of the effectiveness of this treatment has been published to date. A systematic review of 2004 examined three randomised, placebo-controlled trials of the effect of valproate therapy on older people with dementia who were agitated. The review was updated (October 2008) to include two additional studies. Objectives: To determine whether evidence supports the use of valproate preparations in the treatment of agitation of people with dementia. Search strategy: The Specialized Register of the Cochrane Dementia and Cognitive Improvement Group (CDCIG), The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CINAHL and LILACS were searched on 7 February 2008 using the terms: valproic OR valproate OR divalproex*. The CDCIG Specialized Register contains records fromall major health care databases (The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, LILACS) as well as from many trials databases and grey literature sources. Selection criteria: Randomized, placebo-controlled trials with concealed allocation where agitation and dementia of participants were assessed Data collection and analysis: 1. Two reviewers extracted data from published trials 2. Odds ratios of average differences were calculated 3. Only "intention to treat" analyses were included 4. Analysis compared participants treated with valproic acid with controls Main results: Meta-analysis in 2004 of the pooled results was limited because of the following problems. In Porsteinsson 2001, although the physicians having direct responsibility for patient care were blinded, a non-blinded physician, who had no direct contact with these physicians, adjusted divalproex sodium dosage on the basis of reports from blinded raters and from confidential laboratory reports. Therefore, because the physician who controlled therapy knew which patients were receiving divalproex, the trial did not satisfy the criterion of concealed allocation. In Tariot 2001, 54% of the treated patients dropped out compared with 29% of control patients. Of all treated patients, 22% dropped out because of adverse effects, and the study had to be discontinued prematurely. The third trial (Sival 2002) had a cross-over design. No results from the first phase of the study were available, and although the statistical section stated, "the t-test for independent samples is used to analyse the two-period cross-over trial", because the samples were not independent - they are the same patients in the treatment and placebo groups - a question must be raised about the correctness of the analyses. The valproate preparation used in the trials varied - one used short-acting sodium valproate, one long-acting divalproex sodium, and the third early-onset acting divalproex sodium. Average doses differed (480 mg/d - 1000 mg/d), as did duration of therapy (3 weeks - 6 weeks), and ways of evaluating patients and their response to therapy. A limited meta-analysis, pooling the results concerning adverse effects (Porsteinsson 2001, Tariot 2001) revealed the following: sedation occurred more frequently in patients treated with valproic acid than in controls. Urinary tract infection was more common among patients treated with valproic acid than controls. An updated systematic review (October 2008) of two new studies (Tariot 2005, Herrmann 2007) applied meta-analysis to the effect of valproate on agitation in demented patients and also combined these studies with the earlier reports to examine adverse effects among valproate treated patients. Because the study of Herrmann et al involved a cross-over design, only those results from the first part of this study were included in the updated review. The newmeta-analysis of pooled results showed no improvement of agitation among valproate treated patients, compared with controls, and showed an increase in adverse events (falls, infection, gastrointestinal disorders) among valproate treated patients. Authors' conclusions: The updated review corroborates the earlier findings that valproate preparations are ineffective in treating agitation among demented patients, and that valproate therapy is associated with an unacceptable rate of adverse effects. More research on the use of valproate preparations for agitation of people with dementia is needed.On the basis of current evidence, valproate therapy cannot be recommended for management of agitation in dementia. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of refractory complex partial seizures: Role of vigabatrin$$$ Vigabatrin (VGB) is an antiepileptic drug that was designed to inhibit GABA-transaminase, and increase levels of γ-amino-butyric acid (GABA), a major inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain. VGB has demonstrated efficacy as an adjunctive antiepileptic drug for refractory complex partial seizures (CPS) and for infantile spasms (IS). This review focuses on its use for complex partial seizures. Although VGB is well tolerated, there have been significant safety concerns about intramyelinic edema and visual field defects. VGB is associated with a risk of developing bilateral concentric visual field defects. Therefore, the use of VGB for complex partial seizures should be limited to those patients with seizures refractory to other treatments. Patients must have baseline and follow-up monitoring of visual fields, early assessment of its efficacy, and ongoing evaluation of the benefits and risks of VGB therapy. © 2009 Waterhouse et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Drug addiction during pregnancy: Correlations between the placental health and the newborn's outcome Elaboration of a predictive score$$$ During pregnancy, drug addiction represents one of the most dangerous situations. Each drug can badly affect the fetal development and, when the pregnancy is over, the negative influence continues in the newborn which is exposed to many risks, in particular the withdrawal syndrome. Since it is difficult to predict the newborn's outcome only on the basis of the kind of drug assumed by the mother during pregnancy, we propose the idea of a score based on the placenta's state of health. The aim of the study is to correlate the placental score to the withdrawal symptoms graveness. Our retrospective study includes 35 newborns exposed in uterus to illegal and legal drugs. We used the Finnegan's scoring system to quantify withdrawal symptoms and the placental score, based on the anatomopathological analysis, to assess the placenta's health. The newborns included in our study have been divided into two groups depending on the result of the placental score (≤2 or ≥3). We found a significant statistical difference between the newborns whose placental score was low (≤2) and those whose score was high (≥3): the second group showed severe withdrawal symptoms for a longer time during the hospital stay (p=0.014). © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Impact of seizure duration in maintenance electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Acute electroconvulsive therapy has anticonvulsive effects. The aim of the present study was to investigate the anticonvulsive efficiency of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy. Records of patients treated with maintenance electroconvulsive therapy were screened retrospectively, and the changes in seizure duration were measured. The patients were subdivided into responders and non-responders. Responders had no significant seizure duration changes within the first week of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy. In contrast, the seizure duration of the non-responder group increased significantly within the first week. It was concluded that the early increase in seizure duration at constant energy could be predictive of relapse. © 2009 Japanese Society of Psychiatry and Neurology. ER  - 
Medicinal chemistry strategies to reduce CYP2D6 inhibitory activity of lead candidates$$$ Among the various human cytochrome P450s (CYP450s) that catalyze the biotransformation of xenobiotics, CYP450 2D6 (CYP2D6) is one of the most important based on the number and wide variety of its drug substrates. CYP2D6 shows a high degree of interindividual variability, which is primarily due to the extensive genetic polymorphism that influences its expression and function. A number of drugs have been clinically implicated in major drug-drug interactions (DDI) via CYP2D6 inhibition. In order to avoid or minimize issues related to CYP2D6-mediated DDIs, pharmaceutical companies routinely screen for potential CYP2D6 liability of lead candidates in the early stage of the drug discovery process. This review summarizes the medicinal chemistry tactics employed to mitigate inhibitory activity at CYP2D6, identified through an extensive literature survey covering the 1998-2008 period. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Neurological Disorders in Schizophrenia$$$ Schizophrenia (SZ) is a complex, heterogeneous, and disabling psychiatric disorder that impairs multiple aspects of human cognitive, perceptual, emotional, and behavioral functioning. SZ is relatively frequent (prevalence around 1%), with onset usually during adolescence or early adulthood, and has a deteriorating course. The rapidly growing area of neuroimaging research has has found clear evidence of many cortical and subcortical abnormalities in individuals with SZ. In this article the most recent findings from multiple studies on neurological disorders in SZ are reviewed, and the authors make a strong argument for a neurological basis of the schizophrenic process. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Sex-specific differences in side effects of psychotropic drugs: Genes or gender?$$$ Sex differences observed in the adverse effects associated with psychotropic drugs have not been reported consistently in the literature. In this review, we discuss the current published data on sex differences observed in the occurrence, symptomatology and reporting of the adverse effects associated with psychotropic drug effects, and discuss their clinical relevance. We reviewed the published data up to April 2009 on sex differences in the side effects of antipsychotics, antidepressant and mood stabilizers, by systematically searching PubMed using combinations of search terms and retrieving relevant references specifically reporting on these issues. The majority of the data was retrieved from clinical studies where the main outcome parameters did not relate specifically to sex differences. In most instances, sex was associated with other factors influencing side effects such as age, disease and body weight. Sex-related differences were reported in the side effects associated with antipsychotic drug-induced weight gain and metabolic syndrome, symptoms of sexual dysfunction caused by antidepressants and antipsychotic drugs and cardiac arrhythmic side effects associated with antipsychotic drugs. Women might differ from men not only in incidence but also in the presentation of clinical symptoms associated with adverse psychotropic drug effects. Clinicians should be made aware of the differences reported in the literature regarding the symptomatology, severity and recognition of the adverse psychotropic drug effects found in men and women. © 2009 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Strategies for Managing Fibromyalgia$$$ The presentation of fibromyalgia is heterogeneous, and the treatment approach should be individualized for each patient, depending on the severity of the patient's pain, the presence of other symptoms or comorbidities, and the degree of functional impairment. The management of fibromyalgia includes the identification and treatment of all pain sources that may be present in addition to fibromyalgia, such as peripheral pain generators (e.g., comorbid osteoarthritis or neuropathic pain) or visceral pain (e.g., comorbid irritable bowel syndrome). It is also important to address other symptoms or disorders that commonly occur in patients with fibromyalgia, such as fatigue, sleep disturbances, cognitive impairment, stiffness, and mood or anxiety disorders. Finally, the treatment should strive to improve the patient's function and global health status. In most cases, the management of fibromyalgia involves both pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic treatments. This report provides an in-depth review of randomized, controlled trials for pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic approaches to fibromyalgia therapy. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Vigabatrin: A comprehensive review of drug properties including clinical updates following recent FDA approval$$$ Background: Vigabatrin (Sabril®) was approved in the USA in mid-2009 for the adjunctive treatment of refractory complex partial seizures and as treatment of infantile spasms. Vigabatrin's more than 30-year history of research and development is condensed into a clinically relevant review pertaining to this 2009 approval. Methods/discussion: A review of the scientific literature was conducted with special focus given to the drug molecule, its mechanism of action, its effects on living systems (e.g., pharmacokinetic, pharmacologic and toxicologic), and its anticipated role among antiepileptic drugs in the USA. Conclusions: The recent approval of vigabatrin makes a significant addition to antiepileptic drug options. The FDA implemented a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy to control for the possibility of severe adverse drug events. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Multidrug-Resistant and Extensively Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis in the West. Europe and United States: Epidemiology, Surveillance, and Control$$$ The emergence of multidrug-resistant (MDR) and, more recently, of extensively drug resistant (XDR) strains of Mycobacterium tuberculosis is a real threat to achieve tuberculosis (TB) control and elimination globally. More than 510,000 new cases of MDR-TB occur each year and XDR-TB cases are recognized in every setting where there has been the capacity to detect them, particularly in Eastern Europe. MDR- and XDR-TB control in Europe and the United States are heavily affected by what happens globally, as the majority of cases occurring in these countries originate in high TB-burden areas of the world. Scaling-up of culture- and drug susceptibility testing capacities and the expanded use of high-technology assays for rapid determination of resistance represent the prerequisites to achieve better control of MDR- and XDR-TB. Most cases with MDR- and XDR-TB in Europe and the United States can be treated successfully if well-designed regimens based on available second- and third-line anti-TB drugs are used and surgical options are carefully considered. Nevertheless, the development of new (more effective and less toxic) drugs to treat patients infected by MDR- and XDR-TB strains with or without active disease are urgently needed. Adherence to internationally agreed standards of care and control practices is imperative to achieve TB control. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety and transparency of pediatric drug trials$$$ Objectives: To quantify the frequency and type of new safety information arising from studies performed under the auspices of the Pediatric Exclusivity Program, to describe the dissemination of these findings in the peer-reviewed literature and compare this with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) review, and to describe their effect on pediatric labeling. Design: Cohort study of the 365 trials performed for 153 drugs. Setting: The Pediatric Exclusivity incentive from December 1997 through September 2007. Participants: Food and Drug Administration publicly available records and peer-reviewed literature retrievable by MEDLINE search. Main Exposures: New safety findings obtained from the trials completed for exclusivity. Outcome Measures: Concordance of the information highlighted in the peer-reviewed article abstracts with the information in the FDA labeling and drug reviews. Results: There were 137 labeling changes; we evaluated 129 of these (the 8 selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors were excluded from review). Thirty-three products (26%) had pediatric safety information added to the labeling. Of these, 12 products had neuropsychiatric safety findings and 21 had other important safety findings. Only 16 of 33 of these trials (48%) were reported in the peer-reviewed literature; however, 7 of 16 focused on findings substantively different from those highlighted in the FDA reviews and labeling changes. Conclusions: Medication adverse events in children often differ from those in adults, particularly those that are neuropsychiatric in nature. Labeling changes for pediatric use demonstrate that pediatric drug studies provide valuable and unique safety data that can guide the use of these drugs in children. Unfortunately, most of these articles are not published, and almost half of the published articles focus their attention away from the crucial safety data. ©2009 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacological and Neurotoxicological Actions Mediated By Bupropion and Diethylpropion$$$ The antiappetite agent diethylpropion (DEP), and the antidepressant and antismoking aid compound bupropion (BP), not only share the same structural motif but also present similar mechanisms of action in the CNS. For example, both drugs induce the release as well as inhibit the reuptake of neurotransmitters such as a dopamine (DA) and norepinephrine (NE). In general, they produce mild side effects, including reversible psychomotor alterations mostly in geriatric patients (by BP), or moderate changes in neurotransmitter contents linked to oxidative damage (by DEP). Therefore, attention must be paid during any therapeutic use of these agents. Regarding the interaction of BP with the DA transporter, residues S359, located in the middle of TM7, and A279, located close to the extracellular end of TM5, contribute to the binding and blockade of translocation mediated by BP, respectively. Additional mechanisms of action have also been determined for each compound. For example, BP is a noncompetitive antagonist (NCA) of several nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (AChRs). Based on this evidence, the dual antidepressant and antinicotinic activity of BP is currently considered to be mediated by its stimulatory action on DA and NE systems as well as its inhibitory action on AChRs. Considering the results obtained in the archetypical mouse muscle AChR, a sequential mechanism can be hypothesized to explain the inhibitory action of BP on neuronal AChRs: (1) BP first binds to AChRs in the resting state, decreasing the probability of ion channel opening, (2) the remnant fraction of open ion channels is subsequently decreased by accelerating the desensitization process, and finally (3) BP interacts with a binding domain located between the serine (position 9′) and valine (position 13′) rings that is shared with the NCA phencyclidine and other tricyclic antidepressants. The homologous location in the α3β4 AChR is between the serine and valine/phenylalanine rings. This new evidence opens a window for further investigation using AChRs as targets for the action of safer antidepressants and novel antiaddictive compounds. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Secondary osteoporosis in patients with an osteoporotic fracture$$$ Secondary osteoporosis is a common cause of osteoporosis, and there are many medical conditions associated with osteoporosis. Many of these present well before osteoporosis develops, and knowledge of these pre-existing conditions may influence the decision about whether to test and/or treat for osteoporosis. Men and premenopausal women with unexplained osteoporosis or a history of fragility fracture should undergo investigation for secondary osteoporosis. Postmenopausal women with risk factors for secondary osteoporosis should also be carefully evaluated. Beyond the well-recognised association with glucocorticoids, an increasing list of drugs has been implicated in causing bone loss and fractures. With appropriate consideration of secondary causes and relevant investigations, many of these conditions are preventable with newer therapies. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Multidrug- and Extensively Drug-resistant Tuberculosis in Africa and South America: Epidemiology, Diagnosis and Management in Adults and Children$$$ Available data show that Africa, together with the Americas and western and central Europe, reported the lowest prevalence of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB). However, sub-Saharan Africa has a high TB incidence and the highest human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) prevalence in the world, and because of the high number of TB cases, Africa still presents 14% of the global burden of new MDR-TB cases. Until recently, Africa and South America were deprived of second-line antituberculosis drugs, preventing the development of extensively drug-resistant TB (XDR-TB). Current efforts, introducing improved laboratory infrastructure and second-line TB treatment in resource-limited countries, need to be carried out with care to minimize the development of MDR/XDR-TB in these countries. Recent diagnostic developments now need evaluation and implementation in resource-limited areas, and delays in diagnosis also need to be addressed. Outcomes for MDR/XDR-TB have improved, but prevention of MDR/XDR-TB by early diagnosis and treatment, improvement of adherence, and proper infection control remains the mainstay for the future. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and epilepsy in pediatric populations$$$ There is a bidirectional relationship between attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and epilepsy. ADHD increases seizure risk, while patients with epilepsy have an increased prevalence of ADHD. The reasons explaining this association are not fully understood. Proposed mechanisms include effects of antiepileptic medications, underlying neurodevelopmental vulnerability, the effects of chronic seizures and subclinical epileptiform activity on cognitive functions and adrenergic dysfunction. There may also be a common genetic defect underlying both disorders in some families. Antiepileptics associated with ADHD-like side effects include phenobarbital, gabapentin, vigabatrin and topiramate. Methylphenidate has been studied in a double-blind setting against placebo for treatment of ADHD comorbid with epilepsy, and has a good risk-benefit ratio. Amphetamine, atomoxetine, clonidine and guanfacine only have case series to support their use and bupropion should be avoided. © 2009 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
New and investigational antiepileptic drugs$$$ In the last fifteen years, new antiepileptic medications have been offered for the treatment of patients with epilepsy. Nevertheless, despite optimal medical treatment, up to 30% of patients still experience recurrent seizures and the challenge for new, more efficacious and better-tolerated drugs continues. New antiepileptic drugs include the evolution of pre-existing drugs and new compounds identified through the investigation of additional molecular targets, such as SV2A synaptic vesicle protein, voltage-gated potassium channels, ionotropic and metabotropic glutamate receptors, and gap junctions. This paper reviews the available information on various classes of molecules that are in the pipeline as well as on the innovative approaches to the treatment of epilepsy. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd ISSN. ER  - 
Pregnancy and depression: Exploring a new potential treatment option$$$ The treatment of major depressive disorder during pregnancy is an important but complex clinical topic. Medications, electroconvulsive therapy, and psychotherapy are all reasonable choices, but each has its limitations. In this article, we propose that a novel device technology known as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation should be systematically studied as a potential treatment option for women with major depressive disorder during pregnancy. © 2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of psychiatric disorders$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an emerging novel treatment modality for psychiatric disorders, particularly major depression. A device for delivery of TMS was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for treatment of major depressive disorder in adults. TMS is being studied for a variety of psychiatric disorders, including obsessivecompulsive disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder, and auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia. In this article, we describe TMS and its neurobiologic basis, as well as the efficacy and safety data of TMS with regard to a range of psychiatric disorders. © 2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Mecamylamine a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist with potential for the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ Mecamylamine (Inversine®), the first orally available antihypertensive agent launched in the 1950s, is rarely used today for hypertension because of its widespread ganglionic side effects at antihypertensive doses (25-90 mg/day). However, more recent clinical studies suggest that mecamylamine is effective at much lower doses for blocking the central and peripheral effects of nicotine. Pharmacologically, mecamylamine has been well characterized as a nonselective and noncompetitive antagonist of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs). Because mecamylamine easily crosses the blood brain barrier at relatively low doses (2.5-10 mg), it has been used by several research groups over the past two decades investigating the role of central nAChRs in the etiology and treatment of various neuropsychiatric disorders, including addiction disorders, Tourette's syndrome, schizophrenia and various cognitive and mood disorders. Two independent Phase II clinical trials recently confirmed mecamylamine's hypothesized antidepressant activity and suggest that it may be effective as an augmentation pharmacotherapy for SSRI treatment resistant major depression. These areas of investigation for mecamylamine are reviewed and recommendations for future research directions are proposed. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Posttraumatic epilepsy and treatment$$$ Posttraumatic epilepsy (PTE) is a major long-term complication of traumatic brain injury (TBI). PTE usually develops within 5 years of head injury. The risk for developing PTE varies with TBI type. Both Korean and Vietnam war veterans with penetrating TBI had a 53% risk of developing PTE. The risk of developing PTE is between 10% and 25% in combat-associated closed-head trauma with positive brain imaging and about 5% in moderately severe closed-head injury without imaging finding. We do not know the risk of PTE among Operation Iraqi Freedom/Operation Enduring Freedom veterans with minimal TBI because of blast exposure. Partial seizures may manifest with subtle behavioral alterations that can be mistaken for manifestations of posttraumatic stress disorder and improperly treated. Accidents and medical complications commonly occur during seizures. Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy is most frequent among 20- to 40-year-olds. Seizures increase the likelihood of refractory seizures years after TBI. Seizures are also a social stigma that compromise veterans' reintegration into society. People with uncontrolled epilepsy are not allowed to drive and have difficulty obtaining or maintaining employment. Optimal seizure control is essential to the physical and emotional health of veterans with TBI and to their ability to lead productive lives. ER  - 
A phase 2 multiple ascending dose trial of bapineuzumab in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease$$$ BACKGROUND:: Bapineuzumab, a humanized anti-amyloid-beta (Aβ) monoclonal antibody for the potential treatment of Alzheimer disease (AD), was evaluated in a multiple ascending dose, safety, and efficacy study in mild to moderate AD. METHODS:: The study enrolled 234 patients, randomly assigned to IV bapineuzumab or placebo in 4 dose cohorts (0.15, 0.5, 1.0, or 2.0 mg/kg). Patients received 6 infusions, 13 weeks apart, with final assessments at week 78. The prespecified primary efficacy analysis in the modified intent-to-treat population assumed linear decline and compared treatment differences within dose cohorts on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive and Disability Assessment for Dementia. Exploratory analyses combined dose cohorts and did not assume a specific pattern of decline. RESULTS:: No significant differences were found in the primary efficacy analysis. Exploratory analyses showed potential treatment differences (p < 0.05, unadjusted for multiple comparisons) on cognitive and functional endpoints in study "completers" and APOE ε4 noncarriers. Reversible vasogenic edema, detected on brain MRI in 12/124 (9.7%) bapineuzumab-treated patients, was more frequent in higher dose groups and APOE ε4 carriers. Six vasogenic edema patients were asymptomatic; 6 experienced transient symptoms. CONCLUSIONS:: Primary efficacy outcomes in this phase 2 trial were not significant. Potential treatment differences in the exploratory analyses support further investigation of bapineuzumab in phase 3 with special attention to APOE ε4 carrier status. CLASSIFICATION OF EVIDENCE:: Due to varying doses and a lack of statistical precision, this Class II ascending dose trial provides insufficient evidence to support or refute a benefit of bapineuzumab. © 2009 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Felbamate in an adult population with severe refractory epilepsy$$$ Felbamate (FBM) is efficacious in treating patients with refractory epilepsy but was withdrawn due to cases of aplastic anaemia, hepatic failure and five reported deaths. FBM is currently used in specialist centres and is only being used in one Irish centre to date. This papers aim is to review the efficacy and safety experience of FBM in Irish adult patients with refractory epilepsy. A retrospective chart review was done on patients' medical records. Patients were subdivided into responders and non responders based on change in seizure frequency and side effects were recorded for all. Of the 13 patients on FBM nine patients responded to FBM, four patients did not. FBM is a safe and efficacious alternative in an Irish adult population with refractory epilepsy. However close monitoring is still required given the potential fatal side effects that are possible with this anticonvulsant. ER  - 
Therapy of Sézary syndrome$$$ Sézary syndrome (SS) is a lymphoma of skin-homing T cells. SS is defined as desquamative erythroderma involving at least 80% of the skin in addition to lymphadenopathy and leukemic involvement. Patients have a poor prognosis with an estimated 5-year survival of 20-27% and estimated median survival of 14-36 months. The goals of therapy are destruction of the malignant lymphocytes and correction of the immune imbalances caused by the malignant Th2 lymphocytes. Immunotherapeutics, such as interferons, retinoids, extracorporeal photopheresis and combination therapy are first-line therapies because of their favorable side-effect profiles. This review will focus on this interesting and expanding group of treatments. Chemotherapeutics, such as doxorubicin and gemcitabine, and monoclonal antibodies such as alemtuzumab, are second-line therapies owing to the risk of iatrogenic immunosuppression and cumulative toxicity. SS requires combination therapy, utilizing multiple skin-directed and systemic agents. The goal of this article is to discuss the treatment of SS, with a focus on immunotherapies ©2009 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
A treatment algorithm for neuropathic pain: An update$$$ Objective: The purpose of this review is to provide an update of the neuropathic pain treatment algorithm previously published by Namaka et al. in 2004. This algorithm focuses on the strategic incorporation of the latest pain therapies while providing an update of any recent developments involving medications previously listed in the algorithm. Data Sources: PubMed, MEDLINE, Cochrane, and Toxnet databases were used to conduct all literature searches on neuropathic pain and targeted treatment strategies. Comprehensive search efforts in the identified databases included studies published between 1980 and 2009. The search term "neuropathic pain" was used along with each of the agents outlined in this review: pregabalin, paroxetine CR, duloxetine, tramadol XL, Tramacet, Sativex, and nabilone. Study Selection: A total of 90 studies were reviewed and selected based on level 1, 2, and 3 search strategies. Data Extraction: Level 1 search strategies were initially aimed at evidence-based trials of large sample size (N > 100), with a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled design conducted by investigators well versed in the specialty area of interest. A level 2 search was conducted for additional trials that had many, but not all, of the desirable traits of evidence-based trials. In addition, a level 3 search strategy was conducted to compare key findings stated in anecdotal reports of very small (N < 15), poorly designed trials with the results of well-designed, evidence-based trials identified in level 1 and/or level 2 searches. Data Synthesis: Based on a thorough evaluation of the literature, pregabalin, paroxetine CR, and duloxetine have been placed in the updated algorithm as first-line agents, while tramadol XL, Tramacet, Sativex, and nabilone function primarily as adjunctive agents. Conclusion: The updated algorithm provides a baseline framework from which clinicians can justify the medication they prescribe. © 2009 American Society of Consultant Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Relative ineffectiveness of ultrabrief right unilateral versus bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in depression$$$ Objective: Bilateral (BL) electrode placement delivered at 2.5 times the initial seizure threshold (ST; 2.5 × ST) is the gold standard method for seizure delivery during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). However, there is a growing interest in using a high dose (6 × ST) with ultrabrief right unilateral (UB-RUL) electrode placement to reduce the incidence of possible short-term memory problems associated with BL ECT. Although studies have found UB-RUL ECT to have similar effectiveness to BL ECT, the objective of this study was to determine potential differences in efficiency (ie, the number of treatments needed to reach remission). Methods: Electroconvulsive therapeutic data for 56 patients with depression treated during 2006 and 2007 were analyzed via retrospective chart review. A total of 26 patients were started on UB-RUL ECT, whereas 30 patients were started on brief pulse BL ECT. Results: The patients started on high-dose UB-RUL ECT required significantly more treatments than the patients started on BL ECT (9.4 [3.3] vs 7.7 [2.8] treatments). Of the 26 patients started on UB-RUL ECT, 12 (46%) experienced a lack of effectiveness and/or insufficient seizure induction and were thus switched to BL ECT; the 8 patients switched because of lack of effectiveness received a mean (SD) of 12.2 (2.9) treatments, whereas the 4 patients switched because of insufficient seizure induction received a mean (SD) of 11.3 (3.6) treatments. Conclusions: These findings add to an emerging story of reduced efficiency of UB-RUL versus BL electrode placement for an index course of ECT for the treatment of depression. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Measuring electroencephalographic seizure adequacy during electroconvulsive therapy: A comparison of 2 definitions$$$ The second edition of The ECT Handbook of the Royal College of Psychiatrists gives importance to the pattern of electroencephalographic (EEG) seizure rather than to the duration for measuring seizure adequacy. We examined the potential effect of this change in definition by estimating the restimulation rates in electroconvulsive therapy. The new definition of EEG seizure was applied to 102 computerized EEG recordings obtained during electroconvulsive therapy sessions in an academic institute in India. The EEGs were read by 2 independent researchers blind to each other's ratings and blind to the motor seizure status. All 41 seizures considered "adequate" by the old definition also satisfied the new definition. Only 1 (2%) of the 58 "inadequate" seizures by the old definition was found to be adequate by the new definition. We had a very good interrater agreement on this reclassification (κ = 0.86). In this sample, a seizure with polyspikes and a 3-Hz activity (new definition) tended to last longer than 25 seconds (old definition), satisfying both definitions. An estimated 2% of the patients with adequate seizures could have been restimulated during the study period. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation in treatment-resistant bipolar depression$$$ Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) is a brain stimulation technique approved as augmentative treatment of drug-resistant depression (TRD). To date, however, the efficacy of VNS has been mostly investigated in unipolar depression and, only to a minor extent, in bipolar depression. However, given that VNS was first introduced in the treatment of refractory epilepsy due to its anticonvulsant properties, it would be of clinical interest to specifically assess the efficacy of this technique in patients with Bipolar Depression, and to evaluate not only its antidepressant effect but also its potential mood-stabilizing properties in the long-term. The present article provides a brief description of the technique and presents the preliminary results at 6 months of 4 patients with Bipolar Disorder and TRD treated with VNS therapy. In addition, hypotheses of potential mechanisms underpinning the efficacy of VNS in Bipolar Disorder are provided and discussed. © 2009 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l. ER  - 
Characteristics of auras in patients undergoing temporal lobectomy: Clinical article$$$ Object. Prior studies suggest that aura semiology may have localizing value. However, temporal lobe aura characteristics and response to surgery have not been studied in large patient series. Methods. The authors retrospectively analyzed the case records of 182 patients undergoing temporal lobectomy for medically intractable epilepsy at a single institution. They analyzed the frequency and type of auras and seizures preoperatively, and at 3 months and 1 year after temporal lobectomy. Auras were divided into medial semiology (rising epigastric, olfactory/gustatory, experiential, and fear) and lateral semiology (auditory, somatosensory, and visual), or other. Results. Of 182 patients, 150 were included in this study. The preoperative prevalence of auras was 77%. Multiple types of auras were present in 20% of patients. The most common aura was rising epigastric (26% of all auras). Postoperatively, auras were eliminated in 63% of patients at 3 months and in 64% at 1 year. Seventy-seven patients (51%) were seizure-free and aura-free, 22 (15%) were seizure-free with auras, 26 (17%) had seizures but no auras, and 25 (17%) had seizures with auras. Despite having their auras eliminated, 6.7% of patients continued to have complex partial seizures. Lateral temporal auras were more than twice as likely as medial temporal auras to persist after surgery (p < 0.002). Conclusions. While the majority of patients in the authors' series became seizure- and aura-free, a significant minority still had persistent auras. Patients with lateral temporal auras appear to be at increased risk for having persistent postoperative auras. The discrepancy between aura and seizure outcomes results in a small group of patients having persistent seizures but losing their auras postoperatively. ER  - 
A new paradigm for the prediction of antidepressant treatment response$$$ Current treatment of Major Depressive Disorder utilizes a trial-and-error sequential treatment strategy that results in delays in achieving response and remission for a majority of patients. Protracted ineffective treatment prolongs patient suffering and increases health care costs. In addition, long and unsuccessful antidepressant trials may diminish patient expectations, reinforce negative cognitions, and condition patients not to respond during subsequent antidepressant trials, thus contributing to further treatment resistance. For these reasons, it is critical to identify reliable predictors of antidepressant treatment response that can be used to shorten or eliminate lengthy and ineffective trials. Research on possible endophenotypic as well as genomic predictors has not yet yielded reliable predictors. The most reliable predictors identified thus far are symptomatic and physiologic characteristics of patients that emerge early in the course of treatment We propose here the term "response endophenotypes" (REs) to describe this class of predictors, defined as latent measurable symptomatic or neurobiologic responses of individual patients that emerge early in the course of treatment, and which carry strong predictive power for individual patient outcomes. Use of REs constitutes a new paradigm in which medication treatment trials that are likely to be ineffective could be stopped within 1 to 2 weeks and other medication more likely to be effective could be started. Data presented here suggest that early changes in symptoms, quantitative electroencephalography, and gene expression could be used to construct effective REs. We posit that this new paradigm could lead to earlier recovery from depressive illness and ultimately produce profound health and economic benefits. © 2009, LLS SAS. ER  - 
Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and tuberous sclerosis complex$$$ The neurobiological basis of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in tuberous sclerosis complex is still largely unknown. Cortical tubers may disrupt several brain networks that control different types of attention. Frontal lobe dysfunction due to seizures or epileptiform electroencephalographic discharges may perturb the development of brain systems that underpin attentional and hyperactive functions during a critical early stage of brain maturation. Comorbidity of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with mental retardation and autism spectrum disorders is frequent in children with tuberous sclerosis. Attention-deficit © 2009 The Author(s). ER  - 
Electroencephalographic examination in alcohol dependents$$$ It has been reported that electroencephalographic (EEG) examinations of alcohol dependents reveal a few abnormal findings. However, we show abnormal findings in 47 (64%) of 73 alcohol dependents in whom disturbance of consciousness, convulsions, disturbance of memory, emotional disorders and hallucination were present. Our results indicate that EEG examination may be necessary for real time assessment of brain function in alcoholism. ER  - 
Electromagnetic therapy for treating venous leg ulcers$$$ Background: Leg ulceration is a common, chronic, recurring condition. The estimated prevalence of leg ulcers in the UK population is 1.5 to 3 per 1000. Venous ulcers (also called stasis, or varicose ulcers) comprise 80 to 85% of all leg ulcers. Electromagnetic therapy is sometimes used as a treatment to assist the healing of chronic wounds such as venous leg ulcers. Objectives: To assess the effects of electromagnetic therapy on the healing of venous leg ulcers. Search strategy: For this first review update, we searched the Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register (last searched October 2005); CENTRAL (The Cochrane Library 2005, Issue 4); MEDLINE (1966 to October 2005); EMBASE (1980 to October 2005); and CINAHL (1982 to October 2005). Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials comparing electromagnetic therapy with sham electromagnetic therapy or other treatments. Data collection and analysis: For the original review, details of eligible studies were extracted and summarised using a data extraction sheet. Attempts were made to obtain missing data by contacting authors. A second reviewer checked data extraction. Meta-analysis was applied to combine the results of trials where the interventions and outcome measures were adequately similar. For this first update, two reviewers independently scrutinized the results of the search to identify relevant RCTs and obtained full reports of potentially eligible studies. In the case of disagreements, a final decision was made either after discussion between two reviewers or consultation with a third party (a member of the Cochrane Wounds Group). Main results: This update identified no new trials. A total of three eligible RCTs were identified by the original review. Two trials compared the use of electromagnetic therapy with sham therapy and one trial compared it with standard topical treatments. One trial found a difference in healing rates of borderline statistical significance between electromagnetic therapy and sham therapy, although the direction of treatment effect was consistently in favour of electromagnetic therapy, the difference was not statistically significant. Authors' conclusions: There is currently no reliable evidence of benefit of electromagnetic therapy in the healing of venous leg ulcers. Further research is needed. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacological interventions for ischaemia reperfusion injury in liver resection surgery performed under vascular control$$$ Background: Vascular occlusion used during elective liver resection to reduce blood loss results in significant ischaemia reperfusion (IR) injury. This in turn leads to significant postoperative liver dysfunction and morbidity. Various pharmacological drugs have been used in experimental settings to ameliorate the ischaemia reperfusion injury in liver resections. Objectives: To assess the relative benefits and harms of using one pharmacological intervention versus another pharmacological intervention to decrease ischaemia reperfusion injury during liver resections where vascular occlusion was performed during the surgery. Search strategy: We searched The Cochrane Hepato-Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Science Citation Index Expanded until January 2009. Selection criteria: We included randomised clinical trials, irrespective of language or publication status, comparing one pharmacological agent versus another pharmacological agent during elective liver resections with vascular occlusion. Data collection and analysis: Two authors independently identified trials for inclusion and independently extracted data. We analysed the data with both the fixedeffect and the random-effects models using RevMan Analysis. We planned to calculate the risk ratio (RR) or mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) based on intention-to-treat analysis or available case analysis. However, all outcomes were only reported on by single trials, and meta-analysis could not be performed. Therefore, we performed Fisher's exact test on dichotomous outcomes. Main results: We identified a total of five randomised trials evaluating nine different pharmacological interventions (amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, dopexamine, dopamine, ulinastatin, gantaile, sevoflurane, and propofol). All trials had high risk of bias. There was no significant difference between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. The ulinastatin group had significantly lower postoperative enzyme markers of liver injury compared with the gantaile group. None of the other comparisons showed any difference in any of the other outcomes. However, there is a high risk of type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of bias. Authors' conclusions: Ulinastatin may have a protective effect against ischaemia reperfusion injury relative to gantaile in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion. The absolute benefit of this drug agent remains unknown. None of the drugs can be recommended for routine clinical practice. Considering that none of the drugs have proven to be useful to decrease ischaemia reperfusion injury, such trials should include a group of patients who do not receive any active intervention whenever possible to determine the pharmacological drug's absolute effects on ischaemia reperfusion injury in liver resections. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Behavioural treatments for non-epileptic attack disorder$$$ Background: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (NES) have the outward appearance of epilepsy in the absence of physiological or electroencephalographic correlates.Non-epileptic seizures can occur in isolation or in combination with epileptic seizures. The development andmaintenance of non-epileptic seizures has been well documented and there is a growing literature on the treatment ofNES which includes nonpsychological (including anti-anxiety and antidepressant pharmacological treatment) and psychological therapies (including cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), hypnotherapy and paradoxical therapy). Various treatment methodologies have been tried with variable success. The purpose of this Cochrane review was to establish the evidence base for the treatment of NES. Objectives: To assess whether treatments for NES result in a reduction in frequency of seizures and/or improvement in quality of life, and whether any treatment is significantly more effective than others. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Epilepsy Group's Specialised Register (September 2005), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library Issue 3, 2005), MEDLINE (1966 to July 2005), and PsycINFO (1806 to July 2005). No language restrictions were imposed. We checked the reference lists of retrieved studies for additional reports of relevant studies Selection criteria: Randomised or quasi-randomised studies were included that assessed one or more types of psychological or non-psychological interventions for the treatment of NES. Studies of childhood NES were excluded from our review. Data collection and analysis: Three review authors independently assessed the trials for inclusion and extracted data. Outcomes included reduction in seizure frequency and improvements in quality of life. Main results: Three small studies met our inclusion criteria and were of poor methodological quality. Two assessed hypnosis and the other paradoxical therapy. There were no detailed reports of improved seizure frequency or quality of life outcomes, and these trials provide no reliable evidence of a beneficial effect of these interventions. Authors' conclusions: In view of the methodological limitations and the small number of studies, we have no reliable evidence to support the use of any treatment including hypnosis or paradoxical injunction therapy in the treatment of NES. Randomised studies of these and other interventions are needed. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Benzodiazepines for schizophrenia$$$ Background: Many people with schizophrenia do not achieve a satisfactory treatment response with ordinary antipsychotic drug treatment. In these cases, various add-on medications are used, among them benzodiazepines. Objectives: To review the effects of benzodiazepines for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizophrenia-like psychoses. Search strategy: The reviewers searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's register (last search March 2005). This register is compiled by methodical searches of BIOSIS, CINAHL,Dissertation abstracts, EMBASE, LILACS,MEDLINE, PSYNDEX, PsycINFO, RUSSMED, Sociofile, supplemented with hand searching of relevant journals and numerous conference proceedings. We also contacted authors of relevant studies in order to obtain missing data from existing trials. Selection criteria: All randomised controlled trials comparing benzodiazepine to antipsychotics or to placebo (or no intervention), whether as sole treatment or as an adjunct to antipsychotic medication for the treatment of schizophrenia and/or schizophrenia-like psychoses. Data collection and analysis: We independently inspected abstracts, selected studies and re-inspected and quality assessed the full reports.We independently extracted relevant outcomes. Dichotomous data were analysed using relative risks (RR) and the 95% confidence intervals (CI). Continuous data were analysed using weighted mean differences. Where possible the number needed to treat (NNT) or number needed to harm (NNH) statistics were calculated. Main results: The review currently includes 31 studies with over 2000 participants. Most studies were small, of short duration - one to 13 weeks - and inconsistently and incompletely reported. Eight studies compared benzodiazepines as a sole agent with placebo. More participants receiving benzodiazepines showed a clinically significant response (n=222, 4 RCTs, RR 0.54 CI 0.3 to 1.0, NNT 3 CI 2 to 17). Only one small study found a significant group difference in favour of benzodiazepines regarding the improvement in overall BPRS mental state. Different rating scales were used to assess general mental state, and therefore many outcomes could not be pooled and no overall direction of effect emerged. Some adverse events observed in these studies suggested that benzodiazepines were more harmful than placebos but again the data were incompletely reported and without overall effect. Thirteen studies examined the effects of benzodiazepines in comparison to antipsychotics as a sole treatment. Trials that reported on clinical response found no advantage for any treatment group concerning improvement of the participants' global state, except of one small study that analysed the mean CGI severity score at one hour. This comparison is highly limited by the low numbers of studies reporting on global function and the short trial duration. Two studies showed a statistically significant superiority of antipsychotics in terms of relapse prevention at one year. Desired sedation occurred significantly more often among participants in the benzodiazepine group than among participants in the antipsychotic treatment group at 20 (n=301, 1 RCT, RR 1.32 CI 1.2 -1.5, NNT 5, CI 3 to 8) and 40 minutes(n= 301, 1 RCT, RR 1.13 CI 1.0 to 1.2, NNT 9 CI 6 to 33), but not at 30, 60 or 12 minutes. Other outcomes relating to the general or specific mental state revealed no significant differences between groups. As far as adverse events were reported there were no results in favour of any group. Sixteen studies examined whether the augmentation of antipsychotics with benzodiazepines is more effective than antipsychotics as a sole treatment. During the first hour of treatment the combination treatment group benefited from the additional benzodiazepine in terms of the participants' global state. This benefit diminished over time and was not reproducible at 2 hours or longer. No superior efficacy of benzodiazepine augmentation could be found regarding the general mental state. Specific aspects of the mental state showed no group difference except for desired sedation at 30 and 60 minutes. Somnolence affected the combination treatment group significantly more than the control group (n=118, 2 RCTs, RR 3.30 CI 1.0 to 10.4, NNH 8 CI 5 to 50). We found use of antiparkinson medication to be less frequently used in the combination treatment group (n=282, RR 0.68 CI 0.5 to 1.0, NNT 9 CI 6 to 48). Adverse events were poorly reported and the results were based on very little data. Authors' conclusions: Randomised trial-derived evidence is currently too poor to recommend benzodiazepines neither as a sole nor as an adjunctive agent in schizophrenia or schizophrenia-like psychoses. The only significant effects were seen in terms of short-term sedation, at best. The evidence available on augmentation of antipsychotics with benzodiazepines is inconclusive and justifies large, simple and well-designed future trials focusing on clinical response, mental state, aggressive behaviour and adverse events. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Pimozide for schizophrenia or related psychoses$$$ Background: Pimozide, formulated in the 1960s, continues to be marketed for the care of people with schizophrenia or related psychoses such as delusional disorder. It has been associated with cardiotoxicity and sudden unexplained deaths. Electrocardiogram monitoring is now required before and during use. Objectives: To assess the clinical effects of pimozide for people with schizophrenia, non-affective psychotic mental illness and delusional disorder. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (July 2005). Selection criteria: We sought all relevant randomised clinical trials comparing pimozide with other treatments. Data collection and analysis: Working independently, we inspected citations, ordered papers, and then re-inspected and quality assessed the studies and extracted data. For homogeneous dichotomous data, we calculated the relative risk (RR), 95% confidence interval (CI), and, where appropriate, the number needed to treat (NNT) and the number needed to harm (NNH), on an intention-to-treat basis. We calculated weighted mean differences (WMD) for continuous data. We excluded data if loss to follow-up was greater than 50%. Main results: We found 35 relevant studies (total n=1348), all including people with schizophrenia but none with delusional disorder. 123 people were randomised to pimozide versus placebo. Data suggest that pimozide prevents relapse (2 RCTs, n=66, RR 0.45 CI 0.2 to 0.9, NNT 4 CI 3 to 22). Compared with typical antipsychotic drugs, pimozide has similar efficacy for outcomes of change in global functioning, mental state, relapse and leaving the study early. People allocated to pimozide did not have a higher mortality than those taking other antipsychotic drugs. Pimozide was more likely than typical antipsychotic drugs to cause tremor in the short-term (6 RCTs, n=192, RR 1.6 CI 1.1 to 2.3, NNH 6 CI 3 to 44) and lead to need for antiparkinsonian medication (4 RCTs, n=124, RR 1.8 CI 1.2 to 2.6, NNH 3 CI 2 to 5) than other drugs. In the medium-term, however, pimozide was less likely to cause sedation (5 RCTs, n=231, RR 0.6 CI 0.5 to 0.9, NNH 6 CI 4 to 16). Authors' conclusions: Although there are shortcomings in the data, there is enough overall consistency over different outcomes and time scales to confirm that pimozide is a drug with similar efficacy to other more commonly used antipsychotic drugs such as chlorpromazine for people with schizophrenia. There are no data to support or refute its use for those with delusional disorder. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Thioridazine for schizophrenia$$$ Background: Thioridazine is an antipsychotic that can still be used for schizophrenia although it is associated with the cardiac arrhythmia, torsades de pointe. Objectives: To review the effects of thioridazine for people with schizophrenia. Search strategy: For this 2006 update, we searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (June 2006). Selection criteria: We included all randomised clinical trials comparing thioridazinewith other treatments for peoplewith schizophrenia or other psychoses. Data collection and analysis: We reliably selected, quality rated and extracted data from relevant studies. For dichotomous data, we estimated relative risks (RR), with the 95% confidence intervals (CI). Where possible, we calculated the number needed to treat/harm statistic (NNT/H) on an intention-to-treat basis. Main results: This review currently includes 42 RCTs with 3498 participants. When thioridazine was compared with placebo (total n=668, 14 RCTs) we found global state outcomes favoured thioridazine (n=105, 3 RCTs, RR 'no change or worse' by 6 months 0.33 CI 0.2 to 0.5, NNT of 2 CI 2 to 3). Thioridazine is sedating (n=324, 3 RCTs, RR 5.37 CI 3.2 to 9.1, NNH 4 CI 2 to 74). Generally, thioridazine did not cause more movement disorders than placebo. Twenty-seven studies (total n=2598) compared thioridazine with typical antipsychotics. We found no significant difference in global state (n=743, 11 RCTs, RR no short-term change or worse 0.98 CI 0.8 to 1.2) and medium-term assessments (n=142, 3 RCTs, RR 0.99, CI 0.6 to 1.6). We found no significant differences in the number of people leaving the study early 'for any reason' (short-term, n=1587, 19 RCTs, RR 1.07 CI 0.9 to 1.3). Extrapyramidal adverse events lower for those allocated to thioridazine (n=1082, 7 RCTs,. RR use of antiparkinsonian drugs 0.45 CI 0.4 to 0.6). Thioridazine did seem associated with cardiac adverse effects (n=74, 1 RCT, RR 'any cardiovascular adverse event' 3.17 CI 1.4 to 7.0, NNH 3 CI 2 to 5). Electrocardiogram changes were significantly more frequent in the thioridazine group (n=254, 2 RCTs, RR 2.38, CI 1.6 to 3.6, NNH 4 CI 3 to 10). Six RCTs (total n=344) randomised thioridazine against atypical antipsychotics. Global state rating did not reveal any short-term difference between thioridazine and remoxipride and sulpiride (n=203, RR not improved or worse 1.00 CI 0.8 to 1.3). Limited data did not highlight differences in adverse event profiles. Authors' conclusions: Although there are shortcomings, there appears to be enough consistency over different outcomes and periods to confirm that thioridazine is an antipsychotic of similar efficacy to other commonly used antipsychotics for people with schizophrenia. Its adverse events profile is similar to that of other drugs, but it may have a lower level of extrapyramidal problems and higher level of ECG changes. We would advocate the use of alternative drugs, but if its use in unavoidable, cardiac monitoring is justified. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Valproic acid-carbapenem interaction: Report of six cases and a review of the literature$$$ Aim: To evaluate the drug interactions between valproic acid (VPA) and carbapenem antibiotics. Methods: The effects of concurrent use of VPA and carbapenem antibiotics were evaluated in a retrospective observational study of hospitalized adults. Patients receiving both VPA and a carbapenem with at least two plasma VPA concentrations serially measured prior to, during, and/or after this combined treatment were included. Results: Six critically ill VPA-treated patients were identified who concurrently received meropenem (n = 4), imipenem (n = 1), or ertapenem (n = 1). As compared with values obtained while not receiving treatment with the carbapenem, mean plasma VPA trough concentrations decreased by 58% (from 51.7 [95% confidence interval {CI} 28.0-75.4] to 21.8 [95% CI 11.1-32.5] mg/L; p = 0.025). Estimated mean VPA clearance increased by 191% (from 0.0158 [95% CI 0.0041-0.0275] to 0.0302 [95% CI 0.0169-0.0591] L/h/kg; p = 0.007). All VPA concentrations measured during concurrent VPA-carbapenem treatment were below the lower boundary of the usual therapeutic range. Five patients (83%) experienced generalized seizures during concurrent VPA-carbapenem treatment, including two with no prior history of seizures or epilepsy. Conclusions: All recipients showed evidence of a complex pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic drug interaction between VPA and a carbapenem. Concurrent use of these medications should be avoided. ©Freund Publishing House Ltd., 2009. ER  - 
Biochemical, molecular and epigenetic mechanisms of valproic acid neuroprotection$$$ Valproic acid (VPA, 2-propylpentanoic acid) has been widely used as an antiepileptic drug and for the therapy of bipolar disorders for several years. Its mechanism of action was initially found to be primarily related to neurotransmission and modulation of intracellular pathways. More recently, it emerged as an anti-neoplastic agent as well, by acting on cell growth, differentiation and apoptosis. Here, it mainly exerts its effect by regulating gene expression at the molecular level, through epigenetic mechanisms. In particular, it has been demonstrated the effect of VPA in chromatin remodeling, as VPA directly inhibits histone deacetylases (HDACs) activity. Interestingly, it has been observed that these biochemical and molecular pathways are involved not only in beneficial effect of VPA against epilepsy and malignancies, but they are also responsible for more general neuroprotective mechanisms. In particular, it has been demonstrated that VPA is neuroprotective in several models of neurodegenerative diseases. Moreover, due to the involvement of the VPA- affected mechanisms in complex behaviors, VPA is increasingly used as a psychotherapeutic agent. This review summarizes the more recent data on VPA neuroprotective mechanisms at the biochemical, molecular and epigenetic levels, focusing on both in vitro and in vivo models of neurodegenerative diseases. In particular, attention is paid to mechanisms by which VPA affects neuronal survival/apoptosis and proliferation/differentiation balance, as well as synaptic plasticity, by acting both directly on neurons and indirectly through glial cells. Perspective applications of the VPA neuroprotective potential in human neurodegenerative diseases are discussed, when relevant. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Pediatric clinical trials in psychopharmacology$$$ Most of the psychopharmaceuticals used in children and adolescents have not gone through the clinical trials process; only slightly more have had research studies accomplished in this age group, particularly in younger children. Given the pressure to treat mood and behavioral disorders early, many of the medication decisions we make are based on experiences with adults. Therefore, it is prudent to review the potential problems involved in pediatric clinical research particularly as it relates to psychiatry. In this article we will examine current FDA and IRB policies, discuss the ethical issues involved in recruiting children and adolescents for these studies, as well as discuss reluctance of parents and their children to participate in clinical trials. This will be based on a long history of academic clinical trial participation at LSUHSC in Shreveport, LA. Awareness of these issues will hopefully facilitate greater research in our younger patients, leading to improved treatment options for mental illnesses. ER  - 
Inventing the wheel once more or learning from the history of psychotherapy research methodology: Reply to Gaudiano's comments on Öst's (2008) review$$$ Gaudiano's criticism of one part of my review of ACT outcome research (Öst, 2008) is refuted on all issues but one. It is clear that the average amount of grant support for the ACT-studies was smaller than that of CBT-studies, even if the proportion of studies having grant support was not lower. However, that fact should only influence 25% (2 out of 8) of the methodology variables on which ACT-studies had lower mean scores than CBT-studies. It is not acceptable that a relatively new treatment, such as ACT, should be evaluated by more lenient criteria than already established therapies like CBT. If proponents of a new treatment wish to claim that their therapy is empirically supported then they have to accept to be evaluated by the APA Task Force criteria. It is time that ACT researchers start using the current psychotherapy research methodology. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Preoperative depressive symptoms predict postoperative seizure outcome in temporal and frontal lobe epilepsy$$$ Objective: Recent research has pointed to the possibility of a bidirectional relationship between seizure frequency in epilepsy and depressive symptoms. The study described here investigated the relationship between preoperative depressive symptomatology and postoperative seizure outcome in a sample of patients with temporal (TLE) and frontal (FLE) lobe epilepsy. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted on the data from 115 eligible patients with TLE (N = 97) and FLE (N = 18) and resections limited to one cortical lobe who were evaluated preoperatively and 1 year after epilepsy surgery with respect to depressive symptoms (Beck Depression Inventory, BDI) and seizure outcome. The latter was assessed in terms of actual total seizure frequency as well as a dichotomous variable (seizure free vs. not seizure free) for the 1-year outcome. Repeated-measures analyses of variance and regression analyses were applied. Results: Seizure-free patients had significantly lower BDI scores preoperatively as well as postoperatively than patients who were not seizure free. In the regression analyses, the preoperative BDI score was a significant predictor of postoperative seizure frequency as well as seizure freedom. When only patients with TLE were analyzed, the results for the association between preoperative BDI and postoperative seizure frequency and seizure freedom remained consistent. Conclusion: The present results provide evidence for a statistical bidirectionality of the relationship between depressive symptoms and postoperative seizure status in a mixed sample of patients with TLE and FLE. Possible reasons for this bidirectional association include an underlying common pathology in both depression and epilepsy, for example, structural changes or functional alterations in neurotransmitter systems. © 2009. ER  - 
Novel targets for anti-retroviral therapy$$$ Novel targets for the management of HIV infection have become increasingly relevant in view of extensive drug resistance, side effects and high pill burden of some of the conventional anti-retroviral agents. Structure based drug design using X-ray crystallography, nuclear magnetic resonance, and mass spectrometry have lead to the identification of novel class of drugs targeting new stages of HIV life cycle. These agents include chemokine receptor antagonists and the integrase inhibitors which were recently approved for HIV treatment, as well as numerous other agents directed to previously untested targets such as the maturation inhibitors, zinc finger inhibitors, pharmacological CDK inhibitors, Tat-TAR interaction inhibitors, anti-CD4 monoclonal antibody, antisense oligonucleotides, oxidisers of the HIV lipid envelope and agents acting on the proviral DNA. Use of new agents with novel mechanism of action requires the development of new laboratory assays to detect viral tropism and new resistance mutations. Despite the new developments providing hope to patients and clinicians in the fights against HIV, eradication of the disease still remains elusive. This review discusses issues surrounding the development of these new agents. © 2009 The British Infection Society. ER  - 
Update on autism: A review of 1300 reports published in 2008$$$ This publication, by reviewing 1300 studies published on autism in 2008, represents an update on this topic. Results include possible parental influences, maternal conditions, and studies on genes and chromosomes. Possible etiological factors involve the "extreme male brain," defects in the mirror neuron system, vaccines, underconnectivity, disorders of central coherence, and many other more specific etiologies. Assessments or tests for autism are also reviewed. Characteristics of autistic individuals include repetitive behavior, language disorders, sleep disturbances, social problems, joint attention disorders, seizures, allergic reactions, and various behavioral changes. Cognitive changes involve IQ, reasoning, and verbal and language disorders. The savant syndrome is a fascinating phenomenon, at times seen in autistic individuals. Neurophysiological and neuroanatomical changes are also reviewed, as are comorbid conditions. Finally, treatment involves various medications including risperidone, ziprasidone, and antipsychotic drugs, as well as different procedures such as magnetic stimulation, acupuncture, and hyperbaric oxygen therapy. As mentioned in the 2007 survey, nearly every conceivable problem that a child can have may be found in these unfortunate children and nearly every conceivable etiology has been mentioned to account for this serious disorder. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of donepezil, rivastigmine and galantamine for patients with alzheimer's disease: Systematic review of the 'real-world' evidence$$$ Background/Aims: The purpose of this systematic review was to compare the safety and tolerability of the cholinesterase inhibitors (ChEIs) donepezil, rivastigmine and galantamine for treating mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease (AD) patients in routine clinical practice. Methods: Electronic databases (Cochrane Library, Medline, EMBASE; accessed October 2008) and manual bibliographic searches were conducted to identify head-to-head non-randomised studies examining ChEIs for the treatment of AD. Data were extracted by 2 independent reviewers. Results: Twelve head-to-head studies comparing ChEIs met the pre-specified inclusion criteria; 6 retrospective analyses and 6 prospective cohort studies. Donepezil was the most widely studied treatment and galantamine the least widely prescribed therapy. Fewer donepezil-treated subjects withdrew due to adverse events (AEs) compared with rivastigmine and galantamine-treated subjects. The incidence of gastrointestinal (GI) AEs was lower following treatment with donepezil compared with rivastigmine and galantamine. Non-GI (CNS and cardiovascular) AEs occurred at a low frequency, and had a similar incidence in subjects treated with the different ChEIs. Conclusions: Subjects with mild to moderate AD treated in routine clinical practice with donepezil were more adherent to pharmacotherapy, and had a lower risk of GI AEs compared with rivastigmine or galantamine. This finding accords with results reported in the randomised clinical trial literature. © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Donepezil for dementia in people with Down syndrome$$$ Background: Alzheimer's dementia (AD) is the most common form of dementia in people with Down Syndrome [DS]. Acetylcholine is a chemical found in the brain that has an important role in memory, attention, reason and language. Donepezil a reversible inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase, which is thought to maintain levels of acetylcholine, and is reported to have some benefits for people with AD in the general population. It is important to note that people with DS tend to present with AD at a much younger age than the normal population as well as having subtle differences in physiology (e.g. metabolism and heart rate) and may therefore have different requirements from the general population. Objectives: To determine the effectiveness and safety of donepezil for people with DS who develop AD. Search strategy: CENTRAL, MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, PsycI NFO, BIOSIS, SCI, SSCI and the NRR were searched up to October 2008. We contacted the manufacturers of donepezil as well as experts in the field, to ask about reports of unpublished or ongoing trials. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials of participants with DS and AD in which treatment with donepezil was administered compared with a placebo group. Data collection and analysis: Data were extracted from the published reports of the one relevant study identified. Main results: The one study included in this review is a small (n=30) randomised controlled trial lasting 24 weeks. It was followed-up by an open label study with a crossover design. No significant differences were found on any four validated outcomes including global functioning and three measures of cognitive abilities and behavioural problems. 6 out of 16 carers (37%) of participants on donepezil and 2 out of 15 (13%) on placebo reported improvement. No data were available for day to day skills, institutionalisation, reduction in carers' stress or economic outcomes. Half the intervention group and 20% of the placebo group reported adverse events; two participants left because of adverse events. Authors' conclusions: To date there is only one small randomised controlled study on the effect of donepezil. This shows, at best, a modest, non statistically significant trend in favour of people with Down syndrome and Alzheimer's dementia who are able to tolerate donepezil (this drug is currently only dispensed in relatively large doses and is contraindicated for those with cardiac and respiratory problems).This study does not provide good evidence on which to base practice. Findings in an open-label follow up to this study suggest possible benefit in some individuals. Further, larger randomised controlled studies with longer-term follow up are required. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
The general and comparative efficacy and safety of duloxetine in major depressive disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Second-generation antidepressants dominate the management of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Evidence on the general and comparative benefits and harms is still accruing. Objective: To systematically review the general and comparative efficacy and safety of duloxetine for the treatment of acute-phase MDD in adults. Data Sources: We conducted a search of MEDLINE, Embase, PsychLit, The Cochrane Library, and the International Pharmaceutical Abstracts from 1980 to July 2009, as well as manually searching reference lists of pertinent review articles and exploring the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research database to identify unpublished research. Study Selection: For efficacy, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing duloxetine with placebo or second-generation antidepressants were included. For safety, both experimental and observational studies were eligible. Data Extraction: Abstracts and full-text articles were independently reviewed by two people, one investigator extracted relevant data, and a senior reviewer checked data for completeness and accuracy. Results: We included 36 experimental and observational studies and, where sufficient data were available,meta-analyses of RCTs were conducted. Findings indicated that duloxetine is an effective treatment option for acute-phase MDD, with a tolerability profile similar to other second-generation antidepressants. No substantial differences in efficacy and safety appear to exist when duloxetine is compared with other second-generation antidepressants. Overall, about 40% of patients treated with duloxetine achieved remission. Compared with other treatments, duloxetine had frequently higher rates of nausea, vomiting and dry mouth; however, these differences did not lead to higher discontinuation rates compared with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors as a class. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about rare but severe adverse events. Conclusions: Current evidence does not warrant the choice of duloxetine over other second-generation antidepressants based on greater efficacy or safety for patients with acute-phase MDD with or without accompanying symptoms such as pain. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Structure-function studies for the panacea, valproic acid$$$ The anticonvulsant properties of VPA (valproic acid), a branched short-chain fatty acid, were serendipitously discovered in 1963. Since then, therapeutic roles of VPA have increased to include bipolar disorder and migraine prophylaxis, and have more recently been proposed in cancer, Alzheimer's disease and HIV treatment. These numerous therapeutic roles elevate VPA to near 'panacea' level. Surprisingly, the mechanisms of action of VPA in the treatment of many of these disorders remain unclear, although it has been shown to alter a wide variety of signalling pathways and a small number of direct targets. To analyse the mechanism of action of VPA, a number of studies have defined the structural characteristics of VPA-related compounds giving rise to distinct therapeutic and cellular effects, including adverse effects such as teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity. These studies raise the possibility of identifying target-specific novel compounds, providing better therapeutic action or reduced side effects. This short review will describe potential therapeutic pathways targeted by VPA, and highlight studies showing structural constraints necessary for these effects. © The Authors Journal compilation © 2009 Biochemical Society. ER  - 
Neurological adverse effects caused by cytotoxic and targeted therapies$$$ Historically, body tissues with a high rate of cell turnover, such as the bone marrow, have been most susceptible to chemotherapy-induced damage. The widespread use of hematopoietic colony-stimulating factors, as well as the development of new agents, has led to improved outcomes in many types of cancer. As a consequence, neurotoxicity has become increasingly important as a cause of dose-limiting chemotherapy toxicity. An understanding of the neurologic complications of these new agents is crucial in order to prevent irreversible neurologic injury. Moreover, chemotherapy complications that require discontinuation of a potentially effective drug need to be distinguished from other causes of neurotoxicity including the tumor itself, paraneoplasia, radiation and surgery, which may require a different therapeutic strategy. We review the prevalence, prevention, and management of important and unusual neurotoxicities related to chemotherapy and targeted agents approved by the FDA since January 1999. These agents include DNA-damaging agents such as oxaliplatin and temozolomide, microtubule poisons like ixabepilone, proteasome inhibitors (bortezomib), and signal transduction inhibitors such as imatinib, sunitinib and bevacizumab. ER  - 
Controversial effects of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on bone: A review$$$ Bone turnover is much important in normal homeostasis of body skeleton. Medications, nutritional status, and systemic illnesses may affect bone metabolism by altering biochemical mediators. Prostaglandins, especially of E and F series are much important in bone physiology by affecting osteoclastic activity and osteoblastic differentiation. In bone fracture, production of prostaglandins affects fracture healing. There is the possibility that non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) affect bone health by inhibiting cyclooxygenase (COX) enzymes which reduce synthesis of prostaglandins. The aim of this paper is to review the effects of NSAIDs on bone by evaluating both animal and human studies. Using key words such as bone, bone marker, bone mineral density, NSAIDs, COX inhibitor, bone metabolism and search engines like Web of sciences, Scopus, Pubmed, and Google scholar, all relevant studies were collected. Although NSAIDs showed anti-resorptive properties in animal studies and some few human studies, to date no conclusive result has been observed in bone formation. Some limited studies reported higher bone mineral density in daily users of NSAIDs. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drug monotherapy: The initial approach in epilepsy management$$$ Antiepileptic drug (AED) monotherapy is the preferred initial management approach in epilepsy care, since most patients may be successfully managed with the first or second monotherapy utilized. This article reviews the rationale and evidence supporting preferential use of monotherapy when possible and guidelines for initiating and successfully employing AED monotherapy. Suggested approaches to consider when patients fail monotherapy include substituting a new AED monotherapy, initiating chronic maintenance AED polytherapy, or pursuit of non-pharmacologic treatments such as epilepsy surgery or vagus nerve stimulation. Reducing AED polytherapy to monotherapy frequently reduces the burden of adverse effects and may also improve seizure control. AED monotherapy remains the optimal approach for managing most patients with epilepsy. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Treating diabetes and prediabetes by focusing on obesity management$$$ Obesity is associated with an increased risk of developing insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In obesity, the adipose cell releases non-esterified free fatty acids, hormones, adipocytokines, and other substances that are involved in insulin resistance. Under normal conditions, the pancreatic islet β cells increase production of insulin sufficiently to maintain normal blood glucose concentrations despite insulin resistance. However, in genetically predisposed patients, the β cells eventually become dysfunctional and T2DM develops. The development of T2DM can be delayed or sometimes prevented in individuals with obesity who are able to lose weight. Weight loss can be achieved medically with behavioral therapies that combine diet and exercise treatment or with behavioral therapies combined with weight-loss medications or weight-loss surgery. In this article, we summarize the evidence of obesity management in treating T2DM and prediabetes. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
What are the risks and the benefits of current and emerging weight-loss medications?$$$ Obesity is epidemic; new medications and therapeutic options are urgently needed to reduce the associated health care burden. The initial clinical strategy for weight loss is lifestyle modification involving a combination of diet, exercise, and behavior change. However, it is difficult for many to achieve and maintain weight loss solely through this approach. Only two drugs, orlistat and sibutramine, have been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to treat obesity long term, and both medications have undesirable side effects, leaving an enormous unmet need for efficacious and safe therapy for obesity. Other medications with weight-loss effects have been approved by the FDA for short-term treatment of obesity or for disorders other than obesity, but these also have potential adverse effects. This article discusses the perceived benefits and risks of these approved medications along with emerging drugs that have shown weight-loss effects. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Interactions between herbal medicines and prescribed drugs: An updated systematic review$$$ The concomitant use of herbal medicines and pharmacotherapy is wide spread. We have reviewed the literature to determine the possible interactions between seven popular herbal medicines (ginkgo, St Johns wort, ginseng, garlic, echinacea, saw palmetto and kava) and conventional drugs. Literature searches were performed using MEDLINE, Cochrane Library and EMBASE and we identified 128 case reports or case series, and 80 clinical trials.Clinical trials indicate that St Johns wort (Hypericum perforatum), via cytochrome P450 (CYP) andor P-glycoprotein induction, reduces the plasma concentrations (andor increases the clearance) of alprazolam, amitriptyline, atorvastatin, chlorzoxazone, ciclosporin, debrisoquine, digoxin, erythromycin, fexofenadine, gliclazide, imatinib, indinavir, irinotecan, ivabradine, mephenytoin, methadone, midazolam, nifedipine, omeprazole, oral contraceptives, quazepam, simvastatin, tacrolimus, talinolol, verapamil, voriconazole and warfarin. Case reports or case series suggest interactions of St Johns wort with adrenergic vasopressors, anaesthetics, bupropion, buspirone, ciclosporin, eletriptan, loperamide, nefazodone, nevirapine, oral contraceptives, paroxetine, phenprocoumon, prednisone, sertraline, tacrolimus, theophylline, tibolone, tryptophan, venlafaxine and warfarin. Ginkgo (Ginkgo biloba) decreases the plasma concentrations of omeprazole, ritonavir and tolbutamide. Clinical cases indicate interactions of ginkgo with antiepileptics, aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid), diuretics, ibuprofen, risperidone, rofecoxib, trazodone and warfarin. Ginseng (Panax ginseng) may interact with phenelzine and warfarin. Kava (Piper methysticum) increases the clearance of chlorzoxazone (a CYP2E1 substrate) and may interact with alprazolam, levodopa and paroxetine. Garlic (Allium sativum) interacts with chlorpropamide, fluindione, ritonavir and warfarin; it also reduces plasma concentrations of chlorzoxazone (a CYP2E1 probe). Echinacea might affect the clearance of caffeine (a CYP1A2 probe) and midazolam (a CYP3A4 probe). No interactions have been reported for saw palmetto (Serenoa repens).Numerous interactions between herbal medicines and conventional drugs have been documented. While the significance of many interactions is uncertain, several interactions, particularly those with St Johns wort, may have serious clinical consequences. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. ER  - 
New approaches to paediatric epilepsy$$$ Clinical and basic research in paediatric epilepsy continues to have a direct impact on the diagnosis and treatment of children with seizures. In recent years, advances in molecular biology are beginning to unravel the molecular processes underlying childhood epilepsy, and there is increased understanding of the role of ion channels (and their interacting proteins) in the pathophysiology of epilepsy. Clinical trials and Cochrane reviews of diagnosis, treatment and outcome have also contributed to the management of paediatric epilepsy. This symposium provided an excellent forum for the presentation of such advances in the molecular pathogenesis, diagnosis and management of childhood epilepsies and related co-morbidities. Lectures were interspersed with interactive case presentations that illustrated contemporary approaches to paediatric epilepsy and allowed current controversies in this field to be debated. © 2009 Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh. ER  - 
Symptoms and Quality of Life in Cancer Patients With Brain Metastases Following Palliative Radiotherapy$$$ Purpose: To examine prospectively patient self-rated symptoms and quality of life (QOL) indicators in patients with brain metastases following whole brain radiotherapy (WBRT). Methods and Materials: Consecutive patients with brain metastases referred for WBRT were approached for this study. Patients were asked to rate their symptoms and QOL using the Spitzer Quality of Life Index questionnaire. Follow-up was at 1, 2, and 3 months following WBRT. Linear regression analysis was used to determine the change in symptom severity over time. Results: Between August 2005 to October 2007, 129 patients with brain metastases were enrolled. The majority of patients (88%) received 20 Gy in five fractions. Median age was 64 years, and median Karnofsky Performance Status at baseline was 70. The most commonly experienced symptoms at baseline were headaches, weakness, balance problems, and fatigue. Thirty-five percent of patients rated neurological functional (NF) status as 1, indicating moderate neurological symptoms and need for assistance. Forty-three percent of patients had stable or decreased fatigue, and 47% had a stable or improved NF status over time (p = 0.0040). Although certain QOL domains improved over time, all other QOL domains and symptom items did not change significantly following WBRT. Conclusion: WBRT may have contributed to symptom stabilization in our study. An alternative goal of WBRT may be the prevention of symptom progression and QOL deterioration. Further research is required to select the most appropriate group of patients with brain metastases who would benefit most from WBRT. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antivirals for cytomegalovirus infection in neonates and infants: Focus on pharmacokinetics, formulations, dosing, and adverse events$$$ Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection is very common throughout the world, and has become more of a pediatric clinical concern given the high incidence of congenital CMV infections as well as the increasing numbers of immunocompromised patients. Because of this, the need for antiviral therapies in infants and neonates is growing.Currently, there are four antivirals available that are active against CMV: ganciclovir, valganciclovir, foscarnet, and cidofovir. At this time, none have approved indications for use in children. Although there are limited data regarding the dose, pharmacokinetics (PK), safety, and adverse events for some of these antivirals, ganciclovir, and its oral prodrug valganciclovir, have been the best studied in the infant and neonate populations. In general, pharmaceutical PK studies in young children are limited by the constraints of sampling difficulties and blood volume requirements; fewer sampling times and studies may be available for drug evaluation. Given this caveat, ganciclovir and valganciclovir PK in children thus far appears to follow a monocompartmental model, contrary to what has been described in adults. However, when normalized for weight, the volume of distribution, clearance, and half-life of ganciclovir are similar to those found in adults. Given the findings that ganciclovir (and thus valganciclovir) clearance is directly proportionate to renal function, care must be taken when administering the drug to patients with impaired renal function. Recent studies evaluating valganciclovir PK in infants (at a dose of 16 mg/kg every 12 hours) have shown similar areas under the plasma concentration-time curve (AUCs) to intravenous ganciclovir (at a dose of 6 mg/kg every 12 hours), and that these AUCs remain quite stable over a number of weeks. As seen in adults, oral ganciclovir has a low bioavailability (4.8% in a pediatric analysis) and is therefore a poor alternative for treating serious CMV infections.Neutropenia is the most frequent toxicity associated with ganciclovir and valganciclovir therapy, whereas significant (and possibly irreversible) renal toxicity can be seen with cidofovir. Foscarnet administration can also result in renal toxicity as well as significant electrolyte imbalances. Several of these drugs have potential toxicities that are of concern, including carcinogenesis, teratogenesis, and azospermia (ganciclovir, valganciclovir, and cidofovir) and deposition into bone or dentition (foscarnet) that may have significant implications when treating an infant. Given these potential ill effects, careful consideration of the indications for the clinical use of these antivirals is necessary before using them for CMV infection in neonates and infants. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adenosine, ketogenic diet and epilepsy: The emerging therapeutic relationship between metabolism and brain activity$$$ For many years the neuromodulator adenosine has been recognized as an endogenous anticonvulsant molecule and termed a "retaliatory metabolite." As the core molecule of ATP, adenosine forms a unique link between cell energy and neuronal excitability. In parallel, a ketogenic (high-fat, low-carbohydrate) diet is a metabolic therapy that influences neuronal activity significantly, and ketogenic diets have been used successfully to treat medically-refractory epilepsy, particularly in children, for decades. To date the key neural mechanisms underlying the success of dietary therapy are unclear, hindering development of analogous pharmacological solutions. Similarly, adenosine receptor-based therapies for epilepsy and myriad other disorders remain elusive. In this review we explore the physiological regulation of adenosine as an anticonvulsant strategy and suggest a critical role for adenosine in the success of ketogenic diet therapy for epilepsy. While the current focus is on the regulation of adenosine, ketogenic metabolism and epilepsy, the therapeutic implications extend to acute and chronic neurological disorders as diverse as brain injury, inflammatory and neuropathic pain, autism and hyperdopaminergic disorders. Emerging evidence for broad clinical relevance of the metabolic regulation of adenosine will be discussed. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Managing bipolar disorders in children and adolescents$$$ Bipolar disorders are recurrent disturbances in mood that include periods both of depression and mania. Classic bipolar disorders, with manic episodes lasting for at least several days, often start in adolescence, but are uncommon in earlier childhood. Treatment of mania in young patients should include ensuring the individual's safety, and administration of a mood-stabilizing drug, or, in severe cases, a neuroleptic. Prophylaxis with lithium or an anticonvulsant should then be considered. In younger children, brief outbursts of excessive emotion - especially anger - should be recognized as a notable clinical problem. These outbursts do not necessarily constitute the beginnings of a classic bipolar disorder, but should trigger a diagnostic differential that also includes attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, reaction to hostile environments, severe mood dysregulation, substance misuse, and autism spectrum disorders. ER  - 
Haloperidol plus promethazine for psychosis-induced aggression$$$ Background: Health services often manage agitated or violent people, and for emergency psychiatric services such behaviour is particularly prevalent (10%). The drugs used in this situation should ensure that the person swiftly and safely regains composure. Objectives: To examine whether haloperidol plus promethazine is an effective treatment for psychosis induced agitation/aggression. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (January 2008). Selection criteria: We included all randomised clinical trials involving aggressive people with psychosis for which haloperidol plus promethazine was being used. Data collection and analysis: We reliably selected, quality assessed and extracted data fromall relevant studies. For binary outcomes we calculated standard estimations of risk ratio (RR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI). Where possible we estimated weighted number needed to treat or harm (NNT/H). Main results: We identified four relevant high quality studies. One compared the haloperidol plus promethazine mix with midazolam (n=301), one with lorazepam (n=200), one with haloperidol alone (n=316) and one with olanzapine IM (n=300). In Brazil, haloperidol plus promethazine was an effective means of tranquillisation with over two thirds of people being tranquil or sedated by 30 minutes, but midazolam was more swift (n=301, RR 2.9 CI 1.75 to 4.80, NNH 5 CI 3 to 12). In India, compared with lorazepam, more people were tranquil or sedated by 30 minutes if allocated to the combination treatment (n=200, RR 0.26 CI 0.10 to 0.68, NNT 8 CI 6 to 17). Over the next few hours of treatment reported differences are negligible. One person given midazolam had respiratory depression (0.7%, reversed by flumazenil); one given lorazepam (1%) had respiratory difficulty. About 1% of people given any haloperidol treatment experienced a seizure. By 20minutes intramuscular haloperidol plus promethazinewasmore tranquillising than intramuscular haloperidol (1 RCT, n=316, RR 0.65 CI 0.49 to 0.87, NNT 7 CI 5 to 17). Haloperidol given without promethazine in this situation causes frequent serious adverse effects (NNH 15 CI 14 to 40). Olanzapine is as rapidly tranquillising as the haloperidol/promethazine combination (1 RCT, n=300, RR tranquil or asleep at 15 mins 0.74 CI 0.38 to 1.41), but did not have an enduring effect and more people needed additional drugs within four hours (1 RCT, n=300, RR 0.48 CI 0.33 to 0.69, NNT 5 CI 4 to 8) and to be re-assessed by the doctor (1 RCT, n=300, RR 0.47 CI 0.30 to 0.73, NNT 6 CI 5 to 12). Authors' conclusions: All treatments evaluated within the included studies are effective. Benzodiazepines, however, have the potential to cause respiratory depression, probably midazolam more so than lorazepam, and use of this group of drugs outside of services fully confident of observing for and managing the consequences of respiratory distress is difficult to justify. Haloperidol used on its own is at such risk of generating preventable adverse effects that unless it is the only choice, this evidence directs that this sole treatment should be avoided. Olanzapine IM is valuable when compared with haloperidol plus promethazine but its duration of action is short and re-injection is frequently needed. Haloperidol plus promethazine used in two diverse situations in Brazil and India has much evidence to support its swift and safe clinically valuable effects. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Depression and Epilepsy: A Review of Multiple Facets of Their Close Relation$$$ Depressive disorders are the most frequent psychiatric comorbidity in patients with epilepsy (PWE). Although they are typically considered a psychiatric disorder, ample data suggest that depressive disorders are a neurologic disorder with psychiatric clinical manifestations. Patients with epilepsy whose seizures originate in temporal and frontal lobes have the highest prevalence of comorbid depressive disorders. Not only are patients with epilepsy at higher risk of developing depression but also patients with depression are at higher risk of developing epilepsy. This article reviews these data, the clinical manifestations of depressive disorders in PWE, and their significant impact on the suicidal risk and quality of life. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Hormonal Aspects of Epilepsy$$$ The interactions between hormones, epilepsy, and the medications used to treat epilepsy are complex, with tri-directional interactions which affect both men and women in various ways. Abnormalities of baseline endocrine status occur more commonly in people with epilepsy, and are most often described for the sex steroid hormone axis. Common symptoms include sexual dysfunction, decreased fertility, premature menopause, and polycystic ovarian syndrome. Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and hormones have a bidirectional interaction, with a decrease in the efficacy of hormonal contraceptive agents with some AEDs and a decrease in the concentration and efficacy of other AEDs with hormonal contraceptives. Endogenous hormones can influence seizure severity and frequency, resulting in catamenial patterns of epilepsy. However, this knowledge can be used to develop hormonal strategies to improve seizure control in people with epilepsy. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Recent advances in nanoneurology for drug delivery to the brain$$$ The drug development for neurodegenerative disorders are the major challenge to the science in 21st century. Many FDA approved drugs currently available in the market have limitations in crossing the blood brain barrier (BBB) owing to its complicated vasculature posed by the presence of specialized cells. Nanotechnology is an emerging interdisciplinary area, which have many applications including drug delivery. Nanocarrier drug delivery involves targeting drugs enclosed in a particular polymer and/or amphiphilic lipids. Controlled release, nanoplatform availability for combinatorial therapy and tissue specific targeting by using advanced technologies such as molecular Trojan horse (MTH) technology are the promises of nanotechnology. Different problems are associated with drug delivery across the BBB. Some are mostly related to the structure of brain microvasculature system while the others are related to the nanomaterial structure. Different strategies, such as using polymeric/solid lipid nanoparticles and surface modification of nanomaterial with surfactants like polysorbates have been conducted to solve these limitations. Also, nanodrug formulations with double coatings have been designed for oral delivery of drugs to overcome reticulo-endothelial system and to improve their BBB permeability. It seems that the best choice of strategy and material could be achieved with regard to the physical and chemical structure of the drugs. The present review discusses the potential applications of nanotechnology for drug delivery across the BBB. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Psychopharmacological issues in the treatment of TBI and PTSD$$$ Recognition of the frequency of the co-occurrence of traumatic brain injury (TBI) and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a relatively recent development in both fields. As a result there has been little work on effective treatment strategies for those with both conditions. In fact studies of PTSD treatment often exclude those with a history of TBI, and studies of the treatment of TBI sequelae have often excluded participants with psychiatric disorders such as PTSD. Thus although evidence-based approaches for the treatment of PTSD and for the sequelae TBI are emerging, little is known about the use of psychotropic medications to treat individuals with co-morbid TBI/PTSD. The growing cohort of military personnel with high rates of exposure to TBI and concurrent PTSD calls attention to the need for improved treatment strategies, and for clarification of whether medications currently used to treat PTSD or the sequelae of TBI are effective in the co-morbid condition. In the absence of informative treatment studies, clinicians are faced with uncertainty about whether to use conventional approaches, alter these approaches in some way, or to shy away from these interventions for fear of exacerbating symptoms of the other condition. This situation is further complicated by the fact that many clinicians tend to be more familiar with medication approaches in one disorder or the other. This paper reviews the use of medications for the treatment of PTSD, the neuropsychiatric sequelae of TBI, and the co-morbid condition. General principles are suggested and particular attention is directed to situations where the use of medication for one condition might exacerbate symptoms of the other disorder. Directions for future research are suggested. © 2009 Psychology Press, an imprint of the Taylor & Francis group, an Informa business. ER  - 
Pre-existing Health Conditions and Repeat Traumatic Brain Injury$$$ Saunders LL, Selassie AW, Hill EG, Horner MD, Nicholas JS, Lackland DT, Corrigan JD. Pre-existing health conditions and repeat traumatic brain injury. Objective: To assess and compare the effect of Pre-existing epilepsy/seizure disorder and drug/alcohol problem on the hazard of repeat traumatic brain injury (TBI) in persons with TBI who participated in a follow-up study. Design: Retrospective cohort. Setting: Acute care hospitals in South Carolina. Participants: Participants were from the South Carolina Traumatic Brain Injury Follow-up Registry cohort of persons (N=2118) who were discharged from an acute care hospital in South Carolina and who participated in a year-1 follow-up interview. Interventions: Not applicable. Main Outcome Measures: Repeat TBI was defined by 2 isolated events of TBI in the same person at least 72 hours apart and recorded in hospital discharge or emergency department records from 1999 through 2005. Results: A Cox proportional hazards model was used to assess the associations of Pre-existing epilepsy/seizure disorder and drug/alcohol problem with time to repeat TBI, controlling for other confounding factors. There were 2099 persons with information on both Pre-existing conditions. There were 147 (7%) persons who sustained repeat TBI after recruitment to the follow-up study, and 82 (3.9%) had a previous TBI before recruitment for which they were seen in the hospital discharge or emergency department since 1996. The hazard of repeat TBI for persons with Pre-existing epilepsy/seizure disorder was 2.3 times the hazard for those without (hazard ratio, 2.3; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-4.4; P=.011). Pre-existing drug/alcohol problem was not associated with repeat TBI. Other variables significantly associated with repeat TBI were having a prior TBI, being insured under Medicaid, and having no insurance. Conclusions: Pre-existing epilepsy/seizure disorder predisposes to repeat TBI. Appropriate management of seizure control may be an important strategy to allay the occurrence of repeat TBI. © 2009 American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine. ER  - 
Novel therapies for schizophrenia: Understanding the glutamatergic synapse and potential targets for altering N-methyl-D-aspartate neurotransmission$$$ For over fifteen years, N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) mediated glutamatergic neurotransmission has generated interest because of its putative role in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia. Thus far, all antipsychotic medications have centered on manipulating the dopamine receptor to treat psychosis. These medications have limited efficacy, especially in treating the cognitive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia, and serious side effects. The NMDAR now provides an entirely new array of targets around which to focus new drug development. This paper first examines components of the glutamatergic synapse and discusses the relationship between decreased NMDAR function and schizophrenia. Then, human trials that have been conducted with agents that enhance NMDAR function, whether by molecules that activate the glycine co-agonist site (GCS), or by positive allosteric modulators (PAMs) that act on non-NMDAR are reviewed. In examining patents granted in the United States for treatment of schizophrenia based on normalizing glutamatergic neurotransmission, it seems academic researchers have focused primarily on GCS agents, and pharmaceutical industries have concentrated on synthesizing PAMs. The 21 st century holds promise as the era in which an entirely new type of medication for schizophrenia may be created, one with more success at treating the debilitating negative and cognitive symptoms of this disease. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Anesthetic considerations for electroconvulsive therapy-especially hemodynamic and respiratory management$$$ Recent guidelines have stated that anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) should be administered by specially trained anesthesiologists. Physicians who perform ECT should have sufficient knowledge about hemodynamics as well as the physiological and pharmacologically unique effects of ECT. Electrical currents during ECT stimulate the autonomic nervous system and provoke unique hemodynamic changes in the systemic and cerebral circulation. Excessive alterations in heart rate, blood pressure, and cardiac functions should be prevented by medications with anticholinergic and antihypertensive effects. Ventilation should be adequately maintained to ensure efficacy of the therapy and to stabilize hemodynamics immediately after the electrical stimulation. Although reports of serious complications with this therapy are not frequent, patients with ischemic heart disease or cerebrovascular disease must be managed with special care to prevent myocardial infarction or neurological disorders. Appropriate physical management by physicians greatly contributes to the safe establishment of ECT under muscle relaxation. To maintain social confidence in this procedure and to further refine this therapy, physicians should play an essential role in both the clinical activities and laboratory research of ECT. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Lacosamide: An adjunctive agent for partial-onset seizures and potential therapy for neuropathic pain$$$ OBJECTIVE: To review the pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, efficacy, and safety of lacosamide, a new agent for use as adjunctive treatment in partial-onset seizures and a potential agent for treatment of neuropathic pain. DATA SOURCES: A MEDLINE search (1966-July 2009) was conducted using the key words lacosamide, harkoseride, SPM-927, ADD-234037, epilepsy, anticonvulsant, and neuropathic pain. Bibliographies of all articles retrieved were also reviewed. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: All studies including humans and published in English with data describing lacosamide for the adjunctive treatment of partial-onset seizures and for treatment of neuropathic pain were reviewed. DATA SYNTHESIS: Lacosamide is a functionalized amino acid molecule that selectively enhances the slow inactivation of voltage-gated sodium channels and interacts with the collapsin-response mediator protein-2. With its bioavailability of approximately 100%, minimal protein binding, and few drug - drug interactions, lacosamide has a favorable pharmacokinetic profile. Recent data suggest that lacosamide may have a role as adjunctive treatment of partial-onset seizures. Open-label studies showed a 14-47% reduction in seizure frequency, while placebo-controlled trials demonstrated a 26-40% reduction in seizure frequency. The 50% responder rates ranged from 32.7% to 41.2% with varying doses of lacosamide. Although lacosamide use is not approved by the Food and Drug Administration for treatment of neuropathic pain, studies demonstrated reductions of 2.01-3.60 in pain scale scores. The most common adverse effects, occurring in greater than 10% of subjects in the clinical trials, include arthralgia, ataxia, blurred vision, diplopia, dizziness, fatigue, headache, injection site pain (only in intravenous studies), nausea, tremor, upper respiratory tract infection, and vomiting. CONCLUSIONS: Lacosamide is an effective agent for adjunctive treatment of refractory partial-onset seizures. Its exact role in the treatment of neuropathic pain needs to be determined. ER  - 
Current status of complementary and alternative medicine in the treatment of rheumatic disease pain$$$ Rheumatic disease pain is an important health concern that causes significant distress and functional impairment to many patients. While standard pharmacological treatments with analgesics, antidepressants, and anticonvulsants can provide substantial relief, an increasing proportion of patients are seeking an integrated approach to pain management involving both pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments. Complementary and alternative medical (CAM) techniques, such as thermotherapy, cryotherapy, acupuncture, massage, and spinal manipulation, are commonly employed by patients with rheumatic disease pain. We review the evidence supporting the use of CAM in the treatment of rheumatic disease pain and address the major challenges hindering further proliferation of these techniques. Our analysis supports further investment into basic research and clinical studies on the mechanisms of action and clinical effectiveness of CAM. We also propose steps to incorporate CAM into the evidence-based framework of conventional medicine. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Randomised controlled trial of the use of three dressing preparations in the management of chronic ulceration of the foot in diabetes$$$ Objectives: To determine the comparative effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of three dressing products, N-A®, Inadine® and Aquacel®, for patients with diabetic foot ulcers, as well as the feasibility and consequences of less frequent dressing changes by health-care professionals. Design: A multicentre, prospective, observer-blinded, parallel group, randomised controlled trial, with three arms. Setting: Established expert multidisciplinary clinics for the management of diabetic foot ulcers across the UK. Participants: Patients over age 18 with type 1 or type 2 diabetes with a chronic (present for at least 6 weeks) full-thickness foot ulcer (on or below the malleoli) not penetrating to tendon, periosteum or bone, and with a cross-sectional area between 25 and 2500 mm2. Interventions: Participants were randomised 1:1:1 to treatment with one of N-A (a non-adherent, knitted, viscose filament gauze), Inadine (an iodine-impregnated dressing), both traditional dressings, or Aquacel, a newer product. Main outcome measures: The primary outcome measure was the number of ulcers healed in each group at week 24. Secondary measures included time to healing, new ulcerations, major and minor amputations, and episodes of secondary infection. Results: A total of 317 patients were randomised. After 88 withdrawals, 229 remained evaluable. A greater proportion of smaller (25-100 mm2 ulcers healed within the specified time (48.3% versus 37.3%; p = 0.048). There was, however, no difference between the three dressings in terms of percentage healed by 24 weeks, or in the mean time to healing, whether analysed on the basis of intention to treat (Inadine 44.4%, N-A 38.7%, Aquacel 44.7%; not significant) or per protocol (Inadine 55.2%, N-A 59.4%, Aquacel 63.0%; not significant). There was no difference in the quality of healing, as reflected in the incidence of recurrence within 12 weeks. Likewise, there was no difference in the incidence of adverse events, although a greater proportion of those randomised to the non-adherent dressings were withdrawn from the study (34.9% versus 29.1% Aquacel and 19.4% Inadine; p = 0.038). The only statistically significant difference found in the health economic analysis was the cost associated with the provision of dressings (mean cost per patient: N-A £14.85, Inadine £17.48, Aquacel £43.60). The higher cost of Aquacel was not offset by the fewer dressings required. There was no difference in measures of either generic or condition-specific measures of quality of life. However, there was a significant difference in the change in pain associated with dressing changes between the first and second visits, with least pain reported by those receiving non-adherent dressings (p = 0.012). There was no difference in the costs of professional time, and this may relate to the number of dressing changes undertaken by non-professionals. Fifty-one per cent of all participants had at least one dressing change undertaken by themselves or a non-professional carer, although this ranged from 22% to 82% between the different centres. Conclusions: As there was no difference in effectiveness, there is no reason why the least costly of the three dressings could not be used more widely across the UK National Health Service, thus generating potentially substantial savings. The option of involving patients and non-professional carers in changing dressings needs to be assessed more formally and could be associated with further significant reductions in health-care costs. Trial registration: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN78366977. © 2009 Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Certolizumab pegol for the treatment of Crohns disease$$$ Certolizumab pegol is a polyethylene glycolated FAb fragment of a humanized anti-TNF-α monoclonal antibody. This pegylated molecule binds with circulating TNF-α and forms an inactive complex that is then eliminated from the body. The drug has been shown to be better than placebo in the treatment of Crohns disease and maintaining a clinical response in adult patients with moderate-to-severe active disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy, and the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Comparative trials with an active control group are lacking. The most common adverse reactions include abdominal pain, diarrhea, injection site reactions and infection. All necessary live and attenuated vaccines should be given prior to the initiation of certolizumab pegol therapy, patients should be evaluated for TB risk factors and tested for latent TB prior to initiating therapy, and the initiation of therapy should be avoided if the patient has an active infection. Concomitant use with anakinra is not recommended because of the increased risk of serious infections and neutropenia. Therapy should be discontinued if the patient develops a serious infection during therapy. © 2009 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Corticotropin-releasing hormone receptor antagonists: An update$$$ The corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) family, CRH, CRH-related peptides and their receptors (R) play major roles in coordinating the behavioral, endocrine, autonomic, and immune responses to stress. The wide influence of the CRH system on physiologic processes in both brain and periphery implicates the respective peptides in the pathophysiology of numerous disorders characterized by dysregulated stress responses. CRH peptides and their receptors are being explored as therapeutic targets for intervention in stress-related disorders. Selective antagonists have been used experimentally to elucidate the role of CRH-related peptides in disease processes, such as anxiety and depression, sleep disorders, addictive disorders, inflammatory disorders, acute and chronic neurodegeneration and preterm labor. The development of effective antagonists with no significant side effects remains a challenge. © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Contraindications to Phenytoin in Emergency Department Patients with Seizures$$$ The objective of this study was to determine what contraindications to phenytoin exist in Emergency Department (ED) patients with a medical history of seizures. We conducted a retrospective chart review using ED medical records from 2005 at two network health care EDs. We identified potential patients through ICD-9 (International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision) codes, selected only adult patients with a prior documented history of seizures, and reviewed these charts. From 201 charts reviewed, the three most common antiepileptic drugs taken by patients were: phenytoin (38%), levetiracetam (17%), and valproic acid (15%). For absolute contraindications to phenytoin, 4.5% of seizure patients had a known hypersensitivity to phenytoin and 1.5% were pregnant; however, no pregnant patients were taking phenytoin and only 1 person with hypersensitivity to phenytoin was taking phenytoin. For relative contraindications, 6% of seizure patients had liver disease, 8% had kidney disease, 9% had alcohol use/dependence, and 16% had diabetes. However, 55% of those with liver disease, 44% with kidney disease, 77% with alcohol use/dependence, and 53% with diabetes were currently taking phenytoin. Very few seizure patients in the ED have absolute contraindications to the use of phenytoin, and most with absolute contraindications are taking other antiepileptic drugs. Conversely, a greater proportion of seizure patients have relative contraindications and many are continuing to use phenytoin. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Low frequency (1-Hz), right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) compared with venlafaxine ER in the treatment of resistant depression: A double-blind, single-centre, randomized study$$$ Background: Previous studies have shown effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of depression. This double-blind study compared efficacy of l Hz rTMS over the right prefrontal dorsolateral cortex with venlafaxine ER in the treatment of resistant depression. Methods: A total of 60 inpatients with depressive disorder (DSM-IV criteria), who previously did not respond to at least one antidepressant treatment, were randomly assigned to 1 Hz rTMS with placebo and venlafaxine ER with sham rTMS for 4 weeks. The primary outcome measure was score change in the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). We also used Clinical Global Impression (CGI) and Beck Depressive. Inventory-Short Form (BDI-SF). The response was defined as a ≥ 50% reduction of MADRS score. Results: There were no significant differences between treatment groups in MADRS (p = 0.38), BDI-SF (p = 0.56) and CGI (p = 0.17) scores from baseline to endpoint. Response rates for rTMS (33%) and venlafaxine (39%) as well as remission (MADRS score ≤ 10 points) rates (19% vs. 23%) and drop-out rate did not differ between treatment groups. There were significant reductions of MADRS, CGI and BDI-SF scores in both groups. Limitations: Small sample size. No placebo arm was included for ethical reasons, because both treatments have previously been reported to be more effective than placebo. Relatively short duration of antidepressant treatment. Conclusion: The findings of this study suggest that, at least in the acute treatment, the right sided rTMS produces clinically relevant reduction of depressive symptomatology in patients with resistant depression comparable to venlafaxine ER. Larger sample sizes are required to confirm these results. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Efficacy of EMDR in children: A meta-analysis$$$ The efficacy of eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR) in children with post-traumatic stress symptoms was meta-analytically examined from the perspective of incremental efficacy. Overall post-treatment effect size for EMDR was medium and significant (d = .56). Results indicate efficacy of EMDR when effect sizes are based on comparisons between the EMDR and the non-established trauma treatment or the no-treatment control groups, and the incremental efficacy when effect sizes are based on comparisons between the EMDR and the established (CBT) trauma treatment. The discussion focuses on the future replication of EMDR findings and further research on post-traumatic stress in children. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Six months of postmarketing experience with adjunctive lacosamide in patients with pharmacoresistant focal epilepsy at a tertiary epilepsy center in Germany$$$ We report our 6 months of experience with adjunctive lacosamide in 25 patients with pharmacoresistant focal epilepsy. Baseline characteristics of our patients were similar to those of the populations in the three clinical trials that evaluated lacosamide for refractory focal epilepsy. One patient experienced sustained seizure freedom for 5 months; two more patients had nonsustained periods of seizure freedom of 1 and 4 months. A total of eight patients (32%) reported a greater than 50% reduction in seizure frequency. Thirteen patients (52%) reported side effects during the titration, mostly dizziness, fatigue, nausea, and gait instability. In five patients (20%), these disappeared during the maintenance phase and/or with dose reduction. Two patients lost more than 10% of their body weight. Otherwise, in terms of efficacy and adverse effects, our data mirror the profile of lacosamide described in the three clinical trials. Substantial weight loss may occur in individual patients. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical efficacy and cognitive and neuropsychological effects of levetiracetam in epilepsy: An open-label multicenter study$$$ The aim of this prospective, multicenter, open-label study was to investigate the efficacy of levetiracetam (LEV) and determine its effects on cognitive and neuropsychological function. Sixty-nine patients were evaluated for effects of LEV on seizure control, cognitive (Mini-Mental State Examination [MMSE]) and neuropsychological (Symptom Checklist-90 Revised [SCL-90-R]) functions, and quality of life (Quality of Life in Epilepsy-10 [QOLIE-10]) assessments at 3 and 12 months of follow-up. Thirty-nine percent of patients achieved seizure freedom, and 68% had a ≥50% seizure frequency reduction after 1 year of LEV (1235.5 ± 392.7 mg/day). There were also significant improvements in mean MMSE score and in the recall and language items of MMSE. There were modest improvements in interpersonal sensitivity and paranoid ideation scales of the SCL-90-R, and improvements in cognition and medication effect items of the QOLIE-10. The results demonstrate that LEV not only effectively reduces seizure frequency, but also possibly contributes to improvements in neuropsychological functions such as recall, language, interpersonal sensitivity, and paranoid ideation. © 2009. ER  - 
Clinical electroencephalography in dementia of Alzheimer's type revisited: EEG findings in a large well-characterized cohort of patients with DAT and no history of seizures$$$ Rationale: Alzheimer's disease (DAT) is by far the most common etiology of incapacitating dementia in middle and late life. Clinical EEG is a non-invasive procedure, which is generally well tolerated, even by patients with cognitive impairment. EEGs are often carried out as part of the clinical assessment of patients with dementia. This study sought to characterize the clinical EEG findings in a carefully selected cohort of patients with DAT and no known history of seizures. Methods: Screening EEGs were performed prospectively in patients with mild to moderate DAT as part of their enrollment in a multicenter phase II clinical trial. Patients were 55 years or older with mild to moderate cognitive impairment (MMSE 12 to 24, and ADAS-Cog 14 to 42) who fulfilled DSM-IV criteria for DAT and NINCDS-ADRDA criteria for probable DAT. Patients with a known history of epilepsy, stroke, head trauma, cancer or major depression were excluded. Most patients were not on cholinomimetic agents at the time of the baseline EEG (except for 5 who were being tapered off). Results: 60-minute outpatient EEGs were performed in a total of 269 patients and were uniformly, and blindly interpreted by two fellowshiptrained epileptologists at a single epilepsy center. Results were reported according to a consistent classification system employed for all EEGs at our center. Hyperventilation was routinely performed when feasible. Five patients were unable to cooperate with EEG recordings. In the remaining 264 patients the posterior background ranged from 5.5 to 13Hz, median 9Hz (26.8% of patients). EEGs were within normal limits in 48.9%. A slow <8Hz posterior background was seen in 7.2%, and in addition diffusely slow activity was seen in 14.8% of patients. Persistent regional slow activity in the low theta or delta range was predominantly temporal, and seen in 25.4% of patients; of whom approximately one fifth were noted to have occasional sharp transients, with a similar regional temporal distribution, intermixed with the temporal slowing. In addition, lateralized hemispheric slowing was seen in 3.8% of patients. Finally EEGs showed unequivocal epileptiform abnormalities in 10 of the 264 patients (3.8%), which were arising from the temporal lobe(s) in all but one patient with generalized interictal discharges. Conclusions: This study describes the findings of 60-minute outpatient EEG studies - which were performed prospectively, and interpreted in a uniform manner - in a well-characterized large cohort of patients with mild to moderate DAT, and no known history of seizures. The most common finding was a normal EEG for the patient's age. Slowing in the temporal region was the most common abnormality. Clear epileptiform abnormalities were seen in more than 3.5% of patients, higher than the reported rate in non-DAT normal adults. An epileptiform EEG is strongly predictive of future unprovoked seizures based on previous studies in this population. In addition, it may raise the clinical suspicion for subclinical or unrecognized seizures. ER  - 
An estimate of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation placebo effect$$$ Rationale: Low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is emerging as a novel noninvasive therapeutic tool in epilepsy. In recent years, several open label trials have shown an encouraging reduction in seizure frequency in patients with epilepsy. However, the data from controlled trials are mixed with respect to antiepileptic rTMS efficacy, and would benefit from replication in further carefully-controlled trials. Towards this goal, an important experimental design accept is the choice of a suitable control intervention. Sham rTMS is possible with specially designed stimulation coils, but complete blinding of patients is difficult, particularly when multiple sessions of stimulation are applied. To facilitate future controlled rTMS clinical trials, we performed the present metanalysis to estimate the placebo effect of rTMS. Methods: Individual subject outcome data from three published placebo-controlled rTMS trials (Theodore et al., 2002, Fregni et al., 2006 and Cantello et al., 2007) were systematically analyzed to calculate median reduction in seizure frequency. The data were then pooled to estimate an overall median change in seizure frequency at follow-up intervals of 2, 4 and 8 weeks after placebo rTMS treatment. Results: Three mehods for sham rTMS were employed: (1) coil positioning orthogonal to the scalp (Theodore et al., 2002), (2) a springloaded sham coil (Fregni et al., 2006), and (3) a double active-sham coil (Cantello et al., 2007). Although three individual methods for sham rTMS were employed, the placebo response was overall similar across studies (Kruskal-Wallis p>0.2). Overall median change in seizure frequency was 2% at 2 weeks (n=63; 95% CI -4.3 to 19.3) 0% at 4 weeks (n=63; 95% CI -12.5 to 10.4) and 0% at 8 weeks 8 (n=20; 95% CI -30.2 to 13.5). Conclusions: We find a small consistent rTMS placebo effect as indexed by median seizure frequency is identified at 2, 4 and 8 weeks following stimulation. This approximation may be factored into future rTMS study design, particularly when calculation of sample size is required. Our observation that seizure frequency change in similar across distinct placebo rTMS methods suggests that the placebo effect on seizure frequency may not depend on the placebo coil design, but may instead relate to other elements of the rTMS procedure. Interestingly, placebo effects associated with rTMS may be dependent on the condition being studied as a recent meta-analysis showed that placebo rTMS in major depression has a large effect size (Brunoni, Fregni, 2009). ER  - 
Peri-ictal depression in children with temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Rationale: Peri-ictal depression is frequently neglected in children with epilepsy. Postictal depressive episodes (PDE) are described as a transient but disabling depression and, although PDE shares the same symptoms observed in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), the duration of symptomatology in PDE differs from MDD because in general it lasts less than two weeks, the period for the diagnosis according to DSM-IV-TR criteria. This descriptive cross-sectional study aimed to evaluate the presence and characteristics of peri-ictal depressive symptoms (DS) in children and adolescents with TLE. Methods: After consent and assent were obtained, parents were interviewed about their children. Children and adolescents were directly interviewed for a clinical diagnosis and classified according to DSM-IV TR criteria by a child and adolescent psychiatrist. Patients were scheduled for a second interview with KSADS-PL no more than 6 weeks later. During the peri-ictal period, depression was assessed by clinical interview and severity by CDRS-R with parents and patients. Preictal and postictal intervals were respectively defined as the seventy-two hours before and after the seizure. Results: In the preictal period, 11 (44%) patients had behavioral complaints highly suggestive of DS, such as irritability, psychomotor agitation and listlessness. In these patients, it was impossible to obtain a categorical classification of these symptoms. Three (12%) patients had DS only in the postictal period. In the postictal period, these episodes lasted from 48 hours (two patients) to 10 days (one patient). Considering patients who presented DS only in the post-ictal period, there was no difference in DS severity between the postictal and interictal DS groups (p=0.737). Twenty-two (92%) patients had interictal DS, out of which 14 (63.6%) patients had an aggravation in DS severity during the postictal period. Postictal DS required clinical treatment of depressive symptoms and seizure control. Conclusions: In this series, children with TLE presented DS in the postictal period, that was severe enough to determine important function impairment as seen in interictal DS. As to pre-ictal DS, most parents reported vague behavioral complaints, highly suggestive of DS but that could not be characterized as a pre-ictal depressive episode. In our opinion, parents are more alert to their children's behavioral changes after the occurrence of seizures, when they are prone to observe with more care. Further research is needed, especially when considering the close relationship between interictal and peri-ictal DS and suicidal risk associated to postictal DS. ER  - 
Elevated ADHD rates in mothers of children with comorbid ADHD and epilepsy$$$ Rationale: To describe rates of maternal ADHD in children with co-morbid ADHD and epilepsy (ADHD/E) and to compare severity of ADHD symptoms in these mothers with (FAM+) and without (FAM-) additional first or second-degree relative(s) with epilepsy. Methods: Mothers of children enrolled in a randomized controlled trial of extended release methylphenidate in children with ADHD/E were invited to participate in this study. Mothers with epilepsy and/or of probands who have mental retardation or symptomatic epilepsy were excluded. Twenty-two mothers were eligible to participate, of whom sixteen mothers enrolled. These mothers were assessed by structured interview for current or past ADHD diagnoses using the ADHD module of the KSADS and current ADHD symptom severity using the ADHD Rating ScaleIV (ADHD RS). Results: Fifty percent of the mothers studied had current or past ADHD; 37.5% had both. Four of five (80%) FAM+ mothers had ADHD vs. 4/11 (36%) FAM-mothers (p=0.14). FAM+ mothers had more current hyperactivity symptoms (mean 5.4+0.9SD) than FAM-mothers (1.4+2.2, t=-3.781, p=0.01), as well as higher current ADHD severity (ADHD RS total score 25.2+14.4 vs. 10.0+8.3; t=-2.738, p=0.02) and ADHD RS hyperactivity scores (11.4+7.6 vs. 5.6+7.5; t=-3.065, p<0.01). Conclusions: The observed rate of ADHD diagnoses in mothers of children with co-morbid ADHD and epilepsy is elevated compared to the rate of approximately 18% for mothers of children with ADHD without epilepsy reported in the literature. Hyperactivity symptoms and ADHD severity are further elevated among mothers who have additional close family members with epilepsy. Rates of ADHD are known to be elevated about 10 fold in children with epilepsy compared to the general child population. ADHD in a child with epilepsy can be related to many factors associated with the epilepsy itself, including abnormal electrical activity, the effect of seizures on the brain, adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), and/or brain abnormalities that underlie the epilepsy, including inherited abnormalities. The present study sought to disentangle shared familial risk from the effects of ongoing abnormal electrical activity and the effects of AEDs by studying rates of ADHD in mothers of children with ADHD/E. The findings of this study suggest that ADHD symptoms in children with epilepsy and their mothers reflect shared familial genetic or environmental risk. These factors may lead to ADHD in some family members and co-morbid ADHD and epilepsy in others. A larger, wellcontrolled study of these relationships is warranted. ER  - 
Pseudoseizure characteristics among veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)$$$ Rationale: Various psychiatric disorders can be associated with psychogenic non-epileptic seizure (PNES), including post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Some studies have particularly noted higher prevalence of trauma and PTSD in PNES patients compared to epilepsy patients. Other studies have identified different semiologic clusters in PNES patients. However, there are limited data regarding the correlation of the etiologies of PNES with the above semiologic manifestations, particularly among the veteran population. Methods: This is a retrospective study utilizing chart review of veterans admitted to the video-EEG monitoring unit at the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center in Houston, TX from January 1, 2000 to April 14, 2009. Patients with video-EEG confirmed PNES were included in the study and their records were reviewed for semiology of their PNES and the presence of an established diagnosis of PTSD. Patients were divided into 2 major groups based on their PNES characteristics: 1) Hypermotor: with major motor symptoms such generalized limb movements, pelvic thrusting and head movements; 2) Hypomotor: with altered responsiveness with negative (loss of function), or only mild motor symptoms. Patients with PTSD were categorized into 2 groups: 1) Combat-related (CR) PTSD; 2) Non-combat related (NCR) PTSD. Results: Out of 79 patients with video-EEG confirmed PNES, 25 (31.65%) had a concomitant diagnosis of PTSD. PTSD in 12 patients was related to CR events and in another 12 was related to NCR trauma. In the CR group, 8.33% (n=1) manifested with predominantly hypermotor and 91.67% (n=11) with predominantly hypomotor features. In the NCR group, hypermotor features were observed in 58.33% (n=7) and [Table Presented] [Table Presented] hypomotor features in 41.67% (n=5). Comparison of PNES characteristics in the two PTSD groups with 2-tailed Fisher's exact test was statistically significant (p=0.0272) (table1). 1 PTSD patient had equal dominance of hypermotor and hypomotor features and was not included in the analysis. There was an expected gender difference between the 2 PTSD groups: 100% of patients with CR PTSD were male. However, we did not find any statistically significant relationship between gender and predominant semiology of PNES among the non-PTSD patients using a 2-tailed Fisher's exact test (p=0.1359) (table 2). Females make up about 1/3 of our non-PTSD group. Conclusions: This study suggests that etiology of PTSD may have an effect on the semiologic presentation of PNES. While the underlying mechanisms are unclear, we hypothesize that the predominance of hypomotor features in PNES patients with CR PTSD represents a dissociative state utilized as a subconscious defensive mechanism - an “escape” from the exceedingly undesirable reality of past combat experiences. The NCR group reflects a wider spectrum of underlying psychodynamics, hence manifesting with roughly equal distributions of hyermotor and hypomotor PNES symptoms. Although our CR group consisted of males only, we did not find any statistically significant relationship between gender and PNES semiology among non-PTSD group which consisted of about 1/3 female. ER  - 
Predictors of depressive symptoms in mothers of children with new-onset epilepsy: A longitudinal examination$$$ Rationale: Previous research suggests that 12-49% of mothers caring for children with epilepsy score above clinical cutoffs for depression based on self-report measures of depressive symptoms. The objectives of this research were to: 1) estimate prevalence and course of depressive symptoms in mothers of children with new-onset epilepsy and 2) determine maternal, child, and family risk factors for depressive symptoms 24 months after a child's diagnosis of epilepsy and changes in levels of depressive symptoms over this period. We hypothesize that maternal depressive symptoms (MDS) will decrease linearly over time and predictors of depressive symptoms will include risk for clinical depression at baseline, younger maternal age, less maternal education, multiparity, worse epilepsy severity and child health-related quality of life (HRQL), poor family functioning, more family demands, and less family resources. Methods: Data were obtained from the Health Related Quality of Life in Children with Epilepsy Study (HERQULES), a national prospective study of children 4-12 years old with new-onset epilepsy followed for 24 months. Maternal (age, parity, marital status, education, employment, depressive symptoms), child (age, gender, family history, seizure type, epilepsy classification, epilepsy duration, epilepsy severity, HRQL), and family (income, demands, resources, functioning, perception of familycentred care) variables were examined using mother and neurologist report at baseline, 6, 12, and 24 months. MDS were measured using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D). Data were analyzed using a multilevel model for change over 24 months. Results: Of 460 eligible families, 376 (82%) participated. At baseline, there were 349 mothers who participated with a mean CES-D score of 14.6, 130 (37%) of whom were at risk for clinical depression. Proportions of mothers at risk for clinical depression decreased linearly over time. Predictors of maternal depressive symptoms at 24 months were being at risk for clinical depression at baseline (β=0.82, p<0.0001), younger maternal age (β=-0.02, p=0.008), worse child HRQL (β=-0.01, p=0.002), less family resources (β=-0.01, p<0.001), and worse family functioning (β=-0.03, p=0.005). Predictors of decline in maternal depressive symptoms were being at risk for clinical depression at baseline (β=0.19, p=0.001), having a female child with epilepsy (β=0.14, p=0.004), fewer child behaviour problems (β=-0.11, p=0.027), and better HRQL (β=0.01, p=0.009). Conclusions: This is the first study to prospectively document depressive symptoms in mothers of children with new-onset epilepsy. Over one-third of mothers of children with new-onset epilepsy are at risk for clinical depression at diagnosis. Maternal, child, and family factors each play a role in predicting MDS 24 months after a child is diagnosed with epilepsy and change in MDS within this 24 month period. It is important to consider the extent to which some of these risk factors are potentially modifiable and thus possible targets for clinical intervention. ER  - 
Predictors of depressive symptoms in mothers of children with new-onset epilepsy: A longitudinal examination$$$ Rationale: Previous research suggests that 12-49% of mothers caring for children with epilepsy score above clinical cutoffs for depression based on self-report measures of depressive symptoms. The objectives of this research were to: 1) estimate prevalence and course of depressive symptoms in mothers of children with new-onset epilepsy and 2) determine maternal, child, and family risk factors for depressive symptoms 24 months after a child's diagnosis of epilepsy and changes in levels of depressive symptoms over this period. We hypothesize that maternal depressive symptoms (MDS) will decrease linearly over time and predictors of depressive symptoms will include risk for clinical depression at baseline, younger maternal age, less maternal education, multiparity, worse epilepsy severity and child health-related quality of life (HRQL), poor family functioning, more family demands, and less family resources. Methods: Data were obtained from the Health Related Quality of Life in Children with Epilepsy Study (HERQULES), a national prospective study of children 4-12 years old with new-onset epilepsy followed for 24 months. Maternal (age, parity, marital status, education, employment, depressive symptoms), child (age, gender, family history, seizure type, epilepsy classification, epilepsy duration, epilepsy severity, HRQL), and family (income, demands, resources, functioning, perception of familycentred care) variables were examined using mother and neurologist report at baseline, 6, 12, and 24 months. MDS were measured using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D). Data were analyzed using a multilevel model for change over 24 months. Results: Of 460 eligible families, 376 (82%) participated. At baseline, there were 349 mothers who participated with a mean CES-D score of 14.6, 130 (37%) of whom were at risk for clinical depression. Proportions of mothers at risk for clinical depression decreased linearly over time. Predictors of maternal depressive symptoms at 24 months were being at risk for clinical depression at baseline (β=0.82, p<0.0001), younger maternal age (β=-0.02, p=0.008), worse child HRQL (β=-0.01, p=0.002), less family resources (β=-0.01, p<0.001), and worse family functioning (β=-0.03, p=0.005). Predictors of decline in maternal depressive symptoms were being at risk for clinical depression at baseline (β=0.19, p=0.001), having a female child with epilepsy (β=0.14, p=0.004), fewer child behaviour problems (β=-0.11, p=0.027), and better HRQL (β=0.01, p=0.009). Conclusions: This is the first study to prospectively document depressive symptoms in mothers of children with new-onset epilepsy. Over one-third of mothers of children with new-onset epilepsy are at risk for clinical depression at diagnosis. Maternal, child, and family factors each play a role in predicting MDS 24 months after a child is diagnosed with epilepsy and change in MDS within this 24 month period. It is important to consider the extent to which some of these risk factors are potentially modifiable and thus possible targets for clinical intervention. ER  - 
An 116-amino acid deletion in the third intracellular loop of a naturally occurring human histamine H3 receptor isoform confers inverse agonist pharmacological differences$$$ Brain histamine is involved in the regulation of numerous functions of the central nervous system (CNS), with growing evidence for the involvement of the histamine H3 receptor in arousal, cognition, locomotor activity, autonomic and vestibular functions, feeding and drinking, sexual behaviour, and analgesia. Moreover, H3R specific ligands display beneficial effects in pre-clinical animal models of obesity, epilepsy, and cognitive diseases such as Alzheimer's disease and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. As a result, H3R antagonists are currently undergoing clinical trials (reviewed in The Third Histamine Receptor Ed. D Vohora). The aim of the present study is to pharmacologically characterize three common naturally occurring human histamine H3 receptor (hH3R) isoforms, hH3R (445), hH3R (365) and hH3R (329) transiently expressed in HEK 293 cells as previously described (van Rijn et al., 2006) using [3H] GSK189254, a new high affinity and selective H3 receptor inverse agonist (Medhurst et al., 2007). Expression of each isoform was confirmed immunologically. These abundantly expressed human splice variants differ by a deletion of 80 and 116 amino acids in the intracellular loop 3, respectively and display a differential expression pattern in human CNS. In this report, we show the hH3R (329) to have a 5-fold lower affinity 0.98 +/-0.4nM (n=4) for [3H] GSK189254 than either the hH3R (445) 0.16 +/-0.04nM (n=4) or hH3R (365) 0.24 +/-0.07nM (n=4). Interestingly, co-transfection (cDNA ratio 1:1) of the hH3R (329) isoform had no effect on hH3R (445) affinity 0.27 +/-0.07nM (n=4), but reduced by approximately 10-fold, [3H] GSK189254 affinity for hH3R (365) 2.00 +/-1.1nM (n=5). Previous reports have shown an 80 amino acid deletion (hH3R (365)) in the intracellular loop 3 to confer higher affinity and potency for H3R agonists and conversely lower affinity and potency for H3R inverse agonists, when compared to the full length hH3R (445) isoform (Bonger et al., (2007). These differences in H3R pharmacology displayed by GSK189254 for the major human isoforms may be of importance for a detailed understanding of the clinical efficacy of H3R ligands. ER  - 
Cyclobenzaprine: A new look at an old pharmacological agent$$$ Cyclobenzaprine is a tricyclic pharmacologic agent that has enjoyed considerable use since its availability. Most clinical usages have focused on the muscle relaxant properties, the mechanism of action being more recently redefined. Higher orders of the CNS are, nevertheless, affected, and the latter contributes to the spectrum of proclaimed side effects that are otherwise largely anticholinergic in nature. Cyclobenzaprine has a reasonable safety profile and overdoses are not as problematic as those for accepted tricyclic psychotherapeutic agents. Clinical studies have given supportive, albeit not conclusive, evidence for treatment roles in the short-term management of acute neck and back pain, and fibromyalgia. Further and more exacting science is warranted to explore the value of this drug in other neurological and psychiatric contexts. © 2009 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Oxcarbazepine extended-release formulation in epilepsy$$$ Oxcarbazepine (OXC) is a 10-keto-analogue of carbamazepine, which was developed and labeled as a follow-up antiepileptic drug, that was intended to overcome some of the pharmacological drawbacks of carbamazepine with similar efficacy. The main advantage is the nonoxidative metabolic pathway that allows a lower enzyme-induction profile and fewer drug interactions. OXC is rapidly and extensively reduced by cytosolic hepatic enzymes to its monohydroxylated derivative (MHD), thus OXC may be regarded as a prodrug with MHD representing the active antiepileptic agent. The immediate-release (IR) formulation of OXC (Trileptal®, Timox®) has an almost complete bioavailibilty. It is rapidly absorbed and reaches peak concentrations after 1-3 h. MHD peak concentrations are measured within 4-12 h. Elimination half-life in healthy subjects is 1-5 h for OXC and 7-20 h for MHD. The OXC plasma concentration peak may have been responsible for side effects, such as dizziness, vertigo, coordination problems or blurred vision, which appeared more often with this formulation in individual cases than with the formulation available prior to 2000, or with another formulation that has been distributed in Scandinavian countries. Both possibilities offer a profile approaching the characteristics of an extended-release (ER) formulation. ER OXC was labeled in Germany in 2008 (Apydan® extent, Desitin Arzneimittel GmbH, Hamburg, Germany). Under steady-state conditions. Phase I studies show bioequivalence between IR and ER OXC. With ER OXC, OXC plasma peak concentrations and both OXC and MHD peak-trough fluctuations are markedly reduced. In clinical trials, comparisons between IR OXC twice daily versus ER OXC once daily failed to show significant differences; efficacy tended to be better with IR OXC, whereas OXC ER showed insignificant tolerability advantages. Another study is currently ongoing to compare the tolerability of both formulations under twice-daily administration conditions in patients with difficult-to-treat epilepsies who require a dosage increase of OXC and who are randomized to IR or ER OXC. © 2009 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Cannabinoids for the treatment of dementia$$$ Background: Following the discovery of an endogenous cannabinoid system and the identification of specific cannabinoid receptors in the central nervous system, much work has been done to investigate the main effects of these compounds. There is increasing evidence that the cannabinoid systemmay regulate neurodegenerative processes such as excessive glutamate production, oxidative stress and neuroinflammation. Neurodegeneration is a feature common to the various types of dementia and this has led to interest in whether cannabinoids may be clinically useful in the treatment of people with dementia. Recent studies have also shown that cannabinoids may have more specific effects in interrupting the pathological process in Alzheimer's disease. Objectives: To determine from available research whether cannabinoids are clinically effective in the treatment of dementia. Search strategy: The Specialized Register of the Cochrane Dementia and Cognitive Improvement Group (CDCIG), The Cochrane Library,MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CINAHL and LILACS were searched on 11 April 2008 using the terms: cannabis or cannabinoid* or endocannabinoid* or cannabidiol or THC or CBD or dronabinol or delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol or marijuana or marihuana or hashish. The CDCIG Specialized Register contains records from all major health care databases (The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, LILACS) as well as from many clinical trials registries and grey literature sources. Selection criteria: All double-blind and single (rater)-blind randomized placebo controlled trials assessing the efficacy of cannabinoids at any dose in the treatment of people with dementia. Data collection and analysis: Two reviewers independently examined the retrieved studies for inclusion according to the selection criteria. They then independently assessed the methodological quality of selected trials and extracted data where possible. Main results: Only one study met the inclusion criteria. The data in the study report were presented in such a way that they could not be extracted for further analysis and there was insufficient quantitative data to validate the results. Authors' conclusions: This review finds no evidence that cannabinoids are effective in the improvement of disturbed behaviour in dementia or in the treatment of other symptoms of dementia.More randomized double-blind placebo controlled trials are needed to determinewhether cannabinoids are clinically effective in the treatment of dementia. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Interventions for apathy after traumatic brain injury$$$ Background: Apathy is a deficiency in overt behavioural, emotional and cognitive components of goal-directed behaviour. It is a common occurrence after traumatic brain injury (TBI), with widespread impact. We have systematically reviewed studies examining the effectiveness of interventions for apathy in the TBI population. Objectives: To investigate the effectiveness of interventions for apathy in adults who have sustained a TBI. This was evaluated by changes in behavioural, cognitive and emotional measures of apathy. Search strategy: We searched the following databases up to January 2008: CENTRAL (The Cochrane Library 2008, Issue 1), Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects, ACP Journal Club, MEDLINE (1950 to Jan 2008), EMBASE (1980 to Jan 2008), PsycINFO (1806 to Jan 2008), CINAHL (1982 Jan 2008), PsycBITE, AMED (1985 to Jan 2008), www.controlled-trials.com, www.clinicaltrials.gov and www.actr.org.au. The Cochrane Injuries Group's Specialised Registerwas searched to Jan 2009. Additionally, we examined key conference proceedings and reference lists of included trials to identify further studies meeting the inclusion criteria. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions specifically targeting apathy for people with TBI. Data collection and analysis: Two authors (ALB and RLT) independently assessed studies for inclusion. We rated the methodological quality of included studies and extracted data. Main results: We identified one trial that satisfied the inclusion criteria for this review. This trial (N = 21) showed that cranial electrotherapy stimulation (CES) decreased inertia, which is a component of apathy, while no changes were seen in the shamtreatment or no treatment control groups. Given that no between-group analysis was reported, it was not possible to determine if the CES treatment group improved significantly more than the control group. Authors' conclusions: No evidence was provided to support the use of CES treatment for inertia, a component of apathy. Between-group statistical analyses were not conducted and it was therefore not possible to determine the efficacy of the treatment relative to no treatment or sham treatment. Results regarding the effectiveness of treatment can only be inferred, and this evidence is based on only one trial with a small sample size. More randomised controlled trials evaluating different ways of treating apathy would be valuable. Trials should have larger sample sizes and use rigorous research designs and statistical analyses appropriate for examining between-group differences. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Antipsychotic drugs for first-episode schizophrenia: A comparative review$$$ Increasingly, it is recognized that first-episode schizophrenia represents a critical stage of illness during which the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions can affect long-term outcome. In this regard, the advent of clozapine and subsequent atypical antipsychotic drugs held promise for improved outcomes in patients with first-episode schizophrenia, given the expectation of improved therapeutic efficacy and a more benign side effect burden compared with typical antipsychotic drugs. A growing number of large clinical trials have evaluated the merits of atypical antipsychotic drugs in the early stages of psychosis. A number of conclusions can be drawn from studies completed to date, with the caveat that data are either limited or unavailable for the antipsychotic drugs most recently approved by the US FDA. Studies of atypical antipsychotic drugs support data obtained with typical agents indicating that positive symptoms of psychosis are very treatment responsive and generally at lower doses than in chronic illness. It also appears that first-episode patients tend to stay on atypical antipsychotic drugs longer than on typical agents when all-cause discontinuation criteria are considered as the primary outcome measure. However, there are few differential advantages of clinical efficacy among the individual atypical antipsychotic drugs and there is little evidence to support distinct therapeutic advantages for negative symptoms or cognitive symptoms for atypical agents. Furthermore, while new-onset psychosis patients are particularly susceptible to extrapyramidal symptoms, they are also prone to gain weight and related metabolic adverse effects associated with many, but not all, atypical antipsychotic drugs. Recent data indicating that certain atypical antipsychotic drugs may have a sparing effect on cortical grey matter loss in first-episode schizophrenia is intriguing, given the potential long-term benefits.In summary, atypical antipsychotic drugs represent an incremental advance for patients in first-episode schizophrenia, especially in the area of neurological tolerability. However, metabolic concerns associated with many atypical agents along with limited benefits in cognition and negative symptom domains highlight the persistent therapeutic needs of these patients. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
New drug review 2009$$$ New molecular entities (NMEs), as defined by the FDA, are new drug products containing as their active ingredient a chemical substance marketed for the first time in the United States. The following descriptions of NMEs approved in 2008-2009 (TABLE) detail the basic clinical and pharmacologic profile for each new drug and provide a brief summary of selected pharmacokinetic, adverse-reaction, drug-interaction, and dosing data. The information for each NME was obtained primarily from sources published prior to FDA approval. Experience has demonstrated that many aspects of a new drug's therapeutic profile are not detected in premarketing studies and emerge after the drug is used in large numbers of patients. Studies have clearly shown the appearance of "new" adverse reactions for many NMEs within 2 to 3 years of becoming available. Some of these drugs may eventually acquire at least one black box warning for serious adverse drug reactions or be withdrawn from the market for safety reasons not recognized at the time of approval. Hence, while this review offers a starting point for learning about new drugs, it is essential that practitioners become aware of changes in a drug's therapeutic profile as reported by their own patients and in the pharmaceutical literature. Copyright © 2000 - 2010 Jobson Medical Information LLC unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antimicrobial development in the era of emerging resistance$$$ Antibiotics currently under study by the Food and Drugs Administration include: faropenem (for treatment of sinusitis, bronchitis, and community-acquired pneumonia), dalbavancin (for catheter infections), telavancin (for treatment of nosocomial pneumonia), oritavancin (for bacteremia), ceftobiprole and iclaprim (for pneumonias). Moreover, all of them would be useful for skin and soft tissue infections. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Lacosamide: A guide to its use in partial-onset seizures$$$ Lacosamide is a useful addition to the adjunctive therapeutic options available to treat partial-onset seizures. Oral lacosamide was effective in patients with partial-onset seizures despite prior treatment with at least two antiepileptic drugs in three clinical trials. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Current drug therapy in ulcerative colitis$$$ Ulcerative colitis (UC) and Crohn's disease (CD) are two primary types of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). UC is an inflammatory destructive disease of the large intestine occurred usually in the rectum and lower part of the colon as well as the entire colon. Drug therapy is a main choice for UC treatment and medical management should be as a comprehensive one. Several types of medications are used to control the inflammation or reduce symptoms caused by ulcerative.colitis. The treatment of UC depends on its severity, location and the presence of complications, so drug therapies must be custom-designed for each patient. Findings which medications best alleviate the symptoms may take time. The goal of medical treatment is to reduce the inflammation that triggers the signs and symptoms. In the best cases, this may lead not only to symptom relief but also to long-term remission. Azultidine, Asacol, Pentasa, Dipentum, and Rowasa all contain 5-aminosalicylate (5-ASA), which is the topical anti-inflammatory ingredient. In UC patients with moderate to severe disease and in patients who failed to respond to 5-ASA compounds, systemic corticosteroids should be used. To minimize side effects, corticosteroids should be gradually reduced as soon as the disease remission is achieved. Surgery or immunomodulator is considered for patients with corticosteroid-dependent or unresponsive to corticosteroid treatment. Immunomodulators used for treating severe UC include azathioprine/6-MP,methotrexate, and cyclosporine. Integrated traditional Chinese and Western medicine is safe and effective in maintaining remission in patients with UC. ER  - 
Melatonin as a potential therapeutic agent in psychiatric illness$$$ The aim of this review was to summarize the potential use of melatonin in the treatment of mental disorders, specifically bipolar disorders, depression, and schizophrenia. To date, melatonin has been most commonly used in psychiatry because of its hypnotic, rhythm resynchronizing, and antioxidant actions. Here, we examine other properties of the melatonin including its anti-inflammatory, antinociceptive, anxiolytic, and drug detoxification actions as well as its protective effects against neural loss. The brain is an intricate sensory and motor organ which receives information from both the external and internal environments. It transduces information into complex chemical and electrical signals which are transmitted throughout the central nervous system (CNS) and the organism. The pathogenesis of mental disorders remains ambiguous and neuroinflammation has been proposed as a causative agent. We consider the potential contributions of melatonin as therapeutic agent in CNS and during neuroinflammation in mental disorders. Copyright © 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Clonazepam as a therapeutic adjunct to improve the management of depression: A brief review$$$ Clonazepam, first used for seizure disorders, is now increasingly used to treat affective disorders. We summarize the use of clonazepam to improve the management of depression. Clonazepam is useful for treatment-resistant and/or protracted depression, as well as for acceleration of response to conventional antidepressants. Clonazepam is at this time recommended for use in combination with SSRIs (fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, sertraline) as an antidepressant, and should be used at a dosage of 2.5-6.0 mg/day. If clonazepam is effective, a response should be observed within 2-4 weeks. It is significantly more effective for unipolar than for bipolar depression. Low-dose, long-term treatment with clonazepam exhibits a prophylactic effect against recurrence of depression. Although the mechanism of action of clonazepam has not yet been established, some investigators have been suggested that it involves enhancement of anti-anxiety effects, anticonvulsant effects on subclinical epilepsy, increase in 5-HT/monoamine synthesis or decrease in 5-HT receptor sensitivity mediated through the GABA system, and regulate in GABA activity. Copyright © 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Drug treatments for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in young people$$$ The central role of medication in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents is the focus of controversy once more. Questions about the safety and appropriateness of medication have arisen both within and without the medical community. This coincides with the disappointing results for long-term ADHD treatment, illustrated recently by the first major outcome study to be published. Clinicians have had to contend with a number of public health scares following on from the actions of drug regulatory bodies, in addition to misinformation and misunderstanding from the media. Ironically, this comes at a time when we have an ever-widening range of medications and formulations available to us, and better-quality studies to inform treatment decisions. The recently published National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence guidelines address some of these issues and provide a welcome summary and reference point for beleaguered clinicians. ER  - 
Use of atomoxetine in patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and co-morbid conditions$$$ Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common neurobehavioural disorders in children. It has been shown that as many as 85% of patients with ADHD have at least one psychiatric co-morbidity, and approximately 60% have at least two. Atomoxetine is a specific, noradrenergic reuptake inhibitor that provides an effective treatment option for patients with ADHD and co-morbid conditions. The efficacy of atomoxetine in treating ADHD appears to be unaffected by the presence of co-morbid conditions. Therapy with atomoxetine has been associated with statistically significant improvements in symptoms of oppositional defiant disorder in most, but not all, studies. Limited data suggest this agent may have potential in improving co-occurring symptoms of anxiety and may be useful in patients with co-morbid conditions such as tics or Tourette's syndrome. The tolerability profile of atomoxetine in patients with ADHD and co-morbid conditions was similar to that of patients with uncomplicated ADHD. Atomoxetine was well tolerated, with adverse events generally mild and transient; the most frequent adverse events in patients with ADHD included abdominal pain, decreased appetite, nausea and vomiting. The favourable safety and efficacy profile of atomoxetine makes it a promising treatment for patients with ADHD and associated co-morbidities. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Discontinued psychiatric drugs in 2008$$$ During the past several decades, neuropsychiatric agents have been one of the fastest growing classes of medicinal agents. This expansion is in part due to the increased recognition of the prevalence and burden of illness associated with disparate neuropsychiatric disorders, increased public awareness and possibly reduced stigma associated with mental illness, as well as extensive marketing of neuropsychiatric agents to healthcare providers. Most of the agents reviewed herein represent modifications and/or refinements of pre-existing agents and/or theoretical approaches (e.g., monoamine hypothesis). There remains a relative paucity of agents with genuinely novel mechanisms targeting effector systems implicated in contemporary models of disease pathophysiology in mood and psychotic disorders (e.g., glutamate, insulin, brain derived neurotrophic factor and other growth factors, immunoinflammatory systems and oxidative stress). © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Current progress in the pharmacological therapy of fibromyalgia$$$ Fibromyalgia (FM) is a chronic musculoskeletal pain disorder often associated with fatigue, dyscognition, and sleep disturbances. Recent research advances highlight a critical role for aberrant central pain processing in FM, and, consistent with these data, the first three drugs approved by the FDA for FM over the past 2 years have a predominantly central mode of action. The first drug, pregabalin, may counteract central pain transmission by inhibiting presynaptic release of excitatory neurotransmitters, including substance P and glutamate. The serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors duloxetine and milnacipran have been approved more recently and are believed to reduce pain by increasing serotonin and norepinephrine concentrations in descending inhibitory pain pathways. Agents with multiple other mechanisms of action are in development and promise an assortment of therapeutic options for this complex disorder in the near future. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Histamine H3 and H4 receptors as novel drug targets$$$ The identification of histamine H3 (H3R) and H 4 (H4R) receptors some years ago revived interest in histamine research and exposed attractive perspectives for the potential therapeutic exploitation of these new drug targets. While the H3R is mainly localised in the CNS, the H4R is primarily expressed in hematopoietic cells, indicating their function in neurotransmission and immunomodulation, respectively. Although structural similarities between H 3R and H4R and species differences in their pharmacological profiles are causes of limitations in the evaluation of their biological profile, the development of selective ligands for these receptors facilitates the elucidation of their physiological and pathophysiological functions. The H3R is a recognised drug target for neuronal diseases, such as cognitive impairment, schizophrenia, sleep/wake disorders, epilepsy and neuropathic pain; a small number of selective H3R antagonists have already passed some clinical Phase II trials. The H4R is the newest identified member of the histamine receptor family. Preclinical data strongly suggest its potential therapeutic exploitation in allergy, inflammation, autoimmune disorders and possibly cancer. Considering the topicality of this area of research, this review focuses on the pharmacology of selected promising indications and the rationales for the application of H3R and H 4R ligands. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Management of Behçet disease: A systematic literature review for the European League Against Rheumatism evidence-based recommendations for the management of Behçet disease$$$ Objectives: To present and analyse the literature sources regarding the management of Behçet disease (BD) identified during the systematic literature research, which formed the basis for the European League Against Rheumatism (EULAR) evidence-based recommendations for the management of BD. Methods: Problem areas and related keywords regarding the management of BD were determined by the multidisciplinary expert committee commissioned by EULAR for developing the recommendations. A systematic literature research was performed using MedLine and Cochrane Library resources through to December 2006. Meta-analyses, systematic reviews, randomised controlled trials (RCTs), open studies, observational studies, case control studies and case series' involving ≥5 patients were included. For each intervention the effect size and number needed to treat were calculated for efficacy. Odds ratios and numbers needed to harm were calculated for safety issues of different treatment modalities where possible. Results: The literature research yielded 137 articles that met the inclusion criteria; 20 of these were RCTs. There was good evidence supporting the use of azathioprine and ciclosporin A in eye involvement and interferon (IFN) in mucocutaneous involvement. There were no RCTs with IFNa or tumour necrosis factor (TNF)a antagonists in eye involvement. Similarly controlled data for the management of vascular, gastrointestinal and neurological involvement is lacking. Conclusion: Properly designed, controlled studies (new and confirmatory) are still needed to guide us in managing BD. ER  - 
"All that spikes is not fits," mistaking the woods for the trees: The interictal spikes - An "EEG chameleon" in the interface disorders of brain and mind: A critical review$$$ Recent research into mammalian cortical neurophysiology, after 6 decades of Berger's seminal work on electroencephalography, has shifted the older concept of interictal epileptiform activity (IEA) away from that of a mere electrographic graphoelement of relevance to diagnostic implications in epilepsy. Instead, accumulating information has stressed the neuropsychological implications, cognitive and/or behavioral consequence of these electrophysiological events, which are the phenotypic expression of aberrations of actual biophysical cellular function. We feel that this review is germane to neuropsychiatry, however, a rather neglected area of research. There is a great scope for brain-behavior-EEG research in the future that can be complimented by other techniques of "neurobehavioral electrophysiology." This review does not address the "pearls, perils and pitfalls" in the use of EEG in epilepsy, but critically and systematically reappraises the published electroencephalographic correlates of human behavior. We reiterate that epileptiform and other paroxysmal EEG dysrhythmias unrelated to clinical seizures do have neuropsychological, cognitive and/or behavioral implications as seen in the various neuropsychiatric and neurobehavioral disorders discussed in this article. IEA and EEG dysrhythmias should neither be ignored as irrelevant nor automatically attributed to epilepsy. The relevance of these EEG aberrations in the disorders of the brain-mind interface extend beyond epilepsy, and may be an electrophysiological endophenotype of aberrant neuronal behavior indicative of underlying morpho-functional brain abnormalities. Magnetoencephalography (MEG), data fusion models (EEG-fMRI-BOLD), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), evoked potentials (EP); intracranial electrophysiology, and EEG neurofeedback complemented by current functional neuroimaging techniques (fMRI and PET) would certainly help in further understanding the broader relationship between brain and behavior. ER  - 
Overnight versus progressive conversion of multiple daily-dose divalproex to once-daily divalproex extended release: Which strategy is better tolerated by adults with intellectual disabilities?$$$ Divalproex (DVP) delayed release and DVP extended release (DVP ER) are approved by the Food and Drug Administration for bipolar disorder, epilepsy, and migraine prophylaxis. Divalproex ER is given once daily, improving compliance and reducing adverse events. Overnight switch to DVP ER is advised in the package insert but could produce more adverse events in this susceptible population. In this pilot study, we compared tolerability of overnight versus gradual switching to DVP ER in 16 adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities receiving DVP, in 9 for epilepsy and in all 16 for comorbid bipolar disorder. The study design was open with parallel groups. Sixteen subjects with intellectual and developmental disabilities were randomized to overnight or gradual conversion for 4 to 6 days. A blinded rater completed the Multidimensional Observation Scale for Elderly Subjects on days +1, +4, and +8 after the switch began. We found no major differences between the 2 groups at each time point. Neither group of subjects, except for 1 subject in the overnight group, manifested sedation, seizures, worsening of tremor, or gastrointestinal adverse events. One subject in the overnight group manifested acute diarrhea and vomiting, followed by a very brief tonic leg seizure 6 days later. Larger studies are warranted. © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Nelarabine for the Treatment of Patients with Relapsed or Refractory T-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia or Lymphoblastic Lymphoma$$$ Nelarabine (506U78) is a soluble prodrug of 9- Darabinofuranosylguanine (ara-G), a deoxyguanosine derivative. Nelarabine has significant activity in patients with T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (T-ALL) and lymphoma (T-LBL). Principal toxicity is grade 3 or 4 neutropenia and thrombocytopenia. Neurologic toxicity with Guillain-Barré syndrome, depressed level of consciousness, and peripheral neuropathy are concerning side effects. Nelarabine is well tolerated and has significant antitumor activity in T-ALL and T-LBL. Nelarabine was approved by the Food and Drug Administration for patients with T-ALL/LBL who failed at least two prior regimens. Nelarabine is being explored in children and will be explored in the near future in adults with newly diagnosed T-ALL. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Biological activities of guanidine compounds$$$ Background: The guanidine group defines chemical and physicochemical properties of many compounds of medical interest and guanidine-containing derivatives constitute a very important class of therapeutic agents suitable for the treatment of a wide spectrum of diseases. Objective: To review the most important pharmacological properties, mechanisms of action and therapeutic uses of simple guanidine derivatives, cyclic analogues of guanidines as well as peptides, peptidomimetics and peptoids incorporating arginine. Methods: The review presents both the recent patent literature and original papers dealing with guanidine derivatives that show interesting biological activity and emphasizes the newest developing drugs. Conclusion: Recent achievements in the synthesis of guanidine-containing molecules with diverse chemical, biochemical and pharmacological properties make them of great importance to the design and development of novel drugs acting at CNS, anti-inflammatory agents, inhibitors of Na+/H+ exchanger, inhibitors of NO synthase, antithrombotic, antidiabetic and chemotherapeutic agents as well as guanidinium-based transporters and vectors. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Optimizing antiepileptic treatment$$$ • Objective: To describe the properties of the available antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and to provide a framework for tailoring antiepileptic therapy to the individual patient. • Methods: Review of the literature. • Results: The decision of when to begin antiepileptic therapy is a challenging one, and the benefits of treatment must be carefully weighed against the risk of adverse effects and costs. The number of therapeutic options is staggering, and a framework is needed to make appropriate drug choices. Decisions must take into account (1) efficacy against specific seizure types and epileptic syndromes, (2) pharmacologic properties, and (3) potential adverse effects and interactions with other medications. In general, drug monotherapy is the ideal strategy for seizure control. Approximately 50% of newly diagnosed patients become seizure-free on the first drug initiated and approximately 70% with switching to a second or third drug. • Conclusion: Approximately 70% of those with epilepsy can achieve successful remission (5 or more years without a seizure) with medical therapy. For refractory cases, there have also been advances. However, epilepsy remains a difficult and in some cases disabling chronic illness. ER  - 
PDE5 inhibitors: In vitro and in vivo pharmacological profile$$$ PDE5 inhibitors have been clearly established as first-line therapy for the treatment of erectile dysfunction (ED). Three PDE5 inhibitors - sildenafil (Viagra®), vardenafil (Levitra®) and tadalafil (Cialis®) - are currently approved by the FDA and the EMEA for use in ED, whereas sildenafil is also marketed under a different proprietary name (Revatio®) for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). A forth PDE5 inhibitor, udenafil (Zydena®), is currently marketed. In the present review the molecular basis and the mechanism of action of PDE5 inhibitors is discussed. In addition experimental and clinical data concerning their effects on different tissues, organs and systems is systematically reviewed and their possible beneficial action in numerous disorders is presented. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Acute treatment of pediatric bipolar I disorder, manic or mixed episode, with aripiprazole: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Objectives: To determine the efficacy and safety of aripiprazole for the treatment of pediatric bipolar I disorder, manic or mixed episode, with or without psychotic features. Method: Subjects were enrolled between March 2005 and February 2007 in a randomized, multicenter, double-blind 4-week study of aripiprazole 10 mg/d, aripiprazole 30 mg/d, and placebo. Subjects (n = 296) were 10 to 17 years old with a DSM-IV diagnosis of bipolar I disorder with current manic or mixed episodes, with or without psychotic features, and a Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) score ≥ 20. The primary efficacy variable was change from baseline in the YMRS total score. Results: Both doses of aripiprazole were superior to placebo on the YMRS total score beginning at week 1 and continuing through week 4. Aripiprazole 10 mg and 30 mg were more effective than placebo on global improvement, mania, and overall bipolar illness outcome measures. Response (≥50% reduction in YMRS total score) at week 4 was achieved by 44.8%, 63.6%, and 26.1% of subjects in the aripiprazole 10 mg, aripiprazole 30 mg, and placebo groups, respectively (P < .01 both doses vs placebo). Both doses were generally well tolerated. The most common adverse events were extrapyramidal disorder and somnolence; rates were higher for aripiprazole 30 mg compared with aripiprazole 10 mg. Average weight gain was not significantly different between the aripiprazole 10 mg (+0.82 kg) or 30 mg (+1.08 kg) groups compared with the placebo group (+0.56 kg) (P = .35 and P = .13, respectively). Conclusions: Aripiprazole in daily doses of 10 mg or 30 mg is an effective and generally well-tolerated acute treatment for pediatric subjects with bipolar I mania or mixed episodes. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00110461 © Copyright 2009 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Do glutamatergic agents represent a new class of antidepressant drugs? Part 1$$$ The limitations of our current armamentarium of antidepressant drugs are becoming increasingly evident. This realization has resulted in a strong mandate to search for new agents with novel mechanisms of action that are based on a deeper understanding of the pathophysiology of the disorder. Over the last few decades, we have gained a much greater understanding of the pathophysiologic processes involving the role of glutamate as an excitotoxic agent that are believed to contribute to a variety of neurologic disorders including epilepsy, stroke, Alzheimer's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, and Huntington's disease. Mounting evidence now suggests that abnormalities within the glutamatergic system are associated with more generalized mechanisms of brain dysfunction that may underlie various psychiatric disorders, including major depressive disorder (MDD). The identification of several abnormalities and pathophysiologic processes involving glutamate neurotransmission in the brains of individuals afflicted with mood disorders suggests that the system may serve as a viable target for the development of novel therapeutic agents in the area of mood disorders. Indeed, there is now a growing collection of preclinical and early phase clinical studies demonstrating the antidepressant-like effects of a variety of glutamatergic agents. This brief 2-part review attempts to familiarize the reader with glutamate physiology and outline the clinical developments in this field. © Copyright 2009 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Multiple sclerosis: An overview of current and novel therapies$$$ Multiple sclerosis (MS) is believed to be an autoimmune disease of the white matter of the Central Nervous System and typically presents as inflammatory plaques in the brain, spinal cord and optic nerves. Cerebral atrophy and axonal loss may be related to a neurodegenerative process and result in chronic neurological disability. The condition is diagnosed by clinical symptoms and investigations such as MRI scan confirming that the lesions are separated in time and location. Disease course is unpredictable, ranging from benign to aggressive, with various subtypes with/without relapses and progression. Relapsing remitting MS is the most common presentation. The treatment of MS has been delineated to include symptomatic control, immunosuppression and immunomodulation. Immunosuppression with corticosteroids is used to treat the acute relapses. On the other hand, immunomodulation is aimed at preventing relapses and changing the course of the disease. Beta-interferons are currently the disease-modifying treatment of choice as they reduce relapses. Glatiramer acetate also reduces relapse frequency. These drugs are directed at the inflammatory components of MS, but effects on the neurodegenerative components are not confirmed. It is therefore debatable whether these medicines slow down disease progression. Adverse effects, cost, route and frequency of administration and neutralising antibodies are of concern with interferons. Subsequently, there is research to develop affordable drugs with less adverse effects and more favourable effects on relapses and long-term disability. Alemtuzumab, a monoclonal antibody, has shown superior efficacy as compared to interferon in clinical trials. Unfortunately, immune thrombocytopaenic purpura (rare) and autoimmune thyroid dysfunction may limit the use of this agent in clinical practice. There is no cure for MS and there are still many unresolved issues pertaining to appropriate treatment. The main challenges are to identify patients who will deteriorate faster and to develop drugs that target the progressive stage. © 2009 Medikredit Integrated Healthcare Solutions (Pty) Ltd. ER  - 
Deflazacort$$$ Conventional oral steroids like prednisolone have various adverse effects both during short-term and long-term use. Hence a search for an alternative oral steroid with fewer side-effects is underway throughout the world. Deflazacort, an oxazoline derivative, is a step in this direction. The number of large randomized trials using deflazacort for steroid-responsive disorders in children is limited. Use of deflazacort has been explored largely in patients with Duchenne's muscular dystrophy. Preliminary data suggest reduced osteoporosis, lesser growth retardation and weight gain with use of deflazacort, as compared to other steriods. In view of the limited data demonstrating superiority of deflazacort over the available oral steroids and its prohibitive cost, it is early to advocate widespread use of this drug in children. ER  - 
Co-morbidities in people living with epilepsy: Hospital based case-control study from a resource-poor setting$$$ Purpose: Evaluating co-morbidity in people living with epilepsy (PWE) is essential and its modification might improve their quality of life. We analyzed the various co-morbidities in PWE in comparison with the normal healthy controls. Method: This prospective study was conducted from July 2006 to December 2007. PWE attending neurology outpatient services (n = 250) with age ranging from 16 to 60 years (29.66 ± 11.31 years; M:F 116:134) were recruited after obtaining informed consent. Healthy matched controls (n = 250; 30.35 ± 11.05 years; M:F 114:136) were also recruited. Results: The seizure types were: generalized (62.4%), complex-partial (21.6%), simple-partial (8.8%), and unclassified (7.2%). Sixty-nine percent were on monotherapy, and rest required polytherapy, with 90.8% on adequate dosages of anti-convulsants. About 83.2% were compliant and 70.4% had satisfactory control of seizures. At least 1 co-morbid condition was noted in 152 (60.8%) cases and among them, 62 (24.8%) had ≥2 co-morbidities. Control population was also evaluated for the presence of same co-morbidities and compared with cases. The various significant co-morbidities included: migraine (cases: 25.6% vs. controls: 15.2%; p = 0.02), anxiety (cases: 2.4% vs. controls: 0%; p = 0.04), depression (case: 5.2% vs. controls: 0.4%; p = 0.0009), sleep disturbances (case: 6.8% vs. controls: 0.4%; p = 0.0002), neurocysticercosis (cases: 15.6% vs. controls: 0%; p = < 0.001), pulmonary tuberculosis (cases: 3.6% vs. controls: 0%; p = 0.002) and extra-pulmonary tuberculosis (cases: 2.8% vs. controls: 0.4%; p = 0.03). Less common co-morbidities were hypertension, diabetes, osteoarthritis, asthma, hypothyroidism, and acid-peptic disease. Conclusion: In people living with epilepsy attending neurology OPD services, co-morbid illnesses were commonly observed compared to healthy controls. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Substrate reduction therapy in juvenile GM2 gangliosidosis$$$ Substrate reduction therapy (SRT) is considered to be a potential therapeutic option for juvenile GM2 gangliosidosis (jGM2g). We evaluated the efficacy of SRT in jGM2g, assessing neurological, neuropsychological and brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) outcomes over a 24-month period of treatment. In an open-label and single-center study, five jGM2g patients (mean age 14.6 ± 4.5 years) received oral miglustat at doses of 100-200 mg t.i.d. adjusted to body surface area. Patients underwent general and neurological examinations, neuropsychological, electrophysiological, and brain MRI studies. All patients showed neurological deterioration over the period of the study, with particularly notable worsening of gait, speech and coordination. One patient experienced acute psychosis, and another showed worsening of pre-existing epilepsy. Some neuropsychological tests showed no evidence of deterioration in the three patients with high enough cognitive functioning for reliable assessment. Profound cognitive impairment in two children precluded neuropsychological evaluation. In four patients, evaluation of brain MRI showed no changes in white matter signal abnormalities and cerebellar atrophy noted at baseline, while one patient showed progression of cerebellar and supratentorial brain atrophy. Transmission electron microscopy analysis of peripheral mononuclear cells showed reduction of intracytoplasmatic inclusions with treatment. SRT with miglustat of patients with jGM2g failed to ameliorate progressive neurological deterioration, but apparently no worsening of some areas of cognitive function tested and brain MRI lesions was noted over 24 months of treatment. The results must be interpreted with care owing to the small sample of patients and the lack of a control-arm. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Study on the efficacy and tolerability of amisulpride in medical/surgical inpatients with delirium admitted to a general hospital$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of amisulpride in medical inpatients who present with delirium. Method: Open label prospective study with 7-day follow-up. Forty hospital inpatients with delirium were recruited, seven of whom died and two of whom refused medication. The average dose of amisulpride for delirium treatment was 200-300 mg/day. Daily assessments were performed with Delirium Rating Scale (DRS), Positive Subscale of the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS-P), Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE), Neurological Subscale of the UKU side effect rating scale. Variance analysis was performed through repeated measurements, with the general linear model with paired comparisons and Bonferroni correction for each measured variable. Results: Patients showed significant improvement on the DRS from the first day of treatment DRS = 17.55 until day 7 DRS = 7.26 (F = 92.485; p < 0.001), psychotic symptoms improved from first day PANSS-P = 18.26 to last day PANSS-P = 9.35 (F = 144.83; p < 0.001). Cognitive status showed a significant improvement from day 2 MMSE = 18.71 until day 7 MMSE = 24.06 (F = 96.56; p < 0.001), and the neurological subscale of the UKU side effect rating scale showed a significant improvement the last day with respect to baseline pretreatment level (F = 7.539; p = 0.01). Conclusions: These results suggest a good response to amisulpride in the acute phase of delirium, although further randomized controlled studies must be performed. © 2009 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Narcolepsy and depression and the neurobiology of gammahydroxybutyrate$$$ A voluminous literature describes the relationship between disturbed sleep and depression. The breakdown of sleep is one of the cardinal features of depression and often also heralds its onset. Frequent arousals, periods of wakefulness and a short sleep onset REM latency are typical polysomnographic features of depression. The short latency to REM sleep has been attributed to the combination of a monoaminergic deficiency and cholinergic supersensitivity and these irregularities have been proposed to form the biological basis of the disorder. A similar imbalance between monoaminergic and cholinergic neurotransmission has been found in narcolepsy, a condition in which frequent awakenings, periods of wakefulness and short sleep onset REM latencies are also characteristic findings during sleep. In many cases of narcolepsy, this imbalance appears to result from a deficiency of hypocretin but once established, whether in depression or narcolepsy, this disequilibrium sets the stage for the dissociation or premature appearance of REM sleep and for the dissociation of the motor inhibitory component of REM sleep or cataplexy. In the presence of this monoaminergic/cholinergic imbalance, gammahydroxybutyrate (GHB) may acutely further reduce the latency of REM sleep and induce cataplexy, in both patients with narcolepsy or depression. On the other hand, the repeated nocturnal application of GHB in patients with narcolepsy improves the continuity of sleep, prolongs the latency to REM sleep and prevents cataplexy. Evidence to date suggests that GHB may restore the normal balance between monoaminergic and cholinergic neurotransmission. As such, the repeated use of GHB at night and the stabilization of sleep over time makes GHB an effective treatment for narcolepsy and a potentially effective treatment for depression. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Levetiracetam extended release and levetiracetam immediate release as adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures: An indirect comparison of treatment-emergent adverse events using meta-analytic techniques$$$ The safety profiles of once-daily adjunctive levetiracetam (LEV) extended release (XR) (1000 mg/day) and adjunctive LEV immediate release (IR) (500 mg twice daily) were compared using data from three randomized, placebo (PBO)-controlled phase III clinical trials in patients with partial-onset seizures. MedDRA 9.0 treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were indirectly compared using meta-analytic techniques, including calculation of risk difference (RD) and mixed-effects analysis. Statistical significance was set at 10% alpha risk, the normative value for these analyses. Data from 555 patients older than 16 (204 LEV IR, 70 LEV XR, 281 PBO) were analyzed. Following adjustment for incidence of placebo TEAEs, LEV XR showed statistically significantly lower rates of TEAEs than LEV IR across nervous system disorders (RD = -18%, P = 0.03), psychiatric disorders (RD = -11%, P = 0.08), and metabolism and nutrition disorders (RD = -3%, P = 0.08). Among nervous system disorders, the RD for headache favored LEV XR (RD = -11%, P = 0.08). These results suggest that adjunctive LEV XR may be associated with a lower incidence of nervous system, psychiatric, and nutritional and metabolic TEAEs as compared with LEV IR. However, this difference was observed at a broad scale and not at a specific TEAE level except for headache. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pathophysiological basis of migraine prophylaxis$$$ Several cellular and molecular mechanisms have been implicated in migraine pathophysiology including abnormal neuronal excitability and vascular events. Drugs from different pharmacological classes are used for migraine prophylaxis. These agents may normalize neuronal excitability by modulating distinct ionic channels and various neurotransmitter systems. They can also block cortical spreading depression, prevent peripheral and/or central pain sensitization, and normalize brainstem function. Most of the drugs recently used in migraine prophylaxis have been identified by serendipidy and they have been originally approved for other indications. Subsequently, their use has been extended to migraine prevention, according to their putative mechanisms of action. More recently, trials on adequate samples of migraine patients have been conducted for several drugs. In the present review, we will present and discuss the pathophysiological bases for the use of antidepressants, β-adrenergic blockers, calcium channel blockers and antiepileptic drugs in migraine prevention. Currently, the major classes of conventional migraine preventive drugs include the antidepressant amitriptyline, the β-adrenergic blocker propranolol, and the antiepileptic drugs topiramate and valproic acid. Promising results have recently been obtained for angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II type 1 receptor blockers. Some limited clinical findings have also been reported for atypical antipsychotic agents, nutritional supplements and also botulinum toxin. Targets of migraine preventive treatment are to reduce frequency and intensity of attacks and to decrease disability related to chronic headache. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Reversible visual hallucinations induced by topiramate: Report of two cases$$$ The incidence of psychotic symptoms during clinical trials of topiramate was not significantly different from the rate for placebo or reported rates of psychosis in patients with refractory epilepsy. Furthermore, acute visual hallucinations after the use of topiramate is unusual manifestation. Two patients with refractory complex partial seizure who had no psychiatric history developed symptoms visual hallucinations after the use of topiramate. After reduction of topiramate dosage in both patients, a full remission of the visual hallucinations was obtained without the need of neuroleptic drugs. We report on two epileptic patients who developed reversible visual hallucinations after the use of topiramate. ER  - 
A review of tolerability and abuse liability of γ-hydroxybutyric acid for insomnia in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Background: Approved therapeutic uses for γ-hydroxybutyric acid (GHB) (or sodium oxybate), a γ-aminobutyric acid type B and GHB receptor agonist, include narcolepsy in the United States and Europe and alcohol abuse treatment in Italy. Possible efficacy of GHB in schizophrenia has also been proposed. A tolerability concern regarding use of GHB is its abuse potential. Given the high comorbidity of substance disorders and schizophrenia, a systematic assessment of the published literature is crucial. Objective: The aim of this review was to assess the tolerability and abuse liability of GHB in the context of future clinical studies as a potential treatment for insomnia in patients with schizophrenia. Methods: A literature search in English (inception through April 2009, inclusive) was conducted of MEDLINE, EMBASE, and PsycINFO using the search term GHB. All articles whose abstracts mentioned human use of GHB were read in their entirety. The reference sections of identified articles were reviewed for publications that might have been missed by the initial search. Results: GHB is abused by a small percentage of people (<1%) as a "club drug" and is commonly associated with enhanced sexual experiences (65%), euphoria (41%), somnolence (71%), and confusion (24%), according to a recent study. A review of all available emergency room case series suggests that while GHB can be associated with serious coma necessitating intubation, the number of reported fatal cases associated with GHB appears limited. Clarity on the lethality of GHB is complicated by instability of GHB in postmortem samples and frequent concomitant ingestions. Furthermore, formal abuse liability studies do not support high abuse propensity for GHB, mainly because oversedation and dizziness may lead most individuals to find GHB unpleasant at high doses. As supported by 2 large studies, there is limited evidence to suggest widespread use as an agent in sexual assault. Years of clinical use in narcolepsy do not support the development of tolerance or withdrawal in those subjects without substance dependence. Conclusions: Tolerability and abuse liability issues, while a concern with GHB given its abuse potential, do not preclude further study of the potential use for insomnia in nondually diagnosed schizophrenia. Full cognizance must be taken of risk/benefit tradeoffs, and to the development of improved formulations with decreased abuse liability. © 2009 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of sleep dysfunction and psychiatric disorders$$$ Patients with neurologic disorders commonly experience sleep dysfunction and psychiatric disorders. The most common sleep dysfunction is insomnia, which is a primary symptom in 30% to 90% of psychiatric disorders. Insomnia and fatigue are prominent symptoms of anxiety disorders and major depression that may occur in patients who are treated but have residual sleep dysfunction. Anxiety and depressive disorders account for 40% to 50% of all cases of chronic insomnia. It is also recognized that primary insomnia and other primary sleep disorders produce symptoms that are similar to those reported by patients with psychiatric disorders. A clinician must judge whether sleep deprivation causes mood disturbance or whether depressive or anxiety disorder represents the primary reason for sleep dysfunction. When insomnia is comorbid with mild to moderate depression, therapy should begin with bedtime dosing of sedating antidepressants such as mirtazapine, nefazodone, or tricyclic antidepressants, which are preferred because of their sedative effects. Often side effects limit their usefulness. Intervention for chronic insomnia is similar in nonpsychiatric and psychiatric patients. Behavioral therapies, particularly multicomponent cognitive-behavioral therapy, and lifestyle changes show significant long-term efficacy as treatments for chronic insomnia. The most studied pharmacologic agents to treat insomnia are sedative hypnotic agents, particularly those that are active through the benzodiazepine receptor-GABA (γ-aminobutyric acid) complex, such as benzodiazepines, eszopiclone, zaleplon, and zolpidem. Melatonin and the melatonin-receptor agonist ramelteon have not had adequate study in psychiatric patients to define their use, but small studies suggest benefit. Prescription of adjunctive trazodone (50-150 mg) is a common clinical practice to treat comorbid insomnia during antidepressant therapy, but published data are surprisingly limited, considering its frequent use. Although there has been insufficient research on the use of atypical antipsychotic agents in severe insomnia, psychiatrists use quetiapine, olanzapine, or others to lessen agitation that disrupts sleep. When insomnia or hypersomnia continue even as mood, anxiety, or thought disorders improve with standard therapy, the physician should consider the potential presence of underlying sleep disorders. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
New perspectives on assessment of suicide risk$$$ Concerns have arisen during recent years over a possible link between suicide and medications used to treat several medical conditions, including depression, asthma, epilepsy, and smoking. The concern over the safety of these medications was sparked by data from postmarketing and retrospective analyses of clinical trials. However, clinical trials were not initially designed to measure suicidality, and this methodologic limitation weakens the ability to make causal conclusions. Postmarketing results also have methodologic limitations (such as the absence of control groups) that limit the ability to make causal conclusions. Postmarketing results are also misleading because each of the medical conditions involved is highly comorbid with depression. The risk of not treating these conditions with an active and effective medication may clearly outweigh the possible slight elevation of the risk of suicidal thoughts and behaviors. The decision to take a medication should be made in consultation with a physician and based upon considerations of the risks and benefits of the medication. Physicians and the public need accurate information on the suicide risks associated with medications to make informed treatment decisions. The most effective way to ascertain the true risk (or lack of risk) associated with a medication is to systematically and prospectively assess suicidal thoughts and behaviors in randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials. If a medication is scientifically determined to increase the risk for suicidal thoughts and behaviors, then the risk needs to be accurately translated and communicated to physicians and patients. Physicians prescribing these medications will need to closely monitor and assess their patients for changes in mood and suicide risk throughout treatment and must be able to recognize when a patient needs specialized mental health care. Mental status changes can be appropriately monitored and managed. Some medical conditions, such as asthma and epilepsy, and some treatment goals, such as smoking cessation, have inherent increased risks for depression - and by extension, suicide - that necessitate accurate, ongoing assessment. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Pharmacologic treatment of impulsive aggression with antiepileptic drugs$$$ Aggressive behavior is a major concern in mental health and criminal justice settings. Although pharmacotherapy is often used in the treatment of the violent individual, no medication is presently approved by the US Food and Drug Administration specifically for such use. In recent years, antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have become increasingly popular for the management of impulsive (reactive) aggressive behavior. The research literature has implicated several neurobiologic deficits associated with impulsive aggression, including reduced central serotonergic functioning, executive dysfunction, and prefrontal deficits. It has been suggested that the neurobiologic deficits specific to impulsive aggressive behavior may serve as indicators of an ineffective behavioral control system. A review of the literature finds that AEDs, particularly those that block sodium channels and/or have GABA-related mechanisms of action, are effective in reducing the frequency and intensity of impulsive aggressive outbursts both when used as the primary agent of treatment and as an adjunct to ongoing pharmacotherapy. Strong evidence for efficacy in impulsive aggression exists from randomized controlled trials for most of the common AEDs (phenytoin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, lamotrigine, valproate/ divalproex sodium, topiramate). Additional controlled studies are needed for tiagabine and gabapentin. Of the common AEDs, only levetiracetam has been shown to be ineffective in the treatment of impulsive aggression. It is important to note that the anti-aggressive effects seen with the AEDs appear to be specific to the impulsive form of aggression. Individuals who display premeditated aggression do not seem to benefit from this type of treatment. Clinically, we recommend phenytoin (initial dose 100 mg three times daily) as the AED of first choice for the treatment of impulsive aggressive outbursts. This recommendation is based on this drug's limited side effect profile (compared with the other AEDs) and the large amount of empiric data supporting its clinical efficacy in impulsive aggression. In the event that the impulsive aggressive individual does not respond to pharmacotherapy with phenytoin, carbamazepine (initial dose 150 mg three times daily) and valproate/divalproex sodium (initial dose 250 mg three times daily) have both proved to be effective secondary options. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Early outcomes of MDR-TB treatment in a high HIV-prevalence setting in southern Africa$$$ Background: Little is known about treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) in high HIV-prevalence settings such as sub-Saharan Africa. Methodology/Principal Findings: We did a retrospective analysis of early outcomes of the first cohort of patients registered in the Lesotho national MDR-TB program between July 21, 2007 and April 21, 2008. Seventy-six patients were included for analysis. Patient follow-up ended when an outcome was recorded, or on October 21, 2008 for those still on treatment. Fifty-six patients (74%) were infected with HIV; the median CD4 cell count was 184 cells/μl (range 5-824 cells/μl). By the end of the follow-up period, study patients had been followed for a median of 252 days (range 12-451 days). Twenty-two patients (29%) had died, and 52 patients (68%) were alive and in treatment. In patients who did not die, culture conversion was documented in 52/54 patients (96%). One patient had defaulted, and one patient had transferred out. Death occurred after a median of 66 days in treatment (range 12-374 days). Conclusions/Significance: In a region where clinicians and program managers are increasingly confronted by drug-resistant tuberculosis, this report provides sobering evidence of the difficulty of MDR-TB treatment in high HIV-prevalence settings. In Lesotho, an innovative community-based treatment model that involved social and nutritional support, twice-daily directly observed treatment and early empiric use of second-line TB drugs was successful in reducing mortality of MDR-TB patients. Further research is urgently needed to improve MDR-TB treatment outcomes in high HIV-prevalence settings. © 2009 Seung et al. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety limitations of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder pharmacotherapy in children and adults$$$ There have been major advances in the treatment and understanding of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in the last decade. Among these are the availability of newer stimulant formulations, an appreciation of the combined effects of medication and behavioural therapies, and a better understanding of the neurobiology of the disorder in children (aged 612 years), adolescents and adults. This article focuses on the evaluation of the efficacy and safety profiles of medications used for the management of ADHD.In assessing the various medical treatments for ADHD, certain issues and analyses have become important to address. The diagnosis, characterization and quantification of ADHD symptoms are crucial to assessing treatment effectiveness. A standardized setting for measuring the severity of ADHD symptoms is the laboratory school protocol, which simulates a school environment with tightly controlled timing of measurements. This method has been adapted successfully to the adult workplace environment to help with the evaluation of adult ADHD symptoms.Statistical analyses, such as effect size and number needed to treat, may aid in the comparison and interpretation of ADHD study results. Although an objective approach to evaluating the efficacy and safety profiles of the available medications provides necessary details about the medical options, typical clinical decisions are often based on trial and error and may be individualized based on a patients daily routine, comorbidities and risk factors.Stimulants remain the US FDA-approved medical treatment of choice for patients with ADHD and are associated with an exceptional response rate. Findings of the Multimodal Treatment of Children With ADHD study suggest that the combination of behavioural and medical therapy may benefit most patients. Nonstimulant agents, such as atomoxetine (FDA-approved), and several non-approved agents, bupropion, guanfacine and clonidine, may offer necessary alternatives to the stimulants. This is especially important for patients who have comorbidities that are contraindicated for stimulant use based on medical issues andor risk for stimulant abuse. Typical psychiatric comorbidities in patients with ADHD include oppositional defiant disorder, conduct disorder, major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, anxiety, substance abuse disorder, tic disorder, and Tourettes syndrome.Although relatively safe, both stimulants and atomoxetine have class-related warnings and contraindications and are associated with adverse effects that require consideration when prescribing. Polypharmacy is a common psychiatric approach to address multiple symptoms or emergent adverse effects of necessary treatments. Future research may provide an improved understanding of polypharmacy and better characterization of the factors that influence the diagnosis and successful treatment of patients with ADHD. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. ER  - 
Valganciclovir in adult solid organ transplant recipients: Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic characteristics and clinical interpretation of plasma concentration measurements$$$ Valganciclovir and ganciclovir are widely used for the prevention of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in solid organ transplant recipients, with a major impact on patients' morbidity and mortality. Oral valganciclovir, the ester prodrug of ganciclovir, has been developed to enhance the oral bioavailability of ganciclovir. It crosses the gastrointestinal barrier through peptide transporters and is then hydrolysed into ganciclovir. This review aims to describe the current knowledge of the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic characteristics of this agent, and to address the issue of therapeutic drug monitoring. Based on currently available literature, ganciclovir pharmacokinetics in adult solid organ transplant recipients receiving oral valganciclovir are characterized by bioavailability of 66 ± 10% (mean ± SD), a maximum plasma concentration of 3.1 ± 0.8 mg/L after a dose of 450 mg and of 6.6 ± 1.9 mg/L after a dose of 900 mg, a time to reach the maximum plasma concentration of 3.0 ± 1.0 hours, area under the plasma concentration-time curve values of 29.1 ± 5.3 mg·h/L and 51.9 ± 18.3 mg·h/L (after 450 mg and 900 mg, respectively), apparent clearance of 12.4 ± 3.8 L/h, an elimination half-life of 5.3 ± 1.5 hours and an apparent terminal volume of distribution of 101 ± 36 L. The apparent clearance is highly correlated with renal function, hence the dosage needs to be adjusted in proportion to the glomerular filtration rate. Unexplained interpatient variability is limited (18% in apparent clearance and 28% in the apparent central volume of distribution). There is no indication of erratic or limited absorption in given subgroups of patients; however, this may be of concern in patients with severe malabsorption. The in vitro pharmacodynamics of ganciclovir reveal a mean concentration producing 50% inhibition (IC50) among CMV clinical strains of 0.7 mg/L (range 0.2-1.9 mg/L). Systemic exposure of ganciclovir appears to be moderately correlated with clinical antiviral activity and haematotoxicity during CMV prophylaxis in high-risk transplant recipients. Low ganciclovir plasma concentrations have been associated with treatment failure and high concentrations with haematotoxicity and neurotoxicity, but no formal therapeutic or toxic ranges have been validated. The pharmacokinetic parameters of ganciclovir after valganciclovir administration (bioavailability, apparent clearance and volume of distribution) are fairly predictable in adult transplant patients, with little interpatient variability beyond the effect of renal function and bodyweight. Thus ganciclovir exposure can probably be controlled with sufficient accuracy by thorough valganciclovir dosage adjustment according to patient characteristics. In addition, the therapeutic margin of ganciclovir is loosely defined. The usefulness of systematic therapeutic drug monitoring in adult transplant patients therefore appears questionable; however, studies are still needed to extend knowledge to particular subgroups of patients or dosage regimens. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Analysis of the demand for neurological health care generated by primary care in a geographical area within the districts of Girona$$$ Aim. To perform a descriptive analysis of the outpatient activity in a neurological department in terms of the frequency and type of neurological diseases that were attended. Patients and methods. A retrospective and cross-sectional study was conducted involving patients referred to the neurology outpatients department. The cases that visited for the first time during the years 2006 and 2007 were recorded consecutively. Medical information was evaluated based on computerised hospital registers and the following data were collected: health referral area, date of visit, age, sex and diagnosis according to the International Classification of Diseases, 9th edition, clinical modification (CIE-9-MC), reconverted into the International Classification of Diseases, 10th edition (CIE-10). Results. The mean age was 60.6 ± 20.9 years (range: 4-95 years) and 61.4% were females. The rate of frequency of visits was 4.3 requests/1000 inhabitants for the year 2006 and 3.9 for the year 2007; an increase was observed with age for the neurodegenerative diseases. As far as the CIE-10 is concerned, the diseases were classified as episodic and paroxysmal (25%), degenerative and demyelinating (18.6%), organic mental disorders (14.7%), extrapyramidal syndromes (10.5%), diseases affecting cerebral circulation (3.5%), stress-related disorders and somatomorphs (3.5%) and diseases of the inner ear (3.3%). The remaining pathologies did not reach 3% of the total. Diseases of the central nervous system were observed in 61% of the patients and psychiatric disorders were found in 20.3%. The most common diseases were cognitive disorders (31.5%), headaches (18.6%) and movement disorders (11.7%), followed by psychiatric diseases, epilepsies, cerebrovascular diseases and neuropathies. Conclusions. The frequency of visits increases with age and the order, in terms of frequency, was: episodic and paroxysmal, degenerative and demyelinating, psychotic and behavioural disorders, and extrapyramidal syndromes. © 2009, Revista de Neurología. ER  - 
Smoking cessation pharmacotherapy$$$ Cigarette smoking remains an important risk factor for premature cardiovascular disease and its many complications. There are clear benefits from treating tobacco dependence on the rate of clinical outcomes. In addition to behavioral therapies, various pharmacologic strategies have been developed to help achieve this goal. First-line therapies include nicotine replacement, bupropion and varenicline, a partial nicotine antagonist. Second-line treatments include clonidine and nortriptyline. Additional treatment strategies with less proven efficacy include monoamine oxidase inhibitors, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, opioid receptor antagonists, bromocriptine, anti-anxiety drugs, nicotinic receptor antagonists (e.g. mecamylamine) and glucose tablets. Various approaches under investigation include inhibitors of the hepatic P450 enzyme (e.g. methoxsalen), cannabinoid-1 receptor antagonists (e.g. rimonabant), and nicotine vaccines. © The Author(s), 2009. ER  - 
Different concepts of drug delivery in disease entities$$$ This is a review of classical and novel concepts of drug delivery in particular diseases such as central nervous system disease, ophthalmic disease, cardiovascular disease, cancer and others. Nowadays, scientists are trying to propose efficient and selective drugs for the site of action, with best acceptance of patients, that can be metabolized to non-toxic derivatives. Prodrugs, soft drugs, codrugs are designed to maximize the amount of active drugs that reaches the site of action, through changing the physicochemical, biopharmaceutical or pharmacokinetic properties of the parent drugs. For last years different concepts of drug delivery have been developed to achieve the best patients' tolerance of a drug that has no undesirable properties. It is established that future studies will ameliorate drug properties so as to achieve the best drug delivery system. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Psychiatric disorders during pregnancy and postpartum period, and their treatment$$$ Treating women with psychiatric disorders during pregnancy is a challenge for numerous reasons. Balancing the risk and benefits of the treatment is particularly important during pregnancy because both medication and maternal illness may have adverse effects on the fetus. Psychiatrists can prepare management decisions by reviewing the current literature. In the recurring disturbances, and with a risk of a serious relapse, it is often safer to continue the treatment, rather than to withdraw it. The physician and patient should discuss the known teratogenicity data, as well as acknowledge the unknown or non-quantifiable risks. The lowest effective doses should always be used (divided into several portions throughout the day); polytherapy should be avoided; doses should be adjusted to the period of pregnancy; preparations counteracting the toxic effect of the medication should be used (vitamin K, folic acid). In the prepartum period, the dose of the drug should be maximally reduced. The paper reviews the literature on the characteristic features of psychiatric illness during pregnancy and postpartum period and presents updated knowledge on teratogenicity, neonatal and neurobehavioural effects for different psychotropic drugs (SSRI, TCA, other antidepressants, mood stabilizers, neuroleptics, novel antipsychotics, benzodiazepines), and ECT. ER  - 
Psychiatric History and Temporal Lobectomy Outcome: Looking to the past to Predict the Future$$$ A Lifetime Psychiatric History Predicts a Worse Seizure Outcome Following Temporal Lobectomy. Kanner AM, Byrne R, Chicharro A, Wuu J, Frey M. Neurology 2009;72(9):793–799. PURPOSE: To identify the psychiatric and epilepsy variables predictive of postsurgical seizure outcome after anterotemporal lobectomy (ATL). METHODS: Retrospective study of 100 consecutive patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) who underwent ATL. The mean (±SD) follow-up period was 8.3 (±3.1) years. Three types of surgical outcomes were examined at 2 years after surgery and at last contact: class IA (no disabling seizures no auras), class IA + IB (no disabling seizures), and class IA + IB + IC (no or rare disabling seizures in the first postsurgical year). Logistic regression analyses were performed separately for the three types of surgical outcomes. The epilepsy-related independent variables included age at onset, cause of TLE (mesial temporal sclerosis, lesional and cryptogenic TLE), extent of resection of mesial structures, neuropathologic abnormalities, having only complex partial seizures, and duration of the seizure disorder. The psychiatric independent variables included a postsurgical and presurgical lifetime history of mood, anxiety, attention deficit hyperactivity, and psychotic disorders. RESULTS: The absence of a psychiatric history was an independent predictor of all three types of surgical outcomes. In addition, a larger resection of mesial structures was a predictor for class IA outcome, and having only complex partial seizures (vs generalized tonic–clonic seizures) was a predictor for class IA + IB and IA + IB + IC. Having mesial temporal sclerosis (vs other causes of TLE) was a predictor for class IA + IB + IC as well. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that a lifetime psychiatric history may be predictive of a worse postsurgical seizure outcome after an anterotemporal lobectomy. ER  - 
Medical, psychological, cognitive and educational late-effects in pediatric low-grade glioma survivors treated with surgery only$$$ Background. Surgical resection is often the only treatment necessary for pediatric low-grade gliomas (LGGs) and is thought to define a population with an excellent long-term prognosis. The goal of this study was to describe the multidimensional late-effects of pediatric LGG survivors treated exclusively with surgery. Methods. A retrospective chart review of "surgery-only" LGG survivors followed at Dana-Farber/Children's Hospital Cancer Care was undertaken. Patients had to be diagnosed with an LGG before the age of 22 years, treated with "surgery-only" and be at least 2 years from diagnosis. Results. Sixty survivors were eligible with a median age at the time of review of 16.3 years and the median time since diagnosis of 8.4 years. Tumor locations were predominantly posterior fossa (47%) or cortical (33%). Eighty-five percent of patients had at least one ongoing late-effect, and 28% had three or more. The most common late-effects consisted of motor dysfunction (43%), visual problems (32%), anxiety (19%), social difficulties (19%), seizure disorders (17%), depression (15%), poor coordination/ataxia (14%), behavioral problems (13%), and endocrinopathies (10%). Nine patients had a history of suicidal ideation; two with suicide attempts. The mean full-scale IQ was normal, however, the number of survivors scoring one standard deviation below the mean was twice the expected number. Special education services were utilized by more than half of the survivors. Conclusions. "Surgery-only" LGG survivors may be more affected by their tumor and its resection than previously appreciated. A prospective study is needed to address this survivor population. © 2009 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Clinical trial: Lansoprazole 15 or 30 mg once daily vs. placebo for treatment of frequent nighttime heartburn in self-treating subjects$$$ Background Frequent nighttime heartburn is common. Lansoprazole 15 mg is indicated for treatment of heartburn and other gastro-oesophageal reflux disease-related symptoms. Aim To evaluate the efficacy and safety of lansoprazole in self-treating subjects with frequent nocturnal heartburn. Methods A total of 864 subjects with heartburn on ≥2 days-week over the past month were randomized to double-blind treatment with lansoprazole 15 or 30 mg or placebo each morning. Endpoints were percentage of nighttimes without heartburn (primary), percentage of 24-h days without heartburn and percentage of subjects without heartburn on day 1. Results Mean percentage of nighttimes without heartburn was significantly greater with lansoprazole 15 mg (61.3%) or lansoprazole 30 mg (61.7%) vs. placebo (47.8%) over 14 days (P < 0.0001 vs. placebo for both doses). Percentage of 24-h days without heartburn and percentage of subjects without heartburn on day 1 were significantly greater with lansoprazole 15 or 30 mg vs. placebo. Conclusions Both lansoprazole 15 and 30 mg were highly effective and well tolerated in reducing symptoms in subjects with frequent nighttime heartburn. The benefit of therapy on 24-h heartburn and nighttime heartburn on day 1 of treatment was also evident. Lansoprazole 15 mg is a suitable choice for management of frequent nighttime heartburn. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Medications for Obesity: Mechanisms and Applications$$$ Medications can significantly increase weight loss compared with placebo in most trials. In general, patients can expect a weight loss of 8% to 10% from baseline provided they adhere to the weight-loss program and take medications regularly. All medications have side effects that need to be considered before initiating treatment, however. For sibutramine, there is an increase in blood pressure and heart rate that may require discontinuation of the drug in a small percentage of patients. For orlistat, the principal side effect is gastrointestinal in origin resulting from the increased activity of the lower bowel. Cannabinoid receptor antagonists, once a promising target, are no longer under study. Other medications are in clinical trials and on their way. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes$$$ Benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS) is a common disorder in childhood. After a brief overview of BECTS, a review of the data in favor of treatment with anticonvulsant medications is followed by the data indicating that treatment is not indicated. Some children appear to have cognitive consequences from BECTS. The parents and children with BECTS require a full discussion of the pros and cons of treatment, but based on data available at this time, it is concluded that treatment is generally not indicated for most patients. Future research may lead to changes in the recommendations. © 2009 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Prescribing in pregnancy$$$ Most drugs can cross the placenta and some of these have adverse foetal effects. Organogenesis occurs between 18 days and 10 weeks of gestation and this is the highest risk period for teratogenic effects. However, later exposure may cause growth or developmental effects while exposure near term may be associated with neonatal toxicity or withdrawal syndromes. This article provides an update on prescribing during pregnancy, concentrating on the management of hypertension, hypercholesterolaemia, diabetes, epilepsy and depression, as well as treatments for autoimmune disease and organ transplantation. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Investigating whether adverse prenatal and perinatal events are associated with non-clinical psychotic symptoms at age 12 years in the ALSPAC birth cohort$$$ Background. Non-clinical psychosis-like symptoms (PLIKS) occur in about 15% of the population. It is not clear whether adverse events during early development alter the risk of developing PLIKS. We aimed to examine whether maternal infection, diabetes or pre-eclampsia during pregnancy, gestational age, perinatal cardiopulmonary resuscitation or 5-min Apgar score were associated with development of psychotic symptoms during early adolescence. Method. A longitudinal study of 6356 12-year-old adolescents who completed a semi-structured interview for psychotic symptoms in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) birth cohort. Prenatal and perinatal data were obtained from obstetric records and maternal questionnaires completed during pregnancy. Results. The presence of definite psychotic symptoms was associated with maternal infection during pregnancy [adjusted odds ratio (OR) 1.44, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.86, p=0.006], maternal diabetes (adjusted OR 3.43, 95% CI 1.14-10.36, p=0.029), need for resuscitation (adjusted OR 1.50, 95% CI 0.97-2.31, p=0.065) and 5-min Apgar score (adjusted OR per unit decrease 1.30, 95% CI 1.12-1.50, p<0.001). None of these associations were mediated by childhood IQ score. Most associations persisted, but were less strong, when including suspected symptoms as part of the outcome. There was no association between PLIKS and gestational age or pre-eclampsia. Conclusions. Adverse events during early development may lead to an increased risk of developing PLIKS. Although the status of PLIKS in relation to clinical disorders such as schizophrenia is not clear, the similarity between these results and findings reported for schizophrenia indicates that future studies of PLIKS may help us to understand how psychotic experiences and clinical disorders develop throughout the life-course. © 2009 Cambridge University Press. ER  - 
A review of the use of zonisamide in Parkinson's disease$$$ Although zonisamide was previously only used to treat epilepsy, recently more applications have been forthcoming. Due to a good side effect profile, a lower frequency of interactions and a more comfortable posology, there are several studies regarding its uses in other pathologies such as migraine, neuropathic pain, essential tremor and various psychiatric diseases. A multicentered, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study conducted in Japan suggested that zonisamide, as an add-on treatment, has efficacy in treating motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease. In addition, other studies support the utility of zonisamide in other symptoms of this disease. The therapeutic doses of zonisamide for the treatment of Parkinson's disease are considerably lower than those for the treatment of epilepsy. This antiepileptic drug has been used in Japan for more than 15 years and so it is expected that it will be safe and well tolerated in patients with Parkinson's disease. However, the pharmacological mechanisms of the antiparkinsonian actions of zonisamide remain unclear and more basic investigation is warranted. The aim of this paper is to review the structure, mechanisms of action, pharmacokinetics and antiparkinsonian action of zonisamide. ER  - 
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of every-3-week darbepoetin alfa 300 micrograms for treatment of chemotherapy-induced anemia$$$ Objective: Darbepoetin alfa is effective in treating chemotherapy-induced anemia (CIA). Administration of subcutaneous darbe-poetin alfa every 3 weeks (Q3W) could simplify treatment through synchronization with common Q3W chemotherapy regimens. We report results from a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of fixed-dose Q3W darbepoetin alfa in patients with a wide variety of tumor types who experienced CIA. Research design and methods: Patients aged < 18 years with anemia (hemoglobin <11 g/dL) being treated for nonmyeloid malignancy were randomized 1:1 to receive darbepoetin alfa 300 mg(n = 193) or placebo (n = 193) subcutaneously Q3W from weeks 1 to 13 in this 16-week study. Doses could be adjusted per prespecified rules. Main outcome measures: The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients who received ≥1 red blood cell (RBC) transfusion between week 5 and the end of the treatment period (EOTP). The study also analyzed the proportions of patients achieving a hemoglobin concentration ≥11 g/dL and subsequently maintaining hemoglobin levels above 11 g/dL, and the change in hemoglobin concentration over time. Results: The proportion of patients requiring RBC transfusions between week 5 and EOTP was significantly lower in the darbepoetin alfa-treated group than in the placebo-treated group (24 vs. 41% of patients, a 16.3% difference, p < 0.001). There were no differences between the two treatment arms in quality-of- life measures. Cardiovascular/thromboembolic adverse events were uncommon and were not associated with increases in hemoglobin levels. Study limitations suggest caution in the interpretation of these results: transfusions, the primary end-point, were recommended but not required if hemoglobin concentrations were ≤8.0 g/dL, and protocol deviations (primarily dosing errors) occurred in approximately one-half of the patients in both treatment groups. Conclusions: In this study, fixed-dose Q3W darbepoetin alfa appeared to be well-tolerated and effective for the treatment of CIA. Trial Registration: Study 20030232; ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00110955. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of propofol or etomidate on QT interval during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Because patients with major depression have an altered autonomic nervous system activity, the risk of arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death may be increased. In addition, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) may cause an acute rise in QT dispersion, which may predispose to arrhythmias. In this study, we investigated the effects of propofol or etomidate on the corrected QT (QTc) interval during ECT in patients with major depression. MATERIALS AND Methods: Fourteen unpremedicated American Society of Anesthesiologists I patients, each scheduled for 6 ECT sessions for major depression, were included in a prospective, randomized crossover study. The patients randomly received either 1-mg/kg propofol (propofol group) or 0.2-mg/kg etomidate (etomidate group). The mean arterial pressure (MAP), heart rate (HR), and electrocardiogram were recorded before anesthetic induction, 0 and 1 minute after the seizure ended, and 3 and 10 minutes after the seizure ended (T3 and T4, respectively). Results: In the propofol group, the QTc interval was shorter than the baseline at 0 minute after the seizure ended. The QTc interval increased from the baseline at T3 and T4 in the etomidate group. In the etomidate group, the QTc interval was longer at T3 and T4 than that in the propofol group (P < 0.05). In the etomidate group, the HR increased at T3 and T4, but the MAP increased at all measurement times from the baseline value. The HR and the MAP were lower at T3 and T4 in the propofol group than in the etomidate group (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Propofol did not induce prolongation of the QT interval and controlled the hemodynamic response better than etomidate during ECT. Therefore, propofol may be more suitable than etomidate for ECT treatments. © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Evidence from the cochrane collaboration for traditional chinese medicine therapies$$$ Background: The Cochrane Collaboration, an international not-for-profit organization that prepares and maintains systematic reviews of randomized trials of health care therapies, has produced reviews summarizing much of the evidence on Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). Our objective was to review the evidence base according to Cochrane systematic reviews. Methods: In order to detect reviews focusing on TCM, we searched the titles and abstracts of all reviews in Issue 4, 2008 of the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews. For each review, we extracted data on the number of trials included and the total number of participants. We provided an indication of the strength of the review findings by assessing the reviewers' abstract conclusions statement. We supplemented our assessment of the abstract conclusions statements with a listing of the comparisons and outcomes showing statistically significant meta-analyses results. Results: We identified 70 Cochrane systematic reviews of TCM, primarily acupuncture (n=26) and Chinese herbal medicine (n=42), and 1 each of moxibustion and t'ai chi. Nineteen (19) of 26 acupuncture reviews and 22/42 herbal medicine reviews concluded that there was not enough good quality trial evidence to make any conclusion about the efficacy of the evaluated treatment, while the remaining 7 acupuncture and 20 herbal medicine reviews and each of the moxibustion and t'ai chi reviews indicated a suggestion of benefit, which was qualified by a caveat about the poor quality and quantity of studies. Most reviews included many distinct interventions, controls, outcomes, and populations, and a large number of different comparisons were made, each with a distinct forest plot. Conclusions: Most Cochrane systematic reviews of TCM are inconclusive, due specifically to the poor methodology and heterogeneity of the studies reviewed. Some systematic reviews provide preliminary evidence of Chinese medicine's benefits to certain patient populations, underscoring the importance and appropriateness of further research. These preliminary findings should be considered tentative and need to be confirmed with rigorous randomized controlled trials. © 2009, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Cytomegalovirus disease during severe drug eruptions: Report of 2 cases and retrospective study of 18 patients with drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome$$$ Background: Overt cytomegalovirus (CMV) disease is a serious viral infection that usually occurs in immunocompromised patients but rarely in immunocompetent patients. Cutaneous lesions, albeit rare, occur as late systemic manifestations of CMV infections and are usually fatal. Observations: We describe 2 patients with drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (one end of a spectrum of severe drug eruptions) who subsequently developed cutaneous CMV ulcers at unusual sites, such as the trunk; this occurrence was immediately followed by gastrointestinal manifestations, which were fatal in 1 patient. To identify factors predictive of CMV disease, we retrospectively investigated the prevalence of CMV reactivation during drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome in 18 patients. In this analysis, patients were divided into 2 groups depending on the positivity of CMV DNA in the blood. Conclusions: Older and male patients with antecedent high human herpesvirus 6 DNA loads are at risk for CMV disease irrespective of corticosteroid administration. A rapid reduction in white blood cell numbers is also predictive of the onset of CMV disease. ©2009 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Managing depression during hepatitis C treatment$$$ Objective: The prevalence of hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in Canada is estimated to be 1% and expected to increase during the next decade. Mental illness, particularly depression, is common among HCV-infected patients and remains an obstacle to interferon-alpha (IFN-α) treatment. We summarize the risk factors for interferon-α-induced major depressive disorder (IFN-α-MDD) in HCV patients and the evidence for antidepressant prophylaxis and symptomatic antidepressant treatment of depression. Methods: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and CINAHL for randomized controlled or quasi-experimental trials evaluating antidepressant prophylactic and symptomatic treatment approaches for depression emerging during IFN-α treatment. Manual searches of references listed in review articles, case series, and anecdotal reports supplemented our literature search. Results: A total of 9 trials involving prophylactic and symptomatic treatment approaches for IFN-α-MDD are summarized in our review. Antidepressant pretreatment is beneficial for patients with elevated baseline depressive symptoms and a preexisting history of IFN-α-MDD. Although limited evidence exists for several antidepressant agents, much of the evidence suggests that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are safe and efficacious in treating depressive symptoms secondary to IFN-α therapy. Conclusion: Both antidepressant pretreatment and symptomatic treatment are viable strategies for treating IFN-α-MDD. Improved treatment outcomes and early identification of depression during HCV treatment can be achieved using an integrated medical and mental health treatment approach. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of addictive disorders$$$ Substance use disorders are highly prevalent in the United States and cause considerable damage to our society. They are underrecognized and undertreated despite a vast body of literature demonstrating the efficacy of treatment using both psychosocial and psychopharmacological modalities. For the last decade, research and progress into the biological basis of the addictive process has led to a rapidly growing number of pharmacological agents used to interrupt the addictive process at its various stages such as the initiation of substance abuse, the transition from abuse to dependence, and the prevention of drug reinstatement or relapse. Food and Drug Administration-approved medications exist for nicotine, alcohol, and opioid use disorders, and progress is being made to develop agents for stimulant use disorders. Regarding nicotine use disorders, nicotine replacement therapies, bupropion and varenicline, have Food and Drug Administration approval, and future options exist with endocannabinoid antagonists and immune therapy. Aversive agents, opiate antagonists, and glutamate-based interventions are currently approved to treat alcohol use disorders with future promise with GABAergic, serotonergic, and endocannabinoid system agents.Opiate addiction is treated by approved agonist and antagonist μ-opioid medications with the future potential for agents that can modulate the stress systems and the iboga alkaloids. Although no pharmacotherapies are currently approved for cocaine addiction, promising lines of research include agents that affect dopaminergic, GABAergic, serotonergic, and glutamatergic systems as well as the promise for immune therapies. © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Sex Distribution and Psychiatric Features of Child and Adolescent Conversion Disorder Across 2 Decades$$$ Background: Earlier research suggested female predominance in adult conversion disorder, and the strong association between conversion disorder and experiences of being abused is well known. However, the data for child and adolescent populations are limited. In Taiwan, the dramatic increase in child abuse may have some impact on the features of child and adolescent conversion disorder. This study aimed to compare the demographic characteristics, psychiatric comorbidity, and experiences of being abused in Taiwanese children and adolescents diagnosed with conversion disorder in psychiatric consultations across 2 decades. Methods: Retrospective and consecutive chart reviews were conducted for child and adolescent patients (< 20 years old) who were newly diagnosed with conversion disorder in psychiatric consultations at Taipei Veterans General Hospital from 1987 to 2006. The first group included patients who were diagnosed between 1987 and 1996 (the first decade), and the second group included patients who were diagnosed between 1997 and 2006 (the second decade). Results: A total of 42 patients diagnosed with conversion disorder were included in this study. Nineteen of the 42 subjects were diagnosed in the first decade (from 1987 to 1996), and 23 in the second decade (from 1997 to 2006). There existed among patients a tendency toward an increasing number of male subjects (p < 0.05), suffering more abuse (p < 0.05), and higher prevalence rates of depression and dysthymia comorbidity (p < 0.05) in the second decade compared to the first. Conclusion: The sex distribution in conversion disorder might have significantly changed over the past 2 decades. There is an increasing need for screening and interventions for psychiatric comorbidity and experiences of being abused in children and adolescents with conversion disorder. Because of the small sample size of our study, further studies that include multiple study sites and a larger number of patients are needed before a firm conclusion can be drawn. © 2009 Elsevier. ER  - 
Psychopharmacological treatment for cognitive impairment in survivors of traumatic brain injury: A critical review$$$ Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a growing national health issue that commonly results in clinically significant cognitive impairments. This article reviews and evaluates the many proposed psychopharmacological treatments for TBI-related cognitive impairment. A literature review was utilized to focus on stimulant and nonstimulant dopamine enhancing agents, acetylcholinesterase inhibitors, antidepressant agents, mood stabilizers, antipsychotics, and benzodiazepines. The most consistent evidence supports the use of dopamine enhancing medications. However, other medications such as acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and antidepressant agents may help select subgroups. A need remains for well designed, sufficiently powered studies that incorporate functionally relevant neuropsychological outcome measures. Copyright © 2009 American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc. ER  - 
Catatonia: Clinical aspects and neurobiological correlates$$$ Catatonia is a neuropsychiatric syndrome that can occur due to medical or psychiatric disorder. This review synthesizes over 20 years of original research and comprehensive review articles with attention to the most recent findings. Though catatonia is common and highly treatable, there have been few research studies investigating the syndrome. Pooled case reports suggest that catatonia due to an underlying general medical condition and catatonia due to a psychiatric illness can be treated similarly and that the catatonic symptoms and the underlying illness must be addressed in both types. Benzodiazepines and ECT continue to be mainstays of treatment. Evidence is mounting for the use of NMDA antagonists in catatonia refractory to lorazepam. Copyright © 2009 American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc. ER  - 
Vagal nerve stimulator implantation: The otolaryngologist's perspective$$$ Vagal nerve stimulation (VNS) is a recognised and effective measure in treating refractory epilepsy and depression. VNS implantation is a widely accepted surgical procedure, most commonly performed by neurosurgeons. Otolaryngologists, in particular those with an interest in head and neck surgery, are very familiar with the surgical anatomy and dissection of the vagus nerve in the carotid sheath. We present a retrospective analysis of the first 12 patients to be implanted in our department. Our series suggests that otolaryngologists can safely and effectively perform VNS implantation. Otolaryngologists can assess and treat the most common post-operative complication of dysphonia and help the neurologist set the correct level of stimulation in such a way as to minimise laryngeal complications. © 2008 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Clinical issues in considering vagus nerve stimulation for treatment-resistant depression$$$ This review briefly discusses the clinical and basic science rationale for vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). As the number of treatment failures for depression increases, the likelihood of achieving remission during acute treatment decreases, and the risk of relapse increases with the number of treatment failures. Two open trials of adjunctive VNS for TRD showed positive acute results and a growing benefit over time. The results of the acute randomized controlled trial were not significant for the primary outcome (response by HRSD-24), but the secondary measure (IDS-SR-30) was significant for VNS. A 12-month nonrandomized comparative analysis of patients receiving adjunctive VNS with TRD patients receiving treatment as usual showed significant results favoring VNS. Post hoc analyses found that this difference was not accounted for baseline differences nor by intercurrent treatment. While VNS is well tolerated, the optimal dosing strategies have not been determined nor have clinically useful predictors of who will respond to the treatment. Given the profound effects of TRD upon the daily lives of patients and that a substantial number of VNS patients receive benefit, VNS is a useful option for managing patients with TRD. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antidepressant electroconvulsive therapy: Mechanism of action, recent advances and limitations$$$ A considerable number of depressive patients do not respond to or remit during pharmacotherapeutical or psychotherapeutical interventions resulting in an increasing interest in non-pharmacological strategies to treat affective disorders. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) dates back to the beginning of modern biologic psychiatry and ongoing research has successfully improved efficacy in addition to safety while reducing side effects. Double-blind, randomized, controlled trials have shown powerful interactions between electrode placement (right unilateral, bifrontal, bitemporal) and dosage (relative to seizure threshold) in the efficacy and side effects of ECT. This review aims to summarize current research data on the mechanism of action, efficacy, and recent advances in ECT technique. © 2009. ER  - 
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the prefrontal cortex in depression$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation is an interesting technique for non-invasively stimulating the brain in awake alert humans. It is a powerful research tool for examining brain behavior relationships. Additionally many researchers are investigating whether repeatedly applying TMS to specific regions over several days to weeks might have therapeutic effects. By far the largest amount of work has been done investigating whether daily applications of prefrontal TMS can improve the symptoms of major depression. We review the literature combining TMS with brain imaging, and then overview the clinical work done to date with TMS in depression. The literature to date suggests that daily prefrontal TMS for several weeks clearly has antidepressant effects, but much work remains to establish the effect sizes and improve the methods of delivery in order to improve its potential clinical utility. © 2009. ER  - 
Very early mobilisation and complications in the first 3 months after stroke: Further results from phase II of a very early rehabilitation trial (AVERT)$$$ Background: Interventions that may reduce the number and severity of potentially harmful post-stroke complications are desirable. This study explored whether very early and frequent mobilisation (VEM) affected complication type (immobility/stroke related), number and severity. Methods: Secondary analysis from phase II, randomised controlled trial. Patients admitted within 24 h of stroke, whose physiological parameters fell within set limits, were randomised to either VEM, commencing <24 h, or standard care. Complications to 3 months were recorded by a blinded assessor and classified by a neurologist. Analysis was intention to treat. Results: Seventy-one patients were recruited (standard care 33; VEM 38).There were no significant group differences in the number, type or severity of complications by 3 months, and most patients (81.6%) experienced one or more complications. Falls were common, while depression was absent. The multivariate analysis showed older age (OR 1.10, 95% CI: 1.02-1.18, p = 0.009) and longer length of stay (OR 1.18, 95% CI: 1.06-1.32, p = 0.002) were associated with experiencing an immobility-related complication. Conclusion: Interventions that promote recovery and reduce complications may consequently reduce length of stay. The larger phase III trial currently underway may shed light on whether increasing mobilisation reduces complications after stroke. © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Bupropion increases rate of smoking abstinence in smokers with schizophrenia: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trial data$$$ Aims: In patients with schizophrenia, higher rates of tobacco dependency contribute significantly to increased morbidity and mortality of various physical illnesses. However, evidence for treatment of nicotine addiction in these patients is uncertain. We performed a systematic review of the effectiveness and safety of bupropion (Zyban) for smoking cessation in schizophrenia. Method: We searched databases and conference proceedings for reports of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in all languages, comparing bupropion with placebo or with a different therapeutic control in adult smokers with schizophrenia. Eligibility and quality of RCTs were independently assessed by two reviewers. Results are synthesised using a random effects model and expressed as Risk Ratio (RR) and mean difference (MD), both with 95% confidence interval (CI). Results: 16 reports from six RCTs were included (258 participants). Smoking cessation rates after bupropion were significantly higher than placebo at the end of bupropion treatment (RR 2.56, CI 1.46 to 4.50) and at six months (RR 2.82, CI 1.04 to 7.69). Expired carbon monoxide level was significantly lower with bupropion at the end of therapy (MD -5.39ppm, CI -7.43 to -3.34ppm) but the effect was not sustained at six months (p=0.33). Positive and negative symptoms were not significantly different between bupropion and placebo group, but depressive symptoms were significantly reduced with bupropion at the end of treatment. There were no seizures reported with bupropion use. Conclusion: Our review suggests that bupropion increases the rates of smoking abstinence in smokers with schizophrenia, without jeopardising their mental state. ER  - 
Clinical features of psychogenic non-epileptic seizures in prepubertal and pubertal patients with idiopathic epilepsy$$$ A retrospective multicentre study was performed to analyse psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in prepubertal and pubertal patients with idiopathic epilepsy and to determine whether have different clinical characteristics. In this study, we reviewed 36 patients from six neurological referral centres: Department of Pediatrics, Chieti (3 patients); Department of Child Neuropsychiatry, Naples (9 patients); Department of Child Neuropsychiatry, Bologna (8 patients); Department of Neuroscience, Tor Vergata University, Rome (3 patients); Department of Pediatrics, La Sapienza University, Rome (5 patients); and Department of Pediatrics, Siena (8 patients). The population was divided according to Tanner-stages into 14 prepubertal (group I) and 22 pubertal (group II) patients. The two groups were compared on several variables examining the differences between them. The most frequent clinical manifestations in group I were unresponsive events, whereas in group II, motor events were exhibited more significantly. Mood disorders, including major depression, appeared more frequently in pubertal group, but this did not reach a significant difference. Among the psychosocial stressors, fear of rejection and need for attention were the predominant types in the prepubertal patients. The findings of this study reveal some similarities and differences between prepubertal and pubertal patients, which might help to identify predictive factors in patients affected by idiopathic epilepsy who can develop PNES. © Springer-Verlag 2009. ER  - 
Propofol versus propofol-remifentanil combination anaesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy: Effects on seizure duration and hemodynamics$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment of severe psychiatric disorders and has a favorable side effect profile. The efficacy of ECT is related to seizure duration and to the relative stimulus dosage above seizure threshold. Seizure duration of 25 seconds is considered to be the norm in modern ECT, although a definite correlation between seizure duration and clinical outcome remains to be demonstrated. Short seizures are considered negative predictors of outcome. The ideal hypnotic agent for ECT anesthesia should have a short half-life, not interfere with seizure duration and quality, and guarantee the patient's hemodynamic stability. We aimed to investigate the effects of propofol and propofol remifentanil combination to seizure duration and hemodynamic outcomes in ECT treatment. Material and method: Twenty patients diagnosed with treatment resistant major depressive disorder and schizophrenia were included in this study. Heart rate (HR), systolic arterial pressure (SAP), diastolic arterial pressure (DAP), mean arterial pressure (MAP), peripheral oxygen saturation (SpO2), and bispectral index (BIS) were measured and electroencephalograph was monitored in all patients. Patients were randomized into two groups as propofol remifentanil group (PR, n=10) and propofol group (P, n=10) in a double-blind design. Fifty ECT for each group and a total of 100 ECT were evaluated. 1 mcg/kg remifentanil infused in 30-60 second in group PR and same dose isotonic solution infused to group P. Propofol infusion applied to all patients subsequently up to BIS rate becoming 60. Succinylcholine (1 mg/kg) infusion used for muscular relaxation. All referred values (HR, SAP, DAP, MAP and SpO2) were recorded before anaesthesia and during 1, 3, 5, 7, 10th. Minutes of anesthesia. Seizure duration was measured by contraction time (i.e., duration of motor seizure) at isolated arm and seizure activity was recorded by EEG (i.e., duration of EEG seizure). Anaesthesia duration was defined as the time between BIS rate becoming 60 and reaction to verbal stimulation. Results: There was no significant difference between two groups in age, height, and weight (p>0.05). The differences in SAP, DAP, MAP, HR, and SpO2 measures before anaesthesia, before ECT, and after ECT were not significant between two groups (p>0.05). Seizure durations in isolated arms and EEG records were longer in PR group (p<0.001 for both). Mean anaesthesia period was longer in group PR (p<0.001) than grup P. Propofol doses were remarkably lower in all 5 ECT sessions in group PR (p<0.001). Conclusion: Lower doses of propofol usage during anaesthesia in ECT applications may moderate the shortening effect of propofol of seizure duration. Remifentanil did not cause a clear hemodynamic change even with lower doses of propofol. Thus remifentanil may be an augmentation choice in ECT for patients with short seizure duration. ER  - 
Zonisamide: In Parkinsons disease$$$ ▲ Zonisamide, a widely available antiepileptic drug, has been approved in Japan as adjunctive therapy with levodopa for the treatment of previously treated patients with Parkinsons disease. It is an oral 1,2-benzisoxazole-3-methanesulfonamide and is associated with increased striatal dopamine levels in animal models. ▲ In two 12-week, randomized, double-blind, multicentre trials in adult patients with inadequately controlled Parkinsons disease and receiving levodopa, zonisamide 25 mg once daily (the recommended dosage) significantly improved motor function from baseline at final assessment, as assessed by the Unified Parkinsons Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) Part III total score (primary endpoint), compared with placebo. ▲ Zonisamide 25 mg once daily as adjunctive therapy with levodopa was generally well tolerated by patients with Parkinsons disease. The overall incidence of adverse events was not significantly different between zonisamide 25 mg once daily and placebo groups in the phase IIb/III trial. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. ER  - 
Stroke rehabilitation: Strategies to enhance motor recovery$$$ Recent evidence indicates that the brain can remodel after stroke, primarily through synaptogenesis.Task-specific and repetitive exercise appear to be key factors in promoting synaptogenesis and are central elements in rehabilitation of motor weakness following stroke. Expert medical management ensures a patient is well enough to participate in rehabilitation with minimal distractions due to pain or depression. Contraint-induced motor therapy and body-weight-supported ambulation are forms of exercise that "force use" of an impaired upper extremity. Technologies now in common use include robotics, functional electrical stimulation, and, to a lesser degree, transcranial magnetic stimulation and virtual reality. The data on pharmacological interventions are mixed but encouraging; it is hoped such treatments will directly stimulate brain tissue to recovery. Mitigation of factors preventing movement, such as spasticity, might also play a role. Research evaluating these motor recovery strategies finds them generally good at the movement level but somewhat less robust when looking at functional performance. It remains unclear whether inconsistent evidence for functional improvement is a matter of poor treatment efficacy or insensitive outcome measures. Copyright © 2009 by Annual Reviews. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The underrecognized epilepsy spectrum: The effects of levetiracetam on neuropsychological functioning in relation to subclinical spike production$$$ The purpose of this prospective, open-label pilot study was to determine whether treatment with levetiracetam improves neuropsychological functioning in children and adolescents who have evidence of subclinical spike production associated with attention and learning difficulties. Six participants (mean age 9.8 years) were treated with levetiracetam up to 40 mg/kg per day and evaluated using neuropsychological (Wide Range Assessment of Memory and Learning, Second Edition), academic (Wechsler Individual Achievement Test, Second Edition, Abbreviated), and electroencephalographic assessments at baseline and after 10 weeks of treatment. Statistically significant improvements on indexes of the Wide Range Assessment of Memory and Learning, Second Edition were observed in 4 participants after 10 weeks. No statistically significant differences were observed for the Wechsler Individual Achievement Test, Second Edition, Abbreviated. Concomitant spike suppression was observed. Levetiracetam was generally well tolerated. A subset of patients exists with attention and learning problems that have associated aberrant cortical electrical activity without clinical seizures and associated neuropsychological deficits that may improve after treatment with levetiracetam. ER  - 
Mood stabilisers in the management of bipolar disorder$$$ In the third of this series on the major psychiatric drug groups, the author discusses the choice and use of mood stabilisers in the management of bipolar affective disorder. Pharmacology, interactions and side-effects, as well as information to give to patients are described. ER  - 
Diacetylmorphine versus methadone for the treatment of opioid addiction$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies in Europe have suggested that injectable diacetylmorphine, the active ingredient in heroin, can be an effective adjunctive treatment for chronic, relapsing opioid dependence. METHODS: In an open-label, phase 3, randomized, controlled trial in Canada, we compared injectable diacetylmorphine with oral methadone maintenance therapy in patients with opioid dependence that was refractory to treatment. Long-term users of injectable heroin who had not benefited from at least two previous attempts at treatment for addiction (including at least one methadone treatment) were randomly assigned to receive methadone (111 patients) or diacetylmorphine (115 patients). The primary outcomes, assessed at 12 months, were retention in addiction treatment or drug-free status and a reduction in illicit-drug use or other illegal activity according to the European Addiction Severity Index. RESULTS: The primary outcomes were determined in 95.2% of the participants. On the basis of an intention-to-treat analysis, the rate of retention in addiction treatment in the diacetylmorphine group was 87.8%, as compared with 54.1% in the methadone group (rate ratio for retention, 1.62; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.35 to 1.95; P<0.001). The reduction in rates of illicit-drug use or other illegal activity was 67.0% in the diacetylmorphine group and 47.7% in the methadone group (rate ratio, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.11 to 1.77; P = 0.004). The most common serious adverse events associated with diacetylmorphine injections were overdoses (in 10 patients) and seizures (in 6 patients). CONCLUSIONS: Injectable diacetylmorphine was more effective than oral methadone. Because of a risk of overdoses and seizures, diacetylmorphine maintenance therapy should be delivered in settings where prompt medical intervention is available. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00175357.) Copyright © 2009 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Management of malignant Melanoma: Best practices$$$ Background: Melanoma is a commonly occurring cancer in Canada, with an estimated age-standardized incidence of 10 to 13 per 100,000. An estimated 4,300 new cases were diagnosed, and there were 880 reported deaths in 2005. Objective and Conclusion: The Canadian Expert Panel on Malignant Melanoma has developed best practices to improve the management of malignant melanoma. Sections include recommendations on primary diagnosis, dermatopathologic assessment, and reporting; use of preoperative lymphoscintigraphy and an intraoperative gamma probe to map and biopsy the sentinel lymph node; indications for surgical resection, sentinel node biopsy, and surgery for advanced disease; use of interferon-α adjuvant therapy and treatment options for stage IV disease; and management of central nervous system metastases. © 2009 Canadian Dermatology Association. ER  - 
Thrombocytopenia in early alcohol withdrawal is associated with development of delirium tremens or seizures$$$ Aims: In several studies, possible risk factors/predictors for severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS), i.e. delirium tremens (DT) and/or seizures, have been investigated. We have recently observed that low blood platelet count could be such a risk factor/predictor. We therefore investigated whether such an association could be found using a large number of alcohol-dependent individuals (n = 334). Methods: This study is a retrospectively conducted cohort study based on data from female and male patients (>20 years of age), consecutively admitted to an alcohol treatment unit. The individuals had to fulfil the discharge diagnoses alcohol dependence and alcohol withdrawal syndrome according to DSM-IV. Results: During the treatment period, 3% of the patients developed DT, 2% seizures and none had co-occurrence of both conditions. Among those with DT, a higher proportion had thrombocytopenia. Those with seizures had lower blood platelet count and a higher proportion of them had thrombocytopenia. The sensitivity and specificity of thrombocytopenia for the development of DT during the treatment period was 70% and 69%, respectively. The positive predictive value (PPV) was 6% and the negative predictive value (NPV) was 99%. For the development of seizures, the figure for sensitivity was 75% and for specificity 69%. The figures for PPV and NPV were similar as those for the development of DT. Conclusions: Thrombocytopenia is more frequent in patients who develop severe AWS (DT or seizures). The findings, including the high NPV of thrombocytopenia, must be interpreted with caution due to the small number of patients who developed AWS. Further studies replicating the present finding are therefore needed before the clinical usefulness can be considered. © The Author 2009. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Medical Council on Alcohol. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Disproportionately high rate of epileptic seizure in patients abusing dextropropoxyphene dextropropoxyphene$$$ Dextropropoxyphene (DPP), a weak opioid, is often abused as a psychoactive substance. In this retrospective chart review to document, characterize and put in perspective the often-obtained history of epileptic seizures in patients with DPP abuse, we analyzed the case files of all patients with DPP abuse registered in our center (a tertiary-care drug de-addiction clinic in north India) from May 1, 2001 until April 30, 2007 and those with use of other opioids during the same period. Non-drug-related seizures were excluded from analysis. Out of 312 patients with DPP abuse, 63 (20.2) had epileptic seizures related to DPP use, in contrast to 0.4 4.2 of other opioid users. The seizures were mostly characterized as generalized tonic-clonic seizures (87.3), occurring around two hours following a higher-than-usual dose of DPP. Those with seizures had significantly greater duration of DPP use and higher rates of medical comorbidity compared to patients without seizure. Age, duration of use and medical comorbidity were better predictors of seizure than dosage of drug or use of multiple drugs. Thus, DPP-induced epileptic seizures are common (one in five), and much more frequent than seizures in patients using other opioids. The awareness of this phenomenon has implications for diagnosis and management, as well as for drug regulation policy. © 2009 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Rituximab in systemic lupus erythematosus A systematic review of off-label use in 188 cases$$$ The complexity of the therapeutic approach in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is increased by the large number of patients who do not respond to the first-line therapies and by relapses after initial clinical remission. In these patients, second-line drugs are often prescribed according to individual clinical decisions. The emergence of biological therapies has increased the therapeutic armamentarium available in these complex situations, but their use is limited by the lack of licensing. Available data on the use of rituximab in SLE rely on a large number of case reports and some observational studies. We analyzed current evidence on the therapeutic use of rituximab in adult SLE patients by a systematic review of reports included in the PubMed database between 2002 and 2007. A total of 188 SLE patients treated with rituximab were identified; 171 (91%) patients showed a significant improvement in one or more of the systemic SLE manifestations. There were 103 patients with lupus nephritis, with an overall rate of therapeutic response of renal involvement of 91%. Adverse events were reported in 44 (23%) patients; the most frequent were infections (19%). Although it is not yet possible to make definite recommendations, the global analysis of all cases reported to date support the off-label use of rituximab in severe, refractory SLE cases, whereas its use as a first-line therapy or in patients with a predominantly mild form of the disease is not advised. © The Author(s), 2009. ER  - 
Huntington Disease and Other Choreas$$$ Chorea is defined as a syndrome characterized by brief, abrupt involuntary movements resulting from a continuous flow of random muscle contractions. There are genetic and non-genetic causes of chorea. The most common genetic cause of chorea is Huntington's disease (HD). Non-genetic forms of chorea include vascular choreas, auto-immune choreas, metabolic and toxic choreas, and drug-induced choreas. This chapter provides an overview of clinical features, pathogenesis and management of HD, other important genetic causes of chorea, Sydenham's chorea, other autoimmune choreas and vascular choreas. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Surgical Treatment of Movement Disorders$$$ Surgical approaches are an important consideration in the management of many movement disorders, particularly for patients refractory to medications. In this article, we review the history, pathophysiology, risks and indications for surgical treatment. Summaries of case studies, case series and clinical trials performed using deep brain stimulation are provided for Parkinson's disease, dystonia, essential tremor and other movement disorders. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Organising a clinical service for patients with pelvic floor disorders$$$ The evolution of the multidisciplinary approach to the management of chronic conditions is a reflection of how medicine has evolved from a singular to a plural effort recognising the complex causations and consequences of such disorders. This thinking should not be confined to tertiary centres alone and should be adapted where local expertise is available. Such an approach is especially important in pelvic floor disorders, where the correlation between structure and function is not always straightforward. There is a need to avoid over-investigation by accurate clinical assessment allied to tailored investigation, leading to a step-wise approach to treatment (which may include behavioural, physiotherapy, medical or surgical management). The algorithms here on faecal incontinence, obstetric trauma, pelvic floor prolapse and chronic pelvic pain attempt to provide such a logical approach to patients. Crown Copyright © 2009. ER  - 
Model-based approaches to increase efficiency of drug development in schizophrenia: A can't miss opportunity$$$ Background: Schizophrenia is a severe mental disorder characterized by definite specificities and complexities (heterogeneity of the disease symptoms, large between-subject variability in disease progression and response to therapeutic agents, placebo response, dropout, questionable preclinical models, importance of market differentiation, etc.) that make drug development in this field particularly difficult when compared to the other therapeutic areas. However, drug receptor binding (especially to D2, 5-HT2 and H1 receptors) can provide a useful quantitative framework that can be related to the downstream clinical (amelioration of disease-related scores) and unwanted (neurological effects and metabolic disregulation) effects. Objective: This paper reviews the pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic and disease progression approaches applied to the development of new drugs for the treatment of schizophrenia. Conclusions: Only model-based methodologies, able to integrate the diverse characteristics of a compound, can provide a rational approach to increase efficiency in drug development in this area, through the development of pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamics models able to integrate quantitative descriptions of pharmacokinetics, desired and unwanted effects. These holistic approaches can be used in clinical trial simulations for reliably predicting the outcome of future trials. Meta-analyses of the competitor environment are also essential to position the new drug into a crowded competitive landscape. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Oral antipsychotics for the treatment of schizophrenia: Heterogeneity in efficacy and tolerability should drive decision-making$$$ Background: Antipsychotic medications are conventionally divided into two groups: First-generation and second-generation antipsychotics (FGAs and SGAs). There is a disagreement about the role of these two groups in the treatment of schizophrenia. Objective: To analyze the reasons for the disagreement and to propose a resolution that would improve the treatment of schizophrenia. Method: An overview of individual SGAs and several FGAs involved in the current disagreement is presented. Effectiveness studies that contributed to the SGAs versus FGAs disagreement are assessed, and meta-analyses of SGAs and FGAs are reviewed. Results/conclusions: Efficacy variations within SGAs and FGAs result in overlaps between the two groups. Regarding safety, FGAs elicit more extrapyramidal side effects and tardive dyskinesia as well as prolactin elevations than SGAs, whereas some SGAs tend to be associated with more weight gain and disturbances in lipid and glucose regulation than FGAs. However, there are again considerable differences between individual agents and overlaps between the two groups in terms of side effects. The classification of antipsychotics into the two groups is no longer useful. The treatment selection for an individual patient should focus on the suitability of an individual antipsychotic for that patient rather than on the group membership of the drug. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacological Management of Neuropathic Pain in Older Adults: An Update on Peripherally and Centrally Acting Agents$$$ The burden of neuropathic pain in older adults is great and the practitioner is challenged to reduce symptoms and improve quality of life. Many common neuropathic pain syndromes are more prevalent in the older population, and older adults also carry greater sensitivity to certain side effects. The health care professional should have a thorough familiarity with all medications available to treat this difficult group of disorders. © 2009 U.S. Cancer Pain Relief Committee. ER  - 
Efficacy of a combination of flumazenil and gabapentin in the treatment of alcohol dependence: Relationship to alcohol withdrawal symptoms$$$ Improved treatment of alcohol dependence is a high priority, including defining subtypes that might respond differently. We evaluated a medication combination of intravenous flumazenil (FMZ) and oral gabapentin (GBP) in alcoholics who did and did not exhibit pretreatment alcohol withdrawal (AW) symptoms. Sixty alcohol-dependent individuals (44 with low AW and 16 with high AW) were randomized to receive FMZ (2 mg of incremental bolus for 20 minutes for 2 consecutive days) and GBP (up to 1200 mg nightly for 39 days) or their inactive placebos. Alcohol withdrawal was measured for the first 2 days, and drinking, sleep parameters, and adverse events were monitored during weekly evaluations, along with behavioral counseling sessions. Percent days abstinent (PDA) during treatment and time to first heavy drinking (TFHD) day were primary outcome variables. There was an interaction between the pretreatment AW status and the medication group on PDA (P = 0.0006) and TFHD (P = 0.06). Those in the high AW group had more PDA and more TFHD if treated with active medications, whereas those in the low AW group had more PDA and more TFHD if treated with placebo. This interaction remained for those totally abstinent (P = 0.03) and was confirmed by percent carbohydrate-deficient transferrin values. In addition, the pattern of response remained up to 8 weeks after treatment. In addition, in those with high AW, greater improvement in AW symptoms was observed in the active medication group compared with the placebo group. These results suggest a differential response to FMZ/GBP treatment, depending on pretreatment AW status that should be taken into account during future treatment trials. Coyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
The use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in elderly patients$$$ Depression is common among the elderly, and several factors need to be taken into account in selecting the appropriate antidepressant in this age group. Various physiologic changes occur in individuals as they age, potentially leading to changes in the pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties of drugs in elderly individuals. The efficacy of various medications, their side-effect profiles, and the potential for drug-drug interactions may differ in older patients compared to younger ones. The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), which are seen as being among the first-line agents for treatment of depression in elderly patients, have been shown to be effective but carry with them side effects and drug-drug interactions that warrant special attention when these medications are prescribed to older individuals. This review focuses on the pharmacology of SSRIs in elderly patients and on practical issues related to using these medications. © 2009 President and Fellows of Harvard College. ER  - 
Current approaches with the glutamatergic system as targets in the treatment of neuropathic pain$$$ Glutamate is the most widely distributed and a major excitatory neurotransmitter in the CNS. It has been found to play a critical role in various physiological functions in which increased glutamate or its subsequent stimulation is thought to have a role in pathophysiological mechanism of various CNS diseases like epilepsy, stroke, depression and pain. Early attempts to develop glutamatergic antagonists failed in clinical studies due to nonselective or competitive antagonism and have a lot of safety issues like loss of cognitive functions, psychomimetic effect and sedation. Neuropathic pain can be described as pain associated with damage or permanent alteration of the peripheral or central nervous system. At present, there are very few effective therapies for neuropathic pain. The current approach includes targeting specific or alternate binding sites of glutamate receptors, resulting in reduced CNS liabilities. Targeting the glutamatergic system shows a better efficacy and fewer side effects, compared with classical drugs for the treatment of neuropathic pain. This review discusses the various targets on glutamatergic system, which includes the receptors, transporters and enzymes, for the treatment of neuropathic pain and their advantages over classical glutamatergic antagonists. The review also highlights the newer drugs in clinical trials for neuropathic pain. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Obsessive-compulsive disorder: Diagnosis and management$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder is an illness that can cause marked distress and disability. It often goes unrecognized and is undertreated. Primary care physicians should be familiar with the various ways obsessive-compulsive disorder can present and should be able to recognize clues to the presence of obsessions or compulsions. Proper diagnosis and education about the nature of the disorder are important first steps in recovery. Treatment is rarely curative, but patients can have significant improvement in symptoms. Recommended first-line therapy is cognitive behavior therapy with exposure and response prevention or a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. The medication doses required for treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder are often higher than those for other indications, and the length of time to response is typically longer. There are a variety of options for treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder, including augmentation of a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor with an atypical antipsychotic. Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a chronic condition with a high rate of relapse. Discontinuation of treatment should be undertaken with caution. Patients should be closely monitored for comorbid depression and suicidal ideation. Copyright © 2009 American Academy of Family Physicians. ER  - 
Strategy of surgery and radiation therapy for brain metastases$$$ Cancer patients with brain metastases have poor prognoses and their median survival time is about 1 year. Surgery with whole-brain radiation therapy (WBRT) has been used in the treatment of single brain metastasis measuring 3 cm or more. Stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) including the use of the Gamma knife and Cyberknife is widely used for the treatment of small and multiple brain metastases; however, recent clinical studies have revealed that SRS + WBRT is superior to WBRT or SRS alone in terms of survival time and local tumor control rates. Here, surgical indications and the strategy of surgery and radiation therapy are discussed, based on many clinical trials of treatments for brain metastases. To improve the survival rate and quality of life for these cancer patients with brain metastases, it is necessary to choose the most suitable mode of surgery and radiotherapy with the close cooperation of physicians, surgeons, radiologists, and neurosurgeons, based on accumulated evidence. © 2009 Japan Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
A naturalistic study of high-dose clozapine treatment in refractory schizophrenia using a within-subject design$$$ Objective : Clozapine is the treatment of choice for treatment-resistant schizophrenia. However, some patients with clozapine treatment at the typical recommended dosage (300-600 mg/day) continue to experience significant symptoms. This naturalistic follow-up study evaluated the efficacy and safety of clozapine at a higher than typical dose in patients with refractory schizophrenia. Methods : Thirteen of 19 subjects with refractory schizophrenia completed this prospective, open-label trial. The primary efficacy measure was the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale for Schizophrenia (PANSS), and safety measures included the Simpson Angus Rating Scale (SAS) and recording of adverse events. Repeated measures ANOVA was used to evaluate whether a higher dose of clozapine resulted in further symptom improvement. Results : No improvement was found in overall psychopathology, except for PANSS general psychopathology scores, when going from 600 mg/day to the higher dose of clozapine, although the higher dose was well tolerated. Conclusion : This open study suggests that clozapine at a higher dosage does not improve overall symptoms more than 600 mg/day, although has comparable tolerability. Augmentation or determination of other possible factors related to refractoriness should be considered to improve symptoms in cases in which typical dosage clozapine does not fully elicit a response. The results of this study must be confirmed with a larger sample size and controlled trials in the near future. Copyright © 2009 Korean College of Neuropsychopharmacology. ER  - 
The management of syncope in older adults$$$ Syncope is a frequent symptom in older patients. The diagnostic and therapeutic management may be complex, particularly in older adults with syncope and comorbidities or cognitive impairment. Morbidity related to syncope is more common in older persons and ranges from loss of confidence, depressive illness and fear of falling, to fractures and consequent institutionalization. Moreover, advanced age is associated with short and long-term morbidity and mortality after syncope. A standardized approach may obtain a definite diagnosis in more than 90% of the older patients with syncope and may reduce diagnostic tools and hospitalizations. The initial evaluation, including anamnesis, medical examination, orthostatic hypotension test and electrocardiogram (ECG), may be more difficult in the elderly, specially for the limited value of medical history, particularly for the certain diagnosis of neuro-mediated syncope. For this reason neuroautonomic assessment is an essential step to confirm a suspect of neuromediated syncope. Orthostatic blood pressure measurement, head up tilt test, carotid sinus massage and insertable cardiac monitor are safe and useful investigations, particularly in older patients. The most common causes of syncope in the older adults are orthostatic hypotension, carotid sinus hypersensitivity, neuromediated syncope and cardiac arrhythmias. The diagnostic evaluation and the treatment of cardiac syncope are similar in older and young patients and for this reason will not be discussed. In older patients unexplained falls could be related to syncope, particularly in patients with retrograde amnesia. There are no consistent differences in the treatment of syncope between older and younger population, but a specific approach is necessary for orthostatic hypotension, drug therapy and pacemaker implantation. ER  - 
A multicenter, outpatient, open-label study to evaluate the dosing, effectiveness, and safety of topiramate as monotherapy in the treatment of epilepsy in clinical practice$$$ This 24-week, multicenter, open-label trial was designed to evaluate the dosing, effectiveness, and safety of topiramate monotherapy for epilepsy and to identify patient and clinical characteristics predictive of optimally effective stabilized monotherapy doses. Of 406 randomized patients, 244 comprised the evaluable-for-efficacy population (≥12 weeks of treatment and stabilized topiramate dose during final 28 days); 213 were on topiramate monotherapy at the end of the trial. The mean stabilized daily dose of topiramate over the last 28 days of treatment (primary endpoint) was significantly lower for patients reporting one to three seizures (low seizure frequency, n = 147) than for those reporting more than three seizures (high seizure frequency, n = 66) during a 3-month retrospective baseline period (191 mg vs 239 mg, P = 0.003). Patients in the low-seizure-frequency group reached a stable topiramate dose after a median of 36 days, compared with 53 days for patients in the high-seizure-frequency group. Linear and stepwise regression analyses showed baseline seizure frequency and lifetime seizure count to be significant (P < 0.05) predictors of the stabilized dosage. Most treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were mild to moderate; those occurring with cumulative incidence rates >10% in either seizure frequency group were paresthesia, fatigue, anorexia, dizziness, somnolence, headache, and hypoesthesia; 18.2% of patients discontinued topiramate because of a TEAE, 5.1% reported serious TEAEs, and no deaths were reported during the study. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Suicidality in patients treated with antiepileptic drugs$$$ Background: Based on a meta-analysis of placebocontrolled studies with eleven antiepileptic drugs (AED), the US FDA issued a warning for healthcare professionals on suicidality and AED. Objectives: To study the association between use of AED and the risk of suicide in patients with epilepsy, depression, bipolar affective disorders (BD), patients treated with AED, and their combinations. Methods: We performed the study in the THIN database (UK). We identified patients with epilepsy, depression, BD and users of AED. Cases included suicides and attempted suicides, including intentional self-inflicted injuriesl. We defined completed suicide as an episode coded as suicide followed by the coded death of the patient in the following month. We performed a nested case control study of suicidality. We calculated adjusted odds ratios (OR) to measure the relative risk and control for risk factors that could act as potential confounders using a logistic regression model. Results: Current AED did not increase the risk of completed suicide (OR 0.98; 95% CI 0.44-2.21), but increased the risk of suicidality, (OR-1.57; 95% CI 1.26-1.95). This increase in the risk associated with AED was seen only when AED were used in patients not diagnosed with epilepsy, depression or BD (OR 2.58; 95% CI 1.78-3.74), or patients with depression without epilepsy or BD (OR 2.85; 95% CI 1.82-4.47). Conclusions: AED use seems to add little or no risk to the probability of committing suicide to that of the background disease. AED did not increase the risk of suicidality in patients receiving AED for their approved indication (epilepsy) and BD. There was an increased risk of suicidality in patients receiving AED with depression or other non stated indications. The individual contributions inherent to the background condition and AED remain to be ascertained. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of aripiprazole in the treatment of bipolar disorder: A systematic review$$$ Background: The current article is a systematic review concerning the efficacy and safety of aripiprazole in the treatment of bipolar disorder. Methods: A systematic Medline and repositories search concerning the usefulness of aripiprazole in bipolar disorder was performed, with the combination of the words 'aripiprazole' and 'bipolar'. Results: The search returned 184 articles and was last updated on 15 April 2009. An additional search included repositories of clinical trials and previous systematic reviews specifically in order to trace unpublished trials. There were seven placebo-controlled randomised controlled trials (RCTs), six with comparator studies and one with add-on studies. They assessed the usefulness of aripiprazole in acute mania, acute bipolar depression and during the maintenance phase in comparison to placebo, lithium or haloperidol. Conclusion: Aripiprazole appears effective for the treatment and prophylaxis against mania. The data on bipolar depression are so far negative, however there is a need for further study at lower dosages. The most frequent adverse effects are extrapyramidal signs and symptoms, especially akathisia, without any significant weight gain, hyperprolactinaemia or laboratory test changes. © 2009 Fountoulakis and Vieta; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency: Lessons from mice and men$$$ Succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase (SSADH) deficiency, a disorder of GABA degradation with subsequent elevations in brain GABA and GHB, is a neurometabolic disorder with intellectual disability, epilepsy, hypotonia, ataxia, sleep disorders, and psychiatric disturbances. Neuroimaging reveals increased T2-weighted MRI signal usually affecting the globus pallidus, cerebellar dentate nucleus, and subthalamic nucleus, and often cerebral and cerebellar atrophy. EEG abnormalities are usually generalized spike-wave, consistent with a predilection for generalized epilepsy. The murine phenotype is characterized by failure-to-thrive, progressive ataxia, and a transition from generalized absence to tonic-clonic to ultimately fatal convulsive status epilepticus. Binding and electrophysiological studies demonstrate use-dependent downregulation of GABA(A) and (B) receptors in the mutant mouse. Translational human studies similarly reveal downregulation of GABAergic activity in patients, utilizing flumazenil-PET and transcranial magnetic stimulation for GABA(A) and (B) activity, respectively. Sleep studies reveal decreased stage REM with prolonged REM latencies and diminished percentage of stage REM. An ad libitum ketogenic diet was reported as effective in the mouse model, with unclear applicability to the human condition. Acute application of SGS-742, a GABA(B) antagonist, leads to improvement in epileptiform activity on electrocorticography. Promising mouse data using compounds available for clinical use, including taurine and SGS-742, form the framework for human trials. © Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2009. ER  - 
Modern antifungal therapy for neutropenic fever$$$ Empirical antifungal therapy has been shown to decrease the number of documented fungal infections in the setting of persistent fever during neutropenia. For decades, amphotericin B deoxycholate has been considered the agent of choice for first-line therapy in this setting. New antifungal agents associated with less toxicity, including the lipid formulations of amphotericin, voriconazole, and caspofungin, are now available and are considered to be suitable alternative first-line agents. In order to ensure appropriate therapy, however, the clinician must consider not only the differences between these antifungals but also patient-specific factors before initiating treatment. © Current Medicine Group LLC 2009. ER  - 
Safety and feasibility of switching from phenytoin to levetiracetam monotherapy for glioma-related seizure control following craniotomy: A randomized phase II pilot study$$$ Seizures are common in patients with gliomas, and phenytoin (PHT) is frequently used to control tumor-related seizures. PHT, however, has many undesirable side effects (SEs) and drug interactions with glioma chemotherapy. Levetiracetam (LEV) is a newer antiepileptic drug (AED) with fewer SEs and essentially no drug interactions. We performed a pilot study testing the safety and feasibility of switching patients from PHT to LEV monotherapy for postoperative control of glioma-related seizures. Over a 13-month period, 29 patients were randomized in a 2:1 ratio to initiate LEV therapy within 24 h of surgery or to continue PHT therapy. 6 month follow-up data were available for 15 patients taking LEV and for 8 patients taking PHT. In the LEV group, 13 patients (87%) were seizure-free. In the PHT group, 6 patients (75%) were seizure-free. Reported SEs at 6 months was as follows (%LEV/%PHT group): dizziness (0/ 14), difficulty with coordination (0/29), depression (7/14) lack of energy or strength (20/43), insomnia (40/43), mood instability (7/0). The pilot data presented here suggest that it is safe to switch patients from PHT to LEV monotherapy following craniotomy for supratentorial glioma. A large-scale, double-blinded, randomized control trial of LEV versus PHT is required to determine seizure control equivalence and better assess differences in SEs. © The Author(s) 2009. ER  - 
Nifurtimox-eflornithine combination therapy for second-stage African Trypanosoma brucei gambiense trypanosomiasis: a multicentre, randomised, phase III, non-inferiority trial$$$ Background: Human African trypanosomiasis (HAT; sleeping sickness) caused by Trypanosoma brucei gambiense is a fatal disease. Current treatment options for patients with second-stage disease are toxic, ineffective, or impractical. We assessed the efficacy and safety of nifurtimox-eflornithine combination therapy (NECT) for second-stage disease compared with the standard eflornithine regimen. Methods: A multicentre, randomised, open-label, active control, phase III, non-inferiority trial was done at four HAT treatment centres in the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Patients aged 15 years or older with confirmed second-stage T b gambiense infection were randomly assigned by computer-generated randomisation sequence to receive intravenous eflornithine (400 mg/kg per day, every 6 h; n=144) for 14 days or intravenous eflornithine (400 mg/kg per day, every 12 h) for 7 days with oral nifurtimox (15 mg/kg per day, every 8 h) for 10 days (NECT; n=143). The primary endpoint was cure (defined as absence of trypanosomes in body fluids and a leucocyte count ≤20 cells per μL) 18 months after treatment. Efficacy analyses were done in the intention-to-treat (ITT), modified ITT, and per-protocol (PP) populations. The non-inferiority margin for the difference in cure rates was defined as 10%. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00146627. Findings: One patient from the eflornithine group absconded after receiving the first dose, without any type of assessment done, and was excluded from all analyses. In the ITT population, 131 (91·6%) of 143 patients assigned to eflornithine and 138 (96·5%) of 143 patients assigned to NECT were cured at 18 months (difference -4·9%, one-sided 95% CI -0·3; p<0·0001). In the PP population, 122 (91·7%) of 133 patients in the eflornithine group and 129 (97·7%) of 132 in the NECT group were cured at 18 months (difference -6·0%, one-sided 95% CI -1·5; p<0·0001). Drug-related adverse events were frequent in both groups; 41 (28·7%) patients in the eflornithine group and 20 (14·0%) in the NECT group had major (grade 3 or 4) reactions, which resulted in temporary treatment interruption in nine and one patients, respectively. The most common major adverse events were fever (n=18), seizures (n=6), and infections (n=5) in the eflornithine group, and fever (n=7), seizures (n=6), and confusion (n=2) in the NECT group. There were four deaths, which were regarded as related to study drug (eflornithine, n=3; NECT, n=1). Interpretation: The efficacy of NECT is non-inferior to that of eflornithine monotherapy. Since this combination treatment also presents safety advantages, is easier to administer (ie, infusion every 12 h for 7 days vs every 6 h for 14 days), and potentially protective against the emergence of resistant parasites, it is suitable for first-line use in HAT control programmes. Funding: Médecins Sans Frontières (Dutch section), Médecins Sans Frontières International, and the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Contrave™: Novel treatment for obesity$$$ The development of novel pharmacological agents capable of aiding weight loss is urgently required to help combat the global epidemic of obesity. Contrave™ is a fixed-dose combination of bupropion sustained release and naltrexone sustained release that is currently being examined in Phase III clinical trials as a potential new pharmacological treatment for obesity. Bupropion, a nonselective dopamine- and norepinephrine-reuptake inhibitor, is believed to reduce weight by stimulating hypothalamic proopiomelanocortin neurons, which in turn act to reduce appetite and increase energy expenditure, a mechanism that is inhibited by β-endorphin. Naltrexone, a μ-opioid receptor antagonist, acts in a synergistic manner with bupropion to induce weight loss, by blocking the β-endorphin-mediated inhibition of the proopiomelanocortin neuron. Preliminary results from ongoing Phase III clinical studies have recently reported that Contrave is both safe and efficacious as a pharmacological treatment for obesity, providing a potentially novel therapeutic strategy for its treatment. However, further rigorous clinical testing in nonselected patient populations will be required before this novel treatment strategy enters clinical use. © 2009 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Anticonvulsants in bipolar disorders: Current research and practice and future directions$$$ Objectives: To determine the clinical effectiveness of drugs with anticonvulsant properties for interventions in persons with bipolar disorder and to place these findings in the context of clinicians' practices and their implications for future research to more effectively manage bipolar disorders. Methods: Major electronic databases were searched up to February 2009 for clinical trial data, both original studies and reviews, on drugs with anticonvulsant properties studied for bipolar disorders. Results: Valproate, principally as divalproex, has strong evidence for effectiveness in mania, moderately strong evidence for benefits in prophylaxis of recovered states, and recent proof-of-concept evidence for benefits in bipolar depression. Lamotrigine has strong evidence for evidence for effectiveness in maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder, principally for benefits in depressive states. Lamotrigine has been established as ineffective in mania and has lacked efficacy in acute bipolar depression in most randomized trials. Carbamazepine has strong evidence for effectiveness in mania, but lacks adequate studies in other aspects of bipolar disorder treatment. Its adverse effect profile and pharmacokinetic interference with a wide range of drugs, including many employed in bipolar disorder, warrants limitation of use to patients who have responded inadequately to other regimens. Conclusions: Three drugs, valproate, lamotrigine, and carbamazepine, have strong evidence-based support for use in clinical states of bipolar disorder. Other anticonvulsant drugs investigated in bipolar disorder either have evidence of lack of benefits in bipolar disorder or have been inadequately studied to determine possible effectiveness. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Medicating mood with maintenance in mind: Bipolar depression pharmacotherapy$$$ Objectives: Bipolar depression is a core feature of bipolar disorder, a phase in which many patients spend the majority of time and one that confers a significant degree of burden and risk. The purpose of this paper is to briefly review the evidence base for the pharmacotherapy of bipolar depression and to discuss the recommendations for its optimal management. Methods: A detailed literature review was undertaken with aparticular emphasis on pharmacological treatment strategies for bipolar depression across the acute and maintenance phases of the illness. Electronic library and Web-based searches were performed using recognised tools (MEDLINE, PubMED, EMBASE and PsychINFO) to identify the pertinent literature. A summary of the evidence base is outlined and then distilled into broad clinical recommendations to guide the pharmacological management of bipolar depression. Results: Partitioning treatment into acute and maintenance therapy is difficult based on the paucity of current evidence. The evidence from treatment trials favours the use of lithium and lamotrigine as first-line treatment in preference to valproate, and indicates that, for acute episodes, quetiapine and olanzapine have perhaps achieved equivalence at least in terms of efficacy. However, the effectiveness of the atypical antipsychotics in maintenance therapy is constrained by the potential for significant side effects of individual agents and the lack of both long-term research data and clinical experience in treating bipolar disorder as compared to other agents. Conversely, lithium and the anticonvulsants are generally slower to effect symptomatic change, and this limits their usefulness. Conclusions: There has been a tendency for research trials of bipolar depression to differentiate the illness cross-sectionally into the acute and maintenance phases of bipolar depression; however, in clinical terms, bipolar depression invariably follows a longitudinal course in which the phases of illness are inextricably linked, and useful acute treatments are typically continued in maintenance. Therefore, when medicating mood in acute bipolar depression it is imperative to keep maintenance in mind as it is this aspect of treatment that determines long-term success. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Absence Semiologies$$$ Factors Influencing Clinical Features of Absence Seizures. Sadleir LG, Scheffer IE, Smith S, Carstensen B, Carlin J, Connolly MB, Farrell K. Epilepsia 2008;49(12):2100–2107. PURPOSE: The clinical features of absence seizures in idiopathic generalized epilepsy have been held to be syndrome-specific. This hypothesis is central to many aspects of epilepsy research yet has not been critically assessed. We examined whether specific factors such as epilepsy syndrome, age, and state determine the features of absence seizures. METHODS: Children with newly presenting absence seizures were studied using video electroencephalography (EEG) recording. We analyzed whether a child's epilepsy syndrome, age, state of arousal, and provocation influenced specific clinical features of their absence seizures: duration, eyelid movements, eye opening, and level of awareness during the seizure. RESULTS: Seizures (509) were evaluated in 70 children with the following syndromes: Childhood absence epilepsy (CAE), 37; CAE plus photoparoxysmal response (PPR), 10; juvenile absence epilepsy (JAE), 8; juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME), 6; unclassified, 9. Seizure duration was associated with epilepsy syndrome as children with JME had shorter seizures than in other syndromes, independent of age. Age independently influences level of awareness and eye opening. Arousal or provocation affected all features except level of awareness. Specific factors unique to the child independently influenced all features; the nature of these factors has not been identified. DISCUSSION: The view that the clinical features of absence seizures have syndrome-specific patterns is not supported by critical analysis. We show that confounding variables profoundly affect clinical features and that syndromes also show marked variation. Variation in clinical features of absence seizures results from a complex interaction of many factors that are likely to be genetically and environmentally determined. Childhood Absence Epilepsy: Behavioral, Cognitive, and Linguistic Comorbidities. Caplan R, Siddarth P, Stahl L, Lanphier E, Vona P, Gurbani S, Koh S, Sankar R, Shields WD. Epilepsia 2008 Nov;49(11):1838–1846. PURPOSE: Evidence for a poor psychiatric, social, and vocational adult outcome in childhood absence epilepsy (CAE) suggests long-term unmet mental health, social, and vocational needs. This cross-sectional study examined behavioral/emotional, cognitive, and linguistic comorbidities as well as their correlates in children with CAE. METHODS: Sixty-nine CAE children aged 9.6 (SD = 2.49) years and 103 age- and gender-matched normal children had semistructured psychiatric interviews, as well as cognitive and linguistic testing. Parents provided demographic, seizure-related, and behavioral information on their children through a semi-structured psychiatric interview and the child behavior checklist (CBCL). RESULTS: Compared to the normal group, 25% of the CAE children had subtle cognitive deficits, 43% linguistic difficulties, 61% a psychiatric diagnosis, particularly attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and anxiety disorders, and 30% clinically relevant CBCL broad band scores. The most frequent CBCL narrow band factor scores in the clinical/borderline range were attention and somatic complaints, followed by social and thought problems. Duration of illness, seizure frequency, and antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment were related to the severity of the cognitive, linguistic, and psychiatric comorbidities. Only 23% of the CAE subjects had intervention for these problems. CONCLUSIONS: The high rate of impaired behavior, emotions, cognition, and language and low intervention rate should alert clinicians to the need for early identification and treatment of children with CAE, particularly those with longer duration of illness, uncontrolled seizures, and AED treatment. ER  - 
Does a History of Postictal Psychosis Predict a Poor Postsurgical Seizure Outcome?$$$ Postictal Psychosis in Partial Epilepsy: A Case-Control Study. Alper K, Kuzniecky R, Carlson C, Barr WB, Vorkas CK, Patel JG, Carrelli AL, Starner K, Flom PL, Devinsky O. Ann Neurol 2008;63(5):602–610. OBJECTIVE: Divergent findings among prior studies on correlates of risk for postictal psychosis (PIP) suggest the value of a controlled study involving a relatively large number of patients. METHODS: The study population consisted of a consecutive series of 59 patients with partial epilepsy and a history of PIP, and 94 control patients with partial epilepsy and no history of PIP evaluated as inpatients with video-electroencephalography. The groups did not differ significantly regarding demographic features. Exact tests yielded a subset of variables and a tentative interpretation that were evaluated further utilizing principal components analysis and logistic regression. RESULTS: PIP was associated with extratemporal versus temporal (p = 0.036) or undetermined (p = 0.001) localization of seizure onset, bilateral interictal epileptiform activity (p = 0.017), secondary generalization (p = 0.049), and history of encephalitis (p = 0.018). Interictal slow activity was more frequently absent in control patients (p = 0.045). PIP was associated with family histories of psychiatric disorders (p = 0.007) and epilepsy (p = 0.042), which themselves were significantly intercorrelated (r 0.225; p = 0.006). Age of onset or duration of epilepsy and lateralized electroencephalographic or magnetic resonance imaging asymmetries did not differ significantly between control and PIP groups. The analysis indicated four underlying domains of risk for PIP: ambiguous/extratemporal localization, family neuropsychiatric history, abnormal interictal electroencephalographic activity, and encephalitis. Each unit increase on a simple additive scale composed of 9 dichotomous independent variables multiplied the odds ratio for PIP by 1.71 (95% confidence interval, 1.36–2.15; p < 0.0001). INTERPRETATION: PIP in partial epilepsy is associated with relatively broadly and bilaterally distributed epileptogenic networks, genetic determinants of psychiatric disorders and seizures, and encephalitis. ER  - 
Multi-center trial of baclofen for abstinence initiation in severe cocaine-dependent individuals$$$ Background: Cocaine dependence is a major public health problem for which there is no FDA-approved pharmacological treatment. Baclofen is a GABAB receptor agonist that in preclinical and early pilot clinical trials has shown promise for the treatment of cocaine dependence. The purpose of this multi-site, double-blind study, was to compare the safety and efficacy of baclofen (60 mg/day) vs placebo in an 8-week treatment of individuals with severe cocaine dependence. The primary outcome measure was subjects' self-reported cocaine use substantiated by urine benzoylecgonine (BE). Analysis of the data did not show a significant difference between the groups treated with baclofen and placebo. The current results do not support a role for 60 mg baclofen in treating cocaine dependence in the population studied. The contrast of this result to earlier, preclinical and human pilot data with baclofen may reflect the trial's focus on severe cocaine-dependent users, and/or the need for a higher baclofen dose. Baclofen's potential as a relapse prevention agent was not tested by the current design, but may be a useful target for future studies. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effectiveness of the First Antiepileptic Drug in the Treatment of Pediatric Epilepsy$$$ Most previous studies on the effectiveness of the first antiepileptic drug have dealt with adults. The present retrospective study of 520 patients was designed to investigate the interaction among efficacy, tolerability, and overall effectiveness of the first antiepileptic drug in children with newly diagnosed epilepsy. A total of 344 patients became seizure-free with the first prescribed antiepileptic drug. A lower proportion of patients with symptomatic epilepsy (60.3%) or cryptogenic epilepsy (61.5%) became seizure-free, compared with patients with idiopathic epilepsy (73.8%), and more patients with symptomatic or cryptogenic epilepsy changed their treatments owing to intolerable side effects. Most patients (95.6%) received sodium valproate (n = 234), topiramate (n = 143), or carbamazepine (n = 120). The majority of seizure-free patients required only a moderate daily dose. Patients who took carbamazepine (16.7%) or topiramate (11.9%) had a higher incidence of adverse events, necessitating a change of treatment, compared with patients treated with valproate (4.3%), and fewer of them became seizure-free. Overall, 66.2% of the patients became seizure-free with the first-ever antiepileptic drug, and most of them at a moderate dose. Moreover, tolerability was as important as efficacy in determining overall effectiveness. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Functional outcome and health-related quality of life 10 years after moderate-to-severe traumatic brain injury$$$ To describe the functional outcome and health-related quality of life (HRQL) 10 years after moderate-to-severe traumatic brain injury (TBI). Material and methods - A retrospective, population-based study of 62 survivors of working-age with moderate-to-severe TBI injured in 1995/1996, and hospitalized at the Trauma Referral Center in Eastern Norway. Functional status was measured by the Glasgow Outcome Scale-Extended (GOS-E). HRQL was assessed by the SF-36 questionnaire. Results - The mean current-age was 40.8 years. The frequency of epilepsy was 19% and the depression rate 31%. A majority had good recovery (48%) or moderate disability (44%). Employment rate was 58%. Functional and employment status were associated with initial injury severity in contrast to HRQL. Study patients had significantly lower scores in all SF-36 dimensions when compared with the general Norwegian population. Conclusion - At 10-years follow-up, our study population is still in their most productive years and affected domains should be considered in long-term follow-up and intervention programs. © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Neurological comorbidity and epilepsy: Implications for treatment$$$ Epilepsy is a chronic condition that may be associated with several other diseases. In these cases, we should consider the following points: (1) antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment may positively or negatively affect comorbid disease, (2) drugs used for treatment of co-morbid disease may influence seizure threshold, (3) AED toxicity can be affected by a comorbid condition and (4) co-administration of AEDs with drugs used for treatment of comorbid conditions can be associated with clinically relevant drug-drug interactions. In this article, we discuss problems that are usually encountered when an appropriate AED treatment has to be selected in newly diagnosed epileptic patients who also have (an)other neurological disease(s). Comorbidity of epilepsy with cerebrovascular diseases, dementias, mental retardation, attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder, brain tumours, infections of the CNS, migraine, sleep disturbances (obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome), substance abuse and multiple sclerosis is discussed. © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Eight-week, placebo-controlled, double-blind comparison of the antidepressant efficacy and tolerability of bupropion XR and venlafaxine XR$$$ The efficacy, safety and tolerability of bupropion XR and venlafaxine XR was assessed and compared with placebo in adult outpatients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Adults meeting DSM-IV criteria for MDD with a minimum Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) 17-Item total score of ĝ‰¥18 were randomized to eight weeks of double-blind treatment with either bupropion XR (150?mg/day), venlafaxine XR (75 mg/day) or placebo. At the end of the fourth week of treatment, a dosage increase to bupropion XR 300?mg/day or venlafaxine XR 150?mg/day was allowed if, in the opinion of the investigator, response was inadequate. The primary efficacy endpoint was mean change from baseline at week 8 in the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) total score last observation carried forward (LOCF). Mean changes from baseline at week 8 (LOCF) in MADRS total score were statistically significant for bupropion XR and venlafaxine XR patients compared to the placebo group: ĝ̂'16.0 for bupropion XR (P?=?0.006 vs placebo), ĝ̂'17.1 for venlafaxine XR (P?<?0.001 vs placebo) and ĝ̂'13.5 for placebo. Secondary outcomes (including CGI-S, HAM-A, MEI, Q-LES-Q-SF, responder and remitter analyses) also improved significantly for both active treatment groups compared with placebo. The most frequently reported adverse events were dry mouth and insomnia for bupropion XR, and nausea, hyperhidrosis, fatigue, and insomnia for venlafaxine XR. In this double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, bupropion XR at doses up to 300?mg/day and venlafaxine XR at doses up to 150?mg/day demonstrated comparable antidepressant efficacy. © 2009 British Association for Psychopharmacology. ER  - 
Health Maintenance Issues in Cirrhosis$$$ Caring for patients with cirrhosis requires special consideration. The role of the hepatologist is to assist the primary care physician in caring for such patients. This involves an active role in immunizations, lifestyle modifications, and providing instructions on when to go to the emergency room (ER). There are also specific recommendations geared toward the patient with cirrhosis relating to slowing down the disease process, maintaining quality of life, and improving survival. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Ocular complications of cancer therapy: A primer for the ophthalmologist treating cancer patients$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cancer patients may develop ocular complications secondary to direct or metastatic involvement with cancer, radiation exposure, or chemotherapy. As many as 1.4 million new cancer cases arise in the United States annually. RECENT FINDINGS: Chemotherapy administration remains a critical aspect of treating many cancers and offers improved prognosis and prolonged survival in many cases; however, these therapies are known to cause a wide range of toxicities. SUMMARY: Ocular side effects such as photophobia, cataracts, glaucoma, retinopathy, and other ocular toxicities have been reported following chemotherapy administration. To effectively treat cancer patients, oncologists, primary care clinicians, and ophthalmologists should be aware of the potential ophthalmic toxicities certain widely used chemotherapeutic agents and radiation therapy may pose to their patients, particularly in the setting of preexisting ocular conditions. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Depression and epilepsy: Do glucocorticoids and glutamate explain their relationship?$$$ Depression is the most common psychiatric comorbidity in people with epilepsy, but it remains underrecognized and undertreated. In addition to its negative impact on quality of life, depressive disorders are predictive of a worse response to pharmacologic and surgical treatment of seizure disorders. This phenomenon is probably an expression of a bidirectional relationship between epilepsy and depression, which in turn is indicative of common pathogenic mechanisms that are operant in the two conditions. The abnormal role of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis is one of the common pathogenic mechanisms that explains why patients with depression are at greater risk for developing epilepsy and vice versa. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Depression and neurological disorders$$$ Depression is the most common psychiatric disorder in neurological disorders such as epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, stroke, and Parkinson's disease. It is associated with reduction of quality of life, functional impairment, and higher mortality. The diagnosis of depression in neurological disorders is difficult because of the overlapping symptoms. Neurological disorders are usually associated with sleep and appetite disturbances, fatigue, apathy, and lack of concentration, which is similar to those of depression. The etiology of depression with neurological disorders is unknown, but the interaction between biological, psychosocial, and neuropathological factors could be responsible for it. Few controlled trials have been carried out to investigate the efficacy of psychotherapeutic and pharmacological interventions in this population, and it seems that they are effective in improving depression, quality of life, and survival. Studies pertaining to prevention of depression in neurological disorders are promising. ER  - 
Clinical experience of removing dentures from aerodigestive tract$$$ OBJECTIVE: A denture as an aerodigestive tract foreign body continues to present challenges to otolaryngologists. Records of patients who presented with a denture as an aerodigestive tract foreign body were retrospectively reviewed. METHODS: Records of patients treated during the last 8 years were reviewed to gather information on the age, sex, and presenting symptoms of the patient, location of the denture, radiographic findings, and endoscopic procedure required. RESULTS: Our review identified 15 patients, with the mean and median age being 59.6 and 63 years, respectively. One patient presented with a denture in the valleculae, 4 patients with a denture in the airway, and 10 patients with a denture in the hypopharynx/esophagus. Rigid endoscopy was performed to remove the dentures in most patients. An esophagotomy was required in 1 patient. CONCLUSIONS: Fixed partial dentures should be advised by dentists, especially in patients who have predisposing factors such as old age, epilepsy, mental retardation, or alcoholism. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Smoking cessation: How compelling is the evidence? A review$$$ Objectives: To provide a short review of the evidence base supporting smoking cessation interventions, including behavioral therapy and pharmacological treatment options. Methods: Published meta-analysis was mainly used supplemented with a limited literature search. Results: Effective smoking cessation consists of pharmacotherapy and behavioral support. Counseling increases abstinence rates parallel to the intensity of support. First-line pharmacological drugs for smoking cessation are nicotine replacement products (patch, gum, inhaler, nasal spray, lozenge/tablets), varenicline and bupropion SR with scientific well-documented efficacy when used for 2-3 months and mostly mild side effects. Alternative therapies such as hypnosis and acupuncture have no scientifically proven effects. Conclusions: With the most optimal drugs and counseling today a 1-year abstinence rate of approximately 25% can be expected in smoking cessation. On-going research is examining the potential effects of nicotine vaccination as relapse prevention. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Management of new-onset epilepsy in the elderly$$$ The incidence of new-onset epilepsy is high among elderly patients. Seizures can present differently to and with more subtle semiology than those in younger adults. This difference in presentation frequently poses a diagnostic challenge. Elderly patients also often have comorbidities, are usually on multiple medications that can interact, have altered medication pharmacokinetics, and tend to be particularly sensitive to adverse effects of medication. Seizures in the elderly tend, however, to respond better to antiepileptic drugs than those in younger individuals, and can often be appropriately controlled with monotherapy. After the diagnosis of epilepsy is confirmed, treatment should be started with a single medication at a low dose, with subsequent gradual upward titration until seizures are controlled. First-generation antiepileptic drugs should be avoided in the elderly in view of poor tolerability. A large trial has shown that lamotrigine and gabapentin are better tolerated than carbamazepine. In elderly patients whose seizures remain uncontrolled on antiepileptic medications, surgery can be considered if excellent results are predicted and the risks are low. © 2009 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cigarette smoking: An undertreated risk factor for cardiovascular disease$$$ Smoking and other forms of tobacco use are major risk factors for cardiovascular disease. The effect of cigarette smoking on cardiovascular health is evident even at the lowest levels of exposure. Yet, the adverse effects of smoking are reversible, with cardiovascular risk decreasing substantially within the first 2 years of smoking cessation. Significantly, the mortality from coronary heart disease is reduced more through smoking cessation than by other secondary preventive therapies such as cholesterol lowering. Smoking cessation is a highly effective way to improve cardiovascular health in smokers and extremely cost-effective. However, smoking cessation therapies are not implemented maximally if they are implemented at all, perhaps because smoking is seen as a lifestyle choice or because smokers frequently relapse, as indicated by very low long-term quit rates. Too often, healthcare professionals, including lipidologists and cardiologists, do little to address their patients' smoking status, in spite of its impact on cardiovascular health. With the advent of new therapies to treat the nicotine addiction that results from smoking and other tobacco use, it is hoped that physicians will be more proactive in encouraging and implementing smoking cessation programs for their patients, with the goal of increasing long-term quit rates, and reducing the morbidity and mortality associated with cardiovascular disease. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Valproic acid in pregnancy: How much are we endangering the embryo and fetus?$$$ Valproic acid (VPA) is a known human teratogen. Exposure in pregnancy is associated with approximately three-fold increase in the rate of major anomalies, mainly spina bifida and only rarely anencephaly (NTD), cardiac, craniofacial, skeletal and limb defects and a possible set of dysmorphic features, the "valproate syndrome" with decreased intrauterine growth. This was demonstrated by prospective and retrospective studies. There is also, mainly in the children with the "valproate syndrome", a significant increase in the rate of developmental problems, manifested by decreased verbal intelligence often with communication problems of the autistic spectrum disorder (ASD). VPA is teratogenic in most animal species tested, but the human embryo seems to be the most susceptible. A daily dose of 1000 mg or more and/or polytherapy are associated with a higher teratogenic risk. It seems that several other AEDs potentiate the teratogenic effects of VPA. Thus, when valproate cannot be avoided in pregnancy, the lowest possible effective dose should be prescribed in 2-3 divided doses, preferably as monotherapy. Women exposed to valproate in pregnancy should be given periconceptional folic acid and followed up in a high risk pregnancy clinic. Appropriate ultrasonographic and other examinations, focusing on the possible different anomalies described with this agent, should be carried out. The specific inhibition by VPA of histone deacetylase and changes in gene expression may explain the teratogenicity of this drug. Other possible explanations are: increased fetal oxidative stress induced by VPA, with the brain being more susceptible to oxidative tress in comparison to other fetal organs, or the folic acid inhibitory action of this drug. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The role of neurosteroids in the pathophysiology and treatment of catamenial epilepsy$$$ Catamenial epilepsy is a multifaceted neuroendocrine condition in which seizures are clustered around specific points in the menstrual cycle, most often around perimenstrual or periovulatory period. Generally, a twofold or greater increase in seizure frequency during a particular phase of the menstrual cycle could be considered as catamenial epilepsy. Based on this criteria, recent clinical studies indicate that catamenial epilepsy affects 31-60% of the women with epilepsy. Three types of catamenial seizures (perimenstrual, periovulatory and inadequate luteal) have been identified. However, there is no specific drug available today for catamenial epilepsy, which has not been successfully treated with conventional antiepileptic drugs. Elucidation of the pathophysiology of catamenial epilepsy is a prerequisite to develop specific targeted approaches for treatment or prevention of the disorder. Cyclical changes in the circulating levels of estrogens and progesterone play a central role in the development of catamenial epilepsy. There is emerging evidence that endogenous neurosteroids with anticonvulsant or proconvulsant effects could play a critical role in catamenial epilepsy. It is thought that perimenstrual catamenial epilepsy is associated with the withdrawal of anticonvulsant neurosteroids. Progesterone and other hormonal agents have been shown in limited trials to be moderately effective in catamenial epilepsy, but may cause endocrine side effects. Synthetic neurosteroids, which enhance the tonic GABA-A receptor function, might provide an effective approach for the catamenial epilepsy therapy without producing hormonal side effects. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Identifying depression in epilepsy in a busy clinical setting is enhanced with systematic screening$$$ Purpose: Depression is a highly prevalent, relatively underdiagnosed and undertreated comorbid condition in epilepsy. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of using a validated self-reporting depression scale on the ability to detect depression in people with epilepsy receiving care in a busy clinical setting. Methods: The Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy (NDDI-E) is a 6-item questionnaire validated to screen for depression in people with epilepsy. We performed a retrospective chart review of 192 consecutive patients who had completed the NDDI-E while receiving care at a seizure clinic in the largest public hospital in Houston, Texas. For comparison, charts of 192 consecutive patients receiving care immediately prior to the implementation of the NDDI-E in the same clinic were assessed. Results: Fifty-five (28.6%) of patients screened positive for depression with the NDDI-E. They subsequently received a semi-structured psychiatric interview based on the DSM-IV model and 89% (n = 49) were confirmed to have major depression. Use of the NDDI-E thus resulted in the detection of active depression in 25.5% (n = 49) of the patients, whereas only 2.6% (n = 5) of patients in the group not systematically screened were found to have active depression (p < 0.0001). Thirty-two of the 49 (65%) patients with depression detected by screening were not previously diagnosed or treated. Multivariate analysis revealed that a history of depression, seizure frequency, and topiramate use were independent predictors of depression. Lamotrigine use was protective against depression. Discussion: Use of the NDDI-E significantly improved the ability to detect depression in epilepsy patients in a busy clinical practice. © 2009 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Suicidality in people taking antiepileptic drugs: What is the evidence?$$$ Suicide is an important cause of premature death. In the general population, most people who commit suicide have a psychiatric problem at the time. People with epilepsy are thought to be at increased risk from suicide and suicidality (suicidal ideation or behaviour). Standardized mortality ratios estimated for suicide in people with epilepsy are usually between 3 and 5. Risk factors for suicide in people with epilepsy have been suggested, including early age of onset of seizures, temporal lobe epilepsy, severe seizures and recent control of seizures. Psychiatric co-morbidity also seems to be an important factor in people with epilepsy who commit suicide.In recent years, suicidality has been recognized as a complication of several groups of drugs and, most recently, antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have been implicated. The US FDA performed a meta-analysis of 199 placebo-controlled studies of 11 AEDs used for seizure control, psychiatric or 'other' indications. There were four completed suicides in those taking AEDs and none in those taking placebo. The odds ratio for suicidal behaviour or ideation was 1.8 (95 CI 1.24, 2.66), suggesting that people taking AEDs are more at risk than those taking placebo. The odds ratio was significantly raised for people taking AEDs for epilepsy, but not for the other indications.AEDs may affect mood by means of several mechanisms. In people with epilepsy, however, the concept of forced normalization (or alternative psychosis) may also play a part. In this situation, control of seizures (by AEDs or epilepsy surgery) may alternate with psychotic features or, less commonly, depression, although this is not fully understood.The risk of suicidal ideation and behaviour as adverse effects of AED treatment, although increased, seems low. As a result of the FDAs alert clinicians are supposed to inform patients and their families of this increased risk but it is important to place it in a proper perspective. Some people with epilepsy are more likely to develop psychiatric adverse effects with any AEDs, and these people should be followed closely whenever a new AED is introduced. Nonetheless, in people with epilepsy the risk of suicidality associated with AEDs needs to be balanced against the risk of not treating the seizures. In fact, the risk of stopping AEDs or refusing to start AEDs for the control of a seizure disorder may be significantly worse and may result in serious harm, including death of the patient. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Lithium: Updated human knowledge using an evidence-based approach: Part III: Clinical safety$$$ Lithium use in mental diseases has changed over the years but remains a cornerstone of treatment in bipolar disorders. In two companion papers, we have reviewed existing (and especially recent) data on lithium efficacy and updated basic knowledge regarding the practical fundamentals of lithium therapy. The present paper reviews safety data on lithium available to date.Gastrointestinal pain or discomfort, diarrhoea, tremor, polyuria, nocturnal urination, weight gain, oedema, flattening of affect and exacerbation of psoriasis are typical complaints of patients receiving long-term lithium therapy. Renal involvement results in a reduced urinary concentrating capacity, expressed as obligate polyuria, with secondary thirst. With long-term therapy, this may result in nephrogenic diabetes insipidus. In addition, glomerular filtration rate falls slightly in about 20 of patients. The view that only a few patients receiving long-term lithium are at increased risk of glomerular impairment and progressive renal insufficiency should be regarded with caution. The risk is increased in case of concomitant diseases or medications.Lithium treatment may inhibit thyroid hormone release and induce goitre. Consequently, the prevalence of both overt and subclinical hypothyroidism is increased, with circulating thyroid auto-antibodies frequently being found. Much less commonly, thyrotoxicosis may also develop in association with lithium therapy.Long-term lithium treatment may also be associated with persistent hyperparathyroidism and hypercalcaemia, as well as with hypermagnesaemia. Overweight of up to 410kg is found in approximately 30 of lithium-treated patients.Most neurological manifestations are benign, for example, the fine postural andor action tremor present in 420 of patients. This is increased by high caffeine consumption and concomitant use of other psychotropic agents. A number of rare, potentially serious neurological adverse effects have been reported, including extrapyramidal symptoms, 'pseudotumour cerebri' or occasionally cerebellar symptoms. Severe neurological sequelae are exceptional.Cognitive disturbances are often mentioned as a lithium-related adverse effect. The few controlled studies do show a statistically significant negative effect of lithium on memory, vigilance, reaction time and tracking. There are frequent reports of mild effects of lithium on cognition at therapeutic serum concentrations.A number of deaths associated with lithium treatment have been reported. The most serious issue is that of non-accidental overdose, i.e. either long-term overdosage or acute overdose on long-term treatment. Progressive renal insufficiency, an exceptional complication of long-term lithium therapy, may also have a fatal outcome.In relation to pregnancy, lithium salts are rated as category D (positive evidence of risk). Therefore, prescription of lithium should be avoided during the first trimester of pregnancy unless the benefit to the mother exceeds the risk to the fetus.Although lithium transfer into breast milk is well established, the long-term fate of babies breast-fed by mothers receiving lithium therapy is unknown. Whether lithium therapy is safe in breast-feeding women is controversial. Although there is no absolute contraindication, it is known that the kidney is particularly sensitive to lithium just after birth.Intoxication in patients on long-term treatment with lithium in the absence of history of acute ingestion is not rare. Contributing factors include change in daily dose, long-term high dosage, kidney disease or drug interaction. In suspected cases, serum concentrations should be obtained early and repeatedly. In addition to supportive measures, haemodialysis is the treatment of choice for severe cases.Thorough knowledge of the limitations and drawbacks of lithium therapy is mandatory for its optimal use, especially at a time when its riskbenefit profile needs to be compared accurately with that of antiepileptic drugs and other mood stabilizing medications. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mirtazapine: A review of its use in major depression and other psychiatric disorders$$$ Mirtazapine (Remeron®, Zispin®) is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA) that is approved in many counties for use in the treatment of major depression. Monotherapy with mirtazapine 15-45mg/day leads to rapid and sustained improvements in depressive symptoms in patients with major depression, including the elderly. It is as effective as other antidepressants and may have a more rapid onset of action than selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Furthermore, it may also have a higher sustained remission rate than amitriptyline. Preliminary data suggest that mirtazapine may also be effective in the treatment of anxiety disorders (including post-traumatic stress disorder, panic disorder and social anxiety disorder), obsessive-compulsive disorder, undifferentiated somatoform disorder and, as add-on therapy, in schizophrenia, although large, well designed trials are needed to confirm these findings. Mirtazapine is generally well tolerated in patients with depression. In conclusion, mirtazapine is an effective antidepressant for the treatment of major depression and also has the potential to be of use in other psychiatric indications. Pharmacological Properties The antidepressant activity of mirtazapine, an NaSSA agent, is thought to result from a combination of noradrenergic and serotonergic effects, with the latter specifically involving enhancement of serotonin 5-HT1 receptor-mediated effects. It acts as an antagonist at central α2-adrenergic autoreceptors and heteroreceptors, and postsynaptic 5-HT2 and 5-HT3 receptors. Mirtazapine has low affinity for central and peripheral dopaminergic receptors, but is a potent antagonist of histamine H1 receptors and a moderate antagonist at muscarinic receptors.Mirtazapine improves sleep efficiency and continuity, and does not suppress rapid eye movement sleep. Mirtazapine is absorbed rapidly after oral administration, with peak plasma concentrations achieved within 2 hours. Food has no clinically relevant effect on absorption. Mirtazapine displays linear pharmacokinetics over the therapeutic dosage range, and steady state is reached after ≈5 days. Mirtazapine is extensively metabolized, principally via cytochrome P450 (CYP) isoenzymes CYP3A4, CYP2D6 and CYP1A2. The elimination half-life of mirtazapine is 20-40 hours. Mirtazapine is a racemate and the enantiomers display differing pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties; both enantiomers contribute to the pharmacodynamic effects of mirtazapine. Therapeutic Efficacy A number of well designed trials have demonstrated the efficacy of mirtazapine in the treatment of patients with moderate to severe major depression. Mirtazapine was more effective than placebo at relieving the symptoms of depression in shortterm studies and effectively prevented relapse for up to 1 year. In short-term comparisons with tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) and related drugs, mirtazapine showed antidepressant efficacy similar to that of comparator agents such as amitriptyline and trazodone. The proportion of patients classified as Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) responders in comparisons with amitriptyline ranged from53%to 72%withmirtazapine and from48%to 72%with amitriptyline. Mirtazapine also had a higher sustained remission rate than amitriptyline in a longterm, double-blind continuation study. In comparisons with trazodone, HAM-D response rates were 51-61% with mirtazapine and 41-51% with trazodone. In comparisons with SSRIs over 6-24 weeks, mirtazapine showed similar antidepressant efficacy to citalopram (single study), fluoxetine, paroxetine and sertraline (single study). Overall, the proportion of patients classified as HAM-D responders at endpoint in these trials was 50-73% for mirtazapine, 45-71% for fluoxetine, 50-56% for paroxetine and 52% for sertraline (HAM-D response data not available for citalopram). Mirtazapine was as effective as venlafaxine in the treatment of hospitalized patients with severe depression withmelancholic features. In a meta-analysis comparing 12 newer-generation antidepressants, mirtazapine emerged as one of four agents deemed to have superior efficacy in the acutephase treatment of major depression. Other meta-analyses of trials comparing mirtazapine with SSRIs found that mirtazapine was associated with an earlier onset of action than SSRIs. The efficacy of mirtazapine has been demonstrated in patients treated in hospital, outpatient and primary care settings. Efficacy has been shown in elderly patients, patients who have not responded to SSRIs and in those with symptoms of anxiety or insomnia. A number of smaller trials (n < 100) have also shown promising results with mirtazapine in other psychiatric disorders, including post-stroke depression, posttraumatic stress disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety disorder, obsessivecompulsive disorder, undifferentiated somatoform disorder and (as add-on therapy) in schizophrenia. Other small studies showed promising results with mirtazapine in patients with major depression and concomitant conditions such as Parkinson's disease, cancer or fibromyalgia syndrome. Tolerability Mirtazapine was generally well tolerated in clinical trials in patients with major depression. Events occurring at a significantly higher incidence with mirtazapine than with placebo included drowsiness, excessive sedation, increased appetite, weight gain and dry mouth. The pattern of adverse events in elderly patients was similar to that in the overall population. At therapeutic doses, mirtazapine had no significant effect on blood pressure or heart rate and had a low potential for inducing seizures.Mirtazapine generally had no adverse effects on sexual function, and switching patients with SSRI-induced sexual dysfunction to mirtazapine improved sexual function. Compared with TCAs and trazodone, mirtazapine was generally associated with a lower incidence of dizziness, tremor and anticholinergic adverse events. Compared with SSRIs, mirtazapine was associated with less insomnia and nausea, but with more weight gain, dry mouth, fatigue and excessive somnolence. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of acute and remote symptomatic seizures$$$ In principle, the use of anticonvulsant drugs does not differ between acute and remote symptomatic seizures, but control of acute symptomatic seizures requires simultaneous treatment of the underlying etiology. Prevention of remote seizures when the risk is known to be high has been the subject of intense efforts at antiepileptogenesis, but the optimal duration of treatment after an injury is not yet known. Appropriate evaluation of a seizure depends on individual circumstances, but findings on examination, laboratory tests (serum electrolytes, magnesium, glucose, assessment of hepatic and renal function), and brain imaging (CT scan or MRI) are necessary to determine the most likely cause. Lumbar puncture is always required when there is suspicion of meningitis or encephalitis. Preferred medications for treatment of acute symptomatic seizures or status epilepticus are those available for intravenous use, such as benzodiazepines, fosphenytoin or phenytoin, valproate, levetiracetam, and phenobarbital. Diazepam is also available as a gel for rectal administration. Seizures that occur in patients with epilepsy because of missed antiepileptic drugs or inadequate serum levels should be treated with additional doses of their regular medications; loading doses can be administered with minimal toxicity in tolerant patients. Surgery is rarely necessary in the acute setting except for intracerebral lesions with rapidly rising intracranial pressure and impending herniation. After seizures are controlled, the provoking condition must also be determined and treated. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
New-onset partial epilepsy in adults$$$ Medical management, the mainstay of treatment for partial epilepsy, involves choosing from an array of antiseizure drugs, most of which have comparable efficacy against partial-onset seizures. Effective treatment strategies involve matching the characteristics of drug and patient to control seizures without adverse effects, a task that requires familiarity with the potential advantages and drawbacks of individual antiseizure drugs. For medically refractory partial epilepsy, resective surgical procedures should be considered. If the patient is not a surgical candidate, the vagus nerve stimulator or ketogenic diet may improve seizure control in selected cases. Emerging therapies include medications with novel mechanisms of action, deep brain stimulators, and cortical stimulators that respond to neural patterns of seizure activity. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Attention-deficit disorders and epilepsy in childhood: Incidence, causative relations and treatment possibilities$$$ At least 20% of children with epilepsy have clinical attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) compared to 3% to 7% of the general pediatric population. Several mechanisms may account for the high prevalence, such as a common genetic propensity, noradrenergic system dysregulation, subclinical epileptiform discharges, or even seizures, antiepileptic drug effects, and psychosocial factors. At the same time, children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder have a higher than normal rate of electroencephalography abnormalities (5.6-30.1% vs. 3.5%). Methylphenidate treatment is equally efficient in children with isolated attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and in children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and epilepsy (70%-77%). Electroencephalography screening in patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in the absence of other clinical indications or before starting methylphenidate treatment is not currently indicated. Methylphenidate is considered safe for use in children who are seizure-free. However, the few reports of seizure aggravation in methylphenidate-treated children with uncontrolled epilepsy have raised concern. © 2009 Sage Publications. ER  - 
Prescription of heroin for the management of heroin dependence: Current status$$$ The prescription of heroin (diamorphine) for the management of heroin dependence is a controversial treatment approach that was limited to Britain until the 1990s. Since then a number of countries have embarked upon clinical trials of this approach, and it is currently licensed and available in several European countries. To date, six randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with over 1600 patients and several cohort studies have examined injected (or inhaled) heroin treatment. This article reviews relevant clinical pharmacology, how heroin treatment programmes are delivered, and the evidence regarding safety, efficacy and cost-effectiveness from RCTs. Heroin is usually prescribed in intravenous dosages of 300500 mgday, divided in two or three doses. Uncommon but serious side effects include seizures and respiratory depression immediately following injection. Despite methodological shortcomings, RCTs generally indicate that heroin treatment results in a comparable retention, improved general health and psychosocial functioning, and less self-reported illicit heroin use than oral methadone treatment. Cost-effectiveness studies indicate heroin treatment to be more expensive to deliver but to result in savings in the criminal justice sector. There has been debate regarding how heroin treatment should be positioned within the range of treatment approaches for this condition. There is increasing consensus that, in countries that have robust and accessible treatment systems for heroin users, heroin treatment is suited to a minority of heroin users as a second-line treatment for those individuals who do not respond to methadone or buprenorphine treatment delivered under optimal conditions. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Late life depression with cognitive impairment: Evaluation and treatment$$$ Older adults with depression often present with signs and symptoms indicative of functional or cognitive impairment. These somatic symptoms make evaluating and treating depression in older adults more complex. Late life depression (LLD), depression in adults over the age of 65, is more frequently associated with cognitive changes. Cognitive impairment in LLD may be a result of the depressive disorder or an underlying dementing condition. Memory complaints are also common in older adults with depression. There is a wide range of cognitive impairment in LLD including decreased central processing speed, executive dysfunction, and impaired short-term memory. The etiology of cognitive impairment in LLD may include cerebrovascular disease, a signifi cant risk factor for LLD, which likely interrupts key pathways between frontal white matter and subcortical structures important in mood regulation. Because depressive symptoms often coexist with dementia, it is important to determine the temporal relationship between depressive symptoms and cognitive change. If depressive symptoms pre-date the cognitive impairment and cognitive symptoms are mild and temporary, LLD is the likely etiology of the cognitive impairment. If cognitive changes appear prior to depressive symptoms and persist after LLD is successfully treated, an underlying dementia is more likely. Clinicians should be exclude common conditions such as thyroid disease which can contribute to depressive symptoms and cognitive impairment prior to treating LLD. Both antidepressants and psychotherapy can be effective in treating LLD. Subsequent evaluations following treatment should also reassess cognition. © 2009 Wilkins et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Fit-for-purpose pharmacogenomic biomarkers in drug development: A project team case study with 'what-ifs'$$$ Over the past four years, the annual US FDA-DIA pharmacogenomic workshops have brought together attendees with wide-ranging expertise spanning industry regulatory authorities and academia. This special report summarizes a breakout session using a novel, interactive case format as a way to engage participants, raise awareness and share diverse learnings via 'real life' decision that projects teams might face in developing a new medicine. This case was situated just prior to approval by a Regulatory Authority as a project team is finalizing a new medicine lavel. To effectively integrate new biomarkers sush as pharmacogenomics into developing new medicines, this session highlighted the importance in considering medical practice implications as relevant (or not) to information or action by a prescriber; progressing validation beyond assay to clinical; and fitting pharmacogemics into context with other evidence often built over decades during a drug's development. All converge onto a label that must communicate evidence-based use of a new medicine that is effective and safe. © 2009 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Anticonvulsants in the treatment of aggression in the demented elderly: An update$$$ Introduction: Complex psychopathological and behavioral symptoms, such as delusions and aggression against care providers, are often the primary cause of acute hospital admissions of elderly patients to emergency units and psychiatric departments. This issue resembles an interdisciplinary clinically highly relevant diagnostic and therapeutic challenge across many medical subjects and general practice. At least 50% of the dramatically growing number of patients with dementia exerts aggressive and agitated symptoms during the course of clinical progression, particularly at moderate clinical severity. Methods: Commonly used rating scales for agitation and aggression are reviewed and discussed. Furthermore, we focus in this article on benefits and limitations of all available data of anticonvulsants published in this specific indication, such as valproate, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, lamotrigine, gabapentin and topiramate. Results: To date, most positive and robust data are available for carbamazepine, however, pharmacokinetic interactions with secondary enzyme induction limit its use. Controlled data of valproate do not seem to support the use in this population. For oxcarbazepine only one controlled but negative trial is available. Positive small series and case reports have been reported for lamotrigine, gabapentin and topiramate. Conclusion: So far, data of anticonvulsants in demented patients with behavioral disturbances are not convincing. Controlled clinical trials using specific, valid and psychometrically sound instruments of newer anticonvulsants with a better tolerability profile are mandatory to verify whether they can contribute as treatment option in this indication. © 2009 Amann et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Atomoxetine: A review of its use in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents$$$ Atomoxetine (Strattera®) is a selective norepinephrine (noradrenaline) reuptake inhibitor that is not classified as a stimulant, and is indicated for use in patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Atomoxetine is effective and generally well tolerated. It is significantly more effective than placebo and standard current therapy and does not differ significantly from or is noninferior to immediate-release methylphenidate; however, it is significantly less effective than the extended-release methylphenidate formulation OROS® methylphenidate (hereafter referred to as osmotically released methylphenidate) and extended-release mixed amfetamine salts. Atomoxetine can be administered either as a single daily dose or split into two evenly divided doses, has a negligible risk of abuse or misuse, and is not a controlled substance in the US. Atomoxetine is particularly useful for patients at risk of substance abuse, as well as those who have co-morbid anxiety or tics, or who do not wish to take a controlled substance. Thus, atomoxetine is a useful option in the treatment of ADHD in children and adolescents. Pharmacologic Properties The mechanism of action of atomoxetine is unclear, but is thought to be related to its selective inhibition of presynaptic norepinephrine reuptake in the prefrontal cortex. Atomoxetine has a high affinity and selectivity for norepinephrine transporters, but little or no affinity for various neurotransmitter receptors. Atomoxetine has a demonstrated ability to selectively inhibit norepinephrine uptake in humans and animals, and studies have shown that it preferentially binds to areas of known high distribution of noradrenergic neurons, such as the fronto-cortical subsystem. Atomoxetine was generally associated with statistically, but not clinically, significant increases in both heart rate and blood pressure in pediatric patients with ADHD. While there was an initial loss in expected height and weight among atomoxetine recipients, this eventually returned to normal in the longer term. Data suggest that atomoxetine is unlikely to have any abuse potential. Atomoxetine appeared less likely than methylphenidate to exacerbate disordered sleep in pediatric patients with ADHD. Atomoxetine is rapidly absorbed, and demonstrates dose-proportional increases in plasma exposure. It undergoes extensive biotransformation, which is affected by poor metabolism by cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2D6 in a small percentage of the population; these patients have greater exposure to and slower elimination of atomoxetine than extensive metabolizers. Patients with hepatic insufficiency show an increase in atomoxetine exposure. CYP2D6 inhibitors, such as paroxetine, are associated with changes in atomoxetine pharmacokinetics similar to those observed among poor CYP2D6 metabolizers. Therapeutic Efficacy Once- or twice-daily atomoxetine was effective in the short-term treatment of ADHD in children and adolescents, as observed in several well designed placebo-controlled trials. Atomoxetine also demonstrated efficacy in the longer term treatment of these patients. A single morning dose was shown to be effective into the evening, and discontinuation of atomoxetine was not associated with symptom rebound. Atomoxetine efficacy did not appear to differ between children and adolescents. Stimulant-naive patients also responded well to atomoxetine treatment. Atomoxetine did not differ significantly from or was noninferior to immediate-release methylphenidate in children and adolescents with ADHD with regard to efficacy, and was significantly more effective than standard current therapy (any combination of medicines excluding atomoxetine and-or behavioral counseling, or no treatment). However, atomoxetine was significantly less effective than osmotically released methylphenidate and extended-release mixed amfetamine salts. The efficacy of atomoxetine did not appear to be affected by the presence of co-morbid disorders, and symptoms of the co-morbid disorders were not affected or were improved by atomoxetine administration. Health-related quality of life (HR-QOL) appeared to be positively affected by atomoxetine in both short- and long-term studies; atomoxetine also improved HR-QOL to a greater extent than standard current therapy. Tolerability Atomoxetine was generally well tolerated in children and adolescents with ADHD. Common adverse events included headache, abdominal pain, decreased appetite, vomiting, somnolence, and nausea. The majority of adverse events were mild or moderate; there was a very low incidence of serious adverse events. Few patients discontinued atomoxetine treatment because of adverse events. Atomoxetine discontinuation appeared to be well tolerated, with a low incidence of discontinuation-emergent adverse events. Atomoxetine appeared better tolerated among extensive CYP2D6 metabolizers than among poor metabolizers. Slight differences were evident in the adverse event profiles of atomoxetine and stimulants, both immediate- and extended-release. Somnolence appeared more common among atomoxetine recipients and insomnia appeared more common among stimulant recipients. A black-box warning for suicidal ideation has been published in the US prescribing information, based on findings from a meta-analysis showing that atomoxetine is associated with a significantly higher incidence of suicidal ideation than placebo. Rarely, atomoxetine may also be associated with serious liver injury; postmarketing data show that three patients have had liver-related adverse events deemed probably related to atomoxetine treatment. Pharmacoeconomic Evaluation: Treatment algorithms involving the initial use of atomoxetine appear cost effective versus algorithms involving initial methylphenidate (immediate- or extended-release), dexamfetamine, tricyclic antidepressants, or no treatment in stimulant-naive, -failed, and -contraindicated children and adolescents with ADHD. The incremental cost per quality-adjusted life-year is below commonly accepted cost-effectiveness thresholds, as shown in several Markov model analyses conducted from the perspective of various European countries, with a time horizon of 1 year. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Sleep in hospitalized medical patients, Part 2: Behavioral and pharmacological management of sleep disturbances$$$ Background: As described in Part 1 of this article, multiple factors lead to disrupted sleep in hospitalized medical patients. Recognizing and addressing these factors can help clinicians more effectively manage patients' sleep complaints. Methods: A PubMed search was conducted by cross-referencing the terms "sleep deprivation," "insomnia," and "sleep"; "hospitalized," "acutely ill," and "critically ill"; and "medication," "drugs," "hypnotics," "benzodiazepines," and "sedatives." The search was limited to English-language articles published between 1997 and 2008. Subsequent PubMed searches were performed to clarify the data described in the initial search. Results: Few articles addressed the topic of the assessment and management of sleep problems in hospitalized medical patients. In Part 2, we propose an evaluation and treatment algorithm that includes recommendations regarding the use of nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic therapies as clinicians consider relevant clinical data. The algorithm is accompanied by 5 tables that include pertinent and practical information to assist clinicians as they manage their inpatients' sleep complaints. Conclusions: Assessment of a sleep complaint should include a review of factors that could exacerbate patients' sleep. The treatment could then focus on ameliorating these factors, and the judicious use of nonpharmacologic strategies and psychopharmacologic agents. © 2009 Society of Hospital Medicine. ER  - 
Exogenous progesterone: A potential therapeutic candidate in CNS injury and neurodegeneration$$$ The role of progesterone (PROG) in the regulation of reproductive behavior is well understood, but a large and growing body of evidence indicates that this hormone also exerts neuroprotective effects on the central nervous system (CNS), i.e. in spinal cord injuries, traumatic brain injuries and in the age-related pathological process. Its neuroprotective actions, now well documented by experimental studies, make it a particularly promising therapeutic agent for neuroinjury and neurodegenerative diseases. The purpose of this article is to review recent preclinical and epidemiological evidences that exogenous administration of PROG or its metabolites plays an important role in the CNS. The diverse signaling mechanisms and the dose-dependent neuroprotective actions of PROG are also summarized. Awareness of the pleiotropic effects of PROG may open a novel perspective for the treatment of injuries and diseases in the nervous system. PROG could be produced in the brain by neurons and glial cells in the CNS of both male and female. Laboratories around the world have reported that administering relatively large doses of PROG during the first few hours or even days after injury significantly limits CNS damage, reduces loss of neuronal tissue and improves functional recovery. PROG appears to exert its protective effects by protecting or rebuilding the blood-brain barrier, decreasing the development of cerebral edema, down-regulating the inflammatory cascade, and limiting cellular necrosis and apoptosis. All these are plausible mechanisms of neuroprotection. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Antipsychotic and antiepileptic drugs in bipolar disorder: The importance of therapeutic drug monitoring$$$ Bipolar disorder (BD) is a long-term illness with mood swings which are characterized by recurrent episodes of mania/hypomania and depression, with variable interpolations of relatively asymptomatic periods, called euthymic, in which, however, some psychopathological symptoms may persist. Although mood stabilizers, such as lithium, are the first-line treatment for the prevention of new BD episodes, combination therapy has become the standard of care for BD patients. Besides lithium, the use of a mood stabilizer along with an atypical antipsychotic is recommended in many patients. Recently, atypical antipsychotics (quetiapine, olanzapine, risperidone and aripiprazole) and antiepileptic agents (valproate, lamotrigine and oxcarbazepine) are increasingly used as mood stabilizers. To reduce side effects and optimize treatment it is important to perform accurate monitoring of drug blood levels in these patients, who are often treated with multiple drugs. Therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) is in fact a powerful tool that, starting from clinical-chemical correlation data, allows to tailor-cut treatment to the specific needs of individual patients; hence the need to have reliable analytical methods available for the determination of plasma levels of drugs and their metabolites. Analyses of biological samples are mainly carried out using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) coupled with different detectors, capillary electrophoresis and gas-chromatography. Various procedures are employed to remove biological interferences before analyzing the samples. This review focuses on currently available analytical TDM methods for atypical antipsychotics and antiepileptic agents used in the treatment of patients with bipolar disorder. Advantages and limitations of the various analytical methods will be reviewed and discussed, together with an evaluation of the role of TDM. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
The aspects and mechanisms of cognitive alterations in epilepsy: The role of antiepileptic medications$$$ Epilepsy is a major health problem. Several studies suggest a significant influence of epilepsy and its treatment on dynamic and functional properties of brain activity. Epilepsy can adversely affect mental development, cognition, and behavior. Epileptic patients may experience reduced intelligence, attention, and problems in memory, language, and frontal executive functions. Neuropsychological, functional, and quantitative neuroimaging studies revealed that epilepsy affect the brain as a whole. Mechanisms of epilepsy-related cognitive dysfunction are poorly delineated. Cognitive deficits with epilepsy may be transient, persistent, or progressive. Transient disruption of cognitive encoding processes may occur with paroxysmal focal or generalized epileptic discharges, whereas epileptogenesis-related neuronal plasticity, reorganization, sprouting, and impairment of cellular metabolism are fundamental determinants for progressive cognitive deterioration. Also antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have differential, reversible, and sometimes cumulative cognitive adverse consequences. AEDs not only reduce neuronal irritability but also may impair neuronal excitability, neurotransmitter release, enzymes, and factors critical for information processing and memory. The present article serves as an overview of recent studies in adult and childhood epilepsy literatures present in PubMed that highlighted cognitive evaluation in epilepsy field (publications till 2008 were checked). We also checked the reference lists of the retrieved studies for additional reports of relevant studies, in addition to our experience in this field. Our search revealed that although the aspects of cognitive dysfunction, risk factors, and consequences have been explored in many studies; however, the mechanisms of contribution of epilepsy-related variables, including AEDs, to patients' cognition are largely unexplored. In this review, we discussed the differential effect of AEDs in mature and immature brains and the known mechanisms underlying epilepsy and AEDs adverse effects on cognition. The nature, timing, course, and mechanisms of cognitive alteration with epilepsy and its medications are of considerable clinical and research implications. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Epilepsy treatment as a predeterminant of psychosocial ill health$$$ Epilepsy is a chronic disorder with complex effects on social, vocational, physical, and psychological well-being. Patient-oriented research has demonstrated that recurrent seizures have a strong adverse effect on health-related quality of life, but also that seizure rate in persons with pharmacoresistant epilepsy has only a modest correlation with quality of life. Although treatment side effects have received limited attention in epilepsy research, available evidence indicates that adverse medication effects may explain more variance in quality of life than any other clinical variable in persons with pharmacoresistant epilepsy. Furthermore, systematic screening for adverse effects has been shown to be associated with significant reduction in subjective toxicity and improvement in quality of life. There has been only limited research on the relative contribution of specific adverse effects to impaired health-related quality of life. The relative importance of reduction of medication burden after resective epilepsy surgery or vagal nerve stimulation has similarly received sparse attention. Existing deficiencies in the available published research present challenges and opportunities to perform further investigations to define and improve best clinical practices in epilepsy care. © 2009. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy for the Obese Patient$$$ The long-term safety of many antiobesity pharmacologic regimens has not been adequately evaluated. If recommended and prescribed, pharmacologic agents should be an adjunct to a structured diet and exercise regimen. Unfortunately, weight gain after discontinuation of antiobesity agents is common. In addition, the effect of weight loss obtained through the use of pharmacotherapeutic agents on overall morbidity and mortality has not been established. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of montelukast in placebo-controlled pediatric studies and their open-label extensions$$$ Background: Montelukast is a potent leukotriene-receptor antagonist administered once daily that provides clinical benefit in the treatment of asthma and allergic rhinitis in children and adults. Because of its wide use as a pediatric controller, there is a need for a further review of the safetyand tolerability of montelukast in children. Objective:To summarize safetyand tolerability data for montelukast from previously reported as well as from unpublished placebo-controlled, double-blind, pediatric studies and their active-controlled open-label extension/extended studies. Methods: These studies evaluated 2,751 pediatric patients 6 months to 14 years of age with persistent asthma, intermittent asthma associated with upper respiratory infection, or allergic rhinitis. These patients were enrolled in seven randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind registration and post-registration studies and three active-controlled open-label extension/extended studies conducted by Merck Research Laboratories between 1995 and 2004. Results: Montelukast was well tolerated in all studies. Clinical and laboratory adverse experiences for patients treated with montelukast were generally mild and transient. The most frequent clinical adverse events for all treatments (placebo, montelukast, active control/usual care) in virtually all studies were upper respiratory infection, worsening asthma, pharyngitis, and fever. Conclusion: The clinical and laboratory safety profile for montelukastwas similar to that observed for placebo or active control/usual care therapies. The safety profile of montelukast did not change with long-term use. © 2009 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Quality of life in adults with brain tumors: Current knowledge and future directions$$$ Quality of life is an important area of clinical neurooncology that is increasingly relevant as survivorship increases and as patients experience potential morbidities associated with new therapies. This review of quality-of-life studies in the brain tumor population aims to summarize what is currently known about quality of life in patients with both low-grade and high-grade tumors and suggest how we may use this knowledge to direct future research. To date, reports on quality of life have been primarily qualitative and focused on specific symptoms such as fatigue, sleep disorders, and cognitive dysfunction, as well as some symptom clusters. However, the increasing interest in exploring quality of life as a primary end point for cancer therapy has established a need for prospective, controlled studies to assess baseline and serial quality-of-life parameters in brain tumor patients in order to plan and evaluate appropriate and timely interventions for their symptoms. Copyright 2009 by the Society for Neuro-Oncology. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy in stroke rehabilitation$$$ Background: Pharmacotherapy is commonly given to patients recovering from a stroke to prevent further complications (e.g. recurrent stroke, seizures) or enhance recovery. However, some drugs may have a negative impact on neuroplasticity. Objectives: This review examines currently used drugs that are believed to promote recovery from motor and cognitive disturbances associated with stroke. Methods: Literature regarding the properties, efficacy, safety, and dosing of drugs used to promote recovery after stroke was reviewed. Results: The data on pharmacotherapy are insufficient to support a claim of significantly improved rehabilitation outcomes. Moreover, a growing body of evidence indicates that some agents can impair functional reorganization and slow the recovery process. However, a few chemicals are reported to be beneficial for stroke rehabilitation. The most promising are noradrenergic and dopaminergic agents, as well as several growth factors; these should be the future focus of extensive randomized clinical trials. Conclusions: Currently there is no drug with proven efficacy in enhancing poststroke recovery. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Existing antimalarial agents and malaria-treatment strategies$$$ In the absence of prompt and efficacious treatment, malaria patients may progress within a few hours from having minor symptoms to severe disease and death. These last years have seen the development of several artemisinin-based combinations, new treatments for severe malaria patients, and new strategies such as intermittent preventive treatment or the home-based/near-home management of malaria. The health sector is now confronted with several treatment options and strategies, in contrast with the period when chloroquine monotherapy was the standard treatment. The major challenge remains the large-scale deployment, in the most efficient way, of the tools available today, including artemisinin-based combination treatments, within health systems that remain extremely weak in malaria endemic countries, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa. Health system research, exploring new potential approaches for the large-scale implementation of these interventions, should be promoted in parallel with that on new therapeutic agents to be used in the unlucky event of the emergence and spread of artemisinin resistance. The prospects of substantially decreasing the malaria burden are brighter today than 20 - 30years ago, but the efforts and resources committed to this purpose should be maintained over a long period. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comparison of propofol and thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized, blinded comparison of seizure duration, stimulus charge, clinical effect, and cognitive side effects$$$ OBJECTIVES: To compare propofol and thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with respect to seizure duration, stimulus charge, clinical effect, and cognitive side effects. METHODS: Randomized, blinded study of 62 depressed patients treated with bilateral ECT. Algorithm-based charge dosing was used. RESULTS: The mean seizure duration of the patients in the thiopental group was 36.3 seconds versus 25.7 seconds in the propofol group (P = 0.001). The charge per treatment was 79.5 mC in the thiopental group versus 109.8 mC in the propofol group (P = 0.026). Sixteen patients in the propofol group (52%) reached the highest electrical dose versus 8 patients (26%) in the thiopental group (P = 0.014). No difference in response to treatment or number of treatments was observed. The mean score on Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) was 28.9 in the thiopental group versus 26.8 in the propofol group (P = 0.014). However, age distribution of patients completing the study differed between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Propofol significantly decreases seizure duration without significant difference in the clinical outcome. Using the employed treatment algorithm, patients anesthetised with propofol received higher electrical charge. Mini-Mental State Examination scores suggest that this results in more severe cognitive side effects. Results, however, might be confounded by the differences in age distribution in the groups. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Is Anesthesia Bad for the Newborn Brain?$$$ Although certain data suggest that common general anesthetics may be neurotoxic to immature animals, there are also data suggesting that these same anesthetics may be neuroprotective against hypoxicischemic injury, and that inadequate analgesia during painful procedures may lead to increased neuronal cell death in animals and long-term behavioral changes in humans. The challenge for the pediatric anesthesia community is to design and implement studies in human infants to ascertain the safety of general anesthesia. In this article, the authors review the relevant preclinical and clinical data that are currently available on this topic. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychiatric patients in the pediatric emergency department undergoing routine urine toxicology screens for medical clearance: Results and use$$$ Objective: We sought to determine the use and results of urine toxicology screens (UTS) in psychiatric patients undergoing a UTS test for medical clearance in a pediatric emergency department. Methods: A structured retrospective study was conducted over a 6-month period. All emergency department (ED) charts were reviewed of patients 8 to 17 years who had a UTS. Urine toxicology screens were identified as medically indicated or routine-driven. Medically indicated UTS were patients who presented with seizures, syncope, headache, altered mental status, ingestion, chest pain/palpitation, shortness of breath, sexual assault, or those who were brought in for motor vehicle accident (MVA). Routine-driven UTS were uncomplicated psychiatric patients who presented with aggressive or out of control behavior, intentional self-inflicted wounds, or symptoms of depression, all of whom presented without any evidence of drug or alcohol ingestion or altered mental status. Routine-driven UTS were quantified for positive tests. In addition, we determined the change in management and disposition of those patients. We also determined the concordance of provided drug use history with UTS result. Results: Of the 652 charts reviewed, 267 UTS were medically indicated; 385 were routine-driven. Of the routine-driven UTS group, 254/267 (95%) patients with negative screens and 115/118 (97%) with positive screens were referred for psychiatric treatment after psychiatric evaluation. Fisher exact test of the comparison of the disposition after psychiatric assessment with the UTS result was nonsignificant. The UTS result also had no effect on the type of psychiatric disposition (ie, outpatient therapy, partial hospitalization, inpatient hospitalization). Concordance with provided history of illicit drug use was significant. Conclusions: Routine-driven UTS in uncomplicated pediatric psychiatric patients being evaluated in the ED offered little additional information, did not influence management, and potentially increased both ED cost and time. Patients with straightforward psychiatric complaints may be medically cleared without a UTS. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of central hyponatremia$$$ Objective: To investigate the clincal characteristics of central hyponatremia. Methods: The clinical data of 34 patients with central hyponatremia were analysed retrospectively. Results: 34 patients with different cerebral diseases appeared dysphoria, sleepiness, aggravating disturbances of consciousness, vomiting, limb seizures and dehydration basis on primary diseases during the hospitalization. The laboratory examinations showed that the level of blood natrium was < 135 mmol/L and urinary natrium was >260 mmol/d in all the cases, and the central venous pressures in 5 cases were lower than 6 cm H2O among 8 cases. The 19 cases were diagnosed as central hyponatremia - syndrome of inappropriate ADH secretion (SIADH); 7 cases were diagnosed as central hyponatremia - cerebral salt wasting syndrome (CSWS). The other 8 cases were diagnosed as SIADH firstly, but final diagnosis were corrected as CSWS according to the symptoms increasing after dehydration therapy. The 19 case of SIADH received the therapy of limiting water and diuresis, and 15 cases of CSWS received the therapy of hydration and supplementing sodium. The several days after the treatment, the levels of the blood natrium and the urinary natrium were backed to the normal values in all the patients and the condition was improved exapet 3 cases remained coma. Conclusions: Hyponatremia, hypernatruria and changes of consciousness are the clinical charateritics of central hyponatremia. The treatment principle in SIADH is limiting water, and in CSWS is hydration and supplementing sodium. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Treatment-resistant depression is a major public health problem, in terms of its prevalence, individual suffering and social costs. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is a new, device-based therapy that may be effective as long term treatment for recurrent or chronic, resistant depression. VNS Therapy System has been used to treat drug-resistant epilepsy since 1997; clinical observations of mood improvement in epilepsy patients, even in the absence of better control of seizures after VNS implantation, suggested a role for VNS as therapy in treatment-resistant depression. Promising results of VNS therapy have been shown both considering acute and long-term outcomes. This treatment appears to be well tolerated. The aim of this article is to review current evidence of the mechanism of action of VNS in treatment resistant depression, and to describe treatment initiation, device implantation, and balancing and the monitoring of the programmable pulse parameters. Finally we propose clinical criteria to find eligible patients for this procedure. ER  - 
Complementary, holistic, and integrative medicine: Melatonin$$$ Research suggests that melatonin appears to be efficacious in ameliorating SOL in both primary and secondary sleep disorders in children. Overall, melatonin appears to be safe in children who do not have contraindicated conditions or medications at doses between 0.5 and 7.5 mg before bedtime, with a low occurrence of mild adverse effects. Depending on the desired effect, parents and doctors should decide on the type of formulation to be used: long-term release (recommended for sustaining sleep) or short-term release (recommended for initiating sleep). Potential risk versus benefit of melatonin should be assessed on an individual basis, taking into account the child's health and concurrent medications. Copyright © 2009 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Memory complaints in epilepsy: An accurate reflection of memory impairment or an indicator of poor adjustment? A Review of the literature$$$ People with epilepsy frequently complain of poor memory. Although organic memory impairment is one possible sequela of neuro-epilepsy variables, these complaints are not consistently supported by performance on objective measures. The current review has two objectives: first, to establish whether inconsistent results are an artifact of methodology and second, to collate existing published literature to identify possible explanations for inaccurate memory self-report in epilepsy. Review of the literature highlights many methodological limitations making it difficult to evaluate findings. However, it is apparent that in people with epilepsy, subjective memory demonstrates a greater relationship with anxiety and depression than with objective memory. We examine the hypothesis that memory complaints in epilepsy are a reflection of difficulties adjusting to, or coping with, the condition. Research has yet to identify any critical variables or pathways through which these factors influence perceptions of memory function. This review proposes a role for illness representations in understanding the nature of memory complaints in epilepsy. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Utility of subtraction ictal SPECT when video-EEG fails to distinguish atypical psychogenic and epileptic seizures$$$ This study was designed to evaluate the utility of subtraction ictal SPECT coregistered to MRI (SISCOM) in atypical psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Video-EEG monitoring (vEEG) is the gold standard for PNES diagnosis but, like any modality, has limitations. In difficult cases in which the diagnosis is suspected but remains in question after vEEG, a complementary study that could help differentiate epilepsy from PNES would be desirable. Thirteen SISCOM studies performed in patients with a final diagnosis of PNES were retrospectively reviewed. Common indications for SISCOM were semiology consistent with partial epilepsy (9/13), abnormal head MRI (5/13), and reported abnormal routine EEG (5/13). SISCOM was negative in 85% (11/13) of patients and was helpful in increasing the diagnostic certainty of PNES in these exceptional cases. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of idiopathic headache in childhood and adolescence : RRRevised recommendations of the society for neuropediatrics and the german migraine and headache society$$$ According to the principles of evidence-based medicine, controlled studies on the treatment of idiopathic headache in childhood and adolescence were analysed and compiled into treatment recommendations. For acute treatment of migraine attacks or tension-type headache, ibuprofen (10 mg/kg body weight) is most highly recommended. Drugs of second choice are acetaminophen (15 mg/kg body weight) for all ages and for migraine attacks only, intranasal sumatriptan (10-20 mg) for the age of 12 years and older, in isolated cases also below 12 years of age. If the first or second choice acute drugs are not effective alternative drugs of third choice are zolmitriptan 2.5 mg as melting tablet, intranasal zolmitriptan 5 mg, rizatriptan 5-10 mg, almotriptan 12.5 and dihydroergotamine 20-40 μg/kg body weight. For the prophylaxis of migraine, magnesium, betablockers (propranolol and metoprolol) and flunarizine are recommended. Flunarizine is also the drug of first choice for the prophylactic treatment of migraine-related disorders. No controlled studies are available on the treatment of further headache types in childhood. First line methods recommended for the non-drug prophylactic treatment of headache in childhood are progressive relaxation therapy, biofeedback procedures and specific cognitive-behavioral therapeutic schedules. © 2009 Springer Medizin Verlag. ER  - 
Topiramate-induced reversible visual hallucinations: Report of two cases$$$ The incidence of psychotic symptoms during clinical trials of topiramate was not significantly different from the rate for placebo or reported rates of psychosis in patients with refractory epilepsy. Furthermore, acute visual hallucinations after the use of topiramate is unusual manifestation. Two patients with refractory complex partial seizure who had no psychiatric history developed symptoms visual hallucinations after the use of topiramate. After reduction of topiramate dosage in both patients, a full remission of the visual hallucinations was obtained without the need of neuroleptic drugs. We report on two epileptic patients who developed reversible visual hallucinations after the use of topiramate. ER  - 
A multicenter study of bipolar disorder among emergency department patients in Latin-American countries$$$ Objectives: This multicenter study estimated the prevalence of bipolar disorder (BPD) among emergency department (ED) patients in Latin America. Methods: To identify patients with BPD, we used a combination of DSM IV- criteria interview and a questionnaire screen including the Mood Disorder Questionnaire (MDQ). We analyzed data from consecutive patients from hospitals in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, and Mexico and described the demographic and health status differences between BPD and non-BPD patients. Results: Prevalence of BPD ranges from 3.8-6.1%. The estimate was based on a total of 1,535 patients, mean age 37 years, with response rates of 83.0%. Compared to non-BPD patients, BPD patients were more likely to be obese (39.7% vs. 26.9%) and to report a diagnosis of asthma (16.7% vs. 9%), thyroid problems (12.8% vs. 5.8%) and seizures (23.1% vs. 3.0%), all p ≤ 0.05.BPD patients versus those without BPD were also differentiated in their psychiatric comorbidity as follows: higher rate of alcohol abuse (30.8% vs. 10.0%), attention deficit hyperactivity disorders (ADHD) (50.0% vs. 12%), depression (81.6% vs. 45.7%), OCD (20.1% vs. 3.0%), panic disorders (23.1% vs. 12.3%) and anxiety disorders (at least 1 lifetime) (82.1%vs. 41.8%). Compared to non- BPD, suicidal plans and attempts were also significant higher in the bipolar group (11.5% vs. 2.8% and 10.3% vs. 1.8% respectively). Multivariate analysis identified ADHD, depression, alcohol abuse, anxiety disorder and last month suicide plans and attempts to be independently associated with BPD. Discussion: Our study supports that BPD is prevalent in ED in Latin American countries and that comorbidity is the rule, not the exception, in BPD patients. Also provides further evidence that the burden of chronic medical conditions in persons with BP is substantial. This encourages the education of ED physicians regarding diagnosis and treatment of persons with BPD. Based on this and other work, we advocate the development and dissemination of coordinated medical and psychiatric systems of care. Copyright © 2009 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Endoplasmic reticulum protein quality control in neurodegenerative disease: The good, the bad and the therapy$$$ Neurodegenerative disorders are often characterized by the aggregation and accumulation of misfolded proteins (e.g. Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis). Aggregated proteins are very toxic to cells in culture and both in vitro and in vivo there is overwhelming evidence that these aberrant proteins are key players in neurodegeneration. Protein quality control is a cellular defense mechanism against misfolded proteins that prevents aggregate formation under physiological conditions. The presence of accumulated aggregates of misfolded proteins in many neurodegenerative disorders, suggests that protein quality control failed to restore homeostasis in these pathological conditions. In fact, evidence from observations in cellular disease models, mouse models, as well as from post mortem patient material indicates activation of the quality control machinery in response to the pathological process. In addition, interference with protein quality control by genetic or chemical manipulation often results in aggregate formation and neurodegeneration. This stresses the importance of proper quality control in neurodegenerative disorders and indicates that it may provide a target for therapeutic intervention. In this review we will focus on the protein quality control systems in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and address the involvement of ER quality control in neurodegenerative disease as well as its potential as therapeutic target. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Migraine prophylaxis: Key points for the practising clinician$$$ Migraine is a significant burden on individuals and society. Patients with most severe forms require preventive treatments, whose aim is to reduce the frequency and severity of attacks and consequently the overall impact of migraine. Although various medications are available for migraine prophylaxis, only a minority of migraineurs receive these drugs. This brief paper summarizes the most important indications for starting migraine prophylaxis, and provides an overview of the salient characteristics of available preventive drugs, to guide the choice of the most appropriate medication for a given patient. © Springer-Verlag 2009. ER  - 
Safety of botulinum toxin type A among children with spasticity secondary to cerebral palsy: A systematic review of randomized clinical trials$$$ Objective: To assess the safety of botulinum toxin type A for children with cerebral palsy using data from randomized clinical trials. Data sources: A search was conducted of MEDLINE database for the period January 1990 to February 2008. A complementary search was carried out of references from previous reviews. From 122 articles, 20 randomized clinical trials were selected for the review. Review methods: Two authors independently assessed eligibility of the studies and methodological quality of those according to CONSORT guidelines. For each adverse effect, relative risk was calculated, and when more than one study reported adverse effects, a meta-analysis was carried out. Sensitivity analyses with different continuity corrections factors were performed when zero cases were reported in a study arm. Results: There were 882 participants in the 20 studies included in the meta-analysis. Six studies reported zero adverse effects. Thirty-five different adverse events were reported. Botulinum toxin type A use was related to respiratory tract infection, bronchitis, pharyngytis, asthma, muscle weakness, urinary incontinence, falls, seizures, fever and unspecified pain. Two deaths were reported in the study with higher person-time follow-up (relative risk (RR) 4.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23-95). Conclusions: Botulinum toxin type A has a good safety profile during the first months of use. However the occurrence of adverse events is more frequent among children with cerebral palsy than individuals with other conditions. Severe adverse events are potentially related with the use of botulinum toxin type A, but data are sparse and additional study is required to clarify the causal relation. © SAGE Publications 2009. ER  - 
Preventive Migraine Treatment$$$ The pharmacologic treatment of migraine may be acute (abortive) or preventive (prophylactic), and patients with frequent severe headaches often require both approaches. Preventive therapy is used to try to reduce the frequency, duration, or severity of attacks. The preventive medications with the best-documented efficacy are amitriptyline, divalproex, topiramate, and the beta-blockers. Choice is made based on a drug's proven efficacy, the physician's informed belief about medications not yet evaluated in controlled trials, the drug's adverse events, the patient's preferences and headache profile, and the presence or absence of coexisting disorders. Because comorbid medical and psychologic illnesses are prevalent in patients who have migraine, one must consider comorbidity when choosing preventive drugs. Drug therapy may be beneficial for both disorders; however, it is also a potential confounder of optimal treatment of either. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical practice recommendations for bipolar disorder$$$ Objective: To provide clinically relevant evidence-based recommendations for the management of bipolar disorder in adults that are informative, easy to assimilate and facilitate clinical decision-making. Method: A comprehensive literature review of over 500 articles was undertaken using electronic database search engines (e.g. MEDLINE, PsychINFO and Cochrane reviews). In addition articles, book chapters and other literature known to the authors were reviewed. The findings were then formulated into a set of recommendations that were developed by a multidisciplinary team of clinicians who routinely deal with mood disorders. These preliminary recommendations underwent extensive consultative review by a broader advisory panel that included experts in the field, clinical staff and patient representatives. Results: The clinical practice recommendations for bipolar disorder (bipolar CPR) summarise evidence-based treatments and provide a synopsis of recommendations relating to each phase of the illness. They are designed for clinical use and have therefore been presented succinctly in an innovative and engaging manner that is clear and informative. Conclusion: These up-to-date recommendations provide an evidence-based framework that incorporates clinical wisdom and consideration of individual factors in the management of bipolar disorder. Further, the novel style and practical approach should promote their uptake and implementation. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Clobazam in the treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome$$$ Purpose: This randomized, double-blind, dose-ranging study evaluated safety and efficacy of clobazam (CLB) as adjunctive therapy for drop seizures in patients with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS). Methods: Sixty-eight patients with LGS aged 2-26 years were administered CLB (low dose = target 0.25 mg/kg/day; high dose = target 1.0 mg/kg/day). The study consisted of 4-week baseline, 3-week titration, and 4-week maintenance periods, followed by a 3-week taper or continuation in an open-label study. Seizure frequency was recorded in a diary by the parent/caregiver throughout the study. Results: Weekly drop seizure rates were significantly reduced from baseline in both the high-dose and low-dose groups; the reduction was significantly greater in the high-dose group. A significantly greater proportion of patients in the high-dose group experienced reductions in drop seizures of ≥25%, ≥50%, and ≥75% compared to the low-dose group; more patients in the high-dose group experienced a 100% reduction, but the difference was not significant. Nondrop seizures were also reduced in a dose-dependent manner. In both investigator and parent/caregiver global evaluations, patients in the high-dose group showed significantly greater improvements in overall symptoms compared to low-dose CLB. Adverse events were generally mild or moderate, and were similar between dose groups. Five serious adverse events were reported in four patients, but in no case was CLB discontinued. Conclusions: Clobazam was well tolerated and reduced drop seizure rates; high-dose CLB was more effective than low-dose CLB. Other seizure types were also reduced. © 2008 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
The FDA alert on suicidality and antiepileptic drugs: Fire or false alarm?$$$ In January 2008, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued an alert about an increased risk for suicidality in 199 clinical trials of 11 antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) for three different indications, including epilepsy. An advisory panel voted against a black-box warning on AED labels, and the FDA has accepted this recommendation. We discuss three potential problems with the alert. First, adverse event data were used rather than systematically collected data. Second, the 11 drugs grouped together as a single class of AEDs have different mechanisms of action and very different relative risks, many of which were not statistically significant and some of which were smaller than one. These facts suggest that they should not be grouped as a class. Third, the risk of adverse effects from uncontrolled seizures almost certainly outweighs the small risk of suicidality. We place our comments in the context of a review of the literature on suicidality and depression in epilepsy and the sparse literature on AEDs and suicidality. We recommend that all patients with epilepsy be routinely evaluated for depression, anxiety, and suicidality, and that future clinical trials include validated instruments to systematically assess these conditions to determine whether the possible signal observed by the FDA is real. © 2009 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Current treatments of chronic immune-mediated demyelinating polyneuropathies$$$ Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy (CIDP), multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN), and anti-myelin-associated glycoprotein (anti-MAG) neuropathy are three demyelinating acquired neuropathies, with distinct responses to immunotherapy. In placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized trials, intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) has been effective for CIDP and MMN, and plasmapheresis has been effective for CIDP. Corticosteroids have been beneficial in controlled trials for CIDP. Other agents, including cyclophosphamide, rituximab, azathioprine, cyclosporine, interferons, fludarabine, mycophenolate mofetil, and etanercept, have been reported to benefit some patients with inflammatory demyelinating neuropathies in case series and case reports. This review examines the use and toxicity associated with these immunotherapy medications in treating patients with chronic immune-mediated demyelinating neuropathies. © 2009 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
The neurologic manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Background: Often patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) suffer from neurologic symptoms and at times the diagnosis of SLE is made after patients present with neurologic events. Although diagnostic criteria for SLE have included seizures and psychosis, there are 19 recognized neurologic manifestations of the disease. ReviewSummary: The various neurologic manifestations of SLE are reviewed as are the various treatment options. The pathophysiology of the major syndromes is reviewed. Conclusion: Neurologists need to be familiar with the various ways SLE can present and the various neurologic complications known lupus patients can experience. Because of the various treatment options available, rapid recognition of these syndromes is critical. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
A systematic review of antiepileptic drug initiation and withdrawal$$$ Background: The proper clinical context to initiate or discontinue antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment has been extensively studied over the past 40 years. Differences in study design and methodology have led to reports of seizure recurrence rates of 7% to 96% in drug initiation trials and seizure relapse rates of 12% to 67% in drug withdrawal trials. A number of different historical and clinical factors have been cited in various studies as altering seizure risk. Our objective was to review the data from large, well-conducted, prospective studies. Review Summary: We performed an electronic search of 3 medical and scientific databases for articles on initiating or withdrawing antiepileptic medication. Our review focused primarily on articles meeting specific inclusion and exclusion criteria. We discuss the risk of seizure recurrence after a first seizure and the factors associated with an elevated risk of recurrence. The risks of treatment, including life-threatening idiosyncratic reactions and dose-related physical and cognitive side effects are reviewed. We also summarize the data on the seizure relapse risk after drug discontinuation and the factors associated with an increased relapse risk. Benefits of successful AED withdrawal are highlighted. The special considerations of treatment initiation and withdrawal in the pediatric population are explored. We propose general guidelines to assist the clinician in evaluating the risk/benefit ratio of initiating and withdrawing antiepileptic drugs. Conclusion: Drug initiation after a first seizure decreases early seizure recurrence, but does not affect the long-term prognosis of developing epilepsy. Medication withdrawal after a period of seizure remission increases the risk of relapse, but the benefits of successful AED discontinuation may be substantial. In the end, the decision of whether to initiate treatment after a single seizure and whether to withdraw AED therapy in patients enjoying a prolonged period of seizure freedom should be made on an individual case basis, which balances the risk of seizure relapse and subsequent disability against the likely impact of medication-related physical, cognitive, and psychologic adverse effects. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Revision of the guidelines of the Brazilian Medical Association for the treatment of depression (Complete version)$$$ Objective: Depression is a frequent, recurrent and chronic condition with high levels of functional disability. The Brazilian Medical Association Guidelines project proposed guidelines for diagnosis and treatment of the most common medical disorders. The objective of this paper is to present a review of the Guidelines Published in 2003 incorporating new evidence and recommendations. Method: This review was based on guidelines developed in other countries and systematic reviews, randomized clinical trials and when absent, observational studies and recommendations from experts. The Brazilian Medical Association proposed this methodology for the whole project. The review was developed from new international guidelines published since 2003. Results: The following aspects are presented: prevalence, demographics, disability, diagnostics and sub-diagnosis, efficacy of pharmacological and psychotherapeutic treatment, costs and side-effects of different classes of available drugs in Brazil. Strategies for different phases of treatment are also discussed. Conclusion: The Guidelines are an important tool for clinical decisions and a reference for orientation based on the available evidence in the literature. ER  - 
Overnight observation in stand-alone surgicenters: Is the practice safe?$$$ The safety of performing operations in surgery centers that require overnight stays has not been established. To determine whether this practice is safe we performed a retrospective chart review of all cases performed at Paces over a 12-year period. There were 12,072 total cases and 11,147 general anesthesia (GA) or monitored anesthesia care (MAC) cases. Four thousand eight hundred ten patients stayed overnight. The hospital admission rate for patients undergoing either GA or MAC was 0.12% and for local anesthesia it was 0%. Overnight stay patients had a rate of 0.15%, while same day discharge patients had a rate of 0.08%. Excluding local anesthesia cases, the rate increased to 0.10%. For the GA and MAC patients, there was no statistical difference in hospitalization rates between the same day and the overnight stay groups. All patients had good outcomes after hospitalization. Performing operations that require an overnight stay in a surgery center can be a safe practice. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Adverse event load in bipolar participants receiving either carbamazepine immediate-release or extended-release capsules: A blinded, randomized study$$$ In epilepsy, slow-release formulations of carbamazepine (CBZ) have fewer adverse events (AEs) compared with immediate-release (IR) formulations. As CBZ is used for mania, it is important to determine whether a similar pattern exists for bipolar patients. This was a 3-month, blinded, random-assignment study to an IR formulation or extended-release carbamazepine capsules (ERCC, Equetro) in type I or type II bipolar patients already on CBZ or clinically determined to benefit from it. Dosages were titrated to patients' clinical needs. Mood and AE ratings were performed at baseline and monthly for 3 months. There was no difference in mood ratings or in the total level of AEs in patients receiving IR or ERCC. However, autonomic AEs (5.0±1.1 vs. 2.0±0.7, P=0.02) and gastrointestinal AEs (1.6±0.4 vs. 0.6±0.3, P=0.05) were significantly less in participants receiving ERCC. CBZ level in patients receiving ERCC were higher (9.2±1.7 vs. IR 7.2±1.3μg/ml, P=0.005). Total AE load was directly related to CBZ level only in participants receiving the IR formulation. In conclusion, ERCC is better tolerated than IR CBZ in bipolar patients. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of Fibromyalgia$$$ Advances have occurred in the pharmacotherapy of fibromyalgia (FM) and the methodology of clinical trial design in FM in parallel with improved understanding of the underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms. Several medications have been approved for the management of FM based on their clinically meaningful and durable effect on pain in monotherapy trials and their beneficial effect on patients'global impression of change, function, and other key symptom domains such as fatigue, sleep disturbance, and cognition. Adjunctive therapy with medicines targeted to specific symptom domains such as sleep as well as treatments aimed toward common comorbid conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome or disease states such as rheumatoid arthritis should be considered for the purpose of reducing the patient's overall symptom burden. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Optogenetic neuromodulation$$$ MODULATION OF THE nervous system by electrical or chemical means (neuromodulation) is becoming increasingly sophisticated, with application to a growing number of neurological diseases. However, both chemical and electrical neuromodulation are limited in their specificity. Electrical stimulation, for example, indiscriminately activates different neuronal populations within the electrical field, leading to side effects that can limit efficacy. The delivery of genes that encode proteins capable of conveying light sensitivity to neurons has provided a tool that may overcome some of the limitations of traditional neuromodulation techniques. Activation or inhibition of specific neuronal populations with different wavelengths of light opens up possibilities for modulating neural circuits with previously unimagined levels of precision. We briefly review this new technology, illustrating its advantages and potential applications. Copyright © 2009 by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind comparison of lorazepam and chlordiazepoxide in patients with uncomplicated alcohol withdrawal$$$ Objective: For important reasons, lorazepam (Ativan) and chlordiazepoxide (Librium) are both popular treatments for alcohol-withdrawal syndrome. Nevertheless, there is little literature directly comparing the two drugs. A formal comparison is desirable because of pharmacokinetic and other differences that could affect safety and efficacy considerations relevant to practice in developing countries. Method: One hundred consecutive consenting male inpatients in a state of moderately severe, uncomplicated alcohol withdrawal at screening were randomized to receive either lorazepam (8 mg/day) or chlordiazepoxide (80 mg/day) with dosing down-titrated to zero in a fixed-dose schedule across 8 treatment days. Double-blind assessments of withdrawal-symptom severity and impairing adverse events were obtained during treatment and for 4 days afterward. Results: One chlordiazepoxide patient developed withdrawal delirium. Lorazepam and chlordiazepoxide showed similar efficacy in reducing symptoms of alcohol withdrawal as assessed using the revised Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol scale. During withdrawal, irritability and dizziness were more common with lorazepam, and palpitations were more common with chlordiazepoxide. No difficulties in drug discontinuation or differences in impairing adverse events were observed with either drug. Conclusions: With the treatment schedule used in this study, lorazepam is as effective as the more traditional drug chlordiazepoxide in attenuating uncomplicated alcohol withdrawal. Lorazepam, therefore, could be used with confidence when liver disease or the inability to determine liver function status renders chlordiazepoxide therapy problematic. The absence of clinically significant withdrawal complications with lorazepam in this large study contrasts with findings from previously published studies and suggests that higher doses of lorazepam than those formerly used may be necessary during alcohol withdrawal. ER  - 
Acute endosulfan poisoning: A retrospective study$$$ Endosulfan is a widely used insecticide that is associated with a high fatality rate in humans when ingested accidentally or with the aim of suicide. However, the literature concerning human endosulfan exposure is limited to case reports. Thus, we sought to 1) describe the clinical features of patients with acute endosulfan poisoning and 2) identify independent factors to predict patients? outcome. Fifty-two patients who presented with acute endosulfan poisoning between January 2001 and January 2007 were enrolled in this retrospective study. Sixteen (30.7%) of the 52 patients died, and 48 patients experienced seizures. Endosulfan poisoning caused the hypotension and the abnormalities on electrocardiogram at presentation. Over half of the patients developed complications, such as rhabdomyolysis, hepatic toxicity, and hypotension. These complications resolved without sequelae in the survival group. Refractory status epilepticus was the most common cause of death in this series (75.0%). Amount ingested being greater than 35 g of endosulfan was the most found to be an independent variable that predicted patient mortality. Patients with this risk factor must be treated aggressively during the early stage of endosulfan poisoning. ER  - 
A prospective multi-centre open label study of the use of levetiracetam as add-on treatment in patients with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities$$$ Purpose: To investigate the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam in adults with intellectual disabilities who have uncontrolled partial or generalised epilepsy. Methods: An open label prospective study compared seizure frequency, adverse effects, participant challenging behaviour, carers' concerns about epilepsy and perceived participant quality of life between a baseline observation prior to the use of levetiracetam and follow-up observations at 3, 6, 9 and 12 months afterwards. Challenging behaviour, carers' concerns about epilepsy and perceived quality of life were assessed using standardized measures. Results: Recruitment was low (n = 42). Six participants did not enter the trial. Two participants withdrew at initiation of treatment, one with seizures worsening and one with a rash, and a further one later on with a rash; all were felt to be drug related. Three other participants withdrew for independent reasons. Twelve months follow-up was achieved for 26 participants (62%) and at least 6 months follow-up for 30 participants (71%). Median seizure frequency reduced from baseline levels of 4.2 per week to average post-intervention levels of 2.2 for the 30 participants (z = -2.53, p < .05). No overall change in challenging behaviour was found, although increases in behaviour problems were reported for a minority. Patient concerns about seizures and medical treatment declined and perceived quality of life relating to seizure severity improved whilst that related to behaviour deteriorated. Increased adverse effects were reported immediately after initiation of levetiracetam but declined towards baseline levels by study completion. Discussion: Conclusions must remain tentative due to methodological weaknesses. Further investigation of the possible changes found here within a controlled study is merited. © 2008 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of chronic pain: a synthesis of recommendations from systematic reviews$$$ Objectives: Chronic pain is one of the most prevalent, costly and disabling conditions in both clinical practice and the workplace, yet often remains inadequately treated. Moreover, chronic pain commonly co-occurs with depression, anxiety and somatoform disorders, and adversely affects response of these conditions to psychiatric treatments. This article provides an evidence-based approach to the pharmacotherapy of chronic pain. Methods: This narrative review is derived largely from meta-analyses and systematic reviews published since 2005. For a few medications, findings from multiple recent trials are synthesized if a systematic review had not yet been published. Classes of medications are first reviewed, followed by an overview of four common pain disorders: neuropathic pain, low back pain, fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis. Results: A stepped care approach based upon existing evidence includes (1) simple analgesics (acetaminophen or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs); (2) tricyclic antidepressants (if neuropathic, back or fibromyalgia pain) or tramadol; (3) gabapentin, duloxetine or pregabalin if neuropathic pain; (4) cyclobenzaprine, pregabalin, duloxetine, or milnacipran for fibromyalgia; (5) topical analgesics (capsaicin, lidocaine, salicylates) if localized neuropathic or arthritic pain; and (6) opioids. Disease-specific recommendations for neuropathic, low back, fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis pain are reviewed. Conclusions: A number of medications have proven effective in chronic pain disorders and their use individually or in combination should improve the management of chronic pain. © 2009. ER  - 
Psychiatric issues in epilepsy: The complex relation of mood, anxiety disorders, and epilepsy$$$ The comorbid psychiatric disorders in patients with epilepsy have been neglected for a long time. And yet, epidemiological studies have demonstrated a relatively high prevalence of mood, anxiety, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorders. Furthermore, the relation between psychiatric disorders and epilepsy is complex, as illustrated by the relation between mood disorders and epilepsy. The aim of this article is to summarize the most relevant data on the complex relation between mood disorders and epilepsy, which extends to anxiety disorders and which can be explained by the existence of common pathogenic mechanisms shared by these three conditions. The significance of such a relation is not only theoretical, but has a marked impact on the response to pharmacological and surgical treatment of seizure disorders. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neurophysiciatric changes in associated with human parvovirus B 19 meningoencephalitis$$$ Human parvovirus B 19 (B19) is a common infectious pathogen in humans. Infection with B19 has been associated with various neurological syndromes including encephalitis, seizures, disturbance of consciousness, meningitis, cerebellar ataxia, transverse myelitis, optic neuropathy, neurologic amytrophy, Guillain-Barre Syndrome, paraesthe- sia and carpal tunnel syndrome. In two retrospective studies, B19 virus was detected in 4.6% and 4.3% of undiagnosed meningoencephalitis cases. Since its discovery, B19 has been linked with a broad spectrum of clinical syndromes. An aetiological role for the virus has been confirmed in erythema infectiosum, transient aplastic crisis, persistent infection manifesting as pure red cell aplasia in immunocompromised persons, non-immune hydrops fetalis and arthritis. Less commonly recognized, but receiving increasing attention, are the neurological manifestations, a variety of which have been described in patients with either clinically diagnosed or laboratory confirmed B19 infection. A 75-year-old, previously healthy and an intellectual retired doctor was admitted to hospital due to abrupt beginning of headache, confusion, agitation, dysarthria and fever. Physical examination revealed abnormal mentation, cognitive disorders, dysarthria and apparent neck stiffness. The initial fever was around 38°C and resolved in two days. Patients with viral meningoencephalitis usually have signs and symptoms of meningeal inflammation, but, in addition to headache, fever, and nuchal rigidity, it is characterised by alterations of consciousness. Our patient was diagnosed as B19 meningoencephalitis with the inflammatory CNS profile, abnormal mentation, cognitive disorders, dysarthria and apparent neck stiffness combined with the microbiological data. Generally, the neurophysiciatric changes were seen in childhood B19 meningoencephalitis. To the author's knowledge, our case differs from other adult cases reported in the literature due to dominant presenting pattern of cerebral involvement with cognitive disorders, personality changes and dysarthria. Moreover, the level of Parvovirus B19 DNA was relatively low, which resemble to offer a subacute or chronic character The patient we present is a rare case of B19-associated with neurophysiciatric disorders in which mortality seems to be high and that B19 might be the responsible agent for CNS infections particularly in those without specific diagnosis. ER  - 
Botulinum neurotoxins for post-stroke spasticity in adults: A systematic review$$$ The aim of this systematic review was to determine whether botulinum neurotoxin (BoNT) reduce spasticity or improve function in adult patients after stroke. Eleven double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trials met inclusion criteria. They encompassed 782 patients, 767 (98%) of whom received BoNT/A, and 15 (2%) BoNT/B. Most studies used the Ashworth scale as primary outcome measure. Differences between treated and control groups were assessed as categorical or continuous comparisons. The overall effect on upper limb spasticity was in favor of BoNT/A. A significantly higher number of patients had a reduction of upper limb spasticity at 4-week and 8-week evaluations in the treatment group compared with placebo. Mean changes in joint spasticity revealed improvement 3 to 6 weeks and 9 to 12 weeks after treatment. There were insufficient data to establish BoNT/A efficacy on lower limb spasticity or the effect of BoNT/B on the upper and lower limbs. Because of inconsistency and heterogeneity of the available data, it was not possible to perform a meta-analysis on disability and patients' reported outcomes. There was an overlapping safety profile between the treatment and the placebo groups. BoNT/A reduces upper limb spasticity in patients post-stroke, but the improvement in functional ability remains to be established. This gap needs to be filled by new studies to assess the effect of BoNT in the context of multidisciplinary patient management. © 2009 Movement Disorder Society. ER  - 
Clinically isolated syndrome and multiple sclerosis: Rethinking the arsenal$$$ Until the end of the past century, a diagnosis of multiple sclerosis (MS) was often accompanied by a sense of apprehension, fueled primarily by the lack of available therapies and failed attempts with numerous agents. The modern era of MS therapeutics introduced in the past 20 years has helped to assuage the previous belief that little could be done to treat MS. The advent of disease-modifying treatments such as interferons and glatiramer acetate has had a notable impact on the course of MS. Numerous trials have demonstrated the clear benefit of initiating therapy in patients with a diagnosis of MS, but more importantly, they have shown that early initiation of treatment can delay progression to clinically definite MS in patients with clinically isolated syndrome who have concurrent changes on MRI. As newer agents become available, trials to assess their efficacy and tolerability are under way in an effort to expand the arsenal of available treatments. However, questions constantly resurface about the effect of treatments on disability, the safety of combination therapies, the role in neuroprotection, and other aspects. Moreover, recent attention regarding a radiologic and clinical dissociation, best illustrated by the anecdotally termed "radiologically isolated syndrome," highlights the frustrations facing clinicians when they try to predict disease course and the role of medications, if any. Despite the need for clear answers to these questions, the current practice is to initiate the available treatments early in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis, in order to reduce the severity and frequency of clinical relapses. Treatment should also be initiated early in patients with clinically isolated syndrome because they are at high risk for developing clinically definite multiple sclerosis. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Spasticity$$$ Treatment of spasticity requires a team approach, including the patient and caregivers, therapists, physicians, and surgeons. The team needs to determine what component of the spasticity interferes with function. Traditional therapy continues to dominate the therapy provided to patients who are living with spasticity. Treatment of increased tone must be part of the overall treatment plan for the patient. The plan may also include physical and occupational therapy, oral medication, injections of botulinum toxin, use of an intrathecal baclofen pump, or surgery. For patients with limited improvement from therapy, injections of botulinum toxin are often first-line treatment for focal spasticity involving overactive muscle groups. Botulinum toxin is safe when used at recommended doses and has limited side effects. The benefits of oral medications in patients with focal spasticity may be limited by adverse effects at higher doses. Refractory spasticity may be treated with intrathecal baclofen. Surgery is reserved for patients in whom the other modalities fail to provide meaningful improvement. Continued communication from all members of the team can assure the best spasticity management plan for the individual patient, but patients need to have realistic expectations about outcome. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Lacosamide: In partial-onset seizures$$$ Lacosamide is a functionalized amino acid, the antiepileptic effects of which appear to be due to a novel mode of action, namely the selective enhancement of slow inactivation of voltage-gated sodium channels.▲ Lacosamide is available as oral or intravenous formulations. Bioequivalence between the oral tablet and the oral syrup of lacosamide has been established. The bioavailability of the oral lacosamide tablet was similar to that of a 30- or 60-minute intravenous infusion of lacosamide administered at the same dosage. Oral lacosamide when added concomitantly with between one and three antiepileptic drugs was effective in adult patients with uncontrolled partial-onset seizures with or without secondary generalization, according to pooled data (n1308) from three phase IIIII studies that had a 12-week maintenance phase. The percentage of patients with a ≥50 reduction from baseline to the maintenance phase in seizure frequency was significantly greater with oral lacosamide 200 or 400mgday (34 and 40) than with placebo (23). The median percentage reduction in seizure frequency per 28 days from baseline to the maintenance phase was significantly greater with lacosamide 400mgday than with placebo in each of the three phase IIIII studies.▲ Lacosamide was generally well tolerated in adult patients with partial-onset seizures, with most treatment-emergent adverse events being of mild or moderate severity. Dizziness was the most common treatment-related adverse event. When used as short-term replacement for oral lacosamide, intravenous lacosamide was well tolerated when administered as a 15-, 30- or 60-minute infusion.Fig. No caption available © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Current strategies in the diagnosis and treatment of childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Symptoms of childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder affect cognitive, academic, behavioral, emotional, social, and developmental functioning. Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder is the most commonly diagnosed neurodevelopmental disorder in children and adolescents. An estimated 2 to 16 percent of school-aged children have been diagnosed with the disorder. The prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the primary care setting is similar to that in the general community, depending on the diagnostic criteria and population studied. The causality of attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder is relatively unknown. Most recent studies focus on the role of dopamine; norepinephrine; and, most recently, serotonin neurotransmitters. The disorder is classified into three general subtypes: predominantly hyperactive-impulsive, predominantly inattentive, and combined. Screening tools and rating scales have been devised to assist with the diagnosis. Appropriate treatment can dramatically improve the function and quality of life of the patient and family. Pharmacologic treatment includes stimulants, such as methylphenidate and mixed amphetamine salts, or nonstimulants, such as atomoxetine. Behavioral approaches, particularly those that reward desirable behavior, are also effective. A combination of pharmacologic and behavioral therapies is recommended. Copyright © 2009 American Academy of Family Physicians. ER  - 
Pediatric palliative care: Use of opioids for the management of pain$$$ Pediatric palliative care (PPC) is provided to children experiencing life-limiting diseases (LLD) or life-threatening diseases (LTD). Sixty to 90% of children with LLD/LTD undergoing PPC receive opioids at the end of life. Analgesia is often insufficient. Reasons include a lack of knowledge concerning opioid prescribing and adjustment of opioid dose to changing requirements. The choice of first-line opioid is based on scientific evidence, pain pathophysiology, and available administration modes. Doses are calculated on a bodyweight basis up to a maximum absolute starting dose. Morphine remains the gold standard starting opioid in PPC. Long-term opioid choice and dose administration is determined by the pathology, analgesic effectiveness, and adverse effect profile. Slow-release oral morphine remains the dominant formulation for long-term use in PPC with hydromorphone slow-release preparations being the first rotation opioid when morphine shows severe adverse effects. The recently introduced fentanyl transdermal therapeutic system with a drug-release rate of 12.5 μg/hour matches the lower dose requirements of pediatric cancer pain control. Its use may be associated with less constipation compared with morphine use. Though oral transmucosal fentanyl citrate has reduced bioavailability (25%), it inherits potential for breakthrough pain management. However, the gold standard breakthrough opioid remains immediate-release morphine. Buprenorphine is of special clinical interest as a result of its different administration routes, long duration of action, and metabolism largely independent of renal function. Antihyperalgesic effects, induced through antagonism at the κ-receptor, may contribute to its effectiveness in neuropathic pain. Methadone also has a long elimination half-life (19 'SD 14' hours) and NMDA receptor activity although dose administration is complicated by highly variable morphine equianalgesic equivalence (1 : 2.5-20). Opioid rotation to methadone requires special protocols that take this into account. Strategies to minimize adverse effects of long-term opioid treatment include dose reduction, symptomatic therapy, opioid rotation, and administration route change. Patient- or nurse-controlled analgesia devices are useful when pain is rapidly changing, or in terminal care where analgesic requirements may escalate. In this article, we present detailed pediatric pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic data for opioids, their indications and contraindications, as well as dose-administration regimens that include practical strategies for opioid switching and dose reduction. Additionally, we discuss the problem of hyperalgesia and the use of adjuvant drugs to support opioid therapy. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Incidence of neuropsychiatric adverse events in influenza patients treated with oseltamivir or no antiviral treatment$$$ Aims: The association between neuropsychiatric events and antiviral treatments for influenza has been under scrutiny. In this study, the incidence of neuropsychiatric events in influenza patients dispensed oseltamivir or no antiviral was assessed using a large US medical claims database. Methods: Propensity score balanced cohorts from a prior study of influenza patients with and without oseltamivir exposure were expanded and reanalysed in this retrospective study. Patients ≥ 1 year with an influenza diagnosis [International Classification of Disease, 9th revision (ICD-9) 487.XX] during the study period (1 November 1999 to 30 April 2005) were identified and grouped into two cohorts: those dispensed oseltamivir [n = 60,267, 60,834 incident cases (ICs)] and those dispensed no-antiviral (n = 175,933, 183,786 ICs). Cohorts were stratified by age: ≤ 17 years (oseltamivir, n = 20,501 ICs; no-antiviral, n = 84,871 ICs) and ≥ 18 years (oseltamivir, n = 40,333 ICs; no-antiviral, n = 98,915 ICs). Medical claims in the 30 days (overall analysis) or 14 days (stratified analysis) after diagnosis were searched for indications of neuropsychiatric events. Claims-based outcome measures included three hierarchical neuropsychiatric categories: one broad, one restrictive (excluding particular disorders/conditions) and one limited to central nervous system (CNS)-specific disorders. Results: In the overall analysis, no increase in the incidence of claims-based neuropsychiatric events was detected in the patients dispensed oseltamivir vs. those dispensed no antiviral. Claims-based neuropsychiatric events were also reported with a similar frequency in patients ≤ 17 years and ≥ 18 years who did and did not receive antivirals. Conclusion: In this retrospective cohort study, no increase in claims-based neuropsychiatric events was detected in influenza patients who were and were not exposed to oseltamivir. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy$$$ This contribution is aimed at potential prescribers of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and covers the place of ECT in the treatment of major depression and mania in contemporary practice. The prescribing cycle is discussed: the selection of electrode placement, and the frequency and number of treatments. Adverse effects, outcome, and continuation treatment after ECT are also considered. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neurosurgery for mental disorder, vagus nerve stimulation, and deep brain stimulation$$$ Advanced treatment options are available from a few tertiary centres for patients with the most severe and treatment-refractory forms of depression and obsessive-compulsive disorder. These treatments include ablative neurosurgery and electrical stimulation procedures directed against different neural targets. They include vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) and deep brain stimulation (DBS). Ablative procedures, such as anterior cingulotomy, are the best established of these alternatives, although the newer electrical stimulation procedures confer potential advantages with respect to surgical morbidity and reversibility. Whilst evidence for VNS as an effective therapy for depression is accruing, DBS remains an experimental treatment, with definitive evidence of efficacy awaited. All neurosurgical procedures used to treat psychiatric disorder should be provided by specialist multidisciplinary teams with expertise in the management of psychiatric disorder by pharmacological and psychological treatment methods. All psychiatric neurosurgical procedures should be subject to detailed long-term clinical audit to determine efficacy and adverse effect burden. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy for depressive episodes: A brief review$$$ A representative case is presented to provide a forum for a brief review of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), a treatment that remains safe and effective in treating several psychiatric and neuropsychiatric conditions. The history, indications, efficacy, adverse events, treatment course, and aftercare are discussed in order to provide the reader a general introduction to this useful procedure. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of combination of Etanercept and methotrexate compared to treatment with Etanercept only in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (jia): Preliminary data from the german JIA registry$$$ Objective: Etanercept monotherapy has been studied and approved for treatment of polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA). The following study evaluates the safety and efficacy of combination therapy of etanercept and methotrexate compared to etanercept monotherapy in JIA. Methods: We perfomed an open, non-randomised study on patients who had previously failed to respond to at least one disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD). A total of 722 patients with JIA in whom at least 1 item of follow-up data was recorded were identified; of these, 118 patients treated with further slow acting drugs were excluded. In all, 504 patients were treated with a combination of etanercept and methotrexate. A total of 100 patients treated with etanercept only were in the control group. Efficacy was calculated using the American College of Rheumatology paediatric scores for 30, 50 and 70% improvement (PedACR30/50/70). Adverse events (AEs) and serious adverse events (SAEs) were reported. Results: After 12 months 55 patients in the monotherapy group and 376 patients in the etanercept and methotrexate group were available for comparison. For the intention to treat analysis, 65 patients discontinuing treatment prematurely were included. All activity parameters decreased significantly in both treatment groups. After 12 months 81%/74%/62% of patients of the etanercept and methotrexate group and 70%/63%/45% of patients of the etanercept monotherapy group achieved PedACR30/50/70 scores, respectively (p, 0.05 for PedACR30, p, 0.01 for PedACR70). The likelihood of achieving a PedACR70 increased with combination therapy with an odds ratio of 2.1 (95% CI 1.2 to 3.5). In total, 25 infectious and 23 non-infectious SAEs including 3 malignancies occurred in the etanercept and methotrexate group, and 1 infectious and 3 non-infectious SAEs occurred in the single etanercept group. Conclusions: The patients' disease activity improved during etanercept monotherapy and etanercept and methotrexate combination therapy. Tolerability in both treatment groups was comparable. ER  - 
Intracerebral hemorrhage$$$ Objectives: To study intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) at Jordan University Hospital (JUH) with the aim of assessing prevalence, age/gender distribution, causes, clinical manifestations, and location of ICH on CT brain, treatment modalities and outcome, and to compare these findings with those from Middle Eastern and Western literature. Methods: Among 1498 patients with stroke seen over a 6-year-period, from January 2002 to December 2007 at JUH, Amman, Jordan, 100 patients with spontaneous ICH were studied retrospectively. Results: The prevalence of ICH was 6.7%. The mean age was 61 years, with 71 males, and 29 females. The most common cause was hypertension, alone or combined with the use of aspirin and/or warfarin. The most common clinical manifestations were hemiparesis/plegia, impaired level of consciousness (mean Glasgow coma scale [GCS] score = 7.3) and headache/vomiting. The most common location on CT brain was in the basal ganglia (61 patients). Seventy-nine patients received medical treatment and 21 had surgery. Forty-two patients died after a mean of 7 days (ranging from one day to 6 weeks). The factors related to mortality were old age >68 years, GCS <8, intraventricular extension of ICH on CT brain and the presence of other comorbidities. Among 58 survivors, 50 were left with neurological deficit, predominantly hemiparesis/plegia in 46 patients. Twelve patients were left with chronic epilepsy. Conclusion: This study shows a lower prevalence of ICH compared to developed countries, a similar age and gender distribution, and hypertension as the major risk factor, which should be the focus of public health in Jordan and the Arab World. ER  - 
Happiness and neurological diseases$$$ Happiness is an emotional state reflecting positive feelings and satisfaction with life, which, as an outcome in disease states or as an end point in clinical trials, is a neglected concept in most therapeutic areas. In neurological disease, happiness is important as it can be diminished either as a direct result of damage to neuronal tissue or as a reaction to a poor prognosis. The monitoring and maintenance of happiness and wellbeing have historically been considered to be peripheral to medicine. However, as happiness interacts with the patient's physical health, it is an important parameter to assess alongside all aspects of any given disease. Happiness provides a reliable overview of the patient's general status over and above standard parameters for quality of life, and is more wide-ranging than the narrow measures of disease activity or treatment efficacy that are the focus of most clinical trials. In many studies, happiness has been associated with health and success in most areas of life, including performance at work, sporting achievement and social functioning. For approximately a decade, previously studied aspects of psychology have been grouped under the label of positive psychology (PoP). Principles of this discipline are now being used to guide some treatments in neurological and psychiatric diseases. PoP aims to define patient wellbeing in scientific terms and to increase understanding of happiness, meaning in life, resilience and character strengths, as well as to determine how this knowledge can be applied clinically to promote health. Some evidence has emerged recently suggesting that improvements in patient status can result from interventions to improve the patient's level of happiness in diseases, including epilepsy, Huntington's disease, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's disease and stroke. Several effective approaches to increase happiness employ activities to engage and stimulate patients who might otherwise be unoccupied and isolated. In addition, specific interventions to increase happiness developed by PoP clinicians have demonstrated efficacy and validity. Several measurement scales now exist that reliably measure happiness as a long-term state, rather than as a fluctuating condition resulting from prevailing mood. These enable the use of happiness as an end point in clinical trials. As happiness becomes increasingly accepted as an important consideration in neurological disease, it is likely to be monitored more extensively, with measures to raise happiness levels being taken as an effective means of improving patient outcomes. © 2009 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment strategies for focal epilepsy$$$ Background: Treatment strategies for focal epilepsy need to take account of the phase and severity of the seizure disorder, comorbidity, gender and age. Methods: Expert review and evaluation of major studies on the treatment of focal epilepsy. Results: Complete seizure control is most often achieved with antiepileptic drug (AED) monotherapy. In the choice of AED, possible unfavourable endocrine, cognitive or psychiatric adverse effects and their interaction with the non-seizure manifestations of focal epilepsy have to be considered. In women teratogenic risks associated with AED may be relevant. If complete seizure control cannot be achieved with the first three steps of AED treatment, epilepsy surgery becomes the most likely treatment modality to provide complete seizure control. It is proposed that AED combination treatment should be limited to two or three agents to minimize the risk of side effects, especially negative effects on cognition. Conclusions: Recent developments in the treatment of focal epilepsy have made it easier to tailor AED therapy to patients' demographic and clinical profile. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Bupropion and naltrexone: A review of their use individually and in combination for the treatment of obesity$$$ Background: Bupropion and naltrexone are centrally active drugs that have shown potential efficacy - alone and in combination - for the treatment of obesity. Objective: To explore the efficacy and safety of naltrexone and bupropion alone and in a novel combination drug that utilizes sustainedrelease (SR) formulations of both drugs and to evaluate their efficacy in promoting weight loss. The mechanisms of action of these centrally acting drugs are discussed. Preclinical and clinical studies of bupropion and naltrexone alone and in combination are reviewed. Results/conclusions: Both bupropion and naltrexone have been shown individually to induce weight loss. Bupropion has greater efficacy as monotherapy. Naltrexone SR potentiates the effects of bupropion SR; thus, this synergistic combination has the potential for additional weight loss compared to monotherapy. Current Phase III trials will yield further safety and efficacy information regarding these drugs in combination. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved. ER  - 
Rare and unusual... Or are they? Less commonly diagnosed encephalopathies associated with systemic disease$$$ Encephalopathy due to hepatic or renal failure, electrolyte disturbances, or the administration of benzodiazepines and narcotics is commonly encountered, well reviewed in the literature, and, therefore, not usually missed. This article focuses on encephalopathies that were previously well described but may be overlooked by modern clinicians, as well as those that are still taught in the classroom but seldom thought of in practice. Due to the presumed relative rarity of these cases and emphasis on the well-memorized "classic" clinical presentations, these often treatable, and perhaps not so rare, encephalopathies due to systemic medical illness may go undiagnosed and untreated. Pancreatic encephalopathy, Wernicke's encephalopathy, and pellagra encephalopathy are reviewed in detail; cefepime and ifosfamide encephalopathies are discussed as examples of specific medication-induced encephalopathies. Septic encephalopathy, central pontine myelinolysis, and fat embolism syndrome are briefly reviewed. The encephalopathies reviewed have the potential for devastating neurological consequences if recognition and, therefore, treatment are delayed. Clinical improvement for many of these syndromes depends on prompt intervention. This article highlights some representative examples of less-commonly diagnosed metabolic and toxic encephalopathies. Copyright © 2009 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. ER  - 
Cognitive abilities and behaviour of children exposed to antiepileptic drugs in utero$$$ Purpose of review: The last two decades have witnessed a growing concern over the treatment of epilepsy in women of childbearing age, with an increased risk of major congenital malformations and possible cognitive difficulties associated with certain antiepileptic drugs. The aim here is to review the literature regarding the possible cognitive and behavioural impact of exposure to antiepileptic drugs in utero. Recent findings Recent evidence from large prospective cohorts indicates that there is a longer term risk to the cognitive and behavioural development of the child exposed in utero to sodium valproate. Information on other antiepileptic agents is conflicting or nonexistent and more research in this area is urgently required. Summary Despite the methodological shortfalls of some of the research in this area, there is an accumulation of evidence highlighting an increased risk for cognitive and behavioural difficulties in children exposed to sodium valproate in utero. Although less certain, there may also be risks associated with phenobarbital and phenytoin exposure. Information regarding these risks should be communicated to the potential mother who has epilepsy. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Suicide and epilepsy$$$ Purpose of Review: For many years, it has been accepted that suicide may be more common in people with epilepsy. Recent studies have investigated risk factors. Recent findings Studies have shown that a history of psychiatric disease increases the risk of suicide in a person with epilepsy but have also shown that the risk of suicide in people with epilepsy is increased in the absence of a psychiatric history. People with epilepsy may have undiagnosed and untreated psychiatric illness, and depression (both reactive and endogenous) may occur. Studies have suggested that the relationship between seizures and depression or suicidal behaviour may be bidirectional, and both major depression and attempted suicide increase the risk of developing seizures. Forced normalization and postictal psychosis may also contribute to suicidal behaviour. Antiepileptic drugs have been implicated in causing psychiatric adverse effects and suicidal behaviour. Summary It is important to take an holistic approach when evaluating and monitoring people with epilepsy. Clinicians should screen for depression and treat appropriately. The choice of which antiepileptic drug to use may also be influenced by the presence of depression or suicidal ideation. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Acupuncture: What Does the Most Reliable Evidence Tell Us?$$$ Many trials of acupuncture and numerous systematic reviews have recently become available. Their conclusions are far from uniform. In an attempt to find the most reliable type of evidence, this article provides an overview of Cochrane reviews of acupuncture. Such reviews were studied, their details extracted, and they were categorized as: reviews with a negative conclusion (no evidence that acupuncture is effective); reviews that were inconclusive; and reviews with a positive or tentatively positive conclusion. Thirty-two reviews were found, covering a wide range of conditions. Twenty-five of them failed to demonstrate the effectiveness of acupuncture. Five reviews arrived at positive or tentatively positive conclusions and two were inconclusive. The conditions that are most solidly backed up by evidence are chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting, postoperative nausea/vomiting, and idiopathic headache. It is concluded that Cochrane reviews of acupuncture do not suggest that this treatment is effective for a wide range of conditions. © 2009 U.S. Cancer Pain Relief Committee. ER  - 
Central and peripheral nervous system toxicity of common chemotherapeutic agents$$$ Central and peripheral nervous system toxicity are frequent complications of most chemotherapy regimens, often leading to reduction of dosages or cessation of the responsible drugs. However, sometimes the afflicted toxicity may not be reversible, especially if it is not recognized early, further compromising the quality of life of the cancer patients. The most common chemotherapeutic agents that might cause CNS toxicity manifested as encephalopathy of various severities include methotrexate, vincristine, ifosfamide, cyclosporine, fludarabine, cytarabine, 5-fluorouracil, cisplatin and the interferons (alpha > beta). Involvement of the peripheral nervous system manifested as distal peripheral neuropathy results after therapy with cisplatin, vincristine, taxanes, suramin and thalidomide. Although several compounds have been proposed as neuroprotective agents, few have been shown to be active against the chemotherapy induced neurotoxicity. © 2008 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Non-convulsive status epilepticus following antibiotic therapy as a cause of unexplained loss of consciousness in patients with renal failure$$$ Background: Non-convulsive status epilepticus (NCSE): a condition that may be associated with different levels of altered consciousness without any apparent motor signs. There are published reports that it may be associated with antibiotic use patients with renal failure. Method: This is a retrospective analysis of our 12 NCSE (2 men, 10 women, a mean age: 58.4 ± 17.5 range of 29-85 years) patients with renal failure who have used antibiotics. Results: Twelve patients were receiving a total of 19 antibiotics including mainly beta-lactams. The mean duration of time between start of antibiotic treatment and NCSE was 8.0 (3-21) days. In all of the patients, neurological symptoms were slowly progressive and consisted of depression of consciousness and/or disorientation. Diazepam administration resulted in marked reduction or completely disappears of epileptic activity. Four of 12 patients (33%) died, but none of were associated with NCSE but primarily associated with infection developed secondary to the preexisting disease and with congestive heart failure which patients already had. Conclusion: Antibiotics, especially beta-lactams could be neurotoxic and may cause of NCSE. NCSE should be considered in patients with unexplained loss of consciousness; EEG must be a part of investigations in patients with uraemia receiving antibiotics. © 2008 Japanese Society of Nephrology. ER  - 
Sensorimotor seizures of pediatric onset with unusual posteriorly oriented rolandic spikes$$$ Background: Benign childhood epilepsy with centro-temporal spikes (BECCT) is usually associated with anteriorly oriented rolandic discharges. We report an unusual type of childhood-onset epilepsy with sensorimotor seizures associated with posteriorly oriented rolandic discharges. Methods: Among 942 patients who underwent simultaneous electroencephalography and magnetoencephalography (MEG) for epilepsy evaluation, we found 7 patients with sensorimotor seizures aged under 13 years at onset, with no abnormal magnetic resonance imaging findings, and posteriorly oriented rolandic discharges detected by MEG. Ictal and interictal symptoms were evaluated retrospectively. Result: All patients had rolandic seizures as well as atypical seizures, such as falling, head dropping, auditory hallucinations, postural symptoms and/or automatism. Seizures were medically intractable in 5 patients and well controlled in 2, one of whom had behavioral problems and the other had transient graphomotor impairment. Conclusion: Posteriorly oriented rolandic discharges are better detected by MEG, and would exclude BECCT. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Self-reported memory problems in everyday activities in patients with epilepsy treated with antiepileptic drugs$$$ Objective: The goal of this study was to assess everyday memory complaints in a large cohort of patients with epilepsy treated with antiepileptic drugs and to determine demographic, clinical, and emotional state factors associated with patients' self-perception of memory disturbances. Methods: This cross-sectional epidemiological study was carried out in routine clinical practice using the Questionnaire of Memory Efficiency (QME) and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). Results: Six hundred sixty-one patients were recruited. The time since epilepsy diagnosis was 17.3 years (SD = 12.5); the number of seizures in the past year 13.8 (SD = 4.8); the proportion of patients free of seizures in the last year 42.5%; the proportion of patients with partial seizures 73.2%; and the proportion of patients on monotherapy 56.3%. Total QME score was 110.0 (SD = 18.6). Depression and anxiety scores and polytherapy explained 38.7% of the QME variance. Conclusions: Subjective memory functioning in this cohort of patients with epilepsy was relatively good. Complaints expressed by these patients are explained mainly by the presence of depressive and anxiety symptoms. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Sociodemographic and clinical factors associated with depression in epilepsy$$$ The impact of mood disorders on patients with epilepsy is an important and growing area of research. If clinicians are adept at recognizing which patients with epilepsy are at risk for mood disorders, treatment can be facilitated and morbidity avoided. We completed a case-control study (80 depressed subjects, 141 nondepressed subjects) to determine the sociodemographic and clinical factors associated with self-reported depression in people with epilepsy. The Patient Health Questionnaire-9 was used to determine clinically significant depression. In multivariate analyses, depressed subjects with epilepsy were significantly less likely than nondepressed subjects to be married or employed and more likely to report comorbid medical problems and active seizures in the past 6 months. Adjusted for all other variables, subjects with epilepsy reporting lamotrigine use were significantly less likely to be depressed (OR = 0.4, 95% CI: 0.2-0.8) compared with those not reporting lamotrigine use. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cognitive behavioral therapy for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Treatment trials for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are few, despite the high prevalence and disabling nature of the disorder. We evaluated the effect of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) on reduction of PNES. Secondary measures included psychiatric symptom scales and psychosocial variables. We conducted a prospective clinical trial assessing the frequency of PNES in outpatients treated using a CBT for PNES manual. Subjects diagnosed with video/EEG-confirmed PNES were treated with CBT for PNES conducted in 12 weekly sessions. Seizure calendars were charted prospectively. Twenty-one subjects enrolled, and 17 (81%) completed the CBT intervention. Eleven of the 17 completers reported no seizures by their final CBT session. Mean scores on scales of depression, anxiety, somatic symptoms, quality of life, and psychosocial functioning showed improvement from baseline to final session. CBT for PNES reduced the number of PNES and improved psychiatric symptoms, psychosocial functioning, and quality of life. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychotic disorders in Argentine patients with refractory temporal lobe epilepsy: A case-control study$$$ The issue of psychotic disorders in epilepsy has given rise to great controversy among professionals; however, there are not many studies in this area and the physiopathological mechanisms remain unknown. The aim of this study was to describe the spectrum of psychotic disorders in an Argentine population with refractory temporal lobe epilepsy (RTLE) and to determine the risk factors associated with psychotic disorders. Clinical variables of the epileptic syndrome were compared among a selected population with RTLE with and without psychotic disorders (DSM-IV/Ictal Classification of psychoses). Logistic regression was performed. Sixty-three patients with psychotic disorders (Psychotic Group, PG) and 60 controls (Control Group, CG) were included. The most frequent psychotic disorders were brief psychotic episodes (35%) (DSM-IV) and interictal psychosis (50%) (Ictal Classification). Risk factors for psychotic disorders were bilateral hippocampal sclerosis, history of status epilepticus, and duration of epilepsy greater than 20 years. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Medical treatment of epilepsy : HHHidden dimensions$$$ Treatment with antiepileptic drugs (AED) increases the chance of seizure control in patients with epilepsy. This control is best achieved with AED monotherapy in the early stages of the disease. In up to 28% of the remaining patients, complete seizure control is obtained with AED combination therapy. In our own retrospective studies, levetiracetam proved to be the most effective drug in add-on treatment of focal epilepsies. Seizure control for at least 6 months was seen in 22.8% of patients, and reduction of seizure frequency by more than 50% was achieved in 58.8%. One must however consider that up to 50% of all seizures are not recognized by the patients. This is especially the case in complex partial seizures and in seizures during sleep. Seizure control (as recognized by the patient) allows better social reintegration, e.g. by obtaining a driving license. In addition to AED therapy other epilepsy-related symptoms such as depression need diagnosis and treatment. Of all patients with epilepsy, 30-50% suffer from depression, but about 50% of these are not willing to start antidepressant drug therapy. © 2009 Springer Medizin Verlag. ER  - 
Update on smoking cessation therapies$$$ As a reflection of an exponential increase in smoking rates throughout the world during the last century, the economic and human burden of mortality and morbidity related to smoking is now clearly defined. Smoking cessation is associated with health benefits for people of all ages. In this paper we provide a comprehensive review of current licensed pharmacological smoking cessation agents including efficacy and safety profiles, with comparisons of individual therapies available. Furthermore, we offer a prospective on the need for further testing of other agents including novel avenues of therapy. © 2009 Springer Healthcare Communications. ER  - 
Designing new AEDs: From bench and animal models to benefits in refractory epilepsy$$$ The new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) currently in development can be divided into two categories: (1) drugs with completely new chemical structures such as ganaxolone, perampanel and retigabine, or the recently approved AEDs rufinamide (Inovelon) and lacosamide (Vimpat); (2) drugs that are derivatives of existing AEDs that can be regarded as second-generation or follow-up compounds of established AEDs. The following are second generation AEDs: eslicarbazepine acetate (Zebinex) (carbamazepine derivative or prodrug to oxcarbazepine active entity Slicarbazepine); valrocemide, valnoctamide and propylisopropylacetamide or PID (valproic acid derivatives); XP13512 (gabapentin prodrug) and brivaracetam (levetiracetam derivative). For any of these follow-up compounds to become successful, it must be superior to the first generation AED (most likely to become a generic product when the new AED is approved) and circumvent some of the side effects associated with its therapy. The development of new AEDs has been based on the utilization of animal models that were introduced with the discovery of phenytoin in 1938. Models with a similarly high predictive value do not exist in other CNS areas, such as migraine or bipolar disorder. Although there are a large number of models that could be utilized to screen for anticonvulsant activity, the maximal electroshock (MES) and subcutaneous metrazole (scMet) models remain the 'gold standard' in early stages of testing. Compounds active in either the MES or scMet models have generally been efficacious in clinical trials. The new AEDs discovered through the empirical approach of animal models have been more successful than the new AEDs discovered by a mechanism-based design (e.g. vigabatrin and tiagabine). The approach used so far for the discovery of new AEDs has advantages and disadvantages. The advantages are: (1) the use of easy models in intact rodents which detect anticonvulsant effects, regardless of the mechanisms of action involved; (2) the applicability of MES and scMet models to high-throughput screening, as demonstrated by the NIH Anticonvulsant Screening Program; (3) the possibility of using these models to assess pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic relationships which are valuable to guide human studies. Disadvantages are: (1) the notion that conventional models are likely to identify more of the 'same' new AEDs, e.g. drugs which share characteristics comparable to existing agents are unlikely to have a major impact on refractory epilepsies; (2) due to the heterogeneity of seizure disorders in humans, it is unlikely that a few animal models will predict the full therapeutic potential of a drug candidate; (3) anticonvulsant animal models are unlikely to predict human tolerability, an important consideration because in the clinical setting a high degree of efficacy may be prevented by dose-limiting adverse effects. One innovative approach to overcome the first disadvantage is to utilize animal models that display a phenotype consistent with pharmaco-resistance, such as the phenytoin-resistant kindled rat, the lamotrigineresistant kindled rat, and the 6-Hz psychomotor seizure model. A new AED can be successful if at least one of the following criteria are met: (1) greater effectiveness in refractory epilepsies; (2) ability to prevent or delay the onset of epilepsy (epileptogenesis); (3) usefulness in other nonepileptic CNS disorders and preferably superiority over existing drugs; (4) fewer adverse effects; e) improved ease of use (rapid titration, linear pharmacokinetics, lack of drug interactions and longer half-life). If a new drug candidate meets item '3' in the above criteria, there is a greater economic incentive for its development, as shown by the commercial success of those AEDs which are approved for other indications such as migraine prophylaxis (valproic acid, topiramate), neuropathic pain (gabapentin and pregabalin), and bipolar disorder (valproic acid, lamotrigine). ER  - 
Improving pharmacokinetics and safety through structural modifications: Lessons from valproic acid derivatives$$$ Valproic acid (VPA) is one of the four first line antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Although in animal models VPA is the least potent of the major AEDs, it has been established as an effective drug over the complete range of seizure types and is therefore a broad-spectrum anticonvulsant. VPA is also an effective (and FDA-approved) drug in migraine prophylaxis and in treatment of bipolar disorders. Two VPA amide derivatives, valrocemide and valnoctamide (racemate), are currently in phase II clinical trials for epilepsy and bipolar disorder, respectively. A VPA homologue (arundic acid or ONO-2506) is currently under clinical development for potential treatment of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases. The use of VPA is limited by its two rare but potentially life-threatening side effects: teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity. While VPA's teratogenicity is associated with the parent compound, primarily due to its carboxylic acid moiety, its hepatotoxicity results from biotransformation into hepatotoxic metabolites with a terminal double bond, specifically 4-ene-VPA and 2,4-diene-VPA. Consequently, there is an incentive to develop a second generation VPA that possesses the following characteristics: (1) broad-spectrum anticonvulsant; (2) better potency than VPA in epilepsy and other CNS disorders; (3) lack of teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity; e) lack of weight gain. These characteristics will endow such a VPA derivative a promising potential to become a second generation to VPA drug. Following a series of structure-pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic relationship studies of VPA, we developed aliphatic and cyclopropyl VPA amide analogues and derivatives, designed to retain or enhance anticonvulsant and CNS-activity in the treatment of neuropathic pain and bipolar disorder, while avoiding its teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity. From a pharmacokinetic standpoint amides are superior to esters due to their better metabolic stability and the higher likelihood that they will work as drugs on their own rather than prodrug to their corresponding acids. A metabolically stable amide derivative of VPA cannot form an acyl-CoA that is the first step in the formation of a recitative metabolite 2,4-diene-VPA that has been associated with VPA-induced hepatotoxicity. The leading aliphatic VPA amide derivatives that emerged from our studies were valproyl glycinamide or valrocemide and the enantiomers of propylisopropylacetamide (PID) (R)-PID and (S)-PID. These compounds were more potent than VPA in a wide range of anticonvulsant animal models as well as animal models for neuropathic pain and were nonteratogenic in a mouse model for VPA-associated teratogenicity. Unlike VPA, the cyclopropyl amide analogues of VPA: 2,2,3,3-tetramethylcyclopropanecarboxamide (TMCD), N-methyl-TMCD (MTMCD) and 2,2,3,3-tetramethylcyclopropanecarbonyl urea (TMC-Urea), possess two quaternary carbons in the ?-positions to the carbonyl and hence cannot be biotransformed into hepatotoxic metabolites with a terminal double bond. MTMCD and TMC-Urea were found to be broad-spectrum anticonvulsants. Furthermore they are nonteratogenic and most probably nonhepatotoxic. TMC-Urea was the most promising anticonvulsant compound with a protective index (PI=TD50/ED50) of 18.5 in the maximal electroshock (MES) test, compared to 1.6 for VPA. TMCD, MTMCD and TMC-Urea also possess an antiallodynic activity in a rat model of neuropathic pain and are 2 and 7 times more potent than VPA. Furthermore MTMCD is equipotent to VPA and lithium in various models for bipolar disorder. In conclusion, valrocemide, PID enantiomers, MTMCD and TMC-Urea are CNS-active amide derivatives of VPA that re more potent than VPA, due to their lipophilicity, better brain permeability and metabolic stability. The broad spectrum and potent anticonvulsant and CNS activity, along with their lack of teratogenicity (animal models) high safety margin and favourable pharmacokinetic profile, make these compounds attractive candidates to become new, potent and safe antiepileptics and CNS drugs. ER  - 
Etiology and clinical symptoms as a shortterm predictors of status epilepticus$$$ Purpose: The aim of the study was to analyze clinical symptoms, causes, complications and predictors of mortality in status epilepticus patients. Method: This retrospective study included 25 patients, 14 men and 11 women (aged 53+/-14 yrs) with status epilepticus (SE) treated in our Department between the year 1997 and 2007. Results: Preexisting epilepsy was found in 54% and previous SE in 15% of patients. In anamnesi, 44% of individuals were chronic alcoholics and 24% have cerebrovascular disease. The most common cause of SE were alcohol-related seizures (8 cases - 33%), followed by cerebrovascular incidence (4 cases - 17%) and brain tumors (3 cases - 12.5%). Unidentified cause of SE was in 30% of patients. About 85% of SE type seizures in our study were primarily or secondarily generalized. Markers of infections or initial increased body temperature (>38°C) were present in 33% and 20% of patients, respectively. Respiratory and cardiovascular complications were the most common complications of SE. During treatment, after previous diazepam application intravenous phenytoin in 56% of patients was given. Moreover 33% of patients required thiopental and 12.5% needed propofol for controlling the seizure activity. In about half of cases intubation and mechanical ventilation were required. Patient's mortality was about 37.5%, among which 44% were chronic alcoholics.Conclusion: Chronic alcohol dependence or/and alcohol withdrawal was the most common cause of SE in our series (33%) and was related with increased markers of infection, respiratory and cardiovascular complicances and high mortality. ER  - 
Status in symptomatic epilepsy. Frequency and types$$$ Purpose: To determinate the frequency and types of status in symptomatic epilepsy. Method: We did a retrospective study in a group of 1609 patients between 1 month old and 94 years old, visited between 1974 and 2007. All patients had been diagnosed of epilepsy by clinical criteria and complimentary test, such as EEG, MRI, CT, blood tests. Data base programs used were Open Acces IV initially and Microsoft Acces posteriorly. Results: From the total of 1609 patients, 764 (47,5%) were catalogued of symptomatic epilepsy corresponding to 17,8% to cerebral tumors, 14,4% to anoxia-encephalopathy, 12,3% to cranioencephalic trauma, 9,4% to vascular malformations, 8,63% to alcoholism, 7,2% to stroke, 5,7% to AIDS, 5,2% to infections (meingitis-meningoencephalitis), 19,3% to other causes. From a total of 94 patients with status, 64 (8,3%) belonged to the group of symptomatic epilepsy and 30 to the idiopatic group. The most frequent cause was cerebral anoxia (25% ot the total of status) followed by cerebral tumors (20,3%). The rest of causes had frequencies between 7 and 11%. Conclusion: Epileptic status is 2,3 more frequent in symptomatic epilepsy than in idiopatic epilepsy. The main cause of symptomatic epilepsy is cerebral anoxia followed by tumors. The rest of causes have a much lower frequency. ER  - 
Alcohol consumption and dependency increase the risk for developing epilepsy$$$ Background: Alcohol consumption and dependency are associated with prevalent epilepsy, possibly due to a decreased seizure threshold linked to toxic or chronic effects of consumption. No study has quantified the increased risk for developing epilepsy associated with alcohol consumption and dependency. We evaluated whether (1) cumulative alcohol consumption and (2) alcohol dependence were associated with an increased risk for first unprovoked idiopathic/cryptogenic seizure and incident epilepsy. Method: In this Icelandic population-based case-control study of adults aged 16 years and older, cases (n = 167) with first unprovoked seizure or first diagnosis of epilepsy of unknown etiology and controls (n = 334) were selected from the population registry and matched 2:1 to cases by age and sex. A standardized interview collected information on alcohol consumption by decade and an Icelandic translation of the SCID was used to ascertain alcohol dependence according to DSM-IIIR criteria. Conditional logistic regression was used to evaluate associations. Results: Compared with middle-level amounts of cumulative alcohol consumption, low consumption was associated with an increased risk for unprovoked seizure [odds ratio (OR)=1.5; 95% CI= 0.9-2.5]; high consumption was associated with a 1.9-fold increased risk (95% CI= 1.1- 3.1). Former drinkers had a 3-fold increased risk for unprovoked seizure compared to never drinkers (95% CI= 1.3-7.3). Alcohol dependency was associated with a 2.2-fold increased risk for unprovoked seizure (95% CI= 1.1-4.6). Conclusion: High cumulative alcohol consumption and alcohol dependence increase risk for developing unprovoked seizures of unknown etiology. Future work should focus upon potential mechanisms that may explain these associations. ER  - 
Clinical experience with etanercept in systemic lupus erythematosus patients$$$ Background: To investigate the efficacy and safety of therapeutic tumor necrosis factor (TNF) blockade in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), in whom disease remains active despite treatment with standard immunosuppressive drugs. Methods: 17 patients with moderately active SLE treated between 2003 and 2007 were included in a retrospective study. Eight with arthritis (chronic oligopoliarthritis) and skin lesions (rash, discoid lupus, alopecia); 6 with nephritis and 3 with neurological disease (vasculitis, seizures and psychosis) refractory to other therapies were included. All but two, were given etanercept 25mg twice a week in addition to azathioprine methotrexate or mycophenolate. One with arthritis and one neurological SLE received Infliximab together with the other immunosuppressant drugs for personal preference. Results: There were no serious adverse events observed. These patients had similar infectious episodes that rest of SLE patients in our hospital and admittance to hospital was only for active disease. For those with predominantly arthritis, renal or neurological symptoms, median SLEDAI at the begging was 9(6-14), 10.5 (10-22) and 15 (8-21) and after a median time on treatment of 1.84 (0.22-2.50), 0.57 (0.09-3.02) and 0.41 (0.25-2.79) years, SLEDAI decreased to a median value of 6 (0-8), 6 (0-12) and 11(4-12) respectively. At the end of the study, in those patients with arthritis, etanercept lost its efficacy in 5 of them after a median time of 1.21 years (0.22-2.5). Three were still on treatment for a median time of 2.17 years (2,06-2,14).In those with renal involvement, 4 stopped for inefficacy after a median time of 0.89 years (0, 22-3) and only one was still on treatment after 1.66 years. For those with neurological involvement, 2 stopped after a median time of 0.35 years (0.42-0.75) and one was still on treatment after 2.79 years. Due to retrospective data collection, there was not enough information about changes in antibodies or complements levels. Conclusions: In our cohort, etanercept did not lead to adverse events related to an increase in SLE activity. Clinical improvement in the inflammatory manifestations of the disease was showed in all of them except in one with renal SLE. Arthritis and skin lesions seem to respond better and longer than renal or neurological disease. Those data indicate that further study in larger controlled trials should be warranted. ER  - 
Can antiepileptic drugs unmask a susceptibility to psychiatric disorders?$$$ Psychiatric adverse events have been associated with rapid titration and high doses of most antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). However, several AEDs can cause such events at any dose. These agents include barbiturates, topiramate, levetiracetam and zonisamide. A search of the literature reveals that psychiatric adverse events associated with these AEDs seem not to occur at random. Rather, they are most likely to be reported by patients who have an inherent vulnerability to psychiatric disorders; that is, those with a personal or family history of psychiatric illness. In a recent study by Mula et al., patients who underwent rapid titration of topiramate had a fivefold increase in risk of depressive episodes. In patients with a history of depression, however, the risk increase was 23.3-fold. Thus, clinicians must ascertain a patient's personal and family psychiatric history before choosing an AED and planning the dose titration regimen. ER  - 
Cluster headache: Pharmacological treatment and neurostimulation$$$ Cluster headache is a primary headache syndrome that is characterized by excruciatingly severe, strictly unilateral attacks of orbital, supraorbital or temporal pain, which last 15 - 180 min and are accompanied by ipsilateral autonomic manifestations (e.g. lacrimation and rhinorrhea). The attacks typically occur with circadian rhythmicity, being experienced at fixed hours of the day or night. In episodic cluster headache, attacks usually occur daily in 6 - 12-week bouts (cluster periods) followed by remission periods. In chronic cluster headache there is no notable remission. Cluster headache attacks reach full intensity very quickly and abortive agents need to be administered without delay. The pathophysiology of cluster headache is imperfectly understood and treatment has so far been mainly empirical. However, neuroimaging studies have prompted the successful use of hypothalamic stimulation to treat the condition. More recently, the less invasive technique of occipital nerve stimulation has shown promise in drug-refractory chronic cluster headache. This Review discusses both acute and preventive treatments for cluster headache and includes suggestions of how to use the available medications. The rationale, study results and selection criteria for neurostimulation procedures are also summarized, as are the disadvantages of these procedures. ER  - 
Neurocognitive effects of antiepileptic drugs frequently used in long-term treatment of epilepsies: A review$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AED) alter neuronal excitation levels and may lead to neurocognitive changes. In recent years, several new AEDs have been introduced which are additionally used to treat mood disorders, neuropathic pain and migraine. Generally, very few controlled trials have systematically examined the cognitive side effects of AEDs. In particular, polytherapy with the newer AEDs is under-investigated. In this paper we review the most relevant data pertaining to neurocognitive side effects of AEDs that are currently prescribed in Switzerland for the long- term treatment of epilepsies. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG. ER  - 
Cardiovascular and neurological adverse events associated with antidepressant treatment in children and adolescents$$$ A retrospective cohort design of Medicaid medical and pharmacy claims for 1996 through 2005 was employed for 14 171 children and adolescents prescribed an antidepressant medication and a random sample of 4500 children not treated with any class of psychotropic medication to compare the prevalence rates of cardiovascular and neurological adverse events. The treated cohort evinced a higher prevalence of cardiovascular events, orthostatic hypotension, seizures, insomnia, and headaches. In the treated cohort, patients were at a significantly higher risk for incident cardiovascular events when exposed to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and weight-inducing antidepressants, mood stabilizers, and antipsychotics. Incident orthostatic hypotension was associated with weight-inducing antidepressants and mood stabilizers. Incident seizures and extrapyramidal symptoms were unrelated to antidepressant or co-prescribed psychotropic medications, but both were significantly associated with comorbid central nervous system, organic brain/mental retardation, or preexisting cardiovascular or cerebrovascular conditions. Headaches and dizziness were significantly related to taking mood stabilizers. © 2009 Sage Publications. ER  - 
Levetiracetam for managing neurologic and psychiatric disorders$$$ Purpose. The role of levetiracetam in different epileptic, nonepileptic, neurologic, and psychiatric disorders is discussed. Summary. Levetiracetam, an antiepileptic drug (AED), was first approved as an adjunctive therapy for the treatment of partial epilepsy in adults. It is currently being used in the treatment of multiple seizure disorders, including generalized tonic-clonic; absence; myoclonic, especially juvenile myoclonic; Lennox-Gastaut syndrome; and refractory epilepsy in children and adults. Data are emerging on possible uses of levetiracetam outside the realm of epilepsy because of its unique mechanisms of action. There is preliminary evidence about the efficacy of levetiracetam in the treatment of different psychiatric disorders, including anxiety, panic, stress, mood and bipolar, autism, and Tourette's syndrome. The most serious adverse effects associated with levetiracetam use are behavioral in nature and might be more common in patients with a history of psychiatric and neurobehavioral problems. Conclusion. Levetiracetam is an effective AED with potential benefits in other neurologic and psychiatric disorders. The benefit-risk ratio in an individual patient with a specific condition should be used to determine its optimal use. Levetiracetam's use in nonepileptic conditions is not recommended until more data become available from larger trials. Copyright © 2009, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A preliminary benefit-risk assessment of varenicline in smoking cessation$$$ Varenicline is a recently developed medication for smoking cessation, which has been available on prescription since 2006. It is a selective nicotinic acetylcholine receptor partial agonist, and is designed to reduce withdrawal symptoms and to lessen the rewards of continued smoking. Our objective in this article is to assess the efficacy of varenicline as an aid to smoking cessation and to weigh the potential benefits against the possible risks. We identified ten randomized controlled trials and one cohort study with historical controls. In total there were 7999 participants, 5112 of whom received varenicline. Eight of the trials compared varenicline with placebo for cessation, two compared it with nicotine replacement therapy and one tested extended use for relapse prevention. Three of the varenicline/placebo trials also included a bupropion arm. The recommended dosage of varenicline 1 mg twice daily more than doubled the chances of quitting at 6 months or longer, with a relative risk (RR) compared with placebo of 2.38 (95% CI 2.00, 2.84). It also outperformed bupropion (RR 1.52 [95% CI 1.22, 1.88]) and nicotine replacement (RR 1.31 [95% CI 1.01, 1.71]). A reduced dosage regimen of 1 mg daily also increased cessation (RR 1.88 [95% CI 1.35, 2.60]). In the trials, varenicline significantly reduced craving and other withdrawal symptoms. The most frequent adverse event was nausea, occurring in 30-40% of varenicline users. However, this was generally reported at mild to moderate levels, diminished over time and was associated with attributable discontinuation rates of between 0.6% and 7.6%. Other commonly occurring adverse events included insomnia, abnormal dreams and headache. Serious adverse events were rare, with no treatment-related deaths during the treatment or follow-up phases. Postmarketing surveillance has raised new questions about the safety of varenicline. In February 2008, the US FDA issued a public health advisory note, reporting a possible association between varenicline and an increased risk of behaviour change, agitation, depressed mood, and suicidal ideation and behaviour. They have required the manufacturers to revise the labelling of varenicline and the Summary of Product Characteristics, and to issue a medication guide. It is arguable that much of the reported behavioural and mood changes may be associated with nicotine withdrawal, although some effects occurred in people who continued to smoke while taking the medication. In view of the potential, if unproven, risk that varenicline may be associated with serious neuropsychiatric adverse outcomes, patients attempting to quit smoking with varenicline, and their families and caregivers, should be alerted about the need to monitor for neuropsychiatric symptoms, including changes in behaviour, agitation, depressed mood, suicidal ideation and suicidal behaviour, and to report such symptoms immediately to the patient's healthcare provider. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Management of newly diagnosed epilepsy: A practical guide to monotherapy$$$ With the emergence of several new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in recent years, choosing an agent to initiate monotherapy in newly diagnosed epilepsy has become increasingly complicated. We provide a succinct guide intended for general clinicians to assist in this clinical situation. General features of AEDs, differences between first- and second-generation drugs, and characteristics specific to each medication are discussed. The emphasis is on tailoring treatment to the individual patient with epilepsy because each case has specific features that must be accounted for, including the type of seizure and epilepsy, medication-specific characteristics, co-morbid conditions, drug-drug interactions, patient drug tolerance, and special population factors, all of which must be balanced and optimized when choosing initial therapy in this setting. Finally, this information is conveniently summarized in a set of tables and illustrated by way of case scenarios. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Depression in Childbearing Women: When Depression Complicates Pregnancy$$$ Prevalence studies show that one in five women experience an episode of major depressive disorder during their lifetime. It is important for health care providers to be aware of (1) the frequency of depression in this population; (2) signs, symptoms, and appropriate screening methods; and (3) health risks for the mother and growing fetus if depression is undetected or untreated. Because management of depressed pregnant women also includes care of a growing fetus, treatment may be complicated and primary care providers should consider a multidisciplinary approach, including an obstetrician, psychiatrist, and pediatrician, to provide optimal care. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of lamotrigine compared with levetiracetam on anger, hostility, and total mood in patients with partial epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To assess anger/hostility during treatment with lamotrigine adjunctive therapy versus levetiracetam adjunctive therapy in patients with partial seizures. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study in adults with partial seizures included an 8-week escalation phase, during which adjunctive lamotrigine (n = 132) or adjunctive levetiracetam (n = 136) was titrated to a target dose, and a 12-week, double-blind maintenance phase, during which dosages of study medication and concomitant antiepileptic drugs were maintained. The primary endpoint was change from baseline to the end of the maintenance phase (week 20) in the Anger-Hostility subscale score of the Profile of Mood States (POMS). Results: Improvement with lamotrigine relative to levetiracetam was observed for mean ± SD (standard deviation) change from baseline to the end of the maintenance phase (week 20) on the Anger-Hostility subscale (lamotrigine -2.0 ± 8.2, levetiracetam -0.3 ± 8.4; p = 0.024) (the primary endpoint); the Anger-Hostility subscale on weeks 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 14, 16, 18, and 19; and the Total Mood Disturbance score on weeks 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 17, 19, and 20. Improvement (p < 0.05) with lamotrigine relative to levetiracetam was also observed on the POMS subscales Depression-Dejection, Vigor-Activity, Fatigue-Inertia, and Confusion-Bewilderment. No difference in seizure frequency was observed between groups. The most common adverse events with both medications were headache and dizziness. Discussion: Adjunctive lamotrigine significantly improved Anger-Hostility subscale scores relative to adjunctive levetiracetam in patients with partial seizures at the end of 20 weeks. This difference was consistently observed throughout the treatment period. Similar improvement with lamotrigine versus levetiracetam was observed for other mood symptoms. © 2008 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Drug treatment of epilepsy in the century of the ILAE: The first 50 years, 1909-1958$$$ Summary This paper provides a review of the drug treatment of epilepsy from 1909, the year of the foundation of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE), to 1958. It was during this period that modern approaches to the medicinal therapy of epilepsy were formulated and many new drugs were introduced. Of these, both phenytoin and phenobarbital continue to be widely used today. This was the period when scientific screening was also introduced into drug discovery. The leading figures in the ILAE played an important role in guiding the evolution of the treatment of epilepsy during this period. © 2009 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Drug treatment of epilepsy in the century of the ILAE: The second 50 years, 1959-2009$$$ Summary The drug therapy of epilepsy evolved enormously in this 50 year period. Advances in therapeutics included the incorporation of pharmacokinetics into clinical practice, enormous advances in neurochemistry, a trend to antiepileptic drug monotherapy, better drug assessment, better understanding of therapeutic outcomes, and the recognition of the large epilepsy treatment gap in many countries. An unprecedented range of new drugs was introduced in this period. Before 1989, these included carbamazepine, valproate, ethosuximide, and the benzodiazepines. Since 1989, 13 more new drugs have been licensed and marketed and there are others in the pipeline. The International League Against Epilepsy and its leading figures have played an important role in these developments. In this period, too, there has been a rapid expansion in research and development within the pharmaceutical industry and a rise in the value of the antiepileptic drug market. In parallel, governmental regulation of pharmaceuticals has greatly increased. To what extent the overall prognosis of epilepsy has improved as a result of these activities is an interesting and perplexing question. © 2009 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Randomized, double-blinded, placebo controlled study of neuroprotection with lidocaine in cardiac surgery$$$ Background and Purpose-Cognitive decline after cardiac surgery remains common and diminishes patients' quality of life. Based on experimental and clinical evidence, this study assessed the potential of intravenously administered lidocaine to reduce postoperative cognitive dysfunction after cardiac surgery using cardiopulmonary bypass. Methods-After IRB approval, 277 patients undergoing cardiac surgery were enrolled into this prospective, randomized, double-blinded placebo controlled clinical trial. Subjects were randomized to receive: (1) Lidocaine as a 1 mg/kg bolus followed by a continuous infusion through 48 hours postoperatively, or (2) Placebo bolus and infusion. Cognitive function was assessed preoperatively and again at 6 weeks and 1 year postoperatively. The effect of lidocaine on postoperative cognition was tested using multivariable regression modeling; P<0.05 was considered significant. Results-Among the 241 allocated subjects (Lidocaine: n= 114; Placebo: n= 127), the incidence of cognitive deficit in the lidocaine group was 45.5% versus 45.7% in the placebo group (P=0.97). Multivariable analysis revealed a significant interaction between treatment group and diabetes, such that diabetic subjects receiving lidocaine were more likely to suffer cognitive decline (P=0.004). Secondary analysis identified total lidocaine dose (mg/kg) as a significant predictor of cognitive decline and also revealed a protective effect of lower dose lidocaine in nondiabetic subjects. Conclusions-Lidocaine administered during and after cardiac surgery does not reduce the high rate of postoperative cognitive dysfunction. Higher doses of lidocaine and diabetic status were independent predictors of cognitive decline. Protective effects of lower dose lidocaine in nondiabetic subjects need to be further evaluated. © 2009 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Side effects of approved antidementives$$$ The aim of this review is to describe side effects of five antidementives which are approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA); four acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and one glutamate - or N-metyl-D-aspartat receptor antagonist - memantine. The antidementives are well tolerated and undesired effects are rare; except hepatotoxicity of tacrine and gastrointestinal side effects of donepezil, rivastigmine, galantamin and tacrine that result from acetylcholinesterase inhibition. Nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, and weight loss are the most common side effects of the acetylcholinesterase inhibitors. Significant cholinergic side effects can occur inpatients receiving higher doses; often they are related to the rate of initial litration of medication. Memantine is the first noncholinesterase inhibitor indicated for Alzheimer's disease. The side effects which may occur during the treatment with memantine are constipation, dizziness, headache and confusion. These effects of appears are mild end transient. © Medicinska naklada - Zagreb. ER  - 
Varenicline: A first-line treatment option for smoking cessation$$$ Background: Varenicline acts as a partial agonist/antagonist with affinity and selectivity for α4 β2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. This activity at the nicotine-receptor level may help patients achieve smoking cessation by reducing cravings/withdrawal symptoms and smoking satisfaction. Objective: This article reviews the literature on the pharmacologic properties, therapeutic efficacy, and tolerability of varenicline for smoking cessation. Methods: Pertinent controlled clinical trials, meta-analyses, meeting abstracts, case reports, and review articles published in English between 1966 and May 2008 were identified through searches of MEDLINE and OVID using the terms varenicline, smoking, tobacco cessation, and CP 526555. Results: Eight clinical trials were identified that compared ≤12 weeks of varenicline treatment with placebo and/or bupropion sustained release (SR); one of the trials reported follow-up data to 24 weeks, and the remainder reported data to 52 weeks. During treatment with oral varenicline titrated to 1 mg BID, CO-confirmed 4-week continuous quit rates/continuous abstinence rates (CQRs/CARs) in weeks 9 through 12 ranged from 43.9% (odds ratio [OR] = 3.85 [95% CI, 2.69-5.50; P < 0.001 vs placebo]; OR = 1.90 [95% CI, 1.38-2.62; P < 0.001 vs bupropion SR]) to 65.4% (OR = 2.98 [95% CI, 1.78-4.99; P < 0.001 vs placebo]). In 4 of these trials, varenicline 1 mg BID was associated with significantly higher CQRs/CARs compared with placebo at week-52 follow-up, ranging from 21.9% (P < 0.001) to 34.6% (P = 0.036). One trial reported a significantly higher CAR at 52 weeks with varenicline compared with bupropion SR (23.0% vs 14.6%, respectively; P = 0.004), and another reported a significantly higher CAR at 52 weeks with varenicline compared with nicotine replacement therapy (25.9% vs 19.8%, respectively; P = 0.040). In a relapse-prevention study that included a 12-week extension period for participants who were abstinent after the initial 12 weeks of treatment, CARs were significantly improved at 24 weeks with varenicline relative to placebo (70.5% vs 49.6%, respectively; OR = 2.48; 95% CI, 1.95-3.16; P < 0.001). Treatment with varenicline was generally well tolerated in study populations with no major comorbidities. In a pooled analysis of 2 Phase III trials, the most commonly reported adverse events (AEs) with varenicline, bupropion SR, and placebo were nausea (28.8%, 9.9%, and 9.1%, respectively), insomnia (14.2%, 21.5%, and 12.6%), and headache (14.2%, 11.1%, and 12.4%). In a pooled analysis of 2 identically designed Phase III trials, bupropion SR was associated with the highest overall rates of discontinuation due to all-cause AEs compared with varenicline and placebo (13.9%, 9.5%, and 8.2%, respectively) and due to AEs considered related to study drug (12.1%, 7.9%, and 6.4%). In double-blind clinical trials of varenicline, nausea was the most frequently reported AE (16.3%-41.9%). Varenicline treatment should begin 7 days before the proposed smoking quit date; dose titration is recommended to minimize dose-related nausea. Based on postmarketing reports of serious AEs in vareniclinetreated patients, caution is recommended when operating vehicles or heavy machinery. Patient education and monitoring for potential AEs are also recommended, particularly in patients with a history of psychiatric illness. Conclusions: Varenicline has a unique mechanism of action compared with other first-line options for smoking cessation. Available clinical-trial data support its use as an effective and generally well-tolerated therapy for smoking cessation in healthy adult smokers, although there is a need for further efficacy and safety evaluation in the general population, particularly those with comorbid conditions. © 2009 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
New treatment options in status epilepticus: A critical review on intravenous levetiracetam$$$ The effectiveness of levetiracetam (LEV) in the treatment of focal and generalised epilepsies is well established. LEV has a wide spectrum of action, good tolerability and a favourable pharmacokinetic profile. An injectable formulation has been released as an intravenous (IV) infusion in 2006 for patients with epilepsy when oral administration is temporarily not feasible. Bioequivalence to the oral preparation has been demonstrated with good tolerability and safety enabling a smooth transition from oral to parenteral formulation and vice versa. Although IV LEV is not licensed for treatment of status epilepticus (SE), open-label experience in retrospective case series is accumulating. Until now (August 2008) 156 patients who were treated with IV LEV for various forms of SE have been reported with an overall success rate of 65.4%. The most often used initial dose was 2000ĝ€"3000 mg over 15 minutes. Adverse events were reported in 7.1%, and were mild and transient. Although IV LEV is an interesting alternative for the treatment of SE due to the lack of centrally depressive effects and low potential of drug interactions, one has to be aware of the nonrandomised retrospective study design, the heterogenous patient population and treatment protocols, and the publication bias inherent in these type of studies. Only a large randomised controlled trial with an adequate comparator will reveal the efficacy and effectiveness of this promising new IV formulation. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and psychopathology of epilepsy: An update$$$ Anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) continue to be the mainstay of epilepsy treatment, but the benefits of seizure control need to be weighed carefully against possible adverse effects, which can include behavioral problems and psychiatric disorders. In this paper, the associations between AEDs and psychosis, depression and behavioral changes are reviewed. The concept of forced normalization and its clinical counterpart, alternative psychosis, are also discussed. Depression seems to be linked with AEDs potentiating GABAergic neurotransmission in patients with limbic system abnormalities such as hippocampal sclerosis. Psychoses have been described as associated with several of the new AEDs, and they are often seen in a setting in which previously refractory patients suddenly become seizure-free. In general terms, the use of AEDs in monotherapy, adopting slow titration schedules and low doses when possible, can significantly reduce the occurrence of behavioral adverse effects. A previous history of psychiatric disorder or a familial predisposition are important risk factors and should be always considered when choosing the appropriate AED. ER  - 
Topiramate for use in adult migraine prophylaxis$$$ Objective: To review studies comparing topiramate with placebo or other migraine prophylaxis agents in order to outline the role of topiramate in the pharmacologic prevention of adult migraine and to provide clinicians with evidence for rationale of its use. Data Sources: Primary studies and review articles were identified via a MEDLINE search (1960-November 2008). Search terms included topiramate, antiepileptic, anticonvulsant, migraine prophylaxis, and migraine prevention. Additional references were obtained from bibliographies of those resources. Study Selection and Data Extraction: All relevant information extracted from randomized, controlled studies and systematic reviews evaluating the efficacy, safety, and pharmacology of topiramate in the prevention of adult migraine were included. Data Synthesis: Topiramate is approved for the prevention of adult migraine. It has historically been used in the treatment of seizure disorders but received approval for migraine prophylaxis in 2004. The exact mechanism of its antimigraine effect remains unknown, but modulation of sodium channels, γ-aminobutyric acid, and glutamate activity seem to be involved, given the proposed shared pathophysiology between seizure and migraine. Two pivotal trials comparing topiramate with placebo led to approval for migraine prophylaxis in the US and a third similar trial that compared topiramate with propranolol secured licensure in Europe. Additional studies evaluated optimal dosing up to 200 mg daily and duration of therapy through 14 months. These trials demonstrated the ability of topiramate 50 mg twice daily, administered for up to 14 months, to safely reduce migraine frequency, duration, and severity. Limited information from comparative studies suggests a similar effect of topiramate and other agents, including divalproex sodium, propranolol, and timolol. The most common adverse effect observed among all trials was mild-to-moderate paresthesias that were transient in nature. Other adverse effects commonly reported include gastrointestinal upset and cognitive impairment. Adverse effects were more likely to occur during titration periods. Topiramate's safety profile appears to be as good as or better than that of other prophylactic agents. Conclusions: Topiramate is an appropriate first-line drug to consider for prevention of adult migraine. The efficacy and safety of topiramate in migraine prophylaxis has been well established in clinical trials and is comparable with other approved agents for this indication. When choosing among these agents, prescribers should consider the adverse effect profile, route of administration, cost, and comorbidities. ER  - 
Current alternative and complementary therapies used in menopause$$$ Objective. To determine the efficacy and safety of common complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) therapies used to relieve the menopausal symptoms. Design. Comprehensive literature search was conducted through the databases Medline, EMBASE, Cochrane, AMED (Allied and Complementary Medicine), NCCAM (The National Centre for Complementary and Alternative Medicine) to identify relevant monographs in English language. Results. Studies have shown that some therapies such as clonidine, selective serotonin receptor inhibitors (SSRIs) and gabapentin are effective in decreasing the degree and frequency of somatic symptoms in menopause, while phytooestrogens and black cohosh have shown mixed results. Use of Ginseng, evening primrose, Dong Quai or vitamin E appears not to be efficacious for the relieving hot flushes. Other effects of these therapies including possible improvements in mood are yet to be substantiated. Inclusion criteria. All available human complementary medicine studies on menopausal women with regard to the relief of menopausal symptoms. Exclusion criteria. Studies not meeting the inclusion criteria, published in languages other than English or animal studies. Conclusion. There is a general lacking of longer-term follow-up beyond the trial lengths of 6-12 weeks in the use of CAM, although women may be taking these medications for many years. Well-designed, randomised control trials are needed to elucidate the true effect of these therapies above the placebo effect. ER  - 
Methylphenidate for the treatment of Parkinson disease and other neurological disorders$$$ Methylphenidate (MPH) is a central nervous system stimulant derived from an amphetamine and acts as a potent inhibitor of catecholamine reuptake and increases dopamine levels in the brain. Methylphenidate is widely used for the treatment of children and adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Because the dopaminergic system is critical to the pathological process in Parkinson disease (PD), it has been suggested that MPH, which increases dopaminergic stimulation at the postsynaptic receptor level, may provide symptomatic relief in PD patients. This article reviews those studies that have evaluated the potential of MPH to treat the motor and cognitive aspects of PD, summarizes the evidence for clinical use in other neurological diseases, and briefly reviews the physiological mechanisms whereby MPH may bring about its therapeutic effects. Methylphenidate does seem to be useful for ameliorating cognitive, affective, and motor deficits in PD and in other neurological patients; however, additional studies are needed before MPH can be routinely prescribed as an adjunct therapy in these populations. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Postictal psychosis: A retrospective study in patients with refractory temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Postictal psychosis (PIP) represents 25% of the psychoses seen in epileptic patients. A high frequency of bilateral independent epileptiform activity has been observed in patients with PIP. The objective of this study was to determine the frequency of PIP in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) who underwent video-EEG monitoring and to investigate possible differences between PIP and control patients. Methods: Clinical, electroencephalographic and neuroimaging data of 5 PIP patients with TLE were compared with data of 50 patients with TLE without psychotic antecedents. Patients with a past history of interictal psychosis were excluded. Results: From 55 patients, 5 were patients with PIP and 50 controls. 31 (62%) were men, 9 (16.4%) had a previous history of encephalitis and 6 (10.9%) of status epilepticus. The mean age was 42.2 years (S.D. 12.93). Mean age at epilepsy onset was 16.95 years (S.D. 12.93) and mean seizure frequency 5 seizures/month (S.D. 1.87). The frequency of PIP was 5/55 (9.1%). Previous history of status epilepticus was more frequent in PIP patients than in controls (p: 0.019). PIP patients more frequently had a non-lateralizing ictal EEG than controls (p: 0.001). Bitemporal lobe dysfunction revealed by neuropsychological studies was greater than expected by the observed lesion on MRI studies in patients with PIP. Moreover, the presurgical study was less conclusive in PIP than in control patients (p: 0.049). Conclusions: PIP is observed in up to 9% of patients with TLE undergoing video-EEG monitoring and most often develops in patients with bitemporal lobe dysfunction. © 2008 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Are migraineurs at increased risk of adverse drug responses?: A meta-analytic comparison of topiramate-related adverse drug reactions in epilepsy and migraine$$$ To compare adverse drug reactions (ADRs) to topiramate in patients with migraine and patients with epilepsy, we systematically reviewed all published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compare topiramate monotherapy in epilepsy and migraine. We included four epilepsy RCTs (N = 1,179 patients; vs. active comparators) and six migraine RCTs (N = 1,723 patients; vs. placebo). Behavioral ADRs and headache were found only in the case of epilepsy, whereas cognitive complaints and alteration of taste were found only in the case of migraine. The risk ratios (RRs) for paresthesia in migraine vs. epilepsy trials were 2.5 (99% confidence interval (CI): 1.66-3.77) for 50 mg, 2.7 (99% CI: 1.80-3.97) for 100 mg, and 3.0 (99% CI: 1.95-4.56) for 200 mg. For ADR-related dropouts, the RR was 2.5 (95% CI: 2.03-2.98) for 50 mg but no different for the other doses. We conclude that when treated with the same doses of topiramate, migraineurs show different ADRs than patients with epilepsy and are more likely to drop out because of ADRs. © 2008 American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics. ER  - 
Decompressive hemicraniectomy for malignant hemispheric infarction$$$ Malignant middle cerebral artery infarction is associated with up to 80% mortality due to ischemic edema and brain herniation. No medical therapy has proven its efficacy in efficiently and durably reducing brain edema and improving patients' outcome. Decompressive surgery by a large hemicraniectomy with durotomy has been suggested as a life-saving emergency procedure. However, because of the lack of established prognostic criteria, the fear of severe and "unacceptable" residual disability in surviving patients, and the impossibility of considering the opinion of the patient at the time of decision, there was no consensus regarding this surgery. Recently the results of a pooled analysis of three European randomized trials (DECIMAL, DESTINY, and HAMLET) of early (≤ 48 hours) decompressive large hemicraniectomy in patients less than 60 years of age showed that, compared with medical therapy alone, there was a 50% (95% CI, 33%-67%) absolute risk reduction (ARR) of death, with more patients surviving with a slight to moderate disability (modified Rankin score of 2 or 3) (ARR of 23% [95% CI, 5%-41%]) or with a slight to moderately severe disability (modified Rankin score of 2, 3, or 4) (ARR of 51% [95% CI, 34%-69%]). About 5% of all patients in each therapeutic group were left with a severe residual disability (Rankin 5). These data indicate that early decompressive hemicraniectomy should be considered and fully discussed with the relatives of selected patients with a malignant hemispheric infarction. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Role of antiepileptic drugs in the management of eating disorders$$$ Growing evidence suggests that antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) may be useful in managing some eating disorders. In the present paper, we provide a brief overview of eating disorders, the rationale for using AEDs in the treatment of these disorders and review the data supporting the effectiveness of specific AEDs in the treatment of patients with eating disorders. In addition, the potential mechanisms of action of AEDs in these conditions are discussed. Of the available AEDs, topiramate appears to have the broadest spectrum of action as an anti-binge eating, anti-purging and weight loss agent, as demonstrated in two placebo-controlled studies in bulimia nervosa and three placebo-controlled studies in binge-eating disorder (BED) with obesity. Topiramate may also have beneficial effects in night-eating syndrome and sleep-related eating disorder, but controlled trials in these conditions are needed. The results of one small controlled study suggest that zonisamide may have efficacy in BED with obesity. However, both topiramate and zonisamide are associated with adverse effect profiles that may limit their use in patients with eating disorders. Phenytoin may be effective in some patients with compulsive binge eating, particularly if co-morbid EEG abnormalities are present, but available data are too varied to allow definitive conclusions to be made. Carbamazepine and valproate may be effective in treating patients with bulimia nervosa or anorexia nervosa when they are used to treat an associated psychiatric (e.g. mood) or neurological (e.g. seizure) disorder; otherwise, both agents, particularly valproate, are associated with weight gain. In conclusion, AEDs have an emerging role in the management of some eating disorders. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Differences in the clinical presentation of Trisomy 21 with and without autism$$$ Background: Autism occurs 10 times more often in children with Down syndrome than in the general population, but diagnosing co-occurring autism in Down syndrome with severe intellectual disability is challenging. The objective of this case-control study was to identify characteristics differentiating children with trisomy 21 with and without autism and to determine the extent to which severe cognitive impairment affects the measures of autism symptomatology. Method: Twenty children with trisomy 21 and autism (cases) were compared with children with trisomy 21 without autism (controls) matched on chronologic age, race and gender. Communication, cognitive and adaptive behaviour skills were assessed with standardized instruments. Medical history was reviewed and medical records were examined for early head growth. Scores on the diagnostic algorithm of the Autism Diagnostic Interview-Revised (ADI-R) were compared after adjusting for cognitive ability as measured by the Stanford-Binet (Fifth Edition) non-verbal change-sensitive score. Results: Cases performed significantly more poorly on all assessments. Mean case-control differences for matched pairs were all significant at P < 0.0001 for receptive and expressive language skills, cognitive skills and adaptive skills. Seven cases had a history of seizures compared with one control (P = 0.01). After adjusting for cognitive ability, the mean scores on the Reciprocal Social Interaction, Communication, and Restricted, Repetitive and Stereotyped Behaviours domains of the ADI-R diagnostic algorithm remained significantly higher in cases compared with controls (P < 0.0001). All participants had decreased head size consistent with Down syndrome, with no case-control differences. Conclusion: Children with trisomy 21 and autism have significantly more impaired brain function than children with trisomy 21 without autism. However, the deficits in the core domains of social reciprocity and communication, and the restricted and repetitive interests are not entirely explained by the more severe cognitive impairment. This autism phenotype in children with trisomy 21 which includes an increased risk for seizures may indicate a widespread loss of functional connectivity in the brain. © 2008 The Authors. Journal compilation © 2008 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Vigabatrin: 2008 Update$$$ Vigabatrin (VGB) is a structural analogue of γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) that irreversibly inhibits GABA-transaminase (GABA-T), increasing brain levels of GABA. VGB is under assessment for treatment of infantile spasms (IS) and refractory complex partial seizures (CPS). Response can be rapid with spasm cessation following approximately 2 weeks of therapy. Patients with symptomatic tuberous sclerosis (TS) and other patients have achieved spasm cessation. Comparison with ACTH has been performed. Patients with refractory CPS have responded as well. Adverse effects and structural findings on imaging occur with VGB treatment. T2 hyperintensities within brain have been observed. Psychotic disorders or hallucinations have occurred rarely. A specific adverse effects is associated VGB, with a peripheral visual field defect (VFD) detected in some patients. Prevalence and incidence of the VGB-induced peripheral VFD varied depending on the age of the patient and the extent of exposure to VGB, with 25% to 50% prevalence in adults; the prevalence in children was 15% and retinal defect in infants ranged from 15% to 31%. A bilateral nasal defect may be the first clinical indication and may progress to a concentric, bilateral field defect observed in many affected patients; central visual acuity is almost always preserved. The earliest finding of the first abnormal field examination in adults was after 9 months of treatment; with a mean duration of VGB exposure of 4.8 years. In children, the earliest onset of a first abnormal field examination was after 11 months, with a mean time to onset of 5.5 years. The earliest sustained onset of the VGB-induced retinal defect in infants was 3.1 months. Recommendation: Cognitive, age-appropriate visual field testing is required at baseline and then repeated at intervals in patients who continue therapy. Infants are tested at baseline and at 3-month intervals for the first 18 months of treatment, and then every 6 months thereafter. Adults with CPS are tested at baseline and at 6-month intervals. To select patients who are appropriate for VGB therapy, physicians must consider the benefits of fewer seizures and improved quality of life versus the potential risk of developing a VGB-induced peripheral VFD. Effectiveness of VGB can be detected within 12 weeks of initiating therapy. There appears to be minimal risk associated with a 2- to 3-month trial of VGB to evaluate effectiveness before there is a demonstrable risk of developing the VGB-induced peripheral VFD. If patients do not have a clinical benefit from VGB within 12 weeks of treatment initiation, VGB should be discontinued. If patients have a meaningful reduction in seizures or achieve seizure freedom, then the physician and patient or caregiver must determine if the benefits outweigh the potential risk of developing a peripheral VFD. When VGB is prescribed, the patient must be closely monitored for visual field changes. In cases where spasm or seizure improvement is not achieved within 12 weeks of initiation, VGB should be discontinued. In cases where complete spasm cessation, seizure control, or meaningful improvement is achieved within 12 weeks, continued treatment with VGB is warranted; subsequent periodic monitoring for the peripheral VFD is necessary and should be used to mitigate the risk of the defect. The risk of developing the peripheral VFD with short-term exposure seems to be low, therefore, VGB is an appropriate option for patients with IS or refractory CPS who receive a clinical benefit from its effectiveness, given the clinical consequences of uncontrolled seizures and spasms. © 2009 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
A meta-analysis of head-to-head comparisons of second-generation antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia$$$ Objective: Whether there are differences in efficacy among second-generation antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia is a matter of heated debate. The authors conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of blinded studies comparing second-generation antipsychotics head-to-head. Method: Searches of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's register (May 2007) and MEDLINE (September 2007) were conducted for randomized, blinded studies comparing two or more of nine second-generation antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia. All data were extracted by at least three reviewers independently. The primary outcome measure was change in total score on the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale; secondary outcome measures were positive and negative symptom subscores and rate of dropout due to inefficacy. The results were combined in a meta-analysis. Various sensitivity analyses and metaregressions were used to examine bias. Results: The analysis included 78 studies with 167 relevant arms and 13,558 participants. Olanzapine proved superior to aripiprazole, quetiapine, risperidone, and ziprasidone. Risperidone was more efficacious than quetiapine and ziprasidone. Clozapine proved superior to zotepine and, in doses >400 mg/day, to risperidone. These differences were due to improvement in positive symptoms rather than negative symptoms. The results were rather robust with regard to the effects of industry sponsorship, study quality, dosages, and trial duration. Conclusions: The findings suggest that some second-generation antipsychotics may be somewhat more efficacious than others, but the limitations of meta-analysis must be considered. In tailoring drug treatment to the individual patient, small efficacy superiorities must be weighed against large differences in side effects and cost. ER  - 
Treating dementia$$$ With increasing numbers of elderly patients, general practitioners are uniquely placed to investigate and treat dementia. Screening tests can be used, but a thorough history and physical examination are usually needed to make the diagnosis. other conditions such as delirium and depression should be excluded. Both pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments are important, depending on the particular problems facing the patient and their carer. The treatment of concurrent chronic disease may need to be modified as dementia progresses. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of helminth infection$$$ Background: In the first decade of the 21st century, worm infections are still very common, especially - but not exclusively - in the developing world. Objective: To review the current pharmacotherapy of the major trematode, cestode and nematode infections of humans. Methods: A systematic search of the Cochrane Databank of Controlled Trials and PubMed with MeSH terms (anthelmint* or treatment or therapy) and (cestoda or trematoda or nematoda or specific helminth species or specific medication). Further references were obtained from article biobliographies. Results: Three hundred and twenty-six publications were selected for further review. Conclusion: Albendazole, praziquantel and ivermectin are the most important anthelmintics available, easy to use and active against most helminths. Diethylcarbamazine is used in loasis and lymphatic filariasis. Doxycycline can eliminate endosymbiotic bacteria of certain filariae, but its place in therapy needs to be further defined. In the treatment of cystic hydatid disease, a better, non-caustic protoscolicidal drug would diminish the complication rate of current puncture-aspiration-injection- reaspiration treatment. The reliance on so few drugs creates a dangerous situation for development of resistance. Triclabendazole is a welcome addition for fascioliasis. Tribendimidine, artemisinine derivatives and nitazoxanide are promising products, but their therapeutic place needs to be further defined. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved. ER  - 
The bypassing the blues treatment protocol: Stepped collaborative care for treating post-CABG depression$$$ OBJECTIVE:: To present the design of the Bypassing the Blues (BtB) study to examine the impact of a collaborative care strategy for treating depression among patients with cardiac disease. Coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery is one of the most common and costly medical procedures performed in the US. Up to half of post-CABG patients report depressive symptoms, and they are more likely to experience poorer health-related quality of life (HRQoL), worse functional status, continued chest pains, and higher risk of cardiovascular morbidity independent of cardiac status, medical comorbidity, and the extent of bypass surgery. METHODS:: BtB was designed to enroll 450 post-CABG patients from eight Pittsburgh-area hospitals including: (1) 300 patients who expressed mood symptoms preceding discharge and at 2 weeks post hospitalization (Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) ≥10); and (2) 150 patients who served as nondepressed controls (PHQ-9 <5). Depressed patients were randomized to either an 8-month course of nurse-delivered telephone-based collaborative care supervised by a psychiatrist and primary care expert, or to their physicians' "usual care." The primary hypothesis will test whether the intervention can produce an effect size of ≥0.5 improvement in HRQoL at 8 months post CABG, as measured by the SF-36 Mental Component Summary score. Secondary hypotheses will examine the impact of our intervention on mood symptoms, cardiovascular morbidity, employment, health services utilization, and treatment costs. RESULTS:: Not applicable. CONCLUSIONS:: This effectiveness trial will provide crucial information on the impact of a widely generalizable evidence-based collaborative care strategy for treating depressed patients with cardiac disease. Copyright © 2009 by the American Psychosomatic Society. ER  - 
Methohexitone, propofol and etomidate in electroconvulsive therapy for depression: A naturalistic comparison study$$$ Background: Methohexitone has been the most widely used anaesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). However, recent scarcity and erratic availability has led to use of other anaesthetics with differing effects upon ECT. We compared treatment parameters and response to ECT in patients anaesthetised with different anaesthetics in a routine clinical setting. Methods: This was a naturalistic retrospective casenote analysis of 81 consecutive courses of ECT (total 659 treatments) for major depression. Results: Three anaesthetics were compared: methohexitone (n = 34), propofol (n = 13) and etomidate (n = 34). Mean seizure duration was lowest (p < 0.0001) for propofol. However, mean stimulus charge was highest in the propofol group (p < 0.0001) who required a greater increase in stimulus charge during the course of treatment and also experienced a greater proportion of failed seizures (≤ 15 s on EEG). Despite differing effects upon treatment parameters, choice of anaesthetic did not appear to significantly affect therapeutic response to ECT. Use of propofol may be associated with longer treatment course that could result in extra cost. Limitations: This was a retrospective casenote study, in which patients were not randomised to anaesthetic and standardised outcome measures were not used. The small sample size in the propofol group may have reduced the power of the study to demonstrate other differences between propofol and the other anaesthetic groups. A formal economic analysis was not performed. Conclusion: Individual anaesthetics differentially influence seizure duration and stimulus charge but final response to ECT appears not to be adversely affected. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Driving cost factors in adult outpatients with refractory epilepsy: A daily clinical practice in clinics of neurology in Spain$$$ Objective: To explore the association between patient-reported-outcomes measurements and costs in adult outpatients with drug refractory epilepsy (DRE) in Spain. Methods: Secondary analysis of a cross-sectional study to determine resources utilization and related costs of refractory epilepsy in Spain (LINCE study). Consecutive adult outpatients fulfilling criteria for DRE were analyzed. Health-related quality of life (HRQoL), anxiety and depression, self-perceived health status and patient's satisfaction with treatment were assessed respectively by QOLIE-10, HAD scales, EQ-5D-VAS and SATMED-Q questionnaire. Costs were estimated from public tariffs computing healthcare and non-healthcare resources use in the year 2005. Results: Seven hundred sixty two consecutive patients (728 (95.5%) valuables; 50.8% males, 40.5 ± 13.5 years) were analyzed. Severe levels of anxiety and depression were both associated with higher costs: from a mean yearly total cost of €6291 ± 7748 (no anxiety) to €10325.8 ± 9900.8 (severe), p < 0.0012 and from €5983.5 ± 6726.1 (no depression) to €12691.4 ± 11745.9 (severe), p < 0.0001. Total yearly cost was inversely associated with HRQoL, self-perceived health status and satisfaction with treatment: from €11517.3 ± 11449.2 to €5430.2 ± 7776.6, first and tenth QOLIE-10 decile intervals, respectively, from €11494 ± 11668 to 5334.3 ± 7606, first and tenth VAS decile intervals, respectively, and from €9762.6 ± 9956.6 to €4746.4 ± 5616.7, first and tenth SATMED-Q decile intervals, respectively, p < 0.0001. Conclusions: Higher costs of refractory epilepsy were associated with poorer patient-reported-outcomes scores. These findings may be of interest for both health decision makers and clinicians when evaluating the resources devoted to epilepsy. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Epidemiology, clinical signs and predictive outcome factors in status epilepticus$$$ Purpose: The aim of the study was to determine clinical symptoms, causes, complications and short-term predictors of mortality in patients with status epilepticus treated in the Department of Neurology in Zabrze between the year 1997 and 2009. Methods:This retrospective study included 36 patients - 24 men and 12 women (aged 55±11 yrs) with status epilepticus (SE). Results: Pre-existing epilepsy was found in 48% and previous SE in 12% of patients. In anamnesis, 37% of individuals were chronic alcoholics and 34% had cerebrovascular disease. The most common cause of SE was alcohol-related seizures (31%), followed by cerebrovascular incidence (29%) and brain tumours (16%). Unidentified cause of SE was in 24% of patients. About 85% of SE type seizures in our study were primarily or secondarily generalized. Markers of infections or increased body temperature (>38°C) were present in 39% and 23% of patients, respectively. Respiratory and cardiovascular complications were the most common complications of SE. During treatment, after non-effective diazepam treatment, intravenous phenytoin in 59% of patients was given. Moreover 31% of patients required thiopental and 11% needed propofol for controlling the seizure activity. In about half of the cases intubation and mechanical ventilation were required. Patients' mortality was about 32%. Conclusion: Chronic alcohol dependence or/and alcohol withdrawal was the most common cause of SE in our series and was related to increased markers of infection, respiratory and cardiovascular compliances and high mortality. ER  - 
Substrate reduction therapy with miglustat in juvenile GM2 gangliosidosis$$$ GM2 gangliosidosis (GM2g) is an inherited neurodegenerative disorder caused by lysosomal β-hexosaminidase A deficiency. Hypothesis/objectives: Substrate reduction therapy (SRT) is considered a potential therapeutic option for GM2g. Investigate pharmacokinetics, safety and efficacy of SRT by using miglustat administered in juvenile GM2g. Methods: Open label, single arm phase I/II clinical trial to evaluate 5 patients, who received miglustat orally at doses of 100-200 mg t.i.d., based on body surface area. Pharmacokinetic (PK) assessments were done at the initiation of therapy and after the patients had received multiple doses of the drug. PK and clinical assessments, safety tests, nerve conduction studies and brain MRI/MRS were performed. Results: Similar PK profiles and parameters were observed after from single- and multiple-doses of miglustat. The major side effects observed were weight loss and diarrhea. Some mild laboratory abnormalities were noted, however, they were transient or attributable to concomitant medications. Most composites of different neurological outcomes showed evidence of disease progression. One patient had an acute psychotic episode resulting in hospital admission during the 15th month of study. One patient showed severe aggravation of her seizure pattern. Three less severely impaired patients, who were able to perform neuropsychological tests, showed an overall trend towards stabilization, involving performance on specific cognitive tests. Brain MRI of one patient showed signs of progression. Electron microscopy analysis of showed reduction of peripheral mononuclear cells containing lysosomal inclusion-bodies. Conclusion: Miglustat was demonstrated to be safe in pediatric patients and to have PK parameters similar to those observed in adults. SRT showed limited evidence of efficacy towards major neurological dysfunctions, with evidence of some stabilization of cognitive function tests. The results must be interpreted with care owing to the small sample and the lack of a control-arm. ER  - 
Longitudinal studies in Batten disease$$$ The neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses (NCLs, Batten disease) are inherited, autosomal recessive lysosomal storage diseases. Although the NCLs are relatively rare, the childhood variants represent the most common neurodegenerative disorders of childhood, affecting approximately 1:25,000 in the US and with an incidence worldwide as high as 1:12,500. NCL variants are distinguished mainly by their different ages of onset and the rate at which symptoms progress. Juvenile NCL (JNCL), due to the CLN-3 mutation, is one of the more common forms of NCL. Symptom onset for JNCL is between ages 5 and 8, with slow progression until death in the 2nd or 3rd decade of life. The most common early symptoms of JNCL are vision loss, seizures dementia, behavioral difficulties, and impaired motor skills. As the disease progresses, the child becomes increasingly disabled and there is a substantial caregiver burden. There are few quantitative data on the natural history of JNCL. It is known that JNCL includes a broad range of neurological, neuropsychological, and behavioral/psychiatric symptoms. There is progressive loss of speech, language, motor skills, and self-care skills as the disease progresses. In some individuals, aggressive behavior, anxiety, hallucinations, obsessions, or personality changes are prominent. However, it is not known to what degree each type of symptoms contributes to the overall disability and caregiver burden. It is also not known to what degree the seizures and seizure control contributes to disability. Further, it is not known to what extent genotype influences phenotypic variability. We propose three specific aims to determine the natural history of JNCL quantitatively, to characterize the neuropsychological and behavioral phenotype of JNCL, to establish validity and reliability of a rating scale for JNCL, and to determine correlations between phenotype and genotype of individual JNCL subjects. Successful completion of this project will provide the necessary framework for moving forward with clinical trials in this devastating disease. Although JNCL is a rare disease, our research has implications that can be generalized to the study of other degenerative neurologic disorders in children and for preparing translational clinical trials in these diseases. ER  - 
Dual- and Triple-Acting Agents for Treating Core and Co-morbid Symptoms of Major Depression: Novel Concepts, New Drugs$$$ The past decade of efforts to find improved treatment for major depression has been dominated by genome-driven programs of rational drug discovery directed toward highly selective ligands for nonmonoaminergic agents. Selective drugs may prove beneficial for specific symptoms, for certain patient subpopulations, or both. However, network analyses of the brain and its dysfunction suggest that agents with multiple and complementary modes of action are more likely to show broad-based efficacy against core and comorbid symptoms of depression. Strategies for improved multitarget exploitation of monoaminergic mechanisms include triple inhibitors of dopamine, serotonin (5-HT) and noradrenaline reuptake, and drugs interfering with feedback actions of monoamines at inhibitory 5-HT1A, 5-HT1B and possibly 5-HT5A and 5-HT7 receptors. Specific subsets of postsynaptic 5-HT receptors mediating antidepressant actions are under study (e.g., 5-HT4 and 5-HT6). Association of a clinically characterized antidepressant mechanism with a nonmonoaminergic component of activity is an attractive strategy. For example, agomelatine (a melatonin agonist/5-HT2C antagonist) has clinically proven activity in major depression. Dual neurokinin1 antagonists/5-HT reuptake inhibitors (SRIs) and melanocortin4 antagonists/SRIs should display advantages over their selective counterparts, and histamine H3 antagonists/SRIs, GABAB antagonists/SRIs, glutamatergic/SRIs, and cholinergic agents/SRIs may counter the compromised cognitive function of depression. Finally, drugs that suppress 5-HT reuptake and blunt hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenocorticotrophic axis overdrive, or that act at intracellular proteins such as GSK-3β, may abrogate the negative effects of chronic stress on mood and neuronal integrity. This review discusses the discovery and development of dual- and triple-acting antidepressants, focusing on novel concepts and new drugs disclosed over the last 2 to 3 years. © 2009 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc. ER  - 
Use of gabapentin in patients experiencing hot flashes$$$ Hot flashes occur frequently in menopausal women and in women with breast cancer, diminishing their quality of life. A report from the Women's Health Initiative published in 2002 raised concerns about the long-term safety of estrogen therapy. As a result, nonhormonal alternatives have emerged as preferred treatments. Gabapentin is an anticonvulsant that the United States Food and Drug Administration approved as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures and postherpetic neuralgia. Somnolence, dizziness, ataxia, fatigue, nystagmus, and peripheral edema are adverse effects commonly associated with gabapentin in the treatment of epilepsy and postherpetic neuralgia. The North American Menopause Society and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend the use of gabapentin as an option for managing hot flashes in women who are unwilling to take estrogen-containing supplements. To evaluate the efficacy and safety of gabapentin for the treatment of hot flashes in women with menopause and/or breast cancer, we performed a search of the MEDLINE database (1966-March 2008) and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts, as well as manually searching reference articles for relevant articles and abstracts; 10 clinical studies were identified. Although the studies were few, all showed gabapentin to be safe and effective in the treatment of hot flashes. At doses used to control hot flashes, gabapentin was well tolerated, with drowsiness as its most reported adverse effect. Gabapentin can be considered effective in the treatment of hot flashes and should be considered a reasonable alternative when estrogen therapy is not desired. ER  - 
Therapeutic drug monitoring: Appropriateness and clinical utility in neuropsychiatry practice$$$ A retrospective study was conducted to assess the appropriateness of the utilization of therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) services with regards to antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) at a tertiary care hospital, and analysis of 5094 samples of the carbamazepine (CBZ), phenytoin (PHT), valproic acid (VAP), and phenobarbitone (PB) was undertaken. Maximum requisitions were received for CBZ (54.92%) followed by PHT (27.05%), VAP (14.40%), and PB (3.61%). About 2.12% requisitions were received for patients taking unlabeled AEDs. Reasons for TDM were routine monitoring (36.3%), adverse drug reactions (ADRs) (17.2%), relapse (30.7%), no response (3.35%), and irregular treatment (2.24%) and not mentioned (10.5%). Majority of the samples (69%) were drawn for measuring trough levels; however, in 22% time of last dose was not mentioned and 9.64% were for peak or random levels. In all, 6.9% requisitions for TDM were sent before steady-state levels, and in 15.5% duration of therapy was not mentioned. Blood levels within therapeutic range were found with CBZ (63%) followed by PB (56.52%), VAP (45.99%), and PHT (42.52%). Blood levels were above therapeutic range in 45.69%, 29%, and 21.73% patients taking VAP, PHT, and PB, respectively. Unsuspected poor compliance was uncovered in 11.8%, 41.2%, and 29.3% requisitions sent with ADR, relapse, and routine monitoring as reason for drug levels, respectively. Only half of all AED measurement requisitions were complete and met the criteria for appropriate AED-level detenrunation. Incomplete requisitions lead to difficulty in uniform interpretation of results and thus add to unnecessary costs. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Comparing acute toxicity of first- and second-generation antipsychotic drugs: A 10-year, retrospective cohort study$$$ Objective: Second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) are far more commonly used in the United States compared to first-generation antipsychotics (FGAs), but the relative safety of SGAs compared to FGAs following acute toxic ingestions has not been studied. Method: A retrospective cohort study was performed by chart review of the California Poison Control System electronic database of 1975 cases from the 10-year period 1997 to 2006 involving patients aged 18 to 65 years who ingested a single SGA or FGA. Cases were coded for overall severity of adverse outcome as defined by the American Association of Poison Control Centers criteria and for presence of specific symptoms and treatments. Odds ratios were calculated between SGAs and FGAs for various symptoms, treatments, and outcome severity. Results: Odds of a major adverse outcome or death were significantly higher for SGAs than FGAs (OR = 1.71, 95% CI = 1.09 to 2.71). Patients taking SGAs had higher odds of respiratory depression (OR = 2.39, 95% CI = 1.09 to 5.26), coma (OR = 2.18, 95% CI = 1.30 to 3.65), and hypotension (OR = 1.80, 95% CI = 1.23 to 2.63) compared to those taking FGAs but lower odds of dystonia (OR = 0.12, 95% CI = 0.08 to 0.19) or rigidity (OR = 0.30, 95% CI = 0.10 to 0.90). Conclusion: SGAs appear no safer than FGAs in acute overdose. While neuromuscular symptoms appear less frequently with SGAs compared to FGAs, the relatively greater rates of central nervous system depression associated with SGA overdose may be more dangerous. © Copyright 2009 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
The efficacy and safety profile of lisdexamfetamine dimesylate, a prodrug of d-amphetamine, for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children and adults$$$ Background: Lisdexamfetamine dimesylate (LDX) is a once-daily medication approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the management of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children (aged 6-12 years) and adults. Objective: This article reviews the pharmacologic and pharmacokinetic properties, clinical efficacy, and safety profile of LDX. Methods: Studies, abstracts, reviews, and consensus statements published in English were identified through computerized searches of MEDLINE (1966-August 2008) and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (1977-August 2008) using search headings lisdexamfetamine dimesylate, attention-deficit/hyperac-tivity disorder, NRP 104, NRP104-201, NRP104-301, NRP104-302, NRP104-303, and stimulant. Selected information provided by the manufacturer of LDX was included, as were all pertinent clinical trials. The reference lists of identified articles were also searched for pertinent information. Relevant abstracts presented at annual professional meetings were included as well. Results: Several studies have evaluated the pharmacokinetics of LDX in pediatric patients (6-12 years of age) and healthy adults with ADHD. LDX, a prodrug that is therapeutically inactive until metabolized in the body to dextroamphetamine (d-amphetamine), follows linear pharmacokinetics at therapeutic doses (30-70 mg). The efficacy of LDX in the treatment of ADHD was established on the basis of 1 long-term and 2 short-term controlled clinical trials in children who met Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision, criteria for ADHD (either the combined or the hyperactive-impulsive subtype) and in 1 clinical trial with adults with ADHD. The efficacy trials in children found significant improvements in scores on the Swanson, Kotkin, Agler, M-Flynn, and Pelham deportment sub-scales, the Permanent Product Measure of Performance (Attempted and Correct), and the ADHD Rating Scale Version IV (ADHD-RS-IV) compared with placebo (all, P < 0.001). In the clinical studies designed to measure duration of effect, LDX, compared with placebo, provided efficacy for a full treatment day, up through and including 6 PM, based on parent ratings (Conners' Parent Rating Scale-Revised Short Form) in the morning, afternoon, and early evening (all, P < 0.001). Data from a long-term, open-label extension study that assessed the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of LDX for up to 12 months found LDX treatment resulted in significant improvement (>60%) from baseline in the ADHD-RS-IV at end point (P < 0.001), with good tolerability. The trial in adults found significant improvements in ADHD-RS scores at end point in patients receiving LDX (30,50, and 70 mg) (P < 0.001 for all active doses); significant improvements in ADHD-RS (using adult prompts) scores were observed at each postbaseline weekly assessment, with improvements noted within the first week in all active treatment arms. Results from human abuse liability studies noted that LDX had lower abuse-related drug-liking scores compared with immediate-release d-amphetamine at equivalent doses. The most common adverse events reported with LDX were typical of amphetamine products and included decreased appetite, insomnia, upper abdominal pain, headache, irritability, weight loss, and nausea. Conclusions: Current evidence supports the efficacy and tolerability of LDX as a treatment option for the management of children (aged 6-12 years) and adults with ADHD. As such, LDX may be an integral part of a total treatment program for ADHD that can include other measures such as psychological, educational, and social interventions. © 2009 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mental health in the tropics$$$ Although problems in mental health constitute 14% of the global burden of disease, mental health has been largely missing from the international health agenda. The burden from mental illness is largely attributable to the chronically disabling nature of depression and other common mental disorders, alcohol-use and substance-use disorders, and psychoses. The last decade has seen some progress in addressing this gap. In 2001, the World Health Report, Mental Health: New Understanding, New Hope, drew attention to the situation, with an appeal from the World Health Organization's Director General that 'mental health-neglected for far too long- is crucial to the overall well-being of individuals, societies and countries and must be universally regarded in a new light.' In September 2007, the journal Lancet launched the global mental health series, which highlighted the public-health dimension of mental health, identified barriers to receiving treatment, and gave a call for action to the nations of the world, to make a major commitment to upgrade the quality of mental-health services, to develop evidence-based treatment and preventive measures, to provide support for research in mental health, and to develop indicators to monitor progress. In October 2008, the World Health Organization launched the Mental Health Gap Action Programme, with the aim of scaling up the services for mental, neurological and substance-use disorders in all countries but especially those with low and middle incomes. The programme aims to develop evidence-based packages of care, psycho-social interventions and pharmacotherapy for tens of millions who could be treated for depression, schizophrenia and epilepsy, prevented from suicide, and begin to lead normal lives- even in very poor countries. While there is cause for optimism, much remains to be done. Most of all, there needs to be awareness amongst health providers and planners that mental health is an integral part of general health concerns, and that there can be no health without mental health. © The Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine 2009. ER  - 
Chronopharmacology and psychiatric treatment$$$ In order for a drug to act it must be present at the correct concentration in its sites of action... but also at the right time. It is now clearly established that the body which receives a drug is made up of a set of biological rhythms and that the effects, toxicity and kinetics of the drug depend on the time when it is administered, the concept of chronopharmacology. As in other areas, the activity and safety of drugs used for psychiatric treatment depend on their time of administration : chronopharmacological studies have, for example, shown the effects of some antidepressants (imipramine, chlorimipramine, clorgyline etc) on the rhythm period in animals. Variability associated with the time when psychotropic drugs such as the anti-psychotics, stimulates antidepressants and benzodiazepines for example are given has also been demonstrated. These chronopharmacological effects can be explained by temporal variations in the mechanism of action of the drug on receptors, or of its fate in the body (chronokinetics). Application of these concepts to the treatment of psychiatric diseases, many of which are associated with dysfunction of the biological clocks, has led to chronotherapeutic studies on, for example, clomipramine, haloperidol and imipramine intended to define a better dosing time for efficacy and/or safety. © 2009 L'Encéphale. ER  - 
Efficacy of 5-day continuous lidocaine infusion for the treatment of refractory complex regional pain syndrome$$$ Objective. Chronic regional pain syndrome (CRPS) is a severe pain condition that usually results from an injury or surgical procedure. The pain in CRPS often spreads from the site of injury, and with time becomes refractory to conventional therapy. The present study was undertaken to evaluate the effects of 5-day continuous intravenous lidocaine treatment in patients afflicted with CRPS. Methods. Intravenous lidocaine was administered in an escalating dose schedule to 49 severely affected CRPS patients in a monitored setting over 5 days. Evaluation of pain parameters and other signs and symptoms of CRPS were obtained during the infusion and at 1, 3, and 6 months following therapy. Results. The majority of patients demonstrated a significant decrease in pain parameters and other symptoms and signs of CRPS. The pain reduction lasted an average of 3 months. Lidocaine may be particularly effective for thermal and mechanical allodynia. Less clinically significant effects were documented on the motor aspects of the syndrome. Discussion. Intravenous lidocaine administration titrated to 5 mg/L demonstrated: 1) a significant decrease in mechanical and thermal allodynia for three months, 2) lessened associated inflammatory components of CRPS, and 3) only minimal side effects and no severe complications. © 2009 American Academy of Pain Medicine. ER  - 
The Year's New Drugs and Biologics - 2008$$$ This annual article presents new drugs and biologics that were launched or approved for the first time during the previous year. In 2008, 31 new medicines - this figure includes both drugs and biologics for therapeutic use as well as new diagnostic agents - reached their first markets. Line extensions (new indications, new formulations and new combinations of previously marketed products) accounted for more than one-third of the new medicines launched in 2008. In addition to providing an overview of all drugs and biologics launched or approved for the first time ever in the previous year, this article will also review in further depth the first-in-class drugs launched for the first time Last year, providing a better understanding of their novel mechanisms of action; an analysis of the discovery and development periods for the year's new products; and a comprehensive overview of drug repositioning as a strategy for extending the life spans of medicines. We also provide a brief glimpse at selected drugs and biologics which could reach their first markets in the foreseeable future. Copyright © 2009 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in the treatment of neonatal seizures$$$ Levetiracetam has properties which make it a promising candidate for the treatment of neonatal seizures. The mechanism of action and evidence of broad spectrum clinical efficacy in adults and older children is reviewed along with the limited reported experience in neonates. The safety profile, pharmacokinetic properties and evidence of neuroprotective qualities are discussed together with the current status of pharmacokinetic studies in neonates. © 2009 IOS Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The use of surrogate outcomes in model-based cost-effectiveness analyses: A survey of UK Health Technology Assessment reports$$$ Objective: To explore the use of surrogate outcomes in Health Technology Assessment (HTA) and provide a basis for guidance for their future use, validation and reporting. This report focuses on the role of surrogate outcomes in cost-effectiveness models (CEMs) within UK HTA Programme reports. Data sources: Reports published in the UK HTA Programme monograph series in 2005 and 2006 formed the sampling frame for this study. Review methods: Reports were selected an the basis that they addressed a treatment effectiveness/efficacy question, that they included a CEM and that the CEM was primarily based on a surrogate outcome. Reports addressing diagnostic, screening, aetiology, prognostic and methodological questions were excluded. Information was extracted from included reports by two reviewers using a stanclardised proforma. Surrogate outcomes were assessed according to two published validation frameworks [Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) criteria and Outcomes Measures in Rheumatology Clinical Trials (OMERACT) scoring schema]. A narrative synthesis of findings is presented in the form of tabular summaries and illustrative qualitative quotations. Results: A total of 35 UK HTA reports published in 2005 and 2006 addressed an effectiveness/efficacy question and contained a CEM. Of these, four were found to have based their CEM on a surrogate outcome. All four reports sourced treatment-related changes in surrogate outcomes through a systematic review of the literature; however, there was some variability in the consistency and transparency by which these reports provided evidence of the validation for the surrogate-final outcome relationship. Only one of the reports undertook a systematic review to specifically seek the evidence base for the association between surrogate and final outcomes. Furthermore, this was the only report to provide level I surrogate-final outcome validation evidence, i.e. RCT data showing a strong association between the change in surrogate outcome (BPAR) and the change in final outcome (graft survival) at an individual patient level. This report met the JAMA criteria for acceptable evidence of a surrogate. Two reports provided level 2 evidence, i.e. observational study data showing the relationship between the surrogate and final outcome, and one report provided level 3 evidence, i.e. a review of disease natural history. None of the four reports achieved a sufficient score on the OMERACT schema to be judged to have acceptable evidence of a surrogate outcome by its authors. Conclusions: In this survey of UK HTA reports about 10% of the CEMs therein were explicitly based on surrogate outcomes. The strength of evidence for the surrogate-final outcome relationship, transparency of quantification and exploration of uncertainty of this relationship were found to vary considerably. Recommendations are made for the use of surrogate outcomes in future HTA reports. ER  - 
Advances in the treatment of fragile x Syndrome$$$ The FMR1 mutations can cause a variety of disabilities, including cognitive deficits, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autism, and other socioemotional problems, in individuals with the full mutation form (fragile X syndrome) and distinct difficulties, including primary ovarian insufficiency, neuropathy and the fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome, in some older premutation carriers. Therefore, multigenrational family involvement is commonly encountered when a proband is identified with a FMR1 mutation. Studies of metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 pathway antagonists in animal models of fragile X syndrome have demonstrated benefits in reducing seizures, improving behavior, and enhancing cognition. Trials of metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 antagonists are beginning with individuals with fragile X syndrome. Targeted treatments, medical and behavioral interventions, genetic counseling, and family supports are reviewed here. Copyright © 2009 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
No major neurologic complications with sirolimus use in heart transplant recipients$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether sirolimus therapy is associated with neurologic complications, including stroke, among heart transplant recipients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We retrospectively studied patients who underwent heart transplant at Mayo Clinic's site in Rochester, MN, from January 1, 1988, through June 30, 2006. RESULTS: Of 313 patients in the cohort, the medical regimen in 116 patients (37%) was switched from cyclosporine-based therapy to sirolimus. The hazard ratio of sirolimus for any neurologic or psychiatric event was 1.94 (95% confidence interval, 0.67-4.29). This hazard ratio was driven mainly by the association between sirolimus and the development of tremor and depression. Cerebrovascular events occurred with a cumulative incidence of 14% but did not occur in any of the patients who received sirolimus therapy. There were no cases of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome with sirolimus use. CONCLUSION: No early or late episodes of major neurotoxicity occurred in heart transplant recipients using sirolimus immunosuppression. The absence of stroke and transient ischemic attacks in these high-risk transplant recipients treated with sirolimus is notable but needs confirmation in future studies. © 2009 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research. ER  - 
The effects of sodium valproate in improving developmental delay in seizure-free children with abnormal electroencephalography$$$ Background: Developmental delay is one of the most common problems of children referred to pediatric neurology clinics. While there are reports on rehabilitation and its effects, limited studies are available to delineate pharmacotherapy of such children. Because many children with developmental delay have abnormal findings in electroencephalography, we aimed to treat a group of these children, who were seizure free with sodium valproate to find the effect of sodium valproate in improving the developmental delay. Methods: We included patients referred to Mofid Children's Hospital for developmental delay who had no organic or brain structural diseases, genetic or metabolic disorders, or intrauterine TORCH infection; however, the patients had abnormal electroencephalograms (without seizure). After clinical, para clinical, and neuroimaging evaluations, the patients were divided into two groups; those receiving treatment with sodium valproate and rehabilitation (experimental group, 25 patients), and those having only rehabilitation (control group, 25 patients). The patients were followed up and assessed at 6, 12, and 18 months after initiation of the study. The data obtained were analyzed using SPSS software. Results: All patients in the experimental group had normal electroencephalograms after 18 months of treatment. Differences in the scores of developmental quotient in both groups, before and after treatment were significant. Conclusion: Sodium valproate along with rehabilitation was very effective in the improvement of speech, mental, and behavioral development. ER  - 
Effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of policies and programmes to reduce the harm caused by alcohol$$$ This paper reviews the evidence for the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of policies and programmes to reduce the harm caused by alcohol, in the areas of education and information, the health sector, community action, driving while under the influence of alcohol (drink-driving), availability, marketing, pricing, harm reduction, and illegally and informally produced alcohol. Systematic reviews and meta-analyses show that policies regulating the environment in which alcohol is marketed (particularly its price and availability) are effective in reducing alcohol-related harm. Enforced legislative measures to reduce drink-driving and individually directed interventions to already at-risk drinkers are also effective. However, school-based education does not reduce alcohol-related harm, although public information and education-type programmes have a role in providing information and in increasing attention and acceptance of alcohol on political and public agendas. Making alcohol more expensive and less available, and banning alcohol advertising, are highly cost-effective strategies to reduce harm. In settings with high amounts of unrecorded production and consumption, increasing the proportion of alcohol that is taxed could be a more effective pricing policy than a simple increase in tax. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Assumption of drugs with self-injurer purpose: A retrospective study about 111 patients hospitalized in Policlinico of Modena$$$ AIM OF THE STUDY: The aim of this work was to evaluate the epidemiology of suicidal attempts by ingestion of drugs in our area. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a retrospective study considering all patients admitted to the hospital between January 2004 and December 2006 for suicidal attempts using drugs. RESULTS: A total of 111 patients were seen in our Department in the evaluated period. The large majority of patients were women (75%). Suicidal attempt was more common in individuals aged 31 to 40 years. The more common drugs used were: BDZ (28%), anti-depressive (21%), anti-psychotics (10%) and anti-epileptics (8%). A gastric washout was performed in 65.8% of all patients admitted to the hospital. The most used antidote was flumazenil. Alterations of laboratory exams were seen only in a small percentage of the cases. In the majority of cases, suicide was at the first attempt. 71% of patients were followed by psychiatrist and were taking daily psychiatric pharmacologic therapy; 5% had a history of previous admission to the hospital in a psychiatric ward; only 24% had no a history of a prior mental illness. 43% of patients were admitted to a psychiatric ward after intensive treatment in our department. Self-discharging was not usual (10%), and only few patients were restrained against their will (3%). CONCLUSIONS: Our study has identified some risk factors for a suicidal attempt. Family doctors should have a stronger control of their patients with mental illness especially during the first period of treatment. In future it should be very helpful to create an informatic network connecting all departments involved in the care of these patients. Moreover, it is crucial to increase the role of family doctors in the care of psychiatric patients after their hospitalization. © 2009 Elsevier Srl. ER  - 
Brain metastases from colorectal cancer: Risk factors, incidence, and the possible role of chemokines$$$ Background: Brain metastases from colorectal cancer (CRC) are uncommon. There has been relatively little published on the host and tumor factors that might lead to this clinical scenario. We reviewed all cases of brain metastases from CRC at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center over a more than 20-year period to establish incidence and to identify patient and cancer characteristics which were associated with their development. Patients and Methods: We present a retrospective review of 39 confirmed cases of brain metastases from CRC diagnosed between 1984 and 2006. Immunohistochemical staining for CXCR4 was performed on all available brain metastasis biopsy specimens. Results: The incidence of brain metastases from CRC was 2.3%. Left-sided primary colon tumors predominated. The majority of patients had pulmonary metastases at the time brain metastases were identified, and those with preexisting pulmonary metastases had progression of that disease. All patients were symptomatic from brain metastases, and the cerebellum was the most common area of brain involvement. Immunohistochemical analysis confirmed strong expression of CXCR4 in all brain metastases sampled. Conclusion: The incidence of brain metastases from CRC is low. Primary tumor in the left colon, long-standing pulmonary metastases, especially those with recent progression, and CXCR4 expression by tumor cells are all associated with increased risk of brain metastases. Increased survival among patients with metastatic CRC will likely result in an increased incidence of brain metastases. Further characterization of the role of tumor and host factors might yield better insight into the development, and potentially the prevention, of this devastating situation. ER  - 
Review of duloxetine and venlafaxine in depression$$$ Objectives: To compare the efficacy and pharmacologic, pharmacokinetic, drug interaction and adverse effect profiles of duloxetine and venlafaxine. Methods: A systematic review of the literature pertaining to duloxetine and venlafaxine was conducted using a computer-aided search of MEDLINE and EMBASE for the period January 1988 to May 2008 with the following search terms: venlafaxine and duloxetine and depression, clinical studies, pharmacology, drug interactions, pharmacokinetics, adverse effects, safety, case reports and review articles. Results: Duloxetine and venlafaxine have comparable efficacy and share similar pharmacologic profiles but differ somewhat in their pharmacokinetic profiles, drug interactions and adverse effects. Both agents block the reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine and both are substrates for the cytochrome P450 2D6 isoenzyme; however, duloxetine inhibits these enzymes to a moderate extent, whereas venlafaxine is only a weak inhibitor. Furthermore, duloxetine is more extensively bound to protein than venlafaxine. Venlafaxine is more likely to elevate blood pressure in a dose-related manner. Both duloxetine and venlafaxine have the potential to cause hepatic injury. Conclusions: Although venlafaxine and duloxetine have similar efficacy in the treatment of depression, differences in their adverse effects and pharmacokinetic profiles suggest that one agent may be preferred over the other in certain patient groups. ER  - 
Medicinal use of cannabis in the United States: Historical perspectives, current trends, and future directions$$$ Cannabis (marijuana) has been used for medicinal purposes for millennia, said to be first noted by the Chinese in c. 2737 BCE. Medicinal cannabis arrived in the United States much later, burdened with a remarkably checkered, yet colorful, history. Despite early robust use, after the advent of opioids and aspirin, medicinal cannabis use faded. Cannabis was criminalized in the United States in 1937, against the advice of the American Medical Association submitted on record to Congress. The past few decades have seen renewed interest in medicinal cannabis, with the National Institutes of Health, the Institute of Medicine, and the American College of Physicians, all issuing statements of support for further research and development. The recently discovered endocannabinoid system has greatly increased our understanding of the actions of exogenous cannabis. Endocannabinoids appear to control pain, muscle tone, mood state, appetite, and inflammation, among other effects. Cannabis contains more than 100 different cannabinoids and has the capacity for analgesia through neuromodulation in ascending and descending pain pathways, neuroprotection, and anti-inflammatory mechanisms. This article reviews the current and emerging research on the physiological mechanisms of cannabinoids and their applications in managing chronic pain, muscle spasticity, cachexia, and other debilitating problems. ER  - 
First-line pharmacotherapies for depression - What is the best choice?$$$ Major depressive disorder is a significant public health problem and the leading cause of suicide worldwide. Since the discovery of the first effective medications for depression in the late 1950s, a variety of pharmacotherapies have been developed that are useful for treating the full range of depressive disorders. The availability of safer classes of antidepressants, as well as other factors, has resulted in a large increase in the number of depressed individuals who are treated for depression by their primary care providers. This review examines the antidepressants that are currently used as the initial or "first-line" therapies for major depressive disorder (MDD). These newer medications may be grouped into three classes: the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, the serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, and the norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor. While the modern classes of antidepressants offer superior tolerability and safety over older medications such as the tricyclic antidepressants, there remains no universally effective pharmacologic treatment for MDD, and effective disease management requires careful attention to ongoing assessment of medication response and management of side effects. Copyright by Medycyna Praktyczna, 2009. ER  - 
Negative affect predicts subsequent cognitive change in multiple sclerosis$$$ Baseline predictors of cognitive change were explored in a sample of persons with multiple sclerosis (MS). Potential predictors included demographic features, baseline clinical characteristics, and psychological state. Participants were 38 individuals diagnosed with either relapsing remitting or secondary progressive MS who did not meet criteria for a current major depressive episode. Subjects were tested at baseline and approximately 1 year in an ongoing longitudinal study of cognition in MS. Participants completed neuropsychological tests sensitive to impairment in MS. They also completed self-report measures of depression, anxiety, fatigue, apathy, and positive and negative affect. Baseline measures of negative affect (e.g., depressed mood, state anxiety, and negative affective state) consistently predicted cognitive change over the course of the study. Higher baseline levels of negative affect were associated with greater relative declines in cognitive performance. This longitudinal relation occurred in the absence of a cross-sectional relation between negative affect and overall cognition. High baseline negative affect particularly predicted a relative decline in episodic memory for newly learned verbal and visuospatial information. The negative affect measures were unique in their predictive value among all the baseline measures assessed. Copyright © 2009 INS. ER  - 
Erythropoiesis-Stimulating Agents in Anemia: Use and Misuse$$$ Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs) have been in use for 2 decades. After the initial introduction for their use in anemia of end-stage renal disease, indications for the use of ESAs have widened to anemia of predialysis chronic kidney disease, cancer chemotherapy, HIV disease and orthopedic surgery. Along with the considerable benefits associated with the use of ESAs, adverse events have become apparent, in large part from overcorrection of the anemia. Data from recent studies have prompted several FDA warnings imposing the health provider to follow stringent criteria for the use of ESAs; these include close follow-up of patients, along with use of specific laboratory tests and criteria for dosing. Although adverse effects may partly relate to misuse, when appropriately administered, ESAs are useful agents in the medication armamentarium in the treatment of certain forms of anemia, with potential to improve outcomes and quality of life in some anemic individuals. © 2009 American Medical Directors Association. ER  - 
Atomoxetine for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents: A review$$$ Objective: This review examines and summarizes the pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties, short- and longer-term efficacy, the moderating effect of comorbid disorders, as well as short- and long-term safety and tolerability of atomoxetine for the treatment of pediatric attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Methods: A systematic literature search was performed to review the extant literature on articles pertaining to the pharmacological treatment with atomoxetine in pediatric and/or adolescent ADHD. Results: There is an extensive literature on atomoxetine; over 4000 children have participated in clinical trials of atomoxetine, demonstrating its short- and longer-term efficacy. In addition, studies have examined the moderating effect of comorbid disorders on atomoxetine response, as well as atomoxetine's therapeutic potential for other psychiatric conditions. Short- and longer-term safety and tolerability continue to be reported. Conclusions: Atomoxetine is indicated for both acute and maintenance/extended treatment of pediatric ADHD. Clinicians and families must be familiar with atomoxetine's evidence base, including its profile of clinical response and its possible effectiveness in the presence of comorbidity. © 2009 Hammerness et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Update on the use of memantine in Alzheimer's disease$$$ Memantine is a low to moderate affinity N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) antagonist. The effects of memantine in Alzheimer's disease (AD) have been studied in 7 randomized controlled trials in many post-hoc analyses. Three out of four RCTs in patients with moderate to severe AD (Mini Mental State Examination [MMSE] <14) showed a statistically significant but clinically small positive effect of memantine on cognition, global functioning, activities of daily living (ADL) and neuropsychiatric symptoms. No effects on these outcome measures could be found in the three RCTs studying patients with mild to moderate AD (MMSE 14-24). Two of these studies evaluated the effect of addition of memantine to donepezil. Only the study in patients with mild to moderate AD showed a positive effect of addition of memantine on cognition, ADL, global functioning and neuropsychiatric functioning. Cost-effectiveness of memantine therapy remains controversial. Post-hoc analyses and observational studies suggest some effects on agitation/aggression, delusions or hallucinations. Side effects of memantine are usually mild and seem to be comparable with placebo. In this review, an oversight of pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics of memantine is presented. Also, published data concerning efficacy and safety in patients with AD are presented. © 2009 van Marum, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Long-term safety and effectiveness of zonisamide in the treatment of epilepsy: A review of the literature$$$ Zonisamide (ZNS) efficacy and safety in epilepsy have been demonstrated in four double-blind, placebo-controlled studies. In the present article, we examined all long-term studies performed with this drug. Nine open-label studies, in which ZNS had been administered as an add-on or as monotherapy to epileptic patients for at least 6 months, were selected for our analysis. Four outcome measures were searched. Retention of this drug after 1 year varied between 45% and 65%. The percentages of patients achieving a ≥50% seizure reduction, with respect to baseline, ranged between 37% and 65%. In patients with drug-resistant forms of epilepsy, the percentage of patients reaching a 6-month seizure freedom period was 9%. The percentages of patients who discontinued the experimental drug due to adverse effects ranged between 4% and 24%. Somnolence and dizziness were the most frequently reported adverse effects. Long-term studies demonstrate that ZNS has a good efficacy and tolerability profile, and support its use as adjunctive therapy for epileptic patients. © 2009 Zaccara and Specchio, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Current trends in the treatment of infantile spasms$$$ Infantile spasms are an epilepsy syndrome with distinctive features, including age onset during infancy, characteristic epileptic spasms, and specific electroencephalographic patterns (interictal hypsarrhythmia and ictal voltage suppression). Adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) was first employed to treat infantile spasms in 1958, and since then it has been tried in prospective and retrospective studies for infantile spasms. Oral corticosteroids were also used in a few studies for infantile spasms. Variable success in cessation of infantile spasms and normalization of electroencephalograms was demonstrated. However, frequent significant adverse effects are associated with ACTH and oral corticosteroids. Vigabatrin has been used since the 1990s, and shown to be successful in resolution of infantile spasms, especially for infantile spasms associated with tuberous sclerosis. It is associated with visual field constriction, which is often asymptomatic and requires perimetric visual field study to identify. When ACTH, oral corticosteroids, and vigabatrin fail to induce cessation of infantile spasms, other alternative treatments include valproic acid, nitrazepam, pyridoxine, topiramate, zonisamide, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, felbamate, ganaxolone, liposteroid, thyrotropin-releasing hormone, intravenous immunoglobulin and a ketogenic diet. Rarely, infantile spasms in association with biotinidase deficiency, phenylketonuria, and pyridoxine-dependent seizures are successfully treated with biotin, a low phenylalanine diet, and pyridoxine, respectively. For medically intractable infantile spasms, some properly selected patients may have complete cessation of infantile spasms with appropriate surgical treatments. © 2009 Tsao, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Pregabalin in the management of partial epilepsy$$$ Pregabalin is a new antiepileptic medication that works by binding to alpha 2 delta subunit of the voltage-dependent calcium channels present in presynaptic neurons. Its pharmacokinetic advantages include rapid and almost complete absorption, lack of protein binding, linear kinetics, absence of enzyme induction, and absence of interactions with other drugs. Pregabalin was found effective as adjunctive therapy for refractory partial-onset seizures, with up to 51% responder at a dose of 600 mg/day. The lowest effective dose was 150 mg/day. Pregabalin is also approved for treatment of painful diabetic polyneuropathy, postherpetic neuralgia and pain with fibromyalgia. Studies also suggest a beneficial effect on sleep and generalized anxiety disorders. Its main adverse effects in randomized adjunctive trials in adults have been mild to moderate. Most common side effects were dizziness, ataxia, somnolence and diplopia. Weight gain was not prominent in pivotal pregabalin trials, but was more problematic in long-term postmarketing analyses in epilepsy patients. Pregabalin, with its potent antiseizure effect, favorable pharmacokinetic profile, and effectiveness in common co-morbidities is an important addition to the treatment of epilepsy. © 2009 Arain, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Review of levetiracetam, with a focus on the extended release formulation, as adjuvant therapy in controlling partial-onset seizures$$$ Levetiracetam is a second-generation antiepileptic drug (AED) with a unique chemical structure and mechanism of action. The extended release formulation of levetiracetam (Keppra XR™; UCB Pharma) was recently approved by the Food and Drug Administration for adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures in patients 16 years of age and older with epilepsy. This approval is based on a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter, multinational trial. Levetiracetam XR allows for once-daily dosing, which may increase compliance and, given the relatively constant plasma concentrations, may minimize concentration-related adverse effects. Levetiracetam's mode of action is not fully elucidated, but it has been found to target high-voltage, N-type calcium channels as well as the synaptic vesicle protein 2A (SV2A). Levetiracetam has nearly ideal pharmacokinetics. It is rapidly and almost completely absorbed after oral ingestion, is <10% protein-bound, demonstrates linear kinetics, is minimally metabolized through a pathway independent of the cytochrome P450 system, has no significant drug-drug interactions, and has a wide therapeutic index. The most common reported adverse events with levetiracetam XR were somnolence, irritability, dizziness, nausea, influenza, and nasopharyngitis. Levetiracetam XR provides an efficacious and well-tolerated treatment option for adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures. © 2009 Ulloa et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment options in pemphigus$$$ The therapy of pemphigus is one of the miracles of modern medicine, having transformed an almost invariably fatal disease into one whose mortality is now approximately 5%. Nonetheless, major challenges remain in further decreasing mortality and reducing the side effects of the potent medications used to treat this disease. The cornerstone of treatment remains the use of systemic steroids. The role of adjuvants, such as immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory drugs, as "steroid-sparing" agents, remains to be defined, as there are little randomized trial data that provides objective evidence of their effectiveness. More recently, biologicals, such as IVIg and rituximab, have been introduced; the first to speed the control of active disease unresponsive to conventional treatment and the second to increase the proportion of patients in whom a complete clinical remission can be induced. ER  - 
Smoking cessation through the utilization of pharmacotherapy$$$ Smoking cessation is the single most effective behavioral change for disease prevention. While almost 20% of the US population smokes, 70% of these smokers indicate they would like to quit. However, only approximately 3-5% of smokers quit without the aid of some intervention. Best practice suggests that every patient who smokes is offered brief behavioral counseling with pharmacotherapy support for smoking cessation. The past decade has presented new pharmacotherapies for tobacco cessation that allow the clinician more options for individualizing therapy to maximize each patient's chance for tobacco abstinence. Nicotine replacement therapy, bupropion sustained release and varenicline are discussed as monotherapies and in combination. As the understanding of neuropharmacology increases and new pharmacotherapies are developed, there will be the possibility of tailoring therapies for individual patients based on genetic predispositions and other individual characteristics. © 2009 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
The analgesic potential of cannabinoids$$$ Historically and anecdotally cannabinoids have been used as analgesic agents. In recent years, there has been an escalating interest in developing cannabis-derived medications to treat severe pain. This review provides an overview of the history of cannabis use in medicine, cannabinoid signaling pathways, and current data from preclinical as well as clinical studies on using cannabinoids as potential analgesic agents. Clinical and experimental studies show that cannabis-derived compounds act as antiemetic, appetite modulating, and analgesic agents. However, the efficacy of individual products is variable and dependent upon the route of administration. As opioids are the only therapy for severe pain, analgesic ability of cannabinoids may provide a much-needed alternative to opioids. Moreover, cannabinoids act synergistically with opioids and act as opioid sparing agents, allowing lower doses and fewer side effects from chronic opioid therapy. Thus, rational use of cannabis-based medications deserves serious consideration to alleviate the suffering of patients due to severe pain. ER  - 
Lacosamide as treatment for partial epilepsy: Mechanisms of action, pharmacology, effects, and safety$$$ Lacosamide (LCM) is a novel agent that has been developed as an antiepileptic drug. In vitro studies suggest that LCM modulates voltage-gated sodium channels by enhancing their slow inactivation. In addition, LCM seems to interact with collapsin-response mediator protein 2 and thus may mediate neuronal plasticity. LCM has an elimination half-life of 13 hours, no relevant protein binding, and does not induce or inhibit enzymes of the cytochrome P450 system. No clinically significant drug-drug interactions have been discovered as yet. Experimental data suggest anticonvulsant as well as analgesic effects. Large clinical studies have demonstrated its efficacy for treatment of patients with partial seizures. LCM is well tolerated, and the most common adverse events are unspecific central nervous system and gastrointestinal effects such as dizziness, vertigo, nausea, and headache. LCM is approved for treatment of partial seizures with or without secondary generalization in the United States and the European Union within a dose range of 200 to 400 mg per day, administered twice daily. In addition to the oral formulations, an intravenous infusion solution is available. © 2009 Kellinghaus, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Substitution of anticonvulsant drugs$$$ Changing from branded drugs to generic alternatives, or between different generic formulations, is common practice aiming at reducing health care costs. It has been suggested that antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) should be exempt from substitution because of the potential negative consequences of adverse events and breakthrough seizures. Controlled data are lacking on the risk of substitution. However, retrospective data from large medical claims databases suggest that switching might be associated with increased use of AED and non-AED medications, and health care resources (including hospitalization). In addition, some anecdotal evidence from patients and health care providers' surveys suggest a potentially negative impact of substitution. Well-controlled data are needed to assess the real risk associated with substitution, allowing health care professionals involved in the care of patients with epilepsy to make informed decisions. This paper reviews currently available literature, based on which the authors suggest that the decision to substitute should be made on an individual basis by the physician and an informed patient. Unendorsed or undisclosed substitution at the pharmacy level should be discouraged. © 2009 Steinhoff et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
A review on medicinal plants used in animal models and clinical trials concerning drug addiction$$$ Addiction to drugs, such as heroin, cocaine and alcohol, exacts great human and financial costs on society. Various evidence-based pharmacological and psychosocial interventions are currently used in the treatment of drug addiction but they do not produce adequate therapeutic benefits in every patient. Further, barriers such as financial cost, lack of availability, or perceptions of existing treatments as unappealing may limit rates of treatment uptake. Thus developing new treatments may attract a larger number of drug addicts into treatment. The use of herbal medicines within a pluralistic treatment model fits well within a range of existing theoretical frameworks for treating drug dependence. Here, the effects of Hypericum perforatum, Valeriana officinalis, Passiflora incarnata, Rosmarinus officinalis, Papaver rhoea, Tabernanthe iboga, Ginkgo biloba, salvia miltiorrhiza, Pueraria lobata, Opuntia ficus-indica, Cynara scolymus, Panax ginseng, melatonin, ibogaine and its derivative 18-methoxycoronaridine and some other plants active constituents in animal models and clinical trials concerning drug dependence as well as alcohol intake and hangover are reviewed. At this stage, there remains insufficient evidence to support the use of medicinal plants or their active constituents as a primary intervention for pharmacotherapy of drug addiction. Further clinical trials are required to clarify the potential role of particular agents. ER  - 
Epidemiological information on hospital morbidity in the National Institute of Neurology and Neurosurgery of Mexico City during the period 2002-2007$$$ Hospital morbidity provides information for the strategic planning and implementation of health actions and programmes. Objective: To determine the main causes of hospital morbidity, its distribution and behavior during the period 2000-2007 at the National Institute of Neurology and Neurosurgery in Mexico City (INNN). Materials and Methods: An observational, transversal retrolective study was carried out. Data was collected from discharge notes and from the hospital database from the Epidemiology Department. The different rates of morbidity were calculated and their tendencies were determined for a period of six years. Results: The main causes of morbidity were malignant encephalic tumors and benign tumors from other endocrine glands. However, a tendency to the increment of subarachnoid hemorrhage (p=0.03), cerebrovascular diseases (p=0.04) and benign brain tumors and from other parts of the central nervous system (p=0.01) was found. Conclusions: Even though this is not a population study, the information obtained from one of the main training institutes and centers of the world and the largest in Latin America, is of great importance. It can be seen how, even though cerebrovascular diseases showed a tendency to increase, benign encephalic tumors occupy the main rates regarding morbidity. ER  - 
Stress, anxiety, depression, and epilepsy: Investigating the relationship between psychological factors and seizures$$$ Objective: The goal of the study described here was to examine the interrelationship between psychological factors (anxiety, stress, and depression) and seizures. Methods: In this longitudinal cohort study, data on anxiety, depression, perceived stress, and seizure recency (time since last seizure) and frequency were collected at two time points using standard validated questionnaire measures. Empirically based models with psychological factors explaining change in (1) seizure recency and (2) seizure frequency scores across time were specified. We then tested how these psychological factors acted together in predicting seizure recency and frequency. Our data were used to test whether these models were valid for the study population. Latent variable structural equation modeling was used for the analysis. Results: Four hundred thirty-three of the 558 individuals who initially consented to participate provided two waves of data for this analysis. Stress (β = 0.25, P < 0.01), anxiety (β = 0.30, P < 0.01), and depression (β = 0.30, P < 0.01) all predicted change in seizure recency. However, it was depression that mediated the relationship of both anxiety and stress with modeled change in seizure recency (β = 0.19, P < 0.01) and seizure frequency (β = 0.30, P < 0.01) over time. Conclusion: Depression mediates the relationship between stress and anxiety and change in seizure recency and seizure frequency. These findings highlight the importance of depression management in addition to seizure management in the assessment and treatment of epilepsy in an adult population. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Depression and anxiety in children and adolescents with epilepsy: Prevalence, risk factors, and treatment$$$ Among the psychiatric comorbid conditions in children and adolescents with epilepsy, depression and anxiety disorders require further attention because they carry the risk of reduced quality of life and life-threatening complications (e.g., suicide). Research in recent years has shed light on both the prevalence of emotional problems in youth with epilepsy and the safety and efficacy of treatment options. A number of challenges exist in treating patients with epilepsy. This is particularly true when seizures are difficult to control and medication regimens are more complex. Some pharmaceutical options may provide assistance with both seizures and emotional distress, but care is needed when considering such treatment approaches. In addition, integration of mental health professionals into the care of patients is necessary when cases are complicated and risk factors are high. Thorough methods to accurately diagnose emotional conditions and regular monitoring of symptoms can help prevent serious problems that can negatively affect the success of children and adolescents in everyday life. Collaboration between disciplines offers the best hope for early identification and treatment of these conditions. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Neurocognitive and behavioral functioning in frontal lobe epilepsy: A review$$$ Frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE) is a seizure disorder with a lower prevalence than temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Despite its consequences on cognitive and emotional well-being, the neuropsychology of FLE has not been well studied. By contrast, TLE has been studied meticulously, leading to a relevant understanding of memory and the functional characteristics of the temporal and limbic circuits. The neuropsychological studies on FLE report deficits in motor coordination and planning, reduced attention span, and difficulties in response inhibition in complex cognitive tasks. This review aims to illustrate the most relevant neurocognitive dimensions, psychiatric comorbidity, and postoperative neuropsychological outcome of FLE. Methodological suggestions for future research are also included by critically reviewing the existing literature. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures-Diagnostic issues: A critical review$$$ In this review we systematically assess our current knowledge about psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES), epidemiology, etiology, with an emphasis on the diagnostic issues. Relevant studies were identified by searching the electronic databases. Case reports were not considered. Articles were included when published after 1980 up till 2005 (26 years). A total of 84 papers were identified; 60 of which were actual studies. Most studies have serious methodological limitations. An open non-randomized design, comparing patients with PNES to patients with epilepsy is the dominant design. The incidence of PNES in the general population is low. However, a relatively high prevalence is seen in patients referred to epilepsy centres (15-30%). Caution is needed in the clinical interpretation of ictal features suggested to be pathognomic for PNES. Video-EEG is widely considered to be the gold standard for diagnosing PNES. Still the differential diagnosis epileptic/non-epileptic seizures can be difficult. Despite the current available technical facilities, the mean latency between onset of PNES and final diagnosis as being non-epileptic and psychogenic is approximately 7 years. One of the reasons for diagnostic delay is that the diagnosis of PNES is often limited to a 'negative' process and consequently PNES is characterized as a 'non-disease' (i.e. 'not epilepsy'). The psychological diagnosis is thus an important, although not a conclusive, 'second phase' aspect of medical decision making. Specific relations between seizure presentation and underlying psychological mechanisms are not conclusive. A classification between major motor manifestations and unresponsiveness is recognized. With respect to psychological etiology, a heterogeneous set of factors have been identified that may be involved in the causation, development and provocation of PNES. © 2008. ER  - 
Proteasome inhibitors in the treatment of multiple myeloma$$$ Targeting intracellular protein turnover by inhibiting the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway as a strategy for cancer therapy is a new addition to our chemotherapeutic armamentarium, and has seen its greatest successes against multiple myeloma. The first-in-class proteasome inhibitor, bortezomib, was initially approved for treatment of patients in the relapsed/refractory setting as a single agent, and was recently shown to induce even greater benefits as part of rationally designed combinations that overcome chemoresistance. Modulation of proteasome function is also a rational approach to achieve chemosensitization to other antimyeloma agents, and bortezomib has now been incorporated into the front-line setting. Bortezomib-based induction regimens are able to achieve higher overall response rates and response qualities than was the case with prior standards of care, and unlike these older approaches, maintain efficacy in patients with clinically and molecularly defined high-risk disease. Second-generation proteasome inhibitors with novel properties, such as NPI-0052 and carfilzomib, are entering the clinical arena, and showing evidence of antimyeloma activity. In this spotlight review, we provide an overview of the current state of the art use of bortezomib and other proteasome inhibitors against multiple myeloma, and highlight areas for future study that will further optimize our ability to benefit patients with this disease. ER  - 
The effects of nonpharmacological interventions on subjective memory complaints: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Subjective memory complaints (SMC) in the absence of psychiatric or neurological disorders are common among older adults. Although increasing numbers of individuals are suffering from SMC, research into interventions alleviating SMC is sparse. The present systematic review was conducted in order to present a clearer picture of the quality, quantity and outcomes of SMC intervention research. Methods: PubMed and PsychInfo were searched with a comprehensive search string delivering 4,496 hits. Abstracts and-if applicable-full texts of these studies were screened by independent raters according to predefined criteria. Fourteen relevant studies were included in the review. The categories of intervention were: conventional memory training (MT; n = 8), expectancy change (EC: cognitive restructuring, psychoeducation, etc.; n = 5), combined interventions (n = 5), physical training (n = 1), and physical and mental training combined (n = 2). The outcomes were: subjective memory measures, objective memory, depressive symptoms and well-being. Results: EC, followed by combined interventions, was most efficient in influencing subjective memory. MT or physical and mental training combined were not efficient. On objective memory, MT was the only efficient intervention. No effects were found on depressive symptoms and well-being, with low numbers of studies in these comparisons. Conclusion: EC seems to be most efficient in influencing SMC, whereas in objective memory MT is the only effective intervention. Depressive symptoms or well-being do not seem to be influenced significantly by any of the interventions. To date, the number of high-quality publications on SMC interventions is relatively low. More randomized controlled trials including measures of depressive symptoms and well-being are needed. © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with EEG-dependent stimulus timing in the treatment of depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment of depression utilises numerous pre-determined patterns of stimulation (fixed fast or slow stimuli). As an alternative to using invariant stimulus timing parameters, the interactive technique delivers individual stimuli based on the background EEG activity. There has been evidence that stimulus effects are affected by the physiological activity at the time of the stimulus reflected in the background EEG. Objective: This study examines the use of an EEG dependent technique as a means to enhance the efficacy of rTMS in the treatment of depression. Methods: Forty-four patients with treatment-refractory major depression were treated, in a randomized, double-blind, four week trial, with two different rTMS stimulus timing techniques (over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex). Standard rTMS utilized 10Hz stimuli, while interactive rTMS applied individual stimuli in response to a selected pattern of background EEG activity analysed in real-time. Patients were recruited by referrals from private psychiatrists and mental health clinics on the basis that at least one previous antidepressant treatment had failed. Diagnosis of a major depressive disorder was made using the DSM-IV TR. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and the Beck's Depression Inventory-II (BDI) scores were recorded at baseline, two weeks and following the final treatment. Results: There were no significant differences in age, sex, or baseline clinical variables between the 2 groups. The interactive group showed a trend towards greater efficacy than the standard group in both absolute (t=-1.68; p = 0.100) and percentage (1=-1.74; p = 0.090) change in scores on HDRS (and similarly BDI). The response rate (>50% reduction in HDRS scores) for the interactive technique of 43% (9/21) was also different to that of the standard technique (22%; 5/23; Odds-Ratio:2.70). For 18 participants, at least one course of ECT had been tried, with unsatisfactory response. The treatment effect (ChangeP) of the interactive technique was greater in both ECT (standard 22%, N=12; interactive 38%, N=7), and no-ECT (standard 35%, N=11; interactive 46% N=14) cohorts, although neither difference was significant. The TMS treatments appeared well tolerated. Several participants experienced initial discomfort, but briefly lowering the level (2-3 trains) usually allowed the re-application of the motor threshold level. Most participants reported headaches on at least one occasion, but none had headaches for the entire treatment, nor withdrew due to discomfort. No seizures were induced, nor was any unusual EEG activity observed subsequent to rTMS. Conclusions: The use of EEG-based TMS stimuli has been shown to be feasible in an rTMS clinical trial in treatment-resistant depression. The EEG based interactive technique showed a trend toward a greater clinical effect than a fixed -frequency 10 Hz standard rTMS technique. The interactive technique thus has the potential to refine the rTMS methodology and to enhance efficacy in the treatment of depression. ER  - 
Electroencephalographic diagnosis of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome$$$ Introduction: Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) is a clinico-radiological entity presenting with encephalopathy, visual disturbance and seizures, in patients with hypertension or pharmacological immunosuppression, confirmed by reversible cortical and subcortical posterior abnormalities on MRI, and responding rapidly to blood pressure and drug reduction. Aims: To determine whether key EEG features in PRES may be diagnostic. Method: A retrospective study of children admitted to Birmingham Children's Hospital from 1997 -2007, identified thirteen fulfilling clinico-radiological criteria for PRES, of whom eleven had EEGs. Recordings were re-examined in relation to the clinical features, seizure type, and cause. Characteristic features were identified and from 2008, patients were identified prospectively using these EEG criteria. Results: Initial EEGs all showed abnormally slow background activity, slowest (delta), and highest amplitude in posterior regions (10): asymmetrical in three, and one showed unilateral suppression of normal posterior activity. Four children had focal epileptic seizures during recording, with onset occipital (two), postero-temporal or -parietal. These EEG changes in acute PRES are highly characteristic: bilateral or asymmetric posterior slowing, irregular, high-amplitude and profound; loss of normal posterior rhythms; prolonged, repeated focal clinical or subclinical seizures with posterior onset. These changes prospectively identified two children in 2008. One child with acute renal failure in haemolytic uraemic syndrome and hypertension, (no immunosuppressives) developed visual hallucinations and confusion on day 3, focal seizures day 5, and further hallucinations day 8, when EEG showed typical posterior slowing. MRI day 5 showed changes in the corpus callosum splenium only. The EEG of the second child, presenting with seizures, high tacrolimus levels and renal failure after liver transplant, showed focal occipital seizure discharges and posterior slowing, but MRI day 2 was normal. Conclusions: PRES in children may present as a clinico-electrical syndrome without radiological confirmation. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of obstructive sleep apnea$$$ Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is associated with serious comorbid illnesses and diminished quality of life. At this time, continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) therapy is the treatment of choice. However, only half of those individuals who accept CPAP are still using it at the end of one year. Furthermore, efficacy for improving self-reported sleepiness appears to be greater for patients with severe sleep apnea and severe sleepiness than other patient groups. Some patients, notwithstanding optimized therapy and therapeutic adherence continue experiencing excessive daytime somnolence. Consequently, other treatment modalities have developed, including oral appliances, surgery and pharmacotherapy. It is widely believed, albeit not empirically demonstrated, that an effective medication to treat OSA would elicit better acceptance and adherence than having to use a machine for many hours on a nightly basis. Nonetheless, paucity of data (i.e. lack of large-scale randomized controlled trials), variability of perceived and actual benefits, and adverse side-effects of the drugs thus far tested have prevented the use of pharmacotherapy until now. In this paper we review the outcome data from published trials designed to evaluate efficacy and safety of various medications proposed for treating obstructive sleep apnea. © SAGE Publications 2008. ER  - 
Clinical decision making in the treatment of mania$$$ Nine agents are now Food and Drug Administration-approved for acute treatment of bipolar mania, and several other agents are being studied for efficacy. With multiple treatment options available, clinicians face the challenge of selecting among agents. Although clinicians may consult the American Psychiatric Association's Practice Guideline for the Treatment of Patients With Bipolar Disorder, Second Edition, when selecting a treatment for bipolar mania, decisions about many aspects of treatment, such as choosing among agents, comparing combination therapy versus monotherapy, and individualizing treatments, remain complex. Considering data from recent clinical studies that have compared the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of medications for bipolar mania both between and within classes may facilitate such treatment decisions. © Copyright 2008 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapeutics of epilepsy: Use of lamotrigine and expectations for lamotrigine extended release$$$ The goal in managing patients with epilepsy is complete seizure freedom. Pharmacotherapeutic management of epilepsy is complicated by multiple syndromes, inter-individual differences in drug sensitivities, inter-individual differences in drug disposition, and drug interactions. Most anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) have a therapeutic window with only a 2- to 3-fold concentration range. Extended release formulations offer advantages over their immediate release counter parts with less fluctuation in the serum concentration vs time curve and improved compliance. However, missed doses are more likely to result in prolonged "subtherapeutic serum concentrations". Best clinical outcome may sometimes require twice daily dosing of extended release formulations even though approved for once daily dosing, as this optimally balances pharmacokinetics against compliance. Lamotrigine (LTG) is a broad spectrum AED with efficacy in partial and generalized epilepsy syndromes and good tolerability. Its metabolism is affected by co-medications which may be inducing, neutral or inhibiting of hepatic glucuronidation. Furthermore, though the average half-life in monotherapy is about 24 hours, there is a large inter-individual variation that may, including the extremes, approach a range of 10-fold. LTG-XR is expected to decrease fluctuation of serum concentration in the presence of hepatic inducing or neutral drugs. However, optimal clinical benefit in some patients may require twice daily dosing when metabolism is rapid. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
An intriguing association between dental and mental pathology in addicted and control subjects: a cross-sectional survey.$$$ BACKGROUND: Recent clinical studies suggest that substance use may be associated with an acceleration of the ageing process, possibly related to a deficit of stem cell number or function. As this clinic had access to both medical and drug dependent patients, we tested the hypothesis that there may be an association between previously identified deficits. METHODS: A cross-sectional survey was performed looking at both dental and mental dysfunction. Both a dental index (DI) and a mental index (MI) were defined as previously described and utilised as summary measures of such pathology. FINDINGS: From 249 substance use disorder (SUD) and 134 general medical controls (N-SUD), 248 and 91 patients were selected with ages less than 57 years as the primary focus of analysis. The mean (+/- S.D.) ages (32.59 +/- 7.98 vs 35.65 +/- 15.45 years) were similar. The DI was found to correlate with the MI in a significant manner in SUD (R = 0.14, p = 0.03), N-SUD (R = 0.27, p = 0.009) and in the whole group (R = 0.17, p = 0.001). The (univariate) association of MI with DI (p = 0.019) and DI with MI (p = 0.0037) remained highly significant at multivariate regression after adjustment for psychiatric diagnoses and measures of dose-duration exposure to common addictive drugs. The qualitative appearance of the surfaces of best fit for the relationship between age, DI and MI was different in the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the robust statistical association between dental and mental pathology may be related to common underlying pathophysiological mechanisms such as a progeroid or stem cell deficiency process in clinical addiction. ER  - 
G-protein gene 825C>T polymorphism is associated with response to clozapine in Brazilian schizophrenics$$$ Aims: Clozapine treatment of schizophrenia is effective only in 30-60% of individuals. Since genetic factors are believed to play a significant role in the variation of response to antipsychotics, the aim of the present study was to verify the effect of a G-protein gene polymorphism on clozapine response and clozapine-induced generalized seizures in Brazilian patients with schizophrenia. Patients & methods: In total, 121 schizophrenic_ patients in treatment with clozapine were genotyped for the 825C>T polymorphism it the GNB3 gene using PCR. Results: Homozygosity for the T825 allele was mom frequent among nonresponders (χ2 = 7.708; p = 0.021), and carriers of this allele had a higher risk to present a convulsion episode (χ 2 = 7.279; p = 0.007). These results were confirmed after controlling for covariates by logistic regression. Conclusion: Our data suggest an influence of the 825C>T polymorphism on clozapine response in persons with schizophrenia and also on a specific neurological side effect (generalized seizures) under clozapine treatment. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Fluoroquinolones for treating typhoid and paratyphoid fever (enteric fever)$$$ Background: Fluoroquinolones are recommended as first-line therapy for typhoid and paratyphoid fever (enteric fever), but how they compare with other antibiotics and different fluoroquinolones is unclear. Objectives: To evaluate fluoroquinolone antibiotics for treating enteric fever in children and adults compared with other antibiotics, different fluoroquinolones, and different durations of fluoroquinolone treatment. Search strategy: In November 2007, we searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL (The Cochrane Library 2007, Issue 4), MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, mRCT, conference proceedings, and reference lists. Selection criteria: Randomized controlled trials of fluoroquinolones in people with blood or bone marrow culture-confirmed enteric fever. Data collection and analysis: Two authors independently assessed the trials' methodological quality and extracted data. We calculated odds ratios (OR) for dichotomous data with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We analysed trials with greater than 60% children separately from trials of mostly adults. Main results: Of 38 included trials, 22 had unclear allocation concealment and 34 did not use blinding. Four trials included exclusively children, seven had both adults and children, and three studied outpatients. ADULTS: Among primary outcomes (clinical failure, microbiological failure, and relapse), compared with chloramphenicol, fluoroquinolones were not statistically significantly different for clinical failure (594 participants) or microbiological failure (378 participants), but they reduced clinical relapse (OR 0.14, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.50; 467 participants, 6 trials). We detected no statistically significant difference versus co-trimoxazole (82 participants, 2 trials) or azithromycin (152 participants, 2 trials). Fluoroquinolones reduced clinical failure compared with ceftriaxone (OR 0.08, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.45; 120 participants, 3 trials), but not microbiological failure or relapse. Versus cefixime, fluoroquinolones reduced clinical failure (OR 0.05, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.24; 238 participants; 2 trials) and relapse (OR 0.18, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.91; 218 participants, 2 trials). CHILDREN: In children with high proportions of nalidixic acid-resistant strains, older fluoroquinolones increased clinical failures compared with azithromycin (OR 2.67, 95% CI 1.16 to 6.11; 125 participants, 1 trial), with no differences using newer fluoroquinolones (285 participants, 1 trial). Fluoroquinolones and cefiximewere not statistically significantly different (82 participants, 1 trial). Trials comparing different durations of fluoroquinolone treatment were not statistically significantly different (889 participants, 9 trials). Norfloxacin had more clinical failures than other fluoroquinolones (417 participants, 5 trials). Authors' conclusions: Trials were small and methodological quality varied. In adults, fluoroquinolones may be better for reducing clinical relapse rates compared to chloramphenicol. Data are limited for other comparisons, particularly in children. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Interventions for psychotic symptoms concomitant with epilepsy$$$ Background: People suffering from epilepsy have an increased risk of suffering from psychotic symptoms. The psychotic syndromes associated with epilepsy have generally been classified as ictal, postictal and interictal psychosis. Anticonvulsant drugs have been reported to precipitate psychosis. Moreover, all antipsychotic drugs have the propensity to cause paroxysmal EEG abnormalities and induce seizures. Objectives: To evaluate the benefits of interventions used to treat clinically significant psychotic symptoms occurring in people with epilepsy with regard to global improvement, changes in mental state, hospitalization, behavior, quality of life, effect on the frequency of seizures and interaction with antiepileptic drugs. Search strategy: We searched the Trials Registers of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group and the Cochrane Epilepsy Group (May 2008), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library Issue 2, 2008), MEDLINE (Ovid, 1950 to14 May 2008), EMBASE (1980 to 2006), PsycINFO (1872 to 12 May 2008), CINAHL (1981 to 9 May 2008) and Biological Abstracts using the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's phrase for randomized controlled trials and schizophrenia or psychotic disorders combined with the phrase [and {epilepsy* or seizure disorders*}]. Two review authors (SF and AS) independently inspected the citations identified from the search. We identified potentially relevant abstracts and assessed full papers for inclusion and methodological quality. Selection criteria: All randomized controlled trials comparing drugs, behavior therapy, cognitive behavior therapy or other non-pharmacological interventions used to relieve psychotic symptoms in people with epilepsy. Data collection and analysis: We planned to extract and analyze the data from all relevant studies using standardized methods. As only one study met the inclusion criteria, no meta-analysis was attempted. Main results: After independently assessing the abstracts and titles of 492 articles, we selected five relevant abstracts. Ultimately we found only one study meeting the inclusion criteria, which was available only as an abstract. This study compared the use of olanzapine (10mg/day) with haloperidol (12 mg/day) in 16 patients suffering from schizophrenia-like psychosis of epilepsy (SLPE). Thirteen patients completed the study. Significant improvement was associated with use of olanzapine. We did not identify any study on psychosocial interventions in patients suffering from epilepsy and psychosis. Authors' conclusions: Only one randomized controlled trial was found which lacked the power to test the efficacy of antipsychotics in those suffering from psychosis concomitant with epilepsy. Limited evidence from this small RCT suggests an improvement in psychotic symptoms, but not other outcome measures, with the use of an antipsychotic. The effects on seizure control are not well studied. Further trials are required to inform practice. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Nicotine receptor partial agonists for smoking cessation$$$ Background: Nicotine receptor partial agonists may help people to stop smoking by a combination of maintaining moderate levels of dopamine to counteract withdrawal symptoms (acting as an agonist) and reducing smoking satisfaction (acting as an antagonist). Varenicline was developed as a nicotine receptor partial agonist from cytisine, a drug widely used in central and eastern Europe for smoking cessation. The first trial reports of varenicline were released in 2006, and further trials have now been published or are currently are underway. Objectives: The primary objective of this review is to assess the efficacy and tolerability of nicotine receptor partial agonists, including varenicline and cytisine, for smoking cessation. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Tobacco Addiction Group's specialised register for trials, using the terms ('varenicline' or 'cytisine' or 'Tabex' or 'nicotine receptor partial agonist') and 'smoking' in the title or abstract, or as keywords. We also searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO and CINAHL using MeSH terms and free text, and we contacted authors of trial reports for additional information where necessary. The latest search was in March 2008. Selection criteria: We included randomized controlled trials which compared the treatment drug with placebo. We also included comparisons with bupropion and nicotine patches where available. We excluded trials which did not report a minimum follow-up period of six months from start of treatment. Data collection and analysis: We extracted data in duplicate on the type of participants, the dose and duration of treatment, the outcomemeasures, the randomization procedure, concealment of allocation, and completeness of follow up. The main outcome measured was abstinence from smoking after at least six months from the beginning of treatment. We used the most rigorous definition of abstinence, and preferred biochemically validated rates where they were reported. Where appropriate we performed meta-analysis to produce a risk ratio, using the Mantel-Haenszel fixed-effect model. Main results: We found seven trials of varenicline compared with placebo for smoking cessation; three of these also included a bupropion experimental arm. We found one relapse prevention trial, comparing varenicline with placebo. We also found one open-label trial comparing varenicline with nicotine replacement therapy. The nine trials covered 7267 participants, 4744 of whom used varenicline. We identified one trial of cytisine (Tabex) for inclusion. The pooled risk ratio (RR) for continuous abstinence at six months or longer for varenicline versus placebo was 2.33 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.95 to 2.80). The pooled RR for varenicline versus bupropion at one year was 1.52 (95% CI 1.22 to 1.88). The RR for varenicline versus NRT at one year was 1.31 (95% CI 1.01 to 1.71). The two trials which tested the use of varenicline beyond the 12-week standard regimen found the drug to be well-tolerated during long-term use. The main adverse effect of varenicline was nausea, which was mostly at mild to moderate levels and usually subsided over time. Post-marketing safety data suggest that varenicline may be associated with depressed mood, agitation, and suicidal behaviour or ideation. The labelling of varenicline has been amended, and the FDA is conducting a safety review. The one cytisine trial included in this review found that more participants taking cytisine stopped smoking compared with placebo at two-year follow up, with an RR of 1.61 (95% CI 1.24 to 2.08). Authors' conclusions: Varenicline increased the chances of successful long-term smoking cessation between two- and threefold compared with pharmacologically unassisted quit attempts. More participants quit successfully with varenicline than with bupropion. One open-label trial of varenicline versus nicotine replacement therapy demonstrated a modest benefit of varenicline. The effectiveness of varenicline as an aid to relapse prevention has not been clearly established. The main adverse effect of varenicline is nausea, but mostly at mild to moderate levels and tending to subside over time. Possible links with serious adverse events, including depressed mood, agitation and suicidal thoughts, are currently under review. There is a need for independent community-based trials of varenicline, to test its efficacy and safety in smokers with varying comorbidities and risk patterns. There is a need for further trials of the efficacy of treatment extended beyond 12 weeks. Cytisine may also increase the chances of quitting, but the evidence at present is inconclusive. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation (CPAP or bilevel NPPV) for cardiogenic pulmonary edema$$$ Background: Non-invasive positivepressure ventilation (NPPV) has been widely used to alleviate signs and symptoms of respiratory distress due to cardiogenic pulmonary edema. NPPV prevents alveolar collapse and helps redistribute intra-alveolar fluid, improving pulmonary compliance and reducing the pressure of breathing. Objectives: To determine the effectiveness and safety of NPPV in the treatment of adult patients with cardiogenic pulmonary edema. Search strategy: We undertook a comprehensive search of the following databases in April 2005: CENTRAL, MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, DARE and LILACS. We also reviewed reference lists of included studies and contacted experts, equipment manufacturers, and the Cochrane Heart Group. We did not apply language restrictions. Selection criteria: We selected blinded or unblinded randomized or quasi-randomized clinical trials, reporting on adult patients with acute or acute-on-chronic cardiogenic pulmonary edema and where NPPV (continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP)) and/or bilevel NPPV plus standard medical care was compared with standard medical care alone. Data collection and analysis: Two authors independently selected articles and abstracted data using a standardized data collection form. We evaluated study quality with emphasis on allocation concealment, adherence to the intention-to-treat principle and losses to follow-up. Main results: We included 21 studies involving 1,071 participants. Compared to standard medical care, NPPV significantly reduced hospital mortality (RR 0.6, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.84) and endotracheal intubation (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.34 to 0.83) with numbers needed to treat of 13 and 8, respectively. We found no difference in hospital length of stay with NPPV, however, intensive care unit stay was reduced by 1 day (WMD -1.07 days, 95% CI -1.60 to -0.53). Compared to standard medical care, we did not observe significant increases in the incidence of acute myocardial infarction with NPPV during (RR 1.24, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.95) or after (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.09 to 7.54) its application. Authors' conclusions: NPPV, especially CPAP, in addition to standard medical care is an effective and safe intervention for the treatment of adult patients with acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Psychological treatments for epilepsy$$$ Background: Psychological interventions such as relaxation therapy, cognitive behaviour therapy, bio-feedback and educational interventions have been used alone or in combination in the treatment of epilepsy, to reduce the seizure frequency and improve the quality of life. Objectives: To assess whether the treatment of epilepsy with psychological methods is effective in reducing seizure frequency and/or leads to a better quality of life. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Epilepsy Group's Specialized Register (1 July 2007), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library Issue 3, 2007), and MEDLINE (1966 to March 2007). No language restrictions were imposed. We checked the reference lists of retrieved studies for additional reports of relevant studies. Selection criteria: Randomized or quasi-randomized studies assessing one or more types of psychological or behaviour modification techniques for people with epilepsy. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed the trials for inclusion and extracted data. Primary analyses were by intention to treat. Outcomes included reduction in seizure frequency and quality of life. Main results: We found three small trials (50 participants) of relaxation therapy. They were of poor methodological quality and a meta-analysis was therefore not undertaken. No study found a significant effect of relaxation therapy on seizure frequency. Two trials found cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) to be effective in reducing depression, among people with epilepsy with a depressed affect, whilst another did not. Two trials of CBT found improvement in quality of life scores. One trial of group cognitive therapy found no significant effect on seizure frequency while another trial found statistically significant reduction in seizure frequency as well as in seizure index (product of seizure frequency and seizure duration in seconds) among subjects treated with CBT. Two trials of combined relaxation and behaviour therapy and one of EEG bio-feedback and four of educational interventions did not provide sufficient information to assess their effect on seizure frequency. One small study of galvanic skin response biofeedback reported significant reduction in seizure frequency. Combined use of relaxation and behaviour modification was found beneficial for anxiety and adjustment in one study. In one study EEG bio-feedback was found to improve the cognitive and motor functions in individuals with greatest seizure reduction. Educational interventions were found to be beneficial in improving the knowledge and understanding of epilepsy, coping with epilepsy, compliance to medication and social competencies. Authors' conclusions: In view of methodological deficiencies and limited number of individuals studied, we have found no reliable evidence to support the use of these treatments and further trials are needed. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Vigabatrin for refractory partial epilepsy$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a common neurological condition which affects between 0.5% and 1% of the population. Approximately 30% of people with epilepsy do not respond to treatment with currently available drugs, and the majority of these people have partial epilepsy. Vigabatrin is an antiepileptic drug licensed for use in the treatment of refractory epilepsy. No major side effects associated with the use of vigabatrin were detected by initial randomised controlled trials of the drug. However, longer term observational studies have subsequently identified that its use is associated with asymptomatic visual field constriction. Objectives: The objective of this reviewis to synthesise evidence from short-term, randomised, placebo-controlled trials of vigabatrin. We summarise the effects of vigabatrin on seizures and short-term side effects when used as an add-on treatment for people with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. A review of longer term observational studies and estimates of proportions of patients developing visual field constrictions is currently being undertaken and results will be cited here in due course. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Epilepsy Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library Issue 1, 2008), MEDLINE (1950-March 2008), and reference lists of articles. We also contacted the manufacturers of vigabatrin (Hoechst Marion Roussel). Selection criteria: We included randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, fully published trials of vigabatrin, in people with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Data collection and analysis: Two reviewauthors assessed trials for inclusion and extracted data. Primary analysis was by intention-to-treat (ITT). Outcomes evaluated included 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency, treatment withdrawal and side effects observable in the short term. Results are presented on the relative risk (RR) scale with 95 or 99% confidence intervals (CI). Main results: Eleven suitable trials, testing doses between 1000 mg and 6000 mg, were identified and included in the analysis. There were 982 observations on 747 patients in the primary ITT analysis of treatment efficacy. Patients treated with vigabatrin were significantly more likely to obtain a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency compared with those treated with placebo (RR 2.58 (95% CI 1.87 to 3.57)). Those treated with vigabatrin were also significantly more likely to have treatment withdrawn (RR 2.49 (95%CI 1.05 to 5.88)), and more likely to experience a number of side effects, significantly so for fatigue or drowsiness. There was some evidence of small study effect bias, with smaller studies tending to report greater estimates of RR than larger studies. It is possible that the actual relative risk of obtaining 50% reduction in seizure frequency may therefore be less than that obtained by a meta-analysis of fully published studies. Authors' conclusions: This review of randomised controlled trials shows that vigabatrin can reduce seizure frequency in people with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Short-term follow up of patients shows some side effects are associated with its use. Further analysis of longer term observational studies is required to evaluate how likely patients are to develop visual field defects, and whether such side effects are associated with dose and duration of drug use. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Efficacy of atypical antipsychotics in early-onset schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders$$$ Early-onset psychotic illnesses in children and adolescents are not as rare as is commonly believed. These disorders, which include schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, bipolar disorder with psychotic features, and major depression with psychotic features, often have a chronic and severe course and poor long-term outcome. Many patients with early-onset schizophrenia have greater functional impairments than most patients with adult-onset schizophrenia. Magnetic resonance imaging studies show that patients with early-onset schizophrenia experience substantial gray matter loss during adolescence, which is not observed in studies of patients with adult-onset schizophrenia. The chronic course, severe functional impairments, and poor prognosis of early-onset psychosis create a great need to identify effective and safe treatments for youth with psychosis. Although atypical antipsychotics have been considered superior to traditional antipsychotics, there has been little controlled information to inform clinical decisions until recently. Over the past 5 years, several studies have been initiated to address these questions. The results of the studies completed to date are reviewed. © Copyright 2008 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Therapeutic role of zonisamide in neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ Zonisamide (ZNS), a sulfonamide antiepileptic drug, is indicated as an adjunct therapy for partial seizure disorders with and without secondary generalization. ZNS has a favorable pharmacokinetic profile because of its rapid absorption and high bioavailability. Its activity is related to the blockade of voltage gated sodium and calcium channels, modulation of central dopaminergic, GABAergic, and serotonergic functions, as well as inhibition of carbonic anhydrase and monoamine oxidase B. ZNS has potential efficacy for an array of neuropsychiatric disorders including migraine and other headache syndromes, neuropathic pain, Parkinson's disease, essential tremor, stroke, obesity, anxiety, bipolar and bingeeating disorders. © 2008 Bentham Science Publisher Ltd. ER  - 
Relationship between the hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axis and alcohol craving in alcohol-dependent patients: A longitudinal study$$$ Background: A relationship between some hypothalamic-pituitary-related hormones and craving for alcohol has been suggested, leading to hypothesize a role of some hormones in the neurobiology of alcohol dependence. Investigating this association in alcohol-dependent (AD) patients was the aim of this preliminary and exploratory study. Methods: Cortisol, adrenocorticotropic hormone, prolactin, thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), free T3, free T4, growth hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone as well as administering the Obsessive-Compulsive Drinking Scale (OCDS) and Penn Alcohol Craving Scale (PACS) were assessed at baseline and after 12 weeks in 25 current AD patients. Patients were treated with baclofen (10 mg t.i.d.) for these 12 weeks. Sixteen patients remained totally abstinent for 12 weeks. Results: At baseline, a significant inverse correlation was found between TSH and PACS (r = -0.46; p = 0.022) and OCDS scores (r = -0.53; p = 0.007). A significant direct correlation was found between free T3 and OCDS score (r = 0.44; p = 0.026). In the 16 abstinent patients, craving scores were significantly decreased at 12 weeks (p < 0.01). At 12 weeks, no significant correlation was found between TSH and craving, but free T3 remained directly correlated with OCDS score (r = 0.60; p = 0.013). Conclusions: A relationship between alcohol craving and free T3 and TSH was demonstrated in AD patients, suggesting the potential involvement of the hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axis in the neurobiology of alcohol craving. © Copyright © 2008 by the Research Society on Alcoholism. ER  - 
Histamine H3 receptor antagonists go to clinics$$$ Within the recent years novel lead optimisations for histamine H 3 receptor antagonists made their way from bench to bedside. Structure-activity relationships, cross-affinities and side effects as well as pharmacokinetic profiling will be discussed on selected promising compound series. Due to diversity in potential therapeutic applications and in some cases a controversial debate, different indications will be highlighted with the potential and the problems of the test compounds, e.g. sleep-wake disorders, attention-deficient hyperactivity disorder, epilepsy, cognitive impairment, schizophrenia, obesity and neuropathic pain. First data published on clinical trials phase II (IIb) are presented showing proof of concept of H3 receptor antagonists in narcolepsy and photo-induced epilepsy. © 2008 Pharmaceutical Society of Japan. ER  - 
Use of anticonvulsants drugs for neuropathic painful conditions$$$ Neuropathic pain, a form of chronic pain initiated and sustained by an insult to the peripheral or central nervous system, is a challenge to clinicians as it does not respond well to traditional pain therapies. However exact pathophysiology is not known but considering similarities between epilepsy models and in neuropathic pain models justify the rationale for use of anticonvulsant drugs in the symptomatic management of neuropathic pain disorders. The role of anticonvulsant drugs in the treatment of neuropathic pain is evolving and various clinical trials have used these anticonvulsants and shown positive results in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia, painful diabetic neuropathy and postherpetic neuralgia. The availability of newer anticonvulsants tested in higher quality clinical trials has marked a new era in the treatment of neuropathic pain. Gabapentin has the most clearly demonstrated analgesic effect for the treatment of neuropathic pain, specifically for treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy and postherpetic neuralgia. Pregablin is a newer drug and will soon gain popularity in clinical practice. There is a need for further advances in our understanding of the neuropathic pain syndromes to establish the role of anticonvulsants in the treatment of neuropathic pain. ER  - 
Reflections on melatonin: Focus on child mental health$$$ Aims and method: To examine the propriety of the use of melatonin in child and adolescent psychiatry based on findings retrieved from multiple electronic databases including the Cochrane Library resource, covering 1950-2007. Results: There is evidence for the effectiveness of melatonin in the initiation of sleep in children with a variety of neurodevelopmental disorders but its value in improving quality of sleep is doubtful. Like hormones in general, melatonin has multifarious action sites and hence potential for many side-effects. Posological issues and long-term side-effects are yet to be validly determined. Clinical implications: Sleep hygiene should be a major component of the routine intervention programme for insomnia and melatonin judiciously prescribed until the safety of long-term use is known. ER  - 
Serotonergic antidepressants and linezolid: A retrospective chart review and presentation of cases$$$ Objective: To report the results from a retrospective chart review looking at the combination of linezolid and serotonergic antidepressants and to report two cases of serotonin syndrome which were identified at our hospital. Case Summary: During the retrospective chart review one case of serotonin syndrome was identified. A 65-year-old female was receiving escitalopram for the treatment of depression prior to admission. Linezolid therapy was initiated on admission and two days later the patient had a tonic-clonic seizure. Escitalopram was discontinued and the patient did not have any further seizure activity. In a second case, a 37-year-old male was receiving citalopram during hospitalization and was started on concomitant linezolid. The patient had myoclonus and was observed to be tremulous throughout therapy with linezolid. Ten days after discontinuation of linezolid the patient continued to have symptoms until the withdrawal of citalopram. The Naranjo probability scale scores the first case as possibly related and the second case as probably related to the combination. Discussion: It has been well documented in the literature that the combination of linezolid and serotonergic antidepressants may cause serotonin syndrome. In this retrospective chart review only one patient of 53 (1.8%) had symptoms highly suggestive of serotonin syndrome. A second patient continued to have symptoms of serotonin syndrome even after withdrawal of linezolid. Conclusions: This retrospective review and subsequent case reports confirm the rare, but serious, potential of serotonin syndrome associated with the combination of linezolid and serotonergic antidepressants. © 2008, Baywood Publishing Co., Inc. ER  - 
Desvenlafaxine succinate for major depressive disorder: A critical review of the evidence$$$ Desvenlafaxine succinate (DVS) is the succinate salt monohydrate of O-desmethylvenlafaxine, an active metabolite of venlafaxine. DVS is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) like venlafaxine, but exhibits a differential serotonergic and noradrenergic activity profile. A sustained-release form of DVS is approved by the US FDA for the treatment of adult major depressive disorder (MDD). DVS has shown efficacy for the treatment of MDD in clinical trials with doses ranging from 50 to 400 mg/day. The 50-100 mg/day dose range is therapeutic, with lack of additional benefit shown at higher dosages and a significantly higher risk of side effects, especially at the 400 mg/day dosing. Advantages of DVS over other sSNRIs include its simple metabolism, lower risk of drug-drug interactions and lack of need for extensive titration to achieve therapeutic efficacy. Limitations with the use of DVS include its moderate efficacy in the treatment of MDD, a safety-tolerability profile similar to that of other SNRIs and the possibility of transient discontinuation symptoms with cessation of DVS treatment. DVS is a useful addition to the options available for the treatment of MDD in light of the limited efficacy of currently available antidepressants. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
The active management of delirium: Improving detection and treatment$$$ The management of delirium requires careful consideration of the potential value both of pharmacological interventions and of a range of non-drug strategies. Although placebo-controlled studies of delirium treatment are lacking, less robust evidence can still inform practice. This review makes the case for more active management of delirium on the basis of recent studies of prevention, early identification and treatment both during an episode and managing the aftermath in survivors. A drug-treatment algorithm for delirium advising how drug treatments can be tailored to the specific needs of individual patients is described. ER  - 
Transcranial magnetic stimulation: A device intended for the psychiatrist's office, but what is its future clinical role?$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a novel, noninvasive, office-based device echnology that delivers focused stimulation to the cortex of the brain by means of magnetic pulses. It is a promising therapeutic approach in a variety of neuropsychiatric disorders. A large number of clinical trials have examined irepetitive TMS as a novel treatment for major depression, with additional significant work in schizophrenia, anxiety disorders and pain syndromes. In this review, we describe how repetitive TMS is administered clinically and discuss how excitatory and inhibitory forms of stimulation are applied depending on what is known of the underlying pathophysiology of the disorder. Future putative clinical applications of repetitive TMS in psychiatry are discussed, with the authors' perspective on its likely role in clinical practice. TMS s a promising form of neuromodulation therapy that will most likely become a significant part of clinical practice in the future. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of epilepsy in the elderly$$$ The elderly are the most rapidly growing segment of the population, and the incidence of epilepsy in persons over 65 is higher than in any other age group. In nursing homes, its incidence is even higher than in community-dwelling persons of similar ages. About 10% of nursing home residents are being treated with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), with an "epilepsy/seizure" indication reported for about 7.7% of this use. Almost all elderly patients are being treated with AEDs introduced before 1978 - phenytoin, carbamazepine, valproate, and barbiturates. However, age-related changes in protein binding, decreases in hepatic and renal clearance, alterations in gastrointestinal absorption, and interactions with drugs used for other conditions make the choice of the best AED difficult. AEDs that do not interact with other drugs, are not metabolized by the liver, and are readily absorbed may offer benefits for the elderly. To complicate matters, the elderly are not a homogeneous population. Today there are many AEDs to choose from, and some of the newer AEDs have more favorable characteristics than the older ones. Choice of an AED should be made on an individual basis, considering the cost of the drug, the cost of consequences of drug-drug interactions, and expenses associated with acute and chronic adverse effects. In other words, clinical skills rather than formulaic approaches are needed to match detailed knowledge of each patient's characteristics with the properties of the various AEDs. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2008. ER  - 
Brain metastases$$$ Metastatic brain tumors are the most common intracranial neoplasm in adults, affecting up to 10% of adults with cancer in the United States. The risk of developing brain metastases varies by primary cancer type, with lung cancer, breast cancer, and melanoma accounting for the majority. The incidence of brain metastases appears to be rising because of several factors, including an aging population, better treatment of systemic disease, and improved cranial imaging techniques. Therapeutic approaches to brain metastases include surgery, whole brain radiotherapy (WBRT), stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS), and chemotherapy. Many patients are treated with a combination of these, and treatment decisions must take into account clinical prognostic factors in order to maximize survival and neurologic function while avoiding unnecessary treatments. WBRT remains the most widely used treatment for patients with brain metastases. Although many radiation sensitizers have been studied over the years, none has emerged for widespread use. For patients with a limited number of brain metastases and favorable prognostic factors, local therapies such as surgery and SRS improve control rates and may extend survival compared with WBRT alone. SRS can also be used effectively at recurrence in patients with a limited number of lesions. Chemotherapy has traditionally played only a salvage role for brain metastases when all other treatments have failed, but research is likely to increasingly focus on systemic options such as targeted agents and angiogenesis inhibitors, as well as on novel delivery techniques and multidrug resistance pathways specific to brain in order to expand treatment options for this growing population of patients. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2008. ER  - 
Biologic agents in the management of inflammatory eye diseases$$$ Biologics are a new class of drugs that comprise recombinant cytokines and monoclonal antibodies directed against selected cell-surface markers. They include the tumor necrosis factor-α inhibitors infliximab, etanercept, and adalimumab; the antilymphocyte drugs rituximab and alemtuzumab; the interleukin-2 receptor blocker daclizumab; and recombinant interferon-α. This article reviews the rationale and current evidence for their use in uveitis, scleritis, and orbital inflammation. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2008. ER  - 
Assessment and management of psychiatric issues during cancer treatment$$$ Since its beginnings in the mid-1970s, the field of psychooncology has developed rapidly. A substantial body of literature has evolved toward identifying key issues for psychiatric treatment and care management of cancer patients. The spectrum of cancer care encompasses patient experiences through initial diagnosis, active treatment, after-care and survivorship, as well as palliative care and end-of-life. This article highlights recognition and management of psychiatric syndromes in the context of cancer care. © Current Medicine Group LLC 2008. ER  - 
The ketogenic diet: Uses in epilepsy and other neurologic illnesses$$$ The ketogenic diet is well established as therapy for intractable epilepsy. It should be considered first-line therapy in glucose transporter type 1 and pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency. It should be considered early in the treatment of Dravet syndrome and myoclonic-astatic epilepsy (Doose syndrome). Initial studies indicate that the ketogenic diet appears effective in other metabolic conditions, including phosphofructokinase deficiency and glycogen osis type V (McArdle disease). It appears to function in these disorders by providing an alternative fuel source. A growing body of literature suggests the ketogenic diet may be beneficial in certain neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer disease, Parkinson's disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. In these disorders, the ketogenic diet appears to be neuroprotective, promoting enhanced mitochondrial function and rescuing adenosine triphosphate production. Dietary therapy is a promising intervention for cancer, given that it may target the relative inefficiency of tumors in using ketone bodies as an alternative fuel source. The ketogenic diet also may have a role in improving outcomes in trauma and hypoxic injuries. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2008. ER  - 
Sleep in children with autism spectrum disorders$$$ Children with autism spectrum disorders frequently have significant sleep problems, most commonly insomnia. Fortunately, a variety of treatments are available, including behavioral interventions and pharmacotherapy. When establishing a treatment plan, it is imperative to understand the underlying etiology of the sleep problem, which in many cases is multifactorial. Some sleep problems, such as suspected obstructive sleep apnea, should be referred to a sleep specialist. Identifying and treating sleep disorders may not only result in improved sleep but also may favorably affect daytime behavior and family functioning. In general, when treating insomnia, behavioral interventions should be instituted initially, followed by pharmacotherapy if needed. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2008. ER  - 
Allergy: A risk factor for suicide?$$$ The rates of depression, anxiety, and sleep disturbance (suicide risk factors) are greater in patients with allergic rhinitis than in the general population. The rate of allergy is also greater in patients with depression. Preliminary data suggest that patients with a history of allergy may have an increased rate of suicide. Clinicians should actively inquire to diagnose allergy in patients with depression and depression in patients with allergy. Spring peaks of suicide are highly replicated, but their origin is poorly understood. Preliminary epidemiologic data suggest that seasonal spring peaks in aeroallergens are associated with seasonal spring peaks in suicide. Our research in Brown Norway rats demonstrates that sensitization and exposure to aeroallergens induces anxiety-like and aggressive behaviors as well as allergy-related helper T-cell type 2 (Th2) cytokine gene expression in the prefrontal cortex. Thus, it is possible that sensitization and exposure to aeroallergens, which peak in spring, may be conducive to seasonal exacerbation of suicide risk factors such as anxiety, depression, hostility/aggression, and sleep disturbance. Connecting allergy with suicide and suicide risk factors adds to previous neurologic literature connecting allergy with migraines and seizure disorders. Our recent report of Th2 (allergy-mediating) cytokine expression in the orbitofrontal cortex of suicide victims should lead to future studies to test the hypothesis that mediators of allergic inflammation in the nasal cavities may result in Th2 cytokine expression in the brain, influencing affect and behavioral modulation. Certain medications used to treat allergy can exacerbate suicide risk factors, potentially worsening suicide risk and even triggering suicide. Systemic (but not topical) corticosteroids have been associated with manic and depressive episodes and mixed mood states. Recently, the US Food and Drug Administration started investigating the possibility that montelukast may trigger suicide. Although this association requires further exploration and confirmation, clinicians should err on the side of caution, inquiring about past suicide attempts; hopelessness; reasons for living; and suicidal ideation, intent, or plan; and referring the patient to a mental health professional for evaluation if appropriate. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2008. ER  - 
Early complications of ischemic stroke$$$ Patients with acute ischemic stroke are at high risk of neurologic and medical complications, such as space-occupying edema formation, hemorrhagic transformation of the infarct, epileptic seizures, depression, and venous thromboembolism. They should therefore be monitored closely for early detection of these complications. Care is best when the patient is admitted to a specialized stroke unit. The multidisciplinary approach provided by stroke units, including specialized medical, nursing, and remedial therapies, reduces the duration of hospitalization and improves functional outcome. For many complications, however, optimal treatment and its effect on functional outcome after stroke has not been established. Therefore, in addition to the ongoing acute intervention trials, well-designed, large randomized trials are needed to address the prevention and treatment of complications and their effect on functional outcome. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2008. ER  - 
Peginterferon for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B in the era of nucleos(t)ide analogues$$$ The practising clinician is currently faced with a number of effective treatment options for chronic hepatitis B, including two formulations of interferon (standard IFN and pegylated IFN) and five nucleos(t)ide analogues (lamivudine, adefovir, entecavir, telbivudine and tenofovir). Treatment strategies can be divided into those aiming for sustained response after discontinuation of therapy and those that need to be maintained by prolonged antiviral therapy. Sustained response is particularly achieved with interferon-based therapy, while treatment-maintained response can be achieved with long-term nucleos(t)ide analogue therapy in the majority of patients. Of currently available drugs for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B, PEG-IFN seems to result in the highest rate of off-treatment sustained response after a 1-year course of therapy. Sustained transition to the immune-control phase (inactive HBsAg carrier state) can be achieved in 30-35% of HBeAg-positive patients and 20-25% of HBeAg-negative patients. Loss of HBsAg has been observed in 11% of both HBeAg-positive and HBeAg-negative patients after 3-4 years. Since hepatitis B virus (HBV) genotype is an important predictor of response to PEG-IFN, determination of HBV genotype is essential in patients in whom sustained off-treatment response is pursued. Aiming for sustained response is of particular interest because many HBV-infected patients are in need of antiviral therapy at a young age and may otherwise require indefinite antiviral therapy. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The role of pharmacogenetics in treating central nervous system disorders$$$ Symptoms of central nervous system (CNS) disorders include abnormalities in both physical and psychological domains. Many drugs indicated for the treatment of CNS disorders are fraught with side effects and/or poor efficacy which impact patients' quality of life and drives non-compliance. Moreover, for many CNS drugs such as antidepressants and antipsychotics, it takes time to determine whether a particular drug is efficacious in an individual patient. To optimize drug treatment for each patient, prescribing physicians often need to raise or lower doses, switch drug classes, or prescribe additional drugs to mitigate side effects, often in a ''trial and error'' fashion. Pharmacogenetic (PGx) testing, particularly in the realm of CNS therapy, can reduce the unpredictability of this process. By determining a patient's genetic profile, individual therapy parameters may be predicted pre-treatment for drug efficacy, optimal drug dose, and the risk of adverse drug reactions (ADRs). The intent of this review is to highlight the power of PGx testing to predict the likelihood of ADRs and efficacy during the treatment of the following CNS disorders: epilepsy, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and depression. Copyright © 2008 by the Society for Experimental Biology and Medicine. ER  - 
Phase II preradiation R115777 (tipifarnib) in newly diagnosed GBM with residual enhancing disease$$$ Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is a lethal primary malignant brain tumor in adults. R115777 (tipifarnib) is an oral agent with antiproliferative effects, being a potent and selective inhibitor of farnesyltransferase. This multicenter, open-label phase II study was designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of R115777 given after surgery and prior to radiation in patients with newly diagnosed and residual enhancing GBM. Following surgery, an MRI confirmed the presence of residual enhancing tumor. Patients on enzyme-inducing antisei- zure drugs (EIASDs) received 600 mg twice per day, and those not on EIASDs received 300 mg twice per day. One to three monthly cycles of R115777 were administered, and radiation was initiated with progression or after three cycles. A cycle consisted of 3 weeks of continuous R115777 followed by a 1-week rest. MRI was done monthly. The primary end point was overall survival; secondary end points were tumor response rate and toxicity. A total of 28 confirmed GBM patients entered the study; 15 patients (54%) were on EIASDs. The overall median time of survival was 7.7 months. There were no tumor responses. Eight patients (29%) had stable disease as the best response. The study was stopped early due to progression of the disease in 12 patients (48%). A total of 24 patients (85%) were off study before the planned treatment schedule for radiation therapy. R115777 administered prior to radiation therapy in patients with newly diagnosed GBM and residual enhancing disease did not result in any measurable responses or improvement in survival. R115777 administered prior to radiation therapy is not recommended for patients with newly diagnosed GBM. Copyright 2008 by the Society for Neuro-Oncology. ER  - 
Greater accrual damage in late-onset systemic lupus erythematosus: A long-term follow-up study$$$ The main objective of this study was to evaluate the clinical differences and the pattern and extent of organ damage in late-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). A nested case-control study was performed from patients with SLE followed in the Rheumatology Unit of the State University of Campinas between 1974 and 2005. Patients who developed SLE after the age of 49 were considered late-onset SLE. SLE patients with age <49 years, matched for sex, ethnicity, disease duration and organ damage at study entry were randomly chosen to compose the control group. Baseline and cumulative clinical manifestations, laboratory data, SLE disease activity index (SLEDAI), Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics/American College of Rheumatology-damage index (SDI) and mortality were compared between groups. At diagnosis and follow-up, late-onset group had lower SLEDAI scores when compared with younger age onset. Clinically, they presented less frequently arthritis (P = 0.0002) and malar rash (P = 0.02) and more frequently Raynaud's phenomenon (P = 0.002) and arterial hypertension (P = 0.02) when compared with young onset at diagnosis. Late-onset SLE received lower total corticosteroid dose (P < 0.001) and less frequently cyclophosphamide (P = 0.01). During the study period, late-onset SLE had always lower SLEDAI scores (P = 0.001). At study endpoint, late-onset SLE patients had significantly higher SDI scores (P = 0.001) and a higher mortality rate when compared with younger onset group (P < 0.01). In conclusion, late-onset SLE is milder on presentation and during course of disease, but patients have more organ damage and a higher rate of mortality than young onset SLE. Patients with late onset should be followed with close monitoring and early identification of complications is mandatory in this subgroup of patients with SLE. © 2008 SAGE Publications. ER  - 
New therapeutic promises in the treatment of depression and schizophrenia$$$ The XXVI Collegium Internationale Neuro-Psychopharmacologicum (CINP) Congress, commemorating its 50th anniversary, was held in Munich, Germany, from July 13 to 17, 2008, at the Internationales Congress Center. Co-incidentally, this year Munich is also celebrating its 850th birthday and venerating various events. Keeping its tradition, the CINP-Congress addressed the main issues related to mental depression, schizophrenia and anxiety disorders. The various symposia addressed topics such as immunology in psychiatry, status of conventional and atypical antipsychotics, risks and benefits in long-term use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, interrelating the role of various neurotransmitters, particularly, dopamine and glutamate in psychiatry and animals models employed in central nervous system disorders. The congress also addressed educational issues such as state-of-the-art treatment of various psychiatric disorders. This was in line with the current observations of the World Health Organization (WHO) database, according to which approximately 1 billion people worldwide are battling neurological disorders ranging from migraines to epilepsy and dementia. The economic burden of both treatment and loss of social workforce is huge even though several remedies are available for the management of these disorders. Therefore, the CINP rightly addressed the issues of discovering new targets and therapeutic options in the management of neuropsychiatric disorders. The conference also brought together scientists involved in basic or clinical research. The present article summarizes the outcome of the deliberations. © 2008 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term sustained benefits of clozapine treatment in refractory early onset schizophrenia: A retrospective study in Korean children and adolescents$$$ Objective: Treatment resistance in early onset schizophrenia (EOS) is one of the most challenging problems in child and adolescent psychiatry. We retrospectively examined the therapeutic dosage, clinical response, and side effect profiles of long-term clozapine treatment in Korean children and adolescents with refractory EOS or very early onset schizophrenia (VEOS). Method: 26 refractory patients treated with clozapine for more than 1 year were analyzed. Efficacy was determined by comparing hospitalization rate and duration, before and after clozapine treatment. Tolerability was assessed through review of documented adverse events. Results: A significant reduction in hospital days per year was observed in 25 (96.2%) patients after clozapine treatment compared to before clozapine. Long-term benefit of the treatment was supported by a further reduction of the hospitalization rate in 14 patients treated with clozapine for more than 3 years. Neutropenia developed in 26.9% patients at 1 year and there was no agranulocytosis. Overall, eight male patients (8/12, 66.7%) and one female patient (1/14, 7%) developed neutropenia and out of the nine patients, seven patients were maintained and two patients were successfully rechallenged on clozapine. Conclusion: These findings suggest that long-term clozapine treatment may effectively reduce the amount of time Asian patients with refractory EOS or VEOS spend in the hospital. However careful monitoring of adverse events is required. Copyright © 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Therapeutic apheresis in neurological disorders: A survey of the evidence in support of current category I and II indications for therapeutic plasma exchange$$$ Neurologic disorders constitute the largest group of indications for therapeutic plasma exchange. Although some of the traditional indications are supported by properly designed randomized trials, others are not. This article provides a critical look at the evidence in support of the assignment by ASFA of Category I or II indications to neurologic disorders in its most recent (2007) evaluation of therapeutic apheresis. © 2008 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
High-dose ropivacaine versus bupivacaine for posttonsillectomy pain relief in adults$$$ Objective: To compare the efficacy and safety of preincisional high-dose ropivacaine with bupivacaine in relieving posttonsillectomy pain. Design: A prospective, randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. Setting: University hospital. Patients: Before the incision, 58 subjects were randomly assigned to receive 10 mL of 10 mg/mL ropivacaine hydrochloride with epinephrine (n-19, group 1), 10 mL of 2.5 mg/mL bupivacaine with epinephrine (n-20, group 2), or saline with epinephrine (n-19, group 3) as a placebo. Main Outcomes Measures: Postoperative pain, additional analgesic drug consumption, otalgia, operating time, amount of intraoperative blood loss, and possible complications were assessed. The intensity of pain was scored on a visual analogue scale. The patients were followed up for 10 days after surgery. Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the demographic and operational characteristics of the patient groups. Statistically significant differences were determined between in the mean intensity of constant and swallowing pain values of group 1 and group 2 or 3, at 4, 8, and 12 hours, and on days 1, 2, 3, and 4, postoperatively. However, no statistical differences were determined between the groups on days 5, 7, and 10. A lower amount of additional analgesic drug was consumed by the ropivacaine group than by the bupivacaine group, and by the bupivacaine group than by the control group, and the differences were statistically significant. Conclusion: Preincisional infiltration of the tonsils with high-dose ropivacaine markedly decreased the intensity of pain after tonsillectomy when compared with bupivacaine or placebo, especially until postoperative day 4 in adults. © 2008 The Candadian Society of Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery. ER  - 
Psychopharmacology in psychodermatology$$$ Background: The management of psychodermatologic disease often involves the use of psychotropics by dermatologists. A general approach to the psychopharmacologic management of psychodermatological disease may be of assistance to the dermatologist. Objective: We review and provide a current psychopharmacologically based approach to management of common psychopathologies associated with psychodermatologic disorders, common side effects, and potential drug interactions that may occur with selected psychotropics. Methods: Using relevant MeSH terms, we performed a review of the literature from 1980 to 2006. Results and Conclusions: Effective psychopharmacologic management of psychodermatologic disease involves identifying and basing treatment on the associated psychopathology; familiarity with a variety of psychotropic agents, including antidepressants, anxiolytics, and antipsychotics; and the involvement of a psychiatrist when possible. © 2008 Canadian Dermatology Association. ER  - 
Potential novel anxiolytic drugs$$$ Anxiety disorders are common and disabling conditions. Current drug treatment methods have limitations including resistance, delayed efficacy and side effects. The advent of sophisticated imaging techniques and the production of highly selective receptor ligands have increased our knowledge of the biological mechanisms underpinning anxiety. Our aim is to review recent discoveries in important neurological systems to provide an understanding of important current anxiolytic targets. Some of these systems, such as GABA, have been implicated in anxiety disorders for decades, but a recent greater understanding is enabling more sophisticated targeting of treatments. In other systems, including the neuropeptides, we have now developed the pharmacological tools in human subjects to begin exploring their relationship to anxiety disorders. We review GABA, serotonin, glutamate, noradrenaline, dopamine and some neuropeptides herein. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Tianeptine: An antidepressant with memory-protective properties$$$ The development of effective pharmacotherapy for major depression is important because it is such a widespread and debilitating mental disorder. Here, we have reviewed preclinical and clinical studies on tianeptine, an atypical antidepressant which ameliorates the adverse effects of stress on brain and memory. In animal studies, tianeptine has been shown to prevent stress-induced morphological sequelae in the hippocampus and amygdala, as well as to prevent stress from impairing synaptic plasticity in the prefrontal cortex and hippocampus. Tianeptine also has memory-protective characteristics, as it blocks the adverse effects of stress on hippocampus-dependent learning and memory. We have further extended the findings on stress, memory and tianeptine here with two novel observations: 1) stress impairs spatial memory in adrenalectomized (ADX), thereby corticosterone-depleted, rats; and 2) the stress-induced impairment of memory in ADX rats is blocked by tianeptine. These findings are consistent with previous research which indicates that tianeptine produces anti-stress and memory-protective properties without altering the response of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis to stress. We conclude with a discussion of findings which indicate that tianeptine accomplishes its anti-stress effects by normalizing stress-induced increases in glutamate in the hippocampus and amygdala. This finding is potentially relevant to recent research which indicates that abnormalities in glutamatergic neurotransmission are involved in the pathogenesis of depression. Ultimately, tianeptine's prevention of depression-induced sequelae in the brain is likely to be a primary factor in its effectiveness as a pharmacological treatment for depression. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
The birth of convulsive therapy$$$ The history of the first convulsive treatment is summarized here in commemoration of its 75th anniversary. The neuropathological and clinical findings underlying the theoretical basis of the method are reviewed, together with the case histories of the first batch of patients who underwent convulsive therapy. The early indications and effectiveness of convulsive therapy are also discussed. Finally, in a broader context, the role of convulsive treatment in the development of modern biological psychiatry and Laszlo Meduna's contribution to this development touched upon. ER  - 
Herbal medicines and anaesthesia: What should we know?$$$ Alternative medicine use has increased dramatically over the last decade. There has been 380% rise in the consumption of herbal products in last decade in the United States alone. As many as 70% of patients do not reveal their use of these agents to treating anesthesiologist considering neu-traceuticals as "natural supplements" rather than form of medicine. With respect to anesthesia herbs can cause coagulation disorders, cardiovascular side effects, water and electrolyte disturbances, endocrine effects, hepatotoxicity, and prolongation of the effects of anesthetic agents. It is imperative that anesthesiologist obtain a history of herbal medicine use from patients and anticipate the adverse drug interactions. In case of any doubt it may be prudent to stop these herbal medicines at least 2 to 3 weeks prior to anesthesia and surgery. ER  - 
Sleep problems in children with neurological disorders$$$ This review describes the complex and often reciprocal relationship between sleep problems, neurological disorders and/or intellectual disability in children. The causes of Intellectual disability (ID) discussed in this review include those conditions present from or around the time of birth, although it also considers traumatic brain injuries occurring later in development. This review discusses the patterns of sleep difficulty associated with specific disorders and summarizes the assessment and interventions, both behavioural and pharmacological, applicable to children. Many neurological disorders such as epilepsy, narcolepsy and neurorespiratory disorders vary considerably in terms of the degree of co-morbid problems and can present with a spectrum of effects on underlying cognitive or behavioural substrates including sleep function. These conditions are discussed as they provide useful insights into how disordered sleep can impact on cognitive development and behaviour. The review draws both on the literature in these areas and the extensive clinical experience of the authors. ER  - 
Adverse drug reactions related hospitalization identified by discharge ICD-9 codes in a univeristy hospital in Riyadh$$$ Objective: To asses the feasibility of using International Classification of Disease (ICD-9) to ascertain the prevalence, seriousness, and, preventability of adverse drug reaction (ADRs). Methods: A retrospective study between the years 1982 and 2005 was conducted at King Khated University Hospital (KKUH), Riyadh, Saudi Arabia to examine the ICD-9 codes assigned on discharge to identify ADRs. A list of the ICD-9 codes related to ADRs were identified. These codes were entered into the hospital computer program at the study site to identify corresponding patients' medical records. The total number of patients admitted to the hospital each year was identified to calculate the prevalence of ADRs, and descriptive analysis was also conducted. Results: A total of 89 patients were identified and included. Drug classes commonly associated with ADR include hormones 364 synthetic substitutes (14.6%), followed by Primary systemic agents (13.5%). Almost 50% of costs had chronic conditions and use other drugs when the ADR had occurred. The majority of the ADRs wen type A (54%) "preventable," while 39% were type B "non preventable," and only 6% were type C "occur with long term use." The prevalence per year ranged from 0.07% in 1993 to 0.003% in 1999. Conclusion: Identifying ADRs causing hospital admission by using ICD-9 coding system is easy and practical. However, under or inaccurate recording of ICD-9 codes may be a limitation to the use of such an important tool. ER  - 
New data with Arsenic trioxide in leukemias and myelodysplastic syndromes$$$ Arsenic and its derivatives have been used for medicinal purposes for thousands of years. Arsenic trioxide has demonstrated remarkable activity in the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), for which it can bring about complete remissions (CR) in > 80% of patients with relapsed disease, and molecular remission in 90% of those who enter a CR. Clinical trials have explored its use in the first-line setting and as part of consolidation therapy for de novo APL, for which it appears to provide an event-free and overall survival advantage. Two multicenter trials have examined its use in the treatment of the myelodysplastic syndromes; as a single agent, it yields responses in 20% of patients, and smaller trials have provided evidence for its use in non-APL acute myeloid leukemia populations in combination with other drugs such as gemtuzumab ozogamicin, ascorbic acid, and cytarabine. ER  - 
Randomised open trial of 35 subjects with epileptic seizures after stroke, treated with levetiracetam or carbamazepine CR$$$ Up to 33% of patients experience seizures since stroke onset. In patients older than 35 years seizures after stroke are the most common cause of epilepsy. In this study 35 elderly patients with concomitant diseases and several therapies have been randomized to treatment with levetiracetam (LEV) or carbamazepine (CBZ-CR) after post-stroke seizures. The two drugs had similar efficacy, but patients' comorbidity and politherapy have been managed more easily with LEV than with CBZ-CR. ER  - 
Therapeutic potential of phytocannabinoids and synthetic derivatives affecting human endocannabinoid system$$$ From the pharmaceutical and medicinal point of view Cannabis saliva L. is an interesting and perspective material. It contains biologically active cannabinoids whose isolation and identification in the 1960's enabled a rapid research that has been bringing interesting results to this day. Especially revealing the human endocannabinoid system and the pharmacological effects of cannabinoids or derived synthetic compounds are the most interesting areas. The research in this field continues also toward pharmaceutical dosage forms with convenient route of administration and pharmacokinetics parameters to be used in clinical practice. Cannabinoids open completely new approaches in the treatment of many relevant human diseases and can become perspective and potential remedies. This review article deals with the effects of cannabinoids on human endocannabinoid system, their use in pharmacotherapy, their adverse effects, their interactions with other drugs and the convenient pharmaceutical dosage forms. Additional information concerning laws valid in the Czech Republic and used analytical forensic methods of cannabinoids are reviewed here as well. ER  - 
Endogenous opiates and behavior: 2007$$$ This paper is the thirtieth consecutive installment of the annual review of research concerning the endogenous opioid system. It summarizes papers published during 2007 that studied the behavioral effects of molecular, pharmacological and genetic manipulation of opioid peptides, opioid receptors, opioid agonists and opioid antagonists. The particular topics that continue to be covered include the molecular-biochemical effects and neurochemical localization studies of endogenous opioids and their receptors related to behavior, and the roles of these opioid peptides and receptors in pain and analgesia; stress and social status; tolerance and dependence; learning and memory; eating and drinking; alcohol and drugs of abuse; sexual activity and hormones, pregnancy, development and endocrinology; mental illness and mood; seizures and neurologic disorders; electrical-related activity and neurophysiology; general activity and locomotion; gastrointestinal, renal and hepatic functions; cardiovascular responses; respiration and thermoregulation; and immunological responses. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Using second-generation antidepressants to treat depressive disorders: A clinical practice guideline from the American College of Physicians$$$ Description: The American College of Physicians developed this guideline to present the available evidence on the pharmacologic management of the acute, continuation, and maintenance phases of major depressive disorder; dysthymia; subsyndromal depression; and accompanying symptoms, such as anxiety, insomnia, or neurovegetative symptoms, by using second-generation antidepressants. Methods: Published literature on this topic was identified by using MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsychLit, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts from 1980 to April 2007. Searches were limited to English-language studies in adults older than 19 years of age. Keywords for search included terms for depressive disorders and 12 specific second-generation antidepressants - bupropion, citalopram, duloxetine, escitalopram, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, mirtazapine, nefazodone, paroxetine, sertraline, trazodone, and venlafaxine - and their specific trade names. This guideline grades the evidence and recommendations by using the American College of Physicians clinical practice guidelines grading system. Recommendation 1: The American College of Physicians recommends that when clinicians choose pharmacologic therapy to treat patients with acute major depression, they select second-generation antidepressants on the basis of adverse effect profiles, cost, and patient preferences (Grade: strong recommendation; moderatequality evidence). Recommendation 2: The American College of Physicians recommends that clinicians assess patient status, therapeutic response, and adverse effects of antidepressant therapy on a regular basis beginning within 1 to 2 weeks of initiation of therapy (Grade: strong recommendation; moderate-quality evidence). Recommendation 3: The American College of Physicians recommends that clinicians modify treatment if the patient does not have an adequate response to pharmacotherapy within 6 to 8 weeks of the initiation of therapy for major depressive disorder (Grade: strong recommendation; moderate-quality evidence). Recommendation 4: The American College of Physicians recommends that clinicians continue treatment for 4 to 9 months after a satisfactory response in patients with a first episode of major depressive disorder. For patients who have had 2 or more episodes of depression, an even longer duration of therapy may be beneficial (Grade: strong recommendation; moderate-quality evidence). © 2008 American College of Physicians. ER  - 
Comparative benefits and harms of second-generation antidepressants: Background paper for the American College of Physicians$$$ Background: Second-generation antidepressants dominate the management of major depressive disorder, dysthymia, and subsyndromal depression. Evidence on the comparative benefits and harms is still accruing. Purpose: To compare the benefits and harms of second-generation antidepressants (bupropion, citalopram, duloxetine, escitalopram, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, mirtazapine, nefazodone, paroxetine, sertraline, trazodone, and venlafaxine) for the treatment of depressive disorders in adults. Data Sources: MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsychLit, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts from 1980 to April 2007, limited to English-language articles. Reference lists of pertinent review articles were manually searched and the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research database was explored to identify unpublished research. Study Selection: Abstracts and full-text articles were independently reviewed by 2 persons. Six previous good- or fair-quality systematic reviews or meta-analyses were included, as were 155 good- or fair-quality double-blind, placebo-controlled, or head-to-head randomized, controlled trials of at least 6 weeks' duration. For harms, 35 observational studies with at least 100 participants and follow-up of at least 12 weeks were also included. Data Extraction: Using a standard protocol, investigators abstracted data on study design and quality-related details, funding, settings, patients, and outcomes. Data Synthesis: If data were sufficient, meta-analyses of head-to-head trials were conducted to determine the relative benefit of response to treatment and the weighted mean differences on specific depression rating scales. If sufficient evidence was not available, adjusted indirect comparisons were conducted by using meta-regressions and network meta-analyses. Second-generation antidepressants did not substantially differ in efficacy or effectiveness for the treatment of major depressive disorder on the basis of 203 studies; however, the incidence of specific adverse events and the onset of action differed. The evidence is insufficient to draw conclusions about the comparative efficacy, effectiveness, or harms of these agents for the treatment of dysthymia and subsyndromal depression. Limitation: Adjusted indirect comparisons have methodological limitations and cannot conclusively rule out differences in efficacy. Conclusion: Current evidence does not warrant the choice of one second-generation antidepressant over another on the basis of differences in efficacy and effectiveness. Other differences with respect to onset of action and adverse events may be relevant for the choice of a medication. © 2008 American College of Physicians. ER  - 
Randomized, controlled, dose-ranging trial of carisbamate for partial-onset seizures$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of carisbamate (CRS), an investigational drug, as adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures in adults. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter, dose-ranging study was conducted in 12 countries. Patients counted seizures during an 8-week baseline period, and then, if eligible, entered a double-blind phase consisting of a 4-week dose-titration period (target CRS doses: 100, 300, 800, or 1,600 mg/d or placebo in two divided doses) and a 12-week maintenance period. The primary efficacy variable was percent reduction in partial-onset seizure frequency during the double-blind phase compared with pretreatment baseline. Safety data and responder rates were also assessed. Results: Five hundred thirty-seven patients were randomized, and 82% completed the study. In the intent-to-treat population (n = 533), CRS at doses of ≥300 mg/d (p ≤ 0.006) reduced the frequency of partial-onset seizures vs placebo: 6% (placebo) vs 24% (300 mg/d), 21% (800 mg/d), and 29% (1,600 mg/d) for CRS. Adverse events consisted primarily of CNS effects, and led to discontinuation of drug in 8% of the placebo group vs 5% (100 mg/d), 6% (300 mg/d), 12% (800 mg/d), and 19% (1,600 mg/d) of the CRS groups. Conclusions: Carisbamate at doses of 300, 800, and 1,600 mg/d was effective as adjunctive therapy for reducing the frequency of partial-onset seizures. © 2008 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Treatment of bipolar disorder: A systematic review of available data and clinical perspectives$$$ This paper is a systematic review of the available data concerning the treatment of bipolar disorder: a systematic Medline search concerning treatment guidelines and clinical trials. The search for treatment guidelines returned 583 articles and 913 papers for RCTs. The search was last performed on 1 March 2008. An additional search included repositories of clinical trials and previous systematic reviews in order to trace especially older trials. The literature suggests that lithium is useful during the acute manic and the maintenance phase. Both first- and second-generation antipsychotics are efficacious in the treatment of acute mania. Quetiapine and the olanzapine-fluoxetine combination are also effective for treating bipolar depression, while olanzapine, quetiapine and aripiprazole are effective during the maintenance phase. Anticonvulsants, particularly valproate and carbamazepine have antimanic properties, whereas lamotrigine may be preferably effective in the treatment of depression but not mania. Antidepressants should always be used in combination with an antimanic agent because they were reported to induce switching to mania or hypomania, mixed episodes, and rapid cycling when given as monotherapy. The best evidence-based psychosocial interventions for bipolar disorder are group- and family-focused psychoeducation. Electroconvulsive therapy is an option for refractory patients. Although a variety of treatment options for bipolar disorder is currently available, their effectiveness is far from satisfactory, especially against bipolar depression and maintenance. Combination therapy may improve treatment outcome but it also carries the burden of more side-effects. Further research as well as the development of better guidelines and algorithms for step-by-step rational treatment are necessary. Copyright © 2008 CINP. ER  - 
Black cohosh (Cimicifuga racemosa): a systematic review of adverse events$$$ Black cohosh (Cimicifuga racemosa) is used most often to treat symptoms that can occur during menopause. However, in the last years, several concerns regarding its safety have been voiced. The aim of this systematic review was to evaluate the clinical evidence for or against the safety of black cohosh. Systematic literature searches were conducted in 5 computerized databases (Medline, Embase, Amed, Phytobase, and Cochrane Library). The references of all located articles were scanned for further relevant publications. Any type of clinical data that included case reports and observational studies was considered. No language restrictions were imposed. Thirteen clinical trials (all of which indicated relative safety), 3 postmarketing surveillance studies, 4 case series, and 8 single case reports were identified. Clinical studies suggest black cohosh to be safe. In most case reports, causal attribution is problematic. In conclusion, black cohosh has been associated with serious safety concerns that urgently require further investigation. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Paediatric psychopharmacology in schizophrenia$$$ The evidence for the use of antipsychotic medication in the treatment of early-onset schizophrenia (onset at age less than 18 years), based on an increasing number of randomized controlled trials, points to therapeutic efficacy with moderate-to-large effect sizes. Some of the trials, however, were of short duration and a few were industry funded. Medication with both first-generation (FGA) and second-generation (SGA) antipsychotics is also associated with considerable side effects. Nevertheless, cautious use alongside psychosocial interventions can be recommended, provided there is continued, careful monitoring. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Olanzapine: Review of safety 2008$$$ Background: Olanzapine is a second-generation antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar mania and associated agitation. Objective: To assess the safety profile of olanzapine, including its propensity to be associated with weight gain, diabetes mellitus and dyslipidemias. Methods: Review of English-language reports located through PubMed and information available on regulatory agency websites. Results/conclusion: The use of olanzapine can pose a therapeutic dilemma in that on one hand, a number of large scale studies have found effectiveness advantages for olanzapine in comparison to other first-line second-generation medications. On the other hand, olanzapine is associated with substantial weight gain and the development of dyslipidemia. Regarding other important safety concerns, olanzapine has a favorable profile in terms of extra-pyramidal side effects and is also relatively prolactin-sparing. The effectiveness benefits may outweigh the risks, particularly in patients with low baseline risk for metabolic syndrome but monitoring for untoward metabolic effects crucial. Switch-or-stay and other intervention decisions need to be made early before substantial weight gain has occurred. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Long-term seizure control after resection of supratentorial cavernomas: A retrospective single-center study in 53 patients$$$ OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to examine the long-term outcomes of 53 epilepsy patients who were surgically treated for supratentorial cavernomas in a single-center study and to assess both the duration of epilepsy and the resection of the hemosiderin rim for their prognostic relevance during extended follow-up. METHODS: Fifty-three patients underwent microsurgical resection of radiologically diagnosed supratentorial cavernomas. For the outcome analysis, they were divided into 2 groups: Group A (33 patients) with a preoperative duration of epilepsy of less than 2 years, and Group B (20 patients) with a preoperative duration of epilepsy of 2 years or more. The natural history of the cavernomas, localization and size of the lesions, use of antiepileptic drugs, surgery timing, and technique (removal or not of the surrounding gliosis) were evaluated retrospectively. The outcome of epilepsy was based on Engel's classification and the International League Against Epilepsy classification. RESULTS: After a mean follow-up period of 8.1 years, 45 (84.9%) of the 53 patients were free from disabling seizures (Engel Class I), including 37 patients (69.8%) who were completely free of postoperative seizures (Engel Class IA); 43 patients (81.1%) were categorized as International League Against Epilepsy Class 1. Outcome was statistically significantly improved in the patient subgroup of our study in which patients underwent a resection of the surrounding gliosis after a preoperative duration of epilepsy of less than 2 years (Group A). There was no mortality, and only minor postoperative neurological deficits occurred in 7.5% of patients. CONCLUSION: In a long-term follow-up period, 84.9% of the patients in the study could be evaluated as Engel Class I. The analysis of outcome showed that patients benefited significantly from early surgery and excision of the hemosiderin rim. ER  - 
Central vertigo and dizziness: Epidemiology, differential diagnosis, and common causes$$$ Background: Dizziness is a common complaint among patients seen by primary care physicians, neurologists, and otolaryngologists. The most common causes of dizziness are peripheral vestibular disorders, but central nervous system disorders must be excluded. This article provides an overview of the epidemiology of dizziness, differentiating between central and peripheral vertigo, and central causes of dizziness. Review Summary: Dizziness is among the most common complaints in medicine, affecting approximately 20% to 30% of persons in the general population. Dizziness is a general term for a sense of disequilibrium. Vertigo is a subtype of dizziness, defined as an illusion of movement caused by asymmetric involvement of the vestibular system. Central vestibular lesions affecting the pons, medulla, or cerebellum cause vertigo, nausea, vomiting, severe ataxia, multidirectional nystagmus that is not suppressed by optic fixation, and other neurologic signs. The other types of dizziness are dysequilibrium without vertigo, presyncope, and psychophysiologic dizziness, which is often associated with anxiety, depression, and panic disorder. Conclusions: Epidemiologic studies indicate that central causes are responsible for almost one-fourth of the dizziness experience by patients. The patient's history, neurologic examination, and imaging studies are usually the key to differentiation of peripheral and central causes of vertigo. The most common central causes of dizziness and vertigo are cerebrovascular disorders related to the vertebrobasilar circulation, migraine, multiple sclerosis, tumors of the posterior fossa, neurodegenerative disorders, some drugs, and psychiatric disorders. Copyright © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy for Postacute Traumatic Brain Injury: A Literature Review for Guidance in Psychological Practice$$$ Objectives: The purpose of this review is to educate and guide the actions of rehabilitation psychologists by providing a summary of the current literature on pharmacotherapies and treatment effectiveness for the chronic sequelae associated with severe traumatic brain injury (TBI). A number of medications are reviewed for use in treating deficits in arousal, cognition, function, and other problems associated with TBI. Findings for their use in this population are summarized. Cautions, limitations, and directions for future research are discussed. Conclusions: Pharmacological management of chronic symptoms of TBI is commonplace in rehabilitation practice. Clear clinical guidelines for the use of pharmacotherapy in TBI are lacking, however, because of the few conclusive findings regarding the effectiveness of any particular agent. Rehabilitation psychologists frequently encounter patients treated with numerous medications and, therefore, need to be aware of potential effects on cognitive and functional abilities. Additionally, rehabilitation psychologists should be aware of available and empirically supported pharmacotherapies as they are in a position to comprehensively assess the patient and provide requested consultation to the treating physician concerning the patient's need for and likelihood of benefiting from various pharmacological agents. © 2008 American Psychological Association. ER  - 
Clinical correlates of schizotypy in patients with epilepsy$$$ Clinical correlates of schizotypy were evaluated in 89 adult consecutive outpatients with epilepsy, using the Beck Depression Inventory, the State and Trait Anxiety Inventory, and the Schizotypal Personality Questionnaire (SPQ). Age at onset of the epilepsy significantly correlated with the constricted affect subscale of the SPQ, while a diagnosis of temporal lobe epilepsy correlated with the total SPQ score, the cognitive-perceptual factor of the SPQ, and the suspiciousness subscale ofthe SPQ. Schizotypal symptoms correlated with early onset ofthe seizures and a diagnosis of temporal lobe epilepsy, further confirming an association between psychoses and epilepsy. Copyright © 2008 American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc. ER  - 
Polypharmacy with second-generation antipsychotics: A review of evidence$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to review the prevalence of polypharmacy with second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) in clinical practice, pharmacological reasons for such practice, and the evidence for and against such polypharmacy. METHODS: Clinical trial reports, case reports, and reviews were identified by a PubMed literature search from 1966 through October 2006, with retrieved publications queried for additional references. We excluded reports on augmentation with non-antipsychotic medications and polypharmacy involving combinations of SGAs and first-generation (conventional) antipsychotics (FGAs) or combinations of two FGAs. We identified 75 reports concerning SGA polypharmacy, from which we extracted data on study design, sample size, medications, rating scales, outcome, and conclusions. Data from randomized controlled trials and larger case series are presented in detail and case reports are briefly discussed. CONCLUSIONS: Polypharmacy with SGAs is not uncommon, with prevalence varying widely (3.9% to 50%) depending on setting and patient population, despite limited support from blinded, randomized, controlled trials or case reports that employed an A-B-A (monotherapy-combination therapy-monotherapy) design and adequate dosing and duration of treatment. Rather than prohibiting or discouraging co-prescription of SGAs, needs of patients and clinicians should be addressed through evidence-based algorithms. Based on unmet clinical needs and modest evidence from case reports, combinations of two SGAs may merit future investigation in efficacy trials involving patients with schizophrenia who have treatment-resistant illness (including partial response) or who are responsive to treatment but develop intolerable adverse effects. Other areas that may merit future research are efficacy of SGA polypharmacy for schizophrenia accompanied by comorbid conditions (eg, anxiety, suicidal or self-injurious behavior, aggression) and for reducing length of stay in acute care settings. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Cannabis withdrawal is common among treatment-seeking adolescents with cannabis dependence and major depression, and is associated with rapid relapse to dependence$$$ Recently, reports have suggested that cannabis withdrawal occurs commonly in adults with cannabis dependence, though it is unclear whether this extends to those with comorbid depression or to comorbid adolescents. We hypothesized that cannabis withdrawal would be common among our sample of comorbid adolescents and young adults, and that the presence of cannabis withdrawal symptoms would be associated with a self-reported past history of rapid reinstatement of cannabis dependence symptoms (rapid relapse). The participants in this study included 170 adolescents and young adults, including 104 with cannabis dependence, 32 with cannabis abuse, and 34 with cannabis use without dependence or abuse. All of these subjects demonstrated current depressive symptoms and cannabis use, and most demonstrated current DSM-IV major depressive disorder and current comorbid cannabis dependence. These subjects had presented for treatment for either of two double-blind, placebo-controlled trials involving fluoxetine. Cannabis withdrawal was the most commonly reported cannabis dependence criterion among the 104 subjects in our sample with cannabis dependence, being noted in 92% of subjects, using a two-symptom cutoff for determination of cannabis withdrawal. The most common withdrawal symptoms among those with cannabis dependence were craving (82%), irritability (76%), restlessness (58%), anxiety (55%), and depression (52%). Cannabis withdrawal symptoms (in the N = 170 sample) were reported to have been associated with rapid reinstatement of cannabis dependence symptoms (rapid relapse). These findings suggest that cannabis withdrawal should be included as a diagnosis in the upcoming DSM-V, and should be listed in the upcoming criteria list for the DSM-V diagnostic category of cannabis dependence. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Giant olfactory groove meningioma: Ophthalmological and cognitive outcome after bifrontal microsurgical approach$$$ Object: Olfactory groove meningiomas arise in the midline along the dura of the cribriform plate and may reach a large size before producing symptoms. We conducted a retrospective study of patients with these lesions focused on pre- and post-operative investigations for ophthalmological, personality and cognitive disturbances. Methods: The authors reviewed 36 patients with giant olfactory groove meningiomas surgically treated via a bifrontal approach. Ophthalmological evaluation included visual acuity, fundoscopy and visual fields while psychological evaluation included a Mini-Mental State Examination. Data was collected before, 1 and 12 months after surgery. Formal pre- and post-operative ophthalmological examinations discovered visual deficits in 55.5% of the patients. Within the first month after surgery, improvement of visual acuity and of visual field deficits was observed. In post-operative neuropsychological testing, higher mental functions showed improvement. The most frequent post-operative complication was persistent rhinorrhoea in two patients. Conclusions: Results at longest follow up indicate that cognitive changes and visual deficits will improve in patients with giant olfactory groove meningiomas after a bifrontal approach, without additional neurological deficits. © 2008 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Sensitivity of between-study heterogeneity in meta-analysis: Proposed metrics and empirical evaluation$$$ Background: Several approaches are available for evaluating heterogeneity in meta-analysis. Sensitivity analyses are often used, but these are often implemented in various non-standardized ways. Methods: We developed and implemented sequential and combinatorial algorithms that evaluate the change in between-study heterogeneity as one or more studies are excluded from the calculations. The algorithms exclude studies aiming to achieve either the maximum or the minimum final I2 below a desired pre-set threshold. We applied these algorithms in databases of meta-analyses of binary outcome and ≥4 studies from Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (Issue 4, 2005, n = 1011) and meta-analyses of genetic associations (n = 50). Two I2 thresholds were used (50% and 25%). Results: Both algorithms have succeeded in achieving the pre-specified final I2 thresholds. Differences in the number of excluded studies varied from 0% to 6% depending on the database and the heterogeneity threshold, while it was common to exclude different specific studies. Among meta-analyses with initial I2 > 50%, in the large majority [19 (90.5%) and 208 (85.9%) in genetic and Cochrane meta-analyses, respectively] exclusion of one or two studies sufficed to decrease I2 < 50%. Similarly, among meta-analyses with initial I2 > 25%, in most cases [16 (57.1%) and 382 (81.3%), respectively) exclusion of one or two studies sufficed to decrease heterogeneity even <25%. The number of excluded studies correlated modestly with initial estimated I2 (correlation coefficients 0.52-0.68 depending on algorithm used). Conclusions: The proposed algorithms can be routinely applied in meta-analyses as standardized sensitivity analyses for heterogeneity. Caution is needed evaluating post hoc which specific studies are responsible for the heterogeneity. © The Author 2008; all rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis in Tomsk, Russia: a retrospective cohort study$$$ Background: Mycobacterium tuberculosis strains that cause untreatable drug-resistant disease are a threat worldwide. We describe the treatment, management, and outcomes of patients with extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis in Tomsk, Russia. Methods: We undertook a retrospective cohort study of 608 patients with multidrug resistant tuberculosis who had treatment in civilian or prison services, between Sept 10, 2000, and Nov 1, 2004, according to the treatment strategy recommended by WHO. Clinical characteristics, management practices, and treatment outcomes of patients with extensively drug-resistant (XDR) tuberculosis and non-extensively drug-resistant (non-XDR) tuberculosis are described. The main outcome was the frequency of poor and favourable outcomes at the end of treatment. Findings: Of 608 patients with multidrug resistant tuberculosis, 29 (4·8%) patients had baseline XDR tuberculosis. Treatment failure was more common in patients with XDR tuberculosis than in those with non-XDR tuberculosis (31% vs 8·5%, p=0·0008). 48·3% of patients with XDR tuberculosis and 66·7% of patients with non-XDR tuberculosis had treatment cure or completion (p=0·04). The frequency and management of adverse events did not differ between patients with XDR and non-XDR tuberculosis. Interpretation: The chronic features of tuberculosis in these patients suggest that extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis may be acquired through previous treatments that include second-line drugs. Aggressive management of this infectious disease is feasible and can prevent high mortality rates and further transmission of drug-resistant strains of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Funding: Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Eli Lilly Foundation, The Open Society Institute, Frank Hatch Fellowships in Global Health Equity at the Brigham & Women's Hospital, Infectious Disease Society of America, the Heiser Foundation, the United States National Institutes of Health, and the John D and Catherine T MacArthur Foundation. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Phase II study of vicriviroc versus efavirenz (both with zidovudine/lamivudine) in treatment-naive subjects with HIV-1 infection$$$ Background. Vicriviroc (VCV) is a CCR5 antagonist with nanomolar activity against human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) replication in vitro and in vivo. We report the results of a phase II dose-finding study of VCV plus dual nucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors (NRTIs) in the treatment-naive HIV-1-infected subjects. Methods. This study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial that began with a 14-day comparison of 3 dosages of VCV with placebo in treatment-naive subjects infected with CCR5-using HIV-1. After 14 days of monotherapy, lamivudine/zidovudine was added to the VCV arms; subjects receiving placebo were treated with efavirenz and lamivudine/zidovudine; the planned treatment duration was 48 weeks. Results. Ninety-two subjects enrolled. After 14 days of once-daily monotherapy, the mean viral loads decreased from baseline values by 0.07 log10 copies/mL in the placebo arm, 0.93 log 10 copies/mL in the VCV 25 mg arm, 1.18 log10 copies/mL in the VCV 50 mg arm, and 1.34 log10 copies/mL in the VCV 75 mg arm (P < .001 for each VCV arm vs. the placebo arm). The combination-therapy portion of the study was stopped because of increased rates of virologic failure in the VCV 25 mg/day arm (relative hazard [RH], 21.6; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.8 -168.9) and the VCV 50 mg/day arm (RH, 11.7; 95% CI, 1.5-92.9), compared with that in the control arm. Conclusions. VCV administered with dual NRTIs in treatment-naive subjects with HIV-1 infection had increased rates of virologic failure, compared with efavirenz plus dual NRTIs. No treatment-limiting toxicity was observed. Study of higher doses of VCV as part of combination therapy is warranted. © 2008 by the Infectious Diseases Society of America. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Burden of neuroinfectious diseases on the neurology service in a tertiary care center$$$ BACKGROUND: Neurologic infections have the potential to cause death and suffering. These disorders often go unrecognized or are misdiagnosed. There has yet not been a census of neurologic infections conducted in a hospital setting. We aimed to determine the burden of neurologic infections on the neurology service in a tertiary care center and identify challenges in the diagnosis and treatment of these infections. METHODS: We reviewed retrospectively all inpatients diagnosed with any neuroinfectious disease evaluated at Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions between October 2004 and December 2005. We recorded information on hospital admission, clinical features, microbiologic analysis, neuroimaging, EEG, pathology, treatment, and outcome. RESULTS: A total of 116 of 4,225 patients admitted to or consulted on by the neurology service were identified. Eighty percent of patients were aged between 18 and 65 years. Fifty-two patients were immunocompromised, of which 28 patients had HIV infection. Overall, 86 microbiologic agents were identified in 80 patients. The commonest causes were viral, followed by bacterial and fungal infections. However, 31% of patients remained without an identifiable microbiologic etiology. Hospitalization periods were long, with 43% of patients staying beyond 2 weeks. There was significant morbidity: 28% of patients required rehabilitation or long-term care, and 12% died. CONCLUSIONS: Neurologic infections have a major socioeconomic impact because they result in prolonged hospitalizations, expensive diagnostic tests and treatments, and long-term debilitation or death in young patients. Though potentially curable conditions, the burden of undiagnosed infections remains high. © 2008 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Treatment of Inattention, Overactivity, and Impulsiveness in Autism Spectrum Disorders$$$ We reviewed the recent literature on medicines used to manage inattention, impulsiveness, and overactivity in children with pervasive developmental disorders (autistic disorder, pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified, Asperger's disorder) using computer searches of pharmacologic studies. A substantial number of reports were identified and summarized. The literature tends to be dominated by uncontrolled studies, although the number of controlled trials is growing. Findings are described for psychostimulants, noradrenergic reuptake inhibitors, antipsychotics, alpha adrenergic agonists, antidepressants, anxiolytics, cholinesterase inhibitors, N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor blockers, and antiepileptic mood stabilizers. Evidence for a positive effect is strongest for psychostimulants, noradrenergic reuptake inhibitors, antipsychotics, and alpha adrenergic agonists. Evidence for efficacy seems weakest for newer antidepressants, anxiolytics, and mood stabilizers. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comparative risk for harms of second-generation antidepressants: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Evidence indicates that only minor differences in efficacy exist among second-generation antidepressants for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). However, a comprehensive assessment of both benefits and harms is crucial to evaluate the net benefit. Objective: To review systematically the comparative harms of second-generation antidepressants for the treatment of MDD in adults by including both experimental and observational evidence. Data sources: We searched MEDLINE®, EMBASE, PsychLit, The Cochrane Library and the International Pharmaceutical Abstracts from 1980 to April 2007. We manually searched reference lists of pertinent review articles and explored the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research database to identify unpublished research. Study selection: Eligible study designs were trials and observational studies comparing one drug of interest with another. Data extraction: Two persons independently reviewed abstracts and full-text articles. One investigator extracted relevant data. A senior reviewer checked data for completeness and accuracy. Data synthesis: We included 104 experimental and observational studies. If data were sufficient, we conducted meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials on the relative risk of specific adverse events. Findings indicate that the spectrum of adverse events is similar. The frequency of specific adverse events, however, differed across drugs. Venlafaxine was associated with a significantly higher rate of nausea and vomiting than selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Compared with other drugs, paroxetine frequently led to more sexual adverse effects and bupropion to fewer such effects; mirtazapine and paroxetine was associated with more weight gain and sertraline with a higher rate of diarrhoea. Overall, however, these differences did not lead to different discontinuation rates. The evidence is insufficient to draw conclusions about rare but severe adverse events. Conclusions: Adverse event profiles are similar among second-generation antidepressants. However, different frequencies of specific adverse events might be clinically relevant and influence the choice of a treatment. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Topiramate for alcohol dependence$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the evidence for the use of topiramate for alcohol dependence. DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE (1966-June 2008) and Cochrane Database (2008, Issue 1) searches were conducted using the search terms alcohol dependence and topiramate. Bibliographies of selected articles were examined for additional data sources. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: English-language, randomized, controlled trials evaluating topiramate for treatment of alcohol dependence in humans were selected for review. Three randomized controlled trials and 2 reanalyses were identified. Findings pertaining to efficacy and safety were extracted. DATA SYNTHESIS: Evidence suggests that topiramate antagonizes excitatory glutamate receptors, inhibits dopamine release, and enhances inhibitory γ-aminobutyric acid function. These mechanisms may be significant in the treatment of alcohol dependence. Controlled trials have described the use of topiramate, titrated up to 300 mg daily, for alcohol dependence, and have reported decreases in drinking behavior and improvements in quality of life. Adverse effects associated with topiramate included abnormal skin sensation, dizziness, taste perversion, anorexia, pruritus, and difficulty with memory and concentration. In one of the reviewed trials, adverse effects did not account for an increased withdrawal rate. However, in another, when topiramate was titrated over a shortened time period, an increased withdrawal rate was seen. Recently, topiramate has been reported to increase suicide risk, primarily in patients with epilepsy. No cases of suicide were recorded in the alcohol dependence trials. CONCLUSIONS: Results of published trials are promising, showing efficacy for drinking outcomes and quality of life as well as general safety. However, additional larger, longer-term trials are needed to establish the optimal patient type that would benefit most from topiramate treatment in addition to dosing, duration of treatment, and tolerability of topiramate for alcohol dependence. At this time, data are insufficient to support using topiramate in conjunction with brief weekly compliance counseling as a first-line agent for alcohol dependence. ER  - 
Extensively Drug-resistant Tuberculosis$$$ Extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) is defined as Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection that is resistant to isoniazid, rifampin, any fluoroquinolone, and any injectable drug (amynoglicosides or polypetides). Although initially described in South Africa, it has emerged as a global threat, and cases have been reported from several countries, including the United States. XDR-TB has emerged mainly as a consequence of previous inadequate or poorly administered treatment, from failure of the public health infrastructure. As the diagnosis of this condition requires antibiotic susceptibility confirmation, a broad network of reference laboratories and the development of faster and more accurate tests for the identification of active cases of tuberculosis are urgently required. The treatment of XDR-TB is challenging and requires the use of multiple second-line drugs and, potentially, surgery. Infection control measures do not differ from those used for susceptible cases but may require more stringent application. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Discontinuing medications: A novel approach for revising the prescribing stage of the medication-use process$$$ Thousands of Americans are injured or die each year from adverse drug reactions, many of which are preventable. The burden of harm conveyed by the use of medications is a significant public health problem, and therefore, improving the medication-use process is a priority. Recent and ongoing efforts to improve the medication-use process have focused primarily on improving medication prescribing, and not much emphasis has been put on improving medication discontinuation. A formalized approach for rationally discontinuing medications is a necessary antecedent to improving medication safety and improving the nation's quality of care. This article proposes a conceptual framework for revising the prescribing stage of the medication-use process to include discontinuing medications. This framework has substantial practice and research implications, especially for the clinical care of older persons, who are particularly susceptible to the adverse effects of medications. © 2008, Copyright the Authors. ER  - 
Substance Abuse and Withdrawal in the Critical Care Setting$$$ Substance use is common among individuals admitted to the critical care setting and may complicate treatment of underlying disorders. It is imperative for the critical care team to have a high index of suspicion for substance intoxication and withdrawal. This article reviews the epidemiology of substance use in this population and the treatment of common withdrawal syndromes. General principles regarding the management of substance withdrawal syndromes include general resuscitative measures, use of a symptom-triggered approach, and substitution of a long-acting replacement for the abused drug in gradual tapering dose. The authors stress the importance of long-term planning as part of the overall treatment protocol beyond the acute presentation. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A 60-year-old woman with mild memory impairment: Review of mild cognitive impairment$$$ Many older individuals experience or demonstrate cognitive impairment that is significantly abnormal for their age and education yet beneath the threshold for a diagnosis of dementia. This mild cognitive impairment causes minimal functional impairment and is often overlooked in clinical settings, yet affected individuals are at heightened risk for a range of adverse outcomes including conversion to dementia. The case of Ms E, a 60-year-old woman with mild memory impairment and white matter lesions on magnetic resonance imaging, provides an opportunity to consider the questions that face patient, family, and clinicians when mild cognitive symptoms prompt a search for diagnosis and management options. Discussion of her case reviews mild cognitive impairment with emphasis on an evidence-based approach to evaluation and treatment, including management of comorbid medical conditions, lifestyle changes, and pharmacotherapy. ©2008 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder: management in primary care$$$ Purpose of review: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a severe neuropsychiatric condition with a substantial prevalence in childhood and adolescence. Our understanding of the etiopathogenesis of pediatric OCD continues to grow, along with diagnostic and treatment approaches. The present study attempts to provide a parsimonious review of important studies of pediatric OCD with particular emphasis on studies over the last year. Recent findings: Consistent with many other pediatric conditions, OCD in childhood and adolescence has distinct yet overlapping features with the adult-onset type. It appears that OCD is a multidimensional disorder with substantial comorbidity with other neuropsychiatric disorders that may affect its course and treatment. Although its pathophysiology remains to be fully elucidated, evidence suggests that OCD likely results from a complex interaction between multiple genetic variants and nongenetic factors. Meanwhile, evidence supporting the efficacy of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, augmentation strategies affecting other neurotransmitter systems, and cognitive behavioral therapy for the treatment of pediatric OCD continues to emerge. Summary: Results from the studies reviewed here reflect the heterogeneity of pediatric OCD. It is clear that clinicians need to consider specific symptoms, comorbid conditions, and the rapidly evolving clinical research when working with children and adolescents with OCD. © 2008 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Central nervous system involvement in adult acute lymphoblastic leukemia$$$ Central nervous system (CNS) involvement is identified at the time of diagnosis in less than 10% of adult acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). These patients can attain long-term disease-free survival. CNS disease at presentation does not appear to be an independent poor prognostic factor. Because of the difficulty in treating CNS leukemia, innovative treatments and alternative delivery techniques are needed. The outcome in such patients is a reflection of an aggressive systemic and CNS-directed therapy. However, CNS toxicity represents the dose-limiting side effect of treatment. With effective CNS prophylaxis including intrathecal chemotherapy, high-dose systemic administration of certain agents and cranial irradiation, most adults with ALL without CNS disease at diagnosis may remain free of CNS leukemia. Leukemic relapse remains a major therapeutic problem and CNS involvement at the time of relapse occurs in 1-15% of cases. Adult ALL with CNS recurrence remains of poor prognosis and is generally associated with a systemic relapse. © W. S. Maney & Son Ltd 2008. ER  - 
Quantification and classification of errors associated with hand-repackaging of medications in long-term care facilities in Germany$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to quantify and classify errors associated with the repackaging of residents' medications in long-term care facilities in Germany. Methods: This was a prospective 8-week study conducted in 3 long-term care facilities. Pill organizers, each of which contained all repackaged solid oral dosage forms of long-term medications for a particular resident for an entire day, were inspected and checked against residents' medication sheets by the investigator-pharmacist. On agreement between the pharmacist and the registered nurse responsible for residents' medications, all errors were rectified before medications were administered. The primary study measure was the overall rate of incorrectly repackaged medications relative to all repackaged medications. Secondary measures were the proportion of all pill organizers with medication errors and the proportion of residents who would have been affected by these errors. Errors were categorized by type as follows: wrong time of administration, wrong dose, wrong medication, omission of a medication, extra dose, incorrect halving of tablets, and damaged medication. Results: One hundred ninety-six residents were included in the study, representing 8798 daily pill organizers and 48,512 inspected medications. Residents received a mean of 5.4 solid oral dosage forms of long-term medications per day. Six hundred forty-five errors were detected, for an error rate of 1.3%; the errors involved 7.3% of daily pill organizers and 53.0% of residents. The largest proportion of errors involved incorrect halving of tablets (49.1%), followed by omission of a medication (22.0%), extra dose (9.8%), wrong time of administration (8.4%), damaged medication (6.4%), wrong dose (4.2%), and wrong medication (0.2%). These results may underestimate true rates of repackaging errors across long-term care facilities in Germany, as the conditions in the 3 facilities in this study were near-optimal in terms of the environment, process, and quality of repackaging. Conclusions: Among 48,512 medications inspected over 8 weeks in 3 German long-term care facilities, the rate of repackaging errors was 1.3%, involving 7.3% of daily pill organizers and the medications of 53.00% of residents. The largest proportion of errors involved incorrect halving of tablets. © 2008 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pulse steroid therapy$$$ Intravenous supra-pharmacological doses of corticosteroids are used in various inflammatory and autoimmune conditions because they are cumulatively less toxic than sustained steroid treatment at lower quantitative dosage. Their action is supposed to be mediated through non-genomic actions within the cell. Common indications for use in children include steroid resistant and steroid dependent nephrotic syndrome, rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis, systemic vasculitis, systemic lupus erythematosus, acute renal allograft rejection, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile dermatomyositis, pemphigus, optic neuritis, multiple sclerosis and acute disseminated encephalomyelitis. Methylprednisolone and dexamethasone show similar efficacy in most conditions. Therapy is associated with significant side effects including worsening of hypertension, infections, dyselectrolytemia and behavioral effects. Adequate monitoring is essential during usage. © 2008 Dr. K C Chaudhuri Foundation. ER  - 
The use of lamotrigine for seizures and psychiatric disorder and its effects on challenging behavior$$$ This is a retrospective chart review of a group of adults with developmental disabilities and seizures, and/or psychiatric and behavioral disorders treated with lamotrigine. All patients were residents of a large facility. Each was treated with the anticonvulsant lamotrigine during a specific nine month period, either for psychiatric disorder or seizures. Challenging behavior and side-effects were studied comparing pretreatment and posttreatment data. We identified 31 patients who had been treated with lamotrigine and of those, 22 showed an improvement in challenging behavior, seven showed no change, and five had side-effects that led to discontinuation in two patients. The results suggest that lamotrigine is a well-tolerated anticonvulsant and that it has other therapeutic effects on challenging behaviors. ER  - 
Behavioral problems of epileptic children at Queen Sirikit National Institute of Child Health.$$$ BACKGROUND: Neurological diseases and psychiatric problems were cloudily related. Many patients with epilepsy had associated problems such as Learning disorders (LD) or Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Evaluation and treatments of these behavioral and learning problems should be, therefore, included in management of patients with epilepsy in order to improve their quality of life. OBJECTIVE: To study behavioral, learning problems that indicate ADHD in epileptic children. MATERIAL AND METHOD: These was cross sectional study in 100 epileptic children, age 6- 11-years-old who visited Neurological Clinic at Queen Sirikit National Institute of Child Health. The patients were assessed with Thai Youth Checklist (TYC), IOWA screening test for ADHD and questionnaires concerning learning area. The data was analyzed in Chi-square, using SPSS program. RESULTS: The prevalence of behavioral problems in epileptic children was 57 percent. The prevalence of moderate to severe ones which should be treated and related to complex partial seizure was 32 percent. The prevalence of learning problems was 23 percent. Most were found in higher classes. The prevalence of behaviors that indicate ADHD was 23 percent from TYC and 58 percent from IOWA screening test for ADHD. There was relationship of behaviors that indicate ADHD and the severity of epilepsy. The prevalence of delinquent behavior was 24 percent and social problems were 32 percent respectively. Correlation of behavioral problems and social skills (p = 0.027), good manner toward parents (p = 0.015) and helping house chores (p = 0.016) were significantly different. However there was no significantly different between behavioral problems and age of onset as well as duration of epileptic symptom, frequency of seizures in the past 6 months, EEG results and combination of medication. CONCLUSION: The epileptic children had high risks of behavioral and learning problems; they may be prevented by intensive evaluation, proper interventions, adequate counseling, proper medication, parental training and proper rehabilitation. ER  - 
Psychological treatment of patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: An outcome study$$$ Introduction: It is estimated that up to 25% of patients referred to specialised epilepsy centers suffer from psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES). The prognosis is unfavourable and there are no generally accepted treatment protocols. Method: In this study, the effect of an uncontrolled, prospective inpatient treatment program for PNES patients is evaluated. The treatment is multidisciplinary and based on cognitive behavioural principles. Seizure control, general psychopathology, anxiety, depression, coping, dissociation and health related quality of life are evaluated. Twenty-two patients participated in the study of which 16 patients were followed 6 months after treatment. Results: After follow-up, 81% of patients had a seizure reduction of over 50%, and half of them became seizure-free. Measures of anxiety, depression and dissociation tended to normalize, coping was more adequate and health related quality of life was increased slightly. In the period between the end of treatment and follow-up the most positive effects are maintained and even strengthened. Patients who became seizure-free at follow-up improved more on the psychological outcome measures than patients with continuing seizures. Conclusion: The outcome suggests effectiveness of the treatment. PNES patients may profit from a comprehensive, multidisciplinary treatment program following cognitive behavioural principles. Seizure cessation appears to be an important factor in the improvement of psychological functioning. © 2008 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Pyridoxine supplementation for the treatment of levetiracetam-induced behavior side effects in children: Preliminary results$$$ Behavioral side effects related to the use of levetiracetam (LEV) in epilepsy are increasingly being recognized. Patients followed in our center have reported improvement of these side effects after starting pyridoxine (vitamin B6) supplements. Using mailed questionnaires, retrospective chart reviews, and phone call follow-ups, we analyzed 42 pediatric patients who had been treated with LEV and pyridoxine. Twenty-two patients started pyridoxine after being on LEV, and significant behavioral improvement was observed in nine (41%), no effect in eight (36%), deterioration in four (18%), and an uncertain effect in one. The effects of pyridoxine supplementation were observed during the first week. The remaining patients (20) were already on pyridoxine before LEV was started, started pyridoxine and LEV at the same time, or took pyridoxine intermittently. Pyridoxine is an easily available, inexpensive, and safe therapeutic option. Given these preliminary results, we plan to conduct a placebo-controlled cross-over study to better characterize these observations. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Strategies for dosing and switching antipsychotics for optimal clinical management$$$ Optimal clinical management of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder can be achieved through careful antipsychotic dosing and, if necessary, switching to another well-chosen antipsychotic using suitable switching strategies. For severely ill patients treated in clinical practice, adequate dosing may not result from following the relatively low dosing levels and abrupt titration schedules typically used in clinical registration trials. Data from recent effectiveness trials, naturalistic studies, and the Roadmap Expert Consensus Survey provide evidence of specific dose levels and titration schedules for antipsychotic agents that may be appropriate in clinical practice. Discontinuation and frequent switching of medication are common among patients treated with antipsychotics, but data suggest that an adequate trial of the first antipsychotic medication should be undertaken before switching to another antipsychotic medication. Making a decision to switch from a typical to an atypical antipsychotic or between atypical antipsychotics should involve consideration of variables relating to the patient, illness, medication, and the patient's environment. Switching can improve efficacy and tolerability but may also result in predictable side effects or withdrawal symptoms, including weight gain and metabolic effects as well as effects associated with prolactin changes. Many side effects that occur during switching are attributable to receptor profiles and antimuscarinic or antihistaminic blockade. Individualized switching strategies that include careful choice of medication, dose, and titration and tapering schedules; management of symptoms; and patient psychoeducation can reduce or treat side effects, increasing the likelihood of a successful switch and greater adherence and efficacy. © Copyright 2008 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Tobacco smoking cessation management: Integrating varenicline in current practice$$$ Tobacco smoking is widespread and is one of the world's most prevalent modifiable risk factors for morbidity and mortality. It is important to facilitate smoking cessation better in order to reduce the health consequences of tobacco use. The most effective approach assisting smokers in their quit attempts combines both pharmacotherapy and nonpharmacological interventions. This review summarizes the latest international epidemiological data available on tobacco use, considers the associated effects on health, and reviews existing policies against tobacco use. Among the interventions for smoking cessation, the three major pharmacotherapies (which have demonstrated efficacy when combined with behavioral support) are discussed: nicotine replacement therapy (NRT), bupropion, and varenicline. As the newest pharmacotherapy made available in this area, particular consideration is given to varenicline, and a review of our clinical experience is offered. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy for smoking cessation$$$ Tobacco dependence is a chronic relapsing disease that needs continuous treatment. In combination with behavioural support, pharmacotherapy is a proven key component for supporting smoking cessation. Effective drugs are available and recommended: nicotine replacement therapy (NRT), bupropion and varenicline. Much research into new pharmacological approaches is ongoing, combining 'old' and 'new' drugs and personalizing a pharmacological treatment for a single smoker/patient; other new medications and vaccines are in development. Overall, pharmacotherapy seems to have efficacy and cost-effectiveness in real life, thus physicians should become familiar with these medicines. Further efforts should be aimed at optimizing treatment management and increasing smoking cessation rates in the general population. © SAGE Publications 2008. ER  - 
Off-label psychopharmacologic prescribing for children: History supports close clinical monitoring$$$ The review presents pediatric adverse drug events from a historical perspective and focuses on selected safety issues associated with off-label use of medications for the psychiatric treatment of youth. Clinical monitoring procedures for major psychotropic drug classes are reviewed. Prior studies suggest that systematic treatment monitoring is warranted so as to both minimize risk of unexpected adverse events and exposures to ineffective treatments. Clinical trials to establish the efficacy and safety of drugs currently being used off-label in the pediatric population are needed. In the meantime, clinicians should consider the existing evidence-base for these drugs and institute close clinical monitoring. © 2008 Zito et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Subcallosal Cingulate Gyrus Deep Brain Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Background: A preliminary report in six patients suggested that deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the subcallosal cingulate gyrus (SCG) may provide benefit in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). We now report the results of these and an additional 14 patients with extended follow-up. Methods: Twenty patients with TRD underwent serial assessments before and after SCG DBS. We determined the percentage of patients who achieved a response (50% or greater reduction in the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression [HRSD-17]) or remission (scores of 7 or less) after surgery. We also examined changes in brain metabolism associated with DBS, using positron emission tomography. Results: There were both early and progressive benefits to DBS. One month after surgery, 35% of patients met criteria for response with 10% of patients in remission. Six months after surgery, 60% of patients were responders and 35% met criteria for remission, benefits that were largely maintained at 12 months. Deep brain stimulation therapy was associated with specific changes in the metabolic activity localized to cortical and limbic circuits implicated in the pathogenesis of depression. The number of serious adverse effects was small with no patient experiencing permanent deficits. Conclusions: This study suggests that DBS is relatively safe and provides significant improvement in patients with TRD. Subcallosal cingulate gyrus DBS likely acts by modulating brain networks whose dysfunction leads to depression. The procedure is well tolerated and benefits are sustained for at least 1 year. A careful double-blind appraisal is required before the procedure can be recommended for use on a wider scale. © 2008 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
Co-occurring depressive symptoms in the older patient with schizophrenia$$$ Clinicians treating older patients with schizophrenia are often challenged by patients presenting with both depressive and psychotic features. The presence of co-morbid depression impacts negatively on quality of life, functioning, overall psychopathology and the severity of co-morbid medical conditions. Depressive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia include major depressive episodes (MDEs) that do not meet criteria for schizoaffective disorder, MDEs that occur in the context of schizoaffective disorder and subthreshold depressive symptoms that do not meet criteria for MDE. Pharmacological treatment of patients with schizophrenia and depression involves augmenting antipsychotic medications with antidepressants. Recent surveys suggest that clinicians prescribe antidepressants to 30% of inpatients and 43% of outpatients with schizophrenia and depression at all ages. Recent trials addressing the efficacy of this practice have evaluated selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) such as fluoxetine, sertraline, fluvoxamine and citalopram. These trials have included only a small number of subjects and few older subjects participated; furthermore, the efficacy results have been mixed. Although no published controlled psychotherapeutic studies have specifically targeted major depression or depressive symptoms in older patients with schizophrenia, psychosocial interventions likely play a role in any comprehensive management plan in this population of patients. Our recommendations for treating the older patient with schizophrenia and major depression involve a stepwise approach. First, a careful diagnostic assessment to rule out medical or medication causes is important as well as checking whether patients are adherent to treatments. Clinicians should also consider switching patients to an atypical antipsychotic if they are not taking one already. In addition, dose optimization needs to be targeted towards depressive as well as positive and negative psychotic symptoms. If major depression persists, adding an SSRI is a reasonable next step; one needs to start with a low dose and then cautiously titrate upward to reduce depressive symptoms. If remission is not achieved after an adequate treatment duration (8-12 weeks) or with an adequate dose (similar to that used for major depression without schizophrenia), switching to another agent or adding augmenting therapy is recommended. We recommend treating an acute first episode of depression for at least 6-9 months and consideration of longer treatment for patients with residual symptoms, very severe or highly co-morbid major depression, ongoing episodes or recurrent episodes. Psychosocial interventions aimed at improving adherence, quality of life and function are also recommended. For patients with schizophrenia and subsyndromal depression, a similar approach is recommended. Psychosis accompanying major depression in patients without schizophrenia is common in elderly patients and is considered a primary mood disorder; for these reasons, it is an important syndrome to consider in the differential diagnosis of older patients with mood and thought disturbance. Treatment for this condition has involved electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) as well as combinations of antidepressant and antipsychotic medications. Recent evidence suggests that combination treatment may not be any more effective than antidepressant treatment alone and ECT may be more efficacious overall. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The clinical use of plasma clozapine levels in a maximum security setting$$$ Background. Research suggests a correlation between clozapine dose, plasma level and therapeutic response. Plasma clozapine levels may, therefore, be useful in practice. Little evidence exists, however, on the indications for, and outcome of, levels being undertaken or their use in maximum security settings. Objective. To determine if plasma clozapine levels are useful in clinical practice by analysing their use at the maximum-security State Hospital, Carstairs. Methods. All plasma clozapine levels (until March 2004) undertaken at the State Hospital, clinical indication and outcome were analysed by retrospective case note analysis. These results were compared with the published literature. Results. A total of 140 plasma clozapine levels were analysed. The average level was 0.61 mg/l and dose was 622.9 mg/day. The indications for and consequences of levels are demonstrated. A positive correlation of 0.217 was calculated. Conclusion. This paper shows that plasma clozapine levels are most useful in managing side effects and suspected non-compliance. Plasma clozapine levels are, therefore, useful in clinical practice. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Transdermal patch medication delivery systems and pediatric poisonings, 2002-2006$$$ Transdermal drug delivery systems are an increasingly popular method of medication delivery containing large quantities of medication and presenting new opportunities for toxicity. To provide a description of exposures to transdermal medications in a pediatric population, we studied exposures in individuals less than 12 years of age. This is a retrospective database study in which the Texas Poison Center Network database from 2002 to 2006 was reviewed. In all, 336 poison control center records of patch exposures over the 5-year period were identified. Of those, 110 cases involved children less than 12 years old. A majority of cases resulted in no significant clinical effects. One death resulted from opioid toxicity. Although a majority of patch exposures in children less than 12 years of age resulted in no significant clinical toxicity, practitioners and the public must be made aware of the available patch-based medications and their potential for toxicity in children. © 2008 Sage Publications. ER  - 
Delirium issues in palliative care settings$$$ Objective: The objective of this study is to provide an expert review of delirium in the context of palliative care. Methods: Based on a primary selection criterion, firstly, studies were included for review if the population studied either had a diagnosis of advanced cancer or was receiving palliative care; alternatively, in the absence of data derived from these populations, studies conducted in other populations were included. Secondly, from the studies meeting the primary selection criterion, we selected those that examined specific standard outcome measures. Thirdly, we selected studies and literature reviews that identified delirium research issues. Results: Delirium occurs commonly in the context of palliative care where it is likely to cause heightened distress for patients, carers, and families alike, and make interpretation of pain and other symptoms extremely difficult. There is a profound dearth of rigorous studies on delirium in this setting. Ambiguous terminology, varying definitions in internationally recognized classification systems, and failure to use validated assessment tools lead to wide-ranging incidence and prevalence of delirium episodes in such populations. Episodes are usually multifactorial in origin and may portend poor prognosis by preceding death in many cases. Despite this, many are often at least partially reversible with relatively low-burden interventions. The patient's disease status, previous quality of life, and prior expressed wishes regarding goals of care should all be taken into account. Antipsychotics are the pharmacotherapeutic agents most commonly used to control symptoms despite limited evidence either supporting their efficacy or examining their adverse event profile. Often, symptomatic control alone is indicated. In cases with refractory symptoms, deeper or "palliative" sedation may be required. Conclusion: Further research is needed regarding delirium recognition, phenomenology, the development of low-burden instruments for assessment, family education, predictive models for reversibility, and evidence-based guidelines on the appropriate use of palliative sedation. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Epilepsy outcomes in elderly treated with topiramate$$$ Objectives - To explore effectiveness, tolerability and quality of life in elderly patients with epilepsy treated with topiramate. Methods - One year, open-label, flexible-dosing clinical trial. Results - One hundred and seven patients (mean age 69 years, 53% men) were studied during 273 ± 141 days. The average final dose in monotherapy was 98 mg/day vs 153 mg/day in adjunctive treatment. Mean monthly cumulative seizure frequency decreased from 3.7 ± 15 to 1.6 ± 7.7 (n = 101, P < 0.0001), 78% of patients with seizures at baseline (n = 102) achieved at least 50% reduction in seizure frequency, 44% were seizure-free throughout the trial. Total scores on the quality of life in epilepsy inventory (QOLIE-31) improved from 57 ± 17 to 68 ± 18 (n = 64, P < 0.0001). The most frequently reported adverse events included convulsions, dizziness and tiredness. Conclusions - Elderly patients treated with topiramate showed marked reductions in seizures, good tolerability and significant improvements in several aspects of quality of life. Copyright © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Therapy of uncomplicated malaria in children: A review of treatment principles, essential drugs and current recommendations$$$ Understanding the optimal treatment of uncomplicated malaria in children is challenging because of the availability of new drugs and the shift to combination therapies. This is a review of the guiding principles for the treatment of uncomplicated malaria, the essential anti-malarial drugs for children, and the treatment regimens currently recommended. © 2008 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
mGluR5 antagonists: Discovery, characterization and drug development$$$ Disturbances of glutamate-mediated neurotransmission have been implicated in a broad range of nervous system disorders. Numerous attempts to correct nervous system dysfunction by pharmacological intervention at glutamate receptors have been made, and some of the approaches have achieved a high level of preclinical validation. However, in a number of cases involving agents acting as blockers of the ionotropic glutamate receptors, clinical success could not be achieved, mostly because of the lack of a therapeutic window. The identification of the metabotropic glutamate receptor (mGluR) family and their modulatory role in the control of neurotransmission provided a new means to alter glutamatergic transmission. Furthermore, selective agents acting as allosteric antagonists at the mGluR5 subtype have demonstrated therapeutic potential. The identification and characterization of mGluR5 antagonists and recent progress in clinical development are summarized. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Emerging roles for neurosteroids in sexual behavior and function$$$ Although gonadal and adrenal steroids heavily impact sexual function at the level of the brain, the nervous system also produces its own steroids de novo that may regulate sexual behavior and reproduction. Current evidence points to important roles for neurosteroids in sexual and gender-typical behaviors control of ovulation, and behaviors that strongly influence sexual interest and motivation like aggression, anxiety and depression. At the cellular level, neurosteroids act through stimulating rapid changes in excitability and direct activation of membrane receptors in neurons. Thus, unlike peripheral steroids, neurosteroids can have immediate and specific effects on select neuronal pathways to regulate sexual function. Copyright © American Society of Andrology. ER  - 
Dietary Supplements Commonly Used for Prevention$$$ The use of complimentary and alternative medicine is on the rise. This article reviews some of the commonly used herbal supplements and others focusing mainly on disease prevention. A summary table of medical conditions is provided, and when possible, a summary of efficacy and safety is provided to facilitate decision making. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Sleep Disorders: Causes, Effects, and Solutions$$$ Until recently, sleep has been a mystery even to scientists. Research has defined sleep function and the effects of sleep deprivation. Sleep disorders are interrelated with medical and psychiatric illnesses. This article presents insomnia, jet lag, and shift work sleep disorders and reviews issues related to women's health and sleep. Pharmacologic and behavioral treatments for sleep conditions are explored. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cannabidiol: From an inactive cannabinoid to a drug with wide spectrum of action$$$ Objective: The aim of this review is to describe the historical development of research on cannabidiol. Method: This review was carried out on reports drawn from Medline, Web of Science and SciELO. Discussion: After the elucidation of the chemical structure of cannabidiol in 1963, the initial studies showed that cannabidiol was unable to mimic the effects of Cannabis. In the 1970's the number of publications on cannabidiol reached a first peak, having the research focused mainly on the interaction with delta9-THC and its antiepileptic and sedative effects. The following two decades showed lower degree of interest, and the potential therapeutic properties of cannabidiol investigated were mainly the anxiolytic, antipsychotic and on motor diseases effects. The last five years have shown a remarkable increase in publications on cannabidiol mainly stimulated by the discovery of its anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidative and neuroprotective effects. These studies have suggested a wide range of possible therapeutic effects of cannabidiol on several conditions, including Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, cerebral ischemia, diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, other inflammatory diseases, nausea and cancer. Conclusion: In the last 45 years it has been possible to demonstrate that CBD has a wide range of pharmacological effects, many of which being of great therapeutic interest, but still waiting to be confirmed by clinical trials. ER  - 
Use of lamotrigine in psychiatric disorders$$$ Lamotrigine is a novel anticonvulsant drug which has multiple mechanisms of action. Along with epilepsy, it has become the treatment of choice in many areas of medicine, including various psychiatric disorders and pain syndromes. In psychiatry, there are several studies reporting the efficacy of lamotrigine in the treatment of bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, cocaine dependence, posttraumatic stress disorder and borderline personality disorder. In these studies, lamotrigine was seen to be well tolerated, to be an effective mood stabilizer, to be significantly more effective in schizophrenia when given as adjunctive therapy to clozapine. However it requires medical attention when combined with other antipsychotics except for clozapine due to possible iatrogenic worsening of psychiatric symptoms. Lamotrigine has been reported to have positive treatment effects for other potential clinical applications in limited number of reports. The literature related with lamotrigine use for the treatment of different psychiatric disorders has been reviewed in this paper. ER  - 
Certolizumab pegol: A polyethylene glycolated fab′ fragment of humanized anti-tumor necrosis factor alpha monoclonal antibody for the treatment of Crohn's disease$$$ Certolizumab pegol offers an alternative to the other biologic response modifiers for the treatment of Crohn's disease. Results from phase II dose-ranging studies were mixed because a number of the studies had high placebo response rates and a large number of patients with low C-reactive protein (CRP) levels. Phase III clinical trials have demonstrated induction of clinical responses and maintenance of remission for patients independent of whether baseline CRP levels were normal or elevated. Although concomitant immune suppressants reduced the immunogenicity, there were no differences in clinical response at 6 to 12 months for patients receiving immunosuppressives compared with those not receiving concomitant medications. There is also evidence that patients treated earlier in the course of disease may have improved responses and that patients who have lost response to infliximab will respond to certolizumab pegol. © 2008 MedReviews®, LLC. ER  - 
Ketamine and addiction$$$ Ketamine is a schedule III drug with a well-established safety profile that has been used extensively as an anesthetic for close to 4 decades. It has long been described as a drug of abuse and has become known as one of the "club drugs," used by adolescents and young adults in rave and circuit party settings. Ketamine is a congener of phencyclidine and acts as a noncompetitive N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) antagonist. Through a complicated and not completely understood process, NMDA antagonism increases dopamine levels in reward-related areas such as the ventral tegmental area and the nucleus accumbens. In addition to its addictive liability, there is also evidence to suggest that ketamine might have anti-addictive properties when used as an adjunct to psychotherapy that takes advantage of its ability to produce spiritually oriented altered states of consciousness. This technique has been applied to patients with alcohol and opiate use disorders. Ketamine's potential anti-addictive properties can be understood by looking at biologic and psycho-spiritual models. © MBL Communications. ER  - 
Sublingual buprenorphine for treatment of neonatal abstinence syndrome: A randomized trial$$$ OBJECTIVE. In utero exposure to drugs of abuse can lead to neonatal abstinence syndrome, a condition that is associated with prolonged hospitalization. Buprenorphine is a partial μ-opioid agonist used for treatment of adult detoxification and maintenance but has never been administered to neonates with opioid abstinence syndrome. The primary objective of this study was to demonstrate the feasibility and, to the extent possible in this size of study, the safety of sublingual buprenorphine in the treatment of neonatal abstinence syndrome. Secondary goals were to evaluate efficacy relative to standard therapy and to characterize buprenorphine pharmacokinet- ics when sublingually administered. METHODS. We conducted a randomized, open-label, active-control study of sublingual buprenorphine for the treatment of opiate withdrawal. Thirteen term infants were allocated to receive sublingual buprenorphine 13.2 to 39.0 μg/kg per day administered in 3 divided doses and 13 to receive standard-of-care oral neonatal opium solution. Dose decisions were made by using a modified Finnegan scoring system. RESULTS. Sublingual buprenorphine was largely effective in controlling neonatal abstinence syndrome. Greater than 98% of plasma concentrations ranged from undetectable to ̃0.60 ng/mL, which is less than needed to control abstinence symptoms in adults. The ratio of buprenorphine to norbuprenorphine was larger than that seen in adults, suggesting a relative impairment of N-dealkylation. Three infants who received buprenorphine and 1 infant who received standard of care reached protocol-specified maximum doses and required adjuvant therapy with phenobarbital. The mean length of treatment for those in the neonatal-opium-solution group was 32 compared with 22 days for the buprenorphine group. The mean length of stay for the neonatal-opium-solution group was 38 days compared with 27 days for those in the buprenorphine group. Treatment with buprenorphine was well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS. Buprenorphine administered via the sublingual route is feasible and apparently safe and may represent a novel treatment for neonatal abstinence syndrome. Copyright © 2008 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Effectiveness of lidocaine infusion for status epilepticus in childhood: A retrospective multi-institutional study in Japan$$$ We evaluated the usefulness of intravenous lidocaine therapy for managing of status epilepticus (SE) during childhood in a retrospective multi-institutional study. Questionnaires were sent to 28 hospitals concerning patients admitted for SE who were managed with lidocaine, assessing patient characteristics, treatment protocols and efficacy. In 279 treated patients, 261 SE occurrences at ages between 1 month and 15 years were analyzed. SE was classified as showing continuous, clustered, or frequently repeated seizures. Considering efficacy and side effects in combination, the usefulness of lidocaine was classified into six categories: extremely useful, useful, slightly useful, not useful, associated with deterioration, or unevaluated. In 148 SE cases (56.7%), lidocaine was rated as useful or extremely useful. Multivariate analysis indicated lidocaine was to be useful in SE with clustered and frequently repeated seizures, and SE attributable to certain acute illnesses, such as convulsions with mild gastroenteritis. Efficacy was poor when SE caused by central nervous system (CNS) infectious disease. Standard doses (approximately 2 mg/kg as a bolus, 2 mg/kg/h as maintenance) produced better outcomes than lower or higher doses. Poor responders to the initial bolus injection of lidocaine were less likely to respond to subsequent continuous infusion than good initial responders. We recommend lidocaine for use in SE with clustered or frequently repeated seizures, and in SE associated with benign infantile convulsion and convulsions with mild gastroenteritis. Lidocaine should be initiated with a bolus of 2 mg/kg. If SE is arrested by the bolus, continuous maintenance infusion should follow; treatment should proceed to different measures when SE shows a poor response to the initial bolus of lidocaine. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Duloxetine treatment for relapse prevention in adults with generalized anxiety disorder: A double-blind placebo-controlled trial$$$ The objective was to examine duloxetine 60-120 mg/day treatment for relapse prevention in adults with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Adult patients (N = 887; mean age = 43.3 years; 61.0% female) with DSM-IV-TR-defined GAD diagnosis were treated with duloxetine for 26 weeks. Patients who completed open-label phase and were treatment responders (≥ 50% reduction in Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale total score to ≤ 11 and "much"/"very much improved" ratings for the last 2 visits of open-label phase) were randomly assigned to receive duloxetine or placebo for a 26-week double-blind continuation phase. Relapse was defined as ≥ 2-point increase in illness severity ratings or by discontinuation due to lack of efficacy. During the double-blind phase, placebo-treated patients (N = 201) relapsed more frequently (41.8%) than duloxetine-treated patients (13.7%, N = 204, P ≤ 0.001) and worsened on each outcome measure (P ≤ 0.001, all comparisons). Duloxetine 60-120 mg/day treatment was efficacious and reduced risk of relapse in patients with GAD. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP. ER  - 
Association of seizures with cortical spreading depression and peri-infarct depolarisations in the acutely injured human brain$$$ Objective: To test the co-occurrence and interrelation of ictal activity and cortical spreading depressions (CSDs) - including the related periinfarct depolarisations in acute brain injury caused by trauma, and spontaneous subarachnoid and/or intracerebral haemorrhage. Methods: 63 patients underwent craniotomy and electrocorticographic (ECoG) recordings were taken near foci of damaged cortical tissue for up to 10 days. Results: 32 of 63 patients exhibited CSDs (5-75 episodes) and 11 had ECoGraphic seizure activity (1-81 episodes). Occurrence of seizures was significantly associated with CSD, as 10 of 11 patients with seizures also had CSD (p = 0.007, 2-tailed Fishers exact test). Clinically overt seizures were only observed in one patient. Each patient with CSD and seizures displayed one of four different patterns of interaction between CSD and seizures. In four patients CSD was immediately preceded by prolonged seizure activity. In three patients the two phenomena were separated in time: multiple CSDs were replaced by ictal activity. In one patient seizures appeared to trigger repeated CSDs at the adjacent electrode. In 2 patients ongoing repeated seizures were interrupted each time CSD occurred. Conclusions: Seizure activity occurs in association with CSD in the injured human brain. Significance: ECoG recordings in brain injury patients provide insight into pathophysiological mechanisms, which are not accessible by scalp EEG recordings. © 2008 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. ER  - 
Regulation of brain polyunsaturated fatty acid uptake and turnover$$$ The brain is particularly enriched in glycerophospholipids with either arachidonic or docosahexaenoic acid esterified in the stereospecifically numbered-2 position. In this paper, we review how combining a kinetic approach to study the uptake and turnover of arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids within brain phospholipids of unanesthetized rats, along with chronic administration of antimanic drugs (lithium, valproate and carbamazepine), have advanced our understanding of how polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) enter the brain, and the mechanisms that regulate their turnover within brain phospholipids. The incorporation rates of arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acid from the plasma unesterified pool into brain phospholipids closely approximate independent measures of their consumption rates by the brain, suggesting this is quantitatively the major pool for uptake of these PUFA. Antimanic drugs (lithium and carbamazepine) that downregulate the activity of the calcium-dependent cytosolic phospholipase A2 (cPLA2) transcription factor AP-2, and in turn the expression and activity of cPLA2, lead to a selective downregulation in brain arachidonic acid turnover. Furthermore, targeting arachidonoyl-CoA formation via ordered, non-competitive inhibition of an acyl-CoA synthetase with valproate also selectively decreases brain arachidonic acid turnover. Drugs that increase brain cPLA2 activity (N-methyl-d-aspartic acid and fluoxetine) are correlated with increased turnover of arachidonic acid in brain phospholipids. Altered PUFA metabolism has been implicated in several neurological disorders, including bipolar disorder and Alzheimer's disease. Identifying the enzymes that regulated brain PUFA metabolism could lead to new therapeutic approaches for these disorders. © 2008. ER  - 
Randomized double-blind multicentre placebo-controlled clinical trial of the clonidine adhesive patch for the treatment of tic disorders$$$ Objective: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the therapeutic effectiveness and safety of the clonidine adhesive patch in treating tic disorders. Method: A total of 437 patients, who met Chinese Classification of Mental Disorders-third edition diagnostic criteria for transient tic disorder (5%), chronic motor or vocal tic disorder (40%) or Tourette disorder (55%), aged 6-18years, were divided randomly into an active treatment group and a clinical control group. Participants in the active treatment group were treated with a clonidine adhesive patch and participants in the clinical control group with a placebo adhesive patch for 4 weeks. The dosage of the clonidine adhesive patch was 1.0 mg, 1.5 mg or 2.0 mg per week, depending on each participant's bodyweight. Participants whose Yale Global Tic Severity Scale (YGTSS) score decreased <30% and Clinical Global Impression score was ≥4 by the end of week 3 were withdrawn from the trial. Results: After 4 weeks of treatment the active treatment group participants' YGTSS score was significantly lower than that of the clinical control group (F=4.63, p=0.03). Further, the active treatment group had a significantly better therapeutic response than the clinical control group (χ2=9.15, p=0.003). The response rate in the active treatment group was 68.85% compared to 46.85% in the clinical control group (χ2=16.98, p=0.0001). The rate of adverse events was low (active treatment group, 3.08%; clinical control group, 7.21%) and did not differ between the two groups. Conclusions: The clonidine adhesive patch is effective and safe for tic disorders. ER  - 
Double-blind randomized controlled study comparing short-term efficacy of bifrontal and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in acute mania$$$ Background: Bifrontal electrode placement is as efficacious as bitemporal placement during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depression but is associated with fewer cognitive adverse effects. There are no studies comparing these techniques in acute mania. This study compared the short-term efficacy and adverse effects of bifrontal and bitemporal ECT in the treatment of acute mania. Method: Thirty-six DSM-IV mania inpatients referred for ECT were recruited for study. They were randomized to receive bifrontal (BFECT; n = 17) or bitemporal (BTECT; n = 19) ECT. None of the subjects were on mood stabilizers during the course of ECT. Severity of mania was measured on the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) before beginning ECT and then on Days 3, 7, 11, 14, and 21 of treatment. Cognitive functions were assessed eight hours after the fifth ECT session using the Mini-Mental Status Examination (MMSE), Paired Associate Learning Test, Complex Figure Test, Verbal Fluency Test (animals and fruits categories), and Trail Making Test, Part A. Results: The subjects in the two groups were comparable on sociodemographic and clinical variables, including severity of mania at baseline. They were also similar in ECT parameters, including seizure threshold and seizure duration. Mean YMRS scores showed faster decline in the BFECT than in the BTECT group. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed that a greater proportion of subjects in the BFECT group responded (50% reduction in YMRS score) significantly earlier than in the BTECT group. There were no significant differences between the groups in performance on cognitive function tests. Conclusion: In this pilot study, mania patients treated with BFECT responded faster than those treated with BTECT, with comparable cognitive adverse effects. Since ECT is usually prescribed for rapid control of symptoms, BFECT may be preferred over BTECT in the treatment of acute mania. © 2008 The Authors Journal compilation © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of levetiracetam versus phenytoin after supratentorial neurosurgery$$$ BACKGROUND: Antiepileptic drugs are routinely given after craniotomy. Though phenytoin (PHT) is still the most commonly used agent, levetiracetam (LEV) is increasingly administered for this purpose. This retrospective study compared the use of LEV and PHT as monotherapy prophylaxis following supratentorial neurosurgery. METHODS: Patients receiving LEV monotherapy after supratentorial craniotomy were reviewed and compared to a control group of patients receiving PHT monotherapy. RESULTS: One of 105 patients taking LEV and 9/210 patients taking PHT had seizures within 7 days of surgery (p = 0.17). Adverse drug reactions requiring change in therapy during hospitalization occurred in 1/105 patients taking LEV and 38/210 patients taking PHT (p < 0.001). Among patients followed for at least 12 months, 11/42 (26%) treated with LEV vs 42/117 (36%) treated with PHT developed epilepsy (p = 0.34); 64% remained on LEV, while 26% remained on PHT (p = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Both levetiracetam (LEV) and phenytoin (PHT) were associated with a low risk of early postoperative seizures and a moderate risk of later epilepsy. LEV was associated with significantly fewer early adverse reactions than PHT and with a higher retention rate in patients who were followed for at least 1 year and developed epilepsy. Copyright © 2008 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Use of second-generation antiepileptic drugs in the pediatric population$$$ Epilepsy is common in the pediatric population. Nine second-generation antiepileptic drugs have been approved in the US for use in epilepsy over the past 15 years: felbamate, gabapentin, lamotrigine, topiramate, tiagabine, levetiracetam, oxcarbazepine, zonisamide, and pregabalin. Their use in pediatric patients is fairly widespread, despite most of these agents not having US FDA indications for use. Felbamate and gabapentin were the first two second-generation antiepileptic drugs to be approved in the US. Felbamate use has been limited because of the occurrence of hepatotoxicity and aplastic anemia. Although gabapentin is a fairly well tolerated antiepileptic drug, its use has also been limited as a result of inconsistent efficacy and concern about seizure exacerbation. Lamotrigine and topiramate are broad-spectrum antiepileptic drugs with efficacy in a wide variety of seizure types. Both agents have some tolerability concerns: rash with lamotrigine and neuropsychiatric events with topiramate. There are very little data on tiagabine use in children, but this agent appears to be effective and to have a good tolerability profile. Levetiracetam is a second-generation antiepileptic agent that is available intravenously. Considering its good efficacy, fast onset of action, and low incidence of serious adverse effects, its use in the acute setting could potentially increase. Oxcarbazepine and zonisamide have been relatively well studied in pediatric seizure patients, including use as monotherapy. Both agents have demonstrated good efficacy and tolerability for patients as young as 1 month old. Vigabatrin and rufinamide are currently not available in the US, but have been shown to have some success in other countries. Pregabalin is the newest antiepileptic agent, but lacks pediatric data currently. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Practical issues with amisulpride in the management of patients with schizophrenia$$$ Amisulpride is an atypical antipsychotic with a significantly greater effect size than first-generation, typical antipsychotics, and efficacy at least similar to that of olanzapine and risperidone in large-scale clinical trials in schizophrenia. Amisulpride provides greater improvement in positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia, a better long-term outcome than typical antipsychotics, and distinct tolerability advantages over typical antipsychotics, which are reported to cause extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS) in 20-50% of patients. In addition, amisulpride is associated with significantly less weight gain than olanzapine and risperidone, does not increase body mass index, and favourably influences lipid profiles. In many patients with schizophrenia, adverse events impair adherence to treatment, and switching from typical or atypical antipsychotic therapy to amisulpride may be clinically appropriate. Observational drug-utilization studies suggest that many physicians switch to amisulpride because of fewer EPS and/or less weight gain and improved patient adherence. Cross-tapering (over 4 weeks), rather than abrupt cessation of pre-switch treatment, is preferred. Amisulpride has a low risk of drug-drug interactions, and, during cross-tapering, patients can remain on concurrent treatments (e.g. anticholinergics and antiparkinsonian agents) until the effective dosage has been reached. An appropriate amisulpride starting dose is 800 mg/day for patients with acute psychotic exacerbations, 400-800 mg/day for patients with predominantly positive symptoms, and 100-300 mg/day for predominantly negative symptoms. Amisulpride may be particularly suitable for clozapine-augmentation therapy in patients with refractory schizophrenia. Indeed, amisulpride is more effective than quetiapine as augmentation therapy in patients partially responsive to clozapine, and several prospective open-label studies and case series have reported promising results for amisulpride/ clozapine combination therapy. In three prospective studies, addition of amisulpride 200-800 mg/day to clozapine significantly reduced mean scores on the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) total (-33% to -35%), Clinical Global Impression (CGI)-Severity scale (-31%), Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale total (-22%), and Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (-34%). The proportion of responders (CGI score ≥3 or BPRS improvement >20%) was 71-86%. Retrospective case-series analyses have also reported improved psychopathological state, reduced adverse events, and lower clozapine dosage requirement with use of this combination. The pharmacological and clinical profiles of amisulpride suggest that this agent is a viable clinical option when a change of antipsychotic therapy is required in patients with schizophrenia because of lack of efficacy, adverse events and poor adherence to treatment, or for augmentation of clozapine in treatment-resistant illness. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms in epilepsy: Prevalence, impact, aetiology, biological correlates and effect of treatment with antiepileptic drugs$$$ Occurring in up to 80% of patients with epilepsy, depression in epilepsy may manifest as (i) major depressive disorder, meeting Diagnostic and Statistical Manual, 4th edition (DSM-IV) diagnostic criteria; (ii) atypical depression or dysthymia; or (iii) a dysthymic-like disorder with intermittent symptoms that can be milder than those of major depression. Depressive symptoms impair patients' health-related quality of life and may affect the clinical course of epilepsy. Depressive symptoms in epilepsy have been attributed to several causes, including endocrine and/or metabolic effects of seizures; the psychological response to epilepsy and its associated mental, physical and social challenges; common pathogenic mechanisms between depression and epilepsy; and the adverse effects of certain antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), particularly GABAergic agents, such as vigabatrin, tiagabine, topiramate and phenobarbital. Whereas some AEDs impair mood, others appear to improve aspects of mood or are mood neutral. Demonstrable antidepressant efficacy of AEDs used to manage seizures could have a significant impact on the care of patients with epilepsy. The AED lamotrigine has been demonstrated to be effective in the treatment of depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy. In randomized, double-blind, clinical trials in patients with epilepsy, depressive symptoms improved more with lamotrigine monotherapy than valproate monotherapy and more with lamotrigine adjunctive therapy than placebo. Results of open-label studies of lamotrigine monotherapy and adjunctive therapy are consistent with the results of double-blind clinical trials. Lamotrigine-associated improvement in depressive symptoms is independent of its anticonvulsant efficacy. In prospective assessments, gabapentin, levetiracetam and oxcarbazepine each exhibited potentially beneficial effects on depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy. However, evidence for the efficacy of gabapentin, levetiracetam and oxcarbazepine in the treatment of depressive symptoms in epilepsy is inconclusive at present because the effects of each agent have only been reported in single studies of an open-label design and with small sample sizes. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Tolerability of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: Issues relevant to the elderly$$$ Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) continue to be the first-choice antidepressant treatment for the elderly as they have similar efficacy to other antidepressants but better tolerability. However, recent concerns have emerged regarding a range of adverse effects that are more likely to occur in the elderly. In part this relates to the increased risk of drug interactions. Platelet dysfunction induced by SSRIs with high serotenergic activity is associated with gastrointestinal bleeding in the first month of treatment, although the overall evidence is weak. The risk of falls and fractures in elderly patients taking SSRIs is similar to that reported with use of tricyclic antidepressants. Hyponatraemia due to induction of the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion may be life threatening in the elderly but in most cases is asymptomatic and reversible. Extrapyramidal disorders such as parkinsonism and dyskinesias are more common in the elderly but are rare. There is a very low risk of cerebrovascular adverse reactions in patients taking SSRIs. There are inconsistent findings linking SSRIs with suicidal behaviour in late life and with the risk of cancer. Most of the newly identified adverse effects are either relatively uncommon or of debatable significance. Few differences have been identified among the SSRIs that are of clinical significance. However, it is recommended in the elderly that SSRIs should be titrated slowly to recommended therapeutic doses and used cautiously with other agents known to have the potential for drug interactions. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
NMDA receptors in clinical neurology: excitatory times ahead$$$ Since the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) subunits were cloned less than two decades ago, a substantial amount of research has been invested into understanding their physiological function in the healthy CNS. Research has also been directed at their pathological roles in various neurological diseases, including disorders resulting from acute excitotoxic insults (eg, ischaemic stroke, traumatic brain injury), diseases due to chronic neurodegeneration (eg, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and Huntington's diseases and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis), disorders arising from sensitisation of neurons (eg, epilepsy, neuropathic pain), and neurodevelopmental disorders associated with NMDAR hypofunction (eg, schizophrenia). Selective NMDAR antagonists have not produced positive results in clinical trials. However, there are other NMDAR-targeted therapies used in current practice that are effective for treating some neurological disorders. In this Review, we describe the evidence for the use of these therapies and provide an overview of drugs being investigated in clinical trials. We also discuss new NMDAR-targeted strategies in clinical neurology. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical correlates of pathological gambling symptoms in patients with epilepsy$$$ Pathological gambling symptoms (PGS), that is, the subjective urge to gamble and the actual gambling behaviors, are currently acknowledged as relatively common symptoms among Western countries, with an estimated point prevalence of 0.6-1.1% in the general population. Converging evidence suggests that PGS are overrepresented in patients with neurological conditions affecting dopaminergic reward pathways, and can be expressed in both impulse control disorders and obsessive-compulsive spectrum disorders. This study explored the clinical correlates of PGS in patients with epilepsy. Eighty-eight consecutive adult outpatients recruited at three epilepsy clinics in northern Italy were assessed using the Gambling-Symptom Assessment Scale (G-SAS), along with a battery of psychometric instruments to index depression (Beck Depression Inventory [BDI]), anxiety (Spielberger State-Trait Anxiety Inventory [STAI]), and obsessionality (Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale [YBOCS]) symptoms. On the G-SAS, patients with a diagnosis of temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) reported a mean [sd] G-SAS score of 2.0 [5.7], significantly higher than patients with frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE) (0.6 [1.7]) and idiopathic generalized epilepsy (IGE) (0.4 [1.4]). Moreover, multiple regression analysis showed that G-SAS scores were selectively predicted by YBOCS scores, thus suggesting an association between the expression of obsessional spectrum symptoms and PGS in patients with TLE. Alterations in the mesolimbic reward system could represent the putative neuropathological substrate for this multifaceted clinical picture. © 2008 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Valproic acid poisoning: An evidence-based consensus guideline for out-of-hospital management$$$ A review of US poison center data for 2004 showed over 9000 ingestions of valproic acid. A guideline that determines the conditions for emergency department referral and prehospital care could potentially optimize patient outcome, avoid unnecessary emergency department visits, reduce health care costs, and reduce life disruption for patients and caregivers. An evidence-based expert consensus process was used to create the guideline. Relevant articles were abstracted by a trained physician researcher. The first draft of the guideline was created by the lead author. The entire panel discussed and refined the guideline before distribution to secondary reviewers for comment. The panel then made changes based on the secondary review comments. The objective of this guideline is to assist poison center personnel in the appropriate out-of-hospital triage and initial out-of-hospital management of patients with a suspected ingestion of valproic acid by 1) describing the process by which an ingestion of valproic acid might be managed, 2) identifying the key decision elements in managing cases of valproic acid ingestion, 3) providing clear and practical recommendations that reflect the current state of knowledge, and 4) identifying needs for research. This guideline applies to the acute ingestion and acute-on-chronic ingestion of immediate-release and extended-release dosage forms of valproic acid, divalproex, and valproate sodium alone. Co-ingestion of additional substances could require different referral and management recommendations depending on the combined toxicities of the substances. This review focuses on the ingestion of more than a single therapeutic dose and the effects of an overdose. Although therapeutic doses of valproic acid can cause adverse effects in adults and children, some idiosyncratic and some dose-dependent, these cases are not considered. This guideline is based on an assessment of current scientific and clinical information. The expert consensus panel recognizes that specific patient care decisions might be at variance with this guideline and are the prerogative of the patient and the health professionals providing care, considering all of the circumstances involved. This guideline does not substitute for clinical judgment. Recommendations are in chronological order of likely clinical use. The grade of recommendation is in parentheses. 1) All patients with suicidal intent, intentional abuse, or in whom a malicious intent is suspected (e.g., child abuse or neglect) should be referred to an emergency department (Grade D). 2) Patients who are symptomatic (more than somnolence or exhibiting coma or seizures) after a valproic acid ingestion should be referred to an emergency department (Grade C). 3) Asymptomatic patients with an unintentional acute ingestion of 50 mg/kg or more or asymptomatic patients who are taking the drug therapeutically and who take an additional single acute ingestion of 50 mg/kg or more of any valproic acid formulation should be referred to an emergency department for evaluation (Grade C). 4) Patients with unintentional ingestions of immediate-release valproic acid formulations, who are asymptomatic, and more than 6 hours has elapsed since the time of ingestion, can be observed at home (Grade C). 5) Patients with unintentional ingestions of delayed-release or extended-release formulations of valproic acid who are asymptomatic, and more than 12 hours has elapsed since the time of ingestion, can be observed at home (Grade C). 6) Pregnant women who ingest below the dose for emergency department referral and do not have other referral conditions should be directed to their primary care obstetrical provider for evaluation of potential maternal and fetal risk. Routine referral to an emergency department for immediate care is not required (Grade D). 7) Do not induce emesis (Grade C). 8) Activated charcoal can be administered to asymptomatic patients who have ingested valproic acid within the preceding hour (Grade C). Prehospital activated charcoal administration, if available, should only be carried out by health professionals and only if no contraindications are present. Poison centers should follow local protocols and experience with its use. Do not delay transportation in order to administer activated charcoal (Grades D). 9) In patients who have ingested valproic acid and who are comatose, naloxone can be considered for prehospital administration in the doses used for treatment of opioid overdose, particularly if the patient has respiratory depression (Grade C). 10) A benzodiazepine can be administered by EMS personnel if convulsions are present and if authorized by EMS medical direction, expressed by written treatment protocol or policy, or if there is direct medical oversight (Grade C). Copyright © American Association of Poison Control Centers. ER  - 
Headache and facial pains$$$ Headache is the most common presenting symptom in a neurological clinic. Although seldom life-threatening, it is a major cause of suffering, and loss of productivity at work due to headache is extremely costly. Patients seeking advice about one particular headache often have a febrile illness such as influenza or sinusitis. Nevertheless, subarachnoid haemorrhage and meningitis must be considered in every patient. Clinical assessment of a headache patient is almost wholly dependent on an adequate history. Specific structural causes such as temporal arteritis, cerebrovascular disease, sinusitis, trigeminal neuralgia, typical facial pain, subarachnoid haemorrhage and meningitis need to be considered first. Cervical spondylosis is the commonest cause of new headache in older people. Headache as a presenting symptom of disorders causing raised intracranial pressure is unusual, as most such patients have epilepsy or physical abnormalities reflecting the site of the lesion within the brain, but patients with a short history of headache should be investigated, even in the absence of physical signs. A minority of patients have cluster headache, which all competent physicians should be able to recognise. Tension-type headache is extremely common, though seldom as incapacitating as migraine. Physicians should ensure that the patients are not abusing opioid or other analgesics, or taking oestrogenic hormones Most of these patients respond to tricyclic antidepressants and anti-inflammatory drugs. Migraine is the commonest cause of disabling recurrent headache; in population surveys only a minority of patients have headaches preceded by a visual, sensory or other aura disturbance. Triptan analgesics should be considered for all patients unresponsive to less expensive remedies. If the attacks occur twice or more monthly, patients should be considered for prophylactic treatment, with, for example, beta blockers, pizotifen, valproate or methysergide. With careful diagnosis and appropriate treatment, most patients with disabling headaches can be helped a great deal. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment options for pregnant women with epilepsy$$$ Background: Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in pregnancy are associated with an increased risk of fetal malformations. Concern is expressed about the effects that AEDs may produce on the child's cognition and development. To date, no specific malformations have clearly been proven to be attributable to a specific drug, with the exception of valproate. Objective: In order to gain prospective data, collaborative pregnancy registers have been established which collect data on teratogenicity and seizure control efficacy of AEDs, and on the comparative efficacy of second-generation AEDs. Methods: Studies of the effects of AED exposure on cognitive function have begun. Future head-to-head studies of traditional and newly developed AEDs may provide a more rational basis for defining first and second line choices of medications for women with epilepsy generally, and more specifically in pregnancy. Conclusions: Traditional prescribing patterns appear to influence the options for treatment of women with epilepsy in pregnancy, which is then adjusted according to the variability of response. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Antipsychotic treatment in child and adolescent first-episode psychosis: A longitudinal naturalistic approach$$$ Objective: The Child and Adolescent First-Episode Psychosis Study (CAFEPS) is a naturalistic longitudinal study of early-onset first psychotic episodes. This report describes the antipsychotic treatment during the first year and compares the most frequently used agents after 6 months. Methods: Participants were 110 patients, aged 9-17 years, with a first psychotic episode attended consecutively at six different centers. The Positive and Negative Symptom Scale (PANSS), Clinical Global Impressions (CGI), Disability Assessment Schedule (DAS), and Global Assessment of Function (GAF) scales were administered at baseline and at 6 months and the Udvalg for Kliniske Undersøgelser (UKU) Side Effects Rating Scale only at 6 months. Results: Diagnoses at baseline were 38.2% psychotic disorder not otherwise specified, 39.1% schizophrenia-type disorder, 11.8% depressive disorder with psychotic symptoms, and 10.9% bipolar disorder, manic episode with psychotic symptoms. The most frequently used antipsychotic agents were risperidone (n = 50), quetiapine (n = 18), and olanzapine (n = 16). Patients who were prescribed olanzapine or quetiapine had more negative and general symptoms. Using the baseline score as covariate, no significant differences were found in the reductions on any scale in patients treated with risperidone, quetiapine, or olanzapine for 6 months. Weight increase was greater with olanzapine than with risperidone (p = 0.020) or quetiapine (p = 0.040). More neurological side effects appeared with risperidone than with olanzapine (p = 0.022). All side effects were mild or moderate. Conclusions: Second-generation antipsychotics, especially risperidone, quetiapine, and olanzapine, are the most used in our context in first psychotic episodes in children and adolescents. These three obtain similar clinical improvement, but differ in their side effects. © 2008 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Child and adolescent schizophrenia: Pharmacological approaches$$$ Background: Childhood-onset schizophrenia is a serious, chronic and disabling illness that can significantly affect the quality of life of the affected individuals and their families. The affected children commonly show significant premorbid developmental impairment and social abnormalities that may provide an early clinical clue to pursue treatment. Until recent times, treatment approaches for childhood schizophrenia were derived from the adult population. However, given the unique developmental challenges in the pediatric population, this extrapolation may not hold true. Objective: This review encompasses and elaborates on the efficacy, safety and tolerability data available at present for both typical and atypical antipsychotics for treatment of childhood schizophrenia. Method: A literature search was conducted on PUBMED with special emphasis on double-blind placebo-controlled studies in childhood schizophrenia. Data from similar studies presented in recent meetings were also added to the review. Conclusions: Recent research in pediatric psychopharmacology has led to the Food and Drug Administration's approval of two atypical antipsychotics for the treatment of schizophrenia. Although data in this age group are still sparse, research in this unique population has grown over the years. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Conus venoms - A rich source of peptide-based therapeutics$$$ Over two decades of research on venom peptides derived from cone snails ("conopeptides or conotoxins") has led to several compounds that have reached human clinical trials, most of them for the treatment of pain. Remarkably, none of the conopeptides in clinical development mediate analgesia through the opioid receptors, underlying the diverse and novel neuropharmacology evolved by Conus snails. These predatory animals produce an estimated ∼100,000 distinct conotoxins, a vast majority yet to be discovered and characterized. The conopeptides studied to-date in animal models, have exhibited antinociceptive, antiepileptic, neuroprotective or cardioprotective activities. Screening results also suggest applications of conotoxins in cancer, neuromuscular and psychiatric disorders. Additional potentially important applications of conotoxin research are the discovery and validation of new therapeutic targets, also defining novel binding sites on already validated molecular targets. As the structural and functional diversity of conotoxins is being investigated, the Conus venoms continue to surprise with the plethora of neuropharmacological compounds and potential new therapeutics. This review summarizes recent efforts in the discovery of conopeptides, and their preclinical and clinical development. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Benzodiazepines in epilepsy: Pharmacology and pharmacokinetics$$$ Benzodiazepines (BZDs) remain important agents in the management of epilepsy. They are drugs of first choice for status epilepticus and seizures associated with post-anoxic insult and are also frequently used in the treatment of febrile, acute repetitive and alcohol withdrawal seizures. Clinical advantages of these drugs include rapid onset of action, high efficacy rates and minimal toxicity. Benzodiazepines are used in a variety of clinical situations because they have a broad spectrum of clinical activity and can be administered via several routes. Potential shortcomings of BZDs include tolerance, withdrawal symptoms, adverse events, such as cognitive impairment and sedation, and drug interactions. Benzodiazepines differ in their pharmacologic effects and pharmacokinetic profiles, which dictate how the drugs are used. Among the approximately 35 BZDs available, a select few are used for the management of seizures and epilepsy: clobazam, clonazepam, clorazepate, diazepam, lorazepam and midazolam. Among these BZDs, clorazepate has a unique profile that includes a long half-life of its active metabolite and slow onset of tolerance. Additionally, the pharmacokinetic characteristics of clorazepate (particularly the sustained-release formulation) could theoretically help minimize adverse events. However, larger, controlled studies of clorazepate are needed to further examine its role in the treatment of patients with epilepsy. © 2008 The Authors Journal compilation © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Antipsychotic withdrawal-induced relapse predicts future relapses in institutionalized adults with severe intellectual disability$$$ Severe intellectual and developmental disabilities are frequently associated with aggression toward self and others, destruction of property, and disruption. Antipsychotic medications are a mainstay of treatment of such behaviors. National and state guidelines suggest stopping these medications or decreasing their dosages when possible if patients have maintained stability. The current study evaluated the likelihood of future antipsychotic drug withdrawal-induced relapses in those individuals where such a relapse had occurred previously. Subjects were 57 institutionalized adults with severe or profound intellectual disability. Between 1990 and 2000, each had experienced an initial activation of maladaptive aggressive behaviors after an attempt at antipsychotic drug withdrawal and/or termination. Quarterly behavioral reports were evaluated to determine whether subsequent antipsychotic drug withdrawal attempts were also associated with future relapses. Initial relapse was followed by subsequent antipsychotic drug withdrawal attempts in 49 of the 57 individuals. Between 1990 and 2005, 28.6% of these 49 subjects had experienced 1, 38.7% had 2, 20.4% had 3, and 8.2% had 4 additional relapses. Two (4.1%) had not relapsed. Eight individuals remained on antipsychotic agents without a subsequent withdrawal attempt. By the end of 2005, only 4 (7%) of the 57 individuals had become antipsychotic drug free, 22.8% were receiving first-generation antipsychotic agents alone, 45.6% were receiving second-generation antipsychotic agents alone, and 24.6% were receiving a combination of first- and second-generation antipsychotic agents. Thus, if relapse occurs after an antipsychotic drug withdrawal attempt, subsequent attempts at withdrawal are also very likely to lead to further relapses. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Status epilepticus: A modern approach to management$$$ Status epilepticus (SE) is a common medical emergency. Two problems continue to militate against improved outcome in SE, namely, failure to recognize the wide spectrum of clinical presentation and failure to treat in an appropriately aggressive and timely manner. In this study, we aim to provide a clear understanding of the clinical presentation of SE, as well as providing an evidence-based review of the pathophysiological consequences of prolonged seizures, enabling the reader to adopt a rational approach to its management. We discuss current best practice for the management of SE as well as discussing alternative strategies, and briefly explore possible future therapeutic interventions. © 2008 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Phase II Pilot Study of Bevacizumab in Combination with Temozolomide and Regional Radiation Therapy for Up-Front Treatment of Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma Multiforme: Interim Analysis of Safety and Tolerability$$$ Purpose: To assess interim safety and tolerability of a 10-patient, Phase II pilot study using bevacizumab (BV) in combination with temozolomide (TMZ) and regional radiation therapy (RT) in the up-front treatment of patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma. Methods and Materials: All patients received standard external beam regional RT of 60.0 Gy in 30 fractions started within 3 to 5 weeks after surgery. Concurrently TMZ was given daily at 75 mg/m2 for 42 days during RT, and BV was given every 2 weeks at 10 mg/kg starting with the first day of RT/TMZ. After a 2-week interval upon completion of RT, the post-RT phase commenced with resumption of TMZ at 150 to 200 mg/m2 for 5 days every 4 weeks and continuation of BV every 2 weeks. Results: For these 10 patients, toxicities were compiled until study discontinuation or up to ∼40 weeks from initial study treatment for those remaining on-study. In terms of serious immediate or delayed neurotoxicity, 1 patient developed presumed radiation-induced optic neuropathy. Among the toxicities that could be potentially treatment related, relatively high incidences of fatigue, myelotoxicity, wound breakdown, and deep venous thrombosis/pulmonary embolism were observed. Conclusion: The observed toxicities were acceptable to continue enrollment toward the overall target group of 70 patients. Preliminary efficacy analysis shows encouraging mean progression-free survival. At this time data are not sufficient to encourage routine off-label use of BV combined with TMZ/RT in the setting of newly diagnosed glioblastoma without longer follow-up, enrollment of additional patients, and thorough efficacy assessment. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The safety and tolerability of galantamine in patients with epilepsy and memory difficulties$$$ Individuals with epilepsy commonly experience memory loss. We investigated the safety and tolerability of galantamine in treatment of memory loss in a pilot study of 28 patients with epilepsy, randomly assigned to galantamine (n = 13) or placebo (n = 15) and followed for a total of 12 weeks. Participants underwent blinded memory assessment at baseline and 12 weeks (Selective Reminding Test, 7/24 Spatial Recall). One participant in the galantamine group had a suspected recurrence of brain neoplasm and increased seizures; all other participants receiving galantamine showed no increase in seizure activity during the trial. Patients in both groups reported mild, tolerable side effects (headache, appetite suppression), with no difference between groups. No significant differences were observed on the memory measures when both groups were retested at Week 12. Galantamine appears to be safe and tolerable in patients with epilepsy. Further studies with larger samples and comparison with other cholinesterase inhibitors should be considered. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Anticonvulsant treatment, B12 plasma levels and mood disorders$$$ The purpose is the clinical study of the correlation of Vitamin B12 plasma levels and mood disorders in patients with history of long term treatment with antiepileptic drugs. Valproic acid, carbamazepine and most of the newest anti-seizure agents have an established use in psychiatric pharmacotherapy, not only in affective disorders but also in a variety of disorders. Methods used are the clinical examination, laboratory tests, neuroimanging and bibliographic research. We reviewed the guidelines as given by official Institutes in UK and USA, NICE and articles related to the subject after relevant search via the Medline. A female patient with bipolar disorder II was treated in the near past with carbamazepine and sodium valproate. During her stay in our clinic ward, she mentioned weakness and loss of sensation in both hands accompanied with a filling of unstable walking and hemodia. After the full neurological clinical evaluation and examination with structural neuroimaging procedures such as CT scan and MRI, our attention was moved at the possible relationship between the reported symptoms and B12 serum levels. As the levels were 150 pg/ml and our patient's blood cell values do not reveal megaloblastic anemia, we started substitute treatment, provided that she had been taking antiepileptic medicine for years and had low toxicity of B12. At the following neurological examinations the clinical icon of the patient had been improved. Carbamazepine and sodium valproate are widely used as maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder. Although the alteration of accumulation of B12 in serum is not totally acceptable by scientists, there are indications for the relation between antiepileptic medicine and reduced levels of B12 at least at cerebrospinal fluid dfolate. Additionally, the combination of any inefficiency with the chronic alcoolism, that is often present in this category of mental patients and the rise of life expectancy, creates the need of a bigger demanded quantity of B12 in their diet. The full spectrum of relations between B12 and psychiatric illness is still not clear. Much of the evidence comes from casecontrol and cross-sectiional studies. Cohort studies and definitive randomized-controlled trials to test the therapeutic benefit of B12, are required to confirm or refute any causal relationship. The introduction in routine laboratory test of the determination of B12 serum levels under the evidence of the association of B12 deficiency and low serum B12 values in patients with mental disorders and atypical psychiatric symptoms may help. As the neuropsychiaytric severity by vitamin B12 deficiency and the therapeutic efficacy depends on the duration of signs and symptoms, B12 levels should be evaluated in every patient with history of treatment with antiepileptic drugs, resistant depressive disorders, dementia, psychosis or risk factos of malnutrition such as alcoolism or advancing age associated with neurological symptoms, anemia, gastrointestinal surgery, parasite infestation or strict vegetarian diet. ER  - 
Scopolamine: Modelling memory and cognitive deficits for clinical trials$$$ Purpose of the study: Scopolamine acts as a muscarinic acetylcholine antagonist at M1 receptors. As a result of its anticholinergic activity, scopolamine has been associated with reversible memory and attention deficits as well as hallucinogenic effects that mimic those present in dementia and schizophrenia [1]. Blockade of cholinergic activity with scopolamine has been repeatedly demonstrated to affect performance on tests of paired-associated learning, digit span recall, information processing, verbal procedural learning, working and recognition memory [2]. As such, the induction of memory and cognitive deficits following scopolamine challenge has been used as a screen for novel psychoactive drugs targeting cognitive processes. The goal of this study was to formalize the use of specific measures to compare the effects of scopolamine to those of investigational compounds with respect to the reversal of anticholinergic-type cognitive impairments in healthy volunteers. Methods used: The study followed a double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled crossover design. Six healthy, non-smoking subjects (3 males), mean age 21 to 31 years-old completed the study. Subjects received a single dose of scopolamine (0.4 mg) or placebo administered sub-cutaneously. Treatment sessions were separated by no less than 24 hours. Subjects fasted 8 hours before and 2 hours following each dose. Dose selection was based on previous studies in healthy volunteers and epileptic patients. Computerized measures included: Divided Attention (DA); Choice Reaction Time (CRT); Digit Vigilance (DV); and Sternberg Short-Term Memory Test (STM). Additionally, several visual analog scales were administered: dry mouth, nausea, restlessness, confusion, and drowsiness. Data were analysed using a mixed effect ANCOVA including time as fixed effect, subject as random effect, and pre-dose baseline value as covariate. Summary of results: Significant differences were present between the scopolamine and placebo conditions on the objective, but not on the subjective measures selected. As compared to placebo, scopolamine was associated with significantly diminished divided attention (lower total percent over the road; fewer correct responses; increased number of errors; P < 0.05), slower choice reaction time (delayed recognition reaction time; delayed motor reaction time; P < 0.05), and poorer short term memory (increased response latency; lower digit detection sensitivity; P < 0.05). Conclusions: Several measures were selected to assess the effect of scopolamine on cognitive abilities. Results showed that the subject performance on the DA, CRT, and STM was significantly reduced in response to a single dose of scopolamine (0.4.mg) and, as such, represent good candidates for comparing the effects of scopolamine to those of novel central nervous systemacting drugs. The subject performance on the DV task was not significantly modulated by the scopolamine challenge. Although not statistically significant, subjects reported increased feelings of restlessness, drowsiness, dry mouth, nausea, and confusion in response to scopolamine. In conclusion, with the exception of the DV task, the selected test battery can be applied as an experimental model of cognitive impairment in dementia and schizophrenia to study the effects of novel investigational compounds with respect to the reversal of anticholinergic-type cognitive impairments. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapies for smoking cessation: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Many placebo-controlled trials have demonstrated the efficacy of individual pharmacotherapies approved for smoking cessation. However, few direct or indirect comparisons of such interventions have been conducted. We performed a meta-analysis to compare the treatment effects of 7 approved pharmacologic interventions for smoking cessation. Methods: We searched the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Tobacco Information and Prevention database as well as MEDLINE, EMBASE and the Cochrane Library for published reports of placebo-controlled, double-blind randomized controlled trials of pharmacotherapies for smoking cessation. We included studies that reported biochemically validated measures of abstinence at 6 and 12 months. We used a hierarchical Bayesian random-effects model to summarize the results for each intervention. Results: We identified 70 published reports of 69 trials involving a total of 32 908 patients. Six of the 7 pharmacotherapies studied were found to be more efficacious than placebo: varenicline (odds ratio [OR] 2.41, 95% credible interval [CrI] 1.91-3.12), nicotine nasal spray (OR 2.37, 95% CrI 1.12-5.13), bupropion (OR 2.07, 95% CrI 1.73-2.55), transdermal nicotine (OR 2.07, 95% CrI 1.69-2.62), nicotine tablet (OR 2.06, 95% CrI 1.12-5.13) and nicotine gum (OR 1.71, 95% CrI 1.35-2.21). Similar results were obtained regardless of which measure of abstinence was used. Although the point estimate favoured nicotine inhaler over placebo (OR 2.17), these results were not conclusive because the credible interval included unity (95% CrI 0.95-5.43). When all 7 interventions were included in the same model, all were more efficacious than placebo. In our analysis of data from the varenicline trials that included bupropion control arms, we found that varenicline was superior to bupropion (OR 2.18, 95% CrI 1.09-4.08). Interpretation: Varenicline, bupropion and the 5 nicotine replacement therapies were all more efficacious than placebo at promoting smoking abstinence at 6 and 12 months. © 2008 Canadian Medical Association or its licensors. ER  - 
Amantadine and rimantadine for influenza A in children and the elderly$$$ Background: Although amantadine (AMT) and rimantadine (RMT) are used to relieve or treat influenza A symptoms in healthy adults, little is known about the effectiveness and safety of these antivirals in preventing and treating influenza A in children and the elderly. Objectives: The aim of this review was to systematically consider evidence on the effectiveness and safety of AMT and RMT in preventing and treating influenza A in children and the elderly. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library, 2007, issue 3);MEDLINE (1966 to July 2007) and EMBASE (1980 to July 2007). Selection criteria: Randomised or quasi-randomised trials comparing AMT and/or RMT in children and the elderlywith placebo, control, other antivirals or comparing different doses or schedules of AMT and/or RMT or no intervention. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently selected trials for inclusion and assessed methodological quality. Disagreements were resolved by consensus. In all comparisons except for one, the trials in children and in the elderly were analysed separately. Data were analysed and reported using Cochrane Review Manager 4.2. software. Main results: In children, RMT was effective in the abatement of fever on day three of treatment. AMT showed a prophylactic effect against influenza A infection. AMT and RMT were not related to an increase in the occurrence of adverse effects. RMT also was considered to be well tolerated by the elderly, but showed no prophylactic effect. Different doses were comparable in the prophylaxis of influenza in the elderly, as well as in reporting adverse effects. Zanamivir prevented influenza A more effectively than RMT in the elderly. Authors' conclusions: AMT was effective in the prophylaxis of influenza A in children. As confounding matters might have affected our findings, caution should be taken when considering which patients should to be given this prophylactic. Our conclusions about effectiveness of both antivirals for the treatment of influenza A in children were limited to a proven benefit of RMT in the abatement of fever on day three of treatment. Due to the small number of available studies we could not reach a definitive conclusion on the safety of AMT or the effectiveness of RMT in preventing influenza in children and the elderly. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Care delivery and self-management strategies for adults with epilepsy$$$ Background: Epilepsy care has been criticised for its lack of impact. Various service models and strategies have been developed in response to perceived inadequacies in care provision. Objectives: To compare the effectiveness of any specialised or dedicated intervention for the care of adults with epilepsy to the effectiveness of usual care. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library Issue 2, 2006), MEDLINE (1966 to May 2006), EMBASE (1988 to May 2006), PsychINFO (1806 to May 2006) and CINAHL (1982 to May 2006). Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials, controlled or matched trials, cohort studies or other prospective studies with a control group, or time series studies. Data collection and analysis: Each review author independently selected studies, extracted data and assessed the quality of included studies. Main results: There are 13 trials and 16 reports included in this review. Seven distinct groups of interventions were identified: seven papers reported on five trials of specialist epilepsy nurses. Of the 13 trials, at least three (four reports) have methodological weaknesses, and some of the results from other analyses within studies need to be interpreted with caution because of limiting factors in the studies. Consequently, there is currently limited evidence for the effectiveness of interventions to improve the health and life quality of people with epilepsy. It was not possible to combine study results in a meta-analysis because of the heterogeneity of outcomes, study populations, interventions, and time scales across the studies. Authors' conclusions: Two intervention types, the specialist epilepsy nurse and self-management education, have some evidence of benefit. However, we did not find clear evidence that other service models substantially improve outcomes for adults with epilepsy. It is also possible that benefits are situation specific and may not generalise to other settings. These studies included only a small number of service providers whose individual competence or expertise may have had a significant impact on outcomes. At present it is not possible to advocate any single model of service provision. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
The use of imaging in the early development of neuropharmacological drugs: A survey of approved NDAs$$$ The aim of the study was to evaluate the use of imaging in the development of neuropharmacological drugs. All New Drug Applications (NDAs) approved from 1995 through 2004 in the Division of Neuropharmacological Drug Products at the Food and Drug Administration were surveyed for imaging studies. Imaging literature was also reviewed with respect to antipsychotics and antidepressants. One hundred and six NDAs (35 new molecular entities (NMEs)) were approved; 15 of these NDAs (10 NMEs) had imaging studies. The primary imaging modality was positron emission tomography. Imaging was primarily conducted for drugs used in schizophrenia, depression, multiple sclerosis, and migraine. The majority evaluated receptor occupancy or proof of concept. Examples (including literature) are discussed as pertinent to dosage, efficacy, safety, or further development of a drug or class of drugs. Imaging contributes to optimal clinical development of central nervous system (CNS)-active drugs. Opportunities are available for its broader use, contributing to improved understanding of the clinical pharmacology of CNS-active drugs. © 2008 American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics. ER  - 
Brain foods: The effects of nutrients on brain function$$$ It has long been suspected that the relative abundance of specific nutrients can affect cognitive processes and emotions. Newly described influences of dietary factors on neuronal function and synaptic plasticity have revealed some of the vital mechanisms that are responsible for the action of diet on brain health and mental function. Several gut hormones that can enter the brain, or that are produced in the brain itself, influence cognitive ability. In addition, well-established regulators of synaptic plasticity, such as brain-derived neurotrophic factor, can function as metabolic modulators, responding to peripheral signals such as food intake. Understanding the molecular basis of the effects of food on cognition will help us to determine how best to manipulate diet in order to increase the resistance of neurons to insults and promote mental fitness. © 2008 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Histamine and antihistamines$$$ Histamine is one of the most extensively studied biological amines in medicine. It stimulates smooth muscle contraction and gastric acid secretion, increases vascular permeability, functions as a neurotransmitter, and plays various roles in immunomodulation, inflammation, haematopoiesis and cell proliferation. Moreover, it plays a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of allergic inflammation. Histamine exerts its biological effects through four G-protein-coupled receptors designated H1-H4. H1 and H2 receptors are widely distributed, whereas H3 receptors are mainly presynaptic and H4 receptors are mainly haematopoietic. H1 antihistamines are classified as first-generation and second-generation compounds. First-generation H1 antihistamines lack H1 specificity and cross the blood-brain barrier, causing sedation. Second-generation H1 antihistamines are less sedating and highly H1 selective. First- and second-generation H1 antihistamines have well-documented anti-allergic and anti-inflammatory effects and are well established as first- or second-line treatments for a variety of allergic disorders including allergic rhinitis, urticaria and atopic dermatitis. First-generation drugs are also used in the treatment of vestibular disorders and can be used as sedatives, sleeping aids and anti-emetics. H2 antihistamines are widely used in the treatment of gastric acid-related disorders; however, proton pump inhibitors are becoming the drugs of first choice in some of these disorders. H3 antihistamines are expected to be of potential value in the treatment of narcolepsy, obesity, Parkinson's disease, depression, Alzheimer's disease and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Moreover, evidence from preclinical trials indicates that H4 antihistamines could be of therapeutic benefit in the management of various immune and inflammatory disorders. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Perinatal depression: Treatment options and dilemmas$$$ The treatment of depression during pregnancy and the postpartum period raises unique concerns about safety for the developing fetus and the infant. An increasing number of studies suggest adverse effects from untreated stress, anxiety and depression as well as adverse effects from antidepressant and other psychotropic medications. Even when studies suggest a lack of short-term adverse effects with some medications, the paucity of systematic longitudinal follow-up studies investigating the development of children exposed to medications during pregnancy and breastfeeding causes apprehension. This review's objective is to highlight what is currently known about the negative effects of untreated disease and exposure to psychotropic medication, the treatment dilemmas confronting women with perinatal depression and issues that future studies should address so that a woman with perinatal depression can make an optimally informed decision. © 2008 Canadian Medical Association. ER  - 
Mechanisms of action of the mood stabilizer valproate: A focus on GSK-3 inhibition$$$ Valproate is the most widely prescribed antiepileptic drug worldwide, and it is also used in the treatment of bipolar affective disorder, migraine headache and cancer. However, the therapeutic mechanism of action of valproate in these illness states is not understood. This article reviews the pharmacological effects of valproate that may explain its therapeutic efficacy. It focuses on the hypothesis that inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase-3 by valproate is a crucial therapeutic mechanism of this drug in the treatment of bipolar affective disorder. Other cellular pathways and signaling molecules that are targets of valproate (such as inositol de novo blosynthesis, histone deacetylase, protein kinase C, γ-aminobutyric acid, the extracellular signal-regulated kinase pathway and others) are also discussed. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Topiramate in older patients with partial-onset seizures: A pilot double-blind, dose-comparison study$$$ Purpose: Pharmacokinetics of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) can be altered by age-related changes in physiology, thereby altering clinical effects, especially tolerability, in older adults. We compared two dosages of topiramate (TPM) in a pilot study of patients ≥60 years of age with partial-onset seizures. Methods: In this 24-week, double-blind, randomized, parallel-group study, patients with one or more seizures in previous 6 months were randomized to treatment with 50 or 200 mg/day TPM. TPM was initiated as monotherapy or added to one AED and titrated by 25 mg/day per week to target or maximum tolerated dose as the concomitant AED, if any, was withdrawn. Results: Thirty-eight patients were randomized to the 50 mg/day TPM (mean age, 68 years) and 39-200 mg/day TPM (69 years). Seizure control was similar with the two dosages when TPM could be used as monotherapy, whereas 200 mg TPM was more effective than 50 mg in patients requiring adjunctive therapy. The overall incidence of adverse events was similar for the two dosages - 66% with 50 mg and 62% with 200 mg TPM. Most common adverse events were somnolence (TPM 50, 13%; TPM 200, 8%), dizziness (13% vs. 8%), and headache (13% vs. 5%). Of 10 (13%) patients reporting a cognitive-related adverse event, six patients were assigned to the 50-mg group. A total of 14 patients (18%; seven in each group) discontinued TPM due to adverse events. Conclusions: This pilot study supports the practice of using low-to-moderate dosages of AEDs in older adults. © 2008 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Improvements in Health-Related Quality of Life Among School-Based Health Center Users in Elementary and Middle School$$$ Objective: To examine the role of school-based health centers (SBHCs) on changes in student health-related quality of life (HRQOL) over a 3-year period among elementary and middle school students. Methods: Design: Three-year longitudinal prospective study. Setting: Four elementary schools with newly implemented SBHCs and 4 elementary comparison schools matched for rural/urban and state, percentage of nonwhite students, and percentage of free or reduced-price lunch-eligible students. Participants: Randomly selected student-parent dyads (n = 579) who responded in all 3 years from 4 intervention schools and 4 comparison schools randomly selected from school enrollment lists. Students in intervention schools were further divided into SBHC users and nonusers. Intervention: SBHC. Measures: The outcome, HRQOL, was measured annually by student self-reported and parent proxy-reported scores using the PedsQL 4.0. School covariates included region and state; individual covariates included child age, gender, race, health insurance, chronic health conditions, family income, and parental marital status. Results: Adjusting for school- and individual-level covariates, there was a significant improvement in student-reported HRQOL over the 3 years for the SBHC user group compared with the comparison school group. Other significant predictors of student-reported HRQOL included student age, gender, health insurance, and household income. There were no differences across groups by using parent proxy reports of HRQOL. Conclusions: The SBHC model of health care delivery improves student-reported HRQOL among younger, elementary, and middle school children. Moreover, it appears to have more influence on those children that generally have impeded access to care and who can most benefit from it, specifically those without private health insurance and with lower income levels. © 2008 Academic Pediatric Association. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of essential thrombocythemia$$$ Background: The natural history of essential thrombocythemia is characterized by an increased incidence of thrombotic and hemorrhagic events and, in the long-term, a tendency for disease transformation to myelofibrosis or acute leukemia. Advanced age and a prior history of thrombosis are the major predictors of thrombotic complications. Objective: The aim of this study was to outline the current evidence and the authors' opinion regarding the clinical management of patients with essential thrombocythemia. Methods: The study reviewed the pertinent literature addressing the management options for essential thrombocythemia patients. Results/conclusions: Cytoreductive agents can reduce the rate of thrombotic events, but do not affect the overall survival or rate of disease transformation. Thus, a risk-adapted strategy is recommended for the management of patients with essential thrombocythemia. High-risk patients with essential thrombocythemia should be treated with cytoreductive therapy and low-dose aspirin. Hydroxycarbamide is the agent of choice in most patients: however, interferon-α is a reasonable alternative in young patients, pregnancy or those intolerant of hydroxycarbamide. Low-risk patients can be safely observed. The management of intermediate-risk patients needs to be individualized: however, low-dose aspirin can be used after excluding acquired von Willebrand's disease. In the future we await the role of molecularly targeted therapy with JAK2 inhibitors in high-risk essential thrombocythemia patients. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Update on pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic therapies for smoking cessation$$$ OBJECTIVE To review the evidence on the efficacy and safety of pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic therapies for smoking cessation. QUALITY OF EVIDENCE MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews were searched for randomized controlled trials, meta-analyses, and systematic reviews (level I evidence) pertinent to pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic smoking cessation therapies. MAIN MESSAGE Pharmacologic smoking cessation aids are recommended for all smokers trying to quit, unless contraindicated. A new pharmacologic smoking cessation aid, varenicline, is now available in Canada. Level I evidence at 1-year follow-up indicates that it is effective for smoking cessation. Adverse effects include nausea, insomnia, and abnormal dreaming. Nausea is mild or moderate and decreases over time. Varenicline is more effective than placebo or bupropion. Counseling also increases the likelihood of achieving cessation. CONCLUSION Preliminary data indicate that varenicline is more effective than other available pharmacologic smoking cessation aids. Pharmacologic therapy should be combined with nonpharmacologic therapy. ER  - 
Topiramate monotherapy in the treatment of newly or recently diagnosed epilepsy$$$ Background: The efficacy of topiramate (TPM) as an adjunctive treatment for epilepsy has been established in placebo-controlled clinical trials. Clinical trials of antiepileptic monotherapy usually evaluate low and high doses of study drug or compare study drug with another active agent. Objective: This article reviews available evidence for the use of TPM as monotherapy in patients with newly or recently diagnosed epilepsy. Methods: A search of MEDLINE, EMBASE, BIOSIS, SCISEARCH, and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (all years) for reports of controlled trials of TPM monotherapy in patients with recently diagnosed (within the previous 3 years) epilepsy was conducted in January 2008 using the terms topiramate, epilepsy, newly diagnosed, recently diagnosed, and monotherapy. Identified trials were included in the review if they were published in peer-reviewed journals and enrolled ≥20 patients. Results: Three randomized, double-blind, controlled trials met the criteria for inclusion in the review. In a comparison of TPM 50 and 500 mg/d, the higher dose was associated with significantly greater freedom from seizures at 6 months compared with the lower dose (54% vs 39%, respectively; P = 0.02). The time to first seizure was significantly associated with mean plasma TPM concentrations (P = 0.015). In a comparison of TPM 50 and 400 mg/d, the time to first seizure was significantly longer with the higher dose compared with the lower dose (P<0.001, Kaplan-Meier analysis), and the probability of 12-month seizure freedom was significantly higher (76% vs 59%, respectively; P = 0.001). Again, the time to first seizure was significantly associated with mean plasma TPM concentrations (P = 0.029). In a comparative study of TPM 100 and 200 mg/d, carbamazepine 600 mg/d, and valproate 1250 mg/d, there was no significant difference in rates of 6-month seizure freedom with TPM 100 and 200 mg/d (49% and 44%, respectively), carbamazepine (44%), and valproate (44%). Adverse events in the 3 studies were similar between TPM dose groups, although the incidence generally increased with increasing doses, occurred early in treatment, and decreased with prolonged therapy. In a pooled analysis of the 3 trials, the most commonly occurring adverse events during dose titration were paresthesia (25%), fatigue (16%), dizziness (13%), somnolence (13%), and nausea (10%); the most frequent adverse events during maintenance therapy were headache (20%), decreased appetite (11%), and weight loss (11%). Conclusion: In the 3 studies reviewed, TPM monotherapy was effective and generally well tolerated in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy. © 2008 Excerpta Medica Inc. ER  - 
Treatment of chronic hepatitis B virus infection - Dutch national guidelines$$$ The development of this guideline was initiated and coordinated by the Netherlands Association of Gastroenterologists and Hepatologists (Nederlandse Vereniging van Maag-Darm-Leverartsen). The aim is the establishment of national standards in the evaluation and antiviral treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection. This includes recommendations on the initial evaluation of patients, choice and duration of antiviral therapy, follow-up after antiviral therapy and monitoring of patients not currently requiring antiviral therapy. The initial evaluation of chronic HBV-infected patients should include testing of liver biochemistry, virus serology and abdominal imaging. In patients without cirrhosis, antiviral treatment is recommended for those with a serum HBV DNA of at least 1.0 × 105 c/ml (≥2.0 × 104 IU/ml) in combination with: a) elevation of serum alanine aminotransferase (ALAT) level above twice the upper limit of normal during at least three months, and/or b) histological evidence of porto-portal septa or interface hepatitis on liver histology. In patients with cirrhosis, antiviral treatment is recommended if serum HBV DNA is 1.0 × 104 c/ml (≥2.0 × 103 IU/ml) or higher, independent of ALAT levels or histological findings. If the patient has decompensated cirrhosis, antiviral treatment is recommended if serum HBV DNA is 1000 c/ml (≥200 IU/ml) or higher. Patients who do not have an indication for antiviral treatment should be monitored because there is a risk of (re)activation of disease activity. Monitoring every three to six months is recommended for HBeAg-positive and HBeAg-negative patients with high viraemia (HBV DNA ≥1.0 × 105 c/ml or ≥2.0 × 104 IU/ml) and normal ALAT levels. For patients with serum HBV DNA below 1.0 × 105 c/ml (<2.0 × 104 IU/ml) the recommended frequency of monitoring is every three to six months for HBeAg-positive patients and every six to 12 months for HBeAg-negative patients. Peginterferon (PEG-IFN) therapy should be considered as initial therapy in both HBeAg-positive and HBeAg-negative patients without contraindications for treatment with this drug because of the higher chance of achieving sustained response compared with nucleos(t)ide analogue therapy. In patients starting nucleos(t)ide analogue therapy, the use of lamivudine is not preferred if long-term antiviral treatment is expected due to the high risk of antiviral resistance against this drug. Of the currently licensed nucleos(t)ide analogues, entecavir has the lowest risk of antiviral resistance (compared with lamivudine, adefovir and telbivudine), while suppression of viral replication seems most profound with either entecavir or telbivudine. The recommended duration of treatment with PEG-IFN is one year for both HBeAg-positive and HBeAg-negative patients. In HBeAg-positive patents, nucleos(t)ide analogue therapy should at least be continued until HBeAg seroconversion and a decline in HBV DNA to below 400 c/ml (80 IU/ml) has been achieved and maintained for six months during therapy. Whether nucleos(t)ide analogue therapy can be safely discontinued in HBeAg-negative patients is unknown; usually prolonged or indefinite antiviral treatment is necessary. Patients receiving PEG-IFN should be monitored once a month, while three monthly monitoring suffices for those receiving nucleos(t)ide analogues. Genotypic analysis of the HBV polymerase is indicated if an increase in serum HBV DNA of at least 1 log10 c/ml (IU/ml) compared with the nadir value is observed during nucleos(t)ide analogue therapy. Antiviral therapy should be changed as soon as possible in case of confirmed genotypic resistance. Adding a second antiviral agent seems beneficial over switching to another agent. With the availability of multiple new antiviral drugs for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B, effective treatment is now possible for more patients and for longer periods. However, the complexity of HBV therapy has also increased. Nowadays, virtually all chronic HBV-infected patients can be effectively managed, either by inducing sustained off-treatment response or by maintaining an on-treatment response. © 2008 Van Zuiden Communications B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus infection - Dutch national guidelines$$$ The development of this guideline was initiated and coordinated by the Netherlands Association of Gastroenterologists and Hepatologists (Nederlandse Vereniging van Maag-Darm-Leverartsen). The aim is the establishment of practical guidelines in the evaluation and antiviral treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. This includes recommendations for the initial evaluation of patients, the choice and duration of antiviral therapy and the follow-up after antiviral therapy. Hepatitis C is a slowly progressive disease. The initial evaluation of chronically HCV-infected patients should include liver biochemistry testing, virological testing and abdominal ultrasound imaging. Liver biopsy is no longer a routine procedure. Antiviral treatment should be considered for all HCV-infected patients. Current antiviral treatment is a long-term process and is associated with substantial side effects. When deciding whether to start treatment or not, the chance of successful treatment (80% with hepatitis C genotype 2 and 3 and 50% with hepatitis C genotype 1 and 4), the fibrosis stage, the expected side effects and the compliance of the patient should be taken into consideration. In the absence of significant fibrosis and necroinflammation in liver biopsy, postponing treatment is an option. Current antiviral treatment is contraindicated in patients with Child-Pugh-class B or C cirrhosis. The possibility of a liver transplantation should be investigated in these patients. Significant comorbidity with a limited life expectancy is an absolute contraindication for antiviral treatment. Treatment of chronic hepatitis C consists of administration of peginterferon and ribavirin for 24 or 48 weeks. Patients with hepatitis C genotype 1 or 4 are treated for 48 weeks. Patients with hepatitis C genotype 2 or 3 are treated for 24 weeks. In patients with undetectable HCV RNA after four weeks (28 days) of treatment, a shorter treatment is equally effective (12 to 16 weeks for hepatitis C genotype 2 or 3; 24 weeks for hepatitis C genotype 1 or 4). Outpatient clinic visits are recommended at the start and after 2, 4, 8, and 12 weeks of treatment, and thereafter every four to six weeks until the end of treatment. It is recommended to stop treatment if the HCV RNA level has not decreased by at least 2 logIO IU/ml (c/ml) after 12 weeks of treatment or when HCV RNA is still detectable after 24 weeks of treatment. The recommended frequency of outpatient clinic visits for patients who are not being treated is once every six months in patients with cirrhosis, otherwise every 12 months. It is expected that new anti-HCV-medication (STAT-C, specifically targeted antiviral therapy for HCV) will become available in the near future. Therefore treatment of chronic HCV infection will probably be more effective in the future. © 2008 Van Zuiden Communications B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The safety of cefepime in the treatment of infection$$$ Background: Cefepime is a fourth-generation cephalosporin usually reserved for treating severe nosocomial pneumonia, as well as empirical treatment of febrile neutropenia, uncomplicated and complicated urinary tract infections, uncomplicated skin and skin structure infections, and complicated intra-abdominal infections. Objective: Since reports of neurotoxic effects and of an all-cause mortality higher with cefepime than with comparators have created some concerns regarding its safety, this paper reviews data available in the PubMed database up to December 2007 on cefepime safety. Methods: Literature data from PubMed obtained by combining cefepime and safety, or cefepime and clinical trials, were examined. Results/conclusions: Caution in the use of cefepime should be adopted until new evidence on cefepime safety is available. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of psychopharmacological agents used to treat the psychiatric sequelae of common neurological disorders$$$ Background: Psychiatric disorders and symptoms, ranging from mood dysregulation to delirium, are commonly observed in many neurological disorders. These manifestations complicate the illness and worsen prognosis. Pharmacological treatment options may be limited by the primary neurological illness and side effects. Objective: This paper aims to review the safety and efficacy of pharmacological agents used to treat psychiatric manifestations of several common neurological conditions, including Alzheimer's disease (AD), post-stroke, traumatic brain injury (TBI) and epilepsy. Methods: Systematic review of the Medline database for articles published between 2000 and 2007 was done to retrieve relevant articles. Results: The paucity of controlled data on the pharmacological treatments of psychiatric manifestations of neurological conditions makes recommendations difficult. Conclusion: When secondary depression, mania, anxiety, and delirium remain after treatment of the underlying condition, clinical experience and the limited research indicates that judicious pharmacological interventions may effectively treat mood dysregulation, delirium and agitation. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
The safety of disulfiram for the treatment of alcohol and cocaine dependence in randomized clinical trials: Guidance for clinical practice$$$ Background: Disulfiram has demonstrated efficacy in six randomized clinical trials for the treatment of cocaine dependence, but is rarely used in clinical settings because of safety concerns. Objective: What are the common and serious side effects of disulfiram in cocaine-dependent individuals with and without alcohol dependence in randomized clinical trials? Methods: We located Phase I and II randomized trials that discussed the safety of disulfiram. Results/conclusions: In randomized clinical trials that eliminated subjects with serious cardiovascular, hepatic, and psychiatric disorders, the most frequent side effects of disulfiram over placebo or index groups include headaches, fatigue, sleepiness, and anxiety. Disulfiram in a dose of ≤ 250 mg/day led to only mild interactions with alcohol. When patients are screened for medical and psychiatric stability, and are evaluated for drug interactions, disulfiram has an acceptable side-effect profile for the treatment of cocaine dependence with or without alcohol dependence. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Teratogenicity of antiepileptic medications$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are frequently used to treat several conditions that are common in women of childbearing age, including epilepsy, headaches, and mood disorders. Moreover, as in the case of epilepsy and severe psychiatric disease, clinicians frequently do not have the option of stopping these medications or switching to another class of drugs. Overall, AEDs have been associated with an increased risk of major congenital malformations, minor anomalies, specific congenital syndromes, and developmental disorders seen in childhood. However, the differential effects of individual AEDs remain uncertain. Data are accumulating which strongly suggest that these risks are highest in patients receiving polypharmacy and valproate. There is also modest evidence to suggest an increased risk for phenobarbital. While other older AEDs appear to carry some teratogenic risk, there is not adequate evidence to further stratify their risk. Clinical and basic science research regarding newer AEDs suggests equivalent, if not safer, profiles compared with older AEDs, but these data are inconclusive. Management of women with epilepsy should include a discussion of these risks, prophylactic treatment with folic acid, and the minimal use of polypharmacy and valproate needed to maintain optimum seizure control. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. ER  - 
Common errors made in the diagnosis and treatment of epilepsy$$$ Learning from one's mistakes is the best learning tool in medicine and this applies as well to epilepsy. This article is a compilation of some of the frequent mistakes that are made in the evaluation and management of patients with epilepsy. It encompasses errors in the clinical diagnosis that result in the choice of the erroneous antiepileptic drug (AED), errors in the way auxiliary tests like the electroencephalogram and magnetic resonance imaging studies are ordered, mistakes in the recognition of subclinical status epilepticus, errors in the selection of AEDs, consequences of the failure to factor in the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of AEDs in the choice and dosification of medication, misconceptions on the expectations of therapeutic effect of AEDs, delay in recognition of refractory epilepsy with consequent delay in a timely identification of patients whose epilepsy can be cured with surgical treatment, and mistakes in the recognition and management of comorbid psychiatric disorders. In addition to a discussion of the reasons for the errors, the article provides practical solutions. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. ER  - 
The use of psychotropic drugs in epilepsy: What every neurologist should know$$$ Psychiatric disorders, such as mood, anxiety, attention deficit, and psychotic disorders, are among the most frequent comorbidities experienced by patients with epilepsy. While these psychiatric disorders have typically been considered as one of its complications, there is increasing evidence of a bidirectional relationship between the seizure disorder and mood and ADHD. Indeed, not only are patients with epilepsy at greater risk of developing these two disorders, but patients with mood and attention deficit disorders are at greater risk of developing epilepsy. Comorbid psychiatric disorders have a negative impact on the quality of life of patients with epilepsy. For patients with pharmacoresistant epilepsy, mood disorders are a stronger predictor of a worse perception of their quality of life than is their seizure frequency and severity. Thus, the use of psychotropic drugs is often necessary in patients with epilepsy, be they children or adults. Unfortunately, there are many misconceptions regarding the safety of psychotropic drugs, particularly of antidepressants and central nervous system stimulants, which are often erroneously thought of as being "proconvulsant." Such misconceptions have resulted in the undertreatment of psychiatric comorbidities in patients with epilepsy. This article provides a practical review of the use of antidepressants, central nervous system stimulants, and antipsychotic drugs in patients with epilepsy. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. ER  - 
Quality of life and memory after vagus nerve stimulator implantation for epilepsy$$$ Objective: This prospective, case control study evaluates quality of life (QOL), depressive affect, and memory outcomes of epilepsy patients implanted with a vagus nerve stimulator (VNS). Methods: Three groups of patients with epilepsy underwent assessment on two occasions: 1) patients with a VNS were tested before and 12 months after implantation (n = 16); 2) patients who underwent cerebral resective surgery were tested pre- and post-operatively (n = 10); and 3) patients under medical management (n = 9). Group means were compared on the QOLIE-89, Geriatric Depression Scale, Wechsler Memory Scale - III, and the Memory Observation Questionnaire. Secondary analyses calculated the reliable change index, providing information on change beyond measurement error and chance. Results: Mean ratings of QOL, depression, and memory complaints and objective memory scores remained stable or improved in all the groups. The QOL improved more after cerebral resective surgery than VNS or medication controls, but the VNS and medication control groups did not differ. In the VNS group, QOL was not related to seizure reduction. The percentage of cases showing real change in memory was equivalent across groups, except in one of eight indices (i.e., verbal recognition memory). Conclusions: This first case controlled design found that vagus nerve stimulation as an adjunctive therapy for seizure control did not change QOL, depressive affect, or objective memory scores over one-year more so than medical management alone. We point out the need for larger case control, non-industry funded investigations. ER  - 
Cyclosporine for Behçet's uveitis: Is it associated with an increased risk of neurological involvement?$$$ Objective. The immunosuppressant cyclosporine is widely used to treat Behçet's disease (BD). The aim of this study was to determine whether cyclosporine increases the risk of neurological involvement in BD. Methods. Patient files from the Ophthalmology Department for the period 2000-2005 were screened retrospectively, and the occurrence of neurological involvement and its relationship to ocular severity were evaluated. Results. A total of 454 patients with BD were seen at the Ophthalmology Department in this period, including 24 who had been referred from the Neurology Department. Excluded from the study were 47 patients who did not have uveitis and 114 patients with an inadequate follow-up. The remaining 269 patients had been treated with either cyclosporine (Group I, n=92), other immunosuppressants (Group II, n=132), or no treatment other than colchicine (Group III, n=45). Patients with neurological symptoms were sent to the Neurology Department for evaluation: 20 from Group I [10 with primary headache, 1 with depression, 1 with sinus thrombosis, and 8 with parenchymal neurological involvement (pNBD)]; 13 from Group II [10 with primary headache, 1 with premorbid epilepsy, 1 with sinus thrombosis, and 1 with pNBD]; and 5 from Group III with primary headache. The frequency of pNBD was significantly higher in Group I, and included atypical features such as seizures and MRI lesions as well as the typical symptoms of brainstem involvement and pleocytosis. Eye involvement tended to be more severe in Group I, and the difference remained significant both when milder cases were excluded from the analysis (6 vs. 0; p=0.03) and when severe cases were excluded (p=0.04). pNBD was significantly more frequent in patients on cyclosporine alone than in those receiving cyclosporine plus another agent. Conclusion. In patients with Behçet's uveitis, cyclosporine seems to be associated with an increased risk of developing pNBD, although the reason for this is unknown. A prospective trial is needed to shed light on this problem. © Copyright Clinical and Experimental Rheumatology 2008. ER  - 
Psychiatric symptoms related to the use of lamotrigine: A review of the literature$$$ Lamotrigine is an established anticonvulsant agent and also an effective maintenance therapy for bipolar disorder. In Italy it is approved for the treatment of epilepsy with partial seizures, partial seizures with secondary generalization and generalized seizures, both in monotherapy and as an add-on therapy in patients with refractory epilepsy; it is also approved for the prevention of depressive episodes in patients with bipolar disorder with a predominant depressive component. Lamotrigine is generally well tolerated; however, some psychiatric problems have been reported in patients using the drug to treat mental disorders (mainly bipolar) or epilepsy. The clinical features of these psychiatric side effects are: affective switches, full acute psychotic episodes, and hallucinations. In conclusion, lamotrigine is an effective drug, very useful in the therapy of epilepsy and mood disorders, but clinicians have to be aware of the risk that it can induce psychiatric symptoms or acute episodes. ER  - 
Lamotrigine in breast milk and nursing infants: Determination of exposure$$$ OBJECTIVE. Although lamotrigine use during pregnancy has substantially increased over the past decade secondary to accumulated reproductive safety data, systematic data on lamotrigine during breastfeeding remains sparse. We sought to characterize the determinants of lamotrigine concentrations in breast milk and nursing-infant plasma. PATIENTS AND METHODS. Women who enrolled in a prospective investigation of perinatal medication pharmacokinetics, were treated with lamotrigine, and chose to continue lamotrigine while breastfeeding were included in the analysis. Breast milk samples were collected via breast pump from foremilk to hindmilk from a single breast to determine the excretion gradient and serial samples over 24 hours to determine the time course of excretion. Paired maternal/infant plasma samples were also collected. Lamotrigine concentrations in all of the samples were determined by using high- performance liquid chromatography with ultraviolet detection. Statistical analyses of breast milk and infant plasma concentrations and their determinants were conducted. RESULTS. Thirty women and their nursing infants participated in the study, providing a total of 210 breast milk samples. The mean milk/plasma ratio was 41.3%. There was a nonsignificant trend for higher lamotrigine concentrations in breast milk 4 hours after the maternal dose. Infant plasma concentrations were 18.3% of maternal plasma concentrations. The theoretical infant lamotrigine dose was 0.51 mg/kg per day, and the relative infant lamotrigine dose was 9.2%. Mild thrombocytosis was present in 7 of 8 infants at the time of serum sampling. No other adverse events were observed or reported in the breastfed infants. CONCLUSIONS. Consistent with previous investigations of medications in breast milk, the lamotrigine milk/plasma ratio is highly variable. The rate of lamotrigine excretion into human breast milk is similar to that observed with other antiepileptic drugs. These data expand the extant literature on lamotrigine in breastfeeding and demonstrate relatively comparable nursing-infant exposure to lamotrigine compared with other antiepileptic drugs. Copyright © 2008 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Lidocaine in bronchoscopy: Practical use and allergic reactions$$$ Topical lidocaine is commonly used to obtain airway mucosal anesthesia during flexible bronchoscopy. Although its safety profile is excellent and there are few reports of adverse effects and allergies, precautions are necessary to avoid using lidocaine inappropriately and to avoid excess administration in patients at risk for lidocaine-related adverse events. The purpose of this article is to identify indication and profiles of various forms of lidocaine preparations, describe the properties of lidocaine and other topical and local anesthetics of the amide and ester groups used for bronchoscopy, to briefly identify adverse events related to toxicity and review existing literature pertaining to allergic reactions, and to discuss a practical decision-making approach to assure patient safety in case of documented or suspected lidocaine allergy. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. ER  - 
Central nervous system adverse effects of new antiepileptic drugs. A meta-analysis of placebo-controlled studies$$$ Objective: Systematic review and meta-analysis of the most frequent treatment-emergent central nervous system adverse events (CNS AEs) of new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) from double-blind, add-on, placebo-controlled studies conducted in adult epileptic patients and identification of dose-adverse effect relationships. Methods: Trial reports found by searching Medline and journals. Outcome was the number of patients complaining of treatment-emergent CNS AEs. Sixteen predefined CNS AEs were considered. Risk differences (RDs) were calculated for individual studies and summary statistics estimated using the random effect model. Predefined CNS AEs in patients treated with active drug (broken down into dose levels) or placebo were extracted and the RDs (95% CI) for CNS AEs were calculated. Results: Thirty-six suitable studies identified. No meta-analysis was possible for oxcarbazepine and tiagabine (only one study each included). For these drugs RDs were calculated from single studies. Gabapentin was significantly associated with somnolence 0.13 (0.06-0.2) and dizziness 0.11 (0.07-0.15); lamotrigine with dizziness 0.11 (0.05-0.17), ataxia 0.12 (0.01-0.24) and diplopia 0.12 (0.00-0.24); levetiracetam with somnolence 0.06 (0.01-0.11); pregabalin with somnolence 0.11 (0.07-0.15), dizziness 0.22 (0.16-0.28), ataxia 0.10 (0.06-0.14) and fatigue 0.04 (0.01-0.08); topiramate with somnolence 0.09 (0.04-0.14), dizziness 0.06 (0.00-0.11), cognitive impairment 0.14 (0.06-0.22) and fatigue 0.06 (0.01-0.12); zonisamide with somnolence 0.06 (0.02-0.11) and dizziness 0.06 (0.00-0.12). The dose-response relationship was analysed only for those CNS AEs significantly associated with the AED. Conclusions: No comparison between drugs was possible. One CNS AE was significantly more frequent for levetiracetam, two for zonisamide and gabapentin, three for lamotrigine and four for pregabalin and topiramate. © 2007 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
The role of sex steroids in catamenial epilepsy and premenstrual dysphoric disorder: Implications for diagnosis and treatment$$$ Despite our understanding of hormonal influences on central nervous system (CNS) function, there is still much to learn about the pathogenesis of menstrual cycle-linked disorders. A growing literature suggests that the influence of sex steroids on neurological and psychiatric disorders is in part mediated by an aberrant CNS response to neuroactive steroids. Although sex steroids such as estradiol, progesterone, and the progesterone derivative allopregnanolone (ALLO) influence numerous neurotransmitter systems, it is their potent effect on the brain's primary inhibitory and excitatory neurotransmitters γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and glutamate that links the study of premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) and catamenial epilepsy (CE). After providing an overview of these menstrual cycle-linked disorders, this article focuses on the preclinical and clinical research investigating the role of estradiol and progesterone (via ALLO) in the etiology of PMDD and CE. Through exploration of the phenomenological and neurobiological overlap between CE and PMDD, we aim to highlight areas for future research and development of treatments for menstrual cycle-linked neuropsychiatric disorders. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Predicting epileptic seizures with a mental simulation task: A prospective study$$$ The unpredictability of seizures is one of the most disabling aspects of epilepsy. We assessed the possibility of forecasting seizure onset by means of a behavioral task using mental simulation of biological and nonbiological movements. Four patients with epilepsy were included in a longitudinal study. In two patients with right temporal lobe epilepsy (RTLE), performance of the task changed depending on the epileptic cycle. In the preictal phase, timing precision decreased during simulation of biological movements and increased during simulation of nonbiological movements. In two other patients, the timing precision during simulation of biological movements was chronically decreased. The observed phase dependency of performance in patients with RTLE may indicate changes in brain states hours in advance of seizure onset. We suggest that our paradigm might be a simple and accurate method for the prediction of epileptic seizures. The validity of the approach for different types of epilepsy should be assessed in future studies. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Parenting stress and childhood epilepsy: The impact of depression, learning, and seizure-related factors$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate stress in parents of children with epilepsy relative to the impact of childhood depression, learning disorders, and seizure-related risk factors. Methods: Sixty-five parents and their children completed the Parenting Stress Index, Child Depression Inventory, and behavior and demographic forms. Kruska-Wallis ANOVAs and Spearman's rank correlations were used in a cross-sectional study design. Results: High levels of stress were found among the parents (45%). Overall, child depression (23%) was found to significantly increase the distress parents experienced in their role (P < 0.05). Another risk factor found to impact parenting stress was learning disabilities (P < 0.01). The seizure-related factors of polytherapy, duration, and age at onset were correlated with depression (P < 0.05). Conclusion: To effectively manage children with epilepsy, assessments of depression and learning must be considered because of their potential impact on parenting stress and the child's overall quality of life. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Fifty years of Biochemical Pharmacology: The discipline and the journal$$$ The discipline of biochemical pharmacology emerged in the late 1940s as a result of an increasing emphasis on understanding drug mechanisms at the cellular level. This research approach has contributed significantly to the development of many new drug classes including antihypertensive, antifective, cholesterol lowering, anti-inflammatory, and anticancer agents, as well as antipsychotics, antidepressants and anxiolytics. Biochemical pharmacology remains a major tool in drug discovery, being employed in the search for novel therapeutics for the above and other conditions and clinical challenges, such as neurodegenerative disorders, for the treatment of pain, and for development of agents that do not induce, or can overcome, antibiotic/antiviral resistance. Together with chemical, molecular, genetic, physiological, and clinical sciences, biochemical pharmacology will in the coming decades continue to be a critical component of the drug discovery process. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Consensus statement: The evaluation and treatment of people with epilepsy and affective disorders$$$ Affective disorders in people with epilepsy (PWE) have become increasingly recognized as a primary factor in the morbidity and mortality of epilepsy. To improve the recognition and treatment of affective disorders in PWE, an expert panel comprising members from the Epilepsy Foundation's Mood Disorders Initiative have composed a Consensus Statement. This document focuses on depressive disorders in particular and reviews the appearance and treatment of the disorder in children, adolescents, and adults. Idiosyncratic aspects of the appearance of depression in this population, along with physiological and cognitive issues and barriers to treatment, are reviewed. Finally, a suggested approach to the diagnosis of affective disorders in PWE is presented in detail. This includes the use of psychometric tools for diagnosis and a stepwise algorithmic approach to treatment. Recommendations are based on the general depression literature as well as epilepsy-specific studies. It is hoped that this document will improve the overall detection and subsequent treatment of affective illnesses in PWE. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
RNA editing of the serotonin 5HT2C receptor and its effects on cell signalling, pharmacology and brain function$$$ The process of RNA editing involves the modification of mRNA at specific sites by adenosine deaminases that act on RNA (ADAR) enzymes. By catalyzing the conversion of adenosine to inosine, these enzymes alter the way in which the mRNA is translated, and consequently alter the primary structure of the resultant proteins. The serotonin (5HT) 2C receptor (5HT2CR) is currently the only known member of the superfamily of seven transmembrane domain receptors (7TMRs) to undergo this modification, and provides a fascinating case study in the effects of such changes. Here we review the current state of knowledge surrounding the editing of the 5HT2CR, the stark differences in signalling arising due to this process, and the potential for (and difficulties in) exploiting the phenomenon for improved therapeutic intervention in various neurological disorders. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clobazam as an add-on in the management of refractory epilepsy$$$ Background: Epilepsy effects approximately 1% of the population, with up to 30% of patients continuing to have seizures despite antiepileptic drug treatment. Objectives: To assess the efficacy and tolerability of clobazam when used as an add-on therapy for patients with refractory partial onset or generalised onset seizures. Search strategy: We searched the following on 22nd March 2007: (a) The Cochrane Epilepsy Group Specialised Register; (b) The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); (c) MEDLINE; (d) EMBASE; (e) Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effectiveness (DARE); (f ) American College of Physicians Journals; (g) BIOSIS. Selection criteria: Randomised trials of add-on clobazam, with adequate methods of allocation concealment, recruiting patients with drug refractory partial or generalised onset seizures, with a minimum treatment period of eight weeks. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently selected trials for inclusion and extracted relevant data. The following outcomes were assessed: 50% or greater reduction in seizures; seizure freedom; treatment withdrawal and adverse effects. Main results: Four cross-over studies, representing 196 participants, were included. However, due to significant methodological heterogeneity and differences in outcome measures it was not possible to summarise data in a meta-analysis. Only two of the studies reported a 50% or greater seizure reduction compared to placebo; 57.7% and 52.4%. Side effects were only described in two of the studies, reportedly present in 36% and 85% of patients. Authors' conclusions: Clobazam as an add-on treatment may reduce seizure frequency and may be most effective in partial onset seizures. However, it is not clear who will best benefit and over what time-frame. A large scale, randomised controlled trial conducted over a greater period of time, incorporating subgroups with differing seizure types, is required to inform clinical practice. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Interventions for enhancing medication adherence$$$ Background: People who are prescribed self-administered medications typically take less than half the prescribed doses. Efforts to assist patients with adherence to medications might improve the benefits of prescribed medications, but also might increase their adverse effects. Objectives: To update a review summarizing the results of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions to help patients follow prescriptions for medications for medical problems, including mental disorders but not addictions. Search strategy: We updated searches of The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, CINAHL, EMBASE, International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (IPA), PsycINFO (all via OVID) and Sociological Abstracts (via CSA) in January 2007 with no language restriction. We also reviewed bibliographies in articles on patient adherence and articles in our personal collections, and contacted authors of relevant original and review articles. Selection criteria: Articles were selected if they reported an unconfounded RCT of an intervention to improve adherence with prescribed medications, measuring both medication adherence and treatment outcome, with at least 80% follow-up of each group studied and, for long-term treatments, at least six months follow-up for studies with positive initial findings. Data collection and analysis: Study design features, interventions and controls, and results were extracted by one review author and confirmed by at least one other review author. We extracted adherence rates and their measures of variance for all methods of measuring adherence in each study, and all outcome rates and their measures of variance for each study group, as well as levels of statistical significance for differences between study groups, consulting authors and verifying or correcting analyses as needed. The studies differed widely according to medical condition, patient population, intervention, measures of adherence, and clinical outcomes. Therefore, we did not feel that quantitative analysis was scientifically justified; rather, we conducted a qualitative analysis. Main results: For short-term treatments, four of ten interventions reported in nine RCTs showed an effect on both adherence and at least one clinical outcome, while one intervention reported in one RCT significantly improved patient adherence, but did not enhance the clinical outcome. For long-term treatments, 36 of 81 interventions reported in 69 RCTs were associated with improvements in adherence, but only 25 interventions led to improvement in at least one treatment outcome. Almost all of the interventions that were effective for long-term care were complex, including combinations of more convenient care, information, reminders, self-monitoring, reinforcement, counseling, family therapy, psychological therapy, crisis intervention, manual telephone follow-up, and supportive care. Even the most effective interventions did not lead to large improvements in adherence and treatment outcomes. Authors' conclusions: For short-term treatments several quite simple interventions increased adherence and improved patient outcomes, but the effects were inconsistent from study to study with less than half of studies showing benefits. Current methods of improving adherence for chronic health problems are mostly complex and not very effective, so that the full benefits of treatment cannot be realized. High priority should be given to fundamental and applied research concerning innovations to assist patients to follow medication prescriptions for long-term medical disorders. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Risk factors and mortality associated with default from multidrug-resistant tuberculosis treatment$$$ Background. Completing treatment for multidrug-resistant (MDR) tuberculosis (TB) may be more challenging than completing first-line TB therapy, especially in resource-poor settings. The objectives of this study were to (1) identify risk factors for default from MDR TB therapy (defined as prolonged treatment interruption), (2) quantify mortality among patients who default from treatment, and (3) identify risk factors for death after default from treatment. Methods. We performed a retrospective chart review to identify risk factors for default from MDR TB therapy and conducted home visits to assess mortality among patients who defaulted from such therapy. Results. Sixty-seven (10.0%) of 671 patients defaulted from MDR TB therapy. The median time to treatment default was 438 days (interquartile range, 152-710 days), and 27 (40.3%) of the 67 patients who defaulted from treatment had culture-positive sputum at the time of default. Substance use (hazard ratio, 2.96; 95% confidence interval, 1.56-5.62; P = .001), substandard housing conditions (hazard ratio, 1.83; 95% confidence interval, 1.07-3.11; P = .03), later year of enrollment (hazard ratio, 1.62, 95% confidence interval, 1.09-2.41; P = .02), and health district (P = .02) predicted default from therapy in a multivariable analysis. Severe adverse events did not predict default from therapy. Forty-seven (70.1%) of 67 patients who defaulted from therapy were successfully traced; of these, 25 (53.2%) had died. Poor bacteriologic response, <1 year of treatment at the time of default, low education level, and diagnosis with a psychiatric disorder significantly predicted death after default in a multivariable analysis. Conclusions. The proportion of patients who defaulted from MDR TB treatment was relatively low. The large proportion of patients who had culture-positive sputum at the time of treatment default underscores the public health importance of minimizing treatment default. Prognosis for patients who defaulted from therapy was poor. Interventions aimed at preventing treatment default may reduce TB-related mortality. © 2008 by the Infectious Diseases Society of America. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacological management of atypical antipsychotic-induced weight gain$$$ Excessive bodyweight gain was reported during the 1950s as an adverse effect of typical antipsychotic drug treatment, but the magnitude of bodyweight gain was found to be higher with the atypical antipsychotic drugs that were introduced after 1990. Clozapine and olanzapine produce the greatest bodyweight gain, ziprasidone and aripiprazole have a neutral influence, and quetiapine and risperidone cause an intermediate effect. In the CATIE study, the percentage of patients with bodyweight gain of >7% compared with baseline differed significantly between the antipsychotic drugs, i.e. 30%, 16%, 14%, 12% and 7% for olanzapine, quetiapine, risperidone, perphenazine (a typical antipsychotic) and ziprasidone, respectively (p < 0.001). Appetite stimulation is probably a key cause of bodyweight gain, but genetic polymorphisms modify the bodyweight response during treatment with atypical antipsychotics. In addition to nutritional advice, programmed physical activity, cognitive-behavioural training and atypical antipsychotic switching, pharmacological adjunctive treatments have been assessed to counteract excessive bodyweight gain. In some clinical trials, nizatidine, amantadine, reboxetine, topiramate, sibutramine and metformin proved effective in preventing or reversing atypical antipsychotic-induced bodyweight gain; however, the results are inconclusive since few randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials have been conducted. Indeed, most studies were short-term trials without adequate statistical power and, in the case of metformin, nizatidine and sibutramine, the results are contradictory. The tolerability profile of these agents is adequate. More studies are needed before formal recommendations on the use of these drugs can be made. Meanwhile, clinicians are advised to use any of these adjunctive treatments according to their individual pharmacological and tolerability profiles, and the patient's personal and family history of bodyweight gain and metabolic dysfunction. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychotherapeutic Benefits of Opioid Agonist Therapy$$$ Opioids have been used for centuries to treat a variety of psychiatric conditions with much success. The so-called opium cure lost popularity in the early 1950s with the development of non-addictive tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase inhibitors. Nonetheless, recent literature supports the potent role of methadone, buprenorphine, tramadol, morphine, and other opioids as effective, durable, and rapid therapeutic agents for anxiety and depression. This article reviews the medical literature on the treatment of psychiatric disorders with opioids (notably, methadone and buprenorphine) in both the non-opioid-dependent population and in the opioid-dependent methadone maintenance population. The most recent neurotransmitter theories on the origin of depression and anxiety will be reviewed, including current information on the role of serotonin, N-Methyl d-Aspartate, glutamate, cortisol, catecholamine, and dopamine in psychiatric disorders. The observation that methadone maintenance patients with co-existing psychiatric morbidity (so called dual diagnosis patients) require substantially higher methadone dosages by between 20% and 50% will be explored and qualified. The role of methadone and other opioids as beneficial psychiatric medications that are independent of their drug abuse mitigating properties will be discussed. The mechanisms by which methadone and other opioids can favorably modulate the neurotransmitter systems controlling mood will also be discussed. © 2008 by The Haworth Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of mood disorders$$$ The mood disorders - primarily major depressive disorder and bipolar affective disorder - constitute one of the world's greatest public health problems and are associated with significant reductions in productivity, health, and longevity. In addition, people who suffer from these common illnesses, along with their families and loved ones, experience an incalculable toll on quality of life. Dating to the introduction of the first effective therapies for mood disorders in the late 1950s ahd 1960s, various types of pharmacotherapy have become a mainstay for the management of mood disorders, particularly more severe, chronic, and recurrent forms or depression and most forms of bipolar disorder. This review examines recent developments in the pharmacotherapy of both forms of mood disorder, comparing the newer antidepressants such as the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors with their predecessors (the monoamine oxidase inhibitors and tricyclic antidepressants) and likewise comparing the older standard for management of bipolar disorder, lithium, with newer classes of medications, such as a selected group of anticonvulsants and the atypical antipsychotics. Although these newer classes of medications have generally improved upon the earlier treatments in terms of better tolerability and safety, there are no universally effectue pharmacologic treatments for mood disorders, and careful medical management of these medications is still warranted. Copyright © 2008 by Annual Reviews. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Potential adverse effects of bronchodilators in the treatment of airways obstruction in older people: Recommendations for prescribing$$$ Asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are common disorders that are associated with increasing morbidity and mortality in older people. Bronchodilators are used widely in patients with these conditions, but even when used in inhaled form can have systemic as well as local effects. Older people experience more adverse drug effects because of pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic changes and particularly drug-drug and drug-disease interactions. Cardiovascular disease is common in older people and β-adrenoceptor agonists (β-agonists) have inotropic and chronotropic effects that can increase arrhythmias and cardiomyopathy. They can also worsen or induce myocardial ischaemia and cause electrolyte disturbances that contribute to arrhythmias. Tremor is a well known distressing adverse effect of β-agonist administration. Long-term β-agonist use can be associated with tolerance, poor disease control, sudden life-threatening exacerbations and asthma-related deaths. Functional β2-adrenoceptors are present in osteoblasts, and chronic use of β-agonists has been implicated in osteoporosis. Inhaled anticholinergics are usually well tolerated but may cause dry mouth, which can be troublesome in older people. Pupillary dilatation, blurred vision and acute glaucoma can occur from escape of droplets from loosely fitting nebulizer masks. Although ECG changes have not been seen in randomized controlled trials of long-acting inhaled anticholinergics, supraventricular tachycardias have been observed in a 5-year randomized controlled trial of ipratropium bromide. Paradoxical bronchoconstriction can occur with inhaled anticholinergics as well as with β-agonists, but tolerance has not been reported with anticholinergics. Anticholinergic drugs also cause central effects, most notably impairment of cognitive function, and these effects have been noted with inhaled agents. Use of theophylline is limited by its adverse effects, which range from commonly occurring gastrointestinal symptoms to palpitations, arrhythmias and reports of myocardial infarction. Seizures have been reported, but are rare. Theophylline is metabolized primarily by the liver, and commonly interacts with other medications. Its concentration in plasma should be monitored closely, especially in older people. Although many clinical trials have been conducted on bronchodilators in obstructive airways disease, the results of these clinical trials need to be interpreted with caution as older people are often under-represented and subjects with co-morbidities actively excluded from these trials. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Intractable epilepsy: management and therapeutic alternatives$$$ More than half of patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy achieve complete seizure control without major side-effects. Patients who continue to have seizures after initial medical therapy should have an early and detailed assessment to confirm the diagnosis, to determine the underlying cause and epilepsy syndrome, and to choose an adequate treatment strategy. The risks and potential benefits of surgical procedures or experimental therapy have to be weighed against the chance of improvement and the potential side-effects of additional medical therapy. Surgery for temporal lobe epilepsy, the most common cause of focal epilepsy, can control seizures and improve quality of life in appropriately selected patients. However, around 20-30% of patients do not respond to medical or surgical treatment. The management of chronic intractable epilepsy requires comprehensive care to address the adverse events of medical treatment, quality of life issues, and comorbid disorders. Much research focuses on the experimental treatment options that offer hope of seizure reduction or cure. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The Poisoned Child in the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit$$$ Acutely poisoned children remain a common problem facing pediatricians working in acute care medicine in the United States and worldwide. The management of such children continues to be challenging, and their care has evolved throughout the years. The concept of gastric decontamination in acute poisoning has significantly changed over the past 10 years, and many of the previously used techniques have been abandoned or fallen out of favor for lack of evidence to their benefit or unacceptable serious risks and side effects. Supportive care continues to be the cornerstone in managing most poisoned children. Only a few patients benefit from antidotes or specific interventions. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Molecular pharmacodynamics, clinical therapeutics, and pharmacokinetics of topiramate$$$ Topiramate (TPM; TOPAMAX®) is a broad-spectrum antiepileptic drug (AED) that is approved in many world markets for preventing or reducing the frequency of epileptic seizures (as monotherapy or adjunctive therapy), and for the prophylaxis of migraine. TPM, a sulfamate derivative of the naturally occurring sugar D-fructose, possesses several pharmacodynamic properties that may contribute to its clinically useful attributes, and to its observed adverse effects. The sulfamate moiety is essential, but not sufficient, for its pharmacodynamic properties. In this review, we discuss the known pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties of TPM, as well as its various clinically beneficial and adverse effects. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Do women with epilepsy have more fear of childbirth during pregnancy compared with women without epilepsy? A case-control study$$$ Background: Although anxiety and depression in populations with epilepsy have been studied, no research on fear of childbirth in women with epilepsy have been conducted. The purposes of this study were to examine whether a significant difference occurred in fear of childbirth between pregnant women with epilepsy and pregnant healthy controls and to evaluate the most common fears. Methods: Fifty pregnant women with epilepsy and 50 pregnant women without epilepsy were assessed at a gestational age between 32 and 36 weeks of pregnancy, using two questionnaires for the measurement of fear of childbirth, an open question, and a clinical interview. Results: We found that during pregnancy, women with epilepsy experienced a significantly higher rate of fear of childbirth when compared with healthy controls, whereas after delivery, the experiences and feelings about childbirth are almost the same as those of women without epilepsy. Conclusions: Our findings signify the importance of the assessment of the fear of childbirth, especially in women with epilepsy, and the need to offer professional and ad hoc support to those who suffer from it. © 2008, Copyright the Authors. ER  - 
Reflections and speculations on refractory migraine: Why do some patients fail to improve with currently available therapies?$$$ This review considers current debate surrounding refractory migraine and poses the question, why do some patients fail to improve with currently available therapies? © 2008 the Author. ER  - 
Seizures in multiple sclerosis$$$ Seizures have long been recognized to be part of the disease spectrum of multiple sclerosis (MS). While they occur in only a minority of patients with MS, epileptic seizures can have serious consequences. The treatment of MS can be epileptogenic, and antiepileptic treatment can conversely worsen the symptoms of MS. In this article we present an overview of the current literature on the epidemiology, clinical presentation, pathology, imaging, prognosis and treatment of epileptic seizures in MS. © 2008 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Update on obesity$$$ Endocrinologists have unique skills in evaluating and caring for patients with metabolic diseases. As such, they have a special role to play within the organizations in which they work as leaders in the approach to managing obese patients. Recent epidemiological data demonstrate that the prevalence of obesity is beginning to plateau. However, the rate of severe obesity in adults and the prevalence of overweight among children continue to grow, suggesting that in the future there will be an increasing burden of obesity-related illnesses. A number of recent studies have identified a number of novel mechanisms that predispose to obesity including several newly identified genes, the role of intestinal microflora, and even social networks. The selection of treatment for obese patients remains a complex issue. Recent studies demonstrate that a range of dietary approaches including the Atkins diet can provide modest weight loss, although the key feature appears to be adherence in the dietary strategy. High levels of physical activity appear to be necessary to maintain a reduced state, although modest increases in activity improve fitness. Although the new understanding of biology of weight regulation has provided a wide range of potential drug targets, available pharmacotherapy options remain limited although a number of potential targets show promise. Recent data provides the most enthusiasm for surgical treatment of obesity. Several recent studies demonstrate a reduction in mortality and dramatic benefits in diabetes in obese patients treated surgically. Questions remain as to the best surgical approach and the cost effectiveness. Research advances in obesity continue to move at a rapid pace and raise hopes for more effective management strategies in the future. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Brain stimulation techniques for the treatment of depression and other psychiatric disorders$$$ Objective: The aim of this paper was to review the development of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), vagal nerve stimulation (VNS), deep brain stimulation (DBS) and other recent brain stimulation techniques for their potential use in the treatment of a range of psychiatric disorders. Conclusions: A considerable number of studies have been conducted to investigate the efficacy of rTMS. Although there are considerable problems with this research base, globally the studies suggest that rTMS has antidepressant efficacy. However, more research is required to define the most effective way of applying this technique. There is a much smaller research base supporting the use of VNS and to date the research suggests that only a minority of patients benefit from this procedure. Considerably more research is required in the use of the other techniques which at this stage have been tested only to a very small degree. It is likely that one, and possibly a number, of the new brain stimulation techniques will become available clinically in the psychiatric armamentarium in the coming years. However, considerable research is still required to establish efficacy and define the appropriate place in clinical practice for these treatment approaches. ER  - 
Medically serious adverse effects of newer antidepressants$$$ Although safer than tricylic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase inhibitors, the newer antidepressants may be associated with certain medically serious adverse effects, of which cardiovascular adverse effects, seizures, abnormal bleeding, hyponatremia, and agranulocytosis are discussed in this review. Data regarding the incidence and risk factors are summarized, and strategies for reducing the risk of these adverse effects and managing them are suggested. Identification of risk factors, appropiate antidepressant choice, and, when possible, careful monitoring may substantially reduce the incidence of these adverse effects and the morbidity associated with them. Copyright © 2008 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy and its different indications$$$ In spite of recent developments in the pharmacotherapy of depressive disorders, the delay until clinical improvement can be achieved, and the considerable rate of non-response and nonremission, are major problems which remain unresolved. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a nonpharmacologic biological treatment which has been proven to be a highly effective treatment option, predominantly for depression, but also for schizophrenia and other indications. Though there is a lack of controlled investigations on long-term treatments, ECT can also be used for relapse prevention during maintenance therapies. The safety and tolerability of electroconvulsive treatment have been enhanced by the use of modified stimulation techniques and by progress in modern anesthesia. Thus, today a safe treatment can also be offered to patients with higher somatic risks. ECT still represents an important option, especially in the therapy of treatment-resistant psychiatric disorders after medication treatment failures. Earlier consideration of ECT may reduce the rate of chronic and difficult-to-treat psychiatric disorders. © 2008, LLS SAS. ER  - 
Fatal neuropsychiatric adverse reactions to oseltamivir: Case series and overview of causal relationships$$$ Background: Infection-associated encephalopathies such as Reye's syndrome have been one of the major public health problems in many countries. The not dissimilar neuropsychiatric adverse reactions, including deaths, observed with Tamiflu (oseltamivir phosphate: OP) have been another current problem especially in Japan. Methods: Among the cases with neuropsychiatric adverse reactions to Tamiflu on which I was consulted, those cases in which medical charts, autopsy records and/or prescription certificates were available were analyzed and described. In order to obtain a complete view of the spectrum of neuropsychiatric adverse reactions attributed to Tamiflu and of existing knowledge of the causal relationship, adverse reaction case reports and accounts of personal experiences were collected using PubMed, Japonica Centra Revuo Medicina, the websites of MHLW, PMDA and FDA and other Internet sources. Information on animal toxicity and clinical trial findings was derived from the texts of the officially approved data sheet for Tamiflu. Results and discussion: This paper reports eight cases in total: five of these died and three survived. Two died as a result of accidents resulting from abnormal behaviour. Three others died suddenly during sleep (two infants and one adult). One of the infants and the adult were found at autopsy to have severe lung oedema. A 14-year-old boy experienced agitation, cyanosis, loss of consciousness and seizures but recovered completely, while a 10-month-old girl showed retarded development and mental retardation after initially appearing to recover from the acute event involving loss of consciousness and seizure. A 15-year-old boy had a delayed onset of complications but developed prolonged neuropsychiatric adverse reactions after taking an almost complete course of Tamiflu; in this case the symptoms lasted for two weeks. Following our review of known clinical cases of this type, which included 80 fatalities (among them 50 instances of sudden death and 8 cases of accidental death consequential upon abnormal behaviour, and in the light of our study of animal experiments and the latest laboratory findings, we propose to classify adverse reactions to Tamiflu as follows: (1) Sudden onset adverse reactions typically occurring after taking one or two doses of Tamiflu; these result from the central nervous system suppressant action of oseltamivir, a pro-drug of oseltamivir carboxylate (OCB: an active metabolite). The group includes cases of sudden death during sleep or associated with respiratory suppression, sudden onset of abnormal behaviour and occurrence of other neuropsychiatric disorders having an acute onset but a short duration. (2) Delayed onset adverse reactions occurring after taking several doses or a full course of Tamiflu, probably caused by OCB. Examples include delayed onset neuropsychiatric reactions with prolonged duration, pneumonia, sepsis, bleeding and hyperglycemia. (3) Allergic and miscellaneous reactions involving various organs. The mechanisms underlying the adverse reactions to oseltamivir and the causal relationships may be summarized as follows: (1) Oseltamivir has a depressant effect on the central nervous system (CNS); the signs, symptoms and pathological findings are similar to those induced by hypnotics and sedatives (decreased body temperature, decreased spontaneous movements, slow/irregular breathing, cyanosis and pulmonary oedema). Severe sequels may reflect delayed neuronal damage resulting from temporary cardiopulmonary arrest. (2) Abnormal behaviour, delirium, hallucinations and even suicide could be the consequences of disinhibition or loss of control induced by the CNS depressant effect. (3) Delayed onset reactions to Tamiflu may be related to its inhibitory action on sialidase (neuraminidase), a key enzyme for antiviral activity and involved in a wide variety of mammalian physiological processes including immune functions, cell apoptosis and glucose metabolism reflecting its ability to influence the conformation of glycoproteins and gangliosides that are important components of cell structure and function. Conclusion: Three sudden deaths during sleep and two near deaths with or without sequels, as well as two deaths from accidents resulting from abnormal behaviour in older children and adolescents shortly after taking Tamiflu are probably related to the central depressant action of oseltamivir. Late onset neuropsychiatric symptoms after taking a full dose of Tamiflu, which we observed in one case, may be related to the inhibition of human neuraminidase by OCB, an active metabolite of Tamiflu. © 2008 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Primary brain tumors in adults$$$ Primary malignant brain tumors account for 2 percent of all cancers in U.S. adults. The most common malignant brain tumor is glioblastoma multiforme, and patients with this type of tumor have a poor prognosis. Previous exposure to high-dose ionizing radiation is the only proven environmental risk factor for a brain tumor. Primary brain tumors are classified based on their cellular origin and histologic appearance. Typical symptoms include persistent headache, seizures, nausea, vomiting, neurocognitive symptoms, and personality changes. A tumor can be identified using brain imaging, and the diagnosis is confirmed with histopathology. Any patient with chronic, persistent headache in association with protracted nausea, vomiting, seizures, change in headache pattern, neurologic symptoms, or positional worsening should be evaluated for a brain tumor. Magnetic resonance imaging is the preferred initial imaging study. A comprehensive neurosurgical evaluation is necessary to obtain tissue for diagnosis and for possible resection of the tumor. Primary brain tumors rarely metastasize outside the central nervous system, and there is no standard staging method. Surgical resection of the tumor is the mainstay of therapy. Postoperative radiation and chemotherapy have improved survival in patients with high-grade brain tumors. Recent developments in targeted chemotherapy provide novel treatment options for patients with tumor recurrence. Primary care physicians play an important role in the perioperative and supportive treatment of patients with primary brain tumors, including palliative care and symptom control. Copyright © 2008 American Academy of Family Physicians. ER  - 
Atypical early-onset Alzheimer's disease caused by the Iranian APP mutation$$$ Background: Approximately 1% of all cases of Alzheimer's disease are inherited autosomal dominantly, and to date, three causative genes have been found, the Presenilin 1 (PSEN1) gene, the Presenilin 2 (PSEN2) gene and the Amyloid precursor protein (APP) gene. We describe atypical phenotypic features in a family with a pathogenic APP gene mutation and discuss possible explanations for these atypical features. Methods and results: We report a family with a history of dementia compatible with autosomal dominant transmission. The disease course in the proband was not typical for Alzheimer's disease as the diagnosis was preceded by 8 years of an isolated amnesia. Further, the proband had epilepsy with complex partial seizures and central degenerative autonomic failure as determined by clinical physiology. Sequencing the three known causative Alzheimer genes revealed a pathogenic missense mutation, APP Thr714Ala (the Iranian mutation). Conclusions: The atypical clinical phenotype with long prodromal phase, autonomic failure and seizures in this new proband with the APP Thr714Ala mutation illustrates the clinical heterogeneity in families with identical pathogenic mutations. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Preventive antibacterial therapy in acute ischemic stroke: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Pneumonia is a major risk factor of death after acute stroke. In a mouse model, preventive antibacterial therapy with moxifloxacin not only prevents the development of post-stroke infections, it also reduces mortality, and improves neurological outcome significantly. In this study we investigate whether this approach is effective in stroke patients. Methods: Preventive ANtibacterial THERapy in acute Ischemic Stroke (PANTHERIS) is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in 80 patients with severe, non-lacunar, ischemic stroke (NIHSS>11) in the middle cerebral artery (MCA) territory. Patients received either intravenous moxifloxacin (400 mg daily) or placebo for 5 days starting within 36 hours after stroke onset. Primary endpoint was infection within 11 days. Secondary endpoints included neurological outcome, survival, development of stroke-induced immunodepression, and induction of bacterial resistance. Findings: On intention-to treat analysis (79 patients), the infection rate at day 11 in the moxifloxacin treated group was 15.4% compared to 32.5% in the placebo treated group (p=0.114). On per protocol analysis (n=66), moxifloxacin significantly reduced infection rate from 41.9% to 17.1% (p=0.032). Stroke associated infections were associated with a lower survival rate. In this study, neurological outcome and survival were not significantly influenced by treatment with moxifloxacin. Frequency of fluoroquinolone resistance in both treatment groups did not differ. On logistic regression analysis, treatment arm as well as the interaction between treatment arm and monocytic HLA-DR expression (a marker for immunodepression) at day 1 after stroke onset was independently and highly predictive for post-stroke infections. Interpretation: PANTHERIS suggests that preventive administration of moxifloxacin is superior in reducing infections after severe non-lacunar ischemic stroke compared to placebo. In addition, the results emphasize the pivotal role of immunodepression in developing post-stroke infections. © 2008 Harms et al. ER  - 
Prevalence of mood dysfunction in epilepsy patients in Croatia$$$ Fifty consecutive and consenting epilepsy patients from the Zagreb Epilepsy Center were examined for the presence of depressive symptoms using the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). This questionnaire has been previously validated for use in the Croatian population. Mean age of the patients was 30.8±13.5 years, 60.4% were females. Majority of them were employed (72.9%) and single (62.5%), and 35.4% had a university degree. Most of them had complex partial seizures (n=40, 80%), and 6 (12%) were diagnosed with idiopathic generalized epilepsy. Assessment with the BDI showed that 33.3% of patients had recent depressive symptoms: 6.3% had mild depressive symptoms, 8.4% moderate and 18.6% severe depressive symptoms. Three patients (6.4%) attempted suicide in the past, two of them had current suicidal ideation, and all of them were severely depressed. This is the first and preliminary study assessing mood dysfunction in epilepsy patients in Croatia. Increased prevalence of depression in epilepsy patients suggests specific approach and need for early treatment. ER  - 
Many drugs require more robust evidence to establish their association with suicidal ideation and suicidality$$$ There is an association between serotonin reuptake inhibitors, atomoxetine and antiepileptic drugs and suicidal ideation and behaviour. The current evidence is less clear for other drugs. Improvements in the methodology of clinical trials would be benefical in determining the role of any given drug in causing suicidal ideation and suicidality. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacological treatment of neuropathic pain in older persons$$$ Interest and research into the mechanisms and treatment of neuropathic pain have increased during recent years, but current treatment is still far from satisfactory (Dworkin et al 2003; Attal et al 2006). The European Federation of Neurological Societies (EFNS) Task Force recently published guidelines for the pharmacological treatment of neuropathic pain (Attal et al 2006). However, no particular consideration is given as to how the recommendations are applicable to the elderly population. This paper will review the guidelines in relation to this population and evaluate the existing evidence relating to the use of these drugs in older persons. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The neuropsychiatry of conversion disorder$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: During the past two decades there has been a relative surge of interest in conversion disorder, and a multitude of studies have emerged on the subject. With continuing developments in neuroscience - mainly brain imaging - new applications to conversion disorder are being reported every year. RECENT FINDINGS: Diagnosis continues to represent a challenge, although neurological signs are increasingly being developed and validated to assist with this. Psychiatric co-morbidity diagnosed according to operational criteria is common. Brain imaging studies have brought some clues to understanding the pathophysiology of conversion disorder. SUMMARY: Evidence-based medicine requires reliable diagnostic criteria, and attempts have recently been made to validate some of the well known neurological signs of conversion disorder. From a psychiatric point of view, there is a need for greater understanding of the aetiology and mechanisms underlying conversion disorder and its relationship to other psychiatric disorders. Although advances have been made both in diagnostic methods and in the groundwork for a neurobiological model, no clear rationale for treatment is yet available and further research is strongly needed. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Medical disorders in people with recurrent depression$$$ Background: Few studies have examined the rates of physical disorders in those with recurrent depression. Aims: To examine self-reported physical disorders in people with recurrent depression compared with a psychiatrically healthy control group. Method: As part of a genetic case-control association study, 1546 participants with recurrent depression and 884 controls were interviewed about lifetime ever treatment for 16 different physical health disorders. Results: The cases group had a significantly higher frequency of 14 physical disorders and more obesity than the control group. After controlling for age, gender, body mass index (BMI) and multiple testing, those in the cases group had significantly higher rates of gastric ulcer, rhinitis/hay fever, osteoarthritis, thyroid disease, hypertension and asthma. Conclusions: People with recurrent depression show high rates of many common physical disorders. Although this can be partly explained by BMI, shared aetiological pathways such as dysfunction of the hypothalamic-pituitary axis may have a role. ER  - 
Pain syndromes in the setting of haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for haematological malignancies$$$ Severe pain syndromes may be recorded during all phases of haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) for haematological malignancies: from stem cell mobilization to the long-term post transplant period. Although the major cause of pain in the setting of HSCT is injury to mucosal tissues induced by the conditioning regimen, pain from several other causes has been reported. In this paper, we review pain and its management in the setting of HSCT. ER  - 
Inositol depletion: A good or bad outcome of valproate treatment?$$$ Bipolar affective disorder is a severe and chronic disabling illness affecting 1.5% of the general population. Lithium, valproate and other mood stabilizers are used to treat bipolar disorder; however, these are ineffective for, and not tolerated by, a significant percentage of patients, underscoring the urgent need for better medications. Although not universally accepted, the inositol-depletion hypothesis is one of the main hypotheses suggested to explain the therapeutic mechanism of mood-stabilizing drugs. This paper reviews the relevance of the inositol-depletion hypothesis, paying special attention to the inhibition of inositol de novo synthesis by valproate. It also discusses inositol supplementation as a treatment strategy for multiple neurological disorders, including prophylactic use against valproate-induced neural tube defects. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Guidelines for management of ischaemic stroke and transient ischaemic attack 2008$$$ This article represents the update of the European Stroke Initiative Recommendations for Stroke Management. These guidelines cover both ischaemic stroke and transient ischaemic attacks, which are now considered to be a single entity. The article covers referral and emergency management, Stroke Unit service, diagnostics, primary and secondary prevention, general stroke treatment, specific treatment including acute management, management of complications, and rehabilitation. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
When should "chronic migraine" patients be considered "refractory" to pharmacological prophylaxis?$$$ Patients with chronic headache forms evolving from a previous episodic migraine ('chronic migraine') are often difficult to treat. In this paper we focus attention on aspects we believe important for producing a definition of "refractory" in relation to this headache form. We propose a "chronic migraine" patient should be considered "refractory" to pharmacological prophylaxis when adequate trials of preventive therapies at adequate doses have failed to reduce headache frequency and improve headache-related disability and, in patients with medication overuse, reduce the consumption of symptomatic drugs. However before a definition of "refractory" chronic migraine can become established, generally accepted diagnostic criteria and treatment guidelines for this condition need to be developed. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2008. ER  - 
Central mechanism of action of antimigraine prophylactic drugs$$$ The pathogenesis of migraine is obscure. A hyperexcitable brain state has been postulated. Cortical spreading depression (CSD) is the most suggestive argument for the brain hyperexcitability. It has been showed that valproate, topiramate, amitriptyline and propranolol inhibit CSD in rats, which suggests that most preventative treatments of migraine act by normalising neuronal firing and increasing a genetically lowered and environmentally modified threshold for neuronal discharge. It has also been suggested that some antimigraine prophylactic drugs (i.e., amitriptyline, candesartan and magnesium) may act by restoring central nociceptive dysmodulation. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2008. ER  - 
Lithium treatments: Single and multiple daily dosing$$$ Objective: To review the feasibility and effectiveness of single daily dosing of lithium in patients with affective disorder and to discuss advantages and disadvantages of this schedule of administration. Method: A comprehensive search of the literature was conducted using a combination of electronic databases and a search of reference lists and relevant journals. English-language articles were selected for the review if they discussed the issues comparing multiple and single daily dosing schedules of lithium. Results: We found 9 comparative studies. Single daily dosing of lithium causes transient higher peak lithium concentrations; however, no comparative study revealed a significant difference in side effects between multiple and single daily dosing groups. Numerous reports concluded that taking lithium in a single dose prevents, or at least limits, the increase in urine output (and the reduction of osmolality) and subsequent thirst. There is no evidence that a single lithium dosing schedule preserves glomerular function. Conclusion: According to the presented data, it could be reasonable to use lithium as a single evening dose in patients who can tolerate this schedule because no studies have suggested any benefit from administration of multiple daily doses. Possible advantages of single daily dosing, especially in improved compliance, could not be veiled by disadvantages of transient and mild postabsorptive side effects. ER  - 
Current status and the future of buccal drug delivery systems$$$ Background: The delivery of drugs through the buccal mucosa has received a great deal of attention over the last two decades, and yet there are not many buccal delivery products available on the market. Objective: This review outlines the advantages and disadvantages of buccal drug delivery, provides a historical perspective and discusses representative developmental and marketed drugs. Methods: The structure of the oral mucosa is briefly described to preface a description of the pathways for drug absorption and a critical discussion of permeation experiments. A brief historical perspective followed by a description of some of the currently marketed products provides a picture of where we are today. An indication is given of likely progress in this area and of the attributes of a successful business entity of the future. Conclusion: The authors provide an assessment of the future potential of buccal and sublingual drugs. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and thyroid function$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AED) are a heterogeneous group of compounds widely used in both adults and children. These drugs are related to various adverse effects involving several organs and endocrinological and metabolic functions. In particular, relevant effects on thyroid function have been described. Subclinical hypothyroidism and alterations im thyroid hormone serum levels are reported in the literature; phenytoin, valproate and carbamazepine, in particular, seem to be involved in these alterations. The aim of this review is to analyse critically the principal alterations in thyroid function caused by AED theraphy. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
A randomised controlled trial of cognitive behaviour therapy in adolescents with major depression treated by selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. The ADAPT trial$$$ Objectives: To determine if, in the short term, depressed adolescents attending routine NHS Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS), and receiving ongoing active clinical care, treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) plus cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) compared with SSRI alone, results in better healthcare outcomes. Design: A pragmatic randomised controlled trial (RCT) was conducted on depressed adolescents attending CAMHS who had not responded to a psychosocial brief initial intervention (BII) prior to randomisation. Setting: Six English CAMHS participated in the study. Participants: A total of 208 patients aged between 11 and 17 years were recruited and randomised. Interventions: All participants received active routine clinical care in a CAMHS outpatient setting and an SSRI and half were offered CBT. Main outcome measures: The duration of the trial was a 12-week treatment phase, followed by a 16-week maintenance phase. Follow-up assessments were at 6, 12 and 28 weeks. The primary outcome measure was the Health of the Nation Outcome Scales for Children and Adolescents (HoNOSCA). Secondary outcome measures were self-report depressive symptoms, interviewer-rated depressive signs and symptoms, interviewer-rated psychosocial impairment and clinical global impression of response to treatment. Information on resource use was collected in interview at baseline and at the 12- and 28-week follow-up assessments using the Child and Adolescent Service Use Schedule (CA-SUS). Results: Of the 208 patients randomised, 200 (96%) completed the trial to the primary end-point at 12 weeks. By the 28-week follow-up, 174 (84%) participants were re-evaluated. Overall, 193 (93%) participants had been assessed at one or more time points. Clinical characteristics indicated that the trial was conducted on a severely depressed group. There was significant recovery at all time points in both arms. The findings demonstrated no difference in treatment effectiveness for SSRI + CBT over SSRI only for the primary or secondary outcome measures at any time point. This lack of difference held when baseline and treatment characteristics where taken into account (age, sex, severity, co-morbid characteristics, quality and quantity of CBT treatment, number of clinic attendances). The SSRI + CBT group was somewhat more expensive over the 28 weeks than the SSRI-only group (p = 0.057) and no more cost-effective. Over the trial period there was on average a decrease in suicidal thoughts and self-harm compared with levels recorded at baseline. There was no significant increase in disinhibition, irritability and violence compared with levels at baseline. Amund 20% (n = 40) of patients in the trial were non-responders. Of these, 17 (43%) showed no improvement by 28 weeks and 23 (57%) were considered minimally (n = 10) or moderately to severely worse (n = 13). Conclusions: For moderately to severely depressed adolescents who are non-responsive to a BII, the addition of CBT to fluoxetine plus routine clinical care does not improve outcome or confer protective effects against adverse events and is not cost-effective. SSRIs (mostly fluoxetine) are not likely to result in harmful adverse effects. The findings are broadly consistent with existing guidelines on the treatment of moderate to severe depression. Modification is advised for those presenting with moderate (6-8 symptoms) to severe depressions (>8 symptoms) and in those with either overt suicidal risk and/or high levels of personal impairment. In such cases, the time allowed for response to psychosocial interventions should be no more than 2-4 weeks, after which fluoxetine should be prescribed. Further research should focus on evaluating the efficacy of specific psychological treatments against brief psychological intervention, determining the characteristics of patients with severe depression who are non-responsive to fluoxetine, relapse prevention in severe depression and improving tools for determining treatment responders and non-responders. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2008. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The Pharmacotherapy of Chronic Pain$$$ Most patients with rheumatic diseases experience difficulties with chronic pain. To assist clinicians in directly addressing this pain, this article presents a treatment approach and algorithm based on best evidence. The usual approach for mild to moderate pain is to start with a nonopioid analgesic. If this is inadequate or poorly tolerated, and if there is an element of sleep loss, it is then reasonable to add an antidepressant with analgesic qualities. If there is a component of neuropathic pain or fibromyalgia, then a trial of one of the gabapentinoids is appropriate. If these steps are inadequate, then an opioid analgesic may be added. For moderate to severe pain, one would initiate a trial of chronic opioid earlier. Cannabinoids and topicals may also be appropriate as single agents or in combination. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Opioids for Nonmalignant Pain$$$ Pain is the most common symptom in the world for which patients seek professional help. Opioids offer an appropriate and safe treatment for some but not all patients with nonmalignant chronic pain. Potential risks, including drug abuse and intolerable side effects, appear to be manageable or even preventable in most cases. Patients with persistent rheumatic pain who have failed traditional treatments should be considered for long-acting opioids. Opioids are best administered in the framework of weighing the good against the bad in each patient, recognizing the potential morbidity and sometimes mortality in untreated patients who have severe and disabling pain daily. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric involvement in systemic lupus erythematosus: Current therapeutic approach$$$ The involvement of the central nervous system (CNS) is one of the major causes of morbidity and mortality in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients and the less understood aspect of the disease. Its recognition and treatment continue to represent a major diagnostic and therapeutic challenge. Due to the lack of controlled randomized trials, current therapeutic approach is still empirical and based on clinical experience. The therapeutic choice depends on accurate diagnosis, identification of underlying pathogenic mechanism, severity of the presenting neuropsychiatric symptoms, and an prompt identification and management of contributing causes of CNS disease. Mild neuropsychiatric manifestations may need symptomatic treatment only. In more severe CNS disease it is important to distinguish between thrombotic and non-thrombotic mechanisms. Focal CNS manifestations, particularly TIA and stroke, are associated with the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL). Anticoagulation is warrantd in patients with thrombotic disease, particularly in those with the antiphospholipid (Hughes) syndrome (APS). Other CNS manifestations, such as demyelinating syndrome, transverse myelitis, chores, seizures, migraine and/or cognitive dysfunction, when associated with persistent positivity for aPL, may also benefit from anticoagulation in selected patients. Severe diffuse CNS manifestations, such as acute confusional state, generalised seizures, mood disorders and psychosis, generally require corticosteroids in the first instance. Pulse intravenous cyclophosphamide therapy may help when more severe manifestations are refractory to corticosteroids and other immunosuppressive agents, generally when response is not seen in 3-5 days. Plasmapheresis may also be added in severe cases of symptoms refractory to conventional treatment. Intravenous immunoglobulins, mycophenolate mofetil, rituximab, intratecal methotrexate and dexametasone deserve further studies to confirm their usefulness in the treatment of neuropsychiatric SLE. This article reviews the clinical approach to therapy in patients with SLE and neuropsychiatric involvement. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of central nervous system involvement associated with primary Sjögren's syndrome$$$ Sjögren's syndrome (SS) is a chronic autoimmune disease that mainly affects the exocrine glands and usually presents with sicca symptoms of the main mucosal surfaces. The prevalence and the type of central nervous system (CNS) tissue damage caused by SS are debatable. The wide spectrum of CNS manifestations, different classification criteria used and unclear inclusion or exclusion criteria pose some difficulty reviewing these studies. Careful examination of the SS patients and to be aware of neurological findings which may be associated with suspicious CNS involvement is highly important. Central nervous system may also hypothetically have a role in the pathophysiology of SS. The wide spectrum of CNS involvement includes focal (sensorial and motor deficits, brain stem cerebellar lesions, seizure, migraine etc.) or non-focal (encephalomyelitis, aseptic meningitis, neuropsychiatric dysfunctions), spinal cord (myclopathy, transverse myelitis, motor neuron disease etc.) findings or multiple sclerosis-like illness and optic neuritis. Evolving imaging techniques such as single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT), magnetic resonance spectroscopy or magnetization transfer imaging are promising for better understanding the nature of CNS involvement in SS. Treatments usually comprise symptomatic approach in milder cases however, pulse cyclophosphanide and steroids or other immunosuppressants (chlorambucil or azathioprine) are required in cases with progressive symptoms leading to neurological impairment. Anti-TNF agents (infliximab and etanercept) and B cell targeted therapies (rituximab and epratuzumab) are used in primary SS however their efficacy on CNS manifestation is still unclear. Randomized, multicenter studies are warranted to confirm the efficacy of treatment regimes which were reported to be effective in anecdotal reports or in small uncontrolled series. This article reviews the clinical approach to current therapy of CNS involvement in patients with primary SS. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Central nervous system involvement in pediatric rheumatic diseases: Current concepts in treatment$$$ Central nervous system (CNS) manifestations are not rare in pediatric rheumatic diseases. They may be a relatively common feature of the disease, as in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and Behçet's disease. Direct CNS involvement of a systemic rheumatic disease, primary CNS vasculitis, indirect involvement secondary to hypertension, hypoxia and metabolic changes, and drug associated adverse events may all result in CNS involvement. We have reviewed the CNS manifestations of SLE, Behçet's disease, Henoch-Schönlein purpura, polyarteritis nodosa, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, juvenile ankylosing spondylitis, familial Mediterranean fever, scleroderma, sarcoidosis, Wegener's granulomatosis, Takayasu's arteritis, CINCA syndrome, Kawasaki disease, and primary CNS vasculitis; and adverse CNS effects of anti-rheumatic drugs in pediatric patients. The manifestations are diverse; ranging from headache, seizures, chorea, changes in personality, depression, memory and concentration problems, cognitive impairment, cerebrovascular accidents to coma, and death. The value of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) examination (pleocytosis, high level of protein), auto-antibodies in serum and CSF, electroencephalography, neuroimaging with computerized tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, SPECT, PET, and angiography depends on the disease. Brain biopsy is gold standard for the diagnosis of CNS vasculitis, however it may be inconclusive in 25% of cases. A thorough knowledge of the rheumatic diseases and therapy-related adverse events is mandatory for the management of a patient with rheumatic disease and CNS involvement Severe CNS involvement is associated with poor prognosis, and high mortality rate. High dose steroid and cyclophosphamide (oral or intravenous) are first choice drugs in the treatment; plasmapheresis, IVIG, thalidomide, and intratechal treatment may be valuable in treatment-resistant, and serious cases. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Psychogenic non epileptic seizures: 33 Patients observed at the Epilepsy Center of the University of Messina$$$ 33 patients affected by psychogenic non epileptic seizures (PNES) were included in the study. They were differentiated in two groups: group 1 (19 patients with pure PNES); group 2 (14 patients with PNES and epileptic seizures). Significant differences between the two groups were: longer diagnostic delay (5,3 years) and poorer outcome (only 1 patient seizure-free) in group 2 when compared to group 1 (diagnostic delay 2.9 years, 50% of patients seizure-free at the last follow-up). ER  - 
Prevalence and follow-up analysis of evolution of severe and moderate neuropsychiatric manifestations in hospitalized systemic lupus erythematosus in the rheumatology service of the Hospital General de Fortaleza$$$ Objective: Evaluate the prevalence and therapy outcome of moderate and severe neuropsychiatric manifestations (NPM) in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus admitted at the Hospital Geral de Fortaleza. Methods: During two years, 110 patients with consecutive hospitalizations suffering from systemic lupus erythematosus, according to the American College of Rheumatology criteria, were evaluated for moderate and severe NPM. The following parameters were studied in these patients: cause of admission, presence of auto-antibodies, cerebral spinal fluid, radiological imaging, retrospective study of medical records and treatment. Results: The prevalence of NPM was 16.4% (18/110), being seventeen women and one man; the mean age was 29 years; during the hospitalization term, only 33% (6/18) of the patients had an NPM. The occurrence of the first NPM was in 11% (2/18) of the cases before diagnosis, in 33% (6/18) during diagnosis and in 56% (10/18) after diagnosis. The mortality rate was 11% (2/18). The most common NPM's were: seizures and headache (50%), psychosis (22%), cerebrovascular disease (17%), syncope and major depression (11%). Treatment outcome: 28% (5/18) of the patients responded to oral corticoids, 17% (3/18) had a pulse of methylprednisolone and 56% (10/18) were treated with cyclophosphamide. Conclusion: The prevalence of NPM in the patients of this study was on the lowest limit reported by the related literature. With no controlled clinical trials, the approach to these patients is based on case reports and the professional experience of the service. ER  - 
Early neurologic complications following coronary bypass surgery$$$ Background: Coronary artery bypass surgery is associated with central and peripheral nervous system complications in the period following surgery. Recognising these complications may help in their prevention or early treatment. Methods: We reviewed medical records of all the patients who underwent coronary artery bypass surgery at our institution over a period of two years. We studied their risk factors, reasons for surgery, operative variables, and post operative neurologic complications. Results: Of the 587 coronary artery bypass surgeries performed at our centre over a two year period. We found that 2.04% of these patients developed neurologic complication in the two weeks following the surgery. Fifty percent of these patients suffered from cerebrovascular insults and 50% suffered from cognitive decline. No patients in this group developed seizures or peripheral nerve lesions. Patients with renal failure, carotid stenosis, history of cerebral strokes, and redo coronary bypass surgery were more predisposed to develop neurologic complications after bypass surgery. Furthermore, a longer stay in the coronary care unit and the development of arrhythmias predisposed patients to neurologic complications. Mortality for patients who developed neurologic complications post bypass surgery ranged between 16.7% and 33.4%. Conclusions: Around 2% of patients who undergo coronary artery bypass surgery develop neurologic complications in the period directly after the surgery. Patients with previous history of cerebral, coronary, or carotid disease are more predisposed for such complications, as well as patients who spend more time in the intensive units after the surgery. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: Answers and questions$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) superficially resemble epileptic seizures, but are not associated with ictal electrical discharges in the brain. PNES constitute one of the most important differential diagnoses of epilepsy. However, despite the fact they have been recognized as a distinctive clinical phenomenon for centuries and that access to video/EEG monitoring has allowed clinicians to make near-certain diagnoses for several decades, our understanding of the etiology, underlying mental processes, and, subsequently, subdifferentiation, nosology, and treatment remains seriously deficient. Emphasizing the clinical picture throughout, the first part of this article is intended to "look and look again" at what we know about the epidemiology, semiology, clinical context, treatment, and prognosis of PNES. The second part is dedicated to the questions that remain to be answered. It argues that the most important reason our understanding of PNES remains limited is the focus on the visible manifestations of PNES or the seizures themselves. In contrast, subjective seizure manifestations and the biographic or clinical context in which they occur have been relatively neglected. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Modern management of epilepsy: A practical approach$$$ The epilepsies are among the most common serious brain disorders, can occur at all ages, and are characterized by a variety of presentations and causes. Diagnosis of epilepsy remains clinical, and neurophysiological investigations support the diagnosis of the syndrome. Brain imaging is able to identify many of the structural causes of the epilepsies. Current antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) block seizures without influencing the underlying tendency to generate seizures, and are effective in 60-70% of individuals. Several modern drugs are as efficacious as the older medications, but have important advantages including the absence of adverse drug interactions and hypersensitivity reactions. Epilepsy is associated with an increased prevalence of mental health disorders including anxiety, depression, and suicidal thoughts. An understanding of the psychiatric correlates of epilepsy is important to the adequate management of people with epilepsy. Anticipation of common errors in the diagnosis and management of epilepsy is important. Frequent early diagnostic errors include nonepileptic psychogenic seizures, syncope with myoclonus, restless legs syndrome, and REM behavioral disorders, the last mostly in elderly men. Overtreatment with too rapid titration and too high doses or too many AEDs should be avoided. For people with refractory focal epilepsy, vagus nerve stimulation offers palliative treatment with possible mood improvement and neurosurgical resection offers the possibility of a life-changing cure. Potential advances in the management of epilepsy are briefly discussed. This short review summarizes the authors' how-to-do approach to the modern management of people with epilepsy. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The effect of pharmacotherapy for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder on risk of seizures in pediatric patients as assessed in an insurance claims database.$$$ PURPOSE: To estimate the rate of new-onset seizure in ADHD patients in relation to ADHD pharmacotherapy. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study of 34,727 patients, ages 6 to 17, with at least two insurance claims bearing ADHD diagnoses during 2003 in the UnitedHealthcare database. Incidence of seizure was calculated for observation time during treatment with atomoxetine and stimulants/bupropion. RESULTS: Seizure incidence among ADHD patients was 4.5/1,000 person-years (p-y; 95% confidence interval 3.7 - 5.5). ADHD patients who received any ADHD medication had an incidence of 3.8/1,000 p-y (3.0 - 4.8) compared to 8.7 (5.8 - 12.4) for patients who did not receive any ADHD medication. The relative risk (RR) for current vs non-use of atomoxetine was 1.1 (0.6 - 2.1). For stimulants and bupropion, the RR for current vs non-use was 0.8 (0.6 - 1.3). Elevated seizure risks were found in association with central nervous system (CNS) disease (OR 3.9, 1.2 - 10.9), CNS medications (OR 2.2, 1.3 - 3.6), metabolic disease (OR 2.9, 1.1 - 6.8), and psychiatric disease risk factors (OR 1.7, 1.1 - 2.6). CONCLUSIONS: In this study, there was no statistically significant association between use of atomoxetine or stimulants and seizure risk in children ages 6 to 17 years with ADHD and without prior seizure disorder. ER  - 
The use of bupropion SR in cigarette smoking cessation$$$ Cigarette smoking remains the largest preventable cause of premature death in developed countries. Until recently nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) has been the only recognised form of treatment for smoking cessation. Bupropion, the first non-nicotine based drug for smoking cessation was licensed in the United States of America (US) in 1997 and in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2000 for smoking cessation in people aged 18 years and over. Bupropion exerts its effect primarily through the inhibition of dopamine reuptake into neuronal synaptic vesicles. It is also a weak noradrenalin reuptake inhibitor and has no effect on the serotonin system. Bupropion has proven efficacy for smoking cessation in a number of clinical trials, helping approximately one in five smokers to stop smoking. Up to a half of patients taking bupropion experience side effects, mainly insomnia and a dry mouth, which are closely linked to the nicotine withdrawal syndrome. Bupropion is rarely associated with seizures however care must be taken when co-prescribing with drugs that can lower seizure threshold. Also, bupropion is a potent enzyme inhibitor and can raise plasma levels of some drugs including antidepressants, antiarrhythmics and antipsychotics. Bupropion has been shown to be a safe and cost effective smoking cessation agent. Despite this, NRT remains the dominant pharmacotherapy to aid smoking cessation. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Bupropion: A review of its use in the management of major depressive disorder$$$ Bupropion is presumed to be a dopamine-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor and is an effective antidepressant. It is available as three oral formulations: (i) bupropion immediate release (IR) [Wellbutrin®] administered three times daily; (ii) bupropion sustained release (SR) [Wellbutrin SR®] administered twice daily; and (iii) bupropion extended/modified release (XR) [Wellbutrin XL®/Wellbutrin XR®] administered once daily. All three formulations are bioequivalent in terms of systemic exposure to bupropion. Oral three-times-daily bupropion IR was effective and generally well tolerated in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). It was as efficacious and as well tolerated as some tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) and the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) fluoxetine. Moreover, it was associated with less somnolence and weight gain than some TCAs. Twice-daily bupropion SR was also efficacious and generally well tolerated in the treatment of MDD. It was as effective as and had a generally similar tolerability profile to some SSRIs, but had the advantage of less somnolence and sexual dysfunction. The efficacy of bupropion XR in terms of primary efficacy measures was established in two of six well designed placebo-controlled studies. Bupropion XR also demonstrated efficacy in terms of some secondary outcomes in five of these studies. Additionally, bupropion XR was similar, in terms of the primary efficacy outcomes, to the SSRI escitalopram in two placebo-controlled trials and to the serotonin- norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) venlafaxine extended release (XR) in two trials (one of which was placebo-controlled), but not in a third placebo-controlled trial where venlafaxine XR was better than bupropion XR. It was generally as well tolerated as escitalopram and venlafaxine XR, but was associated with less sexual dysfunction than escitalopram. Available clinical data suggest that bupropion is an effective and generally well tolerated option in the treatment of MDD, with the newer formulations having the advantage of reduced frequency of daily administration. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Intramuscular aripiprazole: A review of its use in the management of agitation in schizophrenia and bipolar I disorder$$$ An intramuscular formulation of the atypical antipsychotic aripiprazole (Abilify®) has been developed and is approved in the EU for use in agitation and disturbed behaviour associated with schizophrenia. In the US, it is approved for the treatment of agitation associated with schizophrenia or bipolar I disorder (manic or mixed). In large, well designed trials, intramuscular aripiprazole was an effective and generally well tolerated treatment for agitation associated with schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, schizophreniform disorder or bipolar I disorder. Intramuscular aripiprazole was more effective than placebo in these patient populations and was noninferior to intramuscular haloperidol in those with agitation associated with schizophrenia and its related disorders. Aripiprazole is associated with a low risk for extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS), cardiac effects, hyperprolactinaemia, weight gain and other metabolic disturbances. Head-to-head trials comparing intramuscular aripiprazole with other intramuscular atypical antipsychotics are required before the relative position of each of these agents can be fully determined. In the meantime, intramuscular aripiprazole, with its favourable tolerability profile, is a valuable treatment option for agitation in patients with schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, schizophreniform disorder or bipolar I disorder. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Anticonvulsants for the treatment of behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia: A literature review$$$ Objective: To review and summarize the currently available data on the use of anticonvulsant mood stabilizers (carbamazepine, valproic acid, gabapentin, lamotrigine, topiramate) in the treatment of behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD); to determine whether these medications can be recommended for routine clinical use. Methods: Literature search in five databases (PubMed, MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsychINFO and COCHRANE collaboration) and analysis of the randomized controlled double-blinded clinical trials found therein. Results: A total of seven RCTs were identified (two for carbamazepine and five for valproate). One study showed statistically significant improvement of BPSD in the medication group in comparison to the placebo group; five studies showed no significant differences; one study showed statistically significant worsening of the symptoms in the medication group vs. placebo. The majority of the studies reported significantly more frequent adverse effects in the medication group. Conclusion: Although clearly beneficial in some patients, anticonvulsant mood stabilizers cannot be recommended for routine use in the treatment of BPSD at the present time. © 2007 International Psychogeriatric Association. ER  - 
Psychopharmacological Interventions$$$ Currently stimulants and atomoxetine are the most established treatments for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD); more than 170 controlled studies with more than 9000 subjects have documented their efficacy in 50% to 70% of subjects. Although the stimulant medications tend to show a dose-related improvement in ADHD symptoms, atomoxetine is generally dosed based on weight. The literature clearly documents that stimulants improve not only abnormal behaviors of ADHD but also self-esteem, cognition, and social and family functioning. However, efficacy varies with age and psychiatric comorbidities. Although most of the existing studies are brief, an increasing number of long-term studies have documented persistent response up to 1 and 2 years. Recent studies are extending the knowledge of treatment to younger and older subjects, women, and ethnic minorities. Cognitive and cognitive/behaviorally based psychotherapies combined with medication may play a role in treating behavioral and organizational issues and comorbid psychopathology. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Update on Pharmacologic Options for Smoking Cessation Treatment$$$ Although the proportion of the adult population in the United States that smokes has decreased steadily, the rate of successful quit attempts is still low. Smokers develop nicotine dependence that resembles other addictions, and may require multiple attempts and long-term treatment to sustain abstinence. Currently available first-line agents for smoking cessation therapy include nicotine replacement therapy, which is available in several formulations, including transdermal patch, gum, nasal spray, inhaler, and lozenge; bupropion, an atypical antidepressant; and varenicline, a partial agonist of the α4β2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor that was recently developed and approved specifically for smoking cessation therapy. Second-line agents are nortriptyline, a tricyclic antidepressant agent, and clonidine, an antihypertensive drug. With the exception of varenicline, which has been shown to offer significant improvement in abstinence rates over bupropion, all of the available treatments appear similarly effective. However, the adverse event profiles of nortriptyline and clonidine make them more appropriate for second-line therapy, when first-line treatments have failed or are not tolerated. Rimonabant, a cannabinoid-1 receptor antagonist that was being developed for smoking cessation, received a nonapprovable letter from the FDA in 2006 and there is no further information as to whether development for this indication is continuing for this agent. Nicotine vaccines are under investigation and offer promise, especially for relapse prevention. Ultimately, selection of pharmacologic agent should be based on the patient's comorbidities and preferences, as well as on the agent's adverse event profile. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Symptomatic Treatment of Huntington Disease$$$ Summary: Huntington disease (HD) is a progressive heredoneurodegenerative disease manifested by chorea and other hyperkinetic (dystonia, myoclonus, tics) and hypokinetic (parkinsonism) movement disorders. In addition, a variety of psychiatric and behavioral symptoms, along with cognitive decline, contribute significantly to the patient's disability. Because there are no effective neuroprotective therapies that delay the progression of the disease, symptomatic treatment remains the cornerstone of medical management. Several classes of medications have been used to ameliorate the various symptoms of HD, including typical and atypical neuroleptics, dopamine depleters, antidepressants, antiglutamatergic drugs, GABA agonists, antiepileptic medications, acetylcholinesterase inhibitors, and botulinum toxin. Recently, surgical approaches including pallidotomy, deep brain stimulation, and fetal cell transplants have been used for the symptomatic treatment of HD. The selected therapy must be customized to the needs of each patient, minimizing the potential adverse effects. The primary aim of this article is to review the role of the different therapies, both available and investigational, for the treatment of the motor, psychiatric, behavioral, and cognitive symptoms of HD, and to examine their impact on the patient's functionality and quality of life. © 2008 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc. ER  - 
Neuromodulators for migraine prevention$$$ Migraine is a debilitating condition characterized by a cycle of painful headaches and headache-related symptoms interspersed with periods of worry, distress, and apprehension. The negative impact of migraine on patient functioning, workplace productivity, and other daily activities has been demonstrated through the use of a variety of clinician- and patient-reported assessment tools, including the Migraine-Specific Questionnaire and the Migraine Disability Assessment questionnaire. In addition to considering the frequency and severity of migraine, clinicians need to encourage more open dialogue with their patients about the impact of this disorder on daily activities and productivity. Only then can the most appropriate course of treatment be determined. Appropriately prescribed acute and preventive therapies should break the cycle of migraine and improve the daily activities of patients with this chronic condition. Divalproex sodium and topiramate are neuromodulators that are approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the prophylaxis (prevention) of migraine headache in adults. Non-FDA-approved neuromodulators sometimes used in the management of migraine headache include gabapentin, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, and zonisamide. All medications need to be titrated, and treatment-related adverse events need to be managed appropriately. Preventive medications should be taken for at least 2-3 months to ascertain their therapeutic effect. © 2008 the Author. ER  - 
A brief review of antidepressant efficacy, effectiveness, indications, and usage for major depressive disorder$$$ OBJECTIVE: Antidepressants treat major depressive disorder (MDD) with the burden of associated side effects and difficulties with compliance. The purpose of this article is to review the efficacy and effectiveness of antidepressants for MDD. METHODS: The authors conducted a focused review of selected key issues and references relevant to the clinically relevant pharmacologic treatment of MDD. Principles of treatment are reviewed. Antidepressants reviewed include SSRIs, mixed norepinephrine or serotonin uptake inhibitors, dopamine or norepinephrine uptake inhibitors, norepinephrine uptake inhibitors, antidepressants with mixed properties, and monoamine oxidase inhibitors. Augmentation and psychotherapy strategies are reviewed. RESULTS: Antidepressant efficacy has been established in randomized clinical trials and effectiveness studies for acute and long-term treatment, but many patients do not achieve remission. Augmentation strategies and focused psychotherapy can be helpful. CONCLUSIONS: Antidepressants help most patients with MDD but some are resistant to treatment and have a difficult long-term course. ©2008The American College of Occupational and Environmental Medicine. ER  - 
How best to recognise and manage depression$$$ This is the first part of two learning point articles reviewing the management of depression. This article focuses on the principles of recognising and managing depression with a review of current antidepressants. Part two, in the next issue of Pharmacy in Practice, will focus on treatment pathways and resistant depression. At the end of each article will be 10 multiple-choice questions taken from the text to enable you to reflect on your reading. ER  - 
Escitalopram for the treatment of major depression and anxiety disorders$$$ Escitalopram is the S-enantiomer of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) citalopram, which contains equal amounts of the S- and R-forms in a racemic mixture. Escitalopram is the most selective SSRI, with almost no significant affinity to other tested receptors. It has been demonstrated that it is escitalopram that carries the therapeutic potential of citalopram, and has statistically superior and clinically relevant properties compared with citalopram. Escitalopram is at least as effective in the treatment of depression and anxiety as other SSRIs, as well as venlafaxine, bupropion and duloxetine. Owing to multiple metabolic degrading pathways, the clinically relevant interactions of escitalopram with other drugs are minimal. Compared with other antidepressants, escitalopram is generally better tolerated, its onset of action is relatively fast, and its use may have cost-effectiveness and cost-utility advantages. Escitalopram is an effective first-line option in the management of patients with major depression, including severe forms, and various anxiety disorders. © 2008 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Paroxetine$$$ Background: Paroxetine is a widely used antidepressant that has received attention regarding suicide risk in younger patients. Objective: The purpose of this paper is to review the pharmacology, efficacy and safety of paroxetine in the affective disorders. Methods: The authors performed a PubMed search for all literature in English crossing the words 'paroxetine' and 'Paxil' against the words 'serotonin transporter,' 'clinical trials,' 'depression' and 'SSRI'. A search for paroxetine-related information at the FDA website and under the clinical trial register of the GSK website were also performed. Results/conclusion: Paroxetine is a serotonin re-uptake inhibitor with good selectivity and no significant active metabolites. Paroxetine is approved (ages ≥ 18 years) for the treatment of major depressive disorder, panic disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, social anxiety disorder (social phobia), post-traumatic stress disorder, and generalized anxiety disorders. Drug - drug interactions involving the CYP enzyme system have been documented, as well as concern for increased suicidality risk in younger adults and recent FDA alerts regarding teratogenicity, serotonin syndrome and persistent pulmonary hypertension. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Psychopharmacology of aggression in children and adolescents with autism: A critical review of efficacy and tolerability$$$ Background: Autism is characterized by a clinical triad of symptoms that affect social, language, and behavioral domains. Aggression and self-injury may be associated symptoms of autism and can result in significant harm to those affected as well as marked distress for their families. The precise nature of the relationship between aggressive or self-injurious behavior (SIB) and autism remains unclear and as a result, these symptoms are treated with a broad range of pharmacological approaches. This review seeks to systematically and critically examine the evidence for the pharmacological management of aggression and SIB in children with autism spectrum disorders. Method: The entire PubMed database was searched for English language biomedical articles on clinical trials with medication in autism spectrum disorders. Studies were selected based on the following inclusion criteria: (1) randomized placebo-controlled trials; (2) a sample population that included children and adolescents; (3) at least one standardized assessment of aggression as a primary outcome measure of the study. Results: Twenty one trials with 12 medications were identified. Five medications produced significant improvement as compared to placebo, including tianeptine, methylphenidate, risperidone, clonidine, and naltrexone. Only risperidone and methylphenidate demonstrate results that have been replicated across at least two studies. Conclusions: Although many medications have been studied under placebo-controlled conditions, few produce significant improvement. Additional placebo-controlled trials are needed to increase the number of therapeutic options available in the treatment of aggression in autism. © 2008 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Current and future management of chronic hepatitis C infection$$$ Current treatment for patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection consists of the combination of pegylated interferon and ribavirin. This treatment regimen achieves a sustained virological response, defined as undetectable HCV RNA 6 months after treatment cessation, in 50% of patients overall. There is therefore a need for new treatments to improve the sustained virological response rate and reduce the number of adverse effects associated with pegylated interferon and ribavirin. This review examines the current management of chronic HCV infection, including who is eligible for treatment, the optimum duration of treatment, and management of side effects. New drugs in development, such as HCV-specific protease inhibitors, polymerase inhibitors, immune modulators and ribavirin analogues, are outlined, and their role in the treatment armamentarium is discussed, whether used alone or in combination with existing treatments. ER  - 
Alcohol withdrawal syndrome$$$ Alcohol withdrawal syndrome is a common medical problem and occurs within hours of alcohol cessation or reduction. It is characterized by autonomic hyperactivity, tremor, anxiety, restlessness seizures, hallucinations and delirium. The alcohol withdrawal syndrome may develop in patients admitted to hospital for an unrelated illness (e.g. for an operation) or patients may present in a confused state to the Emergency Department, due to the onset of the syndrome. In both these circumstances, which are medical emergencies, the diagnosis is often delayed as it is not considered. When considered, treatment is often less than optimal. The revised Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA-Ar) scale should be used to determine both the severity of withdrawal and the need for treatment. If drug treatment is required, patients should be treated with regimens which are patient-specific and flexible to respond to changes in severity of withdrawal (symptom-triggered). Fixed treatment schedules, where the patient is given a standard regimen irrespective of their symptoms, are inappropriate. Long-acting benzodiazepines such as diazepam are the agents to first choice as they have better documented efficacy, a greater margin of safety and a lower abuse potential. Diazepam may be given orally or intravenously, though the oral route is preferred if the patient is able to comply. All patients should receive thiamine 100 mg b.d. orally, unless Wernicke's encephalopathy or Korsakoff's psychosis is suspected, when parenteral administration of B vitamins is appropriate. © 2008. ER  - 
Depression in epilepsy: A complex relation with unexpected consequences$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The recent significant increase in research on depressive disorders in epilepsy has led to a greater recognition of its negative impact on multiple aspects of these patients' lives. Thus, a review of this topic could not be timelier. RECENT FINDINGS: A population-based study suggests that a lifetime history of depressive disorders is relatively frequent in epilepsy patients. Contrary to long-held beliefs, the relation between these two disorders is bidirectional and a history of depression can often be identified before the first seizure has ever happened. Such a relation is the expression of common pathogenic mechanisms operant in both conditions, among which decreased binding of serotonin-1A receptors appears to be pivotal. Furthermore, a lifetime history of depression preceding the onset of epilepsy appears to be predictive of worse seizure control with pharmacotherapy and epilepsy surgery. SUMMARY: These data are likely to change the way the relation between depression and epilepsy is conceptualized, to enhance the early recognition and treatment of this disorder and to generate further research on the impact of depressive disorders on seizure response to pharmacologic and surgical treatments. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Cost of disorders of the brain in Italy$$$ The aim of this study was to estimate the cost of "brain" disorders in Italy. Country-specific prevalence and health-economic data on addiction, affective, anxiety and psychotic disorders, tumours, dementia, epilepsy, migraine/other headaches, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's disease, stroke and head trauma were reviewed. Direct medical/non-medical and indirect costs were computed. Population-based samples and national or regional registries were used. The Italian population expected with a brain disorder was 12.4 million in 2004. The highest cost per case was for tumours and multiple sclerosis; the lowest was for anxiety disorders and migraine. Dementia (€8.6 billion), psychotic and affective disorders (€18.7 billion), migraine (€3.5 billion) and stroke (€3.4 billion) represented the highest total costs. Direct medical costs were predominant for psychiatric and neurosurgical disorders, direct non-medical costs for dementia, and indirect costs for neurological disorders. The total cost of brain disorders in Italy was €40.8 billion, 3% of the gross national product, and €706 per Italian citizen/year. This figure is however likely to be underestimated as it is based on retrospective methodology and samples of brain disorders, and does not include intangible costs. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2008. ER  - 
Sex-specific differences in CYP450 isoforms in humans$$$ Background: The activity of various CYP isoforms is critical for maintaining the clinical effectiveness of many medications. Therefore, determining the sex-dependent activity of clinically relevant CYP families is highly important for optimal therapeutic effectiveness. Objective: This review examined the sex-dependent activity of CYP3A, CYP1A2, CYP2D6, CYP2C9, CYP2C19 and CYP2E1. Methods: This review searched for studies performed in humans and hormonal status was not a limiting factor. Results/conclusions: The current evidence suggests that CYP2E1 and CYP1A2 activity is higher in males than females, while CYP3A, one of the most clinically relevant CYP isoforms, appears to have greater activity in females. Overall, more studies are needed to fully support these conclusions as there are many factors that influence drug metabolism and thus it is very difficult to isolate gender as a sole modulator of CYP activity. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Zonisamide: Review of pharmacology, clinical efficacy, tolerability, and safety$$$ Background: Zonisamide (ZNS), a sulphonamide derivative, is a new-generation anticonvulsant with multiple potential mechanisms that contribute to its antiepileptic efficacy and may also explain its as yet incompletely assessed utility for non-seizure disorders such as headaches, neuropathic pain, and weight loss. Objective: A review of the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, evidence for efficacy in different seizure types and non-seizure conditions, adverse effects, and tolerability of ZNS is presented. Methods: A review of all manuscripts published in the English literature on ZNS was performed in preparing this manuscript. Results/conclusions: ZNS has a broad label for use in Japan, while the regulatory bodies in the USA and Europe have approved it for use only as an adjunctive therapy for partial seizures in adults. It has favorable pharmacokinetic characteristics, proven efficacy in seizure disorders, and is well tolerated in long-term use. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in children: A review$$$ Levetiracetam is an antiepileptic drug approved for use by the US FDA as adjunctive therapy in partial-onset seizures in adults and children 4 years or older. It has also been approved as adjunctive treatment for adults and children 12 years and over with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy and for the treatment of primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures in adults and children over the age of 6 years with idiopathic generalized epilepsy. In Europe, in addition to these indications, it is also approved for use as monotherapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures in patients from the age of 16 years with newly diagnosed epilepsy. It has a unique mechanism of action different to that of other antiepileptic drugs. The recent development of a parenteral intravenous formulation allows for its use when oral administration is not feasible. The most common serious side effects in children are behavioral. Its broad spectrum of action, lack of significant systemic side effects and the absence of interaction with other drugs makes it an attractive choice for use in children with epilepsy. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Molecular targeting agents in renal cell carcinoma: Present strategies and future perspectives$$$ Treatment options for metastatic renal cell carcinoma (RCC) have been limited due to its resistance to chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Benefits from immunotherapeutic agents provide only a small subset of patients. During the past decade major advances have been made toward understanding the molecular basis of RCC development Such acquired knowledge has offered unique opportunities for the development of molecular targeting agents. These agents are predominately small molecules or monoclonal antibodies that exert their action through modulation of protein activity or inhibition of amplified signals directly implicated in disease mechanism. To date, some of newly molecular targeted agents have entered advanced phases of clinical development, received marketing authorization by regulatory agencies and have opened a possibility of multiple treatment options. This article overviews current knowledge in RCC molecular pathology with recent clinical data, and discuss present strategies for future development of targeted therapies. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Medication options when treating children and adolescents with ADHD: Interpreting the NICE guidance 2006$$$ In recent years the medication options for the treatment of ADHD in children and young people have increased. The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE) produced updated guidelines in 2006. This paper aims to interpret these guidelines by reviewing the medication options in light of relevant research and clinical practice. The properties of methylphenidate, dexamfetamine and atomoxetine are discussed. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation: Can it be used in adolescents or children with treatment-resistant depression?$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) therapy has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for treatment-resistant depression in patients 18 years of age and older and for intractable epilepsy. Long-term studies suggest VNS has an antidepressant effect in adults. This paper reviews the available clinical data for VNS therapy. Its potential application for treatment-resistant depression in adolescents and children is also discussed. Copyright © 2008 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Chronic pain syndromes: How to break the cycle, part 1$$$ Understanding a patient's specific pain pathophysiology is the key to successful therapy. Nociceptive pain tends to respond to different treatments than neuropathic and psychogenic pain. Initial options for patients with chronic pain may include physical therapy; cognitive behavioral therapy, oral analgesics; and minimally invasive pain procedures, such as epidural corticosteroid injections. Certain medications (eg, tricyclic antidepressants and anticonvulsants) can be helpful in patients with neuropathic pain. Consider surgery for patients with refractory pain and for those whose pain has an identifiable cause that will respond favorably to surgery. ER  - 
Smoking cessation: Significance and implications for children$$$ A number of people in the USA who are still current smokers remain a staggering figure. Although this number continues to decrease, there is still a considerable amount of second-hand smoke. More importantly and for the purpose of this review, the detrimental effects of passive smoke in children is significant. We will not review the specific health effects of passive smoke, but for pediatricians, in particular, it is important to place in perspective programs that are available to influence the parents of children to stop smoking. Indeed, approximately 25% of all children aged 3-11 live in a household with at least one smoker. Despite the increasing number of communities in the states that have instituted restrictions or complete bans on smoking in the workplace and in many public areas, the principal site of smoking remains the home. © 2007 Humana Press Inc. ER  - 
Potentiation of brain serotonin activity may inhibit seizures, especially in drug-resistant epilepsy$$$ In spite of the large number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) actually available, the problem of drug-resistant epilepsy has not been solved. No AEDs are efficacious in patients with pharmacoresitant epilepsy, so new hypothesises about the mechanisms of pharmacoresistance are needed. In the last years the ideas on the role of brain serotonin in epilepsy have been turned upside down: increasing the available brain serotonin is thought now to have an antiepileptic effect. Antidepressant drugs like selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors, i.e., fluoxetine, have proved to be useful in seizure control. Tryptophan (Trp), an essential amino acid, is the only brain precursor of serotonin, it competes with the other large neutral amino acids (LNAAs) for the carrier of blood-brain barrier (BBB). Our own data has shown a lowering of plasmatic LNAA levels in epileptic patients, on the basis of these results we could estimate a decrease of a 1/3 in the Trp brain intake rate in epileptics in respect to controls. Increasing plasmatic Trp levels increases brain serotonin synthesis. Trp and 5-hydroxytryptophan (5-HTP) were tested as an add on in epilepsy, but the clinical outcome was controversial. Free amino acids are not fully adsorbed by the gastro-intestinal system, furthermore LNAAs, and also 5-HTP is a LNAA, compete to cross the intestinal membrane for the same carrier, like for the BBB. The best way to increase the plasmatic Trp level is a protein rich in Trp and poor in the other LNAAs. Unfortunately Trp is a limited amino acid in proteins. We report the clinical results obtained by adding a whey protein to the antiepileptic therapy of drug-resistant epileptic patients: alpha-lactoalbumin, rich in Trp and poor in the other LNAAs. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Dominant psychiatric manifestations in Wilson's disease: A diagnostic and therapeutic challenge!$$$ Introduction: Recognition of psychiatric manifestations of Wilson's disease (WD) has diagnostic and therapeutic implications. Objective: To describe the clinical features and psychopathology of patients with WD who had initial or predominant psychiatric manifestations. Patient and methods: Records of 15 patients with WD (M:F: 11:4), from a large cohort of 350 patients, with predominant psychiatric manifestations at onset were reviewed. Their initial diagnosis, demographic profile, family history, pre-morbid personality, clinical manifestations, treatment and outcome were recorded. Results: Their mean age at diagnosis was 19.8 ± 5.8 years. Six patients were born to consanguineous parentage and two patients each had family history of WD and past history of psychiatric illness. Diagnosis of WD was suspected by detection of KF rings (all), observing sensitivity to neuroleptics (n = 2), history of jaundice (n = 2) and family history suggestive of WD (n = 9). Psychiatric manifestations could be classified as affective disorder spectrum (n = 11) and schizophreniform-illness (n = 3). While the psychiatric symptoms improved in five patients with de-coppering therapy, seven patients needed symptomatic treatment as well. Three of the four patients who responded to de-coppering therapy were sensitive to neuroleptics. Long-term follow up of 10 patients revealed variable recovery. Conclusions: Young patient with psychiatric manifestations with clues like history of jaundice, family history of neuropsychiatric manifestations and sensitivity to neuroleptics should be evaluated for WD to avoid delay in diagnosis and associated morbidity. Significant outcomes: The study reemphasizes the importance of behavioral manifestations in Wilson disease in terms of diagnosis and management difficulties. Limitations: Retrospective nature of the study. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacologic management of adult depression$$$ Major depression is a common and treatable disease. Many patients benefit from pharmacologic treatment and, because there is little variation in antidepressant effectiveness, medication choices should be made based on patient characteristics, safety, and anticipated side effects. Most patients respond favorably to treatment, but many do not have complete symptom relief. Changing medications or augmenting with a second medication is helpful for some partial or nonresponders. All antidepressants are capable of producing harmful side effects, and some are particularly prone to dangerous drug-drug interactions. The risk of suicide is always a concern in depression and this risk is not necessarily reduced by the use of antidepressants. Some persons may have an increase in suicidal thoughts with antidepressant treatment. Close follow-up is required when initiating therapy and adjusting dosages. Copyright © 2008 American Academy of Family Physicians. ER  - 
Adverse effects of pharmacotherapies for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: Epidemiology, prevention and management$$$ Medication for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is in widespread use globally. There is considerable data suggesting that overall, the adverse effect burden from this use is dose dependent and is in the mild to moderate category, but few comprehensive reviews exist of the epidemiology of adverse effects alone. This review provides a general and systems-specific summary of the scientific literature regarding adverse effect data for the drugs in general use for the treatment of ADHD. Although several areas lack definitive data, current evidence suggests that, for the majority of those treated for ADHD, the medications currently available pose little in the way of risk of significant harm. Epidemiological data suggest a low incidence of serious adverse effects, whilst the less serious adverse effects, such as insomnia and anorexia, are relatively common. Also, some specific areas of study suggest lower risks of harm than previously thought, e.g. tic disorders and seizures. However, pre-existing conditions and other interindividual differences may raise the risk of harmful adverse effects, which adds emphasis to the need for careful pretreatment assessment and monitoring. Potential but unlikely long-term treatment effects need to be investigated as carefully as possible, particularly with regard to cardiac sequelae and carcinogenesis. There are both overlaps and differences between the adverse effects of stimulants and nonstimulants, such as atomoxetine. For example, the latter shares the stimulant group's potential for changing cardiovascular parameters, but may not cause insomnia. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Conversion from carbamazepine or oxcarbazepine to topiramate in adolescents and adults with epilepsy$$$ Objective - To explore effectiveness, tolerability and changes in quality of life in patients with epilepsy converting to topiramate (TPM) from carbamazepine (CBZ) or oxcarbazepine (OXC) due to insufficient effectiveness and/or tolerability. Methods - A multicenter, open-label, non-interventional trial was used to examine patients (≥ 12 years) with epilepsy, changing to TPM monotherapy from baseline mono- or combination therapy with CBZ or OXC. TPM was added to the existing antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment and started at a dose of 25 mg once daily. The dose was titrated up with 25 mg/day increments, once every 1-2 weeks, until a final dose between 50 and 200 mg/day was reached. On the basis of clinical judgment, the treating physician decided whether or not the existing AED treatment with CBZ or OXC could then be withdrawn. Type and number of seizures, preferred TPM dose, quality of life (QOLIE-10 questionnaire), subjective perception of improvement and adverse events (AE) were documented. Results - 140 patients (53.5% women, mean age 47 years) decided to switch to TPM due to insufficient effectiveness (75% of patients) and/or poor tolerability (80%) of the CBZ/OXC treatment. Average duration of follow-up was 24 weeks with an overall discontinuation rate of 19.3%, mainly due to AEs (12.1%). At study endpoint, the intended shift to TPM monotherapy was achieved in 73% of patients at a median TPM dose of 100 mg/day. A seizure reduction of ≥ 50% was achieved in 91% of patients in the last scheduled period (weeks 12-26); 62% of patients entering that period remained seizure free. Quality of life at endpoint improved significantly when compared with baseline for all domains of QOLIE-10 (P < 0.001). Most frequent AEs (reported by ≥ 5% of patients) were paresthesia (9.3%), weight loss (7.9%), convulsions (5.7%) and memory disorders (5.0%). Conclusion - In patients with epilepsy, previously not satisfactorily treated with CBZ or OXC, conversion to TPM may result in an improvement in seizure control as well as in quality of life. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Intranasal naloxone for the treatment of suspected heroin overdose$$$ Aims: This paper reviews available literature regarding the effectiveness, safety and utility of intranasal (i.n.) naloxone for the treatment of heroin overdose. Methods: Scientific literature in the form of published articles during the period January 1984 to August 2007 were identified by searching several databases including Medline, Cinahl and Embase for the following terms: naloxone, narcan, intranasal, nose. The data extracted included study design, patient selection, numbers, outcomes and adverse events. Results: Reports of the pharmacological investigation and administration of i.n. naloxone for heroin overdose are included in this review. Treatment of heroin overdose by administration of i.n. naloxone has been introduced as first-line treatment in some jurisdictions in North America, and is currently under investigation in Australia. Conclusion: Currently there is not enough evidence to support i.n. naloxone as first-line intervention by paramedics for treatment of heroin overdose in the pre-hospital setting. Further research is required to confirm its clinical effectiveness, safety and utility. If proved effective, the i.n. route may be useful for drug administration in community settings (including peer-based administration), as it reduces risk of needlestick injury in a population at higher risk of blood-borne viruses. Problematically, naloxone is not manufactured currently in an ideal form for i.n. administration. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Progress in neurotherapeutics and neuropsychopharmacology 2008$$$ There has been continuous progress in neurotherapeutics and neuropsychopharmacology in the past year. Notable are the reports of successful preliminary disease-modifying trials in Niemann-Pick disease and Friedreich's ataxia. Progress also has been made in treatment of migraine, stroke, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, traumatic brain injury, and pain. Biomarkers are increasingly used to establish proof of pharmacology including measures of cerebrospinal fluid constituents and brain changes on magnetic resonance imaging. There is an increasing diversity of patient populations participating in clinical trials, including pediatric migraine and traumatic brain injury. © 2008 Cambridge University Press. ER  - 
A randomized controlled trial with 4-month follow-up of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex for depression$$$ Background. Effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for major depression is unclear. The authors performed a randomized controlled trial comparing real and sham adjunctive rTMS with 4-month follow-up. Method. Fifty-nine patients with major depression were randomly assigned to a 10-day course of either real (n=29) or sham (n=30) rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Primary outcome measures were the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) and proportions of patients meeting criteria for response (50% reduction in HAMD) and remission (HAMD8) after treatment. Secondary outcomes included mood self-ratings on Beck Depression Inventory-II and visual analogue mood scales, Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) score, and both self-reported and observer-rated cognitive changes. Patients had 6-week and 4-month follow-ups. Results. Overall, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) scores were modestly reduced in both groups but with no significant group × time interaction (p=0.09) or group main effect (p=0.85); the mean difference in HAMD change scores was -0.3 (95% CI -3.4 to 2.8). At end-of-treatment time-point, 32% of the real group were responders compared with 10% of the sham group (p=0.06); 25% of the real group met the remission criterion compared with 10% of the sham group (p=0.2); the mean difference in HAMD change scores was 2.9 (95% CI -0.7 to 6.5). There were no significant differences between the two groups on any secondary outcome measures. Blinding was difficult to maintain for both patients and raters. Conclusions. Adjunctive rTMS of the left DLPFC could not be shown to be more effective than sham rTMS for treating depression. © 2007 Cambridge University Press. ER  - 
A phase I trial of ad.hIFN-β gene therapy for glioma$$$ Interferon-β (IFN-β) is a pleiotropic cytokine with antitumoral activity. In an effort to improve the therapeutic index of IFN-β by providing local, sustained delivery of IFN-β to gliomas, the safety and biological activity of a human IFN-β (hIFN-β)-expressing adenovirus vector (Ad.hIFN-β) was evaluated in patients with malignant glioma by stereotactic injection, followed 4-8 days later by surgical removal of tumor with additional injections of Ad.hIFN-β into the tumor bed. Eleven patients received Ad.hIFN-β in cohorts of 2 × 1010, 6 × 1010, or 2 × 1011 vector particles (vp). The most common adverse events were considered by the investigator as being unrelated to treatment. One patient, who was enrolled in the cohort with the highest dose levels, experienced dose-limiting, treatment-related Grade 4 confusion following the post-operative injection. Ad.hIFN-β DNA was detected within the tumor, blood, and nasal swabs in a dose-dependent fashion and hIFN-β protein was detectable within the tumor. At the highest doses tested, a reproducible increase in tumor cell apoptosis in post-treatment versus pre-treatment biopsies with associated tumor necrosis was observed. Direct Ad.hIFN-β injection into the tumor and the surrounding normal brain areas after surgical removal was feasible and associated with apoptosis induction. ER  - 
The use of questionnaires for measuring patient-reported side effects of drug: Its importance and methodological challenges$$$ Patient-reported outcomes such as Quality of Life often play an important part in the efficacy assessment of drug treatment. Although instruments that measure quality of life can detect the positive effects of treatments on health status, they may not measure the effect of negative treatment-related symptoms. Patients often fail to spontaneously report common or clinically mild drug-related symptoms, even though the same symptoms can result in the stopping or skipping of prescribed doses. Therefore, as with quality of life assessments, the perception of patients on possible side effects of treatments is best captured by the use of self-report questionnaires. There are substantial challenges with creating well-validated, relevant questionnaires that capture the full range of patient-reported symptoms and signs. A review of 13 existing instruments showed that many patient-rated side effect questionnaires had been developed, often to a high standard, using well-established psychometric methods. However, there were some inconsistencies in the methods used by the questionnaire developers, indicating the need for standardisation when creating new, or adapting previous, instruments. Even with their current deficits, it is important that patient-reported side effect questionnaires be used more in drug development, health outcomes research and resource allocation; all with the ultimate aim of improving quality of patient care. Copyright © 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Extended-release tramadol (ULTRAM®ER): A pharmacotherapeutic, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic focus on effectiveness and safety in patients with chronic/persistent pain$$$ Tramadol is a centrally acting synthetic opioid analgesic that has a dual mechanism of action, binding to μ-opioid receptors and weakly inhibiting the neuronal reuptake of norepinephrine and serotonin. Extended-release (ER) tramadol tablets (ULTRAM® ER) are indicated for the management of moderate to moderately severe chronic (also referred to as persistent) pain in adults who require around-the-clock treatment of pain for an extended period of time. Because once-daily tramadol ER results in less frequent fluctuations in plasma concentrations than equivalent daily doses of short-acting tramadol, it may benefit patients experiencing pain throughout the dosing interval. On the basis of computer-generated pharmacokinetic models, one can easily transition patients who are receiving short-acting tramadol for chronic/persistent pain to tramadol ER, by calculating the current total daily dose of short-acting tramadol and starting tramadol ER at the nearest lower 100-mg-dose increment. In clinical studies, tramadol ER significantly reduced pain in patients with chronic pain from osteoarthritis and improved pain-related sleep parameters, joint stiffness, and physical function. Tramadol ER has been shown to be safe and well-tolerated and may be a suitable alternative for patients with inadequate analgesic response or contraindications (eg, cardiovascular disease, gastrointestinal ulcer) to use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) or cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitors. The proven efficacy and safety profile-and the low potential for abuse-make tramadol ER a viable therapeutic option for the management of chronic/persistent nonmalignant pain in some patients. This article reviews the pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, dosage, delivery system, administration, analgesic efficacy, and safety and tolerability profile of tramadol ER. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Neurotoxicity of chemotherapeutic and biologic agents in children with cancer$$$ The sequelae of treatment modalities used to treat childhood cancer are of increasing clinical importance. In children with pediatric malignancies, the full impact of such sequelae may not be apparent until years after treatment. The earlier recognition of these neurotoxicities could possibly alter the course of a treatment or facilitate interventions to improve quality of life. Copyright © 2008 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Sleep in children with autism spectrum disorders$$$ The amount of research conducted on sleep in children and adolescents has increased dramatically over the past decade due to the recognition that many children have significant sleep problems leading to daytime dysfunction. Approximately one third of typically developing children have sleep difficulties at some point, and a similar percentage of adolescents have impaired or insufficient sleep leading to daytime impairments. Sleep problems are known to occur at even greater rates in children with special needs, such as those with developmental disabilities, psychiatric conditions, and medical illnesses. The recognition that interventions can improve sleep and may result in better daytime functioning has fueled a growing interest in more fully characterizing the sleep problems in children with special needs. This article presents a discussion of the sleep problems experienced by children with one particular group of developmental disorders - the autism spectrum disorders. Copyright © 2008 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Acute treatment of cerebral venous and dural sinus thrombosis$$$ Management of thrombosis of the dural sinus and cerebral veins (CVT) includes treatment of the underlying condition, antithrombotic treatment, symptomatic treatment, and the prevention or treatment of complications. Intravenous heparin or subcutaneous low-molecular-weight heparin should be used in acute CVT to prevent thrombus propagation and pulmonary embolism and to increase the chances of recanalization. Anticoagulation is safe and can be used in patients with acute CVT who have intracranial hemorrhagic lesions. Endovascular thrombolysis (with or without mechanical thrombus disruption) is an experimental treatment to be used in experienced centers for severe cases or patients who fail to improve on anticoagulation. Local thrombolysis is not useful in patients with large infarcts and impending herniation. In patients with severe headache and papilledema, intracranial hypertension can be reduced and symptoms relieved through a therapeutic lumbar puncture. Hemicraniectomy may be lifesaving in patients with parenchymal lesions leading to herniation. In patients with acute seizures and supratentorial lesions, antiepileptic drugs should be prescribed. Prophylactic use of these drugs can also be considered for patients with one of these risk factors but should be avoided in patients with neither of them. To reduce the risk of recurrent deep venous thrombosis of the limbs, vitamin K antagonists are given for a variable period depending on the patient's inherent risk of thrombosis, aiming at an International Normalized Ratio of 2 to 3.5. If CVT is related to a transient risk factor (eg, pregnancy, infection), we recommend anticoagulants for 3 months. In patients with idiopathic CVT or CVT associated with "mild" thrombophilia, the period of anticoagulation must be extended to 6 to 12 months. In patients with "severe" thrombophilia (eg, two or more prothrombotic abnormalities or antiphospholipid syndrome), anticoagulants should be given for life. Patients with persistent symptoms of increased intracranial hypertension, visual loss, or both can be treated with repeated lumbar punctures or a lumbo-peritoneal shunt. For the prevention of remote seizures, antiepileptic drugs are recommended for patients with seizures in the acute phase and for those who experience a seizure after the acute phase. These drugs can also be considered for patients without seizures who have supratentorial hemorrhagic lesions or motor deficits. Copyright © 2008 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Cough and cold treatments for children: Does anything work?$$$ Despite the plethora of over-the-counter cough and cold medications designed to relieve a variety of symptoms of the common cold - primarily nasal congestion, rhinorrhea, and cough - no treatment has been shown to have any beneficial effect in children, and some may carry a substantial risk of adverse effects. Even routine symptomatic therapies such as antipyretics and humidified air may be counterproductive. Parental education is the best medicine. Parents need to understand the duration and expected symptoms of the common cold. Advise them about specific changes in symptoms (eg, rapid or labored breathing) or duration (eg, a cold lasting 10 days or more without improvement) that would warrant a re-evaluation by their child's physician. Parents also need to be educated about the lack of proven efficacy and the potential adverse effects of available cold remedies. Saline nose drops and adequate fluids as well as antipyretics for bothersome fever may provide limited symptomatic relief, but time is still the only known cure. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of the CB1 cannabinoid receptor blocker rimonabant: Pooled analysis of the RIO program$$$ Obesity is a chronic condition with a prevalence that is increasing at an alarming rate. More than just a medical condition or risk factor for other diseases, obesity is a complex disease of multifaceted etiology (including environmental factors and genetic predisposition), with its own disabling capacities, pathophysiology, and comorbidities that include type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Despite the prevalence and severity of this condition, there are very few anti-obesity agents approved for use and none targeting the complex metabolic disorders of this disease. One new agent in development is rimonabant, a selective cannabinoid type 1 (CB1) receptor blocker and the first member of a new class of compounds targeting the endocannabinoid system, which has a key role in the regulation of energy balance and body composition. Rimonabant offers a new means to induce weight loss and modify cardiometabolic risk factors. The multiple trials comprising the Rimonabant In Obesity (RIO) program found that patients treated with rimonabant 20 mg/day significantly improve several cardiometabolic risk factors beyond what can be attributed to weight loss alone, including reductions in high blood sugar, increased levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, a reduction in triglycerides, and improved levels of adiponectin and fasting insulin. Recently, Christensen et al. evaluated safety and efficacy of rimonabant in a meta-analysis of randomized trials. Patients on active therapy had a 4.7 kg (p < 0.0001) greater weight reduction after 1 year than those given placebo. (To see specific data regarding mean weight change from baseline in individual RIO trials, see Slide 1.) Individuals receiving rimonabant were several times more likely to achieve at least 10% weight loss (p < 0.0001) than those taking placebo. ER  - 
Therapeutic potential of group III metabotropic glutamate receptors$$$ Metabotropic glutamate (mGlu) receptors have received much attention, driven by a strong belief in the potential of these modulatory glutamate receptors as drug targets. So far, major drug discovery programs have largely focused on group I (mGlu1 and 5) and It (mGlu2 and 3) mGlu receptors, which have been implicated in neuropathological and various psychiatric disorders. The four group III representatives (mGlu4, mGlu6, mGlu7 and mGlu8) are less understood, mainly due to the paucity of specific compounds. Recent advances in the identification of selective or specific compounds, and the generation of transgenic animals have, however, revealed important insights into the potential role of group III receptors in the pathophysiology of neurological and mood disorders. Activation of the mGlu4 receptor seems to be beneficial for treating Parkinson-like symptoms and a potential role in the treatment of mood disorders is slowly growing. Similarly, genetic inactivation studies and usage of relatively selective agonists strongly support the involvement of the mGlu8 receptor for anxiety disorders. In contrast, controversial data have been obtained for the mGlu7 receptor. While mGlu7 receptor-deficient animals show an anxiolytic profile in several in vivo readouts, the first selective allosteric agonist AMN082 has also been reported to improve anxiety-like behaviour despite activating the stress axis. The least investigated receptor remains the mGlu6 receptor, which is mostly based on its predominant expression in the retina. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Managing chronic hepatitis C in relapsers and non-responders$$$ Chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection poses a challenge for a growing number of infected patients who exhibit disease complications, including cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma, and liver failure. Treatment with pegylated interferon (peg-IFN) plus ribavirin improves hepatic markers and eradicates the virus in about 50% of patients; however, a significant number of patients do not respond to therapy or relapse following treatment discontinuation. Several viral, hepatic, and patient-related factors influence response to IFN therapy; many of these factors cannot be modified to improve long-term outcomes. Identifying risk factors and measuring viral load early in the treatment can help to predict response to IFN therapy and determine the need to modify or discontinue treatment. Treatment options for complicated cases of chronic HCV infection are limited. Retreatment with peg-IFN has been successful in some patients who exhibit an inadequate response to conventional IFN treatment, particularly those who have relapsed. Consensus IFN, another option in treatment-resistant patients, has demonstrated efficacy in the retreatment of non-responders and relapsers. Although optimal duration of retreatment and benefits and safety of maintenance therapy have not been determined, an extended duration is likely needed. Anti protease inhibitor drugs, the new frontier of HCV treatment, are now searched as the future answer in the treatment of difficult patients. Unfortunately the results are still confined in a preliminary phase. This article reviews risk factors for HCV treatment resistance and discusses assessment and management of difficult-to-treat patients such as non responders or relapsers to previous treatment. ER  - 
Brivaracetam: A new drug in development for epilepsy and neuropathic pain$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a neurological disorder with a worldwide prevalence estimated to be 0.5-1.0% of the population. Many potent antiepileptic drugs (AED) have been used for treatment but still about 30% of patients are resistant to current AEDs. Some AEDs are also used for the treatment of neuropathic pain. Objective: The aim of this report is to present preclinical and clinical studies of brivaracetam (UCB-34714), a new drug developed by UCB Pharma. Methods: Published results of preclinical studies in several animal models of epilepsy, neuropathic pain, essential tremor and results of Phase I and II evaluations of brivaracetam have been analysed. Results/conclusion: Brivaracetam represents a new mechanism of action being a ligand of synaptic vesicle protein 2A. It is undergoing Phase III evaluation after a successful Phase II programme in which was effective as an adjunctive treatment in partial-onset epilepsy (50 mg/ day). It is well tolerated, without serious adverse side effects. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Intrathecal drug delivery$$$ Intrathecal analgesia has emerged as a key therapeutic option for pain relief for patients who have failed other treatment avenues as well as patients with adequate analgesia on high dose enteral or parenteral therapy but with unacceptable side effects. Intrethecal infusions of analgesics have been increasingly utilized since the later 1980s for the treatment of persistent pain. The purpose of this review is to provide research based clinical insight regarding the safe and appropriate use of the intrathecal infusion modality. Long-term intrathecal infusion analgesia or long-term intrathecal or long-term intrathecal analgesic therapy has significantly progressed over the past 25 years. The evidence for implantable intrathecal infusion systems is strong for short-term improvement in pain of malignancy or neuropathic pain. The evidence is moderate for long-term management of persistent pain. Reasonably strong evidence exists for the use of ong-term intrathecal analgesic therapy in alleviation of cancer pain; however, the evidence supporting long-term efficacy in persistent noncancer pain is less convincing. Future studies are needed to better define the role of long-term intrathecal analgesic therapy in persistent pain, especially with respect to which pain conditions or subpopulations of patients are most responsive to ong-term intrathecal analgesic therapy, and which agents or combination of agents are most appropriate for which pain conditions or subpopulations of patients. Novel combinations of intrathecal analgesics such as clonidine and gabapentin deserve future study. The current body of literature supports the use of intrathecal agents for the treatment of moderate or severe pain related to cancer and noncancer origins. Further clinical studies are needed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of new intrathecal drugs, the complications related to these devices, and the proper selection of patients to receive these treatments. ER  - 
Collateral effects of antiarrhythmics in pediatric age$$$ Although there are numerous reports of antiarrhythmic use in children, controlled, comparison trials of antiarrhythmic agents in children are virtually nonexistent and most data are obtained from case series of children treated. Effective and safe pharmacological therapy requires that the physicians attempt to identify a drug with the most appropriate profile to attack the most vulnerable parameter of the mechanisms of the cardiac arrhythmia with the least pro arrhythmic/collateral effects. Digoxiri in patients with Wolf Parkinson -White syndrome, verapamil in infants and intravenous quinidirie should be avoided as there is clear evidence that they can cause serious side effects. Collateral effects of other antiarrhythmic drugs are discussed in details in this review. Well-designed, controlled trials are needed to further evaluate the comparative efficacy of antiarrhythmics in children, as well as to evaluate dosing and toxicity in various age groups. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Cognition enhancers between treating and doping the mind$$$ Memory, attention and creativity represent three different cognitive domains, which are interconnected and contribute the "mental performance" of an individual. Modern neuroscience has investigated some of the neuronal circuits and of the neurotransmitters and molecular events underlying the above-mentioned cognitive functions. Within this renewed reference context, some of the properties of the components of the remedies to increase mental performance have been studied and validated in experimental models and, to date, these substances are named "smart drugs", "memory enhancing drugs" or "nootropic drugs" (from the Greek root noos for mind and tropein for toward). Recently pharmaceutical industries are increasingly focusing on the research for potential substances in this field: several "smart drugs" are in clinical trials and could be on the market in few years. Furthermore, a quick survey from Internet highlights the presence of a great variety of both approved and non-approved drugs, with some of them addressing to only medical and others to performance-oriented use, opening room to some reflections or speculations from scientific and ethical points of view. In order to point out the effect of nootropic drugs on cognition of healthy people, we reviewed the literature on drug enhancement of various cognitive functions, including memory, attention and creativity. As their simplest, memory is regarded as the ability to remember events or learned material, attention is the cognitive process of selectively concentrating on one aspect while ignoring distracters and creativity could be described as the ability to create products or ideas which are original and which possess a social usefulness. Reports from literature reveal that some medications currently available to patients with memory disorders may also increase performances in healthy people and that drugs designed for psychiatric disorders can also be used to enhance certain mental functions. However, the long-term effects of these drugs are unknown, but their apparent effectiveness allows room to their use and misuse. At variance with these literature data showing scientific, even if poor, evidence of the effect of smart drugs in the field of memory and attention, only indirect information on creativity can be obtained by studies of the effects of diseases and drugs on the artistic productivity of classic painters and famous authors, offering a link to understand the neuronal basis of this cognitive function and a cue to understand how drugs (used to correct the illness) may affect the function. On the basis of these cues, in this review we will discuss some critical aspects of the different cerebral circuits and molecular events regulating memory, attention and creativity in order to outline the neurobiological bases of the effects of "smart drugs" on cognitive functions, and to evaluate their putative pharmaceutical development. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for biological treatment of substance use and related disorders, part 1: Alcoholism$$$ These practice guidelines for the biological treatment of substance use disorders were developed by an international Task Force of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP). The goal during the development of these guidelines was to review systematically all available evidence pertaining to the treatment of substance use disorders, and to reach a consensus on a series of practice recommendations that are clinically and scientifically meaningful based on the available evidence. These guidelines are intended for use by physicians evaluating and treating people with substance use disorders and are primarily concerned with the biological treatment of adults suffering from substance use disorders. The data used to develop these guidelines were extracted primarily from various national treatment guidelines for substance use disorders, as well as from meta-analyses, reviews and randomized clinical trials on the efficacy of pharmacological and other biological treatment interventions identified by a search of the MEDLINE database and Cochrane Library. The identified literature was evaluated with respect to the strength of evidence for its efficacy and then categorized into four levels of evidence (A-D). This first part of the guidelines covers the treatment of alcohol dependence; Part 2 will be devoted to the treatment of drug dependence. ER  - 
A comparison of glycemic control, sleep, fatigue, and depression in type 2 diabetes with and without restless legs syndrome$$$ Objective: The purpose of this pilot study was to determine how sleep quality, glycemic control, sleepiness, fatiguxe, and depression differ in persons with type 2 diabetes with and without restless legs syndrome (RLS). Research Designs/Methods: The design was a descriptive, case-control study of participants with type 2 diabetes with and without RLS at the University of Pennsylvania, Rodebaugh Diabetes Center. Thirty-nine participants (adults over 21 years of age who had been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and had a HbA 1c in the last 3 months) were stratified based on RLS diagnostic criteria. Exclusion criteria included severe hypoglycemia identified by seizures or coma related to hypoglycemia or known sleep disorder other than RLS. The primary outcome of sleep was measured by self-report sleep quality (Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index) with secondary outcomes including HbA1c, sleepiness (Epworth Sleepiness Scale), fatigue (Fatigue Severity Scale), and depression (Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression Scale). Results: Participants with type 2 diabetes with RLS reported a significant difference in quality of sleep (p = .001), sleep latency (p = .04), sleep efficiency (p = .035), use of sleep medications (p < .001), and daytime dysfunction (p = .005). In the total group, higher HbA1c levels were positively correlated with sleepiness (p = .038). Global Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index scores were positively correlated with fatigue (r = .58, p = .002) and depression (r = .74, p < .001). As well, fatigue and sleepiness were positively correlated (r = .36, p = .04). Conclusions: RLS is a significant sleep disorder that may have an impact on diabetes management and health outcomes. More research should be conducted on the impact of RLS in sleep to improve diabetic management. ER  - 
Interferon monotherapy of chronic hepatitis C in dialysis patients: Meta-analysis of clinical trials$$$ The efficacy of monotherapy with interferon (IFN) (conventional or pegylated IFN) in dialysis patients with chronic hepatitis C remains unclear, although a number of clinical trials have been published addressing this issue. The aim of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of monotherapy by conventional or pegylated IFN in dialysis patients with chronic hepatitis C by performing a systematic review of the literature with a meta-analysis of clinical trials. The primary outcome was sustained virological response (SVR; as a measure of efficacy), and the secondary outcome was drop-out rate (as a measure of tolerability). We used the random-effects model of Der Simonian and Laird, with heterogeneity and sensitivity analyses. We identified 28 clinical trials (645 unique patients), of which six (21.4%) had a controlled design. In the group of trials based on conventional IFN, the summary estimate for SVR and drop-out rate was 39% [95% confidence interval (CI) 32-46] and 19% (95% CI 13-26) respectively. The summary estimate for SVR rate in patients with the hepatitis C virus genotype 1 was 33% (95% CI 19-47). In the subset of trials using pegylated IFN, the summary estimate for SVR and drop-out rate was 31% (95% CI 7-55) and 27% (95% CI 1-52) respectively. The most frequent side-effects requiring interruption of treatment were flu-like symptoms, and gastrointestinal and haematological changes. A relationship between age and drop-out rate was found, even if no statistical significance was reached (P = 0.064). The studies were heterogeneous with regard to SVR and drop-out rate. No publication bias was observed. One-third of dialysis patients with chronic hepatitis C were successfully treated with conventional or pegylated IFN monotherapy. Preliminary evidence does not support additional benefit due to monotherapy with pegylated IFN on the viral response in the chronic kidney disease (CKD) population. Tolerance to IFN monotherapy was unsatisfactory, particularly to pegylated IFN. The optimal antiviral treatment of chronic hepatitis C in dialysis populations is currently under active investigation. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Topiramate in children and adolescents with epilepsy and mental retardation: A prospective study on behavior and cognitive effects$$$ The aim of the present study was to assess the behavioral and cognitive effects following treatment with topiramate in children and adolescents with epilepsy with mild to profound mental retardation. The study group comprised 29 children, 16 males and 13 females, aged 3 to 19 years, affected by partial (4) and generalized (25) crypto/symptomatic epilepsy and mental retardation (7 mild, 5 moderate, 15 severe, 2 profound), who were administered topiramate (TPM) as add-on therapy to their baseline antiepileptic treatment. At baseline, 3 months, 6 months, and 12 months, parents or caregivers of each patient were administered a questionnaire based on the Holmfrid Quality of Life Inventory. After a 3-month follow-up, the add-on topiramate caused overall mild to moderate cognitive/behavioral worsening in about 70% of children and adolescents with mental retardation and epilepsy. After 6 and 12 months of follow-up, global worsening persisted in 31 and 20.1% of cases, respectively. In conclusion, this trial confirms that TPM can have significant adverse cognitive and behavioral side effects, even in mentally disabled children and adolescents. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Lack of effects of vagus nerve stimulation on drug-resistant epilepsy in eight pediatric patients with autism spectrum disorders: A prospective 2-year follow-up study$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) therapy has been reported to reduce seizure frequency in some children with drug-resistant epilepsy who are not suitable candidates for epilepsy surgery. It has been suggested that there may be positive cognitive and/or behavioral effects independent of seizure control. We describe the effects of VNS with respect to seizure frequency, cognition, and autistic symptoms and behavior in eight children and adolescents with medically intractable epilepsy and autism. In comparison to baseline, seizure frequency had not decreased in anyone in our series at the 2-year follow-up. In three cases, minor improvements in general functioning were noted, but there were no positive cognitive effects. This open prospective pilot study highlights the need for more prospective studies to prevent false expectations of improvement in this severely disabled group. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The effectiveness of mood stabilizers and antiepileptic medication for the management of behaviour problems in adults with intellectual disability: A systematic review$$$ Background: Psychotropic medications are used to manage behaviour problems in adults with intellectual disability (ID). One group of psychotropic medication are mood stabilizers such as lithium and some antiepileptic drugs. Method: A comprehensive systematic review was performed to determine the evidence base for the effectiveness of mood stabilizers in the management of behaviour problems among adults with ID. Electronic searches of PsycInfo, Medline, Embase and Cinahl databases were conducted, as well as a thorough hand search for relevant literature. We reviewed primary trials relating to adults only that satisfied strict inclusion criteria. Results: One randomized controlled trial (RCT) relating to lithium use and two non-RCTs, one on lithium and the other on carbamazepine, were revealed. In addition, one prospective non-controlled trial on sodium valproate and three retrospective case series studies were discovered, of which one considered the efficacy of lithium, one valproate and one topiramate. Conclusions: The current evidence lends some support for the use of lithium and some antiepileptic mood stabilizer medication for the management of behaviour problems in adults with ID. However, because most studies reviewed here are riddled with obvious methodological constrains, the findings have to be interpreted with caution. © 2007 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
The prevalence and incidence of mental ill-health in adults with Down syndrome$$$ Background: While there is considerable literature on adults with Down syndrome who have dementia, there is little published on the epidemiology of other types of mental ill-health in this population. Method: Longitudinal cohort study of adults with Down syndrome who received detailed psychiatric assessment (n = 186 at the first time point; n = 134 at the second time point, 2 years later). Results: The prevalence of Down syndrome for the 16 years and over population was 5.9 per 10000 general population. Point prevalence of mental ill-health of any type, excluding specific phobias, was 23.7% by clinical, 19.9% by Diagnostic Criteria for Psychiatric Disorders for use with Adults with Learning Disabilities/Mental Retardation (DC-LD), 11.3% by ICD-10 Classification of Mental and Behavioural Disorders: Diagnostic Criteria for Research (DCR-ICD-10) and 10.8% by Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition Revised (DSM-IV-TR) criteria. Two-year incidence of mental ill-health of any type was 14.9% by clinical and DC-LD, 9.0% by DCR-ICD-10 and 3.7% by DSM-IV-TR criteria. The highest incidence was for depressive episode (5.2%) and dementia/delirium (5.2%). Compared with persons with intellectual disabilities (ID) of all causes, the standardized rate for prevalence of mental ill-health was 0.6 (0.4-0.8), or 0.4 (0.3-0.6) if organic disorders are excluded, and the standardized incidence ratio for mental ill-health was 0.9 (0.6-1.4), or 0.7 (0.4-1.2) if organic disorders are excluded. Urinary incontinence was independently associated with mental ill-health, whereas other personal factors, lifestyle and supports, and other types of health needs and disabilities were not. Conclusions: Mental ill-health is less prevalent in adults with Down syndrome than for other adults with ID. The pattern of associated factors differs from that is found for other adults with ID, with few associations found. This suggests that the protection against mental ill-health is biologically determined in this population, or that there are other factors protective for mental ill-health yet to be identified for the population with Down syndrome. © 2007 The Authors. Journal Compilation © 2007 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Etiologic classification of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder is a neurobiological syndrome with an estimated prevalence among children and adolescents of 5%. It is a highly heritable disorder, but acquired factors in etiology are sometimes uncovered that may be amenable to preventive measures or specific therapy. Early reports have described symptoms similar to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder that followed brain trauma or viral encephalitis, and recent MRI studies have demonstrated brain volumetric changes that may be involved in the pathophysiology of the syndrome. The American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic Statistical Manual, introduced in 1968, emphasizes symptomatic criteria in diagnosis. Here, an overview of environmental factors in the etiology of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder is presented to encourage more emphasis and research on organic causal factors, preventive intervention, and specific therapies. An organic theory and the genetic and biochemical basis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder are briefly reviewed, and an etiologic classification is suggested. Environmental factors are prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal in origin. Pregnancy- and birth-related risk factors include maternal smoking and alcohol ingestion, prematurity, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, and thyroid deficiency. Childhood illnesses associated with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder include virus infections, meningitis, encephalitis, head injury, epilepsy, toxins, and drugs. More controversial factors discussed are diet-related sensitivities and iron deficiency. Early prenatal recognition, prevention, and treatment of environmental etiologies of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder may reduce physician reliance on symptomatic modification with medication, a frequent reason for parental concern. Copyright © 2008 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Smoking cessation pharmacotherapy preferences in rural primary care$$$ Pharmacotherapy is a critical adjunct to smoking cessation therapy. Little is known about relative preferences for these agents among smokers in primary care settings. In the context of a population-based clinical trial, we identified 750 smokers in primary care practices and independent of their readiness to quit offered them a free treatment course of either bupropion or transdermal nicotine replacement (TNR). Smokers opting for pharmacotherapy completed standardized contraindication screens that were reviewed by the patient's primary care physician. Most participants (67%) requested pharmacotherapy. Use of pharmacotherapy was positively associated with higher nicotine dependence and readiness to quit. Of the smokers requesting pharmacotherapy, 51% requested bupropion and 49% requested TNR. Choice of bupropion was related to no history of heart disease and no previous use of bupropion. Although potential contraindications to treatments were identified for 21.7% of bupropion and 6.6% of TNR recipients, physicians rarely felt that these potential contraindications precluded the use of these agents. When cost is removed as a barrier, a large proportion of rural smokers are eager to use smoking cessation pharmacotherapy, especially agents that they have not tried before. Although some comorbid conditions and concurrent drug therapies were considered contraindications, particularly to bupropion, physicians rarely considered these clinically significant risks enough to deny pharmacotherapy. ER  - 
Outline of the Japanese guidelines for the management of stroke 2004 and subsequent revision$$$ The "Japanese Guidelines for the Management of Stroke"(chaired by Yukito Shinohara) appeared in 2004, in Japanese, as a result of the collaboration of the Japan Stroke Society, Japanese Society of Neurology, Japan Neurosurgical Society, Japanese Society of Neurological Therapeutics and the Japanese Association of Rehabilitation Medicine. During its preparation, 106 stroke specialists from these societies checked and rated more than 110,000 publications from all over the world, including Japan. We thought it important to develop specific guidelines for Japanese patients, because there are race differences, because some of the approved drugs in Japan are different from those in other counties, and because reports published in Japanese have not been taken into consideration in the development of western guidelines. We also added the Japanese guidelines for use of t-PA in this outline, because there are some differences (e.g., in volume of t-PA) from the guidelines of western countries. Here, we present an outline the Japanese Guidelines for the Management of Stroke 2004 in response to requests, although some updating is already needed. The first revision of the guidelines is expected to be completed in 2008. © Journal Compilation © 2008 International Journal of Stroke. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) involves the induction of a generalized tonic-clonic seizure by means of an electric current applied to the head of the patient. The procedure is performed under general anesthesia with the use of muscle relaxants. The efficacy and safety of ECT has been controversial since the introduction of this treatment in the 1930s. Today, ECT is considered to be a safe and effective therapeutic option in treating a number of psychiatric illnesses. With recent technical advances, ECT has fewer adverse results, is safer even in the very old and is effective for a widel range of indications. Nevertheless, many physicians remain hesitant to refer their patients for ECT because of the mistaken belief that this form of treatment is primitive and barbaric. In this article we review the use of ECT in the elderly. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Bone health and antiseizure drugs: Diagnosis and management$$$ There is growing evidence for the association of antiepileptic medications (AEDs) and bone disease. Increased rates of vitamin D deficiency, elevated laboratory markers of bone turnover and increased rates of osteopenia, osteomalacia and fracture have all been reported: Although most commonly attributed to anticonvulsants that induce hepatic cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes, recent studies suggest that valproate, a CYP inhibitor, is also problematic. Data specific to other newer AEDs are lacking. Drug-induced inactivation of vitamin D is the most widely proposed mechanism for AED-related bone disease, however, other not yet fully elucidated pathways must also contribute. There are currently no evidence-based guidelines for diagnosis or treatment of bone disease specific to persons on AED therapy. Periodic screening for vitamin D deficiency and with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry is likely beneficial. Prophylactic supplementation with vitamin D and calcium can be considered for all patients on AEDs, unless it is clear that dietary intake is sufficient. Higher dose vitamin D therapy may be required in the presence of osteomalacia. For diagnosed osteoporosis, standard pharmacologic therapies including bisphosphonates can be utilized, but have yet to be formally studied in this population. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
A randomized, prospective, pharmacoeconomic trial of neoral 2-hour postdose concentration monitoring versus tacrolimus trough concentration monitoring in de novo liver transplant recipients$$$ Two-hour postdose cyclosporine (C2) monitoring is becoming an accepted method of therapeutic drug monitoring, although it is not known whether C2 monitoring is superior to tacrolimus (FK)-based immunosuppression. The purpose of this trial was to compare the safety, efficacy, and pharmacoeconomics of cyclosporine A (CsA) monitored by C2 levels versus FK monitored by trough levels in de novo liver transplant recipients. After informed consent, 60 de novo liver transplant recipients were randomized in a 1:1 fashion to receive either FK (trough, 6-10 ng/mL) or CsA (C2, 600-1200 ng/mL) and corticosteroids. The 2 groups were similar for gender, race, indication for liver disease, and age. At 1 year, patient survival was similar (93% for FK versus 90% for C2). One patient in the FK arm was retransplanted because of recurrent hepatitis C virus (HCV). Early acute rejection occurred in 27% of FK-treated patients and 23% of CsA-treated recipients [P = not significant (NS)]. Recurrent HCV occurred in 21 % of FK-treated patients and 61 % of CsA-treated patient (P = 0.04). The incidence of other infections, new onset diabetes mellitus, requirement for antihypertensives, and requirement for cholesterol medications were similar between the groups. Annual calcineurin inhibitor costs were lower in the C2 arm ($5432 ± 2091 for C2 versus $8291 ± 3948 for FK, P = 0.001). Annual pretransplant drug costs ($2292 ± 2331 for C2 versus $2831 ± 2358 for FK, P = NS) and 1-year posttransplant drug costs ($17,214 ± 16,600 for C2 versus $15,151 ± 11,699 for FK, P = NS) were similar. In conclusion, immunosuppression with CsA, monitored by C2 levels, is safe, effective, and economical in liver transplant recipients and provides immunosuppression at least equivalent to that of FK. © 2008 AASLD. ER  - 
Clozapine use in children and adolescents$$$ Background: Although the role of clozapine is well established for treatment-resistant schizophrenia, it is rarely used in pediatric populations, mainly due to its potentially serious adverse effects. Objective: To summarize practical aspects of use of clozapine in treating children with schizophrenia and management of associated adverse effects. Methods: Available studies in the literature using clozapine in the pediatric population are summarized and the NIMH experience in treating refractory childhood-onset schizophrenia cases with clozapine is discussed. Conclusion: Despite a higher incidence of adverse effects in children, clozapine appears to be a uniquely beneficial second-line agent for treating children with refractory schizophrenia. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
A practical overview of tizanidine use for spasticity secondary to multiple sclerosis, stroke, and spinal cord injury$$$ Objective: Tizanidine is an imidazoline central α2- adrenoceptor agonist widely used to manage spasticity secondary to conditions such as multiple sclerosis (MS), stroke, and spinal cord injury (SCI). While there is widespread use of tizanidine in clinical practice, little practical information is available to assist preservers with the effective use of tizanidine for spasticity management. The aim of this review is to provide an up-to-date overview of tizanidine and its use in the management of spasticity associated with acquired (SCI), static (stroke), and progressive neurological (MS) diseases. Scope: An unfiltered literature search of the term 'tizanidine' was undertaken on the Medline database resulting in 311 papers. As the review focused on tizanidine clinical pharmacokinetics, efficacy, and tolerability, with comparisons limited to the oral antispastic agents baclofen, diazepam, and dantrolene, 53 articles were selected for detailed assessment. Findings: Tizanidine, an α2-adrenoceptor agonist, is a short-acting drug with larger interpatient variability, and linear pharmacokinetics that is dosage form-dependent. Clinical trials have demonstrated that the efficacy of tizanidine is comparable to that of baclofen or diazepam with global tolerability data favoring tizanidine. A clinical case presentation demonstrated the effective use of tizanidine in combination with baclofen as a logical avenue for improved spasticity control. Conclusions: There is a large body of evidence for the effective use of tizanidine monotherapy in the management of spasticity. A case study demonstrates that combination therapy can effectively control spasticity while better managing dose-dependant adverse events, although additional studies need to be performed to confirm these results. © 2008 Librapharm Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
A review of nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic therapies for smoking cessation$$$ Cigarette smoking is one of the leading causes of the development of cardiovascular disease and premature death among men and women in the United States. Smoking is associated with increased morbidity and mortality among both smokers and nonsmokers who are exposed to secondhand smoke. Smoking cessation can improve the health and overall outcomes of smokers almost immediately. Multiple attempts at cessation are often necessary to achieve complete abstinence because of the highly addictive properties of nicotine. Many treatment options, both nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic, are available to assist patients who are attempting to quit smoking. Cognitive behavior therapy has been demonstrated to be efficacious, prolonging abstinence rates when used in combination with pharmacologic therapy. Traditional pharmacologic therapies, including nicotine replacement therapy and bupropion, have been demonstrated to be effective in patients who are attempting smoking cessation. The approval of varenicline, the newest agent for smoking cessation, has provided clinicians with an additional treatment option. Clonidine and nortriptyline, although not approved by FDA for smoking cessation, have also been studied in this patient population; results have been conflicting. ER  - 
Glycopyrrolate for treatment of clozapine-induced sialorrhea in three adolescents$$$ Objective: The aim of this case study was to report preliminary data on the effectiveness and tolerability of glycopyrrolate for the treatment of clozapine-induced sialorrhea, or excessive flow of saliva, in an adolescent population. Method: Three adolescent females (age 1316), who developed sialorrhea secondary to clozapine treatment, received an open-label trial of glycopyrrolate (48 mg) during inpatient hospitalization for treatment-resistant psychotic illness. Results: The target symptom of sialorrhea was improved in all three cases, with patient self-reports of decreased production of saliva confirmed by staff observation. Glycopyrrolate was generally well tolerated by the patients. One patient reported constipation, which improved with symptomatic treatment. A second patient reported dry mouth, which improved with a reduction in dose of glycopyrrolate. Conclusions: These three cases provide support for the potential effectiveness and tolerability of glycopyrrolate for clozapine-induced sialorrhea in adolescents. Further controlled studies are required to determine the safety, efficacy and tolerability of glycopyrrolate in this age group and in adults for clozapine-induced sialorrhea. © 2008 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Neurologic manifestations of liver disease$$$ Neurologic symptoms can be observed in patients with either acute or chronic liver failure. Recently, it has been shown that patients with hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection, but only mild liver disease, may suffer chronic fatigue and progressive cognitive decline. The chapter describes the clinical features of hepatic encephalopathy (HE) associated with acute liver failure or liver cirrhosis, diagnostic approaches, and current therapeutic concepts. In addition, it gives a short overview of current knowledge about HCV infection-associated cognitive decline. © 2008 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
mGlu5 receptor antagonists and their therapeutic potential$$$ Background: Glutamate mediates its effects via ionotropic and metabotropic glutamate (mGlu) receptors. mGlu receptors are G protein-coupled receptors that are classified into three clusters, group I-III. This review focuses on the mGlu5 receptors of group I. mGlu5 receptors are highly expressed in limbic brain regions and are located postsynaptically. Objective: Following the discovery of the prototypical negative allosteric modulator MPEP, the therapeutic potential of mGlu5 receptors has been steadily explored and expanded. This review highlights present developments in drug discovery and the therapeutic potential of negative allosteric modulators. Methods: Material evaluated ranged from patents to published literature, but also included information that is available from public-accessible websites. Results/conclusion: Based on the wide and consistent effects of prototypical antagonists, such as MPEP, it is concluded that mGlu5 receptor antagonists have treatment potential for both peripheral and central nervous system disorders ranging from psychiatric, neurological to neuromuscular, including illnesses with no apparent nervous system link, such as cancer. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Influence of posttraumatic stress disorder of the fathers on other family members.$$$ The purpose of this work is to analyze the frequency of depression and anxiety and children behaviour in families whose heads of the family (father) suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). The study was conducted from September 2005 until July 2006, with patients living in Mostar. The frequency of depression and anxiety in family members older than 18 years, and changes of the behaviour in children younger than 18 years of age were measured. The data were collected from 60 men and their families who had been diagnosed with PTSD by their psychiatrist. The control group was formed using matching criteria (age of the head of the family, his education, religion, family income and number of children). In this study, three questionnaires were used: one specially designed for this study, covering general information about family members, and a personal opinion of each family member about the family situation and relations within the family; Hopkins symptoms checklist - 25 (HSCL-25) for evaluation of depression and anxiety for subjects older than 18; and General Health Questionnaire (GHQ) for children 5 to 18 years of age, which was completed by their mothers. More wives from the PTSD families had depression than wives from the controlled group (chi2=21,099; df=1; P<0,050). There was no difference between groups in frequency of depression and anxiety (chi2=0,003; df=1; P=0,959) for children older than 18 years. No difference in answers between groups of children younger than 18 years were found in the General Health Questionnaire. However, we found significant differences in separate questions. Mothers, who filled the questionnaire form, reported that children from fathers who had PTSD experienced stomach pain more often (chi2=10,474;df=2; P=0,005), eating problems (chi2=14,204;df=2; P=0,001) and breathing problems (chi2=9,748;df=2; P=0,008), than children from fathers who did not have PTSD. Children from fathers with PTSD were more easily upset (chi2=7,586; df=2; P=0,023) and worried more often (chi2=12,093; df=2; P=0,002), they were also more aggressive towards other children (chi2=6,156; df=1; P=0,013). The controlled group of children who wanted to help with the house work was larger than the tested group (chi2=10,383; df=2; P=0,006). More children from the controlled group missed school than from the other group of surveyed children (chi2=6,056; df=2; P=0,048). A significantly larger number of women, whose husbands had PTSD, were depressed, unlike women whose husbands were not ill. There was no significant difference in depression manifestation in a group of children older than 18, as well as in behaviour of a group of children younger than 18, but significant differences in some provided answers were found, that indicate the differences between controlled and tested groups. ER  - 
Histone deacetylase inhibitors: Possible implications for neurodegenerative disorders$$$ During the past six years numerous studies identified histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors as candidate drugs for the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders. Two major neuroprotective mechanisms of HDAC inhibitors have been identified, namely the transcriptional activation of disease-modifying genes and the correction of perturbations in histone acetylation homeostasis, which have been shown to be intimately involved in the neurodegenerative pathomechanisms of Huntington's, Parkinson's and Kennedy disease, amyotropic lateral sclerosis, Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome as well as stroke. Based on the promising in vitro and in vivo analyses, clinical trials have been initiated to evaluate the safety and efficacy of HDAC inhibitors for the treatment of devastating diseases such as Huntington's disease, amyotropic lateral sclerosis and spinal muscular atrophy. Here, the authors summarize and discuss the findings on the emerging field of epigenetic therapy strategies in neurodegenerative disorders. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
An evidence-based review updating the various treatment and management approaches to serotonin reuptake inhibitor-associated sexual dysfunction$$$ Although most patients (80-90%) will respond to the first or second antidepressant prescribed, major depression disease management outcomes data are poor. Serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SRI) antidepressant-associated sexual dysfunction, which is reported to occur in 40-70% of patients on these agents, is a major factor for treatment non-compliance, treatment failure and costly disease management outcomes. Up to 90% of patients with treatment-emergent sexual dysfunction will discontinue their prescribed medication prematurely. Despite several thousand published reports on treatment modalities based on heuristic post hoc hypotheses of central serotonin inhibition and those involving agonist, antagonist, partial agonist, switching, augmentation and waiting management approaches, no evidence-based data are available to support those treatment modalities, leaving patients exposed to random pharmacology. The emergence of new approaches based on novel signaling to treat sexual dysfunction, which demonstrate efficacy for selective type 5 phosphodiesterase inhibitor treatment of SRI antidepressant-associated sexual dysfunction, offers an opportunity for an evidence-based re-evaluation of the comparative effectiveness of various management approaches to SRI antidepressant-associated sexual dysfunction. Copyright 2008 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Drug therapy in pregnancy: Carefully changing our approach$$$ Medical therapy in pregnancy is an inescapable scenario faced by all doctors. The fact that a vulnerable fetus is involved makes the situation all the more challenging. Almost all drugs on the market were not designed with pregnancy in mind and because of the fear of costly litigation, pharmaceutical companies are extremely reluctant to test and later endorse their products for use during pregnancy. Instead disclaimers are the norm. Nonetheless medical conditions in pregnant women do need to be treated. This demands that physicians understand the pregnancy physiology and fetal development, stay abreast of new information and maintain a flexible approach in order to best manage the mother and her unborn child. This article covers basic principles and then illustrates this flexible approach using three diagnostic areas where new information has recently become available. ER  - 
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in pediatric patients with epilepsy: Review of pharmacological treatment$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with epilepsy is a common source of impairment. Based on review of Medline indexed articles, meeting abstracts, and data requested from drug manufacturers, a summary of evidence that might guide treatment and research is presented. Methylphenidate (MPH) has shown high response rates and no increase in seizures in small trials. However, low baseline seizure rates, small numbers of subjects, and short observation periods limit the power of these studies to detect increases in seizure risk. Although longer-term effects of MPH and its effects in children with frequent seizures need to be studied, the evidence available at this time best supports use of MPH for the treatment of ADHD not amenable to changes in antiepileptic drugs or improvements in seizure control. This treatment should be part of a biopsychosocial approach. Other agents show promise. Preclinical, retrospective and open-label studies on amphetamines and atomoxetine support undertaking randomized controlled studies of these agents in patients with ADHD plus epilepsy. In contrast, additional data on guanfacine and modafinil should be gathered before undertaking randomized controlled studies with these agents. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Migraine incidence, comorbidity and health resource utilization in the UK$$$ Population-based data on migraine incidence and comorbidity are scarce. We therefore aimed to quantify incidence rates and comorbidity of diagnosed migraine and health resource utilization (HRU) in migraineurs in the UK primary care setting. We conducted a follow-up study with a nested case-control analysis on the General Practice Research Database. The study encompassed 51 688 patients with a first-time diagnosis of migraine between 1994 and 2001, and the same number of matched controls. The migraine incidence rate was 3.69 (95% confidence interval 3.66, 3.73) cases per 1000 person-years. It was around 2.5 times higher in women. Most chronic diseases were slightly more prevalent in migraineurs than in controls. Triptan users had higher health resource utilization than other migraineurs. This study shows that migraine is a common diagnosis in general practice and associated with a high prevalence of comorbidity. The increased HRU in triptan users suggests greater migraine severity. © Blackwell Publishing Ltd, 2007. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs in non-epilepsy disorders: Relations between mechanisms of action and clinical efficacy$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are used extensively to treat multiple non-epilepsy disorders, both in neurology and psychiatry. This article provides a review of the clinical efficacy of AEDs in non-epilepsy disorders based on recently published preclinical and clinical studies, and attempts to relate this efficacy to the mechanism of action of AEDs and pathophysiological processes associated with the disorders. Some newer indications for AEDs have been established, while others are under investigation. The disorders where AEDs have been demonstrated to be of clinical importance include neurological disorders, such as essential tremor, neuropathic pain and migraine, and psychiatric disorders, including anxiety, schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Many of the AEDs have various targets of action in the synapse and have several proposed relevant mechanisms of action in epilepsy and in other disorders. Pathophysiological processes disturb neuronal excitability by modulating ion channels, receptors and intracellular signalling pathways, and these are targets for the pharmacological action of various AEDs. Attention is focused on the glutamatergic and GABAergic synapses. In psychiatric conditions such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, AEDs such as valproate, carbamazepine and lamotrigine appear to have clear roles based on their effect on intracellular pathways. On the other hand, some AEDs, e.g. topiramate, have efficacy for nonpsychiatric disorders including migraine, possibly by enhancing GABAergic and reducing glutamatergic neurotransmission. AEDs that seem to enhance GABAergic neurotransmission, e.g. tiagabine, valproate, gabapentin and possibly levetiracetam, may have a role in treating neurological disorders such as essential tremor, or anxiety disorders. AEDs with effects on voltage-gated sodium or calcium channels may be advantageous in treating neuropathic pain, e.g. gabapentin, pregabalin, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, lamotrigine and valproate. Co-morbid conditions associated with epilepsy, such as mood disorders and migraine, may often respond to treatment with AEDs. Other possible disorders where AEDs may be of clinical importance include cancer, HIV infection, drug and alcohol abuse, and also in neuroprotection. A future challenge is to evaluate the second-generation AEDs in non-epilepsy disorders and to design clinical trials to study their effects in such disorders in paediatric patients. Differentiation between the main mechanisms of action of the AEDs needs more consideration in drug selection for tailored treatment of the various non-epilepsy disorders. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term cognitive and mood effects of zonisamide monotherapy in epilepsy patients$$$ This study was a prospective, randomized, open-label investigation of the long-term effects of zonisamide (ZNS) monotherapy on cognition and mood of patients with epilepsy. Forty-three patients with epilepsy received ZNS, with final dose groups of 100, 200, 300, and 400 mg/day. Cognitive and mood tests were done twice, at baseline and 1 year after starting medication. Nine patients were withdrawn prior to their follow-up tests. Three patients (33%) dropped out during the titration period because of cognitive and mood problems. Thirty-four patients completed follow-up neuropsychological tests. After 1 year of treatment, 16 patients (47%) complained of cognitive deficits. Only 5 patients (15%) experienced mood changes. Although ZNS decreased seizure frequency and EEG abnormalities and did not elicit significant mood changes, it had negative effects on several cognitive tests. Worse performance on delayed word recall, Trail Making Test Part B, and verbal fluency was related to dose. In conclusion, ZNS has adverse effects on cognition even after 1 year of treatment. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term significance of postictal psychotic episodes. II. Are they predictive of interictal psychotic episodes?$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to determine whether postictal psychotic episodes (PIPE) are predictive of the development of interictal psychotic episodes (IPE). Methods: This was a retrospective study of 18 consecutive adults with a partial seizure disorder and PIPE (study group) and 36 patients with a partial seizure disorder but without PIPE (control group). These two groups were compared with respect to the likelihood of developing IPE over an 8-year follow-up period and the variables operant in the development of IPE. Statistical analyses consisted of logistic regression models to identify the variables predictive of the development of IPE. Predictors included: number and location of ictal foci, seizure type, etiology, age at seizure onset, duration of seizure disorder, MRI abnormalities, and psychiatric history prior to the index video/EEG monitoring (other than PIPE). Results: Seven patients with PIPE and one control patient went on to develop an IPE. Predictors of IPE in univariate logistic regression analyses included a history of PIPE (P = 0.006), male gender (P = 0.028), and having bilateral ictal foci (P = 0.048). Significance disappeared for all of these variables when they were entered into a multivariate analysis. Conclusions: A history of PIPE may be a risk factor for the development of IPE. Yet, the disappearance of significance on multivariate analysis indicates that it is not an independent predictor. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term significance of postictal psychotic episodes. I. Are they predictive of bilateral ictal foci?$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the degree to which postictal psychotic episodes (PIPE) are predictive of bilateral independent ictal foci. Methods: This was a retrospective study of 18 consecutive adults with a partial seizure disorder and PIPE (study group) and 36 patients with a partial seizure disorder but without PIPE (control group). The two groups were compared with respect to the number and location of ictal foci identified with video/EEG monitoring, seizure type, etiology, age at seizure onset, duration of seizure disorder, MRI abnormalities, and psychiatric history prior to the index video/EEG monitoring (other than PIPE). Statistical analyses consisted of logistic regression models, one to identify the variables predictive of bilateral ictal foci and the other to identify the variables predictive of PIPE. Results: The occurrence of PIPE (P < 0.0001) and cryptogenic partial epilepsy (P = 0.004) was predictive of bilateral independent ictal foci in univariate analyses. In multivariate analyses, cryptogenic partial epilepsy was the only significant variable (P = 0.03). Conversely, bilateral independent ictal foci on video/EEG monitoring (P < 0.0001) and having secondarily generalized tonic-clonic seizures (P = 0.035) were independent predictors of the development of PIPE in univariate and multivariate analyses. Surgery was performed in 20 controls and 3 patients with PIPE; 17 controls and 2 patients with PIPE became seizure-free. Conclusions: The presence of PIPE appears to be a predictor of bilateral ictal foci. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of second-generation antipsychotics in children and adolescents with schizophrenia$$$ Early-onset schizophrenia-spectrum (EOSS) disorders (onset of psychotic symptoms before 18 years of age) represent a severe variant associated with significant chronic functional impairment and poor response to antipsychotic treatment. All drugs with proven antipsychotic effects block dopamine D 2 receptors to some degree. The ongoing development of the dopamine and other neurotransmitter receptor systems during childhood and adolescence may affect clinical response and susceptibility to side effects in youth. A literature search was conducted of clinical trials of antipsychotics in children and adolescents with EOSS disorders between 1980 and 2007 from the Medline database, reference lists, and conference proceedings. Trials were limited to double-blind studies of duration of 4 or more weeks that included 15 or more patients. Ten clinical trials were identified. Antipsychotic medications were consistently found to reduce the severity of psychotic symptoms in children and adolescents when compared with placebo. The superiority of clozapine has been now demonstrated relative to haloperidol, standard-dose olanzapine, and "high-dose" olanzapine for EOSS disorders. However, limited comparative data are available regarding whether there are differences among the remaining second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) in clinical effectiveness. The available data from short-term studies suggest that youth might be more sensitive than adults to developing antipsychotic-related adverse side effects (eg, extrapyramidal side effects, sedation, prolactin elevation, weight gain). In addition, preliminary data suggest that SGA use can lead to the development of diabetes in some youth, a disease which itself carries with it significant morbidity and mortality. Such a substantial risk points to the urgent need to develop therapeutic strategies to prevent and/or mitigate weight gain and diabetes early in the course of treatment in this population. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Hepatitis C: A clinical review$$$ Hepatitis C is a major cause of chronic liver disease. It has been recognized as a global health problem because of the progression to cirrhosis and hepatocellular cancer. Chronic hepatitis C is usually asymptomatic but can cause considerable liver damage before its recognition. This review discusses the natural history, clinical features, diagnosis, therapy, treatment responses and the side effects associated with the treatment of hepatitis C. ER  - 
Evidence-informed management of chronic low back pain with adjunctive analgesics$$$ Editors' preface: The management of chronic low back pain (CLBP) has proven very challenging in North America, as evidenced by its mounting socioeconomic burden. Choosing among available nonsurgical therapies can be overwhelming for many stakeholders, including patients, health providers, policy makers, and third-party payers. Although all parties share a common goal and wish to use limited health-care resources to support interventions most likely to result in clinically meaningful improvements, there is often uncertainty about the most appropriate intervention for a particular patient. To help understand and evaluate the various commonly used nonsurgical approaches to CLBP, the North American Spine Society has sponsored this special focus issue of The Spine Journal, titled Evidence-Informed Management of Chronic Low Back Pain Without Surgery. Articles in this special focus issue were contributed by leading spine practitioners and researchers, who were invited to summarize the best available evidence for a particular intervention and encouraged to make this information accessible to nonexperts. Each of the articles contains five sections (description, theory, evidence of efficacy, harms, and summary) with common subheadings to facilitate comparison across the 24 different interventions profiled in this special focus issue, blending narrative and systematic review methodology as deemed appropriate by the authors. It is hoped that articles in this special focus issue will be informative and aid in decision making for the many stakeholders evaluating nonsurgical interventions for CLBP. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Atypical Antipsychotics for the Treatment of Delirious Elders$$$ Background: Delirium occurs frequently in hospitalized patients and is reported to occur at a rate of 10% to 40% in hospitalized elderly patients. The gold standard of treatment is to treat the underlying cause of delirium and use high-potency antipsychotics such as haloperidol to target the behavioral disturbances. Since the development of atypical antipsychotics, many psychiatric conditions that were previously only treatable using high-potency antipsychotics may now be managed with the atypical agents. This review will examine the current literature on atypical antipsychotics and summarize the results from published trials in order to evaluate the efficacy and potential benefits of atypical antipsychotics for the treatment of delirium in the elderly population. Methods: A search of the published literature was conducted using MEDLINE and PubMed. The PubMed search was limited to articles that were (1) written in the English language, (2) focused on human subjects above age 65, and (3) were in the format of review articles, randomized controlled trials (RCTs), clinical trials, or meta-analyses. The initial PubMed search was conducted in March 2006 with follow-up investigations in April 2006 and July 2007. Results: Risperidone, the most thoroughly studied atypical antipsychotic, was found to be approximately 80% to 85% effective in treating the behavioral disturbances of delirium at a dosage of 0.5 to 4 mg daily. Studies of olanzapine indicated that it was approximately 70% to 76% effective in treating delirium at doses of 2.5 to 11.6 mg daily. Very few studies have been conducted using quetiapine; it also appears to be a safe and effective alternative to high-potency antipsychotics. In comparison to haloperidol, the frequency of adverse reactions and side effects was found to be much lower with the use of atypical antipsychotic medications. In the limited number of trials comparing atypical antipsychotics to haloperidol, haloperidol consistently produced a higher rate (an additional 10% to 13%) of extrapyramidal side effects. Conclusions: A review of current literature supports the conclusion that atypical antipsychotic medications demonstrate similar rates of efficacy as haloperidol for the treatment of delirium in the elderly patient, with a lower rate of extrapyramidal side effects. There is limited evidence of true efficacy, since no double-blind placebo trials exist. © 2008 American Medical Directors Association. ER  - 
Ziprasidone: Clinical properties and therapeutic promise$$$ Ziprasidone is a second-generation antipsychotic with combined dopamine and serotonin receptor antagonistic activity. The initial evidence suggests an effective dosage range of 120-160 mg/day. Clinical trials have demonstrated that the drug is an effective antipsychotic in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders with some beneficial effect on negative symptoms and on symptoms of depression in schizophrenia. In addition, ziprasidone is efficacious in the manic phase of bipolar disorder. Ziprasidone has relatively few side effects, while its efficacy for florid positive symptoms is at least equivalent to conventional antipsychotics. The main adverse effects are somnolence and nausea. It has a better effect on cognitive deficiencies than conventional antipsychotics. The almost complete lack of weight gain or metabolic side effects makes ziprasidone an attractive second-generation antipsychotic agent. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Cannabinoids for the treatment of neuropathic pain: Clinical evidence$$$ Neuropathic pain is a worldwide epidemic that occurs in 3 to 8% of individuals in industrialized countries and is often refractory to existing treatments. Drugs currently available to target neuropathic pain are, at best, moderately effective and include antidepressants, gabapentin, NMDA receptor antagonists, as well as other anticonvulsants, all of which are limited by their adverse-effect profiles. Cannabinoid drugs are emerging as a promising class of drugs to treat neuropathic pain and have been tested for analgesic effects in a range of chronic pain conditions. Data show that cannabinoids are often effective in individuals with refractory pain receiving concomitant analgesic drugs. Clinical studies on cannabinoids for the treatment of neuropathic pain are reviewed, focusing on clinical trials published within the last five years. Data from large, well-controlled studies show that cannabinoids are moderately effective in reducing chronic pain and that side effects are comparable to existing treatments, suggesting that cannabinoids can play a useful role in the management of chronic pain. Like other drugs for neuropathic pain, cannabinoids have a dose titration that is limited by psychoactive side effects. The development of cannabinoid drugs to target neuropathic pain with improved therapeutic ratios will depend upon the development of cannabinoid treatments with reduced psychoactivity. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Neurological complications of psychiatric drugs: Clinical features and management$$$ This paper reviews the main neurological complications of psychiatric drugs, in particular antipsychotics and antidepressants. Extrapyramidal syndromes include acute dystonia, parkinsonism, akathisia, tardive dyskinesia and tardive dystonia. Extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS) are less frequent with atypical than with conventional antipsychotics but remain common in clinical practice partly due to lack of screening by health professionals. Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) consists of severe muscle rigidity, pyrexia, change in conscious level and autonomic disturbance but partial forms also occur. NMS is particularly associated with the initiation and rapid increase in dose of high-potency antipsychotics but it has been reported with all the atypical antipsychotics and rarely with other drugs including antidepressants. Serotonin toxicity comprises altered mental state (agitation, excitement, confusion), neuromuscular hyperactivity (tremor, clonus, myoclonus, hyperreflexia) and autonomic hyperactivity and occurs on a spectrum. Severe cases, termed serotonin syndrome, usually follow the co-prescription of drugs that increase serotonergic transmission by different pathways, for example a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) and a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI). Most antipsychotics and antidepressants lower the seizure threshold and can cause seizures; the risk is greater with clozapine than with other atypical antipsychotics and greater with tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) than with SSRIs. In randomised controlled trials in elderly patients with dementia atypical antipsychotics are associated with a higher risk of stroke and death than placebo. Cohort studies suggest that conventional drugs carry at least the same risk. Cessation of treatment with antipsychotics and antidepressants can lead to a wide range of discontinuation symptoms which include movement disorders and other neurological symptoms. Clinicians need to be familiar with strategies to reduce the risk of these adverse events and to manage them when they arise. Their occurrence needs to be balanced against the benefits of psychiatric drugs in terms of efficacy and improved quality of life in a range of disorders. Copyright © 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Myeloablative chemotherapy with autologous hematopoietic progenitor cell rescue for childhood central nervous system tumors$$$ Myeloablative chemotherapy with autologous hematopoietic progenitor cell rescue has been evaluated in the treatment of children and young adults with brain tumors for whom conventional therapy is either too toxic (for example, radiotherapy in infants) or ineffective (for example, recurrent malignant tumors). With this strategy, myeloablative chemotherapy is administered to patients after initial surgery, and standard-dose chemotherapy. The success of myeloablative chemotherapy depends on the histological type of tumor, extent of disease and of surgical resection, and response to prior chemotherapy. Here, we review results of myeloablative chemotherapy with hematopoietic progenitor cell rescue in brain tumors of different histologies. ER  - 
Busulfan use in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: Pharmacology, dose adjustment, safety and efficacy in adults and children$$$ Busulphan (1, 4-bis [methanesulfonyl-y] butane) is a bi-functional alkylating agent that, in combination with cyclophosphamide, has been commonly used in conditioning regimens before hematological stem cell transplantation (HSCT) for nearly 20 years. Busulfan has a very narrow therapeutic index, and acute toxicity may be related to absorption and disposition of the drug and metabolites. Precise delivery of the oral formulation is compromised by errattic gastrointestinal absorption, particularly in infants and small children. An intravenous busulfan formula was approved nearly 40 years after the approval of the oral formulation. Busulfan levels expressed as the area under the concentration-time curve (AUC) higher than 1500 μM * minute were reported to increase the risk of developing veno-occlusive disease (VOD), while low levels may result in engraftment failure or disease relapse. VOD occurs in 11-40% of patients undergoing HSCT and is associated with death in 3.3% of patients. Measurement of individual plasma busulfan levels during oral or intravenous dosing to obtain an AUC is likely to provide the necessary elements to monitor the drug disposition, ensuring efficacy and preventing toxicity of patients undergoing HSCT. It is also important to consider the busulfan drug-drug interactions and adverse drug reactions that can develop during the therapeutic process. Busulfan therapeutic drug monitoring and dose-adjustment should be performed in specialized laboratories staffed by well-trained personnel. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
An update on therapeutics for tobacco dependence$$$ The aim of this review is to consider the clinical trial evidence for the efficacy of four classes of pharmacological treatment for nicotine dependence: nicotine replacement, antidepressants, nicotine-receptor partial agonists and drugs blocking cannabinoid receptors. Despite falls in many developed countries, the prevalence of smoking remains high and is increasing in developing countries. Stopping smoking before middle age substantially reduces the mortality associated with tobacco use. Although many people quit without formal help, both non-pharmacological and pharmacological interventions can help people to stop smoking. Drug therapies target neural pathways to reduce withdrawal symptoms associated with psychopharmacological dependence on nicotine. Nicotine replacement therapy and some antidepressants aid smoking cessation and are an established part of therapy. Newer pharmacological approaches include the use of the selective nicotinic partial agonists, varenicline and cytisine, and compounds targeting cannabinoid receptors (rimonabant). Recent evidence suggests that the nicotine-receptor partial agonist varenicline is at least as effective as nicotine replacement therapy and antidepressants. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Unexpected multiple sclerosis: Follow-up of 30 patients with magnetic resonance imaging and clinical conversion profile$$$ The concept of preclinical multiple sclerosis is now well recognised, and a diagnosis of silent brain T2 lesions is frequent because of the ease of performing MRI. Nevertheless, patients with incidental brain MRI fulfilling Barkhof- Tintoré criteria are more rare. We report a descriptive retrospective study of clinical and 5 year MRI follow-up in patients with subclinical demyelinating lesions fulfilling MRI Barkhof-Tintoré criteria with a normal neurological examination. 30 patients were identified and the first brain MRI was performed for various medical events: headaches (n = 14), migraine with (n = 2) or without (n = 4) aura, craniocerebral trauma (n = 3), depression (n = 3), dysmenorrhoea (n = 2), epilepsy (n = 1) and cognitive changes (n = 1). Mean time for the second brain MRI was 6 months (range 3-30). 23 patients had temporospatial dissemination (eight with gadolinium enhancement). 11 patients had clinical conversion: optic neuritis (n = 5), brainstem (n = 3), sensitive symptoms (n = 2) and cognitive deterioration (n = 1). Eight (72%) already had criteria of dissemination to space and time before the clinical event. Mean time between the first brain MRI and clinically isolated syndrome (CIS) was 2.3 years. To our knowledge, this is the first cohort of CIS with preclinical follow-up. Early treatment should be discussed in view of the predictive value on conversion of the MRI burden of the disease. ER  - 
Topiramate and Type 2 diabetes: An old wine in a new bottle$$$ Topiramate, a marketed antiepileptic drug, has been used to treat seizures and allied neurological problems since 1999. Recently, a series of newer findings for the use of topiramate have cropped up, which include Type 2 diabetes and obesity. In a series of clinical studies, a subset of neurological patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) serendipitously showed better glycaemic control when treated with topiramate. It has since been demonstrated that topiramate can act both as an insulin secretagogue and sensitiser in T2DM animal models. Pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes involves both β-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance. Therefore, an agent that has dual action (insulin secretagougue and sensitisation) is preferred for T2DM. Topiramate seems to act through multiple mechanisms to ameliorate diabetic symptoms, some of them unknown. Hence, it becomes imperative to discuss its probable modes of action. Topiramate raises new hope as an antidiabetic agent or a potential new chemotype with a better safety profile for the treatment of T2DM. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Menopause$$$ Menopause is the time of life when menstrual cycles cease, and is caused by reduced secretion of the ovarian hormones oestrogen and progesterone. Although menopause is a normal event for women, individual experiences vary, and some women seek medical advice for the management of symptoms. Many symptoms have been attributed to menopause, but only vasomotor dysfunction and vaginal dryness are consistently associated with this time of life in epidemiological studies. Other common symptoms such as mood changes, sleep disturbances, urinary incontinence, cognitive changes, somatic complaints, sexual dysfunction, and reduced quality of life may be secondary to other symptoms, or related to other causes. Trials of therapies for vasomotor dysfunction have shown improvements with oestrogen, gabapentin, paroxetine, and clonidine, but little or no benefit with other agents; adverse effects of these treatments must also be considered. Many questions about menopausal transition and its effects on health have not been adequately addressed. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Relevant issues in the monitoring and the toxicology of antidepressants$$$ This review provides specific information concerning the interpretation and usefulness of antidepressant drug monitoring. Fifteen antidepressants (ADs) were selected based on their importance in the 7 major markets (Japan, USA, France, United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, Germany) according to the Cognos Plus Study #11. Literature data were reviewed concerning monitoring of the tricyclic ADs amitriptyline, clomipramine, imipramine, and new generation antidepressants such as citalopram, escitalopram, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine, mianserin, mirtazapine, bupropion, and milnacipran. In addition, St.-John's Wort was added as this natural antidepressant is very popular in Europe. The objectives of therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) for old and new generation ADs differs, as older ADs have narrow therapeutic windows with higher risks of severe drug interactions, while the new ADs have a wide therapeutic range, but an unclear plasma concentration-effect relationship. Therefore, the purpose of TDM for new-generation ADs leads more to the monitoring of patient compliance and special patient groups such as the elderly, patients with liver and kidney impairment, patients with poor metabolism by CYP 450 and comedication with inhibitors and inducers of those enzymes. Copyright © 2008 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Topiramate: Its pharmacological properties and therapeutic efficacy in epilepsy$$$ Since 1990 eight new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have been developed; Among these new drugs, Topiramate (TPM) is one of the latest AEDs available for treating drug resistant partial epilensy both in adults and in children. The mechanisms underlying TPM antiepileptic activity are still incompletely understood. However, TPM, a sulfamate-substituted derivative of the naturally occurring monosaccharide D-fructose, has a different structure from other known AEDs. The antiepileptic activity of TPM in animal models of partial and generalized tonic-clonic seizures has been shown to be more effective as compared to other AEDs. Proposed mechanisms of action include reduction of epileptiform discharges through a voltage-dependent block of Na+ channels, enhancement of the activity of γ-aminobutyrate at some subtypes of γ-aminobutyrate receptors, and antagonism of non- N-methyl-D-asparpate (NMDA) glutamate receptors. The pharmacokinetic profile of TPM, which is characterized by its rapid and almost complete absorption after oral administration, linear pharmacokinetics, minimal protein binding and predominantly renal excretion, makes the drug a good option for the treatment. TPM was found to be effective and well tolerated in many studies conducted in adults and pediatric patients suffering from epilepsy. This review, summarising the main studies in this field, provides an overview of the current knowledge about the relevant pharmacological and clinical information on the efficacy and tolerability of TPM. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Monotherapy for partial epilepsy: Focus on levetiracetam$$$ Levetiracetam (LEV), the S-enantiomer of alpha-ethyl-2-oxo-1-pyrollidine acetamide, is a recently licensed antiepileptic drug (AED) for adjunctive therapy of partial seizures. Its mechanism of action is uncertain but it exhibits a unique profile of anticonvulsant activity in models of chronic epilepsy. Five randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials enrolling adult or pediatric patients with refractory partial epilepsy have demonstrated the efficacy of LEV as adjunctive therapy, with a responder rate (≥50% reduction in seizure frequency) of 28%-45%. Long-term efficacy studies suggest retention rates of 60% after one year, with 13% of patients seizure-free for 6 months of the study and 8% seizure-free for 1 year. More recent studies illustrated successful conversion to monotherapy in patients with refractory epilepsy, and its effectiveness as a single agent in partial epilepsy. LEV has also efficacy in generalized epilepsies. Adverse effects of LEV, including somnolence, lethargy, and dizziness, are generally mild and their occurrence rate seems to be not significantly different from that observed in placebo groups. LEV also has no clinically significant pharmacokinetic interactions with other AEDs, or with commonly prescribed medications. The combination of effective antiepileptic properties with a relatively mild adverse effect profile makes LEV an attractive therapy for partial seizures. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Depression in Parkinson's disease: Health risks, etiology, and treatment options$$$ Depression is found in about 30%-40% of all patients with Parkinson's disease (PD), but only a small percentage (about 20%) receive treatment. As a consequence, many PD patients suffer with reduced health-related quality of life. To address quality of life in depressed PD patients, we reviewed the literature on the health correlates of depression in PD (eg, cognitive function), etiology of depression in PD, and treatment options (ie, antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy, and psychotherapy). The current review is unique in its focus on psychosocial aspects, as well as neuropathological factors, of depression in PD. Overall, we conclude that neurochemical (eg, serotonin) and psychosocial factors (eg, coping style, self-esteem, and social support) contribute to the affective disturbances found in this neuropsychiatric population. Therefore, we recommend that a multidisciplinary (eg, pharmacotherapeutic, psychoeducational, and/or psychotherapeutic) approach to treatment be taken with depressed PD patients. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ This review focuses on the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults. It briefly addresses prevalence, diagnostic and differential diagnostic issues specific to adults. Stimulant medication, non-stimulant medication, and psychosocial treatments are thoroughly reviewed. For each class of medication possible mechanism of action, efficacy and side effects are summarized. Special attention is given to the pharmacological treatment for patients with adult ADHD and various comorbidities. In summary, stimulant medications are most effective and combined medication and psychosocial treatment is the most beneficial treatment option for most adult patients with ADHD. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Recent patents review on intranasal administration for CNS drug delivery$$$ The treatment of brain disorders is the greatest challenge because of a variety of formidable obstacles in effective drug delivery and maintaining therapeutic concentrations in the brain for a prolonged period. The brain is a delicate organ, and evolution built very efficient ways to protect it. The same mechanisms that protect it against intrusive chemicals can also frustrate therapeutic interventions. Approximately, 100% of large molecule drugs and >98% of small molecule drugs do not cross the blood-brain barrier (BBB). Many advanced and effective approaches to brain delivery of drugs have emerged in recent years. Intranasal drug delivery is one of the important delivery options for brain targeting, as the brain and nose compartments are connected to each other via the olfactory/trigeminal route and via peripheral circulation. Realization of nose to brain transport and the therapeutic viability of this route can be traced from the ancient times and has been investigated for rapid and effective transport in the last two decades. Many patents have been filed in recent past, claiming enhanced delivery of intranasally administered therapeutics to the brain via olfactory/trigeminal neural pathways, use of novel devices for targeted delivery to olfactory region etc. Various models have been designed and studied by scientists to establish the qualitative and quantitative transport through nasal mucosa to brain. The development of nasal drug products for brain targeting is still faced with enormous challenges. A better understanding in terms of properties of the drug candidate, nose to brain transport mechanism, and transport to and within the brain is of utmost importance. A critical review of recent patents claiming different approaches for enhanced brain delivery through the nasal route will help in determining the focus of this promising area of research. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Iloperidone: A new benzisoxazole atypical antipsychotic drug. Is it novel enough to impact the crowded atypical antipsychotic market?$$$ Iloperidone is a new-generation atypical antipsychotic agent, acting as a serotonin/dopamine (5-HT2A/D2) antagonist, under development by Vanda Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and other psychiatric conditions. Chemically, iloperidone is a benzisoxazole, like risperidone, and shows a multiple receptor binding profile, sharing this feature with the other atypical antipsychotic agents. Administered orally, the drug is highly bound to plasma proteins and extensively metabolised. Several clinical trials have been carried out, to check efficacy, safety and side effects. In order to introduce iloperidone as an agent for the treatment of schizophrenia, a short overview of the disease and of the most important antipsychotic drugs available or under development will be reported. Iloperidone pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics are presented herein, together with an evaluation of clinical safety and efficacy results. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
An expert opinion on methylphenidate treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in pediatric patients with epilepsy$$$ Methylphenidate (MPH) is one of the most commonly prescribed medications to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Despite the elevated rates of ADHD in children with epilepsy, few studies have examined the use of MPH in this population. Case reports have warned about new-onset seizures in patients treated with MPH, and drug-drug interactions between MPH and antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), as well as antidepressants. However, retrospective chart reviews, open-label trials and controlled trials of MPH in patients with epilepsy and ADHD have noted significant improvements in ADHD symptoms without an exacerbation of seizures or an adverse effect on AED serum levels. This paper reviews the chemistry and mechanisms of action of MPH, as well as preclinical, premarketing clinical trials and postmarketing data relevant to its use in patients with ADHD and epilepsy. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Oral nabilone capsules in the treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting and pain$$$ Background: Nabilone has been approved to treat chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. Recent studies have explored cannabinoids in pain management. Objectives: To review the evidence for the use of cannabinolds in general and nabilone in particular; i)in managing chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting; and ii) in treating pain. Method: A systematic review of published English literature used the terms: cancer, cannabinoid, nabilone, nausea, pain, tetrahydrocannabinol and vomiting as search terms. Reviews, meta-analyses and treatment trials were reviewed. Results/conclusions: Nabilone is superior to placebo, domperidone and prochlorperazine but not metoclopramide or chlorpromazine. Cannabinoids do not add to benefits of 5-HT3 receptor antagonists. Side effects are greater for nabilone than for prochlorperazine, in most studies patients prefered nabilone over prochlorperazine. Nabilone is ineffective in acute pain but benefits' in neuropathic pain and central hypersensitization. Recent guidelines place nabilone as a second to fourth line drug for neuropathic pain. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Epilepsy and cognition$$$ Epilepsy and cognition have a multi-tiered reciprocal relationship. Alteration in cognitive abilities and performance may occur in tandem with persistent seizures in a patient with epilepsy. Age at onset, type of seizures, frequency of seizures, types of underlying epilepsy syndrome, and the underlying pathological brain substrate driving epilepsy may all have variable and independent effects on cognition. Therapeutic intervention with anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) variably modulates cognitive abilities in a patient with epilepsy. Pathological substrate specific effects can compound the potential negative effects of AEDs on cognition. In this review all these aspects are addressed with an analysis of relevant evidence from peer-reviewed publications. ER  - 
Treatment of adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ This review focuses on the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults. It briefly addresses prevalence, diagnostic and differential diagnostic issues specific to adults. Stimulant medication, non-stimulant medication, and psychosocial treatments are thoroughly reviewed. For each class of medication possible mechanism of action, efficacy and side effects are summarized. Special attention is given to the pharmacological treatment for patients with adult ADHD and various comorbidities. In summary, stimulant medications are most effective and combined medication and psychosocial treatment is the most beneficial treatment option for most adult patients with ADHD. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Carbohydrate-based drugs in the treatment of epilepsy, depression and other affective disorders$$$ Mental illness affects a quarter of the US population. Recently, it has been shown that new, carbohydrate-based drugs hold promise in the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) disorders. A variety of ways.in which drugs of this sort may reduce the symptoms of epilepsy, - depression and other affective disorders have been proposed, including: targeting the immune system, disrupting glycolysis, acting at different sites in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis, and targeting specific biochemical pathways such as the inositol pathway. In the present review, the structure-activity relationships (SARs) of a wide variety of CNS-active carbohydrates are presented. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Spontaneous subarachnoid haemorrhage: A study of 462 patients$$$ Aims. To describe the demographic characteristics of patients with spontaneous subarachnoid haemorrhage (SAH) in our population and to compare the endovascular and surgical treatment of intracranial aneurysms. Patients and methods. We conducted a retrospective study of 462 patients who were admitted to the Hospital Universitario La Fe in Valencia between April 1997 and March 2005. Results. The mean age was 56.8 ± 14.8 years and 55.8% of the patients were females. The risk factors were: arterial hypertension, 40.3%; smoking, 32.7%; dyslipidemia, 16.0%; diabetes mellitus, 10.6%; alcoholism, 6.7%. A cerebral arteriography was performed in 369 patients and intracranial aneurysms were detected in 246 of them. Aneurysms were treated by embolisation in 62.6% of cases and by surgery in 22%. On comparing the embolisation and surgery groups, there were non-significant differences in the rates of complications. Infections were present in 21.9% of patients in the embolisation group versus 10.2% in the surgery group; epileptic seizures 6.1% versus 8%; hydrocephalus 2.7% versus 4%; rebleeding 4.1% versus 10.2%; clinical vasospasm 8.9% versus 6.1%. The rate of sequelae on discharge (a score on the modified Rankin Scale > 3) was 13.7% among surviving patients in the embolisation group and 15.5% in the group that had undergone surgery. The mortality rates in the two groups were 10.3 and 10%, respectively. Overall mortality rate was 30.1%. Conclusions. The presentation and course of SAH in our population follow a pattern that is similar to those reported in other countries. No differences in morbidity and mortality were detected between the endovascular and surgical treatment of ruptured intracranial aneurysms. © 2008, Revista de Neurología. ER  - 
Which drug to be used in smoking cessation?$$$ There are 3 first-line medications for smoking cessation i.e. nicotine replacement therapy (NRT), varenicline (a partial nicotine receptor agonist) and slow-release (SR) bupropion. All 3 agents approximately double 1-year quit rates when used for 3 months, although varenicline seems to be a little more efficacious than bupropion SR. An un-blinded study comparing varenicline with nicotine patches are analysed in details and it is concluded that the validity of that study is low regarding the relative efficacy of varenicline versus NRT. Depression and suicidal attempts have been reported with varenicline use but it is probably not induced by varenicline but by the quitting process per se. It is recommended that the first agent to be used in smoking cessation should be NRT as it is the best documented product with mild side effects. It might be optimal to combine the patch with either gum, inhaler, sublingual tablets or nasal spray. In subjects that have failed with NRT, varinicline should be the choice. Bupropion SR is preferred to subjects with depression or smokers who have failed with the previous two agents, due to the many contra-indications and side effects of bupropion SR. With one of the 3 agents combined with follow-up visits with counselling, one can expect a 1-year quit rate around 20-25%. Copyright by Medycyna Praktyczna, 2008. ER  - 
Ocular toxicity of fludarabine: A purine analog$$$ The purine analogs, fludarabine and cladribine represent an important class of chemotherapy agents used to treat a broad spectrum of lymphoid malignancies. Their toxicity profiles include dose-limiting myelosuppression, immunosuppression, opportunistic infection and severe neurotoxicity. This review summarizes the neurotoxicity of high- and standard-dose fludarapine, focusing on the clinical and pathological manifestations in the eye. The mechanisms of ocular toxicity are probably multifactorial. With increasinq clinical use, an awareness of the neurological and ocular vulnerability, particularly to fludarabine is important owing to the potential for life- and sight-threatening consequences. © 2008 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in the treatment of epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy is a common chronic disorder that requires long-term antiepileptic drug therapy. Approximately one half of patients fail the initial antiepileptic drug and about 35% are refractory to medical therapy, highlighting the continued need for more effective and better tolerated drugs. Levetiracetam is an antiepileptic drug marketed since 2000. Its novel mechanism of action is modulation of synaptic neurotransmitter release through binding to the synaptic vesicle protein SV2A in the brain. Its pharmacokinetic advantages include rapid and almost complete absorption, minimal insignificant binding to plasma protein, absence of enzyme induction, absence of interactions with other drugs, and partial metabolism outside the liver. The availability of an intravenous preparation is yet another advantage. It has been demonstrated effective as adjunctive therapy for refractory partial-onset seizures, primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures, and myoclonic seizures of juvenile myoclonic epilepsy. In addition, it was found equivalent to controlled release carbamazepine as first-line therapy for partial-onset seizures, both in efficacy and tolerability. Its main adverse effects in randomized adjunctive trials in adults have been somnolence, asthenia, infection, and dizziness. In children, the behavioral adverse effects of hostility and nervousness were also noted. Levetiracetam is an important addition to the treatment of epilepsy. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cerebral palsy: Pharmacologic treatment of spasticity$$$ Cerebral palsy is the leading cause of childhood disability. Current estimates suggest that 764,000 children and adults in the United States have cerebral palsy. The occurrence is 1 to 2.3 cases per 1,000 births. The extent of disability in cerebral palsy can vary from a mild motor disorder to major cognitive defects and wheelchair dependence. Cerebral palsy is defined as a primary abnormality of movement and posture secondary to a nonprogressive lesion in the developing brain. The motor disorder is often accompanied by epilepsy and disturbances of sight, hearing, cognition, communication, and behavior. This article will review pharmacologic treatments of the most common movement disorder associated with cerebral palsy - spasticity. ER  - 
The alcohol withdrawal syndrome$$$ The alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS) is a common management problem in hospital practice for neurologists, psychiatrists and general physicians alike. Although some patients have mild symptoms and may even be managed in the outpatient setting, others have more severe symptoms or a history of adverse outcomes that requires close inpatient supervision and benzodiazepine therapy. Many patients with AWS have multiple management issues (withdrawal symptoms, delirium tremens, the Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome, seizures, depression, polysubstance abuse, electrolyte disturbances and liver disease), which requires a coordinated, multidisciplinary approach. Although AWS may be complex, careful evaluation and available treatments should ensure safe detoxification for most patients. ER  - 
Controversy: Does repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation/ transcranial direct current stimulation show efficacy in treating tinnitus patients?$$$ Background: Tinnitus affects 10% of the population, its pathophysiology remains incompletely understood, and treatment is elusive. Functional imaging has demonstrated a relationship between the intensity of tinnitus and the degree of reorganization in the auditory cortex. Experimental studies have further shown that tinnitus is associated with synchronized hyperactivity in the auditory cortex. Therefore, targeted modulation of auditory cortex has been proposed as a new therapeutic approach for chronic tinnitus. Methods: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are noninvasive methods that can modulate cortical activity. These techniques have been applied in different ways in patients with chronic tinnitus. Single sessions of high-frequency rTMS over the temporal cortex have been successful in reducing the intensity of tinnitus during the time of stimulation and could be predictive for treatment outcome of chronic epidural stimulation using implanted electrodes. Results: Another approach that uses rTMS as a treatment for tinnitus is application of low-frequency rTMS in repeated sessions, to induce a lasting change of neuronal activity in the auditory cortex beyond the duration of stimulation. Beneficial effects of this treatment have been consistently demonstrated in several small controlled studies. However, results are characterized by high interindividual variability and only a moderate decrease of the tinnitus. The role of patient-related (for example, hearing loss, tinnitus duration, age) and stimulation-related (for example, stimulation site, stimulation protocols) factors still remains to be elucidated. Conclusions: Even in this early stage of investigation, there is a convincing body of evidence that rTMS represents a promising tool for pathophysiological assessment and therapeutic management of tinnitus. Further development of this technique will depend on a more detailed understanding of the neurobiological effects mediating the benefit of TMS on tinnitus perception. Moreover clinical studies with larger sample sizes and longer follow-up periods are needed. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Tiagabine: Efficacy and safety in partial seizures - Current status$$$ Tiagabine hydrochloride (TGB) is a selective gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) reuptake inhibitor. TGB is effective as an add-on medication in adults and children 12 years and older in the treatment of partial seizures. Results of nonrandomized add-on trials with TGB show treatment success with seizure reduction of at least 50% in 33% to 46% of patients. In newly diagnosed patients with partial epilepsy, TGB monotherapy was as effective as carbamazepine. Comedication with TGB elevates the risk of nonconvulsive status (7.8% vs 2.7% without TGB). The most common side effects include dizziness/lightheadedness, asthenia/ lack of energy and somnolence. TGB has no negative effects on cognition; it does not increase the risk of fractures or rash. TGB may interfere with color perception. TGB presents an intermediate risk for depression in patients with epilepsy (approximately 4%). Regarding the risk of overdose, 96-680 mg TGB (mean 224 mg) caused seizures or coma. TGB is an antiepileptic drug exhibiting a specific anticonvulsive mechanism of action, the efficacy of which is relatively low when used in comedication. Critical side effects, such as the induction of nonconvulsive status epilepticus, further limit its use. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cancer pain and analgesia$$$ Pain ranges in prevalence from 14-100% among cancer patients and occurs in 50-70% of those in active treatment. Cancer pain may result from direct invasion of tumor into nerves, bones, soft tissue, ligaments, and fascia, and may induce visceral pain through distension and obstruction. Cancer pain is multifaceted. Clinicians may describe cancer pain as acute, chronic, nociceptive (somatic), visceral, or neuropathic. Despite implementation of the WHO guidelines, reports of undertreatment of cancer pain persist in various clinical settings and in spite of decades of work to reduce unnecessary discomfort. Substantial obstacles to adequate pain relief with opioids include specific concerns of patients themselves, their family members, physicians, nurses, and the healthcare system. The WHO analgesic ladder serves as the mainstay of treatment for the relief of cancer pain in concert with tumoricidal, surgical, interventional, radiotherapeutic, psychological, and rehabilitative modalities. This multidimensional approach offers the greatest potential for maximizing analgesia and minimizing adverse effects. Primary therapies are directed at the source of the cancer pain and may enhance a patient's function, longevity, and comfort. Adjuvant therapies include nonopioids that confer analgesic effects in certain medical conditions but primarily treat conditions that do not involve pain. Nonopioid medications (over-the-counter agents) are useful in the management of mild to moderate pain, and their continuation through step 3 of the WHO ladder is an option after weighing a drug's risks and benefits in individual patients. Symptomatic treatment of severe cancer pain should begin with an opioid, regardless of the mechanism of the pain. They are very effective analgesics, titrate easily, and offer a favorable risk/benefit ratio. Cancer pain remains inadequately controlled despite the diagnostic and therapeutic means of ensuring that patients feel comfortable during their illness. Therefore, all practitioners need to make control of cancer pain a professional duty, even if they can only use the most basic and least expensive analgesic medications, such as morphine, codeine, and acetaminophen, to reduce human suffering. © 2008 New York Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
Multiple sclerosis$$$ Multiple sclerosis is primarily an inflammatory disorder of the brain and spinal cord in which focal lymphocytic infiltration leads to damage of myelin and axons. Initially, inflammation is transient and remyelination occurs but is not durable. Hence, the early course of disease is characterised by episodes of neurological dysfunction that usually recover. However, over time the pathological changes become dominated by widespread microglial activation associated with extensive and chronic neurodegeneration, the clinical correlate of which is progressive accumulation of disability. Paraclinical investigations show abnormalities that indicate the distribution of inflammatory lesions and axonal loss (MRI); interference of conduction in previously myelinated pathways (evoked electrophysiological potentials); and intrathecal synthesis of oligoclonal antibody (examination by lumbar puncture of the cerebrospinal fluid). Multiple sclerosis is triggered by environmental factors in individuals with complex genetic-risk profiles. Licensed disease modifying agents reduce the frequency of new episodes but do not reverse fixed deficits and have questionable effects on the long-term accumulation of disability and disease progression. We anticipate that future studies in multiple sclerosis will provide a new taxonomy on the basis of mechanisms rather than clinical empiricism, and so inform strategies for improved treatment at all stages of the disease. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Drug-induced movement disorders in children$$$ This article reviews the current state of knowledge of drug-induced movement disorders (DIMDs) in children. The objective is to aid clinicians who treat children with medications that may induce DIMDs, as well as specialists consulted on DIMDs. As with adults, the most common agents are dopaminergic and dopamine-blocking medications, and prescriptions for these agents have increased markedly in children. Unfortunately, most evidence-based reviews, including those from the Cochrane Collaboration cited here, have few systematic data to analyze. Many publications are small case series. This report attempts to provide useful information, with appropriate caution and discussion of the limitations of what we know. © 2008 New York Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
Advances in the treatment of intermediate and posterior uveitis$$$ Owing to the propensity for visual loss, immunosuppressive treatment in the form of systemic and/or local therapy is often required for the management of noninfective intermediate and posterior uveitis. Systemic corticosteroids are often used initially as they are fast acting, potent and inexpensive. However, other agents may be introduced, either owing to a lack of response to the steroids or to reduce the amount of corticosteroid required. This review explores new therapeutic options and will therefore concentrate on newer steroid-sparing immunosuppressives - the antimetabolite mycophenolate mofetil and biological agents, such as infliximab and interferon) - and on local therapy, such as intravitreal injections and implants). Well-conducted, randomized clinical trials are still required to confirm their benefit. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Adverse reactions to antifungal agents$$$ An increase in the number of immunocompromised hosts has led to an increase in the incidence of fungal infections, predominantly those caused by Candida and Aspergillus spp. The older drugs amphotericin B and flucytosine continue to be used but are associated with major adverse effects such as nephrotoxicity, hepatotoxicity and bone marrow depression, respectively. The older imidazoles used topically for superficial mycoses can produce local reactions. Triazoles as a class can cause hepatotoxicity and are susceptible to drug interactions due to their metabolism by CYP450 enzymes. Visual disturbances and photosensitivity are associated with the use of voriconazole. Echinocandins can provoke infusion-related reactions. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Intrathecal drug delivery for management of cancer and noncancer pain$$$ Intrathecal drug delivery (ITDD) has been an option for the management of persistent pain since the 1980s. The discovery of opioid receptors in the central nervous system was the impetus for early attempts to deliver opioids intraspinally. Approximately, 10-20 percent patients with cancer pain get inadequate analgesia from conventional medical management; this group particularly may benefit from ITDD. However, there is also some evidence for the use of ITDD in those with noncancer pain. This review presents options for ITDD, available drugs, evidence for efficacy, principles of patient selection, and problems with the intrathecal route. ER  - 
Magnesium sulphate: A life saving drug$$$ A retrospective study of 68 eclamptic women who received Magnesium sulphate at Koshi Zonal Hospital were analyzed during a one year period (2006-2007 AD). Maternal conditions at admission, associated complications in mothers and babies, delivery outcomes and cause of death were also studied in each case. There were 5240 deliveries during the period of analysis. Of which 4976 were live births, pregnancy induced hypertension was 0.89% (47), 0.74% (39) presented with pre-eclampsia, 0.30 (16) cases with severe pre-eclampsia and 0.43 (23) cases with mild pre-eclampsia. During this period 1.3% (68) of eclampsia presented to the hospital. Of which 67.7% presented with ante-partum eclampsia, 22.1% with intrapartum eclampsia and 10.3% with post partum eclampsia. Majority of women (63.2%) were between 20-25 years of age, while teenage pregnancy contributed 30.88% of eclamptic cases. The diastolic blood pressure was >110 mm of Hg in 45.6% of cases, 90-110 mmHg in 50% of cases and in 4.4% the it was <90 mmHg. 94.1% presented to the hospital in an unconscious state, 79.4% of eclamptic women received the full dose of magnesium sulphate (initial loading plus maintenance dose), while rest failed to receive the full dose. Nine women with severe pre-eclampsia received magnesium sulphate as a prophylactic measure. 17.7% women had home delivery, one patient left against medical advice and one was referred to a tertiary care center. Caesarian Section (Lower Segment) was performed in 35.2% of cases, 30.8% had normal vaginal deliveries and 5.8% had pre term delivery. About 69.6% babies were born alive, 8.7% were still births, 11.6% were neonatal deaths and 4.4% of babies had to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care. Eclamptic women stayed less than one week in the hospital in majority of cases (64.7%), between 1-2 weeks in 32.4% and more than two weeks in 2.9%. Maternal complications included decreased urinary output, pulmonary edema in three cases; chest and wound infection two cases each; post partum psychosis, vulval haematoma, severe headache one case each. There were seven maternal deaths during this period and eclampsia contributed to one of the deaths. Eclampsia is a major cause of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality in our setup. Magnesium sulphate is an excellent drug of choice in management of eclampsia and pre-eclampsia. Wider coverage of pre-natal care, timely referral and optimal management of cases of eclampsia with magnesium sulphate in hospitals are key issues to prevent mortality/morbidity associated with it. ER  - 
New treatment options in the management of fibromyalgia: Role of pregabalin$$$ Fibromyalgia (FM) is a common, chronic pain disorder with unknown etiology, characterized by widespread musculoskeletal pain and tenderness, and accompanied by several other symptoms such as sleep disturbance, fatigue, and mood disorders. Pregabalin is the first drug approved for the treatment of FM. Pregabalin has analgesic, anticonvulsant, and anxiolytic activity and has earlier demonstrated efficacy in the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, postherpetic neuralgia, and as adjuvant therapy for adult patients with partial onset seizures. Pregabalin, a lipophilic gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) analog, is α2δ-1 ligand that binds to, and modulates, voltage-gated calcium channels. This modulation is characterized by a reduction of the excessive neurotransmitter release that is observed in certain neurological and psychotic disorders. Several randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies have demonstrated that pregabalin has been effective in pain management, improving sleep quality and fatigue, as well as in several domains of health related quality of life. Because of mild to moderate adverse effects it can be considered a well-tolerated therapy for FM. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Homicidal ideation causally related to therapeutic medications$$$ Five patients with hepatitis C (HCV), three of whom were treated with peginterferon alfa-2 (IFN) and two who were not treated with IFN, developed homicidal ideation (HI) during a 4-year period. Following accepted rules for determining causation, there appeared to be a causal relatedness between IFN use and the development of homicidal ideation for those patients taking IFN. None of these patients attempted a homicidal act while on treatment with IFN, nor in the follow-up period after treatment. The incidence of HI while treated with IFN in our patient population is estimated to be less than 1%. The ability of prescription medication to cause homicidal ideation is reviewed, and legal implications are discussed. © 2008 Springer Publishing Company. ER  - 
Deep brain stimulation in psychiatry$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is a reversible surgical procedure that involves stereotactic implantation of electrodes into the targeted brain regions, with a subcutaneously placed pulse generator powering the electrodes via one or two leads. The mechanism of action can be explained by the stimulation-induced modulation of impaired network activity. So far, the main use of DBS has been for neurological conditions, such as essential tremor, motor symptoms in Parkinsons disease, dystonia, epilepsy, and chronic pain. In psychiatry, case series and open studies indicate treatment efficacy of DBS in Gilles de la Tourette syndrome, treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder, and refractory major depression. Neuroimaging studies have confirmed the effects of DBS on the brain regions implicated in specific neuropsychiatric disorders. It is a well-tolerated method with relatively few serious side effects. Additional well-designed and appropriately powered controlled clinical trials are needed to conclusively establish the efficacy and safety of DBS and to identify the patient population(s) who may benefit most. Ongoing research with stimulation techniques may also significantly contribute to our understanding of major neuropsychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in schizophrenia$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive and painless way of stimulating the neural tissue (cerebral cortex, spinal roots, and cranial and peripheral nerves). The first attempts at stimulating the neural tissue date back to 1896 by d'Arsonval; however, it was successfully carried out by Barker and colleagues in Sheffield, UK, in 1985. It soon became a useful tool in neuroscience for neurophysiologists and neurologists and psychitrists. The original single-pulse TMS, largely used as an investigative tool, was further refined and developed in the early 1990s into what is known as repetitive TMS (rTMS), having a frequency range of 1-60 Hz. The stimulation by both TMS and rTMS of various cortical regions displayed alteration of movement, mood, and behavior, leading researchers to investigate a number of psychiatric and neuropsychiatric disorders, as well as to explore its therapeutic potential. There is now a large amount of literature on the use of TMS/rTMS in depression; however, its use in schizophrenia, both as an investigative and certainly as a therapeutic tool is relatively recent with a limited but increasing number of publications. In this article, we will outline the principles of TMS/rTMS and critically review their use in schizophrenia both as investigative and potential therapeutic tools. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy in psychiatric practice: A selective review of the evidence$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is largely historical but is still in use. Modern psychiatry requires careful selection of patients in whom ECT will be performed. The indications for ECT treatment are limited, and the selection criteria should be strictly followed. The advantages and the disadvantages of the methods are discussed here. Despite the limitations, ECT seems to have real value in selected mental conditions in which it can even be considered a life-saving procedure. ER  - 
Clinical neuropsychiatric correlates and EEG findings among children with developmental disorders in Lagos, Nigeria$$$ Objective: Developmental disorders with or without associated neuropsychiatric complications continue to be one of the major health problems in Africa. The grossly inadequate management/rehabilitative facilities further worsen this. A prospective study aimed at finding the types of developmental disorders and associated neuropsychiatric complications among children aged ≤15 years that presented with developmental disorder in the study centers over 36 month study duration. Methods: The study was carried out in the paediatric and child psychiatric clinics as well as the Electroencephalographic (EEG) unit of two major health facilities in Lagos, Nigeria: Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH) and Psychiatric Hospital, Yaba, Lagos. For each subject, socio-demographic data was obtained and appropriate clinical evaluation was carried out to obtain the necessary data and clinical diagnoses. Furthermore, each of the subjects had waking EEG recording using 20-channel computerized Medelec® EEG machine. The EEG interpretation was blinded to the clinical history of the subjects. Results: Overall, one hundred and eleven (111) subjects were evaluated over the 36 month study period. The cohort was made up of 63 (56.8%) males and 48 (43.2%) females. The mean age was 4.8 (±3.9) years, with most subjects falling in the age group of 0-5 years(69.4%). Mixed specific developmental disorders were most common (55%) followed by that of specific developmental disorders of speech and language (34.2%). Forty-one (36.9%) subjects suffered from one or more types of complications, with seizure, 22(19.8%) being the most common. The waking EEG recording was normal in 22 (19.8%) subjects; while abnormal epileptiform activities were found in 85 (76.6%) of recordings. No statistically significant relationship existed between EEG abnormalities and the factors of age and clinical diagnoses (i.e developmental abnormalities). Conclusion: The small number of subjects in this study is a major hindrance to drawing a general conclusion. However, it has been shown that a number of the cohort in addition to their developmental disorders suffered from such complications as seizures, hyperactivity etc. Furthermore, a significant proportion had EEG abnormalities of the epileptiform types possibly reinforcing the previously known fact of prevalent subtle brain damage among African children. The need for preventive health care is therefore emphasized. ER  - 
Interactions between antiepileptic drugs and herbal medicines$$$ As a therapeutic class, antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have a high propensity to interact and many interactions with concomitant medications have been described. Increasingly, herbal medicines are often used by patients with epilepsy and the risk that these may interact with their AED medication is now being realised. The purpose of this review is to highlight the interactions that have been reported between AEDs and herbal medicines. Overall, the published data are sparse and comprise of both pharmacodynamic (preclinical only) and pharmacokinetic (preclinical and clinical) interactions. Pharmacodynamic interactions between diazepam and the Chinese herb Saiboku-to and with Ginkgo biloba, and between phenytoin, valproate and gabapentin and Centella asiatica have been described. Pre-clinical studies suggest that the Japanese herbs Sho-seiryu-to and Sho-saiko-to, the herbal infusion preparation from Cassia auriculata, the traditional Chinese herbal medicine Paeoniae Radix and the herb Mentat can affect the pharmacokinetics of carbamazepine by various mechanisms. Pharmacokinetic interactions have also been reported with phenytoin (Paenoniae Radix, Ayurvedic syrup shankhapushpi), phenobarbital (Ginkgo biloba) and diazepam (the Chinese herbs Angelica dahurica and Salvia miltiorrhiza Bge). Clinical studies have reported a reduction in serum carbamazepine concentrations when co-administered with the traditional Chinese herb Free and Easy Wanderer Plus and also a reduction in serum midazolam concentrations by Echinacea and by St John's Wort. The mechanism of these interactions is considered to be induction of hepatic metabolism. In contrast, piperine elevates serum phenytoin concentrations, possibly be enhancing the gastrointestinal absorption of phenytoin. More research and information are required in order to clarify the propensity of AEDs and herbal medicine to interact and therefore potentially compromise the therapeutics of AEDs. © 2008 Los Autores. ER  - 
Clinical review: Beyond immediate survival from resuscitation - Long-term outcome considerations after cardiac arrest$$$ A substantial body of literature concerning resuscitation from cardiac arrest now exists. However, not surprisingly, the greater part concerns the cardiac arrest event itself and optimising survival and outcome at relatively proximal time points. The aim of this review is to present the evidence base for interventions and therapeutic strategies that might be offered to patients surviving the immediate aftermath of a cardiac arrest, excluding components of resuscitation itself that may lead to benefits in long-term survival. In addition, this paper reviews the data on long-term impact, physical and neuropsychological, on patients and their families, revealing a burden that is often underestimated and underappreciated. As greater numbers of patients survive cardiac arrest, outcome measures more sophisticated than simple survival are required. © 2007 BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Depressive symptoms and SSRI use in pediatric oncology patients$$$ This review of depressive symptoms in pediatric cancer patients describes the challenge of recognizing depression in this group, prevalence, risk factors, and treatment, primarily with the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Pediatric oncologists prescribe SSRIs, but there is limited data regarding their use in this setting. Adverse effects, pharmacokinetics and metabolism of SSRIs are reviewed to provide a reference for physicians and inform choices for SSRI prescription. Ongoing research includes incorporation of routine screening measures for depression and future studies might focus on physician recognition and prospectively evaluating treatment for children with cancer and depressive symptoms. © 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Endogenous opiates and behavior: 2006$$$ This paper is the 29th consecutive installment of the annual review of research concerning the endogenous opioid system, now spanning 30 years of research. It summarizes papers published during 2006 that studied the behavioral effects of molecular, pharmacological and genetic manipulation of opioid peptides, opioid receptors, opioid agonists and opioid antagonists. The particular topics that continue to be covered include the molecular-biochemical effects and neurochemical localization studies of endogenous opioids and their receptors related to behavior (Section 2), and the roles of these opioid peptides and receptors in pain and analgesia (Section 3); stress and social status (Section 4); tolerance and dependence (Section 5); learning and memory (Section 6); eating and drinking (Section 7); alcohol and drugs of abuse (Section 8); sexual activity and hormones, pregnancy, development and endocrinology (Section 9); mental illness and mood (Section 10); seizures and neurological disorders (Section 11); electrical-related activity and neurophysiology (Section 12); general activity and locomotion (Section 13); gastrointestinal, renal and hepatic functions (Section 14); cardiovascular responses (Section 15); respiration and thermoregulation (Section 16); and immunological responses (Section 17). © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Managing chronic hepatitis C in the difficult-to-treat patient$$$ Patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection and disease-related complications - among them cirrhosis and liver failure - pose a particular management challenge. Some of these patients may fail to respond to current therapy (non-responders), and some are affected so severely that treatment puts them at an unacceptable risk for complications. Treatment with pegylated interferon (peg-IFN) plus ribavirin improves hepatic enzyme levels and eradicates the virus in ≈50% of patients; however, a significant number of patients do not respond to therapy or relapse following treatment discontinuation. Several viral, hepatic and patient-related factors influence response to IFN therapy; many of these factors cannot be modified to improve long-term outcomes. Identifying risk factors and measuring viral load early in the treatment can help to predict response to IFN therapy and determine the need to modify or discontinue treatment. Retreatment options for patients who have failed therapy are limited. Retreatment with peg-IFN has been successful in some patients who exhibit an inadequate response to conventional IFN treatment, particularly those who have relapsed. Consensus IFN, another option in treatment-resistant patients, has demonstrated efficacy in the retreatment of non-responders and relapsers. Although the optimal duration of retreatment and the benefits and safety of maintenance therapy have not been determined, an extended duration is likely needed. This article reviews the risk factors for HCV treatment resistance and discusses the assessment and management of difficult-to-treat patients. © 2007 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Polymyxin B for the treatment of multidrug-resistant pathogens: A critical review$$$ Polymyxins have re-emerged in clinical practice owing to the dry antibiotic development pipeline and worldwide increasing prevalence of nosocomial infections caused by multidrug-resistant (MDR) Gram-negative bacteria. Polymyxin B and colistin (polymyxin E) have been ultimately considered as the last-resort treatment of such infections. Microbiological, pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic and clinical data available for polymyxin B are reviewed in this paper. Polymyxin B has rapid in vitro bactericidal activity against major MDR Gram-negative bacteria, such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Acinetobacter baumannii and Klebsiella pneumoniae. Acquired resistance to this agent is still rare among these pathogens. However, optimized dosage regimens are not known yet. Good clinical outcomes have been observed in the majority of the patients treated with intravenous polymyxin B in recent studies. However, these studies failed to provide definitive conclusions due to limitations of study design and additional clinical trials are required. Although combination therapy may be an attractive option based on some currently available in vitro data, clinical data supporting such recommendations are lacking. Since polymyxins will be increasingly used for the treatment of infections caused by MDR bacteria, clinical pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic and toxicodynamic studies underpinning the optimal use of these drugs are urgently required. © The Author 2007. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Antimicrobial Chemotherapy. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Emerging issues in smoking among adolescent and adult cancer survivors: A comprehensive review$$$ The number of cancer survivors is significantly increasing, thereby prioritizing the importance of identifying and preventing adverse health outcomes within this high-risk population. Cigarette smoking is of particular salience as it places both adolescents and adults with a cancer history at risk for various health problems, including second malignancies. The purpose of this article is to provide a comprehensive review of the smoking literature as it relates to adolescents and adults on-treatment and surviving cancer. In particular, the article reviews the prevalence, risk factors, and health outcomes associated with smoking, in addition to the prevention and smoking cessation interventions available to adolescent and adult oncology patients. Furthermore, efficacious cessation strategies have recently emerged from the smoking literature in healthy populations, and their application to oncology populations is discussed. © 2007 American Cancer Society. ER  - 
A pilot study transitioning children onto levetiracetam monotherapy to improve language dysfunction associated with benign rolandic epilepsy$$$ Benign rolandic epilepsy (BRE) and Landau-Kleffner syndrome (LKS) are similar epilepsy syndromes with sleep-accentuated epileptiform activity, sporadic seizures, and language dysfunction. Levetiracetam has been associated with improved language function in LKS and seizure reduction in BRE. We hypothesized levetiracetam would improve language function in children with BRE. A pilot study was performed with six children (aged 6-12) with BRE and evidence of impaired auditory comprehension and verbal memory. Children were transitioned from their current anticonvulsant to 40 mg/kg/day levetiracetam over a 2-week period and retested at 6 months. At 6 months, three of four children with baseline auditory comprehension impairments performed normally (P = 0.06), and five had improved auditory verbal memory (P = 0.08). Seizures improved in five, decreasing from 2.7 to 1.0 seizure per 6 months (P = 0.11). Results from this pilot study suggest that levetiracetam may have a beneficial effect on language in children with BRE. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbid conditions in a clinic population of 241 patients with tuberous sclerosis complex$$$ Psychiatric symptoms were retrospectively assessed in a clinic population of 241 children and adults with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). Sixty-six (27%) patients had a history of mood disorder symptoms, 66 (27%) had a history of anxiety disorder symptoms, 73 (30%) had a history of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms, and 68 (28%) had a history of aggressive/disruptive behavior disorder symptoms. Significant relationships were found between these symptoms and patient age, gender, genetic mutation, seizure history, surgical history, cognitive impairment, features of autism or pervasive developmental disorder, and neurological manifestations of TSC. In 43 patients seen by at least one of two affiliated psychiatrists, the most common formal diagnoses were anxiety disorders (28%), mood disorders (26%), adjustment disorders (21%), ADHD (21%), and mental disorders not otherwise specified due to general medical condition (42%). Citalopram demonstrated efficacy in treating anxiety and depression, and risperidone, in treating problematic behaviors. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prevention and treatment of homeostatic disorders after central neurosurgical procedures$$$ Prevention and treatment of homeostatic disorders after central neurosurgical procedures requires a coordinated effort by the entire medical team caring for the patient. The goal of management is to optimize physiologic and metabolic variables so that patient outcome is improved. This chapter reviews current knowledge and clinical approaches to prevention and treatment of general homeostatic disorders that commonly complicate the postoperative course of neurosurgical patients after general anesthesia. Practice recommendations based on current clinical trials and experience will be made on the following topics: therapeutic approaches to optimal hemoglobin, cerebral blood flow and hemorrheology; prophylaxis and treatment of thrombosis; temperature management including rewarming and the control of shivering; use and side effects of anticonvulsants and corticosteroids; and therapeutic approaches to optimal serum glucose levels. ER  - 
Long-term social outcomes for children with epilepsy$$$ Children with epilepsy often grow into adults with significant social problems including decreased employment, marriage, social relationships, and independent living arrangements. These problems are noted in population-based longitudinal and cross-sectional studies from many countries. Learning disorder and mental handicap are the most consistent predictors of poor social outcome. Epilepsy variables, even remission, appear to have little effect. The influence of epilepsy on social outcome is greater than found in other childhood chronic disease control groups. More attention and research is needed to correct these unfortunate outcomes. © 2007 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Performance-enhancing drugs and supplements in women and girls$$$ Performance-enhancing substance use has been frequently discussed in the media. High-profile professional athletes have tested positive for performance-enhancing substances, while surveys indicate an escalating incidence of use among amateur athletes. Several articles haw reviewed this concern in men's sports; however, this article discusses performance-enhancing drug and supplement use by women and girls. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Multiple sclerosis: Interferon beta for some serious forms$$$ • Multiple sclerosis is a neurological disorder characterised by disseminated inflammatory lesions of the myelin sheath, the white fatty layer that covers the neurons in the brain and spinal column. The clinical repercussions are highly variable, ranging from minor deficits to severe disability and even death. Some patients have exacerbations separated by remissions of varying length, while others experience fairly steady progression of disability. This review article, based on Prescrire's standard in-house methodology, examines treatments proposed to slow the progression of multiple sclerosis. • For exacerbations (4 trials, a total of 140 patients), an improvement was noted in 64% of patients treated with intravenous methyl pred n iso lone for 5 days, versus 40% of patients on placebo. • Interferon beta is the best-assessed of the disease-modifying drugs. Various marketed interferon beta products have been compared with one another in trials involving more than 1000 paients in total. There are no major differences in effectiveness or adverse effects.The latter are frequent, especially a flu-like syndrome and depression. • After a first episode suggestive of multiple sclerosis (3 trials, a total of 1160 patients), 35% of patients treated with interferon beta subsequently developed the disease, versus 50% of patients in the placebo groups. This advantage seemed to persist for at least 8 years. • In relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (4 trials, a total of 1426 patients), interferon beta prevented about one exacerbation every 2.5 to 3 years but had no clear preventive impact on progression of disability. • In secondary progressive multiple sclerosis (5 trials, a total of 3082 patients), interferon beta's effectiveness, if present, was limited to patients who continued to have exacerbations. • Natalizumab does not appear to be more effective than interferon beta. It is associated with serious adverse effects, about which only limited information is available. • Glatiramer has not been shown to prevent exacerbations or progression of disability. Intravenous immunoglobulin is still being tested in multiple sclerosis. In initially aggressive forms of multiple sclerosis, mitoxantrone has a negative risk-benefit balance (2 trials, 236 patients); it prevents less than one exacerbation during two years of treatment but causes heart failure in 1% to 2% of patients after 10 months of treatment. • Patients' anxiety as their disability worsens must not overshadow the fact that there are no treatments available with strong clinical effectiveness, and that all existing treatments carry a risk of serious adverse effects. Pending the arrival of something better, only interferon beta has a favourable risk-benefit balance, and only in selected patients. ER  - 
The new antiepileptic drugs$$$ There are a large number of new anticonvulsant agents available to the clinician. Many of these agents have a significant advantage over older drugs in terms of their side-effect profile and pharmacokinetic/dynamic properties. The improvement in efficacy is less impressive and one in three to one in four children still have refractory, drug-resistant epilepsy. Further research is certainly needed to assess the efficacy of new antiepileptic/anticonvulsant drugs but these newer agents must offer significant advantages over the currently available drugs to justify the costs of both their development and their prescribing within the National Health Service. Drugs should be developed that have clear antiepileptogenic properties that could actually prevent the development of epilepsy itself. Comparative "head-to-head" trials (such as the SANAD study), and preferably in specific epilepsy syndromes, should facilitate a more individual approach when treating the paediatric epilepsies. ER  - 
The role of hyperhomocysteinemia and B-vitamin deficiency in neurological and psychiatric diseases$$$ Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy) is related to central nervous system diseases. Epidemiological studies show a positive, dose-dependent relationship between plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) concentration and neurodegenerative disease risk. tHcy is a marker of B-vitamin (folate, B12, B6) status. Hypomethylation, caused by low B-vitamin status and HHcy, is linked to key pathomechanisms of dementia; B-vitamin supplementation could potentially reduce neurological damage. In retrospective studies, the association between tHcy and cognition is impressive; there is also evidence that tHcy-lowering treatment could be effective in primary and secondary stroke prevention. Increased tHcy and low serum folate occur in patients with Parkinson's disease, especially those receiving L-dopa. There is also an association between HHcy and multiple sclerosis, and between B-vitamin status and depression. Studies also confirm a causal role for tHcy in epilepsy, and certain anti-epileptics enhance HHcy. B-vitamin status should be optimized by ensuring sufficient intake in patients with neuropsychiatric diseases. HHcy occurs commonly in the elderly and can contribute to age-related neurodegeneration. Treatment with folic acid, B12 and B6 lowers tHcy. For secondary and primary prevention from several neuropsychiatric disorders, it seems prudent to actively identify deficient subjects and ensure sufficient vitamin intake. © 2007 by Walter de Gruyter. ER  - 
Treatment of narcolepsy and other hypersomnias of central origin: An American Academy of Sleep Medicine review$$$ Objective: The purpose of this paper is to summarize current knowledge about treatment of narcolepsy and other hypersomnias of central origin. Methods: The task force performed a systematic and comprehensive review of the relevant literature and graded the evidence using the Oxford grading system. This paper discusses the strengths and limitations of the available evidence regarding treatment of these conditions, and summarizes key information about safety of these medications. Our findings provide the foundation for development of evidence-based practice parameters on this topic by the Standards of Practice Committee of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine. Results: The majority of recent papers in this field provide information about use of modafinil or sodium oxybate for treatment of sleepiness associated with narcolepsy. Several large randomized, placebo-controlled studies indicate that modafinil and sodium oxybate are effective for treatment of hypersomnia due to narcolepsy. We identified no studies that report direct comparison of these newer medications versus traditional stimulants, or that indicate what proportion of patients treated initially with these medications require transition to traditional stimulants or to combination therapy to achieve adequate alertness. As with the traditional stimulants, modafinil and sodium oxybate provide, at best, only moderate improvement in alertness rather than full restoration of alertness in patients with narcolepsy. Several large randomized placebo-controlled studies demonstrate that sodium oxybate is effective for treatment of cataplexy associated with narcolepsy, and earlier studies provide limited data to support the effectiveness of fluoxetine and tricyclic antidepressants for treatment of cataplexy. Our findings indicate that very few reports provide information regarding treatment of special populations such as children, older adults, and pregnant or breastfeeding women. The available literature provides a modest amount of information about improvement in quality of life in association with treatment, patient preferences among the different medications, or patient compliance. Conclusion: Several recent studies provide evidence that modafinil and sodium oxybate are effective for treatment of hypersomnia due to narcolepsy. No studies were identified that report direct comparison of these newer medications with traditional stimulants. Despite significant advances in understanding the pathophysiology of narcolepsy, we do not have an ideal treatment to restore full and sustained alertness. Future investigations should be directed toward development of more effective and better tolerated therapies, and primary prevention. ER  - 
Weight gain and metabolic issues of medicines used for bipolar disorder$$$ Patients with bipolar disorder are at high risk of gaining weight and developing metabolic illnesses, and pharmacologic treatment for the disorder may significantly increase this risk. This paper reviews the literature on the metabolic consequences of the medications used in bipolar disorder and describes the possible strategies to prevent, monitor, and treat the common metabolic illnesses that patients with bipolar disorder may develop during treatment. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Which is the best primary medication for long-term smoking cessation - Nicotine replacement therapy, bupropion or varenicline$$$ Nicotine chewing gum has been available since 1982, when it was shown to increase smoking cessation rates by ∼ 1.5- to 2-fold after 12 months. Despite the introduction of many other preparations of nicotine (sublingual, lozenge, transdermal, nasal spray and inhaler) and numerous other clinical trials, there has been no major improvement in effectiveness for smoking cessation, just an increase in the choice of how the nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) is administered. Smoking cessation rates with NRT are similar in subjects with serious chest and cardiovascular disorders. There is no evidence that intensive counselling improves the smoking cessation rates with NRT over standard counselling. The first major alternative to NRT introduced for smoking cessation was bupropion, an inhibitor of the neuronal uptake of noradrenaline and dopamine. Bupropion is effective for smoking cessation, and effectiveness is improved by a moderate level of counselling. A long-term direct comparison of bupropion with transdermal nicotine showed than bupropion was more effective than nicotine. Despite this, NRT remains the standard treatment for smoking cessation in many countries. An exciting new development for the treatment of smoking cessation is varenicline, a partial agonist at nicotinic α 4β2 receptors. A direct comparison of varenicline with bupropion has shown that varenicline is as least as good as and probably more effective than bupropion for smoking cessation. At present, the number of subjects who have used varenicline in clinical trial is relatively small, and probably does not allow assessment of any rare serious adverse effects. Thus, it may be premature to recommend varenicline for smoking cessation in preference to bupropion. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Narcolepsy: Treatment issues$$$ Pharmacologic management of patients with narcolepsy is usually based on treating the separate symptoms of cataplexy and excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS). For treating cataplexy, the most widely used medications include the antidepressants venlafaxine, Imipramine, and protriptyline, usually at lower doses than prescribed with depression, and sodium oxybate. Monoamine oxidase inhibitors are also sometimes used, but much less frequently. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved 4 medications for EDS: dextroamphetamine, methylphenidate, modafinil, and sodium oxybate. Sodium oxybate is the only drug approved for treating both cataplexy and EDS. Modafinil and sodium oxybate have similar, long-term efficacies in treating EDS at prescribed doses. ER  - 
Propofol and methohexital as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized, double-blind comparison of electroconvulsive therapy seizure quality, therapeutic efficacy, and cognitive performance$$$ BACKGROUND: Propofol is often used as an anesthetic agent for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Whether the relatively short seizure duration, resulting from the medication, deteriorates the seizure quality and therapeutic outcomes, or whether propofol might be associated with small but significant post-ECT cognitive impairments, is still a subject of controversy. The purpose of our study was to test these hypotheses in comparison with methohexital. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a double-blind, controlled study, 50 patients with severe major depression who were to be treated with ECT were randomly assigned to anesthesia with propofol (120.9 ± 50.0 mg) or methohexital (83 ± 26.3 mg) and were observed for 2 months. The 2 drugs were compared on the basis of electroencephalography-registered seizure duration, mean blood pressure, as well as pulse frequency, seizure efficacy index, and postictal suppression. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and seizure duration and quality were recorded consecutively during ECT treatments. Changes in depressive symptoms and cognitive functions were measured at 5 time points, pre-ECT, after the third to fifth ECT, post-ECT treatment, and at a follow-up examination 2 and 8 weeks after the last ECT treatment. RESULTS: Patients on propofol showed a significantly lower increase in blood pressure post-ECT (P < 0.001), their seizure duration was comparable to patients on methohexital (P = 0.072), and seizure quality was significantly superior, as was measured by the Postictal Suppression Index (P = 0.020), and comparable to the methohexital group as measured by the Seizure Efficacy Index (P = 0.160). The improvement of depressive symptoms and the improvement in cognitive functions were similar in both groups (with the exception of the results from 2 cognition tests). CONCLUSIONS: Propofol, as compared with methohexital, results in a more moderate increase in blood pressure and shorter seizure duration. The seizure quality did not differ significantly between the 2 groups. We detected a tendency toward improved cognitive performance after anesthesia with propofol as compared with methohexital, but with statistical significance in only 2 cognition trials. Therefore, propofol is a safe and efficacious anesthetic for ECT treatment. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Into the light: Strategies for battling hepatitis C$$$ The primary measurable goal of hepatitis C virus (HCV) therapy is permanent eradication of the virus (ie, a sustained virologic response [SVR]). Treatment decisions depend on the severity and treat ability of the infection, contraindications to treatment, and patient preferences. The current standard of treatment is combination therapy with pegylated interferon (peginterferon) and ribavirin. Dosages and treatment duration vary according to viral genotype. About 70% to 80% of patients with genotype 2 or 3 will achieve SVR compared with only 40% to 50% of patients with genotype 1. Generally, those who previously failed HCV treatment with monotherapy or standard interferon plus ribavirin should be considered for re-treatment with a trial of peginterferon and ribavirin. Side effects associated with treatment include influenzalike symptoms, insomnia, neutropenia, and hemolytic anemia and should be managed aggressively to promote patient adherence to therapy. Future pharmacologic agents are currently in development for patients failing treatment or those who have relapsed. ER  - 
Low-grade gliomas: Management issues$$$ Low-grade gliomas are relatively rare tumors. The optimal management of these tumors remains to be defined and has some controversies associated with it. In this review, we present the data that is available to date and some of the issues that exist in treating these tumors. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy for obesity$$$ Obesity is a chronic metabolic disorder that affects one third of American adults. Modest weight losses of just 5% to 10% of body weight, which are achievable with lifestyle modification and pharmacotherapy, can lead to remarkable improvements in many obesity-associated co-morbidities, including dyslipidemia, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes. In this review, the indications for pharmacotherapy and the goals of treatment are discussed, and current and future pharmacologic approaches to the treatment of obesity are examined. Current pharmacologic therapies for obesity are limited, but recent advances in our understanding of the complex and overlapping endocrine pathways that regulate body weight have led to new opportunities for antiobesity drug development. Important drug targets that are highlighted in this review include adipocyte-derived hormones, hypothalamic neuropeptides, and gastrointestinal hormones. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Strategies for optimizing stimulus dosage during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Core element of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the induction of a generalized seizure. Stimulus intensity must be above patient's seizure threshold for seizure induction. As individual seizure thresholds vary in a wide range, determining optimal initial stimulus intensity is a challenge to the clinician. In the literature four different methods are recommended for this purpose: 1) dose-titration 2) half-age method 3) age method 4) fix dose method. AIM: to determine the most optimal method out of these four for selecting initial stimulus dose for bilateral electroconvulsive therapy of patients with schizophrenia. METHODS: 40 patients with schizophrenia were treated with ECT during the studied period. Data of these treatments were analyzed retrospectively. Seizure threshold was determined with dose-titration in each case at the beginning of the treatment. Relationship between seizure threshold and age was investigated with the Pearson's correlation test. RESULTS: Mean age of the studied population was 38.07+/-16.66 years. To eliciting a seizure duration of at least 20 sec, a mean stimulus intensity of 18.37% (92.61 mC)+/-8.35(42.08 mC) was required. The patient's age showed significant positive correlation (p less than 0,001) with stimulus intensity. EEG registered mean seizure duration was 39.65+/-17.78 s, and mean motoric seizure lasted for 32.45+/-17.24 s. DISCUSSION: Variation between the lowest and the highest seizure threshold in our study was 6-fold. Having analyzed the different initial dosing strategies on the basis of the seizure thresholds observed in our study, we concluded that the age method seems to be the most optimal one for bilateral ECT of patients with schizophrenia. ER  - 
Cannabinoids in health and disease$$$ Cannabis sativa L. preparations have been used in medicine for millenia. However, concern over the dangers of abuse led to the banning of the medicinal use of marijuana in most countries in the 1930s. Only recently, marijuana and individual natural and synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and antagonists, as well as chemically related compounds, whose mechanism of action is still obscure, have come back to being considered of therapeutic value. However, their use is highly restricted. Despite the mild addiction to cannabis and the possible enhancement of addiction to other substances of abuse, when combined with cannabis, the therapeutic value of cannabinoids is too high to be put aside. Numerous diseases, such as anorexia, emesis, pain, inflammation, multiple sclerosis, neurodegenerative disorders (Parkinson's disease, Huntington's disease, Tourette's syndrome, Alzheimer's disease), epilepsy, glaucoma, osteoporosis, schizophrenia, cardiovascular disorders, cancer, obesity, and metabolic syndrome-related disorders, to name just a few, are being treated or have the potential to be treated by cannabinoid agonists/antagonists/ cannabinoid-related compounds. In view of the very low toxicity and the generally benign side effects of this group of compounds, neglecting or denying their clinical potential is unacceptable - instead, we need to work on the development of more selective cannabinoid receptor agonists/antagonists and related compounds, as well as on novel drugs of this family with better selectivity, distribution patterns, and pharmacokinetics, and - in cases where it is impossible to separate the desired clinical action and the psychoactivity - just to monitor these side effects carefully. © 2007, LLS SAS. ER  - 
Zopiclone: Is it a pharmacologic agent for abuse?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the hypnosedative drug zopiclone could be an agent for abuse. SOURCES OF INFORMATION: Using MEDLINE and PubMed, English-language medical literature was systematically reviewed for reports of direct drug abuse and addiction. A review was also conducted for clinical trials or patient series that discussed issues of addiction or rebound effects. MAIN MESSAGE: Evidence of drug abuse and dependency was found in case reports and small patient series. Dependency symptoms of severe rebound, severe anxiety, tremor, palpitations, tachycardia, and seizures were observed in some patients after withdrawal. Abuse occurred more commonly among patients with previous drug abuse or psychiatric illnesses. Many clinical trials have found evidence of rebound insomnia after recommended dosages were stopped, albeit for a minority of patients. Comparative studies of zopiclone and benzodiazepines or other "Z" drugs are conflicting. CONCLUSION: Zopiclone has the potential for being an agent of abuse and addiction. While many have suggested that the addictive potential for this and other "Z" drugs is less than for most benzodiazepines, caution should be taken when prescribing this agent for insomnia. Ideally, prescriptions should be given for a short period of time and within the recommended dosage guidelines. ER  - 
Depression, hopelessness and suicide risk among patients suffering from epilepsy$$$ Suicide risk, as well as psychiatric disorder, has been repeatedly reported in the international literature as an important issue in the care of individuals suffering from epilepsy. In this pilot study a sample comprising 103 patients with a diagnosis of temporal lobe epilepsy, were collected from three clinics. The patients were administered the Beck hopelessness scale (BHS), the Beck depression inventory (BDI) and the Zung self-rating anxiety scale (SAS). Hopelessness has been identified as a construct linked to the prediction and the prevention of suicide. Twenty-six percent of the epileptic patients had scores ≥ 9 on the BHS, suggesting that they should be evaluated for suicidal inclinations. These patients were significantly older by about 9 years and had higher levels of depression and anxiety, but they did not differ in sex, age of onset of epilepsy or in their responsiveness to medication. In the logistic regression analysis, a hopelessness score ≥ 9 was predicted by BDI depression scores and SAS anxiety scores taking into account sex, age and response to epileptic medications. Despite a number of limitations, this pilot study adds support for the need for screening for suicide risk in patients with epilepsy. Both clinical and psychometric data should be part of the evaluation of the epileptic patient for psychiatric and suicidality assessment. ER  - 
Cannabis sativa in the light of scientific research$$$ Cannabis is one of the most controversial plants and it has been perceived by the world of science in many different ways over the years. At first it was proclaimed as a method of treatment, then as a remedy with side effects, and finally it was labeled harmful and became illegal in most countries. In the second half of the twentieth century, cannabis again became an object of interest among scientists. On the one hand it was seen as a cause of respiratory system dysfunction and mental and fertility aberrations, while on the other its enthusiasts perceived it as an alternative way of treating neurological disorders (e.g. multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, epilepsy), vision disorders (glaucoma, diabetic retinopathy), and a supplementary therapy for cancer and HIV/AIDS. © Copyright by Silesian Piasts University of Medicine in Wrocław. ER  - 
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, prospective clinical experience: Diagnosis, clinical features, risk factors, psychiatric comorbidity, treatment outcome$$$ In our study, we evaluated 249 patients with refractory seizures using video-EEG monitoring. In this sample, we identified 56 (22.5%) patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures - PNES only. Spontaneous seizures were recorded in 49 (87%) patients with PNES. Suggestive seizure induction using intravenous saline placebo was successful in 77.1% of induced PNES cases. Disease duration prior to PNES diagnosis was quite long. Prolonged past and current intake of high number of different antiepileptic drugs was also typical for these patients. We evaluated ictal PNES semiology. Whereas ictal EEG was normal in all PNES patients, interictal EEG was abnormal in 46.4%. Brain MRI was abnormal in 30.4%. Personality disorders were the most frequent psychiatric co-morbidity (in 44.6% of PNES patients), emotionally unstable (borderline) personality disorder was predominant (in 32.1 % of PNES patients). Risk factors for epilepsy misdiagnosis and PNES manifestation are discussed. Therapeutic outcome after two years of combined treatment (psychopharmacotherapy and/or psychotherapy) is presented; approximately one third of patients were seizure-free following two years of treatment, one third of patients were responders (≥ 50% reduction in seizure frequency) and one third did not respond to treatment. ER  - 
Adverse reactions to drugs used to treat alcoholism$$$ The armamentarium of drugs used in the treatment of alcohol abuse has grown with newer and novel therapies introduced to improve compliance and adverse effect profiles. There is now a range of treatments particularly aimed at reducing craving and improving abstinence rates, including opioid antagonists (both long-acting and short-acting) and γ-aminobutyric-acid receptor analogues, which have a good evidence base and are reasonably well tolerated. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Loxapine for schizophrenia$$$ Background: Some authors have suggested that loxapine ismore effective than typical antipsychotics in reducing the negative symptoms of schizophrenia, that extrapyramidal adverse effects are not usually seen at clinically effective antipsychotic doses and that it should therefore be classed as atypical. Objectives: To determine the effects of loxapine compared with placebo, typical and other atypical antipsychotic drugs for schizophrenia and related psychoses. Search strategy: For this 2007 update, we searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (January 2007). Selection criteria: We included all randomised controlled clinical trials relevant to the care of schizophrenia that compared loxapine to other treatments. Data collection and analysis: We independently inspected abstracts ordered papers, re-inspected and quality assessed these. For dichotomous data we calculated relative risks (RR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) on an intention-to-treat basis based on a fixed effects model. We calculated numbers needed to treat/harm (NNT/NNH) where appropriate. For continuous data, we calculated weighted mean differences (WMD) again based on a fixed effects model. Main results: We were able to include 41 studies in this review. Compared with placebo, loxapine has an antipsychotic effect (Global effect - not improved at six weeks: n=78, 2 RCTs, RR 0.30 CI 0.1 to 0.6 NNT 3 CI 3 to 5). It is as effective as typical drugs in the short term (4 - 12 weeks) (Global effect: n=580, 13 RCTs, RR 0.86 CI 0.7 to 1.1; mental state: n=915, 6 RCTs, RR 0.89 CI 0.8 to 1.1). Very limited heterogeneous data suggest that, given intramuscularly (IM), loxapine may be at least as sedating as IM haloperidol and thiothixene. Loxapine is also as effective as atypicals (risperidone, quetiapine) (n=468, 6 RCTs, RR mental state not improved 1.07 CI 0.8 to 1.5). Adverse effect profile is similar to typicals but loxapine may cause more extrapyramidal adverse effects when compared with atypicals (n=340, 4 RCTs, RR 2.18 CI 1.6 to 3.1). Authors' conclusions: Loxapine is an antipsychotic which is not clearly distinct from typical or atypical drugs in terms of its effects on global or mental state. Loxapines profile of adverse effects is similar to that of the older generation of antipsychotic drugs. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Antipsychotic medication for childhood-onset schizophrenia$$$ Background: Childhood-onset schizophrenia is schizophrenia with onset prior to the age of 13 years. Although it is rare, people who suffer from schizophrenia at an early age appear to have a clinically severe form of the illness with poor long-term prognosis. Antipsychotic medication is one way of managing this rare but serious mental illness. Objectives: To examine the effects of antipsychotic medication for childhood-onset schizophrenia. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group Trials Register (November 2006 and February 2007), inspected references of all identified studies for further trials and contacted relevant pharmaceutical companies and authors of trials for additional information. Selection criteria: We included all randomised clinical trials involving children and young people with a diagnosis of childhood onset schizophrenia (i.e. with a diagnosis of schizophrenia before the age of 13) comparing any antipsychotic drug with another antipsychotic or placebo. Data collection and analysis: We reliably selected, quality assessed and extracted data fromtrials. We excluded data wheremore than 50%of participants in any group were lost to follow up. For homogenous dichotomous data we calculated random effects, relative risk (RR) and its 95% confidence interval (CI) and, where appropriate, number needed to treat (NNT) on an intention-to-treat basis. For normal continuous data we calculated the weighted mean difference (WMD). Main results: From a total of 2062 citations, we identified six relevant trials. We categorised trials into three comparisons: atypical versus typical, atypical versus atypical and typical versus typical antipsychotic drugs. The only comparison to find any differences between treatment groups was atypical versus typical antipsychotic drugs. A few results from one study favoured the atypical antipsychotic clozapine over haloperidol in treating treatment resistant childhood-onset schizophrenia (n=21, WMD CGAS 17.00 CI 7.74 to 26.26; n=21, WMD Bunney-Hamburg Psychosis Rating Scale -3.60 CI -6.64 to -0.56). Participants on clozapine, however, were three times more likely to have drowsiness (1 RCT, n=21, RR 3.30 CI 1.23 to 8.85, NNH 2 CI 2 to 17) and half of the children receiving clozapine had neutropenia (1 RCT, n=21, RR 12, CI 0.75 to 192.86). Authors' conclusions: There are few relevant trials and, presently, there is little conclusive evidence regarding the effects of antipsychotic medication for those with early onset schizophrenia. Some benefits were identified in using the atypical antipsychotic clozapine compared with haloperidol but the benefits were offset by an increased risk of serious adverse effects. Larger, more robust, trials are required. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacological interventions for epilepsy in people with intellectual disabilities$$$ Background: The development of epilepsy in a person with intellectual disabilities is a common occurrence. In view of the fact that seizures in intellectually disabled people are often complex and refractory to treatment and that antiepileptic medication may have a profound effect upon behaviour in this patient group, it is evident that good quality randomised controlled trials are needed in this population. Objectives: The aim of our study was to assess the data available from randomised controlled trials of antiepileptic drug interventions in people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library 2006, Issue 4), MEDLINE OVID (1966 to October 2006), PsychInfo OVID (1806 to October 2006) and EMBASE OVID (1980 to April 2005). Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of pharmacological interventions for people with epilepsy and a learning disability. RCTs where inadequate methods of allocation concealment had been used were also included. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Study authors were contacted for additional information. Outcome measures included the following. (1) Retention on treatment. (2) Seizure freedom. (3) Reduction in seizure frequency. (4) Seizure severity scales. (5) Global rating scales. (6) Behavioural outcomes. (7) Cognitive outcomes. (8) Adverse effects. (9) Quality of life. Main results: Data were heterogenous and a descriptive analysis is presented. This review confirms that in the majority of cases where antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) were trialled in this population, moderate reduction in seizure frequency and occasional seizure freedom were obtained. In general it seems reasonable to say that AEDs proven effective in the general epilepsy population are also effective in refractory epilepsy in people with intellectual disability. It is not possible to comment on relative efficacy between medications making clinical choice decisions difficult. Clinical decision is also likely to be guided by concern over side effects. The quality of the studies does not aid clinicians greatly to this respect. In general it seems that in trial settings patients continue on treatment, in the majority of cases, and placebo groups often experience less in the way of side effects. Where side effects are experienced they appear similar to those seen in non-intellectual disability studies. One area of key concern is that of behavioural exacerbation. The majority of studies are unhelpful due to lack of or non-reliable measures in this area. However, where measured, little obvious impact on behaviour is seen in terms of behaviour disorder. Authors' conclusions: In summary this review broadly supports the use of AEDs to reduce seizure frequency in people with refractory epilepsy and intellectual disability. The evidence suggests that side effects are similar to those in the general population and that behavioural side effects leading to discontinuation are rare but that other effects are under researched. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Pimozide for schizophrenia or related psychoses$$$ Background: Pimozide, formulated in the 1960s, continues to be marketed for the care of people with schizophrenia or related psychoses such as delusional disorder. It has been associated with cardiotoxicity and sudden unexplained deaths. Electrocardiogram monitoring is now required before and during use. Objectives: To assess the clinical effects of pimozide for people with schizophrenia, non-affective psychotic mental illness and delusional disorder. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (July 2005). Selection criteria: We sought all relevant randomised clinical trials comparing pimozide with other treatments. Data collection and analysis: Working independently, we inspected citations, ordered papers, and then re-inspected and quality assessed the studies and extracted data. For homogeneous dichotomous data, we calculated the relative risk (RR), 95% confidence interval (CI), and, where appropriate, the number needed to treat (NNT) and the number needed to harm (NNH), on an intention-to-treat basis. We calculated weighted mean differences (WMD) for continuous data. We excluded data if loss to follow-up was greater than 50%. Main results: We found 35 relevant studies (total n=1348), all including people with schizophrenia but none with delusional disorder. 123 people were randomised to pimozide versus placebo. Data suggest that pimozide prevents relapse (2 RCTs, n=66, RR 0.45 CI 0.2 to 0.9, NNT 4 CI 3 to 22). Compared with typical antipsychotic drugs, pimozide has similar efficacy for outcomes of change in global functioning, mental state, relapse and leaving the study early. People allocated to pimozide did not have a higher mortality than those taking other antipsychotic drugs. Pimozide was more likely than typical antipsychotic drugs to cause tremor in the short-term (6 RCTs, n=192, RR 1.6 CI 1.1 to 2.3, NNH 6 CI 3 to 44) and lead to need for antiparkinsonian medication (4 RCTs, n=124, RR 1.8 CI 1.2 to 2.6, NNH 3 CI 2 to 5) than other drugs. In the medium-term, however, pimozide was less likely to cause sedation (5 RCTs, n=231, RR 0.6 CI 0.5 to 0.9, NNH 6 CI 4 to 16). Authors' conclusions: Although there are shortcomings in the data, there is enough overall consistency over different outcomes and time scales to confirm that pimozide is a drug with similar efficacy to other more commonly used antipsychotic drugs such as chlorpromazine for people with schizophrenia. There are no data to support or refute its use for those with delusional disorder. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Thioridazine for schizophrenia$$$ Background: Thioridazine is an antipsychotic that can still be used for schizophrenia although it is associated with the cardiac arrhythmia, torsades de pointe. Objectives: To review the effects of thioridazine for people with schizophrenia. Search strategy: For this 2006 update, we searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (June 2006). Selection criteria: We included all randomised clinical trials comparing thioridazine with other treatments for people with schizophrenia or other psychoses. Data collection and analysis: We reliably selected, quality rated and extracted data from relevant studies. For dichotomous data, we estimated relative risks (RR), with the 95% confidence intervals (CI). Where possible, we calculated the number needed to treat/harm statistic (NNT/H) on an intention-to-treat basis. Main results: This review currently includes 42 RCTs with 3498 participants. When thioridazine was compared with placebo (total n=668, 14 RCTs) we found global state outcomes favoured thioridazine (n=105, 3 RCTs, RR 'no change or worse' by 6 months 0.33 CI 0.2 to 0.5, NNT of 2 CI 2 to 3). Thioridazine is sedating (n=324, 3 RCTs, RR 5.37 CI 3.2 to 9.1, NNH 4 CI 2 to 74). Generally, thioridazine did not cause more movement disorders than placebo. Twenty-seven studies (total n=2598) compared thioridazine with typical antipsychotics. We found no significant difference in global state (n=743, 11 RCTs, RR no short-term change or worse 0.98 CI 0.8 to 1.2) and medium-term assessments (n=142, 3 RCTs, RR 0.99, CI 0.6 to 1.6). We found no significant differences in the number of people leaving the study early 'for any reason' (short-term, n=1587, 19 RCTs, RR 1.07 CI 0.9 to 1.3). Extrapyramidal adverse events lower for those allocated to thioridazine (n=1082, 7 RCTs, RR use of antiparkinsonian drugs 0.45 CI 0.4 to 0.6). Thioridazine did seem associated with cardiac adverse effects (n=74, 1 RCT, RR 'any cardiovascular adverse event' 3.17 CI 1.4 to 7.0, NNH 3 CI 2 to 5). Electrocardiogram changes were significantly more frequent in the thioridazine group (n=254, 2 RCTs, RR 2.38, CI 1.6 to 3.6, NNH 4 CI 3 to 10). Six RCTs (total n=344) randomised thioridazine against atypical antipsychotics. Global state rating did not reveal any short-term difference between thioridazine and remoxipride and sulpiride (n=203, RR not improved or worse 1.00 CI 0.8 to 1.3). Limited data did not highlight differences in adverse event profiles. Authors' conclusions: Although there are shortcomings, there appears to be enough consistency over different outcomes and periods to confirmthat thioridazine is an antipsychotic of similar efficacy to other commonly used antipsychotics for people with schizophrenia. Its adverse events profile Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Amphetamines for improving recovery after stroke$$$ Background: Animal research shows that treatment with amphetamines improves recovery after focal cerebral ischaemia. If the effects are similar in humans, amphetamine treatment could have a major impact on recovery from stroke. Objectives: To assess the effects of amphetamine treatment in patients with stroke. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register (last searched January 2006), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library Issue 1, 2006), MEDLINE (1966 to January 2006), EMBASE (1980 to January 2006), CINAHL (1982 to January 2006), CINAHL (1982 to January 2006), Science Citation Index (1992 to March 2005) and registers of ongoing trials. We also checked the reference lists of all relevant articles and reviews, and contacted researchers in the field. Selection criteria: Randomized unconfounded trials comparing amphetamine with placebo. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently selected trials for inclusion and assessed trial quality; one extracted the data. Main results: Ten studies involving 287 patients were included, but not all trials contributed data to each outcome examined in this review. The quality of the trials varied but was generally high. Based on three trials (106 patients) there was no evidence that amphetamine treatment reduced death or dependence (Peto's odds ratio (Peto OR) 1.5, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.6 to 3.3). Imbalances at baseline with more serious stroke allocated to amphetamine may account for the trend for more deaths at the end of follow up among amphetamine-allocated patients (Peto OR 2.8, 95% CI 0.9 to 8.6). Based on two trials (73 patients) systolic (weighted mean difference (WMD) 8.4 mm Hg, 95% CI 1.6 to 15.2) and diastolic (WMD 4.9 mm Hg, 95% CI 1.1 to 8.8) blood pressure, as well as heart rate, increased (WMD 10.6 bpm, 95% CI 3.3 to 17.8) in amphetamine-allocated patients. Based on six studies (176 patients) there was evidence of a better relative change from baseline to last follow up in motor function (WMD -6.1 points; 95% CI -10.4 to -1.9) Different results with different analysis approaches emphasize caution in the interpretation of the results. Authors' conclusions: At present, too few patients have been studied to draw any definite conclusions about the effects of amphetamine treatment on recovery from stroke. The suggested benefits on motor function and the non-significant trend towards increased risk of death could be related to imbalances in prognostic variables or other bias in the studies. Further research is therefore justified. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Antidepressants for smoking cessation$$$ Background: There are at least two theoretical reasons to believe antidepressants might help in smoking cessation. Nicotine withdrawal may produce depressive symptoms or precipitate a major depressive episode and antidepressants may relieve these. Nicotine may have antidepressant effects that maintain smoking, and antidepressants may substitute for this effect. Alternatively, some antidepressants may have a specific effect on neural pathways underlying nicotine addiction, (e.g. blocking nicotine receptors) independent of their antidepressant effects. Objectives: The aim of this review is to assess the effect of antidepressant medications in aiding long-term smoking cessation. The medications include bupropion; doxepin; fluoxetine; imipramine; moclobemide; nortriptyline; paroxetine; sertraline, tryptophan and venlafaxine. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Tobacco Addiction Group trials register which includes trials indexed in MEDLINE, EMBASE, SciSearch and PsycINFO, and other reviews and meeting abstracts, in September 2006. Selection criteria: We considered randomized trials comparing antidepressant medications to placebo or an alternative pharmacotherapy for smoking cessation. We also included trials comparing different doses, using pharmacotherapy to prevent relapse or re-initiate smoking cessation or to help smokers reduce cigarette consumption. We excluded trials with less than six months follow up. Data collection and analysis: We extracted data in duplicate on the type of study population, the nature of the pharmacotherapy, the outcome measures, method of randomization, and completeness of follow up. The main outcome measure was abstinence from smoking after at least six months follow up in patients smoking at baseline, expressed as an odds ratio (OR). We used the most rigorous definition of abstinence available in each trial, and biochemically validated rates if available. Where appropriate, we performed meta-analysis using a fixed-effect model. Main results: Seventeen new trials were identified since the last update in 2004 bringing the total number of included trials to 53. There were 40 trials of bupropion and eight trials of nortriptyline. When used as the sole pharmacotherapy, bupropion (31 trials, odds ratio [OR] 1.94, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.72 to 2.19) and nortriptyline (four trials, OR 2.34, 95% CI 1.61 to 3.41) both doubled the odds of cessation. There is insufficient evidence that adding bupropion or nortriptyline to nicotine replacement therapy provides an additional long-term benefit. Three trials of extended therapy with bupropion to prevent relapse after initial cessation did not find evidence of a significant long-term benefit. From the available data bupropion and nortriptyline appear to be equally effective and of similar efficacy to nicotine replacement therapy. Pooling three trials comparing bupropion to varenicline showed a lower odds of quitting with bupropion (OR 0.60, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.78). There is a risk of about 1 in 1000 of seizures associated with bupropion use. Concerns that bupropion may increase suicide risk are currently unproven. Nortriptyline has the potential for serious side-effects, but none have been seen in the few small trials for smoking cessation. There were six trials of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors; four of fluoxetine, one of sertraline and one of paroxetine. None of these detected significant long-term effects, and there was no evidence of a significant benefit when results were pooled. There was one trial of the monoamine oxidase inhibitor moclobemide, and one of the atypical antidepressant venlafaxine. Neither of these detected a significant long-term benefit. Authors' conclusions: The antidepressants bupropion and nortriptyline aid long-term smoking cessation but selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (e.g. fluoxetine) do not. Evidence suggests that the mode of action of bupropion and nortriptyline is independent of their antidepressant effect and that they are of similar efficacy to nicotine replacement. Adverse events with both medications are rarely serious or lead to stopping medication. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Oral fluphenazine versus placebo for schizophrenia$$$ Background: Fluphenazine is one of the first drugs to be classed as an 'antipsychotic' and has been widely available for five decades. Objectives: To evaluate the effects of oral fluphenazine for schizophrenia in comparison with placebo. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's trials register (September 2006) which includes relevant randomised controlled trials from the bibliographic databases Biological Abstracts, CINAHL, The Cochrane Library, EMBASE, MEDLINE, PsycLIT, LILACS, PSYNDEX, Sociological Abstracts and Sociofile. References of all identified studies were searched for further trial citations. Selection criteria: We sought all randomised controlled trials comparing oral fluphenazine with placebo relevant to people with schizophrenia. Primary outcomes of interest were global state and adverse effects. Data collection and analysis: We inspected citations and abstracts independently, ordered papers and re-inspected and quality assessed trials. We extracted data independently.Dichotomous data were analysed using fixed effects relative risk (RR) and the 95% confidence interval (CI). Continuous data were excluded if more than 50% of people were lost to follow up, but, where possible, weighted mean differences (WMD) were calculated. Main results: We found over 1200 electronic records for 415 studies, 47 of which were relevant but only seven could be included. Compared with placebo, in the short-term, global state outcomes for 'not improved' were not significantly different (n=75, 2 RCTs, RR 0.71 CI 0.5 to 1.1). There is evidence that oral fluphenazine, in the short term, increases a person's chances of experiencing extrapyramidal effects such as akathisia (n=227, 2 RCTs, RR 3.43 CI 1.2 to 9.6, NNH 13 CI 4 to 128) and rigidity (n=227, 2 RCTs, RR 3.54 CI 1.8 to 7.1, NNH 6 CI 3 to 17). We found study attrition to be lower in the oral fluphenazine group, but data were not statistically significant (n=227, 2 RCTs, RR 0.70 CI 0.4 to 1.1). Authors' conclusions: The findings in this review confirm much that clinicians and recipients of care already know, but they provide quantification to support clinical impression. Fluphenazine's global position as an effective treatment for psychoses is not threatened by the outcome of this review. However, fluphenazine is an imperfect treatment and If accessible, other inexpensive drugs less associated with adverse effects may be an equally effective choice for people with schizophrenia. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Benzodiazepines for schizophrenia$$$ Background: Many people with schizophrenia do not achieve a satisfactory treatment response with ordinary antipsychotic drug treatment. In these cases, various add-on medications are used, among them benzodiazepines. Objectives: To review the effects of benzodiazepines for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizophrenia-like psychoses. Search strategy: The reviewers searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's register (last search March 2005). This register is compiled by methodical searches of BIOSIS, CINAHL, Dissertation abstracts, EMBASE, LILACS, MEDLINE, PSYNDEX, PsycINFO, RUSSMED, Sociofile, supplemented with hand searching of relevant journals and numerous conference proceedings. We also contacted authors of relevant studies in order to obtain missing data from existing trials. Selection criteria: All randomised controlled trials comparing benzodiazepine to antipsychotics or to placebo (or no intervention), whether as sole treatment or as an adjunct to antipsychotic medication for the treatment of schizophrenia and/or schizophrenia-like psychoses. Data collection and analysis: We independently inspected abstracts, selected studies and re-inspected and quality assessed the full reports. We independently extracted relevant outcomes. Dichotomous data were analysed using relative risks (RR) and the 95% confidence intervals (CI). Continuous data were analysed using weighted mean differences. Where possible the number needed to treat (NNT) or number needed to harm (NNH) statistics were calculated. Main results: The review currently includes 31 studies with over 2000 participants. Most studies were small, of short duration - one to 13 weeks - and inconsistently and incompletely reported. Eight studies compared benzodiazepines as a sole agent with placebo. More participants receiving benzodiazepines showed a clinically significant response (n=222, 4 RCTs, RR 0.54 CI 0.3 to 1.0, NNT 3 CI 2 to 17). Only one small study found a significant group difference in favour of benzodiazepines regarding the improvement in overall BPRS mental state. Different rating scales were used to assess general mental state, and therefore many outcomes could not be pooled and no overall direction of effect emerged. Some adverse events observed in these studies suggested that benzodiazepines were more harmful than placebos but again the data were incompletely reported and without overall effect. Thirteen studies examined the effects of benzodiazepines in comparison to antipsychotics as a sole treatment. Trials that reported on clinical response found no advantage for any treatment group concerning improvement of the participants' global state, except of one small study that analysed the mean CGI severity score at one hour. This comparison is highly limited by the low numbers of studies reporting on global function and the short trial duration. Two studies showed a statistically significant superiority of antipsychotics in terms of relapse prevention at one year. Desired sedation occurred significantly more often among participants in the benzodiazepine group than among participants in the antipsychotic treatment group at 20 (n=301, 1 RCT, RR 1.32 CI 1.2 -1.5, NNT 5, CI 3 to 8) and 40 minutes(n= 301, 1 RCT, RR 1.13 CI 1.0 to 1.2, NNT 9 CI 6 to 33), but not at 30, 60 or 12 minutes. Other outcomes relating to the general or specific mental state revealed no significant differences between groups. As far as adverse events were reported there were no results in favour of any group. Sixteen studies examined whether the augmentation of antipsychotics with benzodiazepines is more effective than antipsychotics as a sole treatment. During the first hour of treatment the combination treatment group benefited from the additional benzodiazepine in terms of the participants' global state. This benefit diminished over time and was not reproducible at 2 hours or longer. No superior efficacy of benzodiazepine augmentation could be found regarding the general mental state. Specific aspects of the mental state showed no group difference except for desired sedation at 30 and 60 minutes. Somnolence affected the combination treatment group significantly more than the control group (n=118, 2 RCTs, RR 3.30 CI 1.0 to 10.4, NNH 8 CI 5 to 50). We found use of antiparkinson medication to be less frequently used in the combination treatment group (n=282, RR 0.68 CI 0.5 to 1.0, NNT 9 CI 6 to 48). Adverse events were poorly reported and the results were based on very little data. Authors' conclusions: Randomised trial-derived evidence is currently too poor to recommend benzodiazepines neither as a sole nor as an adjunctive agent in schizophrenia or schizophrenia-like psychoses. The only significant effects were seen in terms of short-term sedation, at best. The evidence available on augmentation of antipsychotics with benzodiazepines is inconclusive and justifies large, simple and well-designed future trials focusing on clinical response, mental state, aggressive behaviour and adverse events. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical pharmacology and medication-associated side effects: A review of second-generation antipsychotics for schizophrenia$$$ Second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) have largely replaced conventional antipsychotics as first-line therapy for the treatment of schizophrenia in the United States. While recent evidence suggests similar efficacy with low-dose conventional antipsychotics, much of the advantage favoring SGAs comes from the fact that there are less extrapyramidal side effects (EPS) at effective doses with these drugs. As a medication class, and with the exception of clozapine, the SGAs overall are very similar with regard to efficacy, yet are heterogeneous with respect to receptor binding and structure-activity as well as their side effect liabilities. This paper will review the clinical psychopharmacology of the SGAs, as well as adverse events associated with these drugs. Because certain side effects may be associated with a higher likelihood for nonadherence with treatment, more detailed data for each of the SGAs with regard to EPS, weight gain and metabolic abnormalities, and sexual dysfunction is presented. ER  - 
Role of anti-angiogenesis agents in treating NSCLC: Focus on bevacizumab and VEGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors$$$ Successful inhibition of angiogenesis with the anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) antibody bevacizumab has improved the efficacy seen with standard cytotoxic therapy in NSCLC. The addition of bevacizumab to first-line chemotherapy improved response rate and progression free survival and added 2 months to median overall survival for those patients with advanced stage NSCLC on the treatment arm of E4599. Bevacizumab is now a standard agent to add to frontline carboplatin and paclitaxel for patients with newly diagnosed NSCLC who meet the eligibility criteria from the landmark E4599 trial. Unfortunately about half of all patients are not eligible either because they have squamous histology, brain metastases, or are on anti-coagulation. Ongoing trials are further exploring the safety of bevacizumab in these patient populations, as well as in combination with other cytotoxic regimens. Exploration of other applications of bevacizumab in the second-line and adjuvant setting are ongoing as well. The largest class of drugs that block angiogenesis are the multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) that target the VEGF receptor (VEGFR). These drugs are still in development, and though two are now on the market for treating other malignancies, their role in NSCLC is under investigation. These agents have the advantages of hitting multiple targets, convenient oral administration, and potential for lower cost. Their lack of target specificity leads to unexpected toxicity, but also promising efficacy. For example, the overall objective response rate of 9.5% with single agent sunitinib compares similarly to that of pemetrexed or docetaxel in previously treated NSCLC patients, but toxicity, notably fatigue, lead to discontinuation in 38% of patients. Hypertension, hemorrhage and cavitation are common toxicities amongst this class of agents. Rash, fatigue, myalgia, and hand-foot syndrome are more specifically seen with TKIs. These compounds may also be synergistic or additive with traditional cytotoxic chemotherapy drugs and other novel compounds. In early trials sorafenib as a single agent has shown no clinical response in previously treated NSCLC patients, whereas clinical benefit in combination with erlotinib or chemotherapy has been seen in early studies. Vandetanib has demonstrated objective responses as a single agent and in combination with chemotherapy in previously treated NSCLC patients. A phase I trial of AZD2171 with carboplatin and paclitaxel in newly diagnosed advanced stage NSCLC also demonstrated promising results with 6 of 15 patients achieving partial responses. NSCLC specific trials are also underway, or in development for pazopanib, axitinib, AMG 706, XL647, enzastaurin, and other TKIs. Other anti-angiogenesis agents with different mechanisms of action include thalidomide and its derivatives, monoclonal antibodies to the VEGFRs, and VEGF Trap, a chimeric molecule which combines extracellular portions of VEGFR1 and VEGFR2 with the Fc portion of immunoglobulin G1 to form a molecule that binds and 'traps' VEGF. Despite modest improvements, prognosis continues to be poor for patients with advanced NSCLC. Bevacizumab is a first step into the world of angiogenesis inhibitors for NSCLC and though it only offers a modest survival benefit in a limited patient population, it paves the way for the development of the next generation of anti-angiogenesis inhibitors. We can hope that further improvements in survival will follow. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007. ER  - 
Prevention of Alzheimer's disease$$$ Many possible preventive approaches for AD have been identified, however we lack Randomized Clinical Trials (RCT) to determine their actual efficacy. There is RCT's evidence supporting the effectiveness of blood pressure control, and demonstrating that the use of estrogen for postmenopausal women does not reduce the incidence of AD. Observational studies suggest that some preventive approaches, such as having a healthy lifestyle, ongoing education, regular physical activity and cholesterol control may play a role in the prevention of AD. These preventive approaches can and should be used for everyone because they imply no significant risk. At present there are no effective pharmacological interventions, with enough research into it, to support their use in the prevention of AD. It is essential that health professionals offer education to individuals about preventive strategies and about potentially modifiable risk factors, especially for those with higher risk of AD. ER  - 
Comparison of the clinical manifestations, brain MRI and prognosis between NeuroBehçet's disease and neuropsychiatric lupus$$$ Background : Neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE) shows some similarities to neuroBehçet's disease (NBD) in that both conditions have some analogous clinical features and they are both pathologically associated cerebral vasculopathy. This study compared the clinical manifestations, brain MRI findings and prognosis of NPSLE and NBD patients. Methods : Forty three patients with NPSLE (n = 25) or NBD (n = 18), who were monitored at a single center, were enrolled in this study. We retrospectively analyzed the clinical and brain MRI data. The neuropsychiatric manifestations were classified in both groups according to the new American College of Rheumatology nomenclature for NPSLE. Results : The diffuse symptoms that included mood disorders, psychosis, confusion, cognitive dysfunctions, generalized seizures and headaches other than migraine or cluster headaches were more commonly observed in the NPSLE patients, while the frequency of focal diseases such as cranial neuropathy tended to be higher in the NBD patients. The brain MRI revealed that the NBD patients had more abnormalities in the brain stem than did the NPSLE patients. Most of the patients improved, at least partially, after being treated with glucocorticoid and/or immune suppressants. However, the disease course differed significantly between the two groups. There were more episodic cases in the NPSLE group of patients, while there were more remittent cases in the NBD group of patients. Conclusion : NPSLE had a tendency to cause diffuse neuropsychiatric manifestations, and it has a different predilection of brain lesions compared with NBD. The NBD patients showed a poorer outcome than did the NPSLE patients, suggesting that different therapeutic strategies for the two diseases need to be considered. ER  - 
The development of the personality in childhood epilepsy with complex-partial seizures$$$ The study presented addresses the association between severity and course of childhood epilepsy with complex-partial seizures and subsequent personality development. Participants in the study were 84 patients first seen when they were 8 years on average. A follow-up examination was conducted about 13 years thereafter. At the first examination about half of the patients showed a psychiatric disorder, another quarter showed developmental delays and 35% were mentally retarded. It could be demonstrated that a high frequency of complex-partial seizures was related to depressive symptoms. However, additional generalized seizures did not further contribute to the severity of psychiatric problems. Patients who continued to show seizures reported less life satisfaction, a more passive attitude and higher emotional instability at follow-up in comparison to patients with a complete remission of epilepsy. © Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht 2007. ER  - 
Weight gain with atypical antipsychotics: Evidence and insights$$$ Weight gain associated with antipsychotic medication can be a barrier to the overall improvement of mental health patients due to a discontinuation of treatment. The goal of this article is to establish a better understanding regarding the mechanisms of antipsychotic medications and their associated risk of weight gain, obesity, and subsequent mortality and morbidity. Additionally, the need to closely monitor patients' lifestyles and homeostatic components in order to prevent weight gain or facilitate weight loss is emphasized. ER  - 
The effects of hyperbaric oxygen therapy on oxidative stress, inflammation, and symptoms in children with autism: An open-label pilot study$$$ Background: Recently, hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) has increased in popularity as a treatment for autism. Numerous studies document oxidative stress and inflammation in individuals with autism; both of these conditions have demonstrated improvement with HBOT, along with enhancement of neurological function and cognitive performance. In this study, children with autism were treated with HBOT at atmospheric pressures and oxygen concentrations in current use for this condition. Changes in markers of oxidative stress and inflammation were measured. The children were evaluated to determine clinical effects and safety. Methods: Eighteen children with autism, ages 3-16 years, underwent 40 hyperbaric sessions of 45 minutes duration each at either 1.5 atmospheres (atm) and 100% oxygen, or at 1.3 atm and 24% oxygen. Measurements of C-reactive protein (CRP) and markers of oxidative stress, including plasma oxidized glutathione (GSSG), were assessed by fasting blood draws collected before and after the 40 treatments. Changes in clinical symptoms, as rated by parents, were also assessed. The children were closely monitored for potential adverse effects. Results: At the endpoint of 40 hyperbaric sessions, neither group demonstrated statistically significant changes in mean plasma GSSG levels, indicating intracellular oxidative stress appears unaffected by either regimen. A trend towards improvement in mean CRP was present in both groups; the largest improvements were observed in children with initially higher elevations in CRP. When all 18 children were pooled, a significant improvement in CRP was found (p = 0.021). Pre- and post-parental observations indicated statistically significant improvements in both groups, including motivation, speech, and cognitive awareness (p < 0.05). No major adverse events were observed. Conclusion: In this prospective pilot study of children with autism, HBOT at a maximum pressure of 1.5 atm with up to 100% oxygen was safe and well tolerated. HBOT did not appreciably worsen oxidative stress and significantly decreased inflammation as measured by CRP levels. Parental observations support anecdotal accounts of improvement in several domains of autism. However, since this was an open-label study, definitive statements regarding the efficacy of HBOT for the treatment of individuals with autism must await results from double-blind, controlled trials. © 2007 Rossignol et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Antivirals and the control of influenza outbreaks$$$ During annual influenza epidemics, outbreaks of influenza in closed institutions are common. Among healthy children or young adults, such outbreaks are uncommonly associated with serious morbidity or mortality; however, in hospitals and nursing homes, attack rates as high as 60% and case-fatality rates as high as 50% have been reported. Annual influenza vaccination of both patients or residents and hospital and nursing home staff has had a substantial impact on mortality and has reduced the number of outbreaks. Nonpharmacologic interventions (e.g., handwashing and contact isolation of case patients) may reduce the spread of influenza, although evidence for their efficacy is lacking. Nonetheless, long-term care facilities for the elderly population with high vaccination rates and better-than-average infection-control programs have a 25%-50% chance of experiencing an influenza outbreak each year, with an expected resident attack rate of 35%-40%. Thus, antiviral drugs have been increasingly used to mitigate the impact of influenza outbreaks. There are 2 classes of antiviral drugs that are active against influenza: adamantanes and neuraminidase inhibitors. Drugs of the 2 classes appear to be equally effective for the treatment and prophylaxis of susceptible influenza A virus strains. However, adamantanes are not active against influenza B virus, and an increasing proportion of influenza A isolates are resistant to adamantanes. Adamantanes are associated with higher rates of adverse events than are neuraminidase inhibitors. There is substantial evidence that antiviral prophylaxis is effective in terminating outbreaks of seasonal influenza in closed institutions. If stockpiles are adequate, antiviral drugs are likely to be even more important in mitigating the impact of influenza transmission in health care institutions during the next influenza pandemic. © 2007 by the Infectious Diseases Society of America. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Employing the treatment-free interval of intermittent androgen ablation to screen candidate prostate cancer therapies$$$ BACKGROUND. Because neither continuous nor intermittent hormonal therapy is curative, we designed a clinical model to screen new drugs for additive or synergistic effects with hormonal therapy and used IM862, a naturally occurring dipeptide with antiangiogenic and immunomodulatory properties, to test it. METHODS. Patients with prostate cancer who had rising PSA levels after radical prostatectomy and/or radiation therapy were given combined androgen ablation for 3 months. After 2 months' treatment, patients were randomly assigned in a double-blind fashion to receive intranasal IM862 or placebo daily. Treatment continued for 6 months or until disease progression, which was defined by a rising serum PSA level, the appearance of new skeletal or extraskeletal metastatic disease, or new symptoms requiring intervention. RESULTS. Seventy-one patients were evaluable for response. Median time to PSA progression was not reached in either group. At 6 months, disease had progressed in 14 (41%) of the 34 patients receiving treatment and 18 (49%) of the 37 receiving placebo (P = 0.39). No significant toxicities emerged. CONCLUSIONS. The model was demonstrated to be an efficient platform for new drug screening; however, IM862, though well tolerated, failed to demonstrate superiority over placebo in prolonging time to PSA progression. © 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Nondrug treatments for psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: What's the evidence?$$$ Objective: The purpose of this Cochrane Review was to establish the evidence base for treatment of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. Methods: Six hundred eight references were identified using a search strategy designed with the support of the Cochrane Review Epilepsy Group library. The search employed Medline and PsychInfo, and included hand searches of relevant journals (Seizure, Epilepsia, Epilepsy & Behavior, Epilepsy Research). Results: Three studies were found that met the inclusion criteria; two used hypnosis and one used paradoxical therapy. None included detailed reports of improved seizure frequency or quality of life, although reduction in seizure frequency was mentioned. All three studies concluded that the intervention used was beneficial in the treatment of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. Conclusions: The limited number of studies and poor methodology preclude these results from being generalizable. There is a need for well-designed clinical trials to identify the most suitable treatments for this population. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adjunctive therapy of uncontrolled partial seizures with levetiracetam in Australian patients$$$ Objective: The goal of the work described here was to explore the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of adjunctive therapy with levetiracetam and associated changes in health-related quality of life in Australian patients with uncontrolled partial seizures. Methods: A phase IV open-label 16-week clinical trial was undertaken. Patients received adjunctive levetiracetam, adjusted according to clinical response to a final daily dose of 1000-3000 mg. Seizure frequency and adverse events were recorded. A quality-of-life questionnaire (QOLIE-10-P) was administered at the start and end of therapy. Results: The intention-to-treat population (N = 152) experienced a median reduction in total seizure frequency of 57.7%. The 50% responder rate was 56.6%, and 12.5% of patients were free of seizures throughout the trial. Adverse events were mostly mild or moderate, leading to discontinuation in 9.9%. The most common adverse events were somnolence, fatigue, headache, and dizziness. Behavioral adverse events occurred in approximately one-quarter of patients, including two-thirds of those who withdrew because of adverse events. There was an improvement in the QOLIE-10-P score. Conclusion: Levetiracetam is effective and well tolerated when added to existing therapy in patients with uncontrolled partial seizures. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of sleep disorders in children$$$ Sleep disorder can have a significant impact on the growth and development of children. Behavioral intervention is the first step in the management of many sleep disorders. Limit-setting is particularly challenging in younger children but must be consistent. Good sleep hygiene practices must be emphasized to adolescents as well. Indeed, good sleep hygiene is an important intervention for the entire family. There is an emerging development of pharmacologic treatments for sleep disorders. However, as with most medications used for children, there is a paucity of drugs approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for sleep in children due to the limited number of pediatric clinical trials. As a result, most of what is prescribed has been extrapolated from adult studies and is based on clinical experience. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Use of transcranial magnetic stimulation to influence behavior$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a noninvasive technique that allows researchers to induce electrical currents in focal areas of the cerebral cortex. These currents can transiently activate or inhibit focal cortical areas and thus influence behavior. In the 20 years since its introduction, TMS has been applied to the study and treatment of a wide variety of neurologic and psychiatric conditions. This review focuses particular attention on the use of TMS as a research tool for understanding brain-behavior relationships, an adjunct to traditional neurorehabilitation strategies, and a potential treatment option for depression and other psychiatric disorder. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Nonepileptic seizures in children$$$ Purpose: To determine if the clinical characteristics of nonepileptic seizures (NES) are different in children younger than 13 years age as compared to adolescents. Methods: Retrospective review of medical records and video-EEGs (VEEG) of all patients with NES confirmed on VEEG monitoring was performed. Results: Sixty-eight (3.5%) of 1,967 patients monitored with VEEG had a clinical diagnosis of NES. Fifty-nine of 68 patients had their habitual event recorded. Mean age at the time of the VEEG diagnosis was 13 years 4 months. Twenty-two patients were less than 13 years (group A) and 37 were 13 years and older (group B). The male to female ratio was equal in group A, with female predominance seen in group B. NES commonly manifested as subtle motor activity in group A (p < 0.01) and prominent motor activity in group B (p < 0.001). Difficulties at school, family discord, and interpersonal conflicts, were frequent stressors in both groups. Sexual abuse was the least frequent. Depression was more common in group B; cognitive dysfunction (p < 0.001) and epilepsy (p < 0.01) were more common in group A. Conclusions: Differences in clinical semiology and predisposing factors may help identify young children and adolescents who might be at risk for the development of NES. © 2007 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Valproate and neuroendocrine changes in relation to women treated for epilepsy and bipolar disorder: A review$$$ Valproic acid (2-n-propylpentanoic acid, VPA) is well-established as a mood-stabilizer for bi polar disorder, in addition to its application as a treatment in neurological disorders such as epilepsy, migraine headaches, and chronic neuropathic pain. Its mechanisms of actions in any of the disorders have not yet been fully elucidated but currently include GABA-ergic inhibitory effects, the suppression of NMDA-mediated excitatory neurotransmission, and possibly effects on monoamines and cerebral glucose metabolism. Given the rising use of VPA by women of reproductive age for various conditions it is increasingly important to understand how VPA affects reproductive and metabolic function in women, yet a number of key issues regarding VPA use in women of reproductive age remain unclear. These include the question of whether VPA use is associated with the development of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)-like features (such as elevated androgen concentrations and/or chronic anovulation). The metabolic effects of VPA use, particularly on insulin sensitivity and weight gain, are also important to understand. Lastly, questions of VPA use during pregnancy and lactation require continued attention. This article reviews the current understanding of VPA's mechanisms of action, effects on the reproductive and metabolic system, and teratogenic qualities, highlighting important future areas of study. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Mifepristone (RU 486) in Cushing's syndrome$$$ Context: Mifepristone (RU 486) blocks the action of cortisol by binding to the glucocorticoid receptor and, therefore, is of potential therapeutic value in Cushing's syndrome. However, research in endogenous hypercortisolism. has been hampered by the controversy related to the use of mifepristone for inducing abortion. Currently, new studies are planned to better define the role of RU 486 in Cushing's syndrome. This paper reviews the available evidence concerning the therapeutic effects and adverse events of RU 486 in Cushing's syndrome. Evidence acquisition: Original articles and reviews were identified using a PubMed search strategy covering the time period until February 2007. Evidence synthesis: Treatment of Cushing's syndrome with mifepristone has been reported in a total of 18 patients, with daily doses ranging from 5 to 30 mg/kg. Case reports indicate that the mifepristone-induced receptor blockade may lead to significant clinical improvement in patients with Cushing's syndrome in whom surgery and inhibitors of adrenal steroidogenesis fail to control hypercortisolism. Due to its rapid onset of action, mifepristone may be particularly useful in acute crises, e.g. in cortisol-induced psychosis. Side effects include adrenal insufficiency and, as a result of its antiprogestin action, endometrial hyperplasia in long-term treatment. Adrenal insufficiency can be assessed only by careful clinical evaluation, as the hormonal parameters are not reliable during receptor blockade, and is rapidly reversed by exogenous dexamethasone. Well-designed larger clinical trials are needed to better assess the value of this interesting drug in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome. © 2007 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Alternative agents used in ADHD$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is with a prevalence of 2% to 7% the most common neurobehavioral disorder affecting children and adolescents, with persistence into adulthood. Comorbidity and psychosocial circumstances enter into the choice of intervention strategies. Several agents have been demonstrated effective in treating individuals with ADHD. Either direct or indirect attenuation of dopamine and norepinephrine neurotransmission appears related to both the stimulant and nonstimulant medications efficacious in ADHD. However, important differences concerning efficacy and side effects exist both between and with the specific classes of agents like antidepressants, neuroleptics, alpha agonists, beta blockers, levodopa, zinc, magnesium, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and homeopathy. Elucidating the various mechanisms of action of ADHD medications may lead to better choices in matching potential response to the characteristics of individuals. We review the purported mechanism of action and available evidence for selected complementary and alternative medicine therapies for ADHD. ER  - 
Levetiracetam: The first SV2A ligand for the treatment of epilepsy$$$ Levetiracetam is a multiple action drug that primarily acts through an interaction with the synaptic vesicle protein 2A. Levetiracetam is the first drug of its kind to be approved for the treatment of epilepsy and is now the most prescribed among the newer antiepileptic drugs. The discovery process identifying levetiracetam's antiepileptic potential was unique because it challenged several dogmas of antiepileptic drug discovery, and thereby encountered skepticism from the epilepsy community. This was contrasted by a very successful development programme leading to rapid regulatory approval by the FDA. The history of levetiracetam proves that a small core group of committed scientists and physicians, who dare to challenge the conventional scientific doctrine, can be successful in bringing to market a truly novel therapy for epilepsy patients. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
The use of antipsychotics in children and adolescents with bipolar disorders$$$ The use of antipsychotics, particularly the atypical antipsychotics, has increased dramatically in child and adolescent populations over the last decade. This class of psychotropics has been used to treat a variety of psychiatric disorders in pediatric populations, including bipolar disorder (BPD). The present clinical guidelines for treating BPD in younger populations closely follow those for managing adult BPD, as reasoning for using the atypicals is many times initially based on the outcomes of adult studies and indications. As in adult populations, metabolic parameters such as body mass index, blood glucose levels and fasting lipid profiles should be routinely monitored throughout the course of treatment. Of the several studies undertaken thus far, it appears that atypical antipsychotics are efficacious in the treatment of pediatric BPD. However, the number of controlled studies demonstrating their efficacy in younger subjects is limited and further investigation is required to evaluate if effectiveness and potential for side effects differ significantly than that for adult populations. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Potassium channel blockers and openers as CNS neurologic therapeutic agents$$$ Potassium (K+) channels are the most heterogeneous and widely distributed class of ion channels. K+ channels are dynamic pore-forming transmembrane proteins known to play important roles in all cell types underlying both normal and pathophysiological functions. Essential for such diverse physiological processes as nerve impulse propagation, muscle contraction, cellular activation and the secretion of biologically active molecules, various K+ channels are recognized as potential therapeutic targets in the treatment of multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, epilepsy, stroke, brain tumors, brain/spinal cord ischemia, pain and schizophrenia, migraine, as well as cardiac arrhythmias, pulmonary hypertension, diabetes, cervical cancer, urological diseases and sepsis. In addition to their importance as therapeutic targets, certain K+ channels are gaining attention for their beneficial roles in anesthesia, neuroprotection and cardioprotection. The K+ channel gene families (subdividing into multiple subfamilies) include voltage-gated (Kv: Kv1-Kv12 or KCNA-KCND, KCNF-KCNH, KCNQ, KCNS), calcium-activated (KCa: KCa1-KCa5 or KCNM-KCNN), inwardly rectifying (Kir: Kir1-Kir7 or KCNJ) and background/leak or tandem 2-pore (K2P: K2P1-K2P7, K2P9-K2P10, K2P12-K2P13, K2P15-K2P18 or KCNK) K+ channels. Worldwide, the pharmaceutical industry is actively developing better strategies for targeting ion channels, in general, and K+ channels, in particular, already generating over $6 billion in sales per annum from drugs designed to block or modulate ion channel function. This review provides an overview of recent patents on emerging K+ channel blockers and activators (openers) with potential for development as new and improved nervous system therapeutic agents. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Brain metastasis from non-seminomatous germ cell tumor of the testis$$$ Brain metastasis occurs rarely in patients with testicular cancer in the modern era where cisplatin-based chemotherapy regimens are used. The occurrence of brain metastasis can be synchronous or metachronous (with or without concurrent systemic disease). Long-term survival can be achieved in some patients. The vast majority of testicular cancer cases with brain metastasis reported in the literature involve nonseminomatous germ cell tumor and this subtype will be the focus of this review. This article reviews the literature of the diagnosis and management of brain metastasis from nonseminomatous germ cell tumor of the testis. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
The effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of carmustine implants and temozolomide for the treatment of newly diagnosed high-grade glioma: A systematic review and economic evaluation$$$ Objectives: To assess the clinical and cost-effectiveness of adjuvant carmustine wafers (BCNU-W) and also of adjuvant and concomitant temozolomide (TMZ), compared with surgery with radiotherapy. Data sources: Electronic databases were searched up to August 2005. Review methods: Included trials were critically appraised for key elements of internal and external validity. Relevant data were extracted and a narrative synthesis of the evidence produced. Where possible, data on absolute survival at a fixed time point were meta-analysed using a random effects model. A Markov (state transition) model was developed to assess the cost-utility of the two interventions. The model compared BCNU-W or TMZ separately with current standard treatment with surgery and radiotherapy. The simulated cohort had a mean age of 55 years and was modelled over 5 years. Results: Two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (n = 32, n = 240) and two observational studies of BCNU-W compared with placebo wafers as adjuvant therapy to surgery and radiotherapy for newly diagnosed high-grade glioma were identified. All the studies were in adults and provided data on 193 patients who had received BCNU-W. The RCT findings excluded under 65-year-olds and those with a Karnofsky Performance Status of less than 60. The largest multi-centre RCT suggested a possible survival advantage with BCNU-W among a cohort of patients with grade III and IV tumours, adding a median of 2.3 months [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.5 to 5.1]. However, analysis using per-protocol, unstratified methods shows this difference to be not statistically significant (HR 0.77, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.03, p = 0.08). Long-term follow-up suggests a significant survival advantage using unstratified analysis. No difference in progression-free survival (PFS) was demonstrated. Subgroup analysis of those with grade IV tumours also showed no significant survival advantage with BCNU-W [hazard ratio (HR) 0.82. 95% CI 0.55 to 1.11, p = 0.20, unstratified analysis]. It is estimated that the cost of surgery and radiotherapy, with follow-up, treatment of adverse effects and end of life care is around £17,000 per patient. Treatment with BCNU-W adds an additional £6600. Across the modelled cohort of 1000 patients, use of BCNU-W costs an additional £6.6 million and confers an additional 122 quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs). On average, that is £6600 per patient for 0.12Z QALYs (6.3 quality-adjusted life-weeks). The base-case incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) is £54,500/QALY. In probabilistic sensitivity analyses, BCNU-W was not cost-effective in 89% of the simulations assuming a willingness to pay threshold of £30,000/QALY. In 15% of simulations, BCNU-W was dominated (i.e. did more harm than good, conferring fewer QALYs at greater cost). The cost-effectiveness acceptability curve (CEAC) suggests that it is very unlikely to be the most cost-effective option at normal levels of willingness to pay (11% probability at £30,000/QALY), only becoming likely to be the most cost-effective option at much higher levels of willingness to pay (50% probability at £55,000/QALY). Two RCTs (n = 130, n = 573) and two observational studies were included, giving evidence for 429 adult patients receiving TMZ. Currently, TMZ is licensed for use in those with newly diagnosed grade IV gliomas only. The RCTs excluded those with lower performance status and, in the larger RCT, those older than 70 years. TMZ provides a small but statistically significant median survival benefit of 2.5 months (95% CI 2.0 to 3.8), giving an HR of 0.63 (95% CI 0.52 to 0.75, p < 0.001). At 2 years, 26.5% of patients treated with TMZ were alive compared with 10.4% of those in the control arm. Median PFS is also enhanced with TMZ, giving a median 1.9 months' advantage (95% CI 1.4 to 2.7, p < 0.001). No analysis of the subgroup of patients with confirmed grade IV tumours was undertaken. Subgroup analysis of patients by O6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase (MGMT) activity showed a significant treatment advantage for those with reduced MGMT activity but not for those with normal activity, although this analysis was based on a selected sample of patients and the test used has proved difficult to replicate. A median gain of 6.4 (95% CI 4.4 to 9.5) more life-months is seen with TMZ among those with reduced MGMT, giving an HR of 0.51 (p < 0.007). PFS is increased by a median of 4.4 months (95% CI 1.2 to 6.3), giving an HR of 0.48 (p = 0.001). The model shows a cost per patient for being treated with surgery, radiotherapy and including adverse effects of treatment and end of life care of around £17,000 per patient. TMZ in the adjuvant and concomitant phase adds an additional cost of around £7800. Across the modelled cohort of 1000 patients, use of TMZ costs an additional £7.8 million and confers an additional 217 QALYs. For the average patient this is £7800 for an additional 0.217 QALYs (11 quality-adjusted life-weeks). The base-case ICER is £36,000/QALY. Probabilistic sensitivity analyses shows that TMZ was not cost-effective in 77% of the simulations. The CEAC suggests that there is a 23% chance that TMZ is the most cost-effective option at a willingness to pay level of £30,000/QALY, rising to be more cost-effective than no TMZ at slightly higher levels (50% probability at £35,000/QALY). Conclusions: BCNU-W has not been proven to confer a significant advantage in survival for patients with grade III tumours when treated with the drug, compared with placebo. There does not appear to be a survival advantage for patients with grade IV tumours. No increase in PFS has been shown. Limited evidence suggests a small but significant advantage in both overall survival and PFS with TMZ among a mixed population with grade IV and grade III (7-8%) tumours. However, it remains unclear whether this is true in grade IV tumours alone. On the basis of best available evidence, the authors consider that neither BCNU-W nor TMZ is likely to be considered cost-effective by NHS decision-makers. However, data for the model were drawn from limited evidence of variable quality. Tumour type is clearly important in assessing patient prognosis with different treatments. Grade IV tumours are commonest and appear to have least chance of response. There were too few grade III tumours included to carry out a formal assessment, but they appear to respond better and drive results for both drugs. Future use of genetic and biomarkers may help identify subtypes which will respond, but current licensing indications do not specify these. Further research is suggested into the effectiveness of these drugs, and also into areas such as genetic markers, chemotherapy regimens, patient and carer quality of life, and patient views on survival advantages vs treatment disadvantages. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2007. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Levetiracetam$$$ Levetiracetam (LEV) is a broad-spectrum antiepileptic drug that is effective against a variety of seizure types. It is a pyrridoline derivative with a very favourable pharmacokinetic profile: excellent bioavailability, linear kinetics, minimal plasma protein binding and quick achievement of steady state concentrations. It is not metabolized through the P450 hepatic cytochrome system, does not induce its own metabolism and has no clinically relevant drug-drug interactions. It is available as film-coated tablets, liquid formulation for oral ingestion and intravenous concentrated solution. Controlled and open-label studies have shown its efficacy and safety as initial monotherapy and add-on treatment for partial-onset seizures in children and adults, and also as add-on therapy in refractory partial and primary generalized seizures. Its rapid onset of action, lack of drug-drug interactions and availability as an intravenous solution make it an optimal drug to treat epilepsy associated with other medical conditions. Preliminary reports also suggest potential efficacy in refractory status epilepticus, although this is not a registered indication. Levetiracetam is generally well tolerated, and no serious idiosyncratic side effects have been reported so far. Behavioral side effects (hostility up to aggressive behaviour) are not uncommon. Small, uncontrolled studies have suggested potential therapeutic potential in difficult-to-treat dyskinesias in Parkinson's disease, tremors of different etiologies, migraine prophylaxis and mood disorders. This needs to be confirmed in larger, controlled studies. © 2007 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Practice parameter for the assessment and treatment of children and adolescents with depressive disorders$$$ This practice parameter describes the epidemiology, clinical picture, differential diagnosis, course, risk factors, and pharmacological and psychotherapy treatments of children and adolescents with major depressive or dysthymic disorders. Side effects of the antidepressants, particularly the risk of suicidal ideation and behaviors are discussed. Recommendations regarding the assessment and the acute, continuation, and maintenance treatment of these disorders are based on the existent scientific evidence as well as the current clinical practice. Copyright 2007 © American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. ER  - 
Nifurtimox plus eflornithine for late-stage sleeping sickness in Uganda: A case series$$$ Background: We report efficacy and safety outcomes from a prospective case series of 31 late-stage T.b. gambiense sleeping sickness (Human African Trypanosomiasis, HAT) patients treated with a combination of nifurtumox and eflomithine (N+E) in Yumbe, northwest Uganda in 2002-2003, following on a previously reported terminated trial in nearby Omugo, in which 17 patients received the combination under the same conditions. Methodology/Principal findings: Eligible wequential late-stage patients received 400 mg/Kg/day eflomithine (Ornidyl, Sanofi-Aventis) for seven days plus 15 mg/Kg/day (20 mg for children < 15 years old) nifurtimox (Lampit, Bayer AG) for ten days. Efficacy (primary outcome) was monitored for 24 months post discharge. Clinical and laboratory adverse events (secondary outcome) were monitored during treatment. All 31 patients were discharged alive, but two died post-discharge of non-HAT and non-treatment causes, and one was lost to follow-up. Efficacy ranged from 90.3% to 100.0% according to analysis approach. Five patients experienced major adverse events during treatment, and neutropenia was common (9/31 patients). Conclusions/Significance: Combined with the previous group of 17 trial patients, this case series yields a group of 48 patients treated with N+E, among whom no deaths judged to be treatment- or HAT-related, no treatment terminations and no relapses have been noted, a very favourable outcome in the context of late-stage disease. N+E could be the most promising combination regimen available for sleeping sickness, and deserves further evaluation. © 2007 Checchi et al. ER  - 
A double-blind comparison of citalopram and risperidone for the treatment of behavioral and psychotic symptoms associated with dementia$$$ To compare Citalopram and risperidone for the treatment of psychotic symptoms and agitation associated with dementia, with a priori hypotheses that risperidone would be more efficacious for psychosis and Citalopram for agitation. Methods: A 12-week randomized, controlled trial in nondepressed patients with dementia hospitalized because of behavioral symptoms (N = 103) was conducted at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. Participants were consecutively recruited on an inpatient unit if they had at least one moderate to severe target symptom (aggression, agitation, hostility, suspiciousness, hallucinations, or delusions). Once they improved sufficiently, they were discharged to nursing homes, personal care homes, or residential homes for continued treatment. Planned pre-post and mixed model analyses of the main outcome measures of Neurobehavioral Rating Scale and Side Effect Rating Scale at baseline and at weekly/biweekly intervals were conducted. Results: Completion rates did not differ for Citalopram and risperidone (overall completion rate: 44%). Agitation symptoms (aggression, agitation, or hostility) and psychotic symptoms (suspiciousness, hallucinations, or delusions) decreased in both treatment groups but the improvement did not differ significantly between the two groups. There was a significant increase in side effect burden with risperidone but not with Citalopram such that the two groups differed significantly. Conclusion: No statistical difference was found in the efficacy of Citalopram and risperidone for the treatment of either agitation or psychotic symptoms inpatients with dementia. These findings need to be replicated before Citalopram or other serotonergic antidepressants can be recommended as alternatives to antipsychotics for the treatment of agitation or psychotic symptoms associated with dementia. © 2007 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry. ER  - 
Smoking cessation-Making quitting a real option$$$ This article is based on a presentation to the Clinical Consensus on COPD Meeting in London in March 2007. It gives a potted history of man's cultivation, use and abuse of tobacco, then summarises the current strategies of controlling tobacco at international, national and community levels. It then describes the most effective strategies for helping individual smokers quit both in primary care and whilst attending hospitals. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term effectiveness outcome of melatonin therapy in children with treatment-resistant circadian rhythm sleep disorders$$$ To date, there have been no prospective long-term studies of melatonin therapy in children. We report here data from a prospective follow-up study of 44 children with neurodevelopmental disabilities and treatment-resistant circadian rhythm sleep disorders (CRSD) who had participated in a placebo controlled, double blind cross-over trial of sustained-release melatonin. The follow-up study involved a structured telephone interview of caregivers every 3 months for upto 3.8 yr. The caregivers provided ratings of satisfaction, adverse effects, benefits, persistence with treatment and additional medications. Changes in melatonin dose were recorded. Open ended questions were included to capture caregivers' impressions and comments concerning melatonin therapy. Adverse reaction to melatonin therapy and development of tolerance were not evident. Better sleep was associated with reported improvement in health, behavior and learning. At the end of the study, the parental comments regarding the effectiveness of long-term melatonin therapy were highly positive. Parents whose children had sleep maintenance difficulties expressed a wish to have a commercially available controlled-release melatonin product which would promote sleep for 8-10 hr. Hypnotics for children with CRSD should be considered a second line of treatment for those who fail to respond to sleep hygiene and/or melatonin. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
The pharmacological treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adolescents is effective and relatively safe$$$ Although the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in adolescents brings new challenges, stimulant and nonstimulant medications are likely to be as effective in adolescents as they are in younger children. To ensure coverage of school and extracurricular activities, the use of longer-acting formulations is often required. The risk of adverse effects appears to be outweighed by the benefits of treatmen. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Medical Management of Brain Tumor Patients$$$ Brain tumors can present challenging medical problems. Seizures, peritumoral edema, venous thromboembolism, fatigue, and cognitive dysfunction can complicate the treatment of patients who have primary or metastatic brain tumors. Effective medical management results in decreased morbidity and mortality and improved quality of life for affected patients. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Endocannabinoid system and cardiometabolic risk$$$ The increasing prevalence of overweight and obesity counteracts the favorable advances of risk factor management achieved for cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention. Obese and overweight individuals are at increased risk for CVDs and diabetes mellitus, a risk pattern called "cardiometabolic risk." There is a growing interest concerning the role of the endocannabinoid system in energy metabolism and how blockade of cannabinoid receptors (CB1) may optimize fat distribution, insulin sensitivity, and blood lipids to improve cardiovascular risk profile. ER  - 
Topiramate: A review of its use in the treatment of epilepsy$$$ Topiramate (Topamax®) is a structurally novel broad-spectrum antiepileptic drug (AED) with established efficacy as monotherapy or adjunctive therapy in the treatment of adult and paediatric patients with generalised tonic-clonic seizures, partial seizures with or without generalised seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. The incidence and severity of many adverse events, including CNS-related events, may be reduced through the use of slow titration to effective and well tolerated dosages. It is associated with few clinically significant interactions with other drugs, is effective when used with other AEDs, is not associated with drug-induced weight gain and, at lower dosages, does not interfere with the effectiveness of oral contraceptives. Therefore, topiramate is a valuable option as monotherapy or adjunctive therapy in the treatment of epilepsy in adult and paediatric patients. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
New drug review$$$ New molecular entities (NMEs), as defined by the FDA, are new drug products that have as their active ingredient a chemical substance marketed for the first time in the United States. The following descrptions of the NMEs approved during the first half of 2007 detail the pharmacotherapeutic design and mechanism of action of each new drug. Also included is a summary of selected clinical data presented to the FDA in support of the manufacturer's new drug application (NDA). The FDA classifies NMEs on the basis of therapeutic potential (Table). NMEs classified as priority review (P) represent significant improvement in comparison to marketed products in the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of a disease. NMEs receiving standard review (S) are those that appear to have therapeutic qualities similar to those of one or more already marketed drugs. This review is intended to be objective rather than evaluative in content. The information for each reviewed NME was obtained primarily from sources published prior to FDA approval. Experience clearly demonstrates that many aspects of a new drug's therapeutic profile, not detected in premarketing studies, surface after the drug is used in large numbers of patients. Studies have indicated the appearance of "new" adverse reactions for many NMEs within two to three years of the drug becoming, available. Many of these drugs may eventually acquire at least one black box warning for serious adverse drug reactions or are withdrawn from the market fo safety reasons that were not recognized at the time of approval. Hence, while this review offers a starting point for learning about new drugs, it is essential that practitioners be vigilant of changes in a drug's therapeutic profile as reported by their own patients and in the pharmaceutical literature. ER  - 
Limitations of contemporary antidepressants: Tolerability$$$ Antidepressant side effects are common and persistent. They can contribute to discomfort, distress, disability, morbidity, and mortality and can compromise the efficacy of treatments. Reducing the side effect burden, either by developing treatments that have a lower incidence of side effects or by using treatment strategies that alleviate side effects, would improve the standard of care for mood and anxiety disorders. In this article, the rates of common adverse events among the newer (posttricyclic era) antidepressants are compared with those among the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, the most popular, contemporary first-line treatments for depression. ER  - 
Novel therapy with 2-methoxyestradiol for the treatment of relapsed and plateau phase multiple myeloma$$$ Purpose: 2-Methoxyestradiol (2ME2) is an endogenous product of estradiol metabolism with antiangiogenic and antineoplastic properties. We report on the first phase II trial of 2ME2 in multiple myeloma. Experimental Design: 2ME2 was administered orally at a dose of 1,000 mg daily. Sixty patients (31 men and 29 women) were treated. After 39 patients were accrued, the dose was increased to 800 mg twice daily for the remaining patients. Results: Thirty-one patients had relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma, and 29 had plateau phase multiple myeloma. Median age was 60 years (range, 27-84 years). Therapy was well tolerated. Common adverse events included anemia (35%), fatigue (35%), nausea (25%), diarrhea (20%), hot flushes (20%), headache (17%), muscle cramps (15%), and upper respiratory tract infection (15%). Most adverse events were mild (grade 1-2); 12% experienced grade 3-4 adverse events. Median time to progression was 3.8 months, with 5.6 months for plateau phase disease and 2.3 months for relapsed multiple myeloma. Estimated progression-free survival rates for all patients at 1, 2, and 3 years were 24%, 17%, and 11%, respectively. Three patients, all with plateau phase disease, have been on study for over 4 years without progression at 50, 60, and 63 months, respectively. Minor response was noted in 2 patients. Conclusions: Although no partial responses have been seen thus far, the minor responses and prolonged stable disease seen with 2ME2 therapy are promising. Plasma levels indicate that the dose of 2ME2 was inadequate. A new formulation with better bioavailability will be tested soon in multiple myeloma. ©2007 American Association for Cancer Research. ER  - 
Supportive management of patients with brain tumors$$$ Management issues for patients with brain tumors include peritumoral edema, symptomatic seizures, venous thromboembolism, headache, pain, fatigue and neuropsychological complaints. Vasogenic edema is typically ameliorated with the lowest dose possible of corticosteroid. Seizures are managed with attention to additional or complicated side effects of antiepileptic drugs and their interactions with chemotherapy, and primary prevention with antiepileptic medications is not recommended. Appropriate treatments for headache, pain, fatigue and neuropsychological complaints are important, but are not yet well standardized. Above all, patients' personal goals regarding their priorities at the end of life have the most importance. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Current issues and trends in the diagnosis and treatment of adults with ADHD$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been commonly thought of as a childhood disorder that diminished over time. It is one of the most common developmental disorders and it is estimated that ADHD affects 5-10% of children. Two-thirds of children with ADHD will continue to have symptoms of ADHD that persist throughout adolescence. Longitudinal studies have demonstrated that symptoms of ADHD can also remain in adulthood, affecting 4.4% of the adult population. However, diagnosing adults with ADHD can prove difficult because they often find that their symptoms are egosyntonic. In addition, the development of comorbid conditions, such as anxiety, depression, personality disorders or substance abuse, can often overshadow underlying ADHD symptoms. Nonetheless, treatments such as stimulant and nonstimulant medication (e.g., atomoxetine), and cognitive-behavior therapy have been effective in treating adults with ADHD. This article reviews the prevalence of adults with ADHD, followed by a discussion of the neurobiological and genetic underpinnings of the disorder. Issues regarding the diagnosis and treatment of ADHD are also addressed. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Placebo-controlled study of levetiracetam in idiopathic generalized epilepsy$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy and tolerability of adjunctive levetiracetam in patients with uncontrolled generalized tonic-clonic (GTC) seizures associated with idiopathic generalized epilepsies (IGE). METHODS: This multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study enrolled adults and children (4 to 65 years) with IGE experiencing ≥3 GTC seizures during the 8-week baseline period (4-week retrospective and 4-week prospective), despite receiving stable doses of one or two antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Patients were randomized to levetiracetam (target dose 3,000 mg/day for adults; 60 mg/kg/day for children) or placebo and a 4-week titration period was followed by a 20-week evaluation period. RESULTS: Of 229 patients screened, 164 were randomized (levetiracetam, n = 80; placebo, n = 84). Levetiracetam produced a greater mean reduction in GTC seizure frequency per week over the treatment period (56.5%) than placebo (28.2%; p = 0.004). The percentage of patients who had ≥50% reduction of GTC seizure frequency per week (responders) during the treatment period was 72.2% for levetiracetam and 45.2% for placebo (p < 0.001; OR 3.28; 95% CI 1.68 to 6.38). During the first 2-week treatment 64.6% of patients on levetiracetam and 45.2% on placebo (p = 0.018) were classified as responders. During the evaluation period the percent of patients free of GTC seizures (34.2% vs 10.7%; p < 0.001) and all seizure types (24.1% vs 8.3%; p = 0.009) was greater for levetiracetam than placebo. Levetiracetam was well tolerated with 1.3% of patients discontinuing therapy due to adverse events vs 4.8% on placebo. CONCLUSION: Adjunctive levetiracetam is an effective and well-tolerated antiepileptic drug for treating generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients with idiopathic generalized epilepsies. ©2007AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
A randomised controlled trial examining the longer-term outcomes of standard versus new antiepileptic drugs. The SANAD trial$$$ Objectives: To compare clinicians' choice of one of the standard epilepsy drug treatments (carbamazepine or valproate) versus appropriate comparator new drugs. Design: A clinical trial comprising two arms, one comparing new drugs in carbamazepine and the other with valproate. Setting: A multicentre study recruiting patients with epilepsy from hospital outpatient clinics. Participants: Patients with an adequately documented history of two or more clinically definite unprovoked epileptic seizures within the last year for whom treatment with a single antiepileptic drug represented the best therapeutic option. Interventions: Arm A was carbamazepine (CBZ) versus gabapentin (GBP) versus lamotrigine (LTG) versus oxcarbazepine (OXC) versus topiramate (TPM). Arm B valproate (VPS) versus LTG versus TPM. Main outcome measures: Time to treatment failure (withdrawal of the randomised drug for reasons of unacceptable adverse events or inadequate seizure control or a combination of the two) and time to achieve a 12-month remission of seizures. Time from randomisation to first seizure, 24-month remission of seizures, incidence of clinically important adverse events, quality of life (QoL) outcomes and health economic outcomes were also considered. Results: Arm A recruited 1721 patients (88% with symptomatic or cryptogenic partial epilepsy and 10% with unclassified epilepsy). Arm B recruited 716 patients (63% with idiopathic generalised epilepsy and 25% with unclassified epilepsy). In Arm A LTG had the lowest incidence of treatment failure and was statistically superior to all drugs for this outcome with the exception of OXC. Some 12% and 8% fewer patients experienced treatment failure on LTG than CBZ, the standard drug, at 1 and 2 years after randomisation, respectively. The superiority of LTG over CBZ was due to its better tolerability but there is satisfactory evidence indicating that LTG is not clinically inferior to CBZ for measures of its efficacy. No consistent differences in QoL outcomes were found between treatment groups. Health economic analysis supported LTG being preferred to CBZ for both cost per seizure avoided and cost per quality-adjusted life-year gained. In Arm B for time to treatment failure, VPS, the standard drug, was preferred to both TPM and LTG, as it was the drug least likely to be associated with treatment failure for inadequate seizure control and was the preferred drug for time to achieving a 12-month remission. QoL assessments did not show any between-treatment differences. The health economic assessment supported the conclusion that VPS should remain the drug of first choice for idiopathic generalised or unclassified epilepsy, although there is a suggestion that TPM is a cost-effective alternative to VPS. Conclusions: The evidence suggests that LTG may be a clinical and cost-effective alternative to the existing standard drug treatment, CBZ, for patients diagnosed as having partial seizures. For patients with idiopathic generalised epilepsy or difficult to classify epilepsy, VPS remains the clinically most effective drug, although TPM may be a cost-effective alternative for some patients. Three new antiepileptic drugs have recently been licensed in the UK for the treatment of epilepsy (levetiracetam, zonisamide and pregabalin), therefore these drugs should be compared in a similarly designed trial. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2007. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Medical co-morbidity in depressive disorders$$$ Background. Depression is much more prevalent among those with chronic medical conditions compared to the general population of the United States. Depression is recognized as a cause of increased morbidity and mortality and has been associated with higher health care costs, adverse health behaviors, significant functional impairment, lost work productivity, occupational disability and increased health care utilization. Method. Searches of Medline, OVIDMedline, PubMed and PsycINFO of all English-language articles published between 1966 and 2007 were conducted using the keywords mood disorders, medical comorbidity, depression, antidepressant therapy. Supplemental references were manually extracted from relevant articles and chapters. Reviews of mechanistic studies and open label and randomized controlled trials of depression in patients with medical co morbidities were reviewed. Results. Depressive disorders are prevalent among the medically ill and the relationship between depression and medical illness may be bidirectional. Antidepressant medications are effective in the treatment of depression in the medically ill. Conclusions. Depressive disorders can adversely impact the course of medical illnesses. Available antidepressant treatments are effective for the treatment of depression in the medically ill. Early identification and treatment of depression in medical illness can positively influence medical outcomes and quality of life. Copyright © American Academy of Clinical Psychiatrists. ER  - 
Comparison of propofol and etomidate regarding impact on seizure threshold during electroconvulsive therapy in patients with schizophrenia.$$$ BACKGROUND: While propofol is known to shorten seizures during electroconvulsive therapy, in our previous study on patients with schizophrenia, there was no need for more frequent restimulations when using propofol compared with etomidate. We hypothesized that etomidate and propofol have similar effects on seizure activity in cases where seizure duration is shorter than 20 seconds. In this study, etomidate and propofol are compared regarding their impact on seizure threshold and seizure duration. METHOD: 30 schizophrenic patients participated in this prospective randomized cross-over study. For anesthetic induction were 1 mg/kg of propofol or 0.2 mg/kg of etomidate used alternately. For both anesthetics, seizure threshold was determined by titrating the dose of the stimulus necessary for eliciting a seizure. Seizure durations were also compared. RESULTS: After etomidate induction, seizure durations registered either by EEG or by EMG were longer than propofol treated cases (EEG: 49.6+/-23.1 s, versus 39.7+/-19 s, p=0.026; EMG: 41.4+/-22 s, versus 32.8+/-17.6 s, p=0.016). However, no significant differences were found for minimum seizure eliciting stimulation energy or the number of restimulations between the two anesthetics (41.58 mC+/-13.6 mC, versus 41.58 mC+/-11.1 mC, p=1.00). CONCLUSION: During the ECT of patients with schizophrenia, propofol was shown to possess significant seizure-shortening properties, but it does not elevate seizure threshold or drop seizure duration under the minimal threshold more frequently than etomidate does. Based on these findings, we conclude that the use of propofol does not result in a greater electric load on the patients than etomidate. ER  - 
Topiramate in add-on therapy: Results from an open-label, observational study$$$ An open-label, observational prospective study assessed the effectiveness of topiramate (TPM) as add-on therapy. A total of 450 patients aged 12 and above with a diagnosis of epilepsy and at least one epileptic seizure during the 12-week retrospective baseline were to be documented. After baseline evaluation, topiramate was added. Ninety-five percent of patients had at least one baseline AED, most commonly Carbamazepine (53%) or Valproate (34%). In 5% TPM was started in monotherapy. Topiramate dose titration and target dose was determined by clinical response and side effect profile. Patients were intended to be followed for a total of 1 year which included 6 visits during which seizure frequency, adverse events, weight as well as clinical global impression were recorded. During the 12 weeks retrospective baseline, a median of 2.8 seizures per month were recorded which reduced significantly to 0.7 per month during the complete treatment phase (p < 0.0001). Seventy-two percent of patients had a ≥50% seizure reduction. Ten percent of patients were seizure free during the study. The most commonly reported adverse events were difficulties with memory (4.2%), somnolence (3.6%), and dizziness (2.7%). Overall, topiramate was well tolerated, and only 5% of patients discontinued treatment due to an adverse event. Retention in the study was higher than previously reported during randomized, dose controlled studies and is likely due to individualized doses as well as slower titration used. © 2007 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Psychiatric events in epilepsy$$$ Psychiatric events are thought to be more frequent in people with epileptic seizures than in the general population. However, inter-ictal psychiatric events attributable to epilepsy remain controversial. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the occurrence of psychiatric events in a population of fairly unselected patients with epilepsy and in the general population, and the correlation between psychiatric complaints and selected demographic and disease characteristics. The survey was part of a multicentre prospective cohort study of everyday life risks conducted in eight European countries and comparing referral children and adults with epilepsy referred to secondary/tertiary centers to age- and sex-matched non-epileptic controls. Nine hundred and fifty-one patients with epilepsy and 909 controls were studied. Each patient and his/her control received a diary to record any accident or illness, with severity, circumstances, causes, consequences, and (for the cases) the possible relation to a seizure. The follow-up period ranged between 1 and 2 years. Fifty-eight psychiatric events occurred in 25 patients (2.6%) and 88 in 19 controls (2.1%). Housewives (9.3%) and unemployed persons (4.1%) were mostly affected. No correlation was found between psychiatric events, demographic and disease characteristics. Our results suggest that people with epilepsy if unselected are not at higher risk for psychiatric disorders than the general population. © 2007 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
The effectiveness of antidepressant medication in the management of behaviour problems in adults with intellectual disabilities: A systematic review$$$ Background: A comprehensive systematic review was performed to establish the current evidence base regarding the effectiveness of antidepressant medication for the management of behaviour problems in adults with intellectual disabilities. Method: An electronic search of PsycInfo, Embase, Medline and Cinahl databases was conducted spanning the time period 1990 to October 2005 for primary trials. This was supplemented by hand searching and cross-referencing of relevant reviews. Strict scientific methodology requirements were formulated that the studies had to meet in order to merit inclusion in this review. Results: One crossover randomized controlled trial in a small cohort, seven prospective uncontrolled trials and two retrospective studies were yielded in the search. Of these, one explored the effectiveness of the tricyclic antidepressant - clomipramine, and nine considered various selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Conclusion: Evidence based primarily on a small number of either prospective or retrospective case studies that included a small number of participants and often used non-validated outcome measures for a short period of follow-up, suggests that antidepressants, particularly SSRIs, show improvement of aggression and self-injurious behaviour on average in less than 50% of cases and the rest show either no improvement or deterioration. The effect is most pronounced in the presence of an underlying anxiety or an associated diagnosis of obsessive-compulsive disorder. Most studies have highlighted the concern regarding adverse effects. © 2007 The Authors. Journal Compilation © 2007 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Smoking Cessation Interventions in Clinical Practice$$$ Objectives: Physicians are in a unique position to advise smokers to quit by integrating the various aspects of nicotine dependence. This review provides an overview of interventions for smokers presenting in a clinical setting. Results: Strategies used for smoking cessation counselling differ according to patient's readiness to quit. For smokers who do not intend to quit smoking, physicians should inform and sensitise them about tobacco use and cessation. For smokers who are dissonant, physicians should use motivational strategies, such as discussing barriers to cessation and their solutions. For smokers ready to quit, the physician should show strong support, help set a quit date, prescribe pharmaceutical therapies for nicotine dependence, such as nicotine replacement therapy (i.e., gum, transdermal patch, nasal spray, mouth inhaler, lozenges, micro and sublingual tablets) and/or bupropion (atypical antidepressant thought to work by blocking neural reuptake of dopamine and/or nor epinephrine), with instructions for use, and suggest behavioural strategies to prevent relapse. The efficacy of all of these pharmacotherapies is comparable, roughly doubling cessation rates over control conditions. Varenicline is a promising new effective drug recently approved by many health authorities. Conclusion: Physician counselling and pharmacotherapeutic interventions for smoking cessation are among the most cost-effective clinical interventions. © 2007 European Society for Vascular Surgery. ER  - 
Non-estrogenic approaches for the treatment of climacteric symptoms$$$ Non-estrogenic alternatives for the treatment of climacteric symptoms have their origin lost in history. Recent clinical trial data have shown that lifestyle and diet adjustment have some effect in improving both hot flushes and mood. Over-the-counter phytotherapeutic extracts are very popular and women often try a variety of products before resorting to traditional medicine. Preparations containing isoflavones in variable doses, such as soy extract and red clover, or extracts from evening primrose, Cimifuga racemosa, ginseng and black cohosh are often used for treating the climacteric syndrome. The scientific support for their efficacy certainly does not equal their popularity. The most tested pharmacological alternatives to estrogens are serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). All available SSRIs have undergone trials for the relief of hot flushes. In spite of the difference between the compounds in both half-life and engagement of serotonin receptors, they appear to have very similar effectiveness in reducing hot flushes. At their best, SSRIs reduce hot flushes by 50-60%, compared with 80% for estrogen, and their effect appears only in the short term. SSRIs have mood-improving effects that appear to be independent of the effect on hot flushes. When used for the treatment of the climacteric syndrome, SSRIs do not adversely affect libido. Dependence is a major concern in women when offered this type of treatment, but does not appear to be a problem with this class of drugs. Withdrawal symptoms have never been reported in trials for hot flushes but are known to occur when SSRIs are used in the long term. In order to avoid these symptoms, the dose should be tapered slowly. Gabapentin, a drug used for the treatment of neuropathic pain and epilepsy, has shown that, in high doses, it has an efficacy similar to that of estrogen; however, this needs further confirmation. © 2007 International Menopause Society. ER  - 
Do Ventilated Neonates Require Pain Management?$$$ Mechanical ventilation is a stressful experience in neonates resulting in changes in neuroendocrine parameters, pain scores, and physiologic responses. Assisted ventilation in neonates is presumed to be associated with chronic repetitive pain, which in turn is associated with adverse long-term sequelae. Reasons to routinely sedate ventilated neonates include improved ventilator synchrony, improved pulmonary function, and decreased neuroendocrine responses, including cortisol, beta-endorphine, and catecholamines. Reasons not to treat include the well-known adverse side effects of pain medication, especially the opiates, including hypotension from morphine, chest wall rigidity from fentanyl, and tolerance, dependence, and withdrawal from both opiates and benzodiazepines. Additionally, adverse effects such as death and IVH are not improved with preemptive treatment. Chronic pain assessment is poorly validated and difficult to assess in this population, and most studies have evaluated only acute pain scores. If patients are treated, opiates are the most common class of drugs, with morphine the most well studied. Fentanyl may be advantageous in hypotensive, younger neonates because it has fewer cardiovascular effects. The benzodiazepines, midazolam and lorazepam, have been used in ventilated neonates, but midazolam has been associated with adverse effects in one small study so concern remains regarding its use. Significant gaps in our knowledge exist, especially in regard to long-term effects of treatment, or lack thereof, and in the assessment of the chronic pain associated with assisted ventilation. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Carisbamate, a new carbamate for the treatment of epilepsy$$$ Carisbamate is a novel drug with neuromodulator activity that is currently under development for the treatment of epilepsy, diabetic neuropathy and neuralgia. The compound possessed a promising pharmacological profile in tests in vivo, and demonstrated broad anticonvulsant activity in preclinical studies, both elevating seizure threshold and preventing seizure spread. Carisbamate was also effective in protecting against spontaneous recurrent seizures in kainate-treated animals and in genetic models of epilepsy, and displayed antiepileptic and neuroprotective activity in the lithium-pilocarpine model of status epilepticus. In a phase I clinical trial, orally administered carisbamate demonstrated efficacy at high doses of 500 to 1000 mg. A phase II clinicaltrial confirmed that oral carisbamate was efficacious at a 300- to 1600-mg dose range. The preliminary evaluations of carisbamate in humans indicated complete absorption, extensive metabolism, and carbamate ester hydrolysis. The most frequently reported side effects associated with carisbamate are dizziness, headache, somnolence and nausea. In clinical trials, carisbamate did not display any significant interactions with commonly used antiepileptic drugs such as carbamazepine, valproate and lamotrigine. At the time of publication, a phase III clinical trial for carisbamate in the treatment of epilepsy was ongoing, as well as phase II trials in neuropathy and neuralgia. Data from preclinical brain injury studies with carisbamate and the analogRWJ-333369-A have also been reported. This drug profile will focus on the development of carisbamate in epilepsy. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Escitalopram therapy for major depression and anxiety disorders$$$ BACKGROUND: Randomized controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that escitalopram is efficacious in a range of mood and anxiety disorders, but the individual trials are insufficiently large to allow a full exploration of its tolerability. OBJECTIVE: To assess the tolerability and safety of escitalopram through analysis of all randomized controlled clinical trials in major depressive disorder and anxiety disorders. METHODS: Analyses of tolerability were based on data from all available randomized, double-blind, controlled studies completed by December 2006 in which escitalopram was compared with placebo or active compounds (citalopram, fluoxetine, paroxetine, sertraline, venlafaxine). Adverse events (AEs) that occurred more frequently with escitalopram than with placebo were listed, and tolerability and safety were evaluated. RESULTS: Nausea was the only AE with an incidence greater than or equal to 10% and 5 percentage points greater than with placebo during short-term treatment. In general, AEs were mild to moderate in severity. AEs related to sexual dysfunction were similarly frequent with escitalopram and citalopram, but were higher with paroxetine. No suicide occurred among escitalopram-treated patients, and there were no significant differences between escitalopram and placebo in incidence of suicidal behavior, measured by self-harm and suicidal thoughts. The 8 week withdrawal rate due to AEs was higher with escitalopram than with placebo (7.3% vs 2.8%; p < 0.001) but lower than with paroxetine (6.6% vs 9.0%; p < 0.01) or venlafaxine (6.1% vs 13.2%; p < 0.01) (Fisher's Exact test, 2 tailed). Compared with paroxetine, escitalopram resulted in significantly fewer discontinuation symptoms (average increase in Discontinuation Emergent Signs and Symptoms Scale of 1.6 vs 3.9; p < 0.01). There were no clinically relevant changes in clinical laboratory values in patients treated with escitalopram. Mean weight change after 6 months of treatment with escitalopram (0.58 ± 2.63 kg) was similar to that with placebo (0.15 ± 2.33 kg). The incidence of cardiovascular events was similar to that with placebo. The risk of AEs was no higher in special patient populations, such as the elderly (≥65 y of age) or those with hepatic dysfunction. CONCLUSIONS: Based on data from randomized controlled trials involving more than 4000 escitalopram-treated patients, escitalopram (10-20 mg/day) is safe and well tolerated in short- and long-term treatment. ER  - 
Clinical evaluation of ganaxolone in pediatric and adolescent patients with refractory epilepsy$$$ Purpose: A pilot study of the safety, tolerability, dose range and potential efficacy of ganaxolone for the treatment of refractory epilepsy in pediatric and adolescent subjects. Methods: We report the results of a nonrandomized, nonblinded, open-label, dose-escalation trial of ganaxolone in pediatric subjects (5-15 years) suffering from refractory epilepsy. Subjects received an oral suspension of ganaxolone in a 1:1 complex with β-cyclodextrin in a dose escalation (1 mg/kg, b.i.d. to 12 mg/kg t.i.d.) schedule over 16 days. This was followed by a maintenance period for 8 weeks. Subjects that showed significant response were eligible for a compassionate use extension period. Results: Fifteen subjects enrolled, eight completed the trial and three continued in the open-label compassionate-use extension period. All subject exhibited refractory partial or generalized epilepsy. In an intent-to-treat analysis, four (25%) were considered substantial responders (≥50% reduction in seizure frequency), two (13%) were considered moderate responders (between 25 and 50% reduction in seizure frequency) and the remainder were considered nonresponders (<24% reduction). Three subjects entered the extension phase, one remained essentially seizure-free for over 3.5 years of ganaxolone administration. Ganaxolone was tolerated well. A total of 17 adverse events were reported in 10 patients, all were considered mild to moderate in severity. Somnolence was the most frequently (nine) reported adverse event. Conclusions: This pilot study is consistent with other clinical studies indicating that ganaxolone has anticonvulsant activity in humans. The results of this study encourage the further study of ganaxolone as an antiepileptic therapy. © 2007 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Disease-modifying therapies$$$ The introduction of disease-modifying therapies has revolutionized the care of patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). Currently six agents have been specifically approved for use in MS. These include three formulations of interferon beta, glatiramer acetate, mitoxantrone, and natalizumab. Evidence supporting their use includes demonstrable impact on relapse rate, MRI measures of lesion activity and accumulation, as well as (in some cases) a favorable impact on disability progression. © 2007 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
Symptomatic management of multiple sclerosis$$$ Symptoms commonly caused by multiple sclerosis include weakness; spasticity; sensory disturbances; tremor; bladder, bowel, and sexual dysfunction; fatigue; affective symptoms; and cognitive impairment. For each of these symptoms, there are pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic treatments that may help to ameliorate symptoms. Such treatments can improve day-to-day function and improve quality of life, making them important adjuncts to disease-modifying therapies. © 2007 American Academy of Neurology. ER  - 
Lamotrigine therapy in elderly patients with epilepsy, bipolar disorder or dementia$$$ Introduction: In spite of circumstances that precipitate high use of anticonvulsants in geriatric populations, there is a paucity of data on the use of antiepileptic drugs in elderly patients with psychiatric and neurological disorders. Methods: Reports of lamotrigine therapy in elderly patients with epilepsy, bipolar disorder (BD), or dementia were identified by conducting an electronic search of major publication databases. Abstracts and presentations from professional meetings were searched as were the bibliographies of relevant articles. Results: Fourteen reports were identified, and included well-controlled prospective trials, retrospective analyses, and case reports of lamotrigine treatment. Controlled trials in elderly patients with epilepsy demonstrate efficacy and tolerability comparable to gabapentin. Improvement in bipolar depressive symptoms, improvement in core manic symptoms, and delay in mood relapse was reported in geriatric patients with BD. Preliminary case studies in patients with dementia note improvement in cognition and symptoms of agitation and depression. Conclusion: Review of the available literature suggests lamotrigine is effective and well tolerated in elderly patients with epilepsy and relatively well-tolerated and may be effective in delaying mood relapse, particularly in the depressive pole, in patients with BD. While very limited literature suggests that lamotrigine may be effective and relatively well-tolerated in patients with dementia, further studies are needed. Copyright © 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Viral encephalitis: A clinician's guide$$$ The management of patients with suspected viral encephalitis has been revolutionised in recent years with improved imaging and viral diagnostics, better antiviral and immunomodulatory therapies, and enhanced neuro-intensive care. Despite this, disasters in patient management are sadly not uncommon. While some patients are attacked with all known antimicrobials with little thought to investigation of the cause of their illness, for others there are prolonged and inappropriate delays before treatment is started. Although viral encephalitis is relatively rare, patients with suspected central nervous system (CNS) infections, who might have viral encephalitis, are not. In addition, the increasing number of immunocompromised patients who may have viral CNS infections, plus the spread of encephalitis caused by arthropod-borne viruses, present new challenges to clinicians. This article discusses the Liverpool approach to the investigation and treatment of adults with suspected viral encephalitis, and introduces the Liverpool algorithm for investigation and treatment of immunocompetent adults with suspected viral encephalitis (available at www.liv.ac.uk/braininfections). ER  - 
New developments in therapeutic agents for Legionnaires' disease$$$ Legionella spp have been identified in many series as responsible for a variable percentage of community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) and for some outbreaks of hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP). In many geographic areas Legionella ranks second to pneumococcus on the list of causes of severe CAP (SCAP). Therapeutic approach remains an important goal since the case-fatality rate is 5% to 30%, with elderly and immunocompromised patients at greatest risk of death. Clinicians should be aware of either dual or mixed infections and extrapulmonary localizations of Legionella since mortality may increase if these features continue unrecognized. Optimal therapy against Legionella infection is based on agents with high intrinsic activity, an appropriate pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profile, including the ability to penetrate phagocytic cells, results of clinical studies, a low incidence of adverse reactions and an advantageous cost-efficacy relationship. Macrolides and fluoroquinolones are the first-line therapy. Azithromycin and clarithromycin present a better pharmacokinetic profile than erythromycin. The more recent fluoroquinolones, such as gemifloxacin or moxifloxacin generally show a better intrinsic activity than the older ones but the clinical relevance of that data is unclear since, most patients with Legionnaires' disease show a positive outcome when an early administration of any effective anti-Legionella agent is indicated. Doxycycline also demonstrates a good intrinsic activity against Legionella. Recently marketed or under investigation anti-Legionella agents are ketolides (telithromycin or cethromycin), new fluorquinolones (garenoxacin, olamufloxacin, ABT-492, DW 286a), glycyclynes (tygecycline) and everninomycins (ziracin). Although these new therapeutic agents might be effective in treating pneumonia caused by Legionella, clinical experience of them is still quite limited. Combined therapy of rifampicin with macrolides or quinolones is still a controversial issue. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric complications after liver transplantation: Retrospective analysis of three cases and literature review$$$ It was reported that three cases of neuropsychiatric complications after liver transplantation were enrolled from Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, Weifang People's Hospital from March 2001 to August 2004. Two cases of delirium kind of mental disorder, and one patient had epilepsy and limb movement disorder. All subjects were mainly given immunosuppressant drug therapy, a timely correction of fluid and electrolyte imbalance and symptomatic treatment. Postoperative, prognosis of patients as well as the diagnosis and treatment of patients were retrospectively observed. Case one, male aged 54 years of hepatitis B liver cirrhosis and large, with a history of hypertension for 15 years and diabetes for 10 years. On September 25th 2001 the patient received piggyback liver transplantation. During and after transplantation the patient received a strong impact on the treatment with the Dragon 1 000 mg. After 28 days, the patient died of hyperbilirubinemia, hyperkalemia, liver and kidney failure clinically. Case two, male aged 47 years of hepatitis B, cirrhosis and huge hepatocellular carcinoma, chronic calculous cholecystitis, with a history of hypertension for 5 years and diabetes for 2 years. On December 26th, 2001 the patient was treated with piggyback liver transplantation. At day 44 the patient had obvious cough with yellow-green phlegm, sputum culture was Aspergillus spp (50%) and diflucan for the treatment. Till day 53, drowsiness and depressed spirit appeared; at day 54, the patient was disoriented, and at day 55 hemiparesis occurred at right side, gradually coma, by brain CT scan it confirmed to be intracerebral hemorrhage, and died. Case three, male aged 59 years of hepatitis B, cirrhosis of liver atrophy with right hepatic small hepatocellular carcinoma. On August 20th, 2004 the patient was given classic modified line-situ liver transplant surgery without venovenous bypass. Four days after sudden aphasia, gradually motor dysfunction, swallowing dysfunction, restlessness and epilepsy appeared. After Phenytoin Sodium, chloral hydrate enema and luminal sodium treatment, focal epilepsy and irritable symptoms were effectively controlled, but aphasia and left hemiparesis still occurred. After five months, the patient died of cerebral hemorrhage. Incidence rate of neuropsychiatric complications are high after liver transplantation. Besides, brain hemorrhage is a serious complication and has a high mortality rate. It is important and positive of reducing bleeding, maintaining hemodynamics and environmental stability to avoid the large blood transfusion and infusion for the prevention of serious complications. ER  - 
Diagnosis and treatment of agoraphobia with panic disorder$$$ Agoraphobia with panic disorder is a phobic-anxious syndrome where patients avoid situations or places in which they fear being embarrassed, or being unable to escape or get help if a panic attack occurs. During the last half-century, agoraphobia has been thought of as being closely linked to the recurring panic attack syndrome, so much so that in most cases it appears to be the typical development or complication of panic disorder. Despite the high prevalence of agoraphobia with panic disorder in patients in primary-care settings, the condition is frequently under-recognised and under-treated by medical providers. Antidepressants have been demonstrated to be effective in preventing panic attacks, and in improving anticipatory anxiety and avoidance behaviour. These drugs are also effective in the treatment of the frequently coexisting depressive symptomatology. Among antidepressant agents, SSRIs are generally well tolerated and effective for both anxious and depressive symptomatology, and these compounds should be considered the first choice for short-, medium- and long-term pharmacological treatment of agoraphobia with panic disorder. The few comparative studies conducted to date with various SSRIs reported no significant differences in terms of efficacy; however, the SSRIs that are less liable to produce withdrawal symptoms after abrupt discontinuation should be considered the treatments of first choice for long-term prophylaxis. Venlafaxine is not sufficiently studied in the long-term treatment of panic disorder, while TCAs may be considered as a second choice of treatment when patients do not seem to respond to or tolerate SSRIs. High-potency benzodiazepines have been shown to display a rapid onset of anti-anxiety effect, having beneficial effects during the first few days of treatment, and are therefore useful options for short-term treatment; however, these drugs are not first-choice medications in the medium and long term because of the frequent development of tolerance and dependence phenomena. Cognitive-behavioural therapy is the best studied nonpharmacological approach and can be applied to many patients, depending on its availability. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Atypical antipsychotics in children with pervasive developmental disorders$$$ The treatment of pervasive developmental disorders (PDDs) is a challenging task, which should include behavioral therapy modifications as well as pharmacologic therapy. There has been a lack of data on using medications in children with PDDs until recent years. Within the last 10 years, an increase in clinical research has attempted to provide efficacy and safety data to support the use of medications in children with PDDs. Double-blinded and open-label research of atypical antipsychotics has been of particular focus. Evidence shows that atypical antipsychotics (AAs) may be useful in treating certain symptoms associated with PDDs, such as aggression, irritability, and self-injurious behavior. This article reviews the literature regarding the use of AAs in children with PDDs. Of the AAs, risperidone has the largest amount of evidence with five published double-blinded, placebo-controlled trials and nine open-label trials. These risperidone trials have consistently shown improvements in aggression, irritability, self-injurious behavior, temper tantrums, and quickly changing moods associated with autistic disorder and other PDDs. Data for the other AAs are limited, but ziprasidone and aripiprazole appear to be promising treatment options. Based on clinical trials, olanzapine and quetiapine have shown minimal clinical benefit and a high incidence of weight gain and sedation. It should be noted that all AAs do have a risk of metabolic syndrome, and patients should be monitored appropriately while receiving these medications. Overall, AAs can be beneficial in alleviating behavioral symptoms, and should be considered an appropriate therapeutic option, as part of a comprehensive treatment strategy, for children with PDD. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
50 Years experience with Dupuytren's contracture in the Erlangen University Hospital - A retrospective analysis of 2919 operated hands from 1956 to 2006$$$ Background. Dupuytren's disease (DD) is a hand disorder mainly among the northern population. In contrast it is rare in the mediterranean population. Therefore typical habits and dietetic influences have been discussed as well as genetic predisposition. Still, since the first description by Dupuytren in 1834 only little is known about the etiology and pathogenesis of this disease. Some hints were found for a higher prevalence among people with diabetes, alcohol abuse or smoking. Also, intensive manual work or hand injuries have been discussed to have an influence on DD. To our knowledge this is the largest retrospectively evaluated series of symptomatic patients published to date. The study includes patients from the last 50 years. It was performed to show possible correlations between DD and typical risk factors such as diabetes, alcohol consumption, and smoking. Methods. We retrospectively analysed all patient records with DD documented between 1956 and 2006 in the Surgical University Hospital in Erlangen. Data acquisition was conducted by reviewing the medical records from 1956 to 2006 including data from all patients who were surgically treated because of DD. Results. We reviewed 2579 male and 340 female surgically treated patients with DD. More than 80% of the patients were between 40 and 70 years old. In 28.9% only the right hand was effected by DD, in 25.3% only the left hand and in 45.8% both hands. In 10.3% of all Patients suffered from Diabetes mellitus. Statistical analysis revealed no significant correlation between diabetes, alcoholism or smoking on the degree of DD in our patients. Conclusion. Most data are consistent with previously published results from smaller, comparable retrospective studies with regard to right- or left handedness. We could not confirm a statistically significant correlation of DD with diabetes mellitus, severe alcohol consumption, heavy smoking or epilepsy and the stage of the disease as described in other studies. However, in the whole cohort of our operated patients during the last 50 years the prevalence of the above mentioned risk factors is slightly higher than in the normal population. © 2007 Loos et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Fatigue in multiple sclerosis: A short clinical update$$$ Background: To study the dimensions of fatigue in multiplesclerosis, its pathophysiology, the efficacy, tolerability and safety of drug and non-drug treatments and measurement of fatigue. Methods: Relevant articles from PubMed and Google scholar search engines from January 1987 until September 2006 were studied to compose a short clinical update (not a systematic review) and make the required clinical information available for the clinicians. Results: There is evidence that fatigue is very common in all types and stages of multiple sclerosis, but its pathophysiology is not well explained. Consequently, few drug options have been offered for its treatment. Amantadine is the best-known drug, though its efficacy and duration of action are limited. Pernoline and modafinil. are alternatives and have some effects on fatigue. DAP (diaminopyridine), ASA (acetylsalicylic acid), methylphenidate and fluoxetine are other possible options but await finther confirmation. Neurorehabilitation, regular exercise and cooling are confirmed to be of value in MS treatment. Measurement of fatigue is a complicated issue. At present fatigue does not have a laboratory marker. Conclusions: The results of this short clinical update provide guidelines for diagnosing MS-related fatigue and differentiating it from other similar physical d sychological conditions. It also examines prescription drug options and other therapies for MS patients with fatigue. ER  - 
Clinical potential of neuropeptide Y receptor ligands in the treatment of epilepsy$$$ A substantial amount of experimental evidence implicates neuropeptide Y (NPY) in the pathophysiology of epilepsy. Over the past 20 years, remarkable progress has been made in unraveling the mechanisms and receptors involved in the anticonvulsant effect of this abundantly expressed neuropeptide. Activation of Y2 and/or Y5 receptors and blockade of Y1 receptors in the central nervous system suppresses seizures in a variety of animal seizure models. Orally available, brain penetrating Y2 and/or Y5 agonists, and possibly Y1 antagonists, may therefore constitute a novel class of antiepileptic drugs, which could greatly benefit patients with medically refractory epilepsy. Significant progress has been made in identifying non-peptidergic Y1 antagonists that fulfill these criteria, but suitable Y2 and/or Y5 agonists have proven to be more elusive. Innovative oral and parental drug delivery strategies which are currently under development may offer a means of using the more readily available peptidergic NPY receptor ligands in a clinical setting. Finally, gene therapy, antisense probes or RNA interference strategies which alter the expression of NPY or its receptors in specific brain regions may also be of use in the treatment of epilepsy, but will probably benefit a smaller subgroup of epilepsy patients, since they typically require an invasive procedure. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Lorcaserin hydrochloride 5-HT2C receptor agonist antiobesity drug$$$ Obesity affects millions of people worldwide and the socio-economic cost of the condition is substantial. Despite lifestyle changes, pharmacotherapy is needed for the treatment of obesity. Lorcaserin is a highly selective 5-HT 2C receptor agonist developed for the treatment of obesity. In rats, lorcaserin led to dose-dependent weight loss. Lorcaserin proved safe and well tolerated in healthy volunteers and obese patients. In a phase II clinical study, patients administered 20 mg/day lorcaserin achieved an average weight loss of 3.6 kg (7.9 lbs), which was significantly greater than the average weight loss of 0.3 kg (0.7 lbs) in the placebo group. A phase III clinical trial is ongoing to evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy of lorcaserin in patients with obesity. Copyright © 2007 Prous Science. ER  - 
Prospective case-control study of interictal depression and suicidal ideation in Nigerians with epilepsy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Co-morbid depression and suicidal ideation in people with epilepsy (PWE) in developing countries are under-recognised, and so may be consequently undertreated. This study was designed to determine the frequency and clinical correlates of interictal depression and suicidal ideation in PWE. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Using a prospective design, we evaluated 96 PWE and two groups of controls (103 age- and sex-matched population controls and 13 persons with DSM - IV diagnosis of major depression (controls with depression - CWD) without epilepsy. Depression was assessed using Zung Self-rating depression scale (scores =40 indicating depression). RESULTS: Depression was more prevalent in PWE (25/96 i.e. 26.0%) than normal controls (10/103 i.e. 9.7%) (P = 0.004). Suicidal ideation scores were similar for depressed PWE and depressed normal controls (1.7 +/-1.0 v. 1.5 +/- 1.0; P>0.05), but significantly higher in CWD (2.61.3; P=0.04). Among PWE, mean duration of epilepsy (years) was the only variable significantly related to depression (i.e. 12.7 8.8 in depressed PWE v. 8.3 6.6 in non-depressed PWE (P=0.01). CONCLUSION: Depressive symptomatology is a frequent co-morbidity in our tertiary care population of PWE. However, suicidal ideation is less common in contrast to persons with major depression. ER  - 
Off-label use of antipsychotics: Are we mad?$$$ The off-label prescribing of antipsychotic drugs to psychiatric patients of all ages is very common. Such off-label use is a necessary part of the art of psychiatry but brings with it increased responsibilities for the prescriber as, if the patient suffered an adverse reaction, liability would rest with the prescriber and/or their employers. This article reviews the frequency and nature of the off-label prescribing of antipsychotic drugs for psychiatric indications to children, adults and the elderly. It also reviews the evidence base for doing so in a variety of common, and also some less common, clinical situations. The review is mainly concerned with off-label indications but a short section on high dose antipsychotics is also included. The review concludes that the off-label prescription of antipsychotics frequently lacks the support of robust clinical trials. When prescribing off-label, the prescriber must carry out a careful risk assessment of the risks and benefits for the individual patient. They should also inform the patient that the prescription is off-label. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Early-onset schizophrenia. Pharmacological treatment$$$ Objective: Schizophrenia is a post-puberal mental disorder. Early-onset schizophrenia (EOS) is one of the most interesting critical issues of the entire schizophrenia and psychotic field. Several points regarding EOS have been questioned, namely, pathogenesis, diagnosis and therapeutic treatment of schizophrenia in childhood and adolescence. In this extensive review, the pharmacotherapeutic management of EOS is examined. The most relevant pharmacotherapeutic approaches are evaluated, and the possible side-effects of the prescribed psychopharmacological drugs are considered. Aim of the investigation was to provide a descriptive and systematic review of treatment studies of conventional neuroleptics and atypical anti-psychotics in children and adolescents with schizophrenia. Methods: A systematic review of the scientific literature was performed using Medline and EMBASE databases to identify clinical trials of conventional and atypical neuroleptics in children and adolescents with EOS between 1995 and April 2007. Trials were limited to single and double-blind studies and open label studies with > 20 patients and > 8 weeks duration. Results: Although the conventional anti-psychotics have proved effective in children and adolescents, their use is limited by safety concerns, such as extra-pyramidal symptoms, found to be higher in the paediatric population than in adults. Compared with conventional neuroleptics, atypical anti-psychotics show similar efficacy and carry lower risk of extra-pyramidal symptoms (EPS) in young people. Among the atypical neuroleptics, the propensity for producing EPS is greater with risperidone than with olanzapine and quetiapine. Sedation is a common side-effect observed with risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, and ziprasidone. Adverse events, such as weight gain, may occur with atypical anti-psychotics and can be distressing and even compromise adherence to treatment. Weight gain is a common effect of olanzapine, risperidone and quetiapine. All conventional and some atypical neuroleptics (e.g. risperidone, olanzapine) increase serum prolactin levels. Adverse cardiac effects are more evident with low-potency anti-psychotics, clozapine and ziprasidone. Clozapine is associated with a higher risk of seizures and haematological side-effects. Typical and conventional neuroleptics can produce hyperglycaemla and hyperlipidaemia. The use of clozapine and olanzapine is associated with a higher risk of diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: A small, but emerging, amount of evidence in the literature supports the use of the atypical neuroleptics in children and adolescents with schizophrenia. At present, the available data, suggest that the individual agents are not interchangeable. Each compound has a unique pharmacological profile with potential therapeutic benefits and adverse events. There is growing evidence of the favourable risk/benefit profile of olanzapine, risperidone and quetiapine in short- and long-term studies. Side-effects such as weight gain, endocrine adverse, and metabolic effects are elucidated in clinical studies. However, more controlled studies are needed to determine optimal dosing regimens, comparative long-term efficacy and safety, and the risk/benefit ratio of the atypical neuroleptics during pre-puberal and pubertal development. Moreover, properly designed studies should systematically assess the risk of rare adverse effects. ER  - 
Development of new antiepileptic drugs: challenges, incentives, and recent advances$$$ Despite the introduction of many second-generation antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in the past 15 years, a third of patients with epilepsy remain refractory to available treatments, and newer and more effective therapies are needed. Although our understanding of the mechanisms of drug resistance is fragmented, novel AED targets have been identified, and models of refractory epilepsy have been developed that can help to select candidate compounds for development. There are more than 20 compounds with potential antiepileptic activity in various stages of clinical development, and for many of these promising clinical trial results are already available. Several incentives justify further investment into the discovery of newer and more effective AEDs. Moreover, developments in clinical trial methodology enable easier completion of proof-of-concept studies, earlier definition of the therapeutic potential of candidate compounds, and more efficient completion of trials for various epilepsy indications. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Women with epilepsy: Hormonal issues from menarche through menopause$$$ Epilepsy is a multilayered disorder complicated by numerous comorbid conditions and hormonal changes. More than 1.5 million girls and women with epilepsy face side effects that are compounded at different ages by menstruation, fertility, pregnancy, fetal health, bone health, and other health issues. Changes in hormonal balance during maturation, from menarche through menopause, affect seizure thresholds and antiepileptic drugs, and vice versa. This overview provides physicians with a background on the multiple issues relevant to women of all ages in the reproductive years, including those planning to conceive and those who are pregnant, and beyond the childbearing years. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Intrathecal baclofen therapy and the treatment of spasticity$$$ This monograph discusses the current treatment of spasticity via intrathecal baclofen (ITB) therapy. It describes the pathophysiology and the primary anatomic substrate of spasticity, and the current modern surgical and pharmacologic treatment options. Baclofen pumps are discussed in detail, including their implantation procedure, and basic modes of operation and design. Complications of ITB treatment are examined including infection, pump failure, and baclofen overdosing and withdrawal issues. Results from a recent cost-analysis study of ITB therapy are included, and promising future trends in the treatment of spasticity. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation performed with limited intraoperative mapping for treatment of Parkinson's disease$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to establish the safety and efficacy of bilateral subthalamic nucleus (STN) deep brain stimulation (DBS) in Parkinson's disease (PD) patients with disabling motor fluctuations performed with an expedient procedure with limited intraoperative mapping. METHODS: Bilateral STN DBS systems were implanted in 110 PD patients. Targeting of STN was achieved with T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging guidance and a stereotactic navigation system confirmed by limited electrophysiological mapping. The safety of the procedure was analyzed in all 110 patients. The efficacy of the procedure was assessed in the practically-defined off medication state in the 72 patients who underwent evaluations 3 to 12 months after electrode implantation. RESULTS: Adverse effects were infrequent and transient with no incidence of death, hemiparesis, or seizure. In the 72 patients, STN DBS reduced total Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale motor scores at the time of the follow-up evaluation by 47% from 43.4 ± 16.1 with stimulators off to 22.8 ± 11.6 with stimulators on (P < 0.001). The changes in Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale motor subscores improved as follows: rest tremor, 74% (P < 0.001); rigidity, 58% (P < 0.001); bradykinesia, 37% (P < 0.001); pull test, 35% (P < 0.001); gait, 44% (P < 0.001); axial signs, 42% (P < 0.001); and speech, 13% (P = 0.002). The prescribed total daily levodopa-equivalent dose decreased 45 ± 32%. We averaged 1.3 ± 0.9 electrodes passes per lead implantation. The mean operating time from the mounting of the stereotactic frame to its removal was 5 hours 42 minutes (median, 5 h 25 min; standard deviation, 1 h 12 min). CONCLUSION: This STN DBS surgical technique for PD is expedient with effective outcomes and low complication rates. Copyright © by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons. ER  - 
The pharmaceutical potential of histone deacetylase inhibitors$$$ Protein acetylation, catalyzed by the opposing activities of histone deacetylases (HDAC) and histone acetyltransferases, is now recognized to be an important epigenetic modulator of gene transcriptional activity and cell function. As a result of the intense search for HDAC inhibitors (HDACi) during the past fifteen years, a large number of structurally divergent classes with variable potencies and isoenzyme selectivities have been identified. They occupy an important and promising position in a number of therapeutic areas. Several HDACi are under clinical evaluation as tumor cell-selective chemotherapeutics, and show great promise for the treatment of inflammatory disorders, neurodegenerative diseases, protozoal and latent viral infections, and (fibro)proliferative disorders. Recently, it was discovered that they might be used as enhancers of differentiation in stem cell therapy, and as medium supplements that stabilize the phenotype of primary cells in culture. Next to biological activity, the pharmaceutical potential of a compound is also dependent on the adequate translation of in vitro potency into in vivo efficacy whilst maintaining an acceptable safety profile. Therefore, this review will not only address the formerly mentioned applications, but will also deal with the pharmacokinetic and toxicological properties of currently available HDACi. Several compounds exert potent activities in vitro, but have been shown to be of limited therapeutic value due to rapid biotransformation, and thus poor in vivo bioavailability. The first attempts to improve the metabolic properties of HDACi have been made and will be discussed. In contrast to conventional chemotherapeutics, HDACi exert no drastic side effects at therapeutically effective doses. Although a bulk effect on histone acetylation is observed, HDACi display a remarkable tumor cell-selective toxicity. The mechanisms underlying these cell type-dependent differences in sensitivity to HDACi-mediated effects, however, remain largely elusive. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Zonisamide for the treatment of Parkinson's disease$$$ Zonisamide is an antiepileptic drug widely used to treat seizures worldwide. In additrion to epilepsy, zonisamide may have beneficial efficacy in various neurological or psychiatric diseases. This article reviews the structure, mechanism of action, pharmacokinetics and possible antiparkinsonian action of zonisamide. A multicentered, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study conducted in Japan provided data suggesting that zonisamide, as an add-on treatment, has efficacy in treating motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). Zonisamide may be effective in reducing the duration of 'off' time in patients with PD treated with L-DOPA. The therapeutic doses of zonisamide for the treatment of PD are 50-100 mg/day, considerably lower than those for the treatment of epilepsy (200-400 mg/day). It is expected that zonisamide will be safe and tolerated in patients with PD, as it has been used as an antiepileptic for more than 15 years; however, further studies are required to evaluate its safety and tolerability in the treatment of PD. The pharmacological mechanisms of the beneficial actions of zonisamide in PD remain unclear. Various hypotheses have been proposed, but the supporting data are not yet sufficient to draw any conclusions. Further basic research is required to advance our understanding of the antiparkinsonian mechanism of zonisamide. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Deep brain stimulation: Indications and evidence$$$ Deep brain stimulation is a minimally invasive targeted neurosurgical intervention that enables structures deep in the brain to be stimulated electrically by an implanted pacemaker. It has become the treatment of choice for Parkinson's disease, refractory to, or complicated by, drug therapy. Its efficacy has been demonstrated robustly by randomized, controlled clinical trials, with multiple novel brain targets having been discovered in the last 20 years. Multifarious clinical indications for deep brain stimulation now exist, including dystonia an tremor in movement disorders; depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder and Tourette's syndrome in psychiatry; epilepsy, cluster headache and chronic pain, including pain from stroke, amputation, trigeminal neuralgia and multiple sclerosis. Current research augurs for novel indications, including hypertension and orthostatic hypotension. The development, principles, indications and effectiveness of the technique are reviewed here. While deep brain stimulation is a standard and widely accepted treatment for Parkinson's disease after 20 years of experience, in chronic pain it remains restricted to a handful of experienced, specialist centers willing to publish outcomes despite its use for over 50 years. Reasons are reviewed and novel approaches to appraising clinical evidence in functional neurosurgery are suggested. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Old and new antiepileptic drugs for the treatment of idiopathic generalized epilepsies$$$ Generalized epilepsies are a large group of epilepsies with different clinical aspects and prognosis. Many antiepileptic drugs are available for the treatment of these seizures. This paper reviews the evidence relating to the treatment of this group of epilepsies. Historically, the great majority of patients have been treated with "old" anticonvulsant drugs. Over recent years, there has been a marked improvement in the pharmacological armamentarium of physicians. Today, "new" antiepileptic drugs, such as lamotrigine, levetiracetam, topiramate and zonisamide are useful tools in the treatment of pharmacoresistant epilepsies. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
The evaluation and management of patients with first-episode schizophrenia: A selective, clinical review of diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis$$$ Patients who present with a first episode of psychosis pose many challenges to psychiatry. While some morbidity from schizophrenia is probably not modifiable once acute psychosis has occurred, the best management of this stage of illness nevertheless holds the promise of improving long-term outcomes. We review the clinical literature on first-episode psychosis to derive clinical guidance with regard to timely diagnosis and optimal pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatment. We describe the illness course and the prognosis for this acute phase of illness and the immediate, postpsychotic period. © 2007 President and Fellows of Harvard College. ER  - 
Scientific misconduct, the pharmaceutical industry, and the tragedy of institutions$$$ This paper examines how current legislative and regulatory models do not adequately govern the pharmaceutical industry towards ethical scientific conduct. In the context of a highly profit-driven industry, governments need to ensure ethical and legal standards are not only in place for companies but that they are enforceable. We demonstrate with examples from both industrialized and developing countries how without sufficient controls, there is a risk that corporate behaviour will transgress ethical boundaries. We submit that there is a critical need for urgent drug regulatory reform. There must be robust regulatory structures in place which enforce corporate governance mechanisms to ensure that pharmaceutical companies maintain ethical standards in drug research and development and the marketing of pharmaceuticals. What is also needed is for the pharmaceutical industry to adopt authentic "corporate social responsibility" policies as current policies and practices are insufficient. © YOZMOT 2007. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of antidepressants: Weighing the impact on treatment decisions$$$ Major depressive disorders affect an estimated 23 million U.S. adults per year. While antidepressants are effective in improving the symptoms of depression, side effects are an undesirable outcome of treatment and can have an impact on patient adherence to treatment. Compared with older drugs, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, and other antidepressants have more benign side effect profiles. Research continues to elucidate new agents that may combine efficacy with a minimum of side effects, as well as new methods of predicting individual response to particular antidepressants. ER  - 
Revisiting monoamine oxidase inhibitors$$$ Monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) were among the first class of agents introduced for the treatment of depression. However, they have fallen out of favor among clinicians over the years, due mostly to an unfavorable safety profile, the need for restrictive dietary prohibitions, and the fear of hypertensive crisis. The development of a novel, transdermal MAOI system now offers clinicians an additional option for managing patients with unipolar, bipolar, atypical, and treatment-resistant depression. ER  - 
Translating the psychopharmacology of antipsychotics to individualized treatment for severe mental illness: A Roadmap$$$ Objectives. The goal of the Roadmap is to provide guidance on how to use currently available antipsychotics to achieve best outcomes for patients with serious mental illness. The Roadmap orientation is that clinicians often make treatment decisions based on their underlying model of the illness. The Roadmap therefore begins with a review of two theoretical models often used by clinicians who treat patients with severe mental illness (Section II). The "maintenance model" emphasizes achieving clinical stability; once the patient is stable, this model gives priority to relapse prevention and maintenance of stability. The "recovery model" also aims for achieving stability, but it places more emphasis on achieving further gains in physical and emotional health once stability is achieved. While a simplification, these models are based on different assumptions about the course and outcome of schizophrenia and the potential risks and benefits of different pharmacologic treatment options. These treatment models serve as the framework for the Roadmap recommendations, which are based on the clinical and psychopharmacologic research literature as well as expert consensus on questions not definitively answered in that literature. Methods. On the basis of results of an initial survey and a roundtable meeting, a panel of 10 experts developed a list of psychopharmacologic topics not adequately addressed by the evidence-based literature, but which clinicians who use antipsychotic medications need to understand. These questions were posed in a survey to a larger panel of 32 experts, 27 (84%) of whom responded. Results of this survey and data from the literature were then used to develop recommendations for applying psychopharmacologic principles to individualize treatment for patients with severe mental illness. Results. Recommendations are presented to help clinicians make informed decisions about choice of medication, dosing, and switching strategies, based on the pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties of different antipsychotics (Section III); diagnosis, prominent symptoms, and treatment history (Section IV); the patient's age, gender, and psychosocial characteristics (Section V); and the patient's medical conditions whether related to antipsychotic treatment or not (Section VI). The final section illustrates how to apply the principles presented in the first six sections in real-world clinical situations. Conclusions. The experts reached a high level of consensus on many key questions about treatment strategies. The Roadmap recommendations provide guidance for clinicians on how to fine-tune their psychopharmacologic strategies with antipsychotics to achieve the best outcomes for each individual patient. Copyright © 2007 by Comprehensive NeuroScience, Inc., all rights reserved. ER  - 
Negative effects of antiepileptic drugs on mood in patients with epilepsy$$$ With the introduction of several new antiepileptic drugs into clinical practice, renewed attention has been focussed on treatment-emergent adverse effects, including mood disorders. There are several possible causes of psychiatric disorders in patients with epilepsy, including antiepileptic drugs, and it is often difficult to determine whether psychopathological manifestations, especially depressive symptoms, are due to drug therapy or to multiple other factors. Assessment of the negative effects of antiepileptic drugs on mood should always consider all potential factors. Case series, audits and open observational studies can identify psychopathological features, case-control studies are useful for identifying the endophenotypes of patients at risk of adverse effects on mood, and controlled clinical trials give good estimates of incidence of such effects, adjusted for the spontaneous occurrence of symptoms. The barbiturates, vigabatrin and topiramate show greater associations with the occurrence of depressive symptoms than other antiepileptic drugs, presenting in up to 10% of all patients, but even more so in susceptible patients. Data on zonisamide are scarce but it seems that mood disorders may occur in approximately 7% of patients who are receiving high dosages of this drug. In most cases, the use of monotherapy, with slow titration schedules, can significantly reduce the incidence of mood disorders. Tiagabine, levetiracetam and felbamate present an intermediate risk, with prevalence of depression of about 4% or lower. Phenytoin, ethosuximide, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, gabapentin, sodium valproate, pregabalin and lamotrigine are all associated with low risks for depression (<1%), and several of these antiepileptic drugs seem to have a positive effect on mood. Antiepileptic drugs can negatively affect mood and behaviour by different mechanisms: potentiation of GABA neurotransmission, folate deficiency, pharmacodynamic interactions with other antiepileptic drugs in polytherapy regimens, forced normalisation. Individuals with a personal or family history of depression should be carefully followed after initiation of therapy with a new antiepileptic drug, especially if structural brain abnormalities such as hippocampal sclerosis are present. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychiatric manifestations of neurologic disease: Where are we headed?$$$ Neuropsychiatry represents a field of medicine situated at the crossroads of neurology and psychiatry, and deals with the interface of behavioral phenomena driven by brain dysfunction. Psychiatric symptoms are highly prevalent in these conditions, are a major source of disability and diminished quality of life, and potentially represent the target of treatment interventions that stand to significantly decrease the suffering they generate. In this article, the disease paradigm is explained, with particular attention to its role as an organizing principle for the field. Specific diseases including traumatic brain injury, stroke, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, multiple sclerosis, and epilepsy are explored in relation to the presentation of multiple psychiatric phenotypes in each, associations with underlying brain pathology, and existing treatment approaches. Finally, the article explores the inherent complexities in this area of research and proposes a framework for future work based on the understanding of phenomenology and associated risk factors, the involvement of the rapidly advancing field of neuroscience, and targeted treatment development to serve as a road map for advancement in the field.. © 2007, LLS SAS. ER  - 
Personality disorders$$$ The classification of personality disorders according to DSM-IV-TR is based on 10 specific disorders that are grouped into 3 clusters based on their descriptive similarities. However, individuals frequently present with co-existing personality disorders from different clusters and other psychiatric disorders, including depression. These co-morbidities make the conduct of clinical studies very challenging, particularly in the selection of adequate and evaluable patient populations. The only personality disorder which has been widely studied in the context of pharmacological intervention is borderline personality disorder (BPD). Drugs from the following classes -antidepressants, atypical antipsychotics and antiepileptics- have been evaluated in the treatment of BPD. A number of randomized, controlled studies have been conducted. These have generally been small studies, with the exception of two large multicenter studies with the atypical antipsychotic olanzapine. There is evidence to support the use of drugs within all these classes, although many different rating scales have been used in the clinical studies, making interpretation difficult. It is likely that an individual patient's treatment is most often based on physician preference rather than evidence from controlled studies. Copyright © 2007 Prous Science. ER  - 
Can zinc be an adjuvant therapy for juvenile onset recurrent respiratory papillomatosis?$$$ Objectives: To report a severe case of juvenile onset recurrent respiratory papillomatosis (JORRP) controlled by zinc replacement therapy. To review the contemporary adjuvant therapies used in JORRP. Methods: The trial of zinc was described in terms of its effect on the inter-surgical interval, site score and clinical symptoms. Long-term follow-up with dose adjustment was detailed. Articles reporting trials of adjuvant therapies over the past 20 years were reviewed in terms of regimen used, mode of assessment, side effects and final outcome. Results: Zinc was effective in decreasing the severity of the disease, the rate of relapse and the need for surgery. There was an obvious relation between the dose used and the degree of improvement. Prolonged treatment seems to be needed to sustain the positive effect. No side effects were noticed over a 45-month follow-up period. The literature does support the role of zinc in modulating the immune system. Eight adjuvant therapies were reviewed as published in 40 reports. Interferon was the most used substance. It is definitely effective but often associated with relapse upon discontinuation. The effect of cidofovir was favorable yet not dramatic as initially expected. Other less commonly used therapies showed humble effects. The HspE7 vaccine seems to be promising awaiting further trials. Conclusions: Zinc replacement therapy may benefit JORRP patients with zinc deficiency and should be investigated in more cases. Several adjuvant therapies are available for use in JORRP. They are generally beneficial though mostly not curative. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Serial vagus nerve stimulation functional MRI in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) therapy has shown antidepressant effects in open acute and long-term studies of treatment-resistant major depression. Mechanisms of action are not fully understood, although clinical data suggest slower onset therapeutic benefit than conventional psychotropic interventions. We set out to map brain systems activated by VNS and to identify serial brain functional correlates of antidepressant treatment and symptomatic response. Nine adults, satisfying DSM-IV criteria for unipolar or bipolar disorder, severe depressed type, were implanted with adjunctive VNS therapy (MRI-compatible technique) and enrolled in a 3-month, double-blind, placebo-controlled, serial-interleaved VNS/functional MRI (fMRI) study and open 20-month follow-up. A multiple regression mixed model with blood oxygenation level dependent (BOLD) signal as the dependent variable revealed that over time, VNS therapy was associated with ventro-medial prefrontal cortex deactivation. Controlling for other variables, acute VNS produced greater right insula activation among the participants with a greater degree of depression. These results suggest that similar to other antidepressant treatments, BOLD deactivation in the ventro-medial prefrontal cortex correlates with the antidepressant response to VNS therapy. The increased acute VNS insula effects among actively depressed participants may also account for the lower dosing observed in VNS clinical trials of depression compared with epilepsy. Future interleaved VNS/fMRI studies to confirm these findings and further clarify the regional neurobiological effects of VNS. © 2007 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Interactions between seizure frequency, psychopathology, and severity of intellectual disability in a population with epilepsy and a learning disability$$$ Despite observations associating lower IQ and psychopathology in epilepsy, the possible differential effects of varying severity of learning (intellectual) disability (LD) on the manifestation of psychopathology in people with LD and epilepsy have not been clarified. In this study of retrospectively collected data describing the epilepsy, learning disability, and psychopathology of 175 patients with epilepsy and LD over a 3-month period, we observed that 65 patients had no recent seizures, whereas 110 had experienced at least one seizure in the preceding 3 months. We found that depression and psychoses were more common in those with no seizures in the preceding 3 months, but that which of these psychiatric states was manifest was related to the severity of LD. Psychosis rates were higher in those with mild LD, whereas depression rates were higher in those with severe LD. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and outcome of patients diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A 5-year review$$$ Objective: The goal of this article was to describe the clinical characteristics and outcomes of patients diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of patients diagnosed with PNES in a 5-year period. Results: Fifty patients with PNES were identified, giving an estimated incidence of 0.91/100,000 per annum. Thirty-eight were included for review, 15 of whom were male (39%). Eighteen patients had been diagnosed with epilepsy as well as PNES (47%). We demonstrated a gender difference in our patients, with males having higher seizure frequencies, more antiepileptic drug use, and a longer interval before diagnosis of PNES. Females were diagnosed with other conversion disorders more often than males. Impaired social function was observed in PNES, as was resistance to psychological interventions with a subsequent poor response to treatments. Conclusions: PNES remains a difficult condition to treat, and may affect males in proportions higher than those described in previous studies. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Suicidal ideation in epilepsy and levetiracetam therapy$$$ There is little literature on a possible link between the use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and the occurrence of suicidal ideation. Nevertheless, its occurrence needs to be promptly recognized because it may trigger suicidal attempts. We retrospectively evaluated a case registry of 517 patients taking levetiracetam (LEV) for suicidal ideation, looking at possible clinical variables involved. Suicidal ideation was reported by four patients (0.7%). All cases occurred in the context of a mood disorder presenting early during LEV therapy. Psychopathological characteristics of suicidal ideation were consistent in all subjects and similar to some features that are described as typical of the so-called interictal dysphoric disorder of epilepsy. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Relationship between semiology of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures and Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory profile$$$ Subtypes of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) have emerged via classification of seizure semiology, psychological variables, or both. PNES subtypes that differ with respect to etiology may be amenable to targeted treatment strategies. The aim of the present study was to investigate the relationship between semiology type and Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory-2 (MMPI-2) profile among patients with PNES. We did so by modifying a classification scheme proposed by Selwa et al. Our main hypothesis was that there would be significant associations of semiology-based subtypes with psychological profiles among patients with PNES. We found significant differences in mean scores on MMPI-2 clinical scales 1 (Hypochondriasis) and 3 (Hysteria) and Harris-Lingoes subscales D5 (Brooding) and Sc5 (Lack of Ego Mastery, Defective Inhibition) across PNES subtypes (catatonic, minor motor, major motor). The results of the present study enhance understanding of the nosology of PNES by identifying psychopathological correlates of semiology-based subtypes of PNES. Our study also may inform the methodology of future investigations of psychopathology among patients with PNES by providing support for content-based interpretation of the MMPI. ER  - 
Neuraxial pain relief for intractable cancer pain$$$ Most patients with cancer pain achieve good analgesia using traditional analgesics and adjuvant medications; however, an important minority of patients (2% to 5%) suffers from severe and refractory cancer pain. For these individuals, spinal analgesics (intrathecal or epidural) provide significant hope for pain relief over months or years of treatment to help improve quality of life. Spinal analgesics have been suggested as the fourth step in the World Health Organization guidelines in the management of cancer pain, and thus the pain physician should be familiar with principles of use. Most patients achieve pain relief using spinal analgesics, with a minimum of complications that are easily managed at home. A variety of opioids, local anesthetics, clonidine, ketamine, and other analgesics are available for the spinal route of administration and should be titrated to clinical effect or intolerable side effect. This article discusses the appropriate selection of patients for spinal analgesics, reviews current recommended infusion systems and current spinal analgesics, discusses possible complications, and includes practical suggestions for patient management. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Adverse effects of antipsychotics as outcome measures$$$ Background: Antipsychotic drugs are associated with adverse effects that can lead to poor medication adherence, stigma, distress and impaired quality of life. Aims: To review the use of adverse effects of antipsychotic drugs as outcome measures, with a particular emphasis on methodological issues. Method: Review of data on adverse effects from sources including randomised controlled trials (RCTs), post-marketing surveillance and naturalistic studies. Results: All have advantages and disadvantages and the best overview comes from considering all sources of data together. Adverse effects are inconsistently reported, hampering cross-study comparisons. Many outcome measures lack clinical meaning. In both naturalistic studies and RCTs adverse effects often account for less treatment discontinuation than lack of efficacy. Conclusions: Standardisation in the reporting of adverse effects is needed. Patients' subjective experience of medication should be given more consideration. Total discontinuation rates provide a useful global outcome measure that incorporates tolerability and efficacy as well as patient and clinician viewpoints. Patients should be informed of common side-effects prior to treatment and monitored for their occurrence during treatment. ER  - 
Ibalizumab, a CD4-specific mAb to inhibit HIV-1 infection$$$ Tanox Inc (under license from Biogen Idec, formerly Biogen Inc) is developing ibalizumab, an intravenous, humanized, monoclonal antibody specific for CD4, for the potential treatment of HIV infection. In August 2006, the FDA advised Tanox to conduct additional dose-finding studies, from which data could potentially be used in a BLA filing. Ibalizumab had reached phase II clinical trials; however, there are currently no ongoing clinical trials. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
The SKATE™ study: An open-label community-based study of levetiracetam as add-on therapy for adults with uncontrolled partial epilepsy$$$ The Safety of Keppra™ as Adjunctive Therapy in Epilepsy (SKATE™) study aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of levetiracetam (Keppra™, LEV) as add-on therapy for refractory partial seizures in clinical practice. This Phase IV, 16-week, open-label study recruited patients ≥16-year old with treatment-resistant partial seizures. LEV (1000 mg/day) was added to a stable concomitant antiepileptic drug regimen. LEV dosage was adjusted based on seizure control and tolerability to a maximum of 3000 mg/day. 1541 patients (intent-to-treat population) were recruited including 1346 (87.3%) who completed the study and 77.0% who declared further continuing on LEV after the trial. Overall, 50.5% of patients reported at least one adverse event that was considered related to LEV treatment. The most frequently reported drug-related adverse events were mild-to-moderate somnolence, fatigue, dizziness and headache. Serious adverse events considered related to LEV occurred in 1.0% of patients. 7.5% of patients reported adverse events as the most important reason for study drug discontinuation. The median reduction from baseline in the frequency of all seizures was 50.2%; 15.8% of patients were seizure free; 50.1% had seizure frequency reduction of ≥50%. At the end of the study, 60.4% of patients were considered by the investigator to show marked or moderate improvement. There was a significant improvement in health-related quality of life as assessed with the QOLIE-10-P (total score increasing from 55.6 to 61.6; p < 0.001). This community-based study suggests that LEV is well tolerated and effective as add-on therapy for refractory partial seizures in adults. These data provide supportive evidence for the safety and efficacy of LEV demonstrated in the pivotal Phase III placebo-controlled studies. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Role of lipids in brain injury and diseases$$$ Lipid metabolism in CNS is of particular interest because of the high concentration of lipids. The importance of lipids in cell signaling and tissue physiology is demonstrated by many CNS disorders and injuries that involve deregulated metabolism. The long-suffering lipid field is gaining reputation and respect, as evidenced through the Center of Biomedical Research Excellence in lipidomics and Pathobiology (COBRE), Lipid MAPS (Metabolites And Pathways Strategy) Consortium sponsored by NIH. European Initiatives for decoding the lipids through genomic approaches, and Genomics Of Lipid-associated Disorder (GOLD) project initiated by the Austrian government. This review attempts to provide an overview of the lipid imbalances associated with neurological disorders (Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, Niemann-Pick disease, multiple sclerosis, Huntington's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. schizophrenia, bipolar disorders and epilepsy) and CNS injury (stroke, traumatic brain injury and spinal cord injury), as well as a few provocative thoughts. Lipidomic analyses along with RNA silencing will provide new insights into the role of lipid intermediates in cell signaling and hopefully open now avenues for prevention or treatment options. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Misdiagnosis of stroke$$$ Rapid diagnosis of stroke is necessary for the timely delivery of thrombolysis and evaluation of novel therapies such as neuroprotection. An accurate clinical history and competent examination are key to identifying which patients are likely to have had a stroke and arranging and interpreting neuroimaging. Stroke symptoms are typically acute in onset, but are highly variable depending on the vascular territory affected. Common presenting symptoms are limb weakness, and speech and visual disturbances. Common stroke mimics are seizures, space occupying lesions, syncope, somatization and delirium secondary to sepsis. Stroke recognition instruments can help nonspecialists in the early diagnosis of stroke, with studies reporting sensitivity of over 90% and specificity of approximately 85% for some instruments. In patients with a clinical diagnosis of stroke, brain computed tomography or MRI is required to exclude some stroke mimics and differentiate ischemic from hemorrhagic stroke, which is key to providing appropriate therapies such as thrombolysis. In the future, plasma biomarkers may improve clinical diagnosis of stroke, but prospective studies are required to establish their utility. Clinical trials of acute stroke therapies need to ensure rapid accurate diagnosis of stroke using structured clinical assessments and appropriate imaging to achieve early treatment and avoid entry of stroke mimics into trials. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
The status of pharmacotherapy for autism spectrum disorders$$$ The use of pharmacologic agents as a component of treatment for children and adults with autism spectrum disorders is common and a substantial body of literature describing controlled and open-label clinical trials now exists to guide clinical practice. Empiric evidence of efficacy of risperidone, methylphenidate and some selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors for maladaptive behaviors commonly associated with autism spectrum disorders has increased substantially in recent years. Preliminary controlled trials of valproate, atomoxetine, α-2 adrenergic agonists and olanzapine are promising. In addition to traditional psychotropic medications, investigators have examined the potential role of a variety of agents with glutamatergic or cholinergic mechanisms, and the results warrant further investigation. Although psychotropic medications are effective in treating some important associated behaviors, evidence of significant impact on the core features of autism spectrum disorders is very limited. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapeutic strategies for pediatric bipolar disorder$$$ There has been a recent increase in recognition and diagnosis of pediatric bipolar disorder (PBD), along with an increase in prescriptions for psychotropic medications for treating children suffering from this chronic, potentially disabling disorder. Lithium remains the only FDA-approved mood stabilizer for use in children > 12 years of age and along with valproic acid and carbamazepine, forms the triad of traditional mood stabilizers used for initiation of treatment for PBD. There has been a recent surge in the use of atypical antipsychotics in PBD, which may be due to their relative ease of administration and lack of requirement for serum level monitoring. A combination of traditional mood stabilizers along with atypical antipsychotics is commonly used in clinical practice, despite a lack of compelling empirical data. Although there is an urgent need for controlled studies on the available treatment options and strategies in PBD, recent expert consensus guidelines and emerging controlled pharmacotherapy data on PBD will lay the platform for future scientific research in the area. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Post-traumatic stress disorder: An evaluation of existing pharmacotherapies and new strategies$$$ Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is often a chronic and disabling anxiety disorder that develops after exposure to a traumatic event. Researchers have demonstrated efficacy for both pharmacologic and psychosocial interventions in the treatment of PTSD. First-line pharmacotherapeutic options are the selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors and serotonin noradrenaline re-uptake inhibitors. Older antidepressant agents, such as the tricyclic antidepressants and the monoamine oxidase inhibitor, phenelzine, have also proven efficacy in PTSD among more established agents. However, concerns for side effects have limited frequent use of these. Existing pharmacologic agents produce meaningful results and bear the advantage of treating depression and other co-morbid disorders, yet still fall short of being ideal due to limited response and remission rates and tolerability issues. The need for improving pharmacotherapy of PTSD remains compelling and directions for further research are discussed. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Comparative study of modified release alpha-blocker exposure in elderly patients with fractures$$$ Purpose: Standard formulation alpha-blocker use has been associated with an increased risk of hypotension-related adverse events, particularly with cardiovascular indications and on treatment initiation. We investigated the association between those fractures that are commonly due to falls and modified-release doxasozin exposure. Methods: A case-control study using UK primary care records (the THIN database) showed that 6540 cases aged 50 years or older had a record of first fracture of the hip/femur, humerus or wrist after May 2001; 26 495 controls had no fracture and were matched on practice, year of birth and sex. Exclusions for the primary analysis were previous benign prostatic hypertrophy (BPH), lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) or prostate cancer, major trauma at the time of the case's fracture, or a history of falls. Conditional logistic regression estimated the association between modified-release doxasozin treatment and the occurrence of fractures. Results: No increased risk of fractures was associated with current use of modified-release doxasozin, adjusted odds ratios (ORs) 0.90 (95%CI 0.68, 1.19); previous use, adjusted OR 0.92 (95%CI 0.73, 1.16) or the start of a treatment episode (≤28 days), crude OR 0.57 (0.17, 1.92). Including those with a history of BPH, LUTS and prostatic carcinoma had little effect, adjusted OR for current use was 0.95 (95 %CI 0.74, 1.21). No significant increased risk of fractures was associated with the start of standard preparation alpha-blockers, crude OR 1.42 (95%CI 0.65, 3.07). Conclusions: We found no association between modified-release doxasozin use and fractured hip/femur, humerus or wrist in those without a recent history of falls, or trauma. Copyright © 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Medical therapy of epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy is a common neurologic disorder that affects 1-3% of the population. The therapy of epilepsy is briefly reviewed in this article, focusing on new data on antlepileptic medications. In the last decade, several new antiepileptic medications, that is, lamotrigine, gabapentin, topiramate, oxcarbazepine, zonisamide, levetiracetam and pregabalin, are available in the US for partial epilepsy. These medications have been reviewed with focus on their clinical use, side effects and limitations. There have been new data on antiepileptic medications and their teratogenic effects, effects on bone health and effects on female health. New developments in the therapy of epilepsy have provided different options to treat this chronic disease. This has provided greater choice for patients and their physicians. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Appendix D: Efficacy and tolerability of the new antiepileptic drugs II: Treatment of refractory epilepsy: Report of the Therapeutics and Technology Assessment Subcommittee and Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the American Epilepsy Society$$$ Objective: To assess the evidence demonstrating efficacy, tolerability, and safety of seven new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) (gabapentin, lamotrigine, topiramate, tiagabine, oxcarbazepine, levetiracetam, and zonisamide) in the treatment of children and adults with refractory partial and generalized epilepsies. Methods: A 23-member committee including general neurologists, pediatric neurologists, epileptologists, and doctors in pharmacy evaluated the available evidence based on a structured literature review including MEDLINE, Current Contents, and Cochrane library for relevant articles from 1987 until March 2003. Results: All of the new AEDs were found to be appropriate for adjunctive treatment of refractory partial seizures in adults. Gabapentin can be effective for the treatment of mixed seizure disorders, and gabapentin, lamotrigine, oxcarbazepine, and topiramate for the treatment of refractory partial seizures in children. Limited evidence suggests that lamotrigine and topiramate are also effective for adjunctive treatment of idiopathic generalized epilepsy in adults and children, as well as treatment of the Lennox Gastaut syndrome. Conclusions: The choice of AED depends upon seizure and/or syndrome type, patient age, concomitant medications, AED tolerability, safety, and efficacy. The results of this evidence-based assessment provide guidelines for the prescription of AEDs for patients with refractory epilepsy and identify those seizure types and syndromes where more evidence is necessary. Copyright © Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Glutamate and anxiety disorders$$$ Anxiety disorders are among the most prevalent psychiatric disorders, but they represent a particular challenge for treatment. The standard first-line treatments, including antidepressants, benzodiazepines, and buspirone, result in significant response rates for a majority of patients; however, unfavorable side effect profiles or risk for dependency for particular agents might limit their use by anxious patients, who often have low thresholds for medication discontinuation. Novel pharmacologic agents that modulate particular receptors, ion channels, or transporters relevant to glutamatergic neurotransmission may represent a new approach to the treatment of anxiety disorders, with generally more favorable side effect profiles. Although the role of glutamate in the pathophysiology of anxiety disorders is listill being elucidated, the use of these agents in treatment of anxiety disorders and commonly comorbid conditions such as substance abuse and mood disorders will continue to increase. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder$$$ Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a disruptive, chronic, and relatively common disorder that is often difficult to treat. Many patients with PTSD are unresponsive, have only moderate or marginal responses, or have troubling side effects to first-line serotonin reuptake inhibitor treatment. Studies suggest that antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) may be an effective treatment alternative or adjunctive treatment for the symptoms of PTSD. Recent results from case reports and open and controlled studies on the efficacy and tolerability of AEDs in PTSD are reviewed here, and their methodological limitations are discussed when relevant. AEDs shown to be effective in double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of PTSD include lamotrigine, topiramate, and tiagabine. Other AEDs that appear promising in open-label trials of PTSD include carbamazepine, valproate, gabapentin, vigabatrin, phenytoin, and levetiracetam. Stress-activated limbic kindling may be involved in the pathogenesis of PTSD. The possibility that AEDs may be effective in the treatment of PTSD due to their antikindling effect is discussed, and suggestions for future research are made. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Levodopa-induced dyskinesias$$$ Levodopa-induced dyskinesias (LID) are common and difficult to treat. This review focuses on three issues related to LID: clinical features, classification and rating, pathophysiology and pathogenesis, and management. The three primary clinical syndromes are OFF-period dystonia, peak-dose dyskinesia, and diphasic dyskinesia. Several other forms also occur, making the evaluation and choice of treatment complicated. A core component of the pathophysiology of LID is overactivity of the direct striatal output pathway. This pathway provides a direct GABAergic connection by which the striatum inhibits the output regions of the basal ganglia, i.e., the internal globus pallidus and the substantia nigra pars reticulata. Altering dopaminergic dosing and timing can abate dyskinesias, but usually impact the control of parkinsonism. Putative therapies to reduce the problem of dyskinesias could focus on the glutamatergic, GABAergic, α2 adrenergic, serotonergic (5HT1A, 5HT 2A), opioid, histamine H3, adenosine A2A receptors, the monoamine transport or cannabinoid CB1 receptors systems. The only currently available drug with an evidence-based recommendation on efficacy for dyskinesia is amantadine. Therapy goals include the prevention of dyskinesia and treatment of dyskinesias that are troublesome clinically. New rating measures to assess severity and disability related to dyskinesia are in the process of development and clinimetric testing. © 2007 Movement Disorder Society. ER  - 
Anticonvulsants in the treatment of bipolar disorder$$$ Starting with carbamazepine and valproate in the eighties, several anticonvulsant have been established as a treatment option in bipolar disorder. They may constitute an alternative to lithium for prophylactic treatment as well as to classical and atypical antipsychotics for the treatment of acute mania. Only for the acute treatment of bipolar depression they could not demonstrate convincing results so far. However, not every anticonvulsant is at the same time a mood stabilizer; there are clear differences in efficacy and tolerabilty also within the group of anticonvulsants used in bipolar disorder. Nevertheless, and in contrast to epilepsy, combination treatment with several anticonvulsants is still rare in bipolar disorder, whereas combined treatment with lithium, antidepressants or antipsychotics is more common. This article is intended to give a comprehensive overview of the spectrum of efficacy, important side effects and clinical utility in bipolar disorder both for the older and new anticonvulsants, and refers the reader to the relevant literature. © 2007 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle. ER  - 
Pregabalin: An antiepileptic agent useful for neuropathic pain$$$ Purpose. The pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, clinical efficacy, adverse effects, and dosage and administration of pregabalin are reviewed. Summary. Pregabalin is the first drug to receive approved labeling from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy and postherpetic neuralgia and is the first antiepileptic agent to receive FDA-approved labeling since 1999. Pregabalin is the pharmacologically active S-enantiomer of racemic 3-isobutyl γ-aminobutyric acid. Pregabalin has demonstrated efficacy in the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, postherpetic neuralgia, and as adjunctive therapy for adult patients with partial onset seizures. Its exact mechanism of action is unknown. Pregabalin is rapidly absorbed and exhibits linear pharmacokinetics after oral administration. The lack of hepatic metabolism and lack of interaction with cytochrome P-450 isoenzymes explain the absence of drug interactions with pregabalin. Several clinical studies have demonstrated pregabalin's efficacy for each of the FDA-approved indications, with dizziness and somnolence reported as the most common adverse events. Pregabalin has been designated as a Schedule V controlled substance because of its potential for abuse and dependence. The starting dosage for patients with neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy is 50 mg three times daily and may be increased to 300 mg daily within one week based on efficacy and tolerability. The starting dosage for patients with partial-onset seizures is 75 mg twice daily or 50 mg three times daily and may be increased to 600 mg daily based on individual response and tolerability. Conclusion. Pregabalin may be beneficial for the treatment of neuropathic pain or partial-onset seizures in patients who do not respond to conventional treatments or cannot tolerate their adverse effects. Copyright © 2007, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Personalized treatment with atypical antipsychotic medications$$$ The considerable pharmacologic differences among atypical antipsychotic agents and the specific clinical circumstances of individual patients with psychiatric illness require the availability of a full range of agents in this class. Restrictions in the availability of atypical agents may prove to be counterproductive, both clinically and economically. Elderly individuals and those from minority groups may be particularly disadvantaged by restrictions placed on these agents. Additional clinical studies in large populations with different forms of schizophrenia and varied clinical histories are required to determine the appropriateness of specific atypical agents in patient subgroups. Advances in knowledge of the molecular genetics of schizophrenia and the receptor properties of individual drugs will help the clinician determine which drug and dosage are best for each individual patient. This will eventually replace the "hit or miss" process that characterizes current practice. Because of variations in response to atypical agents, the clinical vulnerability of patients with psychiatric illness, the difficulties they have in adapting to changes and adhering to medication regimens, and our poor understanding of the molecular basis of schizophrenia and its treatment, prescription insurance plans should provide access to a broad range of atypical agents. © 2007 Health Communications Inc. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of levetiracetam as adjunctive treatment of refractory partial seizures in a multicentre open-label single-arm trial in Korean patients$$$ This prospective, open-label study evaluated the efficacy and safety of adjunctive levetiracetam (LEV) in Korean adults with uncontrolled partial epilepsy. Study patients had to have an average of at least 1 and not more than 14 partial seizures per month (averaged over a 3-month historical baseline) despite the use of one or two AEDs. Patients initially received LEV 1000 mg/day (administered bid) and could increase to 2000 mg/day after 2 weeks, and to 3000 mg/day after another 2 weeks, to obtain adequate seizure control. During the 12-week maintenance period, the dose of LEV could be increased or decreased once if seizure control was insufficient or tolerability warranted, respectively. Seizure count and adverse events (AEs) were recorded by patients. Global evaluation scale (GES) and quality of life (QOLIE-31) were also evaluated. A total of 100 patients were enrolled and 92 patients completed the study. The median percent reduction in weekly seizure frequency over the treatment period was 43.2%. The ≥50% and ≥75% responder rates were 45.4% and 36.1%, respectively. Seizure freedom throughout the 16-week treatment period was observed in 17 patients. On investigator's GES, 81 patients were considered improved, with 41 patients showing marked improvement. Most QOLIE-31 scales improved significantly. Treatment-emergent AEs were reported in 59 patients. Three most common AEs were somnolence (36%), dizziness (12%), and headache (8%). Adjunctive LEV therapy was effective and well-tolerated in Korean adults with refractory partial epilepsy. © 2007 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Death in epileptic people: a review of Manitoba's medical examiner's cases$$$ Studies of cause-specific mortality show that deaths of epileptic people can be classified into those directly or indirectly related to epilepsy; those related to the underlying pathology giving rise to epilepsy; and those unrelated to either epilepsy or its causes. In this descriptive retrospective study, medical examiner's cases that occurred in Manitoba, Canada during 2004 were reviewed. One hundred and seventeen cases (4.06%) had epilepsy in their history. Cause of death was related directly to seizure in 12 cases (10.3%) and indirectly in six cases (5.1%); related to underlying pathology giving rise to epilepsy in 33 cases (28.2%); and unrelated to either of them in 60 cases (51.3%). Cause of death was unknown in six cases (5.1%). The causes of death, in order of frequency, were cardiac pneumonia, cerebrovascular accident and seizure disorder. Manner of death was natural in 86 cases (73.5%), accidental in 19 cases (16.2%), suicidal in five cases (4.3%), undetermined in five cases (4.3%) and homicidal in two cases (1.7%). While the mean age of the deceased persons with a positive history of seizure in this study was about 10 years less than those with a negative history of seizure, there was no significant difference between them in the manner of death. Epileptic people are not at greater risk for accidental death or suicide; however they are at greater risk for drowning. Recently diagnosed cases of epilepsy are at greater risk of dying from seizure or underlying pathology during the first year of their disease. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd and AFP. ER  - 
Issues in the pharmacological treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Aims: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) preferentially responds to a class of antidepressants called serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRI). This review discusses certain issues unique to pharmacological treatment of OCD: choice of SRI, dose and duration of treatment, options after first failed SRI trial and treatment of SRI non-responders. Methods: We performed a MEDLINE search for pharmacotherapy studies published until December 2006. In addition, the reference sections of major articles, and reviews were also screened. We also considered clinical guidelines and narrative reviews in writing this review. Results: The SRIs are equally effective in treating OCD. Meta-analyses suggest that clomipramine may be superior to other SRIs. OCD tends to respond to higher doses of SRIs than that used to treat depression. Response to treatment is usually delayed and may take up to 8-12 weeks. Atypical antipsychotics are the only proven augmenting agents in SRI non-responders. Cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) is an effective treatment strategy in treating OCD and possibly has a role in treating SRI non-responders. Discussion: Side effect profile and drug-drug interactions largely determine the choice of SRI. Those who fail to respond to one SRI trial may well respond to another SRI trial. Clomipramine is recommended if 2-3 trials of SRIs fail to produce response. Atypical antipsychotics are the first-line augmenting agents in SRI non-responders. CBT should be considered in all patients with OCD and is a potential option in SRI non-responders. Conclusion: OCD is a chronic and debilitating disorder. In responders, SRIs have to be continued in the same doses (if possible) for a minimum of 1-2 years and may be lifelong in those with persistent symptoms and in those with multiple relapses. CBT has to be offered in combination with SRIs wherever facilities for CBT exist. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Marine-derived drugs in neurology$$$ The oceans provide a rich source of structurally unique compounds that have demonstrated significant biological activities in a range of indications. In particular, the development of marine compounds is emerging as an important field for neurology. Several marine-derived compounds are currently in clinical trials or have been launched for the treatment of neuropathic pain, schizophrenia and Alzheimer's disease. This review describes the development of several of these compounds, specifically covering the conopeptides, anabaseine and omega-3 fatty acids for the potential treatment of various neurological disorders. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Seizure risk in patients with attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder treated with atomoxetine$$$ The comorbidity of seizures, epilepsy, and attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) prompted the examination of whether atomoxetine use for ADHD is associated with an increased risk of seizures. Seizures and seizure-related symptoms were reviewed from two independent Eli Lilly and Company databases: the atomoxetine clinical trials database and the atomoxetine postmarketing spontaneous adverse event database. Review of clinical trial data indicated that the crude incidence rates of seizure adverse events were between 0.1 and 0.2%, and were not significantly different between atomoxetine, placebo, and methylphenidate. Only 2% of the postmarketing spontaneous reports of seizure events were classified as having no clear contributing or confounding factors, and the reporting rate (8 per 100 000 patients exposed) was within the expected range of population-based incidence. Although children with ADHD are increasingly recognized as being at an elevated risk for seizures, treatment of ADHD symptoms with atomoxetine does not appear to elevate this risk further. The shared vulnerability between ADHD and seizure activity should be taken into account when making treatment decisions for populations of children with epilepsy and children with ADHD. © 2007 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Drug development for CNS disorders: Strategies for balancing risk and reducing attrition$$$ Disorders of the central nervous system (CNS) are some of the most prevalent, devastating and yet poorly treated illnesses. The development of new therapies for CNS disorders such as Alzheimer's disease has the potential to provide patients with significant improvements in quality of life, as well as reduce the future economic burden on health-care systems. However, few truly innovative CNS drugs have been approved in recent years, suggesting that there is a considerable need for strategies to enhance the productivity of research and development in this field. In this article, using illustrative examples from neurological and psychiatric disorders, we describe various approaches that are being taken to discover CNS drugs, discuss their relative merits and consider how risk can be balanced and attrition reduced. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of adjunctive zonisamide therapy for refractory partial seizures$$$ An approach to the selection of appropriate antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) for inclusion in polytherapy is to take into account both the efficacy of a drug and also its mechanism of action and pharmacokinetic profile. The AED zonisamide is licensed in Europe and the USA for use as adjunctive therapy in adult patients with partial onset epilepsy. Four pivotal clinical studies in patients with refractory partial seizures demonstrated that zonisamide as an add-on was most effective at doses of ≥300 mg/day, with responder rates (≥50% reduction from baseline in seizure frequency) ranging from 28 to 47% for all seizures. In addition, zonisamide has a unique combination of multiple mechanisms of action that are potentially complementary with concomitant AEDs. Zonisamide has no clinically relevant effects on the pharmacokinetics of other commonly used AEDs, however, co-administration with cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) inducers or inhibitors may change zonisamide's pharmacokinetic profile. Zonisamide is well tolerated with the majority of adverse events being mild-to-moderate and generally manageable. The tolerability of zonisamide has also been shown to improve with slower drug titration and duration of drug treatment. These characteristics suggest that zonisamide may be suitable as a key adjunct in rational polytherapy. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Recognition and treatment of menstrual migraine$$$ BACKGROUND: Menstrual migraine is a chronic disorder affecting approximately 12.6 million women in the United States. In spite of its widespread prevalence, menstrual migraine often goes undiagnosed. REVIEW SUMMARY: Characteristics of menstrual migraine, which include functional disability, increased headache severity, and lack of aura, are often overlooked, and therefore menstrual migraine is often underdiagnosed. Use of a 3-month diary to record migraine patterns can reveal the predictable patterns associated with menstrual migraine, and a diary is demonstrated to be a useful tool in diagnosis. Optimal treatment of menstrual migraine takes advantage of the predictability of the disorder. Treatment alternatives for menstrual migraine include acute therapy and short- or long-term preventive therapies. Acute therapy is given shortly after the migraine begins. Short-term preventive therapies are effective when administered during the time that menstrual migraine is most likely to occur; the treatment window is typically 2 days prior up to 3 days after the onset of menstruation. Providing triptans, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, or estrogen supplements (gel or patches) during this window has been demonstrated to provide effective protection during the days when patients are at greatest risk for menstrual migraine. Alternatively, long-term preventive therapy may be required for recurrent headaches in patients with concomitant medical conditions for whom migraine therapy could serve a dual purpose. CONCLUSION: By recognizing the patterns associated with menstrual migraine, prompt, acute, or preventive therapy can be used to effectively manage the disorder and reduce its related disability. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Psychosis and adults with intellectual disabilities$$$ Objective: To determine the point prevalence, incidence, and remission over a 2-year period of psychosis in adults with intellectual disabilities, and to investigate demographic and clinical factors hypothesised to be associated with psychosis. Method: A population-based cohort of adults with intellectual disabilities (n = 1,023) was longitudinally studied. Comprehensive face-to-face mental health assessments to detect psychosis, plus review of family physician, psychiatric, and psychology case notes were undertaken at two time points, 2 years apart. Results: Point prevalenceis 2.6% (95% CI = 1.8-3.8%) to 4.4% (95% CI = 3.2-5.8%), dependant upon the diagnostic criteria employed. Two-year incidence is 1.4% (95% CI = 0.6-2.6), and for first episode is 0.5% (95% CI = 0.1-1.3). Compared with the general population, the standardised incidence ratio for first episode psychosis is 10.0 (95% CI = 2.1-29.3). Full remission after 2 years is 14.3%. Visual impairment, previous long-stay hospital residence, smoking, and not having epilepsy were independently associated with psychosis, whereas other factors relevant to the general population were not. Conclusions: The study of psychosis in persons with intellectual disabilities benefits the population with intellectual disabilities, and advances the understanding of psychosis for the general population. Mental health professionals need adequate knowledge in order to address the high rates of psychosis in this population. © Springer-Verlag 2007. ER  - 
Effect of age and comedication on levetiracetam pharmacokinetics and tolerability$$$ Purpose: To compare pharmacokinetics and tolerability of levetiracetam (LEV) in older versus younger adults. Methods: As part of the Columbia Antiepileptic Drug Database, we retrospectively studied the pharmacokinetics and tolerability of LEV in patients who had been seen as an outpatient at our center during a 4-year period. We compared apparent clearance (CL) of LEV in the youngest (16-31 years; n = 151) and oldest (55-88 years; n = 157) quartile of 629 adult outpatients who had taken LEV. We also analyzed the frequency of adverse effects leading to dose change or discontinuation (" intolerability") and specific adverse effects in the younger versus older adults. One-year retention was determined for younger and older adults newly started on LEV at our center. Results: Mean LEV CL differed significantly between older (46.5 ml/h/kg) and younger adults (78.3 ml/h/kg). On average, older patients had a 40% lower LEV CL than younger patients. Comedication with an enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drug (EIAED; mostly carbamazepine) was associated with a 24% higher clearance of LEV compared to those who were not on EIAEDs. This difference was 37% in a subgroup of patients whose LEV CL was compared while they were on and off EIAEDs. Stepwise linear regression identified younger age and comedication with an EIAED as significant predictors of increased LEV CL. A total of 34.3% of the 629 patients (31.7% of younger vs. 40.7% of older patients; p = 0.16) reported intolerability to LEV on at least one occasion. This difference in tolerability reached significance in the group of patients newly started on LEV (26.3% vs. 41.0%; p = 0.017). Drowsiness and psychiatric/behavioral side effects were the most common adverse effects associated with LEV use in both age groups. One-year retention was 72% in the older group vs. 54% in the younger group (not significant). Conclusion: Older adults have lower CL than younger adults and require a mean 40% lower dose of LEV to achieve the same serum level. Comedication with an EIAED increases LEV CL by 24-37%. Younger adults tolerate LEV better than older adults, but 1-year retention was (nonsignificantly) higher in the older group. © 2007 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
An international multicenter randomized double-blind controlled trial of lamotrigine and sustained-release carbamazepine in the treatment of newly diagnosed epilepsy in the elderly$$$ Purpose: To assess the comparative effectiveness, efficacy, and tolerability of lamotrigine (LTG) and sustained-release carbamazepine (CBZ) in the treatment of newly diagnosed epilepsy in the elderly. Methods: Patients aged 65 years or older, who had experienced at least two unprovoked partial and/or generalized tonic-clonic seizures, were randomized to receive LTG (n = 93) or CBZ (n = 92) according to a multicenter double-blind, parallel-group design. Trial duration was 40 weeks and included a 4-week dose escalation followed by a maintenance phase during which dosages could be adjusted according to response. Initial, maintenance and maximum dosages were 25 mg, 100 mg, and 500 mg per day for LTG, and 100 mg, 400 mg, and 2,000 mg per day for CBZ, respectively. The primary end point was retention in the trial. Results: In the LTG group, 68 patients (73%) completed the 40-week study period compared with 61 (67%) in the CBZ group, a nonsignificant difference. Time to withdrawal from any cause did not differ between groups (p = 0.34). The number of subjects who completed the 40-week period and were seizure free in the last 20 weeks was 48 (52%) in the LTG group and 52 (57%) in the CBZ group. Adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred in 13 (14%) subjects in the LTG group and 23 (25%) subjects in the CBZ group. Conclusion: LTG and CBZ showed comparable effectiveness, with a trend for higher seizure-free rates for CBZ and better tolerability for LTG. Differences in outcome compared with previous trials may be related to different dosing rates and use of a sustained-release formulation for CBZ. © 2007 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Fracture risk associated with drugs: A search for candidate drugs in the same way as for candidate genes$$$ Oral corticosteroids increase fracture risk, while topical corticosteroids do not. The effect of the corticosteroids is probably linked to negative effects on calcium metabolism, with a negative calcium balance and effects on gonadal function. Insulin and oral antidiabetics, except glitazones, decrease fracture risk by countering the negative skeletal effects of diabetes. Glitazones appear to be associated with an increased risk of fractures, which is probably linked to their negative effects on bone cells. Antithyroid drugs per se decrease fracture risk by inducing euthyroidism. Some, but not all, antiepileptic drugs are associated with a very limited increase in fracture risk. The mechanisms probably relate to liver induction with vitamin D deficiency. Anxiolytics and neuroleptics are associated with a very limited increase in fracture risk, which is probably linked to the risk of falls. Among antidepressants, selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors carry a larger increase in relative fracture risk than tricyclic antidepressants. Lithium is associated with a decrease in fracture risk, which may be the result of an effect on bone metabolism, but further research is required. Most, but not all, opioids are associated with an increase in fracture risk, which is probably due to an increased risk of falls owing to dizziness. Some, but not all, NSAIDs are associated with an increase in fracture risk, which is probably linked to dizziness. Proton-pump inhibitors are associated with an increased fracture risk, which is probably linked to decreased calcium absorption with secondary hyperparathyroidism, while histamine H2 receptor antagonists are associated with a decrease in fracture risk, although the mechanism of the latter is unknown. Histamine H1 receptor antagonists and oral contraceptives are not associated with significant changes in fracture risk. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Neurostimulators in epilepsy$$$ A review of electrical stimulation in patients with refractory epilepsy, including animal and human data, shows that there is anatomic and physiologic evidence supporting the role of the thalamus in epilepsy. The most recent reports in patients with refractory epilepsy suggest that deep brain stimulation and cortical electrical stimulation of the anterior thalamic nucleus and hippocampus may reduce seizure frequency in patients with refractory partial and secondarily generalized seizures. This has led to a multicenter, prospective randomized trial called the Stimulation of the Anterior Nucleus of the Thalamus for Epilepsy (SANTE trial) that is currently being conducted at several centers in the United States. There is also a multicenter clinical trial for patients with refractory partial epilepsy treated with a cranially implanted responsive neurostimulator (RNS) system. Preliminary reports from the RNS system feasibility trial (the NeuroPace trial) suggest that electrographic seizures can be detected before they evolve into clinical seizures, and that electrical stimulation of the epileptogenic zone can then terminate the electrographic seizures. The preliminary data in patients using deep brain stimulation of the anterior thalamic nucleus and hippocampus, and cortical stimulation studies of the epileptogenic zone are promising and suggest a reduction in seizure frequency in some patients with refractory partial and secondarily generalized seizures. The exact mechanism of action and the best parameters used during electrical stimulation remain unknown and are the subject of ongoing research. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Pediatric migraine: Pharmacologic agents for prophylaxis$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify and evaluate the data regarding medication use for migraine prophylaxis in the pediatric population. DATA SOURCES: Literature was obtained through searches in PubMed (Mid 1950s-March 2007), Iowa Drug Information Service/Web (1966-February 2007), International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (1970-February 2007), and the Cochrane Library. The terms migraine, prophylaxis, child, and children were used and cross referenced with all drug names. Reference citations from publications identified were also reviewed and included. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Only trials that evaluated migraine headaches in the pediatric population were included. Trials including adolescent and adult populations are briefly listed, but not reviewed. Trials involving non-prescription medication were also included in the evaluation. Due to the limited information, all clinical trials, retrospective reviews, and abstracts evaluated were included in this review. DATA SYNTHESIS: Few controlled clinical trials regarding prophylaxis therapy are available. Currently, no medications are approved by the Food and Drug Administration for prophylaxis of migraines in children. Seventeen drugs were identified and included in the review. Of the drugs with available data, topiramate, valproic acid, flunarizine, amitriptyline, and cyproheptadine have shown efficacy in decreasing migraine frequency and duration in children. However, larger clinical trials are necessary to validate the utility of these agents. Conflicting data exist for propranolol and pizotifen, and additional data are needed for gabapentin, levetiracetam, zonisamide, naproxen, and trazodone. In clinical trials, nimodipine, donidine, and natural supplements have shown a lack of efficacy versus placebo for prophylaxis of migraines in children. CONCLUSIONS: Topiramate, valproic acid, and amitriptyline have the most data on their use for prophylaxis of migraines in children. Numerous agents have limited data in this population and several agents lack efficacy. Prospective, well designed, controlled clinical trials that include quality-of-life and functional outcomes are needed for guiding therapy of migraine prophylaxis for children. ER  - 
The clinical effectiveness and cost of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy in severe depression: A multicentre pragmatic randomised controlled trial and economic analysis$$$ Objective: To investigate if repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) was as effective as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in treating major depressive episodes and to perform a cost-effectiveness analysis. Design: A single-blind pragmatic multicentre randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 6 months of follow-up to test equivalence of rTMS with ECT Setting: The South London and Maudsley NHS Trust and Pembury Hospital in the Invicta Mental Health Trust in Kent. Participants: Right-handed adult patients referred for ECT for treatment of a major depressive episode (DSM-IV) were assessed. During the 2.5-year trial period, 260 patients were referred for ECT, of whom 46 entered the trial. The main reason for not entering the trial was not consenting to ECT while being formally treated under the UK Mental Health Act 1983. Interventions: Patients were randomised to receive a 15-day course of rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (n = 24) or a course of ECT (n = 22). Main outcome measures: Patients were assessed before randomisation, at end of treatment and at the 6-month follow-up. Primary outcome measures were the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) and proportion of remitters (defined as HRSD score ≤8) at the end-of-treatment time point. Secondary outcomes included self-ratings for mood on the Beck Depression inventory-II (BDI-II) and visual analogue mood scales (VAMS), the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS), plus subjective and objective side-effects. Low scores on the BDI-II, VAMS and BPRS are positive in terms of health. The results were analysed on an intention-to-treat basis. Cost data were collected using the Client Service Receipt Inventory and the Short Form with 36 Items was used to obtain quality of life measures. Health economic outcomes were cost of treatments, costs incurred during the 6-month follow-up period and gains in quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs). Results: One patient was lost to follow-up at end of treatment and another eight at 6 months. The end-of-treatment HRSD scores were lower for ECT, with 13 (59%) achieving remission compared with four (17%) in the rTMS group. However, HRSD scores did not differ between groups at 6 months. BDI-II, VAMS and BPRS scores were lower for ECT at end of treatment and remained lower after 6 months. Improvement in subjective reports of side-effects following ECT correlated with antidepressant response. There was no difference between the two groups before or after treatment on global measures of cognition. Athough individual treatment session costs were lower for rTMS than ECT, the cost for a course of rTMS was not significantly different from that for a course of ECT as more rTMS sessions were given per course. Service costs were not different between the groups in the subsequent 6 months but informal care costs were significantly higher for the rTMS group and contributed substantially to the total cost for this group during the 6-month follow-up period. There also was no difference in gain in QALYs for ECT and rTMS patients. Analysis of cost-effectiveness acceptability curves demonstrated that rTMS has very low probability of being more cost-effective than ECT. Conclusions: ECT is a more effective and potentially cost-effective antidepressant treatment than 3 weeks of rTMS as administered in this study. Optimal treatment parameters for rTMS need to be established for treating depression. More research is required to refine further the administration of ECT in order to reduce associated cognitive side-effects while maintaining its effectiveness. There is a need for large-scale, adequately powered RCTs comparing different forms of ECT. The next generation of randomised trials of rTMS should also seek to compare treatment variables such as stimulus intensity, number of stimuli administered and duration of treatment, with a view to quantifying an effect size for antidepressant action. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2007. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Drug and non-drug treatments of children with ADHD and tic disorders$$$ Objective: To review the treatment of ADHD in children with chronic tic disorders. Background: Tic disorders are relatively common in school-age children and range from mild to severe. Children with mild tics may not require medication for the treatment of tics. The co-occurrence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and disruptive behavior are common in children with tic disorders and may be associated with significant morbidity. Methods: We conducted a literature search to identify reports of tics as an adverse effect to stimulant medication, the treatment of children with ADHD and tics as well as novel treatments that have been proposed for the treatment of ADHD in children with tic disorders. Results: The preponderance of evidence suggests that stimulant medications are safe and effective in the treatment of children with ADHD and tic disorders. A minority of children with tic disorders may show a worsening of tics or not tolerate stimulants for other reasons. The growing list of non-stimulants provides options for clinicians and parents of these children. Conclusions: Treatment planning for children with ADHD and tic disorders involves careful discussion with parents on choosing the best course of action. Stimulants should be part of this discussion. More study is needed on non-pharmacological approaches to the treatment of tics and ADHD in this population. © 2007 Steinkopff Verlag Darmstadt. ER  - 
Absence epilepsy in childhood: Electroencephalography (EEG) does not predict outcome$$$ Absence epilepsy is a form of generalized epilepsy commonly seen in children. The clinician is often presented with a patient whose electroencephalogram does not fit the typical absence pattern. The purpose of this study is to more closely examine both typical and atypical absence variants and their outcome. A retrospective chart review was performed on children diagnosed with absence epilepsy over the past 5 years at the University of Alberta. A total of 119 patients were reviewed. Patients were classified with typical or atypical absence seizures following International League Against Epilepsy criteria and electroencephalography (EEG) characteristics. Clinical seizure characteristics, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), initial response to treatment, and outcome were examined. Seizure characteristics were similar in both the typical and atypical absence groups. Aura, complex automatisms, changes in tone, and incontinence were seen in both groups, although status epilepticus was found only in the atypical group. Associated comorbid conditions such as attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), learning disorders, and enuresis were found equally in both groups. Developmental delay was found more often in the atypical group. Of the typical group, 83% responded to an initial antiepileptic drug (either valproic acid or ethosuximide), whereas only 51% of the atypical group came under control. Remission at 2 years however, was similar between groups, with 76% of the typical group and 71% of the atypical group completely seizure free. Absence seizures in childhood, both typical and atypical, share similar clinical and lectroencephalographic features and appear to be part of a continuum. Associated omorbid features such as ADHD, learning disorders, and developmental delay are also seen in both groups. The outcome for both types is excellent, although the atypical variants may be initially more difficult to control. ER  - 
Polymorphic CYP2B6: Molecular mechanisms and emerging clinical significance$$$ Polymorphisms in drug-metabolizing enzymes and drug transporters contribute to wide and inheritable variability in drug pharmacokinetics, response and toxicity. One of the less well-studied human cytochrome P450s is (CYP)2B6, a homologue of the rodent phenobarbital-inducible CYP2B enzymes. Clinically used drug substrates include cytostatics (cyclophosphamide), HIV drugs (efavirenz and nevirapine), antidepressants (bupropion), antimalarials (artemisinin), anesthetics (propofol) and synthetic opioids (methadone). Contrary to the model polymorphisms of CYP2D6 and CYP2C19, which were discovered by adverse drug reactions, pharmacogenetic study of CYP2B6 was initiated by reverse genetics approaches and subsequent functional and clinical studies. With over 100 described SNPs, numerous complex haplotypes and distinct ethnic frequencies, CYP2B6 is one of the most polymorphic CYP genes in humans. In this review, we summarize general biomolecular and pharmacological features and present a detailed up-to-date description of genetic polymorphisms, including a discussion of recent clinical applications of CYP2B6 pharmacogenetics. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Ictal clinical and scalp-EEG findings differentiating temporal lobe epilepsies from temporal 'plus' epilepsies$$$ Temporal 'plus' epilepsies are characterized by seizures involving a complex epileptogenic network including the temporal lobe and the closed neighboured structures such as the orbito-frontal cortex, the insula, the frontal and parietal operculum and the temporo-parieto-occipital junction. Temporal 'plus' epilepsies are currently identified by means of intracerebral electrodes but whether their diagnosis can be suspected non-invasively has not been evaluated yet. The aim of this retrospective study was to address this issue in 80 consecutive patients who were thought to suffer from non-lesional temporal lobe seizures which finally proved, on the basis of stereotactic intracerebral EEG (SEEG) recordings, to be 'purely' temporal (TL group, n = 58) or temporal 'plus' (T+ group, n = 22). Our results showed that the two groups of patients were difficult to differentiate on the basis of general clinical features or MRI data. Even the presence of hippocampal sclerosis did not distinguish the two groups. Conversely, both ictal clinical symptoms and scalp-EEG findings significantly differentiated TL from T+ patients. Patients with TL epilepsies more frequently presented an ability to warn at seizure onset (P = 0.003), an abdominal aura (P = 0.05), gestural automatisms (P = 0.04) and a post-ictal amnesia (P = 0.02). Patients suffering from T+ epilepsies more frequently had gustatory hallucinations (P = 0.02), rotatory vertigo (P = 0.02) and auditory illusions (P = 0.02) at seizure onset; they exhibited more frequently contraversive manifestations of the eyes and/or head (P = 0.001), piloerection (P = 0.03) and ipsilateral tonic motor signs (P = 0.05), and they were more often dysphoric in the post-ictal phase (P = 0.0001). Cluster analysis mainly indicated that some associations of symptoms were relevant for differentiating TL cases from T+ cases. Interictal EEG of T+ patients more frequently exhibited bilateral or precentral abnormalities, while ictal EEG more frequently pointed over the anterior frontal, temporo-parietal and precentral regions. Neither TL interictal spikes, nor TL ictal EEG onset, allowed us definitely to rule out the possibility of T+ epilepsies. Our findings may be useful for identifying, among patients suffering from 'atypical' non-lesional TL epilepsies, those who should undergo invasive recordings before surgery. © The Author (2007). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Guarantors of Brain. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Evaluation of the center for epidemiologic studies-depression scale as an aiding instrument of the detection of depressed patients in Japanese outpatients$$$ Objective: The Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression Scale (CES-D) has been used as an instrument to screen depressed individuals among Japanese workers and patients with dementia, but it has not been applied in Japanese outpatients. The aims of this study were to examine the validity of the CES-D in Japanese outpatients and establish optimal cut-off scores. Methods: Data were collected from 6,938 outpatients aged 27-63 in our institution. Of these subjects, 4,805 outpatients completed the CES-D questionnaires including 1,714 patients in whom a diagnosis of depression was made based on the DSM-IV (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th Edition) and/or ICD-10 (the International Classification of Diseases, 10th). In this study, we first tested the optimal cut-off scores of CES-D in those depressed patients diagnosed by the "gold standard" (DSM-IV or ICD-10), and then re-evaluated the other cases of outpatients with mental disorders to detect those with depressive syndromes. Results: The CES-D, with an optimal cutoff score of 8.5 for no depression yielded a sensitivity of 98.7%, and a specificity of 91%. The results based on our cut-off score of the CES-D-8.5 showed that potential depression was also present in 30.5%, 16.2%, 3.7%, 23%, 38%, 26%, 17%, 19% of outpatients with sleeplessness, adjustment disorders, dysthymia, alcoholism, epilepsy, panic disorders, eating disorders and anxiety disorders, respectively. Conclusion: Using the CES-D may be helpful for physicians to detect depression not only in depressed patients but also in Japanese outpatients suffering from a variety of diseases. ER  - 
Assessing the role of drugs in suicidal ideation and suicidality$$$ The emergence of suicidal ideation and suicide-related behaviour in patients receiving drug treatment is of concern because of the overall burden of these conditions and the possible link with completed suicide. Observational studies have been useful in generating hypotheses of causality but are confounded by the association between various disease states and increased suicide-related behaviour and completed suicide. The demonstration of causality requires experimental studies, especially randomised controlled trials, and meta-analyses. Unfortunately, the lack of uniform requirements for defining, detecting and recording suicidal ideation, suicide-related behaviour and completed suicide creates difficulties in comparing studies. Nevertheless, there is evidence of an association between SSRIs and other newer antidepressant drugs and treatment-emergent suicidal ideation and suicide-related behaviour in both children and adults; however, an increase in completed suicide as a result of treatment with SSRIs and other newer antidepressant drugs has not been demonstrated. Atomoxetine has also been associated with treatment-emergent suicidality, based on the results of a meta-analysis. Although similar associations have been proposed for some antiepileptic drugs, isotretinoin and interferon-α, they are yet to be supported by evidence from randomised controlled trials or meta-analyses. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mood and anxiety disorders in patients with myasthenia gravis: Aetiology, diagnosis and treatment$$$ Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a chronic, autoimmune disease involving neuromuscular junctions. It is frequently associated with symptoms such as loss of muscle strength, difficulty in respiration and swallowing, diplopia and ptosis. All chronic diseases, including MG, may have psychiatric consequences in terms of coping and adaptation. Psychiatric morbidity usually appears as anxiety disorders, such as panic disorder and generalised anxiety disorder, and as depressive disorders. However, there are very few data on the prevalence and aetiology of such psychiatric symptoms in patients with MG, and those available in the literature are generally from old studies with poor methodology. The interaction between MG and psychiatric disorders needs to be appreciated, especially in the primary care setting, since the symptoms may overlap. MG may be under-recognised initially because the psychiatric symptoms may coincide with those of the actual disease, such as fatigue, lack of energy and shortness of breath. On the other hand, co-morbid psychiatric symptoms that appear during the course of the illness may be misdiagnosed as true myasthenic symptoms; thus, leading to unnecessary drug treatment. Differentiation of the aetiology of these symptoms might alter the treatment choice and, therefore, affect the treatment success rate and patients' well-being. Psychiatric treatments must be carefully planned because of the risk of aggravating the underling neurological disease. Even though there appears to be an intricate relationship between MG and psychiatric symptoms, there is very limited information on this subject. As such, prospective, randomised, controlled pharmaco/psychotherapy studies are needed to better direct the management of patients and, thus, improve quality of life during the course of the illness. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Acute gastroenteritis in children role of anti-emetic medication for gastroenteritis-related vomiting$$$ Acute gastroenteritis is associated with significant morbidity in developed countries and each year is the cause of death of several million children in developing countries. Acute gastroenteritis is usually self-limiting. Oral rehydration therapy (ORT) is effective and successful in the majority of patients. Vomiting is common at the outset of viral gastroenteritis and can limit the effectiveness of ORT. Treatment with newer anti-emetic medications has been reported to facilitate ORT and to minimize the risk of dehydration and the need for intravenous hydration and hospitalization. The role of anti-emetic medications in the treatment of gastroenteritis-related vomiting is not clear. Some physicians agree with the use of anti-emetic medications because vomiting is unpleasant and distressing for the child and parents alike, and because vomiting can increase the likelihood of dehydration, electrolyte imbalance, and the need for intravenous hydration or hospitalization. Several surveys have shown that anti-emetic medications are commonly prescribed in the treatment of pediatric gastroenteritis and that adverse events are uncommon. Efficacy studies of the newer anti-emetic medications are now available and reveal that some are effective and help facilitate ORT. Other physicians disagree with the use of anti-emetic medications because acute gastroenteritis is a self-limiting condition, vomiting might help rid the body of toxic substances, there was previously a relative lack of published evidence of clinical benefit, and there are potential adverse events associated with the use of an anti-emetic medication. Anti-emetic medications that are currently available include ondansetron, granisetron, tropisetron, dolasetron, ramosetron, promethazine, dimenhydrinate, metoclopramide, domperidone, droperidol, prochlorperazine, and trimethobenzamide. Randomized, placebo-controlled trials suggest that ondansetron is efficacious and superior to other anti-emetic medications in the treatment of gastroenteritis-related vomiting. A recent double-blind clinical trial showed that a single oral dose of ondansetron reduces gastroenteritis- related vomiting and facilitates ORT without significant adverse events. Ondansetron shows promise as a first-line anti-emetic, and judicious use of this agent might increase the success of ORT, minimize the need for intravenous therapy and hospitalization, and reduce healthcare costs. Ondansetron should be considered in situations where vomiting hinders ORT, but a larger randomized, placebo-controlled trial is necessary before the medication can be routinely recommended for the treatment of gastroenteritis-related vomiting in children. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cannabinoids as therapeutic agents in cardiovascular disease: A tale of passions and illusions$$$ In addition to their classical known effects, such as analgesia, impairment of cognition and learning and appetite enhancement, cannabinoids have also been related to the regulation of cardiovascular responses and implicated in cardiovascular pathology. Elevated levels of endocannabinoids have been related to the extreme hypotension associated with various forms of shock as well as to the cardiovascular abnormalities that accompany cirrhosis. In contrast, cannabinoids have also been associated with beneficial effects on the cardiovascular system, such as a protective role in atherosclerosis progression and in cerebral and myocardial ischaemia. In addition, it has also been suggested that the pharmacological manipulation of the endocannabinoid system may offer a novel approach to antihypertensive therapy. During the last decades, the tremendous increase in the understanding of the molecular basis of cannabinoid activity has encouraged many pharmaceutical companies to develop more potent synthetic cannabinoid analogues and antagonists, leading to an explosion of basic research and clinical trials. Consequently. not only the synthetic THC dronabinol (Marinol) and the synthetic THC analogue nabilone (Cesamet) have been approved in the United States, but also the standardized cannabis extract (Sativex) in Canada. At least three strategies can be foreseen in the future clinical use of cannabinoid-based drugs: (a) the use of CB 1 receptor antagonists, such as the recently approved rimonabant (b) the use of CB2-selective agonists, and (c) the use of inhibitors of endocannabinoid degradation. In this context, the present review examines the effects of cannabinoids and of the pharmacological manipulation of the endocannabinoid system, in cardiovascular pathophysiology. © 2007 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treating fatigue$$$ Fatigue is recognized as one of the most disabling and common symptoms of MS. However, no universal consensus has been reached regarding a formal definition for fatigue, and its mechanisms and causes are not understood. This review summarizes important research in this field and recommends a multidisciplinary approach to managing MS patients with fatigue. Such an approach should include proven pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical treatments. ER  - 
Topiramate or valproate in patients with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: A randomized open-label comparison$$$ Few randomized, controlled trials evaluating antiepileptic drug (AED) efficacy and tolerability have focused solely on patients with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME). We conducted a pilot, randomized controlled trial comparing topiramate (N = 19) and valproate (N = 9) in adolescents/adults with JME to evaluate clinical response when these broad-spectrum agents are titrated to optimal effect. Rating scales were used to systematically assess tolerability. Among patients completing 26 weeks of treatment, 8 of 12 (67%) in the topiramate group and 4 of 7 (57%) in the valproate group were seizure-free during the 12-week maintenance period. Median daily dose was 250 mg topiramate or 750 mg valproate. Two (11%) topiramate-treated patients and one (11%) valproate-treated patient discontinued due to adverse events. Systemic toxicity scores, but not neurotoxicity scores, differed substantially between the two groups; greater systemic toxicity was associated with valproate. Our preliminary findings that topiramate may be an effective, well-tolerated alternative to valproate warrant validation in a double-blind trial. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A randomized, controlled trial of postoperative adjuvant interferon therapy after resection of hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ OBJECTIVE: We conducted a randomized controlled trial of adjuvant interferon therapy in patients with predominantly hepatitis B-related hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) to investigate whether the prognosis after hepatic resection could be improved. SUMMARY BACKGROUND DATA: Recurrence is common after hepatic resection for HCC. Interferon possesses antiviral, immunomodulatory, antiproliferative, and antiangiogenic effects and may be an effective form of adjuvant therapy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Since February 1999, patients with no residual disease after hepatic resection for HCC were randomly assigned with stratification by pTNM stage to receive no treatment (control group), interferon alpha-2b 10 MIU/m (IFN-I group) or 30 MIU/m (IFN-II group) thrice weekly for 16 weeks. Enrollment to the IFN-II group was terminated from January 2000 because adverse effects resulted in treatment discontinuation in the first 6 patients. By June 2002, 40 patients each had been enrolled into the control group and IFN-I group. The baseline clinical, laboratory, and tumor characteristics of both groups were comparable. RESULTS: The 1- and 5-year survival rates were 85% and 61%, respectively, for the control group and 97% and 79%, respectively, for the IFN-I group (P = 0.137). After adjusting for the confounding prognostic factors in a Cox model, the relative risk of death for interferon treatment was 0.42 (95% CI, 0.17-1.05; P = 0.063). Exploratory subset analysis showed that adjuvant interferon had no survival benefit for pTNM stage I/II tumor (5-year survival 90% in both groups; P = 0.917) but prevented early recurrence and improved the 5-year survival of patients with stage III/IVA tumor from 24% to 68% (P = 0.038). CONCLUSION: In a group of patients with predominantly hepatitis B-related HCC, adjuvant interferon therapy showed a trend for survival benefit, primarily in those with pTNM stage III/IVA tumors. Further larger randomized trials stratified for stage are needed. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Update on pharmacotherapy guidelines for treatment of neuropathic pain$$$ Neuropathic pain encompasses a myriad of painful disease states that are often hard to treat, especially with one single medication. In the comprehensive treatment of neuropathic pain, the concept of complex polypharmacy is a rational approach, accompanied by physical and mental health therapies. Medications primarily used for neuropathic pain generally fall into the categories of anticonvulsants, antidepressants, opioids, and topical agents. Generally, most first-line medications used today show a response rate of approximately 30% to 50% reduction in pain in up to 50% of patients treated. There is no "gold standard" in regard to one medication for neuropathic pain. Some new medications have emerged during the past few years that help to augment the armamentarium of medications used in neuropathic pain. This paper reviews the definition of neuropathic pain and introduces the reader to the evidence-based literature on these new medications available for the treatment of neuropathic pain. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Sleep and sex: What can go wrong? A review of the literature on sleep related disorders and abnormal sexual behaviors and experiences$$$ Study Objectives: To formulate the first classification of sleep related disorders and abnormal sexual behaviors and experiences. Design: A computerized literature search was conducted, and other sources, such as textbooks, were searched. Results: Many categories of sleep related disorders were represented in the classification: parasomnias (confusional arousals/sleepwalking, with or without obstructive sleep apnea; REM sleep behavior disorder); sleep related seizures; Kleine-Levin syndrome (KLS); severe chronic insomnia; restless legs syndrome; narcolepsy; sleep exacerbation of persistent sexual arousal syndrome; sleep related painful erections; sleep related dissociative disorders; nocturnal psychotic disorders; miscellaneous states. Kleine-Levin syndrome (78 cases) and parasomnias (31 cases) were most frequently reported. Parasomnias and sleep related seizures had overlapping and divergent clinical features. Thirty-one cases of parasomnias (25 males; mean age, 32 years) and 7 cases of sleep related seizures (4 males; mean age, 38 years) were identified. A full range of sleep related sexual behaviors with self and/or bed partners or others were reported, including masturbation, sexual vocalizations, fondling, sexual intercourse with climax, sexual assault/rape, ictal sexual hyperarousal, ictal orgasm, and ictal automatism. Adverse physical and/or psychosocial effects from the sleepsex were present in all parasomnia and sleep related seizure cases, but pleasurable effects were reported by 5 bed partners and by 3 patients with sleep related seizures. Forensic consequences were common, occurring in 35.5% (11/31) of parasomnia cases, with most (9/11) involving minors. All parasomnias cases reported amnesia for the sleep-sex, in contrast to 28.6% (2/7) of sleep related seizure cases. Polysomnography (without penile tumescence monitoring), performed in 26 of 31 parasomnia cases, documented sexual moaning from slow wave sleep in 3 cases and sexual intercourse during stage 1 sleep/wakefulness in one case (with sex provoked by the bed partner). Confusional arousals (CAs) were diagnosed as the cause of 'sleepsex' ("sexsomnia") in 26 cases (with obstructive sleep apnea [OSA] comorbidity in 4 cases), and sleepwalking in 2 cases, totaling 90.3% (28/31) of cases being NREM sleep parasomnias. REM behavior disorder was the presumed cause in the other 3 cases. Bedtime clonazepam therapy was effective in 90% (9/10) of treated parasomnia cases; nasal continuous positive airway pressure therapy was effective in controlling comorbid OSA and CAs in both treated cases. All five treated patients with sleep related sexual seizures responded to anticonvulsant therapy. The hypersexuality in KLS, which was twice as common in males compared to females, had no reported effective therapy. Conclusions: A broad range of sleep related disorders associated with abnormal sexual behaviors and experiences exists, with major clinical and forensic consequences. ER  - 
The incidence of first provoked and unprovoked seizure in pediatric patients with and without psychiatric diagnoses$$$ Purpose: To estimate the rate of new-onset afebrile provoked and unprovoked seizure in a general pediatric population and subgroups of patients with and without psychiatric diagnoses other than attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Methods: A retrospective cohort study of 133,440 pediatric patients, between the ages of 6 and 17 years, and without history of seizure or prior use of anticonvulsant medications, with follow-up during 2003. The data source for this study was Ingenix's research database containing pharmacy and medical claims for members of a large US-based managed care organization. The main outcome measure was new-onset nonfebrile seizure. Incidence rates of seizure and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated and expressed as rates per 100,000 person-years. Results: There were 132 new-onset provoked and unprovoked seizures in 78,423 person-years of follow-up among the general pediatric population sample. The incidence rate of seizure among the general pediatric population was 168 per 100,000 p-y (95% CI 141-200). The incidence rate of seizure among patients without psychiatric diagnoses was 149 per 100,000 p-y (95% CI 122-180). The incidence rate of seizure among patients with psychiatric diagnoses other than ADHD was 513 per 100,000 p-y (95% CI 273-878). There were increases in the incidence rates of seizure in all of the seizure risk factor groups, but this was more pronounced among males ages 6-12 with psychiatric diagnoses. Conclusions: The results of this study are consistent with previous reports showing that pediatric patients with psychiatric disorders have a higher incidence rate of seizure than the general pediatric population. © 2007 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Current Medical Therapy for Chronic Inflammatory Bowel Diseases$$$ Chronic idiopathic inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) include Crohn's disease (CD), ulcerative colitis (UC), and colonic IBD type unclassified (IBDU). This article focuses upon currrent medical therapies for adult CD and UC, and is organized according to therapy for the corresponding disease type, stage, and severity. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Review of case reports of inadvertent intrathecal administration of vincristine: Recommendations to reduce occurrence$$$ Vincristine has been in clinical use for over 40 years with initial publication of the results from successful trials in 1962. Catastrophic neurotoxicity has been associated with the administration of vincristine directly into the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). Since the first case in 1968 there have been numerous other instances, of which 23 have been reported in the literature. Of these cases 18 resulted in death. The most prominent damage on autopsy was generally in the spinal cord, brain stem and cerebellum, with severity tending to be greater in the neurons adjacent to the CSF. Fatalities appeared due to a progressive ascending myeloencephalopathy. Early recognition and immediate treatment with CSF drainage and intrathecal exchange appears to be the only intervention that has improved patient survival. The volume of injection, dose and time from the incident until the ventriculo-lumbar washout appear critical, as these factors might contribute to the extent of drug distribution in the CNS. Although several antidotes for vincristine have been suggested, including folinic acid and glutamic acid, supportive evidence for their effectiveness is scant. Several recommendations regarding prevention of this catastrophic event have been proposed. © 2007 The Authors; Journal Compilation © Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd. ER  - 
Modulators of small- and intermediate-conductance calcium-activated potassium channels and their therapeutic indications$$$ Calcium-activated potassium channels modulate calcium signaling cascades and membrane potential in both excitable and non-excitable cells. In this article we will review the physiological properties, the structure activity relationships of the existing peptide and small molecule modulators and the therapeutic importance of the three small-conductance channels KCa2.1-KCa2.3 (a.k.a. SK1-SK3) and the intermediate-conductance channel KCa3.1 (a.k.a. IKCal). The apamin-sensitive KCa2 channels contribute to the medium afterhyperpolarization and are crucial regulators of neuronal excitability. Based on behavioral studies with apamin and on observations made in several transgenic mouse models, KCa2 channels have been proposed as targets for the treatment of ataxia, epilepsy, memory disorders and possibly schizophrenia and Parkinson's disease. In contrast, KCa3.1 channels are found in lymphocytes, erythrocytes, fibroblasts, proliferating vascular smooth muscle cells, vascular endothelium and intestinal and airway epithelia and are therefore regarded as targets for various diseases involving these tissues. Since two classes of potent and selective small molecule KCa3.1 blocker, triarylmethanes and cyclohexadienes, have been identified, several of these postulates have already been validated in animal models. The triarylmethane ICA-17043 is currently in phase III clinical trials for sickle cell anemia while another triarylmethane, TRAM-34, has been shown to prevent vascular restenosis in rats and experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis in mice. Experiments showing that a cyclohexadiene KCa3.1 blocker reduces infarct volume in a rat subdural hematoma model further suggest KCa3.1 as a target for the treatment of traumatic and possibly ischemic brain injury. Taken together KCa2 and KCa3.1 channels constitute attractive new targets for several diseases that currently have no effective therapies. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of perianal fistula and abscess: Crohn's and non-Crohn's$$$ The management of perianal abscesses and fistulas is relatively straightforward in most cases and based on a sound knowledge of the anatomy of the anorectum and adherence to established medical and surgical principles. Asymptomatic fistulas should not be treated, whereas abscesses require surgical drainage under general anesthesia. Fistula treatment includes drainage of any associated sepsis and eradication of the fistula track to prevent recurrence while preserving sphincter integrity. A small percentage of anal abscesses and fistulas are complex and very challenging to manage, particularly in conditions such as rectovaginal fistulas and abscesses and/or fistulas complicating Crohn's disease. Treatment strategies in these situations rely on an accurate clinical assessment of the degree of rectal inflammation and perianal pathology. Treatment should combine aggressive medical therapy (antibiotics, immunomodulators, and anti-tumor necrosis factor antibody treatment) and minimal surgical interventions. Patients with proctitis have a significantly lower healing rate and a significantly higher complication rate with aggressive surgical interventions. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPE): An insight into the diagnostic errors from a Tertiary Care University Hospital$$$ Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPE) is a progressive disease caused by wild-type measles virus leading to premature death. Early diagnosis may help in medical interventions and counseling. The aim of this study was to ascertain diagnostic errors and their possible causes. Retrospective case record analysis of patients with subacute sclerosing panencephalitis, evaluated over a 10-year period, was performed. The following data were analyzed: initial symptoms and diagnosis, interval between onset of symptoms to diagnosis, and implications of delayed diagnosis. Among the 307 patients evaluated, initial diagnosis by various health care professionals was other than subacute sclerosing panencephalitis in 242 patients (78.8%). These included seizures, absence seizures, metachromatic leukodystrophy, Schilder's disease, cerebral palsy, hemiparkinsonism, Wilson's disease, vasculitis, spinocerebellar ataxia, motor neuron disease, nutritional amblyopia, tapetoretinal degeneration, catatonic schizophrenia, and malingering, among others. The interval between precise diagnosis and first reported symptom was 6.2 ± 11.3 months (range, 0.2-96 months; median, 3 months). Forty-four patients (14.3%) who had symptoms for more than 1 year before the precise diagnosis had a protracted course as compared to the rest of the cohort (P = .0001). Early and accurate diagnosis of subacute sclerosing panencephalitis needs a high index of suspicion. © 2007 Sage Publications. ER  - 
Topiramate monotherapy in newly diagnosed epilepsy in children and adolescents$$$ A double-blind, dose-controlled study evaluated topiramate as monotherapy in 470 patients with newly diagnosed (≤ 3 months) epilepsy or epilepsy relapse in the absence of therapy. In addition to having at least 2 lifetime-unprovoked seizures, patients had 1 or 2 partial-onset seizures or generalized-onset tonic-clonic seizures during a 3-month retrospective baseline. The trial included a large cohort (N = 151, 32%) of children and adolescents 6 to 15 years of age. Eligible patients were randomized to treatment groups in which topiramate was titrated to target maintenance dosages of either 400 mg/day (n = 77) or 50 mg/day (n = 74). Patients were followed for at least 6 months. Based on Kaplan-Meier analyses, the primary efficacy endpoint of time to first seizure favored the higher topiramate dose in both the overall population and the cohort of children/adolescents. The probability that children/adolescents remaining in the study were seizure free at 6 months was 78% in the 50-mg target dose group and 90% with the higher dose. At 12 months, the probability of being seizure free was 62% and 85%, respectively. The incidence of treatment-limiting adverse events was 4% in the 50-mg target dose group and 14% in the group assigned to 400 mg as a target dose. The most common adverse events, excluding typical childhood illnesses, were headache, appetite decrease, weight loss, somnolence, dizziness, concentration/attention difficulty, and paresthesia. As shown in this subset analysis, topiramate is effective and well tolerated as monotherapy in children and adolescents. © 2007 Sage Publications. ER  - 
The clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of treatments for children with idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome: A systematic review$$$ Objectives: To assess the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of treatments for children with idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome (SRNS). Data sources: Electronic databases from inception to February 2006, bibliographies of studies, and experts in the field. Review methods: Studies were selected, quality assessed and data were extracted using recognised methods agreed a priori. Meta-analysis was undertaken where appropriate using the random effects model. Where data allowed, subgroup analysis was undertaken according to renal histopathology. Results: Two systematic reviews and 11 trials were included in the clinical effectiveness review; however, the quality of reporting and methodology of the included studies was generally poor. No economic evaluations were identified. No statistically significant difference in remission rates was found between cyclophosphamide plus prednisone and prednisone alone for all children or those with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS), also the time to response was statistically significantly less with cyclophosphamide (38.4 days versus 95.5 days). Remission rates were not statistically significantly different between intravenous and oral cyclophosphamide. Vomiting was common with intravenous cyclophosphamide, while pneumonia and alopecia occurred in the oral group. Ciclosporin statistically significantly increased the number of children with complete remission compared with placebo or supportive treatment, but not for the FSGS subgroup, adverse effects including infection and hypertension differed little between groups. No differences were found between azathioprine and placebo, with about 13% of each group having remission. Complete or partial remission occurred in six out of seven patients on the 18-month methylprednisolone regimen and three out of five patients on the 6-month regimen, for both groups renal function improved and adverse events such as hypertension and frequent infections occurred. Intravenous dexamethasone and methylprednisolone produced similar complete remission rates, partial remission rates, median time to response (about 10 days) and total number of adverse events, with hypertension as the most common. Six-hour urinary albumin and urinary albumin to creatinine ratio decreased statistically significantly with high-dose but not low-dose enalapril. Tuna fish oil was not associated with any statistically significant improvements in proteinuria, creatinine clearance, serum creatinine or lipid profiles compared with placebo. A very limited literature was found on costs associated with SRNS in children. The pharmaceutical cost of treatment varied considerably: an 8-week course of cyclophosphamide cost less than £6, while a course of ciclosporin cost almost £900 per year. Treatment with tacrolimus, an alternative to ciclosporin, was estimated to cost in excess of £3400 per year. Healthcare medical management costs were estimated; varying by treatment strategy, they ranged from £250 to £930 per year in patients not experiencing complications. Other longer term costs may also be incurred. Lack of data meant that cost-effectiveness modelling was not feasible. Conclusions: The clinical effectiveness literature on treatments for idiopathic SRNS in children is very limited. The available evidence suggests a beneficial effect of ciclosporin on remission rates and of cyclophosphamide on time to remission; however, the strength of the conclusions drawn is limited by the poor quality of the included studies. The other treatments included in this review were each evaluated by only one study, and none found a statistically significant effect. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether or not there is a clinically significant difference. The available data on costs and outcomes are sparse and do not permit the reliable modelling of the cost-effectiveness of treatments for SRNS at present. A modelling framework is suggested, should more relevant data become available. A well-designed adequately powered randomised controlled trial comparing ciclosporin with other treatments in children with SRNS without genetic mutation is required. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2007. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of combination therapy with peginterferon alfa-2a (40kD) and ribavirin in the outpatient setting: Prospective analysis of 197 patients with chronic hepatitis C viral infection$$$ Objectives - Combination therapy using peginterferon alfa-2a (40 kD) plus ribavirin achieves viral eradication in nearly 60% of patients with chronic hepatitis C viral infection. However, because of the numerous side effects, use of the combination regimen might be restricted for patients consulting private practitioners specialized in hepatogastroenterology. Patients and method - Conducted in this specific context, this prospective clinical trial investigated the safety and efficacy of combination therapy in 197 patients. Therapy was given in compliance with the recommendations of the French consensus conference on hepatitis C treatment. Results - Commonly reported adverse effects were noted in 90% of patients, most occurring during the first three months, with a stable prevalence thereafter and resolution after treatment end. The most frequent adverse events were asthenia (35 to 37.5% according to the treatment group pruritus (25 to 26.3%) and flu-like syndrome (19 to 21.7%). A depressive syndrome was reported in 20 to 21% of patients. Grade 4 neutropenia was exceptional and never led to severe infections. At intent-to-treat analysis, the rate of sustained virological response was 54.8% for the entire population. It was 71.1% for patients with genotypes 2 or 3 (mainly treated for 24 weeks) and 44.6% for patients with genotype 1 (all treated 48 weeks). Conclusion - The characteristic features of combination therapy observed in the context of private hepatogastroenterology consultations are similar to those observed in randomized clinical trials. © 2007. Elsevier Masson SAS. ER  - 
Escitalopram ingestions reported to Texas poison control centers, 2002-2005$$$ Limited information exists on potentially adverse escitalopram ingestions reported to poison control centers. Using isolated escitalopram ingestions reported to Texas poison control centers during 2002-2005, the proportion of cases involving serious medical outcomes was determined for selected variables and evaluated for statistical significance by calculating the rate ratio (RR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Of 1179 cases identified, 234 (20%) involved serious outcomes. Serious outcomes were significantly more likely to occur with a maximum dose of >100 mg (RR 4.69, CI 2.52-9.29) or >5 tablets (RR 4.96, CI 2.94-8.93), where the circumstances of the exposures involved self-harm or malicious intent (RR 3.21, CI 2.42-4.29), or when the patient was already at or en route to a health care facility when the poison control center was contacted (RR 7.88, CI 4.31-15.79) or referred to a health care facility by the poison control center (RR 15.91, CI 8.78-31.64). The severity of the outcome associated with isolated escitalopram ingestions depended on the dose and the circumstances of the ingestion. The management of patients with serious outcomes were more likely to involve health care facilities. Such information is useful for "creating triage guidelines for the management of escitalopram ingestions. © 2007 SAGE Publications. ER  - 
New therapies in the treatment of renal cell carcinoma$$$ Metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) is a disease historically resistant to systemic cancer therapies. For several decades, the biological agents interferon and interleukin were the only available options, but they were fairly toxic and had low efficacy. However, the past several years have witnessed the introduction of novel effective therapies that have radically changed the treatment of metastastic and recurrent RCC. We review the already approved novel agents and discuss therapies in late-stage clinical trials. Copyright © 2007 Prous science. ER  - 
Zonisamide. No advantage in refractory partial epilepsy$$$ • The first-line treatment for patients with partial epilepsy is carbamazepine monotherapy. Second-line options include monotherapy with valproic acid, gabapentin, lamotrigine or oxcarbazepine. Other antiepileptics are also available for combination therapy of refractory partial epilepsy. • Zonisamide is a sulphonamide derivative that inhibits carbonic anhydrase; it resembles topiramate, a drug already approved for use for this indication in the European Union. • The main clinical trial, a doubleblind study lasting 36 weeks, compared the addition of zonisamide or placebo to ongoing treatment in 351 patients with refractory partial epilepsy. The "response rate" (the proportion of patients with at least a 50% reduction in the frequency of seizures) was significantly higher with zonisamide plus the previous treatment than with placebo plus the previous treatment (46.6% versus 17.6%). An indirect comparison suggests that this is no better than treatment with a second-line antiepileptic drug. • Results of three other placebo-controlled trials of third-line combinations in a total of 499 patients treated for 12 weeks were similar. • The main adverse effects of zonisamide are those typically seen with topiramate: neuropsychological disorders and disorders due to carbonic anhydrase inhibition (kidney stones, reduced perspiration, and hyperthermia). There are various other adverse effects, including a risk of severe skin rash. • The profile of interactions is complex. There is a risk of pharmacokinetic interactions, and of pharmacodynamic interactions with other carbonic anhydrase inhibitors. • In France, treatment with zonisamide costs nearly 20 times more than treatment with carbamazepine or valproic acid. • Zonisamide has no therapeutic advantages over other antiepileptics available for combination therapy of partial epilepsy. © Review prepared and translated by the Prescrire Editorial Staff. ER  - 
Flax and flaxseed oil (Linum usitatissimum): A review by the Natural Standard Research Collaboration$$$ The objective of this study was to evaluate the scientific evidence on flaxseed, including expert opinion, folkloric precedent, history, pharmacology, kinetics/dynamics, interactions, adverse effects, toxicology, and dosing. Electronic searches were conducted in 9 databases, 20 additional journals (not indexed in common databases), and bibliographies from 50 selected secondary references. No restrictions were placed on the language or quality of the publications. All literature collected pertained to efficacy in humans, dosing, precautions, adverse effects, use in pregnancy/lactation, interactions, alteration of laboratory assays, and mechanisms of action. Standardized inclusion/exclusion criteria are used for selection. Grades were assigned using an evidence-based grading rationale. A review of the literature on flaxseed yielded 13 categories for which flaxseed had been studied in humans, including constipation/laxative, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, hyperlipidemia, atherosclerosis/coronary artery disease, breast cancer, cyclic mastalgia (breast pain), menopausal symptoms, hyperglycemia/diabetes, hypertension, lupus nephritis, human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immune deficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS), and prostate cancer. Most of the available evidence investigates the efficacy of alpha-linoleic acid found in flaxseed compared with fish oil, and almost all of the available studies are poor quality. Although flaxseed and flaxseed oil have several promising future uses, the available literature does not support recommendation for any condition at this time. ER  - 
Clinical pharmacokinetics of atypical antipsychotics: A critical review of the relationship between plasma concentrations and clinical response$$$ In the past, the information about the dose-clinical effectiveness of typical antipsychotics was not complete and this led to the risk of extrapyramidal adverse effects. This, together with the intention of improving patients' quality of life and therapeutic compliance, resulted in the development of atypical or second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs). This review will concentrate on the pharmacokinetics and metabolism of clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, amisulpride, ziprasidone, aripiprazole and sertindole, and will discuss the main aspects of their pharmacodynamics. In psychopharmacology, therapeutic drug monitoring studies have generally concentrated on controlling compliance and avoiding adverse effects by keeping long-term exposure to the minimal effective blood concentration. The rationale for using therapeutic drug monitoring in relation to SGAs is still a matter of debate, but there is growing evidence that it can improve efficacy, especially when patients do not respond to therapeutic doses or when they develop adverse effects. Here, we review the literature concerning the relationships between plasma concentrations of SGAs and clinical responses by dividing the studies on the basis of the length of their observation periods. Studies with clozapine evidenced a positive relationship between plasma concentrations and clinical response, with a threshold of 350-420 ng/mL associated with good clinical response. The usefulness of therapeutic drug monitoring is well established because high plasma concentrations of clozapine can increase the risk of epileptic seizures. Plasma clozapine concentrations seem to be influenced by many factors such as altered cytochrome P450 1A4 activity, age, sex and smoking. The pharmacological effects of risperidone depend on the sum of the plasma concentrations of risperidone and its 9-hydroxyrisperidone metabolite, so monitoring the plasma concentrations of the parent compound alone can lead to erroneous interpretations. Despite a large variability in plasma drug concentrations, the lack of studies using fixed dosages, and discrepancies in the results, it seems that monitoring the plasma concentrations of the active moiety may be useful. However, no therapeutic plasma concentration range for risperidone has yet been clearly established. A plasma threshold concentration for parkinsonian side effects has been found to be 74 ng/mL. Moreover, therapeutic drug monitoring may be particularly useful in the switch between the oral and the long-acting injectable form. The reviewed studies on olanzapine strongly indicate a relationship between clinical outcomes and plasma concentrations. Olanzapine therapeutic drug monitoring can be considered very useful in assessing therapeutic efficacy and controlling adverse events. A therapeutic range of 20-50 ng/mL has been found. There is little evidence in favour of the existence of a relationship between plasma quetiapine concentrations and clinical responses, and an optimal therapeutic range has not been identified. Positron emission tomography studies of receptor blockade indicated a discrepancy between the time course of receptor occupancy and plasma quetiapine concentrations. The value of quetiapine plasma concentration monitoring in clinical practice is still controversial. Preliminary data suggested that a therapeutic plasma amisulpride concentration of 367 ng/mL was associated with clinical improvement. A therapeutic range of 100-400 ng/mL is proposed from non-systematic clinical experience. There is no direct evidence concerning optimal plasma concentration ranges of ziprasidone, aripiprazole or sertindole. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Phenotypic plasticity and the epigenetics of human disease$$$ It is becoming clear that epigenetic changes are involved in human disease as well as during normal development. A unifying theme of disease epigenetics is defects in phenotypic plasticity - cells' ability to change their behaviour in response to internal or external environmental cues. This model proposes that hereditary disorders of the epigenetic apparatus lead to developmental defects, that cancer epigenetics involves disruption of the stem-cell programme, and that common diseases with late-onset phenotypes involve interactions between the epigenome, the genome and the environment. Increased understanding of epigenetic-disease mechanisms could lead to disease-risk stratification for targeted intervention and to targeted therapies. ©2007 Nature Publishing Group. ER  - 
Controversies and misconceptions in malaria chemoprophylaxis for travelers$$$ Context: Controversies in malaria prevention arise from the absence of data, conflicting data between different studies, conflicting recommendations, deviation of local practice from scientific data, and varying risk thresholds. Misconceptions about the seriousness of malaria, the tolerability of chemoprophylaxis drugs, and the efficacy and safety of repellents contribute to the controversies. Objectives: To compare several national guidelines on malaria chemoprophylaxis to identify variations in recommendations. We reviewed studies on tolerability of mefloquine with particular focus on its neuropsychiatric adverse effects and influence on performance. We also describe why most recommended chemoprophylactic regimens fail to prevent relapses of Plasmodium vivax malaria and review available options. Evidence Acquisition: We searched scientific publications in MEDLINE via PubMED for relevant articles with a cutoff date of December 2006 using the search terms malaria, chemoprophylaxis, travel, mefloquine, neuropsychiatric adverse events, tolerability, vivax malaria, and primaquine. Additional references were obtained from bibliographies of the selected articles. There were no language restrictions. Evidence Synthesis: Gaps and conflicts exist among current guidelines. Health authorities vary in the chemoprophylaxis drugs they recommend, the indications for continuous prophylaxis vs no prophylaxis, and the use of standby emergency treatment. Despite widespread reports on the adverse effects of mefloquine, controlled studies found that serious neuropsychiatric adverse events occur at rates comparable with or lower than other chemoprophylaxis drugs. Moreover, mefloquine does not appear to impair performance while driving, flying, or diving. Vivax malaria causes significant illness in travelers, but current first-line chemoprophylaxis agents do not prevent relapses of vivax malaria. Although not licensed in most countries as primary prophylaxis, primaquine effectively prevents relapses of vivax malaria. Conclusions: Prevention of malaria in travelers requires detailed knowledge of malaria epidemiology and host-vector-parasite interactions. Decisions are complicated by a lack of standardized recommendations, controversies, and misconceptions. Improved international consensus is indicated to minimize conflicting guidelines, clarify controversies, and promote adherence to preventive measures. ©2007 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety review of the purified chick embryo cell rabies vaccine: Data from the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), 1997-2005$$$ On October 20, 1997, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) licensed Purified Chick Embryo Cell (PCEC, RabAvert®) vaccine against rabies in humans following clinical trials demonstrating safety and efficacy. From October 1997 through December 2005, the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) received 336 reports of adverse events (AEs) following vaccination with PCEC vaccine in the U.S.; there were no death reports. Serious events, including 20 hospitalizations and 13 neurological events, were described in 24 (7%) reports. There was no pattern among the 13 neurological AEs suggesting a plausible relationship to vaccination. A total of 20 AEs, 3 serious, were classified as possible anaphylaxis. There were 312 non-serious AEs (93%). Nineteen reports (6%) described that the vaccination series was discontinued because of non-serious AEs. Most reported AEs are non-serious and consistent with pre-licensure safety data. The rabies risk must be carefully considered before vaccine discontinuation. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Randomized trial of an allogeneic melanoma lysate vaccine with low-dose interferon alfa-2b compared with high-dose interferon alfa-2b for resected stage III cutaneous melanoma$$$ Purpose: To compare the overall survival (OS) of patients with resected stage III melanoma administered active specific immunotherapy and low-dose interferon alfa-2b (IFN-α-2b) with the OS achieved using high-dose IFN-α-2b. Patients and Methods: An Ad Hoc Melanoma Working Group of 25 investigators treated 604 patients from April 1997 to January 2003. Patients were stratified by sex and number of nodes and were randomly assigned to receive either 2 years of treatment with active specific immunotherapy with allogeneic melanoma lysates and low-dose IFN-α-2b (arm 1) or high-dose IFN-α-2b alone for 1 year (arm 2). Active specific immunotherapy was injected subcutaneously (SC) weekly for 4 weeks, at week 8, and bimonthly thereafter. IFN-α-2b SC was begun on week 4 and continued thrice weekly at 5 MU/m 2 for 2 years. IFN-α-2b in arm 2 was administered according to the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group 1684 study regimen. Results: Median follow-up time was 32 months for all patients and 42 months for surviving patients. Median OS time exceeds 84 months in arm 1 and is 83 months in arm 2 (P = .56). Five-year OS rate is 61 % in arm 1 and 57% in arm 2. Estimated 5-year relapse-free survival (RFS) rate is 50% in arm 1 and 48% in arm 2, with median RFS times of 58 and 50 months, respectively. The incidence of serious adverse events as a result of treatment was the same in both arms, but more severe neuropsychiatric toxicity was seen in arm 2. Conclusion: OS and RFS achieved by active specific immunotherapy and low-dose IFN-α-2b were indistinguishable from those achieved by high-dose IFN-α-2b. Long RFS and OS times were observed in both treatment arms. © 2007 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Acute pain pharmacotherapy$$$ Millions of people in the United States undergo surgery or are injured each year. Yet, for people from all different backgrounds and in various stages of life, as well as those with underlying medical conditions, the treatment of pain is less than ideal. This issue reflects deeply seated issues pertaining to all levels of the health care system and society. Furthermore, undertreated pain has important clinical, economic, and human outcomes. Effects include increased catabolic demand, decreased movement, cough suppression, and shallow breathing; increased use of medical resources; and reduced health-related quality of life (including diminished physical functioning). Evidence indicates that cellular and molecular changes seen in chronic pain begin to appear with the initial injury, supporting the observation that undertreated acute pain is a risk factor for chronic pain and that acute and chronic pain exist on a continuum. The systematic undertreatment of pain represents a public health crisis in this country. While all health care professionals must have knowledge of the tools used to help treat pain, pharmacists have a particularly significant role because they are highly visible and accessible members of the health care team. The purpose of this article is to review clinical issues related to the pharmacotherapy of acute pain that community-based pharmacists are likely to encounter. Before the pharmacotherapy of acute pain is discussed, it is important to ensure the use of a common language to help avoid the impassioned and often mistaken use of vocabulary that contributes to existing pain management obstacles. ER  - 
Inflammatory bowel disease: clinical aspects and established and evolving therapies$$$ Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis are two idiopathic inflammatory bowel disorders. In this paper we discuss the current diagnostic approach, their pathology, natural course, and common complications, the assessment of disease activity, extraintestinal manifestations, and medical and surgical management, and provide diagnostic and therapeutic algorithms. We critically review the evidence for established (5-aminosalicylic acid compounds, corticosteroids, immunomodulators, calcineurin inhibitors) and emerging novel therapies-including biological therapies-directed at cytokines (eg, infliximab, adalimumab, certolizumab pegol) and receptors (eg, visilizumab, abatacept) involved in T-cell activation, selective adhesion molecule blockers (eg, natalizumab, MLN-02, alicaforsen), anti-inflammatory cytokines (eg, interleukin 10), modulation of the intestinal flora (eg, antibiotics, prebiotics, probiotics), leucocyte apheresis and many more monoclonal antibodies, small molecules, recombinant growth factors, and MAP kinase inhibitors targeting various inflammatory cells and pathways. Finally, we summarise the practical aspects of standard therapies including dosing, precautions, and side-effects. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment strategies for co-occurring ADHD and substance use disorders$$$ Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common co-occurring mental disorder among patients with substance use disorders (SUD). Clinicians must be cognizant of the complicated nature of diagnosis and treatment of ADHD when comorbid with SUD. Pharmacotherapy remains the mainstay of treatment for ADHD, although complementary psychotherapeutic approaches have been developed. Psychostimulant medications are the most commonly used medications to treat ADHD, but many clinicians are reluctant to prescribe stimulants to patients with SUD. Recommendations for treatment planning and clinical management for patients with co-occurring ADHD and SUD are discussed. Copyright © American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry. ER  - 
Comorbidity in children with epilepsy. I: Behaviour problems, ADHD and intelligence$$$ A search of the literature of studies on comorbidity in children with idiopathic and cryptogenic epilepsy revealed very few prospective longitudinal studies. The tendency was that children with epilepsy had a greater prevalence of comorbidity than healthy children, but more prospective longitudinal studies are needed to show the exact prevalence, grade and character. Behaviour problems seem to occur before the children have seizures, i.e. the behaviour problem seems to exist before the onset of epileptic seizures. There was no sound evidence for the prevalence of comorbidity in the form of ADHD. Children with epilepsy seem to have normal IQ. ER  - 
Update on drugs for hyperactivity in childhood$$$ In 2001, we concluded that methylphenidate or dexamfetamine can be useful adjunctive therapy for children with severe hyperactivity in whom non-drug approaches alone have been inadequate. Since then, ▼atomoxetine (pronounced a-toe-moks-e-teen; Strattera - Lilly) and three modified-release formulations of methylphenidate have been launched for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Here we reconsider drugs for ADHD in childhood, focusing on the newer products. ER  - 
What is a mood stabilizer?$$$ The concept of mood stability is attractive to both patients and clinicians alike, and hence the term 'mood stabilizer' has widespread currency. However, its worldwide acceptance and use in clinical practice is at odds with the absence of official recognition by regulatory authorities. The ideal mood stabilizer is said to have efficacy in the treatment of acute manic and depressive episodes, and also be effective in the prevention of recurrences. However, in reality, few drugs with perhaps the exception of lithium, come close to this gold standard; yet many agents aspire to the title, and some have arguably achieved it prematurely. It is, therefore, important to reconsider the definition of a mood stabilizer and critically review which agents, if any, satisfy the necessary eligibility requirements by reference to reasonable criteria and comparator data. The term mood stabilizer is an important label. It needs to be applied judiciously because it confers clinical credibility and qualifies long-term use in maintenance and prophylaxis. It is also important with respect to developing guidelines for treatment and the further development of novel agents. Most importantly, however, it is a term that is innately appealing because of what it promises: for this reason alone it should encompass only those agents that can deliver. © 2006 Cambridge University Press. ER  - 
Epilepsy in patients with brain tumours: epidemiology, mechanisms, and management$$$ Epilepsy is common in patients with brain tumours and can substantially affect daily life, even if the tumour is under control. Several factors affect the mechanism of seizures in brain tumours, including tumour type, tumour location, and peritumoral and genetic changes. Prophylactic use of antiepileptic drugs is not recommended, and potential interactions between antiepileptic and chemotherapeutic agents persuades against the use of enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs. Multidrug-resistance proteins prevent the access of antiepileptic drugs into brain parenchyma, which partly explains why seizures are frequently refractory to treatment. Lamotrigine, valproic acid, and topiramate are first-line treatments of choice; if insufficient, add-on treatment with levetiracetam or gabapentin can be recommended. On the basis of clinical studies, we prefer to start treatment with valproic acid, adding levetiracetam if necessary. Risks of cognitive side-effects with antiepileptic drugs can add to previous damage by surgery or radiotherapy, and therefore appropriate choice and dose of antiepileptic drug is crucial. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Oxcarbazepine improves mood in patients with epilepsy$$$ This study prospectively examined whether continued add-on treatment with oxcarbazepine (OXC) is associated with quantitative improvement in mood and anxiety symptoms in adult patients with partial epilepsy. Depressive symptoms and anxiety were assessed by clinical interview using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), the Cornell Dysthymia Rating Scale (CDRS), the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HARS). Forty controls (patients with epilepsy treated with antiepileptic drugs other than OXC) and 40 OXC-treated patients were enrolled and completed the study. In our study, a significant improvement in affect, as measured by the CDRS, was demonstrated during the course of OXC treatment for 3 months. HDRS and BDI scores also declined in the OXC-treated group, but these decreases did not reach statistical significance. In addition, 28 of 40 OXC-treated subjects who were dysthymic by CDRS criteria on study entry (score ≥20) demonstrated affective improvement consistent with a treatment-related antidepressant effect (score <20). Although our results do not provide conclusive evidence supporting the specific use of OXC as an antidepressant, the significant decline in dysthymic symptoms in OXC-treated subjects compared with controls lends support to the hypothesis that OXC improves mood. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychiatric disorders in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: A controlled study of 100 patients$$$ In this controlled study we evaluated the frequency of psychiatric disorders (PDs) in 100 patients with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME) and compared it with that of 100 healthy controls matched with respect to age, gender, schooling, and socioeconomic status. Our aim was to quantify the frequency of PDs and evaluate the relationship between PDs and factors related to epilepsy. Subjects were evaluated with the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Axis I disorders (SCID-I) and Axis II disorders (SCID-II). Patients with JME presented with significantly more PDs (P < 0.01) and psychosocial problems (P < 0.01) than the controls. PDs were diagnosed in 49 patients with JME. Anxiety and mood disorders, present in 23 and 19 patients, respectively, were the most frequently observed. Twenty patients fulfilled criteria for personality disorders; 17 (85%) patients had cluster B personalities comprising the behavioral characteristics impulsivity, humor reactivity, emotional instability, and difficulty in accepting social rules, similar to those cited in the earliest mentioned description of this syndrome. PDs were more frequently observed in patients with higher seizure frequency (P < 0.05). © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Slight improvement in mood and irritability after antiepileptic drug withdrawal: A controlled study in patients on monotherapy$$$ Objective: Most antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are considered to have effects on mood and to be effective in a number of affective disorders. There are, however, conflicting reports in the literature with respect to the psychotropic properties of AEDs. Many of the studies have a number of methodological problems, and much uncertainty still exists regarding the behavioral and mood effects of AEDs. The aim of this study was to assess, in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of seizure-free patients with epilepsy, the effect of withdrawal of AEDs in patients on monotherapy on measures of mood and behavior. Methods: One hundred fifteen subjects who had been seizure-free >2 years on drug monotherapy went through a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Each patient was included for 12 months or until seizure relapse. Behavioral function was assessed with the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory 2 (MMPI-2) at baseline and 7 months after withdrawal. Results: Discontinuation of AEDs resulted, to a greater extent than continued treatment, in a slight improvement in symptoms of depression and irritability. Comparable results were achieved in the subgroup taking carbamazepine. For patients with a high degree of depressive and somatic symptoms at baseline, no significant differences in symptoms emerged in the withdrawal group compared with the non-withdrawal group. Conclusion: The results suggest that seizure-free patients with epilepsy on monotherapy can obtain a slight improvement in symptoms characteristic of depression and irritability if they discontinue treatment with AEDs. The described changes are limited, and the functional impact is of uncertain significance. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Varenicline: A selective α4β2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor partial agonist approved for smoking cessation$$$ Tobacco smoking remains a significant health problem in the United States. It has been associated with staggering morbidity and mortality, specifically due to malignancies and cardiovascular disease. Smoking cessation can be difficult and frequently requires pharmacologic interventions in addition to nonpharmacologic measures. Previously available agents are nicotine replacement products and bupropion, which increased quit rates by about 2-fold compared with placebo. Varenicline is the first drug in a new class known as the selective α4β2 nicotinic receptor partial agonists. In several randomized, double-blind, 52-week clinical trials involving healthy chronic smokers, varenicline demonstrated superiority to placebo and bupropion in terms of efficacy measures. Additionally, it improved tobacco withdrawal symptoms and reinforcing effects of smoking in relapsed patients. Patients should start therapy in combination with tobacco cessation counseling 1 week before quit date and continue the regimen for 12 weeks. The dose of varenicline should be titrated to minimize nausea. The recommended dosage is 0.5 mg once daily (QD) on days 1-3; titrate to 0.5 mg twice daily (BID) on days 4-7; and 1 mg BID starting on day 8. An additional 12-week maintenance therapy may be considered for those who achieve abstinence. The most common side effects are nausea (30%), insomnia (18%), headache (15%), abnormal dreams (13%), constipation (8%), and abdominal pain (7%). Overall, varenicline is a breakthrough in the management of tobacco addiction and has demonstrated good efficacy in motivated quitters. It also provides an option for smokers who cannot tolerate other pharmacologic interventions. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor poisoning: An evidence-based consensus guideline for out-of-hospital management$$$ A review of US poison center data for 2004 showed over 48,000 exposures to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). A guideline that determines the conditions for emergency department referral and prehospital care could potentially optimize patient outcome, avoid unnecessary emergency department visits, reduce health care costs, and reduce life disruption for patients and caregivers. An evidence-based expert consensus process was used to create the guideline. Relevant articles were abstracted by a trained physician researcher. The first draft of the guideline was created by the lead author. The entire panel discussed and refined the guideline before distribution to secondary reviewers for comment. The panel then made changes based on the secondary review comments. The objective of this guideline is to assist poison center personnel in the appropriate out-of-hospital triage and initial management of patients with a suspected ingestion of an SSRI by 1) describing the process by which an ingestion of an SSRI might be managed, 2) identifying the key decision elements in managing cases of SSRI ingestion, 3) providing clear and practical recommendations that reflect the current state of knowledge, and 4) identifying needs for research. This guideline applies to ingestion of immediate-release forms of SSRIs alone. Co-ingestion of additional substances might require different referral and management recommendations depending on their combined toxicities. This guideline is based on an assessment of current scientific and clinical information. The expert consensus panel recognizes that specific patient care decisions may be at variance with this guideline and are the prerogative of the patient and the health professionals providing care, considering all of the circumstances involved. This guideline does not substitute for clinical judgment. Recommendations are in chronological order of likely clinical use. The grade of recommendation is in parentheses. 1) All patients with suicidal intent, intentional abuse, or in cases in which a malicious intent is suspected (e.g., child abuse or neglect) should be referred to an emergency department. This activity should be guided by local poison center procedures. In general, this should occur regardless of the dose reported (Grade D). 2) Any patient already experiencing any symptoms other than mild effects (mild effects include vomiting, somnolence [lightly sedated and arousable with speaking voice or light touch], mydriasis, or diaphoresis) should be transported to an emergency department. Transportation via ambulance should be considered based on the condition of the patient and the length of time it will take the patient to arrive at the emergency department (Grade D). 3) Asymptomatic patients or those with mild effects (defined above) following isolated unintentional acute SSRI ingestions of up to five times an initial adult therapeutic dose (i.e., citalopram 100 mg, escitalopram 50 mg, fluoxetine 100 mg, fluvoxamine 250 mg, paroxetine 100 mg, sertraline 250 mg) can be observed at home with instructions to call the poison center back if symptoms develop. For patients already on an SSRI, those with ingestion of up to five times their own single therapeutic dose can be observed at home with instructions to call the poison center back if symptoms develop (Grade D). 4) The poison center should consider making follow-up calls during the first 8 hours after ingestion, following its normal procedure. Consideration should be given to the time of day when home observation will take place. Observation during normal sleep hours might not reliably identify the onset of toxicity. Depending on local poison center policy, patients could be referred to an emergency department if the observation would take place during normal sleeping hours of the patient or caretaker (Grade D). 5) Do not induce emesis (Grade C). 6) The use of oral activated charcoal can be considered since the likelihood of SSRI-induced loss of consciousness or seizures is small. However, there are no data to suggest a specific clinical benefit. The routine use of out-of-hospital oral activated charcoal in patients with unintentional SSRI overdose cannot be advocated at this time (Grade C). 7) Use intravenous benzodiazepines for seizures and benzodiazepines and external cooling measures for hyperthermia (>104°F [>40°C]) for SSRI-induced serotonin syndrome. This should be done in consultation with and authorized by EMS medical direction, by a written treatment protocol or policy, or with direct medical oversight (Grade C). Copyright © American Association of Poison Control Centers. ER  - 
Stiff-Person syndrome$$$ Classic stiff-person syndrome (SPS) is a clinically diagnosed disease characterized by axial and often appendicular rigidity with lumbar hyperlordosis and painful spasms. Supportive data include increased glutamic acid decarboxylase autoantibody titers more than 20 nmol/L, a needle electromyography with continuous motor unit activity in at least one axial muscle, and normal MRI and cerebrospinal fluid studies. Variants of SPS include those with focal limb dysfunction (stiff-limb syndrome), encephalomyelitis ("SPS plus"), and those associated with paraneoplastic autoantibodies. Although the precise mechanism is unknown, an autoimmune etiology for SPS is proposed, based on its association with autoantibodies and other autoimmune diseases and its response to immunomodulatory therapy. The cornerstone of treatment consists of symptomatic care with benzodiazepines and/or baclofen. Other neuromodulators include antiepileptic medications and muscle relaxants. Continued disability despite first-line therapy should prompt consideration of agents aimed at immunomodulation and immunosuppression. Intravenous immunoglobulin is one of the few agents to be evaluated in a double-blind, randomized controlled trial. Other options include steroids, plasma exchange, and chemotherapy agents. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Therapy insight: Stroke risk and its management in patients with sickle cell disease$$$ Children with sickle cell disease, a chronic hemolytic anemia, present with a wide variety of neurological syndromes, including ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke, transient ischemic attacks, 'soft neurological signs', seizures, headache, coma, visual loss, altered mental status, cognitive difficulties, and covert or 'silent' infarction. Those with ischemic stroke usually have stenosis or occlusion of the distal internal carotid and proximal middle cerebral arteries. Indefinite transfusion prevents recurrence in most patients who have had a stroke, and can prevent first stroke in those with high transcranial Doppler velocities. High white cell count, low hemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin desaturation predict neurological complications. Other risk factors for overt ischemic stroke include hypertension, previous transient ischemic attack, covert infarction and chest crisis. For hemorrhagic stroke, aneurysms are common in adults but not children, who often present with hypertension after transfusion or corticosteroids. Seizures are particularly common in patients with cerebrovascular disease and covert infarction; the latter is also associated with hyposplenism and infrequent pain. Factors associated with cognitive difficulties include thrombocytosis, infarction, large-vessel disease, and perfusion abnormality on neuroimaging. As well as investigating the role of genes and the possibility that hydroxyurea or blood pressure control reduce neurological complications, we should explore the modifiable effects of poor nutrition, chronic infection, hemolysis and oxyhemoglobin desaturation on stroke risk. ER  - 
The safety of levetiracetam$$$ Levetiracetam is an antiepileptic drug approved for use as an adjunct agent in partial-onset seizures in adults and children aged ≥ 4 years. It was also approved as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of adults and adolescents aged ≥ 12 years with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy. A parenteral intravenous formulation has recently become available allowing for its use when oral administration is temporarily not feasible. Available literature has demonstrated and supported that levetiracetam has an acceptable safety profile and this review discusses the safety profile of levetiracetam, with attention to special populations. The most common adverse effects are somnolence, asthenia and dizziness, which usually appear early after initiation of levetiracetam therapy and generally resolve without medication withdrawal. The most serious adverse effects are behavioral in nature and are more common in children and in patients with a prior history of behavioral problems. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
The adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs in children$$$ Efficacy of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are often equivalent, hence selection of an AED is often determined by the adverse effects (AEs). The development of neurocognitive AEs is almost inevitable with use of AEDs, especially in high-risk groups. Teratogenesis with major or minor malformations is of great concern during the first trimester of pregnancy, but an increasing body of information suggests that potential neurocognitive developmental delay may also occur with use of AEDs in the latter part of pregnancy. Decreased bone mineral density has been found in adults and children receiving both enzyme-inducing AEDs and valproate, an enzyme-inhibiting drug. AEDs may influence the lipid profile, body weight, reproductive, hormonal and other endocrine functions, and sleep architecture. There are age-specific AEs related to pharmacokinetic differences that have been highlighted in this review with emphasis on the pediatric population. A classification of AEs using different parameters is also included. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Treating depressed multiple sclerosis patients$$$ Approximately one in two multiple sclerosis patients will develop a major depression over the course of their lifetime. This is associated with a decreased quality of life and a high risk of completed suicide. A literature review suggests pharmacotherapy with a selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitor or tricyclic antidepressant is effective, the former likely better tolerated. Limited data show that psychotherapy, namely cognitive-behavioral and insight-oriented therapies, is effective, although cognitive-behavioral therapy is the only modality shown to rival medication in bringing about symptom response. Electroconvulsive therapy should be reserved for severe cases of depression as it may increase the risk of multiple sclerosis exacerbation. In treating the depressed multiple sclerosis patient, clinicians should always be on the lookout for comorbid anxiety. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
CYP-mediated clozapine interactions: How predictable are they?$$$ Despite the introduction of newer drugs, the atypical antipsychotic clozapine remains the most effective drug in psychotic patients who are resistant to treatment with conventional agents. Optimal therapeutic responses to clozapine have been reported with serum concentrations between 350 μg/L and 1000 μg/L. Clozapine is frequently combined with other drugs to enhance efficacy and reduce adverse reactions but pharmacokinetic interactions can have a significant impact on drug response. The majority of the interactions with clozapine are reported to be mediated by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes. CYP1A2 has a major role in the oxidative metabolism of clozapine, with a minor contribution from CYP3A4, and possibly CYP2D6, CYP2C9 and CYP2C19. Interactions mediated by potent CYP1A2 inhibitors (such as fluvoxamine) or inducers (like cigarette smoke) appear to be consistent, predictable and usually clinically significant. There are many case reports of interactions between clozapine and weak CYP1A2 inhibitors or inducers which are also potent inhibitors or inducers of CYP3A4 or CYP2D6. Researchers often explain these observations on the basis of the CYP1A2 involvement. In addition, there are case reports of clinically significant interactions between clozapine and drugs that are not substrates, inhibitors or inducers of CYP1A2. These interactions are difficult to predict and may not be consistent, as reflected by the conflicting literature reports. Further research to elucidate individual differences in clozapine metabolism, with the potential to detect the dominant roles of CYPs other than CYP1A2, may assist us in predicting these interactions. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Autism spectrum disorders: Etiology and pharmacotherapy$$$ Autism is a complex neurodevelopmental disorder that forms part of a spectrum of related disorders referred to as Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD). Like other complex neurodevelopmental disorders (e.g., schizophrenia), ASD is thought to be the final common pathway of multiple etiological (largely genetic) and neuropathological mechanisms. In the absence of a biological marker, ASD is defined behaviorally, its clinical presentation characterized by impairments in reciprocal social interaction and in communication with others, and by a preference for repetitive, stereotyped behaviors. Our understanding of autism has changed dramatically over the past decade. We now know that autism is not one disorder, but several closely related "disorders", including Asperger syndrome, atypical autism, and disintegrative disorder. They may involve a range of behaviors at different ages and degrees of functioning, thus the term "autism spectrum disorder". Along with these changes in classification, there has been a greater understanding of the causes of autism. Developmental delay, epilepsy, minor facial and bodily abnormalities, increased rate of obstetrical complications, an unequal sex ratio, and extremes of head size represent subtle, but still not clearly defined, signs that autism is a neuropsychiatric disorder. It appears that pharmacological interventions may have a limited role to play in the overall therapy of the autistic child. Medications may be most helpful in reducing hyperactivity, impulsivity, and aggressive and obsessive behaviors. For the development of everyday life skills, one-on-one behavioral therapy seems to be mandatory. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Confronting proviral HIV infection$$$ The course of HIV infection is arrested by antiretroviral therapy (ART). However, life-long ART is undesirable. To eradicate infection, strategies are needed to deplete the rare population of proviral genomes that persist and reemerge if ART is interrupted. Proviral HIV persists due to the simultaneous deficiency of factors required to allow proviral expression and virion production, and a predominance of factors that obstruct proviral expression. Combining ART with global inducers of T-cell activation has so far failed to eradicate HIV infection. One approach to the selective removal of obstacles to proviral expression, inhibition of the chromatin remodeling enzyme histone deacetylase, has entered clinical testing. Additional approaches may be needed. Ultimately, therapies that eliminate rare cells that persistently express HIV and interrupt low levels of viremia that persist in some patients may be required to render depletion of proviral HIV infection clinically relevant, and lead to the clearance of HIV infection. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
The future of acute care and prevention in headache$$$ Migraine is a chronic neurological disease with heterogeneous characteristics resulting in a range of symptom profiles, burden and disability. It affects nearly 12% of the adult population in Western countries and up to 22% of the Brazilian population, imposing considerable suffering as well as personal, economic and social losses. The pharmacological treatment of migraine is divided into preventive and acute treatment. A better comprehension of migraine pathophysiology, as well as the finding of novel molecular targets, has led to a growing number of upcoming therapeutic opportunities. The same is true of cluster headache, which affects only about 0.07%-0.4% of most populations. This review focuses on current and emerging agents and procedures for the treatment of migraine and cluster headache. © Springer-VerlagItalia 2007. ER  - 
Antiobesity carbonic anhydrase inhibitors$$$ Few pharmacological approaches for the treatment of obesity exist at this time, and most of them are unsatisfactory, whereas this disease is widespread both in the developed and developing world. Novel effective approaches are needed for the development of antiobesity agents possessing different mechanisms of action. A possible new approach for the treatment and prophylaxis of obesity is based on the inhibition of carbonic anhydrases (CAs, EC 4.2.1.1), enzymes involved in several steps of de novo lipogenesis, both in the mitochondria and the cytosol of cells. Topiramate and zonisamide are two antiepileptic drugs that were shown to induce persistent weight loss in obese patients, but their mechanism of action is largely unknown. We demonstrated strong CA inhibitory properties for these two drugs, by means of kinetic studies in solution and X-ray crystallography, against several physiologically relevant isoforms, such as CA II, VA and VB. It has been proved that topiramate also inhibits lipogenesis in adipocytes, similarly to other sulfonamide CA inhibitors investigated earlier. A large number of new sulfonamides have been synthesized and assayed as possible inhibitors of CA isoforms involved in lipogenesis. This is the beginning of a very new and promising approach for the treatment of obesity, with the hope that new compounds showing this property will be soon developed and available for clinical use. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
New agents for treatment of advanced transitional cell carcinoma$$$ The prognosis for any patient with progressive or recurrent invasive transitional cell carcinoma remains poor. In this context, the focus of clinical research in these invasive cancers concentrates on identifying systemic treatment options and new agents in order to improve survival of patients. Cisplatin-based chemotherapy is standard treatment of patients with metastatic urothelial cancer; however, despite regimens as the cisplatin-gemcitabine combination, the overall response rates vary between 40% and 65%, with complete response in 15%-25% with survivals up to 16 months. This survival is frequently achieved with severe and life-threatening side effects. None the less, almost all responding patients relapse within the first year; therefore, the need for development of new and tolerable agents is urgent. This review highlights some new active chemotherapeutic as new platinum compounds (oxaliplatin, lobaplatin), gallium nitrate, ifosfamide, the antifolates piritrexim and pemetrexed (Alimta®, LY231514), vinflunine and molecular targeting agents such as farnesyltransferase inhibitors (lonafarnib, R115777, SCH66336), ribozyme (RPI.4610), histone deacetylase inhibitor (CI-994) and monoclonal antibodies (epidermal growth factor receptor, Her 2/neu). © 2006 European Society for Medical Oncology. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs in alcoholism: An update$$$ Alcohol dependence is a devastating health problem that is associated with significant morbidity and mortality and with negative social consequences for the patient and his/her family environment. Few drugs are available for the pharmacological treatment of alcoholism, and although disulfiram, naltrexone, acamprosate or benzodiazepines have been for years the mainstay treatments for alcohol dependence, there is a clear need for newer, more effective drugs. Antiepileptic agents have emerged as potential treatment alternatives with potential efficacy in treating alcohol-dependent patients, in particular those presenting with psychiatric co-morbidities. This article reviews current clinical evidence for the use of antiepileptic drugs in the treatment of alcoholism. Copyright © 2007 Prous Science. ER  - 
Measurement of cerebral perfusion with arterial spin labeling: Part 2. Applications$$$ Arterial spin labeling (ASL) uses magnetic resonance imaging methods to measure cerebral blood flow (CBF) non-invasively. ASL CBF validly localizes brain function and may be especially useful for studies where the time frame of behavioral change is more than a few minutes, such as in longitudinal and treatment studies. ASL measures of cerebral perfusion are highly accurate in detecting lesion laterality in temporal lobe epilepsy, stenotic-occlusive disease, and brain tumors. Among lesioned patients, ASL CBF has excellent concurrent validity when correlated with CBF measured by Positron Emission Tomography or with dynamic susceptibility-weighted magnetic resonance. ASL CBF can predict tumor grading in vivo and can predict six-month response to the surgical treatment of brain tumors. ASL's capability to selectively and non-invasively tag flow in major vessels may refine the monitoring of treatment of cerebrovascular disease and brain tumors. Conclusions about the utility of ASL are limited by the small sample sizes of the studies currently in the literature and by the uncertainty caused by the effect of brain disease on transit times of the magnetic tag. As the method evolves, ASL techniques will likely become more widely used in clinical research and practice. © 2007 The International Neuropsychological Society. ER  - 
ASHP therapeutic position statement on the use of second-generation antipsychotic medications in the treatment of adults with psychotic disorders$$$ Psychotic disorders are chronic illnesses that impart a considerable burden on patients, families, and society. Although no known drug therapies can cure these illnesses, antipsychotic agents are a mainstay for the management of acute illness and prevention of relapse. The second-generation antipsychotics - risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone, aripiprazole, and paliperidone - offer numerous advantages over the older agents, including a lower risk of extrapyramidal motor symptoms and elevated serum prolactin levels, as well as improvements in cognitive symptoms. These advantages have led to improved long-term outcomes and cost-effectiveness, despite the higher acquisition costs of these drugs. Clozapine has demonstrated a unique level of efficacy for individuals with treatment-resistant psychotic disorders and for individuals at high risk for suicide and is very valuable in these subgroups, despite the additional adverse hematologic and cardiovascular effects. Metabolic adverse effects, including weight gain, glucose abnormalities, and hyperlipidemias, cause significant concern for patients receiving second-generation antipsychotics and must be managed proactively by clinicians. Health care professionals in all settings should play an active role in assisting in the selection of an appropriate antipsychotic agent, ensuring appropriate monitoring, and providing counseling to ensure that patients remain compliant with treatment. Additional readings and resources are listed in the appendix. Copyright © 2007, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The role of psychopharmacotherapy in the treatment of eating disorders$$$ Eating disorders (EDs), including anorexia nervosa (AN), bulimia nervosa (BN) and binge-eating disorder (BED), are psychiatric conditions complicated by multiple medical dysfunctions, which may actually threat the patient's life. The therapy of EDs is multidisciplinary, since it encompasses nutritional and medical interventions as well as psychotherapeutic and psychopharmacological treatments. As for psychopharmacotherapy, virtually every class of psychotropic medications has been tested in the treatment of these disorders. Controlled and uncontrolled studies testing antipsychotic, antidepressant, anticonvulsant, appetite-regulating drugs have demonstrated that core symptoms of AN are refractory to current available psychotropic medications. Placebo-controlled studies with antidepressants have been far more promising for treating BN and BED in the short term. The increasing evidence for the role of biological factors in the etiopathogenesis of EDs should encourage investigators to perform adequately powered clinical trials especially on "new generation" agents, which will become available as far as pathophysiological aspects of EDs will be more deeply known. © 2007 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l. ER  - 
Emerging epilepsy models: Insights from mice, flies, worms and fish$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Animal models provide a means to investigate fundamental mechanisms of abnormal electrical discharge (i.e., seizures). Understanding the pathogenesis of epilepsy and therapy development have greatly benefited from these models. Here we review recent mouse mutants featuring spontaneous seizures and simpler organisms. RECENT FINDINGS: New genetically engineered mice provide additional insights to cellular mechanisms underlying seizure generation (BK calcium-activated potassium channels and interneuron-expressed sodium channels), genetic interactions that exacerbate seizure phenotype (Scn2a, Kcnq2 and background) and neurodevelopmental influences (Dlx transcription factors). Mutants for neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, Glut-1 deficiency and aquaporin channels highlight additional seizure phenotypes in mice. Additional models in Caenorhabditis elegans (Lis-1) and Danio rerio (pentylenetetrazole) highlight a reductionist approach. Taking further advantage of 'simple' organisms, antiepileptic drugs and genetic modifiers of seizure activity are being uncovered in Drosophila. SUMMARY: Studies of epilepsy in mutant mice provide a framework for understanding critical features of the brain that regulate excitability. These, and as yet undiscovered, mouse mutants will continue to serve as the foundation for basic epilepsy research. Interestingly, an even greater potential for analyzing epileptic phenotypes may lie in the more widespread use of genetically tractable organisms such as worms, flies and zebrafish. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Psychosomatic disorders in pregnancy$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Common and important psychosomatic disorders in pregnancy reviewed here include perinatal depression, posttraumatic stress disorders, anxiety disorders, eating disorders, and postpartum psychosis. RECENT FINDINGS: Research has focused on antenatal depression as postpartum depression often has onset prior to delivery. Certain psychosocial and psychological interventions can effectively prevent postnatal depression. Although the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors was associated with miscarriage, preterm delivery, and fetal death, discontinuation of antidepressants also increased the relapse rate during pregnancy. Studies also show that about 8% of mothers had eating problems during their pregnancy, which increased to 19% in the postpartum period. Postpartum psychosis is an important diagnosis related to maternal death from suicide. Personal and family history of bipolar disorders are important risk factors. SUMMARY: Recent findings highlight the importance of correct diagnosis and awareness of serious mental illness. In view of the higher rate of relapse, women should be counselled carefully regarding discontinuation of antidepressants during pregnancy. Differentiation of posttraumatic stress disorders with comorbid anxiety and depression, awareness of risk factors, and clinical features of psychosis are important in the management of psychosomatic disorders in pregnancy. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Eating disorders in the 21st century: identification, management, and prevention in obstetrics and gynecology$$$ Eating disorders are extremely common and carry a high degree of medical and psychiatric morbidity. These disorders are challenging to treat because many patients deny their symptoms, have poor motivation to change, and can become frustrating to the clinician. Case identification based upon suggested screening questions and ongoing management of medical consequences are important roles for the obstetrician/gynecologist involved in the care of these patients. This chapter discusses the benefits and limitations of contemporary treatment, special populations at risk (e.g. athletes, diabetics), and screening guidelines for office practice. Signs, symptoms, laboratory abnormalities, and the perils of associated psychiatric illness are briefly reviewed. Patients do respond to a comprehensive, integrated treatment plan that includes nutritional stabilization, psychotherapy, and pharmacotherapy. Collaboration between all professionals involved in the patient's care is essential for state-of-the-art care. Those patients who become pregnant or wish to become pregnant pose certain additional treatment considerations. Ongoing and future research aimed at understanding how eating disorders develop - and may be prevented by early identification and education - will result in enhanced knowledge of these life-threatening and often chronic illnesses in the 21st century. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of chronic he1patitis C genotype 1 with peginterferon- α2a (40 kDa) plus ribavirin under routine clinical practice in Spain: Early prediction of sustained virological response rate$$$ Background: Sustained virological response rates of up to 52% have been obtained with peginterferon α2a (40 kDa) plus ribavirin in patients suffering from chronic hepatitis C genotype 1 in randomized-controlled trials. Aim: To assess early virological response and its clinical utility in predicting an sustained virological response in patients suffering from chronic hepatitis C genotype 1 in routine clinical practice in Spain. Methods: Treatment-naïve patients received pegylated interferon α2a (40 kDa) 180 μg/week plus ribavirin 1000/1200 mg/day for 48 weeks, and were followed for a further 24 weeks. Overall, 475 patients received at least one dose of medication and were included in the efficacy population. Results: The overall sustained virological response rate was 48%. Of those with week 12 virological data, 83% had an early virological response. The negative predictive value of an early virological response was 93%. Conclusion: If sustained virological response is the goal, a treatment-decision based on a 12-week evaluation during routine clinical practice is feasible. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Oxcarbazepine in bipolar disorder: A critical review of the literature$$$ Oxcarbazepine (OXC) is a keto-congener of carbamazepine, which has fewer side effects and drug interactions. However, the efficacy of OXC in treating bipolar disorder is not as well established as that of carbamazepine. This article is a systematic literature review of all studies regarding OXC and bipolar disorders, with particular attention to papers published in the last 6 years. Using the terms 'oxcarbazepine and bipolar disorder', 'oxcarbazepine and mania' or 'oxcarbazepine and bipolar depression', a computer-aided search of MEDLINE for the years 2000-2006 has been conducted. Since its introduction as an antiepileptic drug in early 2000, clinical research regarding the potential role of OXC in the treatment of bipolar disorder remains limited. There is a lack of double-blind, placebo-controlled studies. Studies recently published have small samples of patients, with insufficient follow-up periods and other methodological weaknesses. The efficacy of OXC in bipolar disorder has not been widely studied. Some authors recommend using OXC as monotherapy or as add-on therapy in refractory mania, although results are not conclusive. It is unknown whether OXC has efficacy in the maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder. OXC can be particularly useful as an add-on treatment in bipolar disorder patients for whom previous treatments have failed, or in patients who have difficulty tolerating adequate dosages of standard approved treatments. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Pediatric epilepsy and psychopathology$$$ The association of psychiatric disorders and pediatric epilepsy is under appreciated by clinicians. Behavioral disorders, especially depression, are often perceived as "reactionary" processes. In fact, these comorbid disorders can be more disabling than the epilepsy itself. This review discusses the common behavioral comorbidities associated with epilepsy including autistic spectrum disorders, psychosis, attention deficit hyperactivity disorders, and mood disorders. ER  - 
Pharmacological approaches to managing migraine and associated comorbidities - Clinical considerations for monotherapy versus polytherapy$$$ Comorbidity is defined as an illness that occurs more frequently in association with a specific disorder than would be found as a coincidental association in the general population. Conditions that are frequently comorbid with migraine include depression, anxiety, stroke, epilepsy, sleep disorders, and other pain disorders. In addition, many common illnesses occur concomitantly (at the same time) with migraine and influence the treatment choice. Migraine management, and especially migraine prevention, can be challenging when patients have comorbid or concomitant illnesses. The objectives of this initiative are to review the literature on managing patients who have migraine and common comorbidities, present additional clinical approaches for care of these difficult patients, and evaluate the areas in which research is needed to establish evidence-based guidelines for the management of migraine with associated comorbid conditions. © 2007 the Authors. ER  - 
GABAergic contributions to the pathophysiology of depression and the mechanism of antidepressant action$$$ Increasing evidence suggests that abnormalities in amino neurotransmission are associated with the neurobiology of depression. Preclinical studies demonstrate that GABA modulating agents are active in commonly used rodent behavioral models of antidepressant activity, and that chronic administration of antidepressant drugs induces marked changes in GABAergic function. In humans, depressed patients have lower plasma, CSF and brain GABA concentrations than non-depressed comparison subjects. The recent discovery that several anticonvulsant and GABA-mimetic agents possess mood stabilizing and antidepressant properties has further increased interest in these fmdings. This review out-lines the existing literature investigating the possible involvement of GABA in the neurobiology of depression and briefly highlights how this information may afford new targets for antidepressant drug development. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Endocannabinoids and their receptors: Physiology, pathology and pharmacology$$$ The Cannabis sativa (marijuana) plant is well known for its mood regulating effects. Since the identification of two cannabinoid (CB) receptors for the plants major active constituent Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) around 1990, endogenous ligands, the endocannabinoids, have been discovered, leading to the definition of the 'endocannabinoid-CB-receptor (ECBR) system'. The ligands, including anandamide and 2-arachidonylglycerol, are particularly interesting since they are derivatives of arachidonic acid, while interacting with related lipids such as oleoylethanolamide. During the previous decade, our knowledge and understanding of the ubiquitous presence and functions, as well as dysfunctions of the ECBR system has expanded dramatically. In the current review we will present an updated overview of the physiology, pathology and pharmacology of the ECBR system. Thus we will briefly describe its components (receptors, endocannabinoids, degradative enzymes). Next, we will discuss the involvement of the ECBR system in peripheral organ systems (gastrointestinal, immune, cardiovascular), brain (memory, movement, coordination, reward and addiction) as well as in pain and appetite-related systems. For example, CB1 and CB2 receptors mediate relaxation of the intestinal system and exert anti-inflammatory effects, while activating CB1 receptors enhances appetite and food intake and is critical for suckling in newborn mice. The third section will be devoted to the ECBR role in reproduction and perinatal development. Finally, pathophysiological issues and therapeutic potential will be discussed, based on the physiological functions ascribed to the ECBR system, such as cannabinoid-based therapies for irritable bowel disease, food-disorders and neuropsychiatric disturbances. Hopefully the next decade will witness its medicinal application of the ECBR system for the benefit of patients suffering from a variety of conditions. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Impact of dose frequency on compliance and health outcomes: A literature review (1966-2006)$$$ In order for treatments to be effective, patients must be compliant with their medication regimens. Currently, patient compliance is seen as one of the most challenging issues in treating patients with chronic diseases. Studies in which dose frequency has been changed have been reviewed across several different diseases to examine the impact of a change in dose frequency on compliance and health outcomes, as well as efficacy and tolerability. In general, reducing dose frequency may improve medication compliance and effectiveness, and reduce adverse events, while possibly reducing healthcare costs. Suggestions for future research have been presented, including a need to measure compliance with injectable formulations and a standardized definition of compliance. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Neuropathic pain in soft tissue complaints$$$ Many soft tissue complaints are associated with the development of neuropathic pain. This pain is produced by pathophysiological processes that are different to the processes involved in the generation of the inflammatory or nociceptive pain more commonly encountered in soft tissue disorders. One of the consequences of this is that neuropathic pain can often be less responsive to standard analgesic therapies. The use of alternative analgesic strategies may be necessary if we are to treat neuropathic pain successfully. This chapter aims to outline some of the clinical features associated with neuropathic pain, the aetiological factors leading to its development and the evidence base (or lack) behind current treatment strategies. It will try to provide a rational approach to the management of neuropathic pain in patients with soft tissue disorders, particularly focusing on pharmacological management. Neuropathic pain is the focus of much current research activity, particularly pharmacological research, and this chapter will attempt to identify gaps in our clinical knowledge and highlight opportunities for further research. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Brain Metastases: Old Problem, New Strategies$$$ Brain metastases from breast cancer are a common complication of the disease and alter the management of patients more than any other site of distant progression. Certain subgroups of patients are at high risk for developing CNS disease, warranting targeted research and perhaps screening for occult disease. Data from studies that include other solid tumor histologies provide the bulk of supporting evidence for the use of therapies, such as steroids, antiepileptic drugs, surgery, and radiation. However, there are several issues specific to brain metastases from breast cancer illustrating that this disease should be considered pathophysiologically distinct, and future research should be tailored accordingly. © 2007. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and mood stability$$$ This paper will discuss different definitions of the term "mood stabilizer" and highlight in detail the antiepileptic drugs carbamazepine, valproate and lamotrigine with respect to their relative strengths in stabilizing mood in bipolar patients. These drugs are heterogeneous in their mechanisms of action and in their efficacy to stabilize patients with epilepsy and the various mood states in bipolar disorder. Lamotrigine has obtained approval in several countries for the indication of preventing bipolar depressive episodes, which raises the question of differential efficacy of other antiepileptic drugs as mood stabilizers in the prevention of either depressive or hypo-/manic episodes. A Medline Search to 2006 was conducted for controlled acute and maintenance studies of the three scientifically and clinically most established antiepileptic drugs carbamazepine, valproate and lamotrigine. The medications discussed in this review only partly fulfill definitions of a mood stabilizer, and we suggest that future research should focus on combined treatment strategies. ER  - 
ACT: A new acronym you need to know about$$$ This article presents 'acceptance and commitment Therapy' - a theoretically grounded and empirically supported approach that combines aspects of behavioural therapy and mindfulness. ER  - 
The endocannabinoid system for the development of new drugs for spasticity$$$ Recent clinical trials have highlighted the possibility that agents that activate cannabinoid CB1 receptors, or extracts of Cannabis sativa, might have beneficial effects on symptoms of multiple sclerosis (MS). In particular, spasticity and neuropathic pain, two major debilitating consequences of this serious neurodegenerative disorder, appear to be improved following treatment with these pharmaceutical preparations. Furthermore, agents capable of activating the two subtypes of cannabinoid receptors, either directly or indirectly, exhibit palliative effects, and in some cases delay disease progression, in experimental models of MS. In one such model, chronic-relapsing experimental allergic encephalomyelitis (CREAE) in mice, compounds inhibiting the processes leading to inactivation of endogenous cannabinoid receptor ligands exhibit strong antispastic effects in the chronic phase of the disorder. The role of the endocannabinoid system (i.e., cannabinoid CB1 and CB 2 receptors and their endogenous ligands, the endocannabinoids) in MS is discussed in this article, together with the possible future use of endocannabinoid-based drugs for spasticity associated with MS and other neurological conditions. Copyright © 2007 Prous Science. ER  - 
A systematic review and economic evaluation of epoetin alfa, epoetin beta and darbepoetin alfa in anaemia associated with cancer, especially that attributable to cancer treatment$$$ Objectives: To assess the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of epoetin alfa, epoetin beta and darbepoetin alfa (referred to collectively in this report as epo) in anaemia associated with cancer, especially that attributable to cancer treatment. Data sources: Electronic databases were searched from 2000 (1996 in the case of darbepoetin alfa) to September 2004. Review methods: Using a recently published Cochrane review as the starting point, a systematic review of recent randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing epo with best standard was conducted. Inclusion, quality assessment and data abstraction were undertaken in duplicate. Where possible, meta-analysis was employed. The economic assessment consisted of a systematic review of past economic evaluations, an assessment of economic models submitted by the manufacturers of the three epo agents and development of a new individual sampling model (the Birmingham epo model). Results: In total 46 RCTs were included within this systematic review, 27 of which had been included in the Cochrane systematic review. All 46 trials compared epo plus supportive care for anaemia (including transfusions), with supportive care for anaemia (including transfusions), alone. Haematological response (defined as an improvement by 2 g dl-1) had a relative risk of 3.4 [95% confidence interval (CI) 3.0 to 3.8, 22 RCTs] with a response rate for epo of 53%. The trial duration was most commonly 16-20 weeks. There was little statistical heterogeneity in the estimate of haematological response, and there were no important differences between the subgroups examined. Haemoglobin (Hb) change showed a weighted mean difference of 1.63g dl-1 (95% CI 1.46 to 1.80) in favour of epo. Treatment with erythropoietin in patients with cancer-induced anaemia reduces the number of patients who receive a red blood cell transfusion (RBCT) by an estimated 18%. Health related quality of life (HRQoL) data were analysed using vote counting and qualitative assessment and a positive effect was observed in favour of an improved HRQoL for patients on epo. Published information on side-effects was of poor quality. New trials provided further evidence of side-effects with epo, particularly thrombic events, but it is still unclear whether these could be accounted for by chance alone. The results of the previous Cochrane review had suggested a survival advantage for epo (HR 0.84, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.02), based on 19 RCTs. The update, based on 28 RCTs, suggests no difference (HR 1.03, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.21). Subgroup analysis suggested some explanations for this heterogeneity, but it is difficult to draw firm conclusions without access to the substantial amounts of missing or unpublished data, or more detailed results from some of the trials with heterogeneous patient populations. The conclusions are, however, broadly in line with those of a Food and Drug Administration (FDA) safety briefing, which recommended that patients with a haemoglobin above 12 gdl-1 should not be treated; the target rate of rise in Hb should not be too great, and further carefully conducted trials are required to determine which subgroups of patients may be harmed by the use of these products, in particular through the stimulation of tumour activity. Five published economic evaluations identified from the literature had inconsistent results, with estimates ranging from a cost per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) under £10,000 through to epo being less effective and more costly than standard care. The more favourable evaluations assumed a survival advantage for epo. The three company models submitted each relied on assumed survival gains to achieve relatively low cost per QALY, from £13,000 to £28,000, but generated estimates from £84,000 to £159,000 per QALY when no survival gain was assumed. Each of these models relied on Hb levels alone driving utility, and each assumed gradual normalisation of Hb in the standard treatment arm after the end of treatment. The Birmingham epo model followed the company models in regard to the relationship between Hb levels and utility, and also assumed normalisation in the base case. With no survival gain, the incremental cost per QALY was £150,000, falling to £40,000 when the lower, more favourable, confidence interval for survival was used. Conclusions: Epo is effective in improving haematological response and reducing RBCT requirements, and appears to have a positive effect on HRQoL. The incidence of side-effects and effects on survival remains highly uncertain. However, if there is no impact on survival, it seems highly unlikely that epo would be considered a cost-effective use of healthcare resources. The main target for further research should be improving estimates of impact on survival, initially through more detailed secondary research, such as the individual patient data meta-analysis started by the Cochrane group. Further trials may be required, and have been recommended by the FDA, although many trials are in progress, completed but unreported or awaiting mature follow-up. The Birmingham epo model developed as part of this project contains new features that improve its flexibility in exploring different scenarios; further refinement and validation would therefore be of assistance. Finally, further research to resolve uncertainty about other parameters, particularly quality of life, adverse events, and the rate of normalisation, would also be beneficial. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2007. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Brain mechanisms underlying the placebo effect in neurological disorders$$$ The potential of placebo treatments to alleviate a variety of medical conditions has long been recognised. Although the placebo effect is widely known, the physiological mechanisms underlying this phenomenon are not well understood. This review focuses on the existing evidence for placebo responses in different neurological conditions, including pain, Parkinson's disease, depression, sleep and immune-mediated disorders. Special attention is paid to the neural changes associated with placebo treatments, as revealed by in vivo neurophysiological and functional neuroimaging studies. Converging evidence suggests that placebo analgesia is linked to the activation of the endogenous opioid analgesia network, whilst dopaminergic pathways seem to play a central role in the placebo effect in movement disorders and neuroimmunomodulation. Further research on the placebo response is needed, both to improve the efficacy of its application in clinical practice and to shed more light on the complexity of mind-body interactions. ER  - 
Peripartum hysterectomy for primary postpartum haemorrhage: Incidence and maternal morbidity$$$ This was a retrospective analysis of postpartum emergency hysterectomy performed between 1988 - 2003, to study incidence indicators, risk factors and complications. We included any women who required emergency hysterectomy to control major postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) after delivery, following a pregnancy of at least 24 weeks' gestation, regardless of the mode of delivery. We excluded cases that required a hysterectomy for gynaecological reasons. There were 18 cases of emergency hysterectomy (14 caesarean hysterectomy and four postpartum hysterectomy, after vaginal delivery), giving a rate of 0.36/1,000 deliveries. Overall, the most common indication for hysterectomy was placenta accreta (28%) and uterine atony (28%). Although there was no maternal death, intra- and postoperative complications were prevalent including cardiac arrest (1), disseminated intravascular coagulopathy (4), pulmonary oedema (1), septicaemia (1), and bladder injury (1). Placenta accreta is becoming a leading cause of emergency postpartum hysterectomy. Although hysterectomy is a life saving operation, it is associated with high maternal morbidity. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Pregabalin and duloxetine for the treatment of neuropathic pain disorders$$$ Clinical studies investigating the use of pregabalin and duloxetine for the management of diabetic peripheral neuropathy and post-herpetic neuralgia are reviewed. The benefits and potential drawbacks associated with these agents are discussed. Copyright © by The Haworth Press, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Use of contemporary antidepressants during breastfeeding: A proposal for a specific safety index$$$ Despite the well known severe repercussions of maternal depression on infants' well being, women are often reluctant to seek pharmacological treatment for postnatal depression. The fear of adverse events for the suckling infant plays an important role in such maternal considerations. However, the pharmacological approach to mood disorders at postpartum onset often represents one of the most realistic options in a number of clinical conditions. Therefore, the necessity exists to establish the safety of antidepressant treatment in the breastfed infant. For this reason, the aim of this article is to propose a specific safety index that assesses the frequency and degree of severity of adverse events in infants associated with maternal treatment with second-generation antidepressants during puerperium. The index is derived from a simple formula that uses the number of reports of adverse events in infants exposed to antidepressants as the numerator and the combined total of reports of healthy outcomes and reports of adverse events as the denominator. The sum is then multiplied by 100. A value of ≤2 indicates that the drug should be relatively safe for use during breastfeeding, a value of 2.1-10 indicates that the drug should be used with great caution and a value >10 indicates that the drug should be contraindicated in breastfeeding mothers. In addition to the figure created by this calculation, each drug will also be assigned a letter or the combination of a letter and a subscripted number to symbolise, respectively, the type and clinical management of the most serious recorded event. At this early developmental stage of the index, a complete classification of contemporary antidepressants regarding their safety in infants nursed to the breast is unfeasible. Indeed, because of the lack of suitable published data, so far the index has been limited to the evaluation of four antidepressants. In accordance with the index classification for these four antidepressants, sertraline and paroxetine should be considered as first-line medications in women who need to start antidepressant treatment during the postpartum period and wish to continue breastfeeding. The utilisation of fluoxetine and citalopram seems conversely to be associated with a relatively higher risk of adverse events (with a low degree of severity, however). For the other newer antidepressant drugs, the index is still of no assistance to the patient or physician in deciding on the safety of their use in lactation. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Suicidality and antiepileptic drugs: Is there a link?$$$ The main purpose of the present article is to review the possible risk factors for suicidal behaviour in epilepsy with a special emphasis on the different antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Epidemiological data show that, in general, the suicide rate among patients with epilepsy is 5-fold higher than that in the general population, while in temporal lobe epilepsy and complex partial seizures it is approximately 25-fold higher. A certain psychiatric comorbidity may provoke suicidality in patients with epilepsy, and depression and cognitive impairment seem to be the main risk factors for suicidality in epilepsy. In addition, depression and cognitive deterioration in epilepsy may share common neuropsychological mechanisms in terms of hypofrontality. This may cause similar psychopathological signs in both diagnostic categories, including suicidality. Analysis of the literature has shown that serotonin metabolism disturbances are involved in the pathogenesis of suicidal behaviour irrespective of primary diagnosis. Serotonin disturbances also seem to be a common link between depression, suicidality and even epilepsy itself. The various AEDs differ not only in their mechanisms of action, but also in influences on cognition and mood in epileptic patients and suicidality, respectively. Until now, only Ketter's hypothesis has been proposed to explain the psychotropic effects of different AEDs, although it does not explain the positive psychotropic effects of some AEDs, such as carbamazepine and oxcarbazepine. According to this model, all psychotropic effects of AEDs may be the result of effects on the function of two types of receptor functions: γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) ergic and antiglutamatergic; other possible mechanisms have not been incorporated. Presumably, other neurochemical mechanisms, and a serotonergic mechanism in particular, should also be taken into account when explaining the psychotropic effects of different AEDs. Based on these data, it has been suggested that AEDs with certain serotonergic properties should reduce the suicidality risk because they exert effects similar to antidepressants (i.e. selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors), whereas AEDs that lack serotonergic mechanisms would not be effective in suicidality prevention. In line with this paradigm, phenobarbital and phenytoin seem to be the only drugs with proven suicidality risk. On the other hand, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, valproate and lamotrigine could be regarded as drugs with antisuicidal properties because they all improve cognitive functions and mood in epileptic patients, and possess serotonergic mechanisms of action. The other AEDs, including topiramate, tiagabine, vigabatrin, levetiracetam and zonisamide, all exert negative effects on mood and cognition, although their influence on suicidality has not been proven in evidence-based studies yet. Although zonizamide has serotonergic properties, it exerts negative psychotropic effects, whereas gabapentin is devoid of serotonergic properties but has positive psychotropic effects on mood and cognition. To more fully explain the positive and negative psychotropic effects and influence on suicidality of AEDs, Ketter's paradigm should be supplemented by an understanding of the serotonergic mechanisms of different AEDs. Further trials are required to prove or refute this model. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neurological complications of liver transplantation in pediatric patients: A single center experience$$$ Neurologic complications (NCs) are a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in patients who undergo liver transplantation (LT). The aim of this study was to evaluate the incidence and type of NCs and associated factors in pediatric LT patients. We retrospectively reviewed NCs in the medical records of 40 consecutive infants, children, and adolescents who underwent LT at our institution. The subjects consisted of 23 boys and 17 girls (median age, 8.5 ± 0.85 yr; range, 11 months to 17 yr). The indications for LT were Wilson's disease in 10 patients, fulminant hepatic failure (FHF) in nine, and other types of chronic liver disease in 21. NCs were found in 14 patients (35%). Those 14 individuals experienced a total of 16 episodes of NCs (two separate episodes in two of the patients). The most common NCs were seizure (seven episodes in six patients) and posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome (PLES; five episodes in four patients). Seizure was the presenting symptom in three episodes of PLES. Two episodes of diffuse encephalopathy were observed in two patients, and two episodes of psychiatric symptoms occurred in two patients. We also noted one episode of tremor in one patient, one episode of acute dystonic reaction in one patient, and one episode of headache in one patient. Patients with Wilson's disease had a higher incidence of NCs (60%) than did patients without Wilson's disease (26.7%); however, this difference was not significant. The incidence of NCs was 44% in patients with FHF and 35% in those without FHF. That difference also was not significant. Immunosuppressive agents were the primary cause of 13 of the 16 episodes of NC. Uremia with hypertension, hypoxia, and hypomagnesemia caused one neurologic episode each. NCs, which are frequent in the first 30 days after pediatric LT, did not affect survival in this group. NCs were reversed by the discontinuation or reduction of immunosuppressive agents in 12 episodes, correction of hypomagnesemia and the reduction of immunosuppressive agents in one episode, and the correction of uremia and hypertension in one episode. Refractory epilepsy developed in one patient, and death unrelated to NCs occurred in one. The mortality rate was 7.1% (n = 1) in patients with NCs and 15.4% (n = 4) in those without NCs (p = 0.64). NCs are an important complication after LT. It is essential that each transplantation team collaborate with pediatric neurologists to ensure the rapid and accurate diagnosis of NCs in infants, children, and adolescents after LT and to prevent the delay of appropriate treatment. © 2007 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Retention rate of Levetiracetam in children with intractable epilepsy at 1 year$$$ Levetiracetam (LEV) is a novel antiepileptic drug (AED) that has recently obtained marketing authorisation for use in children. The purpose of this study was to assess the efficacy, tolerability and retention rate of LEV in children with refractory epilepsies. It is a retrospective multicentre observational study reporting the use of LEV in 200 children, aged 0.3-19 years (median 9-years-old) over a 4-year period. All of the patients included in the study had refractory epilepsy with a median age of onset of epilepsy of 3 years (range 0-13 years). The 38% had failed and withdrawn 3 or more AEDs previously and 24% were taking at least 2 other AEDs in addition to LEV. The 47% had focal, and 58% had symptomatic epilepsies. The LEV dose ranged from 8 to 100 mg/kg/day (mean 39 mg/kg). The study comprised 215 person years of LEV exposure. Results: LEV was well tolerated with a retention rate of 49% at 1 year. No serious adverse events were reported with possibly related adverse events reported in only 24% of patients (mainly emotional or behavioural changes). At more than 2, 6 and 12 months, worthwhile improvement (>50% seizure reduction) was noted in 60, 40 and 32%, including seizure freedom in 14, 14 and 5%, respectively. Conclusion: Our results confirm the efficacy and tolerability of LEV in children with refractory epilepsies and demonstrate good response and retention rates at 12 months. It represents the largest cohort of paediatric patients published so far on LEV with a 1-year follow-up. © 2006 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Only male mice show sensitization of handling-induced convulsions across repeated ethanol withdrawal cycles$$$ Background: Alcohol abuse, especially when experienced in multiple cycles of chronic abuse and withdrawal, leads to a sensitization of central nervous system hyperexcitability that may culminate in overt expression of seizures. In spite of the growing prevalence of alcohol abuse and dependence in females shown in recent epidemiologic studies, evidence of sexual dimorphism in the expression of alcohol withdrawal-induced seizures and the development of seizure sensitization following multiple cycles of ethanol (EtOH) exposure and withdrawal has not been examined in either animal models or in clinical reports. Methods: Subjects in these experiments were male and female C3H/Hecr mice. The female mice were intact or ovariectomized, with ovariectomized mice receiving 17-β-estradiol or placebo pellets. All mice were exposed to 4 cycles of exposure to 16-hour EtOH vapor, separated by 8-hour withdrawal periods. During each 8-hour withdrawal, hourly assessment of seizure propensity was assessed as handling-induced convulsions. Additional assessments were taken up to 72 hours after the final EtOH withdrawal cycle. Results: Male and female mice showed similar seizure propensity during an initial withdrawal from chronic EtOH. Across subsequent withdrawal cycles, however, male mice exhibited a robust increase in seizure severity beginning with the third withdrawal cycle. In marked contrast, female mice failed to demonstrate sensitization of seizure severity. The lack of seizure sensitization following up to 4 cycles of alcohol exposure and withdrawal could not be explained by hormonal status (presence or absence of estrogen) or by sex differences in blood alcohol levels. Conclusions: Male and female mice exposed to the same number of cycles of EtOH withdrawal demonstrate differences in expression of seizures. Males show the typical sensitization of seizures, or kindling response, which has been reported clinically as well as in animal models, but females do not. The reason for the lack of seizure sensitization in female mice remains to be elucidated, but may be related to sex differences in alcohol effects on excitatory/inhibitory neurotransmission, rather than to hormonal or blood alcohol level differences. Copyright © 2007 by the Research Society on Alcoholism. ER  - 
Research in child and adolescent psychopharmacology: Recent accomplishments and new challenges$$$ Rationale: Research in pediatric psychopharmacology has expanded considerably in the last 10 years. Still, controversy remains about the effectiveness and safety of commonly used psychotropics and their role in child treatment, thus pointing to the need for more in-depth and targeted investigations. Objectives: To review recent accomplishments and current limitations of pediatric psychopharmacology, and discuss approaches to further research. Methods: Selective review of the relevant literature and research in progress. Results: Controlled clinical trials have been conducted in many common psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents, thus providing a basis on which evidence-based treatment guidelines can be constructed. Little innovation has, however, occurred in treatment development and testing. Safety concerns are prominent and have a major influence on clinical practice and drug utilization. Conclusions: While a research infrastructure has been successfully built for conducting pediatric clinical trials, important aspects such as long-term treatment effects, optimal sequencing and individualization of interventions, and integration of neuroscience findings into innovative, theory-driven treatment development remain to be addressed. © 2006 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
A retrospective study of memantine in children and adolescents with pervasive developmental disorders$$$ Rationale: There are no drugs that have been shown to effectively treat the core social impairment of autism. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to examine the effectiveness and tolerability of memantine for social impairment in children and adolescents with pervasive developmental disorders (PDDs). Materials and methods: Medical records of 18 patients with PDDs consecutively treated with open-label memantine were retrospectively reviewed. The data reviewed included prospectively obtained assessments of severity (S) and improvement (I) using the Clinical Global Impressions Scale (CGI). Pretrial and follow-up parent ratings were also available on six patients using the Aberrant Behavior Checklist (ABC). Results: Eighteen patients (15 male, 3 female; mean age=11.4 years, range 6-19 years) received memantine (mean dosage=10.1 mg/day, range 2.5-20 mg/day) over a mean duration of 19.3 weeks (range 1.5-56 weeks). Eleven of 18 (61%) patients were judged responders to memantine based on a rating of "much improved" or "very much improved" on the CGI-I. Significant improvement was also seen on the CGI-S. Improvement was primarily seen clinically in social withdrawal and inattention. Adverse effects occurred in 7 of 18 (39%) patients and led to drug discontinuation in 4 of 18 (22%) patients. Thirteen of 18 (72%) patients received stable doses of concomitant medications during the memantine trial. Conclusions: In this open-label retrospective study, memantine was effective in a number of patients with PDDs. Controlled studies are warranted to further assess the efficacy and safety of memantine in PDDs. © 2006 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
The pharmacological management of childhood anxiety disorders: A review$$$ Rationale: Pediatric anxiety is a prevalent psychiatric disorder that may have important implications for school, social, and academic function. Psychopharmacological approaches to the treatment of pediatric anxiety have expanded over the past 20 years and increasing empirical evidence helps guide current clinical practice. Objective: To review studies which examine the pharmacological treatment of pediatric anxiety disorders, including obsessive-compulsive disorder and to summarize treatment implications. Methods: All relevant studies were searched using MEDLINE and PsycINFO search engines, supplemented by a manual bibliographical search; studies published between 1985 and 2006 that met inclusion criteria were examined. Results: This article provides a systematic review of the psychopharmacological treatment of pediatric anxiety disorders based on available empirical evidence, with a focus on randomized controlled trials. General treatment principles and pharmacological management of specific pediatric anxiety disorders are also reviewed. Conclusion: There is good evidence to support the efficacy of several pharmacological agents including the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors to treat pediatric anxiety and obsessive-compulsive disorder, although there are still many unanswered questions. © 2007 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
ADHD$$$ In 2007, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has become more widely accepted as a relatively common disorder. It can result in wide-ranging impairments, and there are clear benefits associated with treatment. However, there are still many unknowns, and understanding of aetiology, diagnosis and management continues to develop. Debate and controversy also continue, with some still doubting the validity of the diagnosis or the need for treatment. This picture is constantly changed by new and ongoing research in the developmental disorder field, and by new concerns, such as those raised in relation to patterns of adverse events and diagnostic threshold. This review aims to provide an update on developments in our understanding of ADHD since it was last covered by Medicine in 2004 (Medicine 32:8). © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacological and clinical evaluation of l-asparaginase in the treatment of leukemia$$$ l-Asparaginase is an effective antineoplastic agent, used in the acute lymphoblastic leukemia chemotherapy. It has been an integral part of combination chemotherapy protocols of pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia for almost 3 decades. The potential of l-asparaginase as a drug of leukemia has been a matter of discussion due to the high rate of allergic reactions exhibited by the patients receiving the medication of this enzyme drug. Frequent need of intramuscular injection has been another disadvantage associated with the native preparation. However, of late these clinical complications seem to have been addressed by modified versions of l-asparaginase. PEG-l-asparaginase proves to be most effective in this regard. It becomes important to discuss the efficacy of l-asparaginase as an antileukemic drug vis-a-vis these disadvantages. In this review, an attempt has been made to critically evaluate the pharmacological and clinical potential of various preparations of l-asparaginase as a drug. Advantages of PEG-l-asparaginase over native preparations and historical developments of therapy with l-asparaginase have also been outlined in the review below. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adverse events associated with the use of oral cephalosporins/cephems$$$ Historically, oral cephalosporins represent one of the most widely used and safest classes of antimicrobials available. Typical adverse events have included nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and hypersensitivity reactions. Other more serious events such as pseudomembranous colitis, although infrequent, may occur. The exact type and incidence of adverse events varies depending on the cephalosporin being administered. Differences in adverse event profiles may also vary by age of the patient. Reactions are usually not severe and often do not require termination of therapy. The purpose of this review is to present to healthcare providers the historical safety profile of the most commonly used oral cephalosporins. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Benign Epilepsy of Childhood With Rolandic Spikes: Typical and Atypical Variants$$$ Clinical course and outcome were compared for 126 children with typical and atypical features of benign epilepsy of childhood with rolandic spikes (BECRS). A retrospective case series design was used, in the setting of a tertiary-care pediatric hospital. The subjects were subdivided into two groups, based on clinical presentation. Group A comprised children with typical features of BECRS (n = 66; 52%) and Group B, those with atypical features (n = 60; 48%). Patients' charts were reviewed for demographic data, family history, comorbid conditions, atypical clinical features, anti-epileptic drugs, and outcome data. Comorbid disorders (e.g., attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, behavioral problems) were slightly more frequent in the atypical group. Overall, there was no difference between the time to become seizure free between the groups: by two years, 41 of 66 in Group A (62%) and 44 of 60 in Group B (71%) were controlled on medication and seizure free. Twenty of the 126 children (16%) required trial of a second anti-epileptic drug: 7 in Group A and 13 in Group B. Resolution of the epilepsy occurred in about the same length of time in both groups (but at different ages, consistent with different age of onset). Both groups had similar long-term outcome. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of anticonvulsants in elderly patients with psychiatric disorders: Oxcarbazepine, topiramate and gabapentin$$$ Few controlled studies are available to guide the clinician in treating potentially assaultive elderly individuals with psychiatric disorders. Safety concerns limit the use of benzodiazepines and antipsychotic medications in the elderly individual, making anticonvulsants an attractive alternative. This paper reviews three specific anticonvulsants for this purpose: gabapentin, oxcarbazepine and topiramate, describing safety and efficacy in elderly patients with severe agitation from psychosis or dementia. Gabapentin, renally excreted, with a half-life of 6.5 - 10.5 h, may cause ataxia. Oxcarbazapine, hepatically reduced, may cause hyponatremia, and topiramate may cause significant cognitive impairment. Nonetheless, these are important medications to consider in the treatment of agitation. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Depression in epilepsy: Phenomenology, diagnosis and management$$$ 1) Depression is a common and important accompaniment of epilepsy. 2) Depression in epilepsy is phenomenologically different from the usual forms of depression and it is essential that treating physicians assess for these varied forms as well. 3) Depression in epilepsy may be managed more effectively if the relationship to the ictus is better understood. 4) Other factors such as stressful life events, related or unrelated to epilepsy, may contribute to the depressive symptoms. 5) Antiepileptic drugs, particularly GABAergic agents such as vigabatrin, tiagabine, topiramate and phenobarbitone are depressogenic in nature. 6) The newer antidepressants, SSRIs such as sertraline, citalopram and paroxetine do not lower seizure threshold and can be safely used to treat depression in epileptic individuals. Fluoxetine may be avoided because of its longer half-life. ER  - 
Extended-release bupropion: An antidepressant with a broad spectrum of therapeutic activity?$$$ Bupropion, a noradrenaline and dopamine re-uptake inhibitor, has long been indicated for the treatment of depression. Recent studies have demonstrated additional benefits in depression, including: prevention of the recurrence of seasonal affective disorder in depressive subtypes with decreased energy, pleasure and interest; in major depression with concomitant anxiety; in elderly depressed patients; for non-response to initial serotonin re-uptake inhibitor therapy or augmentation of partial efficacy with serotonin re-uptake inhibitors; and in bipolar depression. Efficacy in other conditions has also been shown in studies of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, nicotine dependence, obesity and hypoactive sexual desire disorder. Thus, bupropion has proven effective across a broad spectrum of depressive conditions, subtypes and comorbidities. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in clinical practice: Long-term experience in patients with refractory epilepsy referred to a tertiary epilepsy center$$$ Objective: For the treatment of patients with chronic refractory epilepsies, development of new antiepileptic drugs is crucial. Three regulatory trials have demonstrated that add-on levetiracetam is efficacious in patients with localization-related epilepsy. However, results from these highly controlled short-term clinical trials cannot simply be extrapolated to everyday clinical practice. Therefore, more information is needed about the long-term profile of a new antiepileptic drug in clinical practice. Method: We analyzed all patients who had been treated with levetiracetam in the Epilepsy Centre Kempenhaeghe from the introduction of the drug in early 2001 up to a final assessment point, at the end of 2003, using a medical information system. Results: In total, 301 patients were included. One hundred thirty-eight patients (45.8%) discontinued LEV treatment during the 24-month follow-up period. Reasons for discontinuation were lack of efficacy in 15.9% of patients, adverse events in 6.0% of patients, and a combination of lack of efficacy and adverse events in 16.3% of patients. By Kaplan-Meier survival analysis, the continuation rate was 65.6% after 1 year and 45.8% after 2 years. About 15% of patients in this highly refractory group had a 3-month remission, whereas 10% of patients became seizure-free for longer periods. The most frequently reported side effects at the time of discontinuation were mood disorders, tiredness, and sleepiness. Variables predicting (dis)continuation of levetiracetam treatment could not be identified. Conclusion: Levetiracetam is a new antiepileptic drug that appears to be a useful add-on treatment in patients with refractory epilepsy. Its side effect profile is mild, with mood disorders being the most dominant adverse event. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neurochemistry and pharmacological treatments: Where is the field of anorexia nervosa heading?$$$ Anorexia nervosa is a debilitating psychiatric disorder characterized by severe dietary restriction and lifethreatening weight loss. The onset of the disorder typically occurs during adolescence with 90-95% of all cases occurring in females. Often characterized by a chronic and relapsing course, anorexia nervosa has one of the highest mortality rates of any psychiatric disorder. Although the etiology is unknown, a complex interplay of genetic, neurobiological, and environmental variables appear to factor into the development of the disorder. Accumulating evidence supports altered serotonin 5-HT1A, 5-HT2A, and 5-HTT receptor binding in anorexia nervosa, with more recent studies examining dopamine D2/D3 receptor binding. Despite this increasing knowledge of neurotransmitter alterations, there are few effective treatment strategies, with pharmacological treatments having minimal efficacy during the acute phase of illness. Thus, the goal of this paper is to provide an overview of neurochemical alterations during the ill state and following long-term recovery. This will be followed by a review of pharmacological treatment studies of anorexia nervosa that will focus on the limited efficacy of SSRIs and more promising findings from atypical antipsychotics. Given the combination of receptors targeted by newer generation atypical antipsychotics, these drugs may provide a more efficient means for modulating the neurobiological disturbances seen in anorexia nervosa. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Perimenstrual catamenial epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy affects 50 million people worldwide, including women afflicted with catamenial epilepsy. Catamenial epilepsy is a form of epilepsy in which seizures are clustered around specific points in the menstrual cycle, most frequently during the perimenstrual or periovulatory phase. Although there are a number of standard and newer antiepileptic drugs for epilepsy, no specific drugs exist to treat catamenial seizures, which affect at least one in three women with epilepsy. Moreover, the molecular pathophysiology of catamenial seizures remains unclear. This article describes the pathophysiology, hormonal basis, diagnosis and treatment of perimenstrual catamenial epilepsy. Natural progesterone and synthetic neurosteroid replacement appears to be a suitable therapeutic approach for catamenial epilepsy. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Management of bulimia nervosa$$$ Bulimia nervosa is a disorder of complex etiology that tends to occur in young women. These individuals binge eat and purge by vomiting or other means, and often have depression, anxiety, substance abuse and extremes of impulse control. It is thought that binge eating and purging behaviors are, at least in part, a means of coping with dysphoric mood states and interpersonal stress. Bulimic symptoms are not likely to abate without development of new coping skills and behaviors. In the past 25 years, considerable progress has been made in developing specific psychotherapies and medication for the treatment of bulimia nervusa. Despite this progress, many individuals have partial responses to therapy and may remain chronically ill. This complex illness often requires a multidisciplinary team of professionals for effective management and, despite significant advances in treatment, bulimia nervosa continues to present major challenges for providers of care. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Useful adjuvants for postoperative pain management$$$ Adjuvants are compounds which by themselves have undesirable side-effects or low potency but in combination with opioids allow a reduction of narcotic dosing for postoperative pain control. Adjuvants are needed for postoperative pain management due to side-effects of opioid analgesics, which hinder recovery, especially in the increasingly utilized ambulatory surgical procedures. NMDA antagonists have psychomimetic side-effects at high doses, but at moderate doses do not cause stereotypic behavior but allow reduction in opioid dose to obtain better pain control. Alpha-2 adrenergic agonists cause sedation, hypotension and bradycardia at moderate doses, but at low doses can be opioid sparing especially in spinal administration. Gabapentin-like compounds have low potency against acute pain, but in combination with opioids allow a reduction in opioid dose with improved analgesia. Corticosteroids may have only a limited role as adjuvants while acetylcholine esterase inhibitors may have too many side-effects. Newer adjuvants will be needed to reduce opioid dose and concomitant side-effects, even more as same day surgeries become more routine. ER  - 
Tricyclic antidepressant poisoning: An evidence-based consensus guideline for out-of-hospital management$$$ A review of U.S. poison center data for 2004 showed over 12,000 exposures to tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs). A guideline that determines the conditions for emergency department referral and prehospital care could potentially optimize patient outcome, avoid unnecessary emergency department visits, reduce healthcare costs, and reduce life disruption for patients and caregivers. An evidence-based expert consensus process was used to create the guideline. Relevant articles were abstracted by a trained physician researcher. The first draft of the guideline was created by the lead author. The entire panel discussed and refined the guideline before distribution to secondary reviewers for comment. The panel then made changes based on the secondary review comments. The objective of this guideline is to assist poison center personnel in the appropriate prehospital triage and management of patients with suspected ingestions of TCAs by 1) describing the manner in which an ingestion of a TCA might be managed, 2) identifying the key decision elements in managing cases of TCA ingestion, 3) providing clear and practical recommendations that reflect the current state of knowledge, and 4) identifying needs for research. This guideline applies to ingestion of TCAs alone. Co-ingestion of additional substances could require different referral and management recommendations depending on their combined toxicities. This guideline is based on the assessment of current scientific and clinical information. The panel recognizes that specific patient care decisions may be at variance with this guideline and are the prerogative of the patient and the health professionals providing care, considering all the circumstances involved. This guideline does not substitute for clinical judgment. Recommendations are in chronological order of likely clinical use. The grade of recommendation is in parentheses. 1) Patients with suspected self-harm or who are the victims of malicious administration of a TCA should be referred to an emergency department immediately (Grade D). 2) Patients with acute TCA ingestions who are less than 6 years of age and other patients without evidence of self-harm should have further evaluation including standard history taking and determination of the presence of co-ingestants (especially other psychopharmaceutical agents) and underlying exacerbating conditions, such as convulsions or cardiac arrhythmias. Ingestion of a TCA in combination with other drugs might warrant referral to an emergency department. The ingestion of a TCA by a patient with significant underlying cardiovascular or neurological disease should cause referral to an emergency department at a lower dose than for other individuals. Because of the potential severity of TCA poisoning, transportation by EMS, with close monitoring of clinical status and vital signs en route, should be considered (Grade D). 3) Patients who are symptomatic (e.g., weak, drowsy, dizzy, tremulous, palpitations) after a TCA ingestion should be referred to an emergency department (Grade B). 4) Ingestion of either of the following amounts (whichever is lower) would warrant consideration of referral to an emergency department: an amount that exceeds the usual maximum single therapeutic dose or an amount equal to or greater than the lowest reported toxic dose. For all TCAs except desipramine, nortriptyline, trimipramine, and protriptyline, this dose is >5 mg/kg. For despiramine it is >2.5 mg/kg; for nortriptyline it is >2.5 mg/kg; for trimipramine it is >2.5 mg/kg; and for protriptyline it is >1 mg/kg. This recommendation applies to both patients who are naïve to the specific TCA and to patients currently taking cyclic antidepressants who take extra doses, in which case the extra doses should be added to the daily dose taken and then compared to the threshold dose for referral to an emergency department (Grades B/C). 5) Do not induce emesis (Grade D). 6) The risk-to-benefit ratio of prehospital activated charcoal for gastrointestinal decontamination in TCA poisoning is unknown. Prehospital activated charcoal administration, if available, should only be carried out by health professionals and only if no contraindications are present. Do not delay transportation in order to administer activated charcoal (Grades B/D). 7) For unintentional poisonings, asymptomatic patients are unlikely to develop symptoms if the interval between the ingestion and the initial call to a poison center is greater than 6 hours. These patients do not need referral to an emergency department facility (Grade C). 8) Follow-up calls to determine the outcome for a TCA ingestions ideally should be made within 4 hours of the initial call to a poison center and then at appropriate intervals thereafter based on the clinical judgment of the poison center staff (Grade D). 9) An ECG or rhythm strip, if available, should be checked during the prehospital assessment of a TCA overdose patient. A wide-complex arrhythmia with a QRS duration longer than 100 msec is an indicator that the patient should be immediately stabilized, given sodium bicarbonate if there is a protocol for its use, and transported to an emergency department (Grade B). 10) Symptomatic patients with TCA poisoning might require prehospital interventions, such as intravenous fluids, cardiovascular agents, and respiratory support, in accordance with standard ACLS guidelines (Grade D). 11) Administration of sodium bicarbonate might be beneficial for patients with severe or life-threatening TCA toxicity if there is a prehospital protocol for its use (Grades B/D). 12) For TCA-associated convulsions, benzodiazepines are recommended (Grade D). 13) Flumazenil is not recommended for patients with TCA poisoning (Grade D). Copyright © Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
Treatment of acromegaly: Is there still a place for radiotherapy?$$$ Objective: To evaluate efficacy and safety of radiotherapy on acromegaly treatment. Design and patients: We followed retrospectively 99 acromegalic patients for at least one year after radiotherapy (RT). RT had been performed after unsuccessful surgery in 91 patients and as primary treatment in eight. Time elapsed between surgery and RT was 1.4 ± 2.4 years. Mean follow-up after RT was 5.9 ± 4.7 years (1-16 years). All patients were treated with linear accelerator, 89 by conventional (3240-6000 cGY) and ten by stereotactic RT. Measurements: Biochemical remission was defined as GH ± 2.5 ng/ml and IGF-I normalization. Results: At latest follow-up, 54% of patients had serum GH level <2.5 ng/ml; 42% had normal IGF-I and 38% of patients achieved normalization of both. Controlled patients had lower baseline GH and IGF-I levels compared to uncontrolled ones. They achieved remission after 3.8 ± 2.4 years, a significantly lower time length compared to maximum follow-up of uncontrolled (6.0 ± 4.9 year). Results regarding GH and IGF-I levels were similar in patients treated either primarily or after surgery. No patient showed tumor growth. Visual field defects were observed in four, seizures in one, and mental disorders in two patients, although cognitive function were not properly assessed. At the last follow-up, 47% of patients had acquired at least one hormonal deficiency. Conclusions: There is still a place for RT in acromegaly treatment, mainly for: after non-curative surgery and poor response or inaccessibility to medical treatment; growth restraining of aggressive macroadenomas; co-morbidities that contraindicate surgery and surgery refusal. However, side effects and latency period to achieve disease control should be kept in mind. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007. ER  - 
Amantadine therapy in traumatic brain injury patients$$$ Objective: To review literature on amantadine therapy in patients with traumatic brain injury (TBI). Data Sources: MEDLINE (1966-March 2006), EMBASE (1974-March 2006), BIOSIS (1969-March 2006), and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (1970-March 2006) were searched to identify papers on the clinical outcomes of patients with TBI treated with amantadine. A bibliographic search was also performed. Study Selection and Data Extraction: Papers were excluded if they were not published in English, if they included patients less than 16 years old, or if they included patients in whom the effects of multiple medications, rather than amantadine alone, were studied. Reports were categorized according to the time of initiation of amantadine following the injury. Data Synthesis: Reports examining early initiation of amantadine suggest a possible benefit for treatment of decreased responsiveness and functional recovery. One report examining late initiation of amantadine failed to demonstrate benefit in the treatment of motor impairment, while 2 reports suggested possible improvement of functional recovery. Finally, reports examining late initiation of amantadine in the treatment of cognitive and behavioral therapy demonstrated possible benefit. Conclusions: Further investigation is needed before either early or late initiation of amantadine can be recommended for treatment of decreased responsiveness and functional recovery. However, while additional research is conducted, late initiation of amantadine can be considered an option for the treatment of cognitive and behavioral impairments in patients with TBI. ER  - 
Natural approaches to epilepsy$$$ This article reviews research on the use of diet, nutritional supplements, and hormones in the treatment of epilepsy. Potentially beneficial dietary interventions include identifying and treating blood glucose dysregulation, identifying and avoiding allergenic foods, and avoiding suspected triggering agents such as alcohol, aspartame, and monosodium glutamate. The ketogenic diet may be considered for severe, treatment-resistant cases. The Atkins diet (very low in carbohydrates) is a less restrictive type of ketogenic diet that may be effective in some cases. Nutrients that may reduce seizure frequency include vitamin B6, magnesium, vitamin E, manganese, taurine, dimethylglycine, and omega-3 fatty acids. Administration of thiamine may improve cognitive function in patients with epilepsy. Supplementation with folic acid, vitamin B6, biotin, vitamin D, and L-carnitine may be needed to prevent or treat deficiencies resulting from the use of anticonvulsant drugs. Vitamin K1 has been recommended near the end of pregnancy for women taking anticonvulsants. Melatonin may reduce seizure frequency in some cases, and progesterone may be useful for women with cyclic exacerbations of seizures. In most cases, nutritional therapy is not a substitute for anticonvulsant medications. However, in selected cases, depending on the effectiveness of the interventions, dosage reductions or discontinuation of medications may be possible. ER  - 
Levetiracetam: Part II, the clinical profile of a novel anticonvulsant drug$$$ The objective of this article was to review and summarize the available reports on the profile of the novel anticonvulsant drug levetiracetam (LEV) in a clinical setting. Therefore, a careful search was conducted in the MEDLINE database and combined with guidelines from regulatory agencies, proceedings of professional scientific meetings, and information provided by the manufacturers. This article is devoted to the clinical pharmacology and clinical trials of LEV investigating its efficacy and safety as add-on therapy or monotherapy for various seizure types. Finally, results from postmarketing surveillance of LEV are briefly discussed. In general, LEV is shown to be a safe, broad-spectrum anticonvulsant drug with highly beneficial pharmacokinetic properties, a favorable long-term retention rate, and a high responder rate, indicating that LEV is an efficient therapeutic option for the treatment of several types of epilepsy. © 2007 Blackwell Publishing Inc. ER  - 
Atomoxetine versus methylphenidate in paediatric outpatients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: A randomized, double-blind comparison trial$$$ Objective: To (i) test whether atomoxetine is non-inferior to methylphenidate in treating symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in paediatric patients; and (ii) determine the tolerability of the two drugs. Method: This double-blind study was conducted in 6- to 16-year-old outpatients with ADHD (DSM-IV) in China, Korea and Mexico (January-October 2004). Patients were randomly assigned to once-daily atomoxetine (0.8-1.8 mg kg-1 day-1; n = 164) or twice-daily methylphenidate (0.2-0.6 mg kg-1 day-1; n = 166) for ̃ 8 weeks. Primary efficacy assessment was the comparison of response rates (≥40% reduction from baseline to end point in total score) on the Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale-IV-Parent Version: Investigator-Administered and -Scored. Tolerability measures included, but were not limited to, the assessment of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and weight. Results: Atomoxetine was non-inferior to methylphenidate in improving ADHD symptoms based on response rates (atomoxetine, 77.4%; methylphenidate, 81.5%; one-sided 95% lower confidence limit = -11.7%, p = 0.404). Treatment-emergent adverse effects experienced significantly more frequently in the atomoxetine group, compared with the methylphenidate group, included anorexia (37.2% vs. 25.3%; p = 0.024), nausea (20.1% vs. 10.2%; p = 0.014), somnolence (26.2% vs. 3.6%; p < 0.001), dizziness (15.2% vs. 7.2%; p = 0.024) and vomiting (11.6% vs. 3.6%; p = 0.007), most of which were of mild or moderate severity. Atomoxetine-treated patients experienced a small but significantly greater mean weight loss from baseline to end point than methylphenidate-treated patients (-1.2 kg vs. -0.4 kg; p <0.001). Conclusions: This study suggests that atomoxetine is non-inferior to methylphenidate in the improvement of ADHD symptoms in paediatric outpatients. Although both of the drugs were well tolerated, atomoxetine was associated with a higher incidence of TEAEs than methylphenidate. ER  - 
Diagnosis and treatment of hypertensive crises in the elderly patients$$$ Hypertension is a common clinical problem in the elderly worldwide and physicians of all types are likely to encounter patients with hypertensive urgencies and emergencies in these patients. Although various terms have been applied to these conditions, they are all characterized by acute elevations in blood pressure and evidence of end-organ injury. Prompt, but carefully considered therapy is necessary to limit morbidity and mortality. A wide range of pharmacologic alternatives are available to the practitioner to control blood pressure and treat complications in these patients. The management of the elderly patient with hypertensive crises needs to include close monitoring and a gentle decline in blood pressure to avoid catastrophic complications, exacerbation of ischemic myopathy, and vascular insufficiency. ER  - 
Depression in primary care$$$ Depression is common in primary care settings, affecting at least 10% of primary care patients. It carries medical and psychiatric comorbidity, increasing the risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension, stroke, medically unexplained (functional) symptoms, chronic pain, anxiety disorders, and substance abuse. Diagnosis and treatment are straightforward for many patients. The greatest current challenge is to recognize and relieve symptoms of treatment-resistant depression. This article reviews current approaches to diagnosing and treating depression, especially treatment-resistant forms of depression. ER  - 
Treating tobacco dependence: Review of the best and latest treatment options$$$ Globally, an estimated 85% of lung cancer in men and 47% of lung cancer in women is attributable to tobacco smoking. Tobacco dependence treatment remains the most cost-effective way to prevent morbidity and mortality from lung cancer. Several effective pharmacotherapies are available to treat tobacco dependence. However, the long-term effectiveness of these treatments has been limited because the majority of smokers who attempt to stop smoking eventually relapse. Approaching the treatment of tobacco use and dependence as a chronic disease and the development of innovative drug therapies offer new hope for the treatment of tobacco-dependent patients. The diagnosis of lung cancer provides a teachable moment to motivate patients to attempt tobacco abstinence on which clinicians should capitalize. We review the currently available pharmacologic approaches to the treatment of tobacco dependence. © 2007International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer. ER  - 
Treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents: Safety considerations$$$ Despite a large body of evidence for both the validity of the diagnosis of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and the efficacy of its treatment with medication, there is an equally long history of controversy. This article focuses on presenting safety information for medications approved by the US FDA for the treatment of individuals with ADHD. Stimulant medications are generally safe and effective. The common adverse effects of stimulant medications, including appetite suppression and insomnia, are usually of mild severity and manageable without stopping the medication. The more severe adverse effects such as tics or bizarre behaviours occur with low frequency and usually resolve when the medication is stopped. The possible impact on growth requires careful monitoring. Several rare but potentially severe adverse effects including sudden cardiac death and cancer following long-term treatment have been reported; however, these effects have not been adequately demonstrated to be of significant concern at this time. Atomoxetine also has a mild adverse effect profile in terms of severity and frequency although the numbers of studies and years of clinical experience is considerably less with this drug than for the stimulant medications. When the risks are juxtaposed to the clear efficacy in significantly reducing dysfunctional symptoms of ADHD, benefit-risk analyses support the continued use of these pharmacological treatments for patients with ADHD. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Restarting clozapine after neutropenia: Evaluating the possibilities and practicalities$$$ Clozapine remains the antipsychotic of choice for refractory schizophrenia despite its propensity for serious blood disorders. When neutropenia or agranulocytosis occur in people taking clozapine, cessation of treatment is mandated and relapse often results. Because such patients are usually unresponsive to other antipsychotics, many clinicians consider restarting clozapine, despite the risks involved. However, the risks of clozapine rechallenge vary according to the cause and nature of the blood dyscrasia. Neutropenia can arise because of factors unrelated or indirectly related to clozapine treatment. These include benign ethnic neutropenia, concomitant drug therapy, co-existing medical conditions and drug interactions. In such cases, clozapine may be restarted if non-clozapine causes of neutropenia are identified and eliminated, although concurrent treatment with lithium (to induce leukocytosis) is sometimes necessary. Close monitoring of the patient is essential because it is rarely possible to completely rule out the contribution of clozapine to the blood dyscrasia and because lithium does not protect against clozapine-related agranulocytosis. In cases of clozapine-induced neutropenia (as distinct from agranulocytosis, which may have a different pathology) rechallenge may also be considered and, again, lithium co-therapy may be required. Where clozapine is clearly the cause of agranulocytosis, rechallenge should not be considered or undertaken unless there are very exceptional circumstances (severe and prolonged relapse following clozapine discontinuation). In these cases, re-exposure to clozapine may rarely be attempted where there are facilities for very close and frequent monitoring. Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor is likely to be required as co-therapy, given the very high likelihood of recurrence. Uncertainty over the likely cause of blood dyscrasia in people taking clozapine, coupled with uncertainty over the mechanism by which clozapine causes both neutropenia and agranulocytosis, makes any attempt to restart clozapine a high-risk venture requiring the utmost caution. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Thirty years of clinical experience with carbamazepine in the treatment of bipolar illness: Principles and practice$$$ Carbamazepine began to be studied in a systematic fashion in the 1970s and became more widely used in the treatment of bipolar disorder in the 1980s. Interest in carbamazepine has been renewed by (i) the recent US FDA approval of a long-acting preparation for the treatment of acute mania; (ii) studies suggesting some efficacy in bipolar depression; and (iii) evidence of prophylactic efficacy in some difficult-to-treat subtypes of bipolar illness. A series of double-blind controlled studies of the drug were conducted at the US National Institute of Mental Health from the mid-1970s to the mid-1990s. This review summarises our experience in the context of the current literature on the clinical efficacy, adverse effects and pharmacokinetic interactions of carbamazepine. Carbamazepine has an important and still evolving place in the treatment of acute mania and long-term prophylaxis. It may be useful in individuals with symptoms that are not responsive to other treatments and in some subtypes of bipolar disorder that are not typically responsive to a more traditional agent such as lithium. These subtypes might include those patients with bipolar II disorder, dysphoric mania, substance abuse co-morbidity, mood incongruent delusions, and a negative family history of bipolar illness in first-degree relatives. In addition, carbamazepine may be useful in patients who do not adequately tolerate other interventions as a result of adverse effects, such as weight gain, tremor, diabetes insipidus or polycystic ovarian syndrome. We review our clinical and research experience with carbamazepine alone and in combination with lithium, valproic acid and other agents in complex combination treatment of bipolar illness. More precise clinical and biological predictors and correlates of individual clinical responsiveness to carbamazepine and other mood stabilisers are eagerly awaited. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Beyond the evidence: Is there a place for antidepressant combinations in the pharmacotherapy of depression?$$$ • Up to 45% of patients with debilitating and potentially lethal depressive illness do not achieve remission with initial drug treatment. • Using combinations of antidepressants as an early option for treatment-resistant depression has become increasingly common. • Before trying combination therapy, it is essential first to ensure diagnosis is correct, and then to optimise antidepressant monotherapy, using an effective dose for an adequate period. • Subsequently, augmentation of antidepressants with lithium and triiodothyronine should be considered, as these strategies are strongly supported by numerous clinical trials. Electroconvulsive therapy is the most effective treatment for severe depression. • There is little evidence to support use of antidepressant combinations. Risk of toxicity and drug interactions mandate that combinations be used as a last resort, and only in specialist settings. ER  - 
Effect of lamotrigine on depressive symptoms in adult patients with epilepsy$$$ In this investigation, the effects of lamotrigine versus placebo on depressive symptoms in patients with epilepsy were prospectively assessed. This investigation was a secondary analysis of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study in which adult patients received adjunctive lamotrigine (n = 32) or placebo (n = 38) for a 7-week dose escalation phase, followed by a 12-week maintenance phase, for primary generalized tonic-clonic (PGTC) seizures. Mood symptoms were assessed with the Beck Depression Inventory, second edition (BDI-II), the Profile of Mood States (POMS), and the Cornell Dysthymia Rating Scale-Self-Report (CDRS). Mean (SD) BDI-II scores at screening reflected mild depressive symptoms and were similar between groups (lamotrigine 18.3 (12.1), placebo 16.8 (12.0)). At the end of the maintenance phase, mean (SD) improvement from baseline was greater with lamotrigine than placebo with respect to BDI-II score (lamotrigine 8.9 (7.6), placebo 1.7 (8.5), P = 0.01) and POMS total score (lamotrigine 32.0 (30.4), placebo 6.5 (32.3), P = 0.03) and numerically greater with lamotrigine than placebo for CDRS score (lamotrigine 7.3 (7.8), placebo 4.1 (13.9), P = 0.50). Among the subset of patients with at least mild depression (BDI-II score ≥ 10), mean improvement from baseline was numerically, but not statistically significantly, greater with lamotrigine (11.5, n = 13) than placebo (3.1, n = 18) (P = 0.054). Median percentage reductions in seizure frequency were significantly greater with lamotrigine than placebo during the escalation phase, the maintenance phase, and the escalation and maintenance phases combined for PGTC seizures and all generalized seizures. However, improvement in seizure frequency was not correlated with improvement in mood (r = 0.1, P = ns). Compared with placebo, lamotrigine improved mood symptoms independently of seizure reduction in patients with generalized seizures. Lamotrigine may be useful in treating patients with epilepsy and comorbid depressive symptoms. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Lamotrigine in patients with epilepsy and comorbid depressive symptoms$$$ Purpose: This open-label study evaluated the antidepressant qualities of lamotrigine (LTG) in people with epilepsy. Methods: Eligible patients exhibited low to moderate depressive symptoms and required a change in antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy, but were excluded if they had a major depressive disorder (MDD). Lamotrigine was added onto a stable AED regimen, and self-report instruments were administered to evaluate changes in mood states. Evaluations were conducted at baseline, at the end of 19 weeks of adjunctive treatment, and 36 weeks following conversion to monotherapy. Results: One hundred and fifty-eight patients with epilepsy participated; 96 patients completed adjunctive treatment, and 66 patients completed monotherapy. Intent-to-treat analyses for all instruments showed improvement in depression scores after adjunctive LTG treatment. Improvement was maintained for those converted to monotherapy. Conclusions: These data suggest that LTG may have antidepressant activity for patients with epilepsy and comorbid low to moderate depressive symptoms, and warrant a randomized controlled trial for validation. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of melatonin on sleep, behavior, and cognition in ADHD and chronic sleep-onset insomnia$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of melatonin treatment on sleep, behavior, cognition, and quality of life in children with attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and chronic sleep onset insomnia. METHOD: A total of 105 medication-free children, ages 6 to 12 years, with rigorously diagnosed ADHD and chronic sleep onset insomnia participated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial using 3 or 6 mg melatonin (depending on body weight), or placebo for 4 weeks. Primary outcome parameters were actigraphy-derived sleep onset, total time asleep, and salivary dim light melatonin onset. RESULTS: Sleep onset advanced by 26.9 ± 47.8 minutes with melatonin and delayed by 10.5 ± 37.4 minutes with placebo (p < .0001). There was an advance in dim light melatonin onset of 44.4 ± 67.9 minutes in melatonin and a delay of 12.8 ± 60.0 minutes in placebo (p < .0001). Total time asleep increased with melatonin (19.8 ± 61.9 minutes) as compared to placebo (-13.6 ± 50.6 minutes; p = .01). There was no significant effect on behavior, cognition, and quality of life, and significant adverse events did not occur. CONCLUSION: Melatonin advanced circadian rhythms of sleep-wake and endogenous melatonin and enhanced total time asleep in children with ADHD and chronic sleep onset insomnia; however, no effect was found on problem behavior, cognitive performance, or quality of life. Copyright 2007 © American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. ER  - 
A North American brain tumor consortium (NABTC 99-04) phase II trial of temozolomide plus thalidomide for recurrent glioblastoma multiforme$$$ Background: Laboratory and clinical data suggest that the anti-angiogenic agent, thalidomide, if combined with cytotoxic agents, may be effective against recurrent glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). Objectives: To determine 6-month progression-free survival (6PFS) and toxicity of temozolomide plus thalidomide in adults with recurrent GBM. Patients and methods: Eligible patients had recurrent GBM after surgery, radiotherapy, and/or adjuvant chemotherapy. Temozolomide was given at 150-200 mg/m2/day on days 1-5 of each 28-day cycle. Thalidomide was given orally at 400 mg at bedtime (days 1-28) and increased to 1,200 mg as tolerated. Patients were evaluated with magnetic resonance imaging scans every 56 days. The study was designed to detect an increase of the historical 6PFS for GBM from 10 to 30%. Results: Forty-four patients were enrolled, 43 were evaluable for efficacy and safety. The study population included 15 women, 29 men; median age was 53 years (range 32-84); median Karnofsky performance status was 80% (range 60-100%). Thirty-six (82%) patients were chemotherapy-naïve. There were 57 reports of toxicity of grade 3 or greater. Non-fatal grade 3-4 granulocytopenia occurred in 15 patients (34%). The objective response rate was 7%. The estimated probability of being progression-free at 6 months with this therapy is 24% [95% confidence interval (C.I.) 12-38%]. The median time to progression is 15 weeks (95% C.I. 10-20 weeks). There was no observed correlation between serum levels of vascular endothelial growth factor, basic fibroblast growth factor, and IL-8 and the 6PFS outcome. Conclusion: This drug combination was reasonably safe, but with little indication of improvement compared to temozolomide alone. © Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2006. ER  - 
New agents for managing hyponatremia in hospitalized patients$$$ Purpose. An overview of hyponatremia is provided, including its pathophysiology, clinical manifestations, signs and symptoms, and treatment, particularly with arginine vasopressin (AVP)-receptor antagonists. Summary. Hyponatremia (generally defined as a serum sodium concentration of <135 meq/L) is one of the most common electrolyte disorders in hospitalized and clinic patients. It may be caused by a number of conditions, including infections, heart disease, surgery, malignancy, and medication use. Clinical signs and symptoms such as hallucinations, lethargy, weakness, bradycardia, respiratory depression, seizures, coma, and death have been reported. Conventional treatment consists of fluid restriction and administration of hypertonic saline and pharmacologic agents, such as demeclocycline, lithium carbonate, and urea. These treatment options are often of limited effectiveness or difficult for patients to tolerate. AVP promotes the reabsorption of water in the renal collecting ducts by activation of V2 receptors, resulting in water retention and dilution of serum solutes. The AVP-receptor antagonists, conivaptan, lixivaptan, and tolvaptan, are being studied for the treatment of hyponatremia. Conivaptan has been shown in clinical trials to increase free-water excretion and safely normalize serum sodium concentrations in patients with hyponatremia and is well tolerated. Also in clinical trials, lixivaptan and tolvaptan have safely improved serum sodium concentrations in patients with hyponatremia. Conclusion. Hyponatremia is a serious health condition for which treatment should be carefully performed. As new agents for treating hyponatremia, AVP-receptor antagonists have demonstrated efficacy and safety in clinical trials and may serve as significant improvements in the current treatment options for managing this disorder. Copyright © 2007, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Memantine in the treatment of mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease$$$ Memantine is the first and only medication that has been approved by European, US and Canadian regulatory agencies for the treatment of moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease (AD). It is an NMDA receptor antagonist that works to prevent excitotoxicity and cell death, which are mediated by the excessive influx of calcium during a sustained release of glutamate. Preclinical studies of memantine reveal that it has the potential to improve memory and learning processes after impairment has occurred, as well as to prevent further neuronal damage. Although memantine has been considered for the treatment of earlier AD, it has not yet been approved for this. Randomized controlled trials of memantine in the treatment of mild-to-moderate AD have demonstrated small treatment effects in measures of cognition, global assessment and behavior favoring the use of memantine. However, the differences between treatment groups were not consistently significant. Two ongoing long-term trials are further investigating the efficacy of memantine in the treatment of mild-to-moderate AD. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Comparison of levetiracetam and controlled-release carbamazepine in newly diagnosed epilepsy$$$ OBJECTIVE: We report the results of a prospective study of the efficacy and tolerability of levetiracetam, a new antiepileptic drug with a unique mechanism of action, in comparison with controlled-release carbamazepine as first treatment in newly diagnosed epilepsy. METHODS: Adults with ≥2 partial or generalized tonic-clonic seizures in the previous year were randomly assigned to levetiracetam (500 mg twice daily, n = 288) or controlled-release carbamazepine (200 mg twice daily, n = 291) in a multicenter, double-blind, noninferiority, parallel-group trial. If a seizure occurred within 26 weeks of stabilization, dosage was increased incrementally to a maximum of levetiracetam 1,500 mg twice daily or carbamazepine 600 mg twice daily. Patients achieving the primary endpoint (6-month seizure freedom) continued on treatment for a further 6-month maintenance period. RESULTS: At per-protocol analysis, 73.0% (56.6%) of patients randomized to levetiracetam and 72.8% (58.5%) receiving controlled-release carbamazepine were seizure free at the last evaluated dose (adjusted absolute difference 0.2%, 95% CI -7.8% to 8.2%) for ≥6 months (1 year). Of all patients achieving 6-month (1-year) remission, 80.1% (86.0%) in the levetiracetam group and 85.4% (89.3%) in the carbamazepine group did so at the lowest dose level. Withdrawal rates for adverse events were 14.4% with levetiracetam and 19.2% with carbamazepine. CONCLUSIONS: Levetiracetam and controlled-release carbamazepine produced equivalent seizure freedom rates in newly diagnosed epilepsy at optimal dosing in a setting mimicking clinical practice. This trial has confirmed in a randomized, double-blind setting previously uncontrolled observations that most people with epilepsy will respond to their first-ever antiepileptic drug at low dosage. ©2007AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Treatment of chorea$$$ Choreic movements are rapid, purposeless, flowing motor jerks. They result from dysfunction or damage of deep brain structures, usually the caudate nucleus, putamen, subthalamic nucleus, thalamus, or their interconnecting pathways. The prototypical neurodegenerative chorea is Huntington's disease. Chorea may occur in neurodegenerative diseases, may follow structural damage to the brain, or may be seen as a feature of medical illness, metabolic derangement, or a side effect of drugs. Drugs that increase dopamine or block acetylcholine may cause chorea, and drugs that block or deplete brain dopamine are most often used to control these involuntary movements. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Evaluation and treatment of myoclonus$$$ The evaluation and treatment of patients with myoclonus can present a challenge even for experienced neurologists. The goal of this chapter is to review and present a framework for logically evaluating and treating these patients. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Smoking cessation in patients with respiratory diseases: A high priority, integral component of therapy$$$ Smoking cessation is the one of the most important ways to improve the prognosis of patients with respiratory disease. The Task Force on guidelines for smoking cessation in patients with respiratory diseases was convened to provide evidence-based recommendations on smoking cessation interventions in respiratory patients. Based on the currently available evidence and the consensus of an expert panel, the following key recommendations were made. 1) Patients with respiratory disease have a greater and more urgent need to stop smoking than the average smoker, so respiratory physicians must take a proactive and continuing role with all smokers in motivating them to stop and in providing treatment to aid smoking cessation. 2) Smoking cessation treatment should be integrated into the management of the patient's respiratory condition. 3) Therapies should include pharmacological treatment (i.e. nicotine replacement therapy, bupropion or varenicline) combined with behavioural support. 4) Respiratory physicians should receive training to ensure that they have the knowledge, attitudes and skills necessary to deliver these interventions or to refer to an appropriate specialist. 5) Although the cost of implementing these recommendations will partly be offset by a reduction in attendance for exacerbations, etc., a budget should be established to enable implementation. Research is needed to establish optimum treatment strategies specifically for respiratory patients. Copyright © ERS Journals Ltd 2007. ER  - 
Skin surgery in children: Local anaesthesia and sedation techniques$$$ In the past, procedural pain control in young children was undertreated as it was incorrectly alleged that their neuronal pain pathways were undeveloped. However, it is now recognised that even neonates are able to experience pain. Moreover, intensely painful physical experiences in childhood can have persisting physiological and psychological consequences. Therefore, the management of acute pain is essential. In this paper, the authors provide an in-depth discussion regarding the anaesthetic options for paediatric patients undergoing dermatological surgery. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment and dosing of Helicobacter pylori infection: When pharmacology meets clinic$$$ Helicobacter pylori infection is a major cause of diseases located in the upper gastrointestinal tract. Successful eradication of the bacteria may improve H. pylori-related symptomatic complaints in functional dyspepsia, cure peptic ulcer disease and prevent gastric cancer. As vaccines are not available, the search for the optimal drug regimen has dominated the last decade. Today, most countries prefer a 7- to 10-day regimen containing a proton pump inhibitor, clarithromycin and amoxicillin as first-line treatment. An alternative (or second-line) treatment contains a proton pump inhibitor, bismuth, tetracycline and metronidazole. This review also highlights the impact of new drugs, new drug combinations, and their optimal dosing required to maximise clinical outcome. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
New guideline for tramadol usage following adverse drug reactions reported to the Iranian pharmacovigilance center$$$ Background: Tramadol was introduced as injection and oral form to Iranian Pharmaceutical Market in 2002. Shortly after, the injection form of the drug was observed at the top of suspected drug list of Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs) received monthly by Iranian Pharmacovigilance Center (IPC). Objectives: • To detect, assess and report total number of Tramadol-induced ADRs received by IPC. • To assess the frequency of reported Tramadol-induced ADRs before and after interventions. • To design a guideline for prevention of probable ADRs due to Tramadol injection. Methods: A descriptive study was conducted on spontaneous reporting received by IPC from April 2002 to Februaay 2005. All ADRs suspected to be induced by Tramadol registered in the database during mentioned period were analysed. To assess the effect of different interventions based on Spontaneous Reporting System, the trend of reporting frequency of Tramadol-induced ADRs was evaluated before and after interventions. Results: There were 337 cases of Tramadol-induced ADRs describing 939 reactions, reported to IPC during the study period. Although causal relationship had not been established, three cases of deaths appeared among the reports. The severity of reactions led to implementation of limitations on injectable Tramadol distribution to community pharmacies and the restriction of its use to hospitals only. Since most adverse reactions were dose-dependent, the drug potency of injectable Tramadol available in the country changed from 100 mg to 50 mg. The assessment of ADR reports received by IPC showed that the frequency of adverse reactions registered in the centre was reduced considerably following these interventions. Conclusion: Designing a detailed programme by Pharmacovigilance Centres and closely monitoring of newly marketed pharmaceutical products is highly recommended. Copyright © 2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Salicylate poisoning: An evidence-based consensus guideline for out-of-hospital management$$$ A review of U.S. poison center data for 2004 showed over 40,000 exposures to salicylate-containing products. A guideline that determines the conditions for emergency department referral and pre-hospital care could potentially optimize patient outcome, avoid unnecessary emergency department visits, reduce health care costs, and reduce life disruption for patients and caregivers. An evidence-based expert consensus process was used to create the guideline. Relevant articles were abstracted by a trained physician researcher. The first draft of the guideline was created by the lead author. The entire panel discussed and refined the guideline before distribution to secondary reviewers for comment. The panel then made changes based on the secondary review comments. The objective of this guideline is to assist poison center personnel in the appropriate out-of-hospital triage and initial out-of-hospital management of patients with a suspected exposure to salicylates by 1) describing the process by which a specialist in poison information should evaluate an exposure to salicylates, 2) identifying the key decision elements in managing cases of salicylate exposure, 3) providing clear and practical recommendations that reflect the current state of knowledge, and 4) identifying needs for research. This guideline is based on an assessment of current scientific and clinical information. The expert consensus panel recognizes that specific patient care decisions may be at variance with this guideline and are the prerogative of the patient and the health professionals providing care, considering all of the circumstances involved. This guideline does not substitute for clinical judgment. Recommendations are in chronological order of likely clinical use. The grade of recommendation is in parentheses: 1) Patients with stated or suspected self-harm or who are the victims of a potentially malicious administration of a salicylate, should be referred to an emergency department immediately. This referral should be guided by local poison center procedures. In general, this should occur regardless of the dose reported (Grade D). 2) The presence of typical symptoms of salicylate toxicity such as hematemesis, tachypnea, hyperpnea, dyspnea, tinnitus, deafness, lethargy, seizures, unexplained lethargy, or confusion warrants referral to an emergency department for evaluation (Grade C). 3) Patients who exhibit typical symptoms of salicylate toxicity or nonspecific symptoms such as unexplained lethargy, confusion, or dyspnea, which could indicate the development of chronic salicylate toxicity, should be referred to an emergency department (Grade C). 4) Patients without evidence of self-harm should have further evaluation, including determination of the dose, time of ingestion, presence of symptoms, history of other medical conditions, and the presence of co-ingestants. The acute ingestion of more than 150 mg/kg or 6.5 g of aspirin equivalent, whichever is less, warrants referral to an emergency department. Ingestion of greater than a lick or taste of oil of wintergreen (98% methyl salicylate) by children under 6 years of age and more than 4 mL of oil of wintergreen by patients 6 years of age and older could cause systemic salicylate toxicity and warrants referral to an emergency department (Grade C). 5) Do not induce emesis for ingestions of salicylates (Grade D). 6) Consider the out-of-hospital administration of activated charcoal for acute ingestions of a toxic dose if it is immediately available, no contraindications are present, the patient is not vomiting, and local guidelines for its out-of-hospital use are observed. However, do not delay transportation in order to administer activated charcoal (Grade D). 7) Women in the last trimester of pregnancy who ingest below the dose for emergency department referral and do not have other referral conditions should be directed to their primary care physician, obstetrician, or a non-emergent health care facility for evaluation of maternal and fetal risk. Routine referral to an emergency department for immediate care is not required (Grade C). 8) For asymptomatic patients with dermal exposures to methyl salicylate or salicylic acid, the skin should be thoroughly washed with soap and water and the patient can be observed at home for development of symptoms (Grade C). 9) For patients with an ocular exposure of methyl salicylate or salicylic acid, the eye(s) should be irrigated with room-temperature tap water for 15 minutes. If after irrigation the patient is having pain, decreased visual acuity, or persistent irritation, referral for an ophthalmological examination is indicated (Grade D). 10) Poison centers should monitor the onset of symptoms whenever possible by conducting follow-up calls at periodic intervals for approximately 12 hours after ingestion of non-enteric-coated salicylate products, and for approximately 24 hours after the ingestion of enteric-coated aspirin (Grade C). Copyright © American Association of Poison Control Centers. ER  - 
Effects of psychiatric medications on sleep and sleep disorders$$$ Insomnia is a significant public health concern that has prompted substantial efforts to develop treatment and management strategies. A significant proportion of complaints of insomnia are related to psychiatric conditions such as anxiety disorders and depression, and treatments for these disorders are known to exert both direct and indirect benefits on sleep as well as some negative effects on sleep and sleep physiology. Insomnia is also a prominent symptom of a number of other psychiatric disorders, including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. The observed impact of a variety of psychiatric medications on insomnia has prompted an empirically derived practice of treating non-psychiatric disorder-related insomnia with psychiatric medications by clinicians searching for alternatives to established medication treatments for primary insomnia. This article aims to review the evidence of the impact of psychiatric medications on sleep physiology, sleep disorders in psychiatric conditions, and on primary sleep disorders. The potential for exploiting the relevant pharmacological mechanisms of action in drug development for primary insomnia will be addressed as well. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Kappa receptor bivalent ligands$$$ Bivalent ligands of κ opioid agonists and antagonists, such as norBNI and BNI, are used as tools to elucidate the κ receptor characteristics. Bivalent ligands may also be effective analgesics although none have this far been used clinically. Structure-activity relationships (SAR) and molecular modeling led to the development of a more potent and selective kappa antagonist (5′-guanidinylnaltrindole, GNTI). Novel homo and hetero bivalent ligands with high mixed κ/μ or mixed κ/δ affinity and intriguing pharmacological properties may eventually lead to useful analgesics with fewer adverse side effects. Bivalent ligands were also developed that could act as probes of the receptor-oligomerzation and organization phenomena. A structurally unique κ antagonist (JDTic) provides an additional tool to characterize κ opioid receptor. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drug treatment in children$$$ Epilepsy is one of the most common neurological disorders of childhood, and antiepileptic drugs represent the main component of its treatment. The current emphasis in epilepsy treatment is to improve quality of life, not only by suppressing seizure, but also by minimizing the side effects of medications. The last 15 years have been characterized by significant advances in the development of new agents that have helped us to get closer to this goal. Knowledge of the essential properties, key indications and interactions of each antiepileptic drug will help to optimize efficacy and reduce adverse reactions. Age is also a determining factor of the epilepsy phenotype and its treatment. This review addresses the principles of pediatric epilepsy treatment, summarizes the profile of each of the commonly used antiepileptic drugs, and provides a treatment paradigm for particular seizures and epilepsy syndromes of childhood. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: Nonstimulant medication approaches$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common chronic health conditions and mental disorders affecting school-aged children. Prevalence with a conservative estimate is reported to be 3-5% of this population. Boys are approximately three-times more likely to be diagnosed than girls. The diagnosis refers to a family of related chronic neurobiological disorders that interfere with an individual's capacity to regulate activity level, inhibit behavior and attend to tasks in developmentally appropriate ways. Signs and symptoms of ADHD are typically present during the preschool period or in the early elementary school years, and the diagnosis requires that difficulties were present at or before age 7 years and create problems or impairment in at least two areas of the child's life (e.g., at school, on the playground, on the bus, at home or socially with peers). Stimulants are the first-line medication in the psychopharmacological treatment of ADHD. Between 10 and 30% of those affected with ADHD may not respond to stimulants or may not be able to tolerate associated side effects, such as appetite suppression, sleep disturbance, mood difficulties or exacerbation of comorbid tic disorders. In such instances, or when families are unwilling to consider a stimulant, nonstimulant medications may be appealing. Several nonstimulant medications that affect noradrenergic and/or dopaminergic pathways have demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of ADHD, although effect sizes are comparable with methylphenidate, fewer data have accumulated regarding the safety profile of nonstimulants in general. This review focuses on etiology, assessment and treatment of ADHD, in particular alternative treatment approaches with various nonstimulant agents, especially atomoxetine. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Prevention of influenza in at-risk children: Vaccination is best$$$ • Complications of influenza are rare children and mainly affect children with serious birth defects or chronic underlying disorders such as cystic fibrosis and severe asthma. • Oseltamivir is the second antiviral drug, after amantadine, to be marketed in the European Union for the prevention of influenza in children aged from 1 to 12 years. • The clinical evaluation of oseltamivir in this indication is limited to a retrospective subgroup analysis of an unblinded trial versus no treatment. The data suggest that oseltamivir is at best only modestly effective in reducing the incidence of laboratory-confirmed influenza (about 7% versus 19%). With zanamivir, the incidence of laboratory-confirmed influenza was about 2%, versus 6% to 15% in the placebo groups in several trials. As of 5 January 2007, zanamivir had not been marketed for paediatric use in France. With amantadine, the incidence was about 3% to 9%, depending an the trial, versus 9% to 30% on placebo. Amantadine has only been shown to have an effect on type A influenza virus and is only available in tablet form (unsuitable for young children). In summary, there is no firm evidence that antiviral prophylaxis reduces the rate of influenza complications in children. • Severe cutaneous and neurological adverse effects have been reported in children treated with oseltamivir. Pharmacovigilance studies show a risk of angioedema and toxic epidermal lysis oseltamivir. • There are worrisome reports of influenzq virus strains resistant to available antivirals. • In practice, oseltamivir is not sufficiently effective or safe for the prevention of influenza in children, which does not justify its use other than in clinical trials. ER  - 
Alcohol withdrawal syndrome$$$ • When people who are physically dependent on alcohol stop drinking, they experience an alcohol withdrawal syndrome. The symptoms generally resolve spontaneously within a week, but more severe forms may be associated with generalised seizures, hallucinations and delirium tremens, which can be fatal. • We carried out a literature review in order to obtain answers to the following questions: how to predict or rapidly diagnose a severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome; how to prevent and treat this syndrome; how to manage severe forms; and how to deal with the risk of vitamin B1 deficiency. • The main risk factors for severe withdrawal syndrome are: chronic heavy drinking; a history of generalised seizures; and a history of delirium tremens. • Anxiety, agitation, tremor, excessive sweating, altered consciousness and hallucinations are signs of a severe withdrawal syndrome. • Individual support and effective communication seem to reduce the risk of severe withdrawal syndrome. • Oral benzodiazepines are the best-assessed drugs for preventing a severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome, particularly the risk of seizures.When given for a maximum of 7 days, the adverse effects are usually mild. • Clinical trials of other antiepileptics suggest they are less effective than benzodiazepines, and their addition to benzodiazepine therapy offers no tangible advantage. • Betablockers increase the risk of hallucinations, and clonidine increases the risk of nightmares, and the efficacy of these two drugs is not well documented. Neuroleptics increase the risk of seizures.There are no convincing data to support the use of magnesium sulphate or meprobarnate (the latter carries a risk of serious adverse effects). Acamprosate, naltrexone and disulfiram are not beneficial in alcohol withdrawal. • Gradual withdrawal, i.e. ingestion of decreasing amounts of alcohol, has not been compared with other methods but is generally not recommended. • There are no specific recommendations on hydration. Note that excessive water-sodium intake carries a risk of pulmonary oedema in patients with heart disease. • As vitamin B1 deficiency is frequent and can lead to serious complications in alcohol-dependent patients, oral vitamin B1 supplementation is widely recommended, despite the absence of comparative trials. High doses must be used to compensate for poor absorption. Intravenous administration is best if patients have very poor nutritional status or severe complications such as Gayet-Wernicke encephalopathy (a medical emergency), even though rare anaphylactic reactions have been reported after vitamin 131 injection. • Planned alcohol withdrawal in specialised hospital units has been extensively studied. Outpatient withdrawal may be more appropriate for patients who are at low risk of developing severe withdrawal syndrome. • A large proportion of alcohol-dependent patients were excluded from trials of withdrawal strategies. These include elderly patients, patients with serious psychiatric or somatic disorders, and patients who are also dependent on other substances. • An oral benzodiazepine is the best-assessed treatment for a single episode of generalised seizures or hallucinations during alcohol withdrawal. • In randomised comparative trials benzodiazepines were more effective than neuroleptics in preventing delirium-related mortality. Currently, with appropriate fluid-electrolyte support, continuous monitoring of vital signs, and respiratory support if necessary, the mortality rate for delirium tremens is under 3%. • In practice, patients who are attempting to stop drinking alcohol need close personal support and communication, and a reassuring environment, as well as regular monitoring for early signs of a withdrawal syndrome; the latter may require benzodiazepine therapy. ER  - 
Atypical antipsychotics in bipolar depression: Neurobiological basis and clinical implications$$$ The use of atypical antipsychotics is rapidly expanding in the management of bipolar disorder. This therapeutic class appears to have benefits across the spectrum of moods found in bipolar disorder, and a re-examination of the monoamine hypothesis is required. This paper reviews the evidence for the role of monoamines, and particularly dopamine, in bipolar depression and its implications in the treatment of patients, focusing upon the response to atypical antipsychotics. Relevant papers were identified undertaking a literature search using PubMed: preclinical and clinical studies that incriminate the dopaminergic system in bipolar depression, and recent controlled trials supporting the use of atypical antipsychotics, are reviewed. There is substantial evidence indicating that not only serotonin, but also dopamine may still play an important role as a mediator of antidepressant response in bipolar depression. A regionally selective balance between the dopamine and serotonin systems may account for the mood-stabilizing properties of these drugs, and in fact, a low D2 occupancy might be more relevant to bipolar depression than greater 5-HT2 action. This mechanism might correlate with the ability to induce neurogenetic effects. Hence, the greater the atypical profile, the more suitable for bipolar depression. Further studies are needed to confirm this hypothesis. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of citalopram and interpersonal psychotherapy on depression in patients with coronary artery disease: The Canadian Cardiac Randomized Evaluation of Antidepressant and Psychotherapy Efficacy (CREATE) trial$$$ Context: Few randomized controlled trials have evaluated the efficacy of treatments for major depression in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). None have simultaneously evaluated an antidepressant and short-term psychotherapy. Objective: To document the short-term efficacy of a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (citalopram) and interpersonal psychotherapy (IPT) in reducing depressive symptoms in patients with CAD and major depression. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Canadian Cardiac Randomized Evaluation of Antidepressant and Psychotherapy Efficacy, a randomized, controlled, 12-week, parallel-group, 2 x 2 factorial trial conducted May 1, 2002, to March 20, 2006, among 284 patients with CAD from 9 Canadian academic centers. All patients met Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition criteria for diagnosis of major depression of 4 weeks' duration or longer and had baseline 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) scores of 20 or higher. Interventions: Participants underwent 2 separate randomizations: (1) to receive 12 weekly sessions of IPT plus clinical management (n=142) or clinical management only (n=142) and (2) to receive 12 weeks of citalopram, 20 to 40 mg/d (n=142), or matching placebo (n=142). Main Outcome Measures: The primary outcome measure was change between baseline and 12 weeks on the 24-item HAM-D, administered blindly during centralized telephone interviews (tested at α=.033); the secondary outcome measure was self-reported Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI-II) score (tested at α=.017). Results: Citalopram was superior to placebo in reducing 12-week HAM-D scores (mean difference, 3.3 points; 96.7% confidence interval [CI], 0.80-5.85; P=.005), with a small to medium effect size of 0.33. Mean HAM-Dresponse (52.8% vs 40.1%; P=.03) and remission rates (35.9% vs 22.5%; P=.01) and the reduction in BDI-II scores (difference, 3.6 points; 98.3% CI, 0.58-6.64;P=.005; effect size=0.33) also favored citalopram. There was no evidence of a benefit of IPT over clinical management, with the mean HAM-D difference favoring clinical management (-2.26 points; 96.7% CI, -4.78 to 0.27; P=.06; effect size, 0.23). The difference on the BDI-II did not favor clinical management (1.13 points; 98.3% CI, -1.90 to 4.16; P=.37; effect size=0.11). Conclusions: This trial documents the efficacy of citalopram administered in conjunction with weekly clinical management for major depression among patients with CAD and found no evidence of added value of IPT over clinical management. Based on these results and those of previous trials, citalopram or sertraline plus clinical management should be considered as a first-step treatment for patients with CAD and major depression. Trial Registration: isrctn.org Identifier: ISRCTN15858091. ©2007 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Palliative management of fatigue at the close of life: "It feels like my body is just worn out"$$$ Fatigue is the most common chronic symptom associated with cancer and other chronic progressive diseases. The assessment and treatment of fatigue at or near the end of life can be complex. Some of the challenges include its subjective nature, with great variability in its source, how it is expressed, and how it is perceived, requiring treatment to be based on patient report of frequency and severity; its multidimensional character; and the limited understanding of its pathophysiology. Using the case of an 82-year-old retired nurse with fatigue that could be explained by a number of concurrent conditions, including anemia, weight loss, depression and isolation, dyspnea, deconditioning, and medications, the authors illustrate the clinical approach to assess and treat fatigue at the end of life. ©2007 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Positive and negative syndrome scale as a longterm outcome measurement tool in patients receiving clozapine ODT - A pilot study$$$ Ojective: This pilot, twelve-week, open-label study examined the effect of clozapine orally disintegrating tablet or ODT in patients with schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder utilizing Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) as a long-term outcome measurement tool. Methods: The final study sample consisted of nineteen subjects who were residents a long-term care psychiatric facility in Pomona, California. Subjects were using clozapine ODT (FazaClo®) at the most clinically effective dosage depending on their symptoms and at the discretion of the psychiatrist and psychopharm consultant: PANSS were administered at baseline, week-4, week-8 and week-12. Paired sample t-tests were used to calculate the statistical significance of the mean differences for scores at baseline and week-1 2. Results: Mean differences from baseline indicated significant improvement on total score, as well as positive, negative, cognitive and general psychopathology subscales after twelve weeks of treatment. The greater average reduction in the negative syndrome subscale across the twelve weeks possibly illustrates the ability of clozapine ODT in improving negative symptoms, including cognitive function which is their ability to participate in their personal care and creative expressions in dance, arts, games, poetry to a greater extent their overall, quality of life and living along with the effect on positive symptoms. Conclusion: Overall, clozapine proved to affect a broad range of psychopathology including cognitive functions in this schizophrenic sample. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in the treatment of childhood epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy is a common pediatric neurologic disorder that is difficult to manage in a substantial portion of children. Levetiracetam (LEV) is a novel antiepileptic drug (AED) that has recently been approved as add-on treatment for various seizure types in epilepsy populations that include children: for refractory partial seizures in epilepsy patients ≥ 4 years old, for myoclonic seizures in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy patients ≥ 12 years old, and for primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures in idiopathic generalized epilepsy patients (≥6 years old with FDA approval; ≥ 12 years old with EMEA approval). A review of published pediatric studies indicates that the efficacy of LEV is best established for partial seizures; however, results from recent double-blind and open-label trials indicate that adjunctive LEV also controls generalized seizures - particularly myoclonic and generalized tonic-clonic - in children and adolescents with primary generalized epilepsy. LEV was well-tolerated in pediatric studies. The most common adverse events (AEs) reported were sedation related. Behavioral AEs were among the most commonly reported events in some trials; conversely, improvements in behavior and cognition were also frequently reported. LEV appears to be a safe and effective AED with unique characteristics that benefit the treatment of children with epilepsy. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The role of lamotrigine in the management of bipolar disorder$$$ Lamotrigine has emerged with a distinct place in the pharmacological treatment of bipolar disorder, with the potential to treat and prevent bipolar depression, which is the dominant and arguably most disabling and under-treated phase of the illness. This review examines the published clinical trials of lamotrigine in bipolar treatment. While the data supports its tolerability and safety, the strongest evidence for its efficacy lies in the prevention of bipolar depression, with weaker evidence for the treatment of acute bipolar depression, refractory unipolar and bipolar depression, and rapid cycling bipolar disorder. The total number of published well designed trials is small, even the maintenance evidence is derived from two studies. However, this relative inadequacy compares favorably with the alternative treatment options for bipolar depression, which are marked by poor efficacy or risk of polarity switch. The designation of lamotrigine as first-line treatment for bipolar depression prophylaxis should be done in cognizance of this context, and it would seem prudent to await greater evidence of efficacy before designating lamotrigine as first-line treatment for other bipolar indications. Further randomized controlled trials are required to consolidate the available findings and to explore the boundaries of lamotrigine's efficacy, which may encompass the soft spectral disorders. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Novel research translates to clinical cases of schizophrenic and cocaine psychosis$$$ Pharmacotherapies for schizophrenic and cocaine psychoses are complex but similar because of similarities in their brain neurochemistry and behavioral outcomes. Their neurochemical neuronal mechanisms of action, as shown in preclinical and clinical studies, involve primarily dopaminergic dysfunction and, secondarily, neuroadaptive effects that seem to involve central serotonergic function. Behavioral outcomes of both disorders include hyperactivity and antipsychotic medications can ameliorate psychotic symptoms. Patients with both disorders often arrive at emergency departments and present floridly psychotic with a predominance of positive symptoms, often prompting physicians to select a typical antipsychotic medication such as haloperidol. While this has become conventional wisdom, we believe that to use an atypical antipsychotic medication, such as risperidone, in the treatment of both psychoses is quite rational for long-term management of both positive and negative symptoms. Also, controlled clinical studies have shown that risperidone, an atypical antipsychotic medication, is successful in the treatment of cocaine dependence and withdrawal (Smelson et al 1997, 2002; Grabowski et al 2000). Furthermore, the availability and effectiveness of long-acting risperidone in injectable form opens new possibilities for the long-term management of both disorders. In this paper, we present data which show that the use of risperidone is plausible for effective pharmacotherapy of schizophrenic and cocaine psychoses. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Dementia and comorbidities: An overview of diagnosis and management$$$ The term "dementia" describes various neurodegenerative disorders that effect cognition, including Alzheimer disease, vascular dementia, and others. This article reviews the diagnosis and management of common types of dementia and comorbidities. Dementias are differentiated clinically by history, symptom presentation, and exclusion of other causes through laboratory and imaging studies. Cholinesterase inhibitors are useful but may not be effective for all types of dementia and provide only modest benefits. Certain medical comorbidities may increase the risk of dementia, although genetics are also important in its etiology. Psychiatric comorbidities in dementia include delirium, which is treated primarily by addressing underlying medical disorders, but antipsychotics can be useful for symptom management and patient comfort. Nonpharmacologic interventions are first-line treatments for other psychiatric comorbidities, although drug therapy may be useful in some cases. The management of patients with dementia presents many challenges and will continue to do so unless agents with pronounced disease-modifying capabilities are developed. © 2007 Sage Publications. ER  - 
Topiramate in the treatment of partial and generalized epilepsy$$$ Topiramate (TPM) is a widely-used drug for the treatment of epilepsy. It is useful for several types of partial-onset and generalized-onset seizures, and is therefore considered a broad-spectrum agent. It is also effective as a prophylactic against migraine headaches. TPM was first approved for prescription use in 1996. In various countries it is now approved for adjunctive and monotherapy of partial-onset seizures and for therapy of generalized tonic-clonic seizures of nonfocal origin, for children and adults. For initial monotherapy of new-onset seizures, a target dose of 100 mg/day for adults is recommended. Adjunctive use with enzyme-inducing drugs and use for refractory seizures requires higher dosages, though the optimum dose for most patients does not exceed 400 mg/day. Excretion is primarily renal and TPM is not a significant hepatic enzyme inducer. Although it is usually safe and well-tolerated, adverse effects limit use in about 25% of patients. The most salient of these is cognitive dysfunction, especially problems with expressive speech and verbal memory. Weight loss, renal stones, paresthesias and other central nervous system side effects may occur. Tolerability is improved by low initial doses and slow titration to effect. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Extended-release divalproex in bipolar and other psychiatric disorders: A comprehensive review$$$ Bipolar disorder can be a devastating disease state for individuals with the disease and also for family members. Proper recognition and treatment is vital to the successful management of this disease state. Through increased community and practitioner awareness, along with efforts to increase awareness for proper assessment, the rate of diagnosed bipolar disorder is increasing. Recent years have brought about the introduction of several new medications with approved indications for the treatment of bipolar disorder. In addition to new agents, traditional mood stabilizing medications have also been released in different formulations to better enhance tolerability without jeopardizing efficacy. One particular product is extended-release divalproex. sodium. In the following article, we review the clinical presentation of bipolar disorder, its epidemiology, and the pharmacokinetics and mechanism of action for divalproex. In addition, we specifically review the role of extended-release divalproex in bipolar disorder through a critical analysis of the currently available published primary literature. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A review of studies on the therapeutic effect of vagus nerve stimulation$$$ Background: Vagus nerve widely innervates in the human body, and it has diverse physiological functions. Many new physiological functions are gradually found. Studies on its action mechanism have been gradually deepened. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) has been used for treatment of epilepsy and depression in clinic. Objective: To retrospectively investigate the therapeutic effects and mechanism of VNS. Retrieve strategy: A computer-based online research in Pubmed with the key words of "vagus nerve stimulation" published between February 1990 and October 2006 in English were systemically reviewed. Totally 583 articles were collected and primarily selected. Inclusive criteria: the mechanism of therapeutic effects of VNS-related literatures. Exclusive criteria: repetitive study. Literature evaluation: According to inclusive criteria, of the 57 articles, which met the inclusive criteria, 42 were associated with the therapeutic function of VNS, and 15 with the mechanism of these related functions. Data synthesis: Vagus nerve has special nerve innervation and wide projection with extensive physiological effects. Till now, VNS has been used in the therapy of epilepsy and depression, and exact clinical effects have been obtained. Further studies have discovered other functions of VNS, such as the effect on the memory power, cognition, and perception to pain. Thus, the studies about VNS become diverse. Just because of the special physiological functions of vagus nerve, VNS can bring some adverse reactions such as foreign body sensation, hoarseness, trigeminal neuralgia, etc. The mechanism of therapeutic function of VNS is still under exploration. Conclusion: As a mature surgical technique, VNS has been widely used in the therapy of epilepsy, depression, inflammation, analgesia, relieving itching, etc. Although the mechanism is still unclear, it brings obvious clinical effects. ER  - 
Conceptual development of the immune system as a sixth sense$$$ Understanding how and why the immune and nervous systems communicate in a bidirectional pathway has been fundamental to the development of the psychoneuroimmunology (PNI) field. This review will discuss some of the pivotal results that found the nervous and immune systems use a common chemical language for intra and inter-system communication. Specifically the nervous and immune systems produce a common set of peptide and nonpeptide neurotransmitters and cytokines that provides a common repertoire of receptors and ligands between the two systems. These studies led to the concept that through the sharing of ligands and receptors the immune system could serve as a sixth sense to detect things the body cannot otherwise hear, see, smell, taste or touch. Pathogens, tumors, and allergens are detected with great sensitivity and specificity by the immune system. As a sixth sense the immune system is a means to signal and mobilize the body to respond to these types of challenges. The paper will also review in a chronological manner some of the PNI-related studies important to validating the sixth sense concept. Finally, the review will suggest ways to apply the new found knowledge of the sixth sense to understanding a placebo effect and developing new therapeutic approaches for treatment of human diseases. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Melatonin and sleep disorders associated with intellectual disability: A clinical review$$$ Background: Melatonin is used to treat sleep disorders in both children and adults with intellectual disability (ID), although it has no product license for such use. The evidence for its efficacy, potential adverse effects and drug interactions are reviewed in the context of prescribing to people with ID. Methods: A literature search was performed using multiple electronic databases. More literature was obtained from the reference lists of papers gathered through the searches. Results: Most of the studies were uncontrolled and the few controlled trials available were of small size. Melatonin appears effective in reducing sleep onset latency and is probably effective in improving total sleep time in children and adolescents with ID. It appears to be ineffective in improving night-time awakenings. Melatonin is relatively safe for short-term use. Its safety for long-term use is not established. Potential drug interactions, possible effects on puberty and concerns regarding the use of melatonin in epilepsy, asthma and depressive disorders are discussed. Conclusions: Melatonin appears to be an effective sleep-initiator for children and adolescents with ID and probably has a similar effect for adults. There may be heterogeneity of response depending on the nature of the sleep problem and cause of the ID or associated disabilities. Further studies are necessary before firm conclusions can be drawn and guidelines for the use of melatonin for people with ID formulated. © 2006 The Authors. Journal compilation © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Nonopioid Analgesics$$$ NSAIDs are useful analgesics for many pain states, especially those involving inflammation. Their use is frequently overlooked in patients with postoperative and chronic pain. Unless there is a contraindication, the use of an NSAID should be routinely considered to manage acute pain, chronic cancer, and noncancer pain. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adjuvant Analgesics$$$ Chronic pain, whether arising from viscera, bone, or any other tissue or structure, is, more often than commonly thought, the result of a mixture of pain mechanisms, and therefore there is no simple formula available to manage chronic complex pain states. Box 1 summarizes a pharmacological algorithm for difficult-to-treat chronic pain, which merely introduces the medication aspect of the treatment. In effect, any comprehensive algorithm should call for an interdisciplinary approach that would include rehabilitation, as well as psychosocial, and when indicated, interventional techniques. The major rationale for introducing adjuvants is to better balance efficacy and adverse effects. The following scenarios should prompt the use of adjuvants in clinical practice:•The toxic limit of a primary analgesic has been reached.•The therapeutic benefit of a primary analgesic has plateaued, eg, treatment has reached its true efficacy limit or pharmachodynamic tolerance has developed.•The primary analgesic is contraindicated, eg, substance abuse, aberrant behavior, organ failure, allergy, and so forth.•Subjective and qualitative symptoms demand broader coverage. Patients often convey that different medications will impart distinct analgesic benefits.•Presence of disabling nonpainful complaints and need to manage symptoms such as insomnia, depression, anxiety, and fatigue that all cause worsening of the patient's quality of life and function. Physicians have also been drawn to the adjuvants secondary to new realities of clinical practice. Moreover, aversion to addiction and diversion remains a potent force that shapes prescribing profiles. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation therapy in depression and epilepsy: Therapeutic parameter settings$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) therapy is an effective adjunctive treatment for chronic or recurrent treatment-resistant depression in adults, and for pharmacoresistant epilepsy in adults and adolescents. VNS therapy is administered through an implanted pulse generator that delivers programmed electrical pulses through an implanted lead to the left vagus nerve. Programmable pulse parameters include output current, frequency, pulse width, and ON/OFF times. Within a range of typical values, individual patients respond best to different combinations of parameter settings. The physician must identify the optimum settings for each patient while balancing the goals of maximizing efficacy, minimizing side effects, and preserving battery life. Output current is gradually increased from 0.25 mA to the maximum tolerable level (maximum, 3.5 mA); typical therapeutic settings range from 1.0 to 1.5 mA. Greater output current is associated with increased side effects, including voice alteration, cough, a feeling of throat tightening, and dyspnea. Frequency is typically programmed at 20 Hz in depression and 30 Hz in epilepsy. Pulse width is typically 250 or 500 μs. The recommended initial ON time is 30 s, followed by 5 min OFF; OFF time > ON time is recommended. As with pharmacotherapy, VNS therapy must be adjusted in a gradual, systematic fashion to individualize therapy for each patient. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Hepatitis C$$$ Hepatitis C virus infection is an important worldwide public health problem. Considerable progress has been made in our understanding of hepatitis C infection. Treatments have also improved, so that at least half of patients with chronic hepatitis C can be cured. Notwithstanding, current treatments have limitations, and new therapeutic approaches, gained from a better understanding of the biology of hepatitis C are anticipated. © 2006. ER  - 
Clinical trial of the pan-caspase inhibitor, IDN-6556, in human liver preservation injury$$$ Cold ischemia/warm reperfusion (CI/WR) injury remains a problem in liver transplantation. The aim of the current study was to assess the utility of the pan-caspase inhibitor IDN-6556 on CI/WR injury during human liver transplantation. This report is a post hoc analysis of a Phase II, multi-center, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded, parallel group study. Subjects were assigned to four treatment groups: Group 1 (Organ storage/flush: Placebo - Recipient: Placebo); Group 2 (Organ storage/flush: 15 μg/mL - Recipient: Placebo); Group 3 (Organ storage/flush: 5 μg/mL - Recipient: 0.5 mg/kg); and Group 4 (Organ storage/flush: 15 μg/mL - Recipient: 0.5 mg/kg). Liver cell apoptosis was assessed by serum concentrations of the apoptosis-associated CK18Asp396 ('M30') neo-epitope, TUNEL assay and caspase 3/7 immunohistochemistry. Liver injury was assessed by serum AST/ALT determinations. Serum markers of liver cell apoptosis were reduced in all groups receiving drug as compared to placebo. However, TUNEL, caspase 3/7 positive cells and serum AST/ALT levels were only consistently reduced in Group 2 (drug exposed to organ only). This reduction in serum transaminases was significant and observed across the study. In conclusion, IDN-6556 when administered in cold storage and flush solutions during liver transplantation offers local therapeutic protection against CI/WR-mediated apoptosis and injury. However, larger studies are required to confirm these observations. © 2006 The Authors. ER  - 
The physiological and pathophysiological roles of neuronal histamine: An insight from human positron emission tomography studies$$$ Histamine neurons are exclusively located in the posterior hypothalamus, and project their fibers to almost all regions of the human brain. Although a significant amount of research has been done to clarify the functions of the histaminergic neuron system in animals, a few studies have been reported on the roles of this system in the human brain. In past studies, we have been able to clarify some of the functions of histamine neurons using different methods, such as histamine-related gene knockout mice or human positron emission tomography (PET). The histaminergic neuron system is known to modulate wakefulness, the sleep-wake cycle, appetite control, learning, memory and emotion. Accordingly we have proposed that histamine neurons have a dual effect on the CNS, with both stimulatory and suppressive actions. As a stimulator, neuronal histamine is one of the most important systems that stimulate and maintain wakefulness. Brain histamine also functions as a suppressor in bioprotection against various noxious and unfavorable stimuli of convulsion, drug sensitization, denervation supersensitivity, ischemic lesions and stress susceptibility. This review summarizes our works on the functions of histamine neurons using human PET studies, including the development of radiolabeled tracers for histamine H1 receptors (H1R: 11C-doxepin and 11C-pyrilamine), PET measurements of H1R in depression, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's disease (AD), and studies on the sedative effects of antihistamines using H215O and H1R occupancy in the human brain. These molecular and functional PET studies in humans are useful for drug development in this millennium. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Management of the newborn infant affected by maternal opiates and other drugs of dependency$$$ Illicit drug use during pregnancy is common and probably underestimated in the majority of published studies. The infant exposed to opiates or other drugs of dependency during intrauterine development is at risk for post-natal withdrawal as well as to long-term problems that are associated with drug-effects and often, adverse social circumstances. This article examines the early management of the infant and mother for detection and monitoring of drug-exposure, pharmacological intervention for withdrawal and the management of associated, particularly infective and psychosocial, problems. Practical concerns surrounding these issues are discussed and further research on psychosocial intervention to improve long-term outcome are much needed. © 2007 Paediatrics and Child Health Division (Royal Australasian College of Physicians). ER  - 
Evidence-based guidelines for management of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in adolescents in transition to adult services and in adults: Recommendations from the British Association for Psychopharmacology$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is an established diagnosis in children, associated with a large body of evidence on the benefits of treatment. Adolescents with ADHD are now leaving children's services often with no readily identifiable adult service to support them, which presents problems as local pharmacy regulations often preclude the prescription of stimulant drugs by general practitioners (GPs). In addition, adults with ADHD symptoms are now starting to present to primary care and psychiatry services requesting assessment and treatment. For these reasons, the British Association for Psychopharmacology (BAP) thought it timely to hold a consensus conference to review the body of evidence on childhood ADHD and the growing literature on ADHD in older age groups. Much of this initial guidance on managing ADHD in adolescents in transition and in adults is based on expert opinion derived from childhood evidence. We hope that, by the time these guidelines are updated, much evidence will be available to address the many directions for future research that are detailed here. © 2007 British Association for Psychopharmacology. ER  - 
Novel anticonvulsant drugs$$$ Principles of complex mechanisms of action of anticonvulsants including latest reports concerning new antiepileptic drugs (AED) are considered. Different aspects of new anticonvulsant drugs (2nd generation) from preclinical and clinical testing, pharmacokinetics, and mono or combination therapy in children and adults are summarized. In the following condensed synopsis pharmacological and clinical characteristics of gabapentin (GBP), lamotrigine (LTG), levetiracetam (LEV), oxcarbazepine (OXC), pregabalin (PGB) and tiagabine (TGB) as well as topiramate (TPM) and zonisamide (ZNS) are discussed. In addition to the mechanisms of action, pharmacokinetics, interactions, indications and dosages as well as side effects are considered. Important data concerning the effect and tolerability of anticonvulsant drugs can be obtained from controlled studies. In comparison to drugs of the first generation (phenobarbital [PB], primidon [PRD], phenytoin [PHT], carbamazepine [CBZ] and valproic acid [VPA]) the potential for interactions and side effects due to enzyme induction or inhibition is reduced by most of the anticonvulsant drugs of the second generation. New anticonvulsant drugs increase the spectrum of treatment and represent further steps with regard to the optimization of an individual therapy of the epilepsies. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Targets for antiepileptic drugs in the synapse$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have many proposed mechanisms of action and are still not fully understood. AEDs are widely used today to treat epilepsy, migraine, neuropathic pain, and bipolar disorder, and other disorders are also being investigated. The focus in this review is the main targets for AEDs in the GABAergic and glutamatergic synapses and possible future sites of action for AEDs to clarify their wide spectrum of activity. The study is a review of recently published investigations of the mechanisms of action of AEDs. The main targets for AEDs in the synapses include enhancement of GABAergic inhibitory neurotransmission, decrease in glutamatergic excitatory neurotransmission directly or via inhibition of voltage-dependent sodium and calcium channels, and interference with intracellular signaling pathways. Vigabatrin, tiagabine, and valproate possess their main actions in the GABAergic synapse. Levetiracetam, topiramate, lamotrigine, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, gabapentin, pregabalin, felbamate, and zonisamide decrease glutamatergic excitability. In addition, valproate, carbamazepine, and oxcarbazepine modulate intracellular signaling pathways. Several AEDs of a new generation based on the existing drugs are in development. Future targets to decrease excitability may include GABA and glutamate ionotropic and metabotropic receptors and astrocytes. Knowledge of the sites of action of AEDs in the synapse is important to improve our understanding of their broad spectrum of clinical efficacy and to develop future effective drugs for the treatment of both epilepsy and other neurological and psychiatric disorders. © Med Sci Monit, 2007. ER  - 
Metabolic drug interactions with newer antipsychotics: A comparative review$$$ Newer antipsychotics introduced in clinical practice in recent years include clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, sertindole, ziprasidone, aripiprazole and amisulpride. These agents are subject to drug-drug interactions with other psychotropic agents or with medications used in the treatment of concomitant physical illnesses. Most pharmacokinetic interactions with newer antipsychotics occur at the metabolic level and usually involve changes in the activity of the major drug-metabolizing enzymes involved in their biotransformation, i.e. the cytochrome P450 (CYP) monooxygenases and/or uridine diphosphate-glucuronosyltransferases (UGT). Clozapine is metabolized primarily by CYP1A2, with additional contribution by other CYP isoforms. Risperidone is metabolized primarily by CYP2D6 and, to a lesser extent, CYP3A4. Olanzapine undergoes both direct conjugation and CYP1A2-mediated oxidation. Quetiapine is metabolized by CYP3A4, while sertindole and aripiprazole are metabolized by CYP2D6 and CYP3A4. Ziprasidone pathways include aldehyde oxidase-mediated reduction and CYP3A4-mediated oxidation. Amisulpride is primarily excreted in the urine and undergoes relatively little metabolism. While novel antipsychotics are unlikely to interfere with the elimination of other drugs, co-administration of inhibitors or inducers of the major enzymes responsible for their metabolism may modify their plasma concentrations, leading to potentially significant effects. Most documented metabolic interactions involve antidepressant and anti-epileptic drugs. Of a particular clinical significance is the interaction between fluvoxamine, a potent CYP1A2 inhibitor, and clozapine. Differences in the interaction potential among the novel antipsychotics currently available may be predicted based on their metabolic pathways. The clinical relevance of these interactions should be interpreted in relation to the relative width of their therapeutic index. Avoidance of unnecessary polypharmacy, knowledge of the interaction profiles of individual agents, and careful individualization of dosage based on close evaluation of clinical response and, possibly, plasma drug concentrations are essential to prevent and minimize potentially adverse drug interactions in patients receiving newer antipsychotics. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Zonisamide for bipolar depression$$$ In recent years, research into bipolar depression has increased. Each year, more studies are published using different agents to treat this condition. In addition to effectiveness and tolerability, bipolar depression research has sought agents that do not induce cycling or mania. This paper evaluates an open-label pilot study on zonisamide for bipolar depression that examined the effectiveness and tolerability of this agent while observing for any switch to mania. Zonisamide was found to have a very low switch rate and modest effectiveness. However, a high dropout rate was observed - mostly due to side effects. Until further research is available, zonisamide is not recommended as a first-line treatment for bipolar depression. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Progress report on new antiepileptic drugs: A summary of the Eigth Eilat Conference (EILAT VIII)$$$ The Eigth Eilat Conference on New Antiepileptic Drugs (AEDs)-EILAT VII, took place in Sitges, Barcelona from the 10th to 14th September, 2006. Basic scientists, clinical pharmacologists and neurologists from 24 countries attended the conference, whose main themes included a focus on status epilepticus (epidemiology, current and future treatments), evidence-based treatment guidelines and the potential of neurostimulation in refractory epilepsy. Consistent with previous formats of this conference, the central part of the conference was devoted to a review of AEDs in development, as well as updates on marketed AEDs introduced since 1989. This article summarizes the information presented on drugs in development, including brivaracetam, eslicarbazepine acetate (BIA-2-093), fluorofelbamate, ganaxolone, huperzine, lacosamide, retigabine, rufinamide, seletracetam, stiripentol, talampanel, valrocemide, JZP-4, NS1209, PID and RWJ-333369. Updates on felbamate, gabapentin, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, oxcarbazepine and new extended release oxcarbazepine formulations, pregabalin, tiagabine, topiramate, vigabatrin, zonisamide and new extended release valproic acid formulations, and the antiepileptic vagal stimulator device are also presented. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Bupropion for weight reduction$$$ Bupropion is a norepinephrine and dopamine uptake inhibitor that has been available for several years for the treatment of depression and aiding smokers to quit. Although bupropion is not approved for treating obesity, three randomized clinical trials have shown some degree of efficacy for this drug in promoting weight loss in obese patients. The present drug profile provides a review of the pharmacology of bupropion, clinical evidence of efficacy with regard to weight reduction, tolerability and risks, and the current and future role of this drug in the management of obesity. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Eslicarbazepine Acetate (BIA 2-093)$$$ Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) [(S)-(-)-10-acetoxy-10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenz[b,f]azepine-5-carboxamide], formerly known as BIA 2-093, is a novel central nervous system (CNS)-active compound with anticonvulsant activity. It behaves as a voltage-gated sodium channel (VGSC) blocker and is currently under clinical development for the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. ESL shares with carbamazepine and oxcarbazepine the dibenzazepine nucleus bearing the 5-carboxamide substitute, but is structurally different at the 10,11-position. This molecular variation results in differences in metabolism, preventing the formation of toxic epoxide metabolites such as carbamazepine-10,11 epoxide. In pharmacokinetic studies in humans, ESL was rapidly and extensively metabolized to eslicarbazepine (S-licarbazepine), which is responsible for pharmacological activity. ESL has been tested in patients with refractory partial-onset seizures and was found to be efficacious and well tolerated. Monotherapy studies in adult epileptic patients and add-on studies in epileptic children are in the planning process. The efficacy and safety data appear to be very promising considering the refractory nature of the epileptic population enrolled in studies to date. Results of ongoing phase III studies in adult epileptic patients are expected to be available in 2007 and are required to define the position of ESL in the therapy of patients with epilepsy. © 2007 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc. ER  - 
Valproic Acid: Second Generation$$$ The manuscript focuses on structure-activity relationship studies of CNS-active compounds derived from valproic acid (VPA) that have the potential to become second-generation VPA drugs. Valproic acid is one of the four most widely prescribed antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and is effective (and regularly approved) in migraine prophylaxis and in the treatment of bipolar disorders. Valproic acid is also currently undergoing clinical trials in cancer patients. Valproic acid is the least potent of the established AEDs and its use is limited by two rare but potentially life-threatening side effects, teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity. Because AEDs treat the symptoms (seizure) and not the cause of epilepsy, epileptic patients need to take AEDs for a long period of time. Consequently, there is a substantial need to develop better and safer AEDs. To become a successful second-generation VPA, the new drug should possess the following characteristics: broad-spectrum antiepileptic activity, better potency than VPA, lack of teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity, and a favorable pharmacokinetic profile compared with VPA including a low potential for drug interactions. © 2007 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc. ER  - 
Vigabatrin$$$ Refractory epilepsies such as infantile spasms (IS) and complex partial seizures (CPS) can have a severe negative impact on the neurological integrity and quality of life of affected patients, in addition to drastically increasing their risk of premature mortality. Early identification of potentially effective pharmacotherapy agents is important. Vigabatrin has been shown to be a generally well tolerated and effective antiepileptic drug (AED) in a wide variety of seizure types affecting both children and adults, particularly those with IS and CPS. A bilateral, concentric constriction of the peripheral visual field characterizes the visual field defect (VFD) associated with vigabatrin, well characterized by numerous studies. This peripheral VFD presents in 30-50% of patients with exposure of several years; however, most of these patients are asymptomatic. In well-controlled studies, the earliest onset in patients with CPS is 11 months and at 5 months in infants, with average onsets being more than 5 years and 1 year, respectively. Patients with a peripheral VFD retain an average 65° of lateral vision (normal, 90°). The fact that many patients never develop the vigabatrin-related peripheral VFD, despite long-term exposure at high doses, may support the hypothesis that the injury is an idiosyncratic adverse drug reaction (as opposed to a strict dose- or duration-dependent toxicity). Effective testing methods are available to aid in the early detection and management of the peripheral VFD. This article discusses issues of importance to clinical decision-making in the use of vigabatrin to assist the physician and patient in assessing the benefits of vigabatrin therapy and understanding the potential risks of the VFD and uncontrolled seizures. © 2007 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc. ER  - 
Use of Antiepileptic Drugs for Nonepileptic Conditions: Psychiatric Disorders and Chronic Pain$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are commonly utilized for nonepileptic conditions, including various psychiatric disorders and pain syndromes. Evidence for their benefit in these nonepileptic conditions varies widely among different drugs, but there is, in general, a paucity of published multicenter randomized double-blind trials. Variable levels of evidence suggest that lamotrigine and the vagal nerve stimulator have antidepressant properties. Carbamazepine, valproate, lamotrigine, and oxcarbazepine appear to have mood stabilizing properties while gabapentin, pregabalin, and tiagabine have anxiolytic benefits. Barbiturates, topiramate, and possibly phenytoin may precipitate or exacerbate depression. Underlying depression and anxiety symptoms may be exacerbated by levetiracetam, while psychotic symptoms have rarely been reported with topiramate, levetiracetam, and zonisamide. Pregabalin, gabapentin, carbamazepine, and oxcarbazepine have been used to treat neuropathic pain such as postherpetic neuralgia, and diabetic polyneuropathy. Topiramate and divalproex sodium have utility in the prophylaxis or acute treatment of migraine. Further rigorous studies are needed to clarify the utility of AEDs in nonepileptic conditions. © 2007 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation for the treatment of depression and other neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation is an interesting new approach to treating neuropsychiatric diseases within the class of brain-stimulation devices sometimes labeled 'neuromodulators'. With vagus nerve stimulation, a battery-powered generator implanted in the chest wall connects to a wire wrapped around the vagus nerve in the neck, and sends intermittent pulses of electricity along the nerve directly into the brain. This mechanism takes advantage of the natural role of the vagus nerve in conveying information into the brain concerning homeostatic information (e.g., hunger, chest pain and respirations). Vagus nerve stimulation therapy is US FDA approved for the adjunctive treatment of epilepsy and has recently been FDA approved for the treatment of medication-resistant depression. Owing to its novel route into the brain, it has no drug-drug interactions or systemic side effects. This treatment also appears to have high long-term tolerability in patients, with low rates of patients relapsing on vagus nerve stimulation or becoming tolerant. However, alongside the excitement and enthusiasm for this new treatment, a lack of Class I evidence of efficacy in treating depression is currently slowing down adoption by psychiatrists. Much more research is needed regarding exactly how to refine and deliver the electrical pulses and how this differentially affects brain function in health and disease. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical presentation and treatment outcome of sleeping sickness in Sudanese pre-school children$$$ Background: Existing data on human African trypanosomiasis (HAT) due to Trypanosoma brucei gambiense among children are limited. Here, we described the demographic, clinical, diagnostic, treatment and outcome characteristics of HAT in pre-school children from Kajo-Keji County, South Sudan in comparison with older patients. Methods: We did a retrospective analysis of HAT patients treated at the Kiri Sleeping Sickness Treatment Centre (SSTC), Kajo-Keji County, from June 2000 to December 2002. Results: Of 1958 HAT patients, 119 (6.1%) were pre-school children (<6 years) including 56 (47%) in first-stage illness and 63 (53%) in second-stage. The proportion of children in second-stage HAT was significantly higher in very young children (<2 years). Walking and speech disturbances were more frequent in second-stage HAT but other neurological symptoms and signs were not associated with disease stage. Pentamidine treatment for first-stage illness was very safe and effective among pre-school children. In contrast, 4.9% of pre-school children in second-stage illness died during melarsoprol treatment and 46% had ≥1 severe adverse event(s). Macular rash, jaundice and skin necrosis on injection site were significantly more frequent in this age group (p < 0.05). Melarsoprol-induced encephalopatic syndrome was less frequent but more severe than in older age groups. Conclusion: The clinical features of T. b. gambiense HAT among pre-school children are insufficiently stage-specific. Therefore, laboratory-based staging is mandatory to prevent unnecessary harm to HAT patients caused by the high toxicity of melarsoprol. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Appendix D: Practice parameter: Treatment of Parkinson disease with motor fluctuations and dyskinesia (an evidenced-based review): Report of the Quality Standards Subcommitte of the American Academy of Neurology$$$ Objective: To make evidence-based treatment recommendations for the medical and surgical treatment of patients with Parkinson disease (PD) with levodopa-induced motor fluctuations and dyskinesia. To that end, five questions were addressed. 1. Which medications reduce off time? 2. What is the relative efficacy of medications in reducing off time? 3. Which medications reduce dyskinesia? 4. Does deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the subthalamic nucleus (STN), globus pallidus interna (GPi), or ventral intermediate (VIM) nucleus of the thalamus reduce off time, dyskinesia, and antiparkinsonian medication usage and improve motor function? 5. Which factors predict improvement after DBS? Methods: A 10-member committee including movement disorder specialists and general neurologists evaluated the available evidence based on a structured literature review including MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Ovid databases from i965 through June 2004. Results, Conclusions, and Recommendations: 1. Entacapone and rasagiline should be offered to reduce off time (Level A). Pergolide, pramipexole, ropinirole, and tolcapone should be considered to reduce off time (Level B). Apomorphine, cabergoline, and selegiline may be considered to reduce off time (Level C). 2. The available evidence does not establish superiority of one medicine over another in reducing off time (Level B). Sustained release carbidopa/levodopa and bromocriptine may be disregarded to reduce off time (Level C). 3. Amantadine maybe considered to reduce dyskinesia (Level C). 4. Deep brain stimulation of the STN may be considered to improve motor function and reduce off time, dyskinesia, and medication usage (Level C). There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the efficacy of DBS of the GPi or VIM nucleus of the thalamus in reducing off time, dyskinesia, or medication usage, or to improve motor function. 5. Preoperative response to levodopa predicts better outcome after DBS of the STN (Level B). Copyright © Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Long-acting anticoagulant rodenticide poisoning: An evidence-based consensus guideline for out-of-hospital management$$$ The objective of this guideline is to assist poison center personnel in the out-of-hospital triage and initial management of patients with suspected exposure to long-acting anticoagulant rodenticides (LAAR). An evidence-based expert consensus process was used to create this guideline. It is based on an assessment of current scientific and clinical information. The panel recognizes that specific patient care decisions may be at variance with this guideline and are the prerogative of the patient and health professionals providing care. The grade of recommendation is in parentheses. 1) Patients with exposure due to suspected self-harm, abuse, misuse, or potentially malicious administration should be referred to an emergency department immediately regardless of the doses reported (Grade D). 2) Patients with symptoms of LAAR poisoning (e.g., bleeding, bruising) should be referred immediately to an emergency department for evaluation regardless of the doses reported (Grade C). 3) Patients with chronic ingestion of LAAR should be referred immediately to an emergency department for evaluation of intent and potential coagulopathy (Grade B). 4) Patients taking anticoagulants therapeutically and who ingest any dose of a LAAR should have a baseline prothrombin time measured and then again at 48-72 hours after ingestion (Grade D). 5) Patients with unintentional ingestion of less than 1 mg of LAAR active ingredient can be safely observed at home without laboratory monitoring. This includes practically all unintentional ingestions in children less than 6 years of age (Grade C). 6) Pregnant patients with unintentional exposure to less than 1 mg of LAAR active ingredient should be evaluated by their obstetrician or primary care provider as an outpatient. Immediate referral to an ED or clinic is not required (Grade D). 7) Patients with unintentional ingestion of 1 mg or more of active ingredient and are asymptomatic should be evaluated for coagulopathy at 48-72 hours after exposure (Grade B). 8) Physicians' offices or outpatient clinics must be able to obtain coagulation study results in a timely manner, preferably in less than 24 hours, for patients who require outpatient monitoring (Grade D). 9) Gastrointestinal decontamination with ipecac syrup or gastric lavage is not recommended (Grade D). 10) Transportation to an emergency department should not be delayed for administration of activated charcoal (Grade D). 11) Patients with dermal exposures should be decontaminated by washing the skin with mild soap and water (Grade D). 12) The administration of vitamin K is not recommended prior to evaluation for coagulopathy (Grade D). Copyright © Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
The effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) add on serotonin reuptake inhibitors in patients with panic disorder: A randomized, double blind sham controlled study$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can modulate cortical activity. The goal of our study was to assess whether rTMS would facilitate effect of serotonin reuptake inhibitors in patients with panic disorder. Methods: Fifteen patients suffering from panic disorder resistant to serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SRI) therapy were randomly assigned to either active or to sham rTMS. The aim of the study was to compare the 2 and 4 weeks efficacy of the 10 sessions 1 Hz rTMS with sham rTMS add on SRI therapy. We use 1Hz, 30 minutes rTMS, 110% of motor threshold administered over the right dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The same time schedule was used for sham administration. Fifteen patients finished the study. Psychopathology was assessed using the rating scales CGI, HAMA, PDSS and BAI before the treatment, immediately after the experimental treatment and 2 weeks after the experimental treatment by an independent reviewer. Results: Both groups improved during the study period but the treatment effect did not differ-between groups in any of the instruments. Conclusion: Low frequency rTMS administered over the right dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex after 10 sessions did not differ from sham rTMS add on serotonin reuptake inhibitors in patients with panic disorder. © 2007 Neuroendocrinology Letters. ER  - 
Current and emerging therapies for painful diabetic neuropathies$$$ Neuropathy is a common complication of diabetes. The reported incidence of neuropathy in diabetes mellitus is 16 to 61%. Only 10% of the diabetic neuropathy is painful. Overall frequency of pain is around 11.6% in insulin dependent and 32.1% in the non insulin dependent diabetic patients. Pain may be encountered in patients with both generalised as well as focal and multifocal diabetic neuropathy. It may be a prominent feature in patients with hyperglycaemic neuropathy, diabetic symmetric distal polyneuropathy (DSDP), insulin neuritis, acute painful neuropathy with severe weight loss, 3rd cranial neuropathy, truncal thoracolumbar radiculoneuropathy and the lumbosacral radiculoplexus neuropathy. Pain is usually experienced in a stocking and glove distribution, but the site varies with the type of diabetic neuropathy. Pain may be described as hot, burning, cold, aching, itching, or cramp-like, with increased skin sensitivity. Examination may reveal allodynia, hyperalgesia, or hyperpathia. Nerve conduction studies and EMG may fail to detect involvement of the small sensory fibers conveying pain and temperature. Normal NCV therefore, does not rule out the diagnoses of a polyneuropathy. The peripheral, central, and autonomic nervous system, all play a role in the generation and maintenance of chronic pain. Preventive therapy focuses on early and effective treatment of hyperglycaemia. Specific therapy with trials of aldose reductase inhibitors, gangliosides, gamma linoleic acid, and nerve growth factors has proved disappointing. A wide range of drugs acting at different levels of the neuraxis are used to provide symptomatic pain relief. These include tricyclic antidepressants, anticonvulsants, SSRIs, local anaesthetic antiarrhythmics, opioids, topical agents, sympatholytic agents, NMDA antagonists, miscellaneous agents, and alternative therapies. For localised pain, capsaicin cream may be applied four times a day, for a maximum of 6 to 8 weeks. For generalised distal pain, treatment may be initiated with gabapentin or pregabalin followed-up with carbamazepine, duloxetine or tricyclic antidepressants like amitriptyline. For those with pain resistant to the above drugs, one can consider the use of mexiletene or SSRIs like citalopram and paroxetine. Other anticonvulsants like lamotrigine and topiramate may be of benefit in some cases. In desperate situations, opioids like tramadol, pethidine, and morphine may come to the rescue. ER  - 
Pregabalin: A novel γ-aminobutyric acid analogue in the treatment of neuropathic pain, partial-onset seizures, and anxiety disorders$$$ Background: The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved pregabalin in December 2004 for the treatment of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy and postherpetic neuralgia. Pregabalin is the first drug approved in the United States and in Europe for both conditions. In June 2005, pregabalin was approved as an adjunctive treatment in adults with partial-onset seizures. The FDA currently is considering the approval of pregabalin as adjunctive therapy in adults with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or social anxiety disorder (SAD). Objectives: The goals of this review were to summarize the pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, efficacy, and tolerability of pregabalin; review its approved uses in the management of neuropathic pain and refractory partial-onset seizures; and investigate its potential use in patients with GAD or SAD. Methods: Relevant English-language literature was identified through a search of MEDLINE (1993-June 2006) and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (2000-June 2006). The search terms included pregabalin, Lyrica, S-(+)-3 isobutylgaba, PN, DPN, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, PHN, postherpetic neuralgia, partial seizures, epilepsy, generalized anxiety disorder, and CI-1008. Results: In 4 clinical trials in a total of 1068 patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, the patients receiving pregabalin 300 to 600 mg/d had significantly greater improvement in mean pain scores than placebo recipients (P ≤ 0.01). Patients with postherpetic neuralgia receiving pregabalin 450 to 600 mg/d had significantly greater improvement in relief of pain and pain-related sleep interference than placebo recipients (P ≤ 0.002). Patients with refractory partial-onset seizures who received pregabalin 150 to 600 mg/d (divided into 2 or 3 doses) concomitantly with antiepileptic drugs had significantly fewer seizures than placebo recipients (P ≤ 0.001). In the 3 studies that evaluated the efficacy of pregabalin in patients with GAD or SAD, the patients receiving pregabalin 200 to 600 mg/d (divided into 2 or 3 daily doses) had a significantly greater reduction in mean pain scores on the Hamilton Anxiety Scale than placebo recipients (P ≤ 0.01). Across all the reviewed clinical trials, the most commonly reported adverse effects (AEs) were those affecting the central nervous system, including somnolence (≤50%), dizziness (≤49%), and headache (≤29%). AEs resulted in withdrawal from the study in ≤32% of patients. Conclusions: Pregabalin appears to be an effective therapy in patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, postherpetic neuralgia, and adults with refractory partial-onset seizures. The available data suggest that pregabalin may be beneficial as an adjunctive therapy in adult patients with GAD or SAD. © 2007 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Immune system modulation in the central nervous system$$$ a possible role for endocannabinoids; The immune system is designed to protect the body from infection and tumor formation. To perform this function, cells of the immune system can be dangerous for the survival and function of the neuronal network in the brain under the influence of infection or immune imbalance. An attack of immune cells inside the brain includes the potential for severe neuronal damage or cell death and therefore impairment of the CNS function. To avoid such undesirable action of the immune system, the CNS performs a cascade of cellular and molecular mechanisms enabling strict control of immune reactions "immune privilege". Under inflammatory and pathological conditions, uncontrolled immune system results in the activation of neuronal damage that is frequently associated with neurological diseases. On the other hand, processes of neuroprotection and neurorepair after neuronal damage depend on a steady and tightly controlled immune surveillance. Many immunoprotectants play a role to rebalance the immune reaction in the CNS and other organs which presents an important therapeutic target. It has been reported recently that endocannabinoids are secreted in abundance in the CNS following neuronal insult, probably for its protection. There are at least two types of cannabinoid receptors, CB1 and CB2. Both are coupled to G proteins. CB1 receptors exist primarily on central and peripheral neurons. CB2 receptors are present mainly on immune cells. Endogenous agonists for cannabinoid receptors (endocannabinoids), have been discovered, the most important being arachidonoyl ethanolamide (anandamide), 2-arachidonoyl glycerol (2AG), and 2-archidonyl glyceryl ether. Following their release, endocannabinoids are removed from the extracellular space and then degraded by intracellular enzymic hydrolysis. Therapeutic uses of cannabinoid receptor agonists/antagonists include the management of many disease conditions. They are also involved in immune system suppression and in cell to cell communication. ER  - 
Valproic acid, a molecular lead to multiple regulatory pathways$$$ Valproic acid (2-propyl pentanoic acid) is a drug used for the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. Although very rare, side effects such as spina bifida and other defects of neural tube closure indicate that valproic acid interferes with developmental regulatory pathways. Recently obtained data show that valproic acid affects cell growth, differentiation, apoptosis and immunogenicity of cultured cancer cells and tumours. Focused studies uncovered the potential of valproic acid to interfere with multiple regulatory mechanisms including histone deacetylases, GSK3 α and β, Akt, the ERK pathway, the phosphoinositol pathway, the tricarboxylic acid cycle, GABA, and the OXPHOS system. Valproic acid is emerging as a potential anticancer drug and may also serve as a molecular lead that can help design drugs with more specific and more potent effects on the one side and drugs with wide additive but weaker effects on the other. Valproic acid is thus a powerful molecular tool for better understanding and therapeutic targeting of pathways that regulate the behaviour of cancer cells. ER  - 
What is neurofeedback?$$$ EEG biofeedback (neurofeedback) originated in the late 1960s as a method for retraining brainwave patterns through operant conditioning. Since that time a sizable body of research has accumulated on the effectiveness of neurofeedback in the treatment of uncontrolled epilepsy, ADD/ADHD, anxiety, alcoholism, posttraumatic stress disorder, and mild head injuries. Studies also provide encouraging indications that neurofeedback offers a treatment alternative for use with learning disabilities, stroke, depression, fibromyalgia, autism, insomnia, tinnitus, headaches, problems with physical balance, and for the enhancement of peak performance. At a time when an increasing number of people are concerned with negative effects from relying solely on medication treatments, neurofeedback may offer an additional treatment alternative for many conditions. This article assists the reader to understand how neurofeedback works, how assessment allows neurofeedback to be individualized, and briefly reviews evidence for the neurofeedback treatment of many conditions. The public is cautioned that in selecting a practitioner for the treatment of the kinds of medical, psychiatric and psychological conditions cited above, a practitioner should be licensed for independent practice in their state or province and should ideally also be certified by a legitimately recognized body. © by The Haworth Press, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Atypical Antipsychotics and Newer Antidepressants$$$ Atypical antipsychotics and newer antidepressants are commonly prescribed medications responsible for tens of thousands of adverse drug exposures each year. The emergency medicine physician should have a basic understanding of the pharmacology and toxicity of these agents. This knowledge is crucial to providing proper care and timely management of patients presenting with adverse drug effects from exposure to atypical antipsychotics and newer antidepressants. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The Approach to the Patient with an Unknown Overdose$$$ Toxic overdose can present with various clinical signs and symptoms. These may be the only clues to diagnosis when the cause of toxicity is unknown at the time of initial assessment. The prognosis and clinical course of recovery of a patient poisoned by a specific agent depends largely on the quality of care delivered within the first few hours in the emergency setting. Usually the drug or toxin can be quickly identified by a careful history, a directed physical examination, and commonly available laboratory tests. Once the patient has been stabilized, the physician must consider how to minimize the bioavailability of toxin not yet absorbed, which antidotes (if any) to administer, and if other measures to enhance elimination are necessary. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Combination therapy with valproic acid in cancer: Initial clinical approach$$$ Valproic acid is well established as an anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing drug. However, its ability to inhibit histone deacetylases (HDACs) at therapeutic concentrations has led to its investigation in the reactivation of dormant tumor suppressor genes and its potential in the treatment of cancer. Preclinical studies have provided evidence for its efficacy in a number of human cancers, including breast, endometrial and prostate cancer, and in the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Early clinical studies in hematological cancers have shown promising efficacy in combination with the demethylating agent all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA) in AML and myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS). A number of studies are ongoing, including a phase III study with standard induction and consolidation therapy in up to 500 older patients with newly diagnosed AML. Promising evidence of efficacy has also been demonstrated in patients with solid tumors, including breast cancer and melanoma, and ongoing studies are evaluating valproic acid in the treatment of glioblastoma and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Copyright © 2006 Prous Science. ER  - 
Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder: Controversies of diagnosis and safety of pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatment$$$ Attention-Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a condition that presents with a variety of behavioral and social problems. The objective of this review was to examine the evidence concerning the controversies surrounding the diagnosis of ADHD and the safety of pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatment. A MEDLINE search was conducted using MeSH terms ADHD, children, treatments or behavioral therapy. The search was limited to January 1990 to present, randomized clinical trials, retrospective studies and English. Fifty-seven articles were selected for review. Controversies exist regarding the diagnosis: variations exist by gender, across countries and by method of diagnosis. These issues are currently unresolved. The interventions with the most data concerning their safety and efficacy in children were stimulant medications. Children with ADHD who took stimulant medications showed the greatest improvement in behavior when compared to other interventions such as behavior therapy or family counseling. Limitations of behavior therapy included that it is often a difficult process to continue on an ongoing basis and only a portion of the therapy stimulated the child's natural reward system. However, a combination of both stimulant medication and behavior therapy demonstrated synergistic efficacy. Care must be taken to insure that issues of gender and race, as well as the adverse effects of treatment options, are adequately taken into account by the treating clinician. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Novel therapies for cytomegalovirus disease$$$ Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection is one of the most important infectious complications of solid-organ transplantation, a serious, life-threatining, opportunistic pathogen in HIV-infected patients, and may cause hearing defects and irreversible central nervous system disease in infants infected during gestation. Four drugs are currently licensed for prophylaxis, pre-emptive therapy, and treatment of CMV infection - ganciclovir, and its oral prodrug valganciclovir, foscarnet, cidofovir, and fomivirsen. All four drugs are effective against CMV infection. Toxicities, drug-drug interactions, poor bioaailibility, and the development of drug resistance, however, are clinically relevant and common limitations of these drugs. Novel compounds are on the horizon that possibly will become useful alternatives to currently licensed drugs. Maribavir, a benzimidazol, is the most promising novel drug and closest to clinical application. Several phase II clinical trials proved its good tolerability and effectivity. Other compounds are currently evaluated in pre-clinical and phase I trials with promising preliminary data. In addition, analogs of cidofovir posess significantly improved pharmacological and virological characteristics allowing their oral administration. This review summarizes the current status in drug development and will introduce the most recent patents on this line of research. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Weight gain as an adverse effect of some commonly prescribed drugs: A systematic review$$$ Several drugs, or categories of drugs, listed by the WHO and other writers and used in the treatment of chronic disease, are consistently associated with weight gain as a side effect and considered 'obesogenic'. The extent to which they may contribute to the multifactorial process behind obesity is not well documented. We systematically reviewed papers from Medline 1966-2004, Embase 1980-2004, PsycINFO 1967-2004, and Cochrane Register of Controlled Trials, to determine the effect on body weight of some drugs that are believed to favour weight gain. We included randomized controlled studies of adult participants (>18 years) prescribed a drug considered obesogenic, that compared the 'obesogenic' drug with placebo, an alternative drug or other treatment, and that had a duration of at least 3 months: 43 studies totalling 25 663 subjects met these criteria. The main objective of the majority of studies was to compare the efficacy and safety of drug therapy, with weight change recorded under safety outcomes; weight change was a primary outcome measure in only six studies. There was evidence of weight gain for all drugs included, up to 10 kg at 52 weeks. Differences in dosage, patient population, duration of treatment and dietary advice make generalization of the results difficult. Data on body weight are often not recorded in published clinical trials or is reported in insufficient detail. This side-effect has potentially serious consequences, and should be mentioned to patients. Weight management measures should be routinely considered when prescribing drugs known to promote weight gain. Future clinical trials should always document weight changes. © The Author 2007. ER  - 
Epileptic psychoses - evaluation of clinical aspects.$$$ Epileptic psychoses as the most complex psychopathological phenomena represent unexplored states for prognosis. Clinical trials, conveyed in order to found risk factors still are not consistent in their conclusions. By this research results of all biological, clinical, psychological and social, as well as demographic factors will contribute to opportunity to find variables which could finally prevent these conditions. In this study we tried to evaluate clinical variables which could foresee manifestation of interictal and postictal psychosis. This research study is epidemiological, clinical, retrospective and analytical. In total 567 patients were included in this study, which belonged to the diagnostic criteria F 0.6 according to ICD-10 classification, among which 14 patients with the diagnosed epileptic psychosis (06,8) were followed. All patients were hospitalized and evaluated at the Psychiatric Clinic in University of Sarajevo Clinics Centre, during time period between 01.01.2000 - 31.08.2006. Within baseline all relevant clinical and demographic variables were evaluated. Among patients most dominant form of behavior was expansive, with emphasized paranoid ideations and perception of auditory hallucinations. A correlation between intensive psychological trauma as an exacerbation factor and prolonged illness is determined, as well as between expression of psychotic symptoms and forced normalization by antiepileptic medications. Also is proven that among postictal psychosis more dominant are suicide attempts and aggressive behavior. ER  - 
Review of alcohol withdrawal in the hospitalized patient: Management$$$ Hospitalized orthopedic patients commonly require management of chronic disease states, one of which is alcohol withdrawal syndrome. This article is the second in a two-part series reviewing alcohol withdrawal in the hospitalized patient. Part one appeared in the May 2007 issue of Orthopedics. ER  - 
Adiposopathy: Treating pathogenic adipose tissue to reduce cardiovascular disease risk$$$ Excessive adipose tissue is potentially pathogenic due to its mass effects and through adverse metabolic/immune responses, which may lead to cardiovascular disease risk factors (eg, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and possibly atherosclerosis itself). Positive caloric balance in genetically/environmentally susceptible patients may result in adipocyte hypertrophy, visceral adipose tissue accumulation, and ectopic fat deposition, all causally associated with metabolic disease, and all anatomic manifestations of "adiposopathy" (a term used to describe adipose tissue pathology). Weight loss through improved nutrition, increased physical activity, and weight loss agents (ie, orlistat and sibutramine) improves adiposopathy and improves many metabolic diseases whose prevalence are directly associated with an increase in body fat and sedentary lifestyle. Cannabinoid receptor antagonists improve adiposopathy through weight reduction and favorable metabolic effects upon multiple body organs (including adipocytes). Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ agonists may improve adiposopathy through recruitment of functional fat cells and apoptosis of dysfunctional fat cells. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Clinical, laboratory and neuroimage findings in juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus presenting involvement of the nervous system$$$ Objective: To characterize neurological involvement in juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus. Method: The charts of all patients with the diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus before the age of 16 years, followed at the Rheumatology Unit of Pequeno Príncipe Hospital, from January 1992 to January 2006, were retrospectively reviewed, highlighting neuropsychiatric aspects. Results: Forty-seven patients were included. Neuropsychiatric syndromes were found 29 (61.7%): seizures (17 / 36.2%), intractable headache (7 /14.9%), mood disorders (5 / 10.6%), cerebrovascular disease (4 / 8.5%), acute confusional state (3 / 6.4%), aseptic meningitis (3 / 6.4%), psychosis (3 / 6.4%), chorea (3 / 6.4%), Guillain-Barré syndrome (2 / 4.3%) and cranial neuropathy (1 / 2.1%). Morbidity indexes (SLEDAI and SLICC) were higher among patients with neuropsychiatric manifestations (p<0.05). Conclusion: Neuropsychiatric syndromes are frequent, and add significant morbidity to juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus. ER  - 
Donepezil in Alzheimer's disease: From conventional trials to pharmacogenetics$$$ Donepezil is the leading compound for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD) in more than 50 countries. As compared with other conventional acetyleholinesterase inhibitors (AChEIs), donepezil is a highly selective and reversible piperidine derivative with AChEI activity that exhibits the best pharmacological profile in terms of cognitive improvement, responders rate (40%-58%), dropout cases (5%-13%), and side-effects (6%-13%) in AD. Although donepezil represents a non cost-effective treatment most studies convey that this drug can provide a modest benefit on cognition, behavior, and activities of the daily living in both moderate and severe AD, contributing to slow down disease progression and, to a lesser exetnt, to delay institutionalization. Patients with vascular dementia might also benefit from donepezil in a similar fashion to AD patients. Some potential effects of donepezil on the AD brain, leading to reduced cortico-hippocampal atrophy, include the following: AChE inhibition, enhancement of cholinergic neurotransmission and putative modulation of other neurotransmitter systems, protection against glutamate-induced excitotoxicity, activation of neurotrophic mechanisms, promotion of non-amyloidodgenic pathways for APP processing, and indirect effects on cerebrovascular function improving brain perfusion. Recent studies demonstrate that the therapeutic response in AD is genotype-specific. Donepezil is metabolized via CYP-related enzymes, especially CYP2D6, CYP3A4, and CYPIA2. Approximately, 15%-20% of the AD population may exhibit an abnormal metabolism of AChEIs; about 50% of this population cluster would show an ultrarapid metabolism, requiring higher doses of AChEIs to reach a therapeutic threshold, whereas the other 50% of the cluster would exhibit a poor metabolism, displaying potential adverse events at low doses. In AD patients treated with a multifactorial therapy, including donepezil, the best responders are the CYP2D6-related extensive (EM)(*1/*1, *1/* 10) (57.47%) and intermediate metabolizers (IM)(* 1/*3, *1/* 5, *1/*6, *7/*10) (25.290/6), and the worst responders are the poor (PM) (*4/*4)(9.20%) and ultra-rapid metabolizers (UM) (* 1xN/* 1) (8.04%). Pharmacogenetic and pharmacogenomic factors may account for 755-85% of the therapeutic response in AD patients treated with donepezil and other AChEIs metabolized via enzymes of the CYP family. The implementation of pharmacogenetic protocols can optimize AD therapeutics. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical pearls for procedural sedation$$$ This article details several common pharmacological entities, as well as new procedural sedation and analgesia agents and methods currently in use. ER  - 
Varenicline: A review of the literature and place in therapy$$$ Evidence regarding the health consequences of smoking is undeniable, yet 21% of the American population continues to smoke. In addition to behavioral modifications, first-line treatment options include nicotine replacement therapies and bupropion SR. Varenicline, which was recently approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), offers a novel mechanism of action for smoking cessation. This article reviews current firstline smoking cessation aids and evaluates the clinical trials pertaining to the efficacy and safety of varenicline. Additionally, the authors attempt to establish the role of varenicline in smoking cessation therapy and determine whether varenicline should be used prior to other first-line smoking cessation aids, particularly considering the lower costs of generic alternatives. At present, clinical studies have not established the efficacy of varenicline after repeated courses, following bupropion failures, or in various unstudied populations. Relatively poor study outcomes emphasize the need to provide patients with behavioral counseling throughout each quit attempt and for 1 year past the quit date. ER  - 
Actual bioavailability of divalproex sodium extended-release tablets and its clinical implications$$$ Divalproex sodium extended-release dosage form (divalproex-ER) has been promoted as innovative formulation for the treatment of epilepsy and manic disorders, and for migraine headache prevention, with the advantage of being dosing once a day. Due to a significant decreasing in the peak-trough fluctuation of plasma valproic acid levels, in comparison with the twice-daily dosing of conventional delayed-release formulations (divalproex-DR), concentration-dependent side effects would be prevented. However the main constraint for divalproex-ER usage is the need to be administered in a higher daily dose, because of its lower bioavailability, in order to prevent eventual breakthrough seizures when patients are switched from the twice-daily divalproex DR regimen. Taking into account free plasma drug levels, divalproex ER/DR relative bioavailability could be assessed as low as 75% in fasting condition. In order to overcome the need of increase divalproex-ER daily dose, maintenance of the twice-daily regimen is suggested. Divalproex-ER administered every 12 hours not only increases steady state trough concentration to a higher value in comparison with divalproex-DR, avoiding inefficacy of the treatment, but also achieves the safest manner to treat patients with valproic acid because of reaching practically a plateau profile of drug levels. ER  - 
The psychiatric management of patients with alcohol dependence$$$ Alcohol dependence is a chronic, relapsing biobehavioral disease mediated by various parts of the brain, including reward systems, memory circuits, and the prefrontal cortex. It is characterized by loss of the ability to drink alcohol in moderation and continued drinking despite negative consequences. The alcohol withdrawal syndrome is a common but not universal diagnostic feature of alcohol dependence. Benzodiazepine detoxification of the alcohol withdrawal syndrome prevents the development of withdrawal seizures and delirium tremens, and makes patients more comfortable, which promotes engagement in treatment. Symptom-triggered dosing, based on a withdrawal rating scale such as the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment of Alcohol Scale, Revised, is optimal for minimizing the total benzodiazepine dosage. Use of a long-acting benzodiazepine (eg, chlordiazepoxide) is preferred in uncomplicated patients. Thiamine should be administered routinely beforethe administration of intravenous fluids to prevent the development of Wernicke's encephalopathy and Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome. In combination with psychosocial treatment, disulfiram, naltrexone, and acamprosate can reduce the frequency of relapse. Naltrexone may be more effective for reduction of loss of control with the first drink and cue-related craving, and acamprosate may be more effective for stabilizing the physiology of post-acute withdrawal. Disulfiram, an aversive deterrent, can be useful if administration can be monitored and tied to meaningful contingencies or when used prophylactically for situations anticipated to carry high risk of relapse. Psychiatric comorbidity, especially depression, is common and is best addressed concurrently, although definitive diagnosis may have to await a period of prolonged sobriety. Prescription of addictive substances, including benzodiazepines beyond the period of acute detoxification, should be avoided, and if necessary should be closely monitored (eg, by frequent visits with small prescriptions, clinic-administered disulfiram, and/or urine or breath alcohol screenings). Abstinence from alcohol is recommended for persons with alcohol dependence. Psychosocial treatment and participation in Alcoholics Anonymous can help patients achieve and maintain abstinence. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Mood disorders in patients with epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy is a common disabling neurological disorder associated with increased rates of mood disorders especially depression as compared to the general population. Most antidepressants at therapeutic dosages exhibit a seizure risk. Some antidepressants may also display antiepileptic effects, especially at low doses, but the mechanism of this action is largely unknown. In general, the new antidepressants that selectively inhibit the reuptake of serotonin may cause an increase in plasma concentrations of antiepileptic drugs. On the other hand, phenobarbital, phenytoin and carbarnazepine stimulate the catabolic degradation of tricyclic antidepressants and tricyclic antidepressants have an inhibitory effect on the elimination of antiepileptic drugs. This article refers to the relevance of interactions between antiepileptic drugs and antidepressant drugs in the treatment of mood disorders in patients with epilepsy. Copyright © 2007 by Institute of Pharmacology Polish Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
The Crying Infant$$$ Infants with the chief complaint of crying can present a diagnostic dilemma to the health care provider. This article discusses the differential diagnosis and management of the crying infant. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Thymalfasin for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection$$$ The purpose of this review article is to examine previous and ongoing studies of thymalfasin in combination with peginterferon-α2a and peginterferon-α2a plus ribavirin in difficult-to-treat hepatitis C virus (HCV) patients. The following studies will be reviewed in detail: (1) Sherman and colleagues conducted a study in 109 HCV RNA positive HVC patients comparing the combination of thymalfasin + IFN versus IFN alone versus placebo. (2) Rustgi et al. evaluated the efficacy and safety of thymalfasin and peg-IFN-α2a in 31 genotype 1, high viral load, HCV nonresponders in a 12-week viral kinetic study. (3) Di Bisceglie, Sherman et al. performed a study of previous HCV nonresponders being retreated with either peginterferon-α2a plus thymalfasin or peginterferon-α2a plus placebo. (4) Poo and colleagues in Mexico evaluated triple combination therapy using thymalfasin, peginterferon-α2a, and ribavirin for the treatment of Hispanic HCV nonresponders. © 2007 New York Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
Agents for sedation in ophthalmic surgery: A review of the pharmacodynamics and clinical applications$$$ Sedation is often required to improve patient comfort during the placement of local blocks in eye surgery. The ideal sedative should have a rapid onset of action and be able to ensure immobility while allowing for patients to respond to verbal commands. Furthermore, ideal sedatives should provide amnesia, have a sufficiently short duration of action to facilitate patient cooperation during surgery, have minimal side effects and allow for a rapid return to home-readiness. Combined analgesic and sedative regimes are widely used in tandem with local/regional blocks; however, potential problems with sedative/narcotic agents are considerable. These complications include ventilatory depression and loss of airway control with hypoxia and hypercapnia, and may cause the patient to become confused intra-operatively. The role of sedation in a wide variety of ophthalmic procedures as well as the variation in sedative agents used with regards to dosage regimes and drug combinations as applied in clinical practice can only be illustrated by referring to the published data. As a result, the goal of this paper is to examine the spectrum of sedative drugs that have been used in the process of eye surgery as published in the literature since 1990 with special attention being given to the pharmacodynamics and clinical applications of relevant drugs in current use. In conclusion there does not seem to be one drug or one regimen indicative of standardization of sedation practice in eye surgery. It rather seems as if there could be a competition between drugs and regimens for the position of the best and most favourable place in the armamentarium of sedationists and anaesthesiologists. There could be strong indications from the literature that drugs like midazolam, propofol,and remifentanil are the favourites for sedation in eye surgery. It might be necessary to take another look at the group of alpha-2 adrenergic agonists and also perhaps at low-dose ketamine. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The selection and use of essential medicines$$$ This report presents the recommendations of the WHO Expert Committee responsible for updating the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines. The first part contains a summary of the Committee's considerations and justifications for additions and changes to the Model List, including its recommendations. Annexes to the main report include the revised version of the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines (the 14th) and a list of all items on the Model List sorted according to their 5-level Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical (ATC) classification codes. © World Health Organization 2006. ER  - 
Critical care perspective on immunotherapy in lung transplantation$$$ Lung transplantation is now a viable therapeutic option in the care of patients with advanced pulmonary parenchymal or pulmonary vascular disease. Lung transplantation, however, with chronic posttransplant immunosuppression, creates a uniquely vulnerable population of patients likely to experience significant life-threatening complications requiring intensive care. The introduction of several novel immunosuppressive agents, such as sirolimus and mycophenolate mofetil, in conjunction with more established agents such as cyclosporine and tacrolimus, has greatly increased treatment options for lung transplant recipients and likely contributed to improved short-term transplant outcomes. Modern transplant immunosuppression, however, is associated with a host of complications such as opportunistic infections, renal failure, and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. The main focus of this review is to provide a comprehensive summary of modern immunotherapy in lung transplantation and to increase awareness of the serious and potentially life-threatening complications of these medications. Copyright © 2006 Sage Publications. ER  - 
Angels and demons: neurotrophic factors and epilepsy$$$ Several lines of evidence indicate that neurotrophic factors (NTFs) could be key causal mediators in the development of acquired epileptic syndromes. Yet the trophic properties of NTFs indicate that they might be used to treat epilepsy-associated damage. Accordingly, different NTFs, or even the same NTF, could produce functionally contrasting effects in the context of epilepsy. Recent experimental evidence begins to shed light on the mechanisms underlying these contrasting effects. Understanding these mechanisms will be instrumental for the development of effective therapies, which must be based on a careful consideration of the biological properties of NTFs. Here, we critically evaluate new information emerging in this area and discuss its implications for clinical treatment. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Endogenous opiates and behavior: 2005$$$ This paper is the 28th consecutive installment of the annual review of research concerning the endogenous opioid system, now spanning over a quarter-century of research. It summarizes papers published during 2005 that studied the behavioral effects of molecular, pharmacological and genetic manipulation of opioid peptides, opioid receptors, opioid agonists and opioid antagonists. The particular topics that continue to be covered include the molecular-biochemical effects and neurochemical localization studies of endogenous opioids and their receptors related to behavior (Section 2), and the roles of these opioid peptides and receptors in pain and analgesia (Section 3); stress and social status (Section 4); tolerance and dependence (Section 5); learning and memory (Section 6); eating and drinking (Section 7); alcohol and drugs of abuse (Section 8); sexual activity and hormones, pregnancy, development and endocrinology (Section 9); mental illness and mood (Section 10); seizures and neurologic disorders (Section 11); electrical-related activity, neurophysiology and transmitter release (Section 12); general activity and locomotion (Section 13); gastrointestinal, renal and hepatic functions (Section 14); cardiovascular responses (Section 15); respiration and thermoregulation (Section 16); immunological responses (Section 17). © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Therapeutic applications of conotoxins that target the neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptor$$$ Pain therapeutics discovered by molecular mining of the expressed genome of Australian predatory cone snails are providing lead compounds for the treatment of neurological diseases such as multiple sclerosis, shingles, diabetic neuropathy and other painful neurological conditions. The high specificity exhibited by these novel compounds for neuronal receptors and ion channels in the brain and nervous system indicates the high degree of selectivity that this class of neuropeptides can be expected to show when used therapeutically in humans. A lead compound, ACV1 (conotoxin Vc1.1 from Conus victoriae), has entered Phase II clinical trials and is being developed for the treatment for neuropathic pain. ACV1 will be targeted initially for the treatment of sciatica, shingles and diabetic neuropathy. The compound is a 16 amino acid peptide [Sandall et al., 2003. A novel α-conotoxin identified by gene sequencing is active in suppressing the vascular response to selective stimulation of sensory nerves in vivo. Biochemistry 42, 6904-6911], an antagonist of neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. It has potent analgesic activity following subcutaneous or intramuscular administration in several preclinical animal models of human neuropathic pain [Satkunanathan et al., 2005. Alpha conotoxin Vc1.1 alleviates neuropathic pain and accelerates functional recovery of injured neurons. Brain. Res. 1059, 149-158]. ACV1 may act as an analgesic by decreasing ectopic excitation in sensory nerves. In addition ACV1 appears to accelerate the recovery of injured nerves and tissues. © 2006. ER  - 
Pharmacological Effects On Sexual Function$$$ Many drugs may have effects on sexual function. Sexual function is complex and psychological and relationship issues are likely to have greater impacts on sexual function in women than drugs. Although it is important to understand the effects of drugs on sexual function, physicians should use caution in "medicalization" of sexual function in women [106]. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Medical management of patients with brain tumors$$$ The most common medical problems in brain tumor patients include the management of seizures, peritumoral edema, medication side effects, venous thromboembolism (VTE), fatigue and cognitive dysfunction. Despite their importance, there are relatively few studies specifically addressing these issues. There is increasing evidence that brain tumor patients who have not had a seizure do not benefit from prophylactic antiepileptic medications. Patients on corticosteroids are at greater risk of Pneumocystis jerovecii pneumonia and may benefit from prophylactic therapy. There is also growing evidence suggesting that anticoagulation may be more effective than inferior vena cava IVC) filtration devices for treating VTE in brain tumor patients and the risk of hemorrhage with anticoagulation is relatively small. Low-molecular weight heparin may be more effective than coumadin. Medications such as modafinil and methylphenidate have assumed an increasing role in the treatment of fatigue, while donepezil and memantine may be helpful with memory loss. © Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2006. ER  - 
Psychiatric management of the hepatitis C patients$$$ Patients with hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection have a higher prevalence of psychiatric illness compared with the general US population, and the prevalence of HCV infection in patients with severe mental illness ranges between 8% and 19%, which is four to nine times that of the general US population (1.8%). Given the association between HCV infection and psychiatric illness, gastroenterologists are on the front line of identifying comorbid psychiatric and substance use disorders and conducting a psychosocial pretreatment risk-benefit assessment for HCV infection. The use of interferon-α (IFN)-based therapies in combination with ribavirin (RBV) to eradicate HCV has been associated with frequent neuropsychiatric adverse effects (eg, affective, anxiety, cognitive, and psychotic symptoms) that compromise the management of both HCV patients with and those without a preexisting history of psychiatric illness. Consequently, gastroenterologists have been reluctant to engage patients with HCV and comorbid psychiatric illness in antiviral treatment due to concerns about exacerbating or precipitating neuropsychiatric symptoms. Despite the clinical challenge that HCV treatment of patients with comorbid HCV and psychiatric illness presents, recent research indicates that HCV treatments can be safely administered to patients with psychiatric illness provided that there is a comprehensive pretreatment assessment, a risk-benefit analysis, and ongoing follow-up of neuropsychiatric symptoms during antiviral therapy. The process of pretreatment assessment involves screening patients for psychiatric and substance use disorders, educating patients about the treatment process, and addressing available psychosocial support. Most psychotropic medications (antidepressants, mood stabilizers, antipsychotics, and neuroleptics) are thought to be safe to use in the management of patients with HCV and psychiatric illness and for the management of IFN- and RBV-induced neuropsychiatric adverse effects. Nonetheless, the prophylactic use of psychotropic medications to prevent IFN-and RBV-induced neuropsychiatric adverse effects remains a controversial topic. The use of IFN and RBV in patients with HCV and severe mental illness can be done safely with expert psychiatric follow-up. In this review, we discuss the process of pretreatment assessment of patients with HCV and psychiatric illness and specifically address IFN- and RBV-induced depression in patients receiving HCV treatment. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Treatment of refractory ascites$$$ In 1996, the International Ascites CLub defined "refractory ascites" as ascites that cannot be mobilized by medical therapy or that recurs early after initial mobilization despite continued treatment. Of all patients with ascites, 5% to 10% will become refractory to medical therapy. Management of refractory ascites should attempt to control fluid accumulation, reduce the likelihood of developing complications such as spontaneous bacterial peritonitis (SBP) and the hepatorenal syndrome, and improve the patient's nutritional status and overall well-being. Measures to control ascites accumulation include documenting medication and dietary compliance and eliminating potentially nephrotoxic agents that promote sodium retention. Large volume paracentesis is an effective first step in managing these patients and can be performed routinely in an outpatient setting. When more than 5 L of fluid are removed during a paracentesis, intravenous albumin should be infused to reduce the likelihood of the patient developing postparacentesis circulatory dysfunction. Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt (TIPS) placement effectively eliminates ascites; however, there is no convincing evidence that the shunt improves mortality. Furthermore, it is associated with frequent complications of encephalopathy and shunt malfunction. We feel TIPS should be reserved for patients requiring extremely frequent paracentesis, those who develop significant postparacentesis circulatory dysfunction, or those with hepatic hydrothorax. Patients who have evidence of SBP should be treated with antibiotics and intravenous albumin infusion. Patients who have had a previous episode of SBP or an ascitic fluid protein level of Less than 1.0 should receive prophylactic antibiotics. Overall, the prognosis for patients with refractory ascites remains grim, and Liver transplantation is the only definitive therapy. Appropriate candidates should be identified promptly and referred for transplant evaluation. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
SSRI antidepressants and birth defects$$$ • Between 20% and 30% of newborns exposed to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants (SSRIs) towards the end of gestation have disorders such as agitation, abnormal muscle tone and suction, seizures and hyponatraemia. • Worrisome data concerning a possible teratogenic effect were published in late 2005. • In a Danish cohort including 1054 pregnant women, the estimated relative risk of all congenital malformations, compared with the general population, among the offspring of women who received a prescription for an SSRI was 1.4 (95% CI 1.1-1.9), and the relative risk of cardiac malformations was 1.6 (95% CI 1.0-2.6). • An American retrospective study compared the newborns of women who were prescribed paroxetine during the first trimester of pregnancy with all newborns exposed to other antidepressants: 4% of newborns exposed to paroxetine had malformations (2% had cardiac malformations). The estimated relative risk for all congenital malformations was 2.20 (95% CI 1.34-3.63), and the estimated relative risk of cardiovascular malformations was 2.08 (95% CI 1.03-4.23). • Analysis of a Swedish birth register provided an estimated relative risk of cardiac malformations associated with paroxetine of 2.22 (95% CI 1.39-3.55) compared with the general population. • Another American study showed a global increase in the risk of malformations with paroxetine compared with all antidepressants. The risk of cardiovascular malformations was not significantly increased. • In a case-control study based on an American register of birth defects, the estimated relative risk of omphalocele was 3.0 with all SSRIs (95% CI 1.4 to 6.1), and the estimated relative risk of craniosynostosis was 1.8 (95% CI 1.0-3.2). • In practice, all SSRIs have been implicated in a possible increase in the risk of congenital malformations, but the most worrisome evidence concerns paroxetine. This potential risk implies that the justification for paroxetine treatment in pregnant women should be carefully weighed; this means double-checking the diagnosis, the potential benefits and adverse effects, and possible alternatives. ER  - 
New pharmacological approaches for the treatment of alcoholism$$$ Pharmacological relapse prevention in alcoholism is a rather new clinical field with few drugs being available. Acamprosate, acting predominantly via glutamatergic pathways, and the opioid receptor antagonist naltrexone, were both shown to be efficient in improving rates for continuous abstinence, and not relapsing to heavy drinking in a number of clinical trials and meta-analyses. There are conflicting data on both drugs, especially for acamprosate, according to some recent US studies. However, overall, the evidence is good. Both drugs are approved in most European countries and the US. Efficacy data for disulfiram are mixed; it is a second-line medication compared with other drugs, and is probably most effective when used in a supervised setting. Recently, anticonvulsants including carbamazepine and topiramate have been discussed as possible anti-craving drugs, but there is still limited evidence for their efficacy. Although there is a significant comorbidity for alcoholism with affective disorder, anxiety and schizophrenia, relatively few controlled clinical trials have been performed in this area. Tricyclics have been found to be more effective than serotonin reuptake inhibitors in improving depressive symptoms in these patients. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
DNA microarrays in herbal drug research$$$ Natural products are gaining increased applications in drug discovery and development. Being chemically diverse they are able to modulate several targets simultaneously in a complex system. Analysis of gene expression becomes necessary for better understanding of molecular mechanisms. Conventional strategies for expression profiling are optimized for single gene analysis. DNA microarrays serve as suitable high throughput tool for simultaneous analysis of multiple genes. Major practical applicability of DNA microarrays remains in DNA mutation and polymorphism analysis. This review highlights applications of DNA microarrays in pharmacodynamics, pharmacogenomics, toxicogenomics and quality control of herbal drugs and extracts. © 2006 The Author(s). ER  - 
The Office Management of Epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy in children is mostly diagnosed and treated in an ambulatory office setting. This article reviews the literature and offers opinions about the best practice from the time of diagnosis through to remission and beyond. The diagnosis and assignment of an epilepsy syndrome may be difficult, and even experts disagree in many cases. Regular review of the basic diagnosis and semiology of seizures is suggested throughout treatment. Workup should always include an electroencephalogram and usually magnetic resonance imaging. Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) suppress seizures but appear to have little effect on long-term remission, and the choice of AED is for the most part arbitrary with most AEDs having a similar success rate when used as the first drug. Families have a great need for accurate information, and their ability to cope with the unpredictable nature of seizures may be assisted by "rescue" home benzodiazepines. Surveillance for drug toxicity and side effects is a critical clinical skill that is not assisted by routine blood tests or AED serum levels. Most children with epilepsy do not have many seizures and need not have significant restrictions on their activities. In the long run, comorbidities (especially learning and behavior problems) have a greater impact on social function than the epilepsy. Management of these problems may extend well beyond remission of the epilepsy. The child neurologist needs to prepare children with persistent epilepsy for transfer to adult epilepsy services. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetics, toxicology and safety of lamotrigine in epilepsy$$$ Optimisation of pharmacotherapy for epilepsy requires consideration of the impact of drug metabolism and toxicology on the therapeutic profiles and clinical use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). This review discusses the pharmacokinetics and toxicology of the AED lamotrigine, and considers the implications of these data for optimising its use in the management of epilepsy. Lamotrigine has good absorption, minimal plasma protein binding and linear pharmacokinetics. Partly because of these properties, frequent dosing adjustments are generally unnecessary, and therapeutic monitoring is not required under most circumstances. Lamotrigine is not associated with clinically significant neurological, cognitive, metabolic, hepatic or reproductive endocrine toxicity. Like other AEDs, including carbamazepine and phenytoin, lamotrigine has been associated with serious rash. With some exceptions, lamotrigine has relatively few clinically relevant drug interactions, a characteristic important in reducing safety risks, especially among patients who require polytherapy. The clinical impact of pharmacokinetic interactions between lamotrigine and enzyme-inducing AEDs or valproate can be minimised by adhering to recommended dose-escalation schedules with demonstrated reliability in clinical trials and clinical practice. Likewise, adhering to recommended dosing guidelines can minimise the risk of lamotrigine-associated rash. The pharmacokinetic, toxicology and safety profiles of lamotrigine make the drug suitable for use across a spectrum of patients with epilepsy. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Potential of levetiracetam in mood disorders: A preliminary review$$$ Levetiracetam is a newer antiepileptic agent that was first approved by the US FDA in 1999 as an adjunctive therapy for the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy in adults. Since then, it has been approved for a wider patient population, i.e. as adjunctive therapy for partial seizures in patients >4 years of age (worldwide) and as first-line monotherapy for partial seizures in patients >16 years of age (in Europe); and as adjunctive therapy for juvenile myoclonic seizures (in Europe and the US). It has a favourable pharmacokinetic profile and appears to act at a specific site in the CNS. Pharmacodynamic evidence indicates that levetiracetam indirectly facilitates GABAergic function, and an increasing body of evidence suggests an important role for GABA in the pathophysiology of mood disorders. Preclinical studies using animal models of depression, anxiety and mania provide evidence for levetiracetam as a mood stabiliser. Preliminary clinical evidence from case reports and open-label pilot studies indicates that the drug, both as add-on therapy and as monotherapy, has efficacy in a wide range of bipolar spectrum disorders. Most recently, a 31% remission rate was reported in patients with bipolar disorder who were in the depressed phase at baseline and who received levetiracetam as add-on therapy for 8 weeks in an open-label trial. While these results are encouraging, placebo-controlled data are needed to further clarify the role of levetiracetam in the treatment of mood disorders. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adverse effects of atypical antipsychotics in the elderly: A review$$$ Use of antipsychotic medication is very common in the elderly and often an essential therapy. However, successful treatment in the elderly requires appropriate multidimensional assessment of the patient, knowledge of possible multiple co-morbidities, and awareness of the complexities of polypharmacy, age-dependent changes in pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, and drug-drug interactions in this age group. Antipsychotics are known to have a number of adverse effects. New antipsychotics, such as amisulpride, clozapine, olanzapine, risperidone, quetiapine, ziprasidone, zotepine and aripiprazole, may interact with both dopamine and serotonin receptors. However, compared with conventional antipsychotics, they are less likely to cause extrapyramidal symptoms and are better tolerated in the elderly. At the same time, consistent differences between atypical antipsychotics have been demonstrated. Use of clozapine, for example, is limited by the risk of agranulocytosis, whereas this is not a disadvantage of olanzapine, risperidone, quetiapine and, more recently, ziprasidone, which are being widely used with good results in schizophrenia. However, use of the latter agents to treat the behavioural and psychological symptoms of dementia has been restricted because of recent observations of increased cardiovascular events in patients taking risperidone and olanzapine treatment. Nonetheless, careful review of the literature suggests that the available evidence does not support any causal relationship between use of risperidone or olanzapine and cardiovascular events. This article focuses on some of the main adverse effects commonly reported during administration of atypical antipsychotics to elderly patients. Such effects may be partly explained by age-related changes in pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, and partly by the characteristics of the drugs themselves and their different receptor binding profiles. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Empirical evidence for the use of lithium and anticonvulsants in children with psychiatric disorders$$$ Background: The use of psychotropic medications-in particular, mood stabilizers-in youths with psychiatric illness has grown. There are trends toward polypharmacy and the increased use of newer mood stabilizers in youths with psychiatric illness despite a paucity of studies examining the short- and long-term efficacy and safety of these agents in the pediatric population. Method: PubMed was used to identify peer-reviewed publications from the past 30 years (January 1975 to August 2005) studying lithium and anticonvulsants in youths with psychiatric illness. Results: Evidence supporting the use of lithium and valproate in the treatment of juvenile bipolar disorder and reactive aggression has grown. Evidence for the use of other anticonvulsants in youths with psychiatric illness is sparse. Side effects from lithium and anticonvulsants are typically mild to moderate. Data are accumulating in regard to the longer-term safety of lithium and DVPX in the juvenile psychiatric population. Although data in regard to the newer anticonvulsants are limited, they may have more desirable side-effect profiles. Conclusion: Double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of lithium and anticonvulsants are greatly needed as clinical use of these agents has risen without sufficient evidence supporting their efficacy in the pediatric population. © 2006 President and Fellows of Harvard College. ER  - 
Pegylated interferon-α for the treatment of sexually transmitted acute hepatitis C in HIV-infected individuals$$$ Background: Sexually transmitted acute hepatitis C among HIV-positive homosexual men has been noted as an emerging epidemic. Methods: Forty-seven patients with mainly sexually acquired, acute hepatitis C were enrolled in this prospective, multicentre trial, and 36 of these patients were treated within the acute phase of hepatitis C infection with pegylated interferon (peg-IFN) therapy. Results: Early treatment resulted in sustained virological response in 61% of patients. Peg-IFN alone showed similar treatment response rates and lower incidence of anaemia compared with peg-IFN+ribavirin combination therapy. Higher treatment response rates were observed in patients treated over 48 weeks compared with 24 weeks. Conclusions: Treatment of hepatitis C in HIV-positive individuals in the acute phase of infection leads to high rates of sustained virological response. Optimal time and mode of therapy have yet to be defined. © 2006 International Medical Press. ER  - 
Psychotropic effects of antiepileptic drugs$$$ BACKGROUND: Mood disorder symptoms are common in patients with epilepsy. Since antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) can affect these symptoms, knowledge of the psychotropic properties of AEDs is crucial. We review most studies of the psychotropic effects of AEDs that have involved potential psychiatric applications and have been reported in the psychiatric literature. METHODS: We conducted a comprehensive literature search to identify relevant clinical trial reports on the efficacy of AEDs for mood disorders. RESULTS: There have been few randomized controlled trials studying AED psychotropic properties in patients with epilepsy, but some randomized controlled trials of potential psychiatric indications for AEDs have been published. Data from these studies suggest that specific AEDs have mood stabilizing, anxiolytic, and antidepressant properties, while others may elicit depression, agitation, or psychosis. CONCLUSION: Antiepileptic drug selection should consider potential effects on mood and behavior. ©2006AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Transcranial magnetic stimulation: the method and application.$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation is a noninvasive method for stimulation of brain that is based on the ability of magnetic field to penetrate skull and brain meninges, subsequently inducing electric current in the brain tissues that produces neuronal depolarization and generation of action potentials. Moreover, transcranial magnetic stimulation has effects on neurochemical and synaptic processes in neurons. Due to its easy use and relatively fair side effects, nowadays, transcranial magnetic stimulation is widely used in neurosciences and medicine. The main areas of transcranial magnetic stimulation application are: 1) the investigation of cortical and spinal excitability, 2) the investigation of neuronal plasticity, 3) the investigation of neuronal connectivity, 4) functional mapping, and 5) the treatment of some neurological and psychiatric disorders. Transcranial magnetic stimulation alone or in combination with other noninvasive neuroimaging (PET--positron emission topography, MRI--magnetic resonance imaging) and neurofunctional (EEG--electroencephalography, ERP--event-related potentials, fMRI--functional magnetic resonance imaging) methods allows conducting research on brain functions. Thus, transcranial magnetic stimulation is suitable as a diagnostic tool in neurologic and neuropsychiatric brain research. ER  - 
A review of new fluoroquinolones: Focus on their use in respiratory tract infections$$$ The new respiratory fluoroquinolones (gatifloxacin, gemifloxacin, levofloxacin, moxifloxacin, and on the horizon, garenoxacin) offer many improved qualities over older agents such as ciprofloxacin. These include retaining excellent activity against Gram-negative bacilli, with improved Gram-positive activity (including Streptococcus pneumoniae and Staphylococcus aureus). In addition, gatifloxacin, moxifloxacin and garenoxacin all demonstrate increased anaerobic activity (including activity against Bacteroides fragilis). The new fluoroquinolones possess greater bioavailability and longer serum half-lives compared with ciprofloxacin. The new fluoroquinolones allow for once-daily administration, which may improve patient adherence. The high bioavailability allows for rapid step down from intravenous administration to oral therapy, minimizing unnecessary hospitalization, which may decrease costs and improve quality of life of patients. Clinical trials involving the treatment of community-acquired respiratory infections (acute exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, acute sinusitis, and community-acquired pneumonia) demonstrate high bacterial eradication rates and clinical cure rates. In the treatment of community-acquired respiratory tract infections, the various new fluoroquinolones appear to be comparable to each other, but may be more effective than macrolide or cephalosporin-based regimens. However, additional data are required before it can be emphatically stated that the new fluoroquinolones as a class are responsible for better outcomes than comparators in community-acquired respiratory infections. Gemifloxacin (except for higher rates of hypersensitivity), levofloxacin, and moxifloxacin have relatively mild adverse effects that are more or less comparable to ciprofloxacin. In our opinion, gatifloxacin should not be used, due to glucose alterations which may be serious. Although all new fluoroquinolones react with metal ion-containing drugs (antacids), other drug interactions are relatively mild compared with ciprofloxacin. The new fluoroquinolones gatifloxacin, gemifloxacin, levofloxacin, and moxifloxacin have much to offer in terms of bacterial eradication, including activity against resistant respiratory pathogens such as penicillin-resistant, macrolide-resistant, and multidrug-resistant S. pneumoniae. However, ciprofloxacin-resistant organisms, including ciprofloxacin-resistant S. pneumoniae, are becoming more prevalent, thus prudent use must be exercised when prescribing these valuable agents. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of bipolar depression: An update$$$ Bipolar affective disorder is a virulent illness with high rates of recurrence, disability, social impairment, and suicide. Although the manic or hypomanic episodes define the disorder, the depressions are more numerous and less responsive to treatment. As the initial depressive episodes are commonly misdiagnosed, initiation of therapy with mood stabilizers is often delayed, increasing the likelihood of treatment-emergent affective switches on antidepressant monotherapy. The empirical basis for selecting treatments for people with bipolar depression is weak, and only the combination of olanzapine and fluoxetine has received US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval. Conventional mood stabilizers are preferred for first-line therapies, although atypical antipsychotics are increasingly used, and FDA approval of quetiapine is pending. Antidepressants - particularly selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and bupropionare indicated when mood stabilizers are ineffective and for "breakthrough" depressions. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Role of aripiprazole in treating mood disorders$$$ Atypical antipsychotics have been used to treat patients with schizophrenia for many years, but now there is increasing evidence of their utility in the treatment of mood disorders. In the past few years, several atypical agents have received regulatory approval for use in mania. The evidence shows that atypical antipsychotics are effective in the treatment of manic symptoms, either alone or in combination with traditional mood stabilizers, such as lithium and divalproex. Although emerging data indicate that atypical antipsychotics will be a promising addition to those therapies that are currently available for managing patients during the maintenance phase of bipolar illness, their potential in the long-term management of bipolar disorder remains to be fully explored. Aripiprazole is a recently released antipsychotic medication that differs from other atypical antipsychotic agents by its mode of action as a dopamine D2 partial agonist. It is administered orally and has a long half-life. Randomized studies have demonstrated the efficacy of aripiprazole compared with placebo in the treatment of acute relapse of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder, maintenance treatment of schizophrenia, treatment of acute mania, and prevention of manic relapse in patients who responded to the drug during a manic episode. Further studies are ongoing in bipolar and unipolar depression. Aripiprazole is generally well tolerated compared with other antipsychotic medications, although commonly reported side effects include extrapyramidal symptoms and motoric activation similar to akathisia. Further studies and postmarketing data will be helpful in providing additional information regarding the comparative safety, efficacy and tolerability of aripiprazole in the treatment of affective disorders. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Manifestation of adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder available treatment options$$$ For many years, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder was thought to affect only children and adolescents. The authors describe ADHD in adults and review the efficacy of the drugs prescribed for this population. ER  - 
Levetiracetam for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome: An open prospective trial$$$ Background: Different antiepileptics are used for alcohol withdrawal treatment, especially for the prevention of epileptic seizures. However, those antiepileptics have hepatic and central nervous side effects, limiting the use in patients with alcohol addiction. Levetiracetam represents a new and well tolerable anti-epileptic drug with good safety profile. We present data from an prospective open trial, investigating safety and tolerability of Levetiracetam in alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Method: 15 patients with alcohol addiction who developed a moderate or severe withdrawal syndrome were treated with Levetiracetam over 6 days in a fixed dose schedule up to 2000mg/ day. AES scale was used for description of severity of the alcohol withdrawal symptoms. Add-on medication with clonidine or diazepam was administered as needed. Results: All patients finished treatment successfully. Levetiracetam was able to reduce AWS-severity significantly during first three days of treatment. 8 patients (53%) were treated with levetiracetam as monotherapy, while 7 patients (47%) received diazepam (5-20mg/day) or clonidine (75-300μg/day) in a low dose manner. No severe complications such as seizures or deliria were observed. Mild to moderate side effects possibly associated to medication were sedation, insomnia or pruritus. Conclusion: These results suggest that levetiracetam might be a save and efficacious alternative for the treatment of AWS in patients with alcoholism. ER  - 
Patient-controlled analgesia in the management of postoperative pain$$$ Patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) is a delivery system with which patients self-administer predetermined doses of analgesic medication to relieve their pain. Since its introduction in the early 1980s, the daily management of postoperative pain has been extensively optimised. The use of PCA in hospitals has been increasing because of its proven advantages over conventional intramuscular injections. These include improved pain relief, greater patient satisfaction, less sedation and fewer postoperative complications. All PCA modes contain the following variables: initial loading dose, demand dose, lockout interval, background infusion rate and 1-hour or 4-hour limits. Morphine is the most studied and most commonly used intravenous drug for PCA. In spite of the fact that it is the 'first choice' for PCA, other opioids have been successfully used for this option. The most observed adverse effects of opioid-based PCA are nausea and vomiting, pruritis, respiratory depression, sedation, confusion and urinary retention. Although intravenous PCA is the most studied route of PCA, alternative routes have extensively been described in the literature. PCA by means of peridural catheters and peripheral nerve catheters are the most studied. Recently, transdermal PCA has been described. The use of peripheral or neuraxial nerve blocks is recommended to avoid the so called opioid tolerance observed with the intravenous administration of opioids. Numerous studies have shown the superiority of epidural PCA to intravenous PCA. The beneficial postoperative effects of epidural analgesia are more apparent for high-risk patients or those undergoing higher risk procedures. PCA with peripheral nerve catheters results in increased postoperative analgesia and satisfaction for surgery on upper and lower extremities. Serious complications occur rarely with these catheters. With the introduction of an Acute Pain Service, management of postoperative pain can be improved. This will also help to minimise adverse effects related to PCA and to avoid lethal mishaps. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
An overview of the diagnosis and treatment of erectile dysfunction$$$ Epidemiological studies have demonstrated an age-stratified increase in the incidence and prevalence of erectile dysfunction (ED). There is a greater degree of openness today when discussing sexual matters and more information on the treatment of ED is available to the public through the media. Quality-of-life issues are now a matter of great importance to the aging population. Men and their partners are no longer prepared to merely accept ED as a natural consequence of aging. The advent of a simple and effective oral therapy for ED has also indirectly fuelled the increase in treatment-seeking behaviour among men. Despite great strides in research into ED, our knowledge and understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms is still in its infancy. As a result, we are able to treat only the symptom of ED rather than prevent it. Common diseases found in the population, such as diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease appear to be risk factors for the development of ED. Therefore, physicians need to identify any underlying co-existing organic diseases in their patients presenting with ED. Whenever possible, patients are encouraged to attend their consultation sessions with their partners because ED is a condition affecting 'the couple' and not just the man. Psychogenic aspects of ED should also be explored during the consultation. Efforts need to be made to uncover and address the presence of any psychological stressors, if necessary with the help of a psychosexual therapist. The first-line treatment of ED is oral phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors. For those who do not respond to oral therapy, there is no defined 'step-ladder' escalation in alternative therapy. It is up to the physician to discuss the options with the patient or couple and reach a decision based on their preference. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A clinic and a paraclinic study of Tunisian population of children with autism. About 63 cases$$$ Autistic disorder is a pervasive developmental disorder which starts before the age of 3. The clinic features of autism are variable; the autonomy degree, the speech quality, the mental retardation associated and specially the existence of an organic disease change its clinic expression. A good knowledge of the basic signs is important to put diagnosis. This work, propose to describe a clinic and a Para clinic profile of Tunisian population of children with autism. The study included 63 children referred to the child psychiatry department between January 1998 and September 2003 and diagnosed with autistic disorder according to DSMIV and ADI-R criteria. The population profile studied is drawn as following: The sex ratio was of 3/1, the average age was of 8 years ± 3 years. Parents were related in 39.3% of cases. On the clinical plan, 51.2% of children with autism studied did not have expressive speech. They presented a mental retardation associated in 60.8% of cases. Epilepsy was presented in 21 children out of 63. This profile links literature study except in 2 points: - The rate of relatives with autism (8.6%) is superior to the rate found in literature (3%). This result can be explained by the high rate of consanguinity in the Tunisian studied population (39.3%). - Importance of associated organic pathologies (mental retardation). ER  - 
Treatments for late-life bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Bipolar affective disorder is not uncommon in the elderly; prevalence rates in the United States range from 0.1% to 0.4%. However, it accounts for 10% to 25% of all geriatric patients with mood disorders and 5% of patients admitted to geropsychiatric inpatient units. These patients often present a tremendous treatment challenge to clinicians. They frequently have differing treatment needs compared with their younger counterparts because of substantial medical comorbidity and age-related variations in response to therapy. Unfortunately, the management of geriatric bipolar disorder has been relatively neglected compared with the younger population. There continues to be a scarcity of published, controlled trials in the elderly, and no treatment algorithms specific to bipolar disorder in the elderly have been devised. Objective: The goal of this article was to review the current literature on both the pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic management of late-life bipolar disorder. Methods: English-language articles written on the treatment of bipolar disorder in the elderly were identified. The first step in data collection involved a search for evidence-based clinical practice guidelines in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (up until the third quarter of 2006). Systematic reviews were then located in the following databases: MEDLINE (1966-September 2006), EMBASE (1980-2006 [week 36]), and PsycINFO (1967-September 2006 [week 1]). Additional use was made of these 3 databases in searching for single randomized controlled trials, meta-analyses, cohort studies, case-control studies, case series, and case reports. "Elderly," used synonymously with "geriatric," was defined as individuals aged ≥60 years. However, to take into account ambiguity in the nomenclature, the key words aged, geriatric, elderly, and older were combined with words indicating pharmacologic treatments such as pharmacotherapy; classes of medications (eg, lithium, antidepressants, antipsychotics, anticonvulsants, benzodiazepines); and names of selected individual medications (eg, lithium, valproic acid, lamotrigine, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, topiramate, gabapentin, zonisamide, clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone, aripiprazole). These terms were then combined with the diagnostic terms bipolar disorder, mania, hypomania, depression, or bipolar depression. Finally, the terms ECT and psychotherapy were also queried in combination with indicators for age and diagnosis. A few articles on "older adults," usually defined as individuals aged 50 to 55 years, were also included. They may allow for possible extrapolation of data to the geriatric population. Additionally, several mixed-age studies were included for similar considerations. Case reports and case series were described for their potential heuristic value. Results: Unfortunately, there is a considerable dearth of literature involving evidence-based clinical practice guidelines and even randomized controlled trials in elderly individuals with bipolar disorder. Available options for the treatment of bipolar disorder (including those for mania, hypomania, depression, or maintenance) in the elderly include lithium, antiepileptics, antipsychotics, benzodiazepines, antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and psychotherapy. Conclusions: The data for the treatment of late-life bipolar disorder are limited, but the available evidence shows efficacy for some commonly used treatments. Lithium, divalproex sodium, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, atypical antipsychotics, and antidepressants have all been found to be beneficial in the treatment of elderly patients with bipolar disorder. Although there are no specific guidelines for the treatment of these patients, monotherapy followed by combination therapy of the various classes of drugs may help with the resolution of symptoms. ECT and psychotherapy may be useful in the treatment of refractory disease. There is a need for more controlled studies in this age group before definitive treatment strategies can be enumerated. © 2006 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation in severe, treatment-resistent depression$$$ Since a few years, attempts are taken at the application of vagus nerve stimulation in the treatment of severe depression. It appears that the vagus nerve exerts a direct influence on areas of the brain associated with the regulation of mood and increases the level of biogenic amines. What is more, studies have confirmed an increased activity of fronto-orbital and prefrontal cortex, hypothalamus, cingulum and an increased concentration of serotonin and noradrenalin in the CNS and in the cerebro-spinal fluid. Preliminary clinical trials have confirmed the efficacy, good tolerance and safety of this treatment modality, although some objections have been raised whether these promising results were not partly due to the placebo effect. Therefore new, multicenter clinical studies have been designed, enabling an unbiased evaluation of usefulness of this method in the treatment of depression. ER  - 
A systematic review of psychosurgical treatments for obsessive-compulsive disorder: Does deep brain stimulation represent the future trend in psychosurgery?$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a relatively frequent anxiety disorder with an estimated lifetime prevalence of 2-3% in the general population. It is generally characterized by a chronic course leading to profound impairment in psychosocial functioning and quality of life. Although its pathophysiology is not completely understood, there is considerable evidence for the role of overactivity in the frontal-subcortical loops originating in the orbitofrontal cortex and the anterior cingulate cortex, respectively. By acting preferentially through the blockage of serotonin reuptake, antidepressants, in addition to psychological treatments, have significantly improved the poor prognosis of the illness. However, these conventional therapeutic strategies fail to sufficiently alleviate obsessive-compulsive symptoms in approximately 25-30% of cases. Several surgical strategies have been successfully investigated for treating resistant forms of OCD, including anterior capsulotomy, anterior cingulotomy, subcaudate tractotomy and limbic leucotomy. They interrupt the orbitofrontal and anterior cingulate loops at either the cortical or subcortical level, which have been found to be disrupted in OCD. Although these lesional techniques have a relatively low incidence of serious complications or undesirable effects, the non-ablative surgical procedure known as deep brain stimulation (DBS), which offers the advantages of reversibility and adjustability, has recently been introduced in the treatment of medically intractable OCD, by primarily targeting the limb part of the internal capsule, the subthalamic nucleus or the ventral striatum. DBS appears to be highly promising providing that its benefit is investigated with all due caution and is confirmed by further research in this area. © 2006 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l. ER  - 
Priorities in the discovery of the implications of water channels in epilepsy and duchenne muscular dystrophy$$$ Folate and vitamin B12 are essential cofactors for the methionine/ homocysteine cycle in the brain. These vitamins mediate the remethylation of homocysteine (HCY), which affects the production of the universal methyl donor, S-adenosylmethionine (SAM), in the brain among other organs. Acquired or inherited disorders in these metabolic pathways are associated with brain abnormalities and severe neurological symptoms that are mostly irreversible, even after providing the missing cofactors. This review discusses the relationship between brain and blood levels of key vitamins and metabolites related to one carbon metabolism. Copyright © 2006 C.M.B. Edition. ER  - 
Cyclosporin versus tacrolimus for liver transplanted patients$$$ Background: Most liver transplant recipients receive either cyclosporin or tacrolimus to prevent rejection. Both drugs inhibit calcineurin phosphatase which is thought to be the mechanism of their anti-rejection effect and principle toxicities. The drugs have different pharmacokinetic profiles and potencies. Several randomised clinical trials have compared cyclosporin and tacrolimus in liver transplant recipients, but it remains unclear which is superior. Objectives: To evaluate the beneficial and harmful effects of immunosuppression with cyclosporin versus tacrolimus for liver transplanted patients. Search strategy: The Cochrane Hepato-Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials in The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Science Citation Index Expanded, and conference proceedings were searched (August 2005) to identify relevant randomised clinical trials. Our search included scanning of reference lists in relevant articles and correspondence with investigators and pharmaceutical companies. Selection criteria: All randomised clinical trials where tacrolimus was compared with cyclosporin for the initial treatment of first-time liver transplant recipients. We included randomised trials irrespective of blinding, language, and publication status. Data collection and analysis: The primary outcome measure was all-cause mortality. Data were synthesised (fixed-effect model) and results expressed as relative risk (RR), values less than 1.0 favouring tacrolimus, with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Two authors assessed trials for eligibility, quality, and extracted data independently. Main results: We included 16 randomised trials. The number of deaths was 254 in the tacrolimus group (1899 patients) and 302 in the cyclosporin group (1914 patients). At one year, mortality (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.73 to 0.99) and graft loss (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.61 to 0.86) were significantly reduced in tacrolimus-treated recipients. Tacrolimus reduced the number of recipients with acute rejection (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.75 to 0.88), and steroid-resistant rejection (RR 0.54, 95%CI 0.47 to 0.74) in the first year. Differences were not seen with respect to lymphoproliferative disorder or de-novo dialysis rates, but more de-novo insulin-requiring diabetes mellitus (RR 1.38, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.86) occurred in the tacrolimus group. More patients were withdrawn from cyclosporin therapy than from tacrolimus (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.66). Authors' conclusions: Tacrolimus is superior to cyclosporin in improving survival (patient and graft) and preventing acute rejection after liver transplantation, but it increases the risk of post-transplant diabetes. Treating 100 recipients with tacrolimus instead of cyclosporin would avoid acute rejection and steroid-resistant rejection in nine and seven patients, respectively, and graft loss and death in five and two patients, respectively, but four additional patients would develop diabetes after liver transplantation. Copyright © 2006 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
A phase I study of OncoVEXGM-CSF, a second-generation oncolytic herpes simplex virus expressing granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor$$$ Purpose: To conduct a phase I clinical trial with a second-generation oncolytic herpes simplex virus (HSV) expressing granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (Onco VEXGM-CSF) to determine the safety profile of the virus, look for evidence of biological activity, and identify a dosing schedule for later studies. Experimental Design: The virus was administered by intratumoral injection in patients with cutaneous or s.c. deposits of breast, head and neck and gastrointestinal cancers, and malignant melanoma who had failed prior therapy. Thirteen patients were in a single-dose group, where doses of 106, 107, and 108 plaque-forming units (pfu)/mL were tested, and 17 patients were in a multidose group testing a number of dose regimens. Results: The virus was generally well tolerated with local inflammation, erythema, and febrile responses being the main side effects. The local reaction to injection was dose limiting in HSV-seronegative patients at 107 pfu/mL. The multidosing phase thus tested seroconverting HSV-seronegative patients with 106 pfu/mL followed by multiple higher doses (up to 108 pfu/mL), which was well tolerated by all patients. Biological activity (virus replication, local reactions, granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor expression, and HSV antigen-associated tumor necrosis), was observed. The duration of local reactions and virus replication suggested that dosing every 2 to 3 weeks was appropriate. Nineteen of 26 patient posttreatment biopsies contained residual tumor of which 14 showed tumor necrosis, which in some cases was extensive, or apoptosis. In all cases, areas of necrosis also strongly stained for HSV. The overall responses to treatment were that three patients had stable disease, six patients had tumors flattened (injected and/or uninjected lesions), and four patients showed inflammation of uninjected as well as the injected tumor, which, in nearly all cases, became inflamed. Conclusions: Onco VEXGM-CSF is well tolerated and can be safely administered using the multidosing protocol described. Evidence of an antitumor effect was seen. © 2006 American Association for Cancer Research. ER  - 
Varenicline: A review of its use as an aid to smoking cessation therapy$$$ Varenicline is an orally administered α4β2 nicotinic acetylcholine (ACh) receptor partial agonist. It has been approved by the US FDA (Chantix™) and the European Commission (Champix®) for use as an aid to smoking cessation therapy. Varenicline is an effective and generally well tolerated treatment for use in smokers who want to quit. In two well designed, phase III trials, 12 weeks' treatment with varenicline was associated with significantly higher continuous abstinence rates at weeks 9-12 than placebo or bupropion sustained-release (SR). In the longer term, continuous abstinence rates for weeks 9 through 52 demonstrated that the odds of remaining abstinent were 2.7 to 3.1 times higher with 12 weeks of varenicline treatment than with placebo; the significant difference between varenicline and bupropion SR was also maintained in the longer term in one trial. Moreover, varenicline appeared to attenuate the urge to smoke, negative affect withdrawal symptoms and the reinforcing effects of smoking. Among those achieving abstinence, an additional 12 weeks of varenicline therapy helped increase the likelihood of long-term abstinence. Thus, varenicline is a valuable new agent for use as an aid to smoking cessation treatment. Pharmacological Properties: Varenicline has high affinity for α4β2 nicotinic ACh receptors. It demonstrated partial agonist activity, while also antagonising the nicotine response, in both in vitro and in vivo studies. Varenicline is almost completely absorbed following oral administration, with high systemic availability. Steady state was reached within 4 days following repeat administration of the drug. Varenicline undergoes minimal metabolism and is primarily excreted renally as unchanged drug, with an elimination half-life of approximately 24 hours. The area under the plasma concentration-time curve for varenicline is increased in patients with moderate or severe renal impairment or end-stage renal disease. Therapeutic Efficacy: The efficacy of 12 weeks' therapy with oral varenicline 1mg twice daily as an aid to smoking cessation was compared with that of bupropion SR 150mg twice daily and placebo in two randomised, double-blind, multicentre, phase III trials. The carbon monoxide (CO)-confirmed continuous abstinence rates during weeks 9-12 (primary endpoint) and weeks 9-24 were significantly higher in varenicline recipients than in bupropion SR or placebo recipients in both trials. In the longer-term, CO-confirmed continuous abstinence rates for weeks 9 through 52 demonstrated that the odds of remaining abstinent were 2.7 to 3.1 times higher with 12 weeks of varenicline treatment than with placebo. A significant difference favouring varenicline over bupropion SR was seen at this timepoint in one trial, but not in the other trial. Varenicline ameliorated the urge to smoke and the reinforcing effects of smoking to a significantly greater extent than placebo, although its effect on withdrawal symptoms was less consistent. However, in both trials, varenicline reduced negative affect withdrawal symptoms to a significantly greater extent than placebo. In a phase III maintenance of abstinence trial, smokers received open-label varenicline 1mg twice daily for 12 weeks; abstinent participants were then randomised in a double-blind fashion to receive varenicline 1mg twice daily or placebo for an additional 12 weeks. An additional 12 weeks of varenicline was significantly more effective than placebo in maintaining abstinence. The CO-confirmed continuous abstinence rate was significantly higher in varenicline than in placebo recipients for weeks 13-24 (primary endpoint) and weeks 13-52. Tolerability: Twelve weeks' therapy with varenicline 1mg twice daily was generally well tolerated in the two phase III trials comparing varenicline with bupropion SR and placebo. The most commonly reported adverse events (occurring in more varenicline than placebo recipients) included nausea and abnormal dreams. Among participants who achieved abstinence, mean bodyweight gain between baseline and week 12 (across studies) was 2.37-2.89kg in varenicline recipients, 1.88-2.12kg in bupropion SR recipients and 2.92-3.15kg in placebo recipients. Discontinuation of treatment because of adverse events occurred in 8.6-10.5%, 12.6-15.2% and 7.3-9.0% of participants in the corresponding treatment groups. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Aetiology and outcome of burns in the elderly$$$ Introduction: This retrospective study, analyses aetiology and factors affecting the outcome of burns in patients over 65 years of age. Methods: Sixty-three consecutive patients, over 65 years of age, were admitted to a Burns Unit over a period of 3 years. Retrospective data was analyzed, taking into account aetiology, burn thickness and area, co-morbid factors. Also, surgery as a factor-affecting outcome was examined. Results: There was a significant difference of total body surface area burn (TBSA), Abbreviated Burn Severity Index (ABSI), Baux score and the number of pre-existing co-morbid factors between survivors and non-survivors. Age and surgery were not significant to the outcome. Patients undergoing surgery had increased hospital stay without any difference in mortality. The timing of surgery did not have any impact on hospital stay or survival. Conclusion: This study shows a positive correlation between the number of co-morbid conditions and mortality. Early surgery after careful patient selection does not have any negative impact on patient survival. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd and ISBI. ER  - 
Oxygen therapy in stroke: Past, present, and future$$$ Oxygen is frequently administered to patients with suspected stroke. However, the role of oxygen therapy in ischemic stroke remains controversial in light of the failure of three clinical trials of hyperbaric oxygen therapy to show efficacy, and the fear of exacerbating oxygen free radical injury. The previous trials had several shortcomings, perhaps because they were designed on basis of anecdotal case reports and little preclinical data. Most animal studies concerning oxygen therapy in stroke have been conducted over the last 6 years. Emerging data suggests that hyperbaric and even normobaric oxygen therapy can be effective if used appropriately, and raises the tantalizing possibility that hyperoxia can be used to extend the narrow therapeutic time window for stroke thrombolysis. This article reviews the history, rationale, mechanisms of action and adverse effects of hyperoxia, the key results of previous hyperoxia studies, and the potential role of oxygen therapy in contemporary stroke treatment. © 2006 International Journal of Stroke. ER  - 
Vitamin B12, folic acid, and the nervous system$$$ There are many reasons for reviewing the neurology of vitamin-B12 and folic-acid deficiencies together, including the intimate relation between the metabolism of the two vitamins, their morphologically indistinguishable megaloblastic anaemias, and their overlapping neuropsychiatric syndromes and neuropathology, including their related inborn errors of metabolism. Folates and vitamin B12 have fundamental roles in CNS function at all ages, especially the methionine-synthase mediated conversion of homocysteine to methionine, which is essential for nucleotide synthesis and genomic and non-genomic methylation. Folic acid and vitamin B12 may have roles in the prevention of disorders of CNS development, mood disorders, and dementias, including Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia in elderly people. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
EFNS guidelines on pharmacological treatment of neuropathic pain$$$ Neuropathic pain treatment remains unsatisfactory despite a substantial increase in the number of trials. This EFNS Task Force aimed at evaluating the existing evidence about the pharmacological treatment of neuropathic pain. Studies were identified using first the Cochrane Database then Medline. Trials were classified according to the aetiological condition. All class I and II controlled trials (according to EFNS classification of evidence) were assessed, but lower-class studies were considered in conditions that had no top level studies. Only treatments feasible in an outpatient setting were evaluated. Effects on pain symptoms/signs, quality of life and comorbidities were particularly searched for. Most of the randomized controlled trials included patients with postherpetic neuralgia (PHN) and painful polyneuropathies (PPN) mainly caused by diabetes. These trials provide level A evidence for the efficacy of tricyclic antidepressants, gabapentin, pregabalin and opioids, with a large number of class I trials, followed by topical lidocaine (in PHN) and the newer antidepressants venlafaxine and duloxetine (in PPN). A small number of controlled trials were performed in central pain, trigeminal neuralgia, other peripheral neuropathic pain states and multiple-aetiology neuropathic pains. The main peripheral pain conditions respond similarly well to tricyclic antidepressants, gabapentin, and pregabalin, but some conditions, such as HIV-associated polyneuropathy, are more refractory. There are too few studies on central pain, combination therapy, and head-to-head comparison. For future trials, we recommend to assess quality of life and pain symptoms or signs with standardized tools. © 2006 EFNS. ER  - 
Neuropsychological and psychiatric impact of add-on titration of pregabalin versus levetiracetam: A comparative short-term study$$$ Cognitive and behavioral impairments are common in patients with epilepsy. Multiple factors may contribute to these difficulties; among them is antiepileptic drug (AED) treatment. We examined the short-term impact of two new add-on AEDs, pregabalin (PGB) and levetiracetam (LEV), on cognition and psychiatric states in 20 adult patients with medically refractory partial epilepsy, before and shortly after add-on titration. According to an open, prospective comparative trial, add-on PGB was titrated to 300 mg and add-on LEV to 1000 mg in 10 patients each. Patients were assessed before (T1) and 2 weeks after (T2) addition of the AED. During the trial, seizure frequency did not change significantly in either group. With PGB, patients manifested partly significant impairments in episodic memory of verbal and visual information. Psychiatric states were unchanged. With LEV treatment, we saw improvements in visual short-term memory performance and psychiatric states (i.e., interpersonal sensibility, depression, and anxiety). The comparison between PGB and LEV revealed a trend toward higher anxiety scores and higher variability in hostility scores with PGB that was significantly different from the trend with LEV. No significant differences were apparent in all other neuropsychological and psychiatric parameters investigated. This short-term study suggests that add-on LEV has a favorable neuropsychological and psychiatric impact. The negative neuropsychological effects of PGB may reflect temporary effects under titration. Still, the results did not confirm the promising effects on psychiatric comorbidity that have been emphasized by other reports. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Drug treatment of depression in the 2000s: An overview of achievements in the last 10 years and future possibilities$$$ During the past 10 years our knowledge about the pharmacotherapy of depression has been consolidated, and a variety of very interesting new compounds launched onto the market. The pipeline of the pharmaceutical industry is still filled with an assortment of new developments and very promising new approaches towards the pharmacotherapy of depressive disorders. Future pharmacological treatments of depression will not only enhance serotonergic and noradrenergic neurotransmission: other systems, such as the melatonergic receptor system and the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis, are also the targets of newly developed and upcoming substances with putative antidepressant effects. The main advantages of the currently available newer pharmacotherapeutic options are the broadening of the spectrum of possible antidepressant treatments, which is of particular importance for the growing number of patients suffering from difficult-to-treat depression, and a far better tolerability profile in comparison to older compounds such as tricyclic antidepressants. Unresolved issues are the unacceptably high rate of non-responsiveness during antidepressant treatment, a latency of sometimes several weeks until clinical improvement and remission can be achieved, and a variety of possible side effects also present during treatment with modern compounds. This review mainly presents the development of antidepressant pharmacotherapies during the past 10 years, together with pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information and a comparison of different pharmacological treatment principles evaluated in randomized controlled clinical trials. In addition, new pharmacological strategies that are not yet available on the market and strategies currently under development are reviewed in detail. The study of new treatment options is of major importance to provide better strategies for the clinical management of depression in the future, and is thus also of great socio-economic importance. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of immediate-release methylphenidate treatment for preschoolers with ADHD$$$ OBJECTIVE: The Preschool ADHD Treatment Study (PATS) was a NIMH-funded, six-center, randomized, controlled trial to determine the efficacy and safety of immediate-release methylphenidate (MPH-IR), given t.i.d. to children ages 3 to 5.5 years with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). METHOD: The 8-phase, 70-week PATS protocol included two double-blind, controlled phases, a crossover-titration trial followed by a placebo-controlled parallel trial. The crossover-titration phase's primary efficacy measure was a combined score from the Swanson, Kotkin, Atkins, M-Flynn, and Pelham (SKAMP) plus the Conners, Loney, and Milich (CLAM) rating scales; the parallel phase's primary outcome measure was excellent response, based on composite scores on the Swanson, Nolan, and Pelham (SNAP) rating scale. RESULTS: Of 303 preschoolers enrolled, 165 were randomized into the titration trial. Compared with placebo, significant decreases in ADHD symptoms were found on MPH at 2.5 mg (p < .01), 5 mg (p < .001), and 7.5 mg (p < .001) t.i.d. doses, but not for 1.25 mg (p < .06). The mean optimal MPH total daily dose for the entire group was 14.2 ± 8.1 mg/day (0.7 ± 0.4 mg/kg/day). For the preschoolers (n = 114) later randomized into the parallel phase, only 21% on best-dose MPH and 13% on placebo achieved MTA-defined categorical criterion for remission set for school-age children with ADHD. CONCLUSIONS: MPH-IR, delivered in 2.5-, 5-, and 7.5-mg doses t.i.d., produced significant reductions on ADHD symptom scales in preschoolers compared to placebo, although effect sizes (0.4-0.8) were smaller than those cited for school-age children on the same medication. Copyright 2006 © American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of methylphenidate in preschool children with ADHD$$$ OBJECTIVE: To report on the safety and tolerability of methylphenidate (MPH) 3- to 5-year-old children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) during 1 year of treatment. METHOD: Exactly 183 children (3-5 years old) entered a treatment study of MPH, consisting of a 1-week open-label lead-in (n = 183); a 5-week placebo-controlled, double-blind phase (n = 165); a 5-week double-blind, parallel phase (n = 114); and 10 months of open-label maintenance (n = 140 entered, 95 completed). Mean total daily MPH doses rose from the titration trial best dose, 14.1 (±8.1) mg/day, to 20.5 (±9.7) mg/day mean total daily dose at the end of maintenance. Pulse, blood pressure, and the presence of treatment emergent adverse events (AEs), parent and teacher AE ratings, and vital signs were recorded in each phase. RESULTS: Thirty percent of parents spontaneously reported moderate to severe AEs in all study phases after baseline. These included emotional outbursts, difficulty falling asleep, repetitive behaviors/thoughts, appetite decrease, and irritability. During titration, decreased appetite (χ = 5.4, p < .03), trouble sleeping (χ = 5.4, p < .03), and weight loss (χ = 4.0, p < .05) occurred statistically more often on MPH than on placebo. During maintenance, trouble sleeping and appetite loss persisted and other MPH-related AEs decreased. There were transient, one-time pulse and blood pressure elevations in five children. Twenty-one children (11%) discontinued because of drug-attributed AEs. CONCLUSIONS: Eleven percent of preschoolers discontinued treatment because of intolerable MPH AEs. Of the serious AEs reported, one occurred in baseline, two in lead-in, three in titration, one in parallel, and one in maintenance. Only one was possibly related to MPH. Copyright 2006 © American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. ER  - 
Effects of antiepileptic drugs on mood and behavior$$$ Psychiatric disorders in epilepsy have a multifactorial etiology, pharmacotherapy being only one of many risk factors, which can be both biological and psychosocial. Two important mechanisms of drug-induced psychiatric changes are seizure control/forced normalization in psychosis and GABA-ergic effects in depression. Among the psychiatric adverse events of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), behavioral problems are the most commonly reported, followed by affective disorders. Psychosis is a relatively rare, although severe, complication. Psychotropic effects of AEDs warrant further research because many relevant parameters related to pathological mechanisms, frequency, psychopathology, and prognosis are not well understood. Behavioral side-effect profiles of AEDs, both negative and positive psychotropic effects, should be considered in the choice of the optimal drug for an individual patient. © 2006 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
The spectrum from BCECTS to LKS: The rolandic EEG trait - Impact on cognition$$$ The laboratory hallmark of BCECTS is the rolandic discharge (RD) in the EEG of patients, occurring in a characteristic topographical, vigilance-related, event-related, and age-related pattern, disappearing during puberty. RDs are present in 2% of healthy children. About 8% of children with RDs have epilepsy. An increased prevalence rate of RDs is found in children with cognitive and behavioral disorders, with headaches and some genetic syndromes. In some patients, the cognitive disorders are transient but in others they are progressive, resulting in stable mental retardation after puberty. A recent study of 36 BCECTS patients addressed the following questions. (1) the possible relationship between the severity of RDs and the neuropsychological deficits; (2) the profile of neuropsychological deficits; (3) changes of cognition related to EEG changes; and (4) effects of therapy. No correlation was found between global IQ and the severity of the RDs. All the children had at least one specific learning disorder (sometimes long-lasting). When the children were treated, a correlation between cognitive and EEG improvement could not be demonstrated. Recently, 21 patients without epilepsy but with attention deficit and hyperactivity and/or learning disorders were studied: an open treatment trial with sulthiame resulted in improved sustained and selective attention. The neurobiology of RDs and their relationship to cognitive dysfunction and epilepsy requires further study. © 2006 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
New treatments for tic disorders$$$ Tics vary in severity from infrequent and barely noticeable to nearly continuous and highly disruptive. Treatment of tic disorders depends on the severity of the tics, the distress they cause, and the effects they have on school, work, or daily activities. Many tics do not interfere with school or everyday life and do not require specific treatment. Comorbid disorders such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, anxiety, and obsessive-compulsive disorder occur in more than 50% of patients. The associated comorbidity can be more bothersome than the tics themselves. Treatment should be aimed at the most troubling symptom. Education and reassurance are often sufficient for mild and occasional tics. For tics of moderate severity, clonidine and guanfacine have a reasonable safety profile. They are considered as first-line medications. With clonidine, start with 0.05 mg at bedtime. Increase as needed and as tolerated by 0.05 mg every 4 to 7 days to a maximum dosage of 0.3 to 0.4 mg/day divided three or four times a day. With guanfacine, start with 0.5 mg at bedtime. The dosage may be increased as needed and as tolerated by 0.5 mg every week to a maximum dosage of 3 to 4 mg/day, divided twice a day. There are emerging data that behavioral therapy is effective for treatment of tics in some individuals. Dopamine receptor blockers are the most potent medications for treating severe tics. The efficacy appears to be proportionate to the affinity for dopamine D2 receptors. Thus, standard antipsychotic medications such as haloperidol, pimozide, or fluphenazine are the most potent. However, these medications commonly cause bothersome side effects. Therefore, we recommend use of atypical neuroleptics before standard neuroleptics in most patients. Risperidone is usually the first choice and may have efficacy for behavior problems that often accompany tics. Start with 0.01 mg/kg/dose once a day; dosage may be increased by 0.02 mg/kg/day at weekly intervals, up to 0.06 mg/kg/dose once a day. Ziprasidone and olanzapine are reasonable alternatives. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Pharmacological therapy for analgesia and sedation in the newborn$$$ Rapid advances have been made in the use of pharmacological analgesia and sedation for newborns requiring neonatal intensive care. Practical considerations for the use of systemic analgesics (opioids, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents, other drugs), local and topical anaesthetics, and sedative or anaesthetic agents (benzodiazepines, barbiturates, other drugs) are summarised using an evidence-based medicine approach, while avoiding mention of the underlying basic physiology or pharmacology. These developments have inspired more humane approaches to neonatal intensive care. Despite these advances, little is known about the clinical effectiveness, immediate toxicity, effects on special patient populations, or long-term effects after neonatal exposure to analgesics or sedatives. The desired or adverse effects of drug combinations, interactions with non-pharmacological interventions or use for specific conditions also remain unknown. Despite the huge gaps in our knowledge, preliminary evidence for the use of neonatal analgesia and sedation is available, but must be combined with a clear definition of clinical goals, continuous physiological monitoring, evaluation of side effects or tolerance, and consideration of long-term clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Novel antiretroviral agents in HIV therapy$$$ There are many promising new agents in development for the treatment of HIV type 1 (HIV-1). The targets of antiretroviral drugs include the three major HIV-1 enzymes (reverse transcriptase, protease, and integrase), final packaging and export of mature virions, and entry mediated by the CD4 receptor and the CCR5 and CXCR4 coreceptors. Drugs in development in existing classes are primarily designed to provide new options for those with resistance to existing agents. Novel agents such as those targeting integrase, entry inhibitors, and those targeting viral processing likely will be useful the treatment of antiretroviral-experienced patients. Depending on safety, efficacy, tolerability, and convenience of dosing, new agents may also alter the current treatment paradigms for first-line therapy. This review summarizes data on several drugs that could move forward into the clinic arena and affect the lives of those infected with HIV-1. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Therapeutic monitoring of valproate in psychiatry: How far have we progressed?$$$ Valproate (VPA) is a well-established anticonvulsant drug that has found increasing use as a psychotherapeutic agent. The drug is currently used in the management of bipolar, depressive, anxiety, and psychotic disorders; alcohol withdrawal and dependence; agitation associated with dementia; and borderline personality disorder. Despite such widespread use, studies focusing on the concentration-response relationship of VPA in psychiatry are limited. This article examines the rationale for therapeutic monitoring of VPA in psychiatric disorders and reviews reports of VPA concentrations measured during efficacy studies of this drug in psychiatry. Most studies have been open-labeled and uncontrolled, and have not placed the determination of a target concentration range as a primary objective. Furthermore, most studies have used the therapeutic range (50-100 mg/L) for seizure disorders to guide dosage in the psychiatric disorders, although study outcomes have suggested the need to redefine a threshold concentration in the different psychiatric conditions. With the increasing popularity of VPA as a psychotropic agent, it is clear that further investigation of the plasma concentration range associated with efficacy in psychiatric conditions is warranted. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Transcendental meditation: A double-edged sword in epilepsy?$$$ Transcendental Meditation (TM®) is derived from ancient yogic teachings. Both short- and long-term physiological correlates of TM® practice have been studied. EEG effects include increased alpha, theta, and gamma frequencies and increased coherence and synchrony. Neuronal hypersynchrony is also a cardinal feature of epilepsy, and subjective psychic symptoms, apnea, and myoclonic jerking are characteristic of both epileptic seizures and meditative states. Clinical vignettes have highlighted the potential risk of human kindling from repetitive meditation in persons practicing TM®, but clinical studies of similar techniques suggest that meditation may also be a potential antiepileptic therapy. Future clinical studies of meditating subjects using video/EEG monitoring are warranted to determine whether behavioral phenomena have an underlying epileptic basis, and prospective clinical trials of TM® in subjects with well-delineated epilepsy syndromes are necessary to establish the safety of this technique and its potential efficacy for seizure reduction and improvement of quality of life. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The sequenced treatment alternatives to relieve depression studies: How applicable are the results for older adults?$$$ Reports emerging from the Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression (STAR*D) study1-6 promise an enormous advance in the treatment of depression both in primary care and mental health settings. 7 The results would seem to apply, with minor reservations, to older adults with depressive disorders. A brief review of the study subjects, measures, methods, and outcomes follows to describe the strengths and limitations. ER  - 
Dupuytren's disease$$$ Baron Guillaume Dupuytren (Paris, France) was the first to operate on the contracture of the hand. Dupuytren's disease is a benign nodular fibromatosis of unknown cause; it leads to shortening of the skin-retaining ligaments (palmar fascia) and may progress to permanent debilitating contracture of the digits if untreated. Surgical release is the mainstay of treatment but the recurrence rate is high. This contribution reviews the demographics, possible origin of the disease and clinical problems associated with Dupuytren's disease; it offers advice on assessment and a strategy for treatment. © 2006. ER  - 
Lamotrigine and its applications in the treatment of epilepsy and other neurological and psychiatric disorders$$$ Lamotrigine is a broad-spectrum antiepileptic drug, initially approved in 1994 for the adjunctive treatment of partial seizures in adults and for the generalized seizures of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome in pediatric (>2 years old) and adult populations. Its role in the treatment of bipolar disorder type I has also been well established. In addition, lamotrigine has been successfully used for the management of other neurological conditions such as migraines and neuropathic pain, and preliminary data show promising results. It has favorable pharmacokinetic properties and is generally well tolerated. The small risk of serious skin rash can be minimized with slow titration of the drug and dose adjustment with concomitant medications. Lamotrigine has demonstrated particular benefit in the treatment of women and elderly patients with epilepsy. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Pregabalin for the treatment of painful neuropathy$$$ Pregabalin is an α2-δ ligand that binds to and modulates voltage-gated calcium channels, exerting its intended effect to reduce neuropathic pain. Pregabalin is the second of only two medications that are US FDA approved for the treatment of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy; it is also the third medication for the treatment of postherpetic neuralgia. Currently, there are three pivotal clinical studies documenting the efficacy and safety of pregabalin for the treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy, and three clinical studies regarding the use of pregabalin for pain associated with postherpetic neuralgia. This article will review each of these studies, as well as provide a clinical review for the use of pregabalin in the treatment of neuropathic pain. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Recent developments in smoking cessation$$$ Smoking cessation substantially reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease in the prevention of primary and secondary cardiovascular events. Current first-line therapies include nicotine replacement therapy and bupropion, that approximately double a smoker's chances of long-term success. Both therapies are safe in patients with cardiovascular disease. Novel treatments include rimonabant, nicotine vaccines and varenicline. To date, varenicline, an α4β2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor partial agonist has been approved for smoking cessation and has been shown to be efficacious and well tolerated in clinical studies conducted in healthy smokers. ER  - 
Combination therapy in epilepsy: When and what to use$$$ After being regarded as a last resort for over two decades, the role of combination therapy as a treatment strategy for epilepsy is undergoing reevaluation. This is a result of the growing appreciation that all seizures cannot be controlled by monotherapy in a substantial proportion of patients, and of the development of a range of modern antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), some of which are better tolerated and less prone to complex pharmacokinetic drug interactions than their older counterparts. Robust evidence to guide clinicians on when and how to combine AEDs is lacking, and current practice recommendations are largely empirical. Monotherapy should remain the treatment of choice for newly diagnosed epilepsy. A combination of two AEDs can be considered after failure, resulting from lack of efficacy, of one or two different monotherapy regimens. A few patients will become seizure-free with a combination of three AEDs, but treatment with a combination of four or more is unlikely to be successful. There is some evidence to support a pharmacomechanistic approach to AED combination. Care should be taken to avoid excessive drug load, which is associated with increased toxicity. Bigger and better randomised, controlled studies are needed to determine the optimal time and way to combine AEDs. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Children with schizophrenia: Clinical picture and pharmacological treatment$$$ Awareness of childhood-onset schizophrenia is rapidly increasing, with a more precise definition now available of the clinical picture and early signs, the outcome and the treatment strategies. Premorbid developmental impairments, including language, motor and social deficits, are more frequent and more pronounced in earlier- than in later-onset forms of schizophrenia. This 'pandysmaturation' is reported from the first months of life in more than half of the children who will develop childhood-onset schizophrenia, and it suggests a more severe and early disruption of brain development compared with the adolescent- and adult-onset disorder. The insidious onset in at least 75% of children, the high rates of premorbid problems and the hesitancy on the part of clinicians to make a diagnosis of schizophrenia in a child usually delay the recognition of the syndrome. Elementary auditory hallucinations are the most frequent positive symptom, while visual and tactile hallucinations are rarer. Delusions are less complex than in adolescents and are usually related to childhood themes. Negative symptoms are largely predominant, namely flat or inappropriate affect. A marked deterioration from the previous level of functioning is present in all these children, and an impaired outcome is reported in approximately 50-60% of them. The main diagnostic challenges are with differentiating childhood-onset schizophrenia from affective disorders (both depression and bipolar disorder) with psychotic symptoms, pervasive developmental disorders and severe personality disorders. Post-traumatic stress disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder without insight may also be misdiagnosed as schizophrenia. Furthermore, approximately 10% of children from the community report nonpsychotic hallucinations or delusions. Finally, children with atypical psychotic features that do not strictly fit diagnostic criteria for schizophrenia have been described, and new labels have been proposed to categorise these clinical patterns, such as multidimensionally impaired disorder and multiple complex developmental disorder. In the context of a multimodal approach, including behavioral, social, scholastic and familial interventions, a pharmacological treatment is usually the core treatment. Available experience from the few controlled studies, open studies and case reports on pharmacotherapy in children with schizophrenia aged <12 years is critically analysed in this review, with particular reference to the use of atypical antipsychotics in clinical practice. To date, the major evidence supports the efficacy of risperidone and olanzapine, while clozapine seems an effective option in treatment-refractory cases. Published experience with newer atypical antipsychotics (quetiapine, ziprasidone, aripiprazole) is still lacking in this age range. Safety data (namely extrapyramidal symptoms, weight gain, hyperprolactinaemia, haematological adverse effects, seizures, hepatotoxicity, metabolic effects, neuroleptic malignant syndrome and cardiovascular effects) are reviewed and discussed, along with strategies for management. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Opioids for managing chronic non-malignant pain: Safe and effective prescribing$$$ OBJECTIVE: To review the evidence on safe and effective prescribing of opioids for chronic non-malignant pain. QUALITY OF EVIDENCE: MEDLINE was searched using the terms "opioid effectiveness" and "adverse effects." There is strong evidence that opioids are effective for both nociceptive and neuropathic pain, but limited evidence that they are effective for pain disorder. There is little information on their effectiveness at high doses or on the adverse effects of high doses. MAIN MESSAGE: Opioids should be initiated after an adequate trial of acetaminophen or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for nociceptive pain and of tricyclic antidepressants or anticonvulsants for neuropathic pain. Patients should be asked to sign treatment agreements and to give informed consent to treatment. Patients should experience a graded analgesic response with each dose increase. Titrate doses of immediate-release opioids slowly upward until pain reduction is achieved, and then switch patients to controlled-release opioids. Most patients with chronic non-malignant pain can be managed with <300 mg/d of morphine (or equivalent). CONCLUSION: Opioids are safe and effective for managing chronic pain. ER  - 
Effectiveness of atypical antipsychotic drugs in patients with Alzheimer's disease$$$ BACKGROUND: Second-generation (atypical) antipsychotic drugs are widely used to treat psychosis, aggression, and agitation in patients with Alzheimer's disease, but their benefits are uncertain and concerns about safety have emerged. We assessed the effectiveness of atypical antipsychotic drugs in outpatients with Alzheimer's disease. METHODS: In this 42-site, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 421 outpatients with Alzheimer's disease and psychosis, aggression, or agitation were randomly assigned to receive olanzapine (mean dose, 5.5 mg per day), quetiapine (mean dose, 56.5 mg per day), risperidone (mean dose, 1.0 mg per day), or placebo. Doses were adjusted as needed, and patients were followed for up to 36 weeks. The main outcomes were the time from initial treatment to the discontinuation of treatment for any reason and the number of patients with at least minimal improvement on the Clinical Global Impression of Change (CGIC) scale at 12 weeks. RESULTS: There were no significant differences among treatments with regard to the time to the discontinuation of treatment for any reason: olanzapine (median, 8.1 weeks), quetiapine (median, 5.3 weeks), risperidone (median, 7.4 weeks), and placebo (median, 8.0 weeks) (P=0.52). The median time to the discontinuation of treatment due to a lack of efficacy favored olanzapine (22.1 weeks) and risperidone (26.7 weeks) as compared with quetiapine (9.1 weeks) and placebo (9.0 weeks) (P=0.002). The time to the discontinuation of treatment due to adverse events or intolerability favored placebo. Overall, 24% of patients who received olanzapine, 16% of patients who received quetiapine, 18% of patients who received risperidone, and 5% of patients who received placebo discontinued their assigned treatment owing to intolerability (P=0.009). No significant differences were noted among the groups with regard to improvement on the CGIC scale. Improvement was observed in 32% of patients assigned to olanzapine, 26% of patients assigned to quetiapine, 29% of patients assigned to risperidone, and 21% of patients assigned to placebo (P=0.22). CONCLUSIONS: Adverse effects offset advantages in the efficacy of atypical antipsychotic drugs for the treatment of psychosis, aggression, or agitation in patients with Alzheimer's disease. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00015548.) Copyright © 2006 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Management of focal-onset seizures: An update on drug treatment$$$ Focal-onset seizures are manifestations of abnormal epileptic firing of brain cells in a localised area or areas of the brain. The diagnosis of focal-onset seizures initially entails an EEG, a detailed history from the patient and eyewitnesses, as well as computer tomographic or, preferably, magnetic resonance imaging scans. Video EEG to record ictal events may be necessary to establish the correct diagnosis. Focal seizures are classified according to the International Classification of Epileptic Seizures and International Classification of Epilepsies and Epilepsy Syndromes. It is important to try to decide how the seizure event fits into this system in order to successfully evaluate and optimise treatment, as well as to give detailed information to the patient about their seizures and prognosis. Once the decision to treat the seizures has been made, the physician must choose which medication is the most appropriate to begin with. Carbamazepine, phenytoin or valproic acid (sodium valproate) are often rated as first-line drugs, but factors such as adverse-effect profiles, age, possibility of pregnancy, and concomitant diseases and medication also need to be considered. Most of the newer antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) appear to have good efficacy and better tolerability than the older agents, but evidence to support their superiority is scarce and has led to conflicting advice in several guidelines. Among the newer AEDs, lamotrigine, gabapentin, topiramate and oxcarbazepine have obtained monotherapy indication in many countries. The higher costs of the newer AEDs may inhibit their wider use, especially in poorer countries. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The endocannabinoid system as an emerging target of pharmacotherapy$$$ The recent identification of cannabinoid receptors and their endogenous lipid ligands has triggered an exponential growth of studies exploring the endocannabinoid system and its regulatory functions in health and disease. Such studies have been greatly facilitated by the introduction of selective cannabinoid receptor antagonists and inhibitors of endocannabinoid metabolism and transport, as well as mice deficient in cannabinoid receptors or the endocannabinoid-degrading enzyme fatty acid amidohydrolase. In the past decade, the endocannabinoid system has been implicated in a growing number of physiological functions, both in the central and peripheral nervous systems and in peripheral organs. More importantly, modulating the activity of the endocannabinoid system turned out to hold therapeutic promise in a wide range of disparate diseases and pathological conditions, ranging from mood and anxiety disorders, movement disorders such as Parkinson's and Huntington's disease, neuropathic pain, multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury, to cancer, atherosclerosis, myocardial infarction, stroke, hypertension, glaucoma, obesity/metabolic syndrome, and osteoporosis, to name just a few. An impediment to the development of cannabinoid medications has been the socially unacceptable psychoactive properties of plant-derived or synthetic agonists, mediated by CB1 receptors. However, this problem does not arise when the therapeutic aim is achieved by treatment with a CB1 receptor antagonist, such as in obesity, and may also be absent when the action of endocannabinoids is enhanced indirectly through blocking their metabolism or transport. The use of selective CB2 receptor agonists, which lack psychoactive properties, could represent another promising avenue for certain conditions. The abuse potential of plant-derived cannabinoids may also be limited through the use of preparations with controlled composition and the careful selection of dose and route of administration. The growing number of preclinical studies and clinical trials with compounds that modulate the endocannabinoid system will probably result in novel therapeutic approaches in a number of diseases for which current treatments do not fully address the patients' need. Here, we provide a comprehensive overview on the current state of knowledge of the endocannabinoid system as a target of pharmacotherapy. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive Therapy and Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: Can They be Considered Valid Modalities in the Treatment of Pediatric Mood Disorders?$$$ Depression in children and adolescents is a severe and debilitating disorder. It can be life endangering, but even when not, it has a grave impact on the quality of life of youngsters and their families and interferes with normal growth and development. In recent years, the field of child psychiatry has become more aware of the limited applicability of data from the adult literature to children and adolescents and the limited resources that child psychiatrists have in treating depression. In our opinion, this awareness substantiates the need to define the place of ECT and TMS in the treatment of pediatric depression. As portrayed in this article, there is a considerable knowledge about ECT in adolescents (although much less in children). Side effects do exist and should be studied more thoroughly. Our data support the notion that ECT is an effective therapy for severe and resistant depression, with relatively minimal adverse effects. The place of ECT in pediatric bipolar disorder is not well established. From the hundreds of cases published in many countries throughout the globe, no evidence substantiates the fear of significant damage to the developing brain. Current evidence suggests that ECT-related memory impairment is transient, with no adverse consequences to future cognitive functioning. These contentions are only preliminary, however, because there is a paucity of systematic research of post-ECT cognitive functioning. TMS is a more novel treatment modality. Despite the lack of well-designed RCTs in depressed minors, TMS has been performed in children and adolescents for other indications with favorable results and minimal adverse effects. Our literature review suggests that TMS has been administered to prepubertal children to a considerably greater extent than ECT, perhaps building itself as a valid therapeutic procedure for this age group. TMS is apparently less effective than ECT, so its place in the treatment of severe, persistent, and psychotic depression or life-endangering conditions (eg, catatonia and severe suicidality) is questionable. On the other hand, it seems likely that because of its high safety profile and acceptability by patients, TMS will be considered an earlier therapeutic option for the treatment of child and adolescent depression. Future research calls for the establishment of multi-site, multinational RCTs to establish the place of ECT and TMS in the treatment logarithm of child and adolescent mood disorders. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Guidelines for the management of spontaneous preterm labor$$$ Preterm birth is defined as delivery at <37 completed weeks of pregnancy (World Health Organization). Spontaneous preterm birth (SPB) includes preterm labor, preterm spontaneous rupture of membranes, preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM) and cervical weakness; it does not include indicated preterm delivery for maternal or fetal conditions. Early SPB (<32 weeks' gestation) is associated with an increased higher perinatal mortality rate, inversely proportional to gestational age. The pathophysiologic events that trigger SPB are largely unknown but include decidual hemorrhage (abruption), mechanical factors (uterine overdistention or cervical incompetence), and hormonal changes (perhaps mediated by fetal or maternal stress). In addition, several cervicovaginal infections have been associated with preterm labor. SPB is also the leading cause of long-term morbidity, including neurodevelopmental handicap, cerebral palsy, seizure disorders, blindness, deafness and non-neurological disorders, such as bronchopulmonary dysplasia and retinopathy of prematurity. Delaying delivery may reduce the rate of long-term morbidity by facilitating the maturation of developing organs and systems. The benefits of administration of antepartum glucocorticosteroids to reduce the incidence and severity of respiratory distress syndrome may be exploited by delay. Delay may also permit transfer of the fetus in utero to a center with neonatal intensive care unit facilities. There is considerable variation in the way that spontaneous preterm labor (SPTL) is diagnosed, managed and treated internationally. The development of clinical guidelines requires an evidence-based approach to improve outcome and allow more efficient use of resources. With recent advances in our understanding of the etiology and mechanisms of SPTL and the availability of safer, more specific tocolytics, it was felt that guidelines should be developed to achieve, if possible, an European consensus in patient diagnosis, management and treatment. Copyright © by Walter de Gruyter. ER  - 
A double-blind comparison between bupropion XL and venlafaxine XR: Sexual functioning, antidepressant efficacy, and tolerability$$$ In this double-blind, multicenter study, bupropion XL, a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor, and venlafaxine XR, a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, were compared with regard to sexual functioning, efficacy, and tolerability. A total of 348 sexually active adult outpatients with depression were randomized to receive bupropion XL (titrated to a target dose of 300-450 mg/d) or venlafaxine XR (titrated to a target dose of 150-225 mg/d) for 12 weeks. Total scores on the primary dependent variable, the Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire (self-report), increased for subjects receiving bupropion XL and decreased for those treated with venlafaxine XR; the mean change scores differed significantly between groups from week 2 onward. Among subjects with normal pretreatment sexual functioning, Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire total scores remained essentially unchanged for the bupropion XL group but were decreased significantly for the venlafaxine XR group; mean change scores also differed between groups from week 2 onward. Although the therapies resulted in similar change on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, remission rates were significantly higher among those treated with bupropion XL (46%) versus venlafaxine XR (33%) (odds ratio, 1.93; 95% confidence interval, 1.07-3.46). Aside from adverse effects of venlafaxine XR on sexual function, both treatments were reasonably well tolerated. In conclusion, in this patient population (ie, relatively young, sexually active outpatients), bupropion XL was at least as effective as venlafaxine XR and had a significantly more favorable sexual side effect profile. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Tuberous sclerosis$$$ Tuberous sclerosis is a serious inherited disease which poses major challenges for affected families and those caring for them. Identification of the genes causing the condition and study of their protein products has shed light on the pathogenesis of the disease and provided valuable new information about signalling pathways regulating protein synthesis and cell growth. There is now the exciting possibility of drug therapy for some of the manifestations of the disease. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacologic treatment of migraine$$$ Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs are the mainstay of migraine treatment for children and adolescents by most primary care physicians. Not all patients respond to these readily available agents. Triptans have been studied in children and adolescents, and there is reasonable evidence to support the use of these agents in these populations. Other agents, such as combination preparations and ergot compounds, are also used in clinical practice, although there has been little scientific study. Prophylactic agents have been less well studied in those under 18 years of age. Agents such as antidepressants, anticonvulsants, and antihypertensives are commonly used in clinical practice. Safety issues are fairly well understood because of historical use and use for other conditions. Efficacy and optimal dosing have yet to be established for the treatment of migraine in children and adolescents in double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trials. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Review of antipsychotics in children and adolescents$$$ The use of antipsychotics in children and adolescents in the clinical setting is increasing. This article reviews 77 clinical trials published in the last 10 years, investigating their efficacy, effectiveness, safety and pharmacokinetic data in paediatric populations. The diagnostic categories in which the antipsychotics are commonly used (schizophrenia, pervasive developmental disorders, Tourette's disorder, mental retardation/subaverage intelligence, mood disorders and disruptive behaviour disorders) were used in order to review the evidence and effectiveness. All randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials from the past decade are also summarised. This review refers to recent relevant practice parameters, guidelines and reviews throughout the text. Consistent with previous reviews, it is concluded that the recent trend of increased use of antipsychotics in children and adolescents is not adequately supported by evidence. Specific suggestions have been provided on how to incorporate the existing evidence base into clinical decision making. The review ends with the authors' opinion on the clinical and research implications for the field and future directions. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Update in the treatment of paediatric ulcerative colitis$$$ Ulcerative colitis is an important disease in the paediatric population. Ulcerative colitis is one of the chronic inflammatory bowel diseases, and is medically incurable. However, the arsenal of medications has grown as knowledge of the pathogenesis of this disease advances. This review looks at the classical treatments for children with ulcerative colitis, including the 5-amino-salicylates, corticosteroids and imunomodulators, as well as biological therapy and other, newer modalities. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Tiagabine in anxiety disorders$$$ GABA has been implicated in both the aetiology and treatment of anxiety. Tiagabine is currently the only selective GABA reuptake inhibitor available in US markets; it exerts its action via GAT-1 transporter blockade presynaptically, facilitating GABA neurotransmission. Preclinical studies and current human studies suggest tiagabine possesses anxiolytic properties. The anxiolytic properties of tiagabine have also been suggested in a number of case series, open-label studies and placebo-controlled studies in patients with different anxiety disorders. Throughout these studies, tiagabine has been reasonably tolerated; the most commonly reported adverse events include dizziness, headache and nausea. Tiagabine may be a useful addition to currently available drugs for anxiety; however, the data from small open-label investigations remain to be confirmed in larger controlled studies. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Symptomatic treatment of multiple sclerosis: Multiple Sclerosis Therapy Consensus Group (MSTCG) of the German Multiple Sclerosis Society$$$ Besides immunomodulation and immunosuppression, the specific treatment of symptoms is an essential component of the overall management of multiple sclerosis (MS). Symptomatic treatment is aimed at the elimination or reduction of symptoms impairing the functional abilities and quality of life of the affected patients. Moreover, with symptomatic treatment the development of a secondary physical impairment due to an existing one may be avoided. Many therapeutic techniques as well as different drugs are used for the treatment of MS symptoms, but only a few of them have been investigated, especially in MS patients, and are approved by the national health authorities. Despite an overwhelming number of publications, only a few evidence-based studies exist and consensus reports are very rare, too. Therefore, it seemed necessary to develop a consensus statement on symptomatic treatment of MS comprising existing evidence-based literature as well as therapeutic experience of neurologists who have dealt with these problems over a long time. This consensus paper contains proposals for the treatment of the most common MS symptoms: disorders of motor function and coordination, of cranial nerve function, of autonomic, cognitive, and psychological functions as well as MS-related pain syndromes and epileptic seizures. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Silicon switches of marketed drugs$$$ The application of organosilicon chemistry is a strategy to develop best in class drugs applied to targets that have been validated as tractable and drug-able. Silicon switches of known drugs have been synthesised and evaluated in biological assay systems then compared to their marketed all-carbon counterparts. Recent examples include the silicon switches of drugs haloperidol, fexofenadine, bexarotene and venlafaxine. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Monitoring for adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs$$$ Best practices for monitoring the adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have not been carefully studied. Routine blood and urine studies do not appear to be of value in asymptomatic patients to avoid severe acute reactions. Subtle chronic AED side effects exist but algorithms for their detection and treatment are not well developed. Randomized clinical trials do not support the value of routine AED serum levels to improve compliance, seizure control, or avoid side effects. Simple screening procedures for neurotoxicity have not been developed. Some personal suggestions are offered. © 2006 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Pharmacology of autism$$$ The purpose of this review is to discuss the pharmacology of autistic disorder (autism) and other pervasive developmental disorders (PDDs) from the perspective of specific target symptom domains of behavior. Drug treatment strategies directed toward the following target symptom domains are included: motor hyperactivity and inattention; interfering stereotypical and repetitive behavior; aggression and self-injurious behavior (SIB); and the core social impairment of autism and other PDDs. For motor hyperactivity and inattention, studies have indicated that the α2 adrenergic agonists, clonidine and guanfacine, are useful. A placebo-controlled study by the Research Units on Pediatric Psychopharmacology (RUPP) Autism Network found methylphenidate to be efficacious in 49% of subjects with various PDDs for these target symptoms. Preliminary data with the norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor atomoxetine are encouraging. For interfering stereotypical and repetitive behavior, controlled studies of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor fluvoxamine found the drug to be more efficacious and better tolerated in adults than children with autism and other PDDs. A recent controlled study of low-dose liquid fluoxetine found the drug more efficacious than placebo for interfering repetitive behavior and well tolerated. A large placebo-controlled study of the atypical antipsychotic risperidone found the drug to be efficacious for reducing aggression, SIB and tantrumming in 70% of children with autism and that the response was maintained for up to 6 months. Open-label studies of other atypical antipsychotics are generally encouraging. A small, single-blind study of the glutamatergic agent d-cycloserine showed significant benefit for the social withdrawal of autism. Future directions include studying coactive pharmacological treatment strategies utilizing more than one drug to target more than one target symptom domain in individuals with autism and other PDDs. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prevalence of movement disorders in adolescent patients with schizophrenia and in relationship to predominantly atypical antipsychotic treatment$$$ Objective: To examine prevalence of movement disorders (MDs) such as tardive dyskinesia (TD), parkinsonism or akathisia in an adolescent population with schizophrenia and in relationship to predominantly atypical antipsychotic treatment. Method: Ninety-three patients (aged 19.6±2.2 years) were ascertained in this cross-sectional/retrospective study. 76 patients (81.7%) received atypical, 10 (10.8%) typical antipsychotics and 7 (7.5%) combinations of atypical/typical antipsychotics. MD symptoms were assessed using Tardive Dyskinesia Rating Scale (TDRS), Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale (AIMS), Extrapyramidal Symptom Scale (EPS), Barnes Akathisia Scale (BAS). Results: Movement disorder symptoms were found in 37 patients (39.8%) fulfilling strict/subthreshold criteria for TD (5.4/11.8%), parkinsonism (2.2/25.8%) or akathisia (1.1/11.8%), respectively. Patients treated with typical antipsychotics displayed a significantly higher EPS-score (P=0.036) and a tendency towards a higher BAS-score (P=0.061) compared to patients with atypical antipsychotics. Treatment durations with typical/atypical antipsychotics showed trends towards advantages of atypical antipsychotics with regard to parkinsonism/akathisia symptoms (P=0.061; P=0.054), but not with regard to TD symptoms (P=0.003), possibly due to confounding effects. Conclusion: Under treatment with atypical antipsychotics MD symptoms are less prevalent and less pronounced than under typical antipsychotics. We speculate that the finding of relatively high prevalence rates of subthreshold MD symptoms may be, at least partially, explained by previous or combined therapy with typical antipsychotics. © 2006 Steinkopff Verlag Darmstadt. ER  - 
Differential diagnosis and treatment of adult ADHD and neighboring disorders$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), once considered to be a childhood disorder, is diagnosed in ∼7 million adults in the United States, as reported by The National Comorbidity Study. Although it is now recognized that ADHD often persists into adulthood, the current diagnostic criteria is geared toward symptom identification in children. Symptoms of inattention, impulsivity, and hyperactivity evolve over the life cycle and present differently in adults. Further complicating diagnosis is that ADHD is associated with multiple functional impairments and comorbid psychiatric disorders. The Multi-Modal Treatment Study of ADHD reported that only 32% of the study population had ADHD alone; 29% had ADHD plus oppositional defiant disorder and/or conduct disorder, 14% had ADHD plus anxiety or depression, and 25% had all three disorders. Optimal treatment utilizes a multimodal approach including behavioral treatments combined with pharmacologic treatment strategies. Food and Drug Administration-approved medications for ADHD include the stimulants and nonstimulants, although tricyclic antidepressants and bupropion are also commonly used. In this monograph, Craig L. Donnelly, MD, reviews the history of ADHD and discusses the pathophysiologic progression of childhood symptoms into those commonly exhibited by adults. Next, Frederick W. Reimherr, MD, reviews comorbidity of ADHD and describes the Utah Criteria as a method of diagnosing adults through recollection of childhood problems. Finally, Joel L. Young, MD, reviews treatment approaches to adult ADHD and its comorbid conditions. Copyright © 2006 MBL Communications, Inc. ER  - 
The use of antiepileptic drugs in bipolar disorders: A review based on evidence from controlled trials$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have diverse psychotropic profiles. Some AEDs have proven to be efficacious in the treatment of mood disorders, especially bipolar disorder. Others are ineffective as primary treatments but may be useful adjuncts for mood disorders or comorbid conditions. Valproate (acute mania and mixed episodes), carbamazepine (acute mania and mixed episodes), and lamotrigine (maintenance to delay recurrence) have United States Food and Drug Administration indications for the treatment of bipolar disorder. This article provides an overview of data on the use of AEDs in bipolar disorder, including acute mania and depression, prophylaxis, and rapid cycling. ER  - 
Antidepressant discontinuation syndrome$$$ Discontinuation syndromes occur with many psychotropic agents. Withdrawal syndromes have been sporadically reported with the monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) and tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), although these are generally thought to affect a minority of patients. In contrast, drugs that act as central nervous system (CNS) depressants, such as sedative hypnotics, opiates, and ethanol, have prominent and potentially severe withdrawal effects. For example, habituation and pharmacologic dependence to benzodiazepines led to difficulty in stopping treatment with these agents and ultimately resulted in their listing as scheduled substances? ER  - 
Glutamate involvement in schizophrenia: Focus on N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors$$$ Glutamate is the primary excitatory neurotransmitter in the human brain, accounting for >60% of neurons. Overactivity of glutamatergic function has been linked to excitotoxicity in disorders such as stroke and epilepsy, which underfunctioning may lead to acute or chronic encephalopathies. Selective dysfunction or dysregulation of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA)-type glutamate receptors may play a specific role in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia. Recent studies have investigated the ability of NMDA/glycine-site modulators to ameliorate persistent negative and cognitive symptoms. Several full or partial glycine-site agonists, including glycine, D-serine and D-cycloserine, have shown effectiveness in small-scale clinical trials. Glycine levels in brain are regulated by glycine type I amino acid transporters. Recently developed glycine transport inhibitors show preclinical behavioral effects similar to those of glycine oro-serine, and may represent a "next generation" approach to the treatment of persistent negative and cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia. ER  - 
New drugs from old$$$ The NHS spends over £10 billion each year on medicines. The use of generic (patent-expired) medicines rather than branded equivalents has a key role in containing this expenditure and ensuring best value for money. On average, 4 years after the patent of a branded medicine has expired in the UK, generic equivalents will account for around half of the drug's market and cost about a quarter as much as the original brand. This represents a potentially large loss of income and, therefore, a major concern for companies that market branded products. Consequently, many use a long-term strategy known as 'lifecycle management' to minimise loss and to maximise returns from such products. This encompasses prioritising products for development, forming strategic alliances with other companies to share resourses, and utilising legal processes to protect products. One part of this strategy is the development and intensive marketing of new formulations or derivatives of existing medicines nearing the end of their patent life. Here we highlight some key examples of the impact the marketing of such products can have on patients, prescribers and the NHS. ER  - 
ADHD: New pharmacological treatments on the horizon$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common neurobehavioral disorder affecting school-age children. In many cases, symptoms persist into adolescence and adulthood, causing significant lifelong impairments in academic, career, and social functioning. The stimulants methylphenidate and amphetamines have been used for decades as first-line therapy for the treatment of ADHD. Short-acting stimulant formulations control symptoms only for a few hours, creating the need for multiple daily doses of the medication. For school-age children, this necessitates administering medication during school hours, creating the potential for embarrassment and noncompliance. To offset these problems, longer acting stimulant formulations have been developed. Long-acting medications often control symptoms for up to 8 hours with only one daily dose of the medication, eliminating the need for in-school administration. Some long-acting stimulants are designed to control symptoms for up to 10 to 12 hours. Although stimulants are effective in most cases, some children are unable to tolerate these medications. Nonstimulant options are available for the treatment of ADHD and include atomoxetine, α-adrenergic agents, and antidepressants. Of these, atomoxetine is the only medication approved to treat ADHD. In spite of the number of medications available for the management of ADHD, treatment options with greater flexibility and reduced side effects are still desirable. A transdermal methylphenidate patch has recently been approved, and advances to existing stimulants currently under development include an amphetamine prodrug and a longer acting formulation of amphetamine. In addition, a number of nonstimulant entities, including guanfacine and modafinil, are under development for the treatment of ADHD. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome with a combination of tiapride/carbamazepine: Results of a pooled analysis in 540 patients$$$ This was a retrospective study to examine the efficacy, practicability and medical safety of a combination of tiapride and unretarded (fast acting formula) carbamazepine in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. In five hospitals using this combination for treatment of alcohol withdrawal, 540 patients who had been treated with this combination were identified. An intensive evaluation of patients files and charts was performed. Details of alcohol history and comorbid disorders were extracted from patient files. Severity of alcohol withdrawal had been assessed using the CIWA-A-Score. Gender differences and differences between patients in their first and at least second withdrawal were computed by means of variance analyses (GLM). At baseline (day 1) mean dosage given was 796 for tiapride and 543 mg for carbamazepine. A pooled analysis of the results showed that, in general, medication was well tolerated. Withdrawal symptomatology as indicated by CIWA-A scores clearly decreased over time. Although a significant number of patients had a history of alcohol withdrawal delirium (103) and epileptic seizures (151), few patients suffered from them during treatment (8 and 5, respectively). Only 24 (4.4%) patients dropped out because of lack of efficacy or change of medication, 15 (2.8%) because of side effects. No case of malignant neuroleptic syndrome was recorded. Data analysis showed gender differences and differences between patients in their first and at least second withdrawal for side effects, complications, and in some CIWA-A-scores. In general, severe complications of withdrawal syndrome were more frequent in men compared to women and in patients with repeated inpatient treatment. In line with previous research, the results from this study give further evidence that a combination of the anticonvulsant carbamazepine and tiapride is an effective and safe treatment for alcohol withdrawal treatment. © 2006 Steinkopff Verlag. ER  - 
Valproic acid does not affect markers of human immunodeficiency virus disease progression$$$ Valproic acid (VPA) reduces latent human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) reservoirs by activating resting CD4+ cells. This retrospective case-control study (n = 30) examined effects of VPA on markers of HIV progression. VPA was not associated with changes in cerebrospinal fluid viral loads (VL), plasma VL, or neuropsychological performance. VPA patients had a trend towards lower CD4+ cells (P = .08) at follow-up. Concurrent antiretrovirals did not alter these relationships. VPA does not induce viremia or promote disease progression and may be safe for clinical intervention. ER  - 
Trigeminal-autonomic headaches in daily clinical practice$$$ Following the revised International Headache Society criteria, a group of short-lasting headaches associated with autonomic symptoms, the so called trigeminal autonomic cephalgias, were newly recognized. The trigeminal autonomic cephalgias include cluster headache, paroxysmal hemicranias and a syndrome involving short-lasting unilateral neuralform cephalgias with conjunctival injection and tearing (SUNCT) syndrome. In all of these syndromes, the half-sided head pain and cranial autonomic symptoms are prominent. All of the trigeminal autonomic cephalgias differ in duration, frequency and rhythmicity of the attacks, the intensity of pain and autonomic symptoms, as well as treatment options. This review gives a brief clinical description of the headache disorders and recent pathophysiological findings, as well as an overview of the treatment of cluster headache, paroxysmal hemicranias and SUNCT syndrome. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of neuropsychiatric conditions associated with multiple sclerosis$$$ This article reviews the treatment of behavioral disturbances associated with multiple sclerosis. Pharmacological and psychotherapeutic treatment data, when available, are presented for five discrete conditions: major depression, bipolar affective disorder, anxiety, psychosis, pseudobulbar affect and cognitive dysfunction. Despite the paucity of empirical treatment data that characterizes all of these conditions, with the exception of pseudobulbar affect, the message from open-label trials and anecdotal experience is that therapy is often successful, leading to improvements in quality of life for patients. Thus, all health professionals involved in the care of multiple sclerosis patients should have a good working knowledge of the neurotherapeutics of multiple sclerosis-related behavioral disorders. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Retrospective study of clozapine use in Ile-de-France$$$ Introduction. Clozapine, synthesized in the sixties, is an atypical antipsychotic drug whose history has been marked by its haematological toxicity. The purpose of this study was, ten years after it had been replaced at French psychiatrists' disposal, to gather data on the prescription modalities of clozapine, assess whether some factors could affect its efficacy, and describe the population of schizophrenic patients concerned. Methodology. Psychiatrists in the Paris region were asked to answer a questionnaire about their patients treated with clozapine. The information collected was about socio-demographic data, history of psychiatric disorder and the way clozapine was used. It was a retrospective study concerning 98 patients. Results. Subjects were 57 men and 41 women, with a mean age of 38 years. The majority of patients came from metropolitan France. Patients suffered from various clinical subtypes of schizophrenia, as assessed according to DSM IV criteria. Predominant symptomatology during lifetime was most often auditory hallucinations (41%). Mean duration of lifetime neuroleptic treatment was 10.3 years and breaks in follow-up were rare. Mean number of hospitalisations was 6.9 and a little less than half of the patients had been committed involuntarily. Lastly, 38% of patients had attempted suicide at least once and 35% had expressed hetero-agressive behavior. Main indication of clozapine was resistant schizophrenia (88.5% of patients) and mean duration of treatment was 2 years and 4 months. Treatment efficacy was assessed as good or medium in 77.9% of patients, at mean doses (322 mg per day) in keeping with data from the literature. Tolerance was considered on the whole as satisfactory by half of the clinicians. Among the 98 patients of the study, 21.6% had stopped taking clozapine. The reasons for withdrawal were : inefficacy (6.2%), granulopenia (5.2%), epilepsy (1%) and 8.2% for various reasons (half of these cases being non-compliance with treatment). The study of the 5 cases of granulopenia showed that 3 patients had another associated psychotropic medication : 1 patient received only clozapine as monotherapy, 1 data was missing. Two thirds of all patients were receiving another psychotropic drug in association with clozapine, mainly benzodiazepines (18.4%), antidepressants (15.3%) or mood stabilizers (7.1%). The « therapeutic efficacy » variable was compared with some variables in order to isolate factors possibly associated with a better efficacy of clozapine or, on the contrary, with a population of patients poorly responding to treatment. However, no statistically significant difference appeared according to the variables studied, such as gender or lifetime duration of neuroleptic treatment. Moreover, there was no statistically significant difference in efficacy according to schizophrenia subtype, main symptomatology during the course of illness or substance abuse. We studied whether any factor could affect the occurrence of granulopenia. No statistically significant difference was found. The mean age of patients having stopped the treatment because of granulopenia was higher than in the group with other reasons for interruption, but did not reach statistical significance. A trend also appeared towards female predominance (60% of women in the granulopenia group) and 3/4 of patients who had stopped their treatment because of agranulocytosis received another psychotropic drug in association with clozapine. Conclusion. As expected, the main indication for prescribing clozapine was resistant schizophrenia, but contrary to data from the international literature, the efficacy profile was the same whatever the clinical subtype of schizophrenia. The tolerance to clozapine was considered on the whole as satisfactory, but the high proportion of granulopenias leading to treatment withdrawal (5.2% of patients) confirms the need to remain cautious and stresses the importance of regular haematological monitoring. Furthermore, the study of the prescription modalities of clozapine shows that contrary to the guidelines, clozapine is often associated with other psychotropic drugs. In this study, it is striking to note that 75% of granulopenias occured in a coprescription situation. ER  - 
Poststroke dementia: Prevalence, incidence and risk factors$$$ The following review provides a brief synopsis of the existing literature on poststroke dementia. This includes a summary regarding poststroke dementia prevalence, incidence, and commonly identified risk factors. Factors contributing to differing reports, such as differences in methodology and diagnostic criteria, are noted, and their impact on our knowledge base is outlined. It is concluded that a standardized criteria for studying incidence and prevalence of poststroke dementia is required. © 2006 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Postlicensure epidemiology of childhood vaccination: The Danish experience$$$ The efficacy, the ability to confer protection against a target disease and the safety of a vaccine are assessed in great detail before licensure. However, inherent limitations in the prelicensure assessment necessitate continued epidemiological evaluations of efficacy and safety issues after the introduction of vaccines into use. In Denmark, the opportunities available for epidemiological research are unique. In 2001, an initiative was undertaken to take advantage of these opportunities to study the postlicensure epidemiology of childhood vaccination with respect to effectiveness and safety. First, we describe the unique opportunities for postlicensure research in Denmark with respect to the data sources available and the epidemiological and statistical methods used. We then describe a number of recent postlicensure studies of effectiveness and safety that took advantage of these opportunities. Specifically, studies on the effectiveness of Haemophilus influenzae type b vaccination, the effectiveness of pertussis vaccination, the impact of a preschool pertussis booster on infant pertussis, measles-mumps-rubella vaccine and autism, thimerosal-containing vaccine and autism, measles-mumps-rubella vaccine and febrile seizures, childhood vaccination and Type 1 diabetes, and childhood vaccination and nontargeted infectious disease are discussed. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Bipolar depression: Diagnostic and treatment considerations$$$ Bipolar affective disorder is a recurrent, disabling, and potentially lethal illness that typically begins early in life. Although the disorder is defined by the manic and hypomanic episodes, for most people the depression episodes are the more virulent aspect of the illness. Specifically, the depressive episodes are more numerous, last longer, and are more difficult to treat than the manias, and depression is the principal cause of the illness's increased mortality due to suicide. For people with early-onset depression, predictors of subsequent bipolarity include a family history, psychotic features, and reverse neurovegetative features. Initial episodes of depression are commonly misdiagnosed, which often delays initiation of appropriate therapy and increases the likelihood of treatment with antidepressants alone. Unfortunately, the correct diagnosis is often not made until there has been a treatment-emergent affective switch. There are no treatments specifically approved for bipolar disorder in youth and, among antidepressants, only fluoxetine has received approved. When bipolarity is suspected, treatment with mood stabilizers, both conventional (i.e., lithium, valproate, and carbamazapine) and more recently classified (lamotrigine) and atypical antipsychotics should be prioritized. When antidepressants are indicated in combination with mood stabilizers, first choice options include bupropion and the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Studies of adults indicate that several forms of focused psychotherapy may improve longer term outcomes. © 2006 Cambridge University Press. ER  - 
Pharmacological interventions for bipolar youth: Developmental considerations$$$ Despite the high prevalence rate, there have been relatively few controlled studies to systematically examine pharmacological treatments for children and adolescents with bipolar disorder. We review the differences in clinical characteristics between youth and adults with bipolar disorder and the extant literature of pharmacological treatments for children and adolescents with bipolar disorder, as well as discuss the effectiveness of pharmacological interventions for treating children and adolescents who are at familial risk for developing bipolar disorder. Although the number of controlled studies of youth with manic and mixed episodes is rapidly growing, there are few studies examining treatments for depression and the prevention of recurrent affective episodes in this population. Although children and adolescents with bipolar disorder commonly present with co-occurring psychiatric disorders, such as attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, there are limited data to guide the treatment of these patients. Recently, studies have begun to characterize prodromal manifestations of bipolar disorder and identify early intervention strategies for treating children and adolescents with an elevated risk for developing bipolar disorder. © 2006 Cambridge University Press. ER  - 
Therapeutic drug monitoring and pharmacogenetic tests as tools in pharmacovigilance$$$ Therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) and pharmacogenetic tests play a major role in minimising adverse drug reactions and enhancing optimal therapeutic response. The response to medication varies greatly between individuals, according to genetic constitution, age, sex, co-morbidities, environmental factors including diet and lifestyle (e.g. smoking and alcohol intake), and drug-related factors such as pharmacokinetic or pharmacodynamic drug-drug interactions. Most adverse drug reactions are type A reactions, i.e. plasma-level dependent, and represent one of the major causes of hospitalisation, in some cases leading to death. However, they may be avoidable to some extent if pharmacokinetic and pharmacogenetic factors are taken into consideration. This article provides a review of the literature and describes how to apply and interpret TDM and certain pharmacogenetic tests and is illustrated by case reports. An algorithm on the use of TDM and pharmacogenetic tests to help characterise adverse drug reactions is also presented. Although, in the scientific community, differences in drug response are increasingly recognised, there is an urgent need to translate this knowledge into clinical recommendations. Databases on drug-drug interactions and the impact of pharmacogenetic polymorphisms and adverse drug reaction information systems will be helpful to guide clinicians in individualised treatment choices. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Social anxiety disorder$$$ A 28-year-old man reports feeling anxious and self-conscious around people in school, work, and social situations since his early teens. He appears shy and, on questioning, describes avoidance of speaking up in work meetings, attending social gatherings, and dating. He desperately wants to be more socially active but fears he will appear nervous and embarrass himself. How should he be evaluated and treated? Copyright © 2006 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study on the prevalence of depressive and/or anxiety symptoms in neurological patients from four cities in China$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the prevalence of depressive and/or anxiety symptoms in patients with some neurological diseases in the general hospitals of major cities in China. METHODS: A hospital-based cross-sectional study was conducted in four big cities in China in 2004. 1197 eligible subjects with Stroke, Parkinson's disease and Epilepsy were recruited from the outpatient or inpatient departments within three months. Face-to-face interview was used in data collection together with the self-completed Hospital Anxiety and Depression (HAD) scale for depressive and/or anxiety symptom, were screened. Subjects getting a HAD score of 9 and above were further assessed for depressive and/or anxiety disorders with Hamilton anxiety scales and Hamilton depression scales by the licensed psychologists or psychiatrists. RESULTS: The prevalence rates of "self-scaled" depressive and/or anxiety symptoms were 19.5%, 24.1% and 21.9% respectively in patients with stroke, Parkinson's disease and epilepsy. Among cases with "self-scaled" depressive and/or anxiety symptoms, the prevalence rates of depressive and/or anxiety symptoms were 50.8%, 73.1% and 38.6% respectively; less than 17% of subjects had obtained a diagnosis of depressive disorders and had been treated but only 4% of the subjects having obtained a diagnosis of anxiety disorders and been treated prior to the study. The sex specific prevalence varied over the somatic diseases. In patients with Parkinson's disease, the prevalence of "self-scaled" anxiety symptom was significantly higher in females than in males (21.1% vs. 12.2%; chi2 = 5. 679, P = 0.017),and the total prevalence of "self-scaled" depressive and/or anxiety symptoms was also higher in female (30.3% vs. 20.5%; chi2 = 4.978, P = 0.026); in patients with stroke while the prevalence of depressive and anxiety symptoms in female was higher than that in male (52.2% vs. 20.0%; chi2 = 6.009, P = 0.014), and a higher prevalence of depressive symptoms in female patients with epilepsy was also reported (32.4% vs. 13.6%; chi2 = 4.108, P = 0.043). CONCLUSION: It was of great importance to remind the healthcare providers and health policy makers that high prevalence of depressive and/or anxiety symptoms was found in patients with somatic diseases but with low percentages of previous diagnosis or treatment in the departments of neurology at the general hospitals in urban China. ER  - 
Phase II study of mitomycin-C, adriamycin, cisplatin (MAP) and Bleomycin-CCNU in patients with advanced cancer of the anal canal: An eastern cooperative oncology group study E7282$$$ Metastatic anal cancer is a rare disease in the Western hemisphere and current treatment modalities are not effective. In this study, patients with advanced epithelial cancer of the anal canal received MAP followed by Bleomycin and CCNU upon progression of disease. Twelve out of twenty eligible patients had a partial response 60%, (95% CI {36% - 81%}). No complete responses were observed. The median survival was 15 months (95% CI {6-20} months). The median time to progression or death was 8 months (95% CI {4-9 months}). Toxicities were moderate and tolerable with routine supportive care; there were 2 cases of grade 3 vomiting, 2 cases of respiratory distress (one grade 1 and one grade 3), one case each of grade 3 leg cramps and cardiac arrhythmia. Of particular note were 7 cases of grade 3 hematologic toxicity. Two patients had grade 4 leukopenia and thrombocytopenia, respectively, that resolved without sequelae. The combination therapy of MAP followed by Bleomycin and CCNU for patients with advanced anal cancer, not amenable to radiotherapy or surgery, results in a moderate objective response but with moderate toxicities. This regimen and sequence is worthy of further study especially in combination with colony stimulating factors, however, its tolerability may be most applicable for patients who have had minimal prior therapy. © Springer Science + Business Media, LLC 2006. ER  - 
Biochemistry, pharmacology and physiology of 2-arachidonoylglycerol, an endogenous cannabinoid receptor ligand$$$ 2-Arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG) is a unique molecular species of monoacylglycerol isolated in 1995 from rat brain and canine gut as an endogenous ligand for the cannabinoid receptors. 2-AG is rapidly formed from arachidonic acid-containing phospholipids through increased phospholipid metabolism, such as enhanced inositol phospholipid turnover, in various tissues and cells upon stimulation. 2-AG binds to the cannabinoid receptors (CB1 and CB2) and exhibits a variety of cannabimimetic activities in vitro and in vivo. Notably, anandamide, another endogenous ligand for the cannabinoid receptors, often acts as a partial agonist at these cannabinoid receptors, whereas 2-AG acts as a full agonist in most cases. The results of structure-activity relationship studies suggested that 2-AG rather than anandamide is the true natural ligand for both the CB1 and the CB2 receptors. Evidence is gradually accumulating which shows that 2-AG plays physiologically essential roles in diverse biological systems. For example, several lines of evidence indicate that 2-AG plays an important role as a retrograde messenger molecule in the regulation of synaptic transmission. 2-AG has also been shown to be involved in the regulation of various types of inflammatory reactions and immune responses. In this review, we focused on 2-AG, and summarized information concerning its biosynthesis, metabolism, bioactions and physiological significance, including our latest experimental results. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term moxifloxacin in complicated tuberculosis patients with adverse reactions or resistance to first line drugs$$$ Study objectives: To test safety and tolerability of long-term moxifloxacin in resistant tuberculosis (TB) patients and patients with intolerance to first line anti-TB drugs. Design: Clinical evaluation of adverse events (AEs) during prolonged moxifloxacin treatment. Setting: TB Unit of the Regional TB Reference Center, Villa Marelli Institute, Niguarda Ca'Granda Hospital, Milan, Italy. Patients and interventions: Patients treated with moxifloxacin, 400 mg orally once daily for TB in the Villa Marelli Institute from January 2001 to December 2003 were enrolled. Results: Thirty-eight patients were treated with moxifloxacin at the Villa Marelli Institute in the study period, for multidrug resistant (MDR) TB (14, 36.8%), for intolerance to first line anti-TB drugs (9, 23.7%), for combined resistance and intolerance to first line anti-TB drugs (12, 31.6%), other reasons (3, 7.9%). The mean duration of moxifloxacin treatment was 6.3±5.2 months. Twelve (31.6%) patients reported at least an AE due to moxifloxacin, mostly gastrointestinal (8, 21.0%), general (5, 13.2%) and central nervous system (3, 7.9%) AEs. In 4 (10.5%) patients the drug was withdrawn for major AEs; no irreversible or fatal events were recorded. Most of the patients (31, 81.6%) reported a treatment success, even if the success rate was lower in MDR TB patients (8/14, 51.7%). Conclusions: Despite the fact that a large proportion of patients experienced at least an AE due to moxifloxacin, the drug resulted safe in the long-term administration for complicated TB cases. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A Phase II study of St. John's Wort for smoking cessation$$$ Objectives: To examine the feasibility and efficacy of St. John's Wort (SJW) for smoking cessation. Design: This one-arm Phase II study utilized an exact two-stage group sequential design with a 1-week run-in period between the start of SJW treatment and the designated quit date. A total of 37 smokers (ages 18-65 years, smoking ≥10 cigarettes/day) were started on SJW. Thirteen failed to make a verified quit attempt on the predesignated date and were taken off study resulting in 24 evaluable subjects. Setting: Smokers completed clinic visits at a cancer center with interval telephone calls and mailings. Intervention: Standardized SJW, 450 mg capsules taken orally twice daily along with cessation counseling messages. Main outcome measures: Subjects completed validated surveys and a focused physical examination at baseline. Evaluable subjects were defined as those subjects who made a confirmed quit attempt on their "quit date" 1 week following initiation of SJW. Smoking status was determined through self-report and bioverification using carbon monoxide (CO) testing. Results: Among evaluable subjects, the 12-week quit rate was 37.5% (9/24). Quitters had no significant change in weight from baseline to 12-weeks cessation. Use of SJW was generally well tolerated. Conclusions: Based upon these results (which suggest that SJW may be effective in maintaining smoking cessation) and the high compliance and few AEs, we conclude that SJW demonstrates feasibility for use in smoking cessation. If SJW proves to be effective in larger controlled studies, it could represent a less expensive, more readily accessible and well-tolerated agent to promote tobacco cessation. © 2006. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of levetiracetam in clinical practice: Results of the SKATE™ trial from Belgium and The Netherlands$$$ Objective: Aim of the study was to assess the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam as add-on treatment in patients with partial-onset epilepsy in clinical practice. Methods: In this observational, multi-centre study patients were treated with levetiracetam for 16 weeks. From a starting dose of 1000 mg/day, dose levels were adjusted at 2-weekly intervals in 1000-mg steps, to a maximum of 3000 mg/day, based on seizure control and tolerance. Analysis of efficacy was based on reduction in seizure frequency relative to baseline, 50% and 100% responder rates (for partial seizures and all seizure types combined) and percentage of patients using levetiracetam at the end of the study. Analysis of safety was based on occurrence of adverse events. Results: The present analysis concerns the results of patients recruited in Belgium and The Netherlands. Of the 251 patients included in the study, 86.9% completed 16 weeks of treatment. Reduction in frequency of partial-onset seizures was 62.2%, with 19.3% of the patients becoming seizure free and 56.6% having a reduction in seizure frequency of ≥50%. These percentages were more or less the same when calculated for all seizure types combined. Tolerance of levetiracetam treatment was good, with most adverse events being only mild to moderate in severity, and only 10.0% of the adverse events leading to discontinuation from the study. Asthenia, somnolence, dizziness and headache were the most frequently reported adverse events. Conclusion: Levetiracetam is effective and safe as add-on treatment for partial-onset seizures in clinical practice. © 2006 British Epilepsy Association. ER  - 
Practitioner review: Psychopharmacology in children and adolescents with mental retardation$$$ Background: The use of psychotropic medication to treat children and adults with mental retardation (MR) has a long and extensive history. There are no identified medications to address specific cognitive deficits among persons with MR. Instead, psychotropic medications are used to treat specific behavioral symptoms and/or psychiatric syndromes. The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of the recent literature regarding the use of psychotropic medications in this population, focusing primarily on children and adolescents. Methods: The paper is divided into five general drug categories: psychostimulants, antipsychotics, antidepressants, mood stabilizers, and other drugs. Each section offers an overview of the research supporting the use of that class of medications in children and adolescents with MR as well as cautions regarding potential side effects. Finally, specific clinical recommendations are offered. Results: The majority of studies in MR tend to be open trials, case reports, or controlled studies with small samples. The available data suggests that persons with MR respond to various psychotropic medications in ways similar to the typically developing population. However, rates of response tend to be poorer and the occurrence of side effects tends to be more frequent. Conclusions: The use of psychotropic medications in children and adolescents with MR requires even greater monitoring and the use of lower doses and slower dosage increases than in the general population. © 2006 The Authors Journal compilation 2006 Association for Child and Adolescent Mental Health. ER  - 
Postictal behaviors associated with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ The postictal behavior of responding to questions in a whispering voice or responding to commands with partial motor responses has not, to our knowledge, been previously associated with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. We performed a retrospective review of 100 consecutive patients admitted to the epilepsy monitoring unit for evaluation of medically refractory seizures or clinically indeterminate spells to determine if this association exists. Twenty-four patients had a diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, and 18 of the 24 (75%) exhibited postictal whispering voice or partial motor responses. None of the patients diagnosed as having epileptic seizures or other physiologic events exhibited these postictal signs. We conclude that postictal behavior may be helpful in the diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, and whispering or partial motor responses to commands may be commonly observed. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mindfulness-based stress reduction in medical settings$$$ Meditation, as a psychological intervention, has become of increasing interest to psychologists who conduct clinical research with or provide clinical services to medical populations. Mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) is a manualized program which teaches a variety of meditation techniques and has frequently been used in medical settings with mixed medical populations. The following is a review of the literature, which provides preliminary support for the effectiveness of MBSR in specific medical populations, including persons with chronic pain, cancer and heart disease. Despite these encouraging findings, experts agree that continued research is needed, especially controlled studies with more rigorous methodology. © Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. 2006. ER  - 
The safety of phosphate binders$$$ Disturbances of mineral metabolism occur during the early stages of chronic kidney disease. As renal function worsens, excess dietary phosphorus accumulates and blood levels increase, that can be clearly seen when the glomerular filtration rate has fallen below 30 ml/min/ 1.73m2. In patients with end stage renal disease, standard dialysis (three times/week) falls far short of removing adequate amounts of absorbed phosphorus; therefore, hyperphosphataemia is found in the majority of these patients. Hyperphosphataemia has long been associated with progression of secondary hyperparathyroidism and renal osteodystrophy, it can also lead to soft-tissue and vascular calcification. Recent observational data have associated hyperphosphataemia with increased cardiovascular mortality among dialysis patients. Adequate control of serum phosphorus remains a cornerstone in the clinical management and, despite the growing amount of available therapeutic options, achievement of NFK/KDOQI targets for mineral metabolism remain poor. Several reasons may explain the failure to adequately treat hyperphosphataemia: poor compliance with diet and phosphate binder prescriptions are common causes. Also, factors related with cost, tolerance, palatability, safety and efficacy are important. In this article, the authors review the advantages and drawbacks of conventional and emerging therapies in phosphorous binding. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Mood Disorders in the Elderly$$$ Mood disorders in the elderly are a growing source of morbidity and mortality. Unfortunately, mood disorders in later life frequently are not diagnosed and treated. Appropriate, prompt diagnosis and treatment of late-life mood disorders can significantly improve the quality of life of patients and families and may prove life saving. Current treatments can help most older adults with mood disorders. Future treatments are promising, particularly for those with treatment-resistant depression. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of sleep dysfunction and psychiatric disorders$$$ Patients with neurologic disorders commonly experience steep dysfunction and psychiatric disorders. The most common sleep dysfunction is insomnia, which is a primary symptom in 30% to 90% of psychiatric disorders. Insomnia and fatigue are prominent symptoms of anxiety disorders and major depression, including patients who are treated but have residual symptoms. Anxiety and depressive disorders account for 40% to 50% of all cases of chronic insomnia. It is also recognized that primary insomnia and other primary sleep disorders produce symptoms that are similar to those reported by patients with psychiatric disorders. A clinician must judge whether sleep deprivation causes mood disturbance or whether depressive or anxiety disorder represents the primary reason for sleep dysfunction. When insomnia is comorbid with mild to moderate depression, therapy should begin with bedtime dosing of sedating antidepressants such as mirtazapine, nefazodone, or tricyclic antidepressants, which are preferred because of their sedative effects, although side effects may limit their usefulness. Intervention for chronic insomnia is similar in nonpsychiatric and psychiatric patients. Behavioral therapies, particularly cognitive behavioral therapy, and lifestyle changes show significant long-term efficacy as treatments for chronic insomnia. Sedative hypnotic agents are the most studied agents to treat insomnia, particularly those that are active through the benzodiazepine receptor-GABA complex, such as benzodiazepines, eszopiclone, zaleplon, and zolpidem. The new melatonin-receptor agonist ramelteon has not yet been studied in psychiatric patients. Prescription of adjunctive trazodone 50 to 150 mg is a common clinical practice to treat comorbd insomnia during antidepressant therapy, but published data are surprisingly limited when considered against the frequent usage of trazodone. Although there has been insufficient research on the use of atypical antipsychotic agents in severe insomnia, psychiatrists use quetiapine, olanzapine, or other agents to lessen agitation that disrupts steep onset or maintenance. When insomnia or hypersomnia continues even as mood, anxiety, or thought disorders improve with standard therapy, the physician should consider the potential presence of underlying steep disorders. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Treating persistent adolescent aggression$$$ Adolescent aggressive behavior is a frequently encountered problem for clinicians and society as a whoLe. Better understanding of biological, social, and familial risk factors for maladaptive aggressive behavior may lead to more effective interventions. The social information processing problems characteristic of this group interfere with treatment and outcome. Although further studies are needed, evidence for the effectiveness of psychopharmacologic treatments is increasing. There is also evidence for several effective psychotherapeutic interventions, especially for those with affective/impulsive aggression. Knowledge of risk factors, psychosocial strategies, and psychopharmacologic treatments can enhance the clinician's ability to intervene with this difficult group. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Elders with Epilepsy$$$ Why is it important to learn about epilepsy in the elderly? The answers are many. As this article has highlighted, compared with younger individuals epilepsy is more common and the causes are more structural and symptomatic than in younger patients (particularly stroke). The clinical presentation is different in the elderly. The diagnosis is more difficult and often delayed. The most common seizures are simple partial and complex partial seizures, which are more often extratemporal in location. Confusion and memory problems are common presenting symptoms and postictal deficits often are prolonged. The prognosis for epilepsy in the elderly generally is favorable for seizure control, but if untreated, depression and quality of life suffer and seizures frequently recur. Seizures respond well at lower serum concentrations of antiepileptic drugs but these patients are also more sensitive (less tolerant) to side effects at lower doses than younger adults. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Evolution of antipsychotic intervention in the schizophrenic psychosis$$$ The accidental discovery (in the 1950s) and subsequent development of antipsychotic drugs have revolutionized the care of many patients with the schizophrenic psychoses. The first-generation antipsychotics, though effective for hallucinations, delusions, as well as a treatment of the disorder in two-thirds of patients with schizophrenia, burdened many patients with extrapyramidal effects (EPS), including dystonias, akathisia, and pseudo-Parkinsonian morbidity. Moreover, they had little or no effect on the most disabling, core symptoms associated with withdrawal of interests and interpersonal relationships. The second-generation antipsychotics, which began to appear in the late 1980s with the introduction of clozapine, had strikingly less morbidity, contributing little or no EPS and providing at least modest promise of reduction of negative symptoms and enhancement of some aspects of cognition. However, some second-generation antipsychotics have induced considerable weight gain, and appear to lower the threshold for the development of the metabolic syndrome, which increases cardio-vascular morbidity. The actual mechanism(s) of action of the antipsychotic drugs is still in dispute. Direct and indirect effects on dopamine transmission have been supported by much of the evidence. Direct blockade of dopamine hyperactivity and partial restoration deficient dopamine has been the standard explanation of their effects. However, dysfunctional intracellular signal transduction and dysfunction of myelin are emerging as competing pathologies upon which antipsychotics act. It is likely that the next generation of antipsychotics will act more directly and more specifically on such underlying neuropathology. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
A clinical overview of the new antiepileptic drugs$$$ Over the past decade, several new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have become available including Gabapentin, Lamotrigine, Topiramate, Tiagabine, Oxcarbazepine, Levetiracetam, Zonisamide, Vigabatrin and Felbamate. These drugs had proved their efficacy in various types of seizures. Lamotrigine and Topiramate were suggeseted as effective for use as monotherapy for generalized seizures, and Topiramate, Lamotrigine, Oxcarbazepine and Gabapentin for partial onset seizures, and Vigabatrin for infantile spasms. All the new anti-epileptic drugs are also effective as add-on therapy for partial seizures without or with secondary generalization. This article briefly reviews the pharmacodynamics of the new antiepileptic drugs to provide information that physicians in the Kingdom particularly non-epileptologists for rational choice and judicious use of these agents. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations in pediatric systemic lupus erythematosus and association with antiphospholipid antibodies$$$ Objective. To determine the prevalence of neuropsychiatric (NP) manifestations in children with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) using the 1999 American College of Rheumatology case definitions for NP syndromes in SLE, and their association with antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL). Methods. We performed a retrospective cohort study of 106 pediatric and adolescent SLE patients at 2 academic medical centers. Clinical and laboratory data were obtained by medical record review. All aPL testing was performed in standard clinical laboratories. Results. Twenty-five patients (23.6%) had NP manifestations, including seizures (9.4%), headaches (4.7%), mood disorders (4.7%), cognitive dysfunction (4.7%), cerebrovascular accident (CVA), psychosis and pseudotumor (2.8% each), aseptic meningitis (0.9%), acute confusional state (0.9%), anxiety (0.9%), and cranial neuropathy (0.9%). NP events were not necessarily accompanied by an SLE flare. aPL were positive in 70% of all SLE patients, including anticardiolipin antibodies (aCL) in 64%, aCL IgG in 56%, aCL IgM in 35%, rapid plasma reagin or Venereal Disease Research Laboratory test in 13%, and lupus anticoagulant (LAC) in 18%. The only significant association between NP manifestations and aPL was for CVA and IgM aCL (p=0.03). LAC was slightly more common among patients with NP events, and the finding of LAC on more than one occasion was significantly associated with developing a NP event (p = 0.01). Conclusion. NP manifestations occur in about one-fourth of children with SLE, are an early event in the course of the disease, and are not necessarily accompanied by an SLE flare. Seizures are the most frequent symptom. Although aPL are common, their association with NP events, unlike in adults, is weak, except for CVA, suggesting a different pathogenic mechanism for NP manifestations in pediatric SLE. ER  - 
Cannabinoid drugs and enhancement of endocannabinoid responses: Strategies for a wide array of disease states$$$ The endogenous cannabinoid system has revealed potential avenues to treat many disease states. Medicinal indications of cannabinoid drugs including compounds that result in enhanced endocannabinoid responses (EER) have expanded markedly in recent years. The wide range of indications covers chemotherapy complications, tumor growth, addiction, pain, multiple sclerosis, glaucoma, inflammation, eating disorders, age-related neurodegenerative disorders, as well as epileptic seizures, traumatic brain injury, cerebral ischemia, and other excitotoxic insults. Indeed, a great effort has led to the discovery of agents that selectively activate the cannabinoid system or that enhance the endogenous pathways of cannabinergic signaling. The endocannabinoid system is comprised of three primary components: (i) cannabinoid receptors, (ii) endocannabinoid transport system, and (iii) hydrolysis enzymes that break down the endogenous ligands. Two known endocannabinoids, anandamide (AEA) and 2-arachidonoyl glycerol (2-AG), are lipid molecules that are greatly elevated in response to a variety of pathological events. This increase in endocannabinoid levels is suggested to be part of an on-demand compensatory response. Furthermore, activation of signaling pathways mediated by the endogenous cannabinoid system promotes repair and cell survival. Similar cell maintenance effects are elicited by EER through inhibitors of the endocannabinoid deactivation processes (i.e., internalization and hydrolysis). The therapeutic potential of the endocannabinoid system has yet to be fully determined, and the number of medical maladies that may be treated will likely continue to grow. This review will underline studies that demonstrate medicinal applications for agents that influence the endocannabinoid system. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Long-term subcutaneous interferon beta-1a therapy in patients with relapsing-remitting MS$$$ OBJECTIVE: To conduct systematic long-term follow-up (LTFU) of patients in the Prevention of Relapses and Disability by Interferon beta-1a Subcutaneously in Multiple Sclerosis (PRISMS) study to provide up to 8 years of safety, clinical and MRI outcomes on subcutaneous (SC) interferon (IFN) β-1a in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). METHODS: The original cohort of 560 patients was randomized to IFNβ-1a, 44 or 22 μg three times weekly (TIW) or to placebo; after 2 years, patients on placebo were rerandomized to active treatment and the blinded study continued for a further 4 years. The LTFU visit was scheduled 7 to 8 years after baseline. RESULTS: LTFU was attended by 68.2% of the original PRISMS study cohort (382/560 patients). 72.0% (275/382) were still receiving IFNβ-1a SC TIW. Patients originally randomized to IFNβ-1a 44 μg SC TIW showed lower Expanded Disability Status Scale progression, relapse rate and T2 burden of disease up to 8 years compared with those in the late treatment group. Brain parenchymal volume did not show differences by treatment group. Overall, 19.7% of patients progressed to secondary progressive MS between baseline and LTFU (75/381). No new safety concerns were identified and treatment was generally well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the limitations inherent in any long-term study (for example, potential differences between returning and nonreturning patients), these results indicate that patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis can experience sustained benefit over many years from early interferon β-1a subcutaneous therapy three times weekly compared with patients whose treatment is delayed. This effect was more apparent in the patients receiving the higher dose. Copyright © 2006 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of smoking cessation and the Indian scenario$$$ Tobacco smoking is a leading cause of preventable diseases and deaths, both in India and the rest of the world. Various effective methods are now available which can help a person to quit smoking. However, the awareness of such interventions and the will to implement them are lacking both among tobacco addicts and healthcare providers in India. This article reviews the various pharmacological interventions currently available, the Indian scenario with regard to smoking cessation and the impact of smokeless tobacco use. ER  - 
Bupropion: Pharmacology and therapeutic applications$$$ A total of 17 years after its introduction, bupropion remains a safe and effective antidepressant, suitable for first-line use. Bupropion undergoes metabolic transformation to an active metabolite, 4-hydroxybupropion, through hepatic cytochrome P450-2B6 (CYP2B6) and has inhibitory effects on cytochrome P450-2D6 (CYP2D6), thus raising concern for clinically-relevant drug interactions. Common side effects are nervousness and insomnia. Nausea appears slightly less common than with the SSRI drugs and sexual dysfunction is probably the least of any antidepressant. Bupropion is relatively safe in overdose with seizures being the predominant concern. The mechanism of action of bupropion is still uncertain but may be related to inhibition of presynaptic dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake transporters. The activity of vesicular monoamine transporter-2, the transporter pumping dopamine, norepinephrine and serotonin from the cytosol into presynaptic vesicles, is increased by bupropion and may be a component of its mechanism of action. Bupropion is approved for use in major depression and seasonal affective disorder and has demonstrated comparable efficacy to other antidepressants in clinical trials. Bupropion is also useful in augmenting a partial response to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants, although bupropion should not be combined with monoamine oxidase inhibitors. It may be less likely to provoke mania than antidepressants with prominent serotonergic effects. Bupropion is effective in helping people quit tobacco smoking. Anecdotal reports indicate bupropion may lower inflammatory mediators such as tumor necrosis factor-α, may lower fatigue in cancer and may help reduce concentration problems. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Zonisamide for the treatment of epilepsy$$$ The availability of new antiepileptic drugs with different mechanisms of action has widened our therapeutic choice, allowing better tailoring of treatment regimens to address specific needs. Zonisamide is the latest addition to the pharmacological management of epilepsy in Europe, following extensive clinical experience in Japan and the USA. This article reviews the structure, mechanism of action, pharmacokinetics and drug interactions of zonisamide. The four double-blind, placebo-controlled trials in patients with drug-resistant focal seizures are also presented. They complement pre- and postmarketing studies conducted in Japan and provide clear-cut evidence that the drug has efficacy as an add-on treatment in this indication. Reports on zonisamide monotherapy and on the use of the drug for the control of several types of seizures (typical and atypical absences, tonic and myoclonic) and syndromes in children and adults are also commented on. These were all open-label studies, as is often the case with other antiepileptic drugs, dealing with treatment of epilepsy in children. The Japanese, US and European data provide a large database of safety information suggesting that the drug is well tolerated with mild-to-moderate adverse events (e.g., somnolence and dizziness). Nephrolithiasis appears to have a very low incidence and cutaneous reactions are rare. The available data provide an excellent foundation on which clinicians can build their knowledge on this drug, although the broad-spectrum efficacy of zonisamide needs to be confirmed through randomized trials. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Salvage chemotherapy in follicular non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: Focus on tolerability$$$ Follicular lymphoma (FL) is typically characterized by repeated remissions and relapses, and many patients receive a number of therapeutic interventions during their disease course. Although treatment options are evolving rapidly, stem cell transplantation offers a potentially favorable impact on survival. In general, many patients with FL are not eligible for this approach by virtue of age and/or comorbid disease. Salvage chemotherapy consequently remains the mainstay of treatment, being individualized according to disease and patient characteristics, goals of therapy, and patient preference. Many of the cytotoxic agents used in relapsed FL are highly myelotoxic, leading to significant morbidity and mortality, including febrile neutropenia, hemorrhage, and impaired quality of life. Nausea and vomiting can also be problematic, particularly with regimens incorporating carmustine, cisplatin, and high-dose cyclophosphamide. Other acute toxicities include mucositis, alopecia, extravasation injuries, and neurotoxicity. Late toxicities can also occur, sometimes months or even years after the administration of antineoplastic agents. Acute myeloid leukemias, myelodysplastic syndromes, or solid tumors can occur after chemotherapy with alkylating agents. The cardiotoxic profile of anthracycline antibiotics is well recognized, and several agents, including carmustine and cyclophosphamide, can cause lung injury. Persistent neurotoxicity, nephrotoxicity, ototoxicity, and vascular toxicity have also been reported in association with chemotherapeutic agents used in patients with relapsed FL. Novel therapeutic strategies might allow patients to achieve longer remissions, potentially reducing lifetime exposure to repeated cycles of chemotherapy and their attendant toxicities. These could include the use of more efficient preparative and purging approaches in the translantation setting or the administration of rituximab maintenance therapy after (immuno) chemotherapy induction or transplantation. ER  - 
Depression and anxiety symptom severity in a group of children with epilepsy and related factors$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the anxiety and depression symptom severity in a group of epileptic children and compare the results to healthy controls. Additionally, the frequency of psychiatric disorders in epileptic children was also assessed. METHOD: The study compared 30 children, ranging in age from 8 to 16 years with epileptic disorder who attended a children's neurology clinic, with healthy controls using the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory and Children's Depression Inventory scores and suicidal ideation. The MINI was administered to epileptic patients to determine the frequency of psychiatric disorders in this clinical group. RESULTS: State anxiety scores of the epilepsy group were significantly higher compared to controls. No significant differences were found between patients and controls in terms of trait anxiety and depression scores. In all 3 scales boys scored significantly higher than girls. No significant relationships were found between symptom severity, duration of epilepsy, age of seizure onset and depression and anxiety scores. Psychiatric assessments with the MINI identified psychiatric disorders in 26.7% of epileptic patients. Two epileptic patients reported past suicidal attempts however, only 2 patients were receiving psychiatric treatment. CONCLUSION: Psychiatric disorders were frequently observed in the group of epileptic patients. Psychiatric disorders occurred more frequently in boys compared to girls in this group. Clinicians should be more aware of accompanying psychiatric symptoms in epileptic patients and take the necessary precautions in the early period of the illness in an effort to prevent future mental health problems. ER  - 
Augmentation treatment of psychotherapy for anxiety disorders with D-cycloserine$$$ Anxiety disorders are among the most common mental disorders. One of the most effective strategies to treat anxiety disorders is exposure therapy with or without cognitive intervention. Fear reduction in exposure therapy is similar to extinction learning. Preclinical studies suggest that extinction learning can be blocked by antagonists at the glutamatergic N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor, and facilitated with D-cycloserine (DCS), a partial agonist at the glycine recognition site of the NMDA receptor in the amygdala. DCS is an established antibiotic drug for the chronic treatment of tuberculosis in humans, but has only recently been investigated as an augmentation therapy for psychological treatment procedures. The review of the literature provides preliminary support for the use of acute dosing of DCS as an adjunctive intervention to exposure therapy for anxiety disorders, including specific phobia and social anxiety disorder. Negative results have recently been reported in the treatment of subclinical fears of animals. These studies suggest that DCS needs to be administered on an acute rather than a chronic dosing schedule, include sufficient time for memory consolidation, and be administered together with psychological treatment that leaves sufficient room for further improvement. It remains to be seen whether these highly promising findings represent reliable pharmacological strategies to enhance exposure therapy of anxiety disorders. © 2006 The Authors. ER  - 
Malaria Chemotherapy$$$ Most malaria control strategies today depend on safe and effective drugs, as they have done for decades. But sensitivity to chloroquine, hitherto the workhorse of malaria chemotherapy, has rapidly declined throughout the tropics since the 1980s, and this drug is now useless in many high-transmission areas. New options for resource-constrained governments are few, and there is growing evidence that the burden from malaria has been increasing, as has malaria mortality in Africa. In this chapter, we have tried to outline the main pharmacological properties of current drugs, and their therapeutic uses and limitations. We have summarised the ways in which these drugs are employed, both in the formal health sector and in self-medication. We have briefly touched on the limitations of current drug development, but have tried to pick out a few promising drugs that are under development. Given that Plasmodium falciparum is the organism that kills, and that has developed multi-drug resistance, we have tended to focus upon it. Similarly, given that around 90% of global mortality from malaria occurs in Africa, there is the tendency to dwell on this continent. We give no apology for placing our emphasis upon the use of antimalarial drugs in endemic populations rather than their use for prophylaxis in travellers. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Appropriate prescribing and education can help address opioid underusage for chronic pain in elderly patients$$$ Underprescribing of opioids is a major component of poor management of managing chronic pain in elderly patients. Typical reasons for underprescribing include inadequate pain assessment, opioidphobia, and concern about adverse effects, polypharmacy, tolerability, dependence and addiction. Many of these concerns can be overcome through education and appropriate prescribing and monitoring of opioid agents. Morphine is the gold standard for opioid analgesia, but several other opioids, which may be administered by more suitable routes, may also be prescribed to elderly patients. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Benzodiazepines for alcohol withdrawal$$$ Background: Alcohol withdrawal syndrome is a cluster of symptoms that occurs in alcohol-dependent people after cessation or reduction in alcohol use. This systematic review focuses on the evidence of benzodiazepines' use in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal symptoms. Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of benzodiazepines in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (The Cochrane Library Issue 4, 2004), MEDLINE (1966 to October 2004) and EU-PSI PSI-Tri database with no language and publication restrictions. We also screened references of retrieved articles. Selection criteria: All randomized controlled trials examining the effectiveness and safety of a benzodiazepine in comparison with a placebo or other pharmacological intervention or other benzodiazepine were considered. Data collection and analysis: Two reviewers independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Main results: Fifty-seven trials, with a total of 4051 people were in cluded. Despite the considerable number of randomized controlled trials, there was a very large variety of outcomes and of different rating scales and relatively limited quanti tative synthesis of data was feasible. Benzodiazepines offered a large benefit against alcohol withdrawal seizures compared to placebo (relative risk (RR) 0.16; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.69; p = 0.01). Benzodiazepines had similar success rates as other drugs (RR 1.00; 95% CI 0.83 to 1.21) or anticonvulsants in particular (RR 0.88; 95% CI 0.60 to 1.30) and offered a significant benefit for seizure control against non-anticonvulsants (RR 0.23; 95% CI 0.07 to 0.75; p = 0.02), but not against anticonvulsants (RR 1.99; 95% CI 0.46 to 8.65). Changes in Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA-Ar) scores at the end of treatment were similar with benzodiazepines versus other drugs, although some small studies showed isolated significant differences for other, less commonly, used scales. Data on other comparisons were very limited, thus making quantitative synthesis for various outcomes not very informative. Authors' conclusions: Benzodiazepines are effective against alcohol withdrawal symptoms, in particular seizures, when compared to placebo. It is not possible to draw definite conclusions about the relative effectiveness and safety of benzodiazepines against other drugs in alcohol withdrawal, because of the large heterogeneity of the trials both in interventions and assessment of outcomes but the available data do not show prominent differences between benzodiazepines and other drugs in success rates. ER  - 
Second-generation antipsychotics: Is there evidence for sex differences in pharmacokinetic and adverse effect profiles?$$$ Six second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs), aripiprazole, clozapine, olanzapine, quetiapine, risperidone and ziprasidone, are currently US FDA approved. The aim of this review is to investigate whether sex differences exist for efficacy and adverse effects of these drugs. Sex-related differences have been shown in the pharmacokinetics of cytochrome P450 (CYP), with a higher activity in females for CYP3A4 and CYP2D6. However, even if there are pharmacokinetic differences between females and males, significantly higher plasma concentrations in women have been demonstrated only for olanzapine and clozapine. To date, sex differences in adverse effects have not been well studied, but some adverse effects such as weight gain, hyperprolactinaemia and cardiac effects are reported to be particularly problematic for women. Most of the studies reviewed indicate that clozapine and olanzapine are associated with greater bodyweight gain than the other atypical antipsychotics, and that serious adverse effects such as metabolic syndrome, which includes increased visceral adiposity, hyperglycaemia, hypertension and dyslipidaemia induced by SGAs, are more frequent in females. According to most studies, the risk for cardiac adverse effects induced by SGAs is the same in male and female patients. Although women are at a lower risk of sudden cardiac death, they have a higher risk of induced long QT syndrome from antiarrhythmic and, probably, antipsychotic drugs. The propensity of sexual dysfunctions is higher with conventional antipsychotics than with SGAs. Additionally, there is some evidence that female sexual dysfunction is associated with high prolactin levels; however, whether the degree of prolactin level elevation is different between female and male patients remains controversial. There is no evidence for sex differences for any of the SGAs to cause a higher rate of extrapyramidal symptoms, acute dystonia or any other movement disturbance. Knowledge of the risks and benefits associated with the use of SGAs during pregnancy and lactation is limited, although the direction of dose adjustments during pregnancy depends on the drug and the enzyme that is responsible for its metabolism. In general, data on sex differences were mostly obtained by post hoc analysis and, therefore, the conclusions that can be drawn are limited. For a better understanding of the basic mechanisms of sex differences, future studies with a primary focus on this topic are required. Data that are more specific will help determine the extent to which these differences will have implications for clinical management. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapies in the management of obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Few medications are effective in treating obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). As monotherapy, only potent serotonin (5-HT) reuptake inhibitors (SRIs) consistently exert an intrinsic therapeutic action in OCD. Their use in OCD, however, differs from their use in depression. This paper first reviews the evidence supporting the key role of 5-HT as a pivotal neurotransmitter in the anti-OCD response. Then, we describe the practicalities of SRI use, followed by the steps that can be taken when these medications do not produce an adequate clinical response. We provide specifics for the treatment of children and adolescents with OCD. We include a brief description of the brain circuitry involved in OCD and the mechanisms of action of the pharmacologic agents reported to be effective in this disorder, as well as those that are useful in depression but not in OCD. We present this information to promote better understanding of the research endeavours needed to develop new pharmacotherapeutic approaches. ER  - 
Dopaminergic-based pharmacotherapies for depression$$$ The serendipitous discovery of the precursors of two of the major contemporary antidepressant families during the late 1950s, iproniazid for the monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) and imipramine for the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), has guided the subsequent development of antidepressant compounds with predominantly serotonergic, noradrenergic or combined serotonergic and noradrenergic activity. Unfortunately, however, many depressed patients continue to remain symptomatic despite adequate treatment with pharmacologic agents currently available. When one reviews the list of pharmacologic agents currently approved for the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), it is apparent that relatively few treatments with dopaminergic activity have been developed to date. Therefore, developing effective antidepressant treatments with pro-dopaminergic properties which also possess a relatively wide safety margin may further improve the standard of care for depression. In the present article we will briefly review studies focusing on the role of dopamine in depression followed by a comprehensive review of pharmacotherapies for depression with pro-dopaminergic activity. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP. ER  - 
Psychopathology in tuberous sclerosis: An overview and findings in a population-based sample of adults with tuberous sclerosis$$$ Background: Tuberous sclerosis (TS) is a multi-system disorder with complex genetics. The neurodevelopmental manifestations of TS are responsible for considerable morbidity. The prevalence of epilepsy and intellectual disabilities among individuals with TS have been well described. Ours is the first study that explores the prevalence and pattern of psychopathology in a population-based sample of adults with TS. Methods: Sixty subjects were identified through a capture-recapture analysis of TS. Information was gathered as to seizure history, cognitive functioning (WISC-III) and psychopathology (SADS-L, SAPPA). Lifetime psychopathology was categorized according to Research Diagnostic Criteria. The overall pattern of mental illness (MI) was examined as well as how this varied with IQ and seizure history. Results: Twenty-four (40.0%) subjects had a history of MI. The most common diagnosis was that of an affective disorder [18 (30.0%)], the majority of which were major depressive episodes. Alcoholism [4 (6.7%)] and anxiety disorders [3 (5.0%)] were the next most common diagnoses. Two (3.3%) subjects had had a tic disorder. Only one individual had a diagnosis of schizophrenia. MI was found in 75.0% of those with a history of epilepsy and 37.5% of those without epilepsy. MI was significantly more prevalent in those with a full-scale IQ above 70. Conclusions: A significant proportion of adult with TS experience MI. MI was significantly less prevalent in subjects with a full-scale IQ above 70. Reasons for such a finding are explored, and related methodological considerations for future research outlined. © 2006 The Authors. Journal Compilation © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Long-term effects of the treatment of polycythemia vera with recombinant interferon-α$$$ Patients with polycythemia vera (PV) are most often treated with phlebotomyonly (PHL-O) or phlebotomy plus hydroxyurea (PHL + HU). Such treatment is often unsatisfactory because of persistent susceptibility to thrombosis owing to inadequate control of abnormal erythropoiesis and thrombopoiesis. Recombinant interferon-α (rIFNα) inhibits erythroid progenitors and affects megakaryocyte function and thus may be a more effective treatment, but reports of its use have been of relatively short duration. The long-term use (median, 13 years) of rIFNα in 55 patients previously treated with PHL alone or with PHL + HU was studied. Data pertaining to the natural history of the disease were also examined. Patients achieved partial response of their disease by 6 months, and complete response by 1-2 years (phlebotomy-free, HCT ≤45%, platelets ≤600,000/μL); spleen size was reduced in 27 of 30 patients with prior splenomegaly. The initial dose of rIFNα was 1 mega unit 3 times a week (1 MU/tiw) for the majority of patients, with periodic dose increases as required and as tolerated. The maintenance dose, usually 3 MU/tiw, could be decreased after the second year of treatment in half the patients. Toxicity was acceptable. Disease-free survival was marked by no thrombohemorrhagic complications reflecting both the effect of rIFNα and total patient care. Evidence is presented indicating that rIFNα effectively reduces PHL requirements, thrombocythemia, splenomegaly, and thrombohemorrhagic events. It is an effective drug for treating PV with acceptable toxicity. © 2006 American Cancer Society. ER  - 
Effectiveness of interferon plus ribavirin combination in the treatment of naive patients with hepatitis C virus type 5. A French multicentre retrospective study$$$ Aim: To assess the rate of sustained virological response in naïve hepatitis C virus-type 5 patients treated by standard interferon or percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy-interferon (peg-interferon) and ribavirin combination for 48 weeks. Patients and methods: A total of 87 hepatitis C virus patients were included from 12 centres in France; 28 patients received interferon plus ribavirin and 59 were treated with peg-interferon plus ribavirin. Results: Baseline characteristics were: mean age 58 ± 11 years, sex ratio 1, 66% had metavir fibrosis score ≥F2, 21% were cirrhotics and 53% had pre-therapeutic viral load ≥800 000 IU/mL. Sustained virological response was achieved in 64% and 58% of hepatitis C virus-5 patients treated with interferon and peg-interferon, respectively (NS). In adherent patients, sustained virological response was obtained in 75% of patients. Sustained virological response in hepatitis C virus-5 patients (60%) was significantly higher than sustained virological response in hepatitis C virus-1 patients (37%) (P = 0.0499) and not significantly different from sustained virological response in hepatitis C virus-2-3 patients (63%) (P = 0.8098). Conclusions: Combination therapy is effective in 60% of hepatitis C virus-5-infected patients. Sustained virological response seems better in hepatitis C virus-5 patients than in hepatitis C virus-1 patients, and is similar to that of hepatitis C virus-2-3 patients. More studies are needed to determine optimal duration of treatment in hepatitis C virus-5 patients. © 2006 The Authors. ER  - 
The influence of concomitant neuroleptic medication on safety, tolerability and clinical effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is still considered to be the most efficacious treatment option in major depressive disorder and treatment-resistant schizophrenia. Unfortunately, in some cases patients do not respond sufficiently to conventional unilateral ECT, or even to bilateral or high dose ECT. In these cases, concomitant pharmacotherapy can be a useful augmentation strategy to improve clinical effectiveness. Interestingly, there is not much data about ECT and concomitant neuroleptic medication. Method: We evaluated 5482 treatments in 455 patients in our retrospective study to see whether there might be differences between combination therapies (ECT and concomitant neuroleptic medication) and ECT monotherapy. We focused on clinical effectiveness and tolerability; furthermore we investigated treatment modalities and ictal neurophysiological parameters that might influence the treatment. Results: A total of 18.2% of all treatments were done with no psychotropic medication, 2.8% with a neuroleptic monotherapy. Seizure duration according to EEG derivations turned out to be significantly longer in patients treated with neuroleptics of lower antipsychotic potency, whereas seizure duration in EMG was shorter in treatments done with atypical substances. Postictal suppression was highest in treatments done with atypical neuroleptics, whereas the same group was lowest regarding convulsion energy and convulsion concordance indices. The best therapeutic effectiveness was seen in treatments done with atypical substances. Adverse effects were not influenced significantly by concomitant neuroleptic medication. Conclusion: Our study suggests that there might be a clinical benefit by combining ECT treatment with neuroleptic medication; especially atypical substances seem to enhance improvement. The tolerability of ECT treatment was not influenced by concomitant neuroleptic medication. ER  - 
Recommendations and supporting evidence in guidelines for referral of patients to sleep laboratories$$$ At the request of Canadian health ministries, we reviewed recommendations in guidelines prepared by professional bodies on the referral of individuals to sleep laboratories. Searching electronic databases and the Internet, we found 37 guidelines that covered 18 applications of sleep laboratory investigation including obstructive sleep apnea, other respiratory disorders, obstructive sleep apnea and other conditions in children, sudden infant death syndrome, treatment for snoring, insomnia, depression with insomnia, narcolepsy, restless legs syndrome/periodic limb movement disorder, parasomnias and circadian rhythm disorders. We identified recommendations on referral of patients for sleep studies and assessed the quality and relevance of evidence cited in support of these. Of 81 recommendations, 46 were supported by evidence from primary investigations. Only six cases cited evidence from well-conducted, prospective controlled studies. Evidence was highly relevant in 18 cases, of some relevance in 22 and of little or no relevance in six. No evidence was provided in support of 31 recommendations, and in four cases the guideline had identified an absence of available evidence. Although the publications from professional bodies that were reviewed contain much detailed information, evidence supporting many recommendations is limited. There is a need for further, good quality, studies of many sleep laboratory applications. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Schizophrenia spectrum disorders in people with intellectual disabilities$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To examine most recently published studies of schizophrenia spectrum disorders in people with intellectual disabilities. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies that have been published in the review period have advanced understanding of the epidemiology, presentation, assessment, suspected neuropathology, genetics and treatment of, and service issues relating to, schizophrenia spectrum disorders in people with intellectual disabilities. SUMMARY: The number of published studies investigating schizophrenia spectrum disorders in people with intellectual disabilities continues to increase slowly. The evidence base, however, needs to be strengthened, particularly by randomized controlled trials in pharmacotherapy, psychosocial interventions and service delivery. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Long-term use of atypical antipsychotics in bipolar disorder$$$ Bipolar disorder is a chronic disease that may require lifetime treatment. The maintenance therapy of bipolar disorder can be challenging for the treating clinician. Currently, according to the American Psychiatric Association (APA) guidelines, lithium, valproic acid, lamotrigine, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, and the antipsychotics are recommended for the maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder. The antipsychotics are recommended to be continued only if the clinician decides that they are necessary for the control of persistent psychosis or for prophylaxis against recurrence. Although the APA guidelines provide sufficient evidence for the use of these mood stabilizers, newer drugs such as the atypical antipsychotics are being investigated for use in the maintenance phase of treatment of bipolar disorder. ER  - 
Consensus document on European brain research$$$ Brain disease psychiatric and neurologic disease combined represents a considerable social and economic burden in Europe. Data collected by the World Health Organization (WHO) suggest that brain diseases are responsible for 35% of Europe's told disease burden. An analysis of all health economic studies of brain diseases in Europe, published by the European Brain Council (EBC) in June 2005, estimated the total cost of brain disease in Europe in 2004 to be €386 billion. That burden is set to grow, mainly due to the fact that the European population is ageing. Investment in brain sciences does not match that burden now, let alone in the future. Brain research received only 8% of the life science budget in the European Commission's Fifth Framework Programme, which represents less than 0.01% of the annual cost of brain disorders for that period. Over the bst decade, Europe has been losing ground to the USA and Japan in terms or both basic and clinical research. Many of Europe's young researchers are taking up posts in the USA and staying there. Big pharmaceutical companies are fleeing Europe for the USA, taking their drug development programmes with them. Research in the brain sciences now holds the promise of therapies that halt and even reverse neurodegeneration, of better diagnostic tools, neural prostheses for the paralysed and drugs for depression and anxiety that are tailored to the individual, thereby eliminating or reducing side effects. Our growing understanding of the normal brain could lead to better prevention of brain disease and to more effective teaching methods. The need for innovative treatments has never been greater, and Europe boasts clusters of excellent researchers in biotechnology who could collaborate with brain scientists and the pharmaceutical industry to realise this promise. But if Europe is to seize these opportunities and meet the challenge of brain disease, it needs to go forward on the basis of greater collaboration between countries, greater collaboration between industry, academia and patient organisations, and increased investment in the brain sciences. The EBC was formed in 2002 to bring together scientists, clinicians, the pharmaceutical industry, charities and patient organisations from all over Europe to campaign for these goals. It takes a novel, bottom-up approach to research policy, and in developing this consensus document, it aims to promote a greater and more focused effort in this area, to improve public understanding of the brain sciences and above all, to support brain research as a priority under the European Commission's Seventh Framework Programme (FP7, 2007-2013). The research programme outlined here was first conceived by the EBC board. An outline was sent to all member organisations and a number of individual experts for comments. Following that, a table of contents was developed. The 45 research themes were written by groups of experts from across Europe who represent a wide range of disciplines. Each one contains a proposal for future research on a specific brain-related theme which the EBC believes could form the basis of one or more integrated projects or strategic targeted research projects (STREP) funded under FP7. The EBC has deliberately focused on the major diseases and then described the basic research needed to understand and treat or perhaps even cure those diseases. The programme is therefore constructed "from man to molecule" and not the other way round, with equal importance attached to basic and clinical research. The EBC suggests that each of the proposed integrated projects or STREP should be awarded a budget in the order of €10 to 15 million. In addition, brain research should be treated as an important element of many other parts of FP7, such as the European Research Council and research programmes on information technology and the causes of violence. Any research programme that concerns human behaviour should, by definition, take account of brain research. The EBC envisages that the priority for brain research it proposes at the European level will translate into higher priority for brain research at the national level, and this document may also serve as a starting point for the development of national consensus programmes. It seems likely that consensus conferences on brain research in Europe may further develop the themes and ideas discussed here. An EBC task force may also be established to further the consensus process. In general, increasing funding in the brain sciences would bring enormous economic returns by lightening the burden on healthcare systems and increasing the productivity of affected individuals-and might easily pay for itself. The human and social returns of such an investment are inestimable. And the time to act is now. ER  - 
Effects of landiolol on hemodynamic response and seizure duration during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Purpose: This study was done to evaluate the effect of landiolol, an ultra-short-acting beta-blocker, on the hemodynamic response and the duration of seizure activity during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: We designed a prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, crossover study. Fourteen psychiatric patients participated. Landiolol (0.1mg·kg-1 or 0.2 mg·kg-1) or saline (placebo) was administered IV 1min before the induction of anesthesia. Unconsciousness was induced with propofol 1.0mg·kg-1 IV, and muscle paralysis was produced with succinylcholine 0.6mg·kg-1 IV. Subsequently, electrical stimulus was administered to elicit a seizure, and the duration of the motor seizure activity was noted. Results: The heart rate (HR) and rate-pressure product (RPP) before ECT were significantly decreased in the 0.2mg·kg-1 landiolol group compared with these parameters in the placebo and 0.1mg·kg-1 landiolol groups. Both the 0.1mg·kg-1 and 0.2mg·kg-1 doses significantly attenuated the degree of tachycardia and RPP after ECT in comparison with the placebo group. Pretreatment with 0.2mg·kg-1 landiolol resulted in a significantly shorter duration of motor seizure than that in the placebo group (21 ± 13s vs 27 ± 12s). Conclusion: As the landiolol dose of 0.2mg·kg-1 caused shorter seizure duration, and because the hemodynamic effects after ECT of the 0.1mg·kg-1 and 0.2mg·kg-1 doses were similar, it was concluded that a 0.1mg·kg-1 landiolol bolus was the appropriate dose pretreatment before ECT. © JSA 2006. ER  - 
Cholinesterase inhibitors: From weapons, to pesticides, to cognition enhancing drugs$$$ Chemistry, pharmacology and applications of compounds inhibiting enzymatic acetylcholine (ACh) degradation are reviewed. Acetylcholinesterase (AChE) and butyrylcholinesterase (BuChE), or non-specific cholinesterase, are members of the family of cholinesterase (ChE), the ACh degrading enzymes. ChE inhibitors (is) are compounds inhibiting reversibly or irreversibly enzymatic ACh breakdown. The first ChE-is were organophosphate derivatives, synthesized as neurotoxic agents. These compounds cause toxic accumulation of ACh at the central and autonomic nervous system level and induce several neurological and autonomic effects including ataxia, seizures, coma, and respiratory depression. This strong toxicity is the reason of their identification as warfare agents. The subsequent main use of ChE-is was as pesticides. ChEs are important enzymes needed for proper functioning of insect nervous system. Although ChE-is are intended for insect pests, in some situations they can be poisonous or toxic to humans. The most recent and promising use of AChE/BuChE-is was symptomatic treatment of cognitive dysfunction occurring in Alzheimer's disease (AD). Forebrain cholinergic system has a key role in learning and memory and AD is characterized by brain cholinergic impairment. AChE/BuChE-is are the first drugs approved for symptomatic treatment of cognitive deficits in AD. Besides cognitive relief induced in mild-to-moderate AD, increasing evidence suggests that ChE-is may interfere with the progression of the disease. If this hypothesis will be supported by ongoing studies, these compounds could become a disease-modifying strategy in the treatment of adult-onset dementia. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
The management of tumor lysis syndrome$$$ The manifestation of tumor lysis syndrome (TLS) occurs when the destruction of tumor cells releases breakdown products that overwhelm the excretory mechanisms of the body. A cardinal sign is hyperuricemia, leading to uric acid nephropathy. Other signs are hyperkalemia, hyperphosphatemia and secondary hypocalcemia. Conventional management of TLS consists of aggressive intravenous hydration, diuretic therapy, urinary alkalization, and inhibition of urate production by high-dose allopurinol. Urate oxidase has been used in the management of patients at risk for TLS and recently the recombinant urate oxidase rasburicase was developed. Several data indicate that rasburicase is effective and well tolerated in the prevention and treatment of chemotherapy-induced hyperuricemia. Treatment options of hyperkalemia include sodium polystyrene sulfonate, hypertonic glucose and insulin, loop diuretics, and bicarbonate. Treatment of hyperphosphatemia reduces dietary phosphate intake and includes phosphate binders such as aluminum hydroxide and aluminum carbonate. When recurrent hypocalcemia is present, a continuous intravenous infusion of calcium gluconate can be initiated. Hemodialysis should be considered for every patient with excessively elevated uric acid, phosphate and/or potassium and in those patients with acute renal failure to control urinary volume and manage uremia. ER  - 
Cognitive effects of lamotrigine compared with topiramate in patients with epilepsy$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the cognitive effects of lamotrigine vs topiramate as adjunctive therapy in adults with epilepsy. METHODS: A multicenter, double-blind, randomized, prospective study was conducted in adults with partial seizures. Lamotrigine or topiramate was introduced as an adjunctive therapy to carbamazepine or phenytoin and titrated over 8 weeks to target doses. These drugs were maintained another 8 weeks (maintenance phase) without dosage changes. The primary endpoint was change from screening to the end of the maintenance phase in a combined analysis of standardized measures of cognition (Controlled Oral Word Association Task [COWA]; Stroop Color-Word Interference; Digit Cancellation; Lafayette Grooved Pegboard, dominant hand; Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test, delayed recall; and Symbol-Digit Modalities test). RESULTS: For the primary endpoint, cognitive performance at the end of the maintenance phase was better with lamotrigine than with topiramate (415.3 vs 315.1; p < 0.001). On the individual cognitive tests, performance was better with lamotrigine than with topiramate in mean changes from screening on the COWA (p < 0.001), Stroop Color-Word Interference (p = 0.038), and Symbol-Digit Modalities tests (p < 0.001). The treatment effect exceeded the minimum clinically important difference for the COWA and the Symbol-Digit Modalities test. Mean changes from screening in the Performance-On-Line test simulating driving skills reflected better performance with lamotrigine than with topiramate (p = 0.021). The median percentage change from baseline in seizure frequency was lower with lamotrigine than with topiramate during the escalation phase (-80% vs -100%; p = 0.028) but not during the maintenance phase (-75% vs -100%; p = 0.062). The frequencies of cognitive adverse events and of premature withdrawals related to cognitive decline were higher with topiramate than with lamotrigine (6% vs 0%; p = 0.013). CONCLUSION: Lamotrigine had significantly less impact than topiramate on measures of cognition when used as adjunctive therapy for partial seizures. Copyright © 2006 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Neuropathic pain: A practical guide for the clinician$$$ Neuropathic pain, caused by various central and peripheral nerve disorders, is especially problematic because of its severity, chronicity and resistance to simple analgesics. The condition affects 2%-3% of the population, is costly to the health care system and is personally devastating to the people who experience it. The diagnosis of neuropathic pain is based primarily on history (e.g., underlying disorder and distinct pain qualities) and the findings on physical examination (e.g., pattern of sensory disturbance); however, several tests may sometimes be helpful. Important pathophysiologic mechanisms include sodium- and calcium-channel upregulation, spinal hyperexcitability, descending facilitation and aberrant sympathetic-somatic nervous system interactions. Treatments are generally palliative and include conservative non-pharmacologic therapies, drugs and more invasive interventions (e.g., spinal cord stimulation). Individualizing treatment requires consideration of the functional impact of the neuropathic pain (e.g., depression, disability) as well as ongoing evaluation, patient education, reassurance and specialty referral. We propose a primary care algorithm for treatments with the most favourable risk-benefit profile, including topical lidocaine, gabapentin, pregabalin, tricyclic antidepressants, mixed serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, tramadol and opioids. The field of neuropathic pain research and treatment is in the early stages of development, with many unmet goals. In coming years, several advances are expected in the basic and clinical sciences of neuropathic pain, which will provide new and improved therapies for patients who continue to experience this disabling condition. © 2006 CMA Media Inc. ER  - 
Opioids in pain management of blood-related malignancies$$$ Opioids are basic analgesics used in the treatment of moderate to severe pain in patients affected by blood-related malignancies. They should be sequentially administered according to the World Health Organisation scale for cancer pain. Initial treatment and titration with opioids should be based on immediate-release preparations, to be administered at appropriate intervals in order to relieve pain and to satisfy the individual opioid requirement. Once a relatively good pain control has been achieved, a slow release formulation at equivalent doses can be given. Most patients can be adequately managed using oral formulation opioids. However, a small group, such as those presenting severe mucositis or requiring a rapid pain relief, should be managed by intravenous continuous infusion and/or by a patient-controlled analgesia system; while for patients in the community, there are distinct advantages to using the subcutaneous route. Other available routes of administration for opioids, can be used in selected circumstances, including rectal, transdermal, epidural, intrathecal and intramuscular. The invasive neuraxial route has a very limited role in patients with haematological malignancies, given the high risk of infection and bleeding. Through a close observation and a careful management, opioid-related side effects can be effectively prevented and treated. This article reviews the principles of opioid therapy and how opioids can be adapted for patients with pain due to haematological malignancies. © Springer-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
Obsessive-compulsive disorder in Tourette syndrome$$$ Several lines of evidence suggest a meaningful association between obsessive-compulsive disorder and Tourette syndrome, including comorbidity, phenomenologic overlap, evidence from family and genetic studies, and the possible role of basal ganglia circuitry in both conditions. Obsessive-compulsive behaviors occur frequently in patients who have Tourette syndrome and tend to have a later onset than tics. Despite commonalities, the approaches to treating tics and obsessive-compulsive symptoms are actually quite distinct. A specialized form of cognitive behavior therapy and pharmacotherapy with a potent serotonin reuptake inhibitor are the two established first-line therapies for obsessive-compulsive disorder. An adequate trial of a serotonin reuptake inhibitor is 10 to 12 weeks in duration at doses near the upper end of the recommended range for age and weight. Cases of obsessive-compulsive disorder that do not sufficiently improve with serotonin reuptake inhibitors might benefit from adjunctive low-dose antipsychotic (eg, risperidone) medication whether or not tics are present. Warnings about an increased risk of suicidality among children and adolescents taking antidepressants for pediatric depression extend to those taking the medications for obsessive-compulsive disorder, but the risk-to-benefit ratio is more favorable in this latter population because several serotonin reuptake inibitors have been shown to be efficacious in obsessive-compulsive disorder. ER  - 
Alcohol-related seizures$$$ Alcohol-related seizures are defined as adult-onset seizures that occur in the setting of chronic alcohol dependence. Alcohol withdrawal is the cause of seizures in a subgroup of these patients; however, concurrent risk factors including pre-existing epilepsy, structural brain lesions, and the use of illicit drugs contribute to the development of seizures in many patients. New onset or a new pattern of alcohol-related seizures, e.g., focal seizures or status epilepticus, should prompt a thorough diagnostic evaluation. This is not indicated if patients have previously completed a comprehensive evaluation and the pattern of current seizures is consistent with past events. Treatment is initially directed at aggressively terminating current seizure activity. This should be followed by prevention of recurrent alcohol-related seizures and progression to status epilepticus during the ensuing 6-h high-risk period. Our purpose is to present recommendations for the diagnostic evaluation, treatment and disposition of these patients based on the current literature. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Post-stroke epilepsy$$$ Seizures can occur at stroke onset, early in its course or as a remote complication. Certain types of stroke are associated with an increased risk of seizures, namely hemorrhagic strokes, large and disabling ischemic strokes and those with cortical lesions. Seizures recur (post-stroke epilepsy) more commonly in patients who experienced early seizures, and in those with severe strokes, cortical infarctions and lobar hemorrhages. Seizures and status epilepticus can cause death in the acute phase, but they do not have a independent influence in long-term functional outcome. There is limited evidence concerning the optimal treatment options for post-stroke seizures, namely which antiepileptics should be used, or when treatment should begin or end. Phenytoin, carbamazepine and valproate are possible choices. New antiepileptic drugs can be used in patients who do not tolerate classic antiepileptic drugs and in those who fail treatment. © 2006 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Opioid analgesics for persistent pain in the older patient$$$ Naturally occurring opioids have been used as analgesics for thousands of years. From these, semisynthetic and synthetic derivatives have emerged in the search for the 'perfect' opioid analgesic, without success. Weak opioid analgesics include codeine and propoxyphene, intermediate-strength opioid analgesics include the agonist-antagonists (e.g., pentazocine and butorphanol) and the partial agonist buprenorphine and the strong opioid analgesics include morphine, oxycodone, oxymorphone, hydrocodone, hydromorphone, fentanyl and meperidine. Propoxyphene, meperidine, agonist- antagonists and partial agonists should be avoided in most elderly patients owing to their unfavorable risk-benefit profiles. The other opioids can be recommended for use in the elderly and appear to be interchangeable (in equianalgesic doses) based upon similar efficacy and tolerability profiles. The aging process alters the pharmacokinetics of nearly all opioid analgesics, mainly due to alternations in the activity of excretory pathways (liver and kidneys). The need for frequent dosing of these drugs, due to their short terminal disposition half-lives, can be largely overcome by using oral or transdermal extended-release formulations that allow dosing as infrequently as every 3 days. Opioid side effects can be anticipated and, in virtually all cases, either tolerance develops or pre-emptive therapy can prevent the emergence of or minimize the impact of the side effect (e.g., laxative therapy prevents constipation). Opioid analgesics are effective for virtually all types of pain, including neuropathic pain (where chronic opioid therapy works, while 'as-needed' therapy does not). This review summarizes the evidence for and against the use of individual opioid analgesics in the elderly. This, in turn, should promote the safe and effective use of the preferred opioid analgesics in this patient population. © 2006 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Childhood-onset schizophrenia: A double-blind, randomized clozapine-olanzapine comparison$$$ Background: Childhood-onset schizophrenia is a rare but severe form of the disorder that is frequently treatment resistant. The psychiatrist has a limited evidence base to guide treatment, particularly as there are no trials in children comparing atypical antipsychotics, the main-stay of current treatment. Objective: To compare the efficacy and safety of olanzapine and clozapine, hypothesizing that clozapine would be more efficacious. Design: Double-blind randomized 8-week controlled trial, with a 2-year open-label follow-up. Setting: National Institute of Mental Health study, January 1998 to June 2005. Patients underwent reassessment 2 years after discharge. Patients: Children and adolescents recruited nationally, aged 7 to 16 years, meeting unmodified DSM-IV criteria for schizophrenia, and resistant to treatment with at least 2 antipsychotics. Interventions: After drug washout and a 1- to 3-week antipsychotic-free period, patients were randomized to treatment with clozapine (n=12) or olanzapine (n=13). Main Outcome Measures: The Clinical Global Impression Severity of Symptoms Scale and Schedule for the Assessment of Negative/Positive Symptoms. Results: Clozapine was associated with a significant reduction in all outcome measures, whereas olanzapine showed a less consistent profile of clinical improvement. While there were moderate to large differential treatment effects in favor of clozapine, these reached significance only in the alleviation of negative symptoms from an antipsychotic-free baseline (P=.04; effect size, 0.89). Clozapine was associated with more overall adverse events. At 2-year follow-up, 15 patients were receiving clozapine with evidence of sustained clinical improvement, but additional adverse events emerged, including lipid anomalies (n=6) and seizures (n=1). Conclusions: While not demonstrating definitively the superiority of clozapine compared with olanzapine in treatment-refractory childhood-onset schizophrenia, the study suggests that clozapine has a more favorable profile of clinical response, which is balanced against more associated adverse events. ©2006 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cognitive deficits and psychosis in Parkinson's disease: A review of pathophysiology and therapeutic options$$$ Parkinson's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder causing not only motor dysfunction but also cognitive, psychiatric, autonomic and sensory disturbances. Symptoms of dementia and psychosis are common: longitudinal studies suggest that up to 75% of patients with Parkinson's disease may eventually develop dementia, and the prevalence of hallucinations ranges from 16-17% in population-based surveys to 30-40% in hospital-based series. These cognitive and behavioural features are important in terms of prognosis, nursing home placement and mortality. The pattern of cognitive deficits in Parkinson's disease is variable, but often includes executive impairment similar to that seen in patients with frontal lesions, as well as episodic memory impairment, visuospatial dysfunction and impaired verbal fluency. The most common manifestation of psychosis in Parkinson's disease is visual hallucinations, but delusions, paranoid beliefs, agitation and florid psychosis can also occur. An understanding of the pathophysiology underlying these symptoms is essential to the development of targeted therapeutic strategies. Post-mortem studies suggest an association between Lewy body deposition and dementia in Parkinson's disease, and indeed Parkinson's disease and dementia with Lewy bodies may form part of the same disease spectrum. Whether Lewy bodies actually play a causative role in cognitive dysfunction, however, is unknown. Deficits in neurotransmitter systems provide more obvious therapeutic targets and dysfunction of dopaminergic, cholinergic, noradrenergic and serotonergic systems have all been implicated; these may each underlie different features of Parkinson's disease dementia, perhaps explaining some of the heterogeneity of the syndrome. Psychosis has traditionally been considered as a dopaminergic drug-induced phenomenon, but factors intrinsic to the disease process itself also cause hallucinations and delusions. These factors may include Lewy body deposition in the limbic system, cholinergic deficits and impairments of primary visual processing. Therapeutic intervention for cognitive and behavioural symptoms in Parkinson's disease currently focuses on two main groups of drugs: cholinesterase inhibitors and atypical antipsychotics. A recent large, randomised, controlled trial suggests that cholinesterase inhibitors can produce a modest improvement in cognitive function, as well as psychotic symptoms, generally without an adverse effect on motor function. Certain atypical antipsychotics allow hallucinations, delusions and behavioural problems to be brought under control with minimal deleterious effects on motor function and cognition, but their safety in elderly patients has recently been called into question. Deep brain stimulation does not appear to be a useful treatment for cognitive and psychiatric dysfunction in patients with Parkinson's disease. Modafinil improves alertness in Parkinson's disease and warrants further investigation to establish its effects on cognitive performance. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
VNS therapy in treatment-resistant depression: Clinical evidence and putative neurobiological mechanisms$$$ Currently available therapeutic interventions for treatment-resistant depression, including switch, combination, and augmentation strategies, are less than ideal. Observations of mood elevation during vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) therapy for pharmacoresistant epilepsy suggested a role for VNS therapy in refractory major depression and prompted clinical investigation of this neurostimulation modality. The VNS Therapy System™ has been available for treatment of pharmacoresistant epilepsy since 1997 and was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for treatment-resistant depression in July, 2005. The physiology of the vagus nerve, mechanics of the VNS Therapy System™, and efficacy and safety in pharmacoresistant epilepsy are reviewed. Promising results of VNS therapy for treatment-resistant depression have been forthcoming from both acute and long-term studies, evidenced in part by progressive improvements in depression rating scale scores during the 1st year of treatment with maintenance of response thereafter. VNS therapy is well tolerated in patients with either pharmacoresistant epilepsy or treatment-resistant depression. As in epilepsy, the mechanisms of VNS therapy of treatment-resistant depression are incompletely understood. However, evidence from neuroimaging and other studies suggests that VNS therapy acts via innervation of the nucleus tractus solitarius, with secondary projections to limbic and cortical structures that are involved in mood regulation, including brainstem regions that contain serotonergic (raphe nucleus) and noradrenergic (locus ceruleus) perikarya that project to the forebrain. Mechanisms that mediate the beneficial effects of VNS therapy for treatment-resistant depression remain obscure. Suggestions for future research directions are described. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Olanzapine: A 5-year perspective$$$ Olanzapine is a novel antipsychotic, approved for the acute and maintenance treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar I disorder. Despite the publicity regarding reported adverse events with the novel antipsychotics, such as weight gain and Type II diabetes mellitus, olanzapine remains a useful and important medicine. It is a selective monoaminergic antagonist with high-affinity binding to a number of receptors thought to be implicated in some psychotic and mood symptoms. The complex pharmacology of olanzapine has lead to studies exploring its use in treating substance abuse, aggression/violence, borderline personality disorder, schizotypal personality disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder and as a neuroprotective agent in schizophrenia. As the pharmacology of olanzapine and other novel antipsychotics becomes better understood, future effective treatment strategies are likely to match an individual's genetic makeup and receptor profiles to the most compatible agent. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Depression and multiple sclerosis: Review of a lethal combination$$$ Depression is the most frequent psychiatric disorder in multiple sclerosis (MS) patients. The etiology of depression is multifactorial and likely associated with psychosocial stress, focal demyelinating lesions, and immune dysfunction. Proper diagnosis and severity assessment are critical prior to initiation of therapy. Patients with suicidal ideation should be referred for immediate psychiatric consultation and be closely monitored. While more therapeutic trials for depression in MS are needed, MS patients have been shown to respond to current antidepressant medications and psychotherapy. Unfortunately, patients with MS and major depression or suicidal thoughts are often underassessed and therefore not diagnosed. Unlike other aspects of MS, depression is treatable. Early intervention in depression can prevent declines in quality of life and even death from suicide. This article reviews the unique features, assessment, and treatment of depression in MS. MS care providers should vigilantly assess depression and suicide risk in their patients. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy in New Zealand: Terrifying or electrifying?$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is viewed by many patients as a 'terrifying' treatment. A petition to ban ECT presented to the House of Representatives in 1999 resulted in the commissioning of a comprehensive review of efficacy and safety of the treatment in New Zealand as well as a requirement for the Ministry of Health (MOH) to collect annual statistics on ECT use. Although the systematic review found that ECT was a safe and effective treatment for depression and some other serious mental illnesses, it still attracted adverse comments from opponents. Almost immediately following its publication, another petition was presented to Parliament, this time requesting that ECT be banned for young people, pregnant women, and older people. Compared to similar countries, New Zealand has a low rate of use for ECT, overall, with wide regional variance. There are many misconceptions about ECT in New Zealand that are not in keeping with current standards of practice and may be limiting its use in some areas. However, access to resources for the treatment of depression may be a major limiting factor. 'Electrifying' new research emanating from neurobiological and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) studies is challenging traditional notions of depression, and is providing more explanations on how ECT and other antidepressant treatments might work. These new findings demonstrate that cognitive deficits and structural brain changes play important toles in serious depression and suggest that early and adequate treatment of major depression should be paramount. © NZMA. ER  - 
Mood Disorders and Epilepsy Surgery: Lightening the Burden in More Ways than One?$$$ Changes in Depression and Anxiety after Resective Surgery for Epilepsy Devinsky O, Barr WB, Vickrey BG, Berg AT, Bazil CW, Pacia SV, Langfitt JT, Walczak TS, Sperling MR, Shinnar S, Spencer SS Neurology 2005;65(11):1744–1749 Objective: To determine changes in depression and anxiety after resective surgery. Methods: Data from subjects enrolled in a prospective multicenter study of resective epilepsy surgery were reviewed with the Beck Psychiatric Symptoms Scales (Beck depression inventory [BDI] and Beck anxiety inventory [BAI]) and Composite International Diagnostic Interview (CIDI) up to a 24-month period. χ2 analyses were used to correlate proportions. Results: A total of 358 presurgical BDI and 360 BAI results were reviewed. Moderate and severe levels of depression were reported in 22.1% of patients, and similar levels of anxiety were reported by 24.7%. Postoperative rates of depression and anxiety declined at the 3-, 12-, and 24-month follow-up periods. At the 24-month follow-up, moderate to severe levels of depression symptoms were reported in 17.6% and 14.7% of the patients who continued to have postoperative seizures. Moderate to severe depression and anxiety were found in 8.2% of those who were seizure-free. There was no relationship, prior to surgery, between the presence or absence of depression and anxiety and the laterality or location of the seizure onset. There were no significant relationships between depression or anxiety at 24-month follow-up and the laterality or location of the surgery. Conclusions: Depression and anxiety in patients with refractory epilepsy significantly improve after epilepsy surgery, especially in those who are seizure-free. Neither the lateralization nor the localization of the seizure focus or surgery was associated with the risk of affective symptoms at baseline or after surgery. ER  - 
Fatigue and multiple sclerosis$$$ Even if the definition and pathophysiology of fatigue in multiple sclerosis (MS) are still debated, and despite the scarcity of objective markers correlated with the subjective sensation of fatigue, a review of the literature shows the importance of its detection and management, and allows one to propose therapeutic strategies. Fatigue is not only the most frequently reported symptom in MS, but also a frequent source of activity and participation limitations, psychological distress, and impairment of quality of life. Its management, which must be initiated early, is based on a comprehensive evaluation of its characteristics and consequences (sometimes with the use of scales such as the Fatigue Severity Scale and the Modified Fatigue Impact Scale), and on the identification of many potential contributing factors (psychological disorders, sleep disturbances, pain, infections and other comorbidities, medications, and deconditioning). Rehabilitative interventions are essential to the treatment of fatigue. Beyond the traditional energy conservation strategies and cooling techniques, several randomized controlled studies have demonstrated the positive impact of aerobic exercise. Medications are partially beneficial, and with the exception of amantadine, their efficacy has not been confirmed by randomized double-blind trials. © 2006 Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antidepressant use in ambulatory cancer patients$$$ Antidepressants are among the most commonly used medications, and they are frequently prescribed for cancer patients. Several dozen antidepressants are available, and they work through at least seven distinct mechanisms. These agents are used primarily to treat depressive and anxiety symptoms and have proven efficacy in treating hot flashes and as adjuvant analgesics. Side effects and drug interactions are frequent with these agents, and proper assessment and monitoring are crucial. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Transient splenium lesions in presurgical epilepsy patients: Incidence and pathogenesis$$$ Introduction: Transient splenium corporis callosi (SCC) lesions are related to rapid reduction of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). The range of substances with predilection for SCC changes, their pathophysiology and their occurrence are still unknown. Methods: In a prospective 2-year study an epilepsy-dedicated MRI protocol supplemented by DWI and ADC maps was performed after AED withdrawal for diagnostic seizure provocation in all patients with pharmacoresistant seizures locally admitted to the Department of Epileptology. Results: Of 891 presurgical epilepsy patients, 6 (0.7%) had SCC lesions with cytotoxic edema on DWI. Carbamazepine combined with other AEDs was administered in five of those patients. In the study period we observed identical lesions in a schizophrenic patient treated with olanzapine and citalopram, in a patient with oropharyngeal carcinoma treated with alkylating agents, and in a hypernatremic patient following neurohypophyseal granular cell tumor surgery. Conclusion: Transient SCC lesions are related to rapid AED reduction but may occur in similar conditions with fluid balance alterations. We contribute further clinical data in this field to better classify the pharmaceuticals that are prone to the described cerebral cytotoxic side effects in the SCC and to clarify their incidence among presurgical epilepsy patients. © Springer-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
Pharmacological management of Huntington's disease: An evidence-based review$$$ Introduction: Despite the increasing body of published reports on pharmacological interventions in Huntington's disease (HD), an evidence based review (EBR) of treatment studies has not yet been published. Method: Systematic literature searches were done using Medline (1965 - August 2005), the central database in the Cochrane Library (1969 - August 2005), and reference lists published in review articles and other clinical reports. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were classified as level-I-studies in this paper. Level-II evidence was assigned to non-randomized, controlled clinical studies. Level-III-studies comprised open label trials excluding case reports. Measures of efficacy as well as safety and tolerability were considered for each compound. Results: We identified 218 publications on pharmacological interventions in HD since 1965. Among them were 20 level-I, 55 level-II, 54 level-III trials, and 89 case reports. All these papers are listed and analyzed. Chorea was the primary end point in all level-I and level-II symptomatic intervention trials. There is some evidence for treating chorea with haloperidol or fluphenazine, and less evidence for olanzapine. These three drugs have been considered "possibly useful" for the treatment of chorea in this analysis. Other substances (e.g. amantadine, riluzole, and tetrabenazine) are considered "investigational" for chorea. There is very low evidence for the treatment of other problems: "possibly useful" drugs are L-dopa and pramipexole for rigidity; amitryptiline and mirtazapine for depression; risperidone for psychosis; and olanzapine, haloperidol, and buspirone for behavioral symptoms in HD. Three substances are considered "investigational" for possible neuroprotection: coenzyme Q10, minocycline, and unsaturated fatty acids. Conclusion: There is poor evidence in management of HD today. The analysis of the twenty level-I studies fails to result in any treatment recommendation of clinical relevance. High-quality RCT are highly warranted to advance HD treatment in clinical practice. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Astrocyte-neuron signaling in the brain - Implications for disease$$$ Studies have demonstrated the existence of bidirectional communication between astrocytes and neurons. Beside the active role of astrocytes in the physiology of the nervous system, recent findings indicate the direct participation of astrocytes in the pathogenesis of some nervous system dysfunctions. In addition to the well-known pathological consequences of disturbances to astrocytes in brain homeostasis, it is recognized that the uncontrolled function or disruption of mechanisms involved in astrocyte-neuron signaling may result in the occurrence of brain diseases. Therefore, astrocytes may be considered as appropriate cellular targets to direct therapeutic approaches for the treatment of several brain diseases. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Vinorelbine combined with a protracted course of temozolomide for recurrent brain Metastases: A phase I trial$$$ Temozolomide (TMZ) has shown modest efficacy in the treatment of recurrent brain metastasis (BM). We designed a new regimen utilizing dose-intensified, protracted course of TMZ in combination with vinorelbine, a lipophilic large-spectrum agent, in an attempt to improve the efficacy of TMZ. This phase I study was conducted to establish the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of vinorelbine for this combination. Patients with recurrent or progressive BM were eligible. Chemotherapy consisted of 28-day cycles with TMZ (150 mg/m2, days 1-7 and 15-21) and vinorelbine (days one and eight at escalating doses). The starting dose was 15 mg/m2, with increments of 5 mg/m2 for each cohort of 3-6 patients, until MTD was reached (30 mg/m2). A total of 21 patients were enrolled; the median age was 59 (41-77). The primary tumor was lung cancer in 13 patients (NSCLC in 10, SCLC in 3), breast in 6, renal in 1 and endometrial in 1. Vinorelbine dose was 15 mg/m2 in seven patients, 20 mg/m2 in five, 25 mg/m2 in four and 30 mg/m2 in six. Grades 3 and 4 neutropenia developed in six patients, lymphopenia in nine, and thrombocytopenia in six; other toxicities were rare. No dose-limiting toxicity was seen. Out of 18 evaluable patients 2 had a radiographic response (one partial and one minor). Disease was stable in 6 of 18 patients and the median survival was 27 weeks. This regimen was well tolerated and a phase II trial using a dose of 30 mg/m2 of vinorelbine is warranted. © Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. 2006. ER  - 
A phase II study of carboplatin and chronic high-dose tamoxifen in patients with recurrent malignant glioma$$$ Purpose: To determine the response rate, time to disease progression, survival, and toxicity of intravenous carboplatin and chronic oral high-dose tamoxifen in patients with recurrent malignant gliomas. Patients and methods: Patients with histological confirmation of recurrent malignant gliomas were eligible for this multicenter phase II trial. Treatment consisted of 400 mg/m2 carboplatin intravenously every 4 weeks and oral high dose chronic tamoxifen (80 mg bid in women and 100 mg bid in men). Results: Twenty seven patients met the eligibility criteria and were evaluable for response. The histological subtypes were: 16 (59%) glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), malignant astrocytoma (5 patients), malignant mixed glioma (5 patients), and glioblastoma/gliosarcoma (1 patient). Twenty-two patients (82%) had an ECOG performance status of 0 or 1. No complete responses were observed, 4 patients (15%) achieved a partial response, and 14 patients (52%) had stable disease. Median time to progression was 3.65 months (95%CI 2.56, 4.83). Median overall survival was 14.09 months (95%CI 7.06, 19.91). One patient with a recurrent GBM had a sustained partial response and is progression free 81 months since starting treatment. Another patient with mixed malignant oligoastrocytoma also had a prolonged partial response (lasting 63 months) and is alive 84 months after treatment for recurrence. The most frequently reported grade 3 or 4 toxicities were fatigue (19%), nausea (11%) and anorexia (11%). Conclusions: Carboplatin and high dose tamoxifen has similar response rates to other regimens for recurrent malignant gliomas and are probably equivalent to those found using tamoxifen as monotherapy. Long-lasting periods of disease free survival in some patients (particularly those with malignant mixed oligo astrocytomas) were found. © Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. 2006. ER  - 
Long-term atomoxetine treatment in adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ Objective: To determine the efficacy and safety of atomoxetine in adolescent subjects treated for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) for up to 2 years. Study design: Data from 13 atomoxetine studies (6 double-blind, 7 open-label) were pooled for subjects age 12 to 18 with ADHD as defined by the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders IV. Results: Of the 601 atomoxetine-treated subjects in this meta-analysis, 537 (89.4%) completed 3 months of acute treatment. A total of 259 subjects (48.4%) are continuing atomoxetine treatment; 219 of these subjects have completed at least 2 years of treatment. The mean dose of atomoxetine at endpoint was 1.41 mg/kg/day. Mean ADHD Rating Scale IV, parent version, investigator-administered and -scored total scores showed significant improvement (P < .001) over the first 3 months. Symptoms remained improved up to 24 months without dosage escalation. During the 2-year treatment period, 99 (16.5%) subjects discontinued treatment due to lack of effectiveness, and 31 (5.2%) subjects discontinued treatment due to adverse events. No clinically significant abnormalities in height, weight, blood pressure, pulse, mean laboratory values, or electrocardiography parameters were found. Conclusions: Two-year data from this ongoing study indicate that atomoxetine maintains efficacy among adolescents with ADHD, with no evidence of drug tolerance and no new or unexpected safety concerns. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmaceutical approval update$$$ The author reviews Gardasil, the first vaccine against human papillomavirus (types 6, 11, 16, 18), intended to prevent cervical cancer, precancerous cervical lesions, and genital warts; extended-release bupropion (Wellbutrin XL) for Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD); and varenicline (Chantix), an aid in smoking cessation. ER  - 
Nelarabine use in leukemias$$$ Drug discovery and development over the past 60 years has played a central role in the continuous improvement in survival rates of patients undergoing treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia. It has recently been suggested that in children and adolescents diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia, an overall cure rate of 90% may be achieved (1, 2). Cure rates in adults, typically less than 40%, are considerably lower than in the younger populations, even in the face of currently prescribed optimal drug therapy and supportive care (3-5). The search for more effective and safer antileukemia therapy continues to identify agents and combinations of agents that have activity against specific types of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (1). This review presents a new compound, nelarabine, that has shown efficacy in treating patients with T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia or T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma. © 2006 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy for the treatment of aggressive behavior in general adult psychiatry: A systematic review$$$ Objective: To systematically review the evidence for pharmacologic management of outwardly directed aggressive behavior in general adult psychiatry. Data Sources: Literature searches in PubMed, EMBASE, PsycINFO, and Cochrane libraries from 1966 through March 2005 were used to identify relevant studies. The keywords aggression, violence, anger, and hostility combined with drug therapy, psychotropic drugs, adrenergic β-antagonists, anticonvulsants, anti-depressants, antipsychotic agents, benzodiazepines, and lithium were searched. Furthermore, the retrieved publications were searched for additional references. Study Selection: All randomized controlled trials addressing pharmacotherapy for aggression or aggression-related symptoms were included, except studies addressing the "emergency situation" and studies conducted in specialized psychiatric or non-psychiatric settings. Data Extraction: Evidence synthesis was performed using the "best-evidence principle." Two authors independently adjudicated methodological quality and generalizability to daily clinical practice. Data Synthesis: Thirty-five randomized controlled trials met the inclusion criteria and were evaluated. On the basis of a best-evidence synthesis model, weak evidence for antiaggressive effects of antipsychotics, anti-depressants, anticonvulsants, and β-adrenergic-blocking drugs was found. Atypical antipsychotics appeared superior to typical antipsychotics. The use of various outcome measures and insufficient data reporting in the individual studies hampered the quantitative assessment of efficacy across studies. Further limitations of the available randomized controlled trials included small sample sizes, short study duration, and poor generalizability to daily clinical practice setting. Conclusions: Whereas pharmacotherapy is frequently applied in aggressive patients, only weak evidence of efficacy of various drug classes was found. Consensus about the use of aggression measurement scales in clinical trials is necessary for future research. Furthermore, large-scale trials with more naturalistic designs, as opposed to classical randomized controlled trials with strict inclusion and exclusion criteria, may be advisable in order to obtain results that are more generalizable to daily clinical practice. ER  - 
Drug therapy for dementia - Affecting more than just the mind$$$ Pharmacologic agents used for dementia and its associated symptoms are effective for many patients; however, each medication is capable of causing a variety of adverse effects that may hinder the individual from reaching physical goals. Adverse drug events can manifest physically as gait disturbances or tremors, whereas cognitive effects may present as sedation or confusion. Therapists and rehabilitation specialists are in optimal positions to recognize sometimes subtle physical and cognitive changes resulting from a drug-related adverse event. Early identification of adverse events allows the healthcare team to promptly address these issues, so patients may progress with the best treatment possible. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Healthcare issues for children on the autism spectrum$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: We provide a summary of issues relevant to healthcare and health delivery in autism and related disorders, with a focus on work published in the past 5 years. RECENT FINDINGS: Autism has a strong genetic basis as evidenced by the high recurrence rate in families and its associations with Fragile X syndrome and tuberous sclerosis. Early diagnosis of autism is important, given the potential for improvement with intervention. Although its associations have been reported with events such as measles-mumps-rubella immunization, large-scale studies have not supported such links. Controlled drug trials have increased in frequency and drug treatment may be helpful in addressing frequently associated behavioural and emotional difficulties. Alternative treatments are frequently preferred by parents. SUMMARY: Knowledge of autism among healthcare professionals has increased but gaps remain. Physicians and other professionals can facilitate the delivery of healthcare services to individuals with autism. Awareness of empirically validated treatments will facilitate work with individuals with autism and related disorders as well as with their families. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Effects of asthma treatment: The present and future$$$ The increasing burden of asthma in both primary and secondary care has led to extensive research into its genetics, pathophysiology and treatment over the past few decades. Inhaled corticosteroids remain an integral component in all but the mildest disease, although despite a low-to-moderate dose, many individuals remain symptomatic. In patients with persistent symptoms despite inhaled corticosteroids, a variety of different nonsteroidal second-line therapies are available as add-on therapy. In this review, existing and potential future pharmacological strategies involved in the management of asthma will be highlighted. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Madness and the moon: The lunar cycle and psychopathology$$$ Historically, then has been a perceived association between the moon and human biology and behaviour that can be traced back to at least Roman times. The idea that the moon can in some way influence human biology or behaviour is a phenomena that has now come to known as the "Transylvanian effect" in the academic literature. Many mental health professionals continue to hold the belief that lunar cyles can alter human behaviour despite contradictory evidence, but may also be due to personal, ethical, aesthetic, and intuitive ways of knowing. However, studies that have reported positive findings have been shown to be methodologically flawed, inconclusive, or confounded witb other variables. Contrary to this belief in a Transylvanian effect are more recent studies refuting any association, relationship, or correlation between lunar cycles and human biology or behaviour. The vast majority of research relating to this phenomenon has been carried out retrospectively utilising secondary data. ER  - 
A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of oxcarbazepine in the treatment of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents$$$ Objective: This multicenter trial examined the efficacy and safety of oxcarbazepine in the treatment of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents. Method: A total of 116 outpatients 7 to 18 years of age with bipolar I disorder, manic or mixed, were recruited at 20 centers in the United States and randomly assigned to receive 7 weeks of double-blinded, flexibly dosed treatment with oxcarbazepine (maximum dose 900-2400 mg/day) or placebo. The primary efficacy measure was the mean change from baseline to endpoint in the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS), using the last-observation-carried-forward method. Results: Oxcarbazepine (mean dose= 1515 mg/day) did not significantly improve YMRS scores at endpoint compared with placebo [adjusted mean change: oxcarbazepine, -10.90 (N=55); placebo, -9.79 (N=55)]. Dizziness, nausea, somnolence, diplopia, fatigue, and rash were each reported in at least 5% of the patients in the oxcarbazepine group with an incidence at least twice that of the placebo group. The majority of adverse events were mild to moderate and occurred during the titration period. Eleven patients (19%) in the oxcarbazepine group discontinued the study because of adverse events, compared with two (4%) in the placebo group. Conclusions: Oxcarbazepine is not significantly superior to placebo in the treatment of bipolar disorder in youths. While the overall adverse event profile was similar to that reported for patients with epilepsy, the incidence of psychiatric adverse events for both the oxcarbazepine and placebo groups was higher than that reported for the epilepsy population. ER  - 
Practical considerations for carbamazepine use in bipolar disorder$$$ Carbamazepine (CBZ) has a long history of successful use in epilepsy and, therefore, has a safety profile that is well characterised. Additionally, an extended-release formulation of CBZ (CBZ-ERC; Equetro™, Shire US) has recently been approved for use in bipolar disorder. The most frequent adverse events associated with CBZ are somnolence, fatigue, dizziness and headache. Rash and leukopoenia may occur in - 10% of patients, but are benign and transient in most cases. Rare serious adverse effects include agranulocytosis, aplastic anaemia, Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis. Although changes in lipid profiles have been noted, hyperglycaemia does not occur with CBZ, and clinically significant weight gain is uncommon. Proper monitoring and careful titration of the extended-release formulation should allow for successful use of CBZ in psychiatric patients. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Folic acid and cognition in older persons$$$ Folic acid supplementation has drawn much attention in recent years for the prevention of Alzheimer's disease and cognitive decline. In this review, the authors describe how current evidence does not support the use of folic acid supplements to protect against cognitive decline. Although a few studies suggest that folic acid supplementation may provide neuroprotection among persons who are folate deficient, there is also data to indicate that supplementation in persons without folate deficiency may pose a risk to neurological function. Vitamin B12 deficiency is common in old age and may not be easy to recognise. Folic acid supplementation may mask the anaemia associated with vitamin B12 deficiency and, therefore, may delay treatment while allowing progression of neurological symptoms. Whether or not folic acid supplementation exacerbates neurological symptoms of vitamin B12 deficiency is not clear. Further studies are needed to determine the possible risks and benefits of folic acid supplementation in older persons. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Chemotherapy and cognition: Effects, potential mechanisms, and management$$$ The development of novel chemotherapeutic agents and advances in treatment technique have improved survival for patients diagnosed with some forms of cancer, but treatments are not always site specific and may place normal tissues at risk. The central nervous system (CNS) is susceptible to treatment effects and complaints of memory loss and generalized cognitive decline are common among cancer patients. Despite the frequency of subjective patient complaints, studies evaluating the cognitive abilities of patients have inconsistently reported chemotherapy-related declines. On careful review of the literature, discrepant findings across studies (some documenting chemotherapy-related cognitive declines and others failing to detect such changes) may be attributed to differences in methodology. Most studies have been retrospective in design, omit pretreatment assessment of function, use small or heterogeneous samples, use inappropriate measures to assess cognition, and fail to incorporate control subjects. Though rare to date, prospective, randomized, longitudinal studies that incorporate pretreatment comprehensive neuropsychological assessment are necessary to define the severity and pattern of treatment-related change. Building on a foundation of solid science, future studies may identify subgroups of patients susceptible to significant chemotherapy-related cognitive decline. Once these groups are identified and the mechanisms underlying the decline are elucidated, attention may be turned to the development of treatments that may optimize cognitive function and improve patient quality of life. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs in essential tremor$$$ Essential tremor (ET) is characterized by postural and kinetic tremor and is no longer considered to be a disease of single pathological origin. The Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN) recently published evidence-based recommendations for the treatment of ET, which included Level B recommendations for the use of gabapentin and topiramate. However, a number of other antiepileptic drugs, including two in phase III development for epilepsy, have more recently been evaluated in ET or in animal models of ET. Clinical studies with levetiracetam have not confirmed the promising efficacy in a single-dose study. However, these and other studies with zonisamide have involved very small numbers of patients. Larger studies are required to evaluate the efficacy of antiepileptic drugs in ET. Preclinical studies in animal models of ET have demonstrated early evidence of efficacy for brivaracetam and lacosamide. Recent advances in the characterization of the disease and in the development of genetic models may enable the development of targeted and more effective symptomatic therapies. Copyright © 2006 Prous Science. ER  - 
Therapeutic monitoring of antipsychotic drugs$$$ Modern drugs can substantially improve the quality of life of patients with schizophrenia and related disorders by reducing the presence and severity of symptoms, decreasing the duration of hospitalization, and permitting most such patients to live outside institutions. Although of little benefit with established ('typical') antipsychotics such as chlorpromazine and haloperidol, TDM of newer (second generation or 'atypical') drugs, notably clozapine and to an extent of olanzapine, can help by assessing adherence, guiding dose adjustment, and guarding against toxicity. In time indications for TDM of other antipsychotics may become apparent. With clozapine dose assessment is complicated since (i) there is a 50-fold inter-patient variation in the rate of clozapine metabolism, (ii) alteration in smoking habit can have a dramatic effect (on average ± 50 %) on clozapine dose requirement, and (iii) the clinical features of clozapine overdosage can mimic those of the underlying disease. Thus, on the one hand a pre-dose (trough) plasma clozapine concentration of 0. 35 mg/L (350 μg/L) is needed to ensure afair trial of the drug, whilst plasma concentrations of 0.6 mg/L and above are associated with an increased incidence of adverse events, most obviously convulsions. With olanzapine, a pre-dose plasma concentration of 23 μg/L or more seems to be needed to ensure a fair trial of the drug, but experience suggests that only some 40 % or so of UK patients attain this concentration at 20 mg/d (maximum licensed dose). On the other hand there seems little point in increasing the dose to the extent whereby 'trough' plasma olanzapine is more than 80 μg/L. ER  - 
Safer, better, more appropriate: Clinical trial design for pediatric drug labels$$$ Off-label use of drugs in pediatrics remains a national and international problem. The American Academy of Pediatrics determined in 1977, and reaffirmed in 1995, that there was a moral imperative to formally study drugs in children so they "have access to important medications and receive optimal drug therapy." Congress passed legislation in 1997 that encouraged the study of patent drugs, or those with remaining exclusivity or patent protection, in pediatric patients. Manufacturers of new chemical entities could earn an incentive (in the form of pediatric exclusivity) for their product if a program of pediatric clinical research that met the requirements of a Written Request from the Food and Drug Administration was completed as scheduled. Such pediatric research must be expected to yield medically valuable information for pediatric patients. Additional legislation, the Best Pharmaceutical for Children Act, which renewed the exclusivity incentive for the "on-patent" drugs and provides a mechanism to facilitate the study of "off-patent drugs", and the Pediatric Research Equity Act address ways to encourage obtaining safety and efficacy data in pediatric patients. Pediatric drug trials require a concerted effort from academia, industry, and patient advocacy groups to obtain safety, efficacy, and pharmacokinetic data in placebo-controlled or active-controlled multicenter trials. Because of the unique nature of pediatric patients, data for pediatric drug labeling may need to be derived from creative clinical trial designs and population pharmacokinetic studies, randomized withdrawal trials, enrichment studies, as well as the utilization of extrapolation of clinical efficacy when appropriate. These novel approaches to clinical trial design as well as a discussion of more classical clinical trials are discussed in relation to pediatric clinical studies. Copyright © 2006 Drug Information Association, Inc. ER  - 
Emerging drugs for migraine prophylaxis and treatment$$$ Migraine is a chronic neurologic disorder with heterogeneous characteristics resulting in a range of symptom profiles, burden, and disability. Migraine affects nearly 12% of the adult population in occidental countries, imposing consideration economic and social losses. The pharmacologic treatment of migraine includes preventive and acute strategies. A better understanding of the migraine pathophysiology along with the discovery of novel molecular targets has lead to a grow number of upcoming therapeutic proposals. This review focuses on new and emerging agents for the treatment of migraine. © 2006 Medscape. ER  - 
Long-term effects of tiagabine monotherapy on cognition and mood in adult patients with chronic partial epilepsy$$$ The long-term effects of tiagabine monotherapy on cognition and mood were evaluated in adult patients with chronic partial epilepsy in a 48-week, open-label extension period that followed an 8-week, double-blind, titration study. Cognitive function was evaluated using neuropsychological evaluations that measured learning and memory, general intellectual ability, attention and mental speed, and reaction speed. Mood was assessed using a Finnish modification of the Profile of Mood States. Of the 34 patients who entered the open-label extension period, 18 successfully continued long-term monotherapy and underwent neuropsychological evaluation at 48 weeks of tiagabine monotherapy. The mean daily dose of tiagabine monotherapy at the end of open-label treatment was 19.7 mg/day (range, 5-35 mg/day). Tiagabine monotherapy did not adversely affect cognitive function. No significant changes in mood were observed. The median number of seizures was 2 (range, 0-71), and 8 patients (44%) were seizure-free during the 48 weeks of open-label tiagabine treatment. The results of this small open-label extension study indicate that patients with chronic partial epilepsy who were successfully converted to long-term tiagabine monotherapy demonstrated no adverse effects on cognitive function or mood. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The influence of concomitant antidepressant medication on safety, tolerability and clinical effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: A major problem in the treatment of severe depression is the onset latency until clinical improvement. So far, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective somatic treatment of depression. This holds especially true for treatment-refractory disturbances. However, not all patients respond to conventional unilateral ECT. In certain cases, subsequent clinical response can be achieved using bilateral or high-dose unilateral ECT. Also, a concomitant pharmacotherapy can be utilized to augment therapeutic effectiveness. Surprisingly, data in this field are widely lacking and only few studies showed advantages of an ECT/tricyclic antidepressant combination. Method: We retrospectively evaluated 5482 treatments in 455 patients to investigate possible therapeutic advantages in combination therapies versus ECT monotherapy. Main outcome criteria were clinical effectiveness and tolerability. Moreover, treatment modalities and ictal neurophysiological parameters that might influence treatment outcome were analysed. Results: A total of 18.2% of our treatments were ECT monotherapy, 8.87% were done with one antidepressant. Seizure duration was unaffected by the most antidepressants. SSRI caused a lengthened seizure activity. Postictal suppression was lower in mirtazapine and higher in SSRI and SNRI treated patients. A significant enhancement of therapeutic effectiveness could be seen in the patient group receiving tricyclics, SSRI or mirtazapine. Serious adverse events were not recorded. Conclusion: Our study supports the hypothesis that mirtazapine can be used to enhance the therapeutic effectiveness of ECT. Controlled studies are necessary to further investigate the possible advantages of ECT and pharmacotherapy combinations, especially the use of modern dually acting antidepressants which have proven their good effectiveness in treatment-resistant depression. © 2006 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Alzheimer's disease: Beware of interactions with cholinesterase inhibitors$$$ • Cholinesterase inhibitors such as donepezil, galantamine and rivastigmine, are not very effective in slowing the cognitive decline associated with Alzheimer's disease. Memantine, which is no more effective, has dopaminergic and atropinic effects but is not a cholinesterase inhibitor. • Cholinesterase inhibitors have mainly cholinergic adverse effects, causing gastrointestinal, neurological, cardiovascular and urinary disorders (incontinence). • Increased mortality, mainly due to cardiovascular events, was observed in placebo-controlled trials of galantamine. In one trial there were more deaths in patients on donepezil than on placebo. • Atropini c drugs tend to aggravate cognitive disorders that are treated with cholinesterase inhibitors. • Cholinesterase inhibitor + neuroleptic combinations are associated with an increased risk of extrapyramidal adverse effects. An increase in mortality was reported during trials of neuroleptics involving patients with dementia, and also during trials of cholinesterase inhibitors. • Combining cholinesterase inhibitors with drugs that reduce the heart rate, depress cardiac conduction, or induce torsades de pointes increases the risk of arrhythmias and cardiac conduction disorders. • Donepezil and galantamine are metabolised by cytochrome P450 isoenzymes 3A4 and 2D6, creating a strong potential for pharmacokinetic interactions with inhibitors and inducers of these isoenzymes. Rivastigmine is mainly metabolised by cholinesterases, and binds poorly to cytochrome P45O isoenzymes. • Cholinesterase inhibitors inhibit the metabolism of suxamethonium and thereby augment and prolong the neuromuscular blockade induced by this curare. • In practice, caregivers should be aware of the potential adverse effects of cholinesterase inhibitors, which often resemble symptoms of Alzheimer's disease and may be due to drug-drug interactions or to antagonist effects with other drugs, such as those with atropinic effects. Additionally, the many adverse effects associated with the use of cholinesterase inhibitors highlights the need for regular re-evaluation of the use of these medicines and of the balance of benefit versus risk in individual patients. ©Review prepared and translated by the Prescrire Editorial Staff. ER  - 
Moxifloxacin in the treatment of elderly patients with community-acquired pneumonia$$$ Elderly patients are at increased risk of developing lower respiratory tract infections compared with younger age groups. A wide spectrum of pathogens may be involved, depending on the patient's underlying comorbidities and environmental exposure. Streptococcus pneumoniae remains the most common bacterial isolate in community-acquired pneumonia, followed by Haemophilus influenzae, Moraxella, catarrhalis and atypical organisms such as Chlamydia pneumoniae, Legionella spp. and Mycoplasma pneumoniae. International guidelines have included the use of the new generation of fluoroquinolones as monotherapy in elderly patients with community-acquired pneumonia. Moxifloxacin is a synthetic fluoroquinolone with a broad spectrum of antimicrobial activity that is approved for use in the treatment of lower respiratory tract infections. Its in vitro activity is impacted less by mutations in S. pneumoniae than other fluoroquinolones. It has pharmacological characteristics that support once-daily dosing regimens and early conversion from intravenous to oral therapy, allowing for an early hospital discharge and subsequent cost reduction. The drug has an excellent safety profile. Gastrointestinal manifestations are among the most commonly reported adverse events. Moxifloxacin does not appear to have an increased risk of malignant cardiac arrhythmias, but caution is recommended in elderly patients with uncorrected hypokalemia or hypomagnesemia, or those receiving class IA or III antiarrhythmic agents. No dosage adjustments are needed in cases of renal or hepatic impairment. © 2006 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Seizures and Brain Tumors$$$ Seizures commonly occur in people with brain tumors. They may be the presenting symptom of a brain tumor, or develop some time after tumor diagnosis. The risk of seizures is greatest when the tumors have a central location, slow growth rate, and when multiple lesions are present. Interactions between anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs), chemotherapeutic agents, and corticosteroids increase the complexity and challenge in managing seizures, and drugs that do not interfere with the cytochrome P-450 enzyme complex and have low protein binding may be preferable. The comparative efficacy and side effects of the various AEDs are not established in brain tumors, so drug choice relies on both the theoretical advantages of pharmacokinetic properties and clinical judgment. Prophylactic anticonvulsant treatment is not advisable in brain tumor patients who have not experienced seizures. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Molecular genetics and treatment of narcolepsy$$$ Narcolepsy is a neurological disorder characterized by excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy. The hypocretin/orexin deficiency is likely to be the key to its pathophysiology in most of cases although the cause of human narcolepsy remains elusive. Acting on a specific genetic background, an autoimmune process targeting hypocretin neurons in response to yet unknown environmental factors is the most probable hypothesis in most cases of human narcolepsy with cataplexy. Although narcolepsy presents one of the tightest associations with a specific human leukocyte antigen (HLA) (DQB1*0602), there is strong evidence that non-HLA genes also confer susceptibility. In addition to a point mutation in the prepro-hypocretin gene discovered in an atypical case, a few polymorphisms in monoaminergic and immune-related genes have been reported associated with narcolepsy. The treatment of narcolepsy has evolved significantly over the last few years. Available treatments include stimulants for hypersomnia with the quite recent widespread use of modafinil, antidepressants for cataplexy, and gamma-hydroxybutyrate for both symptoms. Recent pilot open trials with intravenous immunoglobulins appear an effective treatment of cataplexy if applied at early stages of narcolepsy. Finally, the discovery of hypocretin deficiency might open up new treatment perspectives. © 2006 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
The endocannabinoid system: A new player in the neurochemical control of vestibular function?$$$ The results of recent clinical trials of medicinal cannabinoid drugs showthat dizziness and vertigo are commonly reported adverse side-effects. Cannabinoid CB1 receptors were initially thought to be expressed in very low densities in the vestibular nucleus complex (VNC). Recent immunohistochemical studies have challenged this idea and suggested that CB1 receptors may exist in numbers similar to the granule cell layer of the cerebellum. This, together with evidence that brainstem CB1 receptors have a higher efficacy than those in many other parts of the brain and that application of cannabinoids can elicit potent electrophysiological effects in VNC neurons, suggests that CB1 receptors and their endogenous ligands may be important in central vestibular function. In this review, we consider the potential clinical significance of the endocannabinoid system for the development of vestibular disorders, the effects of recreational cannabis use and the therapeutic use of medicinal cannabinoids. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
New antiepileptic drugs that are second generation to existing antiepileptic drugs$$$ In the last decade, 10 new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have been introduced that offer appreciable advantages in terms of their favourable pharmacokinetics, improved tolerability and lower potential for drug interactions. However, despite the large therapeutic range of old and new AEDs, ∼ 30% of the patients with epilepsy are still not seizure free and, consequently, there is a substantial need to develop new AEDs. The new AEDs currently in development can be divided into two categories: drugs with completely new chemical structures such as lacosamide (formally harkoseride), retigabine, rufinamide and talampanel; and drugs that are derivatives or analogues of existing AEDs that can be regarded as second-generation or follow-up compounds of established AEDs. This article focuses on the second category and thus critically reviews the following second-generation compounds: eslicarbazepine acetate or BIA-2-093 and 10-hydroxy carbazepine (carbamazepine derivatives); valrocemide and NP5 1776 (isovaleramide; valproic acid derivatives); pregabalin and XP13512 (gabapentin derivatives); brivaracetam (ucb 34714) and seletracetam (ucb 44212; levetiracetam derivatives); and fluorofelbamate (a felbamate derivative). In addition, a series of valproic acid derivatives that are currently in preclinical stage has also been evaluated because some lead compounds of this series have a promising potential to become new antiepileptics and CNS drugs. For any of these follow-up compounds to become a successful second generation to an existing AED, it has to be more potent, safer and possess favourable pharmacokinetics, including low potential for pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic drug interactions. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Psychological issues in end-of-life care$$$ This paper provides a systematic, evidence-based review of the psychological issues confronted by patients at the end of life, drawing on recent literature. The epidemiology, approach to clinical assessment, clinical presentation, and therapeutic options related to common psychological issues that arise in end-stage illness are described. The spectrum of normal and dysfunctional reactions are identified, and approaches to enhancing coping and quality of life are emphasized. The learner will be able to describe: (1) normal coping responses of patients at the end of life; (2) epidemiology of common psychiatric disorders at the end of life; (3) the approach to clinical assessment of psychological distress at the end of life; and (4) therapeutic approaches to common psychological problems at the end of life. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Targeting glycogen synthase kinase-3 as an approach to develop novel mood-stabilising medications$$$ Historically, success in the pharmacological treatment of bipolar disorder has arisen either from serendipitous findings or from studies with drugs (antipsychotics and anticonvulsants) developed for other indications (schizophrenia and epilepsy, respectively). Lithium has been in widespread clinical use in the treatment of bipolar disorder for > 30 years. Development of lithium-mimetic compounds has the potential to result in a more specific medication, with fewer side effects and a less narrow dose range. However, novel medications based upon a known mechanism of action of this drug are yet to be developed. Increasing evidence suggests that a next-generation lithium compound may derive from knowledge of a direct target of lithium, glycogen synthase kinase-3 (GSK-3). GSK-3 is an intracellular enzyme implicated as a critical component in many neuronal signalling pathways. However, despite the large body of preclinical data discussed in this review, definitive validation of GSK-3 as therapeutically relevant target of lithium will require clinical trials with novel GSK-3 inhibitors. A number of recent reports suggest that it is possible to develop selective, small-molecule GSK-3 inhibitors. ER  - 
Double-blind placebo-controlled trial of adjunctive levetiracetam in pediatric partial seizures$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of levetiracetam (LEV) as adjunctive therapy in children (4 to 16 years) with treatment-resistant partial-onset seizures. METHODS: This multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled trial consisted of an 8-week baseline period followed by a 14-week double-blind treatment period. During the treatment period, patients received either placebo or LEV add-on therapy and were up-titrated to a target dose of 60 mg/kg/day. RESULTS: One hundred ninety-eight patients (intent-to-treat population) provided evaluable data. The reduction in partial-onset seizure frequency per week for LEV adjunctive therapy over placebo adjunctive therapy was significant (26.8%; p = 0.0002; 95% CI 14.0% to 37.6%). A 50% or greater reduction of partial seizure frequency per week was attained in 44.6% of the LEV group (45/101 patients), compared with 19.6% (19/97 patients) receiving placebo (p = 0.0002). Seven (6.9%) LEV-treated patients were seizure-free during the entire double-blind treatment period, compared with one (1.0%) placebo-treated patient. One or more adverse events were reported by 88.1% of LEV-treated patients and 91.8% of placebo patients. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events were somnolence, accidental injury, vomiting, anorexia, hostility, nervousness, rhinitis, cough, and pharyngitis. A similar number of patients in each group required a dose reduction or withdrew from the study as a result of an adverse event. CONCLUSION: Levetiracetam adjunctive therapy administered at 60 mg/kg/day is efficacious and well tolerated in children with treatment-resistant partial seizures. Copyright © 2006 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
58th Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology$$$ The authors review interferon beta-1b for emerging multiple sclerosis, a rotigotine patch as adjunctive therapy in Parkinson's disease, levetiracetam for epileptic seizures, a new sumatriptan formulation and botulinum A for migraine, donepezil for severe Alzheimer's disease, pramipexole for restless legs syndrome, atomoxetine for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and comorbid Tourette syndrome, and pregabalin for pain relief. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in a broad population of patients with refractory epilepsy: Interim results of the international SKATE trial$$$ Objective - To prospectively assess the safety and efficacy of levetiracetam in patients with uncontrolled focal epilepsy, in a common practice-based setting. Patients and methods - In this phase IV, open-label, 16-week community-based study, adult patients with focal seizures initially received levetiracetam 1,000 mg/day. Throughout the study, the dose was adjusted in increments of 1,000 mg (maximum 3,000 mg/day) to achieve seizure control and maintain tolerability. The outcome parameters were the percentage reduction in partial and total seizure frequency per week from historical baseline, global evaluation scale (GES), and adverse events (AE). Results - Seven hundred and thirty-one patients were included in this analysis and 84.4% completed the study. The median percent reduction in all seizures was 47.8%, and 49.3% for all partial seizures. The 50% responder rate was 49%, and the seizure-free rate was 17.2% for all partial seizures. Approximately 60% of patients showed moderate to marked improvement on the GES. The majority of AE were of mild to moderate severity; the most commonly reported being asthenia, somnolence, headache, and dizziness. Conclusion - Levetiracetam is both efficacious and safe as an add-on therapy in patients with refractory epilepsy treated by clinicians in their daily practice. © 2006 The Authors. ER  - 
Varenicline: An oral partial nicotine agonist for smoking cessation$$$ Varenicline (Chantix, Pfizer) is a partial nicotine receptor agonist with a high affinity for the alpha-4 beta-2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, modulating dopamine levels associated with nicotine addiction and aiding in smoking cessation. Clinical studies have demonstrated favorable cessation rates compared with placebo and sustained-release bupropion, with an encouraging safety profile. The most common adverse effect seen in clinical trials was mild-to-moderate nausea. In November 2005, a New Drug Application (NDA) was submitted for varenicline, and the drug was subsequently granted a 6-month priority review. On May 10,2006, varenicline became the first oral medication approved for smoking cessation since buprapion, representing an agent with a novel mechanism of action for smoking cessation. ER  - 
Gender differences in depression and response to psychotropic medication$$$ Background: In the United States, depression is approximately twice as common among women as among men, across all age groups. Objective: This review examines gender differences in the epidemiology and clinical presentation of depression, and explores whether women respond differently than men to antidepressant medications. Methods: This is a selective review focusing on current issues in the management of depression, with particular attention to gender differences in the epidemiology, diagnosis, and treatment of the disease. Results: Women are more likely than men to have atypical symptoms of depression (eg, hypersomnia, hyperphagia), to have comorbid anxiety disorders, and to attempt suicide. Women are also more likely to have seasonal affective disorder. Mood and anxiety symptoms that seem to be related to the menstrual cycle do not often represent genuine premenstrual dysphoria, but when premenstrual dysphoric disorder does occur, its impact on quality of life is similar to that of major depressive disorder. There is ongoing controversy about whether men and women respond equally well to antidepressant medications, and preliminary evidence suggests that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are more effective in the presence of estrogen. Depression affects about 10% of pregnant women. Antidepressant medication should be considered during pregnancy if depression is moderate or severe, or if withdrawal of maintenance medication is likely to result in recurrent depression. The potential benefits of using antidepressant medications in a pregnant or breastfeeding woman should be balanced against the potential risks to the newborn. Because of the risk of neonatal withdrawal syndrome, SSRIs should be used at the lowest effective dose during the third trimester of pregnancy and should be tapered before delivery. Conclusions: Continuing research is needed to determine how gender influences the risk, clinical presentation, and response to treatment of depression. Exploration of sex differences in animals and humans should aid in efforts to treat depression as an organic disorder rather than a psychological maladaptation. © 2006 Excerpts Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Stimulating the nervous system to control refractory epilepsy$$$ Vagal nerve stimulation (VNS), an indirect stimulation of the brain, proved effective in animal models of epilepsy, and then in open, as well as double-blinded trials, in over 450 patients. The benefit, seizure reduction, improved for at least 1 1/2 years with almost 50% of treated patients achieving about a 50% reduction in seizure frequency. Other benefits are: seizure termination and improved mood. Benefits have been shown in children and adults with partial and generalized epilepsies, and in specific epilepsy syndromes. Implantation is easy. The method of action is largely unknown, although VNS appears to alter metabolic activity in specific brain nuclei. The improvement in mood has led to its approved use in patients with severe depression. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is under investigation as an alternate method for controlling medically refractory seizures. It is based on the observation that thalamic stimulation can influence the EEG over a wide area. Several thalamic nuclei, as well as the amygdala hippocampus complex, caudate nucleus, and substantia nigra, have been the object of stimulation, all holding promise in the treatment of medically refractory epilepsy. Intraoperative brain imaging is essential and the procedure is done under local anesthesia. Experience with DBS is limited, but growing. ER  - 
Pharmacological management of bipolar affective disorder$$$ Many drug treatments are used in bipolar disorder. Lithium is the gold standard. It has efficacy in the treatment of mania, prophylaxis against manic relapses, and to a lesser extent prophylaxis against depressive relapses. It has been shown to decrease suicidal risk. Therapeutic blood monitoring of lithium is necessary. In addition to side effects, problems include rebound mania on abrupt secession of lithium, and teratogenetic risks. Carbamazepine, valproate and lamotrigine are anticonvulsants with an evidence base in bipolar disorder. Carbamazepine is anti-manic but poorly tolerated and associated with many pharmacokinetic interactions. Valproate is also anti-manic and has some data suggesting it is anti-depressant in bipolar disorder and is prophylactic, especially against mania. It is associated with many problems if used during pregnancy and this should be avoided if possible. Lamotrigine is not licensed for use in the treatment of bipolar disorder in the UK but has some evidence for effectiveness against bipolar depression or more particularly prophylaxis against depressive relapse. It must be introduced slowly to avoid dangerous skin reactions. Other anticonvulsants have no evidence supporting their use. Antipsychotics, including the atypicals, are effective in treating mania. Olanzapine is also licensed for long-term prophylaxis and quetiapine has evidence for effectiveness in treating bipolar depression. Antidepressants, especially tricylcics and MAOIs, should be avoided due to risks of switching to mania. In general if an antidepressant is used it should ideally be an SSRI and using in conjuncture with a mood stabiliser and for the shortest period necessary. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neurodegeneration in pediatric mood disorders: Supporting evidence and the case for neuroprotection$$$ The role of neurodegeneration in mood disorders has come into increased scrutiny due to in vivo and postmortem brain studies finding direct or indirect evidence of decreased gray matter. In adults, these areas include prefrontal-limbic areas, such as dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, anterior cingulate, hippocampus, and amygdala. It is unclear whether these findings are due to the disorder itself or accompanying factors, such as the effects of medications, substance use, or medical comorbidities. Studies in children and adolescents with affective illness may decrease these confounds somewhat and generate data particular to illness effects. However, few longitudinal studies have been conducted in this population to definitively prove the presence of neurodegeneration. If neurodegeneration is occurring, then the possibility of early intervention to prevent this process should be explored. In this review, we highlight evidence for and against neurodegeneration in pediatric mood disorders and discuss the early, but important, potential for neuroprotective intervention. © 2006 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l. ER  - 
Non-pharmacological treatment modalities in children and adolescents: A review of electroconvulsive therapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation, vagus nerve stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy, and deep brain stimulation$$$ A growing range of brain stimulation techniques (Electroconvulsive Therapy, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, Vagus Nerve Stimulation, Magnetic Seizure Therapy, and Deep Brain Stimulation) are emerging as promising treatment modalities in a variety of medication resistant psychiatric disorders. Some of these techniques, alone or in combination with neuroimaging approaches (i.e, PET, SPECT, fMRI) have been successfully used to study brain functioning in health as well as in illness. Despite the great need for effective treatments for psychiatric disorders in childhood and adolescence, these treatment modalities have been mostly studied in adults, and there are little data regarding their safety and efficacy in young patients. This article reviews the current state of knowledge regarding the use of brain stimulation techniques in childhood and adolescence and discusses possible future applications. © 2006 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l. ER  - 
Glycine transporter inhibitors as novel antipsychotics$$$ Modulation of neurotransmission mediated by glutamate is a novel strategy for treating psychiatric disorders, particularly negative symptoms and cognitive deficits in schizophrenia. In this review article, the latest developments with glycine transporter-1 (GlyT1), a novel target with the principle of elevating glycine levels to indirectly increase N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA)-dependent glutamate signalling, is discussed. Further, this target is briefly compared with alternative strategies to modulate NMDA-receptor functioning for treating schizophrenia. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Developing selectively nonselective drugs for treating CNS disorders$$$ For the past two decades, drug discovery has been dominated by the 'magic bullet' or single molecular target-based approach. But for many diseases of the central nervous system, especially complex polygenic disorders such as schizophrenia, the most effective drugs have affinity for many molecular targets. Various methods have been recently proposed for developing so-called 'selectively nonselective drugs' or 'magic shotguns' - that is, therapeutics with more complex pharmacological profiles. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Epilepsy and child mental health$$$ Objective: To review the current literature about neuropsychiatry co-morbidities of children and adolescents with epilepsy and the impact of these problems in the quality of life of these patients. Methodology: Literature review in journals indexed through MEDLINE, from January 2000 to December 2005. We selected from the abstracts, original studies (epidemiology, diagnoses and therapeutics), meta-analyses, and reviews in Portuguese and English. Results: The rates of mental disorders in the patients studied are higher than in normal children or even in children with other chronic diseases. Once the epilepsy is a heterogeneous syndrome, multiple factors can determine the development of psychopathology. This paper reviews the relationships among epilepsy and mental retardation, pervasive disorder, language and learning disorders and attention deficit disorder, anxiety and mood disorders, psychoses, as well as diagnoses, therapeutic and prognostic aspects. Conclusions: The modern treatment of children with epilepsy goes beyond the simple control of the epileptic seizures and should include the appropriate diagnosis and treatment of the psychiatric co-morbidities in order to improve their life quality. ER  - 
Perinatal and neonatal ischaemic stroke: A review$$$ Perinatal cerebral infarction has been defined as a cerebrovascular event that occurs between 28 weeks gestation and 28 days of postnatal age [1]. This condition is thought to be the second most common cause of seizures in the perinatal period, although it is conceded to be clinically under-recognized. The true incidence of perinatal stroke is not known, but has been variably reported with a frequency ranging from approximately 1 in 4000 live births [2] to an incidence as high as 17% in autopsy studies of term newborns [3]. The broad range of estimates of the incidence of perinatal stroke relate to the population and type of studies that have derived such data. Estimates of incidence from cohort studies of neonatal seizures demonstrate that in infants >31 weeks gestation, 12% had underlying cerebral infarction [4]. Perinatal stroke has apparently become more frequently diagnosed in recent years reflecting an increased availability of more sensitive neuroimaging techniques [5]. The aetiological factors responsible for perinatal cerebral infarction are diverse, as is the clinical presentation and the long-term neurodevelopmental outcome. In fact, the outcome for perinatal stroke is not benign with a significant mortality risk. One of the largest population based studies reports that for infants less than 30 days old, the in-hospital mortality rate for neonatal stroke was 10.1% [2]. This paper will discuss the aetiology, clinical presentation, investigation, management and prognosis of perinatal stroke. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Valproate as a mainstay of therapy for pediatric epilepsy$$$ This article reviews relevant pharmacologic and clinical information gathered for valproate since it was introduced into clinical practice 37 years ago and the application of this information for the treatment of childhood epilepsy. Valproate is available for oral and parenteral use. Oral forms are almost completely bioavailable but the rate of absorption varies between formulations. The Chrono® tablet formulation has not been adapted for children aged <6 years, in whom the oral solution or syrup, requiring two or three daily administrations, has been used until recently. A new formulation specifically adapted for children, Chronosphere®, administrated once or twice daily, is a modified-release formulation of valproate that minimizes fluctuations in serum drug concentrations during a dosage interval. Plasma protein binding is 80-94% and tends to decrease with increasing drug concentration. Valproate elimination is markedly decreased in newborns compared with older children and adults. Elimination by glucuronidation only becomes fully effective by the age of 3-4 years. In children aged 2-10 years receiving valproate, plasma clearances are 50% higher than those in adults. Over the age of 10 years, pharmacokinetic parameters approximate those of adults. Valproate can increase plasma concentrations of concomitant drugs, such as phenobarbital and lamotrigine, by inhibiting their metabolism. As a result of its broad spectrum of efficacy in a wide range of seizure types and epilepsy syndromes, valproate is a drug of choice for children with newly diagnosed epilepsy (focal or generalized), idiopathic generalized epilepsy, epilepsies with prominent myoclonic seizures or with multiple seizure types, and photosensitive epilepsies. In the group of cognitive epilepsies, in which severe spike and wave discharges are accompanied by cognitive deterioration, valproate, ethosuximide, or both should be tested before using corticosteroids. In comparative trials with carbamazepine, phenytoin, and phenobarbital in focal epilepsy and with ethosuximide in absence epilepsy, valproate was as effective and showed a favorable tolerability profile, with minimal adverse cognitive and CNS effects. The low potential for paradoxical seizure aggravation and the long-term efficacy of the drug are additional important factors that contribute to its excellent profile. Intravenous valproate may be effective for the treatment of convulsive and non-convulsive status epilepticus that is refractory to conventional drugs. In infants, potential benefits should be carefully weighed against the risk of liver toxicity. Gastrointestinal intolerance is a relatively frequent, dose-related adverse effect of the drug in children. Bodyweight increase and tremor may be observed in older children and adolescents. Despite the challenge of newer drugs, valproate remains a gold standard antiepileptic drug for the treatment of children. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Huntington's disease$$$ Although available treatments for Huntington's disease (HD) are imperfect,thoughtful application, can positively impact quality of life. Dopamine antagonists can provide control of the troublesome hyperkinetic movements. These agents can also diminish the frequency of hallucinations and delusions when symptoms of psychosis occur. Classical neuroleptics have the widest utilization, although atypical, antipsychotics are being increasingly used. Suppression of choreiform movements has also been reported with amantadine and tetrabenazine, which is not currently approved in the United States but under investigation. Alteration in mood can be successfully managed with a variety of antidepressant medications. Superior tolerability and value in the management of a variety of behavioral disturbances have lead to extensive use of serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Modest disturbance of mood can sometimes be addressed with anticonvulsant medications. Considered a manifestation of advanced disease, dementia is less commonly addressed therapeutically. However, gathering experience suggests improved cognitive function can occur with cholinesterase inhibitor therapy. Frequently overlooked is the value of rehabilitation services in the management of diverse symptoms. Although the value of a dysphagia evaluation is apparent, the benefit to be derived from physical and occupational therapy involvement cannot be overstated. Current therapeutic trials will undoubtedly provide additional therapies to moderate symptoms, but once the mechanism(s) of selective striatal projection neuron degeneration are delineated, a revolution in the management of HD will occur. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
The diagnosis and treatment of depression in Parkinson's disease$$$ Depression is common in Parkinson's disease (PD) and associated with considerable morbidity, including a worsening of motor symptoms and measures of quality of life. Therefore, patients with PD should be routinely screened for depressive symptoms with rating scales such as the Geriatric Depression Scale. Patients meeting criteria should be treated using established algorithms for the management of depression and associated symptoms such as insomnia, anxiety; psychosis, and mania. The algorithm outlined in this paper describes the importance of maintaining an adequate dose of medication over a medication trial that can last up to 12 weeks. To optimally monitor patients' progress, clinicians should also consider using rating scales that measure depression severity, such as the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale and Beck Depression Inventory. ER  - 
Muscle Relaxants and Antispasticity Agents$$$ Muscle relaxants make up a heterogeneous group of agents and can have a clinically significant role in the treatment of chronic muscle pain. These medications are not without possible serious side effects; hence, care should be taken in deciding on their appropriateness and ongoing monitoring performed, if prescribed. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Rapid detection of major depression in epilepsy: a multicentre study$$$ Background: Depression is a common comorbid disorder in epilepsy but is not routinely assessed in neurology clinics. We aimed to create a rapid yet accurate screening instrument for major depression in people with epilepsy. Methods: We developed a set of 46 items to identify symptoms of depression that do not overlap with common comorbid cognitive deficits or adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs. This preliminary instrument and several reliable and valid instruments for diagnosis of depression on the basis of criteria from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual IV, depression symptom severity, health status, and toxic effects of medication were applied to 205 adult outpatients with epilepsy. We used discriminant function analysis to identify the most efficient set of items for classification of major depression, which we termed the neurological disorders depression inventory for epilepsy (NDDI-E). Baseline data for 229 demographically similar patients enrolled in two other clinical studies were used for verification of the original observations. Findings: The discriminant function model for the NDDI-E included six items. Internal consistency reliability of the NDDI-E was 0·85 and test-retest reliability was 0·78. An NDDI-E score of more than 15 had a specificity of 90%, sensitivity of 81%, and positive predictive value of 0·62 for a diagnosis of major depression. Logistic regression showed that the model of association of major depression and the NDDI-E was not affected by adverse effects of antiepileptic medication, whereas models for depression and generic screening instruments were. The severity of depression symptoms and toxic effects of drugs independently correlated with subjective health status, explaining 72% of variance. Results from a separate verification sample also showed optimum sensitivity, specificity, and predictive power at a cut score of more than 15. Interpretation: Major depression in people with epilepsy can be identified by a brief set of symptoms that can be differentiated from common adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs. The NDDI-E could enable rapid detection and improve management of depression in epilepsy in accordance with internationally recognised guidelines. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Affect in patients with epilepsy undergoing video/EEG monitoring: Retrospective versus momentary assessment and temporal relationship to seizures$$$ This study was designed to (1) compare retrospective and momentary assessments of mood/affect, and (2) examine the temporal relationship between affect and seizure occurrence. Patients with epilepsy undergoing long-term video/EEG monitoring (LTM) completed an affect rating of how they felt "at that moment" each time a programmed watch beeped (momentary assessment); these ratings were averaged across each patient's hospital stay. Prior to discharge, patients were asked to think back and rate how they felt "during their hospital stay" using the same rating scale (retrospective assessment). Results indicated that patients retrospectively recalled feeling significantly more positive during their LTM than they reported feeling when they were actually undergoing LTM. Among patients who had EEG-verified seizures, momentary assessments were used to compare affect during the interictal periods with affect during the prodromal and postictal periods. The latter two periods were characterized by significantly less activated positive affect than were the interictal periods. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The impact of levetiracetam on challenging behavior$$$ An observational longitudinal design was employed to evaluate whether treatment with the antiepileptic drug levetiracetam (LEV) adversely impacts behavior in people with intellectual disabilities and/or acquired brain damage. Thirty-five adults were assessed once off the drug and once when on LEV therapy, with a 2-month interval between assessments. Behaviors were rated using an adaptation of the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale and the Challenging Behaviour Scale. Challenging behaviors were rated as more frequent and severe when individuals were taking LEV. Behavioral worsening was not related to better seizure control or increased levels of engagement in activities. Families and professionals need to be aware of the potential reversible adverse effects of this drug. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Late-onset psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are common, but have not been well studied in older patients. We retrospectively reviewed patients with PNES who were 60 years of age and above at the time of "seizure" onset. Over a 27-month period, nine (9.6%) of 94 patients diagnosed with PNES had onset at age 60 or above. None had evidence for coexisting epilepsy. Eight were women. Characteristics of the group were comparable to younger patients with PNES. We conclude that PNES should be considered as a diagnostic possibility in older patients. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychotropic medications and HIV$$$ Patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome have high rates of psychiatric illness. The effective management of these psychiatric conditions can improve a patient's quality of life and may improve antiretroviral adherence. Care providers for patients with HIV infection frequently encounter clinical situations in which psychotropic medications are needed or are being used. Those clinical situations require familiarity with the broad category of medications termed "psychotropic. " That familiarity should include a basic understanding of indications, adverse effects, and drug interactions. In particular, it is very important to recognize the many potential interactions based on cytochrome P450 metabolism, which is common to many psychotropics, the protease inhibitors, and the nonnucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors. In a brief review of the use of psychotropic medications in patients with HIV infection, we discuss indications, adverse effects, and drug interactions for commonly used antidepressants, mood stabilizers, anxiolytics, antipsychotics, psychostimulants, and drugs of abuse. © 2006 by the Infectious Diseases Society of America. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression$$$ Objective: To review the accumulated literature on the efficacy, safety and predictors of response for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of depression. Methods: A descriptive review of the more than 25 published sham-controlled rTMS studies in depression was undertaken, focusing on reported meta-analyses as well as individual trial reports. Potential determinants of efficacy were examined, including the form of shams employed, stimulation parameters and clinical features. Results: There is now clear evidence for the statistical superiority of left-prefrontal high frequency rTMS compared with sham therapy. However, the clinical benefits are marginal in the majority of reports. There is also still considerable uncertainty concerning the optimal stimulation parameters. Those clinical features which appear to be associated with greater response include younger age, lack of refractoriness to antidepressants and no psychotic features. Conclusions: Current studies confirm statistical efficacy, but insubstantive clinical benefit. Large multicentre studies currently underway should clarify if rTMS should be approved by regulatory agencies for widespread clinical availability. Furthermore, there is a need to clarify the preferred parameters for administering this treatment. © 2006 The Authors; Journal compilation © 2006 The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists. ER  - 
Lack of pharmacokinetic interaction between lamotrigine and olanzapine in healthy volunteers$$$ Study Objective. To investigate the potential drug-drug interaction between lamotrigine, an antiepileptic agent used to treat bipolar disorders, and olanzapine, an atypical antipsychotic drug also used to treat bipolar disorders, both of which are metabolized by the uridine diphosphate glucuronosyltransferase system. Design. Prospective cohort study Setting. University center for clinical research. Subjects. Fourteen nonsmoking, healthy volunteers. Intervention. Subjects received lamotrigine 25 mg/day for 5 days, then 50 mg/day for 10 days to achieve steady-state concentrations. On day 15, blood samples were obtained before and 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, and 24 hours after the dose. Lamotrigine 50 mg/day was then given for an additional 3 days. On the next day, lamotrigine 50 mg and olanzapine 5 mg were coadministered. Blood samples were obtained at the same times as before and at 48, 72, and 96 hours after dosing. Measurements and Main Results. Blood samples were assayed for lamotrigine and olanzapine concentrations by means of high-performance liquid chromatography Olanzapine did not significantly affect lamotrigine disposition, as we observed no differences in the area under the concentration-time curve from 0-24 hours or in lamotrigine plasma concentrations at baseline or at 24 hours. For lamotrigine, the mean time to reach maximum concentration was significantly prolonged during olanzapine coadministration (mean ± SD 1.9 ± 1.3 vs 4.0 ± 3.0 hrs, p=0.025), possibly because of the anticholinergic properties associated with olanzapine. Mild sedation was the only adverse effect that occurred during lamotrigine and olanzapine coadministration. Conclusion. Lamotrigine and olanzapine can safely be combined in healthy volunteers at the low doses studied, without a clinically significant interaction. When prescribing high doses of olanzapine and lamotrigine for bipolar disorder, patients must be carefully monitored. ER  - 
Malaria$$$ Malaria is increasing worldwide due to the emergence and spread of drug resistant strains. This poses major health and economic problems for the population living in endemic areas and increases the risk of infections in travelers. The diagnosis of malaria relies on a biological proof of infection by microscopy or with a rapid test. The treatment must be initiated without delay preferably with an artemisinin containing regimen. Uncomplicated malaria can be treated with oral drugs while severe infections will be hospitalized and treated with injectables. Special attention will be given to the most susceptible groups: children and pregnant women. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of mood-stabilising anticonvulsants in the elderly$$$ The authors review current research on the safety and tolerability of anticonvulsant medications used for individuals over the age of 60 years with affective disorders, agitation and other psychiatric disorders. Three anticonvulsants currently approved in the US for treatment of bipolar affective disorder are reviewed: valproate, lamotrigine and extended-release carbamazepine. The authors discuss the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, drug-drug interactions and the impact of ageing for each drug. There are few studies of anticonvulsant medications in elderly patients with bipolar disorder or other psychiatric conditions. Therefore, the authors summarise adverse events of greatest prevalence and/or greatest severity based on data derived predominately from studies of geriatric patients with epilepsy and/or other non-psychiatric indications. Guidelines are offered for the safe use of these medications in the elderly, based on research literature. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Emerging drugs for eating disorder treatment$$$ Anorexia nervosa (AN), bulimia nervosa (BN) and binge eating disorder (BED) comprise the currently recognised eating disorders. Although distinct diagnostic entities, they share certain forms of comorbid psychopathology, particularly anxiety and mood disorders. BN and BED have been studied most intensively as targets for pharmacotherapy. The list of drugs tested in eating disorders is substantial; however, the number of therapeutic classes of medications tested in these conditions is relatively modest. Antidepressant medications, including tricyclic antidepressants, selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors, as well as some of the novel antidepressants, have shown evidence of some therapeutic value in both BN and BED. Their efficacy in AN, however, has been disappointing. The pharmacological options for AN are very limited. The number of controlled trials that have been conducted is small, and the research that has been successfully completed has generally failed to demonstrate medication efficacy. Patients with BN typically show reduced binge eating and purging frequency in medication trials, but rarely attain abstinence. In BED, patients often measure the value of their medication therapy by its ability to stimulate weight loss, which is another area on which future pharmacotherapy may improve. Novel pharmacological interventions are needed for each of these conditions. Peptide hormones are increasingly being evaluated for eating disorder treatment, including ghrelin agonists, neuropeptide Y1 and -5 antagonists, orexin receptor antagonists, corticotropin-releasing factor receptor 2 antagonists, histamine 3 antagonists, melanocortin 4 receptor antagonists, β3-adrenoceptor agonists, 5-hydroxytryptamine-2A antagonists and growth hormone agonists. Although these compounds are in early phases of clinical testing for eating disorder treatments, data from these studies will be instructive in the quest for effective pharmacotherapy for these conditions. An overview of the current pharmacotherapy options for eating disorders is presented with a discussion of the emerging potential treatments. © Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Neurologic toxicities of cancer therapies$$$ Neurologic dysfunction is a well-recognized adverse effect of cancer therapeutics. The most common manifestations include peripheral neuropathy and encephalopathy. Often, symptoms resolve or improve upon removal of the offending agent; therefore, it is essential that clinicians recognize the symptoms and signs of injury. Occasionally, symptoms persist or develop after discontinuation of medication and may culminate in disability and diminished quality of life. As our understanding of neurotoxicity improves, medications with less potential for injury may be developed. In addition, potential antidotes to prevent or reverse injury may emerge. This review focuses on the clinical features, mechanisms, and possible therapeutics of the neurotoxicity of chemotherapy. In particular, oxaliplatin, thalidomide, methotrexate, ifosfamide, cytarabine, amifostine, acetyl-L-carnitine, methylene blue, cytokines, and neurotrophins are discussed. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Retrospective analysis of the efficacy and tolerability of levetiracetam in brain tumor patients$$$ Seizures are a common complication of primary (PBT) and metastatic (MBT) brain tumors, affecting approximately 50% of all patients during the course of their illness. Anti-convulsant therapy of these tumor-induced seizures is often inadequate with conventional anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs), due to a variety of factors, including activation of glutaminergic NMDA receptors, immune-mediated neuronal damage, and anatomic alterations of neuronal input pathways. Levetiracetam (LEV) is a new AED with a novel mechanism of action, which includes reducing the Ca++ current through neuron-specific, high voltage activated Ca++ channels (n-type). Because of this unique mechanism, it has been postulated that LEV may be effective in controlling tumor-induced seizures. A retrospective chart review was performed of all patients who had received LEV for seizure control. Forty-one patients were reviewed (22 female, 19 male), with a median age of 47.5 years (range 25-81). There were 34 patients with PBT and 7 with MBT. LEV was used as an add-on AED in 33 patients and as monotherapy in eight patients, with a median dose of 1500 mg/day (range 500-3500). The baseline median seizure frequency for the cohort was 1 per week. After the addition of LEV and follow-up for a minimum of 4 weeks, the median seizure frequency was reduced to 0 per week (59% of patients noted complete seizure control). Overall, the seizure frequency was reduced in 90% of patients (P < 0.0001; Sign test). The most common toxicity was somnolence, noted in 37% of patients. LEV was very effective and well tolerated in brain tumor patients with seizures, and should be considered for add-on therapy to current AEDs, or as a substitute anti-convulsant for monotherapy. © Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. 2006. ER  - 
Social stories™ for children with disabilities$$$ A review of the empirical research literature on Social Stories™ is presented, including a descriptive review and single-subject meta-analysis of appropriate studies. Examination of data suggests the effects of Social Stories™ are highly variable. Interpretations of extant studies are frequently confounded by inadequate participant description and the use of Social Stories™ in combination with other interventions. It is unclear whether particular components of Social Stories™ are central to their efficacy. Data on maintenance and generalization are also limited. Social Stories™ stand as a promising intervention, being relatively straightforward and efficient to implement with application to a wide range of behaviors. Further research is needed to determine the exact nature of their contribution and the components critical to their efficacy. © 2006 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. ER  - 
Extended-release carbamazepine for acute bipolar mania: A review$$$ In December 2004, an extended-release capsule formulation of carbamazepine was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of acute manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder. This formulation allows twice-daily dosing and minimizes plasma carbamazepine fluctuations. The efficacy, safety and tolerability of the product were demonstrated with two pivotal randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind monotherapy trials. These studies showed efficacy in bipolar I mania in patients with acute manic or mixed episodes. Pooled post hoc analyses documented a significant onset of effect within seven days, an incremental response of about 25% over placebo and a moderate effect size of 0.61 with no treatment-emergent depression. Carbamazepine's mode of action in mania is unknown, but a variety of effects on receptors, neurotransmitters, ion channels and binding sites have been documented. It has a complex pharmacokinetic profile due to autoinduction and a long-acting active metabolite. Carbamazepine's most frequent adverse events comprise dizziness, somnolence, nausea and vomiting, although these tend to diminish overtime. It is effectively weight neutral and can provide an acceptable and efficacious treatment option for bipolar I mania. © 2006 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A review of developments in brain stimulation and the treatment of psychiatric disorders$$$ Objective: To examine developments in the application and use of a number of developing brain stimulation techniques for psychiatric disorders including treatment resistant major depression. Method: A review of studies outlining the development of the research base pertaining to the use of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), Magnetic Seizure Therapy (MST), Vagal Nerve Stimulation (VNS) and Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS). Results: A substantial but somewhat patchy research base is supporting a gradual shift of TMS from primarily a research tool to a technique available in clinical practice. MST has the potential to provide marked benefits over other forms of seizure induction, but requires rigorous efficacy evaluation. VNS and DBS are new and more invasive potential treatment methods in psychiatry. They both require rigorous evaluation of efficacy, and the safety of DBS remains uncertain. Conclusion: There is considerable potential for recent developments in non-pharmacological biological treatments in psychiatry to substantially enhance our options, especially for patients with treatment resistant disorders. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Adjunctive lamotrigine for refractory epilepsy in adolescents with mental retardation$$$ Epilepsy is a major comorbid condition in adolescents with mental retardation and is often characterized by multiple seizure types that are refractory to treatment. This study (n = 22) describes a subanalysis of data from a larger multicenter study of adjunctive lamotrigine therapy in patients with mental retardation and refractory epilepsy and focuses on the outcome measures of seizure reduction, safety and tolerability, and impact on behaviors in adolescents with mental retardation and refractory epilepsy. The study kept baseline antiepileptic drugs constant and titrated lamotrigine over 8 weeks to the target dose, followed by an 8-week maintenance phase and then a 12-week optimization phase during which all antiepileptic drugs and lamotrigine could be altered as clinically indicated. Sixty percent of subjects had a 50% decrease in seizures by the end of the maintenance phase and a mean 39% reduction in seizure frequency by the end of the maintenance phase (25% by end of study) compared with baseline. Global improvements were observed in most patients, with statistically significant improvements in the Aberrant Behavior Checklist and the Habilitative Improvement Scale, which is predictive of less need for supportive care in activities of daily living and thus enhanced potential for greater independence. Lamotrigine-associated improvements in behavior can be attributed to improved control of seizures, a reduction in concomitant antiepileptic drugs, and/or direct mood-stabilizing and behavior-enhancing properties independent of the antiseizure effects of the drug. The results of this study suggest that lamotrigine is an important treatment option in adolescents with mental retardation and comorbid epilepsy. ER  - 
The emerging use of TNF-α inhibitors in orbital inflammatory disease$$$ Inhibitors of TNF-α have already assumed an important role in the treatment of disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease, and psoriasis and have a strong safety record established through the more than half million patients treated with these medications to date. Current recommendations suggest that all patients should be screened for the presence of latent tuberculosis before the start of treatment and receive vaccination for pneumococcus and influenza. Patients with multiple sclerosis, moderate to severe CHF, or the presence of any active or chronic infection should not receive these medications. In addition, there may be an increased risk of the development of opportunistic infections in patients over the age of 65. Although a causal relationship has not yet been demonstrated, the development of lymphoma, a potentially fatal disease, remains a concern. Although the overall safety of these medications is excellent, patients receiving TNF-α inhibitors for ocular or orbital disease should probably be managed in conjunction with an internist, rheumatologist, or uveitis specialist who is experienced in screening for the potential systemic side effects listed above. Initial studies using TNF-α inhibitors in the treatment of orbital inflammatory diseases have shown promising results. However, larger, controlled studies are needed to better understand how the efficacy of these medications compares to more standard treatments such as corticosteroids and which patients might maximally benefit from their use. Although there is insufficient evidence to recommend TNF-α inhibitors as routine, primary treatment for TAO or IOI, these medications may be useful in treating patients who fail treatment with corticosteroids or traditional immunomodulatory agents, or who are intolerant to medication-induced side effects. ER  - 
FDA encourages development of novel drug delivery systems$$$ Manufacturing and formulation innovation spurs drug development, but raises new safety and quality issues. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a critical appraisal of the last 10 years$$$ Depression is a common and debilitating illness, for which alternative treatments are urgently needed. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive and relatively painless experimental technique of altering brain physiology. The authors critically review the evidence for the efficacy, safety and tolerability of rTMS in the treatment of depression based on published data over the last decade. They also discuss studies which have examined relevant clinical, demographic, methodological, and technical parameters that might be implicated in optimizing the antidepressant efficacy of this technique. rTMS depression trials conducted through early 2006 are included in this review, which focuses mainly on the results of published sham-controlled studies, literature reviews and meta-analyses. Trials published so far have been characterized by the use of a great variety of stimulation parameters, study designs, questionable sham controls, small sample sizes and heterogeneously depressed populations, all of which have made comparisons between studies difficult. Meta-analyses of 2-week rTMS sham-controlled studies support, for the most part, the antidepressant effects of rTMS which are statistically superior to sham. However, the degree of clinical improvement remains small, although greater efficacy has been shown with longer treatment courses and predictors of response to rTMS are progressively being identified. rTMS is a promising antidepressant treatment with overall minor adverse effects. Because the clinical efficacy of rTMS as an antidepressant remains questionable, further systematic, large-scale multicenter studies comparing rTMS to a sham and/or to an antidepressant medication along with more stringent stimulation parameters are warranted in order to identify patient populations most likely to benefit and treatment parameters most likely to optimize its antidepressant efficacy. © 2006 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Behavior therapy in dissociative convulsions disorder.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the remission in symptoms achieved with behavior therapy and routine clinical care to that with routine clinical care given alone to patients having dissociative disorder. DESIGN: A randomized controlled trial. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Psychiatry Unit, Lady Reading Hospital, Peshawar from April 2004 to September 2004. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A total sample of 100 patients was recruited through Psychiatric OPD and Emergency unit. Patients were randomly allocated to the intervention or control group. The number of fits were recorded each day during admission. The patients were followed-up for four weeks after discharge. Hospital anxiety and depression scale and clinical global impression scales were applied. The two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test was used to show the differences in relative frequencies of fits between the two groups. RESULTS: There were no statistically significant differences in sociodemographic and clinical variables in the intervention and control groups at baseline. There was a highly significant difference between the two groups in frequency of fits at discharge, on the first follow-up and on the fourth follow-up (p=0.000). Similarly, patients in the intervention group showed more improvement on hospital anxiety and depression scale compared to the control group, (p=0.000) at the end of four weeks. CONCLUSION: Behavioral intervention in the management of conversion disorder is more effective than the methods applied in our daily practice. ER  - 
Cannabinoids in medicine: A review of their therapeutic potential$$$ In order to assess the current knowledge on the therapeutic potential of cannabinoids, a meta-analysis was performed through Medline and PubMed up to July 1, 2005. The key words used were cannabis, marijuana, marihuana, hashish, hashich, haschich, cannabinoids, tetrahydrocannabinol, THC, dronabinol, nabilone, levonantradol, randomised, randomized, double-blind, simple blind, placebo-controlled, and human. The research also included the reports and reviews published in English, French and Spanish. For the final selection, only properly controlled clinical trials were retained, thus open-label studies were excluded. Seventy-two controlled studies evaluating the therapeutic effects of cannabinoids were identified. For each clinical trial, the country where the project was held, the number of patients assessed, the type of study and comparisons done, the products and the dosages used, their efficacy and their adverse effects are described. Cannabinoids present an interesting therapeutic potential as antiemetics, appetite stimulants in debilitating diseases (cancer and AIDS), analgesics, and in the treatment of multiple sclerosis, spinal cord injuries, Tourette's syndrome, epilepsy and glaucoma. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety of drug therapies used for weight loss and treatment of obesity$$$ Some of the medications used for weight loss in the management of obesity have been associated with unacceptable morbidity and mortality. Safety concerns have led to the withdrawal of aminorex, followed by the fenfluramines in 1997, and phenylpropanolamine (norephedrine) in 2000. Aminorex was associated with an increased prevalence of primary pulmonary hypertension (PPH), fenfluramines with an increased prevalence of PPH and valvulopathy, and phenylpropanolamine with an increased risk of haemorrhagic stroke. Several studies have investigated the safety of the fenfluramines, yet the benefit-risk profile has not been conclusively quantified. This is due to several deficiencies in the published studies, including a lack of data on the baseline prevalences of comorbid conditions in obese subjects, and potential confounders and biases in the study designs. Although several studies and systematic reviews support an increased risk of PPH and valvulopathy in patients who have taken fenfluramines, without knowledge of the background prevalence it is not possible to determine if the exposure preceded the outcome. The population at higher risk of these adverse effects includes those taking higher doses or with a longer duration of exposure to fenfluramines and those with pre-existing cardiac disease or a genetic predisposition. Patients exposed to fenfluramines continue to be monitored, with some follow-up studies indicating no overall worsening in valvulopathy over time. There are limited efficacy and safety data for amfepramone (diethylpropion) and phentermine and their approval for the management of obesity is limited to short-term use. Orlistat and sibutramine are the only currently approved medications for long-term management of obesity. Although the benefit-risk profiles of sibutramine and orlistat appear positive, sibutramine continues to be monitored because of long-term safety concerns. The safety and efficacy of currently approved drug therapies have not been evaluated in children and elderly patient populations and there is limited information in adolescents, whilst the long-term safety of current and potential new drug therapies in adults will require several years of postmarketing surveillance to fully elucidate their adverse effect profiles. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Divalproex sodium vs. placebo in the treatment of repetitive behaviours in autism spectrum disorder$$$ Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by impairment in three core symptom domains: socialization, communication, and repetitive/stereotyped behaviours. Other associated symptom domains are also affected including impulsivity/aggression, self-injury, anxiety, and mood lability. Divalproex has been shown to have efficacy in treating epilepsy, bipolar disorder, mood lability, and impulsive aggression. The present study evaluated the use of divalproex in the treatment of repetitive, compulsive-like symptoms of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Thirteen individuals with ASD participated in an 8-wk, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of divalproex sodium vs. placebo. There was a significant group difference on improvement in repetitive behaviours as measured by the Children's Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (C-YBOCS) (p = 0.037) and a large effect size (d = 1.616). This study provides preliminary support for the use of divalproex in treating repetitive behaviours in ASD. Further research is needed to evaluate the specificity and mechanism of action of these findings. Copyright © 2005 CINP. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs and liver disease$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are no longer restricted to the treatment of epilepsy. These are widely used in a broad spectrum of psychiatric and neurological disorders. Liver plays a major role in the metabolism of a majority of these drugs. Hepatotoxicity is rare, but a real concern when initiating therapy. Likewise, liver disease can adversely affect the biotransformation of some of these drugs. This manuscript addresses the significance of elevated liver enzymes associated with AED use, the role of therapeutic drug monitoring, pharmacokinetics during liver disease and potential risk of hepatotoxicity. © 2006 British Epilepsy Association. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Modern antiepileptic drugs: Guidelines and beyond$$$ Purpose of review: Ten antiepileptic drugs have been licensed since 1990. Their usage will be briefly reviewed focusing on new data and inclusion in guidelines. The hypotheses exploring the underlying basis of pharmacoresistance will be presented. Recent findings: Lamotrigine, gabapentin, topiramate, and oxcarbazepine are available for use as monotherapy in many countries following comparative studies with older antiepileptic drugs. Zonisamide and pregabalin have recently obtained licences as adjuvant therapy in the US and Europe for partial epilepsy with or without secondary generalization. The UK National Institute for Clinical Excellence guideline has advised, largely based on cost, against the routine use of modern antiepileptic drugs, except when older drugs have failed or are contraindicated. This contrasts with the US guidelines which are less conservative. Surgically resected specimens from patients with refractory epilepsy have led to the development of two hypotheses to explain pharmacoresistant epilepsy. Summary: The introduction of 10 new antiepileptic drugs has provided greater choice for patients and doctors, although evidence in support of their superiority over the older drugs is sparse. This has led to conflicting advice in guidelines. Recent developments in the understanding of pharmacoresistance may explain the relatively high incidence of refractory epilepsy. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Tolerability and safety of fluvoxamine and other antidepressants$$$ Selective serotonin [5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT)] reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and the 5-HT noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor, venlafaxine, are mainstays in treatment for depression. The highly specific actions of SSRIs of enhancing serotonergic neurotransmission appears to explain their benefit, while lack of direct actions on other neurotransmitter systems is responsible for their superior safety profile compared with tricyclic antidepressants. Although SSRIs (and venlafaxine) have similar adverse effects, certain differences are emerging. Fluvoxamine may have fewer effects on sexual dysfunction and sleep pattern. SSRIs have a cardiovascular safety profile superior to that of tricyclic antidepressants for patients with cardiovascular disease; fluvoxamine is safe in patients with cardiovascular disease and in the elderly. A discontinuation syndrome may develop upon abrupt SSRI cessation. SSRIs are more tolerable than tricyclic antidepressants in overdose, and there is no conclusive evidence to suggest that they are associated with an increased risk of suicide. Although the literature suggests that there are no clinically significant differences in efficacy amongst SSRIs, treatment decisions need to be based on considerations such as patient acceptability, response history and toxicity. © Blackwell Publishing Ltd, 2006. ER  - 
Clozapine-induced sialorrhea: Pathophysiology and management strategies$$$ Rationale: Clozapine is an atypical antipsychotic agent with proven efficacy in refractory schizophrenia, but its widespread use is limited by adverse effects such as agranulocytosis, seizures, sedation, weight gain, and sialorrhea. Clozapine-induced sialorrhea (CIS) is bothersome and has socially stigmatizing adverse effects, which result in poor treatment compliance. The pathophysiology of this condition is poorly understood and the treatment options available are based mostly on case reports and open-label studies. Objective: To review the available studies on CIS. Method: All relevant studies available through PUBMED search supplemented with manual search were undertaken. Result: The clinical features, complications, assessment, pathophysiology, and management of CIS are discussed. Conclusion: Although the studies evaluating the therapeutic options has limitations and no drug has been found to be superior, judicious use of pharmacological agents along with behavioral methods will reduce this troublesome side effect and enhance compliance. © Springer-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
Seizures in children$$$ Seizures are the most common pediatric neurologic disorder. Four to ten percent of children suffer at least one seizure in the first 16 years of life. The incidence is highest in children less than 3 years of age, with a decreasing frequency in older children. Epidemiologic studies reveal that approximately 150,000 children will sustain a first-time unprovoked seizure each year, and of those, 30,000 will develop epilepsy. This article describes the types, diagnoses, and management and disposition of this pediatric neurologic disorder. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treating tobacco use and dependence in clinical practice$$$ Physicians are in a unique position to advise smokers to quit by the ability to integrate the various aspects of nicotine dependence. This review provides an overview of the intervention strategies for smokers presented in a primary care setting. The strategies that are used for smoking cessation counselling differ according to the patient's readiness to quit. For smokers who do not intend to give up smoking, physicians should inform about tobacco use and the benefits of cessation. For smokers who are dissonant, physicians should use motivational strategies, such as discussing the barriers to successful cessation and their solutions. For smokers who are ready to quit, the physician should show strong support, help set a date to quit, prescribe pharmaceutical therapies for nicotine dependence, such as nicotine replacement therapy (i.e., gum, transdermal patch, nasal spray, mouth inhaler, lozenges, and micro and sublingual tablets) and/or bupropion (an atypical antidepressant thought to work by blocking the neural re-uptake of dopamine and/or noradrenaline), with instructions for use, and suggest behavioural strategies to prevent relapse. The efficacy of all of these pharmacotherapies is comparable, roughly doubling the cessation rates over control conditions. © 2006 Ashley Publications. ER  - 
Topiramate and its clinical applications in epilepsy$$$ Topiramate, a derivative of the monosaccharide D-fructose, has shown a wide spectrum of antiepileptic efficacy in both animal models and clinical trials. Multiple putative mechanisms of action include voltage-sensitive sodium channel blockade, calcium channel inhibition, increase of potassium conductance, GABA-mediated chloride current increment, glutamate-mediated neurotransmission inhibition and carbonic anhydrase isoenzyme inhibition. In general, the clinical response is maintained in the long-term. The most common side effects include somnolence, fatigue, headache, psychomotor slowing, confusion, difficulty with memory, impaired concentration and attention, speech and language problems and weight loss. If slowly titrated and used at a low-to-medium dosage, it is well tolerated and offers a valid therapeutic option, the relevance of which is comparable to that of the most widely used 'old' antiepileptic drugs. As it is not yet wholly clear which specific epilepsy syndromes may benefit most from topiramate with respect to other drugs, more accurate indications for initial monotherapy would require syndrome-oriented trials and more clinical experience. © 2006 Ashley Publications. ER  - 
Pharmacological treatment options for panic disorder in children and adolescents$$$ Although panic disorder usually emerges in early to middle adulthood, adults with panic disorder often retrospectively report that their panic symptoms began in childhood or early adolescence. The majority of these juvenile cases are being misdiagnosed, and/or do not come to clinical attention. Awareness of early-onset panic disorder, as well as a more precise definition of early signs and possible clinical subtypes, can favour timely diagnosis and treatment, reduce clinical impairment and improve the prognosis of these patients. In the context of a multimodal approach, pharmacological treatment can be helpful. This review focuses on the empirical evidence of pharmacotherapy in early-onset panic disorder, including selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors, benzodiazepines and tricyclics. The data supporting efficacy are still limited, and no controlled studies are available. Practical guidelines for the management of these patients are provided, including treatment of the most frequent psychiatric comorbidities. © 2006 Ashley Publications. ER  - 
Management of major depressive disorder following failure of first antidepressant treatment$$$ Clinical trial data suggest that at least one-third of depressed patients fail to respond to an adequate antidepressant treatment regimen. Alternative treatments are available to primary care physicians (PCPs) who seek to increase the likelihood of a successful therapeutic outcome for patients who are unresponsive to a first course of antidepressants. Nonpharmacologic strategies include cognitive-behavioral therapy, electroconvulsive therapy, light therapy, and exercise regimens. Vagus nerve stimulation is an option that has recently come available for patients who have had poor response to ≥4 treatment regimens. Additionally, transcranial magnetic stimulation may be available in the future. Pharmacologic alternatives include augmenting an antidepressant with a non-antidepressant, combining two antidepressants, or switching from one antidepressant to another. Although each of these options may have a role in the treatment of depression that is unresponsive to an appropriate first antidepressant regimen, evidence suggests that a good initial step would be to switch to an antidepressant in another class that offers a different mechanism of action. This article discusses a variety of alternative antidepressant treatments as well as the mechanics of switching regimens to assist PCPs in formulating the most appropriate and effective treatment strategy for patients with major depressive disorder whose first antidepressant treatment has failed. ER  - 
NMDA receptors are not alone: Dynamic regulation of NMDA receptor structure and function by neuregulins and transient cholesterol-rich membrane domains leads to disease-specific nuances of glutamate-signalling$$$ Glutamate receptors of the N-methyl-D-asparate (NMDA-) subtype are tetrameric allosteric and ligand-gated calcium channels. They are modulated by a variety of endogenous ligands and ions and play a pivotal role in memory-related signal transduction due to a voltage-dependent block by magnesium, which makes them Hebbian coincidence detectors. On the structural level NMDA receptors have an enormous flexibility due to seven genes (NR1, NR2A-D and NR3A-B), alternative splicing, RNA-editing and extensive posttranslational modifications, like phosphorylation and glycosylation. NMDA receptors are thought to be responsible for excitotoxicity and subsequent downstream events like neuroinflammation and apoptosis and thus have been implicated in many important human pathologies, ranging from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, Alzheimer's and Parkinson' disease, depression, epilepsy, trauma and stroke to schizophrenia. This fundamental significance of NMDA receptor-related excitotoxicity is discussed in the context of the developing clinical success of Memantine, but moreover set into relation to various proteomic and genetic markers of said diseases. The very complex localisational and functional regulation of NMDA receptors appears to be dependent on neuregulins and receptor tyrosine kinases in cholesterol-rich membrane domains (lipid rafts), calcium-related mitochondrial feedback-loops and subsynaptic structural elements like PSD-95 (post-synaptic density protein of 95 kD). The flexibility and multitude of interaction partners and possibilities of these highly dynamic molecular systems are discussed in terms of drug development strategies, in particular comparing high affinity and sub-type specific ligands to currently successful or promising therapies. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Competitive Gly/NMDA receptor antagonists$$$ Glutamic acid (Glu) is the major excitatory neurotransmitter in the mammalian central nervous system (CNS) where it is involved in the physiological regulation of different processes. It has been well established that excessive endogenous Glu is associated with many acute and chronic neurodegenerative disorders such as cerebral ischemia, epilepsy, amiotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), Parkinson's and Alzheimer's diseases. In addition to the classical competitive glutamate receptor (GluR) antagonists, much effort has been directed toward the development of many different non-competitive antagonists of these receptors and, among them, compounds blocking the glycine site on the NMDA receptor complex (Gly/NMDA) have been widely investigated. Many Gly/ NMDA receptor antagonists showed to be potential therapeutic agents in many neurological diseases such as stroke, epilepsy and neuropathic pain. Some of them, endowed also with favourable physicochemical properties and low secondary undesiderable effects, reached clinical trials. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Systematic overview of drug interactions with antidepressant medications$$$ Objective: Antidepressants are commonly used drugs with potential for numerous drug interactions. This study aims to systematically review the literature on drug interactions with antidepressants. Methods: We searched MEDLINE (1966 to November 2003) and EMBASE (1980 to 2003), using the heading drug interactions combined with individual antidepressant names. We restricted searches to English-language articles and human studies. We screened drug interaction texts and review articles for relevant studies. We included articles reporting original human data on drug interactions with antidepressants commonly used in North America. Articles were independently evaluated by 2 reviewers on clinical effect, clinical significance, and quality of evidence. Discrepancies were resolved by consensus. Results: There were 904 eligible interactions, involving 9509 patients, for a total of 598 summary interactions. Of these, 439 (73%) demonstrated an interaction, 148 (25%) had no effect, and 11 (2%) had conflicting evidence. For 510 interactions (85%), the quality of evidence was poor. It was fair for 67 (11%) interactions and good for 10 (2%) interactions. There were no interactions with excellent quality of evidence. There were 145 (24%) interactions of major clinical significance. These were predominantly hypertensive emergencies and serotonin syndrome. Most interacting drugs had central nervous system (CNS) activity. As expected, monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) appear to be the most problematic family in terms of potential for serious drug interactions. Conclusions: Drug interactions with antidepressants are an important cause for concern, but this concern is based primarily on poor evidence. We recommend caution when combining antidepressants with other CNS drugs, particularly when coadministering MAOIs with other substances. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes of stimulant medication in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder$$$ The rate of prescribing of stimulant medication for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been progressively increasing in countries such as the USA and Australia. In the short term, stimulant medication is effective in reducing the symptoms of ADHD and appears well tolerated with relatively minor side effects. In the long term, much of the benefit of stimulant medication disappears after medication is ceased. Studies have demonstrated only marginal improvements in adult outcomes following a period of treatment in childhood. This may be owing to the beneficial effects being masked by the variability of the condition, the developmental changes in symptomatology that happen with maturation and the substantial influence of social and environmental factors. Stimulant medication may give some protection against later substance abuse. Stimulant medication may slightly elevate the blood pressure and possibly increase susceptibility to seizures and to tics and Tourette syndrome. Starting treatment with stimulant medication is usually associated with weight loss and a transient slowing of the height velocity, although it is believed that most children catch up during puberty. No studies were found that listed strokes or heart attacks as potential or actual complications, although one individual from a group of normal controls died suddenly of cardiac arrest in adolescence. It would appear that the medical complications associated with amphetamine addiction are not relevant to the therapeutic use of stimulant medication in the treatment of ADHD, although there is limited information on extended periods of treatment lasting 10 years or more. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Epileptogenic drugs: A systematic review$$$ A wide range of substances, including drugs and illicit compounds, increase the risk of epileptic seizures. In this systematic review, the authors address the issue of the epileptogenic potential of marketed drugs, with the aims of providing criteria for the assessment of the cause-effect relationship between drug exposure and the risk of seizures; and to identify the compounds better fulfilling the requirements of an epileptogenic drug. Finding a correlation between drug exposure and occurrence of seizures does not necessarily establish a causal association. In light of the available evidence, even with these limitations, some conclusive remarks can be made on the epileptogenic potential of some active principles. Drugs with high epileptogenic potential include meperidine, sevoflurane, clozapine, phenothiazines and cyclosporine. Drugs with intermediate epileptogenic potential include propofol, maprotiline, tricyclic antidepressants and chlorambucil. Drugs with low epileptogenic potential include fluorquinolones, carbapenems, bupropion and iodinated contrast media. Drugs with minimal or inconclusive epileptogenic potential include interferon α. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of symptoms in multiple sclerosis$$$ The current focus regarding treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS) to be on therapies that may alter the course of the disease. Some of the evidence regarding the efficacy of these treatments is based on changes in the appearance of neuroimaging studies of the brain and spinal cord and not on the effect of these treatments on clinical symptomatology. Since most of our patients with MS continue to be symptomatic despite the use of immunomodulating agents, it is important for the treating neurologist to be familiar with treatments for these symptoms, many of which are extremely disabling to the patient. Knowing how to deal with common complaints/symptoms of MS enables us to better practice the art of neurological care. © 2006 W. S. Maney & Son Ltd. ER  - 
Extended treatment with bupropion SR for cigarette smoking cessation$$$ The authors present results of a randomized clinical trial of the efficacy of extended treatment with bupropion SR in producing longer term cigarette smoking cessation. Adult smokers (N = 362) received open-label treatment (11 weeks) that combined relapse prevention training, bupropion SR, and nicotine patch followed by extended treatment (14 weeks) with bupropion SR or matching placebo. Abstinence percentages were relatively high (week 11: 52%; week 25: bupropion, 42%; placebo, 38%; week 52: bupropion, 33%; placebo, 34%), but bupropion SR did not surpass placebo. Gender and baseline craving level were identified as significant, independent moderators of treatment response. Men were more likely to abstain than women (week 11: 59% vs. 43%, p =. 001; week 25: 48% vs. 31%, p =. 001; week 52: 39% vs. 27%, p =. 01). Because most smokers suffer relapse with any current cessation treatment, the comparatively high abstinence percentages achieved in this trial are of interest. Copyright 2006 by the American Psychological Association. ER  - 
Therapeutic potential of cannabinoid receptor ligands: Current status$$$ There are at least two types of cannabinoid receptors, CB1 also named CNR1 and CB2 also named CNR2, both coupled to G proteins. CB1 receptors exist primarily on central and peripheral neurons. CB2 receptors are present mainly on immune cells. Endogenous agonists for cannabinoid receptors (endocannabinoids) have also been discovered, the most important being arachidonoyl ethanolamide (anandamide), 2-arachidonoyl glycerol (2-AG), and 2-archidonyl glyceryl ether. Following their release, endocannabinoids are removed from the extracellular space and then degraded by intracellular enzymic hydrolysis. CB1/CB2 agonists are already used clinically as antiemetic or to stimulate appetite. Potential therapeutic uses of cannabinoid receptor agonists include the management of multiple sclerosis, spinal cord injury, pain, inflammatory disorders, glaucoma, bronchial asthma, vasodilatation that accompanies advanced cirrhosis, and cancer. © 2006 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of clobazam versus phenytoin-sodium in the antiepileptic drug treatment of solitary cysticercus granulomas$$$ Background: It is now agreed that the prognosis of seizure disorder due to solitary cysticercus granuloma (SCG) is generally good. However, the choice antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) remain empirical, with no comparative trials of different AEDs being available. Aims: To determine the safety and efficacy (measured by the incidence of 'treatment failure') of clobazam in comparison to standard treatment with phenytoin-sodium for prevention of seizures in persons with solitary cysticercus granulomas (SCGs). Settings and Design: This pilot study was conducted in a neurology department of a medical college hospital in the form of a prospective, randomized, open-labeled trial. Materials and Methods: Forty-eight patients with seizures due to SCG were randomized in an open-labeled trial to either, clobazam (1 mg/kg oral loading followed by 0.5 mg/kg/d) (n=21) or phenytoin (15 mg/kg, oral loading in 3 divided doses over 24 h, followed by 5 mg/kg/d) (n=27). They were followed over 6 months with the primary outcome measure being treatment failure (either discontinuation or modification of AEDs) due to either adverse effects or breakthrough seizures. Results: Treatment failures were noted to be significantly less common ( P =0.03) in the clobazam-treated group (n=1; 4.7%) than in phenytoin-treated group (n=9; 33.3%). These included one patient (4.7%) in the clobazam-group who had breakthrough seizures and 3 (11.1%) who had breakthrough seizures and 6 (22.2%) in the phenytoin-treated group who had adverse effects requiring treatment discontinuation. Conclusions: Clobazam was well tolerated, safe and more effective than phenytoin in the AED treatment of patients with SCG. ER  - 
Practice parameter: Treatment of Parkinson disease with motor fluctuations and dyskinesia (an evidence-based review): Report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology$$$ OBJECTIVE: To make evidence-based treatment recommendations for the medical and surgical treatment of patients with Parkinson disease (PD) with levodopa-induced motor fluctuations and dyskinesia. To that end, five questions were addressed. 1. Which medications reduce off time? 2. What is the relative efficacy of medications in reducing off time? 3. Which medications reduce dyskinesia? 4. Does deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the subthalamic nucleus (STN), globus pallidus interna (GPi), or ventral intermediate (VIM) nucleus of the thalamus reduce off time, dyskinesia, and antiparkinsonian medication usage and improve motor function? 5. Which factors predict improvement after DBS? METHODS: A 10-member committee including movement disorder specialists and general neurologists evaluated the available evidence based on a structured literature review including MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Ovid databases from 1965 through June 2004. RESULTS, CONCLUSIONS, AND RECOMMENDATIONS: 1. Entacapone and rasagiline should be offered to reduce off time (Level A). Pergolide, pramipexole, ropinirole, and tolcapone should be considered to reduce off time (Level B). Apomorphine, cabergoline, and selegiline may be considered to reduce off time (Level C). 2. The available evidence does not establish superiority of one medicine over another in reducing off time (Level B). Sustained release carbidopa/levodopa and bromocriptine may be disregarded to reduce off time (Level C). 3. Amantadine may be considered to reduce dyskinesia (Level C). 4. Deep brain stimulation of the STN may be considered to improve motor function and reduce off time, dyskinesia, and medication usage (Level C). There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the efficacy of DBS of the GPi or VIM nucleus of the thalamus in reducing off time, dyskinesia, or medication usage, or to improve motor function. 5. Preoperative response to levodopa predicts better outcome after DBS of the STN (Level B). Copyright © 2006 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
The Pharmacological Treatment Options for Pediatric Migraine: An Evidence-Based Appraisal$$$ The treatment of children and adolescents who suffer from migraine headaches must be individually tailored, flexible, and balanced with a blend of bio-behavioral measures, agents for acute treatment and, if needed, daily preventive medicines. While controlled data is limited, there is now enough evidence available to provide a rational framework to build treatment plans appropriate for the pediatric population. Essentially, the pharmacological management of pediatric migraine divides into agents for the acute attacks and agents used daily to prevent or reduce the frequency of attacks. For the acute treatment, the most rigorously studied agents are ibuprofen, acetaminophen, and the nasal spray forms of sumatriptan and zolmitriptan, all of which have shown both safety and efficacy in controlled trials. For preventive treatment the calcium channel blocker flunarezine has the best efficacy profile in controlled trials, but is not available in the U.S. A growing body of data, mostly uncontrolled, is emerging regarding the use of several anti-epileptic agents (e.g. topiramate, disodium valproate, levateracetam), as well as the antihistamine cyproheptadine and the anti-depressant amitriptyline. © 2006 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc. ER  - 
New Generation Anticonvulsants for the Treatment of Epilepsy in Children$$$ Summary: In the last 12 years, 10 new anticonvulsants have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and, as a result, the treatment options for children and adults with epilepsy have been expanded considerably. These new generation antiepileptic drugs offer equal efficacy with improved tolerability, pharmacokinetic properties, and side effect profiles compared with the traditional drugs. With many new medications available, the clinician treating children with epilepsy must be well versed in the application of these drugs to their patient population. This manuscript will review the indications, mechanism of action, pharmacokinetics, adverse effects, and dosing of the new generation of anticonvulsant medications. © 2006 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc. ER  - 
Eszopiclone, a Nonbenzodiazepine Sedative-Hypnotic Agent for the Treatment of Transient and Chronic Insomnia$$$ Objective: This paper reviews the pharmacologic and pharmacokinetic properties, clinical efficacy, and safety profile of the nonbenzodiazepine cyclopyrrolone agent eszopiclone in the management of adult patients with insomnia. Methods: Recent studies, abstracts, reviews, and consensus statements published in English were identified through searches of MEDLINE (1966-December 2005), International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (1970 December 2005), and PharmaProjects (1990-December 2005) using the search terms eszopiclone, cyclopyrrolone, insomnia, nonbenzodiazepine, and zopiclone enantiomer. Selected information provided by the manufacturer of eszopiclone was included, as were all pertinent clinical trials. Results: Eszopiclone is rapidly absorbed after oral administration, with Tmax achieved within ≈1 hour and a terminal-phase elimination half-life of ≈6 hours. Approximately 52% to 59% of a dose is weakly bound to plasma protein. Eszopiclone is extensively metabolized by oxidation and demethylation. In vitro studies have indicated that the cytochrome P450 (CYP) isozymes CYP3A4 and CYP2E1 are involved in the biotransformation of eszopiclone; therefore, drugs that induce or inhibit these CYP isozymes may affect the metabolism of eszopiclone. Eszopiclone is excreted in the urine as racemic zopiclone at <10% of the orally administered dose. Six Phase III clinical trials were identified that evaluated the safety profile and efficacy of eszopiclone, 1 in healthy subjects with transient insomnia and 5 in patients with primary chronic insomnia (3 in younger adults and 2 in the elderly). In the trials in younger adults, eszopiclone significantly improved sleep efficiency, sleep latency, wake time after sleep onset, number of awakenings, number of nights awakened weekly, total sleep time, and quality and depth of sleep compared with placebo (P < 0.05). In the trials in elderly patients, who received eszopiclone 2 mg or placebo for 2 weeks, eszopiclone was associated with significantly shorter sleep latency compared with placebo (P < 0.004), as well as a significant decrease in the cumulative number of naps (P < 0.05). The most commonly reported drug-related, dose-responsive adverse event in clinical trials of eszopiclone 2 and 3 mg was bitter taste (17% and 34%, respectively), followed by dizziness (5% and 7%) and dry mouth (5% and 7%). Somnolence occurred at an incidence of 4% to 9% with both doses. Tolerance or rebound insomnia was not reported. Conclusions: Eszopiclone represents an effective and well-tolerated option for the treatment of insomnia. In the absence of published studies comparing eszopiclone with similar hypnotic agents (eg, zolpidem, zaleplon, zopiclone), it is not yet possible to evaluate its efficacy relative to other agents used for insomnia. © 2006 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Modern antifungal therapy for neutropenic fever$$$ Empirical antifungal therapy has been shown to decrease the number of documented fungal infections in the setting of persistent fever during neutropenia. For decades, amphotericin B deoxycholate has been considered the agent of choice for first-line therapy in this setting. New antifungal agents associated with less toxicity, including the lipid formulations of amphotericin, voriconazole, and caspofungin, are now available and are considered to be suitable alternative first-line agents. In order to ensure appropriate therapy, however, the clinician must consider not only the differences between these antifungals but also patient-specific factors before initiating treatment. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Risk factors of mental disorders in epileptic patients: case-control study$$$ The aim of this study was to analyse the risk factors of mental disorders in epileptic patients. It was a case-control study concerning 200 epileptic out-patients examined in the department of Neurology of Monastir University Hospital during four months. Patients had been divided into two groups: the first (study-group) included 100 epileptic patients with mental disorders compared with a control-group of 100 epileptic patients without mental disorders. General seizures were significantly more frequent in the study-group (78%) than in the control-group (57%) (p=0,001). In the study-group, mental disorders were dominated by the behavioraland character disorders. Existence of temporal focus in electroencephalography or structural abnormality in tomodensitometry was more frequent in epileptic patients with mental disorders. The medium term course of epilepsy was significantly longer in the study-group (15.38 years versus 10?35 years; p=0.00007). Association of antiepileptic agents was significantly more frequent in study-group (38% versus 15%; p= 0,0002). However, no correlations were found between mental disorders and sex, age at onset of epileptic seizures and seizures frequency. The results of our study suggest that epilepsy characteristics and anti-epileptic treatment seem to be the principal factors of mental disorders in epileptic patients. ER  - 
Sertindole: A review of its use in schizophrenia$$$ Oral sertindole (Serdolect®) is an atypical antipsychotic approved in the EU for once-daily use in patients with schizophrenia who are intolerant to at least one other antipsychotic agent. Extensive data from post-marketing studies do not indicate an excess of overall mortality with sertindole. Sertindole is at least as effective as haloperidol and risperidone in the treatment of neuroleptic-responsive schizophrenia. Sertindole improves negative symptoms, and is also effective for the treatment of neuroleptic-resistant schizophrenia. Sertindole is generally well tolerated and is associated with a low rate of extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS). Thus, sertindole is a useful option in the treatment of patients with schizophrenia. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetic optimisation in the treatment of Parkinson's disease: An update$$$ Pharmacotherapy for Parkinson's disease is focused on dopaminergic drugs, mainly the dopamine precursor levodopa and dopamine receptor agonists. The elimination half-life (t1/2) of levodopa from plasma (in combination with a decarboxylase inhibitor) of about 1.5 hours becomes more influential as the disease progresses. The long-duration of response to levodopa, which is evident in early Parkinson's disease, diminishes and after a few years of treatment motor performance is closely correlated to the fluctuating plasma concentrations of levodopa. Absorption of levodopa in the proximal small intestine depends on gastric emptying, which is erratic and may be slowed in Parkinson's disease. The effects of levodopa on motor function are dependent on gastric emptying in patients in the advanced stages of disease. The current treatment concept is continuous dopaminergic stimulation (CDS). Sustained-release formulations of levodopa may provide more stable plasma concentrations. Oral liquid formulations shorten the time to reach peak concentration and onset of effect but do not affect plasma levodopa variability. The t1/2 of levodopa can be prolonged by adding a catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitor (entacapone or tolcapone), which may reduce fluctuations in plasma concentrations, although both peak and trough concentrations are increased with frequent administration. Intravenous and enteral (duodenal/jejunal) infusions of levodopa yield stable plasma levodopa concentrations and motor performance. Enteral infusion is feasible on a long-term basis in patients with severe fluctuations. Among the dopamine receptor agonists the ergot derivatives bromocriptine, cabergoline, dihydroergocryptine and pergolide, and the non-ergot derivatives piribedil, pramipexole and ropinirole, have longer t1/2 compared with levodopa. Thus, they stimulate dopamine receptors in a less pulsatile manner, yet pharmacokinetic studies of repeated doses of dopamine receptor agonists are few. Optimisation of these drugs is often performed with standardised titration schedules. Apomorphine and lisuride have short t1/2 and are suitable for subcutaneous infusion, with results similar to those of levodopa infusion. Transdermal administration of dopamine receptor agonists such as rotigotine might be an alternative in the future. In general, initial dopamine receptor agonist monotherapy is associated with poorer motor performance and lower incidence of motor complications compared with levodopa. Buccal administration of the monoamine oxidase-B inhibitor selegiline (deprenyl) provides better absorption and less formation of metabolites compared with standard tablets. To conclude, several new drugs, formulations and routes of administration have been introduced in the treatment of Parkinson's disease during the last decade, mainly with CDS as the aim. CDS can be approached by optimising the use of dopaminergic drugs based on pharmacokinetic data. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Inflammatory bowel disease: Current therapeutic options$$$ Medical management of inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) includes two treatment strategies: induction and maintenance of remission. 5-Aminosalycilates are mostly used for mild active IBD and for maintenance treatment in ulcerative colitis (UC). Glucocorticoids remain, despite their frequent (and occasionally severe) side effects, as the mainstay for induction of remission in moderate to severe active IBD, both UC and Crohn's disease (CD). Cyclosporine and infliximab have emerged as the main, rapid-acting, alternatives in steroid-refractory UC and CD, respectively. Thiopurines (azathioprine and 6-mercaptopurine) are the most efficient and used immunomodulators in IBD; steroid refractoriness, steroid dependency, and long-term maintenance of remission for both UC and CD are their main indications. Methotrexate and infliximab may be used in the same clinical settings asthiopurines in CD, but not in UC; however, these drugs are a second-line treatment because of safety profile and economic costs. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Should New Zealand continue signing up to the Pethidine Protocol?$$$ Pethidine is no longer considered a first-line analgesic. The evidence for this view is critically presented. Clinicians around the World recommend its removal from health-systems or restriction of its use. New Zealand needs to follow these trends. © NZMA. ER  - 
Interactions between antiepileptic and antipsychotic drugs$$$ Antiepileptic and antipsychotic drugs are often prescribed together. Interactions between the drugs may affect both efficacy and toxicity. This is a review of human clinical data on the interactions between the antiepileptic drugs carbamazepine, valproic acid (sodium valproate), vigabatrin, lamotrigine, gabapentin, topiramate, tiagabine, oxcarbazepine, levetiracetam, pregabalin, felbamate, zonisamide, phenobarbital and phenytoin with the antipsychotic drugs risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, clozapine, amisulpride, sulpiride, ziprasidone, aripiprazole, haloperidol and chlorpromazine; the limited information on interactions between antiepileptic drugs and zuclopenthixol, periciazine, fluphenazine, flupenthixol and pimozide is also presented. Many of the interactions depend on the induction or inhibition of the cytochrome P450 isoenzymes, but other important mechanisms involve the uridine diphosphate glucuronosyltransferase isoenzymes and protein binding. There is some evidence for the following effects. Carbamazepine decreases the plasma concentrations of both risperidone and its active metabolite. It also decreases concentrations of olanzapine, clozapine, ziprasidone, haloperidol, zuclopenthixol, flupenthixol and probably chlorpromazine and fluphenazine. Quetiapine increases the ratio of carbamazepine epoxide to carbamazepine and this may lead to toxicity. The data on valproic acid are conflicting; it may either increase or decrease clozapine concentrations, and it appears to decrease aripiprazole concentrations. Chlorpromazine possibly increases valproic acid concentrations. Lamotrigine possibly increases clozapine concentrations. Phenobarbital decreases clozapine, haloperidol and chlorpromazine concentrations. Phenytoin decreases quetiapine, clozapine, haloperidol and possibly chlorpromazine concentrations. There are major gaps in the data. In many cases there are no published clinical data on interactions that would be predicted on theoretical grounds. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychiatric and substance use disorders in individuals with hepatitis C: Epidemiology and management$$$ Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection is a major health concern in the US as well as in other countries worldwide. Treatment issues and disease management strategies are complicated by the extremely high rate of psychiatric and substance use disorders in those who have HCV. The majority of new and existing cases of HCV are related to injection drug use and, in this population, the prevalence of psychiatric comorbidity is high. Optimally, all patients with HCV should be screened for psychiatric and substance use disorders before initiation of antiviral therapy. If a patient screens positive, he or she should be referred to a mental healthcare provider or addiction specialist, assessed for the presence of a psychiatric or substance use disorder, and appropriately treated prior to initiation of antiviral (i.e. interferon) therapy. Although interferon-based therapies can lead to severe neuropsychiatric adverse effects, including in rare instances suicide, evidence suggests that many patients with comorbid psychiatric and substance use diagnoses can be treated safely and effectively using comanagement strategies. However, most patients with HCV are not treated with antiviral therapy. Therefore, we must expand our definition of HCV 'treatment' to include treatment of the comorbid psychiatric and substance use disorders that accompany HCV infection and precede antiviral therapy. This paper reviews the epidemiology and management of psychiatric and substance use disorders in patients with HCV, the issue of psychiatric and substance use disorders as contraindications for antiviral therapy, and current treatment strategies for HCV patients with these comorbid conditions. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Erectile dysfunction associated with pregabalin add-on treatment in patients with partial seizures: Five case reports$$$ Sexual dysfunction has been reported in both men and women with epilepsy. Associated factors are diverse but include, among others, antiepileptic drugs. We present the cases of 5 men who reported mild to moderate erectile dysfunction or impotence for the first time when treated with the new antiepileptic drug pregabalin as add-on therapy. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment-resistant bipolar disorder$$$ Despite the remarkable increase in medications validated as effective in bipolar disorder, treatment is still plagued by inadequate response in acute manic or depressive episodes or in long-term preventive maintenance treatment. Established first-line treatments include lithium, valproate and second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) in acute mania, and lithium and valproate as maintenance treatments. Recently validated treatments include extended release carbamazapine for acute mania and lamotrigine, olanzapine and aripiprazole as maintenance treatments. For treatment-resistant mania and as maintenance treatments, a number of newer anticonvulsants, and one older one, phenytoin, have shown some promise as effective. However, not all anticonvulsants are effective and each agent needs to be evaluated individually. Combining multiple agents is the most commonly used clinical strategy for treatment resistant bipolar patients despite a relative lack of data supporting its use, except for acute mania (for which lithium or valproate plus an SGA is optimal treatment). Other approaches that may be effective for treatment-resistant patients include high-dose thyroid augmentation, clozapine, calcium channel blockers and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Adjunctive psychotherapies show convincing efficacy using a variety of different techniques, most of which include substantial attention to education and enhancing coping strategies. Only recently, bipolar depression has become a topic of serious inquiry with the dominant controversy focusing on the place of antidepressants in the treatment of bipolar depression. Other than mood stabilizers alone or the combination of mood stabilizers and antidepressants, most of the approaches for treatment-resistant bipolar depression are relatively similar to those used in unipolar depression, with the possible exception of a more prominent place for SGAs, prescribed either alone or in combination with antidepressants. Future work in the area needs to explore the treatments commonly used by clinicians with inadequate research support, such as combination therapy and the use of antidepressants as both acute and adjunctive maintenance treatments for bipolar disorder. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Anticonvulsants in the treatment of bipolar mania$$$ A series of antiepileptic drugs have been investigated in terms of their ability to treat mania (with later applications for the treatment of bipolar depression and prevention of relapses). These include divalproex, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, gabapentin, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, tiagabine, topiramate and zonisamide. Although these drugs are all antiepileptic in action, they bring about these effects by different mechanisms; in particular, their impact on GABA differs significantly. Perhaps for this reason, their impact on mania varies greatly, with double-blind significant results evident only for valproate, carbamazepine and oxcarbazepine. Only valproate and carbamazepine are approved by the US FDA for use in mania; oxcarbazepine has never been found significantly effective in large-scale studies. Of the other options, both gabapentin and topiramate failed in large-scale investigations; tiagabine failed in small sample reports. Although lamotrigine has been successful in the prevention of depression relapse in bipolar disorder, it has not been effective in treating mania. Finally, there are no findings of large scale double-blind studies on the use of levetiracetam and zonisamide. A review of the kinetics, side effects and complications of the antiepileptic drugs indicates that carbamazepine is useful, and has adverse event benefit over all other options. The potential of zonisamide awaits further testing. © 2006 Ashley Publications. ER  - 
Adverse reactions to first-time antituberculosis drugs$$$ Introduction: Tuberculosis continues to be a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Currently available drugs are effective for treatment of the disease or latent infection, but may cause serious adverse effects. Methods: The authors reviewed the literature for side effects of five first-line antituberculous medications (isoniazid, rifampin, pyrazinamide, ethambutol and streptomycin). Incidence of the major side effects were compiled with particular attention to the incidence of isoniazid hepatotoxicity. Results: Hepatotoxicity to isoniazid is a serious problem. Although overall incidence may be decreasing, incidence averaged 9.2 per 1000 patients who were compliant, in multiple studies, with a case fatality rate of 4.7%. The incidence is higher with increasing age. Other serious adverse effects include dermatological, gastrointestinal, hypersensitivity, neurological, haematological and renal reactions. They can lead to drug discontinuation (in up to 10% of patients) or even more serious morbidity or mortality. Conclusions: Side effects to antituberculosis drugs are common, and include hepatitis, cutaneous reactions, gastrointestinal intolerance, haematological reactions and renal failure. These adverse effects must be recognised early, to reduce associated morbidity and mortality. © 2006 Ashley Publications. ER  - 
Naloxone during neonatal resuscitation: Acknowledging the unknown$$$ There are no studies to support or to refute the current recommendations regarding naloxone concentration, routes for administration, and doses in neonatal resuscitation in the delivery room. Given the lack of supporting evidence, naloxone should not be given routinely in the delivery room to depressed neonates whether or not they are exposed to opioids before delivery because no important improvement has been documented and the drug may have potential short- and long-term harmful effects. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Valproic acid management of acute alcohol withdrawal$$$ OBJECTIVE: To review the clinical evidence to determine the efficacy and safety of valproic acid in the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS). DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE (1966-February 2006), EMBASE (1980-February 2006), and PubMed (1966-February 2006) searches identified pertinent studies that were conducted in humans and published in English. Key words used for identification of articles included valproic acid, ethanol, alcohol, alcoholism, alcohol withdrawal delirium, alcohol withdrawal seizures, and substance withdrawal syndrome. References of identified articles were manually searched. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: All controlled clinical trials that evaluated the use of valproic acid for the management of AWS in humans were included. DATA SYNTHESIS: Comparisons were made among various regimens of valproic acid and traditional therapy with benzodiazepine or nonbenzodiazepine agents. Only 2 of 6 trials reported a statistically significant difference in favor of valproic acid on endpoints of AWS. However, these differences were of marginal clinical significance. The number of patients included in these studies did not allow for adequate evaluation of safety. CONCLUSIONS: The existing limited efficacy and safety data suggest that valproic acid should not replace conventional therapy or be used as adjunct therapy for management of mild-to-moderate AWS. ER  - 
Lithium in maintenance therapy for bipolar disorder$$$ Lithium has been used for the medical treatment of bipolar disorder for over 50 years. The purpose of this paper is to review the evidence base supporting the use of lithium in the maintenance phase of treatment of bipolar disorder and the limitations which reduce the clinical effectiveness of this medication. A selective review of the relevant literature was carried out. It is concluded that lithium is efficacious in the maintenance phase treatment of bipolar disorder, with the available evidence supporting a beneficial effect which prevents recurrence of mania; it is less clear if lithium prevents depressive episodes in bipolar disorder. A number of Lines of evidence support the notion that Lithium reduces suicidal acts and completed suicide. Lithium has a significant side effect burden and a narrow therapeutic index. It is also associated with an increased liability for new episodes, both manic and depressive, consequent upon stoppage of treatment. These factors limit the clinical effectiveness of lithium. © 2006 British Association for Psychopharmacology. ER  - 
The clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of newer drugs for children with epilepsy. A systematic review$$$ Objectives: To examine the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of newer antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) for epilepsy in children: gabapentin, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, oxcarbazepine, tiagabine, topiramate and vigabatrin. Data sources: Electronic databases. Drug company submissions. Review methods: For the systematic review of clinical and cost-effectiveness, studies were assessed for inclusion according to predefined criteria. Data extraction and quality assessment were also undertaken. A decision-analytic model was constructed to estimate the cost-effectiveness of the newer agents in children with partial seizures, the only condition where there were sufficient trial data to inform a model. Results: The quality of the randomised controlled trial (RCT) data was generally poor. For each of the epilepsy subtypes considered in RCTs identified for this review (partial epilepsy with or without secondary generalisation, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, infantile spasms, absence epilepsy and benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes), there is some evidence from placebo-controlled trials that the newer agents tested are of some value in the treatment of these conditions. Where active controls have been used, the limited evidence available does not indicate a difference in effectiveness between newer and older drugs. The data are not sufficient to inform a prescribing strategy for any of the newer agents in any of these conditions. In particular, there is no clinical evidence to suggest that the newer agents should be considered as a first-choice treatment in any form of epilepsy in children. Annual drug costs of the newer agents ranges from around £400 to £1200, depending on age and concomitant medications. An AED that is ineffective or has intolerable side-effects will only be used for a short period of time, and many patients achieving seizure freedom will successfully withdraw from drug treatment without relapsing. The results of the decision-analytic model do not suggest that the use of the newer agents in any of the scenarios considered is clearly cost-effective but, similarly, do not indicate that they are clearly not cost-effective. Conclusions: The prognosis for children diagnosed with epilepsy is generally good, with a large proportion responding well to the first treatment given. A substantial proportion, however, will not respond well to treatment, and for these patients the clinical goal is to find an optimal balance between the benefits and side-effects of any treatment given. For the newly, or recently, diagnosed population, the key question for the newer drugs is how soon they should be tried. The cost-effectiveness of using these agents early, in place of one of the older agents, will depend on the effectiveness and tolerability of these agents compared with the older agents; the evidence from the available trial data so far suggests that the newer agents are no more effective but may be somewhat better tolerated than the older agents, and so the cost-effectiveness for early use will depend on the trade-off between effectiveness and tolerability, both in terms of overall (long-term) treatment retention and overall utility associated with effects on seizure rate and side-effects. There are insufficient data available to estimate accurately the nature of this trade off either in terms of long-term treatment retention or utility. Better information is required from RCTs before any rational evidence-based prescribing strategy could be developed. Ideally, RCTs should be conducted from a 'public health' perspective, making relevant comparisons and incorporating outcomes of interest to clinicians and patients, with sufficiently long-term follow-up to determine reliably the clinical utility of different treatments, particularly with respect to treatment retention and the balance between effectiveness and tolerability. RCTs should mirror clinical practice with respect to diagnosis, focusing on defined syndromes or, where no syndrome is identified, on groups defined by specific seizure type(s) and aetiology. Epilepsy in children is a complex disease, with a variety of distinct syndromes and many alternative treatment options and outcomes. Diagnosis-specific decision-analytic models are required; further research may be required to inform parameter values adequately with respect to epidemiology and clinical practice. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2006. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The importance of long-term tolerability in achieving recovery$$$ Many patients with depression require long-term treatment to provide optimal clinical outcomes. Long-term tolerability is therefore important in facilitating adherence to treatment and thereby maintaining control over depressive symptoms. While the newer selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and serotonin noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) are generally better tolerated than older treatments, such as tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase inhibitors, they can still cause nausea, headache, sleep disturbances, dry mouth, weight gain and sexual dysfunction. However, SSRIs and SNRIs differ in the extent to which they are associated with adverse events. Available data suggest that treatment of depression with escitalopram (an SSRI) may result in fewer side effects than citalopram or paroxetine (other SSRIs), or venlafaxine (an SNRI). Adverse events decrease with time during long-term escitalopram treatment, and in one study, after a 52-week escitalopram treatment, fewer than 10% of patients had withdrawn due to adverse events. Escitalopram is well tolerated during long-term treatment and appears better tolerated than some other SSRIs and venlafaxine. This improved tolerability is particularly important when selecting an antidepressant for long-term use. © 2006 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy: A treatment protocol proposal$$$ Guidelines for diagnostic criteria and treatment of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) have been proposed by a joint task force of the European Federation of Neurological Societies and the Peripheral Nerve Society, based on available evidence and expert consensus. These should prove practical for the clinical management of CIDP. Intravenous immunoglobulin followed by corticosteroids should be considered as the initial treatment, however no clear second drug of choice for patients who do not respond to the initial treatment is given. The author reports the long-term therapeutic efficacy of ciclosporin for patients with CIDP who did not show sustained improvement under steroid therapy. Ciclosporin should be tried for patients with intractable CIDP who require repeated intravenous immunoglobulin. An adequate initial dose of ciclosporin is 3 mg/kg/day, with plasma trough concentrations between 100 and 150 ng/ml. If patients respond to ciclosporin, remission can be maintained for 2 years, after which the dose can be slowly reduced over 1 year. Eventual withdrawal should be considered. This review proposes a treatment strategy that includes long-term maintenance therapy for CIDP based on published clinical trials and the author's clinical experience. Current concepts concerning the clinical spectrum of CIDP and diagnostic approaches are also considered. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Drug therapy of trigeminal neuralgia$$$ Trigeminal neuralgia is a chronic pain syndrome of still unestablished origin. Its diagnosis depends on clinical grounds. Drug therapy initially helps a great majority of patients. The choice of drugs is quite large, but truly effective compounds with a tolerable side effect profile remain few. Carbamazepine (or oxcarbazepine) and lamotrigine appear to be the most effective, followed by baclofen. Several patients require further nonpharmacological treatment for which no evidence-based recommendation is possible. In the future, neuromodulation may be brought to bear, as in other chronic pain syndromes. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for biological treatment of schizophrenia, part 2: Long-term treatment of schizophrenia$$$ These guidelines for the biological treatment of schizophrenia were developed by an international Task Force of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP). The goal during the development of these guidelines was to review systematically all available evidence pertaining to the treatment of schizophrenia, and to reach a consensus on a series of practice recommendations that are clinically and scientifically meaningful based on the available evidence. These guidelines are intended for use by all physicians seeing and treating people with schizophrenia. The data used for developing these guidelines have been extracted primarily from various national treatment guidelines and panels for schizophrenia, as well as from meta-analyses, reviews and randomised clinical trials on the efficacy of pharmacological and other biological treatment interventions identified by a search of the MEDLINE database and Cochrane Library. The identified literature was evaluated with respect to the strength of evidence for its efficacy and then categorised into four levels of evidence (A-D). This second part of the guidelines covers the long-term treatment as well as the management of relevant side effects. These guidelines are primarily concerned with the biological treatment (including antipsychotic medication, other pharmacological treatment options, electroconvulsive therapy, adjunctive and novel therapeutic strategies) of adults suffering from schizophrenia. © 2006 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Depression in physical illness$$$ Symptoms of depression occur commonly in medical illness, yet it is not always clear at which point such symptoms merit clinical attention. There is a common misperception that all depression is an 'understandable' psychological reaction to a serious illness. This belief may result in patients being denied appropriate treatment. Depression in the physically ill has been shown to have a significant impact, with increased symptom burden, impaired functioning and reduced quality of life. Treatment may lead not only to an improvement in depressive symptoms but also improvement in somatic symptoms, functional abilities, and a reduction in healthcare costs. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Popular ergogenic drugs and supplements in young athletes$$$ Ergogenic drugs are substances that are used to enhance athletic performance. These drugs include illicit substances as well as compounds that are marketed as nutritional supplements. Many such drugs have been used widely by professional and elite athletes for several decades. However, in recent years, research indicates that younger athletes are increasingly experimenting with these drugs to improve both appearance and athletic abilities. Ergogenic drugs that are commonly used by youths today include anabolic-androgenic steroids, steroid precursors (androstenedione and dehydroepiandrosterone), growth hormone, creatine, and ephedra alkaloids. Reviewing the literature to date, it is clear that children are exposed to these substances at younger ages than in years past, with use starting as early as middle school. Anabolic steroids and creatine do offer potential gains in body mass and strength but risk adverse effects to multiple organ systems. Steroid precursors, growth hormone, and ephedra alkaloids have not been proven to enhance any athletic measures, whereas they do impart many risks to their users. To combat this drug abuse, there have been recent changes in the legal status of several substances, changes in the rules of youth athletics including drug testing of high school students, and educational initiatives designed for the young athlete. This article summarizes the current literature regarding these ergogenic substances and details their use, effects, risks, and legal standing. Copyright © 2006 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Current status of immunologic approaches to treating tobacco dependence: Vaccines and nicotine-specific antibodies$$$ In contrast to current pharmacotherapies, immunologic approaches to treating tobacco dependence target the drug itself rather than the brain. This approach involves the use of nicotine-specific antibodies that bind nicotine in serum, resulting in a decrease in nicotine distribution to the brain and an increase in nicotine's elimination half-life. This review summarizes the literature examining the effects of immunologic interventions on the pharmacokinetics and behavioral effects of nicotine in animal models, as well as recent phase I and II clinical trials in humans. Studies using various vaccines and nicotine-specific antibodies in rodents have shown that immunization can significantly reduce the behavioral effects of nicotine that are relevant to tobacco dependence (eg, nicotine self-administration). These findings provide proof of principle that immunologic interventions could have utility in the treatment of tobacco dependence. Thus far, phase I clinical trials of nicotine vaccines have not produced any serious adverse events in humans and have produced dose-dependent increases in serum antibody levels. Although preliminary data from these small trials suggest that vaccination can facilitate abstinence from tobacco use, more advance trials are needed. By acting outside the nervous system, immunologic approaches are less likely to produce the adverse side effects associated with current medications. In addition, the unique mechanism of action of immunotherapy makes it particularly suitable for combination with other pharmacological approaches. Taken together, the work completed to date provides substantial evidence that immunologic interventions could play an important role in future treatment strategies for tobacco dependence. Copyright ©2003. All Rights Reserved. ER  - 
Effects of zishen huoxue liangban decoction combined with huoba huagen on biochemical indexes of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus at active phase$$$ Aim: To study the effects of zishen huoxue liangban decoction which can nourish kidney-yin, cool blood and promote blood circulation, clear away heat and detoxify, activate the channel and clear away speckle combined with huoba huagen which can expel wind and remove dampness evil, relieve rigidity of muscles and activate collaterals, clear away heat and detoxify on the disease activities, hemorheology and yinxu redu xueyu syndrome of systemic lupus erythematosus at active phase. Methods: 1 Sixty outpatients (3 males and 57 females) with yinxu redu xueyu syndrome systemic lupus erythematosus at active phase were selected from the Department of Integrated Chinese and Western Medicine, First Affiliated Hospital and the Affiliated Hospital of College of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Chongqing University of Medical Sciences from January 1998 to June 2005. All these subjects were randomly divided into the therapy group (n=40, 2 males and 38 females) and the control group (n=20, 1 males and 19 females). 2Therapy group: Cases in therapy group were treated with zishen huoxue liangban decoction (containing: fructus ligustri lucidi 30 g, yerbadetajo herb 30 g, rhizoma anemarrhenae 15 g, excrementum bombycis 15 g, climbing groundsel herb 30 g, spreading hedyotis herb 30 g, japanese honeysuckle stem 30 g, red sage root 30 g, motherwort herb 15 g, bombyx batryticatus 15 g, etc.) and huoba huagen tablet (supported by the factory of Chongqing Academy of Chinese Material Medicine, Z20027411, 0.18 g/tablet). Zischen huoxue liangban decoction: 1 potion per day, 3 times a day; huoba huagen tablet: 0.9 g, 3 times a day for 2 months, then diminished the dosage gradually to the 6th months. Control group: Cases in control group were treated with standard period of prednisone. 3 To score for the systemic lupus erythematosus disease activity index before and 6 months after treatment: seizure 8, psychosis 8, organic brain syndrome 8, visual disturbance 8, cranial nervedisorder 8, lupus headache 8, new onset of cerebrovascular accident 8, vasculitis 8, arthritis 4, myositis 4, urinary casts 4, hematuria 4, proteinuria 4, pyuria 4, new rash 2, alopecia 2, mucosal ulcers 2, fever 1, decreased thrombocytopenia 1, decreased leukopenia 1. Figure out the total score. To determine the following disease activity indexes before and after treatment: antinuclear antibodies, anti-dsDNA autoantibodies, complement C3, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, routine urine examination, 24-hour proteinuria estimation and kidney function. Hemorheology indexes were measured with fully automated analysis system of hemorheology. The effects on patient with yinxu redu xueyu syndrome were assessed after treatment (remarkable efficiency: Symptoms and signs were improved obviously, the score of syndrome decreased ≥ 70%; mild efficiency: Symptoms and signs were improved mildly, the score of syndrome decreased ≥ 30%; inefficacy: Symptoms and signs weren't improved, the score of syndrome decreased < 30%, or even deteriorated). 4 All of the measurement data were analyzed with paired t test and the enumeration data were analyzed with χ2 test. Results: All of the 60 cases underwent the 6-month treatment and were involved in the analysis of results. 1 Comparing the total score of systemic lupus erythematosus disease activity index, the therapy group after treatment were obviously lower than that before treatment and also lower than that in the control group (P < 0.01). 2 For the disease activity indexes, the two groups after treatment were obviously better than that before treatment (P < 0.01). The hematuria, proteinuria and kidney function of the therapy group were obviously better than those in control group after treatment (P < 0.01). 3 All the patients' hemorheology indexes were largely increased. After treatment the whole blood viscosity, plasma viscosity, erythrocyte aggregation index and erythrocyte electrophoresis time in therapy group were significantly decreased than those in the control group (P < 0.01). 4 The effective rate of yinxu redu xueyu syndrome of the therapy group was superior to that in the control group significantly (P < 0.01). Conclusion: Zishen huoxue liangban decoction combined with huoba huagen on yinxu redu xueye syndrome systemic lupus erythematosus at active phase can control the disease activity, reduce its hyperhemorheology indexes and improve its yinxu redu xueyu syndrome. Its effect is superior to that of prednisone. ER  - 
Dexamethasone-based regimens versus melphalan-prednisone for elderly multiple myeloma patients ineligible for high-dose therapy$$$ Dexamethasone alone increases life expectancy in patients with relapsed multiple myeloma (MM); however, no large randomized study has compared dexamethasone and dexamethasone-based regimens with standard melphalan-prednisone in newly diagnosed MM patients ineligible for high-dose therapy. In the Intergroupe Francophone du Myelome (IFM) 95-01 trial, 488 patients aged 65 to 75 years were randomized between 4 regimens of treatment: melphalan-prednisone, dexamethasone alone, melphalan-dexamethasone, and dexamethasone-interferon alpha. Response rates at 6 months (except for complete response) were significantly higher among patients receiving melphalan-dexamethasone, and progression-free survival was significantly better among patients receiving melphalan (P < .001, for both comparisons), but there was no difference in overall survival between the 4 treatment groups. Moreover, the morbidity associated with dexamethasone-based regimens was significantly higher than with melphalan-prednisone, especially for severe pyogenic infections in the melphalan-dexamethasone arm and hemorrhage, severe diabetes, and gastrointestinal and psychiatric complications in the dexamethasone arms. Overall, these results indicated that dexamethasone should not be routinely recommended as first-line treatment in elderly patients with MM. In the context of the IFM 95-01 trial, the standard melphalan-prednisone remained the best treatment choice when efficacy and patient comfort were both considered. These results might be useful in the context of future combinations with innovative drugs. © 2006 by The American Society of Hematology. ER  - 
Epilepsy in children$$$ 10.5 million children worldwide are estimated to have active epilepsy. Over the past 15 years, syndrome-oriented clinical and EEG diagnosis, and better aetiological diagnosis, especially supported by neuroimaging, has helped to clarify the diversity of epilepsy in children, and has improved management. Perinatal and postinfective encephalopathy, cortical dysplasia, and hippocampal sclerosis account for the most severe symptomatic epilepsies. Ion channel defects can underlie both benign age-related disorders and severe epileptic encephalopathies with a progressive disturbance in cerebral function. However, the reasons for age-related expression in children are not understood. Neither are the mechanisms whereby an epileptic encephalopathy originates. Several new drugs have been recently introduced but have provided limited therapeutic benefits. However, treatment and quality of life have improved because the syndrome-specific efficacy profile of drugs is better known, and there is heightened awareness that compounds with severe cognitive side-effects and heavy polytherapies should be avoided. Epilepsy surgery is an important option for a few well-selected individuals, but should be considered with great caution when there is no apparent underlying brain lesion. ER  - 
Glutamate- and GABA-based CNS therapeutics$$$ Glutamate- and GABA-releasing neurons form the basis for neurotransmission in the mammalian central nervous system (CNS). The co-ordination of these excitatory and inhibitory systems, together with intrinsic voltage-gated ion channels and G-protein-coupled receptor modulation, provides the diverse neuronal firing patterns, network activity and synaptic plasticity that are required for the complexity of CNS function. Virtually all of the known molecular components of the γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and glutamate neurotransmitter systems have been considered as potential therapeutic targets. Positive allosteric modulators of GABAA receptors, such as the benzodiazepines, have found wide clinical use, and the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonists ketamine and memantine have therapeutic utility. In these fundamental neurotransmitter systems, drugs that provide allosteric modulation of ligand-gated ion channels or G-protein-coupled receptors, or seek to selectively target receptor subtypes, appear to hold the greatest promise for the desired balance of efficacy and tolerability. This might also be achieved through targeting transporter subtypes. A large number of compounds based on these strategies are currently in clinical trials for diseases that span a wide range of CNS disorders. ER  - 
GABAB receptor: A site of therapeutic benefit$$$ Although the presence of functional GABAB receptors in mammalian brain has been known for more than 20 years, there is still only one therapeutic agent in use, baclofen, which mediates its effects directly via this receptor. However, activation of this receptor can produce numerous effects that might be amenable to drug development. Evidence from preclinical studies also suggests that antagonism of the GABAB receptor produces beneficial clinical effects. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Glutamate-based therapeutic approaches: Clinical trials with NMDA antagonists$$$ The majority of clinical trials of N-methyl d -aspartate antagonists have been conducted in the fields of stroke, traumatic brain injury (TBI) and dementia. Stroke and TBI trials have involved more than 9000 patients, but have yielded no therapeutically useful agents, with the possible exception of magnesium for treatment of subarachnoid haemorrhage. Several of the synthetic N-methyl d -aspartate antagonist development programmes have been abandoned owing to concerns about drug toxicity, particularly in stroke. Systematic reviews in stroke and TBI have shown that definitive conclusions cannot be drawn for most agents owing to early termination of trials. In dementia, memantine has shown some benefit in moderate-to-severe Alzheimer's disease, with no clear benefit to date for milder stages of Alzheimer's disease or for vascular dementia. Other therapeutic areas of promise remain inadequately explored at present. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Kainate receptor physiology$$$ Glutamate receptors constitute a complex signalling system at most of the excitatory synapses in the brain. Of the known ionotropic glutamate receptors, kainate receptors are ubiquitous in the central nervous system, and a considerable amount of data indicates that this class of receptors is present at both sides of the synapse. Pre- and postsynaptic kainate receptors are able to regulate both transmission of information and excitability in a synapse-specific manner. Proteins interacting with kainate receptor subunits are being identified and functional studies have provided evidence of the existence of a dual signalling system. It has become clear that these receptors have a role in synaptic plasticity and that they might also have a fundamental role in epilepsy through the strategic control of network excitability. However, the role of kainate receptors in other brain pathologies remains obscure. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adolescent depression: Description, causes, and interventions$$$ Depression is one of the most prevalent of the psychiatric disorders and is common among individuals with epilepsy. Depression often begins in adolescence. The present review focuses on adolescent depression. In particular, this review first summarizes the definition, description, and classification of adolescent depression. Next, potential causes of adolescent depression are reviewed from a vulnerability-stress perspective. This part of the review focuses on the role of stressors and how stressors interact with genetic, biological, cognitive, personality, and interpersonal vulnerabilities to predict adolescent depression. Last, clinical aspects of adolescent depression are reviewed, including treatment and prevention of depression and the relation to epileptic disorders in adolescence. In sum, a substantial percentage of youth with epilepsy and seizures exhibit depression, and many are not diagnosed or treated in a timely manner. The present review shows that there are valid, empirically based assessments, treatments, and preventions for depression in adolescence that hold promise for reducing the significant burden associated with depression. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation use and effect in epilepsy: What have we learned?$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) for epilepsy has been available in the United States for 8 years. Pivotal randomized, blinded clinical trials leading to FDA approval in patients age 12 and older with refractory partial seizures have not been performed for other age groups or epilepsy syndromes. This practical review takes stock of the current information about VNS use and efficacy in various types of epilepsy. We review the evidence for commonly used stimulation parameters, end of battery life, predictors of response including duration of epilepsy, seizure type/epilepsy syndrome, bihemispheric seizures, age at implant, and prior cranial surgery. We review adverse events and VNS effects on respiratory patterns, cardiac function, and mood and behavior. With the recent U.S. approval of VNS for treatment-resistant depression, we anticipate that lessons learned from treating patients with epilepsy will be useful to physicians using VNS to treat patients with depression and possibly other conditions. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Subjective preference for lamotrigine or topiramate in healthy volunteers: Relationship to cognitive and behavioral functioning$$$ Objective. Outcomes research emphasizes patient self-assessment and preferences in optimizing treatment. We previously showed that lamotrigine produces significantly less cognitive and behavioral impairment compared with topiramate. In the current study we extend these observations to subject self-report of preference for lamotrigine or topiramate independent of potentially confounding effects of seizures or seizure control. Additionally, drug preference was related to effects of lamotrigine and topiramate on objective neuropsychological tests as well as self-perception on behavioral instruments. Methods: Thirtyseven healthy volunteers completed a double-blind, randomized crossover design incorporating tow 12-week treatment periods of lamotrigine and topiramate each titrated to a dose of 300 mg/day. Evaluation of 23 objective neuropsychological and 15 subjective behavioral measures occurred at four times: pretreatment baseline, first treatment, second treatment, and posttreatment baseline. Preference for lamotrigine or topiramate was assessed, while blinding was maintained, at the final study visit when each subject was asked which drug he or she would prefer to take. Results: A large majority (70%) preferred lamotrigine, 16% stated preference for topiramate, and 14% had no preference (drugs equivalent). Consistennt with preference, those preferring lamotrigine performed better on 19 of 23 objective and 13 of 15 subjective behavioral measurement while on lamotrigine. Inconsistent with preference, subjects preferring topiramate performed better on 19 of 23 objective and 9 of 15 subjective behavioral measures while on lamotrigine. Topiramate preference also did not correlate with IQ, serum concentration, body mass index, age, or gender. Topiramate preference did relateto responses on the Profile of Mood States. Conclusion: Lamotrigine was preferred by the majority of subjects, congruent with objective neuropsychological and subjective behavioral measures. In contrast, for those stating a preference for topiramate the results on objective neuropsychological measures were impaired while fewer complaints were noted on the Profile of Mood States. This suggests that preference for topiramate may be determined by an effect on mood. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Chronic disorders with episodic manifestations: Focus on epilepsy and migraine$$$ Epilepsy and migraine are chronic neurological disorders with episodic manifestations that are commonly treated in neurological practice and frequently occur together. In this review we examine similarities and contrasts between these disorders, with focus on epidemiology and classification, temporal coincidence, triggers, and mechanistically based therapeutic overlap. This investigation draws attention to unique aspects of both epilepsy and migraine, while identifying areas of crossover in which each specialty could benefit from the experience of the other. ER  - 
Carbon dioxide exhalation temporarily increases during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy induces hypermetabolism and elevates oxygen and energy demands, while more carbon dioxide is produced than usual. The purpose of the present study was to determine the elevated carbon dioxide exhalation and the adequate ventilation volume during electroconvulsive threrapy. Carbon dioxide exhalation during an electrically induced seizure was continuously monitored by capnography and spirography in 15 patients with endogenous depression. A laryngeal mask airway was used to measure the airway gas flow. Data were collected during a total of 80 electroconvulsive therapy trials. The carbon dioxide exhalation at 1 min after electrical stimulation was higher than the control value (2.8 ± 0.4 versus 2.3 ± 0.3 ml·min-1·kg-1, mean ± SD; P < 0.05). The ventilation volume was increased for 3 min after the electrical stimulation to maintain the end-tidal carbon dioxide partial pressure at 35-40 mmHg. The results showed that increasing the ventilation volume by approximately 20% may be necessary to compensate for the increased carbon dioxide exhalation during electroconvulsive therapy. © JSA 2006. ER  - 
Mechanisms of brain injury after global cerebral ischemia$$$ Cerebral ischemia results in a rapid depletion of energy stores that triggers a complex cascade of cellular events such as cellular depolarization and Ca2+ influx, resulting in excitotoxic cell death. The critical determinant of severity of brain injury is the duration and severity of the ischemic insult and early restoration of CBF. Induced therapeutic hypothermia following CA is the only strategy that has demonstrated improvement in outcomes in prospective, randomized clinical trials. Although pharmacologic neuroprotection has been disappointing thus far in a variety of experimental animal models, further research efforts are directed at using some agents that demonstrate marginal or moderate efficacy in combination with hypothermia. Although the signal transduction pathways and intracellular molecular events during cerebral ischemia and reperfusion are complex, potential therapeutic neuroprotective strategies hold promise for the future. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Randomized trial of pegylated interferon α-2b monotherapy in haemodialysis patients with chronic hepatitis C$$$ Background. Chronic hepatitis C infection is prevalent among haemodialysis patients. The goal of our study was to determine the efficacy and safety of pegylated interferon α-2b in haemodialysis patients with chronic hepatitis C. Methods. We conducted a trial which randomized haemodialysis patients with chronic hepatitis C to 1.0 or 0.5 μ/kg of pegylated interferon α-2b subcutaneously, weekly for up to 48 weeks. End-points were sustained viral response and adverse events. Data were analysed as intention to treat and as intended per protocol. Results. After 16 patients were enrolled, the study was terminated because of adverse events and modifications needed in the study design. Nine subjects were randomized to the 1.0 μ/kg group and seven subjects were randomized to the 0.5 μ/kg group. Serious adverse events requiring discontinuation of therapy occurred in five (56%) subjects in the 1.0 μ/kg group and in two (28%) subjects in the 0.5 μ/kg group (P = 0.36). The most common adverse events were hypertension and infection unrelated to neutropenia. Two (22%) subjects in the 1.0 μ/kg group, both genotype 1, had a sustained viral response, and none of the subjects in the 0.5 μ/kg group had a sustained viral response (P = 0.47). Five subjects in the 1.0 μ/kg group were able to complete 24 weeks or longer of therapy as per protocol and two (40%) were sustained responders. Conclusions. In our study group, pegylated interferon α-2b was poorly tolerated and was associated with substantial side effects. Sustained response rates seen with pegylated interferon in our study do not appear to be better than rates reported for standard interferon α-2b. © The Author [2005]. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of ERA-EDTA. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Complementary medicines in psychiatry: Review of effectiveness and safety$$$ Background: The use of complementary medicines in those with mental health problems is well documented. However, their effectiveness is often not established and they may be less harmless than commonly assumed. Aims: To review the complementary medicines routinely encountered in psychiatric practice, their effectiveness, potential adverse effects and interactions. Method: Electronic and manual literature search on the effectiveness and safety of psychotropic complementary medicines. Results: Potentially useful substances include ginkgo and hydergine as cognitive enhancers, passion flower and valerian as sedatives, St John's wort and s-adenosylmethionine as antidepressants, and selenium and folate to complement antidepressants. The evidence is less conclusive for the use of omega-3 fatty acids as augmentation treatment in schizophrenia, melatonin for tardive dyskinesia and 18-methoxycoronaridine, an ibogaine derivative, for the treatment of cocaine and heroin addiction. Conclusions: Systematic clinical trials are needed to test promising substances. Meanwhile, those wishing to take psychotropic complementary medicines require appropriate advice. ER  - 
Antiviral drugs in influenza: An adjunct to vaccination in some situations$$$ • Influenza is a common acute respiratory disease due to a virus that causes annual seasonal epidemics. Three major pandemics occurred in the 20th century, in 1918-1919, 1957 and 1968, mainly due to genetic variants of type A influenza virus. • In temperate regions the incide nce of hospitalisation increases during annual influenza epidemics. More than 90% of deaths linked to influenza involve people over 65 years of age. • The clinical manifes tations of influenza virus infection are non specific. The main complications are secondary bacterial respiratory tract infections (especially pneumonia); those most at risk are people over 65, infants less than one year old, and people with underlying chronic disorders (pulmonary, cardiac, renal or metabolic) or immune deficiencies. • Vaccination is the main preventive measure. During mo st years the vaccine strain closely matches the epidemic strain. In relative terms, vaccination of people over 65 reduces the number of deaths linked to influenza by about 80%, hospitalisation and pneumonia by about 50%, and symptomatic influenza by about 30%. Yearly vaccination is recommended for younger people with serious chronic disease. • Three antiviral dr ugs are currently approved in France for prevention or treatment of influenza: amantadine and the neuraminidase inhibitors zanamivir and oseltamivir. • Efficacy of antiviral drugs h as not been evaluated in comparative randomised trials in which death and influenza complications were the primary outcome measures. • A systematic review of 20 comparative ran domised trials involving about 2500 healthy people showed that amantadine reduced the frequency of flu-like syndromes by about 7% in absolute terms (26.3% versus 33.1% with placebo). Zanamivir and oseltamivir have only been shown to reduce the frequency of serologically confirmed episodes of influenza (0.4% to 2.5%, compared to 4.4% to 14.9% with placebo). • In a randomised plac ebo-controlled trial of oseltamivir, involving 548 institutionalised subjects over 65 years of age, more than 80% of whom had been vaccinated, respiratory tract infections were less frequent in the oseltamivir group, but the relevance of this result is undermined by the small number of observed cases. • Efficacy of antiv iral drugs on avian influenza (bird flu) was studied during a 2003 Dutch outbreak due to a type A/H7N7 virus. Among the 38 exposed persons who were treated, about 3% developed symptoms, compared with about 10% of 52 exposed persons who refused treatment (p=0.38). The low statistical power and the lack of randomisation rule out any firm conclusions on preventive effects. • The three antiviral drugs have different profiles of adverse effects and drug interactions. Amantadine carries a risk of neuropsychological, atropinic and dopaminergic adverse effects, and can interact with drugs that have similar effects. Zanamivir carries a risk of life-threatening bronchospasm. Oseltamivir was approved relatively recently and its full spectrum of adverse effects is not yet known; its main adverse effects appear to be mild gastrointestinal disturbances, although a few cases of serious cutaneous reactions have been reported. • In vitro resistance to the three drugs has been demonstrated, but the possible clinical and epidemiological consequences are unclear. • In situations warranting antiviral therapy for the prevention of influenza, oseltamivir, at a dose of 75 mg/day for 10 days, is the drug with the best risk-benefit balance. Its use should be limited to situations where a major potential benefit exists in order to avoid selection for resistant strains. • Testing of oseltamivir in children is limited. Oseltamivir should be avoided during pregnancy, because of evidence that it may harm the unborn child. • In practice, the use of antiviral drugs in otherwise healthy adults and children is not generally recommended. • Despite the lack of conv incing data regarding the efficacy of oseltamivir in preventing complications of influenza, its effect on documented infections suggests it may be useful for unvaccinated individuals who are at high risk of infection and severe complications. Under these conditions, treatment should be started within 48 hours after contact with a person who has flu-like symptoms during a seasonal epidemic; residents in institutions in which influenza cases occur may also qualify for preventive treatment. Other preventive measures should also be used, including immediate vaccination, case isolation, use of face masks, and more frequent hand washing. • During seasonal influen za epidemics due to viral strains against which the current vaccine is of limited effectiveness, the utility, target populations and optimal duration of preventive antiviral treatment must be determined by examining the groups most at risk and the severity of complications. • Most flu-like syndromes are not due to the influenza virus, and the preventive effect of antiviral drugs on complications in persons at risk has not yet been demonstrated. • In practice, antiviral drugs are not an alternative to influenza vaccination, but may be a useful adjunct in some situations. It is best to limit their use to short-term prophylaxis of vulnerable persons in situations where the risk of contracting influenza virus infection is high. ©Review prepared and translated by the Prescrire Editorial Staff. ER  - 
Isoprenylated proteins$$$ Isoprenoids are synthesized in all living organisms and are incorporated into diverse classes of end-products that participate in a multitude of cellular processes relating to cell growth, differentiation, cytoskeletal function and vesicle trafficking. In humans, the non-sterol isoprenoids, farnesyl pyrophosphate and geranylgeranyl-pyrophosphate, are synthesized via the mevalonate pathway and are covalently added to members of the small G protein superfamily. Isoprenylated proteins have key roles in membrane attachment and protein functionality, have been shown to have a central role in some cancers and are likely also to be involved in the pathogenesis and progression of atherosclerosis and Alzheimer disease. This review details current knowledge on the biosynthesis of isoprenoids, their incorporation into proteins by the process known as prenylation and the complex regulatory network that controls these proteins. An improved understanding of these processe is likely to lead to the development of novel therapies that will have important implications for human health and disease. © Birkhäuser Verlag, 2006. ER  - 
Use of bupropion in combination with serotonin reuptake inhibitors$$$ Incomplete symptom remission and sexual side effects are common problems for which bupropion often is added to treatment with selective serotonin and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs and SNRIs) for patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). This article reviews the literature on combining bupropion with SSRIs or SNRIs. We used MEDLINE to select studies that included patients diagnosed with MDD treated with any combination of bupropion and an SSRI or SNRI, either to enhance antidepressant response or to ameliorate antidepressant-associated sexual dysfunction. Bibliographies of located articles were searched for additional studies. Controlled and open-label studies support the effectiveness of bupropion in reversing antidepressant-associated sexual dysfunction, whereas open trials suggest that combination treatment with bupropion and an SSRI or SNRI is effective for the treatment of MDD in patients refractory to the SSRI, SNRI, or bupropion alone. The available data suggest that, although not an approved indication, the combination of bupropion and either an SSRI or an SNRI is generally well tolerated, can boost antidepressant response, and can reduce SSRI or SNRI-associated sexual side effects. Additional randomized controlled studies are needed to answer important questions, such as those regarding optimal dose and duration of treatment. © 2005 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
Introduction to zonisamide$$$ Zonisamide (Zonegran®), a novel antiepileptic drug (AED) approved recently in Europe as adjunctive therapy for refractory partial seizures in adults, has been used extensively in Japan and the United States. A substantial body of clinical experience has accumulated over a 14-year period, allowing the properties and pharmacologic/clinical profiles of zonisamide to be clearly defined. Zonisamide is structurally distinct from other AEDs and has multiple and complementary mechanisms of action, which likely contribute to its efficacy across a broad range of epilepsy types. Zonisamide has a long T1/2 enabling once-daily dosing, linear pharmacokinetics and minimal interaction with other drugs; plasma levels of commonly administered AEDs and oral contraceptives are unaffected by concomitant zonisamide. Effective control of partial seizures (up to 51% decrease in seizure frequency) is attained at doses of ≥300 mg/day, and optimal titration and maintenance dosing schedules have been established. The adverse event profile is well defined; in common with most AEDs, most adverse events are central nervous system-related (e.g. somnolence, dizziness, tiredness). Adverse events may be minimised with appropriate patient management. Zonisamide therefore has many characteristics considered desirable in an AED and represents a valuable addition to the therapeutic options for treating epilepsy in Europe. ER  - 
Advances in the pharmacotherapy of alcoholism: Challenging misconceptions$$$ This article highlights the proceedings of a symposium presented at the 28th Annual Scientific Meeting of the Research Society on Alcoholism in Santa Barbara, CA, June 27, 2005. The organizer and chair was Henry R. Kranzler. The presentations included: (1) Introduction, by Henry R. Kranzler; (2) Neurobiology of Alcohol Dependence: Implications for Medical Treatment, by George Koob; (3) Advances in Alcoholism Pharmacotherapy, by Henry R. Kranzler; (4) Patient Acceptance of Alcoholism Pharmacotherapy, by David R. Gastfriend; (5) System Challenges in the Adoption of Pharmacotherapy, by Robert M. Swift; and (6) Pharmacotherapy for Alcohol Dependence: Strengths, Challenges, and Future Directions, by Mark L. Willenbring. Copyright © 2006 by the Research Society on Alcoholism. ER  - 
Neuropsychological assessment with the Visual Gestalt Test: psychometric properties and differential diagnostic probabilities.$$$ The Visual Gestalt Test is a neuropsychological instrument developed for evaluation of learning and memory of visuo-spatial material. A revised strategy of scoring has motivated the present study, where data from 153 normal persons, 99 epilepsy patients, and 24 depressed patients are presented and compared. The Visual Gestalt Test is observed to discriminate between normal and diagnosed groups in several ways. Additionally it is found to discriminate between depressed and brain damage subgroups of patients. Data are presented in order to supplement previously published ways of scoring and norms. Practical guidelines for the clinical applications of the test are suggested as perspectives. ER  - 
Intrathecal analgesic drug therapy$$$ Intrathecal analgesic infusion therapy through an implantable system is a sophisticated medical therapy for those who suffer from chronic, severe pain who are unresponsive to traditional medical therapy. This article describes the patient selection and monitoring process and reviews available intrathecal medications and combinations. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Relationships of tacrolimus pharmacokinetic measures and adverse outcomes in stable adult liver transplant recipients$$$ Background and objectives: Alternative measures to trough concentrations [non-trough concentrations and limited area under the concentration-time curve (AUC)] have been shown to better predict tacrolimus AUC. The aim of this study was to determine if these are also better predictors of adverse outcomes in long term liver transplant recipients. Methods: The associations between tacrolimus trough concentrations (C0), non-trough concentrations (C1, C2, C4, C6/8), and AUC0-12 and the occurrence of hypertension, hyperkalaemia, hyperglycaemia and nephrotoxicity were assessed in 34 clinically stable liver transplant patients. Results and discussion: The most common adverse outcome was hypertension, prevalence of 36%. Hyperkalaemia and hyperglycaemia had a prevalence of 21% and 13%, respectively. A sequential population pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic approach was implemented. No significant association between predicted C0, C 1, C2, C4, C6/8 or AUC 0-12 and adverse effects could be found. Tacrolimus concentrations and AUC measures were in the same range in patients with and without adverse effects. Conclusions: Measures reported to provide benefit, preventing graft rejection and minimizing acute adverse effects in the early post-transplant period, were not able to predict adverse effects in stable adult liver recipients whose trough concentrations were maintained in the notional target range. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of noncardiac chest pain of psychological origin$$$ Psychiatric comorbidity is not an uncommon phenomenon in patients with noncardiac chest pain (NCCP). Panic disorder seems to be the most important psychiatric comorbidity for a number of reasons. First, it is the most common psychiatric disorder associated with NCCP. Second, panic disorder is a highly treatable condition that can produce dramatic improvement of NCCP when treatment is appropriate. Finally, the treatment of psychiatric comorbidity, whether panic disorder or other psychiatric disorders, can pay significant dividends in terms of improving the patient's overall well-being and adaptation to illness, even if his/her chest pain symptoms are not alleviated. Adopting a biopsychosocial model to intervene on the stress of these patients' experience is a key concept that can make NCCP a much less formidable challenge for the gastroenterologist. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Bipolar disorder: Historic perspective, current pharmacologic treatment options and a review of quetiapine$$$ Bipolar disorder is a complex mental illness that is frequently both under-diagnosed and under-treated. The symptoms of bipolar disorder can be confused with other medical illnesses or drug effects or may even be overlooked entirely as extreme character traits. The consequences of delayed diagnosis or misdiagnosis are potentially devastating, including loss of employment, impaired relationships and a severely impaired quality of life. This article will review the historic perspectives of bipolar disorder, the diagnostic criteria for the phases of the illness, and the pharmacologic options available to treat this condition. Quetiapine, an atypical antipsychotic, will be reviewed indepth. Based on extensive trial data, reviewed in this article, quetiapine is approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for use as monotherapy or as adjunctive therapy with other mood stabilizers for the treatment of acute manic episodes of bipolar I disorder. Clinical trials describing the efficacy of quetiapine in other phases of bipolar disorder and in other patient populations are also reviewed. A discussion of the drug profile of quetiapine includes its chemistry, availability, pharmacodynamics, pharmacokinetics and metabolism. Preclinical studies, postmarketing surveillance, safety, tolerability and regulatory issues are also evaluated. Finally, potential future directions for quetiapine are discussed, together with a review of key issues in bipolar disorder management and details of the information resources used in preparing this article. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations of children and adolescents with juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus: Is there an association with antiphospholipid antibodies?$$$ Objective: to study the frequency of antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL) in patients with juvenile systemic lupus erythematosus (JSLE) and the possible association to neuropsychiatric manifestations. Methods: retrospective analysis of charts of 64 JSLE patients according to the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) classification criteria, followed for at least six months. The neuropsychiatric manifestations were defined by the presence of: headache, seizure, cerebrovascular accident (CVA), chorea, medular or peripheral neuropathy and behavior disturbances with psichosis or not. The aPL were tested in two occasions with an interval of two months. Values greater than 20 for IgG or 12 for IgM were considered as positive. The lupus anticoagulant was tested in 32 patients. The statistical analysis was performed using the Fisher's exact test with a significance level of 0,05. Results: 38 (59.4%) out of 64 JSLE patients had neuropsychiatric manifestations. APL antibodies were presented in 29 patients (45.3%). We did not observe a difference of the aPL antibodies positivity in patients with or without neuropsychiatric manifestations (44.7% × 46%, respectively). The aPL antibodies were positive in three out four patients with CVA and in the three patients with chorea. Conclusion: although we have not found a higher frequency of aPL antibodies in patients with neuropsychiatric manifestations, our results showed that an association between the aPL antibodies and chorea or CVA may exist. ER  - 
Pediatric bipolar disorder: Emerging diagnostic and treatment approaches$$$ Pediatric bipolar disorder is increasingly recognized as a serious and prevalent mood disorder that requires early recognition and intervention. New screening and diagnostic tools are available to aid in the diagnosis of disorder in children and adolescents who have bipolar disorder. Additional data supporting the use of mood stabilizers and atypical antipsychotics in this population are also emerging. Combinations of existing psychotropics remain the most effective treatment of pediatric bipolar disorder at this point. Novel agents, particularly anticonvulsants (ie, lamotrigine), may add to the armamentarium, albeit primarily as augmenting and stabilizing agents. Bipolar disorder is a chronic disorder in children and adolescents, much like diabetes, and is best managed with supportive and educational therapies that involve the patient and the family. Several groups are developing programs that recognize this need [98-100]. Increased recognition, diagnosis, and treatment of pediatric patients who have bipolar disorder will improve the outcome for these patients and their families. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment-refractory schizophrenia in children and adolescents: An update on clozapine and other pharmacologic interventions$$$ Treatment-refractory early-onset schizophrenia is a rare but severe form of the disorder associated with poor premorbid function and long-term disability. The currently available evidence suggests that clozapine remains the most efficacious treatment for the amelioration of both positive and negative symptoms of the disorder and problematic aggressive behaviors. Clozapine use in children and adolescents, however, is limited by its association with hematologic adverse events and an increased frequency of seizure activity. Further studies are needed to examine the usefulness of antipsychotic combinations and of augmentation therapies to antipsychotic medications in order to treat persistent residual psychotic symptoms in children and adolescents who have schizophrenia and who have not responded to several sequential trials of antipsychotic monotherapy. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Recognizing and monitoring adverse events of second-generation antipsychotics in children and adolescents$$$ Adverse effects are part of almost all pharmacologic interventions. The acuity, severity, and chronicity of adverse effects influence medication effectiveness, physical and psychologic health, compliance, and overall outcome. The available data suggest that children and adolescents are at higher risk than adults for experiencing sedation, acute EPS, withdrawal dyskinesia, and significant weight gain during treatment with SGAs. It further seems that weight gain is not a dose-related effect and is not attenuated by stimulant cotreatment, whereas divalproex cotreatment may add to the risk. Head-to-head studies of different SGAs in pediatric patients are sparse but suggest that olanzapine, as in adults, is associated with the greatest risk for weight gain. Data on clozapine in youths are too scarce to reconfirm the even higher risk for weight gain found in pretreated adults. It seems, however, that risperidone has a more negative effect on body weight in children than in adults and that ziprasidone and aripiprazole may not be as weight neutral as found in adult studies that predominantly include individuals with long previous antipsychotic exposure that potentially masks the weight gain potential. Although it would be expected that the adverse changes in body composition would be associated with higher rates of dyslipidemia and insulin resistance, two eminent risk states for future development of diabetes and cardiovascular morbidity, more data are required to reconfirm this concern. As in adults, prolactin elevations are most pronounced and frequent with risperidone treatment. Although the prolactin increase is most prominent early in treatment, is not necessarily correlated with sexual dysfunction, may normalize over 1 year (at least in prepubertal boys), and may not affect maturation, more data are required to substantiate these preliminary findings. Blood dyscrasias are most frequent with clozapine treatment but are sufficiently infrequent and reversible with appropriate monitoring so that the risk for neutropenia should not limit the use of clozapine in treatment-resistant youngsters. The same is true for the increased seizure rate at higher doses of clozapine, which can be treated successfully with addition of valproate. QTc prolongation seems to be a potential concern for pediatric patients treated with ziprasidone, although overdoses of other agents or combinations of two SGAs may also prolong QTc. No clear case of torsades de pointes has been reported to date in a ziprasidone-treated patient, however. Especially given the widespread and increasing use of SGAs in children and adolescents for psychotic and a wide variety of nonpsychotic conditions, more and larger-scale safety monitoring studies in youngsters that parallel clinical treatment settings are needed to inform clinicians about the acute and chronic safety profiles of different antipsychotic agents. This information is required to evaluate comprehensively the risk-to-benefit profile of individual antipsychotic agents as well as to help identify patients at high risk for the development of certain adverse events early to allow treatment adjustments. Until data that will enable the development of more individualized treatment algorithms become available, clinicians should attempt to match the differential side-effect profiles of SGAs to patient factors and employ the suggested monitoring strategies to maximize the effectiveness and minimize the adverse outcomes in those vulnerable youngsters who are in need of antipsychotic treatment. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
GABAA receptor subtypes as targets for neuropsychiatric drug development$$$ The main inhibitory neurotransmitter system in the brain, the γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) system, is the target for many clinically used drugs to treat, for example, anxiety disorders and epilepsy and to induce sedation and anesthesia. These drugs facilitate the function of pentameric A-type GABA (GABAA) receptors that are extremely widespread in the brain and composed from the repertoire of 19 subunit variants. Modern genetic studies have found associations of various subunit gene polymorphisms with neuropsychiatric disorders, including alcoholism, schizophrenia, anxiety, and bipolar affective disorder, but these studies are still at their early phase because they still have failed to lead to validated drug development targets. Recent neurobiological studies on new animal models and receptor subunit mutations have revealed novel aspects of the GABAA receptors, which might allow selective targeting of the drug action in receptor subtype-selective fashion, either on the synaptic or extrasynaptic receptor populations. More precisely, the greatest advances have occurred in the clarification of the molecular and behavioral mechanisms of action of the GABAA receptor agonists already in the clinical use, such as benzodiazepines and anesthetics, rather than in the introduction of novel compounds to clinical practice. It is likely that these new developments will help to overcome the present problems of the chronic treatment with nonselective GABAA agonists, that is, the development of tolerance and dependence, and to focus the drug action on the neurobiologically and neuropathologically relevant substrates. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Galantamine: A cholinergic patch in the treatment of alcoholism: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objectives: The involvement of the central cholinergic system in alcohol abuse behavior is well known. It is possible that the reinforcing effects of ethanol are partially mediated by nicotinic receptors, which modulate neurotransmitter release. It was demonstrated that the application of a cholinesterase inhibitor reduces alcohol consumption in alcohol-preferring rats. This suggests that galantamine (GAL), a cholinesterase inhibitor, could be effective when seeking to prolong abstinence in recently detoxified alcoholics. This study represents the first reported clinical trial of a cholinergic drug in alcohol-relapse prevention. Patients and methods: We investigated the efficacy and safety of GAL by conducting a 24-week randomized, placebo-controlled, multicentric clinical trial on 149 recently detoxified alcoholics. Survival analyses (Kaplan-Meier) were performed to reveal evidence of prolonged abstinence periods in patients who received GAL. Results: Our findings did not support our hypothesis. GAL did not extend the time to first severe relapse. However, additional post hoc analyses suggest that relapsed patients treated with GAL consume less ethanol per drinking day than patients treated with placebo. Conclusions: GAL seems to be ineffective when used in relapse prevention of detoxified alcoholics. It is possible that alcohol needs to be "on board" for GAL to be beneficial. This could explain why our post hoc analysis showed that GAL possibly reduces the alcohol consumption of relapsers. If confirmed, GAL could play a role in the reduction of harmful alcohol use and at-risk consumption. © Springer-Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Depression and suicide attempt as risk factors for incident unprovoked seizures$$$ Major depression has been shown to increase the risk for development of epilepsy, but prior studies have not evaluated whether this is due to specific symptoms of depression. We conducted a population-based case-control study of all newly diagnosed unprovoked seizures among Icelandic children and adults aged 10 years and older to test the hypothesis that major depression is a risk factor for developing unprovoked seizure and epilepsy, and to address whether specific symptoms of depression account for this increased risk. Cases were matched to the next two same sex births from the population registry. Using standardized interviews, we ascertained symptoms of major depression to make a Diagnostic and Statistical Manual, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV) diagnosis. A history of major depression was 1.7-fold more common among cases than among controls (95% confidence interval, 1.1-2.7). A history of attempted suicide was 5.1-fold more common among cases than among controls (95% confidence interval, 2.2-11.5). Attempted suicide increased seizure risk even after adjusting for age, sex, cumulative alcohol intake, and major depression or number of symptoms of depression. Major depression and attempted suicide independently increase the risk for unprovoked seizure. These data suggest that depression and suicide attempt may be due to different underlying neurochemical pathways, each of which is important in the development of epilepsy. © 2005 American Neurological Association. ER  - 
Cognitive and memory effects of the new antiepileptic drugs$$$ Problems with cognition are common in patients with epilepsy. A series of double-blind, randomized, crossover, healthy volunteer studies have been conducted to avoid a variety of the confounding effects on cognition such as those produced by changes in seizure frequency. All of the older AEDs produced cognitive effects compared to the non-drug conditions. The cognitive effects of several of the new AEDs are described although data are limited. Studies have demonstrated that in utero AED exposure in humans may affect cognitive development. Although the cognitive effects of AEDs are generally modest, these effects can have clinical significance. The available data suggest that some of the new AEDs have fewer effects on cognition and memory than the older AEDs, and these differences can have clinical impact. ER  - 
Active control trials: Endpoints beyond conventional efficacy and tolerability measures$$$ Clinical trial endpoints often extend beyond conventional efficacy and tolerability measures. While it is generally assumed that seizure control without major adverse drug effects is by far the most important determinant of quality of life, other factors also are important. Pharmacokinetic endpoints could also provide relevant information for optimal drug use. Outcome measures could reveal drug effects on mood, headache, and sleep disorders, as well as overall quality of life and seizure severity. ER  - 
Pharmacological management of sleep apnoea$$$ Obstructive sleep apnoea poses a significant health hazard that is associated with leading causes of mortality and morbidity. Nasal continuous positive airway pressure is the primary treatment modality, with surgical treatments as alternatives. Oral appliances and pharmacological therapy remain adjunctive modalities. Non-specific treatments include weight loss, postural therapy and behavioural measures. Pharmacotherapy goals include the reduction of risk factors for sleep apnoea; correction of underlying predisposing metabolic diseases, such as hypothyroidism or acromegaly; treatment of associated symptoms, including excessive daytime sleepiness; and prevention of apnoeas/hypopnoeas. This paper reviews data supporting the treatment of sleep apnoea with various pharmacological agents, including intranasal corticosteroids, decongestant sprays, nicotine therapy, opiate antagonists, methylxanthine derivatives, oestrogen and progesterone, testosterone, thyroid hormone, growth hormone therapy for acromegaly, β-blockers, α-adrenergic agonists, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, glutamate antagonists, acetazolamide, selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, physostigmine, modafinil and TNF-α antagonists, in addition to supplemental oxygen, and carbon dioxide inhalation. Some of these drugs have received very little testing and are the subject of few research articles. © 2006 Ashley Publications. ER  - 
Medication overuse headache$$$ Medication overuse headache (MOH) has developed into the third most common type of headache after tension-type headache and migraine. The prevalence of MOH is ∼ 1% of the world's population and it shows an increasing trend as recent studies reveal a common involvement throughout the ages, even starting in childhood. All antiheadache drugs, such as triptans, analgesics, ergots and opioids, along with the common combination substances currently on the pharmacological market are capable of inducing MOH. New data on specific clinical features and mean critical monthly dosages and mean critical monthly intake frequencies are now available. The only effective treatment concept is consequent withdrawal therapy. Data of prospective studies on relapse rates and predictors of relapse after successful withdrawal therapy are presented. © 2006 Ashley Publications. ER  - 
Histamine and its receptors$$$ This article reviews the development of our knowledge of the actions of histamine which have taken place during the course of the 20th century. Histamine has been shown to have a key physiological role in the control of gastric acid secretion and a pathophysiological role in a range of allergic disorders. The synthesis of, and pharmacological studies on, selective agonists and antagonists has established the existence of four types of histamine receptor and histamine receptor antagonists have found very important therapeutic applications. Thus, in the 1940s, H1-receptor antagonists ('the antihistamines') yielded and still provide valuable treatment for allergic conditions such as hay fever and rhinitis. In the late 1970s and 1980s, H2-receptor antagonists (in the discovery of which the two authors were personally involved) revolutionised the treatment of peptic ulcer and other gastric acid-related diseases. The H3-receptor antagonists, although available since 1987, have been slower to find a therapeutic role. However, the discovery of nonimidazole derivatives such as brain-penetrating H3 antagonists has provided drugs that are in early-phase clinical trials, possibly for application in obesity, and a variety of central nervous system disorders, such as memory, learning deficits and epilepsy. Finally, the most recently (1999) discovered H4 receptor promises the potential to provide drues acting on the immunological system with possible applications in asthma and inflammation. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Advances in neuropsychiatry: Clinical implications$$$ In this review of recent advances in the sub-specialty, we briefly discuss the current understanding of causes, presentations and evidence-based treatment of the most common disorders seen in clinical neuropsychiatry. Traumatic and acquired brain injury, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's and Huntington's disease, sleep disorders and delirium are all considered, focusing on the most contentious issues and practical approaches to management and treatment. ER  - 
Epidemiological and medical aspects of epilepsy in the elderly$$$ Both the incidence and prevalence of epilepsy are high among the elderly. Cerebrovascular disease is the most common underlying cause, although as many as 25-40% of new epilepsy cases in the elderly have no obvious underlying etiology. Status epilepticus appears to occur more frequently in individuals greater than 60 years, and the morbidity and mortality of status epilepticus are significantly greater in this age group. Elderly patients with seizures, particularly complex partial seizures, present differently than younger adults, which can lead to misdiagnosis. Post-ictal confusion may last as long as 1-2 weeks in an elderly patient, as opposed to minutes in younger individuals. Adverse events are similar in symptomatology, but are more common in elderly patients and occur at lower doses and plasma drug concentrations. Neuropsychiatric disorders, such as depression and anxiety, are common in elderly patients with epilepsy, although often under-diagnosed and inadequately treated. The risk of osteoporosis is high among elderly women taking antiepileptic drugs, which underscores the importance of assessing bone health and treatment in this group. Management of the older patient with epilepsy requires an understanding of the etiologies and the medical and psychological aspects unique to this age group. ER  - 
Pharmacological and clinical aspects of antiepileptic drug use in the elderly$$$ In this article, epidemiological and clinical aspects related to the use of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in the elderly are highlighted. Studies have shown that people with epilepsy receiving AED treatment show important deficits in physical and social functioning compared with age-matched people without epilepsy. To what extent these deficits can be ascribed to epilepsy per se or to the consequences of AED treatment remains to be clarified. The importance of characterizing the effects of AEDs in an elderly population is highlighted by epidemiological surveys indicating that the prevalence of AED use is increased in elderly people, particularly in those living in nursing homes. Both the pharmacokinetics and the pharmacodynamics of AEDs may be altered in old age, which may contribute to the observation that AEDs are among the drug classes most commonly implicated as causing adverse drug reactions in an aged population. Age alone is one of several contributors to alterations in AED response in the elderly; other factors include physical frailty, co-morbidities, dietary influences, and drug interactions. Individualization of dosage, avoidance of unnecessary polypharmacy, and careful observation of clinical response are essential for an effective and safe utilization of AEDs in an elderly population. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Patient-controlled analgesia with tramadol versus tramadol plus ketorolac$$$ Aim. In this double-blinded, randomized controlled trial, we compared the clinical advantages and disadvantages of patient-controlled-analgesia (PCA) with continuous infusion (CI) with tramadol alone versus a combination of tramadol plus ketorolac in the management of postoperative pain after major abdominal surgery. Methods. Sixty adult patients were randomly assigned to 2 groups. Group T, was given 10 mg/mL tramadol and Group TK was given 1.50 mg/mL ketorolac plus 5 mg/mL tramadol. After an i.v. loading dose of 0.07 mL/kg, the demand bolus injection was set at 0.2 mL, with a lockout interval of 30 min, and a continuous background i.v. infusion was set at 1.5 mL/h. Data of PCA demand, dose delivered and total analgesic consumption were retrieved from the computer memory bank of PCA device. Visual analogue scale at rest, sedation score and the occurrence of adverse effects were assessed every 3 h for 18 h. Results. No significant differences were found with regard to pain scores and side effects. Patients in Group TK were significantly more alert. Conclusion. We concluded that the combination of ketorolac plus tramadol in the same PCA device was an effective and safe treatment for postoperative analgesia in abdominal surgery. ER  - 
Keeping score on psychiatric drug effects: Is mefloquine safe for malaria chemoprophylaxis?$$$ Background: Armed servicemen or tourists visiting Asian and African continents bear the risk of contracting falciparum malaria. Chemoprophylaxis, for certain individuals, is recommended. All drugs marketed for prophylaxis of malarial infection have adverse effects. Notably, antimalarial drugs can impose neuropsychiatric harm. Mefloquine is a widely used malaria chemoprophylactic despite its association with neuropsychiatric symptoms including panic attacks, seizures, headaches, visual and auditory hallucinations, sleeplessness, paranoia, and psychosis. Objective: To emphasize caregiver counseling and ensure patient follow-up for nonimmune travelers to malaria indigenous regions when mefloquine chemoprophylaxis is scheduled. Data Sources and Selection: A literature search was conducted through May 1,2004, for reports of psychologic or neurologic adverse effects following mefloquine therapy. After review of MEDLINE, EMBASE, and EMBR citations, pertinent articles were selected if they were thought to be of special interest to physicians and pharmacists handling mefloquine. Data Synthesis: Literature to date indicates a higher rate of drug-provoked neuropsychiatric adverse effects than that acknowledged by mefloquine's manufacturer, Hoffman LaRoche. There is also evidence supporting a greater incidence of adverse effects for specific groups. Neuropsychiatric adverse effects are more often reported by females, particularly low body-weight females. Individuals who ingest mefloquine while under stress appear more at risk for neuropsychiatric adverse effects. Conclusions: Professional consult and therapeutic follow-up for all patients receiving mefloquine chemoprophylaxis is warranted. ER  - 
A systematic review of the efficacy and safety of second generation antipsychotics in the treatment of mania$$$ Second generation antipsychotic agents are increasingly used in the management of acute mania. A systematic review of the efficacy and safety of these agents, as both monotherapy and in combination with mood stabilisers, was performed to establish the evidence for their use. Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were critically appraised in more detail than studies that presented lower levels of evidence such as case reports, case series and open label follow up studies. We found 11 RCTs reporting on patients treated with second generation antipsychotics for acute bipolar mania, of which three included randomisation between the second generation antipsychotic and placebo, and eight between a mood stabiliser combined with either the second generation antipsychotic or placebo. Data from non-randomised trials is also presented. © 2005 Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of levetiracetam (up to 2000 mg/day) in Taiwanese patients with refractory partial seizures: A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Purpose: To assess the efficacy and safety of adjunctive levetiracetam (LEV) therapy in controlling partial-onset seizures refractory to other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in a multicenter study in Taiwanese adults. Methods: Ninety-four patients aged 16-60 years with refractory partial seizures were randomized to receive LEV (n = 47) or placebo (47) for 14 weeks and composed the intention-to-treat (ITT) population. After the first 2 weeks, LEV patients had their dosage increased from 500 mg twice daily to 1,000 mg twice daily. A 12-week maintenance phase followed, after which patients switched to long-term, open-label LEV therapy or entered a 4-week phase of medication discontinuation. Results: All patients from the ITT population, except one LEV-treated patient with missing seizure-count data, were included in the primary efficacy analysis. The least square mean of logarithmically transformed weekly partial-seizure frequency was significantly lower in the LEV than in the placebo group (0.813 vs. 1.085; p = 0.001). LEV reduced log-transformed weekly partial-seizure frequency by 23.8% (95% confidence interval, 10.4-35.2%) relative to placebo. Significantly more LEV than placebo patients (43.5% vs. 10.6%) experienced a response of a ≥50% decrease from baseline in weekly frequency of partial seizures [odds ratio, 6.5 (95% CI, 2.2-19.3); p < 0.001]. Adverse events were reported in 34 (72.3%) of 47 LEV-treated patients and 32 (68.1%) of 47 placebo patients. The three most common adverse events in the LEV and placebo groups were somnolence (40.4% and 14.9%), dizziness (14.9% and 8.5%), and headache (10.6% and 8.5%), respectively. Only four patients (three LEV-treated patients and one placebo patient) were withdrawn from the study because of adverse events. Conclusions: Adjunctive LEV therapy, ≤1,000 mg twice daily, was significantly more effective than placebo and was generally well tolerated in Taiwanese adults with treatment-resistant partial-onset seizures. © 2006 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Erythromelalgia$$$ No treatment is consistently effective in the management of patients with erythromelalgia. There is a dearth of adequate studies examining the response of erythromelalgia to treatment. Most recommendations are suggested based on case reports, small case series, and anecdotal reports. The management of erythromelalgia is difficult and frequently involves a multidisciplinary approach. An approach to management of individuals with erythromelalgia includes patient education, learning to avoid episodes, relieving discomfort of the episodes, controlling secondary and underlying factors, and use of drugs used to control erythromelalgia. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
The pharmacotherapy of chronic pain: A review$$$ The past two decades have contributed a large body of preclinical work that has assisted in our understanding of the underlying pathophysiological mechanisms that cause chronic pain. In this context, it has been recognized that effective treatment of pain is a priority and that treatment often involves the use of one or a combination of agents with analgesic action. The current review presents an evidence-based approach to the pharmacotherapy of chronic pain. Medline searches were done for all agents used as conventional treatment in chronic pain. Published papers up to June 2005 were included. The search strategy included randomized, controlled trials, and where available, systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Further references were found in reference sections of papers located using the above search strategy. Agents for which there were no controlled trials supporting efficacy in treatment of chronic pain were not included in the present review, except in cases where preclinical science was compelling, or where initial human work has been positive and where it was thought the reader would be interested in the scientific evidence to date. © 2006 Pulsus Group Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Electroencephalogram slowing, sleepiness and treatment response in patients with schizophrenia during olanzapine treatment$$$ Electroencephalogram (EEG) slowing is associated with clozapine side effects, e.g., sedation, and may predict treatment response during clozapine treatment. As olanzapine and clozapine share many pharmacological properties, we investigated whether EEG slowing during olanzapine treatment was related to therapy outcome and sleepiness in patients with schizophrenia. Participants were age- and gender-matched schizophrenic patients treated with olanzapine (n = 54), receiving no pharmacological treatment (n = 54), or cotreated with olanzapine and some other psychotropic drug (n = 38). Their EEG recordings were assessed visually by the same rater blind to clinical data. The EEG scores were categorized using standardized forms. Patients with a poor treatment response did not differ significantly from those with a good response to treatment either in EEG patterns or in frequency of sleepiness. Olanzapine treatment was associated with increased rates of slow (70.4% vs. 22.3%) and sharp waves (22.2% vs. 7.4%), as well as of paroxysmal slow wave discharges (14.8% vs. 1.9%), but did not induce spike- or sharp-slow-wave complexes. Cotreatment with another antipsychotic further increased EEG abnormalities, whereas benzodiazepine administration diminished the olanzapine-induced EEG changes. The results show that olanzapine inducing both slow and sharp waves, as well as paroxysmal discharges, has a strong impact on EEG. However, as no spike- or sharp-slow-wave complexes were observed, the risk of epileptic seizure during olanzapine treatment can be regarded as low, as long as olanzapine is not combined with some other antipsychotic. © 2006 British Association for Psychopharmacology. ER  - 
Altered Mental Status in Older Emergency Department Patients$$$ Mental status abnormalities are common in older emergency department patients and may be present in up to 40% of ED patients. These abnormalities may be chronic, from dementia, or acute, from delirium. Making the diagnosis of delirium in the ED is challenging and requires a systematic approach to patients who have an altered mental status. Gerson and colleagues found that 60% of geriatric ED patients had some degree of cognitive impairment. The challenge is to identify those geriatric patients who have acute changes. The mortality for patients who have delirium that is not diagnosed in the ED or in the hospital is significantly higher than the mortality for patients in whom the delirium is diagnosed. Consequently the recognition of delirium is essential for the provision of quality emergency department care. An approach to older ED patients that focuses on appropriately categorizing mental status impairment without substantially increasing the time to evaluate the patient has been presented in this article, and it is hoped that adoption of this approach should result in improvement in the care of older ED patients. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Topiramate for the treatment of epilepsy and other nervous system disorders$$$ Initially synthesized as an oral hypoglycemic agent, topiramate was approved for use as an anticonvulsant in 1996. Its broad spectrum efficacy in epilepsy, including as monotherapy and in children, is well established. Topiramate has also been used in the management of nonepileptic neurologic and psychiatric conditions, including migraine prophylaxis (with firmly established efficacy), obesity (with some evidence of long-term maintenance of weight loss), substance dependence, bipolar disorder and neuropathic pain, and it has been investigated as a possible neuroprotective agent. Paresthesias and cognitive side effects are the most common troublesome adverse effects. Recent trends towards lower doses may help achieve the best combination of efficacy and tolerability. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Effectiveness and safety of methylphenidate in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in patients with epilepsy: An open treatment trial$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of methylphenidate treatment in epilepsy patients with comorbid adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Methods: Six of 156 consecutive patients attending a tertiary epilepsy clinic for diagnostic evaluation of new seizures, 3 patients with epilepsy and 3 patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures, were diagnosed with comorbid adult ADHD. These 6 patients entered an open trial of methylphenidate 10 mg twice daily. Clinical improvement was assessed at 6 weeks of follow-up. Results: Both groups showed clinical improvement of ADHD symptoms during treatment. None of the patients with comorbid epilepsy experienced adverse effects on seizure control or antiepileptic drug use. Conclusion: In this open trial methylphenidate was safely used in patients with epilepsy and adult ADHD. It was effective against adult ADHD, and there were no adverse effects on seizure severity and frequency. A randomized study is needed to further establish effectiveness and safety. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Non-epilepsy uses of antiepilepsy drugs$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) affect various neurotransmitters (i.e. GABA, glutamate), receptors (i.e. GABAergic, glutamatergic), and ion channels (i.e. for sodium or calcium) which is responsible for their anticonvulsant activity. However, this broad spectrum of action may be also utilized in other pathological conditions. For example, both conventional and newer AEDs may be used in patients suffering from neuropathic pain, migraine, essential tremor, spasticity, restless legs syndrome and a number of psychiatric disorders (f.e. bipolar disease or schizophrenia). Also, isolated data point to their potential use in Parkinson's or Alzheimer's disease. There is experimental background indicating a potent neuroprotective efficacy of AEDs in numerous models of brain ischemia. However, the clinical data are very limited and this problem requires careful assessment. Copyright © 2006 by Institute of Pharmacology Polish Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
Pegylated Interferon Alfa-2b Plus Ribavirin in the Retreatment of Interferon-Ribavirin Nonresponder Patients$$$ Background & Aims: Inadequate data are available about retreatment of nonresponders to interferon (IFN) and ribavirin. Thus, this study evaluated the efficacy and tolerability of a 48-week therapy with pegylated IFN-α-2b plus high-dose ribavirin in patients who have failed to respond to the combination. Treatment up to 48 weeks also in patients who have failed to clear hepatitis C virus (HCV) RNA by week 24 was also evaluated. Methods: One hundred forty-one patients who previously did not respond to IFN and ribavirin, 86% with genotype 1 or 4 infection, 52% with high viral load (>800.000 IU/mL), 22% with cirrhosis, were retreated with pegylated IFN-α-2b 1.5 μg/kg per week and ribavirin 1000-1200 mg/day for 48 weeks and followed up for 24 weeks. Results: By intent-to-treat analysis, 20% of patients achieved a sustained virologic response (SVR). SVR of genotype 1 patients was 19%. Independent predictors of SVR were low γ-glutamyltransferase levels (OR, 22.9; 95% CI: 6.6-79.6) and low viral load (OR, 3.8; 95% CI: 1.1-12.6). Twelve (23%) out of 51 patients who were HCV RNA positive after 24 weeks of therapy achieved a late virologic response (after week 24) and 5 (10%) of them, all with genotype 1, achieved an SVR. Genotype was not associated with response (P = .2) or with early response (P = .3). Conclusions: Retreatment with pegylated IFN-α-2b and ribavirin of multiexperienced and "difficult to treat" nonresponder patients produced a very promising SVR. Accurate selection of patients, such as those with low viral load and low γ-glutamyltransferase levels, and prolongation of therapy beyond 24 weeks also in HCV RNA-positive patients may further increase the rate of SVR. © 2006 American Gastroenterological Association Institute. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of posttraumatic cognitive impairments$$$ Pharmacotherapy may contribute to the rehabilitation of persons with posttraumatic cognitive impairments. This article reviews first the neurobiological consequences of traumatic brain injury with a particular emphasis on acute and long-term posttraumatic neurochemical disturbances. Studies of pharmacotherapies for posttraumatic cognitive impairments are reviewed next, and are organized according to medication class and the neurotransmitter system they affect most. Based on the evidence provided by that review, augmentation of posttraumatic cerebral catecholaminergic and cholinergic function are suggested as potentially useful neurochemical targets for pharmacologic intervention in this population. More specifically, it is suggested that persons with posttraumatic impairments in arousal, speed of processing, and possibly attention may benefit most from treatment with an agent that augments cerebral catecholaminergic function, and that persons whose predominant posttraumatic impairment is in the domain of memory may benefit most from treatment with cholinesterase inhibitors. Practical considerations regarding the use of pharmacotherapies for posttraumatic cognitive impairments are offered, and the need for additional research in this area is highlighted. © 2006 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmaco-EEG in psychiatry$$$ In spite of its origins deeply rooted in the discipline, pharmaco-EEG applications in psychiatry remain limited to its achievements in the field of psychotropic drugs classification and, in few instances, discovery. In the present paper two attempts to transfer pharmaco-EEG methods to psychiatric clinical routine will be described: 1) monitoring of psychotropic drug toxicity at the central nervous system level, and 2) prediction of clinical response to treatment with psychotropic drugs. Both applications have been the object of several investigations providing promising and sometimes consistent findings which, however, had no impact on clinical practice. For the first topic, the review is limited to antipsychotics, lithium and recreational drugs, as for other psychotropic drugs mostly case studies are available, while for the response prediction it will include antipsychotics, antidepressants, anxiolytics, psychostimulants and nootropics. In spite of several methodological limitations, pharmaco-EEG studies dealing with monitoring of antipsychotic- and lithium-induced EEG abnormalities went close to, but never became, a clinical routine. EEG studies of recreational drugs are flawed by several limitations, and failed, so far, to identify reliable indices of CNS toxicity to be used in clinical settings. Several QEEG studies on early predictors of treatment response to first generation antipsychotics have produced consistent findings, but had no clinical impact. For other psychotropic drug classes few and inconsistent reports have appeared. Pharmaco-EEG had the potential for important clinical applications, but so far none of them entered clinical routine. The ability to upgrade theories and methods and promote large scale studies represent the future challenge. ER  - 
Reproductive health and bipolar disorder$$$ The presentations and clinical courses of patients with bipolar disorder differ greatly by gender. In addition, medical therapy must be tailored differently for men and women because of emerging safety concerns unique to the female reproductive system. In November 2005, these topics were explored by a panel of experts in psychiatry, neurology, and reproductive health at a closed roundtable meeting in Dallas, Texas. This clinical information monograph summarizes the highlights of that meeting. Compared to men with bipolar disorder, women have more pervasive depressive symptoms and experience more major depressive episodes. They are also at higher risk for obesity and certain other medical and psychiatric comorbidities. Mood changes across the menstrual cycle are common, although the severity, timing, and type of changes are variable. Bipolar disorder is frequently associated with menstrual abnormalities and ovarian dysfunction, including polycystic ovarian syndrome. Although some cases of menstrual disturbance precede the treatment of bipolar disorder, it is possible that valproate and/or antipsychotic treatment may play a contributory role in young women. Pregnancy does not protect against mood episodes in untreated women. Maintenance of euthymia during pregnancy is critical because relapse during this period strongly predicts a difficult postpartum course. Suspending therapy in the first months of pregnancy may be an option for some women with mild-to-moderate illness, or those with a long history of euthymia during pre-pregnancy treatment. However, a mood stabilizer should be reintroduced either in the later stages of pregnancy or in the immediate postpartum period. Preliminary data suggestthat fetal exposure to some mood stabilizers may raise the risk of major congenital malformations and neurodevelopmental delays. For women planning to become pregnant, clinicians may consider switching to other drugs before conception. The value and drawbacks of breastfeeding during treatment must be considered in partnership with the patient, with close monitoring of nursing infants thereafter. The risks and benefits of medical treatment for women with bipolar disorder should be carefully reconsidered at each stage of their reproductive lives, with a flexible approach that is responsive to the changing needs of patients and their families. Copyright ©2006 MBL Communications, Inc. ER  - 
Physiotherapy coupled with dextroamphetamine for rehabilitation after hemiparetic stroke: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background and Purpose - Hemiparesis is the commonest disabling deficit caused by stroke. In animals, dextroamphetamine (AMPH) paired with training enhances motor recovery, but its clinical efficacy is uncertain. Methods - In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 71 stroke patients were stratified by hemiparesis severity and randomly assigned to 10 sessions of physiotherapy coupled with either 10 mg AMPH or placebo. Study treatments were administered by 1 physiotherapist, beginning 5 to 10 days after stroke and continuing twice per week for 5 weeks. Outcomes were assessed by 1 physiotherapist at baseline, after each treatment session, at 6 weeks, and at 3 months. The primary outcome was motor recovery (impairment level) on the Fugl-Meyer (FM) scale. Secondary outcomes assessed mobility, ambulation, arm/hand function, and independence in activities of daily living. Results - Baseline hemiparesis was severe overall (mean FM score 27.7±20.0). Motor scores improved during treatment in both groups (mean change, baseline to 3 months 29.5±16.6). Repeated-measures ANOVA revealed no significant differences in recovery between the treatment groups for the entire cohort (n=67) or for subgroups with a severe hemiparesis (n=43), moderate hemiparesis (n=24), or cortically based stroke (n=26). In the moderate subgroup, there was a significant drugXtime interaction for upper extremity motor recovery (F=5.14; P<0.001), although there was a significant baseline imbalance in motor scores in this subgroup. Conclusion - In stroke patients with a severe motor deficit, 10 mg AMPH coupled with physiotherapy twice per week for 5 weeks in the early poststroke period provided no additional benefit in motor or functional recovery compared with physiotherapy alone. Patients with moderate severity hemiparesis deserve further investigation. Increased intensity and longer duration drug/therapy dosing regimens should be explored, targeting the upper and lower limbs separately. © 2005 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Topiramate for the treatment of infantile spasms$$$ Topiramate is a new antiepileptic drug with a broad spectrum of efficacy. Reports on the use of topiramate for treatment of infantile spasms are limited. We prospectively followed 15 children with recently diagnosed infantile spasms treated with topiramate for efficacy and tolerability. Twelve patients had symptomatic infantile spasms, and two patients had cryptogenic infantile spasms. Topiramate was started at a dose of 3 mg/kg/day and titrated up to a dose of 27 mg/kg/day in 2 to 3 weeks. The primary efficacy measure was comparison of the seizure rate during the 2-week baseline with the median seizure rate during the first 2 months of treatment with topiramate. We also compared baseline electroencephalograms (EEGs) with post-treatment EEGs. The median seizure rate reduction during the first 2 months of treatment was 41% (P = .002). Three patients became spasm free (20%), five had > 50% reduction, and three had at least 25% reduction. Four patients did not respond. Three of 15 patients had clearing of hypsarrhythmia. Topiramate was generally well tolerated, with irritability being the most common side effect. Topiramate was efficacious and well tolerated; one patient discontinued the medication because of adverse effects. ER  - 
Topiramate, pseudotumor cerebri, weight-loss and glaucoma: An ophthalmologic perspective$$$ Approved for the treatment of epilepsy and migraine prophylaxis, topiramate also acts as a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor implying a potential role in the treatment of pseudotumor cerebri (PTC). Topiramate has a propensity to cause anorexia with consequent weight loss, which alone may be curative in PTC. Prescribers must be aware of several reported cases of acute secondary angle-closure glaucoma reported in patients treated with topiramate. Copyright © Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. ER  - 
Pharmacovigilance in epileptic patients using antiepileptic drugs$$$ Objective: To investigate the occurrence of adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs (AED) in chronic epileptic patients in mono or polytherapy. Method: We evaluated consecutive patients that met the following inclusion criteria: age of 18 years or older, diagnosis of epilepsy for at least one year, stable dose of AED for at least three months. Patients were asked if they had any adverse event related to the AED. After that, they were interviewed according to a detailed semi-structure questionnaire. We also assessed specifically the adverse events in the last four weeks. The data were analyzed regarding the use of monotherapy x polytherapy, and the presence of probable depression (score >15) according to the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale. Results: Sixty-five patients were evaluated, 35 women, mean age 38.3 years; 35 patients were in use of monotherapy and 35 in polytherapy. Only 45 (69.2%) patients spontaneously reported adverse effects. After the formal questionnaire, 63 (97%) patients referred experiencing an adverse event (p<0.001). Seventeen men had adverse events, as opposed to 28 women (p=0.042). When the last four weeks were evaluated, patients with probable depression presented adverse events more frequently (p<0.0001). Conclusion: Our data suggest that adverse events are highly prevalent when a detailed questionnaire is applied and that depression may aggravate the number and intensity of side effects in patients using AEDs. ER  - 
Drug review - Pregabalin$$$ Pregabalin is an anticonvulsant that shares some characteristics with its predecessor, gabapentin. Both agents are structural analogues of γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and both are used in the treatment of epilepsy and neuropathic pain syndromes. However, there is considerable evidence to suggest that pregabalin is more potent than gabapentin. Preclinical data indicate that pregabalin binds to an auxiliary subunit of calcium channels and thereby impedes the calcium-mediated release of certain neurotransmitters (e.g. glutamate, noradrenaline and substance P). In addition to its licence as an adjunctive therapy in epilepsy, pregabalin has been granted a licence for the treatment of peripheral neuropathic pain in adults. Clinical trials performed to date have clearly demonstrated its superiority over placebo, in terms of both pain relief and sleep preservation in patients with post-herpetic neuralgia or painful diabetic neuropathy. The predictable pharmacokinetic profile of pregabalin and its rapid onset of action (usually within 1 week of treatment initiation) make it a good choice for long-term pain management in patients with neuropathic pain. The analgesic efficacy of pregabalin is maintained for as long as treatment persists (up to 12 weeks in clinical trials, though this is rather a short period given the natural history of these conditions). Currently, a paucity of published trials prevents comparison with other treatments for neuropathic pain. Pregabalin is generally well tolerated, the side-effects most often associated with its use being dizziness and somnolence. ER  - 
Issues related to the pharmacological management of patients with brain tumours and epilepsy$$$ The patient affected by epilepsy related to brain tumours presents certain features linked to the summation of his cancer-related problems and his epilepsy-related problems. Furthermore, epilepsy in brain tumour patients is often refractory to pharmacological treatments and can complicate the therapeutic management of these patients due to the increased incidence of pharmacological interactions and adverse effects. Analysis of the data in the literature suggests that it is opportune, w hen planning antiepileptic therapy in these cases, to choose the new-generation drugs, as these show a lower incidence of pharmacological interactions with the therapies used in brain tumour patients (chemotherapies, radiotherapy and support therapies), have fewer adverse effects, and have less impact on neuropsychological functions, all factors that strongly influence the patient's quality of life. Of the n ew antiepileptic drugs, the following seem to be promising in the treatment of cancer-related epilepsy: oxcarbazepine, topiramate and levetiracetam (the latter as an add-on therapy). The pharmacokinetic features of these drugs, their effectiveness in controlling seizures, and the reduced incidence of adverse effects make them useful in this particular group of patients. ER  - 
Focus on lower risk of tardive dyskinesia with atypical antipsychotics$$$ Background. Tardive dyskinesia (TD) is one of the most serious iatrogenic neurological complications of the first-generation antipsychotics. Identifying the risk factors for TD is important to minimize the risk of this potentially irreversible movement disorder in susceptible populations. Methods. A Medline search was conducted for the literature on risk factors for TD with the first-generation antipsychotics, as well as the emerging literature of the lower risk of TD with the second-generation antipsychotics. Results. Several demographic, phenomenological, comorbidities and treatment variables have been reported to be associated with higher risk of TD. On the other hand, significantly lower rates of TD have been reported with the second-generation atypical antipsychotics, even in high risk groups such as the elderly. Conclusions. The use of the second-generation antipsychotics as first-line treatment of psychosis appears to have lowered the overall prevalence of acute movement disorders as well as TD, and have led them to become the standard of care in part because of their safer extrapyramidal profiles. Copyright © American Academy of Clinical Psychiatrists. ER  - 
Risperidone in the treatment of bipolar mania$$$ Atypical antipsychotic medications have assumed growing importance for the treatment of bipolar disorder, an illness that affects approximately 1.2%-3.7% of the general population in a given year. Current practice guidelines for the treatment of bipolar mania support the use of atypical antipsychotic medications as monotherapy or as a component of polytherapy, and in clinical settings the use of atypical antipsychotics to treat bipolar disorder is widespread. Risperidone is an atypical antipsychotic, sometimes referred to as a second-generation antipsychotic. The receptor-binding profile of risperidone, which includes potent antagonism of the serotonin 5-HT2A, dopamine D2, and alpha-adrenergic receptors, is believed to be related to positive effects on mood. The FDA-approved bipolar indications for risperidone include: 1) monotherapy for short-term treatment of acute manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and 2) combination therapy with lithium or valproate for the short-term treatment of acute manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder. This review of risperidone for bipolar mania will address the chemistry, pharmacodynamics pharmacokinetics, and metabolism of risperidone, use with concomitant medications, clinical trials in bipolar mania, as well as safety and tolerability issues. Finally, dosing and administration are addressed as well as use for bipolar mania in geriatric, child, or adolescent patients. © 2006 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
"Getting physical": The management of neuropsychiatric disorders using novel physical treatments$$$ Objective: To summarize and review the utility of physical interventions in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Methods: A systematic review of the literature pertaining to novel physical interventions, namely, transcranial magnetic stimulation, deep brain stimulation, vagus nerve stimulation, and neurosurgery, was conducted using MEDLINE, EMBASE, and PSYCHLIT. Bibliographies of papers were scrutinized for further relevant references along with literature known to the authors. Results: Currently available physical interventions worldwide are reviewed with respect to efficacy, applications, and putative indications. Physical interventions have experienced a resurgence of interest for both the investigation of brain function and the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders. The widespread availability of neuroimaging technology has advanced our understanding of brain function and allowed closer examination of the effects of physical treatments. Clinically, transcranial magnetic stimulation seems likely to have a role in the management of depression, and its use in other neuropsychiatric disorders appears promising. Following on from its success in the management of intractable epilepsy, vagus nerve stimulation is undergoing evaluation in the treatment of depression with some success in refractory cases. Deep brain stimulation has improved mood in patients with Parkinson's disease and may also relieve symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder. Neurosurgery has re-invented itself by way of increased technical sophistication, and although further assessment of its efficacy and clinical utility is still needed, its widespread practice reflects its increasing acceptance as a viable treatment of last resort. Conclusion: It is clear that physical treatments are here to stay and "getting physical" offers a useful addition to the neuropsychiatrist's therapeutic armamentarium. However, like all new treatments these interventions need to remain under rigorous scientific scrutiny to determine accurately their immediate and long-term effects. © 2006 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Sirolimus and everolimus: inhibitors of mammalian target of rapamycin in liver transplantation$$$ Sirolimus (SRL) and everolimus are members of a relatively new class of immunosuppressants that impair cell cycle proliferation by inhibition of the mammalian target of rapamycin. These agents have been evaluated and licensed for use in kidney transplantation where they are used predominantly as maintenance immunosuppression because they lack the nephrotoxicity associated with calcineurin inhibitors. Neither SRL nor its newer analogue everolimus are currently licensed for use in liver transplantation, but both have been used with varying degrees of success and efficacy in this setting. Concern has been expressed about a potential association between de novo use of SRL and both a high incidence of hepatic artery thrombosis after liver transplantation and impaired wound healing, and thus, subsequent development has focused on the use of SRL in response to calcineurin inhibitor toxicity in patients with established liver transplants as well as using its potential antitumor effects in patients transplanted for malignancy. This article reviews the reported experience of mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitor therapy in liver transplantation. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Complications of biological therapy for inflammatory bowel diseases$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The purpose of this review is to analyze the complications associated with treatment of inflammatory bowel disease with biologic agents. RECENT FINDINGS: There have been various biologic agents evaluated in patients with inflammatory bowel disease; that is, Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. Thus far only infliximab has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration as induction and maintenance treatment in patients with active Crohn's disease (moderate-to-severe and/or fistulizing) who are refractory to conventional therapy. Recent data from two large multicenter, multicountry, randomized controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that infliximab is efficacious also for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. Other biologics considered potentially efficacious are still undergoing evaluation in various clinical trials. SUMMARY: The data concerning biologics' associated toxicity in patients with inflammatory bowel disease are the most robust in the case of infliximab. These data are derived from both prospective, randomized clinical trials and from post-marketing experience. In the case of the remaining agents the data concerning safety in inflammatory bowel disease are limited, as these agents were not evaluated in as many trials as infliximab; indeed, some of them included only several patients. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Pharmacologic treatment strategies for sexual dysfunction in patients with epilepsy and depression$$$ Sexual dysfunction is a frequently encountered comorbid condition in patients with many medical and psychiatric conditions, such as epilepsy and depression. Most depressed patients experience some type of sexual dysfunction, decreased sexual desire being the most common. The association of sexual dysfunction with epilepsy is less clear. Changes in sex hormone levels are common in patients with epilepsy and may be attributable to the disease or to antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Sexual dysfunction associated with depression or epilepsy is generally treated according to standard guidelines for the management of sexual disorders, since data from special populations are not available. The most common forms of female sexual dysfunction are lack of sexual desire and difficulty achieving orgasm. There are no approved pharmacotherapies for female hypoactive sexual desire disorder or female orgasmic disorder. Female sexual arousal disorder is treated with estrogen replacement therapy when indicated or vaginal lubricants. The most common male sexual dysfunction disorders are premature ejaculation and erectile dysfunction. Phosphodiesterase type-5 inhibitor drugs are now the first-line treatment for erectile dysfunction, and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and topical anesthetic creams are nonapproved but effective treatments for premature ejaculation. Testosterone and aromatase inhibitors have been used investigationally to treat sexual dysfunction in men taking AEDs. Patient education and follow-up appointments are essential to ensure optimal outcomes of pharmacologic treatments for sexual dysfunction. ER  - 
Paroxetine for somatic pain associated with physical illness: A review$$$ Objective: The purpose of this article is to review the prevalence of somatic pain with and without depression or anxiety and the pharmacologic effects of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor paroxetine on pain in physical conditions with and without comorbid depression or anxiety. Data Sources: MEDLINE and PsychLIT/PsycINFO database. Keywords included depression, anxiety, pain, somatic, antidepressants, and paroxetine. Only English-language publications and abstracts were considered. Study Selection: More than 100 articles that reflected the prevalence of somatic pain in patients with physical illness with and without comorbid depression or anxiety and that evaluated the efficacy of antidepressants in this population were identified and reviewed. Data Synthesis: Nearly two thirds of patients with major depressive disorder suffer from a physical illness, and about one fifth of patients with chronic physical illness are depressed. Both of these comorbidities pose diagnostic and therapeutic challenges. Therapeutic effects of antidepressants on pain improvement in patients with chronic physical illnesses and comorbid depression/anxiety have been attributed to the antidepressant or anxiolytic properties of these drugs. However, tricyclic antidepressants have demonstrated analgesic properties in patients with physical illness both with and without depression. The review looks at evidence for the efficacy of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor paroxetine on pain in physical illness with and without depression and the mechanisms for the relief of pain and depression. Conclusions: The efficacy of paroxetine for depression and anxiety comorbid with physical illness looks promising. Studies also allude to evidence linking the analgesic properties of paroxetine with its serotonergic and noradrenergic activity. Large randomized controlled trials within specific antidepressant classes and also comparing dual-action antidepressants are warranted that could shed some light on the unique advantage of paroxetine over other antidepressants. © Copyright 2006 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Atypicality of atypical antipsychotics$$$ Objective: To review the current definition of atypicality, discuss the unique features of each atypical antipsychotic, and determine whether the available drugs in this class really meet the classical definition of atypicality. Data Sources: A PubMed search was conducted to identify literature on the subject of this review, supported by additional articles based on the author's clinical knowledge and experience. Study Selection and Data Extraction: Relevant references were extracted and summarized in order to meet the objective of the article. Data Synthesis: Atypical antipsychotics are considered a major advance over conventional antipsychotics, primarily because they offer effective treatment alternatives that are relatively free of extrapyramidal symptoms. In fact, the term atypicality was originally used to describe antipsychotic agents with a minimal risk of causing extrapyramidal symptoms. However, over the years the definition has been modified such that there is currently no consensus on a true definition of atypicality for these agents. Each of the atypical antipsychotics (clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone, and aripiprazole) commercially available in the United States is unique in terms of its pharmacologic profile, differing with respect to receptor-binding affinity, mechanism of action, and adverse events. Of the available atypical antipsychotics, clozapine and quetiapine have shown the lowest propensity to cause extrapyramidal symptoms. Although the risk of extrapyramidal symptoms is lower with risperidone and olanzapine than with conventional antipsychotics, risk increases with dose escalation. Data for ziprasidone indicate that the risk of extrapyramidal symptoms may be similar to that of risperidone and olanzapine. There is a concern of akathisia with aripiprazole; however, more experience with this agent is needed before definitive conclusions are made. Conclusion: If the definition of "atypical" antipsychotic is considered to be freedom from extrapyramidal symptoms, then, based on a comprehensive review of available data and clinical experience, clozapine and quetiapine appear to be the only true atypicals. © Copyright 2005 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc. ER  - 
Causes of death following 1 year postinjury among individuals with traumatic brain injury$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate causes of death in individuals with traumatic brain injury (TBI). DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Utilized data from the TBI Model Systems National Database, the Social Security Death Index, death certificates, and the US population age-race-gender-cause-specific mortality rates for 1994. PATIENTS: Two thousand one hundred forty individuals with TBI completing inpatient rehabilitation in 1 of 15 National Institute on Disability and Rehabilitation Research-funded TBI Model Systems of Care between 1988 and 2001, and surviving past 1 year postinjury. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary cause of death based on the International Classification of Diseases - 9th Revision - Clinical Modification - coded death certificates. RESULTS: Individuals with TBI were about 37 times more likely to die of seizures, 12 times more likely to die of septicemia, 4 times more likely to die of pneumonia, and about 3 times more likely to die of other respiratory conditions (excluding pneumonia), digestive conditions, and all external causes of injury/poisoning than were individuals in the general population of similar age, gender, and race. CONCLUSION: Long-term follow-up of individuals with TBI should increase vigilance for, and prevention of, diagnoses frequently causing death (circulatory disorders) and diagnoses with a high relative risk of causing death in this population (seizures, septicemia, respiratory and digestive conditions, and external causes of injury). © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Augmentation strategies of clozapine with antipsychotics in the treatment of ultraresistant schizophrenia$$$ BACKGROUND: Approximately 40% to 70% of neuroleptic-resistant schizophrenic patients are nonresponders to clozapine. Several clozapine augmentation strategies have come into clinical practice although often without evidence-based support. Among these strategies, the combined use of clozapine with another antipsychotic has been reported for up to 35% of patients receiving clozapine. OBJECTIVE: The purposes of the present work were to (1) review the available literature on the efficacy and safety of the clozapine augmentation with another antipsychotic using a MEDLINE search of the literature from 1978 to December 2005 and (2) to propose an operational definition of schizophrenia refractory to clozapine ("ultraresistant schizophrenia") for the implementation and homogenization of future therapeutic trials. CONCLUSION: Case controls and open clinical trials largely dominate the literature, and there are only 4 double-blind studies of clozapine augmentation with antipsychotics. The results of these studies are somewhat discrepant. Moreover, the heterogeneity of definitions of resistance to clozapine, of outcome measures and of dose and duration of pharmacological trials is a major limitation for drawing conclusions. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Somatic augmentation strategies in clozapine resistance - What facts?$$$ BACKGROUND: Polypharmacy without evidence-based support is sometimes needed for patients treated with 40% to 70% clozapine who are clozapine nonresponders. Several somatic augmentation strategies are proposed in the scientific literature, with different levels of evidence for safety and efficacy. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of the present study is to review the available literature on the efficacy and safety of clozapine augmentation with somatic agents other than antipsychotics. The following classes of agents are considered: (1) mood stabilizers, (2) antidepressants, (3) electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, (4) glutamatergic agents, (5)fatty acids supplements, and (6) benzodiazepines. RESULTS: Case controls and small-size clinical trials largely dominate the literature, limiting the power to draw conclusions concerning safety issues and the meaning of negative studies. Moreover, variable definitions of clozapine resistance, heterogeneous outcome measures, and short duration of treatment trials are additional limitations. CONCLUSION: Generally, adjunctive strategies for clozapine-resistant patients remain based on scarce evidence of efficacy and significant safety concerns. Low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, fatty acids supplements, and mirtazapine showed good tolerability and some efficacy, but the results need replication. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Etanercept and infliximab for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis: A systematic review and economic evaluation$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the clinical effectiveness, safety, tolerability and cost-effectiveness of etanercept and infliximab for the treatment of active and progressive psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in patients who have inadequate response to standard treatment, including disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD) therapy. Data sources: Electronic databases were searched up to July 2004. Review methods: A systematic review evaluated the clinical efficacy and adverse effects of etanercept and infliximab. The efficacy of DMARDs in the treatment of PsA was also reviewed and treatments were compared using Bayesian evidence synthesis methods. Following evaluation of existing economic evaluations of etanercept and infliximab in PsA, a new economic model was developed (the York Model). This utilised the results from the evidence synthesis and data from a range of other sources. Results: Across the two trials, at 12 weeks, around 65% of patients treated with etanercept achieved an American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 20 {pooled relative risk (RR) 4.19 [95% confidence interval (CI) 2.74 to 6.42]}, demonstrating a basic degree of efficacy in terms of arthritis-related symptoms. In addition, around 45% of patients treated with etanercept achieved an ACR 50 [pooled RR 10.84 (95% CI 4.47 to 26.28)] and around 12% achieved an ACR 70 (pooled RR 16.28 (95% CI 2.20 to 120.54)], demonstrating a good level of efficacy. The subgroup analyses conducted in one trial revealed that the effect of etanercept was not dependent upon patients' concomitant use of methotrexate. In addition, almost 85% of patients treated with etanercept achieved a Psoriatic Arthritis Response Criteria (PsARC) [pooled RR 2.60 (95% CI 1.96 to 3.45). The Psoriatic Area and Severity Index (PASI) results indicate some beneficial effect on psoriasis at 12 weeks; however, the data are sparse. The statistically significant reduction (improvement) in Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ) score with etanercept compared with placebo indicates a beneficial effect of etanercept on function. Similar results were seen at 24 weeks, except that the results for PASI 75 and PASI 50 now achieved statistical significance and data for Total Sharp Score annualised rate of progression were available; this was statistically significantly lower in etanercept-treated patients than in placebo-treated patients. Uncontrolled follow-up of patients indicates that treatment benefit may be maintained for at least 50 weeks. At 16 weeks, 65% of patients treated with infliximab achieved an ACR 20 [RR 6.80 (95% CI 2.89 to 16.01)], demonstrating a basic degree of efficacy in terms of arthritis-related symptoms. This level of efficacy was not dependent upon patients' concomitant use of methotrexate. Almost half the patients treated with infliximab achieved an ACR 50 [RR 49.00 (95% CI 3.06 to 785.06)] and over one-quarter achieved an ACR 70 [RR 31.00 (95% CI 1.90 to 504.86)] compared with none of the placebo group, demonstrating a good level of efficacy. In addition, 75% of patients treated with infliximab achieved a PsARC [RR 3.55 (95% CI 2.05 to 6.13)]. The beneficial treatment effect on psoriasis was also statistically significant with a mean difference in percentage change from baseline in PASI of -5 (95% CI -6.8 to -3.3), as was the percentage improvement from baseline in HAQ score with infliximab compared with placebo [mean difference 51.4 (95% CI 48.08 to 54.72)], indicating a beneficial effect of infliximab on functional status. Uncontrolled data from all measures of joint disease, psoriasis and HAQ collected up to 50 weeks of follow-up reflect those at 16 weeks. There were no radiographic assessments, so nothing can be determined about the potential or otherwise of infliximab to delay the progression of joint disease. Using the York cost-effectiveness model, infliximab was consistently dominated by etanercept because of its higher acquisition and administration costs without superior effectiveness. The incremental cost per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) gained of etanercept compared with palliative care ranged from Â£14,818 (females, 40-year time horizon) to Â£49,374 (males, 1-year time horizon) if it is assumed that, when patients eventually fail on biological therapy, their disability (in terms of HAQ score) deteriorates by the same amount as it improved when they initially respond to treatment (rebound equal to gain). Results for etanercept ranged from Â£25,443 (females, 40-year time horizon) to Â£49,441 (males, 1-year time horizon) per QALY gained under the assumption that, when patients fail on therapy, their disability level returns to what it would have been had they never responded (rebound equal to natural history). Conclusions: The limited data available indicated that etanercept and infliximab are efficacious in the treatment of PsA with beneficial effects on both joint and psoriasis symptoms and on functional status. Short-term data indicated that etanercept can delay joint disease progression, but long-term data are needed. There are no controlled data as yet to indicate that infliximab can delay joint disease progression. Treatment with both etanercept and infliximab for 12 weeks demonstrated a significant degree of efficacy, with no statistically significant difference between them. For both drugs, adverse events were common with mild injection/infusion reactions being the main treatment-related effect. The York model indicated that etanercept is more cost-effective than infliximab as it has a lower cost with little difference in outcomes. The cost-effectiveness of etanercept is also sensitive to assumptions made about the extent of disease progression when patients are responding to therapy. The number of years for which a patient can be safely on biologicals is uncertain so these results should be considered with caution. Further research should include long-term controlled trials to confirm benefits, review adverse events and to explore further the implications of biologic therapy. Â© Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2006. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Preventing depression in adolescents with epilepsy$$$ Purpose: The goal of the work described in this article was to test the possibility of preventing depression among adolescents with epilepsy. Methods: Adolescents with newly diagnosed epilepsy (104 patients) were screened for depression. The risk for depression was increased in 30 (28.8%) patients (mean age 17.4, 60% females) who were randomized into two equal treatment groups: (1) cognitive-behavioral intervention (CBI) group and (2) treatment with counseling as usual (TAU) group. The Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Center for Epidemiological Study on Depression (CES-D) scale, Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD), and Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory (QOLIE-31) were administered at baseline and during the 9-month follow-up. Results: Initial BDI and HAMD scores for the two groups were comparable. Depression was diagnosed during follow-up in three patients in the TAU group. Subthreshold depressive disorder significantly improved at follow-up in the BCI group compared with the TAU group (P < 0.05). QOLIE-31 Total scores significantly correlated with both mood improvement and seizure-free state. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Realistic expectations for treatment success in Alzheimer's disease$$$ Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a progressive degenerative disease that warrants active management to delay or slow progression of its symptoms. The symptoms of AD encompass behavior and daily function as well as cognition, so clinicians should take a global view in the assessment of treatment success. Because there is currently no cure for AD, one cannot expect an initial cognitive improvement observed in the first few months of therapy to be sustained indefinitely. However, one should expect that the patient who is treated early and persistently with medication for AD will show less evidence of behavioral, functional, and cognitive deterioration over a period of time than one would expect in the absence of pharmacotherapy. Thus, treatment success includes not only short-term improvement of symptoms but also less decline over the long term. Determination of treatment success therefore also requires awareness of the typical progression of untreated AD. In this article we review the natural history of AD and evidence for the effectiveness of the treatments indicated for AD: donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, and memantine. The Journal of Nutrition, Health & Aging©. ER  - 
Drugs, hormones and ECT in childbearing women with psychiatric disorders$$$ About 7% of women of childbearing age suffer from the acute symptoms of a moderate-to-severe mental illness, or have recently had an episode requiring drug treatment. The management of episodes in these childbearing women poses several problems. Childbearing may affect the course of illness and alterations in treatment may be required. Treatments which may be effective for the mother may be harmful to the unborn child. In this contribution, we cover the use of psychotropic drugs, anti-epileptics, antipsychotics, antidepressants, hormone treatments and ECT in pregnancy. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Canadian Diabetes Association technical review: The diabetic foot and hyperbaric oxygen therapy$$$ Foot ulcers are a significant source of morbidity, mortality and diminished quality of life for patients with diabetes. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) has been proposed as a possible treatment. In this technical review, the results of clinical trials on the use of HBOT for diabetic foot ulcers are reviewed. Many of the studies examining the role of HBOT in the treatment of diabetic ulcers have been retrospective, nonrandomized and noncontrolled. In addition, most studies have included small patient populations with heterogeneous classes of ulcers. However, results of these studies suggest that HBOT may accelerate wound healing and reduce amputation in a subset of patients with diabetic ulcers. Most patients with Wagner grade 1 and 2 ulcers will heal with carefully administered conventional care (local wound care and efficacious offloading). Appropriate candidates for HBOT are patients with long-standing nonhealing Wagner grade 3 or higher ulcers with an adequately perfused capillary bed in the wound area (best assessed by the transcutaneous oxygen tension [TcPO 2] response to 100% oxygen challenge). Nonetheless, there are no evidence-based criteria to select patients for HBOT and to predict their response. Although costly, HBOT is a reasonable, cost-effective adjunct to standard therapy. Prospective studies are needed to assess the long-term success of HBOT. ER  - 
Atomoxetine: A novel treatment for child and adult ADHD$$$ Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common chronic condition with childhood onset that can continue into adulthood. Medication is a fundamental element in the management of this disorder. Atomoxetine is the newest nonstimulant medication approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of ADHD. It is the only nonstimulant medication approved by the FDA for treatment of adult ADHD. Atomoxetine is a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor that selectively inhibits the presynaptic norepinephrine transporter. A growing body of literature supports the use of atomoxetine both in children and adults with ADHD. This paper summarizes information from the literature about atomoxetine, including pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, clinical trials, dosing, and side-effects. © 2006 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychopharmacology of topiramate: From epilepsy to bipolar disorder$$$ Topiramate (TPM) is one of the novel antiepileptic drugs and exhibits a wide range of mechanisms of action. Efficacy of TPM has been demonstrated in partial-onset seizures and primary generalized seizures in adults and children, as both monotherapy and adjunctive therapy. More recently, TPM has been proposed as an add-on treatment for patients with lithium-resistant bipolar disorder, especially those displaying rapid-cycling and mixed states. This paper reviews the multiple mechanisms of action and the tolerability profile of TPM in the light of its therapeutic potential in affective disorders. Studies of TPM in bipolar disorder are evaluated, and the efficacy and tolerability issues as a mood stabilizing agent are discussed. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Atypical antipsychotics to treat the neuropsychiatric symptoms of dementia$$$ Neuropsychiatric symptoms are common in older adults with dementia and can be associated with a rapid decline in cognitive and functional status. This article reviews the current literature supporting the use of atypical antipsychotic medications in this population. Among the currently available atypical antipsychotics, risperidone and olanzapine have been the most widely studied in double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials. Despite the common use of other atypical antipsychotic medications, their efficacy and safety in older adults with dementia has not been as extensively studied. Some controversy surrounds the use of atypical antipsychotic agents in older adults with the suggestion that they may increase the incidence of stroke or even death. Despite the potential for increased risk of harm from the use of these medications, atypical antipsychotics are often effective in treating troublesome neuropsychiatric symptoms refractory to other treatments. Whenever possible, these atypical antipsychotic drug treatments should be combined with non-pharmacological treatments to limit the need and dose of antipsychotic drugs and constant monitoring for potential harms should be maintained. The choice of which atypical antipsychotic agent can be guided by the nature and severity of the target symptom and the medication least likely to cause harm to the patient. © 2006 Dove Medical Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Data from regulatory studies: What do they tell? What don't they tell?$$$ Phase III studies of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are specifically designed to satisfy strict regulatory criteria. As they are conducted in protocol-restricted patient populations over short treatment periods and employ fixed study designs and dosing schedules, they are not fully representative of 'real-life' clinical practice. Therefore, in order to provide an overall assessment of clinical performance, regulatory studies must be backed up by post-marketing clinical experience. Phase IV studies provide information on a drug's performance in a setting more closely representing real clinical practice, with broader patient populations and a more flexible approach to individual treatment. Prospective long-term studies allow the determination of efficacy and safety (and cost-effectiveness) over extended treatment periods; these studies and audit data provide a means of assessing idiosyncratic side effects, unusual interactions and the effects of an AED in rare patient groups. By complementing regulatory evidence with real-life clinical experience, a comprehensive assessment of the risks and benefits of an AED can be made. © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005. ER  - 
Advances in drug treatments for children and adolescents with autism and other pervasive developmental disorders$$$ Autism is a disorder characterised by abnormalities in language and social development, and repetitive behaviours. Antipsychotics, including haloperidol and risperidone, are the most widely studied drugs for reducing symptoms in children and adolescents with autism. When administered at relatively low dosages, antipsychotics have been shown to reduce repetitive behaviours (stereotypies) and social withdrawal, as well as a number of related symptoms, such as hyperactivity, aggression, self-abusive behaviour, temper tantrums, lability of mood and irritability. Adverse effects of antipsychotics include sedation, dizziness, increased appetite, weight gain, changes in the electrocardiogram parameters, drooling, hyperprolactinemia and a risk of drug-related dyskinesias. Other agents have been less well studied for the treatment of autism, but there are suggestive data regarding their safety and efficacy. Of these agents, a number have been investigated, based on theories about the aetiology of autism, including SSRIs and naltrexone, although the efficacy of these agents has been limited. Stimulant drugs have been shown to reduce hyperactivity and improve focus, but they may cause behavioural worsening, weight loss and stereotypies de novo. Secretin is a treatment that has received much media attention after reports of efficacy from small open studies, but all controlled studies have failed to show any benefit. In autism, alternative treatments have also been used, but none have shown benefit in well-designed studies. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mood stabilizers in the treatment of substance abuse disorders$$$ Objective: Aim of the present review is to provide a view of the possible use of mood stabilizers (lithium and antiepileptic agents which proved useful in the management of bipolar disorders) in substance-related disorders. Methods: Evidence from the literature was reviewed regarding different therapeutic objectives between different substance-related pictures: intoxication, withdrawal, problematic use and abuse, comorbid mood instability and impulsiveness. From this viewpoint, single antiepileptic drugs are not judged on the basis of raw results, but sample characteristics as for diagnosis and observation terms are accounted for as major variables. For instance, the improvement in withdrawal symptoms is a short-term parameter which does not predict long-term efficacy upon relapsing behaviour. On the other hand, the usefulness upon substance abuse in bipolar disorder as a substrate may not correspond to effects in addictive pictures. Results: Withdrawal pictures often include a disposition to epileptic seizures. Nevertheless, when agonist drugs are available antiepileptic drugs should be regarded as second choice and not combined with agonist drugs as a routine. In particular, methadone and carbamazepine should not be combined since it induces methadone metabolism, while overdosing is possible with other associations. For abuse-related mood symptoms and impulsiveness, mood stabilisers are preferable to antidepressants since they allow the risk of (hypo)manic switching to be bypassed. Some antiepileptic drugs were shown to be useful in reducing the frequency of recurrent use, and prolong the time to first relapse. Most studies are not suitable to evaluate the effectiveness of the drugs employed for chronic relapsing behaviours, such as those of addictions: in fact, in a short-term perspective it is unclear whether use is only just interrupted or decreases gradually to extinction. Some others evaluate abusers and addicts together, or automatically select abusers with milder levels of craving. Therefore, reliable data concerning the effectiveness of antiepileptic drugs in addictive disorders are quite rare. As far as the treatment of dual diagnosis is concerned, lithium alone is not advisable since inixity and rapid-cycling patterns are usual among substance abusers. Valproate and lithium-valproate combinations are reasonably more effective, regardless of which substance is abused. Mood stabilisation in current substance abusers, when hardly possible, does not reflect any decreasing drug use, which should be targeted by specific anticraving treatments. Conclusions: Anticraving drugs are the first choice in addictive disorders, with and without comorbid mood disorders. Lithium and antiepileptic drugs showed some effectiveness against appetitive behaviours and impulsiveness. Moreover, bipolar disorders are quite common as a dual diagnosis in drug abusers. To date no major body of data is available to support the habitual use of antiepileptic drugs against craving. Nevertheless, substance-related impulsiveness and paroxysmal cravings may improve under antiepileptic treatment, in spite of ongoing substance use. Valproate is the most studied drug, and has been shown to be effective in comorbid abuse of different substances, and can be combined with standard methadone treatment in heroin abusers. ER  - 
Mood disorders and their treatment in patients with epilepsy$$$ Mood disorders in patients with epilepsy are not frequently diagnosed and not treated. Because of the high prevalence of depression and the resulting high suicide rate, precise diagnosis and effective therapy are very important. Frequently, the clinical pictures of depressive syndromes in epileptics do not correspond with those described in operationalized classification systems such as ICD-10 or DSM-IV. The incidence of depressive disorders in epileptics is estimated in the literature to be 30%-70%. Multifactorial pathogenetic models include the type of seizures, the location of the epileptic focus, and neurotransmitter dysfunctions, as well as hereditary and psychosocial influences, and negative psychotropic effects of antiepileptic drugs. Despite an insufficient number of available controlled studies, based on the current data, treatment with the newer serotonergic antidepressants can be recommended for patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
An update on the classification and treatment of vasculitic neuropathy$$$ Vasculitic neuropathy usually presents with painful mononeuropathies or an asymmetric polyneuropathy of acute or subacute onset. The disorder should be classified as being systemic or non-systemic. Systemic vasculitis should be further classified into one of the primary and secondary forms. Although specific treatment regimens vary among neurologists, basic principles can be applied. Corticosteroids and cytotoxic drugs have been the mainstay of treatment for most forms of vasculitic neuropathy. Here we discuss dosing, potential side-effects, and management recommendations of conventional treatments. New treatments showing promise include intravenous immunoglobulin and biological agents and trials of the newest treatments are being reviewed. Future trials should compare commonly used treatment regimens and better establish the efficacy of newer, potentially safer, treatments. ER  - 
Cannabinoids in multiple sclerosis (CAMS) study: Safety and efficacy data for 12 months follow up$$$ Objective: To test the effectiveness and long term safety of cannabinoids in multiple sclerosis (MS), in a follow up to the main Cannabinoids in Multiple Sclerosis (CAMS) study. Methods: In total, 630 patients with stable MS with muscle spasticity from 33 UK centres were randomised to receive oral Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC), cannabis extract, or placebo in the main 15 week CAMS study. The primary outcome was change in the Ashworth spasticity scale. Secondary outcomes were the Rivermead Mobility Index, timed 10 metre walk, UK Neurological Disability Score, postal Barthel Index, General Health Questionnaire-30, and a series of nine category rating scales. Following the main study, patients were invited to continue medication, double blinded, for up to 12 months in the follow up study reported here. Results: Intention to treat analysis of data from the 80% of patients followed up for 12 months showed evidence of a small treatment effect on muscle spasticity as measured by change in Ashworth score from baseline to 12 months (Δ9-THC mean reduction 1.82 (n = 154, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.53 to 3.12), cannabis extract 0.10 (n = 172, 95% CI -0.99 to 1.19), placebo -0.23 (n = 176, 95% CI -1.41 to 0.94); p = 0.04 unadjusted for ambulatory status and centre, p = 0.01 adjusted). There was suggestive evidence for treatment effects of Δ9-THC on some aspects of disability. There were no major safety concerns. Overall, patients felt that these drugs were helpful in treating their disease. Conclusions: These data provide limited evidence for a longer term treatment effect of cannabinoids. A long term placebo controlled study is now needed to establish whether cannabinoids may have a role beyond symptom amelioration in MS. ER  - 
The comparative effects of remifentanil or magnesium sulfate versus placebo on attenuating the hemodynamic responses after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ In this prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study we compared the effects of remifentanil or magnesium sulfate (MgSO4) versus placebo in attenuating the sympathetic response to electroconvulsive therapy. Twenty adults under-went a total of 115 anesthetics for therapeutic electro-convulsive therapy. Patients were randomly allocated twice into each of the three test groups: placebo control, MgSO4 30 mg/kg, or remifentanil 1.0 μg/kg. Systolic and diastolic arterial blood pressures, heart rate, and oxygen saturations were recorded before IV access was established. Anesthesia was induced with thiopental 4 mg/kg. The trial drug was then administered and neuromuscular blockade was followed with succinyl-choline 0.5 mg/kg before electroconvulsive therapy was performed. All measurements were repeated at O, 1, 3 and 10 min after the seizure ended. Remifentanil and MgSO4 produced a statistically significant attenuation of the increase in systolic arterial blood pressure at 0,1, and 3 min (P < 0.05). Remifentanil, but not MgSO4 or placebo, attenuated the increase in heart rate at 1 and 3 min but not the peak rate. Remifentanil increased the duration of apnea (mean 90 s), with no other adverse respiratory effects. Mean seizure duration time was 33 (± 14) s, with no difference among the groups. In conclusion, remifentanil 1.0 Mg/kg and MgSO4 30 mg/kg attenuated the systolic arterial blood pressure response to electroconvulsive therapy without reducing the duration of seizure activity. Because MgSO4 has less effect on HR, it might offer advantages over remifentanil in patients at risk for post-electroconvulsive therapy bradycardia. ©2005 by the International Anesthesia Research Society. ER  - 
Anoxic-epileptic seizures: Observational study of epileptic seizures induced by syncopes$$$ Aims: To describe a large series of children with anoxic-epileptic seizures (AES)-that is, epileptic seizures induced by syncopes. Methods: Retrospective case-note review in a tertiary paediatric neurology unit. For all 27 children seen with a definite diagnosis of AES between 1972 and 2002, a review of clinical histories, videotapes, and EEG/ECG studies was undertaken. Main outcome measures were: age of onset, frequency and type of syncopes; age of onset and frequency of AES; type and duration of induced epileptic seizures; effect of treatment of syncopal and epileptic components. Results: Median age of onset of syncopes was 8 months (range 0.2-120), frequency 2 in total to 40/day, median total ∼200. Syncopes were predominantly reflex asystolic (RAS), prolonged expiratory apnoea (cyanotic breath-holding spells), or of mixed or uncertain origin; there was one each of ear piercing and hair grooming vasovagal syncope and one of compulsive Valsalva. Median age of onset of AES was 17 months (range 7-120), frequency from total 1 to 3/day, median total 3. The epileptic component was almost always bilateral clonic; three had additional epilepsy, one each with complex partial seizures, myoclonic absences, and febrile seizures plus. Median duration of epileptic component was 5 minutes (range 0.5-40, mean 11). Cardiac pacing prevented RAS in two patients: most other anti-syncope therapies were ineffective. Diazepam terminated the epileptic component in 6/8. Valproate or carbamazepine abolished AES in 5/7 without influencing syncope frequency. Conclusions: Although uncommon compared with simple syncopes, syncope triggered epileptic seizures (AES) are an important treatable basis of status epilepticus. ER  - 
Pharmacologic interventions for psychosis and agitation in neurodegenerative diseases: Evidence about efficacy and safety$$$ Despite a significant body of research in this area, there are critical gaps in the evidence base on the treatment of the psychotic and behavioral symptoms associated with Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia. This problem has been exacerbated by recent FDA warnings on the risks of increased CVAEs and mortality with atypical antipsychotic treatment, without the release of the scientific evidence on which these warnings are based. At present, the evidence for treatment benefits are greatest for risperidone and olanzapine, but these are the agents for which there have been warnings about the increased risks of CVAEs as well as mortality. Use of these agents should be reserved for those cases in which psychotic or behavioral symptoms are severe and associated with secondary complications. Their use should require an evaluation of the balance between the potential benefits and risks of treatment for the individual patient, and the provider's judgement that the balance is in favor of treatment. The published clinical trials provide evidence in support of the use of clozapine for clinically significant psychotic symptoms in PD for patients who have not responded or cannot tolerate modifications to their PD medication regimen. In DLB, there is evidence in support of the use of cholinesterase inhibitors as treatments for both cognitive impairment and neuropsychiatric symptoms. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Thymalfasin for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection$$$ Approximately 50% of treatment-naive hepatitis C patients fail to achieve a sustained virologic response with standard peginterferon and ribavirin therapy. Patients who are infected with genotype 1 have high viral loads and are nonresponders to previous therapy, and are even more difficult to treat, underscoring the need for new therapeutic options. Thymalfasin (thymosin-α1), in combination with peginterferon-α2a, has demonstrated efficacy among difficult-to-treat patients with hepatitis C. The addition of ribavirin to thymalfasin and peginterferon-α2a has also exhibited promising results among patients who have genotype 1 hepatitis C, high viral loads and are nonresponders to previous therapy. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Endocannabinoids in the central nervous system: From neuronal networks to behavior$$$ Retrograde synaptic signaling influences both short-term and long-term plasticity of the brain, in both excitatory and inhibitory synapses. During the last few years it has become apparent that the endogenous ligands for the cannabinoid CB1 receptor, the "endocannabinoids", fulfill an essential role in the brain as retrograde synaptic messengers, in a number of structures including the hippocampus, cerebellum and the limbic and mesocortical systems. This seminal discovery provides a cellular basis for the well known ubiquitous role of the endocannabinoids and their receptors (together, the "ECBR" system) in virtually all brain functions studied. This review will relate the anatomical distribution of the endocannabinoids and their CB1 receptors to functions of the ECBR system, as much as possible in light of the endocannabinoids as retrograde synaptic messengers. Functional implications of the high rates of co-localization with cholecystokinin (CCK), will also be considered. The most obvious function to be profoundly affected by the retrograde synaptic role of the endocannabinoids is memory. However, additional functions and dysfunctions such as reward and addiction, motor coordination, pain perception, feeding and appetite, coping with stress, schizophrenia and epilepsy will also be reviewed. Finally, the widespread presence of the ECBR system in the brain also lends a scientific basis for the development of cannabinoid-based medicines. The same ubiquity of the ECBR system however, should also be taken into consideration with respect to possible adverse side effects and addictive potential of such pharmaceutical developments. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
The use of opioids in the treatment of osteoarthritis: When, why, and how?$$$ As life expectancy increases every decade, the incidence and prevalence of osteoarthritis (OA) also will increase. Despite progress in our knowledge of the pathophysiology of OA, the management of OA-mediated pain continues to challenge physicians. Concern regarding the cardiovascular effects of cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors and the gastrointestinal and renal side effects of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) in general has limited the use of these medications in the management of chronic non-cancer pain. Appropriately dosed and monitored use of opioids for OA pain, when more conservative methods have failed, has potentially fewer life-threatening complications associated with it than the more commonly and often less successfully employed pharmacotherapeutic approaches to care. When used as part of a multimodal approach to pain control, opioids are a safe and effective treatment for joint pain, including that of OA. Patients for whom NSAIDs are contraindicated, or for whom combined acetaminophen, tramadol, and NSAID therapy is ineffective, may be started on low-dose opioids and titrated as needed and tolerated. Patient education and informed consent, exercise, complementary medicine, and the use of a controlled substance agreement increases the likelihood of patient compliance with treatment guidelines, improving functional capacity and quality of life. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Side effects of interferon-α therapy$$$ Aim: Interferon-α (IFN-α) has been extensively explored for its efficacy in various disease conditions and is currently used as a standard treatment in several of these. Its use is accompanied by a wide variety of possible side effects. These side-effects may hamper reaching and maintaining the dose needed for maximal therapeutic effect while their occurrence can outweigh clinical benefit of IFN-α treatment. This review addresses the toxicity profile of IFN-α, the presumed pathophysiology of the different side effects and the strategies to handle these. Methods: Computerized searches were used and cross-references of articles and books were checked. Results: Adverse effects due to IFN-α have been described in almost every organ system. Many side-effects are clearly dose-dependent. Taken together, occurrence of flu-like symptoms, hematological toxicity, elevated transaminases, nausea, fatigue, and psychiatric sequelae are the most frequently encountered. Although insight in the mechanisms accounting for IFN-α-related toxicities has improved in recent years, much remains to be elucidated. Guidelines on the management of these untoward sequelae are mostly based on clinical experience, while many side-effects can only be adequately handled by dose adjustment or cessation of treatment. Conclusion: Further research on the mechanisms underlying both therapeutic effects and adverse events is warranted. Hopefully, this will lead to better identification of those patients who are likely to benefit from treatment without experiencing severe toxicities. © Springer 2005. ER  - 
The LAM-SAFE Study: Lamotrigine versus carbamazepine or valproic acid in newly diagnosed focal and generalised epilepsies in adolescents and adults$$$ Objective: To investigate efficacy and safety of lamotrigine (LTG) versus carbamazepine (CBZ) or valproic acid (VPA) in newly diagnosed focal (FE) and idiopathic generalised (GE) epilepsies in adolescents and adults. Methods: Open-label randomised comparative multicentre 24-week monotherapy trial in newly diagnosed epilepsy patients of ≥12 years of age. Patients with FE were treated with LTG or CBZ, those with GE received LTG or VPA. The primary efficacy variable was the number of seizure-free patients during study weeks 17 and 24. Results: Two hundred and thirty-nine patients were included. One hundred and seventy-six patients suffered from FE and 63 from GE. In the FE group, 88 patients each were treated with CBZ or LTG. Ninety-four percent of the CBZ patients and 89% of the LTG patients became seizure-free according to an intent-to-treat analysis (not statistically different). The rate of patients discontinuing treatment due to adverse events or a lack of efficacy was 19% with CBZ compared to 9% with LTG (not statistically different). In the GE group, 30 patients received VPA and 33 LTG. During study weeks 17 and 24, 61% of the LTG patients and 84% of the VPA patients had become seizure-free (not statistically significant). The drop-out rate due to lack of efficacy or adverse events was 12% with LTG and 3% with VPA (not statistically different). Conclusions: This study indicates that the effectiveness of LTG in focal and generalised epilepsy syndromes as initial monotherapy in patients ≥12 years is in the range of standard first-line antiepileptic drugs. © 2005 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Diagnosis and treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), a relatively common disorder, is underdiagnosed and undertreated despite the existence of effective treatments. OCD can be differentiated from other disorders with obsessive or compulsive features based on the content of the obsessions or the characteristics of the compulsions. Serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs) and cognitive-behavioral therapy are proven treatments for OCD; they bring clinically significant reduction in symptoms, although complete remission is not common in clinical trials. The efficacy and safety of SRI treatment of OCD has been demonstrated by numerous double-blind, randomized, controlled trials. These trials suggest that it usually takes longer for response to begin and higher doses are required than for depressive disorders. Research also supports a trial of another SRI for patients who have failed a trial of one SRI. For refractory cases, augmentation with atypical antipsychotics such as risperidone or quetiapine is recommended. ER  - 
EFNS guideline on treatment of multiple sclerosis relapses: Report of an EFNS task force on treatment of multiple sclerosis relapses$$$ Relapses, exacerbations or attacks of multiple sclerosis are the dominating feature of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS), but are also observed in patients with secondary progressive MS. High-dose methylprednisolone is the routine therapy for relapses at present, but other treatments are also in current use. The objective of the task force was to review the literature on treatment of MS relapses to provide evidence-based treatment recommendations. Review was carried out on the literature with classification of evidence according to the EFNS guidelines for scientific task forces. Short-term, high-dose methylprednisolone treatment should be considered for the treatment of relapses of MS (level A recommendation). The optimal glucocorticoid treatment regimen, in terms of clinical efficacy and adverse events, remains to be established. A more intense, interdisciplinary rehabilitation programme should be considered as this probably further improves recovery after treatment with methylprednisolone (level B recommendation). Plasma exchange is probably efficacious in a subgroup of patients with severe relapses not responding to methylprednisolone therapy, and should be considered in this patient subgroup (level B recommendation). There is a need for further randomized, controlled trials in order to establish the optimal treatment regimen for relapses of MS. © 2005 EFNS. ER  - 
Effective measures for controlling trypanosomiasis$$$ African trypanosomiasis, otherwise known as sleeping sickness in humans and 'Nagana' in cattle, is a disease that is resurgent in Africa. Research on the disease suggests that the development of a vaccine is still far away; even existing drugs are becoming ineffective on account of the emergence of drug-resistant trypanosomes. All this contributes to heavy economic losses and a sociopolitical crisis in the continent, thus underscoring the pressure to intensify research for inexpensive, less toxic and affordable trypanocides. This review discusses the current treatment of trypanosomiasis and the progress made towards the effective control of trypanosomiasis. © 2005 Ashley Publications. ER  - 
Clinical analysis of 73 cases of hypoglycemia with brain dysfunctions$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify the clinical features and pathogenesis of hypoglycemia with brain dysfunctions as the main manifestations. METHOD: A retrospective analysis of 73 cases with brain dysfunctions caused by hypoglycemia was performed. RESULT: Hypoglycemic brain dysfunctions were mainly caused by poor control of the dosage of hypoglycemic agents in diabetic patients, and the major clinical manifestations included coma, hemiparalysis, epilepsy and mental disorders. The pathogenesis was complicated, possibly related to a variety of factors such as rapid declination of blood sugar level, aging, cerebral arteriosclerosis, and hypoglycemic cerebral vasospasm or selective nerve injury. CONCLUSIONS: A blood sugar test should be performed for any patients with brain dysfunctions of unidentified causes for early diagnosis and treatment. In addition, diabetic patients should take hypoglycemic agent adequately. Regular monitoring of blood sugar level is key to the prevention of hypoglycemia. ER  - 
Behaviour, cognition and epilepsy$$$ Cognitive and behavioural impairments have been observed as a consequence even of single seizures. In individuals with high seizure frequency, such impairments may accumulate and have a much greater impact on daily life than hitherto suspected. In addition, the risk of behavioural impairments is increased for some seizure types, such as secondary generalized seizures. Moreover, for all epilepsy types, increased risk is associated with persistent or poorly controlled seizures. Clinical studies show that cognitive impairments induced by seizures are reversible for most seizure types when seizures are controlled adequately. Additionally, for some seizure types there may be a kind of time window within which impairments are reversible. Exceeding the time window may result in irreversible impairment. These studies suggest that antiepileptic drug treatment can thus protect against such secondary behavioural impairments or at least correct these when seizures are controlled. This emphasizes the need to achieve complete and early seizure control. On the contrary, all antiepileptic drugs have a detrimental effect on the central nervous system and may affect cognitive function, behaviour and mood to some extent. Some treatments may undo the beneficial effects of antiepileptic drug treatment by inducing new or other cognitive impairments. This once more illustrates the need for the emphasis of clinical practice to evolve from mere seizure control to a more comprehensive approach, in which the prevention of central cognitive effects and effects on daily life of both seizures and drugs is given due attention. Optimal management requires a careful balance between, on the one hand, the desire to reach early and maximal seizure control and, on the other, the need to avoid tolerability problems related to cognitive and behavioural impairments. This article reviews how this balance can be achieved for older and newer antiepileptic drugs. © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005. ER  - 
Insect avoidance and malaria chemoprophylaxis$$$ The four principles of malaria prevention may be summarized in an "ABCD" format: • Be Aware of malaria risk at your destination. • Avoid being Bitten by mosquitoes (especially between dusk and dawn). • Take Chemoprophylaxis when appropriate. • Immediately seek Diagnosis and treatment if fever develops, even up to 1 year after departure [14]. Selecting a chemoprophylactic drug regimen can be complex and is based on many factors, including destination, duration of travel, cost, and individual patient factors such as age, pregnancy status, and contraindications. All regimens must be accompanied by insect avoidance measures that use DEET-containing repellants along with treated bed nets or window screens. No prophylactic agent is 100% protective by itself, even when taken exactly as directed. nevertheless, most patients who acquire malaria are nonadherent and either skip doses or forget to complete their critical posttravel regimen once they have returned to familiar surroundings. Successful malaria counseling requires the investment of time, not only for researching the patient's risk but also for careful patient coaching and motivation. Travelers should be given prepared handouts to take with them that discuss antimalarial options, directions for use, and possible side effects. Pretravel counseling, contingency plans, and the availability of future consultation will further enhance adherence. ER  - 
Addiction and pregnancy$$$ Addiction during pregnancy contributes to maternal and infant morbidity including pre-term deliveries, low birth weight, neonatal withdrawal, lengthy neonatal intensive care and infant mortality. Combined use of pharmacological and behavioral treatment approaches in managing pregnant opioid-dependent women has been shown to be beneficial for improving treatment retention and reducing maternal drug use. Clinicians should understand the complex biopsychosocial factors that make the treatment of opioid-dependent pregnant women a challenge as well as the principles and the differences in using methadone or buprenorphine combined with behavioral treatment. Researchers should consider continued studies on the use of methadone during pregnancy, relationship of maternal dose and neonatal abstinence, the differences between methadone and buprenorphine, and the impact of pharmacological options on patients and treatment providers. ER  - 
Pharmacologic treatment of behavioral symptoms in autism and pervasive developmental disorders$$$ Autism and other pervasive developmental disorders (PDDs) are associated with various dysfunctional and problematic behaviors, in addition to the core features of language and social skills dysfunction that define these conditions. Although there is currently no pharmacologic cure for the core features of PDDs, some of the behavioral symptoms may be treated pharmacologically. In addition to relieving some of the daily stress in the lives of patients and their families, improvement of these behavioral symptoms, which include hyperactivity, aggression, tantrums, and self-injury, removes some of the hindrances to other rehabilitative efforts. This article discusses the efficacy and tolerability of various medications and alternative interventions in addressing the symptoms of autism and other PDDs. ER  - 
Augmentation strategies in clozapine-resistant schizophrenia$$$ The introduction of antipsychotics in the 1950s revolutionised the treatment of schizophrenia, but it soon became apparent that a substantial number of patients demonstrated a suboptimal response to these antipsychotics. Clozapine proved to be beneficial in patients whose symptoms were treatment resistant, but it too had limitations, with as many as 40-70% of those treated with clozapine demonstrating inadequate response to this drug as well. The availability of other 'atypical' antipsychotics offers options, but clozapine appears to remain the most effective option in treatment-resistant schizophrenia. This, of course, raises the question of what to do when clozapine is only partially effective. To address the issue of treatment in patients who have demonstrated a suboptimal response to clozapine, efforts have focused on a variety of augmentation strategies, including numerous medications and electroconvulsive therapy. The current body of evidence consists largely of data from smaller open trials and case series/reports, although data from a limited number of controlled studies are now available. Not surprisingly, the evidence drawn from the former is more supportive of augmentation strategies, although the controlled trials are not without positive findings. The available information is certainly not so overwhelming as to endorse any single augmentation approach. Indeed, it argues for more controlled data and cautions us regarding the cost-benefit ratio in adopting this strategy. Over and above the added adverse effects of another treatment, there is evidence to indicate that actual clinical worsening can occur. Without compelling evidence, clinicians must resort to guiding principles. The potential benefits of augmentation cannot be ruled out, but it should be approached with caution and in a systematic fashion. Factors compromising clozapine response should first be ruled out, and any augmentation trials should be guided by existing evidence and a treatment plan that incorporates a clear understanding of target symptoms. A means of evaluating outcome effectively needs to be in place, and the trial should be circumscribed to prevent needless polypharmacy. A priori, an endpoint needs to be established and the trial discontinued unless results firmly support added benefits. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Medical illness and comorbidities in drug users: Implications for addiction pharmacotherapy treatment$$$ Providing effective medical care to those with substance use disorders can be a challenge to clinicians. In this article, we briefly summarize issues that occur frequently in the medical treatment of substance users. The focus of this article is twofold. The first is to briefly summarize common co-occurring medical illnesses in those manifesting substance use disorders with an emphasis on issues related to providing effective treatment for these diseases in this population. Using specific examples of frequently occurring comorbid medical illness in substance users, including infectious diseases (hepatitis C and HIV disease), sexually transmitted diseases, and pregnancy as examples, the complexities of medical care for this population is demonstrated. Second, this article addresses some of the difficulties encountered in pharmacotherapy aimed specifically at treatment of substance use disorders. For example, difficulties in managing concomitant opiate therapy in those requiring medications for medical illness that may have strong and adverse interactions with opiates are addressed. Adverse events reported for some substance use disorder pharmacotherapies are also highlighted. We conclude with a brief review of models of care that have been effective in addressing the needs of this challenging population that can provide additional means for enhancing the clinical care of substance users. Copyright © 2005 Taylor & Francis Inc. ER  - 
Combination treatment for nicotine dependence: State of the science$$$ Both nicotine replacement and sustained-release buproprion double the odds of achieving short- and moderate-term abstinence from nicotine. However, questions remain about the efficacy of combining pharmacotherapies. Our purposes were to review the evidence for (1) combined pharmacotherapy and (2) multimodal treatment combining pharmacotherapy and behavioral treatment and to recommend combinations of treatments to reduce nicotine dependence. Combining first-line pharmacotherapies with each other or with investigational drugs shows little benefit. In contrast, trials combining specific behavioral treatments with first-line pharmacotherapies show enhanced smoking cessation rates, but benefits are not seen in all populations. We recommend future directions for research, including better specification of behavioral components and further examination of the length and timing of treatment. Copyright © 2005 Taylor & Francis Inc. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of alcohol use disorders$$$ Therapeutic interventions to treat alcoholism have increased in number, including several pharmacotherapies. Aspects of epidemiology, gender, and psychiatric comorbidity as well as a brief overview of neurobiology are presented as an introduction. The medications used clinically for the treatment of alcoholism, disulfiram and naltrexone, approved by the Food and Drug Administration in the United States for the treatment of alcoholism and acamprosate, a medication used extensively in Europe that is currently being evaluated in the United States, are reviewed in detail. An overview of the serotonergic agents is also provided. Finally, future directions, including new medications and some clinical strategies that show promise but are not yet used extensively clinically, are mentioned. Copyright © 2005 Taylor & Francis Inc. ER  - 
Landiolol and esmolol prevent tachycardia without altering cerebral blood flow$$$ Purpose: Several β-adrenergic-blocking drugs have been used during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) to stabilize the hemodynamic alterations following electrical stimulation. The effects of two ultra-short acting β-adrenergic-blocking drugs, esmolol and landiolol, on systemic and cerebral circulation were studied during ECT. Methods: In the first study (n = 15), dose-dependent hemodynamic changes were studied when landiolol was administered immediately after induction of anesthesia. In the second study (n = 12), effects of esmolol and landiolol on systemic and cerebral circulation were compared. Patients in Study 1 received three doses of landiolol, and patients in Study 2 received two types of β-adrenergic-blocking drugs, in a randomized crossover design in a series of ECT trials. Results: In the first study, 0.25 to 0.5 mg·kg-1 landiolol induced a lower heart rate after the electrical stimulation compared to vehicle (P < 0.01). Landiolol did not have significant effects on blood pressure. In the second study, heart rate was stabilized by 1.0 mg·kg-1 esmolol iv or 0.5 mg·kg-1 landiolol iv. Increase in mean blood pressure was ameliorated by esmolol (P < 0.01), but not by landiolol. Mean cerebral blood flow velocity in the middle cerebral artery increased at one to two minutes after the electrical stimulation regardless of the use of β-adrenergic-blocking drugs (P < 0.01). Muscular and electroencephalographic seizure durations were not significantly altered by the β-adrenergic-blocking drugs. Conclusion: Landiolol suppresses heart rate elevation during ECT without affecting blood pressure. Cerebral blood flow velocity in the middle cerebral artery is not affected by the use of either esmolol or landiolol. ER  - 
The clinical use of memantine$$$ This review outlines the use of memantine in clinical practice and represents the output of a consensus group who met to consider the use of the drug. The main conclusions were: memantine, a glutamatergic agent, has a different mode of action to the other available agents, for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, the anticholinesterases; is indicated for the treatment of moderately severe to severe Alzheimer's disease; shows efficacy over placebo in improving cognitive function, activities of daily living and global assessments; is well tolerated with a favourable side effect profile (the main side effects are hallucinations, confusion, dizziness, headache and tiredness) and; can be combined with good efficacy and safety with donepezil. Memantine looks likely to prove a valuable new tool in clinical practice. ER  - 
Acute respiratory failure in asthma$$$ Although asthma is a condition that is managed in the outpatient setting in most patients, the poorly controlled and severe cases pose a major challenge to the health-care team. Recognition of the more common insidious and the less common rapid onset "acute asphyxic" asthma are important. The intensivist needs to be familiar with the factors that denote severity of the exacerbation. The management of respiratory failure in asthma, including pharmacologic and mechanical ventilation, are discussed in this article. Two important complications of the positive-pressure ventilation, the dynamic hyperinflation and barotrauma, may be life-threatening. Interventions with helium-oxygen mixtures, anesthesia, and paralysis may be considered in certain situations. ER  - 
DP-VPA: Antiepileptic drug$$$ Valproic acid (VPA) is an effective antiepileptic drug that has been on the market for over 30 years. It suffers, however, from significant dose-dependent adverse effects that limit its use. DP-VPA, a new chemical entity, is a lipid-modified VPA that exhibits superior potency in animal models of epilepsy. DP-VPA is subject to selective pathology-related activation by phospholipase A2 (PLA2, an enzyme that is upregulated in firing neurons. DP-VPA has undergone extensive preclinical testing in animals that confirmed its efficacy in chemical and genetic epilepsy models at doses up to 80-fold lower than for the parent drug VPA. DP-VPA is absorbed mainly via the lymphatic route and does not undergo first-pass hepatic metabolism. DP-VPA's pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic characteristics should enable once-daily dosing and improved patient compliance. Safety studies in healthy human volunteers and epilepsy patients indicate that DP-VPA is well tolerated. In patients with resistant epilepsy, DP-VPA has a marked effect on seizure frequency and is well tolerated. It provides VPA serum concentrations below the accepted therapeutic range, which results in fewer adverse effects during treatment with DP-VPA. DP-VPA is thus a promising new alternative to VPA for the treatment of epilepsy, with potential also for the treatment of bipolar disorder and migraine. Copyright © 2005 Prous Science. ER  - 
Clinical and cost-effectiveness of newer immunosuppressive regimens in renal transplantation: A systematic review and modelling study$$$ Objectives: To examine the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of the newer immunosuppressive drugs for renal transplantation: basiliximab, daclizumab, tacrolimus, mycophenolate (mofetil and sodium) and sirolimus. Data sources: Electronic databases. Industry submissions. Current Clinical Trials register. Cochrane Collaboration Renal Disease Group. Review methods: The review followed the InterTASC standards. Each of the five company submissions to the National Institute for Clinical Excellence (NICE) contained cost-effectiveness models, which were evaluated by using a critique covering (1) model checking, (2) a detailed model description and (3) model rerunning. Results: For induction therapy, three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found that daclizumab significantly reduced the incidence of biopsy-confirmed acute rejection and patient survival at 6 months/1 year compared with placebo, but not compared with the monoclonal antibody OKT3. There was no significant gain in patient survival or graft loss at 3 years. The incidence of side-effects with daclizumab reduced compared to OKT3. Eight RCTs found that basiliximab significantly improved 6-month/1-year biopsy-confirmed acute rejection compared to placebo, but not compared to either ATG or OKT3. There was no significant gain in either 1-year patient survival or graft loss. The incidence of side-effects with basiliximab was not significantly different compared to OKT3/ATG. For initial/maintenance therapy, 13 RCTs found that tacrolimus reduced the 6-month/1-year incidence of biopsy-proven acute rejection compared to ciclosporin. There was no significant improvement in either 1-year or long-term (up to 5 years) graft loss or patient survival. The acute rejection benefit of tacrolimus over ciclosporin appeared to be equivalent for Sandimmun and Neoral. There were important differences in the side-effect profile of tacrolimus and ciclosporin. Seven RCTs found that mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) reduced the incidence of acute rejection. There was no significant difference in patient survival or graft loss at 1-year or 3-year follow-up. There appeared to be differences in the side-effect profiles of MMF and azathioprine (AZA). No RCTs comparing MMF with AZA were identified. One RCT compared mycophenolate sodium (MPS) to MMF and reported no difference between the two drugs in 1-year acute rejection rate, graft survival, patient survival or side-effect profile. Two RCTs suggest that addition of sirolimus to a ciclosporin-based initial/maintenance therapy reduces 1-year acute rejections in comparison to a ciclosporin (Neoral) dual therapy alone and substituting azathioprine with sirolimus in initial/maintenance therapy reduces the incidence of acute rejection. Graft and patient survival were not significantly different with either sirolimus regimen. Adding sirolimus increases the incidence of side-effects. The side-effect profiles of azathioprine and sirolimus appear to be different. For the treatment of acute rejection, three RCTs suggested that both tacrolimus and MMF reduce the incidence of subsequent acute rejection and the need for additional drug therapy. Only one RCT and one subgroup analysis in children (< 18 years) were identified comparing ciclosporin to tacrolimus and sirolimus, respectively. Conclusions: The newer immunosuppressant drugs (basiliximab, daclizumab, tacrolimus and MMF) consistently reduced the incidence of short-term (1-year) acute rejection compared with conventional immunosuppressive therapy. The independent use of basiliximab, daclizumab, tacrolimus and MMF was associated with a similar absolute reduction in 1-year acute rejection rate (approximately 15%). However, the effects of these drugs did not appear to be additive (e.g. benefit of tacrolimus with adjuvant MMF was 5% reduction in acute rejection rate compared with 15% reduction with adjuvant AZA). Thus, the addition of one of these drugs to a baseline immunosuppressant regimen was likely to affect adversely the incremental cost-effectiveness of the addition of another. The trials did not assess how the improvement in short-term outcomes (e.g. acute rejection rate or measures of graft function), together with the side-effect profile associated with each drug, translated into changes in patient-related quality of life. Moreover, given the relatively short duration of trials, the impact of the newer immunosuppressants on long-term graft loss and patient survival remains uncertain. The absence of both long-term outcome and quality of life from trial data makes assessment of the clinical and cost-effectiveness on the newer immunosuppressants contingent on modelling based on extrapolations from short-term trial outcomes. The choice of the most appropriate short-term outcome (e.g. acute rejection rate or measures of graft function) for such modelling remains a matter of clinical and scientific debate. The decision to use acute rejection in the meta-model in this report was based on the findings of a systematic review of the literature of predictors of long-term graft outcome. Only a very small proportion of the RCTs identified in this review assessed patient-focused outcomes such as quality of life. Since immunosuppressive drugs have both clinical benefits and specific side-effects, the balance of these harms and benefits could best be quantified through future trials using quality of life measures. The design of future trials should be considered with a view to the impact of drugs on particular renal transplant groups, particularly higher risk individuals and children. Finally there is a need for improved reporting of methodological details of future trials, such as the method of randomisation and allocation concealment. A number of issues exist around registry data, for example the use of multiple drug regimens and the need to assess the long-term outcomes. An option is the use of observational registry data including, if possible, prospective data on all consecutive UK renal transplant patients. Data capture for each patient should include immunosuppressant regimens, clinical and patient-related outcomes and patient demographics. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2005. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical drug interactions with medicinal herbs$$$ The problem of herb-drug interactions is being increasingly recognised. However, except for hypericum (Hypericum perforatum L.; St John's wort), data on drug interactions with other herbs are still inconclusive, although research has started to fill in the gaps, and knowledge is being gained about this important safety issue. This review summarises clinical data on interactions between drugs and herbal medicines, which were compiled using the following databases: MEDLINE via PubMed, Web of Science® (from their inception until March 2005) and the Cochrane Library (until 2005, issue 1). Clinical data on herb-drug interactions, observed in case reports, case series or clinical trials, were included. Results are described for the following herbs: Devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens D.C.), echinacea, evening primrose (Oenothera biennis L.), garlic (Allium sativum L.), ginkgo (Ginkgo biloba L.), goldenseal (Hydrastis canadensis L.), hawthorn, kava (Piper methysticum Forst.), milk thistle (Silybum marianum [L.] Gaertn.), peppermint, saw palmetto (Serenoa repens [Bartel] Small) and valerian. Information on herb-drug interactions is discussed through use of in vivo and experimental data, and conclusions are drawn when possible. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Changes in depression and anxiety after resective surgery for epilepsy$$$ Objective: To determine changes in depression and anxiety after resective surgery. Methods: Data from subjects enrolled in a prospective multicenter study of resective epilepsy surgery were reviewed with the Beck Psychiatric Symptoms Scales (Beck Depression Inventory [BDI] and Beck Anxiety Inventory [BAI]) and Composite International Diagnostic Interview (CIDI) up to a 24-month period, χ2 analyses were used to correlate proportions. Results: A total of 358 presurgical BDI and 360 BAI results were reviewed. Moderate and severe levels of depression were reported in 22.1% of patients, and similar levels of anxiety were reported by 24.7%. Postoperative rates of depression and anxiety declined at the 3-, 12-, and 24-month follow-up periods. At the 24-month follow-up, moderate to severe levels of depression symptoms were reported in 17.6 and 14.7% of the patients who continued to have postoperative seizures. Moderate to severe depression and anxiety were found in 8.2% of those who were seizure-free. There was no relationship, prior to surgery, between the presence or absence of depression and anxiety and the laterality or location of the seizure onset. There were no significant relationships between depression or anxiety at 24-month follow-up and the laterality or location of the surgery. Conclusions: Depression and anxiety in patients with refractory epilepsy significantly improve after epilepsy surgery, especially in those who are seizure-free. Neither the lateralization nor the localization of the seizure focus or surgery was associated with the risk of affective symptoms at baseline or after surgery. Copyright © 2005 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Role of endogenous neural stem cells in neurological disease and brain repair$$$ These examples show that stem-cell-based therapy of neuro-psychiatric disorders will not follow a single scheme, but rather include widely different approaches. This is in accordance with the notion that the impact of stem cell biology on neurology will be fundamental, providing a shift in perspective, rather than introducing just one novel therapeutic tool. Stem cell biology, much like genomics and proteomics, offers a "view from within" with an emphasis on a theoretical or real potential and thereby the inherent openness, which is central to the concept of stem cells. Thus, stem cell biology influences many other, more traditional therapeutic approaches, rather than introducing one distinct novel form of therapy. Substantial advances have been made in neural stem cell research during the past few years. With the identification of stem and progenitor cells in the adult brain and die complex interaction of different stem cell compartments in the CNS-both, under physiological and pathological conditions-new questions arise: What is the lineage relationship between the different progenitor cells in the CNS and how much lineage plasticity exists? What are the signals controlling proliferation and differentiation of neural stem cells and can these be utilized to allow repair of the CNS? Insights in these questions will help to better understand the role of stem cells during development and aging and the possible relation of impaired or disrupted stem cell function and their impact on both the development and treatment of neurological disease. A number of studies have indicated a limited neuronal and glial regeneration in certain pathological conditions. These fundamental observations have already changed our view on understanding neurological disease and the brain's capacity for endogenous repair. The following years will have to show how we can influence and modulate endogenous repair mechanisms by increasing the cellular plasticity in the young and aged CNS. ©2006 Eurekah.com and Kluwer Academic / Plenum Publishers. ER  - 
Antidepressants and seizures: Emphasis on newer agents and clinical implications$$$ Seizures are a known, relatively rare, consequence of antidepressant treatment. Risk estimates vary depending on the study, source of data and patient population, predisposed vs. nonpredisposed. For newer antidepressants (e.g. selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, bupropion, mirtazepine, etc.), the risk is generally considered to be low (0.0%-0.4%) and not very different from the incidence of first seizure in the general population (0.07%-0.09%). Risk with tricyclic antidepressants at effective therapeutic doses is relatively high (0.4% to 1-2%). Seizure following overdose is a significant and relatively frequent event for some antidepressants. Patients being considered for antidepressant treatment should be screened for predisposition to seizures. Predisposed patients should receive antidepressants cautiously. The seizure potential of antidepressants in patients without a predisposition is low, especially for newer antidepressants. Seizure risk, along with other drug-related considerations, e.g. weight gain, sexual dysfunction and sedation, should be considered when prescribing an antidepressant. © Blackwell Publishing Ltd, 2005. ER  - 
Opioid therapy for chronic noncancer pain: Practice guidelines for initiation and maintenance of therapy$$$ Contemporary standard pharmacological care for the treatment of noncancer pain includes the use of opioid medications. The responsiveness of neuropathic pain to opioids has long been an area of controversy. Evidence from multiple randomized controlled trials indicates that opioids can relieve pain in a variety of neuropathic pain syndromes. Opioids are typically reserved for moderate to severe pain that cannot be relieved by the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). Opioids are often used in combination with other adjuvants or other analgesic agents. The advantage of opioids is the lack of a ceiling effect of the pure mu opioid agonists. The disadvantages of these drugs are a series of mechanism-based opioids-related side effects (e.g., nausea, drowsiness, constipation) and the potential issue of their abuse and misuse. Each patient needs to undergo a comprehensive evaluation and receive education on the treatment. The physician must be well conversant with the differential diagnosis and definitions of physical dependence, tolerance, pseudotolerance, aberrant behaviors, addiction, and pseudoaddiction. No specific opioid drug is intrinsically "better" than the others. Opioid rotation refers to the switch from one opioid to another when the degree of analgesia obtained is limited by the persistence of adverse effects or the occurrence of clinically relevant tolerance. This approach is based on the observation that a patient's response varies from opioid to opioid. At present, after 1) appropriate selection of patients and 2) longitudinal patient care with routine assessment of degree of analgesia, functional daily activities, adverse events and aberrant behaviors is carried out, opioid therapy can be the safest and most effective treatment measure for quality of life improvement in the chronic pain patient. ER  - 
Ephedra: Yesterday, DSHEA, and tomorrow - A ten year perspective on the dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994$$$ The Dietary Supplement Heath and Education Act of 1994 (DSHEA) established the regulatory framework for dietary supplements in the United States, triggering the growth of a multi-billion dollar industry. Ephedra is a dietary supplement used for weight loss. However, due to its sympathomimetic activity, it has caused stroke, cardiac arrhythmia, and death. Accordingly, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has prohibited its sale in the United States since April 12, 2004. Consequently, numerous other dietary supplements are attempting to fill the marketing void. An evaluation of these products demonstrates a general lack of efficacy and safety data. Thus, in the ten years since the passage of DSHEA, the dietary supplement industry remains controversial and a concern for consumer safety. © 2005 by The Haworth Press, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Extended-release carbamazepine (Equetro) for bipolar disorder$$$ An extended-release formulation of carbamazepine, available since 1997 for treatment of epilepsy, has now been approved under a new name, Equetro, for acute mania and mixed episodes of bipolar disorder. Although the drug was effective in some patients for up to 6 months, it has not been approved for maintenance treatment. Carbamazepine has not been shown to be more effective than lithium or valproate, and it can cause serious adverse effects. ER  - 
Eszopiclone (Lunesta), a new hypnotic$$$ Eszopiclone (Lunesta) is effective for treatment of insomnia for at least 6 months, with no evidence of tolerance, dependence or abuse. It has caused mild, transient memory impairment in some patients. No studies are available comparing eszopiclone with similar drugs like zolpidem (Ambien) or zaleplon (Sonata). ER  - 
The use of clonidine for severe and intractable sleep problems in children with neurodevelopmental disorders: A case series$$$ This paper reports on the use of clonidine for the treatment of severe sleep problems associated with behavioural difficulties in children with neurodevelopmental disabilities. Data were obtained from reviewing the case notes of a series of six children with neurodevelopmental disorders of different nature and severity, presenting with problematic sleep. All children in this group showed maintained improvements in their sleep pattern following the use of clonidine with only mild side-effects reported. © Steinkopff Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Accumulation of metals and minerals from phosphate binders$$$ Metals and minerals that depend on renal clearance may accumulate to toxic levels in patients with marginal kidney function. Toxicities of aluminum-based phosphate binders became apparent ∼25 years ago. Nephrologists now recognize cardiovascular calcification may follow use of calcium-based phosphate binders. Five lessons can be learned: (1) safety must not be assumed in absence of data; (2) all evidence for causal linkage of toxicities from therapeutics must be considered, including animal data; (3) clinical trials are unlikely to reveal the spectrum of problems from long-term drug exposure; (4) complications can remain unrecognized until late in post-introduction surveillance; (5) minerals important for normal function can be toxic with excess accumulation. Introduction of new agents necessitates caution - it is difficult to change practice once a therapeutic is commonplace. Lessons learned about hazards of past phosphate binders must be applied judiciously when evaluating long-term risks/safety of novel metal-based binders such as lanthanum carbonate. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Data from regulatory studies: What do they tell? What don't they tell?$$$ Phase III studies of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are specifically designed to satisfy strict regulatory criteria. As they are conducted in protocol-restricted patient populations over short treatment periods and employ fixed study designs and dosing schedules, they are not fully representative of 'real-life' clinical practice. Therefore, in order to provide an overall assessment of clinical performance, regulatory studies must be backed up by post-marketing clinical experience. Phase IV studies provide information on a drug's performance in a setting more closely representing real clinical practice, with broader patient populations and a more flexible approach to individual treatment. Prospective long-term studies allow the determination of efficacy and safety (and cost-effectiveness) over extended treatment periods; these studies and audit data provide a means of assessing idiosyncratic side effects, unusual interactions and the effects of an AED in rare patient groups. By complementing regulatory evidence with real-life clinical experience, a comprehensive assessment of the risks and benefits of an AED can be made. © 2005 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs$$$ Adverse effects of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are common, can have a considerable impact on quality of life and contribute to treatment failure in up to 40% of patients. The adverse effect profiles of AEDs differ greatly and are often a determining factor in drug selection because of the similar efficacy rates shown by most AEDs. The most common adverse effects are dose dependent and reversible. Cognitive impairment is of particular concern, especially for patients who work or study. Idiosyncratic effects, such as skin rashes, and chronic effects, such as weight gain, can lead to high rates of treatment discontinuation and complicate clinical management. Nearly all conventional AEDs increase the risk of congenital malformations when taken during pregnancy, with valproate posing a potentially greater risk, whereas the potential teratogenicity of new generation AEDs is largely unknown. Most conventional AEDs have a poor record when it comes to drug interactions, largely because of their tendency to interfere with hepatic drug metabolism. Some newer AEDs have no effect on hepatic drug metabolizing enzymes and are renally excreted, resulting in a lower potential for drug interactions. However, further research is needed to confirm the apparent improvement in tolerability offered by some of the newer AEDs. © 2005 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Prospective, randomized, multicenter, double-blind placebo-controlled trial comparing adjuvant interferon alfa and isotretinoin with interferon alfa alone in stage IIA and IIB melanoma: European cooperative adjuvant melanoma treatment study group$$$ Purpose: The combination of interferon alfa (IFNα) and isotretinoin has shown a direct antiproliferative effect on human melanoma cell lines, but it remained unclear whether this combination is more effective than IFNα alone in patients with metastatic melanoma. We evaluated safety and efficacy of IFNα and isotretinoin compared with IFNα alone as adjuvant treatment in patients with primary malignant melanoma stage IIA and IIB. Patients and Methods: In a prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 407 melanoma patients in stage IIA (301 patients) and IIB (106 patients) were randomly assigned to either IFNα and isotretinoin (isotretinoin group; 206 patients) or IFNα and placebo (placebo group; 201 patients) after excision of the primary tumor. IFNα was administered three times a week at a dose of 3 million units subcutaneously for 24 months. Isotretinoin at a dose of 20 mg for patients ≤ 73 kg, 30 mg for patients greater than 73 kg, or placebo daily for 24 months. Results: A scheduled interim analysis revealed no significant differences in survival rates, with the isotretinoin group and the placebo group showing 5-year disease-free survival rates of 55% (95% CI, 46% to 65%) and 67% (95% CI, 59% to 75%), respectively, and overall 5-year survival rates of 76% (95% CI, 67% to 84%) and 81% (95% CI, 74% to 88%), respectively. The trial was stopped for futility. Conclusion: The addition of isotretinoin to an adjuvant treatment of low-dose IFNα in patients with stage IIA and IIB melanoma had no significant effect on disease-free or overall survival and is therefore not recommended. © 2005 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Event-related EEG and evoked potential investigations in clinical practice$$$ Considering the limits of the traditional EEG techniques the authors review the main methods and clinical importance of the event-related EEG investigations. According to methods, these can be classified into the spectral analysis of task-related, pre-task and post-task recordings as well as stimulus-controlled measurements based on evoked potential techniques. The main results of clinical studies on the event-related EEG methods are summarized according to chief disease groups (Alzheimer's disease, epilepsy, schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease, dyslexia, depression). The authors discuss the stimulus-dependent EEG discharges (P300, cognitive potential) in detail. They present the meta-analysis of 224 recent publications on human application of these methods. They analyze the involved scientific areas and the frequency by which these methods were applied in each. Following this, the results of 83 selected clinical studies are summarized. The frequency of the application of the various event-related EEG methods and the tested wave components and other parameters are listed. Finally a summary of the main clinical results is presented again by groups of diseases (schizophrenia, behavioral disorders, traumatic lesions, enuresis nocturna, depression, memory disturbance and dementia, drug effect). Finally, the potential perspectives and the limitations of the event-related EEG methods are briefly discussed. ER  - 
Modern malaria chemoprophylaxis$$$ Currently available medications for malaria chemoprophylaxis are efficacious but the problems of patient compliance, the advance of parasite drug resistance, and real or perceived serious adverse effects mean that new chemical compounds are needed. Primaquine, which has been widely used to treat relapsing malaria since the 1950s, has been shown to prevent malaria when taken daily. Tafenoquine is a new 8-aminoquinoline with a much longer half-life than primaquine. Field trials to date indicate that tafenoquine is efficacious and can be taken weekly or perhaps even less frequently. Both primaquine and tafenoquine require exact knowledge of a person's glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase status in order to prevent drug-induced haemolysis. Other potential malaria chemoprophylactic drugs such as third-generation antifol compounds and Mannich bases have reached advanced preclinical testing. Mefloquine has been seen to cause serious neuropsychiatric adverse effects on rare occasions. Recent public controversy regarding reputedly common serious adverse effects has made many Western travellers unwilling to take mefloquine. Special risk groups exposed to malaria, such as long-term travellers, children, pregnant women, aircrew and those requiring unimpeded psychomotor reactions, migrants returning to visit malarious countries of origin and febrile persons who have returned from malaria endemic areas, all require a nuanced approach to the use of drugs to prevent malaria. The carrying of therapeutic courses of antimalarial drugs to be taken only if febrile illness develops is indicated in very few travellers despite its appeal to some who fear adverse effects more than they fear potentially lethal malaria infection. Travellers with a significant exposure to malaria require a comprehensive plan for prevention that includes anti-mosquito measures but which is still primarily be based on the regular use of efficacious antimalarial medications. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Benefit-risk assessment of levetiracetam in the treatment of partial seizures$$$ Levetiracetam is a novel antiepileptic drug that has been demonstrated as being effective in the management of partial seizures. It is rapidly and completely absorbed after oral administration and it is predominantly eliminated as unchanged drug in the urine. Its metabolism is independent of the cytochrome P450 enzyme system, nor does it induce cytochrome P450 enzymes. As a result of its pharmacokinetic features, levetiracetam has not been demonstrated to interact with other drugs in either direction. In double-blind, placebo-controlled trials, all the levetiracetam dosages tested were effective, including 1000 mg/day, 2000 mg/ day and 3000 mg/day. The ineffective dose is not known. Efficacy seemed to be maintained in long-term studies, with no evidence of tolerance. In major double-blind, placebo-controlled trials discontinuation rates because of adverse events were 6.9-10.9% for levetiracetam-treated patients (all doses) compared with 5.3-8.6% for placebo-treated patients. The most common adverse events that differed between treatment groups and placebo control groups were somnolence, asthenia, dizziness and, in the US study, infection. Since levetiracetam was marketed, behavioural effects have been reported, namely irritability, agitation, anger and aggressive behaviour. These adverse effects are more likely in learning disabled individuals, those with prior psychiatric history and those with symptomatic generalised epilepsy. Overall, the risk has been estimated at 12-15%. Laboratory parameters overall seem to be not significantly affected by levetiracetam, although slight trends to lower white and red blood cell counts were detected in the studies. No organ toxicity has been described so far, with patient exposures exceeding 500 000. In summary, levetiracetam exhibits a very favourable safety profile in patients with partial onset seizures. Whereas somnolence, asthenia and dizziness were the most prominent adverse effects in clinical trials, behavioural adverse effects have generally been the most common reason for drug discontinuation in clinical practice. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Overview of drug therapy for multiple myeloma$$$ Background. Multiple myeloma accounts for 10% of all haematologic malignancies worldwide. In Europe, over 10 000 new cases and nearly 8000 deaths were attributed to multiple myeloma in 2000. Unlike other malignancies, in which surgery and radiation are important treatment modalities, myeloma is exclusively treated with stem cell transplantation and drug therapy, requiring pharmacists to stay abreast of new developments. The melphalan-prednisolone and vincristine-doxorubicin-dexamethasone (VAD) regimens, which have been standard treatments for multiple myeloma over the past few decades, have yielded responses without real survival benefits. Transplantation utilizing high-dose chemotherapy has produced the only meaningful survival benefits for patients with multiple myeloma, but many patients are not candidates for this aggressive treatment option. More effective therapies for multiple myeloma are needed. Objective. To address the mechanisms of action, safety, and efficacy of novel approaches to the treatment of myeloma involving bortezomib, thalidomide and its analogues, lenalidomide and CC-4047 (Actimid™), and arsenic trioxide as single agents or in combination regimens. Data sources. Published preclinical and primary clinical trial results, as well as scientific or clinical meeting abstracts. The author determined the relevance and subsequent inclusion of the data. Conclusions. Bortezomib is approved in the US and Europe as single-agent therapy for the treatment of relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma. Thalidomide, its analogues, and arsenic trioxide have demonstrated activity and are under investigation in this disease. Further clinical trials of the efficacy and toxicity of these novel agents are ongoing and will further define optimal combinations and sequenching with conventional therapies. © 2005 Edward Arnold (Publishers) Ltd. ER  - 
Toxicity and drug interactions associated with herbal products: Ephedra and St. John's Wort$$$ Health care providers are being increasingly confronted with the use of herbal medications by their patients. It is imperative that patients be questioned regarding herbal preparation use and that health care providers become familiar with these agents. Research into the active components and mechanisms of action of various herbals is ongoing [350]. Long-range studies need to be performed to follow patients for efficacy or toxicity in chronic use [351,352]. Adverse reactions to herbal remedies should be reported to the FDA MedWatch at http://www.fda.gov/medwatch. As with any therapeutic agent, risk of use must always be weighed against potential benefits. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Opioids: Other routes for use in recovery room$$$ Opioids remain the main pharmacological tools for pain control in the postoperative patient. Recent concerns about chronic use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs have put extra pressure on health care workers to device and develop new medications and delivery methods to provide patients with appropriate pain relief after surgery. New technologies and better understanding of the pharmacology of the opioids administered by non-traditional ways will be reviewed in this manuscript. Understanding the anatomy of the nose cavity is important to use the inhaled way to deliver fentanyl, sufentanyl or butorphanol in surgical patients. High concentration and small volume are keys to good absorption and effect by nasal administration. Transdermal delivery of fentanyl has been used in chronic pain for some years. A new fentanyl self-administration method is in advanced trials for clinical use. It has a huge potential in giving good pain relief with lower side effects and more patient independence because of its reduced size and lack of tubing attached to it. Day surgery patients could be great candidates for this therapeutic alternative. Finally, oral transmucosal fentanyl is also in the market. Better suited to be used in controlling breakthrough pain in chronic settings, it has been so far marketed in the perioperative period. Side effects are a concern in its use for preoperative sedation in children. Large studies are now required for drugs approval and for new indications at regulatory agencies level. Good clinical judgment is more relevant now than ever before to avoid complications and new withdraw of old good medications inappropriately prescribed from the market place. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Keynote review: In vitro safety pharmacology profiling: An essential tool for successful drug development$$$ Broad-scale in vitro pharmacology profiling of new chemical entities during early phases of drug discovery has recently become an essential tool to predict clinical adverse effects. Modern, relatively inexpensive assay technologies and rapidly expanding knowledge about G-protein coupled receptors, nuclear receptors, ion channels and enzymes have made it possible to implement a large number of assays addressing possible clinical liabilities. Together with other in vitro assays focusing on toxicology and bioavailability, they provide a powerful tool to aid drug development. In this article, we review the development of this tool for drug discovery, its appropriate use and predictive value. ©2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Increase in plasma homocysteine levels induced by drug treatments in neurologic patients$$$ Homocysteine (Hcy) is a thyol amino acid resulting from de-methylation of methionine, an essential amino acid derived from dietary proteins. It is metabolized through two pathways: re-methylation and transsulfuration, which use as cofactors folate, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12. Hyperhomocysteinemia has been identified as a risk factor for cerebrovascular disease, dementia, impaired cognitive function and depression. Several drugs may interfere with metabolic pathways of Hcy, leading to an alteration of plasma Hcy levels. Lipid-lowering agents, used to reduce the risk of cerebral venous thrombosis or occlusive vascular disease in patients with high levels of plasmatic lipids, can increase plasma Hcy levels. Hyperhomocysteinemia has been also documented in Parkinson disease patients treated with levodopa and in epileptic patients after chronic treatment with antiepileptic drugs. In contrast, vitamins supplementations may be warranted in patients treated with lipid-lowering agents, levodopa and antiepileptic drugs in order to maintain normal plasma Hcy values. In contrast, higher doses of vitamins can induce dysfunctions in central and peripheral nervous system; therefore excessive supplements should be avoided. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Palliative care in patients with brain metastases$$$ Purpose of review: With improvements in systemic therapy, central nervous system metastases have increased in incidence in patients with cancer. Patients with brain metastases from solid tumors often have a dismal prognosis, and supportive measures are often critical in improving patient outcome. They include treatments against vasogenic edema, seizures, symptomatic venous thrombosis, and pain, and the management of iatrogenic side effects. This article reviews all the supportive care measures in patients with brain metastases, with the exception of tumor-specific chemotherapy treatments that are also used in this patient population. Recent findings: Recently, improvement has been made in the management of the following complications of brain metastases: epilepsy and antiepileptic drug side effects, thromboembolic complications, fatigue and cognitive disorder of mixed (tumoral and/or iatrogenic) origin, pain, hematological side effects of chemotherapy, and steroids complications. Summary: Patients with brain metastases are particularly prone to develop severe side effects, increased fatigue, and cognitive deteriorations following apparently minor changes in symptomatic treatments. Palliative management of brain metastasis requires a multidisciplinary approach, and it is important to avoid any treatment that is useless or harmful or has a poor toxicity/efficacy ratio. © 2005 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
The role of serotonin in impulsive and aggressive behaviors associated with epilepsy-like neuronal hyperexcitability in the amygdala$$$ Neuronal hyperexcitability in limbic areas, especially the amygdala, is a significant underlying mechanism associated with complex partial seizures (CPS). CPS may be comorbid with emotional disturbances, especially major mood disorders, anxiety, and aggression. Anticonvulsant medications such as phenytoin are also mood-stabilizing, and have been used for treatment of behavioral dyscontrol in impulsive aggressive individuals. Because the amygdala has important functional roles in epilepsy, emotion, and behavioral control, there may be common biological mechanisms involving neuronal excitability that contribute to both seizure activity and psychopathology. This review examines physiological mechanisms in the amygdala that regulate neuronal excitability and discusses how this may underlie, in part, disturbances in emotional behavior. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Update on treatments of psychological nonepileptic seizures$$$ The literature on treatment of psychological nonepileptic seizures (NES) is limited, marked by a number of case reports and anecdotal approaches to this difficult-to-treat population. A recent review of the NES treatment literature revealed 20 reports dealing with NES treatment. The majority of the reports were class IV studies. Since the prior review, a number of pilot trials in NES treatment have been published. In this article, we summarize the etiologic conceptualizations of NES, and link these to mechanism informed treatments. We describe the recent literature on NES treatments and propose future directions for intervention research. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of topiramate in adults with epilepsy and intellectual disability: Impact on seizures, severity, and quality of life$$$ This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled UK trial evaluated the effect of topiramate as add-on therapy on seizure frequency, seizure severity, and quality of life in patients with epilepsy and intellectual disability. There were three phases: 4 weeks baseline, 18 weeks titration to 200-400 mg topiramate/day (adults) or 5-9 mg/kg/day (children), 12 weeks maintenance. Recruitment was low (88/120); analyses were underpowered. Seizure frequency varied enormously (median 17.7, maximum 1706.2). There was no significant difference in reduction in mean total seizure frequency or number of responders between the groups. Topiramate reduced seizure frequency by >30% from baseline (placebo 1%); post hoc analyses showed a trend toward significance (R ratio, P = 0.052). There were no significant differences between the groups with respect to mean seizure severity or other outcome measures. Topiramate was generally well tolerated; body weight (P = 0.015) and systolic blood pressure (P = 0.043) were reduced. The study suggests that topiramate reduces seizure frequency in patients with epilepsy and intellectual disability without the added burden of behavior effects, and was potentially advantageous to physical well-being. © 2005 Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Smoking cessation therapy and the return of aviators to flying duty$$$ Smoking cessation is an important part of every primary care physician's work. The importance of smoking cessation in the reduction of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and the reduction of cancer incidence cannot be overstated. Various treatments have been established to encourage smoking cessation; these include group and individual psychological therapy, nicotine replacement in various forms, and drug therapy. The best-known drug used for smoking cessation is bupropion SR (Zyban). Smoking in aviators is not different than in the general population in terms of prevalence. Thus it is important for flight surgeons worldwide to be familiar with the magnitude of the problem and the available treatment options. Yet, it is also important for this community to become familiar with the relevance of this treatment to aviation and to recognize the limitations pertinent to flying personnel who are attempting to quit smoking. We present treatment options for smoking cessations and their limitations on flying personnel. Copyright © by Aerospace Medical Association. ER  - 
Glutamatergic neurotransmission modulators as emerging new drugs for schizophrenia$$$ Schizophrenia is a neurodevelopmental mental disorder whose aetiology includes genetic and environmental factors. Because of its early onset, chronicity and characteristic interference with education, employment and socialisation, this illness represents a tremendous human and economic burden to those who suffer from it, their families and society as a whole. Conventional and atypical antipsychotics, which mainly affect dopaminergic and serotonergic neurotransmission, are currently the cornerstone of schizophrenia treatment. Although the introduction of atypical antipsychotics represents a major development and, overall, antipsychotics are efficacious against psychotic symptoms, there remains a critical unmet need for innovative medications with improved efficacy and tolerability for the negative symptoms and cognitive deficits associated with schizophrenia. These dysfunction domains are reliable predictors of long-term disability and treatment outcome and are presently viewed as crucial targets for new pharmacological treatments of schizophrenia. Within this medication development framework, the modulation of glutamatergic neurotransmission has become the focus of intense research. Glutamate (GLU)-mediated neuronal processes are critical throughout the brain and glutamatergic neurotransmission dysfunctions have been hypothesised to play a crucial role in schizophrenia pathophysiology. Glutamatergic neurotransmission may be modulated at multiple levels, with GLU receptor families and their subtypes representing a modulatory site-rich environment for drug research. Numerous types of neurotransmission modulators, acting at the NMDA, AMPA and metabotropic GLU receptors, and/or affecting GLU synaptic release, are hypothesised to be beneficial for schizophrenia treatment, and are presently in various stages of development. For some of these compounds, preliminary studies have furnished encouraging clinical data. Ongoing and planned research is expected to provide, in the near future, critical information regarding the practical utility and tolerability of glutamatergic approaches for schizophrenia pharmacotherapy. © 2005 Ashley Publications. ER  - 
Cannabis and endocannabinoid modulators: Therapeutic promises and challenges$$$ The discovery that botanical cannabinoids such as delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol exert some of their effect through binding specific cannabinoid receptor sites has led to the discovery of an endocannabinoid signaling system, which in turn has spurred research into the mechanisms of action and addiction potential of cannabis on the one hand, while opening the possibility of developing novel therapeutic agents on the other. This paper reviews current understanding of CB1, CB2, and other possible cannabinoid receptors, their arachidonic acid derived ligands (e.g. anandamide; 2 arachidonoyl glycerol), and their possible physiological roles. CB1 is heavily represented in the central nervous system, but is found in other tissues as well; CB2 tends to be localized to immune cells. Activation of the endocannabinoid system can result in enhanced or dampened activity in various neural circuits depending on their own state of activation. This suggests that one function of the endocannabinoid system may be to maintain steady state. The therapeutic action of botanical cannabis or of synthetic molecules that are agonists, antagonists, or which may otherwise modify endocannabinoid metabolism and activity indicates they may have promise as neuroprotectants, and may be of value in the treatment of certain types of pain, epilepsy, spasticity, eating disorders, inflammation, and possibly blood pressure control. © 2005 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Association for Research in Nervous and Mental Disease. ER  - 
Bupropion: Risks and benefits$$$ Cigarette smoking represents one of the most preventable causes of death worldwide. However, success rates for stopping smoking are disappointingly low and are associated with high relapse rates. There is a need for a successful form of smoking cessation therapy. Bupropion is an effective therapy for smoking cessation and is recommended as first-line treatment in both US and UK guidelines. Its mechanism of action in smoking cessation is unclear, although it is thought that dopaminergic pathways are involved in the 'reward' circuit of drug dependence. Seizures are an important adverse effect of bupropion and care is needed when used in other conditions or with other medication that can lower the seizure threshold. Bupropion has been shown to be a cost-effective therapy for smoking cessation. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Psychologic treatment of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures are relatively common, often disabling and costly to patients and society. Most authorities consider psychologic treatment as the therapeutic intervention of choice. This review is intended primarily for psychologists and therapists who treat patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures, and for neurologists who make the diagnosis and wish to find out more about psychologic treatment options. The first section describes the nature and etiology of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. General questions regarding the psychologic treatment of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures are addressed, before discussing specific therapeutic approaches. The final part summarizes the authors' views on optimal treatment and the direction of future research. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment options and paradigms in childhood temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Temporal lobe epilepsy in adults is a relatively homogenous syndrome with hippocampal sclerosis being its most common pathologic substrate. In the pediatric age group, low-grade neoplasms and cortical dysplasia are much more common than hippocampal sclerosis. Pediatric temporal lobe epilepsy has distinct semiologic, electrophysiologic and imaging characteristics as compared with its adult counterpart. The various treatment options for pediatric temporal lobe epilepsy include antiepileptic drugs, resective surgery, vagal nerve stimulation and the ketogenic diet. In spite of the multiple antiepileptic drugs currently available, 5-10% of all newly diagnosed cases will remain intractable to medical therapy and should be referred for presurgical evaluation. Resective surgery offers the best chance of seizure freedom in carefully selected patients. Future areas of research include new drug development, better imaging and localization techniques, and brain stimulation. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Therapeutic switching: A new strategic approach to enhance R&D productivity$$$ New chemical entity discovery and development is a long, expensive and risky way of producing new therapeutics. An alternative approach, namely finding new uses for existing drugs, offers substantial advantages in terms of cost, time and risk, and represents a highly attractive strategy to drug discovery. Patents protecting the new use may also be obtained. There are multiple different classes of such R&D programs, depending on whether the original development is still protected by composition of matter patents, and whether the compound was ever fully developed/marketed for its original indication. There are also shortened R&D programs for new uses for stereoisomers and metabolites of existing drugs. Case histories in all areas are presented. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Treatment of depression following traumatic brain injury$$$ Depression is a common consequence of traumatic brain injury (TBI), and is a source of substantial distress and disability for persons with TBI and their families. This article offers a practical approach to the evaluation and treatment of this condition. Diagnostic and etiologic considerations relevant to this issue are reviewed first. Next, somatic therapies for posttraumatic depression, including antidepressant medications and electroconvulsive therapy, are discussed. Use of these therapies is also considered in the context of the common medical and neurological comorbidities among persons with TBI. Finally, psychosocial interventions relevant to the care of persons with posttraumatic depression are presented. © 2005 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
The epileptic encephalopathies of infancy and childhood$$$ The epileptic encephalopathies comprise a group of devastating seizure syndromes which begin in infancy and early childhood and usually result in intractable epilepsy. While some syndromes are relatively easily diagnosed early in their course, others take time to evolve, hampering an early, confident diagnosis. Epileptic encephalopathies are associated with slowing of cognitive function and evolution of severe behavioral disorders, which are often more distressing to families than the epilepsy. While an underlying etiology may explain some of this co-morbidity, many children have no identifiable etiology found for their seizures. In these "idiopathic" cases, recurrent subtle seizures, frequent epileptiform discharge and non-convulsive status epilepticus probably all play a role in deterioration of cognitive function and evolution of behavior disorders. This paper will review the most common epileptic encephalopathy syndromes, discuss the cognitive and behavioral co-morbidities and review current therapeutic options. ER  - 
Tiagabin (Gabitril®) as add-on therapy in the treatment of 161 patients with partial epilepsy over a period of 6 months$$$ In the present investigation, Tiagabine, a novel anti-epileptic agent, was tested as add-on therapy in an open-label, multicenter observational study to ongoing treatment of patients with partial epilepsy. Primary objectives consisted of tolerability, compliance and efficacy. Tiagabine was administered as add-on therapy to an ongoing anticonvulsive therapy in 161 epileptic patients (83-male, 72 female) with partial, complex partial and secondary generalized seizures. At study onset, 39.8% of the patients were treated with monotherapy, 50.3% with combination therapy, 79% of those were treated with 2, 21 % with 3 antiepileptic drugs. Reasons for the add-on therapy consisted of inadequate control of seizures and/or adverse effects of the previous therapy. Carboxamide derivatives, lamotrigine and valproic acid were the most frequently used first-line treatments. The titration phase lasted about 6 weeks, after 6 months the median dose was 30 mg/day. Compliance was good, after 6 months 75% of the patients were still included in the study. At the end of the study there was an 80% reduction in simple partial seizures, 71% reduction in complex partial seizures and an 89% reduction in secondary generalized seizures. Adverse reactions in the first 3 months were seen in 18.6% of patients, within the following 3 months only in 6.2%. Serious adverse-events were not observed. In conclusion Tiagabine is a good choice for add-on therapy of epilepsy. It is well tolerated and reduces the frequency of focal and secondary generalized epileptic seizures. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Psychiatric comorbidity in patients with pseudoseizures: Retrospective study conducted in a video-EEG center$$$ Introduction. Pseudoseizures involve a group of paroxysmal behavioral symptoms mimicking an epileptic seizure, but without modifications of cerebral electrical activity. Patients and method. In this retrospective study focusing on mental disorders, 37 patients with pseudoseizures were recorded during video-EEG procedure. Results. According to DSM-IV criteria, 70 percent of the patients had at least one mental disorder when evaluated. Diagnoses were, in decreasing order of frequency: post-traumatic stress disorders, other anxious disorders, somatoform disorders, dissociative disorders, and mood disorders. Conclusion. The strong association between pseudoseizures and post-traumatic stress disorders is discussed. Our results argue in favor of a systematic evaluation of psychiatric comorbidity. © Masson. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of topiramate in refractory epilepsy of childhood: Long-term follow-up study$$$ This study aimed to evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of topiramate in treating children with drug-resistant epilepsy. A multicentric, retrospective, open-label, add-on study was undertaken of 277 children (mean age 8.4 years; range 12 months to 16 years) affected by drug-resistant epilepsy. The efficacy was rated according to the seizure types and epilepsy syndrome. After a mean period of 27.5 months of treatment (range 24-61 months), 11 patients (4%) were seizure free and 56 (20%) had more than 50% reduction in seizure frequency. The efficacy of topiramate treatment was noted in localization-related epilepsy and in generalized epilepsy. In addition, in a group of 114 patients, we compared the initial efficacy (evaluated after a mean of 9 months of follow-up) and the retention at a mean of 30 months of topiramate with regard to loss of efficacy (defined as the return to the baseline seizure frequency). Fifty-five (48%) of 114 patients were initial responders. The retention at a mean of 30 months was 23 of 114 patients (20%), 4 of whom (3.5%) were still seizure free. A loss of efficacy occurred in 32 of the 55 initial responders (58%). It was prominent in patients with generalized epilepsy, such as symptomatic infantile spasms and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, as well as in those with Dravet syndrome. By contrast, a well-sustained topiramate efficacy was noted among patients with localization-related epilepsy. Globally, adverse events were observed in 161 patients (58%) and were mainly represented by weight loss, hyperthermia, sedation, and nervousness, which, in most cases, disappeared after slowing titration or reducing the dosage of the drug. In conclusion, the present long-term study confirms that topiramate represents a useful drug effective in a wide range of seizures and epilepsy syndromes. Moreover, preliminary data seem to suggest that the efficacy of topiramate, when evaluated in the long-term perspective, is more sustained in localization-related epilepsy than in generalized epilepsy. ER  - 
Clinical applications of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of various neurological diseases$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been used as a potential therapeutic tool in various neurological and psychiatric diseases including depression, Parkinson disease, spinocerebellar degeneration, epilepsy, urinary incontinence, movement disorders, chronic pain, migraine and chronic tinnitus, etc. Several reports showed the therapeutic effects of rTMS as a treatment of depression and Parkinson disease (PD), whereas others found no significant effects. It is by now not yet fully understood whether rTMS has a therapeutic effect on those diseases. The controversy arises from the differences of the stimulation parameters and evaluation methods of the effects in those studies. The Japanese multi-center, double blinded, sham stimulation controlled trial in 85 patients with PD showed an efficacy in both the rTMS-treated and sham stimulated patients. This result does not prove the efficacy of the rTMS in PD; on the other hand, it does not rule out the efficacy. Possible mechanism of favorable effects of rTMS is related to increasing the release of dopamine in the mesolimbic and mesostriatal system. The other Japanese multi-center, double blinded, sham stimulation controlled trial in 99 patients with spinocerebellar degeneration revealed significant therapeutic effects of rTMS in 51 patients with SCA6. We studied the effects of rTMS on seizure susceptibility in rats which prevented the development of status epilepticus of pentylenetetrazol-induced convulsions. This finding suggests the possibility of therapeutic use of rTMS in epilepsy. Further studies should be performed aiming to reveal the optimal stimulation parameters, and are necessary to reveal the therapeutic role of the rTMS in neurological and psychiatric diseases. ER  - 
Metabotropic glutamate receptor as therapeutic targets$$$ The study of metabotropic glutamate (mGluRs) is one of the fastest growing areas of neuropharmacology. The Fifth International Meeting on Metabotropic Glutamate Receptors, held September 18-23, 2005, in Taormina, Sicily, Italy, encompassed more than 80 oral presentations and 70 poster presentations. The role of mGluRs in various physiological and pathological conditions, such as learning and memory, modulation and sensory inputs, control of movements, schizophrenia, anxiety, seizures, addiction to drugs, neurogeneration and developmental regulation of synaptic circuits, was discussed. © Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Preliminary experience with oral dexmedetomidine for procedural and anesthetic premedication$$$ Background: Oral premedication is often required in children to provide anxiolysis and lessen the psychological impact of hospitalization and/or procedures. We present our experience with dexmedetomidine as an oral premedicant prior to procedural sedation or anesthetic induction. Methods: We undertook a retrospective review of the anesthesia or sedation service records of patients who received oral dexmedetomidine. Results: The cohort for the study included 13 patients ranging in age from 4 to 14 years. Oral dexmedetomidine (mean dose: 2.6 ± 0.83 μg·kg-1; range 1.0-4.2 μg·kg-1) was used as premedication prior to anesthesia induction in four patients and prior to intravenous (IV) cannula placement for procedural sedation in nine patients with neurobehavioral problems. Effective sedation was achieved in 11 of 13 patients. The one patient in whom anxiolysis was not achieved received the lowest dose of dexmedetomidine (1 μg·kg-1) prior to anesthesia induction. In the other three patients, parental separation and acceptance of the mask was achieved at 20-30 min with a dose of 2.5 μg·kg-1. When used for procedural sedation, placement of an IV cannula was accomplished without difficulty in seven of eight patients with neurobehavioral disorders and with only mild resistance in the other. No complications were noted and parental satisfaction with the sedation experience was high. Conclusions: These preliminary data suggest that dexmedetomidine may be an effective oral premedicant prior to anesthesia induction or procedural sedation. We found that it was effective even in patients with neurobehavioral disorders in whom previous attempts at sedation had failed. © 2005 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in the treatment of idiopathic generalized epilepsies$$$ Since its introduction into clinical practice in 1999, levetiracetam, the S enantiomer of piracetam, has rapidly found a secure place, initially in the therapy of partial onset seizures and subsequently in the treatment of idiopathic generalized epilepsies (IGE). It has many of the properties of an "ideal" antiepileptic drug, including rapid absorption, linear pharmokinetics, and sparse drug interactions. Tolerabiliy is generally excellent in both adults and children, although tiredness is a common dose-limiting adverse effect. Occasionally the drug can precipitate behavioral abnormalities, especially in patients with learning disability. There is a wide safety margin in overdose. In common with most antiepileptic drugs its mode of action remains uncertain. Levetiracetam binds to a specific site in the brain, influences intracellular calcium currents and reverses negative allosteric modulators of GABA- and glycine-gated currents in vitro. Its effectiveness has been demonstrated in animal models of epilepsy and in clinical trials of partial onset and IGE. Treatment of IGEs may be straightforward, with many patients demonstrating an excellent and robust response to valproate monotherapy. However, there remains a significant minority of patients for whom valproate is unsuitable, including those who experience unacceptable adverse effects (e.g., weight gain or hair loss) and women of childbearing age in whom the teratogenic potential of valproate is unacceptable. Therapeutic response to lamotrigine in this group is often disappointing, and many clinicians now are turning to the choice of levetiracetam. Efficacy in generalized tonic-clonic seizures and myoclonus is usually apparent and some patients experience improvement in typical absences. Experience of combinations of levetiracetam with other antiepileptic drugs is limited in IGE and the responses are largely anecdotal. In our hands, patients with refractory IGEs may respond to combinations of levetiracetam with valproate, lamotrigine, and phenobarbital, and adverse effects when they occur are usually limited to tiredness. Levetiracetam does not interact with the oral contraceptive pill, simplifying treatment in women of childbearing age. Although animal data look encouraging, questions over levetiracetam's teratogenic potential and overall safety in pregnancy will remain for many years to come. © 2005 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Management options for bipolar disorder in children and adolescents$$$ During recent years there has been a dramatic increase in the use of psychotropic medication for the treatment of bipolar disorder (BPD) in children. There is an emerging set of data to support this use. Mood stabilizers, including lithium and valproic acid (valproate sodium), have generally formed the mainstay of treatment in children and adolescents with BPD. However, the atypical antipsychotics, such as risperidone, aripiprazole, and quetiapine may be more effective as first-line treatment options and in some ways easier to use than the traditional mood stabilizers. As in adults, mood stabilization is often difficult to achieve in pediatric patients with BPD, and combined treatment with mood stabilizers and atypical antipscyhotics is commonly used. Data from controlled trials of psychotropic medications in children and adolescents with BPD are very limited, and hence, in the majority of cases physicians base their treatment decisions on data from case reports, case series, or open trials. More controlled studies of both monotherapy and polypharmacotherapy for BPD in children and adolescents are needed. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Acute medical problems due to Ecstasy use$$$ Study aim: To describe the clinical characteristics of Ecstasy (3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, MDMA) toxicity. Methods: Retrospective case-study of 52 self-reported Ecstasy intoxications presenting to our Emergency Department (ED) between January 2001 and December 2003. Results: Most patients ingested Ecstasy together with other substances, including alcohol (51.9%) or other illicit drugs (71.1%). Medical problems leading to ED presentation were collapse or loss of consciousness (36.5%), palpitations (19.2%), dizziness or weakness (15.4%), and anxiety (13.5%). When other drugs were used in combination with Ecstasy the clinical presentation significantly changed. Panic reactions were observed in 4 of 13 patients with cocaine co-use (30.7%), compared to 3 of 39 patients without cocaine use (7.7%). Deep coma was found in 11 of 16 patients with co-use of gamma-hydroxybutyrate (GHB) or opiates (68.8%) but in none of the 36 patients who took Ecstasy without these drugs. Most patients were monitored in the ED. Six patients (11.5%) were transferred to an intensive care unit. Medical complications were severe in five patients and included cardiac arrest, hyperthermia, rhabdomyolysis, disseminated intravascular coagulation, renal insufficiency and liver failure, seizures, and one fatal outcome. Conclusions: The clinical picture of Ecstasy related problems is complicated by multiple drug ingestion. Co-use of cocaine induces panic reactions. Co-use of GHB or opiates results in depressed levels of consciousness. ER  - 
The medical management of depression$$$ Major depression and bipolar disorder are generally recurrent episodic disorders. Antidepressant and adjunctive medications can successfully treat depression and prevent future episodes. Future challenges include the identification of antidepressants that act more quickly than those currently available, which take six to eight weeks to achieve remission or substantial improvement, and that do not require continuation and maintenance treatment. A biologic classification system of subtypes of major depression is needed to facilitate the selection of the best antidepressant for each patient. Copyright © 2005 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Results of intervention for lupus patients with self-perceived cognitive difficulties$$$ The authors developed an 8-week psychoeducational group intervention for patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) who reported cognitive dysfunction but were not globally impaired on neuropsychological testing. Results of a nonrandomized, uncontrolled pilot study of this program in 17 women with SLE suggest that metamemory and memory self-efficacy improve after participation. One hundred percent retention throughout the study further suggests that patients with SLE are willing and capable of successfully completing the program. Copyright © 2005 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Efficacy of bupropion and nortriptyline for smoking cessation among people at risk for or with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease$$$ Background: The observations that smokers with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are at increased risk of depression and that nicotine may have antidepressant effects and regulate mood provide a rationale for the use of antidepressant drugs for smoking cessation in patients with COPD. No clinical trial has studied the efficacy of bupropion hydrochloride and nortriptyline hydrochloride for smoking cessation in this patient population, to our knowledge. Methods: In a placebo-controlled double-dummy randomized trial, 255 adults at risk for COPD or with COPD were prescribed sustained-release bupropion (bupropion SR) (150 mg twice daily) or nortriptyline (75 mg once daily) for 12 weeks. All patients received smoking cessation counseling. The main outcome measure was prolonged abstinence from smoking from week 4 to week 26 after the target quit date. Results: The use of bupropion SR and nortriptyline resulted in higher prolonged abstinence rates compared with placebo, although only the difference between bupropion SR and placebo was statistically significant (differences with placebo, 13.1% [95% confidence interval, 1.2%-25.1%] for bupropion SR and 10.2% [95% confidence interval, -1.7% to 22.2%] for nortriptyline). In patients with COPD, bupropion SR and nortriptyline seem efficacious in achieving prolonged abstinence (differences with placebo, 18.9% [95% confidence interval, 3.6%-34.2%] for bupropion SR and 12.9% [95% confidence interval, -0.8% to 26.4%] for nortriptyline). In participants at risk for COPD, no statistically significant differences with placebo in prolonged abstinence rates were found. Conclusions: Bupropion SR treatment is an efficacious aid to smoking cessation in patients with COPD. Nortriptyline treatment seems to be a useful alternative. ©2005 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Use of antipsychotics in children and adolescents$$$ The comparable efficacy and improved safety of the atypical antipsychotics compared with the traditional antipsychotic agents in the treatment of schizophrenia and other disorders in adults have prompted the use of these agents in children and adolescents. The atypical antipsychotics are increasingly being used in children and adolescents with a variety of different psychiatric diagnoses, including schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, autism/pervasive developmental disorders, conduct disorder, depression, anxiety disorders, tic disorders, delirium, and eating disorders. Unfortunately, clinical use of these agents in pediatric patients has far exceeded the limited evidence from randomized controlled trials. This article reviews the available evidence from the published literature on the use of the atypical antipsychotics in children and adolescents with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and maladaptive aggression associated with autism/pervasive developmental disorders and conduct disorder/disruptive behavior disorders. ER  - 
Guide to anaesthetic selection for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is used in the treatment of severe psychiatric disorders. It involves the induction of a seizure for therapeutic purposes by the administration of a variable-frequency electrical stimulus via electrodes applied to the scalp. The original application of ECT in non-anaesthetised patients resulted in many traumatic effects and was replaced, in the early 1960s, with a modified ECT regimen that used anaesthesia with neuromuscular blockade. This remains the worldwide standard today. The development of modern ECT devices, with improved impulse modes, has also reduced the incidence of post-interventional cognitive adverse effects. The variety of centrally-acting comedications administered and the cardiovascular effects occurring during the procedure make patients receiving ECT a challenge for the anaesthetist. The efficacy of ECT depends on the production of adequate seizures; however, the anaesthetic agents commonly used during ECT suppress the generation of convulsions. Therefore, the efficacy of ECT requires knowledge of anaesthetic precepts, understanding of the interaction between anaesthetic drugs and seizure activity, and awareness of the physiological effects of ECT as well as the treatment of those effects. Successful and safe ECT depends on the correct choice of anaesthetic drugs for the individual patient, which have to be chosen with respect to the individual concomitant medication and pre-existing diseases. This review provides information for the optimal selection, set-up and practice of anaesthetic drug treatment in ECT. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A systematic review of patient-reported outcome instruments measuring sleep dysfunction in adults$$$ Sleep dysfunction can manifest in several ways, ranging from insomnia to somnolence, and from disrupted sleep to lack of restful sleep. Measuring sleep dysfunction is an area of active research and there exist a number of patient-reported outcome instruments that measure various aspects of sleep dysfunction. However, these instruments have not been evaluated systematically. We used a conceptual model of sleep that included four physical domains of general interest to patients and investigators, and cover the breadth of this disorder: sleep initiation; sleep maintenance; sleep adequacy; and somnolence. We next considered the additional health-related quality-of-life (HR-QOL) domains of psychological and social functioning, progressing along the continuum to include health perceptions and opportunity. We then conducted a literature review to identify instruments and, using criteria developed by the Medical Outcomes Trust Scientific Advisory Committee, evaluated these instruments for their potential use in measuring sleep dysfunction. Twenty-two instruments were identified. Six instruments were found to include the four physical domains defined a priori (Basic Nordic Sleep Questionnaire, Leeds Sleep Evaluation Questionnaire, Medical Outcomes Study - Sleep Problems Measures, Pittsburgh Sleep Diary, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, Self-Rated Sleep Questionnaire and the Sleep Dissatisfaction Questionnaire). Several additional instruments addressed at least some of the domains and thus may be useful for specific purposes. A few instruments addressed overall HR-QOL, but did not include all four domains of interest (Functional Outcomes of Sleep Questionnaire, Quality of Life in Insomniacs and the Sleep-Wake Activity Inventory). Two instruments had undergone extensive psychometric evaluation (Medical Outcomes Study - Sleep Problems Measures and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index), with only the latter reporting information about interpretability. Our review indicates that measuring sleep dysfunction in adults is an area of active research and that much work still needs to be completed, specifically the study of interpretability and the application of patient preferences or item response theory. The specific research focus should dictate instrument selection. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Extended-release carbamazepine capsules: In bipolar I disorder$$$ An extended-release capsule formulation of carbamazepine is approved for use in adult patients experiencing an acute manic or mixed episode associated with bipolar I disorder. A capsule of extended-release carbamazepine contains three types of bead: immediate release, extended release and enteric release, constituting 25%, 40% and 35% of the dose, respectively. Extended-release carbamazepine capsules 200-1600 mg/day demonstrated superior antimanic efficacy to placebo in two 3-week, well designed trials in adult patients with bipolar I disorder and acute manic or mixed episodes. At study end, reductions from baseline in Young Mania Rating Scale scores were significantly greater with carbamazepine than with placebo (primary endpoint). The active treatment was effective from the end of the first week of treatment (post hoc analysis). In the 3-week trials and a 6-month extension study, most treatment-emergent adverse events observed with extended-release carbamazepine were of mild or moderate severity. In the 3-week trials, although significantly greater reductions in white blood cell count occurred with extended-release carbamazepine than with placebo, only one case of leukopenia was deemed serious. There were no reports of agranulocytosis or aplastic anaemia with up to 6 months' treatment. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Review of benzodiazepine use in children and adolescents$$$ Clinically, benzodiazepines are used in adult populations much more frequently than in children and adolescents. There may be a number of reasons for this disparity including a dearth of well controlled clinical studies and the issue of dependence associated with long term use. However, over a ten year span there has been nearly a three fold increase in the use patterns for these agents in the child population. In open studies much of the literature has indicated potentially useful results, but these findings have not been replicated when more refined methodological studies have been conducted. The lack of encouraging results in these later studies may be attributable to a number of factors such as modest sample sizes and less than optimal patient selection. Nonetheless, with increasing prescriptions being written for these agents it is not clear what is compelling clinicians to use them. In this paper we will review the available literature on benzodiazepine use in the child and adolescent population, focusing primarily on psychiatric applications. © 2005 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. ER  - 
Psychopharmacologic therapies in dermatology: An update$$$ The majority of mental illnesses, including psychodermatologic conditions, generally are considered chronic. Psychiatric referral and consultation should be attempted whenever feasible. Yet, for a significant proportion of patients who refuse psychiatric referral, the judicious use of psychotropic medications by dermatologists may provide much-needed assistance in the recovery of these patients from psychodermatologic disorders when no other avenue of assistance exists. Though detailed explanations regarding the use of selected old and new psychopharmacologic agents were discussed in this article, the reader is advised to consult standard textbooks on psychopharmacology and the Physician's Desk Reference for a more complete description regarding the indications for the use of these medications. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Non-nicotine pharmacotherapies for smoking cessation$$$ International chronic obstructive pulmonary disease guidelines recommend that smokers be strongly advised to quit, and should be offered help in doing so. The most effective smoking-cessation interventions combine behavioural support with pharmacotherapies. For smokers who do not wish to use nicotine replacement treatments, bupropion is a safe and effective non-nicotine alternative first-line treatment. Nortriptyline and clonidine have demonstrated efficacy in aiding smoking cessation, but are regarded as second-line therapies. A number of other non-nicotine treatments show promise, but more data are required before these can be recommended in assisting smokers to stop. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Management of neuropsychiatric lupus$$$ Nervous system disease in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is manifested by a wide variety of clinical manifestations. Despite the development of a universal classification for neuropsychiatric (NP) lupus in 1999, there continues to be considerable variability in the reported prevalence of NP syndromes between different lupus cohorts. Due to the lack of specificity of individual NP manifestations, non-SLE causes such as complications of therapy and co-morbidities must be considered in advance of attributing the event to one or more primary immunopathogenic mechanisms. These include intracranial microangiopathy, autoantibodies to neuronal and non-neuronal antigens, and the generation of proinflammatory cytokines and mediators. The diagnosis of NP-SLE remains largely one of exclusion and is approached in individual patients by thorough clinical evaluation, supported when necessary by autoantibody profiles, diagnostic imaging, electrophysiologic studies and objective assessment of cognitive performance. Given the diversity in clinical manifestations, the management is tailored to the specific needs of individual patients. In the absence of controlled studies, the use of symptomatic therapies, immunosuppressives, anticoagulants and non-pharmacologic interventions is supported by case series and clinical experience. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychopharmacologic treatment of pediatric anxiety disorders$$$ The pharmacologic treatment of pediatric anxiety disorders has historic roots, which coupled with recent advances over the last decade, has expanded evidence-based practice; however, much work still remains to be done. This article provides a practical overview of the current literature with an emphasis on the results of controlled and open trials, side effects, short- and long-term treatment strategies, and treatment-resistant illness. SSRIs seem to be the treatment of choice for most pervasive and impairing anxiety disorders in youth. Despite extensive experience with the TCAs, side effects and less overall efficacy data relegate the TCAs to second-line treatment. Although benzodiazepines have been evaluated extensively in adults, they are less commonly used in children because of better alternatives and the risk for dependency in this vulnerable population. As research on the treatment of pediatric anxiety disorders continues, our understanding of who responds best to what treatment, how to combine medication with psychosocial treatments, how long to treat to reduce the risk for relapse off medication, and the long-term safety of current medications will improve the outcome for children who suffer from these disorders. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Aging and clinical pharmacology: Implications for antidepressants$$$ The elderly frequently have changes in pharmacokinetics, sensitivity to medications, homeostatic reserve (ability to tolerate physiological challenges), exposure to multiple medications, and adherence. All of these age-associated factors can potentially influence total exposure to medication, adverse effects, and subsequent treatment outcome. Most clinical trials are performed with healthy, younger adults. Extrapolating the results of these trials to the elderly maybe inappropriate, particularly for the antidepressant treatment of depression. The authors review these age-associated differences and discuss their implications for antidepressant use in older adults. ©2005 the American College of Clinical Pharmacology. ER  - 
Agitation after traumatic brain injury: Considerations and treatment options$$$ Posttraumatic agitation is a challenging problem for acute and rehabilitation staff, persons with traumatic brain injury, and their families. Specific variables for evaluation and care remain elusive. Clinical trials have not yielded a strong foundation for evidence-based practice in this arena. This review seeks to evaluate the present literature (with a focus on the decade 1995-2005) and employ previous clinical experience to deliver a review of the topic. We will discuss definitions, pathophysiology, evaluation techniques, and treatment regimens. A recommended approach to the evaluation and treatment of the person with posttraumatic agitation will be presented. The authors hope that this review will spur discussion and assist in facilitating clinical care paradigms and research programs. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of catamenial epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy affects 50 million people worldwide. Women may be afflicted with catamenial epilepsy, a form of epilepsy related to the menstrual cycle. In catamenial epilepsy, seizures are clustered around the monthly cycle. Despite the availability of several standard and newer antiepileptic drugs, there is no specific and effective therapy for catamenial epilepsy. Moreover, the exact pathophysiology of catamenial seizures remains unclear. It is well known that progesterone possess anticonvulsive properties. The level of this hormone drops near the end of the cycle, leaving women more vulnerable to catamenial epilepsy. Recent studies have shown how progesterone protects women against seizures. Progesterone plays two roles in the brain. First, it binds to progesterone receptors in the brain, which help regulate the reproductive functions. Second, progesterone gets metabolized to allopregnanol-one in the brain called a neurosteroid. We found that allopregnanolone plays a crucial role in seizure protection. The withdrawal from this neurosteroid, which occurs during the menstrual cycle, could provoke seizures. Consequently, we suggest that neurosteroid replacement could be a novel therapeutic approach for catamenial epilepsy. ER  - 
Current status of daily repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a new brain intervention that modulates neuronal activity in discrete cortical regions and associated neural circuits by the noninvasive induction of intracerebral currents. Single pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a unique method for mapping brain-behavior relations and functional connectivity, and probing cortical excitability. Repeated pulses are used in rTMS as a potential therapy. rTMS modulates activity in discrete cortical areas that, in turn, impact on specific pathways or brain networks. This spatial specificity may provide advantages by producing clinical improvement with reduced or minimal side effects. Standard pharmacologic interventions are limited by the inability to restrict their action to discrete brain regions. In addition to the spatial specificity, rTMS differs from pharmacologic interventions in the temporal domain. Medications act continuously in altering the physiology of brain and other organs, especially when steady-state levels are reached. In contrast, rTMS is delivered in a punctate fashion, akin to electroconvulsive therapy. The remark-able brevity of the TMS pulse (-200 μs) results in a total exposure to a time-varying magnetic field of only a few seconds over an entire rTMS treatment course, despite weeks of daily treatment sessions. This article focuses on the therapeutic potential of TMS for the acute treatment of depression, a domain that has been the subject of a large number of single site, small sample studies. Virtually all reviewers of this preliminary work have concluded that rTMS has antidepressant properties, with all meta-analyses indicating that there is a large effect size for symptom change when compared to sham treatment. Across the literature using active TMS, the median level of symptom change on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression has been on the order of 30%; approximately 10% of those receiving sham rTMS responded. Recent effectiveness data suggest that rTMS in clinical settings has similar effects as in the published controlled trails. Drastically improving on prior studies, an industry-sponsored multisite TMS trial designed for Food and Drug Administration submission is near completion, and a rigorous four-site National Institute of Mental Health-sponsored treatment trial is underway. ER  - 
Symptomatic management and imaging of brain metastases$$$ Brain metastasis is the most common malignancy of the nervous system. Survival is short and the majority of patients die within 5 months after diagnosis. In this review, clinical and pathophysiological aspects of brain metastases are described, including novel radiological methods as triple-dose gadolinium-enhanced MRI. Recursive partitioning analysis is a powerful tool to analyse prognosis, and recent studies contribute to subgroup division. Subsequently, treatment choices can be made, based on prognostic characteristics of the individual patient. Commonly, symptomatic therapy starts with the administration of corticosteroids, often resulting in improvement of neurological deficit. Anticonvulsants are administered in patients with symptomatic epilepsy. The risk on vascular complications in patients with brain metastases is increased and needs special attention. Treatment of psychiatric complications e.g. delirium or depression may also improve quality of life. © Springer 2005. ER  - 
Leukemic and lymphomatous meningitis: Incidence, Prognosis and treatment$$$ Neoplastic meningitis (NM) is a common problem in neuro-oncology occurring in approximately 5% of all patients with cancer. Notwithstanding frequent focal signs and symptoms in NM, NM is a disease affecting the entire neuraxis and therefore staging and treatment need encompass all cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) compartments. Central nervous system (CNS) staging of NM includes contrast enhanced cranial computerized tomography (CE-CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MR-Gd), contrast enhanced spine magnetic resonance imaging (MR-S) or computerized tomographic myelography (CT-M) and radionuclide CSF flow study (FS). Treatment of NM involves involved-field radiotherapy of bulky or symptomatic disease sites and intra-CSF drug therapy. The inclusion of concomitant systemic therapy may benefit patients with NM and may obviate the need for intra-CSF chemotherapy. At present, intra-CSF drug therapy is confined to three chemotherapeutic agents (i.e. methotrexate, cytosine arabinoside and thio-TEPA) administered by a variety of schedules either by intralumbar or intraventricular drug delivery. Although treatment of NM is palliative with an expected median patient survival of 4 to 6 months, it often affords stabilization and protection from further neurologic deterioration in patients with NM. In patients with leukemia or lymphoma, prophylaxis of the CNS is used (utilizing a combination of high-dose systemic chemotherapy and intra-CSF chemotherapy) for patients at high risk as defined by specific tumor-related laboratory markers. Using such a risk-stratified approach, the late occurrence of CNS relapse has decreased dramatically attesting to the value of CNS prophylaxis. © Springer 2005. ER  - 
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression in neurologic disorders$$$ Depression is commonly as sociated with neurologic disorders. Although depression in neurologic conditions often is associated with a negative impact on quality of life, it frequently is poorly managed. Some factors, such as a multidrug regimen, lack of efficacy, and side effects of antidepressants may explain why depression is not adequately treated in patients with neurologic disorders. Therefore, this population needs new approaches for depression treatment, and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may be one of them because it has been shown to be effective for the treatment of depression alone and depression in certain neurologic diseases such as Parkinson's disease and stroke. rTMS is a noninvasive, focal, and painless treatment associated with few, mild side effects. It may be effective in the treatment of neurologic diseases such as Parkinson's disease, stroke, and epilepsy. In this paper, we discuss the potential risks and benefits of rTMS treatment for depression in Parkinson's disease, epilepsy, stroke, multiple sclerosis, and Alzheimer's disease. Lastly, a framework that includes the parameters of stimulation (intensity, frequency, number of pulses, and site of stimulation) for the treatment of depression in neurologic diseases is proposed. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Update on depression in neurologic illness: Stroke, epilepsy, and multiple sclerosis$$$ The risk of depression is increased in chronic neurologic illness and can adversely affect the course of disease. Recent literature is reviewed for depression in stroke, epilepsy, and multiple sclerosis. Depression can share pathophysiologic aspects of the comorbid illness, such as neurotransmitter pathway disturbances, hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal pathway disturbances, and changes in immunologic function. Depression also can be a psychologic reaction to the burden of the neurologic condition. Risk factors for development of depression are reviewed. Depression and other medical conditions can have shared symptoms (eg, fatigue, psychomotor retardation) that can complicate the diagnosis of depression in neurologic illness. Proper selection of antidepressant treatment is necessary to avoid worsening the neurologic disorder. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Treatment options for cyclic vomiting syndrome$$$ Since its initial description nearly two centuries ago, treatment of idiopathic cyclic vomiting syndrome (CVS) remains largely empiric because of its obscure pathogenesis and the paucity of controlled therapeutic trials. Despite these challenges, this report reviews open-label trials, retrospective case series, and upcoming consensus guidelines to update the treatment. The treatment approach to a patient with CVS should include consideration of lifestyle changes including avoidance of potential triggers, prophylactic drug therapy to prevent subsequent episodes, abortive and/or supportive care treatment during acute episodes, and support of the family. The mainstays of drug therapy include antimigraine, anti-emetic, and anticonvulsive medications used for prophylactic, abortive, and supportive therapy, with reported efficacies of between 40% and 90%. Prophylactic antimigraine and anticonvulsive agents are used to prevent episodes. Antimigraine triptans are used to abort episodes. ntiemetic agents can reduce the severity of episodes and are best used in conjunction with sedatives. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Relationship between clinical factors and neuropsychiatric manifestations in systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Neuropsychiatric symptoms are often seen in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). To investigate the relationship between involvement of the nervous system and clinical factors, including autoantibodies and the activity of SLE, we retrospectively reviewed 25 patients with neuropsychiatric SLE (NPSLE, mean age: 35.2±12.2 years). As controls 37 SLE patients without neuropsychiatric manifestations (mean age: 31.8±15.8 years) were employed in this study. At the onset no significant differences were seen in any clinical factors between the patients and the controls except for serum antinuclear antibodies. In relapse, the patients with NPSLE showed significantly lower levels of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI) scores without neuropsychiatric evaluation (p<0.0001), erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR, p<0.005), and antinuclear and anti-double-stranded DNA antibodies (p<0.005) and higher WBC values (p<0.05) than at the onset. Also in the patients with relapsing NPSLE similar significant differences were seen in these parameters between onset and relapse (p<0.005). Despite a lack of significant differences, the cerebrospinal fluid showed lower values in cell counts, total protein, and IgG in relapse than at onset. These results suggest that there are no clinical factors that predict the development of NPSLE and that relapse can occur with low disease activity in the nervous system even with an inactive state of other organ involvement. Since NPSLE may suddenly relapse with a slight change in common disease activation markers, including inflammatory reactions, autoantibodies, and complements in serum and CSF findings, adequate corticosteroid and/ or immunosuppressive agents should be given at the onset and gradually be tapered after recovery, while looking out for recurrence. © Clinical Rheumatology 2005. ER  - 
Neurologic comorbidities in Schizophrenia$$$ Brain abnormalities have long been assumed to be involved in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia. Magnetic resonance imaging studies have identified numerous structural and functional imaging abnormalities, such as reduced brain volume, frontal lobe volume, and hippocampal volume, in patients with schizophrenia. Neurologic disorders, such as movement disorders, neurologic abnormalities, and cognitive deficits, are often seen years before the onset of schizophrenia. Many of these abnormalities may be predictive of the development of schizophrenia, but unfortunately, they are usually overlooked. In addition, treatment with antipsychotics may affect brain structure, further complicating the ability to detect changes due to the neuropathology of psychosis. This article reviews the structural and functional imaging abnormalities found in patients with schizophrenia and the neurologic disorders that commonly coexist with the disorder. The role that treatment with atypical antipsychotics may or may not have in contributing to neurologic abnormalities is also discussed. Through increased awareness of these abnormalities, the importance of obtaining a complete neurologic history and examination of patients with schizophrenia at the onset of their illness and before initiating pharmacotherapy will become evident. Such recognition may permit earlier identification and treatment of schizophrenia, thus potentially improving long-term outcome. ER  - 
Safety of newer parenteral antibiotics$$$ Several parenteral antimicrobials have been introduced into clinical practice over the course of the last decade. Some of these agents (e.g., linezolid, daptomycin, and tigecycline) are prototypes of new classes of compounds. In comparative clinical trials, these newer anti-infectives have been shown to be safe and to have low rates of discontinuation by patients. However, long-term use has revealed unique toxicities associated with the use of some of these drugs. The adverse events and potential drug interactions associated with the use of these antibiotics are variable and require familiarity with the safety profile of each drug. It is especially important that clinicians be able to recognize serious adverse events associated with the use of specific drugs, because most of the adverse events can be readily reversed by cessation of therapy. © 2005 by the Infectious Diseases Society of America. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treating mood disorders during pregnancy: Safety considerations$$$ Mood disorders in pregnancy may have a negative effect on self care and pregnancy outcome that affects the mother directly and the child indirectly. Thus, some women may require pharmacological treatment. Pharmacotherapy of mood disorders during pregnancy implies specific considerations. This paper presents an updated review of available studies on the treatment of mood disorders and present knowledge on teratogenicity, neonatal effects and long-term neurobehavioural effects for the different psychotropic drugs, including treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), other antidepressants, benzodiazepines, lithium, carbamazepine/valproic acid, lamotrigine and novel antipsychotics. However, the existing knowledge on the use of antidepressants and mood stabilising agents during pregnancy is hampered by a lack of results from randomised controlled trials. SSRIs and TCAs have not been associated with an increased risk of major malformations, but poor neonatal adaptation has been described. Benzodiazepines used in the first trimester have been associated with orofacial clefts. Mood stabilisers such as lithium, carbamazepine and valproic acid (sodium valproate) are associated with an increased risk of fetal malformations. Both benzodiazepines and lithium may cause adaptation problems in the newborn. In utero exposure to novel antipsychotics has not been associated with congenital malformations; however, the data are still limited. The knowledge about long-term neurobehavioural effects in the offspring is still limited for all agents and requires further investigation. Possible adverse effects of fetal exposure must be balanced against the adverse effects of an untreated maternal mood disorder. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychotropic Effects of Antiepileptic Drugs$$$ Antiepileptic drugs are important psychotropic agents that are commonly used to treat psychiatric disorders. The behavioral effects of antiepileptic drugs may differ between epilepsy and psychiatric patient populations. Randomized, double-blind, controlled data on the psychotropic efficacy of antiepileptic drugs are limited mainly to bipolar disorder. ER  - 
Inhalational anaesthetics in the ICU: Theory and practice of inhalational sedation in the ICU, economics, risk-benefit$$$ ICU sedation poses many problems. The action and side-effects of intravenous drugs in the severely ill patient population of an ICU are difficult to control. The incidence of post-traumatic stress disorder after long-term sedation is high. The recent focus on propofol infusion syndrome entails restrictions in the use of this drug. On the other hand, volatile anaesthetics very selectively suppress consciousness but leave many autonomic functions intact. In the absence of perception and disturbed information processing the number of adverse experiences should be lower, leading to a better psychological outcome. Respiration and intestinal motility are not depressed, facilitating modern therapeutic concepts such as early enteral feeding and augmentation of spontaneous breathing. Awakening after inhalational ICU sedation is quick and predictable, extubation can be planned and organized, and the time during which the patient needs very close observation will be short. Technological advances have greatly simplified the application of inhalational anaesthetics. New anaesthesia ventilators offer ventilatory modes and high flow generation comparable to ICU ventilators. However, they are not yet licensed for stand-alone use. The introduction of a volatile anaesthetic reflection filter for the first time enables the concept of inhalational sedation to be performed with very little effort by many ICUs. This 'anaesthetic conserving device' (AnaConDa®) is connected between the patient and a normal ICU ventilator, and it retains 90% of the volatile anaesthetic inside the patient just like a heat and moisture exchanger. In this chapter possible advantages of the new concept and the choice of the inhalational agent are discussed. The technical prerequisites are explained, and the practice and pitfalls of inhalational ICU sedation in general and when using the AnaConDa are described in detail. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Medical therapy of glaucoma$$$ Prescribing medical treatment for glaucoma requires a complex decision-making process that involves the patient, the severity of the disease, the therapeutic options available, and their potential side effects. Lowering intraocular pressure, a known risk factor for progression, has been the mainstay of glaucoma treatment. Most patients who are first diagnosed with glaucoma in the United States are started on topical medications. As our understanding of the disease changes and newer treatments become available, glaucoma therapies may need to be reassessed and changed if necessary. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cannabinoids and the immune system: Potential for the treatment of inflammatory diseases?$$$ Since the discovery of the cannabinoid receptors and their endogenous ligands, significant advances have been made in studying the physiological function of the endocannabinoid system. The presence of cannabinoid receptors on cells of the immune system and anecdotal and historical evidence suggesting that cannabis use has potent immuno-modulatory effects, has led to research directed at understanding the function and role of these receptors within the context of immunological cellular function. Studies from chronic cannabis smokers have provided much of the evidence for immunomodulatory effects of cannabis in humans, and animal and in vitro studies of immune cells such as T cells and macrophages have also provided important evidence. Cannabinoids can modulate both the function and secretion of cytokines from immune cells. Therefore, cannabinoids may be considered for treatment of inflammatory disease. This review article will highlight recent research on cannabinoids and how they interact with the immune system and also their potential use as therapeutic agents for a number of inflammatory disorders. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neurocutaneous syndromes: Behavioral features$$$ Neurocutaneous syndromes are disorders charactertized by a neurological abnormality and cutaneous manifestations. Three of the more common neurocutaneous syndromes are Sturge-Weber syndrome, tuberous sclerosis, and neurofibromatosis. This review focuses on the cognitive and behavioral features of these syndromes. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Anxiety in patients with epilepsy: Systematic review and suggestions for clinical management$$$ Up to 50 or 60% of patients with chronic epilepsy have various mood disorders including depression and anxiety. Whereas the relationship between epilepsy and depression has received much attention, less is known about anxiety disorders. It is now recognized that anxiety can have a profound influence on the quality of life of patients with epilepsy. The relationship between anxiety disorders and epilepsy is complex. It is necessary to distinguish between different manifestations of anxiety disorder: ictal, postictal, and interictal anxiety. Preexisting vulnerability factors, neurobiological factors, iatrogenic influences (antiepileptic drugs, epilepsy surgery), and psychosocial factors are all likely to play a role, but with considerable individual differences. Despite the high prevalence of anxiety disorders in patients with epilepsy, there are no systematic treatment studies or evidence-based guidelines for best treatment practice. Nevertheless, a practical approach based on the temporal relationship between anxiety and epileptic seizures allows clinicians to consider appropriate treatment strategies to reduce the psychiatric comorbidity in patients with epilepsy. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for epilepsy: Can it also improve depression and vice versa?$$$ Comorbidity with depression is an important determinant of the quality of life for patients with epilepsy. Antidepressant medications can effectively treat depression in epileptic patients, but drug-drug interactions and epileptogenic effects of these drugs pose therapeutic challenges. The mood-stabilizing effects of antiepileptic medications may not be sufficient to treat depression. Therefore, treatments that alleviate the burden of depression without increasing seizure risk or, better yet, with the possibility of improving seizure control are worth exploring. Neuroimaging techniques, such as functional magnetic resonance imaging, are providing novel insights into the pathophysiology of depression in epilepsy. For example, there appears to be prominent brain prefrontal hypoactivity, which may be sustained by the hyperactivity of the seizure focus. If so, neuromodulatory approaches that suppress epileptic focus hyperactivity and concurrently enhance prefrontal activity may be ideally suited. Indeed, vagus nerve stimulation has been shown to yield simultaneous antiseizure and mood effects. Another neuromodulatory technique, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), can also modulate brain activity, but in a noninvasive, painless, and focal manner. Depending on the stimulation parameters, it is possible to enhance or reduce activity in the targeted brain region. Furthermore, TMS has been shown to be effective in treating depression, and preliminary data suggest that this treatment may also be effective for epilepsy treatment. This article reviews these data and explores further the question of whether depression and epilepsy can be simultaneously treated with TMS for optimal therapeutic impact. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in patients with chronic epilepsy: A randomized trial$$$ Animal studies and a preliminary clinical observation suggest that nutritional supplementation with long chain omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAs) may be useful in the nonpharmacological treatment of patients with epilepsy. Omega-3 FAs increase seizure thresholds, and lower inflammatory mediators, which are increased in patients with epilepsy. In this first randomized, placebo-controlled parallel group trial of omega-3 FA supplementation with 1 g eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and 0.7 g docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) daily, 57 patients completed a 12-week double-blind phase. Seizure frequency was reduced over the first 6 weeks of treatment in the supplement group, but this effect was not sustained. The supplementation produced a significant increase in EPA and DHA concentrations and a reciprocal fall in arachidonic and linoleic acid concentrations. No change in serum AED concentrations was detected. Further studies are required to examine different omega-3 FA preparations, different doses, longer treatment duration, and larger sample sizes. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Measuring depressive symptoms among treatment-resistant seizure disorder patients: POMS Depression scale as an alternative to the BDI-II$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is the most prevalent psychiatric comorbidity among patients with treatment-resistant seizures. The Beck Depression Inventory - II (BDI-II) is often used to measure the severity of self-reported depressive symptoms among patients with seizure disorders. In contrast, researchers often use the Profile of Mood States (POMS) Depression (D) scale to assess depressed mood among other medical patient groups. The clinical significance of POMS-D scores among seizure disorder patients is not clear. In this study, we computed the correlation of POMS-D and BDI-II scores, determined a formula for converting POMS-D scores to BDI-II scores, and computed the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), and negative predictive value (NPV) of the POMS-D among seizure disorder patients. Two BDI-II cutoffs (BDI-II ≥ 16 and 20) were used as criteria for significant reported depressive symptoms. We found a strong correlation between POMS-D and BDI-II scores. Analyses indicated that POMS-D scores strongly predict BDI-II scores. In addition, the sensitivity, specificity, PPV, and NPV values obtained demonstrated that POMS-D scores accurately classify seizure disorder patients who endorse significant depressive symptoms. These results suggest that the POMS-D may be effective in measuring reported depressive symptoms among seizure disorder patients. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Experience with topiramate monotherapy in elderly patients with recent-onset epilepsy$$$ Objectives - To evaluate the effect of topiramate in elderly patients with onset of epilepsy after the age of 60, treatment-naive or non-responding to an initial antiepileptic drug. Methods - Analysis of patients with epilepsy diagnosed in the preceding 5 years, aged ≥65 years (n = 43), enrolled in a larger open-label trial (n = 692). After titration to topiramate 100 mg/day over 4 weeks, the dose was adjusted according to individual response (maximum 400 mg/day). Patients were followed up for at least 7 months. Results - After 7 months, 79% of patients remained in the study. Seizure frequency decreased significantly vs baseline (P < 0.001); ≥50% reduction in seizure frequency was achieved in 87% of patients, 64% remained seizure-free. Both previously treated and naive patients responded. Fourteen per cent dropped out because of insufficient tolerability. No unexpected or unusual adverse events were observed. Conclusions - The results indicate that elderly patients respond well to topiramate monotherapy. The high patient retention rate reflects a favourable tolerability profile in this population. © Blackwell Munsksgaard 2005. ER  - 
Chronic daily headache$$$ CDH is a neurologic disorder that is associated with vast personal and socioeconomic burdens. There is evidence to suggest that the incidence of CDH is determined by a combination of genetic, physiologic, and environmental influences. High headache attack frequency and frequent use of analgesic medications are two modifiable risk factors that can propel the transformation of episodic to chronic migraine. The best treatment of CDH is to prevent its occurrence a priori through timely establishment of a headache diagnosis, early use of prophylaxis (nonpharmacological and pharmacologic), and aggressive attack management. For patients who have MOH, successful management can be achieved only after all overused medications are withdrawn. Having a comprehensive headache management strategy developed before initiating a medication withdrawal schedule eases patient anxiety and encourages compliance. One or more bridge treatments are available to palliate the acute exacerbation of head pain intensity that occurs as overused medications are withdrawn. Hospitalization for intensive pain management, close observation, and patient safety is required in some cases. Scientific work regarding the relative efficacy and safety of the various parenteral treatment protocols used for bridge treatment or acute headache management is needed. The utility, safety, and value of rational drug combinations for CDH prophylaxis also need validation. Until studies exploring these issues are available to establish uniform, evidence-based treatment guidelines, expert consensus and current standards of practice support the use of these interventions for the management of CDH. Preclinical, clinical, and longitudinal epidemiologic studies are crucial for addressing current concerns regarding the premise that neuroplasticity and neurodegeneration underlie the transformation of episodic to chronic headache and whether these functional or structural neuronal consequences are reversible once established. Improved understanding of these processes and of pain mechanisms in general will help to establish the importance of aggressive and appropriate headache treatment and the potential role for neuroprotection and disease modification in the life-long management of migraine and other headache disorders. ER  - 
Effects of remifentanil and alfentanil on seizure duration, stimulus amplitudes and recovery parameters during ECT$$$ Background and objective: Propofol may decrease seizure duration in electroconvulsive therapy. Although not proven, prolonged seizures may be more efficacious. The goal of this study was to evaluate and compare effects of alfentanil and remifentanil on seizure duration, recovery parameters and degree of stimulus amplitude in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy. Methods: Twenty-four ASA I-II patients enrolled in this prospective, randomized trial, each receiving a total of seven electroconvulsive therapies. Patients were randomized to receive only Propofol, group P (0.75 mg kg-1, n = 8), Propofol with alfentanil, group A (10 μg kg-1 alfentanil + 0.5 mg kg-1 Propofol, n = 8) and Propofol with remifentanil, group R (1 μg kg-1 remifentanil +0.5 mg kg-1 propofol, n = 8) via an iv route. Supplemental doses of propofol were given as required to achieve loss of consciousness. Succinylcholine 0.5 mg kg-1 iv was given to all groups for muscular paralysis. We recorded hemodynamic parameters, cortical and motor seizure durations, and recovery parameters. Results: Mean motor seizure duration was found to be significantly longer in patients receiving propofol-remifentanil anesthesia (53.3 ± 13.6 s) and propofol-alfentanil anesthesia (52.2 ± 0.4 s) compared with propofol anesthesia (37.6 ± 9.2 s) (P = 0.001). Recovery parameters and stimulus amplitudes were similar in groups A and R; significantly different from group P (P = 0.001). Conclusions: Adding 10 μg kg-1 alfentanil or 1 μg kg -1 remifentanil to reduced doses of propofol provided unconsciousness and increased seizure durations. For patients who need higher stimulus amplitudes for longer seizure durations, combining low-dose propofol with alfentanil or remifentanil may be good alternative regimens for ECT. © Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica (2005). ER  - 
Amantadine in treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus infection?$$$ Treatment of chronic hepatitis C (CHC) continues to be an important and growing challenge. As the response rate to PDA-approved treatment improved over the past decade, we are facing increasing number of difficult-to-treat patients such as those who have failed prior anti-viral therapy. The role of amantadine in the treatment of CHC remains unclear. Studies thus far have produced conflicting results, and type II error could not be excluded. This review summarized results published in the literature from 1997 to 2003, and reviewed the existing questions and controversies regarding the use of amantadine. Current literature suggests that amantadine is ineffective as monotherapy. Amantadine increased the sustained virologic response of certain treatment naïve patients when used in combination with interferon, and may be effective as an adjunct to interferon-based combination therapy in some patients who have failed or relapsed on prior therapy. Factors such as small sample size, patient characteristics, and differences in treatment protocols including amantadine preparation and duration of therapy might explain the conflicting observations of various studies. Further investigations are needed to define optimal dosing and formulation of amantadine, and its appropriate role in management of CHC infection. © 2005 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures are episodes of movement, sensation, or behaviors that are similar to epileptic seizures but do not have a neurologic origin; rather, they are somatic manifestations of psychologic distress. Patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures frequently are misdiagnosed and treated for epilepsy. Video-electroencephalography monitoring is preferred for diagnosis. From 5 to 10 percent of outpatient epilepsy patients and 20 to 40 percent of inpatient epilepsy patients have psychogenic nonepileptic seizures. These patients inevitably have comorbid psychiatric illnesses, most commonly depression, posttraumatic stress disorder, other dissociative and somatoform disorders, and personality pathology, especially borderline personality type. Many patients have a history of sexual or physical abuse. Between 75 and 85 percent of patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures are women. Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures typically begin in young adulthood. Treatment involves discontinuation of antiepileptic drugs hi patients without concurrent epilepsy and referral for appropriate psychiatric care. More studies are needed to determine the best treatment modalities. Copyright© 2005 American Academy of Family Physicians. ER  - 
Benefits and risks of pharmacological and surgical treatments for essential tremor: Disease mechanisms and current management$$$ Essential tremor (ET) is a neurological disease (and possibly a family of diseases) whose most recognisable feature is an action tremor of the hands and occasionally of the voice and head. Current data support the view that CNS γ-amino-butyric acid (GABA)-ergic mechanisms may underlie ET and that the tremor may be further modulated by peripheral (muscle) adrenoreceptors. Potential pharmacotherapeutic options, targeted to influence the activity of the neurotransmitter GABA within the CNS and the peripheral adrenergic receptors, are part of the current armamentarium to treat ET. As such, primidone and propranolol remain the mainstays of the therapy for ET. Intramuscular injections of botulinum toxin A may play a role in the treatment of voice and head tremor. Surgical options, which are reserved for patients with severe, medically-refractory tremor, provide adequate tremor control in the majority of patients. As with other progressive neurological disorders of late life, the ability to use neuroprotective medications to intervene in the developing disease to either slow or halt the progression of the pathological process, would involve an understanding of underlying disease mechanisms. The understanding of these mechanisms in ET is limited and further study of these mechanisms is critical for the development of such therapies. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety results of long-term growth hormone treatment of idiopathic short stature$$$ Context: Small clinical trials of GH treatment of idiopathic short stature (ISS) show variable efficacy. Objective: The study was an analysis of a large GH registry for efficacy and safety of GH treatment of ISS. There was also a comparison with a specific clinical trial. Design: Up to 7 yr of GH treatment of ISS was evaluated for efficacy and safety in the National Cooperative Growth Study (NCGS). Setting: The NCGS study was conducted at Genentech, Inc. and included 47,226 patients. Patients: The ISS group included maximum stimulated GH 10 ng/ml or more and/or a report of ISS by investigator (n = 8018; all included for safety). Cohort 1 (n = 2520) was similar to the clinical trial, cohort 2 (n = 283) included subjects younger than 5 yr of age, and cohort 3 (n = 940) was pubertal at GH start. Intervention: GH, approximately 0.30 mg/kg·wk, was given. Main Outcome Measures: These included growth velocities and height SD (HtSDS). Results: Mean first-year growth velocities in cohorts 1, 2, and 3 increased 4.6, 3.9, and 4.4 cm/yr over pretreatment, respectively. Measures included: baseline mean HtSDS, -2.9, -3.2, and -2.8; mean HtSDS at 1 yr, -2.4, -2.3, and -2.3, respectively. Mean HtSDS after 7 yr in cohorts 1 (n = 303) and 2 (n = 85) and 5 yr in cohort 3 (n = 58) were: -1.2, -1.0, and -1.5, respectively. Cohort 3 shorter treatment time was due to advanced baseline age (mean 13.8 yr) and puberty. Mean HtSDS gain in cohort 1 was comparable with the clinical trial. No new safety signals specific to the NCGS ISS population were observed. Conclusion: ISS patients in the GH registry demonstrate a significant increase in HtSDS with the safety profile similar to GH-deficient patients. Results were similar to the clinical trial. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
The management of violence in general psychiatry$$$ There is increasing concern about the level of violence within mental healthcare settings. In this article I review what is known on this subject, discuss the relationship between mental disorder and violence and summarise the different ways to prevent and manage violence. When planning strategies to prevent violence in such settings it is important to consider not only patient risk factors but also risk factors in the environment. Staff need to have all the possible techniques for managing violent behaviour available to them in order to weigh up the risks and benefits for any specific patient in any particular situation. ER  - 
Herbs for mental illness: Effectiveness and interaction with conventional medicines$$$ Be aware of which herbs can help in the treatment of mental illness, and how the may interact with conventional medications. ER  - 
An epidemiological investigation of off-lavel anticonvulsant drug use in the Georgia Medicaid population$$$ Purpose: The primary objective was to determine the prevalence of off-label anticonvulsant drug use in the Georgia Medicaid population and establish what percentage of this off-label use is evidence-based. The second objective was to investigate differences in the prevalence of off-label use among anticonvulsants marketed before and after 1993. The third objective was to identify patient and physician characteristics associated with off-label use. Method: The study design was a retrospective study utilizing pharmacy, inpatient, outpatient and long-term care claims linked with eligibility files for persons with Georgia Medicaid benefits in 1999 through 2000. An anticonvulsant recipient was considered an off-label anticonvulsant user if their anticonvulsant use did not match age or medical diagnoses in the product label. An evidence-based off-label use was defined as off-label anticonvulsant use supported by at least one randomized controlled clinical trial. Logistic regression analysis was used to identify patient and physician characteristics associated with off-label use. Results: 34 676 (71.3%) of 48 648 patients on one or more anticonvulsants received an off-label prescription for an anticonvulsant. Gabapentin was the anticonvulsant most widely used off-label (86%). After accounting for labeled and all evidence-based uses for the six most frequently prescribed anticonvulsants, there was a moderate to large percentage of anticonvulsant use not supported by any evidence from controlled trials (range: 19.09-57.07%). The most common comorbidities among patients prescribed the top six anticonvulsants were diabetes mellitus, depression, schizophrenia and pain. Anticonvulsants launched after 1993 had a higher prevalence of off-label use than anticonvulsants marketed before 1993. Off-label drug use varied by age with children and adolescents being the most likely to receive an off-label anticonvulsant. Compared with other practitioners, neurologists were more likely to prescribe anticonvulsants off-label. Conclusions: The anticonvulsant off-label use in the Georgia Medicaid population is very high (71%). Only a modest proportion of these off-label uses are supported by evidence from controlled trials. Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Homocysteine and folate metabolism in depression$$$ Homocysteine is a sensitive marker of folate and vitamin B12 deficiency. Numerous studies have confirmed the association between folate deficiency and depression. It is not completely understood whether homocysteine is solely a marker for folate deficiency or if it may play a more direct role in the expression of mood disorders. This review describes the biochemical, neurochemical and clinical correlations of folate deficiency and hyperhomocysteinemia in relation to depression. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Celiac disease and gluten-associated diseases$$$ Celiac disease develops from an autoimmune response to specific dietary grains that contain gluten. Diagnosis can be made based on the classical presentation of diarrhea, fatty stools, and abdominal bloating and cramping, as well as the presence of specific serum antibodies. In addition, gluten ingestion has increasingly been found to be associated with other conditions not usually correlated with gluten intolerance. The subsequent diversity of the clinical presentation in these cases can complicate decision-making and delay treatment initiation in conditions such as ataxia, headaches, arthritis, neuropathy, type 1 diabetes mellitus, and others. This review explores the etiology and pathology of celiac disease, presents support for the relationship between gluten and other diseases, and provides effective screening and treatment protocols. ER  - 
VNS Therapy versus the latest antiepileptic drug$$$ Pro AED: The central issue in medical decision-making is risk-benefit assessment. Surgery of any type is still considered to be a major undertaking. To warrant these risks, the patient has a right to expect that they have a greater chance of a good outcome with an invasive therapy than with a non-invasive one. The main question is when, if ever, this becomes the case when comparing implantation of a VNS Therapy System versus adding an antiepileptic drug (AED)? After the first drug? The second? After all AEDs have failed? To date, no randomized trial comparing the addition of an AED against vagus nerve stimulation (VNS Therapy) has been undertaken, although several are currently being contemplated. Without this information, it is more difficult to make a case for early implementation of VNS Therapy. Unfortunately, few data are available regarding the potential for patients to become seizure-free after implantation of a VNS Therapy System. Another issue is side effects. It is important to remember that VNS Therapy also produces adverse events, albeit very different in character than those associated with AEDs, to which physicians have become accustomed. These include cough, dyspnea, pharyngitis, voice alteration and sleep apnea. A less frequently discussed, potentially negative consequence of VNS Therapy relates to the ability to obtain imaging of the patient. Patients who have undergone VNS Therapy System implantation are not candidates for imaging of the chest, breast, or abdomen. A second issue is that imaging of the brain can only be performed with MRI scanners that meet certain requirements, and as MRI technology develops, scanners meeting these requirements may become harder to find. However, to summarize, VNS Therapy is an excellent and useful treatment choice. Fortunately, the choice between AEDs and VNS Therapy is not an "either/or" decision. Each has a role in the treatment of patients with epilepsy, and the advantages and disadvantages of each should be kept in perspective. Pro VNS Therapy: VNS Therapy is no longer a new treatment for patients with refractory epilepsy. The first implant was performed in 1988, and since then more than 30,000 patients have received this therapy. It is no longer considered an unusual or dangerous procedure, but it is still used almost exclusively for refractory epilepsy patients and it has not been generally accepted for use as a first line or even second line therapy. However, compared to the new AEDs, VNS Therapy has similar efficacy results in clinical trials and in many epilepsy syndromes and the long-term efficacy results are even more positive, with continued improvement in seizure reduction for up to two years. Two of the major reasons for not using VNS Therapy early are that it is a surgical procedure, and its safety during MRI procedures, especially with 3 Tesla, has not yet been elucidated. The safety profile of VNS Therapy is very favorable; the side effects being totally different from those seen with AEDs. The most important aspects are that there have been no pharmacological interactions, cognitive or sedative side effects reported, and it is safe for use in all age groups. Side effects are restricted to local irritation, hoarseness, coughing and, in a few cases, swallowing difficulties when the stimulator is on, but these tend to disappear with time. No idiosyncratic side effect has emerged during the 16 years of use. Compliance is guaranteed. The cost of the implantation of the VNS Therapy System, when spread out over 8 years (battery life), is actually less than the cost of using a new AED over an eight-year period, and real savings as regards hospital costs due to seizures can be expected. ER  - 
Epilepsy and common comorbidities: Improving the outpatient epilepsy encounter$$$ Epilepsy is a chronic disorder that has been associated with other specific health problems. Evidence from recent clinical and basic investigations indicates that aspects of cerebral dysfunction associated with a lowered seizure threshold may also predispose toward other disorders such as depression, cognitive impairment, sleep disorders, and migraine. Similarly, certain types of brain injury may also increase the risk of adverse antiepileptic drug (AED) effects. For example, a history of febrile seizures is associated with a three fold increase in the occurrence of negative psychiatric effects of two newer AEDs. Poor fitness and obesity are also reported at higher rates in epilepsy. Some comorbid conditions in epilepsy, such a depression and anxiety, may have a greater influence on subjective health status than does seizure rate. Management strategies employed in the outpatient clinic to maximize overall health outcomes should include screening and treatment for the commonly coexistent conditions in persons with epilepsy. ER  - 
Aripiprazole: An appraisal of the translation of complex receptor effects into clinical outcomes$$$ Aripiprazole possesses a complex pharmacology with both partial agonist and full antagonist effects. The purpose of this article is to critically review, in the light of its unique receptor pharmacology, the current clinical literature on the use of aripiprazole in the treatment of schizophrenia and mood disorders. There is evidence that aripiprazole is an effective and well tolerated antipsychotic in treating schizophrenia. Now, more recent evidence suggests that aripiprazole may have a role in the treatment of mood disorders. The efficacy side-effect profile of aripiprazole is reviewed herein. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Sustained-release bupropion in the treatment of SSRI nonresponder pathologic gamblers: Pilot study and review of the literature$$$ Background: Pathologic gambling (PG) is a prevalent and disabling impulse-control disorder. Recent studies have consistently demonstrated that PG patients respond well to treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibiters (SSRIs), mood stabilizers and opioid antagonists. These findings have supported the observation that PG is strongly associated with mood disorders, obsessive-compulsive spectrum disorders, panic disorder and addictive disorders. The aim of the study was to show the effectiveness of bupropion sustained release in PG. Methods: A total of 16 male PGs who had failed two previous trials of SSRI pharmacotherapy were enrolled in the study and were treated with bupropion sustained release for 12 weeks. A comprehensive psychiatric diagnostic evaluation was performed on all patients at baseline, and patients were screened for symptoms of gambling, depression and anxiety using the South Oaks Gambling Screen, the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale and the Clinical Global Impression-Impovement Scale. In addition, the patients completed self-report questionnaires concerning their demographic status. Results: Most patients responded well to bupropion treatment. A total of 12 out of 16 subjects completed the 12-week treatment program. Treatment response was determined by the level of gambling behavior reported by subjects at the 12-week visit. Full remission of gambling behavior was defined as the absence of gambling behavior for a period of 1 week prior to the follow-up visit. A total of nine out of the 12 completers reported full remission, and three completers had partial remission. Conclusion: Bupropion SR could be effective in the treatment of pathologic gamblers who are SSRI nonresponders. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
The potential role of lamotrigine in schizophrenia$$$ Rationale: Atypical antipsychotic drugs are the drugs of choice for the treatment of schizophrenia. However, despite advances, no treatments have been established for patients who fail to improve with the most effective of these, clozapine. The inhibition of dopamine transmission through blockade of dopamine D2 receptors is considered to be essential for antipsychotic efficacy, but it is postulated that modulation of glutamate transmission may be equally important. In support of this, symptoms similar to schizophrenia can be induced in healthy volunteers using N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) antagonist drugs that are also known to enhance glutamate transmission. Furthermore, lamotrigine, which can modulate glutamate release, may add to or synergise with atypical antipsychotic drugs, some of which may themselves modulate glutamate transmission. Objectives: We examine the evidence for the efficacy of lamotrigine. We consider how this fits with a glutamate neuron dysregulation hypothesis of the disorder. We discuss mechanisms by which lamotrigine might influence neuronal activity and glutamate transmission, and possible ways in which the drug might interact with antipsychotic medications. Results: Data from four clinical studies support the efficacy of adjunctive lamotrigine in the treatment of schizophrenia. In addition, and consistent with a glutamate neuron dysregulation hypothesis of schizophrenia, lamotrigine can prevent the psychotic symptoms or behavioural disruption induced by NMDA receptor antagonists in healthy volunteers or rodents. Conclusions: The efficacy of lamotrigine is most likely explained within the framework of a glutamate neuron dysregulation hypothesis, and may arise primarily through the drugs ability to influence glutamate transmission and neural activity in the cortex. The drug is likely to act through inhibition of voltage-gated sodium channels, though other molecular interactions cannot be ruled out. Lamotrigine may add to or synergise with some atypical antipsychotic drugs acting on glutamate transmission; alternatively, they may act independently on glutamate and dopamine systems to bring about a combined therapeutic effect. We propose new strategies for the treatment of schizophrenia using a combination of anti-dopaminergic and anti-glutamatergic drugs. © Springer-Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Improving the care of individuals with schizophrenia and substance use disorders: Consensus recommendations$$$ National attention continues to focus on the need to improve care for individuals with co-occurring mental illnesses and substance use disorders, as emphasized in the 2003 President's New Freedom Commission Report on Mental Health and recent publications from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA). These reports document the need for best practice recommendations that can be translated into routine clinical care. Although efforts are underway to synthesize literature in this area, few focused recommendations are available that include expert opinion and evidence-based findings on the management of specific co-occurring disorders, such as schizophrenia and addiction. In response to the need for user-friendly recommendations on the treatment of schizophrenia and addiction, a consensus conference of experts from academic institutions and state mental health systems was organized to 1) frame the problem from clinical and systems-level perspectives; 2) identify effective and problematic psychosocial, pharmacological, and systems practices; and 3) develop a summary publication with recommendations for improving current practice. The results of the consensus meeting served as the foundation for this publication, which presents a broad set of recommendations for clinicians who treat individuals with schizophrenia. "Integrated treatment" is the new standard for evidence-based treatment for this population and recommendations are given to help clinicians implement such integrated treatment. Specific recommendations are provided concerning screening for substance use disorders in patients with schizophrenia, assessing motivation for change, managing medical conditions that commonly occur in patients with dual diagnoses (e.g., cardiovascular disease, liver complications, lung cancer, HIV, and hepatitis B or C infections) and selecting the most appropriate medications for such patients to maximize safety and minimize drug interactions, use of evidence-based psychosocial interventions for patients with dual diagnoses (e.g., Dual Recovery Therapy, modified cognitive-behavioral therapy, modified motivational enhancement therapy, and the Substance Abuse Management Module), and key pharmacotherapy principles for treating schizophrenia, substance use disorders, and comorbid anxiety, depression, and sleep problems in this population. Finally the article reviews programmatic and systemic changes needed to overcome treatment barriers and promote the best outcomes for this patient population. An algorithm summarizing the consensus recommendations is provided in an appendix. Copyright ©2005 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins Inc. ER  - 
Zonisamide: Review of its use in epilepsy therapy$$$ Zonisamide is an antiepileptic drug used as adjunctive therapy for refractory partial seizures in adults. Because of the multiple mechanisms of action, it shows a broad spectrum of anticonvulsant activity and has been effective in several types of seizures, including partial and generalized seizures, tonic-clonic seizures and absence seizures in patients unresponsive to other anticonvulsants. Myoclonic epilepsy, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and infantile spasms have also been treated effectively with zonisamide. Recent clinical studies have demonstrated additional potential for therapeutic use in neuropathic pain, bipolar disorder, migraine, obesity, eating disorders and Parkinson's disease. Despite adverse events, zonisamide is relatively safe and well tolerated in patients, and shows low discontinuation rate. It has a good pharmacokinetic profile and a low drug interaction potential. Zonisamide is considered as a drug that effectively reduces the frequency of partial seizures. © 2005 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Multiple sclerosis: New help, new hope$$$ Immunomodulatory agents reduce the rate of relapse in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple (MS); in addition, these drugs, particularly the interferons, can slow the progression of the disease. Thus, early treatment can help prevent disability. High doses of corticosteroids given early during an MS relapse may decrease the length and severity of the attack. Mitoxantrone is generally reserved for patients with progressive forms of MS who are experiencing rapid loss functioning. Consider intravenous immunoglobulin for patients who have had steady disease progression. Combinations of either an interferon or glatiramer with oral immunosuppresant or pulse corticosteroid therapy are increasingly used. ER  - 
Migraine during pregnancy: Options for therapy$$$ Migraine is common during pregnancy, but fortunately this combination of conditions obviously exists for only a finite period. The greatest frequency of migraine attacks occurs during the first trimester. Accurate diagnosis is a sine qua non in this setting as in any headache patient. It is in the first trimester that the fetus is at greatest risk from abortifacient and teratogenic drugs, and when very early pregnancy may be undiagnosed. Ergot alkaloids (including methysergide) should be avoided during pregnancy because of their teratogenicity, and most other drug classes should be used only when unavoidable. The use of prophylactic agents during pregnancy should be the exception, not the rule, and preferably only during the second and third trimesters; propranolol is probably safest in this situation. De novo headache during pregnancy usually requires expert review of the patient. Treatment tactics for uncomplicated migraine in pregnancy depend on the concurrent clinical situation. Paracetamol (acetaminophen) is the mainstay for the patient whose typical attacks continue into the first trimester. If paracetamol is insufficient, then partial agonist opioids may be used if typical migraine attacks persist in the second and third trimesters (which is uncommon). 'Chronic migraine' in pregnancy, i.e. ≥15 headache days per month, is rare, and is the greatest therapeutic challenge. Co-morbidities such as depression or epilepsy require specialised approaches. The complexities associated with these tactics are discussed in this article, and it is emphasised that none has the specific approval of regulatory authorities. Heightened pharmacovigilance will better inform the future pregnant migraineur. However, this type of information is less likely to be available for novel classes of neuropharmacological agents than for existing ones. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Evaluating health-related quality-of-life studies in paediatric populations: Some conceptual, methodological and developmental considerations and recent applications$$$ Although numerous paediatric-based health-related quality-of-life (HR-QOL) instruments are currently in use, there still remain conceptual, methodological and developmental issues to address. This paper provides an up-to-date critical review of the HR-QOL literature in paediatric medicine. Our analysis indicates that there is no consensus on how HR-QOL and overall QOL should be defined and measured in children. It is recommended that future studies focus on operationalising and distinguishing these constructs from each other and from traditional health-status measures. A clear empirical basis for generating instrument items and for prioritising specific domains must be described. Researchers should consider using the data gathered during their first interviews as a springboard from which to test their ideas of HR-QOL and QOL, reformulate concepts and subsequently retest their notions before developing instruments. Related to methodological challenges, consistency and agreement are still used interchangeably when comparing child and parent reports of children's HR-QOL. The Pearson correlation is a measure of co-variation in scores, and not a measure of agreement. We recommend that researchers focus on determining agreement as opposed to consistency. Few, if any, attempts have been made to account for the possibility that a response shift may have occurred in the evaluation of HR-QOL. Most studies have compared HR-QOL scores of children with illness with their healthy peers. As such, there is a dearth of knowledge regarding the normative process of adaptation within the context of illness. It is recommended that researchers focus on gathering data using a relative standard of comparison. We further recommend that researchers interpret HR-QOL data in line with their intended purpose. Regarding developmental consideration, particular attention ought to be paid to developing instruments that consider children's emerging sense of self, cognitive capacity and emotional awareness. Instruments that include items that are age appropriate are more likely to maximise reliability and validity of reports. The results of many HR-QOL instruments are applied in pharmacotherapeutic and pharmacoeconomic assessments. However, there has been relative infrequent application of economically valid HR-QOL tools (utility scales) and the use of HR-QOL scales as outcome measures in paediatric drug trials. As such, few cost-utility analyses have been performed to inform paediatric decision making. In addition, many of the concerns in the development of HR-QOL instruments should also be applied to the utility scales such that they reflect adequately children's preferences for health states. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) guidelines for the management of patienst with bipolar disorder: Consensus and controversies$$$ Since the previous publication of Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) guidelines in 1997, there has been a substantial increase in evidence-based treatment options for bipolar disorder. The present guidelines review the new evidence and use criteria to rate strength of evidence and incorporate effectiveness, safety, and tolerability data to determine global clinical recommendations for treatment of various phases of bipolar disorder. The guidelines suggest that although pharmacotherapy forms the cornerstone of management, utilization of adjunctive psychosocial treatments and incorporation of chronic disease management model involving a healthcare team are required in providing optimal management for patients with bipolar disorder. Lithium, valproate and several atypical antipsychotics are first-line treatments for acute mania. Bipolar depression and mixed states are frequently associated with suicidal acts; therefore assessment for suicide should always be an integral part of managing any bipolar patient. Lithium, lamotrigine or various combinations of antidepressant and mood-stabilizing agents are first-line treatments for bipolar depression. First-line options in the maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder are lithium, lamotrigine, valproate and olanzapine. Historical and symptom profiles help with treatment selection. With the growing recognition of bipolar II disorders, it is anticipated that a larger body of evidence will become available to guide treatment of this common and disabling condition. These guidelines also discuss issues related to bipolar disorder in women and those with comorbidity and include a section on safety and monitoring. © Blackwell Munksgaard, 2005. ER  - 
Potential for interaction of kava and St. John's wort with drugs$$$ The present interest and widespread use of herbal remedies has created the possibility of interaction between them and pharmaceutical drugs if they are used simultaneously. Before the recent reports of apparent hepatotoxicity associated with its use, kava (Piper methysticum Forst. F.), was one of the top 10 selling herbal remedies in Europe and North America. This adverse effect was not previously encountered with the traditional beverage which was prepared as a water infusion in contrast to the commercial products which are extracted with organic solvents. Kavalactones, the active principles in kava, are potent inhibitors of several of the CYP 450 enzymes, suggesting a high potential for causing pharmacokinetic interactions with drugs and other herbs which are metabolized by the same CYP 450 enzymes. Furthermore, some kavalactones have been shown to possess pharmacological effects, such as blockade of GABA receptors and sodium and calcium ion channels, which may lead to pharmacodynamic interactions with other substances which possess similar pharmacological proprieties. St. John's wort (Hypericum perforatum L.), used extensively for the treatment of mild to moderate clinical depression, has long been considered safer than the conventional pharmaceutical agents. However, its ability, through its active constituents hypericin, pseudohypericin and hyperforin, to induce intestinal P-glycoprotein/MRD1 and both intestinal and hepatic CYP3A4 enzyme, could markedly reduce the distribution and disposition of their co-substrates. In addition, St. John's wort is a potent uptake inhibitor of the neurotransmitters serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine all of which have a role in mood control. Consequently, the very real potential for a pharmacodynamic interaction between the herb and pharmaceutical drugs which share this mechanism of action and, like St. John's wort, are used for mood elevation. However, presently there is very little evidence to substantiate actual pharmacokinetic and/or pharmacodynamic interaction between drugs and kava or St. John's wort. This review provides a brief overview of the existing data on interactions of kava and St. John's wort with pharmaceutical agents and as a result reveals the urgent need for detailed investigations to identify clinically significant interactions for these herbal remedies that have the potential to cause adverse effects. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The therapeutic effect of clinical trials: Understanding placebo response rates in clinical trials - A secondary analysis$$$ Background and purpose: Placebo response rates in clinical trials vary considerably and are observed frequently. For new drugs it can be difficult to prove effectiveness superior to placebo. It is unclear what contributes to improvement in the placebo groups. We wanted to clarify, what elements of clinical trials determine placebo variability. Methods: We analysed a representative sample of 141 published long-term trials (randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled; duration > 12 weeks) to find out what study characteristics predict placebo response rates in various diseases. Correlational and regression analyses with study characteristics and placebo response rates were carried out. Results: We found a high and significant correlation between placebo and treatment response rate across diseases (r = .78; p < .001). A multiple regression model explained 79% of the variance in placebo variability (F = 59.7; p < 0.0001). Significant predictors are, among others, the duration of the study (beta = .31), the quality of the study (beta = .18), the fact whether a study is a prevention trial (beta = .44), whether dropouts have been documented (beta = -.20), or whether additional treatments have been documented (beta = -.17). Healing rates with placebo are lower in the following diagnoses; neoplasms (beta = -.21), nervous diseases (beta = -.10), substance abuse (beta = -.14). Without prevention trials the amount of variance explained is 42%. Conclusion: Medication response rates and placebo response rates in clinical trials are highly correlated. Trial characteristics can explain some portion of the variance in placebo healing rates in RCTs. Placebo response in trials is only partially due to methodological artefacts and only partially dependent on the diagnoses treated. © 2005 Walach et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Rheumatic diseases in the elderly: Dealing with rheumatic pain in extended care facilities$$$ Pain in elderly patients is often underreported, underdiagnosed, and undertreated. Increased understanding of the experience of pain in older persons, strategies for assessment, and appropriate use of pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic approaches is necessary to improve management of pain in this population. More valid and reliable pain measures are necessary as are new drugs with milder side effects. Nondrug strategies require further investigation for this highly disabled population. A pharmacologic regimen for the elderly patient suffering from a rheumatic disease must combine adequate analgesia with sufficient safety precautions, minimizing side effects. These regimens should also be simplified as much as possible. Long-acting medications are often best to provide longer durations of comfort and fewer doses for nurses or other caregivers to administer. In addition, any regimen must address the root cause of the pain as well as its severity, while taking into account comorbid conditions and concomitant medications. Facilities must adopt contingency plans for pain management. These plans will prevent delays in pain care during medication changes or dosage adjustments. Institutional policies that limit activities should not be so rigid that they create barriers to pain control for most patients. As the need for health systems for frail elderly persons continues to grow, it is our most important obligation to provide comfort and effective pain control appropriate for these new settings. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pain management for the hospitalized pediatric patient$$$ Pediatric hospitalists should make pain assessment and treatment a high priority and a central part of their daily practice. Efforts at improving pain treatment in pediatric hospitals should be multidisciplinary and should involve combined use of pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic approaches. While available information can permit effective treatment of pain for a majority of children in hospitals, there is a need for more research on pediatric analgesic pharmacology, on a variety of non-pharmacologic treatments, and on different models of delivery of care. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of comorbidities on medical care use and cost among refractory patients with partial seizure disorder$$$ Purpose. The goal of this work was to assess the effect of comorbidities on medical care use and costs among patients with partial seizure disorder who are also refractory to initial antiepileptic drug (AED) monotherapy. Methods. Retrospective data from the PharMetrics managed care claims database were collected for adult patients treated with AED monotherapy between January 1, 2000 and March 31, 2002. The associations of comorbidity, specifically the Charlson Comorbidity Index (CCI) and incidence of specific comorbid conditions, with total costs and with hospitalization were analyzed via econometric analysis and logistic regression. Results. Five hundred forty-nine patients were identified a nd analyzed. The odds of hospitalization were 3.7 times greater among patients with a CCI P ≥ 1, than for patients without comorbidities (OR = 3.7, 95% CI = 1.7-7.9), while treatment costs for all medical care were 136% higher (P < 0.05). Depression had the largest marginal effect on costs and on the likelihood of hospitalization. Conclusions. For patients refractory to initial AED monotherapy, the presence of comorbidities, especially depression, is associated with a substantial increase in medical care use and costs. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Echinacea species (Echinacea angustifolia (DC.) Hell., Echinacea pallida (Nutt.) Nutt., Echinacea purpurea (L.) Moench): A review of their chemistry, pharmacology and clinical properties$$$ This paper reviews the chemistry, pharmacology and clinical properties of Echinacea species used medicinally. The Echinacea species Echinacea angustifolia, Echinacea pallida and Echinacea purpurea have a long history of medicinal use for a variety of conditions, particularly infections, and today echinacea products are among the best-selling herbal preparations in several developed countries. Modern interest in echinacea is focused on its immunomodulatory effects, particularly in the prevention and treatment of upper respiratory tract infections. The chemistry of Echinacea species is well documented, and several groups of constituents, including alkamides and caffeic acid derivatives, are considered important for activity. There are, however, differences in the constituent profile of the three species. Commercial echinacea samples and marketed echinacea products may contain one or more of the three species, and analysis of samples of raw material and products has shown that some do not meet recognized standards for pharmaceutical quality. Evidence from preclinical studies supports some of the traditional and modern uses for echinacea, particularly the reputed immunostimulant (or immunomodulatory) properties. Several, but not all, clinical trials of echinacea preparations have reported effects superior to those of placebo in the prevention and treatment of upper respiratory tract infections. However, evidence of efficacy is not definitive as studies have included different patient groups and tested various different preparations and dosage regimens of echinacea. On the basis of the available limited safety data, echinacea appears to be well tolerated. However, further investigation and surveillance are required to establish the safety profiles of different echinacea preparations. Safety issues include the possibility of allergic reactions, the use of echinacea by patients with autoimmune diseases and the potential for echinacea preparations to interact with conventional medicines. © 2005 The Authors. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of emerging pharmacological treatments for bipolar disorder$$$ Objectives: Over the past few years numerous new agents have been examined for their efficacy in bipolar disorder (BPD). New antiepileptic agents and atypical antipsychotics currently form the bulk of these emerging agents. As the armamentarium for treating BPD increases, it allows for the possibility of choosing drugs on the basis of their tolerability as well as their efficacy, rather than on efficacy alone. Methods: Efficacy data for newer antiepileptic drugs (lamotrigine, topiramate, gabapentin, oxcarbazepine) and atypical antipsychotics (olanzapine, clozapine, risperidone, quetiapine, ziprasidone, aripiprazole) are briefly reviewed. The article focuses on relative safety and tolerability of these agents. Results: In general, most of these newer agents have better side effect and tolerability profiles than older agents commonly used to treat BPD (lithium, valproate, carbamazepine); however, these must be weighed against efficacy demonstrated to date in randomized, controlled trials. Cognitive impairment is a concern with topiramate, weight gain and risk of diabetes with some of the atypical antipsychotic agents, and rash with lamotrigine. Conclusions: Side effects of newer emerging agents for the treatment of BPD can be effectively managed and the risks reduced by instituting practical strategies early in management. © Blackwell Munksgaard, 2005. ER  - 
Treatment-related neurotoxicity$$$ Two challenges need to be addressed to improve the outcome of patients with primary central nervous system lymphoma. The first challenge is to develop therapies that result in less toxicity and improved long-term outcome. The second challenge is to develop interventions to help those patients who develop treatment-related neurotoxicity; ongoing collaborative efforts are required to improve communication and understanding of this complication. Long-term follow-up of prospective therapeutic studies should report on both disease control and the development of neurotoxicity. New protocols should include prospective longitudinal measures of neurocognitive function. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mood disorders in the medically ill: Scientific review and recommendations$$$ Objective: The purpose of this review is to assess the relationship between mood disorders and development, course, and associated morbidity and mortality of selected medical illnesses, review evidence for treatment, and determine needs in clinical practice and research. Data Sources: Data were culled from the 2002 Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance Conference proceedings and a literature review addressing prevalence, risk factors, diagnosis, and treatment. This review also considered the experience of primary and specialty care providers, policy analysts, and patient advocates. The review and recommendations reflect the expert opinion of the authors. Study Selection/Data Extraction: Reviews of epidemiology and mechanistic studies were included, as were open-label and randomized, controlled trials on treatment of depression in patients with medical comorbidities. Data on study design, population, and results were extracted for review of evidence that includes tables of prevalence and pharmacological treatment. The effect of depression and bipolar disorder on selected medical comorbidities was assessed, and recommendations for practice, research, and policy were developed. Conclusions: A growing body of evidence suggests that biological mechanisms underlie a bidirectional link between mood disorders and many medical illnesses. In addition, there is evidence to suggest that mood disorders affect the course of medical illnesses. Further prospective studies are warranted. © 2005 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
Intracavitary therapeutic options in the management of cystic craniopharyngioma$$$ Background: Craniopharyngioma remains an entity of controversial management due to its critical anatomical relationships and its well-known recurrence tendency. Total resection, although desirable, is not always accomplished, and it is associated with potentially permanent endocrinological and visual deficits. Consequently, this situation has led to the development of new management strategies seeking lesser morbidity. Because a high percentage of these lesions are cystic, bleomycin and radioactive-emitting sources have been postulated as new therapeutic options with promising results. Discussion: The information known to date regarding these substances is summarized and we perform a retrospective review of the clinical trials conducted over the past 30 years with special emphasis on outcome, morbidity, and mortality. Two cases from our institution are presented as examples of multimodality management. Conclusion: Overall, these newer options stand out as valid alternatives in the controversial management of these challenging tumors. © Springer-Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Anxiety and medical disorders$$$ Anxiety symptoms and disorders are associated with a range of general medical disorders. This association may be a physiologic consequence of the general medical disorder, a psychologic reaction to the experience of having a medical illness, a side effect of treatment, or a chance occurrence. This article briefly reviews the associations of panic disorder with seizure disorder, Klüver-Bucy syndrome, mitral valve prolapse, and respiratory disorders; of generalized anxiety disorder with chronic obstructive airway disease and cardiovascular and endocrine disorders; of social anxiety disorder with Parkinson's disease; of obsessive-compulsive disorder with striatal disorders; and of posttraumatic stress disorder with head injury and pain. Such associations provide important clues for understanding the neurobiology of anxiety disorders. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Pregabalin: A new agent for the treatment of neuropathic pain$$$ Pregabalin (Lyrica™, Pfizer) is a GABA analog with similar structure and actions to gabapentin. It has antiepileptic, analgesic and anxiolytic activity. Pregabalin is indicated for the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic neuropathy and post-herpetic neuralgia. Peak plasma levels occur approximately 1 hour after oral doses and oral bioavailability is about 90%. Based on AUC data, food does not significantly affect the extent of absorption. Pregabalin is not protein-bound and exhibits a plasma half-life of about 6 hours, which is not dose-dependent. Hepatic metabolism is negligible, and most of the oral dose (95%) appears unchanged in the urine. Pregabalin is a safe and well-tolerated new treatment for neuropathic pain. Furthermore, pregabalin has proven efficacy in adjunctive therapy of refractory partial seizures and in the treatment of acute pain, generalized anxiety disorder and social phobia. © 2005 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
New anti-epileptic drugs in treating the epilepsies of childhood$$$ The treatment of epilepsy in children begins with the correct diagnosis of epilepsy and identification of the epilepsy syndrome and any underlying cause. Seizure control is clearly important and, in most children, is probably the key factor in determining their quality of life, but this should not be at the expense of the child's general health and ability to function, both in and out of school. The introduction of the newer anti-epileptic drugs has obviously improved the seizure control of many children with epilepsy but none of these drugs have yet replaced the older drugs, specifically sodium valproate and carbamazepine. In addition, the use of these new drugs has paradoxically (but not unexpectedly) contributed to a therapeutic confusion that may occasionally result in the inappropriate treatment of some of the paediatric epilepsies. Finally, there remains a clear need to undertake robust but pragmatic clinical trials of any novel and emerging anti-epileptic drugs in children as well as in adults. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neurological emergencies as causes of accidents.$$$ OBJECTIVES: A large number of people throughout Europe are involved in accidents every year. Neurological emergencies as the underlying cause of accidents are poorly investigated. This retrospective chart review study was performed to evaluate the incidence of such events. METHODS: We retrospectively screened the records of the database of our physician-staffed emergency medical service for a 2-year period of time for patients involved in accidents suspicious of having had a neurological incident leading to the accident. The admission diagnoses of these records were compared with the final diagnosis as taken from the hospital records. Additional demographical (gender, age, time of accident) and medical (Glasgow Coma Scale, Injury Severity Score, National Advisory Committee on Aeronautics-Score) data were evaluated and analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 1545 records associated with accidents were screened, identifying 110 (7.1%) cases eligible for analysis. Fifty-four patients had seizure (49.1%), 7 stroke (6.3%) and 2 suffered from intracerebral hemorrhage (1.8%). The admission diagnosis made by the physician was confirmed in 91.8% of the cases. Accidents with concomitant neurological event happened significantly more frequent between 9 and 12 am. No differences were observed in demographic or medical data for patients with acute neurological event prior to the accident. CONCLUSION: Neurological emergencies, particularly epilepsy, stroke and intracerebral hemorrhage are causes of accidents which have to be considered more often than expected and happen most frequently in the morning. Other demographical and medical data provide no additional information for emergency medical personnel to specifically identify such patients. Nevertheless, emergency physicians seem to be highly skilled in finding the correct diagnosis. ER  - 
World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for biological treatment of schizophrenia, Part 1: Acute treatment of schizophrenia$$$ These guidelines for the biological treatment of schizophrenia were developed by an international Task Force of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP). The goal during the development of these guidelines was to review systematically all available evidence pertaining to the treatment of schizophrenia, and to reach a consensus on a series of practice recommendations that are clinically and scientifically meaningful based on the available evidence. These guidelines are intended for use by all physicians seeing and treating people with schizophrenia. The data used for developing these guidelines have been extracted primarily from various national treatment guidelines and panels for schizophrenia, as well as from meta-analyses, reviews and randomised clinical trials on the efficacy of pharmacological and other biological treatment interventions identified by a search of the MEDLINE database and Cochrane Library. The identified literature was evaluated with respect to the strength of evidence for its efficacy and then categorised into four levels of evidence (A-D). This first part of the guidelines covers disease definition, classification, epidemiology and course of schizophrenia, as well as the management of the acute phase treatment. These guidelines are primarily concerned with the biological treatment (including antipsychotic medication, other pharmacological treatment options, electroconvulsive therapy, adjunctive and novel therapeutic strategies) of adults suffering from schizophrenia. © 2005 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Multiple mechanisms induce transcriptional silencing of a subset of genes, including oestrogen receptor α, in response to deacetylase inhibition by valproic acid and trichostatin A$$$ Valproate (VPA) and trichostatin A (TSA), inhibitors of zinc-dependent deacetylase activity, induce reduction in the levels of mRNA encoding oestrogen receptor-α (ERα), resulting in subsequent clearance of ERα protein from breast and ovarian cell lines. Inhibition of oestrogen signalling may account for the endocrine disorders, menstrual abnormalities, osteoporosis and weight gain that occur in a proportion of women treated with VPA for epilepsy or for bipolar mood disorder. Transcriptome profiling revealed that VPA and TSA also modulate the expression of, among others, key regulatory components of the cell cycle. Meta-analysis of genes directly responsive to oestrogen indicates that VPA and TSA have a generally antioestrogenic profile in ERα positive cells. Concomitant treatment with cycloheximide prevented most of these changes in gene expression, including downregulation of ERα mRNA, indicating that a limited number of genes signal a hyperacetylated state within cells. Three members of the NAD-dependent deacetylases, the sirtuins, are upregulated by VPA and by TSA and sirtuin activity contributes to loss of ERα expression. However, prolonged inhibition of the sirtuins by sirtinol also induces loss of ERα from cells. Mechanistically, we show that VPA invokes reversible promoter shutoff of the ERα, pS2 and cyclin D1 promoters, by inducing recruitment of methyl cytosine binding protein 2 (MeCP2) with concomitant exclusion of the maintenance methylase DNMT1. Furthermore, we demonstrate that, in the presence of VPA, local DNA methylation, deacetylation and demethylation of activated histones and recruitment of inhibitory complexes occurs on the pS2 promoter. © 2005 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder$$$ Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a disorder of inattention, impulsivity, and hyperactivity that affects 8-12% of children worldwide. Although the rate of ADHD falls with age, at least half of children with the disorder will have impairing symptoms in adulthood. Twin, adoption, and molecular genetic studies show ADHD to be highly heritable, and other findings have recorded obstetric complications and psychosocial adversity as predisposing risk factors. Converging evidence from animal and human studies implicates the dysregulation of frontal-subcortical-cerebellar catecholaminergic circuits in the pathophysiology of ADHD, and molecular imaging studies suggest that abnormalities of the dopamine transporter lead to impaired neurotransmission. Studies during the past decade have shown the safety and effectiveness of new non-stimulant drugs and long-acting formulations of methylphenidate and amfetamine. Other investigations have also clarified the appropriate role of targeted psychosocial treatments in the context of ongoing pharmacotherapy. ER  - 
ASHP therapeutic position statement on the appropriate use of medications in the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in pediatric patients$$$ A thorough assessment by a qualified clinician is needed to establish the diagnosis of ADHD and detect all comorbid medical and neuropsychiatric conditions before initiating therapy. Therapy should be started in patients who suffer from moderate to severe functional impairment. The treatment of ADHD is often suboptimal and overprescribing and underprescribing of medication have been documented in the medical literature. Successful and appropriate medication management includes strategies to overcome the social stigma of diagnosis and concerns about the risk of substance abuse, lack of education about ADHD, lack of health insurance coverage, and lack of coordinated care with parents, teachers, and extended family. The results of controlled clinical trials document the superior efficacy of stimulant therapy over nonpharmacologic interventions in elementary-school-aged children with ADHD. Effective nonstimulant therapies include atomoxetine, bupropion, and tricyclic antidepressants. Copyright © 2005, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychoeducational programs for patients with epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy is a common neurological disease, which affects people of all ages. Patients often have deficits regarding their knowledge of epilepsy. Many of them have recurrent seizures, psychosocial, and emotional problems and report restrictions in daily living as a result of their epilepsy. Meanwhile, a variety of psychoeducational programs have been developed with the intention to improve knowledge, coping with epilepsy, quality of life, compliance, and health status. This review article discusses the content and designs of formal patient educational programs for persons with epilepsy and reviews their role in improving patient outcomes. A systematic research of medical and psychological literature reveals that a sizeable amount of literature has been produced within the last decade that focuses on (psycho-) educational programs for adults, adolescents, and children with epilepsy as well as their families. These educational programs vary considerably in regard to content, didactic approach, and objectives. It is sometimes difficult to differentiate educational programs from psychological treatments or other interventions (e.g. by specialist epilepsy nurses). Information given about the theoretical frameworks guiding interventions, teaching strategies, and methodological approach of the programs is often sparse or lacking. The crucial point is that only very few educational programs have been evaluated in a randomized controlled trial. Furthermore, the methods of evaluation (e.g. questionnaires, inclusion and exclusion criteria, randomization, follow-up period) vary substantially and sometimes the number of subjects included in the study is too small for sufficient statistical evaluation. Overall, from the small number of evaluated programs it is evident that educational programs can improve epilepsy-related knowledge, improve the management of seizures, and reduce misinformation and misconceptions about epilepsy. They can support adults, adolescents, and children with epilepsy and their families and enable them to cope with the disease; they can sometimes also reduce seizure frequency and improve compliance with antiepileptic drugs. The effects on emotional disorders (e.g. depression) and quality of life are less obvious. Evaluated or standardized psychoeducational programs are available for specific target groups of patients with epilepsy. The review indicates that it is reasonable to perform or to adapt these educational programs for the benefit of the patients. Future research should focus on controlled evaluation studies of educational programs. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
First-episode schizophrenia: A focus on pharmacological treatment and safety considerations$$$ Schizophrenia is a debilitating disorder, which is usually chronic, and is one of the most devastating medical illnesses. Early and appropriate treatment with antipsychotics is an important strategy for patients with first-episode schizophrenia. However, there are many possible safety issues for patients with schizophrenia that should be considered and properly addressed. Depressive symptoms and suicidal behaviour commonly occur in first-episode schizophrenic patients, and every effort should be made to treat and minimise these symptoms. There are also important issues and considerations in young and first-episode patients that should also be considered in the emergency treatment setting and for minimising medication nonadherence in this population. Most importantly, adverse effects should be considered, minimised and addressed. While first- and second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) both appear to offer similar efficacy for amelioration of positive symptoms in first-episode patients, SGAs may offer better tolerability, specifically regarding extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS) and tardive dyskinesia risk, and some prolactin-sparing benefits. However, these medications do cause a host of adverse effects, including weight gain, metabolic disturbances, corrected QT interval prolongation and prolactin-related adverse effects, which are important considerations relating to both the short- and long-term safety of patients with schizophrenia being treated with SGAs. Clozapine and olanzapine are most likely to cause weight gain and metabolic effects, while risperidone is more likely to cause EPS and prolactin elevations. Most antipsychotics should be used in low doses to minimise adverse effects and each medication should be optimised in a highly individualised way to maximise adherence and treatment outcomes and minimise tolerability and safety concerns. At some point in their lives, these patients will most probably experience periods of depression, suicidal behaviours, adverse effects and nonadherence, and every effort should be made to minimise or prevent these from occurring. Thus, safety concerns in this group of young patients, in the beginning of their first psychotic episode, are a major issue as they are starting a journey of antipsychotic treatment that is likely to last for the remainder of their lives. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Blast from the past: The Aluminum's ghost on the Lanthanum salts$$$ Hyperphosphatemia is a common serious complication of chronic renal diseases, which needs appropriate continuous treatment in order to avoid ominous side effects. Therefore, oral chelating agents able to avoid phosphate absorption by the gut are mandatory. In the past, Aluminium salts, and more recently Calcium and Magnesium salts, and a synthetic resin polyallylamine hydrochloride have been employed, but Aluminium was later abandoned, because it has been a silent killer of many uremic patients, due to subtle absorption eventually leading to toxicity on Central Nervous System and bone, with allucinations, seizures, dementia, and osteomalacia, bone pain, fracturing osteodystrophy, and death. Recently, a new chelating agent able to bind dietary phosphate, namely Lanthanum carbonate has been introduced, with a proven efficacy profile for short-term treatment. However, after careful examination of the very few scientific papers available to date, we strongly advise caution before adopting, at present, lanthanum carbonate as a phosphate binder in uremic patients. In fact, notwithstanding minimized, some data are worrying: first, Lanthanum ions are absorbed, though at a minimal extent, by human gut; 2) pharmacokinetic evaluations show a greater exposure to Lanthanum in uremic patients;3) Lanthanum concentration is increased tenfold in blood and fivefold in bone after short-term supplementation in uremic patients; 4) there is no proofs that Lanthanum cannot cross the blood brain barrier in uremic patients; 5)Lanthanum has many biological effects and is potentially highly toxic. The Aluminum story should serve as cautionary tale when considering the use of new metal ions. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Herbal remedies in gastroenterology$$$ Complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) is presently not considered to be part of conventional medicine. Nevertheless, an estimated 51% of patients with gastrointestinal disorders have tried some from of CAM. Indeed, 10% of alternative medicines are being used for digestive symptoms. After prayer or spiritual healing, herbal medicine is the second most common CAM therapy. While herbal products make numerous health-related claims, those that have been systematically evaluated are unfortunately few. The modern gastroenterologist must be up to date with the regulations, side effects, and possible benefits of specific herbal products used in patients with gastrointestinal disorders. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Cannabinoids as potential anti-epileptic drugs$$$ Cannabinoids have long been recognized as having the potential for both anticonvulsant and proconvulsant effects. The increased understanding of the cannabinoid receptors and their endogenous ligands over the last decade has provided a potential mechanism of action for these apparently paradoxical effects. Although the anticonvulsant effects of cannabinoids appear to be mediated by their action at presynaptic cannabinoid receptors, which inhibit the release of excitatory neurotransmitters such as glutamate, it is clear that they are also capable of producing proconvulsant effects through the activation of cannabinoid receptors on terminals releasing inhibitory neurotransmitters, such as γ-amino-butyric acid. In the brain, the activation of cannabinoid receptors is carefully controlled by the rapid synthesis and degradation of endocannabinoids in a way that targets the endogenous ligands to specific sets of cannabinoid receptors. The potential problem in delivering a cannabinoid drug to treat epilepsy is the inability to control its actions at different cannabinoid receptors regulating the release of different neurotransmitters. Since the action of cannabinoids is complex, and there is a dearth of clinical trial data. it is currently unclear whether cannabinoids might be both efficacious and safe in the treatment of epilepsy. ER  - 
A potassium channel, the M-channel, as a therapeutic target$$$ Compounds that stimulate or inhibit M-channels (ie, voltage-gated potassium channels formed by KCNQ2, KCNQ3 and KCNQ5) have been evaluated in clinical trials for epilepsy, stroke and Alzheimer's disease. The importance of M-channel function in reducing neuronal excitability is underscored by the finding that KCNQ2/3 mutations causing mild reduction of M-channel activity are linked to neonatal epilepsy. M-channel openers decrease the hyperexcitability responsible for epileptic seizures, neuropathic pain and migraine. Conversely, M-channel blockers may enhance cognitive functions. The M-channel has thus emerged as a promising target for treating epilepsy, stroke, migraine, pain, dementia, anxiety and bipolar disorder. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Drug treatments for subjective tinnitus: Serendipitous discovery versus rational drug design$$$ Progress has been made in understanding the neural basis of subjective tinnitus (ST); however, this has not, as yet, translated into many new drug treatments. One reason for this is that realistic behavioral models of ST in animals have been developed only recently, and are still not widely used. Nonetheless, some significant pharmacological advances have been made. At present, there is evidence to support the efficacy of transtympanic gentamicin administration in the treatment of tinnitus associated with Meniere's disease; there is also some evidence to support the efficacy of intratympanic steroid and lidocaine application in the management of ST. Although benzodiazepines and anti-epileptic drugs appear to be effective in many cases of this condition, there is concern about their adverse side effect profile. Based on well-controlled clinical trials, vasodilators such as misoprostol, and histamine receptor ligands should be further investigated. Finally, given the evidence that ST is a form of sensory epilepsy, new antiepileptic drugs should be tested for potential efficacy as they are developed, such drugs may include novel N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonists, as well as cannabinoids. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Brivaracetam UCB$$$ Brivaracetam (UCB-34714), an orally active, high-affinity synaptic vesicle protein 2A ligand, is being developed by UCB for the potential treatment of neurological disorders, namely epilepsy and neuropathic pain. By December 2003, UCB reported that phase II epilepsy trials had begun [517569]. © The Thomson Corporation. ER  - 
Recognition and optimal management of schizophrenia and related psychoses$$$ Schizophrenia continues to remain one of the major unsolved conditions of our time, contributing significantly to causes of disability worldwide. Advances in neuroimaging have demonstrated that schizophrenia appears to be primarily a neurodevelopmental disorder. The dopamine theory of schizophrenia continues to hold sway but interest is growing in the role of other neurotransmitters. Genetic linkage studies continue to suggest that specific chromosomes have a role in the aetiology of the condition but the findings are, as yet, inconsistent. A new generation of drug therapies and reforms of the mental health system have meant that it is now possible to treat the majority of those with this condition in the community albeit, in some instances, against their will. The medical complications of both the disorder, the lifestyle changes resulting from the disorder and the new and older medications have come to prominence in recent years. The development of guidelines for treatment has the potential to reduce the variability in clinical practice that currently exists in the management of the condition. ER  - 
Kidney injury from alternative medicines$$$ In the developing world, up to 80% of the population uses traditional medicine for primary health care. In industrialized countries, adaptations of traditional medicine, termed "complementary" or " alternative" medicine (CAM), are used by a growing number of patients for preventive or palliative care. However, alternative medicine (AM) may be an important risk for the development of acute and chronic kidney injury because of several factors: nonconventional preparations rarely meet the required essential standards of consistency in composition and biological activity; many of these products contain undisclosed over-the-counter or prescription drugs or can be adulterated with hormones and glandular extracts; herbal preparations can be contaminated by pesticides and heavy metals; and because of errors in plant identification and confusing terminology, opportunities for mistakes and deliberate substitution can occur. Furthermore, there is a lack of reports of adverse events and drug interactions because of a lack of professional surveillance, and specific data on systemic and kidney toxicity are not easily available. Kidney injury/kidney syndromes caused by AM consist of acute tubular necrosis/toxicity (eg, Fanconi's syndrome), acute interstitial nephritis, papillary necrosis, hypertension, kidney stones, urinary retention, chronic tubulointerstitial nephritis with fibrosis, urinary tract carcinoma, and acute rejection of the kidney transplant. To improve the care for patients using AM, extension of physicians' knowledge about its possible hazards and toxicity is essential. This review deals with acute and chronic kidney toxicity caused by animal-, plant-, and mineral-based, nonconventional medicine and kidney failure caused by drug interactions with AM. © 2005 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc. ER  - 
A review of clozapine safety$$$ Clozapine is a distinctive antipsychotic agent, having a unique clinical profile and an idiosyncratic safety profile. More so than with other agents, the weighting of its adverse event profile is critical, in order to counterbalance its clear clinical advantages. The safety issues with clozapine are in a number of areas, some of which are considered medical emergencies and potentially life-threatening. These include haematological (neutropenia and agranulocytosis), CNS (seizures), cardiovascular (myocarditis and cardiomyopathy), metabolic (diabetes), gastrointestinal and neuromuscular. Understanding the safety profile of clozapine allows an informed use of the agent that can maximise its clear clinical benefit and minimise the known risks. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of psychosis in elderly people$$$ Psychotic symptoms in elderly people can be seen in a variety of conditions. This article reviews treatment strategies (both pharmacological and non-pharmacological) for such symptoms in schizophrenia and neurodegenerative disorders in this population. Traditionally, antipsychotics have been the most commonly used treatment for psychotic symptoms. Their usefulness in treating schizophrenia, both chronic and late onset, is well established and the atypical antipsychotics, which have a better side-effect profile, are more suitable for elderly people. More recently, there have been increasing concerns about their safety in psychoses due to dementia. The debate about whether an absolute ban on their use is required is still ongoing, but it has highlighted the need for adopting and developing non-pharmacological interventions. ER  - 
Absences as differential diagnosis in children with attention-deficit disorder$$$ Objectives: Absences are regarded as one of the most important differential diagnosis of attention and resulting school-problems. Attention deficit-symptoms might develop through absences, even though there is no diagnosis of attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder or attention-deficit disorder (ADHD or ADD). Routine EEG-wavings are made, in order to exclude epilepsy as a reason for attention-deficits. Methods: In this paper the EEGs of 8132 male and female children and adolescents from two hospitals for child and adolescent psychiatry were analyzed retrospectively. The aim of the study was to assess how many patients with absences do occur and whether they do present a specific psychopathology. Results: In summary for the first time diagnosed absences occurred in 0.44% (N = 12) of the patients in the first centre and in none of the patients in the second centre. The average age was 9.5 years. 50% of the patients were diagnosed with ADHD. A specific psychopathology of the patients was not found. Conclusions: There is a minimal occurrence of absences in child and adolescent patients. Therefore it is not a main differential diagnosis, that has to be considered in children with attention-deficit problems. Due to the late age at the time of diagnosis and the possible good treatability with antiepileptics, it is nevertheless important to regard absences as a rare differential diagnosis. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Clinical assessment and treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults$$$ Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common childhood disorder that frequently persists into adulthood, with significant levels of inattentive, hyperactive and impulsive behavior. Impairments associated with adult ADHD include distress from the symptoms, impaired ability to function in work and academic settings, and problems sustaining stable relationships. The disorder is commonly associated with volatile moods, antisocial behavior, and drug and alcohol misuse. There is an increased risk of developing comorbid anxiety, depression, personality disorders, and drug and alcohol dependence. Despite the proven effectiveness of drugs such as methylphenidate, dexamphetamine and atomoxetine, few cases of ADHD are recognized and treated in the UK. The reasons for this are unclear, since most psychiatrists working with children and adolescents are aware that ADHD commonly persists into adult life and they also see the disorder affecting parents of children with ADHD. Issues of transition from the care of child to adult psychiatry and the need to refer adult relatives of children with ADHD to suitable psychiatric services are a major concern. Furthermore, many cases of adult ADHD go unrecognized or are seen by mental health teams that are not familiar with the subtleties of the adult presentation. As a result, misdiagnosis and treatment for conditions such as atypical depression, mixed affective disorder, cyclothymia, and borderline and unstable emotional personality disorders is not uncommon. There is therefore a requirement for further training in this area. This review will describe the common clinical presentation and provide guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of ADHD in adults. Any psychiatrically trained physician using standard psychiatric assessment procedures can perform clinical evaluations for adult ADHD. As with other psychiatric disorders in adulthood, ADHD has its own characteristic onset, course and psychopathology. Symptoms of ADHD are trait-like, being stable characteristics from early childhood, and commonly co-occur with affective instability. Stimulants are the mainstay of treatment and are effective in around 70% of cases. Psychotherapeutic interventions also have an important role. These guidelines will assist psychiatrists and other adult mental health workers in identifying and treating individuals with adult ADHD. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Lamotrigine in the treatment of bipolar disorder$$$ Lamotrigine is a novel anticonvulsant agent that has recently been introduced as a long-term treatment in bipolar disorder. Its role in the treatment of epilepsy is based on its actions to decrease ion channel conductance and antagonise glutamatergic function. Therefore, it has a mode of action unlike other agents used on a long-term basis in mood disorders. The evidence for efficacy is stronger for the prevention of depressive, rather than manic, episodes. The pivotal trials are in bipolar I disorder, but there is interest in its actions in patients with bipolar II and spectrum conditions. Its efficacy in other psychiatric conditions remains to be properly established. It is well tolerated and, with careful prescribing, the incidence of rash occurs no more than with placebo; however this is still a concern. Although usually well tolerated, headache, insomnia and drowsiness are probably the most common side effects. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Oral contraceptives and DDAVP nasal spray: Patterns of use in managing vWD-associated menorrhagia: A single-institution study$$$ The purpose of this study was to examine patterns of use for oral contraceptive and desmopressin acetate nasal spray, both used in managing menorrhagia in adolescents with von Willebrand disease (vWD). Hospital records of adolescents with documented vWD and menorrhagia were reviewed retrospectively. Subjects with vWD type I (n = 36) administered either oral contraceptives (OC) or intranasal desmopressin acetate (DDAVP) and followed from 6 months to 4 years were selected for inclusion. Treatment outcomes were examined with respect to effectiveness and safety. Assessing menstrual blood loss using PBAC scores from pretreatment and treatment periods determined effectiveness. Safety was evaluated by monitoring reported adverse events. No significant differences were identified in treatment effectiveness for controlling menorrhagia in vWD adolescents in the OC and intranasal DDAVP group comparisons: 86% versus 77% (P > 0.05), respectively. When combining both treatment groups, the majority of vWD adolescents, 81% (P > 0.05), experienced alleviation of menorrhagia symptoms. Treatment failures were attributed to either the inability of a regimen to control bleeding or to adverse events, including severe headaches and flushing with DDAVP. Safety outcomes were not significantly greater in vWD patients with menorrhagia when OC were compared with intranasal DDAVP. Both medical approaches, OC and DDAVP nasal spray, used in managing menorrhagia in adolescents with documented type I vWD were well tolerated and showed equivalent effectiveness, and no serious adverse events were reported. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Safety and tolerability of duloxetine in the treatment of major depressive disorder: Analysis of pooled data from eight placebo-controlled clinical trials$$$ Objective: To examine the safety and tolerability of the antidepressant duloxetine across multiple studies for major depressive disorder (MDD). Method: Safety data were integrated from the acute phases of eight double-blind, placebo-controlled trials in which patients were randomized to duloxetine (40-120 mg/d; n = 1139) or placebo (n = 777) for up to 9 weeks. This data set included all acute-phase clinical trials that formed the basis of the New Drug Application (United States) or European Union submission package for duloxetine in the treatment of MDD. Two studies included continuation phases in which acute treatment responders received duloxetine or placebo for an additional 26 weeks. Safety assessments included serious adverse event reports, rates of discontinuation, spontaneously reported treatment-emergent adverse events, changes in vital signs and laboratory values, and electrocardiograms. Results: The rates of serious adverse events for duloxetine- and placebo-treated patients were 0.3% and 0.6%, respectively (p = 0.282). Adverse events led to discontinuation in 9.7% of duloxetine-treated patients, compared with 4.2% of patients receiving placebo (p < 0.001). Treatment-emergent adverse events with an incidence for duloxetine ≥ 5.0% and significantly greater than placebo were nausea, dry mouth, constipation, insomnia, dizziness, fatigue, somnolence, increased sweating and decreased appetite. Mean changes in blood pressure and heart rate were small, and the incidence of increases above normal ranges was low. Duloxetine-treated patients had a mean decrease in weight of 0.5 kg compared with an increase of 0.2 kg for patients receiving placebo (p < 0.001). No significant differences were found between duloxetine and placebo in the incidence of potentially clinically significant laboratory values at anytime while on treatment. Conclusion: These results are consistent with those obtained previously from smaller pooled data sets, and suggest that duloxetine is safe and well tolerated in patients with MDD. Copyright © 2005 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Nephrotic syndrome in children$$$ Nephrotic syndrome is an important chronic disease in children, characterized by minimal change disease in the majority. Research on pathogenesis has emphasized the importance of T lymphocyte dysregulation and vascular permeability factors that might alter podocyte function and permselectivity. While mutations in genes that encode important podocyte proteins have also been identified, a hypothesis unifying available evidence on pathogenesis is yet to be proposed. Patients with nephrotic syndrome are at risk for life threatening infections and thromboembolic episodes. Long-term effects of persistent hyperlipidaemia and prolonged steroid therapy are increasingly recognized. Remission of proteinuria following corticosteroid therapy has greater prognostic value, in relation to long-term outcome, than the precise renal histology. Prospective studies show that prolonged duration of therapy for the initial episode results in sustained remission and reduced frequency of relapses. Treatment with levamisole, cyclophosphamide, cyclosporine and mycophenolate mofetil is beneficial in a variable proportion of patients with frequent relapses or steroid dependence. The management of steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome is difficult; most patients failing to achieve remission show progressive renal damage. Calcineurin inhibitors (cyclosporine, tacrolimus) are capable of inducing remission in a significant proportion of patients, but at risk of nephrotoxicity. Reduction of proteinuria is also possible, in children, using angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and/or angiotensin receptor blockers. Prospective trials are necessary to identify effective and safe therapies for patients with frequent relapses, steroid dependence and resistance. ER  - 
Efficacy of levetiracetam at 12 months in children classified by seizure type, cognitive status, and previous anticonvulsant drug use$$$ In a retrospective study of 59 children (ages 9 months to 23 years; mean age 11 years) with intractable epilepsy, seizure frequency was determined before and after 12 months of levetiracetam therapy. Charts were reviewed for seizure type (focal, generalized, or mixed), cognitive function (no special education versus special education), concomitant anticonvulsant medications (range 0-5), and the number of previous anticonvulsant drugs (range 1-12). Good to excellent seizure control (50-100% reduction) was attained in 6 (40%) patients with focal seizures, 16 (55%) patients with generalized seizures, and 8 (61%) patients with mixed seizures; these efficacy rates were not significantly different. The efficacy of levetiracetam was independent of cognitive status. Adverse effects were not associated with higher mean doses. This could be attributable to different rates of metabolism or represent idiosyncratic responses to the medication. Our finding that those children taking the combination of levetiracetam and zonisamide had a significantly worse outcome than those on levetiracetam and a different drug warrants further study, both clinically and from the standpoint of the mechanisms of action of levetiracetam and zonisamide and/or their pharmacodynamic interactions. ER  - 
Broad-spectrum efficacy of zonisamide at 12 months in children with intractable epilepsy$$$ In a retrospective study of 35 children (ages 8 months to 22 years; mean age 9 years) with intractable epilepsy, seizure frequency was determined before and after 12 months of zonisamide therapy. Charts were reviewed for seizure type (focal, generalized, or mixed), cognitive function (no special education versus special education), concomitant anticonvulsant medications, and the number of previous anticonvulsant drugs. Good to excellent seizure control (50-100% reduction) was attained in seven (54%) patients with generalized seizures, two (40%) patients with focal seizures, five (35%) patients with mixed seizures, and one (33%) patient with infantile spasms. In this group of children, the efficacy of zonisamide was comparable for focal, generalized, and mixed seizures. The efficacy of zonisamide was independent of cognitive status. Adverse effects were not associated with a higher mean dose. This could be attributable to different rates of metabolism or represent idiosyncratic responses to the medication. Our finding that those children taking the combination of zonisamide and levetiracetam had a significantly worse outcome than those on levetiracetam and a different drug warrants further study, both clinically and from the standpoint of mechanisms of action of zonisamide and levetiracetam and/or their pharmacodynamic interactions. ER  - 
Aripiprazole in children and adolescents: Clinical experience$$$ Despite few supportive data, aripiprazole was being administered to children and adolescents for management of mood instability, aggression, and psychosis. Using a retrospective review (n = 11) and prospective recruitment (n = 6), 17 children and adolescents received aripiprazole 5 to 20 mg/day. Only 4 of 16 bipolar and autistic subjects (25%) demonstrated reduced aggression without adverse events, and the symptoms of 2 of 4 psychotic subjects improved. Coadministration of sedative medications (particularly guanfacine or clonidine) and weight < 58 kg increased the risk of adverse events, such as increased lability and aggression. All three children < 8.6 years old, all four children < 34 kg, and all five children receiving α2-agonists developed adverse events prior to clinical efficacy. Age > 11 years, weight > 58 kg, and absence of sedative medications were associated with a 56% (five of nine) success rate. Until larger, prospective studies are completed, caution is advised when considering aripiprazole for smaller children and children receiving sedative medications. ER  - 
Pharmacologic advances in the systemic treatment of itch$$$ Itch is propagated by complex mechanisms located both peripherally and within the central nervous system. For decades, novel treatments of itch have been slow to emerge, with the majority of focus on antagonism of histamine. Recently, with a new understanding of the pathophysiology of itch transmission, new treatment strategies have been elucidated. Opiate receptor antagonists, antidepressants, antiepileptics, and thalidomide are currently available therapeutic options that have benefited many patients with variegated sources of itch. In addition, research focused on the neuromediators of itch transmission has led to the development of novel targets for itch reduction and great potential for future therapies. Copyright © Blackwell Publishing, Inc., 2005. ER  - 
Current treatments of epilepsy$$$ Medical therapy is the mainstay for epilepsy, with most patients well controlled on a single antiepileptic drug (AED). In this non-refractory group, many patients have medication side effects and occasional seizures. Approximately 30% of patients with partial epilepsy and 25% of patients with generalized epilepsy are not well controlled on medications. These patients are often receiving multiple AEDs, with disabling seizures and side effects. Although second-generation AEDs are safer and better tolerated than the older AEDs, there are scant data to support significant advantages in efficacy. In VA studies with older AEDS, therapy with two AEDs improved seizure control in 40% of patients but seizure freedom was achieved in only 9%. A meta-analysis of the second-generation AEDs used as adjunctive therapies shows that 12% to 29% of patients had a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency. Surgery and the vagus nerve stimulator provide important therapeutic options in patients whose seizures are not controlled by AEDs. Special considerations about epilepsy care must be made in pediatric populations, those with developmental delays, women, and the elderly. Copyright © 2005 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Characteristics of neuropsychiatric impairment symptoms in patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome$$$ Background: Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS),an acute infection with a mutant coronavirus,is characterized by acute pulmonary inflammatory injury accompanied by possible multiple organ injuries. Besides somatic symptoms,affective disorder constitutes an obvious neuropsychiatric symptom in SARS patients. Objective: To analyze the clinical features of SARS with neuropsychiatric involvement. Design: A retrospective case analysis. Setting: Department of Neurology,Department of Respiratory Diseases and Department of Radiology of Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University. Participants: Totally 325 SARS patients treated in the Second Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University and the 8th People's Hospital of Guangzhou from February 2003 to May 2003 were involved,including 173 cases who developed neuropsychiatric symptoms. Methods: The clinical data of 325 of SARS including 173 cases with neuropsychiatric symptoms were retrospectively analyzed. Main outcome measures: Clinical neuropsychiatric symptoms, ophthalmoscopic examination,and pathological findings in autopsy. Results: 1The incidence of neuropsychiatric involvement was about 53.2% in SARS patients.The manifestations consisted mostly of headache (67.1%),dizziness(28.9%),conscious-ness disturbance(10.4%),mental disorder (4.6%), local orientational disorder(0.6%),seizures(1.2%),and affective disorders (30.6%);anxiety occurred in 20.2%,depression in 6.4%,suicidal tendency in 1.2%,and phobia in 7.5% of the patients with neuropsychiatric involvement. 2Among the 325 patients,56 were in critical condition of whom 47 had accompanying neuropsychiatric impairment,with significantly greater incidence than that in mild cases (P< 0.01). 3Ophthalmoscopic examination performed in 4 patients showed blurred margin of the optic disc with retinal venous congestion. 4Autopsy in 2 cases identified edema of the perivascular tissue and vascular wall of the small veins with mononuclear cell and lymphocyte infiltration,neuron degeneration and demyelination in focal brain tissues. Conclusion: The manifestations of neuropsychiatric involement can vary in association with the severity of SARS,and the typical pathological changes include edema,neuronal demyelination etc.in the brain. ER  - 
Modern antipsychotic drugs: A critical overview$$$ Conventional antipsychotic drugs, used for a half century to treat a range of major psychiatric disorders, are being replaced in clinical practice by modern "atypical" antipsychotics, including aripiprazole, clozapine, olanzapine, quetiapine, risperidone and ziprasidone among others. As a class, the newer drugs have been promoted as being broadly clinically superior, but the evidence for this is problematic. In this brief critical overview, we consider the pharmacology, therapeutic effectiveness, tolerability, adverse effects and costs of individual modern agents versus older antipsychotic drugs. Because of typically minor differences between agents in clinical effectiveness and tolerability, and because of growing concerns about potential adverse long-term health consequences of some modern agents, it is reasonable to consider both older and newer drugs for clinical use, and it is important to inform patients of relative benefits, risks and costs of specific choices. © 2005 CMA Media Inc. or its licensors. ER  - 
Effectiveness of treatments for depression in older people$$$ Objective: To conduct a systematic review of the evidence for the effectiveness of a range of possible-treatments for depression in older people. Data sources: Literature search using the PubMed, PsycInfo and Cochrane Library databases. Data synthesis: Treatments that have been suggested to be effective for depression were grouped under three categories: medical treatments, psychological treatments, and lifestyle changes/alternative treatments. We describe each treatment, review the studies of its effectiveness in people aged ≥ 60 years, and give a rating of the level of evidence. Conclusions: The treatments with the best evidence of effectiveness are antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy, cognitive behaviour therapy, psychodynamic psychotherapy, reminiscence therapy, problem-solving therapy, bibliotherapy (for mild to moderate depression) and exercise. There is limited evidence to support the effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation, dialectical behaviour therapy, interpersonal therapy, light therapy (for people in nursing homes or hospitals), St John's wort and folate in reducing depressive symptoms. ER  - 
GABAA receptor channel pharmacology$$$ GABAA receptor channels are ubiquitous in the mammalian central nervous system mediating fast inhibitory neurotransmission by becoming permeant to chloride ions in response to GABA. The emphasis of this review is on the rich chemical diversity of ligands that influence GABAA receptor function. Such diversity provides many avenues for the design and development of new chemical entities acting on GABAA receptors. There is also a significant diversity of GABAA receptor subtypes composed of different protein subunits. The discovery of subtype specific agents is a major challenge in the continuing development of GABAA receptor pharmacology. Leads for the discovery of new chemical entities that influence GABAA receptors come from using recombinant GABAA receptors of known subunit composition as has been elegantly demonstrated by the refining of benzodiazepine actions with α1 subunit preferring agents showing sedative properties but not anxiolytic properties. The most recent advances in the therapeutic use of agents acting on GABAA receptors concern the promotion of sound sleep. Many herbal medicines are used to promote sleep and many of their active ingredients include flavonoids and terpenoids known to modulate GABAA receptor function. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Effect of orlistat on weight and body composition in obese adolescents: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Context: The prevalence of overweight and obesity in children and adolescents is increasing rapidly. In this population, behavioral therapy alone has had limited success in providing meaningful, sustained weight reduction, and pharmacological treatment has not been extensively studied. Objective: To determine the efficacy and safety of orlistat in weight management of adolescents. Design, Setting, and Patients: Multicenter, 54-week (August 2000-October 2002), randomized, double-blind study of 539 obese adolescents (aged 12-16 years; body mass index [BMI]≥2 units above the 95th percentile) at 32 centers in the United States and Canada. Interventions: A 120-mg dose of orlistat (n=357) or placebo (n=182) 3 times daily for 1 year, plus a mildly hypocaloric diet (30% fat calories), exercise, and behavioral therapy. Main Outcome Measures: Change in BMI; secondary measures included changes in waist and hip circumference, weight loss, lipid measurements, and glucose and insulin responses to oral glucose challenge. Results: There was a decrease in BMI in both treatment groups up to week 12, thereafter stabilizing with orlistat but increasing beyond baseline with placebo. At the end of the study, BMI had decreased by 0.55 with orlistat but increased by 0.31 with placebo (P=.001). Compared with 15.7% of the placebo group, 26.5% of participants taking orlistat had a 5% or higher decrease in BMI (P=.005); 4.5% and 13.3%, respectively, had a 10% or higher decrease in BMI (P=.002). At study end, weight had increased 0.53 kg with orlistat and 3.14 kg with placebo (P<.001). Dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry showed that this difference was explained by changes in fat mass. Waist circumference decreased in the orlistat group but increased in the placebo group (-1.33 cm vs +0.12 cm; P<.05). Generally mild to moderate gastrointestinal tract adverse events occurred in 9% to 50% of the orlistat group and in 1% to 13% of the placebo group. Conclusions: In combination with diet, exercise, and behavioral modification, orlistat statistically significantly improved weight management in obese adolescents compared with placebo. The use of orlistat for 1 year in this adolescent population did not raise major safety issues although gastrointestinal adverse events were more common in the orlistat group. ©2005 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Immediate versus deferred antiepileptic drug treatment for early epilepsy and single seizures: A randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: The relative risks and benefits of starting or withholding antiepileptic drug treatment in patients with few or infrequent seizures are unclear. We sought to compare policies of immediate versus deferred treatment in such patients and to assess the effects of these policies on short-term recurrence and long-term outcomes. Methods: We undertook an unmasked, multicentre, randomised study of immediate and deferred antiepileptic drug treatment in 1847 patients with single seizures and early epilepsy. Outcomes comprised time to first, second, and fifth seizures; time to 2-year remission; no seizures between years 1 and 3 and between years 3 and 5 after randomisation; and quality of life. Analysis was by intention to treat. Findings: 404 patients invited to join the trial did not consent to randomisation; 722 were subsequently assigned immediate treatment with antiepileptic drugs and 721 were assigned deferred treatment. Immediate treatment increased time to first seizure (hazard ratio 1.4 [95% CI 1.2 to 1.7]), second seizure (1.3 [1.1 to 1.6]), and first tonic-clonic seizure (1.5 [1.2 to 1.8]). It also reduced the time to achieve 2-year remission of seizures (p=0.023). At 5-years follow-up, 76% of patients in the immediate treatment group and 77% of those in the deferred treatment group were seizure free between 3 and 5 years after randomisation (difference -0.2% [95% CI -5.8% to 5.5%]). The two policies did not differ with respect to quality of life outcomes or serious complications. Interpretation: Immediate antiepileptic drug treatment reduces the occurrence of seizures in the next 1-2 years, but does not affect long-term remission in individuals with single or infrequent seizures. ER  - 
Lack of pharmacokinetic interactions between steady-state zonisamide and valproic acid in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objectives: This study evaluated the effect of the addition of zonisamide on valproic acid (valproate sodium) pharmacokinetics under steady-state conditions in patients with epilepsy. A second aim was to characterise zonisamide pharmacokinetics in the presence of valproic acid. Methods: Twenty-two patients (males and females, 18-55 years of age) with their seizure disorder stabilised on valproic acid monotherapy were included in a two-centre, open-label, one-way drug-interaction trial. The zonisamide dose was gradually increased from 100mg/day to 400 mg/day. Three pharmacokinetic profiles were obtained: on days -7 and -1, to assess pharmacokinetic parameters of oral valproic acid administered alone, and on day 35, after 14 days of zonisamide treatment at the maximal tolerated dose, to evaluate the effect of zonisamide on valproic acid pharmacokinetics and to characterise zonisamide pharmacokinetics in the presence of valproic acid. Results: Seventeen patients completed the study, with 16 patients contributing to the pharmacokinetic analyses. Coadministration of zonisamide and valproic acid appeared reasonably well tolerated. Steady-state dosing of zonisamide (200mg twice daily) had no statistically significant effect on the mean (± SD) maximum observed plasma concentration (Cmax) [70.8 ± 20.5 vs 69.2 ± 27.0 μg/mL], area under the plasma concentration-time curve from the time of dosing to 12 hours post-dose (AUC12) [689.3 ± 250.4 vs 661.8 ± 251.3 μg · h/mL] or other evaluated pharmacokinetic parameters for valproic acid measured before and after zonisamide administration. Furthermore, 90% confidence intervals for the ratio of the geometric means (day 35/day -1) of valproic acid pharmacokinetic exposure measures fell only slightly outside the 'no effect' range of 0.80-1.25. In the presence of valproic acid, mean zonisamide oral clearance (1.23 L/h) and elimination half-life (52.5 hours) are generally consistent with values reported for healthy volunteers receiving zonisamide monotherapy. Conclusion: There is no apparent clinically significant effect of steady-state dosing of zonisamide on valproic acid pharmacokinetics, and valproic acid did not appear to affect the pharmacokinetics of zonisamide, indicating that no dosage adjustment of either drug should be required when they are used in combination in patients with epilepsy. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Tramadol exposures reported to statewide poison control system$$$ BACKGROUND: Tramadol is a unique analgesic that has been associated with seizures on overdose. OBJECTIVE: To determine the toxic effects associated with tramadol exposure. METHODS: A retrospective chart review of tramadol exposures reported to a multisite, state-wide poison control system over a 2.5-year period was performed. RESULTS: A total of 602 cases were retrieved; 190 had sufficient data for study evaluation. Cases with coingestants or unknown outcomes were eliminated. Of the 190 remaining cases, 55% were females. Acute ingestions represented 90.0%, chronic ingestions 7.9%, and acute on chronic 2.1 % of the overdoses. Ages of the patients ranged from 9 months to 80 years. Suicide attempts represented the largest group of exposures. Main symptoms included central nervous system (CNS) depression (27.4%), nausea and vomiting (21.1%), tachycardia (17.4%), and seizures (13.7%). Dosage ranged from a taste amount to 5000 mg. The smallest amount of tramadol associated with seizure was 200 mg, and 84.6% of seizures occurred within 6 hours of time of ingestion. Logistic regression analysis showed an association between seizures and tramadol use in males, chronic use, suicide attempts, intentional abuse or misuse, and tachycardia (HR >100 beats/min). No effect was seen in 36.3% of patients, minor effects in 43.7%, moderate effects in 19.5%, and major effects in 0.5%. Symptoms resolved within 24 hours in 96.7% of the 121 patients who had symptoms. Naloxone improved CNS depression in 7 of 8 patients in whom a response was documented. CONCLUSIONS: Tramadol overdoses frequently cause CNS depression, nausea/vomiting, tachycardia, and seizures. Symptoms generally resolve within 24 hours. Accidental ingestions in children were well tolerated, primarily causing sedation. ER  - 
Nelarabine: A nucleoside analog with efficacy in T-cell other leukemias$$$ OBJECTIVE: To present the pharmacology and pharmacokinetics of nelarabine, 9-β-D-arabinofuranosylguanine (ara-G) and intraleukemic cellular pharmacokinetics of 9-β-D-arabinofuranosylguanine triphosphate (ara-GTP) generated from the administration of nelarabine, and clinical and safety information relative to nelarabine use in the treatment of hematologic malignancies. DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE (1966-December 2004) was searched using the English-language key terms 2-amino-6-methoxypurine arabinoside, 506U78, and nelarabine. Data were also obtained from published abstracts. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Clinical studies evaluating the pharmacokinetics of nelarabine, ara-G, and cellular ara-GTP and use of nelarabine, alone or in combination with other agents for the treatment of hematologic malignancies, were included in this review. DATA SYNTHESIS: Nelarabine is the water-soluble, 6-methoxy analog of 9-β-D-ara-G. Nelarabine is readily converted to ara-G by endogenous adenosine deaminase. The half-life of nelarabine is approximately 15 minutes compared with 2-4 hours for ara-G. The clearance of ara-G is higher in children than in adults (0.312 vs 0.213 L x h-1 x kg -1), Intracellular ara-GTP elimination is slow relative to nelarabine and ara-G. In pediatric and adult patients, neurologic toxicity is dose limiting. Severe myelosuppression was not consistently observed. Major responses were seen in patients with T-cell malignancies. Patients who responded had significantly higher intracellular ara-GTP concentrations compared with those who did not respond. CONCLUSIONS: Nelarabine is an effective ara-G prodrug. Nelarabine has significant activity against malignant T-cells and appears to be an important addition to treatments of various leukemias. ER  - 
Epoetin alfa for the treatment of combination therapy-induced hemolytic anemia in patients infected with hepatitis C virus$$$ In the United States, about 2.7 million people are chronically infected with the hepatitis C virus, accounting for nearly 1.8% of the population. The current standard of therapy is a combination of pegylated interferon products and ribavirin. A common adverse effect associated with this therapy is anemia, which is frequently referred to as mixed anemia because of the synergistic contribution of the interferons and ribavirin. The effect of ribavirin on the development of anemia is considered greater than that of interferon. The current standard of practice for treating this adverse effect is reduction of the dosages of both drugs, at prespecified hemoglobin levels. However, recent findings underscore the importance of maintaining adequate dosages of interferon and ribavirin, which may be crucial in achieving an early virologic response and a sustained virologic response in treating patients with hepatitis C infection. Treatment with epoetin alfa for this mixed anemia significantly improved hemoglobin levels and quality of life, and enabled adequate dosages of ribavirin to be maintained. Future studies should address several issues: when to start epoetin alfa treatment, the duration of treatment, the drug's optimal dosage, its effects on end-of-treatment and sustained virologic response rates, and a cost analyses. ER  - 
Antiviral therapies in children: Has their time arrived?$$$ The pace of discovery and development of new antiviral agents has increased dramatically since the 1980s. Antiviral drugs are currently available for the treatment of herpesvirus infections (HSV, VZV, CMV), respiratory virus infections (influenza A, influenza B, RSV), hepatitis virus infections (HBV, HCV), HPV infections, and HIV infections. The safety profiles of the various antiviral agents vary from drug to drug, necessitating a thorough understanding of each antiviral agent being used. Two factors that can limit the utility of antiviral drugs are toxicity and the development of antiviral resistance. The development of resistance is not a frequent issue among immunocompetent patients. Resistance most commonly develops in immunocompromised persons receiving antiviral treatment for prolonged periods. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Narcolepsy and disorders of excessive somnolence$$$ Recent studies provide valid criteria that help differentiate idiopathic narcolepsy from other disorders of excessive daytime somnolence [3]. Research to date suggests that idiopathic narcolepsy might properly be considered a disorder of excessive sleepiness with dysfunctional REM-sleep mechanisms, clinically evidenced as cataplexy and electrophysiologically recognized as SOREMPs. Given these criteria, a diagnosis can generally be made using a combination of history, PSG, and MSLT. Traditionally, the medical treatment of idiopathic narcolepsy has centered on a two-drug regimen (stimulants for sleepiness and TCAs for cataplexy and auxiliary symptoms). Some newer medications are proving efficacious for sleepiness with minimal adverse effects, whereas others may provide a single-drug regimen that simultaneously addresses sleepiness and cataplexy [18]. New research has allowed some experts to hypothesize that idiopathic narcolepsy may be the result of a genetic predisposition to autoimmune disease [176]. It is possible that aberrant genetic coding of elements in the hypocretin/orexin systems allows a sensitivity to inducible and possibly virally mediated changes, which leave cells in the lateral hypothalamus susceptible to autoimmune attack [96]. As such, genetic screening of high-risk individuals might eventually rationalize the prophylactic use of immunosuppressants in some instances. In the future, for atypical cases (poorly responsive to therapy), genetic, CSF, and brain imaging studies, and possibly even neuronal transplantation may prove beneficial in the assessment and treatment of idiopathic narcolepsy. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
NOA-03 trial of high-dose methotrexate in primary central nervous system lymphoma: Final report$$$ The NOA-03 trial explored high-dose methotrexate alone in 37 patients with primary central nervous system lymphoma. The overall median survival was 25 months. After 4 years, the rate of leukoencephalopathy in patients surviving more than 12 months was 58% with and 10% without whole-brain radiotherapy given at relapse (p = 0.11). Attention deficits were found in all six tested patients, and memory deficits in four patients. Two patients had normal, three had moderately restricted, and one had markedly restricted quality of life. Thus, high-dose methotrexate with deferred radiotherapy had only moderate efficacy and was associated with significant neurotoxicity in long-term surviving patients. © 2005 American Neurological Association. ER  - 
Medications as adjunct therapy for weight loss: Approved and off-label agents in use$$$ Although a nutritionally balanced, energy-controlled diet and regular exercise form the cornerstone of weight management, supporting therapies may include antiobesity medications when a clinician determines that pharmacologic assistance could contribute to treatment success. The US Food and Drug Administration has approved certain medications for helping achieve weight loss in patients with obesity or overweight who have comorbidities. However, some clinicians prescribe medications not approved for weight loss for this purpose. Evidence from clinical trials indicates that weight loss resulting from the use of many of these off-label pharmaceutical agents is modest, but in a range that correlates with favorable modification of cardiovascular risk factors, and significant when compared with placebo plus diet and lifestyle modification. Clinical trials also demonstrate a slight but significant effect in the weight-maintenance phases following weight loss. Pharmacotherapy alone, without behavior modification, is not effective; patients who respond to medication typically regain weight when the drug is discontinued. The fact that many weight-loss medications are sold over the Internet without a prescription suggests that they are being used without medical supervision. The purpose of this review is to present evidence for and against the obesity medications currently used in clinical practice, and the possible role for these agents in a person's overall weight loss plan. Copyright © 2005 by the American Dietetic Association. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs in mood-disordered patients$$$ Bipolar disorder is a common, recurrent, often severe mental disorder that, without adequate treatment, is associated with high rates of morbidity and mortality. We review the evidence on the efficacy of a spectrum of antiepileptic drugs (AED) in bipolar disorder. Most studies have been carried out with carbamazepine (CBZ), valproate (VPA), and lamotrigine (LTG). All three of these AEDs have been shown to be of value in the management of patients with bipolar illnesses. VPA and CBZ seem to exert stronger antimanic effects and, to a lesser degree, acute antidepressant efficacy. LTG seems to be effective against depression and mania, with a more robust activity against depression. No firm evidence supports a role for vigabatrin, tiagabine, topiramate, or levetiracetam in these disorders. © International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Depression and mania in patients with epilepsy$$$ Depression has a major impact on quality of life in patients with epilepsy and is also the main risk factor for the increased suicide rate in epilepsy. The frequency of depressive disorders depends on the severity of epilepsy and the localization of the epileptogenic focus, with a prevalence of ≤50% in patients with intractable temporal lobe epilepsy. The diagnosis of depression in epilepsy may be difficult because symptoms of depression may be fluctuating, and some symptoms, such as memory complaints, may be misinterpreted as being a consequence of drug treatment or the epilepsy per se. Affective disorders in epilepsy may differ from those seen in patients without epilepsy. A possibility exists that patients with epilepsy will develop a specific interictal dysphoric syndrome related to limbic system dysfunction. Recent epidemiologic studies suggest a bidirectional relation between depression and epilepsy. Depression does not necessarily occur after the onset of epilepsy; the sequence may as well be the other way round, suggesting a common underlying mechanism for both disorders. Classic bipolar disorder type I is rarely seen in epilepsy, and manic episodes occur almost exclusively in the setting of postictal psychosis or after epilepsy surgery. This article explores the clinical manifestations of depressive and manic disorders in epilepsy and the differences from bipolar disorder. © International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Evaluation and treatment of painful peripheral polyneuropathy$$$ Pain is a common component of sensory peripheral polyneuropathy and occurs primarily as a consequence of injury to small, unmyelinated C-fiber nerve axons. This class of fibers is particularly vulnerable to metabolic injury, and the neuropathy manifests in a length-dependent pattern. Diabetes mellitus, prediabetes associated with insulin resistance, toxins, and drugs are common causes of painful neuropathy, but a substantial percentage are idiopathic. Pathogenesis of neuropathic pain involves loss of peripheral axons and inappropriate peripheral and central adaptation of neuronal signaling to this loss. Treatment of painful neuropathy should be directed at removing the offending metabolic injury, if possible. Antiepileptic drugs, tricyclic antidepressants, opiates, and other treatments have shown efficacy in clinical trials for symptomatic relief of neuropathic pain. Copyright © 2005 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. ER  - 
Medication and toxin-induced peripheral neuropathy$$$ Medication and toxin-induced neuropathies, although uncommon, are important to identify because of potential reversibility. Numerous medications and toxins are implicated with neuropathy, but objective proof is lacking for many. Chemotherapeutic agents, nucleoside analogs, and other medications and toxins have clear causative links with neuropathy, but many agents have only rare temporal associations. Neuropathies are being recognized from new medications approved for use and other medications, which have expanded indications. Some established associations with neuropathy are less widely known while others are overestimated. Peripheral neuropathy from chronic drug exposure is more problematic to determine. Axonal pathology is most common, but some agents cause demyelination and even conduction block, mimicking immune-mediated neuropathies. Multiple and varied toxic mechanisms are implicated. Neuropathy is a dose-limiting complication of some critical treatments and preventative agents are being actively pursued. Copyright © 2005 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. ER  - 
Management of perianal Crohn's disease$$$ Perianal manifestations of Crohn's disease usually coexist with active inflammation of other primary sites of the disease. Although treatment of active proximal disease may sometimes alleviate perianal symptoms, it is reasonable to separately treat symptomatic perianal disease. The diversity of perianal manifestations in Crohn's disease mandates a tailored, individualized approach in every case. Medical therapy is the best treatment option for hemorrhoids and anal fissures. The medical management of patients with perianal Crohn's disease includes the use of systemic antibiotics, immunosuppressive agents, and infliximab. Infliximab is now recognized as a very efficacious agent for treating fistulizing Crohn's disease, including perianal fistulae. It may also reduce the need for surgical intervention in specific cases. Abscesses and fistulae are treated by control of sepsis, resolution of inflammation and optimal preservation of continence, and quality of life. Abscesses require surgical drainage that may need to be prolonged to achieve complete healing. Fistulae may be treated medically, especially in cases of concurrent proctitis. Refractory fistulae may require surgical treatment including an occasional need for fecal diversion or proctectomy. The role of new treatment options such as natalizumab and CDP571 is evolving and requires further investigation. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Tourette's syndrome$$$ Tourette's syndrome is a childhood-onset neuropsychiatric disorder characterized by multiple motor and vocal tics, frequently accompanied by symptoms of obsessiveness and/or compulsiveness, anxiety, and behavioral impulsivity. Treatment of Tourette's syndrome symptoms should be considered when symptoms cause significant functional or social impairment or pain, as occurs with self-injurious tics. Because comorbid psychiatric disorders, particularly attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and obsessive-compulsive disorder often are present, clinicians must work with affected persons and families and prioritize treatment targets based on the specific disorder-related impairment. Treatment with alpha-2 adrenergic agonists may reduce tics and improve ADHD symptoms. Effective treatment of ADHD, even with stimulant medications, in most cases does not exacerbate tics. Treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors may reduce obsessive-compulsive and anxiety symptoms, secondarily reducing tics. Neuroleptics and atypical antipsychotics may be used for severe tics, but the risk of neurologic side effects and weight gain is significantly higher. Habit reversal treatment shows promise as a nonpharmacologic intervention. Use of deep brain stimulation has produced benefit in three severely affected adults but should still be considered experimental. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Myoclonus$$$ Myoclonus is defined as sudden, brief, shock-like involuntary movements affecting one or more muscles. The term encompasses a wide range of different physiologic and pathologic processes. When evaluating a patient with myoclonus, the first step is to identify the underlying etiology. Initial treatment should be directed against any underlying toxic or metabolic conditions. Next, targeted pharmacotherapy should be chosen, principally on the basis of the probable anatomical localization. Although treatment is initiated with a single agent, polytherapy usually is necessary to achieve adequate symptomatic control. The prognosis of myoclonus is highly variable, and largely depends on the underlying cause. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Tardive dystonia$$$ Tardive dyskinesia is a movement disorder that develops after exposure to dopamine receptor blocking agents. Less well-appreciated are other, more recently described tardive syndromes that are phenomenologically distinct from tardive dyskinesia and respond to different treatments. Patients may simultaneously have more than one tardive syndrome. Major subtypes of tardive syndromes include tardive dyskinesia, characterized by orobuccolingual, truncal, or appendicular, choreiform movements; tardive dystonia, characterized by sustained, stereotyped muscle spasms of a twisting or turning character; and tardive akathisia, characterized by an inner sense of restlessness or unease. The sensation often is unpleasant and may be accompanied by repetitive, purposeless movements (stereotypies), such as pacing. Less common tardive syndromes include tardive myoclonus, tardive tourettism, and tardive tremor. Tardive syndromes often are a source of great distress and disability to patients and may be permanent, despite discontinuing the responsible medication. Prevention, early detection, and prompt management are the major clinical focus. When a patient develops a tardive syndrome appropriate actions include 1) review of the primary diagnosis that prompted starting a dopamine receptor blocking agent; 2) characterization of the movement disorder(s); 3) where possible, discontinuation of dopamine blocking agent or replacement with a less potent alternative agent; 4) gradual withdrawl of the offending drug because some patients have an exacerbation of a tardive syndrome after abrupt withdrawal; and 5) assessment of the severity of symptoms and development of a treatment plan based on the phenomenology, with the goal of maximizing patient comfort and function. Although tardive dyskinesia typically develops after chronic exposure to dopamine receptor blocking agents, it, and other variants (such as tardive dystonia) can develop very rapidly after treatment. There seems to be no minimal safe duration of exposure for the development of a tardive syndrome. It is important to recognize that anti-emetics, which are dopamine receptor blockers, such as prochlorperazine, promethazine and metoclopramide, can cause tardive syndromes. Clinicians should become familiar with antipsychotic agents that have a lower risk of causing tardive syndromes, such as clozapine, quetiapine, and olanzapine. We review treatment options for tardive dystonia. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
The treatment of pediatric migraine$$$ The management of pediatric migraine requires a balance of biobehavioral measures coupled with agents for acute treatment and, if needed, daily preventive medicines. A recent American Academy of Neurology practice parameter has critically reviewed the limited data regarding the efficacy and safety of medicines for the acute and preventive therapy of pediatric migraine. The first step is to establish the headache frequency and degree to which the migraines impact upon lifestyle and performance. The next step is to institute nonpharmacologic measures such as regulation of sleep (improved sleep hygiene), moderation of caffeine, regular exercise, and identification of provocative influences (eg, stress, foods, social pressures). A wide variety of therapeutic options exist for patients whose migraine headaches occur with sufficient frequency and severity to produce functional impairment. The most rigorously studied agents for the acute treatment of migraine are ibuprofen, acetaminophen, and sumatriptan nasal spray, all of which have shown safety and efficacy in controlled trials. Daily preventive drug therapies are warranted in about 20% to 30% of young migraine sufferers. The particular drug selected for the individual patient requires an appreciation of comorbidities such as affective or anxiety disorders, co-existent medical conditions such as asthma or diabetes, and acceptability of potential toxicities such as weight gain, sedation, or tremor. ER  - 
Pharmacological stimulant treatment of neurocognitive and functional deficits after traumatic and non-traumatic brain injury$$$ The sequelae of a traumatic or acquired brain injury may manifest itself in many ways that include decreased attention and arousal as well as cognitive, emotional and sensorimotor deficits. The discussion that follows will serve as a review of the use of stimulants in the management of patients with strokes or traumatic brain injury. The indications discussed include treating deficits in attention and arousal, as well as facilitating functional recovery. The literature cited has been derived from various research and clinical settings. After briefly reviewing, biochemistry and neuroanatomy, the paper discusses pertinent treatment issues such as the timing of initiation and discontinuation of stimulating medication with emphasis on the varied, current clinical practices. With the complexity of the various neurochemical processes that occur as a result of secondary brain damage, it would be impossible to review all potential stimulating agents in a single article. The authors' intent was to review the most commonly used neurostimulants, various intervention strategies, potential benefits and caveats and long-term outcomes with the use of these medications. © Med Sci Monit, 2005. ER  - 
A review of neuropathic pain treatments for the older adult$$$ Neuropathic pain (NP) results from injury or dysfunction in the processing of sensory information in the nervous system. It occurs in a wide array of disease processes and may involve complex management strategies. A comprehensive approach utilizing proven pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic therapies can be used to return function and improve quality of life that has been lost because of pain. In the older population, age-related physiologic and pharmacodynamic alterations, coexisting diseases, and the prevalence of polypharmacy must be considered when selecting therapies for neuropathic pain. ER  - 
Hallucinations in children and adolescents$$$ Clinicians need to consider a wide range of differential diagnoses when children and adolescents present with hallucinations. This includes considering whether it is a developmentally normal phenomenon or if there is a psychiatric, medical, or neurologic diagnosis. Nonpsychotic children with hallucinations can be differentiated from psychotic children. Nonpsychotic children who are at risk (or prodromal) for future psychosis can be differentiated from nonprodromal healthier children. We examine the epidemiology, prognosis, and neurobiological research. Lastly, we discuss treatment approaches, including medication and cognitive behavioral therapy. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric disorders at the presentation of type 2 diabetes mellitus in children$$$ Objectives: To estimate the frequency of neuropsychiatric disease (NPD) in an urban pediatric type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) population, to compare demographic characteristics of affected patients with those unaffected with NPD, and to determine the frequency of psychotropic medication treatment. Study design: Retrospective chart review of patients with T2DM at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. Results: Of 237 patients with T2DM, 46 (19.4%) were found to have NPD at the presentation of diabetes. Diagnoses by report included depression, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurodevelopmental disorders, schizophrenia, and bipolar disorder. Those affected were 63% females and 37% males, with a mean age of 14.6 yr and body mass index (BMI) of 34.3 kg/m2 at diagnosis of T2DM. Patients were 79% African American, 13% Caucasian, 4.3% Hispanic, and 4.3% Asian. There were no statistically significant differences in demographic characteristics or BMI between those affected and unaffected with NPD. Twenty-nine patients (63%) were on psychotropic medication and were prescribed 58 medications, most commonly mood stabilizers (n = 20) and atypical antipsychotics (n = 17). Conclusions: Our data reveal a high frequency of NPD among pediatric patients with T2DM at presentation to a tertiary care, urban medical center. Many affected patients are receiving psychotropic medication. These data have implications for screening regimens for pediatric populations at high risk for T2DM and for therapeutic interventions, including lifestyle measures. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005. ER  - 
Effectiveness of lamotrigine in clinical practice: Results of a retrospective population-based study$$$ Objective: Evaluation of the effectiveness of lamotrigine in a population-based cohort of epilepsy patients. Methods: Medical charts of 360 patients treated in 37 centres in The Netherlands were reviewed. Effectiveness of lamotrigine therapy was assessed during the first year of use, with patients serving as their own controls. Effectiveness was measured by reduction in seizure frequency and retention time. Results: Effectiveness could only be assessed in 165 patients; assessment in remaining patients was not possible due to various reasons, such as insufficient medical chart information. Lamotrigine was effective in 40% of patients who had been prescribed lamotrigine because of insufficient seizure control (n = 112), and 14% of these 112 patients became seizure free. Duration of epilepsy, baseline seizure frequency, valproate use, drug load and number of antiepileptic drugs (AED) used were related to effectiveness of lamotrigine. In this group, 36% continued lamotrigine (LTG) throughout the first year without experiencing a >50% seizure reduction. Lamotrigine was effective in 63% of patients who received the drug because of poor tolerability of other antiepileptic drugs (n = 53). Discussion: Lamotrigine is an effective drug in clinical practice. Use of retention time measures only may not correctly reflect the efficacy of antiepileptic drugs. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The link between mood disorders and epilepsy: Why is it important to diagnose and treat?$$$ Depression commonly is comorbid with epilepsy and, of the depressive disorders, major depression is most common. Depression is often comorbid with an anxiety disorder (eg, generalized anxiety, social phobia, post-traumatic stress disorder, panic disorder, or obsessive-compulsive disorder), in the general public and in persons with epilepsy (PWE). This discussion will focus on mood disorders in PWE and treatment options for those adult PWE with a unipolar mood disorder. The presentation of mood disorders forms a spectrum across patients. Mood disorders remain undiagnosed and undertreated in PWE, in part, because many healthcare providers think these disorders are a normal reaction to a chronic illness. However, recent epidemiologic studies suggest that the relationship may be bidirectional (ie, causal instead of merely comorbid), but the nature of this relationship is unclear. Undertreating depression in PWE not only jeopardizes patients' psychiatric health but also undermines the patients' ability to habituate to their medical illness or follow and comply with treatment regimens. Depression in epilepsy also has been shown to decrease the patient's quality of life and increase the patient's risk for suicide. Therefore, it is important to continue research into the mechanisms of mood/anxiety disorders and epilepsy and to make their diagnoses a higher priority in the management of PWE. There are limited evidence-based data for treating depression specifically in PWE. However, the psychiatric literature provides a framework for treatment strategies. As with treatment of depression in the general public, total remission is the treatment goal because residual symptoms are strong predictors of relapse. ER  - 
Evidence based guidelines for treatment of primary headaghes$$$ A proportion of headache patients should be evaluated by a neurologist. These guidelines are developed to help physicians in making appropriate choice in the work-up and treatment of headache patients. Most migraine sufferers have not been diagnosed by a physician and are not receiving medical guidance to effectively address their migraine attacks. In the past 15 years new therapies (acute and preventive) have been introduced. In migraine patients nonresponders to analgesics, especially in patients with moderate to severe migraine, triptans should be introduced. In migraine with frequent attacks or long lasting attacks, preventive treatment according to comorbid diseases should be recommended. In tension type headache, an underlying pathology should be excluded; management includes pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatment. Although rare, patients with cluster headache experience major pain and disability; in acute management oxygen inhalation or triptans are recommended, in certain cases prophylaxis is indicated. These guidelines contain classification, diagnostic criteria, and principles of management of all primary headaches. These recommendations for headache treatment are based on a comprehensive review and meta-analysis of scientific literature with regard to treatment possibilities in Croatia. ER  - 
Pharmacological management of pervasive developmental disorders$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the predictors of psychotropic medication use in children with pervasive developmental disorders (PDD) by evaluating the differences between children under treatment and or not. Method: Two hundred and fifty six children with PDD who were referred to Ankara University School of Medicine, Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Clinic between 2000-2002 were reviewed retrospectively. Sociodemographic data, PDD symptoms of children, drugs, and comorbidity were obtained by a semi-structured form. Results: Psychotropic medication was used in the 37.5% (n=96) of the patients. Atypical antipsychotics were the most preferred drugs. Hyperactivity, attention deficit, self-mutilation, eating problem, and perseveration symptoms were detected as significant predictors for drug usage. In addition, the rates of children with comorbid medical disorder, EEG abnormality and past seizure history were significantly higher in the medication using group. Conclusion: Behavioral problems were the most important factor in drug use. Children who have these symptoms and comorbid medical conditions with PDD should be evaluated throughly for drug treatment in clinical practice. ER  - 
Nicotinic agonists, antagonists, and modulators from natural sources$$$ 1. Acetylcholine receptors were initially defined as nicotinic or muscarinic, based on selective activation by two natural products, nicotine and muscarine. Several further nicotinic agonists have been discovered from natural sources, including cytisine, anatoxin, ferruginine, anabaseine, epibatidine, and epiquinamide. These have provided lead structures for the design of a wide range of synthetic agents. 2. Natural sources have also provided competitive nicotinic antagonists, such as the Erythrina alkaloids, the tubocurarines, and methyllycaconitine. Noncompetitive antagonists, such as the histrionicotoxins, various izidines, decahydroquinolines, spiropyrrolizidine oximes, pseudophrynamines, ibogaine, strychnine, cocaine, and sparteine have come from natural sources. Finally, galanthamine, codeine, and ivermectin represent positive modulators of nicotinic function, derived from natural sources. 3. Clearly, research on acetylcholine receptors and functions has been dependent on key natural products and the synthetic agents that they inspired. © 2005 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. ER  - 
Newborns and drug studies: The NICHD/FDA newborn drug development initiative$$$ Background: Progress has been made in research on the effects of drug therapy on pediatric patients, but neonates are still an understudied population. Those most likely to receive drug therapy (eg, preterm infants) are least likely to be studied. Objectives: The purposes of this article are to summarize an initiative developed jointly by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) and the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and to introduce a series of articles developed as a result of this initiative. Methods: Information for this article was gathered from the proceedings of a workshop cosponsored by the NICHD and the FDA that took place March 29 and 30,2004, in Rockville, Maryland. Results: Dosing based on use in adults and older children has resulted in adverse events among newborn infants, and may have long-term effects. Moreover, formulations appropriate for use in neonates are often unavailable, and compensatory efforts such as mixing crushed tablets into formula may interfere with accurate dose delivery. Under the Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act of 2002, government agencies work with experts in pediatrics and pediatric research to develop and prioritize a list of off-patent drugs for which pdiatric studies are urgently needed. Four such listings were published in the Federal Register from January e 2003 through January 2005. The NICHD and FDA have also initiated the Newborn Drug Development Initiative (NDDI), a multiphase program to determine gaps in knowledge concerning neonatal pharmacology and clinical trial design and to explore novel study designs for use in newborns, with the ultimate goal of increasing our knowledge about the safety and efficacy of drugs used to treat newborns. Conclusions: Most drugs used to treat newborns still lack appropriate dosing, efficacy, and safety studies in this vulnerable population. The NICHD and FDA developed the NDDI as an ongoing process to identify and suggest strategies for addressing obstacles to conducting drug trials in the newborn. Copyright © 2005 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Anesthesia and analgesia during and after surgery in neonates$$$ Background: Historically, the use of anesthetics and analgesics in neonates and infants has been based on extrapolations from studies performed in adults and older children. Over the past 20 years, there has been a growing body of research on the clinical pharmacology and clinical outcomes of these agents in neonates and infants. Objective: This article summarizes clinical pharmacology and clinical outcomes studies of opioids, opioid antagonists, sedative-hypnotics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and acetaminophen, and local anesthetics in neonates and infants to highlight gaps in the available knowledge, review some concerns about study design, and identify drugs that should receive high priority for future study. Methods: Relevant studies were identified through a search of MEDLINE and a review of textbooks, conference proceedings, and abstracts. The available literature was subjected to expert committee-based review. Conclusions: There is a growing body of information on analgesic and anesthetic pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and clinical outcomes in neonates and infants, permitting safe and effective use in some clinical settings. Major gaps in knowledge persist, however. Future research may involve a combination of clinical trials and preclinical studies in suitable infant animal surrogate models. Copyright © 2005 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Heterocyclics and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in the treatment and prevention of poststroke depression$$$ OBJECTIVES: To review the best current evidence on heterocyclic and serotonin-reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) treatments of poststroke depression (PSD). DESIGN: A literature review using multiple databases was conducted to identify randomized, controlled trials of the treatment or prevention of PSD. Odds ratios were used to test for significant treatment response between the treatment arms for dichotomous outcomes. Continuous outcome measures were evaluated using weighted mean difference and 95% confidence intervals. SETTING: Literature review. PARTICIPANTS: Patients with stroke enrolled in the study of PSD of each selected article. MEASUREMENTS: Frequency of patients with and without depression; frequency of patients who responded to treatment. RESULTS: Nine articles were reviewed. Six investigated use of antidepressant therapy on treatment of PSD, and three examined the prevention of PSD. There was evidence to suggest that patients responded to treatment with antidepressants and significantly improved on depression scales, but treatment, especially with heterocyclic antidepressants, led to a significant number of dropouts due to side effects. There were insufficient data to pool the results of the prevention-based studies. CONCLUSION: Treatment with heterocyclic antidepressants and SSRIs appears to be a viable option for PSD, but their absolute or relative efficacy has yet to be fully established. The effectiveness of early initiation of antidepressants in the prevention of PSD is not clear. © 2005 by the American Geriatrics Society. ER  - 
Status epilepticus$$$ Generalized convulsive status epilepticus (GCSE) is a medical emergency. Over 50% of cases are symptomatic of an acute process rather than chronic epilepsy. Untreated GCSE may result in significant primary and secondary brain injury in addition to systemic organ failure. Therapy should be directed at terminating seizures, preventing their recurrence, and limiting secondary brain injury in order to limit neural damage and mortality. Overall mortality is around 20%, although this varies considerably according to the underlying aetiology. Non-convulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) may be difficult to diagnose accurately and is commonly under-diagnosed in the critical care setting. Precise EEG characterization is important as not all forms of NCSE require aggressive therapy. Protocol-driven management of anti-epileptic drug therapy assists in producing a promptly escalating response to GCSE. Current evidence supports the initial use of lorazepam followed by phenytoin/barbiturates if seizures continue. General anaesthesia may be necessary for refractory status. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Use of antidepressants in older patients with co-morbid medical conditions: Guidance from studies of depression in somatic illness$$$ Advanced age and medical complexity are characteristics not often associated with participation in randomised, placebo-controlled trials of antidepressants. Thus, evidence for the efficacy of antidepressant treatment among typical seniors with somatic illness and advanced age is scant. Furthermore, there appears to be no clear empirically based delineation between depressive symptoms and depressive disorders among very old, physically ill adults. The increasing numbers of antidepressants and adjunctive medications add to the practitioner's perplexity when confronted with a very old, very depressed patient. Nonetheless, a growing body of evidence from antidepressant studies in the context of age-related somatic illnesses allows reasonable inferences to guide diagnosis and treatment. Once the practitioner and patient agree upon an antidepressant trial, the benefits of prescribed medication should be assessed within the first days rather than first weeks of treatment. The patient and practitioner should expect to escalate the antidepressant to the established therapeutic range rather than seek the lowest dose that is effective. Patients who experience no benefit whatsoever within the first weeks of treatment despite being within the therapeutic range should be offered an alternative promptly. With the results of studies of depression in co-morbid disorders and analyses of treatment response trajectory, the practitioner can be assured that advanced age, physical illness and depression need not go hand in hand. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Efficacy and cognitive side effects of tiagabine and topiramate in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objective: Whereas the efficacy of the newer antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) is well established, there remain questions regarding their cognitive side effects. Therefore, we performed a comparative open randomized trial with TPM and TGB as add-on therapy, with particular consideration of cognition, mood, and health-related quality of life (HRQOL). Methods: Forty-one patients with refractory epilepsy were randomly assigned to one of the two treatment groups (TPM vs TGB) and received neuropsychological testing at baseline (T1), after titration (3 months, T2), and during the maintenance phase (another 3 months, T3). Tests included measures of intelligence, attention, working memory, episodic memory, language, and self-report questionnaires regarding mood and HRQOL. Twenty patients (8 TPM, 12 TGB) discontinued the trial for different reasons (no group difference). Results: Seizure outcome (intention-to-treat analysis) was comparably good in both groups (8.1% seizure free, 29.7% seizure reduction > 50%). From baseline to after the titration paired sample t tests revealed significant deterioration in verbal fluency, language comprehension, working memory, and visual block tapping under TPM and a deterioration in verbal memory (delayed free recall) in the TGB group. These functions remained stable in the maintenance phase. Self-report measures initially indicated concerns about AED side effects in both groups and concerns about worse cognitive functioning and depression under TPM. In the maintenance phase the TGB group reported feeling a lack of energy, whereas patients on TPM demonstrated improvement on QOLIE scales on a descriptive level. Conclusion: This study demonstrates the comparable efficacy of TPM and TGB. Consistent with previous reports, TPM but not TGB appears to be associated with persistent negative cognitive side effects on frontal lobe-associated functions, the degree of which may be estimated by the fact that this effect was observed with a very small sample size. In contrast, in patients taking TPM, initially negatively affected HRQOL returns to baseline in the long run on a descriptive level. The latter finding may be interpreted in accordance with the observation that objective performance and subjective self-report under TPM can be dissociated. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Medical and behavioral symptoms as potential medication side effects in adults with developmental disabilities$$$ The incidence of medical and behavioral symptoms that could occur as side effects of psychotropic medication was assessed in a sample of 30 adults with developmental disabilities. Using a retrospective chart review method, we measured symptoms in six a priori classes of potential side effects over a 2-year period. The majority of side effects involved apparent effects of the psychotropic medications on behavior, mood, or sleep. Different patterns of changes in medication prescription, in relation to recorded side effects, were observed. Overall, there was a significant positive relation between the number of potential side effects recorded and the number of psychotropic medication changes made. Our findings suggest several patterns of side effects associated with psychotropic medication use. © American Association on Mental Retardation. ER  - 
Peginterferon alfa-2b plus ribavirin treatment in children and adolescents with chronic hepatitis C$$$ Peginterferon plus ribavirin is standard therapy for adults with chronic hepatitis C. As no data are available for children, the aim of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of peginterferon alfa-2b in combination with ribavirin in chronically infected children. Genotypes, alanine aminotransferase levels, and different routes of viral transmission were considered. In an open-labeled, uncontrolled pilot study, 62 children and adolescents (range, 2-17 years) were treated with subcutaneous peginterferon alfa-2b at a dose of 1.5 μg/kg body weight once per week plus oral ribavirin (15 mg/kg x day) for 48 weeks. Sixty-one patients completed the study. Twenty-three children discontinued therapy after 6 months according to study protocol. Sustained viral response was documented in 22 (47.8%)of 46 patients with genotype 1, in 13 (100%) of 13 with genotype 2 or 3, in 1 of 2 with genotype 4, in 19 (70.4%) of 27 children with parenteral, in 12 (48%) of 25 with vertical, and in 5 of 9 with unknown route of infection. Overall, treatment was well tolerated. Nevertheless, some side effects were present in all treated patients. Eighty-three percent had leucopenia, but only 3 individuals required dose reduction and 10.3% developed thyroid autoantibodies and thyroid dysfunction. In conclusion, combination treatment of peginterferon alfa-2b with ribavirin showed encouraging results and was well tolerated in children and adolescents with chronic hepatitis C. Weekly dosing of peginterferon alfa-2b is a considerable advance for this age group. The treatment is not approved for children. Further controlled trials are needed. Copyright © 2005 by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases. ER  - 
Adverse events associated with sedatives, analgesics, and other drugs that provide patient comfort in the intensive care unit$$$ Since the 2002 publication of multidisciplinary clinical practice guidelines for intensive care unit (ICU) sedation and analgesia, additional information regarding adverse drug events has been reported. Our understanding of the risks associated with these sedative and analgesic agents promises to improve outcomes by helping clinicians identify and respond to therapeutic misadventures sooner. This review focuses on many issues, including the potentially fatal consequences associated with the propofol infusion syndrome, the evolving understanding of propylene glycol intoxication associated with parenteral lorazepam, new data involving high-dose and long-term dexmedetomidine therapy, haloperidol- and methadone-related prolongation of QTc intervals on the electrocardiogram, adverse events associated with atypical antipsychotics, and the potential for nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs to interfere with bone healing. ER  - 
Corticosteroids for the treatment of Landau-Kleffner syndrome and continuous spike-wave discharge during sleep$$$ Landau-Kleffner syndrome and its variants such as continuous Spike-Wave Discharge during Sleep (CSWS) are progressive epileptic encephalopathies of childhood. The treatment of this unusual group of patients is controversial. We describe our experience in treating patients with Landau-Kleffner syndrome and CSWS with corticosteroids. The patients received Prednisone 1 mg/kg/day for 6 months, 1 year, then yearly. Follow-up was for 1-10 years (mean 4 years). Ten patients, 3 females, 7 males were studied. Age of onset ranged from 2 to 11 years (mean 7.5 years). Eight patients manifested Landau-Kleffner syndrome, and two had CSWS. Most patients had seizures (8/10); however, two patients did not have clinical seizures. MRI was normal in all patients. SPECT scan was abnormal in four patients, normal in three, and not available in three. All but one patient manifested significant improvement in language, cognition, and behaviour, which continued after the corticosteroid trial. Side effects were few (4/10) and transient and consisted of weight gain (2), behavioral change (1), and hypertension (1). Corticosteroids are a safe and effective treatment for patients with Landau-Kleffner syndrome and CSWS. Most patients had improvement in language, cognition, and behaviour after treatment. Side effects are few and reversible, and benefits appear long lasting. Corticosteroids should be considered as a treatment option in children with Landau-Kleffner syndrome and CSWS. © 2005 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Bipolar disorders in children and adolescents$$$ In the past decade, 7 million children in the United States had a mental health problem, with higher rates of medication use, primary care visits, and specialty care visits than children without such problems. Children with bipolar disorders can present diagnostic and referral dilemmas for the primary care pediatric nurse practitioner, and frequently these children take multiple medications that interact with commonly used antibiotics, over-the-counter medications, and contraceptives. Diagnostic criteria for mania are controversial and coexisting attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, conduct disorder, and anxiety disorders can complicate the diagnosis and treatment. The primary care pediatric nurse practitioner role includes referral, co-management, and advocacy for this vulnerable population. Copyright © 2005 by the National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners. ER  - 
Treatment of hepatitis C$$$ The combination of pegylated interferon alpha and ribavirin has improved treatment success rates in patients with hepatitis C with sustained response rates of just over 50% overall and more than 70% for those with genotypes 2 and 3. This article reviews the use of combination therapy, contraindications, factors influencing response and describes approaches to specific patient groups. © 2005 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
The safety of pegylated interferon alpha-2b in the treatment of chronic hepatitis B: Predictive factors for dose reduction and treatment discontinuation$$$ Background: Treatment with interferon-alpha has been shown to be effective in one-third of hepatitis B e antigen-positive chronic hepatitis B patients, but is clinically associated with relevant adverse events. Aim: To investigate the safety of pegylated interferon alpha-2b in 300 hepatitis B e antigen-positive patients with compensated liver disease. Methods: Patients were treated with pegylated interferon alpha-2b for 52 weeks combined with either lamivudine 100 mg/day or placebo. Pegylated interferon alpha-2b was administered for 100 μg once a week for 32 weeks; thereafter, the dose was reduced to 50 μg once a week. Adverse events and their effect on study medication were reported at monthly visits in a standardized way. Results: The most frequently reported side-effects were flu-like syndrome (68%), headache (40%), fatigue (39%), myalgia (29%) and local reaction at the injection site (29%), These symptoms typically occurred within the first month of therapy and subsided during the course of therapy. Neutropenia and thrombocytopenia induced by pegylated Interferon alpha-2b increased the risk of infections and bleeding complications, but these complications were rare and mild. The frequency of all side-effects was not different between patients treated with pegylated interferon alpha-2b combined with lamivudine or placebo. In 69 (22%) patients the dose of pegylated interferon alpha-2b was reduced prematurely. Of these dose reductions, 36 (52%) were because of neutropenia. Therapy was discontinued in 28 (8%) patients. The most frequent reasons for early discontinuation were psychiatric side-effects (depression, psychosis) and flu-like symptoms. Multivariate Cox regression analysis showed that low neutrophil count at baseline and cirrhosis were independent predictors of dose reduction or therapy discontinuation. Conclusion: We conclude that in patients with chronic hepatitis B and compensated liver disease prolonged pegylated interferon alpha-2b therapy is safe, and that pre-existent cirrhosis and neutropenia are the most important predictors of dose reduction or early treatment discontinuation. © 2005 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Fatigue in multiple sclerosis responds to education, exercise, rehabilitation and medication$$$ Exaggerated, often disabling, fatigue is the most common symptom of multiple sclerosis; unexpectedly, it has no relationship to disease duration or severity. Once secondary metabolic, drug-related, psychiatric or other causes are eliminated, nonpharmacological measures to manage fatigue should be initiated. Education, careful exercise and rehabilitation are helpful. If severe symptoms persist, modafinil has been shown to be effective in small clinical trials, and amantadine is a possible second-line option. Pemoline and aminopyridines are less effective and, like amantadine, carry risks of severe toxicity. ER  - 
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for children and adolescents with major depression: Current controversies and recommendations$$$ Recent warnings about potential serious adverse effects with the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in children and adolescents with depression raises questions about the risk-benefit ratio of these drugs in this population. Published safety and efficacy trials of SSRIs for the treatment of youth with depression are critically reviewed. These data were augmented by information from regulatory hearings in 2003-2004 and selected open-label reports. Based on this review, recommendations for medication treatment and monitoring of children and adolescents with major depression on SSRIs are provided. Emerging data from several clinical trials show that the SSRIs provide moderate benefits for youth with depression. In addition, SSRI treatment may be associated with increased risk of behavioral activation, self-harm, and suicidal ideation. Appropriate use of the SSRIs in children and adolescents requires careful diagnostic assessment, evaluation of comorbidity, and close monitoring, especially early in treatment. Copyright © Taylor & Francis Inc. ER  - 
Emerging chemotherapeutic strategies for Huntington's disease$$$ Huntington's disease (HD) is a progressive and fatal neurological disorder caused by an expanded CAG repeat in the gene coding for the protein, huntingtin. There is no clinically proven treatment for HD. Although the exact cause of neuronal death in HD remains unknown, it has been postulated that the abnormal aggregation of the mutant huntingtin protein may cause toxic effects in neurons, leading to a cascade of pathogenic mechanisms associated with transcriptional dysfunction, oxidative stress, mitochondrial alterations, apoptosis, bioenergetic defects and subsequent excitotoxicity. Understanding how these processes interrelate has become important in identifying a pharmacotherapy in HD and in the design of clinical trials. A number of drug compounds that separately target these mechanisms have significantly improved the clinical and neuropathological phenotype of HD transgenic mice and, as such, are immediate candidates for human clinical trials in HD patients. These compounds are discussed herein. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Multiple sclerosis - Related fatigue$$$ Fatigue is a significant factor in the lives of many MS patients and the most commonly reported symptom in many studies. Fatigue is an important symptom to consider because it affects patients' social lives, occupations, and activities of daily living. Efforts to predict fatigue have been mixed, but it appears to be related to overall quality of life and mood. From a pathophysiologic perspective, fatigue in MS is multifactorial and complex, involving dysregulation of the immune system, changes in the nervous system related to the disease process, neuroendocrine and neurotransmitter changes, and other factors such as physical deconditioning, sleep disturbance, pain, and medication side effects. Various attempts to assess fatigue have been made, and many measures are now available for use in clinical practice and research. In clinical practice, these measures help guide treatment considerations. Recent research has provided valuable strategies to ameliorate fatigue in MS, and although many patients continue to experience fatigue despite interventions, many receive substantial relief. Nonpharmacologic approaches - considered the first step in treatment - include exercise programs, cooling, dietary considerations, and energy conservation strategies. For patients who continue to experience significant fatigue, several medications (although not specifically approved for use in the reduction of MS-related fatigue) have proved effective in this regard. The first-line agents include amantadine for mild fatigue and modafinil for more severe cases. Second-line agents include pemoline and antidepressant medications. Other pharmacologic agents have also shown some promise. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric lupus$$$ Nervous system disease in SLE patients spans a wide spectrum of neurologic and psychiatric features that may be attributed to a primary manifestation of SLE, complications of the disease or its therapy, or a coincidental disease process. The ACR nomenclature and case definitions have provided a basis for the classification of NP disease and provide the standard for categorizing patients in clinical studies of NP-SLE. Despite this advance, there continues to be considerable variability in the prevalence of NP disease reported in different cohorts of SLE patients, and the rarity of many of the NP syndromes emphasizes the need for multicenter studies. The etiology of primary NP disease is multifactorial and includes vascular injury of intracranial vessels, autoantibodies to neuronal antigens, ribosomes and phospholipid-associated proteins, and the intracranial generation of cytokines and possibly other inflammatory mediators. In the absence of a diagnostic gold standard for most of the NP-SLE syndromes, many investigations are employed to support the clinical diagnosis and determine the severity of NP disease. The advancement in technology employing MRI holds particular promise in this regard. Treatment remains largely empiric in the absence of controlled studies and draws upon the experience in the management of other serious organ involvement such as lupus nephritis. Current strategies include the use of immunosuppressive therapies, appropriate symptomatic interventions, and the treatment of non-SLE factors when identified. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Selecting appropriate pharmacotherapy for the child with epilepsy$$$ Selection of an antiepileptic drug (AED) for initial treatment of epilepsy in infancy, childhood, and adolescence should ideally be made after a clear diagnosis of the patient's epilepsy because a common cause of failure of the first AED is misdiagnosis. However, AED efficacy data based on placebo-controlled, double-blinded, randomized clinical studies are unavailable for many childhood syndromes. In these cases, agent selection must be based on the best available data. Choice of an AED for the treatment of epilepsy in infants and children depends not only on the efficacy of the agent but also on safety, impact on behavior and learning, and existing patient comorbidities. Neuropsychiatric comorbidities in children with epilepsy include attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autistic spectrum disorders, depression, anxiety, and thought disorders. Any of these problems may be worsened or improved by specific AEDs. In addition, the effect of AEDs on body weight, insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, and bone health is becoming better appreciated, and newer AEDs may offer significant advantages regarding metabolic impact. However, a continuing need remains for the development of newer AEDs that are targeted for the developing brain and will improve efficacy and tolerability of treatment in childhood epilepsy. ER  - 
Valganciclovir for cytomegalovirus prevention and treatment$$$ Cytomegalovirus (CMV) continues to be an important cause of significant disease in various groups of immunocompromised hosts, including organ and hematopoietic stem cell transplant recipients and AIDS patients. Therapeutic and preventative strategies have been used in these patients to improve overall outcomes. Ganciclovir has traditionally been the first-line drug for the treatment and prevention of CMV. Valganciclovir is a prodrug of ganciclovir with enhanced oral bioavailability. Studies have shown that it is effective for the prevention of CMV disease in high-risk (donor seropositive/recipient seronegative) solid-organ transplant recipients. It is also as effective as intravenous ganciclovir for the treatment of CMV retinitis in AIDS patients. The side-effect profile is similar to ganciclovir. Treatment studies in solid-organ transplant recipients, evaluation in pediatric patients, and prevention studies in stem cell recipients are ongoing and will help define the full role of valganciclovir in immunocompromised hosts. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Successful conversion to rapamycin for calcineurin inhibitor-related neurotoxicity following liver transplantation$$$ Introduction. Neurotoxicity is a well-recognized side effect of calcineurin inhibitors. Rapamycin is considered to be significantly less neurotoxic than calcineurin inhibitors (CNIs). The aim of this study was to retrospectively analyze a group of post-liver transplant patients who had been converted to rapamycin because of CNI-related neurotoxicity. Patients and methods. Orthotopic liver transplantation (OLT) was performed in 56 consecutive patients between April 1, 2003, and August 15, 2004. Immunosuppression was administered with tacrolimus, mycophenolic acid, and corticosteroids. Results. Seven patients were converted to rapamycin due to new-onset neurotoxicity or exacerbation of previous neurological symptoms secondary to CNI. None of the patients had toxic levels tacrolimus (>15 ng/mL) at the time of symptoms, which persisted despite reduction of CNI dose. The indications for conversion were: (1) peripheral neuropathy; (2) seizure; (3) metabolic encephalopathy; and (4) central pontine myelinolysis. All patients showed improvement or resolution of their neurological symptoms after conversion to rapamycin. Two patients died, the first due to a hypoxic event and the second due to central pontine myelinolysis with limited improvement and a family decision to withdraw care. There were no complications directly attributed to rapamycin. Specifically, there were no thrombotic events, wound complications, or biliary leaks. Three patients had a rejection episode that was successfully treated with pulse corticosteroids and low-dose tacrolimus (levels < 5 ng/mL). Conclusions. Rapamycin can be safely used in OLT recipients with severe neurological symptoms ascribed to or exacerbated by CNIs. Rapamycin monotherapy may be inadequate to control rejection early after transplantation. Rapamycin can be combined with low doses of CNI to prevent rejection. © 2005 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Topiramate in migraine prophylaxis$$$ This paper reviews results of placebo-controlled trials on topiramate (TPM) prophylaxis in migraine patients, and discusses issues regarding the use of this medication in clinical practice. Data from well conducted double-blind controlled trials and from a comparative trial show that TPM is effective against migraine, confirming the experience of physicians in various countries. Lack of major contraindications, high responder rate, good tolerability at the target dose (100 mg/day) following slow titration, and lack of weight gain make TPM one of the most effective and well accepted drugs for migraine prophylaxis. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2005. ER  - 
Effects of lamotrigine monotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: An open-label study$$$ Background: It is important that drug therapy for juvenile myoclonic epilepsy(JME), a lifelong disorder requiring long-term therapy, is effective and well tolerated with long-term use. Lamotrigine as monotherapy or adjunctive therapy has been demonstrated to be effective in reducing the frequency of partial and generalized seizures in short- and long-term studies in children, adolescents, adults, and elderly patients with epilepsy, including those with JME. With its tolerability profile and spectrum of efficacy, lamotrigine might be an appropriate option for newly diagnosed patients with JME, a possibility that has not been empirically assessed. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy and tolerability of lamotrigine monotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed JME. Methods: This open-label study was conducted at 18 clinical sites across the United States. Patients aged <12 years with newly diagnosed JME and who had experienced at least 1 generalized motor seizure since diagnosis but were antiepileptic treatment-naive or had received inappropriate treatment due to misdiagnosis were enrolled. During the first 8 weeks of the study, lamotrigine (25-mg or 100-mg tablets) was introduced (to a maximum dosage of 100-500 mg/d, based on instructions in the package insert and clinical response). This dose escalation was followed by a 24-week treatment phase during which lamotrigine dose could be adjusted as needed to achieve optimal clinical benefit. Efficacy end points included the rates of patients with a decrease from baseline of at least 50% in the frequency of myoclonic, tonic-clonic, and absence seizures; and the rate of patients with mild, moderate, or marked improvement from baseline in global clinical status as perceived by the investigators. Adverse events were recorded in patient diaries, and diary information was reviewed by study personnel at clinic visits. Results were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Results: Twenty-nine patients (17 females, 12 males; mean [SD] age, 24.0 [11.3] years [range, 12-50 years]) were included in the efficacy analysis. During the lamotrigine monotherapy treatment period, 58% of patients experienced a reduction from baseline of at least 50% in days with myoclonic seizures, and 56% and 38% of patients experienced a reduction of at least 50% in the frequency of generalized tonic-clonic seizures and absence seizures, respectively. At week 24 of the monotherapy phase, investigators perceived that 72% of patients had shown mild, moderate, or marked improvement in global clinical status relative to the start of the study. Conclusions: In this study, lamotrigine monotherapy given to patients with newly diagnosed JME was associated with a reduction in the frequency of seizures and improvement in global clinical status as rated by the investigators. Lamotrigine was generally well tolerated. Copyright © 2005 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Bacopa monniera, a reputed nootropic plant: An overview$$$ Bacopa monniera (BM), a traditional Ayurvedic medicine, used for centuries as a memory enhancing, anti-inflammatory, analgesic, antipyretic, sedative and antiepileptic agent. The plant, plant extract and isolated bacosides (the major active principles) have been extensively investigated in several laboratories for their neuropharmacological effects and a number of reports are available confirming their nootropic action. In addition, researchers have evaluated the anti-inflammatory, cardiotonic and other pharmacological effects of BM preparations/extracts. Therefore, in view of the important activities performed by this plant, investigation must be continued in the recently observed actions described in this paper. Moreover, other clinical studies have to be encouraged, also to evidence any side effects and possible interactions between this herbal medicine and synthetic drugs. © 2004 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Tolerability profiles of atypical antipsychotics in the treatment of bipolar disorder$$$ Atypical antipsychotics have unequivocally advanced the pharmacotherapy of bipolar disorder. These broad-spectrum medications offer efficacy against core symptoms of mania, and evidence supports the use of several agents as treatment options in depressed and maintenance phases of the disorder. Atypical antipsychotics also have a reduced propensity for provoking acute or tardive neurologic adverse events compared with their therapeutic predecessors, the conventional antipsychotics. These agents are not, however, a panacea and are associated with several problematic tolerability and safety concerns. Although classified together, atypical antipsychotics are heterogeneous in their tolerability and safety profiles, an issue that is relevant to individualizing treatment selection. This article reviews relevant adverse events attributable to the use of atypical antipsychotic agents, with particular consideration of the bipolar disorder population. ER  - 
Poststroke aphasia: Epidemiology, pathophysiology and treatment$$$ Aphasia, the loss or impairment of language caused by brain damage, is one of the most devastating cognitive impairments of stroke. Aphasia is present in 21-38% of acute stroke patients and is associated with high short- and long-term morbidity, mortality and expenditure. Recovery from aphasia is possible even in severe cases. While speech-language therapy remains the mainstay treatment of aphasia, the effectiveness of conventional therapies has not been conclusively proved. This has motivated attempts to integrate knowledge from several domains in an effort to plan more rational therapies and to introduce other therapeutic strategies, including the use of intensive language therapy and pharmacological agents. Several placebo-controlled trials suggest that piracetam is effective in recovery from aphasia when started soon after the stroke, but its efficacy vanishes in patients with chronic aphasia. Drugs acting on catecholamine systems (bromocriptine, dexamfetamine) have shown varying degrees of efficacy in case series, open-label studies and placebo-controlled trials. Bromocriptine is useful in acute and chronic aphasias, but its beneficial action appears restricted to nonfluent aphasias with reduced initiation of spontaneous verbal messages. Dexamfetamine improves language function in subacute aphasia and the beneficial effect is maintained in the long term, but its use is restricted to highly selected samples. Pharmacological agents operating on the cholinergic system (e.g. donepezil) have shown promise. Data from single-case studies, case series and an open-label study suggest that donepezil may have beneficial effects on chronic poststroke aphasia. Preliminary evidence suggests that donepezil is well tolerated and its efficacy is maintained in the long term. Randomised controlled trials of donepezil and other cholinergic agents in poststroke aphasia are warranted. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Paradoxical strategy for treating chronic diseases where the therapeutic effect is derived from compensatory response rather than drug effect$$$ Reversing chronic conditions remains an elusive goal of medicine. The modern medical paradigm based on blocking overactive pathways or augmenting deficient pathways offers symptomatic benefit, but tolerance to therapy can develop and treatment cessation can produce rebound symptoms due to compensatory mechanisms. We propose a paradoxical strategy for treating chronic conditions based on harnessing compensatory mechanisms for therapeutic benefit. Many current drugs may be repurposed for a paradoxical indication where the therapeutic effect is derived from compensatory response, rather than drug effect. For example, although exercise is associated with acute adrenergia, paradoxical downregulation of baseline sympathovagal ratio occurs as a remodeling response. For conditions that manifest chronic sympathetic bias such as cardiovascular diseases, judicious administration of adrenergic agonists may induce compensatory downregulation of baseline sympathovagal ratio. The concept may generalize to many other diseases, especially those involving pathways which exhibit strong homeostatic tendencies such as the neurologic, immune, and endocrine systems. Careful consideration of chronobiologic features is necessary to optimize dosing strategies for modulating compensatory responses, and eccentric dosing schedules, shorter-acting formulations, or pulsatile delivery may be desirable in some cases. To what extent the effect of desensitization to current therapy is mistaken for disease progression in conditions such as diabetes, myopia, depression, and hypertension warrants investigation. The merits of combining behavioral and drug therapies such as diet-insulin therapy for diabetes and exercise-β-blockade for cardiovascular disease should be revisited since there is a risk for exacerbating the underlying dysfunction. The reduced dynamic range of various environmental experiences and the tendency to revert to the mean through medical intervention, thermoregulation, and other modern lifestyle changes may play under-recognized roles in human diseases. Perhaps alternating agonists and antagonist may exercise the entire dynamic range of pathways and improve health. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacologic treatment of opioid-lnduced sedation in chronic pain$$$ OBJECTIVE: To review the literature for pharmacologic management of opioid-induced sedation (OIS) in patients with chronic pain. DATA SOURCES: A search of MEDLINE (1966-October 2004) for English-language literature and selected bibliographies was completed. Search terms included pain, opioid, sedation, psychostimulants, amphetamines, modafinil, and donepezil. DATA SYNTHESIS: Amphetamines and amphetamine-like agents, caffeine, donepezil, and modafinil have been evaluated for OIS. Available literature is limited by numbers of subjects, duration, and trial design; however, there is limited support for the use of methylphenidate, donepezil, and modafinil. CONCLUSIONS: Pharmacologic treatment of OIS should be utilized selectively, given the available literature. Methylphenidate, donepezil, and modafinil may be considered in appropriate patients. ER  - 
Safety of newer generation anti-epileptic drugs in non-accidental overdose: An Irish population study$$$ Seven new anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) have become available in Ireland over the last 10 years; data from animal models and clinical trials suggest that they have a superior safety profile to older AEDs. A specific relationship between epilepsy and psychiatric co-morbidity has long been recognised, including the relationship between epilepsy and suicide. AEDs are common agents taken in intentional drug overdoses. We undertook a study to review the frequency and outcome of non-accidental overdose with seven new AEDS in an Irish population from 1996 to 2000. Method: All reported cases of drug overdoses with AEDs from 1996 to 2000 were reviewed. Data was provided by the National Poisons Information Centre, Beaumont Hospital and the Central Statistics Office. Medical records from Beaumont Hospital were reviewed in specific cases of serious drug toxicities. An extensive review of published literature reviewing the safety profile of these AEDs was performed and medical literature retrieved from the databases of the pharmaceutical industry was similarly reviewed. Results: Of the 164 reported cases of newer AEDs, there were no fatalities among the cases followed up. Conclusion: The absence of mortalities and serious consequences from deliberate self-poisoning with the newer agents is supportive evidence for the superior safety profile of the newer AEDs. © 2004 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Diagnosis and treatment of mood disorders in persons with epilepsy$$$ Purpose of review: Epilepsy is a common, disabling neurological disorder associated with increased rates of comorbid psychiatric disorders as compared with the general population. Recent findings: Mood disorders, especially major depression, appear to be more prevalent in persons with epilepsy than in those with the other chronic disorders and the general population. Depression may have more influence on quality of life than do cognitive and seizure factors. Although psychological, social, and vocational disabilities contribute to mood dysfunction in epilepsy, functional neuroimaging studies have consistently shown correlation of presence of cerebral abnormalities with increased severity of symptoms of depression. Most persons with epilepsy are not routinely screened for depression, and depression is subsequently treated in only a minority of patients. Although serotonin receptor density is greatest in brain regions commonly associated with epilepsy, such as the mesial temporal and prefrontal areas, no controlled trials have investigated the efficacy of serotonin reuptake inhibitors in persons with epilepsy. Optimal methods to identify and treat depression in epilepsy require substantial further research. Summary: Depression is a common comorbid condition with significant negative effects on health status in persons with epilepsy, but additional understanding of the disorder is needed to improve diagnosis and treatment. © 2005 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Mirtazapine increases cortical excitability in healthy controls and epilepsy patients with major depression$$$ Background: Epilepsy is often complicated by depression requiring antidepressant treatment. Such treatment might be proconvulsive. Objective: To examine the effects of the noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant mirtazapine on motor cortex excitability in epilepsy patients with depression and in healthy controls, using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Methods: Seven clinically depressed epilepsy patients treated with anticonvulsant drugs and six healthy volunteers were studied. Before intake of mirtazapine and 24 hours afterwards (and also three weeks afterwards in the patients), the active and resting motor threshold (AMT, RMT), the size of the motor evoked potential (MEP), the cortical silent period (SP), and intracortical inhibition/facilitation and intracortical facilitatory I wave interactions were determined using single and paired pulse TMS. Results: At baseline, AMT and RMT were higher (p = 0.049 and p = 0.04, respectively) and the ratio SP duration/MEP area greater in patients (p = 0.041). In patients but not in healthy subjects AMT was lower 24 hours after intake of mirtazapine (p = 0.028). Mirtazapine had no significant effect on the MEP size, duration of the SP, or the ratio of SP duration to MEP size in patients. The duration of the SP was longer (p = 0.037) but the ratio of SP duration to MEP size remained similar in healthy subjects after mirtazapine. There were no significant differences in paired pulse measures between the two groups either at baseline or after mirtazapine. Conclusions: Mirtazapine increased neuronal excitability of pyramidal tract axons in an activated state in both healthy controls and epilepsy patients with major depression. ER  - 
Comorbidity in severe developmental language disorders: Neuropediatric and psychological considerations$$$ Aim: To explore possible patterns of comorbidity in children with severe developmental language disorders (DLD). Methods: A retrospective investigation of the clinical records of 28 children relating to oral motor and language problems, psychological profiles, medical history and EEG findings. Results: 36% of all the children had pure expressive language problems, 64% had combined expressive-receptive language problems and 57% had additional oral motor problems. Girls predominated in expressive-receptive problems, while boys predominated in oral motor problems. Children with expressive-receptive disorders were over-represented at the lower end of normal full-scale IQ (p = 0.015). Lower verbal than non-verbal IQ levels were almost as common as equal levels, but a lower non-verbal IQ than verbal IQ was also found. Pre/perinatal problems were found in 21%, and heredity for developmental language problems or dyslexia in 39%. There was a higher proportion of attention and motor problems, EEG abnormalities, and epileptic syndromes than in the general population (p < 0.001). Conclusion: In severe DLD, both pure expressive and mixed expressive-receptive problems are found, and oral motor problems are common. Gender differences regarding symptoms are present. Receptive language ability is associated with the full-scale IQ level. A high proportion of EEG abnormalities and epilepsy is found. There is a complex pattern of comorbidity between speech-language symptoms, psychological characteristics, heredity and EEG findings. © 2005 Taylor & Francis Group Ltd. ER  - 
Anticonvulsants in bipolar disorder$$$ In recent years, a number of anticonvulsants have been more rigorously investigated for their potential mood-stabilizing properties. They are heterogeneous in their mechanisms of action and in their efficacy in the various mood states in bipolar illness (Table 3). At present, evidence from well-controlled studies supports the role of DIV and CBZ in the treatment of acute mania. DIV seems to have better efficacy than lithium in mixed mania or mania associated with depressive symptoms and is recommended as a first-line pharmacologic option in acutely manic or mixed manic patients [10]. Neither CBZ nor DIV have robust evidence supporting their efficacy in the treatment of acute bipolar depression, although DIV clearly possesses beneficial effects on depressive symptomatology and prophylaxis against depressive episodes during long-term treatment. Results from a large study indicate that LAM has significant efficacy in bipolar depression without the associated risks of cycle acceleration or manic/hypomanic switches. LAM should be considered a primary option in patients with bipolar depression and in bipolar II patients with rapid cycling. DIV is recommended as a first-line option in bipolar I patients with rapid cycling. LAM has proven efficacy in the prophylaxis of bipolar I disorder and should be considered along with lithium or DIV as treatment of choice in the long-term management of bipolar disorder. For the other anticonvulsants, including CBZ and OXC, there is still inadequate evidence of efficacy as monotherapy in the long-term management of bipolar disorder. Even less data exist for other available AEDs, and consensus is growing that some AEDs (eg, GBP) have little or no specific effect in bipolar disorder. Despite the progress made in the past decade, a wider therapeutic armamentarium is critically needed, because a large proportion of bipolar patients do not respond to acute treatments during a manic or depressive episode and have frequent relapse and recurrences during long-term treatment. As additional AEDs become available, rigorously designed and large-scale studies examining AEDs as monotherapy and AEDs in combination therapies versus placebo must be undertaken to assess efficacy and safety more adequately to provide better guidance for the clinician faced with the management of this challenging mood disorder. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of children and adolescents with bipolar disorder$$$ The identification and treatment of children and adolescents with a bipolar disorder is often challenging and difficult. Many of the psychotropic agents used to treat adults with bipolar disorder may also be used to treat children and adolescents with these disorders. Further controlled trials using combination pharmacotherapy in children and adolescents with bipolar disorders are needed to advance the field of pediatric bipolarity and provide optimal care for these patients. There are multiple ongoing trials of mood stabilizers and atypical antipsychotics that will provide important controlled data that are currently lacking in the field. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pediatric malaria in the developing world$$$ Hundreds of millions of people suffer from malaria, and more than a million children die of malaria each year. Malaria typically presents with fever and headache, but the presentation often is nonspecific. The diagnosis should be based on blood tests, and thick and thin smears are the standard means of identifying parasites. In some areas, chloroquine still is effective as treatment, but other medications are needed in most parts of the world. Patients with severe disease (altered consciousness, marked anemia, and/or respiratory distress) should begin therapy parenterally. Control measures depend on the use of insecticide-treated bednets, early identification and treatment of symptomatic individuals, and intermittent preventive therapy. Progress continues toward the development of a useful vaccine. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
What's new in antibiotics?$$$ Antibiotics are important agents in dermatologic practice. New drugs have expanded the therapeutic approach to uncomplicated skin infections and complicated infections involving deeper soft tissue or infections that require surgical intervention. This article reviews new antibiotics of dermatologic importance, including daptomycin (cyclic lipopeptide), linezolid (oxazolidinone), quinupristin-dalfopristin (streptogramins), moxifloxacin and gatifloxacin (fluoroquinolones), and dalbavancin and oritavancin, which are presently under investigation. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Advances in antiviral therapy$$$ Current therapies for viral infections of the skin can reduce or suppress symptoms, but there is no known cure and no available method to reduce the frequency of outbreaks after antiviral drug cessation. Despite the encouraging potential of the helicase-primase inhibitors, neither they nor current treatments can destroy the herpesvirus in the latent state. IRMs (eg, imiquimod) can eradicate HPV-associated lesions and markedly reduce recurrences. One HSV-2 prophylactic vaccine has shown promising results in preventing HSV-2 infection in women who are seronegative for HSV-1 and -2, but further trials are underway. Other prophylactic and therapeutic vaccinations are currently being investigated, and, if successful, they may help end the epidemic of these viral infections. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Radiosurgery with or without whole-brain radiotherapy for brain metastases: The patients' perspective regarding complications$$$ Introduction: When cancer spreads to the brain, patients and their families report a much reduced quality of life. Whole-brain radiation therapy (WBRT) and/or radiosurgery (RS) are mainstays of management for patients with metastatic brain cancer. Despite the ubiquity of this problem, little is known about the patients' perspective regarding management-related complications. To assess the patients' perspective regarding current therapeutic options, we retrospectively surveyed 200 consecutive patients who underwent radiosurgery with or without WBRT. Methods and Materials: The survey consisted of 10 questions that sought information on quality of life, employment status, side effects (hair loss, fatigue, memory, concentration, mood, or employment), activity level, and satisfaction. Results: We tabulated 104 responses (52%). WBRT was used in 69% (72 of 104); all patients had radiosurgery. After WBRT, the following were noted: hair loss (88%; total regrowth in 24%), excess fatigue (95%), problems with short-term memory (72%), long-term memory (33%), concentration (61%), and depression (54%). Sixty-three percent of patients who had WBRT thought they had side effects after treatment compared with 34% who had radiosurgery only (P <0.001). Only 5% of RS patients reported fatigue. Seventy-six percent and 56% of respondents considered RS or WBRT, respectively, a good treatment of them (P = 0.25). Only 26 patients (27%) were employed at the time of treatment and 16 remained employed (62%). Eighteen percent believed that WBRT delayed other cancer treatments. Conclusions: Patients with brain metastases often report complications of their disease or its treatment. Side effects are most pronounced in those who received WBRT. Radiosurgery had fewer reported side effects and was believed by more patients or families to be effective. Further study of clinical outcomes and quality of life is important to guide our management of patients with these common brain tumors. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Chronic pain management in the surgical patient$$$ Managing surgical patients who have chronic pain that results from their surgical disease and its treatment can bring a new and rewarding dimension to surgical practice. Patients appreciate their surgeon's continued interest and involvement with them, and the surgeon can overcome a sense of abandonment that may accompany the discharge of a patient who is not healed fully. Patients who have chronic pain often understand that their pain will not disappear. That their surgeon will not disappear can help them to accept and live with their pain. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Torsades de pointes with methadone$$$ • Methadone is an opiate used for replacement therapy of opiate addiction that causes dose-dependent QT prolongation. bu Severe ventricular arrhythmias such as torsades de pointes have been reported, usually in patients on high doses (100 mg to 400 mg/day). bu Methadone has a long plasma elimination half-life, and this poses a risk of accumulation. Accumulation is especially problematic when the dose is increased too rapidly. Combining methadone with a CYP 3A4 inhibitor increases the risk of torsades de pointes, as methadone is metabolised by this enzyme system. bu Factors potentially predisposing patients to torsades de pointes must be analysed in each case; these include preexisting bradycardia, congenital QT prolongation, hypokalemia, and concomitant use of other drugs inducing QT prolongation. bu This adverse effect has also been reported with levacetylmethadol (another opiate) and with heroin. It does not seem to occur with buprenorphine. ER  - 
Retrospective analysis of variables favouring good surgical outcome in posterior epilepsies$$$ Aim to determine variables favouring good surgical outcome in posterior epilepsies. Methods Fourteen patients submitted to epilepsy surgery were included in the study. The epileptogenic zone was located in temporo-parieto-occipital areas as assessed by both invasive and non-invasive pre-surgical evaluation. Several variables (age at first seizure; age at surgery; disease duration; type, frequency and clinical semiology of seizures; presence of lesion; scalp ictal and interictal EEG; localization and extension of epileptogenic zone; completeness of surgical resection) were compared (Fisher's exact test) with freedom from seizures to determine whether surgical outcome (Engel's classification) could be related to any of them. Results Seven patients were seizure free (Ia) and very satisfying results were obtained for 3 patients (2 Ib, 1 Ic). New post-surgical visual deficits occurred only in 3 patients. Surgical outcome was related significantly to two variables: scalp ictal EEG (focal versus non-focal; p: 0.014) and completeness of surgical resection of epileptogenic zone (p: 0.0023). A significant trend towards a better outcome for focal interictal intracranial activity versus a nonfocal one (p: 0.07) was found. Conclusions The correlation between completeness of epileptogenic zone resection and surgical outcome suggests that a presurgical protocol, allowing a precise definition of the area of resection, could help in obtaining more satisfying results in posterior epilepsies. ER  - 
Pharmacologic treatment of anorexia nervosa: Where do we go from here?$$$ Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a serious mental disorder, characterized by severely low weight and cognitive distortions about body shape and weight. AN is generally associated with a range of psychological symptoms, including depression, anxiety, obsessions, and rituals. The current study summarized findings from randomized controlled trials (RCT) using pharmacologic treatments in patients with AN. We conducted a review of literature using Medline. Several classes of pharmacologic agents have been studied in small samples of patients with acute AN without finding clear benefit to eating, weight, body shape concerns, or associated psychopathology. Studies have been limited by small sample sizes, as well as by research design with most studies adding medication to comprehensive hospital-based treatment programs. Future directions for pharmacologic treatment research in AN should include outpatient trials, rigorous study of atypical antipsychotic medication, and assessment of medication effect for relapse prevention in weight-restored patients. © 2005 by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Prepubertal bipolar disorder: Available pharmacological treatment options$$$ Awareness of bipolar spectrum disorders in children is rapidly increasing, with a more precise definition of their clinical subtypes and early signs. Paediatric bipolar disorder can lead to an important impairment in scholastic, familial and social functioning, and to a higher risk for substance abuse and suicide. In the context of a multimodal approach, the core treatment of early-onset bipolar disorder is pharmacological. This review focuses on the empirical evidence for pharmacotherapy in paediatric bipolar disorder. Mood stabilisers, including lithium, and older and newer anticonvulsivants will be considered, in mono- or polypharmacy. Atypical antipsychotics will be considered in more severe and/or treatment-resistant manic or mixed episodes. Finally, the prophylaxis of intercritical phases and the management of specific challenging conditions, such as bipolar depression and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, with bipolar comorbidity, will be reviewed. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
NR2B subtype-selective NMDA receptor antagonists: 2001-2004$$$ Discovery of the NR2A - D subtypes of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor, and of an allosteric binding site on the NR2B receptor subunit, has renewed interest in the therapeutic potential of NMDA receptor antagonists. Many previous clinical efforts with non-selective NMDA antagonists have failed due to unacceptable CNS side effects. NMDA antagonists that selectively bind to the NR2B subunit, however, have demonstrated a larger therapeutic window in animal models of a number of disease states. In the last few years, there has been a significant increase in the structural diversity of small-molecule NR2B-selective NMDA antagonists. This review will focus on patents and patent applications published from 2001 to 2004 and will divide compounds into the three general classes of phenols, phenol replacements and non-phenols, with further subdivisions within these classes. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Contemporary choices in the short-term pharmacologic management of depression and anxiety$$$ Mood and anxiety disorders, alone and in combination, are highly prevalent among primary care populations. Treatment options available for the acute management of these disorders include the new generation of antidepressants, many of which benefit both depression and anxiety disorders, as well as anxiolytic agents, which benefit anxiety disorders but not major depression. Serotonin, norepinephrine, and γ-aminobutyric acid are the key neurotransmitters affected by the contemporary medications used to treat anxiety and depressive disorders. Issues that guide the choices clinicians make include evidence of efficacy as well as adverse effects. Evidence from clinical trials of depression and anxiety disorders is reviewed and recommendations derived for the choice of pharmacologic treatments. Copyright © 2005, MBL Communications, Inc. ER  - 
Anorexia nervosa and psychosis$$$ This article summarizes findings supporting the theory that some patients with anorexia nervosa (AN) have psychotic features. The results of a study in which the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale for schizophrenia was administered to patients with AN is described. The similarities and differences between AN patients and historical schizophrenic patient controls are discussed. It is proposed that the next revision of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders include a severity modifier for AN indicating that some patients may have psychotic features. Studies utilizing antipsychotic medications for patients with AN are outlined and a practical guide for the use of these medications is presented. The need for randomized placebo-controlled double-blind studies is emphasized. ER  - 
Role of metabolism in drug-induced idiosyncratic hepatotoxicity$$$ Rare adverse reactions to drugs that are of unknown etiology, or idiosyncratic reactions, can produce severe medical complications or even death in patients. Current hypotheses suggest that metabolic activation of a drug to a reactive intermediate is a necessary, yet insufficient, step in the generation of an idiosyncratic reaction. We review evidence for this hypothesis with drugs that are associated with hepatotoxicity, one of the most common types of idiosyncratic reactions in humans. We identified 21 drugs that have either been withdrawn from the U.S. market due to hepatotoxicity or have a black box warning for hepatotoxicity. Evidence for the formation of reactive metabolites was found for 5 out of 6 drugs that were withdrawn, and 8 out of 15 drugs that have black box warnings. For the other drugs, either evidence was not available or suitable studies have not been carried out. We also review evidence for reactive intermediate formation from a number of additional drugs that have been associated with idiosyncratic hepatotoxicity but do not have black box warnings. Finally, we consider the potential role that high dosages may play in these adverse reactions. Copyright © Taylor and Francis Inc. ER  - 
Novel anticonvulsants in the treatment of alcoholism$$$ There have been many recent developments in the pharmacological management of alcohol withdrawal and alcohol dependence. Although previous treatments had included benzodiazepines as their mainstay, the use of these agents in the alcoholic population is problematic. Benzodiazepines are themselves addictive and they may increase the risk of alcohol relapse. Non-benzodiazepine anticonvulsants such as carbamazepine, valproic acid, gabapentin, vigabatrin and topiramate have been shown to be excellent treatments of both alcohol withdrawal and the prevention of alcohol relapse. Although none of these agents have yet been approved by the FDA, there is growing evidence in the literature to support their use. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical effectiveness, tolerability and cost-effectiveness of newer drugs for epilepsy in adults: A systematic review and economic evaluation$$$ Objectives: To examine the clinical effectiveness, tolerability and cost-effectiveness of gabapentin (GBP), lamotrigine (LTG), levetiracetam (LEV), oxcarbazepine (OXC), tiagabine (TGB), topiramate (TPM) and vigabatrin (VGB) for epilepsy in adults. Data sources: Electronic databases. Internet resources. Pharmaceutical company submissions. Review methods: Selected studies were screened and quality assessed. Separate analyses assessed clinical effectiveness, serious, rare and long-term adverse events and cost-effectiveness. An integrated economic analysis incorporating information on costs and effects of newer and older antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) was performed to give direct comparisons of long-term costs and benefits. Results: A total of 212 studies were included in the review. All included systematic reviews were Cochrane reviews and of good quality. The quality of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) was variable. Assessment was hampered by poor reporting of methods of randomisation, allocation concealment and blinding. Few of the non-randomised studies were of good quality. The main weakness of the economic evaluations was inappropriate use of the cost-minimisation design. The included systematic reviews reported that newer AEDs were effective as adjunctive therapy compared to placebo. For newer versus older drugs, data were available for all three monotherapy AEDs, although data for OXC and TPM were limited. There was limited, poor-quality evidence of a significant improvement in cognitive function with LTG and OXC compared with older AEDs. However, there were no consistent statistically significant differences in other clinical outcomes, including proportion of seizure-free patients. No studies assessed effectiveness of AEDs in people with intellectual disabilities or in pregnant women. There was very little evidence to assess the effectiveness of AEDs in the elderly; no significant differences were found between LTG and carbamazepine monotherapy. Sixty-seven RCTs compared adjunctive therapy with placebo, older AEDs or other newer AEDs. For newer AEDs versus placebo, a trend was observed in favour of newer drugs, and there was evidence of statistically significant differences in proportion of responders favouring newer drugs. However, it was not possible to assess long-term effectiveness. Most trials were conducted in patients with partial seizures. For newer AEDs versus older drugs, there was no evidence to assess the effectiveness of LEV, LTG or OXC, and evidence for other newer drugs was limited to single studies. Trials only included patients with partial seizures and follow-up was relatively short. There was no evidence to assess effectiveness of adjunctive LEV, OXC or TPM versus other newer drugs, and there were no time to event or cognitive data. No studies assessed the effectiveness of adjunctive AEDs in the elderly or pregnant women. There was some evidence from one study (GBP versus LTG) that both drugs have some beneficial effect on behaviour in people with learning disabilities. Eighty RCTs reported the incidence of adverse events. There was no consistent or convincing evidence to draw any conclusions concerning relative safety and tolerability of newer AEDs compared with each other, older AEDs or placebo. The integrated economic analysis for monotherapy for newly diagnosed patients with partial seizures showed that older AEDs were more likely to be cost-effective, although there was considerable uncertainty in these results. The integrated analysis suggested that newer AEDs used as adjunctive therapy for refractory patients with partial seizures were more effective and more costly than continuing with existing treatment alone. Combination therapy, involving new AEDs, may be cost-effective at a threshold willingness to pay per quality-adjusted life year (QALY) greater than £20,000, depending on patients' previous treatment history. There was, again, considerable uncertainty in these results. There were few data available to determine effectiveness of treatments for patients with generalised seizures. LTG and VPA showed similar health benefits when used as monotherapy. VPA was less costly and was likely to be cost-effective. The analysis indicated that TPM might be cost-effective when used as an adjunctive therapy, with an estimated incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of £34,500 compared with continuing current treatment alone. Conclusions: There was little good-quality evidence from clinical trials to support the use of newer monotherapy or adjunctive therapy AEDs over older drugs, or to support the use of one newer AED in preference to another. In general, data relating to clinical effectiveness, safety and tolerability failed to demonstrate consistent and statistically significant differences between the drugs. The exception was comparisons between newer adjunctive AEDs and placebo, where significant differences favoured newer AEDs. However, trials often had relatively short-term treatment durations and often failed to limit recruitment to either partial or generalised onset seizures, thus limiting the applicability of the data. Newer AEDs, used as monotherapy, may be cost-effective for the treatment of patients who have experienced adverse events with older AEDs, who have failed to respond to the older drugs, or where such drugs are contraindicated. The integrated economic analysis also suggested that newer AEDs used as adjunctive therapy may be cost-effective compared with the continuing current treatment alone given a QALY of about £20,000. There is a need for more direct comparisons of the different AEDs within clinical trials, considering different treatment sequences within both monotherapy and adjunctive therapy. Length of follow-up also needs to be considered. Trials are needed that recruit patients with either partial or generalised seizures; that investigate effectiveness and cost-effectiveness in patients with generalised onset seizures and that investigate effectiveness in specific populations of epilepsy patients, as well as studies evaluating cognitive outcomes to use more stringent testing protocols and to adopt a more consistent approach in assessing outcomes. Further research is also required to assess the quality of life within trials of epilepsy therapy using preference-based measures of outcomes that generate cost-effectiveness data. Future RCTs should use CONSORT guidelines; and observational data to provide information on the use of AEDs in actual practice, including details of treatment sequences and doses. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2005. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of mania in children and adolescents$$$ Bipolar disorder (BPD) is a severe and complex illness that seriously disrupts the lives of those afflicted. Increased rates of suicide attempts and completions, poorer academic performances, disturbed interpersonal relationships, increased rates of substance abuse, legal difficulties, and multiple hospitalizations all have been associated with BPD. At least 1% of children and adolescents have this disorder. This commentary is designed to review and summarize the recent literature on the treatment of manic and/or hypomanic phases of BPD in children and adolescents. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Mechanisms of neurotransmitter release by amphetamines: A review$$$ Amphetamine and substituted amphetamines, including methamphetamine, methylphenidate (Ritalin), methylenedioxymethamphetamine (ecstasy), and the herbs khat and ephedra, encompass the only widely administered class of drugs that predominantly release neurotransmitter, in this case principally catecholamines, by a non-exocytic mechanism. These drugs play important medicinal and social roles in many cultures, exert profound effects on mental function and behavior, and can produce neurodegeneration and addiction. Numerous questions remain regarding the unusual molecular mechanisms by which these compounds induce catecholamine release. We review current issues on the two apparent primary mechanisms - the redistribution of catecholamines from synaptic vesicles to the cytosol, and induction of reverse transport of transmitter through plasma membrane uptake carriers - and on additional drug effects that affect extracellular catecholamine levels, including uptake inhibition, effects on exocytosis, neurotransmitter synthesis, and metabolism. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric adverse effects of interferon-α: Recognition and management$$$ Recombinant preparations of the cytokine interferon (IFN)-α are increasingly used to treat a number of medical conditions, including chronic viral hepatitis and several malignancies. Although frequently effective, IFNα induces a variety of neuropsychiatric adverse effects, including an acute confusional state that develops rapidly after initiation of high-dose IFNα, a depressive syndrome that develops more slowly over weeks to months of treatment, and manic conditions most often characterised by extreme irritability and agitation, but also occasionally by euphoria. Acute IFNα-induced confusional states are typically characterised by disorientation, lethargy, somnolence, psychomotor retardation, difficulties with speaking and writing, parkinsonism and psychotic symptoms. Strategies for managing delirium should be employed, including treatment of contributing medical conditions, use of either typical or atypical antipsychotic agents and avoidance of medications likely to worsen mental status. Significant depressive symptoms occur in 21-58% of patients receiving IFNα, with symptoms typically manifesting over the first several months of treatment. The most replicated risk factor for developing depression is the presence of mood and anxiety symptoms prior to treatment. Other potential, but less frequently replicated, risk factors include a past history of major depression, being female and increasing IFNα dosage and treatment duration. The available data support two approaches to the pharmacological management of IFNα-induced depression: antidepressant pretreatment or symptomatic treatment once IFNα has been initiated. Pretreatment might be best reserved for patients already receiving antidepressants or for patients who endorse depression or anxiety symptoms of mild or greater severity prior to therapy. Several recent studies demonstrate that antidepressants effectively treat IFNα-induced depression once it has developed, allowing the vast majority of subjects to complete treatment successfully. Recent data suggest that IFNα-induced depression may be composed of two overlapping syndromes: a depression-specific syndrome characterised by mood, anxiety and cognitive complaints, and a neurovegetative syndrome characterised by fatigue, anorexia, pain and psychomotor slowing. Depression-specific symptoms are highly responsive to serotonergic antidepressants, whereas neurovegetative symptoms are significantly less responsive to these agents. These symptoms may be more effectively treated by agents that modulate catecholaminergic functioning, such as combined serotonin-noradrenaline (norepinephrine) antidepressants, bupropion, psychostimulants or modafinil. Additional factors to consider in selecting an antidepressant include potential drug-drug interactions and adverse effect profile. Finally, IFNα appears capable of inducing manic symptoms. Mania, especially when severe, is a clinical emergency. When this occurs, IFNα and antidepressants should be stopped, an emergency psychiatric consultation should be obtained, and treatment with a mood stabiliser should be initiated. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The safety of newer antidepressants in pregnancy and breastfeeding$$$ The pregnancy and postpartum periods are considered to be relatively high risk times for depressive episodes in women, particularly for those with pre-existing psychiatric illnesses. Therefore, it may be necessary to start or continue the pharmacological treatment of depression during these two timeframes. Hence, the aim of this review is to examine the effects on the fetus and infant of exposure, through the placenta and maternal milk, to the following drugs: fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, sertraline, citalopram, escitalopram, mirtazapine, venlafaxine, reboxetine and bupropion. The teratogenic risks, perinatal toxicity and effects on the neurobehavioural development of newborns associated with exposure through the placenta or maternal milk to these medications need to be carefully assessed before starting psychopharmacological treatment in pregnant or lactating women. In spite of the limitations of some of the studies reviewed, the older selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) [as we await further data regarding escitalopram] and venlafaxine seem to be devoid of teratogenic risks. By contrast, the data concerning possible consequences related to exposure to SSRIs via the placenta and breastmilk on neonatal adaptation and long-term neurocognitive infant's development are still controversial. Nevertheless, a number of reports have shown that an association between placental exposure to SSRIs and adverse but self-limiting effects on neonatal adaptation may exist. In addition, the information on both teratogenic and functional teratogenic risks associated with exposure to bupropion, mirtazapine and reboxetine is incomplete or absent; at present, these compounds should not be used as first-line agents in the pharmacological treatment of depression in pregnancy and breastfeeding. Untreated depression is not without its own risks since mothers affected by depression have a negative impact on the emotional development of their children and major depression, especially when complicated by a delusional component, may lead to the mother attempting suicide and infanticide. Consequently, clini-cians need to help mothers weigh the risks of prenatal exposure to drugs for their babies against the potential risks of untreated depression and abrupt discontinuation of pharmacological treatment. Given these situations, we suggest that choosing to administer psychopharmacological treatment in pregnant or breastfeeding women with depression will result primarily from a careful evaluation of their psychopathological condition; currently, the degree of severity of maternal disease appears to represent the most relevant parameter to take this clinical decision. © 2005 Adls Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treating opportunistic infections among HIV-infected adults and adolescents: Recommendations from CDC, the National Institutes of Health, and the HIV Medicine Association/Infectious Diseases Society of America$$$ The CDC, National Institutes of Health, and the HIV Medicine Association of the Infectious Diseases Society of America have developed guidelines for treatment of opportunistic infections (OIs) among adults and adolescents infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). These guidelines are intended for clinicians and other health-care providers who care for HIV-infected adults and adolescents, including pregnant women; they complement companion guidelines for treatment of OIs among HIV-infected children and previously published guidelines for prevention of OIs in these populations. They include evidence-based guidelines for treatment of 28 OIs caused by protozoa, bacteria, fungi, and viruses, including certain OIs endemic in other parts of the world but that might be observed in patients in the United States. Each OI section includes information on epidemiology, clinical manifestations, diagnosis, treatment recommendations, monitoring and adverse events, management of treatment failure, prevention of recurrence, and special considerations in pregnancy. Tables address drugs and doses, drug toxicities, drug interactions, adjustment of drug doses in persons with reduced renal function, and data about use of drugs in pregnant women. ER  - 
Effects of topiramate and gabapentin on cognitive abilities in healthy volunteers$$$ Objective: To evaluate the cognitive effects of topiramate (TPM) and gabapentin (GBP). Methods: Forty healthy volunteers were randomized to a 12-week course of TPM, GBP, or placebo. Doses were gradually escalated over 10 weeks to a maximum of 400 mg/day of TPM or 3,600 mg/day of GBP or to the highest tolerated dose. Subjects were interviewed and examined biweekly. Cognitive testing was performed prior to initiating the drug and again 12 weeks later, at least 2 weeks after achieving plateau dosing. For each subject and cognitive measure, test-retest Z scores were calculated based on regression equations derived from 73 healthy volunteers. Group comparisons utilized the Wilcoxon test. Results: There were significant TPM vs GBP and TPM vs placebo differences in test-retest Z scores for four of six target cognitive measures (Digit Symbol, Story Recall, Selective Reminding, Controlled Oral Word Association), always indicating worse retest performance for subjects receiving TPM. Overall, 12 of 24 cognitive measures were similarly affected. TPM effects were large, and several target measures averaged >2 SD of negative change. One measure was significantly affected by GBP. Conclusions: Topiramate (TPM) impaired cognitive test performance, whereas gabapentin had minimal effects. The effects of TPM were of sufficient magnitude potentially to affect daily and occupational function. Copyright © 2005 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
A randomised open-label study of tiagabine given two or three times daily in refractory epilepsy$$$ Efficacy and tolerability of tiagabine was evaluated in patients with non-controlled partial seizures in a multicentre, open-label, parallel group study. Tiagabine was administered either two (b.i.d.) or three times daily (t.i.d.) as adjunctive therapy and titrated stepwise to a target of 40 mg/day during a 12-week, fixed-schedule titration period; this was followed by a 12-week flexible continuation period. The primary efficacy endpoint was the proportion of patients completing the fixed-schedule titration period. A total of 243 patients were randomised and received treatment, 123 to b.i.d. and 120 to t.i.d. dosing. Fewer patients in the b.i.d. (76 and 62%) than in the t.i.d. (87 and 72%) group completed the fixed-schedule titration period (OR: 0.562; 95% CI: 0.309-1.008; P = 0.0532). The median percentage decrease in all types of seizure (excluding status epilepticus) during the fixed schedule titration period was 33.4% for the b.i.d. and 23.8% for the t.i.d. groups (P = 0.9634; Van Elteren's test). The proportion of responders was similar for the b.i.d. and t.i.d. groups. There were no significant differences between dosage regimens in the change in median seizure rates from baseline. Adverse events were more frequent during the titration than the continuation period. Most events were mild and related to the central nervous system. Although their incidence was similar between treatment groups, severity was more frequent in the b.i.d. group. Our results suggest that during titration tiagabine is better tolerated with t.i.d. dosing, but during long-term maintenance, a t.i.d. schedule is as effective and well tolerated as b.i.d. © 2004 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of BEA Trading Ltd. ER  - 
Frequency of panic symptoms in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ This study investigates the frequency of symptoms of panic attack in a sample of adults (n = 18) and adolescents (n = 21) who were evaluated for intractable seizure disorder and diagnosed with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES). Medical records were retrospectively reviewed for symptoms associated with their typical seizure events as documented by the attending epileptologist. Adolescents, as a group, reported significantly more symptoms of panic attack than adults. Three adolescents met the full criteria for a panic attack, while no adults met these criteria. In addition, while numerous adults endorsed no panic symptoms associated with their PNES episodes, all adolescents endorsed at least one symptom. Implications of results are discussed in terms of the diagnosis and treatment of PNES in the different age groups. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Management of chronic low back pain$$$ Chronic low back pain is common. It presents a clinical challenge with widespread implications for resource utilization on a national scale. The causes of chronic low back pain may be mechanical or nonmechanical, nociceptive or neuropathic. Diagnosis is problematic because available tools lack both specificity and sensitivity. In rare instances, the cause of chronic low back pain can be attributed to an identified cause. Comprehensive pain management relies on the use of pharmacotherapy, physical therapy, and a multidisciplinary approach to treatment. Recent studies have shown a benefit for traditional adjunctive therapies and interdisciplinary treatment. Antidepressants and opioids have been and remain key elements for medical management, and some recently developed therapies have shown promising results in clinical trials. The following article presents an overview of evidence-based management for chronic low back pain, with an emphasis on pharmaceutical therapies. ER  - 
Effect of cotherapy reduction on tolerability of epilepsy add-on therapy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Adverse effects are the most common cause for failure of an antiepileptic drug (AED), especially when an AED is added to existing therapy. With the increased drug load, it may not be possible to titrate the newly added AED to effective doses. Reducing the dosage of AED cotherapy as the new drug is introduced may improve tolerability. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate reduction of AED cotherapy as a strategy to improve tolerability and patient retention when a new AED is added to existing therapy. METHODS: In a 20-week, randomized, open-label study, topiramate was initiated as add-on therapy in adults and adolescents (≥12 y of age) with inadequately controlled partial-onset seizures. Patients were randomized to receive treatment in which adverse events could be managed by adjustments in AED cotherapy (flex-dose group) or treatment in which AED cotherapy dosages remained fixed (fixed-dose group). Topiramate could be adjusted as needed in both groups. In the flex-dose group, patients exited randomized treatment when topiramate was discontinued. In the fixed-dose group, patients exited when AED cotherapy was reduced due to adverse events or when topiramate was discontinued. The primary study outcome was the percentage of patients exiting randomized treatment due to adverse events. RESULTS: The flex-dose group comprised 297 patients; 302 patients were in the fixed-dose group. Significantly fewer patients in the flex-dose group exited the study due to adverse events (16% vs 23% in the fixed-dose group; p = 0.02). In the flex-dose group, 10% (17 of 168) of patients discontinued topiramate due to adverse events after AED cotherapy was reduced versus 22% (29 of 129) when AED cotherapy was not reduced. CONCLUSIONS: Reduction of AED cotherapy is a useful strategy to improve tolerability and retention when topiramate is initiated as adjunctive therapy. ER  - 
Neuroleptic-induced movement disorders: An overview$$$ This article provides an overview of neuroleptic-induced movement disorders. ER  - 
College guidelines on electroconvulsive therapy: An update for prescribers$$$ This article is intended to update prescribes of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) on the key points of the revised edition of the Royal College of Psychiatrist's ECT Handbook (due to be published in 2005). The two most important tenets that influenced the revision were that evidence from systematic reviews and appraisals was balanced with expert judgement based on clinical experience, and that both prescribes and practitioners should strive to reduce further the cognitive adverse effects of treatment. The article concentrates on revised guidance regarding the indications for ECT, important elements of the process of informed consent, and the prescription of treatment, i.e. choice of electrode placement and the frequency and total number of treatments. ER  - 
Innovations in antineoplastic therapy$$$ Cancer is a complex group of diseases. Many of the current treatment modalities available provide limited effectiveness and significant side effects. This circumstance creates a challenge for health care providers. There is great need for the development of innovative therapies that increase efficacy and decrease morbidity [44]. In general, chemotherapeutic agents are unable to distinguish cancer cells from normal cells. As a result of therapy, patients may develop significant myelosuppression. Patients who are undergoing chemotherapy need to be observed for signs of hematologic and nonhematologic toxicities. Patients should be advised that periodic blood tests are indicated to monitor for anemia, neutropenia, and thrombocytopenia. If myelosuppression develops, measures to prevent complications such as bleeding and infection are indicated. Strategies to combat fatigue should also be discussed. Understanding of the biology of cancer has increased significantly in recent years. As knowledge of the science grows, new therapies are developed and clinical trials are initiated to investigate feasibility and efficacy of agents. Many of these trials involve agents that target specific biologic processes of cancer. While the complexities of cancer treatment are prolonging the life expectancy of patients who have the disease, patients are presenting with increasing numbers and types of morbidities. Nurses need to be aware of the rationale for treatment, mechanism of action of the agents administered, and expected toxicities of therapies. With this knowledge, symptoms can be identified earlier, life-threatening sequela can possibly be averted, and patients and families can be educated about what to expect and how to make knowledgeable decisions about treatment options. Enhancing patients' knowledge base may also increase their adherence to challenging therapies. ER  - 
Impact of mailed warning to prescribers on the co-prescription of tramadol and antidepressants$$$ Purpose: An evaluation was made of the effectiveness in changing prescribing behavior of 'Dear Health Professional (DHP)' letters mailed by the manufacturer to physicians and other health professionals advising them of safety information on co-prescribing of tramadol and antidepressants. Methods: A retrospective cohort analysis of prescription claims of all plan members from 12 UnitedHealth Group-affiliated health plans who received a first prescription for tramadol between 1 April 1995 and 31 December 1996. The prevalence of co-prescribing of antidepressants and tramadol relative to the date of the 'DHP' communication was determined. Results: 9218 plan members received an initial prescription for tramadol within the observation period. Prior to the date of the 'DHP' communication 1061/4774 (22.2%) members received a prescription for an antidepressant within 30 days of their first prescription for tramadol. Following the date of the communication 844/4444 (19.0%) of members received an anti-depressant within 30 days of their first prescription for tramadol. An overall decreasing linear trend in antidepressant coprescribing was evident over the observation period, but there was no statistically significant acceleration in the decrease following this communication. Conclusions: The mailed 'DHP' advisory letter did not affect the rate of co-prescribing of tramadol with antidepressants. Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Integrative oncology: Complementary therapies for pain, anxiety, and mood disturbance$$$ Many people with cancer experience pain, anxiety, and mood disturbance. Conventional treatments do not always satisfactorily relieve these symptoms, and some patients may not be able to tolerate their side effects. Complementary therapies such as acupuncture, mind-body techniques, massage, and other methods can help relieve symptoms and improve physical and mental well-being. Self-hypnosis and relaxation techniques help reduce procedural pain. Acupuncture is well documented to relieve chronic cancer pain. Massage and meditation improve anxiety and other symptoms of distress. Many dietary supplements contain biologically active constituents with effects on mood. However, not all complementary therapies are appropriate or useful, and even helpful complementary modalities may not be optimal under some circumstances. Situations when precaution is indicated include acute onset of symptoms and severe symptoms, which require immediate mainstream intervention. Dietary supplements are associated with serious negative consequences under some circumstances. The authors summarize the research on these modalities and discuss the rationale, expectation, and necessary precautions involved with combining complementary therapies and mainstream care. Practical clinical issues are addressed. © American Cancer Society, Inc., 2005. ER  - 
Psychotropic drug interactions with valproate$$$ Valproate is a well-established anticonvulsant that is increasingly being employed, often in combination with other psychotropics, for its mood-stabilizing properties. This compound is metabolized by conjugation, β-oxidation, and cytochrome P450 oxidation (CYP2C9, CYP2C19, and CYP2A6) and also acts as a broad-spectrum inhibitor of a variety of hepatic enzymes including glucoronyltransferase, epoxide hydrolase, and the CYP2C enzymes. In addition, it exhibits saturable protein binding and competes with many drugs for protein binding sites. It is therefore not surprising that valproate has been noted to interact with psychotropic medications of all classes. This article provides an overview of the noted pharmacokinetic psychotropic interactions with valproate, with a particular focus on the mechanisms of these interactions and potential clinical consequences. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Preliminary observations on the effectiveness of levetiracetam in the open adjunctive treatment of refractory bipolar disorder$$$ Objective: Levetiracetam is a recently approved, well-tolerated anticonvulsant with a unique mechanism of action yielding efficacy in treatment-refractory seizure disorders and positive effects in an animal model of mania. Given the effectiveness of a range of other anticonvulsants in bipolar disorder, we sought to evaluate levetiracetam in patients with treatment-resistant illness. Method: Thirty-four patients received 500 to 1000 mg of levetiracetam titrated to a target dose of 2000 mg/day (maximum dose = 3000 mg/day) as open, adjunctive treatment for clinically significant symptoms of depression (N = 13), mania (N = 7), or cycling (N = 14) despite ongoing treatment with mood stabilizers. Inventory for Depressive Symptomatology- Clinician version (IDS-C), Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS), and Clinical Global Impressions scale for use in Bipolar Illness ratings were completed at each visit for 8 weeks, and partial responders were offered continuation treatment. Data were collected from July 2001 to December 2002. Results: Five of 16 (31%; 13 depressed, 3 cycling) patients with initial depressive symptoms met the criterion for remission (IDS-C score of ≤ 13) at last observation. All of these patients were less severely ill at baseline, whereas none of those more severely depressed at baseline responded. The majority of the 16 patients (7 manic, 9 cycling) with manic symptoms at baseline showed improvement in the YMRS in the first 2 weeks. While 7 of the 16 (44%) patients met the criterion for manic response and remission at last observation, 4 snowed intervening periods of moderate to marked exacerbation. Levetiracetam was weight neutral. Conclusion: Other pilot trials should explore possible areas of psychotropic action of levetiracetam prior to the conduct of more controlled clinical trials. ER  - 
Lay public's understanding of equipoise and randomisation in randomised controlled trials$$$ Objectives: To research the lay public's understanding of equipoise and randomisation in randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and to look at why information on this may not be not taken in or remembered, as well as the effects of providing information designed to overcome barriers. Design: Investigations were informed by an update of systematic review on patients' understanding of consent information in clinical trials, and by relevant theory and evidence from experimental psychology. Nine investigations were conducted with nine participants. Setting: Access (return to education), leisure and vocational courses at Further Education Colleges in the Midlands, UK. Participants: Healthy adults with a wide range of educational backgrounds and ages. Investigations: Participants read hypothetical scenarios and wrote brief answers to subsequent questions. Sub-samples of participants were interviewed individually to elaborate on their written answers. Participants' background assumptions concerning equipoise and randomisation were examined and ways of helping participants recognise the scientific benefits of randomisation were explored. Main outcome measures: Judgments on allocation methods; treatment preferences; the acceptability of random allocation; whether or not individual doctors could be completely unsure about the best treatment; whether or not doctors should reveal treatment preferences under conditions of collective equipoise; and how sure experts would be about the best treatment following random allocation vs doctor/patient choice. Assessments of understanding hypothetical trial information. Results: Recent literature continues to report trial participants' failure to understand or remember information about randomisation and equipoise, despite the provision of clear and readable trial information leaflets. In current best practice, written trial information describes what will happen without offering accessible explanations. As a consequence, patients may create their own incorrect interpretations and consent or refusal may be inadequately informed. In six investigations, most participants identified which methods of allocation were random, but judged the random allocation methods to be unacceptable in a trial context; the mere description of a treatment as new was insufficient to engender a preference for it over a standard treatment; around half of the participants denied that a doctor could be completely unsure about the best treatment. A majority of participants judged it unacceptable for a doctor to suggest letting chance decide when uncertain of the best treatment, and, in the absence of a justification for random allocation, participants did not recognise scientific benefits of random allocation over normal treatment allocation methods. The pattern of results across three intervention studies suggests that merely supplementing written trial information with an explanation is unlikely to be helpful. However, when people manage to focus on the trial's aim of increasing knowledge (as opposed to making treatment decisions about individuals), and process an explanation actively, they may be helped to understand the scientific reasons for random allocation. Conclusions: This research was not carried out in real healthcare settings. However, participants who could correctly identify random allocation methods, yet judged random allocation unacceptable, doubted the possibility of individual equipoise and saw no scientific benefits of random allocation over doctor/patient choice, are unlikely to draw upon contrasting views if invited to enter a real clinical trial. This suggests that many potential trial participants may have difficulty understanding and remembering trial information that conforms to current best practice in its descriptions of randomisation and equipoise. Given the extent of the disparity between the assumptions underlying trial design and the assumptions held by the lay public, the solution is unlikely to be simple. Nevertheless, the results suggest that including an accessible explanation of the scientific benefits of randomisation may be beneficial provided potential participants are also enabled to reflect on the trial's aim of advancing knowledge, and to think actively about the information presented. Further areas for consideration include: the identification of effective combinations of written and oral information; helping participants to reflect on the aim of advancing knowledge; and an evidence-based approach to leaflet construction. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2005. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The treatment of cardiac causes of sudden death, syncope, and seizure$$$ The treatment for pediatric causes for sudden cardiac death can either be general and supportive or, in 2005, can be much more etiology specific. While antiarrhythmic therapy and activity restriction have been for years the mainstay of therapy, newer technologies such as radiofrequency ablation and automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillators (AICDs) are now more commonly applied for certain disease entities. The evolving role for clinical genetic testing to determine the specific etiology of pediatric sudden cardiac death continues to evolve. Further improvements in risk stratification will allow us to determine which patients are at greatest risk, so that aggressive treatment can be delivered to these subgroups. In the future, there may be gene-specific therapies and/or genetic modification. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Risk of worsened encephalopathy after intravenous glycerol therapy in patients with adult-onset type II citrullinemia (CTLN2)$$$ Objective: We report a risk of worsening of encephalopathy by glycerol infusion when this osmotic agent is used for the treatment of brain edema in patients with ault-onset type II citrullinemia (CTLN2) caused by citrin deficiency. Patients and methods: We performed a retrospective investigation of 3 patients with CTLN2 treated for brain edema at our institute: a 31-year-old male patient and a 40-year-old female patient received treatment for encephalopathy-related brain edema with 10% glycerol infusion and 20% D-mannitol, and a 40-year-old male patient received only 20% D-mannitol infusion. In addition, we also performed a retrospective study in 11 CTLN2 patients reported previously (8 patients treated with 10% glycerol, 2 treated with 10% glycerol and 20% mannitol, and 1 treated with 20% mannitol). Results: The 12 patients treated with 10% glycerol, including 2 of our patients, died due to rapidly deteriorating encephalopathy and brain edema. On the other hand, the 2 patients who received only 20% D-mannitol, including one of our patients, recovered with the disappearance f brain edema. Conclusion: In CTLN2 patients, glycerol infusion seems to be associated with exacerbation of encephalopathy itself and only mannitol should be used for the treatment of brain edema in patients with this disorder. ER  - 
Effects of phenytoin on memory, cognition and brain structure in post-traumatic stress disorder: A pilot study$$$ Phenytoin (Dilantin®) is an anticonvulsant used in the treatment of epilepsy. It is believed to act by modulation of glutamatergic transmission. Because the neurobiology of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has been hypothesized to involve alterations in glutamatergic transmission with subsequention neurotoxicity, we assessed the effects of phenytoin on cognition and brain structure in PTSD patients. Phenytoin was administered in an open label fashion for 3 months to nine adult patients with PTSD related to a variety of traumas, including early abuse, combat and car accidents. Subjects underwent magnetic resonance imaging for measurement of whole brain and hippocampal volume, and neuropsychological testing of memory and cognition, before and after treatment. Phenytoin treatment resulted in a significant 6% increase in right brain volume (p < 0.05). Increased hippocampal volume was correlated with reductions in symptom severity as measured by the Clinician Administered PTSD Scale and improvements in executive function as measured by the Trails test. However, treatment associated improvements in memory and cognition did not achieve statistical significance. These findings suggest that phenytoin treatment may be associated with changes in brain structure in patients with PTSD. © 2005 British Association for Psychopharmacology. ER  - 
Supportive therapy in neuro-oncology$$$ Patients with cerebral neoplasms often report pain or other kinds of symptoms which, even though not directly connected to the disease itself, can cause complications in the approach to therapy and worsen the quality of life of the patients. The therapies aimed at controlling these kinds of disturbances are referred to as supportive therapies as they do not cure the underlying disease. However, these therapies should not be underestimated, because, by controlling these disturbances, they are able not only to greatly improve the quality of life of the neuro-oncologic patients but also increase their survival. Based on this hypothesis, we will discuss and examine the drugs more frequently used for supportive therapy in neuro-oncologic patients. We assert, in fact, that the desire to offer neuro-oncologic patients better assistance guarantees not only adequate specialized input from the health operators involved, concerning the quality of life and the uniqueness of the 'person-patient', but also the ability to be able to listen to the patients, understand their choices and allow them to express their priorities. ER  - 
Herbal medicine and surgery$$$ Herbal remedies (phytomedicines) possess significant pharmacological activity and consequently potential adverse effects and drug interactions. The explosion in sales of herbal therapies has brought products to the marketplace that do not conform to the standards of safety and efficacy that physicians and patients expect. Relatively few physicians inquire about herbal medicine use, and up to 70% of patients do not reveal their use of herbal medicines to their physicians and pharmacists. All physicians should question patients regarding the use of herbal remedies and document their responses in the medical record. They should caution patients that lack of standardization, quality control, and regulation may result in variability in herbal content, efficacy, and potential contamination. Physicians should be aware of potential adverse reactions stemming from herbal medicine use, especially with regard to perioperative bleeding, cardiovascular instability, and interactions with commonly prescribed sedative-hypnotic agents. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A randomized controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy of paroxetine and doxepin in treating epileptic patients with depression$$$ Aim: To observe the safety and efficacy of paroxetine and doxepin in treating depression in epileptic patients. Methods: Sixty-seven epileptic patients accompanied by depression, who were treated in the Affiliated Hospital of Medical College, Yan' an University, were randomly divided into treatment group (n = 33) and control group (n = 31), all the patients were treated with regular antiepileptic drugs. Paroxetine and doxepin were used in the treatment group and control group to improve the depressive symptoms respectively. After 8 weeks, the patients were assessed with Hamilton depression scale (HAMD) and Hamilton anxiety scale (HAMA), the therapeutic efficacy and adverse effects were compared between the two groups. Results: The scores of HAMD and HAMA scales after treatment were significantly decreased as compared with those before treatment in both groups (P < 0. 05). There were insignificant differences in the scores of HAMD and HAMA and the significant effective rate between the two groups (P > 0. 05). Fewer adverse effects were observed in patients of the treatment group than in the control group. Conclusion: Paroxetine is effective and safe in treating epileptic patients with depression, which can be considered as the first-selected drug. Doxepin also has a good therapeutic efficacy, which has more side effects and can be used as the second-selected drug. ER  - 
The safety of non-stimulant agents for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder$$$ Due to their well-established efficacy and safety, stimulants are the drugs of first choice if medication for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is required. Nevertheless, for some individuals other, non-stimulant treatments are needed for several reasons. If so, atomoxetine is recommended as a second-line treatment. In addition, several tricyclic antidepressants, such as desipramine or imipramine, as well as α-2 agonists, especially clonidine or bupropion, might be efficient in treating ADHD, in particular in specific co-morbid conditions. Despite the fact that non-stimulant treatments in ADHD are usually well-tolerated with side effects being mostly moderate and transient, special safety aspects and precautions, specific for each drug, have to be considered whenever a non-stimulant treatment is chosen. This review focuses on the tolerability, occurrence of adverse events, precautions required to prevent severe adverse events, and essential pharmacological interaction in the treatment of ADHD symptoms by non-stimulants. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical assessment of axis I psychiatric morbidity in chronic epilepsy: A multicenter investigation$$$ This study characterizes the rate of current Axis I DSM-IV disorders using a brief standardized psychiatric interview procedure, the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (v5.0) (MINI), and determined the validity of MINI diagnoses of current depressive episodes to the research standard (Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Disorders [SCID]). One hundred seventy-four patients with chronic epilepsy from five tertiary medical centers were interviewed using the MINI and the mood disorders module of the SCID. Current Axis I disorders were evident in one-half the sample (49%), with prevalent anxiety (30.4%) and mood (21.8%) disorders. Major depressive episode was the most common individual diagnosis (17.2%). Concordance was high between the MINI and SCID for diagnoses of current depression, especially for major depression. Of those with current major depression, less than one-half were treated with antidepressant medications. Current Axis I DSM-IV diagnoses can be effectively and accurately identified in clinical settings using shorter standardized psychiatric interview techniques. Issues regarding recognition and treatment of psychiatric morbidity in epilepsy are discussed. copyright © 2005 American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc. ER  - 
Treatment variability and outcome differences in the emergency department management of alcohol withdrawal$$$ Objective: Evidence suggests that symptom-triggered benzodiazepine treatment for patients with alcohol withdrawal reduces complication rates and emergency department lengths of stay. Our objective was to describe the management of alcohol withdrawal in 2 urban emergency departments. Methods: A structured chart audit was performed for patients with alcohol-related problems who presented to 2 Toronto hospitals over a 2-year period. Results: A total of 209 emergency department charts were audited. Patient characteristics were similar in both hospitals. None of the patients had been assessed using the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWAAr) scale. Patients at one hospital received substantially higher mean diazepam doses (64 mg v. 26 mg; p < 0.001) than did the patients at the other hospital, and the patients at the first hospital had fewer seizures during their emergency department stay (1% v. 9%; p = 0.012). Patients spent an average of 9 hours and 40 minutes in the emergency department. Conclusion: There is significant variability in the documentation and treatment of alcohol withdrawal. Lower benzodiazepine doses are associated with higher rate of withdrawal seizures and prolonged emergency department length of stay. A standardized approach using symptom-triggered management is likely to improve outcomes for patients presenting with alcohol withdrawal. © 1998-2005 Canadian Association of Emergency Physicians. ER  - 
Managing bipolar disorder in the elderly: Defining the role of the newer agents$$$ Clinical research in geriatric psychopharmacology has been a relatively neglected focus compared with the wealth of information on younger populations, and there is a dearth of published, controlled trials. Similarly, these are limited data in the area of geriatric bipolar disorder. Although there is an absence of rigorous, evidence-based information, preliminary data on older adults with bipolar disorder suggest some promising treatment options and important differences in older versus younger patients with bipolar illness. Lithium, while widely utilised in younger populations, is often poorly tolerated in the elderly. Clinical evidence regarding use of antiepileptic compounds in late-life bipolar disorder is generally compiled from bipolar disorder studies in mixed populations, studies in older adults with seizure disorders, and studies on dementia and psychotic conditions other than bipolar disorder. Valproate semisodium and carbamazepine are widely prescribed compounds in older adults with bipolar disorder. However, the popularity of these compounds has occurred in context of an absence of evidence-based data. The atypical antipsychotics have expanded the treatment armamentarium for bipolar disorder in mixed populations and may offer particular promise in management of bipolar illness in older populations as well. Olanzapine, risperidone, quetiapine, ziprasidone and aripiprazole are atypical antipsychotics that have been approved by the US FDA for the treatment of bipolar disorder; however, there are no published, controlled trials with atypical antipsychotics specific to mania in geriatric patients. Preliminary reports on the use of clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine and quetiapine suggest a role for the use of these agents in late-life bipolar disorder. Information with ziprasidone and aripiprazole specific to geriatric bipolar disorder is still lacking. ER  - 
Review of the use of topiramate for treatment of psychiatric disorders$$$ Background: Topiramate is a new antiepileptic drug, originally designed as an oral hypoglycaemic subsequently approved as anticonvulsant. It has increasingly been used in the treatment of numerous psychiatric conditions and it has also been associated with weight loss potentially relevant in reversing weight gain induced by psychotropic medications. This article reviews pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profile of topiramate, its biological putative role in treating psychiatric disorders and its relevance in clinical practice. Methods: A comprehensive search from a range of databases was conducted and papers addressing the topic were selected. Results: Thirty-two published reports met criteria for inclusion, 4 controlled and 28 uncontrolled studies. Five unpublished controlled studies were also identified in the treatment of acute mania. Conclusions: Topiramate lacks efficacy in the treatment of acute mania. Increasing evidence, based on controlled studies, supports the use of topiramate in binge eating disorders, bulimia nervosa, alcohol dependence and possibly in bipolar disorders in depressive phase. In the treatment of rapid cycling bipolar disorders, as adjunctive treatment in refractory bipolar disorder in adults and children, schizophrenia, posttraumatic stress disorder, unipolar depression, emotionally unstable personality disorder and Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome the evidence is entirely based on open label studies, case reports and case series. Regarding weight loss, findings are encouraging and have potential implications in reversing increased body weight, normalisation of glycemic control and blood pressure. Topiramate was generally well tolerated and serious adverse events were rare. © 2005 Arnone; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Pain and terminal delirium research in the elderly$$$ This article highlights new developments in assessment and management of pain and delirium. ER  - 
Effects of additional oxazepam in long-term users of oxazepam$$$ Although additional dosages of benzodiazepines in long-term users of benzodiazepines are common, it is unknown whether these additional dosages resort any effect. The effects of an additional 20-mg dosage oxazepam were assessed in a double-blind, balanced-order, crossover randomized study comparing 16 long-term users of oxazepam (patients) with 18 benzodiazepine-naive controls (controls). The effects of 10 and 30 mg oxazepam were assessed at pre-test and 2.5 hours after drug administration on: (a) saccadic eye movements as proxy for the sedative effect, (b) acoustic startle response (ASR) as proxy for the anxiolytic effects, (c) memory, (d) reaction time tasks, and (e) subjective measurements. Dose-related effects were found in patients on the peak velocity of saccadic eye movement and on response probability, respectively peak amplitude of the ASR. Comparison with controls, however, suggests that in patients the sedative effects might be mixed up with suppression of sedative withdrawal symptoms, whereas patients were as sensitive as benzodiazepine-naive controls for the effects of an additional dosage on the ASR. Neither 10 nor 30 mg oxazepam challenge affected the reaction time tasks in patients, whereas controls show a dose-related impairment. The memory impairing effects, however, did not differ significantly between patients and controls. In contrast to controls, patients could not discriminate between a 10- and 30-mg dosage as assessed by visual analogue scales and the STAI-DY-1, which might indicate a placebo effect in the 10-mg challenge in patients. We conclude that additional dosages of oxazepam still exert pronounced effects after daily use for more than 10 years. ER  - 
The use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors during pregnancy and breast-feeding: A review and clinical aspects$$$ Mood and anxiety disorders are common in women during their childbearing years. The prevalence of depression has been reported to be between 10% and 16% during pregnancy. The use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors during pregnancy or lactation is, to date, not promoted because of lack of safety documentation. However, the off-label use of these drugs has been common for several years. In the treatment of mood and anxiety disorders during pregnancy, the serotonin reuptake inhibitors are often preferred over tricyclic antidepressants because of their relatively few adverse effects and safety in overdose. This has created concern among women planning pregnancies and pregnant women, as well as among their families and physicians. Several studies and reports of the use of serotonin reuptake inhibitors during both pregnancy and lactation have been published and advanced our knowledge. We here review and discuss those studies which have been published so far on this subject. ER  - 
Similarities between actions of estrogen and BDNF in the hippocampus: Coincidence or clue?$$$ The principal ovarian estrogen, estradiol, and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) have widespread effects on the CNS that have usually been studied independently. This article examines the similarities in the effects of estradiol and BDNF in the hippocampus, in light of the evidence that estradiol can induce BDNF expression, and recent data suggesting that structural and electrophysiological effects of estradiol in the hippocampus might be mediated by BDNF. The possible role of BDNF as a signaling molecule downstream of estrogen in the hippocampus has implications for our understanding of several cellular and behavioral hippocampal functions, including dendritic and synaptic plasticity, learning and cognitive behavior. Furthermore, disruption of the relationship between estrogen and BDNF could contribute to neurological and psychiatric disorders that have been associated with the hippocampus, such as Alzheimer's disease, depression and epilepsy. ER  - 
Managinq attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: Unmet needs and future directions$$$ The management of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) requires a multimodal approach. Although shared-care protocols are suggested, uptake by general practice has been tentative. Behavioural management, both on its own and in combination with pharmacotherapy, reduces core symptoms and associated behaviours, such as oppositional defiant disorder (ODD). Links with education and social support are also important for helping children and their families. Psychostimulants have shown to be effective in the treatment of ADHD, however, their short duration of action highlights potential limitations. Other drugs used in the management of ADHD and comorbid disorders include antidepressants, clonidine and its analogues, newer atypical neuroleptics, and atomoxetine, a novel, non-stimulant therapy that has potential to fulfil some unmet treatment needs. Further research is needed in preschool children, girls, those with epilepsy, young adults, and in those with associated sleep disturbance. Selected rating scales and careful history taking, allied to close links with schools, are vital for the initial and ongoing assessment of ADHD and its comorbidities. ER  - 
Randomized clinical trial of tacrolimus- vs cyclosporine-based immunosuppression in pediatric heart transplantation: Preliminary results at 15-month follow-up$$$ Background: While Tacrolimus (Tac) and Cyclosporine (Cya) immunosuppression are used after cardiac transplantation (tx), few studies have evaluated their use in pediatric patients. Methods: We randomized 26 heart transplant recipients (pts) in a prospective, open-label trial to Tac (n = 14) or Cya (n = 12) to compare their efficacy and side-effects. Mean age at tx was 4.2 years for Tac and 5.8 years for Cya. Mean follow-up was 26 months (range: 11-39 months) for Tac and 24 months for Cya (range: 33-13 months). Results: Our data suggest that both regimens are efficacious in the pediatric population. Conversion from Cya to Tac was useful for dealing with persistent rejection, although this sample did not suggest lower incidence of acute cellular rejection in the Tac group. Conclusions: Further studies are required to establish pharmacokinetic parameters to enhance therapeutic monitoring of these patients to minimize side effects and enhance outcomes. Copyright © 2005 by the International Society for Heart and Lung Transplantation. ER  - 
Recruitment of a cohort of lamotrigine users through community pharmacists: Differences between patients who gave informed consent and those who did not$$$ Objective. Community pharmacists may function as intermediaries in the recruitment of a population-based cohort of patients using specific drugs. In this study, baseline characteristics and the retention rate of patients that gave informed consent, refused and did not answer were compared. Methods. A total of 1819 patients using the new antiepileptic drug (AED) lamotrigine were asked to provide informed consent for a retrospective chart study via their individual pharmacist. Four possible reactions resulted from the consent question: active consent, active refusal, passive refusal and non-informed. Patient characteristics and lamotrigine retention rate of the different groups were compared. Results. Pharmacists did not inform a total of 183 patients (10%). Of the remaining patients, a total of 968 (59%) gave consent; 101 (6%) actively refused and 567 (35%) did not respond. Age, burden of illness, psychotropic co-medication and continuation of lamotrigine therapy were related to active consent. Lamotrigine retention rate in patients that gave consent was higher than in other patients. Conclusions. Patient recruitment with community pharmacists as intermediaries for observational studies on the effects of (new) drugs is feasible, and allows access to a broad population of patients. The recruitment procedure, however, may lead to selection bias. Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical perspective on choice of atypical antipsychotics in elderly patients with dementia, part I$$$ Atypical antipsychotics are utilized in the elderly to manage a broad spectrum of psychotic and behavioral symptoms. The clinician is faced with increasingly complex decisions regarding the use and choice of agents. Much of the focused use of atypical antipsychotics in the elderly, the management of psychosis and behavioral disturbance associated with dementia, remains an off-label treatment. Recent Food and Drug Administration warnings regarding metabolic issues, cardiac conduction, and risk of cerebrovascular adverse events have put the clinician in a precarious position in managing patients with dementia with psychiatric and behavioral symptoms. However, there is significant literature supporting the general safety and efficacy of these agents. Part I of this article discusses the recent warnings associated with atypical agents. Part II will profile each of the six atypical agents available in the U.S market, and present an algorithm for treatment. ER  - 
Medical therapy of Crohn's disease$$$ There is no medical or surgical treatment that provides a permanent cure for Crohn's disease (CD). However, an evolving understanding of the pathogenesis of CD has provided clinicians with a diversity of medical treatment options for the disease. The goal of therapy is to induce and maintain clinical remission. The efficacy of immune-modifying agents such as azathioprine/6-mercaptopurine and infliximab have supported a paradigm shift in CD treatment in which maintenance agents are introduced earlier in the disease course. At the same time, it is imperative to balance the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of medical therapy. Given the variable and relapsing clinical course of CD, the physician and patient should ideally develop an ongoing relationship that allows for individualization of treatment regimens, monitoring of response and side effects, and modification of the therapeutic strategy in the absence of improvement. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Arrhythmias - The options for treatment$$$ The goal of treatment for patients with arrhythmias is preferably to return the heart to sinus rhythm, or failing that, at least to stabilise the rate. The second article in this month's special feature reviews the pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatment options available. ER  - 
Novel strategies for prevention and treatment of influenza$$$ Influenza viruses continue to be a major health challenge due to antigenic variation in envelope proteins and animal reservoirs for the viruses. Of particular concern is an anticipated influenza pandemic in the near future. Vaccination is currently the most effective means of reducing morbidity and mortality during influenza epidemics. In addition, neuraminidase inhibitors have substantially improved antiviral therapy for influenza. However, influenza infection in children and the elderly remain problematic. Furthermore, major innovations in prevention and therapy will be needed to deal with an influenza pandemic. This review assesses available and investigational antivirals and vaccines for influenza, emphasising novel approaches that may improve ability to cope with infection in children and the elderly or during a pandemic. Some adverse sequelae of influenza appear to relate to impairment or pathogenic activation of immune responses. Exciting recent findings in this area, with relevance to influenza treatment, are reviewed. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Review of awakening agents$$$ Brain injuries are a serious burden of illness to Canada and the US. Advances in managing head trauma have allowed more patients to emerge from decreased levels of consciousness and helped them cope with neurocognitive, neurobehavioural, and neuropsychiatric deficits. In this article, we review the current (1986-2002) evidence surrounding the pharmacological management of arousal states and the aforementioned neurological sequelae of head injury in either acute or chronic conditions. This article will review the evidence for the use of psychostimulants (methylphenidate), antidepressants (amitriptyline, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and buproprion), Parkinson's medications (amantadine, bromocriptine, carbidopa/levodopa), anticonvulsants (valproic acid), modafinil (Provigil), lactate, hyperbaric oxygen chamber, electroconvulsive therapy, and transmagnetic stimulation, in patients following a head injury. The review did not include all anticonvulsants, neuroleptics, beta-blockers, benzodiazepines, azospirones or cognitive enhancers. Unfortunately, the quality of the evidence is generally poor, and sometimes conflicting, which in turn results in indecisive guidelines for treating patients. Accepting the inherent flaws in the evidence we feel that this paper may serve as a stepping-stone for future researchers to improve data gathering that targets neurocognitive, neurobehavioural and neuropsychiatric symptoms following a head injury. ER  - 
Clobazam as add-on therapy for temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis$$$ Background: Clobazam is a benzodiazepine with known antiepileptic action; however, it is not considered first line therapy in the treatment of epilepsy. The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of clobazam as add-on therapy in adults with temporal lobe epilepsy associated with MRI evidence of hippocampal sclerosis (HS). Method: This is a retrospective study, conducted at our epilepsy clinic which evaluated clobazam as add-on therapy in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and MRI signs of HS. Clobazam was prescribed based on the minimum effective dose up to the maximum tolerated dose. Results: Seventy-eight patients met the inclusion criteria (51 women), ages ranging from 16 to 76 years old (mean=42.2). Dosage of clobazam ranged from 5 to 60 mg/day (mean=22.6 mg/day). Clobazam was used from one month to eight years (mean=29 months). Sixteen (20.5%) patients were seizure-free, 20 (25.5%) had more than 75% improvement in seizure control, eight (10%) had more than 50% and 20 (26%) were non responders to clobazam. In 14 (18%) we could not determine seizure frequency during follow-up. The improvement in seizure control lasted for more than one year in 30 (68%) patients. Conclusion: Our data suggest that clobazam should be considered as add-on therapy in the treatment of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy associated with MRI signs of HS. ER  - 
Medical therapy of epilepsy: When to initiate treatment and when to combine?$$$ Most patients reporting more than one well-documented or witnessed seizure require prophylactic antiepileptic (AED) therapy. Those with an underlying brain disorder and/or an abnormal electroencephalogram should probably be treated after their first event. The goal should be maintenance of a normal lifestyle by complete seizure control with no or minimal side-effects. Failure of the first AED due to lack of efficacy implies refractoriness. A policy of consecutive substitutions is unlikely to be an effective strategy. Thus, if the first or second monotherapy improves control but does not produce seizure freedom, an AED with different and perhaps multiple mechanisms of action should be added. Strategies for combining drugs should involve individual assessment of patient-related factors, including seizure type and epilepsy syndrome classifications coupled with an understanding of the pharmacology, side-effects and interaction profile of the AEDs. Reducing the dose of one or more AEDs may help accommodate the introduction of a second or third drug. An orderly approach to the pharmacological management and, when appropriate, surgical investigations for each epilepsy syndrome will optimise the chance of perfect seizure control and help more people achieve safer and more fulfilled lives. ER  - 
Can alcohol intoxication be excluded as the cause of confusion following head injury?$$$ Objective: To assess whether there is a breath alcohol level (BrAC) below which confusion in the head injured patient should not be attributed solely to the acute effects of alcohol. Method: Based in the Accident and Emergency Ward in Glasgow Royal Infirmary, a prospective observational study was carried out over a five month period. Patients admitted to the ward were recruited for the study if they had a primary diagnosis of head injury. The outcome measures recorded and analysed were sequential 2 hrly BrAC readings (mg/L) and Glasgow Coma Scale findings (Eye opening, motor and verbal responses). The relationship between these was investigated, which revealed additional relevant factors affecting level of consciousness. Results: The breath alcohol analyser was found to be a useful non-invasive, quick and easy to use tool. The results obtained were consistent with the expected pattern of reducing BrAC levels over a 6 hour period. Within this group of patients, a poor correlation was found between each of the three responses of the Glasgow Coma Scale and BrAC readings. For those patients who remained confused, when their BrAC reading was less than 1 mg/L, other causes of a lowered level of consciousness were identified. Conclusion: Confusion in the head injured patient with a BrAC of less than 1 mg/L, should alert one to the likelihood of causes other than alcohol intoxication. © 2005 Scottish Medical Journal. ER  - 
Sevoflurane and emergence behavioral changes in pediatrics$$$ Sevoflurane has rapidly replaced halothane as the inhaled anesthetic agent of choice for the pediatric population. Benefits of sevoflurane use include a quick induction and emergence from anesthesia, a nonpungent odor, which allows for mask induction, and decreased airway irritation, which results in a decrease in the incidence of bronchospasm and laryngospasm. Despite the positive aspects of sevoflurane, there are several side effects, including seizures during induction and maintenance, elevations in plasma inorganic fluoride and compound A concentrations, and an increased incidence of emergence delirium when compared to halothane. The purpose of this article is to inform perianesthesia nurses of the common complication of emergence behavioral changes associated with sevoflurane. © 2005 by American Society of PeriAnesthesia Nurses. ER  - 
Central nervous system safety of anticholinergic drugs for the treatment of overactive bladder in the elderly$$$ Background: Overactive bladder (OAB) is characterizedby urgency and increased frequency of micturition, with or without urinary urge incontinence. Anticholinergic agents are important in the treatment of OAB. However, concerns have emerged about their central nervous system (CNS) safety and the associated risk of cognitive impairment. Objective: This article describes the CNS adverseeffects of anticholinergic drugs used for the treatment of OAB, with particular emphasis on their use in the elderly. Its objective is to help physicians make optimal choices when selecting anticholinergic treatment for OAB. Methods: Relevant data from the literature wereidentified primarily through a MEDLINE search of articles published through December 2003. The search terms included overactive bladder, central nervous system, anticholinergic, and antimuscarinic. This was not intended to be a systematic review, and articles were chosen for inclusion based on their pertinence to the focus on treatment of OAB in the elderly. Results: Several anticholinergic drugs are available for the treatment of OAB, including oxybutymn, tolterodine, trospium chloride, and propiverine (not available in the United States). Among the agents reviewed, penetration of the blood-brain barrier (as predicted by lipophilicity, polarity, and molecular size and structure) is highest for oxybutymn, lower for tolterodine, and lowest for trospium chloride; limited data are available for propiverine. The total anticholinergic drug burden may also be important in determining the potential for CNS adverse effects. The spectrum of anticholinergic CNS adverse effects ranges from drowsiness to hallucinations, severe cognitive impairment, and even coma. The immediate-release (IR) and extended-release (ER) formulations of oxybutynin have been associated with cognitive impairment. In the only published clinical trial that was identified, no significant differences in CNS adverse effects were observed between the IR and ER formulations of tolterodine. There were few clinical data on the use of propiverine in patients with OAB. Trospium chloride has shown favorable CNS tolerability in postmarketing surveillance studies. Conclusion: When considering treatment choices for patients with OAB, particularly the elderly, the potential CNS adverse effects of each anticholinergic agent must be weighed against the severity of OAB symptoms. Copyright © 2005 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Transient ischemic attack: A neurologic emergency$$$ Classically, a transient ischemic attack (TIA) has been defined as an acute episode of neurologic symptoms lasting less than 24 hours attributed to focal ischemia in a vascular distribution of the brain or retina. Stroke and TIA share similar risk factors, evaluation, and secondary prevention. However, evaluation of patients with TIA has traditionally lacked the same urgency that has been directed to acute stroke, probably because patients with TIA are at baseline neurologically when the diagnosis is made. Recently, several studies have found a high risk of stroke shortly after TIA. Furthermore, recent evidence suggests that early recovery from ischemia actually is associated with greater instability. Identifying patients with the highest risk of recurrent ischemic events for urgent evaluation and intervention is key in secondary stroke prevention. This article reviews the current literature on new concepts about TIA, subsequent risk of stroke, and guidelines on evaluation and treatment. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Advanced dementia in Alzheimer's disease and memantine$$$ Introduction. Alzheimer's disease (AD) causes dementia with a progressive course. Until now, research has been aimed mainly at studying its early, pre-dementia and mild or mild to moderate dementia phases in an attempt to find treatments with which to cure it or at least halt its progression. It is true that the latest cognitive therapies are effective up to a point, but the fact is that many patients reach the state of advanced AD, which gives rise to a number of cognitive and behavioural disorders that entail all kinds of problems on a personal, familial and community health level. Aims. This study reviews the progress of AD, the length of its stages, the speed at which the disease courses and patients' survival. Advanced AD is defined, its clinical features and the functional disability it causes are described, and we analyse the tests and scales that must be used to measure how the process is progressing and the effectiveness of the distinct forms of treatment used in the later phase of AD, which are different to those employed in the early stages. All this allows us to analyse the results of clinical trials carried out with memantine, an NMDA (N-methyl D-aspartate) receptor antagonist. We review its pharmacological characteristics and its use in everyday practice. Lastly, we refer to the classical symptomatic treatments that are usually employed to control the frequent and intense behavioural disorders produced in the advanced phase of AD. Conclusions. The later stage of AD requires our attention because many patients reach and remain for a long time in this phase, which leads to considerable personal and social disorders. Several scales and tests have been adapted to these later phases of AD, enabling the clinician to evaluate the patient, monitor the progress of the disease and determine the effectiveness of different treatments. Memantine, the most recent drug approved for use with this disease, has proved to be effective in the treatment of patients with advanced AD. This pharmaceutical has been added to the list of well-known classical medicines, such as neuroleptic drugs, antidepressants, anxiolytic agents and others, which can be used to diminish the behavioural disorders in these patients and improve their quality of life, as well as that of their caregivers. © 2005, Revista de Neurología. ER  - 
History repeats itself: Pharmacodynamic trends in the treatment of anxiety disorders$$$ The original treatment indicated for those suffering from neurotic anxiety was to employ psychotherapy to facilitate changes in behavior and coping with stressful events. A spectrum of somatic treatments "from cathartics and emetics to opium and " strengthening tonics", from atropine and digitalis to potassium bromide and chloral hydrate, from barbiturates to benzodiazepines", to serotonergics, came to be used as well [1]. The Food and Drug Administration originally approved many gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) facilitating drugs since the 1960s for anxiety treatment. The 1980s evidenced the approval of a few serotonergic treatments that cornered the prescribing market and the front line of most treatment protocols. More recently, GABAergic drugs are making a return in the treatment of anxiety disorders. The following paper details the pharmacodynamic history of treating anxiety and also updates the reader as to the newer GABA-based approaches mentioned above. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Pegylated interferon alfa-2b alone or in combination with lamivudine for HBeAg-positive chronic hepatitis B: A randomised trial$$$ Background Treatment of HBeAg-positive patients with chronic hepatitis B is not effective in most. A combination of immunomodulatory pegylated interferon alfa-2b and antiviral lamivudine might improve the rate of sustained response. Methods 307 HBeAg-positive patients with chronic hepatitis B were assigned combination therapy (100 μg/week pegylated interferon alfa-2b and 100 mg/day lamivudine) or monotherapy (100 μg/week pegylated interferon alfa-2b and placebo) for 52 weeks. During weeks 32-52 the pegylated interferon dose was 50 μg/week in both treatment groups. The analyses were based on the modified intention-to-treat population after exclusion of 24 patients from one centre withdrawn for misconduct, ten who lost HBeAg before the study start, and seven who received no study medication. All included patients were followed up for 26 weeks after treatment. Findings 49 (36%) of 136 patients assigned monotherapy and 46 (35%) of 130 assigned combination therapy had lost HBeAg at the end of follow-up (p=0·91). More of the combination-therapy than of the monotherapy group had cleared HBeAg at the end of treatment (57 [44%] vs 40 [29%]; p=0·01) but relapsed during follow-up. Patterns were similar when response was assessed by suppression of serum hepatitis B virus (HBV) DNA or change in concentrations of alanine aminotransferase. Response rates (HBeAg loss) varied by HBV genotype (p=0·01): A, 42 (47%) patients; B, ten (44%); C, 11 (28%); and D, 26 (25%). Interpretation Treatment with pegylated interferon alfa-2b is effective for HBeAg-positive chronic hepatitis B. Combination with lamivudine in the regimen used is not superior to monotherapy. HBV genotype is an important predictor of response to treatment. ER  - 
Dementia of Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative disorders - Memantine, a new hope$$$ Alzheimer's disease is the fourth largest cause of death for people over 65 years of age. Dementia of Alzheimer's type is the commonest form of dementia, the other two forms being vascular dementia and mixed dementia. At present, the therapy of Alzheimer's disease is aimed at improving both, cognitive and behavioural symptoms and thereby, quality of life for the patients. Since the discovery of Alzheimer's disease by Alois Alzheimer, many pathological mechanisms have been proposed which led to the testing of various new treatments. Until recently the available drugs for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease are cholinesterase inhibitors, which have limited success because these drugs improve cognitive functions only in mild dementia and cannot stop the process of neurodegeneration. Moreover, drugs of this category show gastrointestinal side effects. As the cells of central and peripheral nervous system cannot regenerate, newer strategies are aimed at preserving the surviving neurons by preventing their degeneration. NMDA-receptor-mediated glutamate excitotoxicity plays a major role in Aβ-induced neuronal death. Hence, it was thought that NMDA receptors could be a promising target for preventing the progression of Alzheimer's disease. All the compounds synthesized initially in this category showed toxicity mainly because of their high affinity for NMDA receptors. Memantine (1-amino adamantane derivative), NMDA-receptor antagonist was reported to be effective therapeutically in Alzheimer's disease. It was available in Germany as well as European Union and has been approved for moderate to severe dementia in United States of America recently. It is an uncompetitive, moderate affinity antagonist of NMDA receptors that inhibits the pathological functions of NMDA receptors while physiological processes in learning and memory are unaffected. Memantine is also reported to have beneficial effects in other CNS disorders viz., Parkinson's disease (PD), stroke, epilepsy, CNS trauma, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), drug dependence and chronic pain. Mechanisms of neuroprotection, preclinical and clinical evidence for effectiveness of memantine have been provided. Pharmacology and pharmacokinetics of memantine and other NMDA-receptor antagonists in comparison with currently approved drugs for dementia treatment have been discussed. The focus is on 'glutamate excitotoxicity' and glutamate receptors as drug target. Various other novel strategies for the treatment of dementia of neurodegenerative disorders have also been discussed. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Immunosuppression: Towards a logical approach in liver transplantation$$$ Over the last two decades there has been a significant increase in the number and types of immunosuppressive agents that have been available to clinicians. The protocols for immunosuppression used in liver transplantation have been derived historically from those in renal transplantation. During the last decade there has been a shift in the use of immunosuppression, with the introduction of interleukin (IL)-2 receptor antagonists in place of anti-lymphocyte preparations, substitution of tacrolimus for cyclosporin and mycophenolate for azathioprine. The use of corticosteroids has been reduced. For a variety of reasons, these changes have not always been made on the basis of properly randomized studies. The place of newer agents, such as sirolimus and leflunomide derivatives and of the microbiological agents, is unclear. In this review, we outline briefly the mechanism of action of drugs and suggest possible approaches to the management of the liver allograft recipient, suggesting how treatment could be adjusted according to the indication for transplantation as well as the individual's comorbidities. ER  - 
Clozapine augmented with risperidone in the treatment of schizophrenia: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: The authors evaluated the efficacy and safety of augmenting clozapine with risperidone in patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia. Method: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled 12-week trial, 40 patients unresponsive or partially responsive to clozapine monotherapy received a steady dose of clozapine combined with either placebo (N=20) or up to 6 mg/day of risperidone (N=20). Patient psychopathology was assessed at 2-week intervals with the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) and the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS), among other measures. Movement disorders were assessed with the Simpson-Angus Rating Scale. Results: From baseline to week 6 and week 12, mean BPRS total and positive symptom subscale scores were reduced significantly in both groups, but the reductions were significantly greater with clozapine/risperidone treatment. Reductions in SANS scores were also significantly greater with clozapine/risperidone treatment than with clozapine/placebo. The adverse event profile for clozapine/risperidone treatment was similar to that for clozapine/placebo. Simpson-Angus Rating Scale scores were lower with clozapine/risperidone treatment throughout the trial but increased to approach those of clozapine/ placebo treatment at week 12. Clozapine/ risperidone treatment did not induce additional weight gain, agranulocytosis, or seizures compared with clozapine/placebo treatment. Conclusions: In patients with a suboptimal response to clozapine, the addition of risperidone improved overall symptoms and positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia. The combination appears to be safe and well tolerated. Augmentation of clozapine with risperidone may provide additional clinical benefit for patients who are nonresponsive or only partially responsive to clozapine alone. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in refractory epilepsy: A prospective observational study$$$ This prospective open-label study used flexible dosing schedules of levetiracetam (LEV) in patients with refractory epilepsy attending a single centre to explore its effectiveness in everyday clinical practice. One hundred and fifty-six patients with uncontrolled localisation-related or idiopathic-generalised epilepsy were prescribed adjunctive LEV following a 3-month baseline. The primary end points were seizure freedom for at least 6 months, ≥50% reduction (responder) or <50% reduction for 6 months, or discontinuation of LEV due to lack of efficacy, adverse effects or both. Overall, 40 (26%) patients became seizure free on adjunctive LEV, including 8 (40%) with idiopathic-generalised epilepsy. Twenty-five (63%) of the seizure-free patients took 1000 mg LEV per day or less. A further 33 (21%) patients were classified as responders. LEV was withdrawn in 46 (29%) patients (27 adverse effects, 8 lack of efficacy, 11 both). Intolerable sedation, reported by 20 (13%) patients, was the commonest complaint leading to treatment failure. Behavioural side effects led to LEV withdrawal in 7 (5%) patients. LEV is an effective adjunctive treatment for refractory idiopathic and localisation-related epilepsies. Many patients who responded optimally to LEV did so at 1000 mg per day or less. © 2004 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Preventive treatment of migraine: Effect on weight$$$ Weight gain is a side-effect commonly associated with drugs used for headache prophylaxis. Weight gain can adversely affect patient health, exacerbate comorbid metabolic disorders and encourage noncompliance. Few studies have been conducted specifically on the effect of headache medications on weight, and it is important for physicians to have accurate information about weight-gain side-effects when identifying appropriate pharmacological regimens. This review discusses the potential effects on weight of the more common headache medications. ER  - 
Differential diagnosis of visual hallucinations$$$ Objective: Visual hallucinations in children need a differential diagnostic effort. Methods and Patients: In a retrospective cohort study we identified all children, admitted to the Department of Neuropediatrics of a University Hospital between 1.1.2001 and 31.12.2003 suffering from visual hallucinations. All children underwent neurologic examination and electroencephalography (EEG). Results: 14 children with visual hallucinations were identified. Disturbed perception of the size (9 of 14 cases), of the form (5 of 14 cases), and irregular perceptions of movements (5 of 14 cases) were most frequently reported. One child showed a transient hemihypesthesia, the only pathologic finding in the neurologic examination. Three children had features of hypersynchronic activity in EEG: one child undergoing immunosuppressive drug therapy and with a visual hallucination in context of a reversible posterior leucoencephalopathy showed a focal slow background activity, whereas three children had a sharp wave activity. Two of these children fulfilled the criteria for a focal epilepsy, one of them of the frontal lobe, one of the temporal lobe. Conclusion: Recurrent visual hallucinations are frequently transient and show clinical and pathophysiologic features reminiscent of infantile migraine. Psychic etiology, focal epilepsy and, under special circumstances, a reversible posterior leucoencephalopathy have to be considered when making a differential diagnosis. ER  - 
The role of tramadol in cancer pain treatment - A review$$$ In most cancer patients pain can be successfully treated with pharmacological measures using opioid analgesics alone or in combination with adjuvant analgesics (coanalgesics). Weak opioids are usually recommended in the treatment of moderate cancer pain. There is still a debate as to whether the second step of the WHO analgesic ladder comprising opioid analgesics such as tramadol, codeine, dihydrocodeine, and dextropropoxyphene is still needed for the treatment of cancer pain. On the basis of our experience and review of the literature we think that there is definitely a place for weak opioids in the treatment of moderate cancer pain. One of the most interesting and useful weak opioids is tramadol (Adolonta, Contramal, Nobligan, Top-Algic, Tramal, Tramal Long, Tramal Retard, Tramundin, Trodon, Ultram, Zydol). Its unique mechanism of action, analgesic efficacy and profile of adverse reactions have been the reason of performing many experimental and clinical studies with tramadol. In this article we summarize data on pharmacology, mechanisms of action, pharmacokinetics, side effects and clinical experience assessing analgesic efficacy, adverse reactions and safety of tramadol in cancer pain. © Springer-Verlag 2004. ER  - 
Polyneuropathy with impaired glucose tolerance: Implication for diagnosis and therapy$$$ Prediabetes is associated with a length-dependent polyneuropathy that typically is sensory predominant and painful. A diagnosis of prediabetes should be sought in patients with otherwise idiopathic sensory-predominant neuropathy by doing a 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test. Fasting plasma glucose of 100 to 125 mg/dL or 2-hour glucose 140 to 199 mg/dL (impaired glucose tolerance) constitutes prediabetes. Most patients with neuropathy associated with prediabetes (NAP) are obese and show metabolic manifestations of insulin resistance, including hyperlipidemia and hypertension. Appropriate treatment addresses hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, and neuropathic pain. Professionally administered individualized diet and exercise counseling (modeled on the Diabetes Prevention Program) has been shown to be more effective than glucose-lowering medications in preventing progression from impaired glucose tolerance to diabetes, and is the mainstay of treatment for all patients with NAP. The goals of this therapy should be a 5% to 7% reduction in weight and an increase to 30 minutes of moderate exercise five times weekly. Patients with prediabetes are at increased risk for myocardial infarction, stroke, and peripheral vascular disease. Therefore, risk reduction with control of hypertension and hyperlipidemia is essential. Neuropathic pain troubles nearly every patient with NAP, and often limits aerobic exercise. No trials have specifically addressed the patient population with NAP, and neuropathic pain treatment closely follows recommendations for diabetic neuropathy. Gabapentin, lamotrigine, and tricyclic antidepressants are well-validated first-line therapies. Adjunctive therapy with opioids, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs often are necessary. Diet and exercise seem to reduce neuropathic pain in patients with NAP. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
A simple switching strategy for inadequately treated patients with schizophrenia to olanzapine: Changes in psychopathology and subjective well-being$$$ Introduction: The aim of the study was to assess the feasibility of abruptly switching inadequately treated psychotic outpatients from another oral antipsychotic to olanzapine and to evaluate subjective well-being under olanzapine. Methods: Previous medication was switched to olanzapine 10 mg/day and continued for 4 weeks (5-20 mg/day). Successful switch was predefined as no change or any improvement on the Clinical Global Impression-Improvement (CGI-I) scale after one week. A successful switch rate of ≥ 70% was considered a positive study outcome. Well-being was evaluated using the Subjective Well-being under Neuroleptics (SWN) scale. Results: 198 patients (100%) were switched to olanzapine. In 177 patients (89%), CGI-I was unchanged (29%) or improved (60%) after one week of olanzapine treatment, indicating a positive study outcome (p < 0.001). SWN total score significantly improved from 127.9 (± 32.5) at baseline to 139.2 (± 31.5) at week 1, continuing to 149.3 (± 30.3) at week 4 (LOCF). Discussion: The findings suggest that an abrupt switch from another antipsychotic to olanzapine 10 mg/ day can be performed successfully in psychotic patients, while rapidly improving subjective well-being. ER  - 
Randomised controlled multiple treatment comparison to provide a cost-effectiveness rationale for the selection of antimicrobial therapy in acne$$$ Objectives: To determine the relative efficacy and cost-effectiveness of five of the most commonly used antimicrobial preparations for treating mild to moderate facial acne in the community; the propensity of each regimen to give rise to local and systemic adverse events; whether pre-existing bacterial resistance to the prescribed antibiotic resulted in reduced efficacy; and whether some antimicrobial regimens were less likely to give rise to resistant propionibacterial strains. Design: This was a parallel group randomised assessor-blind controlled clinical trial. It was a pragmatic design with intention-to-treat analysis. All treatments were given for 18 weeks, after a 4-week treatment free period. Outcomes were measured at 0, 6, 12 and 18 weeks. Setting: Primary care practices and colleges in and around Nottingham and Leeds, and one practice in Stockton-on-Tees, England. Participants: Participants were 649 people aged 12-39 years, all with mild to moderate inflammatory acne of the face. Interventions: Study participants were randomised into one of five groups: 500 mg oral oxytetracycline (non-proprietary) twice daily (b.d.) + topical vehicle control b.d.; 100 mg oral Minocin MR® (minocycline) once daily (o.d.) + topical vehicle control b.d.; topical Benzamycin® (3% erythromycin + 5% benzoyl peroxide) b.d. + oral placebo o.d.; topical Stiemycin® (2% erythromycin) o.d. + topical Panoxyl® Aquagel (5% benzoyl peroxide) o.d. + oral placebo o.d., and topical Panoxyl® Aquagel (5% benzoyl peroxide) b.d. + oral placebo o.d. (the active comparator group). Main outcome measures: The two primary outcome measures were: (1) the proportion of patients with at least moderate self-assessed improvement as recorded on a six-point Likert scale, and (2) change in inflamed lesion count (red spots). Results: The best response rates were seen with two of the topical regimens (erythromycin plus benzoyl peroxide administered separately o.d. or in a combined proprietary formulation b.d.), compared with benzoyl peroxide alone, oxytetracycline (500 mg b.d.) and minocycline (100 mg o.d.), although differences were small. The percentage of participants with at least moderate improvement was 53.8% for minocycline (the least effective) and 66.1% for the combined erythromycin/benzoyl peroxide formulation (the most effective); the adjusted odds ratio for these two treatments was 1.74 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.04 to 2.90]. Similar efficacy rankings were obtained using lesion counts, acne severity scores and global rating by assessor. Benzoyl peroxide was the most cost-effective and minocycline the least cost-effective regimen (ratio of means 12.3; difference in means -0.051 units/£, 95% CI -0.063 to -0.039). The efficacy of oxytetracycline was similar to that of minocycline, but at approximately one-seventh of the cost. For all regimens, the largest reductions in acne severity were recorded in the first 6 weeks. Reductions in disability scores using the Dermatology Quality of Life Scales were largest for both topical erythromycin-containing regimens and minocycline. The two topical erythromycin-containing regimens produced the largest reductions in the prevalence and population density of cutaneous propionibacteria, including antibiotic-resistant variants, and these were equally effective in participants with and without erythromycin-resistant propionibacteria. The clinical efficacy of both tetracyclines was compromised in participants colonised by tetracycline-resistant propionibacteria. None of the regimens promoted an overall increase in the prevalence of antibiotic-resistant strains. Systemic adverse events were more common with the two oral antibiotics. Local irritation was more common with the topical treatments, particularly benzoyl peroxide. Residual acne was present in most participants (95%) at the end of the study. Conclusions: The response of mild to moderate inflammatory acne to antimicrobial treatment in the community is not optimal. Only around half to two-thirds of trial participants reported at least a moderate improvement over an 18-week study period; extending treatment beyond 12 weeks increased overall benefit slightly. Around one-quarter dropped out when using such treatments, and 55% sought further treatment after 18 weeks. Topical antimicrobial therapies performed at least as well as oral antibiotics in terms of clinical efficacy. Benzoyl peroxide was the most cost-effective and minocycline the least cost-effective therapy for facial acne. The efficacy of all three topical regimens was not compromised by pre-existing propionibacterial resistance. Benzoyl peroxide was associated with a greater frequency and severity of local irritant reactions. It is suggested that the use of a combination of topical benzoyl peroxide and erythromycin gives less irritation and better quality of life. There was little difference between erythromycin plus benzoyl peroxide administered separately and the combined proprietary formulation in terms of efficacy or local irritation, except that the former was nearly three times more cost-effective. The data on cost-effectiveness, and outcomes in patients with resistant propionibacterial floras, did not support the first line use of minocycline for mild to moderate inflammatory acne of the face. Three priority areas for clinical research in acne are: defining end-points in acne trials (i.e. what is a satisfactory outcome?); developing and validating better patient-based measures for assessing treatment effects on facial and truncal acne; and exploring patient characteristics that may modify treatment effects (efficacy and tolerability). © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2005. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Gateways to Clinical Trials: January/February 2005$$$ Gateways to Clinical Trials is a guide to the most recent clinical trials reported in current literature and congresses. The data in the following tables have been retrieved from the Clinical Trials Knowledge Area of Prous Science Integrity®, the drug discovery and development portal, http://integrity. prous.com. This issue focuses on the following selection of drugs: [188Re]-HDD; A-179578, adalimumab, AK-602, albumin interferon alfa, alfimeprase, amelubant, anakinra, anti-CD2 MAb, APD-356, aripiprazole, atvogen; Bimatoprost, bimosiamose, BLP-25, brivaracetam; Caspofungin acetate, cilansetron, CMV vaccine (bivalent), conivaptan hydro chloride, Cypher; Darbepoetin alfa, darifenacin hydrobromide, D-D4FC, decitabine, dnaJP1, doranidazole, dronedarone hydrochloride; Efalizumab, efaproxiral sodium, emtricitabine, Endeavor, entecavir, erlotinib hydrochloride, escitalopram oxalate, etoricoxib, etravirine, ezetimibe; Fampridine, fenretinide, ferumoxtran-10, forodesine hydrochloride; Gantacurium chloride, gemifloxacin mesilate, Glyminox, GW-501516; HBV-ISS, hepavir B, human insulin, HuMax-CD20, hyaluronic acid, HyCAMP; Icatibant, IDEA-070, IGN-311, imatinib mesylate, insulin detemir, insulin glargine, insulin glulisine; Lapatinib, lasofoxifene tartrate, LB-80380, liarozolefumarate, liposome encapsulated doxorubicin, lumiracoxib, LY-570310; MC-1, melatonin, merimepodib, metanicotine, midostaurin; Natalizumab, nicotine conjugate vaccine, NYVAC-HIV C; Patupilone, peginterferon alfa-2a, peginterferon alfa-2b, peginterferon alfa-2b/ribavirin, pelitinib, Peru-15, pexelizumab, PHP, pimecrolimus, prednisolone sodium metasulfobenzoate; Recombinant α1-antitrypsin (AAT), retigabine, rHA influenza vaccine, rifalazil, rofecoxib, rosiglitazone maleate/Metformin hydrochloride, rostaporfin, rosuvastatin calcium, rubitecan; Selenite sodium, semilente insulin, SMP-797, sorafenib; Talampanel, tenofovir disoproxil fumarate, TER-199, tiotropium bromide, torcetrapib, treprostinil sodium, TTA; ValboroPro, valdecoxib, val-mCyd, valtorcitabine dihydrochloride: XP-828L. © 2005 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Second-generation antipsychotic medications in the treatment of mood disorders: Focus on aripiprazole$$$ Second-generation antipsychotic medications offer a broader range of therapeutic efficacies than first-generation agents. Consequently, our field has witnessed a rapid expansion of the use of second-generation antipsychotic drugs for several conditions beyond psychosis. The use of second-generation antipsychotic medications has been most pronounced in mood disorders, especially in bipolar disorders. Information about the agents clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone and aripiprazole in terms of their efficacy and tolerability in bipolar disorder is now available. Aripiprazole, a new agent whose proposed mechanism(s) of action differs from that of other agents, has been shown in placebo-controlled comparative trials in bipolar patients to be an effective and well tolerated treatment option for this patient group. The role of second-generation antipsychotic medications in the therapeutic armamentarium for bipolar disorders will be determined by clinical experience, by additional phase IV studies and by trials that compare second-generation antipsychotics with each other and also with mood-stabilizing medications. There is also a pressing need for additional information on the long-term efficacy and safety of each second-generation antipsychotic agent during maintenance therapy for bipolar disorders. © 2005 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neurologic presentation of celiac disease$$$ Celiac disease (CD) long has been associated with neurologic and psychiatric disorders including cerebellar ataxia, peripheral neuropathy, epilepsy, dementia, and depression. Earlier reports mainly have documented the involvement of the nervous system as a complication of prediagnosed CD. However, more recent studies have emphasized that a wider spectrum of neurologic syndromes may be the presenting extraintestinal manifestation of gluten sensitivity with or without intestinal pathology. These include migraine, encephalopathy, chorea, brain stem dysfunction, myelopathy, mononeuritis multiplex, Guillain-Barré-like syndrome, and neuropathy with positive antiganglioside antibodies. The association between most neurologic syndromes described and gluten sensitivity remains to be confirmed by larger epidemiologic studies. It further has been suggested that gluten sensitivity (as evidenced by high antigliadin antibodies) is a common cause of neurologic syndromes (notably cerebellar ataxia) of otherwise unknown cause. Additional studies showed high prevalence of gluten sensitivity in genetic neurodegenerative disorders such as hereditary spinocerebellar ataxia and Huntington's disease. It remains unclear whether gluten sensitivity contributes to the pathogenesis of these disorders or whether it represents an epiphenomenon. Studies of gluten-free diet in patients with gluten sensitivity and neurologic syndromes have shown variable results. Diet trials also have been inconclusive in autism and schizophrenia, 2 diseases in which sensitivity to dietary gluten has been implicated. Further studies clearly are needed to assess the efficacy of gluten-free diet and to address the underlying mechanisms of nervous system pathology in gluten sensitivity. © 2005 by the American Gastroenterological Association. ER  - 
Incidence and risk factors of medical complications during inpatient stroke rehabilitation$$$ Background: Knowing the types and frequency of medical complications of stroke patients during inpatient rehabilitation, together with the ability to identify high-risk patients, would be extremely helpful for providing the best possible physiologic environment for their recovery. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted. Charts of 346 stroke patients who were consecutively admitted or transferred for inpatient rehabilitation in a tertiary care hospital from October 1997 to September 1998 were reviewed. Demographic and stroke characteristics, preexisting neuromedical conditions, neurological deficits, disability level, medical complications occurring during inpatient rehabilitation, and complications that required transfer off the rehabilitation ward were recorded for each patient. Univariate and stepwise multiple logistic regression analyses were performed to determine the factors that were significantly associated with the occurrence of any medical complication. Results: Forty-four percent of patients experienced 1 or more complications. The most common complications were musculoskeletal pain (15.0%), urinary tract infection (13.6%), depression (9.3%), upper gastrointestinal tract bleeding (4.9%), and pneumonia (4.9%). Ten patients were transferred to the acute care ward during admission because of severe medical complications. Among them, 5 had a recurrent stroke, 3 had pneumonia, 1 had ventriculoperitoneal shunt obstruction, and 1 had organic psychosis. The occurrence of any of the medical complications was significantly associated with the following factors which were presented at admission or transfer to the rehabilitation ward: being female, having no voluntary movement of the affected hand, being more functionally dependent, and having to undergo Foley catheter insertion. Conclusions: Medical complications were common among stroke patients undergoing inpatient rehabilitation. Prevention and proper management are also very important in the rehabilitation ward. ER  - 
Hepatitis C, interferon alpha and psychiatric co-morbidity in intravenous drug users (IVDU): Guidelines for clinical practice$$$ The evidence regarding the co-morbidity of chronic hepatitis C, psychiatric illness and intravenous drug abuse is reviewed from the literature. Also the occurrence and the treatment of psychiatric side effects during treatment with interferon in patients with a history of drug abuse are reviewed. There is insufficient evidence for a specific hepatitis C induced depression or fatigue, but a direct link between hepatitis C and cerebral dysfunction is not excluded. Immune system activation rather than drug use may explain cerebral symptoms. In HCV positive substance users anxiety and depression are more prevalent than in HCV negative substance users. During treatment with regular or pegylated (PEG) interferon depression is a frequent side effect (ca 30%) and occurs independently from pre-existing psychiatric disorders or drug abuse. A history of drug abuse per se does not increase the risk of depression as a side effect of interferon treatment. It is extremely important to monitor symptoms of depression in the early weeks of treatment and to start antidepressant treatment as early as possible. Antidepressants should be continued throughout the interferon treatment period. There are insufficient data to assess these situations in which preventive antidepressant treatment should be started before interferon treatment. Clinical judgement can, however, lead to preventive antidepressant treatment, even at subclinical levels of depression. A cut off score of >10 on the Beck Depression Inventory before interferon treatment is associated with a higher risk of depression during treatment. Both selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and other classes of antidepressants can be used. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in pediatrics$$$ Levetiracetam is a new antiepileptic drug whose efficacy and tolerability are already well known in adults. Few studies are available in children. This review, based on the international literature, aims to identify and make known the possible indications for levetiracetam in childhood. Most studies suggest that levetiracetam is effective against partial and generalized epilepsy. In resistant partial epilepsy, the percentage of responders reaches 64%, with 8 to 23% seizure free. Levetiracetam is used to treat symptomatic and idiopathic epilepsies. The drug has also proven effective against photosensitivity and epileptic and nonepileptic myoclonus. The most frequent side effects involve the behavioral sphere and manifest mostly in patients with a history of behavioral problems. In some patients, levetiracetam increases the number of seizures, but this adverse reaction can be partially avoided with slow titration. Doses for children should be 130 to 140% of those advised for adults. Levetiracetam seems to have a broad spectrum of action and is, on the whole, well tolerated. Its efficacy against generalized epilepsy is particularly promising in childhood. ER  - 
Lamotrigine in psychiatry: Pharmacology and therapeutics$$$ Following the introduction of lamotrigine in 1994 as a treatment for epilepsy in the United States, the drug has seen progressively greater application in psychiatry, particularly as a treatment for bipolar disorder. This review critically evaluates the support for lamotrigine use across a broad range of psychiatric disorders as well as discuss its pharmacology, side-effect profile, and interactions with other medications. ER  - 
Painful dilemmas: An evidence-based look at challenging clinical scenarios$$$ Difficult clinical decisions are a part of every emergency practitioner's life. Dealing with difficult patients and recalcitrant consultants is seldom enjoyable, but can be made more palatable through the use of some of the clinical strategies contained in this article. Knowledge of the current best evidence and a willingness to discard outdated practice ideas will help ensure that emergency practitioners continue to provide state-of-the-art medical care. Expressions of care, concern, and respect for patients' problems, and development of a therapeutic alliance with these patients will maximize patient, and ultimately physician, satisfaction. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Procedural sedation and analgesia in the Emergency Department: What are the risks?$$$ The practitioner of emergency medicine is routinely faced with patients in need of emergent procedures and pain control and sedation. Our challenge is to make our patients' experiences as painless and as safe as possible, while maximizing our ability to perform the procedure at hand; this is not always an easy task given the propensity of each human body to react differently to interventions and stimuli. We can best meet this challenge by understanding how our patients and pharmaceutical agents intermingle in the risk-benefit equation we formulate before starting our "experiment." Coupling this information with fundamentally sound patient care and monitoring will mimimize bad experiences with PSA for both the patient and practitioner. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation affects pain perception in depressed adults$$$ Background: Previous research suggests that vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) affects pain perception in epilepsy patients, with acute VNS decreasing pain thresholds and chronic VNS treatment increasing pain thresholds. However, no studies have investigated the effects of VNS on pain perception in chronically depressed adults, nor have controlled, systematic investigations been published on the differential effects of certain VNS device parameters on pain perception. Objectives: The present study tried to replicate the results of previous research showing acute pronociceptive effects of VNS and determine the effects of various device parameter settings on pain tolerance. The present study also investigated the relationship among patients' levels of depression, duration of VNS treatment and VNS-induced changes in pain perception. Methods: A thermal pain challenge task was used to determine pain tolerance during VNS device activation using different combinations of VNS device parameter settings within subjects undergoing VNS therapy for chronic depression. Results: Significant pronociceptive effects were found for acute VNS activation. Individual differences were found with respect to the VNS settings associated with the largest changes in pain perception. Severity of depression was inversely related to baseline pain tolerance, but depression severity was unrelated to VNS-induced acute changes in pain tolerance, as was the length of time participants had been undergoing VNS treatment. Conclusions: VNS appears to affect pain perception in depressed adults. Different VNS parameter settings may be associated with unique effects from patient to patient. More studies are needed to determine the long-term effects of VNS on pain perception. © 2005 Pulsus Group Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Valproate in bipolar disorder: 2000 Onwards$$$ Objective: To describe the evidence for the efficacy and tolerability of valproate in treatment of bipolar disorders, as well as factors associated with favorable or unfavorable outcomes. Method: Studies published from 2000 onwards were reviewed, as well as published abstracts. For clinical trials, randomized, prospective studies were emphasized. Results: Several mechanisms of action of valproate on central nervous system neurons that may be relevant to its actions in bipolar disorders have been recently reported. These include inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase and activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase. Several of the actions overlap those observed from lithium. Valproate is effective in treatment of mania, and somewhat more effective in certain patient subgroups than other treatments, e.g. mixed mania, and mania with prominent irritability. Valproate is comparable with olanzapine in maintenance treatment, and somewhat better tolerated. Higher serum levels, particularly above 110 μg/ml, are associated with more reports of weight gain, sedation, and reductions in platelet count. Valproate may be associated with an increased rate of polycystic ovarian syndrome, with increased weight contributing to the risk. Valproate reduces total cholesterol levels, particularly among patients with baseline elevations of cholesterol. Several studies indicate that valproate can be beneficially combined with antipsychotic drugs and other treatments for bipolar disorder. Conclusion: Valproate continues to be studied in further clarification of its mechanisms, efficacy, risks, and spectrum of benefits in bipolar disorder. It is a major treatment for bipolar disorder, both in monotherapy and combination therapy regimens. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005. ER  - 
Lamotrigine and antiepileptic drugs as mood stabilizers in bipolar disorder$$$ Objective: To review the clinical trials literature on the use of antiepileptic drugs (AED) as mood stabilizers and to suggest an evidence-based approach when utilizing these agents in bipolar disorder. Method: The literature is reviewed and subdivided into the following sections: carbamazepine and oxcarbazepine, valproate, lamotrigine, gabapentin and other AED, and discussion. Results: Data exist to support the use of carbamazepine and valproate - and to a lesser extent, oxcarbazepine - in the management of acute manic episodes associated with bipolar I disorder. Lamotrigine, gabapentin, and other AED have not demonstrated consistent antimanic effects. Clinical trials data favor lamotrigine over all other AED in the treatment of acute bipolar I depression and in rapid cycling bipolar disorder (particularly type II), although the absence of an active comparator in these lamotrigine trials must be noted. Lamotrigine, carbamazepine, and valproate all have evidence supporting their roles as potential long-term mood stabilizers to prevent bipolar relapse, with lamotrigine having a stronger effect in the prevention of depression. Conclusion: The AED are a heterogeneous group of medications with differential spectrum of efficacy in the treatment of bipolar disorder. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005. ER  - 
Atypical mood stabilizers: A 'typical' role for atypical antipsychotics$$$ Objective: To assess the potential role of atypical antipsychotics as mood stabilizers. Method: A MedLine, PsychLIT, PubMed, and EMBASE literature search of papers published up to December 2004 was conducted using the names of atypical antipsychotics and a number of key terms relevant to bipolar disorder. Additional articles were retrieved by scrutinizing the bibliographies of review papers and literature known to the authors. Data pertinent to the objective was reviewed according to the various phases of bipolar disorder. Results: The data is most substantive for the use of atypical antipsychotics in mania, to the extent that an argument for a class effect of significant efficacy can be made. This does not extend to bipolar depression, however, good data is now emerging for some agents and will need to be considered for each individual agent as it accumulates. As regards mixed states and rapid cycling the evidence is thus far sparse and too few maintenance studies have been conducted to make any firm assertions. However, with respect to long-term therapy the atypical antipsychotics do have clinically significant side-effects of which clinicians need to be aware. Conclusion: Based on the evidence thus far it is perhaps premature to describe the atypical antipsychotics as mood stabilizers. Individual agents may eventually be able to claim this label, however, much further research is needed especially with respect to maintenance and relapse prevention. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005. ER  - 
Safety considerations for deep brain stimulation: Review and analysis$$$ Deep brain stimulation has emerged rapidly as an effective therapy for movement disorders. Deep brain stimulation includes an implanted brain electrode and a pacemaker-like implanted pulse generator. The clinical application of deep brain stimulation proceeded in the absence of clear understandings of its mechanisms of action or extensive preclinical studies of safety and efficacy. Post mortem studies suggest that there is a loss of neurons in proximity to the active electrode, but the resulting lesions are not sufficient to treat the disorder and efficacy requires continued stimulation. Overall complication rates can exceed 25%, and permanent neurologic sequelae result in 4-6% of cases. As the application of deep brain stimulation expands, it is critical to understand the origin of adverse events and the delivery of nondamaging stimulation. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of medical complications in patients with brain tumors$$$ Patients with primary brain tumors and those with cerebral metastases are at risk throughout their illness for several major medical problems, including vasogenic edema, seizures, and symptomatic venous thrombosis. In turn, the corticosteroids, anti-epileptic drugs, and anticoagulants used to treat these problems may produce significant adverse effects and result in important drug-drug interactions that may complicate chemotherapy. Although few Class I studies address any of these issues, guidelines can be offered to maximize quality of life and minimize hospital readmissions. Optimal management of brain edema involves minimizing corticosteroid use and tapering the steroid dose slowly to avoid steroid withdrawal symptoms. Prophylaxis of Pneumocystis pneumonia is necessary for patients requiring corticosteroids for more than 1 month. Anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) should be avoided unless patients experience seizures. If possible, non-CTY (P450) enzyme-inducing drugs should be chosen. AED levels should be obtained frequently during corticosteroid taper. Multimodality venous thrombosis prophylaxis should begin at the time of the original surgery with external leg compression and unfractionated subcutaneous heparin or a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH). Brain tumor patients with symptomatic venous thrombosis or pulmonary embolism can be anticoagulated safety with warfarin or with LMWH, and LMWHs are preferable from the standpoints of efficacy, safety, and convenience for long-term outpatient treatment of venous thrombosis. Clinicians should be aware of potential drug-drug interactions between prescribed AEDs and chemotherapy and possible interactions with complementary and alternative therapies chosen by their patients. They also should be aware of interventions to minimize late sequelae of brain tumors and their treatment, including cognitive decline, depression, and increased stroke risk. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Maintenance treatment outcomes in older patients with bipolar I disorder$$$ Objective: The efficacy and tolerability of mood stabilizers in older adults with bipolar disorder remains understudied. Authors retrospectively examined response to lamotrigine, lithium, and placebo in older (≥age 55) adults with Bipolar I disorder (DSM-IV) who participated in two mixed-age, maintenance studies examining time to intervention for an emerging mood episode (manic/hypomanic/mixed or depressed) and drug tolerability. Methods: In all, 588 patients received double-blind lamotrigine (LTG, 100 mg-400 mg/day), lithium (Li, 0.8 mEq/L-1.1 mEq/L), or placebo (PBO); data from 98 older adults (LTG: 33, Li: 34, PBO: 31) were examined. Mean modal total daily doses were LTG 240 mg and Li 750 mg. Results: LTG significantly delayed time to intervention for any mood episode and for a depressive episode, compared with placebo. Li significantly delayed time to intervention for mania/hypomania/mixed compared with placebo. Back pain and headache were the most common adverse events during LTG treatment; rash: LTG, 3%; Li, 6%; and PBO, 0; no serious rash was reported. The most common adverse events (>10%) during lithium treatment were dyspraxia, tremor, xerostomia, headache, infection, amnesia, dizziness, diarrhea, nausea, and fatigue. Conclusion: Lamotrigine and lithium may be effective and well-tolerated maintenance therapies for older adults with Bipolar I depression. © 2005 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry. ER  - 
New drug update: 2004$$$ A unique rating system discusses five new drugs that were marketed last year and compares them with existing therapies. ER  - 
A review of current drug targets and pharmacology of antipsychotic treatment$$$ With the use of chlorpromazine and other traditional antipsychotics for psychosis, it was soon discovered that the antipsychotic efficacy of this class of medications was closely associated with their ability to block dopamine D2 receptors in the brain. This prompted the hypothesis that the etiology of schizophrenia and other psychotic illnesses might be caused by a dysregulation of dopamine. This hypothesis, that the dopamine system explains schizophrenia symptoms, however, is far from complete and the treatment with conventional antipsychotic medications is far from ideal. There has been a great deal of speculation regarding the role of serotonin receptor antagonism in regards to antipsychotic effects. The second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs), clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone and aripiprazole generally have relatively high serotonin to dopamine binding ratios. Serotonin receptor binding may be important to these drugs' actions, possibly by stimulating dopamine activity in mesocortical pathways. Yet, while the mechanism of action of SGAs as a group remain unsolved, it is important to note that the SGAs offer many clinical benefits to treatment as compared to traditional antipsychotics and are quickly emerging as first-line therapy for schizophrenia. In addition to lower rates of EPS and tardive dyskinesia, other benefits to treatment with this class of antipsychotics include better treatment of negative symptoms, better compliance, possible benefits for cognitive impairments, lower rates of relapse and rehospitalization, and more cost-effective therapy. Within the class of SGAs, however, differences exist both in efficacy and side effects and these will be described. Optimization of treatment and understanding the exact mechanism of action of current antipsychotic medications will help pave the way for new drug targets in the future. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Intermittent exotropia increasing with near fixation: A "soft" sign of neurological disease$$$ Aim: To examine the association of distance-near disparity with neurological disease in children with intermittent exotropia. Methods: A retrospective analysis was performed of the medical records of all children with intermittent exotropia examined at the Arkansas Children's Hospital between 1989 and 2002. The study group consisted of children with intermittent exotropia who had a near deviation that exceeded the deviation at distance by at least 10 prism dioptres. The control group consisted of children with intermittent exotropia who had a distance deviation greater than or equal to the deviation at near. The main outcome measure was the prevalence of neurological abnormalities in the study and control groups. Results: Among the 29 patients in the study group, 19 (66%) had a history of concurrent neurological abnormalities. Associated neurological conditions included developmental delay (10 patients), attention deficit disorder (four patients), cerebral palsy (four patients), history of intracranial haemorrhage (four patients), periventricular leucomalacia (three patients), seizures (two patients), cortical visual impairment (two patients), hydrocephalus (one patient), history of anoxic brain damage (one patient), history of encephalitis (one patient), and autism (one patient). Among the 37 patients in the control group, seven (19%) had a history of concurrent neurological abnormalities. The difference in the prevalence of neurological disease between the study group and the control group was significant (p=0.0002). Conclusion: Intermittent exotropia increasing with near fixation is associated with neurological disease in children. ER  - 
Zonisamide - A new add-on medication from Japan for adults with partial seizures$$$ Zonisamide is a welcome addition to the present armamentarium for treating epilepsy despite the fact that a large number of new and old antiepileptic drugs is already available in Europe. The clinical potential of zonisamide is considerable, especially in the management of patients with difficult to treat partial epilepsy. The labelling of zonisamide is for add-on treatment of adults with partial epilepsy. One advantage of zonisamide is that extensive clinical long term experience for safety and clinical benefit exists mostly from Japan where it is on the market since 1989. This database makes it easier for physicians to carefully evaluate the long term risk-benefit balance of zonisamide. In this article the clinical experience made with zonisamide in prospective studies of add-on treatment of adults with partial epilepsies is briefly summarized. © 2005 Schattauer GmbH. ER  - 
Management of syncope in pediatric patients$$$ Syncope is a common symptom in children, particularly in the teenage years. Although most often benign, it can be a symptom of serious underlying conditions and may result in sudden death. It is estimated that approximately 1% to 2% of children presenting with syncope have a serious underlying disorder. Therefore, it is important to assess patients Logically and be able to separate those with serious pathology from those without. A good history is the most important step in this regard, and can save a significant amount of anxiety, time, and money for the patient and for the health care system. Most patients can be determined to have vasovagal syncope on the basis of a good history, physical examination, and standard electrocardiogram. Other tests, such as echocardiography and electrocardiogram monitoring (eg, Holter/event monitors, including implantable event monitors), may be reserved for those with abnormalities in the initial workup. Therapy depends on the underlying disorder. Vasovagal syncope may only need reassurance and volume loading with increase in salt and water intake. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Prefrontal GABA levels in cocaine-dependent subjects increase with pramipexole and venlafaxine treatment$$$ Rationale: There is evidence that prefrontal lobe GABA levels are low in cocaine-dependent (CD) individuals, and treatment with GABA agonists decreases cocaine self-administration. Objectives: The aim of the study is to measure changes in GABA levels in CD subjects at baseline and after 8 weeks of treatment with pramipexole, venlafaxine, or placebo. Methods: CD subjects enrolled in a treatment trial for cocaine dependence were recruited for this proton ( 1H) magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) study. GABA levels in the prefrontal lobe were measured before and after treatment. Results: Mean percentage changes in GABA levels were as follows: pramipexole +17.0±28.0%, venlafaxine +13.0±11.0%, and placebo -2.1±19.5%. Pramipexole-treated subjects had significantly increased brain GABA levels compared to placebo (p=0.031). Venlafaxine treatment was nonsignificantly associated with increased GABA levels compared to placebo (p=0.16). The overall statistical model for the effect of drug treatment vs placebo on brain GABA levels, including adjustment for baseline levels, was highly significant (p=0.002). Despite significant changes in GABA levels, there were no significant differences in the number of urine samples positive for cocaine metabolites. Conclusions: This study demonstrates that 1H MRS can measure changes in GABA levels following pharmacologic treatment. The increase in GABA levels, although significant, is modest compared to other MRS studies of depression or epilepsy associated with clinical improvements. The failure to see larger increases in GABA levels and an associated reduction in cocaine consumption may reflect the relatively low doses of medication used. © Springer-Verlag 2005. ER  - 
Patient-controlled analgesia$$$ One of the most common methods for providing post-operative analgesia is via patient-controlled analgesia (PCA). Although the typical approach is to administer opioids via a programmable infusion pump, other drugs and other modes of administration are available. This article reviews the history and practice of many aspects of PCA and provides extensive guidelines for the practice of PCA-administered opioids. In addition, potential adverse effects and recommendations for their monitoring and treatment are reviewed. ©2005 by the International Anesthesia Research Society. ER  - 
Epilepsy - Success in clinical practice: Translating trials to practice$$$ Success in clinical practice results from the combination of a clinician's experience, an understanding of patient preferences and factors that influence patient perceptions, and careful interpretation of data from clinical trials. However, successful clinical trials fulfil rigid methodological requirements in order to provide a basis from which to evaluate the place of a drug within a therapeutic strategy. Their translation into practice is therefore complicated by an intrinsic tension between the requirements for scientific methods that minimize error, and the need for clinically relevant data. In practice, the clinician has the flexibility to individualize epilepsy management to maximize benefits and minimize adverse effects of antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy. AED adverse effects and psychiatric comorbidity, in particular depression, have a profound impact on subjective health status; systematic screening for these confounding variables can guide clinical management and optimize quality of life. In addition, patient preferences can be acknowledged in any management plan. To achieve success in clinical practice, we need to remember that the information gleaned from clinical trials provides only part of the picture and needs to be augmented by our clinical experience, patient assessment (including routine screening for adverse effects and depression) and patient preference. © 2005 EFNS. ER  - 
Behçet's disease: Current therapeutic perspectives$$$ Behçet's disease is a chronic relapsing systemic vasculitis of small and large vessels, of unknown etiology, characterized by recurrent oral and genital ulcers, and ocular inflammation. Other involved organs may include the joints, skin, and gastrointestinal tract, as well as the pulmonary, renal, central nervous, and the cardiovascular systems. The treatment of Behçet's disease is basically empiric, geared to control the symptoms, suppress the inflammatory process, and prevent organ damage. Thus, various antiinflammatory and immunosuppressive agents have been used as the main therapeutic modalities, although none of them has been effective in controlling the diverse symptoms. Earlier, these drugs included colchicine, azathioprine, systemic corticosteroids, dapsone, cyclosporine A, and tacrolimus. Recently emerging studies show the effectiveness of thalidomide, interferon alpha, interferon gamma, acyclovir, low-dose weekly methotrexate, cyclophosphamide pulse therapy, and anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF) therapy. Anti-TNF agents, such as infliximab, are emerging as being effective in rapid control of sight-threatening panuveitis and cerebral vasculitis, as well as in orogenital ulcerations, gastrointestinal disease, and skin lesions of Behçet's disease. Limited anecdotal case reports have been published with the use of the fusion protein etanercept in Behçet's disease. Hopefully, prospective clinical trials, which are now ongoing, will provide more data as to the efficacy of the anti-TNF agents, compared with the conventional immunosuppressive therapy. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Combined antidepressants: Clinical experience$$$ Objective: To review the current literature on the use of combinations of antidepressive agents. Method: Literature searches were undertaken and reviewed on the use of combinations of antidepressants. Results: Data sources included surveys, analyses of prescription records, decision algorithms, clinical reports, and studies comparing the monotherapy with combination therapy. More recent surveys recommend combining different selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), an SSRI plus bupropion or dual action antidepressants plus an SSRI. Decision algorithms recommend an SSRI plus tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) and more recently bupropion plus venlafaxine or mirtazapine. Few controlled clinical trials comparing the combined therapy with monotherapy have been conducted. Beneficial effects have been reported with combinations of TCAs plus mianserin or SSRIs plus mirtazapine. Conclusion: Adding or combining antidepressant medications has advantages for the speed of onset and maintaining the existing response. More rigorous clinical trials comparing combination therapy with monotherapy and for the development of rational treatment guidelines are required. © 2005 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Brain stimulation techniques in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder: Current and future directions$$$ Recent studies on the epidemiology of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) estimate 50 million patients suffer from OCD worldwide, thus making it a global problem. The treatment of OCD has changed substantially over the last 2 decades following the introduction of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, which provide symptom improvement in ∼60% of patients. However, some patients remain resistant to the standard pharmacologic and behavioral treatments. Although some treatment-resistant patients respond to pharmacologic augmentations, others do not, and there is evidence that some of the most severe cases benefit from treatment with neurosurgical interventions. Besides pharmacologic, behavioral, and neurosurgical approaches, different brain stimulation methods-transcranial magnetic stimulation, deep brain stimulation, and electroconvulsive therapy-have been investigated in treatment-resistant patients with OCD. However, available data about the use of these techniques in OCD treatment are quite limited in terms of sample size and study design, given the difficulty in conducting standard blinded trials for these procedures. In addition, none of the mentioned treatments have received Food and Drug Administration approval for the treatment of OCD. Nevertheless, promising findings regarding efficacy, tolerability, and non-invasiveness and/or reversibility of these techniques have increased interest in investigating their use in treatment-resistant OCD. ER  - 
Treatment of agitation following traumatic brain injury: A review of the literature$$$ Agitation, restlessness, and aggression are frequent neurobehavioural sequelae in the early stages of recovery from traumatic brain injury (TBI). These behavioural symptoms disrupt patient care and impede rehabilitation efforts. We review the current literature (1985 onwards) examining the pharmacological management of post-TBI agitation in both acute and post-acute conditions. This article will assess the evidence for the use of selected alkylphenols, benzodiazepines, estrogens, antiandrogens, neuroleptics/ antipsychotics, antidepressants, anti-Parkinsonian agents, antipsychotics, anticonvulsants, lithium carbonate, buspirone, beta-blockers, and psychostimulants in agitated TBI survivors. Review of the literature suggests that there is limited evidence to accurately guide clinicians in the management of this patient population. © 2005 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacological properties, central nervous system effects, and potential therapeutic applications of atipamezole, a selective α2- adrenoceptor antagonist$$$ Atipamezole is an α2-adrenoceptor antagonist with an imidazole structure. Receptor binding studies indicate that its affinity for α2-adrenoceptors and its α2/α 1 selectivity ratio are considerably higher than those of yohimbine, the prototype α2-adrenoceptor antagonist. Atipamezole is not selective for subtypes of α2-adrenoceptors. Unlike many other α2-adrenoceptor antagonists, it has negligible affinity for 5-HT1A and I2 bindings sites. Atipamezole is rapidly absorbed and distributed from the periphery to the central nervous system. In humans, atipamezole at doses up to 30 mg/subject produced no cardiovascular or subjective side effects, while at a high dose (100 mg/subject) it produced subjective symptoms, such as motor restlessness, and an increase in blood pressure. Atipamezole rapidly reverses sedation/anesthesia induced by α2-adrenoceptor agonists. Due to this property, atipamezole is commonly used by veterinarians to awaken animals from sedation/anesthesia induced by α2-adrenoceptor agonists alone or in combination with various anesthetics. Atipamezole increased sexual activity in rats and monkeys. In animals with sustained nociception, atipamezole increased pain-related responses by blocking the noradrenergic feedback inhibition of pain. In tests assessing cognitive functions, atipamezole at low doses has beneficial effects on alertness, selective attention, planning, learning, and recall in experimental animals, but not necessarily on short-term working memory. At higher doses atipamezole impaired performance in tests of cognitive functions, probably due to noradrenergic overactivity. Recent experimental animal studies suggest that atipamezole might have beneficial effects in the recovery from brain damage and might potentiate the anti-Parkinsonian effects of dopaminergic drugs. In phase I studies atipamezole has been well tolerated by human subjects. © 2005 Neva Press. ER  - 
Insulinoma in Iran: A 20-year review$$$ Background: The time between onset of symptoms of insulinoma to diagnosis ranges from 10 days to more than 20 years. To help physicians make an earlier diagnosis, we defined the clinical, imaging and paraclinical characteristics of insulinoma in cases from seven referral hospitals in Iran over two decades. Methods: The medical records of 68 cases with biochemical or histological evidences of insulinoma were reviewed. Results: More males were affected (53%). The mean age at diagnosis was 39±15.3 years. The mean duration of symptoms was 39.9±59.3 months. Eighty-four percent of patients had been initially misdiagnosed as cereberovascular accident (CVA), epilepsy, conversion disorder, and others). Neuroadrenergic symptoms were observed in 89.6% and and neuroglycopenic symptoms in 97% of patients. Mean diameter of tumours was 2.9 cm (range, 1 cm to 8.5 cm). Of 52 pathologically confirmed cases of insulinoma, 43 tumours (87.8%) were single and 49 (94.2%) were benign. Fifty-five patients had undergone surgery, with a successful outcome in 44 (80%). Conclusion: The high incidence of neuroglycopenic symptoms suggest the clinical impression of insulinoma when patients present with a suggestive clinical syndrome. The clinical impression is essential to decrease the frequent delay in the diagnosis of insulinoma. ER  - 
An emergency department approach to drug treatment of hypertensive urgency and emergency$$$ Patients who present with hypertensive urgency or emergency require immediate attention to assess the severity of illness. Guidelines from the Joint National Committee on Prevention, Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure are available but do little to address the management of acute elevations in blood pressure. Various treatment options, both old and new, exist to manage these patients in the emergency department. Decisions on therapy are patient specific and depend on the underlying cause of elevated blood pressure. This article sets out to describe specific patient presentations and reviews current available options in the management of hypertensive urgencies and emergencies. © 2005 Sage Publications. ER  - 
Profile of anticonvulsant activity and neuroprotective effects of novel and potential antiepileptic drugs - An update$$$ Although neuroprotection is effective only against certain aspects of a complex cascade of pathological events during the development and course of epilepsy, it might be a promising option in the treatment of this disease. Some new data on the pathophysiology of epilepsy raised some hopes that the epileptogenesis process can be prevented. A question arises whether it is possible to make the epilepsy develop in a milder, easier to treat and non-progressive way without cognitive decline and drug-resistance. Moreover, once the epilepsy has already been triggered, there is as yet no conclusive evidence that the harmful effects of seizures on the brain can be reduced. So a great deal of further evaluation of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) is required. Many similarities exist between cerebral ischemia and epilepsy regarding brain-damaging and autoprotective mechanisms that are activated following the injurious insult. Therefore, drugs that are effective in minimizing seizure-induced brain damage may also be useful in minimizing ischemic injury. Most AEDs have been tested in animal models of focal or global ischemia and some were already tested in humans for a possible neuroprotective effect. The existing data are rather scanty and insufficient but it appears that only drugs that have multiple mechanisms of action have some potential in conferring a degree of neuroprotection that could be clinically applicable to stroke patients. In this review, we focus on evidence of neuroprotective properties of novel and potential AEDs, based on animal experimental models of neurodegeneration. In conclusion, some of the newer AEDs show promise as possible neuroprotectants in epilepsy and acute ischemia but more studies are needed before clinical trials in humans could be undertaken. Copyright © 2005 by Institute of Pharmacology Polish Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
An open clinical trial of risperidone in children with seizures and hyperactivity$$$ Children with seizures may also have behavioral problems including hyperactivity. The management of hyperactivity in these cases is complicated by the fact that pharmacotherapeutic interventions may worsen the seizures. In this study 10 children with epilepsy and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder were treated with risperidone in an open label fashion. The dose was titrated up from 0.5 mg to a maximum of 3 mg per day based on clinical efficacy and tolerability. Clinical improvement was noted in all the 10 patients. Tiredness was reported by one patient, and drowsiness by another, but none experienced extra pyramidal side effects. Furthermore, there were no untoward effects on the frequency or intensity of the seizures. Our findings suggest that risperidone in combination with anticonvulsant medication is safe and effective in treating children with seizures and hyperactivity. Controlled studies are needed to determine long-term efficacy and safety of this drug in this special population. © 2005 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Frequency of neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms in patients with viral encephalitis$$$ Introduction. Acute viral encephalitis (AVE) is a frequent condition that usually courses with psychiatric alterations but few systematic studies have been conducted to investigate it. Aims. To determine the frequency and the progression of the neuropsychiatric symptoms in patients with AVE. Patients and methods. A retrospective study was carried out. AVE was defined as an acute and progressively coursing condítion in previously healthy subjects, with clinical signs of diffuse alteration of the central nervous system, abnormal electroencephalogram and/or inflammatory cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). We excluded patients who previously had epilepsy, a positive serodiagnosis for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and cases compatible with herpes simplex encephalitis from electroencephalographic or imaging data with focalisation towards temporal, frontal, regions or a positive DNA test for herpes in CSF. Finally, 83 patients were included. The psychiatric signs and symptoms that were produced were recorded during the acute phase and one year after discharge from hospital (sequelae). Results. The psychiatric disorders in the acute phase were psychomotor agitation (67%), drowsiness (55%), disorientation (47%), visual hallucinations (43%) and aggressiveness (34%). One year after hospitalisation, in a sample of 70 patients in a clinical control, we found memory disorders (16%), aggressiveness (9%), aphasia (8%), visual hallucinations (8%), and auditory hallucinations (7%). The mortality rate was 6%. Conclusions. Neuropsychiatric disorders are very frequent during the acute phase of viral encephalitis, which is relevant for the differential diagnosis in patients who visit emergency departments with behavioural disorders. One year after hospital discharge, the main sequelae are of a neuropsychiatric nature and cognitive impairment is predominant. © 2005, Revista de Neurología. ER  - 
Benefit-risk assessment of atypical antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia and comorbid disorders in children and adolescents$$$ Evidence on the efficacy and safety of atypical antipsychotics in children and adolescents with schizophrenia is limited. The purpose of this review is to assess the published data on the use of atypical antipsychotics in children and adolescents with schizophrenia alone and with comorbid disorders, and to establish benefit-risk guidelines for clinicians. Risperidone, olanzapine and clozapine were found to be effective in the treatment of aggression and mania. Risperidone, and possibly also olanzapine, may be the drugs of choice in children with comorbid tic disorders. Ziprasidone has some monoamine reuptake inhibition properties and may be administered as an augmenting agent in children and adolescents with schizophrenia and comorbid anxiety and mood disorders. Compared with the typical antipsychotics, the atypical drugs seem to be more effective, better tolerated and lead to better patient adherence. Importantly, the atypical antipsychotics have a lower propensity to induce extrapyramidal symptoms and a potential (shown so far only in adults) to improve cognitive function and inhibit suicidal behaviour (especially clozapine). Yet, the adverse effects associated with these agents, especially weight gain, which may also have long-term effects, can lead to non-compliance in the young population. In children and adolescents receiving clozapine, olanzapine and quetiapine (but not ziprasidone, which does not have a pro-appetite effect), particularly those with obesity or a family history of diabetes mellitus, fasting blood glucose and lipid levels must be monitored frequently. Weight gain might be better controlled when the children and their parents are properly informed about this adverse effect and diet is regulated. Another major disadvantage of the atypical antipsychotics, especially risperidone, is their association with hyperprolactinaemia, which can lead to hypogonadism-induced osteoporosis, galactorrhoea, gynaecomastia, irregular menstruation and sexual dysfunction, all seen also with typical antipsychotics. Other atypical antipsychotics, namely olanzapine and ziprasidone, have been reported to be prolactin sparing in adults, but may not be completely devoid of hyperprolactinaemic effects in children and adolescents. Thus, prolactin levels should be assessed routinely in young patients treated with atypical antipsychotics. Further, children and adolescents with hyperprolactinaemia-related effects should be switched to a prolactin-sparing agent, such as quetiapine. All atypical antipsychotics may induce sedation and they are not devoid of extrapyramidal symptoms (especially risperidone). The use of typical antipsychotics has been limited to patients who are resistant to atypical antipsychotics, intolerant to their adverse effects, or require injections or depot preparations. Further double-blind, placebo-controlled trials and long-term safety assessments are needed before definitive conclusions can be reached about the place of atypical antipsychotics in the therapeutic armamentarium of childhood-onset schizophrenia. ER  - 
Starting clozapine in the community: A UK perspective$$$ Clozapine is the most effective antipsychotic available for the treatment of schizophrenia that has proved resistant to other medications and the only antipsychotic licensed for this indication. Although the drug is increasingly being used more widely in patients with schizophrenia and with other psychiatric and neurological disorders, it is still underused. The main reasons for this are that it can cause adverse effects such as weight gain and sedation, and the need for regular blood test monitoring because of the risk of agranulocytosis. While these hurdles are unavoidable, another problem in the UK has been the historical practice of admitting patients to hospital to initiate treatment with clozapine. However, protocols have now been developed for both home and day-hospital initiation. The experience of one assertive community treatment team of starting clozapine in patients' own homes has been positive, with no major adverse events reported. This approach is, however, extremely demanding of staff resources and for many services the use of day-hospitals to initiate treatment with clozapine is more appropriate. Research into staff and patients' views about community initiation of clozapine, and its economic costs, would be welcome. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of pervasive developmental disorders in children and adolescents$$$ Pervasive developmental disorders (PDDs) are severe psychiatric disorders characterised by impaired social interaction, reduced verbal and nonverbal communication, and restricted and stereotyped patterns of interest and behaviour, with onset in the first 3 years of life. As part of a multimodal approach that includes educational and behavioural interventions, appropriate use of pharmacotherapy in patients with PDDs can improve some symptoms and behaviours and increase the patient's response to nonpharmacological interventions. Pharmacotherapy is aimed at stabilising the dysregulated systems that are thought to underlie the abnormal behaviours, namely the serotonergic and dopaminergic systems. This paper critically reviews the available literature on the pharmacotherapy of PDDs in children and adolescents. Pharmacological, efficacy and safety data on drugs acting on serotonin (serotonergic agents such as clomipramine, fluoxetine, paroxetine, sertraline, citalopram and fluvoxamine), on both serotonin and norepinephrine (venlafaxine and mirtazapine), dopamine (dopamine-blocking antipsychotics such as haloperidol and pimozide), and on both serotonin and dopamine (atypical antipsychotics such as clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine and ziprasidone) are presented. The paper concludes with a brief discussion of other psychotropic medications, such as the opioid antagonists, α-adrenoceptor agonists (clonidine and guanfacine), psychostimulants, mood stabilisers, glutamatergic compounds (lamotrigine, amantadine), buspirone, and secretin. Available evidence suggests that atypical antipsychotics (mainly risperidone and olanzapine) are particularly indicated when more serious behavioural symptoms, such as aggression, self-injurious behaviours and hyperactivity, are prominent. Serotonergic agents may be effective in children with repetitive phenomena or affective symptoms. Social relatedness is more frequently refractory to both atypical antipsychotics and serotonergic agents. Further research into the drug treatment of PDDs, including placebo-controlled trials and long-term, naturalistic follow-up studies of large samples of patients of different age ranges, is warranted. ER  - 
Review of United States and European clinical trials of zonisamide in the treatment of refractory partial-onset seizures$$$ Zonisamide is an antiepilepsy drug (AED) with both sodium and calcium channel-blocking properties. This dual mechanism may predict efficacy in some refractory patients, and a broad spectrum of action against different seizure types. Zonisamide has been commercially available in Japan since 1989, and became available in the United States for treatment of adults over the age of 12 with partial-onset seizures in March 2000. Several multicenter clinical trials have been conducted in the United States over the past 15 years. These have included three double-blind, placebo-controlled trials as well as long-term open-label studies. Zonisamide was characterized in these studies as a safe and effective adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures. Zonisamide has not yet been studied in the United States as an initial monotherapy, but in one long-term study, some patients were able to discontinue other AEDs and successfully transition to monotherapy. The most frequently reported adverse events were somnolence, dizziness, and anorexia. Current United States labeling states that 12 patients with epilepsy receiving zonisamide had symptomatic kidney stones; however, after more than a dozen years of zonisamide use in Japan, the incidence of kidney stones associated with zonisamide remains low. © 2004 Published by Elsevier Ltd. on behalf of BEA Trading Ltd. ER  - 
Zonisamide clinical trials: European experience$$$ European clinical trials of zonisamide as adjunctive therapy for refractory partial seizures included a 12-week double-blind, placebo-controlled study and a 15-month open-label extension study. In the double-blind study, patients (n = 144) were randomized to placebo or zonisamide (400 mg QD) after baseline evaluation. Patients completing the double-bind study (n = 115) continued on open-label zonisamide for up to 18 months. Median percent reduction in partial seizures from baseline was significantly greater in zonisamide-treated patients compared to those receiving placebo (31.6% versus 3.3%, respectively; P = 0.008). Additionally, more zonisamide-treated patients achieved ≥50% reduction in seizure frequency relative to baseline than did placebo patients (30.4% versus 14.7%, respectively; P = 0.03). The extension study showed that zonisamide efficacy was maintained or improved over time. Patient and physician assessments favored zonisamide over placebo in terms of patient improvement with treatment. Median zonisamide maintenance dosage was 400 mg/day, and the average therapeutic blood level was 16.9 μg/mL. Both studies showed that zonisamide was well tolerated; adverse events were generally mild to moderate and most frequently included fatigue, dizziness, somnolence, and anorexia. Collectively, these findings corroborate those of US and Asian clinical trials, which also show that zonisamide is safe and effective for adjunctive therapy of partial seizures. © 2004 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Positive and negative allosteric modulation of metabotropic glutamate receptors: Emerging therapeutic potential$$$ Metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluRs) modulate neuronal activity in the central and peripheral nervous systems, and since their discovery have attracted considerable attention as putative therapeutic targets for a range of neurological and psychiatric disorders. A number of competitive agonists and antagonists acting at the N-terminal glutamate binding site have been identified, the majority of which are conformationally constrained or substituted amino acid analogues. These ligands have greatly facilitated investigation of the physiological and pathological roles of the receptor family. However, their utility and therapeutic potential has been restricted by relatively poor bioavailability and central nervous system (CNS) penetration, as well as limited chemical tractability and, generally, a lack of selectivity for individual mGluRs. Recently, a number of non-competitive mGluR ligands have been identified which bind within the receptor transmembrane heptahelical domain. These include both positive and negative allosteric modulators. Positive allosteric modulators do not exhibit intrinsic agonism but facilitate agonist-mediated receptor activity. Negative allosteric modulators include both non-competitive antagonists and inverse agonists. Allosteric modulation offers the potential for improved selectivity, particularly for individual receptors within the mGluR family, and enhanced chemical tractability relative to competitive agonists/antagonists. In addition, positive allosteric modulation provides a distinct, and perhaps superior, profile to receptor agonism, offering the potential for facilitation of physiologically appropriate receptor activation with reduced liability for receptor desensitisation and/or tolerance. Thus, the emerging field of positive and negative allosteric modulation of the mGluR family offers considerable promise for the development of novel therapeutics. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacologic management of relapse prevention in addictive disorders$$$ Substance use disorders are an important public health problem associated with significant mortality and morbidity. Effective maintenance pharmacotherapies are available for tobacco, alcohol, and opioid use disorders. For optimum treatment response, these medications should be used in conjunction with behavioral interventions. For other drugs of abuse, especially for cocaine, medication development is an active area of research. Further research is needed to develop new pharmacotherapies for substance use disorders and establish clinical guidelines on how to use these medications most effectively. ER  - 
Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis$$$ Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is an important medical condition and there is great public health concern related to its increasing incidence and potential implications for the development of end-stage liver disease. NASH represents a progression beyond simple lipid deposition in the liver parenchyma, requiring histologic evidence for hepatocyte injury such as ballooning degeneration, Mallory bodies, and/or pericellular fibrosis that can potentially lead to progressive liver injury and eventually cirrhosis. It is believed that several insults contribute to the evolution of hepatic injury such as insulin dysregulation, lipid deposition, oxidative free radicals, and lipid perioxidation. Initial treatment protocols for NASH focus on various aspects of injury in an attempt to control insulin imbalances, improve lipid regulation, reduce free radicals, and ameliorate the inflammatory process. No therapy is conclusively beneficial in all individuals, but preliminary data suggest several approaches that hold promise. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Therapeutic strategies for local recurrent malignant glioma$$$ Patients with local recurrent malignant gliomas present diagnostic and therapeutic challenges for the neuro-oncology practitioner. Management must be individualized depending on the patient's age, performance status, histology, response to initial therapy, type of recurrence (local vs diffuse), and time since original diagnosis. Treatment options may be classified into surgery, additional radiation therapy, or chemotherapy. Results of treatment are often difficult to determine because of limitations of conventional imaging. Symptom palliation is an important goal that often requires additional adjuvant medical therapy. Quality of life issues are also of paramount importance in patients with recurrent malignant glioma and frequently will guide management strategy. Finally, patients with recurrent malignant gliomas should be encouraged to consider participation in a clinical trial in the hopes that better treatment alternatives will be available for this group of patients within the next few years. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Management of autoimmune bullous diseases: Pharmacology and therapeutics$$$ Bullous diseases are associated with high morbidity and mortality. They result from autoimmune response to one or more components of the basement membrane or desmosomes. Management consists of treating the immunologic basis of the disease, treating the inflammatory process involved in lesion formation, and providing supportive care both locally and systemically. Therapeutic agents are chosen based on their known pharmacologic properties and evidence of effectiveness derived from observations and studies. Learning objectives At the completion of this learning activity, participants should be able to understand the pharmacology of drugs used in the treatment of bullous diseases, the principles of therapy for various such diseases, and a practical approach to the management of these diseases. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric adverse events of bupropion treatment: A brief update$$$ The clinical use of bupropion as an aid for smoking cessation has raised some concern in clinicians and public opinion. Clinical and postmarketing surveillance studies indicate a favourable side effect profile, but spontaneous reports of suspected adverse reactions to medical authorities indicate adverse neuropsychiatric events to be more frequent than previously thought. Except for the risk of seizures, adverse neuropsychiatric events have not been examined systematically. Insomnia has been reported quite frequently. In the placebo-controlled trials, depression scores were unaffected by bupropion treatment. Suspected adverse events reported to medical authorities in the UK or Germany indicate depression to be the most common psychiatric disorder associated with bupropion treatment. Switch to mania or hypomania is very rare, as are psychosis or organic mental disorders. Suicide attempts associated with bupropion use have been reported as possible adverse events. This topic warrants further attention. ER  - 
A retrospective comparison of remifentanil versus methohexital for anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ The electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) service at West Virginia University conducted a retrospective analysis of 24 patients who received bilateral ECT between November 1998 and December 2003. Patients were treated with a standard methohexital-based anesthetic. Twenty-four patients became completely or relatively refractory to maximum settings on the ECT device and were then switched to remifentanil as the sole induction agent. Seizure threshold was established by stimulus dose retitration. Stimulus dose in total charge (mC) and dynamic energy (J) was significantly lower with the remifentanil anesthetic versus methohexital. (P < 0.0001) Resulting motor and EEG seizure duration in patients was significantly longer receiving the remifentanil anesthetic versus methohexital. (P < 0.0001) Previous reports describe a rise in seizure threshold in patients for repeated ECT. Although this rise occurred during the treatment course using a methohexital anesthetic, this effect was greatly diminished when remifentanil was used as the sole anesthetic agent. We conclude that remifentanil can provide improved seizure response to ECT in patients who are refractory to seizure induction after a standard methohexital anesthetic. We also conclude that the increase in stimulus dose typically required with repeated treatments is related to the anesthetic regimen. ER  - 
Etomidate versus propofol for electroconvulsive therapy in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Among drugs used for the anesthesia of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), propofol reduces seizure duration to a greater degree than etomidate. The perceived difference between the 2 anesthetics is smaller in patients with schizophrenia than in patients who suffer depression. In this study, propofol and etomidate were compared during the ECT of patients with schizophrenia, on the basis of their impact on seizure activity and on seizure-induced hemodynamic reactions. Schizophrenics (n = 34) who were treated with ECT participated in this randomized crossover study. Propofol (1 mg/kg) and etomidate (0.2 mg/kg) were used alternately. The 2 drugs were compared on the basis of EEG- and EMG-registered seizure duration, mean arterial pressure (MAP), pulse frequency, energy index, and postictal suppression. We also analyzed the number of necessary restimulations. In case of anesthesia with etomidate, both EEG- (61.29 ± 22.4 s, 47.9 ± 21.3 s P = 0.014) and EMG- (46.3 ± 23.8 s, 33.6 ± 15.9 s P = 0.006) registered seizure durations were significantly longer than in case of propofol. When using propofol, the increase in MAP was significantly lower than when etomidate was used (8.1 ± 10.2 mm Hg, 18.3 ± 11.2 mm Hg, P = 0.001). There were no significant differences found in the postseizure increase in pulse frequency, in postictal suppression, or in the energy index, nor did the numbers of necessary restimulations differ significantly. Propofol was found to reduce seizure duration to a significantly greater extent than etomidate. At the same time, in electrophysiological parameters that show a correlation with clinical efficacy, there was no significant difference found between the 2 anesthetics. However, the seizure-induced increase in MAP was reduced by propofol to a significantly greater degree than by etomidate. ER  - 
Predictors of neuropsychiatric damage in systemic lupus erythematosus: Data from the Maryland lupus cohort$$$ Objective. To identify factors predictive of significant neuropsychiatric (NP) damage in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods. One hundred and thirty patients with SLE were followed at the University of Maryland Lupus Clinic from 1992 until 2003. NP manifestations were defined according to the revised American College of Rheumatology (ACR) nomenclature and case definitions for NP-SLE syndromes. Disease activity was measured using the SLE Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI), organ damage using the Systemic Lupus International Collaborating Clinics Damage Index SLICC/ACR (SDI); NP damage (NPDI) was measured with the corresponding domain of the SDI. At end of study period, 64 patients exhibited no NP damage (NPDI = 0) and 66 patients developed significant NP damage (defined as NPDI ≥ 1). The baseline features for these two patient groups were compared, and variables found to be significantly different were examined by multivariable analyses to determine their contribution to NP damage. Results. Significant NP damage is common in SLE; mortality is infrequent and the cause of death is unrelated to NP damage. Independent predictors of significant NP damage were disease activity, Caucasian ethnicity and the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies and anti-Ro/SSA antibody. Certain clinical features at baseline predicted specific NP damage. For example, higher disease activity at baseline was predictive of psychosis and cognitive impairment, anti-dsDNA was predictive of polyneuropathy, and antiphospholipid antibodies were predictive of seizures and cerebrovascular accidents. Conclusions. In this longitudinal SLE cohort, significant cumulative NP damage occurred. Early aggressive therapy targeted towards NP manifestations may prevent the occurrence of NP damage. © British Society for Rheumatology 2004; all rights reserved. ER  - 
What's wrong with prescribing hypnotics?$$$ Expert bodies have long advised that use of hypnotic drugs should be limited to short courses for acutely distressed patients and should generally be avoided in elderly people. Despite this, more than 10 million prescriptions for hypnotics continue to be dispensed each year in England alone, mostly for benzodiazepines and drugs with similar actions such as zaleplon, zolpidem and zopiclone (so called 'Z-drugs'). Around 80% of all such prescriptions are for people aged 65 years or over, and many patients remain on the drugs for months or years. Such prescribing carries many potential hazards for patients, including risk of dependence, accidents and other adverse effects on heath. Here to review how the risks from hypnotic drugs can be minimised. ER  - 
Botanical medicine and cancer: A review of the safety and efficacy$$$ It is currently estimated that > 50% of all patients diagnosed with cancer explore complementary and alternative medicine - especially herbal medicine. We conducted a comprehensive review to assess the safety and efficacy of herbal medicines commonly used by patients in an attempt to: prevent cancer; treat cancer; and treat adverse effects associated with conventional cancer treatments. Current evidence suggests that Asian ginseng, garlic, green tea, tomatoes and soy intake as part of the diet may be useful in preventing various cancers; additional research is needed in order to determine the efficacy of essiac, evening primrose oil, mistletoe, reishi, shiitake and turmeric as cancer treatments; and ginger may be effective in treating chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. © 2004 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of recurrent or metastatic renal cell carcinoma$$$ The management of recurrent renal cell carcinoma is challenging as it requires close collaboration between surgeons, radiation oncologists and medical oncologists. To date, treatment options for metastatic disease have been of modest benefit. The disease has therefore been a good model for novel drug development programs. These endeavors are now bearing fruit with exciting preliminary data now emerging in relation to a number of novel agents. © 2004 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Traumatic events and posttraumatic stress disorder in patients with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures: A critical review$$$ Although video-EEG monitoring has revolutionized the diagnosis of psychogenic nonepileptic seizure (PNES), the etiology of this condition remains poorly understood. This article is a critical review of studies on the prevalence of traumatic events, abuse, and/or posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in patients with PNES. Searches carried out on MEDLINE (1966-2004) and Web of Science (1945-2004) identified 17 relevant studies. PNES samples showed very high rates of trauma (44-100%) and abuse (23-77%), which were 15-40% higher than those found in control groups. This suggests that traumatic experiences may be a potential risk factor for PNES. PNES samples also showed a higher prevalence of PTSD than control groups, raising the possibility that PNES may arise as a clinical expression of a hypothetical PTSD subtype the core symptoms of which are dissociative. Methodological limitations do not permit the confirmation of these hypotheses. Stronger research designs are needed, such as prospective and case-control studies in both hospital and community settings. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The interictal dysphoric disorder: Recognition, pathogenesis, and treatment of the major psychiatric disorder of epilepsy$$$ The unawareness of psychiatrists about the importance of epilepsy dates back half a century, when epilepsy became considered an ordinary neurologic disorder. Epileptic seizures, however, can be provoked in every human being. Epilepsy is an extraordinary disorder that, beyond its well-known neurologic complexities, tends to become complicated with a wide range of specific psychiatric changes; they occur on the establishment of a temporal-limbic focus of intermittent excessive neuronal excitatory activity that produces increasingly inhibitory responses. These changes are distinct from those related to the two major psychiatric spheres for which a genetic basis is established, i.e., the manic-depressive and schizophrenic disorders, and represent a genetic sphere of its own. Apart from more subtle personality changes and the serious late complications of interictal psychoses and suicidal episodes, the key psychiatric syndrome associated with epilepsy consists of the interictal dysphoric disorder, with its characteristic intermittent and pleomorphic symptomatology. This disorder was clearly identified about a century ago by Kraepelin, when he established a comprehensive basis for the modern classification of the psychiatric disorders, at a time when epilepsy represented an area of major interest to psychiatrists. A practical method of recognizing the dysphoric disorder is reported. The disorder tends to be very treatable by combining psychotropic (chiefly antidepressant) with antiepileptic medication. The variations in treatment approach required are discussed and illustrated by representative case studies. Psychiatrists must become familiar with the psychiatric aspects of epilepsy to be able to assist the neurologists who focus on the neural complexities of the illness. They also must become able to recognize, among their own patients, the presence of a subictal dysphoric disorder that requires the same treatment as the interictal dysphoric disorder; combined treatment with antidepressant and antiepileptic medication is likewise indicated for the premenstrual dysphoric disorder, a condition that appears to belong to the spectrum of epilepsy-related psychiatric disorders. Furthermore, they must learn how an ignored population in their care, epilepsy patients confined to state hospitals, can be properly treated. Of particular importance is the need for psychiatrists to become familiar with the role of the paroxysmal affects in the general human condition, with their basic conflict to be intermittently angry and irascible yet otherwise good-natured, helpful, and religious - A conflict that tends to be particularly accentuated among patients with the "Sacred Disease". © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Assessment of adverse events and quality of life in epilepsy: Design of a new community-based trial$$$ Improving health-related quality of life (HRQOL) has become recognized as an essential component of treating patients with epilepsy. In recent years, several rating scales have been developed that focus on both common adverse effects and various aspects of HRQOL that are more relevant to this patient population. Increasingly, such assessments are being incorporated into clinical trials, as it becomes clear that improvements in overall quality of life are an important feature of drug therapy. Here we present the design of a large, community-based trial evaluating the effects of switching from immediate-release carbamazepine to twice-daily, beaded, extended-release carbamazepine (Carbatrol). As this trial involves switching formulations of the same compound, we expect to find only small differences in efficacy but significant differences in tolerability and quality-of-life measures. To identify appropriate instruments that could measure these factors, here we review several epilepsy-specific scales used to monitor adverse events and HRQOL and discuss their potential utility in the context of the proposed trial. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of oxcarbazepine and phenytoin on the EEG and cognition in healthy volunteers$$$ We studied the EEG and cognitive effects of oxcarbazepine (OXC) and phenytoin (PHT) using a double-blind, randomized, parallel-group design. Thirty-two healthy volunteers received a maximum of 1200 mg of OXC or 360 mg of PHT. EEG and cognitive testing were performed at baseline and after 12 weeks of treatment. For each subject and measure, test-retest Z scores were calculated from regression equations derived from 73 healthy controls. Twenty-six subjects completed the study. Both the OXC and PHT groups had significant slowing of the EEG peak frequency and increased relative theta and delta power. Differences between AEDs (antiepileptic drugs) were not significant. Significant cognitive effects were seen on 5 of 20 measures, primarily measures of motor speed and reaction time. Again, there were no significant differences between AEDs. The only significant difference between AEDs was for the POMS-Vigor scale, favoring OXC. The small sample size may have contributed to the lack of significant differences between AEDs. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Complications of nonopiate pharmacotherapy$$$ The intention of this article is to review complications associated with the more commonly used nonopioid medications prescribed for pain control. The medications discussed are limited to those commonly prescribed to the adult patient in the outpatient setting and include nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs, acetaminophen, anticonvulsants, tricyclic antidepressants, and topical agents. Only limited discussion is given to medication administered intravenously, intramuscularly, epidurally, intrathecally, or injected. Emphasis is placed on common reactions, life-threatening reactions, drug interactions, and safety in pregnancy. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacologic management of neuropathic pain$$$ The mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of neuropathic pain are complex but are gradually coming to light. Agents that have been found effective in a variety of neuropathic pain conditions include drugs that act to modulate (a) sodium or calcium channels, (b) N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors, (c) norepinephrine or serotonin reuptake, (d) opioid receptors, and (e) other cellular processes. Clinical trials have primarily evaluated these treatments for postherpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic neuropathy, the two most common types of neuropathic pain. Nonetheless, the identification of effective treatment regimens remains challenging, often because multiple mechanisms may be operating in a given patient giving rise to the same symptom. Alternatively, a single mechanism may be responsible for multiple symptoms. Currently available diagnostic tools are inadequate to determine the best treatment using a mechanism-based model. Clinically, drug treatment of neuropathic pain is often a matter of treatment trials. This article presents a summary of available clinical information on first-line and lesser-known treatments for neuropathic pain. © 2004 by the American Sociey for Pain Management Nursing. ER  - 
Landiolol attenuates acute hemodynamic responses but does not reduce seizure duration during maintenance electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (mECT) is an outpatient procedure that requires further consideration in terms of management of ambulatory anesthesia. Although many adjunctive drugs for stabilizing hemodynamic changes during ECT have been reported, side-effects of these drugs may delay recovery and discharge from hospital. The effects of landiolol, a novel ultra-short-acting β-adrenergic blocker, have been measured on seizure duration, hemodynamic changes, recovery from anesthesia, and cognitive function during mECT under propofol anesthesia. A total of 10 patients with depression in the remission phase, were studied in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover manner. Administration of 0.1 mg/kg of landiolol immediately before anesthesia significantly blunted the increase in heart rate and blood pressure during convulsions compared with placebo; landiolol was not associated with excessive hypotension or bradycardia. Landiolol did not affect seizure duration, recovery from anesthesia, or cognitive function before or after ECT. These results suggest that landiolol can be used effectively and safely during mECT. ER  - 
Tolerability of treatments for postherpetic neuralgia$$$ Herpes zoster occurs in up to 20% of people infected with varicella-zoster virus, due to reactivation of the virus from latently infected sensory ganglia. Although pain is a typical feature of acute zoster, pain persisting for more than a month after resolution of the rash is less common and is termed postherpetic neuralgia (PHN). The pain associated with PHN is neuropathic in origin and is notoriously difficult to treat. The incidence of herpes zoster and its associated complications both increase with age, so PHN should be seen more commonly in an aging population. Vaccination with live, attenuated varicella vaccine is safe and efficacious, particularly in children. It decreases the incidence of acute varicella and subsequent herpes zoster. Aciclovir is well tolerated, with renal toxicity only at high intravenous doses. Treatment of acute varicella with aciclovir attenuates acute illness but does not prevent herpes zoster. Treatment of herpes zoster with aciclovir or its derivatives minimises symptoms and may reduce the rate of PHN. Foscarnet is an alternative for an aciclovir-resistant virus but its use is limited by renal and CNS toxicity. Corticosteroids reduce acute pain in herpes zoster but do not affect the incidence of PHN. Their use in some patients may be limited by adverse effects such as gastritis and impaired glucose tolerance. Treatment of established PHN is difficult and may require a holistic approach. Tricyclic antidepressants and gabapentin are the systemic agents with the most proven benefit, although opioids such as oxycodone and NMDA receptor antagonists such as ketamine may be useful in some people. Adverse effects from tricyclic antidepressants are common but usually mild, while gabapentin is generally well tolerated. Although effective, the relatively common adverse effects of opioids and ketamine limit their usefulness in treating PHN. Topical treatment with 5% lidocaine patch or capsaicin is of benefit in some patients and is generally well tolerated. Intrathecal methyl prednisolone may be considered for intractable pain but efficacy and safety have not been confirmed. ER  - 
GABA puts a stop to pain$$$ A lack of inhibition, particularly that mediated by gamma-amino butyric acid (GABA), the main inhibitory transmitter of the central nervous system (CNS), is responsible for many pain states. Until recently, few GABA acting drugs were available and were prescribed mostly for relieving muscle spasms, anxiety and epilepsy, but rarely for pain. The basic metabolic pathway of GABA is well known and we are now beginning to understand the function of this neurotransmitter in the complex circuitry underlying pain, especially in the context of nerve injury. Analgesic compounds are now being developed targeting GABA transporters as well as GABA associated enzymes and receptors. Some GABA analogs act by inhibiting ion channels, a property that contributes to their analgesic effects. However, despite considerable progress in developing new compounds, the use of systemically acting GABAergic drugs is limited by unwanted side-effects on systems other than those involved in pain, and by the fact that in certain areas of the brain, GABA can enhance rather than reduce pain. The advent of new drugs targeting subtypes of GABA receptors and transporters and the possibility of using newly developed delivery systems, such as intrathecal pumps and viral vectors, to target specific areas of the nervous system will likely help circumvent these problems. © 2004 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Focus on levomepromazine$$$ This is a review of the uses of levomepromazine in psychiatry, based upon MEDLINE, PSYCLIT and EMBASE literature searches. The main indications for this drug in psychiatry are schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. Levomepromazine's sedative properties particularly fit it to use in psychiatric intensive care. There is also some evidence to suggest it has efficacy in drug-resistant psychosis, although this property of the drug does require further research. In other areas of medicine levomepromazine has been used in: alleviating bronchoconstriction; as a preoperative sedative; in terminal pain control and postoperative analgesia; and in the control of nausea. Some antimycobacterial properties have been recorded. The drug should not be prescribed to patients at high risk of accidental or suicidal overdose. ER  - 
Allergic rhinitis and impairment issues in schoolchildren: A consensus report$$$ Background: Allergic rhinitis (AR) can have a substantial negative impact on children. Most notably, it can impede learning during the school-age years. Other consequences include adverse behavioral and psychosocial effects, poor quality of life, and potential impact on serious comorbidities, such as asthma. Consensus panel: In February 2004, in a conference sponsored by Aventis Pharmaceuticals, a multidisciplinary group convened to review relevant clinical data for the purposes of developing consensus recommendations for the management of AR in children. The consensus panel consisted of academic, school health, and medical providers, who were identified based on previous work and publications. Consensus findings: The focus of discussions was to assess the degree of impact of AR in schoolchildren and, based on this information, to determine how to improve screening, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment, to help ensure quality of life and maximal school performance in this population. The group considered the most critical factor in successful management to be communication and collaboration among parents, educators, and healthcare professionals. Knowledge of the common signs and symptoms of AR in children can help to ensure early diagnosis, appropriate intervention, and clinically favorable outcomes. Importantly, both uncontrolled symptoms of AR, as well as adverse effects from medications, can diminish cognitive function and learning. When choosing treatment for children with AR, consideration must be given to the side effects of medications. All first-generation and some second-generation antihistamines can be associated with adverse effects on cognitive function and learning, as a result of their sedative properties. Treatment with a non-sedating second-generation antihistamine has been shown to improve learning potential and is an ideal choice for treatment in this population. Conclusion: Existing data indicate that further studies using objective measures of impairment in children taking antihistamine medications should be conducted to evaluate the impact of disease and treatment. ER  - 
Valproic acid: How it works. Or not$$$ Bipolar disorder (BPD) affects approximately 1% of the population worldwide (Weissman MM, Bland RC, Canino GJ, et al. Cross-national epidemiology of major depression and bipolar disorder. J Am Med Assoc 1996;276:293-99, [1]) and is a debilitating illness associated with high morbidity and mortality (10% lifetime risk of suicide). Valproic acid (VPA) is a widely used alternative to lithium salts for the treatment of BPD, and has been in clinical use for epilepsy for years, but its mechanism of action has not been defined in any setting. A large number of indirect targets as well as a more limited number of direct in vitro targets for VPA have been described, but strong evidence that these targets play a role in the therapeutic response is lacking. VPA was recently shown to inhibit histone deacetylases (HDACs), key regulators of chromatin structure and transcription. In this review we summarize the history and pharmacology of VPA and address the potential role of HDACs in the response to VPA. Review of these studies suggests that inhibition of HDACs is a highly plausible mechanism for VPA-mediated cellular differentiation and teratogenesis, but cannot account for the anticonvulsant and mood regulating actions of VPA that more likely involve different or additional targets. © 2004 Association for Research in Nervous and Mental Disease. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Retrospective study of the use of levetiracetam in childhood seizure disorders$$$ The purpose of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam in a diverse pediatric epilepsy population. A retrospective chart review of 52 consecutive children age 8 months to 16 years who were treated with levetiracetam was performed. The data include patients with partial and generalized seizures, monotherapy, and concomitant antiepileptic drug use. Levetiracetam was dosed to efficacy or unacceptable side effects, with a range of 8 to 315 mg/kg/day. Two patients discontinued levetiracetam prior to assessment of efficacy owing to side effects. Of the remaining 50 patients, 12 had ≥75% seizure reduction, 3 had ≥50% and <75% seizure reduction, 8 had ≥25% and <50% seizure reduction, and 27 had <25% seizure reduction. A variety of pediatric epilepsy syndromes and seizure types were represented. Adverse events, seen in 17 patients, were determined to be tolerable or resolved over time with continued dosing, dosage reduction, or discontinuation. This open-label, retrospective study of 52 consecutive pediatric patients treated with levetiracetam indicates at least partial efficacy in a variety of pediatric epilepsy syndromes. Tolerability was surprisingly favorable, even at doses far exceeding 40 mg/kg/day. ER  - 
Comparison of carbamazepine clearance between epileptic patients and patients with acute mania$$$ The purpose of this study was to assess the influence of acute manic phase on the steady state pharmacokinetics of carbamazepine (CBZ) in bipolar patients. Forty one acutely manic andd 76 epileptic patients entered this prospective study. CBZ apparent oral clearance (CL/F) values were calculated in both groups and were compared with each other. CBZ clearance is affected by different factors such as age, body weight, dosage and the use of concurrent medications. However, since these factors were similar between the two groups, our results could not be affected by these confounding factors. Comparison between epileptic and manic patients showed that CL/F values in acutely manic patients were significantly higher than epileptic patients (0.128 ± 0.016 vs. 0.112 ± 0.0147 L/hr/kg, p< 0.0001). As a result, acutely manic patients require more CBZ dosages to achieve serum concentrations comparable with those found in epileptic patients. Increased CBZ clearance in acutely manic patients may be related to increase of catecholamine and sympathetic activity in these patients. This results in increased hepatic blood flow which may affect the hepatic clearance of drug. Besides, due to the abnormalities in membrane transport of acutely manic patients, it may be suggested that cellular uptake of the drug and its volume of distribution may be affected. Since our study is a preliminary investigation in this field, further detailed pharmacokinetic study in acutely manic patients are warranted to confirm results of this study. ER  - 
Irritable bowel syndrome: Rational therapy$$$ First steps in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) are dietary modification, smoking cessation, and other lifestyle changes. Treatment of mild symptoms includes increased soluble dietary fiber and osmotic laxatives for constipation, antispasmodics for cramping, and over-the-counter antidiarrheals. For moderate disease, serotonergic agents work primarily in the intestine to relieve the global symptoms of IBS. Alosetron decreases gut motility and visceral sensitivity in women with chronic, severe diarrhea-predominant IBS who have not responded to conventional therapies. Tegaserod relieves pain, bloating, and constipation in women with constipation-predominant IBS. Psychotherapy, hypnotherapy, biofeedback, and other nonpharmacologic modalities may also be helpful for patients with IBS. Antidepressants are reserved for refractory symptoms; they can be combined with other modalities if needed. ER  - 
Magnetic convulsive therapy: Seizure induction with TMS$$$ The induced seizure through Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), also called magnetic seizure therapy, is a new technique that has been used for the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders, specially depression. It uses a magnetic stimulator that generates a magnetic field that is applied over the patient's skull with a coil. This article reviews the eleven cases in which the seizure was induced deliberately for therapeutic purposes. Although just in it's beginning, it is a technique that can substitute electrically induced seizures (electroconvulsive therapy), if it shows the same efficacy and a more safe profile related to side effects and possible complications, taking the fact that the stimuli are more focused. ER  - 
Fluvoxamine in the treatment of severe depression$$$ Approximately one-third of depressed patients suffer from severe depression The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) have clear advantages over the tricyclic antidepressants with regard to their safety and tolerability profile. However, there is some debate as to whether they are as effective as the tricyclic antidepressants for the treatment of severe depression. The efficacy of fluvoxamine has been documented and has been shown to be more effective than placebo and at least as effective as imipramine, clomipramine, amitriptyline, desipramine and amineptine in patients with severe depression. Since SSRIs have a better tolerability profile, are safe in overdose, and some of them (e.g. fluvoxamine) have been found to be as effective as tricyclic antidepressants in severe depression, they might be considered as a first option in the treatment of depression, including severe depression. © 2004 Librapharm Limited. ER  - 
Digoxin-specific antibody fragments: How much and when?$$$ Digitalis glycoside poisoning is an important clinical problem and the development of digoxin-specific antibody fragments (Fab) 30 years ago has changed clinical practice. Nevertheless, doubts still exist as to the appropriate dose indications for therapy. This paper reviews relevant literature, describes the difficulties associated with current treatment protocols and proposes an approach to therapy, which is based on theoretical principles and evidence gleaned from currently available clinical data sets. In patients with 'acute' poisoning, serum digoxin concentrations do not equate to the total body burden, as tissue distribution will not have occurred, and the calculations for present protocols, which use serum concentrations, are therefore likely to result in too much antibody being administered. Since a therapeutic quantity of digoxin will have little effect in a normal individual, complete neutralisation of all digoxin is also unnecessary. The pharmacokinetic and dynamic logic of using a smaller initial loading dose than predicted from total body calculations is rational. It is recommended that half the calculated loading dose, either based on serum concentration or history, should be administered and the impact on clinical features observed. If a clinical response is not seen within 1-2 hours, a further similar dose should be given. In the event of a full response, patients should be monitored for 6-12 hours; a second dose should only be given in the event of recurrence of toxicity. In patients with 'chronic' digoxin poisoning, the serum digoxin concentration will reflect the total body load. However, since such patients are invariably receiving digoxin for therapeutic purposes, full neutralisation is again not indicated. In addition, tissue redistribution of digoxin from deeper stores will occur following the binding of biologically active digoxin in the circulation. This process will occur over a number of hours and if the total calculated dose of antibody is administered in a single bolus, significant quantities will be excreted prior to redistribution of digoxin. Pharmacokinetic logic, therefore, suggests that half the calculated loading dose, based on serum concentration, should be administered and the impact on clinical features observed; a second dose should be given in the event of recurrence of toxicity. © 2004 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The therapeutic potential of melatonin: A review of the science$$$ Melatonin is a ubiquitous natural neurotransmitter-like compound produced primarily by the pineal gland. This agent is involved in numerous aspects of the biological and physiologic regulation of body functions. The role of endogenous melatonin in circadian rhythm disturbances and sleep disorders is well established. Some studies have shown that melatonin may also be effective in breast cancer, fibrocystic breast diseases, and colon cancer. Melatonin has been shown to modify immunity, the stress response, and certain aspects of the aging process; some studies have demonstrated improvements in sleep disturbances and "sundowning" in patients with Alzheimer's disease. The antioxidant role of melatonin may be of potential use for conditions in which oxidative stress is involved in the pathophysiologic processes. The multiplicity of actions and variety of biological effects of melatonin suggest the potential for a range of clinical and wellness-enhancing uses. This review summarizes the physiology of melatonin and discusses the potential therapeutic uses of melatonin. © 2004 Medscape. ER  - 
Medicinal cannabis for diseases of the nervous system: No convincing evidence of effectiveness$$$ In 1996, the Netherlands Health Council issued a negative recommendation regarding the use of medication on the basis of cannabis (marihuana). However, interest in medicinal cannabis has certainly not waned since. - The neurological diseases for which cannabis could presently be used therapeutically are: multiple sclerosis, chronic (neuropathic) pain and the syndrome of Gilles de la Tourette. - Since September 2003, the Dutch Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport delivers medicinal cannabis to Dutch pharmacies, so that now for the first time, medicinal cannabis can be given to patients on a prescription basis within the framework of the Opium Law. The result of this is that doctors and patients now assume that this is a medication for which the efficacy and safety have been established. - The question arises whether new scientific data have become available since 1996 that provide scientific support for the current Governmental policy. - In a recent clinical trial that has aroused much discussion, patients with multiple sclerosis and problematic spasticity were treated with oral cannabis or a placebo. There was no significant effect of treatment on the primary outcome measure, i.e. objectively determined spasticity. Nevertheless, it was concluded that the mobility was improved and that the pain was subjectively decreased. - Until now, convincing scientific evidence that cannabinoids are effective in neurological conditions is still lacking. - However, it is also not possible to conclude definitely that cannabinoids are ineffective; still, this is no basis for official stimulation of their use. ER  - 
Reproductive health effects and teratogenicity of antiepileptic drugs$$$ Women with epilepsy are less likely to bear children than women in the general population, and although this reduced fertility can be attributed in part to effects of the disease itself, the effects of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), including changes in reproductive endocrine function, are also a factor. Conversely, some AEDs interact with oral contraceptives and can increase the risk for contraceptive failure and unplanned pregnancy. Women with epilepsy also have elevated rates of congenital anomalies and major malformations in their offspring, for which exposure of the developing fetus to AEDs taken by the mother appears to be responsible. In utero exposure to some AEDs may also be associated with increased risk for impaired cognitive function in the growing child. Clearly, possible long-term effects on reproductive health and pregnancy outcomes require careful attention when AED therapy is being considered for a patient with childbearing potential. Moreover, because AEDs are increasingly being used in therapy for other conditions such as migraine, bipolar disorder, and pain, it is not only the treatment of women with epilepsy that will be affected by these concerns. ER  - 
Initial treatment of epilepsy with antiepileptic drugs: Pediatric issues$$$ The selection of an antiepileptic drug (AED) for initial treatment of epilepsy in infancy, childhood, and adolescence should ideally be made after a clear syndromic diagnosis of the patient's seizure disorder. A common cause of failure of the first AED is erroneous diagnosis. The availability of new-generation AEDs has expanded the choice of available agents with comparable efficacy for most syndromes. Efficacy data based on class I or II evidence are not available for many syndromes of childhood, and selection must therefore be based on the best data available. It is also important to assess the relative toxicity and tolerability of AEDs in making the selection. It is especially important to appreciate age-specific organ toxicities. Moreover, the use of AEDs in childhood requires an understanding of their neurobehavioral effects. Important neuropsychiatric co-morbidities in children with epilepsy include attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autistic spectrum disorders, depression and anxiety, and thought disorders. These problems can be exacerbated or ameliorated by specific AEDs. The effect of AEDs on body weight, insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, and bone health is becoming better appreciated. Newer AEDs may offer significant advantages in this regard. Co-morbid migraine in children with epilepsy may benefit from some AEDs. There remains a continuing need for the development of newer AEDs that are targeted for the developing brain to improve the efficacy and tolerability of treatment in childhood seizure disorders. ER  - 
Spina bifida$$$ Spina bifida results from failure of fusion of the caudal neural tube, and is one of the most common malformations of human structure. The causes of this disorder are heterogeneous and include chromosome abnormalities, single gene disorders, and teratogenic exposures. However, the cause is not known in most cases. Up to 70% of spina bifida cases can be prevented by maternal, periconceptional folic acid supplementation. The mechanism underlying this protective effect is unknown, but it is likely to include genes that regulate folate transport and metabolism. Individuals with spina bifida need both surgical and medical management. Although surgical closure of the malformation is generally done in the neonatal period, a randomised clinical trial to assess in utero closure of spina bifida has been initiated in the USA. Medical management is a lifelong necessity for individuals with spina bifida, and should be provided by a multidisciplinary team. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation for refractory epilepsy: A transatlantic experience$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is an alternative treatment for medically or surgically refractory epilepsy. The long-term efficacy and safety of VNS were evaluated in a large patient series at Ghent University Hospital and Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center. Between March 1995 and February 2003, seizure frequency and type as well as prescribed antiepileptic drugs and side effects were prospectively assessed in 131 patients treated with VNS in either center. Patients with a minimum follow-up duration of 6 months were included in the efficacy and safety analysis. A total of 118 of 131 implanted patients had a minimum postimplantation follow-up period of 6 months (mean, 33 months). The mean age of these patients was 32 years and the mean duration of refractory epilepsy was 22 years. The mean reduction in monthly seizure frequency in all patients was 55% (range, 0-100; SD = 31.6). Seven percent of patients were free of seizures with impaired consciousness, 50% of patients had a seizure frequency reduction of more than 50%, and 21% of patients were nonresponders. Fifteen patients reported stimulation-related side effects such as hoarseness or gagging. In a large patient series from two geographically distinct epilepsy centers located in two different continents, VNS proved to be efficacious and safe during long-term follow-up. ER  - 
Neurofeedback as a treatment for ADHD: A methodological review with implications for future research$$$ Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) represents one of the most common psychiatric disorders in childhood, resulting in serious impairment across a variety of domains. Research showing that a high proportion of children with ADHD exhibit a dysfunctional electroencephalogram (EEG), relative to aged matched peers, provides a rationale for the use of neurofeedback as an intervention. The aim of neurofeedback training is to redress any EEG abnormality, resulting in a concomitant improvement in the behaviour and/or cognitive performance of these children. This review focused on studies using neurofeedback to treat children with ADHD, with particular emphasis on the methodological aspects of neurofeedback training. Specifically, the review examined the modality of feedback provided, the different training parameters and their underlying rationale, and the particular montages used. In addition, the review also focused on the duration, frequency and total number of training sessions required to obtain a positive effect in terms of a change in the individual's EEG, behaviour and/or cognitive performance. Finally, the long-term effects of neurofeedback and the potential negative side effects were reviewed. Throughout, the review provides a number of directions for future research. © 2004 by The Haworth Press, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comprehensive care of the epilepsy patient - Control, comorbidity, and cost$$$ Traditionally, control of seizures in patients with epilepsy is viewed as the most important clinical outcome. Yet, current antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) do not always achieve this. Around 30-40% of patients remain uncontrolled despite pharmacological intervention. Poor tolerability of AEDs is a large part of the problem and contributes as much to the overall effectiveness of therapy as efficacy. Comorbid conditions are present in many patients, and appropriate management of these can further improve seizure control and quality of life. Patients with epilepsy often experience - among other disorders - neuropsychological effects, migraines, and psychological problems (especially anxiety and depression). Sleep disturbances are also common and have been shown to contribute to the intractability of seizures in some patients. Many anticonvulsant treatments have the potential to improve - or in some cases worsen - these concurrent conditions, and these properties should therefore be considered in the total care of the patient. Finally, the costs of uncontrolled epilepsy are measured not only in terms of direct healthcare-related costs, but also in terms of lost productivity and opportunity. The indirect costs of epilepsy are substantial and account for 70-85% of total disease-related costs. Patients with uncontrolled seizures contribute disproportionately to healthcare costs, reinforcing the need for the development of newer AEDs with improved profiles of efficacy and tolerability, but with minimal adverse effects on behavior, cognition, and sleep. ER  - 
Psychiatric disorders in pregnancy$$$ This review, although not exhaustive, provides information on the potential impact of psychiatric illness on obstetric outcome. There is clear evidence that psychiatric illness poses a risk to pregnancy outcome. The reproductive safety data on many of the available treatments fail to demonstrate a clear risk from treatment. The medications with clear teratogenic, neonatal, and developmental risks are, not surprisingly, those used to treat some of the most severe and debilitating psychiatric illnesses. Even the amount of information available is inadequate without some straightforward clinical guidelines. A model of risk for illness and treatments of illnesses during pregnancy developed by the authors' group [237] reminds clinicians that nonexposure does not exist. Rather, the decision is which type of exposure is in the best interest of the patient and family-exposure to illness or exposure to treatment. Regardless of the choice, clinicians are encouraged to think in terms of reducing the total number of exposures; that is, if choosing to treat, patients should be kept well by adjusting and monitoring medications-partial treatment simply provides exposure to illness and treatment. Guidelines to accomplish the goal of minimizing exposures include: 1. Treating women of reproductive capacity from the first visit as if they are pregnant: choosing treatments with reproductive safety information (eg, new and improved = no data) and providing supplemental folic acid for all women (800 μg), with higher doses for those treated with anticonvulsants (3 to 4 mg). 2. For women who conceive while taking a medication, and if it was efficacious for them, then the majority of decisions for medication selection should be considered already made for pregnancy and lactation (eg, do not switch medications once pregnant or for breastfeeding, as that simply exposes the baby to a second medication and the data previously discussed do not apply). 3. Because the serum concentration of most medications decreases during pregnancy, establishing criteria a priori for increasing the maternal daily dose; as a general rule, sleep patterns are good markers of psychiatric illnesses. 4. Always preferring monotherapy to two medications. 5. Obtaining up-to-date information at www.emorywomensprogram.org (a website with links to many support groups, reproductive safety registries) or other women's health websites. These basic guidelines can help decrease the number of exposures and aid in conducting clinical care with at least some reproductive safety data. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetic interactions of topiramate$$$ Topiramate is a new antiepileptic drug (AED) that has been approved worldwide (in more than 80 countries) for the treatment of various kinds of epilepsy. It is currently being evaluated for its effect in various neurological and psychiatric disorders. The pharmacokinetics of topiramate are characterised by linear pharmacokinetics over the dose range 100-800mg, low oral clearance (22-36 mL/min), which, in monotherapy, is predominantly through renal excretion (renal clearance 10-20 mL/min), and a long half-life (19-25 hours), which is reduced when coadministered with inducing AEDs such as phenytoin, phenobarbital and carbamazepine. The absolute bioavailability, or oral availability, of topiramate is 81-95% and is not affected by food. Although topiramate is not extensively metabolised when administered in monotherapy (fraction metabolised approximately 20%), its metabolism is induced during polytherapy with carbamazepine and phenytoin, and, consequently, its fraction metabolised increases. During concomitant treatment with topiramate and carbamazepine or phenytoin, the (oral) clearance of topiramate increases 2-fold and its half-life becomes shorter by approximately 50%, which may require topiramate dosage adjustment when phenytoin or carbamazepine therapy is added or discontinued. From a pharmacokinetic standpoint, topiramate is a unique example of a drug that, because of its major renal elimination component, is not subject to drug interaction due to enzyme inhibition, but nevertheless is susceptible to clinically relevant drug interactions due to induction of its metabolism. Unlike old AEDs such as phenytoin and carbamazepine, topiramate is a mild inducer and, currently, the only interaction observed as a result of induction by topiramate is that with ethinylestradiol. Topiramate only increases the oral clearance of ethinylestradiol in an oral contraceptive at high dosages (>200 mg/day). Because of this dose-dependency, possible interactions between topiramate and oral contraceptives should be assessed according to the topiramate dosage utilised. This paper provides a critical review of the pharmacokinetic interactions of topiramate with old and new AEDs, an oral contraceptive, and the CNS-active drugs lithium, haloperidol, amitriptyline, risperidone, sumatriptan, propranolol and dihydroergotamine. At a daily dosage of 200mg, topiramate exhibited no or little (with lithium, propranolol and the amitriptyline metabolite nortriptyline) pharmacokinetic interactions with these drugs. The results of many of these drug interaction studies with topiramate have not been published before, and are presented and discussed for the first time in this article. ER  - 
Evaluation of lamotrigine toxicity reported to poison centers$$$ BACKGROUND: Lamotrigine is an antiepileptic drug for the treatment of partial and generalized seizures as well as bipolar disorder. Limited published information exists describing the clinical effects of lamotrigine overdose. OBJECTIVE: To examine the toxicity of exposures to lamotrigine utilizing national poison center data. METHODS: Data on single-substance exposures to lamotrigine reported to the American Association of Poison Control Centers Toxic Exposure Surveillance System in 2000 and 2001 were retrospectively analyzed. RESULTS: There were 493 cases that met the inclusion criteria. The majority of exposures occurred within the age groups 20-59 years old (n = 198, 40.2%), followed by ≤A years old (n = 173, 35.1%). Overall, the majority of patients (52.1%) exposed to lamotrigine in overdose experienced no toxic clinical effects. The most common clinical effects reported in overdose were drowsiness/lethargy (20.9%), vomiting (11%), nausea (5.1%), ataxia (4.9%), dizziness/vertigo (4.5%), and tachycardia (4.3%). Major clinical effects included coma (n = 6), seizures (n = 8), and respiratory depression (n = 3). Medical outcome was reported as minor in 150 (30.4%), moderate in 73 (14.8%), and major in 13 (2.6%) cases. There were no deaths. CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that the majority of patients exposed to lamotrigine in overdose experienced minor or no clinical effects. Although rare, serious effects can also occur. ER  - 
Effectiveness of bupropion as an aid to stopping smoking before elective surgery: A randomised controlled trial$$$ Smoking is a risk factor for complications during and after surgery, but most smokers are unable to quit before elective surgery. We tested the efficacy of bupropion in improving smoking cessation rates in this setting by enrolling 47 patients from the elective surgery waiting list in a double-blind randomised controlled trial. Patients receiving bupropion had a lower daily cigarette consumption at the time of hospital admission, median (IQR) cigarettes per day: 6 (2-7) vs. 15 (9-20), p = 0.046. They also had a reduction in end-expired carbon monoxide (P = 0.004), a known contaminant of cigarette smoke, and increased arterial oxygen saturation on pulse oximetry (p = 0.011). They were more likely to have stopped smoking at the 3-week visit (p = 0.036), but not at the 6-week visit (p = 0.25) or at the time of hospital admission for surgery (p > 0.99). This study found that smokers waiting for elective surgery are more likely to reduce or stop smoking when treated with bupropion. © 2004 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Long term effect (more than five years) of intrathecal baclofen on impairment, disability, and quality of life in patients with severe spasticity of spinal origin$$$ Objectives: To evaluate long term change in impairment, disability, and health related functional status in patients with severe spasticity who received intrathecal baclofen. Methods: A long term (more than five years) observational longitudinal follow up study assessing 21 patients who received intrathecal baclofen given by programmable pump. Patients had chronic disabling spasticity which did not respond to oral antispasmolytic agents. Clinical efficacy was assessed by the Ashworth scale and spasm score; disability by the expanded disability status scale (EDSS), ambulation index (Al), and incapacity status scale (ISS); and health related quality of life by the sickness impact profile (SIP) and the Hopkins symptom checklist (HSCL). Results: Compared with pretreatment values, there was a significant improvement in clinical efficacy (Ashworth scale and spasm score, p<0.05) but a small but significant worsening of disability (EDSS, AI, and ISS, p<0.05). Comparing pretreatment with 26 weeks after pump implantation, a worsening was observed in disability (EDSS and ISS, p<0.05) and perceived health status (SIP, psychosocial dimension, p<0.05). Conclusions: Long term administration of intrathecal baclofen delivered by an implanted programmable pump resulted in improved clinical efficacy but not in improvement in disability or perceived health status. ER  - 
Treatments for hepatitis B$$$ New optimism surrounds treatments for chronic hepatitis B (CHB). Interferon-α, lamivudine, and adefovir dipivoxil are currently approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of CHB. All 3 treatments possess unique characteristics with respect to their side effect profiles, potencies, and treatment niches within the spectrum of CHB. New agents, which are in various stages of clinical development, represent potential improvements within existing, as well as novel, classes of antiviral therapy, and they offer significant promise of a cure for the many patients with chronic and progressive hepatitis B. However, there remain many challenges in understanding the implications of drug resistance, the role of combination therapy, and how to define the response to therapy within subsets of patients with hepatitis B. ER  - 
Systematic review of melatonin treatment in children with neurodevelopmental disabilities and sleep impairment$$$ Sleep disturbances in children with neurodevelopmental disabilities are common and frequently difficult to treat with conventional pharmacological and behavioural methods. Melatonin is a pineal hormone known to be important in the regulation of the circadian rhythm, including the sleep-wake cycle. This systematic review of available evidence from randomized clinical trials assesses whether melatonin plays a beneficial role in these children and, in particular, its effect on total sleep time, time to sleep onset (sleep latency), and number of awakenings. We also looked at a parental view of the effect. Randomized clinical trials were identified where oral melatonin was compared with a placebo in children with any type of neurodevelopmental disability and associated sleep disturbance. Only three studies, reporting a total of 35 children, fulfilled the criteria for inclusion. The two studies that reported time to sleep onset showed a significant decrease (p<0.05) in this specific outcome where melatonin was compared with a placebo. There was no significant effect of melatonin compared with a placebo on the other outcome measures of total sleep time, night-time awakenings, and parental opinions. Despite the extremely limited randomized clinical trial data, melatonin appears to remain a commonly prescribed drug for disturbed sleep in children with neurodevelopmental abnormalities. ER  - 
Use of psychotropic drugs in patients with epilepsy: Interactions and seizure risk$$$ It is now accepted that patients with epilepsy are more prone than the general population to develop psychiatric disorders, being significantly at risk due to psychosocial reasons, the presence of electrophysiologic and anatomopathologic abnormalities mainly in the limbic system, and because they are taking antiepileptic drugs which may have negative psychotropic effects. It is also known that many patients with epilepsy sometimes receive psychotropic medications on account of their psychiatric symptoms. This review focuses on the main problems that a clinician may encompass when treating psychiatric disorders in patients with epilepsy. On one hand, the effects of antiepileptic drugs on mood and behavior for a correct differential diagnosis of psychiatric symptoms. On the other hand, the main factors that may affect choice of therapy, patients' response and compliance, when prescribing antidepressants or antipsychotic drugs, drug interactions and the potential proconvulsive risk are reviewed. ER  - 
Neuropathic pain in children with cancer$$$ Different mechanisms of cancer pain may involve somatic, visceral, and neural tissues. Pain that involves the neural tissues is classified as neuropathic pain and is less responsive to analgesics than pain that involves somatic and visceral tissues. Because young children are unable to describe the quality of pain, presence of neuropathic pain with cancer may be unrecognized and undetected. The purpose of this article is to explain the nature of neuropathic pain, to review the literature related to children with cancer that suggests the presence of neuropathic pain, to outline assessment strategies that may lead to appropriate detection of neuropathic pain in children, and to discuss challenges in the management of neuropathic pain. Future research is needed to characterize the intensity, location, quality, and duration of neuropathic pain in children. In addition, research that would determine the efficacy of opioids, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and adjuvant analgesics (antidepressants, anticonvulsants) is needed to increase the nurses' ability to assess and manage neuropathic pain in children with cancer. ER  - 
Available pharmacological treatments for anorexia nervosa$$$ Currently, no medications are approved by the FDA for the treatment of anorexia nervosa (AN). However, there are several promising pharmacological targets. Treatment includes a weight restoration and a weight maintenance phase and different pharmacological treatments may be useful in one phase, but not the other. Although cyproheptadine has some modest benefit during the weight restoration phase, it is not widely used. Fluoxetine administered during the weight maintenance phase decreases relapse rate. The medications currently being most widely studied are the atypical antipsychotics, particularly olanzapine. Emerging evidence suggests that some AN patients have psychotic symptoms that may respond to antipsychotic agents. There are promising case reports and open-label studies of the atypical antipsychotics, but as yet, no randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind studies have been reported. Additional novel treatment approaches are urgently needed for this group of severely ill patients who have a high premature mortality rate. © 2004 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Management of seizures in critically ill patients$$$ For many neurologists, seizures in critically ill patients represent a difficult problem. Etiology can be elusive because of the complexity of the environment, and treatment decisions can be compromised by the paucity of evidence-based guidelines. Emerging data support a higher than previously thought incidence of nonconvulsive epileptic activity in this patient population, which is another important consideration. Although a seizure in the intensive care unit should be treated aggressively, prophylactic antiepileptic drug administration is dependent on the specific etiology, time of onset, and ensuing complications. After ischemic stroke, prophylactic treatment is not generally recommended, and after intracerebral hemorrhage treatment is recommended only after a few weeks. After subarachnoid hemorrhage, prophylactic treatment beyond discharge is also not recommended. Although there is no reason to believe that late seizures after severe head trauma cannot be prevented with prophylactic treatment, such an approach may be useful during the first week after the injury. Physicians, however, have to individualize the treatment to the critical patient after stroke or trauma based on the presence of additional factors that increase the risk for seizures, including structural cortical injuries and medications used in critical illness with epileptogenic potential. A general therapeutic scheme for seizures in the intensive care unit and the role newer antiepileptic drugs can play are also presented in this review. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder with phenytoin: an open-label pilot study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Phenytoin is an anticonvulsant used in the treatment of epilepsy. Its mechanism of action is incompletely understood but most likely involves modulation of glutamatergic transmission. The neurobiology of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has been hypothesized to involve, at least in part, alterations in glutamatergic transmission in the hippocampus and possibly other brain regions. The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of phenytoin on symptoms of PTSD. METHOD: Phenytoin was administered in an open-label fashion for 3 months to 9 adult male and female patients with DSM-IV PTSD related to a variety of traumas including childhood abuse, combat, and car accidents. Dosage was adjusted to maintain the therapeutic blood levels used in the treatment of epilepsy. Subjects were assessed before, during, and after treatment for PTSD with standardized dimensional measures of disease severity including the Clinician Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS), the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D), and the Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety (HAM-A). Data were collected from November 2001 through June 2003. RESULTS: Phenytoin treatment resulted in a significant decrease in PTSD symptoms as measured with the CAPS (mean score = 65 pretreatment vs. 38 posttreatment) with reductions in each of the symptom clusters of intrusions, avoidance, and hyperarousal (p < .05). There were no significant decreases in symptoms of depression severity as measured with the HAM-D or anxiety severity as measured with the HAM-A. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that phenytoin may be efficacious in the treatment of PTSD, possibly mediated through its antiglutamatergic effects. Randomized, controlled, double-blind clinical trials are indicated to further evaluate this medication in the treatment of PTSD. ER  - 
Update on liver transplantation using cyclosporine$$$ After the introduction of cyclosporine into liver transplantation in 1983, 1-year patient survival more than doubled. Later, with the improved microemulsified formulation of cyclosporine (Neoral) more stable pharmacokinetics were achieved. Today, C2 monitoring of cyclosporine blood levels allows a more accurate estimation of the area under the concentration-versus-time curve as the single best indicator of cyclosporine exposure. As a consequence, with better control of side effects as well as desired effects the results of cyclosporine in liver transplantation have been further improved. The introduction of mycophenolate mofetil and basiliximab/daclizumab combination therapy has provided new options for the prevention of allograft rejection. The safety profile of individual immunosuppressive regimens comes more into focus since acute allograft rejection may be controlled successfully with competing strategies. As the focus in liver transplantation is shifting toward greatly improved long-term results, late posttransplant mortality with a functioning graft is a major concern. Prevention of long-term complications associated with highly effective immunosuppressants - posttransplant lymphoproliferative disease, cytomegalovirus infection, diabetes, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia - gains importance. Technical advances in living-related and cadaveric split-liver transplantation have lead to increasing use of segmental liver transplantation with the need to consider the effects of immunosuppression on liver regeneration and metabolism. The individualized orchestration of immunosuppression taking into account the underlying liver disease as well as other individual predispositions remains a future challenge. ER  - 
Current concepts and therapeutic strategies forallergic rhinitis in school-age children$$$ Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a common debilitating disorder that can adversely affect the quality oflife and the academic performance of school-age children. Symptoms during the day can hamper concentration and lead to learning problems. Nocturnal symptoms can cause sleep loss and secondary daytime fatigue, further undermining a child's ability to function well during the school day Oral antihistamines are the foundation of pharmacologic therapy, but there are important differences between the agents. The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of the diagnostic and treatment challenges posed by AR in school-age children. The paper discusses and compares the available treatment modalities for this age group, with a focus on their beneficial and adverse effects. Pertinent articles were identified in the literature through a MEDLINE search (1990-2003). Keywords used were antihistamines cetirizine fexofenadine loratadine desloratadine intranasal corticosteroids and CNS effects. Results of numerous clinical trials of first-generation early second-generation and the newer antihistamines were identified. This review established that the socioeconomic costs of AR are considerable. In children aged <12 years, direct US expenditures (eg, physician visits, medications) in 1996 amounted to $2.3 billion. Indirect costs measured by variables such as missed school days and poor performance also have an impact Major concerns include underdiagnosis and inadequate treatment, increasing the risk of serious comorbid conditions such as asthma. Advantages and drawbacks of antihistamines show that first-generation agents (eg, hydroxyzine) are effective and readily available over the counter, but are associated with sedation and the potential for suboptimal dosing. Newer agents, such as cetirizine, loratadine, desloratadine, and fexofenadine are effective and safer than the older drugs tie, no cardiotoxicity and less sedation). Of these, fexofenadine has been shown to be beneficial and nonsedating, even at higher-than-recommended doses. Other therapies reviewed include intranasal corticosteroids and leukotriene modifiers. AR has a considerable negative impact on children in terms of their physical, social, and psychological well-being and academic performance. An appropriate treatment must be effective and tolerable. Of particular importance for enhancing treatment adherence in the school-age population are pleasant taste and ease of use of medication. A drug that has minimal or no sedative or anticholinergic effects is optimal. Copyright © 2004 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Dehydration in cancer patients: To treat or not to treat$$$ Many patients in the terminal phase of their illness experience reduced oral intake before death, due to causes related to their cancer or its treatment. When oral intake is not adequate, dehydration and malnutrition are the obvious results. But these terminally ill patients present a challenge to healthcare providers: to rehydrate these patients or not and, if so, how? Adequate hydration levels are much lower in terminal patients with cancer than in normal adults. Healthcare professionals should assess the patient's hydration needs through personal history, physical examination, and laboratory evaluation before considering the advantages and disadvantages of rehydration, as well as the wishes of the patient and his or her family. In doubtful cases, a short trial of hydration may be appropriate. If hydration is considered, there are a number of methods to consider based on the needs of the patient, including intravenous administration, hypodermoclysis,and proctoclysis.The subcutaneous route is an excellent alternative due to its simplicity, low cost, and feasibility in the home setting. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Meeting the challenges in cancer pain management$$$ Improved life expectancy among patients with cancer has unfortunately resulted in significant increases in the number of patients experiencing chronic, intractable pain - neuropathic pain syndromes, in particular. Yet treatment for this pain is frequently suboptimal. This is due, at least partially, to the generalized nature of available therapeutics, which are often aimed toward symptom management and temporal pain properties rather than targeted directly toward the multiple mechanisms underlying the generation and propagation of pain. Although the future of pain medicine undoubtedly lies with improved formulations, kinetics, and metabolic characteristics, the current armamentarium nevertheless has proven effective in promoting beneficial outcomes and improved life quality in cancer patients with neuropathic pain. Novel, evidence-based guidelines recommend several agents for first-line consideration, including gabapentin, the lidocaine (5%) patch, tramadol hydrochloride, tricyclic antidepressants, and opioid analgesics. However, in oncology perhaps more than in any other field, pain is dynamic and ever-changing in response to a variety of factors, including chemotherapeutic, radiation, or surgical interventions. For this reason, patient-specific assessment and continual monitoring are warranted when selecting a therapeutic regimen. General considerations, particularly when an opioid agent is utilized, should include, pharmacoclinical, pharmacoeconomic, and pharmacogenetic variables. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Efficacy of conventional immunosuppressive drugs in IBD$$$ The introduction and rapid diffusion of biological agents in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease had led us to believe that the old immunosuppressive drugs were destined to disappear. However, despite a decade of clinical experience in the use of biological agents, the old immunosuppressive drugs continue to play a pivotal role in the management of inflammatory bowel disease. Various factors may account for this change of view. Aim of the present review was to summarise key information currently available regarding the use of immunosuppressive drugs in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease. © 2004 Editrice Gastroenterologica Italiana S.r.l. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Characteristics of anesthetic agents used for induction and maintenance of general anesthesia$$$ Purpose. The characteristics of ideal intravenous (i.v.) and inhaled anesthetic agents; the rationale for inducing anesthesia with i.v. anesthetics (particularly propofol); the rationale for inducing and maintaining anesthesia with inhaled anesthetics; and the advantages and disadvantages of specific inhaled anesthetics, namely, nitrous oxide, desfturane, halothane, isofturane, and sevoflurane, are discussed. Summary. Propofol has many characteristics of the ideal i.v. anesthetic, including a rapid, smooth induction of anesthesia and rapid clearance from the body. The use of an i.v. anesthetic such as propofol avoids the claustrophobia associated with the inhaled route. Inhaled anesthetics are preferred for maintenance of anesthesia because they allow a more precise control of the anesthetic state and do so at low cost. The ideal inhaled anesthetic agent has ample potency and a low solubility in blood and tissues (rapid recovery from anesthesia), resists physical and metabolic degradation, and protects and does not injure vital tissues. It also does not cause seizures, respiratory irritation, or circulatory stimulation or deplete the ozone layer. It has a low acquisition cost. Nitrous oxide potency is too small to produce anesthesia by itself. Halothane is too soluble and poses a risk of severe hepatotoxicity. Desflurane, isoflurane, and sevoflurane are preferred because they have an adequate potency, appropriate solubility, and minimal to no risk for hepatotoxicity. Conclusion. The utilization choice among desflurane, isoflurane, and sevoflurane is made by weighing specific advantages and disadvantages of each agent. The primary determining factors for use are anesthetic potency and control, rate of anesthesia induction, clearance from the body, and adverse effects. ER  - 
Postlicensure safety surveillance for 7-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine$$$ Context: Clinical trials evaluate a vaccine's safety before approval, but some risks may escape detection or adequate characterization until larger population exposures occur after licensure. Objective: To summarize reports of events occurring after vaccination with 7-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV), including those that may warrant further investigation to assess possible causation by PCV. Design: Descriptive epidemiology of reports submitted to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), a national passive surveillance database. Setting and Patients: United States during first 2 years after licensure of PCV (February 2000 through February 2002). Reports studied were for children younger than 18 years and vaccinated with PCV. Main Outcome Measures: Numbers and proportional distributions of reports. Results: A total of 4154 reports of events following PCV were submitted to VAERS, for a rate of 13.2 reports per 100000 doses distributed. Multiple vaccines were given in 74.3% of reports.The most frequently reported symptoms and signs included fever, injection site reactions, fussiness, rashes, and urticaria. Serious events were described in 14.6% of reports. There were 117 deaths, 23 reports of positive rechallenges, and 34 cases of invasive pneumococcal infections possibly representing vaccine failure. Immune-mediated events occurred in 31.3% of reports. All 14 patients with anaphylactic or anaphylactoid reactions survived. Thrombocytopenia developed in 14 patients and serum sickness in 6 others. Neurologic symptoms occurred in 38% of reports. Seizures described in 393 reports included 94 febrile seizures. Conclusions: The majority of reports to VAERS in the first 2 years after licensure of PCV described generally minor adverse events previously identified in clinical trials. The proportion of reports portraying serious events was similar to that for other vaccines. Although there are important limitations in passive surveillance data, and caution in their interpretation is necessary, symptoms experienced by a few children more than once after successive PCV doses, including allergic reactions, prolonged or abnormal crying, fussiness, dyspnea, and gastrointestinal distress, warrant continued surveillance, as do reports of rare but potentially serious events, such as seizures, anaphylactic or anaphylactoid reactions, serum sickness, and thrombocytopenia. ER  - 
Prospects for clinical introduction of nitroimidazole antibiotics for the treatment of tuberculosis$$$ Nitroaromatic antibiotics have a long and controversial history in human and veterinary medicine. This controversy lies behind the presumption of many pharmaceutical companies that nitroaromatic compounds should be filtered from the list of drug-like compounds but stands at odds with the remarkably safe clinical record of use of such compounds. In this review, we will describe the whole-cell structure-activity relationships that have been reported for antimycobacterial nitroimidazoles as well as the available in vivo data supporting efficacy with a particular emphasis on nitroimidazo[2,1-b]oxazines such as PA-824. We will also explore the unique potential of such compounds to shorten the course of tuberculosis therapy by exerting a bactericidal effect on non-replicating bacilli. We will consider the mode of action of such compounds in sensitive organisms and discuss the mechanisms by which resistance may emerge. Finally, we will review the pharmacokinetics, toxicology and laboratory and animal studies linking nitroimidazoles with carcinogenicity and mutagenicity and assess the prospects for the clinical introduction of nitroimidazoles for the treatment of tuberculosis. © 2004 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
A study into predictors for the speed of response to electroconvulsive therapy$$$ The efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been firmly established in the treatment of depression. However, prediction of the speed of response to ECT is an issue that needs to be further explored. This study aims to examine the presence of predictors for the speed of response. In a retrospective chart review using 57 patients suffering from major depression who received ECT, the relation of several patient and ECT variables with the speed of response was explored. Response was defined as a drop of at least 35% in Hamilton rating scale of depression (HRSD) score from baseline after 3 or 4 ECT sessions. Patients received ECT with an aged-based stimulus dosage in a clinical setting. Multiple regression analysis showed that high baseline HRSD score and high seizure energy index (SEI) were significantly and independently associated with a rapid response. In a regression model, baseline HRSD score and SEI can be used to predict the speed of response to ECT. Rapid responders to ECT achieved remission significantly more often than slow responders did. SEI can be modified by the clinician. This offers the possibility to optimize ECT treatment. ER  - 
Levetiracetam: Pharmacology and therapeutics in the treatment of epilepsy and other neurological conditions$$$ Levetiracetam, α-ethyl-2-oxo-1-pyrollidine acetamide, is a novel antiepileptic agent with stereospecific efficacy, the S-enantiomer showing clinical efficacy whilst the R-enantiomer does not. It possesses properties which may suggest that not only does it suppress seizures but that it may also be antiepileptogenic. Thus, whilst levetiracetam is not effective in suppressing seizures in the acute maximal chemoconvulsive or electroshock seizure tests, it has substantial efficacy in kindled and genetically epileptic animals. The ability of levetiracetam to delay the development of kindling and to attenuate both hippocampal cell death and enhancement of hippocampal excitability also attest to the antiepileptogenic potential of levetiracetam. Whilst the exact mechanism of action of levetiracetam is not known, it is clearly unique, in that levetiracetam has a specific binding site within the brain (but does not directly affect glutamate or GABA), does not alter Na+ channel properties, produces a limited reduction in high-voltage-activated Ca 2+ currents (but not low-voltage), possibly modulates intracellular Ca2+ transients, and has little direct effect on GABA-receptor- mediated currents but opposes the action of negative modulators of GABA and glycine receptors. In animal models, levetiracetam is associated with a highly favourable safety profile with an exceptional therapeutic index. Levetiracetam is rapidly absorbed after oral ingestion (Tmax: 1.3 h) and readily and rapidly enters the brain compartment. Its bioavailability is >95%; it is not protein bound and it has a volume of distribution (Vd) of 0.5-0.7 L/kg. Serum concentrations increase linearly over the clinically relevant dosage range of 500-5000 mg. There is no evidence that the drug accumulates during chronic dosing, and steady-state concentrations are achieved within 24-48 h. Levetiracetam is excreted primarily unchanged (66%) by the renal route, whilst approximately 34% is metabolized by hydrolysis which is nonhepatic and occurs primarily in the blood compartment. Its elimination half-life is 6-8 h, in adult volunteers and in patients with epilepsy; in children with epilepsy and elderly volunteers it is 5-7 h and 10-11 h, respectively. Because its metabolism does not involve enzymes of the cytochrome P450 system, levetiracetam neither induces nor inhibits the enzymes involved in hepatic drug metabolism and appears, on current evidence, to be free from pharmacokinetic interactions with other antiepileptic drugs or other non-epilepsy drugs - a characteristic which makes it particularly suitable for use in patients undergoing multiple drug treatment for intractable epilepsy or for the treatment of a concurrent medical disorder. Levetiracetam does not interact with digoxin, warfarin or the low-dose contraceptive pill. Because levetiracetam clearance is renal in nature, it is directly dependent on creatinine clearance and consequently dosage adjustments are necessary for patients with moderate to severe renal impairment. Dosage adjustments are also necessary in children and the elderly where levetiracetam clearances are faster and slower, respectively. Levetiracetam appears to have a broad spectrum of action when used as add-on therapy against different types of treatment-resistant epilepsy in adults, being particularly effective in the control of refractory partial seizures. Tolerance to its anticonvulsant effect does not appear to be a feature. It is characterized by a very favourable adverse event and safety profile (features that were predicted from animal models), and is well tolerated. Adverse events associated with levetiracetam treatment include somnolence, asthenia, dizziness and infection. Studies in paediatric patients are ongoing, but early indications are that the picture of clinical efficacy is likely to reflect that observed in adults. Presently, double-blind studies are ongoing and are assessing the safety and efficacy of levetiracetam in newly diagnosed patients with epilepsy and in patients with idiopathic generalized epilepsies. Finally, levetiracetam has also been used clinically to treat patients with seizures secondary to other conditions such as tuberous sclerosis, brain tumours and limbic encephalitis, and this has proven successful. Also, efficacy in the treatment of myoclonus, Landau-Kleffner syndrome, cerebellar tremor associated with multiple sclerosis, headache and migraine, and in bipolar disorder has been reported. Levetiracetam is not licenced for such therapeutic applications, and its use in these and other conditions needs to be investigated further. Clearly, levetiracetam is a unique drug, and whilst its complete therapeutic potential has yet to be realized, its use in the treatment of epilepsy is already proving invaluable. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy for cataplexy$$$ A variety of medications representing several major drug classes improve cataplexy in patients with narcolepsy. These include aminergic reuptake inhibitors such as venlafaxine and clomipramine as well as sodium oxybate. This review is intended to familiarize readers with the safety and efficacy of these medications, thus enabling clinicians to optimize their management of cataplexy. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Role of carnitine esters in brain neuropathology$$$ L-Carnitine (L-C) is a naturally occurring quaternary ammonium compound endogenous in all mammalian species and is a vital cofactor for the mitochondrial oxidation of fatty acids. Fatty acids are utilized as an energy substrate in all tissues, and although glucose is the main energetic substrate in adult brain, fatty acids have also been shown to be utilized by brain as an energy substrate. L-C also participates in the control of the mitochondrial acyl-CoA/CoA ratio, peroxisomal oxidation of fatty acids, and the production of ketone bodies. Due to their intrinsic interaction with the bioenergetic processes, they play an important role in diseases associated with metabolic compromise, especially mitochondrial-related disorders. A deficiency of carnitine is known to have major deleterious effects on the CNS. Several syndromes of secondary carnitine deficiency have been described that may result from defects in intermediary metabolism and alterations principally involving mitochondrial oxidative pathways. Mitochondrial superoxide formation resulting from disturbed electron transfer within the respiratory chain may affect the activities of respiratory chain complexes I, II, III, IV, and V and underlie some CNS pathologies. This mitochondrial dysfunction may be ameliorated by L-C and its esters. In addition to its metabolic role, L-C and its esters such as acetyl-L-carnitine (ALC) posses unique neuroprotective, neuromodulatory, and neurotrophic properties which may play an important role in counteracting various disease processes. Neural dysfunction and metabolic imbalances underlie many diseases, and the inclusion of metabolic modifiers may provide an alternative and early intervention approach, which may limit further developmental damage, cognitive loss, and improve long-term therapeutic outcomes. The neurophysiological and neuroprotective actions of L-C and ALC on cellular processes in the central and peripheral nervous system show such effects. Indeed, many studies have shown improvement in processes, such as memory and learning, and are discussed in this review. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adverse effects of thalidomide administration in patients with neoplastic diseases$$$ Thalidomide, a glutamic acid derivative, was withdrawn from clinical use in 1962 due to its severe teratogenic effects. Its recent reinstitution in clinical practice was related to its benefits in leprosy and multiple myeloma. Moreover, the antiangiogenic and immunomodulatory properties of thalidomide have led to its evaluation in several malignant diseases, including myelofibrosis, renal cell cancer, prostate cancer, and Kaposi sarcoma. However, thalidomide use is associated with several side effects: somnolence and constipation are the most common, while deep vein thrombosis and peripheral neuropathy are the most serious. A combination of thalidomide with steroids or chemotherapy is being evaluated in several phase 2 studies. While it is not yet clear whether these combinations will enhance efficacy, they appear to increase the toxicity of thalidomide, and thalidomide analogs are being developed to minimize this toxicity. Ongoing studies will clarify the potential advantages of these agents in the treatment of neoplastic diseases. © 2004 by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Longitudinal patterns of new Benzodiazepine use in the elderly$$$ Purpose. To characterize longitudinal patterns of Benzodiazepine use in the elderly. Methods. Prospective cohort of 78 367 community-dwelling Quebec residents aged 66 years or more who were new Benzodiazepine users, was followed for 5 years, 1989-1994. Data acquired from four population-based, provincial administrative databases were used to create time-dependent measures of change in dosage, switching or adding Benzodiazepines for 11 drugs listed in the provincial formulary. Subject-specific Spearman's rank correlation coefficients between dose and time were used to measure the tendency of increasing dose with consecutive periods of use. Multiple logistic regression and generalized estimating equations (GEE) models evaluated subject characteristics associated with increasing dose. Results. The mean duration of uninterrupted Benzodiazepine use was 75.5 days. The mean daily dose was about half the recommended adult daily dose but 8.6% of subjects exceeded the recommended adult dose. Some of them (28.8%) switched medications at least once and 8.2% filled two or more prescriptions concurrently. For women, older age at date of first prescription was associated with increasing dose over time (odds ratio (OR) for 10 year age increase = 1.23, p < 0.001). Conclusion. Long periods of Benzodiazepine use are frequent among Quebec elderly. The evidence of increasing dose, particularly for older women, and long-duration of use has important implications for clinicians. Copyright © 2003 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
New drugs for the treatment of epilepsy: A practical approach$$$ The availability of new antiepileptic drugs has broadened the spectrum of medical treatment options in epilepsy. The new agents, together with established drugs, offer substantial choice for doctors treating patients with focal or generalised epilepsy. The newer antiepileptic drugs are not necessarily more effective but usually better tolerated than the traditional agents, mainly because of favourable pharmacokinetic profiles and fewer interactions. Because treatment options have increased, drug therapy can now be tailored to the requirements of individual patients. Nevertheless, significant safety and efficacy issues continue to exist and there is a need for the development of even better agents. This review describes the clinical use of the new antiepileptic drugs, but focuses in particular on monotherapy, the treatment of generalised seizures, teratogenicity, and the cognitive side effect profile of the newer compounds. ER  - 
The promise of atypical antipsychotics: Fewer side effects mean enhanced compliance and improved functioning$$$ Five new antipsychotic drugs introduced in the United States in the last decade offer physicians the ability to treat patients with schizophrenia and bipolar mania without the adverse effects of the first-generation antipsychotics. in this article, tine authors discuss the advantages and side effects of these agents and present a guide to help physicians choose the optimal drug in the most favorable formulation for each patient. ER  - 
Treatment options for hepatitis C infection in children$$$ Multiple factors support treatment of hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in children. These factors include the anticipated long duration of infection after early acquisition, relatively good tolerance of antiviral medications, and avoidance of social stigmatization. Nevertheless, careful selection of appropriate candidates for therapy is important. If a contraindication to current therapeutic agents is present, treatment should be withheld until this has resolved or until new agents are available. Children without contraindications to the medications used for HCV should undergo liver biopsy to determine the presence and degree of fibrosis. In the absence of fibrosis, treatment may be deferred. If any degree of hepatic fibrosis is present, antiviral therapy for HCV should be considered. At present, in the United States, the only therapy approved for children by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is a combination of interferon (IFN) alfa-2b and ribavirin. No safe therapies have been established for children younger than 3 years of age. Pegylated interferon in combination with ribavirin may be considered in adolescents older than 16 years of age who are post-pubertal, or in younger children in the context of clinical trials. Multicenter trials are currently underway to determine the safety and effectiveness of other forms of therapy for HCV infection in children. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
A perspective on the current strategies for the treatment of obesity$$$ The prevalence in obesity has increased dramatically over the past 30 years, more than double in the United States alone. Obesity is associated with an increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, hypertension, biliary disease, obstructive sleep apnea, and certain types of cancer. The pathophysiology of obesity is complex, involving behavioral, environmental, and genetic factors. Current treatment options include behavior modification and lifestyle changes which incorporate weight-reducing diets and physical activity, FDA approved long-term anti-obesity pharmacological agents sibutramine and orlistat, non-FDA approved over-the-counter (OTC) supplements and nutriceuticals, and, when appropriate, bariatric surgery. Without adequate prevention and treatment of obesity, government agencies have suggested that the direct and indirect costs associated with obesity may overwhelm the healthcare system. This brief review explores the current data available on treatments for the obese patient including the relative merits of different types of macronutrient composition (e.g., low carbohydrate vs. high carbohydrate diets) of weight-reducing diets, the value of resistance/ strength training in physical activity programs designed for the obese patient, the safety and efficacy associated with OTC supplements and nutriceuticals for weight reduction (e.g., Ephedra, conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), Garcinia cambogial hydroxycitric acid (HCA), chromium, pyruvate), the safety and efficacy of FDA-approved long-term obesity treatments sibutramine and orlistat, and bariatric surgery. © 2004 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Recent advances in the pharmacotherapy of alcoholism$$$ Alcoholism is a devastating illness that leads to great societal losses. Despite significant health consequences, there are few medically based treatments for alcoholism. During the past decade, a better understanding of the neuroscientific underpinnings of addiction has led to the use of novel pharmacotherapeutic treatments for alcoholism. In particular, there have been new developments in the understanding of the involvement ofthe dopamine, opiate, serotonin, gamma-aminobutyric acid, and glutamate neurotransmitter systems in the pathophysiology of alcohol withdrawal, alcohol dependence, and in subtypes of individuals with alcoholism. In this article, new developments in the pharmacotherapy of alcohol dependence will be reviewed. In particular, the use of anticonvulsants in alcohol withdrawal and protracted abstinence syndromes will be discussed. Data on naltrexone, acamprosate, and topiramate will be highlighted. In addition, data concerning the use of serotonin reuptake inhibitors in subtypes of alcoholism and the use of combination pharmacotherapy will be reviewed. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Psychopharmacotherapy in the treatment of alcohol-related disorders$$$ The development of neuroscience, particularly the understanding of the neurotransmitter system, has led to an ever greater use of psychopharmaceutical drugs in the treatment of alcoholism in the last twenty years. The particular interest in the existence of alcohol craving as the possible negative influence causing the inability to establish abstinence and the ever greater presence of a co-morbidity of alcohol addiction and other mental disturbances opened up the possibilities for the application of numerous psychopharmaceutical drugs during the course of treatment. All the knowledge from the field of psychotherapy and social therapeutic activities on one hand and the efficiency of individual psychopharmaceutical medication in establishing and maintaining abstinence during the course of addiction treatment on the other, had enhanced the possibilities for quality treatment and rehabilitation of patients addicted to alcohol. ER  - 
Cognitive profile of topiramate as compared with lamotrigine in epilepsy patients on antiepileptic drug polytherapy: Relationships to blood serum levels and comedication$$$ Rationale. This retrospective study was conducted to identify cognitive domains affected by topiramate (TPM), and to evaluate the role of blood serum levels of TPM and comedication in the etiology of TPM-induced cognitive impairment. Methods. Forty-tow patients on AED poytherapy co ntaining topiramate and a random sample of 42 patients with lamotrigine as the correponding agent underwent extensive neuropsychological testing. Current blood seerum levels of TPM were correlated with test scores. Results. patients on TPM scored sinificantly worse in phonematic verbal fluency, memory spans, and working memory; language and memory function were not affected per se. In few connitive domains, serum levels of TPM and performance were correlated before correction for multiple testing. Drug load of additional medication did not account for differences between of within groups. Discussion. Consistents with previous reports, patients on AED polytherapy including TPM display a cognitive pattern with specific impairment in executive functions. The severity of the cognitive side effects of TPM may be related to dosing to a certain extent, but this relationship may be disclosed only with larger sample sizes. Accordingly, TPM dosage does not appear to be agood indicator of TPM-related cognitive side effects in the individual patient. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical comparison of extended-release divalproex versus delayed-release divalproex: Pooled data analyses from nine trials$$$ Divalproex sodium is an effective anticonvulsant, antimanic, and migraine prophylaxis agent. Recently, a new extended-release (ER) formulation of divalproex sodium has become available, which allows for once-daily dosing and provides prolonged therapeutic serum levels. Using data pooled from nine open-label trials involving 321 epilepsy and psychiatry patients, we compared the efficacy and tolerability of divalproex ER with preceding treatment with the older delayed-release (DR) formulation, based on patient reports and analysis by McNemar's test for within- subject paired data. Divalproex ER was associated with superior tolerability with less frequent tremor, weight gain, and gastrointestinal complaints (all P < 0.001), but not less hair loss. Divalproex ER also yielded improved seizure control and greater improvement of psychiatric symptoms, and was greatly preferred by patients over divalproex DR. Although the results of the current analyses must be considered highly tentative due to the open-label nature of the trials included, the findings do suggest broad clinical superiority of the new ER preparation. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Topiramate: Single-agent therapy in refractory epilepsy: For a few patients only$$$ • Topiramate is helpful for some adults and children (aged over 4 years) with partial or generalised epilepsy, when combined with an inadequate ongoing treatment. • The indications for topiramate have now been extended in France to cover single-agent therapy of refractory epilepsy, from the age of 2 years. • A dose-finding study of 48 patients with refractory partial epilepsy suggests that the efficacy of topiramate monotherapy is dose-dependent. In a non comparative trial in 170 patients with refractory partial or generalised epilepsy, 12 patients were able to switch to topiramate alone after a phase of combining topiramate with their ongoing treatment. • The licence extension to children over 2 years of age is based solely on the result of previous trials. • Two dose-finding studies, and a trial versus a standard antiepileptic in which topiramate was used alone, confirmed that the safety profile of topiramate is similar to that of other antiepileptics, neuropsychological disturbance predominating. • Other adverse effects more specific to topiramate include cognitive and language problems, weight loss and reduced appetite, acute myopias sometimes associated with introcular hypertension, an increased risk of renal lithiasis, reduced sweating with a risk of hyperthermia, and metabolic acidosis. • In practice, some patients whose epilepsy is refractory to an optimally administered treatment may improve when topiramate is added; and a small minority of them can gradually discontinue their previous treatment. ER  - 
Differential diagnosis and treatment of psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents with epilepsy$$$ Behavioral problems, such as the inattentive form of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), anxiety, and depression, are common in children and adolescents with epilepsy and especially associated with central nervous system damage, family dysfunction, and severe seizures. This article discusses the risk factors to be considered when focusing on the prevalence of behavioral problems, the family factors that influence their incidence, as well as the differential diagnosis of behavioral disorders commonly associated with epilepsy. It also considers the assessment of these behavioral disorders and their treatment with psychotherapy, education, and a variety of psychopharmacological agents. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of antiepileptic medications on psychiatric and behavioral comorbidities in children and adolescents with epilepsy$$$ The three goals of this article are (1) to delineate the limitations in determining the actual incidence of antiepileptic drug (AED) psychiatric and behavioral side effects; (2) to summarize existing data on the direct effects of AEDs on psychiatric and behavioral comorbidities and examine the relationship between these direct effects and specific AED mechanisms of action; and (3) to recognize the indirect effects of AEDs on psychiatric and behavioral medications that can result in aggravation of these comorbidities through drug-drug interactions. All of these data are then combined and formatted into a practical algorithm useful in many clinical situations. © 2004 Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Oxcarbazepine in monotherapy in 324 patients with partial seizures (TRINOVA study)$$$ Aims. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness and tolerability of oxcarbazepine (OXC) administered as monotherapy in patients with partial seizures as a first therapeutic alternative or after the failure of other monotherapies. Patients and methods. A prospective, open, multicentre trial based on observation involving 324 patients between 6 and 87 years of age with partial seizures who had not received prior treatment with antiepileptic drugs (AED) (n = 114) or in whom other monotherapies had failed (n = 210). These patients were administered OXC in the conditions usually found in clinical practice over a period of 52 weeks; effectiveness was evaluated by the reduction in the frequency of the seizures, tolerability was measured through the side effects related to the drug and quality of life was assessed by means of the changes reflected in the CAVE questionnaires, in the case of children, and the QOLIE-31 for adults. Results. At the end of the study, total control over the seizures was 73.7% in patients who had not been treated previously and 43.8% in those in whom other monotherapies had failed; at the same time there was an improvement in the quality of life parameters. 42.9% reported side effects, which were usually tolerable or transient since they led to the withdrawal of OXC in only 9.6% of the patients. Conclusions. OXC is a very effective AED and is well tolerated as monotherapy in patients of all ages with partial seizures, either as the first choice therapy or as a substitution for other ineffective or poorly tolerated drugs. © 2004, REVISTA de NEUROLOGÍA. ER  - 
Strategies for the treatment of autonomic trigeminal cephalalgias$$$ Trigeminal autonomic cephalalgias (TACs) are a group of primary headache syndromes characterised by two main clinical characteristics: pain and oculofacial autonomic phenomena. Three headache forms are grouped as TACs: cluster headache (CH), paroxysmal hemicrania (PH) and short-lasting unilateral neuralgiform headache attacks with conjunctival injection and tearing (SUNCT) [1]. These are distinguished mainly on the basis of attack duration. It lasts from 15 to 180 min in CH, from 2 to 30 min in PH and from 5 to 240 s in SUNCT. The most effective drug preventative in PH is indomethacin even if in few cases other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs have been reported to be effective [2]. SUNCT is commonly described as drug resistant. Recent studies report that lamotrigin may be the drug of choice for SUNCT [3, 4]. ER  - 
A benefit-risk assessment of baclofen in severe spinal spasticity$$$ Baclofen is used for treatment of the spasticity of spinal origin that is a common sequela of spinal cord injury and multiple sclerosis; spasticity occurs in about 50% of patients affected by these disorders. In open-label studies of oral baclofen, the drug improved spasticity in 70-87% of patients; additionally, improvement in spasms was reported in 75-96% of patients. In double-blind, crossover, placebo-controlled trials, baclofen was reported to be effective, producing statistically significant improvements in spasticity. Tizanidine is the antispasticity drug that has been most widely compared with oral baclofen; studies have generally found the two drugs to have equivalent efficacy. However, tizanidine has better tolerability, in particular weakness was reported to be occur less frequently with tizanidine than with baclofen. The main adverse effects of oral baclofen include: sedation or somnolence, excessive weakness, vertigo and psychological disturbances. The incidence of adverse effects is reported to range from 10% to 75%. The majority of adverse effects are not severe; most are dose related, transient and/or reversible. The main risks of oral baclofen administration are related to withdrawal: seizures, psychic symptoms and hyperthermia can occur. These symptoms improve after the reintroduction of baclofen, usually without sequelae. When not related to withdrawal; these symptoms mainly present in patients with brain damage and in the elderly. The limited data on baclofen toxicity in patients with renal disease suggest that administration of the drug in these persons may carry an unnecessarily high risk. Intrathecal baclofen is indicated for use in patients with spasticity of spinal origin unresponsive to treatment with maximum doses of oral baclofen, tizanidine and/or dantrolene. The benefits of continuous intrathecal baclofen infusion have been demonstrated: >80% and >65% of patients have improvement in tone and spasms, respectively. The main risks of intrathecal baclofen infusion are symptoms related to overdose or withdrawal; the latter is more important because of the associated severe effects on clinical status and the possibility of death, but it is responsive to rapid treatment. Overdose primarily arises from drug test doses or human error during refill and programming of the pump, and withdrawal most commonly occurs as a result of a problem with the delivery system. Since the adverse consequences do not exceed the benefits of oral and intrathecal baclofen for patients with spinal spasticity, the benefit/risk assessment is favourable. ER  - 
Non-stimulant medications in the treatment of ADHD$$$ Background: Stimulants are the first-line medication in the psychopharmacological treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, 10 to 30% of all children and adults with ADHD either do not respond to or do not tolerate treatment with stimulants. Objective: To describe alternative treatment approaches with various non-stimulant agents, especially atomoxetine. Method: General review of empirically based literature concerning efficacy and safety of the substances. Results: A large and still increasing body of data supports the usefulness of atomoxetine, a once daily dosing, and new selective noradrenalin reuptake inhibitor, with few side effects. Atomoxetine has been licensed in the US for use in ADHD across the lifespan, and is currently under consideration in Europe. Other non-stimulant substances, such as tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) and alpha-2-adrenergic agonists, which are used to treat ADHD, are also reviewed. TCAs have been well studied and shown to be efficacious in the treatment of ADHD, but are limited by side effects. The number of studies documenting the efficacy of alpha-2-adrenergic agonists is still limited. Some experimental studies support a potential role of cholinergic drugs such as acetyl-cholinesterase inhibitors (tacrine, donepezil) as well as novel nicotinic analogues (ABT-418). Conclusion: Non-stimulant agents have been shown to be effective in treatment of ADHD. Especially, atomoxetine seems promising and newline drugs are in development. ER  - 
Comparative tolerability of drug treatment for nocturnal enuresis in children$$$ Primary nocturnal enuresis is one of the most frequent complaints in paediatric and urologic practice. Physicians face the dilemma of whether or not to treat primary nocturnal enuresis since the trend towards spontaneous remission is countered by social disadvantages and reduced self esteem of the children affected and their families. We reviewed randomised, controlled trials investigating efficacy and adverse effects of current medical treatment for primary nocturnal enuresis. Only desmopressin and imipramine displayed significant effects in reducing wet nights: when compared with baseline bedwetting or placebo controls, 30-70% of the studied children achieved therapeutic success. For drugs such as indometacin or oxybutynin, convincing studies displaying a significant positive effect are still needed. However, considering the adverse effects profiles of desmopressin and imipramine it can be seen that imipramine is associated with about twice as many unwanted reactions. More importantly, a serious adverse effect of imipramine is sudden cardiac arrest. In general, adverse effects with desmopressin are rare and mild, but there have been a number of case reports of hyponatraemic hypervolaemia associated with coma and seizures. Of these, many cases were attributed to excess water intake before taking the drug and all children recovered fully. In summary, if medical treatment is considered, preference should be given to desmopressin. ER  - 
Safety related drug-labelling changes: Finding from two data mining algorithms$$$ Introduction: With increasing volumes of postmarketing safety surveillance data, data mining algorithms (DMAs) have been developed to search large spontaneous reporting system (SRS) databases for disproportional statistical dependencies between drugs and events. A crucial question is the proper deployment of such techniques within the universe of methods historically used for signal detection. One question of interest is comparative performance of algorithms based on simple forms of disproportionality analysis versus those incorporating Bayesian modelling. A potential benefit of Bayesian methods is a reduced volume of signals, including false-positive signals. Objective: To compare performance of two well described DMAs (proportional reporting ratios [PRRs] and an empirical Bayesian algorithm known as multi-item gamma Poisson shrinker [MGPS]) using commonly recommended thresholds on a diverse data set of adverse events that triggered drug labelling changes. Methods: PRRs and MGPS were retrospectively applied to a diverse sample of drug-event combinations (DECs) identified on a government Internet site for a 7-month period. Metrics for this comparative analysis included the number and proportion of these DECs that generated signals of disproportionate reporting with PRRs, MGPS, both or neither method, differential timing of signal generation between the two methods, and clinical nature of events that generated signals with only one, both or neither method. Results: There were 136 relevant DECs that triggered safety-related labelling changes for 39 drugs during a 7-month period. PRRs generated a signal of disproportionate reporting with almost twice as many DECs as MGPS (77 vs 40). No DECs were flagged by MGPS only. PRRs highlighted DECs in advance of MGPS (1-15 years) and a label change (1-30 years). For 59 DECs, there was no signal with either DMA. DECs generating signals of disproportionate reporting with only PRRs were both medically serious and non-serious. Discussion/conclusion: In most instances in which a DEC generated a signal of disproportionate reporting with both DMAs (almost twice as many with PRRs), the signal was generated using PRRs in advance of MGPS. No medically important events were signalled only by MGPS. It is likely that the incremental utility of DMAs are highly situation-dependent. It is clear, however, that the volume of signals generated by itself is an inadequate criterion for comparison and that clinical nature of signalled events and differential timing of signals needs to be considered. Accepting commonly recommended threshold criteria for DMAs examined in this study as universal benchmarks for signal detection is not justified. ER  - 
Psychotropic drugs in the treatment of obesity: What promise?$$$ Obesity is a chronic and highly prevalent medical condition associated with increased risk for the development of numerous and sometimes fatal diseases. Despite its severity, there are few anti-obesity agents available on the market. Although psychotropic agents are not approved for the treatment of obesity, they have been used by clinicians as a therapeutic tool in daily clinical practice. The purpose of this article is to review the rationale, as well as the evidence, for the potential use of these agents in obesity treatment. Evidence for the efficacy of psychotropic agents in obesity treatment comes from different sources. The first type of evidence is weight loss observed with treatment in clinical trials of patients with neuropsychiatrie syndromes (e.g. mood disorders, epilepsy). A recent example of such findings is the weight reduction reported in clinical trials involving obese patients with binge eating disorder. While randomised, controlled trials specifically designed to investigate the weight loss properties of psychotropic agents in obese patients are the most appropriate source of evidence of anti-obesity action, such trials remain scarce. The most studied psychotropic agents in obesity trials are drugs used in the treatment of mood disorders, i.e. mainly antidepressants and antiepileptics. SSRIs (e.g. fluoxetine, sertraline and fluvoxamine) were amongst the first psychotropic agents investigated in the treatment of obesity. Additional data have also been published for other antidepressants (e.g. venlafaxine, citalopram and bupropion) and antiepileptics (e.g. topiramate and zonisamide). Based on the available data for the efficacy of psychotropic agents in obesity and other related conditions, SSRIs may be considered for the management of certain subgroups of obese individuals with comorbid conditions such as depression, binge eating disorder and type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, some newer agents, such as bupropion, topiramate and zonisamide, appear to be promising candidates for selective use in the treatment of obesity. However, further studies are needed to define their possible role as new pharmacological options in the treatment of obesity. ER  - 
Extended-release divalproex sodium for mood stabilization$$$ Study Objective. To evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of extended-release divalproex sodium. Design. Prospective, open-label, 4-week study. Setting. Long-term care facility of the Missouri Department of Mental Health. Patients. Ten hospitalized patients (mean age 39.4 yrs) with mood or thought disorders who were experiencing adverse effects from delayed-release divalproex sodium. Intervention. All participants were switched from delayed-release to extended-release divalproex sodium. Measurements and Main Results. Efficacy was monitored with the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS), and safety and tolerability were monitored with the Systematic Assessment for Treatment Emergent Events (SAFTEE). Frequently reported adverse effects before conversion were sedation, stomach upset, and tremor. At study conclusion, no differences were seen in total BPRS scores or individual BPRS items, although a trend pointed to decreased somatic complaints (p=0.057). The mean serum concentration of valproic acid among participants did not change significantly in the transition from the delayed-release formulation to an equivalent dose-adjusted extended-release formulation (90.5 mg/L vs 95.5 mg/L, p=0.493). At study conclusion, significant decreases in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p=0.010) and potassium (p=0.043) levels were identified. Three categories of adverse effects decreased significantly after patients switched to the extended-release form of divalproex sodium: sedation (p=0.022), stomach or abdominal discomfort (p=0.045), and tremor (p=0.004). Conclusion. This preliminary investigation suggests that patients receiving delayed-release divalproex sodium for mood lability can be converted successfully to extended-release divalproex sodium. Moreover, these findings imply that this transition is associated with a reduction in some of the adverse effects associated with divalproex sodium. ER  - 
Integration of a psychiatric service in a long-term charitable facility for people with intellectual disabilities: A 5-year medication survey$$$ Since the implementation of a psychiatric service in a long-term facility for people with intellectual disability, the usage of psychotropic and anti-convulsant drugs has been surveyed over the 5-year period 1994-1999. At that time, although the overall prevalence rate of residents on medication was not declining significantly, a decrease in number, dosage and polypharmacy of those receiving neuroleptic drugs occurred than 1994. A reduction also resulted among the in-patients prescribed anxiolytic preparations, despite a relative increase in their mean daily intake. Anti-convulsant drugs climbed slightly during the same interval with a parallel increase in the mean daily dosage. A retrospective comparison of current findings to prevalence, dosage and type of psychoactive medications dispensed 10 years previously in 1989 revealed no trend towards drug rationalisation. Until interdisciplinary training programmes as well as effective community services combining disability and mental health needs are forthcoming, a therapeutic approach involving early psychiatric inputs may contribute to ensure a more rational prescribing practice for long-stay adults with intellectual disability who are referred for neuro-psychiatric consultation. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Passiflora: A review update$$$ This review describes the morphology, microscopy, traditional and folklore uses, phyto-constituents, pharmacological reports, clinical applications and toxicological reports of the prominent species of the genus Passiflora. Flavonoids, glycosides, alkaloids, phenolic compounds and volatile constituents have been reported as the major phyto-constituents of the Passiflora species. A few species of Passiflora have been used for curing various ailments, the most important being Passiflora incarnata Linneaus which possesses significant CNS depressant properties. The studies performed by the authors with the newly isolated benzoflavone (BZF) moiety from P. incarnata have been discussed. In the concluding part, various virgin areas of research on the species of this genus have been highlighted with a view to explore, isolate and identify the medicinally important phyto-constituents which could be utilized to alleviate various diseases affecting the mankind. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Abnormal quantitative EEG scores identify patients with complicated idiopathic generalised epilepsy$$$ Objective: To investigate the relationship between quantitative EEG (QEEG) scores and "complicating factors" (psychopathology, true pharmacoresistance, neurological symptoms) in idiopathic generalised epilepsy (IGE). Methods: 35 newly referred, newly diagnosed, unmedicated IGE patients were collected in a prospective and random manner. Standard neuro-psychiatric and EEG examination was done. The patients were treated and controlled at regular visits. After 2 years of follow-up, clinical data were summarised and were compared to QEEG results. Clinical target items were neurologic and psychiatric abnormalities, proven pharmacoresistance. Patients with at least one of these items were labelled "complicated", whereas patients without these additional handicap were labelled as "uncomplicated". The 12 QEEG target variables were: Z -transformed absolute power values for three (anterior, central, posterior) brain regions and four frequency bands (1.5-3.5; 3.5-7.5; 7.5-12.5; 12.5-25.0 Hz). QEEG scores outside the ±2.5 Z range were accepted as abnormal. The overall QEEG result was classified as normal (0-2 abnormal scores), or pathological (3 or more abnormal scores). Clinical and QEEG results were correlated. Results: All patients with psychopathology showed 4-8 positive pathological scores (power excess not confined to a single cortical region or frequency band). The two patients with pure pharmacoresistance showed pathological negative values (delta power deficit) all over the scalp. Statistically significant (P<0.001) association was found between patients with uncomplicated IGE and normal QEEG, and between complicated IGE and pathological QEEG. Patients with neurological items had normal QEEG. Conclusion: Higher degree of cortical dysfunction (as assessed in the clinical setting) is reflected by higher degree of QEEG abnormalities. QEEG analysis can differentiate between IGE patients with or without psychopathology. Forecasting psychopathology may be the practical application of the findings. © 2003 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The newer fluoroquinolones$$$ The quinolone class of antimicrobial agents has expanded further over the last several years, as pharmaceutical researchers have continued to manipulate the chemical foundation of these compounds. Such research has given rise to GAT, MOX, and GEM, and the latest compound garenoxacin, a desfluoroquinolone. When compared with the older FQs ofloxacin and ciprofloxacin, these newer FQ agents and LVX all provide improved gram-positive coccal activity, enabling them to be used in a wider array of infectious diseases. In particular, the newer FQs including LVX have been shown to be highly effective in the treatment of upper and lower respiratory tract infections and skin and skin structure infections. Another novel attribute of the newer FQs is their efficacy when given for shorter courses of therapy (5-day therapy). Short-course therapy with a newer FQ has been shown to be as effective as longer durations of treatment with both other FQs and other classes of antimicrobials. In some instances short-course therapy with the newer FQs has been documented to lead to decreased relapse rates, decreased length of hospital stay, and lower mortality rates. The advantages of short-course therapy include lower total cost; decreased potential for patients to discontinue drug prematurely; and possible decreased occurrence of antibiotic-associated side effects, such as diarrhea and vaginitis. The challenge to all clinicians is to understand when to prescribe the newer FQs, so that appropriate use is maximized. As a class of antimicrobials, the FQs have been overused in many settings, and this misuse has led to the emergence of resistance to the class. To preserve the activity of these agents and benefit from their use, they must be prescribed judiciously. To that end, one example is that although GAT and MOX are approved for use in skin and skin structure infections, it is prudent to reserve these drugs only for patients with multiple allergies or a high likelihood of polymicrobial or gram-negative bacillary infection. Prescribing them for simple cellulitis caused by streptococci or methicillin-susceptible S aureus is unnecessary and overly broad coverage. Prudent application of these agents lengthens their clinical use, and it is hoped delays emergence of resistance. Although not discussed here the FQs, in particular the older FQs, remain important drugs with distinct therapeutic advantages in the management of gram-negative bacillary osteomyelitis, traveler's diarrhea, prostatitis, complicated urinary tract infection, and certain nosocomial infections. Appropriate prescribing of all agents within the FQ class is a necessity if their activity is to be maintained; good antibiotic stewardship is critical whenever antimicrobials are prescribed. ER  - 
Neurologic complications of cancer: Part 2: Vascular, infectious, paraneoplastic, neuromuscular, and treatment-related complications$$$ Neurologic complications related to cancer and its therapy are increasing because of increasing survival and therapeutic modalities in patients with cancer. To deal with such complications requires familiarity with them and knowledge of pathophysiologic events underlying cancer. The vascular, infectious, paraneoplastic, neuromuscular, and treatment-related neurologic complications of cancer are discussed in this article. ER  - 
Nonestrogen treatment modalities for vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause$$$ OBJECTIVE: To systematically review the literature regarding the efficacy and safety of nonestrogen treatments for menopause-associated vasomotor symptoms not due to cancer or chemotherapy. DATA SOURCES: Pertinent literature and clinical studies were identified by searching MEDLINE (1966-February 2004) and EMBASE (1959-February 2004) using the key search terms vasomotor symptoms, hot flashes, and menopause. Bibliographies of relevant articles were reviewed for additional references. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: English-language articles reporting efficacy and safety of nonestrogen treatment modalities for perimenopausal and postmenopausal vasomotor symptoms were evaluated. All articles identified from the data sources were evaluated, and all information deemed relevant was included. Emphasis was placed on randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials, as these provide the best efficacy and safety data. Studies evaluating treatment of vasomotor symptoms from other causes, such as cancer or chemotherapy, were excluded. DATA SYNTHESIS: Prescription medications reviewed for efficacy and safety in postmenopausal vasomotor symptoms include clonidine hydrochloride, danazol, gabapentin, methyldopa, mirtazapine, progestins, propranolol hydrochloride, selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), and venlafaxine. Nonprescription therapies reviewed include black cohosh, dong quai, evening primrose oil, physical activity, phytoestrogens, and red clover. CONCLUSIONS: According to this systematic literature review, postmenopausal vasomotor treatments that have been shown to be safe and effective in short-term use include black cohosh, exercise, gabapentin, medroxyprogesterone acetate, SSRIs (ie, paroxetine hydrochloride), and soy protein. Initial, small reports are suggestive for efficacy in menopausal vasomotor symptoms with megestrol acetate and venlafaxine. ER  - 
Risperidone in combination with mood stabilizers for acute mania: A multicentre, open study$$$ The primary aims of this study were (i) a replication of the effectiveness and tolerability of risperidone in the treatment of patients with acute mania in a very large cohort in a naturalistic treatment setting and (ii) to extend the data on the effect and tolerability of risperidone in the treatment of patients with acute mania to an Asian population. A total of 909 patients fulfilling DSM-IV criteria of bipolar disorder (current manic and hypomanic episode) entered this large, open, multicentre study. The Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS), Clinical Global Impression (CGI) and Simpson-Angus Rating Scale (SARS) were measured at baseline and weeks 1, 3 and 6, for the assessment of effectiveness and extrapyramidal symptoms. This study showed a statistically significant reduction of scores on the YMRS and CGI-severity (mean change = -23.5 ± 11.8, P < 0.0001; mean change = -2.7 ± 1.5, P < 0.0001, respectively) from baseline to endpoint (week 6). The number of patients with a 50% reduction or more in the YMRS and CGI-severity scores was 693 (77.8%) and 630 (70.7%) at endpoint, respectively. There were no statistically significant increments of scores on SARS. Risperidone was generally well tolerated. The present larger open study indicates that risperidone add-on therapy is effective and tolerable in treatment of bipolar disorder, replicating results in various controlled and uncontrolled studies from Western countries. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Pharmacologic therapy for acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: A review$$$ There are many controversies regarding the pharmacologic therapies for acute exacerbations in COPD and treatment must be individualized. Before adjusting medications, it is important to review baseline therapies, the severity of the exacerbation, concomitant diseases, exacerbation history, medication allergies, drug interactions, social support, and ability to comply with treatment regimens. Although five published guidelines are available to assist clinicians with drug therapy options for acute exacerbations of COPD, the guideline recommendations differ. Bronchodilators, antibiotics, and corticosteroids constitute the major focus of recommendations. Inhaled short-acting β2-agonists and inhaled anticholinergics, alone and in combination, are the bronchodilators recommended most commonly. Several issues surround antibiotic use in acute exacerbations of COPD, including the role of infections, bacteria or viral; the method to diagnose infection versus colonization; and defining the criteria for an exacerbation that would benefit from antibiotic therapy. Most guidelines recommend using narrow spectrum oral antibiotics, based on local culture results and antibiotic resistance patterns. Most studies agree that short courses of systemic corticosteroids (2 weeks or less) are beneficial, provided the patient is not already taking oral corticosteroids. The exact agents and dosing vary. Further studies, including more specific and consistent criteria for defining acute exacerbations, will help elucidate the optimal roles of the drug therapies for acute exacerbations of COPD and help answer the many remaining controversies. ER  - 
The use of clozapine in adults with intellectual disability$$$ Background. There are not many studies on the use of clozapine in patients with intellectual disability (ID). The authors describe a case series of patients treated with clozapine, drawn from a medium secure unit, a low secure assessment and treatment service and a community team in the London region. Method. A retrospective file-review of patients treated in these three settings during the time period March-June 2002 was performed (n = 24). Information was collected using a semistructured proforma. Results. Of the 24 patients, 67% had schizophrenia, 17% had schizoaffective disorder and 8% had bipolar disorder. Patients had been unwell for a mean of 6 years and had been tried on a mean of four antipsychotics. The mean maximum dose of clozapine was 488 mg. The outcomes on the clinical global impression (CGI) scale showed 29% very much improved, 42% much improved, 21% minimally improved and 8% no change. 54% of the whole sample and 53% of those from the medium secure unit were discharged to homes in the community. The drug had to be stopped in four patients, of which three were because of neutropaenia. Conclusion. Clozapine appears to be safe and efficacious in many people with ID. Careful monitoring of side-effects is needed during therapy. © 2004 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Phenobarbital for the treatment of epilepsy in the 21st century: A critical review$$$ Phenobarbital (PB) is the most widely used antiepileptic drug (AED) in the developing world and remains a popular choice in many industrialized countries. Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials suggest that few differences in efficacy exist between PB and other established AEDs, but its possible deleterious cognitive and behavioral side effects remain a concern in the developed world. In contrast, high degrees of efficacy and tolerability in everyday clinical use have been demonstrated consistently in observational studies in developing countries. We propose that a pragmatic, comprehensive outcomes program be carried out, perhaps under the aegis of the Global Campaign Against Epilepsy, to optimize the conditions of the use of PB, so that more people around the world can benefit from this cost-effective medication and live more fulfilling lives. ER  - 
Levetiracetam safety profiles and tolerability in epilepsy patients$$$ This review discusses the safety and tolerability of levetiracetam, as presented by the available literature, with attention paid to special populations. In Phase II/III trials, the adverse effects occurring more commonly in the treatment groups versus the placebo group were; somnolence (14.8 versus 8.4%), asthenia (14.7 versus 9.1%), infection (primarily common cold) (13.4 versus 7.5%), and dizziness (8.8 versus 4.1%). Adverse events usually appear within the first month after treatment initiation, are not dose-dependent, are mostly mild-to-moderate, generally resolve without medication withdrawal, and are transient when the medication is stopped. No significant changes in haematology and chemistry profiles or weight occurred. Hypersensitivity reactions were rare and no idiosyncratic event has been reported. Open-label studies have added patient data with other epileptic syndromes and from a wider patient pool, such as children and patients with prior psychiatric history. These studies have supported initial safety findings, but have reported increased behavioural adverse events in children and patients with a history of prior behavioural problems. Levetiracetam is proving to be safe and well-tolerated. So far, it appears to have a favourable safety profile in special populations, such as children, the elderly, and patients with hepatic dysfunction. Preliminary data in pregnancy are promising, but more data are needed on the impact of levetiracetam on the developing fetus and pharmacokinetic alterations caused in pregnancy. Adjustments in dosing are required for decreases in renal clearance. 2004 © Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Safety and side effect profile of fluoxetine$$$ Fluoxetine was the first selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor to be widely available for treatment of depression and numerous other neuropsychiatric disorders. Its attributes have been described in numerous scientific papers, and it has been the subject of a considerable volume of lay press. Fluoxetine is generally safe and well-tolerated. Common adverse events reported with the recommended dose of 20 mg/day are referable to the gastrointestinal system and the nervous system. The approved dose range is up to 80 mg/day, and when higher doses are used, adverse events are more common. The long half-life of fluoxetine and its active metabolite essentially preclude a withdrawal phenomenon. It is an inhibitor of cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2D6 and other CYP enzymes, which increases the potential for drug interactions. However, most of these are not clinically important. The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of some of the most important information related to safety and side effects of this drug. 2004 © Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Which agents should we use for the treatment of multidrug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis?$$$ The inappropriate treatment of drug-susceptible tuberculosis can lead to the selection and transmission of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB), indicating resistance to at least isoniazid and rifampicin. In the treatment of MDR-TB, residual first-line drugs, such as ethambutol, pyrazinamide and streptomycin must be appropriately combined with additional second-line drugs, guided by individual susceptibility patterns. The clinical pharmacology of these second-line antituberculous drugs is reviewed. Fluoroquinolones represent the only substantial therapeutic advance in the last 20 years. Many factors potentially affect the outcome of MDR-TB. Treatment adherence, prior exposure to antituberculous drugs, the number of drugs to which the infection is still susceptible and the time since the first diagnosis of tuberculosis are the most relevant. The management of MDR-TB requires considerable expertise. When initiating or revising therapy for MDR-TB, the process of selecting drugs should rely on prior treatment history, results of susceptibility testing and an evaluation of the patient's adherence. In making drug selection, we propose to follow a hierarchy based on the intrinsic activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis and the clinical evidence of efficacy of the available active compounds. © The British Society for Antimicrobial Chemotherapy 2004; all rights reserved. ER  - 
Motherisk update: Is a fetus a non-consenting patient?$$$ Question. In the 1960s, Dr Cameron, a Montreal, Que, psychiatrist, experimented with drug-induced sleep and electroconvulsive therapy for psychiatric patients, believing that this method "wipes them clean of harmful memories." In 1992 the government of Canada settled lawsuits by former patients of Dr Cameron, awarding them large payments. The government rejected a similar claim by Lloyd Schrier, whose mother had been treated by Dr Cameron while she was carrying Lloyd, arguing that Lloyd was not Cameron's patient. Or was he? Answer. The fetus was exposed to the medications taken by his mother, (eg, barbiturates) and thus qualifies as an unconsenting patient. ER  - 
New mood stabilizers and reproductive cycle$$$ Introduction. The use of new mood stabilizers in the treatment of bipolar disorder has supposed a revolution, especially due to its more favorable profile in many aspects. Nevertheless, therapeutic decisions on treatment during pregnancy and the breastfeeding period are still being debated. Since these new anticonvulsants appeared in the decade of 1990, less naturalistic experience in its use exists during these periods than with other older anticonvulsants. Methods. A Medline and Embase search was conducted from 1970 to 2003 to review the articles published on the use of the new mood stabilizers during pregnancy and breastfeeding, and its effects on contraception. Neurology and psychiatry text chapters and abstracts of the Annual Meeting of the American Psychiatric Association (years 2001-2003) were also reviewed. Results. Although some recent articles suggest that new mood stabilizers could have a smaller risk of congenital defects, and therefore could be used with smaller risks in women in fertile age, most of articles reviewed indicate that there is not enough knowledge on the safety of the new mood stabilizers in pregnancy and breastfeeding. Conclusions. The risks and benefits of continuing with the new mood stabilizers during pregnancy and breastfeeding must be weighed carefully, and the severity of the disease and the previous answer to treatment should be taken into account. ER  - 
Evidence-based guidelines for the pharmacological management of substance misuse, addiction and comorbidity: Recommendations from the British Association for Psychopharmacology$$$ The British Association for Psychopharmacology guidelines for the treatment of substance misuse, addiction and comorbidity with psychiatric disorders primarily focus on their pharmacological management. They are based explicitly on the available evidence and presented as recommendations to aid clinical decision making for practitioners alongside a detailed review of the evidence. A consensus meeting, involving experts in the treatment of these disorders, reviewed key areas and considered the strength of the evidence and clinical implications. The guidelines were drawn up after feedback from participants. The guidelines primarily cover the pharmacological management of withdrawal, short- and long-term substitution, maintenance of abstinence and prevention of complications, where appropriate, in substance misuse, addiction and comorbidity with psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Treatment of brain metastases$$$ Brain metastases are a common complication of cancer, found in approximately 20% of patients at autopsy. The diagnosis is usually established by neuroimaging and carries a poor overall prognosis. Supportive therapies, such as corticosteroids, anticonvulsants, and anticoagulants, are necessary for most patients to address the common medical complications that often accompany brain metastases. These treatments often ameliorate symptoms and signs and improve neurologic function, but they require careful management to minimize their common toxicities. Definitive antitumor treatment may include whole-brain radiotherapy, surgery, stereotactic radiosurgery, and chemotherapy. A multimodal approach can yield prolonged survival of a year or more in some patients, particularly those with limited intracranial disease, high performance status, limited systemic cancer burden, young age, and certain tumor pathologies. However, even patients with poor prognostic factors can have some relief of neurologic symptoms and signs with the institution of therapy. Patients with recurrent brain metastases can also benefit from additional treatment, including all the modalities available at diagnosis. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Second-generation antipsychotic medications in children and adolescents$$$ Objective: We reviewed available pediatric literature on second-generation antipsychotic medications to assess current evidence of efficacy and safety. Method: An English language MEDLINE search (1974-2003) was conducted using key words - atypical antipsychotics, children and adolescents, toxicity, clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone, and aripiprazole. Additional efficacy and safety data were obtained from drug manufacturers. Results: We identified 176 reports, including 15 double-blind, controlled trials, 58 open-label studies, 18 retrospective chart reviews, and 85 case series/reports. The majority of these studies (43%) were of risperidone. Evidence suggests that second-generation antipsychotics are efficacious in the treatment of psychosis, bipolar disorders, pervasive developmental disorders, and Tourette's Disorder, and are potentially useful in mental retardation, conduct disorder, and severe attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The most frequently reported side effects included cardiovascular effects, weight gain, sedation, sialorrhea, extrapyramidal signs, and hyperprolactinemia, although the relative frequencies of these untoward effects vary among medications. Conclusion: Although the evidence base for pediatric use of second-generation antipsychotics is expanding, the majority of available studies are anecdotal, or short-term, open-label trials. Reports suggest that these compounds are effective for a variety of psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents, but additional double-blind, controlled studies are required to establish definitive efficacy. Although these medications appear to be well tolerated in short-term studies, long-term follow-up investigations and ongoing clinical monitoring are necessary to confirm their safety in this age group. ER  - 
Pharmacology of catamenial epilepsy$$$ Catamenial epilepsy is a menstrual cycle-related seizure disorder characterized by an increase in seizures at the time of menstruation. Catamenial epilepsy affects up to 70% of women with epilepsy. Catamenial seizures are common among women with focal or generalized epilepsy, which affects an estimated 1 million women in the United States. Presently, there is no specific, FDA-approved drug treatment for catamenial epilepsy. Despite the increased use of wide-ranging antiepileptic and hormonal drugs, catamenial seizures are often refractory to many treatments. Recent studies have provided an improved understanding of the pathophysiology of catamenial epilepsy. Cyclical changes of ovarian hormones estrogens and progesterone are now widely believed to be essential for the genesis of catamenial seizures. Generally, progesterone has antiseizure effects, while estrogens facilitate seizure susceptibility. The progesterone metabolite allopregnanolone has been identified as a key endogenous neurosteroid with powerful antiseizure activity. Allopregnanolone is a potent, positive allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors. Progesterone and allopregnanolone exposure and withdrawal affects GABAA receptor plasticity. In animal models, withdrawal from chronic progesterone and, consequently, of allopregnanolone levels in brain, has been shown to increase seizure susceptibility. Natural progesterone therapy is proven to be effective in women with epilepsy. Consequently, synthetic neurosteroids that are devoid of hormonal side effects represent a novel class of antiepileptic drugs for women with catamenial epilepsy. Our studies suggest that ganaxolone, a GABA A receptor-modulating synthetic neuroactive steroid, is a particularly promising treatment for catamenial epilepsy. Future studies are clearly warranted to determine the molecular pathophysiology and an effective treatment of catamenial epilepsy. © 2004 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Therapeutic drug monitoring of non-anticancer drugs in cancer patients$$$ Therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) or the measurement of drug concentrations in plasma, serum or blood, aims to improve clinical activity, avoid toxicity, and reduce the costs of drug treatment. Specific conditions for TDM to be reasonably applied include the availability of a validated assay, a considerable interindividual pharmacokinetic variability, a high correlation between drug concentration and toxicity, and a narrow therapeutic index. Cancer patients are especially prone to drug-drug interactions due to significant comedication, impaired liver and kidney function and hypoalbuminemia with altered drug binding. This article discusses TDM for various broadly used non-anticancer drugs in cancer patients and gives specific recommendations. Selected drugs covered in this article include those regularly used in febrile neutropenic patients such as the glycopeptide antibiotics, aminoglycosides, the antifungal agents, including flucytosine and azole compounds, the anticonvulsants phenytoin, carbamazepine and valproate, the tricyclic antidepressants, selective-serotonin-reuptake inhibitors, lithium, morphine, digitalis glycosides and the immunosupressants cyclosporin A, tacrolimus, sirolimus and mycophenolate mofetil, crucial compounds in the setting of bone marrow transplantation. In all cases, treating physicians have to consider the variability in patient age, disease stage, comedication, organ function and protein level to weigh the pros and cons of TDM in the individual cancer patient. © 2004 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Management issues of neuropathic trigeminal pain from a medical perspective$$$ The purpose of this article is to review the pharmacological treatment of neuropathic trigeminal pain by means of a systematic review. A number of randomized controlled trials and important historical and uncontrolled studies in trigeminal neuralgia and postherpetic neuralgia were identified. Trigeminal neuralgia is a unique neuropathic pain disorder with a specific therapy. It does not respond to the usual drugs used for other neuropathic pains. The drug therapy of trigeminal postherpetic neuralgia is similar to that of other neuropathic trigeminal pain conditions. ER  - 
Pharmacological options for low back pain$$$ Analgesics are important in the management of low back pain, but their role is currently limited by the efficacy of available pharmacological options. Recent progress in pain research has greatly increased understanding of the pathophysiology of pain and the mechanisms of actions of analgesic agents, but the translation of research progress into new clinical treatments has been slow. Nonetheless, currently available agents (nonopioid, opioid, and adjuvant analgesics) have established utility in the management of moderate and severe pain. While awaiting new research developments, clinicians can improve symptom control and patient care in persons with low back pain now by optimizing use of available pharmacologic options. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antiepileptic, behavioral, and antidepressant effects of adjuvant lamotrigine therapy in drug-resistant epilepsy.$$$ AIM: To evaluate the behavioral effects of lamotrigine as add-on therapy in treatment-resistant epilepsy. METHODS: An open, prospective, long-term study of lamotrigine as adjuvant therapy was performed in 56 patients with drug-resistant epilepsy (female/male ratio 35/21, age range 16-51 years). All the patients kept seizure diaries, and electroencephalograms were recorded at baseline and during 24 months of the treatment. Quality of life questionnaire, Hamilton depression scale (HMD), Beck depression scale (BDI), and Hamilton anxiety scale (HMA) were used before and during lamotrigine therapy. Comparative assessments were made in an age- and sex-matched control group treated with other antiepileptic drugs. RESULTS: Overall, seizure control was improved in 55.3% of the patients, remained unchanged in 39.3%, and deteriorated in 5.4%. Improvement in some quality of life measures occurred in 50% of the patients. The HMD subscales and BDI scale showed significant improvement in lamotrigine treated patients compared to the control group (ANOVA, p < 0.01). Negative behavioral effects occurred in 10.7% of the patients. CONCLUSION: Lamotrigine demonstrated significant antiepileptic long-term efficacy, and its positive effects on the mood and quality of life, which surpassed the negative behavioral effects, and contributed highly to the favorable treatment outcome. ER  - 
Female sexual dysfunction - From diagnosis to treatment$$$ This paper defines female sexual dysfunction, its classification and incidence, and discusses several available treatments. © 2004 American Society for Reproductive Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Tacrolimus or cyclosporine: Which is the better partner for mycophenolate mofetil in heart transplant recipients?$$$ Background. The aim of this single-center study was to investigate whether trough level adjusted mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) is more efficacious in combination with tacrolimus (TAC) or cyclosporine (CsA) and to evaluate the impact of either drug on MMF dosage. Methods. Sixty patients (TAC, n=30; CsA, n=30) undergoing heart transplantation were randomized into a prospective, open-label, controlled trial. Immunosuppression consisted of TAC or CsA in combination with MMF and corticosteroids. Target blood trough levels of TAC, CsA, and mycophenolic acid (MPA) were in the range of 10 to 15 ng/mL, 100 to 300 ng/mL, and 1.5 to 4.0 μg/mL, respectively. Acute rejection episodes (ARE); survival data; and adverse events with a special emphasis on infections, diabetes, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and the development of graft vessel disease (GVD) were recorded. Results. Baseline characteristics were well balanced. All patients were successfully withdrawn from corticosteroids within 6 months of transplant. Freedom from acute rejection was significantly higher (P=0.0001) and the incidence of ARE per 100 patient days significantly lower in the TAC-MMF group than in the CsA-MMF group (0.03 vs. 0.15; P=0.00007). Overall patient survival during follow-up was similar (93% vs. 90%). To achieve the targeted MPA blood levels, a significantly lower dose of MMF was required for TAC versus CsA patients. After a follow-up time of 2 years, the mean GVD score was 1.85 ± 3.18 in the TAC-MMF group and 3.95 ± 4.8 in the CsA-MMF group (P= 0.08). Conclusions. At the selected doses and target levels for TAC and CsA used in this study, trough level adjusted MMF was more efficacious in combination with TAC for prevention of ARE. Furthermore, CsA patients need significantly more MMF to achieve similar MPA levels. ER  - 
Biologic agents for the treatment of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis: Current status$$$ Biologic therapies, primarily anticytokine therapies, are being increasingly used in patients with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA). Levels of a variety of proinflammatory cytokines have been shown to be elevated in the peripheral blood and synovial fluid and tissue in children with JRA. In a blinded, randomized, controlled trial in children with severe, long-standing, polyarticular-course JRA not responsive to standard therapies, etanercept showed a statistically significantly greater response rate than placebo. Approximately 75% of these children responded to etanercept. Etanercept has been efficacious in 50-60% of children with active systemic JRA in open clinical trials with acceptable tolerance. Adverse events seen in children treated with etanercept have been similar in type and frequency to those reported in adults. Infliximab has been studied in several open clinical trials in both polyarticular and systemic JRA and found to, overall, have demonstrated efficacy in approximately 60% of patients. Approximately 3-5% of patients have demonstrated infusion reactions or frank allergic reactions and 9% developed new autoantibodies. Anakinra has been studied in children with polyarticular JRA. Approximately 65% of patients developed injection-site reactions and 68% demonstrated a response to the medication. Anakinra may have increased efficacy in systemic JRA. Interleukin (IL)-6 is highly related to the systemic disease manifestations in systemic JRA and two patients treated with a monoclonal antibody to the IL-6 receptor have demonstrated significant improvement with prolonged clinical control with continued treatment. A particular pediatric concern is the effect of immunosuppressive biologics in children who are exposed to or develop varicella. These children should be treated, both in terms of prophylaxis and aggressive antivaricella treatment, as for other immunosuppressed children. Anticytokine biologics have demonstrated great promise in the treatment of JRA and a variety of other pediatric rheumatic diseases, although at this time the randomized, placebo-controlled data are limited only to etanercept in children with polyarticular JRA. Randomized trials are ongoing to better define both the efficacy and safety of these novel treatments for children with JRA and other rheumatic diseases. ER  - 
A prospective analysis of the outcome of levetiracetam in clinical practice$$$ In this postlicensing surveillance study in a large unselected population, data were collected prospectively on all patients prescribed levetiracetam (LEV) at a regional epilepsy clinic over a 2-year period. Two hundred forty-five (69.2%) patients remained on LEV, with 8.8% achieving remission and some improvement in seizure control in 49.3%. Sedation was the most common adverse effect (10.7%), but mood disturbance was more likely to lead to discontinuation (4.8%). Cumulative probability of remaining on LEV at 12 months was 0.74 (95% CI 0.69 to 0.79). Factors predictive of a poorer retention were a greater number of previous antiepileptic drugs and a faster initial titration regimen. ER  - 
Ephedra-containing dietary supplements in the US versus Ephedra as a Chinese medicine$$$ Ephedra has been commonly used in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) without significant adverse effects. Ephedra-containing dietary supplements are widely used in the United States to promote weight reduction and energy enhancement. However, there are significant safety concerns regarding the use of ephedra-containing dietary supplements, especially when such use occurs by consumers without medical supervision. This article reviews and contrasts the usage of ephedra as a dietary supplement in the US against an herbal medication in TCM. The potential adverse effects of ephedra-containing dietary supplements are also reviewed. © 2004 World Scientific Publishing Company & Institute for Advanced Research in Asian Science and Medicine. ER  - 
Dose response and atypical antipsychotics in schizophrenia$$$ Based on information from clinical trials, both the efficacy and adverse effects of conventional antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia are dose related. The overlapping nature of these dose-response profiles limits the use of these agents. Atypical antipsychotics provide greater relief across the comorbid symptom domains of schizophrenia, but dose-response studies and clinical experience have revealed that some of these drugs also have dose limitations. This article reviews the dose-response relationships of the atypical antipsychotics as presented predominantly in pivotal, randomised studies (double-blind and otherwise). Limited data indicate that clozapine shows dose-related efficacy up to 600 mg/ day in patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia. However, higher dosages of clozapine may be associated with the risk of seizures. Risperidone demonstrates dose-related adverse events that compromise efficacy. The dose-response relationships for ziprasidone, quetiapine and aripiprazole are less well established. The efficacy of olanzapine appears to be dose related within the recommended dosage range of 10-20 mg/day, but clinical trials that have explored higher dosages suggest improved efficacy. Furthermore, the higher doses are not associated with a significantly increased incidence of adverse events. Further studies are clearly needed to fully characterise the dose-response relationships of atypical antipsychotics. ER  - 
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in adults$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in adults can be validly and reliably diagnosed. The clinical features are highly reminiscent of the pediatric form of the disorder. Diagnosis is based on clinical assessment using the DSM-IV criteria. Many adults with ADHD experience co-occurring disorders and have impaired success in academic achievement, career development, automobile driving, and interpersonal relationships. Studies of biological features support a genetic etiology for the disorder with associated neuropsychological deficits and catecholaminergic dysregulation. Emerging treatment strategies include structured psychotherapies, stimulant, and nonstimulant medications. ER  - 
Management of fatigue in patients with multiple sclerosis$$$ As long as no causal treatment is available for multiple sclerosis (MS), and as long as only some patients with MS respond to immunomodulators, symptomatic treatment is of paramount importance. Fatigue is the most common symptom of MS and is associated with a reduced quality of life. It is described as the worst symptom of their disease by 50-60% of patients. The first step in managing MS-related fatigue is identifying and eliminating any secondary causes. Primary fatigue syndrome can be alleviated with drug treatment in many cases. Modafinil has been shown to be effective in some studies, and amantadine is an alternative for patients who do not respond to or cannot tolerate modafinil. The nonpharmacological management of fatigue in MS includes inpatient rehabilitation and aerobic endurance exercise. This article describes the pathophysiology, diagnosis and treatment of MS-related fatigue - the most common symptom of MS. ER  - 
Dupuytren's disease on the radial aspect of the hand: Report on 135 hands in Japanese patients$$$ We studied 135 hands in 77 Japanese patients to assess the frequency of radial involvement and its association with recurrence and the Dupuytren's diathesis. The radial aspect of the hand was affected in 22% of the hands. Diseased cords were observed in ten patients who underwent surgery on the radial aspect of the hand. Longitudinal cords on the radial side of thenar eminence and distal transverse interdigital cords were common. The radial aspect of the hand was the most common site of disease extension, though recurrence never occurred after excision of a radial lesion. Ectopic lesions, bilateral hand involvement, and recurrence were significantly more frequent in patients with the radial side involvement. Thus the results of this study suggest that radial side disease is associated with the Dupuytren's diathesis and is a risk factor of recurrence. ER  - 
Intentional bupropion overdoses$$$ Bupropion is an antidepressant that has recently seen increased usage in smoking cessation. This increased usage, along with its potential for causing seizures, has renewed interest among clinicians about the effects of this drug. The purpose of this study is to describe the clinical course of intentional bupropion overdoses in adults and adolescents. This study is a retrospective review of intentional bupropion overdoses reported to regional poison centers over a 2-year period. Our review included 385 cases. Women accounted for 63% of cases and ages ranged from 12 to 57 years. Significant clinical effects were noted in 26% of cases. Seizures were reported in 11% of patients. Seizures occurred within 6 h in most patients. Other prominent effects included tachycardia, agitation, and hallucinations. In conclusion, after a bupropion overdose, patients frequently display agitation, tachycardia, hallucinations and seizures. Seizures commonly occur within 6 h of the ingestion. However, seizures may occur beyond this time frame, particularly if persistent tachycardia, agitation, or hallucinations are noted. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Comparative efficacy and safety of skeletal muscle relaxants for spasticity and musculoskeletal conditions: A systematic review$$$ Skeletal muscle relaxants are a heterogeneous group of medications used to treat two different types of underlying conditions: spasticity from upper motor neuron syndromes and muscular pain or spasms from peripheral musculoskeletal conditions. Although widely used for these indications, there appear to be gaps in our understanding of the comparative efficacy and safety of different skeletal muscle relaxants. This systematic review summarizes and assesses the evidence for the comparative efficacy and safety of skeletal muscle relaxants for spasticity and musculoskeletal conditions. Randomized trials (for comparative efficacy and adverse events) and observational studies (for adverse events only) that included oral medications classified as skeletal muscle relaxants by the FDA were sought using electronic databases, reference lists, and pharmaceutical company submissions. Searches were performed through January 2003. The validity of each included study was assessed using a data abstraction form and predefined criteria. An overall grade was allocated for the body of evidence for each key question. A total of 101 randomized trials were included in this review. No randomized trial was rated good quality, and there was little evidence of rigorous adverse event assessment in included trials or observational studies. There is fair evidence that baclofen, tizanidine, and dantrolene are effective compared to placebo in patients with spasticity (primarily multiple sclerosis). There is fair evidence that baclofen and tizanidine are roughly equivalent for efficacy in patients with spasticity, but insufficient evidence to determine the efficacy of dantrolene compared to baclofen or tizanidine. There is fair evidence that although the overall rate of adverse effects between tizanidine and baclofen is similar, tizanidine is associated with more dry mouth and baclofen with more weakness. There is fair evidence that cyclobenzaprine, carisoprodol, orphenadrine, and tizanidine are effective compared to placebo in patients with musculoskeletal conditions (primarily acute back or neck pain). Cyclobenzaprine has been evaluated in the most clinical trials and has consistently been found to be effective. There is very limited or inconsistent data regarding the effectiveness of metaxalone, methocarbamol, chlorzoxazone, baclofen, or dantrolene compared to placebo in patients with musculoskeletal conditions. There is insufficient evidence to determine the relative efficacy or safety of cyclobenzaprine, carisoprodol, orphenadrine, tizanidine, metaxalone, methocarbamol, and chlorzoxazone. Dantrolene, and to a lesser degree chlorzoxazone, have been associated with rare serious hepatotoxicity. © 2004 U.S. Cancer Pain Relief Committee. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetic profile of BIA 2-093, a novel putative antiepileptic, in a rising multiple-dose study in young healthy humans$$$ This was a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study to investigate rising oral doses of BIA 2-093 (S-(-)-10-acetoxy-10,11-dihydro-5H- dibenz/b,f/azepine-5-carboxamide), a putative new antiepileptic drug. Within each of 4 dosage groups of 8 healthy male adult subjects, 2 subjects were randomized to receive placebo, and the remaining 6 subjects were randomized to receive BIA 2-093 (200 mg bid, 400 mg qd, 800 mg qd, and 1200 mg qd) for 8 days. Concentrations of BIA 2-093 in plasma or urine were generally not measurable. Median maximum plasma concentrations of the major metabolite (licarbazepine, (±)-10,11-dihydro-10-hydroxy-5H-dibenz/b,f/azepine-5-carboxamide) were attained (tmax) at 2 to 3 h postdose; thereafter, plasma concentrations declined with a mean apparent terminal half-life of 9 to 13 h following repeated dosing. The extent of systemic exposure to licarbazepine increased in an approximately dose-proportional manner following single and repeated administration. Licarbazepine accumulated in plasma following repeated administration of BIA 2-093; the mean extent of accumulation (RO, calculated from AUC0-τ (day 8)/AUC0-τ (day 1)) was 3.0 after repeated, twice-daily dosing and 1.4 to 1.7 after once-daily dosing. Steady-state plasma licarbazepine concentrations were attained at 4 to 5 days of once- or twice-daily dosing, consistent with an effective half-life on the order of 20 to 24 h. The mean renal clearance of licarbazepine from plasma was approximately 20 to 30 mL/min, which is low compared with the glomerular filtration rate. The total amount of licarbazepine recovered in urine was approximately 20% within 12 h postdose and 40% within 24 h post-dose. All adverse events were mild in severity, except for 1 case of somnolence of moderate severity, which occurred in a subject receiving 1200 mg BIA 2-093. The incidence of adverse events was similar between all treatment groups, including placebo. There were no serious adverse events. In conclusion, BIA 2-093 was well tolerated and appeared to be rapidly and extensively metabolized to licarbazepine following single and repeated administration to healthy young subjects. ER  - 
Gender differences in the prescribing of antipsychotic drugs$$$ Objective: The aim of this article is to offer recommendations and rationale for gender-specific antipsychotic treatment. Method: The author summarizes reviews of recent literature in psychiatric clinical trials, pharmacology, drug safety, toxicology, obstetrics and gynecology, and pediatrics. Results: The pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of antipsychotic drugs differ in women and men and are influenced by gender-specific factors such as body build, diet, smoking, concurrent medication, exercise, substance use, and hormonal transitions. In general, and for some drugs in particular, women require lower doses in order to stay well. Because preliminary drug testing is not done in pregnant women, the issue of effective dosing during pregnancy is unstudied, and safety for fetuses and nursing infants may not become evident until a drug is widely used. Specific adverse effects on issues crucial to women (e.g., parenting) have not been well studied, but some side effects, such as weight gain, passivity, hypotension, and hyperprolactinemia, are reported to be particularly problematic for women. Some serious side effects are more often seen among women than among men. Conclusions: Optimal maintenance regimens of antipsychotics for women and men are not the same. ER  - 
Immunizations, neonatal jaundice, and animal-induced injuries$$$ Purpose of review: Published studies during the past year about three topics important to the pediatric clinician - immunizations, neonatal jaundice, and animal-induced injuries - are concisely reviewed. Recent findings: Recent updates regarding vaccines including the questionable link with autism, implementation of universal influenza vaccination for young children, the efficacy of pneumococcal vaccine against invasive disease, and new information on pertussis, varicella, hepatitis A, hepatitis B, measles, and rotavirus vaccination are discussed. No association between measles/mumps/rubella vaccine or thimerosal-containing pertussis vaccine and autism is evident. Universal influenza vaccination for children 6 to 23 months of age will be recommended for the 2004-2005 flu season, and this implementation should reduce significant school absenteeism as well as complications seen last year including encephalopathy, seizures, respiratory failure, and pneumonia. Pneumococcal vaccine significantly reduces rates of invasive pneumococcal vaccine in healthy and HIV-infected children, although it does not appear to greatly affect otitis media rates. A reduction in post-vaccine febrile seizures appears to be present since the introduction of acellular pertussis vaccine. Multiple outbreaks in varicella have been reported since the introduction of the varicella vaccine, and a booster vaccination may be necessary in the future. Methods for detecting and preventing severe neonatal hyperbilirubinemia are reviewed, as well as anticipated recommendations from the American Academy of Pediatrics for the detection and management of hyperbilirubinemia. High bilirubin levels in preterm infants may result in hearing dysfunction and developmental impairment. The American Academy of Pediatrics has recommended a higher level of monitoring for newborn jaundice and treatment of hyperbilirubinemia in an effort to prevent kernicterus and sequelae from elevated bilirubin levels, including post-discharge follow-up appointment by day 3 to 5 of age. Dog bites in children with resultant post-traumatic stress disorder, rabies, and salmonellosis from pet reptiles in the home are also addressed. Clinicians need to be aware of the risk for rabies bites, need to recognize that dog bites in children appear to cause post-traumatic stress disorder in more than half of cases, and need to know how to educate patients on how to prevent salmonellosis from pet reptiles and amphibians. Summary: Progress has been made in immunizations, especially immunization for influenza, pneumonia, and pertussis. It is recommended that monitoring for neonatal hyperbilirubinemia be more thorough to prevent the consequences of this condition. Rabies, post-traumatic stress disorder from dog bites, and salmonellosis associated with pet reptiles constitute an important area for patient education. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Neurodevelopmental pattern of succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency (γ-hydroxybutyric aciduria)$$$ Succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase (SSADH deficiency) (MIM 271980) is a defect in γ-aminobutyric acid catabolism, resulting in the accumulation of γ-hydroxybutyric acid (GHB) and causing neurological and cognitive disorders at varying severity. The non-specific nature and the difficulties in detection of urinary GHB explain why this disorders is largely underdiagnosed. Of 350 patients identified worldwide, to date only six adults with SSADH deficiency have been reported in the literature. Here we describe two additional cases in brothers up to ages 26 and 28 years. This retrospective report sheds light on the clinical features of SSADH deficiency in relation to the physiopathological involvement of GHB, and tries to identify the specific neurodevelopmental pattern of this learning disability.* Features of this are: early impaired psychomotor development with hypotonia and disturbanced in motor coordination; impaired development of language, mainly due to poor auditory perception; and seisures and psychotic features in late adolescence or adulthood. Moreover, narcolepsy-like symptoms could be a consistent feature of the disease. ER  - 
Nocturnal enuresis: Medical management$$$ Primary nocturnal enuresis is a common problem, the etiology of which appears to be multifactorial. Currently, the mainstays of medical therapy are DDAVP, imipramine, and oxybutynin. The authors' first-line medication is DDAVP based on its reasonable efficacy and low potential for serious adverse effects. Imipramine is not used as a first-line drug owing to its potentially serious side effect profile. Use of this medication is reserved for selected patients who fail other forms of drug therapy, in particular those who are older and who have significant issues with self-esteem because of their enuresis. In these cases, the authors use imipramine in conjunction with psychology consultation. Oxybutynin is reserved for patients who fail monotherapy. As has been reported previously, some patients benefit from combination therapy [69,74]. One must recognize the important role of combining pharmacotherapy with behavioral modifications and behavioral therapy in patients with enuresis. Use of these combined modalities is commonly employed in the authors' practice. ER  - 
Ropinirole decreases periodic leg movements and improves sleep parameters in patients with restless legs syndrome$$$ Study Objectives: Polysomnographic study evaluating the efficacy of ropinirole for the treatment of patients with restless legs syndrome (RLS) suffering from periodic leg movements in sleep (PLMS). Design: Double-blinded, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study. Setting: 15 tertiary referral centers in the USA. Participants: 65 patients with RLS and PLMS. Interventions: Ropinirole (0.25-4.0 mg per day) or placebo for 12 weeks. Measurements and Results: Data from 59 patients were included in the primary endpoint analysis. PLMS per hour decreased more with ropinirole (48.5 to 11.8), compared with placebo (35.7 to 34.2; adjusted treatment difference: -27.2; 95% confidence interval [CI]: -39.1.-15.4; P < .0001). Periodic limb movements with arousal per hour decreased from 7.0 to 2.5 with ropinirole but increased from 4.2 to 6.0 with placebo (adjusted treatment difference: -4.3, 95% CI: -7.6.-1.1; P = .0096). Periodic limb movements while awake per hour decreased from 56.5 to 23.6 with ropinirole but increased from 46.6 to 56.1 with placebo (adjusted treatment difference: -39.5; 95% CI: -56.9.-22.1; P < .0001). Ropinirole treatment significantly improved patients' ability to initiate sleep (P < .05) and the amount of Stage 2 sleep compared with placebo (P < .001). There were also non-significant trends toward increases in total sleep time and sleep efficiency. Sleep adequacy (measured on the subjective Medical Outcomes Study sleep scale) was significantly improved with ropinirole treatment (adjusted treatment difference: 12.1; 95% CI: 1.1,23.1; P = .0316). In contrast, the placebo group showed a greater increase in Stage 3/4 sleep (P < .01). No serious adverse events occurred in either group. Conclusions: Ropinirole is effective in the treatment of both the sleep and waking symptoms of RLS. ER  - 
Emerging experimental therapeutics for bipolar disorder: Insights from the molecular and cellular actions of current mood stabilizers$$$ Bipolar disorder afflicts approximately 1-3% of both men and women, and is coincident with major economic, societal, medical, and interpersonal consequences. Current mediations used for its treatment are associated with variable rates of efficacy and often intolerable side effects. While preclinical and clinical knowledge in the neurosciences has expanded at a tremendous rate, recent years have seen no major breakthroughs in the development of novel types of treatment for bipolar disorder. We review here approaches to develop novel treatments specifically for bipolar disorder. Deliberate (ie not by serendipity) treatments may come from one of two general mechanisms: (1) Understanding the mechanism of action of current medications and thereafter designing novel drugs that mimics these mechanism(s); (2) Basing medication development upon the hypothetical or proven underlying pathophysiology of bipolar disorder. In this review, we focus upon the first approach. Molecular and cellular targets of current mood stabilizers include lithium inhibitable enzymes where lithium competes for a magnesium binding site (inositol monophosphatase, inositol polyphosphate 1-phosphatase, glycogen synthase kinase-3 (GSK-3), fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase, bisphosphate nucleotidase, phosphoglucomutase), valproate inhibitable enzymes (succinate semi-aldehyde dehydrogenase, succinate semialdehyde reductase, histone deacetylase), targets of carbamazepine (sodium channels, adenosine receptors, adenylate cyclase), and signaling pathways regulated by multiple drugs of different classes (phosphoinositol/protein kinase C, cyclic AMP, arachidonic acid, neurotrophic pathways). While the task of developing novel medications for bipolar disorder is truly daunting, we are hopeful that understanding the mechanism of action of current mood stabilizers will ultimately lead clinical trials with more specific medications and thus better treatments those who suffer from this devastating illness. ER  - 
Anxiolytics, sedatives, and older patients$$$ Newer antidepressants, such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, and other dual-action compounds (eg, mirtazapine), are currently considered the first-line treatment for several anxiety disorders and mixed anxiety/depression syndromes in younger patients. Although anxiety syndromes as a group are the most common psychiatric conditions in late life, controlled trials of anxiolytics in older patients are relatively sparse. While the controlled trials of these newer agents in the elderly are expected to be conducted over the next decade, clinical experience of geriatric psychiatrists suggests similar efficacy of these compounds in late-life anxiety syndromes. Because of their favorable adverse-effect profiles, the newer antidepressants seem to be much better tolerated by older people than many of the anxiolytic medications used in the past. Short-acting benzodiazepines can be useful adjuncts or alternative treatment strategies in selected circumstances. ER  - 
On the risk for an increase of seizure activity in patients with therapy refractory epilepsy under medication with SSRI$$$ Because an increase of seizure activity is suspected patients with epilepsy and depression are rarely treated with an antidepressive drug. In this retrospective study we investigated whether there are hints for an increase of seizure activity in patients with epilepsy and depression when additionally treated with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (e.g. citalopram, sertraline). For this purpose seizure frequency and seizure severity, antiepileptic medication and duration of indoor treatment were analysed in 50 patients with epilepsy and depression. 14 patients were additionally treated with citalopram or sertraline. There were no significant differences in the parameters under concern between this group of patients and the 36 patients with epilepsy and depression, which were only treated with a change of antiepileptic drugs and a psychosocial therapy program. The increase in seizure activity in patients with epilepsy under additional treatment with citalopram or sertraline is obviously so small that it can not be documented statistically in small groups of patients. If depressive comorbidity in patients with epilepsy requires pharmacological treatment, the indication for antidepressive drug medication should not be delayed because an increase of seizure activity is suspected. ER  - 
Drug repositioning: Identifying and developing new uses for existing drugs$$$ Biopharmaceutical companies attempting to increase productivity through novel discovery technologies have fallen short of achieving the desired results. Repositioning existing drugs for new indications could deliver the productivity increases that the industry needs while shifting the locus of production to biotechnology companies. More and more companies are scanning the existing pharmacopoeia for repositioning candidates, and the number of repositioning success stories is increasing. ER  - 
Neurobiological differences on populational level$$$ At present, 13% of world population are suffering from neuropsychiatric disorders. Prevention and treatment of these pathological conditions are very important. New research strategies are needed for the creation of effective methods for controlling of neuropsychiatric disorders. International collaborative research projects within WHO's activities in psychopharmacology and biological psychiatry with the participation of 12 countries representing different world regions have been organized and successfully finalized. The author discusses some of these in the Festschrift for Dr. Corneille Radouco-Thomas. © 2004 Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Thalidomide in cancer medicine$$$ Thalidomide, an oral agent with antiangiogenic and immunomodulatory properties, is being investigated extensively in the management of advanced cancer. Multiple studies with large numbers of patients have confirmed that this drug has significant activity in multiple myeloma. Some patients with myelofibrosis or myeodysplatic syndromes may reduce their need for transfusions after thalidomide treatment. The activity of thalidomide in solid tumors is less prominent. Studies in Kaposi's sarcoma, malignant melanoma, renal cell carcinoma and prostate cancer appear more promising especially when thalidomide is combined with biological agents or with chemotherapy. Limited activity was demonstrated in patients with glioma, while thalidomide appears to be inactive in patients with head and neck cancer, breast or ovarian cancer. © 2004 European Society for Medical Oncology. ER  - 
Towards cannabis and cannabinoid treatment of multiple sclerosis$$$ Multiple sclerosis is a common human demyelinating disease of the central nervous system (CNS), and it is thought to involve autoimmune responses to CNS myelin antigens. Current symptomatic therapies for multiple sclerosis are in some cases ineffective and may have a high risk of serious side effects. This has led some multiple sclerosis patients to self-medicate with cannabis, which anecdotal evidence suggests may be beneficial in controlling symptoms such as spasticity, pain, tremor and bladder dysfunction. In support of these claims, results from experimental studies have suggested that cannabinoid-based treatments may be beneficial in a wide number of diseases. Furthermore, recent research in animal models of multiple sclerosis has demonstrated the efficacy of cannabinoids in controlling disease-induced symptoms such as spasticity and tremor, as well as in ameliorating the severity of clinical disease. However, these initially promising results have not yet been fully translated into the clinic. Although cannabinoid treatment of multiple sclerosis symptoms has been shown to be both well tolerated and effective in a number of subjective tests in several small-scale clinical trials, objective measures demonstrating the efficacy of cannabinoids are still lacking. Currently, a number of large-scale phase III clinical trials are under way to further elucidate the use of cannabinoids in the symptomatic treatment of multiple sclerosis. This review highlights the recent advances in our understanding of the endocannabinoid system, discusses both the experimental and clinical evidence for the use of cannabinoids to treat multiple sclerosis and explores possible future strategies of cannabinoid therapy in multiple sclerosis. © 2004 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The use of disease-modifying new drugs for multiple sclerosis treatment in private-sector health plans$$$ The aims of this study were to estimate the effects of demographics, location, severity of multiple sclerosis (MS), comorbidities, plan type, coinsurance levels, and time of entry into the sample on the use of disease-modifying agents. A retrospective analysis of medical claims data from 1996 through 2000 was conducted with a sample of MS patients covered by self-insured, employer-sponsored health plans. Proportional hazard analysis with the SAS procedure for proportional hazards regression was used to estimate the impact of the factors of interest on the use of disease-modifying agents. A simulation was conducted to assess the impact of changing drug copayments on the use of disease-modifying agents for MS. The sample included 1807 patients. Patients were followed for as long as possible, but most were observed for <3 years; the mean (SD) follow-up time was 972.88 (440.59) days. Most factors associated with the use of disease-modifying agents were immutable. They included the following: high severity of illness (only marginally related; P = NS); history of seizures (P = 0.03), depression (P < 0.01), or heart disease (P = 0.01); census region of location (P < 0.01); union membership or association with a union member (P < 0.01); drug copayment requirements (P < 0.05); and year of entry into the sample (P < 0.01). In the simulation, a 50% reduction in drug copayments was associated with an increase of the proportion of patients treated with disease-modifying drugs from 41.2% to 54.7%. Patients' and physicians' preferences for treatment could not be measured directly. The true onset of MS may be unknown for many patients, but this would be the case even if medical records or other data were used for this study. Our analyses showed an association between copayments and the use of disease-modifying drugs for MS. Insurance policies can be tailored to influence the use of disease-modifying drugs, enhancing the quality of care for MS patients and reducing price-related barriers to beneficial treatment. Future research should test whether reducing copayments for MS treatment would reduce the use of other health care services (via better MS treatment that modifies the course of illness), or whether the use of disease-modifying drugs would increase total costs to the plan, resulting in slightly higher premiums. Copyright © 2004 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Anxiety, depression, and psychosis in Parkinson's disease: Unmet needs and treatment challenges$$$ Anxiety, depression, hallucinations, and psychosis are prevalent nonmotor features in patients who have PD, and should be considered areas for significant therapeutic intervention. These affective and behavioral disorders contribute to the functional morbidity of PD, and are correlated with poor health-related quality of life and caregiver distress. Despite the high prevalence of anxiety and depression in PD, these conditions remain unrecognized and untreated in a large proportion of patients who have PD. Additionally, clinical research on the efficacy and safety of anxiolytics and antidepressants in patients who have PD is limited and constitutes a significant unmet need. Currently, clinicians are precluded from synthesizing firm conclusions about the efficacy and safety of anxiolytics and antidepressants and must rely on empiric assessments of known risks and putative benefits to guide treatment decisions. In contrast, several RCTs have evaluated the efficacy and safety of atypical antipsychotics for the management of hallucinations and psychosis in PD, and sufficient clinical data are available to establish clozapine and quetiapine as the agents of choice. ER  - 
Arsenic trioxide. Acute promyelocytic leukaemia: Encouraging results but persistent doubts$$$ • Acute promyelocytic leukaemia is a rare disease. There is a high remission rate after combination treatment with tretinoin and anthracycline, but there is no established treatment for refractory or relapsed disease. Further treatment with tretinoin, combined with intensive cytotoxic chemotherapy, seems to give the best results in patients who qualify for this treatment, but assessment is limited. • Arsenic trioxide has now been approved for induction of remission and consolidation in patients with refractory or relapsed acute promyelocytic leukaemia. • The clinical evaluation dossier that supported the application contains data from two non comparative trials including 12 and 40 patients. A complete haematological response was obtained in 45 (87%) of the 52 patients, and the survival rate among patients in first relapse wa 77% after a median follow-up of two years. These results are similar to those previously obtained with tretinoin plus intensive cytotoxic chemotherapy. • All the patients treated with arsenic trioxide experienced adverse events. This was to be expected given the acute and chronic toxicity of arsenicals. Most events included fatigue, gastrointestinal disturbances, peripheral neuropathies, prolongation of the QT interval; and biochemical disturbances (hypokalaemia, hyperglycaemia, elevated transaminase activity). • Like tretinoin, arsenic trioxide can provoke a potentially severe leukocyte activation syndrome. • In practice, these encourging data justify further assessment of arsenic trioxide. This drug is already an option for patients with refractory of relapsed disease who cannot receive tretinoin plus intensive chemotherapy. ER  - 
Assessing harmful effects in systematic reviews$$$ Background: Balanced decisions about health care interventions require reliable evidence on harms as well as benefits. Most systematic reviews focus on efficacy and randomised trials, for which the methodology is well established. Methods to systematically review harmful effects are less well developed and there are few sources of guidance for researchers. We present our own recent experience of conducting systematic reviews of harmful effects and make suggestions for future practice and further research. Methods: We described and compared the methods used in three systematic reviews. Our evaluation focused on the review question, study designs and quality assessment. Results: One review question focused on providing information on specific harmful effects to furnish an economic model, the other two addressed much broader questions. All three reviews included randomised and observational data, although each defined the inclusion criteria differently. Standard methods were used to assess study quality. Various practical problems were encountered in applying the study design inclusion criteria and assessing quality, mainly because of poor study design, inadequate reporting and the limitations of existing tools. All three reviews generated a large volume of work that did not yield much useful information for health care decision makers. The key areas for improvement we identified were focusing the review question and developing methods for quality assessment of studies of harmful effects. Conclusions: Systematic reviews of harmful effects are more likely to yield information pertinent to clinical decision-making if they address a focused question. This will enable clear decisions to be made about the type of research to include in the review. The methodology for assessing the quality of harmful effects data in systematic reviews requires further development. ER  - 
Atypical antipsychotics as first-line treatments for schizophrenia: Advantages for stakeholders in the UK healthcare system$$$ The poor efficacy and tolerability of conventional antipsychotic treatment in schizophrenia, together with discovery of the 'atypical' antipsychotic clozapine, led to the development of several other atypical antipsychotic drugs. Those now available manifest clinically relevant differences in symptom efficacy and adverse effects, and most evidence supports their superior efficacy and tolerability compared with conventional treatment. Alongside these novel drugs have arrived concerns regarding new adverse effects, instead of the extrapyramidal phenomena which were one of the main drawbacks of conventional antipsychotics. These adverse effects comprise weight gain, diabetes mellitus and QTc interval prolongation. Overall, however, there is no evidence that atypical antipsychotics are more problematic than conventional antipsychotics, as there are marked differences between individual drugs in both classes. Current guidelines recommend the use of atypical antipsychotics as first-line treatments in a wide range of patients with schizophrenia, despite significant caveats regarding the quality of evidence to support use of these drugs in general. Advantages claimed over conventional antipsychotics are greater cost effectiveness, superior relapse prevention and possible benefits regarding quality of life and the natural course of schizophrenia. These advantages, if valid, will benefit stakeholders, whether they are consumers or providers of mental healthcare. However, major discrepancies remain between guidelines for first-line use and current practice. Poor take-up of atypical treatment and off-license use of both conventional and atypical drugs, particularly in primary care, are substantial problems that remain unaddressed. If guidance on first-line atypical therapy for schizophrenia is to be followed, processes such as audit must be applied widely to facilitate implementation of best-practice guidelines. Only then will the supposed benefits of first-line use be verified, or otherwise. ER  - 
Drug therapy in schizophrenia$$$ Over 40 different antipsychotic medications have been introduced around the world. 21 of which are available in the United States. The conventional antipsychotic drugs introduced in late 50s have two major groups of disadvantages, efficacy and safety. All of the atypical antipsychotic agents have higher 5-HT2 blocking than D2 blocking. Atypical antipsychotic agents differ in their receptor action and side effect profile. Among them, clozapine has superior efficacy, and both clozapine and olanzapine have a higher propensity to cause weight gain and possibly diabetes. Quetiapine is difficult to use in acute psychotic states as a result of titration. Ziprasidone and aripiprazole are less sedating, and diabetes as well as weight gain have not been reported with their use. In an acute setting, antipsychotic monotherapy in therapeutic doses is the most useful. AAP drugs are preferred because of the lack of acute EPS symptoms. Intramuscular preparations of haloperidol and ziprasidone are sometimes required to treat acute patients. The goal in acute treatment is to prevent harm to self or others by decreasing excitatory symptoms. Continuing the antipsychotic medication treatment after the acute symptoms are controlled reduces the likelihood of a relapse. The neuroleptic medication should be continued indefinitely. The minimum amount antipsychotic drugs necessary to prevent a relapse should be used, based on clinical decision. © 2004 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical utilization of atypical antipsychotics in pregnancy and lactation$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyze the available literature regarding the safety of atypical antipsychotics in pregnancy and lactation in order to recommend evidence-based strategies for pharmacologic management of psychosis in these conditions. DATA SOURCES: We summarized the results from articles identified via MEDLINE/PubMed/TOXNET (1993-January 31, 2004), using the key terms pregnancy, lactation, breast-feeding, human milk, psychotropic drugs, atypical antipsychotics, olanzapine, quetiapine, risperidone, clozapine, ziprasidone, and aripiprazole. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Retrospective studies, clinical observations, and case reports regarding the 6 atypical antipsychotics mentioned above were selected and analyzed. Extensive manual review of pertinent journals and textbooks was also performed. DATA SYNTHESIS: Reviewed studies show that olanzapine and clozapine apparently do not increase the teratogenic risk if administered to pregnant women, while evidence on quetiapine, risperidone, aripiprazole, and ziprasidone is still limited. In contrast, available information is not able to exclude unwanted serious effects associated with the use of all atypical antipsychotics on mother-infant dyads. Furthermore, more than a few studies suggest increased hyperglycemic risk for pregnant women related to atypical antipsychotic therapy during gestation. Finally, published evidence about the effects on long-term infant neurodevelopment of drug exposure through both placenta and breast milk is represented only by sporadic case reports. CONCLUSIONS: It is well known that potential consequences of an untreated psychotic episode may be severe and may lead to the mother attempting suicide and/or infanticide. For these reasons, clinicians need to help mothers weigh both fetal and neonatal risks of exposure to drugs against the potential risk they and their infant may incur if the psychiatric illness is not treated. On the other hand, atypical antipsychotics in pregnancy and breast-feeding do not show evident advantages in safety when compared with typical neuroleptic agents. Therefore, we suggest that the most relevant parameters for selecting the best clinical option for pregnant and breast-feeding women with schizophrenia and related disorders remain strongly related to 3 main points: (1) cautious evaluation of the risk/benefit ratio of fetal and neonatal drug exposure, (2) degree of severity of maternal psychiatric illness, and (3) careful preliminary choice of drugs characterized by a balanced safety/efficacy profile. ER  - 
The interface between publicly funded and industry-funded research in pediatric psychopharmacology: Opportunities for integration and collaboration$$$ Pediatric psychopharmacology research is undergoing a major expansion consequent to increasing use of psychotropic medications in children and recent legislative incentives to industry. In this rapidly changing context, the interface between publicly and privately funded research needs to be reconsidered to integrate activities and avoid unnecessary duplication of efforts. Once, by default, the almost exclusive domain of public research, child research is now increasingly funded by industry. There are, however, important issues unlikely to be addressed through private funding for which public support is needed, such as direct comparisons between active medications, between pharmacological and psychosocial interventions, or between combined and single treatment modalities; development of effective treatment strategies for patients unresponsive to first-line treatments; development of better research methods to assess efficacy and safety; identification of moderators and mechanisms of treatment response; and impact of treatment on illness course and prognosis. Industry-sponsored research is limited by the restricted access to proprietary databases, which impedes independent analyses and meta-analyses. Translation of basic neuroscience discoveries into treatment applications for children with mental illness is a critical area of inquiry that can benefit from integration of efforts and collaborations among academia, government, and industry. ER  - 
Management of early-onset psychosis$$$ Purpose of review: Early-onset psychosis is a rare but devastating condition. This review examines the evidence on the management of early-onset schizophrenia. Recent findings: Schizophrenia has a worse prognosis when the onset is early. New scanning evidence suggests that structural brain changes are more profound if the illness strikes before adolescence. Genetic studies point to a higher rate of schizophrenic-spectrum disorders among the relatives of very early-onset cases. So far there has been little systematic research on the treatment of young people with schizophrenia. Extrapolating from the adult evidence there is intense interest in early intervention, including preventing the transition to psychosis by intervening with 'very high-risk' individuals. Summary: It is important for clinicians dealing with children and adolescents to be familiar with the management of early-onset schizophrenia. Study of the early-onset form of schizophrenia provides valuable insights for everyone interested in the condition. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Aggression and disruptive behavior disorders in children and adolescents$$$ Aggression is a common symptom of many psychiatric disorders including attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, oppositional defiant disorder, conduct disorder, Tourette's disorder, mood disorders (including bipolar disorder), substance-related disorders, alcohol-related disorders, mental retardation, pervasive developmental disorders, intermittent explosive disorder and personality disorders (particularly antisocial personality disorder). Many forms of organic brain disorders may present with aggressive behavior. Aggression Is common in some epileptic patients and some endocrinological diseases (e.g., diabetes and hyperthyroidism) may be associated with aggressive behavior. Physicians need to rule out many medical and psychiatric disorders before diagnosing aggressive behavior. A thorough diagnostic work up is the most important step in determining the nature of comorbid disorders associated with the behavioral problem. Structured interviews and rating scales completed by patients, parents, teachers and clinicians may aid the diagnosis and provide quantification for the change process related to treatment. The integration of medication, individual and family counseling, educational and psychosocial interventions including the school and community, may increase the effectiveness of interventions. Due to the common association of aggression and disruptive behaviors with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, psychostimulants including new generation long-acting medications and other nonstimulant medications are considered the drug of choice for managing aggressive behavior and disruptive behavior disorders. Severe aggressive behavior not responding to these medications may require the single or combined use of mood regulators including lithium and/or antispychotic medications. Drugs such as risperidone (Risperdal®, Janssen-Cilag) have documented effectiveness and safety in children and adolescents, and can be used in treatment. ER  - 
Pharmacological treatment strategies for schizophrenia$$$ The pharmacological choices for the treatment of schizophrenia have been greatly expanded with the availability of the atypical compounds clozapine (Clozaril®, Novartis), risperidone (Risperdal®, Janssen-Cilag), olanzapine, (Zyprexa®, Eli Lilly & Co.), quetiapine (Seroquel®, AstraZeneca), ziprasidone (Geodon®, Pfizer Inc.) and aripiprazole (Ability®, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd). In this article, the effects of the newer antipsychotics and their side effects are reviewed. Key issues in acute and maintenance treatment, often lifelong, will be reviewed. Side-effect management to ensure adherence to an optimal treatment regimen will be discussed. Coexisting syndromes must be treated in concordance with the patient's clinical presentation. For treatment-resistant patients, atypical compounds are generally more effective than their typical counterparts but medication augmentation strategies are frequently recommended. Finally, the results of recent meta-analyses comparing the effects of atypical versus typical compounds will be critically reviewed and remaining gaps in the current pharmacotherapy of schizophrenia will be explored. ER  - 
Propofol treatment of refractory status epilepticus: A study of 31 episodes$$$ Purpose: Refractory status epilepticus (RSE) is a critical medical condition with high mortality. Although propofol (PRO) is considered an alternative treatment to barbiturates for the management of RSE, only limited data are available. The aim of this study was to assess PRO effectiveness in patients with RSE. Methods: We retrospectively considered all consecutive patients with RSE admitted to the medical intensive care unit (ICU) between 1997 and 2002 treated with PRO for induction of EEG-monitored burst suppression. Subjects with anoxic encephalopathy showing pathological N20 on somatosensory evoked potentials were excluded. Results: We studied 31 RSE episodes in 27 adults (16 men, 11 women; median age, 41.5 years). All patients received PRO, and six also subsequently thiopental (THP). Clonazepam (CZP) was administered with PRO, and other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) concomitant with PRO and THP. RSE was successfully treated with PRO in 21 (67%) episodes and with THP after PRO in three (10%). Median PRO injection rate was 4.8 mg/kg/h (range, 2.1-13), median duration of PRO treatment was 3 days (range, 1-9), and median duration of ICU stay was 7 days (range, 2-42). In 24 episodes in which the patient survived, shivering after general anesthesia was seen in 10 episodes, transient dystonia and hyperlipemia in one each, and mild neuropsychological impairment in five. The seven deaths were not directly related to PRO use. Conclusions: PRO administered with CZP was effective in controlling most of RSE episodes, without major adverse effects. In this setting, PRO may therefore represent a valuable alternative to barbiturates. A randomized trial with these drug classes could definitively assess their respective role in RSE treatment. ER  - 
Selective histamine H3 receptor antagonists for treatment of cognitive deficiencies and other disorders of the central nervous system$$$ Evidence exists to implicate the monoamine histamine in the control of arousal and cognitive functions. Antagonists of H3 receptors are postsynaptic and presynaptic modulators of neural transmission in a variety of neuronal circuits relevant to cognition. Accumulating neuroanatomical, neurochemical, pharmacological, and behavioral data support the idea that H 3 receptor antagonists may function to improve cognitive performances in disease states (e.g., Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment states). Thus, H3 receptor antagonists have been shown to increase performance in attention and memory tests in nonhuman experiments and prevent the degradation in performances produced by scopolamine, MK-801, or age. In contrast, agonists of the H3 receptor generally produce cognitive impairing effects in animal models. The role of H3 receptors in these behavioral effects is substantiated by data indicating a central origin for their effects, the selectivity of some of the H3 receptor antagonists studied, and the pharmacological modification of effects of H3 receptor antagonists by selective H3 receptor agonists. Data and issues that challenge the potential role for H3 receptor antagonists in cognitive processes are also critically reviewed. H3 receptor antagonists may also have therapeutic value in the management of obesity, pain, sleep disorders, schizophrenia, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Parkinson disease: An update$$$ Background: Over the past decade, the treatment of Parkinson disease (PD) has undergone tremendous changes, New drugs have been introduced to manage the cardinal motor symptoms of PD, and other agents have been borrowed to treat the nonmotor manifestations of the illness. For neurologists faced with the task of treating PD patients, the available array of medications may be confusing and intimidating. Review Summary: In this review, I summarize the newest approved medications for the treatment of PD, including the new dopamine agonists and catechol-O-methyl-transferase inhibitors. I also describe agents that are used to treat common problems in PD patients, including hallucinations, orthostasis, nausea, erectile dysfunction, depression, and memory loss. Guidelines for handling common scenarios in PD patients will be illustrated by 10 case histories. Finally, the most promising PD drugs that are currently in development will be reviewed. Conclusions: Neurologists have a vast armamentarium to treat both motor and nonmotor manifestations of PD. Understanding this array allows the astute clinician to improve the lives of their patients with PD. ER  - 
The 56th annual meeting of the American Academy of Neurology$$$ Recent advances in the treatment of musician's dystonia, epilepsy, restless legs syndrome, Tourette syndrome, multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer's disease, and migraine are presented. ER  - 
Anticonvulsant drug or neuromodulator? The growing case for anticonvulsant uses beyond epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy drugs were often used for other disorders before their effectiveness in epilepsy was fully appreciated, and the efficacy of newer antiepileptic drugs for conditions other than epilepsy is now being studied. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Special populations: The management of seizures in HIV-positive patients$$$ An increasing percentage of patients with new-onset seizures are HIV positive. The evaluation and management is distinctly different from managing the non-HIV-infected patient. Clinicians must be familiar with comorbid infectious etiologies and the relative value of electroencephalogram, imaging, and serum and cerebrospinal fluid laboratory tests. Traditional antiepileptic drug (AED) therapies are contraindicated and may lead to increased HIV viral replication through either directed cellular mechanisms or interference with antiretroviral therapies. Newer AEDs have pharmacokinetic properties that make them reasonable choices, although none have been specifically studied for efficacy or safety in HIV. Lastly, optimal choice of an AED should reflect commonly encountered neurologic and psychiatric comorbidities. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
A strategy to decrease the use of risky drugs in the elderly$$$ Many medications that are safe in most patients pose serious risks in older patients, including functional decline, delirium, falls, and poorer outcomes. We describe our institution's program of " academic detailing," designed to reduce the use of three high-risk drugs in elderly patients. ER  - 
Effects of rivastigmine on behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia in Alzheimer's disease$$$ Background: The presence of certain behavioral and psychological symptoms (eg, paranoia, hallucinations, aggression, activity disturbances) in Alzheimer's disease (AD) may predict faster cognitive and functional decline; therefore, such symptoms represent an important treatment target. Behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD) may be caused at least in part by cholinergic deficits. Regulatory studies of rivastigmine in AD were not designed to evaluate effects on BPSD, but further investigation of rivastigmine in AD was prompted by later studies demonstrating behavioral benefits in other types of dementia. Objective: The primary aim of this article was to review available data on the behavioral benefits of rivastigmine in patients with AD. Methods: Relevant data were identified through a MEDLINE search for studies published in peer-reviewed journals through January 2004. The search terms were Alzheimer, behavior, psychosis, and rivastigmine. Data presented at international scientific congresses were also reviewed to ensure that the most recent data were considered. Results: A meta-analysis of three 6-month, placebo-controlled trials of rivastigmine in mild to moderate AD indicated that rivastigmine 6 to 12 mg/d may improve or prevent disruptive BPSD (P < 0.05 vs placebo). In patients with more advanced AD, 2 open-label studies of up to 12 months' duration found that improvements in BPSD were accompanied by a decrease in the use of psychotropic medications. Rivastigmine demonstrated behavioral benefits in patients with dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study (P<0.05). In open-label extension studies, rivastigmine provided sustained effects (up to 2 years) in patients with mild to moderate AD or DLB. Conclusions: The available dats suggest that rivastigmine may be a well-tolerated treatment option for improving or preventing psychotic and nonpsychotic symptoms associated with AD. Prospective, double-blind studies are needed to evaluate these preliminary findings. Copyright © 2004 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Peginterferon alfa-2a: A review of approved and investigational uses$$$ Background: In October 2002, the US Food and Drug Administration approved peginterferon alfa-2a for the management of chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. The addition of polyethylene glycol (PEG) moiety to the interferon (IFN) molecule results in a product with altered pharmacokinetic properties. Objective: The aim of this article is to review the pharmacology, medications interactions, adverse events (AEs), and approved or investigational uses of PEG-IFN alfa-2a for viral hepatitis and oncologic conditions. Methods: Relevant articles were identified through searches of MEDLINE (1980-July 2003) and EMBASE (1980-July 2003). Search terms included, but were not limited to, peginterferon alfa-2a, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, pharmacodynamics, and therapeutic use, as well as terms for specific dsease states and AEs. Further publications were identified from citations of resulting papers. Results: Pegylation of IFN alfa-2a results in major changes in the pharmacokinetics of the product. Absorption is prolonged and serum concentrations are sustained over the dosing regimen. PEG-IFN alfa-2a has been shown to be more effective with or without ribavirin (RBV), in the management of treatment-naive patients with chronic HCV infection, than unmodified IFN alfa-2a with or without RBV. Results in other disease states are still preliminary. AEs are similar, in incidence and severity, to those occurring with unmodified IFN. They include earlier hematologic symptoms and fewer influenza-like symptoms. Drug-drug interactions are the same as those occurring with the unmodified IFN product. Conclusions: The pharmacokinetic profile of IFN alfa-2a is improved by pegylation, which enables less frequent administration and results in improved efficacy with a similar side-effect profile. Combination of PEG-IFN alfa-2a with RBV is associated with a greater chance of achieving a sustained virologic response in treatment-naive patients with chronic HCV, compared with unmodified IFN alfa-2a/RBV combinations. Documentation of efficacy in other conditions awaits results of controlled clinical trials. Copyright © 2004 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Anticonvulsant drugs in the treatment of substance withdrawal$$$ Although detoxification cannot, in itself, be considered a treatment for addiction, it is one of the most pivotal phases. In order to facilitate entry into recovery and/or rehabilitation programs, a detoxification treatment has to be experienced as easy and safe by the patient. In consideration of the many inconveniences related to standard withdrawal treatments, there is an interest in developing alternative pharmacological strategies. The main rationales for using anticonvulsants in substance-abuse patients are their lack of addiction potential, evidence support a role of kindling mechanisms in withdrawal syndromes and their efficacy in comorbid psychiatric disorders. The available data currently support the utilization of carbamazepine as a treatment for detoxification from benzodiazepines, alcohol and opiates, and as a useful agent to reduce cocaine consumption. The use of valproate is well corroborated for alcohol detoxification and it seems to be a promising treatment for the reduction of cocaine use; however, it has been found to be ineffective against benzodiazepine withdrawal symptoms. Some preliminary data suggest that lamotrigine could be useful in opiate and cocaine dependence. Gabapentin shows potential as a treatment for cocaine dependence, and some case reports have stimulated interest in this agent for alcohol and benzodiazepine detoxification. Due to its particular pharmacological profile, topiramate is one of the most interesting newer anticonvulsants. It has been found to be efficacious in opiate and possibly benzodiazepine detoxification and also has theoretical potential as a preventive therapy. © 2004 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Differing psychotropic profiles of the anticonvulsants in bipolar and other psychiatric disorders$$$ Several compounds from the anticonvulsant category have played a major role in therapeutic approaches to bipolar illness, particularly carbamazepine, valproate, and lamotrigine. At the same time there is little evidence that covert seizures underlie the affective disorders, or that all anticonvulsants are effective acute antimanic or mood stabilizing agents. For example, recent FDA-approved anticonvulsants (gabapentin, the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) re-uptake inhibitor tiagabine, and topiramate) that exert major effects on GABAergic systems and increase brain GABA in patients as measured by magnetic resonance spectroscopy, do not appear to be effective acute antimanic agents based on controlled clinical trials or detailed open observations. This raises the question as to what mechanistic properties within the anticonvulsant class are associated with positive effects in bipolar illness; candidates include blockade of sodium channels and decreased release of glutamate, decreased calcium influx through the NMDA receptor, increases in potassium efflux, as well as a variety of aminergic effects and effects on gene expression. With the exception of lamotrigine, mood stabilizers (including lithium, valproate, and carbamazepine) appear to be better acute and prophylactic antimanics than antidepressants, and preliminary data suggest this for zonisamide as well. Some of the anticonvulsants appear useful in targeting a variety of other syndromes and ones that are often comorbid with bipolar illness, including anxiety disorders, substance abuse disorders, migraine, eating disorders, and obesity. Gabapentin is effective in panic anxiety and social phobia as well as chronic pain syndromes, whereas a large range of anticonvulsants may be useful in the treatment of sleep disorders and paroxysmal components of posttraumatic stress disorder. Recent data indicate that topiramate has the ability to reduce alcohol intake and craving in patients with primary alcoholism compared with placebo, and both topiramate and zonisamide share the positive side effect of inducing weight loss of a magnitude similar to that achieved with the FDA-approved weight-loss drug sibutramine. Thus, while there is an apparent absence of seizures in bipolar illness, and anticonvulsant efficacy is not sufficient for classifying the psychotropic properties of these agents, some of the mechanisms that are pertinent to inhibiting paroxysmal discharges in the epilepsies my also be pertinent to the wide range of primary or adjunctive uses of the anticonvulsants in a range of neuropsychiatric disorders. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Do epilepsy and psychiatric disorders share common pathogenic mechanisms? A look at depression and epilepsy$$$ For a long time, epilepsy has been considered a risk factor of depression as its prevalence is higher among patients with epilepsy than the general population. Recent studies, however, have demonstrated that patients with a history of depression are four to six times more likely to develop epilepsy than controls. This bi-directional interaction between depression and epilepsy coupled with the therapeutic effect of various antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) in epilepsy and mood disorders may suggest that common pathogenic mechanisms may be operant in both conditions. Decreased serotonergic (5HT) and noradrenergic (NE) functions have been identified as pivotal pathogenic mechanisms of depression and have been the bases for antidepressant pharmacological treatments. Disturbances of 5HT and NE functions have also been demonstrated in various experimental animal models of epilepsy. For example, two strains of genetic epilepsy prone rats (GEPR), GEPR-3 and GEPR-9 that serve as models of partial epilepsy have innate 5HT and NE pre and post-synaptic transmission deficits, which have been related to the predisposition to experience sound-induced seizures. GEPR-9 s rats have a more pronounced NE transmission deficit and exhibit more severe seizures than GEPR-3 rats. Increments of either NE and/or 5HT transmission can prevent seizure occurrence while reduction will have the opposite effect. Furthermore, the use of selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRI), and monoamino oxidase inhibitors (MAOI) have been found to exert anticonvulsant effects in genetically prone epilepsy mice, and baboons and in (non-genetically prone) cats, rabbits and rhesus monkeys. The involvement of common neuronantomical structures in depression and epilepsy further support the hypothesis that both disorders share common pathogenic mechanisms. While involvement of mesial temporal structures and limbic structures of the frontal lobe are rather common among patients with epilepsy and depression, non-epilepsy patients have been found to have atrophy of hippocampal formation, core nuclei of the amygdala, orbitofrontal cortex and cingulate gyrus. The anticonvulsant effect of some AEDs has been shown to be mediated, at least in part by 5HT and NE mechanisms. For example, carbamazepine increases synaptic secretion of 5HT and in GEPR its anticonvulsant protection can be blocked with 5HT depleting drugs. Similarly, destruction of noradrenergic and serotonergic neurons in the rat prevents or reduces significantly the anticonvulsant effect of the vagus nerve stimulator against electroshock or pentylenetetrazol induced seizures. Finally, data from recent studies suggest that the presence of psychiatric disease and in particular depression may be associated with a worse seizure control. In other words, depression could be a marker for 'bad epilepsy'. © 2004 Published by Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Convulsant and anticonvulsant properties of electroconvulsive therapy: Towards a focal form of brain stimulation$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy is the most rapidly acting and effective antidepressant treatment. For decades it was believed that the generalized seizure provided the necessary and sufficient conditions for efficacy, while the type and quantity of electricity determined the magnitude of cognitive effects. A series of randomized, double-masked trials at the New York State Psychiatric Institute has disproved this view. By systematically varying electrode placement, electrical dosage, and stimulus waveform, this work demonstrated that efficacy and cognitive effects are highly dependent on current paths and the current density within those paths. Specifically, antidepressant effects are contingent on the recruitment of a sufficiently large neuronal population in prefrontal cortex in seizure initiation. The anticonvulsant properties of ECT are reviewed and it is hypothesized that the magnitude of surround inhibition in a PFC network is the critical feature underlying these effects on efficacy. Given this localization, new forms of brain stimulation that elicit focal PFC seizures should have superior benefit/risk ratios. Magnetic seizure therapy has shown promise, but its development may be hindered by technical problems in delivering a sufficiently powerful stimulus. A new alternative, focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST), is described and early work with non-human primates indicate that FEAST achieves a degree of focality in seizure expression that is not possible with traditional ECT. © 2004 Published by Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Magnetic seizure therapy: Development of a novel intervention for treatment resistant depression$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective and most rapidly acting treatment for severe treatment resistant major depression, but its use is limited by its cognitive side effects. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a new form of convulsive therapy using high-dosage repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to induce focal cortical seizures under anesthesia. MST is under study as a means of reducing the side effects of ECT through the enhanced control over the sites of seizure initiation and topography of seizure propagation afforded by the relative focality of rTMS. This review traces the stages in the development of MST, from device development, to preclinical testing, to clinical trials. The results of a study on the comparative safety of chronic MST and electroconvulsive shock in non-human primates support the safety of both interventions, and indicate that the seizures induced by MST are more focal and have less impact on deeper brain structures. This non-human primate model and a controlled clinical trial in patients with major depression, suggest that MST may induce fewer side effects and less amnesia than ECT. Ongoing work will yield the first data on the antidepressant efficacy of MST. If ultimately shown to be effective, MST could represent a new, less invasive option for patients with severe treatment resistant depression or other disorders who would otherwise require ECT. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mechanisms of action of vagus nerve stimulation (VNS)$$$ In 1992, Dr Jake Zabara discovered in a canine model that repeated stimulation of the vagus nerve in the neck could stop seizures. Since that time, repeated stimulation of the vagus nerve has been FDA approved as an anticonvulsant. Zabara's work is built on a 50-year-old theme in the literature where scientists had sought to exploit the fact that the vagus nerve is composed of 80% afferent fibers. Thus vagus stimulation might potentially provide a 'window' into the brain. This manuscript reviews the basic science and brain imaging work done to date with VNS, attempting to understand how VNS affects the brain. This research is crucial to perfecting VNS as an anticonvulsant, and for determining other neuropsychiatric conditions that might be helped by VNS. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation as a potential option for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Despite the availability of numerous treatment options, many patients continue to suffer with chronic or recurrent major depression due to treatment non-response or intolerance. Several novel interventions for the treatment of mood disorders are under study, including vagus nerve stimulation (VNS). VNS involves intermittent electrical stimulation of the vagus nerve via the NeuroCybernetic Prosthesis system. This intervention has demonstrated acute and long-term safety and efficacy in the treatment of refractory epilepsy, and several lines of evidence suggest a role for VNS in the treatment of depression. Studies investigating the safety and efficacy of VNS in patients with treatment-resistant chronic or recurrent depression are currently underway, and results thus far are promising. This article provides an overview of VNS, including its current clinical uses, the rationale for studying VNS as a treatment for depression, current data regarding VNS in treatment-resistant depression, and suggestions for future directions of VNS in mood disorders. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Double-blind placebo controlled study of the effects of etomidate-alfentanil anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ The effect of etomidate and alfentanil on heart rate, systolic arterial pressure, diastolic arterial pressure, and mean arterial pressure was compared with etomidate and placebo during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). We also studied the influence of alfentanil on seizure duration using both the cuff method and 2-lead electroencephalographs on the prevention of myoclonus induction by etomidate, on duration of apnea and on postictal agitation after ECT. We enrolled 21 consecutive patients in a prospective placebo-controlled, within patient blocked randomized study. Alfentanil significantly reduced heart rate, diastolic arterial pressure, and mean arterial pressure both before and after the stimulus. The increase in these variables during the convulsion was not affected, compared with placebo. Alfentanil had no effect on seizure duration. However, apnea duration was prolonged during the alfentanil sessions as compared with placebo (73 seconds). Alfentanil did not significantly reduce the occurrence of myoclonus after etomidate as compared with placebo, nor did postictal agitation after ECT appear more often with alfentanil. Alfentanil could be useful to reduce tachycardia and hypertension during ECT in high-risk patients without effects on seizure duration. Alfentanil itself has no proconvulsive effect in combination with etomidate. ER  - 
Increasing the dosage of vincristine: A clinical and pharmacokinetic study of continuous-infusion vincristine in children with central nervous system tumors$$$ BACKGROUND. Vincristine (VCR) is widely used to treat patients with malignant disease; among the patients treated with VCR are children with brain tumors. In vitro studies have demonstrated that the cytotoxic activity of VCR is related to both extracellular concentration and duration of exposure. The attainment of higher plasma concentrations by injecting larger bolus doses of VCR has been limited by concerns about neurotoxicity. One possible alternative strategy for enhancing the antitumor efficacy of VCR involves prolonging the duration of in vivo exposure. Therefore, the authors explored the neurotoxicity and pharmacokinetics of VCR administered via a 96-hour continuous infusion after administration of a conventional bolus dose in a pediatric population. METHODS. The current study included 16 patients, 11 of whom were males. The median age of the study population was 4.8 years (range, 1.7-15.8 years). The diagnoses included intrinsic pontine glioma (n = 4), ependymoma (n = 5), astrocytoma (n = 3), medulloblastoma/primitive neuroectodermal tumor (PNET; n = 2), ganglioglioma (n = 1), and choroid plexus carcinoma (n = 1). Of the 16 patients, 5 were newly diagnosed, and the remaining 11 had disease recurrences, 8 of which arose after radiotherapy. Treatment included cyclophosphamide 65 mg/kg administered intravenously over 1 hour on Day 1, a bolus of VCR 1.5 mg/m2 administered intravenously on Day 2, and VCR 0.5 mg/m 2 per 24 hours administered via continuous intravenous infusion on Days 2-5. Thus, a total VCR dose of 3.5 mg/m2 was administered via infusion over 4 days. Fifteen patients received 2 courses of treatment at 21-28-day intervals, and a total of 31 treatment courses were administered. VCR concentrations in plasma samples were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS. Jaw pain, constipation, mild abdominal pain, and depressed reflexes were common. However, only 1 of 31 courses was associated with Grade III toxicity, and no Grade IV toxicity (e.g., cranial nerve palsy, ileus, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, seizures, hallucinations, etc.) was noted. The steady-state plasma concentration of VCR during continuous infusion ranged from 1 to 3 μg/L in all patients. Responses after 2 courses were evaluated in 14 of 16 patients. A complete response was noted in one patient (astrocytoma), a partial response in three patients (one each with astrocytoma, ependymoma, and PNET), stable disease in seven patients, and disease progression in three patients. CONCLUSIONS. Continuous infusion of VCR after a conventional bolus dose plus cyclophosphamide for children with tumors of the central nervous system did not result in significant neurotoxicity and appeared to be a safe strategy for achieving increased systemic exposure. © 2004 American Cancer Society. ER  - 
Treatment of anxiety and depression in transplant patients: Pharmacokinetic considerations$$$ Depressive and anxiety disorders appear during the transplant process due to psychological stressors, medications and physiological disturbances. Treatment is necessary to prevent impact on patient compliance, morbidity and mortality. Psychotropic medications provide an effective option, although most are only available as oral formulations. Because of this, they are more susceptible to alterations in pharmacokinetic behaviour arising from organ dysfunction in the pretransplant period. Kinetics are also an issue when considering potential drug-drug interactions before and after transplantation. Prior to transplant, organ dysfunction can change the pharmacokinetic behaviour of some psychotropic agents, requiring adjustment of dosage and schedules. Thoracic or abdominal organ failure may reduce drug absorption through disturbances in intestinal motility, perfusion and function. Cirrhotic patients experience increased drug bioavailability due to portosystemic shunting, and thus dosage is adjusted downward. In contrast, dosage needs to be raised when peripheral oedema expands the drug distribution volume for hydrophilic and protein-bound agents. Drug clearance for most psychotropic medications is dependent upon hepatic metabolism, which is often disrupted by endstage organ disease. Selection of drugs or their dosage may need to be adjusted to lower the risk of drug accumulation. Further adjustments in dosage may be called for when renal failure accompanies thoracic or abdominal organ failure, resulting in further impairment of clearance. Studies regarding the treatment of anxiety and depressive disorders in the medically ill are limited in number, but recommendations are possible by review of clinical and pharmacokinetic data. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are well tolerated and efficacious for depression, panic disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder. Adjustments in dosage are required when renal or hepatic impairment is present. Among them, citalopram and escitalopram appear to have the least risk of drug-drug interactions. Paroxetine has demonstrated evidence supporting its use with generalised anxiety disorder. Venlafaxine is an alternative option, beneficial in depression, post-traumatic stress and generalised anxiety disorders. Nefazodone may also be considered, but there is some risk of hepatotoxicity and interactions with immunosuppressant drugs. Mirtazapine still needs to be studied further in anxiety disorders, but can be helpful for depression accompanied by anorexia and insomnia. Bupropion is effective in the treatment of depression, but data are sparse about its use in anxiety disorders. Psychostimulants are a unique approach if rapid onset of antidepressant action is desired. Acute or short-term anxiolysis is obtained with benzodiazepines, and selection of particular agents entails consideration of distribution rate, half-life and metabolic route. ER  - 
The medical management of chronic pain$$$ Pain is defined by the International Association for Study of Pain as "an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage or described in terms of such damage." This article reviews the medical management of chronic pain. ER  - 
Range of neurologic disorders in patients with celiac disease$$$ Objective. During the past 2 decades, celiac disease (CD) has been recognized as a multisystem autoimmune disorder. A growing body of distinct neurologic conditions such as cerebellar ataxia, epilepsy, myoclonic ataxia, chronic neuropathies, and dementia have been reported, mainly in middle-aged adults. There still are insufficient data on the association of CD with various neurologic disorders in children, adolescents, and young adults, including more common and "soft" neurologic conditions, such as headache, learning disorders, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and tic disorders. The aim of the present study is to look for a broader spectrum of neurologic disorders in CD patients, most of them children or young adults. Methods. Patients with CD were asked to fill in a questionnaire regarding the presence of neurologic disorders or symptoms. Their medical charts were reviewed, and those who were reported as having neurologic manifestations underwent neurologic examination and brain imaging or electroencephalogram if required. Their neurologic data were compared with that of a control group matched for age and gender. Results. Patients with CD were more prone to develop neurologic disorders (51.4%) in comparison with control subjects (19.9%). These disorders include hypotonia, developmental delay, learning disorders and ADHD, headache, and cerebellar ataxia. Epileptic disorders were only marginally more common in CD. In contrast, no difference was found in the prevalence of tic disorders in both groups. Therapeutic benefit, with gluten-free diet, was demonstrated only in patients with transient infantile hypotonia and migraine headache. Conclusion. This study suggests that the variability of neurologic disorders that occur in CD is broader than previously reported and includes "softer" and more common neurologic disorders, such as chronic headache, developmental delay, hypotonia, and learning disorders or ADHD. Future longitudinal prospective studies might better define the full range of these neurologic disorders and their clinical response to a gluten-free diet. ER  - 
Cyclosporine, tacrolimus, and mycophenolate mofetil in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease$$$ Controlled trials have shown efficacy for intravenous cyclosporine in patients with severe ulcerative colitis, oral tacrolimus in patients with Crohn's disease complicated by draining perianal fistulas, and mycophenolate mofetil in patients with active Crohn's disease. Based on these controlled data, patients with IBD refractory to treatment with corticosteroids, azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine, methotrexate (Crohn's disease), and infliximab (Crohn's disease) may be treated with the second-line immunosuppressive agents cyclosporine, tacrolimus, and mycophenolate mofetil in selected circumstances (Table 5). ER  - 
New pharmacotheraphies for pediatric seizures$$$ General pediatricians should be aware of side-effect profiles of newer antiepileptic drugs and understand pharmacokinetic principles involved in their administration to assure proper dosing intervals are maintained. ER  - 
Melatonin in the treatment of insomnia in children and adolescents$$$ Aims and Method. To review the efficacy and safety of melatonin in the treatment of insomnia in children and adolescents, through a Medline search covering the years 1966 to November 2003. Results. Five placebo-controlled studies and several case series were identified. Melatonin reduces sleep latency, but does not consistently improve other aspects of sleep disturbance. Safety, particularly in the medium- and long-term, is poorly evaluated; short-term concerns include exacerbation of epilepsy and asthma. Clinical implications. Melatonin might be effective in the short-term treatment of sleep onset insomnia.The optimal dose is unknown. It cannot currently be recommended for the treatment of other forms of sleep disturbance or for routine long-term use. Melatonin is not a licensed medicine in the UK. ER  - 
157th Annual Meeting of the American Psychiatric Association: Psychotherapy and psychopharmacology. Dissolving the mind-brain barrier$$$ More than 26,000 interested professionals attended the 157th annual meeting of the American Psychiatric Association in New York from May 1-6, 2004. Sessions were held at three different venues in the city. Topics included advances in drug research, mental health, personality disorders, suicide, aging, anxiety, and depression. ER  - 
Randomized, controlled clinical trial of zonisamide as adjunctive treatment for refractory partial seizures$$$ Purpose: This study was designed to evaluate efficacy and safety of zonisamide (ZNS) as adjunctive treatment for patients with refractory partial seizures. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted at four epilepsy treatment centers. It included a baseline phase (8 to 12 weeks) and a double-blind treatment phase (12 weeks). Initially, patients randomized to ZNS treatment were given a 7-mg/kg/d dosage. When investigators found that adverse effects could be reduced by gradually introducing ZNS, patients were allowed to begin treatment at lower doses (100 mg or ∼1.5 mg/kg/d) titrated over several weeks to a maximum of 400 to 600 mg/d. Primary and secondary efficacy measures were the median percentage reduction from baseline in seizure frequency and the proportion of patients achieving a ≥50% reduction from baseline (responder rate). Patient and physician global assessments also served as indicators of efficacy. Safety was assessed primarily by treatment-emergent adverse events. Results: ZNS-treated patients had a 28.9% reduction in seizure frequency, which differed significantly from the 4.7% increase in placebo-treated patients. The responder rate for ZNS-treated patients was 26.9%, compared with 16.2% for placebo-treated patients. At study's end, 66.2% of ZNS-treated patients and 12.3% of placebo-treated patients considered their condition improved; similarly, physicians assessed 63.6% of ZNS-treated patients and 10.8% of placebo-treated patients as improved. The most frequently reported adverse events with ZNS treatment included somnolence, irritability, dizziness, nausea, and fatigue. Conclusions: As adjunctive treatment, ZNS was generally well tolerated and significantly improved seizure control among patients with refractory partial seizures. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs: Indications other than epilepsy$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are increasingly used for the treatment of several non-epileptic neurological conditions and psychiatric disorders. Most of the information available on the use of these agents in clinical disorders outside epilepsy is from case series, uncontrolled studies or small randomised clinical trials, and their apparent efficacy requires confirmation through well designed, large, phase III trials. With regard to neurological conditions other than epilepsy, experimental evidence for the efficacy of AEDs is only available for the treatment of patients with trigeminal neuralgia, neuropathic pain syndromes, migraine and essential tremor. Carbamazepine is commonly prescribed as first-line therapy for patients with trigeminal neuralgia. Gabapentin has been recently marketed for the management of neuropathic pain syndromes, particularly diabetic neuropathy and postherpetic neuralgia. Valproic acid (sodium valproate), in the form of divalproex sodium, is approved for migraine prophylaxis. Primidone can be considered a valuable option for the treatment of essential tremor. AEDs are also used to treat psychiatric conditions, in particular bipolar disorder. So far, the most commonly utilized AEDs in the treatment of this disorder have been carbamazepine and valproic acid, which have showed an antimanic efficacy and a probable long-term, mood-stabilizing effect in many bipolar patients, including those refractory or intolerant to lithium. The availability of a new generation of AEDs has broadened the therapeutic options in bipolar disorder. Lamotrigine, oxcarbazepine, gabapentin and topiramate appear to be promising in the treatment of refractory bipolar disorder, as a monotherapy as well as in combination with traditional mood stabilizers. In addition, newer AEDs appear to have a more favourable tolerability and drug interaction profile as compared to older compounds, so thus improving compliance to treatment. ER  - 
Practical approaches to polypharmacy in the long-term management of bipolar disorder$$$ Approximately two thirds of outpatients treated for bipolar illness in academic centers remain moderately symptomatic and impaired by their illness. They experience residual depressive symptoms 3 times more frequently than they experience manic symptoms. Treatment typically necessitates complex combination therapy, with the average regimen consisting of 3 or 4 medications. The literature provides little systematic guidance on how to choose and sequence these medications to achieve and sustain remission. Therefore, a series of preliminary approaches to the problem are offered. Use of several mood stabilizers in combination is often required, with the addition of atypical antipsychotics, second-generation antidepressants, anxiolytics, thyroid hormones, and a variety of other agents not uncommon. Factors that should be considered in the choice of agents to best target initial clinical presentation, residual symptoms, and comorbidities are discussed. The importance of side-effect tolerability is highlighted. Careful charting by the patient of mood, medications, and side effects experienced, and monitoring and acting on these by the treating physician, are critical to a successful long-term treatment outcome in patients with bipolar illness. ER  - 
Refractory inflammatory bowel disease$$$ Therapeutic options for refractory colonic inflammation in patients with ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease have recently been expanded with the introduction of biologic therapies. Intravenous corticosteroids and cylcosporine A remain the standard therapies for severe ulcerative colitis. Monoclonal antibodies directed at tumor necrosis factor-α have proven to be exceptionally efficacious in patients with severe or refractory Crohn's disease. Immunomodulatory therapy with azathioprine, 6-mercaptopurine, or methotrexate has demonstrated efficacy for maintenance of remission in patients with refractory ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. The use of experimental biologic agents may be considered for those patients who fail to respond to or remain dependent on corticosteroids. Surgical intervention still remains for patients with severe colitis who fail to respond to medical therapy or develop life-threatening complications such as perforation or toxic megacolon. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Psychotic symptoms in patients with medical disorders$$$ Psychotic symptoms frequently occur in patients with comorbid medical disorders and present a diagnostic and treatment challenge. They may be a part of an independent psychiatric illness associated with the underlying medical condition or induced by substance use or medications. The presence of psychotic symptoms can contribute to misdiagnosis or complicate the management of the comorbid medical illness. Psychiatrists must be familiar with the assessment and management of psychotic disorders in patients with comorbid medical disorders. Medications that may be used to treat psychosis include antipsychotic agents, benzodiazepines, or possibly certain anticonvulsants. Selecting the appropriate medication requires knowledge of the pharmacokinetics of different agents and their side effect profile. Understanding the neuropsychiatric effects of medications and drug-drug interactions may help in preventing psychotic symptoms. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Anticonvulsants in Migraine$$$ Migraine is a common, disabling disorder that often requires preventive treatment. The decision to treat migraine preventively generally is based on disability, problems with acute medicines, patient preference, risk of acute medication overuse, special circumstances, and concern that high migraine attack frequency may be a risk factor for chronic daily headache. Migraine and epilepsy are comorbid episodic central nervous system disorders that can have stereotyped symptoms with negative and positive phenomena. Controlled trials have demonstrated the efficacy of anticonvulsants in migraine prevention. Valproic acid, topiramate and, to a lesser extent, gabapentin, have demonstrated efficacy in randomized, placebo-controlled trials. Lamotrigine may be effective at controlling migraine aura, but has not demonstrated effectiveness at controlling migraine headache. Anticonvulsants are a useful option for the preventive treatment of migraine. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Newer hypnotic drugs for the short-term management of insomnia: A systematic review and economic evaluation$$$ Objectives: To assess the clinical and cost-effectiveness of zaleplon, zolpidem and zopiclone (Z-drugs) compared with benzodiazepines. Data sources: Electronic databases, reference lists of retrieved articles and pharmaceutical company submissions. Review methods: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared either benzodiazepines to the Z-drugs or any two of the non-benzodiazepine drugs in patients with insomnia were included in the review. Data on the following outcome measures were considered: sleep onset latency, total sleep duration, number of awakenings, quality of sleep, adverse effects and rebound insomnia. A search was also undertaken for any study designs that evaluated issues related to adverse events (e.g. dependency and withdrawal symptoms). Full economic evaluations that compared two or more options and considered both costs and consequences including cost-effectiveness, cost-utility analysis or cost-benefit analysis undertaken in the context of high-quality RCTs were considered for inclusion in the review. Results: Twenty-four studies, involving a total study population of 3909 patients, met the inclusion criteria. These included 17 studies comparing a Z-drug with a benzodiazepine and seven comparing a Z-drug with another Z-drug. The diversity of possible comparisons and the range of outcome measures in the review may be confusing. Outcomes were rarely standardised and, even when reported, differed in interpretation. In addition, variations in assessment and variety in the level of information provided make study comparisons difficult. As a result, meta-analysis has been possible on only a small number of outcomes. However, some broad conclusions might be reached based on the limited data provided. The existing published economic literature in this area is very limited. No relevant economic evaluations were identified for inclusion in the review. The industry submissions did not include detailed evidence of cost-effectiveness. Given the lack of robust clinical evidence, no economic model describing the costs and benefits of the newer hypnotic drugs for insomnia was developed. The systematic review provided in this report suggests that an agnostic approach to cost-effectiveness is required at this stage. In the short-term, no systematic evidence is available concerning significant outcome variations between either the different classes of drugs or between individual drugs within each class. Within this short-term horizon, the one element that does vary significantly is the acquisition cost of the individual drugs. Conclusions: The short-acting drugs seem equally effective and safe with minor differences that may lead a prescriber to favour one over another in different patients. There is no evidence that one is more cost-effective than any other. Analysis of the additional costs to the NHS, depending on the rate of change from benzodiazepine prescriptions to Z-drug prescriptions, at current levels of hypnotic prescribing, range from £2 million to £17 million per year. There are clear research needs in this area; in particular, none of the existing trials adequately compare these medications. It is suggested that further consideration should be given to a formal trial to allow head-to-head comparison of some of the key drugs in a double-blind RCT lasting at least 2 weeks, and of sufficient size to draw reasonable conclusions. We would also recommend that any such trial should include a placebo arm. It should also collect good-quality data around sleep outcomes and in particular quality of life and daytime drowsiness. We do not believe that any formal study of risk of dependency is feasible at present. Finally, the management of long-term insomnia is suggested for further investigation: considering the frequency of this symptom and its recurring course, the short-term trial of medication and lack of long-term follow-up undermine attempts to develop evidence-based guidelines for the use of hypnotics in this condition, or indeed for its whole management. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2004. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Guanfacine treatment of hyperactivity and inattention in pervasive developmental disorders: A retrospective analysis of 80 cases$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to retrospectively review a large sample of children and adolescents with pervasive developmental disorders (PDDs) treated with open-label guanfacine in order to gather preliminary data as to its effectiveness and safety. Method: Eighty (80) subjects with PDDs (10 females, 70 males) (mean ± SD age = 7.7 ± 3.5 years, range 3-18 years) were treated with guanfacine within an academic specialty clinic. Charts were reviewed to determine the response of specific target symptoms, including hyperactivity, inattention, and impulsivity. The relationship between treatment response and age, diagnosis, level of cognitive impairment, and symptom severity was determined. Adverse effects were also evaluated. Results: Guanfacine (mean daily dose = 2.6 ± 1.7 mg, range 0.25-9 mg; mean duration of treatment = 334 ± 374 days, range 7-1776 days) treatment was effective in 19 of 80 (23.8%) subjects. Subjects with PDD not otherwise specified (11 of 28 responders; 39.3%) and Asperger's disorder (2 of 6 responders; 33.3%) showed a greater rate of global response than those with autistic disorder (6 of 46 responders; 13.0%). There was a trend for subjects without comorbid mental retardation (9 of 24 subjects; 37.5%) to respond at a greater rate than those with mental retardation (10 of 56 subjects; 17.9%). Symptom improvement was seen in hyperactivity, inattention, insomnia, and tics. Guanfacine was well tolerated, and did not lead to significant changes in blood pressure or heart rate. Conclusions: Guanfacine may have a role in the treatment of hyperactivity and inattention occurring in some persons with PDDs. Further studies are needed to determine its efficacy in this population. ER  - 
No seizure exacerbation from risperidone in youth with comorbid epilepsy and psychiatric disorders: A case series$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to study risperidone use in pediatric patients with comorbid epilepsy and psychiatric disorders. Method: We retrospectively reviewed the outpatient psychopharmacology medical records of patients with epilepsy, aged 19 and younger, who received risperidone for psychiatric disorders. Results: Twenty-one (21) youths (mean age, 12.0 ± 4.2 years) met our criteria for review. Mean risperidone dosage was 2.4 ± 3.5 mg/day. Target symptoms included severe aggression, severe agitation, psychosis, and self-injurious behavior. Diagnoses included attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), learning disorder, and impulse control disorder. Seizure type was partial complex in 12 patients, generalized in 6 patients, neonatal in 1 patient, myoclonic in 1 patient, and unclassified in 1 patient. The average number of previous psychotropic trials was 3.5 ± 3.0. Using a definition of response of a Clinical Global Impressions (CGI) improvement score of 2 or less, 15 patients (71%) were considered responders. Adverse effects were none to slight in 16 patients, moderate in 4 patients, and severe in 1 patient. Seizures did not worsen in any patient. Conclusions: Risperidone was associated with a clinically significant global improvement, without seizure exacerbation in youths with epilepsy and psychiatric disorders. Despite the limitations of the study design, the 71% responder rate is noteworthy in this treatment-refractory group. ER  - 
Treatment of depression in Parkinson's disease$$$ Depression is an important and common nonmotor feature of Parkinson's disease (PD) that is associated with significant disability and a negative impact on quality of life. The physician should remain vigilant for symptoms of depression as they may be mistaken for the progression of Parkinson's disease itself. Transient dysphoria that occurs during 'off' periods in fluctuating PD patients must be distinguished from true depression. Antidepressant therapy should be instituted if depression is interfering with the patient's daily function. The use of serotonin reuptake inhibitors and tricyclic antidepressants in the treatment of depression in PD is widespread in clinical practice. Dopamine agonists may be effective in the treatment of milder depression as well. Individual or family counseling may be helpful. In patients with severe depression who are refractory to antidepressant medications, a series of electroconvulsive treatments can be lifesaving. Nonconventional therapies such as transcranial magnetic stimulation are being investigated. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
What is the effect of systemic anticancer treatment on cognitive function?$$$ Treatment regimens for solid tumours have been extensively investigated for their physical toxic effects, but far less is known about the potential impairment of cognitive function by anticancer treatment regimens. Here, we review published studies that examined cognitive function in adult patients receiving systemic therapy for solid tumours. Our review suggests that patients can experience cognitive changes related to their treatment. However, several studies had methodological limitations, such as use of a limited sample size, lack of baseline assessment, and lack of control for potential confounding factors. Better designed clinical trials are required so that the difficulties patients face in terms of reduced cognitive function as a result of anticancer treatment can be fully elucidated. These trials should have sufficient statistical power and, importantly, should also be prospective. ER  - 
Efficacy and Tolerability of the New Antiepileptic Drugs, II: Treatment of Refractory Epilepsy: Report of the TTA and QSS Subcommittees of the American Academy of Neurology and the American Epilepsy Society$$$ Purpose: To assess the evidence demonstrating efficacy, tolerability, and safety of seven new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) [gabapentin (GBP), lamotrigine (LTG), topiramate (TPM), tiagabine (TGB), oxcarbazepine (OXC), levetiracetam (LEV), and zonisamide (ZNS)] in the treatment of children and adults with refractory partial and generalized epilepsies. Methods: A 23-member committee, including general neurologists, pediatric neurologists, epileptologists, and doctors in pharmacy, evaluated the available evidence based on a structured literature review including MEDLINE, Current Contents, and Cochrane Library for relevant articles from 1987 to March 2003. Results: All of the new AEDs were found to be appropriate for adjunctive treatment of refractory partial seizures in adults. GBP can be effective for the treatment of mixed seizure disorders, and GBP, LTG, OXC, and TPM for the treatment of refractory partial seizures in children. Limited evidence suggests that LTG and TPM also are effective for adjunctive treatment of idiopathic generalized epilepsy in adults and children, as well as treatment of the Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Conclusions: The choice of AED depends on seizure and/or syndrome type, patient age, concomitant medications, and AED tolerability, safety, and efficacy. The results of this evidence-based assessment provide guidelines for the prescription of AEDs for patients with refractory epilepsy and identify those seizure types and syndromes for which more evidence is necessary. ER  - 
Deep brain stimulation in the treatment of neurological and psychiatric disease$$$ Deep brain stimulation has become a topic of intense interest both from a clinical and basic science perspective. Its indications, currently including Parkinson's disease, tremor and dystonia, may expand in the future to include not only other movement disorders but also epilepsy, obsessive-compulsive disorder and other neuropsychiatric conditions. The mechanism(s) of action of deep brain stimulation have only recently begun to be characterized and have already yielded surprises that may open the door to a greater expansion of the indications for this novel and powerful therapeutic intervention. ER  - 
Current Concepts in Pharmacotherapy for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder$$$ Objective: This article describes current approaches to the pharmacologic treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and reviews the classes of pharmacologic agents used in the treatment of PTSD. Pharmacotherapy for PTSD that is comorbid with other psychiatric disorders is highlighted. Methods: The primary-source literature was reviewed by using a MEDLINE search. Secondary-source review articles and chapters were also used. Results from studies of the psychophysiology of PTSD are outlined in the review to help inform treatment choices. The review gives more consideration to controlled studies than to open clinical trials. Recommendations for treatment are evidence based. Results and discussion: A growing body of evidence demonstrates the efficacy of pharmacologic treatment for PTSD. The effectiveness of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors sertraline and paroxetine in large-scale, well-designed, placebo-controlled trials resulted in their being the first medications to receive approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of PTSD. Observation of psychophysiologic alterations associated with PTSD has led to the study of adrenergic-inhibiting agents and mood stabilizers as therapeutic agents. Controlled clinical trials with these classes of medication are needed to determine their efficacy for treating PTSD. Finally, the choice of medication for treating PTSD is often determined by the prominence of specific PTSD symptoms and the pattern of comorbid psychiatric conditions. ER  - 
Psychopharmacologic Treatment of Aggression in Children and Adolescents$$$ Knowledge regarding psychopharmacology is increasingly based on clinical trials and rational algorithms. Medications are increasingly regarded as useful adjuncts in the treatment of maladaptive aggression, whether it appears as a target symptom of as a complication of a whole range of psychopathology. Properly integrated into a treatment package that uses psychotherapies and environmental manipulation, medications can provide relief from one of the most destructive forms of psychopathology. Still, more controlled clinical trials are needed, especially those comparing active interventions and those testing the synergistic and antagonistic effects of different treatment modalities. ER  - 
Strategies for managing treatment-resistant schizophrenia$$$ About one third of patients with schizophrenia do not respond to first-generation, "typical"antipsychotic therapy but may respond to second-generation, "atypical" antipsychotics. Controlled randomized trials investigating the value of the newer atypical antipsychotics in patients resistant to typical agents are limited. However, the data from those few studies are proving useful in defining clinically relevant, patient-specific treatment protocols. ER  - 
Advances in pharmacotherapy for tobacco dependence$$$ The discovery that bupropion is an effective treatment for tobacco dependence has triggered a rapid increase in development of potential new non-nicotine pharmacotherapies, including bromocriptine, glucose, GTS-21, reboxetine, rimonabant, selegeline and varenicline. Successful new products will need to have excellent side-effect profiles in addition to proven efficacy. New faster delivery nicotine replacement products have the promise of addressing a broader list of indications, including treatment of nicotine withdrawal during temporary abstinence and long-term nicotine maintenance. Nicotine vaccines will need to demonstrate efficacy and also improve certain consumer acceptability characteristics (e.g., frequency of injections required) before they can become widely used and successful therapies. The best hope of improved treatment comes from combining existing and new pharmacotherapies with effective behavioural therapy. ER  - 
Resistance to antidepressant therapy. Definition, frequency, predictive factors, and medical strategies$$$ A major problem in the medical treatment of depression is that not all patients respond sufficiently to drug treatment. This applies particularly when the therapeutic aim is complete relief from symptoms, not merely response. This article presents an overview of the definitions and epidemiologic, predictive, and therapeutic aspects of the problem. ER  - 
The clinical and cost-effectiveness of anakinra for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in adults: A systematic review and economic analysis$$$ Objectives: To review the evidence of the clinical and cost-effectiveness of anakinra, an interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra), for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in adults. Data sources: Electronic bibliographic databases. Scrip, Food and Drug Administration (FDA) submissions for new drug applications, European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products (EMEA) reports and the pharmaceutical company submission to the National Institute for Clinical Excellence. Review methods: Studies were identified that included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or economic evaluations of anakinra in adult patients with RA. Existing health economic reviews were also assessed. Data were extracted and quality assessed using a structured approach. The Birmingham Rheumatoid Arthritis Model (BRAM) was used to compare disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD) sequences, chosen to reflect current clinical practice, with and without anakinra, at different points in the DMARD sequence. Results: Five high-quality RCTs of anakinra in adult patients with RA, involving a total of 2905 patients, of whom 2146 received anakinra, were identified. The results of the clinical trials were consistent with clinical benefit (compared with placebo) as measured by American College of Rheumatology (ACR) composite response rate at 6 months. Variation in response rate was seen across the trials, which is likely to be a reflection of the size of the trials and the wide range of doses evaluated. Consistent benefit was seen at the higher dose evaluated. Benefit was evident both with monotherapy and when used in combination with methotrexate. Data on the efficacy end-points evaluated in a large pragmatic safety study have not been made available, which is of concern. Anakinra treatment was associated with a high incidence of injection-site reactions. Serious adverse events were infrequent, but longer term follow-up is required. No fully published economic evaluations of anakinra in patients with RA were identified. The BRAM gives a base-case estimate of the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) of anakinra of £106,000 to £604,000/quality-adjusted life-year (QALY). In the sensitivity analyses substantial variations were made in key parameters and ICERs were shown to be responsive. However, ICERs did not drop below £50,000/QALY in any univariate sensitivity analysis. Conclusions: Anakinra can be considered modestly effective in the treatment of RA based on ACR response, although no conclusion can currently be made on the effect of treatment on disease progression. Adjusted indirect comparison suggests that anakinra may be significantly less effective at relieving the clinical signs and symptoms of RA, as measured by the ACR response criteria, than tumour necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitors all used in combination with methotrexate, although these results should be interpreted with caution. The BRAM produces an ICER for anakinra substantially higher than those for infliximab and etanercept. However, patients may respond to anakinra when they have not responded to other TNF inhibitors, as these agents have a different mechanism of action. Thus, anakinra may produce a clinically significant and important improvement in some patients that they could not otherwise have achieved. Further research would be valuable in the following areas: RCTs to evaluate the efficacy, safety and cost of anakinra over the longer term; comparative trials of anakinra with other DMARDs and biological modifiers; assessment of the role of anakinra in the treatment of patients who have failed to achieve a benefit while taking infliximab or etanercept; assessment on the impact of DMARDs and anakinra on joint replacement, mortality and quality of life; controlled clinical trials of combination therapy with two anticytokines; investigations into newer biological therapies; and the utility of radiographic outcomes in clinical trials of RA. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2004. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Citalopram as treatment of depression in patients with epilepsy$$$ Objectives: To assess the safety of citalopram as a treatment of depression in patients with epilepsy. Methods: This is an open, multicentered, uncontrolled study. Depressed epileptic patients on antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) took part in the study. Patients who had a mild frequency of seizures in the 4 previous months underwent treatment with citalopram (20 mg/d) for 4 consecutive months. A change in seizure frequency from the baseline was chosen as the primary measure for the safety of citalopram and efficacy against depressive symptoms was taken as secondary measure. Depression was rated using the Montgomery-Asberg and Zung depression rating scales. Clinical assessments were performed at baseline, and at 2 and 4 months of citalopram therapy. Results: Forty-five patients were enrolled. Six patients dropped out of the study early: none of them because of a deterioration of seizure frequency. An overall improvement in seizure frequency was observed in the 39 patients who completed the study. Plasma AED concentrations were unchanged during therapy, and depressive symptoms improved markedly. Twenty-two patients complained of adverse effects, mainly headache, nausea, dizziness, somnolence, and fatigue. Conclusions: In this open, multicentered, uncontrolled study, 4 months' of treatment with citalopram (20 mg/d) were associated with an improvement in depressive symptoms and reduction in seizure frequency. ER  - 
Management of hepatitis B in children$$$ Children with hepatitis B infection require management by physicians knowledgeable about the natural history of this disorder and experienced in the treatment of children. Selection of appropriate pediatric patients for treatment will prevent some cases of advanced liver disease later in life. New treatments under development for adults may benefit children as well, once they have been rigorously investigated in the pediatric population. Prevention of new HBV infections is an important part of management in children, and working with public health campaigns will hopefully reduce both vertical and horizontal transmission. ER  - 
Australian and New Zealand clinical practice guidelines for the treatment of bipolar disorder$$$ Background: The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists is co-ordinating the development of clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) in psychiatry, funded under the National Mental Health Strategy (Australia) and the New Zealand Health Funding Authority. Method: For these guidelines, the CPG team reviewed the treatment outcome literature (including meta-analyses) and consulted with practitioners and consumers. Treatment recommendations: This guideline provides evidence-based recommendations for the management of bipolar disorder by phase of illness, that is acute mania, mixed episodes and bipolar depression, and the prophylaxis of such episodes. It specifies the roles of various mood-stabilizing medications and of psychological treatments such as cognitive therapy and psycho-education. ER  - 
Multidisciplinary approach to childhood epilepsy: Exploring the scientific rationale and practical aspects of implementation$$$ The management of childhood epilepsy requires attention to more than seizure control because children with epilepsy often suffer from comorbidities that lead to an increased frequency of psychiatric disease, learning difficulties, and other problems of psychosocial development. These comorbidities can stem in part from the same genetic traits that determine seizure susceptibility. Thus, mutations affecting potassium, calcium, and sodium channels have been linked with epilepsy syndromes and affective and behavioral abnormalities. It is important to consider the effect of antiepilepsy drugs on comorbid conditions and the effect on seizures of drugs used to treat comorbidities. A number of antiepilepsy drugs are available that have minimal adverse cognitive effects, and some can have positive effects on mood and behavior. Epilepsy in a child is a condition that affects and is affected by the entire family situation. In addition to appropriate neuropsychologic evaluation, optimal management of childhood epilepsy also can require the involvement of the social worker, advanced practice nurse, and educational specialist. Many elements of the multidisciplinary team approach can be instituted by the child neurologist in community practice and at large, specialized epilepsy centers. ER  - 
Ten years of clinical experience with clozapine about 170 patients$$$ The authors describe a clinical trial of 170 patients who received Clozapine over a ten year period between September 1989 and September 1999. It is a retrospective study, describing individual responses. Each patient was his own control before and with treatment. The study also compared individuals within the group of patients whose treatment was stopped and those whose treatment was continuing at the time of the study. Data was collected by analysing all patients' records and by direct enquiry of prescribers. Diagnosis was according to DSM IV criteria. Assessment included: socio-epidemiological data (sexe, age, marital status and family situation, education, military and professional status, level of benefits and social support); data related to the illness (age of onset, age at first contact with a psychiatrist, diagnosis, level of hospital contact); data concerning prescriptions of drugs (indications, average dose, duration of treatment, side effects, reason for stopping and other drugs taken at the same time); 170 patients were prescribed Clozapine: 96 of them were continuing to take clozapine at the time of the study while 74 patients had stopped. The characteristics of the two groups are described. They show the severity of the illnesses concerned: early onset of illness and early psychiatric care, the absence in many patients of a partner or family, their low level of employment, high dependence on social assistance. Concerning diagnostic criteria, the range of diagnoses included mostly paranoid schizophrenia, then unclassified schizophrenia then schizoaffective disorders. The indication of Clozapine prescription was in the majority of the cases (87%) an inefficiency of classical neuroleptic therapy. The average dose was 401 mg per day: 388 mg for the group continuing treatment; 417 for the group which had stopped their treatment. For the patients who continued taking Clozapine, the average time of treatment was just over 4 years, with a maximum of 110 months. The tolerance of Clozapine was good, with 35% not suffering any side effects. Neutropenia was the commonest side effect (4.1% - a higher incidence than previously reported with one case only of agranulocytosis (0.59%). The other adverse effects were in accordance with known data: sedation affected 22.4% of patients; hypersalivation 13.5%; postural hypotension 7.6%; malocclusion 7.6%; weight gain (> 5 kg) 7.1%. Treatment was stopped for side effects in 17.1% of patients; for ineffectiveness in 14.7% and 3% of patients died during treatment (their death attributed to clozapine) from seizures, intestinal obstruction or agranulocytosis. Clozapine significantly reduced the need for other associated psychotropic drugs. 25.3% of all patients were on monotherapy when on clozapine compared with 6.5% before (31.2% compared with 3.1% for those patients continuing treatment). The need for supplementary medication to reduce side effects was much less. However 22% of patients taking clozapine at the time of the study are still on an anticholinergic drug. On the basis of the analysis of 5 successive terms of treatment lasting 12 months, we have shown that for each patient: Clozapine significantly reduces the length of hospitalisation compared with standard neuroleptics; it allows for out patient management and continuing integration in the community; the critical length of treatment for the group of patients studied with regard to the need for hospitalisation is 18 months. For patients whose treatment with Clozapine was stopped, we noted that with the continued input from the team of carers even after Clozapine was stopped, patients who had been seriously ill for long period of time continued to improve. ER  - 
Psychosis in Parkinson's disease$$$ Psychotic symptoms are common and can be a major therapeutic challenge in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). PD-related psychosis is usually characterized by visual hallucinations or delusions and is most often induced by antiparkinsonian medications. However, other medical conditions, psychoactive medications, sleep disturbances, mood disorders, and cognitive impairments are relevant risk factors. Patients with PD should be continually monitored for factors that can trigger the development of psychotic symptoms, including minor symptoms. This includes ongoing critical re-evaluation of the therapeutic regimen, with adjustments as indicated to optimized functions across motor, cognitive, and psychiatric domains. Treatment strategies to reduce psychotic symptoms are determinrd by the clinical picture. "Benign" symptoms may require only education and reassurance. Anti-psychotic medications are required for disabling symptoms and emergency hospitalization may be required for agitation that affects the safety of the patient or others. Medication management is often complex and includes elimination or reduction of antiparkinsonian agents (although this can compromise motor function) management of medical comorbidities, and use of atypical antipsychotic. Clozapine and quetiapine are regarded as the most safe and effective atypical neuroleptics in PD patients. Cholinesterase inhibitors can enhance cognition and may reduce psychotic symptoms. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Idiopathic generalized epilepsy$$$ Successful treatment of idiopathic generalized epilepsy begins with accurate seizure classification. Seizure types, such as absence, myoclonic, and primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures (PGTCS), often can be classified based on a detailed history and inter-ictal electroencephalogram (EEG). Ideally, patients can be classified into specific epilepsy syndromes, such as childhood absence epilepsy, juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME), or generalized tonic-clonic seizures on awakening. Idiopathic generalized epilepsy should be distinguished from focal epilepsy with rapid secondary generalization. If this distinction is not clear after history, physical examination, and routine interictal EEG, then ambulatory EEG, video EEG monitoring, or neuroimaging studies may be needed. Ethosuximide, valproate, or lamotrigine are all appropriate first-line choices in the treatment of childhood absence epilepsy. The specific medication should be chosen based on the side effect profiles, dosing formulations, and titration schedules of the medications. The available evidence best supports valproate as the first-line choice in the treatment of JME, although lamotrigine and topiramate may be appropriate choices in this setting. More data specific to JME are needed to clarify the role of medications such as levetiracetam and zonisamide in the treatment of JME. The available evidence to guide the treatment of PGTCS is limited, because most trials did not rigorously exclude patients with focal-epilepsy with rapid secondary generalization. Available evidence suggest that valproate is an appropriate first-line choice for PGTCE. Lamotrigine or topiramate also may be appropriate choices. More data are needed to clarify the role of levetiracetam and zonisamide in the treatment of PGCTS. If it is unclear whether a patient has idiopathic generalized epilepsy or focal epilepsy with secondary generalization, then a broad-spectrum anticonvulsant, including valproate, lamotrigine, or topiramate, should be considered. More data are needed to support the broad-spectrum efficacy of levetiracetam and zonisamide. Copyright © 2004 by current Science Inc. ER  - 
Single unprovoked seizures$$$ Unprovoked seizures are common, affecting approximately 4% of the population by age 80. Only approximately 30% to 40% of patients with a first seizure will have a second unprovoked seizure (ie, epilepsy). Treatment with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) should not be initiated unless the diagnosis of a seizure is firm. Decisions regarding treatment of single unprovoked seizure must balance seizure recurrence risk, the potential impact of a recurrent seizure, the likelihood of adverse effects of treatment, and patient preference. Risk factors for seizure recurrence include a history of remote neurologic insult, epileptiform abnormalities on electroencephalogram, focal structural lesion on neuroimaging, and family history of epilepsy. Adult patients with these risk factors have a recurrence risk of 60% to 70% and usually should be treated with an AED to prevent seizure recurrence. Without risk factors, the recurrence risk is 20% to 30% and treatment depends on individual risk-to-benefit ratios and patient preference. Treatment of a first unprovoked seizure if often not necessary in childhood, especially if the seizure is part of a benign self-limited syndrome, such as benign Rolandic epilepsy of childhood. Treatment with an AED reduces the risk of seizure recurrence after a single unprovoked seizure. This must be balanced against the risk of adverse effects of AEDs. Treatment of the first seizure does not appear to affect the long-term prognosis of epilepsy. The choice of an AED should be guided by the seizure type and likely epilepsy syndrome diagnosis. Monotheraphy is preferable. Standard AED options include phenytoin, carbamazepine, valproate, ad phenobarbital. The newer AED, including gabapentin, lamotrigine, topiramate, oxcarbozepine, levetiracetam, and zonisamide, have good efficacy, favorable pharmacokinetic profiles, and often fewer adverse effects, supporting their use early in treatment. Not all of the newer AEDs are approved for use as monotheraphy. Patients with single seizures should be counseled about seizure first aid and general safety measures, including precautions regarding swimming alone, engaging in high-risk activities, driving, possible seizure precipitation by photic stimuli (in generalized epilepsy), sleep deprivation, and alcohol. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
The genetics of autism.$$$ Autism is a complex, behaviorally defined, static disorder of the immature brain that is of great concern to the practicing pediatrician because of an astonishing 556% reported increase in pediatric prevalence between 1991 and 1997, to a prevalence higher than that of spina bifida, cancer, or Down syndrome. This jump is probably attributable to heightened awareness and changing diagnostic criteria rather than to new environmental influences. Autism is not a disease but a syndrome with multiple nongenetic and genetic causes. By autism (the autistic spectrum disorders [ASDs]), we mean the wide spectrum of developmental disorders characterized by impairments in 3 behavioral domains: 1) social interaction; 2) language, communication, and imaginative play; and 3) range of interests and activities. Autism corresponds in this article to pervasive developmental disorder (PDD) of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition and International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision. Except for Rett syndrome--attributable in most affected individuals to mutations of the methyl-CpG-binding protein 2 (MeCP2) gene--the other PDD subtypes (autistic disorder, Asperger disorder, disintegrative disorder, and PDD Not Otherwise Specified [PDD-NOS]) are not linked to any particular genetic or nongenetic cause. Review of 2 major textbooks on autism and of papers published between 1961 and 2003 yields convincing evidence for multiple interacting genetic factors as the main causative determinants of autism. Epidemiologic studies indicate that environmental factors such as toxic exposures, teratogens, perinatal insults, and prenatal infections such as rubella and cytomegalovirus account for few cases. These studies fail to confirm that immunizations with the measles-mumps-rubella vaccine are responsible for the surge in autism. Epilepsy, the medical condition most highly associated with autism, has equally complex genetic/nongenetic (but mostly unknown) causes. Autism is frequent in tuberous sclerosis complex and fragile X syndrome, but these 2 disorders account for but a small minority of cases. Currently, diagnosable medical conditions, cytogenetic abnormalities, and single-gene defects (eg, tuberous sclerosis complex, fragile X syndrome, and other rare diseases) together account for <10% of cases. There is convincing evidence that "idiopathic" autism is a heritable disorder. Epidemiologic studies report an ASD prevalence of approximately 3 to 6/1000, with a male to female ratio of 3:1. This skewed ratio remains unexplained: despite the contribution of a few well characterized X-linked disorders, male-to-male transmission in a number of families rules out X-linkage as the prevailing mode of inheritance. The recurrence rate in siblings of affected children is approximately 2% to 8%, much higher than the prevalence rate in the general population but much lower than in single-gene diseases. Twin studies reported 60% concordance for classic autism in monozygotic (MZ) twins versus 0 in dizygotic (DZ) twins, the higher MZ concordance attesting to genetic inheritance as the predominant causative agent. Reevaluation for a broader autistic phenotype that included communication and social disorders increased concordance remarkably from 60% to 92% in MZ twins and from 0% to 10% in DZ pairs. This suggests that interactions between multiple genes cause "idiopathic" autism but that epigenetic factors and exposure to environmental modifiers may contribute to variable expression of autism-related traits. The identity and number of genes involved remain unknown. The wide phenotypic variability of the ASDs likely reflects the interaction of multiple genes within an individual's genome and the existence of distinct genes and gene combinations among those affected. There are 3 main approaches to identifying genetic loci, chromosomal regions likely to contain relevant genes: 1) whole genome screens, searching for linkage of autism to shared genetic markers in populations of multiplex families (families with >1 affected family member; 2) cytogenetic studies that may guide molecular studies by pointing to relevant inherited or de novo chromosomal abnormalities in affected individuals and their families; and 3) evaluation of candidate genes known to affect brain development in these significantly linked regions or, alternatively, linkage of candidate genes selected a priori because of their presumptive contribution to the pathogenesis of autism. Data from whole-genome screens in multiplex families suggest interactions of at least 10 genes in the causation of autism. Thus far, a putative speech and language region at 7q31-q33 seems most strongly linked to autism, with linkages to multiple other loci under investigation. Cytogenetic abnormalities at the 15q11-q13 locus are fairly frequent in people with autism, and a "chromosome 15 phenotype" was described in individuals with chromosome 15 duplications. Among other candidate genes are the FOXP2, RAY1/ST7, IMMP2L, and RELN genes at 7q22-q33 and the GABA(A) receptor subunit and UBE3A genes on chromosome 15q11-q13. Variant alleles of the serotonin transporter gene (5-HTT) on 17q11-q12 are more frequent in individuals with autism than in nonautistic populations. In addition, animal models and linkage data from genome screens implicate the oxytocin receptor at 3p25-p26. Most pediatricians will have 1 or more children with this disorder in their practices. They must diagnose ASD expeditiously because early intervention increases its effectiveness. Children with dysmorphic features, congenital anomalies, mental retardation, or family members with developmental disorders are those most likely to benefit from extensive medical testing and genetic consultation. The yield of testing is much less in high-functioning children with a normal appearance and IQ and moderate social and language impairments. Genetic counseling justifies testing, but until autism genes are identified and their functions are understood, prenatal diagnosis will exist only for the rare cases ascribable to single-gene defects or overt chromosomal abnormalities. Parents who wish to have more children must be told of their increased statistical risk. It is crucial for pediatricians to try to involve families with multiple affected members in formal research projects, as family studies are key to unraveling the causes and pathogenesis of autism. Parents need to understand that they and their affected children are the only available sources for identifying and studying the elusive genes responsible for autism. Future clinically useful insights and potential medications depend on identifying these genes and elucidating the influences of their products on brain development and physiology. ER  - 
Outcome of single fraction total body irradiation-conditioned stem cell transplantation in younger children with malignant disease: Comparison with a busulphan-cyclophosphamide regimen$$$ The logistic difficulties of using fractionated total body irradiation (TBI) in the youngest children often limit the choice to single fraction TBI (sfTBI) or non-TBI-based regimens. We retrospectively evaluated 44 such children (< 7 years) conditioned with either sfTBI (n = 26) or busulphan- cyclophosphamide (Bu-Cy) (n = 18), transplanted for hematological malignancies between 1988 and 2001. Both neutrophil and platelet engraftment were faster in the sfTBI group with a similar incidence of graft failure (6.8%). Acute GVHD (graft versus host disease) grade 2-4 occurred in 38.4% and 38.8% and chronic GVHD in 20% and 15.4% of the patients in the sfTBI and Bu-Cy groups, respectively. Grade 2-4 GVHD was associated with reduced risk of relapse (p = 0.03). This finding was more pronounced in high-risk patients with 2/10 relapses in patients with GVHD grade 2-4, compared with 13/18 relapses among those with GVHD 0-1 (p = 0.05). The probability of overall survival was 43.3% in the sfTBI group and 33.3% in the Bu-Cy group (p = 0.6). However, the outcomes for high-risk patients and those with acute lymphoblastic leukemia were better in the sfTBI group. While hypothyroidism, growth hormone deficiency, learning problems and cataract formation were observed only in the sfTBI group, early cardiac toxicity, behavioral problems and seizures were more common in the Bu-Cy group. Thus, where fractionated TBI is not feasible, sfTBI offers improved survival in high-risk children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia compared with Bu-Cy, without an unacceptable increase in early or late toxicity. ER  - 
Propofol Reduces Cognitive Impairment after Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Background: Cognitive impairments are the main complication after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Modification of treatment parameters has been shown to affect the magnitude of these impairments, but the role of anesthetic type remains unclear. This study tested whether there is a difference in cognitive impairments immediately after ECT with propofol compared to thiopental anesthesia. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, crossover study included 15 patients receiving right unilateral ECT for depression. Patients received propofol or thiopental on alternating ECTs up to 6 treatments. Immediate and delayed verbal memory, motor speed, reaction speed, visuospatial, and executive functions were assessed 45 minutes after each ECT. Differences were assessed with repeated measures analysis of variance. Results: Cognitive impairments were reduced after ECT with propofol compared to thiopental. Time to emergence was quicker and EEG seizure duration was shorter after propofol treatments. There was no significant correlation between seizure duration and neuropsychological test performance. Conclusions: Our results indicate that cognitive impairments in the early recovery period after ECT are reduced with propofol compared to thiopental anesthesia. We suggest that, in addition to ECT parameters, the type of anesthetic agent should be considered to reduce cognitive impairments after ECT. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of the new antiepileptic drugs II: Treatment of refractory epilepsy: Report of the Therapeutics and Technology Assessment Subcommittee and Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the American Epilepsy Society$$$ Objective: To assess the evidence demonstrating efficacy, tolerability, and safety of seven new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) (gabapentin, lamotrigine, topiramate, tiagabine, oxcarbazepine, levetiracetam, and zonisamide) in the treatment of children and adults with refractory partial and generalized epilepsies. Methods: A 23-member committee including general neurologists, pediatric neurologists, epileptologists, and doctors in pharmacy evaluated the available evidence based on a structured literature review including MEDLINE, Current Contents, and Cochrane library for relevant articles from 1987 until March 2003. Results: All of the new AEDs were found to be appropriate for adjunctive treatment of refractory partial seizures in adults. Gabapentin can be effective for the treatment of mixed seizure disorders, and gabapentin, lamotrigine, oxcarbazepine, and topiramate for the treatment of refractory partial seizures in children. Limited evidence suggests that lamotrigine and topiramate are also effective for adjunctive treatment of idiopathic generalized epilepsy in adults and children, as well as treatment of the Lennox Gastaut syndrome. Conclusions: The choice of AED depends upon seizure and/or syndrome type, patient age, concomitant medications, AED tolerability, safety, and efficacy. The results of this evidence-based assessment provide guidelines for the prescription of AEDs for patients with refractory epilepsy and identify those seizure types and syndromes where more evidence is necessary. ER  - 
Acute vagus nerve stimulation using different pulse widths produces varying brain effects$$$ Background Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is an approved treatment for epilepsy and has been investigated in clinical trials of depression. Little is known about the relationship of VNS parameters to brain function. Using the interleaved VNS /functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) technique, we tested whether variations of VNS pulse width (PW) would produce different immediate brain activation in a manner consistent with single neuron PW studies. Methods Twelve adult patients with major depression, treated with VNS, underwent three consecutive VNS/fMRI scans, each randomly using one of three PWs (130 μs, 250 μs, or 500 μs). The data were analyzed with SPM2. Results Global activations induced by PWs 250 and 500 were both significantly greater than that induced by PW 130 but not significantly different from each other. For global deactivation, PWs 130 and 250 were both significantly greater than PW 500 but not significantly different from each other. Regional similarities and differences were also seen with the various PWs. Conclusions The data confirm our hypothesis that VNS at PW 500 globally produces no more activation than does PW 250, and PW 130 is insufficient for activation of some regions. These data suggest that PW is an important variable in producing VNS brain effects. ER  - 
Keeping Your Patient with Heart Failure Safe: A Review of Potentially Dangerous Medications$$$ Heart failure (HF) is a significant health problem in the United States, with a prevalence of 5 million patients and 500 000 new diagnoses each year. Heart failure is also a significant health care-dollar expenditure, with 5.4% of the health care budget contributing to its treatment. Furthermore, it is a disease of the elderly, affecting 6% to 10% of those older than 65 years. Since the elderly with concomitant disease states are highly affected, polypharmacy may be more problematic in this subpopulation. ER  - 
New developments in antibacterial choice for lower respiratory tract infections in elderly patients$$$ Elderly patients are at increased risk of developing lower respiratory tract infections compared with younger patients. In this population, pneumonia is a serious illness with high rates of hospitalisation and mortality, especially in patients requiring admission to intensive care units (ICUs). A wide range of pathogens may be involved depending on different settings of acquisition and patient's health status. Streptococcus pneumoniae is the most common bacterial isolate in community-acquired pneumonia, followed by Haemophilus influenzae, Moraxella catarrhalis and atypical pathogens such as Chlamydia pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila and Mycoplasma pneumoniae. However, elderly patients with comorbid illness, who have been recently hospitalised or are residing in a nursing home, may develop severe pneumonia caused by multidrug resistant staphylococci or pneumococci, and enteric Gram-negative bacilli, including Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Moreover, anaerobes may be involved in aspiration pneumonia. Timely and appropriate empiric treatment is required in order to enhance the likelihood of a good clinical outcome, prevent the spread of antibacterial resistance and reduce the economic impact of pneumonia. International guidelines recommend that elderly outpatients and inpatients (not in ICU) should be treated for the most common bacterial pathogens and the possibility of atypical pathogens. The algorithm for therapy is to use either a selected β-lactam combined with a macrolide (azithromycin or clarithromycin), or to use monotherapy with a new anti-pneumococcal quinolone, such as levofloxacin, gatifloxacin or moxifloxacin. Oral (amoxicillin, amoxicillin/clavulanic acid, cefuroxime axetil) and intravenous (sulbactam/ampicillin, ceftriaxone, cefotaxime) β-lactams are agents of choice in outpatients and inpatients, respectively. For patients with severe pneumonia or aspiration pneumonia, the specific algorithm is to use either a macrolide or a quinolone in combination with other agents; the nature and the number of which depends on the presence of risk factors for specific pathogens. Despite these recommendations, clinical resolution of pneumonia in the elderly is often delayed with respect to younger patients, suggesting that optimisation of antibacterial therapy is needed. Recently, some new classes of antibacterials, such as ketolides, oxazolidinones and streptogramins, have been developed for the treatment of multidrug resistant Gram-positive infections. However, the efficacy and safety of these agents in the elderly is yet to be clarified. Treatment guidelines should be modified on the basis of local bacteriology and resistance patterns, while dosage and/or administration route of each antibacterial should be optimised on the basis of new insights on pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic parameters and drug interactions. These strategies should be able to reduce the occurrence of risk factors for a poor clinical outcome, hospitalisation and death. ER  - 
Safety and Tolerability of Lamotrigine for Bipolar Disorder$$$ Tolerability and safety are important considerations in optimising pharmacotherapy for bipolar disorder. This paper reviews the tolerability and safety of lamotrigine, an anticonvulsant recommended in the 2002 American Psychiatric Association guidelines as a first-line treatment for acute depression in bipolar disorder and one of several options for maintenance therapy. This paper reviews the tolerability and safety of lamotrigine using data available from a large programme of eight placebo-controlled clinical trials of lamotrigine enrolling a total of nearly 1800 patients with bipolar disorder. This review is the first to collate all the safety information from these clinical trials, including data from four unpublished studies. The results these trials in which 827 patients with bipolar disorder were given lamotrigine as monotherapy or adjunctive therapy for up to 18 months for a total of 280 patient-years of exposure demonstrated that lamotrigine is well-tolerated with an adverse-event profile generally comparable with that of placebo. The most common adverse event with lamotrigine was headache. Lamotrigine did not appear to destabilise mood and was not associated with sexual adverse effects, weight gain, or withdrawal symptoms. Few patients experienced serious adverse events with lamotrigine, and the incidence of withdrawals because of adverse events was low. Serious rash occurred rarely (0.1% incidence) in the clinical development programme including both controlled and uncontrolled clinical trials. These findings - considered in the context of data showing lamotrigine to be effective for bipolar depression -establish lamotrigine as a well-tolerated addition to the psychotropic armamentarium. ER  - 
Seizure expression during electroconvulsive therapy: Relationships with clinical outcome and cognitive side effects$$$ Since electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) can result in generalized seizures that lack efficacy, physiological markers of treatment adequacy are needed. Specific electroencephalographic (EEG) features differentiate seizures produced with barely suprathreshold right unilateral (RUL) ECT, an ineffective treatment, from effective forms of ECT. This study determined whether EEG features are sensitive to treatment condition using a broad dosing range for RUL ECT, as well as predictive of clinical and cognitive outcomes. Quantitative EEG measures and observer ratings were compared in predictive power. From a larger study, 54 in-patients with major depression were randomized to low (1.5 x seizure threshold (ST)), moderate (2.5 x ST), or high-dose (6 x ST) RUL ECT, or high-dose (2.5 x ST) bilateral (BL) ECT. High dosage RUL and BL ECT were comparable in efficacy, and superior to low and moderate dosage RUL ECT. In the slow frequency bands (δ), BL ECT resulted in greater ictal power, ictal coherence, and postictal suppression than each RUL ECT condition, but the EEG measures failed to discriminate the RUL ECT groups. EEG measures were modestly associated with clinical outcome, with greater ictal power, δ coherence, and postictal suppression positive predictors. None of the EEG measures were associated with cognitive outcomes. Inability to distinguish forms of RUL ECT differing markedly in dosage and efficacy suggests that EEG measures have limited potential as markers of treatment adequacy. Rather than assaying treatment adequacy, the EEG features associated with efficacy may reflect individual differences in the strength of inhibitory processes that terminate the seizure, and can help isolate the biological variability that predisposes to positive or negative clinical response to ECT. ER  - 
Mortality in patients with epilepsy$$$ Purpose of review: Prospective and retrospective incidence cohort studies have been consistent in identifying an increased mortality in patients with epilepsy, although risk ratios vary considerably. Standardized mortality ratios in these populations range from 1.6 to 5.3, but they tend to be higher in studies in selected populations. Recent findings: A few studies have addressed the mortality rate in patients after epilepsy surgery. Mortality seemed to be lower for surgery than for non-surgery patients. The main factors contributing to the late mortality rate in this population are the persistence of seizures after surgery, the long duration of epilepsy before surgery, and the side of the resection. Despite recent improvements in diagnosis and therapeutic management, status epilepticus is still associated with significant mortality, with a case fatality reaching 39%. Early patient management could influence the outcome of status epilepticus. Reports on suicide in epilepsy are based on small samples from different populations, highly selected groups of patients, using different methods of analysis. The rates vary from zero to 25%, and seem to be related more to a psychiatric co-morbidity than the severity of epilepsy. Sudden unexplained death is considered to be the most frequent epilepsy-related death. Clinical and experimental evidence supports the theory that sudden unexplained death is a recent seizure-mediated event with ictal stimulation of the autonomic system. Summary: In some situations, the increased risk of death could be prevented by a better definition of populations at increased risk, better therapeutic management, and adequate neurological follow-up. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in adult patients with and without learning disability: Focus on behavioral adverse effects$$$ Optimal antiepileptic drug treatment in patients with learning disability (LD) represents a particular challenge. These patients are often unable to report toxicity, and side effects may manifest as behavioral problems. The aim of this open study was to compare efficacy and tolerability of levetiracetam (LEV) in patients with LD and those without LD. One hundred eighty-four consecutive adult patients who received LEV were followed for an average of 8.1 months. Fifty-six patients (30%) had LD. Thirty-nine percent of patients with refractory epilepsy (37% with and 40% without LD) had >50% seizure reduction. Significantly more behavioral side effects (23% vs 10%) and a tendency toward less reported somatic central nervous side effects were found in the LD group. We conclude that LEV is equally effective and well tolerated in both patients with LD and patients without LD. However, behavioral problems are more frequent in patients with LD, whereas the tendency toward seizure increase is not enhanced. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Does bupropion have advantages over other medical therapies in the cessation of smoking?$$$ The sustained-release (SR) form of bupropion is an effective treatment for smokers who are trying to give up. As it is a prescription drug, the use of bupropion SR has brought smoking cessation back to the physician's office. Another unique feature of the use of bupropion SR for smoking cessation is that it is started before the smoker quits. Few head-to-head trials have compared bupropion SR with other medical treatments. However, trials have been conducted in a wide range of patient and treatment settings. These include community volunteers, patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and cardiovascular disease, relapsed smokers, individuals with a history of depression, women and the elderly. Beyond randomised clinical trials, the effectiveness of bupropion has been shown in clinical practice and managed-care settings. 2004 © Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine$$$ Neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs) are an important class of ion channels that have been associated with a number of neurological conditions. A great deal of research has been focused on attempting to understand the exact physiological role of these receptors. As drug targets, the nAChRs are quite complex, both in their structure (multiple receptor subtypes) and their physiological function. Initially, the difficulty encountered in identifying small-molecule modulators led to doubts about the validity of this class of receptors as drug targets. More recently, in vitro and in vivo data, homology modelling, and the identification of small-molecule agonists, have confirmed nAChRs as valid drug discovery targets. In fact, several compounds are now in clinical development for the treatment of pain, smoking cessation and cognitive disorders. 2004 © Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
The Use of Interferon α in Behçet Disease: Review of the Literature$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of interferon (IFN) alpha for the treatment of Behçet's disease (BD) and discuss its possible mechanisms of action. Methods: Reports published until July 2002 in all languages were identified by the PubMed Database and the BD conference proceedings and abstract booklets. The indexing terms used were "Behçet" and "interferon." Results: Thirty-two original reports and 4 selected abstracts were included in the analysis. Systemic IFN-α was administered to 338 patients. One hundred eighty-two patients with acute ocular disease were treated with IFN-α. Two hundred sixty-four patients received IFN-α2a, and 74 received IFN-α2b. Eighty-six percent of the patients with mucocutaneous symptoms, 96% with arthritis, and 94% with uveitis exhibited a partial or complete response. Higher IFN doses were more effective than low-dose regimens and led to up to 56% long-term remissions after discontinuation of IFN-α were reported. IFN-α2a apparently was superior to IFN-α2b, with more complete remissions, but this probably was the result of a bias caused by the larger number of patients treated with IFN-α2a. Side effects were dose-dependent and similar to those noted in patients with hepatitis C. Conclusions: Although the comparability of the studies is hampered because of different study designs, IFN-α is effective for the treatment of BD. It was beneficial even in resistant posterior uveitis, in which long-term remissions with preservation of visual acuity was achieved. In contrast, mostly partial remissions were reported for mucocutaneous symptoms. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prophylactic cranial irradiation in small cell lung cancer$$$ For many years, PCI in SCLC was a controversial issue, opponents arguing that none of the published reports of randomized trials on PCI showed an effect on overall survival and that the late-occurring neurologic effects could outweigh its benefits. Several studies in the past 20 years have reported a lower incidence of brain metastases with PCI, thereby reducing the risk of the associated morbidity and social consequences of brain failure. If recent trials have shown that brain metastases could be really prevented and not just delayed with PCI in complete responders, then the meta-analysis has now demonstrated that PCI leads to a 5.4% increase in the 3-year survival rate. This improvement in overall survival can be added up to the effect of thoracic radiotherapy, which has about the same value [1,2]. The selection of an optimal dose for PCI that would lead to further decreases in brain metastasis incidence with minimal toxicity is one of the challenges raised by the meta-analysis, as is the ideal timing of PCI. An ongoing international trial addressing the question of the optimal PCI dose for the prevention of metastases is comparing a standard dose of 25 Gy in 10 fractions to a higher dose of 36 Gy (36 Gy in 18 fractions or 36 Gy in 24 twice-daily fractions) [58]. To evaluate whether dose escalation results in higher cerebral control rates without added neurologic toxicity, all patients have a baseline radiologic evaluation and a quality-of-life and clinical evaluation at baseline before PCI, 6 months after PCI, and then yearly. A phase II/III Radiation Therapy Oncology Group trial also recently has been activated that is comparing conventional fractionation (36 Gy in 18 fractions) to hyperfractionated accelerated radiotherapy (36 Gy in 24 twice-daily fractions). All patients will have a neurocognitive assessment in their follow-up. Even if there are questions left concerning the optimal dose, fractionation, and timing of PCI, there is level 1 evidence that PCI is effective. It should now be considered as part of the standard treatment of patients with SCLC in complete remission. ER  - 
Serious adverse events in the Australian National Evaluation of Pharmacotherapies for Opioid Dependence (NEPOD)$$$ Aims: The study estimated serious adverse event (SAE) rates among entrants to pharmacotherapies for opioid dependence, during treatment and after leaving treatment. Design: A longitudinal study based on data from 12 trials included in the Australian National Evaluation of Pharmacotherapies for Opioid Dependence (NEPOD). Participants and settings: A total of 1244 heroin users and methadone patients treated in hospital, community and GP settings. Intervention: Six trials included detoxification; all included treatment with methadone, buprenorphine, levo-alpha-acetyl-methadol (LAAM) or naltrexone. Findings: During 394 person-years of observation, 79 SAEs of 28 types were recorded. Naltrexone participants experienced 39 overdoses per 100 person-years after leaving treatment (44% occurred within 2 weeks after stopping naltrexone). This was eight times the rate recorded among participants who left agonist treatment. Rates of all other SAEs were similar during treatment versus out of treatment, for both naltrexone-treated and agonist-treated participants. Five deaths occurred, all among participants who had left treatment, at a rate of six per 100 person-years. Total SAE rates during naltrexone and agonist treatments were similar (20, 14 per 100 person-years, respectively). Total SAE and death rates observed among participants who had left treatment were three and 19 times the corresponding rates during treatment. Conclusions: Individuals who leave pharmacotherapies for opioid dependence experience higher overdose and death rates compared with those in treatment. This may be due partly to a participant self-selection effect rather than entirely to pharmacotherapy being protective. Clinicians should alert naltrexone treatment patients in particular about heroin overdose risks. Duty of care may extend beyond cessation of dosing. ER  - 
Magic shotguns versus magic bullets: Selectively non-selective drugs for mood disorders and schizophrenia$$$ Most common central nervous system disorders - such as depression, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia - seem to be polygenic in origin, and the most effective medications have exceedingly complex pharmacologies. Attempts to develop more effective treatments for diseases such as schizophrenia and depression by discovering drugs selective for single molecular targets (that is, 'magic bullets') have, not surprisingly, been largely unsuccessful. Here we propose that designing selectively non-selective drugs (that is, 'magic shotguns') that interact with several molecular targets will lead to new and more effective medications for a variety of central nervous system disorders. ER  - 
Efficacy, safety, and limitations in current practice of sedation and analgesia$$$ The ease and availability of endoscopy as a diagnostic and therapeutic modality for gastrointestinal disorders has greatly increased the number of procedures performed in the United States. One of the main factors in achieving a flawless procedure is the use of sedation and analgesia in endoscopy. This article examines the efficacy, safety, and limitations inherent in the current practice of sedation and analgesia. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric problems in tuberous sclerosis complex$$$ Tuberous sclerosis complex is an autosomal dominant disorder characterized by abnormal cellular differentiation and proliferation, as well as abnormal neuronal migration. It is a disease affecting multiple organ systems and typically has brain involvement, causing severe disabilities. This article reviews the literature of the commonly associated neuropsychiatric complications, including mental retardation, autism-like features, and other behavior problems, which are discussed in the context of the neuropathology and epilepsy observed in tuberous sclerosis complex. The potential pathogenesis of neuropsychiatric problems is explored, including links to the genetics, neuropathology, neurotrophins, and epilepsy factors associated with tuberous sclerosis complex. Treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms, including autism-like features, attention deficits, and sleep disorders, is also discussed. ER  - 
Clonazepam as a therapeutic adjunct to improve the management of depression$$$ Clonazepam, which is a benzodiazepine structually related to chlordiazepoxide hydrochloride, diazepam and nitrazepam, has been available for the treatment of seizure disorders in the USA since 1976 and in Japan since 1981. Increasingly, clonazepam has been used in the treatment of a variety of psychiatric disorders. The effect of clonazepam on depression was first reported by Jones and Chouinard in 1985. Since their report, many investigators have reported on the antidepressive properties of clonazepam. A daily dose of at least 3.0 mg clonazepain in augmentation of ongoing antidepressant treatment should be considered in depression. Regarding clonazepam augmentation therapy, if a patient does not show improvement by the end of four weeks, the treatment regimen should be altered. Age at onset of the first depressive episode and a history of family psychiatric illness should be considered the predictor of prognosis. The author discusses specific guidelines for the use of clonazepam in depression. ER  - 
Adverse effects of new antiepileptic drugs$$$ Starting with phenobarbital in the 1900s, it took almost 70-80 years to introduce old-generation agents for the treatment of epilepsy. Then, in eleven years, nine more new antiepileptic drugs were added to the armamentarium. These drugs produce a nearly 40-50% decrease in seizure incidence in refractory patients, but few patients have been able to achieve complete freedom from seizures. So the search for more effective drugs with minimal adverse effect profiles will continue. Although the new antiepileptic drugs do not demonstrate a superior efficacy compared to the older ones, they do offer some advantages in terms of tolerability, fewer drug interactions and simpler pharmacokinetics. However, our knowledge concerning their safety profiles can not yet be considered adequate due to the relatively short time these drugs have been on the market and to the limited number of patients exposed to them. The fact that the serious side effects of felbamate and vigabatrine appeared late after marketing should be taken as an important lesson because it implies the potential for unknown side effects at any time during treatment. Antiepileptic drug treatment should begin with diagnosis of the seizure and epileptic syndrome, followed by selection of the drug most appropriate for treatment of the individual patient, and continued with monitoring of not only the seizures but the adverse effect profile as well. © 2004 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Behavioral and psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents with Down syndrome$$$ Not all children and adolescents with Down syndrome are happy and sociable. Some have behavioral problems, such as aggression or self-injury. Others may suffer with major depression or obsessive-compulsive disorder. There are few epidemiologic studies of psychiatric disorders in Down syndrome. Consequently, clinicians often have limited guidance from peer-reviewed literature, in selecting treatment options. This paper will review the behavioral disorders of aggression and self-injurious behavior as well as depression, bipolar disorder, psychosis, and obsessive-compulsive disorder. Although more research is needed in almost all areas, there are a few observations. Before using a psychotropic for aggression, attempt to rule out communication, social, environmental or medical etiologies. Similar to the general population, the first-line treatment for major depression is a SSRI (with the exception of paroxetine). ER  - 
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors as drug targets$$$ While it has long been documented that nicotine contained in tobacco leaves gives rise to major public health problems it has also been observed that this alkaloid can have beneficial effects. However, it is only with the identification of a family of genes coding for the neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors and increased knowledge of their expression and function in the central nervous system that these receptors have received attention concerning their potential as drug targets. In light of the latest findings about nicotinic acetylcholine receptors and their involvement in disease states we review the possibility to design new drugs targeted to these ligand-gated channels. Beneficial and possible undesirable actions of agonists, antagonists and allosteric modulators are discussed and placed in perspective of our most recent knowledge. © 2004 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of Partial Seizures in Childhood: An Overview$$$ The treatment of partial seizures in children is based on the use of first generation and recently introduced antiepileptic drugs as well as nonpharmacological treatments such as the ketogenic diet, vagus nerve stimulation and surgical therapy. The present review discusses the efficacy and tolerability of different treatment options for partial seizures in childhood. Few adjunctive or monotherapy, placebo-controlled or comparative trials of the first-generation antiepileptic drugs and some of the more recently introduced antiepileptic drugs have been performed in children. This can be explained by the fact that it is only relatively recently (1989) that the International League against Epilepsy proposed that randomised, controlled trials be included among the required criteria for assessing the efficacy and tolerability of an antiepileptic agent. This led to controlled, comparative trials among older antiepileptic drugs (phenobarbital, phenytoin, carbamazepine and valproic acid), both in adults and in paediatric patients, being performed relatively 'late', based on when these drugs were first introduced. Carbamazepine and valproic acid may still be considered as first-line antiepileptic therapies for children with partial seizures. Phenobarbital and phenytoin are mostly considered as last choice drugs because of their adverse event profiles. The new generation of antiepileptic agents has added to the first- and second-line treatment options for paediatric partial seizures. To date, there are sufficient data to support the clinical use of some of the recently introduced antiepileptic drugs (e.g. oxcarbazepine, topiramate, gabapentin and lamotrigine) as adjunctive or first-line monotherapy. Because of the risk of visual field constriction with vigabatrin, the use of this drug is currently limited to patients refractory to other medications. Tiagabine, felbamate, levetiracetam and zonisamide have been shown to be effective in adults with partial seizures; however, at present there are not yet enough data on the efficacy of these drugs in children to support consideration of their use as either first-line or add-on therapy in this patient population, although controlled studies are expected shortly. Furthermore, the use of felbamate is considerably limited by rare, but severe, hepatic and haematological toxicity. Controlled trials for paediatric partial seizures are still lacking for the ketogenic diet and vagus nerve stimulation, though they may represent, in given patients, useful adjunctive alternative treatments for refractory partial seizures. In conclusion, further trials are needed to determine an optimal sequence of first- and second-line therapies and to establish whether other newer antiepileptic drugs merit consideration as initial therapy in children with partial seizures. ER  - 
Weight Gain Associated with Atypical Antipsychotic Use in Children and Adolescents: Prevalence, Clinical Relevance, and Management$$$ Atypical antipsychotics are increasingly prescribed to children and adolescents with neuropsychiatric disorders. Although their profile of potent antagonism at specific serotonin and dopamine receptors offers certain advantages compared with typical antipsychotics, their use has been associated with various adverse effects, including significant weight gain. This adverse effect is of particular concern in children and adolescents, secondary to the immediate and long-term health risks associated with weight gain, including obesity, diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia. Indeed, from 1963 to 1991, the prevalence of obesity has approximately doubled in youth. Prior to selecting an atypical antipsychotic, a detailed review of the predictors of weight gain is necessary for every child and adolescent. Published data suggest that clozapine and olanzapine are associated with considerable weight gain, whereas risperidone and quetiapine have a moderate risk. Alternatively, ziprasidone and aripiprazole may exhibit a low risk for this adverse effect. Whereas behavioral and pharmacologic measures are available to manage weight gain associated with atypical antipsychotics, research is needed to establish more effective and safe interventions for this adverse effect in children and adolescents. ER  - 
Atomoxetine: A Review of its Use in Adults with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder$$$ Atomoxetine (Strattera™) is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor and nonstimulant that has shown greater efficacy than placebo in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults. In two large, well controlled, 10-week trials in adults with ADHD, improvements in ADHD symptoms, as assessed by investigator- and patient-rated scores, were greater with oral atomoxetine (60, 90 or 120 mg/day) than with placebo. Mean reductions in the total ADHD symptom score on the investigator-rated Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scale (CAARS) in atomoxetine versus placebo recipients were 28.3% versus 18.1% and 30.1% versus 19.6%, respectively. Mean reductions in the scores on the Clinician Global Impression of Severity Scale, patient-rated CAARS and Wender-Reimherr Adult Attention Deficit Disorder Scale were also significantly greater with atomoxetine than with placebo. Continued efficacy was demonstrated in a noncomparative, 34-week extension phase. Atomoxetine was generally well tolerated in clinical trials; withdrawal rates due to adverse events in atomoxetine-treated versus placebo-treated patients participating in the two major trials were 7.8% versus 4.3% and 9.3% versus 2.4% (p < 0.05 for the latter trial). Adverse events reported significantly more frequently with atomoxetine than placebo included dry mouth, insomnia, nausea, decreased appetite, constipation, dizziness, sweating, dysuria, sexual problems and palpitations. Modest increases in heart rate and blood pressure were well tolerated and gradually decreased on cessation of treatment. Atomoxetine was not associated with QT interval prolongation. Atomoxetine can be administered once or twice daily. Its subjective-effects profile is different to that of methylphenidate and atomoxetine is not associated with abuse or diversion; it is therefore not a controlled substance in the US. This also means repeat prescriptions during long-term treatment can be more conveniently processed. Conclusion: Atomoxetine is an effective and generally well tolerated treatment for adults with ADHD. It is a nonstimulant and is the first ADHD treatment to be approved specifically for adult use based on its efficacy in well controlled adult trials. It can be administered as a single daily dose or split into two evenly divided doses. It carries negligible risk of abuse or diversion and is not a controlled substance. Atomoxetine is a valuable new treatment option for adults with ADHD and is particularly useful in patients who are at risk for substance abuse or who do not wish to take a controlled substance. ER  - 
Antimalarial Drug Toxicity: A Review$$$ Malaria, caused mostly by Plasmodium falciparum and P. vivax, remains one of the most important infectious diseases in the world. Antimalarial drug toxicity is one side of the risk-benefit equation and is viewed differently depending upon whether the clinical indication for drug administration is malaria treatment or prophylaxis. Drug toxicity must be acceptable to patients and cause less harm than the disease itself. Research that leads to drug registration tends to omit two important groups who are particularly vulnerable to malaria - very young children and pregnant women. Prescribing in pregnancy is a particular problem for clinicians because the risk-benefit ratio is often very unclear. The number of antimalarial drugs in use is very small. Despite its decreasing efficacy against P. falciparum, chloroquine continues to be used widely because of its low cost and good tolerability. It remains the drug of first choice for treating P. vivax malaria. Pruritus is a common adverse effect in African patients. As prophylaxis, chloroquine is usually combined with proguanil. This combination has good overall tolerability but mouth ulcers and gastrointestinal upset are more common than with other prophylactic regimens. Sulfadoxine/pyrimethamine is well tolerated as treatment and when used as intermittent preventive treatment in pregnant African women. Sulfadoxine/pyrimethamine is no longer used as prophylaxis because it may cause toxic epidermal necrolysis and Stevens Johnson syndrome. Mefloquine remains a valuable drug for prophylaxis and treatment. Tolerability is acceptable to most patients and travellers despite the impression given by the lay press. Dose-related serious neuropsychiatric toxicity can occur; mefloquine is contraindicated in individuals with a history of epilepsy or psychiatric disease. Quinine is the mainstay for treating severe malaria in many countries. Cardiovascular or CNS toxicity is rare, but hypoglycaemia may be problematic and blood glucose levels should be monitored. Halofantrine is unsuitable for widespread use because of its potential for cardiotoxicity. There is renewed interest in two old drugs, primaquine and amodiaquine. Primaquine is being developed as prophylaxis, and amodiaquine, which was withdrawn from prophylactic use because of neutropenia and hepatitis, is a potentially good partner drug for artesunate against falciparum malaria. Atovaquone/proguanil is a new antimalarial combination with good efficacy and tolerability as prophylaxis and treatment. The most important class of drugs that could have a major impact on malaria control is the artemisinin derivatives. They have remarkable efficacy and an excellent safety record. They have no identifiable dose-related adverse effects in humans and only very rarely produce allergic reactions. Combining an artemisinin derivative with another efficacious antimalarial drug is increasingly being viewed as the optimal therapeutic strategy for malaria. ER  - 
Cognitive deficits in adult patients with brain tumours$$$ Cognitive function, with survival and response on brain imaging, is increasingly regarded as an important outcome measure in patients with brain tumours. This measure provides us with information on a patient's clinical situation and adverse treatment effects. Radiotherapy has been regarded as the main cause of cognitive decline in these patients, because children with brain tumours can develop intellectual deterioration caused by radiotherapy. In long-term surviving patients, radiotherapy may indeed lead to cognitive deficits, or even dementia. Recent studies, however, have made clear that focal radiotherapy in patients with glioma is not the main reason for cognitive deficits. The tumour itself and other medical treatments contribute largely to the cognitive deficits. Cognitive function is now also recognised as an independent prognostic factor in the survival of glioma patients. Additionally, cognitive deterioration can be the first indicator of progressive disease after treatment. ER  - 
Lack of a hypotensive effect with rapid administration of a new aqueous formulation of intravenous amiodarone$$$ Hypotension is the most frequent adverse event reported with intravenous amiodarone. Hypotension has been attributed to the vasoactive solvents of the standard formulation (Cordarone IV) and is not dose related, but related to the rate of infusion. Drug labeling calls for intravenous amiodarone to be administered over 10 minutes. A new aqueous formulation of amiodarone (Amio-Aqueous) does not contain vasoactive excipients and may be administered safely by rapid administration without hypotension. This hypothesis was tested using combined data of 4 clinical trials; each assessed the development of hypotension prospectively. Hypotension was defined as a 25% decrease in systolic blood pressure (BP), with the development of a systolic BP of <90 mm Hg or a systolic BP that decreased to <80 mm Hg. In all, 358 Amio-Aqueous and 225 lidocaine boluses were administered to 278 patients; 246 had ventricular tachycardia (VT) during drug administration. Hypotension developed in 11% of patients on Amio-Aqueous versus 19% on lidocaine (p = NS), all during VT; most resolved spontaneously with VT termination. With both drugs, hypotension persisted after VT termination in 1% of patients; the incidence of drug-related hypotension occurred in 2% of patients (1% had hypotension requiring treatment). The Amio-Aqueous was discontinued in 1% of patients, and lidocaine was discontinued in 2% of patients because of hypotension. We conclude that Amio-Aqueous is at least as safe as lidocaine in terms of causing hypotension when administered rapidly. This is a significant advantage over the standard amiodarone formulation, because Cordarone cannot be administered by rapid bolus owing to excipient-related hypotension. © 2004 by Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy in cognitive research$$$ The neurophysiological basis of cognition is relatively unexplained, with most studies reporting weak relationships between cognition and measures of brain function, such as event-related potentials, brain size and cerebral blood flow. Magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) is an in vivo method used to detect neurochemicals within the brain that are relevant to certain brain processes. The most widely used methods are 1H-MRS and 31P-MRS, which detect compounds that contain hydrogen and phosphorus, respectively. Recent studies have shown that the absolute concentrations or ratios of these neurochemicals, in particular N-acetyl aspartate (NAA), which is associated with neuronal viability, correlate with performance on neuropsychological tests or other measures of cognitive function in normal subjects. Many studies in adults and children have shown a relationship between neurometabolite values and cognitive status or extent of cognitive dysfunction in various neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders. We review these studies and conclude that MRS has potential applications for the study of cognitive processes in health and disease and may be used clinically for differential diagnosis, the early detection of pathology and the examination of longitudinal change. © 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Tacrolimus therapy in pediatric patients with treatment-resistant nephrotic syndrome$$$ This is a retrospective analysis of 16 children started on tacrolimus with various types of treatment-resistant nephrotic syndrome. There are 13 patients with focal glomerulosclerosis, 1 minimal change disease, and 2 IgA nephropathy with nephrosis. The mean age of the children was 11.4 years (range 3.5-18.1 years) with a mean age at diagnosis of 5.6 years (range 1.6-13.3 years). All patients initially received prednisone 2 mg/kg per day. Other therapies for 15 of 16 included cyclosporine (n=15), chlorambucil (n=5), mycophenolate mofetil (n=5), levamisole (n=3), i.v. methylprednisolone (n=3), and cyclophosphamide (n=2). The major indication for the initiation of tacrolimus included treatment resistance/dependence (n=15) and intolerable side effects from other therapies (n=1). The average time from the diagnosis to initiation of tacrolimus was 5.3 years (range 0.3-13.3 years, median 6 years). The initial dosage of tacrolimus utilized was 0.1 mg/kg per day divided into two doses. The mean follow-up period was 6.5 months (range 2.5-18 months). Thirteen patients (81%) went into a complete remission within an average of 2 months (range 0.5-5.5 months), with 3 patients relapsing while on treatment. Three patients did not respond. Of these, 2 had partial remissions (13%) and 1 failed to respond. Adverse events included anemia (n=1), seizure (n=1), worsening or new-onset hypertension (n=5), and sepsis (n=1). All patients remain on tacrolimus. Tacrolimus is an effective, well-tolerated medication for treatment-resistant forms of nephrotic syndrome in children, with a complete remission rate of 81% and a partial remission rate of 13% (totaling 94%). © IPNA 2004. ER  - 
Adverse drug reactions and off-label prescribing for paediatric outpatients: A one-year survey of spontaneous reports in Sweden$$$ Purpose. To investigate the extent and characteristics of off-label prescribing for paediatric outpatients among drugs reported to have caused an adverse reaction. Methods. A retrospective, cross-sectional, observational analysis of spontaneous adverse drug reaction (ADR) reports in Sweden in the year 2000. We included all reports concerning drugs prescribed for outpatients younger than 16 years. Each ADR was classified with respect to its causality, seriousness and type of reaction. Off-label prescribing was evaluated with respect to age, dose, indication, formulation and route and frequency of administration. Results. We identified 112 patient-linked reports corresponding to 158 ADRs, of which 31% were serious. Antiasthmatic drugs were most frequently suspected as a cause of almost every third adverse reaction. The average proportion of off-label drug prescribing amounted to 42.4%. It was more frequently associated with serious than non-serious ADRs and mostly due to a non-approved age or dose. The most common clinical manifestations were psychiatric disorders and mucocutaneous inflammatory reactions. Conclusions. Off-label prescribing for paediatric outpatients is common among drugs reported to have caused an ADR. It is suggested to further identify unlabelled drugs frequently contributing to, in particular serious ADRs in children for a proper benefit-risk assessment of off-label drug use. Copyright © 2003 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Effectiveness of the selective D4 antagonist sonepiprazole in schizophrenia: A placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background Selective localization of dopamine D4 receptors in the prefrontal cortex and preferential affinity of clozapine for the dopamine D4 receptor over the D2 receptor led to the hypothesis that the superior efficacy of clozapine may be mediated via blockade of the D4 receptor. This hypothesis was tested by evaluating sonepiprazole, a selective D4 dopamine antagonist, in schizophrenia patients. Methods We treated 467 hospitalized schizophrenia patients with scores of ≥ 60 on the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) with sonepiprazole, olanzapine, or placebo once daily for 6 weeks. The primary efficacy end point was the mean change from baseline in the PANSS total score at 6 weeks. Secondary efficacy end points were the mean change from baseline in the PANSS factor scores, the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale score, the Clinical Global Impressions Severity of Illness score, and the Calgary Depression Scale score. Results No statistically significant differences were observed between placebo and any sonepiprazole dose on the primary or any secondary end point after 6 weeks of treatment. Statistically significant differences, favoring olanzapine over placebo, were observed on all efficacy end points but the Calgary Depression Scale. Conclusions Sonepiprazole was ineffective for the treatment of patients with schizophrenia. ER  - 
Somatic treatment of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents$$$ The currently available data from randomized, controlled trials and a considerable amount of open clinical data suggest that adolescent-onset bipolar disorder probably responds to the same agents as adult-onset bipolar disorder. Research examining psychopharmacologic treatment approaches in the early-onset bipolar disorder is limited, however. Methodologic problems include small sample sizes, lack of comparison groups, retrospective designs, and lack of standardized measures. In addition, sometimes no clear differentiation is made between mania and bipolar disorder, the latter term being used broadly in the literature. Often the studies show that symptoms improve because of treatment, but the functioning of the patients does not improve significantly. More research is clearly needed in all aspects of this disorder but especially in examining the efficacy of various types of treatment, its longitudinal course, and diagnostic issues. The indications for, and the overall duration of, long-term maintenance therapy need further study. Many adolescents and children with bipolar disorder do not respond to any of the first-line pharmacologic treatments; therefore, studies with novel agents should be extended to patients in this age range. Furthermore, physicians will probably continue to use combination therapies when confronted by either lack of efficacy or delayed onset of efficacy with a single agent. Thus, such resultant drug-drug interactions also should also be systematically studied [97]. ER  - 
Use of cyclosporine in lung transplantation$$$ Prior to the cyclosporine (CsA) era, there were no long-term survivors from lung transplantation as the immunosuppressive drugs made patients very susceptible to opportunistic infections and anastomotic complications. CsA is a calcineurin inhibitor that binds to cyclophilins and inhibits transcription of interleukin 2 in T cells, thereby preventing proliferation of activated T cells. The initial immunosuppressive regimen at our institution includes CsA, azathioprine, and steroids. Blood levels of CsA (whole blood, TDx assay) are maintained between 250 and 350 ng/mL for 0 to 6 months, 200 to 300 ng/mL for 6 to 12 months, and around 200 ng/mL beyond 12 months following lung transplantation. Nephrotoxicity, hypertension, susceptibility to infections, and malignancy are some of the serious side effects of CsA that limit its therapeutic usefulness. Acute rejection is relatively common with this regimen, and about 60% of all lung transplant recipients are treated for an episode of acute rejection within the first 12 months after lung transplantation. Acute rejection is a probable risk factor for chronic rejection, and obliterative bronchiolitis develops in about 50% of the patients who survive 5 years. Treatment of chronic rejection continues to be a challenge in lung transplantation. CsA and tacrolimus seem to have equivalent results in lung transplantation, although a few patients may benefit from the use of tacrolimus. ER  - 
What physicians can do to prevent suicide$$$ Many people who attempt suicide or succeed at it visit their physicians shortly before the act; thus, primary care physicians have a key role in preventing suicide. The first step is to suspect that the patient might be at risk, and the second step is to ask about it. Nevertheless, one cannot predict whether any particular person will or will not attempt suicide. ER  - 
Management of cancer pain in the older adult$$$ Cancer pain is a significant problem in older adults. Management in this population is made more challenging by issues such as comorbid conditions and age-related alterations in drug disposition. The first step is to perform a multidimensional assessment in order to identify the various foctors that may influence the perception and expression of pain. The second step is to apply a process of targeted interventions, which optimizes the use of pharmacological and non-pharmacological therapies and takes into consideration the unique characteristics of the older patient. ER  - 
Comorbidities in chronic neuropathic pain$$$ Neuropathic pain arises from a lesion or dysfunction within the nervous system; the specific mechanism that elicit neuropathic pain symptoms are the subject of ongoing research. It is generally acknowledged that neuropathic pain is extremely difficult to treat, and a major factor impacting outcomes is the presence of comorbidities such as poor sleep, depressed mood, and anxiety. Patients who suffer from chronic pain experience difficulties in initiating and maintaining sleep. Sleep deprivation has been associated with a decreased pain threshold, muscle aches, and stiffness in normal volunteers. The interrelationship of these factors is complex: Many chronic pain patients are depressed and anxious; sleep deprivation can lead to anxiety; and depression can be both the cause and the result of sleep disturbances. Thus, physicians must evaluate all aspects of pain, sleep, and mood in chronic pain patients. Several instruments have been developed to aid physicians in gathering qualitative and quantitative information from chronic pain patients. This triad of chronic pain, sleep disturbances, and depression/anxiety must be fully addressed if the patient is to be restored to optimal functionality. A multidisciplinary team approach allows for treatment of the whole patient. Nonpharmacologic interventions include relaxation therapy, sleep restriction therapy, and cognitive therapy. Strategies for pharmacologic interventions should attempt to maximize outcomes by employing, where possible, agents that address both the pain and the comorbidities. In this way, functionality may be restored and the patient's quality of life improved. © American Academy of Pain Medicine. ER  - 
Ganaxolone: A prospective overview$$$ Ganaxolone is a synthetic analogue of the endogenous neurosteroid allopregnanolone, a metabolite of progesterone. Like allopregnanolone, ganaxolone is a potent positive allosteric modulator of γ-aminobutyric acid type A (GABAA) receptors. Ganaxolone has robust anticonvulsant effects in a variety of animal models of epilepsy, is orally active and lacks hormonal side effects. Unlike diazepam, anticonvulsant tolerance does not develop to ganaxolone following chronic therapy. Recent preclinical studies suggest that ganaxolone is a particularly promising treatment for catamenial epilepsy, a menstrual cycle-related seizure disorder characterized by an increase in seizures at the time of menstruation. Preliminary evidence of the efficacy of ganaxolone in the treatment of epilepsy is encouraging. In general, ganaxolone has a favorable safety profile. The most frequently reported side effect is somnolence, which occurs with an acceptable therapeutic index. Ganaxolone has demonstrated significant clinical efficacy in suppressing complex partial seizures. Two open-label trials of ganaxolone in infantile spasms have been reported with indications of efficacy in both cases. Ganaxolone has enhanced potency in an animal model of catamenial epilepsy, and there is promising preliminary evidence for the efficacy of ganaxolone 'pulse therapy' for catamenial seizures in women. In addition, since premenstrual syndrome (PMS) is associated with allopregnanolone deficiency, ganaxolone may also have utility in the management of PMS. As a novel GABAA receptor modulator with unique, broad-spectrum protective efficacy, ganaxolone may have additional therapeutic potential in alcohol and cocaine withdrawal seizures, as well as in the treatment of anxiety and other mood disorders. ER  - 
Perioperative anesthesia clinical considerations of alternative medicines$$$ The presence of nutraceutical agents in the United States health care system dictates the need for a general understanding of these agents by all physicians and health care providers. Increasing trend toward reimbursement of herbal medicines by the insurance companies and managed care organizations have further encouraged their use. Because herbs are listed under the "supplement" category by the Food and Drug Administration, the Dietary Supplement and Health Education Act establishes no protocol for standardization of the products labeled as "supplements" thereby increasing the risk for adverse effects associated with the use of these products. Moreover, there is little motivation for the manufacturers to conduct randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded safety and efficacy trials on these drugs. Reports indicate that within the last 2 decades, more than 100 herbogenic deaths have occurred [100]. Many serious complications have been reported, including renal failure and need for renal or hepatic transplantation after taking nutraceuticals [101-107]. The anesthesiologists should have a detailed knowledge and understanding of the potential risks and purported benefits of herbal medicines and should thoroughly inquire about patient's use of herbal products [108-111]. In addition, the education of each patient regarding the serious, potential drug-herb interactions should be a routine component of preoperative assessment. The American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA), suggests that all herbal medications should be discontinued 2 to 3 weeks before an elective surgical procedure. If the patient is not sure of the contents of the herbal medicine, he or she should be urged to bring the container so that the anesthesiologist can review the contents of the herb or preparation. Although this idea holds some promise in the elective-care settings, anesthetic care in emergency settings should be based on a thorough drug-intake history from the patient or a relative, if possible. Unfortunately, the anesthesia literature has not addressed this new group of health supplements, despite many of these drugs having the potential to cause serious health problems and drug-herb interactions. There is a need to conduct additional scientific clinical trials to study the anesthetic responses to commonly used nutraceutical agents. ER  - 
Pharmacological Treatment of Adolescent Major Depression$$$ Antidepressant agents are widely prescribed for adolescents, although specific data regarding their efficacy in this age range are limited. The aims of the present article are to review research findings regarding the use of antidepressant drugs for adolescent depression and to discuss the main results in light of our clinical experience. Only 13 controlled trials on the use of antidepressant drugs for adolescent major depression are available in the literature. Six studies evaluated the efficacy of tricyclic antidepressants, yet they only included 196 adolescents altogether. Seven studies, including a total of 1,403 patients, evaluated the efficacy of three specific serotonin reuptake inhibitors: fluoxetine, paroxetine, and sertraline. Based on published data, serotonin reuptake inhibitors appear to be the first-line psychopharmacologic treatment for adolescent depression, as three compounds (fluoxetine, paroxetine, and sertraline) appeared to be effective in this indication. Conversely, all published studies failed to demonstrate that the tricyclic antidepressants were superior to placebo. Several questions remain open and are discussed: How should we use available scientific data in clinical practice? Are there nonspecific factors implicated in treatment response? Is there a serotonin hypothesis for juvenile depression? What are the priorities for future research? ER  - 
The Off-Label Use of Clozapine in Adolescents with Bipolar Disorder, Intermittent Explosive Disorder, or Posttraumatic Stress Disorder$$$ Objective: There are limited data in the literature regarding clozapine use in adolescents with diagnoses other than schizophrenia. This report describes the use of clozapine in adolescents with diagnoses of bipolar disorder, intermittent explosive disorder (IED), and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Methods: A chart review of 39 adolescents treated with clozapine at two residential facilities was undertaken. Data extraction included demography, illness variables, medication information, and clinical outcomes. Categorical outcomes were analyzed using contingency statistics, and continuous variables were analyzed using a paired t test. Results: The cohort included 26 females and 13 males with a mean age of 14 years. Clozapine was titrated slowly, and the mean daily dose was 102 mg. The diagnoses included bipolar disorder (n = 7), IED (n = 9), and PTSD (n = 19). There were significant reductions in polypharmacy once the clozapine dosage was stabilized. Prior to clozapine treatment, nearly 70% of the subjects were receiving either mood-stabilizing or antidepressant agents in combination with the previous antipsychotic drug. Once the clozapine dosage was stabilized, only 24% of the subjects required concomitant mood stabilizers (p < 0.001), and only 21% of the subjects required concomitant antidepressants (p < 0.001). Anxiolytic medication use was also significantly reduced during clozapine treatment. Most patients were discharged to a less restrictive setting. Eight subjects discontinued clozapine due to agranulocytosis (n = 1), neutropenia (n = 2), excessive weight gain (n = 2), or not requiring it long term (n = 1), and data were unavailable in 2 subjects. Significant weight gain (5% or greater change from base-line) was noted in 20 subjects. Conclusions: Clozapine, in relatively modest doses, appears to have clinical benefits for adolescent with bipolar disorder, IED, and PTSD. There is no labeled indication for clozapine use in these disorders. Clozapine is also associated with serious side effects in subsets of individuals. Therefore, a very careful evaluation of the risk-to-benefit ratio in each individual subject being considered for clozapine is highly recommended. ER  - 
Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor-Related Extrapyramidal Symptoms in Autistic Children: A Case Series$$$ Abnormal movements occur rarely with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). This report describes four consecutive autistic children who developed extrapyramidal side effects (EPS) following SSRI exposure. Videotapes, physician notes, and parental interviews were used retrospectively to rate symptoms on the Extrapyramidal Symptom Rating Scale. Findings suggest that EPS is a potential complication of SSRI treatment in autistic children. ER  - 
Absence of Cortical Gray Matter Abnormalities in Psychosis of Epilepsy: A Voxel-Based MRI Study in Patients with Temporal Lobe Epilepsy$$$ The authors retrospectively explored cortical differences between 26 patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and psychosis of epilepsy (POE), 24 patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) alone, and 20 healthy comparison subjects. Using voxel-based morphometry based on statistical parametric mapping (SPM99), which is an unbiased and fully automated technique to test for morphometric differences, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) 3D-datasets were acquired and analyzed. There were no significant cortical gray matter differences between the POE and the TLE group. Since cortical pathology is prominent in schizophrenia, POE may be a clinical entity separate from schizophrenia. ER  - 
Myasthenia gravis$$$ Myasthenia gravis is a disorder of neuromuscular transmission, manifest by variable weakness of skeletal muscle. The disorder has a range of therapies that differ with respect to efficacy, timing, and side effects. The physician treating myasthenia gravis must be well versed in understanding the evidence basis for using these agents, as well as the trade-offs between persistent disease manifestations and their costs and expected benefits. Diagnosis of myasthenia gravis depends on recognizing the pattern of weakness, which typically involves some combination of extraocular, bulbar, facial, limb, and neck muscles. Management relies on some combination of medications that influence the function of the neuromuscular junction and treatments that aller the immune response. Thymectomy is commonly used, although trends in evidence-based medicine are leading expert clinicians to look closely at its efficacy. Plasma exchange is useful for patients in crisis, who require rapid improvement. The exact role for high-dose intravenous immunoglobulin in this setting is still being studied, although the agent is gaining popularity. Knowing that the treatments are effective is not enough. It is still important to determine the treatment that has a more rapid onset, because these patients often require intensive care or respiratory assistance. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Antidepressants and sexual dysfunction$$$ Because antidepressant medication is known to cause sexual side effects, physicians who put their patients on antidepressant therapy should counsel them on the possible sexual side effects. Familiarity with other drugs that lessen these side effects might increase patient adherence to treatment. © 2004 American Society for Reproductive Medicine Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Selection of Atypical Antipsychotics for the Management of Schizophrenia$$$ OBJECTIVE: To review the evidence for selecting one atypical antipsychotic agent over another for management of schizophrenia. DATA SOURCES: A literature search of MEDLINE (1966-June 2003), EMBASE (1998-June 2003), and the Cochrane Library was conducted using the following terms: schizophrenia, quetiapine, ziprasidone, olanzapine, aripiprazole, and risperidone. Bibliographies of relevant articles were hand-searched for additional references. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Prospective, randomized, blinded trials and meta-analyses that directly or indirectly compared ≥2 atypical antipsychotic agents in the management of schizophrenia are included in this review. Studies comparing an atypical agent with clozapine are not included. DATA SYNTHESIS: A small number of prospective, randomized, blinded trials that compare efficacy and tolerability of olanzapine and risperidone have been published. These trials did not reveal clinically meaningful differences in efficacy but did confirm that their adverse effect profiles are slightly different (more weight gain with olanzapine and more extrapyramidal reactions with risperidone). Direct comparisons between other atypical antipsychotics are not available. Systematic reviews (indirect comparisons) of placebo-controlled or traditional antipsychotic-controlled trials suggest similar efficacy for quetiapine, olanzapine, and risperidone when placebo is the comparator and inferior efficacy of quetiapine compared to olanzapine and risperidone when haloperidol is the comparator. The few available economic analyses are difficult to interpret in light of current practice. CONCLUSIONS: Additional randomized, blinded clinical trials directly comparing efficacy, tolerability, and cost-effectiveness are needed to confirm the proposed differences among atypical antipsychotic agents before recommendations can be made with confidence. ER  - 
Pain Management in Trauma Patients$$$ Trauma is a major cause of mortality throughout the world. In recent years, major advances have been made in the management of trauma, the end result of which has been reduced mortality and enhanced function. One of these areas is pain control. Improved pain management has not only led to increased comfort in trauma patients, but has also been shown to reduce morbidity and improve long-term outcomes. This review focuses on the treatment of pain in the setting of acute injury and on pain management in trauma patients who go on to develop chronic pain. Emphasis is placed on pharmacologic interventions, invasive and noninvasive pain management techniques, analgesia in challenging patients, and pain control in commonly encountered trauma conditions. ER  - 
Pediatric sleep pharmacology: You want to give my kid sleeping pills?$$$ There is a need for greater information about the pharmacologic management of sleep disorders in children. Pharmacologic guidelines must be developed specifically for sleep disorders in children. Ideally, these guidelines should be approved by the Food and Drug Administration for a specific sleep disorder or for the pediatric age range. This approval prevents physicians from being forced to prescribe medications as an "off label" indication. Development of easy-to-swallow, chewable, or liquid forms of these medications would be well received by parents everywhere. When these are not available, instructions for compounding these medications into a suspension by pharmacists are needed. Integration of behavioral and pharmacologic treatments may yield better patient outcomes. This approach requires pediatricians to have a comprehensive understanding of clinical sleep disorders in children. Training programs should play the lead role in enhancing pediatricians' knowledge of the pharmacologic treatment of sleep disorders in children. ER  - 
A Randomized Evaluation of the Effects of Six Antipsychotic Agents on QTc, In the Absence and Presence of Metabolic Inhibition$$$ Many drugs have been associated with QTc prolongation and, in some cases, this is augmented by concomitant administration with metabolic inhibitors. The effects of 6 antipsychotics on the QTc interval at and around the time of estimated peak plasma/serum concentrations in the absence and presence of metabolic inhibition were characterized in a prospective, randomized study in which patients with psychotic disorders reached steady-state on either haloperidol 15 mg/d (n = 27), thioridazine 300 mg/d (n = 30), ziprasidone 160 mg/d (n = 31), quetiapine 750 mg/d (n = 27), olanzapine 20 mg/d (n = 24), or risperidone 6-8 mg/d increased to 16 mg/d (n = 25/20). Electrocardiograms (ECGs) were done at estimated Cmax at steady-state on both antipsychotic monotherapy and after concomitant administration of appropriate cytochrome P-450 (CYP450) inhibitor(s). Mean QTc intervals did not exceed 500 milliseconds in any patient taking any of the antipsychotics studied, in the absence or presence of metabolic inhibition. The mean QTc interval change was greatest in the thioridazine group, both in the presence and absence of metabolic inhibition. The presence of metabolic inhibition did not significantly augment QTc prolongation associated with any agent. Each of the antipsychotics studied was associated with measurable QTc prolongation at steady-state peak plasma concentrations, which was not augmented by metabolic inhibition. The theoretical risk of cardiotoxicity associated with QTc prolongation should be balanced against the substantial clinical benefits associated with atypical antipsychotics and the likelihood of other toxicities. ER  - 
High dose chlorambucil in the treatment of lymphoid malignancies$$$ High dose chlorambucil has been shown to be an effective single-agent treatment in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), and to be useful as part of combination chemotherapy in low-grade non-Hodgkin's (NHL) and Hodgkin's disease (HD). In general, it is well tolerated and can be used in an outpatient setting. The optimum dose of chlorambucil has not been defined and there are numerous different dosing schedules available. Pharmacokinetic studies suggest decreased bioavailability with successive cycles, probably due to accelerated metabolism. There is good evidence that regimens which use higher doses of chlorambucil have a better outcome than standard dose therapy. Most of the trials which have compared cblorambucil with fludarabine have not used a higher dose regimen of chlorambucil and cannot truly be described as comparative. There is an increase in the incidence of grade 3 and 4 neutropenia and also of sepsis with fludarabine treatment, compared to chlorambucil. Fludarabine produces a higher initial response rate in CLL but no statistical difference has been shown in long term survival between fludarabine and high dose chlorambucil. In the treatment of lymphoma, single agent chlorambucil does not confer a durable remission. There have been good results with combination chemotherapy regimens such as CID and PECC. The oral route of administration of these combinations makes them particularly useful as part of palliative chemotherapy. A further point to consider is that chlorambucil is very much cheaper than fludarabine and other newer agents. Chlorambucil should not automatically be overlooked in favor of more recently developed drugs such as fludarabine. There is good evidence that the drug is an effective treatment at a suitable dose, and there is a need for randomized trials to compare it fully with other current treatments. ER  - 
Trigeminal neuralgia and glossopharyngeal neuralgia$$$ Trigeminal neuralgia and glossopharyngeal neuralgia are extremely painful conditions that typically afflict an older population. Distinct clinical characteristics guide the diagnosis of these unique syndromes. Treatment involves medication first and then surgical procedures if a patient is refractory to medicinal therapy. Antiepileptic medications are the most effective agents for these disorders. ER  - 
Atypical antipsychotics: Pharmacokinetics, therapeutic drug monitoring and pharmacological interactions$$$ The development of new "atypical" antipsychotic agents, which are safer than classical neuroleptics and also active against the negative symptoms and neurocognitive deficits caused by the illness, has produced a significant advancement in the treatment of schizophrenia. The atypical (or "second generation") antipsychotics have several therapeutical properties in common, however they can significantly differ with regard to clinical potency and side effects. The main features regarding pharmacodynamics, pharmacokinetics and pharmacological interactions of the most important atypical antipsychotics, namely clozapine, olanzapine, quetiapine and risperidone, are treated herein. Several analytical methods available for the therapeutic drug monitoring of these drugs are also presented, as well as the novel formulations, which can notably improve the therapy of schizophrenia. Other very recent atypical agents, such as ziprasidone, aripiprazole, iloperidone, sertindole and zotepine will also be briefly described. ER  - 
A critical review of atypical antipsychotic utilization: Comparing monotherapy with polypharmacy and augmentation$$$ The atypical antipsychotics risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone, and aripiprazole have become first-line treatment for schizophrenia because they reduce the positive symptoms of psychosis but do not have a high incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms. However, these agents, like other antipsychotics, may take as long as 16 or more weeks to produce a response, and even with prolonged treatment are unlikely to evoke responses greater than 50% improvement in symptoms. This has led to the experimental use of high atypical antipsychotic doses, antipsychotic polypharmacy, and augmentation with other psychotropic drugs, all of which occur commonly in clinical practice. This article reviews the current evidence for these increasingly common means of treating schizophrenia and psychosis, with particular emphasis on polypharmacy and augmentation. To date, there are only two controlled studies of antipsychotic polypharmacy involving an atypical antipsychotic; the rest of the data are uncontrolled trials and case reports that describe a mixture of positive and negative findings. One multicenter, double-blind trial shows a faster onset of action when divalproex is added to risperidone or olanzapine than with antipsychotic monotherapy. A small double-blind study demonstrates efficacy when lamotrigine is added to clozapine. The rest of the data on augmentation with anticonvulsants are uncontrolled, and most report adverse effects. With the exception of divalproex, there are currently no compelling data to justify the use of antipsychotic polypharmacy or augmentation. Existing evidence suggests that the best treatments for schizophrenia and psychosis may be long-term trials of a sequence of atypical antipsychotic monotherapies at therapeutic doses. ER  - 
Naturalistic studies of second generation antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia$$$ Undoubtedly, the pharmacological treatment of schizophrenia has changed dramatically over the last 10 years. Large, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials have ushered the availability of each new antipsychotic. However, there has been an information lag because of the relative paucity of long term, comparative studies among second-generation antipsychotics. While we await such evidence, naturalistic studies have helped to provide useful information on the pattern of use, patient response, and tolerability of these new agents in clinical practice. This review provides an account of representative studies for each second generation antipsychotic, which illustrate the contributions of naturalistic studies to our understanding of the evolving pharmacotherapy of schizophrenia. ER  - 
The NMDA receptor NR2B subunit: A valid therapeutic target for multiple CNS pathologies$$$ The NMDAR2B subunit is the focus of increasing interest as a therapeutic target in a wide range of CNS pathologies, including acute and chronic pain, stroke and head trauma, drug-induced dyskinesias, and dementias. Due to significant pharmaceutical endeavor, an impressive collection of chemical leads has been developed which target the NR2B subunit, some of which appear to discriminate between closely related subtypes. We now have the benefit of a structural template for the ifenprodil binding site which should further improve future structure activity relationships. A growing appreciation of the likely extrasynaptic localisation of the NR2B receptor subtype and importance of NR2B protein modification, notably tyrosine phosphorylation, may explain its therapeutic importance. The apparent superior preclinical and clinical data for the second and third generation NR2B compounds is likely to reflect subtype selectivity, a unique mode of action and cellular location of the NR2B receptors in the CNS. ER  - 
A retrospective data analysis of the impact of the New York triplicate prescription program on benzodiazepine use in medicaid patients with chronic psychiatric and neurologic disorders$$$ Background: Benzodiazepines are treatment mainstays for several disorders, but there is often concern about dependency and addiction. In January 1989, New York implemented regulations requiring physicians to order benzodiazepines using state-monitored triplicate prescription forms. Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of the triplicate prescription program (TPP) on changes in use of benzodiazepines and other psychoactive drugs in clinically vulnerable Medicaid populations. Methods: Using an interrupted time series with comparison series design, psychoactive medication use was examined in the New York (intervention) and New Jersey (control) Medicaid programs before and after implementation of the New York benzodiazepine TPP among community-dwelling Medicaid beneficiaries aged ≥19 years continuously enrolled from January 1988 through December 1990 in New York or New Jersey with diagnoses of schizophrenia, schizophreniform disorder, schizoaffective disorder, schizoid personality disorder, or schizotypal personality disorder; bipolar disorder; epilepsy; and/or panic disorder, agoraphobia without history of panic disorder, social phobia, or specific phobia. Results: A total of 125,837 New York and 139,405 New Jersey Medicaid beneficiaries were continuously enrolled and met the study inclusion criteria. Of these, there were 6054 Medicaid enrollees in New York and 6875 enrollees in New Jersey who were clinically vulnerable patients with ≥1 of the specified diagnoses. New York Medicaid patients with any of these diagnoses experienced a -48.1% relative change (95% CI, -50.0% to -46.2%) in benzodiazepine use at 6 months after TPP implementation, with no decline in use in New Jersey patients. The largest reduction in benzodiazepine use was seen among patients with seizure disorder (-59.9% at 6 months; 95% CI, -63.9% to -55.9%). Although use of substitute drugs increased slightly in New York after the TPP, it did not offset reductions in benzodiazepine use. The effects of TPP were sustained for 7 years of follow-up and had the greatest impact on nonproblematic benzodiazepine use. Conclusions: During the time period studied in this analysis, the New York TPP reduced benzodiazepine use among chronically ill patients for whom these agents represent effective treatment. Our findings suggest that many patients previously receiving benzodiazepines did not receive any pharmacologic intervention. Copyright © 2004 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Cigarette smoking and the periodontal patient$$$ Evidence from cross-sectional and case-control studies in various populations demonstrates that adult smokers are approximately three times as likely as non-smokers to have periodontitis. The association between smoking and attachment loss is even stronger when the definition of periodontitis is restricted to the most severely affected subjects. Smokers have a diminished response to periodontal therapy and show approximately half as much improvement in probing depths and clinical attachment levels following non-surgical and various surgical modalities of therapy. Implant failures in smokers are twice those of non-smokers, with a higher failure rate in the maxillary are accounting for the majority of the difference. Tobacco-induced alterations in microbial and host factors contribute to these deleterious effects of smoking on the periodontium. In longitudinal studies, the rate of periodontal disease progression is increased in smokers, but decreases to that of a non-smoker following tobacco cessation. Likewise, recent non-smokers respond to periodontal therapy in a manner similar to patients who have never smoked. Data regarding the impact of smoking on periodontal status included in this review will be helpful to dental health professionals as they counsel their patients regarding tobacco use. The role of dental health professionals in tobacco cessation is discussed, including the use of the five A's: ask - identify tobacco users; advise - advise them to quit; assess - evaluate the patient's readiness to quit; assist - offer assistance in cessation; and arrange - follow up on the patient's cessation efforts. The addition of pharmacotherapy to behavioral therapy, including nicotine replacement therapy and bupropion, can increase cessation rates. The most popular form of nicotine replacement therapy is the patch, and its use has been shown to double cessation rates compared to behavioral therapy alone. Use of bupropion in combination with nicotine replacement therapy may be particularly helpful for heavy smokers or smokers who have experienced multiple failed attempts at cessation. The American Academy of Periodontology Parameters of Care include tobacco cessation as a part of periodontal therapy, and the 2000 Surgeon General's Report on Oral Health in America encourages dental professionals to become more active in tobacco cessation counseling. Doing so will have far-reaching positive effects on our patients' oral and general health. ER  - 
A multicenter, randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled, 6-month trial of bupropion hydrochloride sustained-release tablets as an aid to smoking cessation in hospital employees$$$ Despite changes in smoking behavior, one-third of the Danish population continues to smoke. Many of these smokers are hospital employees. This 6-month, multicenter, parallel group, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluated treatment with bupropion hydrochloride sustained release (Zyban) compared with placebo as an aid to smoking cessation in health care workers. A total of 336 hospital employees who smoked at least 10 cigarettes daily were randomized (2:1) to 7 weeks of treatment with bupropion (n=222) or placebo (n=114). All participants were motivated to quit smoking and received behavioral counseling. Continuous smoking abstinence during weeks 4-7 was the primary endpoint, and long-term smoking abstinence was among the secondary endpoints. Of the original participants, 212 completed the 6-month trial. Continuous smoking abstinence at week 7 was achieved by 43% in the bupropion group and 18% in the placebo group, p<.001. After 26 weeks, 18% and 7%, respectively, were continuously abstinent, p=.008. Side-effects were frequent but simple and reversible in both groups, and generally consistent with the findings of previous studies. Dizziness, insomnia, and pruritus appeared more frequently in the bupropion group than in the placebo group. Bupropion was effective as an aid to smoking cessation in a broad group of hospital employees in Denmark. © 2004 Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco. ER  - 
Bupropion Sustained Release Treatment Reduces Fatigue in Cancer Patients$$$ Objective: To demonstrate that bupropion sustained release (SR) can reduce the symptoms of fatigue experienced by cancer patients. Method: We studied an open-label case series of outpatients with fatigue referred for psychiatric assessment from a tertiary care cancer centre. Inclusion criteria were the presence of fatigue or depression with marked fatigue. Clinical status was assessed using the Global Clinical Improvement scale. Results: Fifteen subjects with various cancer sites and psychiatric diagnoses were treated with bupropion SR (modal dose 150 mg) for up to 2 years. Most (13 of 15) saw improvement. Thirteen patients had minor, expectable side effects, and 10 patients were able to continue with bupropion for an extended time. All subjects who improved showed improvement within 2 to 4 weeks. Conclusions: This is the first report that shows bupropion SR can reduce fatigue in cancer patients. Controlled studies with more homogeneous samples would be necessary to establish the efficacy of this intervention. Further studies should address whether this effect of bupropion is separate from its action as an antidepressant. ER  - 
Escitalopram$$$ Escitalopram, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) was recently approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of major depression. This chapter reviews preclinical and clinical studies with escitalopram, focusing on its therapeutic profile of action and tolerability. Escitalopram is the S-enantiomer of the racemic SSRI citalopram. It has been proposed that the S-enantiomer of citalopram is the isomer that holds antidepressant efficacy, and that the R-enantiomer is clinically inactive; preclinical and clinical data support this. Based on in vitro radioligand binding data, escitalopram is the most selective SSRI available. Hypotheses that escitalopram has a more rapid onset of action or fewer adverse effects than citalopram have not yet been fully documented in published studies, although its profile is at least comparable to citalopram. Escitalopram is more effective than placebo in the treatment of major depression and as effective as other SSRIs, including citalopram. Comparable to other SSRIs, it is well tolerated, safe in overdose and has a low incidence of adverse effects or drug interactions. © 2004 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Medical Treatment of Ulcerative Colitis$$$ Ulcerative colitis is a chronic inflammatory disease of the colon with an increasing incidence worldwide. The medical management of this disease continues to expand as drugs to induce and maintain remission are sought to avoid the need for colectomy. This article will review the standard of care for the treatment of mild, moderate, and severe ulcerative colitis. The efficacy, optimal usage, and adverse events profile of agents such as 5-aminosalicylates, corticosteroids, azathioprine, and cyclosporine will be discussed and an algorithm for their use will be developed. Alternative and experimental therapies such as monoclonal antibodies, probiotics, and heparin will also be addressed. ER  - 
Paradoxical results in the cure of chronic illness: The "burden of normality" as exemplified following seizure surgery$$$ Little has been written about processes of recovery following life-changing medical interventions for chronic illness. This article reviews our research with chronic epilepsy patients undergoing neurosurgery for the relief of intractable partial seizures. This research has given rise to a new conceptualization of adjustment and outcome following effective treatment of chronic illness, representing the first, detailed characterization of this process from a psychological and psychosocial perspective. Crucial to outcome are patient and family expectations prior to treatment, and learning to discard roles associated with chronic illness after treatment. These and the posttreatment affective functioning of the patient temper the view of medical outcome, and can account for paradoxical clinical effects, such as worsening patient psychosocial functioning in the context of medical treatment success. Our results have clear implications for the clinical management of chronically ill patients and their families to optimize treatment outcome. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation: Mood and cognitive effects$$$ Many antiepileptic medications modulate affective and cognitive functions. In keeping with these observations, a growing body of literature suggests that vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) may have similar effects. This review evaluates the published evidence for VNS-associated changes in mood and cognition in patients with neuropsychiatric disorders. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cognitive side effects of antiepileptic drugs$$$ Antiepileptic drugs produce global changes in the excitation levels in the central nervous system and often lead to cognitive and behavioral deficits. These deficits vary and must be considered independently in every patient. A number of consistent risk factors have been established. Polypharmacy and high blood levels of an antiepileptic drug (AED) increase the risk of cognitive side effects. Different effects have been demonstrated for some AEDs, but comparative data are incomplete across all of them. Other factors such as patient age and type/frequency of seizures may also be important contributors to the patient's cognitive state. AEDs can have positive or negative effects on mood, providing another consideration in choosing the course of treatment. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mood effects of antiepileptic drugs$$$ This article reviews our knowledge about a specific subgroup of chronic CNS-related side effects of antiepileptic drugs (AED) treatment, i.e., the effects of AEDs on mood. In line with a recent hypothesis, using the experience of AED treatment in psychiatry, we examined whether mood effects are related to the known anticonvulsant mechanisms of action of the AEDs. Specifically we examined whether AEDs, acting through potentiation of GABAergic neurotransmitter release, have "sedating" effects on mood, whereas AEDs that act through the reduction of excitatory glutamate neurotransmitter release have "activating" effects on mood. The results of this review yield evidence that there are relationships between the known anticonvulsant mechanisms of action of the AEDs and mood effects. Mood effects occur especially when the drugs have a sustained effect on neuronal mechanisms, in particular when the inhibitory or excitatory neurotransmitter release is altered. Drugs with "use-dependent" impact on sodium or calcium channels probably have a more transient impact and do not lead to interictal stable mood effects. Drugs with multiple mechanisms of action seem to combine a favorable efficacy profile with an increased risk of severe mood problems. The quality of the evidence, however, is not conclusive and there are many paradoxical results. One reason for this lack of "fit" may be the use in this review of a simplified classification, based only on the predominant mechanism of action to classify a drug. Only a limited number of AEDs (ethosuximide, tiagabine) are characterized by a single anticonvulsant mechanism of action. Probably more detailed coupling of mechanisms of action (e.g., inspecting the type and route of impact on GABA release) and mood effects may give less confusing results. The use of magnetic resonance imaging techniques such as spectroscopy may provide interesting results. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antiepileptic drugs in migraine prophylaxis: State of the art$$$ Antiepileptic drugs have proven their efficacy in the prophylactic treatment of migraine. Our study comprises a clinical trial that examines the efficacy of gabapentin and topiramate and a description of the pharmacologic characteristics and the efficacy of tiagabine, lamotrigine, levetiracetam and zonisamide. Antiepileptic drugs have multiple modes of action which can explain their efficacy in reducing neuronal excitability which is proven in epilepsy and postulated in migraine. The relationship between epilepsy and migraine has, in fact, been much debated but never convincingly proven. Antiepileptic drugs coud be useful in migraine prophylaxis as some of these have determined a reduction in the monthly frequency and intensity of crises in subjects suffering from migraine with and without aura. These are the aims that have been proposed by the U.S. Headache Consortium Evidence-Based Guidelines. Further double-blind placebo-controlled studies are necessary in order to assess their safety and efficacy. ER  - 
Psychiatry$$$ The publication of an important study on the psychopharmacological strategy of intervention in a very early stage of schizophrenic disorders provides the opportunity to outline the main points of this field of secondary prevention. This publication focuses on the first form of secondary prevention, targeting the intervention in the transitional stage between the prodromic stage and the active psychotic stage. The other forms of secondary prevention deal with the diminishing of the length of the untreated active psychotic stage and of the treated active psychotic stage. As the role of second-generation antipsychotics cannot be ignored, we will review the theoretical and practical implications. Moreover, it is important that prescribers be aware of the problems of weight gain and diabetes mellitus that can be induced by this kind of treatment. Finally, in a different domain, clinical studies suggest the possible therapeutic interest of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of mood disorders. ER  - 
Combination of "atypical" antipsychotic medication in the management of treatment-resistant schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder$$$ Background: This article reviews the published clinical data on treatment-resistant schizophrenic and schizoaffective patients managed with combinations of "atypical" antipsychotic medication. Method: A computerized MEDLINE literature search covering an 18-year period (1985-2003) was conducted. All pertinent papers on the subject of the use of combination "atypical" antipsychotic medication in the management of treatment-resistant schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder were obtained with subsequent analysis and discussion of the retrieved data. Results: The search identified 29 case reports and case series reports (172 patients) and one double-blind placebo-controlled trial (28 patients) describing the use of combination "atypical" antipsychotic medication (clozapine- risperidone; clozapine-sulpiride; clozapine-olanzapine; clozapine-quetiapine; olanzapine-sulpiride; olanzapine-quetiapine; risperidone-olanzapine; risperidone-quetiapine) in the treatment of resistant schizophrenic and schizoaffective patients. An overview of results suggests that the combinations were beneficial in the described patients with reduction of positive symptoms and occasionally negative symptoms. Significant adverse effects, while rare, were reported in a few cases and did not appear to different in nature from those managed on monotherapeutic regimens. Conclusion: Combinations of "atypical" antipsychotic medications are well tolerated and may be effective in the management of treatment refractory schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. However, further double-blind placebo-controlled trials are required in order to test and confirm these observations. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adjunctive dexamethasone treatment in acute bacterial meningitis$$$ The initiation of antibiotic treatment on suspicion of bacterial meningitis is important, but it is not enough to improve the prognosis for patients, especially those with pneumococcal meningitis. The mortality and morbidity of pneumococcal meningitis are still devastating, and results of a recent randomised trial have shown evidence in favour of dexamethasone treatment given before or with the first antibiotic dose. Adjuvant dexamethasone is unequivocally recommended in children and adults with haemophilus meningitis or pneumococcal meningitis. The benefit of adjunctive dexamethasone is likely to be greatest in patients who are otherwise healthy and present early with acute bacterial meningitis. Dexamethasone is not currently recommended for the treatment of gram-negative bacillary meningitis and neonatal meningitis. Dexamethasone, before or with the first dose of antibiotic, is likely to be one of the most significant practice changes that will benefit many adults and children with common types of acute bacterial meningitis and has been of proven value in the developed world. ER  - 
Depression and Altered Quality of Life in Women with Epilepsy of Childbearing Age$$$ Purpose: To calculate the prevalence of depression in a referral population of women of childbearing age, to define the factors associated with depression, and to assess health-related quality of life (HRQOL) in the same population. Methods: The 642 consecutive women with epilepsy aged 18-55 years were enrolled by 40 neurologists over an 8-month period and asked to give details on selected demographic and clinical features regarding the disease, any associated clinical condition, and any drug treatment. Depression was diagnosed by using the Hamilton depression scale and HRQOL was measured through the SF-36 form. Demographic, clinical, and therapeutic risk factors for depression were searched for within the study population. Results: Depression (any severity) was present at interview in 242 women, giving a prevalence rate of 37.7% [95% confidence interval (CI), 33.9-41.6]. Mild depression was reported by 18.5% of women, moderate depression by 8.6%, major depression by 10.3%, and severe depression by 0.3%. Factors found to be independently associated with depression (any severity) included treatment of associated conditions [relative risk (RR), 1.5; 95% CI, 1.2-1.8), concurrent disability (RR, 1.3; 95% CI, 1.0-1.6), seizures in the preceding 6 months (RR, 1.4; 95% CI, 1.1-1.7), and being unemployed or a housewife (RR, 1.3; 95% CI, 1.0-1.5). Factors associated with moderate to severe depression included treatment for associated conditions (RR, 2.0; 95% CI, 1.4-2.7), seizures in the preceding 6 months (RR, 1.7; 95% CI, 1.2-2.5), and being unemployed or a housewife (RR, 1. 6; 95% CI, 1.1-2.2). Compared with normal women of similar age, patients with epilepsy tended to present lower scores for each HRQOL domain (mostly Role Physical, General Health, Social Functioning, and Role Emotional). However, when the analysis was limited to nondepressed women with epilepsy, any difference disappeared. Conclusions: Women with epilepsy of childbearing age are at high risk of depression. Factors associated with depression include lack of occupation, the presence of an underlying disabling condition (with treatment), and the severity of epilepsy. Compared with the general population, depressed women have greater impairment of HRQOL with epilepsy, which reflects the physical, social, and emotional implications of the disease. ER  - 
Current therapy of ulcerative colitis in children$$$ Ulcerative colitis presents in childhood in 10% of those affected, usually with pancolitis. Important features in management include growth, development and avoidance of treatment toxicity. This review addresses the current treatment options including both the paediatric evidence-based experience and areas where paediatric practice is informed by adult studies. Standard treatments include sulfasalazine or 5-aminosalicylates, corticosteroids, purine derivatives (azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine) and surgery. Other immunosuppressant therapies and the emerging roles for biological therapies and probiotics are discussed. ER  - 
Current pharmacological treatments for nicotine dependence$$$ There are nearly 1.1 billion users of nicotine and tobacco products worldwide. Tobacco use through cigarette smoking is the leading preventable cause of death in the world and kills nearly four million people annually. However, although some cigarette smokers are able to quit, many are not, and standard medications to assist in smoking cessation (e.g. nicotine-replacement therapies and sustained-release bupropion) are ineffective in many remaining smokers. Recent developments in our understanding of the neurobiology of nicotine dependence have identified several neurotransmitter systems that might contribute to the process of smoking maintenance and relapse, including dopamine, noradrenaline, 5-hydroxytryptamine, acetylcholine, endogenous opioids, GABA, glutamate and endocannabinoids. Several existing medications are being tested as treatments for nicotine dependence and novel investigational agents are under development as effective treatments for nicotine dependence in the 'hard to treat' tobacco user. ER  - 
Medical aspects of drug use in the gym$$$ Use of performance-enhancing drugs by athletes and bodybuilders appears to be common in the UK. Although there are no comprehensive national figures, there is evidence that such drugs are also widely used in sections of the general and gym-using populations, in the expectation of physical and cosmetic benefits. Use of performance-enhancing drugs often takes place with little knowledge or acceptance of potential harmful effects, and clinicians in many settings may see patients who are experiencing problems related to such (usually covert) use. Here we consider medical aspects of performance-enhancing drugs. ER  - 
Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: An Overview of Empirically Based Treatments$$$ The author first presents an overview of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) as it presents in adolescents. He reviews what is known about the predominantly inattentive subtype in adolescents, the persistence of symptoms into this developmental phase, and comorbid disorders in adolescent patients with ADHD. The author then reviews treatments for adolescents with ADHD for which there is some empirical support in the scientific literature. He first discusses common assumptions concerning the treatment of ADHD and evidence for or against these assumptions. Information on therapies that have been shown to be ineffective or the benefit of which is unproven are then described. These include cognitive-behavioral therapy and social skills training. The author then presents an overview of what is known about the medication treatment of ADHD and discusses how this information is applicable to adolescents with the disorder. Four main classes of drugs are discussed: stimulants, noradrenergic reuptake inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, and antihypertensive agents. The author then reviews the use of several psychosocial interventions, including contingency management strategies, parent training in behavior management methods, and teacher training in classroom management, and discusses how these strategies can best be used for adolescents with ADHD. The author then discusses the use of combined treatment with psychosocial interventions and medication. Finally, information on the use of physical exercise as therapy for adolescents with ADHD is discussed. ER  - 
The role of pharmacotherapy in the management of behaviour disorders in traumatic brain injury patients$$$ The aim of this paper was to systematically review the research published in English language on the effectiveness of drugs for the treatment of neurobehavioural disorders in patients with traumatic brain injury (TBI). A literature search using Medline, Pre-Medline, Embase, Psychlit and Cochrane Library databases between 1990 and January 2003 as well as a hand search of Brain Injury since 1996 were carried out. Phrases such as 'head injury', 'brain injury', 'drug treatment', 'drug trials' and 'randomized controlled trials' were used. Sixty-three papers were selected for data synthesis. Of these, 13 were randomized controlled trials, eight were prospective observational studies, four were retrospective studies, 25 were case series and 13 were single case studies. There was a dearth of type I-III evidence. There was no strong evidence either way to suggest that drugs are effective in the treatment of behaviour disorders in patients with TBI. However, there was weak evidence, primarily based on case studies that psychostimulants are effective in the treatment of apathy, inattention and slowness; high dose beta-blockers in the treatment of agitation and aggression; anti-convulsants and anti-depressants (particularly SSRIs) in the treatment of agitation and aggression, particularly in the context of an affective disorder; and possibly a specific neuroleptic methotrimeprazine in the treatment of agitation in the post-acute stage of Acquired Brain Injury. Some drugs that are effective in some patients have been shown to be ineffective in others. Some drugs, particularly lithium and dopaminergic drugs could cause adverse effects and deterioration in some patients. ER  - 
Comorbidity and epilepsy$$$ Comorbidity is common inpatients with epilepsy; particularly other neurological, psychiatric, and endocrine disorders as well as injuries and increased mortality may complicate the course of epilepsy. Comorbidity in epilepsy represents challenges for both diagnosis and treatment. Therapeutic strategies may need to be modified to avoid potential drug interactions. Depression in epilepsy is very common, particularly among patients with partial seizures of temporal lobe origin. Despite its high prevalence, depression remains often unrecognized and untreated in patients with epilepsy. Other psychiatric conditions such as psychosis, panic disorders, autism, and psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are also frequently found in patients with epilepsy. Recent studies have shown that seizure outcome in PNES remains poor. The risk of migraine in epilepsy is also increased, in particular in individuals with heod trauma, partial seizures, and a positive family history of migraine. Furthermore, reproductive endocrine disorders and sexual dysfunction are common among women and men with epilepsy. This may be attributable to epilepsy itself, effects of antiepileptic drugs on endocrine function, and/or psychosocial factors. Patients with seizure disorders are also at increased risk for injuries and death. Comorbidity of epilepsy and other conditions may be due to shared pathophysiological mechanisms, however, coincidence or selection bias cannot always be excluded. Unfortunately, iatrogenic factors may also contribute to the comorbidity in patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Sevoflurane versus propofol for induction of anaesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized crossover trial$$$ Propofol is often used to induce anaesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy. Some patients who receive propofol have fits of poor quality or inadequate duration despite increasing electroconvulsive therapy doses. Sevoflurane has been reported to exhibit pro-convulsant properties in some "at-risk" patients during anaesthesia for other procedures. The purpose of this study was to perform a randomized crossover trial in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy, comparing the effects on seizure parameters of propofol versus sevoflurane induction. Patients were randomly allocated to receive either sevoflurane or propofol for their first treatment. In the subsequent treatment the alternative agent was used. Patients in both treatment groups exhibited equally good fits, with those in the sevoflurane group having slightly better morphology, which is the most subjective of the parameters measured. The sevoflurane administrations were associated with slightly higher pulse rates and blood pressures. Sevoflurane provides a suitable alternative to propofol for anaesthesia in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy, although the slightly greater pulse rate rise and blood pressure rise should be considered in patients with ischaemic heart disease. ER  - 
Anaesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: A comparison of sevoflurane with propofol$$$ This study was a prospective audit of patients receiving either intravenous induction of anaesthesia with propofol 2 mg/kg or inhalational induction using 8% sevoflurane for patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). All patients received inhaled 50% nitrous oxide. The anaesthetic agent was determined by psychiatrist preference. Each psychiatrist nominated only one induction technique for all his or her patients. Seventy treatments were studied in each group. Induction time was longer in the sevoflurane group. The time from commencing induction to loss of verbal contact was [mean (SD)] 64 (29.9) seconds for sevoflurane and 36 (33.6) seconds for propofol (P=0.001). Time to loss of eyelash reflex was 82 (32.6)s for sevoflurane and 44 (17.9)s for propofol (P<0.001). The duration qf seizure activity was longer in sevoflurane patients, 35 (17.8)s, compared with 20 (9.8)s in the propofol group (P< 0.001). Discharge times were similar. Minor adverse effects occurred in three patients, all in the sevoflurane group (one bradycardia and two episodes of post-procedural nausea). There were no major adverse events in either group. Propofol and sevoflurane both appear to be suitable agents for induction of anaesthesia for ECT. ER  - 
Current Status of the Utilization of Antiepileptic Treatments in Mood, Anxiety and Aggression: Drugs and Devices$$$ Interventions that have been utilized to control seizures in people with epilepsy have been employed by the psychiatric community to treat a variety of disorders. The purpose of this review will be to give an overview of the most prominent uses of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and devices like the Vagus Nerve Stimulator (VNS) and Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of psychiatr ic disease states. By far, the most prevalent use of these interventions is in the treatment of mood disorders. AEDs have become a mainstay in the effective treatment of Bipolar Affective Disorder (BAD). The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the use of valproic acid for acute mania, and lamotrigine for BAD maintenance therapy. AEDs are also effectively employed in the treatment of anxiety and aggressive disorders. Finally, VNS and TMS are emerging as possibly useful tools in the treatment of more refractory depressive illness. ER  - 
Affective Disorder and Epilepsy Comorbidity: Implications for Development of Treatments, Preventions and Diagnostic Approaches$$$ Concepts pertaining to affective disorder and epilepsy comorbidity are contributing appreciably to improvements in patient care. Several antiepileptic treatments have become important components of the management of bipolar affective disorder. In contrast, little progress has emerged in developing clinical applications of the anticonvulsant properties of the antidepressants in the treatment of the epilepsies. The slow onset of action of the antidepressants remains a major impediment to fully effective treatment of depressive episodes. Nevertheless, studies from experimental epileptology demonstrate that the anticonvulsant effects of the antidepressants occur rapidly and as a consequence of noradrenergic and/or serotonergic activation. These studies also demonstrate that adequate initial doses of the antidepressants are essential to rapid onset of anticonvulsant action. Pharmacokinetically valid loading dose paradigms are seemingly avoided with antidepressant drugs in humans because of potential toxicities and/or patient unacceptability. However, substantial progress has been made in reducing the adverse effect liability of the antidepressants. No longer is convulsive liability considered to stem from the therapeutic mechanisms of the antidepressants. Rather, noradrenergic and serotonergic influences have demonstrable anticonvulsant properties. Other side effects may also be separable from the anticonvulsant and antidepressive effects of antidepressive treatments. The concept that the protracted process of antidepressant-induced β-noradrenergic down-regulation is an essential prelude to the onset of mood benefit is no longer a sustainable premise. Nevertheless, increasing evidence underlies the possibility that knowledge of serotonergic and noradrenergic regulatory processes can be used to design strategies that will hasten the onset of antidepressive action. Similar optimism pervades efforts to determine the possibility that dual inhibition of serotonin and norepinephrine transporters will hasten onset of antidepressive action. Moreover, because noradrenergic and serotonergic systems are determinants of predisposition to seizures and to dysfunctional affective episodes, augmentation strategies may also be applicable to the use of antidepressant drugs in epilepsy and to the use of antiepileptic drugs such as carbamazepine in mood disorders. Recent studies have demonstrated that, in part, the therapeutic effectiveness of carbamazepine may stem from its marked capacity to elevate serotonin concentrations in the extracellular fluid of the brain via mechanisms that differ from those of the membrane reuptake inhibitors. Evidence suggests that the epilepsies and affective disorders may arise from a multiplicity of neurobiological abnormalities. A disorder in one individual may arise via different mechanisms than a phenomenologically similar disorder in another individual. Thus, diagnostic tools are needed to make mechanistic distinctions among individuals so that treatments can be appropriately developed and selected. In terms of epileptogenesis and affective disorder progression, neuroprotective paradigms for one individual may differ from those needed for another. Moreover, diagnostic technologies that are adequate to detect genetically and/or experientially determined vulnerability before the onset of a seizure or dysfunctional affective episode may be valuable steps toward achieving goals of prevention. ER  - 
Management of severe falciparum malaria$$$ Plasmodium falciparum is the most common cause of severe and life-threatening malaria. Falciparum malaria causes over one million deaths every year. In Africa, a vast majority of these deaths occur in children under five years of age. The presentation of severe malaria varies with age and geographical distribution. The mortality rate is higher in adults than in children but African children develop neuro-cognitive sequelae following severe malaria more frequently. The management of severe malaria includes prompt administration of appropriate parenteral anti-malarial agents and early recognition and treatment of the complications. In children, the complications include metabolic acidosis (often caused by hypovolaemia), hypoglycaemia, hyperlacticacidaemia, severe anaemia, seizures and raised intracranial pressure. In adults, renal failure and pulmonary oedema are more common causes of death. In contrast, concomitant bacterial infections occur more frequently in children and are associated with mortality in children. Admission to critical or intensive care units may help reduce the mortality, and the frequency and severity of sequelae related to severe malaria. ER  - 
Pregabalin Pfizer$$$ Pregabalin is a γ-aminobutyric acid analog that is under development by Pfizer for the potential treatment of central nervous system disorders, including epilepsy, neuropathic pain, fibromyalgia and generalized anxiety disorder. By April 2003, Pfizer had filed for approval of pregablin in Europe for neuropathic pain and as an adjunctive therapy for epilepsy, and in October 2003 an NDA was filed for these indications and generalized anxiety disorder. At this time, phase III trials in fibromyalgia were ongoing. © Thomson Scientific. ER  - 
Valrocemide Teva/Acorda$$$ Valrocemide is an anticonvulsant agent under development by Teva and Acorda as a potential therapeutic for the treatment of epilepsy. In October 2003, a phase II trial using valrocemide as an adjunct therapy in refractory epilepsy patients had been completed and phase III trials were being planned. Valrocemide was also being investigated for potential utility in the treatment of bipolar disorder and neuropathic pain. © Thomson Scientific. ER  - 
Psychosis in nursing home patients with parkinson's disease$$$ Psychosis in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) is a common and important problem. It is a frequent cause of nursing home placement and is associated with a high mortality. The cause of psychosis in PD is usually multi-factorial but often involves the agents used to treat the motor symptoms of the disease. Treatment strategies should include ruling out other causes of cognitive decline, reducing anti-PD medications, and judicious use of atypical neuroleptic medications. Cholinesterase inhibitors can also be useful as an adjunctive agent in patients with psychosis and cognitive decline. Careful management of PD patients with psychosis can often result in good control of hallucinations and delusions without significant decline in motor function. Copyright ©2004 American Medical Directors Association. ER  - 
Behavioural effects of the newer antiepileptic drugs: An update$$$ The negative and positive effects of the nine newer antiepileptic drugs that have received a product licence in the UK or in the US are reviewed. The importance of avoiding misinterpretation of the data because of confounding factors such as alternative psychosis, the release phenomenon or drug interactions is emphasised. Vigabatrin has been associated with both psychosis and depression. Due to the concentric visual field defects that may occur with vigabatrin, its use is now limited, although it remains the drug of choice for infantile spasms. Lamotrigine seems to be largely associated with improvement rather than deterioration of mood and behaviour. It may have a role in treating affective disorder. Gabapentin probably has relatively little effect on behaviour but may exacerbate behavioural problems in some children with pre-existing difficulties. Topiramate may precipitate both psychosis and depression, but these are less likely to occur if the currently recommended lower starting doses, escalation rates and target doses are used. The data for tiagabine are limited, but there is no clear evidence for psychosis or depression being caused by this drug. Oxcarbazepine may be of value in treating mood disorder, but the information is very limited. There are few reports of behavioural disturbances with levetiracetam, but the data suggest that there is no significant increase in psychosis or depression. There are some reports of psychosis and other behavioural disturbances with felbamate, but the use of this drug is limited by the serious adverse effects of hepatotoxicity and aplastic anaemia. There is some evidence for psychosis with zonisamide, but there is also a suggestion that this drug may be of benefit in treating psychiatric disorders. Careful individual assessment of each patient should enable the clinician to determine whether the medication or some other factor is responsible for any behavioural disturbance. 2004 © Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment of dissociative nonepileptic seizures. Or why patients with dissociative seizures should be treated on epilepsy wards$$$ Successful treatment methods of dissoziative non-epileptic seizures have not been characterized in great detail, because only few studies were published and their outcome was heterogeneous. We studied retrospectively 66 inpatients with the diagnosis of dissociative seizures, admitted to our ward from 2000 to 2002. Outcome measures involved a depression scale, neuropsychological testing, a questionnaire of coping with illness and seizure frequency. After treatment, seizure frequency improved significantly. Also depression decreased significantly, while intellectual functioning improved. Some coping strategies also changed significantly: Depressive coping, cognitive avoidance and dissimulation and emotional control and social retreat decreased. Results indicate a better psychological and cognitive functioning after treatment, and an improved seizure outcome. Psychotherapeutic treatment of patients with dissociative seizures in a neuropsychiatric epilepsy ward seems to be a successful approach. ER  - 
Central nervous system toxicity from cancer treatment$$$ Neurologic complications of cancer therapy are an increasingly important concern in patient management. Improvements in systemic therapies and increasing use of local treatments to target such specific tumor sites as brain or leptomeningeal metastases have resulted in increased incidence of treatment toxicity in the central nervous system (CNS). Recognition of specific treatment-related toxicities, and more importantly, differentiation of treatment toxicity from reversible causes of neurologic dysfunction, are critical. This article reviews the evaluation and treatment of major CNS toxicities related to cancer treatment and conditions that present with similar signs and symptoms. The three most common of these, alterations in cognition and consciousness, seizures, and cerebellar dysfunction, are discussed. Prompt recognition of these problems and their causes will have an impact on patient care in all areas of oncology. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Maintaining remissions accross the lifespan: A roundtable with Crohn's disease experts$$$ Moderator (Dr. Lichtenstein): In summary, where does mesalamine fit in our current treatment regimen of Crohn's disease in 2003? Dr. Present: Mesalamine is first-line therapy for mild-to-moderate disease - for induction of remission and, in patients who respond, for maintenance. I think this is quite clear. That's what most of us do in practice. For the average patient with mild-to-moderate disease, mesalamine is still the mainstay. Dr. Hanauer: I would say I totally agree with that statement. In addition, I think that there is evidence - it's not as strong, but evidence - of mesalamine's effect in delaying post-operative occurrence at the ileum after an ileal resection. The evidence becomes weaker as more of the colon is involved, probably with people with more penetrating complications. Dr. Kane: I think that community physicians are tempted to give the quick fix, so they start corticosteroids. They need to explain to the patient that they didn't get sick overnight, and we're not going to make them well overnight. They need to educate patients that if they stick with mesalamine, a very safe drug, then 2 to 6 weeks from now, they'll feel better. Dr. Lichtenstein: This has been discussed for a decade. I believe in the "don't burn bridges" concept. Don't use the more potent drugs when you don't need to because when you need them, they may not be there. The other concept is that "the punishment has to meet the crime." Don't punish patients with overtreatment if they've got mild disease. Dr. Cuffari: I agree. Treat with your least toxic medication initially, and then maintain remission, which is important to help improve quality of life, and potentially alter the course of the disease. Dr. Hanauer: Crohn's is not an 8-week disease. We have to think long-term and plan what we're going to do. And advise patients to stop smoking. Dr. Present: I think of induction of remission and maintenance. No matter what I'm using for induction, I'm still thinking of maintenance. If I can get them to be maintained on mesalamine, that's the best scenario. It's the safest drug. Dr. Kane: Advise patients to be patient and educate them on the reason for any particular medication you've prescribed. Dr. Present: And don't use corticosteroids. © Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
A randomized, double-blind, crossover comparison of risperidone and haloperidol in Korean dementia patients with behavioral disturbances$$$ Objective: Behavioral disturbances in dementia are extremely prominent and distressful, and often result in serious physical, social, and economic consequences. The authors compared the efficacy and tolerability of risperidone and haloperidol in the treatment of behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD) in institutionalized elderly Korean patients with Alzheimer disease, vascular dementia, or mixed dementia. Methods: This was an 18-week double-blind, crossover study involving 120 patients who were randomly assigned to receive flexible doses (0.5-1.5 mg/day) of risperidone or haloperidol. BPSD were assessed using the Korean version of the Behavioral Pathology in Alzheimer's Disease Rating Scale (BEHAVE-AD-K), the Korean version of the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI-K), and the Clinical Global Impression of Change scale (CGI-C). Safety and tolerability assessments included the Extrapyramidal Symptom Rating Scale and the incidence of adverse events. Results: Both risperidone and haloperidol were efficacious in alleviating BPSD. However, when receiving risperidone, patients showed significantly greater improvement than when receiving haloperidol in the total and subscale scores of the BEHAVE-AD-K, the total and subscale scores of the CMAI-K, and the scores on the CGI-C scale. Also, risperidone had an additional benefit on aggressiveness and anxieties/phobias. The risk of antipsychotic-induced parkinsonism throughout this study was significantly lower with risperidone than with haloperidol. Conclusion: Risperidone had a favorable efficacy and tolerability profile compared with haloperidol in the treatment of BPSD in this patient population. ER  - 
New medication treatment options for bipolar disorders$$$ Objective: To assess new treatment options for bipolar disorders. Method: Controlled studies of new treatments for bipolar disorders were identified by computerized searches and reviews of scientific meeting proceedings, and were compiled by drug category. Results: Two main categories of medications, newer anticonvulsants and newer antipsychotics, are yielding emerging new treatment options for bipolar disorders. Newer anticonvulsants have diverse psychotropic profiles, and although not generally effective for acute mania, may have utility for other aspects of bipolar disorders (e.g. lamotrigine for maintenance or acute bipolar depression), or for comorbid conditions (e.g. gabapentin for anxiety or pain, topiramate for obesity, bulimia, alcohol dependence, or migraine, and zonisamide for obesity). In contrast, newer antipsychotics generally appear effective for acute mania, and some may ultimately prove effective in acute depression (e.g. olanzapine combined with fluoxetine, quetiapine) and maintenance (e.g. olanzapine). Conclusion: Emerging research is yielding new treatment options for bipolar disorders and comorbid conditions. ER  - 
Pregabalin: An efficacious new add-on drug for chronic partial epilepsy$$$ Pregabalin (S-+)-3-isoburyl-GABA; PGN, trade name Lyrica™) is a new antiepileptic drug for add-on treatment of partial seizures with or without secondary generalization for adults of age 18 and older. It was developed through structural variation of gamma-amino-butyric-acid (GABA). PGN has been evaluated in randomized controlled trials in close to 1500 patients with partial epilepsy. The mechanism of action involves action of PGN as a ligand of the presynaptic α2δ subunit of voltage-gated calcium channel. Add-on treatment with PGN starts with 150 mg/day (75-0-75 mg). If needed, the daily dose can be increased to 300 mg (150-0-150 mg) after 7 days. The maximal daily dose is 600 mg (300-0-300 mg). During the 12-week treatment with 600 mg weight gain (≥ 7% of bodyweight) is seen in 15% of patients. The long-term course of this adverse event needs to be monitored carefully. Because of the renal excretion of PGN the daily dose needs to be lowered (see package insert) in patients with a creatinin clearance of less than 30 ml/min. PGN is excreted nearly fully unmetabolized in urine. The hepatic cytochrome-450 dependent enzyme system is not involved. This explains why PGN does not require titration and is easy to combine with other antiepileptic drugs or other medication without impaired efficacy or increased toxicity due to enzyme inducing pharmacokinetic drug interactions. In addition, PGN has shown in controlled trials in patients with peripheral neuropathic pain or anxiety disorders anxiolytic properties and restores impaired sleep structures which may be useful considering the frequent comorbidity of epilepsy and anxiety disorders and insomnia. ER  - 
Safety of zonisamide therapy: Prospective follow-up survey$$$ Zonisamide safety was evaluated based on a postmarketing surveillance study of patients treated for 1-3 years. Nine hundred twenty-eight children and 584 adults (ages 1 month to 79 years), including 372 newly-diagnosed patients, received zonisamide for partial and generalized epilepsies. Of the intractable patients, 1008 received zonisamide in combination with other antiepileptic drugs (AED), and 52 successfully transitioned to zonisamide monotherapy. A total of 1089 adverse events occurred in 476 (31.5%) of 1512 patients. Incidence of adverse effects was significantly lower among patients receiving zonisamide monotherapy than in those receiving polytherapy: 21% (18.9% of children, 29.4% of adults) versus 35.6% (30.4% of children, 41.7% of adults), respectively. The total incidence of adverse effects was lower for children (26.2%) than for adults (39.9%). Most common adverse events included mental/psychiatric symptoms (19.4%), gastrointestinal symptoms (8.7%), and neurological symptoms (5.8%). Effects that seemed unique to zonisamide were impairment of mental function, motivation or volition, and hypohidrosis. Urinary calculi were detected in only two patients (0.13%). Teratogenicity was evaluated in six patients. Two patients on zonisamide monotherapy and three on polytherapy delivered normal children. One of four patients on polytherapy conceived a fetus with a skull defect with cerebral and cerebellar dysgenesis. © 2004 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mechanisms of action for the commonly used antiepileptic drugs: Relevance to antiepileptic drug-associated neurobehavioral adverse effects$$$ Antiepileptic drugs exert their anticonvulsant effects by interfering with brain processes that involve structures that are also involved in learning, memory, and emotional behavior. Thus, modulation of ion channels, neurotransmitters, second messengers, and other processes by antiepileptic drugs, although helpful in controlling seizures, can interfere with normal brain function in undesired ways. The specific mechanism(s) of action of an antiepileptic drug can increase the risk for particular types of adverse events. In this review, we examine the cognitive and behavioral effects of antiepileptic drugs in animal models. Although animal studies, in many respects, do not mimic clinical experience, the data suggest a connection between certain mechanisms of antiepileptic action and the occurrence of cognitive adverse effects. Specifically, antiepileptic drugs with traditional γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)ergic mechanisms have the most detrimental effects on cognitive function, possibly because they impair attention. Conversely, drugs with the predominant effects at Na+ channels appear to have minimal impact on cognition. Levetiracetam, with its nonconventional GABAergic and Ca2+ channel effects, has shown positive cognitive effects in animal studies. Antiglutamatergic drugs have the potential to be a double-edged sword: they can interfere with consolidation of learning and memory but can also provide neuroprotection in addition to their antiseizure effects. ER  - 
Determining the effects of antiepileptic drugs on cognitive function in pediatric patients with epilepsy$$$ The majority of children with epilepsy are of normal intelligence; however, a significant subset suffers from temporary or permanent cognitive impairment. Factors that affect cognitive function are myriad and include the neuropathology underlying the epilepsy, seizures, epileptiform activity, psychosocial problems, and antiepileptic drug side effects. Although cognitive impairment is often wrongly attributed to the effects of antiepileptic drugs, antiepileptic drugs do impair cognition in some children. Clinicians should be aware of the differential cognitive effects of antiepileptic drugs and should monitor cognitive function closely when adding or changing therapy. Based on published data from prospective, chronic dosing studies, phenobarbital and topiramate have the highest potential for causing cognitive dysfunction. ER  - 
Behavioral and psychiatric adverse events associated with antiepileptic drugs commonly used in pediatric patients$$$ Multiple factors - including the efficacy of the antiepileptic drug for the particular seizure type, availability of pediatrics friendly formulations, the ease of dosing and titration, and tolerability issues, such as possible drug interactions and adverse events-affect the selection of the best antiepileptic drug for a child with epilepsy. Behavioral problems are common in children with epilepsy and can be aggravated or initiated by antiepileptic drug therapy. The types and frequencies of antiepileptic drug-associated behavioral events can influence a clinician's drug selection, drug management, and counseling of parents. Unfortunately, appreciating differences among antiepileptic drugs in behavioral adverse event profiles is problematic because, among other reasons, methodologies for reporting, collecting, and analyzing adverse events are not uniform across trials, and there is marked heterogeneity in study design among trials. This review summarizes incidence rates for behavioral and psychiatric adverse events taken from studies of children with epilepsy. These rates are reported for the 10 most commonly prescribed antiepileptic drugs (valproic acid, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, lamotrigine, phenytoin, levetiracetam, oxcarbazepine, topiramate, zonisamide, and gabapentin), grouped according to their predominant mechanism of action. Despite the numerous methodologic inconsistencies, some similarities in adverse event profiles among antiepileptic drugs that share mechanisms of action are apparent. Moreover, the overwhelming body of data on the behavioral effects of phenobarbital should convince clinicians that, whenever possible, it should not be used as the initial - or even the second - monotherapy in children with epilepsy. ER  - 
Choosing antiepileptic drugs for developmentally normal children with specific epilepsy syndromes and behavioral disorders$$$ Antiepileptic drugs are often used for the treatment of both epilepsy and a wide range of behavioral and psychiatric disorders. The treatment of patients with epilepsy has been the proving ground for antiepileptic drugs, not only with respect to their efficacy in the treatment of seizures but also for clarifying their dose-related and idiosyncratic adverse events. This informnation has been useful in treating patients with behavioral and psychiatric disorders. Indeed, the number of prescriptions written for many antiepileptic drugs for nonepileptic uses far exceeds those written for the same drugs for epilepsy. Because patients with chronic epilepsy have a higher incidence of axis I psychiatric disorders, physicians can choose an antiepileptic drug to treat both the epilepsy and psychiatric comorbidity in selected patients. Guided by the principles of evidence-based medicine as outlined by the American Academy of Neurology and the American Academy of Pediatrics, this article reviews the application of antiepileptic drugs for epilepsy and behavioral and psychiatric disorders in children. ER  - 
Diagnosis and management of depression and psychosis in children and adolescents with epilepsy$$$ The neurologic dysfunction underlying epilepsy can predispose patients to psychiatric disorders, and the incidence of both depression and psychosis is increased in people with epilepsy. Depressive disorders are the most frequently recognized psychiatric comorbidities in people with epilepsy, but depression in children can be particularly difficult to recognize. Clinicians need to inquire about not only classic symptoms of depression such as anhedonia but also less obvious symptoms such as unprovoked irritability, unsubstantiated complaints of lack of love from family members, somatic complaints, and problems with concentration and poor school performance. The diagnosis of depressive disorders in children with epilepsy and mental retardation is even more difficult. Physicians need to be alert for the presence of iatrogenic depression, which may result from antiepileptic drugs or epilepsy surgery. People with epilepsy are also at increased risk for psychosis, which can be interictal, postictal, or (rarely) an expression of ictal activity. This psychosis can be related to seizure remission (ie, alternative psychosis) or iatrogenic (eg, related to antiepileptic drugs or following temporal lobectomy). Although both antidepressants and antipsychotic drugs have the potential to lower the seizure threshold and increase seizures, careful drug selection, dosing, and slow titration can minimize this risk, allowing treatment to proceed. ER  - 
Clozapine, 10 years after - A clinical review$$$ Clozapine was one of the major advances in the treatment of schizophrenia since the introduction of the classic antipsychotic agent chlorpromazine in the 1950s. Over the past 10 years, clozapine has become the reference compound for the development of new antipsychotics, and new drugs have been developed which have also claimed atypical status. The indications of clozapine were recently extended to Psychosis in Parkinson's disease and harmonized in the European Union. This provides the opportunity to update the data on clozapine in the treatment of schizophrenia. In this article we review current clinical evidence in schizophrenia to address the following issues: 1) Efficacy in refractory/positive symptoms: a systematic and critical analysis of 14 double-blind clinical trials in comparison with both standard and novel antipsychotics show consistent findings in favour of clozapine, with all but three of the reports demonstrating superiority. The review of studies allow us to say little about the predictors of treatment response, time to clozapine response and about the impact of clozapine on the quality of patients'life and longer-term outcome. Treatment options for clozapine non-responders are reviewed. 2) Risk of EPS: clozapine is considered to have a minimal risk of EPS and in all studies where a valid methodology was used, a clear superiority over the other neuroleptics is demonstrated. It is pointed out that, if the prevalence and incidence of EPS with clozapine is low, it is not zero. All the studies assessing clozapine treatment for TD have major methodological limitations, so no final conclusion can be drawn. 3) Efficacy for primary and secondary negative symptoms and neurocognitive effects: the data of clinical studies where negative symptoms scales were used favour clozapine in terms of improvement. However most of the studies were carried out in populations with predominantly positive symptoms. With regard to the need to distinguish primary and secondary symptoms, data are conflicting regarding the benefit of clozapine. Due to the lack of studies with a valid methodology, no definitive conclusion can be drawn about the efficacy on clozapine on the deficit syndrome and on neurocognitives disorders. 4) Impact on suicide risk: 4 out of 6 retrospective studies provide evidence for the ability of clozapine therapy to reduce suicidal behaviour. The results of a recent randomized, parallel-group study designed to compare clozapine versus olanzapine in preventing suicide attempts seems to confirm this hypothesis. We also address the tolerability and safety data, especially haematologic, comitial, cardiovascular and metabolic side-effects. The effectiveness of blood monitoring for the management of neutropenia and agranulocytosis demands that the recommendations are strictly followed. The use of clozapine at doses higher than 600 mg daily should follow published recommendations, in order to minimize the risk of seizures; these include anticonvulsant regimens based on blood levels. With regard to the cardiovascular mortality, if clozapine therapy has negligible effects on QT interval, its association with potential fatal myocarditis cannot be excluded in young patients who should be investigated if they develop cardiac symptoms in the first weeks of treatment. Available data support the notion that the frequency of bodyweight gain is high with several new antipsychotics, including clozapine. Potential long term effects of bodyweight gain on mortality and morbidity have to be taken into consideration. The pharmacological mechanisms underlying the « unique clozapine profile » is discussed. Clozapine remains the only antipsychotic with efficacy at relatively low D2 receptor occupancy. The pharmacogenetic and pharmacokinetic aspects are also reviewed. Finally, the place of clozapine in the current treatment of schizophrenia is highlighted to inform the development of guidelines for clinical management. ER  - 
Contemporary management of neuropathic pain for the primary care physician$$$ Neuropathic pain (NP), caused by a primary lesion or dysfunction in the nervous system, affects approximately 4 million people in the United States each year. It is associated with many diseases, including diabetic peripheral neuropathy, postherpetic neuralgia, human immunodeficiency virus-related disorders, and chronic radiculopathy. Major pathophysiological mechanisms include peripheral sensitization, sympathetic activation, disinhibition, and central sensitization. Unlike most acute pain conditions, NP is extremely difficult to treat successfully with conventional analgesics. This article introduces a contemporary management approach, that is, one that incorporates nonpharmacological, pharmacological, and interventional strategies. Some nonpharmacological management strategies include patient education, physical rehabilitation, psychological techniques, and complementary medicine. Pharmacological strategies include the use of first-line agents that have been supported by randomized controlled trials. Finally, referral to a pain specialist may be indicated for additional assessment, interventional techniques, and rehabilitation. Integrating a comprehensive approach to NP gives the primary care physician and patient the greatest chance for success. ER  - 
The risks and benefits of treatments must be considered when treating or preventing malaria$$$ The risk of antimalarial drug-related toxicity must be balanced against the likely outcome of malaria treatment or prophylaxis. In patients with Plasmodium falciparum malaria, atovaquone/proguanil is very well tolerated as prophylaxis and treatment, and artemether/lumefantrine is a new well tolerated option for treatment. Chloroquine is inexpensive and well tolerate; however, its efficacy against P. falciparum is decreasing. Mefloquine is generally well tolerated as prophylaxis and treatment against chloroquine-resistant falciparum malaria, although serious neuropsychiatric toxicity may occur. Quinine, used to treat falciparum malaria in many countries, is commonly associated with adverse effects resulting in poor compliance. ER  - 
Sertraline as a treatment for PTSD: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective: Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is one of the most prevalent psychological disorders. Methods to alleviate its symptoms range from 'talking therapies' to pharmaceutical interventions. Our objective was to carry out a systematic review of the effectiveness of sertraline, an SSRI, as a treatment for PTSD. Method: Databases were searched to identify relevant research on sertraline as a treatment for PTSD. Results: Five randomised control trials were identified, along with seven open trials and case series studies. Conclusions: The review and meta-analysis supported the use of sertraline for PTSD though further research on sub-group differences (eg. gender) is required. ER  - 
VNS and depression: Current status and future directions$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is an established anticonvulsant therapy in treatment-resistant patients with epilepsy. The known anatomical projections of the vagus nerve to many brain regions that have been implicated in mood disorders suggest that VNS may also have useful antidepressant effects. There has been growing interest in the potential application of VNS in the nonpharmacological management of treatment-resistant depression. Results from an open-label study, in which 59 subjects with treatment-resistant depression were treated for 10 weeks with VNS therapy, reported a 31% response rate. In a recent controlled double-blind trial of VNS and depression, short-term treatment for 10 weeks failed to demonstrate statistical improvement over sham treatment. Results from the long-term phase of this trial may be more significant, however published data are awaited. © Future Drugs Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Defining complementary and alternative medicine in allergies and asthma: Benefits and risks$$$ In this review, the current literature discussing complementary/alternative medicine (CAM) interventions, the prevalence and pattern of use, examples of specific modalities and the risks of CAM for asthma and atopic disease are discussed. The specific risks of CAM interventions associated with the use of these modalities, omission of traditional therapeutic modalities, and the liability risk for physicians who either provide or counsel their patients regarding CAM interventions are also discussed. ER  - 
Fragile X syndrome: A clinico-genetic study of mentally retarded patients in Kuwait$$$ In a prospective study in Kuwait, 182 mentally retarded male patients who fulfilled 5 or more clinical criteria of fragile X syndrome were screened using polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testing.Twenty patients (11%) were highly suspected of having fragile X syndrome due to mutation at the FRAXA locus; none had mutation at the FRAXE locus. Of these, 11 (55%) were confirmed fragile-X-positive by both cytogenetic and PCR techniques. The most frequent clinical features were: prominent forehead, high arched palate, hyperextensible joints, long ears, prominent jaw, height > 10th centile and attention-deficit hyperactivity. Less common were avoidance of eye contact (45%), autism (45%) and seizures (30%). Large testes were found in 55% of cases. Pre-pubertal and post-pubertal clinical criteria were different. ER  - 
Representation of patients with dementia in clinical trials of donepezil$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the representation of frail older adults in randomized controlled trials (RCTs), and to assess consequences of under representation by analyzing drug discontinuation rates. Methods: A cohort of older adults newly dispensed donepezil in Ontario between September 2001 and March 2002 was constructed using administrative data. A systematic review of the literature identified RCTs of donepezil. Patients dispensed donepezil were then compared to clinical trial subjects. Discontinuation rates were examined for patients with and without potential contraindications to this drug. Results: There were 6,424 older adults in the Ontario cohort with new claims for donepezil. Ten RCTs evaluating the use of donepezil were identified (n = 3,423). Between 51% and 78% of the Ontario cohort would have been ineligible for RCT enrolment. Patient's dispensed donepezil were older (80.3 vs. 73.7 years, p<0.001) and more likely to be in long-term care (14.1 vs. 7.1%, p < 0.001) than RCT subjects. Overall, 27.8% of the Ontario cohort discontinued donepezil within seven months of initial prescription. Discontinuation rates were significantly higher for patients with a history of obstructive lung disease, active cardiovascular disease, or Parkinsonism. Conclusions: Fewer than half of the older adults dispensed donepezil in Ontario would have been eligible to participate in the RCTs that established this drug's efficacy. Discontinuation rates were higher among patient groups not represented in the trials. Clinicians should carefully assess the potential risks and benefits of such drug therapies for older patients with dementia. ©2004 Canadian Society for Clinical Pharmacology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Zonisamide: A new antiepiletic drug$$$ Although the significant progress in pharmacotherapy of epilepsy during last decade was achieved, about one third of patients are resistant to the current treatment. When the monotherapy is not efficient, the polytherapy should be applied. Zonisamide (ZNS) is a new antiepileptic drug (AED) efficient in treating refractory epilepsy. Its efficacy in different types of seizures was confirmed in various animal studies as well as in clinical conditions. ZNS inhibits voltage-dependent Na+ channels and Ca2+ channels of T-type. The drug influences also monoamine neurotransmission and exhibits free radical scavenging properties. ZNS has a linear and favorable pharmacokinetics with excellent oral bioavailability. Furthermore, ZNS treatment, compared to other anticonvulsants, is relatively safe and well tolerated. Since ZNS is often used in polytherapy, its interactions with other AEDs seem to be of particular importance. However, the experimental data are rather inconsistent and further studies are necessary to elucidate exact effects of co-administration of ZNS with other AEDs. Recently, the clinical and experimental studies have suggested some new indications for ZNS administration, as mania, neuropathic pain, Parkinson's disease or migraine prophylaxis. Nowadays, it is also well established that ZNS exerts neuroprotective properties. ER  - 
Topiramate: As Monotherapy in Newly Diagnosed Epilepsy$$$ ▲ Topiramate is an antiepileptic drug that has a broad spectrum of antiseizure effects, which appear to be the result of several neurostabilising pharmacological mechanisms. These include blockade of ion channels, potentiation of GABA neuroinhibition and glutamate receptor antagonism at non-NMDA receptors, as well as mild inhibition of carbonic anhydrase. ▲ Topiramate monotherapy dose dependently reduced the number of patients who met seizure related exit criteria in children (aged ≥6 years) and adults with epilepsy. ▲ This effect was also observed in patients who had previously experienced partial onset seizures and for those who had experienced generalised tonic clonic seizures. Six-month and 1-year seizure-free rates were dose-dependently reduced. ▲ In epilepsy, topiramate monotherapy 100 or 200 mg/day was as effective as carbamazepine 600 mg/ day or valproate 1250 mg/day as measured by time to study exit for any reason, time to first seizure and percentage of patients seizure-free in the final 6 months of treatment (mean treatment duration 244 days). ▲ Adverse events associated with topiramate monotherapy that were dosage related included paraesthesia, weight loss and diarrhoea. Renal calculi were also reported in both fully published trials. ER  - 
Seizures in Alcohol-Dependent Patients: Epidemiology, Pathophysiology and Management$$$ The relationship between alcohol and seizures is complex and multifaceted. The prevalence of epilepsy in alcohol-dependent patients of western industrialised countries may be at least triple that in the general population, whereas the prevalence of alcoholism is only slightly higher in patients with epilepsy than in the general population. The seizure threshold is raised by alcohol drinking and declines on cessation of drinking. As a result, during withdrawal from alcohol, usually 6-48 hours after the cessation of drinking, seizures may occur. Alcohol acts on the brain through several mechanisms that influence seizure threshold. These include effects on calcium and chloride flux through the ion-gated glutamate NMDA and GABA receptors. During prolonged intoxication, the CNS adapts to the effects of alcohol, resulting in tolerance; however, these adaptive effects seem to be transient, disappearing after alcohol intake is stopped. Although the relationship of seizures to alcohol use is likely to be dose dependent and causal, the available clinical data do not suggest that alcohol use results in seizure genesis. However, a genetic predisposition to alcohol withdrawal seizures is possible. Other seizures in alcohol-dependent individuals may be due to concurrent metabolic, toxic, infectious, traumatic, neoplastic and cerebrovascular diseases and are frequently partial-onset seizures. Alcohol abuse is a major precipitant of status epilepticus (9-25% of cases), which may even be the first-ever seizure type. Prompt treatment of alcohol withdrawal seizures is recommended to prevent status epilepticus. During the detoxification process, primary and secondary preventative measures can be taken. A meta-analysis of controlled trials for the primary prevention of alcohol withdrawal seizures demonstrated a highly significant risk reduction for seizures with benzodiazepines and antiepileptic drugs and an increased risk with antipsychotics. A meta-analysis of randomised, placebo-controlled trials for the secondary prevention of seizures after alcohol withdrawal showed lorazepam to be effective, whereas phenytoin was ineffective. Because withdrawal seizures do not recur if the patient remains abstinent, long-term administration of antiepileptic drugs is unnecessary in abstinent patients. The first seizure not related to alcohol withdrawal should not result in permanent drug treatment in an alcohol-dependent patient, because of poor compliance and the high likelihood of remission. The treatment of alcohol dependence is more important and should be prioritised before the prevention of further seizures. ER  - 
Systematic review and economic decision modelling for the prevention and treatment of influenza A and B$$$ Objectives: To establish the clinical and cost-effectiveness of amantadine, oseltamivir and zanamivir compared to standard care for the treatment and prevention of influenza. Data sources: Electronic databases. Reference lists of identified articles and key publications. Relevant trials. Review methods: A systematic review and metaanalysis of the randomised evidence was undertaken to investigate the effectiveness of oseltamivir and zanamivir compared to standard care for treatment and prophylaxis use for influenza A and B. An additional systematic review of the effectiveness of amantadine for treatment and prophylaxis use for influenza A in children and the elderly was also undertaken. Economic decision models were constructed to examine the cost-effectiveness and cost-utility of the alternative strategies for treating and preventing influenza A and/or B. This was informed by the systematic reviews outlined above and additional sources of information where required. Results: The systematic review of the treatment of influenza found that oseltamivir reduced the median duration of symptoms in the influenza positive group by 1.38 days for the otherwise healthy adult population, 0.5 day for the high-risk population, and 1.5 days for the children population. This compared to 1.26 days, 1.99 days, and 1.3 for the similar groups for inhaled zanamivir. The systematic review of the prevention of influenza found that the relative risk reduction for oseltamivir was between approximately 75 and 90% and approximately 70 and 90% for inhaled zanamivir depending on the strategy adopted and the population under consideration. For the economic model a base case was constructed that focussed primarily on the health benefits generated by shortening the period of influenza illness. This base case found that, compared to standard care, the estimated cost per quality-adjusted life year ranged from £6190 to £31,529 for healthy adults, from £4535 to £22,502 for the 'high-risk' group, from £6117 to £30,825 for children, and from £5057 to £21,781 for the residential care elderly population. The base case model included valuations of the health effects of pneumonia (and otitis media in the children's model) based on observed rates in the trials. However it does not include the cost of hospitalisations as only very limited data was available for the effects of antivirals on hospitalisation rates. As for mortality rates, deaths from influenza were rare in trials of neuraminidase inhibitors (NIs). Therefore, suitable data on mortality were not available from these sources. As avoided hospitalisation costs and avoided mortality are potentially important we also carried out sensitivity analysis that involved extrapolating the observed reductions in pneumonias in the Nl trials to hospitalisations and deaths. In all four models the cost-effectiveness of NIs is substantially improved by this extrapolation. For prophylaxis, antiviral drugs were compared with vaccination as preventative strategies. In all cases the cost-effectiveness ratios for vaccination were either low or cost-saving. In the base case the cost-effectiveness of antivirals was relatively unfavourable, there were scenarios relating to the elderly residential care model where antivirals as an additional strategy could be cost-effective. Conclusions: The cost-effectiveness varies markedly between the intervention strategies and target populations. The estimate of cost effectiveness is also sensitive to variations in certain key parameters of the model, for example the proportion of all influenza-like illnesses that are influenza. The effectiveness literature that was used to inform the economic decision model spans many decades and hence great caution should be exercised when interpreting the results of indirect intervention comparisons from the model. Further randomised trials making direct comparisons would be valuable to verify the model's findings. ER  - 
Carcinoid: A Comprehensive Review$$$ Carcinoid tumors originate from the neuroendocrine cells throughout the body and are capable of producing various peptides. Their clinical course is often indolent but can also be aggressive and resistant to therapy. We examined all aspects of carcinoid tumors including the molecular biology oncogenesis, role of angiogenesis, recent advances in imaging, and therapy. The Medline and Cancerlit databases were searched using carcinoid as the keyword. English language manuscripts were reviewed and relevant references from a total of 7 741 were found. All titles were screened and all the relevant manuscripts were analyzed; we found 307 references pertinent to the history, epidemiology, clinical behavior, pathology, pathophysiology, molecular biology, radiologic imaging, supportive care of carcinoid syndrome, and results of therapeutic clinical trials. Management of patients with carcinoid tumors requires an understanding of the disease process and a multimodality approach. Introduction of long-acting somatostatin analogues has resulted in significant advances in the palliative care of patients with carcinoid syndrome. However, advanced carcinoid tumor remains incurable. Existing therapies for advanced disease have low biologic activity, high toxicity, or both. Clearly, more research is necessary in the areas of molecular biology, targeted therapy, and development of new drugs. Future advances in this field need to focus on clinical and biological predictors of outcome. Early works in the area of tumor biology such as the role of p53, bcl-2, bax, MEN1, FGF, TGF, PDGF and VEGF expression are of interest and need to be explored further. ER  - 
Cannabinoids: Mechanisms and therapeutic applications in the CNS$$$ Cannabinoids comprise three classes of compounds, the active components of marijuana (Cannabis sativa), as well as endogenous and synthetic derivatives. To date, two distinct cannabinoid receptors (CB1 and CB2) have been discovered, but evidence for further receptor types has been brought forward. The potential use of cannabinoids for medicinal purposes has long been known, but the mechanisms of action of both exogenously applied and endogenous cannabinoids are only partly established. For nervous system disorders, cannabinoids may be useful by modulating neurotransmission and calcium homeostasis as well as by anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant actions. Some cannabinoids can also trigger cell death, which may be of therapeutic benefit in the treatment of malignant tumours. A number of both in vitro and in vivo models have provided promising but diverse evidence for cannabinoid protection in glutamate-mediated excitotoxicity, hypoxia and glucose deprivation, brain trauma, epilepsy and MS. Subsequent to many preclinical investigations, clinical trials are now underway in a variety of the above applications. Overall, the understanding of the therapeutic relevance of cannabinoids will rely on further investigations into the neuroprotective and neurotoxic potency of cannabinoids in animal models and humans, as much as on a further advancement of our general understanding of the endocannabinoid system and the development of specific compounds devoid of unwanted psychoactive side effects. ER  - 
Comparison of seizure duration, ictal EEG, and cognitive effects of ketamine and methohexital anesthesia with ECT$$$ The authors retrospectively compared the seizure duration, ictal EEG, and cognitive side effects of ketamine and methohexital anesthesia with ECT. This comparison was carried out with data from consecutive index ECT treatments that occurred immediately before and after a switch from methohexital to ketamine in 36 patients. Ketamine was well tolerated and prolonged seizure duration overall, but particularly in those who had a seizure duration shorter than 25 seconds with methohexital at the maximum available stimulus intensity. Ketamine also increased midictal EEG slow-wave amplitude. Thus, a switch to ketamine may be useful when it is difficult to elicit a robust seizure. Faster post-treatment reorientation with ketamine may suggest a lower level of associated cognitive side effects. ER  - 
Good treatment outcomes in late-life depression with comorbid anxiety$$$ Background: Late-life depression studies have found that comorbid anxiety, as a symptom or comorbid disorder, is associated with poorer treatment response and increased likelihood of dropout. This study evaluated the impact of comorbid anxiety on response, dropouts, and side effects, in elderly subjects treated for depression. Methods: We analyzed data from a 12-week trial comparing nortriptyline and paroxetine in 116 patients aged 60 and older with depression. Subjects classified as having anxious depression were compared to those with nonanxious depression in terms of treatment response rate, time to response, dropout rate, and early side effects. The analysis was replicated with another study, in which 125 subjects aged 69 and older were treated openly with paroxetine and interpersonal psychotherapy. Results: Anxious and nonanxious groups did not differ in terms of response rates, time to response, dropout rates, or time to dropout. Side effects declined more quickly and more significantly in the anxious group than in the nonanxious group. Limitations: Subjects were treated in a specialty mental health setting, and the findings may not apply in other settings. Conclusions: We found no association between comorbid anxiety and a poorer prognosis during acute treatment of late-life depression. For elderly patients with anxious depression, standardized treatment in the mental health sector is associated with a good response. © 2002 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A Double Blind Comparison of Venlafaxine and Paroxetine in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder$$$ While the usefulness of clomipramine and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) has been established, the efficacy of serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors remains to be determined. This report describes the first randomized double-blind comparison study of an SNRI in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder. The current study compares the efficacy and tolerability of venlafaxine with paroxetine. One hundred and fifty patients with primary OCD according to DSM-IV criteria were randomly assigned in a 12-week double-blind trial to receive dosages titrated upward to 300 mg/d of venlafaxine (n = 75) or 60 mg/d of paroxetine (n = 75). Primary efficacy was assessed by the change from baseline on the Yale-Brown obsessive-compulsive scale (Y-BOCS). Other assessments throughout the trial included the Hamilton depression rating scale, and the Hamilton anxiety rating scale. An intent-to-treat, last-observation-carried-forward analysis demonstrated a mean decrease on the Y-BOCS of 7.2 ± 7.5 in the venlafaxine group and of 7.8 ± 5.4 in the paroxetine group. In both treatment groups, a responder rate (decrease > 35% on the Y-BOCS) of approximately 40% was found. There were no significant differences between venlafaxine and paroxetine with regard to response or responder rates. The incidence of adverse events for venlafaxine and paroxetine was comparable. The most common side effects for venlafaxine were somnolence, insomnia, a dry mouth, and sweating; and for paroxetine somnolence, sweating, nausea, and headache. These results show that venlafaxine was equally effective to paroxetine in treating patients with OCD. Venlafaxine may be a useful therapy for obsessive-compulsive patients, but is not superior to SSRIs. ER  - 
Memantine. Poor evaluation and uncertain benefit in Alzheimer's disease$$$ • The standard treatment for mild to moderately severe Alzheimer's disease is donepezil, an anticholinesterase with some beneficial effects (progression is slowed in about 10% of patients, by six months on average) and mainly gastrointestinal adverse effects. • Memantine, a drug first developed several decades ago, belongs to the family of NMDA glutamate receptor inhibitors. Marketing authorisation was recently granted for memantine in moderately severe and severe Alzheimer's disease. • The clinical evaluation dossier on memantine is poor. Marketing approval was obtained thanks to only one placebo-controlled trial. It included only 252 patients treated for 28 weeks. Patients with moderately severe Alzheimer's disease were not analysed separately from those with severe forms, even though the response criteria are different for the two categories of patients. • According to the chosen endpoint, 5% to 19% of patients were clinically improved by memantine. It is not known whether this benefit persists beyond six months. • The report of a trial comparing memantine + donepezil with placebo + donepezil does not analyse the response rate. Use of this combination is not currently justified. • In clinical trials the main adverse effects of memantine were neurological (dizziness and headache). Fairly lengthy pharmacovigilance data from Germany are relatively reassuring. • In practice, donepezil remains the reference option for moderately severe Alzheimer's disease. Memantine is a second-line option, as its adverse effects differ from those of anticholinesterases. There is still no drug offering a clear benefit for patients with severe forms of the disease. ER  - 
Treatments of Parkinson Disease: Circa 2003$$$ Parkinson disease (PD) is a progressive degenerative neurological disorder characterized by resting tremor, bradykinesia, cogwheel rigidity, and postural instability. In the later stages, approximately 25% or more of patients develop cognitive compromise. The cardinal pathological features of PD are degeneration of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta and their axons, which project principally to the caudate and putamen, and the presence of eosinophilic intracytoplasmic inclusions, Lewy bodies. Although the loss of neurons is most conspicuous in the substantia nigra pars compacta, neuronal loss and/or Lewy bodies are found in other brain regions (eg, the locus coeruleus, entorhinal region, and amygdala), which suggests that treatments that target only the nigrostriatal dopaminergic system, though they may substantially benefit patients, are unlikely to completely resolve the deficits of PD. ER  - 
Detection of hyponatremia in the PACU$$$ Fluid and electrolyte management is an important part of PACU nursing care. Any alteration in fluid and electrolytes, especially in the vulnerable elderly population, can be catastrophic. An assessment of hyponatremia following transurethral resection of the prostate requires that the PACU nurse be diligent in discovering the etiology of unexpected mental status changes. © 2003 by American Society of PeriAnesthesia Nurses. ER  - 
New developments in the pharmacotherapy of tension-type headaches$$$ The first International Headache Society classification defined tension-type headaches (TTHs) by itemising those characteristics of migraines TTHs did not possess [1]. As a result, TTHs, both episodic and chronic, remain the most non-specific of all the commonly observed primary headaches. Until recently, there has been little impetus on the part of the pharmaceutical industry to investigate TTHs; many of the potentially useful drugs are now generic and unprofitable. In addition, few investigators have pursued the study of TTHs in lieu of its more glamorous neighbour, migraine. As a result, there are few well-designed studies on the pharmacotherapy of TTHs. The few studies that exist support the use of age-old standard drug classes, the tricyclic antidepressants and the NSAIDs. New research is now emerging that points to the potential utility of botulinum toxin type A, NMDA-receptor antagonists including Mg2+ and nitric oxide synthase inhibitors. More scientifically rigorous clinical studies are needed. ER  - 
Management of agitation in the intensive care unit$$$ Although the effective evaluation and management of agitated patients often receives less attention than other aspects of critical illness, it is among the most important and rewarding challenges that face critical care physicians. Key features of effective management include a thorough, organized search for potentially dangerous and correctable causes; a sound understanding of the pharmacology of analgesics and sedatives; and keeping a steady eye on appropriate management goals. In turn, the reward for excellent care will be shorter lengths of stay, more rapid liberation from mechanical ventilation, improved cognition, cost savings, and, perhaps, improved survival. ER  - 
Antiviral and antiretroviral use in pregnancy$$$ The history of antiviral and antiretroviral therapy is recent compared with many other medical therapies, including traditional antibiotics in pregnancy. There are few long-term data on which to base decisions of management in pregnancy. Accessing up-to-date information is critical to optimizing the safety of care for mothers and their infants. Exposure to medications in pregnancy can be toxic to a fetus in a gestational age-dependent manner. Determination of safe medications for pregnancy must take into consideration the need for certain medications and the possibility of inadvertent exposure in early pregnancy because of unplanned pregnancies. This article reviews the most commonly used antiviral and antiretroviral agents and places emphasis on the issues regarding use in pregnancy. ER  - 
Issues Related to Monitoring the Safety of Over-The-Counter (OTC) Medicines$$$ Pharmaceutical advances over the past 50 years have benefited many people in terms of disease prevention and management. However, probably without exception, most pharmaceutical products can cause adverse consequences of varying severity and frequency. In the last 10 years, many medicines that were originally prescription only have now become available over the counter (OTC), either from pharmacies or other general retail outlets. The volume and value of OTC medicine sales have increased accordingly. These switches have been well regulated and based on clear criteria and evidence of safety. Benefits of the changes include increased convenience to patients, greater self-management of minor ailments and a reduction in government drug expenditure. However, there are important differences between medicines supplied OTC and on medical prescription. With OTC medicines there is generally less healthcare professional input into the recommendation or ongoing monitoring of use. There is an absence of records per se, or linkage to other medication records elsewhere, and most countries allow direct-to-consumer advertising of the product. Taken together these differences can result in inappropriate expectations, demand and use of the OTC medicines, with limited opportunity for ongoing patient follow-up and monitoring of safety. Methodologies for pharmacy-based epidemiological studies of OTC medicines need to be developed. Studies should be large enough to detect associations that might exist, and to consider other explanations for associations such as chance, bias or confounding. There have already been some pilot studies with encouraging results with respect to follow-up rates. Outcome data however have usually been self-reported and the studies have lacked a suitable comparison group. Purchasers and suppliers of OTC medicines should also be made aware of, and encouraged to use, existing systems for spontaneous reporting of suspected adverse events, such as the Yellow Card Scheme in the UK. While available OTC medicines are perceived to be generally safe, problems have occasionally arisen with some earlier switched products (e.g. terfenadine). There have also been concerns about some traditional herbal and homeopathic remedies such as St John's wort. While such adverse events are rare, they emphasise the need for healthcare professionals and the public to understand and manage such risks. Many doctors are unaware of the range of OTC preparations available, and therefore do not consider them as a possible cause of presenting symptoms. Neither do they take them into account when making a new prescribing decision. The public need to be aware that OTC medicines should be treated with the same care as prescribed medicines, and that advice on recommended dose, contraindications and interactions should be adhered to. ER  - 
Drug Interactions between Herbal and Prescription Medicines$$$ Until reports of interactions between St John's wort and drugs such as digoxin, warfarin, protease inhibitors and oral contraceptives began to appear, very few herb-drug interactions were documented. These are now becoming more common, although still rare compared with drug-drug interactions. In the absence of hard data, potential interactions are being highlighted, and this review attempts to distinguish between the speculative and the proven. The subject is approached from a therapeutic point of view since in most cases the patient is already taking one or more prescription drugs, and the question is whether or not it is safe for a particular herb to be added to the regimen. Although many of the examples of herb-drug interactions are minor or theoretical at present, the fact remains that some are serious and life threatening, and these almost exclusively concern cyclosporin, anticoagulants, digoxin, antidepressants and protease inhibitors, taken with the herb St John's wort. Ginkgo and ginseng are implicated in a number of reports, but many of these are unsubstantiated. To date, the cardiovascular, central nervous and immune systems are the most common therapeutic categories cited in the literature and other than those, examples are very limited. Although many herbal drugs have good safety profiles, it must be borne in mind that herbal supplements are intended to be taken over an extended period of time, which provides the opportunity for enzyme induction and other mechanisms of interaction to take effect. ER  - 
Meta-analysis: Interferon for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C in dialysis patients$$$ Background: The efficacy of interferon monotherapy in dialysis patients with chronic hepatitis C remains unclear, although a number of small clinical trials have been published addressing this issue. Methods and aims: We evaluated the efficacy and safety of initial interferon monotherapy in dialysis patients with chronic hepatitis C by performing a systematic review of the literature with a meta-analysis of clinical trials. The primary outcome was sustained virological response (as a measure of efficacy); the secondary outcome was drop-out rate (as a measure of tolerability). We used the random effects model of Der Simonian and Laird, with heterogeneity and sensitivity analyses. Results: We have identified 14 clinical trials (269 unique patients); two were controlled studies. The mean overall estimate for sustained virological response (SVR) and drop-out rate was 37% [95% confidence interval (CI) 28-48] and 17% (95% CI 10-28), respectively. The most frequent side-effects requiring interruption of treatment were flu-like symptoms (17%), neurological (21%) and gastrointestinal (18%). The overall weighted estimate for SVR in patients with hepatitis C virus genotype 1 was 30.6% (95% CI 20.9-48). In the sub-group of clinical trials (n = 5) with standard interferon administration (3 million units [MUI] thrice weekly, subcutaneous route, 24-week treatment), the overall mean estimate of SVR was 39% (95% CI 25-56). The studies were heterogeneous with regard to SVR and drop-out rate. Conclusions: Tolerance to initial interferon monotherapy was lower in dialysis than nonuremic patients with chronic hepatitis C. However, more than one-third of haemodialysis patients with chronic hepatitis C have been successfully treated with interferon. Longer duration of interferon monotherapy does not appear to have a beneficial effect on the response rate. Further studies are warranted to define the optimal anti-viral regimen for chronic hepatitis C in dialysis population. ER  - 
Clinical and neurological abnormalities in adult celiac disease$$$ We assessed the occurrence of neurological signs and symptoms in adult patients with celiac disease and evaluated the correlation between neurological features and diet. A total of 176 patients and 52 age-matched controls underwent a semistructural interview and a neurologic examination. The effect of gluten-free diet was evaluated by comparing the prevalence of signs and symptoms among patients adhering to a gluten-free diet and patients on an unrestricted diet. The occurrence of headache, dysthymia and signs of peripheral neuropathy was significantly higher in patients with celiac disease than in control subjects. Adherence to a strict gluten-free diet was associated with a significant reduction of headache, dysthymia, cramps and weakness, but did not modify the occurrence of paresthesia or hyporeflexia. Neurological signs and symptoms are associated with celiac disease and can be ameliorated by a gluten-free diet. ER  - 
Obesity and pharmacologic therapy$$$ Obesity is a chronic, complex, multifactorial disorder with increasing prevalence in modern society. Lifestyle modification has had limited success in treating this disorder. Currently approved pharmacologic treatments for obesity include sibutramine and orlistat, which have been associated with significantly greater weight loss than that seen with dieting alone. In addition, a greater percentage of patients who receive medical treatment achieve weight losses of more than 5% to 10% of their initial body weight. This weight loss is associated with improvements in blood pressure, insulin sensitivity, and dyslipidemia. Multiple new therapies that target several different regulatory pathways are currently in clinical trials. ER  - 
Frequency of secondary conversion symptoms in children with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures$$$ We retrospectively identified 22 patients (19 were girls) with psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (NES) studied with video EEG telemetry over a 24-month period. A history of other conversion symptoms was identified in 11 of 22 patients. Symptoms were frequently neurological in nature. A strong association with depression and history of abuse was noted in children with multiple conversion manifestations. These NES patients with secondary conversion symptoms may require more intensive psychological therapy and be at risk for long-term pathology. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Single-case experimental designs: Applications in developmental-behavioral pediatrics$$$ This article discusses single-case experimental designs (SCEDs) and their relevance to developmental-behavioral pediatrics. Information concerning SCEDs have not been described in the Journal of Developmental and Behavioral Pediatrics, despite its relevance to the field. General issues related to the underlying logic and applications of SCEDs are reviewed with examples selected from the literature to illustrate the strengths and weaknesses of different design strategies. It is suggested that SCEDs can be a useful alternative to traditional between-group designs for clinical and evaluation research because the unit of the analysis is the individual; therefore the feedback to clinicians and families is direct about the effectiveness of a behavioral intervention or medication for that individual. In the field of developmental-behavioral pediatrics, SCEDs can be especially useful in the management of vague symptoms or poorly defined diseases to improve the confidence in a treatment decision for an individual patient. This report is intended to facilitate the understanding and use of single-case methodology so that clinicians are aware that flexible, true experiential designs exist to fill the gap in knowledge and also "do the best for my patient". ER  - 
Excessive Daytime Sleepiness and Sleep Disturbances in Patients with Neurological Diseases: Epidemiology and Management$$$ Up to 12% of the general population experience excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS), with increasing prevalence in the elderly. EDS may lead to cognitive impairment, resulting in inattentiveness, poor memory, mood disorders and an increased risk of accidents. As a result, quality of life is reduced in most patients with EDS as well as in their caregiving spouses. There are a variety of causes leading to EDS, including CNS pathology, neurological dysfunction, associated sleep disorders with insufficient or fragmented sleep, and drug therapy. Since EDS accompanies many neurological disorders, such as neurodegenerative and neuromuscular diseases, neurologists should be familiar with the diagnosis, its major causes and with treatment options. The main focus of this article is on movement disorders, neuromuscular diseases, multiple sclerosis, dementia, cerebrovascular diseases, head and brain trauma, pain and epilepsy. General managment strategies for EDS in all these neurological diseases include sleep hygiene aspects such as extensions of noctural time in bed and frequent naps during the day. Pharmacological treatment is generally achieved with stimulants such as amphetamine, methylphenidate and pemoline, or newer compounds such as modafinil. ER  - 
Mood-stabilizers: The archeology of the concept$$$ Objective: To review the history of 'mood-stabilizing' treatments. Method: We have reviewed primary source data on the origin of the use of current mood-stabilizers. Results: This historical record on the origins of the mood-stabilizers points to a more ambiguous picture as regards pharmacotherapeutic specificity to bipolar disorders than is commonly conceded. Conclusions: This review suggests a need for alternative formulations of the concept of a mood-stabilizer. An alternative to the currently dominant paradigm is that these agents have treatment effects, which need to be matched more precisely with patients' constitutional types in order to optimize outcomes. ER  - 
Chronic Headaches in Adults with Spina Bifida and Associated Hydrocephalus$$$ Introduction: Adults with spina bifida and associated hydrocephalus are exposed to multiple risk factors for the development of chronic headache. The management of these patients can be complex and misdiagnosis can precipitate unnecessary shunt revision. This study aims to evaluate the usefulness of intracranial pressure (ICP) monitoring as a diagnostic tool in these cases and to look at the causes of chronic headaches and treatment outcomes for this patient population. Methods: All patients over the age of 18 years with a diagnosis of spina bifida and shunted hydrocephalus who had undergone inpatient or outpatient neurosurgical review within the last 10 years were identified in our hospital database. Case notes were then retrospectively reviewed to identify all patients who had undergone either inpatient or outpatient evaluation of chronic headaches (defined as a headache of at least one month's duration) occurring in the absence of any other symptoms or signs suggestive of raised intracranial pressure (ICP). The incidence, causes, management and outcome of chronic headache in these patients was determined. Results: 42 patients were identified, mean age 30 years (range 18-59). All had undergone lifelong follow-up. All had previously undergone shunt insertion for hydrocephalus. 16 had undergone endoscopic third ventriculostomy (ETV). 11 had undergone choroid plexus coagulation. 55% (23/42) of patients underwent investigation for 1 or more episodes of chronic headache. Recurrent hydrocephalus due to shunt malfunction or ETV failure was excluded by ICP monitoring using either an intraparenchymal transducer or monitoring via a ventricular access device. All patients underwent repeat imaging, using CT and/or MR imaging. Identified causes of headache included: shunt blockage; shunt overdrainage; ETV failure and symptomatic Arnold-Chiari malformation. A history of choroid plexus coagulation (CPC) as an infant was associated with a decreased risk of chronic headache in later life (p = 0.02). In 8 patients no definite cause for headaches was identified, in 4 of these patients symptoms resolved spontaneously, the remainder required specialist pain management. Conclusions: The aetiology of chronic headaches in this patient group is multifactorial. In the absence of other clinical symptoms or signs of raised ICP, ICP monitoring is an invaluable adjunct to management. 10% of hydrocephalic adult spina bifida patients required specialist pain management for control of chronic idiopathic headache. ER  - 
Substance dependence and schizophrenia in patients with dangerous, violent and criminal propensities: A comparison of co-morbid and non-co-morbid patients in a high-security setting$$$ Studies show that schizophrenia is associated with increased substance misuse/dependence. An association exists between co-morbidity and violence/offending. Our aim was to compare substance-dependent and non-substance-dependent patients with schizophrenia, by using patient interviews and retrospective case-note data. A sample of 169 patients with schizophrenia in high-security psychiatric care was divided into two groups by using the absence/presence of substance dependence. Diagnoses were made using St Louis criteria. Of the patients, 88.8% were male. Lifetime rates of substance misuse showed that 53.8% had a history of alcohol misuse and that 53.3% had a history of drug misuse. Co-morbid substance dependence was present in 41.4% and schizophrenia alone in 58.6%. Co-morbid patients were more likely to be from the west of Scotland, to have a history of convictions and to be intoxicated prior to admission. They were more likely to be treated with anti-cholinergics or anti-depressants, to suffer affective symptoms or to have anti-social personality disorder. They were less likely to have negative symptoms, thought disorder, or learning disability and less likely to be civilly detained. This study finds high rates of substance misuse/dependence occurring co-morbidly with schizophrenia in Scottish high-security settings. Co-morbidity is associated with increased offending. Differences in symptom profiles and demographics may have potential implications for recognition and risk management. ER  - 
Bilateral Anterior Capsulotomy for Refractory Obsessive-Compulsive Disorders$$$ A prospective study on the effects of bilateral anterior capsulotomy in patients with refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is presented. A total of 18 procedures were performed in 15 patients. The mean duration of the OCDs was 18.1 ± 5.6 years (range 11-26 years). The mean total Yale-Brown Scale (Y-BOCS) score was 29.67 and mean Global Assessment of Functioning was 43.61. The results throughout the follow-up period remained the same as at 1 month postoperatively. The observed mean recovery on the Y-BOCS was 33.2% (p = 0.017). 52.9% of the patients showed a 33% recovery, 29.4% of the cases showed a 50% recovery and 17% showed a 66% recovery. Global Assessment of Functioning recovered by 19% (p = 0.111). No cognitive deficit was disclosed by neuropsychological screening tests. Complications were observed in 3 cases, 1 with transitory hallucinations, 1 with a single epileptic seizure and 1 case who developed a progressive behavior disorder that became permanent. We conclude that bilateral anterior capsulotomy is a safe and effective procedure. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Pharmacology of intrathecally administered agents for treatment of spasticity and pain$$$ Significant advances in the management of intractable pain and spasticity have occurred over the past two decades. This was largely a direct result of the discovery of spinal sites of action of the various analgesic and anti-spasticity agents and the clinical application of the intrathecal route for delivery of these centrally acting agents. Only two agents are PDA-approved for intrathecal use - namely morphine for intractable pain and baclofen for spasticity. However, a number of other intrathecal agents are used routinely in clinical practice, while other agents are considered experimental or unproven and are used sparingly or are regarded largely as being unsafe. The pharmacology of standard and investigational agents used intrathecally is reviewed in this article with particular attention to the mechanism of action, pharmacokinetics, indications for use, and evidence of clinical efficacy and safety profile. ° 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Rehabilitation medicine: 3. Management of adult spasticity$$$ SPASTICITY REFERS TO AN ABNORMAL, velocity-dependent (i.e., how fast the joint is moved through its range) increase in muscle tone resulting from interruption of the neural circuitry regulating the muscles and is a common complication of cerebral palsy, brain injuries, spinal cord injuries, multiple sclerosis and stroke. The muscle stretch reflex is thought to play an important role in spasticity generation. Spasticity can have a significant detrimental effect on daily functions, such as feeding, dressing, hygiene, bladder and bowel control, and mobility; patients' need for support can also influence the cost of care. Thus, managing these patients appropriately or referring them to those with expertise in this area is important. In this article, I review the pathophysiology of spasticity and the evaluation and management of adult patients with the condition. Two hypothetical cases are presented to illustrate the management of spasticity. ER  - 
Epilepsy, antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and cognition$$$ People with epilepsy are at increased risk of cognitive deficits as a result of various factors: the effect of seizures themselves, psychosocial factors and adverse effects of AEDs. It is crucial that, following early diagnosis of the correct epileptic syndrome, patients are treated with the appropriate drugs, as incorrect AEDs can exacerbate symptoms. By discussing various epileptic syndromes and performing a broad review of the available evidence, it is possible to make recommendations concerning prescription of AEDs with respect to cognition. An interesting advance in this area is the increasing use of AEDs such as valproate (in some countries divalproex is indicated), carbamazepine or lamotrigine (lamotrigine has been filed for approval in this indication) for bipolar disorders. Children and the elderly are especially vulnerable to adverse effects on cognition. This review highlights advantages of valproate in these populations; it is well tolerated and produces few cognitive side effects. ER  - 
Smoking cessation for patients with cardiovascular disease: What is the best approach?$$$ Tobacco use remains the major preventable cause of early mortality and morbidity in the US and is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Quitting smoking rapidly reduces the risk of cardiovascular events. In this review, we identify and discuss best approaches to assist smoking cessation among patients with CVD. Establishing office systems that reliably identify smokers to healthcare providers is an essential first step. Once the patient is identified as a smoker, providers should inquire about their willingness to quit and advise them to quit or provide motivation to get ready to make a quit attempt. Behavioral (counseling) and pharmacologic (nicotine replacement and non-nicotine medications) treatments double or triple long-term cessation rates and should be offered in combination to all patients with CVD who use tobacco. More intensive behavioral therapy is more effective and should be delivered when possible. The choice of pharmacotherapy will depend upon the clinical history of the patient and patient preference. Nicotine replacement and sustained release bupropion (bupropion SR) are first-line treatments for smoking cessation. Nicotine patches have been studied extensively in patients with stable CVD and have been shown to be safe. Bupropion SR has relatively few cardiovascular adverse effects and may be especially useful for patients with CVD; its safety is currently being studied. Special consideration is needed for hospitalized patients with acute coronary syndromes (e.g. myocardial infarction and unstable angina). The safety of pharmacotherapy in the acute setting is not yet established. Behavioral interventions, however, are very effective and should be delivered to all hospitalized smokers. Finally, it is important to create a clinical environment that is supportive of treating patients with tobacco dependence. Simple changes in office and hospital routines and procedures (routine screening to identify smokers, prompts to encourage intervention and links to more intensive tobacco dependence treatment programs) will substantially improve the identification, treatment, and outcomes of patients with CVD who use tobacco. ER  - 
Randomized, concentration-controlled trial of topiramate in refractory focal epilepsy$$$ Objective: To establish the concentration response of topiramate in patients with refractory focal epilepsy. Methods: Sixty-five patients with more than eight seizures during an 8-week baseline were randomized to three prespecified plasma levels (low, 6 μmol/L [2 mg/L]; medium, 31 μmol/L [10.5 mg/L]; and high, 56 μmol/L [19 mg/L]). Topiramate treatment was titrated to one of the prespecified plasma levels during an 8-week titration period, followed by a 12-week observation period. Results: The overall median (25th to 75th percentile) reduction in seizures during the observation compared with baseline was 50% (9.5 to 90%). In the individual groups, the median reduction was as follows: low, 39% (13 to 70%); medium, 85% (41 to 96%); and high, 39% (2.0 to 81%). The primary outcome of the trial was the comparison of seizure reduction (Mann-Whitney U test) between the low and the medium group (p = 0.03). Comparisons between the other groups were as follows: medium vs high (p = 0.05) and low vs high (p = 0.81). Psychiatric adverse events and adverse events related to the CNS were the most frequently encountered. Most adverse events showed concentration response, particularly between low and medium levels. Conclusions: Patients assigned to the medium plasma level (31 μmol/L [10.5 mg/L]) had the best seizure outcome. Patients in the medium and high groups experienced more adverse events than patients in the low group. Optimal treatment response is thus most likely found at plasma concentrations higher than 6 μmol/L (2 mg/L), but no further increase in efficacy seems to occur at concentrations above 31 μmol/L (10.5 mg/L). ER  - 
Cannabinoids for treatment of spasticity and other symptoms related to multiple sclerosis (CAMS study): Multicentre randomised placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background. Multiple sclerosis is associated with muscle stiffness, spasms, pain, and tremor. Much anecdotal evidence suggests that cannabinoids could help these symptoms. Our aim was to test the notion that cannabinoids have a beneficial effect on spasticity and other symptoms related to multiple sclerosis. Methods. We did a randomised, placebo-controlled trial, to which we enrolled 667 patients with stable multiple sclerosis and muscle spasticity. 630 participants were treated at 33 UK centres with oral cannabis extract (n=211), Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC; n=206), or placebo (n=213). Trial duration was 15 weeks. Our primary outcome measure was change in overall spasticity scores, using the Ashworth scale. Analysis was by intention to treat. Findings. 611 of 630 patients were followed up for the primary endpoint. We noted no treatment effect of cannabinoids on the primary outcome (p=0.40). The estimated difference in mean reduction in total Ashworth score for participants taking cannabis extract compared with placebo was 0.32 (95% CI -1.04 to 1.67), and for those taking Δ9-THC versus placebo it was 0.94 (-0.44 to 2.31). There was evidence of a treatment effect on patient-reported spasticity and pain (p=0.003), with improvement in spasticity reported in 61% (n=121, 95% CI 54.6-68.2), 60% (n=108, 52.5-66.8), and 46% (n=91, 39.0-52.9) of participants on cannabis extract, Δ 9-THC, and placebo, respectively. Interpretation. Treatment with cannabinoids did not have a beneficial effect on spasticity when assessed with the Ashworth scale. However, though there was a degree of unmasking among the patients in the active treatment groups, objective improvement in mobility and patients' opinion of an improvement in pain suggest cannabinoids might be clinically useful. ER  - 
Psychopharmacology in dermatological practice: A review and update$$$ A significant proportion of patients seen in an average dermatologic practice have psychosocial issues associated with their skin disease. There are at least two ways to classify psychoderma-tologic cases: by the category of psychodermatologic disorder and by the nature of the underlying psychopathologic condition. The categories of psychodermatologic disorders are psychophys-iologic disorders, primary psychiatric disorders, secondary psychiatric disorders, cutaneous sensory disorders, and the use of psychopharmacologic agents for purely dermatologic (i.e., non-psychiatric) cases. There are four major underlying psychopathologic conditions seen in dermatology: anxiety disorder, depression, psychosis, and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). For the treatment of chronic anxiety, we recommend as first-line therapy Buspar®. Our next best choices then fall to low-dose doxepin or paroxetine, and lastly benzodiazepines. In the pharmacotherapy of depression, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) or non-selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and non-tricyclic antidepressants are to be tried first and if those are unsuccessful, tricyclic antidepres-sants, for which doxepin would be an excellent choice, can be used. For patients with both anxiety/agitation and depression, doxepin and nefazadone (Serzone®) would be excellent first choices with venlafaxine as second-line therapy. For the treatment of dermatologic psychotic disorders, pimozide is still the first choice of the authors, but risperidone may be equally beneficial for treating these patients with fewer side effects. For OCD, SSRIs are the treatments of choice. This paper presents an overview of psychopharmacology for the practicing dermatologist. A short discussion is made of psychodermatologic disorders and the nature of underlying psychopathologic conditions. Pharmacologic recommendations and updates are provided to create a framework for dealing with these challenging patients. ER  - 
Examination of the evidence for off-label use of gabapentin.$$$ OBJECTIVES: (1) Describe the relevance of off-label use of gabapentin to managed care pharmacy; (2) summarize recent FDA warnings and media reports related to off-label gabapentin use; (3) review medical information pertaining to the off-label use of gabapentin; (4) outline alternatives to off-label use of gabapentin in an evidence-based fashion, where literature exists to support such alternatives; and (5) encourage key clinicians and decision makers in managed care pharmacy to develop and support programs that restrict the use of gabapentin to specific evidence-based situations. SUMMARY: Gabapentin is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for adjunctive therapy in treatment of partial seizures and postherpetic neuralgia. Various off-label (unapproved) uses have been reported, and the use of gabapentin for off-label purposes has reportedly exceeded use for FDAapproved indications. Pharmaceutical marketing practices and physician dissatisfaction with currently available pharmacological treatment options may be key factors that contribute to this prescribing trend. Recently, the media has focused on these issues, noting that many cases of reported safety and effectiveness of gabapentin for off-label use may have been fabricated. A thorough review of the medical and pharmacy literature related to off-label use of gabapentin was performed, and a summary of the literature for the following conditions is presented: bipolar disorder, peripheral neuropathy, diabetic neuropathy, complex regional pain syndrome, attention deficit disorder, restless legs syndrome, trigeminal neuralgia, periodic limb movement disorder of sleep, migraine headaches, and alcohol withdrawal syndrome. A common theme in the medical literature for gabapentin is the prevalence of open-label studies and a lack of randomized controlled clinical trials for all but a small number of indications. CONCLUSIONS: In the majority of circumstances where it has reported potential for.off-label. use, gabapentin is not the optimal treatment. The off-label use of gabapentin for indications not approved by the FDA should be reserved for cases where there is solid research support (e.g., diabetic neuropathy and prophylaxis of frequent migraine headaches). Managed care pharmacists should develop programs to restrict the use of gabapentin to these specific evidence-based situations, and key decision makers in managed care practice should feel confident in supporting these use restrictions for gabapentin. ER  - 
Meta-analysis of brain weight in schizophrenia$$$ Brain weight is often said to be decreased in schizophrenia, but a reduction has only been found in a minority of studies. We have therefore carried out a meta-analysis to answer this basic neuropathological question. Data were identified from literature searches and from contacting researchers in the field who were invited to submit unpublished data. Inclusion criteria were: an operational diagnosis of schizophrenia, or comparison subjects with no neurological or psychiatric history, aged 18 or over, for whom brain weight, age and sex were known. Exclusion criteria were: a history of head injury, epilepsy, substance dependence or leucotomy; neuropathological evidence of neurodegenerative disorder or focal brain lesion. Results were analysed by multilevel modelling. Brain weight was, as expected, related to age and sex (both p<0.0001). After control for these factors, there was an effect of diagnosis, with brains from the 540 schizophrenia subjects being 2% lighter than from the 794 controls (weighted mean difference=24 g [95% confidence interval, 1-47 g]; p=0.04). The difference was similar in male and female patients. There was no correlation with duration of illness. In conclusion, brain weight is slightly but significantly reduced in schizophrenia, consistent in direction and magnitude with MRI volumetric findings. The result encourages a continuing search for the histological and molecular correlates of schizophrenia. © 2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A review of functional neuroimaging studies of vagus nerve stimulation (VNS)$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is a new method for preventing and treating seizures, and shows promise as a potential new antidepressant. The mechanisms of action of VNS are still unknown, although the afferent direct and secondary connections of the vagus nerve are well established and are the most likely route of VNS brain effects. Over the past several years, many groups have used functional brain imaging to better understand VNS effects on the brain. Since these studies differ somewhat in their methodologies, findings and conclusions, at first glance, this literature may appear inconsistent. Although disagreement exists regarding the specific locations and the direction of brain activation, the differences across studies are largely due to different methods, and the results are not entirely inconsistent. We provide an overview of these functional imaging studies of VNS. PET (positron emission tomography) and SPECT (single photon emission computed tomography) studies have implicated several brain areas affected by VNS, without being able to define the key structures consistently and immediately activated by VNS. BOLD (blood oxygen level dependent) fMRI (functional magnetic resonance imaging), with its relatively high spatio-temporal resolution, performed during VNS, can reveal the location and level of the brain's immediate response to VNS. As a whole, these studies demonstrate that VNS causes immediate and longer-term changes in brain regions with vagus innervations and which have been implicated in neuropsychiatric disorders. These include the thalamus, cerebellum, orbitofrontal cortex, limbic system, hypothalamus, and medulla. Functional neuroimaging studies have the potential to provide greater insight into the brain circuitry behind the activity of VNS. © 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Polymorphisms in the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor 1 and 2B subunits are associated with alcoholism-related traits$$$ Background: This study examined the hypothesis that allelic variants of the ionotropic glutamatergic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) are associated with vulnerability to alcoholism and some related traits. Methods: We investigated the silent G2108A and C2664T polymorphisms of the NMDAR1 and the NMDAR2B genes, respectively. The case control study included 367 alcoholic and 335 control subjects of German origin. The family-based study comprised 81 Polish alcoholic patients and their parents using the transmission disequilibrium test. Results: The genotype frequencies of the NMDAR1 polymorphism differed significantly between control and alcoholic subjects. This difference was also observed in more homogenous subgroups of alcoholic subjects with vegetative withdrawal syndrome and Cloninger type 1. Patients with a history of delirium tremens or seizures during withdrawal showed a significantly increased prevalence of the A allele. Genotyping of the NMDAR2B polymorphism revealed a significantly reduced T allele in Cloninger type 2 alcoholics and in patients reporting an early onset compared with control subjects. Our family-based study for NMDAR2B, revealed a trend to a preferred transmission of the C allele by the fathers, and families with early-onset patients contributed most to this trend. Conclusions: These results suggest that variants in NMDAR genes are associated with alcoholism and related traits. © 2003 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
Integrated Treatment of Schizophrenia$$$ The importance of combining psychosocial and pharmagologic interventions for optimum outcome in the treatment of schizophrenia is now well recognized. However, less research is available on ways in which the two types of treatment may affect each other. This article reviews research and principles applying to the integrated use of current psychosocial and pharmacologic treatments for schizophrenia. Emphasis is placed on areas of interaction, including patient adherence and the effect of antipsychotic medications on cognitive functioning. Recommendations are presented for specific clinical situations. ER  - 
Levetiracetam: Treatment in epilepsy$$$ A large number of new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have become available over the last 10 years. Results from placebo-controlled clinical trials and community-based practice have demonstrated that levetiracetam has a broad spectrum of activity in suppressing seizures as add-on treatment and monotherapy and that it is safe and well-tolerated. Levetiracetam also has a favourable pharmacokinetic profile characterised by rapid and nearly complete absorption, very low potential for drug interactions and a prolonged pharmacodynamic effect that permits twice-daily dosing. Although, the mechanism of action of levetiracetam is not completely understood, preclinical studies suggest that it may have antiepileptogenic and neuroprotective effects, with the potential to slow or arrest disease progression. ER  - 
Mood disorders following traumatic brain injury$$$ Mood disorders are a frequent complication of traumatic brain injury that exerts a deleterious effect on the recovery process and psychosocial outcome of brain injured patients. Prior psychiatric history and impaired social support have been consistently reported as risk factors for developing mood disorders after traumatic brain injury (TBI). In addition, biological factors such as the involvement of the prefrontal cortex and probably other limbic and paralimbic structures may play a significant role in the complex pathophysiology of these disorders. Preliminary studies have suggested that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors such as sertraline, mood stabilizers such as sodium valproate, as well as stimulants and ECT may be useful in treating these disorders. Mood disorders occurring after TBI are clearly an area of neuropsychiatry in which further research in etiology as well as treatment is needed. ER  - 
New 5-HT2C receptor agonists$$$ While there is evidence for the involvement of different serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine; 5-HT) receptors in the regulation of food intake and body weight maintenance, the data supporting the role of the 5-HT2C receptor are especially strong. This information has elevated 5-HT2C receptor activation into one of the most competitive research areas for antiobesity therapy, a therapeutic area with few (if any) safe, effective pharmacological agents available. Varying amounts of evidence also exist to support the use of 5-HT2C agonists for the pharmacological treatment of several other conditions, including anxiety, depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, sexual dysfunction, epilepsy, urinary incontinence and hot flushes. The therapeutic potential of 5-HT2C receptor modulation has spawned a successful search for 5-HT2C receptor agonists. This review will focus on recent patent applications through August 2003 that describe compounds that have agonist activity at the 5-HT2C receptor, and should be complementary to previous Expert Opinion discussions on the 5-HT2C receptor [1-7]. ER  - 
Advances in Neuropathic Pain: Diagnosis, Mechanisms, and Treatment Recommendations$$$ Chronic neuropathic pain, caused by lesions in the peripheral or central nervous system, comes in many forms. We describe current approaches to the diagnosis and assessment of neuropathic pain and discuss the results of recent research on its pathophysiologic mechanisms. Randomized controlled clinical trials of gabapentin, the 5% lidocaine patch, opioid analgesics, tramadol hydrochloride, and tricyclic antidepressants provide an evidence-based approach to the treatment of neuropathic pain, and specific recommendations are presented for use of these medications. Continued progress in basic and clinical research on the pathophysiologic mechanisms of neuropathic pain may make it possible to predict effective treatments for individual patients by application of a pain mechanism-based approach. ER  - 
Levetiracetam: Its use in partial-onset seizure$$$ Levetiracetam is one of the newer antiepileptic drugs released within the past decade and is indicated for use as adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset seizures. It is a novel antiepileptic drug with a unique activity profile and is chemically unrelated to existing antiepileptic drugs. The mechanism of action of levetiracetam does not involve conventional modulation of any of the three main mechanisms underlying classical antiepileptic drug activity. Levetiracetam pharmacokinetics are linear and time invariant. In addition, levetiracetam has shown clinical efficacy in randomized controlled trials for treatment of partial-onset seizures. Levetiracetam also has favorable pharmacokinetic and safety profiles. The purpose of this article is to examine the drug profile of levetiracetam, based on information derived from its preclinical and clinical studies. Furthermore, this article seeks to highlight key characteristics of levetiracetam that clinicians should consider in order to deliver individualized care to patients with epilepsy. ER  - 
Topiramate in migraine prevention$$$ Migraine is a common episodic headache disorder characterized by attacks that consist of various combinations of headache and neurologic, gastrointestinal and autonomic symptoms. Migraine with aura may be due to neuronal hyperexcitability, perhaps from cortical disinhibition. It is likely that headache results from the activation of meningeal and blood vessel nociceptors combined with a change in central pain modulation. Antiepileptic drugs are increasingly being recommended for migraine prevention since placebo-controlled, double-blind trials prove them to be effective. Topiramate is a structurally unique antiepileptic drug that was discovered by serendipity. It is a derivative of the naturally occurring monosaccharide D-fructose and contains sulfamate functionality. Topiramate may bind to membrane channel complexes at phosphorylation sites in the inner loop and, thereby, allosterically modulate ionic conductance through the channels. The topiramate MIGR-001, MIGR-002 and MIGR-003 trials represent the largest controlled trials of a migraine preventive agent ever performed. Treatment with 100 or 200 mg/day of topiramate was associated with significant reductions in migraine frequency, migraine days and the number of migraine attacks per month. Topiramate was also associated with a reduced use of acute medications. The most common adverse events were difficulty with concentration and attention, difficulty with memory, mood problems, anorexia and weight loss, paresthesias, hypoesthesia and language problems. Topiramate is a first-line migraine preventive drug and should be considered preferentially for all patients in whom weight gain is a concern, who are currently overweight or who have coexistent epilepsy or bipolar disease. ER  - 
Role of clobazam in the treatment of epilepsies$$$ The antiepileptic effect of clobazam was first described in 1973. The main advantages of clobazam as an antiepileptic drug are Its fast-onset of action and effect against a wide variety of seizures. Despite sometimes losing its effectiveness after a previous period in which it has been effective, clobazam may keep its antiepileptic effect when used intermittently. Tolerance is much more common with benzodiazepines than the other antiepileptic drugs. Although tolerance to clobazam does occur, sustained responders have been identified, and many patients maintain their controlled seizures for several months. Clobazam is a safe drug, and its efficacy is probably equivalent to that of the new antiepileptic drugs. Therefore, it should be considered as add-on medication in the treatment of epilepsy. Clobazam is rapidly and completely absorbed and can be used intermittently, especially for catamenial epilepsy and in patients with clusters of seizures, but only during periods of seizure exacerbation. ER  - 
Use of psychopharmacologic agents in the elderly$$$ Most psychiatric disorders in elderly patients are amenable to treatment, provided that intervention is thorough and intensive. Appropriate and judicious use of psychopharmacologic agents has a potential for dramatically improving the quality of life and functional status of many elderly patients with psychiatric disorders. The decision to prescribe a psychopharmacologic agent in elderly patients is a serious and complex issue. Several basic principles need to be followed (Table 6). Although some strides have been made in the last decade regarding safety and efficacy of many psychopharmacologic agents in elderly patients, for many psychopharmacologic agents, large randomized controlled studies to evaluate efficacy and safety in elderly patients are lacking. Sparse data are available regarding the long-term effects of psychopharmacologic agents in elderly patients. Important gaps remain in our knowledge concerning the optimal duration of treatment for most psychiatric disorders in elderly patients. The treatment data deficiency is most striking among the oldest old (patients aged 85 and older), frail medically ill elderly patients (such as nursing home residents), and ethnic minority groups. Future research should focus on these and other relevant issues related to the use of psychopharmacologic agents in elderly patients. ER  - 
Electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly$$$ ECT is a safe, useful, and effective treatment for a variety of disorders and can be administered safely in elderly patients. Efforts need to be undertaken to increase the awareness and acceptability of ECT treatments. As Carl Salzman says in the January 1998 issue of the American Journal of Psychiatry, "Let us not perpetuate outmoded, nonscientific and incorrect attitudes toward ECT in our younger colleagues. Rather, let us stimulate scientific curiosity and research into this cost-effective and safe psychiatric treatment.". ER  - 
A Riddle Wrapped in a Mystery: Understanding Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C$$$ Background: Niemann-Pick disease, type C (NPC), is a lipid storage disease that may present at any age from fetal life to the seventh decade. Its protean manifestations include hepatic and pulmonary failure, as well as a range of progressive neuropsychiatric phenotypes. Late onset disease has been increasingly recognized as the biochemical diagnosis of NPC has been more widely applied. Review Summary: The phenotypes, biochemical, and molecular bases of NPC are reviewed. Indistinguishable phenotypes are produced by mutations in two distinct genes, designated NPC 1 and NPC 2, that play key roles in the intracellular trafficking of lipids. The diagnosis of NPC is challenging as the characteristic vertical supranuclear gaze palsy is difficult to recognize, organomegaly is often absent, and neuroimaging and standard biochemical screening studies are usually normal. Definitive diagnosis requires demonstration of the trafficking defect in cultured fibroblasts, supplemented in selected cases by genotyping. Animal studies have shown that inhibition of glycosphingolipid synthesis may delay the onset of disease and prolong survival; a human trial of this approach is underway. Conclusions: NPC is a model for inborn errors of metabolism whose gene product mediates molecular trafficking rather than catabolizing macromolecules, as in classic lipid storage diseases. NPC should be considered in the differential diagnosis of progressive neurodegenerative disorders at any age. The astute clinician can provide great comfort to families afflicted by NPC by making an accurate diagnosis, notwithstanding the absence of definitive treatment. ER  - 
Emerging drugs in migraine treatment$$$ Ergot alkaloids have been the mainstay of acute migraine therapy for most of the 20th century. They have been supplanted by sumatriptan-like drugs ('triptans'), which, while keeping some of the ergots' mechanisms of action, show improved safety profiles due to their increased receptor selectivity. However, triptans are still far from being perfect drugs: they can constrict human coronary arteries at therapeutic doses and, therefore, are contra-indicated in the presence of cardiovascular disease. Another problem with these agents is recurrence of moderate-to-severe pain within 24 h of initial headache relief. While mechanism-driven drug design has led to the development of various novel, albeit still imperfect, acute antimigraine medications, only a few new prophylactic agents have been made available to migraine clinicians. The efficacy of most, if not all of them has been discovered serendipitously. This is probably due to the fact that, while the pathophysiology of a migraine attack is now reasonably understood, the mechanisms leading to an attack are still mostly unknown. This update analyses the profile of some antimigraine drugs in clinical trials, their mode of action and their potential advantages or drawbacks over already available agents. ER  - 
Duloxetine and others tricyclic antidepressants: Pharmacodynamic effects on lower urinary tract$$$ INTRODUCTION: During years the pharmacology of the lower urinary tract function has been presided by the protagonism of the autonomic nervous system and its components, simpathetic and parasimpathetic. Recent investigations proved a greater complexity of mictional dynamics, attributing a more important role to the central nervous system (SNC), to the striated sphincter and to the afferent arc, offering a new opportunity to the Tricyclic Antidepressants (T.A.), reason for this general review. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Using as reference the work of the First Consultation on Incontinence (Montecarlo, 1999), the previous and later publications about T.A. have been reviewed, including experimental (isometric and "in vivo" studies) and clinical studies, investigating on pharmacological evidences, mechanism of action, tolerance and other effects of T.A. RESULTS: Only a reduced group of T.A. have been submitted to experimental evaluations and employeed in clinical trials. The recent works on Duloxetine have waked up a special interest by their pharmacological potential. CONCLUSIONS: New knowledge on the peripheral and central control of the continence-miction dynamic offer new pathways for the treatment with T.A., whose effectiveness and tolerance are reviewed. ER  - 
Adjunctive therapy versus alternative monotherapy in patients with partial epilepsy failing on a single drug: A multicentre, randomised, pragmatic controlled trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the value of alternative monotherapy versus adjunctive therapy in partial epilepsy refractory to single antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy. Design and methods: In a multicentre, parallel-group, open-label study, patients with cryptogenic or symptomatic partial epilepsy not controlled after single or sequential AED monotherapies were randomised to monotherapy with an alternative AED or to adjunctive therapy with a second AED. The AED to be added/substituted and dose adjustments were determined by the physician's best judgement. Patients were followed up until withdrawal from the allocated treatment or for 12 months, whichever first. Outcome measures included proportion of patients continuing on the assigned treatment strategy, proportion of patients seizure-free after achieving the target maintenance dose, and adverse effects rates. Data were analysed by actuarial life tables, Kaplan-Meier survival analysis and Cox proportional hazard regression model. Results: Of a total of 157 patients (including 94 previously exposed to only one AED), 76 were randomised to alternative monotherapy and 81 to adjunctive therapy. The two groups were balanced in clinical characteristics. The 12-month cumulative probability of remaining on the assigned treatment was 55% in patients randomised to alternative monotherapy and 65% in those randomised to adjunctive therapy (P=0.74). The 12-month probability of remaining seizure-free was 14 and 16%, respectively (P=0.74). Adverse effects were similar in the two groups. No significant differences in outcome within or between groups were identified based on etiology of epilepsy and previous AED exposure. Conclusions: Although these findings should be interpreted with caution due to the low statistical power resulting from the relatively small sample size, alternative monotherapy and adjunctive therapy were associated with similar outcomes. Further work is required to determine whether outcome could be improved through identification of specific AED combinations with synergistic activity. © 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Modafinil in the treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness in children$$$ Background: Modafinil is an alerting agent approved for the treatment of narcolepsy in adults. There are no studies examining the long-term effects and safety profile of modafinil in children with excessive daytime somnolence (EDS). Obectives: To determine the effects of modafinil on clinical manifestations of narcolepsy and idiopathic hypersomnia. Methods: A systematic chart review was conducted for 13 children (mean age 11.0±5.3 years, six males, 10 with narcolepsy and three with idiopathic hypersomnia) receiving modafinil. Results: The mean modafinil dose was 346±119 mg/day, with a mean treatment duration of 15.6±7.8 months. For approximately 90% of the children treated, parents reported a favorable response with the reduction in sudden sleep attacks, as documented by sleep-wake diaries. One child failed to improve on 400 mg/day modafinil and was switched to methylphenidate. Two other children showed only partial improvement and required additional stimulant medication to control EDS symptoms. Seven children underwent repeated nocturnal polysomnography and multiple sleep latency tests (MSLT). Compared to baseline MSLT measures (mean sleep latency: 6.6±3.7 min), modafinil prolonged mean sleep latency (10.2±4.8 min, p=0.02) without significant alteration in nocturnal polysomnographic measures. However, a trend towards REM sleep reduction was noted (16.8±5.1 %TST vs. 11.8±6.2 %TST). Exacerbation of seizures and psychotic symptoms was reported with modafinil therapy in two children with preexisting conditions. Hematological and hepatic functions assessed every 3 months remained unaltered. Conclusion: Modafinil has a modest, yet significant effect on EDS in children and appears to be safe and well tolerated. © 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Lamotrigine: Treatment of Epilepsy in the Elderly$$$ Objective: To review the pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, clinical use, and potential adverse effects of lamotrigine in elderly patients with epilepsy. Data Sources: English-language literature regarding humans was searched from January 1990 through January 2003 using PubMed and the terms "lamotrigine," "epilepsy," and "elderly." Study Selection: Studies of epilepsy treatment with lamotrigine in elderly patients, review articles, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic studies, and clinical studies/reports regarding adverse effects of lamotrigine were evaluated. Two studies specifically dealing with lamotrigine treatment of epilepsy in the elderly were reviewed in detail. Data Extraction: Data from identified publications were included. Relevant data from other patient populations were evaluated and used to develop recommendations. Data Synthesis: The pharmacokinetic and pharmacologic profiles of lamotrigine were evaluated to assess this drug's utility for treatment of epilepsy in the elderly. Safety, efficacy, and frequency of common side effects such as sedation and cognitive interference were assessed and compared with those of other antiepileptic drugs. Risk factors for less common, serious adverse effects such as skin rash and hypersensitivity were evaluated. Specific risks to elderly patients related to these adverse effects were assessed. Potential interactions between lamotrigine and other drugs likely to be used in elderly patients with seizure disorders were evaluated. Conclusion: Lamotrigine is an effective antiepileptic drug in the elderly. It has a favorable side effect profile when accepted dosage recommendations are followed. Elderly patients do not appear to be at increased risk for lamotrigine-induced skin rashes and hypersensitivity reactions. Cotherapy with valproate may increase the likelihood of skin rash. Combined treatment with lamotrigine and carbamazepine may increase central nervous system (CNS) adverse effects. Interactions between lamotrigine and other drugs are uncommon. Additional evaluations of long-term outcomes in elderly patients treated for epilepsy with lamotrigine will clarify the place of this drug in therapy. ER  - 
Weight Gain in Bipolar Disorder: Causes and Treatments$$$ Bipolar disorder is associated with a high incidence of significant obesity, much of which is likely iatrogenic and caused by mood-stabilizing medications. This obesity produces a significant psychosocial burden, increases the risk for a range of comorbid medical disorders, and leads to higher rates of medication noncompliance and clinical relapse. Fortunately, the range of mood-stabilizing agents is expanding and several of the newer agents have a lower tendency to promote weight gain. Also, a greater focus on medication-associated weight gain has increased the data available to aid in medication selection. This article summarizes epidemiologic data relating obesity to bipolar illness, describe the associations between specific mood stabilizers and weight gain, and provide practical approaches to the management of weight gain in bipolar patients. ER  - 
Diagnosis and Management of Neuropathic Pain States$$$ Neuropathic pain affects approximately 1% of the population and is most common in those with diabetes. Although knowledge about its pathobiology and molecular biology has increased, the clinical treatment of neuropathic pain remains difficult. The efficacy of opioids in the treatment of neuropathic pain is controversial and side effects limit their use. Other pharmacologic classes that have efficacy in the management of neuropathic pain include tricyclic antidepressants, selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, and antiepileptics. This review discusses the etiology of neuropathic pain and presents evidence for its treatment with drugs from different pharmacologic classes. ER  - 
Atypical and conventional depot medications$$$ The introduction of atypical antipsychotics created a therapeutic dilemma between choosing the oral novel antipsychotic or the conventional depot form. Clinicians want the advantages of both, resulting in higher levels of polypharmacy. Modern psychiatry is probably in a transitional stage from the depot culture to safer oral medications or even to a safer depot culture. ER  - 
Neurotherapy and the challenge of empirical support: A call for a neurotherapy Practice Research Network$$$ This paper summarizes a review of the empirical support for neurotheraphy (NT) as a treatment for psychological and neurological disorders according to the criteria for efficacious treatments set forth by Chambless and Hollon (1998). The review classifies the level of efficacy established for five of ten disorders examined according to the evidence reported in the literature. Specific suggestions for two distinct future research strategies are given. The first of these is in the area of mechanism research and efficacy; the second is a proposal for the creation of an observational study Practitioner Research Network (PRN) aimed at providing data on the effectiveness of neurotherapy as practiced in the field. © 2003 by the Haworth Press, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Opinion and evidence in neurology and psychiatry$$$ The management of neurological and psychiatric disorders is a vast and evolving area for researchers, primary care physicians and specialists. To help you keep up to date with the latest advances worldwide on all aspects of drug therapy for neurological and psychiatric disorders, this section of the journal brings you information selected from the drug therapy reporting service Inpharma Weekly1. The following reports are selected from the latest issues, summarising the most important research and development news, clinical studies, treatment guidelines, pharmacological, pharmacoeconomic and adverse drug reactions/interactions news, and expert opinion pieces published across a broad range of literature sources. ER  - 
Lamotrigine: A review of its use in bipolar disorder$$$ Lamotrigine (Lamictal®), a phenyltriazine derivative, is a well established anticonvulsant agent that has shown efficacy in the prevention of mood episodes in adult patients with bipolar I disorder. The mechanism of action of the drug in patients with bipolar disorder may be related to the inhibition of sodium and calcium channels in presynaptic neurons and subsequent stabilisation of the neuronal membrane. Lamotrigine monotherapy significantly delayed time to intervention with additional pharmacotherapy or electroconvulsive therapy for any new mood episode (mania, hypomania, depression and mixed episodes), compared with placebo, in two large, randomised, double-blind trials of 18 months' duration. Additionally, lamotrigine was significantly superior to placebo at prolonging time to intervention for depression. These effects of lamotrigine were demonstrated in both recently manic/hypomanic and recently depressed patients. Lamotrigine showed efficacy in delaying manic/hypomanic episodes in pooled data only, although lithium was superior to lamotrigine on this measure. Two of four double-blind, short-term studies have shown lamotrigine to be more effective than placebo in the treatment of patients with treatment-refractory bipolar disorder or those with bipolar depression. Lamotrigine has not demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of acute mania. Lamotrigine was generally well tolerated in maintenance studies with the most common adverse events being headache, nausea, infection and insomnia. Incidences of diarrhoea and tremor were significantly lower in lamotrigine- than in lithium-treated patients. The incidence of serious rash with lamotrigine treatment was 0.1% in all studies of bipolar disorder and included one case of mild Stevens-Johnson syndrome. Lamotrigine did not appear to cause bodyweight gain. The dosage of lamotrigine is titrated over a 6-week period to 200 mg/day to minimise the incidence of serious rash. Adjustments to the initial and target dosages are required if coadministered with valproate semisodium or carbamazepine. Conclusion: Lamotrigine has been shown to be an effective maintenance therapy for patients with bipolar I disorder, significantly delaying time to intervention for any mood episode. Additionally, lamotrigine significantly delayed time to intervention for a depressive episode and showed limited efficacy in delaying time to intervention for a manic/hypomanic episode, compared with placebo. Although not approved for the short-term treatment of mood episodes, lamotrigine has shown efficacy in the acute treatment of patients with bipolar depression but has not demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of acute mania. Lamotrigine is generally well tolerated, does not appear to cause bodyweight gain and, unlike lithium, generally does not require monitoring of serum levels. Lamotrigine is a phenyltriazine derivative. The mechanism of action of the drug in the treatment of patients with bipolar disorder is not fully understood, but may be related to the inhibition of sodium and calcium channels in presynaptic neurons and subsequent stabilisation of the neuronal membrane. In addition, lamotrigine has demonstrated neuroprotective effects in animal models. Lamotrigine lacks appreciable in vitro affinity for dopaminergic, adrenergic, muscarinic, opioid and adenosine receptors at clinically relevant concentrations, but binds weakly to serotonin 5HT3 receptors. It also down-regulates cortical 5HT 1A receptor-mediated adenyl cyclase responses in an animal model. Normal synaptic conduction is unaffected by lamotrigine, which suppresses abnormal (sustained repetitive) firing of sodium-dependent action potentials in animal models. Early studies in patients with epilepsy who received lamotrigine indicated a propensity for improved mood, which led to controlled clinical trials in patients with bipolar disorder. Lamotrigine has minimal effects on psychomotor, cognitive and memory function and appears not to be associated with sedative effects or bodyweight gain. Oral lamotrigine is readily bioavailable (98%), and undergoes minimal first-pass metabolism. Absorption of lamotrigine is unaffected by food. Linear pharmacokinetics show peak lamotrigine concentrations occurring 1-3 hours after a dose. ER  - 
Cannabis-based medicines - GW Pharmaceuticals. High CBD, high THC, medicinal cannabis - GW Pharmaceuticals, THC:CBD$$$ GW Pharmaceuticals is undertaking a major research programme in the UK to develop and market distinct cannabis-based prescription medicines [THC:CBD, High THC, High CBD] in a range of medical conditions. The cannabis for this programme is grown in a secret location in the UK. It is expected that the product will be marketed in the US in late 2003. GW's cannabis-based products include selected phytocannabinoids from cannabis plants, including D9 tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD). The company is investigating their use in three delivery systems, including sublingual spray, sublingual tablet and inhaled (but not smoked) dosage forms. The technology is protected by patent applications. Four different formulations are currently being investigated, including High THC, THC:CBD (narrow ratio), THC:CBD (broad ratio) and High CBD. GW is also developing a specialist security technology that will be incorporated in all its drug delivery systems. This technology allows for the recording and remote monitoring of patient usage to prevent any potential abuse of its cannabis-based medicines. GW plans to enter into agreements with other companies following phase III development, to secure the best commercialisation terms for its cannabis-based medicines. In June 2003, GW announced that exclusive commercialisation rights for the drug in the UK had been licensed to Bayer AG. The drug will be marketed under the Sativex® brand name. This agreement also provides Bayer with an option to expand their license to include the European Union and certain world markets.[1] GW was granted a clinical trial exemption certificate by the Medicines Control Agency to conduct clinical studies with cannabis-based medicines in the UK. The exemption includes investigations in the relief of pain of neurological origin and defects of neurological function in the following indications: multiple sclerosis (MS), spinal cord injury, peripheral nerve injury, central nervous system damage, neuroinvasive cancer, dystonias, cerebral vascular accident and spina bifida, as well as for the relief of pain and inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis and also pain relief in brachial plexus injury. The UK Government stated that it would be willing to amend the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 to permit the introduction of a cannabis-based medicine. GW stated in its 2002 Annual Report that it was currently conducting five phase III trials of its cannabis derivatives, including a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with a sublingual spray containing High THC in more than 100 patients with cancer pain in the UK. Also included is a phase III trial of THC:CBD (narrow ratio) being conducted in patients with severe pain due to brachial plexus injury, as are two more phase III trials of THC:CBD (narrow ratio) targeting spasticity and bladder dysfunction in multiple sclerosis patients. Another phase III trial of THC:CBD (narrow ratio) in patients with spinal cord injury is also being conducted. Results from the trials are expected during 2003. Three additional trials are also in the early stages of planning. These trials include a phase I trial of THC:CBD (broad ratio) in patients with inflammatory bowel disease, a phase I trial of High CBD in patients with psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia, and a preclinical trial of High CBD in various CNS disorders (including epilepsy, stroke and head injury). GW Pharmaceuticals submitted an application for approval of cannabis-based medicines to UK regulatory authorities in March 2003. Originally GW hoped to market cannabis-based prescription medicines by 2004, but is now planning for a launch in the UK towards the end of 2003. ER  - 
Seizure duration with remifentanil/methohexital vs. methohexital alone in middle-aged patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: The object of this study was to test whether substituting part of the methohexital dose with the short-acting opioid remifentanil would prolong seizure duration in middle-aged patients while providing a similar depth of anesthesia as with methohexital alone. This has been reported for the combined use of methohexital and remifentanil in elderly patients, but has not been investigated in middle-aged patients likely to require a higher total dose of methohexital for inducing anesthesia. Method: Seven patients (42±10years; mean±SD) receiving electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were anesthetized with methohexital (1.25 mg kg-1) or with methohexital (0.625 mg kg-1) plus remifentanil (1 μg kg -1) in this randomized, double blind, crossover study. Additional methohexital was given as needed until loss of eyelash reflex was observed. Suxamethonium (1 mg kg-1) was used for muscular paralysis. Results: Motor and EEG seizure durations were significantly longer after induction with methohexital plus remifentanil (45±14 and 58±15 s) than with methohexital alone (31±11 and 42±18 s). A methohexital dose of 1.2±0.3 and 1.9±0.3 mg was necessary to achieve loss of eyelash reflex if methohexital was used with and without remifentanil. Peak heart rate after ECT was significantly higher if remifentanil was coadministered with methohexital (148±12 vs. 126±24 b.p.m). Conclusion: Substituting part of the methohexital dose with remifentanil is a useful anesthetic technique to prolong seizure duration in middle-aged patients requiring a 1.5-fold higher induction dose of methohexital than elderly patients, the only population studied to date for the combined use of methohexital and remifentanil in ECT. © Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica. ER  - 
A last resort in myeloma$$$ • There is no reference treatment for patients with multiple myeloma who have relapsed, or not responded to first-line treatment. • Thalidomide has been granted temporary authorisation in France for patients with multiple myeloma who have no other therapeutic option. • A non comparative trial of thalidomide therapy in 169 patients showed an increase in the survival time of a few months with an oral dose of 200 mg to 800 mg/day. In other trials the main endpoint was a fall in the circulating level of monoclonal immunoglobulin. • Three non comparative trials of the thalidomide + dexamethasone combination failed to show a survival advantage relative to thalidomide alone. There is no evidence that adding one or several cytotoxic agents to this combination improves outcomes, but assessment is limited to three small non comparative trials. • Thalidomide has many adverse effects, including neuropathies (often irreversible) and venous thromboembolism. It is highly teratogenic, and its use by men and women of childbearing potential is subject to strict conditions. • In practice, thalidomide monotherapy is justified for patients with multiple myeloma who have no other therapeutic option. All patients should be given comprehensive information on the risk-benefit ratio of this drug. ER  - 
Eating disorders in children and adolescents$$$ Anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa are common disorders in the pediatric population. This article is designed to help the clinician develop a detailed understanding of these disorders as they affect children and adolescents. The etiology, diagnosis, complications, and treatment of these eating disorders are discussed. The special circumstances of diabetes mellitus, athletics, and the interface with the obese patient also are covered. The need to correctly identify a patient with the disorder, perform the appropriate testing, and organize the most appropriate treatment is required from virtually every primary care practitioner. ER  - 
Smoking cessation strategies in patients with peripheral arterial disease: An evidence-based approach$$$ Introduction. Smoking is the single most important aetiological factor for the development and progression of atherosclerosis. Unfortunately, most patients receive little or no treatment for their nicotine addiction. This review aims to make evidence based recommendations for smoking cessation as part of a comprehensive delivery of best medical therapy to patients with peripheral arterial disease. Methods. A search of MEDLINE (1966 to 2003) and the Cochrane library was undertaken for studies relating to smoking cessation. Major priority was given to meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials including Cochrane reviews. Results. Physician advise, nicotine replacement therapy and Bupropion are all evidence based treatments that have success in increasing the likelihood of permanent smoking cessation. A basic understanding of the psychology of addictive behaviour is essential so that appropriate advice and treatment can be tailored to individual patients. Conclusions. Complete and permanent smoking cessation is by far the most clinically and cost effective intervention in patients with atherosclerosis. Greater awareness of smoking cessation strategies, by clinicians treating vascular patients, is essential for the effective delivery of best medical therapy. ER  - 
Tolerance, hospital stay, and recovery after uterine artery embolization for fibroids: The Ontario Uterine Fibroid Embolization Trial$$$ PURPOSE: Uterine artery embolization (UAE) is gaining popularity as an alternative to hysterectomy for the treatment of fibroids. Although minimally invasive treatments such as UAE offer the potential of fewer complications, shorter hospital stay, and quicker recovery than surgery, there have been few published data on tolerance and recovery in patients undergoing UAE. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a multicenter prospective single-arm clinical treatment trial involving the practices of 11 interventional radiologists in eight Ontario university-affiliated and community hospitals. Between November 1998 and November 2000, 555 women underwent UAE for symptomatic uterine fibroids. Follow-up included ultrasound examinations and telephone interviews. UAE was performed under conscious sedation. Polyvinyl alcohol particles (355-500 μm) were the primary embolic agent, and the procedural endpoint involved stasis in the uterine arteries. Pain protocols included antiinflammatory medications and narcotics and a planned overnight hospital admission. Tolerance and recovery were measured by patient-reported pain intensity (10-point numeric rating and five-point descriptor scale), hospital length of stay (LOS), and time until return to work. RESULTS: Intraprocedural pain was reported by 30% of patients and postprocedural pain was reported by 92% of patients (mean pain rating ± SD, 7.0 ± 2.47). The mean hospital LOS was 1.3 nights. Postprocedural pain was the most common indication for an LOS greater than 1 night (18%) or 2 nights (5%). Return visits to the hospital (10%) and readmissions (3%) were primarily for pain. The overall postprocedural complication rate was 8.0% (95% CI: 5.9%-10.6%). Of the 44 complications, 32 (73%) were pain-related. The mean recovery time after UAE was 13.1 days (median, 10.0 d). CONCLUSION: The majority of patients had a 1-night LOS after UAE and recovered within 2 weeks. Postprocedural pain varied considerably and was the major indication for extended hospital stay and recovery. ER  - 
Attentional Ability in Children with Epilepsy$$$ Attention problems are frequently seen in children with epilepsy. This review gives an overview of the most used constructs of attention and analyzes the available evidence for attention deficits in children with epilepsy, the effects of epilepsy variables on attention, and the possible pathophysiological mechanisms involved. Children with benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BCECTS) have sustained attention difficulties, Right (R)-sided interictal epileptiform activity in these children interferes with R hemisphere function including sustained attention. Children with BCECTS also show selective and divided attention deficits if they have epileptiform discharges during sleep. Children with complex partial seizures (CPSs) have sustained attention deficits but no difficulties in selective or divided attention. Cognitive difficulties in children with epilepsy arise more frequently the earlier the onset of the epilepsy, and this could influence attentional ability development. Antiepileptic drug treatment is unlikely to impair attention, but phenobarbital has behavioral side effects similar to those in attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder. Concerning pathophysiology, evidence indicates that interictal epileptiform activity in children with BCECTS impairs sustained attention and that ongoing epileptiform discharges during sleep may impair attention. Further systematic studies of different aspects of attention in children with epilepsy are needed. Attention in children with drug-resistant epilepsy has not been addressed, and prospective studies before and after epilepsy surgery could be a useful model to study the influence of seizures on attentional ability. ER  - 
Epidemiology of Posttraumatic Epilepsy: A Critical Review$$$ Problem: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a major cause of epilepsy. We need to understand its frequency and its contribution to the total spectrum of the convulsive disorders. Methods: A review of selected articles dealing with epilepsy after brain trauma was undertaken. Results: The number of epidemiologic studies of posttraumatic seizures has increased substantially over the past 40-50 years, offering steadily increasing knowledge of the frequency, natural history, and risk factors of this well-recognized complication of TBI. In general, the incidence of posttraumatic seizures varies with the time period after injury and population age range under study, as well as the spectrum of severity of the inciting injuries, and has been reported to be anywhere from 4 to 53%. As high as 86% of patients with one seizure after TBI will have a second in the next 2 years. Longer-term remission rates of 25-40% have been reported. Significant risk factors for the development of seizures in the first week after injury include acute intracerebral hematoma (especially subdural hematoma), younger age, increased injury severity, and chronic alcoholism. Significant risk factors for the development of seizures >1 week after TBI include seizures within the first week, acute intracerebral hematoma (especially subdural hematoma), brain contusion, increased injury severity, and age >65 years at the time of injury. Conclusions: Epilepsy is a frequent consequence of brain injury in both civilian and military populations. We understand some factors associated with its development, but there remain many unanswered questions. ER  - 
Comparative Roles of Levofloxacin and Ofloxacin in the Treatment of Multidrug-Resistant Tuberculosis: Preliminary Results of a Retrospective Study from Hong Kong$$$ Objective: To compare levofloxacin and ofloxacin in the treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB). Patients and methods: A retrospective analysis of 106 patients with MDR-TB (February 1990 through December 2000) receiving directly observed therapy with fluoroquinolone and accompanying drugs, which mainly included aminoglycosides, cycloserine, ethionamide/prothionamide, and pyrazinamide, was performed. Clinical data from 99 suitable patients were subjected to univariate analysis, stratification, and multiple logistic regression to compare the roles of levofloxacin and ofloxacin in multidrug regimens. Results: Forty patients received 612.5 ± 79.0 mg qd levofloxacin (mean ± SD), and 59 patients received 628.8 ± 101.8 mg qd ofloxacin together with similar active second-line drugs for similar durations. The times to sputum smear (both 1.8 months) and culture conversion (both 2.1 months) were equivalent. Adverse reactions occurred at similar rates (10.0% vs 11.9%). The combined treatment success rate was 83.8%, being higher among ofloxacin-susceptible than ofloxacin-resistant cases (90.5% vs 64.0%, p < 0.01). The success rates for the levofloxacin group were 90.0% (overall), 96.2% (ofloxacin-susceptible cases), and 78.6% (ofloxacin-resistant cases) in comparison with 79.7%, 87.5%, and 45.5%, respectively, for the ofloxacin group (Mantel-Haenszel common odds ratio estimate, 4.0; p < 0.05). Bacillary susceptibility to ofloxacin, good adherence, radiographic extent of one lung or less, and use of levofloxacin were independent predictors of favorable outcome (odds ratios, 7.6 to 21.3). One patient each from both groups relapsed. Conclusion: Levofloxacin was found to be more efficacious than ofloxacin when incorporated into multidrug regimens used for treatment of MDR-TB. ER  - 
Clinical predictors of response to acetyl cholinesterase inhibitors: Experience from routine clinical use in Newcastle$$$ Background: Acetyl Cholinesterase Inhibitors (AChEIs) have been in clinical use for the past five years in the UK for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD). There are few data on the patterns and predictors of response to AChEI therapy in routine clinical practice. We therefore investigated clinical variables that may distinguish between AChEI responders and non-responders. Methods: A retrospective sample of 160 consecutive patients with dementia who were treated on clinical grounds with an AChEI was studied. Treatment response was defined in two ways: (a) A clinical response was achieved when there was no deterioration or there was an improvement on a global clinical assessment (CGI) and (b) a Mini-Mental-State-Examination (MMSE) response when there was an improvement of 2 or more MMSE points. Results: A total of 62 (45%) patients achieved an MMSE response. A diagnosis of dementia with Lewy Bodies (DLB) and Parkinson's disease + Dementia (FDD) was associated with a MMSE response, as were hallucinations, and lower MMSE scores at baseline. 125 (78%) patients achieved a CGI response for which there were no clinical predictors. Conclusions: Severity of illness, a diagnosis of DLB and FDD, and presence of hallucinations at baseline were predictive of a MMSE response. Non-AD dementia and severe dementia responded equally well to AChEI treatment and results of further randomised, placebo-controlled studies are needed to clarify the role of AChEI in the treatment of these disorders. Copyright © 2003 John Willey & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Recent development in the treatment of bipolar disorders$$$ Recently, many new therapeutic options have become available for the treatment of bipolar disorder. Most of these options are agents originally developed to treat other conditions, such as anticonvulsants and antipsychotics. Some older agents have also been rediscovered or reformulated. New drug combinations and treatment strategies have enabled a more comprehensive treatment of the spectrum of bipolar symptoms, as well as bipolar disorder complicated by a range of comorbidities, to be targeted. A growing range of novel therapeutic options for the treatment of bipolar disorder is under investigation. This paper summarises some of the data regarding these potential therapeutic options. ER  - 
Immediate and Delayed Complications of Dexamethasone Cyclophosphamide Pulse (DCP) Therapy$$$ Dexamethasone-cyclophosphamide pulse (DCP) is the prefered mode of therapy in pemphigus in India because it is relatively free from the side effects seen with heavy doses of daily oral steroids. One hundred forty-six pemphigus patients treated with DCP were observed for side effects of this regimen. One hundred forty mg of dexamethasone was administered IV in 200 ml of 5% dextrose over a period of 60-90 minutes on 3 consecutive days. Five hundred mg of cyclophosphamide was added on first day of the pulse and 50 mg given orally daily in the intervening period. DCP was repeated every 4 weeks and continued for 6 months after subsidence of the disease (no new lesions). Flushing over the face was the most common event recorded during the adiministration in 78 subjects followed by palpitations in 11, hiccups in 9, and numbness of feet in 6. Fourteen patients had polyurea, and 3 developed skin rash. Shivering, shooting pains along thighs, breathlessness, seizure and unilateral limb edema were observed in one patient each. Generalized weakness/malaise was the most troublesome delayed side effect in 81 (55.4%) patients; it lasted for 8-15 days after the pulse. Thirty-six (24.6%) had inadequate sleep syndrome, 23 (15.7%) had headache, 21 (14.3%) complained of arthralgias, 19 (13%) experienced alteration in taste, and 13 (9%) had diffuse hair loss. 28 females developed menstrual disturbances, and 14 (9.5%) had blurring of vision (glaucoma in 3 and posterior subcapsular cataract in 1). Thirteen of eighteen diabetics had an increase in blood sugar requiring higher doses of insulin. Five NIDDM patients needed insulin. Four (2.7%) developed hypertension. Pulse therapy is not absolutely free from side effects. Hypertension and diabetes occur less frequently as compared to conventional steroid therapy. Generalized weakness, flushing, headache and taste alteration occur exclusively with pulse therapy. ER  - 
Anticholinergic syndrome in anesthesia$$$ The anticholinergic syndrome (SA) resulting from antagonisation of the acetylcholine at the muscarinic receptor. The clinical picture of SA has central and peripheral component: Clinical signs include a wide spectrum of behavioural disorders ranging from restlessness, confound, delirium, nettled, hallucinations, mydriasis, tachycardia, violent behaviour, hyperthermia, dry mucosa membranes, dry, hot and red skin, urinary retention, coma, cardiogenic shock or cardiorespiratory arrest and rarely seizures. The unchained drugs are the anticholinergics atropine and scopolamine such as fentanyl, meperidine, buprenorfine, Metadona, ketamine, etomidato, propofol, butyrophenones, benzodiazepines and halogenated inhalation anesthetics. The diagnosis is presumptive and depends solely clinical signs and symptoms. Differential diagnosis of SA includes disorders of glucose and electrolyte metabolism, severe hormonal imbalance, respiratory disorders (Hypoxia, hypercarbia), hypothermia, hyperthermia and neuropsychyatric diseases. The specific antidote for SA is Physostigmine (0.04 mg/kg), the propofol or diazepam is recommended to reduce cortical excitement because the physostigmine is not available in our country. ER  - 
Current and emerging therapeutic approaches to hepatitis C infection$$$ Hepatitis C virus is a frequent disease infecting an estimated 3% of the worlds population. It represents a major health problem and must be combated by all means. The aim of this review is to discuss the current treatment methods, including interferon-α, either standard or pegylated, and ribavirin. Emerging treatments will also be discussed for this potentially curable disease. © Future Drugs Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Complex partial seizures and depression$$$ A long-recognized association exists between epilepsy and affective disturbance, especially depression. People with complex partial seizures that result from temporal lobe seizure foci are highly vulnerable to psychiatric disorders. Accurate diagnosis of such disorders is an important key to treatment. Interictal depression or dysphoria is the most clinically significant problem of this type. Pharmacotherapeutic treatments that have positive effects in other types of depressive illness are also effective for depression associated with epilepsy. Electroconvulsive therapy is helpful to some patients with depression that is refractory to drug treatment or psychotherapy. Surgical resection of seizure foci may lead to psychiatric improvement for some individuals, but can also have psychiatric complications. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Recent advances in the pharmacotherapy of depression$$$ The pharmacotherapy of depression has changed substantially during the last decade. The most important progress has been the development of compounds which possess markedly reduced binding capacities at receptor sites not linked to their antidepressive action. This development has improved tolerability both in therapeutic use and in overdose. The antidepressants discussed are: SSRIs, moclobemide, venlafaxine, nefazadone, mirtazapine, reboxetine and bupropion. ER  - 
Safety and feasibility of magnetic seizure therapy (MST) in major depression: Randomized within-subject comparison with electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a novel means of performing convulsive therapy using rapidly alternating strong magnetic fields. MST offers greater control of intracerebral current intensity than is possible with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). These features may result in a superior cognitive side effect profile for MST, while possibly retaining the efficacy of ECT. The objective of this study was to determine whether MST and ECT differ in seizure characteristics, and acute objective and subjective cognitive side effects. A total of 10 inpatients in a major depressive episode referred for ECT were enrolled in this randomized, within-subject, double-masked trial. Seizure threshold was determined with MST and ECT in the first two sessions of a course of convulsive therapy, with order randomized. The remaining two sessions consisted of suprathreshold stimulation with MST and ECT. A neuropsychological battery and side effect rating scale were administered by a masked rater before and after each session. Tonic-clonic seizures were elicited with MST in all patients. Compared to ECT, MST seizures had shorter duration, lower ictal EEG amplitude, and less postictal suppression. Patients had fewer subjective side effects and recovered orientation more quickly with MST than ECT. MST was also superior to ECT on measures of attention, retrograde amnesia, and category fluency. Magnetic seizure induction in patients with depression is feasible, and appears to have a superior acute side effect profile than ECT. Future research will be needed to establish whether MST has antidepressant efficacy. © 2003 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: The Lennox-Gastaut syndrome is an age-specific disorder, characterised by epileptic seizures, a characteristic electroencephalogram (EEG), psychomotor delay and personality disorders. It occurs more frequently in males and onset is usually before the age of eight with a peak between three and five years. Late cases occurring in adolescence and early adulthood have rarely been reported. Language is frequently affected with both slowness in ideation and expression in addition to difficulties of motor dysfunction. Severe behavioural disorders (for example hyperactivity, aggressiveness and autistic tendencies)and personality disorders are nearly always present. There is also a tendency for psychosis to develop with time. The long-term prognosis is poor; although the epilepsy often improves, complete seizure freedom is rare and conversely the mental and psychiatric disorders tend to worsen with time. OBJECTIVES: To compare the effects of pharmaceutical therapies used to treat Lennox-Gastaut syndrome in terms of control of seizures and adverse effects. Many people who suffer from this syndrome will already be receiving other antiepileptic medications at the time of their entry into a trial. However, for the purpose of this review we will only consider the effect of the single therapeutic agent being trialed (often as add-on therapy). SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the Cochrane Epilepsy Group trials register (March 2003), MEDLINE (1966 to March 2003) and EMBASE (1980 to March 2003). In addition, we contacted pharmaceutical companies and colleagues in the field to ascertain any unpublished/ongoing studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of the administration of drug therapy to patients with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Data was independently extracted by two reviewers. Analysis included assessing study quality, as well as statistical analysis of the effects on overall seizure rates and effects on specific seizure types (eg drop attacks), adverse effects and mortality. MAIN RESULTS: We found five RCTs, but were unable to perform any sort of meta-analysis, because each trial looked at different populations, different therapies and considered different outcomes. REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS: The optimum treatment for Lennox-Gastaut syndrome remains uncertain and no study to date has shown any one drug to be highly efficacious; lamotrigine, topiramate and felbamate may be helpful as add-on therapy. Until further research has been undertaken clinicians will need to continue to consider each patient individually, taking into account the potential benefit of each therapy weighed against the risk of adverse effects. ER  - 
Thyrotropin-releasing hormone administration does not affect seizure threshold during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Despite the fact that a role for thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) in seizure modulation has been consistently hypothesized, the exact nature of this role remains unclear. In this study, we investigated the effects of TRH administration on seizure threshold and seizure duration in 13 depressed inpatients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). In a balanced order crossover design, an intravenous bolus of 0.4 mg TRH or placebo was administered immediately before anesthesia, during the first two sessions, in a series of bilateral ECT. In both of these sessions, a threshold titration procedure was applied by using gradual increments of the electrical charge delivered until seizure elicitation, a procedure that has been safely used in the past. Seizure threshold was defined as the lowest energy level required for induction of a grand mal seizure, by use of this titration procedure. Seizure duration was estimated both by simultaneous EEG recording and by the cuff method. Results showed that neither seizure threshold, nor seizure duration (either by cuff or by EEG) differed between the TRH and the placebo conditions, regardless of the order in which TRH or placebo were administered in the two ECT sessions. This was the case regardless of whether the patients had at baseline a blunted TSH response to TRH or not. Our findings do not support a role for TRH on seizure modulation, at least when TRH is administered exogenously. Such an effect, if it exists, could be obscured, however, by several factors, including pharmacokinetics. ER  - 
Effect of antiepileptic drugs on bodyweight: Overview and clinical implications for the treatment of epilepsy$$$ The potential of specific antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) to cause clinically significant changes in bodyweight is a key consideration in the management of epilepsy; changes in weight can pose health hazards, impair body image and self-esteem, and lead to noncompliance with therapy. This article reviews the data regarding the effects of conventional and newer AEDs on weight and discusses the clinical implications of these effects for the management of patients with epilepsy. The data demonstrate that AEDs can differ substantially in their effects on weight. Some, such as valproate and carbamazepine, increase weight; others, such as topiramate and felbamate, decrease it. Still others, such as lamotrigine, levetiracetam and phenytoin, are weight neutral. Because most data regarding the effects of AEDs on weight are circumstantial, the incidence, magnitude and determinants of weight changes with AEDs remain poorly elucidated. Furthermore, little is known about the mechanisms of AED-induced changes in weight. The importance of effects on weight in selecting an AED depends largely upon the individual patient's needs and the risks and benefits of therapy for that patient. The most appropriate therapeutic choice is a weight-neutral medication unless circumstances dictate otherwise. ER  - 
Tuberculosis$$$ Among communicable diseases, tuberculosis is the second leading cause of death worldwide, killing nearly 2 million people each year. Most cases are in less-developed countries; over the past decade, tuberculosis incidence has increased in Africa, mainly as a result of the burden of HIV infection, and in the former Soviet Union, owing to socioeconomic change and decline of the health-care system. Definitive diagnosis of tuberculosis remains based on culture for Mycobacterium tuberculosis, but rapid diagnosis of infectious tuberculosis by simple sputum smear for acid-fast bacilli remains an important tool, and more rapid molecular techniques hold promise. Treatment with several drugs for 6 months or more can cure more than 95% of patients; direct observation of treatment, a component of the recommended five-element DOTS strategy, is judged to be the standard of care by most authorities, but currently only a third of cases worldwide are treated under this approach. Systematic monitoring of case detection and treatment outcomes is essential to effective service delivery. The proportion of patients diagnosed and treated effectively has increased greatly over the past decade but is still far short of global targets. Efforts to develop more effective tuberculosis vaccines are under way, but even if one is identified, more effective treatment systems are likely to be required for decades. Other modes of tuberculosis control, such as treatment of latent infection, have a potentially important role in some contexts. Until tuberculosis is controlled worldwide, it will continue to be a major killer in less-developed countries and a constant threat in most of the more-developed countries. ER  - 
Psychiatric adverse events during levetiracetam therapy$$$ The prevalence and psychopathologic features of psychiatric adverse events (PAE) in 517 patients taking levetiracetam (LEV) were investigated. Fifty-three (10.1%) patients developed PAE. A significant association was found with previous psychiatric history, history of febrile convulsions, and history of status epilepticus, whereas lamotrigine co-therapy had a protective effect. PAE were not related to the titration schedule of LEV, and certain patients seem to be biologically more vulnerable. ER  - 
Dermatologic and nondermatologic uses of thalidomide$$$ OBJECTIVE: To review published data on thalidomide, with emphasis on current knowledge about mechanism of action, new and/or potential dermatologic and nondermatologic therapeutic applications, well-known and emerging adverse effects, and current indications for its safe use. DATA SOURCES: Review articles, in vitro research studies, references from retrieved articles, case reports, and clinical trials were identified from a computerized literature search using MEDLINE and OVID (1966-January 2003) and on the Cochrane Clinical Trials Register (January 2003). Information available from meetings' abstract books, Internet, or pharmaceutical companies was also considered. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: All articles identified as relevant, including those from non-English literature, were considered in an attempt to provide to the reader both the theoretical basis and practical guidelines for thalidomide pharmacotherapy. DATA SYNTHESIS: Thalidomide has hypnosedative, antiangiogenic, antiinflammatory, and immunomodulatory properties. Moreover, it has been shown to selectively inhibit the production of tumor necrosis factor-α and reduce the expression of various integrin receptors on the membrane of leukocytes and other cell types in a dose-dependent fashion. Controlled trials demonstrated the efficacy of thalidomide in a number of diseases, including erythema nodosum leprosum, lupus erythematosus, aphthosis, graft-versus-host disease, prurigo nodularis, and actinic prurigo. Single case reports or studies in small series have also suggested a possible role for thalidomide in numerous other dermatologic and nondermatologic disorders. Possibly severe and sometimes irreversible risks related to the clinical use of thalidomide include teratogenicity and neurotoxicity. CONCLUSIONS: Although teratogenicity and neurotoxicity are significant adverse effects requiring cautious use, thalidomide is an effective therapeutic modality in a variety of difficult-to-treat disorders and, providing careful selection of patients, should offer an acceptable risk-to-benefit ratio. ER  - 
The relationship of average volume of alcohol consumption and patterns of drinking to burden of disease: An overview$$$ Aims: As part of a larger study to estimate the global burden of disease attributable to alcohol: • to quantify the relationships between average volume of alcohol consumption, patterns of drinking and disease and injury outcomes, and • to combine exposure and risk estimates to determine regional and global alcohol-attributable fractions (AAFs) for major disease and injury categories. Design, methods, setting: Systematic literature reviews were used to select diseases related to alcohol consumption, Meta-analyses of the relationship between alcohol consumption and disease and multi-level analyses of aggregate data to fill alcohol-disease relationships not currently covered by individual-level data were used to determine the risk relationships between alcohol and disease. AAFs were estimated as a function of prevalence of exposure and relative risk, or from combining the aggregate multi-level analyses with prevalence data. Findings: Average volume of alcohol consumption was found to increase risk for the following major chronic diseases; mouth and oropharyngeal cancer; oesophageal cancer; liver cancer; breast cancer; unipolar major depression; epilepsy; alcohol use disorders; hypertensive disease; hemorrhagic stroke: and cirrhosis of the liver. Coronary heart disease (CHD), unintentional and intentional injuries were found to depend on patterns of drinking in addition to average volume of alcohol consumption. Most effects of alcohol on disease were detrimental, but for certain patterns of drinking, a beneficial influence on CHD, stroke and diabetes mellitus was observed. Conclusions: Alcohol is related to many major disease outcomes, mainly in a detrimental fashion. While average volume of consumption was related to all disease and injury categories under consideration, pattern of drinking was found to be an additional influencing factor for CHD and injury. The influence of patterns of drinking may be underestimated because pattern measures have not been included in many epidemiologic studies. Generalizability of the results is limited by methodological problems of the underlying studies used in the present analyses. Future studies need to address these methodological issues in order to obtain more accurate risk estimates. ER  - 
Sustained efficacy and long-term safety of oxcarbazepine: One-year open-label extension of a study in refractory partial epilepsy$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the long-term efficacy, tolerability, and safety of oxcarbazepine (OXC) in medically refractory partial epilepsy. Methods: This study is the open-label extension phase that followed a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, dose-response clinical study of OXC monotherapy in patients with medically refractory partial epilepsy. We analyzed the efficacy, tolerability, and safety of OXC during the first 48 weeks of open-label therapy. To evaluate efficacy, we compared the change in seizure frequency throughout the 48 weeks of treatment with OXC with the baseline seizure frequency that preceded the double-blind phase of the core study by an intent-to-treat and completer analysis. Safety and tolerability were evaluated by using an intent-to-treat analysis. Results: Of the 87 patients enrolled in the double-blind study, 76 patients participated in the open-label extension phase. Fifty-five (72%) patients completed 48 weeks of open-label treatment on a median OXC dose of 2,400 mg/day. Based on an intent-to-treat analysis, the median reduction in seizure frequency was 47% (p = 0.0054); the 50 and 75% responder rates were 46. 1 and 25.0%, respectively, with 6.6% of patients remaining seizure free. The completer analysis yielded comparable efficacy results. OXC was well tolerated, with 13% of patients exiting because of adverse events. The six most common adverse events, irrespective of their causal relation to OXC, were dizziness, headache, fatigue, diplopia, nausea, and rash. For the most part, these adverse events tended to be transient. Conclusions: The efficacy of OXC is sustained with good safety and tolerability profiles during long-term treatment of patients with medically refractory partial epilepsy. ER  - 
Increased frequency of rolandic spikes in ADHD children$$$ Purpose: Some children with rolandic epilepsy have associated neuropsychiatric deficits resembling symptoms of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), the most common neurobehavioral disorder of childhood. The clinical overlap between both syndromes has received relatively little attention. The study examines the frequency of rolandic spikes in nonepileptic children with ADHD and compares it with a historic control group of 3,726 normal school-aged children. ADHD patients with and without discharges are compared regarding age at admission, sex, global functioning, and distribution of ADHD subtypes. Methods: The EEGs of 483 ADHD outpatients between 2 and 16 years meeting diagnostic criteria for ADHD according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSMIV) were evaluated prospectively. If rolandic spikes were present, separate sleep EEGs were performed to exclude a bioelectrical status epilepticus during slow-wave sleep. Results: Rolandic spikes were detected in the EEGs of 27 children (5.6%; 22 boys and five girls). Seizure rate during follow-up tended to be larger in children with rolandic spikes. No significant differences were found between ADHD patients with and without spikes regarding sex and global functioning. ADHD children with rolandic spikes came to our attention significantly earlier than did children without discharges and tended to exhibit more hyperactive-impulsive symptoms, evidenced in a larger proportion of the diagnosis of ADHD combined type than ADHD inattentive type. Conclusions: The frequency of rolandic spikes in children with ADHD is significantly higher than expected from epidemiologic studies. The question arises how ADHD symptoms are related to rolandic spikes in this ADHD subgroup. Possibly rolandic discharges or underlying, not fully understood mechanisms of epileptogenesis decrease the vulnerability threshold, advance the onset, or aggravate the course of ADHD. ER  - 
Risk factors and predictors of compliance in depression$$$ Naturalistic studies show that the average length of antidepressant treatment is less than 6 months and that discontinuations are high, especially in primary care depressed patients. Factors leading to treatment discontinuation are multiple and poorly understood. Discontinuations are most frequent during the first month of therapy, and the prevalent reasons vary during the course of therapy. Approximately 25% of patients do not inform their physician about stopping their antidepressant medication. Recent research provides new information that may serve as a guideline for improving compliance. The physician-patient relationship, including the amount of time the physician takes to explain the expected duration of treatment and possible adverse effects, is a key factor. The physician's attitude about the medication is also important. Strategies should be adapted to the stage of treatment, as common reasons for discontinuation change as treatment progresses. © 2003 Published by Elsevier B.V./ECNP. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Concurrent use of psychotropic medication and ECT in the treatment of depression$$$ INTRODUCTION: It has been suggested that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) may lengthen ECT-induced seizures but may be more effective than tricyclic antidepressants (TCA) in preventing relapse following ECT. The present study attempted to determine the effects of concurrent psychotropic medication on ECT seizure duration, treatment response and time to readmission. METHOD: Retrospective case note study of 70 depressed patients receiving bilateral ECT during a 4-year period at a single ECT unit. RESULTS: Antidepressant class had no effect on seizure duration, immediate outcome, time to readmission or further ECT; no patients had prolonged seizures; readmission was less likely in patients whose antidepressant class was changed after ECT than in those continuing on the same drugs (median survival of 102 and 37 weeks respectively, P = 0.0050). Patients with a poorer long-term outcome were more likely to be prescribed combined antidepressants/lithium or anticonvulsants in the continuation phase (P = 0.0017) and have been treated with higher ECT doses (P = 0.0021). CONCLUSION: The use of concurrent antidepressants has no major clinical influence on seizure duration or response to ECT. However, changing the pharmacotherapy regime post-ECT may improve prognosis. ER  - 
The role of pharmacotherapy in assisting smoking cessation$$$ Tobacco use represents the single most important preventable health hazard world-wide. Its consumption confers substantially increased mortality and morbidity due to cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and respiratory disease, and malignancy in a number of sites. A key goal towards improving public health in developing and developed countries alike is to reduce tobacco use across populations. Despite this, current data suggest that global tobacco use is increasing. There have been recent pharmacological advances that offer the hope of achieving more effective tobacco cessation and reduced consumption among established tobacco users. These are discussed in further detail, with reference to evidence supporting their use in clinical practice. ER  - 
Antipsychotic prescribing in older people$$$ Antipsychotic medications have made a significant contribution to the care of the mentally ill people over the past 50 years, with good evidence that both typical and atypical agents are effective in the treatment of schizophrenia and related conditions. In addition they are widely used to good effect in other disorders including psychotic depression, dementia and delirium. Both typical and atypical agents may cause severe side-effects and, in the elderly in particular, there is an increased propensity for drug interactions. If used with care, antipsychotics are usually well tolerated, especially the atypical drugs. Although antipsychotics are effective at reducing psychotic symptoms their limitations should be recognised. They do not 'cure' the underlying illness, and the management of psychotic and behavioural symptoms must take into consideration treatment of physical illness as well as psychosocial interventions. In addition, the antipsychotic effect may take one to two weeks to be evident so doses should not be increased too rapidly. Often small doses are effective in the elderly if they are given sufficient time to work. As our understanding of the mechanisms of psychosis improves it is hoped that new drugs will be developed with novel mechanisms of action with improved efficacy and reduced side-effects. There are several drugs in development, some sharing similarities to currently available agents whilst others have novel mechanisms of actions involving glutamate and nicotinic receptors. Pharmacogenetics is also likely to be increasingly important over the next few years. As the genetic basis of many psychiatric disorders becomes more clearly established it is likely that drugs specifically designed for particular sub-groups of receptors will be developed. Finally, although the pharmacological treatment of psychotic disorders in younger people has been given considerable attention, there is a paucity of good quality research on antipsychotic drug use in older people. There is a need to redress this balance to ensure that the prescribing of antipsychotics in older people is evidence based. ER  - 
The attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder paradox: 2. Phenotypic variability in prevalence and cost of comorbidity$$$ The objective of this study was to use population-based data to estimate the cost and phenotypic variation of conditions comorbid with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The North Dakota Department of Health's Claims Database was used to estimate the administrative prevalence, rates of comorbidity, and cost of care for subjects with ADHD. The case population was 7745 children. We then examined the 10 most frequent comorbidities for a defined condition in the International Classification of Diseases-9th edition (ICD-9). The observed prevalence of general health conditions was 12 to 70% less than expected. The presence of a comorbid condition resulted in increases in costs of care of $381 to $731 per case per year. The observed prevalence of comorbid mental health conditions was 97 to 5286% higher than expected. The prevalence of conditions comorbid with ADHD varies widely, with rates of general medical conditions decreased and rates of most mental disorders increased. The costs for comorbidity with general health conditions were offset by large decreases in prevalence rates compared with controls. We identified an ADHD paradox: decreased rates of comorbid general health conditions and increased rates of comorbid mental disorders. Further research on comorbidity in ADHD is required. ER  - 
Use of risperidone in a paediatric population: An observational study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the impact of risperidone on functional impairment in a paediatric sample and to document the range of adverse drug reactions. Methods: Risperidone treatment in children and adolescents (n = 51) with severe behavioural disturbances was assessed retrospectively to determine clinical response and adverse events. The change in patient functional performance during treatment was assessed using the Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children Measure of Function (MOF) score. Changes in target behaviours (such as severe aggression) were also assessed. Results: The average duration of follow up was 9 months. Clinical improvement was demonstrated in 76% of the sample. There was a statistically significant improvement in the mean MOF with risperidone therapy (10.61 with 99% confidence interval 6.6-14.6). Risperidone appeared to be particularly useful in patients with autistic spectrum disorders. Twenty-five of the 51 patients (49%) experienced side-effects including sedation (27%), weight gain (20%), anticholinergic (10%) and extrapyramidal (8%) side-effects. Conclusions: This study suggests that risperidone is an effective agent in severely behaviourally disturbed paediatric patients. However, risperidone use is limited by the high frequency of side-effects. Randomized controlled trial data are required to determine the safety and efficacy of risperidone. ER  - 
Inpatient child and adolescent psychiatric referrals in Saudi Arabia: Clinical profiles and treatment$$$ A retrospective review was made of the case records of inpatients referred to the psychiatric consultation-liaison service of King Khalid University Hospital, Saudi Arabia over a 6-year period. For the 109 patients under 18 years old, the study noted both the medical or surgical diseases diagnosed as well as psychiatric disorders and the treatment approaches used by psychiatrists. Depressive and adjustment disorders were the most often diagnosed psychiatric ilinesses.The most common medical diagnoses were epilepsy, drug overdose, ambiguous genitalia, orthopaedic injuries and diabetes mellitus. Young people with these medical problems are in real need of psychological assessment and intervention. ER  - 
Pharmacological treatment of hypertension in pregancy$$$ The hypertensive disorders of pregnancy complicate 5-10% of pregnancies. Of these disorders 70% are pregnancy related (preeclampsia-eclampsia and gestation hypertension) and 30 % are a pre-existing hypertensive condition (chronic hypertension). These disorders are associated with maternal and fetal complications and have a substantial economic impact. This review examined the pharmacological treatment of the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. There is a general consensus that anti-hypertensive should be given with severe hypertension and this should be in the hospital. The value of antihypertensive drugs in pregnant women with mild hypertension continues to be an area of debate that the evidence is too scanty to securely evaluate the clinical benefits of treating mild hypertension during pregnancy. The choice of the anti hypertensive agents depends on individual clinician preference, the specified maternal and foetal benefits and the reproductive complications (teratogenisity, fetotoxicity and neonatal toxicity) of each particular agent. There are unequivocal evidences that Magnesium sulphate is superior to other agents in reducing recurrent eclamptic seizures. There is a strong recent evidence recommended that magnesium sulphate should be considered for women with pre-eclampsia for whom there is concern about the risk of eclampsia. ER  - 
Psychiatric side effects of medications prescribed in internal medicine$$$ Several pharmacological treatments used in internal medicine can induce psychiatric side effects (PSEs) that mimic diagnoses seen in psychiatry. PSEs may occur upon withdrawal or intoxication, and also at usual therapeutic doses. Drugs that may lead to depressive, anxious, or psychotic syndromes include corticosteroids, isotretinoin, levodopa, mefloquine, interferon-α, and anabolic steroids, as well as some over-the-counter medications. PSEs are often difficult to diagnose and can be very harmful to patients. PSEs are discussed in this review, as well as diagnostic dues to facilitate their identification. ER  - 
What is an adequate trial with clozapine? Therapeutic drug monitoring and time to response in treatment-refractory schizophrenia$$$ Clozapine is the gold standard and 'last resort' in treatment of refractory schizophrenia. It is important to know whether a trial with clozapine is adequate or not. Six studies show a significantly higher response rate at clozapine plasma trough levels above a therapeutic threshold of 350-400 μg/L. The absolute risk reduction is about 40%. An additional study found best results with plasma levels between 300 and 700 μg/L, and one (probably too small) study could not detect a significantly different response rate for 350-450 μg/L in comparison to 200-300 μg/L. In addition, two extension studies showed conversion from non-responders to responders if plasma levels increased above the threshold. Investigations on time to response in treatment with clozapine are often hampered by not controlling for time until plateau of dose titration or clozapine concentration. One of the better studies found 34 responders within 8 weeks after the last dose escalation. The remaining 16 non-responding patients did not change their status during a mean follow-up of 75 weeks. A second 1 year trial found a superior differential response rate for clozapine in comparison to haloperidol only during the first 6 weeks. A third study combined regular clozapine plasma level assays with assessment of response status. At the time of response 17 out of 19 responders showed clozapine concentrations above 350 μg/L. The nine non-responders remained below this threshold throughout the rest of the year. These results favour an approach of raising the clozapine plasma level in treatment-refractory schizophrenic patients who do not respond to an initial low-to-medium dose treatment with clozapine. Some patients, especially young male smokers, will need dosages higher than 900 mg/day. Addition of low-dose fluvoxamine while closely monitoring clozapine levels can help decrease the high number of necessary pills. An adequate trial with clozapine should last at least 8 weeks on a plasma trough level above 350-400 μg/L. ER  - 
Weight gain in the treatment of mood disorders$$$ Overweight and obesity have become an urgent public health problem in the United States: approximately 61% of the adult population (97 million adults) are overweight or obese, where overweight is defined as a body mass index (BMI) ≥ 25 and obesity is defined as a BMI ≥ 30. Overweight and obesity increase the risk for developing many serious chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and certain cancers. Increased morbidity due to obesity-related disorders begins within the normal weight range. Weight gain in adulthood per se, even in individuals who are normal weight, has deleterious health effects. Medications, particularly those commonly used in psychiatry and neurology, are a significant iatrogenic source of overweight and obesity. The weight gain potential of prescription medications should be considered in order to enhance patient compliance and reduce the risk of metabolic sequelae of weight gain. This article provides an overview of the weight-gain potential of several classes of drugs commonly used in psychiatric practice and considerations for clinicians in prescribing these medications. ER  - 
Newer anticonvulsants: Dosing strategies and cognition in treating patients with mood disorders and epilepsy$$$ Background: Anticonvulsants are employed to treat a variety of disorders. The most common adverse side effects of anticonvulsants are mediated via the central nervous system. Examples include sedation, dizziness, psychomotor slowing, and impairment of attention, memory, and other cognitive functions. Since multiple new anticonvulsants have been introduced in recent years, the question arises as to the frequency and magnitude of their cognitive side effects. Method: Experimental design flaws in assessing the cognitive effects of anticonvulsants were reviewed. A MEDLINE search of the medical literature was conducted, cross-referencing terms related to cognition and anticonvulsants. Research articles were selected based on their relevance to the topic and adherence to methodological criteria. Results: Incomplete information is available on the new anticonvulsants, but the present data suggest that some of the newer anticonvulsants possess favorable cognitive profiles. Also, the importance of dosing regimens and titration speed at drug initiation is discussed. Conclusion: All anticonvulsants possess some cognitive side effects, but differential effects can be seen. The cognitive effects of several newer anticonvulsants have been examined, but additional studies are needed to fully establish the cognitive effects of these agents. Dosage, titration rate at initiation, comedications, individual sensitivity, and underlying disease processes may influence cognitive side effects. Understanding these factors is important to maximize the benefits of anticonvulsant therapy. Cognitive side effects are one of the factors that physicians should consider in drug choice and monitoring of their patients. ER  - 
Bupropion sustained release for treatment of tobacco dependence$$$ Tobacco use is a global pandemic. The most common pharmacological treatments of tobacco use and dependence include nicotine replacement therapy and nonnicotine medications. Bupropion sustained release (SR) is the only first-line nonnicotine medication recommended by the US Public Health Service Clinical Practice Guideline. Randomized controlled clinical trials have shown that bupropion SR doubles abstinence rates compared with placebo. Long-term treatment with bupropion SR may reduce or delay smoking relapse. Bupropion SR has an excellent adverse effect profile, although a risk exists for serious adverse effects such as seizures. The risk of serious adverse effects associated with bupropion SR can be reduced by careful selection of patients. This article reviews the evidence of efficacy and common adverse effects of bupropion SR and delineates the clinical characteristics of patients at higher risk for adverse effects when bupropion SR is prescribed for treatment of tobacco use and dependence. ER  - 
A review of pharmacologic treatments for obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Objective: Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a chronic and often disabling disorder that affects 2 to 3 percent of the U.S. population. Optimal treatment involves a combination of pharmacologic and cognitive-behavioral therapies. Advances in psychopharmacology have led to safe and effective treatments for obsessive-compulsive disorder that provide clinically significant improvement in symptoms. In this article the authors review studies of pharmacologic treatments. Methods: A MEDLINE search was conducted to identify relevant articles from 1991 to 2002. Double-blind, placebo-controlled studies as well as open-label studies and case reports were included. Results and discussion: The serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs), including clomipramine, fluvoxamine, fluoxetine, sertraline, and paroxetine, have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of adults with obsessive-compulsive disorder; three of these (clomipramine, fluvoxamine, and sertraline) have been approved for treatment of children and adolescents. Clomipramine and the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are first-line agents. However, 40 to 60 percent of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder do not respond to adequate treatment trials with SRIs, and agents that alter serotonin receptors and other neurotransmitter systems, such as dopamine, norepinephrine, and second-messenger systems, may play a role in treatment. Treatment options for patients who do not respond to SRIs include switching, augmentation, or novel-agent strategies. Up to two-thirds of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder have comorbid psychiatric disorders, which may present a challenge in pharmacologic treatment. Major depressive disorder is the most common comorbid condition. Nonpharmacologic invasive techniques may play a role in refractory cases of obsessive-compulsive disorder, but further research is warranted. ER  - 
Myoclonus$$$ Purpose of review: Myoclonus, one of the most common involuntary movement disorders, poses particular challenges for the treating physician. The evaluation of a patient with myoclonus depends completely on the clinical history and examination, supported when necessary by electrophysiology, neuroimaging and selected genetic and laboratory testing. The sudden, shock-like jerks which define myoclonus may be highly disabling, and when they persist, often require treatment. Recent findings: In a paper published in this journal, we reviewed the published trials of antimyoclonic agents, and formulated a treatment algorithm based on the available evidence. In the current paper, we present our approach for evaluating patients with myoclonus, and suggest practical guidelines for treating patients based on the pre-2000 literature and on studies published in the last 2 years. The newer medications which are being used in management of myoclonus are levetiracetam and γ-hydroxybutyric acid. Levetiracetam is especially useful for posthypoxic myoclonus and γ-hydroxybutyric acid for alcohol-sensitive myoclonus. A combination of medications is often needed to obtain adequate control of symptoms. Botulinum toxin is also being introduced for focal myoclonus with encouraging results. Summary: There are no approved medications for myoclonus, and most therapies are borrowed from the antiepileptic and psychiatric armamentarium. Nonetheless, there is a logic to the choice and dosing of antimyoclonic drugs, and we hope that by applying a few simple principles, neurologists will approach the care of these patients with confidence. ER  - 
Psychiatric disorders during pregnancy$$$ Treating women with psychiatric disorders during pregnancy is a challenge for numerous reasons. Balancing the risks and benefits of symptoms and treatments is particularly important during pregnancy because both medication and maternal illness may have adverse effects on the fetus. Communication of options in the management of psychiatric disorders in pregnancy is vital to optimal treatment. One barrier to effective communication has been a paucity of research from which clinicians can draw information, particularly in the area of pharmacological treatment. However, emerging evidence points to the low risk of many psychotropic medications during pregnancy. Uncertainty must not prevent frank risk-benefit discussions from occurring between treating physicians and their pregnant patients. Psychiatrists can prepare themselves for management decisions by reviewing the current literature. ER  - 
The range of therapeutic efficacy of atypical antipsychotics: A critical evaluation$$$ Atypical antipsychotics (AA) have revolutionized the treatment of schizophrenia, now being the treatment of choice for patients with this disorder. The positive therapeutic experience with the AA in the treatment of these disorders and their favourable adverse-effect profiles, has encouraged clinicians to extend their usage beyond their initial regulatory approval in several conditions and patient groups. It is noticeable that the positive results with AA in the treatment of aggression, depressive and manic syndromes tend to be overestimated and generalised, slowly creating the idea that these agents are omnipotent in the treatment of two big groups of psychiatric disorders: schizophrenia and affective disorders. The aim of this study is to summarize the clinical experiences in the treatment of these two groups of disorders, with the intention of taking the first step towards a clearer definition of their field of therapeutic usage and effectiveness. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Venlafaxine: A 2003 update$$$ Background: Venlafaxine has been available for use as an antidepressant in the United States for a decade. Objective: Comprehensive reviews of venlafaxine have been published elsewhere; thus, this update focuses on newer issues of treatment remission in depression, treatment-resistant depression, and extended-release venlafaxine for generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Methods: Relevant clinical literature from 1993 through 2003 was identified from database searches of MEDLINE and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts, and from manual searches of reference lists of the identified papers. Search terms included venlafaxine extended-release, venlafaxine XR, treatment-resistant depression, depressive disorders, anxiety disorders, generalized anxiety disorder, and antidepressive agents second generation. Results: With its dual action of serotonin and noradrenergic reuptake inhibition, venlafaxine has been shown to be superior in efficacy to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for severe major depressive disorder, treatment-resistant depression, and depressive symptom remission. Its demonstrated efficacy for both short- and long-term treatment of GAD has led to its use for obsessive-compulsive disorder and chronic pain syndromes, although inadequate clinical literature currently exists to support these latter 2 uses. In the past decade, no new or unexpected adverse events have been identified with venlafaxine therapy, except a possibly greater risk of fatal overdose compared with other serotonergic drugs, suggesting the need for caution in patients with suicidal ideation. Because venlafaxine is a potent serotonin agonist, caution must also be exercised to prevent the possibility of serotonin syndrome when used with other serotonin agonists, and its dose should be tapered very gradually to minimize the risk of a serotonin withdrawal reaction. Conclusion: Venlafaxine has emerged as a successful post-SSRI-era antidepressant with an expanded range of uses since it was first marketed. Copyright © 2003 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of Losigamone in partial seizures: A randomized double-blind study$$$ The objective of the study was to investigate the efficacy and safety of two different dosages of Losigamone (LSG) in add-on treatment of partial seizures. In a multi-center, double-blind, randomized clinical trial, patients received one of three 12-week treatments: placebo, LSG 1200mg/day, or 1500mg/day, in addition to up to three standard anticonvulsants after a prospective period of 12 weeks to assess baseline seizure frequency. The primary efficacy measure was the relative reduction of seizure frequency per 4 weeks in the double-blind phase as compared to baseline. In the intention-to-treat population of 264 patients, the relative median reduction of partial seizure frequency was 3.3% for placebo, 19.7% for LSG 1200mg/day, and 25.3% for LSG 1500mg/day. The differences of both LSG groups versus placebo were significant (P<0.01, two-tailed). In the responder analysis, 11.8% of the patients in the placebo group, 17.2% in the LSG 1200mg/day group, and 29.3% in the LSG 1500mg/day group showed a seizure reduction versus baseline of at least 50%. A positive association between dosage and response was observed (P=0.003). Adverse events during treatment were reported by 58.8% of the patients for placebo, by 62.1% for LSG 1200mg/day and by 76.1% for LSG 1500mg/day. Most events in the LSG groups occurred during the first 4 weeks of double-blind (during or immediately after up-titration) and subsided quickly. Over the last 4 weeks of treatment, the incidence of adverse events in the LSG groups was close to the placebo level. Based on the study's results, LSG is an effective and safe add-on drug for refractory partial epilepsy in adults. © 2003 Published by Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Tolerability of topiramate in children and adolescents$$$ Objective: To examine the tolerability of topiramate (TPM) in paediatric practice. Methodology: A retrospective cohort study of patients aged less than 18 years commenced on TPM by paediatric neurologists. Patients were identified from the dispensing databases of two paediatric tertiary referral hospitals and from the authority prescription records of four paediatric neurologists. The clinical data were obtained from the patients' medical records. Results: There were 159 patients who were identified as having been commenced on TPM and follow-up data were available for 127 (80%) patients. The median (range) age at commencement of TPM was 8.1 (0.5-17.9) years, with 12 patients aged less than 2 years. After 4 years, 60% of patients had ceased the medication. Treatment limiting adverse effects included aggression/psychosis (n = 10), cognitive impairment/sedation (n = 6), anorexia/weight loss (n = 4) and desquamation (n = 1). Prior aggression (hazard ratio 5.91 (2.12-16.44)) and female gender (hazard ratio 2.94 (1.02-8.41)) were risk factors for ceasing TPM because of an adverse event. Thirty percent of children commenced on TPM experienced a treatment limiting adverse effect within 2 years of commencement. Conclusions: The frequency of treatment limiting adverse events in children receiving topiramate is higher than previously reported. ER  - 
Depression in epilepsy: Prevalence, clinical semiology, pathogenic mechanisms, and treatment$$$ Depression is the most frequent comorbid psychiatric disorder in epilepsy. Its lifetime prevalence has been estimated at between 6% and 30% in population-based studies and up to 50% among patients followed in tertiary centers. The risk of suicide has been estimated to be 10 times higher than that in the general population. Although no one questions that epilepsy is a risk for depression, recent studies have also revealed that a history of depression is associated with a 4- to 6-fold greater risk of developing epilepsy. These data suggest either a possible "bi-directional" relationship between these two disorders or the presence of common pathogenic mechanisms that facilitate the occurrence of one in the presence of the other. The clinical presentation of depressive disorders in epilepsy can be identical to that of nonepileptic patients and can include major depression, bipolar and dysthymic disorders, and minor depression. In a significant percentage of cases, however, the clinical features of depression in epilepsy fail to meet any of the DSM-IV Axis I categories. Depression in epilepsy may be iatrogenically induced with various antiepileptic drugs used to treat the seizure disorder or after surgical treatment of intractable epilepsy. Despite its relatively high prevalence, depression remains unrecognized and untreated, and unfortunately its treatment is based on empirical and uncontrolled data. © 2003 Society of Biological Psychiatry. ER  - 
Drug Safety Revisions: FDA Update$$$ Dr. Goldenberg presents the latest labeling changes for atorvastatin (Lipitor®) to treat cholesterol, risperidone (Risperdal®) to treat schizophrenia, Gynecare Intergel Adhesion Prevention Solution® to heal adhesions after gynecological surgery, and lindane (Kwell®) to treat lice and scabies. ER  - 
Pharmacologic Management of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder$$$ What are the best medications for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD)? The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) paroxetine and sertraline have received Food and Drug Administration approval for the treatment of PTSD due to efficacy shown in clinical trials. Although research with other classes of medications has been less extensive, there is currently a fair amount of preliminary information to guide clinician choices for PTSD treatment. This review considers the following classes of medications: SSRIs, newer antidepressants, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, antiadrenergics, anticonvulsants, benzodiazepines, and conventional and atypical antipsychotics. At this time, SSRIs are recommended as first-line treatments for PTSD. Evidence favoring other medications is mixed. Current data suggests that there is no indication for prescribing either benzodiazepines or conventional antipsychotic agents for PTSD. ER  - 
Hydroxyurea in the treatment of HIV infection: Clinical efficacy and safety concerns$$$ Data from basic science and clinical studies suggest that hydroxyurea (hydroxycarbamide)-based regimens are effective treatment options for patients with HIV at various stages of disease. In vitro studies of HIV-infected lymphocytes have shown that hydroxyurea: (i) inhibits viral DNA synthesis; (ii) synergistically interacts with nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTI); and (iii) increases the antiviral activity of didanosine. Clinical studies have confirmed that hydroxyurea in combination with didanosine produces potent and sustained viral suppression in patients with HIV infection. However, some concerns have been recently raised on the use of hydroxyurea in association with NRTI. Hydroxyurea can cause myelosuppression, skin toxicities, mild gastrointestinal toxicity, and abnormalities of renal and liver functions. In addition, hydroxyurea may accentuate the toxic effects of nucleoside analogues. In fact, some clinical data seem to indicate an increased risk of pancreatitis and neuropathy when hydroxyurea is combined with didanosine and stavudine. Since hydroxyurea-related toxicity is dose dependent, a systematic study of hydroxyurea optimal dosage and schedule was initiated to monitor patients for possible nucleoside toxicity. In the Research Institute for Genetic and Human Therapy (RIGHT) 702 study it was shown that a low, well-tolerated hydroxyurea dose (600mg daily) achieved better antiretroviral activity than higher doses, together with better CD4+ cell count increase and fewer adverse effects. In this paper the effects of hydroxyurea as salvage therapy for heavily pretreated patients with advanced HIV disease are presented. These studies have shown that some patients with extensive pretreatment experience and advanced disease can respond substantially to the addition of hydroxyurea. The addition of hydroxyurea to didanosine does not prevent the emergence of resistance to didanosine; nonetheless, the efficacy of this therapeutic regimen may not be attenuated by the presence of didanosine-resistant HIV mutants. Since CD4 T lymphocyte activation is essential for virus replication and CD8 T lymphocyte activation may contribute to pathogenesis, the combination of hydroxyurea with other drugs may lead to the inhibition of HIV, by blocking the 'cell activation-virus production-pathogenesis' cycle. Clinical data indicate that hydroxyurea may play a role in attenuation of viral rebound and immune reconstitution by decreasing CD4 T cell proliferation, as well as preventing the exhaustion of CD8 T cell populations that may result from excessive activation during HIV infection. While the combination of hydroxyurea with didanosine has provided hope, future studies including those that evaluate optimal dosing and long-term toxicity are needed to define the role for this agent in the treatment of HIV infection. ER  - 
Treatment of psychosis in Parkinson's disease: Safety considerations$$$ Psychosis only rarely occurs in patients with untreated Parkinson's disease. Much more commonly, psychosis is induced by drug therapy for Parkinson's disease and is the strongest known risk factor for nursing home placement. Delusions are less frequent than hallucinations, but are more concerning as they are often paranoid in nature. Treatment begins with a search for correctable infectious, toxic, and metabolic aetiologies. If symptoms persist, anti-Parkinson's disease medications are slowly reduced. However, withdrawal of these drugs usually worsens parkinsonism and is often not tolerated. Certain atypical antipsychotics can be used to treat psychosis without compromising motor function. The choice of atypical antipsychotic is largely based on ease of use and adverse effect profile as most have comparable efficacy in improving psychosis. Currently, there are five marketed atypical drugs - clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine and ziprasidone. Ziprasidone is the only agent whose adverse effect profile has not been reported in Parkinson's disease. The most common adverse effects of clozapine in Parkinson's disease are sedation, orthostatic hypotension and sialorrhoea. Sedation is generally helpful since these patients are frequently awake at night and tend to have worse behavioural problems then. Clozapine does not induce deterioration of motor function, but it has the potential to cause agranulocytosis, which is idiosyncratic and not dose-related. In risperidone-treated Parkinson's disease patients, reported adverse effects include somnolence, sialorrhoea, dizziness, palpitations, constipation, delirium, fatigue, leg cramps, depression, urinary incontinence and hypotension. Although in some Parkinson's disease studies, risperidone has been well tolerated, others have shown that many patients are unable to tolerate the drug due to deterioration of motor function. While an initial study of olanzapine in Parkinson's disease psychosis showed the drug to be effective without deterioration of motor function, succeeding reports demonstrated a deleterious effect of the drug on motor functioning. The most common adverse effects of quetiapine in Parkinson' s disease patients are sedation and orthostatic hypotension. There is a lack of double-blind trials; however, cumulative reports involving >200 Parkinson's disease patients strongly suggest that quetiapine is well tolerated and effective. Unlike clozapine, it does not improve tremor and may induce mild deterioration of motor function. Recently, cholinesterase inhibitors have been reported to alleviate psychosis in Parkinson's disease. Although ondansetron, an antiemetic with antiserotonergic properties, has been reported to relieve psychosis in Parkinson's disease, its prohibitive cost has prevented further study in this population. Electroconvulsive treatment is generally reserved for the patient with psychotic depression who is unable to tolerate any pharmacological therapy. ER  - 
Lamotrigine in mood disorders$$$ Lamotrigine is an anticonvulsant drug with good efficacy and safety in the treatment of epilepsy. There is now substantial evidence that lamotrigine is also useful in treating resistant depression, rapid cycling bipolar affective disorder, depressive episodes in bipolar affective disorder and in the maintenance phase or prophylaxis of bipolar affective disorder. There are possible roles in managing mood changes in borderline personality disorder, reducing chronic pain and treating schizoaffective disorder. The general range of doses found effective in affective disorders is from 50 to 300 mg daily. Clinical use seems to involve a titration of dose upwards over several weeks until the desired effect is obtained. However, further definitive double-blind, randomised controlled trials against gold standard treatments are required. Lamotrigine has a preferable side-effect profile compared to standard agents for bipolar affective disorder such as lithium or carbamazepine. Further research is certainly warranted and, given its tolerability, could point to lamotrigine as the treatment of choice for some affective disorders. ER  - 
Opinion and evidence in neurology and psychiatry$$$ The management of neurological and psychiatric disorders is a vast and evolving area for researchers, primary care physicians and specialists. To help you keep up to date with the latest advances worldwide on all aspects of drug therapy for neurological and psychiatric disorders, this section of the journal brings you information selected from the drug therapy reporting service Inpharma Weekly. The following reports are selected from the latest issues, summarising the most important research and development news, clinical studies, treatment guidelines, pharmacological, pharmacoeconomic and adverse drug reactions/interactions news, and expert opinion pieces published across a broad range of literature sources. ER  - 
Effective treatment of syphilis remains unchanged despite new comorbidities$$$ Syphilis is a sexually transmitted characterised by periods of manifest symptoms and asymptomatic latency. Since the advent of antibacterials, it has generally ceased to be a significant health problem in the industrialised world; however, it has remained endemic at a low level in many non-industrial nations, and its incidence in many countries has been increasing. Control of this disease has consequences for the global containment of HIV because the transmission of HIV is increased by up to 5-fold by syphilis. Diagnosis is by clinical appearances or by direct or indirect observation of the infective organism. Treatment remains largely injectable penicillin either as benzathine or procaine salts; however, other regimens (e.g. doxycycline) are available for patients who do not wish to have injected therapy or for those who have penicillin allergy. ER  - 
Multicenter phase 2 trial of thalidomide in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma: Adverse prognostic impact of advanced age$$$ Relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma has a poor outlook. Some patients respond to thalidomide; however, criteria for predicting response have not been conclusively identified. We initiated a prospective multicenter phase 2 trial in patients with relapsed/ refractory myeloma using thalidomide up to the maximum dose, 800 mg/d. Interferon-α-2B (1.5-3.0 x 106 U, subcutaneously, 3 times per week) was added at week 12 if disease was responsive or stable. Patients intolerant of interferon continued thalidomide alone. Thalidomide with or without interferon was continued until disease progression. Objectives were to determine toxicity, response rate (RR), progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS) and to elucidate relevant prognostic factors. We enrolled 75 patients, with median age 64 years (range, 36-83 years). Median individual maximum-tolerated dose of thalidomide was 600 mg/d; 41% reached 800 mg/d. Overall RR was 28%, and 55% stable disease (SD). The only predictor for response was age 65 years or younger (38% versus 17%; P = .043). At 18 months median follow-up, the actuarial median PFS and OS were 5.5 and 14.6 months, respectively. Multivariate analysis for OS demonstrated age exceeding 65 years (median, 9.2 months versus longer than 26 months; P = .011), raised serum lactate dehydrogenase (P = .002), and raised serum creatinine (P = .007) predicted inferior outcomes. Nineteen patients received interferon. Ten discontinued owing to toxicity. Four of 12 patients who received interferon for longer than 4 weeks were converted from SD to partial response. Our findings confirm substantial activity of thalidomide in relapsed/refractory myeloma. Interferon may improve response in selected patients, but is often not tolerated. The inferior outcome demonstrated in those with the identified prognostic factors is important in planning management for such patients. © 2003 by The American Society of Hematology. ER  - 
The anticonvulsant effect of citalopram as an indirect evidence of serotonergic impairment in human epileptogenesis$$$ Some evidence would indicate that a serotonergic deficit may be involved in epileptogenesis. A preliminary trial of citalopram, a selective inhibitor of serotonin reuptake, was carried out. Citalopram 20 mg/day was given to 11 non-depressed patients with poorly controlled epilepsy as an add on treatment with an open label design for 8-10 months. The median seizure frequency dropped by 55.6% in the whole group, with nine patients improving by at least 50%. No adverse reactions occurred with the exception of mild drowsiness. There were no changes of post-treatment as compared to pre-treatment AED serum concentrations. Although controlled studies are required to confirm the anticonvulsant effect of citalopram, these findings may be regarded as an indirect evidence of serotonergic impairment in human epileptogenesis. © 2003 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Reproductive and metabolic disorders in women with epilepsy$$$ Epilepsy is a common neurologic disorder affecting women during the reproductive years. Seizures and some antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) can compromise reproductive health, and some AEDs can adversely affect carbohydrate and bone metabolism. Women with epilepsy have lower birth rates and more frequent anovulatory menstrual cycles. This appears to be related to seizure- and AED-associated reproductive endocrine disturbances. Carbamazepine (CBZ), phenytoin (PHT), and phenobarbital (PB) induce hepatic cytochrome P450 enzymes and lower endogenous estrogens, adrenal and ovarian androgens, and contraceptive steroids. Valproate (VPA) inhibits steroid hormone metabolism, elevates androgens, and predisposes to phenotypic signs of hyperandrogenism-hirsutism, obesity, acne, and frequent anovulatory cycles. VPA is associated with weight gain, probably by altering insulin metabolism. CBZ, PHT, and VPA, but not lamotrigine (LTG), are associated with lower levels of calcium. PHT, but not VPA or LTG, appears to accelerate bone turnover. AED effects on bone mineral metabolism may explain the elevated risk of fracture described in women with epilepsy. Prospective pregnancy registries are beginning to provide information about AED-associated teratogenesis. The North American Antiepileptic Drug Pregnancy Registry reports a 12% rate of major malformations after first trimester exposure to PB and an 8.6% rate after first trimester exposure to VPA. A prospective LTG-specific registry reports a 1.8% chance of major malformations after the first trimester. The registries will continue to release information as data become significant. In the meantime, practitioners can be alert to signs and symptoms of reproductive or metabolic health disturbances and participate in pregnancy registry efforts. ER  - 
Newer antiepileptic drugs and cognitive issues$$$ Although the causes of cognitive impairment in patients with epilepsy have not been completely elucidated, three factors are clearly involved: the underlying etiology of epilepsy, the effects of seizures themselves, and the central nervous system effects of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). All commonly used AEDS have some effect on cognitive function, and the effect may be substantial when crucial functions are involved, such as learning in children or driving ability in adults, or when already-vulnerable functions are involved, such as memory in elderly patients. The available evidence is insufficient to support definite conclusions about the cognitive effects of three of the newer AEDs, tiagabine, gabapentin, and levetiracetam. Better evidence is available for lamotrigine (LTG), topiramate (TPM), and, to a lesser degree, oxcarbazepine (OXC). OXC appears not to affect cognitive function in healthy volunteers or adults with newly diagnosed epilepsy, but its cognitive effects in children and adolescents have not been systematically studied. A relatively large number of studies are available for LTG, which has demonstrated a favorable cognitive profile overall, both in volunteers and in patients with epilepsy. Although dose and titration speed may be confounding factors in some of the studies of TPM, there is clear evidence that this agent does affect cognitive function, with specific effects on attention and verbal function. For LTG, attempts have been made to correlate cognitive effects with what is known of the drug's mechanism of action; this is an area of research that deserves further exploration with regard to other AEDs as well, especially TPM. ER  - 
The recognition and management of mood disorders as a comorbidity of epilepsy$$$ Mood disorders, especially as a comorbid finding in people with medical disorders in general, and in those with epilepsy in particular, have become increasingly recognized as a serious health concern. Unfortunately, affective disorders are underrecognized, and appropriate treatment is infrequent. The consequences of poor detection of mood disorders in people with epilepsy are discussed, along with a review of risk factors and the appearance of the disorder in this population. Prevalence rates of both depressive and bipolar spectrum disorders in people with epilepsy appear to be higher than in the general population. Recent data from community samples show elevated rates of both disorders in people with epilepsy, significantly above those in people with and without other chronic diseases. Assessment issues, including the positive and negative side effects of antiepileptic drugs, are reviewed. Treatment options are discussed, along with caveats concerning the use of antidepressants in people with epilepsy, with a focus on safety, utility, and drug interactions. Electroconvulsive therapy can also be used safely in people with epilepsy, and vagus nerve stimulation may have some utility in the treatment of depressive disorders as well. However, despite improved detection methods and effective treatments, implementation of this knowledge in neurology outpatient clinics is still problematic. ER  - 
Current trends in antiepileptic drug therapy$$$ Over the last two decades, drug therapy for epilepsy has improved substantially. This can be ascribed to a large extent to three factors, including the demonstration of the advantages of monotherapy; the realization of the need for dosage tailoring, coupled [for some antiepileptic drugs (AEDs)] with control of pharmacokinetic variability through therapeutic drug monitoring; and the introduction of newer agents with improved tolerability profiles. What further advances should we expect for the future? Current trends that are expected to increasingly affect our prescribing patterns include greater reliance on evidence-based medicine and treatment guidelines, a trend that will be facilitated by completion of therapeutically meaningful randomized trials (including cost-effectiveness studies) and high-quality observational studies (including multinational pregnancy registries), as well as initiatives from scientific societies and government organizations aimed at condensing the most relevant information into therapeutic guidelines. The explosion in communication technology will accelerate dissemination of this information and its application to clinical practice. Other factors include a more rational patient-tailored AED selection and dose individualization, aided by characterization of predictors of outcome as defined by clinical parameters (sex, age, epilepsy syndrome, and etiology), pathophysiological mechanisms, and newly discovered genetic markers of outcome; improved definition of the role of new AEDs, resulting in their increased use in newly diagnosed epilepsy; and reappraisal of the value of combination therapy in refractory epilepsies, based on evidence produced by experimental and clinical studies designed to identify favorable pharmacodynamic interactions. Additional important developments may come from the discovery of novel, more efficacious AEDs and from exploration of potential new targets, such as prevention of epileptogenesis. ER  - 
Slowing the progression of chronic hepatitis B: Early antiviral therapy can help minimize complications$$$ More sensitive viral DNA assays can identify patients with chronic hepatitis B and predict their response to antiviral agents that halt replication and contain liver damage. ER  - 
Psychological aspects of diabetes mellitus$$$ Diabetes mellitus (DM) presents itself in two forms: insulin-dependent (type 1 DM) and non-insulin-dependent (type 2 DM). Although type 2 DM usually has an adult onset, in recent years there has been a significant rise in the number of children diagnosed with type 2 DM in the United States. Reasons for this increased frequency are believed to be a larger percentage of children who are overweight, a family history of diabetes, and a considerable increase in the use of psychotropic medication in children. The diagnosis of DM is a significant stressor not only for patients but also for their environment. Children with DM are sometimes stigmatized by their peers and relatives who do not understand the illness or are frightened by it. Some children also may need to alter several of their customary routines and are often scared to participate in activities in which they were previously engaged. The family's response to the diagnosis of DM may have a negative effect on glycemic control. Differences have been found in the way patients with type 1 DM and type 2 DM cope with and adapt to their diagnosis. ER  - 
Medication and fitness to drive$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study is to analyze the consumption patterns of medicaments among motor vehicle drivers who attend 'Medical Driving Test Centres' and the relation between habitual consumption of medicaments and fitness to drive. Methods: The study was carried out on 8043 drivers who attended 25 Medical Driving Test Centres. Results: 24.7% of drivers chronically consume medicaments while 6.8% consume medicaments along with alcohol every day. Of those who chronically consume medicaments with a warning about the medications on driving, 65.8% were considered 'fit' to drive, 27.3% 'fit with restrictions', 5.1% 'suspended' and 0.4% 'unfit'. Conclusions: The results show how frequent the consumption of medicaments along with alcohol is and that the great majority of drivers who take medicaments are considered fit to drive. Copyright © 2003 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
How to treat OCD in patients with Tourette syndrome$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) constitutes an etiologically heterogeneous set of conditions, including a subtype that seems etiologically related to Tourette syndrome (TS). In order to treat OCD patients optimally, the clinician needs to integrate educational, psychological and pharmacological approaches. The most effective psychological intervention is cognitive-behavior therapy (CBT). Drug treatment includes clomipramine and all selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). A subgroup of OCD patients, however, shows no significant improvement. Few studies suggest that the presence of tics is associated to a worse treatment response to SSRIs and that such patients benefit from combined therapy of serotonin-reuptake inhibitors plus neuroleptics. Independently of the presence of tics, there are several different augmentation strategies for resistant cases with drugs that interfere in the dopamine, serotonin, opioid and gonadal hormone systems. In addition, new therapies are now being tested against presumed postinfectious autoimmune processes. Finally, new developments are promising in neural circuit-based therapies, including neurosurgery for refractory patients. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The skate study: Interim analysis$$$ The Safety of Keppra as Adjunctive Therapy in Epilepsy (SKATE) study is a continuing phase IV open-label evaluation of the antiepileptic drug levetiracetam (Keppra) as an adjunctive therapy in adult patients with uncontrolled partial seizures. The study, which began in April 2000, is scheduled to include 1400 patients from 300 centres in 16 countries. An interim analysis of the first 731 patients from 117 centres in nine countries treated over a 16-week period showed that seizure frequency was reduced by half or more in 49% of patients across all seizure types. A substantial 17.2% of patients achieved complete freedom from seizures. Levetiracetam was well tolerated overall. Adverse events were predominantly mild to moderate and rarely led to discontinuation. The most commonly reported symptoms were asthenia, somnolence, headache and dizziness. ER  - 
Antagonists and agonists at the glycine site of the NMDA receptor for therapeutic interventions$$$ For decades neuroreceptor research has focused on the development of NMDA glycine-site antagonists, after Johnson and Ascher found out in 1987 about the co-agonistic character of this achiral amino acid at the NMDA receptor. Contrary to the inhibitory glycine receptor (glycineA) the glycine binding site on the NMDA receptor (glycineB) is strychnine-insensitive. A great diversity of diseases showing a disturbed glutamate neurotransmission have been linked to the NMDA receptor. Glycine site antagonists have been investigated for acute diseases like stroke and head trauma as well as chronic ones like dementia and chronic pain. © 2003 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychiatric and behavioral disorders in epilepsy patients$$$ Behavioral changes are common in epilepsy patients, with the overall spectrum of behavior in this population skewed toward cognitive impairment and psychopathology. Unfortunately, in many cases, the diagnosis is overlooked and therapeutic opportunities are missed. The pathogenesis of these disorders may include central nervous system pathology, ictal and interictal epileptiform activity, antiepileptic drugs, psychologic and environmental factors, and genetic predisposition. Although therapy for behavioral disorders is often deferred for fear of exacerbating epilepsy, treatment with psychopharmacologic agents is unlikely to increase seizure severity or frequency. Indeed, treating depression, anxiety, psychosis, and other disorders can improve sleep, reduce stress, and may even reduce seizure activity. Antiepileptic drugs have psychotropic properties that can be positive or negative and their effects may differ in epilepsy and purely psychiatric populations. ER  - 
Psychopharmacology of violent behavior in adolescents$$$ The aim of this review is to discuss the biological basis for the pharmacotherapy of violence in adolescents. The current and updated views on the etiology, biochemistry and neuroanatomy of violence in youth are presented. Concepts in the treatment and the pharmacological agents that are used both in short and long term are discussed and we conclude with some of recent findings in the exciting field of genetics of violence. The review emphasizes that treatment should always combine a socio-psycho-biological and multi-disciplinary approach, because any single treatment for violence cannot stands on its own. ER  - 
Psychosis of Parkinson's disease: Serotonin 2A receptor inverse agonists as potential therapeutics$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is a movement disorder characterized by progressive degeneration of central dopaminergic systems. Current therapies designed to augment dopaminergic neurotransmission effectively treat the motoric aspects of the disease, however, with prolonged use, they produce a range of treatment-limiting side effects. Of these, neuropsychiatric abnormalities including hallucinosis and psychosis are common, disabling and refractory to most current therapies. This review describes the clinical syndrome of psychosis in PD and data regarding the efficacy and tolerability of existing antipsychotic agents, and presents the scientific rationale for the development of serotonin 2A receptor inverse agonists as potential therapeutic agents for treatment-induced psychosis of PD. © Current Drugs. ER  - 
Beyond the Treatment of Epilepsy: New Applications of Vagus Nerve Stimulation in Psychiatry$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) in humans generally refers to stimulation of the left vagus nerve at the cervical level. VNS is an established treatment largely devoid of severe side effects for medically refractory partial-onset seizures and has been used in more than 16,000 patients. Over the past 5 years, applications in other neuropsychiatric disorders have been investigated, with a special emphasis on depression. Recent data from an open-label, multicenter pilot study involving 60 patients suggest a potential clinical usefulness in the acute and maintenance treatment of drug-resistant depressive disorder. The perspective of VNS as a long-term treatment with the advantage of assured compliance makes it an interesting technique to potentially treat drug-resistant depression. However, definite therapeutic effects of clinical significance remain to be confirmed in large placebo-controlled trials. Results of clinical pilot studies involving patients suffering from obesity and Alzheimer's disease indicate that VNS might induce weight loss and improve cognition. Besides its clinical usefulness, VNS can be used as a research tool, allowing neurophysiologic investigations of the parasympathetic system and its interactions with other parts of the central nervous system. ER  - 
New Developments in Electroconvulsive Therapy and Magnetic Seizure Therapy$$$ New findings regarding the mechanisms of action of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) have led to novel developments in treatment technique to further improve this highly effective treatment for major depression. These new approaches include novel electrode placements, optimization of electrical stimulus parameters, and new methods for inducing more targeted seizures (eg, magnetic seizure therapy [MST]). MST is the use of transcranial magnetic stimulation to induce a seizure. Magnetic fields pass through tissue unimpeded, providing more control over the site and extent of stimulation than can be achieved with ECT. This enhanced control represents a means of focusing the treatment on target cortical structures thought to be essential to antidepressant response and reducing spread to medial temporal regions implicated in the cognitive side effects of ECT. MST is at an early stage of development. Preliminary results suggest that MST may have some advantages over ECT in terms of subjective side effects and acute cognitive functioning. Studies designed to address the antidepressant efficacy of MST are underway. As with all attempts to improve convulsive therapy technique, the clinical value of MST will need to be established through controlled clinical trials. This article reviews the experience to date with MST, and places this work in the broader context of other means of optimizing convulsive therapy in the treatment of depression. ER  - 
The current treatment of epilepsy: A challenge of choices$$$ There are now several distinct choices for seizure and epilepsy treatment. These include 16 antiepileptic medications, surgery, vagus nerve stimulation, and ketogenic diet However, not every option is appropriate for all individuals with epilepsy This article reviews the commonly employed treatments for chronic seizures, with the goal of trying to assess when certain treatments should be considered. Ain approach to seizure management is presented to help navigate the challenge of epilepsy treatment choices. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
The impact of epilepsy on subjective health status$$$ Epilepsy is a chronic disorder that has complex effects on many aspects of personal health. Recent advances in the methods to reliably and validly assess subjective health status have allowed major advances in our understanding of these diverse effects, and have also provided evidence to guide treatment and future research. Studies that have included measures of quality of life, patient preferences, and disability in epilepsy have shown that the magnitude of the adverse effects of recurrent seizures on many aspects of subjective health status is as large as that seen with diabetes mellitus and active cardiovascular disease. Studies of patient-oriented, comprehensive outcomes after epilepsy surgery indicate positive treatment effects in broad areas of function and well-being. Although few trials of epilepsy drugs have included health outcome instruments, available studies suggest that greater than 50% seizure reduction is associated with improved quality of life. Adverse medication effects and depression appear to have a strong association with subjective health status in epilepsy, independent of seizure frequency. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Management of fibromyalgia$$$ Fibromyalgia is characterized by widespread pain, persistent fatigue, nonrestorative sleep, and generalized morning stiffness. The diagnosis is based on patients' reports of pain and fatigue, clinical findings of multiple tender points, and exclusion of a range of connective tissue and other medical disorders. Treatment of fibromyalgia is multidisciplinary with an emphasis on active patient participation, medications, cognitive behavioral therapy, and physical modalities. No single medication has been found to effectively control all the symptoms, and a rational combination of different medications is often necessary. Currently available medication classes include the selective serotonin uptake inhibitors, the serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, analgesics, hypnotic agents, and anti-convulsants. Treatment modalities should be individualized for patients based on target symptoms and impairment in functioning. As is the case with several chronic disorders, the treatment is often prolonged and improvement may occur slowly. Patience and positive attitude on part of the physician and active involvement of patients and their families in treatment are likely to enhance improvement. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Cerebrovascular diseases and depression$$$ Cerebrovascular diseases constitute a leading health hazard. The association between stroke and depression has been recognized for many years. Depression is the most common psychiatric disorder associated with cerebrovascular diseases, most episodes of post-stroke depression occur in the first 2 years after a cerebrovascular accident. Studies have found an association between lesion location, physical impairment, cognitive impairment, aphasia, and post-stroke depression. The location of the lesion in terms of proximity to the left frontal pole of the brain has a profound impact on the frequency and severity of post-stroke depression. Treatment modalities include pharmacotherapy, psychotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, and rehabilitation. Understanding the psychologic and physical morbidity of post-stroke depression, as well as its timely, comprehensive treatment, are important for effective management. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Comparison of 2 regimens that include interferon-α-2a plus ribavirin for treatment of chronic hepatitis C in human immumodeficiency virus-coinfected patients$$$ An open-label, randomized trial was conducted to compare the efficacy and safety of 2 regimens of interferon-α-2a (IFN-α-2a) plus ribavirin for management of chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-coinfected patients. Sixty-eight patients were randomized to receive IFN-α-2a at a dosage of either (1) 6 MU given 3 times per week for 24 weeks, followed by 3 MU 3 times per week for an additional 24 weeks (group A; 31 patients); or (2) 9 MU per day for 2 weeks, followed by 3 MU per day for 22 weeks, followed by 3 MU 3 times per week for 24 weeks (group B; 37 patients). Ribavirin was added at week 16 of therapy if HCV RNA remained detectable at week 12. Sustained virological response was achieved in 10 patients (15%; 6 in group A and 4 in group B). HCV genotypes 2 or 3 and a decrease in the HCV load of ≥3 log10 copies/mL between inclusion and week 4 were associated with virological response. In conclusion, the combination of conventional IFN-α-2a and ribavirin has poor virological efficacy in HCV-HIV-coinfected patients. ER  - 
Guidelines for the management of acne vulgaris in adolescents$$$ This article reviews the treatment of acne in adolescents. The choice of therapy should be principally based on the type of lesion and the severity of the acne, but psychosocial disability relating to the disease and the presence of scarring may also influence the approach to treatment. Mild acne generally requires topical treatment only. Benzoyl peroxide, azelaic acid, and antibacterials are generally used for inflammatory lesions. Topical retinoids are particularly effective for noninflamed lesions, and combination therapies are useful for mixed lesions. Moderately severe acne generally requires oral antibacterials. Tetracyclines/oxytetracycline and erythromycin are usually the first-line antibacterials. Second-generation tetracyclines, such as lymecycline, doxycycline, and minocycline, show improved absorption. Minocycline has the advantage of being rarely associated with Propionibacterium acnes antibacterial resistance, but can occasionally lead to potentially serious adverse effects. Trimethoprim is a useful third-line antibacterial therapy for patients resistant to other antibacterial therapies. Benzoyl peroxide should generally be used in combination with oral antibacterials as this has been shown to reduce the development of antibacterial resistance. For severe nodular acne, isotretinoin is the treatment of choice. In addition, over recent years dermatologists have increasingly used this drug to treat patients with moderate acne which has not responded to other systemic therapies, particularly when associated with scarring or significant psychological disability. However, this use is outside the current license of the drug. Isotretinoin is associated with a number of serious adverse effects and careful monitoring of patients during therapy is required. Physical therapies for the treatment of acne nodules and macrocomedones are also important adjuncts to drug therapies. ER  - 
Tapering off long-term benzodiazepine use with or without group cognitive-behavioural therapy: Three-condition, randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Benzodiazepine withdrawal programmes have never been experimentally compared with a non-intervention control condition. Aims: To evaluate the efficacy and feasibility of tapering off long-term benzodiazepine use in general practice, and to evaluate the value of additional group cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT). Method: A 3-month randomised, controlled trial was conducted in which 180 people attempting to discontinue long-term benzodiazepine use were assigned to tapering off plus group CBT, tapering off alone or usual care. Results: Tapering off led to a significantly higher proportion of successful discontinuations than usual care (62% v. 21%). Adding group CBT did not increase the success rate (58% v. 62%). Neither successful discontinuation nor intervention type affected psychological functioning. Both tapering strategies showed good feasibility in general practice. Conclusions: Tapering off is a feasible and effective way of discontinuing long-term benzodiazepine use in general practice. The addition of group CBT is of limited value. Declaration of interest: None. The study was funded by the Dutch Health Care Insurance Council. ER  - 
Use of atypical antipsychotic drugs in patients with dementia$$$ Increasingly, atypical antipsychotic drugs are prescribed for elderly patients with symptoms of psychosis and behavioral disturbances. These symptoms often occur in patients with Alzheimer's disease, other dementias, or Parkinson's disease. As the average age of Americans increases, the prevalence of Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease will rise accordingly. Although nonpharmacologic treatments for behavioral disturbances should be tried first, medications often are needed to enable the patient to be adequately cared for. Current guidelines recommend using risperidone and olanzapine to treat psychosis in patients with Alzheimer's dementia. Quetiapine and clozapine are recommended for treatment of psychosis in patients with Parkinson's disease. Additional research is needed for a recently approved agent, ziprasidone. To minimize side effects, these medications should be started at low dosages that are increased incrementally. Drug interactions, especially those involving the cytochrome P450 system, must be considered. Clozapine's potentially lethal side effects limit its use in the primary care setting. Informed use of atypical antipsychotic drugs allows family physicians to greatly improve quality of life in elderly patients with dementia and behavior disturbances. Copyright© 2003 American Academy of Family Physicians. ER  - 
Once-a-day controlled-release dosage form of divalproex sodium I: Formulation design and in vitro/in vivo investigations$$$ Divalproex sodium is a narrow therapeutic index drug that is widely used for the treatment of epilepsy, the manic episodes associated with bipolar disorder, and prophylaxis of migraine headaches. The present investigation was undertaken to design an oral dosage form that would provide once-daily administration with improved therapy and to explore the relationships between in vitro drug release and in vivo absorption. Controlled release hydrophilic matrix formulations of divalproex sodium were designed and evaluated via in vitro and in vivo studies. The release rate of divalproex sodium was modulated by varying different rate-controlling hydrophilic polymers and measured in vitro using a USP apparatus II dissolution method. Formulations with differing release rates were studied in beagle dogs and in healthy subjects. A selected formulation given once-daily was further evaluated against the commercial enteric tablet dosed twice-daily in a multiple dose study, and shown to provide desired nearly constant therapeutic plasma concentrations over the entire 24-h dosing interval. Preliminary linear relationships between in vitro dissolution and in vivo absorption were observed in both the animal model and in humans. However, the relationships were formulation dependent, indicating a need for further studies. © 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Early steroid withdrawal after liver transplantation: The Canadian tacrolimus versus microemulsion cyclosporin a trial: 1 year follow-up$$$ Corticosteroid therapy contributes significant toxicity to liver transplantation. The safety and efficacy of early steroid withdrawal were determined in patients treated with either tacrolimus or microemulsion cyclosporin A (micro-CsA). The primary outcome was the proportion of patients who were steroid-free 1 year posttransplantation. From the seven Canadian adult liver transplant centers, 143 patients were randomly allocated oral treatment with either tacrolimus (n = 71) or micro-CsA (n = 72), together with corticosteroids and azathioprine. Eligibility criteria for steroid withdrawal included freedom from acute rejection for a minimum of 3 months, and prednisone ≤0.15 mg/kg/d. In eligible patients, the daily steroid dose was reduced by 2.5 mg each month until complete discontinuation was achieved. At 1 year after transplantation, 75% of the tacrolimus patients and 63% of the micro-CsA patients were steroid-free (P = .20). Of all of the patients who became eligible for steroid withdrawal, steroid discontinuation was achieved in over 80%. One-year patient survival was 97% with tacrolimus and 89% with micro-CsA (P = .052). Graft survival was 97% and 86%, respectively (P = .017). The overall incidence of acute rejection during the first year was 35% with tacrolimus and 43% with micro-CsA (P = .26). There was no difference in survival, acute rejection, or rate of steroid withdrawal when adjusting for hepatitis C. All acute rejection episodes experienced during steroid withdrawal were steroid-responsive. Steroid-resistant rejection occurred in 5.6% of the tacrolimus and 9.7% of the micro-CsA patients. One patient, in the micro-CsA group, experienced refractory rejection. Chronic rejection was not observed in either group. The toxicity profiles were similar. Postoperative serum creatinine levels were similar, and dialysis was required in less than 10% of patients in each group. Infectious complications were similar in both groups. Neurotoxicity was a serious adverse event in 13% and 10% of patients receiving tacrolimus and micro-CsA, respectively. Early steroid withdrawal is safe and effective after liver transplantation using either tacrolimus plus azathioprine or micro-CsA plus azathioprine immunoprophylaxis. ER  - 
Epidemiology, treatment and costs of depression in adults with Type 2 diabetes$$$ Worldwide, diabetes and depression are highly prevalent conditions that are independently-associated with increased healthcare costs, disability, lost productivity, and premature mortality. Approximately 10% of individuals with diabetes have major depression and 30% have both major and minor depression. Individuals with diabetes have two-fold increased odds of having depression compared with individuals without diabetes. Although, there are effective treatments for depression, studies have shown that only 50% of adults with depression are recognized in primary care and that treatment for depression is less than ideal in this setting. The epidemiology, treatment and costs of depression in adults with Type 2 diabetes are reviewed and an expert opinion on the best treatments for depression, and future clinical and research directions in this field of research are offered. ER  - 
Recent advances in histamine H3/H4 receptor ligands$$$ Advances in molecular biology have brought fresh impetus to the field of research into histamine receptor ligands with the recent cloning of human histamine H3 and H4 receptors. Numerous promising potential therapeutic targets have been suggested for H3 receptor ligands based on various pharmacological investigations, e.g., Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia, obesity, epilepsy, inflammatory diseases, sleep disorders and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. Concurrent to the availability of the receptors, the number of leads has also largely increased in the last few years, with some hybrid compounds acting simultaneously at two targets. In particular, the large number of different non-imidazole H3 receptor antagonists possessing high affinities and selectivities and the first compound in clinical testing raise the hope for having a drug available in the market in the near future. The first studies with H4 receptor ligands show promising anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties. ER  - 
GABA-ergic drugs: Exit stage left, enter stage right$$$ Drugs that enhance γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) activity by interacting at post-synaptic GABAA receptors have long been used as hypnotics, sedatives, tranquillizers and anticonvulsants. In this category, benzodiazepines rapidly gained pride of place, replacing barbiturates and becoming the most commonly prescribed of all drugs in the Western world in the 1970s. However, problems such as dependence and withdrawal reactions became apparent in the 1980s, and it seemed that the usefulness of drugs with this mode of action was limited. Recently, focus has shifted to a new group of drugs with GABA-ergic actions mediated through various mechanisms not directly involving the GABAA receptor. These drugs include gabapentin, vigabatrin, tiagabine, lamotrigine, pregabalin and others. Although originally developed as anticonvulsants for epilepsy, they appear to have wider applications for use in affective disorders, especially bipolar depression, anxiety disorders and pain conditions. The current information on the properties and therapeutic potential of this new generation of GABA-ergic drugs is reviewed. It remains to be seen whether long-term use leads to tolerance, dependence and withdrawal or discontinuation reactions. ER  - 
Intravenous pulses of methylprednisolone for systemic lupus erythematosus$$$ Background: Intravenous (IV) pulses of methylprednisolone (MEP) commonly are used to treat severe manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). However, despite wide use of this treatment the best dose, timing, and the situations in which this treatment should be used remain largely anecdotal. Aim: To review the mechanisms of action and evidence for clinical use of IV MEP in the treatment of SLE. Method: The literature on MEP use in SLE from 1966 to 2002, using PubMed from the National Library of Medicine, was reviewed. Results: As with other modes of corticosteroid administration, IV MEP has significant anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive actions. These actions have been shown to be effective in treating SLE in clinical trials, for lupus nephritis. The studies are mainly uncontrolled and retrospective. Long-term observations from a few double-blind prospective trials suggest that monthly pulses of MEP, in addition to IV cyclophosphamide, may be useful. Pulse MEP is beneficial for several serious manifestations of SLE, such as neuro-psychiatric lupus, pulmonary hemorrhage, severe blood dyscrasias, cardiomyopathy, and vasculitis. However, significant side effects may occur, mostly infections, which are worse in patients with hypoalbuminemia. Conclusion: IV pulses of MEP rapidly immunosuppress patients with organ and/or life-threatening manifestations of SLE. However, the gold standard 1 g/day for 3 consecutive days is associated with significant infectious complications and lower doses may be just as useful. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The bioequivalence and therapeutic efficacy of generic versus brand-name psychoactive drugs$$$ Background: For the purposes of drug approval, the interchangeability of a generic drug and the corresponding brand-name drug is based on the criterion of "essential similarity," which requires that the generic drug have the same amount and type of active principle, the same route of administration, and the same therapeutic effectiveness as the original drug, as demonstrated by a bioequivalence study. However, bioequivalence and therapeutic effectiveness are not necessarily the same. Objective: This review summarizes available data comparing the bioequivalence and therapeutic efficacy of brand-name psychoactive drugs with those of the corresponding generic products. Methods: Relevant information was identified through searches of MEDLINE, Current Contents/Clinical Medicine, and EMBASE for English-language articles and English abstracts of articles in other languages published between 1975 and the present. The search terms used were generic drug, branded drug, safety, toxicity, adverse events, clinical efficacy, bioequivalence, bioavailability, psychoactive drugs, and excipients. Results: Few publications compared the bioequivalence and efficacy of brand-name and generic psychoactive drugs. Those that were identified revealed differences in the efficacy and tolerability of brand-name and generic psychoactive drugs that had not been noted in the original bioequivalence studies. Specifically, 1 study found that plasma levels of phenytoin were 31% lower after a switch from a brand-name to a generic product. Several controlled studies of carbamazepine showed a recurrence of convulsions after the shift to a generic formulation. After a sudden recurrence of seizures when generic valproic acid was substituted for the brand-name product, an investigation by the US Food and Drug Administration found a difference in bioavailability between the 2 formulations. Statistically significant differences in pharmacokinetic variables have been reported in favor of brand-name versus generic diazepam (P < 0.001). Finally, a case report involving a double-shift between brand-name paroxetine hydrochloride and generic paroxetine mesylate cast doubt on the tolerability and efficacy of the generic formulation. Conclusion: The essential-similarity requirement should be extended to include more rigorous analyses of tolerability and efficacy in actual patients as well as in healthy subjects. Copyright © 2003 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Presentation, diagnosis, and treatment of ADHD$$$ School is often the first place where children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are seen as having problems. However, ADHD symptoms do more than disrupt a child's learning process. The lack of focus and impulsiveness that are hallmarks of ADHD can also interfere with a child's ability to make and keep friends and cause problems with the child's family. Techniques are available to help these children improve their behavior and social skills. Medications can help control ADHD symptoms. Regular follow-up care is essential to ensure medication compliance and to reinforce behavioral and social skills. The costs associated with treating ADHD can have a significant impact on the child, the child's family, society, and health plans. ER  - 
Oral and intravenous steroids in giant cell arteritis$$$ Giant cell arteritis can result in devastating visual loss. Treatment with steroids does result in visual recovery in some patients but the exact percentage is unknown. Intravenous megadose steroids appear to offer some advantage over oral steroids presumably through non-genomic effects, which manifest at doses of 500 mg or more. Side-effects are more likely in the elderly especially those with renal and cardiac comorbidities. The authors' current recommendation is that intravenous steroids should be given to patients with established visual loss or amaurosis fugax. ER  - 
The psychopharmacology of huperzine A: An alkaloid with cognitive enhancing and neuroprotective properties of interest in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease$$$ Huperzine A (HupA), extracted from a club moss (Huperzia serrata), is a sesquiterpene alkaloid and a powerful and reversible inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase (AChE). It has been used in China for centuries for the treatment of swelling, fever and blood disorders. It has demonstrated both memory enhancement in animal and clinical trials and neuroprotective effects. Recently it has undergone double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials in patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD), with significant improvements both to cognitive function and the quality of life. Most of the clinical trials are from China, but HupA and derivatives are attracting considerable interest in the West, where AD is a major and growing concern. Furthermore, both animal and human safety evaluations have demonstrated that HupA is devoid of unexpected toxicity. Other interesting aspects of HupA pharmacological profile relate to its neuroprotective properties: it has been shown in animal studies that HupA can be used as a protective agent against organophosphate (OP) intoxication and that it reduces glutamate-induced cell death. © 2003 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cardiovascular adverse effects of herbal medicines: A systematic review of the recent litarature$$$ Herbal medicines are popular but health care professionals often feel uncertain about their risks. This article summarizes recent evidence regarding the serious or potentially serious cardiovascular adverse effects of herbal medicines. Five electronic literature databases were searched. The evidence found was mostly anecdotal. Case reports and case series indicate that life-threatening adverse effects of herbal medicines occur. Potentially serious adverse effects are arrhythmias, arteritis, cardiac glycosides overdose, chest pain, congestive heart failure, hypertension, hypotension, myocardial infarction, over-anticoagulation, pericarditis and death. The problems relate to toxic herbal ingredients, adulteration and contamination of herbal medicinal products, and herb-drug interactions. Herbal medicines that have been implicated repeatedly include aconite, ephedra and licorice. Because of the anecdotal nature of the evidence, it is impossible to estimate the incidence of adverse effects. In conclusion, herbal medicinal products are regularly associated with serious cardiovascular adverse events but the size of this problem cannot be estimated at present. Vigilance and research seem to be the best way forward. ER  - 
Deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease$$$ Dopaminerigic replacement therapy with levodopa/carbidopa is still the cornerstone for the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD). However, the medical management of PD is complicated by the appearance of disabling motor response fluctuations, levodopa-induced dyskinesias and psychosis. Since the early 1990s, surgical therapies have made a rapid reentry into the therapeutic armamentarium for PD and deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the globus pallidus interna or subthalamic nuclei is currently the most promising of such interventions. Recognition of the physiological changes in basal ganglia circuits in animal models of PD has provided the much-needed theoretic basis for targeting these areas. DBS of these areas has proven to be a safe procedure and effective against all the major motor symptoms of PD. Though not curative it can substantially reduce motor response fluctuations, levodopa-induced dyskinesias, and improve the quality of life of these patients. DBS is an expensive treatment and hardware-related complications are not rare. The results of the procedure are dependent on careful patient selection and the experience of the performing team. An update on the principles, methods and results of such procedures is essential to raise the awareness of this new therapeutic modality and to provide guidelines to the referring physicians. ER  - 
Medical decompressive therapy for primary and metastatic intracranial tumours$$$ Medical decompressive therapy (MDT) with corticosteroids and mannitol is often used in patients with primary or metastatic brain tumours. This review highlights the lack of sound evidence regarding the indications and dosage schedule of steroids, prolonged use of which may cause debilitating complications. The available evidence supports the short-term use of MDT for raised intracranial pressure or progressive neurological deficits, but in the absence of these symptoms, MDT is not recommended for stable focal deficits, abnormal higher mental functions, seizures, or as prophylaxis during cranial irradiation. A practical stepladder guideline (based on symptom severity) is proposed with a starting daily dexamethasone dose of 6 mg for non-severe headache and or vomiting; 12 mg for progressive focal neurological deficit with or without non-severe headache or vomiting; and 24 mg dexamethasone with mannitol for severe headache, vomiting, or altered consciousness. Depending on the clinical response, dose can be increased to the next step(s) or tapered every 48 h (more slowly in patients who are dependent on steroids). A scheme for the assessment of efficacy and toxicity prevention is also proposed. The proposed guidelines may be used as a template for further clinical research. ER  - 
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy (CIDP): A review of clinical syndromes and treatment approaches in clinical practice$$$ Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a chronic, acquired immune and inflammatory disorder of the peripheral nervous system. The classic form of the disorder is manifested by progressive or relapsing proximal or generalized limb weakness and areflexia, and usually easily recognized; it is the large number of regional and functional variants and variety of associated illnesses that pose a challenge to the clinician in practice. Similarly, laboratory and electromyography criteria have been developed to confirm the diagnosis; however, these various schemes are contrived because only 50% to 60% of patients with typical clinical features of CIDP fulfill these strict electrodiagnostic research criteria. Several studies have established the efficacy of immune therapies such as corticosteroids, plasma exchange, and intravenous immune globulin as the mainstay of treatment of CIDP, but these treatments might provide only short-term benefit. This review offers an approach to the evaluation and management of patients with CIDP and highlights the difficult clinical problems in those who do not respond or frequently relapse after treatment with standard therapies such as patients with CIDP and concomitant axonal loss, and the assessment of those with CIDP and concurrent diseases such as diabetes mellitus. Copyright © 2003 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Levetiracetam in the treatment of epilepsy$$$ Background. A proportion of patients with epilepsy are still without seizure control. This open study aims to evaluate the effect and tolerability in consecutive patients treated with the new antiepileptic drug levetiracetam. Materials and methods. 184 adult patients were followed up for an average period of 8.1 months. 166 patients (90%) had refractory epilepsy, defined as having seizures more than once a month despite having tried at least two antiepileptic drugs. Results. 64 (39%) of the patients with refractory epilepsy had at least a 50 % reduction of seizure frequency. Of these, 16 (10%) became seizure free. 24 (15%) had at least a 25% increase in seizure frequency. The overall effect was not significantly different for patients with and without learning disability. Levetiracetam also had promising effects in patients with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Side effects were reported by 88 (44%) of all patients. Only 10 (5%) discontinued levetiracetam because of side effects. Behavioural effects were more frequent in patients with learning disability. Interpretation. Levetiracetam was well tolerated and effective as add-on treatment in partial and generalised seizures. Some patients experienced an increase in seizure. A possible favourable pharmacodynamic interaction between levetiracetam and carbamazepine should be further explored. ER  - 
Dose-response trial of pregabalin adjunctive therapy in patients with partial seizures$$$ Background: Pregabalin is an α2-δ ligand that has anxiolytic, analgesic, and anticonvulsant properties. Objective: To establish the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of pregabalin administered twice-daily (BID) without dose titration as adjunctive treatment in patients with partial seizures and to confirm the dose-response relationship. Methods: This 76-center, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study consisted of an 8-week baseline and a 12-week double-blind phase. Patients with refractory partial seizures on one to three antiepileptic drugs were randomly assigned to one of five treatment groups (placebo or 50, 150, 300, and 600 mg/d pregabalin, all administered BID). Efficacy was assessed using seizure frequency reduction and responder rate (≥50% seizure reduction from baseline). Pharmacokinetic parameters were estimated. Results: A total of 453 patients were included in the intent-to-treat analysis. The median baseline seizure rate was 10 per month. Seizure frequency reductions from baseline were 7% (placebo; n = 100), 12% (50 mg/d; n = 88), 34% (150 mg/d; n = 86), 44% (300 mg/d; n = 90), and 54% (600 mg/d; n = 89). Responder rates (≥50% seizure reduction) were 14% (placebo), 15% (50 mg/d), 31% (150 mg/d), 40% (300 mg/d), and 51% (600 mg/d). Discontinuation rates due to adverse events were 5% (placebo), 7% (50 mg/d), 1% (150 mg/d), 14% (300 mg/d), and 24% (600 mg/d). The 150-, 300-, and 600-mg/d pregabalin groups were associated with greater reductions in seizures (p ≤ 0.0001) and greater responder rates compared with the placebo group (p ≤ 0.006). There was a favorable dose-response trend for both seizure reductions (p ≤ 0.0001) and responder rate (p ≤ 0.001). Conclusion: Adjunctive therapy with pregabalin 150, 300, and 600 mg/d, given in twice-daily doses without titration, is significantly effective and well tolerated in the treatment of patients with partial seizures as demonstrated in patients with refractory partial seizures. ER  - 
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: Does it have potential in the treatment of depression?$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has become a major research tool in experimental clinical neurophysiology as a result of its potential to noninvasively and focally stimulate cortical brain regions. Currently, studies are being conducted to investigate whether repetitive TMS (rTMS)-mediated modulation of cortical function may also provide a therapeutic approach in neurological and psychiatric disorders. Preclinical findings have shown that prefrontal rTMS can modulate the function of fronto-limbic circuits, which is reversibly altered in major depression. rTMS has also been found to exert effects on neurotransmitter systems involved in the pathophysiology of major depression (e.g. stimulates subcortical dopamine release and acts on the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis, which is dysregulated in depression). To date, numerous open and controlled clinical trials with widely differing stimulation parameters have explored the antidepressant potential of rTMS. Though conducted with small sample sizes, the majority of the controlled trials demonstrated significant antidepressant effects of active rTMS compared with a sham condition. Effect sizes, however, varied from modest to substantial, and the patient selection focused on therapy-resistant cases. Moreover, the average treatment duration was approximately 2 weeks, which is short compared with other antidepressant interventions. Larger multicentre trials, which would be mandatory to demonstrate the antidepressant effectiveness of rTMS, have not been conducted to date. A putative future application of rTMS may be the treatment of patients who did not tolerate or did not respond to antidepressant pharmacotherapy before trying more invasive strategies such as electroconvulsive therapy and vagus nerve stimulation. Theoretically, rTMS may be also applied early in the course of disease in order to speed up and increase the effects of antidepressant pharmacotherapy. However, this application has not been a focus of clinical trials to date. Research efforts should be intensified to further investigate the effectiveness of rTMS as an antidepressant intervention and to test specific applications of the technique in the treatment of depressive episodes. ER  - 
Selection criteria for the clinical use of the newer antiepileptic drugs$$$ In recent years, several new antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have been licensed: felbamate, gabapentin, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, oxcarbazepine, tiagabine, topiramate, vigabatrin and zonisamide. These drugs have proven efficacy as add-on therapy in patients with difficult-to-treat partial epilepsy, as 20-50% of patients treated in add-on trials experienced a seizure reduction of ≥50%. Relatively few trials have been conducted to evaluate these drugs as monotherapy for patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy. In the monotherapy trials that have been conducted, the newer drugs were often as efficacious as conventional drugs, and their tolerability was often better. However, the methodology of these trials can be criticised. Because of the relative lack of robust data for the newer agents, the conventional drugs have thus far maintained their status as first-line monotherapy. However, when first-line monotherapy fails, an alternative drug has to be chosen from the available conventional and newer drugs. This article aims to give detailed background information on the newer AEDs in order to enable physicians to make a rational choice from the available drugs for individual patients. Data are provided for the different newer AEDs on mechanisms of action; efficacy in refractory partial epilepsy, newly diagnosed epilepsy in adults and generalised seizure types; adverse effects; pharmacokinetics; and use in special patient categories. ER  - 
Drug interactions of lithium and other antimanic/mood-stabilizing medications$$$ Treatments for bipolar disorder often consist of a combination of 2 or more medications that have mood-stabilizing properties. Lithium is the only agent that has shown efficacy for the treatment of acute mania and acute depression as well as for the prevention of recurrence of mania and depression in patients with bipolar disorder. Other agents frequently used as mood stabilizers in monotherapy and in combination with lithium are valproate and carbamazepine. Several other drugs that have moodstabilizing properties are used in many combinations to effectively manage the spectrum of symptoms of bipolar disorder throughout the acute and maintenance phases. However, side effects and drug-interaction precautions accompany all agents used to treat bipolar disorder, and often it can be difficult to determine whether a patient is suffering from side effects of treatment or symptoms of the illness itself. It is important to use the lowest effective dose of any treatment medication, to monitor laboratory values closely, and to be familiar with the side effects and interaction precautions of each medication that a patient is taking. Successful management of medications for the patient with bipolar disorder is a challenge, but increased effort and vigilance by clinicians mean a reduced risk of hospitalization and fewer office visits for patients. ER  - 
Differential cognitive and behavioral effects of topiramate and valproate$$$ Objective: Cognitive effects have been reported during topiramate (TPM) treatment, but effects relative to standard antiepileptic drugs are unclear. Methods: The authors compared TPM and valproate (VPA) added to carbamazepine (CBZ) in adults with partial seizures. A comprehensive neuropsychological test battery including cognitive, mood, and quality of life measures was used in this multicenter, randomized, double-blind study. After a 4-week baseline, study drug was titrated over 8 weeks to target dosages of 400 mg/d TPM, 2,250 mg/d VPA, or placebo and then maintained for an additional 12 weeks. The neuropsychological test battery was administered at baseline and at the end of titration and maintenance periods. Results: Slightly more patients on TPM dropped out. Neuropsychological data at all three test periods were available for 62 patients. At the end of maintenance, effects of TPM and VPA were comparable, except for two variables (Symbol Digit Modalities Test and Controlled Oral Word Association Test), in which TPM had greater negative effects relative to VPA. The statistical differences appeared to be due in large part to a small subset of patients who were more negatively affected by TPM. Cognitive effects of TPM relative to VPA were greater at the end of titration than at the end of maintenance. Conclusions: With adjunctive therapy at moderate dose escalation rate, the cognitive effects of TPM are slightly worse overall than VPA in patients who tolerate therapy over several months. ER  - 
The thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) hypothesis of homeostatic regulation: Implications for TRH-based therapeutics$$$ The functions of thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) in the central nervous system (CNS) can be conceptualized as performed by four anatomically distinct components that together comprise a general TRH homeostatic system. These components are 1) the hypothalamic-hypophysiotropic neuroendocrine system, 2) the brainstem/midbrain/spinal cord system, 3) the limbic/cortical system, and 4) the chronobiological system. We propose that the main neurobiological function of TRH is to promote homeostasis, accomplished through neuronal mechanisms resident in these four integrated systems. This hypothesis offers a unifying basis for understanding the myriad actions of TRH and TRH-related drugs already demonstrated in animals and humans. It is consistent with the traditional role of TRH as a regulator of metabolic homeostasis. An appreciation of the global function of TRH to modulate and normalize CNS activity, along with an appreciation of the inherent limitations of TRH itself as a therapeutic agent, leads to rational expectations of therapeutic benefit from metabolically stable TRH-mimetic drugs in a remarkably broad spectrum of clinical situations, both as monotherapy and as an adjunct to other therapeutic agents. The actions of TRH are numerous and varied. This has been viewed in the past as a conceptual and practical impediment to the development of TRH analogs. Herein, we alternatively propose that these manifold actions should be considered as a rational and positive impetus to the development of TRH-based drugs with the potential for unique and widespread applicability in human illness. ER  - 
Clinical pharmacology of topiramate versus lamotrigine versus phenobarbital: Comparison of efficacy and side effects using odds ratios$$$ Clinical pharmacologists, neurologists, internists, and all health care givers must consider the efficacy, safety, and side effect profile of a given antiepileptic drug (AED) when determining which drug is best for a given patient. The first purpose of this paper is to address whether the "new" AEDs have advantages over the "old" drugs. The second purpose is to teach those interested in clinical pharmacology about the use of Web-based information access to answer a neurology/ clinical pharmacology problem: to compare the efficacy and side effects of topiramate versus lamotrigine versus phenobarbital using odds ratios. Cost of all three AEDs was also compared. A number of new AEDs, including topiramate and lamotrigine, have been developed for chronic focal and secondarily generalized epileptic seizures. Efficacy of these drugs as anticonvulsants does not seem to be superior to that of traditional anticonvulsants such as phenobarbital. However, the advantage of the new drugs is a different spectrum of possible adverse events. Newer AEDs may or may not induce sedation and may minimize noncompliance by reducing side effects of lethargy and cognitive impairment. The difficulty in achieving therapeutic dosage because of side effects makes one consider whether these agents are "better" than the oldest and most side effect-prone AED, phenobarbital. The new AEDs have less frequent interactions, leading to improved tolerability with comedication. This exercise compares two "new" AEDs, topiramate and lamotrigine, with phenobarbital by evaluating efficacies and side effects using relative odds ratios, a method commonly used in drug development research. Development of new algorithms and/or new knowledge will bring beneficial tools to all clinical pharmacologists. © 2003 the American College of Clinical Pharmacology. ER  - 
Neuroadaptive processes in GABAergic and glutamatergic systems in benzodiazepine dependence$$$ Knowledge of the neural mechanisms underlying the development of benzodiazepine (BZ) dependence remains incomplete. The γ-aminobutyric acid (GABAA) receptor, being the main locus of BZ action, has been the main focus to date in studies performed to elucidate the neuroadaptive processes underlying BZ tolerance and withdrawal in preclinical studies. Despite this intensive effort, however, no clear consensus has been reached on the exact contribution of neuroadaptive processes at the level of the GABAA receptor to the development of BZ tolerance and withdrawal. It is likely that changes at the level of this receptor are inadequate in themselves as an explanation of these neuroadaptive processes and that neuroadaptations in other receptor systems are important in the development of BZ dependence. In particular, it has been hypothesised that as part of compensatory mechanisms to diazepam-induced chronic enhancement of GABAergic inhibition, excitatory mechanisms (including the glutamatergic system) become more sensitive [Behav. Pharmacol. 6 (1995) 425], conceivably contributing to BZ tolerance development and/or expression of withdrawal symptoms on cessation of treatment, including increased anxiety and seizure activity. Glutamate is a key candidate for changes in excitatory transmission mechanisms and BZ dependence, (1) since there are defined neuroanatomical relationships between glutamatergic and GABAergic neurons in the CNS and (2) because of the pivotal role of glutamatergic neurotransmission in mediating many forms of synaptic plasticity in the CNS, such as long-term potentiation and kindling events. Thus, it is highly possible that glutamatergic processes are also involved in the neuroadaptive processes in drug dependence, which can conceivably be considered as a form of synaptic plasticity. This review provides an overview of studies investigating changes in the GABAergic and glutamatergic systems in the brain associated with BZ dependence, with particular attention to the possible differential involvement of N-methyl-D-aspartate and α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionic acid receptors in these processes. © 2003 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Topiramate titration to response: Analysis of individualized therapy study (TRAITS)$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between baseline seizure frequency and stabilized topiramate dosage and the effect of individualized treatment on tolerability in adults with partial-onset seizures receiving other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). METHODS: In this 20-week, open-label trial, dosages of medications were adjusted according to clinical response. Dosage and seizure response data were analyzed for 2 groups defined by baseline seizure frequency: <4 and ≥4 seizures per month. RESULTS: In the outcome evaluable population (n = 471), the mean ± SEM stable topiramate dosage was 303 ± 139 mg/d when baseline seizure frequency was <4 seizures/month and 341 ± 153 mg/d when baseline seizure frequency was ≥4 seizures/month (p = 0.005). The most common adverse events were somnolence (8.5%), fatigue (7.3%), nausea (5.3%), and dizziness (5.0%). Cognitive complaints were reported by <3% of patients. When concomitant AED dosages were reduced, 14% of patients discontinued topiramate due to adverse events compared with 23% if the concomitant AED dosage was unchanged or increased. CONCLUSIONS: When clinicians individualize topiramate dosage according to clinical response, the stabilized topiramate dosage as add-on therapy is influenced by baseline seizure frequency. Topiramate tolerability is improved when dosages of concomitant AEDs are reduced. ER  - 
Pseudoseizures and asthma$$$ Background: Sexual abuse and head injury are important risk factors of pseudoseizures, reported in about a third of patients. Clinical experience suggests that asthma is another possible risk factor. Objectives: To determine the relative prevalence of asthma in patients with pseudoseizures. Methods: A retrospective record review was undertaken of reported asthma in 102 patients with pseudoseizures and 70 psychotic controls. The pseudoseizure patients were subgrouped according to method of diagnosis: 47 in whom epilepsy was excluded by capturing a Typical attack on video-electroencephalographic monitoring (VEEM), and 55 not diagnostically confirmed with VEEM. Results: Asthma was reported in 26.5% of pseudoseizure patients, compared with 8.6% of the psychotic controls (χ2= 8.6; p = 0.003). Asthma was reported at similar rates in the VEEM confirmed (29.8%) and non-VEEM confirmed (23.6%) pseudoseizure subgroups. The significant excess of reported asthma held for both the VEEM confirmed subjects (Pearson's χ2= 5.4, p = 0.02) and non-VEFM confirmed subjects (Pearson's χ2 = 8.9, p = 0.003). Conclusions: There is an association between pseudoseizures and reported asthma. Various models are proposed whereby somatisation, anxiety hyperventilation, and dissociative elaboration may account for the observed association. Both asthma and anxiety hyperventilation may be important risk factors for the development of pseudoseizures. The reported asthma may itself be psychogenic in origin in a proportion of patients. Confirmatory prospective studies are indicated. ER  - 
Neuropsychiatric manifestations in systemic lupus erythematosus: Prevalence and association with antiphospholipid antibodies$$$ Objective. To apply the new American College of Rheumatology nomenclature for neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus (NPSLE), determine the prevalence of the different neuropsychiatric (NP) syndromes, and evaluate which of these manifestations correlates with the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL). Methods. Clinical, serological, and imaging data of 323 consecutive patients with SLE were retrospectively reviewed. Neuropsychometric testing was applied by a neuropsychologist. Univariate and multivariate statistical analyses were applied to evaluate the association bewteen NP manifestations, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) abnormalities, and aPL. Results. In total, 185 patients (57.3%) had NP manifestations at any time during followup. Headache was the most frequent manifestation, present in 78 patients (24%). Cerebrovascular disease (CVD) was diagnosed in 47/323 patients (14.5%), with a total of 57 events. Mood disorders were found in 54 (16.7%), cognitive disorders in 35 (10.8%), and seizures in 27 patients (8.3%). Psychosis was diagnosed in 25 (7.7%), anxiety disorder in 24 (3.7%), and acute confusional state in 12 patients (3.7%). Less common manifestations were polyneuropathy, mononeuritis, myasthenia gravis, cranial neuropathy, myelopathy, chorea, demyelinating disease, and Guillain-Barré syndrome. The presence of aPL was associated with NP manifestations (p < 0.001). Multivariate analysis showed that aPL were independently associated with CVD (OR 6.17, 95% CI 2.94-12.9, p = 0.001), headache (OR 2.04, 95% CI 1.17-3.55, p = 0.01), and seizures (OR 2.89, 95% CI 1.18-7.10, p = 0.02). The presence of lupus anticoagulant (LAC) was independently associated with white matter hyperintensity lesions on MRI (OR 3.0, 95% CI 1.12-8.05, p = 0.027). Conclusion. The new ACR criteria for NPSLE are useful to define NP manifestations in SLE with accuracy. NP manifestations are significantly associated with aPL. CVD, headache, and seizures were independently associated with these antibodies. ER  - 
The utility of EEG in psychiatry and aggression$$$ Aims and method: To describe the outcomes of electroencephalography requested by general adult psychiatry over a 12-month period. Results: 187 electroencephalograms (EEGs) were performed. In 71%, the request was to look for evidence of epilepsy. In 22%, it was to determine whether there was organic brain dysfunction. In only one patient was unequivocal evidence of an epileptic focus found. A further 11 patients demonstrated a liability to epilepsy. In none of the 33 patients where aggression was mentioned on the request form were any diagnostic features found. Clinical implications: The yield of EEC in psychiatry is low. To diagnose epilepsy, clinicians should continue to rely on the clinical history of attacks and not the EEG. The presence of aggression is rarely associated with meaningful EEG changes. ER  - 
Use of botulinum toxin type A in poststroke spasticity$$$ The use of botulinum toxin type A to relax the overactive muscles occurring after stroke can improve the quality of life for affected patients. Botulinum toxin is injected locally into tight muscles and allows the patient improved function, such as cleaning the hand or assisting with dressing. A large multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial demonstrated improvement in tone and functional disability in those patients with poststroke spasticity of the hand and wrist treated with botulinum toxin. Benefits were maintained throughout the 12-week study. Side effects of the injections were mild and self-limited. Botulinum toxin type A injections for upper extremity spasticity are safe and efficacious, and should be considered as first choice in the treatment of this disorder. ER  - 
Indications, efficacy and tolerance of drug therapy in view of improving recovery of consciousness following a traumatic brain injury$$$ Objective. - To review the literature about the indications, efficacy, limits and tolerance problems of drugs used with the aim of improving recovery of consciousness after a traumatic coma. Methods. - Query using Medline, Embase, Neurosciences and Pascal databases. Thirty-two references were selected, including: articles proposing a synthesis of recent knowledge concerning neurotransmitters involved in vigilance, the pathophysiological mechanisms of impairment and the related pharmacology; clinical studies examining the efficacy of large categories of pharmacological agents (dopaminergic drugs, psychostimulants, tricyclic antidepressants and others) on vigilance and on alteration of consciousness following brain lesions. Results. - The synthesis provides evidence about the theoretical actions and efficacy of the available pharmacological agents. The clinical studies are less convincing: indications and therapeutic choices are empirical. Studies report often single cases. Randomised studies are rare, often heterogeneous concerning the aetiology of the brain lesions. The evaluation scales are varied and too wide. In this context, amantadin, amphetamine, methylphenidate and bromocryptin showed some positive effects. Despite a pessimist general feeling, some cases of unexpected recovery as well as relapses during breaks in treatment were arguments in favour of the drug that was administered. Discussion/Conclusion. - This review suggests that drug treatments for awakening might become a useful and perhaps even indispensable, complement in case management. It is therefore urgent to design multicentre studies in order to set rational indications and to develop realistic therapeutic protocols. © 2003 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. Tous droits réservés. ER  - 
Gateways to clinical trials: May 2003$$$ Gateways to Clinical Trials is a guide to the most recent clinical trials in current literature and congresses. The data in the following tables has been retrieved from the Clinical Studies knowledge area of Prous Science Integrity®, the drug discovery and development portal, http://integrity.prous.com. This issue focuses on the following selection of drugs: 2F5, 2G12, Abetimus sodium, ABI-007, adalimumab, adefovir dipivoxil, AE-941, alefacept, altropane, aminolevulinic acid hydrochloride, aminolevulinic acid methyl ester, aminopterin, anakinra, aprinocarsen sodium, atazanavir, atlizumab, atomoxetine hydrochloride; B7-1 vaccine, bevacizumab, biricodar dicitrate, BMS-188667, brasofensine sulfate, bryostatin 1; Cantuzumab mertansine, CHS-828, cinacalcet hydrochloride, cipamfylline, creatine, CVT-3146; Darbepoetin alfa, DITPA, drotrecogin alfa (activated), duloxetine hydrochloride; Edatrexate, efalizumab, ENMD-0997, epoetin, erlosamide, esomeprazole magnesium, etiprednol dicloacetate, etoricoxib, everolimus, ezetimibe; Fampridine, fenretinide, FTY-720; IGF-I/IGFBP-3 IL-1 cytokine trap, ilodecakin, interferon beta, ISIS-104838, ISIS-2503, ISIS-5132, ivabradine hydrochloride; Lafutidine, lanthanum carbonate, L-Arginine hydrochloride, LEA29Y, lerdelimumab, levetiracetam, levobupivacaine hydrochloride, levosimendan, lopinavir; Melagatran, mibefradil hydrochloride, miglustat, morphine-6-glucuronide; Nesiritide; Omalizumab, omapatrilat; p24-VLP, parecoxib sodium, peginterferon alfa-2a, peginterferon alfa-2b, pegsunercept, pitavastatin calcium, plevitrexed, prasterone, pregabalin, PRO-2000, prucalopride; Rapacuronium bromide, rebimastat, RGA-0853, rubitecan, ruboxistaurin mesilate hydrate, RWJ-67657; S-16020-2, sarizotan, SLV-306, stiripentol; TA-CIN, tenecteplase, teriparatide, tezacitabine, tipifarnib, trabectedin, troglitazone; Valdecoxib, vardenafil; Z-338, ziconotide. © 2003 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The KEEPER™ trial: Levetiracetam adjunctive treatment of partial-onset seizures in an open-label community-based study$$$ Purpose: Three randomized, placebo-controlled trials have demonstrated the safety and efficacy of levetiracetam, a new antiepileptic medication, as add-on therapy for partial-onset seizures. The purpose of this study was to gather additional safety and efficacy data on levetiracetam in the real-world setting of community-based practice. Methods: This was a phase IV prospective, open-label, multicenter, community-based trial. A total of 1030 patients (intent-to-treat (ITT) population) at least 16 years old (mean, 42.2 years) with partial-onset seizures were enrolled by over 300 investigators. Patients whose partial-onset seizures were inadequately controlled on their current medications had levetiracetam 500mg bid added to their regimens. The levetiracetam dose was increased by 500mg bid at the end of weeks 2 and 4 to a maximum dose of 1500mg bid, unless the patient had been seizure-free during the preceding 2-week period. The dose was then to remain the same for 12 weeks. The main outcome measures were reduction in seizure frequency, global evaluation scale (GES), and adverse events. Results: During the 16 weeks of the trial, 57.9% (542/936) experienced at least a 50% reduction in the frequency of partial-onset seizures, 40.1% (375/936) experienced at least a 75% reduction, and 20% (187/936) demonstrated a 100% seizure reduction. During the last 6 weeks of the study, 66.7% (500/750) experienced at least a 50% reduction in the frequency of partial seizures, 52.4% (393/750) experienced at least a 75% reduction, and 42.1% (316/750) demonstrated a 100% seizure reduction. On the investigator-completed clinical impression rating (GES), 74.3% (734/988) of patients were considered improved, with 37% of patients showing marked improvement. The most common adverse events were somnolence, dizziness, asthenia, and headache; these events were predominantly mild-to-moderate in nature. Conclusions: These results provide further evidence regarding the efficacy and safety of levetiracetam as adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures. © 2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Preliminary efficacy of levetiracetam in children$$$ Treatment of seizures in pediatric patients is complicated by the fact that the etiology of the disorder and the pharmacokinetics, efficacy, and safety of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) may differ from that in adults. With few controlled clinical trials of AEDs in children, the selection of agents to treat pediatric patients must be made on the basis of information from small uncontrolled studies or the extrapolation of clinical trial results in adults. Data from a large number of children with a wide range of seizure disorders who were treated in small-scale prospective studies, or whose records were retrospectively evaluated, indicate that levetiracetam reduces the frequency of seizures in pediatric patients. Available data also indicate that levetiracetam is well tolerated in pediatric patients, with a safety profile similar to that in adults, a low potential for behavioral disturbances, and no reported idiosyncratic adverse reactions. As with other AEDs, children metabolize and clear levetiracetam more rapidly than adults, and somewhat higher doses (based on body weight) are needed to achieve desired plasma concentrations. Several ongoing studies will provide further information on the pharmacokinetics, efficacy, and safety of levetiracetam in this patient population. ER  - 
Methodology for the Evaluation of Drugs in Pregnant Women$$$ Although drugs are prescribed during pregnancy with some reluctance, they fulfil a real need in some circumstances. Adequate drug evaluation is thus essential, either based on efficacy and safety or mainly safety, using available data from non-pregnant women. Evaluation methodology is not fundamentally different during pregnancy. Recommendations for drug development are formulated on the basis of the most common situations as well as specific suggestions, thus raising the awareness of the different partners participating in healthcare (institutions, the pharmaceutical industry and prescribers). In particular, regulatory and economic incentives superimposed upon those recommendations adopted in Europe and the US for orphan diseases should be put into place to assist in the evaluation of drugs used in obstetrics. Medical needs in obstetrics should be better identified, and labelling of drugs for use during pregnancy should be better directed towards prescribers; a national registry of pregnancies should be established in France. ER  - 
The emerging differential roles of GABAergic and antiglutamatergic agents in bipolar disorders$$$ Treatment options to relieve the diverse symptoms encountered in patients with bipolar disorders include not only mood stabilizers, but also anxiolytics, new anticonvulsants, antidepressants, and antipsychotics. These agents have widely varying mechanisms of action, which could contribute to the heterogeneity of clinical effects seen in practice. Several of these medications, especially those with anticonvulsant effects, enhance γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) inhibitory neurotransmission and/or attenuate glutamate excitatory neurotransmission. We review the efficacy and tolerability of these diverse treatment options in bipolar disorders and explore possible relationships between clinical effects and GABAergic and antiglutamatergic mechanisms of action. ER  - 
Focus on paroxetine$$$ This review of paroxetine is based on Medline and PsycLit searches and a manual search of the available research literature. It aims to cover the pharmacology of this frequently prescribed SSRI antidepressant in terms of its indications, efficacy and adverse effects. Overall, paroxetine is a well-tolerated and safe first-line SSRI antidepressant with anxiolytic qualities. It has been found useful in depression, anxiety and other conditions such as obsessive compulsive disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder. The antidepressant has some advantages over earlier tricyclic medication in terms of a lack of cardiovascular side-effects and relative safety in overdose, Cessation of use, however, is associated with withdrawal or discontinuation symptoms and patients should be counselled as to how these might be avoided. A 3- or 4-week graded withdrawal regimen, perhaps with concomitant fluoxetine to cover serotonergic discontinuation symptoms, may be advisable. ER  - 
Clozapine: In prevention of suicide in patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder$$$ The atypical antipsychotic agent clozapine is associated with a lower propensity for extrapyramidal symptoms than classical antipsychotic agents. The pharmacokinetics of clozapine are affected by wide interpatient variability and a potential for drug interactions. Some studies have shown a relationship between plasma concentrations, duration of treatment and antipsychotic clinical response. Clozapine (mean 274.2 mg/day; n = 490) had a greater preventive effect on suicidality among patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder at high risk for suicide than olanzapine (mean 16.6 mg/day; n = 490) in a randomised, rater-blinded, multicentre study (p < 0.05; a 22-24% improvement). Other prospective noncomparative trials of the effects of clozapine on suicidal ideation or attempts endorsed these results, while results from retrospective trials are equivocal. Clozapine is commonly associated with sedation, hypersalivation, tachycardia, dizziness, constipation and orthostatic hypotension. Agranulocytosis, diabetes mellitus and weight gain may also occur. ER  - 
Down's syndrome$$$ The sequencing of chromosome 21 and the use of models of Down's syndrome in mice have allowed us to relate genes and sets of genes to the neuropathogenesis of this syndrome, and to better understand its phenotype. Research in prenatal screening and diagnosis aims to find methods to identify fetuses with Down's syndrome, and reduce or eliminate the need for amniocentesis. Other areas of active research and clinical interest include the association of Down's syndrome with coeliac disease and Alzheimer's disease, and improved median age of death. Medical management of the syndrome requires an organised approach of assessment, monitoring, prevention, and vigilance. Improvements in quality of life of individuals with Down's syndrome have resulted from improvements in medical care, identification and treatment of psychiatric disorders (such as depression, disruptive behaviour disorders, and autism), and early educational interventions with support in typical educational settings. Approaches and outcomes differ throughout the world. ER  - 
The effect of remifentanil on seizure duration and acute hemodynamic responses to electroconvulsive therapy$$$ We designed this prospective, randomized, doubleblinded, placebo-controlled, crossover study to evaluate the effect of different doses of remifentanil on the acute hemodynamic response and duration of seizure activity after a standardized electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) stimulus. Twenty consenting patients with major depressive disorders receiving maintenance ECT participated in this study. Eighty ECT treatments were evaluated. All patients were premedicated with glycopyrrolate 0.2 mg IV, unconsciousness was induced with methohexital 1 mg/kg IV, and muscle paralysis was produced with succinylcholine 1.2 mg/kg IV. Subsequently, patients received 1 of 3 different doses of remifentanil 25,50, and 100 μg or saline (control) in a random sequence immediately after methohexital at 4 consecutive ECT treatments. Labetalol, in 5-mg IV boluses, was used as a rescue antihypertensive medication. A fixed suprathreshold electrical stimulus was administered to elicit a seizure, and the times from the stimulus to the cessation of the motor and electroencephalographic (EEG) seizure activity were noted. Pre- and post-ECT blood pressure values were significantly decreased in the 100-μg remifentanil group compared with the control group. The durations of motor (38 ± 9 s to 43 ± 15 s) and EEG (55 ± 29 s to 60 ± 21 s) seizure activity were not significantly different among the four groups. Similarly, recovery times to eye opening, obeying commands, and discharge from the recovery room did not differ among the four study groups. The requirement for labetalol after ECT was nonsignificantly decreased in the remifentanil groups. In conclusion, remifentanil 100 μg IV attenuated the acute hemodynamic response to ECT. Furthermore, remifentanil had no adverse effect on the duration of ECT-induced seizure activity. Finally, adjunctive use of remifentanil did not prolong recovery times or increase post-ECT side effects. ER  - 
Acute pain management for patients undergoing thoracotomy$$$ Management of thoracotomy pain can be difficult, but the benefits of effective pain control are significant. A variety of modalities for treating postoperative pain after thoracotomy are available, including systemic opiates, regional analgesics, and new oral and parenteral agents. This work provides a review of the literature and recommendations for the clinician. © 2003 by The Society of Thoracic Surgeons. ER  - 
A phase 3 trial of local chemotherapy with biodegradable carmustine (BCNU) wafers (Gliadel wafers) in patients with primary malignant glioma$$$ A previous placebo-controlled trial has shown that biodegradable 1,3-bis (2-chloroethyl)-1-nitrosourea (BCNU) wafers (Gliadel wafers) prolong survival in patients with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme. A previously completed phase 3 trial, also placebo controlled, in 32 patients with newly diagnosed malignant glioma also demonstrated a survival benefit in those patients treated with BCNU wafers. Because of the small number of patients in that trial, a larger phase 3 trial was performed to confirm these results. Two hundred forty patients were randomized to receive either BCNU or placebo wafers at the time of primary surgical resection; both groups were treated with external beam radiation postoperatively. The two groups were similar for age, sex, Karnofsky performance status (KPS), and tumor histology. Median survival in the intent-to-treat group was 13.9 months for the BCNU wafer-treated group and 11.6 months for the placebo-treated group (log-rank P-value stratified by country = 0.03), with a 29% reduction in the risk of death in the treatment group. When adjusted for factors affecting survival, the treatment effect remained positive with a risk reduction of 28% (P = 0.03). Time to decline in KPS and in 10/11 neuroperformance measures was statistically significantly prolonged in the BCNU wafer-treated group (P ≤ 0.05). Adverse events were comparable for the 2 groups, except for CSF leak (5% in the BCNU wafer-treated group vs. 0.8% in the placebo-treated group) and intracranial hypertension (9.1% in the BCNU wafer-treated group vs. 1.7% in the placebo group). This study confirms that local chemotherapy with BCNU wafers is well tolerated and offers a survival benefit to patients with newly diagnosed malignant glioma. ER  - 
Efficacy and tolerability of levetiracetam during 1-year follow-up in patients with refractory epilepsy$$$ Problem: Levetiracetam (LEV) is a new antiepileptic drug shown to be effective for the treatment of partial seizures in pivotal clinical trials. We investigated the long-term efficacy and tolerability of LEV as add-on therapy, regardless of seizure type, especially in persons who would not be eligible for clinical trials due to factors such as mental retardation and concomitant psychiatric disorders. Methods: Ninety-eight patients participated and were followed for 1 year. Demographic data, seizure frequency, and side effects were recorded at baseline and during the 1-year follow-up. The first 35 patients were given LEV at a starting dose of 500 mg b.i.d. with weekly increments of 1000 mg (fast titration). The other patients were given LEV with a starting dose of 250 mg b.i.d. with weekly increments of 250 mg (slow titration). Results: Fourteen patients were completely seizure free after titration to effective dose and 57 were responders with >50% seizure reduction for the first year. In the group with generalized seizures, 1 out of 19 became seizure free, but 8 patients had >50% decrease. Average dose at 1 year was 1900 mg (±900). Seventeen of 38 discontinuations were due to adverse effects and 21 were due to lack of efficacy. With fast titration, 15 out of 35 (43%) experienced tiredness during the first 12 weeks, and with slower titration 20 of 63 (32%) experienced tiredness. The difference was not statistically significant. Four out of the five patients who discontinued due to behavioral adverse events (mainly irritability) previously had behavioral problems and/or mental retardation. One patient discontinued due to psychosis. Conclusions: Levetiracetam appears to be well tolerated in patients with severe epilepsy and shows efficacy in a long-term follow-up. Behavioral adverse events were noted in a small number of patients and occurred mainly in patients who had a history of behavioral disturbance or were mentally retarded. These data from an open population are consistent with the findings of clinical trials. © 2002 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
An open-label study of levetiracetam at individualised doses between 1000 and 3000 mg day-1 in adult patients with refractory epilepsy$$$ Background: The novel antiepileptic drug (AED) levetiracetam (LEV, Keppra®) is indicated as adjunctive therapy for partial epilepsy. The primary aim of this study was to measure the safety and tolerability of LEV individualised dosing in a heterogeneous refractory epilepsy population. Methods: LEV was evaluated in a 10- to 16-week open-label, multicentre study in adult patients with epilepsy refractory to previous treatment with at least two AEDs. Individualised LEV doses up to 3000 mg day-1 were determined in an initial up-titration phase, and optimal doses were administered as adjunctive treatment during an 8- to 10-week evaluation period. Concomitant AEDs and their doses could not be changed during the study. Safety and tolerability were monitored by expression of adverse events as well as by retention rate. The effect of LEV on concomitant AED concentration was also studied. Efficacy was assessed using global clinical evaluation (GCE) scores, seizure frequency, and ≥50% responder rate. Results: LEV therapy was initiated in 219 patients; 183 had localisation-related epilepsy and 37 had generalised epilepsy. In one patient, epileptic syndrome was defined as both localisation-related and generalised. About 81.7% (179/219) continued and completed treatment throughout the study, and 79% (172/219) chose to continue LEV in a follow-up study. The most common adverse events were asthenia, dizziness, and somnolence. Most adverse events occurred during up-titration. LEV treatment did not alter the concentration of concomitant AEDs. LEV improved GCE scores in 79.5% (152/191) of patients. LEV reduced the median total seizure frequency of all patients from a median of 2.25 seizures per week at baseline (n = 219) to 1.10 seizures per week during the evaluation period (n = 191 patients with at least one seizure count during evaluation). The ≥50% responder rate was 48.2% for all seizure types, 49.4% for partial-onset, and 51.4% for generalised-onset seizures. Throughout the evaluation period (i.e. from the start of the evaluation period until completion or early discontinuation), 26/191 (13.6%) had a 100% reduction in total seizure frequency, while in a follow-up study, 10.5% (18/172) were seizure-free for at least 6 months and 6.4% (11/172) were seizure-free for at least 1 year. Conclusion: LEV was well tolerated, as evidenced by limited adverse event reporting and the high retention rate, and appeared effective in both generalised and partial epilepsy. © 2003 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Levetiracetam nonotherapy for newly diagnosed epilepsy patients$$$ We retrospectively reviewed the charts of all of our patients with a history of partial seizures, with and without secondarily generalisation, who received levetiracetam (LEV; Keppra®) for treatment of their seizures during the years 2000-2002. Forty-five patients were identified, 13 of whom began LEV as first line therapy. Eleven patients continued on LEV for at least 6 months; six of whom became seizure free and five had >50% reduction in their seizures. The remaining two patients discontinued LEV because of adverse effects. LEV monotherapy can be effective and well tolerated in adults with new onset seizures. A prospective, large, double-blind monotherapy study for newly diagnosed patients is needed to confirm this finding. © 2002 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of bupropion SR for smoking cessation: Data from clinical trials and five years of postmarketing experience$$$ Bupropion SR was introduced for smoking cessation in the US in 1997. This review assesses the efficacy and safety of bupropion SR for treatment of tobacco dependence based on data from clinical trials and five years of postmarketing experience. Through June 2001, there were approximately 32 million patient exposures to bupropion (9 million for smoking cessation) in clinical practice, and more than 8000 patients have been studied in clinical trials for tobacco dependence. In clinical trials, bupropion SR was more effective than placebo at improving initial and long-term abstinence rates and preventing relapse. Bupropion SR is generally well tolerated. The most common adverse event in clinical trials or clinical practice is insomnia, which can also be a symptom of nicotine withdrawal. The two main risks of treatment with bupropion SR are major motor seizure and hypersensitivity reaction. Clinical trials data suggest that the incidence of seizure is approximately 0.1%, and that of serious cases of hypersensitivity approximately 0.12%. Benefit-risk assessment, assuming a 30% one-year quit rate demonstrates that for every 10,000 smokers treated with bupropion SR, 19 lives are saved and 86 cases of smoking-attributed morbidity are averted in a five-year period while the risk of experiencing one of the two potentially serious adverse events during treatment is 0.22%. These data further establish both the efficacy and safety of bupropion SR and its use in preventing the adverse health effects of chronic tobacco use. ER  - 
Bupropion SR for smoking cessation$$$ Cigarette dependence is recognised as a life-threatening disorder which can be treated by behavioural support and/or medication. Bupropion hydrochloride sustained-release (Zyban™, GlaxoSmithKline) is licensed in many countries including the US, Canada, UK, Australia and continental Europe to aid smoking cessation. The usual recommended dose is 150 mg b.i.d. taken for 7 - 14 days prior to the quit date, and then 6 - 8 weeks afterwards (figures vary across countries). Evidence from seven double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised trials shows that it improves success at staying off cigarettes for at least 12 months by 9 - 10 percentage points. Taking into account estimates of subsequent cessation and relapse patterns in treated and untreated smokers, and the improvement in life-expectancy of smokers who manage to stop, the estimated cost/life/year saved from an episode of use of the medication is ∼ UK£1000 or US$1500. Bupropion has CNS stimulant properties; the common side effects are dry mouth and sleep disturbance. Rare but serious side effects are anaphylactic/hypersensitivity reaction and seizure (both estimated at 1 in a 1000). The drug is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to the drug or its metabolites, any seizure disorder, eating disorder, severe hepatic cirrhosis, history of bipolar disorder or in patients taking monoamine oxidase inhibitors. Extreme caution is advised where there are any predisposing factors that may reduce the seizure threshold. Bupropion sustained-release and nicotine replacement therapies are both considered as first-line treatments to aid smoking cessation. Ideally patients should also enrol in a structured behavioural support programme to boost their chances of success. ER  - 
Cervical vagus nerve stimulation for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Therapeutic brain stimulation through left cervical VNS now has established safety and efficacy as a long-term adjunct treatment for medication-resistant epilepsy. There is considerable evidence from both animal and human studies that the vagus nerve carries afferent signals to limbic and higher cortical brain regions, providing a rationale for its possible role in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Open-label studies in patients with treatment-resistant depression have produced promising results, especially when response rates at longer term (1 year and 2 years) follow-up time points are considered. Short-term (10 weeks) treatment with VNS failed to demonstrate statistical superiority over sham treatment in a recently completed double-blind study, so antidepressant efficacy has not yet been established. Longer term data on VNS in depressed patients as well as further information regarding the possible dose-response relation will help to determine the place of VNS in the armament of therapeutic modalities available for major depression. ER  - 
New CNS-active drugs which are second-generation valproic acid: Can they lead to the development of a magic bullet?$$$ Purpose of review: Valproic acid (VPA) is one of the four first line antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). VPA is also an effective drug in migraine prophylaxis and in treatment of bipolar disorders. The use of VPA is limited by its two rare but potentially life-threatening side effects, teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity, and it is the least potent of the established AEDs. Consequently, there is an incentive to develop a second-generation VPA. A successful, second-generation VPA would need to possess the following characteristics: broad-spectrum antiepileptic activity; better potency than VPA; and lack of teratogenicity and hepatotoxicity. These characteristics would give such a drug the potential to be utilized in epilepsy and other CNS disorders. Recent findings: Intensive research has been carried out in order to develop a second-generation VPA that would be more potent and safer than VPA. Amide derivatives of VPA have shown particular value as potential follow-up compounds and have better in-vivo performance than VPA. Several CNS-active valproylamides are more potent as antiepileptics than VPA, they possess broad-spectrum antiepileptic activity, and have been found to be nonteratogenic in animal models. The amide analogues of VPA that emerged from structure-pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic relationship studies as promising second-generation compounds are: N-methyl-tetramethylcyclopropane carboxamide, (2S,3S)-valnoctamide, (R)-propylisopropyl acetamide and valproyl glycinamide. Summary: At present there are three compounds in clinical trials in patients with epilepsy that can be regarded as second-generation VPA: valproyl glycinamide, 3-methylbutanamide or isovaleramide and SPD421 (DP-VPA). For any one of these second-generation valproic acids to become a successful follow-up compound to VPA, it has to fulfil the above criteria and also possess favorable pharmacokinetics. © 2003 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Perinatal factors associated with attention deficit/hyperactivity diagnosis in Colombian 'paisa' children$$$ Introduction. Some perinatal factors have been associated with attention déficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Objective. To estimate the association between perinatal factor and ADHD diagnosis in school, aged 6 to 11 years, children from Medellín city (Colombia). Patients and methods. A randomized sample of 200 cases, 6- to 11-year old, with standardized ADHD diagnosis was selected. A randomized sample of 200 control children, 6- to 11-year old, was selected from a database of 70 schools of Medellín city. The same diagnostic protocol was administered to controls. A questionnaire with questions about pregnancy, delivery an neonatal period was given to the mothers. Data were analyzed using cross tabulation and stepwise logistic multiple regression analyses. Results. Miscarriage symptoms, premature delivery symptoms, severe flu attacks (cold with fever, without virus confirmation), tobacco abuse, alcohol abuse (to become drunk), minor congenital malformations, neonatal seizures and hospitalizations during newborn period were factors associated with ADHD diagnosis (p< 0.05). However, stepwise logistic multiple regression analysis selected a block of variables formed by premature delivery symptoms, severe flu attacks and neonatal seizures as significant perinatal risk factors (p< 0.01) for ADHD diagnosis. ER  - 
Associated features of conversion disorder in Turkish adolescents$$$ Background: Conversion disorder in adolescents has not been studied extensively. A limited number of studies have focused on the features related to conversion disorder in adolescents. However, most of these studies used either retrospective data or did not have a control group that would allow comparison with the index cases. Methods: Fifty-two Turkish adolescent patients diagnosed with conversion disorder were compared with a control group of 52 adolescents diagnosed with psychiatric disorders other than conversion disorder. The data were collected from the adolescent subjects and their mothers by various questionnaires, inventories, and psychiatric interviews. Results: In the present study, pseudoseizures were the most common subtype of conversion disorder, followed by motor symptoms or deficits. Coming from a rural area, having a broken family, long-term separation from parents, problems related to communication and expression of emotions in the family, higher anxiety scores, conversion disorder in the proximal environment, and conversion disorder or other psychiatric disorders in the mother were significantly associated with conversion disorder in adolescents. Conclusions: The findings of the present study are in accordance with existing findings, and amplify the importance of problems in family functioning in the etiology of conversion disorder. ER  - 
The analysis of cytokines in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) in two cases of non-herpetic acute limbic encephalitis (NHALE)$$$ We report two cases of non-herpetic acute limbic encephalitis (NHALE) which showed elevation of interleukin (IL)-6 in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). [Case 1] The patient was a 25-year-old woman who was admitted to another hospital because of fever and severe headache, following common cold. After the admission, she developed severe disturbance of consciousness and suffered from generalized convulsions, and was then transferred to our hospital. The CSF examination revealed neither pleocytosis nor elevation of total protein. Her consciousness improved by intravenous administration of high-dose methylprednisolone, but mild retrograde amnesia and symptomatic epilepsy remained as sequelae. [Case 2] The patient was a 58-year-old man who was admitted to our hospital because of fever, severe headache, and mild disturbance of consciousness, following common cold. After the admission, he exhibited marked psychiatric symptoms and severe amnestic syndrome. The CSF examination revealed mild lymphocytic pleocytosis and mild elevation of total protein. His clinical symptoms improved markedly by intravenous administration of high-dose methylprednisolone, but mild retrograde amnesia and personality changes remained. Cranial MRI showed reversible high signal intensity lesions in bilateral hippocampi and amygdaloid bodies on diffusion weighted images (DWI) in both cases. No laboratory findings suggesting herpes simplex virus infection or malignancy were detected in either case. In the CSF analysis of cytokines including IL-1 β, IL-2, IL-6, IL-10, tumor necrosis factorα, and interferonγ, only IL-6 was elevated in both cases. We recognized four clinical features in both cases as follows: 1 the episode of preceding infection such as common cold, 2 appearance of reversible high signal intensity lesions in bilateral hippocampi and amygdaloid bodies on DWI, 3 elevation of only IL-6 in CSF, and 4 marked neurological improvement by intravenous administration of high-dose methylprednisolone. We speculate that the immune reaction of the host might play some significant roles in the pathogenesis of NHALE, based on these four clinical features. ER  - 
A systematic review of the behavioral effects of levetiracetam in adults with epilepsy, cognitive disorders, or an anxiety disorder during clinical trials$$$ This report reviews behavioral adverse events occurring among adults receiving levetiracetam (LEV) or placebo who participated in short-term, placebo-controlled studies in epilepsy (1023), cognitive disorders (719), or anxiety disorders (1510) and epilepsy patients (1393) observed in long-term trials. Behavioral events (affective, psychotic, and suicidal symptoms) were significantly more common among epilepsy patients than cognition or anxiety patients treated with LEV for similar durations (P = 0.022). Affective symptoms occurring at 1% or more often in epilepsy placebo-controlled trials included depression (3.8% LEV-2.1% placebo), nervousness (3.8%-1.8%), hostility (2.3%-0.9%), anxiety (1.8%-1.1%), and emotional lability (1.7%-0.2%). Patients with cognitive and anxiety disorders had lower incidences of these symptoms. The incidence of behavioral events in LEV-treated epilepsy patients was lower than rates reported for some other antiepileptic drugs. These data support the hypothesis that some feature related to epilepsy is the cause of many behavioral events rather than the addition of a specific antiepileptic drug. © 2003 Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved. ER  - 
A Look Ahead to Geriatrics '03: ASCP's 25th Midyear Conference and Exhibition$$$ Through a diverse array of educational programs, next month's ASCP midyear conference in Tampa, Florida, will provide the clinical and practice management tools pharmacists need to succeed at all points along the expanding senior care continuum. ER  - 
Chronic graft-versus-host disease$$$ Chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) remains a vexing and dangerous complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation. Mild forms of chronic GVHD are often manageable with local or low-dose systemic immunosuppression and do not affect long-term survival. In contrast, more severe forms of chronic GVHD require intensive medical management and adversely affect survival. This report reviews current concepts of the pathogenesis, clinical risk factors, classification systems, organ manifestations, and available treatments for chronic GVHD. It also provides a comprehensive listing of the published clinical trials aimed at prevention and primary treatment of chronic GVHD. © 2003 American Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation. ER  - 
Assessment and management of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults$$$ ATTENTION-DEFICIT HYPERACTIVITY DISORDER (ADHD) IS ESTIMATED to affect 2%-6% of adults. The symptoms in adults with ADHD mirror those in children with the disorder and are associated with significant educational, occupational and interpersonal difficulties. Double-blind, placebo-controlled trials have established that adult ADHD is responsive to stimulant medication treatment. New medications and psychotherapeutic approaches are being developed in an effort to achieve optimal treatment effects in this population. We review the available literature and provide an approach to the assessment and management of ADHD in adults. ER  - 
Evidence-based mental health use of anticonvulsants during pregnancy.$$$ There are many pertinent issues surrounding the treatment of bipolar disorder during pregnancy. Unfortunately, while there are numerous observational reports in the literature, there is not a lot of information concerning the safety and efficacy of particular treatments or the nontreatment of bipolar disorder during pregnancy. Much of the existing data comes from the neurology literature regarding epilepsy. In this review, we summarize the available evidence regarding the safety and efficacy of using the anticonvulsants carbamazepine and valproic acid during pregnancy. The available data suggest that there is a possibility of risk of major malformations with the anticonvulsants. The risk is probably higher with valproic acid than carbamazepine. In this article lithium is not discussed, although there are a number of concerns about lithium's potential teratogenicity, and it has been implicated in Epstein's anomaly, a congenital heart defect among infants born to women taking lithium; as with other medications, however, the data have specific limitations. ER  - 
Risk factors and outcome of mood disorders in epilepsy: A case-control study$$$ Background: This case-control study investigated both the risk factors and outcome of mood disorders in epilepsy. Methods: For this study, 44 patients with both epilepsy and a mood disorder (study group) were compared with 44 randomly selected patients of epilepsy without a mood disorder (control group). Psychiatric diagnosis was made as per ICD-10 Diagnostic Criteria for Research (ICD-10 DCR). International classification for seizure types (1981) was used for classification of seizure types. Results: Of the patients in the study group, a majority were educated up to at least primary level, had later onset of seizures, longer duration of epilepsy and cluster attacks. The outcome of mood disorders in epilepsy was found good in most. Conclusions: Educated patients who develop epilepsy at a later age and patients with poorly controlled epilepsy are more likely to experience mood disorders. In most patients with epilepsy, mood disorders remit completely; notably, in some patients affective symptoms resolve spontaneously. © 2002 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Hyperbaric oxygen for treating wounds: A systematic review of the literature$$$ Objective: To determine whether hyperbaric oxygen (HBO) therapy is an effective adjunct treatment for hypoxic wounds. Methods: We identified studies from technology assessment reports on HBO and a MEDLINE search from mid-1998 to August 2001. We accepted randomized controlled trials (RCTs), cohorts, and case series that reported original data, included at least 5 patients, evaluated the use of HBO for wound care, and reported clinical outcomes. Demographics, wound conditions, HBO regimen, adverse events, and major clinical outcomes were extracted from each study. Results: Fifty-seven studies, 7 RCTs, 16 nonrandomized studies, and 34 case series involving more than 2000 patients are included in this review. None of the studies used wound tissue hypoxia as a patient inclusion criterion. The study results suggest that HBO may be beneficial as an adjunctive therapy for chronic nonhealing diabetic wounds, compromised skin grafts, osteoradionecrosis, soft tissue radionecrosis, and gas gangrene compared with standard wound care alone. Serious adverse events associated with HBO include seizures and pressure-related traumas, such as pneumothorax. A few deaths in the studies were associated with these adverse events. Conclusions: The overall study quality is poor, with inadequate or no controls in most studies. The studies suggest that HBO may be helpful for some wounds, but there is insufficient evidence to ascertain the appropriate time to initiate therapy and to establish criteria that determine whether patients will benefit. Serious adverse events may occur. High-quality RCTs that evaluate the short-and long-term risks and benefits of HBO are necessary to better inform clinical decisions. ER  - 
Amitriptyline in the treatment of primary headaches$$$ Prophylactic treatment of primary headaches should be considered if the patient has severe or frequent attacks and if management of the acute attack is inadequate. The tricyclic antidepressant, amitriptyline, is widely used for the prophylactic treatment of migraine and tension-type headache. In spite of its extensive use, amitriptyline has only been studied in few controlled trials in migraine. These studies indicate, but do not prove, that amitriptyline is effective in migraine. Amitriptyline has been shown to be moderately effective in chronic tension-type headache in several controlled studies, but the use is often hampered by side effects. Conclusive studies regarding the efficacy of amitriptyline in migraine are much wanted. There is great need for development of more efficacious drugs with fewer side effects for the prophylactic treatment of primary headaches. ER  - 
Review of the newer antiepileptic drugs$$$ This review article discusses the newer anti-epileptic drugs gabapentin, lamotrigine, tiagabine, topiramate, levetiracetam, oxcarbazepine, and zonisamide. Emphasis is given to FDA-approved indications and place in therapy. The mechanisms of action and pharmacokinetics of each drug is provided and the most common adverse effects are reviewed. Clinical studies leading to FDA approval are discussed. Practical points on proper dosing and monitoring are stressed, and drug interactions are also included. ER  - 
Alcohol withdrawal treatment in intoxicated vs non-intoxicated patients: A controlled open-label study with tiapride/carbamazepine, clomethiazole and diazepam$$$ Aims and methods: Alcohol withdrawal treatment efficacy of tiapride/carbamazepine (A) vs clomethiazole (B) vs diazepam (C) in non-intoxicated patients and vs tiapride/carbamazepine in intoxicated patients (D; breath alcohol concentration ≥ 1 g/l) was tested (n = 127) in a controlled randomized open-label study. Results: Efficacy and safety were not different between groups (total group: delirium, 3.9%; seizure, 0.8%), except for a lack of efficacy in 18% of intoxicated tiapride/carbamazepine patients. A change of medication in this group was necessary only when primarily intoxicated patients had reached the non-intoxicated range. Conclusions: Treatment with tiapride/carbamazepine in alcohol-intoxicated patients proved to be safe. ER  - 
Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS): Utility in neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ Early in the last century, neuroscientists initially speculated that it might be possible to influence brain activity and associated behaviours by stimulating the vagus nerve in the neck. Several animal studies pointed to this possibility. In the 1980s, Zabara discovered that vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) could reduce or eliminate seizures in dogs. His discovery led to enhanced methods of direct VNS and the development of an implantable device for human VNS. VNS is now an accepted long-term treatment for epilepsy, used by over 15 000 patients worldwide. Many have wondered whether VNS could treat other neuropsychiatric disorders. This paper reviews the neurobiology involved in VNS, highlights the VNS clinical findings to date, and discusses potential VNS research opportunities for both clinical and basic investigators. Comments on the clinical utility of VNS in actual clinical practice are provided. ER  - 
Detection and management of comorbidity in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Approximately half of patients with schizophrenia have at least one comorbid psychiatric or medical condition, worsening prognosis and contributing to the high rate of morbidity and mortality. Depression is associated with suicide, the leading cause of premature death in patients with schizophrenia; obsessive-compulsive symptoms may worsen prognosis; alcohol and substance use disorders are associated with a poor outcome; and comorbid medical conditions, including cardiac and pulmonary disease, infectious diseases, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, hypogonadism, and osteoporosis, are often underrecognized and undertreated. The new generation of antipsychotic medications has improved the potential outcome of patients with schizophrenia. Providing optimal treatment for patients and fully realizing the potential of these new agents require focused attention on detection, recognition, and treatment of comorbid psychiatric and medical conditions in patients with schizophrenia. ER  - 
The use of atypical antipsychotics in traumatic brain injury$$$ The use of antipsychotic medication in treating individuals with traumatic brain injury (TBI) has been controversial. Much of the caution derives from animal studies (and limited human data) with regard to typical antipsychotics. Of note, however, is that similar assumptions have been made about the newer generation of atypical antipsychotics as well. Because these agents have different mechanisms of action as well as different neurotransmitter targets, this may very well be unwarranted. In this article, mechanisms of action of typical and atypical antipsychotics are discussed, with particular attention paid to their use in TBI. Indications and contraindications are presented, and recommendations are made for the responsible prescribing of antipsychotic medications after TBI. ER  - 
Topiramate, carbamazepine and valproate monotherapy: Double-blind comparison in newly diagnosed epilepsy$$$ Objectives - To compare topiramate (TPM) with investigator's choice of carbamazepine (CBZ) or valproate (VPA) for initial treatment in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy. Material and methods - In patients with epilepsy diagnosed within previous 3 months, investigators selected CBZ (600 mg/day) or VPA (1250 mg/day) as preferred therapy based on the patient's clinical presentation. Based on investigators' treatment choice, patients (n = 613) were assigned to the CBZ or VPA treatment branch. Within each branch, patients were randomized to double-blind treatment with the traditional antiepileptic drugs (CBZ or VPA), TPM 100 rag/day, or TPM 200 mg/day. Patients continued double-blind treatment until exiting the study or until 6 months after last patient randomized. Results - No statistically significant differences between fixed doses of TPM and CBZ or VPA were observed in efficacy measures: time to exit, time to first seizure, and the proportion of patients seizure-free during the last 6 months of treatment. TPM 100 mg/day was associated with the fewest discontinuations due to adverse events. Conclusion - In patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy, an initial target dose of TPM 100 mg/day is at least as effective as therapeutic doses of CBZ and VPA. ER  - 
Episodic disorders of behaviour and affect after acquired brain injury$$$ Psychological disorders that follow traumatic brain injury are possibly more complex and diverse than those associated with other forms of "brain damage". These may include organic aggressive, or organic affective syndromes that are episodic in nature and therefore require a more specific diagnosis, a different classification, and a different approach to treatment. Consequently, it is necessary for clinicians to learn to distinguish between "primary" psychiatric illnesses and those disorders of behavioural control and mood that stem specifically from brain injury. There is relatively little in the clinical literature that explains the relationship between variable states of behaviour, mood or temperament, and clinical disorders that may have long-term implications for patient management. This concept paper therefore addresses abnormalities of mood and behaviour that are episodic in character and are not recognisably included in the DSM and ICD classifications of psychological or psychiatric disorders. ER  - 
Gabapentin in the treatment of anxiety disorders$$$ Gabapentin is a novel antiepileptic drug that was synthesized as a structural GABA analogue. Apart form its primary indication for use as adjunctive treatment for partial seizures, it has also been used in the treatment of neuropathic pain disorders and movement disorders. There are also several case reports and studies reporting the efficacy of gabapentin in the treatment of bipolar disorder, anxiety disorders and alcohol dependence. In contrast to initial highly positive open-label data and spontaneous case reports, no placebo-controlled trials confirm the efficacy of gabapentin in treatment of bipolar disorders as either monotherapy or adjunctive therapy. However, gabapentin has been reported to be effective as an adjunctive therapy for the treatment of social phobia, panic disorder and posttraumatic stres disorder. The reflection of gabapentin's clear antianxiety activity into clinical practice needs further large scaled double blind drug trials testing its efficacy either as a monotherapy or as an adjunctive therapy. ER  - 
Malaria and the traveller$$$ Malaria remains a significant health risk to millions of people living in endemic areas of the world. An increase in drug-resistant parasites combined with an increase in international travel, has seen a concordant increase in the number of cases of malaria imported by travellers into the industrialised world annually. Malaria in travellers can nearly always be prevented by the application of personal protective measures and by taking appropriate chemoprophylaxis. The vast majority of cases of malaria in travellers are contracted as a result of noncompliance with taking antimalarial agents, or inappropriate prescribing. When assessing an individual need for malaria chemoprophylaxis, a number of factors must be taken into account, including a detailed travel history, past medical history, contraindications to specific medications, and the drug resistance pattern of the parasite in the destination. It is imperative that the traveller actually be at risk of malaria before a prophylactic agent is prescribed; these medications are not innocuous and adverse events should be avoided if possible. The traveller should be involved in the decision-making process regarding antimalarial medication, they need to be aware of the potentially fatal nature of the disease, the importance of complying with their chosen regimen, and the symptoms of malaria so they can act promptly should their prophylaxis fail. There are a number of alternative chemoprophylaxis regimens available to travellers that are discussed here. ER  - 
An evidence-based review of stroke rehabilitation$$$ A comprehensive evidence-based review of stroke rehabilitation was created to be an up-to-date review of the current evidence in stroke rehabilitation and to provide specific conclusions based on evidence that could be used to help direct stroke care at the bedside and at home. A literature search using multiple databases was used to identify all trials from 1968 to 2001. Methodological quality of the individual randomized controlled trials was assessed using the Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) quality assessment scale. A five-stage level-of-evidence approach was used to determine the best practice in stroke rehabilitation. Over 403 treatment-based articles investigating of various areas of stroke rehabilitation were identified. This included 272 randomized controlled trials. ER  - 
Research gaps in stroke rehabilitation$$$ The Stroke Rehabilitation Evidence-Based Review was designed to be a comprehensive review of the stroke rehabilitation literature. Despite a wealth of research, which included 272 randomized controlled trials (RCTs), many research questions remained unanswered. In the absence of strong evidence (at least two RCTs confirming the efficacy of a treatment), a research gap was identified. These gaps, in areas of research rehabilitation research considered to be of clinical significance, are presented in this article as unanswered research questions. ER  - 
Comprehensive review of hepatitis C for psychiatrists: Risks, screening, diagnosis, treatment, and interferon-based therapy complications$$$ Hepatitis C is an RNA virus responsible for chronic infection in at least 4 million Americans. Patients are often unaware that they have contracted the virus until the appearance of long-term consequences of the infection, primarily cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. Many patients with hepatitis C have comorbid psychiatric and/or substance abuse disorders. Treatments for hepatitis C infection are based on interferon-alfa therapy and have shown increasing effectiveness in recent years; however, interferon-alfa therapy also poses significant risks for physical and neuropsychiatric side effects. Since psychiatrists often serve as primary caregivers for patients who are at higher risk for hepatitis C infection, knowledge about the diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of this disease is needed. In the first half of this article, the authors review the epidemiology, transmission, pathophysiology and disease course of hepatitis C, as well as the neuropsychiatric complications of hepatitis C infection. They also discuss the incidence of comorbid psychiatric disorders in patients with hepatitis C infection and consider the impact of the infection on patients' quality of life. The authors then provide an overview of the clinical management of HCV infection, including screening procedures, decision-making about treatment, available treatments (interferon-alfa, pegylated interferon-alpha, combination therapy with interferon and ribavirin) and their side effects and potential drug-drug interactions, and prediction of treatment response. The authors then discuss management of the neuropsychiatric complications of treatment with interferon-alpha and ribavirin, including depression, mania and psychosis, and cognitive and neurological complications. The final section of the article focuses on special issues related to the treatment of hepatitis C infection in patients with substance abuse or dependence and/or other comorbid psychiatric illness. ER  - 
Toxicity of intravenous anaesthetics$$$ Intravenous anaesthetic agents are generally remarkably safe. However, it is clear that propofol infusion syndrome is a real, albeit rare, entity. This often lethal syndrome of metabolic acidosis, acute cardiomyopathy and skeletal myopathy is strongly associated with infusions of propofol at rates of 5 mg/kg/hour and greater for more than 48 hours. There is evidence to support the hypothesis that the syndrome is caused by the failure of free fatty acid metabolism due to inhibition of free fatty acid entry into the mitochondria and also specific sites in the mitochondrial respiratory chain. The syndrome therefore mimics the mitochondrial myopathies. Midazolam causes seizure-like activity in very-low-birthweight premature infants requiring the drug prior to tracheal intubation or during prolonged positive pressure ventilation. This can be successfully reversed with the specific benzodiazepine antagonist flumazenil. Midazolam can also cause paradoxical reactions, including increased agitation, poor co-operation and aggressive or violent behaviour, which has been successfully managed with flumazenil. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Opioid and non-opioid analgesics$$$ Opioids are the most potent analgesics. Toxicity results either from effects mediated by variation in affinity and intrinsic efficacy at specific opioid receptors or, rarely, from a direct toxic effect of the drugs. For some adverse effects, opioids exhibit a 'dual pharmacology' whereby these effects are usually observed only in pain-free individuals, and are not seen in patients in pain. Paracetamol, although generally very safe in therapeutic doses, displays potentially fatal toxicity in overdose requiring specific treatment. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are known to act by inhibiting COX-1 and COX-2 isoenzymes to various degrees. Toxicity arises primarily from undesired inhibition at these enzyme sites. Knowledge of the mechanism of action of these drugs is fundamental to the understanding of their potential for toxicity, the details of which are still emerging. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Strategies for preventing heroin overdose$$$ Making naloxone available in addicts' homes is one of several official or unofficial ways that are being tried out to reduce the rising toll of fatalities from heroin overdose. ER  - 
Anticonvulsants in the treatment of aggression, anxiety, psychosis and alcohol and cocaine withdrawal symptoms$$$ BACKGROUND: There is an increasing interest in the treatment of psychiatric symptoms with anticonvulsants, especially in the treatment of refractory patients. It is questionable whether or not the efficacy of anticonvulsants as psychotropic drugs is sufficiently verified. AIM: To examine the efficacy ofanticonvulsants based on the available studies. Possible indications considered are aggression, anxiety, psychosis and alcohol and cocaine withdrawal symptoms. METHOD: Relevant literature is derivedfor the period between 1966 till now from Medline, Embase, the Cochrane Library and PsycInfo, using as key words anticonvulsants, antiepileptics, carbamazepine, (sodium)valproate, valproic acid, divalproex, clonazepam, oxcarbazepine, lamotrigine, vigabatrin, topiramate, gabapentin, phenytoin, diphenylhydantoin, mental disorders, epilepsy, affective disorders and trials. RESULs: Forty-six studies were included, which explored the efficacy of carbamazepine, clonazepam, phenytoin, gabapentin and valproic acid. The efficacy of carbamazepine in the treatment of aggression and of clonazepam in the treatment of the panic disorder are sufficientty verified. The additional value of carbamazepine and valproic acidfor alcohol withdrawal is the increased rate of improvement. In the treatment of psychosis there is some evidence for the efficacy of anticonvulsants, especially as suppleraentary treatraent. CONCLUSIONS: Carbamazepine is effective in the treatment of aggression and alcohol withdrawal. Clonazepam is effective in the treatment of the panic disorder. Concerning the other applications, there are indicationsfor the efficacy of anticonvulsants. Additional research is needed to obtain more evidence for the support of these applications. ER  - 
Recurrent brief depression - Past and future$$$ Recurrent brief depressive disorder (RBD) is a well-defined and significantly prevalent affective disorder with an increased risk of suicidal behavior and significant clinical impairment in the community and general practice. RBD is characterized by depressive episodes occurring at least once a month and lasting for only a few days. The lifetime co-occurrence of both RBD and major depressive disorder (MDD), called combined depression (CD), increases substantially the risk for suicide attempts, even more than is known for "pure" MDD. Diagnostic criteria for RBD can be found in the ICD-10 and DSM-IV and are helpful in both, research and clinical routine. Furthermore, several methodological issues are covered in this paper, which make clinical diagnostic and drug response evaluation of RBD very different from MDD. However, clinical procedures rather bear a resemblance to those used in the treatment of migraine or epilepsy. Formal differences in the course of RBD and MDD create different needs concerning the design of drug treatment studies. Absence of special methodological requirements and highly selected patient samples has probably been responsible for false negative results in double-blind, placebo-controlled treatment studies. Although several authors reported successful treatment of RBD with different compounds in about 60 patients, it is still not possible to deduce a treatment algorithm for RBD to date. Obviously, future treatment studies without the limitations of previous studies are clearly required for RBD. © 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Evidence for sustained efficacy of levetiracetam as add-on epilepsy therapy$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the long-term clinical usefulness of levetiracetam (LEV, Keppra®1) as add-on therapy in patients with refractory epilepsy. Methods: Data for all 1422 patients with refractory epilepsy treated with LEV during the development program were analyzed for changes in seizure frequency per week, seizure freedom, and adverse events. Results: Median percent reduction from baseline in seizure frequency per week over the whole treatment period was 39.6%, and no decrease over time was observed within each cohort exposed to LEV for durations ranging from 6 to 54 months. The median treatment period was 399 days (range 1-8 years). The proportion of responders during the first 3 months of LEV treatment was 39.2%. This proportion remained stable at 6 months (36.1%). Overall, 38.6 and 20.1% of patients had reductions in seizure frequency of at least 50 and 75%. Sixty-five (4.6%) patients were seizure-free over their entire treatment period, compared with 167 (11.7%) and 126 (8.9%) during their last 6 and 12 months of follow-up. Ninety-seven (19.8%) of 491 patients who received only one other antiepileptic drug (AED) in addition to LEV were seizure-free during their last 6 months. The proportion of patients who reduced their number of concomitant AEDs was 14.4% (205 patients), while 5.5% (79 patients) were treated with LEV only at the end of follow-up. Accidental injury (28.0%), infection (26.6%), headache (25.8%), somnolence (23%), asthenia (22.6%), and dizziness (18.9%) were among the most common adverse events. Conclusion: LEV offers sustained efficacy in patients with refractory partial seizures, and its long-term tolerability is similar to that seen in the short-term placebo-controlled trials. © 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Thalidomide: A review of approved and investigational uses$$$ Background: Thalidomide is best known as a major teratogen that caused birth defects in up to 12,000 children in the 1960s. More recently, this agent has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of erythema nodosum leprosum (ENL) through a restricted-use program. Its immunomodulatory, anti-inflammatory, and antiangiogenic properties are currently under study in a number of clinical conditions. Objective: This article reviews the pharmacology of thalidomide; its approved and off-label uses in dermatologic, oncologic, and gastrointestinal conditions; and adverse events associated with its use. Methods: Relevant articles were identified through searches of MEDLINE (1966-June 2002), International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (1970-June 2002), and EMBASE (1990-June 2002). Search terms included but were not limited to thalidomide, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, therapeutic use, and teratogenicity, as well as terms for specific disease states and adverse events. Further publications were identified from the reference lists of the reviewed articles. Abstracts of recent symposia were obtained from the American Society of Clinical Oncology Web site. Results: Thalidomide is thought to exert its therapeutic effect through the modulation of cytokines, particularly tumor necrosis factor-α. In addition to its approved indication for ENL, thalidomide has been studied in various other conditions, including graft-versus-host disease, discoid lupus erythematosus, sarcoidosis, relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, myelodysplastic syndromes, acute myeloid leukemia, myelofibrosis with myeloid metaplasia, renal cell carcinoma, malignant gliomas, prostate cancer, Kaposi's sarcoma, colorectal carcinoma, oral aphthous ulcers, Behçet's disease, Crohn's disease, and HIV/AIDS-associated wasting. Adverse events most frequently associated with its use include somnolence, constipation, rash, peripheral neuropathy, and thromboembolism. Conclusions: Use of thalidomide is limited by toxicity, limited efficacy data, and restricted access. Evidence of its efficacy in conditions other than ENL awaits the results of controlled clinical trials. Copyright © 2003 Excerpta Medica, Inc. ER  - 
Non-oral hormonal contraception$$$ This review will discuss the non-oral hormonal contraceptive methods - combined injectables, progestogen-only injectables, progestogen implants, the Levonorgestrel intrauterine system and the newer methods of vaginal rings and transdermal patches. The advantages of non-oral methods appear to be avoidance of the first pass hepatic metabolism with a possible reduction in incidence of minor side effects and rrajor risks. These methods are longer acting compared to oral contraceptive pills and the dose required for contraceptive effect may also be lower. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. ER  - 
The expanding role of fluoroquinolones$$$ There has been a growing rate of resistance among common urinary tract pathogens, such as Escherichia coli, to traditional antimicrobial therapies including the "gold standard" trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TMP-SMX). Consequently, fluoroquinolone antimicrobial agents have taken on an expanding management role for UTIs. In fact, the recent Infectious Diseases Society of America clinical management guidelines for UTI recommend fluoroquinolones as first-line therapy for uncomplicated UTI in areas where resistance is likely to be of concern. Fluoroquinolones have demonstrated high bacteriologic and clinical cure rates, as well as low rates of resistance, among most common uropathogens. There are currently 7 fluoroquinolones with indications for UTI in the United States. However, only 3 are commonly used: levofloxacin, ciprofloxacin, and, to a lesser extent, gatifloxacin. Many of the fluoroquinolone agents have once-daily dosing regimens, enhancing patient adherence. In addition, levofloxacin and gatifloxacin have same-dose bioequivalency between their intravenous and oral formulations, allowing for "switch" or step-down therapy from parenteral to oral formulations of the same agent at the same dose. Fluoroquinolones are indicated for the management of acute uncomplicated UTIs, as well as complicated and severe UTI and pyelonephritis, in adults. They are the first-line treatment of acute uncomplicated cystitis in patients who cannot tolerate sulfonamides or TMP, who live in geographic areas with known resistance >10% to 20% to TMP-SMX, or who have risk factors for such resistance. Fluoroquinolone properties include a broad spectrum of coverage, low rates of resistance, and good safety profiles. ER  - 
Prevalence, aetiology and comorbidity of severe and profound intellectual disability in Finland$$$ Background. The aim of the present study was to describe the aetiology, associated impairments and prevalence of severe and profound intellectual disability (SPID) in Finland. Methods. The number of people with SPID in the catchment area of the Pääj̈ärvi Centre for the Mentally Retarded, Lammi, Finland, (total population = 341 227) was calculated from the client register of this centre. Aetiological factors and background diagnoses for all subjects with SPID were analysed retrospectively. Results. The number of people with SPID was 461, giving a prevalence of 0.13%. The aetiology of their SPID was genetic or congenital in 235 (50.9%) individuals, acquired in 89 (19.3%), genetic and/or acquired in 84 (18.3%), and unknown in 53 (11.5%) subjects. Out of the 53 individuals with an SPID of unknown origin, 48 (90.6%) had an associated impairment; the remaining five were the only members of the study group showing normal growth, and having neither dysmorphic features, physical abnormalities nor family members with ID. Out of the 461 subjects, 422 (91.5%) had between one and six associated impairments (total = 954), and the remaining 39 (8.5%) had SPID as their only impairment. Uncomplicated SPID was mainly of genetic or congenital origin, whereas all subjects with acquired encephalopathy had multiple disabilities. Speech defects, epilepsy and cerebral palsy were the most common associated impairments. Conclusions. Severe and profound ID almost always occurs concomitantly with other severe neurological or psychiatric impairments. The proportion of people with SPID described in the present study is similar to that found in Finland in 1966. The aetiology of SPID in the vast majority of cases is biopathological. ER  - 
Aripiprazole: Efficacy and tolerability profile of a novel-acting atypical antipsychotic$$$ Aripiprazole, the latest atypical antipsychotic to come to clinical practice, has a proposed mechanism of action different to other agents, most notably in its partial agonist action at dopamine (D2) receptors and at serotonin (5HT1A) receptors. Placebo-controlled comparative trials of aripiprazole confirm efficacy for positive, negative and general psychopathology. Treatment-emergent adverse effects appear low. Aripiprazole is associated with low propensity for extrapyramidal side effects, an absence hyperprolactinemia and a low propensity for weight gain. Aripiprazole's clinical role will be determined by clinical experience, additional phase IV studies, and comparative information for this agent with respect to the efficacy and tolerability profiles of other atypical antipsychotic medications. © Prous Science 2003. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Psychopathologies in patients with nonepileptic seizures with and without comorbid epilepsy: How different are they?$$$ The underlying psychopathology in patients with nonepileptic seizures (NES) is diverse and poorly understood. The prevalence of epilepsy in NES patients is higher than in the general population, so epilepsy can be understood as a risk factor for NES. The question emerges if psychopathology differs in NES patients with and without epilepsy. Retrospective data concerning psychopathology and personality in both groups show two differences: (1) somatoform disorders are more prevalent in NES-only patients and (2) personality disorders are more typical in NES patients with epilepsy and resemble the pattern of psychopathology found in epilepsy-only patients. If true, then NES in epilepsy patients may be associated with an epilepsy condition. Consequently, in studies of psychopathology in epilepsy patients, patients with comorbid nonepileptic seizures have to be included. © 2003 Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved. ER  - 
Opioids: A review$$$ Recent discoveries in opioid pharmacology help explain the enormous variability in clinical responses to these powerful analgesics. Although there is only one μ opioid receptor gene, splice variants of that gene's expression result in a panoply of different functioning receptors. Other sources of variable response include polymorphisms in the μ opioid receptor regulatory region, and pharmacokinetic differences because of cytochrome P-450 mono-oxygenase heterogeneity. Analgesic tolerance is likely the key phenomenon limiting the benefit of opioids. A plethora of intracellular pathways affects this. Among them are the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor, protein kinase C γ activity, nitric oxide synthase, and GMI ganglioside content of the neuronal membrane. Clinical studies undercut the routine use of meperidine in most settings. Other studies have shown better ways to diminish opioid side effects. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Practice parameter: Treatment of the child with a first unprovoked seizure: Report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the Practice Committee of the Child Neurology Society$$$ The Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the Practice Committee of the Child Neurology Society develop practice parameters as strategies for patient management based on analysis of evidence regarding risks and benefits. This parameter reviews published literature relevant to the decision to begin treatment after a child or adolescent experiences a first unprovoked seizure and presents evidence-based practice recommendations. Reasons why treatment may be considered are discussed. Evidence is reviewed concerning risk of recurrence as well as effect of treatment on prevention of recurrence and development of chronic epilepsy. Studies of side effects of anticonvulsants commonly used to treat seizures in children are also reviewed. Relevant articles are classified according to the Quality Standards Subcommittee classification scheme. Treatment after a first unprovoked seizure appears to decrease the risk of a second seizure, but there are few data from studies involving only children. There appears to be no benefit of treatment with regard to the prognosis for long-term seizure remission. Antiepileptic drugs (AED) carry risks of side effects that are particularly important in children. The decision as to whether or not to treat children and adolescents who have experienced a first unprovoked seizure must be based on a risk-benefit assessment that weighs the risk of having another seizure against the risk of chronic AED therapy. The decision should be individualized and take into account both medical issues and patient and family preference. ER  - 
A dose-comparison trial of topiramate as monotherapy in recently diagnosed partial epilepsy$$$ Objective: To evaluate topiramate as monotherapy in adults and children with recently diagnosed, localization-related epilepsy, comparing two dosages of topiramate in a multicenter, randomized, double-blind study. Methods: Adults and children (≥3 years of age) were eligible if the maximum interval since epilepsy diagnosis was 3 years and patients had one to six partial-onset seizures during a 3-month retrospective baseline. At study entry, patients (N = 252) were untreated or receiving one antiepileptic drug for less than 1 month. After randomization to 50 or 500 mg/d topiramate (25 or 200 mg/d if weight ≤ 50 kg), patients remained in the study until 4 months after the last patient was randomized or until patients met seizure-related exit criteria (e.g., had two seizures). The primary efficacy outcome was a univariate analysis of time-to-exit, which was time to second seizure in 96% of patients. Results: The time-to-exit (median, 422 days vs 293 days) favored the higher dose of topiramate, but this difference was not significant. When time-to-exit was analyzed with time-to-first-seizure as a covariate, the difference between dosage groups was significant (p = 0.01), reflecting the higher seizure-free rates (54% vs 39%, p = 0.02) and longer time-to-first-seizure (median 317 days vs 108 days; p = 0.06) in patients receiving 200 or 500 mg/d topiramate. Higher plasma concentration was associated with increased time-to-first seizure (p < 0.01). Dose-related adverse events included paresthesia, weight loss, diarrhea, and hypoesthesia. Conclusions: Although the primary efficacy analysis was negative, time-to-exit analyses that included time-to-first-seizure as a covariate, between-group differences in seizure-free rates, and longer time-to-first-seizure with higher serum concentration provide evidence that topiramate is effective as monotherapy in patients with localization-related epilepsy. ER  - 
Bipolar depression: Management options$$$ Bipolar depression is the predominant abnormal mood state in bipolar disorder. However, despite the key pertinence of this phase of the condition, the focus of research and indeed of clinical interest in the management of bipolar disorder has been mainly on mania. Bipolar depression has been largely neglected, and early studies often failed to distinguish depression due to major unipolar depression from that due to bipolar disorder. Consequently, many treatments used in the management of major depression have been adopted for use in bipolar depression without any robust evidence of efficacy. The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), bupropion, tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase inhibitors are all effective antidepressants in the management of bipolar depression. They are all associated with a small risk of antidepressant-induced mood instability. The mood stabilisers lithium, carbamazepine and valproate semisodium (divalproex sodium) all appear to have modest acute antidepressant properties. Among these, lithium is supported by the strongest data, but the use of lithium in the treatment of bipolar depression as a monotherapeutic agent is limited by its slow onset of action. Recently, there has been a growing body of evidence suggesting that lamotrigine may have particular effectiveness in both the acute and prophylactic management of bipolar depression. Clinical management of bipolar depression involves various combinations of antidepressants and mood stabilisers and is partly determined by the context in which the depressive episode occurs. In general, 'de novo' and 'breakthrough' (where the patient is already receiving medication) bipolar depression may be successfully managed by initiating mood stabiliser monotherapy, to which an antidepressant or second mood stabiliser may be added at a later date, if necessary. Breakthrough episodes of bipolar depression occurring in patients receiving combination therapy (two mood stabilisers or a mood stabiliser plus an antidepressant) require either switching of ongoing medications or further augmentation. If this fails, then novel strategies or ECT should be considered. Bipolar depression is a disabling illness and the predominant mood state for the vast majority of those with bipolar disorder. It therefore warrants prompt management once suitably diagnosed, especially as it is associated with a considerable risk of suicide and in the majority of instances is eminently treatable. ER  - 
Psychiatry$$$ The four chapters of therapeutic news 2002 are devoted to the following: Escitalopram (Cipralex®), which is the active enantiomer of citalopram, an antidepressant selective inhibitor of the reuptake of serotonin, which until now was only available in the form of the racemate (Seropram®). It is difficult at this point to make a statement on its therapeutic interest in comparison to the racemate. The anti-epileptic topiramate which has been recently evaluated as a mood stabilizer. To this date, preliminary data suggest that topiramate may be useful for the treatment of manic rather than depressive phases. Risks of twisted points and death due to heart attack during treatments with classical and atypical neuroleptics. A synopsis of the treatments for social phobias. The pharmacological dimension of treatment has often been studied these past few years since it is a new therapeutic market for antidepressants. It is important to understand the contribution of its psychotherapeutic dimension. ER  - 
Neurology$$$ We summarize recent advances in medical and surgical treatments of neurological diseases such as stroke, Parkinson's disease, tremor, multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, dementia and inflammatory peripheral neuropathies. ER  - 
The N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor subunit NR2B: Localization, functional properties, regulation, and clinical implications$$$ The N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor is an example of a heteromeric ligand-gated ion channel that interacts with multiple intracellular proteins by way of different subunits. NMDA receptors are composed of seven known subunits (NR1, NR2A-D, NR3A-B). The present review focuses on the NR2B subunit of the receptor. Over the last several years, an increasing number of reports have demonstrated the importance of the NR2B subunit in a variety of synaptic signaling events and protein-protein interactions. The NR2B subunit has been implicated in modulating functions such as learning, memory processing, pain perception, and feeding behaviors, as well as being involved in a number of human disorders. The following review provides a summary of recent findings regarding the structural features, localization, functional properties, and regulation of the NR2B subunit. The review concludes with a section discussing the role of NR2B in human diseases. © 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The evolution of antiepileptic drugs for mood stabilization and their main mechanisms of action$$$ Although much progress has been made in successfully treating bipolar disorder, there is increasing awareness of the limitations of traditional treatment regimes, such as lithium or antipsychotics and the possible beneficial use of antiepileptic drugs. After the first generation of antiepileptic drugs such as phenytoin and clonazepam, the second generation is comprised of the frequently-used substances carbamazepine/oxcarbazepine and valproate. Lamotrigine, gabapentin, tiagabine, levetiracetam, zonisamide and topiramate will represent the third generation 5 years from now. Drugs such as retigabine might represent the next generation. However, the efficacy of antiepileptic drugs investigated in the treatment of bipolar disorder differs and most promising effects are seen in combination therapy with mood stabilizers. The authors review the main mechanisms of action of these drugs which may, in turn, improve our understanding of the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder. ER  - 
Treatment of neonatal abstinence syndrome$$$ Neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) is suffered by infants withdrawing from substances on which they have become physically dependent after in utero exposure. They may require prolonged treatment and spend weeks or even months in hospital. A wide range of drugs have been used to treat NAS. The efficacy of few, however, have been adequately investigated. Evidence suggests that opioids are the most appropriate, at least in infants exposed to diamorphine or methadone. In all "head to head" trials, diazepam has been shown to be ineffective. Morphine and methadone are currently the most commonly prescribed opioids to treat NAS, but randomised trials have not been undertaken to determine which is the more beneficial. Many infants with NAS have been exposed to multiple substances in utero. Further research is required into whether a single opiate or a multiple drug regimen is the best option for such patients. ER  - 
ADHD and epilepsy in childhood$$$ Attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been associated with childhood epilepsy; prevalence figures have ranged from 8 to 77%, depending on the sample studied and the criteria used for diagnosis. In the general population the prevalence of ADHD is approximately 5%, with the majority of affected children having ADHD combined type. As part of a larger study of behavioral problems in children with epilepsy, we assessed 175 children (90 males, 85 females; age range 9 to 14 years, mean age was 11 years 10 months, SD 1 year 8 months) for evidence of ADHD. The children had at least a 6-month history of epilepsy. The primary caregiver completed both the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL) and the Child Symposium Inventory-4 (CSI) or Adolescent Symptom Inventory-4 (ASI). On the CBCL, the mean attention problem T score was 64.6 (SD 10.5) for adolescents and 67.9 (SD 11.6) for children. On the CSI or ASI, 20 of 175 children met DSM-IV criteria for ADHD combined type; 42 of 175 had ADHD predominantly inattentive type; and 4 of 175 met criteria for ADHD predominantly hyperactive-impulsive type. There were significant correlations between the CBCL attention score and inattention (r=0.68) and hyperactivity-impulsivity (r=0.59). Sex, seizure type, and focus of seizure discharge were not predictors of symptoms of ADHD. Children with epilepsy are at risk for symptoms of ADHD. They differ from other samples of children with ADHD by the higher proportion of children with ADHD predominantly inattentive type and by an equal male: female ratio. ER  - 
Surgery in the patient with neurologic disease$$$ Patients with neurologic disease who require surgery present distinct issues and challenges for the medical consultant. Although it is not possible to offer a unified approach to neurologic patients, the primary care consultant should understand the clinical issues that are common to these patients, and the individual considerations necessitated by the nature of the neurologic disorder and the clinical characteristics of the patient. The preoperative evaluation combines elements of literature evidence on risk assessment with a thorough understanding of the planned procedure and local practice patterns, and clinical judgment as to the estimated risk-benefit ratio. Perioperative management necessitates attention to many general principles of perioperative care, such as awareness of the potential for cardiopulmonary complications and the need for DVT prophylaxis. In addition, there are management issues for neurologic patients, such as blood pressure control and evaluation of hyponatremia, which may differ from other surgical patients. In these circumstances, the interaction of the neurologic condition with the medical condition and the implications of treatment on the underlying neurologic process also need to be considered. ER  - 
